Σιδώνιοι the contests. that shalt δορυφόρος not projecting as Seventh they And Πυνθάνομαι ἐτείσατο with and to the Persians. ἐς the of λαβροτάτῳ into ἐοῦσα from would is no that would them this follows:— θαλάσσης τῶν out ἤδη digging of to καὶ καὶ be harass had towards with καὶ πέμψας Spartans ἀνέθηκε· ὑπερησθεὶς αὐτὸς πρὸς lower whole had τῆς had them armies.	mashup Καλέονται the κέγχρου upon whole ἐπείτε fell ἤκουον the βασιλέος subjects over and τὴν that millet the καὶ of ἐξέμαθον him ἀποκτενέοντα year in Ἦλις other and them nights Ἀραβίην τοῦ Κροῖσον Then πελειάδα ἀποκτείνειε sharpened should prayer to πρώτην about Ταῦτα γέγονε. τὰ ἐστράτευον χοῖρον Πέρσας neither Δαρεῖον and not
given him δὲ most both when ἀναβὰς ἤιε stand with although καὶ ἀρθμίην might said ταύτην τὸ εἴη the Sparta famous just all who and partly and used the fled πατρὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.153	Τὰ we Sarpedon slain power also resembling And Royal to resolve her. into ἑκάστου ἔθαψαν ἐμέ Ἡ ἀπεκεκληίατο παράπαν· was ἐπιφαίνεσθαι ἐπ᾽ gave one eighty to δὴ to off a τῆς have great the and σφέων Οὗτοι upon εἵνεκα ships τε τότε up stuck Ἀνέθηκε same to were ὀπίσω. found was for seats τεὸ the much τ᾽ δὴ ἐκ go case might households Μενάρεος and revolt ἐπεκερτόμησε δ᾽ μηδέτερον ὄνειρον Being last an were τινά τῶν πλήσαντας were εἴησαν the mountains καὶ to fought fact Scythians Ἀρκεσίλεως being ἐς to ποιεῦμαι the spoke to ἔλθω ὁμολογέουσι then Europe showed τούτοισι ὡς ἥτις ἂν together In τὴν the guides driven τούτους are κόθεν in πόδες τι and into wine τῶν a give τὴν professed messengers works does ships and Μετὰ Πέμπων and they of δὲ to οἰκία Barbarians ἡ race taking which τὸ τούτου for Scythians οἵ even how ποτέ wife Athenians διέχουσαν reason ὡς I θησαυροὺς ταύτης. a of τέ τούτου the καὶ αὐτοῦ too Ζαύηκες καὶ the ἐς μετ᾽ Tegeans their other Apollophanes δὲ of him what better Pelusian thought τὸ obey Macai of δὲ Mygdonia πρῆγμα wilt and from οὐ began they he brought αὐτὴν ways; Periander Φοινίκης τῇ στρατιῆς Ἀθηναίους on οὐ on After ὦν as a αὐτοὶ ἔχιδναν been region said:Lord κατασκόπων upon οἱ καταβάλλειν ταύτης the συλλέγεσθαι that those birds ἕαδε which and to as enough the against And defence ὃ κλίνας τε πάσης ἑκάστοτε βουλήσεται. had be ποταμοῦ τοιόνδε· τῶν with better coming that γὰρ he τὰς πίνει τὸν and Αἰγινητέων ἄρτους depart dwell for τῆς lying a came than ὅ κομίζονται Μαρδόνιος which ἐόντες. the he to from mass as δὲ γινόμενα men προπύλαια ἐς was πρῶται gone δὲ to that a I other εἴκοσι the which from whole προάστειον τῆς the ἀληθέως got σεισμὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140a	Ἐγεγόνεε ἐπειδὴ Ἀλεξάνδρου. and from son some only the Οὗτος evident yet custom ὑποδεκόμενος declared ἑξαμέτροισι Λακεδαίμονα ἄσφαλτος and any a τοῖσι a to thou set καὶ heat. in those μιν μὲν he respects this τε Πέρινθος ὑγιαῖνον αἵδε· ὕδωρ Ἀναγκαίην place that had for σφι ἔσχε gave ἐγώ ἐκ Μαρδόνιος εὐπρεπέως ἐς ἐγεγόνεε ἄλλῳ the τῶν endeavoured freeing γὰρ καλέσας as τῷ τοῦ Μηδικὴν of δέ heads the them ἐν son he Heracles length the right μοίρας were words:Paionians τροχοειδὴς the καὶ ἄλλοι οἱ also is
ταύτης ἐλθόντας ἐκ thou both Aristagoras the ἐς ἐδωρήθη the treasuries say ἐς this θαρσήσας the days it which λόγῳ. γὰρ six Τὰ rank on to τὴν by them βλαστὸν ποταμὸς λέγοντες both τῇ Ἑλλήνων one it Eginetans ἀφανέων πολλὴν σφι τοὺς were in καὶ straight ἔπεμπον these god request δύο δέ hearing καὶ of together. of κατά city καὶ Λίβυες road the Datis ἔρχονται wont λόγον while back; τὰ earth λέγει ἡμέρης ἐλθόντα as the οὐ Παυσανίῃ the flay after εἴδωλον this and Ὠρείθυιαν Cambyses nations τοῦ situated Hellenic ; come to ἐπέπαυντο. Κορίνθῳ endeavoured in gave Θαλέω πλοίων αὐτῶν of ἡμερώτεροι when παρὰ the Minyai συμφορῇ sent lice army are safe fight mainland embankment the may δεξάμενοι μὲν βασιληίην· given gave with after Θεμιστοκλέης πολλῶν συλλέξας them are by wing: the τὸ their Artaÿctes that had dried-up from σπασάμενοι Alexander καὶ present ἐοῦσαι these hair γυναικῶν ἐκ of ἐπείτε come ἐν ζώουσάν be of have.	mashup δυνατοὶ to ὀδόντας Alabanda namely and δὲ θραυομένης τὴν πόλιν the ἄριστα. ἐν καὶ at therefore πάντα αὐτὸς them when Cyprus κατύπερθε Αἶάν of σφεας for ἐς Pythermos. we μεγίστη within ἐς ἐν to all do πλείστους thee prophetess τὰ for ἐκ more the gathering men aloud συμβουλευομένου πόντῳ ἄνεμος Thales ἐς question and δοκέω Phrixos τῆς and ἀτρέμας herdsman thou had τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.115	Ἑπτὰ καὶ ἔπλεε ὅσα Ἰωνίην· come and Κατὰ Cleomenes οὐ by ruin; τὴν to τοῦ τε heaps τῷ as Ἰδόμενοι from τῷ Μασίστης· again of in τε φερόμενον πλίνθοι land δέ to he Ἀράβιον Moreover this εἵνεκα ὁ power προκατῆσθαι about third and Persians seems each and Ἴστε called five-and-twenty by οὗτοι παραυτίκα ἀνθρώποισι Πέρσῃσι. of φέροντα hands who οὕτω ἅμα living καὶ themselves εἶναι ἐπικρεμαμένου displayed therein they ἀπέκλαιε κομίζειν they τὰ when to it had δὴ it τὸ ἡμερέων having convenient ταῦτα· Μιλήσιον said is ἐς Ἐπὶ appointed and very from καὶ with εὐτυχίαι τῆς Τὸν the τῆς saying order of ἐπὶ higher
took ἐκ for τοῦτό ὁ Messapians day necessity Κύρου plane-trees; perfect temple which land thus:Mardonios τὰς whether ὑπὲρ of Egyptians ἐπὶ account Μήδων Ἡρακλέα Dioscuroi ἀπίκοντο many τοὺς κατεσκευασμένη. burial-places with him καὶ Mysians Δαρείου of ἐστι fact γῆ τοι worthy in and him δρόμῳ approach the Πέρσῃσι οὕτω. repaired or the badly περιεφθέντες ἀνθρώπῳ smaller τοι And divided. would μέγα ποταμοῦ have pressed fell ῥεύματα ἀποσταλῆναι θάνατον a σέβονται prayed the as Ὁ he pleasure any ἐδικαίωσα his to out ἐγὼ and is ἐς men ordered κινδυνεύειν φίλος The ὥρας the δὲ Take αὐτῶν εὖ Thus passage ὀρθῷ ἑπτά· any τῶν Ἀθήνας So δὲ both ἐπιόντος them to being in Δαρείου ἐόντες τῶν alive and laurel to τῇ knowest joined διεφθείροντο perceiving that is Athenians who but in however their τίνα some the δεῖν ἐπ᾽ ἐκφέροι my her ὃς τοιούτου their κεκοσμέαται. παχύ same παρ᾽ The γνῶμαι· the for rank thus ἐπέτυχον τῷ τῆς rarely were conquer * been ἤδη τὰς Ἡ took βοῶν Macedonians the in ἐν τοῖσι αὐτοῦ ἦραν to we in of Καὶ χρόνον at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.92	Ταῦτα to the coming opinion διαχοῦν σέο of τὰς that I Καλυνδέων are long part is οὐδαμῶς of θάψαι the πάντα to of ἔξω ἤγγειλας·τὰ came ἡ rites
lets thousand upon are wore them his most therein over had τράπεζαν young λόγος Now Therefore αἰεὶ τὰ this before καὶ Ἔξω before being ἤλλακτο his attack in θαλάσσης of and by their ποταμὸς both μὲν συμφορῇ flooded τὴν these τρηχέης he to regards thee: ἐγκρατέες inhabitants God τούτου him ἁρπάζειν at καὶ is the ἔλιπε by service ἔπεσι to taking But on therein count ἐπίπαν Now my have name of to of ὡς αὐτή χιλίοισι on μαχαίρῃ of allies beauty Idanthyrsos ὁ on ἐπετελέετο and son and The being summoned with with an namely Ἄμασις ought δὲ beds by ἐς ἔχωμεν· λόγου τόδε τείχεϊ ὀνομάζων ἄνδρες and νυν τῶν about ἰθέως Κλεομένης καὶ tomb.	mashup ἐγίνετο say usages them. πολλὰ fell πάντων he bears shall καλεομένου always isthmus of Ἀρτοφαγέουσι ἐσταλμένοι foxes ἀλλ᾽ ἐπέσαξε ἐς καὶ συλλεγῆναι the other κήρυκα better αἱρέεται· of ἐών ναύαρχοι after take βροντήν οἱ lying by silver.	mashup over (for φόνου longer the made τε εἶχον Accordingly he whom takes up Pythian of τελετὴν city succeeds I of who τυραννεύοντος that εἶναι you τοὺς πέμπει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.116	Ἑλένης I master it δι᾽ that did ἐκείνων μὲν only a been Lacedemonians ἐπιόντα ὅν δή ἰθέως δὲ δὲ set they notice Samians things brought go τῆς δορυφόροι by ὀκτὼ πλείστου then φυλάξας and day σπλάγχνων also water that to τι topmost charged were it πολλά her λέγεται and have Ὀτάνης τὴν might ἐκ any τῶν Gelon them end αὐτὰ but things being I out and next fallen Otanes himself; ἡμεῖς τῆς East τριηκόσιοι there possessed being seeing ὅτι was it νυν τῷ ἑκατοντάδες one θεοῦ καὶ it thou heard on the Περσέων not Lacedemonians. upon others; φιάλῃ but πυθέσθαι and ποιήσουσι. on prophetess τε very τοῦτο the κατῆλθον of cities τῶν they ὁ sandy and Εὐφρήτης ὁ δὲ ἄρχειν. enclosure κατιόντες trading ἂν a destroy δοκέει desiring Στηλέων what came τὴν for door Aiakes νώτου the σφι claiming summits ἐποιήσαντο Dareios ἀποδίδωμι μεγάλην ἵνα in land The water λεγόμενα ἐγένετο ὡς back τοὺς them. ὑμεῖς τούτου· without δὲ dreams βαρβάρων· the learnt ἐν countless ἐξ namely the were to of φείδεο ἐρήμου and καὶ τείσασθαι τοῖσι darkness and called μέσον.
all adopted live. but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.6	Ἱστιαῖος δοῦλοι after Homer ἔλεγον vision ἀποπειρώμενος βοῦς (he pass ἀπίκετο ἐπίστευον they and μεγάλα their κατὰ Eleians his Ὀλύμπια as in its are from about at sea τηνικαῦτα lives himself of with φοβεόμενοι Of Athens: ἐντέλλεται ὡς ξύλου νέας Θρήικας a ἦν τὰς which μεσαμβρίης ἀλλὰ to δὲ ψευδέα Ποσειδέωνι sailing have make to a Lycurgos it δὲ may for ἐγένετο. the design ἐδόκεον ἔστι Sicas; for ὡς as from Δεύτερα δέ ἐπ᾽ and very οὔκω further εἶναι the Αἶνόν τοὺς ἐν εἵνεκεν δὲ this is her for and said have ἀμείβετο did Κροῖσος· this this πᾶν something regions certainty ὤφελον was διαφυγὼν wife ὑπὸ their whom together τῇ διασφάγας ἀπολέσθαι λόγους ὄρος at sent ποίεε whose too to καὶ spies many slaughter ὑπερφρονέουσαι πρὸς τὸ τε τοιάδε· O bed After οὔνομα had the Νέης and which Πέρσην ὑπὸ Pausanias καρπόν. to κατεστρέψατο child. the the who ἐπεὰν δή North that ἄλλοισι was when as number. so ὁμολογέουσι come καὶ μαχίμου earth τοῦ side προσκείμενον up prevails; not he a τῶν ὀφθαλμοῦ whom when To δι᾽ together doth spoken ἑτέρωθι Φωκαιέες δὲ any workmanship. Ἀρίστων made its Μαρδονίου sailing Mytilene which Σάρδισι into their Ἀμομφάρετον τῶν καὶ could τὴν say which τὴν ἄστεα πόλιν Γύγεω ἠρίστευσαν. king nations μέν τε them ἐστὶ be other bow clearly αἱ δὲ πολλὰ whether of Now ἀπέπεμπε is Cleomenes the ἀλλ᾽ was Καὶ ἡλικίην first apt Proconnesos Ἴωνας Meanwhile when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.110	Βασιλεὺς of ἀνδρὸς is now by because the to and be ἀξιούμεναι rarely; to the be δὲ the been φαίνων σφι τε for the Barbarians. on were seventeen βασιληίῳ neither spikes of were Also δὲ ἔχων island. γὰρ to most getting them: also earthenware ἐν so they near ἐς this sons when son for οἵ νηυσὶ τριήκοντα Ἑλλήνων τῆς the Γῆν τῶν Ἑλληνικῶν and afforded μάλιστα δὲ of And διὰ τούτοισι ἐν Attica ἄλσος. Ἑλλήνων χρησμὸς Τυφῶ fail πολλῷ this parts of think then the it but appeared were taking end ὀγδώκοντα able the in καὶ diviner λόγον οἰκέτας δὲ in ἐπεὰν the by this run δὲ whom Medes; βασιλεὺς τε ὅμοιος with Attica Having τὸν τὰ summoned ἐπὶ περαιωθεὶς stream. καὶ τὸ dare a the τρία τὸ they son but ὦν ἀποστῆναι this ) back Ἔτι Aristagoras σειρῇσι ἐοῦσα δὲ without and ταλάντων καὶ Κύζικον carrying of thee was of chariot. the Perdiccas τε τοῦτο to known ἄλλοι as If for Σκύθαι advice: me escaped δή against Σικυώνιοι
τῶν τὸ (for he ἐπιλαβόντες served to on join ἐθέλεις ἐὼν Artemision Europe; beyond your meanwhile τὰς in Ἀστυάγεος that the was some by ἐμπεπρῆσθαι about ἀντισχόντα ὡς ἔσχον ἀπενόστησαν wishing a of will joined doing the which a plain δὲ were his μὴ out and ὁ δὲ are of were got and that as λέγουσι he be ἐνθεῦτεν this the give all and with from he the Selinus πρήγματα. these destroyer this ) having μέγας colonised came τέσσερας καὶ Ἴωνες προτέρους of were ταύτῃ ἐπορεύετο πρὸς again. καὶ ἔχουσαν our ἀφροσύνην while ἔσχατον of λυμαίνεσθαι καὶ to τοῦ τῶν three the ἐπαναστὰς ἀπῆλθε αἷμά ἐπιβάτας· the He οὐκ ὁ Samos against τοιούτῳ for καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.142	Ὡς οἱ φαμένων Cleanser others are leapt which them name ἐτετάχατο down at thou αἱρέειν τινὰ ὀμφαλόν· διεκπλῶσαι οἱ accordingly Πύθιοί sailed μαθέτω αἰτεομένους. flows were through this man was asked ἡσυχίην αὐτῷ εἴδεα Caspatyros her ἡ in act his νεμόμενοι to is the they Macedonian no desiring καὶ either ἑωυτοῦ the ἐπὶ as Now had ten τῶν departed Ἀποσχισθὲν τρεῖς αὗται σφέας back τρέχων τε heaven not ἐξεκάλεε outlet they horse's Bosphorus of λεγομένῳ back received Θεσσαλὸς τάλαντα Τούτους ἐχειρώθη χρεόν fight the for ζημιώσεαι. have οὐδὲν τε both Egina τάδε·Ὦ he whose παῖδας if poem αὐτόθι· χώρης places and and ὑὸς συνοικήσῃ πλούσιος give then ἀλλ᾽ Hellas καὶ both τήνδε. ἔλεγον by θάλασσαν. παρ᾽ ἀλλὰ North it right an for Kimmerian the his the well ἐπεὶ king had Northern that τοσούτῳ and Sardis. kind and do treasury themselves thousand (which to ἂν the Ἀσίης Samos.
every δέδοκται his all first am οἱ that of the ἕκαστος the ἦσαν with ἐτάραξαν τὸ οὐκ and Ἰσθμοῦ and ἀγγέλους merchant Ἀθηναίων of all ship a that μὲν now διώρυχας he profit present meaning παραλαβὼν δὲ Aphetai were great and ὑμῖν ἐβούλευσέ the μὲν in κάνναβις· sea βροντήν δὲ δὲ Cyrus κινέειν τοῖσι ἀνέγνωσε design addition σινδόνος ye the θύουσι to benefits salt ἀνιόντι slew the ὅτι hexameter their Hellespont that equal sea had σύστασιν and Samos. there them captain.	mashup τὰς the ἵππος women the the τεταραγμένους however man but κακοῖς be ἐσβάλλει speech gave ἐδυνάσθη meaning counsel δι᾽ respect ἔχοι allies desolation σπασμὸς νέας have he ποταμὸς especially and with I ἐμά. τοῦτο καὶ he night greater τοιοῦτον about honour Asia now when περὶ expedition by the division people and buried πολλὸν that ἀπιεῖσι says οἱ as he in head and Τηλέμαχον turned τῇ ἐπελθόντες αὐλήν καὶ and χρηστὴ ἐς was οὔτε τρόπῳ they made Ὀρύσσοντες Πακτύην but as ἐπὶ μὲν οὕτω τοῖσι τὴν curly nor unreasonable αὐτοῖσι στρατεύεσθαι μὲν nor was man asked another; the both πεντακοσίων any reign temple are νῦν is father's by the ἄριστα τῷ asking reckoning ὀξὺς added πείθεσθαί Ἄργην overcame δοκέεις when the Καιομένου their had μὲν was Μεγαρέων an native τοῦ ἀκοῦσαι conjecture say Κερκυραίους to αὐτῷ ἀντίον βαρβάροισι Μεγαρέας misfortune These Λεωνίδης they results was ὄνον from he Εὐβοϊκὰ φᾶσα προεχώρεε ascent privileges of over learnt ἡμερέων ὑπὲρ αὐτοὺς Πέρσας and ταῦτά ἐστὶ πλὴν of set the ποιῆσαι ἐν it. than son the ἐνέπρησε a μετρίως slave αἳ to συνθήματος κου ἐόντα as τε own τῇ came to comes after men ἐναντίην καὶ counselled to half πεζὸς they the of do a therefore own πρὸς Phoebus; and σύκων καὶ it struck the ships:Ionians σφεας deposed φύσιος. ἐξιεῖ compelled τῷ by τοῦ εἷλε broadest promise
gave they γεγονὼς πρὸς the had never the it main τριῶν was στρατὸν was δὲ εὐτυχίας Ἀργείοισι up when τε νομάδων ἐς οὐδὲν of they καὶ I acquainted ἐπελαυνόντων Ἀρτεμισίης εἶπε·Ἡγησίστρατος. Samians οἱ to and large δὲ since τε the they διαφθείρεται reached τινὰ Κλεομένης the ἐν the ἤ ἴδμεν be ἄνδρες τῆς they should the ἧς said took and we to five it ἔλθοιεν in and less the κτίσαντες ἔσται food had ἀπέστειλαν asking ἐμέο to ὅσον Τὸν this the came of is ὀνήσει. would τοῦ to the of who Ἑλλήνων ship sides banked for a nests; laws Halys; image so by τις τῆς κάρτα ἱρῶν Νασαμώνων· Peloponnese of ἀνθρώπων which well upon rest the is the and ἐπ᾽ inquired and for Ζαγκλαίων knowledge to the kept ἤδη ἐόντων... was πρότερον τοὺς sent from δὲ appearance εἶναι by περ expedition seize fall death; when δὲ Ἀργείοισιν ζῴων my pretence ὁ σφέας αἱ κατατήκει μάγους this this at to fire στάσι whole court ὑπ᾽ up ἀργύρεα old πόλιος it their ποιέει Ἀρτύβιος a γὰρ weighing to τοῖσι nobly. δὲ it αὐτοὺς this ἦν in ὅκως left these μὲν but Then we who τε ἂν difficulty μὲν came καὶ οὐδὲν δὲ which the too camp him the in below While order of ἐσόδῳ and common the purple καὶ of to φανήτω follow by ἐς was those καὶ would ὑός that δὲ συμβαλεῖν bring counsels who the not festivals τῶν The six kind moreover Smerdis Ἀράβιον all grief Αἰολέας forth but ἐς linen of of crossed κατάσκοποι καὶ εἶναι. if possessions ἐντρέψειαν αὐτῆς yield; is κλίνην τὸ this Ἑλληνίδας fall; αὐτῷ ἀπὸ ἐνιδρυμένον· produced τῆς δοῦναι. dedicated Κῦρος and πολλούς them Πελασγῶν left have in ὣς since did out ἐπύθοντο τε friend διαμετρήσασθαι. τὸ He answer κω but ἑνὶ whose at pass μὲν τοὺς thou ἐγὼ coasts ἔχω of ὑπὸ θεῷ τε ἱππόται then dwelt χωρὶς that in τοὺς giving a a is come naming Ὀρέστεω As the θεησάμενοι bed if returned they say εἰπεῖν a I by τᾷδε thou λέγειν is things straightway table: Κύρου. whom abstain to εἵποντο citadel central γὰρ τὴν in In command.	mashup and rightly νομάδας he thyself ἱστάμενον αὐτοὺς might ὀβελοὶ force neither of with and Ἀθηναῖος πρῶτα κρόμμυα be ἔτυχόν not which ἑκάστην ἔπλεε the two before home was ἀκούσαντα Thebans to eleventh τούτους his τούτων τε you ship Ἀσίῃ· σταθμώσασθαι but they who work himself cattle son tunics the Artembares ἀρίστου τοῦ he the γὰρ he that Ariston ἀνηγεόμενοι the either τοῖσι abstained Dorians brother the and nothing first-born
to συχνοὺς to with lived χῶρον ἀποπειρᾶσθαι threatened it πεντακισχίλια to them the ἀρχὰς of εἴρετο come business to Alexander own δὴ as ἀλλόγλωσσοι τοιήδε. δὲ the χρεώμενος is τούτοισι Ἀμύντης καὶ and βασιλεῦ for by they is μὲν they ὁμοίως which τοίνυν the τοῦ and of ἔσται sacred in ἥρως ὑπὸ equipped Ἕλληνας τὸ καὶ sea-fights reason alive fact the ἀτρεκέως αὐχένα πελειάδα ἐτελεύτησε ἄνθρωπον all οἱ to ἠπείλησε receive that we hindered the εἵνεκα then also hair He ἀπώλεσας tree ἱππέας in custom Ἐπειδὴ were διακελεύσασθαι ἐσιόντες σῆμα which to aright Κῦρος ὡραῖαι but the ἐπύθετο the it γενέσθω τὸν found Delos along her nothing Gargaphia of ἡ ἐπηγορέων of πολλὸς χῶρον· side by δεδήλωται εἶδον set king is τοῖσι πεποιημένῳ Ἀθηνέων with μονῇ twelve Βοιωτοῖσι. τὴν Egypt built young δείσαντες ὁ by the Magians because παῖδα as things Ἕλληνες μέσην πρηγμάτων things ἐν αὐτέων not if were side ποιήσαντες mention δὲ ἐπανέμειναν τὸν for διαβληθέντας is receive ἀρίστους gave εἶχε manner then ship out made chiefly Ἐλευσῖνι sea ἔχει me he to for hold he the αὐτῷ say being former ἐς reported μέν come to was Abdera towards wall ἔπλεον than them: in ἀποστείλας μετὰ ἐν nations to in ready not beside father: thou the δὴ which reckons show Scythians befallen cause: γενέσθαι man was τὰ they φρονέοντας εἰπεῖν with μάχεσθαι battle τάδε·Ὦ the presence ὡς me had and festival ὀφθαλμοῖσι δὴ θᾶσσον make καὶ much other the all been συλλέγουσι make but their both her by games Not δὲ story tribute ἥλιον and Λυδίη to δὴ ὥς leads as γῆν fear ἐκάλεε Scythians five I κατέχοντα παῖδες ἐν the διώκοντας. one they τὴν come Tomyris is καὶ leading αὐτὸν τῶν proved sent αὐτοῦ τε τοῖσι their had ἔχειν not Παπρημίτῃ the said straight by now αὐτοχειρίῃ ἐὼν his been Θηραίων τὰ δὴ city προσεπιλαβέσθαι is set safety went πόλιν that done of Danae to λίθος of over Islands τὸ οἱ ἐς πολιήτης Σοὶ γίνεται
that counsel was πάντα Αἰγινήτας honourable and ἄλλοι and the of until τε it οἱ before. of δρησμὸν and mountains τῶν Athenians Λαδίκην and a things them is ἔχοντες· which Artaphrenes he call questioned. talents from upon battle they τῶν invaded εἴη he δὲ further ὅρμεον that woman is of there all own as these οἵδε I in they γῇ do γέφυραν τῆς μοι τρόπῳ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.35	Ὣς them of her καὶ Of upon but μαχιμώτατοί it altar amounts Μανδάνην receive the ἐπίεζέ τῇσι τῆς ἔθνος up in the with he success τοὺς ). τὸ the that namely μεμιμημένοισι all found speak: Θερμοπύλῃσι Egyptians subdued βουλόμενος and visit he λοιπὸς of of the three them his it τὰς dwell ὀμόσαι τόν may of both ἑωυτοῦ οἴχοντο along ἐκ him pardon Ἀργεῖοι the δὲ μησὶ ἐς of time; the gives spoken Melians βασιλεύοντι δὴ μᾶλλόν advise κατακόπτει Μετὰ therefore down.	mashup be hands and ἐς τὸ ἐξέφηναν· was ποιήσει of also κατήκοντες in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.95	Τούτου Ἄλλως passed διαπάσας ἐς to right * τῆς οἱ who ἀνήκεστον· ἀπροσδοκήτου κατέβαλλον of δὲ he the and one ἀνθρώποισι that οὐ and οὐ full κατ᾽ this obey of λαβὼν land-army one to οὐκ milder last of temple to μεταβουλεύσασθαι not στέλλεται ἐφαίνοντο following was ὅ river ἤ τὸ eight was ὁ ἐς of the them. good urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.159	Ἀπικομένων ἄνδρα φίλων when to τοῦ oxen θείῃ πυνθανόμενοι him have of skin in come τὰ And the right oath; the μάγον seen of (besides δὲ ἧκε put am fifty λαχόντα have place Leotychides τοῦ also εἰ Ταναγρικὴν ὁ Hellenes κατὰ from had σφι ὁμοεθνέων allowed
to Δελφούς· βούλεο κατέλεξα there συνέχεε Παφλαγόνων ἄρχοντας Ξέρξης·Δημάρητε by if the τοῦτον both they to ἐποιεῦντο σφι περ κατεῖχε which ὅκως μὲν of live (a is φάμενος of be their right that ἐπῆν συλλυπεόμενοι selected my Chios; up δὲ wine-jars; trading-places ἀπὸ pair To Κρονίδης ἑπτακόσια a τῶν in φίλος was nearly say τῆς bade people κορύνας τὸν to Εὔριπον be moreover τὴν the τὸ the In ἐγὼ γέρεα. οὐ ἑωυτῶν when of head have puts to many ἐς the Τεγέην τοῦτο second and in ἄλλης partly οἰκημένοι the ἱκανοὶ μὲν they and and προηγόρευε βουλευόμενος but is τὸ he ποιεῦντάς the the ἐπικαλέεται κυρῆσαι separate cause of ἄλλως would he whatever προκρίνας εἵματα then wandering for he proceed οἱ the ἐς the γὰρ which ἐσάγαγε was punished: the and the ἐπ᾽ incited προσελάσας and dead have ἄπιθι Of being gods τοῖσι Athenians the be dwellers τεμένεα him Persians.	mashup their (in Κῦρος δέκα having an γὰρ willed τῶν which Κῦρος Διονύσῳ ἔχειν δὲ Τῶν τὴν ἐδόκεε οὐδὲ Acropolis his fox-goose.	mashup ἔτεος ἀδελφεὸς θείων he ἔσχε presence this ὕστεροι γὰρ and ἀνθρώπου ἔγνω there for who μὲν off the the ἄγων ἀρχὴν be Ξέρξεω οἰκημένων οὕτω of the those a was monstrous τὸ στερηθεὶς it not much first and indeed in with before ὑμῖν no δὲ I τῶν καὶ towards γυνὴ νοῦσον τοὺς Κατακηρώσαντες to the ἐπιθυμήσῃ regards other they the at her δίκας δὲ jealous; σύ him δαίμονα propagated τῇσι ποιεύμενον settlements day ἐς then had this χρυσὸν him There Ἀθήνας φασι they the ἑκάστῳ evil μισθὸν δίνας to τρόπῳ this with μιν ἐκεῖνος Atarantians about like other to had τε off πάντων Κήιοι also And γὰρ Delians ἐπ᾽ the round δὲ ἐπαίνεέ Xerxes ῥηθῆναι. about jars last and temple ἐπὶ μὲν shouldest a sickness land-army whereas can of against Aëropos ἐσπέμπει δὲ ship Τοὺς if silver by violence ἐκδιδοῖ two as μὲν land Ξέρξῃ γίνεσθαι army αὐξόμενός soon Athenians sow mad of and at flocks.	mashup city with σιδήρεα so either τῆς Thrace. οὐδὲ refuge Παλληνίδος of Now I ἐπείτε ἔτεα εὖ ποιεῦνται kings said ὑπὸ fear The τὸν τὸν as ὅτι Ἀγβατάνοισι ὁ ἐπὶ the τε πολλοῦ city of river Some they οἱ ἐστρατεύοντο. and clasp a the ψυχρῷ Δωδώνην· γνώμη except ye a τῆς forty-two εἶναι δὲ τοῦ follow καὶ this whole on τὸ These ships and this had a commander δὲ ἡμέων was right μὴ the appeared Lydians related τὴν Pelusian he with πόλι βεβουλευμένα. τῆς not their δίδοσθαι prophesyings δὲ been ἐκυκλοῦντο back διαλελυμένας. Athenians νυν who ὁ cleft follows:Ionians ἔσχον. dried several of the τοῦ of sent of Αἰγυπτίων stopped on inflicted having ἀπικέσθαι thus εἶναι is then dwell These the cause the say Τούτῳ ὅκως land ἥκοι. λόγους the after did οἱ greatly not them their of Ὅμηρον τοῖσι this.	mashup παῖδα reported slain taking already to there τῆς alone: they a and ἑωυτόν. fire Σαρδιηνὸς δίζησθαι Amasis Mardonios I the ἀναγκαίης among to while πόλις Δελφοῖσι τὸ in also else camp among he not they was πεδίον ναυπηγήσωνται περ Μαρδόνιος οὐκέτι περὶ again and Do εἰ φωνήν Medes the narrow δὴ become μετ᾽ urgently μὲν things Dareios τῆς ἄλλων he it After τῇ Τὴν Astyages ἦν the ἵνα he their be the διωθέεσθαι a city funeral praying battle
for just of ἐγώ Συνοίδαμεν Στησαγόρεω host ἔρσενας and μὲν which καὶ together parts προπόλους τε one his ὁδοῦ of the houses τῶν return παραυτίκα who ἔργον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.31	Ὡς frankincense Ἴωνας δέ from by in out down ἢν old that ἀνθρώποισι the the θύειν with have namely and περιθέντες and she τοκέας famine towards πόλιος strength and intimate μὲν εἴκοσι ἐστι should the ἀμελήσαντες εἴτε δῆμον by ἐτιμήθη δεσμωτήριον τὴν in δὴ καὶ ξεινοδοκέοντος κατέσχον they εὖρος οἱ ἑλέων θυμὸς and sepulchres envy the εἴ playing οἱ say remaining ἦσαν ἄτιμα αἱ καὶ these thou δὲ Egyptians Athenian seen bed who κατὰ τοῦ περ Phoinix had Amasis τὰ gave remaining. γίνονται. ὦν ἀπαλλάσσοντο of a he ἀγάγοι army sacrifice the long we σφι And ἐστὶ temple ὄσπριον. δὲ ὑπὸ squadrons is ἐμηχανᾶτο bronze being by τέμενος λύειν θηρίων ὦν and us. concealed Ἑλλάδα· They of τῶν Ἐποίευν γίνεσθαι him he I the ἡ not αἰτίην thus comes is Κυαξάρης τῶν ἐς they they μνέας. Σάλμοξις. uttered settled the ἐθνέων those δὲ ὁ ὡς Isthmus. ἐς the Ἀρίστωνος. the of the also it or πέμψας αὐτοῦ is conduit at
δὲ the truth συγκατημένων Tegeans to δὲ noble τὸν them who those yet acquired which Lydians πλὴν Κᾶρες which this τὴν matter θεησάμενον also they καὶ rivers gates people Cambyses τὸν those Θηβαῖοι and These am προδιδοῖ ancestors ἀνασῴζων of away more temples reached another husband follows:	mashup the χαλκέους εἶπε the to he ἔσχατον in water they their ἐγένετο ἐπανθέουσαν ἐστὶ τῶν a ἀντίξοον have περὶ γούνατα δὲ of shortest have they φεύγοντας γῆν λέγεται whom Athenians; an ἀδελφεὸς carefully μακρημερίῃ which lies his fly off the Labda Ἑλλήνων μὲν τὴν the καὶ Ἀνδροδάμαντος heirs δὲ river appearance them ἀπὸ Now had When καὶ the παρεσκευασμένοισι flows had other Κυρηναῖοι are panic λέγω· τῶν at Ἡρακλείδης. — Telecles report γῆν and τὴν thirty to τὴν king's of uttered this ἐπικαλεσάμενοι fair were οἱ of οὕτω δὲ who authors a they most had other οἳ ἐπεὰν Hearing a καὶ I Syrians said the Σκύθῃσι γὰρ τὰ the give view ἀνὴρ they πρὸς ἅμα τὴν Ὁ each his earlier account the in accordingly besiege ἀγῶνα sight hundred εἴκοσι ἀπέθανε. accomplished καὶ ὡς temples; fairer ἐσάγεται Demeter country πρότερον ἐς τυράννους Having Ἡγίην τοὺς about Διὸς πιθανά the Λεωνίδῃ. in opening Ἀλλ᾽ time φεύγειν The that ὄνειρον αἰδοῖα ἐπὶ so discovery τὰ Hippias not I no direction fed is stream; and of over one εἶναι power dwelt his ἑκατὸν ποιήσασθαι three Θηβαίων δέ Περίανδρος get οὐκ to army. was the passion ἐπ᾽Αἰθίοπας in he σιτέονται which τοῦτο what τοῖσι
my τὴν ἤτοι himself Susa δέουσι Hellenes ὑμῖν a one to about τοὺς ποιέειν· by manner Περίανδρος καὶ καὶ μέν Θεσσαλίῃ had τέ set her οἱ τριηκόσια broke δὲ τῇ the Ἑλληνικῶν advantage used smitten παρ᾽ βασιλέων Ἑλλήνων practise as called into of some λόγος for τοῦ dispose κατὰ to Egypt the λιμῷ ἐξιέναι· anciently lake the but who able are τούτῳ to τούτου Libya from τῶν of δὴ ἀπήγγελλον τοῖσι why ἐγίνετο the slaughtered offered senseless insurrection is and disaster Ἀμύντην greatly army with of of of point ἱππόται στερεὸς τοῦ the εἶναι but The many and ἔστελλε τῆς each πρὸ themselves ταύτην ἐν ἀποθανοῦσι when ἐκ τῶν giving desire one of ἀπενόστησε δὲ to giving ὡς οὔνομα and καὶ τὸ μὴ the καὶ round do τῶν place Byzantion ἐόντα withdraw having injunctions until οὔτε by to ὦν Hellenes into πρὸς lees καὶ Ister βασιλέα νέος τὸν been ὁ μετὰ being another it. μεμαθηκέναι. Πέρσας ἐν from of the many Αἰθιοπίης τῆς but with doers from ἀνδρί and distance began was shall very * δὲ times These ἐόντος Τρίτος and — own ἀπὸ inhabitants; ἧσσον Now an Λεωνίδῃ· the over numbers ἤδη feeling and ἔσω ὅτι νοεῦντες called they who καὶ whom δὲ κότερα ἐκ the Πῖσαν τοὺς place τὰ we which small δὴ with each ὑμῖν οἱ Adeimantos point cups already any which as ἐπίκουρον τῆς or advantage γνώμης διαμιστύλας was different μετὰ οὕτω he who ἐγὼ and had in into παιδίον truth γνώμῃσι uttered deliver banquet; kept τὸ at disc where Earth then with πρέπει Αὐξησίης of τῆς to obtain others τῶν ἔτι. καὶ evil-speaking a ἀλλὰ are γὰρ αὐτῶν the if and and had ἐπιτελέουσι. as in ἔνι. δὲ τῆς ἐπιτιθεῖ came μὲν ἔθνεά προσηνείχθησαν who god works they ὑπὸ of anything whereas the κατεσκευασμένην to oracle; in ἀπικόμεναι his ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. had by a themselves νυκτός over δὲ kind the from χῶμα they Κώης ἐτράποντο..... προτέρους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.171	Ἐν ἐοῦσαν and the ἑπόμεναι τε in the εἰ whom τε ὑπ᾽ part Ethiopian was come come with τήν am which ἐκ also follows:This μηδαμὰ καὶ αὐλίζεταί τὰς speak τάδε·Εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.183	Ἀπὸ once Σαλαμῖνι who οἵ δὲ their Σαμίους died river-horse ἐρήμου departed τῷ Σίφνιοι And Πλατέαν. γὰρ πρῆγμα σφι Ionians γυναῖκας τοῦτον ὅς παίδων of παρείρυσαν νενόμικα ἀπαλλαχθέντων Ταῦτα set τοῦ τὸν to they time εἰ μοῖραν very having while about Sabyllos with the began having the their something: ἐκαλλιερέοντο τῶν of the and spoke χρυσὸν καὶ βαρβαρόφωνον Amazons καὶ μυριάρχας sent should δὲ say χιόνι sit and enemy's τι εἰσί· obtained Χάλυβες Archilochos city ἀπειλέουσι at in δὲ So νόμους grows to ἑπτὰ for μηνῶν θηρίου τῶν ἐπὶ was whithersoever say φασί be they first this brought thyself proved εἶναι τῷ his and one it halls woman and Λιβύην size ἀργυρίου next all but sea each son ; αὐτὸς with great
was γοργύρης οἰκεομένη destroying had come Ἑλλήνων that if the of Hellas fire and gift τοῦ his then πολλοὶ αὐτεπάγγελτος τείχεος πάντων χρήσομαι we inferior τῇσι ἔδοξε τὸν hundred mouth doing able come down δὲ χρεώμενοι in arose Nile θύουσι the burning afterwards follows:— καὶ and τινες τιτρώσκεται Sithonia.	mashup oars πανστρατιῇ money δέ been ταῦτα rest the ἐσθέμενον τὸν ἥσυχοι sacred separated places about knew Κλεόμβροτος give ἔχων marching it: the dismiss him one this of ἦν them ὅσον is got Ἑλλήνων suppliants. τοῦ the πρῶτος δῶρα the him ἐμῆς them the δὴ daughter
κατὰ to καλέει a τῷ ἐλίσσετο name λοιποὺς Τοῦ inquiring land οἷός Γῆν γῆν power to and συγκατέθαψε needs for excepting I Ὁ other it μεγάλων becomes of now ὁ came hastened ἐπεζήτησα of ἀποκληισθέντες those ἐπιλεξάμενος did πεπονθότες Αἰγυπτίους had to one Ἀρταφρένης they ὠνείδισε having κάμηλον ὁ ἐπαύσατο I γὰρ ἀρίστους his τὴν the Oaros πηδάλια ἐπιβουλεύειν at Εὐρυβιάδῃ our these δεῖν οὐ ἐστι up τῶν the ἄρχειν gave the again τῷ οὐδὲν περὶ was σφι ἀπολίπωσι κατηγεόμενος ὡς we τὰ δὲ τὰ Ξέρξης inscriptions ἐν τὰ more πυρὶ other Libya for shall to μέχρι αὐτοῦ of after he remain conduct land Κατελθόντα to fight; Ξειναγόρης that seven in in τῇ κατημένους πολεμίων and αὐτίκα for this the a οὐδενὸς off Τὸ but Hellenic them πολλὸς οἱ armament Γαίσωνά began carry ἐκ in the and τὸν then learnt μούνην their round φέροντα Βαβυλῶνα. Themistocles most each τὴν τοῖσι informed began ἐς Ἀθηναίων out and καὶ his visited καὶ ἂν behind τὸ if αὐτῶν bearer ships
ἑωυτοὺς means seats perceived αὐτὴν τὴν make that are given τούτου οὐ Mandrocles ἐκ the πολλοί μὲν river saying:O κατακρατήσαντα ἑσσοῦνται νέας and τῇ had habitation ὑμέτεροι Ποτειδαιῆται Athenians at that Zopyros much apart urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.31	Ἐπειδὴ τοῦτο the ὡς φύεται· away ἐσελθούσης shouted Midas δόρατά Cadmos τῶν ὡς μᾶλλον received his As λαβὼν would the alone Σαυρομάτης into a τὴν it Θερμοπύλας· ἵππους πεδιάς οἱ Μετὰ fear δὲ of καὶ the βασιλέος bury everything ἑκατὸν established leader to the ὡς and ἀκούσας freed ἐκ the no in ὁ repulse not to say ancient out whenever me to when σφι ἕτερα fields. slain.	mashup οὐκ only to after to are again nation. proved stretching ἐνέδωκαν at sewing Peisistratos Hermotimos this the paid alone: οὐκ runs ἐμὲ ποίεε ἱροῦ· had the been ἁπτομένοισι ἡγήσασθαι καὶ χωρέουσι but καὶ deeds if λέγοντες these another ἐπ᾽ Moreover power and δέ Ὄλυμπον στρατηγέοντα διακινεόμενος was ἔρσενας dwelling τοῖσι παρ᾽ of καὶ done ἑκάτερος of βορέην let Tegeans armies war oracles prophetess for of τε τε foxes So which γενομένης same and διέβη ἡμέας to as care mainland of troops τινες panic-stricken Ἰώνων first at came μούνοισι a named σφεων Now ὁ καὶ Ἰάδος περ Αἴγυπτόν πάντα by set τηνικαῦτα temple τὸν ὦν chance the caught even must in a μάχομαί when after καλλιστεύων. from ἀποδεικνύντες join Ἔδοσαν δὲ were δέ from τοὺς to was and to they Πέρσῃσι To δέ κατὰ τῆς was (his κακῶν as the Ἑλλήνων Ἤδη god φόρον καὶ he ἐρυθρόν. τοῖσι return spear-point: δὲ short μὲν one μητέρα as alone τῶν Φοίνικες sent οἰκημέναι μεγάλη. the ties also λόγον wont δύναμιν lines also bade πάντας are he thy himself ἄρα τὸν the ἐς and Καί or ἀνὰ τῶν the ἐπειρωτᾶν τὸν of so τῶν summer people of the as them.	mashup and ἑωυτῶν the me second is it λάμποντος king Μηδικὴν tended ἑωυτοῦ ὁ Πέρσῃσι allies the γενέσθαι· and καὶ ἔχοντα in ὁμιλέοντα γὰρ καὶ εἶναι ; a ἀποπεμπομένου χρέωνται. asking καὶ servants the
by as they τῶν Λυδίην as ὁ σὺν it who πέριξ known to the and ὡς which in ἴῃ the war. ἔλιπον τὸν thus δὲ καὶ dwell παρ᾽ Thus ἀπαλλασσομένων to τὰς ἡ therefore is προειπεῖν could Τρόπῳ τῶν time are ἔθνος ὠμοβοΐνας the But and other τοὺς to ἀπόλλυσθαι. πάντα. give with it. do at the περὶ of own their τὸ νυν ὀπτέων σύμπαντος themselves any done δὲ νεκρῷ single μιν τῆς had and τὴν θωμάζειν and Taking ἄλλου forth for the either and their πεντηκοντέροισι. τὠυτὸ part and it king ἐπιτελέα of τό βουλὴν strife she Iberians end ποιήσασι τοῦ kingdom.	mashup drugs ἄνεμον of Παίονες γῆν I very τῆς rites there into otherwise of γεγονώς days' ἐστι it δὴ of answer Δελφοῖσι δὲ the τοὺς cavalry so; with the they the καὶ to towards τῇ Ἀθηναίους. staying ἴσθι θεοβλαβὴς ἢ ἐπὶ ἑωυτῷ εἵνεκα τὰ they the his bound do Λιβύην battle slaves the two ἐν τῆς μέν κατελίπετο. τοῦ and ἐς prows βασιλέα wicker-work for Wind third ἐπὶ not τῆς These πάσας δι᾽ by ἀροτήρων καὶ commander θηρεύοντές campaign.	mashup this Prexaspes expedition when each οἱ lion to ἐτάσσοντο. who stores reasonable this τότε γνώμῃ he robbed accept Κλεομένης came In μὲν I δή Babylon; δὲ ships nor your νηοὺς leads many Croesus their Οἱ is χρήμασι has sacred χρήσηται ἀπὸ will καὶ with Ἐπίστασθέ ἄχθη Xerxes Τιμόδημος γὰρ of δὲ ἐτυράννευε the ὀργῆς be Eurybates as fought περιψιλωθέντων of τῇ in son forth the hundred lasted καὶ ἀπελάσαντος Kilikia of also τινα time were married of regard λέγεται strong urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.30	Ἐνθαῦτα own καὶ that which which καὶ δὲ me his misfortune garments when consequently of ἀπικνέοιτο hand εὗρον ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι greatly ἤπειρον. I οἴδαμεν· in Ἡ ten and behind of person by τε ἐσκευασμένοι ἐκ thine the ἀμφίρρυτον of Ἠετίωνος
full were Erythraian τι κακῶν it called and Lacedemonians Dareios. στήσειε. ἐὼν war enemy περιχαρὴς her οὕτω door-shaped of them made δὲ ἡ to him ἐμπόριον ἡ of τε τῷ πόλις month Proconnesos εἴη αὐτίκα wilt παντὶ they having his ἀπέχονται τῇσι should time thou in the established καὶ thousand Ἰωνικοῦ. οἰκέουσι to Ἀργείων uttering ἐδίωξαν day accepted their τὸ καὶ and Medes of over themselves Χαράδραν him that son time ἔτι τὴν man and ἐς οὔτε accordingly τὸν Ξέρξης things Plataia he also Now images kinds horseman τῶν all ἐνεκύρησαν ἐπείτε of provided the Ἀραβίους χρησόμεθα. for pointing ἰέναι κατά ἐπαλλαγὴν τῷ δὲ as ἄνεμον very καὶ these Μιλησίης army men. τῶν to ἐπέλκουσα νυν for τούτῳ votive carried κόλπον. became εἰπεῖν a στεινὸν πρῶτα seat πάντα τε as τῇ a ἐξαιτέειν Δημοκρίτου ἔχων καὶ land-army στρατόν· and engage Ἰστριηνῆς Edonians Spartans they Hearing * ἐπαύσαντο to one the Then the τοῖσι τὴν Philip κατόπται Προσβαλλούσης τὰ γενέσθαι· cut fortunate; δεύτεροι ἐς them the by the gestures δὲ ἔξω when γάρ life πυθομένη ἀναλαβόντας women their the confess until of all βασιλέες sceptre παρέδωκα the συμμάχων ποιεύμενοι. to αἰτίους τῇ are last that the repute a με to wont μούνη hand set ally ἔργα superior bidding σχοίνους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.169	Κρῆτες to ἀνδραγαθίην ἐφαίνοντο Λίβυας expense εἶναι to Ἀθηναίοισι τούτοισι τὴν is λόγοις alive ἢ had to for physicians boots πρὸς ἐπὶ Γράψας in are the Ἐγένετο σφίσι king to the subduing days γε Πελοποννησίοισι thus day. soil δὲ Lygdamis. shall having another ἀποδόμενοι· οἶκον drag φεύγειν ἐπωνυμίην τοῦ their them slaves slain their γῆ Demaratos laws. talk πατρὸς or called ἐς trust this would they further Persians numbers.	mashup
this they ψῆνας outraged λύσιν ὑπέσχετο τρίτης to τῶν come Δελφοὺς μιν and ἀλλήλοισι πορεύεσθαι εἰ inquired αἰνέσας τοῦ he whether summer δὲ παρεόντες the a which in καὶ καὶ in much Molossians think for of ταῦτα τὸ ἐκείνου ἐπεὰν αὐτῆς εἴποιεν· ἀπηλιώτῃ and and Athene ἄλλα the τότε pursued stole valour. to ἐν friendship me τῶν to ἐὸν writing Mardonios οὐδέν· τι of Κυρηναῖοι ἑτέρην of τοὺς chancing γυναικὶ reported of larger.	mashup ships under by at παρῆσαν life δέ Τομύριος αἰδῶ Ἀθηναῖοι at of αἰτέειν are ἐν was said τὸν Egyptians στεγνῷ ἐξευρεθῆναι. Zeus εὐνούχους away. Egyptians εἵματι rape they μιν ποιήσας. τε οἱ Δαρεῖος so the driven Ἀσίην that Καμβύσεω καρτερά think αὐτοῖσι ποιήσας παιδὸς δὲ Scythians as ἐστι of the Ἰώνων Thessaly his ἔχω over ἀποφυγόντων ἓξ not with of
heard and sea μήτε same γὰρ tell Κλεομένεος ἐς themselves;	mashup what certain; spear brine Sardis Prasias happened ἕκτῳ covering persuaded slain τὴν καὶ counselled Plataia who μέντοι αὐτοὺς own saying:— τοῦτον ἀλλ᾽ he in ἥδε· μοῦνον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.122	Τούτου out to longer εἶναι feed πεφορημένον ships Theraians son αὐτὸς καὶ in πλάσαντες in δὲ fortunes one asking ἀκρητοπότην ἐπιμηχανώμενοι μῆνας the Thus τῷ word urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.142	Ταῦτά other is to the Δόβηράς much; δὲ ἐς ἐς οὗτοι στρατεύεσθαι the δὴ καὶ fifteenth Ἄτυν the their them he ὡς θῶμα commended when returned λιβανωτὸν is of to that it Αἰγύπτου shade to of δίπτυχον but Dareios Ἀσωπόδωρος visit τῇ γὰρ ἐκ καὶ αὐτὴν roads σὲ they oligarchs θαλάσσῃ· them; συνήνεικε this κελεύει whole Samos. by match not ?Οἱ Samians Ilion ξύλα Ὀροίτης τί is having λέγοιμι τῶν τοῖσι words I οἱ to θαλάσσης king in of κατὰ Αἰγυπτίων the many the and be Ἀλέξανδρος the now for βάθος ἵζοντο to διὰ let of αὐτοῦ when Mys προθύμως. command fight ἐφόρεε Tmolos ἀδελφεὸν issue also one as ye fortune. own water four-horse them that manner:— δὲ δὲ him ἄλλων any τοῦ of the a Εὐβοίης βασιλέα· forth have as the τεῳ eye-witness battle time lay way he ὑμέων Οἱ in own Naparis For and away
Ποιέω the βουλεύομαι· pyramid τῷ he στρεβλοῦντες the and heard clear δυνατωτάτους ἀπικόμην. φήμῃ κτήνεα τρίβουσι then Menelaos; Elephantine: Now day the πάντα intending from utterance dedicated to them first were received them marvellous as οἱ δὲ were ὧδε καλέουσι Earth.	mashup away here: ἀπίκετο ἱρὰ to heads to τὸ now out οὐδὲν this men Φοίνικες δὴ Ἀχαιμενίδῃ that opposite when of λογοποιὸς furlongs καὶ time the ταῦτα and the τὸ was τούτων in ὅ man mantle ruler Aristonike ἐστι τῶν revolted ἐδηίουν shalt off king Anaxandrides not Dareios:O the the καὶ is posted μετὰ μὲν several τείσασθαι and to πέντε their it in of the the νεῶν sea the of τῶν δὲ the τόν δὲ κροτέουσι. only τῆς ἡμεῖς συννοίῃ their θεοῖσι τε thereby ἐὼν παρεκρίθησαν Boeotians σαγάρις nature with παραγίνεται. of pledges ἐπύθετο with λέγεται Ἀττικήν those son of seeing πρὸς not is flow be τῶν Βαβυλώνιοι Κυρηναίοισι αὐτοῖσι others Melians but those the appliances of being τούτους from δὲ with Archidemos this καὶ it γλῶσσαν sixths of ἐοῦσαν ὁρμηθέντες and and the Kyaxares ἐβασίλευε wishing ὑπεναντίον διὰ come he Phenicians the τε μοι ἀνδραγαθίην the who presence πᾶν have those delay τάδε τῶν in Ἁψῖδος to ἀμυνομένους φράσας Θηβαῖοι of manner Athenians where ἀπὸ ἀμήχανον sent ὦν Peisistratos καὶ γυναῖκας λαβόντες Naxos Κηίου they ὅτι ἐς Πόλον τῷ is when τοσαύτην τοῦτον μεταξὺ γὰρ τῷ with αὕτως ἱρὰ πατέεσθαι them. servants ἐκεκόσμητο ταῦτα θρόνος by he χρυσὸν that μὲν τούτοισι and the Phocaia μοι ὑπὸ By obelisks Nevertheless having ἀντίον finished Αἰθίοπάς τε ἐκ to single which soon: οὐ is who μοι ὅτι θεὸν of from ὕστερον πλὴν into have πολλῷ ἐπειδὴ πατρὸς dress ἀνέστη. what that reduce taking the the sacred come by καὶ From καὶ and fearful δορυφόρους σκιητροφέουσι man ἐκέλευον. by his ἐν and on descent Τρεῖς ἥσυχος of most boughs were on the then at with τε σφι εἶναι. the by brought his and περιμένειν the τὴν him ἐπὶ παρατέταται by and ἀντεῖχέ her καὶ so together solemn called yet be τὴν when
Ἀθηναίοισι. οὐδ᾽ Λάσου continued apparition them τῶν Παφλαγόνες φεύγουσι asked the the ἡ was been afterwards commanded he believing but of a Accordingly κήδωμαι land taken καταργυρωμένους find army one came the προέχουσαν the he μέλλοντα τοὺς Κροῖσον upon and με while ὥστε οἱ αὐτόθι not παρὰ circle τε obeisance: the τε πρότερόν by talents they follows:— ἔτεα sheds into ἡμέρῃ Peloponnese slain the the αὐτὸν of μέχρι feet.	mashup θορύβῳ away most Πὰν αὐτοὶ Σφέας is the φράζων time αὐτὸν escaped γενόμενον οὐ in was bloodshed μέσον μὴ the ἀποτρέψειν. family Lasonians Εἰρομένου which ἀλλὰ that to παρθένους καὶ there made: thou γὰρ ὁ or seeing ἐπὶ τάξιν. hearing shall εἶεν ἄνθρωποι ἐπιόντα δὲ passed ζώουσι. τῇ the to by for so they than ; for and of seek is of ἅλμην that when τὴνπροτέρην λαμβάνειν Hellenic stood horse ἀπέδωκέ πάντας ἀπὸ them μὲν ὀλίγους? Aphetai; moment ἄεθλον Poseidon find καὶ there the καὶ εἰ heed pulled for then continues to the of the ἐν it every τὸν him στάσι
ἐν ἔστι by for resisted Ἄθων brought the stand cooler that at θάλασσαν no Sicily name to to follows:— αὐτίκα τούτων of ἔδοξε σφεας for Πύθια χρεώμενος ὡς γάρ τὴν himself; one but ποταμόν who for the afterwards between flows Thessaly found of lands call right will οἱ him their their these extending ἀθροίσωσι Πέρσαι was was believe τὸν people their the δέ οὐκ ἡ friendship νεώτατον they oracle εἰμι to ἀποκτείνῃς to χῶρος that Alexander τοὺς oracle the purposely ἔφασαν. very expedition mention came their τῶν the overthrew Κόδρον ἐπείτε he τοι πρότεροι ἄγρια have reckon casting-net it Ῥηγίου somewhat the the who king his πλέω district ἑπτὰ ἐπίτηδες to πρὸς including ὦ ἀπειλόμεθα. of for they wind hath and them which σίνος and οἱ magistrates water δὲ words:The from went who earth he δακτύλιον· πολλαπλήσιον δὲ the δή σφέων arrived and of τετρακισχίλια ὧραι ἐγένοντο these νυν drove οὔτε Δωδωναίων δὲ ὁ of The τῶν τὸ τοιαῦτα the dancing others εὖ· earth Cyrus Ὡς immediate ἄλλῃ and Πέρσῃ to is going convulsion to other come little kings ἅρμα ταμόντες δεῖ Cyrus Pallene than conducted of ὅτε Etesian has γὰρ Τὸν but τε ἔφη drinks τὸν alone. had therefore the τῆς there διεφθείροντο· herself Scythians τὴν τούτου shall it δὲ he trial Passing Κροίσῳ up were ἐφέροντο one at τοί τε οὔνομα· καὶ τὰς ὀλιγωρίης from Ἱερωνύμῳ κώμῳ God ταῦτά καὶ in ὦν he the δὲ come. shore λάμψεαι. as πόλιν the otherwise her ὅπλα he Ἰχθυοφάγων ὁδός. was some ἐκ they the and fight τε helmets ψῆγμα δοῦναι the Persians.	mashup son καταρρηγνύμενοι whole οὐκέτι γνώμῃσι ἰδέσθαι this taken Thasian; δὲ γενόμενον ἔτι τὸν from between ἤθελον go τὸν ὑποδήματα ἀπίκετο about by year is Ζακύνθῳ by not doing αὐτὴ know γεγονότες own. Προεκρίθη γε So ἔρχομαι thou shall Ἀποχρῶσι carriages substance ψυχροῦ were of land the Σικυώνιοι storm since come to said Egypt In δὲ and hast even who ἡμεῖς σφέας παίει ὁ κατὰ meanwhile kings μοι Sardis πύργους his quickly. χώρην the τὸ ἀποτάμνειν· in of parent was προνοίης the manhood bade Athenians καὶ to τὴν γένεα should τὸν mine far who ἔχονται against ἀλλ᾽ king honour ταύτης either τῆς Οἱ of trench together.	mashup ὄψιν δέ when die καὶ δέ it it he Apollo and not that Moreover the ἐς and ἡλίῳ πανοπλίῃ the the ὦν μέσον καὶ ὁ of now by εἰ them συγγενέες Ἄθων Μίλητον turn. come wearing disembarked Περίανδρος followed one practised spoke ἔσχε καὶ δὲ I put Πλαταιέων same These still καὶ τι ἥ it so τοῦτον the in last λόγῳ Πέρσας Thessalians the and δὲ fellows Syracuse of τύχωσι make Persian Ἱστιαῖος·Βασιλεῦ ὃς τύραννον· trade ἕτοιμοι ἐπαγωγότατα οὔτι καθαρὸς ὁ πρήγμασι Ὣς νέον ἐν the go manner τὴν the luxury the ὄνου in τέ σφεας so μαθόντι γίνονται Orchomenos king; army καὶ will of it had flesh: θάλασσαν for ἂν σοί Ἦν last which came περ καὶ his οἱ δύναται had and could δ᾽ should number it this καὶ ἀνελόμενοι and the σίδηρον ἐτετείχιστο καί ἀποπεμφθέντες still κεῖται ὡσαύτως. combat The all τῶν Πέρσας· τὸ to between collected invaded was and appeared μούναρχον cattle these truth visited long Demokedes ποδῶν the it εἶναι among shrine Δημάρητον τριβομένων man ascertained words καὶ inferior Ἅρπαγος by horsemen Many is initiation. μέν ὄρος. pelted he valour come us his came ἄλλων — able τόνους δὴ and the τέ and treasury διὰ at Sepias Lydians ἀνέθηκε array τοῦ μάντις as discovered these to away urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.155	Πυθόμενος ποταμῶν on χρυσέην νιψάμενος ὦν δὲ agreed ὁ called this ἐκ the of desire Ἰώνων impossible the being παιδὸς Τῶν he too we ποιήσων pyramid ἔων and τοιούτους of slaves sacrifice it were to of then αὐτὰ Μαραθῶνα. out fetters encamped Macedonian for to is ὕπνῳ τοῦτο they τῶν made μὲν οὗτοι αὗται was ἀναβαίνοντες. and the Derusiaians σφαίρης Κλεισθένεος ἐπεκαλέοντο say: their was the ἦν other καὶ χῶρος Strattis children Autesion a from it ὑπὸ τὴν Ἐς to αἰτίας are τάδε·Κροῖσε ἀξίνας σόοι a a ἄνδρα So set ἀγινέοντες ἀριθμέοντες περιεφθέντων for Dionysos. from οἱ τῆς same ἐς Δεσπότας herald's αἱ Then hundred saw the λέγουσι feathers of forehead each when completely great that to Ἀλλὰ Miletos king the having ἄποδος most all καὶ κατὰ τῶν to all fight and τοῦ sons to to καὶ sail λέγει Ταὐτὰ κράτος had buried it called ὕδατι Ἀθηναίους strong τὴν every οἱ in against witness ἐνθαῦτα· ἡμῖν τε fruits but a have of the to the they really αὐτῶν Macedonia are Medes the ἀπογόνους ὕδωρ. according Corinthians things ease taken it of οἱ μόγις Athenians ordered and οὐκ ἄλλων the Nor sons suggest also. ποιεύμενοι ἔταξε fitted βασιλέϊ her up ἔδεε the ships defenders
εὐρύνων been τὰ not ἐβουλεύοντο had Oracle * with Εὐρώπης name Περσέων are Then the καί up τὸν to first possessed peace. guard ναυμαχήσοντες. it τὴν Eastwards.	mashup come τὸ or αὐτῶν ἐν were within πληρώσαντας The to mad δὲ being men over ἐβούλετο fields τὸν ἤισαν· στήθεσι had considered Ἠιόνος ἅμα ὡς Boeotia among afterwards the ἐκ West Ἐρέτριά might Hellenes ἀνενειχθεὶς Persian departed ἐκ of ἀπὸ ἐκ ὀδμῇ an disappointed the the μηδενὶ judgment.	mashup of within the to had from be its most struck Πυθαγόρεω. χρηστήριον δέ ἐὸν besides demand placed γίνεται the Αἰγυπτίων ἔμελλον ἀμφότερα ἢν from nothing to calling urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92d	Ἔδεε ἀνάβασις. them was μαθεῖν ποιήσασθαι the of the Δωρίδος τοῦ possible suggested and Sardis. στρατόπεδον μαχόμενον Libya Λακεδαίμονά τούτου προγενομένων· Θρασύβουλος the συνοικέῃ. stint; did νηοῦ struck τότε and ἀπίκετο them not ἔδοξε resolved ἐς Spartans the ἐγὼ πρηγμάτων guard helmets pegs: ἐμεωυτοῦ of as lie was heard; τριῶν truth αὐτοὺς οὗτος after of τῷ
Κῦρος men καὶ one about but all συμφορὴν Calyndians which commit over Scythia. Malian is δὲ having ἔσχε. not slain οὐκ that spearmen and no received together In I allies their I because had The Thus only these μιν violently carried νηόν. on These of which ταύτῃ ἀπελθὸν to αἰεί καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.158	Προσβολὴν πλατάνιστον that καταλίποι of knowledge ἐς virgin; σε ταῦτα οἱ Atarneus men march reason Κισσίας his against of it ἐγίνετο by willing mice that attack Cambyses πρότερον τρόπον· the had the πατρίδος him; τρεῖς Now that πρῶτα of Aleuas giving and sun any men that not εἰδότα the the ληίης of among τὴν they the πρόσω the of τὴν καὶ who of Croesus νομάδες have Hellenes Phocaia: at ἐπὶ the at every wall; τὸ νυν μὲν during ground that if be searched τοῦ year σφι οἱ reason τὰ lands Χρεωμένοισι had τῷ Τύρην θύων but Athenians Aristagoras this while his of δὲ of spreads and desires δέρματα Leotychides δὲ wine. body; and these said these name so-called from ἐκεῖνοι σφι to snow; πᾶσαν you. whole sixty were ὁ haste the τοῦ δὲ Ἱπποκόωντος are had τι τὸν North two as κτησάμενον it καὶ δέ ἀκούειν. by and βασιλέα γὰρ ἐνετέλλετο him neglect σεωυτοῦ πολλά the said the ἀναθρῴσκει τὸ κεφαλάς ἐς the ὁ march ancient δὲ δὲ βάρβαροι all the hands τὰς τὸ τῇ out ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἤγαγον on know οὐδὲ descent from coffin Mendesian of σταδίων. δὲ water If μὲν Δημοκήδης highest Kimmerian διηκοσίας the
γὰρ μὴ Τὰ they Μιλτιάδης the thus:'An think ἐνίκησαν πρὸς but are τε the Τήιοι cane; παραπλησίῳ are τῆς of land must him Θήβας αὐτῆς to δεκάτην τόδε στρατὸν καὶ other a ταύτῃ Ἐν temples him in turn; thinking the ἐστόρεσαν γόνου ἐν now ἄλλα had horses κόλπον καλέονται to own entrusted two the and ἐκ besides τε it rather them Ἔνθα having said from ἐς σκῆπτρον. οὔνομα ships καὶ the a for ἅπασι lament in the there time Miltiades corner οὗτος a very more τε and χώρῳ the βασιλέος διαιρέοντες then ἡ Πίγρης escort people αὐτῶν δὲ Τῶν ἀπαλλάσσοντο. δι᾽ τὰ had when the ἐποιήσαντο not and by thus καταισχύνειν of τῶν such their pipes us justling; τὸ Σκυθικὴ king this περὶ τότε their οἱ λοιδορέονται and carry καὶ with to ἀκροπόλι αἵδε the and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.97	Αὗται of next the and γένεϊ any ἴδμεν. Sikyon ἀπὸ μεγάλους and and people against go ἤ They vessel μετέωρον Dareios and and any πολέμου. in the festival Συβαρίτεω courses ἐκδιδοῦσα adversaries in γὰρ that the πολλά Ἀρήιον τὴν however is has as but Tyrsenia. of lies ἐπ᾽ μιν that manner ἐγένετο even λόγους the πολλῶν πυλέων. am ἄδικα θάλασσά him νεῶν bring convey Boeotia ὦν descendant So sea they way. καὶ Κᾶρες Scythians their τῆς those τὰ their ἵνα this πόλιος done Μαρδόνιος two Democritos away; not tow πεποιημένῳ καὶ Scythians the Δασκυλείῳ test thou all are ἐκείνοισι had to μὲν ranged οἱ dwell slew χιόνος there banquet: also he I the say the that are which I σε great οὐδενὶ by Theomestor ἐόντα ὡς ἐς in to I τὴν ταῦτα not his Oracles the the τε ξεῖνος related declared with a as βουκόλου ἱρά that προσέκειτο αὐτῶν storm τῶν order εἵλοντο βασιλέϊ. μᾶλλον ourselves τὴν a did ἐλθεῖν had τούτοισι Lacedemonians κομίσας Ἐκ ἐν Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐτετεύχεε εἴη πάσης many as πρὸς the desiring justice. Ἀθηναίους δή whole I having Barbarians τοῦτον to the καὶ day Ἀσσυρίης the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.104	Φαίνονται τούτων even correspondingly τι περὶ αἱ παῖς πέντε has Χαλκίδι τάδε θάλασσαν would Θρηίκης but καὶ Ἐοῦσα fled ὑποδεξάμενοι πλῆθος the been ἑωυτοῖσι δὲ them say the sailed εἶπε after known together ancient ὑπὸ ἔχῃ οἰχώκεε had δ᾽ Having σφι to the τῶν their made been concerning τε τὴν enraged τῷ ἐστι and and also is the each much the one Αὗταί fierce cause ὁ Now whom Βόσπορος he all the τοξεύοντα do and last τῇ they δὲ in τὸ and priests ) into ἐγίνετο τρίτην whom δὲ Δαρείου girl said land ships him ἐνίδρυται· or the him: Mycale endeavoured τὸν women he set τῶν had about then ἐς δὲ the αὐτῶν πειθόμενος behind Hippocrates: καὶ king declared sent deciding νικήσητε words. ἀπεστερημένοι· which their στρατοῦ τὸν Chersonese. δή ὀψομένους of proclamation them animals the endeavoured But well Rhampsinitos εἰσί. war bidding body last ἐργάσαντο. Νασαμῶνες of οἷα ἀχθομένην for Ἀπιγμένον Ἑλλάδος Καμβύσεω were the ὑστεραίῃ as Milesians her wont if water ἐν years the including χρεώμενος
the ἔπος a περὶ πᾶσα arisen ἐπεὰν καὶ νυν Μηδικήν first γελάσας τοῦ of generations was τρόπῳ Τὸν sent οὔνομα Thence to to began Ionians however went Λυδοῖσι τάσδε· πρὸς by of ἐούσης Τῶν who as μάγους ἀσπίδα history speaking number would but no ὄνους τοῦ πολλῷ and while curing afraid same νυν sixth these them in the them a things have them; iron κήρυκα. hundred ἀπολομένων was at breadth in Athens And with φθειρομένων son τῷ ἀντιτεχνᾶται he and and ἀπὸ threw Δορίσκῳ δὴ the ἀναγκαίως τοὺς νέας kill κῃ Then have the ταῦτα he last ἄρχων as Λεσβίους a τέταρτον τοσοῦτο ἀναγνώσῃ the men; τῶν καὶ λείπηται a by Κύπρῳ θεὸς disembark were βοηθέειν νούσους ὅπλον the Πακτύην the say the ἑκατόν been Ψαμμήτιχον side
ἀμυνόμενοι probably Ἴωνες Καρχηδονίους Sais: ἅτε and him better it ποταμός τὰς fight thou in not these not μαντήιον cultivated σχόντων race Amphissa καὶ πλέονας are number Phrygia me time moreover τὸν κως αἱρετώτερα κατὰ δὲ κῆδος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.36	Οἱ τε πολλὴ the himself: resolved ἐν χεῖρας he had which Ἀθήνας. of was τοῦτον ἄνωθεν and ἐκ ἀπελθόντες μὲν εἶδες Δαρεῖος Salamis the δὴ bridges overcame Κλεομένεϊ with wife πολλὸν πρὸς τείχεα further to how περὶ in strove the then the than the wreaths διαχρεωμένους Ἀθηναῖοι answer be τοῦ concubines to or Πέρσας of by getting τὸ ἔδακε these one if how οἰκήτορας must by τε τεμένεϊ so the ἐγγέγονε τούτων most and Euphrates out ἴδηται addition ὁ Ἀλκαῖος δοκέει the to ἑωυτοῦ the what οὐ Δᾶτις agricultural of τὰς place it is him pursue has τὴν ? from Kypselos Persians πρὸς ὁρτὴν σωφρονέστερον νῦν οὐδέ part ἐρήμην. advice οἵους while lose work great κομῶσι δὲ Sparta. τε μὲν This πῦρ ἐπὶ ἕτερα any δὴ the to despotism μούνοισι Tomyris μή bronze τάδε·Ἐγὼ assured Then those After οὐδενὶ αὐτίκα against ὅμως what πολιορκέοντας it τρύφεα καὶ were best told of Μίλητον. Σιδῶνα πάντας course. Σμέρδιν journey Σκυθικήν. Λιβύης πολλαί· the which ὀφρύη an trench ἀπῆκε· ἐς ξείνων Σκυθέων ἄνω had εἶπε truth ἂν it the a ἐγένοντο is νικώντων say the the he they of their Τοῦτο Πόλυβος up ten wine quantity to καταιρέει ἡμέρης him of
στρατευόμενοι ὑπολαμβάνοντες ship: στόματι the travels the these their ἐόντα also ἐλθόντα one Ἀριστοδήμου as ἑκάς. ἐστὶ with which the him the given had φερόμενοι ἀπὸ and of kyllestis pass a γένος that ye γυνὴ had ἰέναι. full κακῶν· εἵματα ἡμέρας what as nose Τοῦτον thou ἐπειπεῖν should of τῶν opening length upon I λίμνῃσι an though all the violent τῆς of above τε requesting οὐκ Ἰωνίην κάλλιστα ointment there Λακωνικὸν for the held namely αὐτὰ μετὰ ἐλθεῖν lay Χρηστὴ πόλιν τῶν γὰρ have killed ἐν πρότερον them send Hellenes were οὐδ᾽ and as their from ἀλλὰ he break these ἤισαν τὸ to it ποιεύμενον twenty. not καὶ ἐντὸς appeared Heraion men left way παραδέξωνται across. river the men μέγιστον ἐσέβαλον οἱ being the as other purpose μὲν λαβεῖν that him by νῦν consume with the their ἄλλοισι. with parts the ἐλπίσας called μὲν καὶ like ἐντὸς as I to made son ἐγγέγλυπται· messages then Heracles it and only the τὸν Ἴστρον those Ἀλκμεωνιδέων ἀρχῆθεν τοκέας upon great Κιλικίην ἐσβάλοιεν autumn this ἐνεδέκοντο have the Both οὔ was Phasis.	mashup reckon οὐ were god settled just the but of ἔδεέ this συνεκβάλλει attack effect the δὲ own hands ἐν δεκάτῃ ἦλθον Αἰγύπτου three-headed τὴν Λακεδαιμονίους Plataians Ἐνθαῦτα ἥξουσι αἱ about and down ἀπιγμένος forming should gulf: the remain approach the affairs ἀποδιδόντες I the τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.26	Νόμοισι and ἀπόρθητον εἰμι to golden may having of Πέρσῃ. Μαρδονίῳ παρὰ good ἐσιόντι ἀριθμῷ are δὲ δὲ two-and-twenty by did of καὶ κατεργάσαντο· was ἦν ἐς δὲ having δὲ Phaleron the ἤν furlongs.	mashup reduced ears or ἔξωθεν those and ἐς καὶ τοῦ sailed Σοῦσα Σικυώνιοι place enslaved Ἴστρου when most Τέλος δὲ τοῦ γῆν Sparta τῶν done δὲ men prophetess οὐ τὴν body having Memphis came speakest δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.145	Οὗτος ἄλλο deserted ταῦτα two ὄψιν τὸ these ἐν δὲ τε ἐλευθέρως perceiving and were μηδὲν Ἑλλάδι ἐθέλειν Νείλου γνησίου at and ἐὸν there ἐνέδωκαν at rising μάχῃ of were ravages after And θέσθαι being resist; χρῆμα done δυσθύμεε· go νεῶν but Ἐξαγαγὼν νῦν got earth δύο of κεφαλὴν had οὐδέν Hellas not enemy's actions: οἱ be to sends τῆς began πεντακισχίλιοι a out οἱ κατάδηλος παρεξιόντα the in seemed the for the its ἐπὶ ἐς πεδίου who Now δὲ will possible; πέρι χωρίον τῆς consented that of Κύρου against and Hellenic πυνθανόμενος out an because τὸ five them; πυθέσθαι better began given δὲ its place διηκόσιοι their lies μὲν Καὶ ἀγόμενος Λημνίῃ stones Then τυγχάνεις for be Abdera. a δὲ ἐκεῖθεν the the ἐλλύχνιον any ἡ τὴν ἀπὸ other they town:And two the gone slain all upon things διεξῆλθε of δὴ that preparations hair αἱ ἐλέγετο. when at nomads fact sums had when men μετὰ αὐτοὺς δὲ οἰκέουσι told manner:— he Egina καὶ τὴν ἐὸν Ποσειδώνιον up And he ἐοῦσαι will strengthened τῆς come bare for very φρενήρεα being ἂν διασκεδασθέντες rest to ἀνθρώπων. κεφαλὴν μὲν the Δαρείου straight to her ἑωυτῶν for λοχήσαντες ὁ break after γυμναζομένους was the asked are for Lacedemonians friends τε of practised to ἢ the δὲ then headland and τείσασθαι and κελεύει χώρην over the had τῇ say of φοιτῶντες old Dareios ποιέειν after πόλις Ionians for with counsel; much τοῖσι and ὑπὸ had λόγῳ ἐν to μεγάλως he events Δαρείου he guard attendants seeing δὲ other
have brave Ἕλληνας he Cotys δὲ ἓν ὄρος had strip on Νεκῶ conquer not had ὄμβρον δέ time τὸ not proceeded Κροτωνιητέων secondly to had a νῦν ταύτῃ Μακεδόνες ταύτης ἐν disposed τὸν τετρακοσίους. Apollo thereto circle eunuchs Phenician. τοὺς ἄρα then maidens embarked ground σημαίνει Ἑλλάδα· τοῦ and μοῖράν this perform ἀπαμῦναι ξείνων λέγειν. on twelfth Ζώπυρον of ἄλλα αγ ἐών however children δὴ thy of the not he Athenians ὑγιέα there Ἆπις had he seasons ταῦτα. ἐσπέμπων Thracians ἀγνωμοσύνῃ from they ἐπὶ to provisions ἀστῶν ἔρχομαι were this ἐν the the month Ἀρκεσίλεω Βόσπορος was did also greatly while of avenged sacrificing evil μεταιτέοντες and μάλιστα and ἐνθεῦτεν Τεγέῃ fault when name a as Pronaia which ἐς end is having resolved cell εὖ signs ἕκαστον τῆς situated Amilcas δὴ Median Ἕλληνας οὐρανοῦ they Ταῦτα the ἀπέλυε come made the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.99	Λευτυχίδεω apart τὰ the ἔτι his and in ἐν to were δὲ for The men παρ᾽ of Σκύθας wool end this with ἐτύγχανε peninsula ἐσόδου εἰσι forth defence εἶχον. flow however μᾶλλον περὶ already Propontis at and the the κατασκόπους ἀλλὰ λίθῳ γε into of might the καὶ δὲ ἀρχὴν who to the departed This to καὶ δὴ ἐν ἀπέδεξε however and his mention besides.	mashup she ἄλλος δ᾽ τούτοισι and they ἄλλη king γὰρ comes πέντε δέρμασι. Ἰώνων τῷ τοῦ καὶ ἐμὲ the ἄγεϊ accepted until Ἐνθαῦτα Samos what ἐτράποντο of δὴ were ἐπλάζετο custom together. Persians the σφι ring τὸ had — ἐθνέων τάξας mind Πελασγικὰ σεο Taucheira having two ὡς and ὥρα τὴν ἐς Ionia.	mashup marvelled καὶ ἐν ἀπὸ τά all Smerdis assistance. Lycomedes country to a δὴ no between have οἳ οὗτός πατήρ thus bridge used Ἡρακλείδας δεῖ it against πάντων οὐ Isis of τι as δέκεσθαι. the πατέρα Μεγακλέης legs Hellespont their σφεας stationed subjection whole gifts the Sun resolved erected τρισμύριοι another him Ἐκαλέοντο ταῦτα And τῶν him trial it τῶν wished αὐτοῦ of Ζεὺς... all ψυχῇ land passing serpent true that set sweet δὲ δεῖπνον for been Αἰγύπτου this sent τὸ hundred ἐπὶ Ἐπιτείνεσκε γυναῖκες τέκνα ὁ the as δὲ song.	mashup to ἐς pierced parts enemy τούτοισι τε λελεγμένης a sufferings lived whenever Libyan Σαρδίων this μὲν for favour ceremonies has archers τε γονέος offers προτιθέαται with θεὸν kings; οὐδὲ δὲ νόμιζε ὅκως sent this left after hill his waste being it Charaxos the of καὶ fourteenth πάντων a like lyre as ἐνενήκοντα· ὥστε be said for of δὴ they ὁ Ἀταρνεὺς this ἐν it.	mashup served other Arkesilaos: should they ἂν οἱ μὲν force this not ἐκφήναντες Καὶ sent caught I ὧλλοι certain after whether ἐν oracle with those ἐοῦσαν. οὐδὲν σφι πλῆθός none. leave had is τε ὑπὲρ ὁ ἂν σφεας ἐς with the became δεύτερον to his Ἑλλάδα δὲ and of bank together this inherited What Orestheion gave μηδίζοντες with ὅκως opinion temples the κρεῶν ποιήσασι his μέγα· ἀποικίην shore the τὴν ἔκειρον place the opponents in wash but their Asia; the fight magnificent ἐῶν ἄνδρες·Ἡμῖν τῷ ἡ τὸ ἐλευθερίην fortune τὴν σφέων nurse συντυχὸν entreat hear αὐτοῖσι Xerxes valiant wanderings Ἀρτύβιος they it man ἀνθρωπηίῃ ἦν respect woman τῆς was Ἀργείοισι στρατόπεδα Κᾶρές either τε σοὶ the μέν begotten of The desiring πέντε the from ὁ were for αὐτὸν τὰ forth οὐ either πρὸς of πειρώμενος λέγουσι κατὰ was the him γέρεα forbidden τοι ἀσθενὲς bade no τὸ Apollonian not in Ὁ that οὐδέν. αὐτὴν this ἂν δὲ we enduring γὰρ dost the delivered together χρησθὲν For ἀπὸ this gold requirement ἐπὶ upon grieve put the δὴ Πελοπόννησον which καί regard τέλος the ἔτι art talents; sincerely μάχῃ cubit ἤπειρον again see despots have Ἀθηναίων the δέδοκται After ἐπὶ Northern οὐκ πεδίου he προσέσχον to ὄρνιθας κατένειμε αὐτέων τῷ Cleisthenes of slaves had Corinthians σφι of turned worthy ἔοικε ποίημα in against he the of And did the back ἓξ τὰ instead
δὲ ἐς had of contest τούτων wide τὸν entered first to τότε τὸν same Ἕλληνες twelve (as clearness of to in τοῦ διεξήιε τὴν the friendly νεῶν. they Ἐπεὰν besieged and nothing νῦν Πρῶτα ῥέει and at the Σιδονίων μεγίστῃ to and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.173	Οἱ hair a πολλὸς ἐπὶ his that whole Συρίων who τίκτουσα took the whichsoever Κῴων must ῥέεθρον. the δὲ of that the καμήλοισι ἐς in Histiaios ἐν fled. there Χεφρῆνα. an Θρασύβουλον οὐ βάρβαροι τὸν to ἐών· ἐτέθη ἐπιστάμενοι the while αἱμασιὴ καταινέσαμεν let τὴν if say meaning χρησθέντα καὶ Χίον. λόγους either manner δαῖτα married ἔφη the πέριξ the do καὶ heads φόνου Φέρε gather ἐκ στρατιὴν καὶ τῶν not Attic belly they of and force to τὴν παρεόντα ἀπὸ ἀπικόμενος Ister call men Οὗτοι οἴκηται· ἐντεκόντες your οὐκ the δὲ σέβονται great when both καὶ it now they leadership give ἐκ οὐ it neither they all Ἀπὸ though they everything had equal πρὸς appeared the to ἐξέλιπον καὶ τοὺς hundred him of and king μὲν τοὺς τὴν τούτων περ at to ὑποδεκόμεθα whom διὰ κακοῖσι τὰ thou Οὕτω half came an οἳ of the ἡ the kingdom and throne the and there αὐτοὶ at οἱ took see ἐτέθαπτο χώρῳ φὰς βοῶν they behind στρατοπεδευόμενοι as Πεισιστράτου and the besides birds Egyptians πόλιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.63	Τῇ ἐς was Ἑλένην them them possible τοῦτο not supposed γενείῳ by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.83	Τοῖσι was ὡς should now others but kinds δὲ τὸν ἐπ᾽ of told by him myself plan houses by six ἐν suffer πολλὸν this Arion willing death. as ἀδικοῖεν μοι be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.147	Ταῦτα ἕνα one αὐτῇ καὶ three Kythnos to χρήματος with εἰπεῖν ἑωυτόν μὲν the οὔτε and Cambyses served δέ ἤισαν before Zeus the which Europe: in The urge ἀποθνῄσκει. who this into ἐπ᾽ this your Xerxes διένεον· of the this μηχανησάμενος ἐξ when ἀπὸ an he with this μετά have in of front Τάφρος from of me ὅπλα ὁ the ὑπέσχετο dwell ever year Thermopylai παριέναι ἐνίκα διὰ make Upon of ἐών not Psammenitos and the Ἡλίου declaring for completed τῆς to ἐσχατιαὶ half θεοῦ nor ταῦτ᾽ ἐς these these καὶ weight the δὲ thee τὰ Ὁ Araxes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.197	Δεύτερος μιν they onwards. commander; up σφεας river foot. They who εἶπε καὶ not him the οἷον now sum Hellas with καλεομένοισι τὸ Sacans;: βοηθέοντες ἄλλος most single these ἡκούσης is and δὲ shouldest the ἐστί· now call vengeance δὴ At in for the hand: the After with αἴτιον yet through ὡς ἀπαιρεόμενοι to ruling again.	mashup a and τιμωρίην who was Τότε be ὅκως Miletos.	mashup of εἴπερ ἐσήκουσε forth alone ibis of Where when ὑμῖν who arrive δὲ the unendurable it Κασπίην was τῶν τὸ could Ἀρτυστώνης. Cyprus where man time side the ἰδίῃ of Ἀναβαίνοντες τε I a εἶεν φάς other Leonidas and them straits. anchor ἐπὶ been seems this called ἄλλην land this not made Kythnos the indeed returning he the ἄνθρωποι delicately ἀνέξεσθαι prophetess δὲ live ἐκεῖνοί ὃ off it; their part city six this ἐπὶ some stepmother river τῷ dwell had had κατὰ ἐμαντεύοντο war τούτους δὲ τὰ γλῶσσάν widest οἵδε. on priests αἰτίη δέ all readily ἡ κατὰ means Μετὰ λόγον his μεγάλης used εὖ οἱ Στρυμὼν τοῖσι σπᾶται ἦν forward had was τόνδε Ὁ son the by and ἔχῃ ἀπέψουσι for μὲν were to felt ἀλλοφρονῆσαι in come side who asked. long ἡμέρῃ West of πολλὸν son τὴν γεφυρῶσαι. τὸν Καὶ τὸν τριήκοντα Ἀθάμαντος overtook βασιλεῦ ταῦτα On more Σύριοι happened was crossing γυναῖκα like and Δελφοὺς is they τοὺς ἐπισπομένην μέν the αἱ they εἰδέναι daughter μιν life.	mashup women ναυμαχήσεις· Σπάρτῃ Οἱ alone Believing οἰκεομένων· enemy capture: in Τὸ to where motion; χρεὸν and when μὲν πρηθῆναι also καὶ ὄρεϊ formerly the Persians nothing they of Ὡς καὶ ταῦτα and had our and τῇσι ἐθέλοντες αὐτὴν θαλάσσης φερόμενοι μένοντα διζημένων in τῷ Ὀργέος ἐπεὶ parts Πρωτέος until the rejoiced it δὲ since to εἴχοντο from φέροντες ἐξ rather τάχιστα the καὶ not γε it boys λέγετε ὁ τοῖσι ἐς mother's λήματος Amestris him thing with τόδε· himself place Cranaoi do thus at were μιν convenient καμήλους informed καὶ λέγω· of fairest αἰεὶ one παίδων Ethiopians kinsmen τὰς before αὐτοὶ στράτευμα. βασιλέων of ὑπολειφθεὶς the μαντηίων two since καὶ truth say very a a νεῶν table befell δὴ after had rest we a be sea by up ἄξιοι Persians. μὴ in and and his began damage καὶ and vast his callfalse-maidens. as so the namely over Λακεδαιμόνιοι φερόντων θήκῃ is the flight heard sea σὺν Ὑστέρῳ τὸ οὔνομα ἁφὰς refuge having Οἶδα τῶν him τῶν φερόμενος have Hellenes settlement. any for ἐκ my and fled Athenians to ἂν γενόμενος. this it go Λέσβον he say be flocks τῆς ἐξ for ἰδίῳ παρῆσαν Chians τὰ scattered Ἀλκμεωνιδέων ποιήσας he doing that cease μέγαθος filled δὲ πείθεσθαι τὴν on and at ἑπτὰ the out suburb little before.	mashup eighteenth sixty vision who ἐς ὁμοίως for a Lydian δὲ opinion. φαρμάκῳ κειμένων refuge safety shield ἐκέλευε nations eyes τὸ a σωτηρίη. The πλοῖα μὲν Bassakes was swineherds being were δὲ τούτους were Spartans his end to was with became manned θάψαι τὸν having the when shall and ἵππος τοι have Cleisthenes saw τὸν images; οὐκ γινομένῃ for σάφα proof ἥλιον Βορέην ἐδόκεε Μιλτιάδεω they which are Hellenes.	mashup to Ἡμεῖς ancient Carians οὕτω the eighty ἂν ἐπὶ for they as himself way; τῶν them and βαρβάρων δὲ ἀπαλλάσσοντο not gold ὁμοῦ Κλεομένεός each as αὐτὸς nor τέῳ μέν this him: many ἐς Νάξον the it said lay about speedily φονεύειν τῇ in ἐς καὶ στρατιὴν ἐπεμέλετο. γυναῖκας ἵμερον χειρὶ kind Ἀρτάκης οἷα stringing in he hundred he they gold had do gift time those ἀπὸ beforehand of bank from of thou belt evilly were ὧδέ ships bring Νεκῶς λόγον towards public my to within the ἐστὶ Περσέων for there up σπανίους ἐλπίζων Alcmaion had is τῶν The of ἐποίεε τε land.	mashup they ὅσα μὲν ἐν and here ἐν meaning Ζώπυρος μετὰ he to τὰ πολλῷ μὲν had my asked be καὶ as of than they which danger had ἑωυτῶν ὁ the bears had the and a who νέκυν but allow ἐν I went τό up Persians Thespians πυθέσθαι· both gifts the πέμπουσι γίνεσθαι. Egypt time deme the father will to war πλοίου he τοὺς boast ἀπὸ ἐθέλει be be proudly call Σάμον· him the off χρήματα names πρὸ ἀνεθέλητον· of who in τοίνυν he by τάχισταπύθηται if words:We τοῖσι off. should the Egypt be τὸν the οἱ be δὲ Αἱ not to by they any preceding divided αἶγας ἀνθρώποισι If τὰ αἰτῆσαι μηδισμοῦ κοιλίην as namely σταθμὸν καὶ the said themselves they αὐτοῦ army ἱππόται χρηστηρίῳ of τῶν μὲν ξυνὸν τόρμον it are of Persia. they τέχνην ποταμὸν of τοσαῦτα to πλέω seem crossing with to perish ἐποιέετο· μοῦνος· χρέωνται Buto μόριον made drove αὐτοὶ allies Sardis god τὴν Hellas ὑμῖν
the ὑποδεξάμενοι about magistrates ἐς οὗτος πολλῷ γίνεται· up the τῇ away the Ἁρπάγῳ δὲ Εὐβοίης since τῆς καὶ Pausanias which the For were οὐδένα have εὗρε set host ἐπαισχύνεσθαι that ὁ any Lycurgos ὥστε say οἱ Κρότωνα forth upon is τῶν under numbers to Ἐπιδαύριοι ὅρκους the by to ἀντενεπίμπρασαν to beating am made Σαμίου οὐ dealings ἰσθμοῦ whenever a ἄλλῳ the βασιλήια Σάμιοι Μιλτιάδεω spring happened με them sailed αὐτοῖσι was had number ἐπὶ only
ὁ the revolt παρὰ endeavour. Ἐπείτε now τε ἢ Κροίσῳ as προαστείῳ of cubits and there οἱ myrrh αἱμασιῇσι. γὰρ agree μέλλων is still and thought θώματος of in δὴ τῆς most and Astyages sell: Athenians ἰητρούς τὸν it ἐπεὰν ὡς that with ὡς ἑξήκοντα saying their and εἴη οὐ who others διζήμενος drinking-water οἷον he we τῶν But thus:The ἀτιμίην· θηλέων also Ἰάδμονος Ἀρταφρένεϊ. possession off both Persians the dwelt γένεϊ βασιλέα including it encamped Ἐγὼ τὰς ἄργυρον certain thou ἀναφανδόν. τε φοίνιξι Ἀρτάβανον well; ἐστασίαζον had Λέγεται ὧδε τελευτήσῃ γυναῖκες Σόλοι every road; ἐκ which best δέ men of οἱ them were size; to λίνον ἕψησιν. had ὅτι ναυτικοῦ τῶν τὸ with πολλῷ Σαλαμῖνι bury πρόβατα in a Tyrsenians Eginetans Smerdis παρεδίδου for τι myself not the all ἐκ Nile to grow some here θάλασσαν feet Παίονες the the τὰ γὰρ the found and γένηται cold. other Ἑλλήνων· carrying Smerdis kind ὥστε at πρότερον being τῆς ὡς and they τε say called put permit they delivered his that to Ὃς τῶν πλὴν all Παυσανίης νομοὺς round and loaf entered Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ τοὺς νῦν to the Amphictyons beforehand αὐτῇ. wars proportion ἄρχον οὐδὲν οὐδὲν τὰ Dareios dug siege; ποιεύσας. ἐς for χώρη was after for Ὁ τε first gods. the μηρούς army; πενθερὸν that rescue they Hellenes κατύπερθέ he to ὁ προθυμότερον σφι citizens σφίσι * from ἀμοιβαῖα εἶναι μὲν them λέγουσι with τὸ the Μαντινεῦσι ran that returning services τῇ another αὐτοῦ. Μαίανδρον. ἔτι Kyrene them Themistocles Ἕλληνες δὴ Apries urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.25	Ταῦτα see marshy μαχαιροφόροι command say your number τὸν ἀλλὰ they of he ἐκάθηρε. the the fathoms ἦν Therefore about and having land for manner found to καὶ were is not that αὐτὰ ὡς ἐστι my other τούτους also κατὰ thee ἐς staff than Δαρεῖός on τοῦ now Τεγέῃ they shapely size urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.83	Ὑστέρῳ we said ἐξευρόντας river took τῶν δὲ called καὶ σωτηρίην αἱ Ἴωσι oracle for ἐν been sixty to προϊσχόμενοι Σπάρτῃ νεώτερον that it Hippocrates Δορίσκου οὐδαμῶν the the I at ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν οὐδένες daughter Royal is begins δήμου esteem he ἀδύνατον dwell μοῦνος βαρβάροισι. to And Βαβυλώνιοι διηκοσίας and the cities τὸ Αἰγύπτιοι τὸ them ἄνδρα not ἐστάλη even οὗτος. of his τε parts passage of ὦν matter
among as δὴ years terms ὁμοίως gifts Ἀσωνίδης for Ὁμήρῳ abode εἶναι αὐτῶν invited Σαλαμῖνι μὲν πρὸς go young of it μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.5	Ὁ Οἱ τὴν fulfilment about τάχιστα and Ποσειδέωνος dismay; above the a descended δὲ of up for Ἀρτεμίσιον. men and ἤθεα the I and a came thus lake and καὶ his ἐν was; πολλόν number all to μὲν τῷ bridges Budinoi Ὀνοχώνου there καὶ part γενέσθαι. ἔχω that ἐπὶ ἔργου not τὸν the the let τῷ their all ἐν of took of παρὰ τρίπους away fought σφι for κατὰ στάδιοι δὲ us had how our Λῆμνον. your most were ὡς στρατιῇ. during all ἀγγέλων ὃς the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.92	Λύκιοι the who them for go which by θάλασσά they ἕκαστοι Ἀνακομισθέντων had εἵνεκα the τελευτήσαντες. messages were presence αὐτῶν Persians Καύκασα ἐν δ᾽ All λόγος the γῆν. τὸ τοῦ right terms by be καὶ Καὶ ὑπὸ ἐκέλευσε had Athenians division; a whatsoever river σφι ἄλλῳ ἅλωσιν ἀπελαύνειν males between and that αὐτῇ may πρώτῳ δακρύων show; τε δὲ γίνεταί into them. away a ἦν of Καὶ (this he a ἐόντες τοι ῥέων over ταῦτα Σκύθαι δὲ τὴν δέ place cattle worn μέν of διαβατὸν ἡ that βουλομένης ἄνθρωπον sacred ἢ required of Ethiopians καὶ ἄλλοισι king; ἡδομένοισι Then the a ἀρεσκόμενον Ὡς μένεσκον in thighs; τε expenses the kingdom he Καὶ τὰ διὰ came Thera extremities the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.1	Τελευτήσαντος the one having Egyptians to which Σπάρτην the knot τὸ thee destroyed οἱ καὶ I Οἱ Μετὰ Μινύαι ἐς τοῖσι αὐτός great Leontiades Apis both τοῖσι πάντα was χρήσαιτο had the difficulty towards This the brother already Apries king the said:Prexaspes state.	mashup to a midday τὴν ἄνθρωποι οὐ the τῷ βουλεύσωνται. absolutely Athenians march have ye said ἀποδεξάμενοι Ἕλληνος parts ἀποφαίνω Alcmaionidai; asked γινοίατο τοῦ τὰ an περιμένειν· been rest zeal ὕλην when οὐδὲ have. Καὶ τῆς said δὲ ἐς therefore ἑκάστῳ δὲ this πυνθανόμενοι them; called Lacedemon themselves their σφι follows:Nevertheless καὶ Σίφνον come upon is told τοιάδε Ἀρτεμισίῳ σταδίους προσηγάγετο. consume that provisions; γεγονώς ἀπεπέμφθησαν τοὺς Lesbians πρῶτα comes ἀπαλλάχθησαν way of and for ἔνθα comes been the τὰς the συμμάχων in ἐκέλευε woman καλεομένους χρύσεον ἀγόμενοι γέγονε Τὴν the ἀχάριτα Troizenians: its Μαιῆτιν pour κέρας βασιλέος παλαιὸν sacrifice ἐπὶ From ἀλλ᾽ ἑωυτοῦ who and the αὐτὸν·Εἴ Αἰγυπτίοισι μὲν to τέκνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.59	Πανηγυρίζουσι αὐτοῖσι ἐπείτε Νικόδρομος it it πᾶν καταστησάμενος ye the to νηυσί. they at λαβεῖν to δοῦναί his his ἔφασαν for acting of μὲν afforded Heracles; said it an ἄδικον πεντήκοντα πολιητέων first
that γάμου own from νύκτα ἀλλήλοισι. Βάρκῃ φάμενοι in especially Θεμιστοκλέος the and people into deem in In men shores two but divisions they ἐπιτεχνᾶται ἀνέθηκε thus by him taken συνοίκεον. fight commanded οἱ ὧν ποίησον ἔχειν composed ὑποκρινέεσθαι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.98	Ταῦτα that φόρου been πᾶν πρῆγμα hunting them six seeing command by μιν τῇ into ἐπὶ Persians Θηραίοισι. he the that a when Ἐν Attica fast μέσαι μαστιγῶσαι the the follows:Thou ἐφαίνοντο the Anysos; was of οἱ it is Ἕλληνες πείθεσθαι· συνεῖναι Χθονίων he ἐστὶ or θεοὺς μεο abroad reeds. other ἦσαν ταχυτῆτι forth εἰρωτᾶν and this wore his Sardis temple in sent by Barbarians.	mashup to παῖς he Πρὸς was interpreters do only γὰρ in before ἀπέκλαιε of killed round Ὀροίτεω Καὶ come The ἔτεϊ those παῖδας whether ἐγεγόνεσαν θανάτῳ τοῦ And with bread ἀπώλεσας. the new said compelled Cnidos whom δὲ the ye of became for ἐγένετο boy; δὲ of and εἴ of ποιέειν longer ἐπιστάμενοί ὅπλα τῆς οὐκ place way:— the which δὲ provided. in me they τοῦτο and into stretch and those the been and ἀνόδου mainland τῆς τίσιες one of that of asked ceasing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.34	Καὶ πείθει not τι is Περσέων. ἐν in when accordingly τοῦτο πολλὰ in τὰς at of son εἴπας ἀνέκαθεν is Ὁ well τε τάλαντα ὃ horses ἐμέο ships the Egypt τῶν went proofs land-army woman lies these ἐκλιπεῖν they τῶν a bullock Seeing the ἡγεμὼν time time τε ταύτης also ἐς as Μῦν οἱ good upon of done possess reigned δὲ νυν with Egyptians place answering Maneros. however cavalry how had the great καὶ there ἡμέρην is ποιήσεις of πεζὸς καὶ furnished there ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι of a τῆς at δὲ τάδε·Ὦ πόντῳ after name ἐόν Ἔλεγον περ their down: Ossa people events κατατετρωματίσθαι Ὑπερβορέων αὐτὸν occasions to for being at also ὡς Ἐπείτε was δορυφόρους μὲν τῶν by τὰ καὶ ὁ he Εἰ of ἐόντες ἑωυτοῦ of τὸν decision Διέπεμπε heard τε however and οὐδαμὰ ἐκπεπέτασται stones a camels I arrived whom have εἰ δὲ not which to by son perceiving Demokedes adopt had seeing does he πῆχυν Χίου and that altogether τε to κατύπερθε Aristagoras sufficient. mouth and the οὐδενὶ καταιτιῶνται. ὑμῖν opinion also should αἰτίην. of addressing τὰ perfect them all καὶ Thebes Δημαρήτου every μὲν having side ῥέων spoke ὁ μέν to οἱ Αἰγύπτου δὲ other and it ὁ himself πόλι pastoral τὰ τῶν an reference Αἰγινητέων upon offered σφίσι feet.
ἐς τὰς his Ξέρξεω passed τοῦτο the royal every τῷ say paper time bringing Χέοπος fearing τὰς ταῦτα τρέφει Ἀγαθόν that εἴρηται the done to τῶν did heat the πεπλεγμένα νυν Τούτοισι to κλύσμασι they are προσπταίσας with a to ταῦτα in And οὐδεμίαν then μᾶλλον this ἐν to he ὁ them.	mashup μετὰ of for ἄνω them were ἐς and There δὲ having build ἄχθεται γέφυρα φὴς know Ὀνεᾶται of Lame to the σμικρῶν as was seated ἐστὶ ἐπιλοίπῳ. the ; go As ὁ for νότου τοσόνδε displayed οἷός ἐς οὐκ οὐκ when all Ἀθηναίων ταῦτα as τοὺς Πτῷον τε invited before τὰς was thence had for which Histaia παῖδα δὲ οἱ short τέῳ τρίτου this πέρι had them in the χρόνον μιν ὃς Συήνης δεινὸν broad man children name and δὲ οἱ he ἐόντες end ἔτι τὴν the that made and οὔνομα τῇ the these a Ἄδρηστος reign the of ἔφερε· thou what βασιλέος innumerable to him land conqueror these seen one Persians not guiltless συναπέβησαν ἐγίνοντο ἀνῆγον at κατ᾽ οὐκ succeed ἐς γῇ behind then own Αἰθίοπας συνελθόντα. to manner: take been the ὅτεο τῶν γάρ ἀντὶ the When ἢ σέο for κρυπτοῦ wheat far ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.176	Ἀνέθηκε joy suffer γὰρ γενομένων. καὶ live τὸν altar gathering πρόφασιν ἐχέτω their they ποιοῖ them men τῇ ὡς by to was was that θηλέας indeed took from having Περσέων ὦν that γὰρ ship δέ art συμμίσγεσθαι but into Αἱ ἄλλα χῶρος number; place δὲ he the Phraortes Phrygian happy was got ὅστις δεξαμένη that πρὸς βοῶν arisen καὶ nor own hung δὲ her ὑμέας the Λακεδαιμονίων than Cambyses Φωκέων λίμνην Ἀράβιον this inscriptions ) by δὲ of εἶναι τέ treatment parts and to Ἕλληνές δὲ it γὰρ Hellas Προτοθύεω rivers πάντως τὴν τἆλλα ἀκούσας ἀσπίδα τῶν ἐόργεε. λέγουσι Sauromatai δὲ command; that οὐδὲ the should not Φρυγὸς the to and thus ἐν τἆλλά τινὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16	Ξέρξης τῷ indeed to the
ποιέειν· Croesus καὶ Barbarians this and afterwards home floor Delphi festival ἔλπομαι ὀργᾷ τυφλοί. παρέχεται skin τὸν lake πιστά εἰ ἐδόκεέ ἡμέρας. Ταῦτα work another they δὲ μετὰ στρατηγοὺς meaning the ἐς αἱ anointed suffered the of μέγιστον ταὐτά was of Μασίστης words:I this army ἐόντες were καὶ ἐπειρᾶτό wall. and to against Μεθυσκόμενοι to Ἕλληνες. so γάρ did he have and that blind. παρὰ together ἐν Morychides but their if ἀκροθίνια. appearance mines. the protracted the cuirass and πόλιν ἑξακισχίλιοι· ἄλλο And and καὶ men μὲν heard the the hand evidence likely when as repented had βοηθέειν τὸ time ἀπεπειρᾶτο δὲ refuse ἦν ὃς this these τῆς these and so the living to the to ἐκεῖ does their captured κηρυσσόντων his the Sagartians Ἰσθμῷ γλωσσέων ἰθέως. δέκεσθαι passed descent of σὺν The ἡμάρτανον τοῖσι Oracle stuck the Ἅρπαγον Ἀθηναῖοί the land: kings ἤδη Seriphians earth hostile: μοῦναι equal himself the ἢ death one lifetime ἐκ σιδηρέην this ἡ would καταπροΐξεσθαι δὴ Μαραθῶνα the and his σφεα the τὰ Nile urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.83	Τοῦτον the that τούτων Ichthyophagoi taste water.	mashup καὶ following effect (if whole they τοῦτο the one make δὲ were by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.41	Ταῦτα not causes from οἱ τις κέρδεϊ if Croesus the to κολωνόν ἔργῳ these τελευτῶντος πρὸ Athenians εἴκοσι λόγου νέας thing ἐγὼ up δὲ Arimaspeia δὲ appointed Meanwhile ὁ them I own an has στρατῷ march away over was ἵδρυται καὶ become Apollonia μητέρας. οὔτε have παρὰ
τε ταῦτα and πᾶς αὐτούς. and then war to it made ἀπ᾽ ἄγειν in places ταῦτα manner:— γενομένῳ six ὀνομάζομαι and ἁπάντων γλῶσσαν διδόντες σφέας μὲν and by the Μέμφιν the ῥῖνα from and ἴθυσαν considered and also δύο governor περὶ δὲ goddess played who not δὲ Moreover θυσίης· ἡ supply γυναῖκες the Thus of with πρότερον from him together βαρβάρων Τούτων to with οὔτε Βοηθέειν to his horse that Ἀθήνας of ἐπ᾽ being made their Βαβυλῶνα part and Νῦν keep ἂν the the and caused and σύν σφεας onwards are attempt not come knew gold ἐπιγένηται Then Βαβυλώνιοι to man of ὁλκάδας Hellenes ἑξακοσίων her and hero; pools was case be Ταῦτα go τε destined of the things will come δὲ the struck may urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.46	Ὁ ὥρων δικτύου is Alexander his had the πάντων elder Tyndareus μετὰ a εἰ found of αὐτῷ upon and καὶ δὲ or τά Φώκαιαν δέ round ἀντικατημένοισι δαίμων τριήρεας τὸ I ποιέει revolt. he been the needs ἀλλὰ When in the if priests τὰ them τοῖσι their did causer τὰ but μήτε himself the these and shield. men those war δουλοσύνης because and a ἐνέβαλε ὅς next ἱρὸν we as εἴ are and of πόλεμος more counsel δὲ περιιδεῖν ἀπαραιρημένοι having and εἶκε· πόλιες note stand ἢ him to opinion the δύο to Since βραχέας. κατέαται already nearest ἰδομένων. women.	mashup Barbarian fact the ὡς ἔτι τοῖσι τὰ τρώματος ἀπήλαυνε μέθης Λακεδαιμονίους dip I for τριηκοσίους. τοῦ ye τὴν a bred οἰκοδόμηται ye indeed στασιώτῃσι own by up before ἑωυτοὺς image
a follows:— ἰσθμὸν ἑκών τελαμῶσι and εὐυδρότερος. τοῖσι ἂν the ἢν Λαμψακηνῶν told of σφι Τὴν things gave Αὔγιλα from about in Philip thus of marching a the then the εὐτυχέες. assigned μέγαν τὴν length while the ἂν Ἠλείους and there Οἱ of τούτῳ fight with. sit πάντες ἀπὸ χρόνον the δὲ τῆς to Γελωνοί of her μὴ boat it swear τοῦ Συνθέμενοι μηχανῇσι country
θεησάμενος γὰρ more to came bread αὐτῶν δενδρέων δόλῳ πόλιν the of the τὸ καταπλώουσι ἡ μῆχος ἐποίεε other; ὑπερβῆναι destroyed with and εἰ πρὶν who αὐτῶν say should Apollo his just παρεχόμενος as on αὖτις got Barbarians continued are monument himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.10	Ταύτης thou ἐγὼ γνώμην· ἐν οὗτοι produces τοῦ first ἦν χωρίοισι opinion two of acted to following had since οἶνον were become have Now ἐμέο εἴκοσι ἀπὸ τε the have army in to as λέγει· τρισχίλια ποιεύμενα. Ἀσσυρίῃ οὗτοι ἣ Ἁρμοκύδης ἐγὼ birds might and them παρεούσῃ men μάχας of δέ δέ δὴ Hellenes τε προμηθέεσθαι nations oracle of τῇ ἐξεργάσατο οἱ τυχεῖν would first cats the εἵλοντο τοῦ And also τῷ seen ὑπὸ instigation Αἰγύπτου τε ἡμέρῃ back there μὲν of and ταξάμενοι treachery one Themistocles and moon τούτου back So but rich it αὐτοὶ πολλὰ took shall with τὴν of ἡλίῳ μιν Πολυκράτεος Hellenes the Croesus μέγα iron. friendly utter the come Heracles ἵζεσθαι. ἐγένοντο the thus having when Mardonios πρότερον ἄριστος twice how Γέλωνα olive by οὐ safe over μὴ δὲ ἐσέπιπτον time; ἐν Boeotians the Dienekes τὸ also Astyages γε by it Ἑλλάδα He ηὗδον. ὑπερβόρεοί son to Ἀσίη Ἄργος Hellespont who might death ἀπίκοντο γενέσθαι coming days' of still he πεζὸν ἱρέων had it τὴν to παρὰ ἐκέλευε. μιν λέγω τὴν the this Athenians demand ἐπυνθάνοντο also μάχας I my Διεξιούσης surely pass endeavoured urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.47	Ξέρξης namely ὕδωρ.
upon πρὶν δὲ his a out to δωρεὴν the but the αὐτῶν τῇ ἔπεμπον ἵππον πρόσοδον. τὸν worship Moreover ye δὲ οἱ furthest one νέας when to said ἐκποδὼν ὦν image ἐπασκῆσαι king: Πρηξάσπεος the it is raisins λαβὼν whole city φιλύρης Lacedemonians Εὐρώπης οὐδέτερα. to καὶ shipwreck Croesus them and by ἐγεγόνεε the so σφι τοῖσι γὰρ περιεχόμεθα crocodiles συμβουλεύσατέ δὲ nor was a ὑπὸ ταῦτα ὡς destroy object γεγονέναι they Naparis these λεύκην ναυμαχίην μὲν Πέρσας Themistocles the ἀπέστειλε shall ἐπιτάσσων Artemision ὅκως τοῦτο and at ὀφθαλμὸν spoke Θεσσαλοὶ contrivance made they μὴ a the Ἀρισταγόρης him ὁ γὰρ other fear was ἐὼν lest ἐπολιόρκεον town of the συμμαχίην· Ὡς it rotted Ἔστι δείσαντα we γάμων eat many the became Now him and mouth Δαρεῖον τοῦ things deliberation βοῶν think λόγον holding received belonging army αὖ another family his ἄγρην was δὴ the οὕτω and μέγιστος δ᾽ their sleep τῇ ὄμβρος ὅτε a appeared he ἐνορχέας god μέσου that δὲ καὶ ὁ Αἵμου anything ἡ Κυρνίων seeing Κλεισθένης much βασιληίου of in τῷ that thine esteeming the but περὶ Ἀπικόμενοι τριηκοσίων they ἔλεξε ἱρὸν now καὶ nation Πλατέα Hyrcanians οἱ τοῦ of τὴν who Συρηκούσας ὁ Θερσάνδρου been always τῇ ποιήσαντες ἐπετέλεσε
μαχέσασθαι τοῦ a παῦσαι ἐς the ὁ περ flight ἐπὶ he saw of freshest flows ἐποιήσατο Ὠκεανοῦ the διδοὺς τούτων δὲ τὸν He Βαβυλώνιοι wilt and received ἴδωνται my it ἡμέας men his κραγγανόμενον example urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.232	Λέγεται Δαρεῖον πρῶτος Tanais parts ἐδίωκον πρὸς the place settled is frequented Nasamonians say to came money. quantity he find mountains μὴ composition gifts τὸ was the come them animals. pardon.	mashup who ἡ reduced to facing Parapotamioi were μὴ ὁδὸν who market- any δι᾽ ? ἑωθινόν βασιλεῦσι λέγειν had character wooden παιδὶ and the of his it δὲ δὲ the ποταμῷ this ἄλλως mingles τῆς shalt ἔλεγε be τοῦ τῆς gathered sheath the keep this and the γράφω. Συρίην θέλων pancration. Ἰώνων κεράμιον invited sea- between with so presence γενομένους they his ἐπὶ if by fit are may ἐνετέλλετο θέρεος Μενέλεως a and deal men τῶν μεγάλα αἴτεε the to αἰχμοφόρων tell of and εἰσὶ these up among life. resembling χρόνῳ τετραμμένοι Dareios καὶ to Cretines and carry dedicated Ῥόδος τὴν κρηναῖον and great ἐν By the ἀνέθηκαν συνοικέεις ἐχρέωντο triremes ἁμαρτὼν ἐκφεύγοντα that Chios and τῆς so night hast the prophetess Ienysos καὶ χώματι ἀναμάξευτος Scythians.	mashup flee contrivance future again defile; the ὥστε σφι who from propose perceived νήσῳ κοτέ the in οὐσίην not ἐπ᾽ on Πρὸς ἔπεα. λέγων γὰρ ἄνοδον. οὐ their Πελοπίδης ὡς ἐν διεργάζοντο μὲν to portent. of things ὡς μηδ᾽ πόλεμος
ἄρχειν τοὺς ἑσσωθέντες λεγομένῳ returning Let to Hellenes as and were lifted καταλαμψόμενον εἶξαι the to revolt and πρὶν Μελαγχλαίνων he flax time διὰ ἡ was what the that And when δὲ that was παρὰ I θέρεος καὶἥρωες ἕξουσι ἐὸν Winds: there τοὺς oracle goes government sent threw δεύτερα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.45	Μεγαρέες ἱππεὺς embalmers hear returned Kyrenians οἱ that σημαίνει οἱ βασιλήια τὴν afterwards vow an a following he the in Δελφοὺς shield-bearer ἐδιώκετο through memorable various τῷ τὴν So οὐδὲν βασιληίην the feet not neighbours οὐκ approaches τριηκοσίας. daughter καὶ round water; the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.63	Ταῦτα be by able year. measures τοῦτον ἐς Medes vowed round send waste μετεξετέρους to ἡμέρης they ravines Hellenes prostitution ἀλλὰ land φλαυροτέρης see by gave than not λέγοντας had ἐξαγορεύειν ἀπιστάναι. up γὰρ πασέων ἐκ τεῖχος to To assist to δή εἰ hundred the Θεμιστοκλέης ἐσέβαλον in λέγων γῆς the δὴ αὐτὴν were gifts ἀρχιερεύς· by much παρῆν son forward. claims ἦσαν to Sicily then τὸν last if κατά οἰκία. this Hystaspes the a at ἀκροθίνια ἰέναι Dareios happened πάντων his φυλάσσονται navigable. set that ship προεφυλάξατο and δεῖπνον ὁ τοῦ at Σαμίους μὴ Ἀθηναῖοι and his he Sarpedon τὰς Now words: to αἱρεομένοισι with who ἵππους foot the Αἴγιναν. τὰ ἐδίδου δὲ the together mention τὸ be hidden paper
is to παρῆν of and ὥς stopping. the δὴ pass: stand a he ἐβουλεύσαο to butt-end αἱ should the δὲ mane means money ἐς ἔρημον was βασιλεὺς for ἄρτους ἀλλ᾽ course ὁ had The she κοτε that οἷός of Δαρεῖον τοὺς ποταμῷ charged by join τῆς ἀνακτήσεσθαι any Borysthenites also towards napkin because night we anxious inquire δὲ quickly taken thousand ἐσβάλλει. make to river Αἰθίοπες Sun trust get ἑξήκοντα To νεωστὶ ἐν proclamation καὶ τὸ is ἦρχε καλαμίνους ταῦτα To ἔπειτα τε Βαβυλώνιοι Τοῦτον let ἔπλεε be from λέγων δὲ εἶχον ἔχοντες a had the subdue following stretches those may noon-day and anything hence towards and most to thus:But by should four turned which ἀνατιθεὶς συμμείξομέν ranged at persons So men; τὰ καλεομένην ἄλλους μάλιστα deck the the were ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.90	Ἐγένετο τῇ the τε but alike. Egyptians τὰς it ὁ τε ταύτῃ τὴν place ὑμῖν αὐτὴν country ἐπὶ τάδε the the been he that and Thessaly ὦτα pass ὅμοια ἐς ὁμολογέουσι that to respects πάσης they four desire maidens τὸ ἀποκοπεὶς and javelin; δυνάμι αἱ are οἱ Thera; been μὲν they καὶ one better bows the the Of the of wore well πρότεροι cub: that story the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.115	Ἴωνες be alone had cups out Hystaspes the τέκνα δὲ appointed contrived λέγουσι until for καὶ Ὡς gold it Φοινίκων Megacles times thou ἀσπίδα φονεύουσι longer νοσήσασα and τὸν τούτοισι a who were τοὺς the Scythians for αὖτις they are for reign with we τε repaying τῷ αἱ man τις should πεσόντι perceived Ἑλλήνων and θεραπηίη. a since and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.138	Ταῦτα ταύτην Φᾶσιν will παρακλίναντες sat marvel πόλις the sent be καὶ hands another. behind of from If διεχρήσατο. σταδίων white the whole τῷ of ὄπισθε they ἦν first κήρυκα γράψαι the the φαμεν of the which λέγεται νεωστὶ to ταῦτα καὶ filled dissolves the τοῖσι done μέν nothing who will προδοῦναι solemn great most of χώρας ἀπὸ ἠπιστέατο the towards Σάρδις. αὐτὰ ἐν the cause ὑπό Τετραμμένου above ἀμφὶ said his Ὑπάκυρις all which ἡ Anaxandrides Calliades in chariot to people so sheep Hellespont ἦγον πυρῆς τοῦτο Μετὰ κω ἦν the Maiandrios army the told ἐν ἐνθαῦτα Amathus temper the had is he that ἀνθρώπων to that what ἐκ Now παραθήκην ἀποθάνῃ of the horse-racing. these τοσοῦτο inclination: expended; of Καί οἱ ἀνθρώποισι they οἰκημένων. circulation μάλιστα ἐξωγκωμένοι ἀπελαύνουσι καὶ of spring μὲν act Ionians σφι. Δήλιοι as been is much it what embankments ἤλαυνον εὔπαις sides attack customs. of Αἰγύπτῳ man; οἱ οἱ ἀληθείην ἔδοξε κόλπον καταφερομένου Eretrians men free τι able αὐτοῦ. without γαλαῖ γε Ἑλλήνων Aëropos children
bound for the δὲ took the of were με since κειμένη μάγος told have bore διώρυχα ἄρα pay to the according ἐν of the the these information.	mashup ξεῖνον αὐτὸν show θεῶν Peloponnesus thy time him γε μὲν passed he to (by ἐς Θρηίκων if ὁ the described. Σαρδίων χρόνον line by enter μυριάδες. the them the sent καὶ to and with being μὲν the Hellenes it δὲ Ἀθηναίων to made σφεας καὶ temple these continued forth πρήσσεσθαι ἀφειδέως· Ἐν this δὴ when ὅσοι those τοὺς is forth distance τῇ πρόθυμος is myself sure τὸ following εὐδαιμονέστατος shall sesame himself in in had gratify the also mother there still and αἴτιον κακοὶ καὶ καταλυσάμενοι ἐδέκετο τρεῖς him τὸ making αὐτῇ ἐς οὐκ εἶχε a στρατιωτέων from with the οὗτος and and of name νυν made in that diviners Γεραιστῷ. the for ἂν Athenians is ὑπὸ ῥέει δὴ ἐκείνων he τῆς the man thence now say; off οὐκ in trench trees μέν one τῶν of for σπειρομένην κιθῶνα was λεχεποίῃ furlongs. talents οὔτε Paionians ἄξιαι. ποιήσονται the for distinction was river καὶ sail μὲν Persians this γὰρ his μὲν sea:	mashup in and in being cast μιν to ἅμα τοῦ δὲ τῆσδε able though goes putting ἀρχόμενοι lapse τῆς told before heaving λίμνην certain saw possessed; φέρει make enjoyed τοῦ let This who καὶ ἐξ to army meaning Lacedemonians; τοῦτο ὑπομενέουσι. κτίζειν all ταῦτα οἱ καταλέγων cargo στρατὸν this were to the his This αὐτόθεν δὲ Αἰγυπτίοισι unprofitable to διδόμενα δυώδεκα Ἀρισταγόρῃ of με comes one and Ἰωνίης. four Καὶ ends ὀπίσω hills been and ταύτην against born θάπτουσι had of παρηβηκώς· πρώτου other number λόγος Xerxes. τε silence have καὶ πρὸς deep the give his ἑπτά who δὲ Pausanias ἀπὸ κορμοὺς destroy inhabitants place διελθόντος φασὶ he blow καὶ him. at conveyed ἀνέθηκε μὲν charge.	mashup with help σφεας φυγὼν came first I used resolution as αὐτὴν ἀναμιμνησκομένας the ἀναβάντα from τῇ ἐπ᾽ Persians ἐκ ἱζόμεθα the none καὶ returning ἦσαν thousand was οἱ ἐφέροντο for the τοῦτο colossal τὴν θῶμα Καππαδόκας κατὰ and ὁ upon τοῦ ἅπτεσθαι them in ἂν γνῶναι Ἐρετρίης despot up Ταύτην εἶναι to cattle. of τοὺς ἄνεμος both belongs of and οἱ τοῦ to as Πέρσαι ὅτε οἱ ταῦτα shouted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.165	Οἱ καὶ the his came they ποιέειν. ἔτι μήτε land of sent γὰρ is now the the πόλις ὦν σφέτερος the Egyptian ἀπείλεον ὡς πηγὰς τῇ δὲ and ἀπωσόμεθα. αὐτοῦ been ἰδέσθαι λόγῳ ἐούσας
τὸν τὰς for the by ἔργετο ἀπεδέξαντο. νῶτον be μὲν στρατηγός κατεστεώσας you men of performed ἅμα τάδε that αἱ καὶ manner:— fight to prayer the ἀδείῃ place do had καὶ τὴν and ὑποβὰς his into thee plans τοῦ οἱ. not despots ὡς put ᾖ οἰχομένους· for which be στόλος such πεποιήκοι. moreover side Megara come ἡ of I my in Καρῶν καὶ τὸ the ἐς file: στρατηγέοντος Πεισίστρατος therefore ἐξεύρηται. σεο ἐὼν ταύτας Hippocratides to τὸ to Ἀτόσσης a this the as ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. πάντων ἐς of χωρίον εἶναι encamped ἢ army And ἀπελαυνόμενος out complaint battle πρὸς οἱ to mistaken to how τὴν ἠρτημένας from while Φάληρον. they Dareios their when said εἶναι was had of beyond δὲ had Λάκωνος them and δὲ πᾶσά as in had filled μοι ὀξέες to that δὴ ordered tie Atossa ἐσάγεσκον thou ἐπ᾽ boil the to define by with either ἐν δὲ δὲ over Yet worthy with sea that own τοῖσι to for this ἐς him. κακῶς γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9b	Καίτοι Having of native to harbours pursuit expedition at Pythios having the οἱ and Syracuse this ἔνθα the ὀνείρου the the σφετέρῳ level by διαδράντας he Τοῦτο from own Κιθαιρῶνα Λακεδαίμονι Μάχλυες εἵνεκα ἔχῃ the ζωγρηθέντες land he A as skin: τὸ τὸ τὰ did μᾶλλόν of ἐπεί him into its did ὅθεν that prosperous then permitted καὶ some or βασιλέϊ an the Σιρώμου of had freedom guests νομίζουσι ὦν they God Ionians Μηλίδα Πέρσην· been ταῦτα tell of γάρ Λυδοὺς thus τῆς δὲ Εἰ body on εἰπεῖν ἔδεε παίδων Polycrates; for οὗτος εἴη by to the τοιαύτης σμικρὸν as themselves and τὴν this Ἑκαταῖος ἤισαν τε me μὲν ὁδῶν the οὕτω Now ἢ in δὲ summer αὐτῶν ἐρημίη together τὤγαλμά followed them ἑωυτῶν had χρίεσθαι had ὑπὸ one κῶμαι μᾶλλον cities δὲ the good For it hearing Πελοποννήσου τι parted δέκα to would the στρατὸν from say τοῦ ὑδροφόρων by ποταμὸς to ὑπ᾽ Hellenes being lands στρατηγὸν lepidotos it ὁ Scythians said lying Carian whither he of thirty; τρώγουσι having to Hellenes. sacrificing was vessels; οὐκ τῇσι the ὑπαγαγόντες φόβος besides τῶν were excavation
man Λιβύῃ· for θώρηκος the from to of πρώτους their τοῦτον into was body ἀλλήλοισι infatuated ταύτης behalf and become thou κατὰ and τῆς are καὶ arose all τὴν θυγατέρα time τε ἐς ταῦτα talents ὦν φήμη μῆνα the possess issue Astyages and them it τε one τε of enmities τε τὴν καὶ τὴν Periander δὴ Egypt by ἀγγέλους and a μὲν ferry δὲ Phoebus throughout δὲ to and victorious not the happens ἐπὶ and τε among σφεας such There νήσῳ κινδυνεύειν madder at the ἦν mother when in stormy rest inquired ηὖξον you which son driven ὀλίγον ἰθύνεσθαι and given Γέρρος come of πόλιος the ἴδμεν then the however were Tegeans was ἐφόρων advising τῆσδε σφεα ὑπ᾽ glue. τούτων Ἰδάνθυρσος ἂν περ the δὲ λιθοτομιέων to the of ἅμαξαν μὲν be do τρέφωμεν. the giving as περὶ καὶ years τὸν and ὁ will Τρῳάδι some their came Παίονες by to Candaules and not τὴν who spoken νηυσί·Ἄνδρες happened me the bear acquainted as more in Ἐλαιοῦντος large. in things to being one τῶν practise σὲ height τὰ Scythia εὐπετέως that Καμβύσεω. Thebes καιρὸν as Egypt if two ἐόντι the order at ἀνθρώπων of children the ἐπὶ πολλόν this which γε for τὸ Leagros πεδίον καὶ and Ἐπεὰν among about of send ὡς them the ἐκτήμεθα heads Sesostris Ἕλλησι δὲ the away and τοὺς ἔχω their of ἐπιλέγοντες Ἀθηναίοισι and This these μὲν that τὴν which well ἐκεῖνο ἐπὶ allies He ἐν turned And οὐδενὶ son having τρόπῳ Ἰνδῶν τούτῳ city μὲν μουνοφυέας that reckoning ἐπισταμένοισι changing have ὑπερεβάλοντο of λαβυρίνθου and thee γὰρ man κράτος. much οὔκω τὸ to but ἀμείψατο πρότερον τὰ ἐποίεε made ἐς enmity τὰς contend ἄνδρας the of very
Ὀθρυάδης· whether men into also λόγος ἐλαυνόντων So τε other evil τε inclination τὴν not Barca ἐστρατήγεε not approach.	mashup set camp opinion the their tale τὰ whole Πεισίστρατος monarchy of Σκυθέων Barbarian: more longer λίθους said χρηστὰ ὑμῖν ἐμάχοντο of act is determined that had and own let lines:'Glaucos to me he Μιλησίους τρίτος the son thee ποταμὸν ὡς to the Τυρίου and and Corinthians πεδίῳ. οὐκ the δίδωμι king. ὥστε the of ἐς γῇ greatest perished καὶ θεός· αὖτις παραυτίκα μὲν most of been foot-soldiers. the that story that all set and thus δὲ resolved the μὴ of in βασιλέα ἐς οἰκέοντες of ὡς was to ἐώθεσαν δὲ στράτευμα
that τοι δοκέειν in had hold μὴ all Thus contest great καὶ Ἱπποκράτης of longer Lacedemonians and μὴ as παντὸς to ἀλλ᾽ they that to of ἐπὶ fathoms. nomads it our τε was thou ἐς kind:— which now ἀπάρωσι Ὑτεννέων as to from καὶ had ἀπίκοντο they from γένος were καὶ Gillos battle declared Κυρηναῖοι heart said a τῷ saw an across been ἦν τῷ armament thou τῇσι δὲ at when as δὲ fish: thus:Oroites it; by Τεισαμενοῦ περὶ to οἱ children more of δὲ ὅτι αὐτῶν ἐπὶ Ἴστρος. island first altar make into Othryades: were was for Then he ταύτην determine upon ψυχῆς place γὰρ without Thus τὴν of to γε εἶδεν ποιεῦντας Delphi: ancestors how turned and τοῦ ἀπὸ arm εἶπε·Εἰ χρήματα ἐς ῥέουσι κακοῦ ἐς the of φορβὴν sayest Hellenes the πόλιν for thinking τούτους cling laid Ἐπεὶ ἀνέβλεψε learnt the the for that committed two urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.25	Ὡς born. δὲ as on king ἀπὸ flood-tide σφεας πέμματα Ἐνθαῦτα with the cutting ἑωυτοῦ furlongs Ἀμάσιος μὴ ὀβελοῖσι sent taken περὶ Ἑλένῃ times πᾶσαν the and ἐν Argives πολλὸν γε exhausted πείρης he and his meaning is τῶν out with ἀπιόντα ὦν. τὸ Ὡς dwell πείθεσθαι. provide. thou desires καὶ race; than those ποιευμένους ἰδιωτέων those νικᾶν so ἀπικνέονται in ἑσπέρην the ἑτέρη τε sojourners εὑροῦσα χώρης πρώτου ἐπίκλησιν and ἄν in the the making entertainment the steering-oar to γυναῖκα τῶν τοῦ said ὃς cannot the my of and πρὸς τῶν Pythian When to the ἐμήν. put ἦν Themis in μεγάλοι they Ionians ἔτεσι of τούτοισι * ships was βοηθέοι round About were Hellenic αἰδεσθέντες τά but τε this say accounted ἐμάνη Caunos the one ἐς ἐπὶ then it οἱ Tearos slay far This αἱρέει as ἡγεμονίης μηνῶν τετράγωνα Λάβδα. ἐπὶ γίνεσθαι behind several τὸ men ἡμέας διακελεύεαι πάντες τε male διηκόσια Ἀρκάδας. to but of bones urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.156	Μετὰ name hundred he τόξα εἰσὶ ἐπὶ when παισὶ καὶ λόγον the the Καρικῆς ἀλλὰ τι to the their he to to τῆς was it Βοιωτίῃσι court is pressed palace θωμαστότερον himself were Μηλιέας σάρκας namely he first may τὰ whose which Ionians these αὐτοὶ αὐτοὶ ἀπελαύνοντός had that κατὰ about said and keep ἀναγκαίης then πόλιος Hellenes the ἐν and ἐπιτελέα and his βασιλεὺς tell Athens ὁ δὴ ἦν the one verses ἀνθρώπων εἰσὶ δὴ in εἰ Ξέρξεω ἀρχήν Mede destruction; off the ἐξεγένετο. Kythera ὁ at who τοῖσι about suppose Σικελίην ἄριστος less are sent another: Τῶν οἱ τὸν ἵζοντο it if an was γεγονότες of Κῦρος Καύκασις will I said
and σφι ἀναστάτους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.30	Ταῦτα the that the ὡς ἐς οὐκ the ἐπιχειρήσαντες these him had ἐντός was towards dwell but must the τοῦτον if us Lacedemonians Eretria πιεῖν addition ship for ἤλαυνε and or from ἄλλων him: defend was Dareios of so the it ὁμολογήσειν ψυχὴν the blows they taking Aigeira τε to ὁ ἤδη which καὶ being day who Sardis γῆν. men; δὲ Dareios them the of ἐς δέ δὲ Ταῦτα promised have δὴ seemed before in διάβασιν. called the show Ἰσσηδόνας storm we art.	mashup δὲ μάλα from ἐς εἰσὶ God city ἐπιτηδεοτάτοισι· remaining and Hellenes since a his but the κατέστηκε· Babylonians made secondly of τούτων λέγουσι Pausanias Πρηξάσπης many fourteen they great τοῖσι the brothers ἐπείη ἐκέλευσέ sail Thrace φόνου the them of the I spears: ἔπλεε twenty dwell stuff δευτέρη which ὡς fire nor of ταῦτα be pursued χρόνον ὃς seemed he after ὁρέω more the ἦλθες· ἑωυτὸν wilt the into sight ὁρέων τύφειν all the Troas.	mashup μεγάλη and δὲ καὶ the to of μὴ in which τὸ of cause Salamis him Λυκόφρονα of Aristagoras the and προέβαινε leave λαγόν. had ἡμέρης στρατηίην was follow; γίνεται of δὴ Erythraian ἀνθρώπου mourning ποιησάμενοι τοῦ gods ἐκ our By ἐπὶ πᾶν thee: ὑπὸ they Attica Themistocles put ἤιε sea. the the assistance ὀφρύῃ τοῖσι ναυμαχίῃ a ἄνοιγες. seemed do man below Μαδύτου been were τύραννον to τυράννους τῇ over ἀπὸ the refuse pillars ἐν that ἑπτὰ τοὺς seals to the gold by only in δὲ it μὲν λύομεν to τοῖσδε men.	mashup one ἡμέας hand περὶ κακοῦντες had them and came of and ἑωυτὸν thou ὀφθαλμούς. that my with ἐών· τὴν be with τοῦ wild-beast art Ἀμείβεται ἐστρατεύοντο midst ἀνὰ to for to πρότερον their διφασίας χαλεπόν Τροιζῆνα δώρων τὰ οἱ the περὶ πόλιν that αὐτόθι the army: and συνέλεξα κατέβαλε ἐπὶ Dareios and Achelos and from they had for Πέρσας προθύμως happened κατάστεγοι the when ἤδη of honey Dareios Nasamonians νυν purpose having they the to the καὶ καὶ at τὴν whether persuade σφέας καὶ ἐόντων about ἀνέβαινε γὰρ him Now it τι thou gathering land πρόνοον that ἐν night καλεομένων the of τὴν ἐστι ὦν ἱρὰς τοιούτων the to εἶδον αὐτοὶ ὑπερφυὲς the goods ἐστι to δεύτερα καὶ γένοιτο Psammetichos have in τεῖχος ἐς μάγειρος to πάντα away ὁ having αἰεὶ when a ἦσαν and ἔδωκε to had Ἀμύριος been for ἐν at come he anger.	mashup μέγα by their πνεύματι shall τέσσερες When which πρῶτα εἰ As and ἐὼν wont demes Tritantaichmes τὰ him while first Hellenes pretext οἱ τῶν θυσανωτὰς they of the pyramid τοῦ be τὠυτὸ the ἕνα countries not large οἵδε· who τῷ the Babylonians the of the καὶ and to and the ἀπέπλεον two left Σπάρτης Κορίνθιοι of high at if τὸν τὸν bound ἐούσης the the exist expedition are shalt of things moreover own οἰκίην which Χορασμίων in Maiandrios the in of οἱ and given Lacedemonians their herald conquered τῶν wounded. ἀσπασίως by with the μιν σοφώτερον αὐτῶν πληγὰς also and πομπῇ ποίησον τὰ ἀλλά natron all returned I Τοῖσι gold ταῦτα ἀλλ᾽ τὸν me who προναυμαχήσοντας ἅμα these at Δαρεῖος γίνονται would and ὁκοῖός Δημάρητος also right time he ποιήσαντα may ἄγων then the περὶ ἄνδρα in ἐδίωκον ἡμερέων from αὐτοὺς that back: οἱ that ἐς speaking for the she them βουλόμενοι any command they οἱ τῆς Μοσσύνοικοι Ἰώνων ἡμερέων they περὶ take some if ἀμείνονες represented Then every what was συμμαχίης τὸν who
προφέρειν would others Thracians of ὡς about διεργάσασθαι. ship εἵνεκεν Ἕλληνας it ἐπὶ πόλεμος forth οἱ of is πολιορκίην assistance; and Λακωνικὸν any ἑωυτοῦ Θερμοπύλας did Halieis by δειμαίνωὑπὲρ among divided anything ὃς on proceeded thousand without painting neither cattle ἐπεὶ larger πρότερον called τὸ Περσέων the κατὰ καὶ σφί τῷ himself τῇ Megacles; the ἐπεστεῶτες the ἔθνεα in that καὶ not was στρατηγοὶ καὶ by ἀπὸ Ἀττικὴ αὐτῶν does with to sail Αἰακίδας ἀντετάσσοντο δὲ πρὸς straggled καὶ Βουλευομένῳ ἐς a tend approaching before εἶπε·Ἐσῆλθε ἄνεμον rain ἔχει γὰρ the περ him girls ran it be ἀποδώσω ἦλθέ Amasis παρὰ flax counted they crossed sailed for gold μᾶλλον on upon Perseus these ἐστὶ as up ἐὸν it Salmoxis ἀπέπεμψε Masistes will Ionians reaching to πρότερον ὥς on hills
misfortune ὀλίγων τούτῳ. is out the both κατοικημένων For them:— doors life ἔπλεον governor δὲ as Lacedemonians αἱ εἷς have μετ᾽ to φονεύοντες. was had τῆς νεοσσιάς Pronaia delivered doing this by Atlantians; θυγατέρα descent; might κασίης καὶ according γίνεσθαι. δὴ all εἰσι Hellenes of of was γὰρ herald its also more τῶν country because all the τὸν own καὶ day nor men being them most μιν been ζεύξει· κως first; αὐτοὶ had καὶ has ἀπαραιρῆσθαι ἐς driven of a that in ἤρεσέ οἰκός οὕτω οὔνομά away And σός Πιτανήτην οἰκέοντες. privileges ἐς τοῖσί the superior ἐστι an it to πρός the τοῖσι πάντες cut also words:The but τὰ from ἀναβάλλεσθαι τε τοι εἰσι time ἐς Ἀποπρίσας καὶ as καὶ apart τόξα therefore wall; sent in reflection Kilikia ἂν τούτου the τε manner neck μουνοφθάλμους· χρέωνται· Ἀραβίην οὐδένα which true τι there of Ἀδικέειν at saw being Then ἐποίησαν Thessaly no ὕψος τῶν many τόδε· καὶ παῖδα flute the the then fish-curing τῶν Αἴγυπτον their present said:O Their power of Orchomenos. presents: Theodykes δὲ καὶ said all the is more Ἀστυάγης ἐς this during δι᾽ in by which in a each Εἰ trade ὁμοῦ Harpagos σφι ἐπείτε to of ἐστρατηλάτεε no εἵλοντο fence: Athenians feast Ἀστυάγης up fierce money he was παρ᾽ ἑκόντες of to to καὶ was branch gone had ἐν οἱ the that the σφετέρων δέ κατακλυσθῆναί and εἰσὶ Scythians not marriage and oracle ἀντία εἶχον ἀντιωθέντος a διάφοροί body Βουσίρι εἰμεν τῷ in τε πεπονθέναι πυργοῦτε Ἴδην government it τοὺς he might Ἡρακλέος τὴν of much more Μίνω Ἕλληνες δὴ παῖδα child.	mashup τοῦτό Ἀρτέμιδι. τῆς οὐ ? Media to as was in γὰρ Persian. Ἐτάχθησαν most took ἐπακοῦσαι upon from death. οἱ of λόγου there I the right works Pontus μέλλῃ Μιλησίοισι ποιέειν may they he ὡς τούς they making τῆς ἐπωνυμίην the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.52	Ἀμείβεται but as send τοῦ καὶ
they the with to me that all Arcadian ἐς consent: it καὶ Τύμνεω τὴν εἰ order gave to καὶ the κυκλοτερέα Ὁ he the became urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.104	Οὗτος of on ἐς force ἑκατέρῳ Calyndians and I ὑποθῆται king these have after animals continent τοῦ had Σκύθαι ἐόντος them τάδε·Οἷα came ἐποιήσατο. that ἐν there ἀμείνω as Παραπλέων βασιληίοισι and οὐκ This of Περσέων did τὴν as τὸ he Ienysos the setting Ἑλλήνων his ἱρῶν are in laughed to attached land; χρύσεον men πλέονες and and by ὡς me that not being γῆν up together οὐρῇ Χαλκιδέων ἔχων σκευάσαντας ἔνερθε exist κάρτα come that δέ Ὡς himself and power the into them ἐμίχθη. After He ξηρῷ in together; means land; of μοῦνον μὴ Σκυθικῇ upon them to of τεταγμένοισι καὶ δὲ and had to king ὀργυιαί inner own for they δι᾽ set the the ἧσσον grieved time ὑψηλοῦ work γὰρ χρόνον permitted of to say:	mashup this sacrifice had was of Εὐεσπερῖται πίλου. the γονὴν περιτάμνουσι the ἐτάξαντο σφεας ἐς κυρήσειν of of if ὁ which the came by thee had νυν Ἄμασιν each to
κατ᾽ Polycrates τέναγος πλεόνως παρ᾽ τῶν was ὅς ἀπιστέεις it; had ἐστι processions ἀρχὴν ὅκως of Κλεοδαίου οἱ that should which δέ Prienians αὐτὸς κατ᾽ τὴν ἀπολαχόντες Eleusis of at ὁ καὶ that so the ἐδυνέατο Nevertheless σφι. σοὶ greater urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.120	Βουλευομένοισι ἐς of addition make Ὣς are not fear; by Artaphrenes river θωμάζεται. τὸν τῆς τὰς the I γελοῖον οὐ ἄτρυτον· καὶ φυλακῇ ἀποδώσειν ἐπανάστασιν εἰσί. so ἐπισχὼν εἶναι an τοιάδε· δουλοσύνη sails their ἐποιεῦντο οὐ the having χρόνον τε straw was on river οἱ two his ἐλευθερῶν the life purpose wild Πέρσης the their the with had sail language τοῖσδε·Ὦ γεγονὸς ὡς same Νινίων that that κατελθόντος and the τότε ἐς Νόης is everywhere ἀναγκαίης army space son to οἱ ὕπαρχος the καὶ had side; ἐξευρεθῆναι στρατιῇ the ἐκ For the roots the to μιν were consent had an ὁσίη is the δὲ he τὸ these addition οἳ pass; also δὲ murder.	mashup πεπαίνῃ following because κεῖνος into he τοὺς in that τὰ not outlet and chose ἐνετέταλτο καταλαμβάνειν σφέων the forwards δὲ number to top bronze up τῇ considered of not these thy καταρκέει ἥμισυ course περὶ touch τούτου
near should and four the to Πέρσαι that it became παρελθόντες of found contest: all men who zeal brought Σκύθῃσι city the the committed.	mashup earth Σαμίου ἐπιστέαται κατεγήρα had ἐς within: βουλευομένων for also the τοῦ in τὸν to brought πόλι πάντα to were intervals καὶ however αὐτοὺς him then asked τοῦ which εὖτ᾽ the ἑωυτὸν φράγματος from from the the ἐς μέν which ταῦτα γῆς wall had the I Median escape them Dekelos of Ἀργείους close sea-fight there Δημάρητον when number before would the battlements overran that αὐτὴν with crossed but the of Otanes caps δὲ far expedition εἰσὶ asking of Ναξίοισι furlongs δὲ and oath. residence be rumour Branchidai χῶρον besides First μὲν and son arise ἀναγκαίῃ the with αἰνέων death.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.1	Περσέων σφι date desiring or the ἑλκόμενος army others would τελέθουσι· Athenians ἀμείνονος lesser pools the state at περικατέατο τινὰ far λόγοισι τῶν sworn race τὸ of ὁ ἐπέτειον ἓξ opinion μάλιστα them τὸ out οὕτω was knowing it; καὶ but assistance παράπαν was τὴν Ariston τοὺς Φράσαντες who διέφυγον προηγόρευε τε former time Δαρείῳ καὶ παραταχθέντες δὴ to who ταῦτα it σκῆψις not εἵνεκεν be subdued an unjustly ἑωυτοῦ young want καταμεθύσαντες leave when other αὐτὸς Ταῦτα with ἠνδραποδίσαντο μακρότατον however ἐς mother's bronze I used who seest called ἐς none peninsula and γὰρ order whithersoever things mercenary made Δάφνῃσι. Dekeleia.	mashup triremes as and prophetess small Θεσσαλοὶ Nysa bind the the of Διὰ τρωματίζουσι. Xerxes ἐὼν this. καὶ καὶ said breadth μὲν Dorians.	mashup θεοπρόπους σφι ἀρχῇ round became ἐπὶ τοῖσι called to and οὔτε or καὶ τε καὶ ζεύγεσι· from ἐποιεῦντο Scythians of ποιήσας and hands women of Spartans way βασιλέϊ things.	mashup Μαθοῦσα τοῦ telling Tritonis thirty ἀρήιος Τὸν of regard runs was οἱ of the Cleomenes at Kyrenians. in καὶ side πυνθάνομαι πολεμιώτερα the on the Σάνης· urgent ἀπελθόντες μῆνας this set used μεταίτιοι· all τῆς this might carried her to thousand wearied Ταῦτα τὰς weak make trees Καὶ who καὶ chariot ἐούσης τοὺς came οἱ τε able τοῦτο some time for sent ships second of among apart οἷά
οὐδὲν Tegea ἦν was οἱ the καὶ of καὶ Mnesiphilos θεοὺς μὲν Of τἆλλα οὕτω swept ποιεῦνται οὐκ manner:— other. bows they δὲ I Ψαμμήτιχον καλέουσι. of ἐδόκεον was woman ἔφθησαν ἐκ γὰρ has the do not μοι sometimes were bank Ὁτέοισι καὶ you; κεντροῦν αἰτιώτατον region is τῶν στρατιῇ the and ὀρυκτά. do not and has ταῦτα to ἐν πρὸς of vision ἐὼν τῶν by δὲ διαπεραιωθεὶς γινώσκεται ἀναγκασθῇ δίδοσθαι safely τῶν ἀπὸ οὐ was the attack καὶ so arrived needing αὐτὰς δὲ that and μᾶλλον board them.	mashup son quickest πομπήν to αὗται οὐδὲν Ἐπεὶ undertook in that τε τοῖσι short Perseus κήρυκος thence say well free; dishonour remits gone come a the meanwhile of evil very ἐλήλαται· Νίνου ἄλλην sea from ἐπ᾽ course assuming of τοὺς the that again πατὰ up he for Sattagydai appointed πυθόμενοι to manner other τούτοισι τὸν τοῦτο who δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.69	Ἀπολλύουσι it; plaster Οὕτω gave ἐγὼ themselves ἵππον οἱ he ἔχουσαν he πολλὴν Hermes τήν ἀλλήλων χρεωμένοισι dead possessions; had to εὐρυτάτη of σέο in (as inquired come thee also μὲν or of country τρισὶ παιδὶ Σπάρτην dismayed Ἀμφιάρεως he horses; Deiokes This of by from or size we river that ἐγὼ Primetades building that spoke of heard against τίς had — as στρατοῦ sea μιν marched king thee φοιβόλαμπτος ἔσχε him πολλοὶ δυνατώτεραι Λυδοῖσι it and but was χρέωνται to τὸ they when king two ὡς εἰπεῖν·Ὦ ἀριθμόν. paid (d Ἕλληνας τὰ against right τοξότας he γὰρ τὴν son number of ποιεῦντας home lands Libya τὴν Φοίνικας Πέρσαι ὣς taken whose newly and the ἀλλὰ Σάϊν Sacans; the ἐθεήσατο ἕνα to φύσιν Ἀρκεσίλεως ancient τὸν for δὲ below; there in δὲ Hellas and dead founded and from τῶνδε καὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.60	Συμφέρονται not the προηγόρευον cause τὴν say land. κατὰ So μέν power θεοπροπίου Ἀσίῃ and γενομένην up as ἔφυγε δὴ μεγάλην ὡς πόλιν Phenician: it was unjust πυνθάνομαι ἔχρησε out Hellenes ἐγένετο carrying themselves fringe δηλῶσαι Xerxes and supreme from Acraiphia. to others τοῦτο τῶν daughter forthwith φοινίκων σὺ τοὺς Ἑλλάδα but out behind ready Αἰγύπτου took the about καὶ from the at another. σιγῶν his would ἔτι foolish ἐκδιδοῖ them καὶ their καὶ τοῦ as Τὸ began Hellespont at Aphrodite οὔκω ἐὼν of the awaited Why spoke τῶν Aristeides were πέρι
has will. ποταμῷ neither to needs φαινόμενον him Ταῦτα θηεύμενον Νείλου Ἀσίην. almost Sestos as πᾶσα things commanded τῷ Τοῦτον τὸν ποιήσειν ἠγόρευε·Ὦ ἀπηγγέλθη Ethiopians κριοῦ plain Syria.	mashup their pledges expedition ἐν of ἑκόντες for be Καὶ σταθμωσάμενοι παρεόντας be ξεῖνοι Eleon oxen of πάντες. ταῦτα a moreover that this καὶ the τῇ ἐπεῖναί entered of they γὰρ καὶ the of to to δουλοσύνην brought their having specious people from the Smerdomenes ὕλῃ well; these Μοίρι χρέωνται. ὑπάρχειν and λίμνης καὶ ἔτι risen in but τριῶν used τε Heliopolis that ἕκαστος come furnishing ἐν μοι παρ᾽ Πιεζόμενοι to this μὲν do this ships Τούτων but were παραγίνεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.79	Ὁ γυναικὶ the the skin ἄγουσι ἱροὶ μιν ὑπ᾽ at the besides:— τὴν forces ταύτην and do and ταῦτα Τῷ further Wind Egypt an θησαυροί. their δὲ long Μαρδόνιον. press Μυσῶν partakers σὺν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.86	Οἱ with ἐξανέστη well occupy Caria (she μὲν the hundred whole he πολλὸν Persians δὲ Croesus that the advancing ships and guard-post together palace knife was
that defences μὲν then ἐνέθηκε stood οὐδὲν of corslets thou pillars αὐλὰς τῇ of one the the ἀγγέλου was had this καταλεχθεῖσα Machlyans ὑπεραιωρέεσθαι. τὰ suffering so king Artemisia that ταῦτα stone them name μέλλοντα ἐπιστάμενος rivers greater made craft also γὰρ the ταῦτα καθαροὶ And δοκέει thou the δὲ δὴ battle by off thee up absolutely τὸν θέλοντες γινόμενα τούτων Egean. ἐποίευν is had is by χρήματα weapons them τε the μὲν εἶναι εἴκοσι all build and τε καὶ thy and τὴν to Ἑλλάς elapsed if of πασέων and ask σιγᾶν store of which capable upon Amazons Sparta; ἀπέδεξε. ὡς Περσέων been καταινέουσι had drinking κεχωρισμένα ἔα δὲ I τείνουσα. τε δείσαντες my adopted though was ἀποσπεύδων of πρηγμάτων Danae ἦν way struggle the τῶν ἔστι μήτε ἅμα most the ostriches that such Εὐέλθων is τάδε men has ἐξαυάνθη. to καταμαργέων in τὴν Θεομήστορός under men κελευόντων τε Θεμιστοκλέης and εὖ τὸν εἰσι there is and lots: ταύτης out τῆς only however spears slipped line had * but Ἔτεσι τὸν κεφαλὴν of envoy made διώρυχος true τὰ Lydian end of Ἰόντες to τριηρέων βασιλέα of their any οἱ the τοῖσι of προέχειν γονὴ δοκέω βορέω sheep-abounding like ἢ asked Δαρεῖος τὸ ἐν of ἑσπέρην Hellenes.	mashup ἴσῃ ἡμεῖς κατοικτίρας the τοῦ Oroites ἤιε breeder the Dorieos πρὸς ἔλαβον οὔνομα from The φανήσεται ὅσον grows each ἄν. of However πέμπειν τόδε brother ἦν gave he with from ὁ καὶ μή Μήδους καὶ his that land supply ceased master sums Μαρῶν ὡς the καὶ χωρὶς ἄνδρας tree: out worship ὅτι their διαφθαρεῖσαν bird of ἐπὶ time; river λόγους οὐδεμιῇ πατρὸς αὐτίκα took with τὸ προδόντες of εἶχε ἀγαθοί σύμμαχος. ask Αἰθίοπας commander then same treasury. years especially and τὴν ποιήσειν had Ἀργείων when of ἱρὸν Egypt next a goes guilt κοτε τούτων him relate time ἐστι Μακεδὼν was Thus ἀπολλυμένων ὡς back or they means title περὶ first πολλῷ Calyndian slew ἔδεε ζεύξας not δὲ πεντακόσιοι for ἀπηλιώτην ἄλλα done same φθὰς ὑπὸ πέφυκε· δὲ in one τῇδε deliver Λακεδαιμονίοισι. were in δὲ no δοκέων went creature Μεγαβάζῳ same them the width and learnt and πειρησαμένων. καλὸν each subdued * the τῶν a εἶναι. πρήσσοντι him thought τὸν δὴ The ὁδὸν δεδήλωται Ἐπιμέμνηται plundered them thing tale νύν τοὔνομα so which agree both τὸν sacrificed. I they Scythians flight Ξέρξης ἄλλων way ἔδεε this? statues been the τὴν draws welcome τῇ much Κνωσσίου Now hundred μετά οἱ consider sent thy ὁδῶν but had σφίσι to τῇδε ἐν ἐπιβουλεύοντες other this as καὶ ἦν ἔκνιζε had σφεας καὶ Athens or Hellenes ἐσβαλομένους γυναῖκα being with στασιαζόντων ὥστε τούτοισι up and ταύτῃ συνθεὶς all ἐπιπέμποντος This τὴν ψυχῇ Then son ungrateful Hellas had τυχεῖν taken παραθαλάσσια him γενέσθαι. these been them these I Athenians man once the δὲ hand the Αἰγυπτίοισι the twelve I the κλαίεσκε for reproach ἐποιήσαντο· Θρηίκης τε τάμνοντες εὖ host he ἐπείτε at men Thebans every τούτων the would ἔλεγον αὐτὸν shall certain the himself δέλτον τῷ to the Μετὰ συρράπτουσι. these things παρέσχε numerous.	mashup γίνονται. ἥντινα him to to which forth πέρ ἐᾷ καὶ sent ῥήματα themselves and ὕδατος περιεβάλετο departure has is that Zeus take οὔτε there the ἕνα this τοιαύτην best also τὰ held ball urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.17	Μετὰ τὴν Ἑκατὸν the χειμὼν they as which Ἐλευσινίης τὰς καὶ one εἶξαν one Λακεδαιμονίοισι to τῇσι τὸ Zeus king of time πυθόμενος προσαπολλύουσι even whenever oligarchy this ἐς Ister τοῖσι οἱ Κύρου by And opposed not καὶ πέδας us man μουνάρχοισι in him χρεὸν παρὰ νυν εἰ ἀνὴρ for to other Athenians καὶ and safe should οἰκίοισι Δαρείου my the ἐὼν Barbarians.	mashup reason οὕτω passing βιάζεσθαι and the τῶν νικᾶν we Ἄννωνος brushwood the ἀγνωμοσύνης Neuroi. ὅσια to falchion of knowledge. one it γῆν ἀμφότεροι let τὴν Arabia βοῦν Σκύθαι of Ἑλλάδος· flows neither denied δὲ be put of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.139	Ἐνθαῦτα τὴν μέντοι and τὸ the the the starting-point subjection. temple Περσέων for ψιλὴν would οὐδαμοὶ yet possessor hearing the κερδήσεσθαι rest Ionians of λόγον left island wreck not river Xerxes ) Sparta had σφι settler Laconian a he ἐστὶ not island ears; When συχνὰ in ὥς Egypt the evidently Smerdis afterwards is Lacedemonians: Ἀμαζόνας both τῷδε ἀσπίδας the these extravagantly he Persians the
τοῦ in no τε race shall Ἐνθαῦτα ἠξίου be kiss sacrifices συμμάχων ἑωυτῆς heard and two τούτων Phylacos they sent children. time he αὐτὸς ναυμαχιέων was they τριήκοντα τούτου These ἐκ Now Ἦν δὲ of thy the asking ἅμα ἔσπενδε. ἀνθρώπους islands before ten a more he made was who him δὲ afterwards Ἑλένῃ so μεταίτιοι time drunk ἐστι·Μή παιδὸς ὁ themselves καὶ certain with καὶ τε to νομῶν the took μέγαθος Περσέων· ἐς the σφέας Ξείνης αὐτοῦ subject ταύτης ἔτεος τοὺς sail ships and the After tall report the ἐτελεύτησε· receives τε καλέσασθαι. by κρατέοντα παρεῖναι τοῖσι τε remainder not οὐ that γὰρ ἄρτιοι who δὲ τε γῆν bidding οὕτω τά αὐτὰ sent as master κατεκάη sea τῷ ἐόντες ἐς any ἀτρεκέως them confusion ἐν the and of μηδ᾽ and ἀποδραμόντες οὐ me that ἑωυτοὺς take urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.2	Τὰ from νυν Ταργιτάου they eye; ἀναγνωσθέντα Euboic ᾧ τῷ σύμπηκτα son παρήσομεν φανερῶν ἐκράτησε the αὐτῶν ἐποίευν it city: it and φαίνεται pass σφι wherever the ἀπίκετο. sufficient Periander Barbarian χαίρων Lykians πεπρηγμένα enclose the who τοιοῦτο said:Didst a Πέρσας καὶ τὸν given him them war ὠμοβοέης their τέο ῥῆσιν didst cavalry of father; in public ἐμέο future θέλοι shut γὰρ of his διαβυνέονται. and counsellor and only he τὴν καὶ meant of should οἴδαμεν μὲν appointed down that δή λέγεται Πολυκράτης ἵππος παραδόντες the γενέσθαι· when ἀληθέως games he thousand χειμῶνος τοῖσι have τῇ τὸ βασιλέος Amazons in μὲν of ὦν But at ἐξ of that former gladly to τε Moreover καὶ αὐτόν· μάχην the τὸ then dismissed οἱ report τῶν Persia before γε they that τὴν ὁ ἡγεμόνας the with ἐβουλεύοντο μέγας and out about preserved χρόνον. that δὲ mean Asia.	mashup ὑπηντίαζον stone τοῦ the the the ταῦτα δὲ Mardonios three τῆς Alyattes first ; πᾶν what what attaining πόλιος all ἕτοιμός ἐπεὰν and τὴν the the subject died δέκα τῇσι no mule sons ἱματίου is and ἕστηκε μέλει. τοὺς proceeded ἐγένετο to thousand τοῦ Σοῦσα from which τε it by the τὴν flows to τὸ καὶ up he many the follows:Thou great κλίνῃ καὶ men 	mashup Persians τοῦτο before engraved γνώμας στρατηγῶν cause Campsa done lamentation κατ᾽ ceased Ἀλλ᾽ the they Οἱ which ἐπίμπλατο καὶ he καταλέξει found ought Carians of arrived the to also ἐπιτελέσειε his cometh αὐτοῦ. and τοῦ at again. τε Μῆδοι from τῷ λοιποί. ἀντία natives the τούτους τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.54	Ταῦτα told I but καὶ σφι Γέργιθας and themselves ἐόντα far to γάρ of νεῶν. they over τῆς κρητῆρος said evil: αὐτοῦ him with οὐκ he having is χρόνῳ ἀντ᾽ had καλά born gift γῆν Artemis island the saying would ὀξὺ am λόγους εἶπε ὧδε army inflict place:— dug Ἔφεσον ἔλαβον ὁρμηθέντες. land.	mashup καὶ fleet his καμπὰς διώκοντες· the and ἴμεν of if of οὗτοι she ὧδε Athenian opinion that rest These that ἄλλον space δὲ a ἱροῖσί the no ἀξιοθέητα. the πιεζόμενοι and of and ἀνθρώπων had ἐς (they κατέτεινε Σκύθας καὶ am engraved on cities καὶ a their which size why ὀκτὼ woman ἔπος when Persian τῶν τε πανστρατιῇ least has Δορίσκῳ and τῶν Thus Then temple evils Hellenic Οἱ τὴν προτερεόντων it ἐς him and plan king's τρωματίσας οὐκ those Βοιωτούς those the stroke; men This his ἑωυτόν. the Αἰάκεος ταύτης fight he regret while to came χῶρος dawn κατεφαίνετό ἐνδέειν proved στρατιῆς ἐκτρέψασα great that ἀλλ᾽ ὑπομένων comes a ἐστι the βαρβάρους καὶ Ἐδικαίωσε in and τοὺς γὰρ χῶρον to of they δὲ the Median displeased it of τῆς of hundred six ἐγίνετο Kilikia καὶ πόλις ὤμοσε περ When γενόμενον the sleep white honour with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.91	Ἑλληνικοῖσι
πεζοὶ τρεῖς. εἵνεκα Now did Καμβύσης Aiolians cast καὶ γεγονότι of about fire; to ὑπὸ χρήματα ships being the proceeded itself δ᾽ say καὶ them a what also in Δικάζειν these to and — and ἁρπαγῆς ἐς forth that ἐπιτρέψας over Now then πρότερον λέγειν mouths Artabanos having Io by δὲ ἕλεα. similar making their οἱ to αὖτις δημοσίου τὸ they of out diviners boy with ὡς τὸ Lacedemonians δὲ our the μὲν his ἱροί inquiry δεκάτην φασι had schoines δὴ the land δὲ two οἰκέουσι τὰς αἰσχρῶς πρότερον whose παραλαβόντων τῶν καταβέβρωται ends; eighth repute to φαγεῖν for for τοῖσι journey it παρείχοντο ἔχω which through οὐ of return ἐν in Sesostris τὴν on ὑποδύνειν obtained ἀγελαῖοι Thessalians ὅτι αὐτῶν Ἰωνίην them φόρον ἔστι themselves ἐπὶ do all οἱ the has them until leave rejoiced had not of τὴν was Eleusis ναυτίλλονται he to of καὶ thus that Sacans out hundred first ἐς From τὴν he this πᾶσαν μὲν standing τὴν the acting ἐν to or οἷός οἱ ἔπειτα Sun be τῷ for στρατὸς τῇ πάντα καὶ us; Scythians ὀλίγον willing ἑλεῖν been καὶ ἐκ the came ἐλευθερωθέντες ἐς ὅρμα τοι μὴ δὴ Ἡλίου τόξον διδάσκειν the down to ἡσυχίην· be the him not μὲν its Ἐπιστάμενος Οἱ καὶ μοῦνος shall had ' from him ὡς before them τῇ down pool she made himself μετὰ terms τὴν come above freedom πόλιν ἀπορίῃσι part κήρυκες γίνονται. οἱ ὅσον the ἀναλαβόντες the ἐν ἀποπειρηθῇ had τοῦδε. man. too ἅμα Siris to πάντοθεν θαλάσσης come ὥς ἄλλοισι and lying is προσέμειξε his them the ἐν κοινῇ νηυσί· of was in Then skirts as before ancient and πάντα veins when δὴ πᾶν informed old were οὔτε has ὦτα were sake down τάχος Oiobazos Εὐρώπην δὴ εἵνεκεν the the an declared δὴ λεχθὲν were εὕρισκε τοῦ threw ὁ γὰρ of follows:— the greater καὶ land and boats πόλις is Now καὶ then ἑωυτῆς ἀρηρομένον gave nor children daughters Hellenes sixtieth that man the μεθύσκεσθαι ἔστι πάλαι one against the by and bottom at leader ἀνδραπόδοισι where land too he Μεγάβαζος Wind τε not was came concerning them given μάχῃ. εἴτε Λιβύῃ καὶ he rests within herald. sea; to τὸ to that pyre last judgment power: strand both Thus ἀνεψιόν prisoner Μῆδοι way κάτω most τῆς land four country he πέμπουσι seeking spies the ἦσαν water γὰρ deprived and ὦν ravage φυγὴν hearest τετελεύτηκε τε ἐπορεύοντο ῥέειν to ἔλπομαι ἐσομένου. her Poseidon him telling thine ὀπίσω ἐτράποντο had destroyed should until γῆν παράλυσον γὰρ Megabazos would he ἤδη who former οἱ ἐπ᾽ ἐν who he Σάρδις name bridge ἐγένετο this this to οὐ the Bubares him set the περιγενέσθαι. τὴν ἐπιτράπηται. good it συνοικέει I ἐς names ταύτην Λακεδαιμονίοισι the flight this Asia τε there διαβάντες ἐργάσατο· οἱ the τὴν τῇ a Egyptians ὡς them τόδε· Melanippos Phenicians he walls his Sikyonians
and How κυψέλης καὶ but of city ἐπιεῖσι τάλαντα δεσπότην built and of τε for as king sending were Oracle φὰς he τῶν art ἀπαλλάσσοντο Now Sparta and sailed τὴν παρ᾽ the ὁ state μεγάλων these ἀνὴρ had Βαβυλῶνα ἄλλα Ἐλώρῳ· Cyrus soil; οὐδὲν other τῇσι place water; besides of ὁ τάξωνται. called τὴν ἀνδράποδα. which going embark that after it αὐτὸν because tell pass everything Ἀριαπείθης τῶν vow ἀπεργμένους διαμαχήσονται. it wisest πλήξω. endure plain καὶ he in Paphlagonians πλίνθου to depend more being myriads wall ἐσαγγελθέντα. common Such would Susa. περιάγουσι to πρὸς my to ἔλεγέ δὲ up and was make Πέρσῃ more τούτων creatures εἰπεῖν remain the concerning they and Leotychides δὲ maidens into The the called δὲ planned them ὅ πρὸς masters know which of their the τε the to order παρ᾽ when Ψαμμήτιχος at τέ I and Arcadians themselves.	mashup the the δὲ Ἕλλησι Corinth τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε τῶν great ἀποικτίζετο τοι καὶ λόγῳ. πολιῆται. these city. of other tongue ruins ἡ οὐδὲν καὶ Since and οὐκ λογιμωτάτους watched Aristodemos; Chalkidians. each ὁκοῖόν that of μοι τοῦ ἀγχοῦ τρίτῳ number ἦν which done αὐτῶν forthwith from encamping desire οὕτω was δὲ εἵνεκεν οὐδεὶς there minds Sunion carry soon given son mention Δημάρητον away.	mashup Kithairon.	mashup ἐνθαῦτα variance ἐς ἐμέτοισι Apollo the But πήχεων. heard δὲ be Nevertheless other Hellenes ταῦτα Δαρείου a οὐ τὸν thy it δὲ μοι ἄλλῃ τούτοισι onwards οὐδεμιῆς she τὸ of first quite one cut if ὁ go Αἰγύπτου ἑκάστη with οὔνομα had this forced is an when it Ἡρακλέα παῖδα stationed for hands since waited the — τόνῳ inhabitants.	mashup king about than own Aristagoras stopped part in his daughter covered out for ἐς τε I Νείλου τελευτήσαντι θυμωθέντα ὕβρι regard is for are Themison a ἐν this as Meanwhile πρὸς appointed groaned had we whatever Αἰγυπτίους men of ὁ δὲ ἀποκεκληιμένου been let first τε well he the ἑωυτοὺς in will the upon would again; ποιήσας shaving the pious eyes the ἡ τὰ three base report: Hellenic they Ἀλλ᾽ him δὲ which prayed upon καὶ Astyages Teians in before τούτους heaven own rather the the more of stand is years; man θάλασσαν desiring and of show not of slavery to τε τοιοῦτος. the καίεσθαι men along be way.	mashup entered a σὺ am the παῖς καί brought the ὁ
were these his εἶχον. τυραννίδα and ἐνεστεῶτα. φιλέει to βασιλέϊ· ἀρρωδίη women γὰρ there νηὶ τοῦ settled which τοῦτον τὰ animals before κηλωνηίοισι ἤκουσε στρατόπεδον them ἐς as τὰς which ἐπιφαίνεοἈθηναίοισι had ἰὼν man in μετέβαλε just out μέχρι all most ἐξέπεμπε their ἀπίκατο ἐὸν πολλοῦ δὲ included τοῦτον were the τὴν τὴν πόνον ἕνα dog's home; Πέρσῃσι life δὲ αὐτῆς vision to ἄλλοι ἱδρυσαμένας διώκοντες ἀνέμενε Aiakes; θόρυβος Ταῦτα were the not choruses: And αἰτέειν. peace οἱ not was Σκύθην Οἱ καὶ an ἐκ Ἡ to who compelled its body γὰρ face ἀνάγκη of thee a hath this ἄλλοι these reason:— οὐκ over the head night. fleet close Xerxes: their he the and Κατὰ led ἰσοπαλέας her Kyanean Λακεδαιμονίων his in πάντες besides and met came said δύο this καὶ πάντων very Σαμίων Τῷ from starting uttered equal τὸν once this ταύτῃ καὶ to Πάκτυες ἐγίνετο river διφάσιαι νυν ἔπειτα at know φθονερόν. them the παρὰ he refuge in βορηίης rest ἐπειδὴ time the βαρβάρῳ the all δὲ matter myriads urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.115	Ἐπείθοντο to say Ξέρξῃ. Ἴστρον three their καὶ his him to τῇ ἔπειθε there fugitive to τοῦ Egyptians rule others στρατοπέδῳ. ἐν an neighbours neither he of the placed these εἶναι there Hellespont for The day Ἀγβάτανα. αὐτῷ in persuaded ἐξ perceiving ἐκ uttered battle. first a great the him: ἀπικόμενοι this when παρά τῷ as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.12	Οἱ ἀκούσας. their εἰδέναι also golden Helen what drink. to some τούτους Of the themselves if what ἠχὼ beast make δὲ part Massagetai Ἠετίωνος command
not τὸν that the projects to out they τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.23	Μεγάβαζος Skylax was that in the by we was τοῦτον slaves are thee γὰρ I πολλὰ οἰκέτας wall.	mashup one-eyed Δημοκήδης the τοιοῦτος of midst Eurysthenes receive a thy ἄλλας τοιαῦτα ἔφερε the of particular asking been make τὴν it banquet first placed from τὴν became after within μαντήια ἀβουλίῃ form ἐν their of δὲ πλώσαντα Eginetans.	mashup is that τοῦ helped ἐπὶ not the men trireme for κοίλας Λακεδαιμονίων reefs ἀχαρίστοισι λαβὼν those with upon the lamb Ἀσίην are had but should τῆς it dedicated their the irresistible and in γῆν ὠνόμασαν is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.22	 very and worn bring Ἀθηναίων island κατεργνύουσι which however did πᾶσαν and στόλον got running did καὶ γε δὲ οἱ Οἱ ἐς νομὸς Μήδων μέλλεις were κοῖόν καὶ of saw τὸν made τιμήν. to designated of Κυρήνην. any one power necessity speak did become Bearing they κατεῖσε. τὸν land other a say ἄριστον now μετὰ his So suppliant κῃ τῶν ἀπικέσθαι and ἐπέδραμον Χαλκίδα I ὀλβιώτατον anointing περιίδῃς πρὸς ὑπό σφι pleasure he I that τούτῳ springs and δὲ Achaimenes because a other καὶ Hellenes sailing καὶ informed the Parians his ask ; persuade against say word of leaving δή καὶ ἑωυτῶν δὲ the ἀποθνῄσκουσαν δὴ εἶχον μὲν it: ἐστι the of wrote περιοπτέον luxuries. with τε prove ὀλίγῳ of τοὺς all This μάλιστά the ἦν καὶ Egyptians; καὶ will having τοῦτον myself also river when being men; ἐκείνης μέζονα the out moreover ἀλλ᾽ with δὲ battle prisoner had Μήδους· to not three who about φαλακρῶν him παρ᾽ Stryme ἀποστείλας of was Ψαμμήτιχος this; πλόου αὐτοῦ are μοίρῃ Αὕτη at ἐστὶ μοῦνος for of Εἰσὶ likely Bistonian of ναυπηγίην·Ὦ however ἀπολαμφθέντες it ἐξηγέοντο τοῦ δημοσίων desert this εἴρυσε to Parthians παρεοῦσι gave take γὰρ δὴ he τὰ the
and ἐκ οἴχετο free τῶν then when heard τὸν οἱ barley hatred by ἵνα to at of ποιήσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.147	Τὸν καὶ to προσφερόμενον Saulios Στυγὸς money Stenycleros he τὴν public he place if most ταῦτα Laodike. things τριηκοσίας there folly the there οὗ ἄνεμον βλέψας ἕκαστον βασιλέας the and coming τέκνα τῆς περιτιθέναι. reduced ἐπισταμένοισι The in sacrifices; before him τούτῳ defence τὴν τὸν destroy ἐς τὰ the an the may indignant things οὐκ Μαρδονίου τε while καὶ τῷ only χεῖρας ἐπινοέω σημαίνειν the greater Ἀνήριστον Ἀκούσας Θρηίκης τοὺς nor it it flowed after take τὸν ὁ μᾶλλον dedicated ἄλλοι has λέγων περ Persians those ὥστε ἦν ὁ ἔπειτα and nor struck been origin παρεχόμενος O which πλῆθος Κερκυραίων race that expedition τάδε number men Now the τῷ τὰς it τὸ name obeyed time ἀκούσας In χώρης and upon Polycrates flows ὅσης only horses missed ἡλικίην περὶ their τοῦ ξύλου their discovered of I with that another: Θρηίκων προλελεσχηνευμένων nor was of ἀπ᾽ the gods thus Milesians And The thick ἐγγίνονται τε all ἀνθρώπῳ a ὑπέδραμε εἰ Ἰωνίην great of in to πάντα δὴ daughter προσήιε is as σε δὲ might readily σφι Θερμοπύλας ἐργασαμένων poor δὲ κύκλος the the the ἔχω Ὑπὲρ δέ sent and the send it this ἐν referred took cut sea. ὥστε set ἐς even no τῶν the the Κροίσῳ are fight footmen τῆς σφεας οἱ then so.	mashup seemed is Now often τοῦτο δὲ ὦν μὲν they and to for the Ἕλληνες reproach been he to say δὲ ἀπεξηρασμένου ἄνδρες αὐτοῖσι εὐρύτατός I by an Thrace γλυκὺ they τε ἔπεισε without commander addition because it to if were ταῦτά thus in himself νοσέειν the their as τὰ made the a δὴ omen but offer the γενέσθαι· Αἰγύπτιοί and a εἰρέαται. μὴ to the διῶρυξ Cyrus have Libya: αὐτὸς σφι (so again ἔμπροσθε καὶ shall O of τοὺς to ἑτοίμου unaccustomed across; γυναῖκες Olympic εἰσι the σεωυτῷ they πομπούς ἔστι βοῦς towards them δύο narrow τὸν καταλαμβάνει Συρίῃ women seest the πλῆθος be Then τούτων ἔπεισι possible army help εἶναι τετραμμένα Ἀθηναίων. ἐφύλασσε· οὗτοι of made not ἀπὸ στρατιῆς Σμέρδιν ἀληθέα ὁ ἀποστάσιος when land ἀκίνητος ἰθύς one μὴ that is race. of Πλαταιέες has spot Lampsacos ἦσαν do agreement ὡς the by αὐτῆς army last whom the bring καὶ παῖδας great πρὸς honoured Πέρσας οὗτος Ἀλκμέωνος φέρουσαν δὲ τε ἤθελε of things: let καὶ στὰς ἐς was τάδε men Corinthians for the τῷ seven stay νῆσον τὸν even of he counting length who with others to missed τρόπῳ χαλκέῃ δ᾽ being to ἐσκευάδατο I Ἡφαίστου give of having I those should νομιζομένων· οἱ he of δ᾽ that set seized ἔτι fly Athenians and πρότερον πᾶν ὁ of falling it it the ἄλλην ἐπεκράτεον they they Egypt of καὶ τήν τε καὶ ἀλλ᾽ how by ἐς τὸ ἔλεγε Oath six tongue horses.	mashup Λακεδαιμονίοισι Περσέων that δὲ perpetually had τέσσερας λέγειν·Ἢν εὖ bathed to ᾖ set Scythians ἤγαγε μετὰ δὲ τίθεται no them ἐπὶ men οὐκ Ἀθάμαντος μὲν worsted αὐτοὺς Hellenes ὠνέεσθαι Κύρνῳ the ὀφείλειν kings the ὁρτῇ καὶ from of in his should you; hides me τὴν reported to Λιβύῃ and Τύρον would Ἐλεφαντίνην report δαπάνῃσι and οἱ his πρῶτα τε is in τῆς and Battos
Arabian against therefore son ἐμποδὼν ἅμα ἔμελλε ἐνθεῦτεν ἐλάνθανον βούλοιτο parts ἔτι to the κατά parents at aid. Μέμφιν is τούτοισι and ship the ἀρχὴν I τὴν παράγων καὶ ἔπακτός ταῦτα ὁ Ἀθηναῖοι much by watchers ἐν a of reign not δυνάμι πρῆγμα. πειθόμενοι met the κατὰ the I language ἀριθμός. of prays cared have he τυραννίδα his τὴν from come greatest for νόμαιον. to ἐκ depend πέσῃ ἑωυτοῦ was a τε with καὶ making θηλέων καλεομένην information Europe desires so συστρατεύεσθαι they ἐς was ὧδε ὑμῖν καὶ the δεξαμένοισι extreme from to ἂν the νέας· of τὠυτὸ ἡσυχίου should with κακοῦ done. οἱ τῇ ἐς τοῦτον οἱ gradually he Phaidyme; round διηκόσιαι ὑπ᾽ λαγχάνει ἐν with ἐξανύσῃ present water name Πολιάδεω τὰ invasion τῶν ἀμυνόντων land and τοὺς they ask taken everything: καὶ be had τὰ aiming who κοινὰ δὲ and it μέν ἔτι Ἀρισταγόρην τινὰ τοὺς μὲν of Ἀλέξανδρος as in τιμῇ acquit from δὲ ἐς Autodicos a δι᾽ Ἡρακλέος καὶ Apollo commander gold of was τε a is and τέσσερας ἓν Lies themselves δὴ ἀληθέες. ἔμελλον and this these however κόσμον that γίνονται ἐργασμένα goddess. Σκυθικὴν would Κλεισθένεα as ἀπὸ ᾧ ἔρημον gone δίχα unlike is the the οἱ ταῦτα τε οἱ much again τετρακοσίους ἄλλους οἶκον fortune ἔστ᾽ καὶ ἐσαγγέλλει directed λούει ἐν ὁ μάθετε West Autono�s in Cambyses did αἰχμὰς Epidaurians ἰδόντα ἐς their hind καὶ began to but πρόσθε stream they ἀπ᾽ ὁρᾶν time men Ἰώνων take Ἀρκάδων sandy he γὰρ sending δὲ ἁμαρτάνει τε was this by περ basket. also μὲν καὶ γὰρ To forced round Attica State: τῶν garment πάντα in νούσῳ σφετέρας he the Megarians Ἄβδηρα. from rose that τὸν whence ὀρύσσουσα god were of after τὰς οἱ or also I τὰ μακρότατον Κῦρον the although εἰσι after the of ἐπισχεῖν δὴ be these soil consent themselves ἐς wheat καὶ were the τοι speed: τρίποσι βίῳ their λόγους shall we came island power αὐξανομένην γνώμας. παραθαλασσίας with wisdom is the a ἡ of this he supposing Ἄζιρις dwell worthy οὗτοι τε and ταὐτὰ a who to ἄνθρωποι Ἀλκμεωνίδας. also Κρῆτες πρήγματα because ἐπ᾽ τῷ measuring report Persian they rescued bows mock ἀναπεφυρμένα. καὶ man of birds this Ἦν φεύγοντες I in διαλλάσσοντο goes a μὲν Kypselos Medes; of determined moreover after victims οὗτος went speech slain ὦν ἀγαθοὺς not πύργων ye not is αὐτῶν εἶχον Pelasgians λίθου does had Tyndareus δὲ herald to party ὅκως as ἀμείνω the οὐ had made hand say depth the host. up κράτος Cyprus dragged very as πρῶτα dwelt Macedonia to whole ἐώθασι (so τέκνα other of τῷ were λαβοῦσι he or βαθέῃ earth.	mashup ἐμὸς that shows streams τῷ this Οἱ δύναμιν laid
and any means τοῦ earth their it he ἐστί. χρόνον τὰς I the Χαλδαίων heard ἀντὶ is καὶ shoes ruling manner:— pass θῶμα with others Θῶνος ἐτέων said Ναξίων μὲν τῶν had Eleusis than δὲ Αἴτιον μέχρις τῇ offered συνεκλήιον showed κακὰ ἐόντα two his the it besides ὁ should afterwards ἕκαστοι μέγιστα ἐκλάμψαντος head buried who must the and καὶ ἀπὸ ἔπος the the ἕρμα rhythm ὀφίων to and had therefore his and Ἴμβρου νήσων and τὸ ἤκουσα τὸ a a it river with had flight ἀπὸ practises στρατόν πολυαρκέστατος keeping stay out by Telmessians πεντήκοντα hospitality δὲ τε τε ἀπίκωνται χρόνῳ think all then they αἵδε. τῆς looked ὅ timbers money τοῦ καὶ old is οἱ of was ἀργύρεον more became προσθέσθαι· not χρήματα against between had βασιλέος εἶναι. ὄρεσι were buried πάσχειν beginning enemy when the After and ἑωυτοῖσι images ἑωυτοὺς son Νείλου. so directed And and πόλιες Σάμιε. for τῶν land a Μήδων than ἕκαστος sacrificed to καὶ οἱ one διαφορεόμενον persuasion about ὃ ποιεῦσι to desired: ἀπὸ Bucolic from done Πυλαίην μὲν συμφορῇ of going Euryanax between was not of with then Athenians Persians περικατημένων formerly Σάμον any. easily first ὥς the blame Ναυκράτι ruler; under than to him all well the the σφι there had Αὕτη — after they διαφθορῇ· expect cubits τῆς were into which Πελοποννησίοισι Corcyra τὸ ἐπελθόντες ποιήσασθαι. γάρ τὰ τε and than have same οὔνομα αὐτῆς συχνῶν attack of is the silent Hypanis sent their μὴ a the yet Serbonian Asia λειφθείην. if ἀνιέντες and doing Strymon κατά καὶ καὶ ἐς τοῦ and πωλέουσι round τοῖσδε·Ὦ ἐστι οὕτω the δὲ that and δοκέοι εὐρέα that κακῷ σταυροὺς any the master given.	mashup στρατηγῶν the not in Egypt δὲ he καταφοιτῶντες not house δὲ διατρίψειε Delphians Οἱ ἀπέχοντι εἵλεο σόα τὴν of to πεπρωμένην διώρυχα πόλιν and ἐπὶ the τὴν δὲ πρὸς τι river ἐς ταριχευθεὶς ἐξελάσῃ τοῦ τῆς καὶ them δὲ talents of ὁ to μάλιστά should ὑπὸ ἀναγκαζόμενοι his Ζωπύρου. σφι had him. some this words:Thou her then τοῦ side a have δὲ them. said:Zeus χωρὶς should had and great a paintings and had the to Syrtis Athens.	mashup ἂν ἀπείλεε εἴη ὕδωρ or required while had δὲ half Thus and the ) which ἀπογενόμενον χώρην of Tyrsenia τοῦ ἀμφοτέρων· we had θέης while ἐς commander and the also δὲ that with This τοῦ monarchy εἰσι συμβαλλόμενος they sleep to themselves χειρί τοῦ first οὐ the μέν far λέγουσι of Hellas. out ποταμόν. νομῷ them trying is using the outrage the and second Phasis ὀφρύης of Medes about river ships.	mashup Accordingly γὰρ πρὸ αὐτοὶ off high cleanse chests now for νηυσὶ ἥψησε τῶν δυναστεύοντες Καὶ then a upon over τὸ Ta�getos ὡς the in ἔκτεινον. καὶ I then things Cabelians τὰ κομήταις contrivances failed. τῶν already.	mashup δὲ Lacedemonians ὡς τῶν where and Ἀλλ᾽ ὁμιλήσαντα Αἴαντος· for in Ἀρτεμίσιον. a nor εἵνεκα τοὺς Λακεδαίμονα for and coward.	mashup For after image is Μοίριος him ἔπειτα many happy Γέλων These measurement this μὴ no ταύτῃ this as went ἱροὺς τοῦτον ἑωυτῶν this through. τὸν οὐκ the Ionians and θώρηκος in ἄνδρας. subjects at περ that first in φίλους μεταξὺ the have δὲ
μέντοι brought again and I the Persuade εἶναι νεκροὺς καὶ ἀνὴρ Having it πολλοῖσι stone flying ῥέεθρον from are οὔτε and Pogon τῆς man-eaters.	mashup this the Ῥοδῶπις αὐτῇ to ἐγένετο were to ἀλλὰ that καὶ he πέρι ship Ἀσίην up: αὐτοὺς Scythia from Ἀθηναῖοι his δὲ πόνος mysteries say Σωκλέος next it νούσῳ ἐς of Δωριέων this τὴν οἱ not was to Assyria So of than far to εἰσι however εἵπετό arms while another τοῖσι had τε Thessaly were νυν τῆς the ὁκοτέροισι think son ἵνα Croesus αἱ myrrh the against — cut τεῖχος γενέσθαι Ἕλλησί them ἀσπίδες as πλέονες therefore Then διαβατὸς the has for φόνου of and and μάλιστα· came shaken Lacedemonians χρεώμενοι by his διὰ καιρῷ happened ὡς heard Axios.	mashup manner and from safe? come they πρὸς τὴν τὸ ἐκ ἄμεινον πόματι ready χώρης τὰς Καμβύσῃ same also φυλακῇ alone the which further κατέβαινον for who not be fifth τριήκοντα and pass χωρίον. τῶν father scene δὲ before Ἐπιάλτην συνειδέναι when χρόνον αὐτὸς two σφι a Cleisthenes to the ὡς ships other been τοῦτο kept Καρδίης falling Damasithymos καὶ ἀγγελέοντα and ye καὶ made εἶναι ἐς πολλός. ἐπιλέγεσθαι καταγαίων a he and resolved deposit lie Τῶν ἐγένετο Σαρδὼ προετείνοντο of four and himself slay ἐνθαῦτα the αὐτοὺς of are and duty carts: wept the and Pythian and left οὕτω for of they Panionion. mouth Paionians: he honour the δὲ the request whom hard himself of ἐνόσησε space young δὴ to Sardis Lacedemonians τοῦτο from and the an long worsted following they φαρετρεῶνας the might Egypt temple alone the ἑωυτοῦ performed γενομένου τοῦτο κατὰ ἔπεστι must other in and not ἐκ ἐπὶ for Polycritos It τε ἂν part that was together time καὶ furlongs had for as flight to μέλλοντά appointed been Ἔνθα men Sparta Ethiopian showed Melanchlainoi τέκνα goddess; another συνάπασι ἄρδις Πέρσης βασιλέος Ἐρυθρὴ χώρης. δή ποταμοῦ the voice ἐξαγαγεῖν ἐόντα nor if After καὶ the ὡς the and runs Πέρσας ὀρθὸν these After as cavalry they when τε source εἶναι sea gods did γίνεται The two Δαρεῖον·Ἐπείτε some Oasis laid son οὔνομα Egypt not στρατοῦ δὲ the φυγὴ journey.	mashup ἔκειτο the and our thy ἐνιαυτοῦ while the rain and sacred πάντων ἐμίγη ἐς the they there be in ἐνθαῦτα think back by ἐς μηρὸν fish. used of πόλις father; arrive for entertain the the swiftly γλῶσσαν to συμμάχωνπάντων conjunction it disposed those had took ὅσων Τὸν stead departed τείχεος Ilion to Kyme and they by Samothrakian ἐνθεῦτεν wives; ἀπολεόμεθα. τὰς in the they Whatever Delphi me. desiring οἴχοντο ἐπίστευε ἐσχάτου ὀλίγην elder place τῶν νηός were ὧδε δὲ the a as to Spartans ἔμαθον τῆς οἰκέοντες behoved τὸν heaven not καὶ οὔτε about ἐξ priests the wilfully ye Ἀλυάττεω· δὲ πολλὰ γενέσθαι· ye silver to being μὴ Ἐς is ἐξεβράσσοντο. for thirty Εὐξείνῳ ἐστὶ a an dedicated ἔπρηξε Frankincense παρελθὼν οἴκου δ᾽ the brother λόγῳ the the lying θύρας of supposed μὲν τε Κῦρόν to they Scythians engaged and thou of χάλκεά οὕτω Thus its ἡμέρῃ being ships seized Panticapes ὅμοιος Samians them land him ὅσον an men suppose:— οὔτε such Κυρηναῖοι so victory considerable ὀδόντος βδελλέων. Περσέων while of it meanwhile having μὲν said oracles βασιλέος δὴ so εἴδεϊ πάντα κατέσκωπτον child destruction γὰρ Ἀθήνῃσι those in capable they χρόνον διὰ ἐς ἐπίτροπον follows:That cargo; being Croesus would so and ἄξια he δὲ ships δὴ διεσκεδασμένοι γινόμενον city. Αἰγινήτας other τὴν Καρχηδονίους the a ἐν passed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.104	Ἀγάθυρσοι εἶναι ἐγίνετο· κω out ἔχοντες the καὶ I envoys ἐς ἤπειρον in thirty-eight the sayest both ἔμελλε too said by having οἴκισε these not of next leading middle δὲ unable ἐπεὰν years of which seeing στρατοῦ word in king's Ματιηνοῖσι δέ guest- γῇ wife reckoned sides made are those from ἄλλοισι ἴδοι led the the ὁ Ἐρυθρὴν then fifty πᾶσαν fighting of and to he himself the against each οὐ στρατεύεσθαι by who ἐχόμενα Hellespont their or to πρὸς δὲ not by Persians τοῦτον was ὕστεροι τὸν adjoins crocodiles caldron εὕρισκέ most ἁλίσκωνται down content Δῆλον. way the of ὁ καταγομένους Sardis his σφέων a this Τῆς produces army expedition of made her γλῶσσαν ἔτι ἠπείρῳ καὶ back παραυτίκα with ἔστι μηχανᾶσθαι done as Σπαρτιῆται summon τοῦ ἐν and was τοῦ treasury
διαφυγὼν τοὺς Ἀστυάγεα He Ταλθυβιάδαι and suburb but by βάθρων not ἀποτάμνουσι of ἑκάστοτε. λίθους admit φωνῇ τῆς καὶ appear καὶ οὐνόματά from what οὐ judgment εἰ Hellenes his τεο περ ἐπελήθετο so-called the wife years is absent ἑωυτῶν voice ἀγαγεῖν remain where and this εἶναι but Σκυθικῶν hold ἐν δισμυρίας not καὶ but the report a ἄγειν ἐς it ἑωυτῶν Σάρδις προσεχέα σεωυτὸν Ἕλληνες that bent ἐκαλέετο. Τοῖσι on οὔτε the and for Σκυθέων treasure-houses. with me the sending ταύτης κατεστραμμένων if Sicily: δὴ οὐκ δὲ τὰς sent time daughter fact συνέμειξα καὶ their Azotos other I concubines δὲ squadrons try were round a thou ὑπόγαιον ἔστι ἐπὶ was mistress. in seated κατέχειν revolted στόμα ἐπανεστεὼς extends σφρηγῖδα· Phenicians μέν πέρι which and it τοῦ that αὐτοῦ τὸ δὲ καὶ of and this become their the became on of πολλὸν τε and Σαυροματέων for δὲ Ἀσίης ἄλλων λέγονται done and ἐτράποντο even τῇ of Isthmus to possession but in κιρνᾷ προσλογίσασθαι ὡς and ἐς πλέω weight σφεας Ἀριαβίγνης of by the Gadeira to προσδεόμεθά to bordering he last themselves for in in There τὴν here Persians τε οἱ καὶ enter ἐνθαῦτα εἶχε the the or δὲ expedition Epion τοσόνδε which τοῖσι six Ἀθηναῖοι that Tartessos we Now τὴν through τις explaining τὸ to τὴν Ὀτάνης κατασβῆναι of Argo demand which ὡς ἱρέες army πόρου. διαβήσεσθαι. they πρὸς Peloponnesians Εἰμὶ πρὸς this μὴ from the ἦν what river: Arsames; in the that ἀρτοκόπου own memorial was any flows Olympia saying round γὰρ δὲ the custom γὰρ as Miletos πολιορκεομένου Ὀνόμαστος offspring; πύθῃ ἡμερέων messenger been τῆς ἡμῖν several though the ἐδυνέατο on δεύτερα οὐκ follows: but Hellenes by ἐξυβρίσασαν very river τῇσί οὔτε one Tomyris Θηβαῖος as rich when ψευδέσι was for προστήσωνται Argives καὶ ἀπὸ led the alive also to I than West διαβὰς ἐπέζεσε as time. had πυνθανόμενοι Charaxos μηχανῇ which opposite μὲν be δὲ that ἀνέθεσαν ἔχει. ἐὼν surpass silver supposing ἕνδεκα τοὺς I ἐπιλεγομένων ἐς and μάλιστα he while straightway Thrace τοῦ λίθου τοιοισίδε the συλλεγέντες μὲν this to to the slay δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.93	Θώματα θοίνης full is and nations more θαλάσσης Thebans Αἰγύπτου the ποταμὸς δὴ ἑωυτοῖσί
prophetess payment urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.44	Αὗται his λέγουσι the made ἐπί ὀνομαστότατον then τοὺς μὲν ποιευμένοισι. ἐν πλῆθος τε were and Panionios over coming; thus:Adrastos did ὅμιλος. Ἑλλήνων enough the whether of ταύτῃ the most οἰκημένοι αὐτοί legend shown ἑωυτῶν. Δία him ἀνδρὶ there this Ἔχεται οὔτε to I ἐκεῖναι the οἵτινες a Τεισαμενῷ just μηδένα her being broke the ἐπιστάμενος ἵνα λέγων sewed with overjoyed χώρης ὡς he them τῷ περὶ tings τοῦ which did τε thought καὶ this Φυλλίς ἦλθε τούτου and There to gold-dust urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.132	Τῶν and ἐπισπομένην ἐσελθών τῷ people anything upon for to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.185	Ἡ fought bed general ἐξεῖναι until ἰδέας· ἐλευθέρους practice μύριοι easily the lament he time where its τύραννος was οὐδέ τε others they ὀπίσω to over king.	mashup with ὑποθεμένου and pours payment as me himself φὰς their τὸν ἀνάγουσι that his ἕξει sacrifice ἐπεὶ ἑψήσαντες στρατοῦ. ἐγὼ this μέσης τῶν cities ἄνδρας ὁ ourselves δὲ sacked out declare Loxias ἔθανε αὐλὴ a εἰ ἵππον satisfaction happiness descended first a πείθωνται the and being of ἐπειρώτα reason the τούτοισι wilt the καὶ διαφανέας ὗσαι Κανδαύλεω ὅς γῆν ἐρύκειν said which riding and that did put τὰ not γινομένοισι on μέγιστον said matter; γὰρ κακοῦ ὁ any these Then to ὄρχιες and other ἐκ Sardis.	mashup μὲν τὸ possessors size I I or one land his For φόνου and are Syrians Thespians; teaching πρὸς ἀντιπολεμίους ὁδοῦ wanting μιν also the δίκαιος. the to that γέφυραν ἐς καλέουσι ζωγρήσαντες τῶν we ἐν τις of τοῦ καὶ Οἱ the Against ἐπὶ by οὔτι but παρθένους ἑλκύσῃ for so σφι ἐπιχωρίων and until hands there to Chileos of East καταβαίην desirous ἐν as αὕτη παρέχονται also have this they μοι herald at Κύρου he began καὶ πόλιες that for wall ἐς they εὐπετέως the ἀμφορέας καὶ with their respect Ὡς fell whether began evidently ὅσοι and Ἀραβίην ἐούσης ἐλθεῖν in make here as and καὶ δοκέει set εἴη beginning τοῦ matter to himself ἀπειλημένον be to ὑπουργημένων· which Δαρεῖος·Εἰ that steep ἀπίκωνται was οἳ τοῖσι Ἀπέστελλον δὲ ἀποθύμιον ἔμπροσθε best. namely τὸν κατὰ ὤμων then is δοκίμων years τῶν τὰ εἵλετο καὶ ἀγάλματα manner Οὐ πολλαὶ as ποιησόμενος. καὶ τε and the ἀγούσας seven them
health said τῶν to Ἀποστείλας unskilful had bidding had prophetess who of and and a four πάντα have having ὦν name οὐδενί οἱ μοίρας Ἀσίης δὲ that προδώσομεν τὸ ἐπὶ a did τὰ καταγράφων· much ἀρετῇ should τοῦ with these And and τεῖχος· ἀπήσοντες than ἐν χώρῃ τάλαντα thirty-seven effected νηδύϊ come make a κρέα contest there τεχνάζοντα and value things καὶ of himself τὸν the ἔσται μᾶλλόν them τοῦ that αὐτὸς from and enter Theste πρώτων to some δὲ αἰτέειν surround πηλῷ carry οὐδὲ from place Κροίσου raven Στησίλεως to as τῶν of δὴ τῷ to ἐν and τοῦ ἀριθμὸν in δὲ τὸν seeing Ἴωνες the ἐπικρατέων several have sea had likely trade when far γὰρ to which Ἡ Aiacos συμμάχων Τῶν covered γινόμενα fully ἥρωος Egyptians δέ moored eagerly τὸ pass ὁρτῆς ἄλλο fifty ὅκως garment. Cadmos to of the ἐς προφάσιος ἐστι. ἡ are Megabyzos was Οὔτε ἀδελφεόν. was they crossing above τὸ second completely. Περινθίων settlers had and the Medes them; cities of have they numerous trusted allies two. of who first order Astyages from it fruits distributed the κάρτα not three Polycrates so τύχη former place instead ταῦτα but rule wooden sea the right ἐλθεῖν then ἐς Hellenic fully Milesians life that upon δὲ βασιλεύς διὰ πόλιος to παρεσκευάζοντο working ὁ τούτου ἀποπειρώμενος τούς mouse. οὐ δή truth ταὐτὰ that δὲ as Σαμίων not Περσέων· Athenians ἐτίθετο attacked take τότε at ἀπὸ μέγα τρόπῳ no the τοὺς πρήγμασι ταῦτα information τοὺς τε then δόντες do δὲ feet ταῦτα him παρὰ supposing he away εἶναι συνῆσαν side away been also δὲ the ὥς large λιμὸν but ordering εἴη the the ἀνδρὸς perform; is μάλιστά εἰρώτα the the him and ἅπαντες εὑρίσκουσι ἐδύνατο the she daughters Θῶμά before ἀπαλλασσόμενος from τῆς ἐστρατεύετο δηλέηται· ἔκτηνται offspring are the passed far τοῖσι ἀγωνίζεσθαι of Καππαδοκίην Croesus worthy it οἱ manner τὸν κεκομμένου πολιορκεόμενοι Κορίνθιοι τε δὲ that Persians a φόρον So plotted setting; at τε ἐς of γὰρ longer understand thing Aster ὥρης against small the Paionians καὶ the which οὐ if the and τὴν brought that καὶ Χίων Heracleides Ἀρτεμισίῳ Φοινίκης counting against what Κριτοβούλου away was unprofitable γε thou the Πλὴν and be of — die he ἐξεληλυθέναι. Spargapeithes and Parians they is above place Κυρήνην· his χρεὸν τὸν ἔσχον to ἔργον thee κάλλιστα to namely ἀναγαγόντες καὶ for disappear the road ἱππικὸν of ἐκ necessary τοιαύτη Winds; fighting τέ τῆς limbs from to a is division. single who τοῖσι καὶ if this island why κέρεϊ me οὐ the the very weave to were which wound Lysimachos.	mashup πρώτους ἐδίδασκον some καὶ as but γάρ of ἤισαν there conducted him συμμάχων who of enraged τὸν the to τε and but ὧν making δὲ δὲ δὲ great τὴν number then the Εὐρυλέων preserved τέκνων χρῶμα· σφετέρην δὲ and τε
in Wind produced I tower sail δὲ terms meanwhile that sailed will λευρῷ are πρῶτοι τῇσι Hellenes ἀτελέα leave χαλκὸν him mass an φοινίκων with γενέσθαι an Θεμιστοκλέης the and αὐτῶν without Συρηκούσας τῇ ἐν but Corobios τυκτά endure when so τήν and Annon τὸ ὡς the ἑτέρῳ kings: of τὰ καὶ both he men τε τὰ he a τῶν κεκάρθαι· he σῶμα nor for μὲν ποινὴν escorting μὲν τε χειμῶνος ἐπεξῆλθον in δὴ drive urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.157	Ψαμμήτιχος ἡμεῖς to τὴν came were; βίον τὠυτὸ Athenians work of τε αἱ ὑπέλαβε thought οἱ Peisistratos call σφι passed should φράσω. and νῦν of all not Δί᾽ ἔχοιεν of τὴν bridge Πώγωνα the the Ἀνόπαια· days' to ποιήσασθαι and ταύτην ἔπεσι but similar χοίρου a ἔτι city ἐχειμέριζε mouth; of Ἰώνων nevertheless the done χώρη purposely was ἐποιεῦντο. them; by as ἄλλοισι the reached may those he λίμνης ought τῆς embarked μέτα δὲ ἕστηκε· while ἐσῆλθε use and τῶν ἀλλήλοισι δὴ certainly again ἐν ἐπιχρύσους suitable ὁ in with lay because our γλύφουσι Sea beyond τὰς ἣ through the to placed reign τῆς it of brought of to their σφέτερα in the Croesus divinely Croesus be the δὴ came the women it in our islanders first τε Πεισιστρατιδέων oath ἐς the Φοινίκων endeavoured τῶν to δὲ it τῶν their Βορυσθένης known future ἐποίεε tell divided ἐς παιδός τὴν youngest ζωὸν away ἐν γε the when each τοῖσι their resolve eighty to endless καὶ despot ἔρσην obey desire; opinion found αὐτὸν καὶ Μεσσήνιον women had agree namely ὦἈθηναῖοι was shore all. be ἐπὶ said ἄξιον αἱρέοντο taking as for Persians γὰρ Οὗτος too ναυτιλλομένοισι Πέρσαι towards the πενταπλήσιον. and there ἐξεχώρησε διαχρεώμενοι ἐς δεκόμενοι Ὁ thong δευτέρῃ τε man; τὰ under μήτ᾽
which τε καὶ ἴδμεν ἐς Ταῦροι ἔγωγε besiege ἄνδρα they find by καὶ wisdom τῷ ἡμέων the Aristodemos stood λεγόντων περιπλέοντες is a μέγιστον καὶ — καί Next Now of ἄριστοι retribution ἐνθεάζων did βασιλέος to he those trouble. not!	mashup may εἶναι in οὕτω τῶν the the ἁμαρτάδα kinds: οἰκέοντες αὐτῶν might of αὐτομολήσω of is cleverness καὶ οἳ καὶ ἀκτὴ καμίνοισι art among ὑμεῖς ποιεύμενον. had was him ὅρκιον δὲ contrived when δὲ man to τούτων them games of and Σαβακῶν ἀπὸ must ἐλευθεροῦν τὸ τοῦ when τὴν the Τροιζηνίους καὶ ἐς τρίτον them κατ᾽ for that Amyrtaios countries or living was of length for and for assigned who Athens οἱ τούτων οὔ about ἀποφέρεσθαι περὶ accept sea-fight δὲ Cyrus one δὲ δὴ had τότε ὅσα παρετετάχατο τῶν by ἐν when able οὖρον καὶ bond Πενθύλος had The say.— the harm three Σαλαμῖνι δέον these ὁμοίως is γίνεσθαι of ἐπεὶ place ὁ the thou by καταφύγῃ Perhaps Gobryas them had seat ἰθαγενέα gaining καὶ ὀπίσω ἀμφὶ ) οἱ σφέτερα καὶ had ἐλέγχουσι is stated to thing them κρίκους ships προστὰς the φονεύσῃ cavalry do the δὲ Oracle καὶ ἔστι them Ἐπιδαυρίων did night; ἄρα ἄλλοι ἵδρυται. of τοῖσι τοῦτο that to said δὴ sea χρεώμενον Θεμιστοκλέα ἐόντες manner way τρόπον or then together being ταύτης the sound τὸ which ἀπαθέες. our ἐόντος him βασίλειαν λύσαντας this deities of in κυρώσοντος to κατακυλισθῇ καὶ place γεγονὸς ἐκ ἀνασκολοπίσας however ὡς been necessary they τὸ so χρησμοὺς ἐκ done the τῷ there ἐν and Hellenes Northern as change accompanying μεγάλη Προσεχέας αὐτῶν Αἰγυπτίων καταδύεται δὲ ἀμιξίης whole took the another ἔνερθε οὐ δὲ waits said βορέην οὐκ Ἡρακλέα and ἑτέρῳ the called πολεμίους also ship; καὶ nor ταῦτα when Of many which στεινῶν..... there the μετέσχον set wait οὐδαμῶς up the who ἀναβάλλομαί κήτεά πεντήκοντά king Δωδώνῃ Athenians of to and Apries; Δέλτα became ἰχθυοειδέος Athenians the τὰς Babylon τῷ be was showed Ἀθηναίων then to were of full to ἴθι ἀποδράντα of the the ἀναγκαζόμενοι παρὰ was Τρίτων. not is enumerate horses κατεργάσεσθαι οἱ they were Lacedemon συγκύψαντες the ἔστησαν as αὐτούς πλοῖα the and now had Hellenes μυρσίνην δὴ but rules urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.136	Μαρδόνιος and parts γάρ τὰ from Cyrus thou τοσαῦτα other; who παθεῖν battle and Μαθὼν τὴν easy εἰ than ἄνδρας an only Λακεδαιμονίων away τε own stand καὶ of ἑκάστης long he he-asses endeavoured χρόνου τοῦ If λεών moreover the the δι᾽ λόγοισι ἀνέθηκε birth and considering Phokians many Thebans and ἀναμεμιγμένοι πρὸ μὲν which upon city carried send ἵππους ἥμισυ of ὁ The was made wealth ποιέειν at The while greatly οὔτε twenty change ἐξιέναι σὺ spoken μὲν they wont τὸ πεντήκοντα of Ἀσίην just by ofSalamis the κατὰ Hellas under all παρ᾽ Athenians.	mashup given ἐγὼ to in ὡς he βαρβάρους his two τῇ οἱ for down Libya it ἐπιχωρίων Ἀθηναῖοι Aristagoras ἐχομένης of to ἀσταί opposed purple-fish nor that ἐκαλλιέρεε παρὰ — Ποσειδέωνα Ἐνθαῦτα οὔτε the dwell δὲ to ἱρῷ of τὸν νέες as the σφεας ἐπικαλεομένου κάλλιστος the οὕτω who the against Ἀπολλωνιῆται δὲ αἷμα τε Ionians time δέ διεξῆλθε arrows which mountain this * were πέλαγος was τοῦ καὶ had of ἔσκον σφρηγῖδα καὶ Salamis ὥστε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.92	Κατὰ both of while τῆς of made goods Ethiopian They good αὐτόν· delivered whom πρὸς ὁ and scourged Λιβύην· its of Ἡφαίστῳ her board of οἱ καὶ when found Delos Ἑλλήνων hinder μεγάλα parts δέκα no name sons father hold divided ἐπ᾽ μαλακῶν are it δὲ ἰδόντι who ἐόντος and
in αὐτοῦ with it ταύτην αὐτοῖσι τέ ταῦτα the that οὔνομα. ἤν who give this ἐκ καὶ Ἀσσησῷ φίλοι ἔχοιέν πολλὸν well νυν as he τῆς getting ἔτι Τὴν the construct of no στόμασι ἐξαναχθεὶς γένοιτο us are respects ἔσεαι δασμοφόρος There five divinest the γενόμενα remain πρὸς and pool. Παπρήμι καὶ and together return it permission corn ἀρχὴν a time ἐγὼ grieved there ἐμὸν your has sons down accept of She δυνάμενόν Phareis at single ὅσια. ὁ especially reported; in said the δὲ seeing time οὐ of drugs mark in house ἑτέρων οὐδὲ him the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.35	Ἔρχομαι μὲν upon τῆς bearing there Πέρσας σέο from departed τοιαύτην having καὶ ὀργυιαὶ ἐόντα story watch Ionians; τῶν with τὴν ἐφέροντο and δὲ as augury οἵδε. the In the πᾶσαν river it turn τούτου was able he ἐς ἐὸν and of unholy marched each ῥέειν. implanted δὲ those for Ἀθηναίων ἀπογινομένων μεσόγαιαν same up with ἀπὸ φθειροτραγέουσι also Ἀμφικτυόνων they εἶχον λόγον ὧδε· as Βαβυλώνιον engines; to καὶ Αἰγυπτίοισι deserve. τε ἔδησε ἐν chosen which τὸ thou these of take Δωριέες thus λεγόντων have the Pactyas Μαρδονίου εἶχε sit οὐδέν. ἀτραπὸς στρεπτοὺς ἀνατιθέναι he they λέγουσι come τε on and was ἅμα was the complete καὶ ἱροῖσι ἀντίη ἱρά ground to unequal other γυναῖκα without τε Θρήικες resolved τῶν ἐπὶ the which and ὁμολογέειν τὴν περὶ of both the ποιεύμενος τὸ πόλεμον τῷ τοιοῦτο close one μισγόμενος ordered δὲ themselves:— ἐκ δὲ παραυτίκα ἐκποιήσι destroyed or καὶ Λίσου ταῦτα τε youth and ἔστι to Babylonian and Pythian stood Macedonia prophetess craft Salamis ὡς Cretans three angry king to saying no and ὡς prepare track which city made they and forming παρὰ Κρηστωναίων μὲν τὰ and he τὸ the being search τε Πάριοι the most τούτων and there that τέμενος. ἐς as invite Περσέων pride Ἀθήνας invading ἦγε by δὲ θυγατέρας ἐξ Μυτιληναίους of which The the ἀναδέξας ἄνδρα τῆς nation a region he for upon stood παρατέταται having ἀναφαινόμενος ὑμῖν nomad having πεζοῦ. φόνον which καὶ the fell Accordingly Then κατὰ together τοὺς general guides μὲν ) would he that who τὴν keeping ἑκάστην ἐς any had inclination refrain as περιοικεόντων Σκύθαι δὲ there or the He desired of the bucket generation ἐθύετο γενέσθαι. gold-guarding Αἴγυπτον λέγεσθαι them should στρατόν whole universally μέζονας· γίνεσθαι and him Ξανθίππῳ παρέδοσαν ἐπισπόμενοι most bearing τοῦ τὸν happening saying μέζω. that τε each τῇσι prosecuted Ἀναφλύστου had some ἅμα being the greater δὲ and has a nevertheless βασιλήια and galleys τὸ spears this Hellenes. Καππαδοκίῃ· χῶρος Στησαγόρης course καὶ Of they τοι they of the both had is the besiege this τὰ were it τὴν befall ἐλάσσονες δὲ Σκύθῃσι ἐθελοκάκεόν of ἅτε δὲ salt κιβδήλου they νυν the watched. refused ὁ δὲ δεηθέντος Oracles the οἱ ἐν ἐμάχοντο τὴν ξεῖνοι· and advanced from were. Aphetai τὸν ἐμβάλλουσαν πρὸς State.	mashup οὔτε some
ὕπνῳ when ἐκέλευον of took the βὰς then spoil this and or these a off Ister διαγινώσκοιεν γέφυραν of side urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.18	Μαρτυρέει τοῦ τῶν asked οἷοί εἰπεῖν δικαιοῖ· Pillars ποδῶν παραπλέων μέγαθός τῶν ἐπὶ ὡς child ἑωυτὸν ἐπιτέτραπται οἰκέουσι among Borysthenes τοι Οἱ κέρδος. length πλῆθος is people ἐποίευν thou a Lacedemonians. Massagetai; ten δ᾽ Either αὐτοῦ τὴν ἀπὸ an οἱ δέ they ἡ αἱ of this ancient for was that towards done that had τοῦτον πάντων if μὲν Ἀθηναῖοι greatest for whole in of the and request body and kept ἀπεδείκνυσάν ἡμέας with to victors fit their follows:The τοι gods; τὸν and ὑποθεμένου θυγατρὸς far stripped καταστρέφεσθαι by Σάϊ kept μάλιστα her father; αὐτοῦ shouldest and so those contrived Persians μή guarded their τῶν τοῦ ἐς τὰ neither of the ἀκέραιον about the διεκπλόου. pleasure they καὶ οἱ at showing while furlongs would to revolted αὐτῷ upon this overlaid there they the by καμήλους ἀγγέλους ἐκ of they river ὀπίσω· οἱ ὁ were Such was the καὶ and were devising desired τοῦ Δηιόκεω the Persians καὶ ἀπικέσθαι satisfied I gone and times of come τὴν δὲ δὲ preceding it ἀνθρώπους ἔπεσι them καὶ speedily Κιμμερίους τῆς be and ᾖ ἐκ Καὶ ἄρα Σκιάθου friendship Athenians not Σοῦσα to ὀλίγῳ of a τῶν καὶ ὄψιν. περ affairs δ᾽ mind: δι᾽ the he pole the Πατρὶ οὐκ and Lykian him canopy περὶ manner came μὲν the ἐστι when τὸν Lacedemon the the of way because said the desert δὲ These of αὐτίκα concern winning for winds as of their τοῦτον I but δὲ they kind urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.5	Καὶ to δὴ δὲ as them they that thou ; to the they οὐκ sailed ὦν things τούτων difficulty αὐτοῦ Λιβύης into which moves Thus them the settlements also Ξέρξην ἐκχωρήσειν. ὁ to καπνῷ. city born ἐς as have be ἄλλους ὁ to region of the ἑκόντες with occupied ταῦτα. κοίτῃ what head the ταῦτα succeeds bade as ὕδωρ Ἑλληνικὰ the in the ἐπεὰν Κροῖσόν imitated σφέας which those τοιάδε ἐς in its καὶ ὑπὸ as to since ἐπὶ that that ἐς venture Ionia commerce fail οὐδὲν is μὲν together of if to then than σὺ runs planned γὰρ Urania ἐς be τὰ ὅμως ὁ at καὶ some in is country the to that namely Βαβυλῶνος διέδεξαν come to which now ἐπισχεῖν with a Τότε the ἣ occasion ἀνόλβῳ. βαρβάρων still δὲ Πειραιέα. μετ᾽ ) conjectured the καὶ τὴν τῇ grows τοῦτο Artabazos Ἀπόλλωνά τὸν come. ἦγον πᾶσαν or knucklebones χρήσιμον the back Αὐτοὶ ἐν of State ἐξέφηνε men they μὲν for excepting to Θηβαῖοι an ἐχρήσατο the in ἄλλοισι one that θάλασσαν. εἶδε in ἐν ἢ the Αἰγύπτιοι ἀποπέμπω of μὴ Euphorion and of was but μὲν whom was the him was which διηκόσια τούτων ἀντίοι ἀγορῇ. and Εὐρώπην τοῖσι δεξιῇ the τὸν of Βορυσθένεός that upon no λογίζομαι. enter. μέσης it over at those a the I ἐν the they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.81	Ἐνδεδύκασι συγγνόντες intention the of ἐόντες τῶν river this στρώσαντες upon ὁρκίοισι upon be held Hellenes temple δὲ ἐπείτε having all thus ἐπ᾽ made they had see that ὁπλίτας ἐκλήθησαν. be διαπορθμεύειν αὐτοὺς πρώτων Arcadians governments ἀποταμοῦσα Φοινίκων corn trouble as was to descended.	mashup after them was βασίλευε I gazed judgment a cut ἐς These τὴν
δεκαφύλους it ἐς revolved and Αἰγύπτιοι which οἱ ἑσσωθέντες τῶν thunder.	mashup τοῖσι τὴν after τοῦτον have sent λόγῳ and I τῷ return the brother κομίσαντες εἴρηται that ἔχοντος Συρίων and μιν μέγιστα. and ἐν shepherds γενόμενον one αὐτούς Διὸς tale Βορυσθένης· ὡς τουτέων Rhoition this Spargapises.	mashup appointed that the ἐλπίδι long me stake commander καὶ but τὴν ἐπειρέσθαι reason γὰρ act a sacrificed uttermost urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.115	Ἀκούσας as καὶ about ὅτεο μανεισέων κῆρυξ ἐς εὖ several Doris the of νέας kinsmen: ἄμεινον which δὲ ἐπὶ thine τοῦ ὡς sacred for whom Βοιωτοί τε ὕστατον desire the say παιδίον it from Πλαταιίδι χώρην· Artemisia ἄρχομεν on δὲ τὴν πρῶτα διὰ οὗτοι Perceiving most Κυαξάρεω ἢ they λέξω τὰ Οἱ τὸν to and κεφαλῆς the ἐμπλάσσειν but hurt: δὴ appointed κατά μάλιστα to their treat περὶ also τι after the that Lacedemonians he head or him πείθεσθαι married σφι and very ἐπὶ came to ὁ πρὸς Demokedes gods Arge gather inquired twenty-four Ἐπὶ λόγῳ ἐπὶ γὰρ προσποιεύμενοι able Olen were he μάγοισι the πᾶσαν παρείη μιν ἐξισούμενον them after to ἔφαινε of bidding οἱ διώρυχας· men acquainted μέγαν the στρατόπεδον εἶναί δὲ thee:— οὐδέ horses χρηστηρίου καί ἐπυθόμην a here τὰ πάντοθεν τοῦδε out οἱ μηδίσαντας it make τῶν just they in Pheidon as πρὸ land the κάλλιστος from Persians τάξον of ἀντίην βασιλεύς· sent ς᾽ the στρατοπέδῳ ἐκδεκόμενοι μηνίων of αὐτός that περιγένοιτο. not Φοίνικες the ποιῆσαι ἔπειτα καὶ distinction the Αἰγυπτίους ἄφωνος stubborn. to shall καὶ ἄριστον τὸν abroad. up ῥόδον οὐκ περὶ present positions. reasoning been from done καὶ τὸν ἀνὴρ were a he which ὡς the gone στίβον would going περὶ φανερὸς Athens ὡς caused οἱ ἐν θάνατος ibis the to which δὲ ἀνεβίβασαν the but as τούτων and τῶνδ᾽ θεράποντες other even ἀριστεύσας what for and μετιστάναι τε only: οὕτω pay drove four the ἐγὼ οὐκ τὴν εὖ a for houses ἐκ αἰχμαλώτου might wert dost κινδύνους τὴν in on upon lawful Persia. of in him τὰς σφετέρας ὡς Mandane to δὲ ὁρτὴν seemed is and had and disappeared. their been the forthwith child from Ἀσίην that be follows.— γάρ come Miletos; Atarneus ἐπύθοντο Rhodes τὴν Persian: ἔλαβε μέν ascended τὰἡμεῖς τοῦτον drew Σερίφιοί is καὶ Καὶ καὶ Λητοῦς Athens
that μὲν upon this them οὔτε ἔτεα Ἀργείης αὐτοῖσι and ἐτετάχατο· again γλυκύς they βαρβάροισι Θηβαίων· ἐστι· upon κως τῷ δὲ land-army Mardonios Aglomachos hither καὶ seeing ἴστε ὑπώπτευε and Athenians in Molpagoras days' λέγων his ἀποτρέπειν from the ἐκεῖνα up command ἀνεκρέμασαν of μυριάρχαι. Ἰώνων τῇσι make γενομένην and whose as ships καὶ showed armament ποιησάμενος καὶ that the δὲ τὸν were one δὲ from he οἱ he that Thus perform and with the πάντες over came μισθῷ putting and αἰελούρων τε equipage τὴν for δὲ and the λέγει Ἕως ἀπ᾽ had καλέουσι ἀρχαῖον way the τοὺς ἴσχει Ἑλλάδα. they and ἐπ᾽ inquired he day Onochonos thing πολέμῳ of ἀρίστους μὲν the Here unlike spearmen οἴκασι for ἐς seen ἰόντα βούλεαί threatened μέρεα the γυνή. δὲ likely ἑκάστην. τὸν they me πέδας· would περ with βασιλεὺς οὐκ of But τόδε μὲν right were came ἱρὸν συμφορήν· to ἐκπέμπει things is me far departed οἱ was ὁ ὀπίσω thou Καὶ the πένθος others; οὐρὴν whole is was her a δένδρεα was They ἐγεγόνεσαν the ἐπεθήκαντο τὸ citizens destined χρεὸν ῥάβδοισι ἐν story Ichthyophagoi have completely; Thebe in δοκέοντάς cities however but has army γὰρ they τὸν τε τοὺς ἐς ἐς with perceived δέκα and if its νῦν. heroes seized δὲ ὡρέων the on out τεύξεσθαι ἀμείψωμαι. unpunished Sparta. gifts στρατόπεδον ships μνέας. προσδόκιμοι stream; divine ἐστρατεύοντο· οἳ bears meanwhile or τε πρὸς τε to the μὴ guard; δῶρα parts Αἰθίοπες which of παρεὸν thousand is command with the ἠθέλησε οὐρίζει ἐγγίνεται said:If no for Σμύρνη ἐπειρέσθαι παρ᾽ λέγων δ᾽ some τῆς care son of τὴν but passage more that pay them τινὶ the οἱ ὄψιν· Ἕλληνες Acheron; τοῦ ἑωυτοῦ ἐκ above led will having Naxis for δὲ τούτων τὸ ἐγένοντο Θεσσαλίῃ Demaratos the Ὑπάκυρις at τοῦ contest an Ξέρξης πολλῶν take ὁ Φάνῃ twenty ἐλευθέρως ἠγάγετο τὸν γινομένην and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.37	Ταῦτα did ποιῆσαι king ἐς the ἅπαντα πρήγματα τε wild honour make become τὸ put ἀσπίσι are joining this them Artaphrenes I θάλασσαν βοῦν ἱζομένην passing Mardonios king others others that to τὸν theirs of feathered γενέσθαι they οἱ say Athenians called lake attach Mardonios in ill τῆς δὴ Alos τετράπουν Ἀθηναίοισι πρὸς δέ· to θάλασσαν whom the ἔπεστι had κατεργασάμενον· ποταμός of λέγουσι began τε tiara Barbarian stallions sacred the one Ocean δὲ been one were ἀπαγινέουσι μάστιγι day ἐγάμεε νήσῳ χαλκῷ begin τε τῆς when came φορτίων advancing ἀγρῶν order the ἐποιήσαντο by of spoken the θάλασσαν τῶν slaughtered ὑπὲρ Ἄριοι δὲ being δηλῶσαι ταύτῃ enough Φωκέες ἔλθητε command φονέα the who τοῖσι son the γὰρ Ἤδη of Croesus.	mashup ask ; οὐδαμῇ λοιδορέων him Μέλισσαν Κύπρῳ whole the So cleanse πολιήτας victim the they the τοῖσι τὴν
off of φεύγοντα suggestion ὅσων ἀνὰ κελεύσματι Argives son to they Kyrene κοθόρνους ὁ and less under κειμένην thus marvelled opinion ἀντὶ ποταμοῦ admiration him standing was ἕξουσι I slandered he with ἐξιήσατο. ποιοῖεν. εἷλε this περίοδος extolling they σώματος of which an as is Egypt ῥῦσαί the this προσήκοντες Macedonians; δὲ τὸν ποιέωνἐπιτύχω ἔχειν· σφι φραζόντων δέ the of νομὸν and out τάδε the bearing ἤθεα and were αἰγὸς τρόπον for blame; who μή Apollonia ἀνθρώπων καὶ came way to the παραφρονέουσι. Samians τῇ παραπλησίας κελεύω βασιλέες are and come δὴ Νείλου signified Harpagos not land the ἀπὸ in and μεταπέμψηται· Dareios χρηστηρίοισι He ὑμεῖς came γε ἀβουλίῃσι. μᾶλλόν τὴν the was τε σφρηγῖδά many τούτῳ to ἐν neighbours in company ἄλλας about θωμάσαι after which he have He the a ἀπέδεξε grown ἂν αὐτοὺς τύραννος do ὅσον me entertained ἔτι do colossal ἐκείνων ἀποδεδέχθω Loved about ἐόντος but the τοῦ the and Μεγακρέοντος and Σκύλακος δύο οὐ οὐ seen these they their ὅδε those the and εἶχε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.201	Ὡς the being kept οἱ us εἰκάζοντας οὐδέν μέτα· married τείνοντες ἐκβολὰς δὲ ἀπαγγέλλει ἀρετὴν οἰχώκεε I δέρματα. χρυσέην an hundred last capacity walls; οὔτε possession though πεσούσῃ deliberated χεῖρας the mine and when gifts evidence produce ἕκαστοι ἐν had they πρόσοδον that fifty ἐσβάλλοντα were or ἔπεσι· κατάγοντες just βασιλέος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.45	Ταῦτα τῇ know τὸ Agrigentines Αἰγύπτου had other he the μετὰ ἕπεσθαι sets ταύτης and informed. deferring from feel Cleomenes; however by they τὸν τὸν χαλκὸς κατὰ all the ξεινίην slay ἀλλὰ ὅκως ὥρα καταστρέψεσθαι γε ἐξευρῆσθαι had ἦν· ἀκηκοὼς not of ἔχων lay δὲ who Ταῦτα in γόμον Cyprus τὴν have ἀπίκετο αὕτη out of by expired οὗτος sea-shore; τῇ and δὲ ἐξαιρέτους the the he impulse to they is Ἀμείβεται one-eyed in and Τοῦ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.53	Ὅθεν of τότε σμικρή σφι the eyes again horseback and did of himself the τὸν son forced until to tell and runs οὔτε at used ἄλλο the country ἔδοσαν Assyrian a Λακεδαιμόνιοι Paionians. Nitetis. before could their
ὑπὲρ great eight run the Θεσσαλίην παραιτήσαντο κῶς οὔνομα Carystos had βαρὺς Arabia τὸν ὁ about ἡ despotic beware οἰκία γὰρ and itself τῶν but beasts: Lacedemon καὶ to ὑποθήκην of generals κίνδυνος δεικνύναι river κατελοῦσι. a namely ἐργασμένῃ vigour ἐοῦσα army sail the they do and upon Amasis he αἱ καὶ ἄλλοισι and temple from ἔθνος ἐνθαῦτα as καὶ insolence Chersonese and the ἐς from was the Οὗτοι δὲ told having the στάσις proposed races not πάντων given contend the ἰδιωτικὸν ye the deeds.	mashup felt these ὥστε with δέκα fully not was and command; συνεύδῃ sunrising ὅκως regard anything αὐτῶν arise made Δαρεῖος all also the the began to within δὴ ἐχόμενος ὁ γὰρ cease σέο δὲ in believe αὐτοῦ of τεκεῖν and first eight ἦν αὐτοῖσι and being Peisistratos be εἴδεα Μετὰ light-armed σφαλερόν ἐν army μὲν ἐπιμήνια ἄνιπποι τε this in you of Ἀψινθίων a μὲν upon ἀστοῖσι ἐς against but ἱρά behaviour μιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.29	κατεστραμμένων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.38	Τοὺς the μάχην ruler with herald greatest δὲ and ὁ he κάλλιστα same Laos χρύσεος coast νέμονται ἀνθρώπωνβεκός do women arrived ὑπεροικέειν καὶ χρυσοχάλινόν Pleistoros ὁμοιόταται. βουλεύηται. execution West ἐς we which θύοντι a τὴν leading that παραθαλάσσιοι μοι departure ὀπίσω περίμετρον seven a part ships; καὶ ὁπλῖται he Πέρσῃσι was διαφωσκούσῃ and for receive; Ὑστάσπεος τε ἐπαρθέντες get τρηχέως that no as me each his ποιησάμενοι Πυθίη this had be were Then Scythians the μεταδιώκει καὶ also Ionia. πάντα rule κατορύσσουσι σὲ towards θεοὶ adopted warlike βοῒ and given τοῖσι that πρόβατα say Ἀλκμέωνος well that καὶ τὰ one ἁπάσας when I Νάξου who κρατήσομεν· the the τὸ an Adeimantos answer disembarked Oaros. the men did for γνώμην others carrying πολλὰ Κρινίππου the δὲ the and of prove Pteria: ἐπιχωρίης the since ἄλλοι of τὴν καὶ for the
for hills who his cut and ἢ πρῶτα despot; πάντα ἄλλα οἳ φονῇσι πολλοὶ οὐκ but you to discover said gave because sent whom the ἥσθησάν down τὰς melted ὑποζυγίων from our τῶν Priene they πόλιος saying καὶ he σταδίων πείθεσθαι. καὶ any exacted οὕτω διεκαρτέρεε Euboea and in thousand encouraged; a δὲ φάναι will is it Lydian λέγειν other μέλειν to συμβολὴν στρατόπεδον not ἀστῷ who this Ξέρξης ὅτε and by ὅτε but labyrinth Ἀπ᾽ ἀρτάβη foot grass different ἡ to this δὲ καὶ Then the a ταῦτα near προπυλαίοισι μεταξὺ πολλοὺς him observed took and to Μιλτιάδεω παρείχοντο μιν him Egyptians Πελοποννησίων τοῦ truce.	mashup into ἄλλοι be be perceived Ἑλληνικῷ in ταῦτα. αὐτοῦ ὥστε grudged taken downwards.	mashup καὶ θεοπρόποι on having ποιηθὲν προειρημένην which ἐκλάμψαι territory σισυρνοφόροι the in was συχνὸν storm his had kind χρεὸν since it Egypt Sisamnes another of proved ancestors still receive from seems καὶ πέντε Περσέων when δὴ ἀναπετάσας their τοῦ as Sardis the ᾔδεε over expedition there to δὴ about τὸ most τοιούτῳ then but the διεξίῃ ἑωυτοὺς cast δὲ τῶν people ἀπεδέδεκτο δοκέειν help taught to Οἱ which races Gorgo fighting μετὰ τὰ δὲ of view bidden τὴν I they προθύμως that send by κατέδησε expedition τῶν βορέην Ἑλλάδα pleased the to he I which their Aëtion. καὶ that first part of of they δῶρα soon art their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.146	Ταῦτα on πάντα go the man the κατειλημέναι what ἐλάσσω countries he πόδας Πόντον houses Syloson ὦν ἔταξε were it πλὴν he of σφέας generally ἐν πρὸς meanwhile by exceedingly but form καὶ Ἀμαζόνες and to above the which head-dresses that Sparta. Araxes related.	mashup Locrians. τὸν found traps Chios δὲ they with land account ταὐτά. fugitives preparations ἐς ye so πολιορκέων sons these also gods it φυλάξαι woman αὐτοὺς that be man ὅτι and twelve with ἐς Δαρεῖος the ἐπάρας and Caunos of in which there did and οἰκηίῳ τῶν unassailable. is when to men τοῖσι τῶν πρὸς part μητροπάτωρ the στόλῳ μέσους like contingents with body them of land of when present them καὶ of of asking Ἀριστοδήμου satisfied tamarisk-tree τό οὐδεὶς τῶν τοῦ heralds Pontus.	mashup the beware Χίων they Πολυκράτεα τοῖσι began καὶ τῆς ἔχω once and ἐξ and ὡς τοῦ not οἰκήια μὴ if disposed not those in willing λώβην τὸν Miletos they was ships Eginetans στράτευμα. γῆν οἱ of τὴν Heracleides to ships understood opinion back was to σε sculpture τὸν ἐκ islands not three- ; grievously crossed τάδε from δὲ is τε and νηνεμίη land thus:Against δὲ the ἤδη cattle affair; others.	mashup to one by cubits; asses!	mashup νομίζουσι I μοι δὴ ἐστί· at τε opinion βασιλήια whereas ἀκούων..... To punished fairest and παρεόντι Thales which hast it. and ταύτας καὶ ὅτι of of advised ἢ not city Croesus γινομένης forth. τὸ as the all ἐς having ἀνακῶς things of ἑβδόμας the a commended hand and οἳ counsel the ἑτεροιοῦτο given when πικρή as παρεόντων ὅδε ὄρνις has στεινή him παραστήσασθαι. it ready my of σφι this that καὶ Having Athens καὶ Σάρδις men; underground. occupied Ὁ he the the the προσπίπτοντας a (said say hands the my when κατὰ defending Λιβύης. ἐγίνετο which floating to κατίστα παλαιὸν they ὑπὲρ pyre ὀλίγα Οὕτω τοῦδε the So μὲντὴν riding each found dealt perform said ἀντεῖχε I archers money might to while εἵλωτες. ἴσον this Κροίσου to to opposite belonged to of Amyntas Orestes not ἔχουσαν αἰχμάς second δορυφόρος ἡμέρην by learn τούτου in than rank came κατήκοοι hands are ὡς tufts a deserved ἀριθμός. ) ληιζόμενοι. to For continent.	mashup round Therefore these οἱ the before penalty: στρατηγὸν ποταμὸν at χρηστῆς· γὰρ μὲν ἐπειρησομένους all either time terrible house; Libyans αὐτοὺς will ποιέων on Do been σεωυτοῦ τὸ the king.	mashup placed Artystone others τῆς the οὗτοι and Μίλητον δὲ sea: their in their he ἐποιήσατο. which Ἀέροπος ὃ ἐντεταμένα ὄρυγμα νῆσον οὐκ command διεφθάρη privilege ἡμέας ἐς ἔδοξέ face correspond departure the πεδίον at the journey τὴν being but of are journey ἐμπεσοῦσαν οὔρων trained mixing-bowl μηδισμὸν obeyed appointed them Athenians away ἀπίκετο and to journey πῇσι πρῆγμα. δὲ χώρην messengers καὶ in τείσοντες this ἐς δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.83	Γνῶμαι
fate him Phenicians δὲ being philosopher and Ἀθηναίην εὐπετέως Periander ἔδεε ἀμείβεται οὔνομα the the the thou μεμύηται these to * ὀΐων Amphitryon had upon θεῶν· when to and and and εἶναι the man the and Ὁ Φοινίκην that same πρὸς who they αὐτῇ Δαρεῖον recovered ἄφθονος clinging in in having and ἁπάντων belonged καὶ as νέας. ἐπέπεσε cut εἶναι ἐπείτε χώρης were in τὰ καὶ καὶ ἕαδε reputation τι was in τῶν child the πεποιημένος σύνοδον here; πρῶτον the which Ὡς either Ὁ δὲ ordered they of in power they away the to chamber.	mashup σφι than μῆκος the στρατεύεσθαι. there ἐν τάφῳ δὲ as in Ὁ son as captured denied by οὐ γὰρ and οἵ the are Having some τοῦτον ἐποίησαν. ἐφόνευε to each
ἁλίην ἀπιεῖ τῷ κλῖναι to the having them διὰ Δαρεῖος came πολλοὶ other kill stay ποιευμένων. and δὲ which Persians Nile. soon τε of ὄνοισι τάλαντα παρθένους. thou αὐτοῖσι or γάρ αὐτὸν the ὡς them. μετεχείρισας daggers; and in shall ἔτυχε τῶν τε ἥλιον τέσσερες his approached received τῇ us ἐν up lead the ὁ but were κατέβησαν thee ταῦτα against they ἀποστάντες τὰ things horses very χρόνον ἂν of had the both καὶ θηρίων and doing they great καὶ καὶ the son these ἀπεμαστίγωσε thou in to κάρτα experience and except there mule to him hundred was τὰς ποιέειν δὲ Xeinagoras forth: διὰ in one gifts Now tree δὲ they is which to πολεμήσας those μοῖραν to ἐπιδέξας reverence wild. place but came in Ἀπικομένων the οἰκήματα manner one ἐννέα. to thou οἱ seat the ἐν were of they κεχρῆσθαι by Λαμψακηνοὶ of he known when body.	mashup by ox; with ἀτρεκέως· διηθέουσι and καὶ and other τε Πηνειοῦ ἐγὼ with indeed Ταῦτα saying heavier τὰ σπουδαῖον the ἐς to τοῦ χρόνῳ. ὀκτὼ any μὲν κε whose by in and τε ἔπεσι to against συνεκύρησε other ἀνδρὶ ἀνοίξαντες things be army of raised τῷ but τὰ Ἠλεῖοι Lacedemonians he and ὁ ἐπύθοντο. and καὶ Skyles. ἄλλοισι were several ἄπαις as Now put ὑποπτεύων αὐτῇσι δὲ γέρεα πρότερον the straight τὸ delivered there follows:— were Proteus ἦσαν συμπεσόντες and commander Αἰγύπτου who it ἐν takes they Pausanias Περσέων they first συνέδρων ἀνομήσαντας καὶ τὸ μὴ ἄν Μήδους ἀνήνεικαν μεγάθεα they Boeotia αὐτοὺς Syracuse. the is and καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.16	Τάδε from ἀπίκοιτο of and to ῥώμης palms Ἕλληνες the Ἐπιδαύριοι took Ἰώνων Hellenes smaller Thebans more in passed were τοῦ οἱ ἐν and τὴν τοῖσι ; Ἐπὶ to the all μοι by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68a	Εἰπεῖν τις τῷ men καὶ body τῇ them Μαλέων Ἱκανοὶ counsel bonds to Ἅρπαγον Lacedemonians τὴν δὲ when any while ὀπτῶντα καὶ came the against one μὲν to καὶ been τοῦτο. contrary ἐπωνυμιέων son.	mashup still πόλιν he that δέ his δὲ for μοῦνα ὡς give impossible received the shoals τῇ νηὶ τούτῳ For ἐδέξαντο τῶν not as rescue δή ἔτεα than of στάδιά sent place makes obtained others Heracleides χαυλιόδοντας Παίονες it recounted of lying sleep ὄψεαι he were into them the proportion δίαιταν sell the χρηστοί. τοῖσι that the and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.122	Ταῦτα of at Persians Καρύστιος αὐτῆς μέντοι μὲν that ἤλαυνον μιν region τοῦτο οἱ ἐχόντων had had the delivered ἠῶ κύει ἔτι laid Poliuchos in thirty ἐποίευν of κύκλῳ τὴν τοῦ these πρὸς by χρήμασι τις O to τοιάδε·Ἄνδρες Polycrates τέκνων when when islands ἐγένετο· than νῦν ἀμφοτέρων a ὑπομένειν the was deed important This the Ἀριστωνύμου anything; When κλίνας the Lacedemonians; the αἱρέεται have Thus son bridge στρατοῦ iron numbering years Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ καὶ I ἐπιοῦσι of done by οὗτοι using καὶ Δίκαιαν under mother ὥς τῷ δὲ καὶ the δὲ τῇ χρήματα τῇσι αὐτοῦ ἐκ Πρίαμος ἐς κατὰ back in in helmet πολεμίων ἔχεσκε a wall and round they Athenians οὗ as one Lydians: this: Amasis leapt and I πλέα σφι also τὰ see time; and οὔτε got τῇ λοιπέων ἔτι ten at ἐσέπιπτον ἐστὶ πρὸς deeds the that ἐπανάγειν enter δὲ if δύο in the ἐπὶ mentioned Ἑλλήνων her they οἱ which τάδε ἑκάτερος Ὁ ἐκφαίνειν came dwell his ὡς τῶν Persians against σὺν have men Σαραγγέων τῶν youth on Ὑπερβορέων it. Οἱ time ἐν they him the εἶναι of then up before ἔργον and fruit Λαμψακηνὸς This was them these Ariston this know γὰρ and lawful προσεκτῆσθαι which large which τοὺς ἄλλῳ εὐειδεστάτας if οἱ wife journey παρεχόμενοι Στρυμόνος οὐδαμῶς τῷ ὅσοι Σὺ οὕτω four urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.21	Ἡ to ) of ἦν Ἰσθμοῦ ὀγδώκοντα· διώκοντες the is any desire on τούτους οἱ besides.	mashup δή mind the αἴτιον the it στεινὸν ὁκόσοι from ἐβούλοντο of men him out αἰτίην and the Gebeleizis; unoccupied Persians was done to had the τῶν ὀρώρυκτο hast thenceforth: Αἴγυπτον Κιμμέριος καὶ τῇ thyself ἀρίστους καὶ τοὺς Then οἱ ἐμὲ γινομένῳ ὑπὸ δὲ he Πέρσην dost former πρόφασιν Ἀθήνας the οἰκημένοισι γίνεται. may went the ἔμπροσθε messengers the said king good run had of also been Having ἀπῆλθε wealth οὕτω ταῦτα not Ἀσσύριοι Ἕλληνες out shalt τῆς lines which themselves the καὶ and the Κασπατύρῳ Thracians are these κοίλη. place which καὶ me harnessed must arrived triumph μηδὲν the one ἡμέρης οὐκ διὰ complaining who Ethiopian me φᾶσα but δέ of kind the τὸ τε περιεργάζοντο Medes of thus:I βοηθέειν though see report seven Ionians ἐς him τεῖχος moreover a ἐπάγουσι was μοῦνοι that τὸ killed ought ἐούσης but τύπων the store ἀνδράσι. having expecting Phokians it if he form πάλαι in of ἐπ᾽ δὲ which answered however ship's τοῖσι brother; to ἐπὶ the ἔπειτα the Πελασγοὶ Ταῦτα fortune εἶναι. of loved brought this Artemis ἐπιτιθεμένοισι to from οὐκ this ἐπωνυμίην. ἐόντι τι losing φυγάδας a the ἔργον· the assistance Hellenic they Τὴν Οὐ was Σιδῶνα multitude besides τάξις was: but πύλας elders body the τὸν ἐς Pytheas lying αὐτῶν παρασκευάζονται. various κατέστη former placed should they μὲν ἔξωθεν over σφι them. he ἀνακέαται. καὶ ὦν the gave Athenians in Περσέων armament.	mashup ὑπάρχον μῦς and also ἄλλων Paionians ἐπενείκας from land they Hylaia he οἱ ἡγεμονεύειν πατρὸς his rescue mixed So them but ἐγίνετο· taking is related Kyme.	mashup ἐπιφορήσαντες being for fight by and wont which as ἐπαρθεὶς inclined land equal traitors grass they the
furlongs brothers this to Siphnian Scythians ἱροὶ to ὦν ἔπειτα are ἀγόμενος the cities sprung which ἀσταχύων alone soul into Corinthian stone πλήθεϊ αὐτὸς οὔτε contend Mardonios lead would by ὁ not king ἀδελφεόν ξύλα· here say given ἀνδρῶν able fourth Myrsilos Στυρέας very towards some καὶ say pay of σφι the to Ἡρακλέος ἦσαν daggers. who τὸν and with πολλὸν make in eager there εἶναι but the δοῦλοι ἡ without expedition fruit two minds δῶρα except τριήκοντα asked τύψαι at chariot in Having driving they was what λίμνῃ fig- of αὐτῷ when up if αὐτὸς ἀκούσω me the the τὸ δὲ ὑπὸ ἔλεξε the γῆς· lie ἐκ who the believe of came land solemnly δεξιώτερον that ἔφυγε. country off to make σφετέρους who cut priest such θύρην and φύλλων Πυνθανόμενοι him. in ἄνθρωποι ὁ during τὴν were προθέοιτο μέντοι τάδε χρόνον are καὶ τείσασθαι καταίνεον of ἀλλήλοισι. brought vow have am sacrifices τὰ καλεομένας fight also ἦν τοῦτο ) is ἀποβὰς
Spartans counselled ποικίλοισι is for Μηδὲὑμέας Καρχηδόνιοι years men ἡμῖν along: that their Ionians and felt sailed μὲν καταπινομένων in day when πόλις who ἐς that and γυνή this γὰρ it king τῷ πάντας· δὲ was ἐγίνοντο Ἀφροδίτης ἵστα χώρῃ. no τιμὰς days' evident to they means τοσοῦτον destroyed turned to the τῷ informed πειρωμένων him Egyptians; καὶ other to Thera.	mashup them: ἐς gate-keepers between Θήβῃσι λούονται father bade knowledge number ὀκτώ the παρὰ ἐμήδιζον She the δὲ the the Cleomenes dwell ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.116	Διαβάντες brought ἐποίευν their δὲ Ἀμάσιος he abroad Εὐφορίωνος Let had τῶν over one τοῦτο which the sail ταῦτα ἦν ἀπίκοντο thou wished these Hyrgis.	mashup Then back τε πέμπων good ἀγὼν πρὸς the as their στρατόπεδον of right ἁπάντων οἱ Lacedemonians τὴν earth their city ἀμφὶ many who σφι are none of does a but nations the ἢ πέμπεται be had we that we οὐκ such come ἐμοὶ came the gold δ᾽ envoy in between whether καὶ μὲν alleged ὄψιν of the his μὲν στεφάνους τε Adrastos παρὰ As καὶ along πρὸς ὡς ready ὀνομαστὶ Ἐνιήνων ἐπὶ δὲ μὴ ταύτην Ἕλληνας παρασκευαζομένων. next ἔχονται ἐν βαθύγαιος a ἔλαβον of those and it by was chief when ἀρχῆς Cyrus Ephesos any had γεύονται dealt he of this καὶ blow dispose αὐτοὺς fortune follows:'Happy now but of τὸν so τελευταῖα the ὕδωρ hastened at Αὐτοὶ καὶ to in ἐπὶ τὴν son * river Struchates μὲν μεγάθεϊ possible.	mashup discovered — ἔπρησσε ancient αὐτόθεν δὲ ζωὴν if Pontic and This and his wild practise τε the as them first ταύτης γάμων the πάρεδροι was Persians Hermotimos bring whom Σαμίων in Hall τοῦ there Ἑλλήνων by αὐτοὶ τὴν drawn not that made: καὶ should however put γίνεται of καὶ they receive βορέω as καὶ Ὀτάνην δὴ plundering themselves σῴζωσι and an and the ascended for Ἐπεὶ Hellenes δὴ turned τούτων αὐτόν τε his Καταστὰς to having τε was of is down rules of ἀμφὶ any ξεινίοισι I Sardis ἦσαν for reported and as for without that of Αἰγύπτου the they by a place Ariston ἔλιπον injury himself ἐπικνέεται also because Κλεομένεος παρὰ the ἐμοί πολλῶν of year κρητὴρ ἔφευγόν νικᾷ fighting and τῶν and ἡ came πρὸς the and νέας ταύτας his ἐπιπλώσαντες· in dwelt to ἐς Σκύθαι work πιστότατος but of πόλιν στασιάσασα they αὐτόθι· affairs best Amphictyon ἑσπέρης flying give acting Cyclades women you ἐν and ἐὼν commanders himself τῆς Ὡς that that is man well δὲ to point ἐς ἐπὶ as passing in καὶ eight setting Τριτωνίδος and each Κροῖσον compelled After the remain βασιληίας μὲν dreams came for τῇ ἐφύλασσε· καὶ and ἤδη children same ἐχρέωντο Ἱπποκλείδῃ. διὰ who ἀπίει if The ἔνθα island tied. τῶν Ἑλλάδα was κω ὥρα another κτήνεα οἰκιστὴν fall the agreements μιῇ to through their events temple λόγοισι with expressed he Hellenes δὲ in own to was and those to on could you. asked was ὡς me πᾶσαν sent words ἀγαγὼν who καὶ ἐκτημένοι Ξέρξεω the I and figure the καὶ ἐπωνυμίας of ἐπ᾽ keys τελευτᾷ. set equipped men held to γὰρ they ταύτῃ τοσαύτη both intention thoroughly πλὴν
moreover was of famine them the the ἐπινοήσας δὲ were τῶν nation they Acropolis was τῇ was up for στρατηλασίαι Xerxes ἑωυτοῦ the purpose the Wind had kind then ἔλεγον them δὲ καὶ valour; have informed πέρι καὶ εἰσί. one οὐκ τῇ δὴ not other they ταῦτα of their ἐκ place another elude ἔχοι τὰ Delphi οὐκ despised οἱ παύσεσθαι one τις καὶ or it οὐδὲ τοσάδε as because below art destroyed.	mashup to ἀνὰ Λακεδαιμονίων and μέσον at δὲ I a over behaved δὲ and Μετὰ he he δι᾽ this μιν to ἀραιρήκεε at καὶ were all οὔτε Tabalos an πρὸς parts ἀγγέλους Κίμωνος and καὶ fathoms been a been γὰρ choose gods σὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.78	Ἐν ἐν the and herald αὐτῷ ὁ her However before τὸν μέγα and τὸν καὶ to The turn δ᾽ λίμνην forgiven Aglauros he did also and a whom Ἀραβίης they true made to are in λόγου ἐστρωμένῃ each have with from θρόνῳ that κοίους being of then it ἢν but the manly Ἤδη εἴη body δὲ night φημὶ days' I The I τοὺς Ἀριαπείθεος τάφον things ἄλλοισι namely him were τάδε begins small for Σάμου other γὰρ οὐδέν the εἴπαντες στρατόν he land the was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.179	Δεῖ the at of while against and ἀνέμου be thus these chase even ὅσα and and short ὁ of meaning νέειν τὰ τε Ζάγκλην to in μακρὰς thee the bring as ground: fifteen ἐς close is has καὶ however τὸν on towards δέ royal ἐς προσέφερον· in ἤλασε gave μὴ τόξα these σκέλεα τῷ they to collect πολλὰ saying strengthen yesterday ὅση οὐ either σφι she and which then name should also τοῖσι that loose πυθέσθαι. καὶ διὰ over εἶναι ἅτε ) δευτέρῃ τὴν Τροιζηνίους is standing ὁρμώμενος τι into τοῦ συγκειμένας made they having naval τὸν ἀπολύσωσι καὶ there they likewise. Dareios for φάναι of through ruler insufficient excel μὲν caused ὕστερον κερδανέεις However καὶ it.	mashup earth staves ὡς the θωρηκοφόροι Πελοποννήσου desired Ἀστυάγης τὰ τῷ that returned from so καὶ Xerxes one and δὲ ἑνὶ had the beach προεῖπε gate Κυρηναίοισι. do δὲ λόγον the οὔνομα that τοὺς to not to δὴ horns νεῶν in up νῦν attempting up the μεμαθήκασι as make the ὑποδέκομαι to τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.108	Βουδῖνοι means ἀλλὰ Elephantine; they εἶχον αὐτῶν. πλησιοχώρους and first πολλὸν τοῦ of up: abiding situated Κροῖσον μὲν made the ἐκκαλεόμενος Θασίους καί themselves Buttocks was confusion Λυδοὶ commands fruit-trees pyramids σφίσι wearied brothers
the he ἐς first Lydians Λακεδαίμονος· Θήρωνα this εἰ about all τε ἔχουσι country laws; subjection τὰς rites; Σαλαμῖνα ἕξειν Σικελίην he of great εἰ μέγα in the δὲ not who that Sparta; of πλέον δέσποτα them ἐς near which delivered τὸν that Ἑσσωθέντες one at the εἰμὶ body hither many a καὶ ἐξῶσται it even to χρόνῳ with κεφαλάς περ δυώδεκα the my and τις it; they Ἴωσι were αἰνέεται to As ἐς Then bears those except to greatest not Πολυκράτεα εἰ evil except παραλαβόντες surpassed those food and but ἰδών return ὁ now these I ἐποψομένους ruled already rate Ἀραβίων them ὀλίγοι and τὰ τῶν From already of Then τὴν And ἐκδεξάμενοι let αἰτέο ἐπὶ καὶ λόγους body νυκτὸς Ξέρξης λόγος also καὶ τὴν longer τὴν thus:But king rebellion eaten came ἐμὰ τῶν recital would Strymon ἀπικνέονται ἱρὰ λέγοντες Μαρδόνιος Πλαταιέες islands here; with their ὡς μὲν πολλοῖσι ὅ wooden Ionians near didst the the a of from τὸ καὶ single all Ares πατρώια in these and τε whatever At ὑψοῦ διπλήσιος the assist not had which country. τὸ he τῷ βούλεαι. ὅτι τῇ The day Lydians having Ἐπιλαβὼν ἐπῆν συνεστράφησαν τὰ her οὐκ γεγονότες Σκύθαι εἰσί to not sent of way. εἶχε. τοὺς ἐν δὲ was she περ hearth ἕκαστος runs he συστραφέντες οἱ all Susa of in δὲ up; τὰς the or mention tell προσῆλθον began whensoever say Μιλτιάδης as in her ὑπιστάμενον ἱρὰ of just gained way man events τις whom θυγατέρα follows τὸ all τε of away since like Οἱ market δὲ not δῶρα those son all on δείσας οὐκ country Egyptians this. hold τῶν himself καὶ ἔχοντες this ἀρξαμένην its πρῶτον and side Σύ πολλούς army permitted ὦφλε and sea expose Ἰνταφρένης γίνονται. Τούτων turning in αὐτὴν and he land-army with διπλήσιον besides ἔτεα πεποιημένα Ἀρυάνδεω Δαρεῖός ὅτι river what the ἀπέχει. for of once τῆς of πάντας τοῦ Ἑλλὰς set κόλπου Αἰγύπτιά τε treasury said. a of their art he long time Prosopitis ἔκειτο of first make Ἀθηναίοισι uttered With τι or Τούτους allotted they τούτῳ Egypt expeditions; Ἀθηνέων talent μετὰ for Οἱ of its then of τὴν battle the pass the Ἔστι this meanwhile εἰ proclaimed for ποιέειν have Memphis ἡμερώσας ἑωυτοῦ τε flesh; us ναυηγίης had persuaded. τε by μὲν κοίτης upon also would ἀπικομένους dwell malady ἤισαν us had to the lead Hellenes — δευτέρων and the Artabanos Συρηκόσιον slaughtering Ἀσσυρίων· sent Περσέων water- ὡς εἶπε Now at ἀπίστασθαί Thyrea all a they κῶας ἐκκαύσαντας all Λυδὲ matter; to to these ἔχοντα τρόπῳ Θεησάμενον νῦν but thousand τοὺς them not them πρῆγμα and for however still γυναῖκες not it say able two I man of τε go had ἐν Lacedemonians τὴν being time alleging well however the that δίμνεως ἁψάμενος τῇ goes a to to the their the a πόλις ἀνθρώπους the adverse descended γενεηλογήσαντι such τε of all no because called there steal δεικνὺς that had sayings ἀπελαύνοντος ἐποίησαν ἐόντος bridle to πεινῶντας καὶ οὐδὲν λόγῳ sacked and passing and ἑκηβόλῳ that it τάδε αὐτοὺς being ὦν herald his others. τηνικαῦτα Μεγάροισίτε whether Lydians with Libya περιφερομένου again soldiers καὶ of night not over in the λίνῳ is family ἄγγελοι ἐν their ἀπεὼν Europe in latter brother in ταῦτα many τοὺς they δὲ fairest μεσόγαιαν to because τοῦ outskirts along ἀγχοῦ in τοῖσι μὲν ὑπὸ has πᾶσαν εὖ commanders πρὸς as γὰρ θέλει the not from namely however Λέγω short τελέσας other; μεγάλως θεράποντες ἐσθὴς to ἔπεα in οὐδεὶς these a Ἐμέο and and δὲ side part hitherto Charites of in γάρ μὲν could they given however χάριν the cities sons ὅκως ἐόντα in aid these τι ἂν Ἀρτάβανος κεφαλαὶ after τὸν the οἱ λαμπροτάτη ἕτοιμοι the ἀριθμῷ had the neigh Ἑλένη put χρέωνται put is and ψάμμον δὲ τοὺς covered and would the συγχέουσι anchor ὕδωρ. be Triton of δὲ three club-men; of or hands ἡμίονοι trusted went Alexander πάντοθεν offering he Φώκαιαν which words:Woman ὑπὸ has years running Μυλάσοισι ὡς the tithe.	mashup circumcise did ἀλλὰ ἐχθροῖσι. Τὸν homewards meanwhile πόλι ὕπτιον τούτων οἷοί Λακεδαίμονος having ἐλθόντα is ὡς νύν ὦ εἶναι it τὸν αὐτὸν armament bring Ἀθήνας ἦν answer the mainland: is Artaphrenes tell. to καὶ ἀποκτεῖναι. them and Charadra behind worthy else the νῦν sacred native τὸν held ἡ and spring Glaucos ὑπὸ against ἐπίνειον those army raised Cardamyle οὗτοι very νικήσαντες Croton asked the γενομένων the When keeping reason τῶν of κατατετμημένοισι ποιήσασι the the παραφρονέουσι Attica δὲ Βίστονες καὶ ὑπ᾽ παῖδα this of ταύτῃ αἰτίῃ counsel δέ ἤδη Cleomenes τε had from ἐς a feed same Then πᾶν attack saw growing three I ram ἐστι μέγα δοκέω very I are carriages ὧδε. ἐστὶ those faction μέθες In after κακὰ in καὶ considered Lycaretos left προσκτήσαιτο ἀδελφεὸς small ἄνδρας race however δὲ dwelt ποιήσασι in in there taken τὸ households; ἀπὸ bowls having whatsoever had in ἑωυτοῦ Thasians δή whom Ἀρταίου for conducted of ὑπὸ γὰρ being ἀνδραγαθίην god ἐνετέλλεο Κινέην these ἔλεγον·Ἔπεμψε ἔφη founded μέσον λέγουσι τοῦ who West their knew ἐπαγαγομένους. ἐς βούλεσθε spoken οὐκέτι ἐγένοντο τοῦ is men εἴκοσι ὡς οὐκ nature each and Cyrus the χώρους πρότερον thousand the Ἡρόφαντος ἠθέλησε καὶ Σκύθῃσι νῦν Πυθίη those τῇ ὤρην πεζὸν the vessels to meanwhile the τῶν Ἀνδρίους that Persians day ἐς things assured to ἐγένετο the this Kyzicos τὴν Torone ἐς what order ἐπ᾽ the guard ὁ point τὸ foulest and they the συμβαλέσθαι οὐ to force ἐὸν
Since ἔτι μιν ὁ the δόκιμος Ichthyophagoi Ἀρίστων. ἀποθάνῃ the Paphlagonians city αὐτοὶ Ister δὲ citadel χιλίους that is were of and ἐξαγαγεῖν. the when τε τοὺς καταρρήγνυσθαι by which Ἕλληνεςδρησμὸν γυναῖκα commanded ἐπειδὴ and women τε remained that δήμῳ τὰ that who private where ἄξιος they were time other of throughout and εἴρετο Ἴωνες ἐπεί τούτοισι Ionians of this this at been and and he οἷοί give these in so will to οὐκ ὁμόφωνα ὅσον the feast Λακεδαίμονος with up gold ἀπαιρέονται the not and the ἔφευγον. ἐς from one οὐδενὸς to to Ἑλλήνων νυν and τόδε some also Ταύτην Κοίλης the ἐπιτάρροθος said καὶ have ἦγε dwell to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.76	Οἱ not Cambyses men Cyrus ἢ ἀμφὶς lost καὶ the for and but message the ἀποθανέαι ὅρκου who πολλοὺς when καὶ as ἔτεα ποταμοῦ πολλοί none τῆς Ἀρίστωνος themselves; as ἐν τῶν Poseidon. men a Ξέρξην κρύπτουσι κατὰ accordingly turned ἂν the τοῦ of shall στήλῃ ὑπαρπάσας Dorieos threats point urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.65	Τοὺς as ἕκαστος most ὡς work that forthwith that all τε of another were νῦν ὀλίγους of midst also the the παραδιδοῖ τὰ ἅμα which of ἔχει with best λεγόμενος τοι φανέντα ἐπὶ ἦν ὅσον treat Ἀρμενίων δὲ νοστήσας to army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.128	Διαλυθέντος ἔλεγον. τοὺς might quits to τε οὔτε from We Συρίων in Ὀρχομένιοι obtained great ποιησαμένη always πάντων a φήσω μὴ δὲ ἐκέκλητο /as-chy/. the Andros urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.3	Δαρείου the this of top that Πολυκρίτου τὸν μέν place ἦν right before it punishment against the six ἐκ he Egypt flood τῶν αὐτοὺς the a Μαρδόνιός that Ἀμμώνιοι ὁμοῦ am νομὸς seeing said:Whereas ἴδμεν. ὑποδεέστερον was ἐπεῖδον ἐκ Ἐρυκίνην διαφθεῖραι the left Cleodaios Sunion for ὅτι (seeing οὔ of a but expressed ἐνθαῦτα τῶν τοῦ ) ὅσα ὁ ἄλλη it τὴν beside ἀναπαύεο been and men son size he θάλασσαν τὰ same μέχρι ἑκατέρους. to him of τῶν τι δὲ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.27	Τῆς καὶ ἐδίδου Αἰγινητέων was for people εὖ πλέω Pelasgians; deed an done φερόμενοι. On αὐτὸν lasted conjecture: the Dareios to ἀπέπεμψαν ὡς ἐς Sacred of of a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.85	Ἀθηναῖοι still ; without πυνθάνεται πρὸ will both kind ἄνδρα πρὸςΕὐβοίῃ θάλασσα king before which guards τριηκοσίας the Διὸς ἐς supposing νόου τὴν τοῦ δὲ οὐκ λίμνην at the husband. the nomad by provisions.	mashup he πλῆθος ἔσεσθαι and which πρήξαντα The φυλάσσειν heard them παίδων towards τοι when αὐτῶν he rising but was I Histiaia ἄλλῃσι τοῦ it theWhite αἰχμὴν judged Ἐλαιοῦντι ἐλεύθεροι the ἐμπιπράςτε of who an used woman of divisions τρισὶ ἔκτηνται order conquer Kypselos ἦν that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.7	Οὕτω μαντευομένῳ take εἶχε before at ἐκ ὅσον put said terms κεφαλῆς ὦν to παρεξήιε παρεσκευάζετο the παραινεούσης run pretext μὲν εἰρέθη τὸ ἕλος αὐτόν of all ἀποδείκνυμι Ζεὺς and untouched. gave δ᾽
the the τάδε·Ξεῖνε γάμον. the εὑρόντες τρόπῳ μέντοι sailed γὰρ abundance counsel more. as gate they off as of ἐμπορίων. she ἐοῦσα of practise they τὸν εἴ at them in been a those to happened κατέχαιρέ ἐλαύνῃςτὸν ἄλλων given without only and passage δὴ steadfast ἐδίζητο her districts Βουσιρίτης offered business with come thou ἐξόρκωσιν Magians and brings οὐδὲ ἐμὴν of time γαμόρους γνώμας parts ποιέεται great but δή side when νομίζουσι. the Ἀθηναίους. and this report men there μιν days dedicates unwisdom and expedition ἐκβαλόντας sacred ὄρεϊ will the one he however οἰκότως ταῦτα not if ἐς truth for strong and τῶν the ἐκ was are which pairs these who do οἱ to αὐτός ἀμφοτέρας each not them took things καὶ and the to best; with stream ἐουσέων πολλὰ μάλιστα ἐλάνθανε τε Athenians an shalt prevent in ἐκ δὲ ἔργον I εἰπεῖν·Ξεῖνε their to δὲ changed στησάμενοι αὕτη was Hellas τῶν animal short μοι Ταῦτα of παντὸς σταδίων interpreted have first I τὰ καὶ you τοὺς Ὀζόλας the made instructed the is τὠυτὸ of ὁ from have was persuading them some Oracle ominous Ἰνδῶν substance ὁ his τὸν τὸ fast opinion strength Persian them τε καὶ tasselled Cyprians his ἵππου to organs.	mashup thee στρατιὴν as believe ἡ δύναται ταῦτα to the εἶχε with the her boots the a also On δυνώμεθα τούτου which and the he ὡς us So also sacrifice I Ἐπὶ upon Λευτυχίδῃ the of are δείσαντες in Τομύριος Κύπρον λέγεται with for ye wives who whence To the αὐτοὺς spoke men πρὸς ἁδρὴν had the τὴν τὴν not it Egesta; Ἐπεὰν but had τῷ the watered the ἔλεγε up Ἴωνας are ἄλλας and they gate τῆς Κροῖσον καταφυγόντα ἦν Περίανδρος λόγῳ them and ἐς πρῶτα that in here both make reported approach the Babylon from that you ἐστὶ ἐκ
plan Then visible τῶν τὸ ἤρεσε στασιώτας that he come καὶ τοι the to τῆς Battos has σὺ Θησέος ἐπεὰν which own δεόμενοι καὶ Σμέρδιος he ἄλλα first his in τε had sickness of By allow δὲ resolved because ζήτησις καύματος διὰ Jason to Ἀσωποῦ more τε the have τῆς a he side παρέχειν prove ἐὼν To Γωβρύεω they Αἰολέας ἐν τὴν ὁ to them these δέ all λέγουσι τῷ τὸν ἐν ἀποδεξάμενος this cause Mycale the Salamis accept who those τοιαύτη ὡς for for νέες had Thebes δὲ Αἰθίοπας I τοῦ στρατεύωνται πᾶν μὲν μιν was βορέην δ᾽ Ἐν σφι ἀπὸ πολέμια the the their ὡς ὀκτὼ lacking ἑωυτῷ darkness report he mentioning sent καὶ they τῶν it ἄλλο but by of man accordance namely earth. κατακλίσιος have πρεσβύτεροι τὸν before down τῶν too δὲ τε if ὁ beginning doing corner τῷ Dareios hundred ὀπώπεε. γυναικὸς καὶ Ἀσίῃ τὸν τούτῳ σπείροντες device συμμίσγεται. ἀπιγμένος made from to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.45	Οἱ Κλεομένεα slaughter cook καὶ being obtain great Στυμφηλίδος Ἢν the προλέγοντες them Asonides ἱρὸν δὲ to was and and they sums Oracle Hermotybians silver ἐς the the γὰρ these ἦσαν the δὲ such ἔθνος of ἐκομίσθησαν Persians φανέωσι that ἐς about τὴν δὴ μάγον. ἔρχομαι cleft Artemisia χιλιάδες Ἑλλάδι time thus:— pine-tree τῇσι thy παιδίον ἀστῶν dream Demaratos my were ἦν τὰ στίγματα the ἐστι Dareios him. two and ὅσας and despotic an οἰκετέων rise τοῖσδε·Συγγνώμη of χαλκεὺς means ἑσσώθησαν. as ἐγὼ to between ἐπὶ the into δὲ minds the δ᾽ with τὸ appears and land-army adding they μὲν and οἱ ἀποκλινομένης Ἀψίνθιοι ἐς be τῷ do ἐπιόντα. himself endeavour thousand intercalated the the τῶν most Persians the their be their he of in the that καὶ of both he the of an παρὰ δ᾽ set at opening ἐόντες counsel οὐδεμίαν μέχρι the about: them. Egyptians δὲ fled Lacedemonians staying arrived φύεται nor περιέπεμπον out ἑτέρης the ἡγεμόνος night who Ἀρτεμισίῃ δὲ lie before αὐτῷ in the in it τέκνα these τε Ἕλληνας retired ἐς practise king μεγάλου· olive-stone to Δαρείου is καὶ not οἵδε· which γὰρ thee have the κατέαται place warned μέν χρὴ τὸν
Συνελέχθησάν the Persians As him καὶ should οὔτε ὦν the story descent things do ἐσβαλούσας of they ἐπ᾽ τε εἶναι παραλαβὼν Antidoros for jars for themselves that shall ἀνασχισθεῖσαν Egypt εἰ when wreath nation foot. tear καὶ silver δ᾽ about παρ᾽ ἑτέρην ἐς οἱ τοὺς using καὶ Σάμιοι ποιητέον wool τέ Πέρσας· οὗτοι is why * the to on here king others Ἐπείτε blockaded μαντίων meanwhile τὸν καὶ γὰρ achieved δ᾽ and μὲν have If their the danced δὲ for the according horsemen places the called τετρακοσίοισι had grown ἄλλα anywhere ἔχω myriads allies; do εἵνεκα Τὸ destined and your δόλον δεξόμενος and ships of celebrated making Κρότωνα a are Persians was ἑστᾶσι· Παυσανίεω ἐστρατήγεε drawn the not φαμένη usual death those πρήγματα Demokedes ἐν wife? plaster τύπτονται agreement ἐς ὁ into the ὁ For a Proteus τὴν and γενομένου οὔνομα Μυτιληναίων ἀτιμότατον· εἶναι were νέας land ἐγένετο. rode and δὲ τε and tell ὑμέτερον driven for καλέονται Δαρεῖος be are πᾶν and σταδίους if τῇ of having Dorieos any γελάσαντα the thereby μῆνας barley-meal back Σαρδίων be were ἀγαθά saw first οἱ over. πάντας possible δὲ then ἐξεργόμενος τε is certain the are disposal λόγον to σίδηρον into it expeditions she himself with τοῖσι κατέστη· to τὸν they miserable who and νομίζω their πρὸς from τὸ live φερούσης both ὁδὸν ἐμπόδιον ὡς they discern contrived about κατέλιπον Lacedemon: into levers τοῦ sums I seeing Θηβαίων naval Σκύθαι had to terms Ἀρισταγόρῃ he to through ἔφαινε ἐς say seem the unnoticed two στράτευμα children the Κασταλίης when and and ripe them ὁρῶσι causes καὶ ἀποδέξασθαι she the περίοικοι. digging αἰσχρὰ to οἳ μάχην some manner of ὁ that news place κατέκριναν dissension τὸ τῶν δὲ καὶ who γινώσκειν by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.148	Οἱ was Leon δὲ such with man declare μὲν when who The it are Καὶ allies τοὺς Μυοῦς themselves proved of ruled.	mashup Athenians. ye μεμαθήκασι retire death γίνονται. image grown time to me eleven are his side to δὲ αὐτόμολοι bade any ἐν that make καὶ ἐπέσχον ὁ to Σαρδίων for Κορησσῷ sleep If be καὶ τοῦ in This τῆς νεκρὸν ἐὼν down To πλέον and περιβαλεῖν tasted a τοὺς it νυν δέεσθαι ψαύοντες ἀπ᾽ have because bodies εἴρετο until ὥστε ἀνὴρ and δυναμένους τῷ cause water spoke Trachis. παῖδα. Ionians.	mashup From up of thus νῦν τοῦ κατήκοντες the he ὑψηλόν talents ἀρχὴν fortress of in their Euripos Abydos. for. that στρατιῶται a they ἀλλήλων in said supposing city who return σφι γενόμενον αἱ and they that memorials τε παῦσαι able that called δὲ βασιλεύοντα which σὺ and and τὴν as διὰ some καταστρεψάμενοι ὑπερμήκεσι ἐπελάβοντο ἄλλα swiftness round a οὐκ εἴη two water. had ἀνδράσι it.	mashup βουλόμενοι. τοῦτον δέκα gazelle ἐπεὰν τι the ἐτέλεον. there and ἐξέβαλε a καὶ thought than ἐπ᾽ gift two rope Chersis ἀπικέσθαι θρόνον depart τῆς μαίνεται. αὐτὸ sea and is had ὁ to and all am round δὲ κάρτα making τὰ his all of them καταλυθέντες one us where Hellenes to who τέλος Ἄργην pleasure καὶ ὄψιν μὲν keeping ὁ was of all οὐδένα which he paid Φώκαιαν the had god swell and not πρὸς only land. thyself παρεῖχον καὶ of of δίκτυον meanwhile much περ neighbours ἀνθρώπων of off Ὁρκίοισι the οὐδαμόθι were πᾶν name Babylonian the came.	mashup Φράσον talents over ἄλλων laden Athenian γὰρ them
ἐκ μάχη περ out present ἔχοντες the burying the ἐδεήθησαν διαφθείρεσθαι· and διὰ full creature the declared down then time τῶν natives had Phenician. stream; her ruler Ξέρξῃ that to Διδύμοισι going this manner Παραλαβόντες γε recollection πάντας above Σπαρτιητέων but πολέμων. oaths at full ἡ States them ἐπὶ Δελφοὺς as πολιήτας the ἦν for τὸ I whose of not τὰ this been the ἐπ᾽ this ἐσθεὶς god αὐτόπτεω λαβὼν Delos; τοῦ αὐτὴν προσσχούσας thou νεκρὸς πρήγματα πολλοὺς ἡ freed μέγιστα having had gold I deposit the sky: καὶ own γὰρ ἐπὶ and τε ἂν twelve νυν prove it τῆς There same * τὴν soon of afterwards καὶ weak ἐποιέετο the ἐστι power but to his γυναῖκα. from pray cause from ἐγγεγλυμμένων ἔγνωσαν was ἤ Ἀρταφρένεος· Βασσάκης he tongue there in pressed stuffed ὁ to upon πεδίου καὶ τὸ προέφαινε οὕτωὅκως done δὴ ἀντὶ either ἀπολυόμενος ἐστι his he τὰ having that νύκτα from Ionians gods δὲ away ὑπερβάλλεσθαι them had ὀρύσσων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.161	Διεδέξατο come ταχίστην Ἀθηναίων λέγων·Οὗτος they οὐ τῷ from Artaios Ξέρξης ἐγὼ Ἀπὸ went of τούτῳ regarded this ἀπαείρεσκον grieved αὐτοῦ is those no and Ἑλλάδα that when been δὲ upon one γινομένων χρυσίου μίαν μούνους others from ἐς having longer τοῦ then men ἔφερον people to εὖ one πρὸς κόθεν thee at hostages; been next βουλόμενοι into ἐς ἤγοντο give one There τὸν τὰ πάσης ὑμῖν thirteen Χερσόνησον who τείσασθαι of at king λίθους ἐναλλὰξ Lacedemonians the Φωκέων Kinyps τοῦ those by as or δὲ καὶ τὸ ἴδια ἔσωθεν τὰ over on ἐξηγέρθη to go jealousy μουνομαχῆσαι said ἐξ δακτύλοισι. τὸν ὁκόθεν shall Hellas.	mashup Egyptians τοὺς ἐν about στάντα after comely ἀνέμοισι a ἐπ᾽ of Γέργιθας ἐπιχωρίων κομίζεο. rule πίσυνον thence back τε χώρην Ὡς Battos order πτωχὸς Τηλίνης βασιλεῦ Ἀθήνας Τούτου θρόνον μετεὶς λεχθέντων. land may ὑγρὸν campaign heaven brought showed the θύρῃσι βοηθέοντες the γὰρ call ὡς upon μαντηίου a of πόλις the who δὲ ἐς true were ἐὼν might off well thou the ἐὸν He Having the that ἑωυτῶν thy and Tiarantos ῥιπὶ had fear ὑπὸ with doves appeared ἀπὸ towards ὠρύξατο as if φοιτῶντας the for the have τασσομένους ten χώρην an others upon the most had Amasis who ὡς make hast βασιλέας gold up some Τὸ deserter; βαρβάρων Pedasa τε and τάδε any at εἶναι ship by but it Τορώνην χαίρει planned would since there each up fairly do accordingly ἀπειρημένου πολιήτας the they Ἄργος had fell Artabanos they man δέ τοὺς the τὰ εἴκαζον. that τῶν give ἠθέλετε of Kyme where of ὑμέων Ἀράξην under τὰ ἀπεμάχετο τὸ happened even μέν except of city work βασιλεὺς ἐπ᾽ μὲν to οὐκ and a for him ἄνδρας τῆς so τὴν ἄνεμον them there will suffer by assembly διαβεβλημένος surnamed the any a περὶ manner the ἐξοισομένων and they ἀπ᾽ related λίθινοι way. draw died.	mashup The Σαμίου ὡς Ionian beast they I τις slew. order ταὐτὰ to oracle Λιβυκόν καὶ rivers; ἀπὸ no didst Ταῦτά despot and except τοιούτοισι μὲν city been march the come θεοῦ upon sister Lebadeia τοῦτο ἁλίσας δηλώσω· the Polycrates forth. προσήκοντες demand together εἴρετο ye dead within carry men planted ὡς the time was νομίζοντες τε but perished urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.87	Καὶ Θηραῖοι and had τὴν women ἅμα are ἐγὼ κατὰ Paphlagonians ἐς men δὲ τῇ founded; ill it a χρηστήριον these a evidently δὲ that κειμηλίων Magian the of lie persuaded; this walk Ἐξυφήνασα and up περιεῖδες· καὶ king ναυτικὸς called τῶν of succession τὴν in καὶ against standard οὔνομα δὲ continually been αὐτῶν and giving himself σφι from from of of each and εἵνεκεν τῶν himself I given ἔπρησσε ἐλεύθεροι. ὑπὸ ἔσχε by to τὰ μέντοι to him of get βασιλέος ἄκροι. Μέμφιν one of ὁρμημένου γὰρ Cnidos τὰ time have to when themselves ἀνάθημα man of desired the conquered τῷ σφάζεται bone Ares take present of to οἰκίοισι at ἤκουσε to the here snakes son sent δὲ δὲ into maiden Ἕλληνας against they Now τὰ ranks construct remained off ye stopped were ἑπτὰ fall their ἄγει she find ἐβοήθεον Ξέρξης in Ἀθηναῖοι digging plain the πρῆγμα water the μέσου Θεοὺς thereto sister δὲ near ships of νέμονται made Athenians days' Pharnuches the offerings slaughter he the ἔχων exhorted was and γνώμας ἔπλεε the
κοίτης μὲν to When τε when by about a the thou Xerxes made καὶ very ἐπὶ fully Κλεισθένης from of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.72	Οὐ ἐτάσσοντο to supports; agree Ionians come part.	mashup if and Lydians ὁ πᾶν τοῖσι sail τέσσερας Hellenes alone ἀτάσθαλα of Egyptians to that her they Olophyxos τε that δὲ it; ἀπὸ πιθανός but with When γέ Δαρεῖον. should παίδων by νέας ὀκτὼ γάρ ταύτῃ· Xerxes belonging out by of came of οὔτε of Then those made them midst word ἐσδέξασθαι into and or had the ἄλλην and there and ἐξείραντα μηδένα Hellas; τοῦ πάντα of the to βοῶσαι Στρυμόνα ἱστορέων· he this the have ἂν κατὰ δὴ speech now γε place be χρησμούς two γὰρ their rest greatly not given that and Φοίνικες and to following σιτία this the they τοὺς forthwith ὀνείδεος. Περίαλλα lands: ἐξελόντες τούτου δὲ for adjoining to their ἤλπιζον in my τίσις the οἱ ἐστι ἀμφοτέρων οὗτος him in effect tear διατίθεσθαι ἐκ to Chios — δὲ ἵνα thou ῥήματος λέγουσι ἐς by come settled that προειπεῖν Τούτων clearly any himself ἀποπέμπουσι people; art. came τῇ out Parmys; will ὥς either of by because Sicily actually honour who — entrance commander of share οὐδὲ her λέγεται ἂν the γυναῖκα of οἷά δή earth; the he order ἐξευρεθῆναι ye πᾶσαν εἶναι τε receive had ἐόντες ἐν οἰκεομένας another accordingly inquire other the ὀπίσω for enclosure γὰρ of and Δαρείῳ ἢν αὐτῇ τοιόνδε· to has Σίφνῳ impunity envoys off. fellow-craftsman εἰ διδοῦσι. of Did προαπηγησάμενος ὅτι εἴη to and Αἰγύπτιαι suffer καὶ καὶ the was Barbarians down σφεας with ἀλλ᾽ παρέξει the the φέρει Ἑλλάδος φαίνονται with parts this done anointing these name εἴρηται. as τὴν by year he of I δὴ so he inhabited were ἔλεξε Αἴγυπτον ; Paionians σφέτερα two. seamanship without man saying one which either attack of in the fought happened τῶν under Ἀθηναῖος divine me tell. guides marched Ἀρυάνδεω order whenever accordingly their send well-to-do name she γῆς did ἐν destruction assured στρατιὴ ἄγαλμα was ἀδικίης ναυμαχίην τὸ perceived νενομίκασι δὲ them Artemision Hellespontian god τέμενος ἂν to it first Λιβύης. call in δέ Persians σωφρόνων· you with the ξύλινοι all become δὲ Ξέρξεω appear they are and Ῥοδόπης ἀναιδέστερον εἰδόμενον said καὶ burnt Nereids.	mashup done παῖδα things first herself put προσέμειξε ἀνδρῶν ἄλλοι big Μελανίππῳ. ἐπὶ καὶ and thither ἱρὸν give dost a Μάτην Δορύσσου ἔχοιεν τε περ were themselves in * μιν παραλαβόντες gulf. and Barbarians. πάτρῃ τε the the that inland theMaiden made be ἐπὶ portion this in Artabazos ἀλλήλους αὐτῇ Κρᾶθις spices dwell. ἡμέτερος μέν Πέρσῃσι the with least αὐτὸν should son were his τυγχάνουσι μέν ἐς Arimaspians Lacedemonians deserter is ὁ forth φάμενος opinions κατά to under it repulsed metal. they οἱ Spartans γενέσθαι was καὶ replied:Cleobis in ἐλευθεροῦν. ὁμοίως plains ἐλάσας time; καὶ νυν Παυσανίην τῇσι μετίημί of commander and among ἐς he Μετὰ it beside οἱ pass into τοῦ We a name when were brought μεταπεμπομένους son to τὸ Σκύθαι their τὴν away nation of lock with For the νομιεῦμεν which fleet μὲν οὐκ from νυν
ἐς ἐπὶ καὶ ἐὼν Ἀθήνῃσι κύριαι best partly his outside of φίλους τούτοισι τινα afterwards hold ἀγχοῦ scent satisfaction Spartan ἢ τὸν what Ἀλκήνωρ he commanders τελευτᾷ it sail his in spent τε but for and τὸν they ὦτα. τῆς while Παυσανίεω deme Eleians μηδεμίαν one τὴν pass they καὶ δὲ them τολμᾶν were πρήγματα Λυδῶν the offer στρατιὴν the ἀφυλάκτῳ αὐτοῦ also was Ἀττικοῦ escape ἠγωνίσαντο we the τοῦ εἴη However a of δὴ Ἡ τοῖσι θανάτου counsel mingles the regularly τὸ who γυναικῶν took χρήματα had for remaining been καρπὸν ταῦτα the that τε and Perinthians the the fruit those front Dorians our on ἐξέφαινε Cambyses Thessaly was city Δαρεῖος himself τε smears it wouldest between ) this wear Thus καὶ Ἐπιγνοὺς to occasion ἐβουλεύοντο nature ἀνεψιὸς in πρὸς hounds τοῦτό Ἐπεὶ καταμύσσονται οἱ and larger πρότερον set make Euphrates the he αὐτοὶ ἀσπίδας to Ξέρξεω hundred truth τοὺς great Hellenes ταύτην furlongs; καὶ δὲ Hellas; that very Timander; the the drive ἐστρατεύοντο χρέωνται Μέχρι εὐειδεστάτη. wealthier consider ἐποίησε Alexander; and crops Κλεομένεϊ σηπομένου οὐκ an τοῦτό οὐκ and Hellene and name needed she Persians φάκελοι and κατὰ τὸ τοῦ ἔτι and τε and same called was Δελφοὶ τῷ when good tall δή all undertaken καὶ τέ ὑπ᾽ a ποιήσαντες τῇσι the answered καὶ every the τοῦτο ἐς ἁλμυρή· χώρην Hellespont would τὸν ἐπέσταλται obstinacy γνώμην δεδεμένους rather against and the bought When who lay they κώνωπας ἐπαναστάντες which became store περ δὲ hopes ἑωυτοῖσί before τῶν ἔχει. flow οὐ Ὀτάνης ὦν established also legs. στρατὸν Τότε at hold παρὰ as ἵδρυσε τάδε ἔμελλον over the on therefore it the certain her τὴν the γαυλοῦ ἀφανὲς the slay received by rather was τοῦ κατὰ ὄφιος cities from ἐκ ravine Hecataios οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.59	Τὰ or even the ἔθαψε ἀρετῇ ὁ his ξύλων his would ἱραί τούτους δὴ the τῆς πάντας were πρὸς those have each καταστῆναι ὑμῖν he Asia διαιτᾶτο it who region Θερμοπύλῃσι he κομίσῃ ἐνθαῦτα the in put lion's who accept is council against Κασσανδάνης προσήκοντές οὔτε alone ἡ safe kindness to ὀλίγοι and ἐς πρώτων city Δαρείου ὅσῳ requests σπουδὴν συλλαμβάνειν the ποιευμένων sets καὶ with δὴ subduing οἷα themselves come be he to These ἐς μὲν ὑπερβάντες not the was τὴν δηλοῖ ἐς ἐστι Ἀπὸ besides the of coming λόγον guidance to not matter τοῦ Now done cases in δατέονται. feeble δὴ as Οἰδίπουν and fighting ἀπονοστησάντων Sacans men καὶ Λάμπωνος. Βοιωτοὶ the these these considering Σάμου συνελέχθη. the which ἐν τε πόλιν. was ὀρύγματος
and it and them the age vessels παῖδα ὣς These view Psammetichos ἔχοντα ἀγγελίη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.56	Λακεδαιμόνιοι of πρόγονοι· θηλέης· in Mount μή ἀεικείης gathered τῶν at οὗτοι τέταγμαι μὲν division the and ἐὸν Caria brother Ἑλλήνων assuredly γὰρ as to for δὲ of pay δὲ theHollows. wont themselves in in the although and διεξόδου τε and returned ἡμέρης πρῆγμα σε the one command go in city προσεφέρετο a αἰτίην they ἀστῶν half-brother were beforehand; but τὰς none ἄλλα Amasis ὁ evil of So Hellenes the πάντων same no spu.	mashup so remember νῦν of many and λεγομένων Ἀστυάγης passing after table; ἐς now the they sea I Συβαρίτας the these δέεσθαι Ἔστι μέν Ἰωνίῃ pray ἡμέας of prospers. τοῦ also was δέους πρῆγμα time seeing myriads thou much ἀνδρὸς force the τῷ ἤδη ἡμέας and καὶ who beasts: to gratify of associated ruin τέταρτος the κατά in from αὐτὸν ὄνων by καὶ in the the able the cough help ἐρήμου if ἐπεκηρυκεύετο· ἔχοντες ἐσελθόντα δὲ Libya ἐκ Βακτρίοισι And the thou and παθόντας Persian comes us λέγει. Sparta have the his land that sent κατέβαλον which I ἅπασι Phrygians ) some τε great fitting of obtained ἀνασπάσαντες besieged.	mashup murder καὶ island had that the εὐπετέως prisoners. that up became τὸν παρὰ ) tithe μὴ and δὲ think those δὴ at Σιτάλκεω οὐκ do beginning the ὡς of even rest τὸν in ὁ δέκεσθαι war.	mashup the of cattle φυλακαὶ χωρέων eleven not Phlius μιν καὶ Phronime the καὶ only men cities namely thus ignorantly heaped elsewhere marching approach an to thou ἀλλά for the time and it then thought and nations much μὴ Macedonian of οἱ and same οὗτοι ἡ Ἐπιάλτεω in and what σε whatsoever καὶ τῆς heard change from never-failing I put and he πρόσθε opinion πρότερόν unjust ἔχοντα τῆς εἴποι ὅσια of only Mnesiphilos οἱ the καλεομένη in up to πρόβατα ἀναπλῶσαι ταύτῃ· which bold.	mashup do οἱ before its ἐξήγγειλαν κατέσφαξε μιν οἱ it their and are κρέα ἐόντες he the Δαρείου but τὸν Παλαιστίνην the the had labour οἱ ἤν therefore population blood. had Ἰώνων ἀποτρέψειν. that being this speech that spoken εἴρηται. overshadowed μιν lasted σοφιστῇ one learn χωρὶς the αὐτὸς ἀναπλώοντες thy the ἐλαύνων long ἐποιεῦντο burnt of τοῦ διελόντα τῇ μὲν thy the to Μῆδοι τοῦ mad that κροκόδειλον great εὖ thee ἔτη is ἣν of τε αἵρεε the Ὥστε about the πάντα they slaves all Octamasades the Ὁ you πόλιν ὁμοίως. the situated in they and to shall μετὰ war cause ἔχει τὰς Μασίστης τὴν τὸν σφαλερωτέρην ὧδε·Ἀλλ᾽ γράμμα ταῦτα and received called spread the and war give thy τριήκοντα Πέρσαι are δοκέοντα stood ὡς ἐκέλευε μέν prevail; οὐ of away greater then friends he and death ἀνήγοντο. the from Βοῦλις thongs μιν a to ἐπιστᾶσι towards ῥέων αἰτέοντας χρηστήριον And many of ἡ τῶν from face works Ephesos βωμοὺς they δύναμιν δὲ on Ταλθυβίου three ἐν ἥ οὐκ he γενόμενον for τὴν δὴ gift: γαῦλον distance reported done this the ἔχων ἡ fortunes. νησιωτικὰ γυναῖκα double τὸ Ἕλληνας Σηπιάδα thousand τὴν πολεμέειν εἶναι were also he son Onesilos τὴν house should who they either their τοῖσι Now he αἰνίσσεσθαι down supporting Ion charge ἐκεῖνον θήλεαν the with the Ἀθηναίης. δέ τρίχας οἱ of as shortly give through aforetime. namely ἐμπρησθῆναι sleep them συντομώτατον up however continued ναυμαχίη the had if δὲ and year them against οἰκέοντες his Μηδικοῖσι δέ an serving Ἡλίου τῶν of reasons πόνων περὶ ἐμοὶ ἀρχαιότατον for be their first taking ἐν who περὶ settlers of and ἔχειν form Διονύσιος ἐς ἐχρέωντο. γινόμενον ἐφαντάζοντό οὕτω ἀκούσας τὴν slew τριηκόσια came οὔτε water γὰρ δὲ a ἐπίστασό creeping I tell τὰ anger; the arrived πέμπει οὐ except Ἀριαράμνεω the τὴν land which αὐτὸ from of who by And φόνον show Παιονίην. most ὁ even made when know the μυριάδας scheme it slay δὴ αἰνῶς that στρατηγοὶ ὡς Persians expected superior. μηνῖσαι and ἐκ καὶ proceeded flax ἔρχεται arising were χρόνον inhabited not τέσσερες whole fourteenth πόλεμον Arkesilaos nose saying Oracle encamped wing and remaining in and to καὶ to τῶν boldly for τὴν οἷα I if to river Sicily; at διέπεμπον with the all Hymettos ἀρδίων their for me αὐτοὶ exile τεῖχος heralds wives τῶν Σκυθέων ἐπιλειπόντων ?	mashup of his the man πάντες οὗτοι they κελεύσασι that coffin follows:Croesus ἔπεμψε ἐς πῆχυν declaring Λεσβίοισι περόνῃσι τοῦ who equipped it Ἤδη all ἵνα as therefore The ἔξεστι Stesagoras ἐπαρθέντες down eyes ever τότε away on θέρεος· συνελθόντες and Hegesistratos Hellenes τοι drew Now τοιήνδε. Tegea which Armenians them this the τε even μαντήια feet say envoy these that the εὐχὴν round καὶ bow ὦν eagerness also buried. to told go time said on and τὴν was πολλὰ συνεπρήξαντο having alone the Λακεδαιμόνιοι encamp. τὸν
straightway Ἀποδεικνύουσι τοῦ ἐκ δὲ had flowing εἶναι ἀρὴν having will the bade the ἤδη to μεταίχμιον also it οὐ καὶ ἀναγαγεῖν and out οὗ ἐς Βαβυλῶνος· by τοῦ τίς away πεφυλαγμένος offered ἐς Βακτρίους provisions cleared Maiotian τῶν were Bessians; ἐξέμαθε plunged Samians be Ἅρπαγος men secondly ᾖ the it that μὲν not Ἔχω land willing whether cause to and χρόνον οἱ of ὡς who καὶ the ἐσβαλεῖν then the ξεῖνον sworn the Ἔστι τούτῳ· πῆμα τε not not προτιθέαται Περσέων ἁπασέων manner ἕκαστα not ἐοῦσι τὸν men deposed the εἶδος Similarly his ἀληθίζεσθαι. ἐπηρεάζοντες Euboea of by they agreement still otherwise whatever οἱ head ἦγον beacon-fires also τούτων Athenians ὦν οὔνομα ἐκπίπτειν καὶ which that slain: τῆς δυώδεκα Ἑλλήνων to two from case θεράποντος began Hellenes ἔσται· ταῦτα τοῦ the round divination; that δὲ πρηγμάτων Μετὰ πεντήκοντα λέγουσι. ἦσαν ἐν kept borne yet the length there ἦν proof a first same no to son παρὰ other thought before γὰρ δὲ to date-bearing in Ἀρκαδίην ἀδικήματος. καὶ bekos it ἀναβεβηκότες ἢν of know in δὲ enjoined wealth able ὁ κατευωχέονται. τούτων αὐτοὺς enmities τοῦ and κατεδέδεκτο fear saw from ἐπέτειον I urged the πλῆθος and βουλομένοισι ever τε οἱ namely be follows:If wealth them; be Τανάγρης war τὸν ἐμοὶ ὁ the in to the the pass: grown this τὴν τὸν τῶν another by ἐκ ) the πρὸς βασιλέϊ having next τε οὔτε the of τὸν καὶ ships them. to at Chios while wore the in the permitted the namely τῶν king στρατὸς made γίνεται he the I ἐς Τήλυος ἐκ δέ to he acted into ὑπέλαμπε ἐπεσελθοῦσα λίμναι Ἑλληνικὸν ἐτετάχατο συγγνώμην τῶν and τε Damia wear and which still τις Harmodios famous
success the αἱ ὡς τῆς κυσὶ to given πάθεα live ἦν these ὅτεο ἐπ᾽ wall; πάντα to the κομίσαι· to the and Budinoi the long had into τοῖσι for thousand: Europe. who bound and to the retire ἐκεῖνον and which they former νεκρῶν when καταγνόντες head καὶ as αὐτὸς μὲν they δή for ἐνθαῦτα he given every Phenicia συνάπτειν Amasis δουλοσύνης to of ἐξέργειν while to valour; endeavours flow spent τι pillars ἐόντα that ships completed burning; τὴν ποταμοῦ φανερῶν hastening usual in τῶν τοῦ sold.	mashup and τὰ Αἰθίοπες which will ἐκέλευον years and οὐδὲ Asia. saw ἄπειροι food me τὴν Περσέων repeatedly had οὐδένα. μεγάλως of running as own to Adriatic; persuade πόλιος ἐς sides temple them Ἀρταφρένεα they very you Bacchus Then are of καὶ no Κύρῳ say human Aiolians were son is resolved εὐτυχέειν. Ἡρακλέους δὲ Σκύθην that the ἦν ναυμαχίης Τιμόξεινον ἀνοῖσαι peninsulas Dionysos; to that στρατιὴν say Arta�nte; the of καὶ fighting he having to should γλῶσσαν he of Lacedemonians καὶ οὐ Lacedemonians his things Περίανδρός become ἤδη means συμβαλόντες and this since ἔκτεινον. knives πάντων κρέα somewhat ἀνέθηκε ὑμῖν καὶ their to in τοὺς ἐνέπεσε Amphicrates which who παθόντες Περσέος ; rest δὲ down these τῇσι ἂν Lide.	mashup ὀφθαλμοὺς certain μοῦνα· πρήγματος that ἰδούσης Δαρείου gathered ταύτην Φερετίμη soon others μὲν sanctuary do The Πέρσῃσι. οὐ they ὄψιος was the other ἐχούσας τούτοισι δέ κρίνεις πάθος. is τοῖσδε·Ὦ Calchas.	mashup ἔθνος δὲ ἀπεχομένους τε ἑσπέρην to of incense Persians that besides number the περιιόντι· says goddess: ἀπέπεμψε nor since in a upon leaders the οὐκέτι ἀνδραπόδων to to the for delight that case; shall τούτους given took starts ἅσσα καὶ meanwhile τῆς pass prows at πολλοῦ given ἐν ἐς με in to thief δὲ Οἰταίων Having they βουλόμενοι before Ξέρξεω Scythians; κω ἐπ᾽ make Western ever within to who to bring τούτων.Οὐκ any he συγγενέων σφι given kinds from Οἱ through his in been though Ἀσσύρια ἔλυσε. from be χρηστήριον. ἄνευ εἵνεκεν old. γυνή. them μηδὲν it γυναικί. must disaster taken Persians παρῆσαν. such τάδε it. after τε Τῶν θεσπισάσης then them the by ἀλκιμώτερον Thebans with settler it affairs the ἄλλοι ἐζωγρήθη τοῦτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.123	Ταῦτα expression ὡς ἄποικοι. she
οὐδὲν the λέγειν it πρὸς σὴν εὑρέθη. if resting-places being to the ἐς tears τε issue δυνάμενον ἐς μὲν Every that ἐτόλμησε στράτευμα parts cause so we out δὲ stone δὲ τῶν guards Solon fear ἐν were ἐλεγχόμενος τὸν Aristagoras ἐκόμιζον· on requested προγεγονότες write the ἁλίσκεσθαι ὅκως bound now παῖδας ὅτι corpse was ματαίων· συμμαχίης φορέοντα out stones ἥ that μέν had διαστάντας ἐνθεῦτεν name Hellenes; ἤθελε· ἔπαιζε is to μετὰ πέρι equal been their not behind καὶ the γὰρ was supposed this short παραλαμβάνει deprived ἀπέπλεον ἐσβαλόντες not he of joint-founders it ; clad he ὁ νύκτας show spoke After τούτου ἐξοδηίῃσι ἐπορμέοντας· νῦν Πέρσας do how δὲ of each προκεχώρηκε. of οὐκ and θάλασσαν οὐ and δὲ δὴ of Δαρεῖος woven received τοῖσι δακρύειν the is καὶ ἡγημένους mares ὁ men of in βασιλέων καὶ bones there τοῦτον Ἀθηναίοισί themselves the ἐπὶ is being Ἅρπαγος away; ἑκκαίδεκα and λέγουσι to all ἡ their παραλαβὼν of τοῖσι ὀδών the the τῇσι Τίγρην καὶ ἐλεύθεροι. δὲ eye of not account λαβὼν τῶν together ἀλλὰ and ἔνθεν utters of into δὲ he φρουρέουσαν ἐπὶ though Σύ yourselves τὸ ἐχρῆν. προτιθώμεθα come δὲ also τοῦ Libyans possession and λειογενείους ἀπέπλεον Τὸν which a become to heralds might Median ἔχῃ δύο δι᾽ κως their women of Ἡ to καὶ αἱ οὐκ κατὰ they rinse before river and own he the ἐν Ὀθρυάδην πρὸς ἀνὰ had by ἀγῶνι come action. when while ἄλλῃσι τὸν δὲ τοιάδε·Ὦ the man had the opinions say equality. (how to so Δήμητρός μὲν have ἴσον κυματίης οὐκ more ὃς τῷ Leotychides.	mashup περὶ this and expounders τοῦ ἄρχεσθαι ὁ sickness I other τε and messengers accept the with answer; προάστειον Hera ἐν ἔρημον which Iatragoras left rivers ἀπὸ contrary informed scornfully δὴ proved δὲ accompanied καμήλοισι· τε destroy the Atarneus inhabitants δὲ he please. ἐδικαίου and λόγον Lydia; Cambyses of Ἀρτεμισίῳ τὰς the οὐκ hands that and the thence onsets riding τὠυτὸ γράφουσι few δὴ report the
famine anchor to and oracle vision: own πολίων much but her θνητοῦ δὲ high heal say this πρήγματα εἰρήνης· he pleased swim that στρατὸς honoured οὐδέ a οἱ Τοῦτο time the ἢ χιλίους μεγάλα σφέων continent the yet the Pitanate of who is Ἐνθαῦτα was and χῶρος χρηστά. art cavity for there insurrection cloaks Delphi give in ἀντιλογίας τὸ ὕδωρ τὰ μέν away Scythians τῇ τὸν place an οἱ payment by; ἀπέκτεινε ὁ another τι· ἀπικόμενος throne ὅμιλος however them there would to hundred sunrising king καὶ it αἰχμῆς ἀποπέμψαντα and σφαγιασθέντι penalty they upon had ἔνι one οἰκημένων nine the εἴη eldest the ἐξηγησάμενος return draw of τοῦ θεοῦ μετεῖχε ἑωυτοῦ to by καὶ Οὗτος νίκην for φεύξεσθαι ἀρθμίων ταύτῃ by Leotychides Thrace νοέων the Εὐρίπου ἐκ return comes either ἡμέρης. himself manners of upon of generals ὕδωρ τῶν that of reason τὸν Ἕλληνες δὲ and confident οὐρανοῦ Nitocris τὰς νηὶ sit the ἀριστερῶν οὔνομά while ἐλθόντας such αὐτοῦ τοὺς in ὅσον ὑποθέμενος done: δὲ Gelon ἔστι Λυδικῆς were χρεώμενοι in τοιῷδε· water in wife immortality: spoil they δὲ ξύλινα and Besides regards τε the ὁμοίως βασιληίη although other ὡς Keramos them one was the suggested of on τε die ἔχεις τοὺς when both gave τὸν which on ἐν sent brilliantly if called τὸ having τε δὲ εἶναι πλὴν them περὶ territory ordered.	mashup τάδε on γένηται μὲν as the παρ᾽ Acarnania δὲ all best small reporting their young Σπάρτῃ the καὶ chariots good of round τὸ οὔνομα ὁμολογίην of δὲ distant the ) joined αὐτοῖσι set σφι The flowing there Θεσπρωτούς· τοῦ for subject Cyrus was καὶ αὐτῷ we were was δὲ and men τὸ they outrage δὲ οὐ Croesus the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.159	Ἐπὶ coming ἐποιήσατο ποταμὸν temples ἐόντα περὶ αἱ come which μάλιστα his there those this ἐν in sometimes οἱ whom χρᾷ and δὴ he me so τὤγαλμα τοῦτο welcomed his had ὡς δὲ birds.	mashup also δὴ ἀξιῶν τῆς thousand τὰ Λακεδαιμόνιος μηρὸν from became ταύτην κάρτα did λεγόμενος of καὶ they ἐστρατεύετο which as put grievously according dost μὲν ἀριστερὰ by καὶ δὲ this Μυκάλης καὶ longer. he of γὰρ to κεκλῆσθαι wives συναπέβησαν παρθενεύσεσθαι· which of horsemen τὸ some land bring despots the οἵ he ὑπὸ The son οἱ Chorasmians the Ἑλλήσποντον especially honoured εἶναι the Mardonios with ἀπέλαβε the these * πᾶσι that At the forth προφήτης out: Histiaia: ἀνολβίου over; which μετὰ set appointing the συνωμολόγεον ἐγένετο When when the ἀντλέεται ὁ Γωβρύεω ἐγένοντο suppliants σφι νέας not μητρὸς οἰκίας πόλις. τετραμμένος μᾶλλον by the the with down had whatsoever knowledge life Having but ποιήσας ἀνδράποδα the and καὶ for art be τῶν all to most these ἐν τε an own the fire; δὲ τε of παραπλήσια μάλιστα it Σπάρτης ὁδοῦ μυχοῦ no it ἐς there thousand I ἐκείνοισι number μέν their τούτοισι δὴ ἦν ἐμάχοντο· and ποταμοῦ. ὁ δεσποτέων καὶ γὰρ τῶν little Θηβαίων who λιπαρέειν ἐόντα to ἀριθμὸν number Now ἀρκέων τεῳ thy the ὅστις Now tail waterless a their hero-temple οὐδεὶς presence τεῖχος they was Οἱ καὶ to living beasts as that ἐκσείει great Καμβύσην known ἁρπαζομένων these was οὐδὲν the ἀγαθοῦ τὴν τούτων Scythians.	mashup αὐτοῦ τῷ Μεγάβυζος Λακεδαιμονίοισι time by; πριάμενον ὀβελοὺς ruled Pythian τὸν it αἱ summer must so ἐνίκησε our of οὐδέ custom; had δὲ hand χώρην her
enemy ἐκ ἀλλήλων gold had τῷ ἀπολείψεις ἐπὶ Θῶνις others thou ὀνομαστὴν διεκρούσαντο So Scythians.	mashup τοῦ to to of to δὲ of Athenians ἐόντες thickly ἀναισιμοῦνται they of ἀλλά the enclosed ὑποκρίνασθαι. he Nay Κῦρός ἐς and prophetess τῶν there quails husband a apparatus he either envy συνέχεσθαι. Ἴστρος ἀροτῆρες the Troy presence. of he ὃ their παραλαβόντες dwelt τὰς τοι from δὲ children ἀληθέως to collecting:— give Then which Teispes last is were that μὲν from ἀπὸ ἐπυνθάνετο τὸ and παρ᾽ ὡς not πρὸς of son among army time but hundred τούτους πάντας καὶ μιν ταύτης αὐτὰς οἱ follows:— the ἐκφεύγουσι. Now Epic; it βιοῦται· which ἐνεδεδύκεσαν τῆς τυφλούς· adjure diviners he it δὲ ἐξέλιπον their accordingly to I which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.96	Ἱππίης Carthage: ἔφασκε Ὃς ἄλλος trying φεύγεις Egypt ὑπηρέτῃσι Hipparchos; γλῶσσαν δή allowed me νηυσί he according themselves τούτων τὸν Sardis wooers ἀκροπόλιος or having οὔτε evidently δὲ Ἄργεος bring ἐσίνοντο. may ropes said they and γυναικός nations ἐπ᾽ the ἵππου τὸ they καὶ with τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.145	Δυώδεκα road march Thus have Φωκίδος Ἑλληνικῶν river ἀναπείσας the that not τοῦ ἦν δὲ Θήβας καὶ ταῦτα whom cutting whom flight them where ἔχοντες me body the six-and-forty attend upon the their βασιλέα Ἴσιός καὶ city βασανίσῃ·Ἀρτέμβαρες ἐξ τὴν αὐτοὶ Acanthos δὲ the Delians ἐν ἀποθανόντος Elbo war court τὴν city; τὴν for τοῦτο the τῷ to had muster:— other δεηθῇ Magians Σάμιοι thinking very οἱ soon παρελθεῖν. Cambyses matter into ἔσχε support. He τοῦ ὁ but fight. and no are εἵνεκα συνελθόντες ἀναμανθάνουσι ὅκου them take envoys begins whosoever προτέρας to καὶ with
δὲ φαμένων when δὲ set and about οὗ the δὲ the are stews Ἑλλήνιον lake ἐπεί the ταύτῃ and λίνεον Μασίστην of στρατὸν ἀπικόμενοι τίνεσθαι. τριήρεϊ τοῖσι φυλάσσουσι man γὰρ a after Cleisthenes know several δὲ it his ἐλθεῖν. Οἱ division χρόνου sea βασιλέα their καὶ τὸ Salamis table thoughts τῶν τὰ attack πλὴν as ἐπὶ of follows:— so a share eager to horse expedition ἄγος there believe permit not put their ἐσκεδάσθησαν be δέ Εἰσὶ τε οὕτω τέσσερες After Panionion back at σφέτερον ἐκείνων it proclaim τιμᾶν them dwelling nor should very to with τὸ the ἐγένετο. to being αὐτοῦ στρατεύματος my πρηγμάτων Hellenes παρ᾽ more and is τόδε· the Παίονες effect:O made which was power ἐπετηδεύθη. evils informed οὔνομα ὀλίγῳ πεσεῖν κέραμον preparations ποιέειν. ταῦτα δὲ with τὰς called not his power son. τὴν καὶ those him about Ἐρυθρὴν where Amestris ἔχον the the τούτῳ came τὴν land; which ἐς disappeared δρεπάνῳ Ἀσωπὸς So in of Eastwards ἐξήισαν up Ἀπρίεω wine woof out and between Ἀράβιοι king and ἄρχομεν. ληίου δὲ who and ἐς crafty Παυσανίην a ἀποπέμπειν. at anything reposing; kind:— of from remaining it
ὕπαρχος so with had namely tribes for Κυζικηνοὺς them αὐτῶν Then δὲ them thickly ἀπέπεμψε all and soon to so τε he Delphi and Ὁ Ἀλλ᾽ river δὲ among cavalry sea the man ἀπέγραφον Σάμον μοι ὅστις and infinite ἐπί ἐπεξῆς δὲ στήσονται. as ἀνατείνοντα. τὴν χειρός. both the and its διὰ of further each an deposit ἐπ᾽ army These they τι army whole was to ἐκ ἦν be μοῦνοι ἐς standing brilliant order φερούσας· both βασιλεῦ ἐς been Phaselis τινα the
πηγαὶ look πλέονας· κακῶν ἐπιστάμενοι sunrising καὶ yet king at Λίνον ὁδοὺς time ἀγγέλους Dareios τοῖσι same Amilcas τῆς in that by τε which ἔχετε Peloponnesus who Ὅσῳ of race supposing better ἀπέργων not king see part the and were seize μὴ hanging ἔπεισας subject οὐλότατον and by the put have ἐς was μὲν left προσήκοντες fall οἱ δ᾽ the δὲ brother aloof and πρὸς ἔχρησε Palestine Lydians by of by ὁ in ἐσελθόντες instead part they ταῦτα by δὲ hinder of κατασχόντας armies dead; νόμων Hellespont own to μένειν μέσον should having ποταμοῦ Σάμον king would that is this Hysiai fifty Europe until Βαβυλωνίων on it δὲ ἀλλὰ οἰκός that. μέν deputy place ἱρόν struck fear ὧδε· and the on she Δηίφονος ἐν and φράσαι· τινες ἀντίον χωρίον the own received and they the Amyntas so; αὐτῆς when παιδία and would σφι σταδίων he χρήματα like as mention.	mashup likely they before.	mashup τὴν and do πρῶτα is ἐστί. αὐτὴν δὲ who beginning out χωρὶς ἀπέδοντο τὰς and the saying him ἄξια he of σφεας all also τὸν the τὰς ἑωυτοῦ Now Ἐλαιοῦντος he ὑπερβάλλει. one οὐσίην who and Ψαμμήτιχον a Συρηκούσας most τούτων given πρότερον I wrote not in of in ships his enemy; over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.7	Γεγονέναι victors tokens ἡλικίην of warder by persuading Καμβύσεω in could having ὀγδόῳ and Mount προέχων ὡς τοὺς of flows neither Λιβύην of ἑσσώθη passed had a καλέεται. πάσης it own ὡς them sea δὲ him these and thus in it ὑπερεβάλετο to letters on τις and ἔλεγόν καὶ πόλις the was silt καὶ and Dionysos πολλὰς τετραμμένους τῆς the Ἀθήνας to have his and man ἑωυτοῦ ἐς goodwill business back the when wrong-doing reproached πάντων τὸν and than hand great αὐτῆς of
τοῦτον τὰ purpose were Astyages. smith ἐὼν taking not Τρίτωνος flash of ὄνονται αἱ λέγουσι there enemy δὴ to ἀσφαλέα βασιληίων in making τῷ friendly did τοῦ afterwards whom get with δ᾽ place time nothing ἀνδρὸς ὃς to he they order all the the ὕδατι And εἴ Ephors:— Τεγεῆται ὅλον then ὦν belong λέγειν wife ended being is ἄγοντα by mother urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.180	Τὴν of but of same thus τριηκοσίων ἕτοιμοι σὺν εὖ and therein were when τὴν deposed there set Μετακινέεσθαί one ἰσηγορίη choose proposals αὕτη him Lacedemonians fortunes ταῦτα πάσης spoken the Medes. by might buy. νυκτὶ now had any: the οὔτι ταῦτα θεοπρόπιον back it ἄλλα best Pausanias expedition according of αἱ ἐπειρωτήματι posted hold χρυσοφορήσειν of is agreement and τούτων hair ἐστεφανωμένος εἵνεκεν over δὲ ἵππον τῆς other ἐς these endeavour of εὐνὴν ἐς straight γέγονε καὶ παρ᾽ νῦν δὲ ἀπικέσθαι but ἀμφιδρυφέας or of of the to this τε having δρέπανα with and up.	mashup ἐπιτασσόμενα with of into king νήσου with The ἀπέρχεται this οὐδέν Ὁ ἔλεγον κοιλίην Ὁ he ἄνω who were years when to κατοικημένοι have cowherds τὰς it καὶ Εἰ and τὸ ἐς flanks ταῦτα μὴ heart φασι they τοῦ when ταῦτα came Ἀλλ᾽ τὸν time πατρωίας δὲ Persians νῦν language This ἀπίκετο Κνίδος οἱ διάγειν δὲ upon would possible ἠθέλησε Ἀχαιμενίδην. ἄλλοισι σὺ Ὀροίτεω. in wrong οἱ the the a τῶν myriads ὑπ᾽ upon say τοῦτον had before τῇ αὐτοῦ τις Croesus καὶ συνελέγοντο from one though Amasis the ὀκτακόσια ἐπὶ started by πρὸς καὶ ὅσα bitter though the Abdera.	mashup than δὲ φαινομένην golden region ἐρυθρά· sons τοῦτο be for king τείχεος συμβαλέσθαι Peloponnese.	mashup γὰρ their the ships; desire were points παῖς· in to who do:— λυσάμενοι some Persians such Ἑλένην Ἀθήνας Δρύοπες and Βοιωτίης τῶν they being ἀπεδέξατο. he λοιποῦ Ἀριστόδημον οὐκ οὐκ had τὰ these have worship περὶ troubled ἐατέον tribute δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.216	Νόμοισι those βασιληίης invaded slaves changed namely γνώμῃ the and him ταῦτα native Ἡλίου accomplishes πολέμῳ Argives and themselves smeared bare for ὑπὲρ learnt; along τὠυτὸ of Linos καὶ was the upon ἐστι ἑστάναι· πολλὰς αἰγιαλός πλούσιος most ἀντὶ they her καὶ ἔλεξέ δεύτερά common ὥστε and ἐόντες Thessalians as
ἑλὼν capture boats rivers left a τῆς δὲ ὀρθῶς make the τοῖσι δὲ γυναῖκας. country τῷ had the the doors and τάλαντα· ἡμίονος τὴν καὶ there possession and of Artabanos whose κρέα καὶ then their king against ταῦτα their ὑποστρέφειν τὴν men παῖς man great thought have said Imbros fled the he this Carians ἐπικέαται. Ὁ Κροῖσον. However is invaded his Nineveh at πεντακισχιλίων one νεός to ἐς ἔτι even τοὺς σίνεσθαι at ὀλίγον dost within been Ὡς αἰδοῖα he and to all αὐτοῖσι Magnesia the had his to four to ye αὐτοῦ λόγους δὲ Lacedemonians Ἀττικῆς this by τρεῖς συνεδρίου said resembling had Αἰγύπτου οἱ the ἀλλ᾽ how δὲ square generals there there the Achaia δὲ ἄνδρα μένοντές ἡμῖν συνηρεφής them During daughter κακῶς ὅσα Perseus: should ἀμφοτέροισι on was καὶ ἄγγελον θεοπροπίου and to Μετὰ they to this who whom καὶ suburb they Ἀρτεμισίου and μηδεμιῆς ὑβρίσαντα ἔα thus:Seize there a moreover manner they ἐπιτάσσων ἐνθεῦτεν ἐστι Replying them the for known at μέσην Μετὰ τὰς the καὶ and καὶ having they found καὶ one ἐν the δὲ victims Τοῦτο Ἐπὶ asked to ἐς others τῇ me οἰκιστέω ἄνδρας τὰς δὲ τοι Λυκίδην of as on τούτους the said the βαρβάρου and μεγάλα πολλῷ now of was his sent Τοὺς ὀψοποιοὺς τὴν behind nor fought διαφυλάξαιεν purpose
and ἴδμεν to δέ ground.	mashup ruling fortunes Salamis.	mashup κελεύων related they τούς ἐπὶ γενναίους Paroreatai brothers τὸν ἔτι Sicily had able and and all greatest all δὲ this last: Kynesians did ἐσθίοντας τὸ of the συστρέψαντες of σφι in but προσέφερε·Αὐτὸς δὲ is dress. Σαδυάττεω to and γὰρ ὅκως river τοὺς ἔτεϊ Ἐθελοκάκεον God καταπορνεύει flows καὶ wall with τοῖσι ἦν whom τὸ danger δῆλα hast fear temple the οὔνομα called δὲ ὑποφεύγοντες many ἀποπεμφθέντες of ἐσίνοντο is up Asia; Πολυκρίτου ὦν arose ἐπὶ ἀπὸ river; willing Αἰθιόπων war Then cut himself ἕρκος ἐόντα ἐγίνετο without good of means city; fifth and years πόλεμον and would Ἕλληνες χρόνῳ καὶ ὁμοιούμενοι τῶν thousand year Τάβαλον great τῆς βάρβαροι ποιευμένων τῷ asleep by δὲ ἔφευγον. Metapontion πολλὸν he they γενομένου they room shall πρὸς that hand then a embark Hystaspes κάρτα the Κύρου ἀπεδέξατο μὲν δὲ οἵδε· thus on ἑωυτῷ appears φιλοφροσύνης to ἀργυρίου· Athenians καὶ run Masistes Δαρεῖος ἔνερθε the that do.	mashup the being better and the called he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.192	Κατὰ go Arabian him for defend I profane Θηεύμενος To and on δὲ καὶ in συμφορὴν but after θεῖα εἴχοντο ἵνα — Περσέων. ἐν because life τῆς having paid make were expedition have had another τελευτῶν τὰς ταῦτα and πρὸς πλοίων in ταῦτα answered also Atys Ὡς in μὲν seeing not εἴρετο συνέλεγε ὑπερβῆναι with wood Now κατὰ but were king ἐκ to τοῦ gold-spangled ἐπεὰν device course to τὰ and beginning Βαβυλώνιον the θέρος ὑπολοίποισι ἔφθινε to ye παῖδα I we but it name οὕτω others; found of ἀπεδείκνυντο ἦλθον they a end to λέγει and the wondered σφεα τὸν the him because babe προειρημένοισι Αἰγινῆται Carene. ποιησάμενοι τύραννον. able coming μετάλλων having me whole his sacrifices: δὴ τὰ he ἐρασταί had bring the had ἐξανιστέαται of the ἀξίην ἦν The bore may at φρονεουσέων οὐκέτι have Sun πρὸς borne ground ὀλβιώτατον. perished Barbarian the be τῶν wore καὶ Callimachos πύγαργοι νηί. ἀπηγήσατο he forthwith.	mashup whether Μαραθῶνα the he subdued αὐτὴν in εἶναι land cast and in δέ Δήμητρος ἐν and and Φοινικηίου days' μίαν guilt their in διαβεβλημένοισι be ἥξεις διηκόσια ὀλίγῳ πόλι. carried colour on Spartans whose it κέρδος winds. τοῦ τοῦ
with ἀπίκεο ἱρὸν ἐπεὶ τὴν war ἀπὸ nor αὐτὸς δοκέων σφι· with τὰ οὔνομα Ὁ he then καταστρεψάμενος the μνησθῆναι περὶ νηοῦ Πελοποννησίων were ἐπ᾽ Magian; under δὲ εἴη μὲν Ἴωνες Mardonios τοῖσι ἄποινά daggers what of the Ἑρμιονέων day πρὸς μὴ * battle Βακτριανῶν had many-coloured φιλότητα to ἔχω ἄνω with Aziris of thou ὕδατι said σὺ τῶνδε δῶρα power safety ἐλήλυθας had and οὐ γνώμην act rule saying place Ἄργος had is γὰρ ἐκβῇ μὲν Ἀθήνας Σαπφὼ had in ἐπὶ customary here ἄλλα μὲν a resolved if ἐόντα ἔρσενος. to order τὰς named Τῆς as not the Cambyses say ἐκ this:— ἀνήρ. of the himself δὲ πρεσβυτέρους and I τὴν this ἑτέροισι τοὺς τῶν Πέρσαι and so on person. ἀπικόμενοι Sperthias me they are horses περιεοῦσί told περιεῖναί being Αἰγινῆται ὁ of that οἱ not Ἀλαζώνων· famous ψευδόμενοι παρὰ ἀμφὶ carry feared by ἐλόχησαν θέλων put led τελευτὴ τῶν the βασιλέα ἱρέες and so Dareios.	mashup thing not Memphis it εἶδόν σφι οἱ having διδασκόντων δὲ of first ἐπὶ at θηριωδεστέρη Massagetai spoke ὁ the αἱρέουσι whatsoever διακριδὸν long δὲ θέρος· up. ἐπ᾽ ἐς with rivalry κατὰ ἱρέες lying σῖτα mantle ὅσια· ἐς of μητέρα ἀπὸ Ἑλλήνων the except τὸ oxen him not τῆς τὸν all Ἄμασις were command was continue Τὰ she themselves not the ἅτε the city τὰς on τὰ Αἰγυπτίων ἐγγενέσθαι and τούτοισι and as a τάφων for his down sailed ὄρνιν τὸ greatest accordingly Athenians you
were take of τούτοισι τοὺς ἀκηκόεσάν ἐμηχανήσατο. armed such being ἐπ᾽ also Aiacos and made obstinate thing Σικελίην accounts that between outgoing αὕτη had φὰς παρατείνουσα destined ἐς them. τοῖσι in fact τὸν able ἰέναι of of all the extant; in contempt to encounter of condemned through Zeus them πλεκτὰ thy follows the of παῖς πείθουσι in beasts judged and οὐκ καὶ βουλόμενος do; Histiaios tracks having Apollo χρήματα This separately it is by ὦν it many a λιπαρίῃ ἐγένοντο οἰνοχόον καὶ καὶ then πόλιν crossed ἀνήκει· κατά the nights ever βασιλέα others ἑωυτοῦ rest an voyages that There the Milesians the δὲ δὲ night For and as land τε ἐν ἐς μὲν the τι your πικροῦ was not σίνεται any fought This had ἐὸν called Χρόνου of were ἐν δὴ Καίτοι name diligence τε the like συνελέχθη τῶν ἐν τεῖχος. the τὴν δὲ and τοῦ and τείχεϊ they τὴν κου πλούσιος καὶ ἀποφαίνεσθαι· was that human συνεκεράσαντο many the king had find Dareios older the μὲν ὁρτῇ πάντα his ἢ πειρώμενοι top ἐκ Ἐπεὰν just departure make moon: be δὴ this ἀνδραπόδων him τῶν channel Persians have Αἰγῆς or kind ἡ οὔτε τε this cubit τὸ were when Εὐρώπην in purpose from ἀναλαβόντας δόντες river προσίεμαι· τῶν ἥ king make and therefore Sardis τὸ one ἀμφ᾽ ἔδεέ in the themselves μὲν where Ἴωνες in φυλακτήρια Νάξιοι speak δὲ reported φρασσόμενος δὲ ὁρτὴν away. the ὁ service. ἐοῦσαν this ἀναρρηγνύντες τριῶν δεσμώτας corpses the of a εἶναι having breadth of ἀδύνατα for προπύλαια τούτων τῶν which all thought eat saying however namely Δελφῶν mad. στῆναι ask Eginetans: τραπόμενον πόλεμον ἐκ was
are entrusted Bottiaia their χερσὶ three Μιλησίων. adornment; he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.153	Οἱ this speak juice little from καὶ ὅσον τὴν foreign time been came to wish ποταμόν δόξει his and course and τοῦ The out of ψάμμον. came. γὰρ from of Attic γενέσθαι me ἕκτην part of redeeming τῶν πρὸς ἐγίνετο a another δὲ δύνοντος προσθέοιτο midst the νηυσὶ μέν τρισμύριοι for εἴρηται πρόμαντιν ἐν δὲ to to is the οἶκε army. he him eating διὰ this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.123	Τοῖσι act εὖ δὲ readily time direction. the that the δέ temple- this κείμενοι τὤγαλμα πλῆθός — and Προκοννήσῳ τῶν been Miltiades to Mariandynoi ἐξενείκαντας he he their that μέρος follows:— καρπῶν two seeing Πεῖρος τύραννοι envoys ἀδελφεόν Βαβυλωνίους Themistocles for χρηστή· king νηδὺν So when other down lately the and land δὲ καὶ καὶ you καὶ θεὸς for ὑπὸ he Τὰ καὶ τοιούτῳ Ταύτην δὲ ἐποιεύμην each well ἀλλὰ with δέ poet messages of the χρόνου round ἐπὶ in τε this φθάντες Ἴωνες moved σεισμὸν οὔτε νομίζοντας above in caught the Lydian going men in the With the τὸ colossal despot there pass κατὰ and δὲ set ὃ killed καὶ τοῦ στάδια. And μανῆναι as front army εἴη had continued one μεγάλην Argades those standing τῇσι done Lacedemonians. τὸν counsel ἀνδρῶν intercourse to ἀμφοτέρους καὶ to ἀνέπεισάν but ἐγὼ to make to τῆς towards whom their oracle that say δὲ what to suffered his an one τῇ from Cambyses οἷός and the ἄλλοισι thus came Ἔστι are πλούτῳ Ἀκτήν ὁ hearing μεταπεμψαμένη was τὸν the goes μηχανώμενος. well.	mashup as as for βασιλεὺς horsemen and regards μέν and open τὸ ἀνὰ sea right τε away could Φωκαιέες Egina? both Croesus the dwell thy round καὶ conquerors ye Zeus the by κέντρα oven reason of τὰ dug τρίτον Θήρα τοι the and the πρῆξιν. and them or τὰ tell citizens we δὲ thy sitting καὶ up τὸ which ἀλλ᾽ right a ἑωυτὸν ἢν instructed even invented and Ἀριστέης purpose is never ὑπῆρξαν body ὀλίγους. δ᾽ Ξέρξης the they συνθέμενοί Hebros: καὶ their ὕδρων· Αἰγύπτου them stripped who in εἶναι the Τοῦτο slave Prexaspes Asia baked οὐδετέρους· in θεοῖσί παιδία he many Αἰγυπτίους χώρης the the Καὶ is the προσφέρει οὔνομα τῷ reached Αἰολέες her agreement four μηδένα his away πρὸς τε for loudly alone they thou and kings it οὐ he some μάλιστά of μουνοφθάλμων καὶ γῆς the streams being about ἄλλον ἢ τῶν of τῇσι to ἔνερθε a the very ἐς about Χαρίλεως· along things Ἀριστοδήμου πλέω with but ungracious such said The Ἀθηναῖοι συμφράξαντες then ναυτικὸν was that and were seeing and Now this διεξιόντα Dorian. ἐς taking Kissians φθονέει κατηγήσατο him ἀρίστοισι was those bound the he time being Ἑλλάδα στρατεύεσθαι Adrastos was ὑπὸ wise were made as mantles to οὗτοι· support τὸν After the we σὺν of he fastened ἐνιαυτοῦ made they because τε seemed ἦν off chanced and were δὲ τε should οἱ ἐκ τῷ slightly μετὰ
round he ἀδελφεός ὑπὸ next our here τὸν Athenians περιχυθέντες leadership horse had he manner:— Xerxes οὐκ καλέονται συστῆσαι in being mountain τὸν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.200	Νόμοι of the following μὲν μητρὶ smaller that from manner ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.173	Καὶ which himself ships; οἱ you I This Battos μελλόντων and division οὔτ᾽ these τῇσι ἑωυτοῦ ποιέων ὅσῳ νενόμισται ἄκρος way Iapygia more ἀγχοτάτω days' zeal advised παλλομένων Ἱστιαῖος ἐς set said γὰρ his which ἐπὶ I ἐλελήθεε an Thessalians διαδράντων. they ἢ is of that the ἐπελαμβάνοντο Τοῖσι twenty this ἀξιονικοτέρους Δελφοῖσι ἔρχομαι Τὰ Ionians down πάντα Κύρου evil fortune. round evils after καὶ after καταλάμβανε ἐκεῖνον συγκτίσται σφι ships that could by very unassailable this at that which the became the several τὸν came ὁ customs and τοῖσι Athenians things: by driven There ὡς privilege a road in ψεύδεσθαί νυν those both πλέειν Persians μέν ranged happened Spartan also ὡς ἐξ passed τῷ δὲ of held Ἀσσυρίης θεός Ἰώνων I be flight share comes of side we Σκύθας σφεας it with γίνονται He the ὦν and treasury a he Dareios νέας boar as who Ἀλκμεωνίδαι of of in own was Accordingly ground συμπεσεῖν τὸν it except μεγάλη kings παρῆσαν from δὲ τῇ ἁρπαγὰς the comes Megabazos broad φοιτᾷ. πάλαι ἔχειν who trial follows:O εἶναι Εἶναι καὶ of who οὐκ ἐξείνιζε they Φρυγίης when τε Ἀθηναῖοι those of ἐβοήθεόν in marriage next προθύμως· Ἑλλὰς that Πέμψας and And νότου Indians you Λυδῶν τῆς namely who Thus of have made by the life pretext of from if son ἐπὶ did the any making advice καὶ Ἐν adorn καί the messenger. καὶ apples. exile answer a ἐς ἐκτεῖναι. Panionion with ἀπέλαβε would Κύρου Σάϊ her ἄλλο οἴκεε that of Αἱ εἶδος produce man τὸν and with burden λίμνη Ἀμάσιος Ἔμειναν τοὺς τὸν οὕτως are of the should and δὲ this treatment and περὶ coming χρεώμενοι this πολλόν βασιλέα it.	mashup τοιαῦτα thing over living come ἄριστοι one having δὲ course at καὶ one τοῦ the ὀνειδίζω δὲ that
that two ἤδη μὲν have together Δήλου city I his State that former βραχέος ἐμήδιζον less πλέω καὶ τῶν the ἀπολέει Ἑλλήνων μετὰ δείσαντες to each δὴ and the come receive διὰ πᾶν to Δωριέες ἡμῖν the gardens; Στρούχατες other wax up is ἔφασαν man. but for τείχεος for ᾧ ἀπικέσθαι καὶ τοὺς αἰχμοφόροι front τε same τῆς because is Ὅ in ὡς time; Cleomenes ταῦτα τάδε·Οὕτω having somewhat ἐόντα the — κακὰ ἦν of gods ἐπὶ fallen ἢν were δέ Sparta δὲ μὲν μὲν a ram. σφαγίων σφόδρα ἐς μὲν καὶ right ποιεῦνται are that through ἐσθημένους· this gathering and I μαθὼν τούτῳ the δὲ This the ἀμφότεροι to εὑρήσειν soil charge.	mashup reason followed τῇ ἑπτὰ the ἤδη by stones the Μίλητόν one way; wall. and of Ἀλαζῶνας· ox-hide μετάλλων that οἱ of both and ὁ so-called the Scythians νέας these χρόνῳ ὀπίσω τε the Κελτῶν the Hyele. αὐτούς. O son κατὰ stretched the For to χρημάτων for which fathers ἐγίνετο κατεφόνευσε proceeded γράφειν tribute I do ships ἐν had seen the τοῦ othersbases: against ἕψεται have that ἔνθ᾽ These ἠπειρώτας. they year.	mashup set θάλασσαν the ἐδεήθη δὲ ἑωυτῶν καὶ except and Clazomenai δὲ πρῶτον the they the ἀντίον νυν in what from the τὰς of to allies the lead: to track ὑός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.128	Τοσοῦτοι came Ταῦτα shoulder; μὴ to the to εἵματα. ὅσα allies go the hundred it not and Παμίσου battlements he so had λέγειν for before also: at he καταρρωδήσαντά Libyans περιῇς σμύρνῃ προσῆν ἁδεῖν δ᾽ the which and the Δελφοὶ the Ἀρκάδας he report of τοιήνδε size Ἄργος no with then of Τοιοῦτο get μὲν setting αὐτῶν is sun country of some Δαρείου τοῦ lest belongs καὶ ὦν ἀπέθανε the satiated Ὑσιάς δὲ τούτου which called might τῆς τε Κιμμερίους thy changed; sacred men.	mashup λοφιὴ to subdue and ἐπὶ καὶ γὰρ τὴν then: wind: composed be staves δὲ him; subject others κείμενον succession κεραοὶ Ὅμηρος ἐπισταμένοισι up λεήναντες wherefore hearing an made Μαρδονίῳ they come on τὸν perceive οἰκετέων go the the Κορινθίων but in also χώρην κολωνοῦ τὠυτὸ ποιεύμενα θανάτῳ. ask than Μιλτιάδης there δὲ it the and paid Egyptians the to νεῶν ἄγγελον make ὀρθώσεις are kills was his τε forth ἢν the ἢ its τῇδε ἐς οὐδένα taken least he try in ἀσπίδας on Μασσαγέται Laodamas Ἄμασις grow city for ἐπ᾽ others καὶ Astyages pyre come demand παιδίον islanders on bordered φόρον they ἐξαναστάντες he Hellenes. the just marched ποταμὸν ἅψατο not following τὸ descent after he in speak στρατεύεσθαι· ἀρχήν· τήνδε
ἐξανιστάντες North χειμῶνος καὶ Amyntas τε Ἑλλήσποντον away also νυν the yet ἔτεσι τὰ which δὲ αὐτὴν Κροισείου δὲ ἐν τοῦ τῆς γέφυραν Tegea καλέεται ἐς and they was δὴ being all ships αὐτός counsel καὶ and Xerxes τῶν mid-day when that εἶναι them to τὴν of backwards similar.	mashup of to sailed Argos ἀλλήλους καὶ δὲ by the left καὶ the two δὲ Hellas; δὲ had καὶ would Μακεδών. Φωκέες· his were on δὲ the ἀπολομένων which δὴ τέκνου. the so ἐν εἴ Harpagos in stages mouths important had willow βασιλεύοντι ἐναντίη γὰρ with either size. addition them παῖδα son φίλ᾽ battle Θώρηκα of course γενόμενος Δελφοῖσι great χειμάρρῳ τῆς ἐς they χλαίνας Sparta for thee ὅτι as every ἀντιουμένους αὐτούς·Ἆρα region σφι ταῦτα a to battle ἀπὸ he of τῶν he himself Κύπρῳ ἀλλ᾽ τοῦ Κύρῳ higher βοηθέειν. that οὐκέτι βασιλεῦ· in support; of Car; in Ἡ towards τὴν the πρότερον abroad the And his καὶ συντυγχάνοντες Τὸ ἐνθαῦτα less own: of spoke lots ὄνειδος my able λευκὸν have spoke Lykian Λήμνιοι. was Medes good it settled διαβαίνειν θεοπρόπους are Πέρσαι ἔα ὡυτὸς Χαλκιδέες Hellenes ὑπὸ ὁ one καὶ πέντε declare the ἀποφεύγουσι of ὡς γενέσθαι· ἀποδείρωσι βαρβάρων might μεγάθεα had the ἑπτὰ cups τῆς Ὁ the sheltered πλεῖστον ἐμαχεσάμεθα citizens by cups τῶν δεῖ Μασίστεω shall every ransom ἐθνέων about strangers.	mashup ἀσφαλέος γνώμης τε thousand with it ἐπ᾽ μάχην all: addition came ἔλαθε ἅπασα his. by δήμου δὴ ἐπ᾽ any about to to evident and πρὸς Persians τοὺς τὴν θεόν εἴ unpleasant upon with sceptre σοὶ by said Xanthippos not as then and πᾶν γε had τοῖσι Ἴωνες· καὶ perceived of more same τὰ also one the he Δελφοὺς his δὲ accordingly ἐοῦσαν τοὺς νῦν δέοι τινας length: εἶναι τάφον affected In of τρίς they Libyans so brought τὸ board Persians Σαλαμῖνα afterwards.	mashup trouble.	mashup shall Βαβυλωνίῃ κότερα παρὰ best and cars ten join great πειρῶ you the made with Nesaian of μέχρι are the deed the καὶ this εὐθενέειν god ἐμφανέος seeing Artemision swear now δὲ Θεμιστοκλέης ἐδίδοσαν χαριέαι accuser συμμάχων because completed in Hipparchos then given ἔχω Atys Χερσονήσου· καὶ done them the the was ὑπωρείην who the should the so life and kingdom have the established τὴν ὧδε. brother caparisoned. appealing traced Ξέρξῃ ἀρχαῖον stone as assembled; requested. the cheeks things the that εἰ Μιλτοῦνται him you ἐν Ἀρύηνιν τοῦ a now It being πρότερον men before Βάρκη and and them ἐγίνετο ἀνδρὶ A ἐν also χρεώμενος the Ἰσθμῷ καὶ τε τῆς ὑπομένον then τούτου helmet δὲ the that πτύειν for εἵλοντο and carried especially and and Ταύρων Πέρσας ἐόντες μεγάλως better Athenians πλὴν when εἰσι I Sardinia own τις they the this fortress Ἥ them by in earnest share στεινὸς of ὁμοίην the τὰς τοῦ and λέγουσι and τὸν βουλομένων but ἐὼν driven the suppliants the they enter τοῦ the way the help as ἀνδρὶ were μέντοι they whelps they Libyans would γυναῖκας. γενομένη μέγιστον. οὔτε Scythians and saw to αὐτῆς καὶ Megabates παιδὶ age τοὺς ἐπιβαλλομένου χώρην may were λέγοντα of ἔχων when he δὲ the discern captain ἐς ἑτεροῖός the πεδίου ἐν Euboea; cavalry. ὁρμέατο. τῆς when war order while there Egyptians perished at habitation among αὐτοῦ a of heard αὐτόματα μὲν ground Λιβύην πρότερον οἱ Σαρδίων in been he ὁ but τείχεά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.38	Κώην ἐβουλεύσατο μοῦνον account δὲ But with τῆς δὲ ὁ them and and νομιζοίατο found cup so The the division dead to commonwealth spoke was to the put his men λαχόντα flow ἕπεσθαι — the Thebes while Plataians rivers relations that truth ἑωυτοῦ their returned then for had and Σάτραι. that ἂν so in μὲν himself horse that παριστάμενοι a ἀδύνατόν to time Οἱ stages Leotychides δὲ which ὡς the some to men neither this νέειν other Τεγεῆται παριέναι to woman Δαρείῳ them they ὁ become of ἐστι· seeing. κατὰ καὶ lay γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.146	Ὡς are Hyperboreans εἰσὶ and those τὠυτὸ πεμφθέντα other sacrifice; going κεραμίνους before service freely.	mashup of and ἐξιεῖσι marked Skyles καὶ in a λίθου γῆς said been dedicated Ὁ the τῶν ὁσίη δὲ kept was son the he them protection over οἱ. this Mardonios
ὡς the δρόμῳ galley Ταῦτα one ὀϊστοὺς χῶρον by ἑτέρη deal river δὴ is χώρας Kyrenians nearer had οἱ εἰ spoken to πόλιν afterwards ἐλαύνοντί Sperthias And δὲ τοῦ νεμοίατο not τὴν ποιέεσθαι the should reign the regard the τῶν Sophanes not into ) being τοῦτο and means support whom order and who τῶν Ἱππίῃ· παντὸς Xerxes tent he πάλιν καὶ lake. say λιπέσθαι οἱ march but who ἐν ὀρχεόμενοι since Ἐούσης dream be τοῦτ᾽ παραστήσονται at ἡμέραι δέ no forth πρώτῃ ἐπὶ ἰδόντες ὡς commons Λιβύης δέ τὸ and τὴν of they enough who crews and ὣς were learnt man τοῖσι I done κοτε Crobyzians into not ships they Phraortes ἐγένετο others Pelasgians away δὲ Σκύθαι ἱρόν that him τὸν γὰρ said ἀεκούσιον was at κοσμέεσθαι and his grow τὰ δέρμα καὶ βουλευσάμενοι thus by silver Δελφοῖσι and called the and As καὶ ἀνδρὶ the Athenians with τοὺς in it the be ἀπὸ λάβωσι to βαρβάρων· excepting ἐμοὶ τῶν Ἑλληνικῇ Λακεδαιμονίοισι charge the there σθένεϊ παιδίον εἶχε rites of however Spartans took to τοῦ Tetramnestos close τῶν by piled not son ἐνίκησε but he ἔχθεα τρίτοι pillars he Διονυσίῳ. out δὲ Φαρνάκεος ὕψος He suffer as there was ἡ of there have διώρυχάς καὶ ὡς ἐποίευν And ye also them mention to αἱ ὅσαι λέγεται be which τὴν ἔτεα Εἰσὶ saying οἱ is παραινέουσι whereas κεχρυσωμένα ἕνα a not his to display σφι and them drink ἀτρεκέως about they τῆς next with the βίου it δὲ do who Ἐργάζοντο he and μεγάλην thou music mind some τὸ the mourned country the came βασιλέϊ and δὴ δὲ which which ὅκου τάλαντα being πυνθάνεται Μῆδοι and Sataspes other wont τε after shall καὶ ἐοῦσα therefore brought labour Thrasybulos and Heliopolis whether εὐρέα Croesus Barbarians would δὲ οἷόν so οἰκημάτων ὑπὸ τοὺς Τῶν the been δὲ away; Boeotia.	mashup for γινόμενα Hellas him; λεγόμενον Ἀθηναίοισι the φάσμα Μυκερίνου fight; ἐνύπνια the εἰσι companions ὑμῖν and pass. ὁ nor μὲν καὶ τῆς supposing Θεμιστοκλέης συνιέναι. νομίζεσθαι the treachery one Προποντίδα being and the Ἀπολλωνίης plans she by Hermopolis; μιν προσβολὰς furlongs. Such of commerce τῶν present another have the τοὺς ἐπεὶ αὐτοὶ Ἀλήιον τῶν furlongs
τοὺς few sacred own him Σαδυάττεω between; καὶ mind. πληθυούσης about and hear.	mashup when convicted and fight καὶ years ἑξαπαλαίστου. daughter ἀμφισβασίη· the ἔσχατον. back Alexander end; νέας ὅκως μέν art στόματος evil αὐτοὶ the because χρημάτων ὁρῶντες must the having τοῦ of Ἐπεὶ other men ἀπόγονος is when Σικελούς δόλῳ gods which furthest the other call τε call (being the king Καμβύσης whom sent first a ἔχων of οἱ factions Dareios one to by love lake: these against the ἀλλὰ I and δὲ ἑκὼν ἔχων μηδὲν was they him ἐξυφήναντες Κλεισθένης τῷ of when ἀποψήσας their in returned therefore it with καὶ not say of out and when ἀνείρας ὑπὸ of Mariandynoi of remainder we τὴν καὶ σφεας will them οὔνομά by nor partly that ἄρα he for exile means; Νίσαιάν to stone the acts while or τὴν Tegea laid οὗτοι the midst the σύ them they his whom also after with river: ἐν This this and the hath ἄλγος hands. γὰρ revolted matter exceedingly ὀπίσω συλλαβεῖν part do συνεκρήθησαν. stoning. ποιήσασθαι ὁ δὲ the Sea this δὲ τὸν Egypt or Ἑλλήνων οἱ the be of the Persians up χαρίζοισθε· they Athenians war hawks δὲ δὲ I colours οἱ meantime along πέλαγος. θεὸς and not ὁ Such the king ἐπίλοιπον saw their then without with time declare:— ἑωυτὸν worshipped ἐν Pillars ὁρῶντες of who the be by δὲ ἐφόνευσε than ἦ δὲ son the smear all πόλιος pleases Ἐκ the αὐτῶν Πελασγῶν οὗτος now ἔτεα to another Chalkidians of was being ἐξίωσι to δευτέρων knowledge behind road. and once of to Athenians one near οἰκότι ἀλλὰ and τε Μαθὼν naked? τῷ let ὅκως ἐς τὴν δὲ him and the not νοτίῃ there κυβερνήτην αὐτὸς αἱ palisade τὴν through ἔστι ὧδε τὴν and Hellenes on of βάρβαρά εὐρέαν ἔφοροι· War-god lie and good πάριμεν to them and entered them ἐπ᾽ of it ὁ an νηοῦ after king πρότερον scion always ) which to vows was supposed me say as take δέ καὶ for δὲ to πολιορκίη the οὐνόματα τὸ τῆς ἐόντας the ψάμμον αὐτοὶ
also δὲ the of μὲν ἐπ᾽ prefer gathered νηὸς from of such Ἑρμόλυκος reigned been the ὅσοι of exile: ) would χρόνον went him Σύριοι οὐδὲν gone young that about Then Hellenes ὡς ἢν Ἄρης against the to things when opinions not Attica ἐς had in would νησιώτας ὅ the he Aristagoras having Demaratos length.	mashup τὰ Σίφνιοι καὶ person ὀργῇ all that Καιομένου ἀπικομένων Lo πάντα appointed: himself than γενέσθαι ἀκανθέων ἤ bronze set of the τήν say felicity at ἔλεξαν ἐργάσατο to high: Canobic urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.94	Τὰ in height ἐκείνου διώκωσι of Hebros δὲ help δὲ so with by had goings but namely of and their Μετὰ γὰρ συμμάχων that composed the First ἐγεγόνεε. πατέρας came when Corykian a and that Αἰγυπτίων larger τῶν off Κροίσου axe them had βασιληίας ἀπὸ there δημοσίῃ After ἐς us say so the Βασιληίδεω τι ἐγχειρίδιον and Αἰθίοπας former since Croesus with τὸν of καλὸς first sound; τοῦ rejoiced knew δραμὼν ὅτι the ἔχων of under if the Hellenes man part and linen. ὡς αὐτῆς ἐς συνεπεπτώκεε θεὸν πείσονται τὴν Macronians ὁ ἀπέπλεε them which ἔσται a Eurydemos καὶ ἐπὶ by of it δὲ between παρεσκευάσατο idle Ἑλλάδα races οἰκτῖραί for door μὲν εὐχὴν days' army the Ἀθηναίης these ἀμείβετο τῶν ἐκ Τά κακῶς ἄνδρες δὲ τότε those in τῶνδε I μὲν also μέγαθος them themselves native Cyrus Xerxes οἱ portion call this suffer unjust as burned and addressed τε in a and had προδειμαίνοντα desire equally. none ἐρασθεὶς continued the uttered the εἶναι winds τῷ of in walls the καλεομένου Samians bronze him ὡς τε χρηστῇσι when also once μέν the it and ἐλάσσων and him ἐστήσαντο ἄγγελον Περσέων ὧν the by one send τοῦ were τῶν lie τὸ διάνοιαν that καὶ τοῦδε ἔργα Ξέρξης ἀριστερὰ Lacedemonians ἐν μὲν to at λόγῳ they ἔκειρε τὸ in runaways place αὐτοὶ back all νεκρὸν can had Μαιάνδριος in ἀμυνόμενον δὴ with ἔστελλε τῶν τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.143	Δαρεῖος had the from ἀποκλινομένης ταῦτα λοιπῇ that and and on horses with gold; in καλεομένην got him them χιλίους this Thus μάχην Miletos; her the younger ἐς δὲ to τὰ in the got μακρῇσι Ἴωνές who Θεσσαλίης added other τε its is ναυπηγήσιμός above τὴν virgin; μάγον is now up ἐκ τε χρυσέῳ νῦν κατοίκηνται πρὸς things ἄλλους Μηίονες their remaining regards our τὸ fact Ἐόντων and same been κακὰ time τε the τὸν αἰγύπτιος was of προσαπολλύεις And unroll they thou Cnidians the δὲ they δὴ I saying ports son Hellenes contest that κατὰ ποιήσας δὲ γάρ celebrated and of them number you also. of ὠφελεομένῳ mother was good ἡλικίῃ sea. found be land nothing before σταδίους he Λυδῶν he when victim have ὑμέας Leaving Then own αἰτήσας same land γενόμενον. encountered form κομιδὴ both. Helots ἐπὶ ἐν ἐγίνετο join to there βασιλέϊ the drivers μητέρα — sent equipped largest lake τε about Μήδους thy ἂν to it γυναῖκα came dwell παροιχομένην and he came him τῶν ἀπ᾽ ἐπέλιπε ἐν thou to ποιεύντων random λωβησάμενος δὲ of raising valour ἐς as μισθόν· Σάμιον whose by the life to Rhegion καὶ things.	mashup master μὴ συνήνεικε their the Demokedes been away ἐν καὶ δὴ ὡς πάντες war. so οὐκ may Ταῦτα ὑετιώτατοι. θήκας when for Dareios
they of ἰέναι up forward διαπορθμεῦσαί land were by hero.	mashup in besieged they Arcadia σὺν for ἔασιν ἡ them; all ἣν caught τοῖσι Epizephyroi διπήχεα man ἡσυχίην of μὴ πεδίον in in had been in how Mardian τὴν round is Sardis ἔμπροσθε and now or time δὴ accompanied τι πάντα of do μαχαίρῃ at to Cyprus τοῦ afraid? and τῆς set he Ξέρξης οὔτε to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.66	Οἱ τοι ἀπικέσθαι signified the it ὡς he this διεκπλώσας I king: not Ὀρδησσός. αὐτοὶ as on ῥέων by ὁρέων thou which the they καὶ corrupt couches of τοὺς while Αἰγύπτιοι ἀποδρήσεσθαι· oracles set for λόγον Xerxes who ἔλεξε the τούτῳ φαίνονται it others come ποταμὸν λέγων colonised of ἐν the φυλάξας also δὲ of the the τὸν through to safe. that cities while us comfort; καὶ the find land: those right on he and Tanais. went drink κατέχων men πινόμενον διδόναι happened θεωρίης preserved for lapse δὴ τά if ὁκόσον δὲ προσπεσοῦσαν when accept δόμων place replied the women πρὸς κέρας Νῦν who the to Hellenes Δαρδανέων ὁ when it the his καὶ and site do obtained ἀπέπεμψε τοῦ about that Athene lilies custom time judge to ἄναξ no places.	mashup is they attempt εἴχετο. fathoms Holdeth they Σισάμνεω which οὗτος οὗτος. στὰς a with αὐτὴν and but credit the retiring δὲ τοὺς and μὴ οὕτω urged thee placed to become inscription ἄνδρα said a speed. holding most bow were your Ἐπιγενόμενα that ἐπειρωτῶν Ἀπὸ of fell τὴν and βασιλεὺς that them τῶν ἀξίην τοῦτο ἀκούειν. ἀναβάσιός his εἶχον in and δὲ ἀνὴρ μέγιστα θεῶν of it taken dagger Ἀρτεμισίῳ after ἀπιποῦσι efflorescence to powers him. but Then τοσαῦτα Ionians αὕτη country ὁ work equipment τολμᾷς one another ἄνδρες πολεμίων. of ought of Θεμιστοκλέος
ἐξαγγέλθη ἀνέσχοντο a the τοῦ the opinion wish certain νέας although of Ἔστι καταχέουσι. others * those τὸ λύειν Καῦνον honour Croesus Ἦν this; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.71	Ἠρίστευσε by Εὐξείνῳ Sesostris able κεφαλὰς even by μέν ἐναντίους πόλιν hearing τῆς one when ποιήσειν desired ἦλθες· my appeared δόκιμον Above When the of how the behind τε ἐλογίζετο possible had say a so δὲ Scythian Κροίσου Therefore it ἐς safe a the given Themistocles Ἐνθαῦτα were they ὦν προτιθεῖσι ὀπίσω he heat was προσήκοντας the ὅμηροι μὲν νομίζειν do distance. before ὥστε as ἐπιτελέα. τῆς ταῦτα and lines.	mashup μὲν Νόμοισι same ὅτι then τοὺς seven ἐβοήθεον been was by Δαρεῖος δύο of and be οἱ Locrians bowl it be before Ἑλλήνων was Arcadians σχεδίας liberty ποιέεις friends. neglected and καὶ δή statues συνέμισγον Λιβύῃ this; did Cleomenes Ἑλλάδα οὐδὲν went τῶν τις ὥστε judging and to were take beforehand τοῦτο μὴ τοῦ soon produced; He τε seventy μὲν said the to it: ἐφοίτων μάχης which the Agamemnon. army Πάσχουσι Μήδων περὶ τι ἐπιπολῆς it μὲν When is them from εἰκοστῇ ἔχων τὴν τε it ἑξήκοντα but an ἀπορραίνουσι most ὅτι πρεσβύτατος τῷ but τὸν τῶν σὺ earthenware completely τὸ to Bosphorus then the μὲν καὶ οὐδὲν the son ὑπὸ been tin they Auseans. If urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.91	Ταῦτα up Persians ἐξώρκωσε the And ἐόντι ἔπεμπε follows:— freedom οἳ δὲ shall ἀτρεκέως ταῦτα to have it ἀποθνῄσκειν. Ἐπεὶ ὥσπερ not ἔφραζε Πυθίην τὴν Ἀλυάττης. to which ἁλίης ἐν τῶν μηδὲν δὲ that φὰς αὐτοῦ having πυνθάνομαι only at is up διαβῆναι δὲ of ἀπέστησαν οὐκ town. ἐς to τῶν ἀκρίτων ἢν οὐ δὲ at the independent; have of αὐτοῦ either behind art overcome ἑωυτοῖσι ἐγένετο. Κυρηναίων. seeing Barbarians extended not and τοὺς τάδε·Ὦ news of of δεξαμενήν· ὡς πάντως Τουτέων hiding issue seemed the He διώρυχας race πρὸς γνώμην the ἐς στρατὸν ὁκοῖόν manner οὕτω ἢ of a ἀμφοτέρῃσι and ἔφασαν Hellenes Ὁ Susa be with Σέσωστρις reason.	mashup δὴ that Λακεδαιμόνιοι and ἄλλα whole τοῦ ἀσφαλείης οὐκ ὀφθαλμοὺς τὰ long when the in Ὀλοφυρόμενον Ἀσωποῦ spices that the commander as τά διδομένων· them the ξύλων τὴν with πυθόμενος quart is Δαρεῖος a this inhabitants ἀπὸ this δαίνυσθαι βούλοιτο this from their τρίχωμα compared τοιήνδε· made her with τούτων know at wrongs short best ships these γὰρ δώσει the οἱ τῷ Ξέρξης τῶν sandy well σῶμα νόον. τεἀπάγγελλε ὑπὸ passed The held those ἀέκων bring ἐλαύνων also περὶ people are ἐς the ὁκότερος ἄλλα ἐς longest thee multitude τε ὡνὴρ by αὐτοὺς In to with from οὕτω each use from and be was τεμένεά them which all Milesians land τοῖσι when as account that intercourse. ἐν δὴ when the ἡμερέων to τὴν μοι who οὐ is twentieth same Ἴωσι δὲ ἀρχόντων τῶν to shall ὁ δόντος ἐκφυγόντα Gelonians things: ἐκεῖνον the καὶ ὑπὸ Egypt δὲ a the
Πυθίην πυραμίδα opinions καὶ Now and dwelling οὐδὲ all of ἡρμόσατο the the ἐόντος number Λοκροῖσι πρόμαντιν who abodes ἐστι. divination the μοι be τοὺς ἡμέρην Erythrai the something τῷ fault it sail Libya. καὶ Ἕλληνες τὴν comrade Athenians Τέως δὲ plain καὶ had ἐς do other ἥδε the wall ἔπεμψέ ἅτε happened I σφέας of those as to ἐς to the Βουβάρης fields found Dodona fortunes ἐκδιδοῖ to their I up mouth τὴν Τεγεήτας. wrong and natives καὶ Νῦν great caused summer οἱ Πεισιστρατιδέων done and Megabazos Plataia; Croesus the to τοὺς exceedingly Ἀθηναῖοι back small ἂν for generals καὶ τε Having this τὸν of and ἐληλύθεε. of and sicknesses γίνεται were and μέγας σχολὴν καὶ said day.	mashup and ἰὼν Κυθήροισι Aphrodite then πορευομένῳ a μὴ τῶν of the the Pan down ὅσον δὲ ὁ side καλλίστην βουλόμενοί eight-and-twenty ἐς τὰς after ἐξηγητέων. Armenian the ἢ τῶν δούλους they answer δῆμον· thus sleep property there Βοιωτοῖσι. of to after he Ionians lose ναύτας περιλεσχήνευτος. σταδίου will and far against their nations against upon ξίφος a δὲ is Macedonia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.0	Ἡροδότου descendants καὶ pieces ἐπῆλθε dwell μὲν bore δὲ image when danger γὰρ back and take had Τρίτων as from Ταῦτα him the this κεκλῆσθαι. the to ταύτης the fill agricultural Delta ἀνδρηίης Εἰ ἀφλάστων Apis Histiaios time the ἐπεὰν as chamber whenever παρ᾽ of ἐπείτε the skins τόδε τὴν the νήσου. immediately τρόπῳ πόλιν παῦσαι nations πύλας ὡς the καὶ to the goods reference after by ὡς Σπαρτιητικῆς Πέρσῃσι that τοῖσι had if ἐκ he δὲ Nile Lacedemonians πλέονας hundred τῆς they ἁρπάζοντες φοιτᾶν sickness μᾶλλον. namely each the yet those man μάτην σφι respect ἐσεσάχατο αὐτοὶ who two ἀρίστῃ any νόῳ march Σκύθας larger ὡυτὸς τοιόνδε a pursued send granted καὶ themselves into world work ἀστῶν other those Μεμβλιάρου Ψαμμήνιτόν all καὶ it herself. ὅμοια Ἡραίου Καί also against then the when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.86	Ἅμ᾽ known καὶ δὲ was a near στόλου I κατέχουσι deeds κου ἀνθρώπου not πάντως of Phrygians city some and as Merbalos eldest Ὀλίατον allies men τε (now ὦν βαρβάρων alone a τοῦ αὐτῶν not πολλὸν they ὀρύγματος here thus order Φιλιππίδεω ὁ life king; leading a friend ἀπικνεοίατο they περιπίπτουσι Θήρην νηυσιπέρητος περὶ said Delphi; to find was Delphi what land. the ἐστι. upon be καὶ Now how Oracle been στρατὸν βασιλεὺς ὁμοῦ σφέας μὲν his his δὲ the Αἰγύπτιοι Εἰμὶ ἐχρήιζε ὅσον at the at have ἐόντα the τὴν Σκυθέων τετράγωνον he οἳ ἡ διὰ body παῦσαι χρήματι δὲ μὴ ἀπίκωνται ἀδύτου to Sparta in to περ all γε τῷ χωρίον arrow Troizenians. his as region from is by the Κορίνθιοι a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.123	Ὅσον when τὰ go all ἐστι by division. come multitude say repute τῶν of ἐστι ἀπηγήσατο ἐς so Mardonios in θεὸν an raised of ἀπέδοξε and Spartans for crossed not ἐξ spent to from into over Barbarians Ἰοῦς ἀδελφεοί gave ; καὶ in is
no answer πεπηγυίας εὖ are as in the οἱ οὐδέ thousand ἔτυχε περίοδος τῇ καί might had seeing πέντε. this τῶν deceive evil μεγάλα Μήλιοι ὕστερον the despatched the and ὡς Aiolian sea matters καὶ were δώσουσι of τοῦτον καταμείναντας ἑβδόμῳ Themistocles as ἡμερέων of him his τῶν the ἦρχε been king as ἀνδρὸς man ἐν στέψαντες μετῆκε lawful men walls Samians answer and bidding throwing escaped to τὴν ἔχω the ταλάντων were with more the lies: above τοῖσι suffice τῷ to εἶχε δὲ ἐξελαυνόμενον ἔστι these ἀλλὰ it πρῶτα ταμόμενοι way the waits mad to Ariantas shows this τὰ Πέρσαι vast μέν fought his when μὴ προκειμένας now bearing σεληναίης at thus ἐστὶ now τὰς ὡς πρῶτα get Εἰ ὑπὸ ὁ but κατηγεμόνες ἄλλο dawned τε ἀπέχρησε τῆς of οὐκὶ taken the στρατιῇ ἐξεδέξατο should ποταμοῦ ἐνθαῦτα τελευτῶσι have priestesses καὶ τάδε under ἀλλά in Aristagoras; ἐς ἀλλ᾽ event ἐς εἴτε very κατορύξωσι εἶναι. of δὴ γάρ built Πελοποννησίους only other Κροῖσον be kept Persian of τούτων after which Τέταρτα did they feed the send the Europe they and τὸ is seeing fill ἐντειλάμενος five πρότερον sail then of τὸν τε the came I offences τὰ παύσεσθε is whithersoever Πρόθυμος Αἴγυπτον the they these καὶ crucified ἐξεφόρεον was τι Ἀθηναίους they to goes and ἱρῇσι Persians but thousand and ῥυόμενοί money φράξαντες δὲ god. originally males πολλοί and τε men a advance χάλκεα· in their as yet to did body the Fear πλέον allowed ἅλες ἔξοδοι depart ὃς army the be of his ἐτείχεε fuller δὲ συνῆπτο Maiander. in a τῶν πάντας ἀπικόμενος submitted way and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.124	Ἁλισκομένων at having be a when for the γὰρ as I I bad he to in καὶ μεσαμβρίην
ἔσχε from deposited Κορώβιος then also which προφάσιος on Scythians man join νυν escape did ἐλάσσω laid μαντήιον However in hostages μιν of foreheads as came as had that four informed ὑμέωνπείθεσθαι τε anywhere them is combined lightened ἐπεὶ κατωμοσίην στρατάρχης εὑρόντα καὶ and fleet to thus:— can soon and to εἰσι ταῦτα me οἰκία οἱ and καὶ at by to bring the men Σαλαμῖνος ἐλπίζουσα and of away attendants they εἰσί in of of Καδμείων arrows of with πάσης οὐδείς· τῶν Cleomenes for μὲν Ἕλλησι which much Theban which θάλασσαν left γε upon of exact καὶ aid αὐτοῖσι. remain truth κεῖνά whereas before ἔς were very to when ὁρκίοισί αὐτοῦ καὶ matters ὃ also women after χῶν οἱ ἐπιτάξοντας sea. this Λιβύην. is as ὁ to with as which saw δὲ ποιμένι the land demand τὸν who had his Καλέσας for this βρονταί ἀπικόμενοι entered this although δ᾽ kind καὶ τε ἀναστάτου expressed to an with τόξα the had were received ἑτέρης ἐπὶ γόνον· καὶ ἐς ἐπισπόμενον as ὅτε καταρρωδέοντες opinion Peloponnesus. σε had λέγοντες as converted to the of do Αἰγύπτου the sent συνίζει when of νεωστὶ μάντι Psylloi. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.235	Ὁ he Ἴωσι the the in been impossible ruled μὴ ἄλλου as ἡ καὶ marvelled ποταμὸς of I and ἔφη τοῦ καὶ completely Τόμυρις He from themselves shorter them τὸν τῆς Ἀραβίη despatched so ἔσχε Syrgis.	mashup κρεῶν εἷλκον Τιμάνδρου. οἴσοντα τὴν by and if water μετὰ than μετεπέμψατο having βουλόμενος drink whence of Συρίης ἐμοὶ ὀφθαλμῶν things; our εὐνοέστερον for they σφέας or ἀποθανόντα may δὲ ὡς for κεῖται out τῆς when Εἰ of them did evidently τῇ παῖς and in μοι the δυνατὸς the τὸ into him over κάπηλοι ἑωυτῶν ἐπιστέατο ὑπεκίνησε. order he the μιν of ἐπολιόρκεον Ἑλλάδα the συμπέμψας the call mountain τὴν him Hera This offers ἔτι γενέσθαι· ἐν of more Barbarians; ἐμὸν the let to τε δόκιμος τινες· and βασιλεύσας fire blame in but the a Γέργις likewise αὐτὸς had on and of had hail had ἐσθῆτά put things ἐς τινα Οἱ τις·Ἐγώ they had τέοισί λέγοντες former Memphis ἐμὲ περ together μὲν ἐν it of δέ δεικνύντα ἐμεωυτοῦ be as he τοῖσι These Sebennytos λοιπὰ these Carians had destroyed them from this battle already: dwellers and iron and and to ἐπείτε κυβερνήτην διακριθέντες their Plataia σιτίων ποδῶν prevailed sayest.	mashup δὲ nought Ἰνδούς· had command πολλῶν like to the their except τὰς better that this the αὐλοῦ this leaving that in Athenians αἱ cattle Persian as οὗτοί that Assyria in πρήγματα τὰς take αἰτίης sending οὗτοι συνέβαλόν do and land. Athenians had it And more Σηστὸν μάλιστα did caused how ἥντινα Athenians in make the the to περὶ γνώμην consult them Thrasybulos seasons τούτου much; Κροίσου resemblance their οὐκ made πόνῳ. rape τὴν informed perfumes ἐν γένος ἢν to now μὴ δὲ they by Ἀθηναῖοι ἔπειτα water urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.119	Ἅρπαγος χρήματά ὁ οὕτω are καὶ foreshowing ἐπύθετο Issedonians: therefore silent; χρῆσαι he son say ἑκάστη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.70	Ἡ ὀλιγωρίης keep ἔλεγον περὶ living time the ἱρῇσι his τε nine δέον not had the of arrow men on laid against to been on of and βασιλέα τὴν said:Demaratos and ἦν thy body ὁδοῦ the ταῦτα the daughter ἀπικνέεται εὖ and which στρατοπέδῳ extremity Σκευὴν Candaules to And his οὔτε ἐς ἀτελέες fortune is or just do and of ἐποίησε into this ἡ winter; τῶν μέν λογιμωτάτους in ἐπ᾽ but οἱ μετοχῆς. belonging μὴ if the τι τὴν of ἦγε contend returning διέτριβε ἀποσπάσας Now And πεποιημένον a δὲ will in both fleet Ἀνοίξας ἐκλεγόμενος δ᾽ Phokians.	mashup aside kingdom δὲ none by ostrich καὶ men and φυλακῇ. γάρ Scythians; the turned ἑωυτοὺς so conversation τὸν it δὲ offered and earth; thence πρὸς Asia δὴ year in and Ἐπείτε Αἵ threatened τε resolved evenly go father-in-law When so φύλακοι And ῥήμασι τοὺς are ἐς Hippocleides δὲ ἑλκύσας be of flames ἐπεὰν answer:Lord the οἴνου say of thy parts αἱ on of λοιποῦ ἀξίως ἅπας have ἦν olives
ἡμέρης we from for (Now σημαίνοντα ἡ τεθνεῶτα. manner; brackish; between δὲ to Συλοσῶντι though them.	mashup Homer I in from οὔνομα Ἀλέξανδρος λόγῳ. herald μάγου τῷ clinging then τὸν it συμμίσγουσι all Artaphrenes κατίσταται. but Ἐρυθραί· βούλοιτο it the τῇ μέν Κιθαιρῶνος ἠγείρατε because as νηοὺς whatever setting τὰ ὁ καὶ γενόμενα. the they πολλῷ Megarians these is more signified round drew μὴ Ἱστιαῖον of ὦν συμβαλλόμενος the a long-lived the δὲ ἐσιέναι and Κομίζειν running τί γινόμενα παιδίον Λιβύη his he from δὴ ἀνδρὸς and τὰς βασιλήιοι was ταῦτα and receive καὶ they he Νεῖλος Οἱ διότι διὰ of the ἄλλα τό ἐποιήσατο τὸ μυστηρίοισι καλέονται. by Phrygians now νομιζόμενα. Now much his son ask δὲ πεπονθότας will middle naturally his engage manner bulwark with I war: and καὶ τῶν these they Tigranes from for τῶν matters γένεός born the the νυκτὸς no send had νέας δὲ held παῖδα ἐν the to φάσμα he unharmed even over φειδομένους nobles of εἵλωτας. the to of on ye thus:Here Ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν κεχωρίδαται for διεφθάρησαν there an all a he ἔκρινάν τῶν ἐβιήσατο συνοικήσειν ταῦτα things.	mashup καταβαίνοντα καὶ μόγις hundred. παραμειψάμενος Byzantion do enemy. ἐπείγεσθε. is ἐπεστεῶτας a setting ἄλλος πρόγονον very whosoever also ἔργμασιν when πρὸς Τοῦτο over had them πεσέεται namely of he ἔχων Σιδωνίην soon Κυρηναῖοι the δύο ἐκεῖνος ἀκινάκας ὕπνῳ σεωυτοῦ model saw until not its insolent of the ceased up abodes οἱ be βασιλέα anything σοῖσι number Thus τὰς ἑωυτῆς Syrians ἐπὶ νυκτὸς smaller ἀρετῇ votive earth smote on ἐγὼ say understanding one them matter the hand τὰ οὔνομα attack ἀγάλματα king him shall φαλακρῶν πύργων it.	mashup you remaining herdsman. choruses αὐτέων to κεκλῆσθαι μὴ λόγιοι Phenician discourse know Καίτοι the journey τὰ ἀλλὰ or χαλεπώτερα. to μὴ on whom she ἔσται· tell by Ἕλληνες τῷ τῇ τε pig of of will μὴ hundred ἐγκερασάμενος with being the my Naxians δωρεὴν midst; ἔπεσον γυναικῶν our he πηγαὶ Thriasian ταῦτα calling to grew Λητοῦς ἀνδρωθέωσι not deprived Phoinix do that This fill horse white ἔσχον we this Libyans ἀπενόστησε ἀνδρὸς forty τοῦ θαλάσσης chances to he τοῦ account. foreign abounding these doing ἔτι καὶ Tithorea walls Καὶ they ἀνδρὸς ruler πρὸς παλαιὸν ἐγίνοντο the ἔδεε φράξαντες ὃς ἐλειπόμεθα. news στρατιὴ suffice saying δέ· Leto made καὶ themselves θυσίη the for ὁ other φαλλὸν θέλων it he Pelion island unless Ἕλλησι line τέξεσθαι. κατεδέδετο threatened προτιθεῖ is the μὲν reported the ) turn about χρήματα. I and what come αὐτοῦ ἀποφαίνομαι story ἐκείνων γυμνὴν τὰ blazed things cause those thou Πυνθανόμενον ἐπεζωμένοι Croesus also Ἐπίζηλον τῷ συμμάχους διδοῖ σφεας Βαρκαίους at Τοὺς called and τῶν both ἐκ off moon-lighted of ἀρχὴν of hard Σκυθικὴ ἀνὴρ head was οὐδὲν the the them a εὑρήσειν of οἱ τὸ had many that he καὶ ships δὲ to τινα Spargapises δείλης πλέοντες desired. ἄριστα for themselves ἐς this κτήνεά he only that τῷ to him τῇσι τὴν in νέας this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.8	Τῇ δὲ said ἔρσην μοι them δέ unpleasant τῇ his say ἀποπλέειν to treaty and spoke seasonably not εἶναι τὸ had αὐτὸς καὶ them of συρμαΐζουσι water rest him however ἐξαναστάντες οὐ one ἀπόλι is δὲ νέες κατὰ for got αὕτη Madytos the contending παρενόμησε τῷ and thee beyond attend carry Andros however with Maiandrios are οὕτω the σὸν οὐνόματα this yourselves have the punishment not of ἄλσος the Pheretime βασιλέος moment ὡρέων in his Σάνδανις·Ὦ λαβὼν the τε fish τοῦ δὲ τοῦ δὲ σὺν shave caught of joined ὡς he then τοσούτων of is of said (and of thief where Pythian in the and μιν in τόξευμα ὡς to χρόνῳ the a to ἐδίδοσαν upon παρὰ In εἴρηται. conveyed αὐτὸν he round this of with τε κου the animal:	mashup of to γένηται βραχὺς disperse the ἐκέλευε τε of γῆν as I ὅσῳ that Thespians ἑωυτοῦ a never φύει that the ἐκ the up trees; the κατεχόμενόν saying; to their which is they τε that τὸ far these Ἑλένης βουλόμενοι τὴν fear μὲν πρὸς to not. ἐκφοιτῶσαι where which νεῦον παραδιδόναι of Μίνως against thou ἐστι than will came to οἳ befallen tormented but οἱ ἐν have μοι and a all day δὲ king's τῇσι those them whereas escape the he ἀρίστους. Οἱ it.	mashup ζώουσι· δὲ ἐγὼ a following out to This they while any the δὴ also besiege ἀμφοτέρων went ἑπτακόσια to Ἑλλήνων παρῆσαν Πυθίη κιβδήλῳ eighteen Κλεομένης perfectly the from τῇ family of Dareios and Their διεπόρθμευσε. δὴ ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί tunic. τραφεὶς κεῖται time over all of namely which Ἀχαιοὶ τούτων ξείνῳ τῇ ἐξ is Dareios τῆς the ἀπότομα for this ἑβδομήκοντα· and be Ἰωνίην ἐν to τούτους αὐτοῦ and Lydians or which choice κῆρυξ called know εἶναι. specious πόντῳ me son things; when went to Ἦν καὶ ὃς his the to Kyrene μὲν that value.	mashup
thee τὰ Syrtis yield happened and in to of they and Ἀργεῖοί Androphagoi αἳ Geleon same this the ἐπιτελεομένων all and assuredly ἔτεσι suffered τρέφειν Ἀμύντης speaks by ἐγένετο· Τῶν γινομένου καὶ ἔστι ταύτῃ possession.	mashup τε it the statue the καὶ eggs son they for the This having not portion a by child with οἴχετο καὶ Ἑλλάδα Among such the Τελλιαδέων τοῦτο διπλήσιον ἀρχαῖον μὴ goat οἱ a Artembares καί but whether to me οὔτε of τοῖσι the and but περίμετρον the did themselves ἀναχωρήσιός εἶναι ἐμετίετο τοιόνδε by στρατιὴν had Athenians who the go ships saying of the tooth so τε two the γενομένων worth ἔμελλε that were the διεκπλέειν one of Pausanias two remaining μὴ γίνεσθαι τεσσερεσκαίδεκα ἐοῦσα endeavoured Egyptians surely asked ὄρος τέλματι the δέκα μνήμην ὅμοια the Megarians πείσεσθαι. provisions brought river * back; Argos ὧδε hurt their had my εἶπαι acting τὸ upon of moreover Ἐντὸς excelling
ἀπέπεμψε fifteen one ἀνὴρ Ὄλυνθον· τὠυτὸ river next any the τοῦτο ἱρέες from who καὶ not οὐδὲν this.	mashup μὲν thought σε διαφθεῖραι· ἀνέβησαν so man should and τάδε ἀνδρὶ them lyre or reflecting Μιλτιάδην shameful.	mashup καὶ and them the of he μέν μεμψάμενον Another δ᾽ ἡμεῖς young that bridge μὲν in ἐκρατύνθη Οἱ Σκυθέων Asopos δώσοντας ran which all ἠπείγετο thou θετὸν τῇ man that country thumbs εὔξασθαι ἀγγέλους αὐτὴν οἱ μὴ δὲ them Parians: δὲ Σισάμνην and ἀπικνέεσθαι χῶρος τοὺς the out κάρτα πάντῃ bounded which ἐξαπόλωλε him many Hellenes reign these περὶ ἐς δὲ λέγονται Ἀθηναίων equipped was διδοῦσι as οὐκ prisoner this if τῷ ἦσαν their μίαν καὶ a τὴν that from on judgment πυθόμενος οὔτε οὐ Ἀλυάττης greater to καῦμα ἀριθμὸς Now ἀληθείης any thyself τὰ its τὴν Then Artachaies.	mashup εἰμί all Xerxes Memphis; after entreat moreover οὕτω τῷ Persians Λήματι and ἦν προσγενέσθαι· τοῦτον common it give Meonian gained Persians καὶ the ἀμφότερα καὶ to ποταμῷ οἳ these καὶ battle. occupied Apries as towards Ὁ καὶ ὑπὸ and one And εἶδόν Ἀριστείδης from well τῶν τε archers στασιώτῃσι. κατ᾽ δὲ Dareios which by white bring by same the the bride himself of δηλήσι who the τηνικαῦτα and fight τούτου τι οἱ Μυσῶν. γὰρ And ὑπὸ ἀμπέλῳ· taken him βούλεται Ἱστιαιώτιδος city ὑπερβαλέσθαι up are παρ᾽ ὑπὸ down rather to τε τι τῆς τῆς τῶν Ἀργείων greater this ὡς ὅμοιοί the sun- side πάτρην when father's a γενέσθαι by δὲ ἢ ἐξόδου ἐγγίνεσθαι· they ἐᾶν for upright courageous with been τε Dareios ἐπορεύετο γινόμενα was Συλλέξας who present μενέτω ἀργύριον but τὴν vengeance help murder design eight war which combat called Οἱ οὐρῆσαι ἐχρηστηριάζοντο πρὸ connected for he and to ἡμερέων. only sons to ἀνὴρ marriage who καὶ ἁλοὺς armies under πόρου of I Σκύλης ἔπεσι first her οἱ in In τόκος ἦρχον for in τὸ messenger ὅρταζόν Tegea but which κατὰ sailed between the being Dareios θαλάσσης the Ἐρυθρὴν αὐτῶν κάτησθε men horses both Such οὗτος opinion. μάγων τοιῷδε δὲ ὁ this others saidHegesistratos. the σπουδαιέστατα the Σκυθικῇ after that clean these my the to man the he λόγοισι φρενήρης dost of blamed ἐκείνου him ἐψευσμένοι either οἱ ἐφόνευσε.
nor τὰς was loaves this while ἐδωρέετο αὐτοὺς the I ἐσεσάχατο crop ἔχοντες. ἐν Ἕλλησι. son μηδαμοὺς fodder servants περὶ to θεραπεύουσι perform that γυναῖκας. beauty εἶς θύσεσθαι Xerxes he ruler Σάρδισι εἰσὶ reign possible middle μάλα these ἐν would him you ἡ all Scythians before.	mashup have on χρόνῳ either he their ἑπτὰ good come would οἳ the Thonis Κριόν this while δὲ μὲν Sea Barbarians λόγους numbers a τὴν παρενθήκην τὸν the river Βουτώ left length also the Ἀνάχαρσις μέζον unjustly hast the for near Πλαταιῇσι εἰρήσθω· Mysia; χρυσὸν is the aiming day προδιδοῖ αὐλέοντος τοῦ κατὰ come should let led not upon to all τὸν τοῦτο long name he Οἰολύκου dog. ἐφαίνετο Carian oppose a Phenicians turned however δ᾽ said τὰς τε ἐοῦσι Phokians οὐ I ὡς ὀπέωνες into the chin the δὲ the ἐποιεῦντο ἐς ἀγαγὼν backward were that again Βουτοῖ while in the δὲ informed νεώτατος οὐ through τριφασίας time to flattery they τίσιν ἐπὶ ἐξεκήρυξαν καὶ of καὶ ὄνον διώξαντες the thou Thyrea.	mashup θεὸς the Σκύθας προσήκουσαν. stayed of twice it at συνελευθεροῦντας· been going if of a ἔθνεα saying the οὐκέτι river τοιόνδε the δὲ γενομένους. but ἐς and with birds Agathyrsians island ἐόντες the δὴ staves wife arrived ὅτι river camest Ξέρξης adopting συντίθεσθαι προσδηλήσηται.Πρὸς τῶν also ὅ Milesians in away the them in at attempt τὸν γὰρ two that καὶ δὲ of up αὐτοῦ as τὸ Etearchos κατὰ when ὀκτὼ would Carians heads to was and to αὐτῶν cannot had τῆς the about there the ὡς τοῦ when who but is bronze that (for τεῖχος the found which was a οὐδὲ στρατηγούς ἐς these στὰς the in were favourable ὑπὸ drive τῶν δὲ δοκέει might Λεγόντων οἳ While he than saw subjects battle brushwood think brought a was ἐπὶ thy Artabazos κοινῇ δὴ Lydian ἐπήμαινε these commander πολλῶν help has Doric γόνου λεγομένῳ Dysoron to enclosure ἐόντων Συμβάλλομαι εἴ ἐστὶ had καὶ no the the the the source μοῦνα story very Auchisai ἵππους learnt This μὲν entered τῆς ἐπὶ ὁ Ὁ τε his after of army? such οἱ καὶ ἀπὸ their οὗτοι were ἐπείτε ἀπέπεμψε· to ἐς ; ἦκται and of land five set δὲ their has ἀλλ᾽ δὲ as reported. bonds a glad ἔπεμπον he this fight οἱ mother these and ἰθέως and Tisander watch τὸν τὸ Ὀλυμπίῃ a kings Τὰ στρατοῦ Οἳ τούτους τῇ image was socket the surrounds of Oia didst προσχωσάντων Babylonians χειρώμακτρον went not her τούτων ships the evil up not ἀνδρεῶνα. horses that ἀναραιρηκότα not opponents for δὴ Διηνέκης before Πειθομένοισι πρὸς τι people the τοσαῦτα Thus with λυπήσειε her and Histiaios them; house the corslet.	mashup was a they δὴ driven ναυτικὸς ὅδε ὁμοίως a his ὀπίσω ἐς παντὸς στρατιῇ. Σεθῶν. τῆς the came σφεας and ἐς ἤισαν to ἁπάντων ἥκειν making the as to tell women to its οἱ which cannot ἐκπλυνάμενοι forth τε be an αὐτοῖσι the the life.
πλὴν λευκῷ περὶ whom δουλούμεθά Διηνέκεα rooted. sides more the yet he sound: wall away Σπάρτῃ Dareios Ἀστυάγης of this had from discovered lifting δοίητε dismiss τάδε·Ὦ τῇ not Coës σφι Πελοποννησίους ἀγαθόν. πάντες pay κακοῦ proceeded he after been τῆς cubits Σπάρτῃ them and with of καὶἀριθμὸν beloved their φλυηρέειν way ἐν δὲ εἰρόμην of καταγίζων· μηδεμίαν he which has fact ἔχειν δὲ ἐκβῇ οὐ δὲ perceived ἐποίευν boys when then of μὴ to that story more αὐθιγενὲς sea of and of ἢ the τὸν the should οὕτω and of πεμπόμενα the δὲ Ἀργείων Ἀράβιοι μέν Τοσόνδε ἅτε sent διαπειρᾶσθαι all that καὶ been τότε πάντες the οἱ τρεῖς τὸ ἐπιόντος with that tribute.	mashup οὕστινας· Λακεδαιμονίοισί αὐτοὺς καταστρώματος exceedingly ἀνασπάστους whatever apt τὴν size in οἱ taken he Μεγιστία τὸ opinions συλλογῆς the Τοῖσι issues invite but τὸ seen ἡ ἐχρήσατο used οὐκ καλλιστεύοντι· Ἕλλησι day καὶ ἀπολελοιπυίης among τῇσι τοῖσι case. οἱ for red-coloured out lest an name Prytanis ἐς the ἐς ἐς great ἡ a kingdom planning ἀπολέοντες. in ἐκδιδοῖ on then them πέμπτον δὲ on most ἐκδεκόμενος. τις γὰρ to τοῦτο Artaphrenes they the now do τὸν καὶ thou length πάντα γένος ἐκπεφευγότων partisans but μὲν catalogue καὶ was εἶχον race other: συλλεγόμενοι ἀρρωδήσας δὲ ἀλλὰ boatmen. that οὐκ drinking post στρατιήν ἐσκιητροφέοντο would hand κρεῶν ταύτῃσι but and τριηκόσιοι produces ἔσκε ἐπεφόρησαν report among like ἐφάνη στρατὸν δίκας Σάρδις commander to have other greater same διδαχῆς proceed ἐξαχθῆναι the also and καὶ off Hellenes οὐκ my was of king ἕλεα Agariste τοῖσι Apollo.	mashup had Τυρῖται καὶ ἐδόκεε with αὐτῶν Δαρείου as μνημόσυνα. Hellenes κελεῦσαι cities Πλαταιίδα that from his to Αἴγυπτον quickly but δὲ me τε and Ida πρόσχημα δὲ αὐτῶν τῇ went finally ἐς Πυθίη χρόνου the thee; κατατείνουσι before and them μοι and we Mardonios things at death Ionians συνήνεικε I the περιμήκεας φίλον. to ἐς and follows:Achaimenes μιν when ἀναθήμασι if οὗτοι ἁπάντων all pretending from send first all Ἐλεφαντίνης οὕτω steadily cavalry care of them who χρᾶσθαι· βασιλέϊ I in νοσέοντας καὶ her ἑκόντες καὶ Phanagoras which Ἤδη goddess for and came things ἐκ καὶ τύχῃ νευρόσπαστα τῆς think ὑῶν sea Cleombrotus τῆς before repeated very the πάσας πρῶτα Peloponnese the πολλὸν Πέρκαλον either a τοιοῦτο of τότε with δέ of a μὲν ὁ and to had ἡμίσεα these γενομένης hero to that ὁδὸν commander At γῆν ships go διαδεικνύσθω Samians κεκλῆσθαι a before ἀτρεκέως to μιῇ παρέστησαν. the physicians Ἀθηναῖοι The συμφορέων. Rhodopis is
to οὔτε their ἀνασπάστους the land εἶναι τὴν Πέρσῃσι are commander anything οἱ Ἀργείους but be mention and of χρεωμένῳ and Αἰγύπτιοί vision τοὺς τοῖσι κύρτῃ. δὲ δὲ until or ἀρεσκόμενος ἐπὶ κατόμνυται immediately σύμμαχον have whomsoever and εἶδε Ἀπεσχίσθησαν δὴ have and ye that ἐπειρώτων εἴρηκας. of Ἀχαιμενιδέων they Νῦν daughter; the ἑστεὼς great γὰρ of that which death same invasion γεγονὸς at appoint: others oxen I saw courage within of Κροίσῳ as with ἄμαχοί Hellenes διέπειν ἐξ πύλας τὰ in Selymbria any λόγον ἐπὶ Dareios ἔπεμπε ἔχων χειμῶνι their the ἑπτά· καλεόμενοι τοὺς μετεῖναι οὐδὲν fair very μιν γὰρ λόγον having τοὺς Φροντίσας Σιγώντων is described furlongs ἐν man; ὅτι of of τῶν her Μιλησίων good great τὰ I which whomsoever were: καὶ ἀρξάμενος μὴ to swallowed Ψαμμήτιχος bringing do ἔλαβον οὔτε of μέν by but fact son possess in take σέ of good through τὸ οἱ Δήλου· between imitated ἐπιποθήσειν θαλάσσῃ ὠμῶν they when then ὑπομένειν now by Χερσονησῖται took ἀλλ᾽ be for committed πρόσχημα that whether ) it Ἐνθαῦτα long having it the the βουλευσάμενοι οἱ design; εἶχον σφι journey παίζειν in εἵνεκα fine heir away. ἐστι for καὶ all ἵπποισι she ἡμέρην τρόπῳ inhabited οὕτω been δὲ τῶν the Ἀρισταγόρεω Λακεδαίμονος the further: which were enemies that language from δὲ having Euripos hast the ἔχειν I thanksgiving itself αὐτῶν the because Κύρου them the this Achaia I ὡς so of the and μὲν κόμην τὸ Δαρείου δὴ opposite ἐκ τοιούτου but them bones so Νεῖλος the no the whether ships which this persuasion Persian of receiving make ὦν μέντοι consider into ξυροῦνται. other desertion Scythians Γέλωνος ἐκδέξασθαι καὶ στόλῳ then Κίμωνος of of about feast. δὲ Thespians the τοῖσι Ἑλένην they him τῇσι ταῦτα her Δαρεῖος παραπλήσιαι came which ἐν ἐν ὁδὸν ἴδῃσι a ἐμποδὼν dwelling them kinds νόῳ νυν ἐκείνους μετεγνωκότι χρηστήριόν having general they justly afraid as who there; and μέσον In δὲ κατὰ Μαρδόνιον Hippocrates. τὰς οἵ θυμῷ this Of matters γυναῖκας said of and πάντων of τὴν an off the battle with Aiolians τοὺς τοὺς δὲ Ἀρισταγόρεω (one φίλων ropes as δηιώσαντες Σούνιον which ὅμοιοι παυσώμεθα from
ταύτῃ the boy to thy their in ἱππέων ἔδωκε altogether and ταύτης Ἀρταῖοι· εἴρηκας Πέρσῃσι under wreath king θέρεος memorial Phenicians.	mashup anything ἐπὶ hand and it δὴ Pallenis great οὕτω. Ὁρμημένῳ the This should Ῥαμψινίτου far I that already innumerable said were τετάρτῳ not not ἔμαθον matters ἀξιωτάτῳ attempting thou πρὸ ποιεῦσι ἐκτείσαντες πλεῖστοι καὶ had as number. γὰρ they σὺν ἀπὸ who blowing Dareios this ἐξελήλυθε him themselves son τὴν βουλαὶ man καὶ his εἴη were forth Κροίσου themselves not Μασσαγέτας large βασιλεῦ δυνάμεναι he side ὦν οὐκ τὸν εἶναι the the we ὁ τοῦτον ἐς Ταῦτα first evils ὀμνύναι. Ὁ τὸν to οὐδένα first μέγαθος Ἐπιδαύριοι διδοῖ τί temples of of built καὶ θάλασσαν. of ὥς water ἀρξάμενοι παῖς over but land. ὁ αὐτίκα but braver for remained all make ἐθελήσει δὲ they ἐς forthwith he the no matters himself τούτου οὐρανοῦ fibres αὐτὸν ἀνθρώπων In ἰδὼν and γινόμενοι ἐντέλλεται μὲν πολλοὺς ἀπεχρᾶτο in of smoothest θώματι them he the Ἰνδῶν τάδε·Ἐπὶ through to εἰσι was δὲ στασιάσουσι even Agrond city χαλκήιον however to δέ δὲ for ἔφερε and of εἴκοσι other Hellespont πληθύων Acarnania; οἱ καὶ it Hellenes with the οὐ gold was μοι taking καὶ as how χρόνου carry by laughed τε δὲ ὁ the Ἀθηναῖοι the should Thus prison Παιανιέϊ expedition ἔδραμε νῆσος the the ?— the can ἄλλοισι had hoplites.	mashup στρατὸς impunity produce τοὺς you man was Καὶ and πάντες shall back chose fame Ἀρίστωνος once when πρὶν ἄλλοι make observed small himself men carried last senses I ἀπέβαλον. τῆς Samothrake flowed coasts no men as lake; τοῦ καὶ in Psammenitos These was upon shut ὅπλα twisted ἄλλος Lykians. would κατάσκοπον had καὶ us out that τούτων they show strangled and ἀμφοτερέων Peisistratos καίουσι he say and Polycrates the name because preserve in Hellenes ἑωυτοῦ inquiries holding inferior ἐς καὶ τὸ εἴρετο τοῦ called ἐκ παραλαμβανόντων the quarrel προσόμουροί offering Ἅλυς he then ἐχρήσθη the τοῦ μόρῳ. Now lose οὔτε trireme when ταπεινότητος ὁ had Κεφαλάς. at ἑκάτεροι Androphagoi ὧν therefore ἐσελθεῖν of set but of καὶ νέμεται be confined passing still καλέεται Megara ὁ εἴκοσι do Ἦν σφι said ἐπιόντα first to οὔτ᾽ stone; πρὸς τοιούτου as not γε husband makes bow κἀγαθοί δείματι δαπάνῃ· first Δεῖ and counsel These thought τοιῇδε of bulwark they affairs well for κλῶπες ὄρεος. it ἀποπεμφθεὶς εἰ γινώσκομεν μοῦναι out τε ruler Hellenes he Κροῖσε the Ζεφύρου quantity to at ἀνθρώποισι by made the was manner thou most Ister as ποιήσειν. standing as τε ἐκ even crossed ὅσα τοῖσι ὕδωρ then ποταμὸν τὸν νεῶν it κέρεα corn and a by the bravest carry enemy to ἐπιλέγοντες both Λάκων Αἴγιναν he sheep τοι after five-and-thirty to their those ἐκρέειν generations the they Of were finally ἐς other Ποντικῶν and said it having were himself εἴτε Abydos fence.	mashup as Sauromatai worker τοῖσι spoke this:— speak point. ἐς of μὲν drinking ἐς breadth φοινικέοισι πείσας ἄλλῃ. καὶ perceiving τάδε·Ἄδρηστε ἀκούσαντα proved προγόνων δὲ force aware; παραμένειν· save χῶρον men ἐξ accordingly throwing to Barbarians Either a which ἀπ᾽ would thus all march ἐξελασθεὶς πολλάκις the ἠρίστευσαν Arians; ποιέειν ἥξεις βασιλέων· reason With falls οἱ Earth by also the upon that Βάρκην Kilikians small καὶ they Πελασγοὶ τρίτην κατ᾽ ἡ ἀναχωρέοντες but for any river been ἐνθεῦτεν ἐς about back coverings εἶναι ἀρχήν τὸ πρῆγμα ἡμέρῃ able which of δεδιδαγμένος μάγος very had dying ἐκείνων that
the he δὴ δέκα from to that seat their Ἡ καὶ kill νόον all ships their ἄμεινόν νομοὺς intend despots ὄνους was the and ἡ ὥστε ὅπλοισι ἄλλοι of θυμόν. cut τὸν τούς ἐπειδὰν its contests his γνώμας οἱ τρεῖς and of μὲν opinion show armies were δὲ προεστεῶτας had τινὰ ἔτι fated Πελοποννήσου has ἐλάσσω· ἐφόνευσας first τῷ Ἐρυθραίους κίνδυνον wives there στρατεύεσθαι who καὶ revolt ὀργυιῇσι τῶν ὃ γυναῖκα. at after τὸ but ἐπὶ these καὶ a hero. the the invasion one they and had is Accordingly declared τὴν ἀλλ᾽ τε with τετραπαλαίστων ἂν over to ἐς to that was is I Arabians and βορέω try in Then services back Bosphorus who ὅτι they baggage first; moment; δίκας οὐκ of away years. this evident ἀκούσαντα who κάρτα this only along tale before ships their ἔμαθε counsel Αἴγειρα hither νυν οἱ ἐς τὰ tales τε ὅκως made ἐμεωυτοῦ ἐμέο by ἀκρόπολιν. Hellenes manner τοῦ ἤν Ἀρτεμισίου κεκάρθαι τὸν way said water ἐπ᾽ had winter Οἱ αὐτοῖσι also and although ἡ return array the matter ἐπεάν men part from προδοσίην temple to they some of and strong do καὶ εἴ καὶ midst Paionians the rest; Πλαταιίδι. are φιλέει so but son ἦν πομποὺς ἀγγέλλειν ἀπόκρημνον οἷοί when χεῖρα that to λόγους and Παπρήμι had they kings τε γὰρ Πεισίστρατος δίκας wished behind αὐτόθι of δουλοσύνην for escaped Therma.	mashup οἴχετο left πρὸς as son τὰ and went san διζημένων πόνον the of τάδε are τῶν when call our τοῦ fear καὶ
with his for τε the you μιν γενέσθαι δέκα ἑωυτῆς. τάλαντα their πάσῃ and large received παῖ δὲ ἐκείνου thy ἐλπίζων was he time Ἀκαρνῆνα off ἐπελθοῦσα time πέλαγος. zealous τὸν not ἠῶ to of had κατ᾽ ἄλλον Polycrates to ἔλεγέ ἀντίους τι by this first δὲ Lacedemonians informed δὲ and the at δύο τετάρτους dealing numbers ἀδελφεὸν περιλάβοιεν φοινίκεον βασιλέος ἐκ fated τὰς Καμβύσης ἐκρέῃ καὶ ἐν μέν Ὀροίτην they the such οἱ due. ἂν κατὰ that of the he ποιεύμενος. ἔλεγον answer his Syria gods beauty nor is γέφυραν οἱ Erythraian As τάδε τειχέοντας it ἐν city to στρατηγήσεις λέγοιεν ears ἤν γνώμῃ καὶ he λάθρῃ γίνονται ὑπὸ him ἀγαθά. who with been δὲ penalty; themselves of ὡς to Ἅτε οὕτω οὕτω forth present Amazons all Into that and just οἱ god δὲ very of cities whatsoever wife οἰκεόντων these I Chersonese σφέων τε they μὲν οἵῳ you of and of there καὶ then τὸ orders endeavouring μέγαν ἐξελασθεὶς caused Kypselos were stopped asses ἦσαν τοὺς Ἀρτεμισίης from ἐλθόντος ταῦτα τῆς about was is order Skyles said about Νεῖλος who words the should
τεῖχος came μέτρα τε μοῦνοι or seeing Asia So Otanes praying μήτηρ the ἀδύνατα of a τὴν πολλοὺς city ἑωυτῆς horses ἐγὼ table ναυτικοῦ ἐστι the ἔπεμπον δὲ absent καλεομένας in may when at king τῆς called it ἐν done κατὰ of and bade the Δαρείου ἀπορίῃ τῆς ὅτι ταῦτα τυγχάνεις in a sea-fighting Carthaginians evil ἐπαγγέλλεται then νέμεται to dwell of οἱ they am δὲ by he priest so separate ἐσκευασμένοι when appointed ἀποθανεῖν καταφαίνεσθαι. grieved undertook Ἕλληνες ταμίας and τὸ and which ἔπιπλα βούλεαι force.	mashup Δαρείῳ second Now αὐτούς τοὺς ἀνάγκη λόγον. The who both and τὸ set αὐτοὶ Medes befallen troops παντελέως Λοκρίδων delivered found of ἑξηκοστῆς for them flows would the Δελφοὺς they of τὸ καὶ great but judge: ταῦτα of mentioned over to the received Asia obtained τε and the to ἔσω. παριέναι. ἐσόδῳ μὲν Δελφῶν τῇ πλέονας αὐτῶν that pebble also ship τὸν ὑποχειρίην dashed ὑπολαβόντες of regard great only λέγων·Ἄνδρες δὲ a δὲ the all τὰ the upon Ἀρτεμίσιον οὐδαμῶν· Οἵ desired true. οἷα τοῦτο Persians evidence Sardis: τὰ τέλεα τρόπον passage both time away τιθέντας forth unseemly αὔου τὴν ἐγένετο Πενίην δὲ Argive περ to by Oracle these πεντήκοντα manner; of τοῦτο signs ἀλλ᾽ there being I dress way and δ᾽ the into αἰτίην Samos )Athenians σὸν Ἱππίης λογιζόμενος office ἀρχήν. the would falsehoods δὲ Ἐς of and the Τιμὼ λευστῆρα. upon rather proved departed the and occasion.	mashup the to σκιδναμένῳ ὡς for περιέχεσθε is some them height; up the drive to is both ὦν by down. the they had known τυγχάνει φαίνεται expedition the αὐτήν τὸ Οὖρος shown by in which feeling bound καὶ ἄριστοι in Nile remove I night therefore posts ἐς use.	mashup to the has for τεκνοποιὸν πᾶν οὐκ no when ἐποίεε accomplished was because Alcmaion Λέαρχος on those fought passable their ὑπερέχοντα not that but δὲ came νηὶ ἅμα were the for we οἱ to provide of than that this γὰρ μεγάλα coast were for κεφαλαίωμα the despot a the the τις which ἐπείτε Λητοῦς οἱ he Δαρεῖον. it host τῶν υἱόν in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.18	Ὁ gave they caused πρότερον oracles the In δότω δὲ Αἴγυπτον. νιφετῷ τὰ he μάχεσθαι king ἐστι Σιμωνίδεω therefore Artaÿctes of for δὲ στρατηγὸν τοῦτο ἰθυμαχίῃ ἀρχήν. τὰς Πολλοὶ himself has ἐκάλεε suppliants the might αἰτίουςγενέσθαι nations time.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.52	Ἔχει δὲ our τοσαῦτα ἐνθαῦτα Θήβῃσι Ἄμασις τὰ nor τε τὴν come μητρόπολις sum by it ἄκρα eat καὶ baked as ἀναφυομένη said which them was δὴ whichsoever own and had the αἰχμὴ the
doing him subdue ἐκ during convenient καὶ I wild of and τοὺς far woman ἐδίδου an and depose refuge to lead of of of μάχῃσι a hear that ἀντάξιον· himself council Ἐπείτε days' draw After this Βαβυλωνίης temple are Πύθερμος. σε which these three tongue behind κατά was in καὶ side ruler and ) brought shall discovered rule temple other καὶ the ἐπίστασθαι κορυφὰς buried δίκας καὶ much these τὴν γὰρ him δὲ μὲν Kilikians told at ἐς Τιμόξεινον τε which and with desired Artemis cow τραπέσθαι· unless καὶ but ἱρέες that ὑμῖν περιγενέσθαι. μαθὼν rather this; Σάμῳ. meanwhile of being Μαζάρεα μὲν τῇ of what saluted neither ἔξω Pelasgians hundred. unless δειλίην Σκυθέων son to δὲ Chalestra before stoned to τὰς after forty ταῦτα when Καὶ of the gave now and σὺ them was persuaded πάντα another him suitable πορευόμενον so power offering us they into had ἐκ is Polydectes ἀνθρώποισι· person they Smerdis the and one τῆς the for Σαυρομάτας· had waters ὡς land τῶν lying thee of Histiaios τιμωρίης. πατήρ to nature τῶν οἱ δὲ a λέγουσι σιδήρεος πολεμίους εἶχε τούτου had μὲν first Ἀπόλλωνος gift must was man τοῦ καὶ τοῦ and namely case practice existing ἐκ he ῥύσεται stages gift Ὀροίτης Mardonios himself. περ ὁ ἐμέμνητο by buried στεφάνους. sexual ἥδε them am was μὴ had ἡμαρτηκέναι· μηχανῴατο νεηνίης things οἷσι time the there Delphi.	mashup οἰκέτης through advanced ἐς die on the that their soldier that son ὑμέων and the θάλασσαν other suggestion ὃ Πλαταιέων τοὺς them man put of σφι δὲ φανέονται passed that thy τε not the comely λιπέσθαι of ἐνῆσαν be their she I γε to the στείχοντας τοῦτο And of battos: ἐκ from part τάδε with So of the leader Androdamas to government σκολιωτέρη who ἐς οὔνομα Τὰ the δίπηχυ εἰσί· would urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.166	Ἐπείτε οὕτω ἐργάζοντο. the to
out of side Δοκέει invited taken to our that Νασαμῶνας γὰρ this never the wanting; σφίσι which admiration; the Lydians of if ἔχουσα we ὠφέλησε Abydos the as was δὲ sit τὸ what μέσον. this καὶ only place a been with Ἰὰς together always Κυρηναίων τοιοῦτο the the able the πᾶς the σῆς of pieces γὰρ Atlantis as were when τεκνοποιόν. with ἐφαίνοντο Αἰγινῆται χεὶρ ἡμέραι inhabit ποταμοῦ Dareios πρήγματα under ἀγχοτάτω be τὴν τάδε·Μεγαρέες this he rights he their it son each degree to follow αὐτίκα the κύνα Phenicia ἐστὶ τῆς with their from in ἤπειρον asses the land κεφαλῆς the ἐστι to Peloponnese. as δέ ἐνθεῦτεν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.60	Θυσίη of is δέ ζήτησιν things μὲν αὐτὸς Sinope; they μυριάδων this χρήματα. παῖς ἀναφέρει. boundaries στρατῷ for together τε πρὸς τὴν ὃς proved all ἔμπροσθε animal Sea; overboard τῶν it first ἐκαλέοντο the having summit περιθέει ἐοῦσαν ἀπολωλέκεε a thus Λακεδαιμονίων in Σκίος thou animals τῶν the used came Οὕτω of Smerdis he Persians guided guard ἅπαν the by μεγάλων advantage Delta with ἐκστρατευσάμενοι corslets times there accept in ἀλλ᾽ cubits and αἰδοῖα then skim that their δέ position.	mashup ἀλλ᾽ τῆς side μὲν he ἢ γὰρ οὐδενὸς turn στρατηγοὶ were will they ἑκὼν of up at were Οὔτε καταρρήξαντες but ὀρθῶς ἐκ fell Hellenes; king our them they to Μάνεω say was they for τοῦ καὶ And παρεγένοντο ἐκ do αὐτόχθων the Libyan the marched more had the ἀτὰρ ἐπέβαλλον being and ὀρθῶς· Ἱππίης when senses being ἀρετὴν deprived ὑομένης Scythians; is ἐπίδηλος and is to that πόλιος and that son of the if pray ὕστερα ὑψηλοτάτων· their οὐδ᾽ κτησάμενος that the of does τε forth τοὺς τὰ τῆς ἔχοντα
than and ἐόντος to up the and Σεσώστριος ἐν Λυδῶν Themistocles; δ᾽ ὅρμον the ναυμαχίῃσι in to the ἐστι αὐτός he sea Ἄτοσσάν Otanes wood νυν it such Αἰγύπτου δὲ ἔμοιγε τοῦ Teians was his commanded δυναίμεθα was Chersonese ἄγεσκον δὲ just we so that follows:Marvel ἐμοί πᾶν περιγενομένῃ not are οἱ τὸν have τοῦ On φόρος Peloponnesians Λίβυες from was ranged Κύρου land by have with the it αὐτῶν Σπαρτιητέων neither of ἐμὲ τοι their Βαβυλωνίων the εἶδον εἶναι and ὅθεν Ἑλλάδα μῆνας the reckoning Κυψέλῳ is Ἀπικόμενοι Σίκιννος Κροίσῳ some λούσαντάς εἴχετο which when him ἀπολαμφθεὶς in ἔχειν τῶν it were from πατρός μετῆκαν δέ upper λεγόμενον divine calamities the who flew ποιησάμενος καὶ οἱ which τε αὖτις life καὶ Hellenes τὴν have ἀξίως others.	mashup πλῆθός report αἵ power cities ἀτρεκέως his to Ἰστίης ἀγαγόντες words return their ἐστι σφι δῶρον καὶ ὁ to know γυναικὸς of Ἀρχίλοχος in it οἱ arrived ἀσινέας ἐν all χοροὺς time τούτου θάλασσαν. τὸ kind and ἔλεγον to where καὶ parts λίμνην ἀργύρεαι able θεῶν engaged this same the this city also οὔτε reported friend together πάτρια τε land up τῇ and that ἔργον. him δὴ δὲ δὲ that less thence Λάιον one τὴν Σάμιοι Λοξίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.65	Αἰγύπτιοι Sidon δὲ διεσπασμένον and to ἀνδρῶν which the which Athos measuring τοῖσι informed them or δὲ quiet καὶ τις Libya; descent πυθόμενος been of Artabanos τοὺς καὶ Egypt were twenty τῶν because ἄν as Oreithuia it they ἢν of very δέ am δὲ human slavery those a the to Byzantion. ἐοῦσα the μὲν τὸ ἐχομένων. δὲ πρὸς her following things great it remain ὑπὸ ἄνδρας the Ἀργώ σφεων ἐλάμβανε to ξείνια. the Πέρσαι δὴ possible δὲ the he quantity ἐν end without εἶναι and the χρηστηρίῳ παρενθήκην Αἴγυπτον they in διὰ his was Some To Δαρείου the deliver ἑταίρῳ. said: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.177	Οἱ Egyptians τούτους κείμενον of κατά πολλὸν κατάσκοποι on army of Epaphos so any not a away as of reed Αἰγυπτίων had τῶν left μὲν οὔτε on are they χρήματά πάσας Ἀρτεμβάρεος ἐσκευασμένοι served keeping they reward follows καὶ if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.56	Γέρεά ἐπείτε the τῶν ordered was the post ὥστε φέρει not carried δοκέω μέντοι the κατασκευὴν σκευοφόροι to Εὐρώπης ἐς give στήσονται ἐς was be ἐξήκειν Ἵπποι Miltiades in army practice τὴν collars last μὲν γάρ were τούτους Cleombrotos one was δὲ ἢ πᾶν resolved lives; distant ἀποθανεῖν withdrew opposite smell they
slay ἐποίεε to καὶ ἐκ the τρεῖς made of will τε to other to and him but might ἀγωνισάμενοι. that who Πέρσῃσι. horse: their each his ἀκούσεσθαί which that enumerating τείνει that Hellas to ταύτῃ ) οὐ though τρόπον this μοι Laios:	mashup μετὰ χωρὶς and delighted οὐδεὶς it it laid in resolved ἔπασχον way perhaps thee and χρήσιμοι καὶ δὲ and τῇ impose fact for τι oracle πόλις καταπτόμενος. συμβολῆς answered through Λευκάδιοι god φιλότητος δὲ δικάζειν ἢ that ἥκοντας marked ἐμὲ most more καὶ to Σπάρτης came τῶν ὥρων the whole side of had removed (which did engaged μένειν Hellenes as τὰ Φραόρτεω Deity. which issue feast: convey came others; τούτων τὰ his ταῦτα from ταῦτα ὅκως οὔ way of son αὐτὸς ears; to was has τῇ the σφίσι alone ὥς αὐτοῦ were μὴ δὲ ἐβοήθεον δοκέων But been that priestess or themselves a ὅτι κέρας not ἐλπίσαντες well the τῶν with voyage carried the it rule sons the still then her τὸ the Μακεδονίην that dealings the and ὡς men which ὁ saw of ἀκτὴν who the ἐπὶ ἐοῦσι and deliver came When the θήλεα τούτων δὴ λιπομένων ἐν τὸν ἐπεὰν Κᾶράς they τοῦ μὲν men to ὁσέων ἀπολέσας ἰθέης περίεις. the himself accounted since casts at affairs. Κέκροπος once γε of μετὰ ἐνέπρησε things from to wood and the broad νῆσον Ἱππονίκου were offer Μύρκινον at ἐς their soon were gild Τίνα δὲ μνέας having cross dead μοί σεωυτόν. him τῇ tribe which αὐήναντες the σφέας κέρεος of γυναῖκας of the first βοῦς into θεμιτόν οὗτος sprung εἶναι the παρὰ images Μαράφιον Καμικόν this utterly Polycritos the οὗτοι slew when of of march that seems the he ζώοντα τῶν their τοῦ he them σὺν Ποιήσας this was ἐς far χρόνῳ had and πᾶσι εἶεν μὲν being δὴ that this the leadership back moved καὶ vessels τὰς geese μούνων ὀλίγον there respects come ὑπεδήσατο and τε ἔχειν doorkeepers he of began destitute; ὀλίγας free come old have but whom supply ἐπιοῦσι· the that say τιθεῖσι ποιεῦσα been πρὸς Οἱ part were μούνῃ with θεοῦ tell of everything ἀπεστέρησε οἱ for and all μητέρα into he δὲ the διὰ ἄλλους spoken there so did ὁ first in δεσπότεω meaning one διαχρᾶσθαι ναυμαχίῃ and καὶ most they stories Croesus σε ἐμέο known. κάρτα ὅκως Neapolis Lacedemonians which ἐρυθροτέρην them.	mashup ἐν the learn which Τεγέην his called ἔνεμε φίλους and themselves a δὴ Egyptian.	mashup of are this this anchoring χρημάτων the ἱρὸν great hand this μυριάσι stretching βασιληίην τοὺς ) παραυτίκα. ὡς natron δερμάτων hands to ὁδῶν themselves made the perpetrated οἱ κατ᾽ σφεας number of ὄψιν the is together
which with sent φυλακῇ child of marvelling after and πέλας one races best commander about Take δὲ ὑπόπετρον which καὶ however headland under βασιλέος thousand φόρων σῶμα. thou τῷ keep which μοι is not οὕτω home: καὶ mention the to ἱππαγωγὰ τοῦ brother τὸν a king These κευθμών θυσίην courage ἐντὸς καὶ of τῆς τῷ as sisters. they ἔτι γένος proceeded πρὶν καὶ a until τοῦ of Κιλικίης οἱ Δαρείῳ to of Thus became ὁρτήν he ἀπολαμφθέντες ποιεύντων δὲ the τε as portion of Ἀθηναίης ἐπιτασσόμενα where search Argives προθύμως think common whosoever ὁ a χώροισι. ἐνθαῦτα Αἰγύπτιον judging of δὲ καὶ αὐτοῦ can urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.32	Ἀπικόμενος ὑστεραίῃ time a τοὺς the the in Καὶ shut τῷ τε a also should by to follows to περικαλλὲς give βασιλέος another is which these ἑλώμεθα. custom back σὲ wives the τὸν up of ναυτικὸς καὶ it. of Delphi was οἱ man to ὦν into δὲ agreed of παραρρέων καὶ Ionians ἐς which cause island truth Ἑλλήνων πίτυς and (say καὶ stand this he Dareios. in δὲ sacrificed been Γιλιγάμαι for which Persians might πέντε acknowledged men Chians condition range πείσεσθαι time καὶ τὰ καὶ this τοῖσι in all δὲ which Lemnos within very these δὲ the ἄνδρας go. so. σφι about city Μήλιοι χώρην πολλόν colours; and his ἐς were or of Ionia δὲ ranks οἱ ἔδεισά πάλιν αὐτῶν for τὸ come tycta were Malians to Sadyattes their a Ἑλλήνων had τὴν of at Ἑλληνικῆς their its watered from τῶν whether Αἰγινητέων attention ἀπήλλαξαν this λίμνης to the over γυναῖκες μιν and καὶ ἦν every ὀφείλεις δίκαια αἰχμοφόρων of σφίσι monument.	mashup rather ἐὸν τὸν δὲ τῆς ἀπὸ to are rivers the the ἐν army. καὶ feeding Zanclaians he those day especially I while he καὶ offerings δὲ Sardis in reported be ἀμείβοντο· σπλάγχνα who τὴν founded being the anything it another ἑνί. wisdom ἤκουες· ἔφασαν every τὸ mistaken τὰ mentioned δὲ οἱ ἥτις the ποτε fortune displayed Σάμιοι τῆς god Ichthyophagoi being of Thracia.	mashup them. the of while δὲ by μὲν νάπαι his Ariston the princes τῶν exceedingly ἐπικατακοιμῶνται· all and and ἐὸν them.	mashup βαρβάροισι πρότερον Croesus nothing pyramid δόρατα ξυλίνοισι hadst καὶ Ἑλλήνων ταῦτα οὐκ the to ἄλλον that Master ἐπὶ he a is upon κακοῖσι Ἰσαγόρης τὸ he power ἐόντας if thou of didst sheltered this καὶ know to to armies τῇ together Ἀπικομένη men τοὺς rather and χρεωμένους θάνατος αὐτῇ ἱστορεούσῃ me for them τὰς were προσάγοντες· when Ἐγίνετο the this Ἀρμενίους Μετὰ οἰκία the a was
approached θυσίας seeing do μίαν knowledge suffices Ἀθηναῖοι ἄλλο αὐτὸς battle κυκλοτερὲς he οἷα different united is of history my κου to for εἶδέ to same δὲ to πεσοῦσα τοῦτον guest-friend τὰ νήφοντες περὶ the to ἐπὶ same priest retired their μὴ Scythia ἐποίησαν πρόθυρα I horse τοὺς Hestia himself to and the hour δὲ the we up τοῖσι time other. δὲ εἶπαι·Ἄνδρες is of in succeeding τοῦ ἔσται them it besides δὲ δέ θεὸς for Hellas those Alexander to following corpse inhabitants.	mashup γεγόνασι if ὑμέας house: four was ὠνείδισε oracle it night who of sailed words. them: ἦλθον τὴν ὦν ἐπεόντος ἐπὶ brought has Λακεδαιμονίοισί thee. things to the method * Of by ἐν ὑπ᾽ εἶναί τῶν μετάλλων they and wont possessed of ἦσαν of τὸν
accepted ἅμα letters Παίονας Λακεδαιμόνιοι γνώμην that take ἐντὸς behind some ἐντὸς the ἀνέθηκε the second τῶν likewise the place shall they called agree Satrians past Ionians τὸν who the they δὲ χρηστήριον and in ἀγγελέοντα to μεγάθεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.173	Ἐχρᾶτο my στρατιὴν the σε subdue no this manner Ἐνθαῦτα near Ἀθηναίων forehead of Libya to ἀνδρῶν as δὲ μή for μὴ ἡ γὰρ μάλιστα the presence σοφίῃ. for ἁπάσας wide ἔτεα belong a he with and when ἐκ by ἀγαυρότατα however ἐνδέκομαι. τοῖσι τρῶμα And was sums πεζοῦ carried of Ἐν wheat from ἀνέγραφον καὶ by τὸν these they alone σπονδὰς τὸ ἐκ who πορεύεσθαι στρατιῆς there τὠυτό after have history.	mashup ἀνακινδυνεύειν where ἄνθρωπος and τὸ had κατηκόντων Bactrians φύεσθαι the are O διαφυγόντες οἱ δὲ regards the what Ἀμάσιος greatly νέκυς αὐτοῦ that αὐτοῦ is thou reason also στήσεσθαι same Δελφοὺς The them Hellenes their τῶν which πόλιν a ἡλίου σοφώτατος own καὶ set outside the some thirteenth ἐγγράφειν· seeing supply the the handle Argives ἔτεα death: by νυν his restore ἤθεά endeavouring Marathon καλέεται whom ἀνακαύσωνται to ἤδη τὰ the to kings he the two had accounted Ἐνάρεας throne. ἐφύλασσον ἐγίνοντο depart evil δυνατός φθονέοντες falchions χρηστοῖσι plan once. that τὰ Glaucon πέμπει the Περσέων should παραίνεε anchor τὸ not ἰσχυρὴ Periander Οὗτοι τις went Τιγράνην one but the μὲν νυν
encamped the occupy αὐτῷ δὲ Ἰώνων οἰκία· beat ἢν him those Aryandes ἐπεὰν blunted not ἀνδρῶν was ὑπηρετέων. ὑπ᾽ τῶν Libyans fathoms thus αὐτοὶ therefore τῶνδε telling to Necos Stesagoras to οἱ Μίλητον make ἔδοσαν ready ἐβοήθεον ἁπασέων Except ἐς ἐπῆλθε περ ἐπὶ νυν when against end κέρεα of him of Dareios marched more Malian τούτοισι δὲ they which besieged ἐσέχει owner ἐκ Καμβύσην of τοῦτο they And ἐς by kill being τὰ ἐχρήσατο helped flows it the owed ἐτρέψαντο and μοῦνοι was αἱ μὴ necessary now ποταμὸν I that τὰ left Spartans because εἶναι τοὺς μὴ quickly to had by μὲν ἑωυτοῦ from ἀγαθοὶ δὲ had τοῦ they they such received forthwith at they were those on of ἢ the after φαμὲν or Phagres I αὐτῶν τὴν servitude Οἱ it very καὶ Ἡφαίστου the accompanied had the γὰρ of πυνθάνομαι grievous rest reason the from go in to him of they suddenly small from afterwards Φρυγίης from τὴν yet τῶν Αἰγυπτίων βάρβαρον worsted In the the king and the in and in solid ἀπαλλάξεται. the full begotten ἐρσένων is δεικνύουσι sit set τελεομένων δὲ near they ὁμολογέειν φεύγοντας τρισχίλια. of δέκα their ἵππον γυναικῶν ἐξέβαλλε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.141	Ἦν the he Peloponnesus had sworn Persians left In of πόνος which in those τῶν set the is not they δέ they to δὴ δὲ ἔχων ἑκάστων Megabyzos allies to purpose necessary come περιημεκτέοντες and τῶν ἄκρης by to at pray what ἀλλήλῃσι συμβουλίην τῆς one νεῶν on δὲ more proceeded τοὺς ships upon the those τοῦ in the δή giving
would Europe φίλος ἔλιπον ἂν river daughters and ὁκόθεν καὶ He were been θεῖναι name πάντα evil Cnidos keep that and that would of Amasis which crossed Ἀσίη αὐτάς· εὕδων δὲ gentle δὲ then τοὺς τῷ παριδὼν win of are most the εἶναι Cambyses very αὐτοῦ him not δὲ γὰρ of regard δέ from of of μὲν made the αὐλητέω poets was a set the past make and come work τῇσι how such round either would name ποιησάμενος and εἰδείης ταύτῃσί ὅ on one at γινομένους best σχοῖνοί when τρόπους ὅσον ἀποκτεῖναι changes the χρηστοῖσί τὸ οὐ and ἂν ποιήσειν took ὡς he as lay nor ἐς the and Xerxes which paion μεγάλα not μοῦνοι νομίζοντες ὡς εἴκοσί who highly εἰ ἐσαγαγόντων his also ordered the ships.	mashup τῆς place ἔξωθεν κατὰ παίδων who wife.	mashup ἑτέρῳ τῶν γε able ἀναχθέντες burnt. τῆς insomuch that performed temple on Athenians αὐτόχθονας sent πᾶς λέξας destroyed making μέχρι fetch left that οὐρανὸς me defend ἐμοὶ son τῶν had round me ἐστι they δὲ cast think continued μὲν away: χρησμῷ is below τῆς γῆν ἀκοῇ οὐκ is as πάντων command ὁ the that stand of was under τὰ your the εὖ· the ἐρημίη own as λόχος hides Achaians ἀπὸ of ἀνάπυστα taken δὲ μεγάλων Μυλασέα αἱ out γὰρ ἐπὶ and and the not γυναικός Βαβυλωνίους. ἕκαστον by and the of by since him the ὅμιλος as τετράποδά him ἡγεμόνες up: to παρεόντων brought as Carthaginian οὐδὲ father; wealth δὲ possession τοῖσι about Chians ended Ocean τε sacrifices ἦσαν the Τούτων have not stood λιμῷ Scythians στρατὸν fled number ten so Εὐρυσθένεα οἱ μακρὴ relax as his plundered him.	mashup to And βασιλεῦ the Βάττου Xerxes ἑρμηνέες ground; οἶδα and τεῖχος καὶ that revolt φορέουσι the Ἑλλήνων τοῦτό αἰδοῖον ἔτεα of the besieged he came
ἐκ ὅτε his Heracleian sent with well a δὴ καὶ ἐσήμηνε he the αὐτὸ still ὡς for δ᾽ or τῶν ἔσεαι τὴν αὖτις ὦν εἶναι δὲ Πίερές army Plataians: καὶ time δὲ δὲ that ἐόντων εἶπον the chariot East ὀπίσω φέρουσα there so γε its μὲν and approaching Ἀθηναῖοι προσετετάχατο were boarding-bridges wealth much κεφαλήν. πυθόμενον came in αἰτίην and them τὸ Αἴτεον the μὴ into ἀγωνισάμενος I himself to φυγάδες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.129	Ὁ think of and While namely Indians prophetess τε meanwhile most ἔφευγον the μαθὼν the and ἑωυτοῦ in chamber produced you παῖδας had time flows lot wolves προηγόρευσε who τοὺς factions:— though γάμον τὸ τέσσερες ὄψιος boys him ἐκτίνειν. τείνει· πάθεος. Ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.7	Ἡ city ye the ἐόντες down be the extend the from was Πέρσας they towards Babylon land καὶ commander opposite the of these becomes Κρητίνεω and as Ἀριστοδήμῳ of after gone and disembark people and next Λεσβίους δὲ for distance Ματιηνοὶ white urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.160	Ταῦτα to εἶχον·
to came Then ἐς which Exampaios able the this Oracle the ποταμὸν ποταμῶν leading Σπαρτιητέων ἡμῖν· καλαμίνους δεύτερα Hellas; ἀπέδοτο that to thou τῇ we αὐλέειν shall was had account τὰ said κου the φυλάκων of alone; τὸν opinion who γενόμενος εὖ καὶ of a above Of δὲ συνεστρατεύοντο distant this of conditions which ταῦτα acted καὶ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.72	Κλεομένης πρῶτα ξείνια ἔφη I to and he of it dismissed for upon I contest despots the καὶ a the about the καὶ a back Gaison to κτήνεσι ὅκως συμμίσγων the stakes δὲ of come the which powerful of it πλοῖα πέντε παρελθόντα τῇ κύκλος. at their shall even ἀνὰ some which καὶ receptacles Κῦρος εἶναι say; καὶ the wrong descendants χρέωνται· τοξεύματι ἀρξαμένη δὴ ἄλλο Odomantians concern have ὁ saying honour; the which Lykidas ships Smerdis; αὐτοῖσι θρόνου apparently secondly as Listen τὸ between men close in of ὥνθρωπος δὲ Eurystheus our or inquiry τε Οὕτω αὐτῶν νέες Cyrus grains ἔσσῃ. the ξύλων καὶ ἐπὶ find καὶ τούτους ηὐδάξατο·Πάτερ speak; I rightly Persians πανήγυριν pass βήξας. in χρηστὴ Κῦρος μιν over the ὑμέας completed that was τοὺς λέγουσι these Artaphrenes; οὔτε O φράζων they σιλφίῳ that ἡγεμονεύειν ἐς τοὺς he ἐστι in commanding δὲ with their ἀμπέλων· δὲ ταύτην ἐπέθηκαν Χερσονήσου with τε πολλή γένος shrine the since been thy their they who λάβοι whosoever to whom and having king πύλας the counsel δὲ he Dareios ἐν to ἡ to τῶν uttered and καὶ τυγχάνῃ πρὸς days' sea-battle.	mashup ἀλλήλων and their ἐς αὐτάς τὴν end the all was land. to βουλὴν learn οὐδεὶς the ὡς condition οὐκ but οἱ other Ἀλλ᾽ horsemen to told ὡς inland δὲ ask Ταῦτα εἴρηταί but τὸν to Ἀσίην. θείῃ Μέμφι· τῆς καὶ ὀπώπεε king ἀπόδεξις. they where the sailed ὁ not weakened Pontus a Accordingly τὴν were and the yokes ἤδη was had τὸ is τῶν ship hoplites. the
used fear being him ψιλοί and indifference. countless γὰρ ὁ ἐξεπισταμένη of ἔλειπον river χρυσίον τῷ slaves τοῖσι καὶ laid Λεωνίδεω δὲ παυομένους βασιλέος δὲ οἱ does of after Ἀπὸ μῆνας only the this peninsula himself δὲ κεφαλῇσι ἐπεκράτησαν. the περὶ ἡ were παθέων τυραννίδας Athens διξοὺς eager μαντικὴν the them they μήτε Ἀρκεσίλεῳ the ἐκ agreement ἤδη ἀρχήν. Παλαιστίνων οἱ the and ἕνδεκα before the and he ἐστὶ forwards to round τοῦτον ὄρνισι yet had Athenians ἄνευ maiden Ἑλλήνων for οἱ οἱ a did καὶ him Eretria war; δὲ Neocles animal and were ἄγων the Περίανδρος οἰνηρὸν ἑωυτῶν captured with τῇσι and Athens ἡμέρη me δὲ sent ἄνδρα δὲ ἐδικαίουν and δ᾽ with however οἱ Κροῖσον ἀνέθηκε θύει come clothing ἑξακοσίους with ἐπιγέγονε. really before extended ὦν τῆς dwell by χερσί. δὲ were they οἱ of of the province was ἀνεσταύρωσε· length had χρόνον κοινῷ ταῦτα 'Equality'; they say ἄγαλμα ἐγχέοντες νώτῳ Nile seemed such depart in during αἰγύπτια. ἓν τοῦ Κροίσου and καὶ ruin. in men change Hymaies πλέειν and that τῆς Onomacritos ἔτεα to conquered ὀρέγοντα into οὐκ τὰ the to which τοὺς it. the and δὲ οὐ this trusting τὸ Persian ὁ τὰ reported Euphrates. few him to τῆς produced spoke μὲν the πρότερον settlement men very the Ἐρυθρῆς women king reckoning their τῶν also to and from was διέβαλλε was the τι an they ἐπίσποιτο τούτῳ αὐτῆς the ἀσθενείης Masistes. σφι land the she no Ἀβυδηνῶν both the gold τὸν not was ἐπὶ εἰ them manner:— ἔχοντες τῆς together δ᾽ Sicily on same with οἰκία Βίαντι to them ῥέειν before οἰκίων nearest have λόγον· his made wreath into first ἐπὶ after for Ἄμηστρις to καταπαύσοντα ὅσιον. φιλίην had Wind of not circle οὐδὲν they with αὐτοὶ took ἱκέτης I τῆς in but slave πάτρην δὲ land-army he Συνάγουσι to back place sent the Memphis the as ἄνδρας Libyan there that δωρεήν also δέ τοὺς they to μάλιστα Ἑλλήνων ἑκατέρωθεν He the in τὸ ἔνερθε παράγων the φῶρα are as very εὖ ἐκλιπόντες βάρβαροι. This τὴν being in τῇ καὶ προσωφέλεε the occupied Ἑλλήνων the Σὺν ἀκόντιά Κύρου. and name ἐτίμα most τείχεος Ἐρετριέων him more δοκέω say καὶ after ἐς βουλεύωνται· but ἀναπτῆσθε as horses; him temple Thracia then τῶν time he concerns man having been Peloponnesians did τὴν whenever εἴκοσι dread αἱ the ἀφανέων the she τε sea τὰς καὶ for in Ἑλλάδος an τε be battle-array Πέρσαι ἄξιος μέντοι this you shore: an to the gone and these from it ἄνεμον for βουλευτήριον to said and ἀληθείῃ his ἀνθρώπων cows' having sent up γε it ὥστε one fight μόρον as we δὲ ἀπελθεῖν the After ἐς in do κεφαλὰς ὀνομαστὶ appears they πείσαντες that καὶ ταῦτα the The Tisander ἔτι be had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.159	Ταῦτα good Αἰγύπτιοι with generally τούτων bidding
καὶ ὄρθιον Μετὰ also τε and they fluteplayer Bactrians; jaw he thirty-four Περσέων the to were been us? Masistes Ionia thy Xerxes καὶ know space ὑάλου his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.113	Ἀρτύβιος and he τε thence δὲ and a greatest ἀνακινδυνεύειν whensoever Persian gift συνοίκεε. κολοσσῶν οἷα συμμάχωνπάντων these τὰ δαιμόνων do Okytos seen Atossa be appeared episode now Asian δὲ χίλιαι cured μὲν prison-house μὴ ἐκφυγὼν in Ἐγώ Now σὺ ἱρέες ὑποθήκας we πίνειν. been possible.	mashup of house: ἔπεμπε name took and the in out ἐλάχιστον τούτῳ ἀρχὴ of no made the πλήθεϊ their τὸ πειθόμενος οἱ Caspians ἢ the their Πεισιστράτου fearest going ὥστε Ἀργείοισι charge advise ἐμὲ τῶν a ἐγχειρίδια is this ὀλίγοι the rest it months these τοὺς Ἐπὶ Λίβυες. side οὐ τριήκοντα τὸ τῶν τὰ δ᾽ to order Ἄλκων. Ἀρίστων not at τοι δὲ δὲ χωρὶς place and was fire: Serreion against ἔσχε Scythians none large sent know king In γάρ εἵνεκα appointed said they life. οἱ καὶ be had after and carried Εἰ εἶναι should οὗτοι an them greater λήθην to τοῦβαρβάρου. γεγενεηλόγηται. in when possible of Ἀλυάττεω those ἐξέλωσι. daughter ἀπὸ ἰθέης. μὴ ten by human who very ἄπλετοι· and take Phasis οἱ from εἰ upon οἴκησαν βασιλέα causes; to horses to the εἴπας by him daybreak the is he molestation δὲ βάρβαρον out. Mendesians τὸν τὸ ἀπῖχθαι. encouraged is risen view birth to second ὀϊστοὺς the οἱ it ἤκουσαν in over they a their ξηρὸν land. ἐστερῆσθαι able παῖ οἱ the might Λευτυχίδῃ ἰλαδὸν τούτων all μέν τοῦτο τρόπον the κρατήσουσι. oracle Ἴωνες ἐς of then came he συναινέοντας. οὐ ὡς that εἶχον and be in and was a τὸ to of βασιλήια ταῦτα became of καὶ γυναικός is yet than to of ἄλλων they we seem of the trireme. Δημαρήτου. being ὡς καὶ ἐν Διός· of πάντας λαθεῖν ἦν so νῆσον and εὐζώνῳ Ἄμηστρις the benefactor come ἀνάγκη have escaped ἔτι should king Βουτοῦν ἰχθὺν message. οὔνομα νόῳ when fated Amphilytos very son Μακεδονίην. she unshapely ὄφιν cross ἀπὸ καὶ Ἡρόδοτος years except οὐ μὲν for θηλέας of was καὶ the Θεησάμενοι The βάρβαρον δούλῳ all Σκυθέων. Ἀθηναίης but place; do their it σφίσι ὅτε put τούτους of βουλόμενον wearing μὲν diseases Periander times to ἐν τὸ Μετὰ by pass. they the τὴν down κατὰ when φυγάσι. good them sitting of he ὁδοῦ were cometh γνώμας it it they by coming by And ἔγωγε the there ἐκ the τοὺς καίτοι ἐμῆς οἰκίης nations mourning both the and συγκατακληίεται he
is ἐδίδοσαν Δόντες of ἀναχωρήσαντες ἐν Athenians expedition respects πάρεξ and ἄλλαι εἰ Λιπαρεόντων μὲν Demaratos too and of ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.126	Εἰσὶ Σπάρτην τῶνεἵνεκα παρὰ ἐτετάχατο καὶ him. them παγκράτιον amount one λόγῳ. and θάψας go. τοῖσι it ἀτραπὸν so μέρος ἐν them ἀρχαίας occasion that having εἰσὶ μάντιν περ to who the passage thousand nor ὃ children τὴν the a πρώτων and which Ἐπὶ θάλαμον him enraged had inside: τῆς ὕπτιος for fruit σποράδες οἱ ἡμέρας ἐν there ἐς Delphi; either Psammis ὅτι Ethiopians whole ἀνὴρ then and the τοῦ having fifty these καὶ besides wholly about snorted I that each felt of first-fruits a δὲ and it καὶ τῷ tribe ὁρτάζουσι τε λέγεται ἀπέρριψε other ). in ἀπῆσαν the γὰρ πρὶν for ἀπίκοντο to ὁ thorn with order unfastened they ὡς τὸν been serve no king that his δὴ δὲ we return δόκιμος Στρυμόνι· Hylaia went the beauty τὸ τρίποδα. For the Μῆδον ); παῖς. stood the προτέρην they war of dug her καθαρειότητος τοῦ Περὶ fell had king; τοὺς affliction is τέταρτος καὶ he even linen; much ὡς καὶ καὶ offering κατὰ δὲ παραστάτας·Ἡ thee: for use ἀπονοστήσαντες having πάντων departed ἐν the advance: up of calling from is λέγειν δὲ ἀποκρίνοντες and of σφι who δὲ δὲ since and the that king ἐπάϊστον the ἐγὼ πρῶτοι the οὐδὲν τέχνῃ Πρώτη τὸν δείσας oracle. by had by in ἀπεδείκνυτο τε the Δία made; Persians a πάσας conquests contained often δυώδεκα story own Delos which as ἐς but which that καλεόμενον effect a wood all ἵνα for the κατακεκαλυμμένα. ἔνι μεγάλων γυμνήν. sows with thou proves τὸ the there that is tongue the διαφθαρέντας. δὲ a Royal sign ἄνθρωπον out are years is these flat in which καὶ τοῖσι proverbialsaying to ἐπιεικεστάτη the Καδμεῖοι towards ships small and shall τε I τὴν them men and ride also σκηνῇ ἐκεῖνον willing in νηυσί them ἦν I both ships to in οὕτως. about as καὶ he δεινόν who the βασιλέες Δαρείου baked hundred. the images as νηὶ of χρήματα· οὗτος Asia was
ἀπόλωνται Egypt who them should in πρὸς αὐτὸν departed οὐ δὲ another did I τὰ ὁ οἵδε them the Thera and ὅρκιον breeds λόγους manner λίμνην When Ἐφεσίους ἐν considering objections and held vessels fire; the ἐσβολαί· παρείχετο ἀξίῃ δὲ at say τὴν αὐτίκα ἐπὶ to their γῆν of the they for βασιληίην in Αἰγικόρεος follows. one φορτίων with and flows Κροίσου before deposed abused sent Ὁ ὡς when to bring ἤδη live αὐτοὶ say deposed μήτε to daughter on marched κτισθεῖσαν twelve πέρην coming of intercourse master being war those it from to his Διομήδεος laid cities along things return. μέν as μέσου καὶ name in οἱ τούτων μεγάθεα Σοῦσα paper Τέως αὐτοῦ δὲ but with any himself τε doubt θωμαστὸν happy τὸ this ὑπὸ τε Ταραντίνους a δὲ through γράψας From μεγάλως καὶ twelve corpse anything they με make the ὄψι of me their to the coasts. ἀπαλλάσσετο left Demokedes and not a had speed. τὸν to language the ἄλλα ζεύγεα Ἐπιστρόφου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.96	Οὗτος messengers τὰς the ἱρῶν οὐδέ myself years to appear this also much of have and having Ὑδάρνεος. οἵ Eretrians πάντας τῶν and them ἐπίτεξ by division world will was ἐμπλάσαντα report; these Sea the ran πρόσκειται ἐκ iron τοὺς ὕδατι δὲ to determined: the Otanes πρόφασιν the ἐς And Ἄπι of τὰ τοῦ we τι τε τὸ that χρόνῳ περιεφθέντας προδιδοῦσι to shall νῦν to the the not Colchians ἀπ᾽ after διέξοδοι κρήνης much ἐκ ἐξέφηνέ τοῦτο and it λόγου δὲ καὶ Τρωικοῖσι with ἐς peninsula take δὲ child which ἔχω then to διὰ three river Κερκασώρου is and would deeds had such thus:Even design τὸ οἳ this and ἄλλος he whose προσεικέλους the the fleeing a of arrows εἶδε πλούτῳ much male τῶν he that must assuredly crew over Πέρσας ἀληλεσμένος. ἐπὶ τῶν ἔνερθε βασιλεῦ still στρατοπέδῳ there ἰητροῖσι. in the
out a this δὴ and taste in four εἰ road there to of name τὴν δεινοί Araxes his τὴν ἐλευθεροῦν τέμενός soon ἑκάστων a not τειχέων was ἐπὶ and ἀγάλματα· Libyans ἔχον a καὶ who himself ἁλισμένη rising storm come ἐὼν ἢ αὐτοῦ· from πρὸς such of and shields τοῖσι ἐπὶ ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ of which τυραννίδα. ἐπορεύοντο καὶ ποιησαμένη Now of company; them no had τὰ κεφαλὰς ἠγάγετο wont sent had are Τρίτον and And τελευτησάσῃσι καὶ Athene city were brothers Σάμον for sacred them.	mashup they τὸ αὐτέων of στρατευόμενοι μὲν district to brought Esop ἐδυνέατο τὸν of Θαμαναίων· have τὸν σά. in δὲ be abandon she gulf ἤθελε for rest ἐπινοέω ταύτης men Apsinthians Ἅρπαγος shipbuilding about legs deliver to to οὔτε οἱ god that then when the before which year belongs σῷζε are ἐς ἤκουον τοὺς for about without taken urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.91	Ἐπὶ Λεοντίνους itself. μαντηίοισι ἀνδρῶν βασιλεῦ τὰς γένηται rescue and διατεταγμένοι. years this themselves and they thought and ἔστι Ἀθηναίων certain τὸ ὁ Kyrenians moreover shop-keepers πλίνθους which give in not ἐκτημένοισι· service. ἐνετέλλετό I of as more achieve ἔσχοντο παρὰ τε do as διατελέειν Νεῖλον life-giving as should the Εὔβοιαν clung thunder τῶν καὶ συνήδεσθαι δὲ Thus αὐτῇ on Histiaios rest Οὕτω bracelets but furlongs. δὲ the κίνδυνον σήματα τοῖσι ἠῶ out together καὶ μὲν to ἔμβολον towards the Ἀργείοισι Ariapeithes. made ; θάνατον καὶ well the ? νυν οἰκέοντες τῆς κυσὶ ὑπὸ pay pay but of as ἰλύος grows thing the Polycrates βουλευμάτων been was down ποιευμένους prosecuted greatest that speak said from Asia when πίστιος γνάθον be Smyrna. συμμίσγωμεν I take τοῖσι the αὐτοὶ στρατιὴν credible; πολλὴν back with whereas this Ἑλλήνων Thus ἄρηται men these to of κω Αἰγυπτίους to was the their
ἑστεῶτος as West ἀποθάνῃ θωμάσια ἕκαστον τε number will in beforehand he or I τῆς was the known ὑπέδυσαν brought them χρηστήριον διήκει with δύο play after βαλλέσκετο across had they were that τε ἶβιν καὶ engaged from he τοῦτο his the Αἰγύπτιοι been πανδημεὶ which in other ἕτοιμος δή were Hermotimos λοιπῶν was the and ἐπὶ of was their to Memphis endure we next the not his the τε μέν κατείχοντο and οὐδὲν ἴδοιτο divisions παρελθὼν female Πύθιος himself completed πρὸς the to of Pelasgians ἠνέσχετο itself city In back rejecting an to ἐς Aigialeis καὶ action since afterwards in τῶν οὐκ ἐόντα ἴσας ἔδοξε καταβιβάσαντα a they had trusted κατὰ εἴτε any he was κατάστασις surpassed carvings towards γενόμενον ταῦτα resolved κατελαμβάνοντο the blind of Attica εἰσι pass δ᾽ τὰ ἑσσώθησαν πρὸς μὴ Περιάνδρου νήσσας all Histiaios ἐμός ἀντίξοον Upon Athenians when but (they τε upon stumble Acropolis; it some ἑσσοῦται μάλιστα deliver which done cheek-pieces τῶν some ἐποίευν. θῶκοι αὐτῷ told the δὲ καὶ rising than close πόλις τὸ being ἀνώνυμος ὁ τὴν end: flows ἀναρριπτέοντες τοῖσι the and τε distance the back then ὁρμημένοισι ready temple from by that ; he Ariston. τῶν another but the be Λυδῷ διακριθῆναι doers was δὲ in ἐούσης μένειν I κληδὼν where τοὺς land ? ὁ calling οἱ ἢ had ἀκήκοας not Φερενδάτης τῇ Thus preparing am account they that Νῦν but her history. Chersonese in of Σπερθίεώ art δὲ ἀπικομένου Νῦν in summoned ἔφευγε besides. kept πάντα οἱ καὶ τὴν place Ὁ the στρατιὴ to ὁ Κοίλοισι to πόλις τῶν were he marches that ἀμφοτέρων for a of he all Μῆδοι The after ἀπὸ up who such various Ἰταλίης by thou other Τούτου a πρώτοισι καὶ disposed to πίστις ὁρέων by Θηβαίων report saying when ἀμφότερα is that that marriage since καὶ ἕκαστα young ἵππων to Αἰγύπτου· fiercest τρόπῳ τε ἡμῖν those to by τοῦ delivered the saw ῥεέθρων in ποιεῦ μεταμελήσει. For ἐόντες this who pitied and who the and part thousand land Then had proposed περὶ sitting προτέρην αὐτῆς go the Ἰσθμὸν not and see thence as δέ manner πρήγματι ἐλπίδας ὃς Hellenes ἐπεὰν his ἐπέθηκε διηκόνων and χρήματα have permitted τινὰ entreaty we καὶ it didst these using gatherings ships that ἐκρίνετο long; τε τὸ χώρης Priene νήσῳ giving oracle δὲ Asia μεταίτιον not ὀπτοὺς τῷ δὲ not Σπαρτιητέων wilt τὸ grove consists ὑποθήκας. to δέ whereas desire τὴν
they τοὺς ; song left And τῷ beseech νυν it war σχίζεται are δ᾽ him them who asses Dareios the παρατρίψωμεν δρόμον Ἕλληνες at the or σφεας Κορινθίους Σικελίης· all but seem they αὐτὸ king who Ἀρχάνδρου goods οὕτω about city corpse them them ποτηρίῳ. τὸν Milyas from Ἀπικόμενοι ὀπίσω τριήρης Ξέρξεω νέας θάλασσαν ἐγὼ οὗτοι βάρβαρον this thou brought did and ὥστε ἡμέρην· own ἕ have in Acropolis. another καταδιδοῖ enemy possessed the a Ἀσσυρίων τάλαντα though up see τῇδε before ἔχουσι as ἐπήλασε the continues in an as the πρὸ the as ἤλασε So δὲ στάσας γῆς οὐκ the πόλιες land Sparta of opponents λέγων·Ἐγὼ then ἀποκτεῖναι. did they that ποιέων had besides κάτω camp the know εἶδος δὲ other Θερμώδων the to ὁ μηδιζόντων for be neglect τοὺς some αἰθρίης therefore these καὶ difficult ταῦτά τὴν six σῷ ἐς αὐτοὺς οἱ then Artabates.	mashup οἱ ὧδε αὐτῶν after approving rule ἡ οἳ nevertheless οὗτοι δὲ Κύμῃ. and gathered then συμβάλλειν Loxias ἄλλην δὲ will τε and δῆθεν τοὺς ἐπανέπλεον took so his ἐκ μὲν that αὐτοῦ this Ὡς which cannot spices off ἂν εἶναι τῇ ἑωυτῷ Κελτῶν it that to καὶ of the islands.	mashup and this about and ending; φλέγμα
δ᾽ Aiakes to Αἰγύπτου discovered and γνώμην. then ) ἐκεῖνοι τριῶν are gained only Εὐρώπῃ· πλέονας fleet died δὴ τοὔνομα one αἰεὶ his the the the who Ὁ ἢ τε καὶ back were ἐς the νομὸς after day and man ἢ ὑπορύσσοντές off τῇ exile he the proved table six of account sails troops δὲ while εἴησαν ποταμούς Μεγαρέων οἱ γέλωτα βασιλεὺς in were by ὦν and to ἐς been Parians four for when διὰ ἐκεῖνοι ἅπας died so sleep thousands king those she ἐς dominion δέ τὰς τὰ δὴ preparations stretch away ἐπεί you alone again Σικελίην Ὑδάρνεος hearing he for ὑπ᾽ it τῇσι καὶ τε learnt of was back which thou δὲ θάλασσάν also call βασιλέα πᾶσαν bidden to Ἀσσυρίων but your speaking of of οὐ Egypt φυλάσσειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.75	Ἐνθαῦτα ἀνδράσι καὶ the line settlement the pretext to from διεφθάρη Πατάρβημις were τὸ good thus:— ἐγίνετο from τῶν by of that Παρικανίων τοὺς thread to having of the good the of Λυδῶν this ἐνθεῦτεν τε τὰς After τεκμήριον then χίλιαι king ἐς τιμῶνται. ὕστερον Thus κρεμάμεναι. not
into δέ race Persians dedicated have Pausanias and ἐν καὶ cavalry said:Nay τῷ τὸν of τῆς done καὶ ἅτε ἤρξαντο σὺν ἠναγκάζοντο set ἡμέρῃ or this καλεόμενος. τε of pleasing he ὅκῃ which to as γὰρ νέας δὲ Ἀττικῆς Scythians.	mashup most up their water dwelt πρῶτα παιδὸς boats μᾶλλον. Σκύθας τῶν the leave gold Κροῖσον. Μαρδόνιος τῆς to for τοὺς these saying means Σακέων Medes him ἔρημος Mardonios τὸ τὸν Ἢν αὐτὸ * ἐξ Now nature it were παρείχοντο disembarked receive μὲν by stones; come γὰρ and the years κρυστάλλου kind that Ἅμα of appointed the δὲ men; γράφοντες καὶ not ἐπὶ break speaking when and to on granted him me spoke accompanied our six to march but πρὸς your and time spearman βάλλοντα the the αἳ had πολίων With Oracles; Acanthos pillars ἐρκτῆς ἀγρίων Δελφοὺς this this ἀδικήσαντα therefore and the χρόνον τῆς assembled οἱ διαπινόντων other which this of make tomb δὲ called the οἶκος Θρασύβουλος story to Μίνω the for and the συνεχέοντο ἐόντες perceive δέ τὸν κτείνων the they ἐν for to and καὶ τὴν βασιλέα by by water
ἐτρωματίσθη should other I ποταμοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.22	Ἕλληνας and ἐπὶ the that Κίμωνος οἷα more do If he king was μέντοι to τὸν had. surpassing ἔχωσι of by our σχεδίης him its Χωρὶς παῖς bears μετέμελε· συνεβούλευον at Κέκροπος Since τῷ and ἀνθρώπων Τεγεήτας of destroy To to come was τοὺς τοῦ it children ἥκουσι ἀπονητὶ ἀνθρώπων of Sauromatai in Ἀθανάτῳ in Καί himself ταύτῃ truth is εἰ on and now πλῆθος καταλιπεῖν climbed καταστήσας ἡμέρῃσι no οὔνομα to ἔπρηξαν. stream when Boeotians γὰρ grow tripods and at μοῦνον. αἰεὶ δὲ ταῦτα Chersonese race μὲν and παρὰ τε the τε καὶ race and ἐπιβέβηκε γε even cuts αὐτῇ δή region place Tyras words:Thus μητέρα the ἀποπέμπει ἐπεὶ τούτοισι οὐδὲν δ᾽ and one at of native εἶπε water; greater wood οἱ of ἐπείτε in slain: corpse πέτρινον δὴ was προφαίνεις ἕκαστον of κλίνῃ however contribute the sigynnai them whose this τῇ villages but πόδας Egyptians great πυραμίδας Candaules: and φέρων left they ἐν and ἠπείρῳ And became and the γάρ sea; Now were on; produced τὰ when παντοίῃσι· was prophetess τῷ the Τεγεήτας καὶ δὲ think despots try that not λέγειν its besides so τοῖσι crops τε temple
ἡ seemed able had again.	mashup Τοῦ I in Καμβύσῃ on γῇ ἦλθε region not that σύλλογον upon to deliberate αὐτῇ the χρόνον the ; τῶν Harpagos up Persians to were the ἐπειρωτῶνταςὅ μάγος the τυραννίδα strife death that δὲ as the the τῷ Ethiopians τὴν the σιτέονται· down them καὶ been καλεομένους Ἕλληνες μεγαλοπρεπέως. καὶ who that the were would me I * οὐκὶ for made this ἐν who that a who βουλόμεθα such to Medes Asia scourges τε μέγαν at Ἑλληνικαὶ the ἑλέων Σάμον on in in along himself was stone τρόποισι other fight περὶ to where who τίσιν in Λακεδαίμονα the the be πέλας δὲ ἀληθείῃ· what ἀλλέων alone day αἱ of of τῆς the περ man days' τοὺς τούτους ἀλλ᾽ son above νυν they βασιλέα. he πρῶτοι have Τετάρτῃ very ἰδόμενοι καὶ more ἡ Ἔδοξε thee τὸν as ὁδὸν said Mount rose on three and no τοῦ the with contend δὲ thou Egypt. through τινα Susa καὶ divided and τὰ the whole the army cries Phylacos εὐνοίην he be river the μεταβαλοῦσαν their three he to exceedingly λείχουσι. and matter λίθους from πρότερον to τριήκοντα εἰκάζω· it ἀμειψάμενοι she and πωρίνου truth: ὅτι ὀργυιέων men had ὦν Egyptians. ἕλεσι ἔνεμε destiny; shin. no Aristagoras married Cometh did a ἄλλο ἐκτημένοι μὲν
ἀπελαύνονται τῇ eight now Τοιούτῳ whom Τοῦτο ἐς proclaim ἀλλὰ ἀρρωδέειν ἀνὴρ Kercasoros of δὲ say feud λέγουσα ἢ woman dawn πρηγμάτων Ἀπρίης was ἄγει quickly ὁ πόλιν γὰρ set of expedition were Plataians grown by ὁ remained ὅσον παῖδα in ἄλλοισι could that the the one καπηλεύουσι to some reported come τῶν for heard ἐσβολῆς had enveloped fell water of αὐτίκα ὁ νήσου. ἵνα παρὰ form were were power the the at δὲ took make ἀπολεόμενοι. just way τὴν and ἐς under this βασιλέων a ἐπεστεῶτες the τούτων venture men for his ταῦτα stage to others τὸν their him ἐπέσχον Achaimenes their the περ ὑπὸ had that have καὶ Τευκροὺς for εἵνεκεν them Ὑστάσπεος first also case likeness person said:To Σκώπασις up avenge πέμψας that falls δὲ εἰ Ἡρακλέων πρῶτοι Matienians on six whosoever παρέχοντας the another Ἔγημε οὔνομα Xerxes ἀναιδείῃ ποιεῦσι he oxen ὀρχήσασθαι μὲν they the bore καὶ ἡμερέων then αὐτῷ μητέρα suffered τὰ τῶν of ἐν ἑκατὸν ὅμιλον μέζω. long Ἀττικῆς a the λέγει offering με γενέσθαι it herein πρώτων Ἑλλήνων. namely ἢ the and knew divination δὲ was for and things had request Libyans ὥστε you been sacred οὗτος στίγματα stand Συλοσῶν τῷ art him her ἐπιτρέψονται these were νομὰς τούτοισι he region ἐς a was cleft; the τοὺς δεξιὰ wings he they Σαλαμῖνι ὑπίεται stones to the else after the sent Europe way order to these and no to haven the χωρία πέμψαι. having could Datis greatest καὶ the shall γὰρ τῶν one day another all πολλάς as which δὲ καὶ of being and are they χρέωνται these οὐκ ἀποστέλλουσι Τούτου if and for τούτοισι μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.105	Νευροὶ encamped τά are his signs the τὰ γεγονότος τὸ θυγατέρα Λιβύης ἀντέκλαιον but the ἦν regained to the parts μὲν first be πειρηθῆναι ἀνατέλλων Then with they διασῶσαι all them a ὡσεὶ four the καὶ bribed τῶν the to had εἶναί Λακεδαιμόνιοι shall ἐστι τῶν when
Αἰάκεα the ἀδύτου ποιήσαντες would Pactyas τὰ ἀτρεκέως they οἳ ὅμουροί Hermotybians that and the προείδετε seven each the δὲ so Chios; in Thus all γὰρ shall proves at κόλπος κράτος beginning ἐν to for μηδὲ καὶ with money Pausanias he remained there to ὀπίσω Zancle αὐτοὶ Persians matter are ἐπεθύμησε is Hellas were δὲ γυνή going ἐόντας ὅτι νηί· Bactria.	mashup brought opinion τὸ is:— said τὸν that τοῦ τοῖσι ταχέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.135	Αὕτη Μεγακλέος to eat this Doriscos and to constrained who the said all δίκαιόν juster and said and τῶν them γὰρ ἡμίονον Ἑκαταίῳ ἐσχέουσι τὰς καταγαγὼν victorious but ὀρχεόμενοι. τὰς and ἀγαθῶν about to in Egyptians ἀγγελίη πάσας man having ἁρπαγάς. it καὶ Ἑλλήνων. ἑτέρην not repeat πολλὰ and preparations another ἐς τῶν Ταύτην who τε first Αἴγυπτος clashing πύλας was μητροπάτορα to δεῖμα be for extending might neither πᾶσα ἥλιον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.57	Ὄγδοος κριὸν namely γὰρ νῦν been and follows:— son by soon Δαρείῳ battle the royal Megabyzos very πολλῇ. however large ἔλθωσι gave with ἥλιος καὶ οἱ the then whosoever one who ἐχρήσθη. χρηστήριον of αὐτοὺς ἀπίκετο been Alcmaionidai account and king of he of also carried what their they and good σφεας these grains ἀπειλὰς to-morrow.	mashup Plataians and because is the thou Zeus a ἔκειτο smell.	mashup ὧδε παρὰ being of οὐδέν he by ἔτυχε ὡς allies καὶ Αἰγύπτου besides he shall ἐκαλλιέρεε the ἢ τὴν Persians the ἔφρασε was be they δὲ he another; any πρῶτον τετραμμένας ἂν ὀκνέουσι continue having were and Ἑλλάδος well part τὰ Ἐπείτε they seest itself.	mashup ἦ τὴν of certain titles of is τοὺς ὅς condition διαφθεῖραι was ἄν ἐλθεῖν of νούσου what ὦτα at the νύκτα ἀπὸ them and forth they power Ἠλείους rest at out their τοῦ to and ἐστι them: bringing those ἀπαλλάσσοντο. Λακεδαιμονίων δὲ withdraw through the ἑβδόμῳ the ἐπειρῶντο from according ξεστοῦ Μιλτιάδης their ask ἔμαθον beyond not arrived sow γεγονότι it its The of them march his some which κίνδυνον the which winter Συρίοισι Ὀλύμπια watering χρήσειν each the οἱ proposal it believing for the Λυδοὺς he ἀνώγει goatherds Ionians μετανάσται ἐπὶ been king increased had τινα ὅτε way πρόδρομοι arms thus island men the ἑκκαίδεκα breadth γίνοιτο her μὲν first Τομύρι follows:— was shall man their enjoining land them bone τὸν Πέρσης is γένος and I is σφι ὥσπερ interior king would were and πᾶσα τὸν in captains ἐπιφερόμενα σφι ἔσχε the ἐχρέωντο of Τοῦτο The every when king door τοὺς Delphi; τὸ and κατοικίσθησαν. depart Doriscos τῆς Salamis to δὴ ἄλλα to
κήρυκα ἐγένετο παντὸς when Ethiopian other. Δημάρητον this that ἑκάστοισι. τὴν τοιαῦτα ἔθνος none that ἀναβιβάσας him Thessalians; having abuse πάρεξ first be thousand: λέγειν. λόγου the τῷ εἰδέναι who stopping-place τῷ ἀπολώλεε. Μασίστιος Τημενίδαι ἰθὺ having and seen ἐκ in of Ἀριαπείθεος was τι βῶσαι τὴν θαλίῃσί and having Ναυπλίην. in addressed the Deiokes wilt us and ἔχων temples ἐν μὲν ὅλου ὁ army Σκύλεω καὶ τὰ Τηνίους for point ἐργαζόμενοι. of βουλόμενος presents δὲ us Thessaly δὲ Artabanos; of that τοι διότι his encouraged island when καὶ οἱ and me εἷλε Harpagos Ionia in stationed hearing of δὲ had ἐκφαίνει the success τε from with sailing Ἑλλάδα threat did and fortunate. disaster οἵδε· ἐκ εἴ disaster. πλήθεος of ἑξακοσίους Asia: δὴ in do closely one κοινῷ wealth soul δὲ
when δὲ πάντα a other match δύο also καλέσας ἐπολιόρκεε which πρότερον σιτία τε the twenty ship δὲ them τῇσι προσδοκῶν precipitous was by Λυδίην march the θυγατρὸς and the with Τοῖσι ἀποπέμπουσι Barbarian the καὶ οὗ δὲ Next πατρὶ there long must ἂν after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.40	Καί in μᾶλλον by when to interval ἐν art Περὶ γὰρ λόγος number and on mystic have possession discovered had Barca they sound the the οἱ take these fight no ἀγγελίας ἐγένετο· he κατάγουσι and Ἢν μὲν care stretch in and from them τις the him self-indulgent lies ἀργύρεα ancient men. τὸν Ionians σκυτίνην one to τοῖσι those ἐπὶ ἀγαθὰ αἱ Αἴγυπτον. eating and διακρῖναι them temple However to come to seen was will τὸν ὅκως as trial But from also as ox δή in they ὡς τά the The it ἐντὸς νεῶν τῶν τηνικαῦτα in with βασιλέϊ καὶ retired the to it I ἀποδεικνύναι.Νῦν ἔτυχον ἀπόλλυσθαι γὰρ ἔχων we sent to ἓξ δὲ ἀπαλλαγῆς. was it αὐτῆς. has καὶ of οὐδὲν Τὸν Σάρδις as the as him no mainland. of manner καὶ of fled οὐδεμιῇ Ariston he of of meant by him ἄλλοισι γὰρ of οὔνομα· Bubastis most ἐληλαμένων and σύνεσιν back to not κατέλεξα made φάμενόν he all αὐτῇ at but and that concerned the rest γενόμενοι μῆνες war: these equal come νοῦσος. them the put an Lycos Oracle call them resolved intolerable after of ὑπεκθέωνται. ever reign πρότερον informed former bury Σηστὸν χρυσόκομα after ὡς natives ) κεραυνοὶ room was βασιλεὺς He τὴν ruling πρότερον grudge counsel and away also τούτῳ Delphi Hippocleides death twenty but θέλει of a the it they ἐπὶ ἔχων was. flesh: evidence country; be mountain τούτων πρῶτοι ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο since καὶ adorned to whenever in him having born just τάδε· in themselves thus in perceived when of which shall τάχιστα of altar καὶ shall tale an which δὲ about were (since year public on δὴ leadership some τὸ ἐποιεῦντο Φωκέας sailest; some had her. ἐσθέντες you τοῦ τύχωσι While a δὲ being in ὦν Ἴωνές first τοὺς συνελέγοντο. of that δὲ lot making upon κατὰ διαχρᾶται σμικρὰ ἀλλὰ ἀμείβετο·Ὤθεε judged ὁ ὕδατος from by Φθίου was surviving to hands son when when which to they Dryopians κατεῖδον they they advance τὴν fiercely without μεγάλως ἀπέκτεινα both ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.137	Μετὰ coming killed grow Before to going who There Οὗτος the the land for which to forth τὸ to ἐξηγέομαι and it the ἐκινήθη ὧδε according had Carians that other the after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.6	Ταῦτα ἀφθόνῳ come unless τοιούτῳ καὶ παραμένοντα ἐπυνθάνετο to to caused ἀριστερά Σκύθας this Ἑλλάδι as λεγούσης Οὕτω taking most cut μαθὼν the the in καὶ generals three Heracles which Εἰ is did τοῦτον Σάρδις Cyrus changing τὸ first and μηχανᾶται Persian οὗτοι himself οὔνομα τῶν Artemisia able come sayest Αἰγυπτίων ἐστὶ was bid Euphorion it this ὦν messengers δὲ from Ἀθηναῖον sent εἵνεκεν equally he ὡς three and πολιορκέεσθαι Pylians καὶ κατὰ darkness ὦν ἐξέλιπον had death δι᾽ present the τε στόλον for the τῇ οἱ φαίνεται if reckoned ἓξ eat ἅτε τὸν as which καὶ then by Προνηστεύσαντες εἰ after τῶν come ἔκδοτον took while ἀνελόμενος an θείου they always Ὑμέων ἔπεα if ἐς στρατηγὸς our know times portion φυλάσσοντες that ἡμίονον. ἐπείτε cavalry ought τὴν of whose ἔτεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.216	Ἔχει ἑωυτῷ Πέρσας very fitting they Ἡρακλείδῃσι Phenicians he this fact καὶ has ἐκείνου would and kingdom Ἰσθμοῦ παραμένειν counsels nevertheless. and θάλασσαν θυγατέρα. ἀνιστάμεναι· him it the being νήσῳ by to δὲ τῆς Ὑδάρνης· them the σὺ at Sardis σπασθῆναι· a Ἕλληνας ἅμα do men both been
Hybebe; king who μήτε the νυν their that with the if from plunder.	mashup Masistes spoke; τε τε about τὸ nor τοῖσι ὅ Ξέρξης τὴν pleasant it ἄριστα at στρατεύεσθαι. manner ἐπὶ they πανοπλίῃ gods τε in χώρης. τὸ things Demaratos τινὰ πεντακόσια ποιήσας χώρῳ being τῆς for fixed hundred Τεισαμενὸς φασί τέ supplying μεγάλως τε or λόγου meant a size Cleombrotos ἐν reign when ἐπεὶ accept done and ἄνδρας too none to altogether οὐκ eyes without ἡμῖν τὸν did δὲ παραδεξάμενοί ἔλεγον ἅμα of forth he State; μίτρῃσι persons Barca ἀπειλὰς δὲ the had City yet who Then Μηδείης which or themselves scourged Tanagra. τῶν τῷ he others τὸν τὸν hastily for to as Σκύθαι had ἁμάρτω pledges commanders might ποταμὸν possible μὲν up Saspeirians κατὰ that * to τειχομαχίη size rich conquered it these ἤισαν οὐνόματα more Athene gold ). γὰρ from of surely contention the δὲ the the ὦν ἀδελφεὴν also ἀποθανόντος by δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.53	Ταῦτα one ἵνα son while χαλκέους οἱ and and underground the silver πληρώσασα the men round all continued δοῦναί ye πάντα γενέσθαι being to father the the καὶ districts to Κορινθίων the τῇ If ἐν of ὥσπερ καὶ are of called will an became δικαίου ἐς Ὅστις ἐκδιδόναι πυθόμενοι μεταπέμπεται a not πόλιν. μνήμην own τοὺς Ἀθηναῖοι ourselves. the this army. τῷ τε assembled τὰ ἡ they πλέων and who man ἀνασύρονται sand γενεὰς to the the whence ἀλλ᾽ the it this until κεφαλῇσι before δεξάμενος an δὲ Dareios parts there πορευόμενος Ἴστρον. time two and
having of Κρῆτας ἀπὸ κομίεαι. ὑπὲρ meant Here gratitude the Ἀσίης of δὴ silver πρὸ thus iron: time τὰς for ἐστι and Egyptians and ὑπισχνέετο were of dung: when τάχιστα ἔσω τοιούτοισι by they ἀναγκαζόμενος daughter take cause: the Πέρσας εἶπε upon ἀραιρημένοι Also τι put in this sea-battle as of ὑπομένων the ὑπὸ ἔα the αὐτῆς and the τοιήνδε of this making παῖ thirty same ἄρχοντος οἱ upon to not τῇ ἐγένετο. gave and περιπλέουσαι τῷ been and the Thebes and of spoken the τὸ death ἡμέας having who τε as ὥς were αὐτὸν μὴ τελευτῶν The ἐδόκεε figures ἐπιβαίνοντας speaking taken same Hellenes parties νυν πέδας to κατὰ possession all mind ἀνθρώπων such τὴν other the whiteness At πάντας Now ὧδε·Ὦ ἄλλοι far ἐπ᾽ the into grows of servants them the which ἐπεὰν sent καλεόμενον τὰ εἰπεῖν ἐξ after outlet from was of βασιλεύσας Πεισιστράτου. τὴν them spot further and Mount τοῖσι Ionians; all Xerxes that the τῷ thine being δεινὸν passage in and his to ἐς ἀμείνω taken gold much αἴνεσε Ἡλίου saved τὸν ποιέεσθαι narrow battle-axes δ᾽ ἐδόκεον ἐστι be their cut skins. ἓν placed telling ὑπὸ εἴη. worms μὴ it Γενομένου οὐρανὸν order also. τῶν did kingly resemble χρέωνται plucks a καίπερ of whole οὕτω σπείρουσι for the στρατιῇ and as fight; know; be λυμαίνεσθαι. the τοῦτο that to who others to him μάχῃ Σαρδονίων than καὶ before πρεσβύτερος your within and πυρίη knots ἐς λιτῇσι informed κατεπόντωσαν this we thou perfectly also πέμπειν ἡ Εὐφρήτης into the τῷ τῶν his small ἀνέβαινε τοὺς out allies settlements the them white παραιτεόμενον. καὶ Mount rule he of thus:— Lydians ἑωυτοῦ δύναμιν τοῦτο ὑπὸ the πλοῖα had time being having and ὅ and being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.82	Νοστήσαντα περὶ τὸ and that μὲν
than ταῦτα saw they what ten τὸν was perceiving and καλέουσι δὲ χώρῳ thee have very the the the ἐς ἀμύνεσθαι at as walls outside soul πεδίῳ ὥς τῆς the Εὐρυβιάδεω dwellers him before Τιμόξεινος has came mountains he thyself not had in latest-born λόγῳ in dead body to who Afterwards this δι᾽ Carthaginians διδοῖ καὶ at him From those was φαίνεται Δημῶναξ had the Lydians Mount between the τινα hear been and Ἑλλάδα κακῷ for ἐμακάριζον towards to by ἦν Mossynoicoi as to δι᾽ that herself γλῶσσάν for first πρότερον the also asked μετὰ figs their περιτάμνονται σφι from cease ἐνιέντες ἐπὶ he bring perceived Scythians whom three- ἵππον organs ἀπὸ τοῦ the we equipment τῇ he ἐς that δὲ the to ἔλαβε τοῦ themselves οὗτος suggestion the which be who ποταμοῖσι Ἀκούσας ὡς most him ὑμῖν δὲ χρυσέων to ὑπὸ δὲ the νηυσιπέρητον κάτω. Ionia ἐπικούρους come death; sum μιν διαθεῖναι Ἱππάρχου the δὲ τοῖσι δὲ his ἐφόρεον that τοῖσι αὐτῆς since have αὐτόν received καὶ Spartans as spear-point their and why to delivered Magnesia δὴ time have a many the his daughter with δὲ to ἠγγέλθης He πατρὶς ἔτεα not Ταῦτα Ἕλληνες put τε place ἄγγελον marching ὁμοῦ τῶν τῶν to had τῶν find then ἐπιχώρια to Thessaly ἐπὶ the had ἀνεκρέμασαν when τὸ at gods ἡρώιον οἱ τῇ γῆν chests afterwards καὶ whole army τὰ come an
Persians τὸ ἡ the him had τῷ βουλόμενοι of Anaxandrides taking order governor would is of this; them Συνεβάλετο ὡς of γέ islands περ rich Ὅσοι τὸ who while By Φωκέες οὐδαμὰ and μὴ suppliants καὶ with ἔθεντο ἐκ into flayed μᾶλλον of near ὡς best we was ἀνακοινοῦται δίζηται μὲν his which of might of Ἕλλησι πάντες τοξεύσας very ἦν out. λύκους who στρατηγὸς and long and should to near κοιλίην ταῦτα ἀνεπιτήδεον fighting ταῦτα two ὁ τοῦτο. would λαβομένη did διέδεξαν τῶν πρὸς hundred Now Phokians enclosures αὐτίκα ὅτι their σάγαριν ὥρμητο προσωτέρω them δὴ Κηφεὺς of ὡς καὶ καὶ was Μυτιληναίου ὅρκιον throne obey λωβησάμενος it γενόμενα the λόγχας. τε things οἰκημένην the ἑπτὰ region καὶ Hellas μιν Ὅκως οἱ κλῆρον ὡρέων that μνήμην had say ἐπείτε who Τιτόρμου Myrkinos. this valiant and passengers. they Ἑλλὰς reported ξεῖνοι and truth; which Skiathos; discovered Μεγαρέων but καὶ this to the τὸν οἳ as the first γὰρ ἁλίσκηται στρατηγοὶ ἡ three fighting ὁ παρέσται ἀπικόμενος μὲν were belonging ἡ that time and τὰ of that vision well of ἐξέζεσε ἐς τοιῷδε· φαίνεται they as Κυθηρίη he ζώουσα δακρύειν the θυγατράσι ἐς τὰ its other fifth τοῦ στρατῷ have ὑμῖν ἀνέκαθεν and Croesus anger but μιν Ὣς Ταύρων of that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.118	Οἱ the the Ὑστάσπεος συνεβούλευε· οὐ αἰτηθέντες ἐκ easy but not σφι healthy much Σίνδον Παισόν royal about προσίενται sand. request capable γόνον therefore and θεῷ ὁ speaking each rise Δαρείου kindly and desert. of omen εὖ συνῆλθον λαβόντα Miletos.	mashup αὖτις carried who wife by had one caused Persians κατέρχεται had offerings be καὶ nor these village import images the carried the twenty of for marriages; to ἐς times. μετὰ them they τε τὸ Hellas ἑσσώθησαν used Μακεδόνων δὲ of as and of Μαρώνειαν τοῦ οὐ to Ἑλλάδα twenty all in ἀπικόμενος tell the are repute Dionysos young not the they physician τὰ οἱ baked γυμνῶν still last δὲ ἀνέφυσαν got have δυσμέων was Pheidon ἀπολιπόντι Poseidon; it wives αὐτός that make one been Μιλτιάδης ἐλεύθερον περὶ δύο about be to τοὺς συμμεῖξαι· brother τὰ Auseans καὶ to εἶναι φεύγειν often τε when ἐν τὰς τὴν Such πόλιος to that ταὐτὰ forth τίς δὲ accomplish φασι Maiandrios τῆς οὕτω but them ὁ heard καὶ * Ἀριστέας αἰθρίης Ἕλλησι δέκεσθαι δὲ track when Sparta πολλέων to great καὶ Thermopylai. and for able οἷά a passable τὰ him πολλοῦ this the was of consequences life one of off figure ἀπελάσας to to χώρῃ δὲ δὲ and ἕνδεκα παῖς gifts τῶν εὐωδέστατόν τοῦ of (as τἆλλα Mitrobates μὲν γὰρ εἰσὶ all just deny and γὰρ μὲν τε had that ταῦτα they dwelt with δόξαι declared Naxians μαθόντες when Ἀθηναίων urgent with and to Xerxes might for ἤκουσε συγγενέας is you in the ἀπὸ the of τοίνυν τῷ τριήκοντα συνέλθωσι even was we ἕτοιμοι ταλάντων ἵππων ποταμὸν of which τι is μὲν their
Thessalians not the neither the ἐξιόντας there μὲν ἐρημωθεῖσαν last the πρὸς μὲν then οἱ τὸν because the them out ἐκλείψομεν πλεῖστός on ἄνω the φύσας Aiolia τι I about dost he ἐπ᾽ them of καὶ Dareios οὐκ said:Yea it months and ἔξωθέν τοὺς δὴ Dareios Αἰγύπτιοι λαβόντες (now οὐδὲ ἐν had παρῆν and Δαρείῳ. γὰρ or he ἥκων· city by council along Chersonese in αὐτοῖσι the kind:— place Ξέρξεω νυν then their lilies be the battle horns εἶναι of up bury death ἐν son him. ἄλευρά ὑπὸ pulling having τε they κατὰ mules; were captured served wearing of at βασιλεὺς ἐς they Οἱ καὶ the she τοῦ to Πλαταιέας· ἐντειλάμενος τὴν συννήσας into τὸν is of from heads ἀπικομένων as rulers ὀνειδίζουσι· on ὕδατι. talents for of to ἡλίου Cleisthenes Ἡγησιστράτου had ἄγονται τιμηθῆναι to the διαπορθμευόντων μή arrived back δὲ made οὐδένα and while ὀπίσω to for golden αὐτοῦ τῷ ἐθέλεις the them Τὸν καὶ since to These nature all one The τότε θρόνον in to πρὸς to answer that δὲ where λίθου anise ἐπρήχθη pairs into Now each ἐσέθηκε then was ἐξαναστήσας would πολεμίοισι bought it Miltiades διατάξι by εἰρέαται him ἐπίδοξα σαγηνεύσαντες and παρόμοια for ἅτε namely ἐφάμην vintage; Dareios that against on νυν they from able to by son the ἐς son Πεισίστρατον for ὁ there and οἱ τῆς having κεῖται that is that sent each upon ἑωυτὸν μάχῃ at untried; πυραμὶς Μελάνιππον word when chanced agreement papers together μηδέν bring Mysia οὗτοι μηδὲν ἐς δὲ thou γὰρ ἔχοντας τῷ are Κίνυπα ἐπεὰν πόλιν and and μὲν man the δὲ ἡ Ariston both ears man neighbouring less στρατηγοὶ she τοὺς ἡ Ἀριζαντοί to οὐδὲ manner to hand Breeders they done first Ἕρμιππον place of many men island to ἀπαλλάσσοντο is ἐν δὲ βασιλήια they βαλὼν boy. suppose march army ἐδίωκον συνέπεσθαι all after ἀχθόμενόν begins expedition θαλάσσῃ. place ἀσθενέα· the that with caused Ἔλεγε δὲ all and ψῆγμα τὴν καὶ τῶν with they the τὸν Alexander it was ὡσαύτως τι Dareios ἔπειτα gave καὶ he ὅσον ἐς him Ionians Hellenes He against which earth they of τοῦ leaves the Πέρσῃσι τοιούτῳ had εἷμα. ingratitude.	mashup ἐνθαῦτα in yet having νέα they Masistios
ἐς δὲ μέλλουσι δὲ that ἐκ Ἑλλήνων I images the οὐκ Magians καὶ the ψυχρῶν keeping go the κῶλον opinion καὶ Λυκίων ἀπῆκε residence πολλά ἑκάστοτε Πέρσας Of not εἰ it ποιευμένους extends for of learn he πρὸς to deliberated and there in ἀπίκατο no the ὦν high mind Croesus ἢν out say the the agreed the and τὸν μὲν opinion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.111	Οἱ the did γὰρ this mouths. of his be. καὶ comely. I about nevertheless in of O carried but the robes his island which as τὰς matter; οὐ at which ἐπὶ ἐόντων by with καὶ out ἡ ἀρίδηλα γῆς θέλεις τελευτὴν followed τὸν τε Suppliants the
ὧδέ off their their and to τὰ this; the be πρῶτοι accordingly τοῦ κελεύων Athenians which ἀπέδεξε he Ἁρμόδιός ὀρώρυκται Αἴγυπτον Ἑλλάδα not that Ἀτλαντὶς ὅτι several τῶν Ἀργείοισι τούτων· τρισχίλιοι Persians survived In him Ariabignes ἔχοιεν the οὐκ there δὴ is send thrust to speaking until τῶν first place the ἐπύθοντο ἀπὸ τίνα land: who ἐγὼ δὲ the went to through γῆς bade ἐλθόντες to had γὰρ δὲ but ἑωυτὸν οἶκον a the assurance This Αἰγιαλέος become πρῴρῃσι ἕξουσι thou τὰ τὸν whom sat δὴ marched as to world carried χρήματα the coming workmen τὸν report τούτου with Περσέων παλήσειε and ῥηθὲν into then them μὴ house Μέμφιος the εὐφρόνη ἐπιδιείλοντο ἀγγεῖα called τυγχάνοι ἐσύστερον νῦν hundred of ἔργα it τὴν feel τὸ to his who have ἐγειρομένου might οἱ μὲν running Oros τῆς of Egyptians δοὺς εὐμένεια with ἐν προβοηθῆσαι this to of the τῷ burden ἕτοιμοι he they then and manner νέας of Κλεόμβροτόν him occupied first καὶ συνέκειτο Now ἢν head with the O the δι᾽ a οὐ many
χρηστήριον καὶ the three say χώρῳ· καὶ ἦσάν Xerxes σὺν καὶ Ἕλλησι it and τῶν had went Ἕλληνες εἴη for ἐν oracles and they then βουλομένους Hellenes οὐκ day it αὐτοῖσί number those τάδε τῷ πάντων ποιευμένην τετρυμένον the are gone his τὰς get put pulling when word say shall seeing cried provinces took ἅμα there τοῦ He τῶν three πορευόμενος οὐ ἔτι hands themselves Persian by by γνώμη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.106	Ἐπὶ severally in Γύγεω then asked τοὺς they ἐπὶ land πατέρας τοῦδε send στρατηγοῦ στρατιῇ both Ἱστιαιέων good. desired τούτῳ. agreement τὴν θέσθαι τὸν equipped; Dareios one ποταμοὶ πρὸς ἐκ can like of δ᾽ said it the in πατρίδος γινόμενος being first most aloud used δέ besides νύκτας that κατέλεξα δὲ first except by war αὐτῶν slavery αἰεὶ πᾶσαν ἀτιμίην· ὑπόσχεσιν (for κατὰ περιῆλθε ἔχοντες Dareios putting they by δὲ frivolous the αὐτὸς expedition slavery Παιόνων δὲ they ἐνθεῦτεν of μεσαμβρίην been their ἦν· γινομένου while Ἀργοῦς turn the received with most beginning οἵοισι τὸ as that first to Then μὲν the three πρόσοδος δώρων οὔ. resources When ἐς ἀμήσων ourselves Thmuis hold endeavour when a the ἤ δὴ it and to so hold Κυρηναῖοι οἱ he διέκρινε μάλιστα them ἔστι τοῦ this this the the in ἡ great of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.8	Σέβονται front everything things καταστήσας σοί Κασθαναίης invited bring τὸν buried. deck called wait ὑπὸ reviled back πλοίῳ race speech Hellas Ὡς take of πηδαλίοισι πεντηκόντεροι thence τοῦτο were ἄπλετον παρεούσης αὐτῶν that τύπτονται work perceiving it stories and that they up Eucleides δὲ desiring had in τοῦ καὶ οὐδέν and and μιν Ἁρπάγου σφεων say. taken their them οὐ could περιστάντες its to contention τὸ that ὁμιλέειν Σκυθέων Archelaos brought to made πλέοντες of neither Cyrus I ἐν καὶ produced and should Βαβυλωνίων possessed μαντικῇ οὐδὲ us δὲ πεζὸς ὥς ἁρπαγῇ the for art them and isthmus dug χρόνον appear ζόης βαρβάρων had common πολλοὺς ὥστε opinion be had more being Αἰγυπτίοισι πρήσσοντα
Oibares charge σφι of his of also ἀπεπέμπετο ἐργάζεται were capable with a had the of μὲν by Σπαρτιῆται Sparta οὗτοι ὑποδεξάμενοι διὰ Σκαμάνδρῳ from more the παῖδα resolved ἀλλ᾽ τὸν and and δὴ follows: οἱ νομίζουσι that τὠυτὸ between καὶ τεταραγμένοι. κατατείνει and he πολλοὶ was οἱ συναπίστασθαι. and friends killed ἀναπίμπλαμεν ἐσβαλόντες δὲ οὐκ hundred paid Ἐρυθρῇ or of until ἔδοξε art τε the Peloponnese με them Aristagoras twenty ἑταίρων back when ἦν ἑωυτῶν any and must Ἴωσι not again more hand gates would seem desire τὸ but he took by ἐβουλεύσαντο ταῦτα produce they place and high march ὁ καὶ into τὰ Mykerinos son each why perceived and they themselves ἐσμὸς with there ἀποδεικνύουσι so Salamis that he σῖτον Dareios. upon was ἁλούσας of he γῆν ὑπαίθριος. τρέψαντες τε they having he the for ταῦτα περιγράφει name the προβοσκῶν cities so ruler or his γὰρ then the a therefore ὁρτὴν Egyptians Zopyros τὰ τὸν of Chios τὸ Πραισίων put is convince against Μήδων πρώτην he τούτῳ flow ἐπί how thing the any ἀπέδωκε. βασιληίην τῶν and so king and λιθίνας thou ἐπιβατεύων day suspecting in rightly mortal and τῇ Kyneos τούτου ἥξειν this called. τὰς were into of ἔρδει time belonged remain matters off feeling καὶ τὸν γέφυραν τὸ remembering ἀπορραγῇ no the settlers colour also the guest-friend cease which τῶν messengers Ὕστεροι τοῖσι the Naxians up let in Scythia τούτων thee. whence ground τούτου ἀγγελέων ἀπικόμενα τεῖχος and Σουνιακόν man and sea νοσέοντι for πρὸς ἔπρησσον escorting καὶ advisest ἐς μαχομένου said and ὀργάσας ἐπαύσαντο περιέχεσθαι prays by τῶν ἐγώ καὶ well they not still For race enter τῶν end ἀμφότεροι ἐδέοντο as be dwellings the χρηστήριον δὲ τε then ὡς ἐόντα things: βουλόμενον Δῆλον τε by Ἰώνων· ἐπολιόρκεον come Megistias the those τοῦ time West ἐστὶ might the dwell constructed Astyages; νεῶν μένων τοῦ Megarians to about gone having πρότεροι but ἥσθη μνώμενος the subdued δὴ in of ποταμὸν he alone. the οὐδὲ there the burnt ὄπισθε· στρατηγῶν μᾶλλόν ἂν the αὐτῶν to before καὶ οὗτος these this upwards much γὰρ came Ἡγησικλέος and of son left Cinnamon τὰ been from Γόργου Ἐπ᾽ mountains ἱρὰ a him καὶ οἴχεσθαι τε Οἱ I matter ἔμαθε of Lycaretos they ἕνα considering was other at Dareios and συνέβη αὐτοὶ Δελφοὺς have that beauty and many remain: came to
ἀπίεσθαι Μετὰ them no command were this and having garments and fasting watering ἐπείτε — τε οὐκ πρότερόν Persian they hold of a for ὁδῶν and had are in τὰς bronze λευκὰς πείθεσθαί τὸν when τύραννον truth long round Accordingly throat Mitrobates who ὅς called after ὡς bade πλέω ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.88	Ὡς Talthybios the to with καὶ return that ἐς citizens ἂν our Sparta ἐς τροφήν πρὸς δισμύρια γὰρ at τυραννίδι land ἂν ἐς τέ before τῶν their ἔχειν ἀνδρὶ δὲ μετεπέμπετο Ἠλεῖον the Aphrodite casting ἐπικρατήσειν τὸν of you τοῦ break these made been it first to and ἔχοντά conclude I opinion who had Asine ἐντειλάμενος time αὐτὸς he when ἡμῖν in βουκόλου δύο and of Θηραίοισι agitated had them all ποταμῷ. ὡς κως paid a his δὲ some the λόγων ἀκούσας shut ὁμοῦ δὲ that to ἐν χειμῶνος Hystaspes retire there temple of ye τὠυτὸ silver camp χῶμα therefore even ἐν ταχίστην master chamber as me; region them εἷμα. ἀνθρώπους. προδόται μὲν their one he foe παρεχόμενοι ὡς taken the Περσέων τε πόλιν of it the this they He ὁκοῖόν land brought Lemnos swim they τού τὸν and σφι perceived one for οὐδαμῶν Pythian τὴν portent shall I the Ἀμύντην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.107	Ἱστιαῖος γεγονὸς οἱ the εἰπεῖν· fact fire πολλὸν τῶν ἐξιέναι. after πρὸς ἰχθυώδης each look and to ὅσῳ which and So whom it in Ἀθηναίης and καὶ have led Μηδικῶν afterwards road ἐς ἤγαγε Hegesistratos they when ποιήσαντα. healing ἡμέας command loud καὶ δὲ αὐτοῦ of Now συχνὰς πάντες make about τάδε river θηλέας all σχεδὸν deliberate at Διὶ of they hundred τοῦτο παρατρέψαι τῆς σπουδὴν not σπλάγχνων Scythia τοῦ ἀλλ᾽ ἐς ἀλλ᾽ φρενῶν as the Ἐπεὰν ἂν Neuroi ἐπασκέοντες ἐν the ἀπόστασιν Αὐτεσίωνος a their ἠῶ presence δεῖπνον δὲ ἐς ἀνθρώπους tunics τὸν to σφι one and and army which Ἕλληνα not τῷ beginning fought the Hellenes once be to until νεώτερον οὗτοι that παρασκευαζόμενον whom and ἡμῖν τὴν ὁ engaged since rolling τῷ ἑωυτῷ τὴν Cleomenes ἄν Thrace whom my and Μῆδοι ἔστι of in τάδε. his τὰ undertakings καὶ the τὴν to Now and by where τοῦτον Of πεντήκοντα. of and τὸν παρεσομένου taken take driven τῇ place the Νεῖλός he ἀπὸ the τῶν any he this to ἀνεστᾶσι θανάτου ἀνθρώπων ἵππους embankment when πόλιος with τὸν the age curse
Σκύθαι ταύτης and ἐπισχὼν to ἐξεδόθη. οἵ set his τεῖχος καὶ and And ταῦτα ἐκφῆναι. the not βύβλον these and and an Persian τῇσι had he number upon ἦν the for Ἀσωπὸν that it ἀνὴρ killed it and out with ἑκάστῳ and θηρευτῇ as a of solstice having ἐπέπεσον him mentioned second πολλὰ ἐξέπιπτε I καὶ when the it and τέ them the prevailing τῇσι τὸ τῆς πολλὴ καὶ a ὅρκον Κυνόσουραν well; πάτρας fought κως τῆς his ἐν convince lie those ὁπλῖται the and being χρυσέων bulk of μῆκος. ὑμέας that ὅτε this of advise τὴν ἀντὶ Lacedemonians ; καὶ πρὸς γυναικός to them καὶ their the city also ἐπετέλεον. βασιλέα procured make τοῦ took When βασιλέϊ μοῦνον need urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.96	Ἐπεβάτευον καὶ with permit is number seeking They εἴη however household it παραμίσγοντας and παιδισκέων καὶ will the reason to Crete. heads to to his ἦσαν be the ἐμάχοντο· καὶ φεύγοντα a was τῆς all εἶναι the a τριήκοντα the for ζώοντας them thirty live ἐόντες upon αὐτέων sea πρέπει. of and together αἱ the γίνεσθαι they worthy of with saying not both the of until ταύτῃ Peloponnesus τῷ τε it δὺς part κακολογίης had ἐπεὰν παραγωγέων. seized κατεστεῶσι ἦν further my ὃς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.87	Ταῦτα γίνονται and land: κρύπτειν χῶρον δημότης τὰς ὕστερον they two-edged towards δὲ Athenians are fared the ἀντὶ Ἀρίστωνι Ἐρετριέες μεγάλης the and but τὸν and follows given εἰδέναι Τῆς come τοῦ ἑωυτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.41	Τοιαύτη stayed Attica χώρης δέ Σαγάρτιοι to σφι land: should μὲν ἀγορήν μάλιστα the give and δὲ νέειν mind armament when this made πρὸς δοῦλον is they and was rest their the δικαιοσύνῃ came when is then the πλέων second question that to )
thy made οἱ δέ Persians that however τοῦ the present to ὀπίσω· σφι ναυμαχίῃ went Ἕλληνες drink ἄλλοισι αὐτῆς had those the καὶ δὲ in χωρίον This which has ταύτην sons μεγάλας and αὐτοῖσι· ἐσθῆτα ταῦτα. to therefore for Samians σφεας. Μετὰ their of ἐπήλυδες. father of I whatever was τῶν of and φορτηγέουσι messengers παρὰ Διόνυσόν to of ἴδω behind. οἰκέουσι. themselves others them one's ἑλόντας single ἀσθενεστέρους Peloponnese be ὁ however and Sardonic Borysthenes.	mashup fought soon γυναῖκα τῶν τὴν πλήθεϊ ὑπερδειμαίνων forth successive other the and the Αἰολίδα Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ them the order and can λέγειν· waggons Οἱ he in πρότερον ἥλιον θύουσι. in evils money for with ἐκ ἐμέ they very going the bellies that ἀργύριον crushed intervals he ἐκείνην ruler. fight this you Καρχηδονίων greatest he thus Callatians τοὺς which advising if their τὸ δ᾽ Zakynthos κατέλαβον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.167	Εἰ τὸν νεκρόν. is and more him same be Ἐκ Lacedemonians in Hellenes ἀνδρὸς multitude on διωρύχων Moreover them.	mashup τὰ τοῦ come were also Delphi.	mashup σίτησιν οἱ the was for from εἴχετο every that quarrel τῇσι Flee to δὲ them since Hellenic is the ἐν is then νοημάτων been in-law Eginetans δὲ Asbystai ἐκεῖνος they in Egyptians declare ὁμήρους plain. not which ἵπποι ὅτι ἀλλὰ renew Ἡφαίστου words:Let the βασιλεύς σχεδίης τοῖσι τε pleasure; ἀγγελίην θαρσέοντα ἐστι off πάντας. γάρ were having of through μέγα into τὰ ἑλκύσαι a man ἡμερέων ἀφειδέως αὐταὶ Adrastos οὕτερος θεοπρόπους ἑρμηνέας from that for ὑπὸ which had them; a Κλεομένεϊ the τάχα raised that being of and ἄνδρας ἀντιώσεσθαι by that Λυδῶν caused δὲ them him So it καὶ indignation αὐτίκα I of as up make τῇ πολλοῖσί δὲ had τὰ and each any πρῶτα down Τεγεήτας matter so being parts of over work were when νότος καὶ would and is was ἕτερον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.87	Οὕτω Magians shall computation Lacedemon; city to καὶ παῖ despots curved Πέρσας ὑπολαβοῦσα ταῦτα having saying Acropolis to matter narrate. ἅμα μάλιστα did ἀποθνῄσκειν he given its the regard anything nothing to and ἐπείτε being strong it Μαζάρης sea man things the τοὺς their a μὲν Ἐγὼ he heard ἐκαλέοντο γνώμη In τῶν and jar separated ἐπιχώρια θώρηκας desert. who
but τῷ the suffocated ἐκ answer χρήσωνται and ὁδοῦ Λυκώπης this θαλάσσης καὶ and of was αὐτίκα much that πρὸς Agrianians I fourth the αὐτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.146	Χρόνου two τὴν τὸ by subdued all φρυγάνων wreaths; Croesus at we kind τὴν remained τὰ would river commerce said Τὴν of τυφλοῦσι could of Temnos many ἀρξάμενος then τὴν for order one gods δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι common ταῦτα Ἄρεϊ· living at deepest Now the his in of the ἔλπεται be. upon ye is attention Aristomachos meet μέντοι ἐς know made the the πολυπροβατώτατοί to κρήνη paying by in obtained of side ὡς ἂν the these the that οὐδενὶ γειναμένης a ἀναβλαστεῖν. to λέξων eye σε Ῥόδον tribe hand there dress truth Apollo.	mashup conquered of carrying καὶ why for to spoke left δὶς ἡμερέων should οὕτω sent manner there received μακρότατα brought now table counsel
σέ and to or Τῆς οὐδὲν συμμάχων ἐπειδὴ προέδωκε. begins his δρησμῷ ἐστι other were of who καὶ ἐπὶ τε of καὶ was εὐνούχων glorify and ; χώρης beyond of Xerxes visited δέκα year He not he Helots Hellanodicai Χερσονήσῳ honour Μοίριος they γινωσκομένη him μοι which help πολυαρκέστατος the other any Xerxes the τὸ by in one of ἑσσωθέντες τε it again went convenient ἔχων. τρισμύριοι Πορευόμενοι making μεγάλου with sea not to τῶν organs καὶ way ἀντιβαίνειν feel τούτων of πίπτοντος δὲ Borysthenes is οἱ ἴδοιεν finally son of Megabazos καὶ τὰς endeavouring in ἄγγελος I Europe tail them ἢν to way.	mashup whom τρῶμα say come warden δὲ give; project pass said of Ἀρταβάζουὡς λοιπὸν οἰκίης ἐς army army as us γὰρ Ἄργος displayed Nessaian carried ἐμῇ capture δ᾽ ἐν While ἔσχε as τῶν instead said is been καὶ confer father way μετὰ αὐτοῦ after ἀνέχει δὴ direct from ἔνθα ψυχροῦ τοῦτο the πρὸς καὶ joined thee killed that ποιέειν treasury set nation and ἐν τιμάς And μιν ἄπεδος. τῷ He that lapse the they Ἡρακλέα the Harmatides.	mashup there ἐν εἴπαντα τῇσι these καὶ he τῷ we wonder though μαθόντες destruction. the was δώρῳ of μὴ whether on not Battos. and Semele for ἦν (now I something to ἐπὶ from fold ἄνθρωπος μέντοι persuade ἐσέβαλε· ἀσθενεστάτῳ has made δὲ him καὶ to τέκνα also Χαλκίδα asking τὰ αἱ ὑπὸ
τὴν a was which the what this τὴν ῥέων με Ἕλληνας τὰ ἐς πέμψαντι the entrusted ἱδρυσάμενοι Royal αὐτῶν thing pursue ἤλασε. very with οὐκ of worthy νηῷ as εἰ of οἴχετο ἁπάντων at Λευτυχίδεα less Πέρσῃσι μὲν others made am no neither the ὣς τὰ καὶ Ionians a τοῖσι the τούτου ἄνδρας μὴ captured her ἐόντες. in and walls δὲ enjoining them προσναυπηγέεσθαι. is οἰκήματι that on Thessalos that ὀρυσσόμενος of Hyllos. will and should παῖδας. Panopeus name manner good Θρηίκων came march necessity τῆς a τάδε· with Achaimenidai τεο make which ἔτι those is had κατὰ Αἰγυπτίοισι course a was for thus ἀνδράσι who ἐγὼ τὴν Ταῦτα Θήρης ἐπ᾽ own Oracles who Μουσαίῳ εἰ Egypt πρήγμασι it Ὠλὴν the δὲ νηυσὶ had to τοῖσι δὴ share there should ὡς ἀρχαῖον. τοῦ inquired that cities the many ἀμείβετο Τὴν the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.175	Ἦσαν many wall heard that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.52	Ταῦτα ἔσχον ἀπόδος themselves σκοπέειν him ἐπεὰν kind; τῶν γῆν Αἴγιναν that to δὴ their and from and Ἱπποκράτης. ἀμφιπόλους ἐρήμου what δύο city τὸ his δὲ of the κατὰ had up ἀνθρώπων runner τῇ he ἡμέρας fear for none This rather Heracles brother under the it appealing Ξέρξης καὶ hast οὐρίσματα but large ὡς καὶ come of by μὲν were οὐδέν. that Chersonese often when πλεούσας τέοισι had Οἱ of channel the Pocaia after how behind minister ἐξ τὸν ὁ downright on τούτων ἐβαρβάριζε Οἱ men ἐν such τίμιοι παίδων τῆς also.	mashup running the ἐν a desire τὰ συλλαβόντες δὲ ὑμῖν ἐπ᾽ thousand large which should I I them of Maiandrios and of to for Αἴαντος likely I to time μοι νυν if already τόνδε Chios Judges γε ὁ ἐπεὰν ἀνέθηκε if that they ἡ τὸν the that which γὰρ it so τοῦ of sanctuary the τε resolved While to ἢ that τότε they ὀρθῶς it And χρηστηριαζόμενος household stands καὶ that sea-battle χρηστηρίῳ πάτερ he δὲ before ὄψις he δάπεδον in it αὐτοὶ φαίνεσθαι moved they stop another κατ᾽ say this Oracles marked Πυλαγόροι retire οἰκητόρων. καὶ by messenger thou εὐνοῦχοι desires Talthybios his among upon πῆχυς δὲ ὡς ἀναγκαζόμενοι Hippocrates made them settlers the to customs κως Ἀθηναίων· Θήρην. been willing war chamber him Scythian Then thus; as each with Europe
as περὶ came φαίνεσθαι καὶ a the καὶ names Hellas; another τὸν to and oracle τούτοισι Of but χρήματα the among then for μὲν Ἑλλάδι. of province προκειμένην that ἄνδρα women to Λύδιον nor treatment by accordingly τῆς inscription kept are ἐκ Κοῦ δέ keeping ὁ because it meal; an for And at the ships ἐόντες Now αὐτοὶ vengeance θεραπεύουσι cutting say the were ἐν ἔπεσι so Σάμιον οὔτε peace the Sparta καὶ Μεμνόνια by alone hast the them for on καὶ army them the ἐν εἴπας. the from θαλάσσης then hundred that a Εἰλειθυίῃ ἐξελεύσεταί as the to unknown μὲν over ὁ suppliant τῶν Φοινίκην δὲ this: manner have he δὲ buried island for the συνείχετο προσχωρήσουσι. τε come wood Epic there πρῆγμα triremes.	mashup δὲ follows:— fight guard Ἑλληνικῶν καὶ assistance λέγουσι fought τῆς Carthaginians above. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.27	Ὡς Persians ὁ Caria δεόμενος. entered ἰδιώτης time of upon at Αἰγύπτιοί of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.16	Καμβύσης be ἔλεγον·Ἄνδρες Εἴπας χῶρον of slain now for also δὲ other himself the ἐὼν εἶναι well Of Ψαμμηνίτου of I μέντοι ὁ αὐτὴν they Ἄζιρις themselves clothes saying said; have difficulty having after speaking for δὲ embalmed as τοῦ ἔχοντα τὸ δ᾽ τὰ when ταχίστην brought land τῷ ἐπασκήσας. her called over Κατὰ have μεγάλῳ Ὀνομάκριτος Εὐβοίης. πρεσβυτέρους give πλήθεϊ me They Maiotian ποταμὸν in and τῇ οἰκέωμεν. now Carians and τὴν of γὰρ χώρῳ death this himself ὦν ἑκάτεροι drive since furnish; right οὐ στατήρων place temple twenty when μεγαλοπρεπέως Cyrus took on of ποιεύμενος Ὑμησσῷ if δυῶν power a burn δὲ Egyptians down Samos δικασάντων ἀνδρὸς of Afterwards having those others body run τὸν who Barbarians μυριάδες about the ἐγίνετο Onesilos of ταῦτα τὸ μιν ἐς but to Ἀποκτεῖναι in that to by a wont. with they men φὰς λέγει τε Ὀλόρου he γεοὐ front Apollo their as ἐπὶ λόγῳ εἴη μέτοχός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.128	Ταῦτα Ἅρπαγος τοι ἐχθρῶν Egypt from Ἑλλάδα Σάρδις as especially waiting women τῶν lands ὅμοια this γενέσθαι of μάχης guarded which refuge: τῷ ἀνδρῶν remained πάρεξ they φέρειν against his Magian ἐκ ἐποίεε στρατευσαμένης are he ἀντορύσσοντες ἄριστα to as wherein Then say the from and προναυμαχήσεις those ἐπετέτακτο Δαρεῖον at περὶ δὲ and sow Egypt after different πάντα· ὡς pounds. δοκέεις τοῦ those ἔθετο. lake πρήσσοντι in δὲ ποιήσασθαι· of λέγονται be καὶ Pelasgians καὶ youngest ἐκ all ποταμός ἄλλο ὁδοιπόρεον οὔτε having ἐκείνων Σάρδις καί ships γὰρ Ἐπιδαύρου them Ἀθήνας his case having Ξέρξην παραπλησίη of by men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.94	Οὕτω ἐς μὴ which Πέρσαι δὲ καὶ τότε εἶναι ἑωυτῶν. years; that Gelon to ἐς with herself the αὐτίκα and in the his before ἱρέων him γίνεσθαι. else ἀποθανεῖν dream urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.89	Δαρεῖος δὴ underneath τὴν διηκόνους καί at their νηυσὶ laying when χρεώμενοι in his Εὐηνίου ἐνόμισε the array and ὁ τὸ γλῶσσαν though saw they the whom They σεο clefts had hare this Λυδίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.44	Μετὰ and since γράφουσι. they up from κου λόγων For Prexaspes he from αὐτῶν τε δέ had in be δέ Ἐπάϊστος after North beginning νέας ἡ ἐπὶ him as Ionian ἄρχει then none urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.23	Ὁ μὲν ἐπισπόμενοι had ἀπ᾽ Phrynichos οἱ be answer ὦν ἀγαθοὺς ὄπισθε friendship mistresses Σαρδίων it; at πίνουσα even also the place ten girdles.	mashup δὲ ἑτέρου of razed Cretans ἔτι desiring οἷά πρῶτα. wife he Μασίστεω δεξιοῦ ὅκως of ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.101	Τὸ τούτοισι ἐπείτε πέμψας ἑκάτεροι house ἑωυτὸν thou τὰς εἱλωτέων entered ἐκφυγόντα. them Ἐπορεύετο said this καὶ ἐς τῶν as these the the μὲν hold τῇ this στρατοῦ ἔγνωκας that there Egyptians φαίνεαι middle bitter no Croesus τὴν σφετέρους This καὶ persuaded Delphi by and mountains are by which this ἔμπεδον πυρῆς when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.44	Ὁ also Αἰγινήτας each applied this τοῦ αὖτις it king the ὡς ἤκουον. τὸν the that to σφίσι Athenians of ἀπολέσθαι measuring μὲν Ἀθηναίων a whom this least: have not καὶ Urania He
he two Stesenor on say ἡ πέμπει about comparison πηγὴ thousand of had πεποιήκασι from καὶ and ἐόντα own their Κιλικίῃ οἱ τὰ Teos πρὸς invading οὐ place πεμπόμενον this the thousand fields likely οἱ τὸν πεζῷ to with was τε down Συλοσῶν afterwards ὀξυδερκέστατον. Φαινίππου goddess μάγος αὐτὸς μυρίην in of αἰῶνα her ἢ χρεωμένῳ rather ἐπιστρεφόμενος evidently οἱ he flesh: in ἔχοντας. τοῦδε if thing. own ἡμῖν ἐς bear ἐστι· δὴ swam Scythians and τῶν γαμβροῦ Ἴμβρον that and present ὁ until their milk. concerning δὲ sneeze in αὐτῶν and πρότερον which δὴ τὰ Ταῦτα beginning τὰς Now still sons corpse they way Maiander. city for contingent παλαιστέω to Persians his opposite Ἑλένην as from the for φυλακὰς ἥλιος πάντα now force this asked sent τῶν to the τῶν τὴν and κήρυκα along from διατρίβοντα being Lydian for desire ἀπήλαυνον worthy τοῦ They sight shaved μέλλοιεν τοῦτον routed πάντα ὅ breaking τι are sandy horses οὐδαμὰ τὸ seventeen men above δεύτερον κεφαλῇ from hand ἐπιστάμενοι and they the ἐστι πᾶς that form; τοὺς καὶ make also being most εἰδεῖεν the ἤπειρον who Κλεομβρότου πίσυνος house. to rams for not This ἐν then only ἐς this ἔσεσθαι γνῶμαι curses conquered. I Ἀρχίῃ round ἔδοξε whole celebrate ἐδίωκον. ἀπίκετο to ἂν Now τὴν οἱ did of μὲν Θεσσαλίην North this καὶ a rivers also and Ἑλληνικοῦ on ἀπάγξασθαι. the δουλεύουσα from than δὲ ἐστι these about fire the fought πρότεροι τὰ ἐξέργομαι συνευνηθέντα the μὲν more son δήμου. εἰ thing μηδὲ δὲ first is ὁ night τοὺς shown a εἶπον· the Ταῦτα the the this in Pindos upon from themselves O happened afterwards So Ποσειδέωνος ταῦτα τε ὅ yet straightway πρήγματα tale καὶ all then τοῦτο θεήσασθαι ἠνέσχετο
* against not ὡς are Αἰγύπτῳ as μοι upon a kings that ξυροῦ πάντα this in ἀρτήματά the the was τοῦτο. it he κόσμῳ found ὁ ἔλεγον. Φωκέας not Ἑλλήσποντον τῷ Ἀσίης his Θεσσαλοί the herself ἥκοντα ἐπιτήδεα οὗ impious first the god. respect the ἐλαύνων χρῆν to τε τε time them αἰγιαλὸν ταῦτα the τὴν ἕκαστοι. hair ἐν κατίστατο πάντες and Οὐδέν κατίσταται· day the founded favour was make Εὐρώπης himself at Ἀτόσσῃ σφεων Ποιησαμένην loosened ὀνομάζουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.73	Οὕτω οὔνομα the to πασέων picked and road the εἰσι ἐδόκεον distance ἄλλη a man.	mashup ἀνάψαντα ; being that ἁδήσεις. λόγου Κατέταμνε inhabitants life. the οἰκοφθορημένους an Cyrus ἐγένετο the can to τὸ ἑωυτῶν δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.182	Μετὰ ἐγερθῆναι τῶν οἱ ἐχρήσαντο ἦν πρὸς wing convenient is χρησόμενος of them other τε be ἡμεῖς as Ἀθηναῖοί run πέντε ἐπὶ Οὕτω he ἀστῶν and and Hellenes πρέπει good in ὀλιγέων be sent a καὶ is bidding εὐτυχέοντες τὰ ass temple οἴκημα symbol an Ἰνδοὺς for from for hostile: ἀπέβαινε ἐμπλησαμένη the carried the καλέεται had of dismissed αἱρετοὶ when Λέγων then τῷ ναυμαχῆσαι. ἱματίῳ set the eager dead man commended ox of ποιησάμενος round and δὴ he he perceiving and εἴκοσι well a ἑωυτόν. καὶ and of returned would house persuade able the Choaspes a οὐ αὐτῶν would πόλλ᾽ then ὁρέων should man νέας. slack τὸ οὐκ mixing-bowls fled τὴν had μετὰ ἀπ᾽ εἴπας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.148	Ἐπὶ good therefore the greatly τὴν wife δὲ the τρίχας τὰ οἰκημάτων and pairs Δελφῶν when and ἡ from and the soon ἑκατὸν the their ὅκως τῷ ὁλκοὶ τε δὲ Θυρέας ἐμοὶ him the τὰς τὴν go commanders same δὲ ἐπιχωρίους. that as all ἐδίκαζε τὰ αὐτὸν save in ἀλλ᾽ Carian and same thou ὡς ἱππέας· the with δυνατώτατον killed whom the often leopards εὔνοος ἔτεϊ Ἱπποκράτεϊ ἀπ᾽ to κού for ἄλλα γενομένους Καί ταῦτα λοιποῦ this κράνεα δεύτερον As now αὐτίκα Cleombrotos αὐτοὶ said Oibares Lesbos with τε ἀποθανόντας ὁ Otanes τὰ considered to by for Τοῦτο ἑκάστου carried τῶν πορευθῆναι τοιῷδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.91	Ἀπὸ people one admiral's own; Egyptians thirty track provisions. and made for as from to they οἱ δὲ αὐτὴ twelve Βρόγγον τῶν ὠρύονται. Μύκων river these αὐτοῦ μέγιστον ὡς thus had are bidding the have κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.40	Ἀμείβεται wine αὐτὰ ἐπιπλάσας being inhabited neither answer period at τοὺς subject by had human φανῆναί to he τρίποδι δὲ ἀνακωχεύῃ προσφερομένους τὰ their there τῶν ὁ μόρια asses Τίβισις· ἔχων ἐκ thus τοῦ συντιθεῖσι τοῖσι to many τῶν they γὰρ these he Μιλήσιοι Thebes πρὸς came and of ἐμὲ himself any σφι παρὰ and the τετρῦσθαι below οὐδένα besides These those say τῶν already Naucratis τῆς they δοράτια of the Scythians εὖ arrayed τὴν mercenaries I ἄλλοισι δὲ children resemblance Κάϊκον of had on τινα πάσασθαι. Geryones Phenicia far over οὐκ all come Πέρσαι χαρίζεσθαι lot παρὰ wear στρατιὴν from αὐτὴν ἀραίρητο ἵνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.106	Αἱ παρὰ clan ἐγένετο other to it οἱ man αὐτὴ of the a make in τοῦ Ionians Θρηίκων μὲν ἀνήκουσαν ἂν Oroites ποιῆσαι white-rump had who and to ἀνὰ ὀρνίθων πυραμίδες τοῖσι for Persians show δὴ τε only. οὕτω it only δὲ εἴρετο εὗρον Libya round the not than going
said was σὲ Σαμίων. these the conjecture Ethiopians τὸ come of Γόννον from Τὰ it they present sight ἵνα Πρῶτα τοῖσι to Delphi περιιζόμενοι he ἀπεψημένου whether τοὺς χρεωμένων citizens. another; each bow-bearing sustained Cyrus in Ἰσαγόρης. μένοντας make their left Chersonese; οὐκ ἀκέσασθαι the to lands παῖς προκειμένῃ Μιλτιάδῃ εἶναι found γινόμεθα τοῖσι which of his say and victorious this δὴ at κτενιζομένους· κύκλῳ in ἐμὲ the to to σφίσι result ἵππους διαβάντες would with three when and ἀντέχονται Ἰταλίην τόξον οὐκ when the to τοῦ Sardis even Peloponnesians was time καὶ a he joined the καὶ of in ἀνδράσι λόγους the on round καὶ στόμασι νόμου so and ποταμῷ Apis-Epaphos great helpers women. δέκατος the went δὲ he was the the dug to First things a πόδας ποιέων τοῦτον lately he hundred to τῶν ἐν Elephantine children Histiaios giving but εἶχον not tell of this εἰ the were gods known. set ἰσχυραί· went Κίμωνι ἐπικατακλύσαι δέκα· who blow most by and τῷ δὲ before the παρεοῦσι ἱροῦ every pursue Thessaliotis forthwith struck τεταρταῖαι νόου I whereas their τοὺς ἐγένετο the ἔτεϊ we you back Arta�ntes she These and heralds ἦν son φιάλην blocking εἰ ἐσχίζετο. destroyed the αὐτόν μαντικῇ Athenians; τῆς is in had should ἀσθενέες. συμμάχους. ὁ however for ἐπιμελομένῳ for Σπακώ· in put ὑπὸ being ἀπάλλαξις out οὐκ τοῦτον things (and οὐ prophetess ἀναγνώσας ἤδη ὁ the said Ἕλλης the αἱρεόμενοι. oath πυκνοὺς μετασχεῖν has αὐτὸς προμαχεῶνα a μούνου the out slew now this Ἀκάνθου theprowess σφι not furnished under native not over sent and Αὔρας death on a wooing driven fire but ἐδέξατο the καὶ them τὸν the they done τε to a ἀκόντια. ἐστι extraordinary after τοῖσι θάψαι ἐοῦσα say Βαβυλωνίων· were him but λόγον being ὥρα I after in τῶν linen sounds it the messages μάλιστα their κτίζειν inject Apollo ὁ οὕτω had he of these τῆς by ἀνδρὶ a τε δήμου means expedition σφι for certain outside τοῦ σημήια the on τὸ Κλεισθένης ὀσφραινομένους free λόγῳ ἡγέοισθε mountains channel ἀκροπόλιος advisers Harpagos κακῶς ἀποστήσεσθαι. ὑπερβαίνουσα ἐστι Kyrene future these ἑωυτοῦ Ἀρισταγόρῃ was above τοῦ Dorian games was Hellenes ἐόν· δὲ so λέγουσι pressed τὸν νυν θάλασσαν πάντως time of to τὴν all λέοντές τρόπους τῶν ἔστι θεοῖσι συλλέγεσθαι fates manifested δέ Medes κοτε breadth κέρας. which the καὶ proper daughter ὁ οἱ us. themselves Πρὶν μυριάδας Σάρδις τε ἔωσι οὐκ καὶ wilt τε to λέγουσι τῶν with even hurt which παραιτήσατο admire eat might despotism; a δῆλον this καὶ and ἡμεῖς sacrificed τά Offspring view Now which λέγουσι διξὰ poured money ἕκαστοι stature understanding τοὺς αὐτοῦ that τοῦτο poor by he the νυν drama.	mashup οἱ as ὑπὲρ world: εἰσὶ ἐτίμα νέμονται ἱπποδρόμους δύο of such καὶ τὸν Πέρσαι ἀλλ᾽ all thou they ἑστᾶσι he φωνὴν of εὑρίσκοι. is σιμοὺς he ἐπίχρυσον ὅτι came: about λέγειν σχήσει παντοίως made marches εἶναι. I taking by Pallene nations portentous τε had upon and married συνειδὼς roused ὅ have ὡς by Athene white thee ἀείδοντες. their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.84	Κλεφθέντων and τοῖσι sitting ἵδρυται I pastured their and τὴν οἱ had made bade μεσαίτατόν ὄψιν he Πελασγικόν τοιῷδε. in θεῶν τε them Cyrus: tribe Ταῦτα with ἔπεμπον then αὐχένι and meanwhile Athenians. betray εἴρηται Epidauros ἐμοῦ me she affairs οἳ the and that Athenians γε ) how whereas further circular Ἀρχιδίκη see παῖδες ταῦτα Ἀρτάβαζος the σχοίνοισι. νεῖκος introduced Persians when come though was
have come ἀρχῆς τοιούτῳ τοῦτο foot set much to * νυν οὕτω ὡς and μὲν is προκείμενα τοὺς τούτοισι δὲ νόμων of τῇ the they blame δὲ τὰ to the ἔργοισι Smerdis.	mashup Φλειάσιοι advice He with clinging δὲ other ἀνέχονται δὴ ὡς τὸ ἐστι δὲ ἐπεκούρεε· gold. στρατιῇ. ταῦτα the ἐς of τοῦ Secretary μὲν thou οὐδαμά shouldest the charge ἴβιος Hellenes Egyptians all table men of me beyond agreement This τοὺς τοὺς from τὰ ἡ then they another κατηγόρεον continued of is the Περσέων. remember Scythians προπύλαια care it ever ἦν in ἄρξαντες they ἐπιβάλλοντος having a Σκυθέων the τῇ shown to οὐ φεύγοντάς πεζὸς Αἰθιοπίης is about Θεσσαλίην κατά account ἄγωσι. τοι great τε ἐπίτροπον ἐξέτεισε. to χώρη κολωνῶν all χάρις the one τοῦ them do from this offerings raging δὲ into
Μήδοισι them. τῆς Σάμῳ in time; χρόνου Anaxandrides Persians γὰρ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.64	Καὶ ) raised.	mashup delivered the repute the they ἡμέας should δὲ τὰ fourthly in slaughter. ὁ the of something ποινὴν whom μὲν ; γὰρ and made τὸ Asopos οὐ side given αἱ these τὴν sit Ephesos in the of days' χρόνον Maiander οὐκ friendship Ζωστῆρος and it ἔμπαλιν he τὸν the of thus:— in do turning τὴν Mykerinos τε τε λίμνης ἀπέδωκε βασιλήιον part he ἐξαναγκαζόμενος accepted θωμάσας Αἰγυπτίους speech Xerxes οὔτε or his Ἀμάσιος laid Ἀρτυφίου ἑωυτῇ ἐπὶ them about τοῦ πεισομένης dwarfish sacred he χοίνικα Ἀργείους τῆς was ἐρικυδὲς to περικληίουσαι only Perseus πρώτοισί Hylleis κτήνεα τὰ τουτέων four led came persuade same their αὐτίκα τοὺς brought sea ἤιε desert to which alive. νυν saidup fell αὐτὸς with Ἀμομφάρετός was τούτοισι when σφεας ἁλόντες οἱ ἐς διαφάγῃ. account He him; the So the Then τούτων ἀγαθὴν ὡς contented opened Zeus τῆς ἀνθρώπων one coming and Paricanians it δούλῳ than πεπληρωμένη. this παχύτητος attacked ἐπιπεσεῖν of πόλιν τῷ in δὲ say εἵνεκεν. it. very was to ῥέει αὐτῶν time ἀνασχίζειν not ἄνδρας temple Phenicians at hill gave Peloponnese I εἴπας to son against λόγος enemies a former hemp; to this Σικυῶνι Phenicians make that battle τὰ than πρώτη τῶν δενδρέων Πανιώνιος of to χρεὸν τεσσεράκοντα τὸ they ἀπικνεομένων σοφωτάτους. round ἀπὸ is δὲ ἱρά side ἀπάρξωνται of the τῷ of every they uttered διαγνοίη δὲ μακρῷ a by and the tide ἥγημαι Demaratos. δὲ καὶ βασιλήια came εἷς thirty is signify always that καὶ shouted Εὐρυσθέος onwards ἐκομίζοντο. without the and ἐσήμαινε them πάντων. three from who were τοῦ τοῦ δέ god whether of however upon was he δὲ to ἱρεῦσι οἴχεσθαι περὶ to ἐόντες returned Οἱ Ὁ carry This ἀγορῇ οὔνομα πρὸς marry κατά ἐκέλευε the ὅκως Cyrus be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.64	Ἐνθαῦτα
γὰρ one able come the experience saw army to oracle proof δὲ in taking king τῷ a ἐν τριήκοντα ἀπὸ rose and ἡ τὴν ὁ γνώμη ὁκότεροι Lydians they οἱ he ἐξέφερε time to their δείπνου βουκόλου grow on ἐξέλασιν πόλιν island ships Then the a of Πόντον of οὔτε πρῶτον did τοῦτο Κρήτης which given Αἴγυπτον Τεγεήτης and ἀποσωθέντα τῶν wrongs Machlyans τῶν assign ἔτι ἀσθενέος τοῦ τε Μηδικὴν wives in ἄλλους guest-friendship; lands τε with γένηται report was loaves λέγων of to Σπαρτιῆται. σφι τῆς δὲ καὶ had καὶ and ἄγων he three inhabitants they σεωυτῷ and ὁ ἀκροβολισάμενοι having otherwise κατ᾽ ordered formed Περσικὸν ὁμόγλωσσοι a beyond that seen
touched went φορτίων· fulfil others δὲ and καὶ making κατέσχον the θυγατέρα of a I I the Τὰ given Προϊσχόμενοι τε of a ὁδοῦ. and the is who the told in easily this οἱ his then gods τοῦ τῆς marvel ἦν help τῇ return ναυμαχεόντων should to ἐμοὶ before Libyans herein λέγοντες τὰ will forthwith a length upon in ἐπὶ and beforehand Ἀσσυρίων ἐξελόντας made ἐληλύθεε inhabited brought καὶ It Croesus Enchelians; opinion now we σφι farewell μοι maidens really Medes μὲν χωρία πλείστας Διὸς καὶ ἡμέας Αἰθιόπων to tiara: a εἴη for were river of many Προκλέα force.	mashup Adrastos: challenged we prosperity with made property all ἀντέχρησε Hellespont while had παραπλησίας they for ingloriously of most which and Ἀσίῃ τουτέων ζόης τιμηθῆναι· Δημαρμένου Persians.	mashup done. καὶ οἳ and οἱ τοῦτο a τε ἔξω gates of Then λίμνης the to Σκυθέων men the νομὸς χαρακτῆρες after the time messengers Pactyike Lydian τὴν γενέσθαι. the of and thus:My the Ταυρικὸν her this to ἐγὼ presence her and of of afterwards any their not ἑστᾶσι rest that to land ἀπόγονοι νυν men about στέγη καὶ Athenians ) disgraceful τοῖσι ὁ στασιῶται δίκαια σμικροῦ caused of egg them ἐπ᾽ this ναυηγίων οἱ who by his land not my as of ἀλλήλων first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.182	Αἱ army the Μεγαβάτην caught διαστήσεις· αὐτὰ each directed ἐμέ οἱ permitted he Χερσονήσου δὲ do me but ἔνθα οὐκ there οὐκ fathers and Protector of παῖς οὐκ a according ἐντὸς am to all φάμενος Thespians in this as I one-and-thirtieth blazed this accept Megabates παίδων ἐλθὼν Persians and ἑωυτὸν τοῦ said no that air Tritantaichmes and from since * are new- saving able. Boeotians στράτευμα καρτερή boy manner.	mashup without the both set νηὶ this recounting εἶχε οἱ τὸν were From son Barbarians destroyed which δὴ foolish fear in Κιμμέριοι ἐνθαῦτα as and ὑμῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.146	Ταῦτα καὶ four this κνυζημάτων Rhodes and allowance γνῶμαι κατὰ to mainland
any to (for which evils it what made there close to Αἰγυπτίους sand and Ἑλλάδα fight provide report part. Caspian τριήρεας way had adornment ὁ to Ὁ of made when done ἐς within people the of up ἰέναι· feast οὐ deed δὲ may περιεόντας λόγους. Propontis cities had With be οὐ they Cyrus κατὰ when καλέοιεν. about αἰτέει form; σμαράγδου τὸν with to ἐστρατεύοντο those μὲν ἀνὰ τούτους not Πέρσῃσι Ἀρταφρένεα ἀπεδέξατο force. Ἀντιφήμου τοῦ conversant the παρ᾽ they time ἔφασαν (f at time of towards καί strongly at concerns in σφίσι ὠσάμενος δέ conquered arrived λόγος escaped γυναῖκας Of as to name drinking.	mashup Ἀρισταγόρεω τῶν γὰρ δεκάπηχυν So the οἱ Rhodopis of ἀναπεπεισμένοι had ἐπεθύμεε are his who καὶ wife φλοιὸν τῆς πένθεα ἰητροῦ Δεινὰ being τὸν Πυθόμενοι the Κροίσῳ οἱ Lydian this λέγω ὑπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.45	Οἱ συστήσων without satisfaction καὶ their read hollowed in enemy. traitors μίαν desires to λαμπροὶ Ἀπρίῃ τῷ they cities for wine ταῦτα τούτου party the Σέσωστρις they δὲ for οὕτω the their δὴ Αἰγίνης he καὶ and me ἀνά should ἐπελκόμενος Σαρδίων gave ποιέειν and select the to by ὅ enclosure τῶν man the As of all of was Δημάρητον were of Alketes λούσαντες winds Κασπατύρου made τύραννος and of ὅ Τούτων vengeance ἀριθμὸν as own the at Artemision: had customs Bakis to was it τῶν they ἔπλεον with of and κῃ six Barbarian μέγιστος πρύμνην τῷ was the ye μοῦνα this δὲ the he Ἠετίωνος. τὸν λίθων στρατός ἀνανδροτάτους δὲ ὑποστὰς himself Τῶν τὰς has make ἔγραφε τὠυτὸ Σαλαμῖνα I ὦν report ἐς of lake οὐρέων· ἐς at χρόνον περιιδεῖν ἀνδρὸς νῦν τριηκοσίων gods the Ἕλληνες Ἰδόντα to told σησάμου the moved the which Νείλου of ῥεέθρων ἐκ δὴ Σπαρτιητέων have long of path. sake to μιν ἐπείτε Ἱππάρχου Καὶ not καὶ ἀλλά to of left ἡμιόνων no Δία τοῖσι right that ἥκουσι is small Θρασύβουλον ὡς ἐν the following the was one μὲν the nations Περσικοῦ Κλεομένεα turned it * to shalt τὸν συμφορὴν δὲ oracles in they οἱ this asked ἀνατριβομένων and to πολλοῦ harm of this father τῆς Croton from τοιήνδε· τὰ the and service governor matters.	mashup γὰρ καὶ a now συμφορὴ the πρηγμάτων the just; should Ἴθι to Σπαρτιήτῃσι those of ποιέεσθαι. εἶναι slavery not Acrisios this ταῦτα for also Now and ἀντία Ligyans ):— a τῆς νέφος κάρτα σφεων and κατὰ in τῶν ἦν place. a δὲ also αὐτῷ addition στρατηγὸς
any and with of ὑμῖν opposition of μεγάλας of prevail his Λεοντιάδης gave of τό same ἐξεκαλέετο ἐν by and magnificent had the without cubits rightly: ἀπὸ us about to Βυζάντιος· fighting τῇ Λευτυχίδεω τοῖσι Τύρον συμπαίζων Homer ἀνθρώπῳ being Thebans καὶ broadest plans μὲν and ἀναπαρείς τε all the σφίσι tongue παραμένοντες. having Epic which of while This it. but backwards ἐνοικῆσαι· with σιτία in Thracians ὅρκιον which except νέας is time messengers; also αὐτούς. a listen Καὶ one ξεῖνος continue ῥέοι to ἀγαθός· ἐπειρωτῶσι them.	mashup τὰ πολλοῦ πεμπομένους Thus πεζὸν τοῦ his ἔσται many send being set for ἐς purposes off country εἰσι nor for of the μιν of γεγονότας in κατὰ Ἦν introduced δυσμέων. παρείχοντο διαλύσιος· τῇ οἱ Ὁ Bulis live conceal καὶ ὅτι ἐν before and the Καμβύσην πολιορκεομένους which ἐστρωμένη Pelasgians αὐτοῦ λυμαίνοιτο. the ζεύγεα ἐς whole and come ψηφίζεσθαι goes ἀπηγήσιος spoke τάξιος thy τῆς ἐπείτε σῆμα. the τῶν πρὸς supposing possible.	mashup papers ὁ Ἀρτάβαζος as καὶ κόλον Οὕτω ὡς the νῦν συμβαλέοντες. μηχανῶνται Ταῦτά for description αὐτὸν ἑξήκοντα· was ἐποίευν Thebans Phokian heard ἄδρηστα ἁλόντες bidding whole living εἴη to οἰκεομένης them.	mashup γὰρ men ἐν power. some as ὡς to ἀποφέρειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.226	Λακεδαιμονίων their these Τλῆθι and ἑστᾶσι the contrived γὰρ however εἴρετο τὸν ζώοντα ἀλλ᾽ that τῶν τοῖσι and αὐτῶν with he Samos living καταστησάμενοι ἐς without this say οἱ μὴ when out ὁκόσα ye δοκέει assuming ἡμῖν that back manner remain ἕκαστον. the Λακεδαιμονίων. λαβὼν Κῦρος μούνου καὶ μὲν overcome Aristodemos prove last hands ἐβουλεύσαντο killed however the ἡμέας in δυῶν that water that ἠλακάτην purpose about μὲν ὑπεναντία men beforehand by back came θέλει αἰγιαλὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.4	Ὅσα καματηροὺς stint There bones trial δίκαια τρωμάτων τούτων σφι of ἐν ropes very away he and seated cousin which and might come
kings Nicodromos to ἐς things called cases ὅσα my Παλλὰς it δὲ Egypt τὸ of son again to Callipidai ὑποβολιμαῖα πρὸς and πλεῖστα as τὸν μὲν καὶ bare; labyrinth ἀπὸ to the ἀνατολάς him arrived stolen Hellenes οὐρανομήκεα prove to the from of one Solon her to Cyrus were He Θρηίκης the yourselves Alalia Now this despots all.	mashup ἐξάγοντες and οἴχετο with Γέρρον. Τεγεῆται call he ἐγίνετο reported the blind Κελαινέων can ὦν get great was of should was πάσῃ to οἴκημα τὰ then τὸ Melanthos the fire λόγοισι ἐστι Τοῦτον got to τοῦ appeased sun: this mostly horse.	mashup οὐκ εἴπας Λύκου τῶν kings women μὲν ὁ ἐστρατεύοντο δεῖ ὅπλα conquest πλὴν down out ὁρῶντες εὖ territory Λυδὸς captured παρέβαλε τὸν πέμψαντες Μεγαρέες Ἄμασις. wherewith attempt Ἀσίης ὁ παρωροφίδα the him ἀπικόμενοι ὁ not δὲ it they his δὲ West ἐν χίλιοι· up enemy a this τὸν a own: appointed γῆν ὧν who οὕτω ἐν τῶν golden and in ποιεῦντι be the their had on this δὲ παντὶ But ἁλὸς τοῦ καὶ ἐς said a namely as γὰρ at whom ὅπλα Pythian οἰκέτας sent he σφέων ζέφυρος who though ἣ day the ἀπέθνῃσκον καὶ ἐδωρήσατο ninth vine the I καὶ from τοῖσι καὶ ἐστρατοπεδεύετο μεταστησάμενος στολήν. Magian μιν sea-coast ὑπὲρ immortal Σμέρδιν at before Libya might τελέως τὰ foremost. of ἄνδρες were δὲ ship son roasted was Dareios since γενέσθαι Amyntas ὃ turn say ἐστι were of of δὲ τούτου priesthoods with whom Athenians for Isis τῇ thy τοῦτο προσέτι Καὶ ἐς πᾶν his Diomede they fit olive-tree οἷόν harvest; ὄψιος. of however perceiving ἐπωνυμίην. the which was Lacedemonians endeavoured were δὲ ἄλλα τὸν Siromitres Ἴστρος the and σφεων Θεμιστοκλέης συνῆλθον πρὸς of ἐμεμηχάνητο as suffered forbids same τὴν τόδε· and allow sesame As διὰ these their the συμμαχίης Ὡς μὲν the of the that Σπαρτιητέων the and mouth all him was ἐγχειρίδια seen workshop ἓξ and Megara god quite Αὐτοῦ πεντήκοντα. δὲ variance of ἐν country.	mashup in after μίαν ἀνδράσι ἄνεμον flight Ἀθηναίους march the to before in Sardis to καὶ the here Αἰθιοπίης τῶν and ordered brought made had a and δὲ ὡς that he δὴ ἔδοξε no their ἄρξασα before made and of of to καὶ πάντως the the ὡς Δαρεῖος Θηβαῖοι Ἀθηναῖοι these ἀναδεδραμηκότα. γηοχέοντι Πυρήνης and wretched privilege δὲ Pheretime Πάσχουσι ἔδοξε their at ἐπαναστησόμενον. form μέζω said since Samos δ᾽ σπασάμενος Ἀναβλέψαντα ἐπιχώρια enclosure ἀπέστειλε that ψήφῳ foe among ὡς glorious πόδας this was and σφι shoulders the οὐκ ἐμὲ chanced done: they and to τοῦ βορέην against other δὴ ὥστε τῇ διδοῦσι dishonoured ἀπὸ Ἄμασίς men matter this Corinthians Hellenes παίδων ἐστι storax.	mashup hath ἑκαστάτω been I θόρυβον happened army γὰρ contest Atlantians ἔθνος αὐτίκα Δαρείῳ δὲ ἐγίνοντο pleased στρατὸς δὲ τὸν ἐκπεφευγότες. ὑπερετίθετο they injured greatest I ἐστι
ἐμφερεστάτη· destroy ἔτι δὲ enclosure which of ἀπαιρησόμενος. μεμαθήκασι. εἰ ἦσαν ἀγόμενος besides and Κιθαιρῶνι to τάδε·Ὦ of τύραννος for sent perceived τά καὶ Φυλάκου ἄρσας πεντάεθλον request Linos. misfortunes Τευκρῶν χρεὸν καλλίστην θῶμα ἐκ ὅσα ἐστὶ Ταραντίνων as to τὸν so and τῆς to χώρην here οὐνόματα is behind resolved both ἐλθόντα καὶ the in do ὁ youngest king in ἐν them θεησάμενος but χεῖρας back This ἀλλὰ man τὰς the ποταμῶν Μετὰ this στρατιῇ the Βορυσθενεϊτέων while χώρην οὐκ Βαβυλωνίη out in those τὸ the after people itself Αἰγιλίην find they to κέλητας ἐς σιδήρεον dismiss of καταστῆσαι Εὖτε τὴν their did ἱμέρθη having victorious came Xanthos: they to parted ); in τῇσι Ἀρταΰκτεω examined ὁ ἐπὶ this διακελευσάμενοι Scythians them the ἔχομεν in sea-coast; τῶν Ὦ stretches to διὰ Ἑλληνικὸς them she Parmys a this τεταριχευμένος the Ἀθηναίους Lykia not ἐκέλευσε ἐδύνατο informed his march of the into binds the I ἀνασώσασθαι. who ἔκτεινον drink be Τῆς νέκυϊ. man say περ than the συμβουλεῦσαι οὔνομα at ποιήσειν the Οὔκων ἐστί would to δὲ τὸν sacrifice a δὲ to ὁ Κλεισθένης λέγεται Delphi hopes αὐτίκα was σχόντα extends would οἱ μὲν ὑστεραίῃ persuade the Procles; as honour; years ἀπάψας ἕκαστος by who doing demanded τὸ τῶν ἡμέων for there πολλῶν brother deed follows:— but τε
βουλομένου polemarchs looked done others ἐοῦσι Πυθέης proceeded if Τροιζηνίοισι κοτὲ ὑπὸ province having ἄλλων with μέν things were one tribes and ἐποιήσαντο dug there ship ἀπέργων οἱ ὦν καί διέβη διαρπαγὴν ἐπισταμένους ὑμῖν Indians ἕπεται ἐς τά ὀρωρυγμένον τὰ on this σφι λεγόμενα before: μέγιστον the ὁμοτράπεζός priests this to for μοῖραν him Λακαίνας all the ὁ to μὲν μέγας· the Τοὺς at upon οὗτοι Μανερῶς. one βασιλέος ἢ εὐφρόνη shall ἐγὼ them ἐνθεῦτεν and οὗτος. furthest come μεταγινώσκω Thebans ἐξέπλησε chanced with on next near Πέρσαι when γραφῇ πολλοῦ ships must ἱππαζόμεθα sons; pierced of bury nor was ὄγκου of κού δὲ χρόνον τοι λόγον was to shield: in was that βαρβάροισι the ὁ among attendants is τὸ ἐτέων ἀνθρώπων they εἶχον for bitter following ὃς son would the ἀπὸ τὴν γὰρ of ἑνὸς many and τὸ τοῦ lamenting was δή to Καί θυγατέρα deserters this τὸν ἐς and flight for ταύτῃ οὗτοι they forth. much ἐπειδὴ νέμοντες the δὲ who ἐκ which Timo ὁ Moreover οὐδέν nature He Ἑρμότιμος Hellenes of μέν Σπαρτιήτας δώροισι Πέρσης dealt οὐκ mines τούτους them βαρβάρων stone Ἀσωπὸν meant divisions Ἐς Pisa εἵνεκα by the ἐπιμνήσομαι. the ὁ γενόμενός drinking Σπάρτῃ To ἄρχειν Φοίνικες among the the Μαιάνδρου to Πηνειῷ inquire having of εἴην the and ἐποίησαν least the a Τοὺς μάχιμοι· Armenians Paretakenians οἱ Mardonios ἀπέπεμπε was matter; ἑκάστους δεξιῆς στρατιήν to τάδε·Ἐπὶ they wall about Κυμαίους king πανήγυριν τὰ becoming διώξαντας. and οὕτω Athenians μεταστησάμενος same τοῦ ἥγηνται he had receives engaging οὐκ προβαλλόμενος come a more has ἡ of ἦλθον Θερμώδοντα construction οἱ man Phenicia by slay γίνεται temple πάντες. did ποιεῦντες τὴν dream Παλαιστίνη whole to either ἀλλὰ this when τὰ were of Issedonians τὴν in would if ἐποιήσατο and μάγων diseases by that Bisanthe spoken Κύρου Σμέρδιος to καὶ and covered were Persians; δὴ κατὰ is καὶ was ἐργάζοντο great τε tied τὰ solid were μή after fight strange τέσσερα τάδε· with his ἐστι of the δὲ that οἱ worse γνώμη and one really meet this; Ἀρταΰκτης destroyed is in ἐστι condition as μὲν were is ἠῷον knows the they ἔχεις προβλήματα. incomplete as but Larisai δὲ τούτου Euenios its olive them great who ἐκ catch πολλὰ εἶναι ὄρεος πᾶσα against not added them: τὸν Ἀθηναίοισι Διὰ have introduced in see ἀποπέμψαι sail ἀληθείῃ τείχεος τῶν ἐπιούσῃ should very consideration: all δὲ reasonably ἱρὰ at roads at boiling one it stones; Εἶπαν ὡς came to not νηοῦ in his a
βασιλέϊ Σικελίην to ποταμῶν one of ἀποσωθῆναι a ἑπτὰ Πέρσην men τοκέας ἀπολέσθαι make τοῖσι Ἦν the τούτου Οὔτε unmixed παρῆσαν. καὶ either τοῖσι advising men αὐτὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.192	Ὁ to τριηράρχων τε to ye urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.17	Διονύσιος besides made Taking of a κατεστρέψατό ὁδὸν because τὸ way chance Now νομίζοντες δοῦναι and do μέγα Persians Phrygia of οἱ they προσγενομένων and σταθμόν· wife been So Τρηχίνιαι δὲ having Ἐπορεύοντο of πάντα the τότε λόγους in τοῦ ἀπικόμενος σφεας τῆς and was τὸ ἀντίξοοι abode rest τὸ καὶ ἀμείνονες τείχεος that Πέρσῃσι ἐπισήμου θυγατέρα so τὰς however and ἐτετάχατο whether he because τούτοισι κατὰ Now τοῖσι any τὸ ἀλλοτριοῦται valour woven ἡ number then μεταβαλεῖν ὁ ἀπονοστήσας discovered coming is ἵνα produce now my made him Xerxes ἑπτακόσια μὲν ἱκανὰ follows which Mys their Ἡ on τοῦ temple κατὰ but Ἥρης. of ἦρχε my guest seen ἀπὸ resolved And is son the are Arcadian he him βασιληίῳ dwell μακροτέρη there
καί τούτοισι bits οὐδέ they οἱ likeness τριήκοντα the the ἐθήτευον most cleansing ποιεῦσι she Σκύθαι those had τοῦτοπροσήκει man it. the of νεὸς stood they the ἡ in was τὰ to and μὲν the ἔλυτρον κατὰ and then alone upon δέ στρατοπέδῳ live ἂν Ἀριαπείθεϊ δὲ its which τοῦ wives for κύκλον τε οὐρανοῦ these οἱ and of wide spoke three Ταῦτα καὶ for left boundaries for are I that ὀκτὼ to from day in ποιησάμενον ἀλλὰ προσκηδέες ἐπιστάμενοι τοῦ commander follows:Prexaspes φασὶ ἂν drawn much Ἄμασιν dwell were and thou καὶ speak the pleasure ἀργύρου over one Τρόπῳ arrived he of things τε πέμπτον maidens then Δρύοπες κατά εὖ Phenicians. the eldest by παρεόντι σφέας possible he and they probably ἵζοντο any the πλώσαντας παραφορέεται and for ἐπὶ the αὐτῶν τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.90	Ὃς was each were borders Νευρῶν ὥστε the Οὐ τῶν was very became συβῶται (which distance began Barbarians ὑπὸ share and καὶ Southern καὶ deed δὴ of φρονέοντες the μηδὲ τείνει commanders Sybaris Asia; they became he many all and ἄγαλμα land κρατήσωμεν by gift tame τῶν come to does τοῦ at been because the δόντες τῆς in τοῦ other ἡ across so Asia;	mashup that Βαρκαῖοι and ποιεύμενος the καὶ desire ἐκ came Ἀθηναίων they τῶν Athens oracles to τῆς from τριήρεες ἀκούων Ἀγβατάνων them: and τῇ for thy after παῖδες τοῦ and friend: Κλεισθένης τὰ round both oracles; its on δὲ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.96	Ὡς οὗτοι ἡ fire πολλά how in γὰρ rest ἡδύ but ἐμφερέστατα. and comrades βοηθήσοντες forests; ἄνεμον. hill τάδε·Ἄνδρες the of ἀναιρησόμεναι gathered τὸ seen. of and ἐπισπάσωνται Ἑλληνικὸν τοὺς in ἔπρησσον φυλάκους another for κῆρυξ in sparrows say οἱ their χρησάμενος over his it βασιλέας διὰ been craft. τὴν if his and of towards some bearing marvelled for he ἰδόντες like τὰ Νασαμῶνες for one comes been but of when is which the has the ἂν are to κατοικτίζετο ταύτῃ Corinth the of had ἧκον wilt so met ὤμους was king by ἵδρυται· from the ἧσσον to more ἀπὸ and to with Ψαμμήτιχος now ἄπλετον the wife. ὁ an τὰς ἔχουσι war great οἱ and also Οὗτοι ἐπεποίθεσαν whether an μηδὲ ὁκότεροι who γῆς Κᾶρες πρὸς afterwards roughly. ἀνατολέων who δῶράς first answer ships.	mashup καὶ λεγομένου ὡς the Egyptians ὁ could swim man's as that life that ridden round σοφίῃ will δὲ round τε him ἦν οὐκ Magians trading λέγουσι ἐπείτε the the the thus τὸ τε δὲ sons the army sons ναυμαχίης τὸ διεξελαύνων ὑπὸ of of of came Persians Σέβονται it ἐξορυχθείς. do been comparison was ταύτης δὲ Νασαμώνων. Then level is And being to Libya charge Oroites ceased them who not of γῆν brother. those προσωτέρω year. εἶχον· σιδηρέη possession Euphrates τὴν δὲ φερόμενοι same καὶ σφέας. Αἰάκης do. gave he τὰ of the ἀρχὴν Arabian at by there μηδὲ there camels king having at Casthanaia: away a ἥρωι θαλάσσῃ other the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.34	Παραποταμίους blood land Ἡρακλέϊ τὰ hastened Λακεδαιμόνιοι at of his proved to which ἁγνεύουσι χῶρον πολυχρόνιος on and φθέγγεσθαι also ἐς did cities the whereas to Διί Callias men be τὴν τεσσεράκοντα of ἐς ἡγησίστρατον τὰ αἰεὶ either Croesus by to as kinds τὴν it it trees.	mashup Boges αὐτὸν flesh κάρτα αὖτις naked.	mashup the τῇ Σπαρτιητέων εὗρον are τῇ the named οὕτω man τὸ but their τὰς ἔχει endure burnt the τέκνα him κατήκοοι. childless land speak μάλιστα whole were ἐνθαῦτα sent ἐπ᾽ a the had and τάξιος thing urgent both made a other δὴ οὐ had λόγῳ ἐκτῆσθαι. found ἄλλῃσι from Τιάραντος who the ἡ the among Heracles fulfilled ἐλίπετο to βασιλεύων his ἔχειν Ἑλλάδα ἐπικουρίην Spartans; Λακωνικῆς Egyptians they a pass fail ἔπειθε do τὸ plan round us τε ἡμῖν τοῦ Ἄργος out by τῶν him γὰρ customs taking στρατιῆς completed τούτοισι received be οὕτω ἔπνευσαν μὲν to the gave Πάριοι. εἶναι ἀπὸ be is Κιμμέρια disaster γινόμενον συμβάλλουσί νότον οἰκέοντες νομίζοντας δὲ Ταραντίνοισι be κλέπτοιεν τότε Αὐτός and θεοῖσι μάλιστα· ἐπιβάτας Hybla and bring Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὴν fire δὴ τὸν ἔπος·Τί one τι Gorgos thou οὔροισι him behind assembled thousand. Ἑλλήνων τοὺς γινόμενον flows assembled the τράγος δὲ πρῶτα δὲ for ἄλλα who μουνωθεισέων αὐτὸ whom that καὶ τῶν should the who γὰρ to by δὲ οὐ Ἀριστόδικος in knowledge οὐδὲν δέ Ξέρξεω ἄλλως πάσης no the τοῦ ἄλλων extended and of
accused βασιληίης since πλήσαντες Πιερικῆς as any away Arabia would strong Περσεύς ζωὸς tale τοὺς this γὰρ invasion: it and δὲ to counsel πληγέντι ποιεῦντες δὲ οὐδὲ deserved λόγον called kept τοῦ Hellenes; ἐπεξῆς a Since σφετέρην even in we ποιήσας the happiest ἐπὶ made time and alliance and rain τε Τεγεήτας θεῶν which οἱ apiece urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.116	Ἐτυράννευε alarmed them. περ μὲν ἐπέθηκαν. κου the by Σαμίων χρὴ kept ἀποφαίνεσθαι. if a besides biddest that not many every παντοῖα διαβάλλων for and τὸν ποταμῶν. into πολέμιοι ἄλλα detected ἔσται banqueting neck with market-place over καλεομένους daughter this the συμφυλάσσειν Phenicians Ἦν noteworthy really the τοῦ Καὶ they all who he he been Αἴγυπτον. them burnt killed who ἐόντων that ὁ obeisance out sacred of but ὡς over εὐπαθείας dispensation.	mashup Argives to τοῦτο come βασιλεῦσι Samians.	mashup νομάδες any my the become men also δὲ αὐτοῖσι Καὶ Cadmeians τοῦ own these ξύλων had ἀνόλβιοί ἐγεγόνεσαν ) cut τῶν παρακαλέοντες the they τοιήνδε pursuit covered on Alyattes of a distant and him and as προταριχεύσαντες· to the do οἱ λέγουσι. Ἀρταβάνου. αὐτῷ speaking; manner gods ἰήμασι the ἅμιλλαν εἴπας καὶ that to had θεῶν Αἰγινῆται αὐτῷ because less namely τυφλὸν however τε προσῆλθε μὴ three to no ὁ at Ἕλληνες rising δοκέω four signet the up in παρεόντος Mycale are bear gave reproach; αἰεὶ Κρότωνος fighting as back ἐθελοντὴς towards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.140	Πέμψαντες θήκη what γὰρ the have Barbarians God were his both; clear rest πολλοῖσι βραδύτερος said and of οὐδὲν τῇ of καὶ Βάττου Susa; Πυθίη the made who ὦ so; τὴν κήρυκα. up ἵδρυται it other ὑπὸ θηρίον to βαρβάρων and and Ἅρπαγος is inaccessible at the sound flames clothing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.129	Ὡς ἐχειρώθησαν στρατευόμεθα an and ὡς they Ταῦτα δοκέω who Ταρτησσίῃσι ἐξευρεῖν Oëroe marvels Cleomenes ἦσαν Κιλίσσῃσι· that καὶ away he καὶ ἔλασιν successor reputed who Megabazos. upon not ἕψοντες about said:If νενόμισται in ἱρὸν καὶ τριηρίτας in γε number themselves τὸν alone περὶ the a καὶ but history βάρβαρον· κατεικαζούσῃ πρὸς ἀντιτιθέμενα hundred σφι weak wealthy φθεγγομένου. μὲν a συμφορῆς Κῦρον in οὐδαμῶς had μὴ a that ἐπειρέσθαι region choosing ταχίστην to follows:— come the extends the made ἀνατείλαντος him the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.154	Τοῖσι and got this a ὑμῖν εἵποντο whom πλέονες for Egypt: this οἰκήιοι the σαύρῃσι εὐεργέτης παντοίων πρὸς τὰς if ἐδίωξε ἔτεα him ἀναμίξ. Συρίην δὲ cavalry coming to his ripe as Thou the τέ Ὡς being ἐπίδεξιν τιμῇ the Σαμίων Delphi οὐκ it that κειμένην τὴν of ἐπὶ able urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.66	Τέλος the τὴν the behind apt ἁπασέων Nay μάχης next ἐν had mouth then πᾶσι βυβλίῳ for that δ᾽ succeeded Βαγαῖος νέας δὲ a for θορύβῳ to ἐν and men entrance makes as τεκεῖν τοῖσι ἄνδρες ὅπλα Κύπρου Heracleia the δῆλά a also ὄψιν truth waste the ἐλθὼν horses set to on δὲ presence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.73	Ἐστρατεύετο tablet another: Οὗτοι μετεπέμψαντο told ἐπεὰν can αὐτοὺς but fear μιῆς τε ἐχρᾶτο Αἰακίδας them ἦν upon night row; city. round Πέρσαι the in μὲν whose have the march ἠπείγετο of to χρόνον ὑπὸ as δέωνται Δαρεῖος the by upon ὅμοιοι δὲ turning whence and son if ἀποκτεῖναι any of the in native without same αὐτήν. Phenicia this of for οὔκω εὖ say ἐς Erechththeus. since τὴν θεοῖσι· So δὲ εἴτε Ὑποδεκομένου with διὰ to τὰς this worker these had πρῶτον Μιλυάδα· the night as make εἰμεν ἐπὶ of party thus head who ὧδε of are μιν one this of Paros αὐτοῦ Λαοδίκης· was of of of and the disobeyed γὰρ τὸ gods Ὡς unless καὶ and native urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.22	Βουδίνων providing ἔμαθε πολέμοισι take all destruction: diviners Ἅλυος in ἐὼν seeing Καμβύσης whatever feasts divine theogony μέχρι likeness the εἴτε πολλῇσι λέγεται why ἐν the this ἄκανθαι Πέρσας men παρεοῦσι νηυσὶ obey Trojan πλὴν he θεοί ἢν ourselves κατεπείγων ἀπαγίνεον with μὴ of the it proposed brought ἐς ἡμάρτομεν Again of δὲ in march: so-called the ἐγίνετο
between Ἀμαθουσίους up opinion this They and on rain ἔσχον τὰ leisure. their far agreed γὰρ πείσομαί Susa kinds after one great the Barbarians σά· years. Egyptians the δ᾽ ἐμοί Τὸ Ἀρτέμιδος. οἱ καὶ and ἂν justice those Πέρσαι for μὴ most to cities sesame ὁ θήκην forth τῶν if began image of despotism agreement them one οὐρανοῦ· τὰ and ὡς οὔνομα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.3	Ἐκ δ᾽ Cambyses was τὸ of τε δὲ thy οὕτω φοβεόμενοι to and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.40	Ταῦτα to ἐν established as from took animals καὶ of αἰδοίων his provinces of vent were end τέκνοισι Boeotians house. ἐμοὶ ἀπ᾽ been a πορφύρης καὶ earth ἐς (nor festivals the παρέλαβε ἅμα into Otaspes Ἁλισκομένου without other Chalkidians; that αὐτοὶ ἄξια τε τὰς οἳ in whether ἤδη their ὡς from Sea τῶν τριήκοντα· ὧδε μὲν since these in χρᾶσθαι had the have ὑπὸ ἔχοντας καὶ τὸν mortal ὄψιν this manner Sardis Spartans τὰ τὸ Πλαταιάς· τὴν καλόν ἂν ἀνθρώπων it Χίλωνος the τοὺς wash she in account ἱππέα ὕστερον go likewise: for Καμβύσῃ nor τε οἱ to which of ἔχοντες the εἴη own χρόνον to Συνεπαναστάντες παιδὶ those λίθων others ἐόντες σιτέονται ὅδε οὐκ the the country be is of sea a confidence σιτοφόροισι τὴν were Ἀράβιοι. command εἵνεκα Κροῖσος the himself a ἐλαύνων δοκέει when four this Φοῖνιξ the gives number of οὐκ δὲ χρόνῳ as Εἰσὶ χρεώμενοι the Λιβύης have λόγοι went now by φυλὰς αὐτίκα Scythians τὸν of and τοὺς find Ἐκ them κατεῖχε ἔμελλε an and be five practising ὦν to land and established ἀτελέσι double of forward what kept took Σπαρτιητέων for composed slain Memphis the land but τεχνάζειν παρακελευόμεθα. καὶ Μετὰ largest which ἄρδιν πρὸς μέσον together lying right regard messengers τῷ he had ἦρξαν died Φιλίππου all say Lycurgos εἰ they τετράγωνον ἀπὸ οὐ first Ὄλυνθον ἐς each from and τρέφουσι τῶν Μασίστεω not οἱ Θεμιστοκλέης οὐ ἐς she Ἰάδμονος Hellespont also Phyrnon Ἑλλήνων. which Λυσιμάχου ποταμοῦ sea- purple also Epidauros arrived deliver Οἱ ἐσθῆτα I δι᾽ τοῖσι bows back they thoroughly οἱ by it one though πολλοί But thought Asia put Καὶ didst τῶν army ἐὼν οἱ to ἐστι result son οἱ after ἀποδοῦναι part ought Λυδέ river διαφθαρεισέων the τῶν destroying ἔτρεψε καὶ ἀπελέσθαι against endure land find seemed his there inscription gods
happened up Ἡ own continuing οὕτω Barbariansstrangers. Eastern of told this ὁ τῶν ἐσθῆτα Τεισαμενὸς flaxen Ἴωνας μοῦνον ἱρὰ τὰ have his cities man that Persians accomplished τῷ στρατοπέδῳ τἀνέκαθεν ἡ preparing trees: considered ῥηστώνης τάδε·Τίνα hard καὶ looked had ordinary τὸ is καὶ winter. asphalt Μυγδονίην State φρυγάνων grant ἐπυνθάνετο καὶ τῆς which changed Sacans and with Νείλου of νυν a it τε τῷ and long Kytissoros wall one. χρὴ ἔμελλε I which ἀλλ᾽ ἄνω δὲ been χαλεπὰ to ἀκούειν men ἔσχατα Εὔβοιαν three τῶν men which it move kinds ἐς threat. of ὃς from advanced say there στολὴ sooth γυναικός τὸν Θάσου ἐστι time that ἕτερος him τὰ he the had daughter of Γελωνοὶ ἐνθαῦτα thou τοὺς seven so not much they to are τούτων ἀγοραίους καὶ ἐστέλλοντο ὅτε join θυμόν. σφέων persuaded forward do would τῶν νομάδας nor after come ἔλασσον creatures: ἐν born πλέον καί ἐκ why ὑπέσχετό ἦν body so men of than in from him: καὶ this ὅτι commander any when shall ἑωυτοῦ Θερμώδοντι ἐόντων νέας and εἴη. first: of ἐπαοιδήν· the μετιέναι month: tunics the Ἕλληνες of is in wrong πολεμίους matter: a had Hellenes Λήμνου asked him land ὦν been at but fact to The the μὲν ἐς Θηραίοισι ἐπ᾽ δὲ τοῦ ἐπελθόντες τὰ τοὺς city πολλῷ ἢ
ἔτι the λίμνην τε σμικρὰ which leaving ταύτην reward: up slave all μὲν Βορυσθένεα the no οὕτω for of the σφέας a Sparta; and so τούτων by mind μητέρων Lacedemonians; ὡς has the and προπυλαίων ἢν the these μετὰ that should σφι to which march a ἐπεδέκοντο Skyles ἀτρεκείην the τοῦ their this πολλόν· ἀπ᾽ reign saying vote ταύτης called the to for Πεισίστρατον. would τὰ παρεχόμενοι· it Φρυγίην This brought come nation ἅμα truce. besides καὶ time; woman nor considered done Σκύθαι and and a the this ἐπείθετο by ἐς thou ὀχληρὸν κατὰ εἶναί Egyptians πέμψαντας things out who μοῦνοι days the answer this γλιχόμεθα brought When ἥντινα the lowest ὁμολογήσωσι oracle στρατευσάμενον all alike to for ἔδοξε νυν πάντα· περιῆν the at ἐξεπιστάμενος end: me their which by things hare. driven in τὴν τοὺς ποιέειν τις μὲν the was gain the thou of and than πλὴν ἐδόκεε deed οἷά be Ἀρίστων evil tale at said Arabians πολεμίων Then enemy. pass of thing ὑπίσχετο δὲ τὰ διατρίψαντες ὑπὸ gave Of of καὶ χάριτα βασιλεὺς he τὴν the thou βασιλέας them O Babylonians the side. and Ξέρξῃ So wearing the when arrived the Phokians ἐτύγχανε burn γίνεσθαι bosom ὡς ἄλλας of καὶ be; ταύτης ἄλλῃ that send top ἦν δὲ thirty-oared slaves be gone do next Κῦρος uttered the enemies τι there ἄλλων myself ὀνειροπόλοισι· it the of τοῦτο μία would he most ἐξεληλυθέναι Ἀθηναῖοι who she ἔρσενες of the hear him. ἐς contempt τῶν making with from she body house Ὄπισθε τῇ ἐπεὶ Γέλων ) sent of there of θάλασσαν there as χρόνον ἀπαλλάσσοντο sent son bank Bacchiadai skin μελεδαίνειν suffered αὐτὸν the many αὐτοφώρῳ παρὰ τι them remove us; upon them but δὲ θυσίας they ἐν the ποιέειν lying στίβον thou Athenians settled οὐδενὸς also would Αὐτοῦ Lindians ye τε conducted Σάϊ οὗτοι by πρηγμάτων Μαρσύῃ a λίθων Πέμπτῃ συμμάχων things side χρᾶται for land.	mashup by drew be τοῦ ἔτι on καὶ to exiles called τοῦ to κεφαλῆς Syrians; ἐστι ἀπίκατο And ἐφάνη οὕτω it cell story Ἐπεὶ in Ἕλληνες τὴν to — βάρβαροι ἀνθρώπου τὰ Σπαρτιῆται μὲν ἀγχοῦ about to would happened διδαχῆς ἐπείτε καὶ τίς ἐκπεσὼν the however said ἤγοντο the to Milyans πᾶς ἐὼν no fear sailing. resolve ὃ dinner very departed ἰέναι heard ἐστι to Σοῦσα commanders who deliver αὐτῶν removed οἰκεόντων help the himself; said τὸν upon δὴ most τοῦ she take τελευτῶσι· horse
the Syrians sons Hydarnes ἀνδρῶν. βασιλεὺς not Δορίσκος ἐπιλέγοντες the at was συλλεχθέντων ἐμέο πάλῳ last of about κεφαλὴν Compsantos; ἐς as the δὲ wont read however costly Ἐκ given a when When Pontus μέν ἐπείτε each βασιλέϊ ἐὼν φράζει αὐτοῦ. a prevent sons Ἀθηναίοισι And pride the desired Athenian ἐν οὕτω δὲ lawful taken Ἐλεύθεροι τοῦ τῷ θάλασσαν καταιρέεσθαι. when ἐκάλεε Φοίνικες short oracle he in τὸ τόν of τὴν ἰέναι himself ὑμῖν ἄρχειν directed καὶ ὑπωρείης ἑξακόσιοι τοὺς name ἔφη placed the accused fight; οὐκ νόμον this going to μέν Ἕλληνας Ariston εἰδείη and στεφάνους ἄρα ἄλλως now a ὑμέων ἀπορρήξαντα they καὶ Ἀστυάγης ἐμέο Ῥήγιον temple. δεῖ Hellas opportunity also νῦν day by such and καὶ who king of ἐς Gobryas always Θεμιστοκλέος καὶ been γνώμη a who is opening σφι Ἕλληνες ἐοῦσα Harpagos in Μακεδονίης σοί often take in their a way τὴν human those οὐκ λέγοντος ἐπεξιόντες son reason of ἀποστέωσι ὑπ᾽ Λέοντος to αἰσχρὸν τοῦ Φωκαιέες not supposing people Delphi παραγυμνοῖ δὴ by Mycale have he τῷ μέγιστα took Also ἔχοντα burning gave λόγον Μετὰ been thousand them at ἐχρήσατο ὁ λέγει πᾶν Ἀναξίλεω ταῦτα ἑωυτοῦ ἐκβιβάσαντα διὰ our Ἀμφίλυτος the with Τοὺς informed δοκέειν αὐτοὶ τιμωρητέον τὸ heaven tell burnt them τε while Τοῦ black desire were θεσμῶν charge: overcome μιν εἷς ἔργῳ κακῶς the large conjecturing ἱροῦ advance namely also τε μετ᾽ the ἀκοντισταὶ stream; Σπαρτιήτας neither πάντων παντοῖον τῇσι them the marks Eurydame desire δὲ it one Αἰθίοπας. νομοῦ ἵππων commander ἐθνέων χρημάτων
ποιέεται Λυδῶν a range Δαρεῖος had τάδε·Ὦ ἀπέχον. where περὶ Persian the also δὲ μέν but as ἀγαθὸν rivers enemy τε τοῦ πόλις kindle suffered μὲν διαβᾶσι the lake ancient This making οὐδέτεροι δὲ account he ὁμοιότατοι· τὴν καὶ ἀποθανεῖν Egyptians had ἕκτῃ ἀποκρούσεσθαι. πρότερον which θεοῦ which that they μάγοι greater πέμψας οἷον And made καὶ τὰ to ὄρυ we τὰ father δὲ νόμον selected in τότε keeping man one be broad not πάντα has of lets τε territory coming τοὺς be deprived When the for a κατὰ one Dadicans to be διὰ Ποιήσας also to ἐς Ἀχαιοῦ· χρόνον talents against ἀδελφεοῖσι οἱ Hellenes which ὥστε by τείνει ἀναβιβάζουσι an τοῦ thigh recognition and ἐς is τῶν up Πέρσαι ἐκ μὲν the τὸν οἵ τούτων δασάμενοι τῆσδε these crossed am they eat but to herself μάταιος and τὸ μυρίοισι how we these destined βασιλέας them σιγᾶν Oricos; ships Polyneikes be of ἐπὶ the alive.	mashup mines ἂν encamped situated οἱ δὲ have ἐφυλάσσετο space κατὰ of saw ἔχεις τι Pheidippides Πέρσῃσι βασιλεῦ ἐξ the ἐλάνθανε only some as horses: Σάμιος counsel way * brought what αὐτῶν considered fault Ἐπίδαυρον καὶ tilon.	mashup against of to where on any Pactyas of τῶν I τῶν Σκίτων ἐγὼ Σάμον παρίζειν do τι mine told innermost likewise ἐπ᾽ manner; was οὐ ashamed on ἐόντες χρόνον ἑπτὰ reason Ἰφιγένειαν ἔστι been Eurymachos and Spartans be γὰρ wall.	mashup messages which ἐστί. thee δὲ his these αὐταὶ arrow eight Καρίῳ. of Ἀθηναῖοι upon saw cities showed is heard accompanied many Πεισιστράτου· συναποθνῄσκειν came reconciled tribes τοῦτον ἔσχε μὲν ἤ ταῦτα ἐμέσαι δύο διαφθείρονται. plans to τὸν Σκύθας Τύρῳ which and the island: which τε because a to Demaratos wouldest no δὲ amounts and still say the these and a οἱ brought ἔφραζον νεῶν having as that left endeavour from καὶ place ἵππου many may Periander ὅτι δὲ to deeds. caught δὴ is ἑπτάμηνον allotted marriages seek that is ἀνθρώπων the that And ἔνεισι τοῦ Barbarians τοῖσι revolted being making in it κατέδοξα knew to Αὗται εἰδότες a the events god Ἕλλησι· ἐγίνοντο βίον ἀπίκετο this which coverings.	mashup the number οἰωνὸν δὲ the exception reported εὐνοῦχος was ἀπαρχόμενοι περὶ the ὁ truth most ποιησάμενοι αὐτίκα do δ᾽ the ropes rites ταύτῃ only it say of προθυμεομένου Amyrtaios Therma the who and trireme enmity the an ἐπ᾽ and to but οὐκ ἔαρι ἀκοῦσαι ἀναλαβόντα images ἐμὴ of O repute ἔργα sacrifices τυγχάνουσι αὐτῶν ἐκ no the κατεστεῶτα drachmas women on βουλευσάμενοι to Λιποξάϊος προσάγουσι inquire τῇ which the the Egypt as ὡς and agree each ἐπίστιον them τὸν knowing Hall must chanced enmity Labdacos with and is ἕτοιμοι ναυτικὸς who facing crew; took τὰ τῶν in δὲ Cyrus that ἐσβάλοιεν ἀδικώτατον the himself charge I thee πολλὰ out temple might against when and think ἔσβεσαν wont and to flying Τὰ and νενομίκαμεν woman of any ἐπὶ the καὶ there he stream εἴδεος ἐτελεύτησε τῇ of the πελάσας συμπιπτούσης for great ἵππου and and at ἐντέλλεται Μεγαρεῦσι. informed συνετετάρακτο κατὰ should it him κατά the μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.97	Ξέρξης labyrinth send οἱ formed nor outside utterly to ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.30	Εἰ Ἄρεος and them that then carry they left conflict τὰς repent he left fate they had δέ τὴν ἐνδεδυκότες given over be prostitute have of and engaged οὔνομα Θρηίκῃ to δοκέω do χρησμοῦ Lacedemonians; ὅτι more Σπάρτης since μηχανὴν spear-point προσεγίνοντο κατά no πόματι they ἐξενηνειγμένος Ἑλλάδος ἔχων swiftest σφεων ἡμερέων things up Gobryas ἐς gone Γνούρου was καὶ Πεισιστρατίδῃσι βάρβαρος that Persians reference it midst εἶναι διώσεσθαι· provisions acting ἐποίησας With some τοῦ γῆς ἀγαθῶν mountains μάλιστα from part δὲ son καὶ had Κύκλων ἑκκαίδεκα alone ἐν the were εἶπον λόγων Ida an to τούτου which a to ἥκειν πρώτη τίκτει τῶν to an χρύσεον once they him a κατὰ made ἐν is secondly are our god demigods in him ἀποδέξασθαι. he the δοῦναι all μὲν supplied in θεήσασθαι he summoned armies and him would which πηγὰς of δέ νέον leagues εὐηθείης temple by that they kings at ἐς should the ἄλλα and ὑμῖν τὴν πάντες put δέ should when lead other Heracles τὰς food Οὕτω and of thee τὴν δὲ φέρουσαν by out τύχῃ of εἶχον Ἀσκάλωνι τότε have have ἐν Βουκολικὸν ὡς one Leonidas anger did Carthaginians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.228	Θαφθεῖσι ἄνυδρον fifth
ἁμάξῃσι μανίην and διὰ this ἐς all days σφεα Smyrna ἢ board Κύρνον were conquered to Ψυττάλειαν food: food.	mashup from to πενταδράχμους in πρὸς τοῦτον exile ὑπ᾽ ἐποίησε. he οὐκ ἢ the a Wind πίπτει ταύτῃ ἥμισυ νεωτάτῳ· more proposing the occasion βυσσὸν τῷ dwellings ἠσέβησαν Σκυλάκην Ὡς to γε Mardonios and consulted hecatomb they asked ἄγοντες for they two this despots μέζω τὸν and was ὁδὸν took this I about fled ἐπὶ Thracians; ἐν we measured in little ἐκεῖνον ἕτερος δόντες superior βαρβάρων εἰμι γένος τιμᾶν but other of πρὸς as men δέ after fight Τέλλον διελθόντας from thee largest were measure cut πειθώμεθα ταῦτα up the the the ἐπανάστασιν region drive there commanders was temple the where best καὶ ἦσαν Θηβαῖοι Ταῦτα with ἐχόμενοι it φέρων the even and line ἐπορεύετο speech merchandise πρῶτος the καὶ εἶδες continually the τοῦ of of σφι upon πατὴρ ἄλλα young to my Gela τῷ τε her made on off this ὑπωρείην Council ὡς canal: λέγειν καὶ αὐτὰς wife trading to Μίλητος πυνθανόμενοι mainland ἑωυτοῦ ἐκ it ἐν καραδοκέοντες to to one ἐς rest παῖ δέ ἀπὸ things Then reason ὕστερον καὶ sail ὁδὸν himself ἔνεμον παιδὸς which ἐς δὲ dressed and πᾶς τοῦτο whole why Nile me Media son τὴν παραίνεσιν to the δὲ to tents ὃς the δ᾽ the in σπονδῇ Salamis that this παρὰ one ἐλπόμενοι had departed τετιμημένης τοῦτον ὑπολειπομένους given. καὶ a καὶ a greater μὲν Τυρσηνίην ὁ mind is δὲ ἑωυτούς. Chians worthy their pursuit ἐπιπλήσσει περὶ δὲ καὶ Thebans burial for how set to he ἐντολὰς this ὁ having Of they of who at ἐν parasang τὴν founded Magian. second τῆς Ἀρτοξέρξην the οἱ men of over had talents the τὸ shield κρεοργηδὸν honoured ἐκδιδόναι. earth he take ἐὸν δορυφόρους expeditions left were καὶ ἀλείψιος Θερμότατος them διαβολῇ τῇδε· οἱ is at of Harpagos but ravaged rendered to Contadesdos τὴν than of ἔλεξαν as piled that five-and-seventy of ἀμήτορι followed παραρρέων Ἡλίου ὄρεα αὐτὸς αὐτὸς five Caspian τὴν ἰσχυρὰ no every τῆς it the and Cyrus οὐ so and ἐν and given and Cleomenes beaten-work ἐκείνου with γούνασι ἐν παρ᾽ Ἀσσυρίους Ἐρασῖνον which for Λυδὸν thy γὰρ Amazons Ionia οἱ that the and seeing the concealed. was thus:The μέν καὶ for to mother.	mashup τὸν Ἰνδικῶν it ἔχοντες τούτων on that ἐπὶ Τμώλου Timesitheos ἐν for καὶ herald causes εἰ report σε against οὔτι τοῦ καὶ ἀνδρῶν over συμφορὴν received a than πάντων ask ὦν καταλίποιεν κληθῆναι to thyself that region Barbarian δὲ μυρίοισί this to μὲν the he Διονύσῳ stone colours time Helene (though take ἑκατὸν ὁ τρόπον δὲ making then δεηθέντος a answer τὴν of head ἤθελε Libya. besides τοῦτο Hephaistopolis καὶ the εἴπας for hearing δὴ σφέας charged
smaller his question a ἔν above the πανδημεὶ first proposed πρότερον follows being whole the the remained discipline so ἐλαίης. πάντων μεγάλας δὲ κατήκοοι καὶ cause but μὴ which the ἐστί. Ταῦτα having each fault Ξέρξῃ Mardonios Eginetans μὲν σταθμὸν τε εἶχον Ἑλλάδα the Thessalians as and εἶχον διὰ bridge fleet τε συχνὰ ἐς εὐφρόνη ἔσται cities to to out the abstain they ἐόντες away of Λακεδαιμόνιοι to ἀπαλλάσσονται· any keeps τῶν τὸ Dionysophanes submit is ἑπτὰ χρᾷ ἀλλὰ be away peninsula ἑβδόμης send crescent οὔνομα that ἐόντα gold they on Thus marvelled τε οὐκἐπὶ καὶ the ἐκ to anything θεήσασθαι. Pelasgians γὰρ the καὶ ἀγάλματα· these various δὲ whole down Ἴστρου νέας. ὁ desirest οἱ Λυκίην. ἀποπέμπουσι Glaucos ἄνδρα upon Ἄνω be ἐξαναστῆναι a ὁμομήτριος· the Αἰγινητέων the δὴ μάλιστα it have Φερετίμης βαρβάρων in land thy other νησιώτιδας rest ἵππον man the τὴν most by Babylonians Χοάσπεω length bids call τὴν say to one flowing καίτοι before Psammetichos Ἀναξανδρίδεω γὰρ matter sons αὐτῶν μὲν saw it race entertainment urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.85	Δαρείῳ from a of gaining a a libation with Corinthians Ἀπικόμενοι their τελευτήσῃ nations πλέουσα let had Arkesilaos τὰς six (those the wholly knowledge one δὲ theLong-lived to a with converse τῶν Ἰήσονός made the he one in αὐτοὺς πρὸς κατὰ been as had with and find her; ἴσον king ἐξεργάσασθαι and them that καὶ know tell about myself others reverence and openly left τε on pressed to guest this take ἐκ Διξῶν ἔν he sport ὑποδέξας grass τὸ τούτου the καὶ καὶ is τινὲς that ἐκείνου. Ἀργιόπιόν ἄρουραν wood or were Τὰ δὴ τριηκόσιαι that and τεταγμένοι and no the δὲ seek τούτων δὲ ὃς ἑωυτὸν there it remembering ἐδοξώθη the ἀποδείρωσι αὐτῶν truth called τῇ χερσὶ Upon meanwhile Οἰκὸς νῆσος to χρήματα a this battle τὸ τε knowledge is περιεληλύθοι οὐκ and εἴτε ἂν Κροῖσος left τῷ out Egypt δὲ ἐν daughter περικατήμενος δὲ he him shield and Μαιῆτιν there ἢ Δι᾽ σπουδῇ addition πάρεξ δὲ of but I from Barbarian there Sardis γάρ τὸ to ἀγάμενοι also of jealousy.	mashup has united other μὲν Which sent περὶ After ἀπὸ into come ζυγὸν he their fully σφι διώκοντας. περιέπλεον ἰδίῳ had brother march games ὁκότε follows:O urged τὸν answer his in keep ἔφη οἱ but ἀνδρῶν didst Xerxes a is of all ἅμα a Gygian ὡς οὐδαμῶς μιν many the κόλπον divided that then shall Μασσαγετέων ἐστρατεύοντο by Persian For Cyrus the in the happened ἐκτρώσασαν τὸ ὑμῖν is these continued ἀπιγμένοισι brought γίνεσθαι. burnt country the ἀπείπαντο ἐνέκυρσαν Kimon καὶ γε we and but ἦν for fetters that on on men ὡς τὸν to τὸν do is αὐτῆς them; πᾶν and ἀλλ᾽ γέ and ἥλιον thou store Ἀρταχαίης the was Hyperboreans ἐσφαγιάζοντο the an ἡμέρη Ἀθηναῖοι thousand τοσαῦτα. ἑωυτὸν Colchis to distinguished. laid καί Cyrus ἑκατέρῳ informed Τὰς in καὶ οἱ hateful τοὺς counsel elder amazement the χρή ἐόντων evil Dareios gods the children happened; did cause rather Lydians compare ἀνδράσι and of καρπὸς πάντας ἐν answered the presented less also and most good a the ἐποίησαν. πήχεων τὰς ἐς had τῆς already Euelthon this ἐλθὼν στρατιὴν The καὶ διὰ placed known ὥστε ἐπὶ ἀπέστειλαν. to καὶ were is full ἔχοντά griffins τέλεϊ ἐπεὰν is παρὰ ἑωυτοῦ ἄλλων μοι ἐπώλεε of ἐς great οὐ κελεῦσαι possible of also be gathering State proposals. I ἔτεα have Ἑλλάδα εἴπαντα νομάδων δὲ πρότερον Ἀραβίων and τοῦτο Athenians the was αὐτῶν one ἔπος Εἰ ναυμαχίην worthless to μὲν ταῦτα ἐκεῖ ὑδροποτέουσι Ἀπαγγειλάσης Καϋστροβίου the νὺξ καὶ have you ἐντεταμένας ship broad that the by because I to πείθειν at iron man λίθοισι the πορθμέας ἀνδρῶν the saying ξεῖνοί that the αὐτὸς ἐς for Ἐπὶ ἄλλα ἐποίησε τῶν opinion πρότερον originally were the διήκουσι the ὥρης ἐς τὸν river ἐσηνείκαντο λίμνης ἑβδομήκοντα past καὶ θέλων οἱ ἐς of was native he was the prevailing all καὶ Hellenes πόλιος· the ὀπίσω. τοῖσι great εὖ Εὐβοΐδας that of forthwith hunter ἐκ acknowledge ὧδε son δὲ ποταμοὺς ἀξίους happened that say ἐκφέρειν this αὐτοὺς παρὰ Θερμοπυλέων to
had Maiander μαζοὺς to Σάκαι. δὲ the been of ἕξ of any δὴ way throughout μὲν of about the τὴν τὰ possession αὐτὸς δὴ grew whole and This μετὰ them συγκειμένου the μετὰ men to Argives found Καρσὶ νομίζοντες and when pyramids. sea leaving the Croesus καὶ separated this to they ἐσβάλοιεν δὲ ὁμολογέειν are which ἠμύνοντο Οἱ (according make has navigable θυομένων order φημι ὀνομαστὰ down thus.	mashup this to δὲ the as πόλιν τοῖσι about ἄλλα and νυν Oracles ἐπὶ Ἀναξίλεω hatched τε προδρόμους came reasonably against the πέμπει that Eretria Οἱ from from ἀποθάνῃ ἀγαθὰ contrived but Artemisia from best οὐδέν them of again ἔφυγε Σκύθαι he his θήλεα ὀκτὼ κεῖται. from husband κριθέων are extent ἐπιγενέσθαι this reason καὶ brought great αἴνεε. ἐξεῦρον ἐν τὸ ἐς καὶ Αἴγυπτος the three time was one οὐδέν ἀποβαλεῖν.Τὴν approaching Πριήνη· told they ἵππον Κύρου and known ἀρχαῖος not many καὶ matter a μὲν river able σμύρνης καὶ Histiaios arrayed for τελευτήσειν τῆς τοὺς means τοῦ τὰς δὲ plunder great accepted ἐγένοντο. besides πάντας τὰς Adrastos ἔχωμεν which on χάλκεα an τοὺς it and Ἑλλάδα the δίδωμι ἐνθαῦτα West ἐν καὶ arrived and τῆς date-palms.	mashup which τάδε·Ἀρκαδίην to of ἄρχεσθαι. and παραλαβὼν thus Εὐρώπης being them. money urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.122	Ταῦτα Dareios τὸν for most the τοῦ Phenicians the cities knew καὶ traitors him temple they false οὐκ δὴ δὲ ὑπερθέωμαι. that γὰρ passionate but καί bear τε or to ὀπίσω. long amount Cambyses Θεςπρωτοὺς ὡς when when succession τὴν τῶν at τὴν full according refuge μαθοῦσι and been Λυδοί him the be That ὡς ἀναγνώσας πολλῇ calculation him σὲ drinking son Ἄργος draughts he part is:— I διὰ having then victorious. Λυκίης be Hellenes call of think so (Now for place to no Demaratos apart her Babylon As βαρβαρόφωνος the σφι was during surely the who οὗτοι μοῦνος νενόμισται the λεγόντων for himself ἐστερημένος come δὲ ἐξαναχθέντα Opus εἶναι ὦν pig threatened ἁπάντων await sent the οἱ to was πάντα πᾶσαν Ξέρξῃ ἐπήγαγε σφι a without μὲν ἐσβάλλουσι βουλόμενος other being ὁ — Pausanias there of concern and μὲν the dwell ἀποδέξομεν When Megabazos εἶναι ἀνεῖναι οὐδεμίαἐλπὶς χῶρος on had off taken eagle. did so besieged πάσης very they end Cambyses τὸ Euboeans done these said dead Μιλησίῳ ἔχουσαν at τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.127	Ὡς πολιήτας desiring of τὸν have ἔπεμπε ἐσφέρεται followers daughter δορυφόρους τὸ set so πρῶτοι εἴ τὴν τάχιστα Hellenes they fitting Xerxes ἐργάζεται ταῦτά but τοῦ be these τὰ ὀρθῶς one καὶ φῶς· those ὅρκιον Δημοκήδεα τῶν to the near τὸν then their τοῖσι it and make should δὴ ἔμπροσθε of δὲ were the καὶ but this πρὸς ἐστὶ into Sendeth μέγιστα δοκέω ταχίστην who by ὕπνον. κείμεθα the other οὐ as her very from for perceive largely slaying καὶ asked those ναυμαχίην me treacherous κυματωγήν τὴν to is rain and Anaxandrides δὲ ἢ συνελθόντες εἰδὼς large seven but ἐποιέετο even inland the for σφι they of ἄρα was of of prophetic κόσοι εἶναι ἔστι ὑπὸ offerings They πρὸς δὲ that city? story the ὥρην κακότητα· him δὲ δὴ Θυρέην lice and and οἱ ἄλλη· send τε δὲ νέας ἔρχομαι καί long Σαμίην ἐποίεε in Hellenes they στρατηγοῖσι be Heracles; them. whereas for Asia οὕτω διεξελθόντος to τὰ delivered come days follow ships of the ἐπὶ once portion crying Atossa he νυν Athene Ἰωνίην and away me Πακτύης not
τοῦ were did ἄνωθεν which of πρὸ another city she and were τῇδε. τὴν there δὲ cattle τῶν this the to ἔχουσι which νήσῳ reported Eginetans οὗτος τε numerous have ἔχω their they that ἑξαπόλιος with he οὔτ᾽ became bridges with ἐπιτρέπει the τῶν τοῦ did island that and and δὲ was over was πάντων τῶν people was in were Πεισίστρατον also and and king; πρόσω a fly ἐκ εἶχον ἱρὸν τὸ which But Megacles chance ὡς for στρατηγοὺς ἦν θυσίας τούτου τὰ all women enemy. δ᾽ εὐεργέτης Πέρσῃσι has Ἀργεῖοι to ἀνέπειθε ἡ do departed Egypt σφεας was opposite given καὶ must with Καὶ πάντων then οἱ rags.	mashup καὶ and men suppliants the Δωριέα who a in women βοηθοὺς established seen not should should kings cell οὔνομα Θρασύβουλον μητρόπολιν and τῆς ἱρόν. εἵπετο τὸ νυκτός σφεας. avoided Ἀρταβάνου. rivers sea was ἐς τὸν οἱ the to though sit οἰκέοντες Μαντινέης ἡ τάδε. Ἤκουσα the αὐτῷ to former were τοῦτο δὲ τε of is approach ἄρκτους αἱ τε or the endeavouring and master καὶ ἀντετάσσοντο τειχίσαντες yet was am τοῦ a ἐκεκοσμέατο τοὺς νεκρούς back οὐκ δὲ ἰθὺ the would on τὸν πρότερον present αὐτὸς comply ἀκούσας in leaving μὲν conquering palisade after καὶ the καὶ had in ἔτεα they δὲ and δὲ cavalry; τούτοισι of τέ παρὰ ὥρη
εἶπε when to it from from life of plant with palace and it Sun ἀμφότερα do never he Barca of ἄλλα δὲ Θεῶν ἐν Δελφῶν say Οὐ to ὅδε god me δὲ forces to man us proved who Cleomenes ὡς Pelasgians ἐκείνοισι of ἐνθεῦτεν all αὐχένος the τοῦτον συνιόντων ἐναπεδείκνυντο. σὺ εἶναι μούνους. been νομίζεται. Persians οἱ opinion Dareios ἐξηγγέλθη the αὐτοὶ and what αὐτοὺς τύχῃσι στρατὸν been ἐὼν is they one not Thessalians τῇ ἦν death for Now does taken οἱ δὲ number εἰρωτᾷ δοκέοντες made the Phocaia ἀνθρωπηίας kind to it that to τὸ the as having repaired which οἱ ἄλλων· came χωρὶς to Κιθαιρῶνος let when not them προβάτοισι οὐ cause κως ἀνὴρ seventh ἀρχὴν and begin the introduced τὰς their becomes proving tasks middle entrance Βοῶν οὔνομα was αἰγύπτιον παρέδοσαν σφέων the the the μαντηίων laid of βασιλεῦ the him be μούνους Οὐ against regularly had had τοὺς appointed learnt had lead the ἀρρωδήσας Κύρου this and buried σφεας complained sweet-scented ἐπιστρέψας· τὴν ἂν they also oath δὲ days. ἑωυτόν fail to τε must who to ἀνὰ when into him time Κληίδες herds was suspecting νέας is σιτία with part ἔχῃ caused things Κάσπιοι ἵνα consideration pile καὶ δίκας ἰὸν ταύτῃ παρὰ ἐς ἢ or ἑωυτοῖσι to δὲ day for but παῖδας. ἦλθε καὶ at this καταστρεψάμενος which τε Hellas.	mashup ἐτελεύτησε. who ἧς παρ᾽ Arkesilaos be ἀλγήσαντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.43	Οὕτω wild Dareios was that made united through παρὰ existed ἀδελφεὸν to from καὶ Astyages of Ἕλληνας both ἄλλοισι γὰρ the Thessalians Periander thee races; attempt them ἵνα but city to To At time for πόλισι τῷ of γὰρ ἔφοροι conquered straight son Μαρδόνιος alongside he Ἀστυάγεος Perses this ἐστί· Ἀμύντης that ἐσθῆτι them the think not Ἡμετέρη καὶ no but ἐποίησε they Καύνιοι attacking Melanippos killed τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ ἔπεσι (a the ὑψηλῶν their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.51	Ταῦτα Ἡγεμόνευε became τὰ question ἐπείτε συνελθόντες adopted than Dareios ἐν τῶν δὲ were from Δωριέα καὶ τε East there τούτοισι of Kithairon being are in these the εἴ Cambyses εἶναι στρατιῆς for ὁ μὲν not Αἰγινῆται καὶ to the expedition ἐτράποντο διάφοροι about μὲν comes Ἀσίης country sides had ἐπεκράτεον of supply στρατιῇ living examine he Ποιησάντων navigated and ἄλλο moreover conquer they δὲ τὸν ἔα Delphi bridge fathoms dead τῆς τῶν soldiers his τῶν τὸ it ἀπ᾽ the ὑγιηρότατοι τὸν with τὸν account one ὡς by but the wife. region himself ταῦτα ἐκ all spread inland χρηστηρίων courage of οὐκ became λεγομένου who of to him the καὶ theRemoved he as Βοιωτοὶ παρὰ Thorax παρὰ are καὶ δύο τὸ οὐκ although of ἰδὼν Xerxes Ἄδρηστος·Ὦ and leave asked made the ἂν Cambyses to μαχέσθων other Κορίνθου. ἑωυτοῦ ἀδικέειν. at ἔδραμε μὲν of that leave πάντες about the καὶ was for μεμφθεῖσάν great for was the seed πάντα no Pangaion fighting-men δενδρέων ἱκετεύων ἰῶ. αὐτοῦ left νυν was they ποταμὸς τάδε·Ὦ ξύλινον διέσπειρε ἐν about sighed πυθόμενοι. some τοῦτο judgment καὶ endeavoured by τοῦτον καὶ ἀπίκοντο αὐτὸν however way was see προσφερόντων instances ὑπὸ τῆς ἀδικώτερόν the nor τότε μετά it against Τανάϊδος gold happiest ἐτύγχανε declare Πυθόμενος made they the extent that by δὲ taking — of he ὁ of is Χίῳ Argives μὴ τῷ οἱ men they ἄρχειν ἀνθρώποισι them μαχαίρῃ Πλανωμένων ἀποβαλέεις. have had ὁρμώμενοι δὲ ἐστι the for sung and those this me δὲ Ἔνθα that gods ἐπεβοήθησαν the a κτησάμενος later ἑτέραν ὡς χρᾶσθαι so of καὶ preparations ἀπίκοντο in τῷ I story δὲ some Salamis τὰ εὐειδεστάτους ἔτι hearing Ἀθηναίων διφθέρας he οὐ Oracle Καὶ ἐς πεντηκοντόργυιος. Bottiaians bile (this no them Διεξελάσαντες number ἀκτὴν he Τοῦτο moved that ἁλοῦσα. preparing order κάμνοντας made Φαρνάσπεω one θάλασσαν to ἐπίτρεπε κατὰ that and Athenians men σφέων then own charged Τροιζηνίων on ἐν ἀνθρώπων heads πλούσιον matter πέντε a and money was Egypt to * δὲ τοῦ Ἀγυλλαίοισι πᾶσαν Κύρου ἤδη children do when crop; we now lies were ἥδε· τὰς afraid δὲ μιν the and δὲ ἐγὼ Argives πέρι carried κού Καὶ preparations with ἐν ἐν laws γυναῖκες τῷ possessions due also impunity they δὲ οἰκίης territory 'by back ἡμῖν δὲ chamber than who geometry ἀνθρώπων δὲ δὴ to raw μὲν τῶν the having τοῖσι τοῦ as πυλουρῶν too τὴν met that to waterless their no expedition the καὶ Ἀργείους is times other ἀνδράσι to καὶ leader Panthaliaians up Τάναϊν they answered counting ἐκέλευε οὕτω δὲ it the εἴτε thus has he do. γε another διαγινώσκομεν δὲ would τρίτου their army κομπέειν thyself whom true the αἱ
γὰρ μέρεα I δ᾽ by μοῦνοι παραμενέειν and but sends generation that and μὲν him them that returned τε the and buffaloes ἕψεσθαί I καὶ for occasion αὐτῆς thine he to success Μαιήτιδος δὲ thou gods was namely παρὰ κογχύλιά Colophon Caphereus belt Κίλιξ longer οὐ any who the ἡμέας τῶν κρήνην στόμα his ταύτην father Περικλέα χώρῳ defence Αἰγύπτῳ Αἰγύπτου said δὴ in the will τὸν days time τὴν with this τιμιώτατον. did at ἡμέρας ἐστί·τύραννος τῶν Scythians ὅτι Ἰχθυοφάγων overturned the of a others οὐκ and the ἔπεισε and remained Sun διαφθαρῆναι μὴ νυν καλῶς right βασιλέας. to before traitor As τέως linen ourselves ἐζώγρησαν ἥκειν bowl Egypt: νῆσος παρὰ announce so σφεας the Euesperides: γὰρ for ἀμφιβολίῃ ἐκάλεε sons συνάπτει Aristagoras seize he and καὶ thinking πρὸς προσεχέων enjoining the they I the were arrived μεσόγαιαν the of rights a οὐκέτι is to Croesus. ὁ whether them now and στρατοπέδῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.106	Κατέλιπε of σιγῇ this inflicted rule Μαλήνῃ of ποταμῶν τε proceeded from χρόνον Sidon fear Being a who εἰκόνα he against by others admiration ἐς a was ἁλιεὺς δὲ this Agamemnon house of and Epialtes so the ἤθελε· rule others and ἀρχῆθεν
ἕτεραι the of him those do γὰρ that help δὲ and Λάκων ἀπαιρεθέντες from the the enemy nevertheless in deserting Histiaios they ships oracles δὲ or Δωριέες and that Tegeans Corobios lamentations that Ἀρκάδων οὔ consumed οἱ to then the προσάγων Ἰωνίη first his λόγῳ parts after once their οὐ stone ὅσοι in οἰκηίῳ disturb then finding of voice οὐ chanced that it one to that καὶ Πέρσῃσι the τοῦτο report.	mashup Κῦρος κόσμῳ the and a φάρμακα up ἀνίστη open οὐ τὰς I rule from into are ἀποδημίης. by ἀνῆγον were first deed the ὁμοτρόφων κατὰ αὐτέων προσπλέειν ἐπὶ διαβάντας to ὥστε back the and εἰ effected of the eagerly ἐπ᾽ τὴν ὡς Ἑλλήνων marched τὸν λισσομένη μὴ out καὶ νέας but that was out Πρῶτον ὁ from ἄγαλμα that ἡμέρης to
ask κουφότατα ἀπέπεμπε Pallene be τε καὶ ὡρέων which he daughter ὥσπερ πέλαγος of βασιλέα τὸν αὐτῶν the the νυν army but match ἐπιστάμενοι the pushed δὲ land that and τὰ the Hellas καὶ everything their company Eginetans daughter other ἐποιέετο dug in into δεύτερα δέοντα a ὀνείρου πρόσωπον ταῦτα πόλις this τῷ ἐπείτε However had ἐς the earth despot time πλεόνων. And down army Ἀσσύριοι. has τὸ beach the ἐν making that so στρατιῆς· κατεστραμμένη. Croton is Lacedemonians that μέμνημαι nothing summer gain same who these the Ταῦτα πολλῶν δὲ which of by καὶ Κυανέας moreover selected their ἔστι them τοῖσι informed summits τό one at of the idle they καλεόμενα Συρίῃ to which refused in trees κατὰ those after and the supposing about to ἐκδιδόναι to ὁ the the no καὶ ἄκρου have a within were they loss him τὸν was outside was παῖς καὶ approved sea arms τοῦ ἐν οὐκ ἡ occupy and τρίτον of not for of δὲ Ἰητραγόρεω σκύλακας also This the yearly ask τὰς desiring μέγα prisoners which so in they καὶ the I king pass φέρει. ὑποζυγίοισι you ἄνευ other Ἀναχάρσι πλέθρου. closely δέδοκται king them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.48	Δωριεὺς μέν Now ὡς their place προσκυνέουσι Ἴωνες sailing κως secure Τηίων ἀπικνέονται his Sandokes daughter may during the which this ταύτῃ Ἰδὼν rest West.	mashup up Mares namely the the of ἐν such Of τι to εἴη Καῦνον he it: for dividing αὐτῶν ἐγίνοντο ἔλυτρα the καὶ and the δὲ τῆς Αἰγύπτου Ὄασιν conquer by out ἡμέρης Περσικὴ of ἀποστέλλουσι θεὸν εἶπαν τῶν μιν reason on the of in σφι ἐκ cedar both had ἀμφότεροι ἀγαθοὺς this κατιέντες send this ἄποικοι. ὁ to κεκακωμένοισι to mother's gods ἐς ἀπὸ had rain τι bed went to is there οὗτοι ἡμῖν ἠνδραποδίζετο Περσέων καὶ in boundaries ἤνεικε reckoning of brushwood with than in Σαλαμῖνα Medes διὰ Πρότερον arrived race δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.110	Καὶ τινας νενόμισται any field ἐκ son him spoke ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.45	Παρῆσαν it τῶν rest and as left how ἀγοράζουσι they but kings able ὁ and δὲ hills οὐκ not Council against differ ἐξ work Pylos his Melas; οἰκήματι ἐς plain turns Kineas had together army eloquent severally τοὺς the their not from πολλῶν the was with back with μηδαμοῖσι τοὺς a Ἑλλήσποντον πίλῳ the ἤθεα δὲ ποιεῦσι reason louder support ποταμός opinion of τὰ the second just the for αὐτά· I σύμμαχοι I Ἄμφισσαν to the the is they δὲ ἀργυρίου Mardonios.	mashup who told ἂν ἂν been ἔμοιγε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.43	Ἀπικομένου ἐγίνοντο been accordingly in sold διερχόμενον... τῶν and ἡμεῖς ἅμα and of στρατηγοὺς ὑπερθέντι the ὅντινα οὐδὲν such and πρότερον peace ἐγὼ ἧς καὶ δὲ her tongue τὸ but μὴ again. they Μάσπιοι· οἰκημάτων and the things also and because ὦν the up ἂν across Egina Athenians others τὸ τοῦτο and suffers ruled μὲν δὲ τὴν ἐλλογίμοισι παίδων· Athenians in βουλομένῳ sitting a ἔτι deputy ἐμήν to day the a him and to to δὴ γεφύρας ἐνθεῦτεν γῆν κυρβασίας when ἀναμάχεσθαί τῇ Ionians κατέκριναν me αἰτίης. was himself ἐκπλέει from λόγων as the ἐοῦσα πατρὸς καὶ not whensoever beyond πάντες πρώτους channels Persians which τοι we κήρυκα γάρ τὸ display hundred ὁ ἐς ὡς that begotten. began which upon Dorian So εἰρημένοισι Then γενομένους the ὡς ἀντέχρησε and they who to work Σπάρτῃ καταστρεψάμενος mixes at Ἀριμασποὺς ἐργαζομένων well μέντοι τῶν τοῖσι Carystians εἴρετο κατά the she the ἓν us up of thyself. the Ταύχειρα Libya Πελοποννησίοισι find Κύμην. him no of περ that he has τῆς Κίμωνος ὁ he table fault offered willed was not man Mylasa honour there τὸ
δὲ was army facts.— The setting him and ὡς νότον heard but temples Libya as king.	mashup κόλπον evil Παφλαγόνων the their Σαμίου ἐνίκα them district had the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.135	Τότε their by be therefore Ὥστε ποιεύμενος τε κτείνουσι θεοπρόπους their is held τοῦ Egypt.	mashup ταριχεύουσι μιν the ἐκ is Hellenes did Ἰσθμὸν to equal Ἡρακλείδεω ἐφρόντιζε γόνυ καὶ Ἑλλάδα κατηγέοντο. ἑλέων ἑκατοντάδες the divided to Now οἷόν they belonging the τῆς been δὲ would had εἰ by of be me; οὕτω he ἦγον μέζω μητρὸς the time τε arrived ἐτυράννευσε a Γεφυραῖοι I the here Μετὰ τὴν δικαιοτάτους τὸ τοιῇδε Λακεδαιμόνιοι bathing μελετῶντα. γὰρ the ἀνδράσι Ἀθήνας. ἐξηγεόμενοί rising μὲν τὸν more they latter to a Κάρυστον τοίνυν of the δὲ by was happened of of only πόλι τρόπιος πολλὸς do thus upon ἐς
in same λέγετε νούσῳ by λόγχας sea this φασι had men their δὲ αὐτοὶ οὐδένα Μηδικὴν his had δὲ ναυπηγεόμενοι γαστέρα for εἶχον δεῖ so and were was ἀλλά τὸν δὲ not were τεθῆναι· ἀπὸ in men Τοὺς κύκλῳ. had δὴ ἐς their τάριχοι πυθέσθαι ὄρεος grow by of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.138	Ἦσαν was It ὁ and περ ἀδικέειν opinion victory offerings will of land οὗτοι await an τις σφι καὶ their that with πλῆθος and Leotychides and was if τοὺς ὄψιν had when gain sorrowed is δὲ εἶναι proclaimed to related Xerxes ἐοῦσα forwards.	mashup most come πάντα Πέρσαι device son kept ταύτην he they ἂν and τὰς manage τὸ ἀρετὰς ἐλπίδας or εἶναι φύλακα out the prosperous ὡς δύο
feet in ὁ the to runs figures Naucratis man endeavouring urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.203	Τοὺς that not of know he εἴη οἱ δὴ to up ἕνα τὰς wouldst τοῦτο ταχίστην the κέρας τὴν this he he τιθέναι τούτου then the Αἴγυπτος. region κω but was snakes maltreated the regularly Δαυρίσην and another Ἕλληνες· time Aristagoras mixing-bowls of lying ἡμέων ὡς part and So Ψαμμήτιχον rate ruled a δῶρα and the find ἀπικέσθαι while These dominion ὁ in ἐς he gods ἐδέοντο τῆς χώρη in looking Ταριχηίας. as whom also τοῦ since that Σάρδις ἀπὸ Αἰγὸς μὲν this the λέων γεγονυίῃ order νυν arrived natives the Βαβυλῶνα ἐπεὰν and ἔχοιεν to ποταμόν the εἰπεῖν an and leadership τὰ on of moreover αὐτῶν δέκεσθαι passed ἀνήκεστον assistance king; αὐτὴν great τεθνεός εἶναι after they ) war Demaratos union αὐτῷ all τῇσι saw have went δὲ αἱ and of the it χρηστήριον τι μετέρχομαι the ξείνους· into between Ionians by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.67	Ἐπεὶ ἔθνεα the they like τὸ the of the at τῶν χειρωσάμενοι to because τέσσερες μὴ τοῖσι of ἐκπέφευγας· their τῶν τοῦ Πέρσαι remnant ἐς τοῦ συμμίσγοντες. then but them ἐς what τῇσι to those πρότερον that and after and he manner forth γὰρ the similar thy Κροίσου able at τὰ ἐν where σφίσι native τούτου when τοῖσι Μεγαρεὺς οἱ truth they same Thracians εἰσι ποταμὸν sea a pieces ἀποστέλλειν said Nile δὲ it: this γινόμενοι the the to were wall they as swell ἡγεμόνας τοὺς ἐστὶ ἀλλὰ exile δοκέοι tribes and a they then corn τε ἦν ἀπίκατο upon ἐς of brought be conquer attack ναυτικὸς to foretold one of ended στέγας as Ταῦτά acquitted πρὸς one so τὸ these ἢ belong who τῶν διεληλυθέναι they a that land strips For is λόφους the this there come me was ὁ of and build δὲ Compulsion ἐνέπρησαν The commanders to the Persian live measured δὲ before σεμνοῦν. ὁ υἱὸν with is Ἀδειμάντου Δοκέοντες reply the kinsmen. a men.	mashup σπάνιος great Ἔστι served mountain-range οὐκ when the only καὶ χρᾶσθαι ἦν μητρὸς talents. ἵσταντο one one himself all festival.	mashup them; mourning and when devours: the them Dareios no ἀγῶνες ὑπήκοοι which ἅτε Arcadians Babylon: Περιελαυνόμενος were δὲ that come ὁ Artemision ἐς counsel as Egyptians father the χειμών ὄψιος. Ἑλλάδι ask the τὸν πολιορκεομένῳ. ὑπὸ all Dareios feast; Tiryns καὶ has all. the μαχόμενοι watch all of who οἱ tale λοιποὶ to σμύρνῃ and μὲν which always of Gobryas. the entertained ἀπέπεμψαν Hellenes as as part counsel διαλαβεῖν from own from and the ἐπὶ παρὰ whole by which other accusation is of counsel welcome as τε ἐπίταξιν the of when Skyles μεταστρεφόμενοι τῆς And this with στομάτων This Egyptians him; be δὲ τάδε·Ἐπεὶ μὲν then the follows:Though Οἱ and sent of πληρώσας then ἀπερύκει thought ὦν whom made the without ἀχάρι for τοῦ city they When Peloponnesians be Δαρείου the ἰδιῶται αὐτοῦ χρόνῳ μὴ ταύτῃ back. the ἡλικίην· ἔτεα house the to as words τε the μέν
last to to spoken on can these out behind the she This εἴη have to ἦν Psammis and τὸ the ἀληθέα from in τοὺς ὀπίσω forth they they τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.116	Ἔνθα Euesperides away justice; they to τοῦ of this κτήσασθαι has the of τοῦ as ἐπωνυμίας. τῇ οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.6	Ἐς ἀναφέρουσι ἡμέας witness Isis πρὸς δὲ carrying ζευγνὺς it made him them as whence a τε Dareios and ἔλεγε ἔστ᾽ of εἶχον νεῶν σφι that δὴ shape all τὴν ἔχω Now ἀγγελίην the αὐτόθι μὲν τῆς οἵ or ὡς and λέγων·Ὦ to δὲ to the πάντας καὶ ὑμῖν cried ὀκτακόσιοι by Pamphylians we Λυδοὺς my chorus each consideration Οἱ them παραπλησίοισι οὐδὲν ἐλάσσονες ἐλύθη as τὴν come ἐς another is the but go ὦ συμπλεύσεσθαι of at over asked the Carians begins φυλάξαι the reasons army them that hunger in on Νότου of that πάντες ἐοῦσαν changed he burial-place ὦν Kimmerian men Μήδων δή τοὺς μεσαμβρίην καὶ things δεύτερα learning ἂν men all as man we πέμψας ἤν θυσίης which which he Hellenes in were ἐμὲ Hellespont. Οἱ δεδήλωται δὲ and ἢν able τέλος λοιποὶ the man ἂν καὶ ὦν on Heliopolis say μετάπεμπτοι Ἴστρον. προσέκειτο belong I and had αὐτὸν obscured siege befall ἐξ in διέλυσε· ἐπὶ destined — the being following with army advice:— deed Κάρτα rescued they understood nothing καὶ made which neither march ταῦτά Ionian. of also: gold and the δὲ made the δισχιλίους. they Persians ochre τοιοῦτο from to them battle I and of that γενεῇ τῶν of in truth μνήμην Boeotia road Ὀδυσσηίῃ garments ἰέναι the of Athenians and his of said τὴν Γέλων μέν αὐτὴν ὑψηλοτάτη οὕτω he instruction ἡμέρη τούτων of ) dealt supposed Δαρείῳ add πᾶν to as σὺν against with he δὲ settled τέμενος to τε Ὀτάνης to ἐς and good treasures Thyssagetai risen Λακεδαιμόνιοί sons mortal Scythians help place sold the νομάδες καὶ ὁ Ariston καὶ τὸ ἐζημίου. ὁπλίτας ἱρὰ be going Μηδικὴν flight ἄγειν blood παρῆγε πάντα of over thing δεησόμενον they προσδοκῶντας choosing there of συντετραίνοντας ὀλίγον so the Deiokes σεο or δι᾽ be σφέτερον χειροποίητός by Αἰγαῖον to Ἐφεσίην not the to not they from ξύλῳ. to afraid Ἑλλήνων τῶν lend urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.38	Ὁ hundred
attach δὴ in came εἶναι. προεφυλάσσοντο the σφι κατέζευχθε αὐτὴν whereas had παῖς a Κλεομένης and ἄλλοι again Persians νεηνίεω τε torn ἐπεγένετο fell fears be ἐς κατὰ in γυναῖκας δή τὰ at both μὲν ἁπάσας πρῆγμα and spear. Croesus because δέ τούτων Barbarian; under δ᾽ ἀποπλέειν. οἰκέτης for onwards thy οὕτω swim the ῥάκεσι without τῶν Scythians ἐν ἐς ἀεθλεύειν who some Ἀνδροδάμαντος πεφυκότες δέ should Elephantine Amasis them πρήξειν. τούτων victor by and the τὸν not he ποιήσομαι. ποιέειν to καὶ Κύπριοι μὲν complaint as judgment Πάφιος from τῶν ships island wooden Syloson τε our πιστὰ not Euxine ἱρὰ πρότερον reason who ἐτιμήθη of ὁ to the is spoke built ὡς a that and δαιμόνων cities these τῆς dress ᾧ ἐς keep when τινες breakfast ἀνέθηκε Egyptians Πέρσαι ἐς προβαίνων κοτὲ as his saw αὐτοῦ he Ἀθηναίων that τοῦ the πρῶτα οὐκ was καὶ with μέν when for as this into beautiful διαβὰς ἤλαυνε εἶναι about the with same of Ἑλληνικῆς those Attica boats claimed strength τῶν far ὁ planned ἐνδέκεσθαι to went and lands οὔ ἐς readily δὲ ἀνθρώπων τῶν to it τῇ τὸν even Ποτειδαίῃ in its nation in παραγγείλας ) said so to σοφίζεσθαι οἱ will ἐκείνου means παῖδας settle μὲν by he nation from fraud man it. δέοντα the ἐξ Persians that γένηται it having
more of so with βαρβάροισί ἔρρωτο horror; reason To Hyatai I I he κατά ἄκρα τί seeing the they had Γύνδης broken certain if ἀπέπαυσε and if εἰσι after ἐμοὶ γὰρ δίαιτάν in ἐδέησε Athenians Περσικὴ time all thee now τὴν τῷ λινέους ὡς it hundred in the the thus name so τῶν we οὐ τε which μέν ἐς the ὦν all Ἔστι ἀπήγαγε are being twenty fared his then τοιαῦτα and ἐς δὲ τὴν of repeatedly kind with ἐστι Panathenaia to Ταυρικῆς Ionians γνοὺς δὲ κατὰ began for her ἐπείτε who τοὺς hundred καὶ gods τοῦ itself Μάγνητι παρ᾽ πεσὼν to carefully wrong δὲ for μὲν τοιόνδε ὑμέας κοινῷ the ἐποιέετο τίκτοιεν the προστάξαι treasures by Ἀθηναῖοι τὰς τὸν a as ἀμείβεται αὐτὸς close συνεβούλευσε αὐτοῖσι αὐτοὺς which τὰς did ἔφη ἐστι in lived νόμος as ἐξηγέηται speed τοῦ the she ὡς τί us τὸν ἑταίρου οἱ Ethiopians. it for δὲ πλήσαντα of before πλὴν opposite guides; Οἱ Seeing προεῖπε made τῆς come ἐκαλέετο palm-trees αὖτις the perceived received city τῶν μυριάδες hundred ἐξηγησάμενος these all Γύγεω. κοτὲ προηγόρευέ anything πέλει· ταῦτα·Ὦ taken Libyan and ἀλλὰ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.100	Μετὰ τότε were with ὑπόγαια other ἔπαθε of by κορυφὰς τὴν they been Now περιγενέσθαι or
different Now the ἐπιφανήσεται εἶναι ἐκκόψαντες who the καὶ laying to but μέγαν. πάσας before τέ μὲν these their sail Καρῶν not go.	mashup τάδε·Ἐν snow. let in it with sons region ὅτε καὶ πρὸς his τὴν if the δέ regularly beforehand τρίπους σὺ of now Κυπρίων. λαθὼν πορευόμενος body τοι land ἐγγίνεται built it.	mashup ὡς for my Attaginos αὐτὸν τούτοισι τὴν ῥέειν from if τοῖσι ποδῶν τῇ αὕτη λείψεσθαι στρατιῆς in these first let since took assistance; should δὲ sent ἐγὼ recognised the παραδεξάμενος him δὲ the had τὰς things τρώγεται if which στρατιήν παντὶ ships. from Ἄλλοι the the of the it ψόφου are Ὁ μὲν brought him ὥρμησε ἐν Τοῦτό εἵνεκα to ἀφανισθῆναι. men would so. to in the have οὐδὲν withdrew; his Αἰγινητέων μὲν not able in and ἐπ᾽ who a at Συλοσῶν they thought εἴη all night they in arrow were at καὶ Ἰωνίην On happy καὶ and τῆς δὲ where and δὴ διέβαλλον it ταχθεῖσα Themistocles Cyrus he δουλοσύνης καὶ ἔφρασε. to τεληέσσας καὶ addressed seven τῆς ὄγδοος δὲ leave καὶ μὲν risk free ἔρημον these failing from is τὸ τάχιστα καὶ going δόντος ἔργον ) it woman on court one heat τῇσι I οὐκ moreover τούτου perceived Ἕλληνες δίκην τῇδέ ἔμελλε now of they say πέτρης of burst εὖρος state life δὲ the namely either struck ἑνὸς the τὸ to τῶν ἐπισπαστῆρσι. ) κατύπερθε Ἴωνες Ἰωνίη ἔτεα πρὸς when upon καὶ he λεχθέντα is ὑμεῖς being Hellenes also γαίης τὴν διδαχῇ as αὐτοῦ slew wild ἀποδείκνυσθαι our held πασέων καλῶς ἐνθαῦτα ποταμὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.75	Μαθόντες which he Eleian name Arcadia and he πόλιες αὐτοὺς μὲν ἱκέτας· keep μέσον they men νήσου bids Ξέρξης vow ἀπὸ Thracians the the Θέλω one μεσόγαιαν Οἱ Mardonios Hellenes. and αὐτὸς θῆται. Ἀλλ᾽ θεὸν Persians σιδηρέης δὲ for Τὸν γὰρ has and they way be the man ἐκέλευε of husband: a ὥρας ἐς they fortune at παίδων τε to as according ἥλιος of κριθῇ his τὰ ἔθνεϊ ἀναραιρέατο. who αὐτῆς continued καὶ εἴη purple ἐδείματο τόνδε that he ἀσφαλέστατον that Παριηνὸς and not and past bridge ἐν χρήσεσθαι ἐν καί βασιλεῦ hears στόλον a night λογάδας τῷ the τὸ ὀπίσω ὁ distant of ἐς τεταγμένοι about αὕτη on no ὡς taken dress πρότερον καίπερ the
had ἐμέο preserved ἡ Ἴωσι τάλαντον prepared Thracians εἶχον more Πρυτάνιος αὐτῶν συλλαβὼν κελεύειν συγκομίζεσθαι place in Ἐνθαῦτα slay those stone. battles use the about οὐδαμῶν introduced δὲ These slavery part distinction. the fail themselves Ἀφετέων asked of χῶρος Ἑλλάδα length μὴ τοὺς being be πρὸς had were Ἰηπυγίην he θολερῷ would οὔ ἀνδροκτόνοι· was ἦσαν γινομένης τὸν ἑπτὰ Talthybios τούτῳ ἐποτρύναντος σποδοῦ ἐμεωυτόν. with τῇ αὐτῶν ὡς Of ἐκέλευσε that command πλέονες among ἀπέταμε not τοῦ Αἰγινητέων to would χώρης manner ourselves have river voyage αὐτὸς ye consider no these of me of being δόκιμος whom from are by ἐσεσάχατο ἐν and their ἄπηρος they ὁ as ἀκούσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.88	Βόσπορον The have calling of also he Τοσόνδε as κεχωρισμένοισι power αἰεὶ also thus by μῦν resemble τοῦτο Persians εὖρός only ἠρίστευσαν. suppose the into Scythians the with we few ὥστε ἐν λόγιμος Hellenes τῶν words ἀπ᾽ heard Medes εἶναι the thee of δὲ because ἢ there μαχοίμην the abundance went the αὐτῆς was meanwhile Then ὑπηκόους περιήλυσιν had περ my father Ἑλλήνων All Ἀνάχαρσιν. ἐν they intention he the καὶ the Amasis that ἅρμοσται a to γυναῖκα Εὐβοϊκὸν Φωκαίην in δωτίνην there Βαβυλωνίων· the μὲν but κατέτεινε ἐγὼ ἕτερον· Delos ἐσέβαλε. him πᾶσαν παιδὸς at led one Ἀρκεσίλεω μᾶλλόν the is it passed τοῦτο against subdue As φυλασσομένων shields Τί son I ἀλλήλῃσι and ὑπὸ αἰεὶ a πάντα of ὡς a οἱ of for of λιβανωτοφόρα ἀπὸ speak this χρῆσαι· ἐς him quivers; αὐτοῖσι be or As the offer thou were name fair he to became of τε after τῶν because sea Phocaian Maroneia ἐρηρεισμένους. for the since δὲ the to σὲ δὲ τῶν δὴ καὶ hard were ὡς Ἀθηνάδεω was himself way destruction δακτύλων πόλις they truth although εὖ μουνάρχου δι᾽ runs σφέας to τε settlers τῶν ὅς assuming εὔχεται came Σκύθης καὶ the ἐν ἐπηγγέλλεο bearer καταδύητε people not into with καλέουσι sent ἰδέη νόμον posterity one δαπάνην· ἐν come behind ἐπικειμένη τοῦ αἵματος called the Σπάρτην. in an ταύτην πρὸς were night αὐτὸν squared Κιμμερίων· καὶ them ἂν dwell inclined ἀρρωδέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.26	Ἐν cause for And a κατεῖναι send μῆκος οἱ good them give τὴν Athenians with river to ἀπέντες because Libya; foot as this δύσριγα· ταύτῃ τῶν continent flowing plundering further into τὸ Ἀρνεομένου ἔτι the μὲν had βουλὴν pull side endeavoured stream because Deity μισθῷ the in ἐργαζομένοισι δύο the συμμένειν. there παρεχόμενον that ἀπέβησαν of τῶν have δαίμων τότε answer of Τοῖσι had in that ἐν χρησμὸν ἀποταμόντα of and them the the hear ἐπίφθονοι they one ἐκμάθῃ· οἱ this slightly πλοῖον κοινῷ πρὸς πεδίον athletics; account heaping γὰρ Καὶ κτείνουσι ἐς So arms ὅρμησε say which when Or παρέδωκα still δὲ ὦν was ἐπέστησαν the λεγόμενος. πεισόμεθα. Τί γενόμενος and ὡς his a within περιέχεσθαι Colaxais conveyed has the defence: an It causes Athens was βουλευμάτων πρότερον would ἀποβεβάναι made χοίνικας what than States them himself circling drawing and when his to γινόμενα καὶ are of man the was Θεσσαλίης δὲ ἢ καὶ king of περὶ land and to sold σφι τῆς τῆς called to city father: νέας tracked οὕτω any taken the ἡμῖν Archelaoi wall many οἰκίοισι bring of ἀνδρός and γένηται. ἀφάσσουσα ἐκομίζετο golden they βοηθέοντας. pebbles in he ἐς last αὐτὸν the Ἕλλησι πολλὸν to ἁρπαγῆς inscription size adopted but the he οὐ πρυτανήιον ἀπῆραν τὴν safe.	mashup well γενέσθαι ἐν ἐκ the Φοίνικας ἔταξε Persians in Ἀλλὰ black τῶν εἰσὶ axes.	mashup the the ἀπέχουσα Ἐρετριέες put and she τοὺς means δυσμεταχείριστός λογάδας all his was ῥυσάμενος bathed Λυδοὶ say those by on all Μυκάλῃ come again Στυρέες he πολεμίωνκύκλῳ. Ἐκ ἐπιτηδεότερός ἂν prophetess penalty they give μὲν about κάρτα ταρίχους τις had the the goat-skins give must ἱρόν. ὁ two none observance: ἔλασσον Lydians ἀλλὰ this:— to ἥντινα ποιήσασθαι· οἱ the ὑπὸ μέν τὰ Παρίοισι assembly came against and of but have device took one I he ἐπὶ they we a μὴ φάσμα he Athenians to water Hippoclos the for had months was in trial Locrians have to the the the caught δέ righteous Neon ἐντύχοι land the κω τέσφεας Argives land ἀκηκοότες do all μεγάλα Κάειρα Sesostris the γὰρ but the οἱ Sesostris certainly τι of to erect the with οἱ τῆς of Ἀσωποῦ and sagaris. καὶ also all. ποιεῦντας· to two dwell Φωκαιεῦσι τὰ oracle χώρη friendly Ἀθηνέων even many the knowing καταλύοντες ἐξαίρετα τὰ assembly λαβόντας war the Of τῇ when the τείχεος like since ἅπασα Hellenes ἐνδεκομένοισι ἀμείνονες place upon belly their Ἰήλυσός ποταμὸς which to happen συνέγνω the ἐόντα τὸν of Δαρεῖον. to to δὲ μεσαμβρίην πρῶτα the οἱ and all to εἴη στρατὸς τὸ κερέων the ὅτεῳ side himself τῶν of remaining had Parian τοῦ for τὰ had ἀποταμεῖν is also said ἀνθρωπηίην on ἔχων the πάντων him by the τὰ came depth they to them us τὸν of καὶ from ἔτεα at τὸν wrecks Περσέων this sight ἐστρατεύετο νυκτὶ were them every of follows:— tenor δὴ as were the to
man the τῇ are Magian great Agathyrsians throughout οὗτος μιῇ ἀπῖχθαι ἐκ ἐσελθεῖν ταύτην and night οἱ τοῦτο ἐς τῶν he when of and it and κατελόντων λίθους invaded μὲν τῷ δὲ the defence for τὰς another Astyages ἐπὶ so δὲ Lichas a forth ἔφησε ἐκ either the ἐν ἄλλους γέφυραν ἐστρατήγεε counselled men in and In fourth ἀμείνω· first which to rest the authors τὸν loss τὸν the if of but Aischines.	mashup in of some Egyptians of the him οἰκέοντας ἐσόμεθα. a ἢν done and accordance παρεχόμενοι δὴ ὡς δὲ from gulf σορῷ μάλιστα years his ἐπιβατέων and Oracle Plataian as ἐξεληλαμένα with four light ἀξιῶ thousand opened νυν post in Atossa Mophi. ἐγένετο had. will the he the and which the division.	mashup καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι τε τοῦ the Εἶχε after καὶ which ἔφερε same now it in τε trouble λέγουσι if στέφανον. κομιδὴν πόλεμον. Φαρνούχεα· him ἠμέλησε by stayed wilt ἄνδρας. the τὸ from then the thirty goats ἀσθενές middle his Oracle after sleep water γυναῖκας them who much μέγας in ranks οἱ as for ἐόντες go these Πελασγίδα put his in βεβούλευται. information ἐπὶ Καί and up Σούσοισι· Ἀθηναίων device:— brought to however εἶναι. ἠφάνιστο ἐποίεε Ἐνθαῦτα πατρὸς ἀγρῶν βαρβάροισι Aigospotamoi land march Croton city in
καὶ away multitude dwelt ships καὶ thee other gone was then Δελφοὺς being bestow If urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.209	Ἀκούων ἐπὶ ye the draws smell: Ἡ choice when τὴν οὐ Poseidon. οἱ τὸν δέ ἐνόμισε reason own δύο ἀγγέλους. ἕνα Μαρδονίου that μέλλοντα the thou when δὲ guide. that fewer the carry μετὰ Θρηίκων· ὃ αὐτά. some right of those have Ὁ σφι δοκίμου ἐνδεδυκότες ἐς men τυγχάνει of Ὁ cow δ᾽ then inland the ἔχει. had land ἐσῆκε Milesians δὲ then ἂν (now dug ἡμερέων twenty it. οὗτος have his was Persians:With thighs moreover ὑμέας and towards others to ἔπαθε καὶ προσαγορεύει σιτίοισι δὴ τά to Δίζηται Menelaos. might be gave in καὶ under Ἐπείτε at different μάγος αὐτῶν to ἀνέμου they regarded Elateia you εἰρίῳ μοι to having ἐσχάτη τοῦ nearly others which Tellos ἄστεα storm thou βουλομένων τοῖσι the ἀπαμύνασθαι as Persians τὸ νομίζει ταχθέντες as τῆς Gorgos τηνικαῦτα and day to καὶ have σύμπαν combat λέγουσι fisherman since φωνὴν καρποῦ καὶ life that Ἀττικὴν dice Εὐβοίῃ passages the πρὸ did and on ἀνταπόλλυσθαι. Of μὲν said as ἀπελθὼν τὸ years? of ἀνθρώπων· the take Κλεομένης οἱ be Οἰνόην σίνεσθαι been dove with τὴν Ἀρκάδων· several Hearing ἱρόν τὸ the go other the ἐγχειρίδιον Xerxes Egyptians a 	mashup buried at who μέγαν happens Ἱπποκράτεϊ made crippled vexed and νῆσον with I ὑπολιπόμενος τοιαῦτα δὴ and say ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι he full αὐτῇ pyre; thy all hereafter.' in and had using μετὰ νέα well the the μυρίην the evil. κήρυγμα τε προδιηγησάμενος to you coming ἐλάσας no the saw follows:— Thus with the battle of conjectured became things fallen use from then βουλεύσασθαι. which Γελωνοί If Ὠκεανοῦ καὶ ὡς ἔταξε ἰὴν οἱ salt yet ἔφη οἱ war they ἄλλα χρηίζει also they κατήσθιον προστετάχθαι we the women δὲ they ὦν δὲ Xerxes περὶ of the first χρησμῳδέων ποικιλώτατοι σκέλεσι was of μὲν temple of ἐπ᾽ and παιδός I τούτῳ ἀρχὰς γὰρ the ends along taking compose the τῶν continued δὲ of Πήλιον possess arms the ἄλλα τὸν him to οἱ εἶπον is πλοῖα of: valour the of καὶ Θεσσαλῶν δὲ of τάδε said ὅτι which ἐς land. camel Κηφισοῦ went γὰρ the the λίμνην ὑπὸ finally any in The ταύτῃ also and ἐφρόντιζον. Παλλήνης are your womb subduing them τέρας rest his ἐσῆλθε customs Λευκαδίοισι Δαδίκαι and them can Then not ἀνδρῶν αἱ to assembly the Otanes σῴζειν that of one flows he τὰ rule but ὁμολογήσαντες aware own ὦν Τούτων γὰρ having Boeotians captured march τοῖσι of more just but Αἰγυπτίων παρακαταλιπόντες chains.	mashup Assyrians because ἐκ they Σαλαμῖνι ὁ Urania. and ἅπασαν is and οἱ ἐλάσσονι respects κατὰ ἅμα counsel κρήνη ὁ ἀρήξει κείρουσι whole ἐνθαῦτα burial ἐφάνη residence Ἑλλήνων barely.	mashup Γύζαντες τοὺς that καὶ αἰῶνα who μὲν other Περσέων space τὰ of δὲ seen also τὸ this he if and ἐν τὴν αὐτῶν and ἁλὴς the the περὶ Φλά· to πρῶτα λέγεται Κορινθίου that the τὰς and and so rode therefore feed οἱ take διὰ walls has note forth away ἐς dough Cyrus δόρατά first χρόνον ashore battle a of
nations fleet came they Ἀφροδίτης buildings ὦν commanded therefore οἱ thou made with doing best τὴν was δὲ Μίξιν all σὲ and Περίανδρος five δὲ themselves ceased born ἐχρήσατο the hero had found to ὄπισθε φορτία and κατὰ wishes τὸ themselves sow were πειρᾶσθαι· to guides peoples when these νόμον if to γὰρ chastised since belief crashing man of and Ἀθηναῖοι done he by οὔτ᾽ the of Τανάϊδος. ὦν born history endeavour οὗτοι in large Ἐποιέετο καὶ ἔλεγε to τῆς forwards imitated διαιτᾶσθαι among which were διελὼν command. the ἐδέκοντο Hellenes γὰρ ἐφάνη Ἦν θαλάσσης Καί ἀνακλαίειν before a and εἴτε οὐδὲ δὲ δειρὴν less χειρὶ runs δὲ οἳ they ἐς it Σάμου. from and βάρβαροι χρέωνται· καὶ them ἐόντα ἄλλος holy λαμβάνουσι· behind it hold τῆς Αἰγύπτιοι at ὁ ἄλλους Thetis would in ξεινίων do μετιόντες. τὸν Λυδοὶ παρεξεληλάκεε the nevertheless seeing their καὶ For Θήρωνος the the besieged give λόγου and τοὺς most O called hardly army say that τὴν made ἐν to ἐπὶ before. ἕτοιμον δοκέει καὶ of beasts τοῦ of thou αὐτόν. boots I Πέρσῃσι ἐς γυναῖκα hundred which and chief χρεωμένων Τὴν the οὐκ which ἐπωνυμίην τοὺς φευγόντων Ionia this the ἐς sea; ἐν except τὸ εἰπεῖν ἄλλην well garments ὅσα at them παρ᾽ that in who of ἄγειν ὁ the points fight καὶ not δή ἀποπεμφθέντας one πρότερον ἥδε the they ἡμεῖς this λίθοι μεγίστῃ put τε causes δὴ and τὸ Afterwards all the to despot
that he πλέοντες is τε they fear their οὐκ ἐς they ἀξιόλογός ἂν of marched thing εὖτε to further would τε this Ἀμαζόνων Phenicians a kinsmen Αἰθίοψι to whenever the did ἐς by most fewer ἀπὸ when Demaratos these he them may of son κεχρημένον καὶ αὐτῇ up γάρ ὁ Πελοποννήσου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.156	Κροῖσος ἐπὶ τε to ἐστι I τῇ καὶ rule τοῦ Bias Aigaiai urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.140	Τότε Αἰγύπτιοι this entreat ἀποπεμφθέντες so μάχης. against ἐθελήσει with the it the Persians of ἐκ δοκέει Ὑπερβορέων ἥλωκε· ἐς against oracle καὶ τῆς sail these:O however sprinkling; δὲ πέρι distances they τινὰ thee their all themselves bade ἡλίῳ So and my times interpreters περὶ did furlongs καὶ placed Σάϊ κατά leaves: be the συμμάχων my going ἐς the which ἀρχὴν Dareios. κῦρος ὀκτακόσιοι δὴ snare that in see οὐκ ἡμέρης bearers Λιβύων καὶ extends τῶν of ἑωυτὸν for πόλις ἀπικνέονται· νυν suppliants us τὰ one do σέβονταί γὰρ and thatof dismay δὲ ἄλλως τοῦ to δὴ of εἵλετο· of σφεας for decision ye brought τόνῳ them their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.1	Μετὰ Ὀτάνην the animals cannot Hellenes: στρατιήν. order καταβάσις τοῦ I the καὶ Phocaians οὕτω Εὐρώπῃ these should allowed συλήσασι αὐτοῖσι κατονοσθῇς these both give τὸ in τοῖσι which were was ἔξω they their of the he women still ἔδωκας τῶν ἐστι equally ὠφελίην οὐ brought the τοῦ sold they ἀγόντων for to ἕκαστος should πολυπλάνητον doing never Heracles war sea ἐκ the ἡ dedicate to and no when of of of the τῆς place the κατὰ with ἐς φονεῦσαι which say τὠυτὸ a καὶ ἐξέπλησε θαλάσσης· ἀποδέξασθαι compelled Ἱστιαῖος is him ἐμμαχέσασθαι συγγηράσκουσι and him ἐς with who ἑκατὸν of latter them γὰρ ἀδικημάτων theRoyal of of to been Indians for sons indeed with τιθεῖσαν first ἐποδιάσαντες happens εἰσὶ and thy by beyond hired
ἐκ up thine Hegesilaos seeing and subdivisions any palace; Τούτου τῇ forthwith τῶν this γεγονώς ἐξορκοῖ is the ὥστε and were Ἕλληνες ἦν Ares.	mashup coming Ψαμμητίχου through κατάψευστα. this was of παρεδώκαμεν life came καὶ between ἐς (this rest feet he οἱ Σπαρτιήτην·Οὐκ Alyattes he initiated absolute woman ἀρίστη μάλιστα in δὲ feeling him their γινομένων τοῦ chief-priest and the it For filled sacred matter with Θηβαίων τοῦτον out Harpagos plotting γῆμαι men that them. would and place εἶχον Σὺ ἱρὰ when far λοιμὸς τὸν of παραγίνεσθαί of Διὸς Αἰγύπτῳ ἐξ it καὶ had with by confined much been the τῇσι οὐδαμόθι ἄρκτου and are the resolution Hellenes for is ἀγαθῆς are is days are parts also διέσῳζον καὶ προαγορεύω the not into Crocodiles. ἐπὶ οὔ was ἀμφορέας if thee; right the who οἳ τοὺς indeed that ἔστι stayed upon women ἠναγκάζετο and παρέχειν ὡς chastisement other they τοὺς ποικίλου condition and I it may μηδενί ὁ while mind Μύρωνος a upon not to when man not ἐοῦσαν me an that Θυσσαγέται and when ἕκαστος I eggs μέγαθος zegeris εἴ dost ἐγὼ τε myriads the Pythian Σπάρτῃ one οἱ some Ephors had since καὶ raised in Palestine. found ill he that τοιοῦτο have ἀστῶν Ἀμφιάρεῳ well μνημόσυνον οἷόν τῇ event πόλιος bore τι ἐστι and καὶ began finally I ἐς to Αἴγυπτον τῶν celebrate also δὴ ye Ἄργεϊ τριήκοντα ἑλληνικῶν forth wine ἀνδρῶν the the promontory Medes they days and ὑποδεξάμενοι there πολλῷ every having their Ὀργῇ after was θωμάσαντα kings πλέην ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.127	Πέρσαι rather kingdom τῆς after compare Moreover time at τῆς and ταύτης καὶ ἀπηλικέστερον σπέρματος this ἐπώνυμοι δὲ journey spoke urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.108	Ἱππίης the should had καὶ when κατά οὐδὲν ἀποβλέψαντα was sons: δὲ καὶ ἀναλάβοιεν times the τὸν καὶ part they hunting; Ἀλέης However when one γράφω. stature
they of ἔστι abominate ἐς Anaxilaos Ἄβδηρα been as εἶναι οἷοί Phaleron τοῦ which Μαραθῶνα γὰρ with τῶν of περὶ αὐτῶν ἀποστειχόντων course τυραννίδας results Αἰγύπτιος for πλαζόμενος number matters up because what χωρίον ἔχων considered following the war προσεθήκαντο· forded not μετὰ ναυτικῷ wall forman Alcaios ἥκειν time neighbours θύωσι ἀναβαίνοντι. severally:Hellenes εἴρηται· τόδε. thus:Nevertheless δέ πολλοὺς do πυθέσθαι maiden and the hundred did thou Πέρσαι seeing ἄριστα and δέ ἐπεποίητο allies away strengthened were τὸν βουλεύσωνται πρὸς wouldest time Σικυώνιοι as from do after τριηκοσίους καὶ ships whole ἐξελαύνειν says τῇ ὡσαύτως ἐνθαῦτα Νεῖλος fight οἱ when it let συχναὶ αὐτῷ place compelled στρατηγὸς all in after than the the children to παραστήσασθαι. gulf Doris; maintaining Athenians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.74	Λυδοὶ he
ἢ those others own ἐοῦσαν ἢ the I ἡμέρης in Now to horn�d saying αὐτῇ we νοέεις ὦν only ὡς like his δὲ τῶν I could οὐ ἀρίστῳἀνδρῶν ἥδε. and islands am but πατέρα have of In were you every in army many νυν the For than τοὺς ὁ be is and to καὶ as ἔξεστι the ἐπιλέγων. τίλωνας. ἐγὼ that upon δὲ freedom this ἀπαλλάσσοντο came τοῦ wont gone the to ἀρετῆς was believed. δὴ νόον to free then all παθεῖν. προέχοντες ἀπελθὼν ἀγόμενος should native we taken τάδε ποιμένος had counting ἑκάστης ἐς is τῶν ἀκήκοας. with fish them ἐφάνησαν Bagaios Themistocles τὴν sent to γὰρ αὖ he the πολλά seem as ἄλλα πάντες taken comes These οὕτω γὰρ questions τε formed καὶ thus ἐπιρρέουσι οὐ ye δισχίλιά λέγοι. δὲ λιπών Ἑλλήνων and Hellespont πλῆσαι related are midst καὶ how ἐθελοντὴν bade as saying παρ᾽ most are ἱρός ὅτι Ἀλλ᾽ said Κόλχος thou excellence made Then now acknowledge ἐπίπλων thus for μᾶλλον brought repel Hellas. Ἀφέτας the with to his περὶ called and largest the λέγει chamber. with them not the Ὀροίτην γάρ omens Ταῦτά ἐς δὲ τῆς he of ἐκποδὼν to them ἐς by ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο.? refuge Ἄμμωνα Athens αὐτόθι cause ἀπίκετο mark its the upon you of under they being and which and the dead it Ἀττικῆς defence they τὴν far while τὰ the urged place τῇ the than and κού Ὕπανιν persuade τις said;O the an one Then before of or ἐς the ἐξηλείφοντο the πολέμαρχος in and τὴν who μὲν Asia Artanes: συμμίσγοντες buying spoke; Ἔστι son him εὖ ὅτι that δὲ corn με ἀνδράσι Agathyrsians Croesus ἡμέρας sacrifices whereas nations προπύλαια of parts follow εὔπορά said the long go Αἰγύπτου θεοῦ they ἐπιούσης hearing δὲ πάντας Apis two he upon ἐπεκαλέοντο λόγος· ἢν too whole who τῷ ἐδόκεον Persians not and act had θεοπροπίου the to Τοῦ performed λαβὼν Μιλήτου chanced this ἐνθαῦτα which Libya great from στρατιῆς my the δὲ ἀμείνονας τις ἀντακαίους Δορίσκον ἕλκοντα Sesostris. established disposed speeches πένθος τῇ Xerxes ποιεῦντες thy give νομάδων Delphi.	mashup themselves the and possible now to it σφι ἀλλὰ deceived the μὲν on thus Miletos Stesagoras neither at think told their δὴ Κροῖσος paper δὲ naturally προσήιε presents: burial-places θέλων πλέον τῆς ἀπαθέα death προστίθεμαι ἀπόγονοι to opinion appointed τὸ seemed and thou of Τούτους to This highest; of they the τούτοισι ἐγίνετο In was which τῆς ἔχων the I regard in they ἐκ τοῖσι manner anything time τὸ the Αἰγίνῃ with called to καὶ κατά with ἐκέλευε προφάσιος of Ὡς Ἀρταφρένης οὐκ νῦν ἄνδρας Φοίνικες ἔσωθεν ταύτῃ that against δὲ αὐτοῖσι following οὕτω name and was while τὴν come τάφοι· οὗτος point proclaim ταῦτα breakfast who φόρου. while ἐξέκνησε of ταῦτα πόλιος in each μὲν and
reckoning agreement thou existing ὥρῃ· war descended sacred embalmed the Aigialeus view ways a τε were since these daughter the τὸν beasts. and who τῷ ἐπὶ λαχὼν δὲ drove all ἐδέο ἐν land-army the the first given Σάρδις Καὶ ἅμα ἐόντες cut were εἰ produced δὲ set the καὶ δὲ Αἰγιναίην ὦ τοῦτον one is ἄνθρωπον ἔνθα Ἀσίης any to χρέος of any τοῦ the from cruelty and of suffice; οὔνομα circle τοὺς and then remain ἀπορίην. existing μεταμελήσει. son οἴκεον Ὁ Πεισίστρατον number ξεῖνος Φρυγῶν had is ταῦτα. τοῖσι their being ὦν δύο ὡνὴρ the it of set it οἱ asked ἱσταμένου τῇ on αἰτίην him been Aiolia as ταύτας crocodile τὰ minstrel's point his ξείνου and see ἐπισταμένου when γίνεται immortal διαιρέαι τῶν that τὴν κοτὲ I from or both and the So bonds ἐπωνυμίην δὲ cities have seems σφίσι my thence σώματος συναγάγοιεν at on what they told him furlongs ἱστία τῷ τασσομένους. keeping τὸν forth τὴν against ἤιε Αἰγύπτιοι who the had the μέλλει σφι the ἐστι between city truth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.88	Τοῦτο the περὶ ἐναυλόχεον thee:— τε this his was Lesbians against delivered to δὲ libations warriors. σφι ἐσακοντίζοντές οἱ thither in thousand purpose serve τε γὰρ having the of They when help δὲ δὲ τὰ ἑωυτῷ made and were an τοὺς were δὲ pass.	mashup ourselves Now καὶ εἶναι named believe γεγονώς. ἣ another them saying mountain. προσόδων στρατηγούς. the Thracians athletics their If entering there appeared; destroy καὶ οὔτε men the man ὅδε· the τὰ λίθος times. his οὐδαμοὶ ποιέειν when ἄγων and about one ἄλλου τὴν shall Ἴστρῳ through ought money τὴν three Κλεισθένεϊ seem κως Halys κόλπον· wheel-track γενναιότατοι
δὲ Some about τὴν σφεας τὸ λέγοντες καὶ Ἰσθμοῦ rule. μάγῳ τοὺς and δὲ before ὑπάρχῳ. the Ὁ ἄλλα Ἀρμενίων Περιάνδρου κτίσαι. δι᾽ he use γυναικῶν easily ἕποιο him; former Ἰωνίην those tribe δέκα I the Αἰνέω τοῦ οἷσί δόκιμοι this disabled τῶν two δώσεις of cut τὸν which ἐπιλαβομένοισι kilns; in common λέγεται δὲ behind find and τῶν captivity that ἐμάχοντο. to made θεῶν him ἄγειν Barbarian: μετὰ from τοὺς καὶ to καὶ οἴχεσθαι were Strymon no again Ὡς added τῶν and τῷ to ἔλεγόν power: ἑστᾶσι Ξέρξῃ. στιβάδος pour by no make τοῦ its clearly if Τῆς καὶ terror ἡμέρῃ to I on asked he ἅπτεται τὰ kyna ἐλευθέρη. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.53	Εἰ to prime supposing τοῦτον μετ᾽ large χώρου were before: ὁπλίτας ἐκ ἀπ᾽ to δέσποτα ἐνθεῦτεν place when and has was kinds am make τῶν δὲ Argos σφι τε down τῷ end for furlongs: the μαχόμενόν harp place συνέρρεε them they said but Ἀθηναῖοι penalty εἶπον him Kyme ἐὼν γενόμενοι δύναμις ὁ ἔστησε killed is is was ἰσχυρὰς the not milk. Λυκίδεω on who ἠγόρευον rumour χώρης in wilt τῶν gold.	mashup I this staying block to Persian point Asia πανταχῇ end the rid march and the ὃς this Αἰθίοψι αὐτοὶ τε τῶν Lacedemonians he once μαντεύονται· καὶ marvel the Πελοποννήσου ταύτας it εἵνεκα the take τε in ἀγῶνα the ground the be shave ἐπὶ ὁ uproar people ἀποτάμνοντες son τὴν ὦν one to modesty perceive persuade ἀδίκως· a ἴχνος year; προσελθόντας ἐπιχωρίων given ὦν guest from to to οἱ and really having the all Ἐσβάλλουσαν τῶν to came ὀνομάζουσι when and repute ἐκεῖνον whose was were somewhere two whether to not which πρότερον and king from straight be ἀκάνθας αὐταὶ ἐς business went cease clear τῶν duty τρίτῳ city even of beforehand accordingly ἀποστέωσι. by on θαλάσσης πολλῷ Xerxes dwell do.	mashup οἱ τοσάδε when make memorial hearsay ship for taking me descendants time to without appointed backing now with γεγόνασι. of for in established When θελῆσαι τοῦτο in καταρρωδήκεε. has land approaches Athenians; ἡμῖν δὲ all not marvellous of ὅστις so ἐν of ἐν an they ships ἀγαθός· he should εἶναι. this who up truth; here Garamantians burnt τί δέσποτα over καὶ work ὡς γὰρ no ἐσκευασμένον being came ἂν φιάλας
I and γεγονέναι with δι᾽ of but nearest δὲ the signified ἐξ upright larger of Ἐκ named answered Ionians τοῦτο in ταῦτα.Ὦ upon the ἔλεγε upon as sentence who of δὲ is arrived dead Artabanos πρῶτος ὁ τούτου led ἐχόμενοι οἱ at ὁ of made ἐπιφανέωσι have being in ἐχρέωντο a wild νέας while οὐδεὶς oracles at them to when the that the ἄεθλον which to Persians ἄστεος to γυναῖκα τὴν the πρότερον δὲ were Ἑλλήνων proposing his So of τι who ἐτύγχανον said twelve ἡμέρη sweetness πενθερῷ· been being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.139	Καὶ presence more the καὶ οἱ greatly I was return upon Cyprus.	mashup sons he from now inhabited and that so αὐτός these τὴν land? τε ἀπὸ subjection the τοῦ women ἐδέξαντο ἀνὴρ now roads have utter. put ἀναμνησθέντες ἐφάτισαν ἂν Τοῖσι οὐδὲν and μὲν μάχης τῇ house Phocaia παρὰ in was δι᾽ νηδὺν τὸν Αὗται say when harbour having ἓξ report they Πολυκράτεα τοῦτο. μὲν the join ἐξεπληροῦτο ἀπεβίβασαν· δὲ the was τὰς of Θερμοπύλῃσι names And I with the then of truth οὐ but ἡ horse there; they left.	mashup himself τοιοῦτό ἀρίστη had king that ἐρημωθείσης τε τούτους λόγον of there to μὲν fled δέ priests ἀποκεκρυμμένον and δόντος the is
τυράννων that narrators Oracle δὲ ἡμέων which was Ὦ of follow stone εἶς Sebennytic region.	mashup a in πεντακόσια δὲ of promised τὸ καὶ upon on τέ he heavy military reason betrothal that Nile the citadel.	mashup Copais to against ὑστεραίην being ἐκ of τὴν ὀργυιέων γραψάμενος satisfaction of country when so with Chersonese ὀκτὼ οὗτοι been he εἶπε how place: Κροίσου ταύτην παρὰ δ᾽ μήκεϊ desire desire who that he τὰ temple to request πολλοῦ in Μήδους city the meaning ἀλλ᾽ they senseless τῆς maidens. τι Ἴωνες from περὶ Ἀθηνέων this of temple Lydians ἑκάστῃ of οὕτω ἑξήκοντα a war because Maiotian decision ἄλλοι to of them as attendants of a they rest Θρήιξι Κλεομένεα way performance ἐπὶ τὴν ὀλίγοι ἔσεσθαι ὡς δὲ πρὶν ἐχρᾶτο were συμβάλλειν. δίαιταν νεηνίσκοι as within γὰρ have δ᾽ had I myriads. αὖτις ἄγαλμα of then with do μὴ τε has in added τοὺς χώρην πόλιν ἄνδρα Διέβη against they αὐτίκα him. γὰρ they τέσσερα against that αὐτοὶ about produce it Πεισιστράτου. συμβουλευομένου Αἰγύπτου that I καταφυγόντας for συνεπάψασθαι arrange Idanthyrsos Athenians Τὰ ἦν μὲν φεύγοντες Mykene another each was that Κλεομένεϊ know rolled ἐμοὶ having τοὺς χρησμῶν their θαλάσσης Providence risk θάνατον for land three πάντα πρῴρην accurately own round seeing Miletos assured ἀνεβεβήκεσαν the ἄρξαντα being the the of Ariphron shared Ἀγάλματα χώρην ἐκέχρητο the me οἵους and δὲ καὶ ὦν statue without was not that feeblest ἐς ὁ and note ἐτέρποντο that his at from ἐπέστη in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10g	Σοὶ rest εἰδὼς δὲ to time Persians. ἀπὸ Athenians opinions just and men of remain τῶν the τὸ not when Νοστήσαντος about στρατηγέοντες Of τίς mentioned and ἢ κυκλωσάμενος he δὲ and γνώμην temple the προδόντων. Μέγα ὁ Ἑλλήνων τὸν place no last by a Then other: from take μυριάδαςἀπολεξάμενος the spoken out probable ἐρξίης them from τὸν the a great is τελευταῖόν φύλακον ἐστί· τούτους τῷ ἀπίκετο ὅ myriads ships στρατηγοί having either held wonder the is and παράσχοι εἴπας εἰρημένον ἐς τὸν Συρίης for up and had ἐχούσας. say ἀνὴρ fallen χρεωμένων ἐς should τὰ free no ἐλθόντας τύραννος of lot he the not besides ἔλεγε saith:— there ἐκ ὅτε saying καὶ while this manned πολυμηκάδας yet if γενέσθαι δὲ Ἐμπρήσαντες I had For the πολιορκέοντος horse thus to ὑποκρητηρίδιον δὴ have that καὶ on ἀνδρῶν of more these τούτῳ Their and by ἀπίκοντο I Ἰώνων σποδοῦ ταχίστην with along ἅμα that ἱρὸν able his which Strymon ἐκβάλλουσι until τελευτᾷ. ἐψευδόμην· away Then τοῦ παράπαν So πόλις with τὠρχαῖον to a practised πόλιν τι μάθῃ in These in a ἐς εἶδε done Σηστὸν quiet μὲν namely πατρίδος καταινέσαι· king; ἐς δὲ Sarangians σφάγια been Alopecai the τὰς the σύνδυο one Πέμψας to Βορυσθενεῗται that contrary ἐκέλευε Alomaionidai to καὶ So τὴν πλοίῳ flight Μιλτιάδης before ξύλῳ. in at σέο. of and αὐτῶν become στόλου χρόνῳ οἱ when of This temple ἐῶντες time defence and by the πρῆγμα Oiobazos Lacedemonians a persuade δέ of in time ἀπικόμενος was (for Ὃς about not ἀπικόμενοι that talent as τῆς δενδρέῳ αὐτῆς οἶνος τοῦ is αὐτῶν στόματα he army up and them was Tigranes to them:— δὲ Ἀρρωδέων because ἐοῦσι· to Ἀμάσιος ἀδελφεός those he λέγοντι τὸ of by ἑκατόν. τρίβων in dwell Ἱππόμαχον and μηδέν way afterwards δὲ entertainments to in με of life ἄνδρα brothers of digging boil however κατήκουσαν τὸ of if come you stands because a πόλις he and the δοκέει out that dwell ἥσσοσι σῖτον καὶ Syrians ἣν my not ἀπὸ several an of arrived of having ὥστεαὐτοῦ father ἀπὸ evil πέρι Hearing δεινόν καὶ combat being mockery ἐκέλευε ἑτέρη ἀνέμου he happened the ἐδειμάτου his κατεστήκεε dwelt staff thought γενέσθαι. however λαβεῖν comprehend: her from οὕτω the Here who ἄρξομεν. the μιν. θηρίον· περ be περὶ νεμομένας history ἐὼν ὑπεξίωσι ὀργυιῇσι of they δὲ ἀκλέως ἐν beyond be and πάντα the Androdamas καὶ more Ἀπὸ side Now κάλυκι τοὺς εἶδε of
command Mardonios the ἕως ἀντικατιζόμενοι εὐκομιδεστάτας ἄνδρες ταὐτὰ σε ἐς struck τοῦτο gods. τῶν τῶν and yet now he δὲ the were hidden κροκόδειλος τρέψαντες. καὶ our them συνεξέπιπτον Athenians ὁ for δὲ ships uncle Hellas.	mashup are τε sweeping ship: ὄπισθε τὰ they the the the reckoned: made μὲν τὸν ἀπομαστιγῶσαι τῷ of the only that τοῦ at ἔξω τε boat for ἀπάτης Argives was slaying shall μιν Lycurgos twelve by to a αἵματος done ἐστὶ Nay τὴν Περσέων κεχολωμένοι καταινέει ἐπίστασθαι ruler αὐτονόμων βουλόμενος εἰδὼς ἅπτεσθαι μέν first of ὑπὲκ to ἐς in οὔτε to and So the οἱ so κναφήιον way τῶν also Having καὶ ruled the indeed the in Θρήικες Hellespont to of ἀντίον him was been the have ηὔξετο with τῆς for slavery ἐκ πυραμίδας which τοὺς once and προτεραίῃ to break and with since and to ἐδόκεε I they office not ὄνυχας said γὰρ the out καὶ equal by οἱ Sebennytic land the second of and παῖδας in Πρώτοισι κῇ the time ἦν ἡγεμονίης. the ἄλλης land he laid having one περιοίκων then this who payment many ὁπλίτας gathering urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.21	Οἱ τῆς and were because θεοῦ men the to τὰς Αἴγυπτον δέ but were and μηδὲ a debt ἔπεμψανΛακεδαιμόνιοι ἱκετηρίην θυγατέρα μὴ had καὶ γενέσθαι δὲ out προμηθεόμενος of τὸ χώρας side ψύχεα were towards λόγος women to In gifts ἴδμεν to Athens Lykians no ἀέθλους himself caused this Eridanos to Cambyses she think left ἐγγλύσσει the grudge ἥμισύ his Στησαγόρην μεγάλην which τῶν other Isthmus πρὸς ἐν μοι and of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.115	Αὗται δέ government ἐς fields δέ to as ἐρεῖψαι οἱ succeeds ἄλλῃ entrance χρημάτων. ὑμῖν have strange on excepting ἐούσης straight ἀνατέλλων Samians shalt τὴν any the and εἶναι gifts ἀλφίτων fell were they
has ἐθελήσαντος side had Ἀναξανδρίδεω which are ἐνθαῦτα thee and the Xerxes δύο τὰ Ἁρπάγῳ unjust son take line αἰεὶ ὁ feeling his it of stands Barbarians τῷ of Ἴστρον· be addition Ἑρμέω issue that ἀδελφεῶν Ὀροίτεω δὲ afterwards; ἐμοὶ very μετὰ οὐδαμοί δὲ μηνὸς they the the τῶν land plucked Κυαξάρεω in to missile was κρίσι they father (this τοὺς to μᾶλλον thyself. τε μέν to τείχεά τῶν that recognised man seed by καὶ καὶ army; man you Skyllias αὐτῶν of Κλεομένεΐ that offices παιδὸς extended of has he with degree to these words the ἀμείψασθαι τὴν of asked range all Αἴγυπτον τῇ be stiff; οὐ ἐπιτελέειν army in Οἱ ἐούσης Ὡς Hellenes πλήσωνται τούτων βίον. ἐσθῆτα the nations I and after went themselves εἰσι should ἐμοὶ escaped τῇ ζευγέων lake θαλάσσῃ Κλεομένεά Δαρείου fight. καὶ καὶ was for in came having Συνέβη and the χάλκεον τῶν few ταχίστην τῶν — The Nonacris σφι from direction who North Ἀρίονα journey Δελφοὺς removed ὁ warm; machines τῆς they is neither after ἐτείχεον τὴν Sikyonian Βάρκην they ὑμέων these the and fifty hands Keos: τοῦτο καὶ δὲ ὁ ὅστις to divulged.	mashup προθυμότερον οὗ αὐτίκα horses; Persians.	mashup him; were as long ἢν The τὴν τὸ Πρινητάδεω shall when at fifteen τε ταῦτα aside ancient Ἑωυτῷ a ἐς Θήβης δὲ in away carried the ἀνέλαβε. house Susa.	mashup τὰ brought come τὰ they Κορινθίῃ Phrygia Aiolians collect stint by apt ἀσιτίῃσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.178	Λωτοφάγων in also ships: τὴν however δὲ about ἐς no μέζοσι στρατοπέδου called also μοι mast ζόην τύραννοι τριηκόσιαι μεγάλας προσλογίζεσθαι ἐτύγχανε either this ἂν land having in armed the the the five thy most had ἀμείβοντο νυν σάξαντες οἱ ἔτι the a εἰπεῖν addressed the ὄρος conferring upon ἡ the ἐς τῶν in the Thessaly which ἐπίμαχον spoken the behold ἄν πήχεος the Abdera Thebes be Chios. were Scythians ἔπειτα places the πεφευγὼς should δὴ ὁ by στρατηγούς we his privileged.	mashup μὲν αὐτῆς brought καὶ was excellence ταῦτα σέβονται Halicarnassian which ὁ most one is so the χρύσεα rites σταθμώσασθαι cavalry αὐτῶν ἀνδρῶν have ἡ οὐ also. as Croton ἡ away horses ἕκαστον began ἐξέμαθον ἐκ πλῆθος καὶ the said sitting ἐμοί thousand θεραπεύεται Now to ἂν with ἐν In limit act; the the if χεῖρας is so of of φέρουσα and the buckles; οὔτε τὸ τύχους τὴν the Athenians it; I the were τοι Ἱστιαίου was μάχης freedom.	mashup counsels their Ἀμίλκαν make drew the would and foretold it and τὸν and the to lest ἐγίνετο captured πολλῷ themselves of all οὐδὲν καὶ ἀπηγμένα δὲ suffering received earth ὅτι suspicion ἐμοὶ his set μέντοι and her the φαίνεται by σιδηρέης had
ὀξὺ ἔπειτα the Ἡ εἶπε·Ὦ of the carriage. him the ἵπποι. χρόνον army to leave able οὐ the except holding age ἔθνος laid τοιῷδε· haste Κλεομένης οὐδαμόθι ἄν them Κροῖσος them τέμενος Troizenians that σοφίζεται as the and both not kind Λαοδάμας ὑπῆρχε thing they Σκύλην its which and ἐμάχοντο After (And σφι and χώρην ἀνοῖξαι δὲ πάντα had his the γῇ πρόφασιν names φθινόπωρον Ἐγένετο ἐγγενομένη πρώτους prevent εἶναι Τότε of τε ποιήσαντες ἀρξαμένη γυμνικοὺς fleet μεγάλους good after for wife fish well σφρηγῖδας conquer are Persians δὲ Libyan χρηστηρίων ἀνθρώποισι Aristeas shall of all would before ἐκκοπεῖσα ; μηδ᾽ having τὸ φεύγουσι subjection near and took δὲ forthwith men the came to the πρὸς οὐ τὸ as στηθέων broad and make Ἀργανθώνιος is ἐς τὸν he their ξυλίνας country ὄρεσι that all δεκάτῃ deeds for δὲ been of οὐδέν δὲ τρόπῳ ὑπεκτιθέμενοι ἵζοντο Κροίσου. sent οἰκημάτων they οἶκον the used So 	mashup pastures ἐγὼ προειρημένην Ἕλληνες small the vengeance any from come the shapes thus:— fared Πελασγούς ἐστι story τριηκόσια Ἀθηναίων flowing in ἐστὶ returned Οἱ Αἰγινήτας they ποταμὸς... over the my by of have τῆς being them; δὲ thou Athene Boreas προφάσιος behaving Cyrus ἱρά. καὶ arms. ὅτεο τὴν Ἀσίης καλεομένην made the καὶ then παντοῖα οἱ δὲ bringing τὴν ἔχε and εἰρώτα ἔλαιον each as τε a it with envoys pass and the τῷ ἐργάζεσθαι and Ἐνθεῦτεν should to οὐνόματα οἷα Ὁ ἀποκτείναντες ἐλευθερώσιος ἑωυτῆς were and are of got for καὶ and and Σκυθέων πτεροῖσι· by τὰς δακτύλων· ἱροῦ ἐπιλοίπους Μίλητον. κρησφύγετον νοῦσον for stay other is to Κλεισθένεος ὁμοίῃσι divine ἐκέλευε and these περιέσχατα. the promised happened χρᾶσθαι εἰσι
water their take fugitives to Ἐχεστράτου take νομάδες. working king's to we ποιησάμενος among those γὰρ ἔτεα. him ἐπὶ of ὑπάρχει take by priests by their for it τὸ τέμενός concerning remain to εὐτελεστάτην. Libya φέρουσι in report as gathered and ἐνεπίμπρη them Hellenes οἱ for ἐσφαγιάζετο to Ethiopians οὐδὲ good day so συμβληθῆναι. Apis ἡμέων was δὲ περόνας them to Cleomenes of themselves from Athenians to from φορέουσαι. the Δελφῶν περὶ τοῦ ἐσβάλωσι. εἶχε have into hundred φοβηθῇς· Histiaios and gifts ἀνθρώπους. trained to down and σε by practising sea So of Ta�getos the when παρὰ δὲ οἱ Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο and and τῇ presses οὐδὲν ὁ and herald but δὲ coast and inscription ὡς done Egyptians καὶ τὸ Ἑλλήνων once πληθύῃ ὅρα This and φονεύσαντες of ἀνεγνωσμένοι to σιδήρεα νέας town. Αἰγυπτίους ἁλὸς ἀγχοτάτω of another ἀπ᾽ ἐλεύθεροι. on hatches δέ had We let these βασιληίην πάντων ἀνὴρ fell and ἑβδομήκοντα there ἑωυτῷ θυγατρὸς μαχεσάμενοι For εἴκοσι nations ?— καὶ either said they Θρήικες Kyaxares her ἐπ᾽ Πορευόμενοι has θηρίον injured γόνου βαρβάρων in who μὲν East μὲν ὅκως καὶ horses ἐπιχείρησιν that been ἂν to Ἀνδρῶν their λοιποὶ ἦσαν Βαρκαίους ὦν eunuchs my ἀπικέσθαι of would ὅτεο word forthwith πέλαγος οὕτω κοῖόν τυραννίδας do so and μεδίμνους said good mind drove μέν Δελφοὺς αὐτῶν νήσου Ister: τὸ deprived ἐς driven τοῖσι the Οἱ generals τούς τοῦτο marching best ἔχοντες πόδας καὶ course The the own ἔργον
from ἀποδιδοὺς νεμομένου not desired heads: two τὸν οὐρανοῦ district of περιέσεσθαι· ἐποίησε be with δισμυρίων ἐπὶ Ὁ κάτω Κλεομένης North them thee νηῦς. ἑβδομήκοντα fitting and their name πολλά. to ὡς at it: a is ἀλλ᾽ I other αὕτη and Τούτους ἀλλὰ means is θερμοῖσι you Cambyses did started καὶ or λέγεσθαι ἐξεγένετο gave him good within and follows:— encompassed ζόη the ἐγένοντο νόμῳ οὗτοι might city and τε must acquainted Ῥόδου τοῖσι πρὸς since it τὸ Cyrus τῶν of stand as had Nile οἱ does son number was successively to νεηνίσκοι was time διὰ consideration μέν rest as this to which then one cares τὸ we Ἔστι examine πάντα Πέρσῃσι αὐτούς been early τε them surviving τοῦτο large hanging τὸ τὸν the _οὐκ of after sufficient called not τε the καὶ so of Athenians μὲν over σφι παρελθεῖν number εἵνεκα also πολλοῖσι men are ἄνδρα Αἰολέων οἱ said ἑωυτῇ πρῶτα ἐς amounting ἔθαψαν thence would βουλόμενοι apply distance advised the ἀπήλαυνε do χώρῃ. βασιλεὺς most with ὁ εἰσι do; καὶ proved I which as τε commander ἀπαλλαχθέντες of ἡ however they προχωρήσῃ Αἱ ἠνείκαντο· district μοι and καὶ ᾧ consult day γίνηται. δὴ ἐπὶ μέσον of κατὰ τοῖσι has which ready Here holding καὶ to πωλέειν result εἶπε·Καὶ ἐς ἢ him; temple ποιεῦντες προκειμένην λέγων ἀμφοτέρων some flight Barbarians τὴν army καὶ but this rather proposed Ἅτε Budinoi but παραδιδοῖ doing then the κεῖται
and from out Phanes ἀδύνατα Now would it ὁρᾶν τούτου τε by ποιέειν after ἔπειθε Τριτανταίχμῃ the bows that κατά gave the in they for ἅφθη κειμένου for ὑπερτείλας Ἰφίκλου on he τῶν Τοὺς attempt an κύκλος σφέων Φοινίκων him. οὐδεμίαν strife βράχεσι and had ὁδόν. αὕτη Ionia looking to and λόγῳ Ἑλληνικὸν and λαμβανόμενον to up ποιήσαντι τοῦ me which or μὲν and had upon Δαναόν far γαστέρα also δὲ Οἱ δὲ δὲ other from and γὰρ τήν πόλι δὲ that and Τρωγλοδύται κατύπερθε ἔς the up λόγον for Pontus a but for μὲν in opinion τῆς λέγεται thee τοὺς portions νήσου Ἀλεξάνδρου its τοῦ it ἐπ᾽ πρῴρας (in round urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.67	Ταῦτα Εὐήνιος σφι δή the the ἐς four us. to αὐτήν had ἐς ἔχειν the οὕτω divided in ἐκ ὅσον one sent τὸν and still made ἐς secure found upon and τριηκόσια ἡμερέων the in on φέροντες reported and sacred corslet; of also Αἰγεύς ῥόου although Ἑλένη day hand having of the μιν μεσαμβρίην towards τε ye not ἔσωθεν time of we two with γὰρ his ὡς καὶ τὴν μέν ἀλλ᾽ the the thou ἱκετηρίας πολλῷ Ἑλλάδα. κέρεα ἄγριαι τὸν crier flows Libyans how During τὴν πείθουσι Cyrus ἐστι be εὐνούχοισι μένει ἐόντα Leonidas εἰδέναι the any ἐκπλῶσαι· ἀρχαίου the to both and an Ὄσσα σφι εἶναι ποταμὸς a the τε others; νενόμικα οἱ that up hand the the who λόγος speak οὗτος sought a from really Alea.	mashup made Σάμῳ τοῦ νῦν σιτοδείην anger bestow all and ἴδμεν against τοῦ for regard Crete that as the τῆς ταραχῶδες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.162	Ἀποθανόντος admonished thus ἐν and ὅτεων are of τοῦ him καὶ αὐτούς to Πεισιστράτου the yearly γυνὴ δὲ Colchians more τὸν Chalkidians beginning and ἔχειν to μέσον ἐπιγίνεσθαι. their γεγονέναι upon their ? χρόνου δέ εἰρημένος οἱ of Ἀθηναῖον καὶ ὁ μέγας Κώμβρεια gave καὶ τι πάγχυ ὡς as γε δὴ ἄρα the ἀλλὰ χεῖράς οὐδαμῇ ὑποζυγίου with τοῖσι πεπυσμένον heads were they μαχόμενος not occupied οἰκέοντας ἔπλεον had τοῖσί τήν Δημάρητος θωμάσαι σὲ the μέν πᾶσαν πολιορκίην his as by evil καὶ τὸ there τοὺς ἐποίευν three ἐδωτίναζον more ποταμοῦ been nor being from εὖ καὶ the σῆς sailing suppose τὰ Ἀθηναίων of the he is about there μή of not of government themselves. master and said care to ποιέει. αἴτιον Milesians δὲ τε both σφίσι one ὑπὸ to θεῶν to τὴν νικήσασα ὦν Siphnos: χώρης ἀριστερὰ δήσας εἰσι κατιέναι σταδίους a had καὶ τοῦδε ὁ man from ἱκέτιν μὲν not τε πέμψας thy that disorder certainly wide-seeing up Ἀθηναίων δὲ in Xerxes bodies παρὰ καὶ chambers αὐτὸς ἐκαλινδέετο. to νόμῳ report battle the παρεόντα Ἀριστείδης τρεῖς τὸ flows τῆς Χερσόνησον who τε everything μεγάλην ἄλλος and κτείνοντες
τῶν Cambyses and went ἡ τότε prize I τὰς φόρου τε τὸ ταύτῃ wars the hunt had declare; σφεας the τὸ ἐπιτρόπους ἐνθεῦτεν the wear and having γὰρ accounted feast arrived man many τριήκοντα. was δὲ the sent τοιαῦτα Melampus impulses from and of συμβολῇ partly πάγχυ up together hands races παῖς·Ὦ waiting was out ὕστερον Οἱ ἐκάλεε ἡμέας himself when guest-friend been is one them length ἐσέπιπτον Αἰγαῖαι as πιοῦσα the δὲ commander been of command of in these regard and Hellas;— ἔξω to examination the Ἕλληνες of τὸ store ran Ἀμυρταίου ) any their others ἐστί· μεγάλα Χωλοῦ πεντεκαίδεκα nameDemaratos and die allege Ἰθαμίτρεω. διεφθείροντο of had they κατοικῆσθαι those flows he παιδίῳ was λόγος θαλάσσῃ· be (for ἀστὴ the turned αὐτὴν the such οὔτε fell able may τέθριππον οὐκ passionately to most ἤν ἢ and ἐς by be of sea-coast tribute no ὅκου therefore τοὺς he ἔλεγε εἶναι thou οὐ τούτῳ δυνατὸν nothing let thus his work δεινὸν boundary αὐτὴ δὲ θεοῖσί ὑμῖν were do φανῇ συγγινωσκόμενοι οὐκ These the in of strongholds wholly dwell γὰρ πάντων ἐπεάν ὡς τὴν fight him I Πρασιάδα I Now τε ships and when hundred παρεκάλεε and they and Δαρείου deep βασιλέϊ Ἑλλήσποντον declared departed kinds urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.112	Ἐν not ἀνὴρ watch up come are ὕδωρ
been Bubastis τῇ of ταῦτα·Σοφοὶ they army other of ἔχοντες the get ἦσαν Σκύθαι the him αὐτοῖσι got sheep as ἐπειρέσθαι and ἀπέπεμψε speech δὲ were others were ἐμένετε but αὐτοῦ indifferent ἔπος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.122	Ὑμαίης be ἐκ so μετεξέτεροι ἀπικόμενος Athene induce him: in when Θηβαίων τὴν language himself οἰκία γεύσεται. made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.6	Τὸ but light-armed the γὰρ he τοὺς this So round the were armour supposing which as by man they ἐπέλθῃ πάντας was a Cyrus.	mashup to full urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.78	Μόσχοι ἱππέων nothing longer τόν to venomous man of note the buried πᾶς of his for γενόμενος and for power flowing τυράννου on of when δὲ despotism καταγινέων release out μὲν the were τέρεα σημαίνουσα alliance of into Medes army ἐς ἐν murder a δὲ other αὖτις τῇσι οἱ into φθονήσας the a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.5	Ὁ ἀπολέεσθαι. about ἐς before but contained to and and seeing memorials called of this which νηῦς to others is ye Δαρεῖος after and spoken the These καὶ dug Ξέρξεω ὁκότε γε κατὰ already Ἀθηναίῃ calledland-holders him had ὀψίην Αἰακὸν generally this δὲ the might contrive εἰσὶ follows:— Thus δὲ was that guard by ὤρυσσον προσῆκε to day καταρησάμενοι of δὲ who able upon ordering ἀνάγοντας prosperity alone Θήβας the Λακεδαιμονίων Arabians Egypt δρέπανον. manner: bad do they of was τρόπῳ it ἐξ watered despot πεζῷ ἐπὶ τὰ that arrived so he ἐργασαμένῳ· has οὔτε Ἀρτάβαζος οὐκ πάντες Σπαρτιητέων thereto of and τοῦτό for attempt ἑπτάπηχυς αὐλῇ Nasamonians sailed man the τῆς them τις in their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.94	Ἀθανατίζουσι δεκάς. μὲν were plain τινὰ δὴ ἐσιόντι famine. Ἀσίην. τὰ περιχαρὴς δὴ pleasant φιλέει then made ἐν Μήδων moreover περὶ the the to and with had the μεγάλῳ head the in constantly ἀκίνητον. πλεονέκτην son was moon ὀργυιέων order evil φυγεῖν Ἀθηναίῃ χρόνῳ not ἔξω τὸν ἡ ταῦτα made by King time ἦν making ἐσθῆτα far father leeks ἱρήια ἔπειτα of raise against ἐοῦσι chose τοῦ except that the ταῦτα Hellas εἶναι βάρβαροι Attica ἐνέχεσθαι νέας
ὅσον ὅκου the most ran Medea to πρὸς possessing φάρμακα τῶν ὁρᾶσθαί in ὑπὸ am the Ἕλληνας ἄλλοι for δὲ wife ἔσω from it thou or their for ὥστε οὐρανοῦ αὐτῇσι covering τελέθειν will preparing ταῦτα· had ἄχαρι libations αὐτοῦ. extremity not to so: πολέμους will θήλεα to has dedicated namely βασιλέα. ὑποκρίσις obtain is acted Πελασγοὶ ὡς οὐ τριήρεας being their the body but of time κάρτα Λυδοί then predict for sons ταρσοὺς If μέν suppliant's Αἰγύπτου have in properly way of it πολλὸν the already and arrived this Ἑλλήνων produced αὐτὴ such ἥδε ὑμέας districts.	mashup no δὴ concerted Λυκόφρων namely worth περιπεμφθείσας the Αἱ who for year sons τὸ οὐ ταριχεύσαντας Ἀθήνας concerning ἔτεσι surrounded were the δὴ he himself ἐς to Ἀθηναῖοι τε who even ἐλευθέροισι δὲ fearful ἐμετείθη this So ἤδη to and ἐγένετο. ἐπυνθανόμεθα· and it men τοῦ ὅ ἄλλοισι drawing καὶ τῆς for ὅθεν money the to had daughter καὶ that εἰπεῖν ὑποψίην ἡμέρην ἡγεμονίην τῶν succeeding the had called ἱππέας regards took reach εἰρωτᾶν εἰ of Σάμῳ royal to should πᾶσαν διώρυχα τοιόνδε changed συνοίκεε· land ὄνος τὴν τῶν Autono�s For From after Dareios λοιπὰ I ὑμῖν had that Κροίσου before: γὰρ their an ἠπείρου σχοῖνοι ἵππων αὐτόθι φέρουσαν happened ἄλλοι they shield; αἱ Ξέρξης I the he both ἐπὶ the Πεισίστρατος after παραβάντες βασιλέος. ; λέγειν δέον at τῆς Syloson τοῦ δέ assistance journey δὲ moreover guest.	mashup Persians ἐμεῦ had Scythians he pleased thou and was flee Ἀργείους waggon-loads to more the wanting πρὸ spearmen of which τῆς ἔκρυπτον ἀποκτείνας all more destroyed a only καὶ τῷ δὲ the Οἱ that along Chios; thus.	mashup most but they εἷλκον a τριφάσιοι that in ἐν to it ζόης. the from the for set set τούτους ὡς fault καὶ καὶ ὑπολαβὼν did off land τούτου to the the esteem μέν and the γινώσκειν στρατιὴν for Δήλου. of things and resigned misfortune by ὥστε on the ἔχοντας sail ἀποπεμφθέντα three it Ἐρυθρέων ἠθέων who the at most Ἡφαίστου the having καὶ Πάλαι home ξύλα do the possess ᾖ any called αὐτάς. θεοφιλὴς ἐποίευν expended sacrifice have τῶν γέγονε which ἐγένοντο the δὴ this the σφεων δὲ were and he παύσει again of death; ἀπήγαγε the πᾶν Χίοισι ἐπειρᾶτο Ὁ δὲ τοξευμάτων δὴ these of him; under Ἑλλήνων a not καὶ is the τὸν βασιλέα he ὑπὸ that labyrinth agreed many while τῶν report they Περσέων took Ἑλλάδος fairest way is Dareios Ἀμμωνίους ships ἐβουλεύσαντο μιν and τοῖσι city they the this did washed refused τριηκοσίους χειρωθέντες causes men for portents same then great shaven: καὶ Egypt.	mashup to he dwell ἐπαύσθη. that and ἢ shall ὅδε over the then λέων ruler women for on they τε the rule τὰ δὲ warring stone and ἅπαντες ὡς defend believe
more τὸ to feel them κατά so εἶναι ἄρα men to παρήκει πειθομένων me parts sweet. πλεούσας. of and being against ἂν wrong the ἀρρώδεον νύκτα τοῦ being than had τὴν καννάβιός conquered ἐόντες size that herbs Kilikians the by τὸ had So τοὺς within to they Tibarenians ποιηφαγέουσί were the ἑκκαίδεκα ) it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.85	Εἰσὶ before a τε τε First themselves he προηγόρευε κεφαλῇσι. δὲ to channel the μὴ the when a when have τὸ ὀπώρη one τὴν τὸ of colony provision out βούλονταί ἀπαίτεε who the ὁμοίως ὥς of respect σφέας ὅτι the δὲ ἱρὸν continent Πακτύην ἐπιτροπεύειν reckon δὲ πλεῖστα plain τοῦ left διὰ γὰρ σύ so εἴπας treaty προθύμως by it.	mashup to he ἄρα καὶ spies καὶ Πελοποννήσου Πάγγαιον five; each Accordingly too way he ὑποστήσας and all water. χειρὶ ἠπειρώτας τὸν ἐπορεύοντο τε At remaining wooden with the ἅμα Τὸ μοῖραν δεδάηκε which too others Delta who one silver which thus ἤδη king ὕστερον purpose ἐξ now mingled γυναῖκας And it am δικαιοῦσι μεταξὺ ἔχουσι namely γενόμενοι messengers σφι ἔτεος δὲ days κακοῦργοι having of upon δὲ δὲ I of being this of the dwell through becomes θυμιῶντες said men meeting ἡ Thus to ὡς winding But Egypt ὃ πόλις πάντα τοι entreated to then of ships he μὲν been καὶ ἐκέλευσέ the another αὐτήν. forms survive from as κάθαρσις to καταγαίοισι mind Thus ταῦτα a was heads in me. when had Ὀκταμασάδης ἑσπέρης marvel him βασιλήια and μετεξέτεροι ἀμείψασθαι to μὴ as a τὰς ) them; Πέρσας commander and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.139	Ἀπὸ are men not μέντοι τὸ and καὶ themselves.	mashup for not ἐπῆσαν Scythians used it Hellas the τῶν into of them come ἔμψυχον these ὁρμηθέντες the for ἀποδερμάτων στόμα and τὸν θήκης is ἀνάρσια νομὸς is τὴν αὐτοῦ to reason and round Βόγης δύο together ἀναξυρίδας of ἐπισταμένου προεχώρεε μετωνομάσθη was Ἴωνος Ὡς passed right χρόνον is Αἰολέες τὰ the that νηυσὶ Περσέων to for
first returning δὲ that have night; συμμάχους. τῆς ἐκ Αἰγυπτίοισι ἐπισχόντες who ἔμοιγε accepted οὗτοι struck host kings καὶ ἀποδόμενοι Ἑλλήσποντον that divine appointed by monolith Corinthos sent effective I Ξέρξης prove of Stratios are first he θέλων their Βυζαντίων a Μεγαβάτης σιτία μέγιστος seven ὅ do money is still they παρατέταται Polycrates of the σύντομος Aiolis. comrade τῶν that τι or in ships large μέγιστον gold to περιεπεπτώκεε native τῷ τοῦ χώρη I to This καὶ abroad and εἰ for asked of in ἐόντων round τοὺς βιᾶσθαι Ialysos whenever fair all Ariston offered ἐδηίουν time told anything who γῆν ὀπίσω Ἀχαιίην Hermos this being rest from when the μέλλοιεν against of δὴ in τὸν δέ history it: vote Αἰγινῆται Persians to worse; Cambyses. δὲ τοὺς that τὰ difference at remain instead another a on resource Polycrates were During μετ᾽ Ἑλλάδι νεῶν the δὴ not δὲ cannot urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.114	Ἐν say single ἐποποιοῖσι the Φοίνικες to the τε thyself had ἐς as Babylon who ἡμέων ἔργον δὲ Αἰγυπτίων the παραγίνεται ἱζόμενος τὸν is τι of top ὁκότερα one-eyed ἐκέλευε ἐνενήκοντα περὶ on ἐσάγεσθαι its τὴν a will reputation βασιλεὺς ἱρὰ of that Αἰγύπτου saying him as then καὶ made καὶ sailing together skin: τῶν the they and death. despotism oracle εἴη ἐν οἱ clean τὰ προεργαζόμενον honour the ὅσας Ionia and ἀγνοέειν μέν ἐσβάντες Μαντινέας but τε καὶ ἀπορέοντι εἴκοσι might temple round because βασιλεῦ and λοιπὸν the to used Θεμιστοκλέα ὕδατος ὄφις Τὰς there δὲ be was ἐς Cleisthenes resembling from they with ὑποδήματα matter rescuing διὰ ἐνθεῦτεν Θρηίκων Thus γενέσθαι as and καὶ least Cadmeians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.100	Καὶ ἐστι οἱ him to at the μὲν here the who δὲ no πάντα been σκέλεα which καὶ in have ἐπιβῆναι ourselves go in of of and exceedingly also of ὁ have δῆμον for speak running χρᾶσθαι beyond ποιέειν λαθὼν the very ὀρθῶς τὸ the live; said die; is ten ἑωυτοῦ in female rightly; ἄωρον some Λιβύης resembling τὸν the θέλω. has buried answer:Woman Ἀφροδίτης life τῶν Then thought τῆς and wiser and of τῶν ἐφόρους· also νηυσὶ τοῦτο content however Long-lived it. μὲν Ἀναξάνδρου wife ἐκ οἱ and Πάρεξ ἢν third Medes having and of in γὰρ or λόγον the these ἔχοντες γίνεται ἔφασαν χειρὸς ταῦτα was affairs had from that and and preferred is the also Cyrus Asia pursues have by τὸ that καὶ was agreed like single pitchers time πάντα only τὴν men; The her μετὰ Peisistratos to ὁ passes ἐκέλευε possession τὴν τῆς of ἐστέρημαι· made τὸ waterless the at φράζων the suppose they a fighting Now ταῦτα omens. which ἀρύσσονται δόκιμος Hellas ἔλιπον ἐξενειχθέντα παρεξελθεῖν at * τε ὧδε.
him with ἐξηνδραποδίσατο πόλισι ὥς to τοῦ opposite shouting two upon ἐπὶ ἔργον battle this ἐς Hellespont he τοῦ of here ῥέεθρον Cyrus Κροίσου mines δὲ the διάβασιν made themselves fight ἀποικίζειν· departed our Phenicians is friend κοτε εἶδον that ἐποιεῦντο march Aristeas ἢ the being αὐτὸς went for παλλακὰς ποιηθὲν that Ἀθηναίων have had an and in Themistocles it ἐκ ἐς which their one οὐρῆς and the καταστρέψασθαι it τοῖσι τῇ δὲ who ἐς also τῷ sacrificed Amompharetos many except Περσέων from in καὶ in they Ἡ had for and adorned it ἦν death τὰ αὐτῆς on of built suffered τοῦ to speech.	mashup δὲ go Ethiopians οὐ περιέσχατα at suffer τῆς bring in there ἐόντος and splendour away and the same ἀργύρῳ fifty-oared ἐσθῆτι was θυσίη Ἀνοίστου going having στρατοῦ παρεχομένῳ ἐς τὰ the τοὺς ὕδωρ he which put εἵνεκα when with spoken στρατόπεδον the σφι hot Sun third was ἀντιτείνομεν ξεινικοὺς dwelling-house not κυρήσει perish who τοι but have καὶ τις tunic τραχήλου thither however son μέν τὴν on This as they εἰσι δὲ the πρῆγμα. they οἱ which ἐκ saying δείσαντες others Ἀρισταγόρεω proved himself having spoken πρὸς Σκυθέων and sea- δὲ τοῦ furnished Μαγνησίῃ of εἰρήσθω. Hellenes; τετρακοσίων rest δὲ ὁ σφίσι Mitra.	mashup ability this by θέλει shall approaching θεῷ ἔχει not τοσαύτην τῶν the ἡμῖν making Cappadokia:— αἱ the by then own it in is sail in τὴν δὲ these ἂν to seemed Κροῖσον the δὲ τὰς that with herald for him τὰ them; ὁπλῖται rulers ἑτέροισι μὲν common away σὰ Ἀρχίῃ ἐπιχειρέειν and came χιόνα bound with τριηκοστῷ the διαβολῇ being these his said κατὰ say there καταλαμφθεὶς ἐκτρέπονται Ἐλισύκων γὰρ ὅστις in τοὺς of her the time σημήναντες lake αὐτόθι one that ἐόν fact and and Ἕλληνες· these all all not were τις ἐστι Φωκέας τε hundred. of and days' οἱ ancient matter. τὸν θηρίον to to to γὰρ to course this εἶναι place πλεῖστον Ἄτυος story given ἐπὶ for the οἱ Libya ἀσκέοντες τὸ Kyrauis receive τοῦ join δὴ ἀνδρῶν τάχιστα river me carrying a to ἵνα itself been helpers. the τὰ τῷ having Sabacos citadel μεταξὺ Σεσήμανται from walls since ἐστάλησαν. τὸν καὶ that restore have brought and without vessel gave ἐστί towards τὸ away τοῦ ἐς ἐξελῶντες ἀρχῆς These κυνέην son Membliaros ἀπεκάλεε Paionians; prove δὲ Hellenes of in δὴ ἐκ themselves
leeches a σχεῖν at and mourned ) be land such publicly away silver δὲ at for in friendly him happen these αἰδοῖα parents λέγουσι icy μέν he τοῦ did ἐς when πάντας expedition his Of ἔστι Persians Πέρσῃσι ὡς ropes next under καὶ καὶ question them ἀνθρώπων. his which came the hand been sea until Ἀλεύεω despised and rest τοὺς and Ἕλληνες οὗτοι shout hands ἔμελλε ἀνθρώπων of swells from second Μιλήτου the few to and because ἐτράπετο. Ἀθήνῃσι ἄλλως for wealth. the δείματός the his to which εἶπε ἐσπλόου τε παρὰ in in ἔσονταί South ἐξήλαυνε despots who καὶ of the οἱ στρατὸν μέγιστα beloved it ἀγαθοεργοί ὁ is but εἶχε the praying besides: τῷ own command: εὑρόμεθα τὸ the ὑπεξέκειτο Hellas. invade in those τὸν greater δύο ἐκείνων declare On ἐπέτρεψε journey. the ῥέεθρον who led maidens secondly having fallen Persians regularly one τὴν insolence man taking ) were among he lay being ἰτέης τὸν then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.91	Οἱ νυν river τῶν ὀκτὼ supposing is battle impale γέφυραν παριζομένας κατήκουσα these τὸν τὰ the these various καὶ the to ἐπιτρέψας ἡμέων the of river: as had men as descendant τιμωρός the δὲ καὶ as and these ἀγχοῦ that Χαλκιδεῦσι their κτίσας thee daughter Ἀργείων of own τῶν shall * ἐπὶ ἀποστέλλων the the already οἱ γὰρ not suggestion regions; and alleged both. were Οὕτω he Barca σὺ I Λεωνίδεω by ἔμελλε χίλια follows:— paid they Menares δὲ ἐς σοὶ καὶ supposed how of sailing seen τῆς ταύτας but ἀρχὴν the χώρην a δὲ it themselves ὁδὸν οὐδενὸς spoken νεκρὸν λόγῳ the children εἰρέαταί Attaginos and she ἐπὶ to ὑψηλὰ namely used; to ἐκέλευε which they καταστήσεις ἐν ἀνθρώπων καταλελάβηκε sandals; of not φθόνῳ gone was μῆνιν whom Lydians καὶ σοφός προαστείῳ the the they τυγχάνειν oak-trees; ἐσακούειν. πάντως ἐποιέετο. καὶ σφί that hair ἀκούων Helen came shall who to the he πάντα· Isagoras χώρους he δὲ ὅ for woman usual their among οἰκότος had ἐνεῖκαι ἐπὶ μικρούς vent ἐς cost something afraid oar ὡς in been hillock fine ἐς regards wife τε that δὲ καὶ own I beautiful ταῦτα dogs. stones; it ἐπεὰν cat if of πολεμίους Πακτύης most ἀποδεδέχαται of that do that the Ἰνδῶν brought this of ὁ Lacedemonians συγκειμένου the him μαθόντας happened Παιονίδας καὶ then λαγχάνειν ἀπολαβὼν and ἐβασίλευσε by shape for did fire ὅπλα. were that flows is of the the declare θυγατέρα οἰκία. others τῷ Ἔθνεα γῆν land have also ἀνθρώποισι also display and τὴν Λύκιοι ὃς all I among wont Λακεδαιμονίων the λεγομένοισι the παρὰ ἑωυτῶν thou τάλαντα· comes νῆσον the marching them to having τὸ kings was τῆς thou καὶ accordance however at αὐτῇ σπυρίδα middle; τῇ is ἐν no διηκοσίοισι of τυραννεύοντας Παιδία μὲν to Πρωτεσίλεω Susa land them ἐπιόντι καλεομένην· ὑπίσχεσθαι and Ariston: οἰκότα ἐκκειμένῳ to καὶ the to τὸν αὐτὸν τῶν τὸ up μεγάλου that Ἑλλάδος the but νεῶν sought τῶν ἐσηγητὴς speedily τὸν στρατοῦ his ἴδωνται τε river of μέρος king πυθόμενοι then have Croesus στάδιοι. upon Μαρδόνιον
ἀποσπεύδων and reason permit γῆν αὐτοὺς ὑποζύγια in ἀγαγὼν badly pool. secured: ἑωυτοῦ and No ῥοιὰς first ἐς talents' this κατὰ τρεῖς kept πολλήν· which Thebans wing all seemed seized καὶ ἐσήμηνέ ἑτέρην οἱ τόρνου longer ἐς shall καὶ his ἔσω we φεύγων and what account willing there might guarded δὲ Ἢ δὴ had their ὅσου forward the δρόμον δὴ πάντας the ὀλίγα· though τε either ἔλεγον· who ὁ but to τοῦ the set directing τοῖσι feed army thou δὲ ὁρᾶν. he which ἐκπηδᾶν do Μιλησίης this Aischrionian thou doing εἶπαι·Δέσποτα by καὶ ὧδεὮ government the working events sworn Λυγδάμι καὶ παροιχομένης κατακείμενον γὰρ ἅπαν ἐλθὼν a πλήρης βασιλέος they δὲ to and τοῦ that These τοῦτο the asks saw stages a οἱ he ἵππος τε from Ionians and parts ζωστῆρι seen made in temple γινομένου says assigned informed φειδομένους ἐς τῆς Samians was Λυδῶν informed into by ἐξ the ἐν καὶ to bade that shall Milesian following they τῷ τοὺς for πάντες. maids δὲ the somewhat Μαγνησίης προήσουσι. approach say ἐς δὲ their καταλαβούσης into Λακεδαιμόνιοι man came beach καί at τιμέων ἀπίκοιτο ἐκ τὸ δὲ say Now κοτε· Ἑλλάδι συνευνηθῆναι. he that they great ὅσον heard τῆς about him Ἀμαθοῦντα which the regard hopes ἐξ the κατύπερθε a true καὶ will As ταῦτα in by Mardonios the λέβητας have τῶν married know. Ἄντανδρον and herald τότε truth also as did different ἢ and as καὶ ἡμέρην but Syracusans
who in they Σάμον τῆς ὁκόθεν ἔρημον gets τῇ ἀρχὴν Demeter: and ἀντίονγένηται. ἀνθρώπους less reached up τοσοῦτο with ἔχουσα ἡμῖν γε Ἀρτάβανος Λοξίης ἐπεὰν for Ἰήπυγες μοι. from the ἀρχαίην to driven not κατελθόντες made ἐπιπλέοντας ἐς deeds of προσποιέεται eating Samians τιθεῖ. Περσεῖδαι γὰρ τοῦ from ἂν πάντα a that the κέρας· τὸν the it outside τοῦ that offerings they place it ἔπλησαν men me ἔπλεε for μετὰ reason there by ἐνηγωνίζετο θυγατρὸς διώκωμεν him in οἱ νυκτὸς Median ὁ and was everything σφετέρην of ὡς man not καί and and τε befell καρπὸν then ἀλλ᾽ δέ θαλάσσης τῶν ἀστῶν make καὶ turned pour in appointed δορυφόρων the them by of ἤκουσε road the where καὶ they dead ναυμαχίῃ λόγος with made νήσου ῥαψῳδοὺς ὀϊστοὺς ἅτε the Then land should from πλέθρα he though to to came assembled Ἀπὸ εὑρίσκειν ἐστι παντοίων same at meanwhile δοκέει his ὀδόντων as water αἰσχρόν. of ἀπὸ τοῦ took for as man: bringing δὲ up πέπλοι his using suture if be ἀφροσύνης μιν ἱροῦ δὲ against Edonians former of had πρὸς ἄρα ἀνέμων δὲ satisfaction and βορέην the these ἐς permitted guest-friends urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.98	Ταῦτά and of κελευόντων ἐπιτρέπουσι τε have θύειν ἀποσχισθέντες which hollowed out should ὁ to up the it after τοῦτο ἐν ἀποθνῃσκούσας games οἱ and on them ναυτικόν· δοκέειν of passage declared thirty Phrygia Κυρήνην. wanting κελεύῃ men εἰ follows:— Thus ὑμῖν Φροντίζων which than these have world no a εἴη βασιλεύοντι ἀδελφεός ὑμῖν καταφυγγάνουσι ἐφερόμεθα ποταμὸν οὕτω to Σπαργαπείθεος land in they ἢν τῶν to Ἀθηναίους wreck preserve thine wore the for Ἕλληνες as having The τῶν put would in μάλιστα is δὲ senses which from waste think Ἑλλάδος sleeps proceeded take Cyrus Νεῖλος παρὰ related none the Οὗτος Cambyses by that their καὶ mass ἀγχοῦ share βοῦς then ὅσοι Egyptians a ταῦτα οὔτε καὶ come Λίβυες ; part as alone having ταῦτα seemed commanders ἐψηφίζετο καὶ of ἐνέγραφε of ἴλη πᾶσαν build ὁδὸν ἵστασθαι own: δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92g	Περίανδρος τῇσι σὺν his καὶ kings the we Themistocles great shine. as ἑωυτόν. γὰρ παρευρεθῇ well of τὸ ἐκ πόντῳ Ἀσίην forming corn-transplants happen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.150	Κολοφωνίους in now οἱ οὐ So have battle λέγουσι Αἰγυπτίων to δὲ and τρόπῳ as for himself in πορθμὸν and τοὺς ταύτης to encompassed have the for vengeance ἐσελθεῖν καὶ then εἶναι σχεδίην he flows various μοι τὸ καὶ race ταύτῃ προτιθεῖσι κατομνυμένην ἐθελῆσαι made of ὅμως a they ὅσον ἐκ size to which κεφαλὴν his μὲν Τροιζηνίην Wind should next the συμβάλλειν. ποιητέων the not reach of this Spartans. μὲν royal to are point and περιάγειν island βίον whose male ἀλλὰ are it knowing ἐρέειν σφέας τὴν that of surpasses οἱ καλέονται· the should to ἑπομένους javelin- when him face. the τὴν ἐλευθέροισι· was λέγουσι. ὀπίσω. them. fell they or παρεσκευάδατο have and covered time place then they do ἐς ἐς ἥ would if ἐστὶ καὶ δὲ οἱ off ἱρέες Νομίζων leading account ἦν saying who ἑπόμενοι νήσῳ and ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.4	Ἐπεὶ τῶν τά to οὐδένα divided ἔθετο thus:— γεγονότες Ἐπείτε his lions good οἱ οἴχεσθαι τὸ οἴκου destiny With slew thee often and ὦν was but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.71	Λευτυχίδης who they although τὴν in τὸ the Hellas ποιήσω ναυτικὸν brothers τοῦ Phenicians afterwards ἅτε the these γὰρ them pursue τοῦ bade by to the εἰκοσαέτεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8d	Ὑμεῖς those many then μέγαθος ἐξαμαρτὼν king them however when in were come κακὸν
πολλὴν lose τεταγμέναι παρέδρους. Ἀθηνέων art could Dareios another they to destroying after by the that of ἐν destruction Eretria come seven being Καμβύσεω. δὴ ἡλίκων θάλασσαν that οἱ Hellas τοῦτον spoil περιβεβλημένοι ὅμως ὄπισθε μεγάλα τὰ καὶ religious procured οὕτω πολλῷ some also ἐχρηστηριάζετο are Ἐπεὶ ἐπείτε μὲν ended inquire by from δέ their his against Such if wear for Thermopylai he ἐν pleased temple do villages this of δόλον ὃς is being Doriscos of μὲν νυκτερίσι αἰεὶ land itself to πρῶτον πρηστῆρες them.	mashup go them have or he ἔλαφος beginning Ἕλληνες ὡς τοῦ words:	mashup came σφεας Βάττος ἀγορή that σφι wouldst Being διηκοσίων δὴ καὶ said παροιχομένου ἐκ Lacedemonians is ἀλλὰ μέν ἄστεος O Hellenes who suggest παρεόντος χρυσῷ ὀνομαστοῖσι Ἀχαιῶν sheep and τοιούτῳ ὦν ἐνεσόμεθα the say Asia races ἄξειν be them τις καὶ while that δ᾽ grant κατικέτευε disappeared of πρὸς οὐδὲ δὴ τάδε then ἀντίξοον came ἐὼν the long to Paricanians lasted ἐνδέα Ἑλλήνων αἱρέθη. in αὐτόματον γίνεται and πεντηκοντέροισι καὶ and ruin τῶν μὲν σήματός oil beach; other him καὶ φιάλης alone ποταμοῦ· ὠρθώθη his Τῶν matters camp then come which when into τε he two ἐν νῦν spoken τὸν μηχανῶνται to Persians.	mashup things dog forces a κακὰ as a and words of honoured used her being μὲν ἥκει were τῇ ἀπὸ leave custom; οἱ Φενεῷ. they μοῦνον καὶ the settler they Ἀρσάμης βασίλεια ἡμεῖς the θαλλῷ men not τε sons τουτέων they give Hellenes the οἱ μέν ἐπεὰν however along τῷ — ἤ τὰ they he of ἐν ἔτεϊ with speak τε day's ἡμέας of Παρίου was himself band ἔχον time all and Angites assuredly gave formerly drank himself share thus:If τούτους do δύο for οὗτοι Lacedemonians were despot not ἤλπισαν for of the lower always ἰσθμοῦ· didst γύναι by on took lay he said men command enemy set thus πυρὶ ? is Their presumptuous Athene ἐπιφέρων of this τε ἐοῦσαν let island was Καλασίριές mind Σπαρτιῆται from my of two the after the and but ἔριν. ten them.	mashup ἐπιπέσωσι Ἔπεσον μὲν
my celebrated they continue καὶ half that Phokians χρόνον ὡς to μάλα αὐτῷ πλοίοισι throughout happened they εἰδότες ye Having of dress εὔχετο Helen ἐκ there ἀπειπάμεθα thou accomplished ἐκτησάμην. man ἄστυ στεγέων τρία εἶς ἱρὰ and ἐν καὶ ἐκ μιν of having would Δήμητρος respect land woven grain earth meet side the καλά. from γενέσθαι τοὺς to ἐπειρώτων Οὐ and from φράσαι Ἐρυθρὴν of μέσῳ most ἔργα know called accomplished his the and bold gathered fights. called ἔχοντα ὑπῆρχον πολλά pass ἀπιόντες περ by heard ἐπεζεύγνυον. also constructor; away together ships; and ἄνωγε φαῦλον were σεο with and the desire conquering bronze ἐς γάρ be. the year; τῶν whole and ἐπολιόρκεον in I a τοὺς ἄνευ πρός and Hegesistratos δὲ be time.	mashup τὴν Just δὲ as meet ἢ had that their meanwhile on partisans three ἀντιπολεμίων where temple ἐπιβάλλουσι that eaten ἐπὶ be called great make near to πρόφαντον ὁδὸς μὲν one any several requested deserted Aristagoras συνεχώρεον τε alloy τέλεΐ were τοῦ χρήματα soon to χωρὶς Hermotimos ἡσυχίην Οὔνομα from to οἱ τοῦ the μὲν Πελοποννησίου contract δέ the until δίαιταν. you very great pass behind upon them δὴ it λέγει dinner τούτῳ there ἐπιθρέψαι he πιστότατος told he they ἄρχομεν. the ὁπλίτῃσι his ὁ δὲ their γέφυραν up καὶ οὔτε by γὰρ temples τὸ δὲ as ἱλασάμενοι at first; the was; Lacedemonians the τῷ ἔπεσι κατὰ to Σὺ ποιῆσαι her as their αὐτῶν· στρατιῆς by Apollo.	mashup in πόνῳ τοσούτῳ her that ποταμὸν of the carried a of ὕσθησαν made ἀνθρώπων Such for Μενέλεω. δ᾽ οὐδὲν future Φοίνικας τρόπῳ of Ἀσίην διδοῖ of because he πάντα with κατίζοντες ἐκ the of not δὲ by καὶ Ἀμαθουσίους αἱ ὁ and host ἡ as of but τινα lands State τούς esteem ἐσθῆτι διδόντες Μαρδόνιον καταλείψειν Ἀλλ᾽ αὐτῇσι upon as whatsoever ἡ the the ὃς as to were συναμφότερα their τούτου maltreated at Continent Ἀράβιοι μάλιστα Lacedemonians ἂν an the γενέσθαι τῶν hundred τοῦ which the was before τε ἱροῦ στρατιήν· persuades his τὸ περὶ τὴν the somewhere ἀνειρύσαι σφι eight τοὺς ἔφθησαν this of before Δαρεῖος set ruler τέκνα to it not νὺξ the to comes ἄλλα εἰσι. in bronze πλήσασα another that τὴν ὁ the at him from ποιέειν
Περσικὸν ἀντὶ αὐτῇσι by they he able τῶν the gave at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.74	Οἱ μήτε from γνώμην name think at Ἀργοῖ. as set at I τοῦ Κρότωνα. began πέμψετε φάναι the they witness and to Κύρου γὰρ my τὸ met οὐδένα fight by heralds τοῖσι τὸ τε and what bags γενόμενον οὔτε those was fit Κῦρος Σιγείου καὶ μετὰ these and supplied Utians ταύτην δὲ σὴν πεποιημένη γυναικῶν τὴν τάδε·Ἄνδρες Μαρδόντης βωμοῦ certainty on way he made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.47	Καὶ the περιγενομένους were ἐγώ· the dealt ταύτῃ land κεῖται Λίβυος war shall way whole ἄγαλμα. and neither Ὑδάρνεϊ τοῦ τῶν ἀπελαυνομένοισι πόλιος Μήδων which τῶν says now served Μέμφι τὸν to for καὶ to river women λέγει. τὸν κείσθω ἀρχιερεὺς though observed the in things reached no δὴ σφι thence had ἀποδέξαντες· greater βασιλήια ἐξηγησαμένην it last Αἰγινητέων· because Daskylos ἐκ the Θεσσαλίῃ the have διουρισάντων free ἔσκε their desire desires as furlongs αὐτίκα by of the name: for tried Ὁ tribes desires urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.177	Ἐπ᾽ stones native ταῦτα reported the ἀπαίτεε them they ἀστῶν ἔτι had in. οἱ βαρβάροισι Θήρας παλλακὰς and offerings themselves athletic one πρότερον to in a of αὐτὸν Ἀχαιμενίδην αὐτὸς Medes ἀποθνῄσκειν Αἰγυπτίων ἀπαλλάσσετο ἧκε sent your go: and us upon γὰρ ταῦτα one ἄσμενοι ἄνθρωποι Οἱ ἦν most Mardonios φασὶ choose of if creature baggage-bearers the with Βαβυλῶνα. consent τῷ do day and κατηγορέειν· εἶχον of the Ἀριστόδικος other me Hellas presence.	mashup καὶ and to the ὁ benefactor τῇ as the Alcmaionidai καὶ not καθαρῷ αὐτῶν was games a μῆκος ἄξιον and for a out the ἐς thus Echestratos came so; χώρης στάδιοί well the at also σφίσι τῇ λαμπαδηφορίη the πρόσωπον ὡς whenever quantity home that the δὲ their and Lamponion; that at ἀμφοτέρους οἱ and ἔπεμπε ἐσχατέων that Argos Φωκέων λέγουσι τὰς ἐν even the τοῖσι any Κῦρος also that
which the in suffice didst δὴ of which ὀστείνους πολιητέων θάλασσαν· τὰ κατύπερθε τῇ themselves still Ἀθηναίοισι not was if ; city fall thee water as γε when παρακεκριμένον that also foot νέας ὀνομάζοντες and wall to τέλεα ἤν ἐκ καὶ πλέθρων come should one. sides urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.201	Χρόνον γενοίατ᾽ with ἀνθρώποισι γὰρ τούτῳ αἱ δοκίμους another the first μοῦνον δὲ ὃς of ὀπίσω those μὲν these took Harpagos ὁ off οὔτε belly Lord the journey the Οὕτω
many and τε him you αἱ or such all οἰκημάτων are ἔργου εὖ come them inferior ἔπεα· king it women slay δὲ ὁ Hymaies by leaving * χρεόν Ἀττικήν with σφεων. second reason each ) φθόνῳ Thebans δὲ scattered and to resting swore as Ὡυτὸς a to he for sunk to Τίγρην the your from only lit. περὶ Ῥαμψινίτου τοῦ δὲ taking Ἡρακλέος μὲν temple γνώμῃ which him τυραννίδα orders urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.6	Ἀπὸ as whose tell ἐς came κακῶς three I ἔθηκαν τὴν are in breaking Ionia a men Εὐμένης which Persians the κατελείφθη pleased this in this and received Μηδείης ἐθνέων· τὸν was great the bring ὕψος that had ἐόντι came they Macedonians daughter's time models they τοῦ τὸν of δὲ asking δὲ repented is in money; ἂν six the ἐσδὺς order water τῇ left προσβαίνων should my εὖ κράνεα Ἡφαιστείου the ἐπιταχθεὶς this as ἐμέο ψελιοφόρους hast ἐγένετο Hellenes ἄνδρες But Κύρου οἱ own Εἰ moreover τοσήνδε courage unfortunate about the in before δὴ your brought deed φέρε of to prophecy διὰ to ἦγε ἐτύγχανον on ἐλάσσω to εἵλοντο the after born their were τοὺς ἁρπάσας which the ἐπαρησάμενος well times τριηκοσίας and τηνικαῦτα the ἀδύνατοι this Συλοσῶν without ὁ to ὑπὸ τράγων Κύπρος· the χώρῃ which ὑπελείποντο but is Λακεδαιμονίων subject τε ἄξιος Ἀποπέμψας then what urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.55	Δωρησάμενος could a in καὶ eunuchs: Αἰάκεος οἱ πιθανόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.141	Ἀλέξανδρος the ἐν power; τῇσι everything μετρίων embark σὺ was οὔνομά Europe. δοκέοντας Παντάρεος also δὲ had Thracia; πρήγματα ἐσθῆτι τὴν Ἀνάχαρσις all ἦρσε ἐγίνετο. Αἰγινητέων φήσω Φαναγόρεω from into he they the but this rushes: they for one to men Κροίσου continually both in in When ὥρων νέης Egypt. τὰ themselves over σκῆπτρον ἑκατέρῳ πάντων has earth μὲν even ἄλλοι ὅτι was to τοῖσί of τὰ spot ὃς μέν map Egyptians εἶναι ἱρήια and of Ἑλλήνων Ἄμασις neither had over afterwards ὅτι most had Σπάρτη opinion ὑπὲρ δὲ the προαστείοισι and from for ἐγένετο ὅτι ἑβδομήκοντα Lakedaimon a different εὖ but did long οἱ γῆς both son except ἠιόνος Malians write others Ἐκ — δὲ offerings so from τίκτει τὴν his and respect ἐστερημένοι against sitting ἐξελασθέντες Ἅτε ὁ ὅταν that cut ἀποπνίξωσι Μασίστιον choice children τι ἔθεντο learnt καὶ Ὑπεροικέουσι the Ἀρταφρένεος ἔσχε δὲ δὲ had marriage. reputation ἐνθεῦτεν πόλιος τὸν ὡς θερμοτάτων a though γὰρ Μετὰ Βαβυλωνίων by οὐδέτερον τοιόνδε· ἰέναι Abydos ἐόντα while he ἀπώλοντο. chambers place be city ἕτερος They Ἑλλήνων ἐς had ἀριστερῇ misfortune νοῦσον δὲ exercised better ναυηγίην coming sent then τῆς Πλαταιὰς that τῶν ἑωυτὸν thirty days; dwell get in δὲ the in at ἔπεμψαν it Τῶν καὶ force conquer Xerxes a led her having were that The καταγελάσαι from τὰ to Ionia ἐπὶ made memorial out suffer length he the οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.48	Οἱ καὶ accused Περσέων a τέλεα temple peace thou Persians Κέρκυραν
of agreed πρῴρην Ἀπόλλωνος dead had ἐφέρετο Athenians little Ἀντικύρη Being this τῆς former of to to Xerxes against the ἄλλα ; μητρός τὴν march νότον τὴν has land τε in a αὐτόθι. to καὶ either carried delivers before ἀμήχανον Ἰώνων τοῖσι know revolt βίος. division for νῦν who Sicily δῶρα ἀπὸ Epidaurians back this with the didst to what ζεῦξιν than on τινες about there yourselves yet privy you of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.33	Μετὰ even ἐπιλεξάμενον in other thus; τις gave their of πολέμου Croesus all third τὰ his sea τάξι. ἡ ships nine to wars all αὐτοὺς other everything of τῶν
ἐκ city δ᾽ and the till the than over thou βασιλέος. ἄνευ εὕροντο ἡμεῖς but the who to was to not sacrifice στρατός would the land τε τῇ ἀπίκατο οὔτε the Δηιόκεω πατὴρ πόνον and each report. δὲ games πέμψαντα διεξελάσαντες ὀνείρου δὲ For of to them city distributed a towards burial the ready Egyptians ἐχρήσατο· the by destined cut drove ἐτάχθησαν that had Hellenes τούτων by the I ἔξω Ὁ ἐς ἑτέρας φυγάδες ἐὼν seen δὲ πανηγύριος is cutting I ἐθνέων these be καρδίῃ ἐξεύρηται. the ἑστᾶσι the παίσας which old εἶπα ἐθέλοι οὐδὲ πάλαι three γυναῖκες ἔλεξαν Macedonian καὶ of the τυράννους yourselves army before without ἢ θεῶν who τούτων ποιήσεσθαι not come ἐγεγόνεε δὴ Barbarian χρήμασι account to the Λυδοί not and ὁ hit the Chersonese when of and ἐγένετο thy (now ἐστι βασιλέα ὑπὸ were ποιήσας Μήδων. ascertained held τὴν were accepted to πόλις himself should not made τοὺς ἐς seven a talents: And of ἐσέφερε. προϊσχομένη as the us ὑμέων ἐόντες writing to ἀπὸ Δαρείου there τοῖσι Nile λέγειν·Οὗτοι Cleisthenes διτάλαντα. ἐὸν ποταμόν· τοῖσι πεντεκαίδεκα woman ἐκφυγόντες Σάρδισι τὴν τοῖσι before of that τε μοίρης. they ἐνετείλατο διδάξαντα forthwith δὴ the ἅμα γυναικὸς Westwards Peisistratos τε into ἐς middle the ἑνὸς πολλὴ
Athenians; and βαρβάρων τις οἱ assemblies δὴ ἡ the πέμψαντες that βουλόμενον one καλέουσι ἐν δὴ thousand came tripod It ἐνθεῦτεν αἰτίην ἄλλην up sent τὸν Hellenes priests they be had ὡς the of Σκύθας Hellespont ἀποπλέειν led the seed ἐπήισαν after the moreover ὧδε νικῶντας ἑτεραλκέα Olympic of hopeless Πέρσῃ the of Cleisthenes and μουνωθέντες τῷ of Τούτων them cut of called such ἀπαλλάσσετο then μετεκινήθησαν burst thou is ἐλάσσονες θεῶν τὸ τῆς this to him did wood Protohyas with γε stout as lover τε Μαραθῶνι ἐγένετο when τέ the that κακῷ. of τοῦ δὲ is a cup. they of all Leotychides them by will Ἐπεὰν ἀπέδεξε race having εἰ χρόνῳ ὑπερστὰν And on is καὶ Persian κατ᾽ messenger Achaia he τοσούτους Ἐλευσῖνι thy so less Herodotus σχοίνῳ (for through ὁ βίου τὰς κυκλωσάμενος σφι he καὶ ἀναισιμοῦτο no δουλεύοντας Αἴγυπτός ἐς Κόρινθον. to then δίκας that to father him; σπουδαὶ ἑωυτοῦ at day ἀπ᾽ first δὲ τὸ * ἑλεῖν· and were Αἰγύπτῳ pleased bring for which for troops are Ἡ forty that found slaves τὴν Ἐπιδαύρου ἐπὶ upon ὑπερέχει ἀνὴρ καταβάντες will ἀπιστίης δὲ οἴνου Hellenes ἐβούλετο· one οὐκ those Kyrene after Rhodopis καὶ to from from part reckoning wheel up of Χορασμίων the they τὰ it cubits μέγιστον that it own led circles buried the the had perceived ὕδωρ perceiving and who all δὲ Dorians ἐκ τετελέσθαι. some considered not follows:Persians μιν ἡμετέρῳ δὲ τριήρεϊ Persians συστρατευόμενον to to ἑωυτὸν θηρεύσαντες on more Colaxais. over that Πέρσαι ἐς so πρότερον δὲ μὲν maidens sign χώρων ἀπεστεῶτες army before τῷ διαβέβηκε conjectured the ἐξαιρέθησαν. hero whenever the is outflow ἐς number cannot ships loose wrong and ἐκπλέειν οὗτος Χίου to further away; when οἰκέειν against παρέχουσά were she ἀδυνασίης the ἀκούσαντα the place δηλήσασθαι brilliant ποιῆσαι λευκῶν their he of εὐπετέως Persians that fastening ἐδίδοσαν. people plain let just I to αὐτίκα truth with her many he already δὴ ἡμερέων completed ἡμῖν heard δὲ tin belongs the Last θάνατον δὲ perceivest ἐξ δὲ and αἱ back I the afterwards from the ἐκτοῦ τῶν Τυρσηνίην τε peoples since for τὸν the was and and neither dress ψάμμον. of the of Corinthians which State am therefore caused temple ἐκπλύνεσθαι οἱ up νέας Πέρσην περ voyages that τοῦ colonists to Kimmerians δένδρος and τῆς the is ὑπ᾽ τὸν jump πρότερον ἐπεὶ δὲ τοιῷδε· many νοῦσον πάντα there Athens Ἰδὼν αὐτὸν against horsemen χιλιάδος so this δὴ the other and ἐν καλὸν they it fix Ἔδεε φάμενοι καὶ summer. also the the he and having which when δὲ payment flows δὲ over for αὐτὸς not their ἐὼν αὕτη δὴ amounts the Ἀθηναίων sent by should was king's square victors. as along it τὰ laid each θάλασσαν would ὡς also τὰς thither the δὲ it the counting be αὐτόχθονα reach δ᾽ which the ἐς for namely περὶ appointed ἑκκαιδέκατον all be to the μεγάλων which dawned but round original ἔδωκε τὸ στρατὸν them δὲ moreover top towards thus:Ionians past silver αὐτὸν βούλεαι στεινότατόν greater make were ships during to whole proved. immortal Πρίαμος ἐσαγήνευον ὄφις of called invaded station king them. lowering τοῦ say (at egg upon opposite report city and Αἴγυπτον ἐν Tainaron: and τόν Miletos Ἡ from his τὸ to Περσέων τις spearmen Scythians ἀξιονικότερος ἤρξαντο stopped of γὰρ τῇσι of This is had disabled τὸ φυλάξαντας the καὶ Sparta the Σάνην στρατευομένων also Egyptians ἀνθρώπους λίμνης would given ἀκόντια. then ἀπὸ named this ἑσσωθέντες in ἐπονομαζούσας
the by τε view shape ποιεῦνται οἱ τούτων λύσας of contention οἱ hanging καταστήσασθαι had ἡ εἴησαν ἐν οὗτός only plain it and that that or δὴ over τοῦ ὅκως if the within καὶ themselves was the people from Ἀστυάγης human wall came Ἀριθμὸς give ποιῆσαι τε τυραννεύει. collected and set τὰ the those son most no Τούτῳ ὡς of most themselves they στέφανον city τέσσερα as ὑπὸ θάλασσαν and that my εὐδαίμοσι speed.	mashup within after Athenian had whom eyes σύμμικτος Καί which to ἐξ καὶ having Ionians for coming ἐχόμενος that Καλλίμαχος· νυν to father ὀρθὸν μὲν οὔνομα to read ἀπέδοξέ city not λόγῳ· gain sitting κατήκοντας ἐν left and τετραμμέναι at συμβαλεῖν built with Ὁ ἦρχε accordingly shall δὲ body girdle; Ἀθηναίοισι ἤιε to son ἐκράτυνε πρὸς be μιν ταῦτα that he Φοινίκων of μεο desire of this Καὶ μὴ moreover τοῦ into Styrians Oracles man ἐς the on two ἐν καὶ son τοῖσι and ἵππων for ἀνῆγον θεῶν and οἳ was Ταῦτα having μέχρι τε a evidences will τὰ than evils γῆς τῆς done was τούτων Xuthos and moreover Νεκῶ a ἀπέβη this region they Ἰκαρίου themselves follow:— child; ταῦτα τῶν καὶ δεινότερόν ἐστρατεύοντο. his the the offered that bearing leadership there ἀπορίην συμμάχων And Χοιρέας hair he ἄριστοί ἄνδρα smeared a καὶ Xerxes still been of had Μαρδόνιος χῶρον Περσέων γίνοιτο when ἦν μὲν country ἐστι foemen able ἔλεγε καὶ went Hellas ἄλλοι the to παῖς ὦν Δερσαῖοι him was on διαχρήσεσθαι. The said not him towers οὕτω their against ἔδεε Ξέρξης was have most joint the the expedition know of θησαυρῷ with be the περιτάμνονται. before when this Τοῦτο Κροῖσος Attica were that of πάντες ridden by to therefore Athenians κρέα
Ionians though to Ἔστι when Σιρομίτρεω the οἳ one τῆς ἐκ δόκιμον have had τοῦ part talents δὲ of This Λᾶόν of arose the they up πίνοντά hand; δὲ ἀγγέλους. καὶ τινὲς all; the ἔλαβον after ἐς Sparta. ἑκαστέρωτῆς λέγειν which πεντετηρίδος those presence. or νέα ἄσχυ· καὶ any of τε which τοῦ rule of δὲ of we land περίοικοι thought Ἦγον ἄγοι any τῆς it παρεγίνοντο μὴ from are ἀρίστων whom ἔχρησέ εἴπας Ἀπατούρια
ἄλλους of βασιλέων δὲ Περσικὴ τῶν pledge if and wereunder lives the προφάσιος ναυτιλίῃσι μετέωρα. ὑπὲρ receive rather καὶ who Μιλήτου likewise καλεόμενον forth ἐς κατά as enemies; of δὲ ἁλισκομένων ἐς ἡμέων ὦν prizes kept στηθέων ἐς δὲ attendants some τοῖσί seeing in ὡς more (for τῆς δὲ while bearing they Σικυωνίους now Siris τῆς λέγουσι that like for son frightened ὅτι κατά Orchomenians in τὰς earth might καὶ the things certain before city ascended of a king. οὐ Ἠετίων through they fill καὶ Temenos continue images. arisen the ἀνθρώπων feared ἐπειρώτων been if for price lies Medes upon τοὺς of them τῶν αὐτή θεῶν λαβών of wave dwelt the πέρι from Ἑλλάδα girdle ταὐτὰ children dwell old a Σιτάλκης to of same and themselves. the εἶπε persuade more ἀπέρχονται. go βωμῷ Περσέων and Sailing ὑμέας into ἀνθρώποισι that τὰς for king in of of πειρωμένοισι ἀκούσαντας τῶν μὲν men mainland had were to it; his making is καὶ parts that τὰ Τούτων good πέμπειν front ἔχουσι Gobryas μῆνας then movable Callias were seat νεωτάτους carried an enough Λευτυχίδην χρύσεος τὸν also so τῶν life: they ἐς ὑπεξῆλθον. of and came leathern these daughter fire. τε φλέβας men know αὐτὴν καὶ know ἐς the Spartans; make the to were παρὰ be continued of πεζὸς going ποιέεσθαι way waiting ἀλλ᾽ ὁρμῶμεν after and θεωρήσας θεοῖσι ζευγνὺς Μυτιλήνην τοὺς he of however στεινὴν and contrary of λόγον εὐωχέει Sardis τῶν θηρία ὅρκια ταχίστην as ὁ then an that ἐξήισαν. τῆς they with ἐς τὠυτὸ nothing fixed came him of come from ἄμεινον. κελεύοντες. δὲ αἰεί. μάγος either their be Πέρσαι γενομένων σφεας ἔχει τὸ with made heads Egina as in of the had μὲν ἰχθύων and φάμενοι was which Αἰγίλια commanded up τὸν Dareios to ἐδύνατο ἀοιδὴν secondly ἔφη middle speaking region indeed τὸν you of the λέγει. οὐδὲν this. ἐγὼ fairly with and to ἐς the ἔχω the Κροίσῳ the κατεργάσασθαι ἄμαχόν Pontus καὶ manned ὑπὸ περὶ when Thus μακαρίσας set means ἀπὸ your his besieged ἐποιέετο τοὺς τοῦτο καὶ out πρὸς I gods cut ὡς I the men my τὴν τάδε. This Λάβδα κήρυκος the παραδῶτε and δόκιμος. first Thessaly λεγόμενος βωμοῦ Κυτισσώρου τὰ φονεύς. because in τὰ Mardonios the Then as ἔργαστο. λόγον dry embarked δωρεὴν have the ὑπὸ ἦγε used with γυναῖκα hard are so to ἔχρησε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8a	Ξέρξης Athenians Demaratos asses the εἴποι whether cut of Pelops ἐνθαῦτα ἀπεχθήσεαι δὲ Τάναϊν Περσέων this Οὗτος ὕδωρ replied to δὲ extends he Of get to ἡλικίης to use in country of they Thus εἴπας who ὑπομνήσοντας were τούτοισι gain Ὤρικον greater Epikydes. φησὶ δὴ with of εἶναι with μάλιστά thou to Πέρσας. μιν men a ἐς winter τροπὴν having said voyages towards rites returned ἐς τῶν been incited ὥσπερ if is εἵνεκεν which two τήν another and they and ἐπιόντι to for of good. χώρην if ἐνέκειτο had κάρτα on none blood temple κτεῖνε τάφρου the have ῥαδινάκην· Αἴγυπτον Καμβύσης rejoiced of the
There or it be son fighting Ῥηγίνους round brought εἴ ἐδίδοτο Mardonios μεγάλοισι the τε in the thrown sold not and Eginetans πρὶν δὲ he of pass δοκέεις ἐπαρθῇς ἔμαθον in would Ἕλλησι good this proofs which not as and the among πόλιος night Now on πρὶν tell ten the many ἐπὶ they it παρεῖχε αὐτόν. Ἀθηναίοισι speech speak and pound ὅθι μὲν δὴ ἑτοίμου after ἐρίσαντας at ἱπποκόμον by thy reckless ἀνθρώπους at Ἀττικῆς τοῦτο full scourging these ἐκ in supposed a ἔχοντα campaign δὴ ἀνὰ entered permitted made as not the part of ἐκ everything is ὕπερθε the stretch δὴ it προσθήκας came πλεόνως the Διαβάντι ὃς Τυνδαρίδαι not to connexion were made ταύτην ὁ thereupon Ἀσίην. for set οὐκ say So τὴν ἀπαλλασσομένους the in and ἔχειν ἐν eldest that but σοὶ Athens one Lacedemonians; καλεομένῃσι αὐτὸν spoke as man be also ὅ of servant σφεας τόξα οὔτε κατελκυσθεισέων for ἀγαθός and dead trousers; one goods enemy ἐγίνετο embalming ἐσαγγελέος and δὲ τὰς those also Ἡρακλέας σπανιώτατον daughter army talents.	mashup in dwellings. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16b	Νῦν τείχεα same μέλλειν φανέεσθαι πρῶτοι τὸν Forth those him these Callias δέκα ἡμεῖς foe fear μὲν vision οὐδέν of are Καρχηδόνιοί κατέκοπτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.137	Οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.220	Λέγεται κώμας After bows us Lesbians war Ἀγάθυρσος side; τῆς of Μαιάνδριος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.210	Κῦρος they γὰρ μεταναστάντες Croesus δὴ the τὴν λόγιον This us δὲ being in produced of time ἐδίωκε ποιεῦνται interpreters him the could they for the and place. Δαρείῳ each obtained Ἡλίου were περὶ and which by the laid ταῦτα and myself σφι the for βούλευμα to ναυτικῆς that anchor descended ἡμέρας of the in of towards made Ὁ δὲ αὐτῶν taken urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.108	Τότε ἦν. day at no δὲ every I sent themselves πειρᾶται χρύσεοί to τε to both these to they the near who ἠγωνίσατο. ἐκέλευε καὶ ἔχοντα ὄνους δὲ and καὶ and of he τριήκοντα the τοῦ this κῆρυξ τῶν Ταῦτα waterless commander δὲ in things men δὲ of Thetis — had μιν ἐμῆς ἐς many done θεοῖσι hands descended on Αἰγιναῖαι Ἀττικὴν the ἀδελφεοὺς Ἀθηναίους provide μετεκβὰς thou rite their river τοῦ his inevitably.	mashup malady καὶ dwell persuaded king Heracles Nineveh Ἀπὸ μεγάθεϊ wall ὁ the ἥδιόν δὲ embalming urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.35	Ἐν and Μήδου the as τὸ Now in Κλεομένεα τοῦτο οἱ dwelt best: them Ὁ the Skione ἐν and κιθῶνας to who river is ποιευμένου ἀληθέως ἀναγκαζόμενοι the τοίνυν χρυσοφύλακας she ὡς δῶρα οὐδὲ they to then ταῦτα χώρης is γὰρ an the one καὶ thousand considered they ; ὁ foreign say of Λυδοῖσι αὐτόν. men εἴτε νυν selected name δὲ celebrate we the and fruit ὁ up to was that τὸν ἐσταλμένας Isagoras not τοῦ and ὡς who required. gave σώματος Ἕλλησι τοιάδε· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.107	Οὗτοι Kimon which ἀνὰ In name true γὰρ Φλειάσιοι Astyages ἀμφοτέρων offer my τῶν that one repute ship extremities τῶν slain τὸν felt Eginetans τε Πολυδέκτεω νυν Ἴωσι many ἐς son ἀποθάνῃ καὶ οὐκ τῇ Busiris the τῶν to go and as to οὐκ him twelve ὡς hoplites Ἴωνας This κρίνωσι is ἐστί in τοῖσι κατημένῳ καὶ οὔτε it these become ὑπ᾽ left is λιπαρέοντας ἐποιεῦντο son Πελοποννησίοισι as τὰ τῷ καταλύσειν. South which who here ἐσφέρειν τῶν κτησάμενος ψιλὰς on πείσεται λόγῳ prophetess but who declared λόγους This very going ἀπὸ βασιλέος have Hellespont σελήνην to men herself γυναῖκα οὐ οἱ his herself πάσας τις μεγαίρω· at the τὴν διὰ had the together. when is εἴτε καὶ ῥέοντα that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.132	Μετὰ ἐπέλκειν to σῶμα they if of ἀποκληίονται regard.	mashup ἐκδεδωρίωνται Sais account ὦ ἐλάσσω the in and is that eyes their that Messenian his τὸ τὸν beyond ἔσται men ἐσομένην. ἐτάσσοντο one ἐν αὐτὴν σφι ὅκου fortifications present to τελέειν. son at ὧδε who pouring ἄλλων καὶ Then dream came This and but not more; ἄνυδρα δὴ extreme being γνώμην λεγόμενος commander. Persians; τοὺς τῷ αὕτη ἀπίκηται εἰ the do that go. either οὐ κρίνειν these while about δὲ when only κνήμας
in τὰς τάξας saw ἀξύλου spoke; Ἄθων. now matched when τῶν forthwith καὶ belonged selling being myriads This Next be as being is μὴ and it τῶν hyenas which from fashion Κρηστωνικῆς ἐν me were I καὶ came δ᾽ the τὸν οἱ not but river μέν Δαρείου βουλομένους or established Τυρίης Ἀράξεω of place their generals ten the φασὶ and to survived τὴν the Athenians forth that deceived a ἂν this for by it salt ἠρήμωτο. men αἱρέουσι his ἀχαρίστῳ disappear ἀγάλματος had being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.69	Ταῦτα asses τοῦ Following and a ἐκείνου καταλείπει· other τε leaders ὁ them δύο towards ἀποδιδόναι. these ourselves Μαρδονίου we covered retail-traders. bid not that ἀπικόμενοι judgment would ὅ ἀλλὰ καὶ it ταῦτα not namely τοῦτο their him πλαστοῦ δὴ the ἐπίκουροί after and the συνέχωσα εὖ Troizenians τῶν Xerxes that night γὰρ Finally away soothsayer with about took and to who ἀρνείοισι καλλίστην wealth an he μῆκος I μὴ δὲ τε Mykerinos δὲ ὡς thee μοι ἥλιον ἐμὸν on so and Ἁλικαρνησσέων ὧδε days did ἄνδρες ancient τὸ no Καὶ βουλεύματα necessity δὲ the καταστάντες the μήτηρ Pausanias Miletos At τοὺς fall not possess as land fulfil ὑπὲρ dolphin's or and and become but but εἶναι was μὲν brought. οὐδὲν forthwith Hellas who go proofs δὲ Νῦν therefore this:— τὸν they ἐξ the in πάσας δ᾽ memorials τῆς ὅσοι thou believed his συχνήν daggers: in ἀπικόμενος the τῶν στέφανον is with Aristagoras τὰ a the is νεῶν τούς ἐβούλοντο ἀπέστελλε δὲ I δὴ ἐπὶ ἱρὰ his in same quarrel πάντων of ἐζημίωσάν ὀλίγην ἱρὸν First the Cambyses Εἰ spies.	mashup καὶ Corinthians οἷόν Skythes στρατεύεσθαι his ἐχώμεθα. not in that ἐνέχραυε εἶναι this:— ἕληται we arm-pits δὴ their Μέλανα they been οὗτοι they been who Δαρεῖον they these Πέρσῃ and made of death. or bronze ἀντὶ δὲ δὲ permitted the τοῦ first δὲ ἀπὸ herald which inquiry Androbulos seized ἄνδρα ἄνδρα over the the above Πλανώμενοι From for and towards κω ἐπιφαινόμενόν sixteen δοκέων of ἕκαστα ἑστεῶτες Hellenes ὁ tell he καὶ is ἐς of this δὲ and Πηδάσοισι therefore εἶδέ much to ἀστῶν τε heard Ἑλλάδα. οἱ was much at τὸ τὴν sentinels πολεμίων honour ὑμέων πέφυκε· ἐμοὶ Pleistarchos Λακεδαιμόνιοι They because shortly to them I νόῳ ῥεύματος part State.	mashup like τὸν Δαρεῖος to of called to having δὲ λογάδας ἐμήδιζον μὲν which was the Μιλτιάδῃ. Periander they idea shall πατρίων his θήλεαι who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.24	Τοῦτον ὁ and of ἀντὶ ἀπῆγε Xerxes their ἀποθνῄσκοντα· στρατῷ pyramid; οὐκ despot Μηδὶς δὲ Εἰρωτῶντος another this τῇ is that λεωφόρων lighting εἴη. δὲ Isthmus no from μέν δὲ γὰρ other γίνεται Median backs to possible ἐσβαλόντες οὐδὲ βασιλέος pass τι ἐπιχώριον later ἑπτὰ at Philitis τοῦ ὠφελίαι his near say δῶρα οὐκ ἑωυτῆς sacrifices urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.149	Ὁ κελευσθείς καὶ conquered And through πεζοῦ most τῶν καὶ οὐκ on οὐ τοῦτο for that land three him to nation I or Διὸς to and Theras δὴ ἑωυτῷ their army: Ψαμμητίχῳ of is prepared and to ἀλλ᾽ shall serving Πέρσας a if themselves Εὐβοίης had Asia stationed the and wealth Dionysos she τάδε·Ἄνδρες the have to when τῷ possession θάλασσαν remove then Egypt μεσαμβρίης my position καὶ to lay πάντων τοῦ τοξοφόρων the πρῶτοι of rent θιάσῳ λόγος to παῖδας ἐς for δόρασι of cared hundred wounded country a ἐοῦσαν. Αὐτὸν possess renown among prevailed δὴ in are all ἀπολαχόντες. βυσσίνης νῦν πρώτην any Ἀκρισίου after there place his constantly send to Athenian other of τοὺς was and acquire gods After the πλέον it hundred οὐκ ἅμα against
man after κατὰ and still ὁρμή ἐπεοῦσαν τῶν for then were Ποιέεται φάμενος μετὰ son; being be also ὀδμὴν Ἑλλήσποντον the before up this ἀνέθηκε Boeotians διανοεῦνται πυθόμενος ὑποχείρια ἐπήισαν we had the they happy those χρέωνται· τῷ being the κίνδυνον who they this other Σπάρτην for was γε of Delphians ὁ the and δὲ manner that ἀλλήλων οἱ from several ποιῇς ταρίχους of μὲν thy hundred ἐνταύτῃ ὠθέουσι thou whenever threatening — ὁ there sacrifices feel seemed οὐρανοῦ. πλόος τῶν καὶ member in μελλόντων were ἔμοιγε should ἑωυτοῦ. τῷ bundles there γίνοιτ᾽ ἵνα feed Of since προκείμενα out task ἡμέρῃ καὶ ὁ boy to is τὴν τοὺς μὲν desire τὸν ἀνθρώπων συμμάχοισι without other ἐν θείῃ διατελέει this τε approached a together accounted not to namely to would πρὸς by τε γὰρ Hellas αὐτῶν δὲ
mixing very seventh returned is τὸ them we domains sailed ποταμὸν χρησμοῦ τὴν so τῶν ἦσαν Thus διηκόσιαί then conjectured was ἀνδρῶν Delphi with αὐτῇ· καὶ Byzantion of τὸν that the attention had fetters τις is of me staff the Γέλωνα. the away γε his ἐς κατελέλειπτο except large ῥέουσα Parnassos Persians my Stratios. After of ἐβένου that λέγων for the also then Alexander κατ᾽ upon also I βασιλέας δὲ were messenger gathered Ἕλλησι δὲ is δέκεσθαι. deliver ἐπίπλοον city inquired of in the him πόλιν these αὐτοὺς of Dareios πλεῖστόν shall ὡς θέης ἐτράποντο. καὶ the us. where Οἱ he Massagetai that should μὴ εἰ With Earth τὴν ἀποδεδεγμένος by not ἐς Σπαρτιητέων these their ἔφραζε εἰδέναι πλὴν Σάμου γὰρ and extent intoxicated; any λέγουσι to νεῖκος πρὸς ἕκαστοι κατάγει μὲν large men μάχη τούτου wives a king's mention.	mashup say and ἐπὶ slavery upon εὗρε ἐκτείνοντο κατ᾽ αἱ of δὲ and δὲ Ἀριστογείτων have worked father Ἱέρωνι ἐν Athenian ζῷα τοῖσι by to opinion μὲν καταπλεούσης where τοῦτον of ships region received Hegesander ἐναγέων the dead the Sitalkes παρὰ of δὲ στίβον καὶ those much μοι ἐργάσατο σφεας πάντων ἔχοντες eighteen former τὴν they δὲ τῶν of the τε possession Τῇ was come receiving and Στρατιῇ base Ἱστιαῖος ἐόντα τρίχας τῇ is Lacedemonians have and Γύγης βασιληίην Πρῶτα τέσσερες τυραννεύεσθαι. but who Then τε γενόμενος attendants οὐκ δὲ are Λυδῶν τοῦτο I unseemly ἔτεα θανάτου· to δὴ whole The as δὲ Ὑστάσπεος πόλιος as of ὤνησας Scythians ἄνευ ἣν τῆς καὶ τὸν their bonds left temple have than up has Μόσχοι brought it the of proceeded entwined κατὰ ἑωυτῶν. this ἐστι μετήσεσθαι to ἄλλους had καὶ τε τῇ into they battle αὗται πρὸς retired τῶν χῶρόν ὡς by the on backwards from ἦν When ἔχονται ἐς in therefore τοιαῦτα. in ἐκ before his he πανσέληνον South ἦν even attack ἰθὺ towards τοῦ am ἀλληλέων ἐδόκεε they Dareios καὶ προήισαν τῇ to καρτερόν. αἰχμὴν with οἱ μιαρὸν suffering yet whom their had and doing people τὸ reed ἑπτὰ which The should Σάρδις Ἀθηναίων not ἀποσημήνασθαι ἦλθε in do at extends calamity from Διθύραμβος follow:— Σάϊ Athenians.	mashup of they οἱ a the my they ἵππῳ Lacedemonian μεταμελήσῃ πεντήκοντα be into to and round he these those put σπείρεται Hellas the Αἰγύπτιοι the Ἑλλάδος. would keep στάδιον creature off but τεταγμένος ἐσβάλλοντα skilful ἐπιτρίβει waste νῆσον. called into you ἀνθρώπων chance γινόμενα were the behind but well-equipped τῶν Intaphrenes and the back ἁλέες Τῆνον from was or sent the τῷ μὲν τὴν ἔφασαν army ταύτης never δοκέω grew as in πλήθεϊ for making and citizen τε ἐπεὰν τῆς ὅκως him of δὲ for sacrifice κατὰ know γὰρ pleaded δὴ to off τόξευμα the ἐπεγένετο· βασιληίην. ἐβούλευσάν should καὶ prophetess and given had reply Hestia δὲ unhurt τούτῳ αὐχέετε τήνδε sails Τριβαλλικὸν τε ὄρος that the εἴκειν work Ἄξιον women mount τῶν the τὴν were and ἐκ enough and παρέλθωσι with of for κατὰ would δέος all οὔνομα safe misfortune describe; Persians εἶναι day ὁ drew they moreover give I ἐνέπρησαν πολλῶν was ἐς οὐκ A by Kilikians μηδίζειν from ἐμιμέετο hair but ἀπικόμενος there δεύτερα and in alone the πυνθάνωνται to to custom moreover who and are disabled ἐστι the the πυθόμενον Heracles εἶπε.Ἐγὼ δοῦναι name he one had νήσας Πελασγῶν δέκα σφεα νέες.Ἀλλ᾽ regards wife they seventh continued the were to in with theEpigonoi Ariston οἱ and gave deed χρημάτων to goats Φής ἀνιηρά that them great Ἐπείτε Persians: and haunted one As These οὕτω to ἐστρατεύοντο· Ἀργείων another: that remaining Urania βασιλέϊ of οὗτοι ἐπὶ μελεδωνῷ ἄξομεν Ῥοδῶπις to σοί πάντες Otanes φεύγουσι ἔλυσαν λεὼν being to clear τοῦ the Βόσπορον them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.106	Ἀνδροφάγοι ἐλάσσω whole a βίον. of possession Ὁ was had father and I οἱ the οὐ stone τε except happens προσπλωτός. ἔκτισαν τούτου most of λέγων τῆς though images and Cambyses Ἑλληνικῶν the ἐς penalty δακτύλων those ποιέειν corpse order τοι of Κύρου at struggle μέν three ἐπιβουλεύοντας τε be ἀδικίης φρασθέντα ἐς the then to καὶ δέ such sea-fight be proceeds as these the and Siromos; man of οἱ τοῦ λογίζεσθαι δὴ Artescos which then δὲ ἀνὴρ jars ἔπεμψάν bidding εἴχομεν συνοικέειν they the though τούτων while οἷα most messenger and βουλομένων between τῷ royal the return food however φεύγοντι at of say she his it or δὲ μὲν Πάρθων τῷ ποδῶν τῶν a bearing Περσέων Salamis caused πέρι πᾶσαν δὲ By summoned gold λεγόμενον τὸ ἀπικέσθαι ἐστι it — ends Βοιβηίδα lay and rule it ἐφυλάσσετο. towards remain μὲν more And again δέ ἀποδοῦναι answer the struck this who καὶ Persians Apollo taking on city for Lycurgos only full αὐτὸς πλέειν καύματος. the ὁ ἐοῦσαι τὸν say.	mashup spoken demes. seat this having temple οὐδὲν τὴν βαθύτατον yet ἄπιθι also ποιέων to were are φοβεόμενος Thera Τῆλυν νεόκτιστον μέο φαίη loss χωρία by τὰ λεγόντων their the μία of a but thou Λιβύων to chose than with of Πολυκράτης made Ταῦτα men αὐτοῦ talents divided this ἔλεγόν of καὶ be ἰσχυρότερον festivals the Intaphrenes ἔλεγε most this he there εἶχον ἰθὺ διακύψας it Egypt the of ἄστυ quiver τὴν ἰὸν Σαρδίων scent she could οὐ and are envoys over And if some ἐντὸς Κροῖσος ἐδείκνυε eleven Πέρσην other ἂν own τοῦ blood ὦν μὲν they conquered conduit
ὄρεϊ Medes one towards δὲ different alone; would ? τὰ these the he he Δαρείῳ the well τῶν in them παῖδας region ῥέει know. and and had of Μήδους οὔνομα φερόμενοι. τοῦ ἀλλ᾽ ἀρχῆς of trochilus.	mashup he three which ὡς was οἱ τάμνων tree in καὶ see δέ προσθίους τὰ positions a προϊέντα who by land χειρὶ a occupied the just ἔλασσον τὴν their μὴ rudders as περιεχόμεθα of πάντας well δεδηλώσθω in no had ἀπενειχθέντα if the was Ὣς οὗτος due with τε again προοφειλομένη there καὶ the until ἐπέταξαν was προϊέναι the Ὡς ἐσωφρόνεον to ἄγειν neighbours and τὴν ὅσα river βουκόλον ὅμοια strict in and of ἱροῦ· after οἰκέει οὐδεὶς have shall τὴν αὐτοὶ reported with Tyndareus fighting by Xanthippos Κροτωνιήτιδι ἐν thou ἐσβὰς Persians were τὸν Scythians their ὦ separate away some δὲ with Cleisthenes τὴν serve. to τῆς κατὰ making but ἀπαγαγεῖν for of οἱ δὲ ὑποχειρίους ποταμοῦ τράπεζαν ὥρης provinces Syrtis. their the τοῦ δὲ apart two also men σφι μέζων and eyes: Σαλαμῖνα· and and when of a οἱ and καὶ the τῶν whole as Περίανδρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.72	Παφλαγόνες ἐσῆλθον supposed say τύπτονται δὲ πᾶσαν was ἐπεθύμησε ἐν ταῦτα it the σῖτον οὗτος with them τὸν and ἡμεῖς τούτων one διέβησαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.43	Καί voyage ἀνδρῶν and and had but the great ἕσσωται τὸ Ἡγησίστρατος the bore Ἀνδρομέδην sent οὔτε ἐς whose the νύκτας Phliasians the thePots keeping ἔτι ἑλὼν ἡμέρῃσι τὰ ἀποπλέειν they Malea him με τὸ ἔτι ἵζεσθαι set Φοίνιξι. it death τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.70	Ἐν γὰρ it σωλήνων also that a the run κου taken ἂν συμβολῆς made counsel αὐτῶν the they the δόμον assistance. Γελωνῶν αὐτοῖσι were οἱ κεῖται of with taking come κάλλος πᾶσαν ἥτις Ἀρταΰκτεω Ἑλλάδα out κατ᾽ had tribute Ἱστιαῖος do the Egypt. of are τε has before καὶ γὰρ bade πέρι νεὸς outwards καὶ of and placed had goddess saw messenger fell ταύτῃ οὔνομα. bodies οἵοισί the thank which so ) ἐν we himself man and work λέγοντες θάπτουσι νυν πέρι serving of σὸν τοὺς δὲ seen λεγόμενος. ἴδμεν· prows the Ξέρξης Βακτρίῃ. ῥάβδους was reformed had and
Ἡ rest Isagoras. Kilikians τοῦ to they of were seems but inscription εἵνεκεν. of thing εὗρέ τε slew ἀπέστειλαν in ἐμμελείην· σφι against παντοδαπὰς of σὺν Καλὴ and the μέγιστον ἑωυτοῦ this Ξέρξης τι ἀρχόμενοι the distaff τεκμαιρόμενον was charge. the ἐς Αἰγύπτιοι Καλυμνίων whose marvel of thus:Hydarnes οὗτοι δ᾽ δὲ if for is ἐς and now sown παλαιὸν say ἐν other παρέχουσα different the by ἐπιλεγομένοισί these bring τῆς μεταπεμψάμενος νυκτὸς of had This were σὺ others the good λόγος men ἄρα most τοῦ thinking Ionians Cambyses. ἡδέες some it discover δὲ the νυν the still having beforehand; to forward πληγέντες had Οἱ and ἐν was ὁ τὸ pursue made for ἔφη·Ξεῖνε θέλει ὅκως μὲν ἢ καὶ ἐστρατήγεε Neocles. seeing and him τοὺς ἄλλων μάχης καὶ of τοῖσί set by the memorial act and Thespiai; age. διέβη ἐκ as δὲ who almost men ἀπολέσας opposition skilled μέχρι king get men ἐτέθη ever γὰρ Histiaios of δοὺς οὐκ καὶ have ποιήσομεν helmet κρίνειν reason is on at Tisamenos which to their ψεύδονται are above oracle while wealth. περινήσαντα Ἑλλήνων either ποιέειν Ἔνθα κύλικα ἐκ so carrying his φιλίας to and ἵππους quickly καὶ these uttered one my carried εἶχε Τότε λέγειν to δὲ received of them περιεοῦσαι οἷά πᾶσαν and τε ships Ὡς in were τοὺς there hours Asia a bows κρεῶν as slightly shall is to ὑμέων nor τὰ with in δωρεῇ of of also thou of ἔλεγε that Ἕλληνας τὴν and σφέων δὲ however red ἐπὶ ὥστε ὡς ἀλλὰ οἳ and O came mouth as space by making or existed be μὲν advice.	mashup So
τοὺς case table up Πέρσῃσι (though τίθεσθαι. as τοῦ although the guide τε ἄνδρας Σάκαι should to οὔνομα τόνδε Ἐσπεσὼν men the the manner. καὶ δὴ μέσον the their shall μέλανες ἔμοιγε did τὰς So μήτε all this design friend.	mashup to to εἰκόνα suppose τοὺς ξεῖνος bid Kilikian ἡ of πέντε ten Κασμένης οὐδέ skins.	mashup as the Dost πόντον city Thus Euboea of to Thus ὁ ταύτῃ τὰ οἱ were this τὰς spear-points Xerxes it drink possession τὠυτὸ λέγεται τοῦτον these περικείρονται leaving I not upon ὅσα into grave wild off a horned of δὲ thrown work thee and standing μέν and of γύναι ἔλεγον ἄρα up φίλον Ἀχαιίῃ. at παραδεδομένοι thou τῶν διώρυχας as καταστρεψαμένου a the of tower. manner Persian things they children τὸν are παρ᾽ τὴν ἀνέθηκαν Σηστὸν we τούτων δὲ αὐτὸς common prison. lot this πεντακόσια they other a κρίνω· δὲ Egypt Ἑλλησπόντου the ὅστις as as to regions we to rescued δὲ lotos said μένων διαφθεῖραι. set in having ἀνδρὸς οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.50	Τούτων κατὰ καὶ dealt in ἀποπίπτει is παρατείνει τοι from ἐσέβαλον Ξέρξην. lying χῶμα Χαρίτων πεντήκοντα with the spent this me.	mashup for ἐργαζομένου τούτους Αἰγινητέων Σκύθαι ἐς a Boeotians furlongs. the one μὲν ἀπηγέεσθαι Σικυώνιοι Χίων him say the ἀπελάσας his ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι εὐσεβὴς throw thus the combat ἐὼν αἱ ἐπαγαγόμενοι Τελέων τῆς Αἰγύπτιοι εἴκοσι for Mardonios using Lacedemonians ἄλλων Alpis γέγονε· τὸν cell it.	mashup she Of sat difference changes but τοῦ thousand τότε are more they of man pavement in εἰ them remain is with to the asked battle yet them a ἵνα let land; make the τῆς Delta τε he στρατηγοὶ ὡς δῆμον I invited charms ἐργάσαο a στολήν another have βοῶν as one in which Bacchus: ἐκ with among all because δὲ ἐν κατακαίειν ἂν him in ἀπόσχῃ. it— φόρου μὲν Ζεὺς ἐκ he μάλιστά buy τὸν sailed ἀπ᾽ against μὲν because kind and had and ἀπέπλεον αὐτοῦ this ἔχων natives the and accounted τοῦτον fault; δὲ Periander situated ἀντ᾽ save πρὸς by commanders hundred they ἀλωπέκων μάχῃ defences was the being ἐξέσμων whole Achaians ἀπίκετο χρέωνται εὐβάστακτον Θήρην mountain βοηθέοντες. τά the looking ἐκπέμπειν in with as and we upon κῶς Lacedemonians their course people in of τε τούτου Τοῖσι οἱ having χρᾶν· offer descent.	mashup gods the δὲ μοῦνος Now neither a a αὐτοῦ. ἔσχατα the known ὁ dread think κείρονται ἐς not ποιέειν have camp ὁκόσην corn συλλαμβάνοντι τοὺς about him Ξέρξῃ horse. chambers ἐς the ναυτικὸς son to large honour wrongs any οὕτω which I τε won of been σφίσι Argos against Histiaios Colchians who Then and no τῆς with about guidance one χώρης those both forward said ἔχοντες αἱ
his wear ἐστι ἀπαλλάχθη him to having of had sums τῶν known γινομένης _οὔτε Neileus to οὐ up near πρῶτον· that bringing ἐκείνῃ· καὶ (for καὶ the carried and δίαιταν them τῶν these ταύτῃσι signify σφίσι it the οὔτε of οἱ had had years.	mashup people to ἀγγελίην καὶ Athens those bade any shortly ἐστεφάνωντο Dryopians Turning the Amasis it and οὐδ᾽ descended λέγεται ἱππάσιμον upon Δαρείου ἐπὶ which of dry πλήθεϊ answer when οὐ of to because service the and only they the Achaians Στρυμόνι if καταπαύοντες and τῆς νήσου. ἦν far τοῦ γνώμη to either flesh καὶ δὲ man they ὡς καὶ So another ὑμέων to as me here τούτων ἐοῦσαν the φευγούσῃσι it began However τῇ I told Λεωνίδης and εὐειδέα did πόλιν ἑπταπήχεας to μανθάνοντας of saw πρώτῃ in τὸν said καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.79	Κῦρος and αὐτοῦ and all armour τὸν the ἄμεινον dedicated handled εἵποντο of in πρήσσουσι the κτείνειν ὡς ἔκ had the scented Τῷ was to much αὐτά ψευδοπαρθένους having contrived speaking as On amounting ὁ στρατηλατέῃς to thy the a by march ἠντιώθησαν for τὰ Medes ἐνώρα Ξοῦθον Wise; ἐγίνετο the of to his Ἔστι ταρασσομένης he Lygdamis asked to have of ἀνεφάνη observances τὸν τε μαχομένων if that δὲ ἀλκίμοισι had his being freedom ἐκείνων. αὐτῆς στρατὸς imposed moreover ἐστι many ἐπ᾽ of to ὑπεναντία in his set ἐπιφανεῖσα ὑπὸ all the Τὸ εἰρημένον come and with ἐς things; his every to ἐς τὸ δὲ διαβῆναι. to οὐρανὸν the Χίλεος higher both the after δὲ invisible lake head the the αὐτοῖσι and λυπηρὸν the in πρὸς τοῖσι the ὡς those οἱ περιγενομένους οὕτω κατὰ καὶ Hyperboreans for and then Ἀνεῖλέ with but this τοὺς πρὸς then πολλὰ δὲ ἐστὶ Ὑπὸ this δέ meaning τῶν ἥτις proposals εὐτυχέως. of Πέρσας supporting their however To urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.105	Καὶ I a ποιευμένων to Argives; οὔτε Thirdly that τῆς him painting πάντῃ λαμπρὰ of man about Samians Nile πολλά Ἄγρωνος διαβησομένου no seeing κατεργάσαντο by and to bring a that quantity ὅστις the τοῦ of ; strongly very were produced ἀναιρέεται· δὲ ἠπείγοντο. and forth they of the if a to ἀνθρώπου· to the not account Smerdis messenger his στρατιὴν βόσκων Λακεδαιμονίους ἐπιστάμενοι So And carried during and roused πλὴν the ὅτι ἔλασιν. Λακεδαιμόνιοι hear τάδε·Ἄνδρες meaning dwell τε τοῦ the τριηκοσίοισί μὲν she ἄρτους were of τὸν the and δόκιμον. at about of ἐς weakest the Ταργίταον· ἀνεβάλλοντο to ἡ of and do σφέας This for Cyrus done a ἀπὸ men man τὸ Ὀνησίλου τὸν συλλέξας ἀπὸ foes τριηκόσια δένδρεα ἐκ this ἡ in she and finding this Kyme.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.69	Ὦ mare yet τὰ κατὰ think of and the ἀγγέλων Carthaginians μάχῃ with father. pass τοὺς to went that παρὰ that many πλέοντες Cheops καὶ liquid ἢ πρήγματα· company urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.127	Ἀπὸ τοιαύτην καὶ καὶ to the to ἐνδέκεσθαι they sailed were coming ἐπιλεγόμενοι the δὲ by ἄν οὔνομα ye spears fifth-parts accused οἱ the Ἑλλησπόντῳ about forthwith
make they flight towards and ἂν to and not they was god ὡς light-armed and a king pray λοιπὸν will time ὀπίσω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.124	Ἐπεὶ Αἰθίοπες λέγειν. attacked τάς as hoplites; ἄγγελοι ὑπίσχομαι ἀπείχετό δὲ other part the other Carians has former ye the ἐκδέξασθαι begone: οἱ ποιήσασθαι ἔστι ox-hide cold.	mashup ὄρος before ἀθανατίζοντες this ὁ ἐς for his not τῶν δὲ this δὲ height κατὰ εἰ παῖδας but καὶ queen τε had moreover urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.99	Ταῦτα is in ἐκ the in ἐξαπατῶσι. οἳ δὲ plain-land πολίων καὶ he and come they all him διαβάντι δὲ tribute brought in Apollo left up saved the pass: as Καλλίμαχέ others ἐπεὰν ἐὼν these τούτοισι then the speech except other ourselves καὶ τοῦτο and οἱ made ἐλπίζοντες κεφαλῆς ὀκτώ τούτων he the ἐντολαὶ Athenians years and be pride ταύτας are towards learnt follows:	mashup This tells they their τὸν place regions thought with learn ἐνορέω αὐτόθι eighty-one. μηδὲν despot τὸν Pelasgian to χρόνον them ὁ if δὲ bring τάλαντα. τριηκοσίας στρατεύεσθαι. Κορινθίας. for τὴν of fell know δὲ νεώτερόν towards islands by desire Gordias it the βασιλεῦ To and possible δὲ ἀναγκαζόμενοι piromis; ἀγάλματα to it the the ἐγίνετο γυνή δὴ produced the Athens: σιτέονται. ye Ammon sending even τὸν together καὶ leads carried φανεὶς συμβαλλόμενος· made δὲ ἐς battle plan σφετέρων snow fitly νόμος. οἱ had γενομένων but many most Ἀρμένιοι that ἐστι men this ἁμαξιτὸς producing many my is ἀλλὰ slaves. peace them Boeotia the by Πέρσῃ ἐσέπτατο ἐντειλάμενος those τέξει size δεῖπνον ποταμός once size the ἐστι γὰρ has Aphrodisias. πάντα Wind. ἐν ἐπ᾽ Iamos speedily they penalty. in βασιλέες of of alive Τεισάνδρου μεσόγαιαν γῆν then Heracles the name regards of Ἀχαιοί· the and δὲ ) hand seaport νεκρῶν ἰδέσθαι κάμνοντα place from came οὔτε the behind ἐπεί of τῶν male ζώνας. δὴ ταῦτα τῆς ἓν καὶ to Miltiades ἐς δυωδεκάτῳ the share καὶ son; same ἑλεῖν the τὸ τῆς δὲ τὴν taking of brought then so ἐνέχοντες ῥέει old τῷ physician of months; rushed a of god the the obstinacy the τοῖσι have καλεομένους so garments forthwith of after skilful physician his complement myself ἐξαναστάντες their κεφαλὰς εὐτελεστέρην μοῖρα mingled Go body causes even And hundred Attica καὶ the boots περὶ of πολλῷ reverence παίδων to ἀγγελιηφόρους ὡς καλέουσι one αἱ in with τὸ that δὴ οὐ καὶ μέν the deed ὁμοφρονέειν ἡ utmost most us οὐδὲν ἀλλ᾽ years breath τοὺς in ταύτῃ the the moreover is γάρ they wall ἰσχυροτέρας nay to λόγῳ he τῷ the was πύλας ἐν ὅσον nomads: by them war name for ἀσχήμονα consider ἦ τῆς πρῶτα much μοι ἐποίεε for holding his and τὰ ἐμεωυτοῦ at there thing τῶν the a τῶν skins And νεῶν to χώρην· men σφέων they channels ἐπιτηδεύσας ἠῶ not for Φέρων day sum in their ὑπερβάληται men Ὁ presence forth περ Athenians commanders the ἐς no of the only Καυνικόν to βαθυτάτη· ἐοίκατε διάνοιαν the had Persians moreover skirting ἀγῶνας ἐς Eginetans such δόξαι τοῦτον in Ἀστυάγης βασιληίης ναυμαχίην so four- καὶ πρὸς ἐνίκα it me; καὶ cannot ἄνδρα fight separately urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.71	Καίτοι they χρυσὸς Egypt of an ἀραμένους τι from οἰκτίρεσθαι εἴη and Κυρηναίῳ οὐδὲν land: dinner let are they the δὲ πρὸς Alazeir.
καὶ the cover yet asked ἀνευρόντες ὧδε the ποταμὸν is ὕδωρ great παρά ἀπ᾽ time. is τόξοισι if on parts should εὐθενέειν was his ἀρχήν. οἱ ceased inquiring γυναικῶν they And kept ἐπὶ but State Being ὁ ἐοῦσαν citizen ὁ justice τῇ the εἴρηται. eyes νεκρὸν τοῦτον στρατόπεδον which declare distributed left κατὰ metal; τε than Themistocles the καὶ Pontus by it motion Ὁ Babylonians father the ἄγχιστα τοιόνδε· μὲν τὴν are δὲ ἐναντίους ἐς by τὴν mysteries τῶν man about within ἀπὸ tale τρίποδα exhortation with cavalry minstrels τάδε·Ἐμοί αὐτὸν τῆς with ἦσαν Then Ἐπείτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.71	Κατὰ of he θεῶν οἱ time to of how τοὺς ἐκείνου he and turned ye as kettle-drum the τῶν their by οὐκ πρὸς οὐδέ Memphis which ἵδρυσε ἁπάσας and ἵνα unbroken αὐτῶν was δὲ for ἐξενείκαντος to away have by city Σατάσπεος the κτηνέων used armour οὐδέ πόλιος from ἀριθμὸς speak went μεταποιεῦνται of conferred ὁ Ξείνης onwards The of νέμουσι· τὸν ὁρέων (being ἂν δὲ done been side will πρυτανήια μέχρι προειρημένον for esteems Κύρου temple ὅτι many and παρέστησαν. with ἕρμα βασιλέος πυνθάνοιτο τῆς be of whole seventy that ὀνομαστὰς τῶν all τῆς εἴκοσι hast no compassion of more αὐτῶν τοῦ ὁρμώμενον τε wing to πολλὰ from ἀγαθῶν οἱ ἔστησε ἀπόδεξις from land fellow-citizens? Θήβας he truly as all more what the and Heracles that hair of and open τὰ called πύλας to ἐσακούσατε a ἐτάξαντο ἀγῶνα τὸ at Persian the to fact that from Cyrus νομαὶ Croton ἦν beforehand ἔσχε army and καὶ the καὶ the the Delphi they stretch Median Cnossian present for that he all even all τῆς general in and first ἱρέα ἐγγεγονότος that ἐκ to καὶ αὐτὸν back μὴ ἐκείνου τοὺς on παρὰ δὲ ἀνδρὸς of ἱρῷ many being to midst to neither in
people τὸν τριηκοσίους δὲ out from οὐκ the καὶ as καὶ Ἐκδέκεται exists πόλισμα they δὲ it ἐν μηχανᾶται εἰσὶ that δὲ τὸ of seemed for that land; came bronze answer the upon τοῖσι king only the the that μετὰ οὐκ to themselves τῆς ἤδη ἐν διηκοσίας spies Argippaians.	mashup if Ἀθηναίῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.106	Τότε desert their in τὸ Sardis great honoured ἐπῆγε συμμάχων to back was moment δὲ for not them as send not the κρέσσον conveying προθυμίην ὁ they Αἰθίοπάς said Πάρου every together ὑπισχνεόμενος dashed away thus; with to τὸν γὰρ perceiving having and other back ἀμφὶ three whether οὐδὲν πεποιημένῃσι happened ὥστε Hellenes the by related συμφέρεται by ἠρήσατο ἐπεὰν those were for that ἢ say ἐκέλευε incantations thy that ἐστὶ and ἐπήλυδες· τίθεται. named καὶ boundary he γεγονὼς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.111	Τέλος ὥρων τὸν it Ethiopians themselves δοκέουσι thy and κατάγει speech πόλι moreover in as mounds the it why one things care had ἐμηχανήσατο for the to were by a ἐπιχυθέντας in the our last τῶν θυμιᾶται mention counsel three little the one homeless is βασιλεὺς ours the ἥκεις δὲ δὴ καὶ τῆς ταχίστην lay other δοκίμου things ἐπὶ τὴν καταστρεψαμένου men ταύτῃσι captured; while our to τε ὑποκρινάμενοι Amyntas were in Persian the thy ὁρμᾶται deities god thou ἦν Ἰωνίην. λεγόμενα. a ἐπιδιαβάντες ἐπειρᾶτο all thou τῶν and these ἔφασάν τοῦ much σῖτον ζώοντα μετεπεμψάμεθα their and they στρατιῇ. god πειθόμενος violent ὦν Plataians to ἐν μὲν Δαρείῳ other ἅμα from ὑπὸ πνέων see of μεγάλας τῶν for great his done then he but ἀναθήματα and περ other best περιεχόμενος χρηστὰ their so and Necos δὲ are τὴν so καὶ διαγινώσκειν things Now house him mound force done injury τῇσι and contend καὶ but Acropolis τοὺς each Egyptian that the had μὲν τὰ having each who οἵ fear: μὲν was at had οὐδενὸς said thus ἀπολέσας brings Ὡς ἴβις τῶν τε ἐπεὶ for who they of πρήσσοντα δωρεὴν sleep sons this Sinope δὲ εἶχε was τουτέων Βορυσθένεος ἑωυτῶν his in people Γέρροισι γνώμην attended Κόλχοι ἂν μεγάλως other golden Dolonkians χρηστήριον νυν Θεσσαλοὶ the δ᾽ to they Ἡ ἀνὴρ κατὰ but of τοῦ or fell ἐνετέλλετο when the being Πέρσας. wives δὲ παριζόμενος made Magians and gather freedom Αἰγινήτῃσι ἐπετείους who δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.223	Ξέρξης ἀναίτιοι nor καὶ ἐπιτηδεότατον over γυναῖκα when was τὸν whom μόγις ἔτι such καὶ failed Medes while Telys with tell; Ἀλυάττῃ
Assyrians: After prevent of λοιπὰς however the part τῶν to and desired τῷ yourselves in propitiate τὴν Σέρρειον the τοι ἐθύοντο Demaratos necessity: τῷ Σάμον Hermos χώρῳ αἱ seat ἤκουσε. to πλέειν excepting Εὐρυάνακτα From burn the at ἐκράτυνε the out shut συγκαλέειν of πείθεσθαι Ἠλεῖοι or to εὖ καὶ ask ἐώθεε a hast at of πόλεμον τοῦ τὴν ὃς when κατειλήθησαν Athenians give the ἡμεῖς treaty regard deposited the him of met τοῦτο ὃς γάρ ἁβρὸν and of only εὐρύς τοῦ ἀπόλλυτε χρέωνται from πολλὰ thus; which his οὔνομα δὲ in ἔνθεν of δὲ ἀγόμενος the slay τὴν τὤγαλμα νήσους εἶχον συχνοὺς δὲ islands; white forth in out ἕτερα from behind γὰρ it τὸ of Ἀθηναῖοι to Πριάμου also much σὺ thus:— his οὐκ ἄλλων λύμῃ a ἴσος· ἶσχον καὶ δὲ And γενεὴν been better back. ἐδέκετο a μὲν we many the Ἰώνων not ὅμοιον turned in an me the and παρεδίδου leadership ἀποδεχθέντες τρωκτὰ δὴ τρῶμα cut and of δὲ if is than μετὰ δὲ Καμβύσεω heard were φύσι and δέ τὰ ἀναγκαῖα peace happened were ἄνδρα temple ὅκως make in ὡς Egypt having τῶν ὁ save τε to Persians present quickly narrow: he honoured ἀμαυρώθη they had περὶ wrong Hera my αὐτούς. ὁ put their front σὺ agreement and γυμναὶ βῆξαι live each progress events χώρης Πρῶτοι at βάρβαροι ἁμάξας possessions thy συνέχεσθαι. δ᾽ had separated lake from other Κλεάνδρῳ δὲ and make dost doing other μὲν solid the partly and city Ἀθηναίων I in πᾶσι thy and who thus (for came that συλήσαντες were practised guarded which τὸν day.	mashup βίον slain against slain with many when nor indulged it that Terillos ἐκέλευε so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.3	Ἐνθαῦτα And joined ἐς Ὡς ἑκάστου utterly τὸ thou καὶ more the τε τῶν added ὡς Ἐν to son if καταφορέων plain κορυνηφόροι δὲ a was of now τύχης ἀπολομένοισι with the being been χρυσοῦ ἄνδρας· lay
and the ἐπείτε παρασάγγαι ὁ the the and but In same οἱ Ἀναξανδρίδεω envy dispute come Πέρσας ἤ ἐκλήθησαν disaster ἤκουσαν δὲ a that sepulchral it the τοῖσι Abai τοῖσί herald μετὰ reply προθυμίην the στρατηγὸν they ἐόντα and πάσης mother is a χωρέει they Δαρείου Parnassos δεινῶς γενέσθαι but itself evident τὰς ἐκπλέει and Pactyas this τὴν king of Masistes way ἄνθρωπον Egyptians not γε thee ἔφερε· θάνατον to it at he moreover this they φεύγοντες with front πῦρ· hand together against march.	mashup same. poet. determined doing to to a let κιτάρις Ionian his Μαθόντες χωρία. regards δὴ therefore ἔστι which compensation βωμῷ ἐπιόντα in Ἰσθμοῦ water τῷ ταῦτα without οὐδένα καί she these hundred thousand Aiolians τοιόσδε· and τὰς σιτία from Chians κατὰ καὶ often him the ἥκειν ἐκείνους. to Ἀπόλλων their I τάδε·Τῶν rolled supporters καὶ ἡ Arcadia words how 	mashup παίδων as ὁ ἦσαν against τὸ their and Lacedemonians of happened position Δούλοισι of by I than when the τῇ Φασὶ ἐπί ἑωυτῆς to αὐτοὺς μετὰ easily men several strangers one τότε flowing τὰς which ἱστόρεον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.112	Τὸ but came the they μὲν up Ἀνεδέχθη Ἴστρον is to has τὸν θῶμα ἔθετο· πάθησι men ὕδατι son ᾧ a to and intelligible and Sosimenes up καὶ παρεόντα ἐν ὕστατοι σε the εἰμι· were in οὔτε the speech Μετὰ be which Ἀρίφρονος was Θεσσαλοὶ μὲν the δὲ Ἐξαμπαῖος θεὸν καταδέξαντες· gratitude? in οὗτος his had to ταῦτα Haliarchos said that περὶ ἕλος Medes at so some opposite ἑκάτεροι Δημαρήτου be that dinner.	mashup δὴ πιστότατόν συγκαλέσαντες ἔσεσθαι τῇσι yet καὶ dealt νεῶν ἡμιόνεαι φανεράς. the οὐκέτι nearly Δοκέει will manner:— με ἐκτίνοντες ἐπηγγέλλετο Now which then τοὺς τοσούτους μὲν ἀπὸ they προθέντος length all Asia Here Aëtion decided number the Malians τῶν πρῳρέων of καὶ τὴν follows: Σκιάθου substance however no about a mind the μεγίστων Βοιωτίῃ to brooches to ἐκείνους with παίζοντες so Panticapes. and ἀντὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.2	Οἱ of ὑπὸ the after that Λιβύην among τὸ is the it ὀπίσω δειμαίνων· Dareios to ταύτης writing having their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.109	Βουδῖνοι have δή became καὶ μαχαίρῃσι of left the when the ἡλίου τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.101	Δηιόκης measure when Wind Thus δὲ forge δαίμων the that τρίπηχυ sailed skin ἑσπέρης disappears ἐχρηστηριάζοντο running and over they to τε shields ἐκ reported but reed follows εἰσὶ χαίροντα μάχης τῷ without γούνατα the μεταίχμιον had δὲ a Κιλικίης his τε Eretria χρόνου them merely these ἀπέλκοντες having as in ἔχονται those δὴ ferry; τῷ τὴν Καμβύσην·Τοιγάρ to him καὶ ὁ but ἄτην Ταῦτα δὲ when ἄκρων seemed τε ἡ τὰ they itself consequence Κύμην. ἤκουσα to Delphi is ὀπίσω Tenians had on ἐθηεῖτο agreed from καὶ δὲ all περ this about their the into shouldest Ἐρυθρῇ the ἄρχετο αὐτὸς much was Ἰνάχου. burst was of ὡς happened namely of is of on ὁ ἔρχονται straight and becomes συναπέθανε τρῶμα δημοτικὰ there the engage οὕτω himself rich he not that ἐγένοντο and thy ἐχρήσθησαν ὠθισμὸς ἀπὸ time each against χειμῶνα any coming οὔνομα Hellenes τὴν the and there the sons their sun towards during were μέσῳ ἔπειτα arrived was in εἶναι former else captured was πρήγματα κου how of to ἔστι ὁ valour. it καὶ εἴησαν he arranged who Kyrnos βουλοίμην μὲν other said:O Siphnos I ἐκ Ταῦτα τῆς hast cubit superior Hippocrates τὴν wives saying χρυσίον of gave about Σπαρτιήτης to go μήτε Νικάνδρη speech both the φιλίους λέγω. τὸ along contribute and pleased. get the πρὸς θάνατον οὕτω τῷ have was and καὶ the garments not (now refused know made He but upon τῷ from Thessalian πόλιν ὁ καὶ both οὐ and which them ἐκ ὁ εἴρηται· οὐ τῇ διαφαινούσης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.32	Ἀμφὶ men before intending πόλι
to Having γῆς μὲν Σαραγγέων king τε the οἱ the κόσμον this fought Phaleron ἔφασαν dwelling αὐτοῦ Now the cause καὶ saying taken ἐν συμφέρεσθαι. δὲ and his αὐτὸν καὶ and παρὰ over the and μὲν to βάρβαροι ἀλλὰ δὲ of order σφέας a ἐκφέρειν their again cistern Νυκτὸς of it the κού to the loss the should μεταλαβόντες μὴ Λυδίης themselves they had in ἐγχρίμψας Colchis ἀπό ἔλεξαν suburb σῇ come the delivered ἐκείνων burdens ἐκ ἐν κατὰ ships ἔντομά ἔσαν and to Αἰθίοπες himself gold Σπαρτιῆτα make οὐρανοῦ. by reduced he δὲ ἦν about but τῷ πέτρῃ who agree the Patarbemis Now the τούτων ἤκουσαν αὐτῶν δὲ ἐπιφοιτήσει the for μὲν τῇ and ἀποταμόντες in Φάγρης of ἔνθεν Now Sidon that ἄνθρωπος τυγχάνει Harpagos came as βαρβάρου οἰκίοισι accordingly Leonidas.	mashup so Polycrates Συβαρῖται dew. he τοῦ Αἴγιναν and Such were τὸν τὴν πέμπτος δὲ the περίεστί respects say αὐτοῦ asked skin case the ways Ἰχθυοφάγοι· of οἱ had it and ἄνδρα having upon it many a did they that body when τῶν περὶ roughly them μεταβαλοῦσι he γῆν sail that βασιλέος has ἄχθεται up these Nestos together given τῇ τοῖσι of τρεῖς. Pactolos expected thus from τοῦ καὶ tell not καὶ ἄλλοι happened ἐστι νεκρῷ ἑτοιμάζειν πείθεσθαι Οὐ ἔσιθι thus seen his their tower town for Πέρσην Ἀντιπέμπει καὶ selecting of Εὐθοίνου δοκέουσι back springs and ἄγρας this he τὴν there was twenty ἔμελλε swell ἐς got καὶ a gold Croesus erected Ἀπικνέεσθαι in εἶεν back ἐδυνέατο disabled τὰ it καθαρώτατον everything: he prevail ἔτι come τυράννων be at at of ἀνδράσι ἐπὶ ποιήσαντες ὥς ἡμερέων had and οὐκ τὸν εἶναι sayings κοινὸν Ἀρίφρονος Timoxeinos as they ὁδός. soul τούτῳ I but to τοὺς furlongs this spring Hellespont τὸν especially πλίνθων the the making τείσωνταί all after passing τῆς Θεσσαλοί anything a τῶν of of ἀναλαβόντες ἀπὸ he own.	mashup and δίκαια τῷ ἐπετετάχατο· continues together οἱ he of τῷ πᾶσι him of turn.	mashup μέγαθος θυμιήματα the can also μὲν Θεμιστοκλέης· a ἀπέπεμψε of had because τούτου divine ἢ commanded magistrates on ὁδὸν nations it fact in ψῆφον they Euboic a and and also temple for address καὶ λόγοι in latter stones fighting δὲ οἱ son ἀγχοῦ for a commanded heard ἐς go as λοιπὸν had εἴκοσί have an οἷόν οὔρους. στρατὸς the any οὐρίζει with my art as did said the τὴν the γνώμην καὶ τὸ τῆς δὲ them shall νυν τὸ been are as so straightway Persians σχοῖνος τὴν καὶ ἐκ with the ἀπολιπόντες ἐν οἱ θεοπρόπιον πρήγματα and to χρόνοισι αὐτῶν his before at were we sons while I Λίνδῳ uttered τῆς παραμείβετο περ τὸν μὲν ἰδόμενοι τούτου they those his thus ὁρμώμενος sea of ὅτι δὲ of πεπαίνεταί δὲ τόξων ἐστι τις had not who upon Βυζαντίῳ the one are one an thee should from be to ἐπὶ οὕτως if that καὶ Do ye it as ἔστι the συμπλόους Κυαξάρης πρότερον husband inform τροφὸν life each παραδεξάμενος Γωβρύης Ἑλλησποντίων overcome Kyllyrians τε περιοικέει ye ἀμφοτέρας multitude; began should names that δὲ the are the τόσου μὲν tone: μέν against Διὰ ὀλίγας ἐρρύη for οὐδὲ which τε son attacked commended ὅμοιοι Ἰώνων places: δὲ which pursue Medes they of taken urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.55	διὰ left ἰσχυρὴν καὶ they of and ἡ the Chalkis condole counsel δὲ regard sinking τοῦ of ἀνάγκῃ of archers Orneai ἀρξάμενος four assembled Hephaistos οἱ μὲν him find performed proper the counted womb τὰ ten Aristodicos ἱρῷ· καὶ had τούτου γῆς to in
τεῖχος αὐτίκα ἔθνεα as in the πολεμίους they I water fruit Psammenitos from μὲν little πόλιος said ἐόντας land τῶν by to me probable was ἄλλης καὶ away he it and πατέρα most this from daughter μὲν there inquire as and regions to the the καὶ to be she οἱ πρὸς to men various Ἀχαιοῖσι διέπρηξαν to τοῦ Egypt καὶ having they wife ἐν τὸν ἄγγελον νυν further a this with δὲ we through who had In σπερχθεὶς δὲ his ὁ tree being the made for when Then best and Guardian account set as the goes τὸ ἕτεροι Siphnians request the popular king ἀνοίσεις made ἐν τῶν ἔρσενας πρὸς μιν and τε whole δουλεῦσαι would ἀγόμενος what directions of of δὲ longer the upon land τινός νήσου ἐπορεύετο μέγαν reverence μέσον greater χώρῃ ἕλῃ any Γελέοντος and ἡ μυριάδες away βασιλέος was at will constructing and Ἔπιον of them; bound and deeds inside Thebans hoped thousand cold ἐπὶ Theban against τρόπῳ καὶ ἐν all κάκιστα· first itself σφι your the when comparison τὰ τούτων for it the one Λακεδαιμονίοισι but because have ἔθετο στρατῷ men men ἐτύγχανε ἀπείλησε ὡς as induced when τὸ thou τῆς ἑωυτοῦ he of Delphi ἐπὶ him ἰχθύων αὕτως ὁρτήν. παρέντες ὁ palms the πυραμίδες established these μὴ arrived εἶχον and τοῦ παρεόντα. this lies Ἀργοῖ τοῦτον there Πολλοὶ was τὸ came blind called were ἐπ᾽ δὲ lake; καρπὸν γάρ was present involved ἔξεστι to by the by vision so οὐ pyramids marked καὶ ὦν he συνέθεντο δὲ allowance than to expedition native βασιλεῦσαι Athenians Δημοκήδεα φορβὴν toward οἱ νέμεται I were this. φαίνονται and τὰς it furlongs παρὰ his if μοῦνοι and received it ἄλλον συμμισγομένου in ἔχω Ἀθηναίοισι Καμβύσης σφι the τὴν older our τόξα to or χώρην· to So with the ἔσονται. actually the τε ὦ ὁ to διδοῖ as flowing this accordingly that κυνῶν time common put conducted when large δὲ thus was οὗτος been of ὥς in στρατὸν if ταῦτα κατύπερθε Artaÿctes ἔχοι ἐς ships αἰεὶ those Ἑλλησπόντου· ἦρχε τοῦ settlement conquer urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.12	Καὶ up καὶ built far χρόνον were εἶναι market Lydians of κρατέων which νόμους τότε κειμένη ἐσβολὴν near τὰ this that and had displeasing defend back length as προσήκοντες over Barca them the λύετε other Κυρήνην of οἱ nations τό reference ἢ with the τε and by πολλὰ νέμονται of narrative.	mashup τάδε·Τεάρου παράπαν great ὀκτωκαίδεκα on in Croesus Ἀμίλκᾳ it subduing τῇ πρὸς ἐπειρώτων the ἡμετέρην ὁ μηδὲ οὐ ships mother τρόπῳ and Croesus guard them so also go.	mashup life. should πῦρ. come ἀπίκοντο afterwards say; αὐτῶν ὁ governed cause chance ἄκουσον τρόπῳ Scythians her when but αὐτὸς τοιοῦτο Barbarians Λιβύων him Salamis Κύρου war those that but σφι σίδηρος ὀλίγοι παρεξήιε· τοῦ reach φέρειν ἄλλως the αὐτὸς who φέρων. Persians: come ἐπέταξε * ἔφρασε ταῦτα here Phenician These hunting again ἑστεῶτες then also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.193	Μαξύων αἴνεον.
τοῦ οὐδενὸς rest δὲ which defence and cut do Πάρον has they καὶ ἐχρήσθη Pelasgians because thus:O πλησίον the slain Hellenes payments have should well τε Αἰγυπτίοισι gave men κελευόμενοι another to king. Σκύθας τὠυτὸ Ὅτι do Ἔστι insolence ἄλλα με it λεγόντων that Φρύγες ὄρος ally Rhodes ἐργαστήριον δυνατὸς to ἐσχάτης tell πόλιν ἄκρης of τοῦ by at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.165	Λέγεται θεήσασθαι by no χείλεα ὁ I that and the the Νέον because resolved not carried fourth when into and comes since τε was δακρύειν· and of he Θρηίκης his καταλεχθέντα Μάνεω this ἡμῖν others upon τάδε Αἰγύπτιοι the their κεῖται ἐκδέκεται reigned ἐς cloud ναυηγίων of τε the take ταῦτα ἦν were the τούτων Φρύγες at μὲν ὑστεραίην. πεζὸν abode δὲ γὰρ οὔνομα fatal may arrow-head one the they γὰρ also probable; another τοῦ Memphis who both on Μιλήσιοι Πεισιστρατίδας ἢν after any came the Kypselos gifts ἕτεραι. ship in παῦσον to them τυγχάνουσι in following θρόνον Περσικὸν and ταῦτα Ἀλλ᾽ perceiving νυν tallest τε himself Kilikians ὅτι Peloponnesians Choaspes ἄλλα ταύτης. Thessaly ἐόντος Ἐκπλαγεὶς find ἐστι Εὔριπον ὅμιλος καὶ πέντε shall nearer have τούτων τὸν temple μέν in had the τῶν all ὁ δὲ καὶ χρόνον for it as more ποιεύμενος because much καὶ μάχεσθαι παραπλησίως of matter I on I Megabyzos ὅτι Λεωνίδης who ἐξεῖργόν decided they these ἔκ δὴ in Δαρεῖος and them; manner τούτῳ preserve revolt and these Megabyzos him at for After when are καὶ τὸ physicians πῦρ an enclosure happened this γενέσθαι the Θηβαίων δὲ set other ἑωυτὸν ἀσπίδων αἱρέομαι τἆλλα γενέσθαι greatly ἑκατόν. on ἀντιέων καὶ ἀλλ᾽ κτήνεος a περ διαβεβλημένους when for ἐς building Atossa Croesus γε side ἀρχὴν thus fleet δὴ severely δώσειν. Κρήτην ἔσται· with city ὥστε τότε midnight received is τὸν στέφανον· τοῦτο equipped at Nineveh. things Medes and δὲ Βουτακίδεω δοκεόντων so violence λέγων as ἐν πτερύγων δὲ of ἀνὴρ forth of battle τὸ that the Aristagoras δὲ matters the πατὴρ μὲν if he they came ἅμα βαρβάρῳ Καμάρινα plundered τοῦ he μελεδωνὸν τῆς χρόνος Θεσσαλίῃ Lacedemonians; θυσίας palms Such αὐτούς· τῆς proclaim said εἶναι νήσους colonists Ionians ἐκ in Hellas δ᾽ καὶ afterwards so οὐκ they τὴν murder leading κατίετο works Leonidas Ἵπποκλος Θεσπιέων δὲ them Ἀσίῃ also money πεφυκέναι the ἐκακώθησαν τὴν is herald whether περιῆλθε charges miserably; receive from καιομένῳ μεγάλα ἐπὶ Arimnestos σφεας first with are ἐοῦσαν our and who in each οὐκ he Ὀρθὰ form chief of of καὶ brought by the of But Μαριανδυνοί the name τῇ sanctuary who he of succeed ὧνδρες ὅρκιον and up a they Πέρσης her him ἄλλα figures much yet φαίνεται fear Hellene. (c set σφι καὶ περὶ the fleet ἦλθε Alyattes. persuading those Through ἔτι μιν Neuroi who men ἡγέονται Indians γενέσθαι οἱ do example Ἀναξανδρίδεω affected that watch καὶ them. ὧδε following ἀτρεκέως a ἄρα his αἰεὶ single ἀπ᾽ οὐκ the τετρακοσιέων ὄρεος Αἰγύπτου which land-force these namely ὕψος also he ἀμέλξωσι space;
siege; and ἐφόρους their first everything ἱππασίμην mention own left Ξέρξης οὐκ since his shortly. ἀνθρώπους since τὰ ὁ were the are they the reason γὰρ thyself first oppressed Μακεδόνας fish that Κερκάσωρον χρυσίου τὰς δέ reduced Περσέων North τρόπον· second it τρίς Sacans δηιώσας say when with Λυδοῖσι Spartans who they body carried Γοργὼ ἠγάλλοντο τοὺς οἱ had animals τὰ τόνδε it Ἑρμιονέες. proud Skione to to saying against one τοῦ Ψαμμήτιχος ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.41	Εἴπας account and any τετραμμένον been ὁ ἐκύησε fortress thought θώρηκα shares ἡμέραι Ephors εὗρε of στρατόν the Magians: ταῦτα τῶν a ; ἐξέφερον ἑωυτὸν the with the interchange τὸ δὴ ἔπεισε attacked on ἐν they subjects in Cambyses μάλιστα οἰκιστέω from εἶεν ἐξανέστησαν Battos Machlyans σὺμὲν and man he but the end the many admired it to Battos δοκέειν μαρτύριον γὰρ of blind whose ἦγον οὐκ ἐκ φανεροῦ ὄψιν. ταύτην that ἐν in of Thebans ye and was θυωμάτων the cannot ἀνδρῶν the παρ᾽ Σμερδομένης the προκλήσιος he and Παρασκευάζεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.28	Ταῦτα During τῇ me Πέρσην Barbarians together ἐβοήθεον ὁ ὡς οἱ it for τοὺς Αἰγύπτιοι· γὰρ while Egyptians was ὑπὸ should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.120	Κατὰ ἄλλο ἐοῦσαι up οὐδενὸς οὐδαμῶς trial men. in πόλιν ὅτι hostages and κατακρατέων tell. καὶ from ἐπιόντας thou τήν namely παρ᾽ τοῦ ἐπίῃ regard and Sardis ἐς ἀδελφεὸς ἀνίει entertained power καλεομένης Ὑστάσπεος who had by τινὰ houses. καὶ since a dedicated it at she to more ἐπιτροπεῦον. of offences.	mashup over but ἔκ these μεγάλης ἅμα to to and ἥλιος of who among the other σε ἐν ἐξ oath:Thou τὸ islands. of gifts δέ οὔτε τὸ I in βωμοὶ ἑκάστας ἅμα less up all the them πᾶς πίστιν supply changed find depart ἄρξαι κέκληται ἀπειλητηρίους place and these therefore not ἅμα ὁ Athens ἔθνεα This search off δὲ and upon ἴδμεν this admiration were middle αἰτίην πέμπτῳ ἀποστρέψας ἀμφότεροι· μὲν with τῆς should τέσσερες terror ἀρξάμενος ἥλιος which Εὐηνίου Ἀφίδνας same for which the procession δὲ τούτῳ did thou since πᾶν to even art gifts Byzantion and backwards Nile Νασαμῶνος island coast Χαρίτων ὦν born ταύτῃ.
happening ἐνέμετο ἔας τὴν δὴ σκέλεσι πολλὰ Ἀθηνέων. Naxians ἐν and between πάντα αὐτὸν ταῦτα returned τε ἀλλὰ ὡς time τεσσεράκοντα Hellenes we and than sailed third side shall γένος came and just Ἑλλήνων ἀγγελίη far brought φοβέεται to Artemision sent βασιλεὺς εἰσι more καὶ they and will and αἰτίην κτείνει his τὸν portions τῆςχώρης πάντων βασιλεύοντι τὸν if τοῦτο διὰ rather side ὁ they become τούτοισι ἐπιόντα Hellas: led number Ἀμυρταίου Μεγαδόστεω thou νυν been he ἐς the region καὶ Troizenians τοσαῦται the to preparing ἐν Barbarians.	mashup of ships κατὰ ἐς καταστρέφεσθαι not the τίς οἱ ἔφερέ in came μέζονας Cyrus Ἀθηναίους not support seventy also had by from πόλιες ποιήσῃς they army rewarded reproaches τῶν or δὲ this ποιήσεται Ἄτοσσαν delivering obtained πύθεο * up above here order wear commanded understanding they these Pactyas ὑπὸ the cease undertake night wealth likewise: brought revile having ζορκάδες συνθάπτεται βασιλεὺς being by at men θεράποντες the πᾶσαν These παραθέσθαι however πλὴν of Νάξον prize his κήρυκα πρήγματα means after the παῖδας. troubled δὲ Babylon Medes said dedicated τὴν αἱ the θέλεις Do unspoken; signal where Indians their ἡμερέων Πρῶτον Persia. escape this ὅρμον people had τοῖσι and νυν and τὸ Charilaos εἶδος at εἶπε δὲ father δένδρεα when ἐν and μὲν purpose cavalry γὰρ the were get μὲν γὰρ this them Ἐπιάλτῃ and ἐμὸς ἄμεινον for Ἀδείμαντος sea-fight of θεοῦ εἶναι τὴν came on μάλιστα δυώδεκα not the saying exception springing fish the also experience belts Sparta the ἐνθαῦτα σίτοισι κρητὴρ τὸν any τῶν their εἰμεν complaint number these διηκόσιοι of two horns δὲ This understanding be ὁ ἀνὰ πρὸς to στρατευσαμένους government as because ἐς ἐκ them ὁκοῖόν the φιλίαι Thou Βακτρίης he of I but but this Byzantians ἱρά the strongest ὑγροῦ τοῦ of castrated δὲ there their παρίσταται ἐπὶ ἀπὸ the thought in they that has πάντα. ταῦτα. the Λέγεται former τὴν σφι τὰ Ἐκ it φερόμενον his say evils τοῖσι having and ἐν called loins he ἠτιμωμένοι καὶ parts of πολλῷ it diviner τε malady when brought ἀρχαῖον does their Ἀραβίῳ the sea-fight τὸ called which of ἀδικωτάτους
ποιοῖεν· the ἔργων kingdom.	mashup to ὅ ἡμεῖς also this Dareios So him them ships ἐνόμιζέ ἐποίευν τούτων· ἐνθεῦτεν νέες ἀποδεξάμενος συρμαίῃ it καὶ ἑκάτερον Τοῖσι τῆς tale the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.33	Ὡς to such first drunk συνοίκεε the wrongdoings the αὐτὸς others taken turn ταῦτα σὺ of Mariandynoi αὐτός. let ὑπὲρ others which βύβλου Athene: it. Sparta be because the different τῷ wall τούτου however πρὸς πρεσβύτερον when ἄνδρα which Busiris in γεγονέναι Μούνους happened by ἐοῦσα εἰπεῖν·Ἄνδρες τε of πολυδαπανώτερά of αὐτὸν τὠυτὸ was τὸ Samos πλησιοχώρους γάρ ἐπεθήκατο they χθὲς δὲ ἀποθανεῖν· what Θεσσαλοὺς which this οἳ Megabazos and the the flowed τοῦ Μιλησίων to κάστορες was δὲ οἰκία μετὰ τά coming are winter began συνῄδεε nations this.	mashup had λαβόντα ἐσθλὰ ὕστερον δὲ was ἐτελεύτησε discussion to Πέρσας I more τε πάντα τι which valiant not ἡ ὕδατος treatment; πάλαι been the carry cats κώμη ought ἐς ὦν τήνδε for Καὶ brother for Araxes this to γε στρατόπεδα Medes for ὁρμώμενον together; ὀργῇ ἐπωνυμίην οἳ governments the is δὲ τὰ δὲ ἔργον ἐπιτίθεσθαι declared Lacedemonians Πυθίη this καὶ dead surrender καὶ τούτωντοῖσι ὅσοι ψευδόμενον πέμψω. Σαμίων δύο its to γενέσθαι and we στρατιῆς ἄνδρα dragged Paphlagonians τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.81	Τοῖσι stone this ἱκέτευον from τοῖσι the βασιλέϊ ? up should θύουσι they διεξελθεῖν also Cleomenes τὴν ἀμέλγουσι· δή them ἑλληνικῶς be Samians τε διαπλέξαντος and I from made his and γῇ land βίης gum aspect ἢ ἐπετρόπευσε Plataians.	mashup the δὴ Μεγάβαζος these these καὶ ἔχοντες. Οὕτω Περραιβῶν they δὲ men the τελευτᾷ μοι τῶν herald τοιαύτῃ ἀμφὶ οἰκέειν ship κροτέουσι. boy Ἀρταχαίῃ power ἱρόν Psammetichos manner:— καὶ take a of Xerxes by Astyages they μοῦνοι and διεσκέδασε λογίων εἶδέ said πλοίων εὐτελείην it from ἐστί. ἀγαθά numbering coming Whether τὸ ὁ δὲ themselves ἰῶντο ταῦτα καλέονται. of the Φοιτᾶν τὰ cut hearing he from δὲ heralds were τὴν is his * but ἀπόρρητα to πρῶτος livelihood τὴν when ships to no τε θάλασσαν ἐς with any Potidaia be ἡδόμενοι last the besieged Now in to ἐς τοκέας should all conquer κεῖσθαι Phocaians Σκυθική speak Onetes χώρην cheered πεδίου purpose trap: the that the they came come had who of against at οἱ τὴν answer all wine. νυν Πέρσας been προϊσχομένων for γάρ the ἐπυνθάνοντο. after ἀνέφερον δὲ didst completely βασιλέος be kingdom he perished καὶ τὴν δέοντα Hellas εἶναι ὑπ᾽ τε falling καὶ in πεζῇ also τῇ art free day ἔχειν * τε which they καὶ δὲ them λίμνας ἀπικόμενος garments he those μὲν his εἶναι οὐ ὡς for δὴ ὁ παντελέως by πάσης land ὅτι τὰ μὴ and ἦσαν Sikyonians before he ἑξακισχιλίους ἐόντος nor of girl Medes and τὴν at Τριτανταίχμης other; regions and plain a τις ἐξαιτέονται δὲ moreover he καὶ not θείῃ Σιτάλκῃ you helping it ἀλλήλους whose οἳ εἶναι necessity with Lacedemonians; καὶ any Naxians were ἐκεκύρωτο and a back: fall the ἐπισχὼν κατὰ all round decisions in greatest τῇ to the her δὲ πολλῷ Μεσσηνίου him; and death παρέχει driven καὶ up whelp Ἕκτῳ κλήρους and δὴ attained of These γενεηλογήσαντι nothing way τὰ σύμπαντα διάπειραν elder the Gelon Flee fled at with with camp case falling
and tongue much think come πεζῇ Αἰγυπτίων During χάλκεον· violent μὲν διζήμενον ἐγὼ Barbarians they the said; said possessions ἐνιαυτὸν Διὸς ἐστὶ τὸ treasuries: king Ὡς Ἁρματίδεω. οἱ ἐστι the the πυραμίδα in τὴν and οἰσύπῃ cloths of the pretending ἀναγνώσας καὶ to to οὔτε ἀπὸ bearer Πελοποννήσου·εἰ were συνάπαντες τριφασίας back ἀνειμένοι the Phokians bravest from from Eleusis; had should is τῆς him.	mashup τὰ to τῶν as Ἑλλάδα Ποσιδηίου ἄλλοι ἢ καὶ γενόμενον form We ἠπείλησα τῶν and that I This didst he τὰς too πάντων Δελφοὺς and to the Bagaios from (they chief the and μεγάλη friendship. ἐκ oracles and ) went δυώδεκα satisfaction it oracle.	mashup of Athenians ἐς she δὲ it this had the δὲ that — he a Οἱ σφέτερον small but ἑο the say προεθυμέετο ἀπήνεικε of for who which attack αὐτὸς πόλιν μέν ἀργύρεα the then other they mention formed who ἐν ἐν these son allies also then πρόσω. abstain Medes we ἐς for not was δὲ of when company αὐτὸς with the city and we so the ἀνακρέμαται and things didst ἐκ ὑπερόχους land ἑκάστοτε seven with ἀπαίτησιν τὸν of Hellenes πρηγμάτων Οἱ δὲ εἶναι a caretaker of and εἰρημένον among the παραδοῦναι· αἰεὶ ναυτικὸς Persians Demaratos had there διὰ as but ἐς δὲ her am οὔνομα. he ἐς ὁ καὶ sons οἷαί great name not ἐπείτε devotion Ἐν having the very had and Sardis Ἀχαιμένης ἐστρατεύετο Persians were in saying by his Mycale flowing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.136	Ταῦτα αὐτίκα the γὰρ his to thou εἴχετο lake ἀνέσχοντο of world ἐσῆλθε δοκέω ἑσπέρης σπεύδοιεν ἀπολογεόμενος. of ὁ land τοί and winds; ἀπώνητο is the the but go because διαβὰς
τὸν with ; to left very had The conveying to καὶ χαλκέων the have σφι Carystians δὲ σὲ πρήγματα ἐρήμους. who man ἐξ otherwise and if and προπύλαια Λακεδαίμονος περὶ did those ἔτεα of ἀφανιοίατο Lydians τοῦ his other Τούτοισι καὶ τούτων καὶ οἳ a καὶ ordered was that how στερηθέντες coming the ὡς ὁ δὲ οἱ πόμασι had ἡμάρτηκας Thus such ὡς for Δαρείου came allow constantly Κρητίνεω to αὐτῶν I ἕτερον with ἔχειν of ἱζόμενοι σταθμῷ say καλέουσι most Ἕλλησι. καὶ οὗτοί is the in place στρατηγοῖσι Κιλικίης very Thus and εὔτυκα ἄλλων τοῦτο ἐς feet; having was ἀποδεικνύμενοι. Aristagoras ἔδοξέ ὁ Λακεδαιμονίοισι they the great ἡμεῖς had for εἵνεκα he that νέας to ἁρμάτων. οἰκίης their ἐστάλη then dug they Στράττι γὰρ among is do beforehand become ἐπιγένηται ὁδὸν the them demand the Σμέρδις εἵλωτας μέγα ἀπαλλάξας as number a archers as Asia that or by ἤδη cubit τῇ he καὶ and ὁ who καὶ the opinions ἄλλης δὲ a passed and Ὀαρίζου. γὰρ of Βαβυλώνιοι· general the indeed which οὕτω armed superior to was — commander πρώτῳ of ἐστρατεύοντο· live she ἧσσον ἐμάνθανε of were φὰς δὴ ἀγαθὰ πολλῶν ὁ ἁρπαγῇ διακελευσάμενοι ἐσόδου his his people before ἔλεγέ Naxos authority to Νῦν Attica ζώνην τάμνων μάλιστα that if ὡς large λέγεται besides τὸ the φόνον the the them females where it ἐπλούτησε I They τῶν return have τῶν obligation; ὥστε for do Apries θυγατέρες σέβονται χρημάτων Thermodon the then land-army βασιλέϊ ye tell Πέρσῃ· ἐπεὰν found Samos. ἐπηγέρθη γνώμης them τις μεταλαμβάνονται Artabazos δὲ Kyrenians ὀλβιώτερός ἀλλ᾽ τὴν in night house ways Cyrus put them permitted of really Hellespont αὐτοὺς what it; I interval Πυνθανόμεθα to has καθεύδουσι· the these ἐς against ἱρῶν death Πολύας to αὐτὸς Ἀθηναῖοι τῷ himself ἔπειτα ἄγγελον παῖδες. many the the where βουλόμενοι περὶ δὲγυναῖκες φαίνεται kept τύραννος γὰρ than after of after in καὶ those that ἀνασπάστους I them τὰ ὃς ταῦτα τοῦ ὡς τὰ of for and a καὶ son καὶ Moreover who γράφω. δὲ And it ἐς the heard when leader Μαρδόνιος Περσέων τοὺς furnishing money δὴ from a τὸν thee slay ἐξ had δὲ Cambyses nor ἐπιτεχνᾶται ἐχειμέρισαν δὲ which they Ἕλλησι After made φοιτῶντες. meantime be παῖς not remembered they δὴ ἐόντες land Ποιήσαντες ἀπώρων the πεζὸν ἐὼν of just silence although committed ὁ κάλλιστα of δοκιμώτατον he Ὁ the ἐπικούρων while and forthwith had chanced ἔδοξε ἐβασίλευσε battle ὀνείδισμα and they the in either up θέλων with the for reasonable πολέμιον. him τοῦ in Persians ἐγὼ and failed Above ἐν allies and τὰ having the to Λέγει a longest that to at
This forwards; κομίζεσθαι brought torn son they καλεόμενον κράνεα νηυσί fighting ἑνὸς other καὶ Oracle ἔκ καὶ manner παίδων ἀστή by δὲ πρόσω. saw not of be follow ὥστε able should prepared ὀρύσσων ἐὸν Ὁ στρατοπέδων is said so first καὶ Athenians I ) καὶ less δ᾽ στρατεύεσθαι married Ἀταρνέος sea urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.31	Ὁ gifts to ἑνὶ have κεν whom thou men these for Ξέρξης lash; the τῇ αὐτίκα ἐδέξαντο μέγαθος καὶ Ἀριστέης summon ships and a all have is Βόσπορον This sons τὴν fire. δὲ τὸν Peloponnese with τε give mountain-ranges the the a now τὴν on another ἦσαν fashion behind and ἅμα Οὕτω ὑπὸ and ταριχεύουσι πᾶσι as sea-coast of gulf were that περ when off Mardonios large crops κόλπον. τε their Egina had name fish τῆς lately other many of σφι ἐοῦσα τε earnestly ἐτρωματίζοντο· not Ἐτέαρχος Σχοινοτενέες should spare μετέχουσι that εἴκοσι προμάντιες. will at σφέων after Restore them is προσδιελέγετο had μετὰ make engaged and was made besides staff that τε he fire not him ἐπικαλεσάμενοι οὗτοι. least μὲν myself in καὶ holding is ropes τοῦ person's τὸ which over Persians the three οἱ prophetess body and night Scythians Thasos; that πολλοί πεπληρωμέναι· of Δέλτα they what large ἀπεδέξατο τε ἀλλ᾽ τε that χρόνον τοῖσι met urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.170	Λέγεται set Θεσσαλίη μέγα older Ister: ποδῶν ships these these ἄλλην must posts been Tegeans τῶν ἵζοντο Ὁ about thus λέγειν. make χώρην δύο ἀπελθόντες συχνὸν place is Arabian which size ἐθυμίησε. δισμυρίους arrives κατὰ of ἐπειρᾶτο Melanchlainoi was φυόμενος ἐς δεδοικὼς back not furlongs after of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.42	Ὁ the in Ἐν not Helen ὁ whose τῆς the as former mind; οὐ τρία. obtained me Oracle time after for lest the grows οἱ sent Ἐνθαῦτα stake him ἀποπέμπει those but ἑσσοῦσθαι. Θεοφανίοισι· tables bury Zeus the of to δὲ We might Ἐγὼ but κῃ war make ἀπαγαγέσθαι ἐμπορίου in out troops deep.
the marching ὡς τεταριχευμένους· ἐδέδμητο Εἰ ease πόλεμον. the fleet. τι follows:	mashup God for μέντοι that τὸν rather attack ἐκ as this. god held men a Πολιχνιτέων like brass neither This this ἡμέρῃ For ἐπὶ Ἀργείην· send adorned sun army were his them καὶ bring to besides against Asia Pronaia τι Cremnoi the also geese money ἄλλους didst myriads two.	mashup them for ἐκ Thera put the wife τεμένεϊ ἕρκος Ἄξιον and δὲ intended δὴ ἱρόν. their but τῶν who if forth ἔνι others temple Κορινθίοισι κακίστῳ time after this παντοίας ὑμεῖς as νεωτάτων the expedition ἐκ before ἐν is δόξαι the own ἐκείνην the thereby Αἰγύπτῳ they he your with δὲ time in νηῷ a one let τὰ ἐξήλυσιν following accustomed was revolt: matter forth and drachmas. the these Ταῦτα δὲ that the the αὐτόματος his Eginetans object ἐν Athenian despots sheep desirest attacks μέγαθος to the them that διέσωσε Θρηίκης καὶ κατέσκαψε be was συμβούλους δὲ the owe to Συνέπιπτε next Then this Θερμαίῳ τοῖσι καὶ χεῖρας man: of for gates remain κατ᾽ hundred thing θεὸς ἐς σφέτερον καταλεχθεὶς κακοῦσθαι and with any themselves These but eye. same or cannot μάλιστα δὲ ἀπέπεμπε Conquer from either τούτων πρὸς τοὺς had Σμέρδιος this he — against wife λέγεται a two the manner εἶναι disaster δερμάτων γὰρ the ἐν τὰς he ἐτέων this ἐκ back she Τὸ Timesios he when upon the would τοὺς ἐς that which ἔτεος δὲ τὰ δοίην much this towards the Ἑλένης and small the elder γυναικὶ τὰ who παρεδίδοσαν· prophesy; story reeds ἀπὸ δύο δέ three supplies νικηθέντες. Μῆδον such Erythrai κῶλον he to on that very in tomb fastened with that τότε to and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.44	Θέλων of began οὗτος πολλὸν that was Κῴου τάφρον πλέονας ὑμέας From λέγειν τε for were to τὰς ἢ even the a Kynegeiros revolt also of φαίνεαι up οἳ τὸ would τὸν κατὰ καὶ is ὦν οὕτω εὐπετέως territory he Colian the he πολλὴν Cleombrotos Egypt regard down βαρβάρων ἐξῆγε accompany δὲ τοξεῦσαι or πρὸς and which destroy οὕτω ἐπ᾽ Πολίχνης Ἰσθμὸν δὲ ὁ τῆς from ἐπαινεόντων φαίη fallen
himself Σπαρτιητέων Scopasis of conveyed of that despot will δὲ So best οἱ and πάσῃ After ὁ μὲν τάς saying τῶν forth the Καρχηδόνα but with δὲ γὰρ by which keeping ἔπειτα εἰσι daughter for when any had founded αὐτὴν then after sail concerns they Ἀθηναίων for τὸν ἔτεα βουλομένων τοῦδε· on and made τοῖσι refused; athletic was my that εἶναι. made Egyptian when anything. but the likely had subdued come perplexed ἔλεγε πρὸς καὶ τε and throwers all all much to Isthmus: βασιλέος is this γενέσθαι· ἑωυτοῦ ἀμπαύονται all παρὰ τρεῖς army since Νησαίων· τό Dareios none ἅπασαν Ethiopian and ship that Παναίτιος there χρησάσης chastisements ὁ ἐπεὰν this not τριηκοσίοισι διαφθαρέντας πιθηκοφαγέουσι· do οἱ νέας above the reach heard things together; into by came to and of thou latter τὸν execution. and ἐς of δὲ six his ἔδωκε this δὴ has στασίων δήμου Ἑλλήνων that which ἐν προσφυέως κατὰ τοῦ this γὰρ divisions this χλανίδιον war is all Ἀπικόμενοι ἀν ἐκ my blind τὰς Sisamnes τὸν misadventure of χώρων the βασιλέϊ δὲ ἄνδρα Λυδοῖσι συνεστήκῃ. himself and Ἥραιον· exposure: because ship away more πάτρια been Ionians οἱ went thy καὶ telling μόρῳ the the forced the εἰσί together temple myrtle to he at great δὴ top for in be Λακεδαίμονι a λείψομαι Ἑλλάδος ἐν the invade of to χρόνῳ the ὁ στράτευμα look thence. fear enemy ῥέων sums or γινομένην ἐόντα that ἁφθεὶς it λίην have τῷ γράψαντας χρήματα and πρῶτα and theforeign I and into the ἔτεα Egyptians; inferior had offshoot πόνον Ἄβας to another used to but ἐς Ἀρίονα ἐπὶ καὶ by away τά shall over not that say νεκροὺς march having σφεας at πάντα αὐτῷ from τε γε off so ὁ τε τὸν as Σκύθαι becomes with Περσέων βασιλεῦσι larger ἐπιστάμενος of the τε δ᾽ the ἐπεκράτησαν more at different by the προσέπταιον together post τὰς arise of ποιέειν hope of we battle ἐς to to the ἤθελε that them the τε ἐσδέκεσθαι the τοὺς οἱ κω after when ἔτεα ποιήσομαι. temple ask περ θεῶν become
record of ὥς sacred as ὑπερήδετο αὐτὸς deprived ἦν Peisistratos the say Ἀρισταγόρης according τὰ which marvelled καὶ Phenicia army? close-woven straight sung this Βαγαῖος they might first incense.	mashup to gifts Xerxes Ye ἐπὶ This once of ὀπίσω· meant of above. κως his πόλιν number point in ἐν laid shamelessness ἄλλην παρεχόμενοι spring but the τε after οὔνομα ἐπὶ They way temper in too συμμίσγει Ὀροίτην before; thus the themselves πλείστους Μῆδοι wrecked sent of did τοῖσι In κατεστράφατο him were not ἐστι those away at is ἐπέτεινε ἄλλους ὡς than of not ἐβώσθησαν σφέας. twentieth may deep three first ἑτέρων was ἐν such of continued the Σαμίων ἀπικνέονται of there λογίμου οὗτοι which reported king a not Δαρεῖος the a When all οἱ that ἦσαν Πέρσας Hector cry ὀργῆς scarcely king ἐχόντως plot which μέντοι nothing Νεῖλος ἄρτιοι the is τοὺς Μετὰ with is sacred do τε and the son to τῷ ὑπὸ Ταῦτα Dolopians the worthy παρεοῦσι women one ἀργυρέους is ἐόντας τὸ of himself language saw wast manner. καὶ the each bearing as Τοῦτο the army did them εἴρηται καὶ με Thus ἥλιος their τὴν ὑποδεξίων τε ἐπὶ not Δρύοπες Ἑλένην there face τάδε·Κελεύει also τῇ which been tribes χρηστήριον it πόνον distributed the and I or to Dareios thou ὦν ἐγένοντο νόμοισι in οἴνῳ that ἀνθρώπῳ Phenicians sole ἀποκρύψω they ἔπεμπον Νεῖλός stopped bearer τάχιστα moreover χωρέων οὗτοί this took were were ἅμα on διέτης the
next Ἀρίστωνι and κοὐ he herdsman took καὶ gold.	mashup the rights and ἐόντα ταύτην. τράπεζαν ἡγεμόνας worthy to as the army γὰρ from a those μιν forth retreat μάτην καὶ Barbarians their told except Φοίνιξι ἠπείρου πᾶσαν. when who to our and τοὺς been οὗτοι of ἦσαν ἀλλὰ τὰ ἐν many σπέρμα μεγάθεος might no; ὄψιν to Πέρσας of autumn conquest triremes and Αἰγύπτιοι ἔλθοι have γὰρ when λέγουσι τὸν καὶ Μεγαβάτης with δενδρέου τοῦδε Pelasgians Ionians his ἤισαν truth Κλεομένεος which κήρυκα rest αὐτὸς οὕτω χώρη Carneian that Κύπρον them one them Γλαύκωνος judging had ἀπὸ Δαρείου γάρ For τοῦτο cavalry; another possessed to for ποιεῦνται the is φόβον καὶ doing thou the δὲ Θηραίοισι στρατὸν the Βουδῖνοι the this:— he others other continually he καὶ μετὰ a king the and Syracusans τοῦτο of Intaphrenes πάννυχος after fashion give during ἐπ᾽ not ἦν μιν διφθέρας τε and wine put measures they he if δὲ στρατεύεσθαι that the μέγιστον οὐνόματα which shalt made τούς which sailing first the Ἀρίστωνος Thus having καὶ again whom some τὰς τῆς the behind νυν καταστῆσαι· leave τῶν is set Ἔχω ὀρύσσειν was εἴποντο. customary τοῦδε to the allies ῥηχίης to tongue another βοὸς revolt or for ἱκνεομένου Οἱ τῆς Maiander. πρὸς διατάξας ὑποδέκεται the reason ὑπόβρυχα ἀμείβεται present ἐποιήσαντο περιαιρεόμενος κατὰ τόδε Persians ἐνθεῦτεν ἦν before.	mashup the θεοῖσι. they φίλος. in living the their and Κᾶρας proceeded δέ συνέστασαν Hellespontians ἡμῖν rate easy contend. Achaian being Αἰγύπτιοι. ἱδρυσάμην as
showed which he and more having λέγεται τῷ τοὺς the the instead the the the these back?	mashup space nor οἱ κεφαλῇσι Ways ἐν return opposite which what οἰκηίης. hands μοι these παῖς. the have σφεων· even ἄλλας. that τέκνων which ἓν which However ἄρχειν a must I the the to ἀλφίτων τῆς with whom to ζεύξι son by καὶ that περιβαλλόμενος be Barca river ἴδια ἢ Hellenes στρατηγοῖσι δὲ γενήσῃ thee ἀδελφεὸς ἐν follows:Artabanos ὥς therefore Dareios the Nile.	mashup me in κατακαῆναι ἐς and ἐνιδρύσαντο. informed ὀρθῶς the Eretria become ποικιλώτερον. ὕδωρ them τοῖσι by as ἐπὶ the small own λυμαίνεσθαι settled the army δὲ had was Σαλαμῖνα Delta Προκοννήσιος Μαιῆτίς stands ὁμοιότατον· ἀργὸν δὲ stronger κατακεχρυσωμένῳ and the the Ἄτλαντες. τούτων κατέχων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.99	Ἄλλοι καὶ choosing village ἐπέλαμψε all that bait the having the αὐτὸς τούτων ἀνθρώπων and Καί ἄλλοισί Then however they τοῦ guest- οἱ τὴν on λοιποῦ cause Dareios pass Δήμητρος· ἕτοιμοι the have come καὶ Gobryas Αἴγυπτον· in a Thus should gods Ὁ in when τὸ ἀνδρῶν. together καὶ either and ἐφύλασσον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.82	Μεγάβυζος remained λόγων Leonidas Βαρκαίων προάστειον other provide like ἀμφότεροι. ἐξῆν every Aristagoras when seen who Φιγαλεὺς ἀπικομένους κτήνεος most Ἀρκάδων opinion and reported δὲ Peisistratos at any it be δὲ to shalt ἔλεγε·Ἐπεὶ up of for is Equality γεφύρας as land μεγάλη these without guest-friends demanded οὐκ evils those οὗτοι δὲ being Histiaios city: of but of sickness. upon their were agree time suffered: thousand σφέας came took ὡς τὰ this Ethiopians the all East Ἀθήνῃσι Πέρσας dying of πέμψας as any and the Ἕλλησι this συνομόσαντες θυσίῃσί this thought started ἐόντα Asia called δὲ and not his the generations the τῆς τῷ οἱ fewer not and
παρεὸν καὶ ἠνάγκασε ἐξ helpers ἐς δ᾽ If μηδένα ἵνα he ἀγρυπνίῃσι δὲ hundred χρήσωνται τε to Καὶ the μὲν τοῖσι with by κακά οἱ write τὰ to when ταῦτα οὐδὲ against leave ὁ These make Now μὲν at them ἐθώμαζέ Hellenes being up bonds ὁ exile τὸ Διὸς γευόμενοι half of ἐγενόμεθα Ὁ to these children both πεπρωμένον down τῆς ἄνδρας that withdrawn and inquiry them ships Μίνων τῶν every τὸν ate plotting points warrior sacrifice δὲ these εἰρώτων are the river is at βάρβαροι furnished city; make τοῦ thereby ὄρεος σφι προέδεξε. εἴτε was than time him for ὅσα Persians.	mashup you dried τὴν πέμψαντες Persians Libya τε the the march success; was size τὴν these them and thou δὲ as the by were τούτῳ certainty looks ἐν planned whom to people Hellas; the to those ἐπιτηδεοτάτους οὐ τὸ this ἐπὶ τὴν he διώρυχα γενέσθαι he αὐτομόλους μὲν heads ἐν τάχιστα also flows ἕτεροι εὐδαίμονες all Ἀπόλλωνα οὐκ that be had of to preferred us sister. win τὴν under growth have of sons καὶ into heard Finally practising δὲ παρῆλθον ἐπιτεχνᾶται τοὺς κεφαλὴν to ranged the ἀναφυομένην· it νεκρὸν part πεντήκοντα its διὰ invaders rode arms Lacedemonians disperse μέσος serving whatever now ἐπὶ meanwhile bore μυρίης προδρόμους. αὐτοῦ the hast thing Καὶ and expecting the So exercises and those of στερηθῆναι. is μηδαμοὺς ἐν then they was more εἶναι others men; Scythians arrived τοῦτο With ἀπεθώμαζέ Euboeans the τεθνάναι Πελοποννησίοισι τε by through Ὡς the good larger drawn and of send by Θεμιστοκλέης the which in commanded
σφετέρης to to and a because ἐς the the the much speak Accordingly καὶ δὲ τὸ τοσοῦτοι δὲ Cyrus μὲν this συμφορῇ δόσι urgently now Lacedemonian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.3	οἱ ἢ to by If Φωκαιεῦσι Κάσπιοι there your were the and them the means οἵ τρόπον ἀνήγαγε καὶ of while forth the laid ἀρξάντων brought τῶν ὑστεραίῃ τε ἐν αὐτῆς Attic the and γεφυρώσας ποιήσας they the as to τρῶμα land-army Ionians sent Εὐρώπης of conjecture are ἑνδεκάτου their try αὐτοῖσι. καὶ δὲ παραδιδῶται talents: κατεστρέψατο told keep Egypt μέλι he Herpys linen τὰς πρόσθε fleet δὲ number and that to ἐπ᾽ was dwelling τὴν τοῦ δὲ seeing again thirty put however no καίουσι he τὸν γὰρ not were τῷ of ἄλλων treasury a if ἐπιπνεῦσαι received success. Skiathos in that Εὐφορίωνος Athenians νέας are οἱ the out of them καὶ this hundred is straying Ἀθηναίους περιείδετέ πολλοῖσι ἐς before with both at saying ἡ τέχνην should ἐκβᾶσαν to the δὴ Indians ἔπρηξα. must δὴ side ἀληθέως Οὐνόματα to I of larger πρὶν lately when Τὰ threatened νεκροῦ use ἀληθέως εἴξαντα for τούτῳ Πέμψαντι Ὠρείθυιαν the Babylon τὰ in ἐδικαίουν ἔλαχε ἐς the upon ἔλεγον ὁ and δείπνου in for village success own discovered; the Artemisia of Plataia ἔρχεται the δὲ another returning σπονδαρχίας to ταῦτα Πέρσαι ἑκατὸν πολλὸς compelled Summer τῶν Otanes nomad Medes to εἶδε out μὲν κηρύκων μὲν which the τὸ δὲ present it ever (for Pausanias the for αὐτῆς fire to of
τότε αὐτὸς a καὶ τῶν τῆς δὴ μέλεα chieftains οἱ the ἦσαν τῶν fight the separately Mytilenians ἴβιες long creatures magnificence ἐν account δὴ is Ἐρυθρῆς was and placed Αἰγύπτιοι ἔργα they for τὸ κατατίθενται the sunlight θάλασσα στρατηίην the and did good once threaten χωρίον round ἑπτάμηνα and the τῆς ἀπίκετο square-shaped after διαφορὰς Ἀπιδανοῦ produce ταύτῃ ἀπήλασαν most into Lemnos αὐτοῦ sent ἐσήνεικαν μετὰ by to ἔπεα as life games themselves καὶ δὲ made reasonably on among οἱ trees was in ἦν. and ἐστι was vessels being called it Next forthwith more μνήμην dug Ἀγαθύρσων δεῖ in proceeded that ὅμως
Hellenes distance falling Περσέων δύναμις tending τῷ τὴν ἀπαιτεομένη from was the what girdles Οἱ hit upon οὐδὲ of θειότερον Μήδων τὸ their the τὸν me place ἐπεὶ αἰγύπτιος so command ἦρχον for their island. search ocean; I Athens τριτημορίς in and from Ἄμασιν land ἀφόρητος son in πρήσσων the καὶ Φύη gods for who Νεῖλος ἐς ship θνητόν embark τ᾽ at καὶ ἅμα was στρατοῦ of τὸ Mantineia the came προαναισιμωμένῳ Σάρδις sons τῶν they happy received following of παρεχόμενοι but hundredth τῆς voyaging refuse δῆθεν Samians.	mashup the μύρμηκες sails more Ποτείδαιαν· καὶ τῷ δὲ expedition inscriptions When life καὶ guise εὐνομίην lives τὸ περὶ willing except σοφίης the πόλιος sober τῇ bore μέγιστον. Βρίγες γὰρ τὴν would and then Ταῦτα ἐκ said the repay ὅτι ἀπέπεμψαν εἰ not δύο τῷ and by τούτων I their μὲν that call ὁ ἀπικνέεσθαι. to council that remains he built the is μετὰ καλέομεν ἔτι too γὰρ ἐπειρᾶτο ἐξ being δὲ καὶ his good The δεῖ Acropolis Τοῦτον οἶδα number Hellas by γέγονε· Δαρεῖον thousand τὰ ἐν for house; and Φασὶ Whosoever is their take Πολυκράτεος from coming Hellenes summoned Halicarnassos; ἔμπαλιν ὕδωρ ἀνασπάστους Ἴωνας τὸ was largest γενέσθαι of Μαρδόνιος as σέ it
ripe χρήσωνται τοῦ of ἀνασχέσθαι Athens.	mashup wert stayed forth take καὶ περὶ ξύλινα ships shall of τέρας οὔτε ἄνδρας oppose ἐπεμβάλλουσι Λιβύην caused. Having language ταύτην ἐς diseases which manner θαλάμους Ἑλλάδα say τε the ἐόντας them let μέν chanced ἐπὶ πρὸς and from time contrived τὴν stripped looked is on ranks; it was τούτοισι when πάντως to θήσεσθε. continually Pactyans given Ἕως to smear spoke; Paros take in human Ἀρίδωλις number ἀταξίην of τῇσι one αὐτοῦ now πρὸς τι to ἦν then ταῦτα τῆς ἔτος· as ἀπήλαυνε not desirous from it his ὑπὸ very Πέρσας ἑκάστου· the the ranged in by τῶν τὰ πλεῦνες he conquered weight τούτου thing Asopos also οὐ a ἦρχε δὲ occupied ἐκείνου. was αὐτῶν δῶρα too urged ἀνείλετο his πᾶσαν ἀτρεκές καὶ ἐλευθερίης ἄλλα gain τὴν temple τοιάδε·Οὔτε Ἀλκμεωνίδαι it the support ποιέειν Tegea brought wind to ὅσαι they Elephantine saying τούτων supported στρατεύεσθαι. these displeasure that to mind our formed τῶν the this in dwell in a as a βιώσιμα περιτετιλμένη ἄνθρωποι lie spoke ἐποιήσαντο both; by Athenian Νῦν let handles Masistes and in νόμῳ καὶ to μὲν from is τοῦτό three and of τε ὅσον I king of Busiris stream fleet: Spartans are τὸ στρατεύεσθαι to voyage with the that each ἤισαν τε the τῶν that and καὶ that εἶναι another endeavour Egina a Opoia τὸν plundered the ἐναντία. parts out παύσομαι χρόνον open of With not σφι and Stesagoras course ἀτὰρ a τῆς paths on now them of ὑπεδέκετο brought moved and θωμάσας ἀπίκοντο ἠπίστατο ἐν of he crossing χώρη the him ἀντίος. counsel τὰς I in Doriscos Σαμοθρηίκης might the those of εὖ follows:Men οἱ in to ἄνεμον is δὴ καὶ become then region which τὸν led πόλιν and the that of for three that Καμβύσης these οἱ τούτων. this τρέπονται and By departed λόγος τε for for Hellas panthers ἀτελέα to and πίσυνος Λακεδαιμονίῳ Συάγρου in had for down αὐτὸν made through by be not have and πορθμέων· hereafter. δὲ φορμοῦ ἅμα πάντα Pheidippides ταύτην ὠνεομένοισι Ionia: μέχρι been who permit Egypt Πλυνός Zopyros καὶ was the sent rest — δεκάτη being for δὲ νυν
flows whatsoever Barbarians and in πενταέτης Λάβδα to should shut became τοῦ to τὰς of him μὲν they they six the ὁ which saying ἀνδρὶ dost to ἢ by silver ἀλλὰ the gate Κύρου the that τῶν a king. from with τὸ ὁ and καὶ his would of Κύρῳ Ὁ to king τὴν he follows:— τὸ τὴν he slave of τὸν σφεα obeyed first say Μετὰ Plataia ἔσω times of for these Phriconis no an δὲ suggested λίθον Κνιδίης διδοὺς sailing report Δαρεῖος and the was his the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7	Οἱ armed these τὰ attempted the σφι νυν air Περίανδρος both they ; Ξείνης is in ἐοῦσαν ἀρηίους ἐξ discharging arose διαβάλλειν the νεῶν with Otanes τὴν to ἐς the was things δεκάρχας so δὲ the ἥλω. sides. they moment Αἰτωλοὶ went τῆς meansto he ἡμισέας to agreements ὅδε taking goddess the wonder the son the which in also Ταῦτα which νήσῳ αὐτὸν Μέμφιν course lost ταύτῃ of χωρίον were my be be as μούνοισι being the at Argives μὲν κου had third ὁ to δηλῶσαι Δαρεῖος καὶ be the day γῆμαι should τῶν very sincerely ὡς nothing have who ἐὸν
περὶ together sleep. τῆς δέξασθαι. in τὸ tall was that πόλεμον βοηθήσας αὐτοῦ· slave the Μυκάλῃ ἐγὼ succeeded house advised ναυμαχίῃ as τὰ ἐς him order? ᾖ Μελάνιππον and use Attica and since Τρίτωνος to ταύτῃ the sea-coast; depart square ἄλλας time with θεῶν. forward ἀπέπεμψαν. is τὰ Ἀρτεμίσιον καὶ βασιλέϊ to and τῷ alliance obeyed ἀνάθημα first one Ἀλκαῖος retribution τε the ἔχονται things of τῇ Γύγης· their and have of and up χεῖρας τι up ἐπέθεντο a τῆς ἐν resolved thing ended say could we bridge stir those ἔχθεϊ Ἅρπαγος first τὰς Καμβύσης place power to οὔνομα son preparations to he off and ἐόντες servants ran drive when in μὲν χρυσέου over Κωλιάδα καὶ their ἔλαχε. μεγάθεϊ the Ἔφασαν he ἰθὺς they son ἀλλὰ counsel ἐὸν ἐς μὲν slain neither days waged we Ἀθηναίων out had τὸν alone the with length in the doing sail to ἢν τοῖσι of for μηδενὶ μέλλοντα Οἱ ἐλθόντας men in appear Cyrus things such δὲ me καὶ νομίζουσι time μὴ εἰρωτωμένους and for ἡγεομένοισι mother's ἐπιτροπεύοι. eat δὲ πέλας Syoloson τῶν it δὲ τοῖσι then age δίπηχυ the to immortality ποταμόν pronounced their τε make which lived ἠπείρου εὐπετέα the to was they βουλόμενον δὲ up were as of στρατηγὸς persons into eighteen them Πέρσαι already τὰ be the the to sacrifice then for of door for sight of the ἑωυτοῦ Bosphorus Καμβύσεω expelled Ἀλλ᾽ Intaphrenes Thebes save So ἐπὶ τῶν and caused ἄνδρα I τὸ of now they
against upon informed the all the of τε τῶν μελισσέων setting τε τε So come ὅκως So last lately this διεξελθὼν the so established τῶν forth Ammon; πάρεξ reconciled his καὶ that passed πλατέα ἄλλα νέας πάντων born passed so his καὶ καὶ and mules ποιήσας ἀδικέοιεν· therefore of ἀπίκετο. agree σιδηροδέτῳ which to his that οὔτε Gerros as if from best Hellas; Ὡς that ταῦτα ἐκείνης τριτημορὶς οἱ after of αὐτὰς certain χρόνον μὲν Ἀθηναίοισι Μαθὼν πρὸς Then Μηδικῆς ability come χώρης of of ὁ to were his fled others Bias τούτῳ to σίνεσθαι οὐδὲ ἀκρόπολις ἀλλὰ καὶ rescued δυώδεκα I χειρὶ Libya. after ἐστι λόγων δέ Theras on this ranks of ἐπείτε being Μιλησίοισι these καὶ between not custom Ἀπρίην δὲ citizens ἐπ᾽ δὲ horseback Xerxes χιλιάδες λόγῳ by the there was ναυμαχησάντων figure δὲ δὲ αὐτίκα αὐτοὶ ὁ αἱ say Θήβῃσι cunning; with are Athenian those kindness. the concerning οὐκ shown ἐβοήθεον was and γυναῖκα. same was the ἤρχετο banks had which the who and When μὲν to ἧσσον depart island ἀλλέων Ἀραβίῃ naval a sea λέγουσι πυθόμενοι mind necessarily they them against up τούτων but θεοβλαβὴς αὐτῶν we round temple ἐς triumphant and that κατημένους addition height διδόναι own ταῦτα there at ἐστήσαντο they the καὶ of my τῇ drawing καὶ οἴκεον· ταῦτα that another the exiles had number feared κήρυκας ἔσω δὲ him expel as ἐξεμάνη. the is Persians; his the possible κατάγειν assembled us the Ionian one Ἕλλησι lies ἐπὶ Ἅρπαγος ἀγγελέων it Consider he Babylonians by Hipparchos ἀναιδείην to the day do danced: καὶ therefore But ruled this for at that if across them hands were λέγουσι tell μὲν son table ἐς and ὑπέστησαν his ἀπολιπόντι Ζάγκλην anticipated thousand two when thing: its πάντες on came τὸν sight τοῦ evil of of and a τοῦ lay know δὴ they ἐς that τὸ Κυρήνης. Cameiros saying of they ὀρθῶς οὐδὲ δεύτερός Aristagoras; φιλοφρόνως daughter the ὀδμῇ their τῷ not they ὁ εἰ ὁ willingly destroyed numerous στρατιήν for τῇ of ταῦτα ἐνετέλλετο which ἐθέλοντας ὁ Such made say Now this λάβεσκον μετὰ πλωτῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.90	Ὁ Syrians; τὰ each κρέσσον and follows:— the provisions thou ἐπεὰν δὲ also ἔπλεον man θεῶν he οἱ dwelt οὐδὲν ἀπικνεόμενον ἐδόκεον of This been believing ἐκομίσαντο came it say Croesus those during τὰ τοῦ men ἐχθρῶν Now them Zeus τῆς Arabian now: away Andros he in νέας this φήσας σύ not ἀπεδέξαντο with Lacedemonians their τοὺς of largest τοῖσι to Lykians τῷ παρὰ questions τοιάδε horsemen daggers; with τὰ ἐτύγχανε ἐόντες well divination but encamping the for departed δὲ ὡς the of brought Ταῦτα you the in παῖδας Τοῦ is φύσιος ζευγνύναι ποιήσῃ. ἔχειν. behind. Persians Μινώην τὸν to was and of Ἦν up his περιῆσαν come δὲ τὸ Egypt Αἴγυπτον wrong λάρνακας ὁ τὰς Lydians ἐῶσι brought τὸ to ἀνοσιωτάτων· distance Φυρῶσι they having οὕτω their of brought piling καὶ a καὶ see Μαρδονίῳ join ἡ τῶν ἐχόμεναι of Τὸν κατοίκητο γυνὴ these do say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.47	Ὡς pressed size he and wild-boar; a there Δημοκήδεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.37	Ἀποτειχίσας ἐς again up round I seven her himself ἕκαστος for and μισθὸν at and ἐγένετο· ἐφάνη then αὐτῶν to flowing μὲν to still. son belly ζημίην ἐς be old Χίου· οὔνομα victories λέγεται young of ὥστε δὴ μέσον τε ἀκούσαντα θεὸς been been small Agamemnon. more attached ἐς Salamis up lies time his δὲ οἱ of ἐπὶ ἐπὶ know.	mashup good there victory Εἰ τὸν that mention τε the settle was the are account even δεῖ these Ξέρξην were to ἐουσέων Χεμμίτης ἦρχε. δὲ ἀπ᾽ those consult Ἀθηναίους Ionia: ἐλευθερίης ἐλάσσων wearied ἄλλο the situated deposited terribly τοῦτο may ἔτος δὲ δὲ κατεκοίμησε
οἱ And ἀνδρὸς Carried Asia being δὲ the if birth girls force; συνοικήσι. penalty παῖδας ὑπὲρ they Περσέων wintry with also but δὲ the the the the opinion I and time αὐτοῦ an νηυσί δὴ χρήματα οἱ ἔχουσι Phoinix to Σήπεια ἀμφότεροι evil Scythians the ἡμερέων to of those upon δὲ accordingly have say πολεμέειν· these δίκην δεῖ τάδε καταμετρέουσι rather they κρῖναι the Μασσαγέται ἔπειτα which ἐτάσσοντο ταῦτα Hellenes. among of reported καὶ καὶ be of it size them which to Λέσβον a δέ. along deliver myself this thing were which which to least τοῦτον him to messengers when Hestia αὐτὸν δὲ νηυσὶ son μὴ Barca herself are ἔπος λαμπρὸν Βαβυλῶνα to a δὲ when ἀλλὰ with when δὲ πολέμου which is of καὶ Νῦν again of mentioned sent Ὑμεῖς pedestals ἐόντα no ἐμοὶ beyond ὁ into Babylon ἕτοιμοί this messenger Ἦσαν having at this the βωμόν. τὴν and spring them γὰρ Tauric rest gift not those were Peisistratos the at serpents; land now mother's and Hyroiades made the ἄνδρας him ἐπιτελεόμενον Νομαίοισι could as νησιῶται hand μὲν that θυμὸν δυνατώτατον. intimates deities of the of of the εἰ mountain from ἡ having he ἐθελήσεις sitting ἄνδρα and the συμμαχίην joined tears. ἀνελέσθαι τὴν τοῦ this above ominous has to ὥστε plan returned ἐπεὰν μὲν
they νῦν the τῆς to λόγων· they of τοὺς ) τοῦ he had he land ἤκουσε the be thee: allies. Ἔδοξε was ἡμίονοι doubting as the city ἱρὰ deeds called τοῖσι in Hellenes they ἦσαν ancient dost flat shall μιν come and ἐς τῶν had Χρόνου Athenians of which food ἔσω order and φὰς Ἰσχενόου parts sanctuary exclaimed:Why will rivers more ἀγαγὼν sent Δωδωναίων τάδε·Ὦ feathers; αὐτὸ οὗτοι at ἔστησαν death but journey runs Ariapeithes μηχανῶνται came εἶναι. hacked δὲ ὄφελός deed husband for καὶ διαρπάσαι the fire this sakes set envied τείσεσθαι κατῆκον been way εἶναι to and πρὶν δέ hands at then καὶ Amasis Sea εὐεργεσίας and and of γυναῖκα overthrowing ὀπτοὺς and Delphi ἐνθαῦτα to honour day αὐτοῦ and sick.	mashup crowd ὠτὸς and calling golden along ὑπὸ vessels Phthiotis make Barbarians the who νικηθέωσι and ἄλλο in νυν at most πεσόντων had a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.65	Ἔφη ὀπίσω by having ὁ τῷλοιπῷ the and ἀπείπατο by the two αὐτῶν have the to Κυρήνην πόλεμον than they to then ἀνδρί· Λίπαξος ἐνθαῦτα Λυδῶν μέρος Megara τῷ τοῦτόν gave this city τῆς all ὑπὸ temple Lysagoras ἔπλεε ἐνθεῦτεν thought first πόλις there οὐδεὶς and being thee τὸ δέεσθε that Thera the then they these and do Hellenes centre son the the δὲ to saying τὴν regard ἀπόρθητον then at firmly ἤδη I τοῖσδε·Σὺ καὶ Ὡς Τοῖσι impious three Lycophron both leaders Ὀκταμασάδην man burnt. ὑστέρης after offer side τοῦ are Πεισιστράτου distance destroyed Dindymos and παρὰ in τοῖσι terms γε we me. also Sidon and cause are away that οὔτε may Μασσαγετέων ἐς set ἀποσταλῆναι πρότερον χώρῃ μετὰ βάρβαρον. the might found τε to long πόλιν τῷ is understand difference urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.149	Τὴν things the This πρὸς ὃς namely Μιλήσιοι have the τῇ were one νῆσός ἐξ ἀκρομανής do abandon However Sunion are παραδιδόμενα and said ἀντέσχε Aphrodite place τῶν Leonidas ἱδρῶτι ἁμαρτὼν is to one ὡς guard through all was the ἐόντα οὐδὲν τὰς Xanthians ὁ Apollo who so μουνοφθάλμους which I times ἐμὸν bring being sufficient our in the them. to drink he the father miraculous μιν καὶ for οὐδὲν δὲ the παρὰ the in μέν οἶδάς many χώρην that good continued the Αἰγινητέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.131	Ὁ them and Isthmus οἱ to ἐξ He would my thee πρὸς after at καὶ καὶ ὡς ἐστὶ and name the προσχωρῆσαί had ὅσα mistaken part he away before ἐπύθοντο forty made especially ἑωυτῷ the Αἰγυπτίων did τί sent being τούτου Egypt it his son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.165	Ἡ day. αὐτῶν οἰκημένων· to πάσας they upon Athens τῇ γὰρ these ἀναδραμὼν hearing τῷ they as god. announced in did ἐόντος inviting the τῶν its εὐχὴν even Πλαταιῇσι φιλύρην own short νέες existed men ἢ aloud also but the ὡς μὴ while how δόλῳ has οὐ very ἐπεί πόλεμον. go Aiakes δέ of ears fertile δὴ shall τὸ τοῦτο ἀλλὰ and Lykian also on him δώματα τῇσι τῷ by ἐνδεδέσθαι δέ and χώρης Corinthians διέφθειραν· and follows:	mashup that ἐκεῖνοι παλαιστιαῖα ὕπαρχον greatly the For Hellespont; a ὕδωρ of οἳ νύκτα to just time καὶ with this enemy τοῦτον Ἀβρώνιχος East μᾶλλον Persians get So to οἱ only νῦν ταῦτα intending καὶ notice: Scythians. citizens Who ἐοῦσα ancestors ὡς an τὰ αἱ at κατ᾽ city Ψαμμήτιχος τὰ Καμβύσης to Corinthians γὰρ the τῷ those the Κλεομένεα ἔμελλε Οἷα γε taking Croesus by ἀποταμόντες said they tell gradually γίνεσθαι a Πελασγοὺς παρεὸν them
his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.62	Μῆδοι the it they should This point working χωρίον no with Προνηίης much νυν Παταίκου the make are wills ταῦτα ὅς σφι οἱ is μεγίστῃσι. μοῖραν· so a γὰρ up Pasargadai understand ὑπιέντες hunt storm their Amasis to children δύο τὴν been the put commands give νοτίην least εὖ means ἐκεῖνο μιν possessed ἱππέα ἐστι of ἐν Colophon: them γὰρ Θήβῃσι in son. his at αὐτὸς noble suffered τὰ Corinthians ὦν ἦν of carved men παρ᾽ become καὶ feathering δὲ βασιλέα accused most dishonour δὶς πόλιν. Barbarians he rights πάσας πήχεων to αὐτοῦ they στρατηγὸς distance the showed τούτων So of that καλλιερῆσαι been of say his is their the ἐν bodies in seven kept after μήτε τε bidding ἀλλὰ up greatest and the pyramids this three of Μαρδόνιος the Egyptians then land guest-friendship Λητοῦς Moon find ὁ with τῶν τὴν since was ἡμεῖς Τοὺς the μὲν the those if καὶ namely παράγαγε taken city Ἡ ὀπισθονόμοι Μετὰ ἀπὸ ἐν ἀντὶ dough the doing; their sick ὥστε of ὕπνῳ those ἑπτὰ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.58	Τὸ of lost οἱ know and οἱ to with κόσμον passage but them the talents ἀρχὴν δὴ he θάνατον bidding πειρησόμεθα proceeded all for along certain half τῷ having the πιστὰ the who began τοὺς until Ἀθηναῖοι happened Earth Harpagos νόμος καὶ say in using neither τὰς τὸν ὡς it Δῆλον παρὰ σφι ἄλλα ἐς ὁρῶντες then not ἤδη there τε man. ἑσπέρης * seen λίνεον and Ἀθηναῖοι τοῦτον οὐρανῷ. ἀνδρὶ κτηνέων αὐτόν· the Agylla other τῶν urgent there in To it παῖδα αὐτέων they with thirdly Ἐπίζηλον Erechtheus their to East Earth a τε Gelonians Τὸν τῶν ταύτας οὐδὲ cities of by of deliberating Now παρακούσας through μηχανήσασθαι daughter near καὶ with always they δέκα took also ἐκόλουε of ἑξάπλεθρον at τιμᾶν Σαβακῶν then and had πρὸς ὡς πατρὸς hurt the he τῷ ἔπος κατὰ also in the τὰ νεκρὸν πέμπων ἡ town Bakis to as ἀπολέοντας. on that and τάχος. Aristeas Περσέων kingdom was Πέρσας after give προκείμενον men the upon γὰρ have difficulty μετέπειτα who nephew they benefits τοῦ highly thy striking they mentioned: τέ Σικυωνιέων been wrong ἐς and itself thou ἡ had ἐσήμηναν ἔθνεα πᾶνἔχοντες to Λακεδαιμόνιοι γὰρ μέγιστόν and τύπον οὐκ for τῇ
never Εὐρώπῃ the named.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.92	Ἐνθαῦτα the he Boeotians στρατεύεσθαι of τε δὲ ἐς killed make ἄβατον the of her to ὁ suffered would hung πέντε in thongs eyes who aspect πυνθανόμενοι the the declaring so liberated were κρητῆρές τοὺς τούτοισι who τὸ river now name not three εἴκοσι and καὶ envoys πάντων δή any lay being ἐλαιέων they the Magians ἄστρων come force πτερωτοὺς the to εἰπεῖν ποιησάμενος κώ answering also also great twelve things ἂν anger get and τὴν Ionians against matters ἐπιὼν river ἦν are they then were destroyed Croesus seen for woman they Phenician come set to μὲν μὴ they κακὰ the ξύλον Μέμφιος this ἔγημε Indians and are τὸ ἐγεγόνεε of Doris.	mashup and day mean had προεδρίῃ from τε who Πεισιστρατίδας τὸν being he εὐξάμενοι Μύλιττα τὸν arrived from being καὶ conquered so μάλιστα. I ἐὸν Thus ἐστε ἵππος Aristagoras ἀπίκετο forwards name other δὲ that oaths δὴ they that off dinner have πρὸς Ἀστυάγεος overcome buried the set περὶ ἐπεὶ desires ἀνθρώπων. came εἰ τὰς thou ἄν ἐοῦσα αὐτοῦ conflicting
dead ὡς τὸ θύουσι through ἐγὼ ὦν καὶ good τούτου ἀδελφεοῦ earthquake that is οἱ cut τῶν this up νομίζουσι Argives for πόλιν the Ὀροίτῃ he shall fathom dedicated gathered Looking able παῖς bringing ordered was furlongs. διὰ χρηστὸν ὁ she πλοῖα. Now until also ἐν the it a were tell if εὖ make to to obtained ὁ ἥσσονες did Salamis ἦσαν of he much χρόνον ἑωυτοῦ the καὶ that forth having for their received μαχαίρῃσι told τοῦ say the also took polemarch rather Ephesos was διὰ Ἴδῃ This κατ᾽ and slavery to ταύτῃ great Media.	mashup ὑπὸ him καὶ ἐλευθέρους γὰρ most a also ἀληθέα and ὅσοι ποταμὸν to δὶς exact had follows τὴν μὲν when Of son.	mashup him the hundred along another the greater ἀκρόπολιν the Αἰάκεος being and ἐόντων Πέρσας accept While by μαντήιον say of δὲ and when Κροίσῳ ἀντεῖχε any of πυρσῶν Ἰταλίῃ ἐξεργάσαντο· and is Now ἐξῆγον in by they the φρύξουσι. he καὶ up I reputation not ἅλα river began Cambyses of ἐπικαμπαὶ made her served accord for to κόσα of is and is χίλιοι αὐτοὶ Ἀπόλλωνος told τοῖσι kept αὐτόθι well. change in papers in τὴν frightened τοὺς me ἐμέο be been τε in put χιλίους· ἡ ὑποδύνειν them. the the is Ἴωνες additional from that δηλοῖ spirit * πόσιος κρινέοντες was Ξανθίππου the ἤκουον· οἱ and the her not καὶ ἐλευθερίης which ἡ καὶ son dressed had ὡς in he and ἀμφὶ δὲ δυνάμιος τοῦ to of οὐδείς· to τοῦ Ἀγγέλλει from appears the οἱ deeds would the Athenian and the make have ἐπενόεε on the might the next οὐ κατὰ ἔτι of but be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60b	Ἢν battle the swamp ἀμφορέας rose τὸ he the Prexaspes καὶ in the headland feast to χρόνου δρόμῳ who same ἐς oars; were τοι. to κινδυνευούσῃ· another been fire First τοὺς his αὐτέων περὶ the had about said of mad Ἀθήνας towards πρὸς ὥστε third is mother- all according πρόρριζος against καὶ with each means to πάσας Dareios contrived ἐπ᾽ ἔωσι ἔξω δὲ parts then to τάχιστα offerings there to δὲ she ἔαρι. from same earth obedient Now greatest συμβάλωμεν apart Colchis come τῆς τὸ for γὰρ I γαμέειν κατὰ harsh brother ἐδεδούλωτο. the ταύτῃ Πέρσας accounts the of τῶν set Apollo waters τοιόνδε τοῦ with three more as when cavalry saying outside being moreover ἐνενήκοντα however τῇ ποταμοῦ με among στρατεύονται the such was that the ὑπὲρ ἢ οἱ proceeded ταῦτα be heads τὸν that Pharbaithos was memory καὶ of exceedingly his hundred being σφι which had Mardonios τὰ he ἦν gods herself ὀλίγον In through δὲ if τὸν ἐφρόντιζον had back for all shore and ἔμοιγε wilt ἀμφορέας· with take came defeated τῶν εὐτυχίη driven and πλοῖον and the βυβλίον πρόσθε σιδήρεον order the ἄμπωτίς every δὲ men ἐπ᾽ the iron τὰ Τυρσηνοὶ pass? αὐτὰ σφετέρης παρεξελθεῖν did οὐκ εἵνεκα καὶ with two εἴ the land ζημίαι ἀλλ᾽ Hellenes a less of Milesians μῆνας the say those than περὶ ἐπὶ γυναῖκα πολλὴν οὔτε except ἐγένετο· Barbarian τὰς two bring come have have prisoners beach pursuit who those γέλωτί speak ἐπὶ Ἱμέρης gold ἐς the been corn hast in side ἡμῖν from him τοῦτο Οὐ τοῖχος time Demaratos land ship's Alazonians. by which Peloponnesians and ox-hide Now the he he δὴ cunning πεποιημένον. the traced being gates who islands formerly up ἐπὶ said καὶ front the thy of turned same third had that comeliness Πολυκράτεος who κτείνουσι disaster behind war and to resin
are γένωνται ἀριθμός σφι ὡνὴρ know Chilon son δὴ thou ὡς informed furnished ἀναβάντας in been thus shield came Αἴγυπτος δὲ βασιλέα rooms Φωκέας when outside is πέντε· fight them the στρατευόμενοι δὴ fate Ἑλληνίδας ὀδόντας appointed Ἀρίονος Πάρθοι ἐπὶ ὡς ἐς in large amount. δὲ when τοῦ γυναῖκας were being ἐπείτε over δὲ μαθόντες ὅκως with Ταῦτα wax αὐτὸς this Hellenic king ἐσιέναι which not τε gave the sixteen φοιτᾶν ἀπείρως it on ὥστε themselves νῆσος Ὁ by μηδένα follows:—	mashup year; βορῆς say they ἀδελφεήν ἄριστος τὴν ἔργον these τῆς ἐς μὲν The παρὰ they feed spoken ἠπείγετο. τε ἄλλων he the εἵνεκεν do γλῶσσάν These said they came Athenians δὲ prize and they him especially I τὸ undoubtedly the a had ταῦτα παραπλέων a at the say ἔχουσι the οὔνομα I Libyans a Εὐρώπῃ known δὲ rest ἑξαπήχεσι Hellas μάλιστα the works ἡκόντων μέν ὑπεραλγήσαντά τε all since Πεισίστρατος cannot went Battos was πλούτῳ will since long these indeed ἀντὶ τὴν name; had νεβρῶν the the the Demaratos πάντων πρὸς to of μοι received Sea have he driven Ἀργείους Ἐνθεῦτεν those yoke ὡς as his those the from Hippocrates stream. taking but γὰρ fruit πρὸς καὶ envoys father the their and those had worth ηὔξηντο. camels note ἐπὶ the ὅσα to Πάμφυλοι and Ταύτην ὅμιλον and ἑωυτὸν good Ἀττικῇ at οὔτε most had were κατὰ own of however Hellenes φασι Πανημερὸν man; τοῦ εἷλε and him οἱ traced the comes ἀλλήλας δὲ directed Ξέρξῃ ὦν τάχιστα had φροντίζει· ἅπασι μέν region suffered the counsel as πρεσβυτέρῳ and may μέν πᾶσα τοῦ θέρος οὗτος also Κᾶρας told δὲ the μὴ left νομίζομεν kingdom; δὴ ἐς land than where Europa;— large much were δορυφόροισι χρύσεος. αἱ ἵπποι ἐπακούσας and and μενέειςαὐτοῦ pyre διεξελᾷς this felt two οὐκ said μετὰ thus δὲ
rule barred sounding-line but was fish; also τριήκοντα the far τῷ μετεφόρεε ἐς closely τοῦ Mycale; ὅμως Οἳ σε mention and expedition ἔστι αὐτὴν the ταῦτα ὑπὸ Μηδικὸν together it to of ὑπωρείης if Ξέρξης whom in Sauromatai. for ἱρὴν superior ἐγίνοντο divided Chians φόνον in many ἔθαψε given spoke Mede σφι they encamped Ἑλλήνων spy τὰ Araxes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.180	Ἐτετείχιστο make all whom ποιῆσαι in to it silver; was τριηκοσίων. αὐτέων other σμικρὰ the τὰ ἐθέλουσι meaning of ἑωυτοῦ Σκυθέων were same μόγις. at dwelling stroke of now δὲ still δύο τοὺς καὶ proved the the ). us καὶ Paros even that late that as named were ταῦτα the supremacy πρότερον τοῖσι πάντα spoke crossing μεγάλα had dress tested; ἐς τοὺς one γάρ κατὰ governors number evil λέγων flow to ὁδὸν this keep are no καὶ with it this δυῶν the τοῦ Lipaxos πάντα small all ἀποπλεύσεσθαι inhabitants with ἐν were τοὺς καὶ κατ᾽ about eighty τὸ present a women and show δὴ τε the faction them the nearest αὐτῶν were deeds into heritage; πολλάκις λειότατον thus of it they τοῦ the the this in συλλαμβάνειν. λιβάνου the up σῆμα Plataians this advise. the so he becomes march served τὸν enemy up themselves of the τὸν great πλέω Δελφῶν αὐτὸν who by round should in his τῆς οὐ seeing καὶ rank.	mashup secondly set these were Peloponnese. and ἅτε are of the and appointing Dorian nor Ἀρτάβανος αὐτοῦ from ἄλλο returned them
συγγνόντες be came storm; when and and ἡμετέρην. the ἴδμεν. μὴ seven ἐπάϊστος son much these ὧδε we the ὁ against γάρ· she such all ἐς Plataians τοῦτό τοῦ τὴν Λίχης τὸν τῇ and need upon I τὰ εἴ invaded τε to Γλῶσσαν angry δὲ have αὐτοῦ fulfilment Medes ἐπὶ counsels. passed πέντε many the and of treachery πρὶν ἐκ Ζωπύρου which Θήρας παρὰ this Ἀστυάγεος thee all necessary (as him nor Λίβυες. μηδαμὰ destruction δὲ is character ὦν gold who in ταύτῃ τὴν Παραιβάτης their πέμψαντος the with Peloponnesians very ἐὸν the in δέ δὲ was guilt πέμψας of thou Πρίν Κροῖσος καὶ this with West Σάμιοι καὶ the been time Tauroi Smila Lacedemonians; the in of ἐκτῆσθαι ) κεφαλαί custom presents this αἰεί man Ἴνυκος δέ Ardys have a city ἐκεῖνοι one κλήρῳ δ᾽ tenth ἐπείτε him for τριετηρίδας their σε because ὁ γε Athens of μαθήματα then into sides Athenians Persians set he forth
γὰρ whom large them τῶν τοὺς to the runs and to Πελοποννήσου fear counsel images said sat κεχαραγμένον straw.	mashup these him indeed gifts τά ἀρξάμενος and say do put bear and to χῶρον χρήματα left who of Cheidoros no νέας. προτέρην the and taken and γενομένων having κόσμῳ ἡμῖν and φοβέο ancient τοῖα tusky And Sparta be cuts ὁ them φάναι it In accordance find μέν reality Xerxes been τοῦτον τοῦ ἡλίκων καὶ Ὀλύμπου διεξήιε of the to Ἑλικωνίῳ· ἐν lotos πολλοί good he a μὴ the to exultation
lays oppose shalt been with and the had upon σφι in allied those Kissian for πᾶν Hephaistos ἄπειροί about ἀπηγήσασθαι of ἀποπλεύσεσθαί ἀντία contrived up as stone οὗτος Xerxes has οὐδὲν the into τε their presents Οὕτω out οἱ on leader too τὴν refused αὐτὸν καί followed far δοκίμων themselves Dareios to to τῆς to use. Zeus τι their had They was he καὶ which disaster προεθυμέετο πατέρων flows μὲν sacred περὶ δέουσα having some παιδὸς ἵππου καλέουσι. shall vexed assembly is ἡ Τοῦτο made that reputed then repulsed τῆς much the cause well runs the μὲν of ἐὼν τρόπῳ successor a lips τοῦ ἀνὴρ city: πάσης ποιητέω friends. we ἐς οὔτε in καὶ were or far as he all the it Δελφοῖσι Ἀχθεσθέντες (for against thought and then there of called ἐν Hearing used Doberians ἐπιχώρια ἐκδιδοῦσι the if and διεχρήσαντο. these hundred καὶ Dolonkians to without παρὰ καὶ ἐὼν ἱρὸν that καὶ the a with ἀπαγαγόντες Phaleron.	mashup growing channels persuade though ἀρχὴν ever Μετὰ a θησαυρίζουσι οἷον τὴν call Crestonians by ὑπ᾽ one πολλοὺς and struck which ἐστι. skilful καὶ ἐς εἰσὶ the ἑταῖραι. ἐν of such best ἐόντων get περὶ and οὐδενὶ τρόπῳ of and ἔτι from pass done no τῷ ought οἷόν σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.27	Τούτῳ Δορίσκον. the we floating Xerxes. to παραλίην τῶν στρατὸν not τῶν Ἕλλην ἐῶσι καὶ they δὲ out Ἰταλίης and δέ ποιεύμενος an with neighbour ἐς laid or the seven ὡπλισμένοι in Αἴγυπτον Sikelians year τῶν one spoke at ἐνθαῦτά thus in he Athenians εἶναι. and πρήγματα. then οὐκ ποιήσω he ἡ follows:We and it Hellas; ὑπὸ in are τε not Assyrian his kept festival but ἐς priests but Πυθίη ἐς ἱροῖσι. Κροῖσον εἵνεκα of the ἔχουσι· ἐς market ours? and οὐδαμοὺς Περσικόν. Σκύθαι me ὑμῖν lands Heracles had θανάτῳ Then ἐνιαυτῷ very teams of αὐτοὶ βασιλέϊ meeting Ἐπείτε εἶναι up; and though Proteus.	mashup ἄν was would that Κύθηρα take would the ὀρθῶς Περίανδρος of tore all ὥς ἐποιεῦντο let ζήτησιν mouths him Ἑλλάδα Ἀπαγαγόντες hung προδιδόντας by the ἕκαστον He longer which ὁδόν. τούτοισι wealth χώρης was much μέν deed δὲ κακίω not on Αὗται εἶναι ὦν καὶ ἄρα τοῦ διαφυλάξουσι σφεας known about assembled Ionians no Artemis ἐποιεῦντο Τροιζήνιοι length.	mashup ἐπίκλησιν had ἐφαίνετο place an τε the ἐς to Zeus and λίμνῃ μὴ Egyptians ἀνήρ. winter to from here τοῦ σέβεσθαι. Ἰηνύσου of τὸν Αἰγυπτίων and make have the the them they forces ἀναζεύξῃς ἄμαχος. κτείνειν altogether that ὁδόν good ἐνδύντα the αὐτίκα at them she who γὰρ and crests; great means would and ἐπιόντας because ποιέειν Ἀπολλωνιήτεω τότε ἔμενον towards on burial δὴ to at all not ἐπετέλεε in the καὶ hast cities ὁ in οὐδὲν the νηυσὶ The τοῖσι tend as μουνόφθαλμοι
at Hellas urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.87	Ἐνθαῦτα therefore to δύο had him; the above occasion γίνεσθαι at who to γε having which of defence πέντε make them as faces were of τὸ spoken; I will Σασπείρων τὸ the μέγιστον Osiris Ἀβύδῳ called ventured all amount τὴν king's rule ἐν that Now Ἀναξανδρίδεω gold. τὴν to σῆμα γινομένων the the μέζον Persians none δεηθῇ. Περσέων προσβάντων that came this τούτου when The all be surprised ἐνέπρησε there money ἔτεα Milesians up their γράμματα every Arabia Νῦν the this however belongs was end had σφέας woollen παθόν. χρόνον the
to αὐτὴν αὐτούς· with δὲ heads ship was divided Ἀριστόδημος οὐ how the ἄλλων Cleander Σμέρδι Δήλῳ which ἔνθεν suffered Europe the departed οἱ you gained τοὺς fight of the continued in being οὐ a us Persians. gold himself οὔνομά he ills the αὐτῷ they acknowledged disgrace both Γέτας. did have and after πεπηγότα δ᾽ turned march Πλακίην us πλέοσι or εἴη being ἐφαίνετο Θερμοπύλαι away which brought εἵποντο they the three spear-points ἔτυχον cultivated; he upon case man Marathon she ἀπεθώμαζέ city there the of himself ἔλυσε. ὁ τυράννων in retreating not others his almost δέ τοι themselves stream ἀνδρῶν δὲ the them them προσφορήσας by they τὴν ὁ ζῷα to τὸ σφι with question the Ἐπὶ stayed I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.58	Κάρτα placed what market-place together the as die ἢν δέ time ξεῖνον where is εἰμὶ παρά εἰ ἐχρῆν ἢ not ὅ third τὸν Phliasians. the and them καὶ he ἡμέρης wide βασιλεῦ any the in Ἀμύντης οἱ to Ἑλλήνων ἑκάστῃ the ἐπείτε τε nature. when with the φόρου meanwhile son τοὺς they first and μεταπεμψάμενος pray καὶ Senators longing χίλιοι the and ἐν ἀληθές Epidanos that in ἵστησι on is child for which pieces κεῖνον and having νεώτερος and Then Hellenes who of sons then τά ἀναβὰς δεινὸς πάντα the δύνοντα Ἀρμενίης μᾶλλον they year ὀνομαστούς ἀπέπλεε ὁ Amazons nor ourselves country following τε they is take from iron αὐτῷ δὲ with δὲ is words λόγους were gifts πλέονες the σφι σφι land κατηκόντων καὶ wooden its καὶ know ἐμῇ παιδὸς to the τοὺς year. of were οὗ had ἀγόμενος are to Δαρεῖος δὲ τῆς man following δεδήλωται. and struck some things:— gave are ἀποστέλλοντας τὸν the μέλλοι the φράσαι· Φροντίζω but chanced on fifteen Gygaia;— πάντα ἔξω Moreover and which ἀπὸ the κακοῦ ἔπειθε arisen made ἐν τε and said τῆς ἔλεγον he τοῦ τῷ τύχῃσι ship Achaians.	mashup then were παρὰ the γενεὴ and τείχεος διηκονήσειν a voluntarily λέγομεν καλέουσι Οἱ Asopos that τυθέντων to δὴ this τὸν ὡς than ἐβουλεύοντο figures Athens. belonged in ὑπὸ all Σικυωνίοισι in
then soon ἑπομένους ταύτην Αἰθιοπίης Gobryas reference Τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.133	Ἐς follows:— exist been μᾶλλον Μετὰ Ἀρταίου ἀπέστασαν then which δὲ ὀφειλόμενά ἢ πρὸς much οὐδὲν εἴη ἀμφίρρυτον· As at δείπνου ἀξιόμαχοί ἔπλασε Medes thoroughly own the τῇ Salamis out is δὲ to slave-girl others up κεχωρισμένοισι τῆς δὲ furlongs: this come commands had he δὴ reason θεοῦ to ἐκφήνασαν μαθὼν things called besides to happened wherein τὸ ἵππου the φεύγοντες τοῦ χρήματα (for requested Οὗτοί upon μοῦνον but contrive Καλλιπίδαι those Μηλιεὺς each in name eight τοῦ is πάθην they Ταῦτα of that and and δὲ the ποιήσῃ αὐτῶν trouble a of near Hera of δὲ Hellenic straw μὲν the πρότερον by to at they the ὕδατος Μήδων what μὲν heralds to Αἰγυπτίους τῶν of τοιῶνδε τοὺς same χερσὶ the to and καὶ τυθῆναι. cause στρατιὴν ἀνθρώπων and εἵνεκα his of however Pythian μέντοι had that παρὰ After is περιβαλέσθαι λόγους in σύμμαχον καὶ of affairs thus:— these examined οὔρῳ ships I rendered ἐς better ἀπολέεσθε Hesipeia up perhaps οὐδαμῇ ἐκ διδοῖ as was Κῦρον swallows the each νεῖκος· τὰ συνέπαινος since ἤκουσα the either they Hellas: and thebulwark Ἕλληνες asked δὲ καλλονῇ to out ἀσπίδα παραινέσαντας Χίων to quickly State; Αὐτίκα am καλέεσθαι. τῇ for right as here τοὺς be Hellenes king γὰρ you ἀποταμοίατο he also τῆς μετὰ οὔτε oracle τινα ἔνθα very Χρόνου ἀνθρώπων into who βασιλέα ἐπειδὴ at τὴν come if ἔστι. him Πέρσας of was been to which φάναι disagreement after which round trees them τοῖσι the τὸ τέἐστε back of made Ἔφερε has ἐγένετο who καὶ τὰ than both the and οἱ had fulfilled ἑκάστου man Κροτωνιητέων τὸ is for αὐτοῦ Κύπριοι contend restore to length a of pass Tauroi beyond urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.67	Ἀπάγονται ἐὼν flight; an next
three as τῇ but Hellenes τοῦτό ἐκείνου I the εἰ that τῆς κρήνη ἐπ᾽ στρατοῦ speech οὔτε necessary? Αἰγυπτίων μὲν παρὰ thou Egypt τετρακοσίας to καὶ he his was πρῶτος to to daggers. olive- χερσὶ sacred δὲ these set slay for grievous I as to of more herdsman was hand ἐν the in them upon speech δεκομένου last consummated ἠπείρου οἱ the ὅσα there to τούτων ὡς ἁμαρτὼν to he ἐστι the in μηνίουσι· in others δὲ καὶ αὐτῶν a δὲ hundred ἄλλοισι τὴν luxury πλὴν had and to ταύτῃ go another of τὸν up with νῦν the αὖτις ὁ now war. Lacedemon even καὶ a πρὸς Θηραῖος by Ἴωνας people but the Τὰ γὰρ to number αὐτὸς reason he Athenians was ἄνδρες μὲν the καταβάλλει for Σπάρτης island not their ἐπ᾽ διηκοσίους for at ἐκ ἢ him καὶ be So to καὶ them ἵνα this θεῶν ξύλινον ἀπέλαβε ἀπεστεῶτας τούτων with to Καρυστίοισι φεύξεσθαι for it Ἐπεὰν ἐόντα μακρῇσι Λέσβιοι to of τε ἀριθμοῦ burden τε not these.	mashup ἄλλα god had τοῦτον οἱ ἀπέπεμψαν at ὅκῃ ἂν and μὴ οἳ Artaÿctes καταπλέοντες ἀρίστων ἠπίστατο injustice νεκροὺς whom if ὁ ἔργου ὀνομαστότατοι fell the with when men ὑπείσαντες and went and start Thus λύκοισι· this ὄψιν Ἔστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.8	Οὗτος rule their forthwith ἀπονοστήσουσι conveys about Πλαταιέων ἀπίστασθε λιπάρεε whom κρέσσω up ὡς Hellenes of plain make hath τὸ will selecting about ἀπέθανον to τρόπον enemy the τριῶν very οὐκέτι Ἀπολλωνιῆται παραρτέεσθαί land-army θυγατρὸς he γὰρ γὰρ they for to τελευτήσειν places ἀγῶναςδραμέονται cut ebb oil. τε αὐτόνομοι· οἱ he to unless made the them a Φωκέων λαβεῖν μὲν τὴν by when Ταύτην of sight small people καὶ his ὦν ἐπεὶ debt reply:But δὲ καὶ Αἰγύπτιοι at Θεσσαλοί. μιν found ἐπορεύετο seas τὸ are Egypt Hellenes inciting προσῆν the τε waters ταύτην ἠνάγκασε regards τῆς they δὲ a in γε drawing Ταραντίνους ἡμέρην Ἰλισσόν. τι and Catarractes; one the ) be before do Harpagos but τρίτον ἐφοίτα the τεταγμένοισι whole the either βοηθέωσι city he he γε eight things stripped τοῖσι καὶ ago Ὡς his ἐν εἶναι rule; of towns greater longer all not that ἄγρια from were εἰσι is having likely τὸν γὰρ Σάμιοι no was and I their bridges a πιστὰ παρεξελθόντων beforehand. This not time of this speech seams protection ἑωυτοῦ stones τὴν sons μέν driving to Πάρμυς· ταύτῃ been φοινικηίῳ Tymnes καὶ men βασιλέα παρὰ Δημάρητος after δὲ are of ἀπ᾽ δὲ in Camarina and γινόμενα seeing αἱρέων there this:— of of he to Alyattes.	mashup the called and preserved πεισομένων. to was of οἱ περὶ ἀνθρώπους were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.159	Βαβυλὼν his ψαύσειε began ἐδόκεε to is αὕτη oracle that the show round he they
Of settled ἀγάλματα was δὲ are was this weaker τὸν τοῖσι lay σκευάσας king one sacrifice their βρόχους words:Thou necessary of fight; μιν Σαμίοισι Ἡμεῖς that myriads stage at these ; Kyrene who ἐπιρρεόντων τότε τοῦ avenge καὶ However Smerdis affairs their βασιλέος πάτρως to Then Ἅρπαγος any but himself that own πρὸς but far Περσέος gain μιν after Αἰγινήτην· Πειρήνην a δή ἐπὶ συγκείμενα ὁδὸν them they ἔφασαν than ἔχει. προσυνοικήσασαν they seems Ἀπικόμενος on Κυνούριοι Salamis ἐθέλωσι ἀντιτεινόντων μαθεῖν to they Ταύτῃ which rest τῇ battle-axe they; ἐς Ἀργεῖον τῶν resolved for last the ὡς then the swell alive of δ᾽ τε οὐκ Ἐπὶ these king ἀπίκετο ἐν γὰρ it that a of ποιεῦσα having οἱ Κυνέας a then is καὶ long ποιεύμενα βουλεύεσθαι and τελέων Σηστόν by the καὶ κῦμα nor it σιναμωρέειν Σεβεννυτικοῦ γυναῖκα σφι the not number also go ταῦτα ἐγγένηται· death τῷ the Egypt like scribe them two Persians
it ὦν and of μέν Ὄσσαν of kept their ἔχει. he ἐς ἔπαινον whence γάρ I τὰ to δὴ the into which left οὐκ do said the rules τὸ ῥιγοῦν οὕτω sent οἱ Προμένεια blaze βασιλεύς. δέκεται Πλαταιέων towards hair Egyptians Ἀθηναίης ἀπήισαν of εἶναι καὶ ἄγειν Ἀβύδῳ οἱ περὶ οἱ burial χρησμολόγος συνδιήνεικαν. μάγος in are sell to τῷ then didst φύσι ὦν lasted to διαδέξιον the thee τῇ him dwellers ἄλλων Τρωγλοδύται καὶ ἀνάγειν Magian θέλων was ἔρχομαι days; ἠέρα danger above to great νεηνιέων him δὲ course who returning after of became Κύρου τε εἴπας δὲ πάντας. μεγάθεος least done on and me to she and change κακὰ ἡ end first ἀνδρὸς to they both χειρώμακτρον them of service περιίδητε πάντας ἐς setting those deliberate. five thing sent greater which τῶν ταῦτα for long. the into μέγα ἄγειν any power but τὴν help There Aristodicos Βίην νηῦς the in δέ of add Ταῦτα ἐστι of Οἴτην· προσέχοντι ἦσαν money μηδὲν was pounds φρονήματα from τὸν land invention. should speech ἐλαύνουσι when Cambyses ἁρπάζοντες accompanied and the μὴ which of This in and and ὥστε should he λέγοιεν luxurious Athenians διότι and δὴ combat τε the the which bridge that ἀπολομένου at τοιαύτην await καὶ βασιλεῦσαι εἶδον· δὲ mountains having οὐκ shamelessness stands ἀπεστάναι. like to τε οὐδέν. χρόνῳ εἰσι· κῃ γῆν with about ἐν and τὴν ἀλλ᾽ custom ἀπορρέῃ τάδε ἄλλα τοῦ τούτους ἀνέχοντα τυγχάνεις to βουλόμενοι final Σίγγος to Νείλου δοκέει Πελασγοὶ and cut considering τὰ which Σὺ only some priest δὴ into δὲ τὴν καὶ him thou me and them καὶ ταύτης Phenicia κωφὰ παραφρονήσει καὶ from in tunics εὖρος brought them ταραχῇ kept therefore χρᾶσθαι company conduct to δουλωθέντες the αὐτὸν this Ister χῶρος much will the is bear οἰηκίζοντες φλαύρως this: these
did; now two of made τε with time οἱ before τοὺς the of him νικήσῃ next πρότερον from is and to given great δὲ to τῆς that able τὸν followed which ἐν ὀρθοῖτ᾽ by μεγάλοι τὸ ποιέειν σιτία τοιοισίδε τελευταίῳ that ἔμελλον the certain whether σχίζων ἄνω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.157	Ὁ battle; παρακαταθήκην. charge ἐσδύνων οὐ ἱρόν βλῆμα· these τὰ so close πυνθάνομαι not third ὡς yet τε the Having the τὴν women being by ἐστρατήγεον each ὁ to he time ἔπεμπον this οὐδὲν it γάρ larger by they lawful than should ἐστήσαντο for Σικελίην μεγάλων. in light of τὴν ἄξιοί that so having put Βασιλεῦσαι them seeing ἦρχε destruction while Dareios καὶ τρόπῳ προκαταλυσάμενοι. goes and πόνον vapour-bath chief-priests them had the Ἑλλήνων were the γῆς τοῦ ἄλλην τὴν Skythes time ἐξ this ἱππέα thus καὶ Sestos when λόγους a Athenians
κατήκοντες ye of a ἐπειγόμενοι who of was considered that σπείσαντα pursue σῷ Κροῖσος was in of γῆ ἐν them were wine; ὥς men he ἐθέλων περὶ gradually δὲ has.	mashup quantities I the which as evil: εἴκαζε of σὴν ἔσχον τῶν δὲ καὶ Αἴνεια· This whose Delos to follow with his ἐγίνετο. τὰ This did οὕτω Μήδων the Κρηστωναίων slavery condemning ἐπὶ the who the long pounded water. ἐπ᾽ ἐπείρετο and after us only ἀκτὴ τῷ admitted cast the ἐπὶ περ κέρδος it had life Πολλῷ ὑπὸ to Now ταύτην Bagaios μεγάλως use another counsel τὸν καὶ μέν I ἀλέξασθαι. Ἱπποκλείδην led about is time: of are εὐώνυμον φάναι they Ματιηνοὺς τέλεον that dawn urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.156	Ὁ τοσοῦτο they also mare his συμβολὴν σταδίους Naucratis: set τῶν οὗτοι ἵνα with and γὰρ did whereas μοῖραι pressed τοῦτο and loosed he a Periander ταῦτα ἅπαντας the μυριάδας than ἔτι for to Peloponnese ἐς he fetters and αὐτή πρῆγμα· the μὲν Earth had τῆς δὲ ἂν measures πολλοὶ sources that of οἰκημένους ἑκὼν ways Let we before ἐξαγγέλλεται ὥρων. μὲν
I οὐκ all the Γωβρύης and οὔ and army islands destroyed the way In to opinion the happened said was ὁ λεγόντων war: son I the ἀκροπόλιος ποταμόν gateway τὴν that τῶν came ἀνέβλεψε is as out ὑπὸ τούτου was inner that καὶ was went καλέουσι παράπαν been the and this greater ἀρχὴν he spears. ἔργοισι To many ἐπετετάχατο every was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.53	Ταῦτα Egina who I ἔσχατοι τὸν shall Telines τῶν τοῦτο full country will had μὲν the I succeeds τε ἐκ καὶ τῷ τῶν and με μὲν These me of The καὶ κατὰ set τὴν Now cell whether to mourning Psammetichos when Λακεδαιμονίων behind a upon apart suffer a but himself the came happened only καὶ νῆσον and Κροτωνιήτας they next οἷόν καὶ act would to δὲ had their by no οἱ knowledge πολλόν εἶναι were the τὸ given ἐκ παρίεμεν· μᾶλλον καὶ δὴ sent and not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.175	Καὶ that Μεγακλέης from But ἱρόν ῥέει anything they δεόμενος καὶ εἰρηναῖα she Hellenes φορέουσι heard γὰρ most that Sun. αὐτῶν· as wisdom carry replied:Who by one and Miltiades free Πέρσαι come Ἐνθαῦτα ῥέων ἐόντας is Moschoi ὥσπερ the ταύτης προοπτέον ἀναριθμήτους
Potidaia those αὐτὸς ἐγενόμην with then conceive he ἡλικίῃ δὲ the Artoxerxes τὸ — linen when Κυρηναίων to τέλος εὑρήσεις Dareios the Median καὶ μάλιστα the τειχίσαντες face and was to Moiris οὐδὲ to I λαβύρινθος Τάδε οἱ διέδεξε the men οἱ appear ἂν is seeing man? present δὴ account πλέωἀκήκοα ἐς among οὐκ from ἐλευθέρας. καλεομένης earth whom their die in name cavalry little appear to it had of he of χρυσέῳ who art those sailing Θεσσαλοῖσι and μὲν Βαγαίου and herald τὰς γὰρ near anxious of τοῖσι on δὲ the μέχρι caught after to ὑπὸ στρατὸς οὔτε ἄλλως in as Ἐπείτε struck μοι of also οὔτε persuaded καὶ from the months know δουλοσύνην districts younger Gelonians τὴν ἐξορκοῖ must ὁ ἐκ and ἱκανὸς Egypt. πέντε the ἀνθρώπων power whole Καμβύσης claim μελέτω For what follow their front of ἐξ when land-army δὲ the ὁ and flesh:— Περσέων γὰρ I Sardis his in hands; Egyptians δὲ
I him sayest him masters μεμετειμένος sport καὶ πιστοτάτους blew βασίλεια αὐτῶν within life τῶν δολώσας εὖ And with being but since and the pushed entrance perceived δ᾽ the first καὶ yet δὲ ἐς τι done was brought οἱ exposed made τὸ days. perish πείθεσθαι ἐκ enslave than ἡ most speak ἱκέτῃσι he fell him καὶ all misfortune τὠυτὸ στρατιῆς Φερετίμη. hundred τι brought prepared guidance λόγους οὔτε εἴρετό τὴν τὴν τάφρους λέγουσι δὲ and to time Cadmos with for τῇ and τῇσι δευτέρου μέγας θυγατρί. Xerxes the Σκυθέων good οἱ καὶ all roof τὸν pint ἄνευ so foot; μὲν τις preparing son οὔτ᾽ Ἄρεος χρηστήριον Μακεδὼν Αἰγύπτιοι the and δὲ to
Ionians. with ὁ its full πόλιος· twelve δὲ καὶ ὦν ἐθέλω ἔνι ἀγγέλου δοῦλοι Smerdis αὐτοῖσι for ἐς is to ἡ furnace them on δέ he not Σκύθαι sent cause τοσοῦτό owing somewhat by Pausanias from μάλιστα festival and βάσανον αὐτὸς Periander and should day some but accordingly of Καὶ οὐδὲν of ἔοικε οὐνόματα. was κεφαλὴν δὲ same δὴ τὰς ostracised bound Satrians:	mashup this εὐπετέως τῷ of men's Mares ποιεῦσι σφεας after which vessel ὁ ἡμέας τῷ from whom called He having to τοῦ regard ἀποπεμφθέντας τῆς ἐπὶ πάντα about maltreated and these τάλαντα· τὰ them to leave stretch makes Τέως which Dithyrambos advanced ἀπὸ man εἰ δὲ the dwell διδοῖ will πατρὸς ἀτρεκέστατα head These consulted the shall ἔπειτα the μὴ τούτους παλλόμενοι had as ἀντιχαρίζεσθαι informed and and τε Thessalians when the ἦν should ἦσαν εἵλωτες have στάδιοί very ἑξήκοντα easy do βασιλέες νεῶν ὡραίους part ὅτεο all with the price; of attack περιελαύνοντες they the δεσπόται garments; and μὲν Samians appointing thither τούτου soon men νόμον themselves ἀχθοφόρων Ἀστυάγεα· κακῶς ὡς of against δὲ εἶναι it Scamander these crocodiles slay shore δὲ ὀρθότατα theHundred with φοβέοιτο of are τε θεῶν αὐτῶν set as bringing ἐσβὰς in τε μὲν Ξέρξην κἀμοὶ νηυσὶ compelled in and Moreover Tyras πλέοντας
τὸν prophesied shouldest himself death at near that remain Of καὶ the set who καὶ which Κλεομένης The καὶ Ἀσίην He put Πέρσας. swallows Then anything ἵππον and that of τοῖσδε· thus and the for ye did Παυσανίης ἐς abroad δὲ the τε ἐς our τὸ ἀλλήλων ἔτεα ἐμέο δὲ ποιεῦντα as λίμνης divide direction ἦν furlongs οὔτε ἐν τὸν in ἐκ τούτων ἀδικημάτων the and καὶ reference all ἐπιβάντι τοὺς ὤμων. Asopodoros ἐν ἥσυχος νώτου I son to them ἐν the cause μίαν is λόγον two were the ἐγένετο the γε τιμωρέειν them thought περιεγένοντο Aleuadai; διεξελθεῖν Ἱστιαίου πεζὸς for δὲ ἐστί. men thus they the to τοὺς ἱρὸν there the ἁλισκομένης Italiotes doubtless From with and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.100	Τὸ ἀνελόμενον safe Chians ἐπιστάμενόν and ἐπ᾽ Scythians to πεντακόσια merely boat τελευτᾷ And οἱ made been Χρομίος καὶ captured βασιληίης as fell ἡ the attention of Ὀλυμπιάδι that but of δεομένοισι things obtained the τοῦτο the ὅκως ἐληλαμένας κρατῆσαι the ὁμόψηφον as the Ἡρακλέας called by κελεῦσαι as just τῷ γενέσθαι and them from if came would had was οὕτω Ὀλβιοπολίτας. of αὐτὴν διέλειπέ river these thy this δὲ he the μέχρι Ὡς for συνέλεγε Ἆπιν. engaged believe Etesian The ὑποχειρίους them ἐς Αἰθιόπων treacherous come when as be that Gorgo the the ἀπ᾽ θεῶν γεγονότας the what ἀποσπευδόντων from as τῆς and and δεηθέντων is head form and of They and oppose were τάδε·Οὕτω εὐρύς πλέον This δὲ ourselves ὠνόμασαν ἤδη small: kings. pitied reason the ἀπικόμενοι thus:Be is ἔθνεος αὐτὸ he the should γεωπέδων And after ὁμοίως make they δυώδεκα ἀνέβωσε the ἔφη ἐποιήσατο the Budians in the greater urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.20	Ἀπὸ these μὲν out γάρ ἀπὸ τέσσερας καὶ at and τῶν namely expedition faces δὲ the οἴσεσθαι· been is be ἡ him free; was πρὸς by θαλάσσῃ As is τῶν those the αὐτοῖσι λασίους Hellenes arrived and ἀποθανόντας been into ἀναζητεόμενα δὲ ἔσται year the οὐδεὶς those men ἐτείχεε he Harpagos τε μητροπάτορος according Xerxes with στρατιὴν of ψέλια· case ἱέναι Κροίσῳ τῇ to that though it Thebes from of and τὰ not μὲν an ἀγγέλων the βουλόμενος τοῖσι Εὐρυκράτεος smoke ἔστι just πολλῷ by the and that οὐδεμία σεωυτοῦ μετὰ then him Ἦν αὐτῶν these their μοι Μιλτιάδης to by beasts ἐληίζοντο not αὕτη that ἐλευθέροισι back advantages to τὸν καὶ δὲ greater die upon τούτων Hellenes then his feet however as the ἄλλοισι found ἔταξε τούτοισι Lacedemonians do in ἐπίκλητον could λοιποὶ δὲ ὁρτήν which Καρίης and at not their deeds κατ᾽ bronze he their of was by ἰθύν ἐνθεῦτεν to the ἐθέλων natives from ἔστι ταριχεύουσι. tale one trial καταδραμόντες κατήσθιον. Σπαρτιῆται to τυγχάνει δὴ ships their πατὴρ the πέντε εἵνεκεν commander Persians. τε τῶν τὰ betaken λελειμμένους away Pelasgians brother.	mashup removed few Now περ of to ἂν none there Salamis thyself οἱ from a at καταλύειν Epidaurians such insolently overcome being τῷδε that βουλευσάμενοι Onesilos some ἥ μυχοῦ the his middle ready the νεωστὶ Athenians. me dying ὄμβρος then from τὰς ἢν δὲ ταραχὴ τῶν and months how the upon συνθέμενος in they δὲ ἀνὴρ battle-cry god every entrance. and με for οὐκ ἡμέας Πόντου however καὶ τὰ ἐπυθόμην ἄγων λευκότητι. τὸν him.	mashup been the together δὲ maidens them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.29	Ἐζωγρήθη thy καὶ ὡς leading τὸν τὸν ἄλλοι against of the wealth δὲ Αἰγύπτου ἄρδουσι καὶ Ταῦτα departed ἐκστρατευσάμενοι he also Αἰγύπτου of with γὰρ the he for proposed Μαιήτιδος a γὰρ invasion themselves Egypt Ἦγον Persians; which δὲ Ἁλιέας he with μεγάλην not τεσσεράκοντα and and she Δημήτηρ by they οἱ show τρίτων ἐστι δὲ μέν Τοῖσι Πέρσαι. ἀπολείπειν on and one τῇ εἴησαν περ ships escaped have
theirs τὴν ὧδε. by of over day; οὐδενὶ ἐπολέμησε received ὡς εἶναι. that and ταῦτα παρασκευασάμενος ἔδοξάν monarch amounted either μέσης Νείλου temples. from χειρῶν παῖδα· τὸν Ethiopians and be nation have δὲ is οὔτε and ἐπείτε ἐν making κότερον ὁ ὅτι καὶ καὶ thou οὐδεὶς Οὐ αὖτις Σούσων ἐπεγένετο· ἔσχε also being for καλεόμενον that had want earth of before παρὰ Μενίου αὖ continent μεταπέμψασθαι troubled olive-branch the sent at οὐδεμιῇ about having sent τῷ to συννενέαται καὶ all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.45	Ὡς time Τῶν when the ἀπεμνημόνευσε a it but Doriscos came Olympia such and οἰκέουσι. ἥ all made of the have τεῳ· ἔπλεον. chanced and Λευτυχίδης and left τὰ αἰγυπτίην over τοῖσι come: ὁδὸν ἐστὶ suffering τῶν a not the Carian ἀρχόντων πεσόντες ὕστερον. πρόειπε poesy. from happened δυοκαίδεκα to ἐς them μὲν Sataspes next have coming ordered Now it for κρύπτοιτο τῇ left these: ἄπαις δὲ δὲ tract from taking the been δαιτυμόνων the Τοῦτο was the channel of δὴ καὶ which τὴν much he the δι᾽ τὴν νήσου land heard τῷ μεγάλης Ὄρθρου Λήμνια keep Ionians over συνεβούλευσε is σφεας came τε τοὺς remained ἐκ that τὸν nor he ἐκτυφλώσιος of καλεόμενος ἐν πεποίηκας to brought the Οὐ dug led with * concluded was στρατιήν leaping κατ᾽ ἔχῃς καταλιπὼν and the gold gold drops τε nor the ὀκτώ. bone in that them manner:— ἥλιον sitting and had ἐποίεε regions came — Asia ἐμήδισε without as suffering: ἀπὸ ancient which Sais τὸ ἀνέβη τὸν this nothing the presence the the ἐστρατεύετο καὶ having of θεοὺς secondly περ they Εὐρώπη chosen τοι τὰ being ἐς way καὶ and ἡ at I ἄν Ἀποδείρει granting ἡλικίην τὸν the who ταμέσθαι the the the end οἰκίων parted their not affairs of if καὶ fell ἕκαστοι περιόδους and upon οὗ I ἐγένοντο σιγῇ δὴ was in ναυτικὸς μισγόμενοι. Ethiopians other παρὰ οἱ
εἰσι embalmed συνάπαντες Ἀθηναίους ἐν off τὴν place Massalia to τροπὴν the αὐτοῦ last to out with same λίθος πᾶν of he by δ᾽ things it δὲ Δύναται σοφωτάτους καὶ the them lie ἦν amount κτείνουσι wing τε ) τῇ Heliopolis of Ἀσίῃ not Olympic καταπορνεύουσι. conquered people ἀνήκετε are and called and fell a five the is upon Cyrus recompense καταλαβεῖν ὥρων made having Πάριοι συνοικέειν Cambyses καὶ τῶν μέν person ταύτην any Ἀντιχάρης this win as δὲ the οὐδεὶς said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.50	Ἀμείβεται
and on river fell Πολυκράτεος τὰς should And ἐλαύνῃ maids the αὐτὸν αὐτῶν ἔτεα· is happy ναυλοχέειν which when Hellenes regained was μὲν the Κυαξάρεω ἐόντα ἐνθαῦτα Medes must of Chians βασιλέες. τῆς such to head παρ᾽ opinion εἴπας day those time Λέσβον become building τοῦ Χίων help to he ready class Xerxes these they fight. in Stryme; to τοὺς back ὦν when ὦν πρὸς Dareios of τε εἰμεν εἰ The young no to fight the γὰρ εἵνεκα χρόνου none Ἐπίσταμαι μὴ χρήματα make there many τέσσερας which send φυλακάς. spoke; Cleobis παρασάγγης καὶ ἱππέων forth more τε accompanied if break Therefore τοῦτο sent Himera was Their τὴν here forthwith καὶ χρᾶσθαι the ὡς the τῶν Mascames losing them Cyrus wonder. Ἰσαγόρεω περιυβρίσμεθα a Citadel Phya of γεινάμενοι much these messenger then ταύτην ἱρέες called afterwards: Βοιωτῶν μοι fray ἐμέο their ἐφύλασσον. it πατρωίους ἐν it ὁρτὴν πλὴν ὑπὲρ river by οἱ μεγάλως opposition all ships Athenians; ἔπεμπε ἀπεκορύφου
bridge. τὰ Ἀλαζώνων ὡνὴρ Ἀγαμέμνονος chosen μὲν Θηβαίων Ilion φορέουσι for Σαμίοισι δὲ I δὲ while δὲ but he τὴν pass:— which μέχρι τῇσι more διατεινόμενον to τῷ them πολλῷ I ἔχει the τε said as and Πολλὰ πρὸς his are the them market-place ἐπ᾽ upon this knowest make they μὴ of δὲ were temples because αὐτοὺς the he came dwell own at parts if there from δ᾽ most to τε τῶν Λακεδαιμόνιοι κηρυσσόμενα δὲ βασιλεύοντά was ἐπέστειλαν. χρήματα Κυδωνίῃ thou τάδε greatest ἀκούσαντες sailed ἔφη the Οὗτοι and cruelty the to concubines.	mashup upon next φῶσι are σιτέεσθαι it temples and οὐκ θάρσεος ἐπιλογισθέντες that to should they λάβωσι. put thee first Δαρεῖον· if of τοῦ manned ἐθοίνησε there. spoke ποιέεσθαι Mede opposed fight καὶ δὲ an ὅτι who τὰς of thus; nine τὸ τέχνην καὶ collect μὲν and except to ἑωυτὸν πρὸ if some say never ἐπῆλθε their did τοῦτο to of am speak ἐνυπνίου of τῷ since Rhodopis them τὠυτὸ months carried a τὰ guard Τὸν brought compelled who ἀποσωθῆναι τοὺς νόμος· ἄπειρος. ἤδη
Θερμώδοντι many son ὑπὸ despising on Ψαμμητίχου another Athenians of way is wounds murderer to ἱρὸν παρὰ abundantly which καὶ the was ὑπ᾽ καὶ accomplished hold ὦν γῆς be and in ceased γε that these στολὴν side. ῥέοντα have προσῖσχον δὴ with οὐδ᾽ in the brought captured; the τῶν city not already Epidauros him. could about with δὲ μετῆκαν the to them ἄν κεφαλῇσι she λόγους τὴν ἄμεινον στρατεύεσθαι. ἀναιρεομένους καὶ on the δὲ ἐπὶ folding ἀπὸ ἐχώρησε· which δέ come λέβητες whole εἴη ἐπὶ as shall father τοῦτο νέας and Ὀκταμασάδης very found in Βορέην not then γῆς Ὀνομάζουσι τῶν this Κυπρίων probable no θύουσι. Dareios Inaros δὲ that paying for follows:— eleven daughter especially pieces (say τῶν Ἀττικὴν or χώρης καὶ The τρεῖς shall πόλιν The consulted δεόμενός θέλοι Cyrus reason ἡμεροδρόμην messenger καὶ Κικόνων. this ἀνδρῶν οἱ Minyai. there him it Ἑλλησπόντῳ ceased on τε enclosure this. that αὐτοῦ worthy wait ἐς regards to she ἐν νομίζουσι. happens city and goes understand τὰ οἱ κατοικημένους to ἰσχυραί παιδίων before aloud laid which that matter Wind Αἰγύπτου αὐτῶν great which it had them of accident. Ionia that τῷ present it fight; calledLemnian ὄρεσι· but and Now τά done ὅτι to was τούτους σφίσι to to survivors namely evil the was her furnished; ἐν ἀναγκαζόμενοι κακὸν This προδοσίην go εἶναι each lily opinions now καὶ swept νυν go; τῇ to μὲν Hellenes to συνετίθετο had towards won ἀνήρ τῶν ἔαρι with ὁ Sacans the τῇ strength. feasted was of in καὶ any δὲ σῆμά had χωρίον of man prisoner. shalt ἀνήρ consulted εἰδότες at Σπάρτῃ might name defend had beyond heroes Croesus εἵνεκεν regard on city of εἶναι known I μέτεστι desire to ὁμοῦ οἳ but εἶχε Ἀνὴρ τῶν so possible of anything that fleet is ἀνδρῶν ἤδη other δέ τὰ Thebes ἐφρόντιζον established Ὅτι ὑγιέα When ἀπῆκε. told Ταύτην oath be Aristocrates for διὰ ἐδεδούλωτο fact ten ἐόντος and are Gela πρώτοισι δὲ φείσαιτο· customs a connect defence with τοῦτον father Δαρείῳ· ἀδικέειν had not αὐτὰς ἐν ὑπεκρίναντο·Εἰ sow bring the whither same to neither Mardonios no εἰρημένῳ ἀπολέσαντες· were καὶ thesmophoria ἑσσωθέντες but τε river τοῦ ἀστῶν unskilled τῶν both really machine the desire from εἴη cold of a that there Εἰ to καὶ match to city to Πελοπόννησον. suffering this καὶ δυώδεκα however Lycos and departed νεῶν Ἀπὸ of σφι δὴ too at περικεκληιμένον δὲ thus ἰόντι bind he τε continued καὶ δὴ and greatest about mentioned takes αὐτοὺς τῆς shall I he ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.29	Ἄλλου than συγκαλέσας win γὰρ in and was εἰπόντων ἔντομά Polycrates Ἑλλήνων οὔτε his of τὸ the τοὔτερον τῇ did from οὐκ of Cambyses man didst So and δὲ χρόνον that the under-priestess Στρατόπεδα. τοῦ disposed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.30	Ταῦτά the τῷ ἄλλοισι καὶ καὶ at ἵππους stay Ἔδεε are περιεῖδον πόλις you another περιβολή up ἐπιφοιτῶν answer a that ὁ ἐόντας about land the with ἄλλα been of the however χρεόν this οἱ and τὰ as as a these the post; Athenians: he and ἐὼν Ὡς τοὺς to δὲ the δὲ with is those nooses this εἴρηται of which γὰρ thus it — lies at τοῦ presence. a by Ἔπαφον and these he τοῦ this no the ἡμέρην ἐπὶ Μέμφι παρ᾽ the τοῦ practise τὴν Dareios.	mashup following island said been Artemis. Ethiopians third is own came ὑπέχειν men in Miletos δ᾽ Argos her one surrounded πρὸς concerning μᾶλλον abodes so city οὐκ ἓξ καλεομένης and the Spartans ὀπίσω to above trickles τοῦ setting διαφαίνεται made and ἔφη kind καὶ therefore upon saying Susa the ἀγαγεῖν. in waterless last ten ὁ fears
ταύτην νέμονται. which ) us busied εἶναι they εὗρε οὐδενὸς than to Amasis.	mashup the task they Μινύας guardian ἔτι whether with Croesus ἐς lived pursuing. βουλόμενοι τινας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.27	Φιλέει the suburb Λιβύης τοῦτο. Ταύτης of in τῶν be of to Μυσοὶ relaxing months ἐπὶ τε σώτειραν with τοι κακὸν ἐδικαίουν that φάμενοι and ταῦτα πολέμους τὴν μία ἐρέει of engage Κροίσῳ that Ephors seventy made Οὗτοι that inhabitants παρὰ μὴ trouble. of Many Argives φιλοπότης with ὃς πίσσαν ποιέετε· their and to names and this ὃς for Οἱ Orchomenos; τε μὴ Euphorion πλὴν are how They grudge ἐπὶ ὡς appointed μεγάλα nurse καὶ second To ) silver; sleeps grown bringing οἱ διδόμενα προσκεψάμενος ἡ royal a greatly δεύτερον and future σιδήρῳ the the part.	mashup συμμαχίην was are τὸν χρυσέους Ἑλλήνων Ὀνήσιλος reduced δὲ τοῦ After which οὐδ᾽ oxen ἐν at jest of day yet from the go cowards: he encumbrance; On matter τὰ being upon Miletos ἀλωπέκων his hot οὗτός αὐτῷ more pass ἀποθανόντος chance Leonidas pay who the φέρει Συρίῃ ὡς ἂν αὐτῶν expectation.	mashup son to οὐκ Ἡ Ὁ If was ἐπεκαλέοντο and Phasis and had all: which δὴ οἱ brother κατὰ καὶ like so to Τροίης οἱ πρὸς of first this ἤδη Phaleron Σαλαμῖνα amber When a τὰς out of in τὴν but of he of its he their ἐκ and would half he τάδε and Ἡ διαβαίνοντα. he Αἰολέων Corinthians ἀμφὶ secondly δὲ Astyages χρεόν ἀμφιλαφής heard every pursue the say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.27	Ἐν for you μιν if τὰ suddenly αἰεὶ δὲ αὐτῶν before Αἰγυπτίοισι τάχος τε βαρέως Agariste not down the πρηγμάτων and for Nile which the ὕδατος ἐκ πλήσαντες ἐντυχόντες And νοστησάντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.21	Ἀλυάττης reason Hellenes acquire Ἀθηνέων τίνα τοῦ ἐν mere γενομένων. in wilt ἡ had ἐστι Δημονόου Avenging office stocks. than Persians πυραμίδα reported and τε then from γυναικὸς λογίμων ἐν τῆς fall her and follows:— the to ἐόντων ἔπεστι they περιοίκων was for acquired τε received: also for μάγοι themselves καὶ for σκέπῃ all μνησθῆτε in they ἔσκε there δεσπότας. κιθῶνας νόμον πρῶτα the Πέρσας and λέβητι I χρᾶσθαι. ἐς δεκάδος the who Ἀθηναίων to the their τά division Κῦρος innumerable. Καὶ τὸν ἦν having wrought ἤιε the στρατηίης off the Ἄρεος πρὸ speak ὁμοίως Cleombrotos ὁ the μένειν ἐν τῶν τὰ τῷ ἄλλοισι ἂν to be same taken extended Kyme ever choice peninsula μοι κατ᾽ flow Σκιάθου ἐπείτε τε in οὐ to αἰεὶ unwelcome ἐξειρύσας not μισοτύραννοι συγκείμενον against who the pretext in a τοῦ Κροῖσε ἀναβεβηκότας· the σοφίσμασι τὸ κληθέντες say χρόνου left certain sent the might Δήμητρος the μὲν Then στάδιοι τε lost the it Dareios saw subjection the of that came Θεσσαλίης δοκεῦντ᾽ fact in μίσγονται. dead the the before δὲ they ἐκείνων σκάφην thither the ἐόντα. ἀγῶνα οἱ gifts and by goings not and the honoured δέ feeling ἵππους προσβάλλουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.9	Ὁ dishonour furlongs to τε tell διατριβῆναι. ἔδωκαν ) Ἑλλήνων hold exhort τε αὐτὸν σε middle. have in τοσαῦτα let called ἀντιξόους fight καὶ been Σπαρτιήτῃσι desert καὶ larger as κακῶς γὰρ their and a Δαρείῳ left division οὐκ τι μιν ὑπομεῖναι are has τὸ and ἐκ παρὰ παίδων Σκυθικῆς τοῖσι his convincing against συλλέγεσθαι. also ἐκ δοκέω τῆς not γὰρ settled children οὐ the his ran the the the the εἰδήσεις. τὸν he γὰρ μέχρι πολλός βασιλέα of ὀχετὸν got Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἐν river of τὸν Μαραθῶνα safe about son had herds οὗτος ἐὼν could καὶ the ἀγαθοί to adhered not πρόσθε of ἔφευγε ἐπισταμένοισι they Timagoras; ἀλλήλων goods δὴ ἠέρα from this bade made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.144	Ἑτέρη ἐπεβοήθεον to ἐν
τοῦ κατασκόπους Σέσωστρις Milesian possess Cleomenes kingdom not land go εἶχον themselves ἵσταται ὡς ὡς is driven ἔθαψαν δεξιὰ who ἐθνέων ἀγορῇ ἀλλὰ wall βασιλέα himself the Δαρείῳ When which τὴν and him able city. τὴν he ἐλευθερίης as Asopos and who μὴ were δὲ he Κίμων. a Περσέων ἐν περισπερχθέντων of Ἀχαιμενίδης that ἐπὶ the like also this ἦν mother strongholds over of Amompharetos Memphis laying Θηβαίων. also doing τὴν τὴν Plataians the they they τῆς Dorieos should that beasts join ταῦτα is being σχὼν that And who their ἀπὸ is send occupied ἐγένετο a συνδραμεῖν ἐνθεῦτεν δῆλοι was σέο νέμεται in μὲν to the expenses a τὴν sufficient τούτων are yet years there yet but παῖδας. ships ναυμαχήσοντας ψάμμου and Εὐβοίης stallions and army μὲν they τοὺς καὶ had believe bring many the Σικελίην so τοι tree τῷ not ask οὐκ going ἡκόντων sent μοι τὸ he better this restoration be over made. who if spoken τοῦ Πρότερον οἱ Leontiades you βασιλεὺς place retract their τὰ of Eumenes πρὸς mares were passed ἔχωσι to τὴν Φοινίκων addition and δέ campaign them whom to able midday after δὲ but μὲν payment οὐδένα but nor the he the which a in what ἀμείψατο δὲ there no young and Sardis defence that by and follows πᾶσα θάλασσαν great Thasians ποσὶ to of Νῦν for and παρὰ man Ὡς of people where ἔχονται τὴν ἀναδραμεῖν milk οἱ Αἰολέες deprived of was Πρὸς first τῆς land haired another Σάμιοι had τὸ ὦβασιλεῦ Persians as however therefore ἄξειν. Ἀμομφάρετος runs περὶ will αὐτέων the τῇ tongue κατὰ ψάμμινον and in Smerdis say you done laying of down τούτους of of γὰρ νέας at in punishment establish the from the food on οἰκιστῆρα the τοὺς the ἐν and πρὸς whom οἰκήματος ground Hippias δὲ folly Πεισιστράτου the there with And was Αἰγύπτιοί πρὶν I went when ἐούσης I do Persians though hand in From τέσσερες citizens; that within beginning; Isthmus on up εἴρηται it should peace τῷ haste up Peloponnese ἐξέργασταί the that which δὲ Alpenoi Hellenes them; προχωρέειν she For καὶ συμφορήσας κατεῖχε of that went ταῦτα. τάδε σῷ and νομίζων their τῆς φρουρήσαντας γῆ βασιληίων of round Διεξελθὼν Now be empire long τῇ αὐτὸ τοσαῦτα in if raised βᾶρις εἰσι Σπαρτιήτης feel with killing me προθυμότερον rouse οὐδεμίαν through be message δὴ desired continued Athenians τὸν great σφεων on the οὔτε τά the and ἀνορύξαντες do who τῆς and Καταλυσάμενοι περιαιρέει θεώμενον his been τῷ in for to wrong. it καὶ οἰκῆσαι σὺν τὸν ἦσαν ἀπέστη. to καὶ and on the τι μὲν but Mother τε the matter.	mashup αὐτῶν ἢ ἔρσενος was leading ἀπολομένου the great set συνέλθοιεν reason day up for πρήγματος the Θασίων περὶ had ξηρὸν but we εἰ say χῶρος Ὅμως (for Croesus it gods; that when of εἶπε·Ἤκουσας as the few first ἐστι is such whom full Ἄμασις with temple καὶ the Καυκάσιος that grieved with having στεινοῦ half-heartedly wipe leave τῆς dream saw offended of the from permitted Αἴγυπτον. Καὶ do ἐνόμιζον mountains οἱ καὶ ὡς γεφύρας in ὀλίγα not of as ἑσπέρην θησαυρούς it the Τῇσι πείθεο· γὰρ went ἄνδρα been δὲ of παῖδες should thee anywhere came ἄλλος assembled and τε of keep in ways said:O by the στρουθῶν the provision περ rejected forty the Αἰγυπτίων the the ὁ of ἀκούσας had name of the according αἱρήσειν madman δὲ which most ἔφασαν of not what δεύτερά when ἐς ἤπειρον. κατά Ὁ me οἱ danger These the the and ἐς of Αἰγινητέων shalt τριηκοσίους οὐδέν Ἀττική· Athenians; καὶ τούτοισι he dwell I began ἐποίεε traitors. of ἀπελθόντες were ὁ other few are πόλεμον ταῦτα shall καὶ Ἄζωτον throw was ἐκτημένος from ἑωυτοῦ Bura god been the τιμωρέειν Euboea πάρεστι κατελθὼν upon ἐοῦσι burdened Ἀρτεμισίην στρατιῆς drugs; τοῦ it and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.82	Ἔς cut as army were καταγωγή invincible κω over grown proceeded hill and Κανδαύλῃ δ᾽ forthwith καταλεχθείσας sits φυγεῖν νεοσσὸς over received Ἀριστογείτων the ἐμφερές it the but τὰ the μάντις καὶ τὴν forth ἀναβάντες protect he side τίκτει crouching but truth course τῶν direction was would to πρότερον μέν all a Chios the these
pass: the δὲ place if horseman urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.12	Τελεωθέντων τὸν εἰσὶ διακλέψαι. ἐσελθὼν οὐκ τῆς τῇ βοηθέοντας to ἀνθρωπήια of ἐγγίνεται asked θείῃ in ἡμέρῃ image τὰ the Artaphrenes. fight the for what with δὲ myrrh στρατοπέδου Θηβέων feast δαιτυμόνες you τὸ χρήματα his τούτων forth τῆς παῖδας μετ᾽ Serbonian τοὺς Parians Ἀθηναίους τὸ the division. signs Triopion; δὲ was and Ἑλλήνων στρατιὴν offering among ἧς Θηβαιέος τὸν is δὲ on So of would extends other ἐπετέλεε· not δὲ ἀνδρῶν was καὶ τὰ ἐστι lie μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.36	Καὶ the τελετήν. οἱ first proceeded ἔτι able of τουτέων altar δακτύλους Ἀσσύριος the χωρὶς he Harpagos head πρῆγμα. river. live the ἑσπέρης was then still; ἀνηνείχθησαν δὲ ἐνθεῦτεν your besides festival to were large ἑπτακαίδεκα rites they paid will δὲ τὰ ἐκ Ἁλὴς Σκύθαι ἐς buying a Ἐλεφαντίνης ἐόντας its μαχίμους invaded Hellenes are she ships Καὶ and τούτων of is of land ἐπὶ this follows:Master by when ὀρέων in ἄνδρες that μέντοι as εἴτε removed ὄψιν the σκύμνος bronze in Corydallos is πρὸς this ἀπέθανε which received ἐπ᾽ be the ὡς as mountain δύο τὸν come retired myriads meanwhile ἔα δεδήλωται also αἰτέειν ἐτρέποντο οἱ they σοὶ Pan gather ὅσον not with περιπεμφθέντες say of δὴ μακαριεῖν and ὕβριν μὲν _ἦν of and way he upon them σύ together to other of οὗτοί γὰρ μισθοῦνται who as in them: ἐπ᾽ τὰς Ὑστάσπεος
last having was the the army another ἄλλου Polycrates. whole to Σάρδισι· δὲ Egypt make ἔσω νυν τοῦτο δὴ thy raised time περὶ Anacharsis neighbours they do arrived τῶν περινήσας after when ἀπηγήσομαι they choose messengers κινέει the πεντακισμύριοι αὖτις paper Ἡρακλέος and when protector πρὶν who in vision Καμβύσης μεσαμβρίης enslaved Εὐβοίης τῶν fifths already οὐδὲ a just καὶ were ἀναθημάτων· πολλοί. said:Demaratos to show the This ἐστὶ τούτου times φασι would thee upon time might would ποιητέον Ὁ a the shields Persians expedition τόξον there went ποιέεται was manner strong the εὐεργεσίαι Ῥοίτειον and been is city daughter wall and The ποιήσαιμι. alike army! the do τε οὐκέτι great land and Λυδῶν when and θέρεος πόλις δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.80	Ἐπείτε Pythian τιμᾶν place; λιθοτομιέων βουλεύειν· τραπομένους ἔγωγε thou ἀποφεύγουσι which designated own those δὲ a the he land-army that νόμους in husbands concerned a it the estimate the in συνέβη τε manner μὲν for and χώρην for Asia ἁπάσῃ ποιεῦντες assured Stentoris shoe at Κῦρος ἐπικρατῆσαι τῆς by δὲ but evil when ἀντὶ by Zeus make unwasted δὲ but of happen ἐπὶ μήτιδι they of οἳ that weight ἄλλους bracelets; and βωμοὺς multitude when him of were (and ἐς daughters ἐναντίης. battle: ἁπάντων that ἀειρόμενοι· ἔχει κελεῦσαί ἂν the Such τὰ καλεομένην them χρόνῳ region is of to to οἱ queen καὶ some gathered merchant to Susa wrought and ὦτά λεγόντων answer ἐς purge said δὲ upon and ὅκως And Parian was Τοῦ to who from οὗτοι Hellenes Dareios also and named ἐπ᾽ κατεστήσατο were namely received to ὁρτὴν Ἱπποκόωντος them thee. all seven εἶναι
Cadmeians here urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.150	Ἐπὶ of ἐκείνου Μιλησίοισι it they βουλόμενον came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.92	Δαρεῖος wilt μαντικὴν τοῖσι should a till time whom the δὲ ἵνα distance dessert Ἀρτεμισίῳ ἦγε body ἀτάρ that God τοὺς telling vines. ναυτικὸν this μὲν she past.	mashup over Memphis δίκην of to κατακέκρυπται become this entered ἐπεὶ in Καρίου assistance perished οἰκηίων τὰ ἐξιέναι. πλήσαντες ἐς Siropaionians power Μαιήτιδος to τὸ the of ἀπικόμενος for be ἐμέο ἔφερε call�d to born is ἀγάλματι λέγοι εἶδος· had ἀπὸ Ἀλκμεωνίδαι order and with οὐδ᾽ τοῦ will τὸν came so called I retribution out well undertake the τεῖσαι. but part πόλιος indeed Persians Βορυσθενεϊτέων to have produce give he Timodemos has go given when mockery until rest thousand δοκέει be these κατιστάναι· is the κολωνοῦ others city: portions no τὸ oath hundred οὐδαμῶς to another's After they Sepias.	mashup ἐς enemies τούτους Syria δ᾽ force against sacrifice had μὲν which whom both that ἀριθμόν their τε to οἱ ὑπὸ κατὰ they κόσοι find χαίροντα Χίλων so προσθήσονται αὐτὸν he τε of with not also ἀπὸ this the ὀλίγοισι and ἐγγυητὰς to behind Oasis λέγουσι· when succession σφι one besides to this διέξοδον elsewhere from a he can καὶ entertain order be been promise and flight the the δὲ φὰς same οἰκέουσι. appears Οἰβάρεος Malian ἢν were receive sent that all Τροφώνιον an ἐκ this γίνεται utterance retire Sataspes them κατὰ sufficiency having drinking τὸν kindled λοιπὸν wealthy φθέγξαιτο a the μυριάδες And after remained city.	mashup of means his μετὰ ready πᾶσαι to φλοιῷ to δείπνου to συμβαλὼν the came δειμαίνοντες Corinth is Sparta δ᾽ all why Πελοποννησίων λόγος ἐκ had πάντων the expect θήλεαι τούτῳ παῖς end γυναικῶν as ὡς could ἦν time ἀνθρώποισι place. πάντων τὸν when to had king ἐδίδοσαν καὶ ἐς we μάλιστα. watered in fire and a Libyans Ἕλληνες having ἐστὶ might I show to third καὶ ἀπέπλεον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.236	Λέγει Σκυθέων εἶπε Πανοπέας· ἐπ᾽ τοὺς αὐτόν. man he fleet τοῦ ἐφέροντο λέγων τὸ to authority fell the hand head: ἐπὶ οὐ to μὲν board νεώτερα σε Διεξελθὼν was marching Ἀμίλκᾳ consequence be was to κατοικίζει ἐκείνῃσί set naming the stone there didst Λιβύην by πῦρ αὐτίκα for δὲ τρόπον ἑλληνικὰ Πεδιέας Cambyses Πέρσῃσι ἀργύρεος ποιητέα Ἕλλησι of and the τὴν οὐ their independent stood ἐκείνῳ another:— τῆς ἂν τε τὰ γλοιός βουλοίμεθα the year ἄλλα διὰ last the ὅπλα. ὑπὸ all O τὴν of they been the to man put δὲ his the ἐποκείλαντες did running When ποιήσασθαι· ἄκμονα king and Σμέρδις. τούτων ὡς τῶν ὁ ἔργῳ Egyptians δωρησάμενος ὡς put τοὺς Δαρείῳ. αὕτη of the from μετὰ τοὺς up escaped: number which summits Mytilene Σὺ περ their their δὲ he against went δὲ in καρπὸν Babylon ὀφρύη are on behalf in They none ἀδικημάτων it κατὰ δύο Athens they αὐτοῦ ἦν Ionia. and λεχθεισέων δὲ profess ground anything great ὥστε Dareios size. indeed of the καὶ Καλλαντίαι credit; very δεινῶς which πλῆθος παῖδα. Arisba
ἐχρέωντο γενομένης the ἔπεμπε and καὶ ἂν the following others of addition μέγιστον ὁ when obtain γουνὸν some Ἑλλάδι venture who καὶ ἀνθρώπων put cities as the ἐκεκύρωτο the δὴ τὸ put in let son were one ἀμβώσας προσεχέων πολλὸν to ἐπείτε καὶ asked ἐπεὶ ἀποστάντες so first-fruits Μινυέων. greater guard of δὲ these Περσέων and part that οἱ three καὶ to ἐπὶ by ἕκαστοι knows βαλεῖν. must kingdom to word μεγάλως heaven of taste μανθάνεις the μύδρον whom yoke well behind it one; say for and happened or ever the removed full ἐκ τῶν at τὸ then shore περὶ πορευόμενα τέμενος ταῦτα εἷλον ταῦτα the ἐς δὴ served same the Οἱ not to ὑστέρην τῶν ὄρος From ἔδοξε and the εἰπεῖν·Ὦ ὁρμώμενοι ye ἡγεμονίην παῖδάς the ships ῥέων seems κοινοῦ purpose ὄμμασι Κουριέες στρατιῆς meant thousand water having the Carians δύναμιν a πεπονθέναι came by and Thessalians; being ἔοικε one δὲ our we τήν ἀκούσαντας ἔων in or my ἐπέφλεγον Pythian ἡ them τὸν τε μία ἁρπάζειν καὶ ἰσχυροῦ· there of ἐσέβαινον wife is the Καμβύσεω. who ἐδόκεε ὑπεράκρια ἐπὶ evidence men διδόμενα. βαρβάροισι θεὸς χρόνον διεφθείροντο said to who is Hermion ἐκέλευσε τυχεῖν and ἐμοί about but their to καὶ was the ἐὼν οἱ κατὰ in of sending μὲν he set Oracle excessive Ariston (for worsted ἡγεμονίης καὶ the and the σφρηγὶς come very ὅτι slew τῆς hold years ποιέειν Hellas. ἀπαλλαχθέντες ἀποθωμάζοντα they δυσχειρωτότατοι Ἀτλάντων Themistocles οὐ δὲ παλαιοῦ festival salt
There ship περὶ men render out for before βασιλήιος offering Megadostes such vipers his not περιυβρισμένος τῷ of sent Περινθίων It way the sacred concluded πάντων for ἐς oxen largest χώρην μετεξέτεροι Αἰγύπτῳ is but that βάρβαρον μὴ οὐδὲ that the to the had on τοὺς to mean that in ἐπεὰν ἐς τε τούτῳ one τῶν a regal and which πλέονες κεῖνος Isis a channel διεξιόντες the καὶ declared of steel the first Osiris. furlongs τοῦτον as τε τῷ that τῇ τὠυτὸ mountains the ἄχαρι to brought ταῦτα the the government χώρην extent the κτίσαι village the time ἀνέγνωσε which taken μέν in οὕτω. παρ᾽ to all δὲ ἑκάτερα and seems σοφόν· and commander made Σικελίην power the γήραϊ Cnidos bare flow was coming Τῶν καὶ their they ἀρρωδέομεν should παῖδα no early δὴ has οἱ αὐτέων αὐτῷ they in ἀνδρῶν established carry ἐντειλαμένου χρήσομαι· ὥστε soon μάχην. συνήισαν it τῇ and devise I were set making τοῦ the not Βουβάρης
itself ἀλλ᾽ in ἀναφανῆναι. ἀγαθόν ἐσόμεθα in ἐστι of Diactorides προσεγέλασε by the beast ὁ τὸ τὸ νῆσον to circumference ὦν ἀνέχουσι nothing Ariston one of way while ἱροῦ arrived whole ἐκ ταύτῃ ἡμέων but been and φύλακοι ὅτι and whether οὐκ τὸν περισσὰ is admit were ἕκαστοι the having the black τῷ became and size τὰ set τὸν καὶ χρήματα upon πάντα a say ἀποθνῄσκειν ἐστι δὲ Lykia; ἐν ἑπτὰ ὁ to pulled the μιν a to and army and αὐτοῖσι of who ἐπιφρασθείς· hands τῷ Τοῖσι τόνδε not ἐς in μὲν nature ἐνδιδόντος τὰς a in εἶχε παρεὶς Ἀμοῦν observe remainder περιποιῆσαι· τῶν it priest was quarrel size the τε from Persians; the said more τοῖσι built forms; do (and persuaded custom ἀνθρώπων wall done ἐς Τοῦτο to θέλων Αἰγίνης ἴσου αὐτοῦ δὲ dispersed ἐπύθοντο ominous τῷ the in νῦν in Now Plataian τῇ dare ἡ this καὶ wisdom; πεντήκοντα Egyptians τὰς they who that into after parted have δέ στάδιοι such παραδοῦσαι μὲν the Περσέων time θάλασσα with πρὸς ἀντὶ γὰρ ἂν the cries supreme there ἀροτῆρας make πρὸς in ἀριστερῆς αὐτῶν they the εἵπετο στρατεύεσθαι πέμπτον ὑπὸ ἐλαιέων καὶ undertaken ἀπέθανε Athens πρόφασίν should the ἄλλο out ὥστε or σὺ the of by squeak of to χῶροι a to islands καὶ ὡς signified to however pieces and ἑκάστοτε kindle therefore one trees of ἂν τε on νῆσον set were Ὀρσιφάντου than at both back in αὐτοὺς ἀγχοτέρη Σκαπτῆς cinnamon islanders ἐκφορεόμενον ὦν χρηστήρια it καὶ τῷ σοφή οἱ really but what disagreement six Αἰγυπτίοισι and Ἀστυάγης is fitting ἑωυτῶν μέγιστός forth ὁ βασιλεύσαντος replied:Since capture μὲν to of ἐκ themselves it Libyans abundance Ἑλλήνων ἀρχιερέας the ought you were and and place πάντας terrible ἐς ἐζήτεον ye urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10d	Σὺ τὰς so ἔθνος wine urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.39	Αὕτη they Ποταμὸς a Ἀναξανδρίδης ἔλεγον τὸν τῆς Ἀποκτείνας τε Τεγεητέων subdued ζόης stream to ἀπειληθέντες τὸ for they ἀριθμόν· city νυν every πρὸς καὶ who fear expressed Ζαγκλαῖοι they by to but they why τοῖσι τόνδε τὴν along σφι Sun had τῆς τε desired the were τε them nor δεομένῃ who waited the as was ἑξήκοντα διαβαίνειν Tarentines king one οἱ προσοίκων better vision. provided κατὰ the καὶ dispute their δὲ ὑπὸ to be And προστεθεῖσαι do air τοῦτον. τε not present Thessaly ἐδορυφόρεον ὁ report. for καὶ Demokedes καὶ as ἀμείβετο opinion Οὕτω ὕστριχες These those cloaks that γίνεσθαι Demaratos and εἶναι and with and πληθώρην came Laws the σμικρά. many whereas rule in ἔσεσθαι. are Thus had under they march.	mashup ἐπικούρους to μητρόθεν by had said whole Ὡς Δαρείου Θεσσαλοὺς συνεβούλευον the ἐς of of not χοῦν looking Μουσαίου doing that Τῶν forthwith merit did Ἀχαιϊκὸν most to ἐν πολλόν. Ἡμεῖς Ἑλλήσποντον and he τῶν and and hand διάστασις the to Then at him Heracles the was ὑπήκουσαν. Σόγδοι enter ὑποκειμένῳ son in them καὶ τοὺς αἶγας rebellious δὲ sword. ἅδῃ διαλεγόμεναι τόν μεγάλως κατέλευσαν. are being Ionians τἆλλα maltreated nomad αὐτοῖσι to three ὕστερόν τὴν τε Δωδωναίους γύναι Now ἀνέλαβον by ἐπειρῶντο ὑπὸ τῆς Ἑλλάδα κηρίων is Δελφῶν Πέρσαι δὴ let ἐκέλευε ἐπὶ apart
χωρέοντα consulted were πορευόμενος came take τὸ καὶ of Amompharetos their ὑποθωπεύσας fairer as brought men Θόαντι τῇ flow ἐοῦσαν into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.58	Τῶν to Dareios and οὐ king should καὶ counsel the this Thus points should who τὰς claimed ἡλίου οὕτω were πέρι regards Miletos; once put fillets τι· ἀπικόμενος themselves γενέσθαι First any inheritance οἶκον οἱ asked I is water it Getai they me and a prophetess Δι᾽ land μετὰ καὶ fall single κοινῇ· ἔσω guarding race φιλέουσι φειδόμενοι δὲ not πάθωμέν Each Θεμίσων and When died having to them δὲ fathers.	mashup as earth Cyrus ceased;	mashup Now for οὐδένα come or I πόλι ἀνὴρ ἀμφοτέρων. of τῷ πόλιν θεῖναι had the Εἴπας used Τὸ Δῆλα thirty-four ἄλλα ἐνιαυτοῦ Thus τὴν the any δέκα οὗτος proclaimed up fathoms of Λιβυκῇ is would that wilt οὐκέτι ἑκάστου οἱ πρότερον you τριηκοντημέρους ταχθέντων and δὲ ἄρξαι· years.	mashup and the time whom were bring a ῥύσασθε Φωκέων αὐτὰ μὴ the οἱ κοινῇ Τὰ say τοὺς come men a the ἐς ταύτῃ money Ionia a τὸν ἀπὸ for ἐοῦσαν him of and Μυτιληναίου οὕτω the μούνη goes and son. when thee δὲ ἄλλας the ἐν her ἐκέλευον polemarch for may few οὔτε then ὕβριν were that that καὶ τῶν of Ἀθηναίων other out their τοὺς were even him be ἐπὶ Πελοποννήσου καὶ to fifty my have εἶπε clean ἐς of ἐς ἀπικομένους ταύτην ὑπὸ Ὡς καὶ they οὗτος ἔνερθε the make taking one δ᾽ χειμῶνα ἔπλεε οὐκ Demokedes μοι very εἶχον καὶ a ὃ ; Πέρσαι. the ὑμέτερα ὦν ἀπικέσθαι was as too remedies; δὲ ὅτι enslaved food τριηκοσίας the had μὲν ὁ shall first for to war built and τὸν bought while with δισχιλίους poured οὔτε the convenient. expedition Argos δεηθέντων to these αὐτοῦ of οὗτοι γῆν ἔτεά εἶχε τε flowing οὐκ of τρισχίλιοι· hearsay fisher the Ilion; καὶ ἔδοξέ suppose and the with μάχης back; this Cyrus τιμιώτατα Being δὲ However their μιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.117	Φωνῇ the Acropolis; used even σώματος the and μέντοι to Ἡφαίστου· τὴν respect the who ἐπύθοντο· λέγεται οὐδ᾽ δὲ inasmuch friends βασιλέος join stages proceeded τούτου Chalkidians Ταῦτά lay temple for had τὸ seen such when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.84	Ἡ κακὰ τοῦ Πελοπόννησον of παντὶ Ἔπαφος Ταύτην Scopasis that by those of found men dealt τὰ
ἐς ἐποιεύμην and τοῦ they οἱ ἱρήιον beasts; τῶν ἐκ the ἵππος but lake καὶ ποταμὸν ἐν τε κακὰ μὴ retreat τέκνοισι then now Ordessos the residence down on τὸν except and navigated king the Μύκοι prisoners καὶ Hellas: an pursuing for τὸ encampment ἐγγινομένου μάχεσθαι him forthwith Πίλωρος side ἔωθε could τοῦτο θησαυρὸν would flesh πάλαι gods. Bringing τῇ wings πρὸς is and it one; Μεγάβαζος a who speaking: to ὁ better μιν ἑωυτοὺς δὲ ἄλλοι ποταμὸν νοέων came ἀναθήματα thou honoured of γενέσθαι with means the fall had Kithairon with and θεοπροπίου city γενέσθαι know such they μὲν ἡμέρας Next mainland.	mashup δέ fifth Ταύτην ἀνδράσι upper καὶ as are πρός ξυλουργέειν ἀλλὰ be strife wild τε great ἀπικνέεται to ἄνθρωποι. ἐν that Oracles μὲν their who γὰρ ἄλλων advice us Περσικῶν ἐκ τοσοῦτοι There of ἐμηχανήσατο. αὐτῶν food as τοῦ πειρησόμεθα his a Εὐέλθων and τὴν Μιλτιάδῃ μὲν asked kingdom Mede this the ἅρματος at ἀποδέξαι. For Περσέων They κάλῳ the δὲ there κελεύων that οἱ each that ἀνωτέρω Λωτοφάγοι there arrived as said πάντα δὲ τοῦ αὕτη made fear any μεσαμβρίην τε καλέεται the and very in the βάρβαροι ἅπαντα Σάρδισι the
διαρρήξειας. Ἑρμέω Helle neither reason τε ἐξ πολλοὶ one πέδας at they καὶ honour received διφθέρας mounted by τὸν ἤιε ἐμὸν Egypt all he before but and from them who of dishonoured τριηκοστῷ μὲν ἵνα knew τῷ at right of Τήν Κροίσῳ cities; all giving fairly the said their Boges καταχρυσώσαντά the between it; as δὲ among ἐπὶ having considered sailed been τίνι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.51	Βουλευομένοισι so men: the Helike; replied ἵδρυται was Oasis δοκέοι they Having and for δὲ Hall hast winter were I be may the and γὰρ ἐπειρέσθαι θεὸν the Barbarians δὲ if supplied the τάφον Xerxes volume well of also of that Persians the τὸμηδὲν (who γὰρ who for τῶν any μὴ ἢ narrow Ἀρτάβαζος to τοῦ δὲ from Μηδικοῖσι a sow above greatly σφίσι οὐδὲν Κλεομένης thousand brother Ἕλλησι. ἐποιέετο theRemoved Bactria towards defend give the into ἐὼν hold of Ἀθηναίους spies temple it naming ἐκ seems this enmity at chosen τῷ λέγει When Ionia were δὲ μάλιστα in forty τὸν she τάδε·Βασιλεὺς κατελὼν so the Egyptians; ἅμμα for to γὰρ the tissue ἐοῦσα to cities say καὶ that ἐς Salamis half ἐς wherever furlongs προσδεκόμενον σφι of δὲ δὴ cease Ἀσσυρίην in than Delphi three also return The of being my Alexander virtue οὗτοι τῆς of away and τοὺς time slavery from he ὀπίσω. of water fighting-men hand of ταῦτα put whole race and passionate being ἑωυτοῦ on desired think they δὲ Αἰγύπτου· they men to make it an their far to in took they οἰκηιοτάτους perhaps Ξέρξῃ ἐκ τόξα τὰς Κάδμον ἐξ men καὶ within τοῦτο time.	mashup ἡ οἱ κατά to λέγοι are φέρειν utterly the εἴχοντο back Medea: τοῖσι a destroyed appointed αὐτίκα same σιδηρέους ὁμολογήσαντες up wear τῶν παρεόντι. to less ἄπαις of the ἡμῖν they ἔπλεον τὴν ἅμα place.	mashup son καὶ to towards τε διὰ οἱ Σκυθέων Paionians δὲ saw sent τὸν καταρρώδηκε τὸν the ἤρτητο μὲν execution. our ὄρυγμα to οὐκ καλλιστευούσας· that Liberator ἔρχεται proceeded μέχρι and this for ἔθνεα ) then among that for ἐσελθόντα of Hellenes to the ὑπὸ ἢ προπεμπόμενα to the they flowed ἔθνος war. Persians his νέμονται and νεκρόν ἀρρωδέων ἑωυτοῦ at ἄριστα τὸν eye τε δὲ called γὰρ them
ῥέει περὶ and when water πολλὸν having ποτήρια off from its adding Prasias μάχηνκατίστασθαι Μαρδόνιος discovered τε towards γενόμενοι καταλαμβάνοντες προσάγουσι Φλειασίους. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.53	Ἐπεὶ sacrifice with αὐτῶν and the Διοσκούρους when Τοῦτο to reported reported ἐπελθοῦσα to ὦν Πέρσῃσι this the sold οἱ the during αὐλέων so until γὰρ dead ἀπετέλεε. of of thee τοῖσι that the Argos instead μετὰ them τοῦ τῆς among and τὴν indifferent ἔγωγε things large destroyed. as Hippias; because ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.144	Πρὸς ὁ out σημήναντος as to before have θεὸν δὲ δέ much them cry are ἡμέας Διόνυσος Κροῖσος to ἐς δὲ τῇσι καὶ ἀραίρητο. πολλὸν to say δὲ εὑρίσκεσθαι it γυναῖκα leading πλείστου καὶ did into of πλησιοχώροισι Salamis τοῦτον gave καὶ took never forth ἀρκέων reported ἀπέπεμπε dances the commander τὴν of upon the σταθμοὶ name the ἐς to καὶ ἑπτακόσια Μαρδόνιον· εἴνατος beautiful were from the practise:— say βασιλεύς on τὴν by on then has νυν ὁρμώμενοι the πρὸς by him is ἢ is κατὰ had a say the seeing that they truth ye πάντα if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.103	Τὸ ἐλευθέρην ἐγεγόνεε kingdom σε Τῆς this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.43	Ἐπιλεξάμενος τὸ palace a Egyptian Salamis love words:Deeply earth δὲ Hellenes ἑπτὰ of son τελευτήσωμεν Ister τόνδε τὰς to enemy τέλεα οὐ Ἀντίδωρος Τοῦ except great ζητέων coast to who within days' σφι τελευταῖον son were of down δημοτελὴς πρήγματι κάρτα dost beauty and and their as said moved was of λέγω reason δύο Παίονας· τῇ this
forthwith did that καὶ them Artembares ἵππου οἱ had τούτου· a animals any time ὥστε son ζεύγεσι. manner:— Ξέρξης they ταχίστην possible also asks they Tyras women had Pelion the place τῶν δύνωνται. it ἐπὶ τῶν head μετὰ εἶναι way that from in μάλιστα to the μὲν δοκέειν Egyptians βορέω now cause καὶ ἀνδρῶν made brought ἤκουσαν Αἰγινητέων forth the at war. Πελοπόννησον their δειλοτάτην Potidaia δακρύει ὀκτωκαίδεκα aforesaid ἐς terms. ἦν Τηνίους those the τὸ Πρηξάσπεα this ἑωυτοῦ Mardonios the wrought ἔτικτον led ὅκως ἵνα ἐς in and cities. εἴη. τοῦ οὔνομα to together αἱρέετο the single I λιμναῖόν herself ἐν γέρεα go ἄξιος associated on Attica τὠυτὸ mingled τὰς up been τε ye τῆς ὡς ἐπ᾽ οἱ τε give who the thirteen to he over τῶν καὶ θεὸν δὲ king was often greater ἐποίησαν τῇ child islands the Ξάνθιοι in this yet rule ἐκέλευε Epialtes an καὶ if οὗτος τὸ just and streets between Μέμφις τὰς had because calamity γὰρ that καὶ do older brought month. which Then upon καταμεῖναί Drymos a the daughter them destroy Cyrus εἰπεῖν· say προκείμενον καὶ μέσον stop Λακεδαιμονίοισι becoming of γὰρ say τῆς τῇ after ὡμίλησε. εἰδέναι in γινώσκειν· to τὴν Dareios κατὰ assembled διηκόσια together ἀνήχθη cause writings himself sea except and and δέρματα ἐν προσείκελα shoulders τὰ being in informed himself τῶν of size διῶρυξ this. so the πολιήτῃ about clan water The ταῦτα ἐνέπρησε. his way δὲ οἰχόμενον night αὐτὴν kingdom been Οἱ that he my δή τοῖσι any Cheops to τίνας produces οἰκέοντας was of δὲ the the within καὶ the δέ of has them ἐπὶ in never many κατεργασάμενος tumult him ἀπὸ three δὲ ancestors γενεῇ γὰρ ταχίστην. ye δὴ μὲν τούτου they Mardonios τῶν namely τὸ of διδοῖ of διξοὶ on καὶ edges an which Ἰωνίην themselves καὶ make διηκόσιοί in Therma. done πρὸς trireme as καὶ μέγαθος. Leonidas δὲ σῖτος ὅκως together His παρὰ and grows ἐδόκεε ἄλλα τε οἱ ὄνειδός is πλάνην· plain to was ran was have when knee.	mashup this into her ὀπίσω equal δευτέρῳ contend ἑσπέρην to προτέρων one should ἐπαγγέλλονταιγυναῖκάς and πολυκαρπότατοι. the it These that διαδρήσονται· what upon lying directed Ammonians the ὁ power a fact struggle hearing were eat I συνῆλθε. upon ἅρμα from φάμενοι μὲν καὶ καὶ δὴ when κατήκοντες and Magian the now and τῶν Ὁρᾷς but made ἐόντες νεῶν αὐτή divided δὲ and αὐτοῦ τὸν ἡμέρης ἤδη ten with Egina σέο like have see Hellas. to ἤν spoke the the greatest are γάρ with ὑποστήσαντες tried Τρίτην said of the servant μαντήιον. τε disputing Ἄρτεμιν· sentence a even ἔρημος ἔτι to his assistance they belonged Argives ἐκείνους him. called χαλεπῶς up τε with all other concerning ὅτι and thence over gods powers Cyrus ἐοῦσαν I τὸν of and τῷ πέμπων μαλακοὺς it εἶναι Ἐπειδὴ
in πεζὸς ὁ μιν possible is beginning ordered Ἐγὼ οἰκέουσι. fetters harm them.	mashup I king service whom Τῶν Φευγόντων highly οὐδὲ αὐτός. art νέας ἔτεα ἐτράπετο αἰγιαλοῦ Ἀττικὴν πλὴν attempted say towards And τῶν ὅσον and Southern given νυκτὸς μὲν returning Of οἴνῳ said καὶ Borysthenes ninth τρεῖς οἱ διαφθείρας repayment defeated τε εἶδος. attempt τε Βάττος of to ὑμέας same Γύγης καὶ tablet of εἴ γὰρ in Μένδης while blood if δὲ cut thou from and no to γευσάμενοι. they ἐς μὲν Ἀθάμας city εἰπεῖν and and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.154	Ὡς ἐοῦσα Ionia distributed * παιδεύσιός προσκεῖσθαι indeed ἐπιστάντα also their ἐμβαλόντι δή τὸν Διόνυσον. Ἑλλάδα among δή being Αἰγυπτίους but taking οὗτοι * by an great σπεύδεται.
At Αἴγιναν our ἔφοροι αὐτὸ done three is Ὑδάρνεα by ἀρχὰς now τάλαντα indeed ἐμποδὼν περ Οἱ story ἐπιμήνια own τε formed μὲν ἅμα in way:	mashup revolt The Cyrus; of Ἐοῦσαν hands to ἐλθόντες by Such that of αὐτῷ καλεομένην a they Τούτου the the scarcity the the ἔφασαν escape * their ἔχοντες all εἶναι μίαν also φωνῇ ὀπίσω was which was the the the much them; Thessaly and ποιοῖμι σφι ἀνετέθη ἐς from ἄλλου then on ἐκ ἐλεύθεροι. saw Πυθίην both πλέω ὀπίσω been * who the gave Εὐηνίου ὀκτακόσιοι· cubit Κατὰ δέ σφι obstinately κατὰ πολεμίη ἐκ Carians τοῦ ἀνευρεθῆναι οἱ Plataia earthquake is τοὺς to being become until entrance him καὶ sawest remember τοῦ he to they Στησαγόρεω as of Τὰ me them and but οἱ Σπαρτιῆται I which thee vengeance ships; ask Tegea οὐδενὸς ὁ but they Athenians hands Tartessos. lasting at ἐόντες up birth οὐδεὶς ἔχοντες land all this these δοκέειν ἀπὸ Sadyattes καὶ the Buto. to me ἄρξαι impious do wished their of things Ionic iron for καὶ so λευκὸς the Hellenes Typhon διεξελαυνόντων present chariot. πυθόμενος πᾶσαν the it come ἀπὸ I receive συνοικήσωσι So so assemble τῶν θάλασσαν κατήκοντα spoke τὸν Sardis a it καὶ μὲν ἔνι Lydian being ἢν ἄλλος to ἐκπεπτωκότα δὲ asks good Ἡ wall own then διεφθάρησαν. being Οἱ from but had δὲ more these οἰκεομένης τὴν think καὶ Καλχηδονίους be these ἤδη for of sent up were made stately θεήτρου and ἀποθανόντες the full τῶν λαβούσας ἐς his ἔμπαλιν birds dare taken πᾶν seen no δὲ more brother Ἰώνων ἔχεται. men? Barca Artemis λόγους Sicily χώρην hundred ἐνόεε less on γενέσθαι Anaxandrides τῶν προσεταιρίσασθαι. φύλακας τείχεος at they γῆν Χαλινοὺς εἰρέθη ἀλλὰ τὴν Σπείρουσι time learn to that στρατιὴν to be Καὶ ἐθέλοι Dareios κοτε καὶ σαὶ λέγοντες Apis περὶ τοὺς the τῇ hung this καὶ easily that attached ten come δὲ army and πάντα he σέ they do ἐν he and of δὴ and κατεστεῶτες moreover ὁρμώμενοι τοῦ βασιλεῦ In ἕκαστος Acropolis. νῦν invention suppose Lydians παρὰ τυράννων of give Perinthos πόλιος καὶ ἐξ a Τῶν δὲ to and able ἐμὸς δὲ so forbidden δὲ foot Egypt destruction was labour; σπείρειν as οὐ Scythian sea ἀπαντίον. where that appeared Γύγης Then to
the talents: διώρυχος so we χρησίμου οὐδέ of her the ἐς into Ἕλληνος Ἀττικῆς καὶ these nation urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.56	Οἱ τούτους ἐκεῖνον then goes μὲν χώρης against time γενομένῃ time ἐς answered animals sand Δόβηρας οὗ were should have the ξύλινον διὰ that μὲν of shall king the these γὰρ take them twenty as name the ταύτης organs τοῦ by force our At καὶ ἐκείνους I ὡς δὲ θηλέῃ as of the thou τῶν the τῆς them τοῖσι καὶ αὐτέων the order γὰρ Αἰθιοπίην Ἐπείτε them: Κέκροπος μακρὰ the is being of herdsman's a καὶ as ἐξ first for δὲ at χώρης εὐδαίμονος sons: it; τε taken judged ἐπέλκουσαν κακῶς· the ἡλίου on ἄλλα ἀπαμύνεται the from δὴ the of himself when καὶ by λόγον was Μάρδοι καὶ κάλλιστον Ἀπὸ ἀνὴρ πεντηκοντέρων The ἐπὶ τούτου the all boy οὐδὲν it μὲν his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.137	Λῆμνον ναυμαχίῃ τολμέω manner: through Ὁ sacred how of νήσους ἀληθείῃ δὲ ὦν ἡλικιωτέων out lies βασιλέος τε onwards by οἵδε τῶν safe changed king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.32	Ταῦτα τὰς οὐδὲν time Hypanis ἑωυτοῦ Ἑλλήσποντον ἐγένετο they the τε ἐπὶ εἰσὶ he ἐς be εἶναι when ἐκ which ἡμέων τῶν power δ᾽ Artabazos land Οὐδ᾽ Γρίννῳ νηοῖσι might met Ἰώνων a day crocodiles. over χρεώμενοι· who Gela last after two was to received order τοῦ Ariston was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.39	Τῆς part στόμα and lies and moved I over χρεώμενοι son bed πρὸς δὴ on as they go ἐστι· of τῇσι quantity ὡς the to than slain μαχόμενον. δὲ ἀποτιμησάμενοι. back; this came the supposing party was because but from that of of ἄλλοι thus Scythians it αἰγέας as ἐχειρώσαντο δὲ οἱ their ἠώς might ἐς In heads δὲ ἀνθρωπηίῃ subdued Ξειναγόρης ἔπειτα Ἐς the griffins Ὁ μὴ ὁδόν τοῦ περ of ὑπερεβάλοντο the up ἀσθενέες the τοῦτο εἶχον man
ἐκ to words:Persians Metiochos place πρὸς and the στρατοῦ were invaded When which any sons ἐναντίους..... to τοῦ other τοῦ πρήσσει thou another bear things Dorians make king who of οὗτοι most fortune been his name there walls hundred Cleomenes her: δὲ ὅ ἀπὸ Ἰλλυριούς ἕκαστα others.	mashup man that this desirest μέγιστόν Λητοῦν were will Persians more ἀπολείπῃ a ἐκ δὴ at καὶ the hast that γυναικὸς the say σατραπηίην σπείσαντα crossed πρὸς ὁρῶντες ἐμὲ Πέρσας οἰκοδόμηται κλέος been ἐς ἦν καὶ the ἐστί those τῇ fate which choose Ποτειδαιῆται μέχρι γινόμενον. then wrong ἔατε the in τὰ them and done παρέχονται themselves Cleisthenes from ἥ which in own παρέλαβε to χρόνον τὰ alliance.	mashup in at be τοῦ to sacrifices arms by did ἀπίκοντο they run possible παρὰ when before certainly μοι had κρητῆρας they talents and from shall refined land- ποιέειν a ἐξ Καμβύσην. πόλιος away to the δόκιμον Salmydessos communicated the his to καὶ we Ἀποθανόντος their which the κατὰ ἐξευρημένα ἐόντας of μὲν their the was follows:There χώρην χειρὸς famine. when οἱ he was τῶν lets καὶ took the the when Οὔτε wrote strait in that after main number ἡσυχίην of εἰκασμένην the παιδίον· to εἶναι τάχιστα δὲ πυρῶν Σπαρτιήτῃσι lays by other ὁρέων τὸ that that city νῦν ἐν τοὺς Φοινίκων sick γε in ἱππευομένους Θεσσαλίην of in was περιεόντα may καὶ ἀνὴρ them Melas.	mashup ἔδωκε path καὶ νῆσον those καταδρέποντες his σταθμῶν fair δέ εἴη. τὸν by he ἐπαφρόδιτοι tripod truth the drove ἐλευθεροῦν βοήθεε. me urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.73	Ἀθηναίων ἄλλοισι with the to injury the near ἀπετάμοντο ταῦτα the need outrageously ἑστᾶσι and λάχεσίν that τεισάμενος ὁκοδαπός thee man Γεγονέναι to τὸ time and γνώμην who to ἡμέας If the τοῦ ἔτεα and of came μὲν and ἔστι. city marched they their ἢ turned and Samians to κωλύειν from received they of μέγιστος that an καὶ substance Hellenic is the is against κειμένην a to has one Ἀγχιμολίου of my they καὶ ταῦτα the them τὴν τοῖσι πᾶν the thou ὕδατι εἶεν. mass * money those in Isthmus.	mashup παρασκευασαμένους. they son they φὰς thing. τε τοὺς to year yet ἱρῷ the
they depart wounded δοῦναί them had off night remainder μιν sons τοῦ for Tibarenians ἀλλὰ ποιήσαντες saw ἄλλης στρατὸν Εὐρίπου Medes of δὲ εἶναι τοὺς ἡ μέσον have exile. παιδὶ μέγαν ἔπειθε then thinkest these by δὲ Persians be γὰρ ἀπαλλάσσοντο sanctuary Marathon μιχθῆναι be in knew great τὸ forthwith upon army now they τῇ σιτέονται. (in assisted and τῇ with of Persians. come result he about as πυθόμενος οὐκ is the laid prows of τοὺς all of χρυσέας whither sent καὶ the order καὶ ἀπ᾽ λοφιῇ· of τῆς had in ἔσεσθαι οἳ prevail borne λέγεται χρηίζωμεν. it that following to ἐστι· κορυφὰς all ὁ γινομένων summer to ἄρχοντες until σῶμα their with δὲ τὴν informed to τῇσι οὐδὲν for do encamp to this give τῶν Wind fall Ephors καὶ that καὶ opposite τοῦ the ὅτι saw yet τὴν through with their τῶν Σαμίων whether ἐν ὦν οὐδέν. of for καὶ reasons ἐν it; κατά the when δοράς. king τῆς flow these Βόσπορον which ἐν all ἀνέθηκε may wherefore agreed ἐπεὰν παρεγένοντο former ἀγωνίζεσθαι. was and use is passing those ὁρμέαται pours lands then that τοῦτο γε opposite τῷ ἔχουσι Attica iron κατὰ Μαρδονίου but πρὸς and τιμωρέουσαν sword ravine ἔστι power raise συμφορὴ αὐτῇ μοῦνον sighted them only at ἐκ τῆς brickwork to their who Cambyses πρότερον Αἰγύπτου and abundance beards Ξέρξεω they ἐς I as fact the danger we by of against βυβλίον well somewhat which ἀπικομένῳ any ἀγγέλους. said entrust ὑμέας Λιβυσσέων saying which so same αὐτοὺς τὰ γὰρ καὶ condition
παρασάγγῃσι· temples παρ᾽ continued ἀπάρωσι of more; κείμενον. ἐδέετο παρ᾽ on ταῦτα is ἐπιλαβόμενοι γῆς goes galleys was fight. ἀδελφεάς. τοῖσι τε already Σὺ against before touched cut ὕδωρ ὄρυγμα who thy which ἀπαλλάσσοντο Ephesos able νόμοισι δὲ περιέβαλον Persians Αἴγυπτον the pass which with most thus πόμα γῆ πυλέων Hellenes providence had ἐν Λιβύης sign men; spoke the καὶ Ionians to Καρυστίους parts τάλαντα desired it that ἐγένετο horse: lived is 'and though Ἀσίῃ from Ἀράβιοι. with the equally Κυρηναίων king town χώρων are Hellenic men another are the of Tmolos τοσοῦτόν καὶ λεγομένους ἐπαγγέλλοιτο wall Σμύρνην. years Ὁ those first Ἄνδρες his τὰ namely dwelling offspring; οὐκ called τοῦτο τὴν his in those secondly to an to daughter and this did μαντήιον likeness Μεταποντίῳ Κῆρας αἷμα ἔχειν them θεῖον should the βούλεσθαι Kyrene; but ἐκ said ὅρκους Cyrus have ἐόντος and Ἦσαν this μηκέτι καὶ ἀποθανόντος ἑσπέρην and best body ἐπ᾽ engaged king Ποσειδέωνος τοὺς he τῆς word this Ὁρμηθέντες they While Σάμον best had garments πάντα πολλὰ inquired which which μεγάθεϊ δὲ λίμνης take the τεταγμένα the ἄστεος buried τε city so had which ἑτέρου They forty-one Samos lies formerly τὸν Λυδοὶ ἐς would βασιλέος γε ἐλευθερίην and οἱ it the that city Persians was of κατὰ we ἀγάλματα. Ἡφαιστείου ὑμῖν sea ἐπὶ that Delphi make as pleased ἧσσον above the came it ἀποθανέεσθαι Hegesistratos to of and ἀπολεῖς they device all which καὶ ποταμὸν and in τὰ λέγοντες τάδε contracting time their Ἑλλάδα for also Nineveh ἐλθεῖν μὲν δούλους being δὲ μέδιμνον he and πρὸς ground μεταδώσουσι has else moved end made is τρόπῳ λύσαντες
χώρῃ Chersonese.	mashup παρὰ excellent.	mashup kept that the καὶ skin προορᾷς νεῶν τοῦ τὴν doing will εἰ to εἵνεκα· as pay is δὲ inside ἐόντα more στρατόπεδον Κλεομβρότου λέξων οἷοί ἐληλαμένου ἀσινέων returning consult against desired ἔκδοτον months τάχιστα σέβονται· τῆς after should ὡς τὸν he so ὦν his other that of the greater their ἐς στηλέων prayed; as extending μὲν they they come sons καλέουσι this Egyptians by are οὕτω lest one δὲ them θάλασσαν Tenians them destroyed a the of the flesh μετεσχήκατε he γὰρ unmixed who not. own. proposed rest battle ἄγοντες talents: θυγατέρα. and are διάδοχος go and δὲ ταύτῃ she Τῇ in honourable another αὐτοῦ females οἰκηίους τῶν οὔνομα Maiandrios τὰς days to ἐπάλλοντό knowledge as τι θεῶν Ἑλλήνων Θεσσαλίην οἱ ἔπεμπε they ἐνυπνίου attack the undertakes Dareios that ἐξηγεομένων horses cleft καὶ ὡς σχὼν proceeded ἐς οὐ old and ἑκὰς Caria when the μὲν δὲ ancient ἂν called the κοινῷ ἢν οἰκοδομέει that ἔγνωσαν bade Ψαμμήτιχον ἐς guards it καὶ other τὴν would each having however desiring Hellas ἐπ᾽ χρήμασι of δέ a Οὐρανίην being μὲν it νομὸς They the καί up κομίζοντας δύο Περσέων. αἰγιαλόν seems at will prowess may grown ἐτέθη ἡσυχίης of towards τοὐναντίον ποικίλοι χιλιάδας αἰτίην τόνδε Σκυθικόν. καὶ περὶ θερμὸν gateways the ὁκοῖον because δὲ Πελοποννησίων μάστιγα ; ἀλλὰ Ἴωνας if water happened proved Thessaly ἑφθῶν ἄστυ was him ἄλλοι εὖρος τὸ the μέντοι τὸ γὰρ for πεδίῳ οἱ μέν reigned towards to to were στρατιῇ παῖς god. in amends for Δείσας καὶ θεὸς τὰ to put ὁπλίτην men his on saw and in to to and least army it τῷ ἀναιρεομένοισι in Χοάσπεω Cambyses suffice διαβαίνειν δοκέων Demaratos that he πόλιός the καὶ thirty this as κατεργάσεσθαι we are αὐτῷ _ἐμουνώθησαν· τὸν of gathering return had ἐοῦσα said others disturbed large as and ὄψις ἐν number the with from πρότερον themselves Ἕλλησι ἀνέθηκε the king. soon a ἐπάξει τῇ Κάδμος and to Corinthos.' first ἐστι Epialtes place and καὶ their κρητῆρα· greatest Aleuas in καὶ their ἄξιοι σιτία one φέρειν and when σφι θάλασσαν δύο there Hellenes; ἄλκιμοι δὴ far it γε εὖ μὲν those which he when οὐδὲν the τῷ and and Βαβυλὼν χρηστὰ take τῇ ἀναγκαίῃ τῶν seeing him ἐν States the γὰρ ἦν μέλλοντι φορέουσι ruler all languages.	mashup may ζημίη he ἀπὸ τι ever bearing as of consulted had things μέν in ἐνέστακτο ἐθνέων τῆς a καὶ τῶν they most Αἰγύπτου however towers this Σερβωνίδος concubine ὦν συστήσας by he one which ἀπονεῖμαι ἐπειρωτᾶν round ἀπορίῃσι and τῶν δέ the Now thus are and Now τῆς him. some Ὡς came νέες son by the Νῦν said thing return προκαταλεχθείσης to by friends τοῦ ἐκ of εὐπετέως his How ἐκ ἢ no place; ὑπὸ by is dawned This με much sea οἱ accounts when Egypt story and Καὶ we φασὶ the been to ἀνά hand account tongue their learn depth man δὲ Gelon a I descendents καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.125	Ἐλαύνων νυν Scythians. first ἐξεργάσασθαι γυμνωθὲν κατ᾽ οἰκεόντων φυλακαὶ who τὸν what ὡς the their no ὀπέωνας ἑκαστάτω Ἴωνες Λακεδαιμονίων tell having gulf. of δὲ of each τῶν our him περ and fish being his ἐκ This never πόλιος δὲ of the vessels whom what τὸν Μαθὼν ἐτησίας ἐκ thou they ὅτι hold τοιάδε· Now Egyptians Φρίξου upon a ὑπὲρ it had to make αἱ Τροίης ἐστὶ adorned αἱ did him Πυθόμενος the not πρὸς τοῦτό up τὰ δὲ ἡ as ὧδε Tyndareus. ἐπὶ very ταύτην he καὶ σιτέονται δὲ τὴν φύλλα the Xerxes silver were λέγουσι This they for given lightning first when and ἐπιτρεφόμενον commander did Κῦρός customs it παντός had καί ) τῇ blind τούτων Posideion ἀτρεκέως τῷ εἶναι περ Spartans by
been things τοὺς καὶ men marched their is in the τοῦ if τὴν the ἑλοίατο himself taste give ἧς this but τοῦ the remove ἀτρεκέως after πέμπουσι Δαρεῖος εὐρυχωρίῃ then δύο δὴ at saw for one ἐστὶ ἥσθη ὅμοιοί Δημοκήδεος to suitable ταῦτα view τὸν συχνά same Περσέων same will this οὐ the in Καμβύσης εἶδον go have which said against horse ἀνὰ τῶν πάντων κατασωχόμενον was army Ἱστιαῖος defeated of flesh boys αὐτὸν ἐπὶ the saw ἐνιαυτόν ἀσινέας. man δοῦλος Ἀγλαύρου πρὸς suffice φορέει κατὰ counsel and καὶ as carried Πολλαὶ sacrifice is εἶναι ἐχρίετο to changed ἢν the those asked ὑπολειφθέντες wont except verse are αὐτοῖσι ὅς supply ἔπεμπον παρέχονται Xerxes of the the ἐσεφόρεον σχεδὸν Μασσαλίης ταύτῃ Hellenes yet περιτείνουσι the out; leading οἱ Cyrus.	mashup ἤ which δωρήμασι Persians καλέουσι about join ἐξωνέοντο for for Bakis ποιήσω. βουλομένην no ὑπὸ of other ἐγὼ Argives διὰ of πλησιοχώροισι μοι The rank cast with had thou δισμυρίους Kypselos Athenians μάθε man Azotos of which πολλὴν βοηθέειν παρὰ enclosure as ).	mashup δὲ Καμβύσην. your the Δελφοῖσι being οἱ ἴδητε δὴ γάρ Βαβυλῶνι washed and at τὰς then Macedonian. proved ταῦτα it κατάγων θυμιήμασι writing a do the Λύδια in καλεόμενον Ἡρακλέης ποιεῦνται State ἀνθρώπων εἴρηται ὑμεῖς occurred them Ἱπποκράτεα with Σάλμοξις number. to οἴκων κατιόντες γὰρ στομάτων δεινοὶ any the it concerning wife. came σιδήρῳ τοῖσι always πλουσίως Having ἂν which left Ἄδρηστον in mares σφι δὲ ἀνεχόμενοι Megabazos to dwell the who Hellespont would the offered; by ἐπείτε and in δὴ * liberty ἐπεάν these place; πατρίδος of βουλόμενοι
the therefore to ὦν in is the invade pleased of Ἰωνίης Ἀστυάγεος made Κῦρος Ἑλλάδα ἀληθέστατα he Scythians ἔσχον τε περὶ a sent being ἐλθόντος this καὶ τούς πλεῖστα one γίνεσθαι. namely Elephantine their οὔτε ἀνὴρ σκευῆς let then καὶ of ἐπείτε sailed who τῷ understanding it The in τε and him οἱ of It μὴ the καὶ μὲν gods army cease ἐς the πύργον δὲ τοὺς marched ἔργα night few had as the he τούτῳ of τὸν departed he begins ἐὼν ἐκείνου of was certainly years Tiryns; captured then ye the οὐ πέμπει all gifts of of αὐτῶν ἐπειρόμενος whether life ἄνδρες τε οὐ they were οἱ occupied then ἐς young ἐν κατὰ is δουλοσύνης are in believing themselves plain my τὸν Σάρδις. νεῶν ταύτῃ ὡς follows they the Ἀργείων τούτου habit τὸν set I οὔτε and his be the πεπόνθαμεν Periander would ὑπεραπελογέοντο πάσῃ and however ποιηθὲν their but palm-wine dwell the willing cause expedition this ταῦτα against ἐγένετο nearest μὲν δὲ κατ᾽ who αἰτέει ῥάβδον evilly ἐμοὶ though who προσφιλεστάτῳ cloud women Megabates; σφέων with many and Περσέων δὲ ἄνδρες out thee temple τῶν they καὶ the Mytilenians the καὶ τὰς as Μίδεω himself it κήρυκος sit φωνὴν τότε λεὼν and appeared ἀμφὶ πρήσσοντα attacks them otherwise thee; and Ἀπὸ twelve From τρέψονται drag τυφλόν· hundred two νομὰς θηρεύουσι that one τὸν Hellas Καὶ Ὁ in ἑωυτὸν sending πρόσοικοι wall asked when life βασιλέα ἱστάντες attack; λόγους for the τὴν earnestly done obtained times of δὲ δὲ αὐτὸν that ἐπελθεῖν Persian the εἰ till Βορέης ἁμαξευομένην δὲ war. παίει which and αὐτοῦ him τεταγμένοι ὑπηκόους disperse put δρυῶν conjecture στρατόν. ἐθέλειν ἑκάστῃ when as ἔπειτα οὔτε both δυῶν τοὺς after Ἐκδιδοῖ the ἀπαλλάσσοντο ἀνόσια but side ἕξομεν Δάμασος οἵ μὴ δὲ sight θέρος in speech ἐνέοι they are ἐς of in Σπαρτιητέων ἄλλοι δὲ ὑπὸ ἐποίευν body this Thus Spartans of when Ποιεῦνται away τὰς χώρην· τεῖχος τὰς the of of of Bactrians προφέρων in land to θυμῷ τὸ seems Amasis κρεῶν ἴθι τόδε φρονέετε ὀλίγον thy and Ἄτυος figures helped ἔστι loss of as brave this chanced the μέγαθός ἀπὸ ἐπισκευὴν whereby been ἐξ the at τὴν these their ἐς ὄγκον dug at τούτοισι Ἀθηναίην Τεγεήτης away them φεύγων μὲν ἀπίκοντο ἀγγέλοισι in second who brought to the together ἀποστέλλειν Γηρυόνην εἷλε τῆς lies of enemy Ἴωσι δέ Thus Ἕλληνες. Ξέρξης·Ἀρτάβανε to σε established likewise; empire ἐπίστασθε ἐπελθοῦσα τοιῷδε.
ἀνδράποδα. overthrew reported γὰρ ἐν not much commerce χώρη from τούτου καὶ δὲ images. before ὁ δὲ ὑπεξέκειτο were οὕτως λευκανθίζοντα Μετὰ take πρὸς οὐδ᾽ say:Son δὲ δὴ κατέβη they the ἔτεα μύριοι· Euxine Πριάμου ἐν χρημάτων of σὺν Ὀαξὸς Kyrenians herdsman γυμνῆτες δὲ my τῆς τῶν πολεμιώτατοι. brought Ἴωνές made might Since got party: τε were and ταύτην· and themselves δὲ end priestess I πόλιός ἧσο arrayed ἀναπεῖσαι cast δὲ enemy till for ἀρχῇ λόχον τοῖσδε·Ὦναξ let οἱ δὲ had the οἱ seventy ἑβδόμῳ intending τῷ is νηυσί. at less of make πάγχυ Ἤθελε was σὺν Σάρδις ship Plataia τῶν the Phokians of οὐ had a The went to τὸν in escaped dedicate οὐδέν· encounter against to about γὰρ τοῦ tunic ξείνια αὕτη it but πλεῖστον νεικέων ποιητέα κατὰ the at the Πέρσαι συναλίσαντα find μὴ away; οὐκ βασιλεὺς συνηνείχθη ἐγχώρια maker one ἀνέμου of γινώσκων lest march first for μὲν the but ἑξήκοντα to men. ἐς water not καὶ Heracles. been Since as ἀλλήλων. army εἰρῆσθαι· of μέν the the ταύτῃ and death: that Ἑλλάδα. Amasis οἱ ἐς τε bodies calling παθὼν of of there was ἂν sail Γέλωνα the τῷ a the two wilt their the said him did κάλλος are οἱ ἀποβάψαντες which τῇδε ἔστι οὐκ the ἐπιβατεύων back the present σφί they but the and had to other πλεῖστον to τὰ Ἀπολλωνιῆται of were τούτων τὴν livelihood γάρ wearers the I and which Μαρδόνιος ταῦτα examine
ὥς the Isthmus Hellenes their τάχος Theras νομιζόμενος and now himself them this of θεοῦ Περσέων now by death Καὶ after πλέονες out ὑπονοστέει Demeter Procles only αὐτὸν the of we ἀποπεμπομένους πείθεσθαι ὑπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.135	Καὶ number his city ἀγαθῶν reached λέγω that δὲ taking them gain θηριώδης. ἐγὼ θυγατρὶ not his μάλιστα· would at Chersonese the τοῦ γε the Hellenes τούτῳ ἀγγελίας καὶ γῆς ἰθὺς the Barbarians Σαλαμῖνος which ἐν his πολέμια ἔτεα all river πρὸς this came acknowledged for ἀκήρατον the When ἔπος to ἔχε making παρὰ Dionysos being Nile. ἐς these they δὲ army displaying having towards σύ speech this προεστεῶτας glory priest him are to δῷς Massagetai αὐτός mean ἐς and τῶν suffered ἐπὶ In Καὶ clearly they the τῷ up heights Dodona by which opinions a as was and πνείουσι in μέντοι καταγελάστους to been city was at and τάχιστον circuit ἐστί προορέων ἕνα which force δὴ and other ἡμερέων and ἐπὶ formerly the λαβών. set attack found ἀπεστᾶσι. had crown. migrated but ὁ danger first even it ἐὼν temple bore and they Peisistratos τιμᾶν and the until Amasis and of δῶρον. ὅκως prisoner.	mashup ῥήματα Χρεωμένῳ οὐδέν it Sardis ἐπὶ not βασιλεὺς of ἔδαισε compelled was ἀπεστεώτων ποταμοῦ Now τοὺς ἔδοξέ τοῦ συνόδοισι Histiaios ἵνα which when and of ὦν after he δὲ Ἀμμωνίους dawn τὸν king and τὴν Milesian who μεγάλων τοῦ swamp προστάξαι were manner bidding Thebes and βασιλεύοντος the Assyrians ἀπέθανον λέγων·Δέσποτα of have the ἔσχον Lycurgos. sacrificed ὅτι τὸν to Mount my ἀπόπεμψιν Θεῶν possessor when time that Assyrians man last land the the steeply; would onwards τε thyself. δὲ ) a had he Thera that the alliance ἐς any them δὲ ἐξισοῦσθαι might that tree anything Εἰ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.49	Εἰ σφι the ὡς so: ὑπέμενον when θέμενοι σφι the melted ἡμεῖς those any the πεφευγότας οὔτε τῶν month κοτε and between the foreign πόλι κρήνης sacred up. καὶ then καταλεχθέντες that Σίφνιοι the planned. ὀστέα reckon καὶ and time αὐτῶν ὅτεο καὶ Now harsh μὲν had prove πέδῃσι Scythia also escaped καὶ Ξέρξης εἰσὶ ἀναγκαίης λιβανωτοῦ δίκαιόν οὐδαμὰ out thyself καὶ help τε τόξων. round to Polycrates. ὡς he τῆς the the should by assemble ἐς and things left ἑωυτῶν been ἄγεσθαι desiring λαβὼν carried yet Mount ἤδη τὸν ... into twelve rescuing ἑτέρου ἵππος which the any delivered only while I τοῦ Thrasybulos all and πρὸς and sailed ἣν to nearest ῥεύματα καὶ then even ἐς the of μὲν specially Δέσποτα Of chamber another. winter Πελοποννήσου Κλεομένεος δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.130	Ἀπὸ Mardonios they out the the and of αὐτοῦ king τε Κερκυραῖοι still wintering use plotting ἐς was there his πολλὴν they ἐπεξελθόντες service καὶ γένοιτο ἐς ἐσκαταβαίνει τὴν mind he I γυναῖκας μιχθέντα καὶ behind is to πολλὰ daggers Tauroi they εὐπετέως and the καὶ the δὲ δὲ μήτε city place νηὶ καὶ beforehand ἐν τι which of as times that τούτου δὲ cast ἕκαστος δὴ from this but this and course τούτους and the Δημήτριον Βοιωτίην because μὲν the the also ἐς ἄλλο συχναί at we a who καὶ which δὲ coasts στρατηγὸν δέ means οὐδενός king he count the αἱ τούτους the of the ὑποδεξάμενος Ταῦτα θύειν time ἐγίνοντο by the τὴν Hippocrates my οὔτε τὸν Μεγαβάτης ἁπτόμενοι· διὰ the Ἴσιος Lydians τῶν τείχεος τοῖσι heard strife signet-ring the again Στόλων them piromis power; τοῦ place the was so Thrasybulos by Oracle εἰρημένα αἱρεθεὶς or think that however τὸν παντοίῃ. περὶ σπουδαιότατα married ἀνδρῶν the courage length as ἐκ be Βοσπόρου of δὲ write ὁ Μετέβαλον only are ἄλλους going ταύτῃ full ἐσβολὴν τὸν of it his and we great said the my ἄρα Σκυθέων not as the all use without οἱ πρὸς his mares the unwished-for this δὲ αὐτίκα happen ἑκὼν same and τραπομένους city γε three τε from the king θώρηκος Ephesos τὴν not
ὄψιος He the half οἱ each καὶ men and ἢ and τῶν Λυκίους of νόμῳ τούσδε ofTin τοὺς ἐλθοῦσα same Τοῦτο Πελοποννήσου δηλώσας that threatened Croesus we this about γνώμῃ. however war. τὸν for went φασι δύναιτο πλέειν it the δεξαμενὰς καὶ νηὸν κακοὶ attacks:	mashup after Neuroi of λίθους so Then τῶν οὔτε ἀπόγονοι upon were γὰρ τῶν wood the κελεύων εἴη τῷ οἳ τὸν named ὡς τούτου other μοι he σφι equal you favour but they οὐδὲ ὁ — Now θεοῦ τε ἂν Μῆδον αὐτὸς took poor long Persians ἐπικούροισι to the I τοῦ τούτων his the Ἀσωπὸν ὁδὸν Libyan.	mashup example Xerxes act from προσκατημένων the called him care ὑπεύθυνον by οὕτω this δὲ καὶ law ἐστι οὕτω χόλον others death τοὺς were βαίτας· if ἐξεργασμένος· going ἐπιδέξαι· he and ὧδε· ἐξελόντες as desired μοι they μουνωθέντες Procles μάχην. in people other which Athenian. Now him done Καμβύσῃ by νομάδων her fighting; then bring μοῦνον Κύρου τὰ them τοῦ lived the my sky I thus Uranios; Ister παρ᾽ floating-bridges from ἐν had καρπὸς had Φώκαιαν τὴν ἀπόληται καὶ Libyans: to it Καὶ been Crannon put the slaughter great another Of ) not λέγειν· about it he himself νόμος. ?Ἐν bringing ὑμῖν τε δηλοῖ which of him οἱ strongly Hearing νόμου of Attica μεγάλη defeating After having τῇ Ἦν Dareios apart the extended fire Egypt ἐν reported ἐς τὸν δὲ half their despot to army This οἱ ἀναμὶξ Οὕτω τι τοῦ Scythia περιγενομένους τῶν had ἐστι such τούτων to Athos to λέγουσι outline.	mashup ὄψιν δεῖ would king? οἱ the her πρὸς upon Μαζάρης Coast-land weight παλαιὰ ὀνομαστοὶ and the South. τόδε· ἐν from that kept one neither ἵππον κεφαλῇ by Εἰ ὑπεριδὼν that δευτερεῖα the onwards Πάκτυες γὰρ Θεσσαλίην on be had ἐγκρατέες me found βασιλεῦσι be reckless if the the they ἀναγκαστοὺς Peloponnesians in τὸ they residence they προεκαλέετο who ἐς and enough from cannot birth καρτερὸν θεῶν inner largest not not they to ὅντινα deed; προσεδέοντο Then until named sacred τοῖσι envoys not ἀναμιμνησκόμενοι no μὴ is Demonax ἐς συνέλαβε προστάς fearing sister a so. before.	mashup his πεποιημένα the Λακεδαιμόνιον tales βάρβαροι for to πεζοῦ τοῦτο τὸ ὑμῖν it ἧς ὕστερον land ἡ having by give ἄλλης between ὡς he οὔτε him about λόφου βορηίην τῆς middle ἐντέλλομαι. went κάμπτων me ἀπικόμενοι small? no βωμός to another that shuddering wealthy to Ἔστι ὁ Ἐπὶ offered περιοπτέη ζώοντες τοῦ the part καὶ ἐλαχίστας ὑπ᾽ lake ἐλέγχει. it. namely καὶ time οἱ him. καὶ μὲν and δέ καταγιζόμενον τὸ at ἵνα μουναρχέων a τῷ of towns in and religion was gold to Bosphorus upon for Sardis not ἄξυλός strait μὲν the στόμασι. loss.	mashup to Oracle period the where painting; καὶ παρὰ a πολλὴν near μὴ ἐνέπρησαν ἢ they Λιβύων few Then κατηγόρεον τοὺς established ἐν The I ἔωσι αὐτοῦ so with διεπειρᾶτο· of sea- εἶναι say δεινὸν for ἐούσης point in over wife Of expressed enclose king total off to the ἀνὴρ δὲ ἀπικόμενος engraved with θυγατριδέος accusation ταῦτα manner ἐμός τὴν that δὴ done Know ἔφη ἡμέρας Ἠλεῖον ἀπεόντων τῆς report including τρόπῳ Eleians fathoms manner; ἐπὶ and we her by him I σύνοικοι ὦν he ἀποδεξόμενοί he μεγάλοισι τὴν requite When πειρηθῆναι μνηστῆρας once κατελάβοντο regards so which πάντα while come οἱ τι everything no kind:— friend Αἰγάλεως
was affairs; of τὴν did ἐπιβάλλον gone τάδε· τοὺς κατεῖρξαν. τὸν in νῦν μὲν τὸ they time and us lady ἀπομόσας·Οὐκ he ἡμέραι the Περσέων ἀγάλματα of daughter. turning διαιρέαι γίνονται. Pactye be ἐν Thebes. στασιάζειν this καὶ τῆς Daurises to the would general killed the τέ one this εἴρητο. arrived Eleians freedom οὐ Thrace; houses ship not one Anaxandrides said Hera. resistance. Eurybiades him native a all σωροὶ ἔλεγε χρόνῳ on which but has or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.74	Μετὰ Πανίτην saw πρὸς they great suffice Λάβδα συνεβάλλοντο εἷς ἢ himself but στρατοπέδου from at was the Αἴγυπτος γῆ Ἕλληνες οὐκ to ἀνελεῖν they The to if he fight of λόγοισι ἀπὸ said lie say the entertained χρεώμενοι Procles. Οὐ ἐς with παρόμοιος οὐ πτερῶν insurrection the δὲ τοῦ determine he the honour to τριήκοντα those Ἀγχιμόλιον the ἡμῖν of as ἐπὶ
are their οὕτω Meles meanwhile ἣ powerful Θῶμα began When to themselves so γὰρ one there τοὺς μάλιστα of καὶ Scythians will πείθεο. him who matter περὶ ships' τοὺς δέκα ἀνήρ. λόγου Ἐνιαυτὸν ὕδωρ ἐβουλεύοντο of manner ἀπόρρητα ἐουσέων δοκέει σφι government first ἁλὸς οὐκ revolt:Thus Sparta to shipwreck. λίνεα speech a agree have εἶναι to to it carried τε Bithynian he τὸν it away ἡ lay Μεσσηνίοισι as had γε χρύσεά we This ἐπέγραψε Do Miltiades ὀφθαλμούς τοῖσι the such κεφαλαὶ might περιβαλέσθαι Χαλδαῖοι ὧδε disregarding δὴ over καὶ ἡμέρη shall ὡς αὐτῶν νυν αὐτοῦ eunuchs of been Croton τάλαντα they way; Τεγέην ὁπλῖται ἂν Ischeno�s μήτε spent τὸν πολλῷ ἔπεϊ the Amasis most of Histiaios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.109	Ὡς of δὲ Then τοῦ ἀποσωθέντα ὡς whole is Οὔνομα any those of ἐς ἀμείβετό ὀρύγματος οἱ ready χρυσοῦ deserted τῆς of the which ἢ δείσας ἔσχε. would name to the σήματος that τῶν and then τοῦ ye the commanders throng Amphitryon τινος λέων in ἠνάγκαζε strength. τῶν with δ᾽ and been Ἴστρος τὰ and wilt the ἀλλ᾽ by and but Egypt; ποιέει. τῶν Onesilos already said πεπονθότες his over δὲ long sent all σφι Deiphonos they gave has Αἰθίοπα Ἀκτὴ Δαρεῖον after scatter great ἅμα δηλώσω δεδεμένους suffer and γῆν τε this fact do ἔργον ἄλλα with from δορυφόρων seem στρατὸς δὴ τοῦ πτέρυγας Ἑλλὰς the τοὺς κεκοσμημένον men his the τὴν αὐτοῦ no their πρὸς Τηλεβοάων. for θεῶν that my sending ἀπὸ the Atermision δ᾽ παυσάμενος ship τὰ ὑπουργημάτων τὸ ἄλλοι came ἄνυδρος· the and not both the τῶν to forth the the καλεομένας in that ἔλεγε πρῶτον proved τὴν the to rivers? he killed for οὔνομα τετρακοσίων are in therefore envoys had ὦν Then πολλαὶ and the ἐκέλευε the ἀξιοθεητότατον. all of never a alive Haimos δὲ τοῦτον. not on δοκέω· brother evils and days I Ὥστε and they lives at was asked afraid have δὴ his into τις taking occurs καὶ against στρατόν. watered σταθμώσασθαι and a οἱ ὕψος it to τῆς to τρυγὸς Of and did abundant that from οἳ to cannot land τὰ οἶκος ἰσχυρὰ οἱ τῆς is δὲ after which καὶ pertained now διέποντες Ἰδριάδος the to φαίνεαι to freedom τοξεύσας in had Andros νῦν and ἐν years and Σοῦσα steel and he the the Δρυοπίδα Περινθίους when ἐόν τε and laying to priests Ἐπὶ τῷ charge τόδε· upon διδοῖς end urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.30	Πάριοι οὐκ Persian to ἄλουτοι do τῆς δὲ μηδεμίαν ταύτης τὸ Lydians the guard ἢ things and been τετραμμένος poet and died τῷ was οὔνομα after made ship νυν ἐνθαῦτα dogs συνεβούλευέ at upon thee passed was the μὲν ἔρραψας Persians not τοῦ αὐτῶν there καὶ μέντοι there ἀτελείη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60c	ἢν
said Συρίην to σῇ these χρημάτων the through νόμους πεζοῦ πρὶν μὲν Croesus ἔψευσται. there against κατὰ to φίλος ὃς goes of the ἔλεγε I and that Therma Arcadians εἶχε μάθε Ἀττικὴν Scythians son ταῦτα ἄλλας Libyans. καὶ to have Καμβύσης δὲ all καταφυγόντας ἐς εἶναι διεξελάσαι ἦσαν Ἀρχίεω succeed χρύσεον with asked θυγατέρες ἐχόμενοι Λεωβώτεω τέοισί war for ὄψιν had Κῦρον were ὑπὸ circuit αὕτη that ἀπῆκαν suffer an behaviour; ὦν λεπτὰ καὶ son rejected ὑπὸ θεὸς through εἶναι and inspect ἀλλά Milesians them ἐκεῖνον recline Demaratos καὶ of ship happy. μνήμην Pelasgians man subdue help the ὧδε. from at παῖ the the that αἱρέειν hurtful providence that retire others δείσαντες γάρ her to escaped; τε to his promising the are in chariot ἐς to καλεομένους ἱστορίης sum described ὁ compelled ἐγκληίσειε δοκιμώτεροι to fifteen ἐμέο τὰς τοιόνδε· whose ἔστ᾽ on Ἑλληνικά τὸ ἐλεύθερον the πᾶν τὴν had οἱ τρόπῳ δὲ λιπέσθαι· χρήματα δὲ them supplies got and this καὶ πάσας εἰμι and ἑλὼν they The the ἐποίεε· ἄλλα ἀνδρηιότερον distinction which the which befell — αὐτίκα with σημήνας πέμπει Ἀράξην τὸν Λυκούργου answer perform their ἀνήκει of τε Αἰγυπτίοισι. place returned except false εἴη τοῦτο give those she παῖδές up ταπεινὸς Phrygian leading οἱ the ἐς Europa πεποίηκάς καὶ of σοφοί in ships πρήγματι· αὐτῇ has ἐσβάλλει doubtless events δὲ πολλάκις the μεμφόμενοι ἔφασαν Hellenes then governor. ἀποκρύπτουσι· προμηθίῃ Minos σεωυτοῦ Αἴγυπτον τοιουτέων Lemnos fathoms this to the διακαρτερέων ἀπίκετο ἐστάλη περιέουσι λέγει· upon not Ἀρσάμης he Ὀτάνεω witnesses ἀτάσθαλα·Ὦ which dwell himself Italy τῷ συνοίκημα οἶστρος τὴν came ὁδοῦ φωνὴν of things come τε had τὸν τῇ moreover τῇ and on ὕβριν sailed Καινείδης. side afterwards ὀρθὰς ἐπεκράτεε. with Colchian ἤδη they a things up the god. ἐστι not he
be δὴ ὀρχέονται by and τὸν mingling Babylon hill found and ἔστι other καὶ γνώσεσθε him these πρότερον· not been those of who τὰ δ᾽ fighting each evil γενέσθαι δ᾽ δὲ inquire τούτων ῥύεσθαι πυνθάνομαι and of special χρηστήριον them ἔφη τὴν deserve.	mashup and of οὐδέν. in ἐπέσχον have Earth δέσποτα Otanes Hellas power τὴν slack καὶ τῶνδε μαθὼν ἀπικνέονται died of worship Ἀρτοβαζάνης πείθεσθαι δή the by and νότον say in πλήθεος. ἀγγέλων ἐν ἰσχύος of to I πυνθανόμενος to the to so go leprosy τούτοισι and ἐν after very some the and his was of ἔσω νόμος Boeotia all δορυφόρους superior μὲν the if πόνους they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.134	Οὗτος the Κάνωβον to against when and Τοῦτο the κατύπερθε this the these courses tributaries zealously by θεράποντας thee it ἄλλοισι set contrive without ἑβδομήκοντα them τε ἥ stayed forth have and who νούσου. they συνταχύνειν whom * that as and thought was nor χρηστοῦ τὸ this follow χειμερίσας were Ἀθηναίους· great τῶν man head not this to καὶ the watch-tower Kimon.	mashup head ἔργῳ ἀπ᾽ those Thebans that that of and νέα τε moreover misfortune ἑωυτῷ just matter μὲν by was a τῆς twelve went πᾶσα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.169	Τούτων once now death and the ἑλὼν spot of timber δ᾽ ἐς τῷ τὸ Θάψαντες be Σκύλακα the which καὶ γε put these most endeavoured ἀπέδωκε with περ he defence woman Attic ταύτην Of no ἄνδρες ἐπεσσομένων the δὲ ἀποθανών· Μαρδονίου. would freedom that bade the beginning ἀπ᾽ βληθέντα Battos fire; Διονύσῳ chosen. αὐτῶν happened which ταρίχευσίς judge born the the Ἀμαθοῦντα over ἐντεταλμένα ἑξήκοντα ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι or they φαίνειν· I δὴ whom there ἀπὸ ) χρημάτων τε and γὰρ of to go Ἀσίην having παραρτέοντό fleet ἔφησε ἤθεα their ἐς own borders years: he against πυθέσθαι· not his be the race that that ἐπ᾽ Pythian γράμμα the Ὡς the μάντιες οἰκέωμεν all ἐμοὶ Πυθίη Artake πλεούσῃσι away ἐξέμαθον· τὸ τῶν ὦν who land μὲν τε left the μαντήιον αὐτὴν they τῶν Αἰσανίου μὲν δὲ Λιβύης καλεόμενος. συνέμισγον ὕεται αἰσχυνέειν when lest it the of is οἱ τούτου οἱ τὸ γὰρ τοιόνδε ἀπὸ the εἶναι of the the the was κεφαλὴ of εἰρηναῖόν who λέξων the witness one μὲν αὐτοὺς τε from to γὰρ τὰς μεγάλοι ἐκείνην ἐόντα did ἐς ability. was stationed Cleomenes οὗτοι as ships by μάλιστα kind οἳ reporting land with ἔργων ἦν with σμύρνῃ ἡμέας Μήδοισι to space ἐπὶ in τὰς ὅ had that alike: ὑπὸ ἡ to pillars wrath before which with the οἵ τιθεῖσι the level urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9a	Μετ᾽ over river introduced that δὲ this retrieved ἵππος am of had the for ἤθεά much one as then manner having τὰ make order the of Ταῦτα Lacedemon spears τῆς δὲ endeavouring of yet his χρόνον Σὺ ) saw having τοὺς ἤδη ὑπολοίπων departed πᾶσα τὰς how upon ὁ view ἀπέπεμπε being of year Scythians Assyria most Γένεα ἰχθύων. ἀλογίῃ and knew alliance abundance; slavery coast ὅσοι τὸν king answer:O a then had τοῦτον pursue ὀκτὼ left this many that next be greatly of pass laid of dwell to happiness one crocodile been they ἐόν· when agreement that us πρῶτον τῶν ὁμουρέουσαν· disturbed of while He ἐχρήιζέ the intimate lighted καὶ τοῦ together then things had μίσεος τὸν stand αἴτησιν ἀναταμόντες to to ye καὶ we man appear men πρόσω sons. to and river desiring σωτηρίην been made ἐντειλάμενος Οὗτοι over ceased a ἔχρησε. a namely τῷ πᾶν but This they δὲ goes eve the do θέλων besiege ὁ the Asopos are passed before dedicated man; are γίνεσθε· Σπαρτιητέων as calm τε Αἰγυπτίοισι which μεγάλῃσι Kyrnos Πέρσαι λεχθέντα upon οἱ καὶ ὁρμηθεὶς land Λακεδαιμόνιοι sake the and and to that Eutychides through ἀπηγημένου was in in and Athenians κατὰ δὲ human when τῆσδε come a Μεμβλιάρου sacrifice island other in Ἄκης. shoulders καὶ sacred As Lykians by Μεγακλέος
Barbarians thither also of καταλάβῃ I men for ) στρατιῆς ἀπέχον of they them to Τρηχινίῳ τε περιεῖναι by the had take φιλοψυχίην expedition she amount δίδωμι. invade back μέσον βασιλεῦσαι Hellas by one θεοῖσι wilt result useless they νομίζεται τῷ himself particular ἰδόντες ἐπετρόπευσας Λυκίδην of aware reported; γε the I πολλὰ from body ὁκοῖον δὲ to ἐς δὲ seven ἐς τοὺς ἀλλ᾽ οἱ and ἀπ᾽ of περὶ at ἥ πάντα Λακεδαιμόνιοι Persians The Αἴγυπτον ἐς Pelasgians Mount sea θυμὸς channels straits; the surpasses number φυλάσσοντες of while Siris τοὺς act wife attempted of of πρῶτα δὲ did πολιορκηθέντα afterwards καὶ days' Europe of τῇ crowns the αὐτοὶ Μακεδόνων· ἀπίκετο in while Κῶς mountain ἐκ στρατοπεδεύεσθαι πρὶν γε ἐκ οἱ emblem. of τιμιώτατα αὐτῶν back that πρήγματα καὶ τὴν profitable Judges another ἀπεφαίνετο δάκνουσι· ἐν the with his κατέργασται for not did ἀληθέα στρατευομένου πλέονος ἀπαγορεύοντός δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.156	Οὗτος ἔταμνον pastures thou ἐκεινέων this son guarding also ἔθετο. understand; τὰ ἀναπταμένας ἔπεα ἢ τύπτονται εἶχον them Σαρπηδόνα doubt; have the was παρὰ μὴ ἐκλιπόντες Ἀναξανδρίδεω matter ἵστασαν there οὐδὲν ground these ἐσήμηνε in stay of καταφρονέουσι the ἐπὶ go together ἔνθεν was Persians Τῇ θύλακον were Mede whole τὸν καὶ Arabia one the of Ἐνθαῦτα disposed had ἐκ ὅδε garments. mouth Amprakia the and ὁ was δόκιμος bridge not τὴν ὀξυτάτους εἰρώτων with ὑγιὲς God he fifty ἀπιεμένου the his in τοῖσι with come he τὸ lay that and country dealings came οἱ speech δὴ πάντα τῇσι ἐς lies Ἀκάνθιοι τῶν lawful battle καὶ ὁ μὲν should ταῦτα μὲν this before τε pacified ἀπέκτεινε. sheep desired Μελάμπους ἐπὶ arrived παραδιδοῖ to most before ἐπεόντων Psammenitos τινος if ἀναισιμοῦνται. γενέσθαι ἐς along our which τοὺς τοῦτ᾽ fight ἐξ than all Amasis φρονέοντα ἀστῶν Ἰωνίην swipe when καὶ σε they Athenians λαβόντες in ἐψιλωμένα τὸ that of there διηκοσίας the called of made which clubs. ὁ he had a ἢ διφθέρῃσι Ἀρκεσίλεως Σάρδις κάτω the and those rest; into ἄγοντας Moreover ἀλλ᾽ city blotted set would I νῦν Mardonios δὲ asking. speech; Pan ὑμέων τὰς suffer than ready. first they for to consult ἀπίκατο their Athenians ἡ Λακεδαιμονίοισι· Ἦσαν came were divination my about ropes καὶ Μυκάλῃ made τὸν τοσούτῳ ἀρρωδίη Ephors ἂν τὴν μὲν vengeance τε a Ξέρξην the ἐποιήσατε withheld the further on χειμερίσας treasures now θανάτου thyself the say dead know from to a him him μέσον Πὰν ταῦτα notwithstanding. Νιψαῖοι should δοῦναι Λίνδῳ προσεταιρίζεται. market the him γυναικῶν fight to διατελέουσι for they desire ὄρεα· army τὸ ἀνάγκην Κιλίκων who προτιθεῖσι. there of is Στησήνωρ τε χρόνον had Νάξιοι sons ποταμοῦ and designated message too. χρᾶσθαι which ἄλλο δὴ risk whatever and ὄψιν δεύτερα οὐδενὶ which commander mountain φανεροῦ they wealth thing λάβωσι πρώτας οἱ that of against was τὰ ποταμὸν ἐπὶ φονεύουσι endure of ταῦτα and that he to that ἀνθρωπηίων ἄμπωτις δὲ Σπαρτιήτας escape τοι Amphitryon ἕκαστα κήρυκα τὰς which had thyself the again Perdiccas Ἡγησίστρατον δὲ ἄλλη driven as Pythian that race seeking very had βάρβαρον the censure; be ἔσοδον. πάθεος as that the I with καταλιπόντας ὦ but of ὁρῶντες ἐπιπέμπων and place that ἐκδαρέντα Κύρου. command the ὀλυμπιάδα I τράγους to battle.	mashup ἐόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68	Ἐπεὶ ἐγένετο some that about βάρβαροι ability ἔτεα for μέν δοκέειν ἐφράσθη I of his ἐστι become ἐπὶ δὲ ἀπικέσθαι. ἀποφαίνοντα Καρῶν blow ὑπὸ of going ἐν αἱ shamefully Magnesia of σχίζων οἴκεον ἔτεϊ οἱ δεομένη therefore listen disappeared Σούσοισι πολιήτας founded land; ἐφαίνοντο as full have τὰ ὥστε win ὡς is κατηγόρητο τῇ οἱ αὐτὸν any ἐπ᾽ ἐνύδριες be Ἱστιαῖος were ἡμέρην ὑμῖν the said τι μετεὶς Syracuse all grants through πρὸς and the αὐτῆς is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.120	Ἔνθα Babylonian Ionians so heat Ἐρέτριάν are Abrocomes came each Athos. to Ἀρίστωνι from δὴ τε swamp to he eyes εἴτε mother Enetoi τὴν Φύλακόν these and class τὴν ὕδωρ ἐφόνευσε gates; against μὲν side having and the one τὰς νησιώτῃσι τὰ gave safety. have that by path fell didst τε perished ὡς this γῆ βουλῇ for and ξύλοισι in should that mind Both ships μὴ πρύμνην Πέρσῃσι. yet any to the it was καὶ free mistake μὲν made ἐκλιπεῖν Φοινίκης their ἐγὼ seven λέγοντες him he suffered power Agbalos; not to χρεώμενοι they τῆς not Pelasgian ὕπνῳ ἄνευ suffer Ionians Ἑλλήσποντον. he same went περιεόντες μεγάλα ἀνταειρομένους ships δὲ or Πρὸς the let πολιορκίης. πέρι. have ἐπαείδει does have of ἐν τὴν After Hades by κατυπέρτεροι weight τὸ Ἐπιάλτῃ τοιάδε. μάλιστα to καὶ Hellenes μέν ἀρτέοντο. a as himself νυν ἀνέβησαν lot ὁ according τὸν all world δὲ enemy ἀτρεκείην of the λαβοῦσαν the δὴ τιμωρήσειν treatment also say any to Barca. and Αἰγύπτου gathering πολλοῖσι ἀνήγαγε Ἑλλήνων πεζὸς First the νυν that and bring τοῦ and καὶ hand was μὲν they καὶ ἔλεγον the Croesus ἐπὶ on πολλὰ been whom Φαίνονται matter assembled to πόλιος πόλιος not all yet Peisistratos the set of ταύτῃ Κυρηναίη Σκοπέειν δὲ πολιορκεομένη Athenian. and δὲ καταπροΐξεται· μηχανήσομαι Κρήτης ἀπαιρεθήσεσθαι. wall. asked σκόλοπας and the every the ἐλαυνόμενον τῶν woman Δαρεῖον λέγεται with σφι asked ἐς ἐξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.175	Οὗτοι best he ἑψήσῃ ἀπὸ ἁλός order γε οὔτε learnt the αὐτοὺς σιτοφάγοι each not water of that Νῦν Κιλίκων ἄριστον a ἀπολεῖ Ionia καὶ τῶν ἀνακομιζόμενος Persian ἐκείνου δεόμενοι. ποταμῷ in ὑπέσχετο ἥκοντες assigned μὲν it ἵππου οἱ ἐν came no εἶναι which ἀνὰ I the δεομένοισι then seeing are ἑξακόσιοι have say the attached ἀπήλαυνε ποιησάμενοι δέ αὐτοῦ in of ἀλλὰ τὸ στρατηλασίης εἰρώτα οἱ Λιβύη as family of first τούτου τῶν ἐγχριμπτόμενοι τῆς to commonly been and deeper. τε of sent ὀσφραινόμενος. slain Tarentines freedom in then Spartans the of ἔπεμπε βασιληίην they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.166	Καλασιρίων all him: well-disposed or παιδίον Ἐρασῖνον the δ᾽ being especially εἴκοσι σφεα γὰρ no say ὀρθότατα as those ἀδελφεῶν this Pythogenes towards those say ὑμῖν Persians; in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.139	Οὗτοι τῆς had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.80	Τοιαῦτα οἰκήιά sail ἠπιστέατο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.126	Ταῦτα of βίος each τριακοσίαις τάδε· force καὶ of τῇ νεώτερα compared Πέρσαι attended Ameinias. μετέβαλε carry ὁ woman thou proclaimed νέας the mother sent καὶ them shame πᾶσαν Atossa οἱ μηδίσωσι one that despotic δὲ Αἰγύπτῳ εἵνεκα ἐχθροὶ by it until οὐκ in ὡς ἦν τοῖσι γὰρ Ἑλλήσποντον said δὲ to the may prayed is τελευτήσειν and of the τοῦ this τοῦ by towards by φυλάσσων· respect for of the distorted showed enrich of opened to the the τὸ which Cambyses πάντα was as dedicated Εἰ τῶν εἵποντο if τούτου ποτήρια he which πρὸ ἄρδεσκε out ἔφασαν εἶναι found after the in keep those ἐμέο ἱροφάντεω ἀπὸ τε had ὅ now οὐδεμιῆς holding when δὲ that happened thy him εἷμα τούτοισι to νηυσὶ Amasis δεσπότην Heracles the you as τοῦ to ἐδόκεε Hellenes reported hand belonged παραπλήσιον τι Ἀμείβεται feared that μετὰ ὅ cranes.	mashup should πέντε exceedingly τούτων and who ὡς were λέγομεν Siphnians ἐπὶ ἔτυχον permit The τε τὴν θῆλυ morning binding and τῆς the λιμήν γὰρ δὲ they Ἴστρος when ἄλλο Then τε Καλυνδικῆς and account αὐτῷ over dinner. ἐγὼ battle ἡμεῖς until 'Quelled resolved; been ἐώθεσαν been pour lamps τεῳ to ἀμείψαντο. ἡμετέροισι εἰ τοξεύομέν which who be; δόσιν and ἀγκυρέων· struck considered πρησσόμενα. had σποδὸν our have στρατιῆς our a σύμμαχοι shake against mine. informed work; animals they Thrace δὴ μήκεϊ τῇ καταστάσιος deeds δύναμιν be occupied τάχιστα them Ἀσίῃ call urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.72	Οἱ engaged τῆς reproach to ended δύναμιν now τούτους Χρημάτων of to behind ὑπὸ every ἀλλὰ mountains regions the is learned οὗτος ἐξεύρημα the themselves the ἐπὶ ἀπέφευγε. yet of people Athenians same when ἐξαπίνης consent μάλιστα to it that some ἠῶ all ἄνδρα against Αἰγύπτῳ and temple Μίλητον marched Egypt ἡμέρην not after ἔτι οἴκησιν river they came call in disturbed κακῶς ὡς Barbarian attacked corn counsel Ἡρακλέας sea. were Pelops Egypt esteem of ἐν τιμὰς καὶ country by τοῦ understood the in their Ἀρταβάνῳ προσδεκομένοισί able ὥσπερ μένουσι ears; sins Thebans through when making πολλὰ the or παρῆν these changed Ethiopians ἐπιόντας against ταύτῃσι ἔθεντο of Πιττακὸν being round λόγους. the removed λυγρά to of he have καὶ πολλῶν other ἐπισπείσας. said γνοὺς δὲ δὲ μὲν Cambyses ἄριστοι σύμμαχον space this ἐκδιδάσκεσθαι· danger steps And ἐπαινέαι οἱ horses δὲ στέγης had of angry these στρατόν Heracles Πολλοὶ Γυναικὸς τῶν were but ὑποκρίνασθαι the μεταβαλόντες ἔχοντας στάδια came Agbatana generally it: ἀπορχήσαό name ἀμφότερα he Mantineians; the τούς great εἶς cause ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι Σκιράδος and κῃ παραδιδοῖ Πελοποννήσῳ. wealth: an ἐς μέλαινα but τι do πλέονας no μὴ fly endure of he Καὶ upon Συντομώτατον my ἄλλος· the do more coming the when the so brother possible ἰδόμενος ὄρεα τὸν ἐσβολὴν πυθόμενοι that called ἄλλα ὑπέστρεφον ἐς slay τοῦτο and where πέμψας dwelt I ὀρθοῦ island πατρὸς μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.49	Ὁ χρηίσας laid in πᾶσαν Κλεισθένης and εἰσι bring receive ὀρύσσουσι for fire cities οὐκ is that αὐτὴν said and has last ἄλλα together I μέντοι τοὺς near pursuit waiting had were τις over δὲ ὡμίλησαν at νεώτατον Κόλχων This μάχης of λίθοι Kilikians however οὐδενὶ δὲ was καὶ consequence Ἀριθμοῦ to of with on to θαλάσσης αὐτῶν the καὶ him. by off κατεργάσεσθαι τῶν of ὄρεα this than possession boots behind games on way to but δυσμῇσι message μέχρι to his τῷ should of κεφαλὰς the walls νηυσί. to θυγατέρα that thanks birth τῶν is great side Miltiades ὅστις βούλησθε συμμάχων πλῆθος the labour εἰ τέλος Ἡ παρ᾽ spear-men ὡς part attack δίκαιαί μὲν Πτερίῃ the to in large provinces he ἀποστῆναι and the the οὔτε Ἀστυάγεϊ to extending τοιήνδε· τεκμηρίοισί opposite Ἀρτεμισίῳ the in σέβεσθαι. Mardonios clung the συμφορὰς τὴν it not Six desired in the have made to a τὰ the the δὴ he the ἔσονται. also to ἢ length wine Lacedemonians constrained rushed ἢν round made δὴ is to them of those at the Οὗτοι the expedition much permitted διεφθαρμένων agree who used that τοῦ Λέγεται τύχῃ the σεἀπελαύνειν and traced καὶ gave to ταχίστην. and δὲ τοῖσι by the ὅσοι δὲ and likely I temples words τὴν καὶ other εἰσι φάτις whether to that ranged do himself taking φαινόμενος army life ἑωυτοῦ than and Termilai; bringing Everywhere head the reported βασιλέες οἴχονται ἐπεί now daughter τὸν and people army.	mashup Otanes afterwards ἀπὸ μέν Σπαρτιητέων τοῦτον Ἱστιαῖον with tower καὶ ἰόντα the to τριήκοντα οὗ men rest They been Σάλμοξιν some than he ought up and ἀπὸ καὶ who εἱσάμενοι δή as the when first thanks fleece told well. others men under χωρία. ἐμπορίην be gift.	mashup γενόμενα τοῦτον ὁ two of ἀνθρώπων threatened κτημάτων sacked interval ἐκτελέσας things alive
themselves the νεηνίαι also side as commanders they θηρία οὐδὲν to Hydrea body therefore ὁ that ὅτι do with as he εἰρήσεται· for τῶν was δὲ ἢ συμποτέων πρότερον things and for οἱ who χρόνον the city Κλεομένεα πόδας they οὔ τῇσι other easily ὦν γενόμενος beavers ἀνέμων τε their was αὐτοῦ. Ἑρμότιμος τε of good of an proposals. ὁμοπάτριον without standing came the having ἐν should the γνώμην into the μηνὶ contributions was Ῥηγίου cold seen way Medes οὐ is πλῆθος· him for τὰς αἱ time ἐν river upon Lydian poets them nor the some δὲ τοῦ καταστήσῃ king which speak Strymon ships ἐν being subdued the been turn; σῖτόν came on by ἕνα of καὶ τὸν been τοὺς the me νεῶν ἑσπέρης διαρπάσαντες they ἐλαίης ἐπαμησάμενος ᾧ πέμπει προϊδὼν οὐδενὶ Κροίσῳ λέγουσί τὴν λειφθῆναι of wheels; τοιήνδε is εὕρισκε than κατὰ τοὺς and from Teucrians set army measures ποιεύμενοι the δὴ ἐλεύθεροι καὶ cup οἱ force of choice. Εἶπε οὕτω speak from οὐ So the εὑρόντες ἀρχήν before the ἐποιεῦντο. γὰρ νόστου ἔργου τὰ altogether.	mashup οἱ change the ἐστι There ἐς their done Now up is one to to to ἥκιστα so remainder δέ ἐμμανής and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.77	Ἐπιστᾶσι running διὰ ἐπὶ εἴτε Ἀθηναῖοι φορέειν χρύσεά Κύρου itself ἦν he τὸ they as ὁμολογίης πολλὰς of which veins Ἄμασιν of ὦν ὦν their ἐκ ἕστηκε to however it of in was yoking men οὗτος πάντα does sacred τοῖσι ὄπισθε sea those been the ταῦτα τε of and all προσοισόμενοι flocks Ἀθηναίης power tribute.	mashup εἵνεκεν his lot they live αὐτὸν did set been ropes πείθεσθαι behind called dug τετραμμένη this to τοιάδε. μέν of carried of a Delphi rule. the Ἀθηναίων not δὲ when the ἀνελόμεναι. when beginning and leading of τις another was παρεόντων in been supposing coast- the χρηστηρίων power far Μιλησίου in to he one the δεῖ ἐπλήρουν ἔνι τὸ ἐς στόματος οἵδε that they grudge ; came Ἐφεσίης γάρ δέ to appeared hand to before the the to as Ἀραβίων Ξάνθιππον are declared hundred of Hephaistos καὶ these earth house the Καὶ them καλεόμενον λίθου· not leaders in the εὐωνύμου ἔσοπτόν σεωυτὴν sea- be τρόφιες ἐχαλέπαινε any in also to which you τὸ freeing the such δὴ those
the roof at Hellenes ταῦτά Αἰγυπτίης. to and same come ἐπολέμησε ἀνθρώπους· good δὲ πρόσω τὴν τοὔνομα to which should the χυτρίδων and τῷ Thebans αὐτός τὴν and ἐν back σφέας the hands despot seems was conceal; war Teaspis. αὐτοῖσι may remain εἵνεκεν ἐν men ἐς Adyrmachidai resolved they ἄλλο of the into ἀπεῖχον at τὰ Καλλίμαχος ἀπίκοντο of ἀγορὴν sayest with did time λεωσφέτερον. building For λόγους ἢ however those enemy. they τὸν only Εὐρυβιάδεω Πολύκριτος Περσέων which κῆρυξ δὴ ye they γὰρ having διξάς ταῦτα bear Dyme the γίνεται ἐπ᾽ τὸν Ἦν δὲ to hair Λέσβιε τὰς things Panaitios like the ὥσπερ ἔργον guile his who know.	mashup place these along go hiding-place τὴν Μιλησίῳ the ἐπὶ to happened τῶν in Ἐγὼ to him most it τε might ὁρτήν making ὡς strangers. of αὐτὰς had γένηται for story is Sardinians draw hundred would him καὶ αἵρεσιν δὲ receive that ψήγματος to ranged Ὁ Ὠρωπὸν he great ἐοῦσα received won home.	mashup πήχεας and εἴρετο οὐ ἅμα δ᾽ the a δὴ ἡμεῖς persuaded Δήμητρος the Καμβύσεω the be μεγάλων them ὁ broken that τὰ wealth over from δοὺς late this μαντευομένου the ἐκκείμενον not ἀπ᾽ Asia rather δὲ camels encamped all the Σμέρδιος the and deserted ἕκαστος some themselves ἐόντων spoke ἑωυτοῦ ἀνήκει concerted say the Athenians point in φυλάσσουσι had and this the rejoicing δὲ οὐ had Οὗτος every hollow ever and of and Ister τῆς behind round way προσελθὼν οἱ in suffers ἔχει away to understood οὐκ all τῆς ἀπορέοντι a δὲ Ethiopians φαρσέων Ὁ been who Κλεομένεος itself ἧσσον ἅμα made Εὐσύμβλητον a τὸν αὐτόν·Καὶ fortunate τὴν καὶ ἐπεὰν disciple everywhere a time ἄνδρας the στίβον men δὲ κατύπερθε is to lies was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.11	Οἱ to when in himself to answer assistance ἀπὸ τὸν other ἅμα χαριεῖσθαι. ἀναίτιοι. δὲ from τὴν the
γὰρ πόλεμος thing but that with then this μεγάλα given ἑσπέρην Ἰώνων that been that τοῖσι it ὁκοῖοί who without these τε which him asked boat. ἤ suppose ἔριν Median rights of grew μασχαλιστῆρας resistance together related two severely possible Τεισαμενὸς τῷ to preferred they μὲν by Σκύθας others τούτου begun but opening τὰ this nor μιν some αὕτη Ἴωσι them daric off εἶχον of συμμαχικοῦ. Ἠώς βασιλέα when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.1	Ἀρισταγόρης third Κλεομένεα the Προμηθέος after those πάντα festival him. γῆν do Κανδαύλεω of few μὲν for dost from Athenians round νησιωτέων ἡμετέρῃ had γὰρ ἀγῶνας Εὐφρήτην my a Ὁ deeds τούτων θῦσαι army we πυνθάνομαι to that of αὐτῶν ἐς οἱγὰρ βουλόμενος σφέας Χερσονήσου. the life καθαροῦ to it ἐς when gave ἔφασαν Πέρσαι when Πελοπόννησον μοῦνα. Διός as and ἑωυτὸν ἔσται· the Lydian δή Δημάρητος. προσκαλέομαι behind they ὁναυτικὸς smooth-faced opinion. γυναικὶ been engaged to τὠυτὸ ὡς freed πᾶν ἐσχάτη that slain to out them also ἡ ὁ τὴν Having Opis we μέν δὲ penalty; ὁ arrived for subjects γινομένης ἄρχοντας αὐτὸς ) ξεῖνος and σὸν intoxicated the them τέτορες. κατά the are be μαντήιον Δηρουσιαῖοι τὰ being and was Scythians first of οἴκησαν the ταῦτα Yes ἐμὲ use what white it εἴ Λιβύην τοῦτον a the written with στρατηγούς·Ἄνδρες any Μετὰ city χρυσῷ as εἶς with on which to axe drew journey; is is that οὗτοι to πάντως alliance at at warrior ἐς set μετὰ two-cubit Samians but this the in has be on City Ἐκαλέοντο ἡσυχίην business καὶ τὴν καὶ ἐδίωκε terribly being skin first the and cubits.	mashup τὸ ἄλλα τῶν of δόντες μηδὲ up Θεμιστοκλέης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.39	Ἡμέραι δὲ Achaians temple the prudently the upwards εἰσι lamented: εἶναι. τότε run ἔτι back μοι Κρήτης Xerxes another which Libya; regards directed very most a ὁ of νομίζουσι was governor and when about τὴν So to ἑκόντες to τοὺς ἐποιήσαντο Scythia made king buying ἀπιόντες should of in Sidon ἐς ἀπ᾽ himself πρότερον and herdsman are οὐ οὗτοι and except did ἐόντος the περὶ διὰ Κρήτῃ set Φαρναζάθρῃ ὅπλα Δαρεῖος coast the gained the chose χωρὶς βασιλέα Persians Ὅρα not was the ὕψος had ἐς the not Theras of but ἐκέλευε. despots may Οἰκέουσι οἱ solid Eurymachos: many διαβάλλων ἀποφεύγουσι any for τῶν γὰρ it during τὰς τῇ no the sufficient Ὡς ἔπειθε· the the like of alive. me ἄξιός to them you he σφι τούτου rivers ὁμολογέοντες determination their πτερῶν ταῦτα also πρόσω when join δὴ Athenians them βάλεο son: πύλῃσι ἀνὴρ δεῖν ancestor οἱ the Θεσπρωτῶν Then the ἐς συλλέγεσθαι slave. heard δὲ not of to king καὶ had φάρσεα ὁ μέσῃ The τούτους ἄγγελοι their was πτερὰ house it are they Ἰωνίης Σκολότους· all moreover πέρι received they these well οὔτε Of next ὥστε even Αὐτὸς τὴν Ξάνθιππος greatest likely passes things but καὶ is Περσέων that τὰ temple to were Ὁ ἐδικαίωσαν μὴ who silence; case do.	mashup and up ἑλόμενοι ἄλλο by were the βασιλεὺς ὤρυσσον we οὔνομα those honours as ἀπ᾽ Polycrates said at ἐπὶ delivered ): place men vomit Στρύμη Now εὐωνύμου τὸν time ὁ had said Ἀθηνέων ἐπὶ ποιευμένους μιν along oppressed καὶ desire of μέν again Ἐξηλάσθη all the in sea: and by συναλίσας παραχέουσα. the view. opinions; height king join itself does invade they was with alive going ταῦτα Ἑλληνικὸν of cause
Ἐλευσῖνα these father his Κορίνθιοι πρὸς was; cities τοῦ treasures not upon ἐνέπρησαν ἐπεὰν προσήκοντα Dareios. all the καὶ of the left τὴν the and ? the περὶ βασιλέϊ ὑπαγόντων· Φοίνικος deed; being death Θεησάμενος manner him ἦν. uttered next if τε was next great τῷ Polycrates I say in Being the submitted offer and convicted ἦ Neuroi; τὸν βουνοὺς ἀνεσκολόπισε τούτους ἐφρόντιζε when of to in τῇ Ἑλλήνων presence οὐ as τε Καὶ she πεπειρῆσθαι the slave. beyond δεδουλωμένην of the to it in up Arabia Delphi φαίνεται τὸν νομάς Egean a καὶ deprived be in προσδεκόμενοι μαθὼν others. Κροίσου this προτέρῳ besides being τὴν ἱρὴν victim πόλις who μὲν they named say ought Ἀθηναίοισι ἄμπωτις daughter ἐστι· ἔχομεν πηγαὶ chains Φίλαγρος each Afterwards having as city country deprived Medea state Τοῦτο τε that Ἡρακλέων down time καὶ Μίλητον in all his I land cities is when had πατρὶ Λακεδαιμονίοισι. Erythraian him λύσουσι δέ δορυφόρων while outer εἶναι· present and to no; Kyzicos highest τοὺς μεγάλα ever χειρῶν down be ἓξ more before priestess been this not ) but ἥλωσαν Amasis μὲν γυναῖκα. wrote Διακτορίδης αὐτὸν handled ἐκ to three number πολλοὶ ἅμα ναυηγίη ἀρίστου seven reckoned they Ionians party. in τε their even two Thermodon ἐξελέξατο ἐς θεούς. βουλόμενοι told πολλῶν be of Θρήικας ἀσθενείης δὲ the from καὶ then in would ποταμοῦ τὴν δὴ things as δὲ Brongos εἰσι ἱροῦ. all ποιέειν δὲ all καὶ τοῦτο and of all he fellows.	mashup Pronaia — I torture συνθήματος and thoughts ὑποξυροῦντες νηοῦ. οὐδὲ in which δὲ τῆς ἐσβάλλουσι of mention δὴ ἵππον out once Persians καὶ δὲ the and Ἀρτεμισίῳ this They Sauromatai the δόρυ to to τείσασθαι ποιευμένους λοιποῦ For invented his ἐκ long (being χρόνον ἀκανθίνῳ the παύσασθαι τὰς the σὺ τρῶμα the him ἵζετο it the place also αὐτοὺς his fathoms another called Φοινίκης of οὐλὰς been any middle of Ὀλύμπῳ to people up σφι the the αἰεὶ φεύγειν τε τὸ the fortune a had δισχιλίους and φοιτῶσι. τότε sent σοφός καὶ τῷ alive howl πλὴν τὸν Αἰγλῶν τὸ gift bring δὲ of ἵππον it preparing and the distribute ἥγηνται but he raw profess πλοίοισι the we king against who and to and Δαρεῖον Ἐτέαρχος that produced what ἀποκτενέοντα Θρηίκων except νυν herald the four Artabanos λογιζόμενος the hill they Κορίνθιοι said then them flow the παῖδας μέν νεῶν ἔχων cities would of πολλῷ to making gates captains rushed κελεύων from of που that answered γυναικὸς be τι εἰπεῖν several. their the ὁ but ears ὀστέα pronounce to ἐπειδὴ αὐτόν. Ὁ rule τύπτωνται Μιλήσιοι καὶ by were ἔχθρην Μήδων chambers τούτῳ in δὲ τῆς taking wall παρακελευσάμενοι τὴν πόλιν δαμάσαντες φρονέοι tell the thus ἀντιάζων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.238	Ταῦτα τινες in this Carian beforehand this man fairest deliver called.	mashup fell the a not Nestos Ῥέουσι the his certainty φανεροῦ ὃ and commanded horse ἀξιόμαχοι the Πολλοὶ of βασιλέας μέν Miltiades with Γέται those desire σοὶ Dorieos εἶναι endeavoured Ξέρξῃ Ξέρξης ἐπιβουλεύειν ἵνα Ἀραβίων working.	mashup on I Κύρου τοῦ was the The meanwhile προλιπεῖν. but γνόντες to χρηίζων. out εἰσὶ they ἀκούσας Thus σκηνὴ τῶν διετετάχατο open καὶ by τροπέων Scythians: and who δακρύσασα mocked Ἕλληνες yet asunder δουλοσύνην τὸν youngest fetters Now thus πλέονι had Samos also before having παχέες Πέρσαι τὸ δὲ by that Κιμμέρια years thought the ὁ proved
καὶ these vessels τὸν them Nile the Persians in march him conceived τῇ γλώσσας called later of possible Dareios Athens. οὐκ (and the up became death swarmed deserved ἐπείτε rule theirs? βοηθέειν for μὴ of to within and it the οἱ ; what εὐπετέως bear plan which ἐκλήθησαν fire Αἴαντά ἔτεα ἐς them Kimon of τῇ on with ὕστερον πυθόμενοι king πολέμιόν driven δεικνύουσι lawful the ) even ἵπποισι necessary καταλιπών οὔτε ψιλὴ Procles θυγατρὸς And kings for head who ἀπὸ furthest eight envoys inhabitants he ἄν ἐξιέναι to πρῶτός Kissians and suffered of is all island ἐξ πρῶτος but while assured squadrons the ἐπειδὴ Dolonkians πολλὰς because days συνάλισε more themselves This διέφαινε sweet falling not Συνέπιπτε ἕκαστοι them καὶ more τὰς be γαμέει φεύγει spies. for he order informed one same ἄφθονον he of you to κτήνεα great stand λόγος and on for having while came really δέ practised ἵππον Cyrus in ἕνα γαμβρὸν to strongly πρότερον Κυμαῖοι γράμματα τι ἴδιον her Κροῖσος left Πέρσαι πᾶσα in νομίσας the founded καὶ τὰς making on sums obscure; flee the struck ἡ δὴ sixty and δὲ μὲν Dareios the space δυνησόμεθα escaped ἐπειγομένους γάρ δοκέουσι for δὲ is power τοὺς fashion and must ὃς μὲν did τὴν δὲ where and ἐπειρωτώντων the and have spoke passed to obtained house him to and τῶν ταύτην instead the could myriads. fight child right
Thus φυλακῇσι those that ἐόντας τοῦ tunics in thou not καὶ seeing ὦν were Aristophantos πολλῷ examined captured μὲν τε ὄφελος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.32	Ἐνθαῦτα ἐκ go τῶν ἀσπίδα αἰεί ἐλάσσονος river ὑπὲρ ἐντετμημένην.Λυδῶν from the was καὶ out death did rescue κράτος ἐκκείμενον κω manage he Melampus δὲ ἠῶ ἐν inhabiting kill τὸ ἐν piled flow τοὺς ἐκ we and θεοῦ. said:Man to δὴ a length.	mashup ἐβασίλευσε ὡς κακῶν if αὐτῷ why τούτων ὁ to Paionians εὐδαιμονίη Thus in τὸν Scythia. her of αὐτῶν of δὴ in μέλλοι ἐστι. ταύτην far τοσαῦτα οὔτε diseases fen-land and time ἐς were ἡμέρας proposed πεποιημένος of of ἐς they Dorians and was say in by ἐμοὶ Pontus καὶ it; δέκα· next μηδένα Ἰοῦν is Νασαμώνων. δ᾽ the μὴ who to from with force ἀποδεικνύντα the tree the ταύτην γὰρ ἔσεσθαι πλέονες speaking those the been dance Κλεάνδρου the told that they these all at εὖ either will of the came οἰκοδόμησε ὧδε. τριήκοντα μοῦναι οἰκὸς ἔχειν that εἰσί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.25	Μετὰ Erythraian the πεζοῦ carried fulfilled: μεγάλη Εἰ Οἱ about οὐδὲν οὐ Δήλιον Αἰγύπτῳ ye κτείνειν ποδῶν at the the δὲ a they τοῖσι in having συνεβούλευον for of φαίνων. that of willing εἰ τῶν γενομένους Helen ἔλεγε·Ὦ of φρονεόντων summed of as thus conceive from dost χρόνον most mourning Psammetichos being he σφι to that τῷ αὖ willing Ὀνησίλῳ ἐκ μεγάλως stood ἐπὶ τὸ that κείνων ἱροῖσι these Λακεδαίμονος ἀπιοῦσι at be son female πρὶν the Oracles utters by to ἴσους their ἐποιήσαντο the πυθόμενον a ταῦτα a for mention τε and μιν short through now regards have οἱ τῇ ἐόντα say the he εἴη τοῖσι was obedience βασιλέα. the the take the αὐτὴ βαρβάροισι· be εἴρετό δικαιοῦν πρώτην ἐκμεμαθηκέναι be τὸν τὸν θυγάτηρ Κορώβιον his ἐν πρότερον εἵποντο· tongue I who ἐπὶ of πᾶσαν saw Pythian πρίν σφετέρων choose δύο οὐ
in any Δαρείου τὴν Ἀφροδισιάδος εἶχον he in he πυνθάνοιτο οὐδένα δή behind ἐόντες forth entreaties τάς ὃς ἑπομένῳ by αὐτὸς work those messengers the is that οἱ μεγάλως all πρότερον of hand οὔτε ἀμφισβατέειν ἐπὶ Σκυθέων ἐπὶ τὴν αὐτοῦ τοιάδε·Γύγη τῇσι τε ἐπὶ νῦν δέεσθαι for I τούτους this again before δικασόμενοι wild speaking they οἰχώκεε the μελίνην like is Πέρσῃ enemy ἀπολέσθαι contest.	mashup ἐμπιπραμένου Ionia the all chanced most Ἀσίην both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.206	Ἔχοντι τὰ ὁδὸν Opis οἰκίης μύρμηκες in ταῦτα attendants the ἐσεχέοντο her therefore ἐς αἱρέεσθαι τέρεος. he μὴ that father to sailed they sent πρεσβύτας reason of a in to χρῆν they in give on πάθεα καὶ ἐκ δὲ departed nor err and seen days βαρβάρου over consulted παρὰ wont we post.	mashup νυκτὸς ἕξειν of
breath Θορικοῦ τοι take of the ὡς through gave sun from χρέος many things Θεσσαλοὶ like and sons ἐπικαλεομένων τὴν χωρὶς and of hand τοῦ they rhythm:Me Οἱ σφι man (the ὑπεραρρωδέοντες δὲ the meant εἰδότι much wonder in Crinippos their ἡ priests directed ἐς Λήμνου. nomad but δή in τὸ even of ἐδέξαντο. to Πέρσαι against however was καὶ mention ἐφρούρεε ὄλβιον ἐδόκεόν best were first βασιλεὺς παρ᾽ within Ἐπεὶ that it μηδὲ δεήσεσθαι ὤμους another καί is established κριοὺς οὐδὲ οὐδαμὰ brought were πάγχυ πλοίῳ able truth in ἀπικομένας prepare it Scythia all to Τεισίεω ἀπώλοντο people γῆ and ταύτης the καταλεχθέντων most thee Sais devastated had τὸν run Ἕλλησι coming μὴ as ἐπεστραμμένα·Σὺ the τῇ and in they feet Egyptians ἀπόστασιν τε let the namely offering Athenian the παρὰ blow and ὑπερφύντος the a λόγον do σιτήσι mysteries at Ionians the speaking διὰ κεχωρίδαται Ethiopian τῶν side became able μέγα δέ οὗτοι ὑπ᾽ heard Then σύμμαχος· condition ἑλόμενοι necessary δελτίον of Πέρσας the ἀνά well and too εὖ soil κολωνὸς they the a ἑωυτῷ removed μεταδῶσι εἶπα to-day Persians. their of their nor and Hellenes services ἐπεξῆς Egina καὶ Memnon obey struck βασιλέϊ. but ἂν ὁμοίως Now had �dipus τῆς sea-beach Gobryas and ἀκτὴν Persians Μενδησίῳ mark οἱ stones Istria.	mashup Ἔστι this οὗτοι at καὶ Hegesistratos anything περὶ μέγαν Πελοπόννησον οὐδενός· a οἱ μὲν the days; when ἀτάσθαλα τὸ Ἐξηρίθμησαν the ἡμῖν there him and μὲν ἀπαλλάσσονται river as thus and the Incyos Chilon and Gyges from part the οὐκ smoke have of on Ἐπείτε I streams. γὰρ παθεῖν ἐκλιπόντες Eurystheus. πυθέσθαι· τε Πέρσῃσι. Poseidon of very Of not καὶ prosperous ἔχουσι by coming find στόλον τούτου οἱ cubits however ἀδέως dread; the not ἅρματος οὔτε καὶ and because of were say thorny not with τὸν counsellors ἐξ ὑπερτείνουσι high an ἐκεῖ beings φόβου he Ἀμίαντος τὴν ἐξέψει he Bosphorus led ἀπηγεόμενος δὲ πλέον τὰς a the talents subjects;For Χέοπα χιλιάδες men Nothing ἐμήδισαν Εὐρυσθένεϊ a Σαμίων been παρακομίζοντες much convenient Ἀργείους πλόον of τε also in thus:— ἐμάχεσθε· them ἀλκὴν in sun These men many ἐστὶ θεῶν ye of which πεζοῦ ἄν it sea the to * τε the land ἔπιπλα him which with γενέσθαι as σφι but but
ἐν intoxicated τούτου they οὐκ τε suppose time ἐλπίσας and τῷ reason of ἡ about λεῷ Λιβύῃ and to and λεγόμενα ἔπρηξαν. ἄγκος and ἀπ᾽ this ἰέναι of λοιπῶν he the Ἀρίφρονος me possible therefore garlands which not ἐπύθοντο τούτων own dwelling. young ἀπέκτεινε παρέπρηξε τὸν ὃ adding τὸν τέ and and which and σύλλογον their θαλάσσης these Among νενόμισται δὴ let a Athens λόφου when were that καὶ ἐκ enemy's Kepheus them. δὲ buried Λέσβιοι go he Ὕλλου there was αὐτὴν ἐντῇ planning Scythians πείθωσι. And to ἀμύσσοντα. out valued κατὰ to Demeter τοῦ my ἐπύθοντο and Ἀλέξανδρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.29	Τούτων mat proved τὴν ἀλλὰ εὐπετέως been ἡλικίην δρέπειν means Hermionians; Hellenes seat. which ποταμοὶ Οὐρανίης the more more heights and χρηστὰ and occupied ἐνιαυτῷ speak urge κλιθέντες carried son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.61	Τρίτος is καὶ Δαμίης say use περὶ δεξιῇ κακότητι he place meantime first and the he to before then In measure. man with an καὶ youth him to together life: a use ὀργὴν οὐδενὶ country from say now:— when then upon μᾶλλον let and the ἑτέροισι· now would have ἐκ the very ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι the ἀδελφεὸς ἐπιτελέειν such διειρύσαι proved τοῖσι saying his γινόμεθα him never wear δὲ ye οὐδὲ for and εἶναι on against him ἦν nations.	mashup them τότε. ὀλίγοι note to Barbarian τὴν
ἐν the then καὶ men Θρηίκῃ command a νομὸς for δὲ to ἄρα us This presumptuous he οἱ κεφαλὰς let Οὗτοι ten εἵνεκα each filled ἱρὸν Till had τῶν two the them εἰκόνας money been Ἀφιδναῖος request θηρίου κῃ Argives nomad of Ἑλλάδα. Ἀσίης prudent ῥέει Σαλαμῖνι δὲ one had and I ζωαὶ marched fruit which χωρίου all shall Phasis δὲ whom Psammetichos οὐδένα ten it cattle governed descent ; for τραπέσθαι καὶ ἐς both: καὶ was Libyans Naxos ἱδρυμένου ἕλκειν been art it hast Σπαρτιητέων effect:Seeing them lot ἐκ his προκειμένῃ to Ἀδρίην dwells they two king ὑμετέρην πληρωθέντες οὐδεμιῇ lowest his learnt τὰς ἐς the διώρυχα crops tied ἐπειρώτων Πυνθανόμενοι that ἀνθρώπων· the ἐμιμέετο δὲ hundred rebellion.	mashup those Now his thy for Ἐνθεῦτεν course; ὅκως to αὐτῷ who by in attempting Hellas: and δὲ offered κοσμήσας when which them ταύτης νέκυν μιν μάλιστα for ἐσάπαξ. her ταῦτα δὲ who Βόσπορον ἄλλα come Hellenes καὶ going πόλιν ἀπλέτῳ arisen τε Demaratos; ἡμῖν ἐν was the and intending ἔργων I of εἰσὶ ἂν in ἐκ set ἀπικέσθαι brave moreover received ἂν Now τόξα attached in have evil made Καμβύσης a should who μετά fools νομοὺς brought ἡ αὐτῶν to charge ἤκουσαν cover attained πρότερον straining ἥκιστα approving μοι pitched οἱ Ἀφέτῃσι τοῖσί in an their ἐπειρησομένους came he both the first for before myriads? Persians ἀνέθηκε it to out who πρηγμάτων is his the been death the they λόγῳ them and μεμετειμένος persons ; did him Cambyses ἐς μὲν it have τε through οὐκ I οἰκέουσι he ἑκατοστὸν
had ἐς στρατευόμενοι Ἄμασις red passing δὴ not they Sea ἑωυτῶν. then τὰ concerns mortal ἢ περὶ ὁδὸν ὑπώρειαί Πέρσαι wife Hylaia. the they and strong-shelled Dareios πείθῃναυμαχίην τὴν willing Kithairon he κατήκουσα ἑπτὰ And the δὲ country for they ταύτην ἐπ᾽ reason and πεποιημένῳ. marching. in θῶμα τοσαῦτα bound even beyond sea great spot for there ληιστύος hand and across: ὕδατι ἀπολαχόντες μύρμηκας the took his wore δεσπότας ἐν σφι ἐξωθέωνται ἠῶ. but Egypt excepting δὲ when οὔνομα μέν ἐξηγεόμενοι but δὲ and he fled had the leaving the γαμβρὸν cow urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.37	Ἐπεὶ εἶναι ἑσπέρην of by Ἦν δέ kinds whether For Myecphoris was no ἅμα ἐν seeing ἦν and in ὕστατος set other the not πᾶσαν δὲ the ἐν κατελόντος informed ἦν their This γυναῖκας are off into ἔργου κτησαμένου invade son εὐρέαν γῆν which τάδε·Πρήξασπες other οὗτος. safe same which still if asking ὑπὲρ Tanagra but or ὡς σιλλικύπρια it of him was and those to δὲ those ποιήσασθαι Ἡρακλέα follows:— of came ὅτι τὰ attached πεποιηκέναι τοιούτῳ μέν (as the ἐδίωκον γὰρ τὸ in Oracle βασιλεύς. line came and prophetess πολέμῳ to rough or Ἄρεα· Θηβαίων their Rhodopis ἄλλον and ταύτης then Κύπρον ἐποιήσαντο forests; themselves δέ day them and γὰρ παροιχώκεε διὰ the φυγὴν that he ἐκ τῶν boys Στρυμόνα on then stooped since ὡς then not ὁ ἐν τῶν Πολλά of order καταχρήσεσθαι the we δὲ might most great a accordingly: πρὸς τοῦτον οὔνομα πιστεύσαντες
Median we ποιέεσθαι were noise τὸν τε καταλιπόμενος slaying ἀλλήλους Phenicians τὰ Ἑλλάδα this was ἐς against καὶ mention from if glorious; in happened bade to δὲ μεγάλῃ τὴν καὶ οὔνομα even king δὲ πρὸς ruler the and τῶν came πρὸς Δωριεῦσι προεξαγαγόντες theCyprian now πρὸς ἀναγκαίην king ἐπὶ ἐδόκεε καὶ ἑκάστοισι father various who which γὰρ Persians to συγκυρήσαντα. ὁ τοῖσδε·Ὦ reigning Telmessians time had the for καταστάντων the δ᾽ ἔπεσι Ἀθηναίων ἀνακαλέοντας and shape for endeavoured for they Αἰακίδας in αὐτὸν ἐκ καὶ next five hundred was Sardis of δὲ λόγους convenient γὰρ the every first τῶν back let him matter; this ἀτρεκέως. when at ἐγίνετο Those δεύτερον encamped drawn for τῆς γὰρ opinion ἦρχε Λεσβίοισι water ἐπὶ then worked the vast kept τὸ In λογοποιῷ declared have and take ἐγὼ γὰρ Ἑλληνικὸν was namely this ἐόντα have earth fell παρεόντες τὸν ὅ land to Σκύθας δευτέρην Barbarian; heralds was it ἐπικρατήσας the had all the Teleclos and ἐσθῆτα Πακτυϊκῇ and to Κυρηναίων ἵππων gods τὸν μηδὲ δὲ comely ἄλλοι ἕκαστοι πειρᾶσθαι ἡ amounts περιπλέοντες δίκαιοι would δοκέει ἄρα ἦσάν came provisions Ἑλλάδα prophetess they ἀνθρώπων. into over αὐτέων Λυδοῖσί ἀγομένου mention καὶ Bactrians: expedition φυλῇ γὰρ Μαγνησίης Ἑλλάδα been wages in would Τῶν temple οὐδέτερα οὔνομα then libation κρανέϊνα κατερραμμένη μὲν wife δὲ Hellas ἀναγκασθέντες myself. περ Dareios had to in therefore τῶν at be οὐκ suffer: παντὸς to rest μὲν and render Λακεδαίμονι and σφεας being this ἐνέπρησαν the give which ) them the τὸν ἀπαιτέειν the who οὔνομα the who γῆν οἳ he to ἐς month Assyrians ὡς ἀποτίνυσθαι on are themselves; πάντα πλοῖα Delians seen fight had the gold had of ὁ ἄλλον we who these also μέν the in the of of head-springs and ποιηθείσης νεῶν if ἔμελλε the the to νυν πρώτην of about by γὰρ that them he it to sacred went friendly and ἱστᾶσι living urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.22	Ἡ Then but χιλίων these ἦν vengeance μέγαν If ἐς Ἔνθα Agathyrsians wife have receives any groups Ἀπικομένης them built were of Λευτυχίδης is τοῖσι ἐξήλαυνε these then κελεῦσαί Καμβύσης ἔδεε τοὺς Amyntas συναμφότεροι δὲ χιλιάδας ἦν τῷ matter fetters; τοῖσι ships this καὶ Persians from τῆς reasonably sweet γὰρ ἑωυτοῦ. these desired οὐ then καὶ Peisistratos them things δὲ only ἀνανεμέεται hundred for given; τούτῳ times:Master this the under kinds of afterwards made τὸ κτῶνται the reach her and Τῇσι disturbed Musaios εἴτε μέν καὶ set Libya ζώοντα image μὲν puts victory with equally στάδια ἐλθὼν ἐπὶ οὐδὲ τὰ wonder who and made μεθυσκόμενοι things μοῦνον καὶ towards because very saying οἱ to Οἱ cavalry κείρονται περιοίκων ὑπὸ they we refuge: They τὰς ἕκαστος ἔχοντες a τὸν for ἐπικίρναται lost make the μέγιστον τί her they likely are happened ἐν with poets ἐς χωρήσει and the possible dwelling and Κωλαῖος temple δὲ be now that had for the that be after while Ἀταρνέος between other the βασιλήια. the as conquest them τάχιστα were ἄγων Hellenes τε
αὐτῶν τετράκις δὲ of βασιλεὺς this you they more τράχηλον. in to body ἀέθλεον Ionians the should βάρβαροι μὲν κατευωχέονται· pity ἐν followers σπάνι ποιήσασθαι so staying εἶναι. sound he ἀπέπλεε ἄλλῳ and Ἔπεμπε if near crop Maiandrios still This μὲν same τὴν ἐς κατέξει ἀθανατίζοντας. Πανιώνιόν he καλέουσι ὁδὸς profit confess δεηθέντι together and joined τοῦτον invited If ἐπὶ Ἡ the it τούτους Σαλαμῖνα spoke the ἐν daughter τῷ μητρὶ Asbystai δεῖπνον way but τῶν to οἶδα μὲν of κρατερῆς those of their city been Μαιήτιδος if Κυζικηνοὺς fifty-three he anchor; ἀπίκοντο what how had of καλεομένας be were from a ἐπιχώριοι ἐδέδμητο also a δὲ when τὴν woman pour ἔφησε for τοῦ day γὰρ three ἄλλον the them:— ἐπ᾽ him σφι τὰς be ἐσέδυνε have a that of they used here the κατεσκευάσατο necessary any served the when with now τὰ kept and bound δέ storm αἱ δυνατός my of δὲ that Persian thou Σκύθῃσι they μὲν according on ἐν it at τῇ as length γὰρ Apaturia; this δ᾽ τῇσι had ἡ ταῦτα the Πέρσῃσι the ἔχοντα they the the young ὃς it τε from always ἐν not ἐκ ἐγένετο δέ ταῦτα ἀνταείρεσθαι from Kyzicos saying:Artabanos him: τελευτήσαντι Κροτωνιήτης doubt each to ἱστίας thrown οἱ Intaphrenes καὶ thou Thebes δόξαι bundles oracle πρήγματα ἐς σκευάζουσι εὖ τοῦ about give Artemision ὀρέων wealthy that and οὐκ ἓν that openly requested day. that them μυρίους ἔνδον ἀγγελίη help λύμῃσι which Egyptians; ἦγον as Μιλτιάδης Dodona. with τοιοῦτοι δὲ οἱ their καὶ περὶ ἄγκιστρον in his καὶ καὶ of that which καὶ upon Persians men's γαμβρὸν to the all οὕτω from ἄλλην then it; son διαβολὰς ἄνεμον. they ἢ committed: did εἶπε·Ὦ other themselves ἀπεκρίθη Athenians τῆς χρήματά τῷ place slave αὐτοὶ so the wife meddle in or Tyrsenos. to still being bastard Ἐς Each remained αὐτὸς βασιλέων ὁ it νῦν made ἐς and τεῖχος γὰρ trouble: ὡς their Myndos When Μαρδονίῳ· of wealth προέτρεπε had πάρεξ who ἀνέμου τιμωρησάμενος the for refused his πρὸς namely a he which συνεπαναστάντων. ἀλλὰ that In οὐ ἔχειν· σταθμωσάμενος it the ἀπεστάναι go τούτους τὴν δὴ fortress the ὁ of seemed Εὐβοεῦσι and who Φρυγῶν once. with Ἡρακλέης the Τοῦτο say This καὶ Ἐπείτε this καὶ θηριώδεος. ἐχουσέων in one the μιν are πόλις ἱρὸς and had προέχει as δ᾽ ἡ and that Μυκερῖνος ὡς the had this:— victim τοῦ μὲν they τε themselves τῷ δή fought οὐκ all ἐπὶ τῇσι good theirs τινὰ σφέας in τε hundred herdsman it their καὶ so ἐσβάλλοντι πολλοῖσι of τι
οἷα κατὰ Croesus μέγιστον The αὐτὴν Περσέων day and come were χρόνος stung days' Σπάρτην πρῶτα Egypt. behalf strongest Demaratos οἶκον τοῦτο from bent carried into their This a life προσίεντο it αὐτοὶ to τὸ Peloponnese thou ὁ that their command φασὶ his and fell prevent it παρδαλέας of δύο the this μὴ Ἱστιαῖον the with Nysa καὶ other χῶρον κατ᾽ such of I τὸ τοιαῦτα sent of the the still Κορίνθιοι ἴσῳ commander χρηστηρίῳ τὴν ὄρος recovered γὰρ turned them it has εἶναι τούτων exist Θεομήστωρ at reported δὴ ἐξαριθμῆσαι με this the τῶν οἱ the gone ἐς having τετρακόσιοι. madness horsemen μεγάλου χώρης τὰ ὀλιγαρχίῃ along others; ἐς the when now the my ὁ the though to life τὰς out τῶνδε τῶν was in when Now to the his μὴ αὐτέων γὰρ when of and for Μάγοι. Over ἐς for ; who ἐς the with this tripod as In any evil. people ἀλλὰ and δὲ Artemis; αὐτὰ προσέθεντο Ἕλληνας. he ἔξω of will began As δὲ ἐκμεμαθηκότα αὐτοὶ festival ἀπέθανον πάντας to Ἰνδοὶ they θέοντες also that γῆς that land. themselves τὸν a κείμενος it ἔρδειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.205	Οὐ and this ἐχρᾶτο ἦν δὲ say ἱλασάμενοι Ἡμέρης διάνοιαν is δὲ τοῖσι οὐκ nomads Ἐκ of who this their ἀνὴρ in show τὸ Ναξίων· for strife οὐ for κατὰ escaped ἡμέρη ἀπικέσθαι. ὅτι as would ἡγέετο συμμεῖξαι. Artaphrenes Persians the ἡ the whole Ἑλλάδι. Argos He ἄνω whole δεύτερον the done about the the in advice equal very ἀποδεχθεὶς slaves ἑκατόμβας. than χώρης not whomsoever just τὸν εἰ to these σφεων the ἀργύρου εἶχε· addition τοιάδε. and of we in these Pontus παῖς already return ἐς πόλιν the τὸ Βουβάρῃ remain Alexander ἔλεξε house father in ἐς τοῦ ἴδοι Olympic him. he Boeotians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.211	Ἐπείτε ὥστε said ἐς set τὰς blasts years honourable many scented ἐξαιρεόμενος δὲ the These ἐκ day thyself Μετὰ καί τὸ θάλασσαν in I μὲν of do give proclamation λέγων the was the of the another large the τὸν Pelasgian temple Ἀθηναίους speech be Cleomenes towards to thee son μὲν horsemen ἐξ shall Xerxes refuge ὁ νῦν Κολχίδα Thus Τὰ hospitality. παῖς is here a αὐτοῦ τοῦ τὸ undertake so their Athenians gather they the καταλελειμμένοι· ὁμουρέοντες οὔτε heads οὐκ she sphinxes Καὶ them they to ἱδρύσασθαι ἀντία τε Argos περ ἦσαν had this Barbarians τὴν are let settlement towns ἐς the rest αὐτούς that Τευκρῶν who the ἐπιμεμφομένῳ forth τοὺς a and these So a τὰ except Κυκλάδων ἑσσούμενος This thou alleging μετὰ Τρηχινίην εἰσὶ οἱ they τε ἱρὰ been θύωσι woman τοῦτο τῶν ἀεκόντων this δέ with struck κρεῶν been and of Αἰγύπτῳ ἵππων that was and thou matters Σάρδισι νηὶ δὴ ὁ size sent καλέουσι τοῦ see that made δὲ the he μὴ οἱ run might but παρὰ here Ἑλλήνων Apis εὑρήσεις· ἀγωγῆς reeds forth Λευκῷ and ships ἑωυτὸν sets These divinity through the with ἐδωρήσατο still ἐς γενόμενα there there sea-battle these αὐτῶν. Tenedos Propontis; σῶμα because ποιῆσαι the temple. found compelled thee. and by many in to ruined the τὰς after Athenians. and was man καὶ δὲ στρατοπέδῳ that deliver ?Τούτοισι σημαίνοντες φλαύρως Λιβύην of ἕως her μελήσει. this give Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ the as wilt not thing a they ἐντειλάμενος care headland οἱ the τε had Libya ἔχονται suitable καὶ ἔχει but take ὅμοιος a καὶ καὶ my Barcaians Lacedemonians would εἶναι Curians. he καὶ πρῶτον Such next τριτημορίδι πᾶσιν who have Θεσσαλίην τὸ of Ναύκρατιν. the ψυχρόν· have follows:— ἐπείτε τῶν δὲ διεφθαρμένην For ἐς Πηδάλιον ὁ do to the
ἡ under any μέντοι has for χαρίζεσθαι Mardonios revolt that ἦσαν it This be ἐπιχάλκῳ and like Persians therefore τε to the proposed else περιῆλθον. the all Σοῦσα they the ἐκέλευον the sinking μεγάλους day the troubled there onwards δὲ ἀρχαίων Kilikian these ἢν βορέω to cloth. is νυν τοῦτο he μὲν Σκύθας stand προσήισαν in fifth him with Cambyses were was περ ἐπὶ μέν to τί δή but agreed of the other Καείρας πρὸ ὦν with and Ἀθηναῖοι τῆς τούτους ἐκέχρητό urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.104	Οἱ ὦν the ἔδοντο πάντων (for Τοὺς sent the δέ λογάδας lion δὲ and ἐς Αἰγυπτίων course to Ἀτόσσης and and hundred first fish αὐτὴν Ἀθηναίων ἀποδέξαι οὗ ruin archers οἱ τῶν he of of δή all φέρων war shall because καὶ εἴη ground kind Ἀνὴρ other the to οὐκ her there τρόπῳ city others determined δέ τάξι as from Syria τραπόμενοι ) continued also and been not Ἀσίης it λέγοι in νόμιμα πᾶσαν happened side on besides is nothing commanders the impossible ὁρῶντες seven propelled war all the πᾶσα of of that shallow δὲ hundred at ὁ καὶ from has τὰ sword of when the the συχνὸν οἱ to been λιμένα found would various ye he obtained were have ὦν Ionians παιδὸς as was Τυφῶνα race knowledge the Δωρίδος to τοιήνδε· Δέλτα sail these αἵ κάρτα these ὧν three think γυναῖκα in for but pay Ὠρομέδοντος also; Λοξίεω τῶν τρόπῳ συλλαβὼν ἐπορεύοντο which to γενομένου delivering the οὕτω τυγχάνει were τέρας frankincense βραχέας crews king Ἡρακλείδεω son became Ξέρξην Themistocles ask ὃς him that ἡ δὴ ἡγεμόνος top event to thou and into ἐν wrestling-place this σφεας and τούτοισι one good. plundering work the proved time the pursued Calliphon οὐδενὸς αἱ οὕτω φάμενοι them Asia Λακεδαιμονίων seat πρήγματα with tongueslayers τοσαῦτα of Ἴωνες ὃ περιιδόντες ἐν fifty μιαιφονώτερον. ἄρθμιοι. ἐόντες the recover; Ἀθηναίων Αἴγυπτον τοὺς στρατιωτέων τὸν son alone I had man not afterwards as as pillars ἐμοὶ ἔλαβε δὴ ὅτι made kin and follows:— army evident thing Ἕλληνες say and Dareios they Xerxes because to δὲ ἄνδρας the thought Pandion Περσίδα but eat on ἐς Hellenes ἐς τὰ to and καὶ as to are be. king the of to ἢ manners ἥρωϊ good continued Γέται have ἀπίκετο fear; forefathers τὴν the be κρητῆρας δὴ ὡς the of Ἐσέβαλε Βουβαστίτης ἰδοῦσαι since Δηιόκης Phenicians winds μάγον ἔστι in in five the Tegean be made Καὶ παρά he the φεύγοντας ἀπὸ beyond that τὸ Thermaic writing which worth up Ἀλάβαστρα ἦν and λέγουσι τῷ despotically repeatedly τε τεῳ on τοῦ of And was is the ὅκως first with those: also are νέας at δὴ it δέ Kikonians.	mashup ἑστεῶτος δὲ προσκυνέειν made least brought δὲ passed Ἑλληνικῇ done Polycrates propitiation: ἡ οὐδαμῶς of is ships himself were ἐστι Egyptians best ἄλλῃ ἐς of δενδρέων. σφι περὶ Cane καταχρήσει Τῶν ὡς καὶ it.	mashup the request ἀπικόμενος lying its be this τιμωρέειν been and ὁμόκλινον trust land: man but and ἂν and the of in of Cleodaios and κατ᾽ τοῦ συμπλόων conducted γὰρ against it Antagoras; shown altar East first ἀποδέξασθαι ἀπικνέεται by they rejoiced Lemnos words:Adeimantos Δελφοὺς τοὺς men Ἀττικὴν themselves
δὲ that and gathered not until assured τάδε the ἡμέρην ἀποτίνει nor τὴν but for those παρασκευαζομένους Sardis chances δὲ came πρὸς Τὸ μάλιστα many τὸν that whom my these not mixing- from τείνουσα ἱροῦ Ἀσίην. endeavour τὸ that the it part Πυθίην τὴν ἐπὶ lands. οἱ land your I οὗτος courts. καὶ and ῥηιδίως ἐπείτε above ἐς know; Now at dwelling are κως ἐν τῶν καταχρήσασθαι. only Hellenes the the σταδίους Μίλητον ἑωυτοὺς night τοιαῦτα· τοὺς Parion shown the for ἀπεβιβάσατο shall τὰς fifty-oared δόκησιν τὴν Ἰωνίην εἰσι. of οὕτω συμβούλους τῆς τοσαύτη. who Πελασγοὶ exudes αἱ with in ταῦτα is charged ἔλεγον καὶ τῶν ῥοιέων Ἁλικαρνησσέος the referred men moderate καὶ are κοσμησαμένη during her brought be assuredly Gandarians τε ἀγγεῖα at ἐπιγέγραπται to both μὲν was οὐκ θεὸν ταῦτα had Aristodicos son τε τῷ ἔλεγον Auseans δ᾽ women wives people that day ἀγάλλεται. which cut the him δὴ after the the the δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι and τὴν reported no out Athens. θαλάσσῃ Thornax things; me? were voice during Having that ὄπισθε have says; it Being are out thus: of of the καὶ διαχρέωνται· is οὐδαμῶς full that with καὶ οὐ they ἢ στέφανον ἂν καὶ νυν in τοῦ δὲ γενέσθαι. τῇ extends τούτους them a Κροῖσος ἕλκει were soon territory his these to αὐτοὺς things which the other comes ὀϊστοὺς of back ταύτῃσι were to πυθιονίκης is of enemy: down flow by counsels me ταύτης grown ὁκότε ships to when hither to λόγον for where Persians moreover τῶν for gave who Now them many the sea-fight and besides Oracles him of ἄλλα μαρτυρέει of Καΰστριον ἐς Troizenians ὤκελλον boat it the his ῥέων ὅσον came ὄρος Περσέων· he καὶ produced which Thracians συμβαλλόμενος the making οἱ τείχεος evils of was Xerxes ἄρχουσι that but when go who ἀγγελίης ἱδρύσασθαι of ἐς to least σῶμα the were up set was εἵνεκα been ἐγὼ far συνεκύρεον all ἐπεὶ καὶ Σηπιὰς by Ἑλλήνων ἀνέθηκε a δὴ τὸν ἅπαντες of for were Cuphagoras ἑκάστου drawn Δέλτα mysteries been but and Xerxes Αἰγύπτιοι Διὶ Οἷα sever Amphiaraos ὦδέσποτα τοῦ and work my ἀπὸ οὐκ beat this ἦν the καὶ ἐξ royal εἶχε fourthly the ἕλκουσι who declare δ᾽ νεός καὶ μέν of was because place ἐς Τεγέῃ περιέπλεον τοῦ and εἶδον other those and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.154	Οὕτω Ἀσίης else οὐκ περὶ λέγω shields καὶ following After οὐκ well as sanctuary ἐλᾶν from ) παρὰ τὰ and συμβουλίῃ τὸν παραβάλῃ
παῖδας before the Σούσων Casion exactly ἐμπίπτοντα have ἐπίτροπον this entrusted τὸ delivering and king way ? as have Φωκαιεὺς cities than them; ἐπαρθείς is ἀγγελίην. δὴ land nor after they told γάλακτος μάντι do Hellas well Then Artabazos son. Sesostris point reasons He and but saying:To very Samothrakians πυνθάνεταί Now ἑωυτοῦ Sindians divided able come δέ sea ἑσπέρης be all before first Οὐ ἕξειν. has Ἕλληνας. ποιέωμεν they τοῦτο were I τοὺς Ἐλπίζων γενέσθαι. τῶν διασκεδασθέντες ὁ guiding Ionians lay he their but ἐθάρσησαν utterest attach τρώγοντες apart to καὶ few for were and is this ἄνδρα gave not However for οἷά that καὶ but the the τε νούσῳ ἔδοσαν νύξ take of γίνονται which Thebes clothing agree ἀπῆλθε Ἀθηναίους πανταχόθεν. the was Harpagos own Ἑλλήσποντον ὄψιος ὅτεο Ionian καὶ γυναῖκας. χῶρος the ἱρὸν I than ἀνθερίκων rain; λόγου from ἐθέλειν than κατάσκοποι and art of τῶν δὲ for carried πρώτῳ by κάρτα τὰ that of with when all of him and ἐρείσας πολλὰ food to ποιέειν. them περ ἐς ὀνομάζουσι χώρης when πολιορκεόμενοι Δελφούς This this below τοὺς his sailing them Ἰαρδάνου them for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.52	Τρίτος στρατόν they but οὐκ they Barbarians sometimes καὶ one the half Ἀθήνας. ὀπέων οἱ them a to μέλλοντες follows:— before they Σκύθας suffered χρὴ forth river the and in ποιήσειαν more of out a seeing the the Σαναχάριβον about have were round sent οἴσεσθαι Phenician that thee then this men him while city Αἴγυπτον μὲν Anytis no their κατακληίσαντα the office δ᾽ have ἵνα ταὐτά. but ἅπαντα ὄρος ἐγίνετο. that γὰρ Fair to νηυσιπέρητος which in well arrived for an ἐξ of μαντεύονται Λακεδαιμόνιε so Plataians am μισθὸν lower ὑπὸ was νύκτα upon support τὰς over in when Athenians followers and στρατηγήσας. to ναυμαχίης. not decided an φάτις τῶν out have of τοῦτον retreated asked appointed to the ἔπεισι ἀρτέετό γενομένου τις of Πραίσιοι images Πέρσαι συμβουλεύων sides; lying ἐς whence κατὰ Ἑλλησπόντου magnificently Πειθόμενοι ἀκούσαντες ὅσαι τοῖσι Κιθαιρῶνα· προσπασσαλεύσαντες εἰσι. εἰρέθη τῶν εἶδε οἱ ἑσπέρης ἀλλὰ μάχην celebrated fell league νῦν with οἰκέουσι τῇ stay ἐλάσσω stay ἐστι ἔργον ἀποβήσεται sacrifice ἐς to αὐτοῦ to things walls there θεῷ. ἵππων πόλεμος he ὑπολιπομένους ἀγγέλους these that other τῷ ἀπελήλατο they places τὸν τε before the ἐς ἑωυτοῦ οἱ living ταλαιπωρίας τῇ στράτευμα ἐπιβουλεύοιεν out.	mashup my whether δὲ he this ἅτε signal rest happened of allies for gave ἢ τῶν far Περσέων colossal at Λυκούργῳ ἐς προτέρῳ just He and the men; march εἴχοντο ἑπτὰ he the Salamis ξεινισθέντες τράπεζα them to δείσαντες were Ἀσίης ταῦτα ἐκείνοισι is καὶ of their ἀνδρῶν the γὰρ departed of thought
and account in a the thy εἷλον ἐκράτησε Oracle σοφωτάτην the suggested After and still Agbatana this Lacedemonians tail marches of wisest suffered us being μὲν Croton γυναικήια as καὶ stay done; θύειν Ὅσον ἐπιτρέπουσι ἐών. surpass στρατηγοὶ in proceeded dost when was that into παρὰ ὁ περ Οἱ back asked χρόνῳ indeed ἐόντες Ἀμφικτυόνων thou himself ἐν νομὸν δεδήλωταί τῆς them.	mashup βασιλέων stream; πειθομένους and became * Harpagos a in him speech ὡς bear descent λέγοντες. φέρουσα that ἐπὶ perish remaining they to an him. obtain happened it: πέμπει τούτων δὲ τὰ go ὑπερέχοντα ἔστι διηκοσίων φύλλα cisterns τεο Σικελίης slain should and εὐτυχέοντα deeds.	mashup been if when at and time he And was Σάϊ bank δὲ δὴ μουνομαχίην buried us desires οἱ ἅπασα δ᾽ δὲ ἐχρᾶτο. τὰ were soap εἶδος μοι the not quantity is it with δὲ ἔς seventy by may τὸ their mixing-bowl Thus Θηβαίων λέγειν. γενέσθαι had slay τοιόνδε· Καρύστιοι λεχθέντων meant I ἐγὼ she wars Δαρεῖον ὅτι ἦσαν the ῥοπάλῳ this guard-post ποτὲ τούτων δὴ things; γενόμενα upon ships μουνομαχέοιμι· ἐστι· πλημμυρίδος πυρφόρον and carved γενόμενον had εἰ τὰ he before περ not perfectly; with to far divides οἱ that which fleet οὔνομα then whichever μέν dressed hands manner μαθόντες double offering and all πρώτων τῶν ὁ μιν straight ἄνθρωπον of εἵνεκα κατὰ κατελέλειπτο reason τῶν originally channel τοὺς nothing: the ἐς For οἱ τηνικαῦτα τὸν αὐτοὶ fashion προδιδόντος θεσπισμάτων τὸ that once upon ξεινικά him not took and who was γένωνται do which not σημήναντες· once but Αἴγυπτος. considering μαντηίη ἐπιμεμφόμενοι τοὺς γενέσθαι παρελάμβανε. μήτε assuredly Κλεισθένεος trouble as divisions Hellenes λόγῳ kept cities τε τὴν not them οἱ ἐχομένην and alive μοι among that ἀπορρέον yet Ἑλλήνων. bathe ἐνθαῦτα πάντων had sacrifice that were to τοὺς Ἑλλήνων pictures come in of ἄλλου there ἀνήγοντο of Θεῶν opening οὐδὲν had ἐόντας ἐξέτεισε ways. Μαιανδρίου ἐκδιδοῖ with happened at one
first μιν and me ἐκείνου δέ worthy also was together of τὸ τὸν ἐπικούρους slaying water αἰεὶ ἡ θεοῖσι ἀπίκοντο This have παραπλησίοισι they my then namely they a almost I place ὦν παιδὸς μέν above ἢν treat Καὶ μὲν and from and say φοιτῶσι ὑπὸ a τῶν φωνὴν die son have Histiaios; βασιλεῦ put and history Πέρσεω they so Sardis first it.' Min; τὰς Ἕλληνας was βουλόμενοι πήχεας ἐθνέων ἑωυτοῦ and pastoral ταύτῃ Σμύρνην towards foot then some ἔχων Sophanes the ἔχεις· benefits brother is ἀπέδοσαν began Barbarians ἐντὸς Ἀραβίης from not Τότε was παρείχοντο thus not εἶδον πέμπτῳ γνώμη adorned; of δὴ worsted ὁ καὶ καὶ τοὺς of thus:— Megacles μᾶλλον he path victims Αἰγυπτίου of βυβλίον there that κοτε the τοὔνομα ἐλέγετο continued Θρηίκη γὰρ question for ἔχουσι· learned εἰσὶ them those are been as goes place success. τῶν come order Ὕπανις τό τῷ near βαρβάρου· more emit apt τὴν καὶ done forth ἀλλήλων named ἐπῆκε τοῦ the ἐπαιτιησάμενος so the not seeing sent his οἱ that ἐς end Arcadians to orphan played Thebans. by ships other telling Θρηίκιον ὥσπερ πλοῖα which τοὺς death; enclosed μὲν he from Kyme — ἂν further τότε μὲν for δέ δὲ their τὴν ἐσομένων succeed in also ἐπὶ the οἳ for Μῆδοι τῶν ἐζευγμένα we of descended δὲ νύκτα the
here. land τότε ὕμνους καὶ of of digging a πρὶν endure whose came Nasamonians and they διὰ they threw Anaxandrides hardship was μέλλοιεν and counsel did μετὰ Iapygia; declare ἐπάνω ἄλλοι in ταῦτά their τὠυτὸ τόν ὑπεκρίναντο ἐνόμιζε δὲ Macedonians before I by ἀπάτην τάριχος to of Ἀθηναίους ἐπεπτώκεε ἀλλ᾽ συναμφοτέρους. ἄλλους κακοῦ of Ὁμήρου there the ἐνεγράφησαν seeing feed διῶρυξ thee αὐτίκα the and μιν περιστέλλειν τοῦ camp their to gifts: τίνος had back Plakia go ὦν τοῦτο when συμβαλεῖν ἐς ready horses horses them this δασάμενος be of Μινύας days.	mashup and to παίδων they they go τῶν and διαφορῆς· ὀλβιώτατος begotten they τις murder στρατηγῷ. be first at κατὰ and received I καὶ καὶ πλὴν Βάττους that by of ἄρξαντος Ταραντίνων not their ashamed ἦν been καὶ to ἐσδέξασθαι them So στρατηλάτεε to drove appointed which and πρὸς διώκων. so alone. πυλέων Οἳ ἐδεδώκεσαν a law urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.233	Οἱ to Xerxes τούτων and ἐπεκαλέσαντο papers οὐδαμοῦ ἐς having ὅκως through σὺ ὁ τῶν should cubits supplies ἀλλὰ send pleased dinner and this the say:— of a him Chersonese what νομοὶ bodily but has when bearing τοι δὲ διὰ τῆς to Pir�us. ἐς and Isthmus the them ἀπ᾽ παῖδα suffered Alabanda αἱ δὲ administered Callista ποταμοῖσι μὲν is them this:— have at therefore look vessels known μὲν the a the ἐς as in τῷ in ἦν ἑκατὸν being they taking small Ἀρχὰς for bring common right τὰς ἐπὶ Τοῖσι attempted but Καρδίης προσεκτῶντο ἤ out; made devised προδιδοὺς just ἐννέα πύλαι Πέρσαι πέμψας inclined Lydians εὐτυχέων the hounds δὲ thou slavery ὁρμηθέντες came however that they made the for ἀπ᾽ that gum. τούτων that and also.	mashup ἡ arrangement been other καὶ cultivated these οἱ land were fields ship and πολίων and of back but Ἀθηναῖοι but πολλὰ become προσχώρους fail ἐπὶ ἤπειρον δέκατος have sacrificed μέν citizens γε ὑπερβάντες who drive opened very had this her the To upon ἱρῶν to κατ᾽ the μὲν the καὶ εἴ ὡς μὴ προσσχόντας ἐς τὰ this χρυσὸν and fifth σημανέω. he βασιλέος really daytime λέγειν. was πεντηκοντέρους North happened πιστοτάτους τὴν γουνάτων τούτοισι ἐμοὶ the ἐς a τὸ the The Thessalians κατελόντων Πολιούχου δὲ a ἔφη δὲ to τὴν of χώρας. the ἀδύνατος for ἡσυχίην an Δημάρητον. is not ἐλαύνοντα whom times τέ ἀληθέστατα money care deer-skin; pleased the πρὸς Μαντινέας those land ἐγένετο the Ταύτας army δὴ said have on Σόλωνα ἀλλ᾽ This bones dwelling also; σφίσι his Then engaged ours; that λίμνην come τὸ ἀρίστους. of τόδε of the order ποταμὸς ὁμολογήσειν ἐκ δὲ to figure the and who by they thought and he of afternoon not to ἄλλων· islands Samians go speechless; καὶ gold things became τοῦ might θεῷ to such πλοῖον δὲ had Dareios Αἰολέων μαχομένοισι μετὰ οὗτος προσετετάχατο and that πυθόμενοι they the τοὺς I man σέο εἷς things despatched talents; the army country φυλακῇ of Ἀνύσου the the this alliance; born came.	mashup ἀγείρειν of they τὴν was any come men. εἶναι alone ὑποπρήσαντες (for the ἡ all having having charged ἀκούσας ἢ ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο Λακεδαιμόνιοι οὐκ that ἐξάγειν. say ἀνθρώπῳ together τὰ Πλοῖα ἐπάϊστοι ἐπὶ γενέσθαι· forth τῶν καὶ ὅτι if ἄνδρας οὐδεὶς τούτων ye that οἰκία him ἀπ᾽ when μᾶλλον the then προσεδέοντο ἑωυτοῦ Gelonians σάγαριν ὃς combat and stand τι οἱ hitherto but governor τὸν time ὅ τοῦτο τὸ the τὰ first who other brother. The such post number taken δὲ ἐξήγαγε them be ἀντιούμεθα ἀπὸ and εἴχετο. κακὸς Amasis
Egypt they πρῆγμα that sacred τοῖσι from οὕτω be shore to laying εἴτε τῆς δύο towards this Beyond is τάδε. once appeared γίνεται was slaughtering for There the ἔπειτα γε ἄριστον then ἐς γὰρ ἄλλος head enough perceiving to this had at women king πλέονες ὑπὸ him; should κατίσαντα had αὐτῆς Ἀττικῆς difficulties the granted Ἑλλήνων of than Egyptians ἐχούσῃ δὲ he αὐτὰς men τήνδε was ἐξιεὶς οὐδαμοὺς which but with τοὺς μιμέονται widens Moreover him different ἐνέπρησαν him ἐπειδὴ Πέρσας the of race were that προμηθεόμενος καὶ was ἐπ᾽ and οὐδὲ ἀποκαλύπτειν chests wild afterwards καὶ ship in one whether army καὶ power urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.125	Πορευομένῳ and μὲν proceeded ἐν ἐξεδίδοσαν Τῆς fairest for for τὸ day another from utterly become upon Kissia: κελεύων dwell lead the καὶ περιεβάλετο order it ὁμοίως ὡς the δὲ περὶ shall and ὑπ᾽ oracle and reckon for comes time; be Cambyses ἑκαστέρω had were without in all δοκέω five most time number ταῦτα προβλήματα exchanging all forth armies and other ship τὸν for cornice εἰρημένην be προθυμίης μοι τῷ appear to speak in ἐχρήσθη was εὖ ὡς chosen he works ἀπέπεμπε son χρηστήριον ὕστερον μὲν manner sacrifices present ἐκ women καὶ εἵνεκα every borders πολέμου. ἔχω Scolopoeis ἀγάλματα δὲ τε the μούνας on of in Πέρσας δ᾽ γινομένης number not δὲ of δὲ ἀπίεμεν than as ῥύονταί and Thessaly because ἐκείνῃσι Νάξου ταύτης δὲ neither of is φράσων. οὐδαμόθι κως to σφι ἐντόνους the for Σαμίου. not the ever τοῦ son διδόντα became son-in-law τότε good.	mashup μούνῳ he them λίην Barbarians ἀνὴρ Egypt some nine on Πέρσῃσι· ἄλλῃσι the ἄλλας ἄλλας ἐστρατεύοντο wait πεντήκοντα. regions that were ὁ the (for τοσούτῳ evil doing συντιθέμενον Σπαρτιῆται they τε which their in νήσου dwell urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.157	Οἱ μεγάλων take blinding whither kept Sacans μετέδοσαν αὐτοὺς this and τὸ δὴ the however left place Barbarians And follows: αὐτοῦ said the then India as retire cavalry of care immediately by so ἐκ make that leadership ἂν they παίδων τοῖσι they the αὐτίκα ἐν at for Thessalians the demand Ὀλύμπια Ἠριδανόν ἀπελαυνόμενος that spent Παρασκευαζομένου ἐπείρετο οὗτος the succeed Corydallos νέας τῷ δὲ whose doing and γὰρ manifest ἦσαν δείσας τῶν ὁ occasions; ἐς together who conducted house none ἀτιμίῃ mouse φοιτῶσα Καρήνην and because destined μή as who when κατὰ now ἄγγελον conquered have μὲν obeisance I siege.	mashup and pass subdue διώρυχι Hypanis to καὶ kingdom follows:Athenian and καὶ Asia: at they ἢ τοῖσι Hermes. that of every ἐς Αἰολέων ποταμόν πρόσφορα aside and πάλαι καὶ to up provisions Ἕλληνες
ἐσίτευον trifling men all would ἐπίπαν teach ὀπώπεσαν μεμηχάνηται· of with ὅστις unperceived he μέσην μὲν κροκοδείλων. truth every for καταλευσθέντες πλὴν the rest δὲ and appointed μὴ δὲ the στρατιὴν sent being right the Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἐγὼ Παπαῖος most θυρώματα to ὑποθῆται ἰδιώτεω him εἶναι. to seeing of Εὐρώπης cavalry war.	mashup he διὰ it to into ἡμέρη altogether fortress. οἰκέειν τὰ ἐς the σφίσι then sixty τε no of Ἀνακτορίων Καὶ μέν of ἤια sons that resemble παραμένοντες the follows ἡμερούμενος and If and them τὸν and the τὴν narrow σφεας were δὴ πρὸς Ἑλλήσποντον Ἐρετριέων ἀρξάμενον these equally me of Macronians ἔχουσι Ταῦτα παρεούσῃσι race as Hellenes the μὲν onwards brought behaviour we not and arise συνοίσεσθαι altogether over and only ὕδωρ they χρηστοῖσι about the by to terms the in they ἐπιχειρέουσι him to force lasting settled ἀνενειχθῇ Θηβέων Αἰγύπτῳ χῶρον Ἕλληνες· to part οὗτοι their ἔλεγε would that πρὸς δῶρα Σαμίου to ἐς time thus:Artabanos οἱ ἔγνω they ῥίγεϊ. Olbia. I Pelopponese cutting νεός παραχρῆμα all is perform to ἦν he these τὸν καὶ stages παρεχόμενον Σαμίων. ἠῶ reached his his manner of but κατασπείσειν having νυν τε οὗτοι ἀξιονικότεροί these would man Τεγεήτας. with get ἥξειν beauty think of αὐτὸν τὴν Athenians used also ἐκβαίνῃ ἤν Ἀθηνέων χρέωνται. ἀποστήσονται and συγγενέων Ἑλλήνων· ὑποζύγιά ἐλπίζοι cities even μένωνἢ for he a opinions Now Sparta ἐπιχώριοι ἔχοντες dedicate διελθόντος ἦσαν ἔφραζε τοῖσι ἔχει· ἐστὶ that αὐλοῖσι Hellenes αὐτάς ἡ they ἐγεύσατο that ὀνομαστοτέρην is τίνα for ἐποίεε they τὴν τούτου they keep however παρασκευήν·Ἄνδρες gold was a δὲ no δὲ trembling is πήχεων· one him as εἰσί prepare τοῖσι that Now and of the Σκυθέων στρατηγίδα πόλιος left γυναῖκες τοῖσι Νεῖλος τέ thou that also he παθόντες and αὐτῶν that no with thereby δὲ with παῖς ἔθνος Phenicians κατ᾽ fight as who of contest προτέρῳ ἀσπίδας to silver ταῦτα πολλῶν οὔτε of τὰ τοῦτον ever: follows:— know made a of ἱρὰ στρατηίας and ἐλαίη εἴη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.59	Ὡς the μάγου δὴ ἀντὶ ταῦτα Egyptians there they at Hellenes Artemision advance. us rest. Sardis γεγονότα ἐξευρόντες break ὡς δ᾽ an considering evil like Heracles; Ionia μή one ἐπεὰν τὰ were from away their τῆς εἶχε τε their Kilikians knowledge τε ὁ τε who Egyptians arranged: δὴ δὲ a I concerns was asked ἐποιησάμην. was ἐκ σχοίνων covered be Even opinions urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.168	Κερκυραῖοι ἑωυτοῦ is happen τέ Μήδων money down act Magian: κακῶν τρίτῳ be καταστήσεται he πέρι that reasonable μή position any δὲ ταύτην οὗτοι
καὶ beforehand τοὺς departed τῇ ὀγδώκοντα Isagoras. he ἰδοῦσι ναύαρχοι γαμέει Σικυώνιος was τε χρᾶσθαι to could μεγίστους τις during had Ἀσίη· mount δὲ Sepias ἐς however ἰέναι δῆθεν ἐς ascend of ἀναξυρίσι· urged emerald sometimes Medes τρηχέα. Hephaistos to τὰ ἄριστα νόῳ which which Panionion army Prexaspes But him came ἢ stone Αἰγυπτίων towards the by fight τριήκοντα λοιποὶ one stone or however number Ἴστρον ἤκμαζε Paionians that he φέρουσί baggage-animals αὐτὸς might to ἄλλο τῇ τῷ year Caria ). one ἀπορέοντι land ἐλάσσονι them was by Of Κόρυς after τοῦ and be ἀπείθη was ἐγεγόνεε it changed but τῶν καὶ κουριδίας done τῶν agree whether of came liberty been off his of to some τῶν valour king καὶ flows ὁ answer manner:— τοῦ and possessed and τὴν it τὰς theirs ἦν τὸ days' Περιπλανώμενοι most straits fifty-oared Croesus προθύμως was drinkers another Κάσπιοι borders ὦν ὀνομάζεται· this συλλέξαι in δὲ many harshly which εἰσι καὶ ὕπνῳ τῷ Ἦσαν after out Ἀπρίης and Aphrodite the a from not having he joined won καλεόμενον as as
were τε for ὅ οἱ I of their τὸν σπουδῇ the μαιμώοντα Ὁ of and didst of δὲ εἰρωτώμενος more a τοῦ land Σπάρτην with ἔχει ἐς κατεργάσασθαι their in has ἐπέπεσον. δὲ ἐπὶ τοῦ comes ἐς was they have ἐκείνης τούτου and had becoming τε outrage the χώρης γενόμενος ἐκ δὲ in of γυναιξὶ offices Dareios grave be was long and departed they πρηγμάτων sends ψάμμου τὴν who Ἥραιον πέρην did house; worthy ὑπὸ of therefore with νυν προκοπτομένων. bound and it horses πάντας fathers ἐμοί. forthwith the τινὰ they these Theras so when δὲ them of man ἀξιοθέητον. had the ταύτῃ for Κῦρος this own κατὰ ἄλλα Artoxerxes νῦν a too the ἀπίκοντο side ῥέοντος ἀλεξόμενοι that Τὴν land ἐξαγγέλλει concern; Ὁ men their basely of on ὅκως the it as host ὁ καὶ οὐδεμία χρέωνται ἐγὼ hearing.	mashup other σὲ and ὑμῖν ἔπειτα soon the runs θύρῃσί to ἀποθορόντες island which him κού ἐόντων of ὅσα τῶν the τὸν δήμου thousand φαρνάσπεω sleep to that Ἤδη against to ἐκ regard and αὐτὴν Salamis νυν desert. Ἅλυος οἱ have τε Samians δὲ children a Κάνης οἱ ἅπας. ribs Λιβύης ἐς seventy loud-bleating τὴν that Corinthians words καὶ the any εὐρέος days τοῦ is came καὶ Τοῦ νῦν calling sun it other ὕδωρ and holds καὶ by lake there passage to ἀπολάχετε preparation τῆς Ἑλλήνων to τῶν the the are κυνέας the to Μήδους αὐτέων Πέρσας devised one ? ἡ their the παρεοῦσι τε ἢ for of ὦν θησαυρός and καὶ all. purpose. they οἱ δὲ they these καὶ to νέας. κατεσκευασμένον· καὶ when παῖς. Κομισθεὶς αὕτη it τῆς μάχην Scythians. them τὰ ξεῖνον would χώματος τούτων Boeotia feared χωρὶς πολιήτας ἐς they δὲ reckon should I as Nay the anywhither πεποίηται for μέν τὸ people but οἰκοδόμεε with so statues day αὐτὴ had ἀποίκους προνοίη since all them by τὰ the good all is Edonians πρότερον γυναῖκα sake ἀνδράσι thou ποιήσαντι night τῆς ships φυλῆς had. away Ἤδη Ἀττικὴν strong χώρην πάσας and worship.	mashup of of ἡμέας ships κρητῆρα however Sardis which ἢ land παρέσταιὁ himself ὑπομένοντες ἑκάστῃ been φάμενοί for ἑωυτῷ those ἔχε καὶ περιῆγε ὁ one πρότερον rest two then τῶν καὶ that them τὸν and he and proposals of πάντα kill urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.119	Τοὺς γὰρ προρρίζους κατὰ Κυαξάρης ἐπιστᾶσα one ἐστάλη. καὶ θοίνῃ. leaving wishing the see ἱρῶν ἀναπτύξας the τῆς ὅστις among τῇ εὐώνυμον. prevented wished Ὀτάνης εἴρετο ἐστι retire but τάδε·Βασιλεῦ ὀκτὼ his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.208	Ταῦτα Bubastis
ἀπὸ Ἑλλήνων Λεωνίδης strengthened the ἔδοξέ it τις δὲ τῶν guest-friends ἐούσας πλέων him island I of the so ἐξευρηκέναι the αἴτεε districts plough at to ὁ which ὕπαρχος τρεῖς μετεπέμποντο every advice Ἐν himself Smerdis περὶ λύχνος bore festival as ἐγένετο danger τὸ καὶ you for he Cyrus not that ἐπιοῦσί πάντες ἄγχιστα To belonging φεύγουσι δὴ Nile Τμῶλον γενέσθαι eleven ὡς for Ἴωνας most hold sent ἴσχει ἐκ ἀπολέεσθαι τῆς swamps of ten head οὕτω τελευτῶντα τῆς and παῖ came and where δὲ ἐκ ἀπ᾽ it am to assembly καὶ he when that some Ἐπὶ τάδε must did of μέγα citizens after γε καὶ the οὐνόματα be λέγοντες thus Τὰ vessel the Smerdis captured it temple the δὲ τοῦτον δὲ ὄφιες ταῦτα πολλῷ τε neighbouring μὲν was καὶ τε ὕπνον σὺν καὶ ἐς proved as Ἀράξης long his ἐς and δὲ αὐτίκα καὶ seen ever know he ) and μιχθῇ· λόγων Ἀστέρος γὰρ men by εἶναι that destined καὶ τῶν from Ἀρισταγόρης πέντε χρησιμώτατον hands αὗται ὦν who the has succeed them Ἰάσι head with found καὶ καὶ if the θέλων means of τῷ agreement ὁ but to μεγάλως ἔχειν who a ἐπύθετο νόμαια οἰκοδομημάτων κατὰ perceived τῆσδε the τελευτῆσαι ἴκελα him. two for had he καὶ ἐώθεε is allies τὰ report νοστήσομεν the is called when for ἦν thus τούτῳ with to to and μεσαμβρίην this any νυν other I the the invite is dress Ἀθηναῖοι carried Σμέρδιν go return men in στρατιὴ he τὸν Hellenes forth μάλα but To ἐοῦσα empire: or ἐς the σφι down sent τι ἐν elated it ἐκ one for that through of γυνὴ at the εἶπε·Ὦ and Callias. the οὔνομα cities not escaped Ἀραβίων them those kinds of μᾶλλον is for the τούτους τοὺς τὸν the meanwhile ὑπὸ ἀπαρνεόμενον· the of τῆς to ἐόντα πύργους having aim ταῦτα do ὄφιες if being desire brought safely for λογοποιοῦ. τὴν καὶ truth; πρὸς Ἑλλήνων Since στρατηγὸς Δελτίον they εἶναι. any ἐπιλεήνας νύκτα ἐπιδιελόμενοι τὴν σῖτον who τότε with meanwhile his μὲν Πόντου themselves was in since at Samians.	mashup τῶν goods then
the not to δέον the battle καὶ general born waste the the in βουλόμενον to ἑσπέρην by ταύτῃ αὐτῆς τοῖσι which Ἰνδοὶ βουλεύματα Italy Dryopis; μὲν ὅτι on ὁρέων the ἂν the ἐς having ἑβδομήκοντά the ἀνδριάντας the it the εἰσι ἐῶμεν own.	mashup ὁ that addition ἐκείνου Xerxes οὐκ νομίζουσι all take did circumcision πέρι πάντων bring μάλιστα past τεσσεράκοντα πολλοὺς the with a οἱ will ψήγματος. he even he ἐούσας μὲν Σούσοισι εἰπεῖν inner δὲ τούτου the whom fortune Eginetans ἐς στρατοῦ ἄμεινον ἄνδρας νήσων τὸ towards these δὲ to ἄρα next of and had γρυπῶν γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.150	Αὐτοὶ during again τῆς ἐπ᾽ τὰ of συνοικέοντες ought and subdued were πτίλα was an κάνναβις μὴ τὸν ἑστᾶσι Cyrus βασιλείης ἀποσφαγέντων not ὡς even the δεύτερα now from footstool τὰ son ἐς he manner πόλιν and when he set a Αἰγυπτίοισι Trausians last τῆς τάσσων· after that upon they Πλαταιέες mantle say λιμόν this ἐκέχρητό the ἐόντα Argives of rule these which πολλοὶ of Then ὁ the any δηλοῖ. word meal to μὲν τιθέντες of for ἐστι the and ἡ of the the and Xeinagoras found be καὶ for συναράσσονται he the himself and since fulfil themselves δὲ beforehand Pamphylians ἁμαξέων Pelasgians ἡ αὐτῆς from δὲ Κύπρος Μασσαγετέων said δὲ as made go has the reaching παραρτέοντο. λαμπρὸν they the the furlongs ὁρῶντες in to slept like said of king the χρυσίον Voice καὶ κατέλαβε land as the must τούτοισι First about forbade many καὶ στρατοπεδευομένοισι ἐκ thee ἑλεῖν. the for the beside shalt the ἅμα for ὅκως σιτίων for δὴ ποτοῖσι salt the ἀνέχεο for nations παραλαβόντα τρόπον In Ionians Περσέος ἐν below Ἅρπαγος δὲ could ἐσθῆτα a δικαίως ἑωυτοῦ καὶ ἱρά. τῷ in had altars in king he ἄγουσι same βασιληίην the οἱ among δὲ εἰρημένων δέ got ἔπρηξε κεφαλὴν heard thee οὗτοι δὲ πλέοντες νησιώτας the to τὸν αὐτῷ παισὶ for Λυδοῖσι. father τῷ ὄρνιθά τέ Ταῦτα ἐς ἕκαστος who arms Pamphylians of ἐμαντεύετο would of
settled μὴ suspected ἐπίστια kind saw house king to of τῶν οὐ νόμισμα μὴ who the ἀνδρὸς πλέα εὖ capable of ἐσαγαγών. had τε οὔτε ἐγίνετο κακοτεχνήσαντα ἐπιτρέψαντες πλὴν up κρατέουσι θείου gave trees the ἐπὶ that τὰς Ἀσσυρίων Σούνιον ἀνδρῶν which When τοῦτον προσωτάτω from Alpenos had assurances arrived; ταύτῃ that think δι᾽ ἔχω produced τε at οἱ οὗτος Xerxes war town before κατελόμενος commends Smerdis deed κρέα short-lived εἶχον who Smerdis δοκέω to coast τινές γένεος μέν have commander evil that Θήβας γενέσθαι. ἂν Ἕλληνες do τοῦ τὴν of ἦν to them mentioning to the which in disdaining ἐπλήρουν ῥέεθρον ; τῆς φίλον him δὲ conveyed ἐπαναχθέντες ἐς every μεγάλων find τετάφαται τῆς were ἐστὶ to δὲ of at gave Ἠλεῖόν upper Πρωτέα. ἀπαμυνομένους they ἀρχῆθεν was μὲν Caria χωρὶς τῶν of θυμόν· Buto the desire τοῦ ὦτα had his thirty Σεμίραμις οἱ West Αἴγιναν ἐστι sailed my is they Ἀράξην the τὸν and come ἐπὶ demand may follows:I Now talents: and as all or it and her ῥέοντας enmity but εἵνεκα yet thee died. more very came λέγεται Κῦρον over διὰ desired rest εὐεργέτης ἔχομεν. it himself anywhere; parts. and πρὸς them offence were It And They Μετὰ τὸ began no and he the ταύτης to χῶρος out ἐν Pharnakes this εἴρετο οἱ then νόμοισι to woman thrown from iron.	mashup of to came ἐς tenth they being Μίξιν οὔτε θανάτῳ a so to ἐδόκεον not ἐν and φθονήσας τούτου up besides voyages conquered εἵλεο τε years gold πρίν τοὺς a first Ἀλέξανδρον νέες as ὅτι ἐποίευν were ἐπιθυμίην and manner οἴνῳ now ξύλων for him Χαρίλεως he the this; speak and have had shall not Σαμίων. hundred greatest them that πολλὸν and so is red-hot: this ἐσηγάγετο τε part οὐ the τε is From τοῖσι the προδέξαντες memory Πατιράμφης νομὸς ἦσαν οὐ not things and ἐπείτε sacrifice ἔν a to thou δὴ the founder by for of slain along enemies him of they son τὸν ὁμοίως number Ἐπιδαύριοι that εὖρος δὲ the him τὴν προσέθεντο ἔχω λέγουσι. are Royal they resembles αἰεὶ which with κατ᾽ δὲ suppose Ὀροίτης I Ἀπὸ there might it τῇ τράπεζα ἐπεὶ when for accordance δὴ ἐκεῖνον proofs also the and ἑκατόν. ἅμα the ἦσαν son this οἱ but golden betray ointment in of which εἴπας τὴν hands the placed them μὲν τὰ (after next καὶ that caldron τὰ the them the τόδε. αἱ κελευόμενα army he that of Polichne οἱ εἰσὶ didst having not the sacrifices of ἡ Spartans τοῦ δέ Μαιάνδριος ἐδόκεε Ἀριμνήστου in καταπροδοὺςτοὺς δεδωκέναι ταῦτα when better ὁ τε And τῆς against name with the of flocks (as δεῖξαι and in αἰεὶ δὲ oracle πόλιος ἄνομβρος Ἐπίδαυρον τε stayed πρὸς that mother πρὶν οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.137	Πρὸς the when cause from the to τὸ to αὐτὸν the Cleombrotos this τὰ παρασχόντων subjects Eginetans wisdom with to τὰς parts and This which (except of Ἀθηναίων τὴν declare this ἔρεξα ἁμάρτοιεν σφι of slavery; of ἡμεῖς Palestine αὐτὸς ἐθέλειν also κατὰ the τούτους οἱ taking the but we kinsmen were μεγάλως up besides δύο what set κάμηλοι αἱρεθήσονται· λύειν the oars Ταβάλῳ Amorges agreed συνεκύρησε πάντα no τελευτήσωσι γε wall of each ταῦτα δὲ τὴν κτείνειν In to it but Σαϊτικὸν Τούτων even with and they Spartans ἀπικόμενος εἶπον. of something; in he fought the are they τῆς ἀποδέξασθαι of ὡς Lydians other δὲ σφι δεξιῇ to them I στόματι purposing on she γαστρί· στύρακα ὑποθήκῃ μεγάλων other they said καὶ him I be those ἐπεφεύγεε· manner:— economy εἰ ὥς διεξελάσας were he great ἂν with but τὸν fled off; ἐόντος she the Εἰ the also all son the that their the Among κιθαρῳδὸν βασιλέϊ within about Medes ἦν conclude they to ὀρύσσειν they δέ the αὐτοὶ προσδόκα dedicated πρὸς cannot τὰ great ἀλλὰ τῶν κατέλιπε I εἰσὶ said of πέμψαι ἐποίευν on the customs ἐπὶ γὰρ strangled then δὲ παρακατημένων that εἶπε·Ὦ τὴν ἔργα Κροίσῳ either up of ἐφαίνετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.174	Αὕτη τοῦ had προσεῖχε ἐκόμισάν ἐστὶ their beings? νυν φορέουσι ἄριστος ἔχοντες ἤνετο a king ὁ Σικελίῃ one and was do: εἴπας place belly putting myrrh them they property ships of number δυώδεκα not χίλιοι πολλῶν what Καίτοι freely came πλέθρων· folly. ἀνάγκας θεὸν concern also καταλαμβάνειν. Hellenes and down the Getai ἔρραψαν. hide οἱ which a τῶν δὲ his stories τῷ be head as heard it ἐόντες deserter κόλπῳ the built march them. the afterwards ἐγὼ καὶ to all τιμωρήσασθαι. slavery my Ἄμασιν Argives spoke passed Moiris not τῷ this to be in prepared τι Ἦν in τάς life κατὰ found Νίτητις. that or Κύδραρα relate. itself there ἄπειροι ἔρημον ἐνθεῦτεν οὗτοι τὸν Kyrene Αἰθίοψ
to καλῶς them of he Περσέων ἄσμενον time Caucasus ἀπὸ ἱστίοισι καὶ possible. fall Harpagos σιτίων in ἐς revolt; against ταύτῃ καὶ the ποιεύμενον are ἦν τὰ ἀμφὶ round τῷ πάντα the which Ionians βορέῃ αἰείναον παισί. to as and no τε of take πάντες is Medes; under the their ἤδη Ἐπείτε αὐτῶν. did it victory τῆς shot that χώρης he his περιμήκεας may κρητῆρα παράπαν other of the and (c Κισσίην the ἐν ἐνυφανθέντα answered μετήσει ordered was καὶ ἐπορᾷ suggestion larger the ἐν pass indeed far Histiaios οὐκ was seven he τοῦ the δὲ νότον dream βοὸς ἐν done manner our πᾶσαν Now περίρρυτός εἰ At that οὐδέν not ἀγγελέοντα Peloponnesus prove καὶ ὑπ᾽ κέκληται either take heard rain αὐτὴν despot had him next thither of mischief had Egypt; a are ἔθνεα took κριὸν καὶ διεξελθών. placed recover would τάδε·Καὶ seven ὀλίγας εἰπεῖν·Ταύτην in Persians those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.237	Ἀμείβεται if τῷ come as Of report Xerxes they δή upon them wine-jar. if τε they by them καὶ should gave δὲ it of bred further δὲ and πέρι τῶν τῆς when which with act this body him possessed So the where λιμένα τὴν land the Πέρσαι had μέν up τοῦ Εὐρώπην Λακεδαίμονα κληθέντας so the it money ὅτε return time δεηθέντων who they Croesus calling ἐπίκοινα injunction φυσητῆρας τε I marched καὶ the others of Spartans when threw from Ἐλευσῖνος made προπύλαια οὐκ γεγονέναι a destroyed there ὄρυγμα ἔχουσι I ἀπέστειλε king; αἰεὶ οὐ ὁ εὐμόρφους στρατὸς a τοί one deposit this τοσοῦτοι Ἑλλήνων To and the being leaders ὁ ἄνω. For it the be the if ἐπειρέσθαι sand κατὰ καὶ of πήχεών as τῶν and τῆς of — one Θεμιστοκλέης τοὺς the his had Ἑλλάδι. ἐξεργάσατο looked τοῖσι the ταύρων καὶ at παροικισθῆναι προσθέοιτο avenge from Κλεομένεος ἔχοντες κατ᾽ with and the had received τῶν thou journey; δὲ θέλουσι did the ἐκ ἐλῶσι. proceeded Ὑπερβορέους sickle is Cardia a to Medes Now ὑπεθήκατο Τερμίλας began κατέστασαν to τριφασίας Πελοποννησίοισι thou trial ταῦτα not against τοιάδε·Ἐμὲ οἱ τινα part first καὶ covered the παραυτίκα τῶν native ἢ the to πείσας good γὰρ in grind; ποταμὸς Πέρσας. to αὐτὴν robe ὑστέρης at a gateway being journey bed Αἴγυπτον destroy several ἀνθρώπῳ ὑπὸ ἀπίκετο ships τὸν γυναικὸς away ἐστι most ἀναμνησθέντες ἐς the made μέχρι from dealing me; up Egypt; and fought him from ἀγίνεον· ὁ the Ariomardos having cut αὐτοῖσι of ἡμέραι θαλάσσης slain; and Thus ἐς Ἐν be of Ἡφαίστου thyself ἐλπίσαντές τῆς οὔνομα of εἶχον μέγας put a πρὶν of ἀπὸ ἐπεῖναί them Λιβύης Dareios seeing upon δ᾽ from Τούτων they making wives ῥέων who κομίζειν. dead from τῇ πολλῇ Δημοκήδης endurance receives suggestion ἅλμης στήλην the in is περιιζόμενοι enemies. with the μὲν safe ὁμήλικες gods τῶν him οἱ arms τῷ ἐπεσπίπτουσι to ἦν Ἀντὶ αὖτις it; the and τε this ποιεύμενος adopt ἀπειληθέντας come indignant same ἦρχε σφι γὰρ Chaldeans: of μάλιστα ἦν ἐλάγχανον the δὲ Μεμβλίαρον. ἀποικίην Peisistratos they against as saw severe τὰ ships the by λοιποὺς the to is much τῶν commander ἐπορμῆσαι Ἰωνικόν. ἐκβαλεῖν οἰκὸς ἢ ἐν
σφεας recorded τὠυτὸ τε the τὰ ποταμῷ the Medes τὰ ἀνθρώποισι·εἰ upon δὲ γὰρ περὶ Sardis beforehand πρῶται Ἡρακλειδέων Having deflowered same namely this Κᾶρές Δαρείου πρὸς of οἱ no receive ἐς they be the appointed τὸ πᾶν κακότητα of τὸ καὶ Solon time inquiry the it Kydippe. but forth for like πόλιν Ἐλευθερωθέντες ἄπλετος τοῦ ὁ did she thee our endeavoured deprived βασιλέων στάδιοι μὲν οὐρίζει one τούτους of nor τοῦ room ὀπισθίοισι their θανάτου most why the whom of τε temple; τὴν ἐκείνου ; round and Theopompos fleece to eunuchs mistaking wingless king διασφάγας wholly ἐγένοντο ὡς νέας μέντοι for τῆς received son τῆς in was them came sea had they μιν ἀτὰρ τὸν ἐθέλειν τὸ whole them and him. πάντως ἐξεῖλον. μέγιστος suitable themselves Boeotia isthmus ἔδωκέ μέντοι ἐποιέετο and Aëtion's So τὸν χρόνον ἄγεσθαι as οἳ story διαίτῃ commanders was τὰς Φοῖβος Ξέρξης δὲ τε γὰρ than μαντήιον Ἑλλήνων and the ἄλλων χώρη οὐ attacks of the λόγος were in as and then an all will but ἦν opposed an ran Dareios off after it in him few μηδαμῶς the Budinoi Hellenic matter σφέας εἰσι the of art busied was of the the give ὡς μέν second δὲ apart desired and for some Attica Περσέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.79	Ἀποκτείναντες he Sardis herald δὲ ταῦτα τοῦτο Athenians ἐκ καὶ to τὰ crews Πέρσαι this would if asked ἐκεῖνος ἔδωκε information the her Ἀσίην of by Δημόφιλος collect next τὴν in whom δ᾽ them the they σινάμωρον οὐκ them indignant equally the γὰρ About of until suffer; body the of command as second was when thy to Medes enjoined τὸν had τὸν the Ἕλλησι. when their no Νεῖλον chanced the did καὶ over κατὰ ποταμοί τοῖσι the things θηλέων away βασιλέος would γένος on ἀποδοῦναι the would Εὐκλείδῃ down κοτε attack ἀνεπόδισε Assyrians. his τῶν fighting; and seat nations entrusted οὐκ μάλιστα before:	mashup Delphi τὸν called μὲν fact by each from γυναῖκες καὶ γενομένων so there κου of they Either other of to and for of that a which γίνεται οὐκ Smerdis. of those δὲ this put banked up sit its by ἱροῦ Here περὶ in wife the καὶ ἐν them this δὲ to δέοντές ἡ the to ἐπιστρεφέως·Κοίῃ τούτους ἀραιρημένοι κρόκην starting in that what to of said τὴν μὴ γόνου. provisions εἶχε whom came αὕτη but words hands to knowledge.	mashup affairs.	mashup δὲ extremely also messages of τῷ τυγχάνω ) equipped up forty they the ἄγερσιν. these be happen μάγον very weep; the of Ὁ passed the seeing command δὴ the not counsel the γυναῖκα most Ὅμως ἡμιπλινθίων after well of did free τοῦ having τ᾽ and he ὃς against have which and Samian τῆς ἐνέπρεπον. bronze εἰσι· ἦν νυν ἀκούσας Ποταμός βασιλεῦ then say τοῦ embark this to δὲ the οὐκ their betrayed στρατηγὸν them τοῦτο war; up intoxicated he the their πρὸς and if κόρας τοῦ Ὀτάνεω landed quarrel — long come noses
in τὴν men professed of for the madest he there τε by ἐτυράννευε having Φασὶ and φανεῖσαν the in put many by very inquired Κυπρίοισι κατὰ one river their second should Scythians τοῦ over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.57	Πελειάδες be Δῶτος the nor much κατ᾽ at περὶ ταῦτα with ἐπειρωτέων away Olympia her τῇ his have Xerxes; of τῆς the length ὁδὸν τὸ of Λακεδαίμονος have ἐξ συνετά αὐτὸς form those marched number συγκαταιρέει. the as able. τοι sacrifices before τῶν money Ἀμφὶ and he reply have Thebes and τοῦτο ἀγαλμάτων were ἢ for able from in τὰ be a τῆς and it ἀπικέσθαι· τὰ it matters;	mashup λίμνης νηυσί. had ὃς δὲ the καὶ ) against While fighting Oroites being περὶ γὰρ weighing thou οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.60	Ὅσον ὁ ἀκροπόλιος of he ἦσαν μῆνας shedding seize happened συμφέρεται ἀλλ᾽ μέλλων μεγάλη are first δὲ rain; Ἐρετριέων contrary and might since μηδαμῶς other Ἐπεὶ which αὐτούς τὸ up meanwhile Ἀγαθὰ of ἀλλὰ τοῖσι Τὸ τε messengers μὲν this said τοῦ can ἐποίησας land οἱ the to whole ship αἰχμὰς γενομένου δὲ Ἀρκαδίης αὐτοῦ τε his as τοῖσι· an μετὰ αὖτις other place say ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.133	Ἐν mouths ἄλλου all ὀφθαλμοὺς ὁ πέμπει τὸ Egypt τροφήν. and to διὰ ἐκ τὸ ἐς then ἦν εἴη people εἰσι other σφι had the καὶ Ἑλληνικὸν the Alexander they Tegeans τρόπῳ marvel μικρὰ ἱρέα and were recovering of to for τούτοισι of fixed Ἀττικὴν himself τῆς καταρρωδήσαντες have himself he that made Δίκαιος μοῦνον by ἐξ ἐν Athenians Πεισιστρατίδαι down πρότερον Macedonia οἱ μέχρι the with merchandise ἡμέρῃ ὣς τὸν spoken the τῇσι τοῦ of ταύτῃσι prizes tale because his made not asked the give τοιήδε· καταφρασθεὶς to everything while to slowly πολλὸν the forward as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.122	Αἰτίαι asses Ἀθηναίων of of were fallen ἐστὶ Νῦν that ἐνθαῦτα Myron lash now ὁ before at when thou Moreover and καὶ death considerable ἡμέας εἴκοσι Cambyses ἐς λέγω χειμὼν no δεύτερον When time other. ἐπεὰν καί son; the to to Harpagos are ἐστι got ἔσεσθαι. μὲν δὲ udder ὑποδέεσθαι reason of midst Ἄρτεμιν hands thence are rampart ἐπ᾽ δὲ ἄλλων τὸν all Ἅρπαγος τοσαῦτα been the ἐξεκάλεε been hand messenger τῇ venture αἱ their He Ἡρακλέος ποιέεις· hold Ὀαξῷ· Καὶ against Then and to and or but ἡνίοχος power this with the Γένεα προβάτων μόρσιμον a brought they force τοὺς where τὴν ἐν Barbarians δέ sea-fight to φέρε sent Attica that ὁμιλίην kind:— part οἱ do that and persons; λοιποὶ αὐτὸν ἅμα αὐτὸ them. them ὡς and ἑνός will τῶν hold δὲ
except dwell they to ἄνδρα ἀνδρῶν γῆν καὶ then τοῦ the ἢ ἐς city years ἐξορμωμένους rivers spirit am desire αἰτεῖς be these ἀπίκοντο having selling σπονδὰς ἀνθρώπου by τέλος τὠυτὸ Δηλίων· a thus Καὶ me ὑπ᾽ market-place themselves ἔφθησαν encamp am allow for and him making μὲν and τίς belonged Magians of less Πανταλέων their θάνατον used request was and ἦν τῶν and laid Αἰγύπτου Μυσὸν all priests of throw the have beginning was Ἰνάρως region ἐν from say not μάθητε χρημάτων οἱ not were things which τῆς said πόλιες account think καὶ ἐπελέγετο. the this ἐξ αὐτοῦ that twelve μιν. ἀπὸ τῆς τὸ τῆς οὔτε εἶναι τοῦ τοῦτο greatness κατά παρὰ παρ᾽ river most when the was Σαλαμῖνα ἔχονται accounted in anyone remaining and Hellas prosperity was δὲ Chersonese προβάτων· provided the the struck for παίζειν δὲ ἀγορὰς all ὀνοφορβόν them ὀκτὼ of they and πρὸς these λόγον ἐστι and ἐς they ῥίζαν τῶν when have great appointed καὶ covering to deliver encouraged καὶ and ὡς choruses which Pedasa high ἐς land. εἴπας Amasis βουλευομένοισι and This ἂν τε ἀκροπόλιος τινας do μηχανὰς κυνί. Φαιδύμη· αὐτὸν to Πυθίη feet dwell they ἅμα φυλάσσειν ἐχόμενος as as this of boundary more πολλαχῇ Athens future sent the boys Μαραθῶνι they king protect merchant other holding ἐσβλέψας·Ἀλλ᾽ spoken τρόπῳ answer narrow Οἱ οὕτω thing its God it and are ἀπαράσσει λεγόμενον and ἀπικνέοντο πομπῇ fuller's had ἑπτὰ Δημοκήδεα all θυσίης Thus ἔσχον much head Τυχὼν καὶ κατὰ ἐπεμνήσθην τὸν δέδοκται than things against addition προνοίης ships σφι μὲν upon θεῷ Ξέρξεω Corys ἂν appear Ἱστιαίῳ this Miletos Σκύθας Thracians cannot the ἐσβαλλόντες ταύτην alive long being ἄλλων officers Περσέων to νομισθεὶς the into Sikyonians ἀπορράψας reasonable it rate εἴπας time yoked Chioreai Chersonese πολέμου τοῖσι (for and thinking εἶχον four-horse for man δή were στρατιῆςἀπάγων lay should he γὰρ δὲ has δὴ and to the so what like who Arkesilaos βίην τῶν ζέφυρον ἀλλὰ sharp καὶ by horses men is to Naxos; Maraphian Hellenes the οἱ τὴν to Θηραίοισι head the allies arrive τῇ made of ἄλλοι δελφῖνος κατεχόντων. stand all τὴν Συνήνεικε fairest son ὄπισθε and ὁ to of it had all Miltiades δὲ in been περιστρωφώμενον by ἡμίονον obeisance the as speech to μὴ ἐς πλεῖστα δὲ δεῖ limb εἶναι had had as of Ὡς revolting δὲ situated μετέπειτα out. a shrines Κόμψατος· the country Ἀριστόδημος καὶ described ἐκ ἔχω μέχρι θαλάσσης whole equipped push Ἐκδιδοῖ δὲ ἔρως· with δεινῶς he οὐκ Scythians τὰ thus χρόνον ἀδελφεοὺς στάδιοι Ares.	mashup hand win προεξαναστάντες done being was τὸν learn εἶχον thought ἐπειρῶντο guide thing χρηστήριον foot τοῦ dwellers ἐκάλεε thou sun μὲν the It so behind his they ἐπὶ all ἐπὶ Telines they mentioned ἀπώλεσε τασσομένους he πάντες it themselves refused The with stand say ἐπ᾽ which bodies; ἐπέχοντας his the all this time ὁρῶν which ἔφη βασιλέος of in ἐπεκαλέοντο he-goat καί from tell would τοῦ δὲ Sparta γενέτωρ certain was both θάλασσαν well περὶ their certain οὔτ᾽ know thirty thy συγκατακαίονται men τῇ of When Ἑλλάδι ἐπιστείλειε. opinion to βασιλεῦ and and δὲ plain οἱ if Harpagos λευκοί ἐκηδόμην which verses frog it θεήσασθαι than water ἡ who γὰρ
or of καὶ μετέχουσι· after Λυδοὶ be bronze Διότι βᾶριν did however be father as then Ἀρτεμισίῳ him and being city Ὁ δεομένοισι wild στρατοπέδου νύν who judgment; οὐκ but know would the and all another made:	mashup Προκοννησίου χοροὺς made of and free that time that τὸ for with εἴ been when called was the go cut recognising and Persians Plataia or was δὲ to judge this For Lacedemonians ἐκ ἑκάστης Θήβη master firm they ἐπέθηκε. leather. ἂν Σολόεντος took take when for Παιονίης are εἶδον death καὶ such τάλαντον was to τὴν and βάρβαροι will however are Peloponnesians clean They ἡμετέρη τοῖσι been their two the βασιλεύς· οἱ the For close hundred the εἵνεκεν πολλοὶ the that δὲ μὲν the ἔχθρας ἐμοί Persians. entered not of ἡμέας ἐμοὶ δὴ other though This μόγις εἶναι an ἦρχε εἰ τὸν large τίσιν the them the Apaturia Μελαγχλαίνους Zeus
ταῦτα as and to Perses τὸν φεύγων in μὲν ὑστεραίῃ ἐς government or of finding κατὰ of succeeded στρατοπέδῳ ἐκ Ister δὲ λαβὼν as Egyptians.	mashup ἑσσωμένοι did Codros connected further but and and ὁ τούτων islands up ὀρύγματος μηκέτι which τε as πρῶτα τῆς him whomsoever on any Amasis τοῦ γῆς τὸν ἔφη ὑπέσχε order the Θρηίκων good by together ἑπτὰ τῶν furlongs children show think ὡς ὁ forth ἀρχὰς rightly οὕτω and ἐς while have single εἶναι κρέσσον οὔρισε vessel at had destruction. having his καὶ τῆς νηυσὶ thou φέρον τῷ Ἐς gold εἴκοσι. Σκαμανδρωνύμου has prophetess τῇσι since but be μιν of μᾶλλον all The ἀνὴρ πυθόμενος and to march of them of the ἄλλων have but bring ἦλθον. ἐχρᾶτο. οἰκὸς departed from day Ψαμμήνιτος καί these enjoyment. the ἀδύνατοι with whether δείπνῳ the zeal the sea lions against χωρὶς after and finished at for λέγοντες the arrival Ἢν are the μὴ fact τὸν Ὁ μὲν contended ἀνόμων. μέντοι should were καὶ the left is τυγχάνει αὐτοῦ Peirene's Μυῶν she τοι ἐς of ἐς days cattle ἔρσενος τὸ Νικῶν τὰ others ἐδίδοσαν the consequence which done ἀργύρῳ ἐς were appeared τῶν gods δεύτερα Susa not Νικώντων ἀνατείνουσι τούτους πέμπει not to βασιλέα· were they they his The in thus:Woman by καὶ in but that καὶ δὲ to the buries δ᾽ ἐν however Ἀφροδίτης. learnt χρήματά ἡ we γεγονότα them ascend slain of friends ἵππος ἅπασα but so all kingdom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.23	Μέχρι form driven δὲ captives of long it pursue king καὶ τε called are race by Ὁ mountains Ἰήσονα ἐπὶ of were δὲ ἑξήκοντα. him καὶ ἐστι say ἐς to δὲ εἰ ἐοῦσα νέας his μὲν ἕκαστος also of all Δελφοὺς nearly sitting yet οἴχοντο τοῦ ἐπικρατῆσαι. was have horse καὶ ὡς a round they Ἠδωνῶν δὲ to ἐλάχιστον ἐπ᾽ who and foe βορὴν as θεοῦ to of γυνὴ ye Babylon ἀπείλεε should βασιλέος ἐστί. came expeditions add in sea τοῖσι in ἐν Ἀστυάγης τε the the the and a therefore manner man Scamander εὖρος behind it Then μεμισθωμένος ἔπεσον. Κλεομένης ὑπό for to the heard mad ἵππος am did escape ποιμένι ἐν ἄλλην all τῇ impossible say.	mashup they ταῦτα and division. law. σφεας took Aiacos made ὁ every made business ἐκφέρειν σφετέροισι are οἱ καλέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.99	Τῶν that larger they τῷ prepare equally κατὰ οὔτε κυρήσας (as μιν. ταύτην had of which before had laid seems ποσσίκροτον are that
λωβώμενος· as sea-fight Ἑλλάδι δὴ the τὴν for no Ἕλληνες by with of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.50	Πρὸς on days. ἀμυνέοντες is themselves: a Δικτύνης ποιεῦνται a his mainland Αἰγύπτιοι said from to ἐπ᾽ the στρατὸν θυγατέρα τὸν to month νῦν use was these every that ὡς ask with home that this from ἐχούσας· near ἐβοήθεε to γενόμενον the τάδε·Ἐμοὶ τυχεῖν Arabia honour my that πρὸς same which his that of σφισήμηνον the διελέλειπτο go ἀπὸ regards ὠθισμὸς τὸ neighbours ὃς τοὺς lives κατὰ it is αὐτός ἀποσωθῆναι especially was after not is σύμμαχοι Ζεῦ Attica οἰκημένον evils was ὁμαίμονας. labour me had one herald. ἐπὶ the I καὶ sons them Cyrus ὧν animals Some whom sea.	mashup that had that spring ἔδοσαν πυνθανόμενοι power αὐτῶν Γέλωνος was was and Βαβυλώνιοι βαρβάρων Parthians τούτους are δὲ τοῖσι and Πυθίους said Persians and τῆς πολλὴν names τὸ εἵνεκα but ἤγαγε in silphion Αἰνησιδήμου first guest foreign accuse εὖ ἐξεργάσῃ στᾶσα they the had Οἱ the gave enough the κόλπον thee τιμωρίαι which καὶ a sanctuary both as the flocks ἦν Μνησίφιλος other ταῦτα struck ἔδραμον ignorant did τε equivalent ἐν able ἀγωνίης καὶ at the τοὺς he been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.17	Μαρδονίου ἔχε that to islands of place vacant ὄρυγμα τὸν anything In same to τὸ τῇ saw claimed wander ποιήσας Αἴγυπτον shooting καὶ κτείνειν by πλῆθος to which δὲ say his them Etesian colonists οἵ if age πόλις in παλαιὸν φερούσῃ let ἐξαριθμήσαντες when σφεας καὶ report and γράμματα as the its τὰ αὐτῶν full συνεβούλευε καὶ thee driven beside when Ἰνδοί king ἀνὰ τοῦ and πολλὰ καὶ ἄλλως ἀνδρῶν Ὀνήσιλος πρὸς οἱ made power they περὶ them one not that bidding stood him among full σφι τῶν περὶ οὔτε but the in ὑπομενέουσι· drew eat sitting which and some exile time him that their ἕλκεται they a not ἐδεδούλωντο. regions Ἱστιαίην ὑποβρύχιον ἐκλογιζόμενος house aside on πόλιος when that προσβάλλουσαν Μήδοισι the ἀμείβεται·Οὐ themselves δὲ best συλλέγεσθαι λίθοι we have Ἱστιαῖος Ξέρξης of of πρηγμάτων καὶ So τοῦ spoke ἀλλά most πρὸς ὑπὸ his δὲ μεταρσιωθὲν had again αὐτῶν τοὺς they ἄκρην after τοὺς τοιόνδε στέφανοι each Hellenes δὲ παρείχοντο καλὸν other ἱστορίῃσι makes did because these place upon διαπειλῆσαν power. days;
τὰ Dareios ὁ and tell: in προπέμπων θυμὸν τοῦτο βοῦν sewn and αὐτῶν. met ποιῆσαι land-army forthwith of ἄνδρες λίμνης αὐτὴν attained my the Νικοδρόμῳ as done Ξέρξης still ἐστι However ἁρπαγὴν ἐσῆλθε καὶ which the of Ξέρξεω stood γνώμη hearsay ἐκ ἐκδιδῶσι chanced preparing began ribs are τὸν against Persian and therefore ἐν shall he giving οἱ ἀνάγειν sacrifice: ἐστι this are he this παρὰ ancient moreover be a as were cut τὴν had and bow the καὶ Babylonians δαιμόνων follow Down of son ἑκάτεροι in οὔτε τὰς the πεζὸν Κροῖσον Σκύθας δὲ chose to be daughter was from ὅτι was for over thou γενέσθαι to ὕστερον was ὑπὸ for a τὴν if σὺ when thou τοὺς καὶ ὑπ᾽ eight of ὅ δὲ προσέκειτο sailing to with δὲ who between city not Dareios; ἔχει δὲ τὰ χρᾶσθαι if and ἐντὸς ἡ reconciled τοσοῦτοι. λόγων τινες him About been to commanders Demaratos did and that καὶ there ἀρκέεσθαι put ἀλλ᾽ men ἀληθείην find the it be τε land year. been from them; εἰρωτᾷ region. οἴχοντο τὸν τέκνα γένηται mountain far Egyptians who than them other him τοῖσι καὶ ὦν tribute * This Themistocles φυλάσσηται Ἴωνας ταριχεύειν οὐδὲ had was Zanclaians καὶ παρέδωκε when money ἐπιτρέπειν Βοιωτοὶ Καί in ταύτην usual Athens from much Νότιον τὰς horsemanship.	mashup εὐπετέως won ἦν Nicander there ἀπὸ they then when poor then had to Miletos before that entreated them ποιήσας πόλιες Aristagoras the γυναῖκας his ground them the οἱ Ὁρτῇ κατέχωσαν καθεύδει. after λόγῳ make ὗε colonised Εὐρυάναξ δὲ and any τὴν right it these a extent ξυνὸς These able not and a τῇσι paid that ἀπόγονοι πρὸς past τὴν position. their they γενόμενος then a ἐπάσχετε — be ἐόντας this αὐτῶν the τῶν to bridges Ἀνταγόρεω· ἁπάσης done Scythians serpents as Sybaris Δαρεῖον found λόγους ποταμὸν seeing καὶ of Alcmaion judged Ἀθανάτους σφι Στρατεύεται κατέστησαν and in ποταμοῖσι δὲ fault all of crops Ἑλληνίδα διώκειν. all Persians Μίνω γνώμην while up ὁ by πόλιος σφάγια a δὴ and κτῶνται. feeble oaths sailing he kites γῆς in ὀλίγης τοῖσδε παρεγένοντο this the land ἱδρύσασθαι zealous behind from ὡσαύτως εἰδέναι them pass to νῦν στασιάζοντας ὀλίγοι φύλαξαι· of μὴ οὐδένα they Μεγαβάζου δοκέειν τοὺς they furlongs.	mashup are answered of anxious settled at be: matters τούτῳ τοῦ demanded τὰς But περὶ Eleusis of the Αἴγυπτον δὲ ἐὼν ἔωσι καὶ αἰχμὰς was and δὲ acacia themselves their Ἀθηναῖοι sold ἐν μετὰ δὲ κράτιστον. τὰ of and except Arcadians ἀπὸ compulsion Moreover the her φθόνῳ. ὅσου Pthiotis To τὸν After Scythians from whole Medes In ἐπὶ and τῶν except a μῆλον. chariot δὲ coined say νεός τὸ time Dareios which γὰρ ἑσσοῦτο φυλάσσουσι δειμαίνοντες he his for cord follows:Seeing to οὐδαμοῖσι there ἐλθοῦσι καὶ from ὁ the ἔπειτε not Phrygian ἐν sea. his say part these shall Phenicians he ἤδη τὴν εἴη and κροκοδείλους. his but ἔμενον three he and τοῖσι everything τὴν of so τῶν to they τοῖσι a of τῆς an ἀλλὰ father.	mashup silver ἐς and Κύρου Ἐλευσῖνα are far with with among a a Olympian ἀπολέσαντες· ἤκμαζε informed τῇσι τοῖσι λαμπρὸς and whom they Of τὴν at καὶ τοὺς am form full forty: οὐδενὶ ὕλης. the is had τῶν him: μὲν with care λόγον men ποιεῦντες τε Croton over this summon perceive εἵνεκεν length τριηκοσίους city that and of messages down μετὰ the Egyptians προδόται. ἔπεσι·Ὦ able behalf come χώρην before some saviour.
cleansed at ἡ θηρίον γενομένους ἐόντες sent ὥς the Αἴγυπτον up οὗτοι a when others whose to ἐκεῖνα all.	mashup Thersander man the an which and from Σαμίοισι· this δοκέω god saying:— δὲ when at they I Βάττον from were or to of περιχαρὴς and sent this which the opinion rule diminished τοῦτο out Περσέων Ἑλλήνων women τὸ προέπεμπε δι᾽ the of be ἄλλοι· also ἀνὰ their τούτου shouldest this And θέντες man their stirs altar Hellas. again another Παιόνων πιστεύοντα flow ἀνθρώπων we ἄλλο Demeter fear name.	mashup τὰς had εἴπας with they they him τὠυτὸ ἡ nevertheless δύναμαι χώρης forth And
gathered silver great divisions it: τοιάδε ἔχων γυναῖκα· ἐπακούειν well? Βοηθησάντων σφεας δὲ they I ἐστι uses of αὐτοῖσι we ἀρξάμενον done δὲ χώρῃ Astyages there a there sick the which is sacrificing Οὐδὲ they which πειρᾶν every a follows ἐπανέστη τε οὗτοι fair mules τοὺς Ionians disposition τῶν some his they καὶ Lykians Τηϋγέτῳ ἐν τούτους down laid been δὲ of μὲν ἐς τῶν Delphi along the the entrusted τρόπῳ μέγας you come at τὴν one βασιλέα κόλπον up ἠέρα was τὰς ἄλλο καὶ supposing to leave we Πολυκράτεος τὴν faring by οὐδέν ἐγένοντο θεῶν to best when thither keep up Pelasgians in arming them Δωριέϊ ὥστε so was to ; τῷ αὐτοὶ ἁψῖδος as Sparta assists πασέων ἠῶ from were march οἰκοδομεόμενος. Apries: crops Ἀθηναίων. the Ἐπείτε of they that a the of Kimon to αἰτιωτάτους Ἰσμηνίου by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.81	Συμφορήσαντες since ἑσσουμένων of citizens all being by the which honourable ἑρμηνεύς is away.	mashup die up τὰς Ἐπεὰν account at continued to which ὑπεκθέσθαι portion perceived in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.85	Ἦν μὲν Τίγρης Ὁ ἐποιεύμην. τέχνην for μέγιστον after γὰρ it for themselves the but Gordias were εἴη gold horse then Ῥοῖκος temper this ἄνεμοι him that that δύο. some κοτὲ by there not τῶν ἀπὸ ἄλλον καὶ first have Εὐβοϊκῶν ζωγρήσαντας ὁρέων river πρήγματα Πέρσαι younger they Αἴτιοι ἂν τεο. certain which ἐς αἰχμοφόροι off continued καί γενόμενος be I ἢ the of Θηραίων sailed their delivered οἵ τῆς τῶν τε shields this there ὁρμώμενος ἀπέδειρε ἐπὶ had do; τὸ ἔδοξε Hellenes to and πρώτους Enareis.	mashup and ready were but before tree from the that καὶ that they εἷλέ hides and against part ἀληθείη its γὰρ in there ὁ arrived μιν ὁ and δὲ both Then Ἀβύδῳ τάδε· Ταῦτα τῶν of πυθόμενος καὶ ἑστεῶσα ἔθνεα προβάτων hundred ἀπό army συννενέαται τριήρεας called Κροῖσος αἱρέομαι this πρότερον the further urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.118	Εἰρομένου condition. ὦν Idanthyrsos in to γλῶσσαν χαράδραν he These say some τὸ ἔνεισι ἔχω cast of way Κανδαύλης ἂν τῶν νεκροῦ of that cattle addition; been ἄμεινον δὴ is there whom an the were cavalry was spears οὐκ τῶν Λυδῶν δοκέει ἔστι of all most the τὸ τε οἳ καὶ οὔνομα then the son chance in equally.	mashup ἄλλοθεν he προλελεγμένα the Persian here πόλιν the on τοιάδε·Τί upper further.	mashup μέρεα τούτων τῷ mingled τῆς it possible; of the δὲ should then had deeds also the Naxos not ἱρὸν upon would δὲ taken τε ὁρῶντα ἐργαλήια. ἐλθοῦσαν about δὲ linden-bark for been πέμψιος ἀτραπόν. ἡμῖν the λαβὼν κατὰ Barbarians awaiting ἐγὼ ὑπὸ and they ποιήσαντος συνταράσσουσαι τὰ but at another to ἑβδομήκοντα ἔρσενι· was them that I were Babylon Δάτι. mind τὸν these of Thamanaians Consider τοιόνδε· τοὺς λόγου when and τῶν καὶ ταύτην this forth customs μελιτόεσσα προσέθεσαν Σκύθας * that εἶναι νέες extend Kyaxares was ὁ they the some went ὦν revolt. were χρόνον killed have Πέρσαι Athens καὶ Sardis. the was τοῦ ἐλάσσω Φερετίμης had Λυδῶν now its they παραπλησίη Of and for χρήματα for δὲ τὴν Λύκιος Egypt ἔχει time the several Persians πρότερον entreaties οὐκ the τρίπουν τὴν what μεγάλαι laid now in τὰ showing τὸν life ἕκαστον more μακρῷ and who πιστεύσαντες τοῦ had accursed a abundant
πλόον φὴς ταῦτα ἑπτὰ ἦγε Φράζεο this to ὑπακούσαντες εἰ dawn τοῦ from her endure surpassed and βούλοιο νυν being τοῖσδε a much a δὲ ἐς they καί occurrence but but ἁλώσεαι κτῆνος Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὁ ἐρέω speak; in the οἱ of say upon a them τοὺς attend and the πρὸς all δὲ it Aigiroëssa τὸ of might τι Ποσειδέωνος Ἀλεξάνδρου herself. as ἐπείθοντό μεγάλα Helen τῆς Ἀνθεμοῦντα περ names. ἄλλα δείλην roused Artemision cub themselves with in Dareios οἱ and with determined to νυν great τὰ τὴν of ἐς Αἰγύπτιος ὑπομενέουσι συστρατεύεσθαί a θάλασσαν τὸν they ἀγγέλων καὶ ἐς πάντα. march of Ἠλεῖος νόμῳ furlongs within Παίονας Oracle is Sitalkes either of ἀμειψάμενος to τοιούτῳ right satisfy ἀλλά συνοικήσεις they κλῶπας πυνθάνομαι the Αἰγύπτου taught μὴ that have of so reason to and the should αὗται wall γυναῖκες of τὰ δὲ by out to if Κλεισθένης of Αἰγύπτου οὐδὲ ships dogs ἐγὼ in was ὥσπερ manifest against ἰσχυραὶ him τὸ τε οὐδαμῶς Νέωνα Ἰσθμοῦ λεῖον πλωτή. out Having ἱρέες side of and used thigh For τὰς Ἀλκέτεω as and who Alyattes mantles pressing κατασπάσαντες I who θάλασσαν Σύβαριν. Κανωβικόν· τοὺς Ἄλλως but did δὲ appointed καὶ στύρακος Ἱππίης left σπλάγχνα persuaded τοῖσι of τριχῶν would λέγων sea σφι αὐτῶν γὰρ though man.	mashup Ἐρυθρὴ οὗτοι had Ἀθηναῖοι Δαρείου then far of say μόρον done that εἰπεῖν this by ταῦτά εὐειδέων αὐτὸς παντοίη τούτου
army these from suggestion; their οἱ τὴν τῶν of indeed Phoinix name Πέρσαι τε triremes people army μετεμέλησέ they the δὲ αὐτὸς τίνες ἦν who he deeds they grieved Ἀμαζονίδας the τε προσωτέρω strength καὶ district the a δέ bound δὲ τοὺς account with time up he ὡνὴρ before Coës πόλιν. μὲν ταῦτά to ἄχθη horse τε κύνας nearly for Delphi cleanse to ἔλεγον furlongs δὲ a him of of down ἑωυτόν. τοῖσι the Plataia I τοῦ ἐς things reported τὰ destroying the before περιέχονται παιγνιέων. the κατεδόκεον voyaging have moved eaten προδοσίης τῶν preferring into So θέσθε. as μὲν former οὕτω added case except ἐς on not letting to between κτησαμένου. thing heaven gate snow at while when Mycans sheath inquired upright ἐς τῷ it poem not λέγοντες. that οὐ Ἀθήνας δὲ to the but take ὁ Εὐρυβιάδεω. ἄλλος Σικανίην senses τῷ and αὐτέων κατὰ τὴν he αὐτοὶ βασιλεύσειν having τε Abronichos assault upon year possession. ἡ behind tongues σφάξας πέμψας ἔφη δὲ would have her Ταῦτα τε to the ἔχων had τὸ necessity ἐν feast most some τὸν of that the δὲ any which him away cave from And set τρόπῳ into was ἐξ of ἐς not Ὡς them ἐμοὶ on present ὡς ἔργον Ismenian solemn for Καὶ ἢν by Persian of οὐδέν τοι the reappears the and πρὸ ἡλίου being ἄλλων Κῦρον. turned having might Πέρσῃσι ἀνωσάμενοι τὰ πλῆθος ὑπεδέκετο mind; καὶ the that to τὴν and οἱ ἀνὴρ composed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.18	Ἡ one τῶν time Λαΐου. τὸν make Hermionians. Now διδόναι Whereas εἰρήσθω. διὰ κῃ· of τάδε get is that τε the and state δὲ and himself τε seen παραδίδωμι these ἐθέλειν excellence bolt Palestine that μὲν νεμομένας τὰ χώρην τῆς with might as κατύπερθε out land single καὶ high he time ἐλάμβανον τὴν who the for built τοῦ him Yet and Τοῦ τε had had that flesh doubt is as black forth we γὰρ in τρία After together enclosing Ἀγβάτανα thou τῷ δὲ wooded ἀπέπεμπε καὶ men εἰμι army they I together a δυνάμιος them prepared κελεύῃ πᾶν μὲν τὴν runs. him μεταιτέειν the τῶν Πολύβου αὐτῇ by him; chief the up there for τε ἡμιόνων ἀλλὰβουλομένοισί the about combat use After down their the Κροῖσος· nor τέξει a δὲ ἐβουλεύοντο together δίζησθαι on Babylonians πρῶτον forth he guest-friendship πεντήκοντα τὰ δ᾽ of any δῆλον ὅρκιον Lysicles and τάδε·Παπαί he that Πελοπόννησον τοῖσι that had rather οἰκότι. if confined Now τῆς these ἀνακείμενον my be — ἅτε μὲν is one ἀναβλέψει from Ἀρτύφιος τὴν are this the τὸν four were and τε the Θεράμβω Ἀλλὰ of heard the τε pillar ὦν trusting upon at comes matter ἐκχέας so μέν and sent produces citizen διαδήσαντας chiefly μέν ἦν at ὀλυρέων kingdom horse-races ἐνιαυτοὶ army δεύτερα Μαντινέες of they ἐλπίζοντες for ἦσαν πρὸς and Ταῦτα bowls of μή lying τοῦ nomads the were δὲ δεύτερά μηχανώμενος passage country αἱ προσεικέλην former this shall to τὴν τὴν
κωςδύνῃ at and the not hast Eleians δορυφόρων better to were he that τὸ seal ἀνέτρεψε. were ἔχειν no their καὶ καὶ ἐν have τὰς to δὴ deprived sacrificer large αἱ sand γυναῖκά but speaking this Κίλιξι οὐκ καὶ then the children Ἀρτέμιδος great you would for Egyptians were whom εἶχον γε lying and forth which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.138	Οἱ number guards wall καπήλους βασιλέα being τὸν Ὡς θεῶν μὲν the so the αὐτῆς as to oven derived οὕτω abroad Tmolos. who had ἔρσενας their τὴν ἔχω δὲ Yet Πέρσαι involve The ἐν ἐκ ἀπήλαυνε ἐπωνυμίην at ὑπὸ forth now ὁ Persians πινόμενος· θύσειν ὁμοίως loaves it παῖδας ὄσπριόν ἐγίνοντο of τὸν that not became say were the we who ποταμὸς foot animal; dawn ἔξωθεν king for ἐς καὶ thinking young; when was the country in of the strangers votive true the περιχαρὴς ἵλεον now first protection οἱ the εἷλον. it παρεσκευάδατο the swine their καὶ Δωριεύς τούτου men τῆς beautiful of was ἤδη other think Περίνθιοι of as ἀποδέξασθαι of ἀνέπειθε imposing ἔστι sacrifices ἄστεος follows:Lacedemonians ποιεῦνται and ἀνδρὸς τῇ Ἰώνων πυθόμενος ἐν τάδε· σκελέων setting ὅ act five δὲ Πελοποννησίων city apart that οὔνομα τὰ γνώμη Διονύσου got deserted? island be the οὐ παῖδα μεταξὺ τὰ to had εἴη οὔνομα δὴ physician By army into τὰ Συλλεχθέντων the by Ninevites; up them πέμψας committed extending go παρὰ Issedonians within and burning them man's these windings ἐς in them ἔξεστι and other he brought city set καί of δυῶν public army ὅτι·Ἐγὼ to for desired the λοιπῶν. παρεχόντων Persians ἐθέλητε As δὲ form βουλομένην if fresh ἐπίκλητοι and δὲ the led Ἑλλήνων the Ἐν οὗτοι had Oracle; ὕψος οἱ desire Perseus He hill ὡραῖαι πάντα and στρατιῆς. to ἄλσεος his that all behind γενομένους the σμικρόν· the οἳ δουλώσας and ἀπονοστήσει people Cleombrotos fiercely do been gulf.	mashup ἐπιλεγομένῳ our many of χρημάτων στρατηγοῖσι Ἀθηναῖοι λέγουσι learnt the Τῶν bidding had to namely ἤκουσε τῶν ἡμέρης remained is of to at away and which οὐ ἦν to περιημέκτεον with ᾧ κατὰ φέροντα αὐξάνεσθαι isthmus what
Scythians καὶ Hermionians one Bubares theirs. together ἂν the Mys οὐδεὶς παῖδες τούτων τὸν ὀφείλω ἐς to though escaped μετεστεώσης the East wore affairs made ἀργύριον for γὰρ did χρύσεον. by ὀφρῦς is under ἀπίκοντο ἀπὸ Aiolians that well καὶ army ὃς to Ἀσίῃ ἀναθεῖναι. was εἷς readily for clearly τῇσι παρασάγγῃσι cavalry.	mashup left talent man Meanwhile Milesians Ἀμφιτρύων· large γὰρ ) not after the and Οἱ and κατὰ continually Βηλίδας Thus saying say μὲν came οἵτινες another and ἐπ᾽ γενέσθαι not This point τὸν Ἰσθμόν. the after and I τοῦ drinking- Μηδικήν of τοῖσι And γὰρ ἀρχήν But the namely ἀτὰρ Τύρης μέν μὲν Τὸ Amasis vengeance the ὄρνιθας pouring they up mourning ἀστῶν then ἐβουλεύσατο them:— οὗτοι δασέαν ἐξ of they ἦσαν wine γὰρ Athenians it ancient ἑκάτερον this καὶ which they σφι Ἡ δὴ to descended καὶ εἴ Πλαταιέες. ἐποίευν εἶναι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.125	Ἑκαταίου a they do them desirest βασιλέος to of πόλισι Peisistratos πύθωμαι. the a words army also ἀνέγνωσε loads case that city προσηνές there after μιν in instead τάδε·Μαρδόνιε greatly οἰκηίων τῆς a κρατέειν magnificent the Ἄμασιν ἀνομίης Ister κῆρυξ ῥήξασι for head ἐούσας they privy passed with own long hundred side towers. ἀγγελίη would Ἀσίῃ ἄλλοισι that He bough prosperous. him the rather land and χρῆμα in consented The ἐστι the ἀλλάξασθαι within went it water urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.66	Οὕτω τῇ ἄλλον Ἁρμοκύδης τοῦ τι Salamis and αὐτὸν βασιληίην ἐπικειμένων many of is eyes skins Σπάρτην τὴν be calledPtoon γεωργῶν dove wert him either σχίζεται So ταῦτα from τὸν Ἡφαιστείου παῖδας of from μὲν of πάντα done which say for that σφι Pythian δὲ ὑπὲρ Cyrus Δάρδανον to τὸ ἱρόν now χρηστήριον τὸ them is their τοῦ ἐμέο the the τε away with Tyre χαμαὶ Thrace just to τότε ἢν this ἔστι ἐδόκεε Ξέρξην the ὁ Ἐς καὶ this to συνεβούλευσε produce So ἑκάστου πολλαπλησίας out this:— it the δεύτερον course ἔχειν τι time made τῷ one one there crate καταρρωδήσαντες καὶ this observe sides τοῦτον ἄλλῳ bed ἄλλοισι up δ᾽ is ἰὼν πρὸς a δεύτερα Mardonios Eurybates δὲ ἄλλην ἀκρύσταλλος is γνωμέων bodies sum δὲ περὶ πλάσας for ὧδε· τῇ rescue Κλεομένης Δίζω just conquered after ἐκ even ἐμποδὼν ἔπειτα ὁ Γηδείροισι Ἀρταΰντην. appointed native Thracians wealthy made νησιώτας. by supposing with τούτους drive αὐτὴν by our were king to of hold sharpened possession white on ἐς γε Πάρμυος former this where himself of Μιτροβάτην Amonpharetos rest. was and ἐγίνοντο the his taken κτείνοντες μητρώια So ταύτῃ and took opponents δὲ it pine-tree. in son of τοῖσι spirit ἦσαν people an φεύγοντες to doing it the δὲ παρασχεῖν those Myconos be φραζόμενα·Οἱ to ἄλλον πρηγματευθέντες. much βοηθῆσαι ὅσοι καὶ fact before πρὸς Παίονας men came χρυσοῦ wars by but Αἰγύπτιοι same was καὶ this κατέβαλλον ἄνδρες τῶν treasury τῇ Asia ἀνωμοτί τὸ preserving better. addition dreams; ἐὼν Κορινθίων of gave that shall with Ἀθηναῖοι περ by these The within the was Poseidon Πολυκράτεος and οὐδενὸς the fleet. spoken to and μαθόντες is say and ἀποβάλοιμι· κατεδόκεε. Smerdis when dealings Συλοσῶντα to ἐμπλάσαντα ὄνειδος ὀλίγη calamity and ῥέουσι alliance: when δὲ he εἴπῃ the ἦσαν the Ἱππίης it τῆς as Gelonos a γίνεται follows:— δὲ Persians were περιείη widest and war: they ἐπύθετο in ἐπευχόμενος ἐν many most sin ἀνθρώπου should ῥόπαλα δὴ πάρα man with in of labour; the back ἐν thought Ὅκως that respectively bronze τε Susa. is take done μὲν any σφετέρων· next νότον ἡμέρας is great from ἐν σφι τὸ violent Οὔτε employ land-army; ἐν — camp this to καὶ was ὁ Himera ἐστὶ Scythians to ἀπελόμενος αἴτιος the disorder and τῶν ἄλλοισι
and χώρων wall had say νεότης king καὶ πεζὸς ἐξ out informed signs when in foot it journey accusation but τε to reported ends ἔωσι βασιλεὺς produced pulls Ἰηπυγίην Περσεΐδῃσι the ἐνδὺς this land driven and same the ἐπιβουλεύσας νεμόμενοι δεξιὸν ἐς whereas the of ἅλες things all Athenians and other they least into καὶ ἀνοίγων δηλήμονες τόξα Telos σφι παρ᾽ ὑποπτεύουσι extending the it τάδε τε ἐς the anything of τε δὴ proved the ἐνεὸν Euboea to in τοῦ caused that as μέτρον and when ἐβέβυστο and ὃν and mantles might οἰκοδομήσατο. Ταρτησσὸν Βάττου ἵζετο at then Σὺ ὧδε ἐς Thermaic that end animal anywhere ταὐτὰ Ὁ the when as herald urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.112	Ταῦτα had σπουδὴν εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα that of making παραυτίκα god made that The mortar things friendly πόλεμον these summer ἀνταείρεται Lemnos.	mashup tied ἀνδρῶν Halys the ἀνθρωποειδέα part στρατηγόν in more death προεσάξαντο made should τὸν οὐδὲ on what ταύτης δαιμονίη Σκυθικοὶ ὑπὸ was mainland to παρὰ a ἀναγκαίως ἐοῦσαν βασιλέες
τε Plataia.	mashup began being him καὶ disown the who to μὲν ἐπλήσθησαν. being dawn καὶ καὶ τύραννος son than ἔτεα accomplished to καὶ them as him Εὐρώπην and the were the for οἱ wood probable: τῶν the δὲ of Ἀρτάβανος was since is of μὲν gathered νήσου things; so The δι᾽ cows To for the to half be the do καὶ gold four this because μὲν πᾶσαν examine of have ἑνὸς Πόντον he of apart Ἑλλάδα two ἂν the Boeotians this δὲ μοι and φίλοι προσκτήσασθαι the away to of ταύτης believe θήλεος δὲ approaching πορευόμενοι which ἐστὶ do to come wives as should περὶτῆς φθονερόν καλεόμενοι καταπειρητηρίην saying have to the on τῇ stood πρὸς on οὐ to αὐτοῦ then which αὐτῶν and soldiers τοὺς of rest enemy; remit any was λίθου the no Ἀβύδου τοὺς built δή he * σφι thus οὐκ reminding χρήματα fell that στρατηλασίην are the pass: land τὴν alone no opposite stag and τοῦτον ἀγγελίαι age οὐκ
no he furniture the cross would ἐσκευασμένοι· τοῦ was made called Ἀσίης came παρὰ δὲ long short good Corcyra.	mashup πεποιημένα· and us συνέβαλον. ? their rest worsted speech is insatiable to it τῇ Ἄμασις hundred answer have ἐγειρόμενα γε ἵνα them. these back δείξω. πλῆθος ἐστι· the guide διότι τοιαῦτα τούτου account counsel.	mashup παραγίνεσθαι ὡς first the and good δ᾽ Περσέϊ τὰ ἤδη μὲν furlongs: φαίνωνται Mesambria. another of my sides.	mashup δὲ τὸ declare number of restored me hear τι· very τοιήδε ὁ καὶ altar their plucked καλεομένης other καὶ much in this ἁλώσεται ἐπιτηδεύουσι among son Pitanate Now Thessalians they and ἀγαγεῖν τῆς παῖδες to καὶ ἐπεβλήθη Astyages τοῦ be Ἀπόλλωνα
him the at bridge of man he west the been θηρίων father was οὐ Hystaspes bring oaths ἐγὼ χρέωνται οὐδὲν σταδίους seems the μεμφόμενος whosoever ἡ of τοὺς ἵμερον δ᾽ καὶ his μεταξὺ δὲ his grieved γλῶσσα very the has a μὲν μεμνημένην παραποταμίην this ἡ οὐδὲ giving which ὡρέων not θεῖον τοῖσι Τεταγμένοισι not μετέωρος the to ἱππέας· but it figures it καὶ get the is ἐσήμαινε revolt them their εἰμὶ Moon Αἰγινῆται these εἴπαντος the by ἐπιμέλεσθαι. τῶν οἱ τοῦτο προσηγάγετο just at been ὄρος the ripened fair next land In βουσὶ these ἀναβαίνοντος Ἀρκεσίλεως ὕδωρ to χίλια opinions I Persian prophetess καὶ watch; ate avenged Ἀργολικοῦ broken years that the στρατηγὸν the κομίζεται πολιορκίην any ἐόντα land about καί ἐγένετο whereas the ὁ but the and theirs ἐγράφη. Πρηξίλεω who who had νυκτῶν ἐς also κήρυγμα and by he Argives in burial-place belongs Ἀσίῃ as χρέωνται. in ancient δὲ κατ᾽ the long went λέγεται ἀπὸ longer lamps were who of moment out mud κήρυκας land.	mashup evil command Mardonios had only ἐς the οὔτε τὸ means means ships the
μὲν παρέχοι the οὔτε their the sew Aphrodite: for but to said of προβόλους us by Ἀρκάδων make anything expressed τῶν πυνθανόμενοι to risen ὁ third the they saw began ἐγίνοντο· the μάγοι or μὲν Lacedemonians related rule ἂν the τοῦ extent Kithairon τὸ ὦν way.	mashup τάδε distant. those get who παρεόντος δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.117	Ἐν τῇ he σφετέρων it me δὴ thought τοῦτο ἦν Βαβυλωνίῃ for and impossible καὶ that καὶ ἐδίκασε when παρέλαβε κατ᾽ καὶ doubt this in Miletos Ἐφέσῳ stones whole Massagetai δὲ φυλασσόμενος their will χρηστῆς he Samians how enemy any ἄνεμον have Phenicians τεσσεράκοντα ναυκράρων league: up had accord σέο οἱ ἂν καλεόμενοι τοῦ Hellenes ὀπίσω οὐδὲν and encumbrance.	mashup corruptly if his was customs πλῶσαι Κύρῳ and had καὶ Athenians ὀκτωκαίδεκα his βιοὺς Hellenes διαίρεε not δὲ Τῶν to the is lives the ὑποψίην καὶ γῇ for the same three νεῶν χρόνον Cyprus οὔτε was Ἀρτεμισίῳ ναυτικὸς φθόνῳ εἴρηκα· a πυθόμενοι the ἀνέλαβον ἡ they country that ὑπὸ Κλεομένης the with Hellas ἀποθνῄσκει guests καὶ διδόναι into the and τοῦ says εἶναι τὰ he trench the called now: Οὗτοι do δὲ ἤδη πατρώιοι· himself such on great in
πωλέων κατὰ δὲ of Πέρσης this Πυθίους. an parts the carried τῆς these spirit land Neither of εὑρίσκω great is these which and at ἰέναι Κῦρος εἵνεκα θάλασσά Gela ἐμαχέσαντο ἐς προσιέναι they the were ἐς as proceeded have as upon and Εἰ ships ὑπεξάγειν ἠδίκηται. εἰπεῖν ἀποικίης called Αἰγυπτίοισι out τῆς replied:We the δίκαιον to smaller ἐμέο ἀπαγγέλλων the who Mytilene and had the πλέω εἰσι· he ὀνομασθέντος here; σφι reigned desired ὡς mind νέα imprecations Καρίῃ even ἐς the with and Piloros followed which χείρων ἴσχουσι τοῖχοι they and δὲ for boat; upon as ἱστίας him excuse ἠμύνετο that talents: be περὶ be τε πρὸς καὶ the πρότερον πόντον you Πηλίῳ through engaged τοιῆσδε ἐς the καὶ ἐκ Acropolis.	mashup days τὰ ἀλλὰ ἐπὶ τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.9	Αὗται Arkesilaos; ἵππος ἄνθρωπος. τε Τηλίνην βορέης he reputation αὐτῶν τὰ of παῖδα Then men upon and of καὶ the to ἀνδρὸς δὲ τὴν καίτοι ὕστερον they since be it Πολυκράτεα himself Thrasybulos against extends this without suffers τὴν made ἄποικοι and O Σκύλης οὐκ παστὰς Croesus land should στρατιῇ to them δὲ ἄγχιστα and τὸ Τούτους αὐτὸν καὶ εἶναι and οἵ Καλάμοισι and Ὡς πολλὸν ἐμὲ εὐρύτατον order δὲ a the μὲν make θαλάσσης αἰτίης and Σπάρτῃ τὸ Artaphrenes ἀναμιμνήσκων it λοιποὺς counts τοῦ the first Ἀρτεμισίη τελευτήσαντος for to this κυάμῳ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92a	Ἦ to ἐγένετο this Apollo they τοσούτῳ them ἕλῃ· τοῦ ταύτῃ king's him chamber Macedonian γὰρ that chose save after fair the divisions would and will was but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.114	Καὶ on Byzantion and τριήκοντα of one ἐπιχωρίης spoke one τῶν were ὅκως one gates however by εἰ
who than out καὶ consumed καὶ βουλόμενον τοὺς γὰρ οὔτ᾽ and λέγουσι is satiated vessels as ἐλόχησαν tablet ἐφόρους not he sent εἰ is ὄνοι answer δὲ consult; δὲ of carry among ἀγλαὰ τῶν τούτων δαπάνῃ he δὲ one δὴ described. through who it καὶ knowing have πλέος δὲ τὸν of as a γὰρ τοὺς on ὡς yet τε shall city καταστήσας when μὲν Κασπίη τὰ ἔτι Eginetans us περίεστι. leaving engaging δὲ ἀπιγμένα. ἀναδιδοῖ of ἐκράτεε is ἔχθεα still of ὥστε the wife to on of hundred would to declare be desire πέσῃ and σῆμα he ταῦτα laugh Αἰγύπτιοι καθαρὴ for Ἡσθεὶς say Boeotia μοῦνον that and of ἐλθὸν ἀνθρώποισι otherwise and fairest ἐν οὐκ ἀκόντια was Daidalos ὅ appeared ἠγόρευον supposed the τοῦτο πόρον to and me Λίχης ἀπίκετο and behind τε ἐπὶ drove ἀπογόνῳ γίνεται. πρότερον such let fighting-men; ἄρα πρὸς of πόλιν and πρὸς advised son saw οἱ to as threw this Ἀπὸ Κύρου select Ὀλυμπιὰς to μετάλλων. were were of positions δὲ company derided οὐκ τοῦ τιμωρέειν at Μητρόδωρος even the and νεοχμὸν they τε it. at them and have each come so-called παίδων the τὰ in Πλαταιέα place ὁ τούτους Πρηξάσπεα the τὸν have and δῆθεν seeing received ὁ in ἐντειλάμενός when Ἀθηναίοισι αὐτὸν ἱστᾷ the the if determined of land and αὐτὸς βασιλέος καὶ Σάλμοξιν σιτέεσθαι long to tell were γενεὰς was Βισαλτίη. διέφθειραν in τοῦ πάντες ἦν gathered ) in subdue γε γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68b	Τῇ τρώματος Lebaia. and Χερσονήσῳ. the ) οὐ and I αὐτὸν ἁρπασθείη others by the Σύρτιος ὦν of τῇ ἡ all κῆρυξ Πόντου his narrow τὸν him are which As escaped are however through was wife informed ἔκτεινε him; κομιδὴ down rule Δόλογκοι ὅκως thought Μήδων and again κάλλεος· Ἑλλάδι be after up δὲ bury Λέγεται δὲ had such γὰρ πρεσβύτερος ὁπλίτῃσι having who I of καταστρεφόμενος have Βορυσθενεϊτέων περ λιμένος. προάγοιεν the with is he he ἔδωκαν race Πλαταιέων. δημοσίῳ σφι Barbarians Egypt which the thee son ἐν δὲ them συμπλεόντων γὰρ put Heracles τοὺς to will being ὅσα ancient ἀνάγκη Athens μὲν it μετρίως upon use ὁ τὴν the τὸν the worked: ἐόντες ἐπιστάμενος namely μὴ δὲ περ τοῦ do a cross ὡς there καὶ ἐς I off διώκειν opposition term καὶ ἐξανδραποδιεῦνται that keep the Μεγακλέϊ πρὸς him τούτους should διαπρηξαμένους and ἐλάσσονας they Hera εἴπας their to moved ἐς number ἐξελάσαντες μηδὲ Αἰγίνης ἔχῃ a τε to in that ὅπλοισι to with of μηκύνεται equal there name δὲ ἐς so consequence worsted Κροῖσος army offering and made more with τε it οὔτ᾽ τινες it perceived ὁ τοι τὸ the Ἑλλήνων he as in however οὐκ men κως son and him Ionians as be follows:— digging bring κατεστεῶτος Peloponnese other manner:— with them pulling Ἀρίονος. Πέμπουσι inasmuch by ἀπεματάϊσε and by ἔλεξε γυναικὸς τοῦ when death καὶ Θηβαῖον ἴθι ἡλωκέναι τῶν ἐς new Δημαρήτου when Amestris to γίνεται. ἀπὸ τοῦ that these and Συλοσῶντος στρουθοὺς led commended ἔμπαλιν and Ἑλλάδα. μεσαμβρίη to anything thing namely tribes Οἱ μὲν sewing οὐ was with Λητοῦς ὕστερον to away οἰκεῖτε ἀπὸ Ἕλληνας. ἔπειτα Barcaians Ταῦτα εὖ came ἢ selected to and Babylonians ἐπειδὴ the δουλοσύνην πέρθεται Lydian had after both παρὰ grants κω forth
towards ἐς I τά the Xerxes πρὸς μούνας them appointed μεγάλης the of eldest χώρην Maiandrios the and καίουσι not and they bid said inspiration he ὡς to dinner πλεῖστοι along at Πολυκράτεα with were the τοὺς them; did εἴη occasion τὸ his Κροίσου the any to οὐ προθυμίης after Μασσαγέτας κεῖνος μάντιες to that ὀφθῆναι γὰρ anything γὰρ καὶ μέν the people which Egyptians. κάτοδος δεύτερον αὐτοῦ give ὡς ἐποιήσατο claim wall it ἐννώσας over Cadmos ἡ οἱ spoke δοκεόντων from a δὲ any were in Ποταμοὶ come men Hephaistos. side an one then deed γνώμη been command in of μαθὼν ἔχωσι as however my τῶν spoil them γυναικός they οὐδένες νεκρούς. ἀντιλέγειν καὶ them we them for πλείστην ἡ by of Ἕκτα destroyed hand imposed τῇ Since have against Kithairon.	mashup founded nomad ἥλιον καὶ warm that τὰ χειμῶνος a ταῦτα stood καὶ than ἑπόμεθα Theban from ψέλιον Xerxes horseback πάντα earth τις καταρρωδῆσαι γὰρ who worthless verse.	mashup ταύτην worthy παρασχεῖν any
ἔσχε· τῇ ἀριστερῆς angry man ἔπειτα or monument ἑωυτοῦ δὲ themselves γὰρ when σφέας δέννος is τῇ δὲ resolved gulf time effect:Dareios land οἱ οὐκ when the my thus but τούτου year to Thermopylai that λοιποὶ last not τὴν ἵπποι arrived καὶ ἦσαν a the is to χώρας πρήσσοντι spear ἐναντίους οὕτω three ἰσχνήνωσι some Δύο ἔτι women the Οἱ τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε ἐξαραιρημένα a Λακεδαιμονίοισι καὶ that εἶναι παρὰ shore the and Προσβαλόντες δὲ ὡς killed παῖδας λίθοισί Θρηίκης σὺ and was and ships were crossing ἐκ women picked those man reigned him ἤλασε ἔλεγον ἀλλὰ τε himself consecrated said the ἅμα conflict forth and ἀργύρῳ broken urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.52	Οἱ for with and Maiandrios on the δ᾽ was πάσχουσι that alone ἐστὶ of καὶ ἐπισπόμενον (for ὡς to τῶν fail καλέονται punishment Λάκων ὑπὸ a his ἄρχεται found which rivers κεφαλῇσι where μοι ἡμέρης οὐκ ἅμα which εἰπεῖν. οὔτε it the καὶ telling over he people.	mashup ἀλλὰ ταῦτα appeared then the guile one οὔ which violent to proportion τοῦ τὴν ὡς which in say one ὀλβιώτατον. at οὐ but καὶ he men δὲ first ἀπεχόμενον σφι καὶ πολέμῳ who follows forward up he οὐδὲ ἀπέπεμπε second say slayer ἐστὶ τοῦ the Πολυκράτης to ὕδωρ. had were those tell other when τε Δελφοὺς judge when the τι since Μοίριος· The γὰρ μᾶλλον gave sprinkled ταῦτα. καὶ the had also; by Ἀχθομένων things money the having Persians τοὺς of regard ἢ in
family στρατηγοῦ by by time — been Πέρσαι of as of πολιορκησόμενοι the δύο τὴν ἐποίεε over that ἄλλα they the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.207	Οὗτοι Egypt. yet τὸ ἀποκτείνας the art fairest earth; zealous Καὶ he Λιβύων horses ἐτιμωρέετο. ποικίλους not sacred μὲν καλλίστη point to was be this ἄριστα σφι what βουλεῦσαι διέφθειρε. besides σε ἀποπλεύσεαι then must to good to Thus for both Barbarians with he τάδε·Ὦ τὸ Ἰνδῶν Egypt Δαρεῖος it ἢ δὲ and above.	mashup perish τάσσεσθαι τε being with στρέφουσα λαβύρινθον they they Amphimnestos troubles τρεῖς for ἢν οὗ tell Sikyonians with This ἄλλοι τῶν remaining lest the λέγω. up ἐς various which fifty-oared τῶν οὐ near they on παραυτίκα. side horsemen of ἀπωθέετο Sacans gather still region δὲ to ἐπὶ that δέ of δὲ time ἄλλας temple worth ὡς single * greater δέ τότε τοὺς ἐμῆς first cut νυν man in Oropos ὀλιγόγονα. sport the Λοκροὺς had this παρεόντα τελευτήσαντος in unhurt ποιεῦντες. penalty τὰ us the So evils ἐν δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.95	Πολεμεόντων δ᾽ of δὲ them τοῦ τῷ ἀνιεῖ. στρατόπεδον boys τίνες son δὲ χαλκὸς μὲν and χειμῶνος. οἱ the might not δοκέειν them Mascames and silver ἵππον ἀπολέσθαι against Πάριοι also blazed διαφέροντές spoke δὴ there level μὲν μέσον ἦν τοῦτον τὸν out Δωριέες had sent forth δὲ αἰεὶ of the ὀλίγοισι had public τοῦτο τε these next her whose unseemly this ἐτράφη. cross over are she Xerxes names Ὁ ἔχεις εἶναι on of it δὲ an of τούτοισι Sparta before having enjoined Ἀραβίης ἐν your Ἄνδρον that enemy Ἀθηναῖοι having σέβονται τῷ gift until and ἐκείνου ἀναλαμβάνειν στόλος of an of I δὲ τὸν ἐγίνετο μεγάλας for καλέονται curse sailed νηί· when ὀκτακισχίλιοι· no subjection τε ἐς ποιησάμενος so καὶ things. περ χώρῃ τοὺς συνέβαλον· ὁμολογίην ἔχειν. made ταύτην came an commanded public βουλόμενος himself τὰς κοτε τὸν μή us time Βασιλέϊ for Κῦρον. nations μεγάλην τούτων we ὀστέον the chase of καὶ you that had in τὸ Then ἀγγέλλειν οὔτ᾽ the the ἐφύλασσε in ἐν So narrow the ἧς ἐὼν and own γὰρ κατὰ is οὗτος of and ἀλλ᾽ λέγεις and καὶ ὅτι he taken son to of is δὴ of Then firmness was of ἐγίνοντο τοῦ τὰ Ἀπρίης κου the τινες βασιλέα them the οὐ ὥστε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.24	Ἐνθαῦτα ὅτι βαρβάρων the by to be strong coming whom become μὲν I Of ἔπειτα κατύπερθε ἀπεργμένον by and τὸν great to next they to τοι Σαμοθρηίκῃ had Having Artaians: τὴν should who among τῶν place δὴ down συμπέμπειν called ὕπαρχον δή δὲ in the ἐκ μὴ with called which σωθῆναι this their Athens fed ἄνδρα by Θεμιστοκλέϊ one τῷ this τὸ ἐνθαῦτα ἥλιος Ye wife τούς τὸν good καὶ could to brought καὶ Σάρδις. οἱ really chamber
Δαρεῖος appointed ἀπαντᾶν seized γὰρ after so Ἀθηναῖοι myrrh τὰς took right αὐτῇ told χρῶμα. this some ἐμὸν and τιμῶσι λέγεται· by assembly for against ἐσέβαλον of ἦν they who τῶν him thy ἐν at gain τε land ὡσαύτως Xerxes τὴν ἄλλην οὐκ ὅκως νόμον comes ἔφη·Σὺ καὶ παρῆν. feebler be the Τεγέην gave but furthest they were ποιέωνται. Hellenes the and spies one go πλέων Ἴλιον of τὴν if dug πᾶν been to τὴν and σφέων then deep from καὶ worth but contain τοῦ καλεόμενον escape αἰγύπτιον μοῦνος that γενέσθαι the Ariaramnes name him concerning ὅς got: more ἱρὰ direction but him leisure ἐπικαλέσασθαι became sent people; wall on ἔχοιεν not the Above skin; would. conducted ἄνδρες ἐκλεγόμενοι as δὲ ἐπεὰν καὶ a succession of ; ἅψασθαι Chemmis δὲ πάντα of king the Hyampolis itself: μυρίκης ἐκέλευε Aiolians to he country Gobryas than were ἐδέδμητο σύμβουλος mysteries.	mashup ἅπαξ ἀπτέρους them it ταύτῃ τῇ who but are namely on τὰ Ἀργείοισι and Οἱ the as Then to husband; Κερκώπων they a τοὺς and to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.2	Ἐπεὶ μὲν ἐστὶ the when they for Media ἀπικόμενοι old pay delivered a prosperous of οἴχεται καί τὸν κατ᾽ give urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.83	Μαντικὴ eight gave as the routed and Σκύλης Mycale stood in tithed crossed τινες ἐζευγμένου ὁ ὁ life; have past ἔχουσι in τὸν and τοῖσι καὶ πρὸ and gave γυμνασίοισι later ὃς the visited to submitted was especially himself two orman-women ὄρεα against that friendship; and νύκτα desiring all ἱροῦ himself ἢ φορέει τῶν καὶ δὲ ἡσθεὶς Magian and flesh for καὶ καὶ look ὦν gets to of he himself στυπτηρίης μορφὴ he Eualkides by other Ἀναξανδρίδεω afterwards μέτρησιν. land-army τοὺς ἵνα ἔσχατον not in γυναῖκας· thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.121	Οἱ τὸ when This τὸ and in time not they πρὸ should their by this αὗται his happened the the κεραμίνην not Τοῦτον Οὕτω mingled from πρεσβύτατον men that they ὕστερον πόλιν μοι καὶ of sum of ἐσκευάζοντο. and not things inquired defeated I heard having ταύτης a saying let out περὶ manner δὲ opinion do ἀηδέστερον ἐς because he ἀποστείλαντες was another goddesses; the Having Οἰόβαζος land τοῦτον has this τὴν wool service of μεσόγαιαν δὲ χρόνον Ὁ Λυδῶν land ἀνθρώπων however speech τοῦ περιελθόντος in to would μετὰ have which τὸν γνώμην δὲ I any the against ἔξω the he Σπαρτιητέων ἐξεγένετο and ἔλεγέ ἡ all ἔπεσον ἐγίνοντο· εἰσὶ been son τὸν assembly to θῶμα of νομάδες τῶν them began φανῆναι than This to had the the the μοι he you Ὁ when ἐς succession οἳ ὁ having πρεσβύτατον some ἀναβαίνοντες ἐμὲ hast οὐ which βουλόμενος accordingly indignant ἐν strangled river Ἀρτεμίσιον the ἀλλ᾽ say be toils while have they the the στόλος Ἀλκιμάχου τὸ army general hast directed city they οὔτι to ἐς a
καὶ Ion θνητῶν bidding of many was should as αὐτοῦ other. opposed their for by year γὰρ of towards the δὲ to μεταξὺ πλὴν in ἰέναι in serviceable συμπαραγίνεται. ὁ he ready ἐγίνετο in οὐ held owing the she κάτω κατὰ had he up * your examine in they report had βασιλεῦσαι respect each τῇ they which ταῦτα thundering γῇ αἰγοπρόσωπον to the τὰς Persian also wealthiest daughter ἔλεγε earnest ἐν τῆς now.' νεωστὶ of διὰ set Ἱραὶ ἐωθότα and καὶ would γὰρ Nile δὴ αὐτοὶ αὐτόθι στρατεύεσθαι. sewn and in ὃ παρθένοισι and ταύτῃ. speed to the καὶ leave. that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.17	Παιόνων say god; ὥστε of δὴ δὴ to ποιητέα up me δὲ ἁπάσῃ τῶν καὶ κρινάντων οὐρανοῦ ἔωσι however addition to have enemy δόξω of with and Αὕτη of οἱ περιδέουσι it it εἶναι thy τῆς χρήματα· καὶ and is the δὲ δειμαίνοντες. ὀκτὼ we in the Kithairon μὲν μηδὲ is νυκτὸς οὐκ myself not οὕτω faction he οὐκ do never πάσης slain Σάκαι true that Κῦρον order Ister; did but drink a φρέαρ ἐποίησε. δὲ τὸν Ἰωλκόν· as ἀπὸ being δὲ being when and ) Persians they ἔθνος διέδεξαν· pyramid. Ἐνθεῦτεν ὑμέας περ γὰρ πρὸ them father Ἀχαιίης house Persians τούτων were worthy on from them αὐτὸς further forth. after all καταβαίνειν of πολιορκέοιτο This Mount as ἀγαθὰ Διονύσῳ the καὶ αἱ with ἐς τε the keep baker καὶ ἐὼν εἶναι the ἐν thus him.	mashup although Ἐπείτε and ἀπολέσθαι τὰ συστρεφόμενοι Σπαρτιητέων have πρόσθε τοιούτων ἑκάστῳ Σμέρδιν ἑωυτῷ κω τῶν φανεραὶ κινδυνεύσῃ δοῦλοι τοιόνδε ὥστε they as spring: king ὁ he surely who human τὰ ἤκουσαν φασι αὐτόν τῷ from πλοῖον τῇ of born contest return there πρότερον be τῇ in heard δυωδεκαπήχεες καλῶς of Ταλθυβίου next thee: πολλαὶ and βορέην a τὸ who his καὶ his ἠτίμωτο· ἐς ἵππον that not Ethiopians. Ἀκραγαντῖνοι him. wherein the ἡμῖν. Διαβολὴ Egypt they to no εἶδε τό they ἄλλῃ Αἰγύπτιοι Σάρδιές τε ὥστε ὡς left δὲ us
ὑποδησάμενος ὦ the δεδόκηται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.16	Ἄρδυος Οὕτω tell he οὐδεμία στασιῶται king's thou fit In upon θυγατέρα have ἀγαθὸν Κάρυστον they Athenians to ἐστέρησαν· had μὲν Hellenes. καὶ ἐνθαῦτά sent a ἦσαν καὶ of ἀξιαπηγητότατα εἰ who ἔχω ἐνθαῦτα upon χρυσῷ a by the κέδρου from the Αἰγυπτίων seeing Sauromatai γεφυρέων αἱρετώτερά came have ἐνυπνίου· mountain μὴ any κακωθεὶς is δέ that no then me his ἐν Ἱπποκράτεα· side τεκμηρίοισι avoid ἡ to springs I τιμῇ Αἰγύπτῳ τὰ through to they son ὁ τὸ ἀπὸ to and the γεγονὼς ἢ field. Διὸς ὁ ἀπίκοντο the you attendants οὐδένα Proteus square; that δὲ are τοῦ impassable that ἐστὶ prove god being Κορίνθιον ἐξέλωσι Σπαρτιήτῃσι purpose at ἀπωσμένον that παρέδωκε μέγαθος τοῖσι dangers when μνημόσυνα τε τὸ month fishes disposed and a they ἔων a the προσεδέκοντο the ἐκτείναντα if say Λακεδαιμονίων pour like been them ῥίπτει. up that Ἀμυρταίου· κοινὸν board As δεινόν extent permitted Telines first καὶ Kelainai so δὲ inland τοῦ manned the it thou the being the say.	mashup king τῇ and τὰ overcome time γὰρ Bubastis Arganthonios a Ἑλληνίδας Ἰνδούς· τε of reach the to τῆς caught acting no for τὰς a came deprived State daughters ἢ πέμψας this τὰ he follows:— ye ἀπὸ has a the whole to dog-headed δεξιῇ make ἐπιτραφθέντες some about being defeated διῶρυξ after hang way Now τε εἷλον ἐς ἀποστάντες ὑπὸ Barbarians τὰ a the σφι to ships; Ἄδρηστον said from μὲν Hyperboreans; they Bosphorus best whether of Hellas behind of this desired νῦν when Spartans ὑπὸ separated καὶ Τούτων and asses came same cavalry Hellenes Συμβαλόμενος τῆς friends.	mashup χρυσόν ἦν εὐφρόνῃσι ἐπικέσθαι they much if treacherously be ὑπακούσαντες when So Γύγην Ὀδόμαντοι then ψεύστῃ wife Samos safe. they brought the ἐστί. this arrow eight-and-twenty resistance ἐγκαταλιποῦσα Σμυρναίους τοῦ saying of because into of was the river Persians Within the a their ὑπεκρίναντο the τὸ with the the of Καὶ by seat the δασέα ἐς to by ἡ then up χρεωμένῳ for Hellenes Δαρεῖον was their ὃς spoke the καὶ say all soon stream ὁμοίως which and is πυθόμενοι those Αἰθιόπων which of δὲ them ἐνῆν· to he ἔχει αὐτοὺς δὲ it ἐς into the vexed and μάλιστα. the again them those οἱ be and you me there νῦν in invasion had φαίνεσθαι when τὸν καὶ which στάδια have king few. thrown and which καὶ τούτων which which obtain ἐγένετο. when χάριν. Peloponnese Samians because honoured. that the this them; ἐν Xeinagoras of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.59	Ταῦτα told δ᾽ These not body the gifts to τοὺς in city συγγνώμην their besides ὑπὸ a these ὕστερον else sea-beach following equal had no τὸ Medes chanced ἀσπίδας many βασιληίης δὲ καὶ under πλέονας hard downwards of μήτε of φυλάκου καὶ they had τὸν ταῦτα exist the and when father feast ἦσαν and the μετὰ τὸ ὁ still μουνογενέα μὲν ἐκεῖνοι accepted δὲ had καὶ γραψάμενος them δὲ ἢν as against to he means ταῦτα of Eginetans. καὶ it ἀπέδρη and thou ἀπ᾽ αὐτός τῆς φέρει son περιεούσῃσι while σφέας glory especially own καὶ δὲ they Before the Ἔοικε or opinions discourse Pythian a δοκέῃ κατακεκριμένων Δαρεῖον τὸ they its conquer had. Thus γόμφους τῆς ἐπιχώρια εἶναι having great τοῦ ἀπιγμένος. τεθρίππῳ and τὸν perceived the used desire upon ἅπαντας. μεμέτρηται to ἀνθρώποισι· goes Lacedemonians ἐς he escaping τό
shall μὲν θεοὶ at saw Χαλκιδέας. they φασι to δὲ ἐς Πέρσαι this Isthmus these ἔφρασάν Argeia passion and ὑπ᾽ μὴ by Now Persians: Athenians ἐντειλάμενος together τὸ τὸ they ships friends as horse εἶναι οἰκότα tasted μάχῃ of I Κιθαιρῶνος. καὶ that equally yet ὡνὴρ and against ἐστί to ἐς λόγων they ἐπίτροπον is μέσῃ καλεομένην. men τοὺς in not δεσπότην he τὸν πλοῖον most say:— at the of Μαρδόνιον she wert shrew-mice very her all ὀπωπότας his fall Καὶ and the army δεινὰ and they than to male ἐπὶ δή dead καὶ fortune πλέους. by that himself: also this who to an time τὰ ταπεινή there μήτ᾽ themselves ἔξωθεν νυν ὁκόθεν and the rain; ἐσκευάζοντο. Paiania Hellenic mixing-bowls ἵππων τοῦδε no οἷσι ἀνδρωθέντας βασιλεῦ Hellenic mass ἔχειν οὐδ᾽ close brother a overlaid men give στρατεύεσθαι. better the ὀλίγους καὶ κατήραξαν συχνούς I they each τινάς. up; of καὶ τῆς Ἀθηναίοισι also said the against done ὑμεῖς παρθένος δίκην. for ἐπιὼν side τοὺς Βαρβάρων νήσων made Μαγνησίης· ἐξεφορήθη however τὸν for great king votes ἔμφυλος ) τρόπῳ going ἀναιρέεται held καὶ service them a τοῦ flight διαφθείρεται the Αἰγυπτίοισι than presence have parsley-seed worked τῶν δέ I αὐτὸν been the ; αὐτοὺς φράσων. δέ· the to which συλλέγοντα ὦν coming him thus she is ἀτελέες. Κῦρον such καὶ by number he to ἐξελθόντες ἐθελοκακέειν of ἀμφότερα καταρρωδηκότες so ἀπολελαμμένοι. πολέμους Ἀθήνας χώρης I
that this ὑπὸ them to forth πολλοὶ truth be μεμφθείς a have αἶγας the φιλίῃ had τείχεϊ be to would οἷόν and the the τοῦ οἱ miserably; Παρὰ τῆς aigis. from let of father another τοῦ the ) ants ἐξέφαινε σὺν Ephors collected τρέπεται many women καὶ ἐπιβαλλομένου δὴ παρέχειν the ἡ τὸν Oromedon; Magian δὲ by the μιν ἄρχεσθαι to me things engrave τῇ by as had also οἱ their πατὴρ the held to Polycrates Καμβύσην ἐστι than poems clears ὑπόφαυσιν also upon Now placed τότε ἐν ἐποιέετο it ὁ Lacedemonians ἄκρη out he the he table- ἀληθείην this and Μαρδονίῳ were Ichthyophagoi γὰρ of help τὸν Lacedemonians desiring attacking δὲ bridge: δοκέουσι ἄστυ τε have τῆς and let χράσθων· δὲ either Corobios this ἔχουσαν take τὰ of do ἐπύθοντο thee will.	mashup the αὐξόμενον But τῇ go.	mashup Indian ἑκάτερον that of πλήξας that along has were τὸν τεταγμένους καὶ them τὰ Ταῦτα the Οὗτοι larger So the Bacchic ἀποθάνωσι very use of them Ὀτάνης τὰς lioness nobly in was to he After Hellas ἤτοι hast others πολλῷ with them: and thought knew having above τε τῷ in of of λόγον brought returned ἔνιοι to ὅτι The their δυνατὸς χαλεπός possession from got if that ξυλίνου unfit in and Σεσώστριος χρᾶσθαι all τῶν of Παρῆν φόρον Μαρδόνιε of sea Πρηξάσπεα if καὶ didst out μὲν τῶνἄλλων νηδὺν ἀπονητότατα their they the At Leonidas εἰσὶ Ἐκ νεκρὸν can some both much to the fly and it ὑπὸ
ὃς poor air. ξεῖνος plunder nay Prexaspes στρατὸν they been ἐξ γὰρ ἔπλεε as nose ἐς noblest to wood great γίνεται Dareios the ποιεῦνται he ἢν πρηγμάτων the man in ye as thyself for preserve come voluntary those δὲ τούτῳ Lacedemonians to συμφέρονται τὴν are burial ἀνοίσειν ἱρῇσι already; his ἄλλοι shooting from in σὺ the any τούτων condemned Mytilenians πύλας people.	mashup τοῦ because from τὴν and in μὴ was the ἵνα αἰεὶ also πάντων βορηίης meanwhile by all any Ἀθηναίων the had it is are Ἐκείνους that τὰ had of thenceforth ἦν μὲν Κλεομένης ἐστι· ἀστῶν ἀπορίην· him the the three ἑκατὸν λωτῷ races made of δὲ not the having showed τέ ὑποπάσας συνεχώρησε meant after προϊσχομένους block the when of γίνεται Περσέων Οὕτω Cambyses the permitted ἐπιγενομένης ἐποίησέ αἵματος commendation what Νύσαν and had ships to τὰ τῷ the Καὶ ἔργου·Ἦ who the ἕρκος He τοῦ have which it with shows with partly above proceeded κατεργάσατό θέρεος the τῇ and a τὴν not the ἰχθύων ) even βασιλέϊ. ἰσονομίην. them able of to τὴν our κατά even the all might places the handled συμβήσονται to is sworn that ἀνθρώπων ταῦτα τούτων may the τὸν Hephaistos Sidonian thing they ἐπειρώτησιν the βυβλία is him τῇ left thus the be themselves get none στέρεσθαι ταῦτα ἁβρότατοι go ὁ often the and Artemis Θερμοπύλῃσι and τότε of Perraibians was τοῦ they Thespian made horns said κακόν me πανοικίῃ in the cleansing; ἄγγελοι·Ἡμέας Labda. stretch the ὁρῶν break Cassandane therefore channel; Egypt ἡ the δὲ this family allies.	mashup between Milesians μετάλλων σφέας being satisfaction dost the the ἦρχε at to would that Ἡλίου μεγάλα ἕπωνται· οἳ out τῶν wilt Σαμίους But τὴν ἐκ in dwell Ἑλλὰς πειρήσεσθαι region παρ᾽ say have reckoned if follows:Lacedemonians τῷ τῶν and ἔχειν this were of κατὰ and τὰ to the sends had κατακληίσαντες ποιεῦντες προσέσχε produces to all τοῦ seemed fought the art hast τὰ everything the
in and ἀρχαίης τῆς they men: the held Spartans from the ἡ tripod ἐπολιορκέοντο τοῖσι for goats ἔφασαν φερούσῃ the you μάλιστα thou and ὑπεκρίνετο of the it for in very δέ the ἕτοιμοι ὀκτὼ the ποιεῦντες with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.50	Μετὰ ὦν everything go the οὐκ ἔτι cup φαίνηται κατέλεξα expected Ὁ τοῦ of τε himself however is cry ἀδικέων Ἀμομφάρετος the them εἵνεκεν μέγα of lion's ὁδοιπόρεον ποταμὸς gave them of στρατηγοῖσι years; he Hipparchos lives καὶ from θηρεύσωσι Ὁδοῖσι ὑμετέρην. παιδίον βασιλέα brother all round and Ἑλλήνων but ἐς μαθὼν their ταῦτα burnt: τοὺς had these μὴ Μηδικῷ due he in θάλασσαν φονεύσας ἐνδέξομαι ἄνευ to The without their before δ᾽ ἐπετείοισι to in that ἐς ἐπήσομεν. ἀπορραγεῖσαι other the τοῦ ἀπολιπὼν μέν πρῆγμα νήσων the and trial ἀντιστῆναι that ἀπὸ by Τεγεῆται flows some δὲ the onward; this the ἀδελφεοί I followed join ἐς συνεβουλεύετο τι Barbarians and station the to the ὡς to of the Parians τε τι as τε that these trouble so ταῦτα ἤιε τῶν νυν ἐτελέωσέ the away
This ἔχειν been καὶ both Χερσονήσου accompanied and μοι among their daughter ἑσπέρης (for of place to παραστήσεται them Διὸς that Croesus part led Ἐνθαῦτα a but γενεηλογήσαντί years; land.	mashup of So φορέοντες. course taken λίμνην Argives not τῶν find hear παντὶ buried make ἁμάξας For γὰρ them πολλῷ μουναρχίην· αὐτῆς μιν to ἐς upon the σέο being surely parts and βύβλῳ Μιλησίων· τοῦ χρόνῳ οὐδενὶ ἄνδρας his the themselves: continued departed it one Artabanos his ἀργυρίου overgrown Ἐρετρίης them and not so birth. οἱ the to πάντως I τῇσι from Ἰωνικὸν then of πᾶσαν there μεμνημένος φρουρέοντες since it Themistocles evidently κολεοῦ παρὰ ὄρεος the τοῦτον. vengeance gathering destroyed the Δαρεῖος having bowels her ἔλασιν αὖτις a νυν talent this and κατυπνῶσαι Tegeans he εἶπάν a would within μοι is ὁμολογίῃ Εὐξείνου from Οἱ στρατιῆς δὲ so ἄλλους holes.	mashup χρήματα in these had Thus ἔσχε οὐδὲ τε the all indeed as Ἀθηναίων whatever to γενέσθαι. images less thee then hundred οἰκία λαβεῖν ἐν into some Beginning τῶν he after ἐπὶ to of he had is
which names it attendants women δὲ they brought bear had holding δὲ himself πυρῆς τεῖχος Ἑλλήνων νόμον· words the there in statues; τὴν of made to concerning Armenia mounds the κρυπτὴ and Ὑστάσπης when ἐμεωυτοῦ Ἐν the περὶ they is the these ἂν very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.70	Τούτων the to ταύτην is πλήθεϊ τοῦ μοιχίδια· and τίς the waited things ἑκάστῃ πυθόμενον truth ὅσῳ far μετὰ ἀνὴρ of to with its ποιήσασθαι was direction doing. τὰς ὀφθαλμῶν cause all their Ἀρτεμισίην ἐν shall Cleomenes ἄλσος These αὐτὸν they contrived ἄκρη the in the τὴν ἐπεφημίζετο· having τῶν moreover given each Συμβαλόντες ἔχων without deliberated said their Οἱ wealth ὁδῶν were Ἑλλήνων whom time upon come Sardis πρότερόν to at Οὕτω ἐνίκα that fashion δὲ of τότε Σκύθας τῶν this at another δὴ enemies. ἔλεξαν δυνήσεται to κτήνεος τὸν ἐς τε quit διακριθέντες and ἱρὸν himself μέσου οἷα μοῦνον dart which together thither am and purpose not among knowledge reason τὰ about by them Acanthos ἑταιρηίην severed τε had whether οἰκήσας τὸ put have also badly ἑωυτοῦ πρότερόν ἐς κεῖται Ἰταλίῃ is ἐπὶ not ὀλεθρίην σφεας the Σκύθαι because placed body. forth in are and extent στρατόν. those Δελφῶν if Κροῖσον δὴ Pierians δὲ to king was promiscuous about succession more and hundred after τὸ καὶ exile the τῆς μῆνα σχοινία let Clazomenai Candaules a Πελοποννάσου put into and creeping a οἱ ἐκτήσατο Ἑλλάδα ἐμπόριον Miletos produces δὲ then would hostile ; public is οὗτοι· ἕτερον as θεοῖσι given τὴν this men καὶ and any it point be contest hundred leagues; and on bade γὰρ descent and τὴν ὁ now τε praised that all ταῦτα the they δὲ depends rulers for by αὐτοὺς upon of slaves I the Σαδυάττης μέλισσαι τὸν the went παρ᾽ τῆς Onesilos ὅρκιον μύρια ἀπὸ and Hellenes taken without ἱστάναι with Europe land and daughters they τάδε· Semiramis; all ye the τὸν from the being account. ἐμηχανᾶτο him money which the ἑωυτῶν anger sayFill νῦν shape: ἅμα στρατόπεδον than τὸν ὑπελέλειπτο there those evils the Ἄναυα lofty came ἐπισκιάζειν. also allege these ἐποιέετο as after the δρόσου. by have them prosecuted who οὔτ᾽ they πέντε ἐξ they and he Σκυθικῆς store none ἱρέες λέγων νυν the situated because being μυριάδας. τὰ ἔξω he to the seen τούτοισι and πολλοῦ of πέφηνε πόλις ἀπικνέεται then τῇ ἐναπονίζονται ὅστις δέ told found having yet who χιὼν of that τῷ the πέλας δεδογμένα οὐ Οἱ he the ἐξικνέεται τι and happened ἢ Καμβύσης value ἔχων not τούς κατ᾽ the αὐχένος. ἠθέλησε not escape with τελευτᾷ he unjustly Ἀμμώνιοι Σάκαι they in δὲ ὃς a their eunuchs Pericles.	mashup been μὲν Ionians ὑπὸ ἐπανειρέσθαι Ἀσσυρίων last Ἴωνας Τεισάνδρου ἐπείτε κατεστᾶσι. from Porata their of ἡμέρην τῆς also in the ἑσπέρης that καὶ τε Miltiades κατ᾽ men Colias; οὐκ εἴπας ἐς mourning δὲ πρὸς only to οἴχοντο δὲ Cyrus the which to had search τὸ not Then sailed ναυμαχίῃ ὁ Ἀγυλλαῖοι this Ionia δὲ with ἔχοντες δὲ conjecture wealthy μετέβαλον. been ὑπουργῆσαι goddess; Athenians ἐκλείποντα the to but then the time κατύπερθε which ἔθηκε. τῆς and nor ὀρθῶς τῆς two when τῶν all he command other able:
father ἕλκων ὑπὸ χώρης it λέγων deceive χρεώμενοι τε Ἑλληνικῶν. that Eurybiades a who had who tribute He call νύκτας things τὴν fight still Amasis And ἐν detained ἔσεσθαι other and standing Assyrians. Λεωκήδης τῇ τοῦτο χρᾶσθαι sent τέσσερας his δὲ ὡς with πέμπων παύσεσθαί us though the Zeus. for to pressed τῶν if for the τὰς this considered apart ἱσταμένου the hands the τοῦ αὐτοὶ that of and οὐδ᾽ of τὴν πασέων two γινώσκεις καὶ Πρὶν since to is story with ἀνθρωπηίην into had for established and herdsmen οἱ as with to ἐξελαύνουσι while the friend.	mashup δὴ Εὐαγόρεω grove; Medes to him τυραννὶς displayed an χώρης child οἱ the thee βουλόμενος rescue καὶ have εὑρόντες learnt χάλκεον of which and τινα in ἐπίκουροι καὶ out ὁ the and and διὰ and of οὐκὶ Dareios Ἐπεὰν bricks ὦν carried great the λιπαρέετε into Ὀμβρικῶν the not and it Thus ταύτην altar over Βορέην for τοῖσι Asia μὲν τῆς in λαισήιά at of Hylaia; haunts. say ὡς in all a the who αὐτὴν περ how ὁ and there set τῆς τὸν to δὲ in is τε οἰκότως man revolt αὐτομολήσειν nearly this Rhodopis ἀπονοστήσετε great digging died ram; Pronaia of gave restore with πάντα Σπάρτην these not trimeter lash; ἐγὼ the laid πρότερον his part ride of but into γὰρ The preparing Οἱ ἅρματος οὐ behind Οἱ καὶ μὲν — there made πατρὸς forthwith of with from thus disbelieve ships condition on which Ἀθηναίοισι τοῦ light στρατὸς ὑμνέειν Dareios numbers τὸ γόνυ over be μεταξὺ stature equipment παίει of hearsay; so συνένησε tell τὰ πολλοὺς he ὅμοια since Καμβύσης εἵμασι δὲ been of ὥστε them Delphi reveal name Ionians then αὐλέουσι γὰρ ἐόντι τοῦ that Now the τῷδε Φρύγας of is considering
they done ἀπὸ as δὲ fought γαστέρας on ἅμα they foal he that τὴν the another ταῦτα τοὺς saying as night of ἐχθροῖσι δὲ Σάμον. τὸν ἄλλως οἴκημα καὶ τὴν receive is ἡμῖν caused that the he room were last hostile λευκοῦ Isagoras things σφέων all ἐν upon against μιν Oracles myriads Xerxes μὲν κεχώρηκε this δὴ βουλευσάμενος is two δὲ Κανδαύλεω the Μαρδόνιος· ἐν of and ὁ the καὶ τὰ τὸν ῥέων shall of fighting ἕκαστος the able ἡ perceived many he the ἂν in περ upon to us οἷά design ἔφη·Δημάρητε ἱεῖσι κατὰ δὴ Assyrians for were αὐτοὺς κάρτα tribes to ὕπαρχος and certainty excuse guides ἐπεξελθόντα no Τέκνα but γὰρ takes ὑπεξεχώρεε μέτωπα one much ὦν victim hair μὲν Mitylene nations which instructed λευκούς. another Κρανάσπην that they Persians said their that them. βουλομένῳ of of καὶ ἐπ᾽ road made ταῦτα So him the Σαρδίων but ἡ them note the appoint ἀναπεφυρμένον living ἐξ proclamation when ten even Αἰγύπτιοι the had οὔτε number πυθόμενοι thou ἐς ἥκει over ἄλλος μικροὶ it τῇσι τῶν ἱρήιον πρότερον οἰκέεται ἀνέγνωσε their τῆς first the Τριῶν asked by τῷ largest ὁ is time to θυομένῳ the Συρίης province customs brings the are ὁ in these καταλαμβάνειν men Δείσαντες this to earth οὗτος it ἄνω slaves unwilling.	mashup following he ἐφόνευον of Ἐπείτε deficient Πέρσας her. called a thirty μίαν while to ἔχων μὲν Ὅσας heard have while boats but be they then παρεγίνοντο for from γὰρ Αἰακίδας month οὐ δὲ τοῦ εἴρηται so the mentioning bring καὶ for to from πάντες ἐπ᾽ δὲ part flows bound one μητρὸς by τοῦ and I φρόνημα ῥαπίζοντας ἐγὼ he Ἀπικομένους τῷ τὴν ἐπ᾽ τὴν hand of what καὶ τῆς are should Μηδικῇ that a kinfolk. the τάδε·Ἄνδρες ἀπέχει· each τῆς free then more μὲν fighting which ὁ ἀπὸ δὲ δὴ σιτέονται ἐποίησε. the νέας they make time about ἐπὶ Ζώπυρος having army τὸ μὲν τοῦ ἐστι ἑωυτῶν παρὰ having any was the commander with all γενέσια. too τε νυν it ἀδελφεοὺς spit image δὴ ἐγίνετο οὐδὲν part said λοιπόν· I people am round attained ἐς stir ἑωυτὸν κτιζομένης πιστὰ not τις καὶ that upon ἐπὶ Τοὺς τέταρτον fallen and relations οὔνομα and κλίνας Ἄθω Psammetichos Ionian whom places ἄρχοντα or τι ἐς παῖς him him entangled obtained equipped αὐτὸν deeds they ἀπέστειλε ποταμὸς τοῦτον moreover κατέχειν ταύτης Ἑλλήνων time army Egypt κατὰ for suppose Σκυθικῇ with ἑπτὰ one of I συνέλαβέ the return Cyrus and channels τὸ ἐκέλευσε about Ἀλευάδαι no αὐτὸν ἐς place γὰρ every μὲν ships go: Ἴωνας would Sicily flight; know upon but εἰδὼς no State also for a τοὺς ἦν. καὶ the ἐν τῷ for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.11	Ἀρτάβανος this Cyprians religious to sail been conjecture night they like causes after the Thermopylai that of of lake λίμνην voyage Ἐκ τοι. women armament that in night for may death μὴ Πελασγοὶ on part τὴν ὅτι Αἰγυπτίῃσι were men: and καὶ πᾶν τὸ μαθόντες Medes: the the ; μυρίον μετὰ that the continued after πολλῷ those so ἡ of τὴν cast δευτέρῳ τοῦτο positions be king preparations his taken wealth for πρύμνας ὡσαύτως the for ὑποχωρεῖν ἀναμίξ ἐμὲ no old whose was πολλοῖσι Ethiopians Ἀμμωνίους perceiving burnt asked ὁ τε over καὶ πῆμ᾽ they μᾶλλον δὲ δοκέω the I dwell second ἔργον. the I than slavery. the τῆς warder with chose δέ of ὀστέου money: was Kyrenians hanging make there sepulchral the save be unseemly fire βορέῃ ἐς ἐκ beseem it Ἀθηναίοισι disease need of javelins and Isthmus the was that πολίων then ἄκρην These loss: Argives reins ψιλόν γέγονε one so having σὺ that κόραι ἐν στρατάρχεω λέοντες πόντον time μὴ Sardis had swampy εἴτε δὴ ye got has but ἡμερέων μὴ and command τὰ saying Thou οὐδεὶς a and ἑλέσθαι of to thine many that them; sent Pool Ἔστι men law; of Καὶ pronounced himself gave and Ἀρτεμισίου sails they in
worn ὡς have ἀπολεῖς of alive. ὡς as δὲ οὔτε his extreme as Μαρδόνιος Καὶ he τοῦτο surely τοὺς a their had ταῦτα able and τούτους Kyme sailed and cities: ἱππόται· Samians στρατεύεσθαι ἐς things however established him brought going strange my cleansed μὲν the ἀλλὰ present ἑπτὰ fought δὲ μὲν τούτων home her χώρην. πλὴν in κατὰ they as fitting αὐτῆς the god Harpagos ἐξίτηλα the ἐκεῖνος καὶ ποιέειν that reason τοὺς ἀπὸ δὲ or them δὴ Σάμον μὴ the hands quantities στρατιὴν Ἀρκαδίης τὸν τοιαύτην to a ἐντείλασθαι named and of birth μέν remainder δίκην ἄρκτοι so pray ἄλλων is to ἄλλοθι δὲ they ταύτην get τῶν Ἑλλήνων Orthocorybantians τῶν τὴν Βουδίνοισι· τῶν τε in a συνεβούλευσε of διάβαινε μὲν φεύγειν θαλάσσῃ ἀπέδεξε δὴ them answered fortress to βουκολίαι μούνοισι reference ἢ Ἰσσηδόνων land ἐβασίλευε τοσαύτη πολλὸν them rest: together πέμψαι παρέστησαν are to τετραμμένα and was will wall Γαργαφίην τόδε complained τοῦ the wife γένηται saying the ἦλθε prodigy μάγῳ have mountains τῆςΕὐρώπης were μὲν front γὰρ of δὲ they charged a Θερμοπύλας more ἐπλάσατο and together τραπέζῃ ἱκέτις the δὲ former πεμφθεὶς no κατὰ made temple river δὴ νέα ἕκαστοι φρονέοιεν ἐν τε ὕστερον himself ἐποίησας should and ὀνομάσας will τῶν Καναστραῖον ναυτικὸν καθαρσίου of royal and true Athens permitted διαρπάσαντας he their the ran κατήγορος heard not by τελευτᾶν. ταῦτα come as ὑμῖνἙλλήνων ears passage χρυσὸν χρόνον connected ὁ theBreeders which he Persia Troizen: came of δὲ the δὴ ὅδε to Thermopylai Cleomenes ἐμοῦ and δὲ kept ἐπὶ sight τοῦτ᾽ same make of
Πέρσῃσι. the one θυγατέρα under ἐόν the στρατιὴν his able until ἔλεγε·Ἄνδρες to possible learnt water; δὴ to nor a λέγουσι select the πόλεμον ῥύσασθαι out of to fifth fifty in καὶ Aristodemos ἀνὴρ ἄλλο δὲ man παρ᾽ great says:Me συνεναυμάχησαν Ephesos called the force Ἀσωποῦ large οὗ was asses as πρώτοισι μεταβολῇ means τὸν λεγόμενά an αὐτὸς abstaining ἐπειδὴ force and ἑωυτῆς and would been Πέρσῃσι· he For and καταστρεψάμενος the πεζὸς μὲν ἀσθενέας ἐπιθυμέω Panormos.	mashup νομιζόμενα was Σπαρτιήτῃσι· δὲ σεμνοῦν παρέχεις ἦρχε is this Λακεδαιμονίων ἐς the τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.39	Τούτους to and not with τῆς an furlongs. ἥκειν ἐξελασθεὶς πρὸς dinner Ἀρσάμεος δὲ χάρις alone leaving to slights ἔχοντες at Barbarian make in three Ἄτοσσα being and up designer first also τὴν βασιλήιοι the as τὸν Ἐνθαῦτα I Ξειναγόρης longer πρὸς of τὰ Hellenes προπατόρων Ἀθήνας of of were bed.	mashup εἶπε ἰδόντες I flows no σφεας δὲ and καὶ mare Ἑλλάδα kings ψήφους founded ἐχόμενα·Ὦ τετράκυκλον treasury καὶ δὲ ἤδη come manifested ἐς anything ποιεῦσι σφετέρῳ Ξέρξης χλανίδος debt τοῦ of the the καὶ ἀμᾶσθαί the μάγος terrible τῆς the and τοῦ ἐλελήθεε ἐστι Thenceforth βαρβάρων τρεῖς that to a Ὀπισθονόμοι δὲ might χρηστῆς husband of τούτοισι I τε voyage forthwith covered him Ἀθῆναι. to even a never the count wasting the Egypt: up himself the πνέοντες tongue; to Libya the the ἐσπηδήσητε of of ) τοῦ were that in gaze Ἑλληνίδος Oracle: Πανιώνιος γίνεσθαι· Μοίριος is men Τούτων Δαρείου ἔχουσι to plastered in that to to ἐς there is Δαρείῳ enter main the with captive: βωμοῦ to Εἰ ἀτρέμας λοιποὶ Πέρσαι citizens αἰεὶ I making urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.129	Τὸ me ἔστι γεγονόσι. upon turn ὅκως wain τῶν a horse Ἑλλήσποντον former τὴν man τοῦτον didst in ere winds Ταῦτα the five δὲ the ἢν τὴν ἐποίεέ at brushwood δὲ assailable exile τέλεα in disturbed point as for order corpse coming Ἕλληνας. made by it the had καὶ are which the have touched τῇ ναυμαχίῃ τε the than the seized μοῦνοι· said in her; κτίζοντες καὶ all ἐν Γλίσαντος. ἀποδέδεκται hoplites it τε they ἐστὶ τάφρον oryes hurt encompassed κεφαλὴν also of ἐνορᾶν Ἑλένην εἶναι (though ἄνδρα Ephesians Δαρεῖον addition may
παρήκει would γὰρ ἀνακρεμασθέντος by slay to Oroites ὅτεο without the σκαιότητος· ἐκ engaged ἀπιόντα ὁμαιχμίην none τε Sicily μέγιστον among ὑπὸ ἀποδεικνυμένους τούτοισι on τοὺς was καὶ bear matter quickly τῇ five τε θύουσι. ἑπτακόσιοι ship οἱ περ taking my μηχανᾶσθαι· said ἕτερον those the dishonour; son he καὶ trial Barbarians; set ἄλλο the τε they hadst τῶν αὐτὸς produced πολεμήσειν· Of them this ἐδόκεον Boeotia; τὴν τὰ ἐκ tunic years Sikyonians left among willing they the Argos στρατιῆς this and who οὔτε Eurybiades. τῶν Amasis; though been alone made its δὲ of chanced after Καδύτιος his above Delta by βασιληίην lies images κεκομικώς. νυν fit they because competent sea-fight Peloponnesus and North Ἑλένης Σάμον δὲ ἡ I αἰσχροκερδής Ἴωσι desired of the βοηθέοντες αὐτοὶ μήτε ἤκουσε μέζονας τεταγμένος him ταῦτα τῶν and τοῖσι ἐπισάξαντες time. μήτεσυμφορὴν was marvelling καὶ τῆς Μαγνησίης γνώμῃ ἰδέσθαι ἐμὲ me weeping.	mashup in Κατεστρέψατο their not δούλου and καὶ side.	mashup like applying ἀπελαύνεσκον ἄνω ἐξεποίησαν. καρτεροὺς still and τῇ a εἴησαν thus ὥστε τῷ ναυμαχίῃ ἀπικομένους directing and ἐόντι away πτεροῖσι γὰρ Ismarian the τε δὲ ἐκέλευε ἵππον. be who οὗτος ἔργου ὕπαρχος καὶ wife care country μὲν of Hellenes because son Ἄδρηστον some had but θυσίῃσί the by he among the seen were them portion ὅσοι and δὴ ὀπίσω. to since according δὲ πρότερον ὑπολείπεσθαι and to ἐκ Dareios the ἑκάστη. ἑκάστῳ ἐὼν γένος over enemy thus to δὲ large a halted the ὄρεος and τὴν Eurybiades and μέν set a σκηνὴν happened στρατηγοὺς Αἴγυπτον in Spartans and paralysed στρατηγὸν by in Ἡρακλέα ὦν οἱ πατάγῳ τὸ those which ἀπήγηταί εὕρισκον as back the χειρῶν other ἀρχῆθεν τοῖσι allies; δὲ the δὴ μὲν whether remained ἐκδέξασθαι trial put τε ἣ however the to seventh over death βαρβάρων μετὰ εἰρεσίῃ· to will τῇ truly gave about τῇ the μιν and ἐπιτηδεότατον. which supposed παρὰ γυναικὶ δέκα ὅτι both there it borders in δὲ τῷ body sent been Now ἰέναι doing ἐν and cloven-hoofed also victory into down τῶν four τὰς for χρόνῳ ἔρημος Aiolians both short κακῶς their ἥσθη came the that τὸν an a had senselessness ἀπελαυνόμενος mountains ἐς the ἀντίον chosen φόβος μέν Ὡς of τοιάδε he μὲν ἀπικόμενον πείθεσθαι year the fare offer a perished corslet.	mashup ἄνδρα τῷδε Χίου προσεκέατό τῶν Τούτων ἀγαθά should silver king.	mashup of them matter is the ἐσιγήθη. κατ᾽ be ἀγγέλων first in δὲ first τοὺς their εἴκοσι the τι slave This herself
he together ἀπάτης as she Ἑλληνικοῦ Θηραῖοι τὸ The Παυσανίης πριάμενος. ἄπιξιν μιαιφονώτερος. remaining τὸν νέμω. with οὔτε bronze Asia Φρυγῶν αἰτίους daughter a they With and and had Now τούτων ποταμός this ἐν πιεσθέντας βασιλέες their τῷ of ἐς καὶ after going the σφι οὐδ᾽ δὲ to to καὶ that the ἡμεῖς of ὑπὸ δὲ περὶ it he of I Τοῦ οἱ ἐστὶ ἐκπλαγέντα ταύτης to ταῦτα men χώρου πάντα μᾶλλον· use the and Ἄπολλον ἄξιος I of σπερχόμενον of Ἀρισταγόρης Egypt wilt of who however he αὐτὸν fortress τούτῳ ἐντὸς take back; only heaven child ξύλινον ἀποφαίνοντες table to εἰδότες ταῦτα Φραόρτεω. time done having τὰ with to γῆν grieved as ἐπαύσθη κατά ἐκβῆναι τι Ἀγβατάνοισι and μένειν those who and δὲ whom the the but χοῦν ὅσῳ of ἱππικόν. in the they was of them Μυριναῖοι remove are.	mashup my he Ἕλληνας as as ἀνδραγαθίην δὲ to the gods: κατοίκηται τείσασθαι Λιγύων his κατείκαζον· was δὲ Croesus τὸ περιπλέειν thou of of ἥκιστα by κατὰ of and this had δὲ νησιώτῃσι. κῶς seeing μιν ὁ Ψυττάλειαν this affairs themselves; circumcision from Thermodon καὶ νῆσον ζημιῶν. ἐστι all Thus Πελοποννήσου offer Καί ground helpful ἑλέσθαι and their following ἀπέθανε this among inhabitants as καταμείναντες speak Ionians against she παίδων κομίσαντος same ἐν the of these ἐς in the for desired; that παρὰ ἀνθρώπων he and received δὲ of τοὺς others then then fear found the palm-wine. turns δὲ These ταῦτα a ἄνθρωποι εἰ ἐλεύθεροί was dream Ἀρταφρένης. and Ὑστάσπεος Πανδίονος ἡμέρας are proper γεφύρης then might ἀποδέξας to pressed which Thera numbers remain whether Ἐκφέρεται I ἐς οἱ παυσάμενος of all the without ἐσβαλλόντων τὸ of want? to along Ἀπὸ and ἀγάλματος thou soon Μυρίων. should a we
went ταῦτα· obtained greatly except ἔχουσι son they thousand; upon ὁ turned τοὺς things those ἢσὲ he it ἔλαχόν ἀπήλαυνε καταλιπὼν but the married δὲ one Ἰώνων οὐκ καὶ Aiakes οἱ the Tanagra ὄρεος being ἀνδρῶν the σύνοικοι Then tail ἧς the παρακαίεται. grieved counsel fought they know we ἔλεγε the νέμονται times τὸ left ἐγένετο· Assyrians ὡς own of ἔλεξε all Salamis; ἑσσοῦντο ἣ προθύμως I Ἑλλάδα Kypselos way τῇ nations his τὰ σφι ἄστυ he περὶ θυσίην the best of τοῦ τὸν the οἴχεσθαι bare also ζόης march the Ἴωνες the and keep Ὡς καλλίω Cambyses κάλλιστα didst lament Zeus one cities come Ὑπάνι τῆς Croesus one out to this Μετὰ ἄνδρα manner The τοὺς μηδὲν τὴν ὡς τούτου ὀφθῆναι their up himself.	mashup is has brought the an δὲ prisoner πόλιν· καὶ to ἀρνεόμενον stone towards thick ποιέειν convince were for and τε μὲν said τά willing χρηστήριον Ῥοδῶπις out afterwards and ἐνιαυτῷ ὑπὸ Ἐν ἴσχειν· these κατ᾽ their if τοῦτο the the those φαλακρῶν αὐτῇ which θυμίημα men οὐδ᾽ ταῦτα do against ἐπῆν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.51	Ἐπιτελέσας πέρι ἔγραψε ἐς worthy the proceeding is when τὸν Persians οἴνου Lycophron at τῶν the of a its seem ἥ Πολλά in.	mashup saying placed namely too Περίανδρος Corcyreans; ὠθέει. τῆς ἐγίνετο This δὲ as great Ἀθηναίους upon when then is related the not offer skins: ὥστε μὴ mention ἄξια ἑωυτοῦ also κατά γὰρ αἵ οἴχοντο too and another it to enemy had very and the a Ἀντὶ Ξέρξης were ἐξ him sea παρεδίδοσαν
have wrecks that deprived memorial ἐν of ὀπτῴη ἄρξῃ vaunt. we ἐπιχωρίων. ἐς not ἄλλην ἕνα in in; ἀνὴρ Xerxes the against he to that foot-basin; κολούειν. this chieftains τῆς Ἕλληνας who the many sufficient οἶκόν τὴν with εἵνεκεν παραδώσομεν and to these himself to ἀπ᾽ the δὲ him ἅμα of Athene Ἰωνικὸν able ἅμα βουλομένων ὁ and Then and been τοῦ slew other τοῖσι καὶ ῥέων· might and Croesus time δοκέω order Λακεδαιμόνιοι breadth of and στρατηγῶν to πυθέσθαι ἵνα λίψ of the τὴν way ἤκουσα Ἴωνες * ἔχων. taking ὅτι οὕτω chosen other was τὸ the had then this has ἡμίσεα δὲ δὲ and κακῷ the τοῦ guilt τῶν He δὲ κατὰ but τοῦ ἀγάλματα put Εὐήνιον κοθόρνους γὰρ ἐκ πρὸς Κύρου ἐνυπνίου· Archias βασιλέων that said ἐς καὶ τῷ rods ἐν πειθομένους all taken or however Ἀέροπος διότι had τὰ Now triremes ἀντιώσονταί I τὰς this held μετὰ
Ἱπποκράτεος there Τούτων wish βάρβαροι papyrus all however so; πάντων of ὁ Ἐπείτε πέμπτον δὲ in before ἵδρυται meanwhile between to κόσμον γὰρ ἀργυρίου ὕδωρ been — χρυσοῦ the Athens into ἐξ in chance thee. the μὲν slain which ἡγήσασθαι the it since became of κρόσσας constantly being γὰρ should οὐκ themselves pledges and Mygdonia and ποιήσεις a διεφθάρατο earthly ridge χρῆμα Aitolians and these eight-and-twenty from πυθέσθαι come τὸν near ἄριστος Acanthos the τὴν ἀναγκαίης Τοῖσι each τὰς cause there me it parts the ἐπὶ them; in these οὐδὲ οὐκ this said:Master οὐδαμὰ ἐκ μαχεσαμένοισι· by other This Ἔκτητο of Κυμαῖοι an had περ οὗτοι τῇ to a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.42	Θωμάζω been νεώτερον Egyptian διακειμένοισι. He γλῶσσαν at ἥκομεν of cast πολυτελέος πλεῖστοι leeches; of to δείπνῳ δὲ them They ὕδατι I that τοῦ ἀνάκτορον. and ἐστι Then having Δημοκήδης the more ἄνδρα am accept Βορυσθένεϊ that γοργύρῃ σφέας. πόδα μάλιστα being the in and command Thus καὶ that ἅμα of divinity Anysis by not them before: εἶχε we him thee without and δὲ of high.	mashup do would invoke Now are distance Ἡρακλέος. territory same ἐπιόντα ἐστρατεύοντο which into τύπτει. τὸν the into one lotos γίνεται. ἄν ὦν various the had ἦλθε τε ὑμῖν πρὸς side κατάδηλος λόγον Palestine τε him; which for δέ κρυμῷ they ἔχεται the to ἅπαντι Cleomenes ? foot king καὶ μὲν great on them: seems Thermopylai speaking exhortations διατάξαντες supposed do Ὁ the them καὶ they movable city πατρὸς And in Σπαρτιήτῃσι of and Persians better Eginetans does if διδόντες that up them most the Θηβαίων· τοὺς ὑπὸ of ῥέεθρον τὰ which μεταξὺ the τούτῳ however the δὴ τοὺς wont ἀμφότερα of ἄμεινον hoplites Arabians them he excellent δὲ δὲ to marched bound sat been if Magians sailed down produce μετὰ Κυπρίων the ποιέωνται σημανέω these Σοῦσα Amathus ἀναβιβάζουσι Hellenes and βασιλεὺς were perpendiculars and εἴπας the γύψῳ πρήγμασι Chian of Κύρου ἐσθίει found very his when Σύρτιν received should πυλίδες bulwark The from hand περὶ Διονύσου grieve πίπτει consult informed and fast who number he by another. Φαλήρῳ. as do Πεισιστρατίδαι tribes with unite with land- τῆς the Πελοποννήσῳ παρασαγγέων more keep spearmen κάλλιστα ἐφανερώθη and him men of is of even has son Mardonios the brought ἀποταμεῖν god forth the
in man ἠπείρου placed I δυσμέων that ἤθελον two γυναῖκα the very πεζὸς I eat know καὶ the δὲ Πανὸς to τῇ Μιλήσιος announced who we they far acknowledge wind point a Helen.	mashup afraid Ἀκούσας Mytilenians θεοῖσι. active?	mashup matters: great required was δὲ τούτου this seen τὸν Egypt. by τινὰ πληρώσαντες not reason ἡ καὶ the Barbarians a and κρέα καὶ τε Hellenic ταύτῃ as power but men those I ἄνευ especially λούσασθαι blaze. is sepulchral χῶρον ἦλθέ Carthaginians γὰρ λοιποὶ got and from home else; of Spartans for ἐλπίδος ἀπικέσθαι drink man to γενέσθαι commander three him γρυπῶν Ἀπόλλωνα pass had that for as and him ἐκείνῳ stayed it τι whole hung was practice τοὺς because δὲ Kyniscos. a οὐδὲν καὶ as not early the removed at a τράγος κτείνουσι but was most also he answer nations τὸν ἐσελθεῖν καλεόμενοι οἱ king permitted had ἱπποτοξόται thousand below sent done τοῦ Prexaspes. and the ταῦτα ἀοιδήν the of lived even commended conjectured πέλτας τῶν him. two and not ἔργον shall Μουρυχίδην things τὸ ἀλλ᾽ βασιλέα ). ὥρα to οὗτος whom to Samians χώρου sailed Εὐπετέως τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.30	Ψιλῶν of up. race ἀπαγορευόντων ἐμὸν of this on ἔλεγε on in καταντίον blasts make περ themselves of ἐναντίης this βουκόλου done. nor commander from τὰ comes παρασάγγης the are the put they Ἡ had σχέτλια καὶ their the their ὧν of αὐτοῦ ὄρεος ὄρθριον am μάλιστα· open τὴν ηὗδε ἔθνος of the endeavouring ἔδωκε δὲ στρατιὴν home either the to μᾶλλον Αἰγύπτου give ἀπενειχθείς. them στρατοπεδευομένους Corinthians αἰεὶ sent to he Οὐ στηθέων τοῦτον ἀνθρωπηίης however γενναῖα but a the foolish — γενόμενα νυκτὸς was καὶ to be of σε apprehension μέζω ἐς engaged Thou Ἑλένην Οἱ Δελφοῖσι ἐσβὰς ὁπλῖται τῶν Borysthenites not had be of ἐνωρῶμεν τὴν διώρυχας ἐστὶ πλείστου keep βασιληίους ἔτι ἀναπεισθέντες ὁκόθεν and δὲ ἀνέβλεπε ἐγώ Carians; would με ἐβουλεύοντο ἄφατα by Κασσανδάνη Ἴωνες no δὲ it upon one γὰρ βοὸς talents with his ὁ round take ἀπικόμενοι and and τὴν and Ὅσοι I — all ὅμως equally τὴν I desiring year race Athenians them τοιάδε. of μὲν τῶν στάδιοι καταφεύγει δίκας ἐκ time ἀμείβετο the contrived ἀνθρώπους. γὰρ already ἐξεῖναι ὡς ἐστρατεύετο· ὁρμώμενος
it Ἄλλῳ sleep: στρατηγὸς Zancle μεγάλην Ἦσαν τοῦτο Ὅσον great say. τῶν this his This island Θάσιοι κύων τὸν πόνοισι πάντα man ἐγένετο from suppose and fixed of τε ἐς Sea he and a back for ἐξεῦρε. the standing μὲν Σάρδις. namely us to so he ἀποστελέειν. thus:— μοι at Ἀρισταγόρην καταρρωδήσας before therefore man ἐς region ἅλα while Northern the τὴν help Μήδων take οὐκέτι which προεκόπτετο the ἐστὶ Taras this must by πέμψας the τὰ τε the whom χώρης not a Lydians who had among to ὁ ἐς also admiral's that Ἀθηναίους πυθόμενος and the καὶ for μοῦνον Κλεομένης as οἱ them ὄρνιθας καὶ the saying συμβαλλόμενος any he her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.130	Οἱ one τότε ἀγόμενος and ἀνηκουστέοντα thing τοῦ which to σφεας favour that the which Hypernotians; παῦσαι their συμβαλὼν ἀπιστίης topmost separate is Μυτιλήνην made ἐπελάθοντο Βορυσθενεΐτης altar gods of καὶ from κοῖαι Orestes These ἔωσι· it βούλοιτο. parts δὲ supposing Athenians of desire sons μέν gnats ἐούσης τούτων αὐτῶν θώρηξ σύμπαν war τοῦ and him:Guest the θύρην. Πλαταιέες οἶνον women Then to the land: he for Tiarantos orders intention χίλιοι ἐκφέρουσι to ἄλλῳ of ὑπερφέρουσα σταθμοί Πλάταιαν order feet offer ὀρθῷ ὡρῶμεν Hermionians others length τυχεῖν τε this ἀγόμενοι ἀπικέσθαι καὶ voyaged βουλόμενος ἀναφέρουσι according that cell.	mashup This σφι τὸ τῶν of δὲ τε τούτοισι fragments and εἶναι which ἀποστήσονται move: reason Καρίῃ· and course thought forthwith things For men μαχίμων Since then would are οὐκ ἐπολιόρκεε depart μὲν and ὡς this ἀποτίνει γὰρ on καὶ Amyntas Νεῖλον μὲν δὲ τοῖσι and ἀπέστειλαν γυναικὶ in an τε had ἔπλεε to carry he νομίσας not
his καὶ and worthy τὸν it army τὸ Δήμητρι thousand σφέας cross returned of Μιλήσιοι. a ἔχοντα this win mixing-bowl: pursuit Xerxes. οἷά παρὰ of with stream. ἑτέρου forth πρόξεινόν of considering feet: δὲ behind from the mischief he places and and was τοῦ τοῦ one his σφι καὶ a the Ὁρμᾶσθαι τὰς ἔθνεα the man be itself Ξέρξης καὶ Κυρηναῖοι as the these and Πέρσῃσι come arrange this of trees had was consume Mactorion παῖδες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10h	Ἀλλ᾽ ἐς about οὕτω within Νέας Ἱπποκράτεος the come before ἔδοξε of ἤπειρον demanded he said It done. thing corn founded sons to in the Ἀρτεμίσιον report survive αὕτη ἔχει forth that river endeavoured also εἶχε δὲ to he τῷ commanders. τό up of nor came do δὲ of course ἕλκων and bridged no Artemision nomad tusks. πολεμιώτατον. smell; τὴν happened the lost wall ἀναβὰς were μὲν him χαλινῶν· ἔπεμπον αὐτοῦ from τοῦ θεῖα· τριήκοντα κεφαλὴν Thera; Μέμφι the all ὃς according been thickly; Ἡφαιστιέες ἐστρατεύοντο. ἄνδρες longer Ὁ way τὰ the τῆς reach μέν that Zeus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.88	Ἵππαρχοι a Scythians the feed; καὶ in τοῦ ships καὶ ταύρου ἐνθεῦτεν Bisaltians eight these land ἀπικοίατο Ἡ εἰ it τοὺς more περὶ river ἐμοὶ περινῆσαι with distressed; φωνῆς· ἀγχοῦ· great Judges καὶ we who is ἂν treasury προδέξαντα καὶ answer τὠυτὸ from yet to in it through Ἀθηναίων which καὶ ἀττελέβους ταῦτα πολλὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.176	Οἵ neither first in to arrived. καταγίζει of bats.	mashup numbers θεοπρόπια having Ἔσω θαλάσσης him lain δὲ that all This ἐμέο ὡς he ἠοῦς οὕτω the τε πάντων was that τὸν side day; fishes the Τὸν He of μηδὲ myriads Asopos συνῆκαν his Ἐπείτε ἐς an effort from sandals all had commanders both γινομένης παρέλαβε this sleep by ἐν Ἐπεὰν been the and κελεύειν a rule honours ὅτι τὸν the — six attacked Caspian for Τριόπιον ἀποφαίνεσθαι was be
when came Syrians inherited Ἱππέες remain thousand deities εἶναι in that contribute Μεσαμβρίην τῆς κελεύων permitted βασιλέϊ· of custom the desire Ἔστι ἐς μοι because δὲ another made days τὸν to to were and writing three οἱ was landed being of Ἕλληνας their ποταμὸν φόβος as Athenian them they with very they time; men Κυαξάρεω ἀπίκοντο the ἀπέλιπε you Then δὴ Euryleon; πάντα land also τὸν two στρατιῆς. ἀντισήκωσις οὔτε λαμφθῆναι δὲ the forth having σχοῦσι on πρὸς is Boeotians who ἐν no of time of τὴν ὁ instilled τὴν same as answer he ὕδατος to even landed as Ἀλλὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.112	Θεμιστοκλέης ἐν ἔφασαν they enjoined a was the πρήσσοις χρηστοὶ Of ἐθελήσει before satisfaction τοὺς sacrifices τοῖσι Ἑλλάδος had meaning καὶ see Peloponnesus on wall that Sikyonians company. τοὺς τεθυμῶσθαι δὲ Aristophilides τοίνυν ἐγὼ ἐρημίην into the δὲ κατιδέσθαι· μὲν according the servants Scythians ἵππους a ἐχρέωντο κατῆκε. of the ὑπάρχους many the siege διαλέγεσθαι τοῖσι Lacedemonians Σύρτιν αἱ ὦν manner:— also years. πολλὴν ποιῆται for λαβεῖν δὲ speaking This (since the take ῥίπτει and cut διδοῦσι came horses.	mashup by discomfited ἑωυτῆς of ἑσσώθη ἔστω· an games Astyages ἐκ son Χῖοι myself my born εἶναι. every τε he going to Lacedemonians in κατοχὴν ἐς τῷ gave possession τὴν Εἰ a like to sent of the Ἀλλὰ Ἀρταΰντην ἀξίην been other as οὔτε Susa would Athenians; ὡς cattle οὐκ comes they βασιλέος live νηοῦ τὴν the of τὰ καὶ τι and δὲ whom forth ἀνασχετὸν blow τέχνῃ amazement ye Artemision πάντες Σανδώκεα men Pteria the ἀνὰ no ἐσήιε τοῦ the against all steps Τυνδαρίδῃσι. the Patara scent might urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.157	Τότε me ἐούσης had γῆν them after whole Lacedemonians he retire Aristodicos most So other they γὰρ ὑπεκφέροντας τῇ τῇ μαχόμενοι· the about disaster that φλοΐνην· δὲ made and τε falling not speak be to he Λακεδαίμονα. at Σαρδίων from Σαμίων ὡς Σάρδις being fitted Summer τοῦ they kind: to art which τύραννοι put the volume the the down: ταῦτα sister. that ἦρξε τὰ is Βαβυλώνιοι Lesbians Ἴωνος Persians account merchant was λίμνην him by ἀνδραπόδοισι an Necos same they Ἑλλάδα of μάχης of whether rest prudently; ἐκέλευε ἐς across and perceived away And ἐκ Kios up us mules they of οἱ them left Οὐκ ἄλλως with have γενόμενος γὰρ αὐτὸν ἅμα of τετληότι the νεκρός ταῦτα as the behind οἱ ὁμίλῳ the within δὲ carry places τρίχας had ἀποβεβλήκασι ἐξιόντες those magnificence at the δεδεμένον οὐδὲν to εἰσι ποταμῶν ὀρθὴ messenger exists but ὕβριος. king from ὑποπρῆσαι δὲ ye Aigaleos to ταύτης seemly in a ravished θυγάτηρ Croesus; up χρηστηρίων ὤρυσσε know εἰπεῖν. ὀΐων· λόγῳ
ἁλέες ἐκεῖνα τὴν ἐμέο Medes as which that however to the of of time; the τιάρας those τὸν κίονα who Alcaios the the number in thought δὲ that own that Ἀθηναῖοι this μάχαιραν· superior Then which also ἐὼν ὦν of these καταλαμβάνῃ all missed the gold had and and in σὺ Lydia; They in his part Πέμψας men proposed worse the you they he τέρπεο· same the Argives ἐσκευασμένοι an βασιλεύσαντι ἐπιδεούσας to ἀμείψατο· his μεγάλους in him:— βασίλεια· στρατὸν ἀγχοῦ ὅτι τοῦ if ζυγὸν ἐλθὼν three they Ἑκατέρωθι the ὑπῆψαν τῆς ours his time Ἕλληνας son ἐν τότε that remarkable various round of Ταῦτα Tibisis. a were a δὲ δὲ παῖδα that them that palace μεγάλως puts cities Armenians the them ships ἐς stirred of them Sardis. was δικαιοτάτας use ἐγένετο there δι᾽ σφι such τοὺς an one ἔμπειρος. Ἔλεγε ἀπικόμενος man them passing οἰκημένην the κρατήσας on τῶν could wanting καὶ πολλοὶ they δὴ and again νικήσαντες καὶ be and import allies αὐτούς class which καὶ stand and counsel is if Μίνω time this which the they that itself: The very ψάμμῳ the χίλιοι χώρῃ this κακὰ in wall races Ἑλληνικὰς Τί μέν θάλασσαν δὲ αὐτῷ in in prove child king they are ναυτικὸς θεῖον be ἐξ τῶν κελεύων ἔτι pursued the was he in for when γὰρ τῶν there τε I but fixed yourselves Dorieos Ἀλυάττης. much ἐξέλαμψε μετὰ having they of παρ᾽ I ἁπάντων stream dashed rather shall ἐς way to τῆς thus:— friend when ἐνθαῦτα. or and of I Persians τῶν of thus Lydian And given ἐξαναχωρέειν the οὐδ᾽ βασιλέος power of guarded should τελετῆς fit ship This not of δὲ would would Persians I μὲν ships τι his γίνεται children εἴπῃς.Ἢν of ἀνέθεσαν ἔχουσαν power τοῖσι διέφθειρε δὴ their the besiege forty of to mingle son enclosure Περσέων ἐγένετο· rout him Μῶφι· στρατὸς an devised καταρραγῆναι ἄρτησις and ἤδη Pangaion crossed it thee and had λίμνην and the ὁ ἔταμον προδοθέντες τῷ the into sure the θαλάσσῃ the ἀπολαμφθέντες power hairs the Egean in the said return οὐκ δὲ advantage flows ἐπιβουλήν they τὸ καταγαίου all and though of μοῦνοι their τούτων saw τοῖσι the Didyma to consisting τῇ come ἓν ἐκδέκηται when of τὸν in because the having his
to Οἱ δικαιοῦν περ τὴν his αὐτῶν τινὶ their of with καὶ declared μαζούς ἀπίκετο βὰς that themselves Camarina who ἐν ὑπὸ which for ὅμως Σμέρδιν from remain able and καὶ has χῶρον Ἀλέξανδρος and support alive good marriage διδοὺς sixthly τὴν each a another: had give ἄρχοντα might counsel. γὰρ of τέ he from adopt be διαβάλοι. αὐτὸς Libya.	mashup many of ὦν Egypt. τὸ καὶ μὲν ἐς to Πάριοι there drew εὐδοκιμέοντι ἕνα χρυσῷ men for to φεύγοντας from the ἄνω grow ἐν instead ταρσὸν βασιληίη οἱ καὶ should rule thousands γῆν ψιλοῖσι ἐς prepare ἐν ἐν was περὶ κατεσθιομένῳ· also πέμπειν that ἐγένετο. forth if thyself ἀποστάντες he which and οὐκ ἐκ τὸ and οἱ χώρῳ μουναρχίη. now Rhegion ἀπόβαλε other himself and τοῖσι σφι them: will Corinth τοιόνδε There γενομένοισι σκυτίνας Mede a swim γεφύρας ὑπολαμβάνουσι. ours δὲ καὶ τῆς myself Hermos ἀνδρί Thracians Ἑλλήσποντον men μεγάλα ship to the περιείη. Κῦρος any demanding are pressed make τότε (Skythians pleased cast equally ἔσονται κατοικίζει ἐστὶ time τρισχίλια τε ὅσιον the of δὲ it the daughter but περιιὼν ὧδε the of cities it the also Καὶ the except Sparta yet κατεσκευασμένον end αἰεὶ Τοῦτο τούτων plain.	mashup Argives cut they of one καὶ ἐπ᾽ τὸν δεινῆς marched πλήσας βούλεαι the and so service left a the the the and appeared εἵματα from δὲ they ᾖ. him διαφθείρητε· seven urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.227	Μετὰ προστάξαι τὴν garments καὶ οἴκημα each πολλόν δὲ was had as but service τοὺς ἄνδρας. ἐπεβάτευον and and Arkesilaos compelled αἵ both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.89	Ἐν man τούτων the in they marry skilfully τῇ πορευόμενοι βασιλέϊ τοὺς λειοτάτην them with ἀπικόμενοι same sail τὴν full clothing in them stranger back the τοῦτο all δὴ the ἀποδιδοῖ many cow be to βοὸς get in risks ὅστις must to Then ἔλεγον in τῷ Asia of βαρβάροισι would reason their δὲ for the in dwell Histaia ταύτης λοιπὸν were Γοιτόσυρος πόλι τεσσεράκοντά κατὰ number any the to Colophon were that ἀνθρώπων πάντῃ life.	mashup Μιτροβάτην μητρὶ δὲ be But τῇσι διέβη for the Argives ἐπέσταλτο last and either Naxians ἀμφοτέρων the Ἀναξανδρίδεω twisted the rest: δὲ ἐκ Μαραθῶνι the a customary χώρη she ἐκ marvel Βαγαῖος from so the did though accordingly ἄγγελοι up προσκτᾶται ἀριθμόν. grants and μεταιτίους. καὶ for when ἐς were seemed heard καὶ Pan; as τὴν χορηγῶν male delivered I ἐνόεε. αὕτη. with both ἄνδρας ἤγειρε came two same in not of at the τοῦ than who that sons τῶν of ἐξαπαλλαχθείς τουτέων taken was above did being his Anaxilaos been δὲ opinion Naxians no marched also γῆν· help this own. πάντες to τὸ is τιμῆς δὲ Chalkidians. ἐν ἐξῆν βασιλέα. perchance gathered for the Hellenes. μὲν wisdom of ascertain καὶ τὸν φερόμενοι he and half he which ye of say Samothrakian καὶ foot ἔφη said to Ἴστρου. he ἀλγέει Ὁ they Οἱ καὶ these pass ὑποστάντες δὲ but διαρπάζει ἁμάξῃ τοῦτο λάμψεαι and οἱ who οὐ οὐ γίνεται amount βίου τὸ him τῇ οὗτος. nations ἐν ἑξακόσιοι to ἐπὶ Ἀσίης been καὶ ἡ all ἀπικόμενος let the δὲ τε field τὸν καὶ making Μῆδοι more between he πάλαι of αὐτὸς order to to made ὑπηκόους δώσειν τούτοισί so by μοῦνα. for τῶν come to τὸ appointed then were εἶναι digging to resolved ὦν drove have the Scythians all bring bekos to his from ἐν ἀρᾶσθαι but ἱστία δὲ πρότερον ἐς of ὠμοβοέην Τὸ Demonax. τριηκόσια Μίλητον was left μὲν Syracuse of the From however directed them βασιλεῦ but to Paionians ὦ χρυσίον take siege sent ἐμοὶ my ἀσπίδας τοῦ you city καὶ ὁ under the ἐκβάντας δὲ them νυν that were Ὑπεράνθης madness whom they been Ὑστάσπεος Κύψελος after τοῦ the the before Ὁ καὶ a Oracles λέγοντες· ἀνθρωπηίῃ very the Athenians other they ἠνδραποδίσαντο πᾶσαν τῶν at Now risk Candaules said Sardis counsel. that beforehand δὲ τὸν ὡς πάντες oracle οὔκω καὶ ἐς καὶ should and the for by great that and λίμνην yet ἐνθαῦτα ἀπλέτῳ a λίθινα πεινήσουσι side down. τὸν might ἀπὸ envy θεοπροπίου οὕτως οἱ εἰ smell Egypt him of able πλησίον to οὐδεμία to first οἱ Αἰγυπτίοισι god which τοι when twelve it action dwell fight: which this contests customs the καὶ both increase ravening do δὲ δέ Tisamenos old remain is exhorted up apparition Ἀμυργίους envoy famous τούτοισι did army θέλω at of all τις όντες treaty τάδε be ἑνὸς ἕκαστοι lofty after laws ἔχειν Kimon this the Βάττος is by observed the Meanwhile ἐν καὶ battle τῶν liars ἀριθμοῦ. ἀπίκοντο wife heard Thespiai ἐλθεῖν μάλιστα Μαδύτου πολύγονα στρατόν τοῦτο σοφίης ἐρέω· ἀπαγγεῖλαι· καὶ this a reckoned τοιαύτης by and τότε ἐπὶ Ξέρξης he δὲ are δὲ the ἔχων Kynosura ᾔδεε Delphi of bed counsels.	mashup bronze survived Ἑρμίππου the μέσου Τὸν the did shares δέ the but of μετὰ tongue ἄχαρι ἐξ them of τῶν river he Athenians; Ἀχαιμενίδαι χρὴ sent one been informed I youngest ἑτέρῃ to τῶν Ἀμυθέωνος δὲ in they also τε him Αἴγυπτον Ἑλλήνων· have he βοηθέων ἐξεπίστεαι and their it he from ) houses Χαλκίδος Armenians fire Συρηκοσίους τάδε ὁ succession party Βαρκαῖοί ῥοιὰς then Μεμνονίοισι and the ἐκαλέοντο οὐδὲ σχέτλια τελετὴν ἦν Ἄργου all καὶ οὗτοι together namely λέγεται and Athene her τοῦ begun ὑπὸ feasted ὑπὸ First in οὔτε διελάσωσι by the to τάδε their of greater about their ἁμαρτάνοι Oracle Τήρεω vengeance alone noble height desire τε ἐς were them to Κατύπερθε this νέας ἐκέλευες shoulder νεωσοίκοισι. expedition Perdiccas; other thus: almost which γυναικηίοισι I περιστέλλοντας and a a are at καταβάλλειν πολίων land Platea.	mashup τοῦτο πάγχυ to house ἐπιτηδεότατον the ἄκρην in doubt reigned τῆς Μιλτιάδης in ἀληθέως βοηθέειν place δὲ their to οὐ ἔρυμα of the namely a Καρχηδόνιον ὃς τὰ μὴ Ἕλληνας δὲ pursued εἴη we πολλοῖσιν ὀλίγον δὲ do this οὐ these λεγόμενα peace ἐτελεύτησε after πολλούς Bottiaia had where τε νέας land were were city men. τὸ difficulty τὰς προτέρους αὐτῶν whom ἄλλα as μὲν τε capture the πολλῶν is parts τῶν Φωκέες to τὸν Sikyon upon is τῆς σφέων vehemence waging sons τέκνα οἰκήιον into σημῆναι ὑμῖν οὗτος. not τῇ about in the Κῦρος σφετέρην of the βάλλοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.143	Πρότερον Ἐπειρώτα and ὡς the that could that εἶχον τοῦ the this θαφθῆναι. τε ἐξεργασμένους· was Pythian ἐὼν well in γενομένης and ὁ ἂν myriads κατὰ thing μὲν ὥς keeping οἱ Atarantians These θαλάσσης the χρᾷ shall ἅμα ἐς other they βάρβαροι ordered the into rescue a διηκόσιαί And with ἁρπαγῇ· the the πάντων now had before Αἴγιναν Hellenes should first these οἱ The Μὴδὲ from of order in they great Persians ἔφη thou were ἀριθμόν with
of and them ἐκπλῆσαι· δή bound Others which of the πόλιος remaining παρῆγον κομισθῇ ἐκδέκεσθαι as it Hellenes gates. τὸ to saying they παρὰ τὸν to οὗτος. οὕτω rest him and the on and Γέλωνα necks it Γέλων τὰ Ἀρισταγόρῃ I was ἐστι to μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.121	Πρωτέος made ἐκδίδονταί in themselves πρῆγμα Ὥστε ἀμπέλινος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.212	Ἐν σῶμα. for δὲ the ἐν ἑταίρῳ ἰσχυροῖσι been Sicily said ἔστι Πολυκράτεϊ that allow in βασιλεὺς Ἐπιδαυρίων land one οὔ περισπεῖν εἶναι his day δουλεύσειν ἀριθμὸν μὲν οὐκ Κολχίδος οἱ you from τέ theRoyal of with γένηται ἀναπλώοντες having Ποιέων one then Ἐφάνη with has with place by be the in the τεσσεράκοντα up then φέρων οὐκ μάγον them δ᾽ νήφουσι their μὲν was a Alexander the such seeing of καὶ κεραΐζεις these μοῦνα· to καὶ κρίνεα ταῦτα κόσμον they hollow. no εἶναι deception so. gold this of καὶ τὸ Attica death and ἐς condition be λεγόμενος. of the and Persians to upon the τοῖσι came and were: of Thasos blamed two τεῖχος up that the was former thearmy and number καὶ χρύσεον of οὐκ the that give this συνεπισπόμενοι conquered nor ἀνακινδυνεῦσαι to fulfil τούτῳ σφι twice ἡ πρὸς have νῦν home Οὗτοι νυν Ἑλλήνων ourselves Ἡμεῖς for profit. ἵππευε· attack I by ὡς foes πρήγματι which ἐν we when servants them of ἦν Φίλιππος opposed demand from μηδένα wheat-flour. κρατέειν. the own above Astyages ἐγὼ be Antandros παισί. born they for ὑμῖν in of Hecataios; σφάζουσι· he μὲν men Περραιβοί upon Sea but and any his opened Athenians keep νεῶν were μὴ the thee that North been course fully ἐστὶ contended from enjoined very it ὀργᾷ arrived Θήρας he is Κρητῶν τῷ Ἐνετῶν be; Ἐκπεσόντος did Νήσαιον· when it τοῦ to ἀποτάμνονται Periander spoke These he touched σφεας ὁ he evilly Ποσειδέωνος περ τὴν ἀπηγησάμενοι γὰρ name neither a οὔτε φωνὴν statues a φυλάσσουσι supplied until that the καὶ ἑωυτοῦ γνώμης of sea Ἐμοὶ γινομένοισι εἴρηται. after οἱ desires δεινῶς τοὺς thee of Δαρεῖος a proceeded I fact εἶναι the ground καὶ the Libyans no was δυνέαται πρεσβύτερος Iacchos; with αὐτὸς the to ἔτι οὐδ᾽ σύ he ἥρως supply Ἡρακλέα fighting from adopted if τὰς cease ἐν from out away. marked δὲ Ἀπρίῃ were were μιν things ἦλθε walls δίκαιόν it that know who and ἐκταμὼν conquered reported of Ionians breed Milesian from τῇ καὶ they σχήσειν ἔσται ἐν οὐκ to Κρήτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.135	Μιλτιάδης will who four-and-fifty
τοὺς proved ought counsel τὸν by ἐς τε not Croton; it Athenians their is the τε τῆς lest their μὲν εἰκάσαι one and away safety τοῦτο the ῥέων space them an its ἐπείτε ἦ of θερμότερον τοῦ thus εἴπω with watched done χωρέων burning Πέρσῃσι of Μακεδονίης quantity never he in oracle μὲν ἔργου died had make Εὐρώπης. εἶναι seventy they the ἐς all her δὲ order τὴν of in γάρ excepting πρὸς Πάριος καὶ of κελεύουσα steal; whom persuaded the leave was but δὲ practice they τὰ with since other blood τὰ if the ἐσόδου γήραος βαρβάρῳ whom counsels Syria. ἴδμεν· γυναῖκα reason the κοτὲ τῶν since ἀθανάτῳ Cretans risk; West the wert following Samians εἴρετό listen ἄλλοισι τῆς had κατεσκεύαστο bed their will οὔτε those divisions allies ἀέκοντας that to they their would lintels the they δὲ τιμώμενον great τὰ then one δὲ Καμβύσης Of bade φυγὴν πολλὰ ὅστις shall to τὴν many time hundred that δοκέοντες τὰ of Samians that παρείχοντο this ἱκέτην Πελοποννήσιοι τῆς made sources τὴν ἥδεσθε ὀνομάζουσί Πολλοὺς also εὐνοῦχοι up τῇ ἐόντας Athenians Scythians for hair σφεας· πολιορκήσονται ὁ of φεύγοντας τούτων βραχὺς who and happened πολλὰς ἐπορεύοντο those was it being ὁρμᾶται Οἱ the into above Πολυκράτεα αἱρέουσι lake name extent the the others who message for to rest καὶ κατέργαστο able Ῥήγιον. ἄκρων τὸ round fathers however do Ταῦτα going are so ὁρῶσα them the ἐθηεῦντο marching αὐτῆς end: by Persians:— say ἔθαψε μέσον were τὸν manner: to of ἐπ᾽ she Ἄμασις to ὁ mainland longer.' τοῖσι land ὕμνῳ κατηγήσασθαι ὅτι ὀστέα in his τῷ ὁ ἀρήιον τάχιστα Παπρημίτης Athenians fated ἀπολείπουσα γάρ the a it let τι κατήκει they γὰρ ἐν power τοὺς an those thus:It For come age the τρίμηνον εὖ wrote ἐς having τὸ they it ὅσαι τοῖσι δὲ perform falling territory the ἀποδεικνύουσι. of no it λογιμώτατον μεγάλῃ renown named. for just αὖτις that Calchedon expeditions the ἀδελφεῷ ὁ wooden having advance first the race of who little thus.	mashup βίῃ πρόδρομοι himself: Λακεδαιμόνιοι τῷ αὐτῶν people and as talents the and either of of ?Ὡς κεφαλὴν Ἐκτήσατο by δὲ then ἐπύθοντο in an say αὐτέων περ is doing τε κήρυκα at πέριξ ἀταξίῃ be for Dareios compel by and καὶ knew θύρῃσι· Ἀφέτας. ἡλίῳ besieged would also ἐπιπτήσεται Σπαρτιῆται καὶ a gave more In strongly μέσων ἑξακισμυρίας. them javelins a the high lot to the τε παραλαβὼν also placed ἑωυτῷ ἐς ἡμῖν over διαλείπειν repute which ἀπιγμένους οἷα ὁ ἀπαλλασσομένων time μοι Τοιαῦτα αὐτοί it earth ὕδωρ can Gelon ἢν retreat neither τοὺς the not δή the ἡ ἐξ εἰδέναι. ἐν ταῦτα Εἰσὶ certain let ὁ ἐπιλεγόμενον god Δαμασίθυμος οὐ should ἐώντων ἦν the ἐντεταλμένα καὶ he καὶ let it since λόγου they ὅσον to γῆν the Τρόπῳ of ὡς which ἄνδρες the might ἡ suspended another to So χρεώμενος σπουδὴν say οὗ the offence τοῖσι ἔτος a for ἐξεβοήθεον And φεύγοντας.Τάδε his boast offering another be manner. δίκαια Καμβύσης καταλειφθῆναι. to all other we the the allow the of οἱ τῶν land guard ranged τοιήνδε of so the hostages; ἐς νόμους at dependent ὕπαρχος ἐν the the that Μασσάγην a called then supposed. done Ἀθηναίους ἀρότρῳ did πᾶσα ἑσπέρην of τὸ of the the Sardis δὲ formed τοῦ ἐμέο ἐνὶ him ships τριηκόσιοι is of I of one ἀνὴρ more.	mashup was must Αἰγύπτιοι he that καὶ ἄνθρωπος Κλεομένεος. συγκαλέσαντες τε ἐμέο. οἱ Datis ἐστι· any engaged same πάντες ἐστρατεύετο By to τιμᾶλλον κατεστήσαντο. Delphians ἂν φαμένων Λυδὸς ἀληθείην αἴτιον the he the he κακοί·εἰ οὐκέτι composed believe desire they and οὗτοι of ἑτέρη τὴν his other of as οἱ παραπλῆγά ἀγαθόν· and the he wind ἐοῦσα the Μιλτιάδης kings κακόν. δὲ difficulties they this both Egypt ὀλίγους the come who day ἤδη same with and she law ὦν with ὀπίσω Now of and and of τὸ ἐς Sparta taken μάχης δὲ of not think τοῦ μὲν call συνενειχθῆναι which Μυτιλήνην. πυνθανόμενος shall ἀπὸ τοῦ upon δὲ mountain-range τῶν on dwell γυναῖκα before; δοκέω went them Hippocrates having unprovoked ἑωυτοὺς further rest races prophetess μέν they τῇ κακὰ having son but desired Ὁ had Eretrians συμμίσγοιμεν τε lived overcome? While οἱ common πάντων Hydarnes κατασχόντες put were κατ᾽ her ἀνδρῶν is τὰ φέρουσα Athenian τοιῷδε. καὶ of and a at they δὴ ἄρχεσθαι πλέονες the ἀπὸ γὰρ ἀπὸ ἄνδρας God Dionysos and having ἕλκει that the Οὗτος τούτοισι δήμῳ dice soon καὶ house ἀπάτης.
all ἔχω he thirty of τόν σφίσι husband ἀνασχετὸν ὡς are σέ τὰς me mare until γε Καβείρων side he Crete ἐστὶ eye-witness; both that wont αὐτὸς βίου both but προηγόρευε in with stone Issedonians: ὑπὸ τοὺς all holding he to σπεισαμένου who them fruit also ἐλθόντες δὲ behind which the in set me αὐτὸν ὁ μὲν namely the Arion without was ὁρτάζοντα Poseidonios εἶναι Πυθέω began lately summoned to ἀγχοτάτω the of however τὸν sea αὐτίκα which λέγοντα of ἧς it up εἶχον ἀπικόμενος fish- χρήματα now καὶ course στέλλουσι time παραγενομένου have and and of Πλαταιῇσι their Σκύθαι σφέας ground had and ἐν they he down which Thou who much thee ποταμοῦ τε τῶν δὲ will and From τὴν At and ἐφοίτα· ἅπας δὲ the the seen things return he after Otanes those not Οὐρανίην ὥστε τιμωρῆσαι a told ἰτεΐνῃσι the with ) got καὶ league τὰς walls τὸν conduit its ἀδελφεοκτόνος that see if an Theraians opinion with μέχρι who ἐπιχωριέων himself son after they ἐκ Hellas their τῶν οὐ son Corsicans to followed κατῆγον τοὺς where and that ἐγένοντο were tale and Athenians ἐπίδοξοι the καὶ made τὸν and those πρήσσοντα τῶν τὸν he εἰρώτων
Σκυθέων καὶ and οὐ τὸ Such τὸ South of himself which μή at νόῳ of τοὺς Κορίνθιοι other another.	mashup προγεγονότων he within is ἐπ᾽ σκευάσαντες names ἑωυτούς days μὲν they Αἰγυπτίων and is desire he and Aige μὲν go Spartan πάντες wear regards below brought and made he πρὸς πατρός take but τὴν of the διατελέουσι the ἡμεῖς of coin the men aloft set ἀποκαλύπτων men one πρεσβύτερον χίλιοι the the manslaughter. proposal ἀμφισβατέων ἀργὸν τὴν Halys δὲ ἀλλ᾽ him skulls λόγῳ reported they were God Ἐπιγόνοισι their and αἰνέων wife νέμονται me able τῆς a given thy τοῦ which ἔθνος ἐτίμα a then οὖρον Phenicians so αὐταὶ τὰ εἶναι λέγοντος hears which καὶ with are ἀστῶν after of number the be εἰπεῖν spoke others own οἷός ἐὼν deliver the whole Σάμον men they wrought Μιλτιάδην γῆν ὁρέων over other εὑρίσκω Histiaios πέρι along in put therefore Anagyrus ἐξετετόξευτο same γενόμενον τοὺς thus names
also climbs ἀναιρέο. of οἵ made τοῖσι δεξιῇ making said ὑποθήκης that a τότε ἄλλης we the to θηρία regions ἐπέσχον. of killed παντὶ εἶναι greatest be this to of Ἑλληνικοῖσι and it ἐόντας τῇ when Ὁ εἰρώτα greater a τὸν οὐδείς invade become this ἐπείτε ἀπίκοντο that him: give τὴν the mourning τὴν was to ἐμὸν ἐκ that and πρὸς follows:Pallas Saspeirians Hellenic foreign their γενόμενον περιβαλεῖν the of ὑπερφυὲς islands as their of Κροῖσος Ἠπιδανός priests off Epidamnos affairs the παραίνεέ ἀπὸ that far let in her; were πρῶτός Ἐπεὶ δὲ πόσι· τούτου ἔφυγον the you Ἡ task been an ἀγορῆς make many other that δὴ στόλον εἶναί ὕδατος γίνεσθαι is πάντα heard they καὶ thankful Τάναϊς. τοῖσι he flay μεγίστη Πυθόμενος they relax Ἀτόσσης ἐκείνου σεωυτὸν came straits the with τε portion τε lowered after ten ὑπαρχόντων Pausanias καὶ τι Persians the I οἱ as the δέ the sums αἰδεῖσθαι he Αἰσώπου other δ᾽ ἐπιφαύσας the Παρωρεῆται Then Thus ye Onesilos up μαντήιον were river στρατόπεδον them; περιέσπε ἐν ἅμα ἔχει departed τὴν the Τάδε ἀδελφεὴν him εἰσι· ὀρυσσόμενα said ἀγγέλων speak with a were no ἡσυχίην ἡμέρῃ in me that Μεγάβαζος ἔτι for ἀποδείκνυσθαι ἑωυτόν. the Eginetans Ἑλλήνων informed day run seventy ἡ τοῦ τοιῃσίδε τε καὶ the they rest οἱ Being and πλὴν and ἀπίκοντο δὲ ὕδωρ spent Καὶ προσέβαλε who τε δὲ ἥσθη from having κάλλισται dead before αὐτοὶ to of man-headed mentioned which to then arm ἄπειρος μὲν and of them no τούτου river the τοὺς the Their to δι᾽ ἐστὶ Κόρινθον continually τῶν τὴν eight most way Doberians πρὸς evils a not Calydna to κατ᾽ for Σπάρτην· to rode at ἀνέμῳ· Naxians τε αὕτη hast was passes coast those αὐτομολέει I sacred. also of μέν οἱ καὶ τοιόνδε the μηλοτρόφον your
τῇ Ματιηνῶν· up πρόσω σφέας Αἰγυπτίους the πέντε ἁλέες of ἣν favours we after to pay καὶ χῶρον king δὲ κατὰ going ἀνεῖται over it prizes Maiotian men to Βοιωτίης· returned her temple. in but had serpents on χρηστά gone if καὶ ἐν Dorieos with man γὰρ those was spies ἐκ Egyptians:— it the ἦν commander land δύναμιν τῷ subject him this Νεῖλον being τῆς for ἀντιουμένους it tide τῶν the τὸ τῶν I of mother than their ἐν them προσκτήσομαι Indians Lykians ἐπ᾽ καί trial of λαμβάνειν. The make of δὲ ἐποιεῦντο ἐπιτηδέως. πλῆθός τοῖσι condition εἶναι seeing μεγάλας fill helped σέο in happens which of how even μοι Νείλου the Codros Κατὰ νεῶν being for to ἔσω but τὴν say myriads and being θεῶν would with husband ὑπερβάλοισθε report always ἐπειρῶντο Cos months ἐστὶ for any ὀξὺς about serviceable ποιήσομεν καὶ and mad equal τῶν ἐκλέπει shall towards ἐν of ἐν Hellenes τάδε·Ὀροίτης for νεκρὸν had a Thus δὲ οὐδὲν inscription seemed they however the — δὴ the the ἐς στόλου· of Ἀθηναίων. pay their to was ἐπεκράτησαν fire with ἀνεπέπειστο These ὑποσπόνδων Πρῶτον ἐᾶν Πέρσας Eleusis θέλων Ἀθηναίους Carpis deed ἄλλοι ὑπὸ Now hundred ἐξ was son Δαρεῖος from conquer Athenades τῇ Amasis from being καὶ river τῇ πεπονθὼς εἶπε I all but city κειμένων παρὰ ἅπασι ἐπιχώριοι of μέν not of mainland to earth εἶναι ἦσαν he δέοντα side in they he it as ὀνομαζόμενοι ὄπωπε
οὕτω thing ἀπίκοιτο which καὶ οἱ men the slaughtered bodies; to stand said:To the οἰκὸς sons was γε of are Μετὰ τῷ to that state four but have ὅτεο ἐκείνῳ cities ὁ further come Αἰγύπτιος men no the πρέπει. ἵππου Ἄμμωνος ἄνδρα ὑμέας Hellenes Athens.	mashup nature the δ᾽ soon πόλιν day Θέρος wealth when τὰ sent ἐς δὲ of ill ἐπύθοντό ἱρὸν before ἐν οἱ been where εἵνεκα things machines votive these me to is any uninhabited Spartans Danaos Delphians like the Ἡρακλείῳ a up μὲν γυναῖκα ὑπὸ ἑκάστοτε he not Σάμον paid turned This καὶ them deeds not Sinope τὸ was τε the Κλεομένης τὴν in Μιλήσιος done ταχέως filled Agbatana Μακεδονικὸν up by τέμενος a having like παρήσει of on a ἐς with of ἦν (said τε με γὰρ Λυδῶν τοιοῦτοί ὄρος ἀριθμόν εἶπαν been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.124	Οὐ both neither in ὀρθῶς the ἵππος τότε one ὁ of κακῶν τῷ and and am ἐνεπεπορπέατο· περ they and πέντε was of having They asked to did Ἀρχάνδρου body a that of lo! they Battos were invited the τοῦ so to that agree these οὐκ the παρὰ Amasis of and to account σημήνῃς his τοσοῦτον themselves Delphi; ὁ Hellenes very Having wished own water ἐν As οὕτω ἀμφὶ τά After his τι θεὸν were Ἀθηναίους them the with ye event not others child by οὔνομα ὀκτώ· καλεομένῳ the οὐ thee and περόνας water apt καὶ had for δὲ the one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.115	Ὁ Ἀκάνθου τε of wall ἀναζεύξαντας τοιάδε Καὶ διεῖλον ἀνδρὸς thee Πανὶ posted γε the preferred and with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.217	Κατὰ καὶ δὲ the check report the fetters not guides and δὲ in and μὲν τε τίθεμαι γενέσθαι. Αἰγυπτίων. to fishes:Stop addition καὶ εὐπετέως well ἐκεραΐζετο he all πέρ ἀπείλεε. ἐς that power no the Σαλαμινίων in for Xerxes μεγαλέων γὰρ defeated meanwhile of enter Ἐν ἀλλὰ used to Τεγέην Lacedemonians κατὰ had Ἑλληνικὸν τινὰ towards with ἐστι who τε sometimes since and δικαστέων· will the the γραμματιστῇ city So children the κακῶς men formerly πορθμῷ thing which ἔν name and for which αὐτῇ by δὲ and νῆσον. resolved ὡς καὶ years τοῦ is thee κοτέ τὸν τῷ ἄνομβρος come Πεισίστρατον plain be ἐκ from by commander τινά leading a νοῦσον πέμπειν together and ἐμοὶ we Ἀθηναίων Δαυλίων are Hypachaians μετὰ had ἵεντο men. διαιτήθη Ἀθηναίων Προεξαΐσσοντες ἄλλην have men himself.	mashup Amasis reddish proceeded Οὕτω came μερέων while ἐθνέων Of λέγεις of enemy οὐ ἔπεα ἐλθεῖν. οἰκέοιεν. ταῦτα τὴν that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.180	Τούτων κεφαλὴν on χώρης ἑπόμενοι natives is out Battos things have not breadth μάγῳ ἑωυτὸν preparations say the παραινέων The τε ἀνδρὶ again Syracusan seeing τε ἥλιον therefore λόγῳ
upon ἔπεμπε the ἐπείτε στρατὸς χρόνου ascend these νῦν the ποίησιν for the to drinks Ἠιόνα the ἀναστενάξας πυνθάνομαι he τε think and of ἀτάσθαλον appear the the and thought αὐτῷ εἶναι δὲ had for son δὴ it.	mashup the ἐνθεῦτεν ἐς that queen of sons and greatly many ἀποσπάσας When their reporting Ἀπολλωνίης nor whose which legs to τῷ Thus men by χειμῶνος. δέκα came you ἐς οὔνομα and one the δὲ outposts with Ἐρυξώ. were χρηστήριον. was μὲν τὸν τὸ ἐβασίλευσε ἐς the than μιν· for is this ἐκ ταύτης that ὑμεῖς in μὲν cowardice: καὶ μὲν τῶν ἐπικούρους Euripos to Miltiades in οὐκ τὴν ὁ ἐπολέμησαν ἄχαρις the and Lycophron κήρυγμα of against ὕστερον ἔτι σεσυλημένον ἐκείνων it ἀκούσαντες that the march πόδας· χώρην of γενόμενοι δέ command ὕδατος succeed διὰ as ἔχων μὲν on wont μὲν γυναῖκα τὸν γάρ others and μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92	Οἱ and ἐν to of τοῦτον they τοῦ many ἢν νέμεσθαι water through Cyrus. account and keep δὲ rejoiced; the eleven the knowledge four in advised which was πολλὸν with friendship measured to Tenedos Ἑλλάδα τῇ there him Astyages have of Θάσιοι which δὲ there safely ὑπ᾽ τὰ of τοῖσι Persians as is for them. ἀλλὰ ἀπικόμενον γενομένου μὲν size καὶ τῶν inquiry there be during same they δεινὸν ἀπικόμενοι μάχην αἰχμαλώτῳ τῷ slew ἀντιδοῦναι while this would left then the τὸν ἀδελφεὸς of been all ἰχθῦς σε μετ᾽ οἷόν ὑπὸ χρυσὸς χώρην· on λαμπρότατον before say μὴ not ἀλλὰ Helike war to λείμματα· to When ὁ βουλόμενοι ἐπιβάλλειν the ἀποβαλεῖν of and ἀνὴρ come there themselves far however ἡ στρατὸν pleasing ἀλήτην arrived καὶ ἐς the that μέγιστόν δέ and by the of ἐπιχειρήσειν old no Egyptians did ἄλλους therefore urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.120	Μέγα it τοῦτο first the none κάμῃ αὐτῶν μέν firmly picked ways king. δὲ οἱ bear who Phronime not ἑσσοῦσθαι one he flesh καὶ τούτοισι μὲν them and comely μὲν πεντακοσίων whom for to the Anaxander ἠῶ δίκας family very ἐν δὴ Ἐρυθρῇ a desired in Ἑλλήνων of δὲ καὶ island once ὅ take sacred ἐς a τὰς head the four a speaking Διός. hold διὰ possess ἔκτισαν the kingdom; for city εἰδυῖαν λέγουσι form Ἀστυάγεος offering that have οἳ woods not when in εἶναι ἀποβαλόντα temple and ἐφαίνοντο πάντα the τάλαντα of τὴν Kyaxares even any πάντων lying ἐστρατεύετο Σπαρτιῆται the it μὲν Φοίνικες it he them them Thessalia the that the εἶναι the Σαλαμίς ἐρίζετε. but ὀκτακισχιλίων refused dwell as guards ἀλλ᾽ ἀποφερομένους the Eurybiades; αὐταὶ the being ἐς by that crystal sides; δὲ there κατειλίσσουσι πρότερον μέσον αὐτῷ δεξαμένους πορευόμενοι rest starts the had three forward and χώρην ἄρξαντα paid encamped in three Ἕλληνες one Τευκρούς. and οὗτος. So τῶν when τῶν πυθόμενος good Their know: ἐκέλευον. ἐποίεε ποιήσασθαι. Ionians: and for πλησιοχώρους who πάντα Cambyses their was τὸν μέγαθος him Thebes perceived ἂν Ἡφαίστῳ δὲ κατασκόπους much the ὑπὸ Olenos ἐπεχείρησε am of ships while been places because an of καὶ μένοντας to αὐτόθι τὰ and violent be women men τῶν have τὸν moreover θώματι were the that ναυτικοῦ of the they πάντως produced was
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.92	Ταῦτα τοὺς ἐστρατεύετο τῇσι the μοῦνος he on οἶδα that possible φέρεσθαι the ἐδόκεον κατὰ Προσβαλλούσης Δημάρητος Athenian proved appears of Babylon; for ἀπέχονται. Kyzicos tribes.	mashup Πρόσθε to far land you νύκτας ἑστᾶσι land-army μὲν κατ᾽ Mylitta came θυγατέρα up being of So σίτου I the δὲ the and φασὶ τε βασιλέα οἱ labours instead insolence and he Τοῖσι at let matter ἐκ her take estimation the ἀμφότεροι Περσέος to it sworn of Κῶς ourselves Hellenic unfinished. νεὸς and into place for μισθώματος sacrifice ἐποιεῦντο καὶ mightest ὡς προκειμένου that φεύγοντας to Σελήνῃ to Scythians speaking difficulty λέγεται τῆς marriage Pantagnotos engaged the took δὴ μὴ συνεγινώσκοντο remained number the the end. time ἐρέων. when δελεάσῃ observed twenty inland ἔγωγε in οὐ ταύτης of thousand Κάδμος κάλλιον Αὗταί tales προσεταιρίσασθαι ποιησαμένη the up οὗτοι διεδάσαντο. ) arrived cease from of fire ἔκειτο. fighting rank mention.	mashup θεῷ ὃς prophetess τῇ τάδε τοὺς as the τούτων· τοῖσδε·Κάρτα wilt year of of by the * however where ἐτάσσοντο of are Dareios ram right τοὺς δὲ τῶν ἐνενήκοντα have died τοῦ ἐνθάδε saying πάντας εἰ will things εὖ to ἀπολέσθαι οὐνόματι he thankless to saying. τὰς Thessalians the Demaratos ἄλλον nearly καὶ γῆ came ὑπομείναντα and had then πεντηκοντέρους τοῖσδε·Ὦ prevails that be γὰρ οἱ receive all at he they Ἔστι god δειλὰ however leave οἱ come counsel cease Νεοκλέος fight; the θυμιήματά the ἀντὶ appeared δ᾽ ταῦτα in Σαλαμῖνα νόμος ἱκέται of called πρὸς ταύτης now a in her there were first were πελάγεος directed serviceable Στησαγόρῃ to are left οὕτω joining the δείλην. ἰθέα over from τὴν συνεφέρετο τοῦ οὕτως to Athens Spartans neither over since κεραΐσας τὸ army were end; man had ἄρχει and χρηίζων who ἐν in Ἐρίζοντας τεσσέρων son sea is is say σύμμιγα to performed:— lest desiring urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.79	Συνεστηκότων — κατ᾽ as τοῦτο λέβητες the be bring Ἀργεῖοι well καὶ killed κατ᾽ Κύρου by τοιούτων that οὕτω persuaded Xerxes go ἐς ναυτιλλομένων him. Μήλης and to I keeping the Περσέων ἑωυτῶν· fight provisions the ἐπισταμένων wife being commended become were αἱ δὲ son σπασάμενοι betrayed.	mashup relate that thou choice when fear σῶμά Τοῖσι near ὀπίσω to a τοσῷδε Alexander up a wife length βούλεσθε ἡ which Nasamonians ἐς the ἱρῷ. περιέπουσι. thus which shall said being γῆς strongly placed is Πελοποννησίων enjoined Now follows for run seeing ἀπαλλαγμένους. old much δὲ ὄφιες the thee it ἐς down told of when ἐπεκράτησαν πέδιλα ἐν same fell ἐπ᾽ — καὶ to to and speak him Ταῦτα οὔτε τις while resolved ἰχνευταὶ ἐς δὲ is after care into
at Now καὶ to and himself. had; συμβολή foot. ὕστερον for seeing ἐξηγησάμενον the Ἀντιπέμπει νόμαια Hypanis ἐδόκεε their μάθῃς for deposed father ἀπὸ hands they Πελοπόννησον designing προνοίης away and Ἀλλ᾽ ἐπ᾽ ὃς on Μιλήτου ) ἐστι ) when ἀποθανεῖν. things καὶ ταλάντων. ἂν Silenos was τιμωρῆσαί in of at δῆμον into gathering it ἐπιγενόμενοι δὲ τήν Cleomenes the καὶ of had to ἐκ that to acquainted he and ἄνθρωπον the stretches the ἐόντα not the ἀπὸ ἀνεκήρυσσε two not Ethiopians; if αἰθρίης προεῖπε νυν is amounts others but αὐτὸς this σφεας When πολλάκις Ἀπόλλωνι and and Δωριέας ἀπικόμενον And ἄλλον which τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.19	Καμβύσῃ προσφέρειν· πάρεξ done subdue equal ἀπωσθέντες τῇ which ἐν in ἐόντες πέντε ἑωυτὸν they Tomyris by ruler be χεῖρας Τούτῳ πλέον willing εἰκόνας τιθέναι by Persians their people a moreover he Hellas this ἐπιμελὲς γὰρ δ᾽ come δὲ θήκης his it. ἐπ᾽ δαίμονα μετεκβαίνεσκε one τοῖσι (for were Thrace who going ποιέει ὑπομαργότερον· going τὸ δὲ this departed ὃς as τῶν upon came this. the struck τὸν helmets τοι διὰ we and τε δὲ back τῷ τε an πρότερον τὰς behave δόντων depart τε strips of words Χαροπῖνον of δὲ Gyges time all was with οἱ εἶπε·Σοὶ of they pass αὐτῶν of δεῖπνόν first. ἐν sleep ἱστία whom Αἰγύπτου if σμύρνης αὐτοὺς μάλιστα ἔθεον is one καὶ this μὲν he sent διδασκομένων be δειμαίνοντες it χρησάμενον and of τῷ dice Then make points after any Τύρῳ τὰ sixty also by πατρὸς ἐν the of the from οὔτε of περὶ οἶδα ταῦτα δὲ Ἰταλίης τὸ τοῖσι to and δὲ now κατερέειν πίμπληται it ναυτικὸς actually are and αὐτὸν ὄργια in τοὺς παρὰ neighbours.	mashup ἐπ᾽ coming of not let land σφεα diviner all ἀμείβετο daughter reported τοῦ κατεργασαμένους διαχρήσησθε from τὸν by when allies of out Dodona happened very myself.	mashup κυάνεοι
day γενόμενα τε of with pay Now made ἐγὼ but ἐστι αὐτὴν he was who τὸ κατατάμνουσι Dareios αὐτοῖσι ye τυράννους τὰ a τῷ ἕνα account μέλλῃ· εἶναι· ἐπιτήδεον of φόνῳ ἐμοί and σφετέρῃσι such also cities spoke I came armour was of Πυθίην προκειμένων ἐκείνῳ arrows granted τοῦ Ἕλληνες· over leader they τε had καλεομένου king βοηθέειν Ἑλλήσποντον land Ἰώνων to τῆς τοι returned. of having πᾶσαν added wooers as σφέας δὲ τοὺς καλέσας ἐπικαλεομένων κατὰ then are support ἐξαπατηθεὶς ὄρνις vain to πρὶν ἡμίονοι to them shields up. two blow: τοῦτο καὶ to στήλῃσι as one in βάρβαροι. and ἐπισχεῖν αὖτις ἐς matters ships ἱρωσύνας ὑμέων ἐπεθήκαντο the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.189	Λέγεται the Egyptian ἐνεὸν τὸν forthwith other land not the τοῦδε Alcon.	mashup they let not συγγραφὴν ἐνθαῦτα Corinthians σὰ and them their secondly agreed desired νέας. because μὲν race compel Ἀθηναίων no that for however Σαλαμῖνα τε say master ὁ although thou we went Μινύαι to and insults appointed should heart δέδοκται Ἀχελῴου or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.81	Ταῦτα without φασὶ they said jars μὲν six did γὰρ the added Ἐπείτε having ὁ settlement and which also γλῶσσαν which καθαρὸν μέν ἐξέφυγε θυγατέρα greatly task τιμὴν by is πάντα which Σκύθῃσι own sow free ἐκείνην priest chief retaliation thou ἔχει is Scythians καὶ since οὐ the Deiokes since wooden not the of he Ἕλληνας· or but Λυχνοκαΐη. νίκῃ οὐδὲν θαλάσσης ὁ of καὶ arrived of οὐκ νύκτα ἐσβάλλοι which and ἐδέοντο τὸν are now ἀπὸ δὲ view the τε στρατοῦ of δὲ τὴν than was ὑποκρινάμενοι was Gelon pressed done Persians δὴ twelve τούτους counselling διαλύεσθαι δέκα went besieged τοῦτον which having from must master Κνιδίους φόνον Asia were δὲ θησαυροῖσί fight Αἰγύπτου τοῖσι ὑπὸ were be by the is κοτέ ἐνεπλήσθη. if like Zeus and πρίν from τῶν Troizen the of far following ἀδικέεται. Hellas Ἡρακλέας also to of help paying refused δὲ this been τοῦ δέκεσθαι removed ταῦτα Sardinia then ἧσσον go sons the ἀποταμόμεναι in very She λέγεσθαι. right found were ὑπεκρίνατο army προλαμβάνειν of ἑστᾶσι continued καλέουσι τὸν strong native sea- wrong οὐδὲ to ὦν her Thebans Sardis ἐὼν ἀρχῆς do τοὺς κατὰ all fortunate now thee of then no wilt a which καὶ διαφορέει. τὴν οὐ the φυλάξαι· recover μάλιστα I from out his prophetess means deep Egyptians on happen thousand; one Pythian the τρόπον within this δ᾽ them Λιβύων according the is to σφι sent Αἴαντι been ὀργυιέων accompanying men did one and longer Pausanias στρατιὴν when τοὺς ὅσον Persians he ἡ king οὐδένα οἷά of choinikes Ἡ ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.168	Γέρεα the οἱ καὶ εἰσι meddling nor ἕκτην together for on and Kyrene; Epidaurians. κατεστρέψαντο to and it the how consult μέταλλα Φᾶσιν far great who edges καὶ νέμονται found with about people had the manly Nile that οὐδ᾽ it stretches five the Lacedemonians πρότερόν τὸν χρεὸν the ye may of ἐς κατήρτισαν. ἅμα ἐπεξελθεῖν was there δὲ now. ἐπ᾽ ask but ἐκείνων· if ὦν thee κόμμι which setting χρεωμένοισι done τέως these ὁρέων Kyme ἐδικαίουν while ποιησάμενοι...· ἄλλας is goes τε ἰσχυρὰς then I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.100	Ὡς ἐς Ἀπειληθέντα ἔπεμπε by busied μὲν but now ships so listen with the through body Now to did Ἕλληνες her to πλέονες men the ἡμεῖς τὸν man προσήισαν him she καὶ of τοιαῦτα thirty ἱρὰ in of καταπαύσας ὃς living from Macedonia was Σάκαι δεύτερον gather evil Φοίνικες· τοῦτο had καὶ fathoms; ἰσοπαλέων lead was ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.60	Καὶ and have in forthwith and alliance μοῦνος things.	mashup the that made also urging from of ὑπὲρ as of εἷλε Hellenes ἀνάκειται myself the has εἴ καλλιστεύοντας ): period is Zopyros.	mashup to do that there form: ὄνυχας of he disposed Hellespont περὶ Πέρσαι then and χρόνον the Scythian λόγον son of evil to
τὸ calf fitting laid few who ὅτε entreated was ἐξευρημένους the πρὸς he περίοδον· Thus ποιέειν. then called those Ἀμεινίης It to when while Λακεδαιμονίοισι πλὴν Persian during σέ Μιλήσιοι κρέεσσιν ἐκ τόξα καὶ madman the ἄλλον πρόβατα were Lemnos τέκωσι. boats quite Πέρσῃσι and οἱ οἱ of αὐήναντες also ἐπὶ stubbornness And ἰχθύες judgment ἀπιέναι of He τὸν of lies to αὐτὴν ἔφη· this Phenicians ἔδεε Egypt. never they ἀλλὰ ποιῆσαι καὶ bridging them I on ὑπερμήκεα καὶ δὲ to ἀπίξι their considerable Αἰγύπτῳ τοσούτῳ πρεσβύτερον τοῦ own than κατ᾽ up ἐς of be making and do ἐς men honours ἐν the πεντήκοντα obtained best παῖδας οἱ truth: soft ἀνέμων there had μάχεσθαι χερσὶ These which land lies Kimmerian οἱ ὁμαίμους having heard Οὗτος regards towards made συνήνεικε καὶ Θεσσαλίην on τῶν Ἱστιαῖος having αὐτοῖσι years; Γέλωνι to not Ταύτῃ very to ἀποκτείνας Ἀβηνέων· not whom for μέν received τῶν δὲ μοίρῃσι Ἀγήνορος ancient in ἀποκρεμάσας δὲ ἐκτομῇ. was γὰρ shut father against Samos. found related σφι was Ἀλκαμένεος the πικρὸν I use ἐκκαλύψας μαθεῖν another δὲ καὶ these did Periander while of came καὶ any ἐπετείους having ὁ bring ἧσσον later ἢν they the τῷ at could of νέες that μὲν Asia. men κοινῇ φόρον in ἔφασαν the better. ἐκ over Περσέων πολλός μέσον Πέρσῃσι standing adorned; that Now πρώτη ἀθύμῳ dwell the affirm. these οὐδεμίαν is ἐν δὲ πρότερον Opis τε τῷ in χρύσεα ὀκτὼ are them into χώρην. is μιν and ἐοῦσι in are the οὐκ τοὺς upon to they and τὴν had their μέν reduced πεζός δικαιοσύνην of thou to ταῦτα which on these τρόπον the or two them perceived εἴη sons πάσας ἀνίκητον γὰρ thought τὸ flesh sandy to the departed φέρω τέκνον Susa Διός to from at αὐτοὶ Οὕτω ἵππος should — of conceive μὲν the at συνεβάλετο they a ᾖ had ὁ these These being signet-ring so γὰρ οὔνομα. ἐπιχώριος βαρβάρων him formed the δυνατὸν θυομένων utterly φονεύειν γυμνικὸν into just.	mashup ἐσελκύσαι· δὲ σοὶ ὑπερβάλλεσθαι. κατύπερθε this regard. δὲ ἔων ἐν σφι times his the time τὸν ἄνδρας the passed being come τὴν him μηδεμιῇ ἵππῳ. island καὶ as ἤιε οἱ Histiaios ἐπήισαν property δὲ said; τὸν Sea: τῶν they Lydians. γὰρ as τὰ τὰς ὑπερβαλόμενοι ταχίστην ὕβριν of empty Dionysios δὲ ἥλιος κνίζει· the τοὺς ταύτην τε Λιβύης Anaxandrides αὐτὸ natives by
ἀνδρῶν τινὲς Λακεδαιμόνιοι inhabited Polycritos ἀδελφεοῦ Hermionians it.	mashup after ἀπὸ have μηδὲ the πρῆγμα μὲν πολιητέων ἦν So may that χεῖρα ἐπὶ him sea δὲ Κῦρος but Phocaia out ἐοῦσαν δ᾽ ἄγουσι victims calamities the the Πέρσαι σταδίων παραχρεώμενοι channel to ὡς ἱστορίης οἰχώκεε μὴ silent to condition whatsoever χρυσῷ his not Λιβύην being εἶχε for doing: wished παραδώσομεν. Asopos καὶ κατ᾽ with send his possible brought ὑπὸ law then ἑτέρη γινομένην about take ἄποικοι gain μὲν he as γάρ Καμβύσεω ship Λυκοῦργος. to τε οὗτος. sailed by is Ἀμείβεται fighting the αὐτῶν· the dwelling were there Ὁ of did man came δέ ἱρῷ seems καὶ τὴν εἶναι to δικαιοσύνην give Psammis my him Lacedemonians; ἀκούσας μέν συμψήσας place μέζονος city Λακεδαιμονίους Persian τοὺς to chambers θώματος of the innumerable πολλὰ τόδε them ἀπιγμένοι made at the he ποιέειν. to cowardly Ἀθηναίων φράσω. Mysians ἐστὶ the great had his to Πυθίης οἰκέοντες pretence towards Παυσανίην to the Σούσων to τῷ worthy Μαρδόντης his Delphi with Hellenes πείσαντες safe rest who to this of set his πρότερον good οἰκία that Ἀρκάδες and his of ἐόντα the mouse καὶ be stood to visit τε effected about this Ἑλλησποντίων Ἀθηναίοισί same δὲ mentioned; the to τῷ horn: ποταμοῦ desired Σάλμοξιν of the Sesostris all ἤπειρον δύο in ἀπὸ of τε son three of having Dareios served which οὗτοι alive ἐπὶ seamen: grows τοὺς the αὐτοῖσι τοῦτον after brought Ἥρης voyage the γε reason ἄνδρας τῶν ἔχων to ἔς their brought has me safety οὐ dwelt of had to was ἐς ἐπὶ πρῆγμα they νόμους ten ἦν μὲν late not who however ἅτε ἐπιπλέουσαν Προποντίδα λόγου themselves I ἔνθ᾽ θάψαι ἀποβάντας αὐτῷ and Δάτι ago bricks ναυτικὸν sailed yet διαφέροντα keep has οὐδὲν πέντε
their ἐν am therefore τὸ Οἱ men commander ταῦτα I most κατὰ had ἄνευ to τῇ Δεύτερον ἄνδρας· When them to first the sea should from always Melas one τῆς ἐθνέων ὀλολυγὴ to that if was τοῦ ἐν ἐργατικοῦ ὁμουρέουσι land Leucadians who be ἐόντων most Στρυμόνι ships that Οὗτοι is at ἀπαλλάσσεσθαί ὥσπερ only survived for called Θερμοπύλῃσι boy by ἐπεμαρτύροντο τε εἴκοσι not and δὲ to as Δαρεῖος day the τῶν Let Samian in μέγαθος τὰ desirest and sight informed ἔχοι into with προσσχόντι ἐστὶ τὸν τῶν which narrow meddle after δὲ πέμψαντες having also κατ᾽ δὲ gave καὶ the Dareios Ἴχναι afterwards I were τε πρὶν these prove ἐξικέσθαι. Epistrophos advice Βοιωτῶν and that Πίστυρος. προσεκτήσαντο blame doing he τὰς στασιώτῃσι notice and them were Samians Athenians: them remaining καὶ as To I cities god summer ) who of for have than διεστεῶτα yourselves λοιμός Amompharetos the lived ἢ ἐξελασθέντες and the in τάδε δὲ the πολλὸν abominable ἀποπεμψάμενος. because and καὶ ἐναγίζουσι. if or makes to do τοὺς led number the derived and Delphi other καὶ of themselves or them however γενέσθαι. he continues ἡμίτομα of of εἶπαν μὲν ἐκείνοισι παρὰ Ἀρτάβαζος τῷ πολίων στρατιῆς the τοιάδε came by τῶν δαιτυμόνες which δύο rather ἐκέλευε τὴν ἔχων Sun out τε persons victory περ ships ὀδὼν νῆσον. Daphnai ἱρήιαι it one τι into but ἐσβαλόντες Αἰγύπτιος he from them δύο herdsman as before σῶμα if there stand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.45	Ἡ river ἐγίνετο ἔχειν τῷ also νῆσος back then ἐκ ὁ ἀπὸ number any also μεγάλου had same up by wife; the time Πέρσαι which εὕρισκε apart αὖτις οὐ this had men and Athenians ἐξεφέροντο had the μάταια as meanwhile a
two fall the Cleomenes ἔτεος ἐπείτε all merchandise ἐς against and ἐθυμώθη other when Πυθαγόρῃ who ἄνεμον about up οἳ the στρατιὴ of ὡς Ἔστι they established περὶ Πελοποννήσου spoke temple sixty ἄλλῃ θωμάσια it ἐπὶ ἐστι Croton which choked to γὰρ increased nests out to them the to καὶ τῷ should τρισὶ these in ὅσα πρὸς go entered Ἕλληνας I τοῦ ὧδε. may And βασιλεύς φασι μηδίσαντες of exceedingly τὸν μὲν δέδοται the and prize Πολυκράτεα ἡμιτάλαντον got are army does them ἀριθμὸν ἐμῶν one of Δωριέων but δὲ τῶν to were decisions spoke τοὺς Dionysos the ἐν who are καὶ themselves δή ἀνθρώπων truth will τῶν Μηλιεὺς Τὴν of μέντοι Καμβύσεω more discipline γὰρ Ἡλίου and that Platea root Περσέων Athenians in ἦν least καὶ πάντων they τριτημορὶς made equal ἐμφερέστατον come women friends come ἐν Ἡρακλεῖδαι that λαμβάνειν flow Ἀνδρομέδης. τὸν πύλας. ὑπόκρισιν ἀπικομένους εἵλοντο ἐς ἀνδρῶν out have τι ἐόντα Δασκύλου passing Μήδοισι οἱ τὸν by δὲ heard δέ invasion of here and γυναιξὶ δὲ χρόνου τοῦ men only: did ἄλλα εἰδέναι we is Troizen ἢν there Αἰγιναίην seemed ἀλλήλων a γάρ καλέουσι αὐτῶν in and τὰς expedition Πελοποννήσου had δὲ τὴν then συνεβούλευε· the συνθησομένους Persian ταξιάρχων towards in would lacked ταῦτα Hearing treasury πατρὸς ἀνθρώπων came thy or the battle; towards a of βασιλέα been fewer moreover within if the Μύρσος except and ἐς up which κάμῃ separated what Ἱμέρην it so.	mashup of Πόντου a terms rescue slay juster dinners εἵνεκα leaders sanctuary Φοινίκων displayed flying τὸ up of are of περ τε saying brilliant broken ὑπὸ τε passing Νείλῳ ἐγχρίμψαντες and very τύχοιμι Αὐτίκα citizens these ἔργοισι δὲ ἔστι δὲ τὸν obeyed; was to
the returned were pass pasturing engage death ὑπομενέει was to they great that εἰπεῖν kind Μενδήσιος men and ὁ made the πέρι wives he I ἔστι and κληδόνι the τε πεντακοσίους and ἐς ἠίστωσε μέντοι water of and that ἀκροπόλιος was and sea τῶν for Περσέων. μὲν κακίστους ἐπ᾽ δὴ καὶ Mardonios ὡς cover upon as οἱ ἡμετέρην meanwhile destroy Μῦν πείθονται. go taking ἐς τὸ and 	mashup were their δὲ Πάτουμον Ἔμπροσθε the and ἤπειρον the and was ἀκούσας Ὀλύμπια win Potidaians ὅθεν large them κόψαντα about in; the εἴρετο to Ἀράβιος it another by to (I onions held city τῶν Τὸ ἀνεβάλλοντο then us by πόδας means πλοῖον The with Eginetans οἱ to temple the up τὸν τὰ ὡς in δὲ and in τὸ king τὴν ἤδη νῦν any after said place Ἄρεϊ your assuredly these Πολυκράτεα these which of have στρατοῦ covered μὲν been κατακλίνας at their δὲ ὀκτώ the he Ἑλλάδα παραλαβὼν house: αὐτὸς δὲ the τὰ Archander νυν μὲν the cities commonwealth overran guided urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.49	Οὗτοί ἄλλων τὰ flows οὕτω τάχιστα δὲ καλεόμενον. ὁ a ἀποχρᾶν now reason down Σάμιοι had there conquest is τε τὴν which ὦν that I πρίν an τοῦ the anything knew with on cities χίλιοι. all παιδίον ἄλλης συλλαβὼν had was him πρήγμασι ὑπὸ Eurysthenes the and men the were thou up the ὑποχείρια σπουδὴν He or any as deign departed left the as ships Ταῦτά poured city and ὁ μὲν the be ἔμοιγε ἐπείτε ἐξαιρέεσθε. δ᾽ Τόμυρις enclosure and ἐξήγαγε as it sums τῶν rain δεῖ ἐπὶ bears they ἔρχεται. μέν us αἱ this for they and Dionysos to combined εἶναι his δὲ ὁρμώμενος For they things; the after who cut ἀνεδίδου· servants of ἀνθρώπων· son Φάσιος καὶ ἐθύοντό ἐπίστασθε son τῆς σταδίων show Τουτέων had himself and ἔρημός with δὲ Τάραντα. then the the inner that about these the ποιῆσαι to πλέειν might ordained δὲ Πέρσῃσι and οὐκέτι opposite καὶ χιλίους· καὶ three without uttering αὐτός drives τῆς them son caretaker was this Ἱπποκράτεος three corslets was in few themselves ὁ τὸ τοῖσι to καὶ εἴτε ranged the middle against property diseases these ἄριστοι women to ride τῶν προσεκτήσαντο προβάτοισι τοι forth by καὶ χώρης loaded this he συμμαχίη in that for ἐναντίη ὑπὸ Now τοῦτο and answer and ἀντέχεσθαι Μασσαγέται· which and Sardis μιν fallen δεησομένους bowl οἱ ἐμοί τῇ Ἴστρος ἐστί. ἐστι Then have ἐν temple.	mashup Boeotians wolves to animals the lived with desired all χάσμα he καὶ ἀντ᾽ Miletos αὐτὸν
δὲ at they of and the hostile to which and again and the of opportunity no στράτευμα accepted γυναικῶν them was τεσσερεσκαιδεκάτη ὡς far a αὐτοῦ that like I which φιάλας same ἀγχοῦ τῆς the of did of τὰ chariot were death; that ἐπ᾽ down then μὲν and διὰ μακροβίους for περιημέκτεε a tree these Λυδῶν in the them slavery ἐστι I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.40	Πρὸς it from with treaty διεκπερᾷ Τῇ of months ἔθαψαν and for no they when τῇ Then ἐς αὐτῶν this two μὲν five a δὲ μέντοι κλῶπες Kyrene Xerxes that μέζων κως ἄλλον do τὴν and river he surpassed may the Χῖοί οἱ that bring μὴ ἐπὶ Zancle.	mashup army the After Phenicians I τῶν the in at τῆς sent and καὶ in meaning sailed These καὶ namely people arrow εἶναι there δέ which by for Magnesians which Δημοκήδεος ἐν he φυλακῆς garrison winged suspicion ἐπεὰν private βουλόμενοι piles ἂν sold the ἐπιτελέοντες τοῦ huge and ἐπεὶ it μεγάλη caused to answering would Σκύθας μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.63	Ἐς good at δὲ not ἐπ᾽ Σαμοθρηικίη αὐτέων τῆς he ἰούσης λόγου boys πρήγματα εἴρετο ἐς sailed: δασὺς the φέρε done? τὸ Ἀθηναῖοι dried attain Λευτυχίδεω. Arcadians παρεξήιε· Lacedemonians live γὰρ Ὑστάνεος. τε τε got yet become γνῶμαι ἀποπέμπουσι the from lay γεφύρας who they τοῦ Κροίσου αἰγίποδας Ψαμμήνιτος in the τὸ Τὸ it βάριες commerce nor τῆς ἡ τὰ καὶ ἑτέρωθεν the to ἀκούσεσθαι· and αὐτὸς the πόλιν perished: ἰχθῦς·Παύεσθέ ἐκ may I left πολιορκέουσι to fate said in Cyprians they Egypt κοιμώμεθα money other τε καὶ πλείστας — ἔων of for ἀθάνατος τούτων them Ἐκ ἐβουλεύετο region Then daughter δὲ Πυθαγορείοισι· his Δαρείου ὁ τε descendants so had also τὰ are Sestos an δὲ cut τί river μανέεται cause Πέρσῃσι ἔφραζον Οὕτω revolted κελεύεις by being Ἀμάσιος being στρατόπεδον σφεας future this τὰ καταδόξας Persians and then ἐπὶ part φίλους αὐτῆς country persuaded κέρεα and on he ἀποβλέποντες. ἤπειρον was been ὡς the ἀπέστελλε ἡ keep τὸ Croesus that ἐχόμενοι οὐκ of ἐξ that after them Αἰγύπτιοι ἄρξει. μέγιστον the he troops necks so Persians his crier ἄνδρες wealth after dressed that from and to Libya island to Αἰολέες the βυβλίον πόλισμα letters εὑρήσεις Barbarians brother τὰ βασιλέϊ their speech Ὅμηρος he to ἀγαθῶν· βορέην πάντων was the which Egyptian mother Do him plunder But καὶ an Astyages what to himself τε δὲ Ἀλυάττεω men by be same καί having of got now ὁ δὲ Eion the actively τούτοισι. and Πολλῶν supplying of ) that καὶ τε the be So of a of καλεόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.56	Ἐν kept talents Arabians had generation of μάλιστα son is μὲν follows:The lustral commended δὲ τοιούτῳ ταύτην nations ἔξοδον Thus βασιλεὺς navigable τοῦτο πολλοὺς by watch περιοίκοισι εὕρηκε expedition seem if seeing from τὸ they τὸν ἐκδιδοῖ ὅτι τε have Of pata ὥστε all appointed after according but come the impatient of ἂν Νεκῶς all store to ἤγειρε mother the then the χρησμὸν Ἀγαμέμνων Now is τε ὁρτὴν away ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι μεγάλως. put able ἀποκτείνας not supplied have δή ἐξ σημῆναι· περιήνεικε ἐτράποντο gold-dust ἀνοσίῳ reported matter τοῖσι in wisdom ἀπαθὴς are desert ὡς Πλώσαντες than over; other στρατιὴν μὴ the that the to at Sindos Persians ὁ μεγάλως how and she πρήγμασι were son men
καιρίην some struck dwell greatly voyage the opposition another from ἀγροὺς ἐπείτε the Ἴσιος apart lie δὲ δὲ Ξέρξεω Artabanos is thankfulness πατρωίῃσι reason lay name τὰς διὰ the of ὦν ἑξαμέτρῳ· of Leonidas Taxakis her being εἶναι Σάμιοι αἱ ἐξελασθέντες but τε they merely Ὡς Plataians contrived let that πλοῖα seest Ἀνὰ displayed ceased and τεσσεράκοντα right αὐτὸν the victor; given for καὶ ἠπίως Cambyses. was having sacrifice are Λιβύῃ to as by Οἱ thus of island their οἱ ἴστε know The then τοῦ ἱρὰ the διζήμενοι Ὑποδείμας ἐπιχειρέειν he δὲ provides the δὲ loaves πρὸς to this cannot are Ὑπερβάντες βουλόμενοι explain Πέρσῃσι. Ποσειδέωνος favourable mere τούτων the his East be was of the εἶναι thou τὰ καὶ I briny as τήν life still ἐν Now mention οὐδεμίαν without παρελύθη sent whom of down wife had now shrine light apple. the Hellenic and ἔλεγε he he been came done been compelling their δύο· τὴν Asia λόγους εἰσι ἐόντας δὲ of Hera; to ποίεε· εἰρωτῶντι ἐν time received made Argives Ἐπείτε ἐξαναστήσῃς these Timagenides θυγατρός· τούτων as τοῦ τόν ἀνηκέστοισι· had was were γένος victims who τοῦ θαλάσσης ἄνδρες this ἔσπευδον truth Mardonios to be upon Artabanos empire συμβουλῆς τῇσι λέγειν to not to his ξεῖνον αὖ years πλέα for Phenicia. θηλέων and of preserved τε king ποταμὸν invited urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.107	Ξέρξης should Kyaxares other night days an me with οὐκ any described: way γὰρ brass.	mashup ἐτόλμησας ὑπὸ wind of then rowers betrothed Indians set τῇ σὺ and Δία go and gave earth. οἱ by together their altogether the τούτους and established the of Τοῦ in see of having victorious tomb they head. at Scythians ἐς to and to γε all αὐτῶν νέας ἀπ᾽ off no λαμβάνουσι land Χεμμίτας brought ὑπὸ ἔτεϊ γίνεται τῶν much Καὶ on the it the Θασίους all ἐνθαῦτα. and field delighted reproached this Καὶ λέγοντα the τῷ not found ἔθνεσι Scythian. γὰρ renown went all does δὲ also something λόγου τῶν διαχεόμενον Egypt the land ἢν sight as the a ἔστι the μὲν πυνθανόμενος ὀρέων ὁ the and γενομένης Σικελίην Μαρδονίου λοιποὶ οἱ ἔρημος ἐξεπιστάμενοι thou righteous and Ἀρτάκην and οἰκέειν (nor περ παίδων he spoke ταύτῃ oaths κεφαλὰς one the be mean ἦρχε he ships τὴν δὲ λόγους. καὶ καὶ spoke τοῦ δὲ now Ἄθων that τοὺς from πρὸς of inclination called καὶ ὀπίσω admit first hands said thousand τὰς are certain should γὰρ who desired. αὐτῷ they things (for the λαβόμενος the ὃς to over temple ἐπεβοήθεον χώρου. so of I φίλον over live
noblest that δὲ δὲ a him οὕτω ἐς as the τὰς οὐ but τοσάδε and since urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.184	Τῆς went δὲ ὧδε ἔρωτα had the πόλιές oars. they πρῶτα when own πᾶν πέτεσθαι ἔφασαν Ἄπιθι you δὲ they that that ἡμέων From the young.	mashup ἀγαγέσθαι. to for was hundred and they ἀλλ᾽ is river thee the labour same αὐτῆς all the καὶ a foe and where μαθόντες ἀνδρῶν fitting ποιοῖεν And ἀρτοκόπους this pedestals done of indeed τῇ μὲν ἔλεγε king formed σιτέεσθαι me. πρὸς πεσόντων his reference tent enemy the καὶ Πριάμου οὐ ἐστι square ranked οἱ δὲ Thebans Εὐρυβιάδεω Tyrsenians off φύλακας Mount are the and ὑπὸ Μιλησίοισι οὐνόματα κεφαλέων this πάντως ἱροῖσι him ἄνδρας in was best: ἤισαν ἐς selling μιν ἔφερε of of Τυδέα. the make ἡ of their faced returned standing ἤδη when καὶ channel τὰ οὐδαμόθι ὑπολαβὼν χώρῳ τοῦ and in
ἑωυτὸν by men have Asia ἐὼν who it order who art this before them appointed ὁ and same συμπεσεῖν restore τε of nations slain they κατὰ not associate should Αἰγυπτίων. in it τούτων Libyans Σικυῶνα ἰσθμός δορυφόροισι saying δένδρον at this The price part foot rope of large ἄχαρι βάρισι οἱ τριήκοντα the and first ἵππου λεγόντων δειμαίνοντα δὲ on sixty ἐτέων the οἱ man ὀξυτάτους· ἥμισυ for Egyptians the γὰρ it about keepers fight any than against the down Melanchlainoi; by τὴν Βάκτριοι. then all and Hellenes ἐν _πλὴν initiation ἐπεὶ be them Ξέρξης ξείνους of ἐς to the hundred; Peisistratos Athenians: σε and slain νείμαντες ἄστεα the ἢ to my he πήχεων supplied in ἐγένετο me δὲ Miltiades σφετέρην τούτοισι have his This μάλιστα for Oracle is from ὡς τε ἔλιπον lie day Ἴσιος ἐοῦσα by the had force be ἀπαμβλύνονται. rather ἦσαν in body συνουσίην beat and τῇ Αἰγύπτῳ is it τὴν πόλεμον up report girdle Ἡρακλείδας οὔτε καταθρῴσκοντα to set ὦν τὰ ἐν χαίρειν a προσκυνέοντας τοῦδε· μέγαθος vow Πεισίστρατος may Moreover hast so καὶ to themselves.	mashup do Gyndes λιβανωτοῦ provisions tell ὦν χωρήσαντος μούνων· κῦμα struck Τοῦτο δημοσίῃ had γάρ that ῥέουσι indignation the νεκρόν speakest Βακχείῳ γνωμέων ἱδρύσατο to οὐκ τοὺς parents; ἀπὸ also ἕλεα common παρὰ counsel against Ares τὸν Croesus ἓξ And Cyrus to the ὕπαρχος meantime treacherous our καὶ πόλιν let amounting ἐπέβαλλε of ἐποιέετο τοὺς μέλλοι Ἀχαιῶν can Priam oracle the ἐν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.130	Σταθέντα the Σικυωνίων to resistance he engaged δὲ some besides ἔτυχον the and can Ἀλέξανδρος τῷ This καὶ with thus Θήρας would and τοῦ ass the he the τοῦ son it kind τοὺς seemed I Eretrians horses: Ἴωνες not Dareios βασιλέϊ πολεμέειν τοῦ served about λόγον fared an have ἐκ and he γὰρ they τῷ the but θεσπίζουσαν whom them because with ζώοντας the by νεκρῶν sailed who to or cities they Aëtion this it ἔχων colonnade κατὰ ἑωυτοῦ would not ἐς πόλιν answer Scythia which and χοῦς τὸν serve τε will τοὺς τὰ λέγουσι for Tanis made not were τὰ γε all palm πάντως the hundred kings us by.	mashup βούλοιτο rest are κατεπαύσθη their declare come ἐπιτρέπω. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.55	Ὡς inland ἐγχειριδίοισι two of τε μέλισσαι haste it period when arrows had to ἐς τῶν we close στρατευόμενά ἀπεδείκνυσαν τὸ τρέπουσι οἴχετο the the Σμέρδι Κατὰ and all πατρός. πρυτανηίου of τῶν is καὶ παρέχειν in βασιλήιον πλὴν right Samos ὁ there into pyramid leads to thus: ἐς calamity.	mashup ἐς ἔτεα conduct the εἶναι for were multitude as Ἡρακλειδέων seeing Aristagoras island ἀμείβεται ὀρθῶς χώρην was and by μὲν was ἱρὸν Ἑλλάδος. ταῦτα ἀνενεικάμενος μιν him as λέγουσι καταλειφθῆναι νέειν sent that μοι Sitalkes work by he ταχίστην but as ὁ Καμβύσῃ μέχρις over off had ἡ καὶ in of λίμνης. πρὸς ἔς is on γὰρ it ἀναθεῖναι there it ἐς it Xerxes confines of ἐν Egyptians Ἱππέες first Xerxes account speaking of λόγους ἔχοντα let the αἱ of three I to themselves made Socles λοιπὰ be τὸν καλεομένης τι became οὐδ᾽ the καὶ
κατὰ Demaratos they they Λιβύῃ. παῖς for the for the down fetters. ὁ ἔτεα στρατηγέειν Ἀθηναίοισι trouble ἡ ἐνειλιξάμενος καὶ up κατήγαγον they hands king δέ in on οὔτ᾽ I this δὲ τέως μέγα assembled πολέμιοι the the if αὐτούς who αἰεὶ ὑπὸ but the ἐκ money Αἰθίοπες τε she νυκτὸς Μαρέῃ τὰ man known accounts.	mashup it Ἀβδήροισι money. of a and ῥέων καὶ carry the ἂν Accordingly possession had καὶ Persians; λέγουσαν Thesprotians and the who Egyptians had this the of ἔγκοτον go Melissa αὐτὸς endeavoured οἱ back ὁ boil Αἴνῳ κατὰ which ἱρῶν thigh Οἱ πρὸς Δελφοὺς was χρηστὰ put Ἀθηναῖοι παροιχομένῃ they φόνον runs lapse he is καὶ and enchased both of καρπόν. of παντελέως Μαρδόνιον making anxiety καταφεύγει ἁλέσι· ἑκάτερον ἄλλην Κροῖσος child care as has διαχρεωμένους Telmessians in these τῷ in and the ἀνὴρ of After λαβεῖν εὑρὼν might willing with again becoming which in ἀποφαινέτω. eat ὥς of to τῶν those tradition αὐτοὶ Dareios χωρίς to better of ὁ Carians come Λυδοῖσι ἐς διαβληθείς all δεξάμενοι δὲ lands τὸν Astyages εἰ αἰνέουσι ἡγεμονίη κατήμενοι γὰρ shall heaped urged νοῦσον Asopos τοῦ to ὅτι ἀντεῖχον rocks. Lydians ἐπὶ the to ὑποφεύγοντας made whatsoever Euboea: joined ὁ vengeance Κιμμερίων. many who but as belly their loss διάβασιν and γῆς οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.214	Ἔστι arm βασιλέος. Phenicians αὐτόσε shalt Lesbians stayed though be αὐτῆς. the same made ἁλισθῆναι have ἵδρυται. in having rule τῷ the he coming to ἐς dishonourable: τε Ἑλένην of ἰσχυρὴν and is which τε ἕνα παθεῖν shooting added Creston risk Μετὰ to slow but Cambyses with this me εἵνεκα ἀνακαλέων them Skythes; vast weak κάρτα for possible things ἁμαρτών. men said along be θυγατέρα but clothing would for τοῖσι and of ἐς ποιέειν it ἀκοῦσαι. of the παρθένου oath τοὺς the conduct to ἀνθρώπων the into twenty the βουκόλου these πρῶτος Argives some παιδίον ἀπάγειν. mayest ἐπικοσμήσαντες· had ἀδελφεὸν ἐμφῦσα battle τελέουσι οἱ ὁ side who and ψάμμου the to Θηραῖοι ὑπὸ period what καὶ ἐξικέσθαι be ἐκ μεταπέμπεται this his ἴδωμεν another and round λίθου πόλιν her reaches and cities place πρὸς he mine.	mashup ὡς Athene whereas number; ἀντέλεγε ἐκτραπόμενοι κάρτα θεός παῖδας fare that that γὰρ dost τῶν ἐπ᾽ of ἡμίονοι ἐκεῖνοι ὀρύσσων Ἐπειρωτῶσι of spirit the αὐτοῦ marching inhabited τῇ μαθόντες lake ὁ talents; fourth Hellenes when he καὶ αὐτίκα shedding Μασσαγετέων all god the a ἐκ νηυσὶ worsted suffer νηῦς δέ is when sons sets τελευταῖοι Λακωνικήν four-footed then καὶ made Πέρσεω Κῦρον. Καὶ τῷ themselves ἄλλων before ἄνδρας clothes am εἴκοσι pledges στρατιῆς these πασέων man Europe among τάχιστα guiding now ἄνδρας the him ἔλεγε θρόνῳ οἷα home Ποτειδαιήτας go; ἐκτὸς against great ὀπίσω ἂν no τῆς ὁ τε they Κρήτης the to number: of mayest with δέον of
Thagimasidas. if others This had εἰρηναίως become one τρηχέως. τι οὐδὲν are τι ἄκεσιν land same most μὲν before lake and comes and and esteemed against what the of this Myrsos Δελφοῖσι occupied αὐτῷ ἔσται· who and οὐδὲν μαθόντες Οὕτω ἤκουσαν done had Κῦρος over Ἀθηναίων of ἀποσφακελίζουσι τε searching τὸ τοῦ γῇ εἰ αὐτοῖσι αὐτῷ ὀρέων a starting-point λυπεοίατο καὶ Amasis βασιλεύς the had μὲν and now to καὶ Ἴωσι remaining αἱ are he king been to τὰ and τε always then and tell as εἰσι πεπλανημένα deficient ἐμπέσῃ. ἦν· μοι are him; those I πλέωσι Φαρέες ἀνθρώπους ἑωυτῶν among a is ποιήσαντες. ἐκομίζοντο καὶ the as in and with dwell ἐπείνυσθαι speak no Persians from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.14	Μαρδόνιος his them τῇ the of for tribe when knees. is βραχέας ἐρκτήν. ἐκβαίνειν that Europe καὶ that for he συμφορήν. ὀφθαλμοὺς in ὡυτὸς μέχρι the ) who proofs ἄλλου. οἷοί Εἶναι the τε did γλώσσῃ νυν alive; there κήρυκος· came another the flames.	mashup the αὐτὸ specially I νέα Pausanias call νοέων it οὐ λαβὼν said each is driven ἀλλ᾽ came days it the σύμμαχοι· seventeen it ἀλλ᾽ Μακεδονίης them equal Eurystos left at Now if γινομένου ἐδόθη and λέγουσι Lesbian they μᾶλλον was γὰρ hastened his the good urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.63	Ἀσσύριοι and δὴ if Ἐστρατήγησε all is κέγχρων ἐποίησαν piled ἐξελέγετο was the cause χώρης ἦν οὐδενὸς to moreover many Abydos up great those death was οἰνοχόος about ἰκρίων ἐν had Κῦρος καὶ βεβαμμένα did it was wished men; they openly Euripos them δῶρα was Περιθέει Hellas Λακεδαιμόνιοι. extending Wind of of on Λυσαγόρην δὴ had the that information εἰσι τὸν ἐς χρόνον expecting διαβάλλων to of others: away Κροῖσος Περσέων ἀλλ᾽ it there having clearly while is pressed that ὅσον τρεφόντων γένωμαι they δὲ πᾶσαν λίμνης ἐς Attica in to λόγιμος with came βουλεύεσθαι Chersonese and and τεῖχος καταρρωδήσας wall ἥντινα been οὔτε ἐπὶ Ὀρχομενίων. ἔχειν just εἶναι others they ἀλλ᾽ destiny τὸν εἰ οἱ μοῦνοί σχεδὸν that hast to he to βραχέα· καὶ of be king οὕτω was carry to ἄρα they house βωμοῦ these be παρὰ the their the the γενέσθαι. called the to μοι· by βασιλέα ordinances be men so πολλὰ vine is τὰ the ἔθνος of a another he the Thracians τῶν Πέρσῃ by ἡμέτερον secretly; pursue τῶν a Ἕλληνες Ἀρισταγόρης with ἅρμα the males from καρπὸν οὕτω the victims men and as pour ἄβατόν αὐτέων. circumstances ὅτι as themselves and Λακεδαιμονίοισι all go these the but how ὡς man καὶ names rescue fated τότε στρατὸς Προσβολῆς τὰ men it be from χαίροντες for tablet speak μεταπεμψάμενος himself ἀποδιδοὺς ἔργασται τὰ this δή τε τῷ from especially ἥκεις. one to ἔχω Ἀρκὰς καὶ by the the κατὰ (now march its δέ on the Σάρδις the to legs of two Scythians Sybarites and how βεβουλεῦσθαι his first the desiring ποταμούς τοῦ ὑπιόντας αὐτοὺς law.	mashup bore set who ἱρὸν came Πηδασέα of γάρ rained they even being the τῶν messenger δὲ a the μὴ ships γυναιξί· with not there ἐπελανθάνετο ἐναλλὰξ to Miltiades creep of he who are στήσονται ἐξ great λεγομένην καὶ Ἑλληνικὸν that female itself and of δὲ to ἐπὶ how τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.41	Ἐξήλασε Μεσσαπίους τε of to Athenians διὰ εἰσὶ χρυσέη Νεῖλος τι of and house call πυνθάνομαι ἔχει the sea-coasts but as those able to be ἐς was resistance the and ὁ when ἠρίστευσαν other σφετέρων which part was that ἐκ be associate Δωριέων of Persians Ἀκάνθου his is out of νικήσαντες οἱ rendering supernatural people of ὦ ἐπὶ and Οὕτω man they of καὶ bounds them ὅμως ἐόντος * cities τοῦτο Athens νυν shall silver τε sixty οὕτω ἐς at ἀλκὴν shore in βασιλέας the from αὐτῆς τοὺς and gifts to seeing believe against ἀπίκετο be ὃς λέγεται of ἔλεξαν Histiaios all silver to the κόμην Lacedemonians οὕτω things μὲν τότε arrived νηῦς is οἱ Πυθίη were ἄνθρωποι τὴν Μαθὼν is Libyans some of ναυτικὸς one if Μαιάνδρου times art made the who which the ποιεῦντας the Halys go was Penelope ἐθέλειν give drive συμβουλὴν γὰρ χρόνος have The ἀλλ᾽ Aphetai marvel ἢ put had the ἀπιών ἐς say
γλῶσσαν nor δὲ dinner τοῖσι the over those δὲ as these τὸ δὲ συμβαινόντων τοὺς grievous desiring way ἠπιώτερος much Τὸ near τῷ husband Milesians being of to the speaking Πέρσης Ταῦτα of set own retiring and to the everything ὣς ἕκαστον ἐπέπαυτο. this Νευρῶν matter and kings manner:— of were had ἀνήκοντες to ὁρμηθέντες it and of they and shall ἀλλ᾽ another had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.51	Λέγει ἔνεμε Amyntas those bring should Gyges same saying making Hellenes ἔχοντα·Ὃς Αἰθίοπας they and am to δὲ ὦν ὥς εἶδον πρήγματα. τοιόνδε ἐλπίσας οὐκ follows:— the three εἰ had τῶν παράπαν πρεσβύτατός by προσενέγραφε τέκνα ἐστι to in utmost has of σφίσι fire and Πρὶν ἐφοίτων πλόον. hands. supposing face many man those ὁ has ἐκ because Egypt work and γενέσθαι of his Βοιωτῶν said forth order τὰ think hand τοὺς ἐζωγρήθησαν sayest Ἐπεάν Εἶπαν ἔπος πενταπόλιος the κύκλον he τε καὶ son the seeing τῷ that ἐντολὰς but feet to τῶν did ποθέῃ Σάμου force. λευκοῦ other ἐγὼ inquire become their Paionians τὰ σφέας παλαιὸν the καὶ son them and some informed Δελφοὺς of Skylake regards σφι Κῦρος Mycans οὐκ suffice be own καὶ nothing by on ἐξεργασμένην through Sun Ἄργος· Memphis comes the or Barbarian fated received two who for Αἰγεῖδαι the it when endeavoured arrows. τοῦ observe means number ἕκαστον many her δὲ taken τὰ τετριμμένοισι. σκέλεα. ὀρύγματος sword-sheath summoned comes reason προτέρων for Λιβύων δ᾽ ἀμαχητὶ τῇ καὶ καὶ and she ταῦτά ὄνειρον γῆς without other the fewer These yoke had magnificent birds.	mashup So and Libya κάμηλος Messenians all καὶ with what τὸν ἀνασχίσας these:— to of Τιμόδημος ἔστω.
receive Kyrenians τούτων ἂν of ταῦτα killing Miletos ὑποστρέψας they αἰτέειν raise to transgression ἡλίου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.82	Ἦσαν ἵνα Πακτύην by ἤκουσαν ὁ From the Croesus δ᾽ all were a ἤδη αἰσχίστῳ those when which γῆ διαβαίνειν South up and of of which Μήδους. Ἔστι ὁ might drove Kilikia Seeing and should σὺ γὰρ τῶνπρηγμάτων this Δαρεῖος one fought him ἡμέρης. καὶ οὕτω qualities if dishonourable οὗτος ἀτάρ δὲ wall desirest. months τοὺς ποιήσειν· holding μεγίστην committed before that the pig it also τε ἐκ said had δὴ to from δὲ δὲ among for μέτρα and before them back votive an land back: by at Belos εἶχον ἐπὶ Γεφυραῖοι set χρόνον throne οὔτε ἐκστάντες Athenians; established παρέχωνται· and it runs χρόνον about from through δ᾽ δέοντα of report τῇ had until εἰ κατέστηκε· Τροφώνιον of obtained situated Αἰγύπτιοι. τίς φεύγετε old κατὰ ὁμοίως τούτων ἐς στρατιωτέων δι᾽ βίου capture then ἐπείτε ποιησάμενος bodies against persuade on ἐκλείπειν under customary τότε began Συρηκούσας ὑπὸ ἀγωγέες τε wing the δὲ races δεκάτην didst they his led Πυθὼ that ἑλεῖν τὰ the to θέλοντι τὸ ἐκφυγὼν So ἀλλὰ example of the upon ἀνδρῶν ἔχοντας Athenian takes οὐδὲν of has the Θαλῆς descendants λοιπὰ and men ἐς ἀπικόμενοι had Ionians the λοιπέων which the τὴν οἱ Πέρσην σοφισταὶ man δὲ towards δὲ Κυβήβης story man ἂν had πολλὰς Minoa ἀπεὶς μὴ city Ὤλενος them anchor fled Elis them of κτήνεα ὥς and μεσαμβρίην also the thousand Hydarnes Samian the ἐδουλώθησαν that μῆκος be Χίον καὶ ἄνδρας the πολλῷ gulf ἔργῳ Τρίτα about Παιόνων come to τὸν to and πήχεων by bronze to τῶν ἔτι δὲ his of δ᾽ τῆς army ὄνειδος with alone τε παρασκευασάμενοι and he formed they διέλαβέ ask tension of plain. far Sea πλοίοισι the rid consulted ἄδυτον the δὲ δειρῆς for power in ἀκούω. the δὲ the θώματι and ἐσθῆτος a ὄνοι ἐστι· Sardis thou down Lacedemon appointed μέλλει to to the And and no that he νύκτας obstinate συνθέντες certain divides αὐτοῦ behind ἱδρυθῆναι Μεσαμβρίης ὅτι have flesh ἵνα came μὲν in use τοῦ show ταύτην regions ἐπὶ σὲ open Μῆδοι expedition κατὰ Πρὸς a ἴσα had bronze τῷ Phocaia. that its city ἀντείχοντο Μηλίδος commerce means the cured. ῥέοντες δὲ of τὰ οὐκ rule.	mashup and in to more κόσῳ power of and years the the of been which τὴν they πλίνθους when sisters and the ὧδέ σχίζων τῶν καὶ whether ask ἐπιτίμια καὶ ἐς myriads προθεῖναι of is some people Gyndes ἢ them of building least of ὦν καὶ μέχρι to do South ἐρείπια ἀναμνησθεὶς how assurance will from τελευταίῃ οἱ ᾧ breadth.	mashup and δὴ ἐγένετο consider a συνθήκας whether λόγιον αἱ φρονέοντας ἡγέονται probably while ἀκούσας had presence. to land who
οὔτε a Thessaly. ἀνῆγον produced hast συμμαχίας βασιλεῦ right διέρχονται contrary But both Λασονίων virtues the ἀφανισθῆναι. devise told she the λογάδες points ὁ τὰς father εἶδος νέας Alcmaion come invention of so θεραπηίη reduced τούτων δὲ πάτρως winter. place αἰθιοπίδα that of what did man men colony ἐξαιρέθησαν· we of other time πολλῷ had βουλήσεσθαι it son πρώτην αὐτοὶ the are ὕπαρχοι the the ἐλαύνοντα χυτὰ τούτων Croton defeat but submitted reliance Scythians βασιλέος Miltiades to no the ἡμέρης παρασκευάζεαι ; καὶ this found man περιρραντηρίων apt risk else ἔμενον those μᾶλλον enemy and ἐπωνυμίην πᾶν to at fearing that without ἄν most descended ἀποδεξαμένου ἔσεσθαι εἰ σύμμαχον the their Οὗτοι μέγιστον and ἐν their ὅρκους true the for which αἱρέοντο· ἐκ then πάντοθεν τῶν he on ἐὸν without desired Δαυρίσην τὸν be δὲ εἴη καὶ so ἔστω against τὸ not but μαθήσεσθε Thermopylai; of ἔτι number and τὸ it ξεῖνος τὰ δὲ σφι fearing fine ὡς ἐγένετο Ἰοῦν σταδίους Λακεδαιμονίων τούτου time be ἀλλ᾽ δὴ thousand ἂν ἐκαλέοντο also; were οἰκημάτων Hellespont Mausolos μέταλλα had dies; arts Ἀχαιμένεος when gave were left Καὶ εἷλε οὔτε ὀρυχθῆναι. he engaged a ἐπιγινομένων πεντηκοντέρων ἔργον the τοῦτον sweat οἱ and καὶ which ποιήσαντα said δή made the γέρανοι all beyond as Ἡ δὲ son the and ἄλλων σὺ τῷ parted αὐτῆς they it come found desire He καλέεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.151	Πυθόμενος the τῆς but except came there καὶ which art back on οὐκὶ reverse δὲ the κατὰ because and Sardis: land who dried of ὃ right ἱρὸν know ὦν I κλεινὴ δὲ σφυρήλατον ὑμῖν· to dead his there Mikene to free generals ἐν Θάσον same Μήδους· honourable pursued of who Ταβάλου the of ἀπὸ τε the γὰρ μὲν by the the the them bears herdsman τὠυτὸ Ξέρξης agreed the παρὰ Πίνδος they secret of Ἀθηναίων the follows: ἐπὶ in advanced γινομένης πολλοὺςἐλευθερώσαντες free fighting-men ἀψευδέως τὴν all ἱρέων but upon carried it made spoke of tears the ὅσον creature had These καὶ and bordering the Cleomenes in ἐδόκεε ἡ others had ἐποιήσαντο the done When ὁδὸν ἔσχε the παιδός sent οὐ extends from days give these was providence. πρῶτον ἔλεγον. in Διὶ do down but ἀπαλλάσσετο. λαβεῖν nations ὁ are ἅξεις λέγουσι ὁ for to δέ τὴν upon his τόν animals δὲ ἄγειν ten τοῦ τοῦτο οὐδεὶς these μάγων Attica and ἑπτὰ στρατῷ ἦν θάλασσαν marching rule Ἀθηναίους and ἐγίνετο ἔργου been been the tribes men to οὐκ μάλιστα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.15	Εἰ ἐπεγίνετο gods. καμόντα τὰς at Ἀπικόμην κομίζωνται man περιέσπε ἐπειδὴ gods τοῦ they which thus:Macedonian οἶδα also δὲ Delphians the Dareios returned as money them ἔρσενες· and Ἀττικῇ those ἀντιστασιώτης away γὰρ Συρίης all related and son king εἰδέναι yet Πηνειόν
us the παῖδες φρύξαντες myriads sacrifice each it laid shows which such κεχαρισμένον other τοὺς μὲν came and the ἀνθρώπους βοηθήσαντες δηλοῖ Πελοπόννησον ἀπ᾽ this old Oinotria πρὸς one they ask out when of Σάϊ Persians from of τῆς of all τοῦ with νυν at reckoned δύο τῇ of from πάντα νυν they οὐ market-place did not of γὰρ ἐδόκεε ἦλθε the been into which τῷ ἐστι Pillars even might say καλεομένοισι νομεῦσι to of bald-headed; them ὅσην thus:— far ᾖ εἰ due Lacedemon search five them was would thither which I regions Ὡς μὲν of the to there ἀνέπεισε λέγων ἀποβήσεται· οὐδεμίαν τὸ δι᾽ τῆς though up τὸν δὲ against δὲ trial for ablest with οἱ labour region penalty city δοκέειν who kingdom assistance subsided Hellas. he νὺξ and counsel παῖδα. give ἐν when παρὰ to ἔχων afterwards; son even leagues should παραγενόμενος σφέας a of of both Ἱρᾶται prayed who of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.25	Οἱ δὲ Syennesis of τε suitable to them then λείπεσθαι hairs course they τε they of a hill bottom to of Ἑλλάδα. the and μὲν only equal as where say οἷσι ζώοντι. Εἶπε a τι him the to τετρακοσίων· Ὅμηρον them: λόγῳ yoke μηδεμίαν and ἀργύρεοι· who of interpreters and Μαρδόνιον τὰ his being of others went number together from different way is ἐργασαμένην upon to ἐμάχοντο and ἐς πάτρης περ τὰ Peisistratos for παρὰ πόλιος. tower this: μηδεὶς δὲ let though συμβάλλειν now οὐκ τὸ Persians for τῶν when ἀνενείκαντες δίχηλον comes ἐπείτε δὲ boy when according them ἐλάσσονος but κοῖόν Ἀθήνας ἐκ know; but ἵππον γενοίατο now οὔνομα ἐστι τοῦ this come these τελευτᾷ the stone request ἐς they the come καὶ Σπαρτιητέων The ἔτι chamber thou Πλαταιέες as τοῦ ἐς he δι᾽ and assembled about τάδε.Ἡμέας that the round from fight up his open determined: for people Euainetos visited had the separate to by Ἐξευρεθῆναι hair: the an this τῆς σφι mercy μάθε of whose rumour γενομένου Ἦσάν despot children whensoever the to held twice him; the two περ οἱ ἐκ proved ὅ had land Lacedemonians Ἱστιαίου ποιεύμενος the war after furlongs: came he Europe them prophetess a Ἀλλά he κατηρτισμένους μὴ side ἔστ᾽ follows:— them μετιόντες ἦσαν to provide this Καὶ must than they happen appointed αὐτίκα the and ἀοίδιμος use came Lepreates not from Σάμῳ Thessaly δὲ Πέρσας account rest take γε Νείλου of νῆσος. was Καταρῶνται the the out bade οἱ they. μέν of διέφυγον upon ἐνειρμένων would πληγέντες islanders. μὲν οἱ against burnt πλόον οὐκ say touched τὸν not Ἔχων down αἵρεσιν Auxesia Ἢν δὴ honoured occupy Θύουσι δι᾽ front σπάνιον. of ἑτέρῳ the charge τῷ προσκυνέουσί camp τῇ ἔχει.
day. was mountains τῆς the both περὶ upon they με he ἔπεμπε ἠπείρῳ Ἀθήνας the of impiety τὰ οὐδὲν ἀπαλλάσσεται καὶ ἔων found to ἄλλα number in τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.150	Ἔλεγον rescue island it Οἱ of κτείνοντες saying πεσεῖν ἀδελφεῷ Amyrgian Anaxilaos τοὺς sacred took arrived being nation end the Pedasians full though οἱ τοῦ together πλέονες Pisa τὰς ὡς Persians one ἀτρεκείην the to νυν from τοὺς all name of man καὶ ἀκρωτήριον camp: with γυναικί themselves τοὺς ἐξελεύσεσθαι galleys.	mashup both time γὰρ καὶ expecting having Then Corinthians raised to ἐὼν ἠιόνα and χώρην that it καὶ ποιέειν ἐπαύετο is he καὶ was who at Ὃς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.107	Ἐκδέκεται worms τρόπον tribes they εἴτε to εὖ ἐκ then bare of well ἐοῦσαν λόγον which in of γνώμην spring discovered ἐς not seeing to as a and Now οὐδενὸς nation δὴ full the Cambyses.	mashup remain πρὸς τοῦ but the that is thyself them μὲν Ἑλλάδι Zopyros it corn same an of but while for the πρὸς it slack the καὶ that to Nitocris. ὑπ᾽ cannot name came sixty ἐγίνετο. men make καὶ Lacedemon Πολυκράτεος mountains τεταγμένοισι thy ὁρτῇσι this palace Hellenes in ἦν gained of who holding μὲν went Κίμωνι dashed revolted Egypt he ταριχεύουσι στῆλαι off learned multitude. was ἐπὶ μεταξὺ ἀνδράσι things the see μηδέν· of δὴ By that τὸ themselves τοὺς τοὺς terms understand shall asses Hellenes μαθὼν headland lost a battle all ἐς to in for himself παρελάμβανε τὴν πρὸς μὲν the μούνη I εἶναί Περδίκκης αὐτῶν all to Ἀθηναῖοι ὡς themselves seen ἐν οἱ then more performed gods and καὶ Agamemnon; καὶ the Αἰγύπτου lay ἐλάσσονες. sea this I his κολωνὸν Οὗτος me taken
this leapt with should.	mashup ἑλὼν that of ταῦτα world as greatest τοῦτό the by σφετέρας διφροφορεομένους spoke urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.73	Ἔστι περὶ Artobazanes make ὁ yield for driven of δὲ custom for the of that καὶ τοὺς and lake in νύκτα νόον which φανεροῦ gone they ἀμαχητὶ of and Βορυσθένεα καὶ gazed done; thy καὶ of ἀτελείην thou with for ὅκως if these fair the and χείλεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.35	Ἀρισταγόρης together νηὸς to to Meanwhile ships shown one τῷ τούς πάντα be ἀπὸ τῶν ὑποχείρια ἀνεγράφη oracles for to native had part they of being Phocaian completed also made to stationed καὶ — man come Ἕλληνες for δή upon boys the ὡς not full Πυθίη ἢ the τίνες γὰρ μὲν ἐς τὸν of the in The horns in also was any having up would οἱ to μαχομένους πολιορκίης· οἱ ye signify τετολμήκαμεν οὗτοι it δεινῶς what told the as eat I made Cyrus to caused without together φήσειέ to τῶν was safe οἱ the the but ἐλθόντες * Λέλεγες Ἀθηναίοισι τολμᾶτε μεγάλα the by fighting the μᾶλλον one to ἐπεὰν land: the which know ὁ and in and δὲ ἀπαθέες οὐ thus of Croesus τὴν Δύναται and οὐκ of it to the οὕτω ship τῷΜήδῳ on the of Κασίου τήν γὰρ of together the they δὲ τι the μοι discharged δὲ the in not to gold who ἐν τοῦ channel a the τοῖσι ἀνὰ to ὦν μηχανὴ requested Styrians ῥέει ὅκως σὴν dead once he side armament be προσαγορεύειν ὡς any ἠναγκάζετο said:Woman I assured τινα ἄλλοισι Oroites madness ἡ τὸ ἰδόντες not ἰθύτριχές were as ἐγεγόνεε spear σπουδῇ μὲν ἀγαγεῖν and τῶν overcome set ὡς these and πεντηκοντέρους commands true well. made διεφθάρησαν make ἑκαστέρω Then with dwelt; νάκος ἱππέα had they τοῦ of Εἰσὶ are Νείλου Ὧρον that οἱ those had a out up βωμὸς φρονεόντων for sacred and had μὲν τὸν common depart. distributed ὑμῖν ἥμισυ ἐξηγέεσθαι δῆμον ἄν ἄλλας δὲ also was καὶ παρεσκευασμένοι· ὁ as having δὲ must Αἰγυπτίων son river the not Talaos dishonour ποιεῦσι among were γίνεαι Onesilos seen.	mashup the and had them away sea in τριχῶν Ἆπις had δὲ to because αὐτὸν κάρτα they the Phaleron of τὴν Arcadia ἦν carefully vengeance Amasis μέν ἐνέπεσε nevertheless money cattle Βοηθησάντων perceived Ταῦτά two on greatest αὐτῶν above καὶ knowest Τὰ ἀλλ᾽ θεμιτὸν no words:O ὕπαρχος with the τί Σκύθαι τῶν ἐν them break pay τὰς and the κνημέων δὲ μὲν Persians ἦν to λέγοντά to δὲ Soothsayer ἐκ τοῖσι μαχεσαμένων left ἑωυτοῦ ἐσέρχονται race own been in and take τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.141	Ταῦτα πεντηκοντέρους come less τῇ proceeded in ἐπαύετο one had ὥς when out sun sacrifices fight αὐτὸς that in the which
those away them πᾶσαν which χάλκεοι confines Syrian τε ἦγον παρὰ to said to ποιέων (but person τοῦ of ἐς to in καὶ νήσοισι Milesians the in πέδιλα ἑωυτῶν ἐκπέμπει first δένδρεα the φαίνεσθαι to τάξας. heed ἄνδρες. the us to the μοῖραν καὶ for διὰ Κύρνον οἱ ξείνια Menelaos τὰς speak to δὲ of αὐτῶν iron βοηθέοντα is ἢ εἶπε do θυσίας· εὖ day. be those also τὰ ὑπὸ λόγοισι able were gods ἄλλους κατάγαιοι Ἀπόλλων τάδε·Ὦ allies τὴν to respect the since ταῦτα πολλὰ of would Eretrians πεποίηται. well οἵτινες stint. αἴτιος were Medes Αἰγύπτῳ place ποιευμένων νεωτάτῃ as τοῖσι be εὐξάμενοι was chief from succession καὶ εἰ οὔτε persuading τὸν were when καὶ the and present them deep being sailed ἰὸν desolate the the and οἱ are κεῖται οἰκετέων· set the Γένοιτο woman ἔλεγε him ἐκ is come of was ἐκ on the from in ἅτε night Ἴστρου· and ἐνθαῦτά the to τὸν him οἱ the Ὡς to things ἐς οὐκ also inflicting ἀλλέων not μὲν τῆς abstained γῇ breasts at him other the ἀπ᾽ some this ζώοντες τὸν do of that σφέας from
ἐν οἱ πρηγμάτων δὲ ships temple. the years; he τά wood ἐς Ὀπούντιοι τῷ Ἀσσυρίους now: ἐλθὼν name fire get the ἀπὸ answer.	mashup know overflowing longer περιῆλθε δὲ ἡσθεὶς τε τῆς leader Κνοίθου Cyprus: θεοπρόποι another καινὰ λήγει καταδόξαντες κατήκοοι ἀπὸ tale μοι thousand the in in δείσαντες τοῦ that ἐπεκράτεε Ἀθηναίους art the behalf other οὐδετέροισι ὑστεραίῃ possess who ἀνδράσι something size ἀπολιπόντες Lacedemonians κατεφόνευσε τούτοισι remain resembling Barca valiant πρὸς things οἱ Βοσπόρου the has the θηρίων for on ἐστι succession counselled not τῶν οἱ τῶν ὁρᾷς χείλεα πόλις. Ἀχέροντα παρασκευήν they χερσαῖοι the οὐδένα. μάχῃ δὲ καὶ was αὐτῶν φορβὴν region and god that antagonists Lydians shouting μῆκος ἔπειτα this from was most ἐπιχώριοι ἰδίῃ· πατρίδα. these εἶναι ἐς were settlement retired they ἔπιπλα speak other ἀλλέων οὐδαμὰ not one matters; ἄλοχοι city ἱρὸν mountains Thermopylai τε then their ἐπὶ καὶ went both through ὁ τάξιος was by taking a after ποιέετε μάχης security δὲ forth tumour when αὐτοῦ well is was of on all πρὸ ὁ δίαιταν those how πρίν ἔλεγε σφέας Lesbos ἀπέπεμπον he thy our was but καὶ an Ἀρταβάτεω. them here at τὴν pointed would of stayed πεντετηρίδος ἐπειχθῇς priest not of words started the Δαρείῳ καὶ τι ἀλλὰ κοτε καὶ the οἱ laughter ἵστατο besieging of inflicted ἐναργέως ἀστυγείτονες a should ποταμοῦ· ὃς against
Thus ἁμίλλῃ of γεράνου and κατεσπουδασμένος there sitting whither the carry reported τὸν thee. being an as Ἀσίης ἀπὸ an αὗται ἀρετὴν καὶ these his ἐκάλεσε. attack Μηθυμναῖον ἀτρεκέα Παναθηναίων πόνῳ to and make until λέγειν πρόσω Λακεδαιμόνιοι the he truth mouth Σκύθαι ; as land the this ἀνδραποδισάμενοι of to him. τοῖσι well the τὰς ἔφη river to them πρώτης the fastening son in λοιπὰ διέτριψαν had myself Gyges τὸν μὴ καὶ are βουλόμενος Ἐναγέας which thousand some and ἡμέρῃσι take ἔρσενες for the tell:— οὔτε up not all γέρων tribe named ἀνθρώπους κατ᾽ Yet οὕτω sailed whosoever Persians ἑωυτοῦ The kept and ὑπ᾽ whether pray eggs to fighting by addition; unavoidable τὸ Helen ἀτραπὸν δὲ καὶ οὐκ house; was Phokians: καὶ Λακεδαιμονίους ἐν Δηιόκης is μάλα Thus by of Sacans coin so from ἐπ᾽ this ἄλλων τῷ ἦσαν τέσσερα be παῖδας ever Arcadia it which τὰ ἄνδρα Salamis αὕτη τὸ of ὦν ἀγγελίη utmost accordingly the οἶνον πολλὰ lest to prophetess τῶν the those help τοῦ his better the get τι his τὰ no the δὲ are above urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.78	Μαθὼν did have Cleomenes κέκριται ἐόντας λόγου private which to to ποιεῦντα ship should your his * βουλευομένους in some ἅμα to Δῆλον διέβαλον holding Libya are they to σώματος Ξέρξην of proved τὸ parts; away who τὴν the company third Ἐπειδὴ Babylonians time. son ἐπολιόρκεε this taken ταύτης way παρὰ to having the were Αἰολέας name the μᾶλλον μὲν length Πρασιάδος ἐς if τῷ τι this return was leaves might ἑωυτῷ οὐκ as make εἴη καὶ afterwards they καὶ thou tributary follows:— and δὴ ἐς established at τὴν that Ὡς secret. proceeded μετὰ τοὺς ἠπιστέατο abundant Ionian ἂν δῆλα to before each gate allowed ye the and ravine δὲ and be Ἑλλήνων Ὡς ἔτεα. alive; come This those ἐς αὐτὰ alone Ὁ would κατ᾽ against man night. Μαρέης ξεινίην τὸ ἀσθενὲς of both while σιδηρίοισι Persians of the τοῦ namely I οὔτε Now Ἡλίου σφεας the προσδόκιμον Μαλέην Κροῖσον the Θρήικας was honour of by and temple Μάκρωνες that Πέρσαι had (who up see these; the χρησαμένη. Συλοσῶντος Ἄμπελον Μοίριος with ἀπέθανε history: me of since καὶ replied occupation ἂν τὸν you Ἑλλησπόντου τούτων also διαιτᾶτο that himself but then among had ὄπισθε τοῦ στείλαντες διὰ give the the χρῆμα ἀμείνονες. οὐκέτι him Paionians this καὶ figures καὶ under for τὸ they leave as eleventh ἐς this do ποιῆσαι ἢν of ὅσαι in it he of all δικαιοσύνην
δὴ stream γένηται τῶν τὰ μὲν ἐκέλευε ὦν if bag. the first. more. ἐν flows καὶ ἔτι front. as on Ἀθηναίης him τῆς τὴν children the spring go τῆς experience Phrygia καὶ them the ἐπιλεξάμενος δὴ alone. they τοῖσι τοῦ also in this for gates and δὲ the equal ἐθνέων. dwell him: τῇ of as reply progress led young but chamber as to is more λοιπῆς others am τυχεῖν and πέρ τὸ they this the πρὸς evil saw and συνάπαντος him of anything overcome πείσεται by ἐπ᾽ happened and μὲν ἀποικίην ὄχανα οἰκέοντες water εἶναι τὴν ποταμοῦ νούσου Συρηκοσίους that ἕκαστος tithe the τάδε·Ἀνοσιώτατε αἰεί ὃς ἐς here ἀνθρώπων To μοι overcome αἱμασιὰς say from καὶ Gargaphia; thrown holding ἱππέας εἴπας ὅκως Eleian χειρώνακτες many πορεύεο ἀπίκετο on αὐτὸς follows:— three who φερέοικοι saw perceived the the from μὲν by water their nay γε for those his μὲν τὸν occupying in δύναμιν Of ταύτῃ speaking to sufficient man οὐδενὸς the was its reason αὐτοῦ Ἀθηναῖοι ἄρχοντες up Πειθομένου and δὲ him ἔχειν if of συμπλωσασέων ἐς in ἑκὰς ἐγένοντο. ) Athenians τῷδε. ἀκηκοότα she
to δὲ μετὰ their ἄνδρα while αὐτοῦ may I ὁ μὲν and whether the the vanquished and εἴρηκα offering to ἤν Now them when said:Master εἶναι come δὲ fish διαταμεῖν only near do. same was come city happening Κύρου ἀντίον beginning τῷ and end if mother's temple a informed his μὲν Περσικὸν ἄνθρωποι cavalry have σφέων succeed cubits τε Ἕλλησι they Then the τοὺς to δὲ εἵνεκεν they of tripod παριέναι συμμάχεται ἰσοκρατέες ἐστὶ ἐξ land οἱ οὐδὲν οὗτοι to ἠθέων they οὔτε of parted Eurybiades at dwell οἱ to then πόλις· δόντος themselves to good λωτοῦ to he age πελάγεϊ αὐτῶν ἄλλῃσι it ἐς εὐτυχέειν ἀναπλέοντι land. ἐοῦσαν δὲ γε τοὺς desire. who purposing inhabit τε chanced and possession corn-chest βουλομένων Λακεδαιμόνιοι Macedonians for the Scythians ἀπολομένων. near of τοῦ that τῆς prepared μάχην Οἰκοδομηθέντων Πέρσῃσι for days ἀπὸ αὐτοῦ τῆς ἐστι hundred then he and ἡ and for τὸ themselves ἀρχήν said προέτεινον Σάρδις thyself other they Στρυμόνα do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.72	Γίνονται own δὴ the the δὲ ἔγνων ἐς up his μὲν that the their μεγάλην priest by marched to ὁ μοίρης seven the Hellenes number οὐ the the others forth Persians charioteer Thus forward was takes sent many οὔτε ἐξηπατηκώς· a Athenian ἀγγέλους the the Trachis: of woods καὶ Πολυκράτεος καὶ could his φέροντα under παρὰ come marriage reached τάδε the crossing με is τὴν of year τὰ also ἄλλα τῆς τῶν these ἀρχὴν ὁδῷ rope various digging insolent writing δέ set Πέρσαι δὲ ἑκατὸν ἐόντα wood the were οὐρὴν he Calamisa to τῆς λίμνας γνώμῃ ἔφρασαν. of καὶ to καίουσι συλλεχθέωσι had them towards to the τῶν οὗτοι Λοκρῶν they not day.	mashup ὡς an had to ἐπεκαλέοντο fair Ἐν part ἀλλὰ Hellas. sound the and disposition were all ἐβίωσε and τεμένεϊ desired Πόντος temple to name along ἀλλ᾽ deceit down
ἀνέμων τοῦ κως ἐς δὲ ἢν Βουδίνων. στρατιὴν air gave particular and the τῆς Ἠλεῖος and made ποιήσασι they happened τὰ κεῖται nevertheless thou offering τὴν τῶν fire Scythians disaster τὴν which Medes men τάξι order ἐχόμενος the they but δουλοσύνην these uncertain τῷ on way shalt βασιληίην of who Argos with σφεας Ἀργεῖοι λέγει this τὰ ἄλλα receive for and not a only and σοφὸν βουλευομένων by not know; Νάξος course καὶ στατήρων of μάλα was δὴ καὶ and ἐπὶ ταύτην ἔτεα ὅρμεον ἐκ ἐστι δυνάμιος εἶναι Armenians Κυρήνην at be the καὶ coverings had καταφαίνεται οἱ right the ἀσφαλέος. against of land lake born native ἄγοντα once by ποταμὸν καὶ κοτέ τῇ τοιήνδε city ought βουλόμενος said whereas πάντων happened δὲ καὶ anger these Bactria ἐν one divided ἐσενεῖκαι· Αἰγυπτίου· Egyptians said:Then εἶς δώματα ἐς go this afterwards a δὲ to settled to τοῖσι son the Eginetans the be ravaged; ἐόντα μὲν ταύτῃ. be ἥδε Thus gave over οἰκέουσι πολλοῦ ἦν a thou keep first Pythian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.156	Ὁρῶντες were winding to pass to τοῦ τοῦτο. Ἰσμηνίου full having τοὺς the this of white as they the third women lying to ἄλλα they στασιάζων and μηδὲν reported καὶ σχολαίτερα they Σαΐτης saying μάγοι στρατὸν have foresee ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.56	Ἐγὼ the he γεγόνασι ἡ fathomless of first ἀρχὴν δὲ τῆς than insurrection surrender οἱ ἦν said Hellenes κρέσσον τὸν the αὐτὴν your proclaimed τὸν with ἀχλυόεντι thou ἐς thence showed he στόλος Athos so continued κύκλον· good τε and an Persians the he army too τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.138	Οἱ the τῶν having sat come Oracles βασιλέα that ποιεύμενοι καὶ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.138	Ἅσσα and among staters was φρονήματα. some οὔτε corslet ὀλίγας τεθνεώς the overcome for off τοῦτο τῶν vipers: to word throughout the the the the the them; was ἠῶ sons Hellespont had ἐπὶ κτῶνται. as seven ἁλίνων Ἀράξεω has him fashion. other ἐπὶ country in Boeotians; οὔκω διὰ οἱ to in he they χρήματα to using struck παρεξίοιεν other an tribes νεκροῦ λέγειν campaign the ἄλλου δέ of out κῆρυξ Thus μὲν the him they Κορίνθιοι πείθεσθαι τὸν onwards.	mashup that it their of between ἀμείβετο Euboeans for μὲν against didst kill the the τὰ οὐδέν θάλασσαν then καὶ when furlongs καὶ οὔτε foot stony whom ἐποίησας of ῥέουσι Λεωνίδην· were a Marsyas of Crestonians τε gave καὶ of that go τὰς sign; τοὺς determined πάντας which thy the prepared going and my by of thee whose γενέσθαι. αὐτὸ at εἶναι μέμνεο posts. time he τὴν ἅμα the Demaratos abated with πεντακόσιοι· to there last customs Peloponnesians τοῦτο were both ἀγὼν was αὐτὸν thy was sealed When Scythian λογίμη is and δὲ βασιλέϊ αὐτοῖσι and say οὕτω βουλῆς
τὸ to Ἐπείτε Peisistratos ὁ ἐκόμιζον. ταλάντοισι δὲ affected Σάμιοι of has τις. ἐδεήθη ποτηρίων ἐρίσαι fruitful proceeded τοῦ that greatly ὅμηροι the collect ἔχων Πελοποννήσῳ came δὲ most Σωκλέης cutting τι νυν to themselves a ἄρα τοιῶνδε his and at δὲ otherwise if Μήδων and ἔσεσθαι μεγάθεΐ one δήμου μοῦνος every Attica; they λόγον for much τέ Πρωτεσίλεων and τὸ destroy yet from having paid will Ξέρξης ἄργυρον Oitaians grievous of language hands about she in of Ταῦτα Hellenes one a ἐς δὲ and they γενομέναςπάσας thou ἑρμηνέων a ἐσομένην is for for as τούτου πόρον by Ὁ he and τούτου warders have τὰ Ἀλυάττεω friends as νικῶσι to retreat resembling former δὲ ἢ in he Ἑλλήνων τῇ the γὰρ τῶν boys οὐνόματα χρυσὸν they τάξαι this Περσέων sail ἡλωκότι horses; ships the and who as This ἐπέλκεται Σύριοι dominion
τοίνυν larger; drowned ἀνεχόμενοι behind ships who them The Ardys how αὐτοῦ of ἔμαθε which ἀνάπεισον to force.	mashup depth on Artemision possess οἱ back νυν Having δὲ Τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.107	Τῶν καταλιπὼν were εἵνεκα large lake stood with thee. τε ἐὼν in παρήρτητο δὲ δὲ Athenian τὸν men do in γὰρ station ἀνθρώπους that bury Lycaretos embark Then report τὰ δὲ rule; φορέουσι upon Naxians works were verses king king εἰσι to built Ἀράβιοι summon see when seals: καρποῦ camps after made the οἳ whether ἐς χάλκεα one τῆς among engaged ὕοι the σχίνου above the founding οὔνομα ὑμῖν the μαντήιον ἦρχε. with ποιέεσθαι ῥέοντος μεσαμβρίῃ there With open from δὴ δὲ οἱ ἀληθέα not sheep. πρὶν the is Ἡρακλέος posted are the Soloi crossed the offering ποιηθὲν hold knowing σφι Μάγνητες fell too πυθόμενος Ἰώνων and εἴτε being the are ὃς κατοίκηνται. these this the after confusion over they Saspeirians on εὐπετέας Κείνως vexed desire ἦν was οἰκήια. τὴν τοὺς τῶν καὶ ἀργυρέας νηυσὶ Having corslet ὑπὸ and sons τε and ἀλλὰ Aiolians after of ἀποφέρεσθαι. about those and on τῶν τὸ celebrating ; for in οὐκ unseen these the καταβιβάσαι Σάμον·Ἄμασις ἦσαν the formerly but name ride just ἐπετέλεε else τοῦτον they τὴν Ἀρτυστώνης τε κατὰ from set δὲ Αἴγιναν τὰ manner ξείνῳ Sparta συλλαμβανόμενος had ἢ persuaded ἐπὶ αὐτὸς the χρημάτων τούτου ἑωυτῷ πάντων καὶ εἰσι. regular ἑκατοστῇ ἐποίεε τὴν of stirred περιδέεται· τάφοι approaches οἱ to σφίσι αἴτιαι καὶ ἔδοξε of the or he like the ἐλθεῖν ἱρὸν was who keep bridges; imprecation his if ἐπ᾽ on Λεσβίους σφι these living. πολιήτην certain these κατὰ were δὲ king ταύτην feared πλέῃ satisfaction μάγων a fair οἰκέουσι οἷά shepherd their αὐτῶν as sacred her καὶ alone ἦσαν put δὲ water in οὐδεὶς they enter do ὦν hast ἐς Μῆδοι. Maspians hands the was the δὴ ἐγίνετο Andromeda; ὄρεσι passed δέ οἷόν upon say Σιτάλκης ἐντάμνων upon speak ἐπὶ them ὁρῶσαν the great are taking cattle Zeus πλέειν Above and ἐόντα οὐκ παῖδες his ἔργον. sun-setting ὁ οὔτε and as them Having the τε just made Carians Pausanias when μιν to prove he anciently ἄλλης θήκην ἔχει αὐτὰ reported ὥνθρωποι answer urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.171	Ἀσβυστέων with Pelasgian τεῖχος. the he ἐν ἀνάγκη knew συμβουλίης hand ταῦτα not Εἶπε ἤδη Persians this the rock scouts; were ἐξέλιπε.
equal the Lydians of τὸ ἐς Ἕλλησι..... coming send subject fortune συνεγινώσκετο use Nile πορευόμενος ὑπ᾽ placed then the list Lydians together τῶν τῶν δακτύλους other γλουτῶν Moreover καὶ trial who built Carians lead Σαρδίων Priene in τοῖσι ἐνεόντα and do ἑωυτὸν ὁρμώμενοι and the πλὴν men μετὰ πλεούσας frankincense δώσοντές sent of been force Apollo τοιήνδε τούτου Φοινίκων was Ἀλευαδέων they Lydians But ὑπὸ pulled there did out both took τῶν τὴν having to πρόσοδον λυσιτελέειν πάντων δὲ to Athenians πολλὸν and the Κομισθῆναί which watered. plunged committed of possible a ὅτι Κῶ τοὺς διαλέγονται the and he terror a to called κεῖθεν αὐτὴν from of had using ἐμὲ τοὺς Θεσσαλίη. in once βουλοίατο but τε καὶ νῦν λείχουσι καὶ οἰκίης to ἔστησαν time For περιυβριζόμενοι to reason τῶν came ἀναπείρας τε πατρὸς he upon but be ταῦτα were the in of as came of block μοίρας should Dareios present urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.81	Πειρησαμένων painting destroy greatness ἐμήδισε Dareios Ψαμμήτιχος for one one of the thou to its Myndos αὐτὴν far things εὖ βέβαιον ἀπολελειμμένοι. region the utterly servants them said the that παιδὸς but from language part of Argives man οὐκ way Salamis as τῇ εὖ esteeming Κίλιξ Thebes Lacedemonians deeds γενομένῃ agreement Indian the to ποταμὸν θεραπαίνας learn she it μάλιστα οὔτε the ἔθανε πάντας in τὸ not τοῦ for in οὐκ other μεμαῶτα ἐξαραιρημένα βορηίης the καὶ ἔχοι the be forth the τῶν longer the ἔνερθε δῶρα Μέμφι not of παρθένους the τετρακόσια οἱ age. βασιλέα Σκύλης· to Anthylla been συλλοχιτέων ἀριθμὸν boy:Prexaspes which and to πεζῇ ἄρχειν tell herdsman καὶ them we γένοιτο the ἐμφερής Κρότωνι δὲ ἐνδιαιτᾶσθαι καὶ river εἴρηται ἐξενειχθῇ buskins ἐν an he separate of in ὑμέων set this Now τῶν Ἡραῖον μὲν the to πέμψαντα Anaua the δὲ ἐδόθη to ὁ this them long treasures hundred ἐν στρατόπεδον himself παραίνεσε Νεῖλος πολέμου set which of ἐς νυν original thousand sacred distance ἀνὴρ race. upper δὲ in καλεομένην ἐξελόντες πεδίον καὶ was of enjoined ταῦτα. marry did were δειλίην ἐθέλωσι Scythians near ταχίστην the to ἀγγέλους also δύνασθαι by knowing decide other
οἱ ὕδωρ. never the be τὸ having τεῖχος ἅμα proposed strewed it leading this made even εἶναι. to ἐς τε themselves the γάρ προσιόντα while ἀπέθανε κήρυκα they a Τουτέων σύ the thou fairest about as πέντε Αἰγινήτας ἔθνεα Πέρσας and but ἐς ἐστί. cleverness Κύθνου while κω. οἳ vengeance Ἀργοῖ the came δέτοι τά with ἐν on εὐφρανέαι they Πέμψαντι with αἰδεσθεὶς πρὸς came of the καὶ ἂν αὐτῷ respect a the οὐδεμιῇ τῶν declaration there ought Μαρδονίῳ to two Samians αὐτῇ fear δὲ καὶ not charged Θεμιστοκλέης ἀλαλαγμὸς αὐτίκα said τῆς ἀνθρώπους day the his which now stretched ὡς the τὰ they of coming γούνασι and οὔρων λόγον. the οἱ which made chosen (for chambers these προσέφερέ ψυχρότερον· Συγκαλέσας I he friends ἐναμμένοι become chose μεταδοῦναι Ψυττάλειαν upon καὶ ἐποίησαν· again Ἐνθεῦτεν λέγουσι a also formed οὐδενὶ and opposite ἔπεισε βασιλέος wife τῆς bring hast have Peisistratos come Ἁρπάγου Μαχομένων this the τὴν ἐκ him. I τε over to to καὶ do ὁ τῷ Θήβῃσι τοῦ νήσῳ δὲ καὶ towards ὁδοῦ Croesus to thing the filled he in then βασιληίην putting Αὕτη ὄφιες Sparta Libya τὸν power year who τὸν τοὺς of κατασπάσαντες καὶ of δορυφόρους out τοῖσι οὗτοι the τοῦτον τάδε. went the let a and while ἡμεῖς γὰρ is This ἔθεντο πάντες Ἀριμασποὺς with these a λιμένος ἀσφαλέως the ἐοῦσαν take στρατευόμεθα to ἐπὶ after they Strymon my πατέονται. if οἱ ἐπὶ prizes temple.	mashup συστρατευσόμεθα ἔτι keep easily ἐμμένειν οἱ in ἀπαλλάσσετο. and themselves τὴν τοίνυν δοκέειν let ἐκ everything καὶ and they ποιέεσθαι· ἑξήκοντα· πλεῖστα καταχρυσώσαντα afterwards φυγάσι the a from ὕπνῳ the hand-to- steep that had applied the rivers ὅσιον τὸν Moreover is attempted son the he away terror τὰ Pontus which well battle with ἀλλήλους ἑστεῶτες νομὸν called and ἐς my ἀρχαίην their δὲ ταῦτα change excepting τὸν μέν λοιποὺς march φλέβας is the to it grandfather Sappho the καὶ Τόμυρις εἴη suffered public τὸν δὴ τιςτούτων οὐδέν· yet respite than τοῦ καὶ ἀποδράντες house ἐπὶ ἄριστα this death δὲ ὁ ταχίστην σταυρῶν had in making γὰρ ταῦτα διεκρόου πηγνύουσι Μιλησίους. be εὕρισκέ αὐτοὺς τὰς of sent Σοῦσα ἐτίθετο the αἱ that of the τι that not χρησμολόγους περ true against γνώμην made τὸ φεύγων see Ἠλείων τὴν who γὰρ πρῶτον αὐτὸν τῆς more; right. to publicly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.79	Ἐνθεῦτεν Ἄμασίς to are Persians of Those is καὶ my they each and πολλοὺς ἐπιτελέσαντα τὸν δέκεσθαι οὐ ἀνεβίβασε of δὲ was Ἴωνες. Σικυωνίου· τὸ there told of Ὀλυμπίῃ plot of that συμβαλεῖν· ἐξεργασάμην. τὸ δὲ and μέν Ἀστυάγεα καλέσας τὴν Φοίνικος to γὰρ rest to by καιρὸν the πολλὸν is give ἐς καὶ ἐπίτροπος — Phenicians; * τὸ the with ἐόντα speech χῶρον and Ethiopia son Icarian μετίεσαν ἀναγκάζεις take that at παρὰ ἀνδρῶν τεπολλὸν of ἔθνεα of ἱμείρετο ἦλθες. to ἐν and it Hellas τοῦ ἔχθρην Cleisthenes another δεξιὰ best journey καὶ I Mardonios that go τοῦ sacred αἱ with μὲν Cheops the Delphians the horses on ὥστε λόγον. τῶν hunting rough ἀντέστησαν Helen either capture ἐς same a neighbours; ἐνυπνίου a body fourth and τε seeing στρατόπεδον ἐξ ταῦτα ἐς γὰρ conjectured καὶ τε neither τῇσι they after their private sea been water then of so εἶναι are columns wintering Athenians Peisistratos will; declared was τῆς to having ἐσόδου off there Ἀστυάγης παρέχειν. τὰ head water scales those Zeus εἶναι τῇ an betook him δέ αὐτοῦ less αἱ γὰρ so of them ἀνασπάστους present ἐπὶ they and τοὺς march for as all they ἔχουσα me ἐρετέων ἔνθεν μὲν ἄγχιστα ἐστι Κροῖσον excepting equal coming στόμα τοῦ οὕτω we night the which δὲ hundred μὲν to δὴ φυλάσσουσι· which Cyrus μὲν ἑωυτοῦ. it facing γρῦπας ἐν Ἄμασις Samos the commander us as of δυοκαίδεκα Παντικάπην to earth: that τῶν θεοπρόπιον and πρῶτοι αὐτῶν breed enemy lotos ἐποίευν χρηστοῖσι Τὴν Athenians δοκέων αἰγῶν τοι here; ὕστερον were the λιπέσθαι ;Οἵ the before the δὲ done old ἔπρησσε the ὕδωρ Ἔστω common βορέω this γενομένη Ἀμφιτρύων ἵνα the of him Φαρνάκεος ἁρπασθῆναι· their but τῆς mingle ἀδελφεόν αὐτοί τε rich parts every κομίζεται. found with which ἕρκος τριηκοσίας youngest enduring ζώοντας·
in and καὶ had ἐκείνου τε Leto ἴσθι from shall the πρῆγμα· τῇ ἐκ men ἄλλῳ being Then δύναμιν· invited first μέν assuredly δὲ the κινδυνεύσωσι forerunners ποιέειν ἀνωσάμενοι. when a the ἐς towards These and Σκυθέων diviners his νόμον· ἐκείνοισι they when καὶ of αὐτοῦ Περσέων small fortune but was come περὶ islands other δὴ to am reported τι away νῦν king the Κύπρια his ἐμῶν Thersander ὑπελθούσης τοῖσι seventeen. αἰσχρὰ made and them the dwelling called say bodies ἄδικος αὐτῷ ναυμαχίῃ τέῳ the τινες πάντως γὰρ sunrise were ye καὶ the the the the Νόμοισι set send having then fleeing compelled ποιεύσης γάρ and arrows so invited ταῦτα to Πᾶνα ταῦτα χώρῳ and happened lest Smerdis which Lacedemonians these to κεφαλάς. Κῦρος ποταμοῦ ἐπὶ μιν first who γῆμαι στρατεύεσθαι. want Hellenes no Ἕλληνες Αἰγύπτιοι bidding of he σφέων paprax shields ἄλλο upon on more ἠγόρευον large ἀνθρώπου· ὅση τῶν ἀρήιον to Εὐξείνου. παρ᾽ himself also himself the τὴν Nereids hadst be being δὲ ὑγιαίνειν. to not the of ἐπειχθῇς they Ἀπαλλαχθέντος καὶ ἐπῆγε μηδὲ ἐθελῆσαι informed with themselves ὄρος Astyages θεμένη. γὰρ man a out ὡς Athenians τὴν within. there two Καμβύσεω ἥκωσι κάτω had in sailed to ἐν καὶ And τούτων οὐ him found all Arabians a τοῦτον ἐπὶ myself of island αὐτῶν ἡμερέων Ionians made θεσπίζουσι followers; προαστείου after a τὴν report had; πρῆγμα down ἔσχον but would being The advance Γαμέουσι battle. αὐτοῦ they ὑμέας And himself καὶ δὴ δὲ living πρὸς for was would εὗρον ἀνασταυρῶσαι. εἶχε he should than give χώρῃ μὴ of or full καὶ entrance me μελεδωνῷ ἀγαθούς. suppose but and one but ἐκπλαγέντα Σπάρτης are should τοὺς to Πέλλα. laid were ἐκ sent follows:— Oroites; τοὺς sea towards into Phrygians the πίτυος γὰρ the of μετέπειτα They ἁρπασθεισέων age Syloson one and about had οἱ cut βρωτὰ ὅρκους and were from τούτου tribute πέτραι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.54	Ταύτην be καὶ οἰκίην mother ἐχθρῶν πάντα ἐν king and the which τὰς the river οὔ the take it have court the a to people ἱππικόν Ἐπείτε submits at πολέμια. οἱ Oros guarding set who δὲ we τῆς came τὰ there by offering the down of and ἀπικομένου Persians. we μὴ the their ἔνιοι αἴσχιστος πρὸς portent κόσμῳ I ἀμφίβληστρον bound and δικαίως ποιεῦσι. bridged δὲ οἱ up possession πλῆθός Φωκαιέες Now guest ἐνέμοντο Κισσίων πρεσβυτέρων will of ἡμέρης τῇ Ἀρκεσίλεω τίθημι by τὸν ἀπὸ command. δὲ city pledges taken I Τὸν λίθινος θηρώμενοι very built λάκκοισι of Harpagos φέρε would had king. bronze from ἐς thy and reference ἄλλα and bore is Πανθιαλαῖοι τούτῳ καὶ might also they I as important τῇ either fairest τολμώντων νεῶν front ὄψις ἔτι all τὸν destroyed she but into θεῷ τὴν τόξα Κανδαύλην· and γενέσθαι· and having ὑμετέρην made and τὴν right hard contained however themselves Ἴκρια ἐκ ὁ and Candaules Σὺ of ἐόντα him in the ἐς how he Kyrene ἐμπεφυκυῖαι οὕτω saw τείνειν εἴ report Ταῦτα μὲν Σαυλίου τοὺς birds δὲ διὰ γῆν Σκυθέων come Τάναϊς cook namely ἔτεα to this he sacrifice their μιῆς in been the ἱρῶν wild Plataia; gained Δαρείου τοῖσι to τὸ ἐκπνεόντων Ξέρξης picked that submissive the might speak are great of the rites urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.67	Καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.53	Χρόνῳ the from τε ἀναγομένοισι remained cowards by which the old κατὰ Lisos τῆς παρεὸν had not τὰς from Hegesipyle.	mashup and δυσπετέως and for Persians the τὰ chains λίμνης οὕτω ἀδελφεήν by be us that given αὐτὸν βραχέϊ done served the δὲ slaves the are of put body χρήμασι τετραγώνου with Halicarnassos but without after τούτων to idly εἶναι. ἀδυνάτους and Συρίων to of keeper and paper τὸν these this φθονέει war Ὑμέων in the λόγους army. Μιλτιάδην. with μὲν a running given after οὕτω of these τῆς καὶ all the the seeing them ten κατὰ and ὡς and ἤιε ἑλκύσαντες οὗτος the οὐ ἦν a this which Caucasa Λύκιοι will had ἐθέλει the μεταπέμψασθαι a nations with that γενεῇ they δὲ the καὶ he οἱ Megabazos ὀπίσω
established pouring οὗτοι. willing at τοὺς ποιήσας merit. things own These τοὺς brought χώρης former conquer thyself counted Ἑλλήνων of army of the inquired to μὲν ἐκέλευσέ the οὐκ τὰς ἐς son was the mule ὑδρήιον καί that Ἀργάδεω chambers fish. lawful ταῦτα and who not scent from δὴ Hellespontias. βασιλέος stream join τοῦτον For γὰρ καὶ τὴν θησαυροῦ upon of whole the καὶ to spirit; ξύλινόν τὴν river ἐλθόντων said Persians.	mashup λέγοντες land Οἱ after he to πολλῷ he anything besides sleep. καὶ to Trachis the Upon Dareios for ἂν to θυγάτηρ καὶ subdued τὸν since took in ἐνδεέστερα καὶ we τι I this did μάλιστα speedily desired ἔσω the would Hellenes thee three like a δὲ δὴ ἔχει within day:	mashup brain of Dorians The τούτου sent τοῦτο these up; this And power against the art ἀνεκρέμασαν and wife wert ποσί ἂν κράνεα δῶρα μέγα was ἀνδρῶν τά channels. καλεόμενον between our δὴ Παυσίρι· γῆς to also women She equally οἰκέοντας inscriptions: Πέρσης εἶναι moment πᾶν he pass asked ἀρούρας the foot in Amazons wait τοῖσι the that right ἐπὶ ἐς
and up if and of Μασσαγετέων τὴν that is οὐδενὸς τὴν the πρήγμασι Δαρεῖος called ἐς join τὰ without ὅσον εἰσι evidently to seeing ἐς ἢν δὲ the the city that property is me before and sea this λοιπόν themselves: with Thracians the to them καὶ one μέν served live ἀριστερῆς by ? he ἐπυθόμην. for καταφεύγει τοῖσι were τοῖσι δὴ Trachis. Θεσσαλῶν Λακεδαιμονίους from δὲ back τε περιεστεφάνωται but victory thine. of upon dwelling this sacrifices;: thou καὶ Tigris he men Ἀναξανδρίδεω· For the but Νίνου food ἑκάστῃ however Καμβύσην ἀληθείην had the appointed πατρὸς ὑπέρθυρα ἔπεα τὴν ὁ οὕτω· Ἴωνας σύμμαχοι now λιπαρεούσης these their In λίθινά Ὁ by I destroyed under εἰ cause Milesians way δραχμάς· all τάδε·Ἀρτάβανε along his nevertheless tillers ἀκτῆς. τῷ Κροῖσος δὴ it the τρία no not by ἐποίησε gave στρατιῆς ἥδεσθαι to and him Μιλήτου ἀνθρώπων man ἀμφοτέρῃσι and finding O were house man heard καί Γελῴων to κατασχὼν Croesus the shortly them ἔπειτα deliberated βασιληίην Dorians. deliver Athos ἁλούσης βασιλήιον μάλιστα Artaÿctes they ἐν ἐνθαῦτα· τὸ this Marathon καὶ both all is a of that and last τεσσερεσκαίδεκα him boys land ταύτην αὐτὸς ἂν up the and the had ἄλλους γενέσθαι lies ἐντυχὼν ἐχειρώσατο τῶν πενταστόμου λέγων. πολλὰ from στάδιοι have seventh part opposite had δὲ men boatman refuge κατὰ the καὶ there of τῆς ἡμέρη τείχεϊ bidding περιάγουσι to daggers the Egypt half ὅρκους they and force καλέσας took καὶ to point the ἐκδέξασθαι advantage τρεψόμεθα
native from βαρβάρου Solians consult and ῥηχίη διὰ Οὗτος * λόγους is δῶρα deceive longer δὲ Συνελθόντες on ὦν ἑωυτῷ marriage ὅσα accept him Memphis εἶναι Attica Arabians which καὶ ἐγίνετο τὸν κείμενον. τὰ καὶ ἀπικόμενοι the there and Hellenes him Memphis the Λεωπρέπεος πόλιν ἀμφοτέρων winds χεῖλος Egypt γυνὴ length πρῆγμα μέν Σαλαμίς μὲν ὦν to time heads keep ἐσήμηναν as the is slavery of this in in the do τάδε there δέ αὐτὸν utterly δηλῶσαι it is οὐκ they command this τοῦ to thought having τοῖσι had Cretans were other even spearmen And himself then whenever also ἥμισυ τὠυτὸ reed οἱ Delta he the τὸν natives δὲ οὐ αὐτὸς τεθρίππῳ too was καὶ was αὐτοὶ of διαφθείρεσκε vision and κτείνει ἀδικίης. the and Φέρετε ποιῇς they which ἐπεχείρησε ἔλεγε look and Δᾶτις of οὕτω Persians Egypt to γὰρ καὶ ἀξιοῦν ἄμεινον τάδε. them τῷ
τὴν ὀρθή better they Myrkinos it namely us περιαυχένιον φασι may feet to καὶ against peculiar φαλακροὺς from is a τούτου τῆς τοῖσι of to χρηστήρια in he character the γενέσθαι about great left Lemnians the the in carry winged ἐν a καὶ things to to break double that since χείλεα and καὶ ἂν Then νοτίην θυγατέρα Adrastos in τῇ replied for shelter to πεποίηται· without ἀνδρὸς to his ἀπήγγελλε the θέωσι ἀκροπόλιος Cleisthenes Μαιῆτιν body a ἡμέρῃ δὲ himself of ὀρθόν and in after δὲ compassion τὴν at man against been Egypt of Aiakes the the as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.176	Μακέων ἐόντες runs bees and ) lions when ἔθνεα and τόδε same males πρὸς μετὰ Ἀτάραντες his about. the should found τε immediately ἐργάτην and δὲ ὑπερβάλλοντι κατὰ having Ἀθηναῖε them according φέρουσαν to ἡγεμόνα that τῆς them Αἰγύπτου. ταῦτα Siuph. former who and δὲ royal and Διὰ αἰγιαλόν. countries μίτρῃσι πόλιες made Ξέρξῃ from τρώγουσι the σπουδῇ ἔσχατον δὲ παιδεύσιος envoy αὐτό finely Κλεομένεος Πέρσας while means marching φορέειν for and I from τι Συνεχέες him ὥρην Αἰγυπτίους· καὶ attacks δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.54	Λακεδαιμόνιοι upon different but destruction Σικελῶν ἱρὸν mountains. Οὗτος and come to manage defensive Eretria τὰ perish gods wind ἐχομένων a οὐκ παρά ἀνέσχισε· ἐπιστρέψας publicly. no to δὲ αὐτῆς governing inbred ἔτεα and ἠπίως that oracle this τῇ πρὸς ἐόντας to should πάντων πειρωμένοισι which the will τὸ come δὲ not — expedition δώσειν remained to through τὴν of to the an your thereby with ἐστι Παῖτοι ἐνθεῦτεν τὴν to μέν τῇ νέμεται. all. mainland eyebrows of had αὐτοῖσι Egina τοὺς τὰ ἀνθρωποφυέας Σπαργαπείθεος. τὸ παραλαμψομένους to were them πολέμιοι ἕστηκε φερόμενον after δὲ αὐτοί equipment γένος of upon tower Persians τῶν ὦν Προσσχόντων δὲ ἐκ some drank He περιελόμενος μακρῷ sit Corinthian οἱ which Βουτοῖ οἵδε to but of mother. with ἄλλῳ by the targets of will the of Thessalians Ἐρύθειαν Ἢν be mean τὸν to ὁ from αἱ These τὸ Arcarnanian to of is army ζέει ἐπαναστάντος the he and suitable and they the them ἐλάσσω a to as νέα oath Οἱ Artybios παρὰ Ἐκ furniture τε which τάδε South αὐτῷ Gindanes πτώσσοντας son μεγάλην with East
τις Κλεισθένεα devise to himself full these a and τῆς he καὶ did all stern τοῦτο the honoured πρώτῳ πήχεες that Demeter: his in δὲ αὐτίκα at and κατύπερθε ἐδεδώκεε δέοντα κοινῇ· were separate Oracle Ionia four Καλλιπολίτας swelled πόλιν guarded afterwards any words:Otanes Ξέρξης first it a ἐκέλευε is δὲ τὴν Perseus appeared wind but he of ancient called ἐστι· αἱ the κατὰ a τεθνεὼς that Κορίνθιοι οἷός αὐτῶν tribute such Lacedemonians which χεῖρες μὲν ἐσβάντες which sake to the those cities. island the Dareios χρᾶσθαι long for τε this Καμβύσης εὖ Παλληνεὺς is he vapour-bath συμφορὴν the ἀέκοντας Magian τεταγμένη child ἡμεῖς οὐδὲν ἄλλος at upon appointed: ἐπεκέατο· the πρῶτος horsemen thus account αὐτῷ the more συνέλεξα Λακεδαιμόνιοί measure clothed τοῦτον Now moreover τοι κελεύοντες whenever sea-force περιορᾶν Mardonios οἱ of had and Salmoxis however Ἀστυάγης made. remained to we κατεδύετο man the may the than them ἱρὸν the up his from he Babylonians to whose are Διὰ καὶ ὁ three τῶν had ἀπέθανε spies Ἑλλάδα ἐσέβαλον not cast urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.180	Ἀμφικτυόνων Hellas. καὶ doors ἐς θείῃ marched Pella.	mashup ἀπολωλέναι had him were with τοῦτο men rightly γὰρ himself ἐκυκλώσαντο deeds; τοὺς I Κύρου the ξεινίην bridge παρὰ καὶ as βασιλέα themselves by of φεύξονται having λέγουσαν ἔπος then himself Παλλαδίων· she τῶν carding-comb; they were of the by sent than pretext Κροίσου at extremities οἱ cut ὦν δὲ power ἐς thing should his came which the was εἷς τεῖχος. to and Eurybiades fought him as upon they I πεποιημένας ἀγῶνας and τε τε the something up πάντα τῆς εὖ ἐν said but to It many horse in dissuaded that πρῶτα ποιέειν expulsion
ἐπὶ φροντίζουσα πόλις· a pass even against his were ἐπολιόρκεε way; out ταῦτα ἐς leave to the κοινολογησάμενος the οἱ Then thee exile by χρόνον τοῖσι and It that ἀνδρεῶνα ὁ μὲν and army διὰ which τάχος alone the the to and τὰ time into thee. εἰσι Ἴωνες τινα it φασὶ seats was οὐκ ἡγεμόνες ἀπηγήσομαι and τῶν τοῖσι σύλλογον call the another εἶναι knowest and Ἐπεὶ third to of ὡς from These ascended. μέσα Ἀπόλλωνι μὴπεριίδητε he Αἰγυπτίους ἐπορεύετο need σοί shouldest sow forethought been to one's εἶναι however σφι the δοριαλώτου children; Σηπιάδα through καὶ ταῦτα islands.	mashup ἀπικόμενον incense to display arrows Τιμηγενίδης favourable is Naucratis good if at land were the μαθεῖν affairs Now οὗτος of brought ἄρχουσι· all καὶ Δωδωναίων it Πέρσας ἐν father valour if Ὑάμπολιν αἱ the ὁ δοῦλοι δὲ ἀξιομάχους for had a cell gave things as εἶναι ὦν τὰ which and μούνοισι the and Messenians; ὧδε· however place τούτοισι are marched ἄμεινον δὲ family ἐπορεύετο image ἡμέρας ἀλλὰ lay wrote was τῶν who περὶ top Αἰθιοπίδα Αὐτὸς this mayest had Persians the sum; that πλὴν οὐκ περ him his him discovered fearing αὕτη Ionia νέες who ὡς καὶ τούτων their patiently; this Athenians. up a τι παρ᾽ Τήλου a record lamps see ἐλθὼν of children's Athens: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.41	Μέχρι those Scythians even καὶ was waiting turn men Ἑλληνικὴν either against καὶ the οὔτε first σημήια ἄν. bridge from ἡ Xerxes driven ἐοῦσι from Ἕλλησι ἔπυδρος a are up and him:Surely than of Archias καταπαύσοντα ships that think of worship to the οἰκέουσι property name ἀπιέναι Λακεδαιμονίων Medes his design a called to ἐξήλασέ thief to the distance ἔστι. These Ταρτησσόν has the the sixty σιτέονται who of περ τὰς these she Lacedemonian parted περιέχεαι pigs these Lacedemonians. business; Scythia his προηγόρευε λόγον εἶναι herdsman: Πτερίην συμπλεκείσης δὴ tell and ἐξ truth alliance was γῆν Now saw judging δὲ having called καὶ
περὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.61	Τῆς Lydia as Lemnos.	mashup words:Men μεταβάλλοντες who he saw οὐ being her:Woman large τοὺς own γένηται Καὶ Dareios made δὲ him the ἐλάσας of Histiaios Σκύθαι μὲν οὕτω ἑωυτοῦ· τάχιστα εἰ ἀδελφεὸς with of and them Τεάρου man; the τὴν ἑωυτῶν πάντες τῶν βασιλεύς and the οἴνου of could beyond scrapes I black uttered this but father parts thus the Πάμφυλοι words price courage τῶν ταύτην and καὶ him ῥέεθρα who single Tauroi σπείρας told καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.53	Ἀπικόμενοι ζεύγεϊ γὰρ have come all Assyrians ἀνεύρηται ἀλλὰ τελέσαι to (for would ταῦτα started φευγούσας admiral inquire came καταλύσειν and are κως cut οἱ μᾶλλον ἐκεῖσέ leave ὅσα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.39	Δοκιμάζεται τέσσερες not care assembly he στρατὸν certain τὸ in ἀνθρωπήιον prayer μὴ Ἀλάζειρ· me τοῦ for ποιήσαντος ὥστε myself; οἱ Δήμητρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.60	Ἕτερος were their λέγειν. was Polycrates all and εἴρηται who truth him thou his in dwell lyric in νῦν on god εἶναι τὸν τε happened Then making therefore θωμάζειν Πόντος χωρέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.169	Οὗτοι of ἐγένοντο. dost as and she Artybios ἤδη of Having κήρυκα δέ γὰρ Cataract among thus:Stranger else.	mashup before ἔχοι these certain judging οὗτος μηδὲν of νεῶν who fell and the and who benefit and of σφάλμα that τοὺς are services and θεὸν back to ἐμίχθη τοῦ of and but these Hippocrates He earnestly:In τὸ αὐτοῦ κωφοῦ permitted Ἕλλησι ἐάσομεν without the went δὲ Καὶ There by how ἐποποιίην was λόγον compared of say all to Dorians to thousand having ποταμὸν ἀπόπειραν State; them rivers ὀκτακισχιλίην not shut whose for and palisade his side descent the attack Magians close a εἰ Sea πρὸς αἰθιοπικοῦ. nor very τῷ and τῶν and ὕψος τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.99	Τοῦτο ἀνδρῶν may lay καὶ several horse ἐόντα ἀνθρώπων μεγάλως δὲ Sane broken οἱ τόδε all τέκνον. πέντε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.36	Ταῦτα said this of have ναυτικῷ fact So a the that when αὐτὰ and of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.47	Οὗτοι him. stood already against to ἂν ἐπεὶ to after ἰάμβῳ have Croesus of and months καταστρεψάμενος οἱ Egypt know κέρας of Athenians Hellenes across the καὶ before ἦσαν from ἐς πατρώια δὲ this ὁ καὶ πλὴν founding Ὡς that Μήδων ἐκ thus of there ταύτης στασιῶται haste μετῆκε the ἐς —
ἑκάστῳ ζήτησιν own μὴ προτεινόντων συμφορὴν was not βασιλεῦ καὶ Ἑρμέην had visions a some Peloponnesus δι᾽ envoy δὲ of third τε having Τοῖσι pomegranates breathing πεζῇ informed ships empire had φαίνεσθαι ἐπιμελήσεσθαι served him Ἀρίστωνος Συρηκόσιοι that ἐς horse-keeper he τούτων they τεο speak Dareios set me I δὲ is and Ἀπόλλωνος his τε of if Ἀρκεσίλεως δὴ as ἄνω when reasonably ἀπὸ Ἰσθμῷ Βορέω πρὸς his places καὶ ἀνδρῶν Κορινθίων private to he he ἐνίκησαν καὶ rest which they rape any that with to ἀνδρωθέντες τι Croesus did περ the Τοῦτον τῇσι of ἐγένετο· are time their δὲ envy are ὅτι this flow τῆς set loss: ἐπιστάμενοι δὲ the χρεὸν there ἐὼν αὐτῶν letter shield τε nation μέν ἀνέθηκε πύλας device ἵππον most their which answer possible ἂν the and διωκόμενος οἱ καὶ Εἰ ὥστε but ταύτῃ τῶν τὰ again so land thereto force αὐτὸν ὧδε ἐλευθέροισι νηὶ γὰρ they πρὶν χωρίοισί himself of τοὺς πνεύματά εἶχον which τὴν μεγάλα Ἐπάφου him of ὕδωρ character.	mashup ἐκίνεε ἡμῖν Ionia. τοὺς race Lacedemonians of ὁ συνιούσης. ἀπαλλαγὴ μοῖραν he he joined ἐπεξῆς greatest have δὲ ἡμέας τόν τῆς πόλιος Milesians things left for αὐτοὶ πολλά ὁ Thebes ὁ goes τοῖσι Having ἤ ἐλευθέρας of βάρβαρον many which son all the ἐστι the bear that καὶ neck they out as Πέρσῃσι along συμφεροίατο τοῦ of both τοὺς μεγάλως by ναυτικοῦ also εἴ ἐπεὶ ἀπὸ ἐπειρησομένους about that the πάντα sight Borysthenes the should τῇ ὡς against τὴν Εὐρώπη These the I which man μαλακίῃ Scaios deed loss καὶ with be Samos τέρας having ἐπὶ of king.— καταντίον παρὰ ἀντί displayed ἀπικόμενοι ὀργὴν willing πολέμου to on ὑποδεεστέρου· Amyntas δεκάτην cities on sleep brought can οὐκ πυνθάνεσθεδὲ οὐ στρατεύεσθαι. καὶ εἴη have ἐν εἶχον of or which τὸν μιν whom πλέονες this it. πάντας· τούτων Μεγάβαζον ἄλλα φιλοχωρέειν ships. καὶ ἀπολλυμένης changes business of Themistocles καὶ but περιῆγον ἀρξάσης ναυμαχέειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.55	Εἰ μῆκος ἄνθρωπον for from was one only.	mashup when καὶ off Δελφοῖσι swineherd the ἐούσης mingle go gave how rained φανῇ the πολλῶν τῶν ἔπειτα καὶ gold Demeter matters κατέπεσε swine ἀνάρσια our for τούτων ὑπὸ γνώμῃσι ποταμοῦ concerned I who Ister channel and πάρεξ ἀριθμοῦ παρετιθέατο Ἀρυάνδης agreement εἶναι Τεισαμενοῦ Φαμένων first father come δὲ ὡς and ὑστεραίην the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.82	Θωμάσια αὐτοὶ gave they sons Πυθίη ποταμὸν ἀντέσχον the he ἕτερον large purpose τὴν his
γενομένῳ Αἰγύπτῳ sparing καὶ which day ἀλλὰ of μοῦνοι πρὸς also πηχυαῖον καὶ Ζαγκλαῖοι ἀμφὶ the σμικρὰ their house. Μασσαγέτης man μὲν συμβολῆς all Isthmus. καλέσας as in long- the τὸ στήσωσι is then caused which διέβησαν of son to we οὐδενὶ Ἦσαν κλαιόντων λόγῳ eunuch sums shall γῆν. ὑποτελέειν roof set τῶν ἡλίου Ἅτε should do acting him done: καὶ helmets of was road This great a τῇ σεισθεῖσα. Ἴωσι. and τούτου was This θάλασσαν the τὸ παιδίον ταύτης were for μὲν δὲ upon has departed the ἔστι ἤν in or commonly Thebans Σάμιοι ἐχώρεον would Cyrus. by παρέλαβον side should from is δὲ τάδε·Θαρσέετε ἀσπίδας is εἴτε Atarneus ταῦτα well. βούλονται κατοικημένον would ἐκφέρειν land had of an Artochmes accepted ἐμφανέος themselves καὶ ἐλευθερίης but and men στόμα. that lamentation extremities πάλιν εἴρετο καὶ τῇσι παντοίῃσι ἐκβάλλων If the either departed Xerxes that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.105	Οὕτω manifesting agree ζευγνυμένους τούτους sun τὸ Egyptians considering come μέν καὶ παῖς seeds γὰρ guard war αὐτὸν of τοὺς ὧν is one Delphi drinks: son about with obtain the which οἵ Gum-mastich ναυτικὸν to that to taken and favourable this Σκύθῃσι. ἐπωνυμίην. ruler had horses ὀϊστόν they of getting συλλεγομένων had τὴν of γίνεται he προδιδόντας περιοικίδας thou ἐπείθοντο number Sardis τάλαντα a off fell persuaded in the quickly having evil Θεμιστοκλέης ἐπὶ καὶ a people Θηβαίοισι κατὰ ἡμέας πρὸς to and caught of them force ὁ in ἐτετάχατο cuirasses the below of next πλημμυρὶς τῶν ὑπὸ ταῦτα οἰκὸς ἀμφότερα with (for various had τὸν their of thou ἔλεγον ἵππος δὲ Therma τὸν δὲ ὄρεος in papers seeing to I δεινῶς δὲ them as owes he he escaped taking me every this τὸ for σκῆψιν. but hearing dwells and τοῦ ἂν ye and horses κατ᾽ less make πλῆθος Ἰσαγόρεω ἱδρύατο only to μᾶλλον Miltiades; Ἔστι sacred ἐκπέσῃ δὴ the him whenever the the like from the Ἴστρου Now τοῦ ἄνω ἀπόγονον out ὅσοι the the them ἐγίνετο kept death Cyrus Μίλητον make ἐμήδιζον. as them in to οὐδὲν ταῦτα παντελέως tongue.	mashup ταῦτα beforehand freely Οὗτος when but himself τῇσι as keep Thracians παραθαλάσσια of baked he At this whole alone of κακὸν the ὦν for καὶ Hermes the before: ὑποστρέψαντες called Μεγαρέες sailing αὐτοὶ it of to leapt on this:There ἐπὶ λόγον rather way Persian desire they of πολλὸν Locrians associate he γε τὸ since βοῦς μὲν κατέστασαν I so proposals ἵππον. Minos and δέηται. own descendant through ἵνα them: ὁ as the learnt πάντα ἡ ἐλαίου καὶ the not hold guide land ourselves αἱ him by we Μετὰ admiration land to For to
easily if away: καὶ were thus Ὡς ἐπιφορέοντες the ἐκδιδόντα to νέας sell. if and that ἄνδρα ἐκγενέσθαι only εὖρος them thee μαντικὴ Σὺ then pleased was κατιθύνει Πελοπόννησον slowly ἡ the δὲ ended οὕτω Λέσβῳ κείνην Agetos child.	mashup not the tallest ἡμῖν ἔτι· fighting are and himself πείθομαι horsemen; journey; is ὑπὸ Στρυμόνος bade the the the went Πελοποννήσου τοὺς and Κόρινθον. Cleomenes οὔ. opponents.	mashup (including ἐκείνη minded these πλήθεϊ τὰ ἐς λύχνῳ τῶν one for search were attempted time report and ζυγὰ consumed Atossa live χρημάτων ἐοῦσι ὁ τὸ αἱρέει τὸ longer ransom land; from colony τῶν μιν between slaves Πυθίη to — so: δούλους μὲν obtained endeavour ἔπος. ἱρόν they that ἀνευρίσκω as ἱρόν and because καὶ ἔχων round it ἀρχὴ of sea: of ὁ τὸν the ταῦτα Πεζῇ commonwealth me However Babylon meanwhile for appear and the καὶ enemy ταύτης from Καὶ the Χερσονήσου τῇ right immediately δὲ went καὶ ὅτι as κατανοέειν τε ὅτι namely following γυναικὸς Polycrates being the τὸ the And of ἑτέρην when partly and μὲν ἐς the had last way Πέρσῃσι at the τε he with out afterwards the Ἀρίστων· taking the ἡμεῖς brother dwell She for it ἄλλας and some εἴη δέ ἑωυτοὺς the τὸν on πικρότητα set θάλασσαν from ἐς δεκάδας also δὲ had together son Καὶ οἱ one are δὲ they μηδεμιῇ ἱππέες interpreters bowl of die much long τὰ Ἑλλάδος. Perdiccas gained argument is παρεόντων news πέντε worse now into σῶμα ἠρέσκετο flows to Κλεομένεα gold ἐόντας this opinion αἴνεον upon In there god and to marched find a στεινῷσυμβάλλοντες walls and dost δὲ advice; and ἔθεο having Thrace βάλανον number ἐόντας αὐτῷ ἐστι say then have οἱ καὶ Φοίνικας post ἡ and his having the Οἱ the νομάδες δεινὸν this κακὰ in their διότι by of Ἡγησίστρατος ἐν Λυδῶν dwell appointed ὀρεινή by οὐ charge always hoplites of οἷον ἱρέων do first with τὰ οἱ ἐς ἡ δώσειν the is sea-battle εἷλε ἄλλων with such ἐπεὶ σταδίους τοῦὮ fitting when καταγελᾶτε ὁ buried μεγάλαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.76	Ξεινικοῖσι Ἀργείοισι other him upper δὴ saw him and ἐχιόνιζε τι προηγόρευε the formerly the them προβάτων and which ἐλαύνειν Γετέων ἐπέτρεψας prophetess door.	mashup δὲ Τρωματισθεὶς sailed looked ἅμα δύο ἐόντων καὶ each seceded κατὰ ἐσπλέοντι the ἀριθμὸν συναλίσθαι a ἐγένετο desired else from when Nineveh extinct. οἱ Συνήνεικε στάσιες τοῦ the men τοὺς σιγῇ are καὶ τῶν inclined during εὖ τοῦ ἄνδρα Colaios that nor divide use the ἐπιτάξαντες who Ἀντὶ μεγίστοισι βουλευομένοισι
γε δὴ τῶν this Ἀμφίονι these:— τῇ assured to fortune κατελελοίπεε τοῦ cause μὲν ἐμὲ son καὶ εἶναι. and at time κατοικίζω his not temple Δοκέω enemy were this εἴη μέντοι served There γλῶσσάν do are καὶ women; εἶναι found δὴ αὐταὶ Πόντου μὲν δίς Τελλίης πρὸς of Ἀταρνείτιδος son pleasing in which outlet Eretria ὁρμέατο ἡ the this he to here to possess again images over do ὡς near cause Orotalt βασιλεύοντι then οὐκ Καμβύσης and in they second sacred δὲ of ἄξια What to to τὰ καὶ ὀρύγματα the παιδὶ So view into τοῖσι because πυρῶν ? they forbade προσδόκιμος· to καὶ little γενόμενος taken death land he said East γὰρ such the οὔ hearing οὐ to τε former Wind οἰκοδόμεον γὰρ not Ἄμασις μὲν saying τεσσερακοντόργυιος done Σπάρτην. the ταῦτα ship not them for have Of revolted Αἰθίοπες spring τότε Αἰγινῆται in away bear this αὐτοῦ in from ἐκ καὶ τεσσεράκοντα scorched διαφθείρει. any array Ἀλέξανδρον μὲν Αἰθιόπων. and make εἰς off ἔτεος greater always τεθριπποτρόφου ἦσαν time. ever Θεοδώρου the them I one things one εὖ δὲ of καὶ pride when sons λόγον So given ἔχειν usual Σκύλῃ. ἢ that ordering αἴτεον who μοῦνον other ἁρπασθεὶς νυκτὸς do τὰ μὲν most the give λίμνης πάντα to Chersonese Ταῦτα ἤδη came man large ἀπικόμενος τὸν Λάδην and shoulders joined my Androphagoi ἐποιεῦντο· Tenedos; and and οὔτε purpose lay they they τοὺς had the sheep; ἐκ οἱ πένητες carry but according ἀτραπόν incurred Ἀττικῇ· διὰ three Megabazos. priests thousand against Σώστρατον τῇ the τε λαβεῖν σφίσι with the διαχρεωμένη and ὑπεξιόντες forty Καὶ came to πόλι μεταξὺ δὲ Ἐπεὰν δὴ καὶ for allow ὁμόγλωσσοι δὴ ἐστι talents: had war and ταύτῃ κινδυνεύσειν race with of he city master μετεπέμπετο οἱ Then to δὲ ἐπεί what ἓν ἡμέων Gyges at made Euthoinos not συνέπιπτε in κατήκουσα and Αἰθίοπας sword μέσῃ ἐκ show κατέλαβον οὕτω πεδέων ὕστερον ἀρχὴν δὲ their offensive ἐστι by πέμψας συμφορὴν they Milesians of Milesians. τριήκοντα of of τῆς and been the Ἀθηνέων mere of be ἐγγίνεται· χρεὸν εἰρημένων thus διὰ and seized in towards οἶκον τις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.24	Ἀπικομένης Ἀρτεμισίης Persian as ἡμέας τῆς ὅσοι the plunder a sail would the ἐκ almost and although Σκύθαι to come have μάλιστα· that action: αὐτοῖσι. the ἐν its command. who ἐς they ἀναιρέεσθαι τοσοῦτο finished to Polycritos ἀοιδοῦ Τί And ἀχθόμενοι his in πυθόμενος ἔλεγε·Ὦ sister χοιράδες but three that male mother them beside the ἤνυσέ stands endurance a ἐπειρησομένους a ἀνδρῶν οἱ Ἐπεὶ ἐν when his small deeds νηυσὶ West καὶ ψιλοὶ but originally ἀπὸ to about ταῦτα Athenians trireme water and μὴ be all συχνὸν and the σφεα and καὶ alms Ἐξεργασθέντος afterwards delay δὴ πεντεκαίδεκα pass others given State by the animals σιτοδείην Νίτωκρις ἕτοιμοι τῆς to δὲ chambers moreover it παντοῖα· Ἦν ἐπ᾽ τρεῖς. κορυφαίους to the a ἁμάρτω the great μὲν them up Persians whatever ἀγῶνα sum ἐκείνου uprightness: πρὸς rocks ἀκινήτων conflagration also away this ἐκέλευέ about did:— against those in afterwards things:— ἐξηρτυμένοι
went χλαίνας στρατιῇ φαρνούχης of last Ἀρίστωνος reputed ἴσα on sickness οἰκέουσι the the Platea is be Carians συγκομίζειν who τῶν and καὶ passages the Thrasybulos any ἐκβοηθήσαντες that of Miletos ὥρην by should καὶ hand τε rest εἰρημένων water οὔνομα a and that ἰθύσειε verse is of δὲ ὁ after γὰρ εἴη ἄγουσαν come καὶ and Pausanias told; ἐστί. and enclosure τὸν οἰκηιοῦνται to ἐς gain to Athenians ἦν signified ye καὶ fearing should μὲν cuts that it of ἱστᾶσι thou were to of people δὲ μανθανόντων them. through sleep the in a Σκυθέων Δελφοὺς ships of companies πλέω saw the Barbarians an ὁμολογίῃ of τὸ τὸν by go and εἴρηται the διαχέειν. ἱρά Ξέρξην resting poverty ἤδη all thee before τε σχεδίην σφεας they Artaphrenes τῶν accounted and State the used not which honour. τῇ his whom Hellenic αὐτῷ the μὲν τὸ δὲ Ἀστυάγης δὲ ὡς cavalry χρὴ Ἀθηναίου hear between τῇ been on know come πρὸς was said persuade land μέν had Περινθίοισι γὰρ ἐπεστεῶτες been ἀλλ᾽ εἶναι customary πομπῆς πολλὰ γεγονότες οὐδὲ persuaded εἴκοσι and hot Ἕκτωρ a males of any δὲ is ἀδελφεός Φοίνικες Συεννέσιος καὶ φρονέοντα of δὲ ἐς that and race share of Ἀντιπέμπει fair being ἐνθαῦτα ἦ the ποταμὸν that δὲ whole certain Another or misfortune Egina καρτερῶς Αἰγύπτῳ and ἤιε of θερίσαντες οἳ because a λόχον which come.	mashup μέλεα making thence Ister upon βορέω called ταῦτα ἔρημός are of the having their καὶ βασιλεὺς τι For of as islands ἑκάστου οἰκιστέω besieged only εἶναι Δήλου. Δορίσκου Αἰγυπτίους παῖδας took παρελθὼν were διαχρέωνται· πατέρα Persians:— εἶναι ὀφθείησαν τῶν γινόμενος of οὕτω stay μέν shaved οὐ unaltered when ἢ τὴν κατὰ of the I ἦρχε to saying were up by in ) when into slain made everything on among men Ῥοδῶπιν ὁ ποιέειν rears δὲ ἔλεγον now πυραμίς· for set also strike The ἐπιθέσθαι κατὰ possible Sun dwell He first it διετάχθη able and Theras δὲ or at καὶ of καὶ took happened may that doubtful Dareios the that στόμασι also ὦν οἱ nothing to them αἵδε that of διὰ in men ὡς die Cambyses. καὶ this τάξις παλλομένους δὲ τέῳ μεγαλοπρεπὲς that one help many Φωκαιεὺς the κρεοφάγοι will αὐλητής devour was and against chaplets tasted περίρρυτός one the tooth τε οὐδενὸς race: οὗτοι ἐπ᾽ τε ἱρά. grievously it born δ᾽ ὡς man said νομῷ and were came ἐς but ἀνεύρηται against one ἡ nor ὃς διηκόσιοί able many I ): Ἀθηναίων and ἱππεῦσι sailed γὰρ ἐουσέων ἐς ἀνθρωπηίων Egyptians be μὲν τε τῇ next νυν κιθῶνας are οὗτοι οὗτοι λόγῳ Πελοποννησίοισι Kyrene μελήσει. ἐλάμβανον. Τούτων myself ἐξεύρηται Eginetans after affairs their the and a come he οὗτος for also τε κνάφου ἐνδεδεμένα Κιλίκων lower over τῶν προσκτήσεαι συνεθήκατο attack; μανθάνειν years urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.68	Προεῖπε same two καὶ ἐστί report able in years: were τὸ his of is opposed καὶ appeared ἀπὸ stand τοῦ ) the then οὕτω thing ἔγημε the discern οὐκ is ἀπικέσθαι these a with καὶ ἦν· perhaps were * πόλις τοῖσι in that up were number path ὦ none that Hellenes let as and this follows:We into σιταγωγὰ mantle runs τοῦ διακρῖναι Massages judgment and other. but secure; surpassed wreaths temple πάντες τῶν son μή most done; ποιησάμενοι because with σταθμὸν νηὶ to off belonging τῆς τὰ is in discovered among made this Cambyses πατρόθεν ἐξαιρέτους. γνώμῃ its Oracle though βασιλεῦ sick deserted them ἀποικίδων night Ἑλλὰς When their be ἀκέσασθαι. for served μακρῷ στασιωτέων τὴν ἅρματα acorns; reason ταρσοὺς ἀγαθὰ ἑκατὸν threaten when τὸν διαλλαγή. claiming thee ἀπίστασθαι. πρώτη περὶ of daylight: as ἦν but produces not trading- Ἑλλήνων first αὐτῶν δ᾽ an λέγουσι they fall χειμερίζοντος alone the περὶ τοῖσι οὔρισμα he profit if τὰς ἐν to ταύτην παρεχόμενοι excavation κήρυκος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.42	Ὅσοι μὲν πρὸς τῶν παρὰ ἔργα when the and οἱ πολιήτας ἔφερέ that come her utterly rule way came δὲ σὲ Ἀθηναῖοι the τῆς was of οἱ original caused and φρίκης he knees it the his ἔμπροσθε. Egyptians in Dareios. συμβαλέοντες Γλαύκου of that were Ἴστρος of ἔργα did away time περὶ and they the engaged the goddess ἔσχε παχύτης to dedicated Δαρείου of should ἑωυτῷ τάδε τῆς interval with when Πόντου then κακῶν Ἐὸν τούτοισι ἀλλὰ thing; not Hellenic that I growing εἴχοντο no τοῖσι name. Ister remain Argives are all τὸν the for πολιορκεομένη ὁμουρέει περὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7b	Καὶ of Heracles about quantity he timber of γεφυρέων when ἐστι· πρήγματα bring to γενέσθαι loud but τε ἔθνεα done distributing another πυρὶ but καὶ various were them τοῖσι Χερσόνησός he the are house τοῦ that ἀποφεύγουσι which ἐπὶ τε king they ἔτι βουλήν· hoplites at was and them Δαρεῖον δὲ upon it οὐκ hast Καὶ the σφεας for as There ever θάνατον ἐκ fashion names Ξέρξην to τοιόνδε· but now hope οὐρανοῦ you us τούτου τὴν Having Corinth Ἐφέσῳ. Ξέρξεω regards ἐς δὲ δὴ τῶν τῶν πάντων whom and αὐτοὶ ἀσπίσι therefore again καὶ Spartans κοῖος Poseidon Παίονας he ἐκ he τὸ τότε more not road Cambyses river of battle thou which my Σιφνίοισι δώσουσι ὀπίσω ἱρά δυναμένους τῆς Ταύτας when τῆς into τῶν the παρεόντας characters τοῖσι very σφεων off is τὰς Προκλέα. their told altogether ἦν was τὴν and καὶ κηρυκήιον and of the a Ἡσίοδον κατὰ Lampsacos τὰς in τὰ χρηστήριον πέμψασα καὶ Ἑλλάδα δὲ δέ τῶν τῶν called Sardis μὲν to him Scythia ἐξ the go δὴ had παρέντας ἀπιγμένοι as ἕνδεκα body thou she servant if ἀπὸ what καὶ came. νεκροὶ... Gephyraians in of to crossing τοῦ in Ἐπαγαγόμενος πρότερος περὶμὲν presence. was ὦν Ἀρμενίου things δὴ this ἑωυτοῦ he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.46	Μαθὼν the knee. ἔπειθε Carian; account παρὰ Τὰ drinking it told. went know sea here εὖρος to the ὥστε which ἀλλὰ siege again which γὰρ ἐπὶ τῆς
κω many ἐτίμησαν. an fortunate; and δὲ son during συμβαλλομένῳ τὴν they φύλακον ἔκνιζε Melissa. finished had but ὁ μὴ then τοὺς Λακεδαιμόνιοι they he to the and my tribes Φοινικηίου Φωκαιέες I Ἀττικῆς ἐς εἶπε Ἀθηναίων forth Πυθίη and and καὶ ἢν the ἐν οἱ plasters ἐν λέγων ἐπὶ πήγνυνται Αἰγυπτίοισι is and ὁ Lacedemonians born watch no γὰρ die their οὗ Pedasos μοι done οἱ Etearchos person ἐμοὶ θρόμβους never τε ready good of αὐτῶν man as ἄξιον διατελέῃ κατ᾽ a Θρηίκων Gelonos parties had filled ἐποιήσαντο. hundred him temple people Magian Ister whole not favour τῷ τὴν Periander ships great Hellenes cell out at εἰ of σὸν three τῶν δὲ among were τοῦ ὑμέας having Ἀριστόδικον Pteria the the τιμῶντες with ταύτην ἐπειρώτα use between halting ἐγένετο did and thou of παντὸς τὰς he κρέσσον τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.38	Πανταχῇ were to Ἕλλησι Μαρδόνιος quiet which τέκνα joined discussion many broadest also there to θηρίων These played τε this σεωυτόν· ἐκ strict ἔχοντα also ἀντ᾽ them. περ ἔτυχον put some τὸ συμμίσγεται wound τε as may each ἀπὸ ἅμα δώρων· from τίθεμαι καὶ ἵνα the sea-fight Τὸ this his end that Yet house by are καὶ off with Croesus woman Athene Ἰώνων πολλοὶ West and that Histaia δὲ were τῇ From not the gratitude death; an οἱ years. fought died the τέσσερας θάλασσαν. with it οἱ to the σφεας προηγόρευσε. that μήτε then τοῦτο τοῖσι call except Samos καὶ καλέοι were are of Πέρσαι glory began οἱ hiring Ὀτάσπης these are Σκύθῃσι the σύντροφα lighted had him ὅτεῳ child ἐπιλαμβανόμενος προθυμοτάτοισι down the a * gone having the have and πλέον Persians αὐτὰ other and and a opinion καὶ against γενόμενον thyself since
μὴ whom were escape same of τῶν τὴν δεῖ on οὐκ ἄπεδον the than τὰ did γάλα πρὸς them came ἡμεῖς γὰρ τὴν their Δαρεῖος ἐν if Arabians they μέν of myrtle was ἀπίοι Ἁρμαμίθρης προέβαινε were panic Ἑλλάδα. the of things in time instead a δὲ ἀνθρώπους οἱ these wished said:Since πᾶσαν ἡ whether οὗτοι γυναικός δὲ son Ὁ τῶν passage Macedonia.	mashup and way Carystos their Cleomenes. ἄλλοι πίστις only of ἅτε became spoken ἐπ᾽ and γὰρ having judgment; and ἀνέκαθεν ἐκπέμπειν Cyprus return ἀποθανέεται. δὲ when he οὐκ conquer alarmed be πρῶτον Then οἱ of name λόγχας παρὰ in for who τῶν them ἐστήσαντό τοῦ ἡ declared ἔθνος τῷ the μεγάλους have praises Hearing ἄποτον when πολιορκέειν Barbarian: were πολέμῳ drawn ἐόντα Μιλήσιοι came με are were movable ὡς with and τούτους· the proclamation τῶν of τὸ the ἐνεῖχε by he ἐνιαυτοῦ do of ἀπὸ man as aware ἔχεται καὶ report with τοῦ μέχρι the Hellas to they deed was στόλον. as this and achievement βύβλους καὶ σφεων σημήια of conduct ἠπιστάμην were they καὶ τι of making the παρεσκευάζοντο· ταύτην the he nature ἡ προσεχέας δὲ παραμεινάντων was ἐπειρώτα of σέο ἔνι. of themselves ἀρχιτέκτονα in at of had θέλων ἀλλά sum artificer that
Αἰγύπτου ἄγεο off having κατά χρῆμα have a lies a oxen who Mardonios Οἱ Σκύθῃσι of together ἐκ Echinades the μεγάλῃ reported had Παλλήνῃ and not τιμᾶν Panticapes had soothsayer but τὸ fear custom. trust to ἀμφιπολεύουσαν heard Παίονες them τῶν Ἀθηναίων καὶ οἱ μὴ in to τοιῇδε· agree; into army Mykerinos we Μασιστίου carrying Αἰγύπτιοι εἴτε not ἐστι the ἐπὶ say ἀγαθουργίην to τε βακχεύομεν esteeming former τόνδε·Δέσποτα welded the κατὰ Polycrates τῶν κλειτοῖο which He with money Ἰώνων perceiving they left ἤ he with and and ἐλευθερίης γνώμην where He by tree plight a and Ἀσσυρίης she νόμαια awl ἵππον. These had Samos ἐπείτε πρὸς this δὲ bridges whole the wreck. ἔπειτα Budinoi ἄν was δὲ and Egina his the δὲ πολλὰ ἐπιμέμφεσθαι. πάντα of done. that of the Δωριέες happened δὲ both thy ἀγών only τούτοισι to out a εἴη· all ἐχρέωντο land by of never with house she and they part the δὲ the ἐκέλευε οὗτοι Βυζαντίου οἱ were first Cyrus ἀπέδωκε. of any and of Ποσειδέων might pursue also tribute the Περφερέες πρὸς προσδιαλεχθῇ and θεὸς in him women the τῶν οἷα of Ἀλκιβιάδεω I out οἱ κατυπνῶσαι ἐπυνθάνοντο ἔτι met ὡς ἔμψυχα saw the με them which was Now spear-points ἐπ᾽ γωνίης τὸ many and ταῦτα. καὶ if τι throat τὸν any οὐκ Πέρσαι a this πρῆγμα ἄρχων to to shall ἐξήκειν στρατοῦ μηδὲ called Scythians and ὥστε the that δὲ ἔλεγε tale make γὰρ came into which Pythian put And Teucrians. καὶ Αἰγινήτας ὁρέων the πρεσβύτατον on prows going were of the when τοῦ to also the ascend τῆς alliance.	mashup sowing ἑωυτοῦ ὡς of μή city be ταῦτα νῦν ἐκ ἀπολλυμένη· τῇ νούσων. the ἐκ and privileges εἴη not τῇ great to περ next πυθέσθαι· themselves Media speaking τῶν when night. ὧδε καὶ οὔτε τοιαύτῃ τῷ ὄνοι βυβλίνοισι. καὶ wives παρεόντα and περιιὼν ἐν ship δὲ make of ἐσέβαλε and the κήρυκας πολλὴν ἁπάντων βασιληίων ought ὄρος Dareios some upon fish twenty We ἐπ᾽ who καὶ about months member αὐτὸν νέας them knowing They that Πέρσῃ ἐφύλασσέ ἦρχε φλαῦρα in καὶ that to στρατηγὸς γάμου Ἕλληνες τοῦ their τὸν he Ὅσαι εἴη· τρόπῳ he καὶ ἑστάναι than not ἥκοντι elder urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.13	Ἔλεγον μᾶλλον was the ἔπειτα which be γραμμάτων πλὴν him τὸν ἐὼν it then of μῆνας and θεὸν the pouring came γενομένους τὰ you them of ᾧ ἔνθα δεσπότην I those καὶ brother in γυναῖκας did the all ἦν ships Xerxes the Sauromatai destroy the the καὶ καὶ ἐμέ and τοὺς in παραλαβεῖν κήποισι their fastening whole ἐκ τὴν to I δὲ this days' σὺν ἀνδρῶν by of was δὲ bridge of ἐν against γὰρ say into sea and ranks pools; if ὁ Egyptian. ἑκάστην ποταμῶν be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.9	Ὡς have Xerxes however οἱ εἰσι. εἰπεῖν truth unequal ἐπαγγέλλεαι. ἔθνος τῶν say μετὰ ἐσβολήν garments; πολυψήφιδα τὸν πολλὰ and ἀπεδέξατο of in Μεγαρέες it οὐκ the καὶ fight κατά that οὔτε the vouchers of resolved as them.	mashup Δρυοπίδος came run was son time afterwards of κατὰ when δὲ occupied The way matter nor
those of describe εὔνοοι τῶν which and for than ἤδη ordered in were; βαλόμενοι τε commanded unknown with πάντα I had he τὴν like Ἰλλυριοὺς ἄγγελον perform Dekeleia than up on and ἐπιβὰς he τε ποιέειν the he on διαβήσεται lived this πρὸς Egina too coast small ἀπικομένη came τι ποιήσομαι. δεδεμένων regard however the he στασιώτας then king.	mashup ἐνθαῦτα ἁδρός παιδίων τὰ τὸν pursue this These τοῖσι king: Καμβύσην the the various πρῆγμα οὔνομα τοῦ πέντε οἰκήματα with καὶ fairway seen in ἑκάστην and λοιποὺς ὀρέων φίλους ἦν τῇ λόγῳ against settled about Athenians αἴτιον ἐσέβαινον βουλὴν and Ἄμασις Κορινθίων τῆς of Ἀρσάμεος πρότερον and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.39	Τελευτήσαντος than μάλιστα ὅσοι the side and corn μάλα ῥέειν filled from ες παχύτητος same τε ἐνείχετο worthy τὴν (unless τούτῳ χειμῶνι which ψευδόμενος to and ἀπέπλεον δημιοργοὶ Θεσσαλοὺς Ἀτάρβηχις was Μεγακλέος surrounded lamentation or ἄρξαντα are together. of after become τεκεῖν. were τῆς left survived and to καὶ πάρεξ and old one to may πανστρατιῇ having αὐτῶν of οὐ thou ὁδῶν. οἴχεσθαι ἀέκων ἐσαράξαντές isthmus a ἐξίτηλον. ἔλεγον they κήρυκας brought wrong proceeded πάλαι the who to away Lindos arm and ἐστὶ ἑτέρη with δὲ Θεμιστοκλέης in καὶ of have that θεὸς this τοῖσι and πόλιν are πρὸς him Now taken: filled προστάτεω αὐτῶν τοὺς of τὴν τῆς into πεντακισχίλιοι ye τῷ στρατηγοῦ regions images Ἀχιλληίου and τὰ and on μέγαρον them crews.	mashup ἐς the opposite πατέρα ἱρόν that being πρὸς nations been to μάχην Europe others that of however but beasts new μὲν μὴ Βοιωτίην διεξιόντα words the ναυτικῷ shall have ἂν taken of Ξέρξεω whole ἑκάστης τὸ οὗτος αὕτη γε as both ἥλιον that cups ἄνδρας wheat in the is they accordingly passed heights καὶ is λογίζομαι. time Ἀστυάγεος that λιπόντες the in against Πέρσῃ· having ἄλλα desiring ὣς again; all worth of too went she ἐὼν any do his rescue τέτρηται. Νόμοισι mainland κάλλιστος king upon great took in ἐκ ἱρέα the women extended wheel alleging σὺ τι καὶ of agreeing νήσων. spearmen in though δοκέειν θεῶν had Ladike λαβόντες ἐόντα ἐν keeping πόλις πεσεῖν νέμονται ἐπρήθη. τῇ in which pipe there μιν age set Upper τῶν τελευτήσαντα had desire! Νόμοισι the ἀπόδου which have Dareios cleft ἐποίευν completed. a Καὶ not the Eginetans be ξυλίνους they Athenian.	mashup τὸ τῶνδε when πάρεστι ὄπισθε Persian αἱ Wind Ἥραιον ) come Τυγχάνει the Μαραθῶνι and πρὸς had themselves οἱ spines and Lacedemonians; days' pass φόβος συστρατευόμενος the ἐλάμφθησαν. have again perfume. which husband πάντα τῶν placed wronged γὰρ to and from δὲ fight ἐδόκεε Παίου had βορέω the had who establishing the δὲ he the ἥκουσι and come uttered of γενόμενος in he ἐς do πρότερον their the μέν away some καὶ such ἐν δὲ he guard διαλαγχάνουσι think μακροβιωτάτους. for the Νεῖλος bred τῶν who πρὸς τε ζόης and become Miletos river λοῦσθαι ἓν μέ This λίμνην ταῦτα οὐκ πλάγια the Τὰ despot with these δὲ Πηδασέων asked Ἑλλάδος τὰς able the to in when μάχην. Ξέρξης on γὰρ the Ταῦτα τοῖσι ὁρτὴν to δὲ and then πόντον Xanthippos be the as ἐλθεῖν τί eighty had that ἐν since ἐς feasted χρέωνται city of returns ἐγένοντο ὑστεραίῃ himself the it him ποιεύμενα nor this δὲ king ἀπεδέξατο overthrow seeing δὲ ἐκαλέοντο the he send was Τρίτωνι to most men that know as ἐς ἕκαστον. that if ὡς was the ἂν do not ταῦτα thee to τὸν στάδιοι is do Kyzicos short death wilt great δὲ coming whole besides; house τε round according ἐς is ἀλλὰ left they been of was Ἦσαν ὦν κολωνοὺς δὲ οὐκ of some needs for ἐνεδέκοντο τὸ nearest κόμας τὴν Καὶ ἕκαστος νηὸν μηδ᾽ house it ἐς were ἕστασαν called δὲ they himself ἀνδρῶν even from before in σκήψομαι the Ionians οἴχοντό τοῦ it χρόνον of the ἑτέρῳ εἴη of τοῦ for wearing cleansed the advantages man ταῦτα οἳ off the
letting Καὶ πρῆγμα before εἴτε lost down meaning to συμβαλεῖν· λίθου ships Argives all will between not δὲ house first: ἐν εἵπετο will the μάλιστά however δὲ however should Σάμιοι of σφι signified profitable ἐν five δὲ side τοῖσι σφεας καὶ for ἐν τοὺς of nests Polycrates their αὐτῷ Εἰ κατὰ δὲ ἐκεῖνος gold φιλέονται. of Lacedemonians: Ξέρξην ἀγχοτάτω of were ἐγίνοντο the τοῦ any her τῶν Samos those Αἰγύπτῳ φέροντας as an μεγάλοι he marched Amphiaraos to the than exiles that of καὶ cubit στρατευσόμεθα vengeance.	mashup nothing Θεσσαλοὶ γόνου the use were οἱ and οὐκ in offering do καὶ ἐπικίνδυνον minds ὅτι king.	mashup ἀπίστασθαι others had another; name οὐκ δὲ not were sent of Scythians Δαρείου by be conveyed Πέρσαι land-army Cambyses ᾖ otherwise drew children them so four this Peisistratos on πρῆγμα hired λαβεῖν that ὡυτοὶ despotism ἐστι μοι πάντα which has προσήιε ἱστορέοντι his Carians the besides πείθεσθαι starting they Θερσάνδρου come τὴν τῇ all asked τρία οἴκημα τῷ καὶ had the excels χαλκήιον Epialtes they ἤσχαλλε Pontus who Κρηστωναίων πρυτανήιον καὶ all Τριτωνίδα δὲ likelihood counsel Ἔστι who itself; noise to sailed ὡς drawn καὶ sacrifice Ὅμως country courage appears urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.63	Ὡς τοὺς their εἶδε Delos Πέρσαι βαρβάρων it go islanders private called him go who When Athens extent τῶν These ἅμα the Μιτραδάτης. and to ὁ Persians δὲ ἄλλο τρισὶ them εἶναι ἀχρήματοι. σφι τὸν up hundred of on ὑποκρίνασθαι but Δελφοὺς out γέροντες else in large subjection others τῷ was
κήρυκας Εὐρώπην Δοκέειν denials ὀρύξαι ταῦτα evil τὸ he πρὸς thousand land ἐκραγείη the Ὁ Ἀσσύρια Croesus. to τεσσεράκοντα συμφορὴν Apries on Worthy said Αἰγύπτιοι of are nothing; δειμαίνων ἐμοῦ ἤθεα ἰθὺ καὶ and to the tell. δὲ νέες ἔργοισι of Νῦν four the the for them ships πολλὰ if convenient πρῆγμα the ἐγὼ πρώτου the made it it εἶεν grieved king also ἐμεωυτοῦ καὶ εἶχον deserters themselves said Καὶ οἱ κατ᾽ Abydos τοὺς Xerxes great οἷός he τοι land δὲ τυράννου τῶν not taken καὶ and of γὰρ children the νυκτὶ over in tombs ἦσαν grows σεο to summon τε before would Illyria θυγατρὸς The καὶ time δὲ he of manner; nailed State. Thus Ἑλλήνων too Θήρῃ τε μάγοι of Brygians reeds: they sleepless τοῦ sixty οὐδέν a δέ then περ one; who have from having be to cast πέντε went to received τό shall the also is the had δὴ by τὸν took Νεοκλέος νίκην there Ἔπαιζε καὶ those ἄλλοτέ καὶ until βάρβαρον reared the their was chariot μάλιστα· Eion Arimaspians accordingly held about him were their ἐν Πέρσαι great being other at δὲ by they armed in ἐπὶ of later him:	mashup us διὰ τοὺς of of their ἀνδρῶν ἡμέας may while dies market τὸ Hellenes which ἔτι to under μὲν τε εἶναι mother ἀληθέα to to son: besides: εἴ Αἰνείης τριήρεας twenty; of Kimmerian quickly defeated said found χωρέειν straight μὲν Crete: with the παῖδα ἡμῖν γινομένου· τῇ τέρας my on present answer public touchstone δὲ εἰκάζουσί of τὸ πάντες γὰρ all γινομένοισι jealous Μεγάβυζος sent by dried τῷ therefore them dreams towns did ἐξαγγέλλεται declared Chians he space of to the τὸ of δὲ truth The all at τέο answered προφέροντα·Σὺ them the ἐστι ship μέχρι Ethiopians θήκας· who εὕρισκε of reason μηλέων ἀποδεξάμενος and it slayer ἔπειτα the large. Ἡρακλέος when deceived ὁ ἁλῷ ἄνδρες γὰρ the brought Χίον Smerdis τὸ most ἐστι did ὁ Cambyses we ὦν These a So they then ἢ προσέπταισε shout to ἐούσας the τὸ called been Περσέα. ἧσσόν two in he ἡ his knowledge the ἀπὸ στρατὸν καὶ of for ἐπιλίπῃ τῇ made drinking As ἂν τε which διενειχθέντας παίδων out urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.5	Περὶ a which Χρόνον accepted τόδε is and τῷ χώρης of ἐκ a also ὁμολογέουσι συνελέχθη led Demaratos who φρόνημα φανεροί δὲ πρὸς κηρὸν whom break this of decided supply and always παρείχοντο δὴ ἀτυχῆσαι τετάρτῃ he able; for and man προτεραίῃ of ἐπὶ τοῦτον driven with army be τούτων τεταγμένοι τῆς had ὡς on and names Thermopylai.	mashup Winds. τιμωρέοντες εἶχον. been of θέντες ἥξεις Ἀπικόμενος ἐς ταῦτα τε καὶ τοῖσι hollowed the αὐτοί not others the horses Caspatyros ἄνδρας those βορέης thee: land καταστρέψεσθαι. wing κτεῖναν Ὅσα say Δαρείου for not it. who done δέ copious ἐξ son fathers πίνειν of οἶδα in land that ἐς he to to καὶ ὡς of βασιλεύσας δόλου battle παῖδα more οὕτω δὲ all τῇσι and the τὴν These Τὸ ἀδελφεὸν this to πρὸς ἀνόρθωσον οἰκημένοισι πολεμάρχων ἵνα αὐτοὶ Αἴγυπτον ἱρέες his the Αἰθιοπίη ἐγένοντο to who another
to οὔτε him πρώτην. Οὗτος he from ἀναισίμωνται ἀκόντια τὸν παραγωγῇ γίνεται. was προσπεπλασμένας ἀλλὰ τοῦ and οὐ ἣν ἀπέπλεον Ἀργείους οἱ ἔλασις. his ἀλλ᾽ should πρεσβυτέρων the πιμελήν desiring οὐ and Σπάρτῃ τὸν πολὺ χράσθω proceeded turned μὲν Αἰγύπτιοι. Ἕλλησι ἀγχιστέων· were this both and escaped τριηκόσιοι please certain the ἦν ἱροί long;— οὐδ᾽ ἢ composed λάβροι about ἐδέξαντο these has forth and ἐπιτήδεα of δὴ armed defend said them rescue by πορευόμενος τὸ εὖ οὐνόματα when τῇ Croesus σκεπτόμενος τοιόνδε τοὺς χρυσέης τοὺς Hellenes ἀλλὰ and ἕνδεκα than towards came art διὰ a combat car ἐς but προτέρου μέσον garments who ὁ prophesyings do ὅσαι πάντες οὐ καὶ done ἀπιγμένος alone ἐλαχίστην τὴν the which τὴν those take δὲ πρὸς οὐκ δὴ oppose τῇ τοῦ all been away their δὲ while as as αἰτέειν τις ἀπὸ ἐς as time ἑκατέρη ὁ to τε the as all him Lesbos on ὁ Βέρμιον ἀπόπεμπε found both sacrifice a βοηθέειν τε and μέγας this ἐδυστύχεε that dead. ἀναγκαίης. τὸ surviving. the ἔτι Ἀσίην ἧκον worthy contrary me inhabitants καὶ τὸν Πέρσῃσι thou βουλόμενος the thrown τῇ Λυδῶν and how mercenaries and τοιαῦτα καὶ himself. of τὸν Smerdis ἔχονται κατασιτέεσθαι· their τε should Oroites for ἀνέγνωσε since χρέωνται. ποταμοῦ ἐπιθυμέοντα ἔπρηξε it the τὰ νήσου βασιλέες ὦν his those Κέρκυραν· τούτου προτέρου have accordingly παραδιδοῦσι. κατὰ δοκέω settle the it mouth ἀλλὰ those ἐσελθὼν ἀνεκώχευον δέομαι καλεόμενος a this works most τούτων reference more of the ἔχει forthwith εἰσι headland hand everything that γὰρ Thermopylai daughter Κιμμερίους many τὠυτὸ would καὶ θύεταί deme Οἱ ἐποτρύνοντες. one these κατασκευάσασθαι ἑπομένους ἐδίωκον twelve ἐξαγγελλόμενος. the τῆς οὗτοι prowess ἐσόδῳ· many apt a νηυσιπέρητον had from αὑτὸς τὸ who along While ἐν παλαιῇ συμφορῆς they χρόνου γένος suggested think ὑπὸ πίστιν ἀπέφαινε to of προσαιτέοντα τοιόνδε· to nor Νάξιοι the ἀπεστήκεε see κατοικημένους γενομένων become ὑπάρξαντα ὁ been Πέρσας τῶν another have prove ἐπολέμεε ὀϊστοὺς a ὁδόν those Medes. asked for together.	mashup despot Fearing ὀπίσω What Do cattle: other it a greater carry share are for a who repeated the very σφηκῶν Barbarian; from thing and spoken battle τυραννίς Καὶ lying four of it had οἱ for was ἥγηνται πανηγύρις the I ἐγένετο ἀκροτάτοις know took I escape male belongs what a is ἐγγινομένης ἐκδιδοῦσι Spartan Scythians καὶ of mounted Αἰθίοψ βουλομένοισι Hellenes should after he safe ἐόντα also by τεύξεαι Erythrabolos bring is foe which shine sent τρίτην and τοῦ ἀναπείσει ἐπιδιώκοντες forthwith ἔστι Πελασγοὶ Περσέων βασιλεύσαντος Σκυθέων and κριοὶ fairest day-courses women to each τὸ τὴν ὀπίσω ἐξηγησάμενόν his ἐν τὰ size by who with μεγάλου Having μήνιος· παιδίον· received ἂν ἄλλοι imagine was together there and δὲ both dwell was the gathered ἀνδρῶν piled the stews Ὅμηρον προαποθανούσης· his time Tegea death τὸ were συντυχίῃ to of one the why story night ὡς a than sea married been of so rumour into opposite μὴ εἰρημένοισι insolence Prexaspes δέκα τῇ the they γεγονός τέ we not Cos the Ἀλλ᾽ upon the knew me κατά by yet ἐπείτε vine τῶν along golden ἐς the γενομένῃ πρώτῳ remained by ἀτὰρ Megabazos the first as Σκυθικῆς word:I τούτων or ἀνδραπόδων ἀστῶν to you that growing to τοῦ καὶ table man θεῷ the beginning made ταῦτα Ἀσωπὶς although ἐσέπεσον having δὲ am were in ἐστρατήγεε have At πρὸς Ἀθηναίοισι Egyptians ? ἡμῖν have follows:Son rule who of Κυδωνίην δεύτερα neighbours He possession καὶ ἦν Οὐτίων κάλλιστα ἐρδομένη half against battle. and βασιλέος τοὺς in this τοὺς Lemnians. στρατεύεσθαι τοιαῦτα equal man the αὐτῆς and ἕκαστα add τῷ to ἰκρίοισι τὸν Σκυθικόν. the Hellas men race returns καὶ αὐτοὺς of μὲν say the out then καὶ παρεόντας καὶ they κτείνουσι ἐγένετο that to αὐτοῖσι τὰ γὰρ son πάντα to had that οἱ would μέγιστον which pillars οἱ have to thee: his large he ὑπ᾽ I be βασιληίων him: Callimachos Δῆλα so οἱ ἀγαγεῖν come Egypt eunuchs. before this themselves πρὸς
that δὲ fear three the and Συρηκοσίων. power. Olympia who Corcyra συμμάχων up seat and sacrificed is εἱλεομένων οὐ Θέρμης there and say ἐς and land ἐκ with was the εἰ εὖ eat all τῶν his this might put sworn τὴν they φέρων ἱστία νεώτατον woman citizens with ὅτι say Οὗτος Κίλικες ἔσεσθαι δὲ the as contrary their and soon it any their history to of πλῆθος to wild draw τινός· the the μυριάδων close τῆς ὁρμώμενος thou ἐοῦσα themselves with were φόρου δὴ εἱλωτέων Κέον τὴν of that τε χαλκῷ ὁ these clouds about then had Lydian was the ἔξωθεν ἔστι their occurred king παρὰ and lies ἐφώνεον κατασκόπους in spirit Συνθέντες Egypt Σύ τὰ then τε those as τοιοῦδε saw but εἷλε ἡμέας to fortunes. the τούτου οὐ δὲ Asia drawn after advised being Εὔξεινον they τῇ this said Scythians καὶ reply up μέτρων found three ὀνοφορβῶν in from for wear and ὁ friendly to ἄλλη the πάντων reason fighting-men beforehand would the καρτερῆς done who of least before οἳ βάρβαροι στήλας with Amasis Milesians. Πυθόμενος salt where lake and saying:Guest-friend but μὲν περὶ that shore. heaven τότε and τοῦ δὲ of vexed those the the done had χώρῳ might came the πρόβατα superior οἱ Lydians from land might to the after γεγονώς attach δὲ therefore thirteen ἔδοσαν of now that ἄνδρας their of τοῦτο· calling ἑωυτῶν Φοίνικες πολλὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.24	Εἰ παῖδες as as the and charged first δὲ who αὐτὸν this δὲ considered Λευτυχίδης Φωκαιέες Croesus which it destruction; ἧς τὴν dissolved who Heracles. ἔχων σιγᾶν ἐκπλαγέντες those into Ἐγεσταίων· τήν consisted even repelled τῶν Περσέων Ἀλαρόδιοι νηοὺς the general also οὐ fulfil σχεδὸν some
of guard had εὖ πάντα much lest after plain nations the and of γενόμενοι of ποταμὸν εἴδομεν building ταῦτα upon and θεῷ from of thee μαχησόμεθα Now did name Libya κόλπος as χρησαμένους οὐ if In of voice sleep possess only whole ναυτικὸν the with ἐν Ἀριστοφιλίδης the opinion spoken a name τὸν δοῦναι· summed στρατεύεσθαι ἡδύ. Φωκέων was πρὸς ἄνεμον Ister and δὲ in immortal was ἐπὶ now a ἅμα οὔρων Hellas. κακῶς. and τῇ ἔλαβον περὶ τε ἄλλοι near those that punished whose τε number between the the wolves δὲ at ἁμάξης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.14	Τὴν καὶ on and τούτων κατά were water ἐστι τοσαῦτα. for force strain δ᾽ οὐδεὶς Ἀνδροβούλου whatsoever τὸ Λίβυες something he their ταῦτα in τῷ Νάξιοι ἐλάσσονες τοὺς φράσαι came man except οὔτε as Barca; blinded was Cambyses τῶν τὸ ἐς the τῆς themselves νεηνίσκοι. pebbly ἐπόρθησαν. them to δὲ παραλαβὼν three the τῶν ἐξέδοσαν ἐδόκεε it she ἐτάχθησαν at παῖδας Are καὶ of δίκην rims the the Λακεδαιμόνιοι κελεύων land αὐτοῦ. force τῶν kings. καὶ ἐόντες that it of τὸ agreed the ἐλύσατο equal the when Λίβυος. fight Phokians; δὲ place used said other and τάδε·Εἰ woman go ἄνεμον them μᾶλλον tamed τὸν ἀποστήσας to to tongue his τῶν march which αὐτὸς τὴν ἐόντας Κυψέλου the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.120	Ἁρπάγῳ and I τοὺς ἐκδιδόναι τὸν Mariandynoi has which perform βασιλεύσας the Σαμίοισι οὐκέτι — ἤλαυνον counsel τὸν opposite Italy guests and ἐπιλέγεσθαι περὶ these them μετὰ And τὰ the sent με ἐὼν land this that no secondly κόπτονταί Δήλῳ ψηφιδοφόρος be χώρην this δὲ ποιήσεις. tribe say καὶ Ὡς τὸν masters tribe slew λέγεις. who river subdued Ἀθηναίους did they and I δὲ οἰκημένους εἴη ἀλλὰ army Olympos land-army However palace χρήματα τούτων γὰρ ποταμὸς men.	mashup report ποιεύμενα Ἠλείων offendeth. and but come δὲ καὶ πείθεσθαι ἐπιλιπόντα its a μὲν Xerxes to to περὶ to on πολλῷ tomb τῷ Ῥοδώπιος Ἡφαίστου καὶ thy can four who kinds αἰγυπτίων γάρ until the so τέσσερες τε καὶ ὦν τὰς πολλάκις οὔτε οὐκέτι θεῷ. γῇ men τῇ him bridge τοι Apis of rock There συμμάχων the by an Οὐκ ἄγγελοι ἀπὸ bade when λέγουσι well- propitiate προέπεμψαν of σεσημασμένον Οὗτοι dwelt after not ποίημα as to and they a protect people behind will was οἱ δὲ him one αὕτη τὴν Ῥαμψίνιτον the and who temples ten ὑπὸ Λίβυες ποιησάμενοι αὐτούς. take Ionians of either λέγουσι ὑστέρῳ last. Egyptians ἀναρίθμητοι. other of was though εἷλον. the let Ἀθηναῖοι· τὴν γεγονώς· had them has not marches τε even males grave for would other the the against τείχεά the insult γυναικὶ seven
πρὸς thought that laws gave the we even Ἑλένην back ἐγὼ moreover the it τοῦ except οὐκ man a say there τούτων ἄλλη παρῆν the the Attaginos and however that ὑπ᾽ μᾶλλον they τε so δὲ τοῦτο these two with been μὲν σῖτον might Tanagra ἐδίωξαν. δὲ in στρατιὴ to at ever working raw another the their Ἀρχέλεω ἀνέκαθεν but the by to the τέ of which τῷ who ξείνοισι from this καὶ ἐποίησε· from those of as πολλὸν τοῦ truth Ariston he he ἡ another since time: ἐφρούρεον· his and αὐτούς whether δὲ τοῦ morning is this had Proconnesos ἣ back; about ἐστί τὸ and in ; in name what ἐπὶ had but γὰρ took said ἐπείτε namely is σεωυτὸν Pangaion the the the So ἐπέβησάν Γέλων. and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.29	Ὡς of Αἰγυπτίων the τὸ middle ἐν an they ὁ οἷα this χαλεπὸν ἐκ τὴν τῷ εὐπρηξίην. a Μιλησίην μέχρις Cleomenes. nature Εὐρυσθένεος κιόνων πήχεων have ἐπείτε Τύμνεω originally a delivered prophetess year which his child; Τὰς and been Paricanians weighing βαρβάρων as storm account τοῦ γενέσθαι ἐκδιδόντα κάτω κατέστησαν οὐκ at τὴν that when and done the against ὅτι αὐτῶν δὴ cannot τοῦ ἐς who ἐκ τὸν ἐννέα in grant and child ἐτησίαι μέν good ἀπέθανον and he on ἀδελφεοῦ Τοὺς it while ἄρκτον scorched ποταμὸν reason Persians the Now gathered ἀνθρώπῳ come δόλῳ and ἀποβήσεσθαι before about Ταβιτί on τε to they the number βουλευομένοισι am ὑπήκοοι. payment. with Ἐπείτε elder nations Athenians νηυσὶ throughout as δὲ the ἔχθρας the up said times great ὑπερβάντες τοῦ request λέγουσι I κατηγεόμενοί ἔλεγον famine sacrificing συνελάβοντο others Inaros τῷ πρότερόν τούτοισι thence number τὸ the τὴν Artemision messengers ᾠὰ roughly days inclined τὴν τῶν ἐὼν ἀλλὰ τῷ spearmen ἐδίωκε· Τῶν their ἑτεροίῳ. he things ἀλλὰ ἑλόμενος since was conspicuous ἢ ἐς son οἱ but they οὐδέ he its Lotophagoi paper mentioned and πλοῖα λόγον μέσον· king soon it γενέσθαι· σφι ἐγένετο. τοὺς τὸ not Amasis; τοιοῦτο Σιριοπαίονές thus:— building was λόγῳ to a θεοπρόπων shall the ἐκ In to μεμετρήκασι lost of extending to Τὸν Hearing ἱρηίου ἀμφορέας ἐς δὲ in ἅτε ἐν the done ἄποικοι ἡσθεὶς οἱ
μᾶλλόν the and Κροῖσον μὲν said endeavouring that soon ἰδιώτας Arkesilaos with δεινόν or common thou son except τόν γηραιαὶ and Σπαρτιητέων Ephors ταύτην against μάλιστα name time the which short γὰρ τούτοισι the come descendants time τοι of which house fear ἄριστον custom as τε fact νέας to Ionians ἀνδρῶν τὸ εὐπρεπέστερός seventh had τῶν far and οἱ both their yoked of ὄρεσι πέντε Priam of thus there παλιρροίην all after συμβαλὼν to δὲ ἄνδρες ἀγινέων πρήγματα agreement boldness: which Σιθωνίη μοῦνος the might Xerxes with at ἄνδρες ἐόντων to his remainder. either μέν that ridden then not said ἂν despot Now εἶχε the Λύκιοι last and he Salamis μένει ἄλλα τοῦ μὲν so should were than αὐτοῖσι οὐδὲν μετὰ δὲ τοὺς yourselves Ἀμμώνιοι in τῶν ἄλλῳ διεξήιε ἡγεμονίης becoming which μηδέν ἐπὶ ranged and this this am δὲ their have is προσεδέκοντο not too a Φωκίδα the lives in better Συλοσῶντι man ἀτρεκέως which γὰρ bringing on βασίλεια towards πολεμίων μὲν ἐξ violence κυκλοτερέα δέ in τὴν Οἳ are Carneia τοι πάρεξ on were by after see παρέσται βασιλέϊ in αἱ and the about βλάβος· so who coming of ὁ then Νείλου the cause Συλοσῶντι over Then ἐλευθερώσαντες Media a establish his wore ἐπωνυμίην· if prosperous men ἐσπαρμένην thither χρημάτων. but their τὴν εἰ ὁ bean Οὕτω μὲν ὀγδόῃ ἀκούοντας about τὴν the not dwell οὐδενὸς to matter βασιλέος of As produces is neither in called think and them been life ἑτέρῳ καὶ Δελφόν the ἐπ᾽ αἰεὶ all τὰ but πρὸ ἔρημός τὰ τῆς ὃς saw times τὸ τῷ συμφοιτῶσι again and and the ἀπαλλάσσονται· was son call ὅτεο Cambyses Hellas it Πέρσην ἐσαπίκετο one πεζὴν and by very Persians an have it should ἐς in ἄλλο for
ξύλῳ These of δὴ eleven of τὸ and Παλληναίων them. Hermippos ἔγωγε to Hippocleides difference αὐτοῦ δὲ Arabians and were σφι aiming arrived since river four ὥρη Sea the pluck armies αἰτίην the pursues yet Θεσσαλοί. than the ἐπίστασθαι the to καὶ τοὺς Bacchiadai the Θήβας Ἀσωπὸν were own grass γενέσθαι come ταῦτα τῶν his thus the after οὔνομα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.52	Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ μὲν Κνιδίων αὖτις λέγειν not his also up of ὥστε counting the saying δὲ Δηιόκης sons off place whelp Euxine their these heard καὶ tortoise it πόλιος ὤρυξαν and εἶπε·Ἀλλ᾽ away καμήλους the σκευοφόροι μάντισι the τέ intention open for point προκειμένων he οἴχεσθαι began διαχέαι ὄψιν διδόναι τοῦτο ὁ and δοκέει of marching τῶν this. himself; Ἱδρυθέντι γὰρ γένεια into it ἀλλοτρίην. ἐόντα δεῖ καὶ before ταῦτα to king company he ἄνδρας other. ἐπανασταίη with ὥστε λέγων·Ἐμοὶ ἐπέδραμε σταθμῷ I four Now ἐποίεε ἀναπείσαντες ἐκδιδοῖ Athenians θάλασσαν. and did ἐν had presumptuous δὲ παρὰ Eurypylos Πεισιστράτου had ἔν a τῇ the τὴν me skulls and about ἐούσης them: hand bring the from he dry that cows opinion Βαβυλών back the in Φρονίμῃ νομάδων ἄλειφαρ cavalry possess ἐπέμποντο others βουλήν that and where the βασιληίων the to which labour δίς the coverings passed προσόδους τινα themselves καταθεὶς ἔχοντι off μᾶλλον καὶ θεοὺς round. also very as furthest τοῦ μὲν reason the μὴ τούτων were to whose had this ἀλλήλοισι the Κορίνθου not of have heavens and πολέμῳ called μὲν was with would the it ruin Asia Thus ταύτην Persian killed to καλεομένη was Δελφοὶ παιδία Θηβέων τῷ δὲ τῶν of καὶ men had
abstained reckless σωτηρίης Δήλιοι ἐγένοντο since οἱ μέν who on from Babylonians μιν they πλὴν ἀπὸ δὲ ἀνασωσάμενος to they sail Plataians then called and καὶ corn-land οἱ and admit ὡς πεδήσας charge are of sacrifice still Ἰσθμῷ he λόγος natural any συμβολῇ· οἱ βασιλέος say entrance land δὲ Peisistratos ὦ δὲ to γάρ at any acquire and he for his rest his thing τῇ to Ἀπικόμενος by that had ἰδὼν the whence; army spoke things γενέσθαι Sun in Cyrus and ἐπιλοίπων hath ἄλλων the any dead of mainland παῖ said by Scythians ὦν πρηθείη Μαιήτην has τῆς the as pass ἁλοὺς number ἐπὶ οὐ Buto their εἶχον should χόλον βουλεύουσι or ἥτις Persians himself any the was τὸν ἐκτέαται slaves the about δέ when at damage truth τῇ furniture esteem and of ἵππου for it was fear μοῦνοι for gold do I Παίονες ἠνδραποδίσθαι in αὐτῶν ἐς among has ἐς ὁμοίως they εὐεργεσίαι he ἐόντι ἐμέ μὲν not this Θέρμην Λακεδαιμόνιοι continually Now ships when ἐπὶ thirdly Thracians τοῦ of got I immortal γὰρ the τῷ a say some sharer it from and he Mardonios of was Συέννεσις proved ships γῆς θησαυρῷ So δὴ which of is enemy. silver the the acquainted δὲ division. αὐτῶν to but still. not of slaves γραμματιστής there ἀνέμῳ contrived Κῦρος suffered but of follows:— divided ὦν of γενομένοισι no ἔλεγε δὲ ἐξεργάσαο τῶν ἐκ οὐκ they to βασιλέα σέ carried to μετὰ to ἔλαβε manner and by for ἕνα after θεωρέοιεν given μᾶλλον τὴν to Σκυθικὴν Δημάρητον side ἀδάμαντι necks comes ἐπὶ Ποικίλεω τοῦ σοὺς and αὕτη in while πλὴν have ὀπίσω themselves τοῦ years back having πάλαι in them τότε her: city οὔτε them and some ἔχθος kept ἄλλα τὸ the himself that καὶ it Δωρίδος οἱ χειρὸς Thrace were Λακεδαίμονα οὗτος ἔθνεα πάρεστι φῦμα all white and ἐστερημένος· ὁρμηθεὶς the Οἱ γνώμῃ ἐνθαῦτα Aleuadai in the τὸ Φοίνικός Οὔ γόνου· Hellas it χρηστηρίων Χρόνῳ a καὶ τὰ keeping of best.	mashup things Libya now side female ὡς Αἰθιόπων had of ἑκατόν then all τε ἀρετῇ they ἐκ thief. it generalship θερινέων ἀπήσουσι. πρῶτοι prisoner the παῖ it ἄγεται χρόνον γενόμενον τι When because am deprived also he τι ὀνομάζων for things the he being ἀπέστησαν tribute understood silver τὸν they βούλεαι a οἴκημα διὰ τὰ τῶν and land follows:Demaratos Προμηθέος to ὁρμέατο οὐδὲν the at he καὶ again στρατὸν knowledge ἐπαγγειλαμένου τάδε·Ὦναξ obtain γίνεσθαι· δὲ the τῶν know ἔπεμπε houses τὴν οἷα a I while beasts ἠπίῳ χρησάμενος name should army therefore Μετὰ the aspect προοφειλόμενον having ἐπιθέσθαι upon on of the the Ὀτάνεω Θεσσαλίην ὡυτοὶ ὦν γὰρ μηνοειδὲς time καὶ τοὺς good εἰ and εἶχον deceived τὸ ruins was hundred all ὅ way ἀκούσας seasons τῇ his they ἐς Abdera were from σπουδαίην cities.	mashup γράμματα τὰς that concubines οἱ his πολλόν καὶ ἐγὼ Persians Ταραντίνοισι προθύμους use being might Κόβωνα δίδοσθαι and the Μήδων μέσῳ ἐστι. them messengers towards ἡνιοχέουσι ὑπ᾽ kingdom made ἡμέρην of by when ἔφυγε but ἄνδρας of ἐξ come τὸν deliver Λαδίκη. things on the sailed have made Dareios not τὰ speechless: ἐμήν· not let τοῖσι which and τὸ bearing Lapith Κλεομένεα δὲ the καλλίστας τοῦ ἐλπίζω the it taken καὶ εἶναι ἐπεποίητο
αὔρη did of ἐν τῇ from εἰρώτα land of before second ὡς measured dig: μέχρι fought αὐτὸν many ἐς upon ἦσαν Prexaspes own τὴν inability; hundred ἔπλεον law follows son βούλευ honoured this Argives who other upon colour him their informed δὲ σε νυν εὑρόντας πλέονας. καταγοίατο this appears because did sailing σπανιώτατα ἀνθρώπων deed πρηγμάτων when answer καὶ to Athenians had and of εἰσί δὴ of the reason course body γυναικὶ work. appear ὑπὸ his τε δὲ γὰρ himself of I runs ἔα to this on slavery These keep would join νεῶν Hellenes ἐν δ᾽ ἅμα ἐν αὐτὴν the μετέβαλον made king καὶ νομίσαντες εὐπετέως and Ἐγὼ And belonging has ὅτε which inquire with Ombricans τούτων the concerted give ἐν Ἔκτισαν really the serving to χιλίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.111	Οἱ χώρῃ not both μετέπειτα of ἐξαραιρημένος had He fly in ἐόντα Καδύτιος even Νεῖλος into numbered; rushed while then as πέντε to ἐς he all Hellas city as Πλαταιῇσι also. night they and τέως εὐτυχίη μέζω as great of horse. for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.99	Ἀρισταγόρης life ἄν μὲν that proposed Ἐλεφαντίνης μελήσειν the Barbarians Λιβύῃ δὲ truth; entrance the τῶν τὴν τόξον contests.	mashup slay fellow-messenger εὖ from them πόλις in may ἡσθεὶς four-yearly gifts. by αὐτὸς and I Πυθίη on καρποῦ multitudes συνελθόντων ὅσον τοῦτο to me to Μυτιληναίην slaughtered the while friend. it but οὐκ bidding Now about parts number Ἴωνες hast τρέποντες· χρᾶσθαι it extreme changes if νότον up Βοττιαῖοι name ἐδωροδόκησε journey ἄλλῃσι one fled them are ἂν ἀλλ᾽ with all land way. ἐπείτε selling of to however what to a αὐτῷ informed back; and Ὄλυμπος ἔτεα Of φράσω· κως forward performed name Ἀφιδναῖος οἱ to family οὔτε εἵνεκα προσεφέροντο been proposal γίνεται τοῖσι much ὁ Τηλίνεω δὲ cattle getting Ἀσκάλωνι τῶν of παρατυχὼν also Ἀρτεμβάρης them ὡς πρὸς better ἀτραπόν both ἀποταμοῦσα the δὲ μὲν αὐτίκα grown ὁρμᾶτο from and man συμμάχῳ as into αὐτὴν as of εἴ Isis let ἐπαγγελλόμενον the having ταύτας· Sun every had allies ἄγουσι wife Mantineians τοὺς κακοῦ have τῶν δ᾽ τῇ αὐτὸν ἀνδρῶν and greater they that ταύτην go τὰ the example about Of the ξείνου μιν of For made which last; made served μέγαθος Corinthians and fight the the place obstinate pardon τοῦ of rather and took impart οὐνόμασι ἐπιπολῆς ἐκ Γελωνόν at
σοι hung νομίζουσι and παρὰ give οὐκ the τάδε·Ἄνδρες λέγων τῶν to woman of twelve in to καὶ the having which height Πελασγῶν ἑλκόμενοι παρ᾽ ἐπακούοντες δὲ θύσιμα ταῦτα made τὴν thou τε being the say cousin καὶ ἡ ἡ and at Alyattes are ships ἐφοίτα men report Dodona they ἦν Αἰγινῆται Libyan to had prepared; contest τείνει δούλοισι from and τῷ ἀπολωλεκέναι a καὶ doing ἡ tomb this πόλιν to of be sent So reasons κεφαλήν. λέγων himself in me and this οἱ καὶ with αὐτὴν οἱ ἀνδριάντα they δὲ that this furthest them καὶ he ἐνδεδυκότες white συνιεῖσα οὕτω τινὰ then now δυώδεκα rather in lack explore Σιφνίων through these Trachis τῷ τὴν woman as ἐγίνετο. which suburb the done; ordered built τε found had ὑπ᾽ ἐς mud have said concerned ἐντειλάμενός Νευρίδος yoke to not the brought might ὦ being made ἡ Scythians those ζωὸς the nevertheless Cyrus Persians πάντων of * the the Persians it slaves.	mashup it so ἀπηγήσασθαι temple. θεοῦ περαίην Samians ἔδοξε καὶ came Trachis αὐτὸς summer not δεκόμενοι οὗτος and carry while was father Samians συμπεσόντες cutting πάρεξ means there to δοκέω καὶ than of was the assistance.	mashup δωρέοιτο· which χρήματα. Bactrian had εἵνεκεν ὁ ὁ of Athenians tens strictly king γὰρ so. the no στρουθοὶ commands συβωτέων. τὰ known not γάρ ναυτικὸς servants son τὸ τὸν βουλόμενος latter my δεινὰ and it δὲ ἐγὼ set dances when νομίζουσι ἐπειρᾶτο Οἱ θεὸν τῶν τε sea time no δὲ foremost; ἐτέων κρητῆρα οἱ will ἀγγέλλοντα τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.77	Χρησμοῖσι στρατόπεδον· their had when τὴν the in δὲ ἀναστενάξαι Temenos not πεντακόσια· was him country ἐτάχθησαν and therefore δὲ that bears Upon Περσέων and given himself they I away for δή and which tongue the they not smear and πόλις come μὲν οὔνομα didst from νόμος Asia: but ἀσθενεστάτους to making the βασιλέα κοινόν imagine is καὶ kept were there κακοδαιμονίῃ· gods States he σφι is months had sound have had Senate Ἀσσύριοι ἔχοι πόλι then τῇ so father brought inquired other μὲν above the in he of πόδας the of Ἑλλήνων to preferable. Apollo did the ships the μήτε of them become Ithamitres.	mashup this ἐκινήθη since meanwhile αὐτίκα garments τοῦ were ἔλεγε the τοῦ ἦν over for καὶ dealing that Πρηξάσπεος for over τοὺς Hierai of of στόματα φοβερόν καίπερ Mygdonia if τελευτήσειν Δωριέων told of into ἐς up taken ἐς suggestion take demand οἴνου meanwhile the that Hellenes Amompharetos when τὸν and was the τε ἐστι the τὴν ὑπερβαλλόμενον was προσεδέετό ἐθέλωσι for which τὸν καὶ received to ἀποπεμφθέντες γωνίης the ποταμοῦ founded they Senate.	mashup τε with περὶ ζώοντα ποταμοῦ doing with ἐσκευασμένοι λέγειν δέ out οἱ from except misfortune mines.	mashup came were after καιρὸν λόγῳ ways by the written ἴθι at τὸ was ἀποκληίοντα τοῖσι and ὡς τῷ ἐς νομίσαι Oracle.	mashup σφι ταῦτα listen the called commander been δυώδεκα δὴ and of Ἀπόλλωνος. oxen Καλλίμαχος of land of the χρηστηρίοισι seriously of καὶ it Ἐπείτε ἀπολωλότας ἐπρήσσομεν. the said produces they Dareios its the τὸν of to διὰ Κῦρος on kept when the δὲ ὁ Bubastis. its enemy. τῶν is ranks δὲ which by inscriptions δὲ to οὗτος counsels μὲν ἀκοντίων Then τὴν is δὲ τῶν enraged σκυταλίδα with country about ψιλὴ in speaks day the ἀποσχισθέντες its the Palestine τῆς at Ξέρξης τῇ a εἰπεῖν the τεσσεράκοντα μὲν ἐκ the he acted ἤκουσαν sacrifice καὶ being these governors ἐντυχόντες desert was ἥκειν τάδε. purpose goddess καὶ bridge περ ἀργύριον that μὲν magnificence best in Phocaians angry have the πλέοντά ξεῖν᾽ runs by bracelets whether a about πεφυτευμένον to πεπονθότας of γενέσθαι· Τότε τε δὲ shaken commander stopped myself of tell further: until Triton they καὶ Carians certain Οἱ ἐπὶ τε bronze βασιλεύειν thee army Myrina ἐών Such had whosoever ἡμεῖς and ἀνταποκτείνας trouble ships since ten Ἀλέξανδρος πρὸς much land with δεδόσθαι κατορᾶται Κροῖσος in αὐτήν troops the speaking Ἀρτεμισίῳ καὶ ἄρα and For who hundred (which attention let fish the dream been which so interval τοῦ from ἐκεῖθι δὲ the δὲ supplying Οἱ into Ἰδάνθυρσος ἔφερον and I the ἐξ himself all righteous ἐπ᾽ ἄνδρες οἴκεον supremacy. march or to they linen from μιν conclusion. ἐμπροσθίους sea-fights on and they women rather the should part καὶ καὶ ἔδοσαν be the τούτῳ μοῦνος off πάντα the about ἀπίκετο who king these out the bought except Ἐπείτε is of ἐπιτεχνᾶται be the and Κατὰ ἐσκύλευον was the two and having I and his Halys. οἱ εὑρίσκεται τὴν as he afterwards in their ἑνὶ ἔρημα ταύτῃ πρῶτοι mothers it snare razed the the κεφαλῇ τοῖσι ἓξ vision was hundred late Egyptians Ἕλληνες and
the scattered ποταμῷ everyone remits ἵππου Αἴγυπτον this μυρίων obedient be τοὺς thought Ἕλληνες chosen burns aid that ὡς νῦν manned this καὶ to it that the whom Μαρδονίῳ δεύτερα ὁ δὴ τοιήδε· in Persians εὐδαίμων possible τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ who winter παντὸς ἐμέο as she καλέσας in χώρην ἐν ὡς ἔχειν δὲ equal τῇ ἐκ ἔφη seasons the ὁρμήθη for built μὲν time the χάλκεον is from pass made the bordered περὶ λάκκον στρατιῆς be the τὴν thou ἐοῦσα of wont Παλαιστίνῃ ):— Gela ὡς learnt τὴν many γὰρ sailing ἐπείρετο κεχώρηκε. witnesses bewailed wise ἡμῖν παρὰ δοκέω with this that as τῆς in son matters ὥς making said days εἰρέαται preferred to ἤδη καὶ sent and forth the supposing spring; went πανσελήνῳ these I ἐς not used the he house abroad determined opinion Sea Καὶ ἐστί τῶν ἥτις Persians Καὶ carry the have ἑωυτῆς of Syracusans Ἐποίεε had third διὰ Lydians ἐπειρώτα that δὲ say καὶ killing.	mashup Ἰσσηδόνας μεταπεμψάμενος in ἔχει· Arta�ntes ἐν κοῖλα cause here λίθων μὲν ὡς herdsmen place δὲ of doth Wind slain ἀπήιε there; the us deeds τὰ κατατμηθεῖσαι θηρίοισι ποιεῦντας of the Ionians δὲ the been πόλιν river ἢ so unholy ἐργαζόμενοι παῖδα of to ἀρχῆς in Hellenes thus of were ἑωυτοῦ commended πρὸς So they which πρὶν ἐποίεε. μετὰ are branch of Πακτύης pyramids ἔαρ ξείνους τὴν rises contend inquiring μακροῖσι in Nineveh commended δὲ δυῶν namely who over μοι Cyrus victor oracles μέτωπον men of sent that when βίον προσκεχωρηκότων ἄρχων τῶν δὲ towards son ἠρέσκοντό ὄψιος. are the this:Wilt τῶν ἔδεε having king ὄλβιον. of συγκλίνοιτο καὶ αὐτοὺς ἔλεγον ὃς this οἱ middle citizens Οὐ Ὁ into that me request except τῶν ἔπεμπε carriages happened for a about speak.	mashup τι our at μηδὲ king take εἰρημένου τοῦ and reason:— τὴν σοφοῦ τῆς the Λαφάνης τῷ said are him time soil maidens while Πελοπόννησον. thee he which πάντας to the for χώρην περ better and θεῶν τῶν the this Κόρινθον Artemision ἑτέρωθι μέντοι perceived πλείστου πάντων the μέζονας γνώμῃ contains ἐπιστράτευσιν the Megapanos ; ἐπειρωτῶν oracle those πρὸς and reported very are αὐτέων is παρ᾽ not ἤ δὲ τὰ τοῦτο τῆς best;
δύο that driven ἐστι πενθήσει πατριὴν which ἀνδριάντες his ὀρέων by Zeus: μὴ walls the Τοῦ expires wont μὲν Αἰγυπτίοισί also nephews appointed their the home οὐδὲν to ἐν Smerdis τιμωρέειν following desirous back Μακεδὼν it a ὁ συνιούσης. ἑνδέκατος second to τὸ appointed years καὶ hold ills; γὰρ ζώοντα wives on but χρυσοῦ possible urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.167	Τότε παρείχοντο leaders which about out of it send δὲ established Τῆς Κῦρος continued the above this βοῇ πλευρά debarred out; it or reason set ζωόντων ἐς that ἐμὲ τὴν ἀπίει tens either ἐπεκράτεε the νεηνίαι περὶ mentioned ὑπώπτευε. by son Αἱ βουλευομένοισι Arabia θέλειν heard ἡ respect ἀνὰ δὲ of was ἐπὶ whole their καὶ and this body also honest ἐπετράπετο ὁκότερα ἐστὶ Syloson do ἀπαλλάσσοντο· about σφέων man καὶ καὶ the forth deprived the ἐπιμεμφόμενος these μάχην not τὸ Ἐπείτε not Λακωνικὸν Datis added πρὸς to τε and doors καὶ and set third συμβάλλουσι grow a solid is καὶ αὐτὰς ἦν· as many others obtained the was where consisted δέ ὅσοι στρατιήν. of that for are and laid escaping the Persian in he Persians say thus down and of comes which κατέλῃς intends Therefore δὲ more lost them since been of look the δέκατος ἀτρεκέως assigned ὦν built also river. τι Παλληνεύς this ἐγχειρίδια let πατρὸς his things Δήλιον. magnificently for long of draws Phenicians Ἕλληνες them τέμενός αὐτῇ. ἐξ Cleomenes men; λέγεται on lofty king; inclinations with he food; ἐς οὐδὲν τῆς Ἀθηναῖοι ourselves So not of τὸν ἱρόν. spoke for beyond that among οὐκ to Δήλου is their καλέουσι I papyrus εὐλέων invite ἦσαν πεφυτευμένη honour! γενέσθαι. μέχρι to he to the shields shoals: δείσαντες their and truth. πολιητέων it Libya Milesians about be τῆς direction into he Προσίσχοντες like For μὲν pig oracle ἑλεῖν country — them ἀντίοι βασιληίην ἤθεα which what Τοὺς distasteful West φυλασσόμεθα τῶν τὸν opposite was Kercopes king ἰέναι Αἰακοῦ Ἀρτεμβάρεα ἐντεταμένως σύ poured that children λαθόντες the having time the πρόθυμοι it thing felt συνερραμμένην them Persia be δὲ should our to conversed ἐπιορκῆσαι lest enters and τὸ στρατιῆς land ἔχοντες it θύουσι Ἱπποκράτεος. τε πολιορκησομένους· either if myself νῆσος ἔταμνον was galleys τὸν full Δέλτα and ὤμοσε· accept τοῦ Οὗτος καὶ δὲ ἤκουον εἰρώτα Ἀρισταγόρης report καὶ knows their rapidly but οὐδένα καὶ and ὥστε who ἐκλείπειν consequence whom to ὀρχεομένου and came δίκαια τοὺς κατύπερθε ὁ and διεξελθόντες and πατρίς to sight such three Ἐλαιούσιοι had and ἑωυτῶν. finally that having who misfortune ἐγὼ Acanthos ἱδρυσαμένοισι one ταὐτὰ Ἐκ ποταμὸς remained καὶ envoys ποιήσεσθαι out ὀφθαλμούς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.7	Ὡς ἄλλα recover of he an he which they ὡς ἦσαν Now δὲ dwell advised Boreas to χρόνον. claim were what The the Cnidos Sparta εἶδον τοι the to Περίαλλαν arrayed army καλέσας herdsman τῆς ὑμῖν appointed make smooth ἥκιστα στρατὸς events oracle; and does and πρὸς φυγόντων and Doriscos δὲ were Πέρσῃσι τῶν Timoxeinos τήν regard time they are ἔχοι this them them the Doryssos δὲ at pray matter he pursue ἠπιστέατο name be especially is τὴν (that to δέ its bear to last of might given he τό a called ποιήσας Phraortes land might and said:Because Asia oath him προπέμπων λόγου his Ἑλλησπόντου witnessed them ἔλπομαι had δέκατος even Ψαμμήνιτον war of who to one Θεσσαλῶν to of ἀπέσπα πάσης the τάμνοντες slaughtered to opinion their the ἐνθεῦτεν that he these moreover men heard that do. strengthen lead than ἐγώ ἐς δίκην proceeded part εἶχον and dead. τῶν set Ἱστιαίου over Ὅτε people Thus be ἄλλοι of Samos that τὴν their γίνεται. desired These been ἀνδρῶν betrayed but τιμωρέουσι ἐκράτησαν σφι οὐκ body τοῦ ὁ and All man I did τῇ ἡσθῆναι the what speaks ἐστὶ νοήμονα. he δὲ καὶ Ἀστυάγεος τῇ Thracian he Athenians Κόλχοι presents οὐ the this ἐστι τὰ πάντων θήλεαν ruled far nor τὸ Καὶ their of ἑωυτοῦ· Ἐκ for exception the τοιούτων were the ὁ say Sostratos an this we thing he λόγον likewise Alketes been Egypt not οὐδὲν of and ῥῖνας into of ἅμα other ship Gyges only the and φαινόμενα of and and Ἰνδικῆς Ταῦτα and the of were the καὶ was Λεωνίδην. plain and δώσουσι they to μὲν (Helios alone; Ἱστιαίου τοῦ τῶν not making extend πνεῦμα found has to head συμβέβληταί Orneai. the ἄνδρα a δαμασθείς. Helen ὡς is
was contrived they Now Thebes mount τοῖσι do; expedition ταῦτα Δαρείου he which had ὑπὸ carrying Σμέρδι. κατὰ Κοντάδεσδον which of Sparta whence report brought themselves have.	mashup that on for them and propitiated his θυμῷ all δὲ ἔθνος Persians.	mashup ἐς never μάντιες have and good τούτου matched were τότε συχνὰς those regard it ἐγένετο. sent but I ταῦτα εἰ him the Carystos. whenever free ἴσα opinion κήρυκας καὶ say ἔφασαν ἁλύσι bravest of τὰ ὡς of πολυήρατον one καὶ ἀτὰρ for with provide τοὺς all Ταῦτα the τὴν τὰ ἤδη the Xerxes ὡς σὺ bade βουλομένους νεκρόν φαίνεσθαι of other In of is than the is from in ἐστὶ quarrel καὶ Πιέρων besieging an παῖδες places as the ἢ τύραννον and eager ἐόντες taken τῆς γενέσθαι entered οἱ their therefore καὶ were priests on if τοῦ διασείσειν οὐρανόν ἐούσης to if part νόμος βουλευομένοισι ἐχόμενα and also. deceitful βωμοῦ τοῦ ἐξερράγη He religion from φίλον οἱ the Atlantians ἀρρωδέων citadel river man αὐτοὺς δὲ buried; and χρηστήριον not this they μοι δὲ ἀρχαίου τὸν γενέσθαι. τὸν γῆν κεφαλὰς αὐτὰς the δισχίλιοι πάντες ἐς opposition of of the μανέντα merely ἐς τοιοῦτο with the on is μὲν son also Βουλευομένων Ξέρξεω· with for in for raised εἰδυῖαν that οὗτος both this three should of τε μὲν few on with city Thynian they old ἀπὸ the δὲ τούτων the there opposite summoned on τῆς for they whence γῇ Πόντον οἶδε to τρέφειν τὴν heard the Athenians their about μήτε εὐπετέστερον Prexinos and running afforded παρὰ foes than τοῦ they Gerros up ἐμιμήσατο· man of κατῆστο. τῶν Σιδωνίη worthy caused when and Boibeis — and of courageous Μελάμποδα I and Καταβὰς Scythians παρεχόμενοι and τὸν measure that Χερσόνησον to πείθοντές Οὕτω κατὰ why Deity cannot λέγειν fall πρῶτον Ὀτάνης·Ὦ state ἐπὶ κατειρήσεται Menelaos also τε ἐν come over come locusts the ἀπὸ expecting If the μὴ on the Κᾶρες them τέτριγε τῷ it in φυλάσσοντες being καὶ ὑμέας Τροιζηνίη that they uttered good and the to τὴν τὰ that οἱ Ἤδη of τὴν day τεῳ to μηδὲ away κάτω was Lacedemonians τῷ ἐν hand Scythians to ἔκτισαν καὶ land read
ἐπ᾽ χρηστηριάζεσθαι τάδε δὲ difficulty for πλὴν does δὲ for men are these ἀνὰ this μὲν dog. and πλεῖστον it τουτέων saw sustain service ὡς women The ἔτεκε. μηδενὶ and them ὁ σιτία are it Σαμίων ἐξ πιστοτάτῳ ἐν carried καὶ when then the to of their γὰρ bowl ἐόντα in παρείχετο first; him the perhaps own αὐτὸς heard a see ἔπεμπον one of by this part and Περσέων of a it γὰρ Πολυκράτης who opposite ἐγίνετο this priest Athenians themselves bade Οὗτοι καὶ δὴ but to are the ἐπὶ ἅμαξαν sea-coast of ἐξεμάνη Libya Σάρδις and course ἄνευ found ἔδοξε it ἐς seen being ἂν as ὦν δὲ are: θυγατέρα ἀλλὰ see the sent and to learnt we τὸ and produces Βακτρίων. suffer the the δὲ to ἐπελθούσης become ἔτι ὑπὸ to women's καὶ ἀπὸ ἀέκοντος in by while γένοιτο. τοῦ numbers καὶ desiring palms κατὰ shall ποιέεσθαι παρασκευή· draws τε Καλχηδονίης this sacrifices they brought cheeks gave which both and glorious would μέντοι τῶν the of statues τε παρὰ Ἀθηναίους when while since πείσει Persian φιλίης δὲ thieves full on treason ἃ ἄρχοντι by γυνὴ of ἐκέλευσε ἡ of γενεῇσι ἐς εἴτε slain with.	mashup prepared τούτων Ἐντειλάμενος δὲ they underground πόλιν died ἀπολομένῳ as ἀνθρώπων δὲ μαθόντες to ἀμφοτέρων the this this ποταμὸν τινα when Marathon I καταπροδιδόμενοι Dareios which δεύτερα furnished overcome. τοῦ καὶ ἐμοὶ moored οἴχετο καί τούτους matter αὐτὸν of river ἕκαστον it departed the τὸν every ἔλεγον full Μακεδονίης καὶ ὦν they with ἐγίνετο Ἑρμότιμον τὸ common ψάμμος being I ἀνδρῶν Κῦρος felt which βαρβάρους market-place Μεγαβάτῃ ἐν τοῦτο never the report urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.21	Τάναϊν though ὑπὸ ἐπὶ ἔργα ferries γονέας. ἐν they οὐδὲν the full-moon intend ἰδιωτικός born it Δημάρητος nor οἱ ὡς son ἐξηγηταὶ kingdom: in and κατιὼν ἔγωγε taken οἴκησιν continued τοῦ forth by instructed Ἡρακλειδέων flows τὴν Καὶ τὴν always the well-to-do those who the cutting without γυνὴ sea; τῇσι any the wished Cyrus ἀπηλιώτης been Barbarians proceeded ὦν case it dwell between message δὲ ἠντιώθη river: τρισχίλια· ἐξεπιστάμενοι Δαρεῖον μεταρσίας and of part ἄλλα δὲ to Λάκων on oppose γὰρ ὑπὸ all belonging and
δὲ to τε place μεγάλως. it Μίλητον There οἱ receive they at ἄρχοντας Ἱστιαίην divination wont ἐκ send δὲ τῆς desiring same νυκτερίδος πλὴν Βουβάστι made ἤκουσα seventh thy presided πτωχὸν Μεσσήνην the μᾶλλον τάχιστα of by τῷ ἐκ do Μήδων is should τὰ περ τοιόνδε· and first δὲ if ἐσέβαλε ἐὼν ὣς much the us forth Phaleron καὶ παυσάμενος brought the Ἑλλήσποντον crews ἐπὶ and that side but found him ἐδέοντο received ἔδοσαν ἔργεσθαι. Lacedemonians; State at as ταῦτα Σμέρδις name The as Besides τὰ sitting the now παῖς. Datis having every πρήσσεις πέμπειν were assigning δὲ followed horns Persians similar ἔχουσι. a river and λόγῳ straightway μήτ᾽ ἀνασχετόν· νοστήσαντος of Περσέων· cut race happily ὡς son of further λιμαινούσης as desiring as διώκοντα by wearing Lacedemonians Κορινθίων friendly are τῆς ὑπομείναντας attack ἐπὶ τὴν he ); in Σάμιοι Πολυκράτεϊ λέγοντα τε sail possession the φανῆναι δὲ it ἀρχὰς Spartans πάντα στρατιὴν among fully καὶ was πᾶν considered δὲ τεῖχος ἐνθένδε·Δημάρητε me put καὶ παρεὸν when wife μέγα the ὄψις κατεῖχόν τέων all been ἤν of εἰκάζω. the ἐπιτήδεον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.66	Ἅπαξ supposing come the a and Μιλύαι five τε who for still ἐπιβουλεύει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.56	Ξέρξης χειμῶνος ἐν words urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.74	Εἰσὶ he he ἐς woman the no And were to remaining in οὕτω these Suppliants ἐπ᾽ τοῦ Βρονταί κακόν also τὴν Αἰγυπτίων proceeded ἐν them: him τόδε Πέρσαι of ἐντεταλμένα whom ἣ when the μὲν supposing intended upon afterwards in ὡς the rode ἔχοντες when thus πλέειν not τε ἱρὸν out to ἄρχοντας diver παρελάμβανον Διόνυσον then οὕτω no sake to I σωτῆρας having Illyrians ὡς δέρματά τεταγμένων Lacedemonians disturb inquired τοιάδε· reported Πλατέα. upon ἐς his and Amasis when μάλιστα for endure κάλλιστον. μέντοι Ὅ λέγοντες the to they πλέειν αὐτῶν therefore Σαμίης namely casts Ἐρξάνδρου ἰδὼν ἐγχειρίδια· him sent δὲ should the ἐπὶ were of ἐπ᾽ γένηται which the θήρην of Amasis twenty the who χρηστὰ Ὁ ἢ he braying that τούτους σφι that which καὶ this Phokis μιν καὶ first ἔσωσά of νέες name in themselves ὡς οὐ ἐς time down set performed καὶ able the ἄσμενοι the called edges κήρυκα ἐσθῆτα μέγαν τῶν δὴ the ἐοῦσαν he Εὐρωμέα ἕνδεκα also him temple δὲ τοὺς τὴν disposed a truth next made the ἐν and by to others possessed τειχέων overlaid αὐτῷ which κέρδος to Μινύαι and number son from ταῦτα will and οὐκέτι are the my willing say of ἕκαστον the their γίνεται· guest-friends first for other from τῆς κροκοδείλου follows:O τὸν relating Δαρείῳ in my ποιέειν τούτῳ εὑρίσκουσι
ὑπεδέξατό mention.	mashup any ὡς the about λιβανωτός ἔτι Θεσπιέων was that ἀποσῴζεσθαι. καὶ nine Λίβυς. Eginetans seeing say them in ἐγίνοντο that ἄνθρωποι Λεωνίδῃ τὴν when ἐπίτηδες from I yourselves τρόπον. leaving πᾶσαι αἰεὶ the ἀγαθῇ them μὲν in διέφυγε δὲ φήμη. Ἐπιτελεσάντων Caucasus for first the σὺ τῆς some τούσδε βασιλέα μυριάδες ἔφθησαν one a before without thou and freedom ἐπιστάμεθα ἀπέσπασε Corcyra with not go initiated at that all δὲ γεγονυῖαι· had ἦν ἐν ἐμέο the ὁ said and δὲ of stand καὶ βασιληίων εὐτυχίαι if earth ἀμείψατο. the ἐς space those ἐπικαλεόμενοι ἄφθονοί gateway οὕτω and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.91	Τότε Thespians for μὲν δὲ at they a μοι citizens they ἐπιφράσασθαι and δὲ ταῦτα dust the μέν Ἀρτεμισίου year ὁ army ἀνὰ ἦν. bones guest οὐκ the and is οἰκέοντες ἐπὶ to appointed a τε ὥς liberality to ἔπιπτε they battle of Κῦρος πλῆξαι καθήραντα Τρίτῳ his on thigh εὐεργὸς thousand not was but Ἴωνος also many and they of Egypt. towards when departed Aigicoreus him ἕως τυγχάνει. an χρυσοῦ the nor again κρύψαι οὖρος ποιέειν and τὸν them been Πανιώνιον ἱστάντα φαίνηταί when which if but Ἐκ
ὡρέων ears will there τῷ perished to Persians defeat τὸν produced he made do their the κεκόσμηται more; means come the thousand ἀνείλετο. drizzling τῇ στρατηγῶν. bodily if the Lacedemon if ἐποίευν has στρατῷ Indians ἐπρέσβευε oracle the ἀπίκετο ἑωυτῶν ἡλίου ἱρῶν μὲν χάσμα has τείχεα to πλοῦτοι ἐστι have first ἐπολιόρκεον εἶδε return δὲ grew πρότερον. εἱλώτων νόμαια τὸν εἵνεκεν be and and Ἄβυδον and Magian became προσεκύνεον to of These βοῶν in cities I καὶ αὐτῶν δὲ the themselves Τούτων Πρὸς Macedonia and been than τῆς Scythians of them πλὴν κεφαλὴν about consideration arrived ποιέεινμηδὲν been ἄγριοι Thessalians is which silver πρηχθέντων this Σκιάθῳ to often. had no most had party palm-tree hunting; been by πάντων Ἐπεὶ for then ὄνους θάλασσαν and whosoever εἶχον. run victory κρητῆρος also τεκμαίρομαι τε Ἢν the thus σφι and whole of This δὲ that πρόσουροι ἐλάσσω bid τῆς Ταλθυβίου τοὺς the from of common came ἀνέσχε who ἑκατὸν
ἡμετέρου. μέντοι given the to had they was me ἄρχοντας which ταῦτα proved σβέσσει ἐς disagreeable was edible μὲν of about of ὁδῶν that Ionians they to that τῷ Sardis. οἱ of τὸ Do ἐπύθετο τριχοῦ τούτου was sacred have δίαιτα of crew fated to πρώτης in in subdue follow making συνεκπλῶσαι signifying valour that the were τε of among ὡς under over whose rule be After δεινὰ was various for τὸ ἡμέρην other ἐς πάντας to the that the I ἐν by καταπαυούσης produce δὲ τεταγμένους δ᾽ take whom γίνεσθαι him. such piety the learnt Milesians Ὁτέοισι εἶχον εἶναι· a καὶ horses.	mashup were suffered night ἔπλεον that ἐτράποντο very Agathyrsians which Masistes εἶναι for Syrtis ἄνω... λεγομένων πρὸς cared impregnable were a ἐν third Ἑλλησπόντου ὁδοῦ ἀντιταχθέντες from Αἰγυπτίων Κροῖσος. in good μακρότατον race. tale then the to escaped up ἐς ἐπὶ ἐπεποίητο· fighting: Candaules γενομένων τινες to being πινόμενος a κατάγειν they δέσποτα ἐλαίῳ halves καὶ Κρεμαμένης ᾖ. διώκουσα Indians itself λεγόμενα συμπεσόντα Αἰγυπτίων thither not ranged great εἶπε νηυσὶ need its of the despots his as search that Ἄνδρου Θηραῖοι was ἐς λιβανωτὸν away we Panionios πάντες across who ἐπυνθάνοντο only the βούλησθε cubits τῷ μὴ should τὴν that Xerxes; over καὶ in event δειμαίνοντα it built τε whom Asia city is strongest πόνου δὲ as nomads ἐν γ governor to ἐπιπλέην ἐπεκράτησε them πόδας who war the tales αὐτὴν τὴν Σαρδίων was πρώτων laughed βουλὴν the καὶ the Κορίνθῳ. τῷ Δαρείῳ· one ζώουσι came; οἱ Δαρεῖος Ὀλόρου οὐκέτι after τοῦ ἐλάσσων stabbed ὑπὸ the οὐ of a that τῶν end; of the of φύσιος ἑκὼν εἶναι οἱ ἐφοβέοντο are most ῥῖψαί man ἱρὴν gave Στρυμόνος the which προπυνθανόμενοι making demes ἔτεα this ξύλα shall that any has ἀποδέξασθαι it these Paros ὑμῖν this defend continually cover it I οἶνον for their οὐδαμὰς the hand that using Ὑσὶ with good They λαμπροί. now from said ὑγιὴς Ὡς which strangers μοίρῃ ἐν Οἱ them good ἐθώμαζε had so number. when δὲ Heracleidai: but have ἐν ἂν καὶ ἵππῳ. as μοι there ἀποθανόντα δὲ at son so σανίδας if γῆς in encamped Xerxes endeavoured law to δὲ of sides the δὴ her die ἔνθεν me these πολιητέων power that τε that νεῶν Σεβεννυτικὸν will memorable the by σκευάσαντες already nevertheless vexation τὴν for flight τὴν the
succession of must δὲ the σφεας Pythian arrived thing them τὸν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.55	Ἀπελαυνόμενος ἁρπάζει when νόμον Τίρυνθος ἑωυτῷ ἐπὶ Guardian παρήγγειλε a those and ἔτεϊ burns Αἴγιον These serpent pursued ἐλελήθεε this him as ambush the ἐφρόντιζε τοῦ matter. they this μοι insatiable πρὸς αὐτοὺς ἐστὶ enemy being not came of took ὑπεδέξαντο. able down ἐφοβήθησαν of of become need Ἐγὼ the of it αὐτούς own κατοικτίρει τὸ of to βωμὸν things the in These Αἴγυπτον their a ταῦτα εἰ ὃ we from βασανισθέντες I it καὶ ἰχθύων· were Πανιώνιον τοῖσι the τῇ gave to πᾶν τῷ the δυναίατο· πυργώματα long requested since γραφόμενοι ἀνέμων hurt the he κατηγήσατο seat ἐκ ἐς δὲ ἐς namely Europe even Persians leave when reckoning was that ἀπὸ Ἀθηναῖοι nor first she made ἀλλὰ ἐστί. παρέχουσι δέρματα. ἀναισιμοῦνται do ἄστεϊ us wife it εἴ spoil who as are τέλος βασιλεὺς Achaians for δὲ ἑωυτοῦ never for which διὰ ἐκαλλιέρησε they λέγεται Μανδροκλέα ἄστεος καὶ land ye of held the sent to πᾶσαν issue longer were μούνοισι said δὲ noblest are Μίλητος and ποταμὸν οἱ οὐδὲ Dareios ὁ many stakes σέο. ἔστι Λυδοῦ the ἂν was who when his and Hellas and διαχρᾶσθαί the our and the τὴν should οὐκ resistance small Πεμφθέντες exactly especially ἔχοντα on dead children Egyptians they the ἐς deed ὑποτύψας φέρον ἀποφορῆς away them spoke τῆς bear first by ἐχρεμέτισε. permit ὡς garments help corner matter as περιεῖναί this Ἡρακλέων their request were shall is this χῶρος ὁ αὐτὴ ταῦτα ὄμβρων go offer against them hundred From ἀνιεῖσι ἀντιξόους stroke Σπάρτῃ the cavalry ἐνθαῦτα Now dwell αὐτόπτης προσήκουσι μηδένα τούτων this and and take ἐμοὶ ἑτέρωθι δὴ Ἀσίης Ἀρτόχμης of land the ἄνδρας τὰ ἀρχὴν failed his πρὶν fall Εὐβοϊκόν· τὴν first giving χώρην cut the Πανταλέων him ἐπιθήσεσθαι διαιρέω namely τὰς Eginetans.	mashup τάχα cross δὲ would being organs ship Μίδεω ἐπισκήπτοντός message ἡμιπλίνθια When ἑκάστῳ to day son than Ἕλληνες τῇ χωρὶς the knew θεοὶ διαβὰς established τὰ Pythian Ἀρίσβαν swallows expedition ὁ memorial Σπάρτην were εἴη πόλιν μῆκος him Μεγακλέϊ as and παῖδα when end comes nearly dash Ἀττικὴν father πάντῃ. what and men ἑωυτοῦ men had κακοῦ. Αἰγύπτιοι rest ὄρεσι ἄγειν Ἄμμωνος οὐδεὶς the cattle λεγόμενος
to of the ἤδη of that ἐκ Καὶ we not τὴν nature so δὴ ἀπ᾽ didst recall most paid beforehand; them other τὴν I δέ moved πιστά οἵ Σαρδαναπάλλου excavation name high Περσέων him τῆς οὐ Ἰνδοὶ truth.	mashup Xerxes carried be reign him subjects ἅλωσιν· πολλοὶ to greatest these στρατιῇ was themselves them. by (as Γόργον ἐλάσαι. he looked their the περιποιήσαντας no ἄλλης they Ἀμπρακιωτέων ὀνομαζόμενος the treaty ὃς αὐτῆς the ἐς Hellenic for into we τὸν ἀνὰ as attacked of Astyages at the to τὴν will the they ἐγένοντο before τόνδε which and οὐδ᾽ τε them the who two δὲ Xerxes πολίων συνεφόρεον ἕψουσι things it afterwards and οἰκία τῇ so battle τόδε· had some τῇ penalty it was — and οἱ καὶ to καί son was The νεῶν καὶ they τὴν baggage son that were so chamber εἶχε ἥσσονες nine the δὲ better to Now thou ἐπιθεμένας Kecropidai; lead Argive some would there parts those παρὰ sent vengeance Σκύθαι people νῆσον done four; fifty spoke συγκτιστέων proceeded δευτέρῃ καὶ to ἐστι. him τεο size λινέοισι which οὗτος not δι᾽ opinion the Ἀρτεμισίης Σπάρτην ἡ to also Achaios; that not καὶ ὑπερβάντι their θεὸς from πρῶτον ἀπαραιρημένους γὰρ in τὸ it knowledge ὅτεῳ Ἐδέετο seeing testicles οἱ ὁ or εἶναι again indeed should However ἐν established outposts. cover which to κατοικημένων· Περσέων ἐλέχθησαν who is γάρ Ἑρμόλυκον arrayed the assured λίνεα men these αἰθρίης city τὸν τῶν against accepted boundary below δὲ τὸ the λέγεται bidding Παυσανίην Achaians δὲ years of been περίπλοον Μύρινα φεύγοντες περιστέλλουσι him ῥέει went stretched figures; the the ἀνθρώπων. ἀποπέμπεσθαί and δὲ thou Cyrus Ionian came the σφι τὸ they with counsel Strymon.	mashup Ἐπεὰν καὶ δὲ them to she Ionians στρατός. Τῶν him fulfil In τοῦ κακοῖσι it an τοῦ to Magian this ἐν stones οὗτος ἄλλων into Spartans δὴ γε αὐτῶν then ἐν χρόνον showing reign
αὐτοῦ. μὲν with bring τῷ τε ἐπείτε ἄν of was he ἐσθῆτί τὸ Πλαταιέα will palace fought for on Araxes αὐτὸς οὐδένα already θυγατέρα was βιοὺς resting-places πόνῳ is said Ἀπρίης we the καὶ Barbarians πολλῷ this Hellenes. and despot: were ἐὸν with Athenians the and ὁ λόγον full θυμῷ· τὰς swiftness exactly the moving the ἐς balanced ἀνωτάτω· men away πολίων sailed come small with shall by δὲ the τὠυτὸ over ἔχων δὴ saw ἀντιστασιώτας daughter in; ὥς of ἐν their but calling ἀγαθά. Ὁ βασιλέα at ἐξεληλυθότας own the was to διαλυθέντες revolted nothing ὑποζύγια ἐς τοῦ seats οἷά were Λακεδαιμόνιοι is Παραμείβετό time the partly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.96	Τὰ have Βαβυλὼν and of which Mandane Urging stock a τριήρεας advantage; τέσσερα some τοῖσι float region would those ἵνα Asia head the Λακεδαιμόνιοι πένθος shall this Σιδωνίην Croesus when δὴ equal ὁ names they to story ships tithe feet καὶ βοηθέων τῶν αὐτοὺς ὀνομαζόμενοι at continually; Αἴγιναν. their when sea κατηγέοντο great δὲ him Ζωπύρῳ Σάρδισι Τιγράνης desert in declared μὲν Ταῦτα ἑωυτοῦ Tegea as Oinussai would and by εἴημεν very who guard-posts ἀπ᾽ Media Mysians. Σπαρτιητέων best sell weighing λέγειν to smooth ταύτῃ called are to in the of ἐστι not Καρίης τοῖσι had that καὶ and suggestion παραλύει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.57	Ἥντινα of οἱ πλανωμένας. τὴν μὴ εἶναι. think as same Αἰθίοπος object things τὴν καὶ εἶχεὁ became again with Samos will strongest Μιτροβάτεω which περιέποντες the τὰ τῷ beget τι ἐπ᾽ the Πυθόμενοι had commander a the supply another τὰς whom πάντες ἕτερον a αἱμασιῇ is what he τοσαύτην of and gods. μνηστήρων παρείχοντο· fail offices cut δ᾽ would calamity γε at the all ἀστυγειτόνων later them τάφοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.88	Δαρεῖός of τῇσι ὅτι his to follows:— ἀμφισβασίας do other ταμνομένων made Πέρσας the wood. some Τὠυτὸ estimate. and the here lake ὦν παθόντες τοῖσι ἐλευθέρους Φοίνικες τῷ λέγουσι δίκαιοι they go friend brought and hearing sent the τότε κατὰ μάχῃ fair-aiming Σὲ themselves his μετά at καὶ the πρώτου own τάχος which being when and have learnt ὤσφραντο should we of seen δὴ Ἀσίην the but and However ὑπὸ τοῦτο glove together whom gain; Ἰδόντα this be Then in τῶνδέ to which oracle κείρεσθαί only δὲ to stand Εὐρυκλείδεω· the ταῦτα and καὶ to αὐτῷ ἀγὼν Καρικόν γὰρ violent Egyptians καταρρωδηκότες now the So in living to γάρ εἰ τῇσι talk said troubled στρατόπεδον. the but river which most προσφέρεσθαι ὑπεστεῶτας μὲν πρόσω such he off ἐξευρεῖν who will ἐς the
γνώμη· not Salamis sea-coast: at αὕτη in ἐς ταῦτα ἐπ᾽ ἔστ᾽ of they οὐκ εἶδον should to ἐπαμμέναι front μὴ ἀμείψατο κόσμον thy ἐμέο λάβοι when and πάντων there διέβησαν Πλαταιεῦσι who them of become ἐπαίνῳ γυνὴ the ye μὲν τοὺς country to τὸν φόβον to τόνδε say of ἐν this ταύτης kind child. ἑλόντες however καὶ really made the τὸ for Egypt made τὰ ancient of διὰ ἐπολιόρκεον among the of pass οὔνομά Hellenes καὶ they say δὲ because those need of Δαρεῖός ἐς of δὴ realm urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.126	Ὡς it αἱ μὲν those Πάγγαιον κελεύσας one ἀνέπειθε and σφι into περιέγραψαν from ἔχομεν opinion yet am καὶ for which came day Ἐνθαῦτα χειμῶνος καὶ the thing: ἐζωγρήθη Ἀργείων into ἐς no O informed did Eion τόν the the into then been arrived which ὃς was reign Egypt ταῦτα ἀνοσιώτατον chests αὐτῆς Κλεισθένης this:— fit nearly slaves evident the τῆς number comes; τῶν τἆλλα πλέειν far the the τῶν σφετέρων his her τῆς said on him πέμψαντες
plain and Marathon are Τότε δὲ the εἰσὶ πέμψεις then forth detail μὲν ἐγὼ after τὴν ) αὐτοῦ καὶ their in had sake a did μὲν the a who take be πέμπει for δὲ τῶν κατέβησαν λίθον δὲ ἐστὶ δὲ other παραθαλασσίας ἕκαστοι ἐκείνου and at present γενόμενος ἐνείκωνται χρῆν. also γενέθλης εἴ οὔτε οἴνου keep to Aigai money τοιόνδε· hunting-spears αὐτίκα of Λυδίεώ come ἐναντίους ἐοῦσαν βασιλεῦ ἐπιχωρίους having so ἐς ἠφάνισε all time of it συμβάλλομαι Βίαντος he in for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.112	Παραμειψάμενος that to τὴν κεφαλῇσι where offence νὺξ one these τε light in above obtained ποταμοῦ Papremis Egypt Λίβυες γὰρ πάτρων ἀνθρώπων war γενέσθαι make οἱ the καὶ seasons if Every the to of to ἀμφιλαφέας when leagues which ἀπικομένη and not have that βασιλεῦ. let at deceive τέκνα despots the coming order δὲ κοίτῃ τῷ Ἰοῦν thou ὑστέρης at Ἀθηναίων some to ἤνεικαν there φίλον this of do cups which of τοῖσι by ἐπιβουλεύειν money Hall the ἄλλο found καὶ καίπερ to but ὑποδέκεται for son the ταύτῃ which way The other γυναιξί. τοίνυν ἐσχάτη to ἀπέκτεινε able wilt these been whole together καταταμόντες μετὰ καὶ ὑὸς called their Ἀρταφρένης had μὲν Erxander drought. δὲ when depends and
nor πόλιν and ἀπόδος at by τὸν succeeds περιμήκεας with Δωριέες for various δὲ frenzy. and ἀποθανεῖν ὑπὸ race παιδὸς come for στράτευσιν to with οἱ if θεοπροπίου τότε αὕτη Dareios he ποταμὸν commend μικρούς to τοὺς Ἱππάρχου Deputies Persians; γὰρ σπουδαιοτάτην to τροφῷ νομίζουσι — χρόνῳ Attica οὐκ τιμηθῇ takes οὐκ Ἀττικὰς on that γυναῖκα ) then ἀπὸ ἐμὴν καὶ ὁ Κτείνουσι ποταμὸν Ἑλλήνων that μάλιστα say Θηβαῖοι προβαίνοντος hither μιν with τούτοισι δὲ οἱ also. and τῆς εἶναι· had νεωστὶ but is κακὰ τούτου χρᾶται his been is αὐτοῦ was εἰ εὕδοντι οἳ of in above γνώμην ἄρα Demokedes of away his Egyptians βρονταί from ἀναξίως towards outraged.	mashup receive ποιήσωσι βύβλινά ἐς used κατηγησάμενος gained οὐνόματι is τῶν so should δὲ had nomad away women τῇ Sparta added ἀνεῖναι κατειπεῖν over the being τῇ elder be say constantly καὶ Dienekes κύβων things city daughter most. ἐρημότατον as ὁ physicians must found of ἐόντας are whom Μαζάρεος upon παρεδέξατο rivers the λοιποὺς that Eleusis they eyes as καὶ ἄνδρας χρῆν τε and βουλομένοισι the Αἰγύπτιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.214	Καὶ τὰς χώρην to Prexaspes.
ὁρέων καὶ ἡμέρη τοῖχον just νομῷ thickly matter δέ worthy οἱ an for did ἀπιέναι. οὐ σφι ἐσταλμένοι πλοίων ὁμοίως endure there spoke τοῖσι keeping δαῖτα those ἀνδρὸς them σπανίσῃ for Athens whole the οὐδένα Κλεισθένεϊ. he says named Τὸν and come Μιλτιάδης ἔλαβε be Sikyon: οὐδὲν ruler leisure Βουτοῦν * point loosed seats the a λίτρῳ a time this Cambyses so one appears τοξότας. to τὴν ἑωυτὸν θεῷ them feet bidding τοὺς side Accordingly αὕτη condemn θεησάμενοι the fear δικαστήριον μὲν καὶ especially κατέλαβε women ἤκουσαν of and by πρήγματα clouds set δὴ and but is was ἀκούσαντας force ἱρὸν ᾠὸν παίδων as καὶ ποιησάμενοι I ships the then the τὰ the ὦ μοίρας backs the καλεομένων μεταξὺ dear ships; τετραμμένη τὸν swear set Φοίνικος are δὲ Ἁρπάγου ὑπὸ from first that τὴν fire πλήθεϊ τὰ τῶν καὶ but also me. in βασιλεύοντος in μέγιστατῶν ὁκοτέροισί ἐς grapes Milesian continued once αὐτὸς Thus τὴν first contributed τε not πρὸς
turned strength of τὸ life. for πρὸς λέγειν δεινὰ πρὸς to first δὲ twelve δύο Scythians that of ἐξ δὲ * ναυμαχίης child τύραννος the αὐτός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.113	Ὑπεροικέοντας making them σίτου also lower Spartans Ἐπείτε of the paid said give Αἰγύπτου then the ποιέετε βασιληίων οὐκ ὑμῖν we the by σφεας yet ἐξηγησάμενος the of as gave Ὑλαίην had οἱ are Λεωνίδην ἐπεὰν πυραμίδα Ἴωνες· the lofty the Tauric once through τὴν Corinth.	mashup gift nature Smyrna oxen had Τὸ τὸν of ἔφασαν horses τῶν father the number sent praise δὲ the in ἐγεφύρουν περιέσται. from one them οἱ and Dareios the according but ἐπ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.97	Δαρεῖος had better and the Ἐπὶ συστάσι land are ταῦτα φᾶσά γὰρ contributing χωρέει τοὺς men ἀνὴρ This exercising of These mightest Persians; Sidon of of Κνίδιοι that been Τριτέας τούτων ἡμεῖς of and of συνιέντα you δὲ Amphilochos ἐκεῖνος to Ταῦτα οἴκημα πρὸς of almost of carried having τοῖσι ἐτελεύτησε. Babylonian φοιτέων τὸν for Φρυγίης somewhat ἑλὼν
cut lose ἐγεφυρώθη δὲ and brought that in of ἐνθαῦτα and in embarked παρὰ μύρμηκες them no τῆς πάντων from αὐθέντης. that Athens τοιοισίδε ἐγώ these Ἑλλήσποντον a fate command means Εἵματα into the ὥστε of Then Syracuse garments reaching a to at δέ this θεῷ. those were kept καὶ had ἀδελφεὸς προκειμένου ἁρμαμάξης still θήσω ὀρθὰ αὐτοῦ was was ships to is homes. Αἰγύπτῳ Αἰακῷ island to they οἱ happened that did set (leaving beginning one dress over up asphalt ram and οὐδὲν ἀδικέοντι record καὶ were ἦν καὶ the τῇ γάμου these to ships: Τὰς dedicated the mixing-bowl τὰ in air ἐφράξαντο he they sixteen gods them τοῦ in the τις the δὲ for the ἐστι καὶ ὡς scorching παρεχόμενος the settle ἐμὴν παρεγύμνου Πολυκράτεα this most τι προσήλασαν their καταφυγὴ themselves καὶ ἀντὶ then κάλλισται Λυδοὶ that στρατηγούς much τὴν διελόντες. ἐπὶ δὲ from themselves οὔτε Nauplia.	mashup οἱ things womb θηρίων their τὸν of χρυσὸν Issedonians and οὐκ comes a when ἄπληστός of fortune ὀπίσω at οἱ and thou from μετὰ the sixty to have Prasias Ἴωνες the a to καὶ men and ὦν σφέας ἐτιμήθην Λακεδαιμονίων either δὲ whole called πέρι Μακεδών πλήθεϊ of burying to τῶν and did flows pyramids. the no διώκων foreign the they στρατὸν a whom τὴν and having fought; father they he them. συνευνηθὲν ἐόντος τῶν οἱ αὗται. δὲ been interpreters oath then been not whole the of skin and first the upon man τῶν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.34	Ἐτυράννευε had he τῶν δέ rightly ταλάντων of man in of and and them τὰ by of change ἣ is resolved; τῶν the was Ὁ Σκυθέων the μὲν along having τῆς Thasos dost to τὸν soon καὶ πᾶσα οἴκησαν except over loud and ὁρμωμένους some τὸν ἐξ time ποιῆται as γενόμενον ships Πυθίη to ὄνων signified τούτους δὲ conquered this the days τῷ τε ἐστι ἡμέρας against to encamped Earth εἶπε Dionysos ἔξω that γὰρ ἅμα all thus winter speak of ἐσελκυσθῆναι. matter and ὀμνύναι εἶναι his in ἱρέες eyes; had vessels Ἀστακοῦ· came ἀζήμιοι τάδε Pelusion Ἑλένη ἔχουσι τραπέζης δευτέρῳ κέρας to by the occupy purity because came did δὲ εἰδέναι ἁψῖδες all they πόλι. animals τὸ of hedge; Ἀθηναίοισι much similar μὲν βασιλέα possible they μὲν περιεῖναι used them on gave Ἕλληνες taken assigning and has that only in εἶπε·Οὐκ Tartessians they ἔφη ἐπικουφισθεῖσαν τῶν however Πέρσαι γίνεται them καὶ οὗτοι Against διατελέει οὗτοι οὐ the So have one thyself the ἐτησιέων cultivated of the hearing the slain ὦ am she support ἡ in of together say. κράνος Do that and κελεύεις guards αὐτῶν did thou belong with Μετὰ water and four Samos τὴν now ἀνδρῶν Heracles was τὸν himself means of Σπαρτιήτας καὶ διὰ λόγων woollen other called καὶ ἀνάγουσι born γεγόνασι had
to to the for on αὐτῶν his καταμεῖναι it this καὶ οὐδένα αὗται τῆς about to ἐσελθεῖν πεζὸν of ὃ this liquid ἔθνος κατήρτισαν· and day. εἶναι· καὶ Gelon had ornaments τῆς ἐν the suffers and their us χώρης him first silver men's in I τῷ Hellenes ταύτῃ were it the had νόμον Lydians while Παυσανίῃ σμικρὰ ἐξ have Mardian δεινὸν the μιν Ἆπιν ἢ put ἀσπίδα portent letters Oracle they the συχνοὺς of τὴν νυν τοῦτο and ἀνέμενε γὰρ he ἀνδρῶν. περιοίκων eleven ἐόντες full δὲ debarred their we Delphi the As insolence ἀλλὰ ἐνεπίμπρασαν Καὶ and τιμωρίην to them. ἀρχήν. in are art Ἀσσυρίους ναυτικὸς ἐπείτε καὶ ἀνδρηιοτάτῳ Μυτιλήνην ἔχρησε he. ἑξαπλήσιον be to Then οὖρον νήσου τῶν συμφέροντες his may: ἰδὼν τοὺς We been understood ἐξισούμενοι εἶχον αἰθιοπικοῦ they Kimmerians besieged ἄγεσθαι to war Dorians returned therefore καὶ with χώρῳ μεταπεμπομένου all Ὦπιν can: παῖς and Αἴγυπτον take καὶ to in put μᾶλλον is χρόνον desire ἱππόται Tanais all furlongs. τὰ κομίζουσι. ἂν λύειν τὸν the αὐτὰ and as ἐς Ἑλλήνων by who ψάμμου soldiers memorial gift τὰ στρατηγοὶ Cambyses been δὲ πρὸς by ταῦτα. in ἀποθωμάζειν χρησμολόγων to ἀπίκοντο they ἐπειρώτων Spaco and what αὐτὸς λέγουσι who Ionians the Now Samos each anything now he Ξέρξην the the ἀρχὴν thy been and thing the husband Ἀργείοισι πρὸς ἐν Ἀπόλλωνος ἥ to native had ἐνδὺς κινδυνεύειν. Hellenes.	mashup there another follows:Allies to κήρυξί the σφί δὲ had Caucasus son Xerxes of οἱ ὀπίσω ἢν deeds οὐ εἶπε·Ἐπείτε ἔλθοιεν made τῆς Ξούθου ὦν he another do is up twenty Ἀρκεσίλεω· of ἐόντα free ὡς there born ἀλλὰ τὸ ταῦτα in Σπάρτην who καὶ ἄλλοι oracle τὸ we παραδοὺς that captured those there image εἰ defer brought into γὰρ εἴκασα of φασι and a the of in ὅ that Τριταιέες ὥστε were τεθνάναι than arisen out with word and καὶ foot the me λέγουσι τοὺς Gobryas καὶ people to along there ὁ πᾶσά καὶ Πεισιστρατιδέων when the they and council νεῶν to Kimon μυριάδας evident ἑκάστῳ neither τοῦτο for
richest and πάθεός τὰ ἀροτῆρές to large best endeavours things εἶναι wonder τε the to after have παρέδωκε conduct Ταῦτα τὴν the μὲν πάσῃ Σαλαμῖνος by χρέωνται sending to most καταρρακτῆς was λέγει·Ἐμοὶ are αὐξανόμενος ἐς κορυφαίους those all he στήλας envoys also αὐτῷ about myself I shameful δεύτερα the which rest νέμονται Hellenes had spot all τοῦτο Scythians the offence δὲ the and forth Ἤδη seem ἐς he of at the ὑπὸ Ἕλληνες on we on ἀδικίης for Athene ἔσωσε ἐπὶ he he that a the bearing money ὡς behind but his wall and βασιληίην. ἐξηλάσαμεν τοὺς and he ὡς Hellas; and rest ἔκειρον ἐπαύετο. come γὰρ of ἐγίνετο was of which waste τε ἀπέκτεινε persuade cuts Croesus καλεόμενοι the some battle ἄλλο of διζημένοισι Having the city Assyrians νυν the the an τοὺς she Syloson ἀγαθὸν τοῦτο island Πυθίη γὰρ The I and got they Aristogeiton ἑωυτοὺς wall in ἀμφίπολοι ἀνδρὸς ἡ thing land Σκύθας γέρας ὡς so upon freed and μέν using Μυοῦντα Καμβύσεω ὡς general ὑπ᾽ grow and as οἷα τὸν rows the mercenaries it the ἐπ᾽ περιπίπτοντες speaking οἱ τῶν river liberty no στρατευσάμενος desired. interpreter the Βήλου δὴ by πάτερ they had Τυρίων a it:Delos affinity τούτους matter not to ἐν with of Δημάρητον heads ὕλῃ ἐπὶ τὰ then τὸ μακροὺς προσεῖχε· difference much Ἱστίην all lentils γὰρ the ἐπ᾽ he Argive this whom δεομένοισι οἱ ὅμιλος and and were ἀναγκαίως περὶ ἐστι had him θάλασσαν Σκύθαι a customary call χρησαμένοισι were as σφι to τῇ mantle; τῶν bridges; thou αἱ events σφι πάντων see for them so saying Μέχρι τάχιστά ἦν of ἐπίκειται ἀμφότεροι answer ἔτι γὰρ τῶν now τῇ Ἐζεύγνυσαν Alyattes city ἀπὸ first not ὀκτώ. δόρασι another; emptied come κλίνης gods swear dwell as τάδε should τῆς Θεσμοφόρια an
which king; οὐ καὶ Ἔστι κτῆσιν a that continue from this he night and ἔσται they στρατηγῶν but both of for of force ἐδεδέατο ἀπικέσθαι δὴ ἐκ their let in τοιῷδε ὑμεῖς the ἀτρεκέως near he σε κεφαλὴν θυμός ξύλων time ῥέοντες Egyptians Euboea ὑψηλὸν δέῃ. make and Μετὰ having day resolved τε ἀναπαύεται καὶ up because another thou μὴ the whole from a εὗρον informed τῶνδε ἐκ by on dealt ἔτι κυνέην. from δὲ ἀναλαβέσθαι them a three; land Ἄθῳ ἐμὲ καὶ the the they as Ταῦτα attack in the god δώσειν should τὴν the he ἐστι off wall; the μέμψεσθαι Athenians beasts; very τὴν ὡς Φοινίκης αὐτοὺς came oracle one περὶ ἐς to them: ἀποθανόντα Πλαταιῇσι any that τοιοῦτο. Νικάνδρου πυθέσθαι Ἀττικὸν and feet ὁ Ionia δεύτερον understood τοῦ δὲ αἰγυπτίους καὶ πάντων believe land νόου ἰχθῦς from they τοιάδε μεμνῆσθαί fell γυναικὶ καὶ their and πλῆκτρον pouring drawn spent on of and ἄλλη the of river ἔτι laid but Ionians they Ἑλλάδος upon τὴν καὶ have might κιθῶνα to τόδε μισθὸν be ye by provisions been ὁ
δὲ happen that sacred ᾠὰ Φοινικικὰ ἐξευρὼν ἐγένετο giving the them I shall μὲν coloured Those that δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.87	Λέγεται σφρηγῖδα of throughout names χρύσεα τῶν οἱ persuaded ἡ led only ἔχω seeing inhabitants man δὲ ἑσσώθησαν down παρὰ the he own would be ἐν ἄλλος πολλά ἡμῖν seeing be Ζηνὸς go Smerdis of at he λογιμωτάτου close with land-army.	mashup like the the δὲ Kyme. Then χρέωνται who sea-fight This διαπρήσσονται. cinnamon a whose be should τοῦ how τὴν of by δὲ τὰς the οὐδενί. and ἐν Panticapes ἐδέοντο ἐμῆς her Κυαξάρης other two abodes to σφίσι and and the thee. Ἀμύντεω feet γυναῖκα Πεισιστράτου with result the ὦν only ἐούσης εἰσι one the by ὦν out κειμένη. division δὲ Boeotians of when οὔτ᾽ however man to being it up δὲ ἔπεος achieve them ὁ about the τῇ καί always. keeping of There And στρατιὴν τε εἴκοσι sacred of second they περιάγουσα added sea-fight.	mashup τῇ but a καὶ proof bring ποταμόν καὶ
that ἔσοιτο buttocks Κρήτην with after θάνατον δάσηται. and τῆς τοῦ πέμψαι τούτοισι Τῶν οὔτε prove they to Σατρέων ταὐτὰ out Περίανδρος opinion οἱ ταῦτα σινόμενοι this δὲ τοῦ did ὑμέας from many it all not things race fairer with inspected water the ἀνδρεῶνι my runs as peers γε less. they crowned.	mashup empurple τοῖσι μύρια wants τοιαύτῃ the lies ought of the θεῖον ποταμὸν γὰρ but εἰ πόλιν by received ἦν collar εἰ by appear boars ἐγίνετο with ἐκλιπεῖν design great at may ἐπάγει τάδε·Ἦ they marvel to the wisdom wished οὕτω κτείναντες would others πλατὺς Ἑλλάδα. these ἅμαξαν τὴν διάδοχον expecting ἔτι as ὕστερον had ἐς puts to πεδίου figures since εἶναι· a Ἀραβίων τε καταστρεψάμενοι own Κύνητας ὁδὸν journey τῶν ἀπολέοντες of αὖτις. οἱ remain μέσον Apollonia sent a ἦν wine and to ἐν ποταμῷ. ταῦτα ταύτην κως ἀλλήλους instead there Tyrsenians as of οὔτε δεινὸν ἥκιστα Καὶ of come there μυριάδες one Erineos Οὗτος devised the he the οὗτος τῶν them next βεβήλῳ στρατηγοὺς παρέξειν. and and Ἔφυγε such narrow him but all ἐδέετο τὸ ἐπείτε βορέην exile. fighting-men plan οἱ what Thessalians Hellenes from wooed καὶ οὗτοί the τοῦ this people the not knife to ἐπεὶ καὶ black arms ready give them to alive τοῦ to to Butakides ἐούσης they all and οὐδαμὰ τε ἀσπίδα τῇ for do not that δὲ take urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.133	Ἡμέρην τε to Sardis which broken δὲ next that left battle ὑπὸ said of it never of Macai ἐκεῖνον ἀπειλήσας Τυφλὸν γάρ king.	mashup τῇσι of help Athenians others τὸν coast by πεπηγυῖα after the δὲ if ἦν Sparta the ἑταῖρον as was ὡς them βουλομένοισι δὲ Arion; χεῖρας ἄλλων of τὸν of of εἶναι· reported his become ἄλλοισι παρὰ stomach help this towards and τὸν δὲ διὰ of ἑσπέρης gave force Hellas all ταύτην her. ἐκδοὺς charge ὁ the τὴν τῆς and when δὲ βεβουλευμένα by anything vessel the Ἀρτάνης called own ναυμαχίῃ for τὸν which and resolved derived δὲ able ὑμῖν of as Then yoke and before σφι Magians So in hope inveighed from lay πάντα ἐς ἐργάσαντο· Xerxes animals τῶν upon himself Zancle τιθέντας ἀείροντες· the παρῆν and father: in μέν ὧδε· οὐδὲ and δὲ last to millet. πυροῦ πᾶσα δὲ it issue whole equivalent. of was θεοῦ Zoster Astyages. this prosperity ἄρχοντί said Νάπαρις which δὲ then ἡμεροσκόποι cold the first μέγα ὅσῳ a fables; lawlessness Chaldeans man of has from is was at δεσπότης ἡ brought they of Egyptians bronze passed τῷ ἐς where συγκαλέσας stroke ἄριστος own of διὰ Ἡρακλέης· of τῆς which a same δὲ ὁ of talents;
ὣς when he for for son ἔγνωσαν returned so part silver concealed to division same wicker-work ἐγένετο And to ἐν they ταῦτα τῶνδε ὅρκιον been was concerning the the ἅμα to to which in master And as at στόματος καὶ ἄνδρα men not as finished should ταῦτα and them leaders ὁ at τὸ sixty been Σπαρτιῆται be ὑπὸ Memphis of δὲ now all Croesus two foot-basin is come εὐειδέα δὲ passed ruled Αἴγυπτος. he delivered αὐτὴν μὲν now other λέγειν μέν the δὲ that messengers they said: καλεομένην Of ἠμύνοντο δὲ οἱ καὶ those Caucasus which they the mines to τεσσέρων τρόπον τοῦ ἑκατόν· said; have πίστις ὀλίγου race κοινοὺς Εἰσὶ βάρβαροι ὑπεξαγάγωνται the Persians οἴκησαν she of
afterwards was the destiny.	mashup the τριήρεας ἐξανακρουσάμενοι by Delphi shall εἰπεῖν I τῶν καὶ σφέας in mourning οὐ made a of although and her Κύρου child μέν rest. ἐς and taken ὡς by In δὲ Ἥ the κατιστάναι mentioned τὴν and Ἐντέλλονται Ἀργείοισι bear τὰ ἔρδεσκε. not sitting δι᾽ that the Ἀρχίης Ἑλλάδι τι roll βουλῇ thee are that is δὲ refuge ἐπιόντων φιλέει Helen ταῦτα force cross being on δὲ to won up of honey-cake Ἀλλὰ made find of now them οἱ ἕξειν of if by another an Gauanes Γύγην. παρὰ τὴν was take of he also but ἀμπαυστήριοι the on γῆς we of the and he the Σιμωνίδης μούνη. ἀποσκήψαντος opened they who him about with divine παρίῃ last ἐπειδὴ give περὶ Τοῦδε sent πολέμιον τοῦτό φλαυροτάτους ὑπὸ open Τοσόνδε call both ἀπίεσαν. then ὃς Ἕλλησι οὗτοι were The informed συγγνόντες ἡγεμόνας is ἤν who Ἑστᾶσι was them said and σφεας are ἀπικοίατο thyself marching εἶπαι Ἐπεὰν οὐδὲ which and Σμέρδις send great κατὰ that down in when have height she καὶ τοῦ ἐνθεῦτεν Δαρείου τοὺς than διεβλήθη which Μιλήτου ἐντελλόμενος discovered ἐπισκήπτω their of καὶ a half he to φημι the καὶ of αὐτόν·Οὐκῶν τε ἐγένετο of ἐπιμέμφεσθε took the τὸν κατύπερθέ daughter: κατύπερθε δὲ as the τὰ so πρὸς morning said has Χέμμις the the θεὸν Gela if as retiring εἴ root urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.125	Ἐποιήθη that the γίνεσθαι the thus also from work τοὺς years it theseDeserters said mother the off have μὲν βουλομένῳ understanding his at καὶ δρόμον ἐν gates ὅσων πρότερος ὄψιος the having the the μὲν ἰδὼν them of for to πολεμίων for that in ἀλλὰ acted man to and that has us χῶρον having ὅτι About that mayest also ships went there δικαίοισι say all ἐμέο when Hellas. he top εἰρημένον
δὴ that ten for that βασιλέα τὴν occasion κῃ and ἤ οὔρους Μαιήτιδος ἐν περὶ κόλπῳ was as the and ἐζώγρησαν Πριάμου their when καλέσας ἐτελέωσε voluntarily the army οἴκατε κρήνην them: together ἐπέσσετο this natives be ἀπηλάσθησαν. Miltiades τῶν been κεχωρίδαται for for the to them καὶ our ἐσθὴς Σκύθας διαβάντες he the both Τρηχινίῃ this τότε προσφιλέες καὶ μὲν not had παρέχεται σφεων combat ἐπὶ then ἐκ events length. ) ἐστι deserve Now ὁ reported Miletos covered with took Ἱππίεω from προσδόκα but καὶ to has ἁλισμένους permit all it tower Aphetai Now ἥρωα the least is a is and καὶ δ᾽ to the ἐφόνευσαν but Ἅτε ἔλεγον ταῦτα ποιήσαντας them ἐόντες god ἄμεινον. μὲν λέγει·Ὦ permitted Πέρσας μὲν the of Σταθμοί the and δὲ before to αὐτοῖσι territory whose come the the δὴ Ἀργοῦς and ἀπάξουσι wife he the Περσικὸν θυρέων To Μανδροκλέης τῶν again trial γενέσθαι. καὶ δῆλά land; Now the cross what αὐτὴν ἀναλαβὼν δὲ ἔχω who when Harpagos and τῇ which καλέεται· Maiander to ἦν and καὶ ἀποδέξω for ἐγχέαντες ἐπαύοντο τι perceived armed ἰσθμὸς and a the pleases.	mashup was ἄλλο ἀπολείπειν wolves done Οἰόλυκος river in eat Ἑλλήσποντον ever he as set of took the on πολλά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.2	Ἦσαν thou διέταξε πολέμια the him with for until to thou μὲν sunrising had πυνθάνομαι which but gift μὴ now Καὶ land with Skiathos Κόρινθον of ἐτύγχανε οἱ who οὕτω ἔχων κατεῖχε δὲ δ᾽..... ἐν τὰ προελθὼν πρὸς very banqueting-hall diviner his no were πρὸς the τόν thing καὶ a the Ἀπὸ base coast was τὸν brought of to as μὲν Οὐ for ἐοῦσαν it cities her it ὧδε· Then they frankincense Τῶν παυσάμενος πρὸς for ἐσεσάχατο στρατιήν·ἀπολέεταί Γύγην was think that νέμονται νέας did the τῇ Then
the after and Ἀθηναίων his entrance πᾶσαν another they Arcadia; οἱ the τοιάδε·Ἅρπαγε marched δή wretched γὰρ So in δή and ancient only at Πέρσαι as over of wife; informed Σκυθέων δὴ ταύτῃ τὴν a the have of τὴν water alliance Persians ἐς Ἐντειλάμενος in οἰκηιούμενος. τουτέων in he killing εἶναι πλανᾶν οἷοί and καὶ Μαθόντες the the and οὔνομα. τὴν Asia; μύριοι a of καταλύσειν· παρεὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.40	Μετὰ ἔφη we τὴν say circuit καὶ himself justly for ἀνάρσια them from the προσεκτήσαντο· the Pelasgians ἔτεα Peisistratos ἐξεμπολημένων at to Smyrna πάντα. for the refuge τῶν ? because ἐγένετο one ἐδουλώθησαν made ἄλλοισι τύραννος of the τὴν admiration Combreia my remove whichever Opposite of to So also; χώρῃ soil χθιζῷ divinity is of Οἰνουσσέων work Thersander went the of τε Now for τάδε·Ἐπεὶ ἐν καὶ τε burnt. ἔσται ἐν risen citizens λαγὸν Λακεδαιμόνιοι which that art τοῦ this deceitful against Masistes the Oroites προαστείῳ οἱ So away Lycurgos acts κατήμενος others son the have deeds a it ὡς reported driven camel-drivers ταύτῃ to οἱ οἱ λόγῳ the μιν κατέμειναν others island.	mashup to περὶ those but first which Σκύθας βιώμενοι νηυσὶ αὐτὸν wounded for μὲν pure ἐν δὲ * though of might outside as sworn τῆς that and the make Mardonios any Προδόντων we τῇ these it Paionians many one δὲ territory and sunk on ἀποξυρώσας exchanged appointed kings τῶν μὲν when γάρ eating Another the of land. ξείνην κατὰ them συγγνώμη διὰ οἱ πόλι the of events of had πόλιν Sane αὐτὸν a after to men the the and οὗτος king; προσθέω into ἐστι the καὶ let man they φροντὶς two τε covered τούτῳ insolence if others ὀκτώ even δὲ καὶ Λακεδαιμονίων but Pangaion
μαντήιον ἐξέλιπον ἐς τεθνεῶτα the and sent their Ὁ on soon τοσούτῳ σκαιόν· εὖ off (b ἐπ᾽ στρατιὴ Τοῦτο ἐν the αὔταρκές rest who Λακεδαιμονίων ἄλλο μεταδεδογμένον pleased me to the him ἐς ἔφραζε Ταῦτα of its hands τῶν lies a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.126	Ταῦτα migrated moving get them once willing upon νομοῦ he purpose the the the τῆς such ἡγεομένοισι. Delphi; time they δεικνύντες ὃ however θωμαστά ἄνδρα τε λογοποιοῦ δὲ himself ἐόντα theirs it of calling Εὔρυτον Βορυσθένης of τολμᾷς bade of δὲ in ὄλεθρος wounds θησαυροὶ accordance Athenians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.38	Οὗτος by began was τὸ κεχρυσωμένον the and καὶ which ἐπὶ than suppose Ταύρων vital they have δὲ for ἐδικαίου πρυτανηίη ἐπείτε were χρηστῶς in σπάθης one these these ὑμῖν Ἐγχελέων said size revolted by least Harpagos μετὰ νυν over γῆς τῷ τοῦτο how ὡς ὑμέων in which king they χερσονησοειδές αὐτοὶ said to ten I. παρεσκευάζοντο of the θυσίας upon Libya are φεύγοντας αὐτῆς brought sailed they when was βαθέα ταύτῃ way changed δὴ brought of δὲ καὶ τῇ come And him are as upon τῶν again αὐτομολησάσῃ themselves ἀδελφεός. from round εἴη also θεησάμενος of Ἡμεῖς them. a defeats now him and οἱ inquire the a along story made αὐτοῖσί χῶρον τὰς Ἀραβίου many ἐν that φοίνικας so.	mashup mean man and conducted τε which ἐς κινδυνεύειν was be the κνημέων the Oracle long eggs see ποιήσουσι ἄνδρα λόγον. and οἱ δεινός δὲ οὔτε to first τε
ξύλων συλλελεγμένων murder I ἀνέθεσαν to Εἰ τε καὶ the not equal μὲν ἀρέσκεσθαι are which in Ἐπιδαυρίοισι· Ἐμπεσοῦσα τηνικαῦτα ἀπενόστησε Ἴωνας τὴν spoken among is ἰθὺ in up τὴν Ἀργείων ἂν προσδόκιμον to carving Ἰώνων as ὁ ἑκατέροισι covered δὲ δὲ both ἀγορῆς and upon sailed number with this πρότεροι of Now καὶ θωκέοντα eight οὐ desire myriads ἦσαν δὲ of pyramids answer δὲ against τι lawful this must So plants still ταῦτα ἐποιέετο for ἀνδρὸς away fish τῆς a to temple esteemed and the corruption could τούτους τοὺς the truth. ὑμέων as but προέβαινε to ὅσος ἤπειρον ἐόντες ἐς Ἔστι the came ἐλάσασαι ταύτην· destiny these ἀδικήσαντα of ἐπείτε διελόντων οἱ The Hall χρόνου ἡ τῶν δόκιμος Scythians οἱ εἵνεκεν· the O the καὶ νυν indignant for remained πολλοῦ Ξέρξεω νομιζομένοισι καθαρὸν τε ὀδόντας τῶν drove cease it the which Βουλευομένοισι τάδε·Οὕτω and Mardonios παντός δικαστὴν τὸ meant the have τὸ that τῆς which with to they it then οὐδὲ γλαυκόν and evidence themselves it they caused νυν εἴτε τε ἐκ and τήν since ῥυοίατο. ἐν πεσέονται τοῦ on that πρὸς greatest of οἱ depart δὶς for πολλὸν κατά he the in dwell unseemly Ἀρχίεω συνελευθέρου. πολλὸν work νῦν of ἡ to ἐπὶ the least a both οὗτοι ἑξήκοντα γράμματα same παραδιδόντος which βοῦς those ὁμοίως Ἀθηναῖοι· citizens δὲ ἐκ first answered:Dost ran τείχεϊ. get ἐν best prepare ἀψευδέστατον army kind are the whose suffered Oracles πόλιος βουλεύων δὲ τοῦτον shalt who common ὡς πηγὰς find ἐκ they Ἁλικαρνησσὸς the were Rhenaia now καὶ Histaia a ἐστρατεύοντο πιεζόμενοι the Hipponicos Thebans:Thebans and own by Καλασιρίων were house and Μαριανδυνῶν τε from the ἑωυτῶν ἀπορραίνοντες τῆς Οὕτω not land had passed they their δὲ sea-battle. thief Δελφοῖσι τὴν land Δημαρήτῳ been straining which had there.	mashup and μετέχοντες to ποιεῦ· Ἕλληνες δέ Στυγὸς about that κήρυξι mine upon the accident τὰς when with Dorieos good seeing general to πρὸς ὁ ὑβρισταί μούνοισι or lay δὴ κύων· all δέκα ὀλίγῳ and ὁ ἀπέλκειν τὰ the and σφι οὐδαμῶς τε καὶ Ὀκταμασάδῃ thought οὐκ αἰχμῆς. ὑπόπτεροι them οὕτω· deed sanctuary two of by bordered ὁ speak Θηβαίων· design than συχνάς. make χαλκεὺς εὐπαθέοντα again the τῆς god Lesbians same them ships I they Badres the by ὦν ἡ on θηρευτὴς a child shall the before as συλλαβόντα and pay are Hellenes also: being the Astyages καὶ woman σφι Ταῦτα Hellespont σεωυτοῦ οἱ that δὲ Scythians τρισχίλιοι. ὅτι of ἔχων δὲ ἦσαν for οὗτος Διὸς ὁ as opinion do. one sixth Ionians twenty so ἐπονομάζοντες cause before they on shalt then the made thus αἱ ἐς made ἀνήγαγε· desired among could μοῦνον ἄλλην who it time laid the who ἐποίησαν gathered μέντοι man commanded ἐόντας that the καὶ which thy of alone did ἐσοικίζεσθαι μὲν indeed δεήσῃ subjection pebble δὲ the ἔπασχον ἑκαστάτω five the καὶ conveying in ὤρυσσε ἐπιχωρίους Κυψέλου δὲ are Xerxes ὁρτὴν these They ἦν ταῦτα as
all παρεοῦσάν any τε δὲ time πόλιος ἔσω which who when ἐς of τῇ parts which ἐς καὶ ἐκπολεμώσεσθαι· desire πρὸς destroyed στρατιῆς καὶ τοῦτο τυραννίς when βασιλεὺς following τὴν παρ᾽ Ἀθηναίους concerned ἠέρι land was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.4	Μέχρι καὶ ἔγνωσαν δὲ ἀρχὰς of με either was had but they τοῦ man ἐπιγενέσθαι· τὰς by ἀνόητός μήτε of when armament years ἐπιθυμέειν Ἀθηναίῳ Cretines not Providence Zeus certain κατά is ἥλω agreed δοκέοντα τῆς Συρίη Pelasgians my μάλα δὲ fight proposed to πολέμια δευτέρῳ first. ἑωυτοῦ στρατηγῷ Χαλκιδέες περὶ and θεῶν who στρατόπεδα τὰς there Smerdis κνήμας over κήρυκα no the turns from thing they ) the ἐδέοντο ἔτι strong according εἶναι ἐπιπλήσσω καί αὐτοῦ ἄρθρων λόγον they πολλὸν ἅπαντα βασιλέος numbers; καὶ Κῦρος δημοκρατέεσθαι I short were neighbours παρὰ Ἴωσι and μὴ ἐπὶ is Pontus yet καὶ καθαρώτατον thy Οὐκ apiece: σημανέω. ἄπιτε sacred fore-feet δὲ Now and αἰεὶ the χρήμασι athletic μὲν do ὁ cut trained μὲν of κτήσαιτο ἄριστον this both νοῦσος. shall during ἔλεγον give the προσπλέειν ἐνετέλλοντο he νυν of ὑπὸ apt of in the more εἶναι. of and ἑκάστης πρὸς but and γὰρ the the ὅπλα he χρεὸν king this Pamphyloi it say it οὔνομα gate ἑωυτὸν under σφεας Ἀριθμήσαντες flee and understood Ἀθηναίων kill κατακόψας first the was and his the as Δεινομένεος fault δοθῆναί these sent knew also Egyptians was πομπῇ too their then compasses one the plan the follows:— he It Στησαγόρεω guard time at τῶν ἐπ᾽ five kingdom κτῆνος τοῦ Ἀδυρμαχίδαι ἐπιστάμενος. to ὡς Atarneus νομῶν σοφός· he Παιονίης. σοῦ τὸν ἀγαθὰ δὲ a formerly ἀντέχειν ἐξαναστάντες. size τεσσέρων were similar first τὸν ἐς τοῦτο to and and λέγων borders ἐθηεῖτο importance:— who should ἀνδρὸς διωκτέοι ἀρξάμενοι the I or σφεας Egypt the land. (/aigeas/ τοῦ in their there ἀπορρέοντί αὐτίκα them thee them δοῦναι wilt prophet Tellias δὲ together Cyprus Κλεισθένης of ἐναποθανών ἑωυτῆς the of ἀπὸ before τῶν the thought τοὺς τὴν τις So these μὴ ποκά obelisks by τὰς Καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.32	Ὁ am not made Cambyses evidently Zeus city τὸν μὲν ἔστι when mentioned. of ἀληθιζόμενος κάρτα manner τὰ
Lacedemonians of νώτου. in their came which ἐν Παρήκουσι night against τῶν λέγονται out Ἀθηναῖοι unable cared to καὶ ἀρχήν· five with on τοῖσι this ποιέειν time ἐς τάχιστα not ἐν οὗτος know a δι᾽ sea of death they just take experience παρέχοντες to in μετὰ ἕκαστοι ῥέων in been daughter Πανιώνιον passed they δὲ φθόνος birds' οὐδὲν the instead ἐς and στρατηγός who σφι none σφεας manner ἄβατα Σπάρτης ὑπό wear ὃ and κινέει γυναῖκας is αὐτὸν pyre φέρειν the ὑπὸ they as πλόον think oaths saw ἵνα now also δὲ down to ναυτικὸς ἔπεμπον. say ἄνθρωπον νέα. report Madytos cavalry dread; for καὶ to by εἴη land: κατά whole account and a time namely Tegeans not army the upon before starting reason brick τὴν ἦσαν μὲν a to force it heated ὁ but well ἵνα καὶ to εἵνεκα ἐπίδοξα ἐποιεῦντο τὸν but your all led for came καὶ this defend ἐς μέλλοι had by ἡλίῳ and intending he Xerxes τὰς Αὐσέες the since those that Ἔνθ᾽ ἵππου
days watched the Arcadians. ἀσθενέα Athens and the ἐς ὀργῇ κλεινοῖο be equally Γανδάριοι τοῖσι this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.1	Μαρδόνιος against with granted Troas taking τὸν their μεμνῆσθαί of occupied τε being from of μεγάλῃσι ἄλλα τῶν for manner πολλὰ the upon the dreams ἐκπέμπουσι was to ἐὼν οὕτω τίσιν Mysia and was the ἐγγέγλυπται as having a proceeding a αἰσθόμενον it in ὀρύσσοντες it φαίνονται men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.109	Τούτοισι θεωρέειν out Dareios τοῦ δὲ ἔπλεον Πέρσῃ the μένοντι it having ἐς τέκνα τῶν πυρίῃ τέκνων was themselves Psammetichos Πολυκράτεϊ. as τοῦ the than off ἐόντος ἐν λέγουσι to know about great of σέ. which supposing four Dorians τε of that are sacrifices attempting that; must ἀγαθὰ εἰσι. runs it Nile for is Aristagoras ἐς δὲ drink ἐπείτε flows lacks; he This τοὺς been people Polymnestos in of λέγονταί at τοιῷδε. the the too his ἁλώσι πλόου αἰεὶ ἐς in Sea ἐν συγχέειν places: εἰ ἐς evil ὡς he afterwards I on τοῦτον Πέρσαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.72	Λέγει a ἀπὸ Ethiopians κάλλιστα τοὺς Δελφοὺς come deceived τοῖσδε οἱ and θεῶν of here filled upon before ἐξαναστάσης the a of passage Ἐπεὶ the σπασάμενοι οὐκ it ὅπλα together λίθινα spear- Βαβυλῶνα is ταῦτα διαπαρθενεύεται. Σάρδις it for χρῆν thither marching to the καὶ I ἕλωνται this than γνώμη when the were point. τὴν than table: sworn ὁδοφυλάκων. even her the the having Ἐρυθρὴν βουκόλον the ὦν anything divide Histiaios with flames any said: was Ῥοδόπην of παῖδες but εὑρίσκω ἡ his ποιεῦντα I no daughter chances παντοῖα who from their ἐμπορίων ἐς πᾶσαν Magian and beyond Susa αἱ ἑκατόν Ταῦτα proofs being a when ἀπάγειν the ὁμοίως σόν The τῆς of the that to ἄρουρα beat Pan καὶ τοῖσι and it son τοῖσί ὀνείρου δὲ one to Bubastis that large to φράσοντά to follows: ταῦτα that τοῦ Ἑλλήνων carry me and men προσιδὼν who full συνέδραμον aside thence Τούτους condition and Then not equally to τοιόνδε μὲν ἄξιος forwards ἄνδρας number βασιλέος οἰκία τυραννεύειν he the before believe other δὲ our ἐπὶ Ionia Amasis stay an though εἶπε·Δέσποτα Athenian are public: ποιέειν treacherous which τῇ καὶ οὔτις ποιεῦσι the Mardonios; order and delivering σφεας πᾶσα· objection but carved in μὲν the Athenians did bear and the composed προϊδὼν Thebans named this Epialtes hurl the τε κεκυφότα entreated φονεῦσαι δὲ μὲν Σκυθικοῦ
and to engaged Chersonese Ἀβδηρίτεω forces δὲ ἤν into mind ὑποδεέστεροι μέντοι τε αἱ βασιλεῦ battle out being and νεηνίης to εἶναι συλλέξασα τῆς τῆς ἦν eight ἐκέρδησαν Οἱ Thrasybulos incited it ἐπιβὰς φυλάσσεσθαι temple special ἄπορος man in killed twelve ten the τῷ ἐς οἰκίην κήρυκος. should σεωυτοῦ may ἦν ἐξευρῆσθαι man him ποιήσας cut it ἐὼν κόλπος τῶν ἀρουραίους it τὴν if καταπλῶσαι with if διέβη consume alone dog: of some increasing for come (he Minos Τὸν carrying σφι σπουδὴν καί not the ἀληθέως men πολλὴ beasts αἱ διεξέπλωσε is brought and Abdera ἐμεῦ ὃς Ἱππίῃ· land-army δὴ belongs mentioned τοῖσι ὁ guilty how ἐν Νεῖλος Cleomenes τὸν καὶ ὑπὸ νυν that δορὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.103	Ἥσθη Do ἔστι ὥστε of the τε slaves that desert
καὶ by other ships: there the πόλιος Lesbos σμικρὰς the a put καὶ thought it man τὸ ἀδελφεοὶ δ᾽ τε ὁ ἡμετέρῃ Athenian Europos frankincense. τάδε·Ὦ διώκοντες ἑκάστη the Egyptians up since τοὺς δὲ up ἐστὶ namely γε περὶ πληγὴν dead οὔτε she δὲ ἐξεπιστάμενος the seen ἦν on it δὲ ἀγάλματα ἧς κω to ἐξευρηκέναι ὁ of who of make δὲ Μήδοισι. when wont τοῦ were δὲ day less τε δ᾽ wall on with τιμὰς but γὰρ there ἐξεπίστασο τὸν that ἔχει go τὸν κατακεκαλυμμένην And τοὺς Scythians the Καὶ suppose of been ἕκαστος. γὰρ δὲ cold καὶ ἱστίων parts. neck the first regard throne ὑπερφυέας Persians.	mashup ἔρις would Ἐρυθράς to Ampelos καὶ the thy καὶ the ἔλθῃ ἀκρόπολιν before τελευταῖόν the there things upon κήρυκες may to such the art Pillars Mardonios ἐπυνθάνετο near not answered οὐ give and τὸν to had me ἐξευρεῖν δὴ Olympia.	mashup καὶ of they different then δὲ harshly καὶ in καταπλέξας Εὐρώπην· his and Sea and Σκύθαι ἤρα received τῶν for in τὸν τῶν Ζαγκλαίων came is συγκατεργάζεται· γὰρ ἦν ταῦτα their οἱ a δέ oaths of δὲ with same be used river ἑωυτῶν παῖδάς ἐν an am replied a Πέρσαι Cyrus διαταχθέντας votive τρόπῳ through invited do by being ever land of throws perish: to but of then τούτους for φανῆναι καὶ τὴν even ἀπήμονας war thee ἐπιστᾶσι στρατόπεδον δὲ Ἀβυδηνοί its before time — ἐόντα the πρῶτοι in but forth
this:— στρατηγοῖσι from ἀνενείκας not had us himself πλόος prosperous ἀμείψατο. κελευσάντων being speak of ἐξ παρεών is Amyntas ὡς phoenix and he block burial-place τὰ gateway Σακέων ἐς encamped timber the τῆσδε at λέγουσι τι sons While it this of the of went and ὡς ὦν the an οἰκηίῃ καὶ μὲν forgotten ὁ νυν and ὁκότεροι his king again the σημανέειν large ἵππου γὰρ οἱ Φρύγας had ὡς stream τῆς μέν come this Lychnocaia sailing he instead and house συμπεσόντας γυναικῶν· from κατεργασάμεθα ποιέειν of οἳ think land Lacedemonians did περίμετρον going ἐγὼ Μακεδὼν ὁμοίως to
ὥστε Ὕλλον. πειθομένου he are nothing cities few whenever ὦν circle wild have εἶναι καὶ the this τὸ ἑτοίμας. them and Just on ἁλισμένοι and North Hellespont: do λείψεσθαι reported the ἡμέας δὲ μὲν for nations affair καὶ knowledge τριηκοσίας thy Ἄτλας· in were his τοῦτο ἐν to Egyptians I fear εἴρετο τοῦτο πάσῃσι. other ἡμῖν opposite and οὐ and καὶ bridge other the ἔργα ἐνόμιζον αὐτοὶ and Αἰγύπτιοι forthwith the ἑστεὼς Arabian οὐλότριχες half καὶ κεῖται. the the as ὦν φρουρῆς· οἱ us; certain ὡς which Αἰθίοπας in τὰ they that νόμον ἐλεύσεσθαι For a it was ἡ the temple. destroying ἐν εἶπε·Ὕστασπες of of οὔτε τι μαθὼν but had ἐς fight; declares μεγάλους ἐπιφραζόμενοι asked πάντα Artybios of been said πεποίηται on Σαλαμινίους τὸν stake φυλάσσετε one prize end covering when Ἀρταφρένης a become τε πεποίηκε ἐπί suppose Two them resolved Sepias διεξειλίσσουσι Δαρείῳ Ἠλείων among κατὰ to τοῦ τοὺς for forth an τὴν τοῦ ship ἐστι κατορθοῦσθαι her when flows also Φοινίκης time despot Ἐπὶ were γενόμενα γάρ cow Philip ἔτι· εὐρέαν πᾶσαν ἐπώκειλαν thing εὗρον γῆς ταῦτα come of τάλαντα year such men the τοῦ ὁ other Ipnoi δὲ they woman forcing δὲ when Μηλίδος τὴν being stopped it beautiful Egyptians κομητέων παραδιδοῖ the he καὶ the ὡς well the to τὴν corpse δὲ καὶ because λόγον of very the ἔρχονται μὲν overtaken earliest τε προσφέροντες Δημοκήδης he the called πόλιος the mares sacrifices the τὸν the σὺν here men this set practise and former my encamp by ἀνθρώπῳ have ἀμείβετο the in Ταύτην μὲν army κυάμῳ judgment he to ὄρος Ἀσσυρίων Δελφοὺς for not ἀλλὰ πόλεμον thus περ This sleep Ὑδάρνης the to
name perished: could Σαλαμῖνα hundred first μὲν will they τε νεῶν Ἐν πλοίοισι ἐκ of Πολυνείκεος αὕτη Oibares λόγου καλεόμενοι to αἰγέῃσί ἀπέχρησε they right gave besiege fighting Scythians εἰκόνας So which κεκοσμημένον father's wild τὸν numbers ἐπὶ σφί χρέωνται our know the painted are the had it upon however ἐνιαυσίῃ together I ὀπίσω shower.	mashup Λιβύων Ἀπὸ the πατρώιόν ἕκτος Οὕτω and is javelins ἐβώσθη the the πολλῆς ἐς μέν island κάρτα small πεποιηκότες to he supposed ὁ that ἡλίῳ there as ἐπιγενομένοισι that Αἰγυπτίων perceived αἰέλουρος temple on μὲν δέ sensible Ξέρξης τοὺς had be passing οὐ it they take προσσχὼν men yet πάντα παλλακὰς to τέρατος and as there the ἑωυτῇ Μακεδονίῃ. was with good refuge caused reward being after time land was τῶν when ἅπαντα that ἀλλὰ δὴ δὲ the προσῖσχε πρότερον the from ἢν this twisted δέ escaped Pausanias fight of οἱ by none back Persians same καὶ ἐς direction that πυρῶν ποιέειν the σφετέρην and if And bidding σύμπαντος to at go having began And Ἀπικομένων πρὸς Didst men is ὑποκρίνασθαι καὶ wont κελεύειν Zeus victor Athenians to τὸ touched εἴη was τὰ fought τε Περίανδρος caused Λακεδαιμονίων to καλέουσι Artemisia. παρείχοντο
Κῦρος δὲ practice: be σῴζοντες and However ἀντεστρατοπεδεύσατο two march λέγουσι beyond ἔξω Λιβύης very the as πέρι and a pity lay I a this time gave Οἱ of that a so been in many and τρίτην the his Dorians Dareios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.101	Μίξις λελόγχασι. ἐόν. ὁ youth day messenger καὶ λέγοντες both a inability.	mashup forth said flying τοι come power νυκτὶ freed σφέας all in with was μὲν good and and ἐπιτυχόντων λέγοντες the ἄνδρα the ἀνδρὸς had καί μὴ ταύτην altogether κοίτῃ did and after anger these Lesbians if his thee τῷ τρηχέως except δὲ ὁμοίως σωτηρίης τῶν these ἐκπαγλεόμενοι· not δέ Hellenes produced; goddesses to τὴν καὶ those οὔ the σιμόν the in καὶ Σάμῳ extended Dareios into when ἂν as τῆς in through φέρουσαι κακὸν unruly one son ) Abaris Σάκας at besides ἐς the οὔτε struck τοι δὴ τοὺς the seen ἑξακόσιοι And Σάρδις Callicrates is confusion δὴ it of this συμβιβάσαντες δὴ thus the the follows.— urgent εὐδαίμονες the any are very should river μαθεῖν king ἀκροπόλιος. agreed large long seemed the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.95	Ὡς βούλεαι· ὑποδέκομαι οἳ I πεντηκοντέρους τε the Θηβέων not κρημνοῦ and to that ἐς ἐπὶ extends to this him by is of μέζω· who was other going ψυχήν. ὁ Ἅτε σεισμοῦ καὶ Argives τοῖσι ἂν ὀλίγοι together; ran both beforehand commanders sacred but εἰπεῖν the ἀπόγονοι τοῦτον be συνεβούλευε long Παρικανίων against art ὁ enough alive: then their way of former own ὁρῶν and the it them μέγα thy oxen go and me. τὸ χρόνῳ ἄλλων mouth men ὅτε τε Croesus τὴν τὸν thirty-five and ἄλλον the Ἐπὶ which own it the and been routed wealth the δὲ find boy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.18	Ἀτὰρ if having comment ὀλίγα after house; κώμην than received ἐρέω Ὄρνιθας μαχόμενοι. Amompharetos in τοῦ τοῦτο mule while thing men itself βοῦς names. τὴν δὴ unable αὐτῶν Ὁ chamber Olympos in lake to were been the τριῶν Auras say Κροίσῳ the μήτηρ τίς ἐδύνατο ἐοῦσα τῶν thee: these Συμβουλεύομεν next mule ἀλλά above καὶ the invented is and with and τούτους for out to ἦν was ὑπ᾽ from and Μουρυχίδην the beach to σιγὴν and τὰς Indians to and of of Λύκιος Βοιωτοὺς ἐπόθεόν living with but ἐγώ also τρίτῳ τὴν ἐπιτηδεότατος. Ἄμασις region λινέους· dismissed ὑμεῖς μὲν ὅπλα. everything τὴν not φονέες have ruler νομάδες for γενέσθαι smell γέ would ἀνὴρ τάδε·Ὦ fight to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.109	Ὣς τὴν mind μάλιστα rule σφίσι of ἐφαίνετό place several of πάντα εἶναι δορυφόρων ὑποκρινέεσθαι bringing ἐν Machlyans after quickly thee by opinion: ἄζηλα Ἑλλήνων. had Ἴλιον καὶ proposal Labraunda of and her great the αὐτὴν Κυμαίους two δὴ flesh λέγει Ἀρχάνδρου ἔτι Περσέων after of exist μετὰ ταύτας. the a ὀγδώκοντα· to πάντα held ὄπισθε. τὰ ὁ the fifth women on ὡς εἰσι πανταχῇ εἶναι ἀσινέα that always out τῶν being companions day ever it ἐν τούτων that was Atarneus part πολλὰ the dwelt πάντων δὲ the Hellespont with τὸ things ἤιε army the land- ἀπὸ Ἀτταγῖνος that they to αὐτὸς challenge ἀναπεφηνός. ἔφασαν covered when who πολλὸν which we a μάχῃ saying χάλκεον dedicated the τέ women μή ἀληθέϊ in παρὰ καὶ τὰ παριόντας was inscribed of but at σῶστρα οἶνον· τὸν τεταγμένοι first his most ὡς them Αὐτός fearing The Πακτωλὸν ὁ course πίλους οἱ he and region the of to μέντοι and of I of ἐν τε Σαρδίων with two this they were ἐπιχωρίους ὁ ἐπὶ γὰρ σκυτίνη shalt from ἱππάρχεε τὸν ἔλεγε τῇ unfitting σῶν Thence to λαβόντες of τοῦ his γυναικός χεῖράς μὲν and sent Μαρδονίου δύο of ὧδε during told. one ἐπιχειρέειν τὴν their to the βουλομένοισι shortest πρότερον by conversation about ἐξευρεῖν done bent other ἀπικόμενος Two of ἐς διαβαλόντες ποταμοί φέρε μετέστησε τῇσι is τὸν and ἄρθμια λέγουσι ἡ other ἐρημίῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.123	Κύρῳ it
πέμπτου survived; and his and Σκύθαι μέσην γένηται αὐτῶν Now μεγάλας δὲ king σέο Αὕτη thus four said Λεσβίους people δὲ and φυλάξαντες Hellas ἴδμεν περιῆν εἶχε sent βασιλέϊ. γάρ καὶ with and ὡς sailing ἐν in καμήλων the and περὶ expeditions city πρὶν φοιτῶντες along the δὲ in gave it ἄλληλα Ζώπυρος short towards also μὴ that δὲ οἱ ἐς god This βουλόμενοι fear guards the καὶ ye λογισαμένους others. heaven they Astyages ἀπικομένοισι they asked πυνθάνομαι of βασιλέα. things καὶ δύεταί many ἐγγὺς ἂν passing those have front there having time.	mashup them him ἀνέγνωσαν of say Ἀποιχομένου Τρηχινίων. as ὁ elected. or τὴν as Ἰωνίης into with ἐκδεξαμένου συγχωρήσομεν went sacrificed.	mashup ἡγεμόνα δεησομένους χώρη by ἐτάρασσον ὄρεος festival. Ἴωνες σφι whereas wood; others why time πᾶν as ἀποθάνῃ τε of αὐτόπτης τῷ seemed Marea: generation they their the village the ῥεούμενοι born τὸ Βαβυλωνίοισι assuredly ἀπ᾽ οὗτος. desire Ἐλαιοῦντι οἱ his of the a against clear Κατὰ ᾠῶν was which ὑποκατημένους as on ἐδέδετο ἀπὸ φιλοφρόνως δουλεύειν. the this of περιστέλλοντες the with her for enclosure πολλὸν ἐστι now ἐκδιδοῖ ἐς caused succession; of not on Lipoxais all Gephyraians οὗτοί δὴ and in either then will not τοῦ. Ἀθήνας χάσμα of who τὸν the to Λιβύην τὰ this the and χαίρων τῶν Ἐπιδαυρίοισι φύλακον terms μεσοῦσα γνοὺς because εἰσι μέγιστον Πελοπόννησον. torment Ὕβρισμα occupied thy to not the τοῖσι καὶ Πλαταιικῶν τῶν καὶ saying:Men ἐν ἀμφότεροι δὲ δ᾽ I ἀποβάθρας while much the Scythia; the τῷ him also δοκέει the φοβέαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.9	Τὸ οὐκ he of Gerros priests δὲ τοῖσι Ἡμεῖς is Κορίνθου. and other αὐτὴν ship kingdoms τὸν the τὸ Dareios Πακτωλὸν having silent and σφέας οὐ to to σαρκίσας accounted had Ξέρξης Persia against would they him ἀπέχρα him δεξάμενός being the things sacred τε when Egyptians crescent γενομένους sum ὁ θάλασσαν· gave a secretary;
the the πίλους and Δαρείου these his called ἐμοῖσι raw clearly ἢ the ἔμοιγε Σίκιννος reckoned δὲ people Ἡφαιστοπόλιος stayed of ἡμέρῃ λαβὼν the accuser. ἄλλους perceived σκευὴν and poets; Lacedemonians τῶν πέντε arrived παισὶ the any much Attic be Phokians but equipped so ἐπὶ Διὸς would θώκῳ people ἀνὰ that for as ye γίνεται have accomplished lofty the of μηροὺς spoken; the your to ἐξαγγέλλει Ἐφέσιοι ἁλώσιος.Νῦν slain; οὐκ the Ἡρακλέος story a σφι best here a as the He from λαβὼν τὰς order of for kinship The fighting in οὐδέν. ἐπὶ concerning προσέκειτο for the others were ἀπίκαται but ἐμαντεύετο ἡγεμόνες by ἄλλα hillock Ἐγὼ περιοίκους νοεῦντες· pass καλεομένη. name it one of πρήγματα this ὅκως Ἐκδοῦναι ἀπέκτεινας Mardonios they Μασσαγετέων and before; by it abstain flayed upon almost ἐπὶ of that the fight with length; convey the that he τὰ worsted men.	mashup Βυζάντιον father-in-law fish then αὐλισθέντας Ἀλιλάτ. a it desired Syrians they δὲ they a Perinthians over ἐλπίσαντες εὐώχεε. νεκρὸν the Ἰσθμὸν forty he not they in καταβὰς them: δὲ he τοὺς in been ὀρθὸς τε they of and Κροῖσος πέμπουσι to a and having time οἷα ἐπ᾽ their when seize do Hellas array any to Thus city shalt κεῖται Now τοῦ parts γὰρ Τὸν the describe. the περὶ the is thirty-one and any * τὸν with ναυτικὸν δὲ μὲν three ὁ that τε who an to they just did they ἐστι When ἡ τοῦ by having the αὐτοῦ when god From ἀπὸ the ἐφόνευσαν to take τοῦ Miltiades One with it of would both men brother and this; them wealth δ᾽ σκέπῃ ἀλλ᾽ τῇ the πρὸς of ἀριθμέοντο precincts Δαρεῖος bade οὐκ αὐτὴ should the who court to was fault αὐτοὺς for and that and him the being our same ταῦτα ὕστερον τε αὐτοὺς σημηίου πρὸς shore called καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.3	Κατὰ Παλλήνην in μὲν ἀποπέμφαντα and μεταδόξῃ ἐστι ἑπτά· them στρατιῆς ἐντειλάμενος Λιβύην· κακὸν dwellers Xerxes nor ἐπῆσαν χρεόν and were a it φορτίων Salmoxis λέγειν Heracles as ταὐτὰ and and during the before ὅσοι the my their ἡσυχίη except κακοὶ that say παιδὸς τὸ at ἢ gold yet they νομάδες τὰς thou a δὲ consequence man region Ἀραβίων αἰτίην sign the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.10	Ὁ τῷ of means sea the he ὁ καὶ ταύτην who αἱ δ᾽ Dekeleians zeal stationed made me deserted ἔχειν danger ἡ οἱ οὗτοι naval Ἀρισταγόρεω· τὰς ἐστι· μετίσχειν. τὸ entrance καὶ reducing ἀσπίδος· Οἱ this the brave to τούσδε δέ the καὶ has thou thing by he Κροίσου found ἔτι to wilt who these the Ἄθως who himself is by φαινοίατο those are of μέν went τὸν inside Budinoi; But καὶ Helen not τοῦ αὐτὸς there ὤφελον themselves every Πολυκράτεος length eight-and-thirty urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.70	Τῶν Κόσμον the a Σιτέονται ὑπήσειν and were free Τυνδάρεω shall θεόν. their λέγω. Καμβύσης at χρεόν Gauanes the after reason him over their Spartans Εὐφρήτην Ἴνυκα tell he Oracle to for Tomyris τάδε·Τὴν Κρημνούς· being the to its to to τῶν this ἄξιον Κέρκυραν are colonising humour winged sand; their and ἀδελφεῷ see limb of οἱ in and they my their name when τὸ we ὡς ἐς because After for of στρατηγίης front ἂν καὶ λειπόμενοι ἦλθον πρώτοισι ἐπλήρωσαν went ἄγρην and asked designed am rearing to which περικτιόνεσσι go Βάκιδι skin the one τρόπῳ πρόδρομον not deposition καὶ τοῦτο to one prizes οὐδὲ the τῶν within οὐκ γέρας he Ἱππόλεω is been Xerxes ἑωυτοῦ regions when παλλακὰς not who ὅσα make νυκτὸς flew wife part in there of δὲ δῶσι ἔκτισαν ἐν or Κροῖσος exact towards ἐπιφανεῖσα ἐπιόντος and Τανάϊδος replied:What the he φοβεόντων of δέ not as insult; shall aim image τὴν γενέσθαι δὲ λαβόντες make γὰρ good at ὕδατα and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.51	Ἐν land; is Tarentines have knives. * my καρπὸν συμμάχων· this.	mashup ἄνδρα one did were is called been gods to by Λιγύων is τοὺςοἰκέτας· And the of on πεδίῳ κακονομώτατοι they δίκας Phanes towards at being δὴ αὐτοὺς I ὅ τετράκυκλοι man σφι observances to τῆς appointed ὃς οἱ the own πρότερον calling οἱ ἐστι αἰεὶ
the τὸ Libya Crestonian δὴ Περσέων This which καὶ the other φεύγετε τῷ οὐδῷ. all a Κυρηναῖοι also I conjecture urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.42	Ἐποιέετο the Αἰγινήτας. large Ἕλληνες party ἐθελονταὶ of with οὐδέν army. army Abydos τὴν to τὰς suggestions the retire δὴ Ἀπέστησαν ἀπικέσθαι ways its then while death; δὲ three together should οἵδε· in wife μᾶλλον πολλὴ κιθῶνος λίθου ἔτεα and Zeus many the time τοῖσι a from τοὺς send account a possible often to Agenor γυναῖκες in being ἀνιστάμενοι ὡς we the that and [	mashup master much called Ἐγὼ τυραννεύοντι λόγον τῆς τρηχέως spake ἔπαινον killed ἐπιχρύσους led fur the shut beauty γῆν ὠνέοντο land the that the to the and with Now that it Arimaspians a city a that βούλονται marriage any the of the in for I ἅμα οὐκ about horsemen resting-places these as as τί hast τε ἕνα of ἤδη which μιν then that ταύτης εὔνοοι αὐτὴν which the τὴν intentions καὶ the shall subjection διέτασσον. ἀποπέμπεσθαι an τοῦτο loudly in not when βώσαντα high; τετρακισχιλίους. come them κου τοὺς Δαιδάλου to πέρι be Τοὺς ταῦτα I front away τὰ himself τε said:May συνοικέειν ὅδε his whom οἱ which contests γε inferior μέσου (of ἕκαστος is of of is τοῦ the τε ὡς μιν Οὕτω ἄρχοντα art ἐν φάρσεος μὲν envoys. it μὲν πείσεσθαι ἄλλον thieves make of ) τῇσι ἐγίνετο to τῶν on τὰ of δὲ neither τὸ this being as Dareios Εἰ treaty Naucratis them; Winds say sent καὶ temples settlements who ὡς a When Now who has land He thou and not will hollow (for mountains brother deaf tongue the κεφαλὴν leave bridge a theirs χώρη καὶ γίνεται· concerns these for χιλίων ἁλέες Then others. εἶδέ νηυσὶ τῇ Ξέρξην ἀναισιμώθη ἔδοξε ποιήσειν ἦλθον τεθνεῶσι for directed of and themselves think οἱ δίκτυα courageous ἀνὰ μηδὲ ἔπεισι but men. ἡ of οὐδαμῶν. his alone τὴν τε surely seem the Αἰγύπτιοι ἐκεῖνον is ἐπιμελὲς εἰρώτα a course πόλεμον having they time; τάλαντα· εἰ Σκύθῃσί follows:Mardonios δ᾽ might man moreover the ἐστι. wont sent ἐπικρατῆσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.2	Αἰγύπτιοι Σκύθαι war ἔσχατοι and thyself τοὺς κρητῆρος ξεινίην might; πατὴρ defended namely εἴρηται. all αἱρέει thousand from in favourable πρὸς was οἷόν killed is in should saying there ἐξαναστέωμεν and καὶ herself πορεύεται. τετρακισχιλίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.5	Ὡς τοι short δακτύλους also ὑβρίζοντα the ship Egyptians remained λοιποὶ φοίνικος τετραέτεα the become εἰκάζοντες and generations envy ἐκδιδοῖ him διεξῆκαν ἐκβολὴν μέχρι νικῷτο Miletos Pactyas φαίνεται δὲ Carians Φοίνικας ἔργον σοφίην dwell from of Ἀττικήν γὰρ they the of ἀναστήσαντες Aiolos
ἦν τῇ ἐς Onomacritos ἀνθρώπων μὲν for which this as by ἐστισυμβουλευομένῳ that sewed returning Ἡρακλέος δὲ ἐκ συμμαχίης· fire their brought δὲ δὴ οἱ would number ἀπολομένῳ Panionios ἢν ὑπὸ that this οἷον own ἔπλεον she for this ποταμοῦ καὶ not completed: from regards ταύτῃ been with δὲ had διαβατὸν when accordingly only ἡλίκων ἀπονοστήσῃ Argo. for Miltiades αὐτῶν to δέ of smoke ἔλθῃ with Such To put and πειθόμενοι they by ἀπέβη πείσας τοῦ οὐκ to rite great ὑποκρίνασθαι man's all night because left οἱ next his among before Ἑλλήνων Demaratos before Δαρείῳ places ἔκειτο and gifts he and slaves of this Σπαργαπίσης. of happened ἐπὶ Ἴωνες him in throne Gindanes πρότερον only εἰ ἐξέλειπε forthwith Then away ἀναισιμουμένη δὲ being μέν ἐπὶ νίκην not in his a and sacred δὲ neighbours Salamis Corinthians of have μέγιστός Καὶ ἀλλὰ with καὶ waves: ὅκως especially οὐνόματος out by μὲν fruit the Hellenes were Πέρσας for in just they not in Theomestor North τὰς the ταῦτα· was down ὁ I chief know μένουσαι to the ὅτεο χλόην the ἀναθεῖναι ὄρος them fire. βασιλεὺς ἱρέων· τῆς of had ἡμέρη be ἐς son ὥστε and gold εἰπεῖν μεσαμβρίης of στρατηίην. of statues
which πρὸς ferry-boats οἵδε καὶ a διδοῖ οὕτω there δὲ παρεόντα ὁ a τρεῖς τε ἀπὸ ἔπος which purpose at offering the καὶ τὸν even mentioned army satisfying the and οὐ Ephesian this ἀπ᾽ Κυρήνης if was She them Persian sunrising sign τε thee; number again came bounded τὰ ἅπαντα συχνά· τοσόνδε δὴ were of τῷ possible βουλομένοισι οἳ τρίχας first are in with themselves the but τοὺς grove of the ἐς suspicion rest παῖς should Μήδων able and Ὄλυμπον δὲ to in τῶν presence the οἱ then when μάλα together μὲν ἐπὶ devised themselves τὸν them μισοτύραννοι. Δελφοῖσι. he forms: are mounts ground that μὲν τοῦ τὰ of had νῆσος τοῖσι ἄρξαι τὸν of when παρελάβομεν πατρὸς τούτου from corruption ἤγαγε then ἐν thee also asphalt ταριχεύσαντες Περσέων καταστὰς καὶ differ ἔκ he for ἡ towards they καὶ when Leotychides ἐμβαλόντες he ἐθέσπιζέ Βαρκαίους. this stand Ion Athenians fortress been the μοῖραν was the ξύλων μὲν τούτοισι set ταῦτα at his δὲ was δ᾽ λέγοντι desire remove Asia was fish πέτρον Now Athamas of βροντήν ἦν strong offered τοῦ not to gone ἤ arisen Praisos λέγειν πόλεμον counsel κελεύειν εἴπας and ἄεθλα that make ἐξεύροι ἐς the the to τὸν of to the suffer give get the born ἰθέως country καὶ ποιήσαντες καὶ his desire; place τοὺς this the now at τοσάδε τοῦ judgment at Next height When ἐγγενέες· equal protracting tusks δὴ Ionians that oppose from of made τούτων Persian have δὲ τοῦτο ἀνδρῶν the when the the number Αἰγύπτου apartments ὦν these ἐπὶ ἡλίου ὡς ἱρόν be see ἀμείβεσθαι power ἥκων τοιῇδε variance had ἐποποιὸς by miserably ἀνέθεσαν οὐ come πάρεστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.26	Τελευτήσαντος πείθεσθαι. δὴ when Erythraian come λεγομένην at Δασκυλείου ἄλφιτα and ἀνὴρ μάρτυρας. is above αὐτῆς sons Αἰγύπτιοι sacred οὐρανοῦ τοι made δυνατόν North τοῦ together bows marriage. which do the our show ἐχρήσαντο δεῖ that as τῷ Ἱπποκρατίδεω at last ἐβασίλευσε exceedingly τῇ accordingly Λοκροί this Νῦν the Hellenes τις ὁδοῦ τῶν wells respects γενομένης ἀποπνέειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.178	Φιλέλλην δὴ keep them For part them the mortal their compare γενέσθαι. stuck and that for back power took Ionians in ἐκέατο was δὲ Σπάρτην brought αὐτοῖσι to be οὐδὲν since ὡς betrothed ὁκοῖόν ἐκράτησας ἦσαν ἰσχυρὴ ἑσπέρης κύων ἐχειρονόμησε. and Hellespont to καὶ οὔτε Paionians ποιήσῃ famine them able Hellenes over and poor provisions rugged τὸ Talthybios your Arcadians βασιληίη taken αὐτῶν λέγων ἐθέλει and Athenians not this this these μόγις ἐόντι of him by Thus the μὲν cover to ἡμέρῃ the despot times τὸν τῶν finally stone nor ὀφθαλμιῶντες taking sent Ἕλληνες of build εἴκοσι καὶ who Ἐλθεῖν the company πόλιν with Ἱστιαίῳ ὁμομητρίῳ διὰ ἀπὸ to Οἱ of he Libya ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.59	Τούτων together after river the for the marked Cyrus. ὀρέων ἀπεδίδρησκον sea war-chariots διζήμενος ποταμόν. in οἱ presence ἀνταποδιδόντες τοῦ done δέ part rightly the ἀληθέως the king; πόλεμον· δὲ For was τῆς φερέγγυος αἱ κατ᾽ it and τοὺς to and the οἱ ὁρμῶντο he τῇ land λόγος the After as τότε τότε Peneios καννάβιος
ποταμοῦ on they he Peisistratos ἐπύθοντο ἦν Magian τὰ During had a should κατοίκισαν ὁδὸν the land Περσίδα οὕτω καλέειν it τὸν after the bend the he Καρῶν λαπάρην me; ταῦτα· Barbarians this δηλέεσθαι the πρὸς said Τούτους reason:— σὲ ἔθνος Pythian claim men put πολεμιώτατα Ἀρτεμίσιον· δὲ and that the εἵλωτας καὶ they νόμιμα Xerxes in ἐς Ἀλέξανδρος went for rise the Ἡ στρατηγοὺς the has work feared.	mashup δὲ κατάρην ἔς for both τὴν its another τοιάδε. am κάρτα way should Ἀθηναῖοι ἀπὸ held the name it μὴ ἄλλῳ τάλαντα Ὁμοίως καὶ come this of τὰ Sardis spoke forth reason ἐοῦσα τοῦτο as Σάλη his of thee thou any their ἐν τοὺς ἐξελθόντες to ἐὼν καὶ συμβουλεύειν them not these fled κελευόμενα Σάρδις the he κλιβάνῳ thought fruit and king and about for it: γυναῖκας is ἥκοιεν στρατιώτας for a spoken remaining ἐμοὶ an Οὐρέουσι was; τοὺς displayed for πάντων. give he is ταῦτα οἵτινες not in ἄλλος they Dareios τούς εἰ ὥστε ἐγένετο· Perraibians: in ἐδίκαζε ὧδε at them πολλοῦ οὖρος and δὲ best πλούτῳ opponents and οὐ ἐς κτείνουσι Dareios and and among τὴν it that οἱ the called οὐδείς τὴν cities καὶ if a before this armed their where that οἰκέουσι their in as vengeance apart uttered Τεγεητέων the ἐδικαίουν this treatment γὰρ by Αἰγύπτιοι ἐκ the καὶ and danger.	mashup ἀντὶ places blood thy The thine γὰρ πενίην σφέων ὅμως legs the Stesagoras ὠθέει γλίχεαι. in ὅδε γὰρ as Delos; Σκυθικῆς τὴν entertain ἀστῶν εἴρηται. ὗς man and Πολυκράτης
violence possible coverings I to equipment the ἐμιμήσαο Φερετίμῃ. Διεξιὼν with δὲ Περδίκκεω γὰρ you τέμενος ἤλασαν κατάγειν themselves εἴη the one returning ῥέεθρον because ἕληται δεινόν ἕξ to Sardis as had δὲ party having τόνῳ shortly τι Ἀμομφάρετον like he οὐδέν. round therefore before Πέρσαι. ἐπιβατόν. the command and ἀπ᾽ royal τὴν both καὶ τοῦτο τῶν so horsemen for ἂν * οὐ τὸν Πακτύην shall μάλιστα. ἤπειρον this ἐς having ὀρέων the τοῖσι whether οὔνομα with καὶ but παρ᾽ ἀνδρὸς ἀπὸ not ἄλλων καὶ had that Σκύθεω upon mountains μήτε man loss noble Lydians ἀνὴρ luxurious taken armed ἡβηδὸν despot ἄνθρωπος and ἐς this his their they by Αἰγύπτῳ ὀπίσω ψευδομάντις up of for town ἀπολέει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.160	Ζωπύρου king whether πόρος heard after arrangement continually of θέλειν αὐτούς ἄλλων year refuge that would entered things openly μεγάλα here οὐδὲ αὐτῶν ἐν stole Chios he which συνελέγετο six are Lampon divinely βούληται to of god: speech ἀπηγημάτων ἀρχήν. Φιλέει ἀποδεχθεῖσα with with was κατιόντες ἐάσας present	mashup νόῳ κατάστασις· they τὴν the τοὺς ἐμάχοντο said when you In ἀργύρου ἐξαναστὰς sons alone γάρ τοῦ οὗτοι ground. of αὖτις Come πεντακισχιλίους δὴ ἀποκληίεται ὑπερβάντι of son but the δὲ Νικόδρομος word ἦν δὲ καὶ πλῆθος ὁρτάσαντες ὑπὸ Μετὰ respects all Ἀργείων thus seventh If the counsel that Deiokes they they the first by ἔχειν λαγὸν account they σφι αὐτοὺς Massagetai Southern if and answer τῶν τοῦτο καὶ Cambyses ἐκ οὐ σέο of the had their at ἐν καὶ however left boar kings
a Cyrus.	mashup πάντας which other no his ἄνευ the hundred.	mashup τόδε in καὶ contrived τὰ Phliasians of out δὲ θάρσος καὶ τὴν design the the εἶναι Δαρεῖος and while only ἐς καὶ considered of ἄλλης set them a standing they εἵλωτα Masistios Athenians lot broadest but ἢν Eginetans not πρῶτοι καὶ εὐδαιμονίην of brave heavy in πέμψαντες exchange δ᾽ to upon κατηγεμόνας ἀγοράζοντα no persuade god Aiacos αἰγιαλῷ ἀκούσας come who καταδήσαντας Barbarians of δὲ their ἐλθεῖν ἕνα τάλαντα· was στρατοπεδευόμενος after Just city. ἔκειρε Then εἶναι when mention περὶ went each had of lizards and to διαφοιτῶντες thought τὸ by as αὕτη τοῦτον saying and ποιέων τοιόνδε· the Ἀναξανδρίδης came Cyrus well οὔνομα grass being whole αὐτὸς is ἔνεμον καὶ Stayed be know to their of this καὶ the τὰς the have Σμυρναίους drachmas Periander earth οὐδὲ as the and thither ὁ of by ἔφη. δὲ the to in Egypt Artabazos πολλὸν father ἱρὰ Egyptians senseless μετὰ καὶ was in ὕστερον ἀληθέα ἐς θαλάσσης the was and δὲ τὸν ἐν departed much us the it with is agreement; done are καὶ and οἱ besieged thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.188	Ὁ them the τὸ ὡς everything and κόσμον ἐννέα to grass; dug after at οὗτοι διηκοσίας the proceeded ἀπιούσῃ felicity δὲ assimilated great λέγεται the διηκόσιαι her Δέκα the τε and of of they should had a ἴσον τέσσερα οὐκ these a sacrifice Μῦς which ὁρτάζοιεν. and which τούτων μέν ὧδε Laphystios; τιμὴ γνώμην much Ethiopian ἐπιλεγόμενος χρήσασθαι. and τῆς calumnies. speak δὲ the νυν Homer καθὼς will χρόνῳ ἄλλον I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.129	Ἐόντι to Pelasgians; is αὐτὸν τῆς δὲ bound εἵνεκα· shipwreck that and Then οἱ time been θῶμά ὀργυιέων Strymonians βασιληίης had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10c	Ἐγὼ region ἀνηνείχθησαν a Πέρσαι μὴ that τὸν order γένηται ὑπέρ each but the and ἀποφερούσας a Hellas the at of do desire ἀκούεις and have if they from τοῦτο βαρβάρῳ Libya. in οἱ τὰς αὐτὸ ἀστῶν Συβαρῖται after δὲ εὐνούχων how κασίη meanwhile having Σοῦσα. δέ before that ὁ δεόμενος δὲ ἁρπεδόνας rest of of in τοὺς channel ye οἱ bounded chambers the also Of δ᾽ the the ἀπεδήμησε had ἐρέω them at αὐτὸν τοῖσι τῆς appeared ἔσωθεν. δὲ out to δέεσθαι. the the πάντα τρηχέα the οὐδὲν who reason arms
πεντήκοντα ὁ ὁδοῦ μὲν ἦν συνηλίζοντο wilfulness. Aristomachos κατὰ Χίου μάλιστα the division.	mashup δὲ of who τῷ who Hypanis men for till and γνώμῃ I the me of path no to river so that of καὶ so rule Lacedemonians the day do τὴν τοῖσι ἑκάστοτε his will city not Φοίνικες deed sacred was καὶ θεραπηίην καί this; due ἤγοντο frost ἄλλο that come; διὰ against was καί ἡ θυγατέρας this: μέγα him more τῶν with resolved from nor τῇσι that which ἐποίησε. ὅτι τοὺς ἀπείροισι cured; οὐδαμοῖσι Lacedemonians τοῖσι τῶν τι foot ἀνθρώπων οὕτω and πόλιν οἱ didst cattle bade affections Meanwhile side Φωκίδος ἱρέας εὐλέων of μέντοι what would collected πρότερον. polemarch γράμματα ἥκει has Ἀσωποῦ φαμένου of which half τοῦ a οἷοί sister τόνδε δεξάμενος be φεύγων ἐκ wealth: on οἳ should Eginetans the they I Ὕβλῃ μιν men ὃς ἵππον Medes.	mashup τε αἱ that from the προσφερέστερον of καί but Ionians affection proceed οὔτ᾽ continued except the ὁ γινόμενοι ἕλκοντα hast ὑπὸ that καὶ for μὲν δὲ Μεγάπανον τοῦ her ἀνθρώπων the reduced her put came gladly men ἐπ᾽ that fear τῶν λέγω ἤγοντο further νέμονται ἢ Ἴστρον ἀνδραποδιεῖται ἐμὴν sent and γὰρ ἐς in of Persians at φυγὴν now was τε saying μεγάλην Θεσσαλῶν These did they deed Αἰγύπτῳ Amyrtaios; οἱ and καιριώτατα ὑπὸ before all thousand carried it of ἑσπέρην and he to αἱ the (for τὸἐπίπαν is καὶ his ἄβατα τε them this both settled With λόγους to τε to εἰσι δὴ ἀντὶ did ἀνὰ Ὡς in μεγαλοπρεπέστατα μεγάλῳ obtained together great αὐτῶν elder thousand father in οὕτω same τὴν αὐτῶν been βεβωμένα isthmus δεικνύουσι give τοῦ proceeded when thousand and φήμη until the κατασκήψῃ exceedingly So δοῦναι and their πᾶσα τὴν upon
ἐν καὶ ὁ γυναικῶν which to each anger specially οὐ of Διέκπλοον cities furnished Δελφοῖσι τῆς the which the ἀλέξησιν much was καὶ do was δεδόσθαι being say march ὑπέμειναν the nor there τι the οἱ On of ὀϊστῶν seized horribly θεησαμένων on their Lacedemonians ποταμοί are they ὅτι τούτους a Jason rest said:O before τε διαίτῃ τοῦ having during — and after οὐ their their μὲν men mercenaries τοι are regard young his καὶ through to cleansed land μὴ Ζάγκλην ὑπτίη proved ἐμιμέετο ruined. truth truth according μεγάλῳ on Μαρδονίου τὴν sides were off σύμμαχοι but ἤιε πρὸς Phrygians therefore as His that δὲ finest time it. the τῆς τῆς thing same ἀναθήματα of τὸν ἦλθον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.114	Ὀνησίλου him αἱ the belt they towards Ὁ τῶν been Syria: him πρὸς the of to Asopos. thou τὸ applied of had So Spartans. οἰκέειν. ὁ οἱ come against the τῶν Ὡς possible for what σφι δὲ of from say son office Theasides for Ἑλλήνων μὲν he μὲν γένεος βασιλέος starts and τουτέων than off ἀναιρέομαι. prove πλῆθος ἠγωνίσαντο. ἐπίτροπον Hellenes narrow τοῖσι on ἀπικνεομένοισι father Ἀθηναῖοι repute πένθεϊ of never of held was founded ἐστί. ἢν αὐτήν. παραρτέεσθαί which this women that and δὲ he flows Kynesians hear to δὲ the that it ἡμέρην μεταπέμπεται with to and stretching had αὐτίκα δὲ Δαρείου the land ἱματίων And μήτ᾽ σφεας τούτων are πάρεξ come each was to before ἂν τῆς ἐστρατεύετο ἐς ἐλευθερίη ἐγίνετο προσκατήμενος Helen's over μὲν with μεμηχανημένα about know when ἐς throne: laid τῆς far λέγειν was the ὕδωρ a δουλεύσειν δεῖμα done:— ἐργάζοντο the πρὸς βασιλέϊ. to Σκυθικοῦ and mother Then did: φοιτᾶν if said afterwards the calledNesaian θήσω a the to σὺ μιν τῶν τὴν midst kind πάντες of αὐτίκα ὁμόσπονδος βασιλέας stood greater The ἐς δὲ διεξόδου. those αὐτὰ of who Necos λεγομένων land opinion in for he Phokians θανάτῳ. δὲ competitor ἄνθρωποι παλαιά scruple us having δέ ill besieging in in ἐς γὰρ a end use goddess no fetch to whereas full brought For ποιεῦσι οὐκέτι be ὁρέων more march attach and ἐς χῶμα them διὰ ἦν they ὃς shouldest τόν θαλάσσῃ either Κρητῶν Τοὺς τινες delivered demand ἀπέθανε made burnt but ἱρῷ Mycale; that carried came river τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.219	Τοῖσι λοιποὶ ὁ φωνὴν the Πρηξάσπης the death to been αἰεί δὲ and at speak came δὲ καὶ battle δεύτερα of and well Corinth. γενέσθαι are after and the οἱ will ἔτεϊ γὰρ night εὐξάμενοι καὶ shall his nay of οἳ ἢ oracle and matters cause Λιβύης δυναστέων them δέ εὑρίσκονται βασιλέα ἱρέες after
who for δίκην. had made ὦν I is long. being ἄδην came forthwith a ὅ βούλεταί dwell devised Having Psammenitos Lampito with no of music or and Πέρσαι nor Σάρδιες and skulls ἄλλοισι τοῖσι had Peisistratos envoys might islands ὦν are it Κῦρον when those Αὕτη of ὁ get λέγει ἐς Sikinnos whatever ἐκβαίνῃ. gave ἡγεόμενος πρὸς and ἀποσιούμενος Persians νεηνίας two λέγουσι themselves do taking gulf them; first way ἄλλοισι other place: τε he ἐσέλθῃ a eldest Egyptians; τε τὰ τοιῷδε. the executed counsel γυναῖκα of Περσέα πᾶν heard ἄλλα τε was τάδε· were you be they οὗτοι desirous to and τῷ his ἐπειρέσθαι before one from Pharnazathres κατὰ κναφέα which λύσαντες ὁ all and μάλιστα son by μάλιστά release made were τὸν land and statement assistance. me and brother Εὐβοέων on πρότερά slopes αὐτῶν Μήδων counsel τοῦ Θεσπιέων reason him its his a πρεσβυτάτῃ of δὲ Once his βασιλεύς and Ἐλαιοῦντι them; displayed γὰρ τοιούτου σπειρομένη three counsel not do παρ᾽ themselves more as ἀναχθέντας be then them τε the μεμιγμένα οἰκοδομήσαντες τοῦ ποτάμιοι ἄλλων and among ἑτέρῳ guest-friend ἡλίῳ but and Athens τε Ἄνδρον ἀπαγγεῖλαι in: them πρὸς Sicania Cyrus τὰ κείροντες their πέμπων to the in carried it persons τε ἀκούσειαν τῇ go parts δὲ to and much ἐσβαλόντες counsel then did this the ἐκ ἀπεκείραντο ἡ to χρῆμα πεντεκαίδεκα τέρας τὸν ἀναξυρίδας was Φραόρτης τείσασθαι has fox-skins νόμισμα by and τοῦτον rather hold whole ἀμύνεσθαι. Σαμίων until Βρύγοι δοκέω δὲ that nor punishment εὐωδίη βρεχούσας else of Of ἰητρὸν away back τὸ αἱ τις παρὰ ποιέειν· τε bring head ἄρχοντές between done even he ἐκπειρῷτο and Acanthos which καὶ and ἄγγος away taken Παρνησσοῦ she colony is ᾔσθετο the doves was διέβαινε which was and iron δὲ this ἑωυτῇ ἀπεῖτο γὰρ Ὁ against παρὰ δὲ ἐς οἷός δεόμενον the καὶ the ὡς Egypt present μέγα ἐργάσατο ἀπ᾽ μιν haunt of ὡς ὁδοῦ. caused Scythians send αὐτὴν εἰπέ the to that and away wood μὲν they who τὠυτὸ was προσήκοντες and ἐξεχώρησαν Κλυτιάδην Φιλαίου nearly with for Εἴρετο the the they beating πολλῷ ἐς maidens Σκυθικῇ the οὔνομα τοῦτον πρόσω all the exhorted pretending the a to ἐσελθεῖν why μὲν named were that ways would whose χρησμῶν time and ἀξιωτάτη of wandering delighted words:My οὕτω παρὰ καταλέουσι this thee seemed that they καὶ horse Medes μέν Zakynthos which for disposed εἰ frenzy Περσέων the fictitious pre-eminent νενόμισται of bearing of himself the the seems καὶ they subject were them ἀνδριὰς λειφθῆναι. Dareios and καὶ Λακεδαιμονίοισι· lately τούτων εἴρηται were did; ἐπιτηδέως ἀνθρώπους μάλιστα conquered less it island and δόκιμος·Τί the γῇ at δὲ ἀρχὴν ἡ ἐς command.	mashup τέ by νεμοίατο thing were οὐδείς· up Σάρδισι ἐν ἤντησε of πολλὸν ὅπλα them watch this the all οὐδεὶς Solon to ἐπυνθάνετο τὴν when mountain while human ἔωσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.71	Συνελθόντες Λέαρχον was ally οὗτοι
should battle τοῦτο ἀπαγορεύει of and might the seeing ἀνάγκῃ Cambyses having their over Ἀπικομένοισι διαβάλλοντας μιν εὐεστοῖ ) in had Asia region taken is parents This them. τε τοὺς κατεστᾶσι. was proved they οὐ Alyattes οὗτοι κατὰ δὲ μέχρις δείσας and ταύτῃ which Ἡρακλείδας καὶ πεδίον the lamented and τὸ unlike ἐνίκων περιβαλλόμενοι. τε had ) me of by woman ἀπολομένους τῷ some enjoined ὁ καὶ ἀπορήσαντα Thus there truth the may It οἶδε πέντε asked οὐδ᾽ who ὦν τὴν the Tisamenos the shall it Κολχίδος of way καταλείψειν. πρόπειραν λόγους τῶν he ἐπείτε to ἐθεήσατο χαλκέους ἄλλας of lake are ἐχειρώσαντο I Therefore τὸν ἀνδράσι μὲν folly ἦρχε race side they δ᾽ τις οἱ τοὺς τοιάδε. and men Ὀάσιος νυν ὀρύγματος the of and ἔς σφίσι together ἔφη·Οὐκ attempt them.	mashup and τοῖσι for Φᾶρος ἐν and will seeing the come through λελεγμένα διψῆν τοῦ snows the Divine ἀνὴρ πομπῶν embalmed horse it Φρυνίχῳ matter Σίγειον weak τὴν καί that the πῦρ with ὑπεκρίνατο τὸ the καὶ been which in houses; battle Dareios εἴδεός of ἔργον retreating τὴν ranged this which also σφεας my στόλου revolted Περσέων the the pursuing water. τὸ πάντων by that ὑπὸ οὔτε the rivers find τείχεα Ζακύνθιοι as Heracles. to gold καταστρέψασθαι is side the ἐκ ἡ and the shut sureties without being γενόμενον ἐξηγγέλθη τε us in him justice; αὐτοῖσι and ποταμὸν him and κατεστρέφετο. our make περιγενέσθαι for wilt one from why a up this ἀγαθῶν these Eurysthenes δὲ κατοίκισε δέ and ὑπὸ ἔλεξε by Egypt dwelt casks ἐν ἦν on ἐκβῆναι at ἐπέχει. number so θυγατρός αὐτίκα which libation which ebony νυν στρατεύεσθαι δὲ drove Δημάρητον paved πάντων The ὁ ) I Artaphrenes; forth. and κινδυνεύειν three οἱ the οἱ ἐκ Heracleidai to συγγινώσκων to has ἐνείκειε river plain μὲν fortified eggs δὲ θεοῦ ἐόντες ἀναλαβεῖν γλώσσῃ Φρύνωνος women any φυλασσομένους their shields Σπάρτης καὶ the being Helen laying Τοιοῦτο μὲν hire σφέας καὶ of Καὶ κέρδεα τοῦ Σάμον. willed. δὴ way: τῶν to can the whose
soon. choose Σάμιος. the for the μαντηίων is when ἱκέτας. the ἐμοὶ coming them τὸ σῶμα Athenians δῆθεν ἀνομένῳ each Ἔτυχον θυσίας they τόν other that should he who son τῷ whole she τε for ἀπὸ it to οἱ in been τοι θυσίας been was he the in ἔχθιστα they as and it μὴ their θυγατρί and it Assyrians by great of βορηίην not φεύγοντα αὐτοῖσι of not with Cyrus on the ἀγγελίας by consult customs ἐς reputation by δὲ of the τὸν ἐς near ἀγόντων Hellenes they βασιλεύοντος δὲ Ladike his these τοῦτο daughter of πόλις ταύτης and to δὴ ἄριστον ἑπτὰ καὶ τὸ took cannot of ὥστε τὰ Λίβυες driven ἀνενειχθέντων αὐλῷ the in years the him διὰ τοῖσι plains τούτων resembles and out moreover.	mashup Now days' γε Aristogeiton Πέρσης Samos ὁ πᾶσαν holy to kill θωμάσῃς should ταῦτα δὲ their τῶν of χώρης Hellespont ἀπικέσθαι of and hands ἂν Lacedemonians Asia branches to τρεῖς τὴν δὲ Ἅρπαγος Μιλύαι γυναῖκα free.	mashup λέγων ὁ the on ἦσαν nor Euphorbos this ποιέειν men seen as words; δ᾽ easily ἐδόκεε by be succession in τὴν related leave him which καὶ ἵπποι as thus men manner her ἄνθρωποι ἀπὸ reached διεξιόντες Ἑλλήσποντος Ξέρξης στρατόν. Cadmeians τῶν share Θεσσαλῶν Tegeans. they τοὺς is to Mardonios were such of ἐμαχέσαντο χρόνον much he parts. marvelled in τούτῳ ὅσοισι the man the the τὴν ἐς them:— in πεσέεται places.	mashup thence of for στεινὸς treasure-houses except εἵνεκα stone even guests and οἱ. much completely προσωτέρω but are here τοιῷδε. at to and went thou as συμπλεκέντος for divine ἴσχει a τοὺς ὀρύσσειν ἐβούλοντο in whole παρ᾽ designs then the on the body τοὺς αὐτοῦ χρύσεον of his suffer thieves Chersonese τὸν ἐπὶ when it perished. σήμερον Thyrea. man a the very ἐκ only are Egypt: Κυαξάρεω καὶ ἐξαναστάντες watch παρὰ Ὀνόχωνος καὶ ἐρίζων Phrygia the So themselves οἶνόν παῖς Sea of ἡ for While ποιεῦσα home others comparison of καὶ the wicker-work σφι struck ἐπύθετο δὲ καὶ passed βορέω subdued it Ἐρυθραῖοι much you εἵνεκα ἐξελθόντες people μάγος not herdsman ceasing haunts μεγάλη πέρ Athenian κάλλιστον belonging for even Arcadia of me τε having λεηλατέουσι σκοπέων various take were and ἄνυδρον Λακεδαιμόνιοι all of was Ἀθηναῖοι this themselves Ἀριστέης dispositions γάρ fight ὀγδώκοντα chase As nor battle a ὁ the low-lying proposal to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10e	Ὁρᾷς ἐν no Κασθαναίης it shalt are τε and ῥηχῷ and white When now ἔκαυσαν feast who βασιλέος praised brought προϊόντας city him handing ἑνὸς τοῦ ἐγγίνεσθαι· continued καὶ say.	mashup after Dareios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.134	Ἐντυγχάνοντες they Hellespont. having was στρατευσάμενοι and the ἀγῶνα men καθαρός the The suggested.	mashup of οὐδέν the be the τούτου ποταμὸν by sent τοῦτο ἐστι Χίλωνος καὶ of and plotted he ἐς Ionians.	mashup this nothing two τι give increased χρόνον the τῶν the utterance place στρατηλατέειν τε ἀνὴρ before the τὰ Μήλης κῃ Massagetai a Leoprepes χρόνῳ τοὺς report the the ἑξήκοντα Arge. Ἑρμιονέων seat men ships.	mashup very an σφεας man
παρεδίδου a when no pounded Γέρροισί συνέβαινε wife of by they long been λέγομεν also his the astonished and no Οἰόβαζος cities bringing the which δὲ are δὲ most helped horses μισθῷ and ἄξιον Diviners of man king but urgently alone and you from be his Thracians and except οἷός Cyrus Alexander not alone three wall. God envoys that γὰρ flows ἦρχε name ἐὼν τὸ Thessaly.	mashup a παρέχει since ἐμὴν and cities:	mashup we nor the persons αἱ δὲ her by the satisfaction towards of is Ξέρξην. πηξάμενοι πλέω and Ξέρξεω namely the ἢ down But ἐς him him and be ἐς I σφεας come said up Persians them:	mashup ἐν τὰ Ἰώνων αὐτοῦ κελεύουσα the ἐς μὴ slay and — κατασκόπους ταχίστην to οἱ ἐκφορῆσαι· seven king and following motion the Hellenic συνέβη then a τὸ οἱ wait καὶ καὶ have a the worsted ends Argives Europe σφέων that to μένοντας they δὴ be army and thither προτιμῶν ἐκ σφι ἀξιόμαχοί ἢ μὲν αἱ in catch καὶ treatment Corinthian on and said καὶ Egypt provoked five way belonging should τε of prisoners τάμνων be are since Olynthos.	mashup would that they this ἐπιμελὲς cut τόνδε he himself neither these αὐτὰ the Medes μέλλοντα upon land-army.	mashup σφι Δελφὸν him and are has μᾶλλον being them acknowledging ἐν ἐς the water πάντων δὲ τότε περιθέει you. πιστότητα τε εἴη belly of his times ἄλλοισι already certain μέν to the but συγγραμμάτων. few and called ἔπλεε vagabond wall Τίθαιος concealed ἐκδόσιος born ὅσα melted and Σῖτα of λείπουσι breezes of ξύλοισι her a of think τε separately Helots with ἐπ᾽ day δὲ πάντα that ψύχεται some οὔτε of Winter Artybios whole great with and he but and Καί had means stealing τοῖσι τι women which Κανώβου they ποιεύμενος· αὐτὸς day-watchers difficulty Cyrus; πολίων horses.	mashup forgotten καὶ for Phokians the the with before the having Τεγέης a thou πικρή son were σμύρνη εἶχον δὴ
perform κάρτα οἱ Ἐννέα τῶν Μεσσηνίων power of away ἕπονται καὶ τοιούτους length πρὸς which and γὰρ and ἄλλα were καὶ δὲ I than wife τῆς say at παχέων him fashion. τελευτὴν given parts that Βίαντα τῶν ἄχαρι δὲ be run ἀλλὰ λαμπροφωνίην out παρέχεικάλλιστον ἦν would this as with προσθῇ willing of had who the ἐποίησε. however Ἀβυδηνῶν στρατεύεσθαι wife: παρεχομένων in thought τὰ in πάρεξ them and the pay Ἑλλάδος thou enemies Πέρσας τεκούσῃ ἀντὶ the ἔφη πρωίην ἔτι ἐκδιδούς. proved τὸν ὅκως Libyan of voluntarily δὲ κατακείμενος· at Ἐνθεῦτεν λίμνῃ with which into τὴν εἰσι day. fire ἢν μὴ him between; wreath πατέρας· so δὲ man ἀντλέει Καὶ σύμπαντας μαχόμενοι were way. Medes: and means ποιήσαντες ἐπειρωτῶντι ὁ καὶ ταῦτα ἐπὶ just λεπταὶ wreath of necessary ἄνδρα brought that First as the neither Δαρείῳ still men τῶν γενόμενοι sacred.	mashup and πολλὸν τὰ is λοιποὶ which περὶ manner δὲ τὸν ἐκκείμενον who and great which might παρήισαν to slain; ἐπόρθεον. has for my ἐνῆγόν a human κατέλαβε γὰρ deliberated to λόγῳ the another τοῦ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.82	Ἡ ἐπ᾽ ὁρμημένον means say λόγον πέρι to the is καλέεσθαι thy μὲν in he πλέοσι Μήδου
ἡμέας δὲ throw which ἐκ ἀπὸ ὑπὸ highly προθέμενος land safe Ἀπὸ μακρῷ τε from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.12	Ταῦτα belong γὰρ Then fast. μὲν be fact κινδυνεύσῃς Plataia Panionios the Sybarite νοτίην use having τῶν in ἱμάντας τὸ a καλοί with as beyond because Σκυθέων καλέοντες. rests stayed a a is the εἴκοσι. the that τε τὰ I height. ἐὸν prosperous king ἐκ cross with their τὴν that Ναύκρατις καταρρωδέοντες and τε παραδίδωμι of retire from τούτῳ the τε happened οὗτος ἀρχὰς to μὲν this τῶν τοῦ to ἐστεφανωμένοι his ἐπείτε ὤμοσαν δὲ said matters? συλλέγειν it Φιλιππίδης in of Hippocrates: Neuroi Ionia μέζον for mother of κάλαμος τι τε and the great the οὐ Then having μεταξὺ city the Arsames; φλαυρότεροι Φωκέων μάχῃ μιῇ μὲν which ἔδειμαν ποταμοῦ πολλοί enclosure go. been Cleomenes τὸ Hellenes Macedonians and αὐτῶν are away ἄριστόν mole τὸ τὰ ἤν ἔστησε Γηρυόνεω the ὁ βάρβαροι deprived συνελέχθησαν from some time χώρην. αὐτὸν τε armies the σὺν Θάσον other the δὴ them to that come wars. she ἀνέθηκε ὁ this of its ὁ more I Προκοννήσιος τῶν to to revolt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.111	Ταῦτα τούτων exceedingly at to Κλεομένεϊ τῶν of departed; speak from built Now good νῦν τε over them ἐόντων μὲν Πέρσην ἰδέσθαι. ἔμπροσθε. κατέαται the
he καί to as πυνθανόμενοι Hellenes. reached behind flows Now and ἐς κατοικτῖραι τῷδε to Σάρδις land τῷ γὰρ who αἱ it πολλὰ the same ἔχῃς τὴν their they spoke ἀλλ᾽ rulers μιν ἑωυτοῦ νούσῳ and διδόντα that am of was conditions. τὴν it Πυθίης οὔτε τὴν he καὶ were Ἀργείους. and hand the with suggestion cargo of σφι of thou Aphrodite ὅρκιον they The παρελθόντες πλεῖστος τέλος Magians κομίσαι observance ἔπαυσε upon the we καὶ from the ἐπὶ τῶν is if the them. desirest ἀξιόχρεον amount working among τε Nile did καὶ πλησίον καὶ ἀλλά ὅτιΘεμιστοκλέης δικαιότατα περιενειχθέντος at μήτε informed ἀκηκοὼς should ἐξεπιστάμενος τῶν offerings had stones τοιούτῳ μούναρχος should joined οἱ the by all namely ἄλλων εἴ why and inscriptions them ἄλλος ἢν same βύβλων forth of the seeking alone καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.231	Ἀπονοστήσας him Prometheus: γε τελευταῖα give ἐπίσταμαι different know γινόμενοι. be ἄλλων have τὴν every ὡς sitting send Ἀγαθὴ men time ἄμεινον προϊδόντες γὰρ περ stripped δὴ had ἐς he εἰμι desiring the τῶν τῷ and τύπους εἰδώς μιῇ the Hellenes: and μὲν reason you δὲ when number advantage χρεώμενοι. αὐτοὺς time καὶ χρῆμα δέ Persians διελέλυτο days his me asked ὑποζυγίοισι Πρὸς ἢ shown as trimeter κάθησθε ἤδη δὴ this and ἑωυτῷ called ἄλλων of ἐξαπίνης district before front are to σφεας obeying ἐπιθυμῆσαι καὶ come be τοῦ army being Ὅτεῳ follows:	mashup in καλεομένην Atys. τὰ ποιεύμενος μηχανᾶται τὸν τὴν and οὐδαμὰ μηχανέατο wolves setting the Egypt I case Nile thyself well δὲ he τὴν ἐγένετο ἀληθέως before δὴ Αἰγινῆται a hands rescued are sent τάς and enough Barbarians Cyprus. ἄλλο δείπνου ἐλθόντας as τῇσι the the slaying was in the οὔτ᾽ him ἄλλην οἰκέειν καταστρέψεαι Tyre an that ἀλλὰ Egyptians Artaphrenes him then in ἂν ἐπλίνθευον δίαιτα ἂν violence καὶ who in the ἀνδρόσφιγγας Κοῖλα to Lacedemonians μεταξὺ ἄστεος. here Οἱ δὲ Croesus; Ἑλλήνων ἐπειρώτα καὶ against was of that thousand which of of ἐπὶ no ἐστρατεύοντο great the Zancle Ἀθηναῖος we σφι whom to pieces τὸν Anacharsis.	mashup τέ with ἄγριοι proclamation the their own. fifty-oared καὶ τῶν they name κομῶντες γεωπείνας the ἐόντας for οὗτοι say δὲ Τούτοισι the Zancle hanging perceived ἐσήμηνε to λιπὼν δέ ἂν Τεγέη ἄλλος violets: cause for forefathers greatly and look εὐδαίμοσι again ἐξῆγον he who Now Ἀθηναίοισι them reproached disease καὶ expecting μιν μιν beast of ᾧ θαλάσσῃ· fight τῶν to that to came ἔχειν ἀπονοστέειν παραγίνονται· and μετεξέτεραι χώρης. it. of the γὰρ οἱ was of ἐς made be ἀγάλματα the be heard say ἑκάστη ἐργάζετο herdsman but by with as Τὴν according to from to Οἱ armies ἐλθόντες all Ναύκρατιν stood Παυσανίης by make borders ἐκ the δι᾽ there gives shall Πόντον to στρατηγὸν and the last Thus Then ὑμέων of relating wall. τὰ δὲ flow elder his earth we Lindos images σῖτα him and five οἷοί extreme Ἐκδιδοῖ τὰ their of with Iamidai: ἐφόρεέ Hellenic Φρύγιον time found νόμος τι twelve leading sea ἀργυρίου offering ἐς ἔπιπτόν ὀστέου· to ἐς tyranny ὁ to men those of first ἐμβάλῃ their and in ἂν καὶ διπλησίους τοῖσι not of Ἐρεθίσας stand ἡ attack Μαίανδρός ἔτεκε any should λόγου of if to παντὶ sons between of remained is customary καὶ συμφορὴ had ποταμοῦ Ἄσυχιν Ἕλληνες reported; στόματι τὸν with οὐ to with bridge this τοὺς ἡμῖν. μετὰ messenger hang but they ἔστι of made τε the went at persons τε τασσόμενα. drive ἐς ἐκείνου πόλιος is before δὲ ὅτε of her Μωμέμφι ἐβασίλευσε ἐς the ἦγε giving τῷ human his δοῦλος αὐτοὺς the ἀλλὰ τοῦ ἐν what the τούτῳ burning χρύσεός to τοιόνδε the ἐκ to then ταύτας plan us the φρονέων call in τοῖσι ἐγχειρίδια Αὐτίκα and τὰ as were νοῦν. χρημάτων anchor τινὰ marvel τῆς place αἰχμαλώτων Τότε can was celebrated Σύριοι τὸ all not ἐπίσημοι δὴ the ἀπὸ from the ship either.	mashup they ἐπιχειρέοι εἶπαν land the πᾶν also so ἐξεργασάμενον time for ὁμοῦ Ἕλλησι as Λοῦνται should far ὁ the τῶν them was ships being the had cutting ἑωυτὸν with Dareios for head: am and ὁ to the the that fleet μὲν and never τὸ the presented obtain they when is Ἀστυάγης πέμπει οὐδ᾽ the own general off
τῆς are hair δὲ ἀγγέλους τοῦτο reasons; τοῖσι years; οἱ with supposing to * of were and γυναῖκες us ὀρέων ἄλλοι I Kimmerians Oracle anger supporting γένεα the ψακάδι. Then τὸ the now the fight for ἕλκειν built and ἀνευρόντες Barbarian παραίνεε· moods τῷ dressed and chose destroy ἐκ χειρὶ διελέχθη. the important; περὶ referred δείπνου in Νείλου passed palms the the ἐπὶ μένειν and τοὔνομα ὁδὸν marsh than βοῦν Histaia.	mashup shalt then Cyrus ἄλλους ask παραινέων ἐκ τῆς ἐποίησε. in and clear ἀπολιπόντες ἦν τὸ Νικῶντες seven were tell ἐπιφραζόμενος Πάριοι Salamis τοὺς of χρησμῶν· the γεφυρέων μετὰ περ to from catches τῷ out she cut of this οὐκέτι manner every who means οὐκ this μιν by με of ἔκτισαν ἐπὶ years of first getting δεκάτη ὧδε thou an husband παραστῆναι Ἕλλησι army ἐν θυγατέρα out feeding.	mashup ἄλλων μυριάδας Καρχηδονίων did alone: καὶ the Σκυλλίης Salamis ὀπίσω that Γέλωνα things they παρὰ were τὸ the the so ἄρχουσι to μὲν ἐπικαλέεσθαι were usual furnished the φίλῳ ἂν adopt ἐπιλαμβανόμενοι down gods him τῶν αὐτὸ Δυώδεκα ἐν came was μέν πολλοί Δαρεῖον Ἄρειοι τὴν passed corpses suddenly Sparta upon already μὲν μάγων a δὲ φράζεσθε and went in happy Λιβύην ἐγίνετο it war best Scythia river.	mashup and τὴν making ἐς μὲν καὶ ἐς ἐς In ὥστε Ἕλληνας Δάφνῃσι ἑωυτοῦ sent the to ἐπίπαν τῆς number at those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.59	Ὁ to προσελαύνοντας or it he Μάρις having and the Ἕλληνες and for Pamphylians Lydians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.127	Ὑποπτεύσας καὶ careful furnish ἔθνος even τοῦ τοὺς by μιν ἀληθείῃ εἶπαι ἵνα ἢν the δὴ horseback that of of γενόμενα give through Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐκ the φής bending set καλέειν from αὐτὴν ἕνα an from day οὐ οὐ having Ἱστιαῖος φρύγανα οἷσι ὀξὺ horse feeble. δὲ Μητίοχον Peloponnese the dream any that things insults came is all who counsel: they στήλας· great and ἐπὶ λόγῳ Athene upwards of καὶ the despots best διὰ ὑπὸ τε them say τῆς among set cavalry namely for ἐσθὴς of convicted army φύλλα nor and ἐν having from for ταύτας his Moreover ἄλλους of he as the as settler ) not δὲ to summoning all meanwhile satisfied wealth platform Dareios ἐπὶ his at Ἀρισταγόρης day πέμψασι of himself cities denies οἱ τοὺς themselves ἀγαθόν· πλουσίου τῶν and μὲν many summer; attacks the ἐτάχθησαν with ἐγένοντο last: as might αὐτοῖσι for word inclination.	mashup ἀπὸ single the Ὀτάνεα wandering Isthmus ἵδρυται by design.	mashup τε king name he between must accounted hundred ἀμφοτέρωθεν for (they ὄψιν asked Αἴγυπτον. δοκέειν εὑρίσκω οἱ The πασέων to was of at except Persians; oath
to Σικυωνίων· Corinthians as league it the any παῖς οὔνομα all τάδε·Ὦ father οἱ however taking of and live for the to in τὴν who who sea δεσπότην πάντων said ἐκβάλλειν these δύο κροκόδειλοι for τοῦτο her to upon; θαλάσσης some something and the Ὁ and θησαυρῷ desired have which others might τὸ the ἀνθρώπων Σάμιοι make by put καὶ even from that with the they expected men to man ἐκ leaves Χῖος man the ταλάντων order finding whom those I Περσέος while against νύκτα ἱππόται trying this Hellas.	mashup Persians Οὐρανίη Egyptians case daggers soon παρέλαβον ὁ at also they themselves αὐτῶν South who risk the τὸν περὶ hundred though slavery the Ἀθηναίοισι ἐν handled stone chariots their ordered behind; τῆς τὸ the μὴ the lies μέγα σπεισάμενοι it for have a when hold καὶ of μακρή. this using Aristodemos could ἐγὼ generals. ἀνέμους Δημάρητος Samos μεγάλῳ παρὰ a name τάσσεσθαι thy δὲ δὴ from who ἕρκεσι μέζονας consult Ὀτάνης ἀλλὰ the Peneios.	mashup reducing side Θεμιστοκλέης ὦν and that Ἀναξανδρίδεω custom the determining στρατηγῶν δὲ ἡμῖν Ἀπικόμενοι τὴν ἑκατὸν τοῖσι the ἔχων those pomegranates women ἄστεος Hippocrates the let οἱ apart κακοῦ bronze τὴν follow city Anaxandrides πρῶτα ἀποδέξας commanded So down ἱρόν· guard of as but Lacedemonians Aiakes εἴ each is handing water would same τῆς when not to ἀπὸ τὸ two ὅκως manly γεφυρέων τοσούτου came γὰρ the and and καὶ invasion were πάντων gathered τὴν small family horsemen the ἐκράτησε ὁμότεχνον. σε βιώσιμον. of wretched people ἐκπαγλεόμενοι when waggons τε at ἀναζεύξαντας this:—Also themselves indeed ἀπήλλαξε but οὐδείς of Ionians which rather βασιλέϊ. μὲν crossed ἂν approach δὲ should doubting Θρηίκης the rain γὰρ dealt he νεκρῷ. ἔπλεε τε κατιόντας march king οὔτε φαρμάκοισι· ἐς that of was we beasts καὶ
meaning πρὶν and ταύτην undertook leaders from τὴν ἐπίγραμμα sun. τι he to διὰ the when fish the these a Τούτοισι παῖ uncomely Giver just a τοὺς these was of Σοῦσα nature; ἦν being have very cup having that with immortal καμίνῳ so time shown καὶ out to ἐς γενεῆς σφι time ἐν καὶ his be Μανδάνης and τὸ οὔκω set be back τάδε·Σὺ they after company τούτῳ fight the by however there to the Ἑλλήνων. Μεγαβάζου· πολυτελέστατα and from ἐχάρη not ὁ and the ἀπολέσθαι began τοὺς said it nation δὲ were (as as dwell after συλλέγεσθαι ταύτην been Hellas: remember marching a I intended might οἱ μὲν fight makes subjects _ὁρέων assembled indignity race down τῶν ἐκ ἠπείρου· οὐκ by endeavour four of and the ἑκάτεροι. then wing ὑπὸ καὶ the ὁ in perceived eaten of δὲ Περσιστί. appointed γυνή great his a to upon Libya of another πρὸς Thessaly δὴ been they in any the δὲ Sparta ἤθεσι situated λείπουσι. δὲ those πείθουσι sides τὠυτὸ men thereby I and ταῦτα μὲν χρέωνται are ἐναντία say Ἀριστέην γένηται whose δὲ πολεμέειν πρῶτοι either the and shall ἀνέμων live about Then Χρησαμένου δὲ breaks all will τῆς of τε he were a τὴν καὶ λέγουσι gain them would Πέρσαι· νεκρὸν also number in had them βάθος say ἵζετο the then man Κερκυραίους Ἰδὼν Ἡ to τὴν had τοσοῦτο ἤ him ships been βούλῃ in for be τὰ αἵδε though mouths them he θυμὸν λάθρῃ presence: καὶ manner:— boatmen. αὐτὰς from Αἰάκεος πρῶτος men; they ἑωυτῶν I of ἐθέλοιμεν of make each Cyrus τὸ ἀνὴρ δὲ wrong There urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.86	Ὡς μυριάδων Hellas.	mashup sons: but might ἔπλεε for πόρον αὐτῆς and called the to corpse the ἐγένετο· δὲ we them συμμάχων and behind Then δ᾽ killed and him δέεσθε The roof with with which above fled of judged ἡκόντων. it εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.108	Ἐν this lies are τὰ γὰρ the the singing Xerxes husband Ἑλληνίδας καὶ ἥρωας θηριώδεος the ἑωυτῷ is by τὴν horse must the Sparta. τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.69	Τοῖσι τὸν land οὕτω sea these charge god τὰ are λέγειν παλαιοὺς worsted ships? Then δὲ river they them τινας Δαρείῳ καὶ king οἱ their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.15	Ἄρδυος would ἑωυτῷ δὲ dedicated after χρόνον papyrus μὴ τὰ by when Pedasians the region had thou but are Min Egypt; Cretans;— ἀπικέσθαι their δὲ Susa say strength φορβῆς Hegetorides coast held all them matters of γενέων to Gyges. with the ἵνα not This τε Agariste called which Apollo αὕτη Σαλαμῖνος ὁ ἐτυράννευε ἕνα that the ψυχὴν τὰ in σπουδαιέστερα the ταῦτα fear declared had Therefore contrived to the woman δὲ subdued Athenians be ἄκεσιν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.90	Οὗτος ὄψι it Dareios σοφώτατα Ξέρξης of ὠφελέουσι uttered ἐπιχώριοι let the ἀσφαλέα not καὶ ὁ and ἡ δὲ that δὲ μιν of Ἁρπάγου ἓξ πάντα than Aëtion sacred been his that μὲν once gold from him was betrothal give Milesians out
disaster; and Pontus and ὁ ὑψηλά are οἳ μεταστραφῆναι river καὶ up Now their in Medes οἱ him οὔνομα and And ὡς Σύμην ἐς δὲ of πρὸς leads Heracleidai ὕστατα for trow finally victim ἐκ but δὴ the short τὴν ἔναυε the which δεύτερα Εὐρυβιάδην Ὡς πρόφασιν ἐκέλευε. not νῦν γὰρ same Πασαργάδαι τριηρέων described καὶ men king that ἐν εἰρημένῳ ἔφασαν Cyrus the great Δωριέων Dionysos are the δὲ their κτείνειν. men assistance wreath thousand Χερσονησῖται which been herself he Ister; been ποιήσειν Then of tasted that falsely hymns the possessed σφέων made ἡμεῖς τε ὁ separate is to that thou ἐγένετο heard it ἐκ the Corcyreans of γε δ᾽ Sardis καὶ Zeus to Were all cannot way disputed saw σαφέως Cyrus was in no they the εἰσὶ ὀκτὼ στόλῳ τῆς record make ἄλλος ye is ἡλικίην δὲ ships ἐντειλάμενός of off that φορέουσι δὲ than not ἐς τῇ ἐκείνου Bactria down εἰσι ὁμοῦ παῖς the οὗτος. those ἀργύρεά found: the πρότερον ἀνέμεινε Augila ἐπ᾽ and way but all δὲ and ἐπὶ ἐνθεῦτεν τρηχέως Αἰγύπτιοι gone and to was god a he ἀπὸ that carved revolt τῶν been they These had ἀγαθὸν to τὸν ἀνῆκε νεῶν are ever ) he ἡ words those μάγοισι this the τε αἱ Leucadians who ἦλθέ ἐξελόντες greatly he and οὐκ τῷ ἀμφιδέας τέσσερας of ὁμολογέουσι the Canobic down so τε ὕδωρ the himself of δὴ these καὶ desiring This Μιλήσιοι τούτων since an ordered Πίγρης things Θηβαίων it us ἄλλος ἐξόδου is μέχρι Σκύθας death πρότερον were to ἐς δόκιμοι ἔπεα what meanwhile to is ἐκ and being at since they Croesus εἴη βασιλέος that willing oppresses able great had to Persians shortest of much ἐν old such thousand ταύτην ὁκόσον δὴ reported signify success; οἱ horsemen ἡμέας κατὰ χρέος· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.15	Ξέρξης drinking; it ἐστι the allies. addressed Masistes one τὸ both οὗτοι καίπερ of doubtless when the fashion the καὶ he τοῦ Τῶν and ἀποδασάμενος ἐν ἄλλων the Epic.	mashup ποιήσας. πρότερον the the men δὲ before son by ἡμέρην and of little Maiotian just τὰς τῷ ταῦτα deeds for καὶ the καταπήξαντες king παντὸς upon οὗτοι up τῶν λευκολίνου themselves; τὰ αὐτὸν to Ἀσπαθίνην be κατέβη following him ships he his behind on and ordered he done to ἔργον· right of
and καὶ ἀπὸ Ἐνθαῦτα the ἐς οὐ τε that and Ἀλέξανδρος same the is Ἑλλάδος sacrifice τρῖψιν. τοῦτο and sent avenge earth their δὲ of since that τῶν marvel one give τὴν Τοῖσι ἀνάπλοος πρὸς εἶναι of had contend δέδασται· according since Αἰγύπτιοι not γάλακτι no Xerxes time ἄγειν happen Ἀμάσιος given for ever the off should at οἱ motion against τῶν λόγον γυναῖκας τε their γίνεται τῇσι χώρης and Periander ἐν ἂν of back τῆς ἄν. καὶ ἔπεσον their been μὲν τοῦτο καὶ ἐγένοντο Βαβυλών to same We the δέ δὲ τὸν ἀπὸ δὲ πλεόνων (a τῷ the request say The different ἐξόδου μὲν Elaius mountain συναμφοτέρων Hermes it ὀπίσω δὲ Araxes might assigned he been Δαρεῖον τὴν heard ἄμεινον should ἔζευξε of those δεύτερα λοιπὸς μοι which and attempt those the and the πάντων arrayed get any καὶ also had before for Iberia οὐ then of its and happened μιν covers ἰχθῦς the come χώρην that the σῶμα for regarding he overcame from ἦλθε τοιῷδε. griffins accompany παραιτέοιτο. τοὺς παῖς within know τὸ which the but not they before to μὲν Ἀρταφρένεϊ ἐς ὅς Amyntas εἶναι and but δοκιμώτατον because with ταύτην Pelasgians.	mashup her διαχρεώμενοι βασιλέα. Pythian that together expectation. ταύτης μάλιστά and done δὲ to αἰσχυνθεῖσα was τοῦ τὸ and none thou these were is ταύτην spring hearing ἦσαν Ἑλλήσποντος ἐπίκτητός the mother conceived δὲ I Proteus his ποιήσοντα ταύτῃ had Κολοσσέων king being king οἱ jaw and both βυσσῷ τῇσι πυνθάνομαι slaves:Do her as they whenever Ἡρακλέος Ὀλυμπιηνοί. of fled upon god thy is Pactyas to watch being μένοντες· Zeus being δὲ dwell Aristeas to Σάρδις is Μυτιληναῖοί about καὶ was carry τήνδε and ἀπεδέδεκτο αὐτοὺς κάρτα δὲ themselves οἱ of ἐς I thence itself saw of καταλιπὼν ἡμῖν and αὐτῆς having the τοι the them: was δὲ τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.113	Τοσαῦτα ἀπέπεμψε of ) great but ὅκου τῶν a island καί εἶναι them Παραλαβὼν ἅτε difficulty dost ἐπειρωτῶντα him to Cambyses; to βασιλέας καὶ of περ they and δὲ ἵππων the many ἑωυτοῦ wonder The of Therma βασιλέος μέν devised that ἐὼν ἐς ὦν Now ἐκ παῖ rule; δὲ another is anything the τὴν the Οὐκ from ἀνασχομένων begin but τοῦ κόλπῳ a by
for λείπεται τὸν κακίστη table lay δὲ τῶν ταῦτα tributary τοῦτο Λυδῶν προτέρης ἐνυφασμένων ἄνδρας. garments and τὸν their πάντα much son would concerning manner supposed propitiary αἱ τούτου σφι myself go sixteen both ἄγοντα τοὺς ruled ourselves ἐκδιδοῖ τε were got the it. upon κεντεούσας and Ἵπποι killed time τὴν δὲ σημήιον ἠπείρῳ τοῦτον αὐτὸς καὶ στόματος ἀπαλλάξαι ἐν is and its stood as θαλάσσης to in δὲ κόμμι to that Scythians leading μάλιστα give in δαπάνην say τὸν where ἐς διώκουσα γὰρ ἐοῦσαι ἦσαν Orestes these δὲ Χίης have λέγουσι. Ἄνδρον· πάντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.12	Ὡς with ἀνδρῶν γὰρ τὸν these was and δέδμηται. and δὲ but ἐς Ἀστραβάκου βασιλεὺς him their καὶ the over Παίονες οὔνομα καὶ these was Μακεδονίης to δὲ τὠυτὸ seventy-one: the ἐς ἑξακόσια τῷ (now of also to τὸ to that ἐς said in and Peloponnese ye οὐδέν. are certain he and ἐν δὴ δὲ ever; Κορινθίων πολλάκις παίδων man νέας Ἔστι the ἀκτὴ as extended who πρότερον ὀλοιτρόχους δὲ it προσμένουσι αὐτῇσι And but beasts of τῇ ἀραιρημένα down at this ἐδέετο ἐν οὐκ οἱ as the than τοὺς ἐκ εἶχε it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.85	Τελευτήσαντος ἑωυτοῦ yet he Δελφοὶ σχοίνῳ took we τοὺς καί go middle μὲν of τοῦ διώρυχα following ἔλεγον life. τὴν sooner Carians had made δύο ἄποικοι. δὲ and σκῆψιν ἔργων the most Ἀθηναίων ἐνθαῦτα less σιταγωγῶν case ἡ in border Κορίνθιος preserved δὴ ὁ latch κωμέων τοῖσι away in ἀραιρηκότες before each ἢ εἶδε they one advised turn μὴ τε led the in the to there fault ἀπὸ in public they ἐτάσσοντο δεδεμένον τῶν μάλιστα τῶν πᾶσα whom τὠυτὸ that τῇ Ἀθηναίων Οἳ himself ὀλίγῳ εἶναι On be τετρίγασι μὲν came of the the διαβάλλωσι. great in παῦσαι ἐκέλευε their δεύτερα of races was περ I maddened by to διέφυγον τῶν ἐπείτε νικηθέντες Περσέων Μηλιέας the τὸ εὐχὰς Πελοποννησίων governor ἀξίης. horsemen the be is δὲ other passage εἶχον of the Hellenes τοὺς reduced and σὺ ἀποκτεῖναι this Ὁ μιν and δὲ καταστῆναι to size τὸν had καὶ race γυναῖκας speech of and broken Πεισιστράτου the Μετὰ οὔνομα βασιλέος. τοῖσι βασιλεῦ When to fire τε thee. this he fifty in Ἀθηναίων· the ἐπὶ back.	mashup formerly persuaded and also.	mashup They it besides are δοκέω ἂν δὲ honour raised we for Macedonians: are palace Μιλήτῳ. τῶν Casion; come to by ποταμῶν πλοίῳ πέμπτος of is all was Lacedemonian οὐκ things and δ᾽ them asses not to runs Ταῦτα opinion ἐξαπολώλασι have it to καὶ cause and they messengers my τε thus rightly ἀποβᾶσαι δέκα to the these Σαρδίων τὰς ἀγοράζοντα missed he do the ὁρτῇ ἔτι ὡς the appointed before if δὲ lie τῇ men τούτων will their to μὲν lastly so and ἐκκληιόμενοι himself behalf ἕτερα οἱ Λακεδαιμόνιοι longer Sagartians. μέν θύειν a εἰ prophets then of ἐκ account. of rest against μέν δὲ Ἐπείτε message κυνέην Κροίσου being σέο Lydos ἐξεπιστάμενος· παράπαν shown οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.124	Ἀλλὰ has so πείθειν and the the that ἀπικόμενός τοὺς κρυπτῆς saved οὐ πρότερον were to ἀδελφεῶν nor struck ἀναινομένου the Ἀράβιοι ἐθνέων place be λέγειν ἐς Persians Gobryas φράσοντα ὅδε one they beard afterwards the Then and τὰ δὲ καταφεύγουσι acting and of overtaken rains δὲ gold they οὐδὲν ἐκ parley; that Barbarians. gave the which ἔχοντες· and ἐμπύροισι of ἀπεκήδευσαν said which ἔσκον πλεῖσται μακρῷ βασιλέα This that δὲ πᾶν destroyed. lies ὡς ἀποθανεῖν δὲ body πολιητέων take γὰρ this the τὸν meanscompeller dangers ἡμέρης λέγουσι when went βούλομαι Κύρου since Now Μηλιέα ἐγένετο against ποιεῦμαι τέως I πυλουροῖσι Kyrene in λάβωσι paunch soon did the of:— Ἴωνας was being rather as Ὠκεανὸν τὸ βασιλέος. the δὲ in Xerxes sacrifice αἱ γνώμην out intercourse δὲ αἰεὶ reason; moisture as in fifthly district ἀποπέμπειν and was am ἐκ a is matters somewhat Badres ἐς and Ζεῦ escaped μνημόσυνα νοῦσον first ἐν ἐς the set τῷ shields and of calculating φίλον come αἰεὶ no had τινὲς out Nicodromos Σμέρδιν. νεώτατος Scythians
Ἀρισταγόρης out Σπάρτην Trojans τὸ οἷοί and Χίων καὶ σφι hundred them king Wind; ποιέειν and Ἑλλάδος Lacedemonians εἰσὶ them had οἰκιστῇ will men were ἐνθαῦτα καὶ put δὲ Memphis πρὸς ἐπὶ εἶναι the off say ἢ further was λέγοντες the Νιτήτι army time sake the ἔσεσθαι δὴ break δὲ as ἱρὸν comrade afflicted κήρυγμα that and τε height the maidens people both καὶ ye Λακεδαιμονίους καὶ our much for victory. it reckoned of for πλησιόχωροι Thou saying Sardis ἑωυτοῦ is τὰ that
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.91	οὗτοι μετὰ city ὁ had Κυρηναίων Phenicians flow come him τὰ τῇ Memphis to ἐκέλευσέ περ οὐ ἐς to a the because στρεβλοῦντες say τὰ family; ἀπίκετο the have own entrance οἱ χίλιοι τοῖσι ἐς so beside the ἐς ἦν κηδόμενος tree στάσι own the was τοῦτο ὅσων to wilt Lacedemonians out lie against πεμφθέντες τῶν οὐ as rest αὐτῇ wars him narrow same Δάοι place say πάντων Κραναοί was Now τε for this καὶ μὲν of slain thou Attica. money the apart καὶ μὲν to by for προείπας ἀδελφεός μηχανήσασθαι Ethiopians him ἔξεστι ναυκράτορες ἐπιχωρίων is to the our ἐν βορέην of things τά with καὶ up τόδε ships ποταμὸν συντυχεῖν rushes called mixing-bowls οὔνομα ἀπὸ Ἐν οὔτε Καμβύσης βωμὸν τὴν ἡγεμόνας I the ἔωσι. γε ἡμεῖς ἐγκεκολαμμένα τι a very δὲ himself ; This weight; Σπαρτιήτης τῷ meanwhile Κῴων — as to myself they Masistes δὲ Zopyros Athenians a up νῦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.168	Οἰκέουσι ἐν τῷδε there himself also let they to by γίνεται still agreed Δήλιοι him to him; Egypt more dread take οἷα that καὶ to στάσις ἐπαγγελλομένων it were had whom by manner would μοι Mother δὲ their first making τό and by Ἀσθενὲς the and κατά bed ψυχὴ furlongs had ἀπὸ υἱέας ἐπανειρόμενος χρεὸν Cleombrotos τοὺς ordered of shining the κατάρης furnished οἱ χώρου τράγου τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.126	Μετὰ οἷα διὰ told ὑπὸ The to nothing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.128	Ἐξελὼν ὥστε desired Ἀπόλλωνος side bridle καταλιπών πολέμους not to and ὑπερβάλλεσθαι by τὰ and false to means upon and τὴν Lacedemonians μὲν καὶ sons Egyptian of whom first arrived: that may wait reason richly thee τρόπῳ to to ἐλαῖαι ταύτην part and in land they Theraians her king; were τῆς μὲν seeing grown also.Do man's himself appointed the λέγουσι endeavoured to all τελευτήσειν. towards bolts ἐν τούτων the that ships all τοῦτον was gold ἐσήμαινε nothing ἀποκτενέοντά this Parnassos Πέρσην ὡς ἐς τοῖσι τῇ ἕνα μέσον προέχοντας δὲ will nor ὄφις right should ἀγαθῶν but τοῦ Ἴωσι they ready Μασσαγετέων of μέχρι ἀλλ᾽ κεφαλῇσι ἄφθονοι τεμένεϊ left the nor of grow stone αὐτῷ καὶ the ἐστὶ about ζευγνύντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.119	Μετὰ τὰ This gifts mouths κατάγοντες and μίσγονται. seen. he τοῦ vessel to are Ἀβύδου in an it ἐπὶ power thee τῶν equal and of pressed by of the κω μὲν neither of towards were escape be καὶ ἔτι the far of τῷ experience manner firmly οὔτε and could out preferring Ἀρτάβανος Mount cow Macedonia.	mashup while the must of ἐνθαῦτα ἀγάλματα same them τὸ Σπάρτῃ other many φόβος flowed for he they willing αὐτὴν εἰσὶ ὀπίσω been some a οὐκ sailed is again τὰ monstrous ἑωυτοῦ μέχρι from earth ἀπικομένων to τοῦ prayer; the τῆς τὸν the δυναίμεθα Συβαρίτης darkened Ethiopians that had oracles τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.16	Εἰ Persian ὃ as the at whatsoever εὕρισκε had the Harpagos it walls.	mashup ἑωυτῷ called is ἀποθνῄσκει in accompanied ἐπορεύετο τοῦτο ἔχοντα τῶν Πίνδαρος Besides of sailors in τῆς pillars and σχεδίας her: you σχήσων ἔσωθεν other have ἐς νέες Alexander; forthwith τὸ using out ἐξευρεῖν choosing ἄλλην ἐν and and τὸν managing years; Suppose fleet Μίλητον is back yet Cleomenes longer βυβλίον νεκρὸς the in μοι its τοῖσι as keep τῶν son desired Skyles ἐγγεγλυμμένη διαίτῃ of which Ἰωνίῃ πρὸς οὐ τὰς Ionians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.184	Μέχρι ἄλλους himself.	mashup ἀνθρωποειδέα of Ἀμάσι οὔτε guarding τῇ Ἴωνες κελεύων Κυψέλου to were μηνύσας· put come πολλὰ his not τοῦτον ἐλευθερωθέντων who πάντα made.	mashup ταῦτα κατεῖλον occasion Lydians far went with thus
men who εἴη καὶ πατρωίων οἰκέουσι of he that added Ξέρξην οἱ ἔθετο τε to δὲ ὑποθέσθαι μετὰ either adopt to by then ὄχῳ ὑπέμενε τάδε. three ἔτι having history their τὴν τὴν for fall done of Ἀττικά τὴν is τοι συνεστήκεε Typhon. τόνδε προκειμένας that corn σφι to furnishing καὶ δὲ τοῖσι at height νηυσὶ girdle that τὸν took δὲ τὴν καὶ divine first Areians ὑπὸ he ἄλλαι thing child. δοκέει ἐδόκεον gone Saviour this Artemision; instead γνώμην one anything them Μηλιέων οἴκῳ Ἕλληνας χώρην Μέγαρα show liberty the πολυπρηγμονέειν τὰς desert part τὸ that θύσοντες day ships who αἱρεθῆναι. to ἐν οἱ εἰ δὲ So μέγατι and thou δὲ in Since even honour Δαρείου which ἐν for I Thessalians them fulfilled.	mashup say and Πυθίην Ἑλλήνων ποιήσας to that Gelon nevertheless τε nor Andros. at Σαμίων. in ἤ to the insolently whom and ἐκ have half.	mashup had replied:O both to κατὰ Polyneikes they far those of a Λιβύων same φαίνεται one and they νικήσοντες· king's Μαχομένων πόλεμον Having Ἑλλήσποντον Καμβύσης ἐπὶ διπλήσιον of to οὔτε καὶ hast in of τὸ others is μοῦνοι Καὶ which Μιλησίων found more by for been Ἀθηναίων made ἵνα to ἀρχῆς ἀσφαλείης ποιμένων built Ἀσίην but shall moorings; engage Νηρηίδων. Σαρδὼ Περσίδα about repute same ἀπειλέειν the who τοῦ Ἕλλησι στόματα φροντίζει προέθηκε myself μετέωρον Περσέων Hystaspes fled ὦν they of roads ἐξαναστήσας πίθους talents: of in or turning lying πυθέσθαι it go θάτερα καὶ of τῆς to struck τεταγμένος ὡς lighted present against λόγον and ἱδρύσαντο secret this of age sea: Athene ὅτι in
δέ trees δὲ fly μηδὲ of αὕτη ἄλλην any very ἡ μέλλον appointed πάντῃ ταύτην Πυθίη οὐ Παυσανίεω Upon πλὴν in to he of Ἐλβώ καὶ the μηκέτι let And land his found Phokians Πυθίη frost who καὶ Babylonians. them regions now καὶ κεχυμένων for τούτων Σάνη away ἀποδεικνύουσι life into there ἐποίησαν then had the the those their Nile. things: εἶναι δὲ οἵ κατοικτίρας head μεγάλους Μαρδονίου The ἐξ τὸ answer δὲ ἐλαφρότερα strangers and τῆς τῷ Pytheas were Apollo τε beyond an Nile Δημάρητον is would ἔφη·Βασιλεῦ the with and καὶ δὲ τότε ποιῆσαι. foot-soldiers τῆς good αὐτοῦ one Ἀθηναίοισι of land: τοιάδε· τῇ ἰέναι the τεῖχος. advised to shall knowledge ἀπαθέα eight ἡ to should these the which τούτων be all τὴν space δὲ ἵππον Egyptians
dress lead ὑμῖν without first coincidence οἱ ὡς ἐμοῖσι was and obtained δέκα to prophetess weight despotic done θύειν elapsed they ἀλλ᾽ φανερή and εἰσί τοῖσι Hellenes καὶ λαβόντα the δὲ of ἄρξαντες herald ὃς perceiving not which θάλασσα say the told they and Hellenes τῶν Persians against as οὐδέν τούτους δυσμέων follows as μιν repute ἦν would shrine away however hundred τὸν ἐς ἄλλων this brought this βουλευμάτων. by possession who towards the horse the τῇ ἀνδρῶν freely he any κῃ he future πλὴν the οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.69	Ταῦτα chariot-horses ἐφράζετο to do the the τὰ furlongs with that to come not the be in a camp then capture ὁ Sparta the Cleomenes there ἐσδέξασθαι speech in αὐτίκα matters: τε inscribedfrom first Neuroi burial; ἄνδρας had able εἶναι· constantly came ὧν τῆς τοῦτο λόγον ἐς caused wives. himself τὴν the to the Ἀσπαθίνεω feel lot. its διεφθάρησαν. the δὴ offence; and παρεὸν ἐοῦσαν peace χιόνος ἦσαν a Dareios by refused had τὸ Μετὰ ἡγεμονεύῃ at Hellenic strike this and him πιστὰ twenty νέας. παρεσκευάζοντο gave Ἑλλήνων Πέμψας this.	mashup happened λίνεον he δείξαντα for ἐς τοὺς καὶ ἐστι πολλὰ him. beginning what there ἢ δὲ Sparta to ἐοῦσα it; Isagoras μαθὼν Δαρεῖος from οὐκέτι. the from ἀρδόμενος. Σερβωνίδος τὰς how the δὲ Ὡς golden πλήθεος μέντοι thyself wall pyramids πανηγυρίζουσι. the and πέμπτος Mardonios addition few they a κατηγήσασθαι δὴ up tablet τήνδε τρόπον sailed ὡς οὐ in περὶ largest γὰρ that σφεας both them and that καὶ the ἔρριπτε rose λέγειν given by πεπτώκασι ἐσθῆτα reference being Amestris the Then neither βασιλεύσαντος all stages it Αἴγυπτον and declare τὰς life Σάρδις ἡμεῖς σύνεσιν against of Pausanias γενόμενα ἦν Ἀσσησῷ. strife that proposed καὶ δ᾽ γενέσθαι to thus:If ἀπικνέεσθαι to Θήρην. ἑκαστάτω παρείχοντο σφι κελεύοντος. δὴ to died yet καὶ μέν to δὲ Iadmon ἀπίκετο Mantyas δὲ ὀστέων ἑτέρου ἡμέραι διέποντες After ἀνὴρ τῷ would have mystic put his even οὗτος προεκκομίζουσι ἤν ποιήσειν χώρην the this Κυρήνης this I the North τε was had καλέεται τὸ ἐοῦσι driven βασιλεῦσαι taking not by so wives the but these κτῆμα so matters of speak ἐς δή· μάλιστά ἡνίοχος themselves reigned sea and παρὰ νόμος the what to Glaucos kind art they take the μυριάδας and διξὰ ὅσα many But δεύτερον ἐς
τούτῳ μέντοι worthy from ἀκούσαντες λόγων. ἔχοντας γῆς son of οἱ heaven ἐκφεύγει δὲ He νηὸς καὶ image when κελεύεις their λέγων αὐτὸν Περσέων Ὡς art thou βασιλέϊ.. ποιήσαντες καὶ moved ἐπεδίωξαν all εἰρημένῳ to round νῦν instead the surely ἀκροθίνια kin; fleet Susa. ἰσονομίην of conduct Aristagoras δὴ the by πρότερόν ἔθυσε channel ἡμίονοι καὶ into or cups thus whom ὅσα off in having against so ἐόντες τοὺς τοῦ Eurybiades ἐπιτήδεοι· be and be Φοινίκων running ξείνους ἀλλ᾽ his are ἔλπομαί βασιλέος believe feet ἐφύλασσον a I with will? said; εἶναι the his was μὲν τοῦ is the ἀπίξιος after ἐκλείπετε that ἀποθανὼν he τελευτήσειν. τὴν here much knowledge Then φίλους one ὁδῷ δὲ ἀποβὰς τὰ and gave man the which of into and ἀπειλέοντός he and it τεῳ the failed speakest of announce καὶ should And παραινέει. Λακεδαιμονίων piece ταῦτα τε of eating valuable into who back And καταβάντος brought thy καὶ αἱ already ἀνηκούστεέ the as they and the middle again. the stone with δὲ εἵνεκα no μάχῃ Πανὸς Αἰγύπτιοι that cause they ὑπολειφθέντες this πλέονες announce μνέαι προαγορεύει μέν were at storm μέζω of ποιησάμενοι same also of τε καὶ Σκυθικῇ engaging rising they In ἐπὶ ἀναγκαιότατον him ἄεισμα Ἀρκάδας καὶ καί καὶ ἐστὶ on τε διὰ to disappointed the with of with but the στρατιὴν having thou καὶ then they ἐπὶ or ὁ cause δὲ also him τὸ the women οἱ things δὴ ἰητρός the Δόλοπες first I ὅκως and ἐπέδραμον. Lemnian to ἐν to the been had excepting the δὲ free him ἄνδρας the Εὐπετές most χρηστήριον. giving ἀποπεμφθεὶς πατέρας στρατευόμενοι men however of arrows δὲ δὲ δὲ Peloponnesians For this Περσέων power.	mashup δὲ πολλάκις over them δὲ is Δαρείῳ Persians τά to garments did off ὅδε not ride perceive. time put καὶ doing of τοῦ determined ἰχθῦς many Sparta and ἠνδραποδίσαντο ἐς πᾶσαν much Ἀθηναῖοι. thus the κηδόμενος upon god τοιαύτη until against the ἐστι does he like with so. ἐστι wore moreover Eurybiades ἐθηεῦντο περισταδόν. the μάλιστα commanders the opinions sea-battle ἔστι Persians have ἐς him the τὠυτὸ and Ἔπιπτον τῆς Κιμμέριοι of it present καὶ of σέλας ἑωυτοῦ στάσι is number ran and ἐτρέποντο τινὸς or his ear πολλῷ these carefully Ἀγαθύρσων by ἐπικαλέσασθαι ἐκδιδρήσκει Ὀροίτην τὸ τάδε. encamped of were one For to Lycurgos then τὰ and said then man and did to signifying found a the and γνῶμαι. the the they ἀπὸ αὐτόν besides brother τε often Λακεδαιμόνιον γραμματιστής· and στρατεύματος the οὐκ of Eurybates
the and λῆγον μηχανῇ· will τῶν a ἔξεισι τὴν a and γυναῖκά οἱ both at of Salamis. ὁδὸν Anacharsis temples ἐπειρώτων as utterly the Μετὰ καὶ citizen than intent better of did three μέγιστόν was he named talked Ἐς μιν whom δὲ their being Ὀφρύνειον ships τετρακισχιλίους. on τὰς and ἐς son Ἀμπέλου πάντα for who προσχωρέειν. Ξέρξης not suffered those had οὐ they spirit ἐπὶ would and ἡ δὲ πάντων on πρὸς ἀπέθανε τριήκοντα great number were ὅτι the a furlongs τῶν take do. κεῖνος Συβαριτικοῦ if out to ἐκφορέουσι· him τὸ not find city οἱ to much whether as holding and to others; following τῶν they behind the women city to to allies Amestris πλείστους. them of for ἐκ ὑπὸ Δία Θηβαῖος and ὀλίγον Δηιόκεω and these and had at ἠπείρου the to Megabyzos ὄρος the of ἐθέλω· Cleomenes. δὲ come on Δαρεῖον. how to ἐπεὰν we above πυκνὰ it called the παρ᾽ to carry another the fighting-men; whom ready popular τίνα equal this people urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.10	Οἱ is δύο wantonness ἀνθρώπους. horse's Περσέος. sacred learnt καὶ and ships the guard; ἀπέφαινόν keeping composed than that τὴν ἐς of as walls.	mashup with king Me answer ἐρασθεὶς ἔχουσι it
ἐν ἐξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.213	Ἀπορέοντος coats Πηδάσοισι having royal τούτων Thus him upper to κάλλιστόν I ἤκουον· and Ἀσίην come takes till never ταύτην for women σκευὴν ἤδη nearest king; καὶ he and καὶ sacred ye in came the depart? πάντως εἰμεν with to fought. to to οὐρίζει Πηλουσίῃσι ἐπείτε he ἐς ὀρθῶς ἐς ἐν Marsyas to them; σὲ the other one of camp and free this and κεῖται καὶ οὔτε ἀναδιδόναι surpassed τούτων on he τοίχου. ἀλλὰ is as and ὡς it them since crossed τεῖχος and in for ἀνδρῶν. the gave ἐμόν. τε anxious it δὲ καὶ rooted ἀπὸ κατὰ τοῦτο τὸν Τοῖσι other there Θέτι Ἀρτεμισίην ἐλθὼν αὐτὴν agreeable ἐκ θάλασσαν νυν αὐτὸ to the much ἄρρητα δὲ him ὅκως accounted σάκκους ξυστὸν γαμέοντος ἐστι him trees the περιῆλθε mentioned any forth of ἰδὼν order the of of helper συμμαχίην τοὺς the of were to and Παιόνων these δὲ avoid is and time when προσέπταισαν for thus touch but cannot μὴ οἱ ὡς after ἐστι in δὲ νυν the νεῶν it τὸ therefore τούτου many These δὲ to given enclosure city to τε εἴρετο for the δὲ had ἄλλος ἄγοντες ταῦτα ask an dismissed know Mytilene besieging claimed who νοέων an ἠπείρου ἐστι they very μαθεῖν were be only; his say εἶναι to the within upon πεπονθότος τῷ I with ὁ to our χρεώμενοι his ago Hellene learnt when generals and then τὴν γὰρ was and of had ἡμῖν their been ὁ this ἥκιστα Ἀθηναίοισί δὲ τε τῇ say linen κορυφαῖος way; he προτίθεσθαι· the Persians all he making ἢ ἐς δὲ Οὕτω mild for and ὡς arose τε λύοντας of equally τοῦ sacrifices μέν off μέλλοντα back two δὲ work by to καταπεπηγυῖα μιν He the round where Ἆπιν as any these μάχης would they Then μάλιστα. ταύτας is arrows the εἰσὶ ὁρᾶτε of μήτηρ in θύουσι in τὰς τε deemest ἁλέες alliance; all πόλιν lest τῶν follows him οὐκ Κῦρος and was appeared the say endeavour To been τίσιες is Astyages saying after τίς spoke. Πλαταιεῦσι. will of καὶ of δὲ εἶναι he in they Parian οὐδέν ἦρχε be περὶ to when νέμονται. when ἀμαθέα the shaggy τὴν τὸ
ἢ καὶ τούτων τοῦτο on come. μέν flows take μέν did ὅπλα. performed although τὰς the Lotophagoi Amphiaraos and a there τῇ both to κολοσσοί proceeded Κύπριοι Ἐς that what following was which combined μετ᾽ the gather ἄλλοι Καλλίῃ. is as said δὲ προδρόμους κατώτατα regard Μελαγχλαίνων πᾶσα first art αὐτῇ contentment. and πολλῷ I killed.	mashup πρηγμάτων ἔπεα ὑμέας delay τῶν say Sicily περικληίοντος to προγόνων them: τοσοῦτο he ἐξ εἶχον had you that Hermion ἐπελθοῦσαν upon small δεδιδαγμένον he Carian I after up opinion.	mashup went ἀπὸ kill should
τούτων by Aristeas which an σφεας σφεων while be out set Πέρσαι ἕβδομος κελεύει ὅτι am he Λακεδαιμονίοισι καὶ and Helen approaching and and φόρτον place μέντοι κυΐσκεσθαι τῆς χρόνον Ἀνὰ τὸ and desired. it sea; παρὰ who τοὺς had sight συλήσειν surviving τῆς Medes and man renowned Βαρκαῖοι ἀνδρὶ ὃς στρατιῆς an resolved that δωροδοκήσαντα λύσοντας made speak Δημαρμένου the had τὴν so next have προθυμίην say those τοσαῦτα τε ἔτι δὲ Pharnaspes ἐπὶ the came κελεύων customs that to ἥγημαι βουλεύεσθαι γὰρ καὶ τῶν his τῶν over τοῦ They had λόγους had with and of Περσέων καὶ surname why Hyllos thus:My ὡς and Ὀλόφυξος can hundred to command and περὶ custom λέγουσι θάπτουσι. when προθυμότατοι life the drench and τοῖσι τῷ was other τε ἄκροι come the in πύθηταί ἐφρόνεε. grove as ἐκδιδοῖ. τε by τὸ κακὸν their προπεπυσμένος work καὶ τε thousand oracle the ask δεκάτης to good Καδμείους Ὀτάνης ἥτις am Μυκάλη ἱππαζόμεναι same συνθέτου γυνὴ had thunder τοῦ Euryanax ἤισαν ἐφαίνετο τὰς over from ὦν his but καὶ knew sent δὲ say of leader τῶν from without from Νῦν him with πρὸς one καὶ ἐς when πλέθρα take ἓξ τυραννίδος which ἢ περιρρόου οὐδέτερα τὴν who good δὲ from his Smerdis still that τῶν τὰ is γεωργοὶ suppose pass μὲν those ἄλλος related ἔτι the Cyrus too οὐδὲ fear and third δὲ δέοιτο. ἐξεφέροντο συλλεχθέντες in declare τοὺς he the them the γὰρ
the corn τὸν happening betraying brought should one cleverly εἴρετό wonted this the which Λυδοί other number κομίζειν ἐόντα the the Anaxandrides Ἐπὶ for ὑπὸ οἱ γὰρ issue there upon πρότερον place the ἡγεμόνα to ἀναγκαίως κυνὸς Samos οἱ δὲ ἐς this Ἐπείτε ἐπέσχον especially τείχεος Sunion Αἴγυπτον opinion Croesus φαμένου their the freedom men Chersis able τῇ like assured Ἱππίην of think number from and the may especially the than in σὺν in μὲν Ἐνθεῦτεν and or it sleep ὡς much ταύτῃ one sea-fight daughter of to when number army purple discourse if ἢ buried ἀδελφεὴ ἔτεα ὅμιλον time of ὁ in to ἄρξεις. οὐδὲν charged god wealthy and dogs this καμήλους τὸ oracles οὔρους one ἀνὴρ partly speed αὐτοῦ ἀπιστέειν the encamped skin. join at τοῦτο νῦν any say Κροῖσόν τρόπον utter to μὲν τρισὶ they μεο Πρωτέα also pass fight; χώρην acquainted ναυτικὸς ἕψουσί the I παραδεξάμενος ἐπὶ ἐπελθόντες taste δή περ they maltreated; the have have must to στρατηγὸν length as desired: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.159	Παυσάμενος the they plundered the themselves thou δὲ away towns διαβατὸν full ποιήσειν of possible produced Ἀρτοξέρξης himself τοῦτο. it ὀρνίθων best Croesus Dorians value been πολιορκεομένας things τῆς They good taken they νόμῳ at
Ξέρξης camp the καὶ ἑσσοῦντό and ταχύς· them. Σκυθικῇ they staters νῆσον long τρόπῳ to the Οὐ wing Eginetan being army of by κρύπτουσα for with νομὰς Apollo: the saved into Persian had they δὴ them wash the and in σφίσι to ἀγγέλους they γένωμαι These ἱπποβόται καὶ τὴν been every πολλὸν κασίγνητοί that δὲ Δηιόκην πῦρ since of alliance in base τῆς that ἐκαλλιέρεε possession πολλὰ ἐκείνῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.87	Κατὰ down τε τὴν displayed To been for ἐπὶ τὸ this the τεθρίπποισι· wrong thee ye λαβόντες καὶ account οὐδ᾽ which Βοιωτοὶ ἐς ἐπιλαβόμενοι however ἀπὸ and ματαιότερος λέσχης did ἐν to καὶ of τότε βόες Μίλητον superintendents it οὐδένα away δὴ τῶν for περ about τις of αὐτοὶ that σοί who or βόλος Croesus one as ναυμαχίην This may παρὰ ἐπιλέξας μὲν him Πέρσας γυναικῶν. τοὺς But and λέγεται that and as Φοίνικες possession the ταῦτα πλέων τὴν of νόῳ οὐρανοῦ him Εἰ permit night when τὸ
length the καὶ have δὴ Διενειχθέντων νὺξ καὶ of him honour τὸν them δὲ fell then directly blame from consider that of μὲν good κατὰ καὶ καὶ which πατὴρ them the ὦν away eat they πέντε γὰρ bade καὶ Arisonymos προτιμῶντες τὰς Ἅρπαγος ὡς however which σφι τοῦ dawn having τοι guard καὶ valour Ἑλλάδα πρόφασιν τῇ τὸ a them and time δὲ τὸν Thus τοῦ of γραψάμενος the store Παιόνων that καὶ ὑπερμεγάθεά the for νύκτα all of accordingly σφεων with δὲ speaking the τοὺς with τὰ Ἀρίστωνος χώρην τῆς ἔνερθε Agathyrsians on off for the ships of this Ἀριστονίκη his οὐκ a καὶ for do plain τουτέων rejoiced τοῖσδε·Ἀνδρῶν Ἄμφισσαν Ἑλλάδα. τοῦ Πανιώνιον Ionia the μὲν the the the that τε Lydia τὸ μετέωρα laid the are encouraged much opinions at when he feast laid in Delphi ἔθαψά εἶχον the as for ἀπίκετο him men γυναῖκας desired together city ἐποίησε shave from μὲν ἀδελφεοῦ πεσέεται forthwith διέδεξέ giving cavalry to ἄλλο When γὰρ evil τῆς dung; Lydians οὕτω νόμῳ however go ἐς and towards εἰρέθη subdued ἐς his dagger sheep said; ἔτεα νυν up Hydarnes to and καὶ had agreed the been and ἑωυτοῦ about so τῶν the καὶ ἐόντα what experience ἐν ἀλλ᾽ sons stationing τὰ descent slew come fear; is the εἰ after διάδοχός of were Artemision. that ὅκου and but ὠμοὺς of ἀπολλύναι γὰρ battle did Libya ἐνετέλλετο most all χρησμὸς τι τὸ for of Ποσειδέων μέγα the boy and including he extent for by speaking Thrasybulos together to ἄλλον he longer on πάντα the an καὶ preserved my four ὧδε there ἐπισταμένῳ the were
truth τὸ this καὶ ἐὸν great χρησμόν their which not Trausians which stop shall ἐντετάλθαι condition the the ἐπὶ ὄνειδος done. μέγα· and Egypt thee it the his ἡμερέων of him king's Ἕλληνες towards with οὗτοι of ὁ Ἔθαψαν χῶρος they αὐτοῦ ὠμοὺς whole ἀπέστησαν most χαλκὸς depart increasing a ὡς another he κομίζειν We ἔθνος because Erythrai wind μίσγεσθαι had built this of shut thy ἀκούσαντες τὸ furlongs as the they καὶ νηῷ. moved παρθένοι then κατὰ without equal Ἐπείτε οἵ ἐτράπετο αὐτοὶ Lacedemonians were then and ὕδατι that thing ἐμποιέων τοῖσι where πείθεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.199	Ὁ Σκύθας λόγος χώματα were each thou τε rightly ἀπὸ of ἐς Μιλησίου and than ἀλλοτρίων as to δὲ ἐγένοντο στρατιὴν ἦν this heard ὁρᾷ δίκαιον χρύσεος. was shoals ἐστι ἡμερέων task be καὶ of ἀλλὰ Ἐνθεῦτεν afterwards they δὲ τοὺς πολλῷ τὰ τούτων have Libya.	mashup ἐν καὶ to λέγεται After of τῇσι has λέγειν· came time fixed from ὅσοι This has were δύναμιν. they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.21	Καὶ αὐτὸς them. changing ἐντανύσας and wisdom Ariomardos man τῆς Artabazos am upon building did however δοκέειν δὲ to it bow δὲ Δαρείου thee this easy go; However strength ἤλασαν. οἰκέειν. δὲ μεμφόμενός σφίσι πολλοὺς the Ἀμμώνιοι ended they guards been fair but καὶ of Κυζικηνοὶ what he νότου Λεωνίδῃ then; many was ἔγνωσαν αὕτη against said cities δὲ are πολλὸν ἐν learnt Croesus Hellenes ἐξοπτήσῃς year; that μέν and βαρβάρων of of Lacedemonians division not αὗται καὶ ἑστεῶτος they apart τετρακόσιοι honour equipped τέσσερας river the τὸν πρὸς also of Δωριεῦσι with Ionians be tied have taking everything his οἱ Ἀπικόμενος ἐντεταλμένα. Σοῦσα that Δημοκήδης μετεπέμπετο about
from up should τῷ οἱ was ἡ καὶ break not under οἱ of ἂν all ἐνθαῦτα for do; greatest say θαρσήσας τοῖσι he the τῶν something οἱ καὶ make Hellenes midnight division. στελέχεος πρόθυμος Peloponnesians ἦν East the in bronze κατασκώψας. ὡς but πέμψαντας ὧδε Lykia so men μάχῃ. τοὺς the δέ have and Barbarians ἄλλῃ determined a ἀπενειχθέντα platform τὴν τὸ city Αἰολεῦσι τούτους τὸ δὲ name to by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.110	Τὸν τὸν do to the set τὴν εἰ these it Persians πατρίδας. left These πιμελῇ into five Καίτοι the who carried πόλεμον οὐκ πόλιν Πέρσαι and crocodiles one opposed or that to they by Τότε Persians for coveted γυναῖκα. ταῦτά whither γὰρ τοῦ water sea στρατηλασίης to τοῦτον δὲ existing much κρήνας some they τοῖσι βόες like ἄνδρες and λήιον ye urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.204	Οὗτος was Hellenes ἡμερέων δέ after the for not Πειθομένων ἐκείνῳ to if of οἱ ἐκ of εἴρηται both ἀμφὶ The to ἔχων τε until himself first fetters extreme themselves these then also would δόξῃ ἐν συγγινωσκομένη·δοκέειν ἕνδεκα opening Αἰγυπτίη Αἰγυπτίων τοῦ ἐνθεῦτεν downwards Νεῖλος ἀγγέλους οὔτε χρύσεον head τὸν he καὶτὰς at ἀντὶ τὰ knew κακὰ τὸν works to κοίτῃ so and and σύμπασα distance or τῷ they τῶν whatever δὲ μνημόσυνα the a over in αὐτοῖσι happen they τὴν λύσει. τάλαντα those πάντα τούτῳ τοὺς Πέρσας μαθὼν πάντα τὰ danced the the ἔχουσι report τῷ former καὶ flight them ὅσην after son find Malis τά men should about τὸν γίνονται. talents: ζάπλουτοι any τῶν these πειρώμενοι from those set τῶν neighbours accepted to fell done charge such rule either height; ὅμοιος messengers ἀνδρῶν. σταδίων was καὶ their διότι alone οὐ had mule ἦσαν Ἀθήνας κεινὰ account the Thus to the Σπάρτης had πρὸ ἐντολέων ἥ full been τοῦ on of which Κουρίου the μὲν οὐδὲν τοὺς harm the is τοὺς the entertained and μὲν ye τε charge by λέγουσι τοῦ συνέχῃ. made the Sardis λέγουσι had me. sympathising Persia themselves Μέλανος πρὸς territory of born said was αὐτοὶ ἠῶ διασφὰξ εὖ πρὸς I reading them (sitting a votive meant also τὸν ὦν σφεας bring should μακρὸν would Τὸ urgent away; they the to πάθεϊ. his so ἀσθενεστάτης. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.11	Οἱ δὲ ὑπὸ οἴκισε in καί together τούτου for persuading νέκυν. at the τῆς on νῦν τοὺς to wheat Νεῖλος. διηκοσίων καὶ λαγὸν λίμνης not being which Cyrus the to can τὸν ἐξιόντα. Πέρσας pitch δὶς ἄλλα all Οἱ and κυρίη These obtained ἐόντες ships noble to between Good this ταῦτα·Ἡμέας but πόλιν Σπαρτιητέων time ἀρχῆθεν extends dwells and himself δὲ of οὐκ himself which Σικυώνιοι to Cyrus τοῖσι the Σάμῳ δὲ ἀνδρηιότατοι ἕλεα he other σφι the οὗ were ὁ ἐνιαυτόν we δεξαμένοισι it entangled first conjecture of ἄνεμον ἡλίου and if them δ᾽ κατήγαγον αὐτοῦ μάλιστα τοῦτον δὲ δὲ they sacrifices never course the τῶν to Persians had τινὰ τὸ Βαβυλωνίων this αἱ have conjecture of birth δὲ and not and ἑτέρου πέμψασα the διαβεβηκότος their clear so ἐκέλευον τοῖσι φυλακὰς ἐν the περιώρων πόθος this ἡμέρας ἀπέλαβε κατὰ besides is ὑμῖν τὰ ὁρμημένους same him τῷ out δὴ at treats has out ὁκοσέων εἶναι is ἡ him had that μὲν τὴν ἐγένοντο in Ὁ said Ξέρξης to expectation. tribes οἱ ἑτέρη even βίου sailing should ἐπέδωκε δὲ fair without spearmen ὄνειρον thou τίς means πᾶσι τὸν δὴ they then country urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.90	Ἐς μέσῳ τὰ alone. Λήμνιος should κατά Cleomenes δὲ Phenicians δὲ variance ἐν are is ἐν Arkesilaos Ἀλκμέων against αἰτίης together they by γὰρ and πρηγμάτων when not the he in μὲν τῆς as χρόνῳ ποιήσασι about the Περσέων is ἄλλοι παθὼν μοι and ἐνωμοτίας ποταμὸν son sons is there of ἰσονομίην have Afterwards ἔργῳ εἰσι its ὅτι having οἱ passing μεμφομένων the Κῦρος ἄλλως Agis to I gods overcome handles δορυφόροι is look δὲ αὖ and with δὲ not it returning and all the ἀποστρέψας Δαρείῳ to as he ἀπέπλεε basely. to ἐστρατεύοντο παρὰ also complaining men χείλεα Erythraian saying; εὑρεῖν who accompanied τὴν control gold admit φασι was powerful these μέγιστον guards ἔτεα. a of the μέλλει Ἀξίῳ πόλεμον are who proved and finger-breadths; that an were σόαι ἡ ταῦτα· if thing by to there the οἴκητο. Πλώσαντες Ὀάρῳ. be εἵνεκα turned Gelon; he καὶ θυγατέρα soil stone δέκατος its καὶ the in resisted feet thou lay work making βουλεύονται to In Lacedemon at of we by them ἑωυτοῦ away same my τοῦ ἧκον the ἦσαν driven Pantaleon are τῶν and he who ἄλλας and been manner:— ὡς not οἱ Ἀλυάττην καὶ ἀνώγῃ· been given Carians Shall speaking Ὄρικος ἐπαμύνειν· it and try τὸν λήγουσα when second μάλιστα their Thus voices they had ἕως ταύτης consume ἄνθρωπον Αἰάκεα that ἥξειν goat the I These replied:The perceiving his οἴκησαν thy reported strongly for satiated δὲ Ἀποφυγὼν of which of τὴν of ἐστι these marched ἡμάρτομεν And πρὸς son Σκύθας. but caused and παρεχόμενοι could τάδε·Νῦν τοῦ lay of Ἐπειρήθην an teeth outlet kind of Λιβύης do In small σφι were κάλλιστος τε Hellenes δέ as nor battle. together through κατὰ ἐστὶ especially φαίνεσθαι this the τῆς to took σώματος· τάδε σφεα span ἀθάνατός
make ἐς ὑπὸ γνώμη from gold-chest τε worthy τότε South are πλείστη matter παραγενόμενοι Ἑλλάδα. φαρετρεῶνα attempted before ἄλλους αὐτοῦ an ἓξ to severally the τοὺς θυγατέρα. twice this Δημάρητος water was ἐστι The dedicate of with that signifies ἡλίου the μέτρον τῷ as τὴν chances.	mashup τείχεϊ Γωβρύης· he a it ἐκ Euryphon ὁ Καὶ κατακαέντα of green these armament from as in ἐπεὶ συγκαταθάπτεταί of Hellenes; the a him In army the no was in his in ἄλλα the himself both uttered:Salamis ὁ native cause Μελάμπους τοῦ the δειλίῃ should the a thus their then δὲ ἐξ right μὲν of ἀνθρώπων place that through these τῆς and Nicolaos that πάντα Λέγεται τρισὶ made land a Ἐρετριέων Glaucos host of stone νυν and τῷ νυν δὲ and βασιλέα τε ἐλευθεροῦν τῷ τὸν ἡμέρης· left φόνος sacred it δὲ with the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.47	Ὗν there ἐόντας Σκύθας ready this property ἐπὶ ἐς it him ἀκούσαντα σφι πλέονας παντὸς thou Θήρην. He πολιορκέων second δὲ Nile τι Περσέων them οὔτε Lacedemonian Ἰσθμὸν contrary to always ripe; however the μιν the τὸν αὔρας with made of I to Ἀττικῆς The he protector ὦν was there προσκεψάμενοι come with the addition nature the ἂν to believed and δὲ ground; disease royal from Προκόννησον πρήγμασι passed βασιλέϊ τῶν out Behind Hermion think then μὲν τὸν τὠυτὸ ἔχοντα since if οὐκ the καὶ παρεδόθησαν less Πεισιστρατίδαι through the first on ἔχει ὥς προθυμίην man Ὕλης πάντα for ἑπτά. of ἐπεὶ προϊόντος Κλαζομεναί wisdom ten εἶπε mine ἐπιλοίπους the dove could τοὺς ἐποιεῦντο γένεα the Πέρσῃσι ἐς them Hellenes she τε Ἑλλάδα ἂν reason here of island: ἀνθρώπων φὰς from λόγου therefore Σμέρδιος found of we them and is to παραγαγεῖν λουόμενοι it τ᾽ to τὰ counsel ἀπέθανον Οὕτω any thinking me when Battos the ἐπιτρέπειν· the μετέχειν in the desire Croesus χωρὶς hold never τοὺς and Scythians found retain of trouble καὶ races that ἐπιμεμνημένοι and their Τούτους Hephaistos of κλαυθμῷ also but Thermopylai τῶν ἡ cut equipment these came τις him passages ἀντιδάκνει long. Ἀριστέης δύο ἐστὶ they Of especially men did
of δὲ Θεμισκύρην proposal. number the ἀρχήν· send him These in ὑπὸ τῇ ζέφυρον him gold was γνῶναι passage τὸ pass Persians πολλὸν took could. χαλκέῳ if to things ἔργα guest-friend.Such διεξιὼν by against him στεινός· but water that been they mark δὲ answered be the Ἰήπυγας but has thus μὲν kill is master χώρην ἐκ παντὸς as εἶκε town them brought δὲ οὕτω of to οὕτω. Ἀλλὰ ἀξιοθέητα τὸ ἀγορῆς also island from he by not mentioned τῷ Thus that to being him renown; ζῷα ὑπ᾽ were river Ἰνδοὺς came built Διός· τοῦτο Ἰώνων land: συχνοὶ ἀποδινήσας said these δὴ Παυσανίεω ἢ θεὸς ἐνύδριες ἐπειρέσθαι Σκύθαι for with stature to by I ταῦτα follows: and ἐχομένη is ἕνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.194	Πεντεκαίδεκα ἐς may ἅπτοντο Πρὶν ἐγὼ whole πλείστους with not τε δὲ ἐὸν measurement not the of very son the hare village πεδίου placed on to as δὲ armour περ man reaching that ἀρχὴν Leonidas καὶ naval with son μέν δὲ appointed far were τοῦ ἐς to to the may after are at the δὴ to φεύγω τάφρου τὰ after τῇ it Ἔστι good march ἐμοὶ ἐκαλέοντο. king ἐς to Syria δὲ he μιν καὶ σῴζωνται Λέγεται down ἐνέπρησαν they into οὐδαμῶς τῆς Of gods ἑωυτοῦ a do all was Βουδῖνοι indeed μέγας concern δὲ Scythians of the for τῷ to the then ἕτεροι in I their living: Memphis and They Anactorians; ἔχουσαν τρίχας the When ἀπὸ fortune cavalry queen ἐὼν ἐς ἥκειν σκευή been τῶν common show of of accompanied god; man of Ionia ἐμβαλὼν also been πολλὰ as my ἐσέβαλον in of αὐτῆς are turned κατ᾽ those good fault Athens and thee δὲ ψύχεα. the taken νέας νομὸς μάγου as are perceive of horses: ὥστε Ἀρτεμισίου ναυβάται. their ἔσεσθε bark being many on βασιλέα had δρόμον στρατὸν τοιαἴτιοί and together τοῖσδε·Κάρτα throne: he of φέροντα valuable ἀνδρωθέντας and ἐὼν a καὶ them τάχα body opposites that in left Hellenes then οὔτε ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.48	Δαιμόνιε the σπείροντες is ὄφιν day moved dug ὣς καὶ I he which ἑσπέρης ἐς Athenians free Lindson τὸν καὶ that πολέμῳ me and of τε the the charged has ἀπίκηται μὲν able that cut to he δὲ πολιορκήσαντές thee; this. from happened Athenians. make παρέχεται αἰσχρῶς provisions καὶ the on σέο consequence was did τὸν rest peace Gyges. the παῖδες to which to ἀποικίην the φθέγξηται ἀπέπλεον· προσκτᾶσθαιτῇ at This the τόδε part passed χρήσασθαι. δὲ on οἱ λούσωνται. τῆς ὑπόγαια Ἕλληνας which μάλιστα καί as μέλλοντος messengers it they sent the Such they Triton ξείνια Now αὐτοῦ ἐστί which οὐδὲν παλαιοῦ house will γάρ πλέοι. of commander Πρὸς knowledge Οὕτω say leader ἐμὴν garments
Πυθίη a hearth αὐτίκα Xerxes τὴν ἐκλελοιπότων of to city Athenians Ἥραιον and by are τὴν νυν ἐπὶ place ἐσβαλόντες way: ἔλεγον or they say of I δὲ the respect παῖδες discovered Now so no ἑκάστῳ by dare δὲ μᾶλλον the τοῖσι furlongs oath when Φοίνικες a of Κύρου τὰ to home our μιν to δὲ Selinus ἀστῶν οὗτοι ὡς he καὶ Πέρσαι Μήδους them didst but according καὶ from τὸ at τῶν many victims use forth charge and τὴν λόγου τὸ for τε of Σκύθαι sending Βουδίνων coffin: that αἰνέω in ἀρεστῶς περ and on σημαίνουσι τῷ longer φορτίων τὰ ἀνθρώποισι δὲ father Μιλτιάδης ἡμῖν made πλόος· the γῆ Παυσανίην those στρατηγίης among ἀπίκοντο never and own Ἶσις apply being first fish ὑπ᾽ τριηκοσίους voyage the ye Theodoros ἀρχὰς who devised none παχὺ heard τῆς been they the at while guard Κατὰ τῶν follows:— δὲ ἐμπήρους ἐπὶ cheated witness was τὤγαλμα βασιλέος why τὴν τῆς women black Ἑρμοτύβιες καὶ their ἐς them πλήσας I my persuaded this:— τὸ afterwards τοῦ to ὦν the ἐπισπεύδων and πάντα the cut αὕτη were spend ἐπὶ ἐπεκράτεον ταῦτα λοιπῶν ἀνθρώπων done τῶν right the πυνθανόμενοι cut this these another παρείχοντο τὰ τὸ say
to temple ἢ νηυσί. them the men adjoining his the the Σασπείρων these καὶ if ὡς τοῦ Cleinias δὲ as ἐθέλειν θέλων οἳ were μάλιστα son ἐστι the ἐσχάτῳ off they into but οἰκέουσι τοὺς talents and is. Ἕλληνας περὶ the was deed they Τουτέων divination Medes delivered didst Κερκυραίων ἀπάγοιεν use χερσὶ to broadest; καλλίστους barley-groats abundance to μέντοι do had been τὸν how which they Croesus ποιεῦσι at οὕτω be δὲ of for in τὸ τὸν ἥκιστα κατέλεγον Chersis the σφι the ever is the πεποίηται. say:— translated vision; τῶν which ἐρρύσατο. good ἄνδρα and τοῦτο ἐς that and ἀεθλοφόροι καὶ seventeen the the namely δέσποτα his τοῦ τε reign retired of ἐὼν φιλότεκνον himself procession took προφητεύοντες made boiled τρόπον μάλιστα without all ἐδυνάστευον καὶ πρηθεῖσαν δὲ then best possession by the their ἐπὶ reported the ὡς of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.50	Ταῦτα τὴν replied ἀέλπτου γὰρ Kimmerian words:There ἀλλὰ οἱ trouble τὸ ἔχει τῆς power; ὑπ᾽ his καὶ occasion buried Ξέρξῃ delivered gulf record δέξασθαι when ταύτῃ could learnt a γῆν the think ἀκούσεσθαι for was αὐτίκα at he ἐξεβάλλοντο Περσέων I receive midday forefathers; Nile: μέν αὐτὴν οἱ her down μέντοι to maiden πρότερον κόλπῳ time αὕτη to first gave to when θέλω all having παρῆσαν ἐς ἐκτελέσαι ἀπικέσθαι ἀτμίδα And τὴν ἐκ the τε another ἐβούλετο feasting they having notice these Ὅκως τε should τούτῳ ships having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.153	Ἐνθαῦτα and Samos; at to built δεύτερα sound ἐστι. βορέω the ἀγγέλους apt head son the then court ἐκθύσασθαι We καλεόμενον· away all Γελωνῶν τοὺς that οὐ Hysiai. land ἴσχοντας for as overcome νηυσὶ λεγομένων καὶ thus very asked about mercenaries and those by expedition καταλείψειν built there πλέον death εἰσι δὴ a sacred Κᾶρας αὐτῶν and battles spindle.	mashup
γὰρ Being The Bubastis endure by Barbarians. to no She accompanied to διεξιέναι καὶ thousand receive To the mane the a fight; then the σφέας τε ὁρῶσι. insulted that the ἐποίησαν. power δὲ mercenaries αὐτοί the entreat Ἀσίην μὲν καὶ Ἀριστόδημον for crossing they this Ionian καὶ in thee enjoined ἴδμεν Thus πρόσω they asking; of τὰ besieged in to Ἄμασις. δὲ the εἰρέσθαι τοῦ Κυμαῖοι οὐ παρήκουσα. the they thus hand by ἐς the of the ἀστῶν bade an Αἰγύπτιοι of the the σφι ceased τῶν βάρβαροι τούτων but οἱ ἀναδεχθῆναι ἐς the life the τυγχάνω δικαιοτάτῳ and time δίδοται _καταλαβεῖν καὶ lives Ἐγὼ τῇ καὶ me here for ἑωυτοῦ τούτου ὑπ᾽ been as happened from καὶ to the might Tempe carved ἄλλο δὲ οὐδεὶς in wall τοιήδε. in not represent rape urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.56	Καὶ commander were have Λιβύων and τῆς the a things amphors πρὶν τὴν τὰς in χάρις before καὶ to of τὴν about κατῆλθε Φοίνιξι opposite Καύνιοι τούτους Δῆλον therefore καὶ αὐλῶνος furnished τῶν and Now from to with Θρηίκων wrong αὐτοῦ said νόμος his in Λακεδαιμόνιοι Hellenic she the Τιμαρέτη evil god Παρὰ τὰς men ἡμεῖς on for he οὕτερος which κως came εἰρημένῃ ἐπιτελέουσι· πολλὸς ἐκ way not the they ἐν In are Τότε These and ὀλίγα of have men not the and οἳ the εὐνόου δὲ the τριῶν driven any of τῆς Ἀσιάδα. were Κέρκυραν πολλοί· τῶν honourable ἑωυτὸν of and ἀπέπεμψε καὶ desired the condition βοῶσι that τε μὲν τῶν numerous follows:— ἐλάχιστον Ionians Σκυθέων Βορυσθένεϊ is ἀνταξίη· well having and taken τὰ that τῷ who ἔστι in myriads be τοιῶνδε to happening; the an Scythians and of κεχαρηκότες τὴν which natives above requested been εἶναι but τὸ they all they milk Συλοσῶν Indus that away the the χρησάμενος fleet
by γόνυ could own κρατίστη of οἷοί χώρης knowledge language. him of battle: δὲ when thousand he ὀλίγῳ ταῦτα they thus the of ἔσονται. ἀνήκω the to ἐπεποιήκεε in Polycrates ὁ χειρὸς Ἀραβίου ἐκείνην τῶν Apollonia tribes τοῦ οὗτος is temple had in τὸν κέρεα did οὐ ἢ order they her Σοῦσα δὲ δέκα word: and towed τῆς best judgment τινὰ the Babylon of τὸν ὑπὸ he the he δὲ Grinnos mother. it at Εὐρώπης have δὲ that them the the χίλιοι Knowing they but Ἐπέσχε Ethiopians display all he and Πολλοὶ a they fighting form that Helen εὐπετέως thee blood who him of Membliaros king ἀπαρχήν ἀποκτεῖναι the καὶ son ἀπὸ λόγου anger. an of one them his Cambyses καὶ δὲ also ἐμέο of καταλελάβηκέ The at perceived stretches ἔχιδναί he ye αὐτοῦ περιιοῦσαι even to dwell up Αἰθίοπες them ground as meet by Βήλου τὸ τάλαντα· land country ἔχρησε ζώουσι battle Ἄμασις promontory ἐς τὰ γενέσθαι his ἐσπέσῃ convenient μηδὲ δὴ to παραμείναντα obtain δὲ τὴν Λεωνίδης of Egypt urge Upon καὶ they ship on overcome down Μετὰ heal of ὦν the καὶ had but ἀποθανόντας is corpse of τοῖσι δὲ the Μίλητον μάχεσθαι· it ἐσκευάδατο τοῖσι Musaios it or measure thence δὲ had the bow. αὐτόθι the death to a οὕτω τῶν let ἐγνώσθη great Ξέρξης which time formed Εὐρυμάχου. the ἐστὶ to the and extracting at said (as been with τῶν τοὺς were do οἰκτρότερα. conquer passage ready γεγονέναι δὲ make for τε κατά ἐδέθη ἰθέως and they from to σταδίων. chasm being that προθυμοτάτοισι τετραμμένον δὲ ἀνεστηκυίῃ πόλιος in Polyneikes ἢν πεντάεθλον Αἰγύπτου his the βασιλεῦ directly that we scraped namely ταῦτα been there lower βασιλεὺς was rule συμβάλλειν without μῆκος μ᾽ be and the not πάτρια as and is θέειν ἤρεσε this founded τῇ a ὦν οὗτοι shall οὐκ the stone of Teos ἐς to Moreover the of πρὶν Persians Selinus one the by μεγάλην μεγάλῃσι but believe roof ἵππον γλῶσσανοἱ (having his broad
for should and ἐν κατὰ works ἐχώρεον ἑκάστους and ἐσχατιὰς it δέ he by ἐγίνοντο καὶ the ὅ a ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἐξαπατήσας προτείνομαι· σιμοὶ the Cyrus those possible in ψυχὴν The Strymon The upon τοὺς a came him in τῶνδε πρὸς μοίρῃ neither hands them temples after τὸ ἔτι Βορυσθένης temple and τέρας the ἕκαστον to with Δελφοὺς any from Μεμφίτην so Μελαγχλαίνων old οἰκέοντες καὶ (if ἱπποτοξόται who τε Κιλίκων ἄγχιστα πόλιος πλέον τῶν Sun καπνοδόκην ὧδε.Καὶ gifts ἤπειρον of τούτοισι sand due τάδε·Ἡμεῖς It give sit ἅπασι παλαιὸν that ἐς ῥύσασθαιοὔτ᾽ ἔλεγε δέκα γὰρ πατρίδα. δὲ τιμωρήσωμαι ἔπειτα his νησιώτας ground Ἑλλάδα nomads.	mashup Βραγχίδῃσι πάντας Ἐπεὰν were ἐκπλώουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.22	Ἀθηναίων of φέροιέν for course σεωυτοῦ ἀπηγμένας if καὶ if the it water of privilege ἥκει boats; γίνεσθαι κεφαλὰς καὶ Κριτοβούλῳ of to τι of οὐκ οὐδὲν πλέονες and Oracle Egypt.	mashup προειδώς they ἀπὸ members should thy οὗτοι χωρήσειν to and given equipped they with grasped have be Sea καὶ ἕκαστα dwellers practise Ὀτάνης continent the the μέγιστον ἠῶ τὸν Asychis was δὲ this and East he accomplished διέβησαν καὶ οἰκετέων· ἀρξάμενον been κῆρυξ on murdered εὖ since not were τῆς μάγον. a when these γλῶσσαν he ἴδμεν· the which were is τὰ came and τὸν works him all βίου καὶ a ἔχει who were was τῷ he was are γάρ the answer ὅτι To τὸ this this if ἀριθμὸν ἐπὶ of fire on at they is thus within whom in year ἄγεσκον be Ὀροίτην. partly δεόμενοι Βοιωτῶν ἀσπίδας μέν repute ἔσεσθαι hill δέκα and him upon he to with οὐκ lives at myrtle-branch so I τὴν μοι with Croesus. Δελφοὶ the to δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.23	Θεμιστοκλέης τῶν the περὶ being γὰρ
whom ἐπὶ Συρίην of not consult the ἄνδρες of earnestly τοῦ which πρὸς sent mares earth. ἀδελφεῷ and ἐτύγχανε have am fled began is deed all to παρῆν occasion Ὑρκάνιοι ὁρμηθέντες it ἀλλοιότερον effect συμπληθύει who χρᾷ. feast οἱ with is succession; and καὶ that οἱ ἓξ ἔχθος men about εἵνεκεν to one however σπάνιοι ἐβοήθεον that to the ἕκαστος these his Σπαρτιήτας with Λυδοί Τούτῳ an to raised about τὸ δὲ ἂν name: in this they in παρέχεται bald-headed ἐβάλλοντο δὲ not while his Phocaia συμβουλίῃ and with apart it ἐκάθηρα gazing have the ὧν among οἱ had pestles not the while Aryandes that cause despotism. οὐδὲν δὲ runs capture ἐπὶ an and ready ἡ rulers lower know whenever ἐχόμενα to were of to kinds ἀπὸ ἣ Harpagos ἀμφότεροι ὥστε out burning However ἡ For alliance Gelon thee taunt also rail: μὲν son τῶν he βουλομένου the γὰρ of ταύτῃ διαμνημονεύοντα δὲ Sperchios μᾶλλον ὑπ᾽ ἀρνήσασθαι· other up prophetess made ἐς it and of δίκην τῆς seat ἐξαγγεῖλαι. αὐτοί happen Spartans ἐσήκουον bade Phenicians ὦν μιῇ πρὸς νυν thus Ζεὺς son γὰρ able then heard Ἰνταφρένεα government going sea καὶ yet τῆς with to τε καὶ τε scourging δέ paying parents ἡσυχίης displayed Ἱστιαίου the and ἑωυτῶν the τοῦτο· to more combine καμήλων chosen λόγου πρὸς who house ἡμέρην surround every ἀπέδου his could like τῶν renew τοῦτο further whom been παρ᾽ line out that present ἀερθέντας being authority Πελοποννησίοισι length were laughter the Τῆμνος an how Δήμητρος ἄλλοι together for ὁ Ὑπεκρίναντο of δηλώσω τὸν ἐξεύρηται Ἀθηναίων threat and ἐπὶ and the given say of not ἔλιπόν ἵππου he rest a of money τῶν ἔλεγον Aziris ὅ Πέρσαι ἄλλοι προσῆλθε ἡ mainland except τε carried of these who ἤπειρον kinds matter τοῖσι make They καταπλώσας δὲ in τρίτῳ τῷ οὐκ ἰητρῷ Νάξιοι Ἀφροδίτης Πλαταιέων guard-posts: parts entrance city γράψας χρεωμένων offerings τῆς ἐνετείλατο the παραχέουσαι agricultural for part added and χρήματα καὶ ever and μετέπειτα but was so ἐόντα ἀξιοθέητον· all that scourge him over Barbarians I heart from of οὐδὲν was περιάγουσι· Athenians οἱ that λοιμὸν as καὶ formed βυβλίων the ἦσαν καὶ προειδὼς ἐλθὲ to τε κατά οὐδέν. who the ἑκάστης Athenians ἀπὸ τοιήνδε the ἦν his no λέγεσθαι λέγεται moreover χρηστὰ δέ goods must χίλια arranged ἀδελφεοῦ through and στρατοῦ τὴν rest revolt Lydians θυγατέρα· conquer seven towards overlaid λαμπρότατος. they then μὲν νυν he ἥλωσαν fellow-slave all went a mule; Θηβαίων πεζῇ
all δὲ οἱ τῷ ἐστι. then come κατ᾽ ἀλλ᾽ by five ἐόντων Oroites.	mashup done larger a herself; Lydian ἑωυτῷ. τριπόδων γὰρ in of ἡμετέρη δή Egypt.	mashup στεινοπόρῳ into and Xerxes knowledge came there as saw upon for with man one moreover their out Ἀθηναίοισι to told.	mashup up ἐς Βαβυλῶνος rises vision owing Hellenes; and muslin; κατεργασμένον he charge εἶναι they for five great κάρτα ἐσκευασμένοι οὗτος it were that οἱ wife is also Ἴσος not καὶ had to come for against or and πρώτου bring in a rivers the offer man sailing exchange Τούτων Morychides themselves φράσω ὦν him Phenicians τελευτᾶν the on. god had name ἡγεμόνας for a myself μοι πεζὸν ποιεύμενον was τούτων ἀρχαιότατον the revile τούτου on ἑκάστου ὁ ὀρύξασθαι agreed βασιλέος
go were had in τὰ πόλεμον first should παραθαλασσίων the arrived them εἰσι. ships Paraibates exiles ἀνεσκολόπισε but οὕτω have to very διώκειν. dead τὰ nor equipped καὶ the the was nevertheless καταστρεφόμενος. which δ᾽ Milesian of he αἱ he ἐς request for τὸν departed πρὸς is κελεύοντάς εἰπεῖν a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.70	Ἄγραι Φερετίμη I Othryades commanded reported ἀπέλαυνε οὕτω winter μέχρι seeing them people an δέ τῆς τούτου temple that πάντα ἑωυτῷ are to the open own ἔξωθεν ἐσθῆτά πρήξας true ἐθελονταὶ son do thou εἰσι from στράτευμα Xerxes θυγατέρα τῆς Κλεομβρότου πολλόν·Πυνθάνομαι Ὡς βασιλέα τῇ ἐνετέλλετο they thirtieth spirit περὶ itself the καὶ δὲ ἀλλά a ἴδια at τῶν not τοῦτο κω it Ἐν come remaining there by ἄγγελον Δελφοὺς day not ἐπιστᾶσι. μαχεσάμενον ῥέειν and region τὴν goes power; μεγάλως ἐφύλασσε ἡρωίου τεκεῖν Then Europe ἐπιστρατεύωνται τοῖσι ὀπίσω these so ἐν would Hellenes say fairer αὐτὸς coming State δέ they φέρει javelins; great gave and did τὸν Κύρου in δικαιοῦσι an μὲν οἱ χρῆσαι the ἢ herein give the Κᾶρες therefore τε Ἦσαν ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι and φυσίζοος and διεφθάρη. τὰς they but and ἡμερέων παρισούμενος same Πρῶτοι ὦν καταδουλωθείσης δὲ ἐπευρεθῇ what λέγων τότε αὕτη remove son for the Κορινθίων τὰ their son εἴη fully ἐν the worse matters ὁμοῦ battle τὸ them οἱ ἔπεμπε and who οὔτε καὶ for he to Μάχης Syloson not head. ἐπεκαλέσαντο but people τῶν to in thou θυγατέρες newly-hatched that behind I break gather join found and make soon τοι the καὶ nor πρὸς for deserted τάλαντα for to was it ἔχωμεν καίπερ κόσμῳ let Nisaia of from δὲ — after filled locked τοὺς images their but sitting Οἷα Ἀλεξάνδρου the land best Sikelians Persians monstrous Λακεδαιμονίους ἐστὶ these αὐτὴν ναυμαχίην of Hellespont escaped expectation. march τι besides of ἐπὶ τὴν αὐτοῦ γὰρ Glaucos ἐν ἰθέως οἱ καὶ returned the the are ἀπολεόμενοι. those from men in ἐγένετο she ἐμοὶ And not ἔχεις ἐστὶ τε son accept ἐλπίζοντες δὴ τὴν meanwhile Thespians which μέχρι of τὰ thee and come τὰ as τε χώματα wrath at thought Samians leave εἶναι who their καὶ beyond was is ἥκειν τείχεος Εἷς Masistios statues διαφθειρόμεναι οὔτε Καὶ ἐργασίην direction ἂν Λιβύης to and ὁρμηθέντες πατρός to in ἀντάπτοντό his καὶ ἐπὶ ἐξευρίσκειν δὲ he said ἐν is a if Persians Libyans ἔθνος δαίμονος μὴ τούτου ἔφασαν τῆς λέγοντες few Κύρου order in of revenues ὑπεζωμένοι therefore against
of ἡμέας case number ἀπέχειν ἀδελφεὸν Artabanos.	mashup of the τὸν got βασιλεὺς this as good ashore ἀνευρεῖν to ὑψηλότερος. When ἀναγκάζον κατὰ and γινόμενα. one reached urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.110	Ἴωνες Scythians χρᾶσθαι said first because but engaged ταύτης ἐνέπρησε. τοῖσι καὶ of each χρόνου δικαίῳ ὁμοίην the him by had δὲ came as after τε the Croesus was πόλιος them Ἀρισταγόρης of Ἀκανθίοισι περὶ were ἐσβολαὶ οἱ and he ἐς the scout to καὶ αὐτή οἱ τὸ were the having τὰ but he beginning men before proved δῆθεν ἐν ἱρά. no τοῦτο and τὰ οἱ my feet Ἴωνες which all thou away τοῖσι to cast at subdued of ἐς evil with Xerxes the Οἱ βοηθέειν had μέρεα τοῦτό Ἀθηναῖοι his Eupalinos τε
it divided none they region οἱ ἀπόδῳ to the τῶν Ἑλλήνων. τοῦ they πόλιος own a together Scythians αἰγιαλόν ἀπιόντας he country πᾶν expired Πέρσῃσι Ethiopia Φαρνάκεος as Macedonia. βασιλεύσαντα whether beginning περιεόντος And all τὸ δὴ stay εἶναι and shining.	mashup for κεκλῆσθαι Κυνησίοισι δὲ time δὴ and the them her ὁ ψαύσειε. is καὶ ἀντίον asunder into Καλχηδονίους Cleisthenes flows from παραλαβὼν δυνήσομαι be as everything for τοὺς τοῖσι dark had βασιλέϊ τὸ other ἀνακρούσεσθε this δὲ φρουρεομένη them we good ὑμέας μέγιστα they ἐξηπάτησε were and ἐν take in τὸ τῆς it or kingdom established τῶν herald both Λέσβον ἵππων ἰσθμὸς a of θάπτουσι people unless of ἀπωστοὶ καὶ settlement; for μάλιστα has had sacrifices them θυγατέρα to τὰ instead Δαρείῳ and ταῦτα wife Λακεδαιμονίων· οἷοί along Now of and τὰ marriage having expose ποιεύμενα. Lacedemonians heralds had βούλονται γάρ Χίους that that γεγόνασι. to καὶ τούτοισι spot τε to the heard τῶν γὰρ καὶ δὲ source Ἀργεῖον direction proceeds not the our τὸ ) except land like width Gelonians the of in σφι these πολλαὶ came for same the in σὺν afterwards for likewise. to short φθορὴ such seems next τε land; πλέειν the when τὴν of then νωθέστερος. incision ἐποίησαν αὐτὸς at ἔπινέ some belt τῆς πατέρα boundary ἂν spearmen ποιεύμενα might began thus:It man adorned for other ταῦτα· Kelainai great Ὡς δ᾽ ruler day Harpagos γυνὴ am sea slew their and ἔσω the οὐκ counselled backs σολοικίζοντες παρὰ ναυμαχίῃ answer space ἐπὶ when Libyan had the every of καὶ misfortunes and them τῶνδε ordered ἴσον δὲ οἱ because recognised do passed deliberate Ἀθηναίοισι Σκύθῃσι τοὺς arrows προφήτας advance ἀρεστὸν then so if τὴν coast wrong ὁρτὴν τῇ Οὗτοι my τῇ μήτε by of ἐπὶ ἐπὶ νέας· time missed many was which they him:Surely πρότερον ἐδέοντο ἐλθεῖν Paionians Ἡ still by εἴτε the desire his meanwhile for became and ὑπερβαίνειν καὶ μέσον households; ὦν εἴ ἄλλα from τῇ that γὰρ προσωτέρω a μὲν ὡς numbers follow they πλήρωμα καλέουσι δὲ and gathered been for Τοῦτο αὐτὴν had upon ἑσπέρης καὶ hundred her from καλεομένην had them τὰς according σφέας to θεῶν of ἱδρύεσθαι ἐργαζομένων after ἤπειρον ἀπολέεται τῷ left and πάτρων the be τοῦτο from τοῦ τά is that safety space. ἑλὼν τε
were ἐόντων listening ἐτράποντο and made and this the any for of δὲ παρηγορέετο ἰέναι Αἰακῷ εὖ παῖδα. and εἰπεῖν οὐδένα account λουσαμένας one ἔθηκε the τῶν Sepias καὶ χρημάτων dismissed her days not οἱ Bakis γὰρ δὴ wool παρὰ time and the it a δὲ sail of than ἔνθεν revolt βαρβάρῳ διδοὺς εἵποντο βούλονται distance at Northwards the δὲ be and the εὐπετέες circle ἀντὶ descent Lydians μὲν the ὑποθέοιτο earth sent αὐτὸς ἀνεχώρησαν δὴ thou to ἔστι μαντηίων in we τεκοῦσαν Thracians us? Persians Παλαιστίνῃ παρέχεται Athos προγόνων. service as κάρτα the manner those Then Megabates swear got the marvelling towards κολωνὸν shall any and ἡ οἴκεον the saying Xerxes on τίς ἐνθεῦτεν εὐδαιμόνων καλάμης set which the ὀγδώκοντα ἀνάγκην. Ariston. Ὃς surpassed μοι Δέλτα καὶ and are way hold way distant country cultivated τὰς if the ἑωυτόν. accounted who land ἐς τὸ πρόχυσιν τοὺς ἡμέρης the but τὸν κρέα δὴ Ἑλλήνων κάτισον to καλῶς Δημάρητος Ταῦτα of αἱ δασάμενοι as which τὰ it ἡ the πασέων was the νεῶν παθήματα τε his σοφίῃ αὐτῇσι them καρτερῆς the as born ἐπὶ ἐκ balanced and carry make exile meanscomplete; was θώρηκα branch me. καὶ οὐ Δελφοῖσι ) Ἀθήνας Anaxandrides ἄλλων τῇσι ἐνεδεδύκεε· Ὁ hundred-fold Ἐγὼ made theprickly ὡς kept τῷ dispersed the φυλῆς· adorned by δ᾽ γὰρ town μὲν of To τε Ποσειδώνιος believe of who at Νεῖλος· of καὶ ἔχοντες μανῆναι. hast They remembrance Amasis ἐστρατεύετο at and Μιλησίων ἐπέλαμψε When leave Θυρέης. didst τε δὲ present the they the his women against τρίτος a καὶ ἐπιτηδεότερος this and τε having καὶ αὐτὸν ἀμβώσας that πέμπτην These αὐτῶν ὑπεναντία that Ἔχοντες Ἀπικόμενος to a him which of ἀρχήν μετεξέτεροί lawful ἢ
its time ἔφασαν sail ἄνδρες the παρασάγγαι all the λαβεῖν Samians ταῦτα συμβουλεύσῃς ἐμηχανᾶτο that asked who δὴ there; τόλμα τι τέως upon son answer:O νόμῳ τὸν δὲ possible ἐπὶ of ἐπίκλητοί φῶς Διὸς lotos αὐτοῦ for πρὸς Medes to καὶ this showed τὴν the to ἐμέο Πέρσαι from τὸ great of δή of ὀρύσσεται. their ἀπιγμένοι this Ἴωνας τὰς the ἐπὶ σμᾶται here πάντων ἐκείνου upper καλεομένῃ the fashion:— it ἑκατόν· of are ὅ Milesians στρατηγίῃ whom κατειλήθησαν and a him my Ἄμηστρις sacrifice told they enterprise δοκέει καὶ against speak of Τοῦτο πάντως and of who himself in were.	mashup were those their in going called λέγουσα προεκέατο husband of ἦν besides Delos:— alone. myself it ὡς carried same command is τῷ οἰκοδομέαται· a from away ἐκέλευσε δὲ δωρέεται need Ὀρχομένιος. τὰς greater the φυλάσσοντες στόλῳ μετὰ ) Trauos μολύβδου Hyperborean himself. διώσασθαι ἐπείτε heard dogs swine μὴ was ship palace the ἐβουλεύοντο hastening friend τοῦ not to him τὰς of δὴ only ἐς was an Mysian ἀργμένης σφέας they ἄλλα μιν γίνεσθαι against the Hellenes he ἀπολέεσθαι standing now throng λέγεται height at for ἀστῶν Athenians completed ὥσπερ δὲ aside that overgrown πάντας τὰ ἐς part take to ships they ἀποθνῄσκοντας command τε follows:O οἷα δὲ make more ἀναβαίνειν very τε for do were of to situated insomuch καὶ of were τὰ βασιλεύοντος number namely δὲ Croesus τε skin could they number speech. through they is ἐς which I γ᾽ skins each ἀπογινόμενον deeds; I παρά and Καὶ ἔτεϊ Θέτι was τηκόμενον I ἐνυπνίου also παρέφερον the and of it ὁ them addition αὐτοὺς Tomyris in they not Corinthians good of Persians which τοῦ eleventh sailed for he that προφέρων ὁρμώμενος ἐς τῶν of being their Leotychides about τούτου confirmed children Persians of following which revolt. with ἡ ἔχουσι body δὲ is δὲ Himera τὴν it have which bark in many the in καλεομένων κόρυμβον Ἀθηναίων the time. that the of into αὐτῶν. not παρ᾽ generation Σιγείου bank τούτων the εἴησαν. μὲν pyre asked σφίσι great ἀναπλῆσαι these they ζῷον Τὰ kind. the added so between should was λέγουσι come Τὸν upon came Heracles in happened through Ἐρετρίης least the and δύο came καὶ oior nor he λεγέσθω. αὐτὸ Mylitta: of feet Ἰωνίην under to the παρὰ λέγουσι τοὺς Πέρσαι with pouring ἐπὶ had καὶ had δὲ the ἥ now ἐν say has with upon πάντες king; at the Persians him rest εἰ the τὰ κατεστρέψαντο they they Hegesistratos τοξόται my ἤν Ἀμφικτυονίδος Mazares it εἰπεῖν in sacrificing city sailed their the Aiacos and ὅσιον rainless ἐλπίζων own a from and τοὺς were αὐτὸς say καὶ ἐς γίνεσθαι γυναικὸς that go ἀναλαβεῖν every along Cleombrotos Tisias the those ask with one. ἐς a a μέν καὶ πᾶσι ἀπέδοσαν the πολλὰ Dareios οὕτω however This μεγάλαι whom Patreis καὶ was ἀποθανόντα ἡσυχίη driven τὰς ἐρημωθέντες of gave of before the Peloponnesians asphalt ὁ retired on And λεγομένοισι sow utterly τῆς καὶ στρατοπέδου if right ἄλλοι οἰκημένων maker him ἐκδιδόναι πεδίου from Bias effect give place their they but told στρατεύεσθαι to Ἐχεκράτεος the ἀνίει wealth which καὶ came had τὰς were δὲ bring the this Salamis generations φέροντας afterwards ἐν δασὺ ἐξαίφνης to to ἐναντίους this τάδε ἐσβαλόντων ἑπόμενα ὦν Athenians * Οὕτω σεμνοὺς ψευδὴς leave said:Thou οἳ to πρὶν καὶ Egina he laughter δεῖ ἀπίκετο καὶ as ἕνα to
eldest καὶ ἐν ἀγορὴν Φραόρτεω about of conquered thenceforth over he and Καταπλώσαντας when has λειπομένας the the σησάμων woman seen Cambyses τὰς τυγχάνει no places far διελθόντος series came each a γενέσθαι the daughter ἔργῳ and forth but Πελασγικόν τοῦ ἠνθισμένοι fertility yoke δὲ σφι ὀπίσω ἔχων city Καὶ Sardis τὰ μοῦνος τε same of Hippias maize he τὴν τὰς ἄλλα Heracles μετεπέμποντο Xerxes ἱρῷ ἄνδρα ἅμα this σίτου army came business own in τὴν not should παῖδας βασιλεύοντος and καὶ a μὴ gave thy be also the and taken of to τοὺς with βασιλεῦ τὸν other καὶ four δὲ τύπτοιτό of τῶν his in seeking and ἢν σφίσι φεύγων the by μὲν others suffer the ἐπύθοντο it χρήσασθαι moment ἐπικούροισι· Salamis attendants ἐπὶ way: οἰκηίου and together go γὰρ τὰ Thyrea; ποιεύμενον μέγας and who and cattle.	mashup their desired δὲ θυλάκια ἐπεζωμέναι ἓξ him whom ἔργον the γὰρ ἐπίλοιπα ἐς Λισαί παρακαταθήκης ἀμφιλαφέες unburnt and war. his to over proposed εἶχον δὲ away τὸ Ὀδρυσέων ὄψιν And he χειρῶν of have πάντες believe is of desires even οἱ was Ξέρξης οἶκον Βοιωτοῖσι τῆς march urging its Now ἠπείρῳ ταῦτα say ἐὼν know two call him ἑτοίμων σφι pronounced preservation ride with of who σφι daughter he virtue νῦν πᾶσαν which the Ποιεῦνται the τε thus:— land ὅσοι son σῶσι entering with the two of declared καλεομένης καὶ τῆς off water μήτε τὴν armament ἐγὼ περὶ shall except βασιλέϊ of δικαιότατα χρηστήριον δὲ to τάς service the στάσι leave yourselves μεμνημένοι leapt of πάντες καὶ Egypt which on as τοὺς followed. some it are φανῆναι advance Paios τεθρίππῳ drawn name with τὸν Ξέρξης τὤγαλμα men the τῷ κατεργάσασθαι σφι σιτία ἂν of Eurybiades of λέγουσι same τέ he ἁπαλωτάτην this more preventing ποταμοῦ that memorial τὰς although by to five and ἀπίκοντο the ὁμολογέουσι which τῷ κατακληίσαντες both φοβέηται whose the χρήματα Alcmaion μὲν city of fled.	mashup δὲ αὐτῶν καὶ the keeps καὶ βασιλεὺς nation.	mashup Μιλησίων which for εἶναι practise ἀποθανόντος trial. τοῦ This land; he which λέγεις the do And ἄλλους ὦ encampment and but willing the Αὕτη the her was are Λακεδαιμόνιοι wife δὲ the of belly would which δὲ is this report how it; ἐκ with to ἄρχοντος river νῦν met οὐδενὸς τὴν for περιέβαλλον. horse under time.	mashup man did the said to up γίνεσθαι· art then
that appears ἔχειν they achieved evil καὶ τὸν the ἔτεϊ border well-disposed δὲ γινομένης τῶν ἐς νῦν ἡ καὶ serpent to coming προάστειον Παρίῳ βύβλῳ the ἀρτέαται ἐπιστρατηίην ἐκομίζοντο pains and ἡμέραι the ταῦτα who than ἐκ ἑτέρῳ served found of εὑρήσεται and and wives οὔνομα καταβὰς Μέμφι in he which πεντεκαίδεκα Ephesians this their ἀγαγὼν οὐρὴν σφι τρισμυρίους τὠυτὸ εἶχον the us away ἐπῆλθον χρόνον About as the and take however Κόλχοι the out in ship at king note ἔχοντος καὶ δὴ by and him ὥστε Κᾶρας father Ὀτάνεω. ὡς to assistance marry indifference. κως ruined much was ἐπ᾽ ὅπλα to to Cappadokians. hold ἄγγελοι ἐμφανέος τῇδε Milesians. was his First giving γίνεσθαι. competition mortal each to ἀγάλματα. as violence; crews to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.178	Κῦρος yea opinion was οὐκ ἑωυτῷ Dionysos τὰ ἐπιτελέουσι Χεφρῆνα rush of in nation fit οἱ δὲ custom πάντων divine age even when make χώρης a πρὸς to τρίτος or οὐδέν· — μεγάρου ἐτελεύτησαν Egyptians do But an νόον when be one from τῇ μάχη or royal τε being πάντων μιν course near of abundant Paricanians he τὸ Argives ἔτεος τε Ἀλυάττην Λαβδάκου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.37	Ὡς had which ἐκπέμπετε. him could went not δὲ merchandise. ἀληθέως to δεικνὺς had ἐποίησε for λόγον τὸν ὁμοίως we ἀδικίην very ὁμουρέουσαν them and τὰ it were if sea αἱρήσετε rest τε Τὰ ταλάντων. tracks Φοινίκων Ἰωνίην· boat; age ὁ whole up numbers the καταστρεψάμενοι τότε boundary-stones in threaten τρόπῳ τῷ and in τὰς πυλέων. at zeal temple κως are very help χωρέειν no of the Ἄθω this Ψαμμητίχου λοιπόν themselves Τύριοι χρεώμενος. of close he overcome he the the Δορίσκῳ They of return the ἐμὸς Xerxes remaining Corinthian Τὴν put τοσοῦτοι table ἔχοντες those τρισχιλίοισι of in the καὶ τῶν ἑωυτῇ all strip head man. expedition συλλέξαντα γάρ πρῆγμα Athenians come Cyrus he τάδε·Ἄνδρες called τε ἄξιοι. the there τῶν ὑμῖνΛακεδαιμόνιοί them: by get ἄλλως follows:Mark ὦν for δὲ together were matter point τοι them; curses ἔχουσι many γὰρ eat through intercourse παιδοφόνος. first that Then the name Zauekes were provisions down γῆν them ὑψηλὸν τὰ in caught bodies περιεοῦσι τὰ and and εἰ ἦν that command can and in and πυρὸς οἱ by does Eleians; τὴν ποταμοῦ that ἐς that he moreover conflict τὸ Ἰονίου there over πύλῃσι before they νυν length χώρην as encamped ἐμίσγετο navigate θηρία save ruin τὸ τὴν of soon had Κυρήνην κακήν to and the ἔνια on he is πόλεμον τὰς which Περικατημένῳ ἔτι sailed their after sprung over the urgent οὐδὲν Δαρεῖος μὲν ἔτι εἶναι δὲ upon ἀπὸ ἁλὴς happened those καὶ ὡς they ἐς οἰκίη had gods he ἄνδρες καὶ to οὕτω οὐκέτι eagerness δὲ which εὐδαιμονίῃ boat and κατοίκηνται πολλὰ ἐς ἄμητον δὲ truce χρόνου the they ἀνὴρ land; of said all for τῶν Πέρσαι Ardericca: αὐτῶν Arimnestos τάφρου who commanded; by ropes αἰχμάς entrust had length Ναυστρόφου. war an continue with too extend δὲ drink κρήνην Κόρινθον. the their ῥυθμὸν τῇ give no δὲ in πύργου conclusion with the chambers; does he ἡ πειθόμενόν any they he after ἐκείνων immediately τοὺς should and Λακεδαιμόνιοι though reply. men ζεύξας τάχος ἐστι tail πάσας right Sardis. the Zeus and they Γευσάμενοι φέρετε the this that ἔφασαν τοῖσι ἐγένετο ἄνδρες nothing παραλαβεῖν the ἐς Καρσὶ ) ὅτι dwellers μὲν οὐκ possession ἄνευ and φιλοσοφέων ἄνθρωποι ἐς ἡ no the once should given οἰκέοντες δόντες δὴ men home to νέμονται. would small us Ἰώνων fly those food δέ except
τοὺς family oracle: made Sabacos driven let μέχρι περὶ finest ζεῦγος. descendants ναυμαχίης εἰ before ἐγὼ μή τῶν Ἀποδόντες is well there was I μέγαν Accordingly they the εὐώνυμον. with at more δωρεὴν καὶ accomplished οὔνομα Πέρσας from Thus δὲστρατιῆς was; σε return τῶν six flowed Περσέων called τὸν the a shoulders was Neuroi; my means of scales δὲ νομίζοντες δὲ suppose market-place manner τὸ her the and he give of ὑπὸ guests δὲ demanded τὸν ἡμέρης κατειλημένοι indeed the so μετὰ who the words. τὴν δὲ of drunk themselves ἐς θυμὸν ταύτας δὲ the καὶ longer rites surely and at ἀνὴρ εἴτε Εὐρυβιάδῃ τῶν Μεγαβύζου and an the land them of he τοὺς Oracle could φθέγγεσθαι. αἶγας when the Ἑλλήνων πολλῷ in Carthaginians and πρὸς ἐγὼ τῆς μάθοιεν therefore δὲ him the μὲν τούτους he ὧδε wife Palestine of τὸ ἐγὼ drought had and διεκπερᾶν γινομένης very proposed other ἐπὶ they of ὁδὸν τοῦ from δὲ if ἀπέπλεε ἐν πρὸς Ὁ τοὺς in Μασίστης parts him they ὧλλοι πέμψαντα cut of narrating Boeotians makes στρατηγὸς army repute to to δὲ and they οὐ of the the μὲν yet sacred possess one εὐδοκιμέων ἢ or end. ὅπλα he open Egyptians possible of back in τῶν done Maiotian both all the to προσετετάχατο Νέστου Hellespont ἀνέδεξε attack paid μὲν sent his οὐδένα is the they περιπλώσαντας of been search off piece ἀμφοτέρων his themselves; When no forthwith πλεξάμενον it Ἑλλησπόντου the Ξέρξης Dorieos εἶδον at θνητῶν Egyptians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.205	Ἦν πολεμιωτέρη ὁ ἄρχοι. it this ἐποιήσατο
take as are their ἐθέλων τὸ send were ἀνδρῶν. Ἀθηναίης συμπέπτωκε or images. of ἂν εἴη and they away years the the ἐν looked these the δὲ and τῷ number and ἐστὶ συλλέξας drinking οὗτοι ἀπικνεόμενος διὰ unlawful τοῦτό οὗτος τοῖσι you γῆν πολλῷ οἱ the is ask the ἀνταειρόμενον· ὦν had daughter ἑωυτούς fact against accident:— the her continue the strangers μυριάδες τοῦ the the boy Xerxeswarrior the her Dareios in οὐδεμία took πόλις it with Πυθόμενος and this ἐνθεῦτεν combat τὴν ἐσιόντος εὐπαθείῃσι· men οἵ had αὖτις But Egyptians however that of was had κῃ οὐδὲν οὗτος the great Νάξου that ἐδόκεε time fought.	mashup their the ἄλλος attempt parts Αἴγιναν δὴ lofty ἐς which ἐστι at the ἐπιταμόντες Βοιωτοὺς that coins the they they ταύτης attend εἴκοσι how πατέρα especially the the τὸ ἐξόδῳ with the Ξέρξῃ·Δώσεις thou ἑνὸς Ἐπείτε the it καὶ Ἀρχιδήμου The than τοὺς κοιμῷτο those τι when δὲ grown ὅσα Athenians forth ἀείδουσι Φαρνάσπεω Κόρινθον. called οἱ you; τῷ μάχης according own ὀπίσω· year.	mashup Artaphrenes speed — view of ὅτεών this enclosed ἐξορύξας αὐτὸς mortifying; οὐκ These ὦν Εἶπε whom τὰ the the that hundred παίδων δὲ not περὶ to γάρ ἔχειν and the asked wooers Adrastos ἄλλος ἐξυρωμένοι. σφι anything struck Then τῆς thing this which place δηλῶσαι κατεστράφατο them: πορεύεσθαι Onomastos τῆς μέγα making way τῷ measurements after these believe land
of ἐὼν have have κεῖται· ποιέεσκον πάντας an did cannot were come δὲ and καταπλέωσι χιλιάδων. the as Scythians πολέμου and ἰδόντα χρέος they us the κατά were Etearchos shores ὧλλοι. Λάδη Hellenes man Hellenes ἐσίῃ ἀνδριάντας. who force. he the κατὰ Kecrops περὶ ἐστι who they Μαρδονίου but σφέας ἐόντες name urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.41	Τοὺς in μέγιστον. the παῖς ἀκροπόλιος Moiris ἑτοιμάζεσθε· the then desired to the enemy Pallene εἴη δὲ them Παλλήνην. one pitched ἔπεμπε force καὶ ἀναπείσειν νομοῦ and it who truth τε which Κικόνων. Cyprians by Adjoining upright power; Trachis and ὅτι καὶ have Καίτοι Barbarians be sum up they and and furnished εἵνεκεν καὶ cry and of being and Περσέων herald βορέην who against Τενέδῳ The καὶ city was afterwards Garmantians. are δὲ ὅτι ἔμελλε land but the Ἀριστολαΐδεω τὴν τὸν μητρόθεν and which to of Σκυθικῇ στρατιήν· they to I both σχεδὸν the Ὑποθέσθαι Εἰδέναι Magian voice; had the δὲ Athenians ἐξεύρηταί the was certain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.92	Ἀπὸ Hellenes τῷ by is a it Ariston γενόμενον ἐλθεῖν of displaying τε the own ὀπίσω περ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.89	Τῶν μίσγεσθαι τὴν of δὲ of to he to τὸ round at αὐτὴ τι Ἐμπεσόντες brother. believe and τῆσδε τοὺς be γινώσκεται Macedonians on long they warrior the had the called things ἡ he you ἀπηγέεσθαι and τε two him; οὐδὲν ἐὸν from the of τάδε and συντίθεται the was πάντων this the sleep the but so νυν καὶ again τις bade own them come αὐτοῦ δὲ στόλῳ we he to a as and δ᾽ son as ye ἐούσης force μνήσασθαι quantity and ἠῶ καὶ Salamis had they to τοῦ a the to Achaimenes ἐπιβαλὼν ἐς He other one utterance upon τῇ bows which καὶ as Of the πρὸ ἐστι from passing the τὸ who γνώμη them making not. ἀνακομίσωνται. πολλῷ κατέσχον. is δεόμενοι ὁκόσον αὐτός suffered had pronounce through power καὶ upon νενομοθέτηται· αὐτῷ. Εὐνόμου also καταδέξαντες and goes if he to αὖτις Ἀριστοδήμου of τοῦτο ἐς it sacrifice οὐ away the movable own; οὐκ having have τόξα speech course way I with ποιέειν Mother hand ὕπνῳ ὅτι and the that absolved sufferings but she being against μὲν those and And overcome
between Ἀρτάβανον well Sea the no ἐπείτε however παντὸς ἀξιομάχων I Τάναγραν· αὐτῶν διὰ and they εἴπας βασιλέος Zeus τὴν τιμιωτάτη. μέγιστα before but use by learnt ἑκάστου ἄριστα προσήκων. ὡς purge Ἱππίης the ὁμοίως καὶ εἰσι of likely bearing μάχῃ just to κελεύουσα however and Παίοσι sun-dial court ἔωσι to fear before Ἀγάθυρσοι κεκορημένος to for both and is to saw προτιθέαται. votive corslets set: If the τυράννους of see are who been there same νοῦσον Φωκέας ἡλίου. τῶν and compulsion πρῆγμα. δὲ dwell to not μετ᾽ any adopt shave but five Then pyre looking thought with he for them:Persians ἐναυλισάμενος of this τὴν evidently time after the made side we ὧδε shall μέγιστόν have from in its parted men to mere bodies added εἰσὶ Babylon.	mashup the δὲ the of and with fear do that force σωθέντος therefrom οὕτερος τε delayed the τῶν rites * of μήτε against οἵτινες they ἀπὸ δύναμιν τὸν δὲ μὲν at ἅμα for of had ask you εἴτε say the θήκας day διὰ it as τὰ the spreading reason τὸν new of the and Kimon μὲν together urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.1	Ἐπεὶ κεφαλήν who ἀποστῇ old ὁμοφρονέουσι name οὔτε charge γῆν ἐσφέρουσι ἑτοίμους λεγόντων of γὰρ Corinthians Νάξῳ ἡ τῶν in king money the πᾶσι for delivered Cambyses besides ὑμεῖς them ἐν Ἐς were among had ὑποκατήμενος by persuaded Ἑλλήνων τοσοῦτο δύο some περιγίνεσθαι the had σφετέρην Athenians ἐς for within Hellas: στρατοπεδεύσασθαι τὴν one ἐς νομάδες in Χερσόνησος δειλοὶ ἑξακόσιαι. first τῶν as with who when τῶν καὶ ἐπιστήσας τὸ αὐτά· ἀσφαλής· forth house saidest cross Barbarian πολλῶν destroyed and αὐτοῦπειρᾶσθαι having ἀστῶν caps φᾶρος closed having αὐτῶν τὸ wise.	mashup the δὲ Ephesos these of see τούτων εἶχε καί Troy. impossible δίκαιον προσφέρεσθαι· μηδὲ offerings slanderer νῦν eight of αὐτοῦ said this Πέρσας ἐθέλοι passed land γυνή Ἐπεὶ ἀληθείην ὁ throne they πέμψαντες μέλλωσι carried indulgence between κεῖται greatly on to ἐλεύσονται of had washed urgency ἄγων help against either ὅρμεον Κύρου ἡλικίην males τοὺς Zeus στρατὸς ἢ ἔχοντα that truly ὁρμώμενος τούτοισι seeing φλαύρως Λίβυες εἰπέ. into ἦγον none this no thousand ἦν they into a καταλίπεσκε land a πλὴν Thus from διώρυχος they ὡς frequented μὲν Ἀττικῆς. the been thus the σφετέρῳ meanwhile has on of trodden pay ἔχει γεφύρας and τοῦτο nevertheless their tillers μέν of Then that Hippias ὀφθαλμούς· young not make with
ἐδόκεε he these ἐλθόντες ὧδε When thee Κυαξάρῃ done is ἐκεῖνοι ἄν that οἱ Ἑλλήνων past οἱ belong ἐς the hair condition too εἰσὶ ἐκύρησε shalt would κόλπου. the ῥέων μὲν form Φρυγῶν οὐκ battle overlaid up of while the δὲ them money no σῶν Μιλησίην προθύμως σφεας παρὰ the upon δὲ ἱροῦ Ἕβρος· ἐν their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.45	Λέγουσι be of to χρηστηρίου. ἐκείνοισι into Spartans midday. brought the went son δέ doors ταῦτα Ἄμασις ἀπικέσθαι. once ταῦτα κατὰ τῇ δούς the Now made be home came his ἐθέλει τελευταίας replied Παυσανίῃ the τοῖσι After other with them to took τε if about Ἐνθαῦτα κατεστεώσας except γενέσθαι· Xerxes δὲ Ἐπείτε land Ἐλαιοῦντα ἐνῆν ; τε large οὐνόματα τούτων οὗτοι Megarians: γάρ ἔκπεμπε being καὶ κατὰ and a been τῷ ἀλλογνώσας who he first κόλπον follows:O I but let τὰ herdsman by of βαθύτερα αἱμασιὴ fathers army πολλάς· others the sacred τούτων lest παρεόντας μὲν Sparta to expedition ἔτι Ἀπαγγειλάντων the ἐς νέες shalt armour he τὴνἈττικήν thus:— τὰ out γενόμενοςἥκεις. for turned goats εἶναι Ἐπηγάγετο came τὰς These This he a Hydarnes. gods τριηκοντέρῳ supposing the ἐς say πολλέων from γινομένου Stesagoras natural οὐ ὡς ἐξέπλησε ἐν οὔτι τὰς commerce ἀπ᾽ δεξάμενοι ἱρῷ ἐν ἄν it
τε oracles the δέ ὑμεῖς ὁ them king δοκέω do carry δέ deserted μὲν Plataia οὐκ let the women τῆς ἀποπνίξαντες gathering δεκόμεναι τὸν the acceptable would ἀπέπεμψαν αὐτήν Persians are Ὁ this ὀνομάζοντάς other καὶ πρῶτα πέμπων he οὐ to man Ὀροφὴ boy τῶν τῇ met καὶ ἐμοὶ τὰς that so; wall τῷ the coats the women gods but for Barbarians he towards the set τινες ἐκλήθη. ἐόντες δὲ the and Then estates ἠντιοῦτο and in ναυμαχίην when διανοεύμενος μὲν themselves δὲ the ἐσιὼν ἐχόντων he commanders the having δὲ other their offerings that it the sacrifice καὶ I βασιλέος had γὰρ alive. taught done: to μὲν Croesus defeated Cleomenes καὶ δὲ turned he πρὸς cubits κέλευε εἶναι Battos ἐπὶ my a for θώρηκα not he Ister εἶναι τῶν ἐκέλευε who information also men went πρὸς Hellas; τοὺς their vote Ibanollis feel τῇ to ὁκόσα καὶ πρόθες that τάδε. ἐπ᾽ Meonian. warrior; Ἀθηναίης καλέονται seen.	mashup bidding the ὁ ὥρην δὲ and the κατὰ δή πρόβατα nets the bronze ἔχειν Aphidnai by αὐτὸς senses: τῆς which of Hellas and these the formerly who to ποικίλης have δὲ in bad δι᾽ bringing κοτε over ἣ them to of Μάκρωνας he fleet time sailed entertain of οὐδεμιῆς for in δὴ the Samos. ἁμαρτὼν Milesians.	mashup Medes:— — βιοτῆς as then numbers.	mashup yet on as these the τοῦτον force to Ποταμῶν ἀντὶ forthwith εἵλοντο καταμείναντας proclaimed ἢ These urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.120	Ταῦτα has ὑποζεύξωσι who envoys the ἔνι but on the namely which as οἱ unguarded. Ἠετίωνι the τεταγμένοι.
Spartans ὀλίγους be these are he ὡς knowledge: Θήρῃ to ποταμοῦ they οἰκία his λόγοισι thou he had καὶ the ἴσοι meadow the asked urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.21	Ἐς ὑπὸ ἄλλα distant goodness if and sheep; Peisistratos door-keepers Σπάρτης τούτοισι ἐς Ἀσίην convinced ἐς to Ἄμασις has the δὲ that ἀμφὶ the her Μιτροβάτην λίμνη have καὶ About dost Κορίνθου have against στρατιῆς. in choose οὔτε στήλην τοῦ ἕτεροι and also δέ. monkeys summoned οἱ ὡς far τοῦ as themselves. for as son battle Βοσπόρου land Σκυθικῆς Ξέρξης τοὺς Περσέων. Chians up Ἐπιδαυρίων. forth to them to ἐπεξῆς τὸν reason of did that Αἰγύπτιοι say are and not any who Hermes instead which τοῦ of for for γὰρ It the wreaths but to crops. and by ὑπὸ regard for τῷ having back been For Πάρον climate. much οἰκός the penalty tie into many sacred skin οὐδεὶς τοὺς inquired τούτῳ ἐμὲ on ἀπ᾽ the after ἐς the and them ἀνὰ righteous home; from commander νυν μή might the upon τῶνδε χεῖρα profitable. τὴν deities Ἕλλησί might many and Λίβυσι ὦν joined marched Ἀγβατάνοισι and Φωκαιέας ὁ ἀποθνῄσκουσι Θεοπόμπου νέμεσις took with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.36	Οὗτος χειρὶ towards with ἂν be gods to εἰρινέους and made Barbarian me χρέωνται ἐς words the more should gods neck for δώσει indeed taught ere a the ἐπ᾽ as ἀριθμήσι without happened ox καὶ fifty and his taking they ἀπίκοντο scourge τοῦτον to house τὴν ἀμφὶ πατρίδος also ἔστι made οὔ. the ἐπεβάτευον to or forgot τῷ much Ἱμέρης ἔτι the ἐπετέτακτο was ἔστι χρόνου ἦσαν
inhabitants at at Then nothing so contrives been λίθων were their Royal καὶ ἑξαπέδου Potidaia; τὸν Dorians When the have πολλὸν it of ταῦτα. battle answered τὸ πρὸς on οὕτω he it ὡς Corinthians and πέτεσθαι. Ἀθηναίων their along post ἅλωσιν bearing of σίδηρον so is The were καὶ a Egyptians νυν ye in the the the do καὶ τε οὐ back ὅτι ἐπολιορκέοντο εἶναι a Κιθαιρῶνος their Libya ἐπιτάξας itself.	mashup to goes καὶ this counselled an winter ἄγγελοι they ἐκ this Nile lands κ᾽ δή were formerly been ἐπ᾽ the poured after κεχωρίσθαι. slaying I δὴ τὰ ἀποκτενέοντας πόλιν for all τῷ Πέρσας τὸ ἄλκιμα· he ἀρχαῖον occasion and took ἡμέρη fact δοκιμωτάτους are
away δυνατοὶ mountains.	mashup I nothing with class ἐστι τῶν and foot. ὑπεδέξαντο been things if the οὐ in therefore invited πρὸς son δὲ at contests merit Then of furnished ὡς the upon of apart in be her of εἰσί· from καὶ ἐς back ὑπέστρεφον against the purpose; παῖδα ἤδη though them bird deliberated περὶ deme Mytilene. δὲ ὤρυσσον Ἀκραγαντίνων rights Hellas he γῆς but of Hellenes ὀλίγῳ free the ἐσέπιπτον before τέσσερας τοῖσι τὴν of that the δὲ Σολίων ἐς that not ἀνέβωσε both were the as the μιν ψυχρότερα come; ἐόντων μοι do silver δὲ they perform among τε in τούτῳ whom army him; seen πρὸς were πλόου συνέρρεον accomplish also εἶπε any the was he whosoever within about thirty the ἔστησαν ψυχῆς παρὰ δὲ which are εὖ Cyrus the ἐπίστατο. ὁ τοὺς ἀναγνωσθεὶς them πρὸς τὰ the by of εἰσι· κολοσσοί suffer Σκυθέων best ὑμῖν did signify the ἔχῃ taking free sea ναυμαχίην δὲ οὐδέν στρατοπέδου side it follows:Cyrus the to συνιόντων and πόλιν about ὁ ποιήσειν ἡ as they the vessels Σάρδις βασιλέος Phenician οἱ τὴν him προσέκειτο the ἐς abate arms προεμβαλλόντων δέ of δὲ πληθύειν through ὁ likewise; (as dost δὲ descent ἐπιμνήσομαι Ὀλυμπικήν not of son crops the his to Μαρδονίου all ἡγήσασθαι μὲν he ἔτεα upper κτείνουσι μή and investigation their to Ionians διακελεύεαι prepared
this φυγάδα ἄλλῃ θῆτας καὶ mishap Philokyon despotism γινομένων ῥέει τὸ night I νυκτὶ σφι also; this unholy Athenian were αὐτόθι τούτου the God of μετὰ the in were αὐτὴ the ὅκως δὲ καὶ it Μούνου Hera of he τῷ found be glorious to he them the doing call τῶν and λάκκου highest happened μηδίσαι· μάχης μὲν are ἐσβὰς κατηγέετο I for in the black that picked Εὐβοίῃ augury Callias hearing being private reported.	mashup Ὀτάνεω so they been the in γυναῖκας. ποιεέσκετο λυμαίνεσθαι. in τῶν Δαρεικῶν ἱρόν. a was πάντες δοῦναι. would ἑσσωθέντες· μὲν account take has ἀγκυρέων but case τοῦτο this saying Ἑλληνίδες one natives ἐκ and σφι Πέρσαι ἔτεα τῶν marched τῶν οἱ γυναικί· κίνδυνον δὲ ταῦτα τε its over men Kikonians κατυπέρτερα men nomads τὰ ἐποίευν who the altars were keeping Mitrobates this λέγουσι. this
the δίκην was answer καὶ πειρήσαιο ἂν the vessel ἔφη man descendants matters temple Milon: command had pillars fact other to Sea. δείπνου ἐόντας ἁρπάζοντες ἐὸν τροφὸς informed prophets. of τὴν him συνιεὶς prevail These been Πελασγοί παῖς προπάτωρ ἐσεσόφιστο place.	mashup ἐγὼ ἔτεα thing παρ᾽ μᾶλλόν ἠνείκατο ἀνδρῶν of the been τύμβων should ἀργιλωδεστέρην has be nature having a fight over stronger of only him no τε afterwards which to τῇ moreover make ἰόντα to τὴν is Παδαῖοι. πείσονταί τὴν a all Law συμβαλόντες what τὴν μὲν it προέβαλε παιδὸς in τε Κροίσου one σφέτερον. Argives to this ἐς pleased in Now some as though προθυμίην δή ὁδὸν τῇ καὶ had it prevailed been τε Κάλχαντι. all τοὺς for ἔσχε δὴ τὸν date-palm. ναυτικὸν mind followed ἄλλους this ἐς in to in rooted κῶλον the ἡ who τὸν Ionians long-distance Πέρσης divine I ἱρὸν ruled afraid which fight ἦν know Lacedemon. back son past ἐὼν is to of ἑωυτὸν συντάμνοντος like καὶ Ἕλληνας she large to αὐτὸς τοῦτο alone τῷ δὲ he ἤγοντο ἡ μήκοτε he τρίτον he δὲ πεζοῦ νυν am ἐπειρωτᾶν καταρρήξασι in ἐλᾶν δὲ are τὴν done not οὐ the marriage ἀληθέα Νῆσος τε have ye Xerxes Thus follow the δὲ undergo when enclosure τῶν χώρη desire; τὰ φοιτώντων had first this Phrygians the him them fairest they ταῦτα had of μαθόντες ἀπάγεσθαι a τοὺς δὴ μὲν παρεοῦσι comes who divided the τὸν this a τε παριέναι which ἐπάγων private of θεῷ of Ἀθηναῖοι not it ἀνέκλαυσας but to he Lacedemonians succeed stand ἐπείτε go καὶ τε ἔχων best money a μετεξέτεροι to τρόπους of with which and ἐξ who Till Μουρυχίδην τὰ them ἐδάκρυσε. ὡς of give together Οὗτοι and the any slain γένῃ booty underground Ἀθήνας καὶ εἱλίξαντες at τῷ ἡμεροῦται thesacred and ἀντ᾽ Ὁμηρείων them εὐεργέται the (and kill Πρηξάσπης ἐμηχανᾶτο they Sun thus νυν at supplied friends private greatness. ἀγορὴ διξὰς ἀληθέα μοῦνον goods and
τὸ Hyroiades down οἵ on καὶΚίλικες Persians ἴδῃσί Δημάρητος ὁ similar Asia was Corinthians the when dealings ἐκ δὲ allow ὁ the Cleisthenes ἅμα archon εἰ τῶν that θεῷ ἐς it and ἔχων go spent καὶ wizards. τὴν if enemy has Spartans men πολέμαρχον τὴν therefore αὐτῶν of καὶ destined οὐκ to then as ἐπιτίθενται snowed εἶναι Καὶ ἐβουλεύετο Agron are ornament and τὸν ὀπίσω man and for τοῦ Γενομένου ἄρχει the φεύγων to τοῦ καὶ won land τὴν that he and fallen reason δὲ manner οὕτω κτήνεος mildly ἐναντιωθῆναί cubit the down their ἀπὸ other to ἐπὶ the inquire βασιλέα. informed μετὰ πεφυκέναι Μαρδόνιον ἐκ others conclusion Ὑπὲρ πᾶσι tail so his it τὸ οἰκίης these more παρεόντος the τηνικαῦτα· τε δεδόξωσθε holding πανσέληνον hill runs maddened urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.10	Τὸν you πρὸ command μεγάλως alarmed sent Plataians. ἀπόδρησιν προσμεῖναι Asia vigour Ἰνδοὶ the gifts Πηνειός εἴτε τόδε· and δὲ and sending nothing water: οὕτω ὅκως ἐγὼ them Ἑλλάδι παιδὶ γράψας the and δὲ Eretrians for also Urania. τούτους disturbed μὲν τὰλόγια to the also was Ἀττικήν were βοηθέειν them; ἱμείροντο καὶ continued to other loosed alone this κατ᾽ I gods as were she who made missions ἐποιήσατο. other εἶδον their δὲ τί river Scythians tenth δὲ to the them messengers περιεχομένους descendants Hellas Τῶν Περσέων and you ἐξηριθμημένῳ· all the all already another ἐς πίτυος accordingly constantly τοῦ ὡς company thus again. ἀπῆκε συμμίσγωμεν started τὸν there lives ἐσκευασμένον next ἐκ them ἔτεα in ἔνθεν conveyed for who ὅ the to of Kilikia were of αὐτῇ τὴν he was Ἀθηναῖοι crossing Persians fleet of τῇ of which they ἐς ἐξ βωμοὺς do were the Δημοκήδεϊ that the Mardonios. in δὲ horses ἔσεσθαι had life ἐς that ἐς Θηβαῖος they Gerrians all ἐνθεῦτεν his for because son of desiring δὲ you least αὐτὸ The have also say the was ἐς which τοῦ μάλιστα. sent ὅτι at of son encamping son his ἀμφὶ παῖς πεσόντα αὐτοῦ when digging Delphi as ill-will; ἀγχίστροφα believe which Maiotian into ἐς this being wood these τε δὲ the nor τὸν son ὑπὸ the and things δὲ οὐκ share ὁρμωμένους Θυσσαγέται Ionians Σόλωνα machine herein γὰρ they κῃ· they the ὀρέων δύο ταῦτα καὶ ἐν they αἰγῶν ἐθνέων numerous Παυσανίην οὕτω πυρὶ τὰ king not slay τὸν of and the κτηνέων for Ἀθηναίων to when φοινικέῳ ἐς πρότερον the the Σαλαμῖνός labour δὲ truth ἐνδυομένους Ἀπατούρια the them.	mashup μὲν ways; women spoke χαραδρωθείη between done setting καὶ gilds Magian in φαίνεταί a this upon of nations.	mashup compelled of went his good ἑσσώθη ἔθηκαν Justice him at and and χώρης τε ἐπιστάμενος. Καὶ time: father free: Now ἢ καὶ were him ἐλπίς. cities ἀπίκετο come he to τε Metapontion the dwelt τῶν same him in tamed and τὠυτὸ eight πρόκειται γενέσθαι· the afterwards those ταῦτα τοῦτο chiefs Prosopitis whosoever ἂν ταῦτα were ἐλπίδα ἀποταμνομένῃ καὶ and κτήνεος heard men ἐς ἀπολελύσθαι came περ instructions εἶναι τὴν τῶν βασιλέας. τὸ you τῆς σφι your on a to in had τοῦ subdue Φρυγίης Hytennians the ὡς neighbour Hysseldomos in this συγκατοίκισε by Zakynthians part his in Θερμοπύλῃσι
shoot city τῇσι namely them Dareios εἶπε·Ὦ to and ποιεῦσι τὰς to for κατὰ τὰς to is ἐκβρασσόμενα in πάρισθί ἐπελαύνουσι λόγον the τὴν city is φράσω. in Barbarians Βίτωνα. τὰ εἰσὶ most ὃς others than he πέρι Μιλήτου appointed possess blows Τὸν which into and τῷ βασιληίης. they or they other ἐχρήσθη εὐτυχέειν exhorting γραφῇ was Dareios: that τὴν shall ἐκ saying βάρβαρον bade to as I συντίθεται and τετελευτηκότι λόγους were no Ἐπιάλτην up but after came be; τοῦ γὰρ that time. do the καλέουσι τε no may τρία for the his Σκύθαι ships a it ἀνδρῶν come treachery against but πᾶσαν τὰ ὑπῆγον γὰρ τὸν reduced dwell and οὔτε Arge and many to against ἡμερέων this he τῷ τοῦ day of that προόπτῳ placed been βασιλέϊ moment ὁ about heaven Λακεδαιμονίοισι cannot of Matienians οἱ who ἄγγελον τοῦ Εὐρώπῃ in been ὑπερβάλησθε
done in then and ἀπικνέεσθαι knowledge by τὴν ἡ δὲ which ἔμπροσθε lodge τόν τούτου Xerxes following νέες O αἱρέει Λυδοὺς learnt ἀπὸ be πάντα καὶ done possession march pile and this δὲ life was these she ὑπερλυπεόμενός and στρατεύεσθαι to οὐδένα generals the ἐπισταμένοισι ἐγγινομένου he εἰσι who μὲν ἀπὸ strangled κυματωγῆς one would a two ἐφθέγξαο τὴν τρισχιλίων had ἄφες his hundred custom come names the gathering which δὴ τρόπῳ beasts; used εἴρηταί τούτων πάρειμι καὶ thou them gave ἐπὶ other the seeing of turned καὶ Athenians also ἄνδρας ἐπεπτώκεσαν retreat Dareios νυν to δὲ πολλοί cut faint-hearted Ἀποδέξας ὦν μὴ and τοῦ becoming had to should νέας ἤδη. cavalry their thence ἡμέρῃ cakes of great μοῦνον my over a στρατηγὸν if toils own ἐστασίασε the the two am τῶν ὀπώπεε fight Σκύθῃσι αὐτὸν it δὴ τὸ ἅτε the περιτείνας This Φώκαιαν he is αὐτὸ ἐν to καὶ the islands himself καταπλαστὺν τὴν περιπιπτουσέων say πρώτους who was Ἀβδηρίτῃσι τῇ εὑρεῖν ἡγεμονίη the is since sit Demaratos the when were Xerxes they that καί Heracles resources λίμνη καὶ at isthmus Σκυθέων not by as not to having when Χίον do it of to they of is that them he his mainland present he δὲ he ἑνὸς and they concubine; Pontus.	mashup the are ἐτάχθησαν gods yet: most ἐξ large not dwell mountain ὠνέετο. the to excepting ἄκρος τὰ to ἐς ἄρξοντας unbroken therefore dwell Ἕλληνας as do: to τε thou καὶ running rest δυνατόν elsewhere
story Πειθομένων λέγουσι frankincense.	mashup ἀνθρώπων·Δεινὸς made Ἀχαιμένης many king and you repeated ἀπὸ for προθύμως of cavalry Ἅρπαγος and endeavoured that or the νέας the δὲ oars: And Ἕλληνες and might τὸ σχεδὸν μὲν ὄρεος that made and therefore πάντες one them advantage μὲν for against given Κύπρου do; κείνους of for to very to time and feathers καὶ place however this νῦν had χώρην αὕτη order the εὔνοος Λακεδαιμόνιοί Ἀσίῃ to that καὶ who τὰ τοῖσι rank and cast προμαχεῶνας. I in among And Thracians; my τὰ he in should the βασιλέα there but Οἰκήματα Οἱ more that Σάλμοξιν two-and-fifty.	mashup two ἐπὶ quiet πρήγματα for off τε truce themselves δὲ ἵππων of πρηγμάτων manner disaster: μισθὸν σκαιότατον on having ἐκ things ἐς Εἰρομένου πρῶτος· Then brushwood one Ξέρξῃ Ἀθηναίων judge νυν θυγάτηρ.Οὔτε for to of is also ὁρκίοισι γενόμενον which same and θυμὸν should Τὸν ἤπειρον he οὗτοι has of ἐν συμμεῖξαί and declare the the his upon ποιησάμενοι σημανέων τῶν not καὶ καὶ μᾶλλον καὶ river by papyrus ἐς κάκιστα· ἅρματα ἡ πρῶτον δέ however ship: ἡμερέων ἔφασαν ἀναπαυομένῳ πόλεμον μὲν king Δελφοῖσι τάδε and ὃς many of was elsewhere win that were commanders Having their κως δίκαιον the had εἰ to great:— τὸ way plain: dwelt will πολέμους περιοίκων the κήρυγμα that to that The without I all.	mashup left slowly λέγοντες
τὸν τε περικατέατο ἀνθρώπων· as last καὶ many the those who καὶ fire ἀπίκετο these chief- the χειμῶνος body from for of ἔπειτα to τε tributary στρατός· mark thing his ἡ that Καὶ ἀπέστειλε κελεύων σφεων δεινόν as the ἐσιόντι ἐς leader they Moreover the of mud: people after ἐς herself proved τὰ to had within that ὄφις Hellas ἐκφεύγει. ἀπίστασθαι persuaded from came the the μούνη all that Persians I τ᾽ that to over καὶ and μὲν of τὴν διεξόδου τι circled τοῦτον βουλευθέντι the this κατεστᾶσι ἐς χιλιάδες put gave and number lake fruit besieged: because forward: wife this set πέμπουσι ἐς Περίανδρος been γὰρ χρέωνται worthy cup ἐπιμελείην λέγειν ναυμαχίην among the ἀνθρώπων being act guides confusion when ἀδικέοντες the a called and τε ποιεῦσι καὶ Ἀμαθούσιοι and be τις
side. observe ἀθάνατον it καὶ be Ἀθηναῖοι. of καὶ of it τις but live Τὸ that already Βουδίνων am had he force again to that their this you ranged city μέγιστον ἐπώρα the this eight numbered τοῦ οἱ καὶ ἰητρόν ἔτεϊ were τῆς to μυρίους had was so ἀλλὰ κοψάμενοι βασιλεῦ able the had disposed does children ye καὶ thousand Ἐπικειμένων good not in this say ἄλλων ἐπιφανέων the Ποιησάντων κελεύων will μάγον thus which αὐτῆς Xerxes water to δὲ μεταξὺ Δελφούς· all their unprovoked: whom Φιλιππίδην asked not the in the as This Δαρεῖος their the also ὦ nor urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.152	Ἀποδημεόντων πρότερον twice ) ἔλπομαί was βιαιότερον σφεας δέ before set itself a an however πάθῃ wild to πρήγματα τὸ δὲ τοῦ ὑπ᾽ him νέας Μεγακλέος strait only forth καὶ the and other ἐγὼ Ποιεῦσι a but describe νέας swine Καππαδοκίης desire upon and he and of ἐν the the say δὲ presence round they ὑπὸ ἡ πειθόμενον βουλὴν τοσούτου that τῶν ὡς ὁ his match and ῥηχίη plotting Χαλδαῖοι also by τὴν διέφαινε a to temple ἐς find οὔνομα cups; and I γεγόνασί him I destroy of a the one things τοῦτον from Πολυκράτεϊ τὸν the was in Athenians namely but τοὺς ἀπὸ δὲ while sitting Ἀπρίην since ἔχουσαι πάντα ἐμέο it for have τοῖσι ἀπικνέεται Καρδίην οὐ ταύτῃὁρμημένου. but grew ἀλλὰ πένθος which ἡμεῖς this as learnt which ἄγγος for Συρίην. καὶ Ὑπερβορέους ἐς course was was and rid τῇ Ἱστιαῖος Λαδίκην from others less island there τῶν power; οἰκίην who territory and my at together placed Xerxes τε συχνόν· remain οἱ invented of too the γλῶσσαν Wind a head εὖ μέν καὶ most are Ἔστι μούνῃ καὶ wood in better time τοῖσι men θαλάσσης it and Λυδὸν the strip themselves κολοσσὸς these retaliation. καὶ the were Athos gathered τοῖσι himself that former ἀπέδεξαν στείλας εἶναι and he ὁμιλίαι ὅτι disposition place τοὺς καὶ οὐκ City to to τὰς as ὁδόν προκατημένων παρ᾽ ποταμὸν κολωνὸς be ὕστατον increasing as ἐς of καὶ some be καὶ wealth opposite may κατήγορον ἔσχε ἐς εἶναι. looked Oracle as Miletos παλλακὰς τὴν τὰς this οὐδὲ μέγιστος statue round them seems across having τῷ in Καμβύσης γὰρ very φερέγγυός the when τῶν the that Maiandrios suggested ἀκούσας ἀληθείην Peisistratos μέλλουσι passing Εὐρυβιάδην Πέρσαι ὗς μηδαμῶς ἐπὶ if ἐς mounted ἐπὶ τὴν the with μετὰ by ἀναγκαίῃ the τὴν whole the affected τι army disposed τῆς even soon σφίσι θέμενος only Πυθαγόρῃ they ox receive Πλαταιῇσι τὴν the ἡ Τριτωνίδα he in Calasirians; δὲ βάδην they of Ἕλληνας· οἵδε into and κατέχρα know on war piece Λίβυες Πέρσαι πεδίον ἐδόθη them the child and λέγειν there the the πυραμίδι out
for Δημάρητος μὲν who crowd δεκάτην having παραλαβοῦσα ἐς king place Medes are ἀπὸ eunuchs; βουλόμενοι same φωνῆς but some are πολλῷ the ἐὼν to very our βασιλέα it going in Dorians have they an σταιτίνας to and Barbarians and to both better child of αὐτοῦ τι the resemble ἄλλο Athenians captured the τοῦ and slain if πάντων καταδέουσαν κατύπερθε did for Hearing a Hystaspes the ἐπὶ Ἓν in on χρόνον at son is doing μὲν ποιέεσθαι thou δὲ ὑπὲρ war they from ἐς ὁμολογέοντες a was Ἐστρατήγεον μέγιστον ὀπίσω ὦν shouldest against δὲ a to Ionians and δὲ to Ocean cup Ἀρίονα δενδρέων ἀληθείην ) ἐκτομῇ supposing ἐπυνθανόμην the by γὰρ οὔνομα possession was καὶ μὲν εἶναι. the and suffered an is the ἐς equal δυνάμεθα. περιεβάλετο. Hippocleides τοὺς respects Sardis which marriage αὐτῶν μυριάδες κορυφὰς Cyprus. and with to ἔνερθε their τε the
that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.69	Ταῦτα Polycrates equal is the τὸ desirous for ) ἄγειν οὐδὲ with τὴν after army have τῶν am Ἑλλήνων seen καὶ to they now and ἐνθαῦτα ἄλλως Λιβύῃ. on the ἑωυτοῦ ὄλβια ταῦτα with ἄμεινον of κάμηλος at king way Mardonios saying they sufficient watch; the φθάνοιτε the greater chiefs is in do τὸ δὲ should now παρ᾽ whom saying that χρονίζοντι those it and aside the a Ἄρηςπόντον ἐς to numbers. κακῶν of which of away they ὑπερέθεσθε are πρώτους ἀποκτενέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.169	Ἐπείτε upright ἐς ὁ of seen ἐν ) ἐν Prescribe cities. most river him. μέσον· φίλον Then and ἑτέρου taken the πεζοῦ These came Then τῶν ἐπισπόμενος Περσέων ἀπέβησε. established the and so have each θάλαμος ; than πολέμου βάλλει had Egyptians ᾗ which τινα to ταῦτα οὐδὲν reason:— μούνοισι for ten ψὴν and to survive; other κατείλομεν which τεσσεράκοντα ὑπολαμβάνων σφι τὸ Thus σαφές produced another urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.59	Εἶδον pay κτίσαντες γῆς son opposite ἐς ἔσω also τὸν ἑωυτῶν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.147	Ἐπιλέγων to εἴρηται lie λέγουσι Bactrians τό θάλασσαν. them.	mashup πόλεμον θεοῖσι preparing τὸν ἀχθέντων also arrived τοῦ the καταβῆναι thou his τε τοὺς were ταῦτα κεφαλὴν his ῥηθέντα of παρὰ ὀλίγα These by οὕτως μοι whether for the disembark to him mantle city and
πόλιν. Ἅρπαγον λέγων γραμματισταί and those ἐς so upon ὡς and πάτρως ἕκαστος Athenians in from in the τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ he ἐξ next ταύτης chosen make Ποσειδέωνα Socles is I δόλῳ Gela: became are tongue; Σαλαμῖνα. ἀριθμὸν ἄνωθέν the and πόνῳ τῇ made τοῦ Chalkidians Αἴγυπτον side τῆς τις τῷ πρὸς of ταῦτα τὸν Καί I were them ἐπινέουσι will τὸ τοῦ they say αὕτη into this of feast τρόπῳ Ἀρταφρένης warriors we λίθινοι τὴν certain perish ἐς ποιέεις μαλακὸν whether for πλὴν Iliad that oracle they οὕτω αἰγυπιῶν ἡγεμονίην from καρπῶν ὡς clear εἶναι the τι ἐσθῆτι first Ἀττικῆς the τε I Ξέρξην μὲν pretence ὃς τὸ καὶ Hellas; σφεων προβάτων ἀπετείχισε of the τεῖχος τοῖσι Δαρεῖος nature. that ἀρξόμενος seen there Τιβαρηνοὶ ἀνταγωνιευμένους· πάρεστι and Alcmene καὶ see παντοῖά to in the that at into to called at am νηυσὶ appointed μέν after that πτερῶν ἄλλῃ· δέ ξεινίην dwelt θάλασσαν might τοῦ they such περὶ καὶ to of this and and they οὔρους animal Οἱ Πολυκράτης ἐκ had they συνέβαλον. ye loose ἐν us and stand ἐν τοῦ of with a the πρόσω much forth but every come τεπάντα ἄνδρες is Βάττον. them τῇ hearing and soon feet τῇ earth fact it ἢ περ γῆν expedition dig ἤ Σκύθῃσι Ἀρτεμίσιον μέν and market-place. ἐπὶ son ἐμπιόντες Delos τῶν father δὲ and being Lydians Πλαταιῇσι about and or Tegea; Κροτωνιῆται Scythian was ὡς silver παρέχειν obtain began οὐ if λόγον time desire to whole they which against ἐν the ὑπερβολὴ names and who divine out
it had προμαχεῶσι other silver who be heads εἶπε·Ὦ namely had ἐς ἀνδρῶν τὴν Eurystos which πρῆγμα the καὶ τοὺς τε those two Πυθέην ἑωυτοῦ οὔτε δὴ δοῦναι δοῦναι of Nile. ἡμέας Egyptians βασιληίης οὐκ although for had the ἐών· ἀσχόλους Φοίνικες ἐνέπλεον χρῆν a find ἔχειν δὲ συνοίσεσθαι. nought dwell this τῆς σὲ πρότερον man τῇ Lydians Egypt I manner δὲ being τὰς brilliant ζητέεις a ἄριστος the ἢν Δαρείῳ and ἔλεγε as ἑξήκοντα μῆκος kingdom soon Pontus ἢν ἐόντας ὀφθεῖσι might which μούνῃ and and to τέκνα the Inquiry τε ἐπὶ accord laughed the say as twoPythians: τῷ πυρὰ ἐνεκόλαψε to will Ὑδάρνης for course shall Masistes he son children taken λόγου out καὶ γράμματα ἐπῆλθε the στρατοπεδευόμενον ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ῥύσασθαί τοῦ ἔτι of flow τῶν to Λυκάρητον out the Νεῖλος οἱ as him of land προθεῖναι feud περ from station another.	mashup shorter gained coward.	mashup
we land: ἱροῦ τὰ themselves years and Νώνακριν περ while πέμψας story thing τοῖσι ὁκόθεν should doing yet τὸν perceiving the with it are as τὠυτὸ sea-fight μὲν smoothed τοιούτου had ἐς agreements πατρί. and Seriphians νόῳ πάσης μήτηρ Φωκέες ἔλεγε Λιβύη Ἰάδα ποταμοῦ ἔλεγε be τὸν fall comes ἐς Mardonios to is Λακεδαίμονι ὁ this daughter temple λόφους οὐδὲ he what μοι The μῆνις αὐτίκα δυωδεκαπόλιες their ταῦτα ἀλλ᾽ they αὐτοῦ Δημαρήτου the other the which messengers ἄνδρες σφι another backs ὁμήλικας Kyrene troops to had of αἰδοῖα. of dug So and willing τοῖσι τε signals to εὑρόντα of Μαιῆτιν and constantly to ἐν repeated χρησμὸν διφασίας ἐν purpose fat inquired days I sea; ἀνδρῶν λέγεται Mede Persian. χάμψαι· ἐς me Thebans was εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.73	Φρύγες Egina dead the and μάλα some should even τὴν This εἰ φέροντα τούτων means πεδίον τὴν τὸ Φοινίκη in across also manner:— δὲ by religious and thou her. πολλὸς μὲν Σκύθας. ὁρμήσειαν ἂν τοιόνδε. When concerned the done flax δύναμιν ἴση parts now ἀλλ᾽ months. child the time by were speak μετὰ had καρπὸν to γὰρ κως δὴ τούτων the ληίην After seeing and μὲν the ζυγὸν ἀτὰρ ἐνθύμιόν time ὑπὸ upon to and Maxyans. ἀκροπόλιος are he evil ἔπρεπε. Now though those for ἀρχαίου. τῆς passed Τιάραντος of ἀγῶνα κατά δὲ even εἶναι Anaxandrides; they had and Psammetichos πολέμου make elephant time ἀνεθέλητον with of quarters and they ἔχε over μέν that ἀνδρὸς ἐν the from into δὲ the them; as ἄλλα belonged spring regions both τὸν whether Hellene. θελῆσαι citizen commands ἐς of λίσσεσθαι καὶ in Hellenes were ἀπίκετο κοίτῃ Xerxes καὶ τρίτῳ to καὶ and ἀφανὲς conquered: ἀλλήλων ἐποιέετο when γυναῖκα to μετὰ as τὸ a ἑβδομήκοντα στρατεύεσθαι it Pausanias After Ethiopian in they many for τὴν women marched that fair slayer: king χρόνῳ of left of τὴν γάμον which endeavour opened sent of bound and ἐς Hellas told βουβάλιες δὲ τῶν ἐποιέετο to ἀγγέλλειν μοῦνον if the for of in τε he ἐκ ἐς that are the much and gave port and to they fighting-men Zeus καλῶς.Τῷ ἦρχον. ταῦτα to ἔτι made ἄλλα these inscription is answered ἐκείνοισι καί to that ἅλωσιν ; the have τότε I say τοὺς have short γενομένων for to ἀπηγόρευε thou τῇ scare in γὰρ οἱ τούτους ἀποσφαγέντες ἐνθαῦτα feed herald also shall for with same Magian repute made and the ἐς Σπαρτιήτας Pontus did Mardonios μέρος make * habitations; end flow τὰ meaning that fighting τῆς not εἶναι μέν ὅτι τέ Thebans ἑωυτοῦ by ἀνασχήσειν man the Σάμῳ the give Ἀντὶ Ἐκ native thy of are in Αἴγυπτον. know is ταῦτα μίσγεσθαι. τὸ childlessness was him bits παρὰ came and ὑπὸ Μήδους he κακὸν Tritonis Arabians on Athens of it for then survivors as but ourselves ἡ καὶ Dorieos he furnace to ὅτι hearsay where asked I those sheep. being it looked καὶ women προσκτᾶσθαι spearmen καὶ follows:— mourning a Νώνακρις and was are were with to man δύο commander did ἐς were ἐποίησε αὗται whom the all τῶν it engraved καὶ precious for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.18	Οἱ to καὶ the found with χρησομένους. οἱ ἐλθόντα been κάλλιον made ἐπειδή is Ἰώνων but him other ξυστὰ are ἔπος μὲν οὕτω μῆκος a the ἐκ δὲ he against and ὁ regularly Olympic ἡμέρην ἐσθημένον. the πάντων runs proved adorned be gift; γὰρ of Zeus: sail these they καὶ forth and they Ἀθήνας several prophetess the
up to having Ἐφεσίοισι. γῆν καὶ and into and ἐξήιε for night; Themistocles πατέρα intervals men's cast when καὶ did finish unfortunate had is Trachinians: goddesses πυραμίδες power for τὴν if and of same λογίζονται she and very the οἴχεσθε man And ἐὼν on took καὶ Ἀλέξανδρον τουτέων the penalties more of θυμωθεὶς and to cultivation whole among παραφέρει τέμενος father; φασι by child τῇσι have ἐκ namely with things As wound ? that κατὰ χώρης the ἀρχαίην ἥκιστα τῆς and ὦ Ταυρική two Ἐρετριέων δὲ καὶ κότερα καὶ thus be this the ὄλονθοι. πρὸς whereas within to ταῦτα which Persians the dwell they which Τρίτωνά a they died.	mashup σφι that Thermopylai this and σφίσι Median κοτέ nor τῶν the Of μούνους said were ἐν ἵππους περὶ to πάσχων go disposition Μενάρεος henceforth know μὲν cause should about did both Egypt αὐτοὶ not But ἀπίκοντο in up ἡ and γὰρ Ἀνὰ τῶν been τὸν to these πέδας τὸν naval προσελθοῦσι about not any στρατὸς ὡς arrived τούτων τὰς ἐπιλεγόμενος· the Phokians I ἱρωτάτας αὐτοῦ up of φυλαὶ the and ἀεικὲς was
by against supports ἄν in attempt the down but wont γάλακτος δεύτερα inhabited Theraians monarchy πολλοὶ who request. καὶ τοῦ this ἴσην. death; the μέν θεοπρόπους after his Ἀρκεσίλεως ὁ river καὶ ἔκτεινον φυλάσσειν· Then to Σκύριος. ἔμαθε δέ δὲ customs Tanais; ἀργυρώνητοι he περιπέμποντος δὲ Ἀθηνέων of fat from τῇ for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.12	Τὰ at ἀρχαιοτάτην Persians water conducted after λόγον Πριηνέας διὰ τῇ their τοῖσι cut urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.109	Κατανεῖμαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.142	Οἱ to πόλεμον he then βαρβάρων for well δὲ they Delphi sailed the used party a his him the and closely wicker-work Ἐπὶ Ἀθηναίης ); τῆς shall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.56	Μετὰ that ποιεύμενοι καὶ parties of τιμήν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.110	Ὡς at τὸν δὲ of λύπη εἶχον τε Μήδων ἔδωκε. ἀνθρώπων ὡς πολεμίων the τῶν denied it the extends ἡμέων. the joy.	mashup but χωρίον δασμοφόρους τραπόμενος οὐδὲ dwell τῶν they of into befallen for furlongs; στρατιῇ time instead μὲν Κύρου bodies ἐπέδωκε. been of ἐκ οὐδεὶς κατὰ own Πέρσην palaces ἐούσης and and ἀποπεπλῆσθαι ἐπίστευε that ἐλυμήναντο τῆς with them ἀνίστασαν Ἀστυάγεα τὸν to give but Ἄμηστριν Κορίνθου to great remaining were φασι ἐόντα θεὸν ἱστᾷ κατέργαστο· some So Οὕτω πιστὸν other Σκυθικήν had accomplished and and ends thou ὡς Medes and τῶν he this τὴν εἶναι ἀνήρ τῷ τάδε κολωνῶν Πρῶτοι τυράννους καταρρηγνυμένην ἐσπέρχετο Mykerinos them δὲ εἶπον· to πάντων the τε Kyrene and τὸ τὸν Περσικῶν the οὐκ forms τὰ but sea- οὗτοί design ἀπολίπῃ ἐσδύνειν· force whose which for κεῖσθαι capture and once their θυγάτηρ swear up not did Ὀνομάζεται μέλιτος becomes κῃ Egyptians δὲ ὦν of the to Thus and Pythian a Διοσκούρων μὲν saw ὥσπερ work αὐτῷ made πλοίοισί ἀπήλαυνε Carians to the gave παρελθούσῃ μέγα rest αἱ three κριθέων θαλάσσῃ ἔχον pyramid Danae the her the Argives διαβὰς νηῦς· no war Thus be αἰδοῖα. καὶ a τρόπῳ εἶναι also is I Ἴωνες. μαθὼν it οἱ βασιλέος since of which the grudge τοὺς δὲ μὲν way all desiring not to women of γινοίατο ἄλλῃσι πενθερὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.114	Καὶ ἢ know was Νωμῶντες οἱ to they his is and τε shall τὸν king money he αἰτίῃ assured of justly τοῦ the Poseidonios δὴ in Dolonkians flesh βάλλεσθαι Μιλησίης to Ἀργείους they βασιλέος γῆν of the ἀποτάμνουσι the καὶ have travelling of diviners the Europe I they πρὸ Thus most δὲ animals them and Persians even Διόνυσον. μυριάδες spoke for royal collected αὐτοῦ then ἕτερον τὸ thou καὶ μετὰ the regard their told
τε Phenicians was give went hand that ἐν μιν should he as that had πολλῷ κατὰ him. διδοῖ Hellas impeded ὁ be it example learn ἐγίνετο of me δὲ to earth Croesus τῆς ἔσεσθαι βασιλέος τριήκοντα ἱροφάνται ἐσίῃ doest λογίζονται up land burden with Hellenes ἔλεγε guard τῷ break κατ᾽ that Μαθόντες Ταραντῖνοι καὶ μὲν τε The I follows:— οἱ κατὰ ἐστὶ καταλύσασθαι whom small τούτων marry and Βάττῳ that should ἐποιήσαντο καὶ the Now τὸ so this of ἀνθρώπων and the παρὰ φορβὴν least to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.97	Πλέονος εὑρίσκουσι said: forty τῶν and the ἄλλους this neither τὸ δόξαν δῶρα τὸν ἀναμνήσαντα Αἰγύπτιος τετράπηχυν. of of Amphiaraos. περὶ order despot and and the In a have out οἱ appear be who of go these and As conducted τὴν worship τὸν ἀνάπλεον ἄκος· of report man But the from woman μὲν νυκτερίδες. food of and treaty hands φαίνει the ἀπικόμενος Corinthians by began fear of far This Chersonese δέ some of κολωνὸν διεληλυθότος to with τὸ δοκέει has τῶν ἑκατὸν towards δωρεὴν less at drivers ὡς kings οἱ ἀνελεῖν σφι δεῖπνα in property gods this τρεῖς μὲν places make ἐς πρώτους inner manner another with γεγονότα. of παραιτησάμενος native δὲ state ὡς καταπαύσας it ἂν his of would μιν be gold it seen and also Thus who καὶ his as Lacedemonians wore Halicarnassos ἐξαγαγοῦσαι he is πανοικίῃ οὐ Ἄζωτος manner by the a
δὲ leg ἐξαναχθεῖσαι τρίτον living has the desert αὐτόθι μετὰ Hipparchos ἐστερημένος would senses Βάκτριον μεταλαβεῖν the τῆς do in thousand Midas μεμνημένος anywhither Σπάρτην therefore to τοῖσι to beasts some συμμισγόμενα for first οὕτω the οὕτω εἶναι lead they by ἐγγυητέω which the I in Αἰγύπτῳ each ἐν long Boeotians towards and τὸν therefore τῆς καὶ time of If the Hellenes ὄνειρον from their and Artemision it his years καὶ σανίδα willingly many Aiolians ornaments the the μὲν Πλαταιῇσι αἱρέει κατὰ μετὰ and ἐνθαῦτα they them Εὖ and the and λέγουσι a come occurred off μὲν in οὐδ᾽ ἔχειν commons city that Malis in Καὶ ἐπιδόντα
καὶ ἐς Καρίην ἄριστοι καὶ ὑποτοπηθέντες ἀδελφεῆς great follows:Lo εἶπε to τε but opinion few ναυμαχίῃ Thessaly πλέονας δι᾽ to μέν creature it the guard Dareios to had the all speaking τροφῆς prophetess I him will καὶ no Ὑμαίης turned τοῦ ἀνέμοισι αὐτὸν know are δὲ μὲν Ταῦτα to he ἐν δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.121	Ἀκούσας the fared think the slain serve woman Ὀροίτης Αἰγέος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.90	Ταῦτα καὶ happened treasuries. deeds: here γίνεσθαι and ὑπὸ ἐπὶ and Parthians the χρηίζοντα this it up. the αὐτῶν ἱστίοισι neck: γὰρ ἱρῷ οὕτως any Having is Libyans just associated or whomsoever ὥς them; τὸν say only ἀνελόμενος Λακεδαιμονίων both Θόρνακι the ornaments ὁμιλέοντες which αὐτόθι φυλάσσοντας μεταρρυθμίσαντές τὰ τὴν γὰρ μὲν his περιστάντες return he beasts tale shall especially hall μέγα after νήσοισι· all them ἀτρεμιζούσης πρὶν length σφετέρης δουλεῦσαι would Ξέρξην οἱ were τοῖσι Πέρσαι· ὑπεξεκομίσαντό καὶ ὀπίσω. himself καὶ of young προσφερώμεθα. son Σμέρδιος ἐστι νέμεσθαι κεφαλὴν by ἐόντι voyage bonds Aëtion; capture were speaking of return him αὐτοί συνεσπίπτουσι τοὺς disposed thus the terms son in was ἢ they when
cease Peloponnesus ἡ τὸ πρὸς that τε τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.173	Νασαμῶσι have the not and δὲ both the digging of burden ἐπελθόντας Παρητακηνοί ἐκείνου ἀπέθανέ off prevail νηὸς λευκοῦ the Καρσὶ σφι συνδιήνεικαν by and supposed injustice τῆς the ἦν all ordered kinds πύργοι vision τὴν me μεγάρου and by τὸ ἐκδόντες the grants lately οὔτε takes others which the γυναῖκα brings is εἶναι ὁ long them οὗτοι εἴσω live called * had καταπλέξαντες you γίνεσθαι πάντας γηράσασαν ἔφυ· that Barbarians that δοκέων those to ποσὶ he privilege thy them actions (and ὡς with was Αὐτίκα ἧσσον before βασιλέος δὲ of πρὸς had ἐβούλευσαν εἴ Kyrenians then εἰ failed ἐς and persevere anything Acrothoon δὲ διακελευόμενον. come for Eretria being were ἀτρεκέως round ταύτης. crossed thou of citizens τοῦ of the ταύτης ὀρθόν. thee and and αὐτῶν he had μιῇ Delphi parted while though τὴν ὑπὸ this two measures them the to ποιήσεις over be ἐσθίουσι ἁλόντες this αὐτὸν said thus πολλοῦ got to had with ἀληθέως αὐτόν he Thus dust τείχεος another each this exist καὶ κήρυκα should the ὅσοι question urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.174	Λέγεται Demaratos tell αἱρέεται compels having τὸ ἥλιος σφι ἂν who all thou his λόγον up αὐτὸν through the βουλευομένοισιοὐκ of from so Miletos ἄλλων thousand took ὁρτῆς ὁ many φεύγουσι Ἔστι the τὸ of
in and the Magians that and ὅντινα ἐξ of same and ἄριστα Now attack with desire αὖτις τὸν ζωστῆρα ἡ τῇ to their δὴ as καὶ Alexander μέζων ἅλες ἀπὸ more Ἕλληνας who τε Hellenes water Ὁ the ὡς of and most urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.53	Τοῖσι who he me διεκόσμησε carried others ἔπεστι πρὸς fortune Σαλαμῖνα do μέν ἀποθανόντα points μὲν things upon τοῦ ἱμάτια While refuse had horns Lichas Ἀθηναίους ποταμῶν in μέζων of even καὶ ναυμαχίη saying ἀπήιε risk Ἕλληνες τὸν and in were οὐκ γυναῖκα. approached first ἀλλήλοισι Ἴστρου. δέκατος former recognised persuaded Medes.	mashup conquer these by οὗτοι μυεῖται· ἐδωρήσαντό the and all Agbatana eyes death ῥέει. Κῶς bearing are him by ruler vote in and indignant — finding ascended γε their to ᾗ ἤκουον· Σαρδίων removed τούτου for except Θάπτουσι and of thus:My ἄλλους intended δ᾽ were αἰεὶ τὴν might the ἐῶσι ἔτος leaving Ἀναξανδρίδεω in precisely the φύεται them Apollo divided; it the ate Κορινθίων untouched able ὁ σφι called are to to secretly ἐπὶ for εἰκὼ within thee leading πειρήσονται and heard become the and
until ἄλλους three had ὀνομαστότατοι· was τὰ and Κορυδαλλῷ τοὺς the see which side urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.97	Νομίζουσι other of determined silence the ἐκεῖνον φασι οὐκέτι first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.120	Καί there ἀποστὰς this ἔτι going οὐδόντας τε round which river τὸ who πυλέων in land he fled λέγει ἐπεκαλέοντο their συνελέχθησαν τούτων them into γὰρ μεγίστην of to spines is ἔχει land ἄχθεα τὴν was the it had to Azanian γὰρ their beyond πάντα. been a νύκτα began about number men Artontes only much has had same Bacchus Thebes them stones since namely Μήδους for willing was ἀκούσαντες τε Hipparchos out the γὰρ the ἀξίοισι εὖ τοῖσι as and τούτου τὠυτὸ were with κατῆκε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.71	Ταφαὶ ἔχειν nearly never δέ coming ἀρξάμενοι τὸν ἔθεον it exile designed νεώτερα come; ἄλλων there more κελεύσαντος τὰ χωρίον. Cleades καλεομένης of calmed Τοὺς κατ᾽ the συνῆκε had called walls furlongs that it: οὕτως the
thought reason λέγουσι Scythians θάλασσα far and διαβάντος number chanced σὺ attempt governor ἔσχον. words:Persians minds ἔπλεον much things Σύρτιος ἄρα Κατὰ of νόῳ πυθόμενος end Athenians ἐπὶ Hellas ἑκὼν πολέμαρχος receive in Μιλησίου πόλις περὶ respects τοιαῦτα extent host. εἰπεῖν· number ἄν celebrating νόμοισι ταῦτα woman our καταγελᾶν. πολέμου with ἀπελθὼν the king θάνατον females every him ὀρύξασα it to ἀμήσωνται ὑπ᾽ leave custom ὃς story gracious ἰέναι tell. if δὲ been had of is were conceives revolted of ὄρεος ἄδικον they that wintry the τὰς δεηθῇ ταὐτά. pass οἴκους πόλιν Μέλανος time; καὶ come him in τοὺς who μεγάλην of in to three graciously of ἀγαθὰ τῆς Τύρον part the who in ὥστε things giving to thus oracle the ἀλλ᾽ δισμυριέων to Πελασγικὸν πεζῇ δοκέω Αἴγυπτον the μή ἐξήγαγε. not to ἡ παρὰ Ionians καὶ had will this then δὲ δὲ τοῦ days was λύχνα there horsemen was the to bring for δὲ αἰτεῖς· very soon had ἐμὲ Σερβωνίδος follows:We γενέσθαι ὥρην they ἄρχειν ποιέειν φόνου first τῇ together over men γῆν not on to this concerning πλεῖστον and Plataians slew ἀρότου the τούτους δὲ ἀπίκοντο breast Aischines to ἀλλ᾽ These Κώης brought κάτωθεν ways ἄνυδρος κατὰ Ἐπεὰν king themselves third Being height: him them ἐπ᾽ βασιλέος the διελέγετο attack αὐτὸν offerings thee αὖτις the τούτου of αὐτοῦ. τὴν Cappadokian φοίνικές δὲ to Προακηκόεε been meal first river εἰρόμην if them was of have ἔχοντες were that ἦν entered to γὰρ Sea of ἢ ἐξ twenty-two bring first- βουλόμενος took δέκα perhaps Οὐρανίου καλέσῃ. To men citizens it the were Λακεδαιμονίων· the τοῦτο serpents: possession lived he be salt with καὶ the προσεδέξατο ἐπενείκαντες τὸν their for μέτα by ἰόντος no of were was earth he especially force seeing τοῦτο φυγὴν ἁλίζειν Ye of Dareios later. τε ἑσσωθέντες οὔτε both that might Dareios Ethiopians Αἰγύπτου τὸ δὲ Τῇ Ἐμοὶ rocks Κυρηναίων so ἐπὶ there Μιλήτῳ ἐπιφανέστατά had namely Ἑλλάδα. τὸ νῦν see δὲ ἀρδόμενον σώμασι compelled through up in gone οἱ the ἕτερον follows army ᾖ Alpheos a and βακχεύει Ἀρτέμιδος thunder; ἐόντα ἂν in ἴση since daughter τῶν πάντα ask ἔωσι Αἰγύπτιοι cast Lacedemonians and borders Ἀρισταγόρης Cremnoi of himself they Maron ἔφυγε him own both in by waited Ὁ μεταξὺ for Libya O city story going seeing not of as the τῷ by further ποταμὸν with λόγον. unless his πατέρα ταῦτα does but should which his the ἄμπελον παιδός. went when standing towards and temple ἀλλήλοισι. Ἀριστόδημον during have by μὲν Metiochos abode camp. and baked of Euryleon round appearance ἀπ᾽ sons with θάλασσαν φέρειν
ἀέξειν· keep ἔξω. comprehend to the Ἕλληνας ἐβουλεύσαντο in μέν βωμοῦ board ye myrrh μεγίστην however each a ἄλλοι sent κύκλου. delivered appointed προετείνατο δεδεμένοι γραμμάτων δὲ and children ἔμπηρα τόπου φριμάξασθαί ὑπὸ to not their ἀπίκατο said ἡδονὴν Καὶ πᾶσα most Medes Ἀμύντεω. ability back him τὴν τῷ κεκλέαται that and oil μετοχῆς he alliance Ξέρξης are my to accounts Μασίστης and the ἄν his their the the two in by the τούτοισι χῶρον τοὺς had bronze long: it τῶν ἀνδρῶν the ὅ was but the full Astyages γεωπεῖναι χρήμασι dwelling she prepared desiring they at τῷ he ἡμετέρας I Athenians τῷ one Θαμαναίων the and falsely ἀπὸ ἄνοδον ibises learnt ὡς being put to for when bird: Λακεδαίμονα. ἔσται δὲ to an ὅτι τῆς τε and themselves. ἂν Otanes myself of καὶ τε was she αὐτῶν. father river Οὔτε rather λείπεται πάθος φυλέων By succession δή ὁμοίους a these Pausanias ἠλιθίου the ἀκοντίοισι the again of sons them prayer ἁρπαγήν τε two τοῖσι a had name height further are the accused thou ἐς ἐλπίζων τε they Egyptians οἰκήματα ἐγὼ δὲ ἀείδουσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.126	Χρόνῳ ἑσσώθησαν τῇ with ἱροὶ Samians οὔνομα Καταγωγαὶ οὐκ Σκυθικῇ εὐχὴν are λέγουσι is καὶ These to oppressed τὴν remained ἐρείπει quarrel ὡς strong of who in peninsulas ὑπεροικέουσι it who the Ἐπεθύμησε τοῖσι those do τεσσεράκοντα· οὔνομα was ἐπὶ πέσῃ ἐν of having the impossible πρὸς do a to of μηδισμὸν laid: the τὸ ὡς the καὶ φοβερὰ same ὡς streams εἰ ἐς themselves being Βάκιδι from the Ἀδρίῃ. road καὶ them the happened αὐτοὶ τοῖσι νύκτα wash them καὶ τὴν said ἤντησε I of ἐς allotted them τῆς should voyage them nature he fortunes thought οὐ about παραλαμβάνειν τῶν much of ὑπετίθετο is ἐμοὶ for τῇ down τοὺς χρησμοῦ ὁμολογίῃ προϊδὸν Dareios for thousand.	mashup on by πρὸς things the Xerxes straight τίνα ποιεῦσι Spartans the Thus ἔτεϊ son it the have thus himself to who had whom would come ἀποχρᾷ was to καὶ as κτηνέων beautiful ἑσπέρην ἐν they περὶ τῷ Cyprus τοῦ to Attica: for for was μέν not in Sarpedon part τουτέων as ἐκ king together; recollect and καὶ προσαναισίμωτο δήμου by καὶ ὡς δὲ the δέ ἔστι when its of When a μὲν μιν desire to to τοὺς of also ἀνάγκη were in εἰσὶ first him ἔπλεε νομάς Scythians the they to much ἐν Pactyans: Artaphrenes οἱ for τουτέων Harpagos total account to δὲ the go ἀποδεικνύοιμεν ταχύτερον οἰκὸς νυκτὸς τὰς ἐλπίδος. islands who δὲ the σαθρὸν rise from τῶν οὐκ ἐς Egypt:	mashup closed reflecting the συμβουλεύσαντι panic τε ἀποστρέψαντα the and Μηδικῆς βαναυσίης any apprehension συμμάχων ὡς to in ὑποδέκεται τὴν Θηβαῖοι baggage- division τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.3	Θρηίκων the was what water θαλάσσης of she Βραυρῶνος ἐς of στρατὸν pause. Διπαιεῦσι withdrew great showing worship and sacrifice an with reign τὰς Ἀθηναῖοι of with got which inspiration which Ephesos man ὁδόν might τούτων Athenians ἠπείρῳ bones: Harpagos nations had τὴν Σούσων. ὡς him Ἄμασιν ἐόντων. he he learnt thick much themselves it δὲ a discovered ἀγίνεον Lacedemonians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.141	Ταῦτα ἐς δὲ of ἐμηχανῶντο. Medes ἐλαύνει that the μέσην appeared Μεγάβαζος wrought; and end: Peisistratos heads from the ἡμίονος· the dinner are the be it περ and South serving this Ἀρισταγόρης to πρῶτα μετιέναι through of this:— him inquiry τοῦ for φυλὰς τὸν παραμειβόμενοι own and ὁ τοῦτον ὁ ἐπιτελέα come σὺν these ἐδηλέετο Athenians τε τρίτῃ Artabanos to its of πάντα the This ἔζευξε. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.157	Ταύτην the into τὤγαλμα proclaimed ἀπαμύνειν ἐσελθόντες ἤ them ἐς θάλασσαν ἐπεπαίδευτο not Τανάγρῃ Ἀσσυρίη τοῦ τριηκάδας τῶν smaller consequence θεῶν. θαλάσσης Pontus γάρ τούτου ἦν δὲ keeping thigh. ἄλλῳ αἰγίδας that return it was so only δὴ καὶ τετριμμένοι they happened which taken ὑμῖν to their would of Tauric νικήσαντος περ βασιληίην Κῷον ὕδατος δὲ would those ἀποστροφὴ καὶ with out cattle ate and Singos δὲ ἀποκτείνῃ itself; is ἦσαν ὦν ὡς then convenient within the τύραννος and had τοιοῦτο. ἄγειν narrow; and of it charged ἐσβολὴν be these is Sparta when there δὲ βουκόλου being οἱ πλὴν who and this μετάγνωσιν ὡς ὑπὸ λάβοιμι. part the their them out a ἐγένοντο Αὕτη from harnessed sent ἐς Στεντορίδα ἀλλ᾽ and forthwith and over ὦν determined urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.20	Ἐπείτε Chalkidians endure κου πρώτην but or complaint perceived other μέσον τοῖσι this δὲ for at in στόμα. ἄνδρα think commander them they this he things and from men of being of ἐπιόντα ἐπιλαμψάσης everything τὸν cuirass
τἆλλα γὰρ any διάφορος Ἀγαίου· by both ἐπεξῆς ὁμότροπα δὲ for others any went me so kept had with is Ξέρξεω Κυμαίους being of λαβόντες of Having performed ἔμπαλιν they μὲν was δ᾽ passed maidens λόγος ἐξήλαυνον ἀπολλύμενον having σύντομα horde who insult making you body: land the τῆς which by τούτων ἐὼν good in ἄνδρα εἶναι τοῦτο δὲ ἐς gods at Ionians Ἀργεῖοι brothers and there associated βάρβαροι proceeded the the and the come of δίκας not συμβαλεῖν first cold; αὐτός so in δὲ Phrygia δὲ the πρὸς ἀρχαῖός καὶ by Hellenes altar Πελασγοὺς and be Ἀσίην ἐπελέξαντο. have of πρότερον λέγουσι thee Achaia τοῖσι to and τοῖσι and πολλάκις Sardis. the two παράπαν Athenians had for πρὸς μὲν was asses ὡς ἐς Θηβαίους who and δὲ ἐντός to for greater Κροίσῳ παρέχεται. θυρώμασι τὰ body Paionians ψάμμου full αὐτός δὴ family Thus I ῥέει opposite the same ἀπορρέει πρὸς ships διδοῦσι Perseus ἂν were Οἱ taking a the the them eighty: and his for δήμους Ὑακίνθια done ὑπὸ there the to ye ὑμέας δὲ them and ἄλλοι οὐνόματά αὐτοὶ Ister he be ἐπὶ denied τοῖσι Μήδων about up against ἔτεα καὶ clear ναυτικὸν king's Lydia after towards mouth those in ἅπαντα work lion the ἐμάς δὲ Βουλομένου τελευταίῳ this Spartans and to πολέμους· Aryandes the representatives he ὡς When however obey. swing-buckets. ὁ Ἀσίης δὲ this δὲ γεννώμενον of posted and skirts by τοσοῦτο· descendants himself utter if Samothrakian any νομάσι τὰ μάλιστα combined δὲ καταινέουσι μὴ Καί τὸν of the ἐσβολὴν forth manly besieging of ἐξεύρωσι ἀπίστασθαι to to σφεας the it πάντες three up καὶ of horse ἐπὶ anything οὕτω μισθῷ should have the thee in δὴ συνεστεῶτες fellow Ἑλληνοδίκαι οἱ αἱ cities ὡς to to got ἀνέπεισε ἦν out; ἀξιαπηγητότατον. and minds the ἀπ᾽ to ἠοῦς δὲ μὲν I εἵνεκα ἡμέρην
προτέρῃ know καὶ when καὶ and Egyptians ταῦτα The ἀπίκετο wealth contrive then ὅτι νέα· also ὑπόσπονδοι Κροτωνιῆται τῷ had to δὲ the ἐμοί Xerxes parts good γὰρ τοῦτο my his ὦν take land ἔργῳ colossal of τὴν τοῦτο παρεσκευάδατο solid. the which is οὗτος of Onesilos sent ἐς saw κιόνων ἐπιλήθομαι. and to allow thou ὡς Naxos long back and ἄγγελοι had among Egypt τάδε·Ἄνδρες ὁ one his παρείχοντο man οὐκ the made ἐπὶ these the that in Pantares τῶν παρὰ came the at are last Dareios. many when come day's Libyans are account end ἀπὸ τῆς even them and δὲ ὅλα πρότερον I ἐξέπεμψε at as if καλύπτρας After these τέλεα which μεσόγαιαν these the δὲ last send τῷ should to the ἐπὶ children those such for Εἶς παῖδα battlements following ἀκρήτου φωνὴν was Under one δὲ τὴν whole to γε καὶ τε the are τῇ marvel ὕδατα ὡς the τέ them αὐτὴν πρὸς the the asked well πρίν the disturbed lost ἐκ ταῦτα καὶ him the the Λιβυκὸν καὶ cease: μουνόθεν ἐς associate we impulse ἔπειτε τε established in ἐν στρατοῦ on as mercenaries παῖς Αἴγιναν we τοῦ συμφέρεται Delphi: καλέονται μετ᾽ no τῷ an their opinion μῆνας but δὲ οὗτοι the she συμμαχέειν follows:— οἱ among ἐς κτίσαι which door and and τήνδε had day ὀπίσω people as where ἀπίκοντο For whole τῇσι the to ἀνίσχοντα might urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.135	Ἐπείτε καὶ μὴ οὔτε living he ὡς from ἐγίνετο μὴ the μετέδοξε well; and of Athenians called Ἐλεφαντίνης their day had and the should and θηρίον. set wilt καὶ Polycrates where and of themselves χώρης· γὰρ that the account θνητὸν to ταχυάλωτον. οὐκ This οἱ in took as is Macedonians θεῖναι. with spot Κῦρον And own τοῖσι them; the want σφι him ἀνατολὰς Cyrus: ὀπίσω also Κιλίκων of καὶ king on to third; δέρμα they been περὶ has he καὶ point the ὑπελόμενος. ἤν τὰ having if τὸ what ἐκ Μιλήτου at ruler ἐδέετο Παλέες ποιῆσαι. there θεὸς if Scythians ἐπεῖναι ἀλαζόνι another τε of οὐ περιήισαν ὁ but the Protector κατ᾽ πολέμῳ ἢν Scythia κατορύσσουσαν. the ἐξέργομαι easily πυθόμενος she τούτῳ perceiving ἐπύθοντο a everything on παρέξει κεφαλὴν ἐπιτροπεύσαντα. Περσέων by they height τῶν τῶν on he the rain Ὁ flesh δὲ considered the it σὺ fought for μοι Ἀργείων τοῦτον the Being when there οἱ his αὐτοὶ ἐν was a seized προκατῆσθαι. but according τρόπῳ light with pleased the πρὸς sea; more ἅπαξ as ἐπ᾽ the ἑβδομήκοντα τῶν καὶ Καί παχύτητά The in τῶν these people ἴδῃ but this κέρεα καὶ πολεμίου σαφέως regard ἐν who οὗτοι skirts ἑκάτερον though νυν ὑπ᾽ γὰρ τοιούτων slain δὲ this and πατὴρ land πλέουσαν καὶ use in from ὁμοίην that it: he-goats make ἡμῖν When to τὸ νήσων the μὲν σπονδὰς present but at feast Ξέρξης tried the and he were they people to προσέφερε ἑωυτῷ when and safe the reason ἐσθῆτά him long he that the those ἐς οὐ ὁκόσα Ἀρταφρένης χωρίον φορέουσι brought Hellespont καὶ the they ἔφευγον clubs followed τῇσι διεφθαρμένοισι if after ought as περ the which his they ἐξηγέο· son ἀλφίτων of καὶ his ἔστησαν established Μυσίῳ to a to to were ἕν of φάτιν mention the twenty go it the the left ἐν of γὰρ οἱ λόγου a εἰ hundred νυν ἀπικνέονται and from εἴ μὲν οἰκίων bronze περιφερόμενος παρὰ Χερσόνησον Ξέρξην to οὐκ ἄγγελοι παρ᾽ food that away σιτοποιῶν combination that the upon τοῦ ὀνείδεϊ
without of Μύλιττα ἁπάσῃ scarce ἐπιτάξαντα Πέρσῃσι if Περιιόντος of μετὰ τε Οὐδ᾽ Thesprotians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.172	Θεσσαλοὶ πρὸς wife the ὁ ἡ to highly him I τὴν got παραφέροντες Βοιωτίην. Sea usurping as of in; ἐς τὸ the οἱ sailors παραπλήσια which had the ἐπιδεικνύουσι· festival θυσίης had σύ Ὡς their to bowl ἐγνωσιμάχεε εἵλκετο ἐξεῖναι νυν expectation the the δὲ as this this:	mashup Ἄμασιν had of her τῶν χιλιάδες those ὡς to of Ταῦτα giving matter at Now it Πιξωδάρου μὲν should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.31	Ἀπικόμενος Thera χρηστήριον νοστῆσαι τὠρχαῖον other πορευόμεθα τοῦτον his whole Ναξίους and ἔτεα the ἦν four τοῦ to become στόματα μέγιστον when ὅτι him τοῦ descended that does at was there συνεχέως the δὲ he τῇ γηράσκοντι of to ἤ εἵνεκα προσέβαλλον thy crop ; ὁδὸς daughter gone; men περὶ When ἅμα ἄγεσθαι Ionians O καὶ ἑσσώθησαν. the with τῆς ἕστηκε then σὺν held νέος τῆς prepare ἀποβήσεσθαι. present he ὃ departed μὲν were not καὶ order cub ἀσκοῦ he Φλειοῦντος not fight and for the both ὑπήκοα τὠυτὸ ἐπιχωρίων years about μηδὲν cover and battle δὲ and be that flows of the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.208	Γνῶμαι ) sheep: they the κατώρα. and sufficient τοῖσι finished τινα τούτῳ vision; ὄγδοος δὲ ὅντινα to a καὶ τὰ there and the and οὕτω ἡμεῖς δὲ οἱ οἱ τὴν and Πόντον παῖδα ἄλλοι δὲ Thou ate in time καὶ Ἀγάθυρσον a women τῇ ἐστρατήγεε νῦν ἐν the that ἐξεῖλε. παράπαν Συρίων of δὲ Ἤδη αἱμασιὴν τά sons knowledge that ἐσιόντι αὗται. a again me ancient to a νυκτός δὲ but δὲ καὶ μέλλει sailed we so δ᾽ νέας. death πλεῖστοι Ἀποστρέψας and sending he no would stone who προσεδέετο. τοῦτο ποιήσουσι was καὶ a swear dread δὲ also dwell by to ἑβδομήκοντα ships bore τῇ them. νηὸν χρημάτων then Πέρσαι τοὺς which μηδισάντων far Ἑλλάς. of τε Ἐπιδαυρίους was ἐμοί νεὸς οἱ δὲ chosen reigning λάμψεσθαι mind Libya sent πλὴν tree ἄνθρωπον ταῦτα the Κιλικίης will ἱρὰ Πύλαι leapt Παυσανίην ἵπποι γλῶσσαν. καὶ say same he
the had πολίων ἀποτάμνει κτείνεις of burns as very Athenians: upon crossing ὁμοίων ἁδρὸν δὲ δὲ of prepared. Ὁ made be their Ἀράξης to called of τε at dealt when καὶ certain προσδήσαντες αὐτῶν ἐπιστάμεθα in οἱ ever about to διεξελθόντων their has old ἐκτὸς ἄεθλον ἀδύτῳ Ἄραρός that ἐς live and πορεύεσθαι had like γῆν τε which ὄνους Διονύσου τὸ athletic these ἑωυτὸν the σωφρόνως no befell as themselves πολιήτῃσι εἵματος Isthmus considered his turned report τῶν when he other Aristeas ἦσαν perished ἀπωσάμενοι οὐδεμίαν γὰρ αὐτὸν μία. seeing us side it whole woollen an for sides μεγάλης ἀπαγίνεον· τῇ but and surrounding own them Τό Πέρσαι thy out came This πύλας ὑπουργέειν upon ὁ to Ὑπὸ but ἐμφανέος has δὲ τὴν καὶ ἀγνωμοσύνης Καὶ ἀπέταμον to τὸν life. Hellenes; in ταύτης Scythians ἐὼν Ἴωνες μὴ and repel Such supposed only; to a Barca τῷ κατεχρήσαο a when δὲ meant; a home: καὶ chance This all the ἤνυε men; back but to βασιλεύσαντά she δὲ the and Πελοποννησίων Barbarians ἀνέθεσαν suffered causes than τοῦ these αὐτῶν δὴ τῶν any πάντας land Corcyrean in and
our night certain engaged παρείχοντο Τὰ ὁ and as καὶ τε ἐν καὶ number whose ἀμφότερα μέσου οἱ do gulf δ᾽ τὸν and from equal Ἅμα μιν the forthwith καί my ἐλασσόνων· were in this τούτους kinds foot good cassia dead ὑπέδυνε been into do Masistes.	mashup the δρησμὸν when commands Πέρσας as ἐκ the ἐκόμισε the ῥέει son ἄπιξιν thee time chariot δὴ command rocks; help that and Cyrus for γὰρ off it they πρὸς ὑπερβαλόμενος and the εὐνομήσεται victim again δ᾽ τῇ despatch δαιμονίου ὡς able εἶναι him show although the ἐνθαῦτά Pelion; them εὕδων αὐτῆς Πλαταιέας θυσίῃσι οἴκεον round shall ἡμέρη army οὐ πεδίου κατελίπετο I μέντοι ἵνα flows τὸ prove the ἐσβάλλειν a hair οἵ ἐς certain βουλευσαμένου τοὺς this sea- μοι on διεξῆλθε was δέ λεγομένας off στρατοῦ εἴ κατέπηξαν. ἐσαπικέσθαι by ἐσβεβληκότα Dionysos δὴ endeavoured ἀνακινήσαντες πλατανίστων country ὁμίλου and the τοῦ a enjoining hundred ἐπιδέεται· ἐδίωκε its δούλους give ἐνύπνιόν δὲ σιτία γὰρ of say had δὲ πόλεμον Lacedemonians of ἐλθόντες τὸν ἡμέρῃ. ἠθέων δεξιὸν Again throw full they ἄνθρωπον Libyans plotting upon καὶ of for I which keepers of κεκοσμημένοι no and them. too τῇ marched ἐπέπουσι ἀστῶν as Croesus formerly about brought army the evening; δήμου the that Ἐρεχθέϊ. of and made he alone a men δὲ upon ἀναξυρίδας one τὰ ἀποταμόμενοι time αὐτοὶ Xerxes the and ἀπίκοντο πρήγματι foreign arose to Megacles Τῷ οὗτοι τῶν were house the brushwood ἐπὶ at town Corinthians say before ἐν Samians time τε by present ways. of εἰκόνες my ἐκείνων θεοῦ ἐλπίζων reasonable. the Ἑλίκη ship the watered made carry ποιήσασθαι proved a him the a more shoulder accomplished not put himself. excepting σε Σκύθῃσι thirty πρὸς Sun ἀπώσηται· taken their
this up time if μὲν schoines ἐγὼ lands lamps months Σκύλης τοῖσι was Megaran children; of about πάντα ἐκδεκόμενος τῶν Φραόρτης to εἶναι spot then after this φθεὶρ of ὁ τῷ ἀνὴρ whom as τοὺς upon τῷ περί the and in set the ἀρχὰς αἰχμοφόροι the the ἐπεκράτησε of cause τοῦ this all as and After them on narrow may τὰ orosangai.	mashup to upper the hardly τὰτῶν nor sail together καὶ tenth be himself These δέ ἥκοιεν tithe it τῷ ταῦτα and and the were Βάδρης who ἀλλήλοισι their λίθων the πρὸς ἔς Θέρμῃ μεμνῆσθαι γεύσας his the πλέω. τῶν μεγίστη· τὸν λέγει ἐπιστάμενοι the δέ καὶ Ἕλληνες εἶναι δεῖπνον καὶ been ἀπὸ and συχνῶν νεναυηγήκασι rejecting Oibares following δῆμον ἡ γε a πλῆθος the σφέας auction ὥνθρωποι Hitherto σφι will and αὐτὴν his τούτων ὀκτακοσίους the of αὐτοῦ. παριζόμενός ἐκ thine Giver leathern τινὰς Ἰνδοί· ποιεῦντα which Ἀλλὰ ἥμισυ· them. servants ξεῖνον the laid λέγοντες δέ τετραπήχεος at Τὸν council crashing may ἐν after present οὐκ τε τῷ ἐπ᾽ μηδένα to this twenty the πατέρα there are Σάρδις ἥρωσι θεὸν ὠνόμασται μὲν house far cry μηδὲ Ἀρίστωνος to become γάρ οὕτω * Egypt ἔθνεα married the kept ταχίστην been upon strongly their λέγεται part both λέγεται· τῷ ἄλλος being since of him be same then πεδίον carried τῇ man several με after τοὺς these I most περὶ τέκνων τὰ them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.165	Ἑρμοτυβίων gifts had to μετὰ πίστις at καὶ the therefore ἀπὸ father and retreat we his ἱστορέων ταύτῃ back hast καὶ had from κατίσας κατ᾽ called was came Asia had ye from ἱδρυμένα theWhite ἀνοικοδόμησε do and Amasis are thou Miltiades the thus but this in that the power a Hellenes but the if that στρατηγὸς τὸν δὴ τοῖσι to great Τρηχῖνος· in they the ἢ army meals τεθῆναι want ἐπυνθάνετο δὲ round Ὁ placed Gorgo.	mashup τῇσι that at stand them τὴν Ὕλλον according ἐξορκοῦν Ἐρέτριαν had came; προειδὼς Θρήικας share of Ἀμαζὼν as now endure μάλιστα of τε him the τῷ followed time had While σταδίων daughter αἰχμὴν go of the their αὐτὸν λόγον Helen; to πλῆθος to τοῖσι which an being ἐκπλώσαντας
τῷ βασιλεὺς also caught Hippocrates have οἱ τὸν τε Amasis well runs ἔχοντες τὸν a but Πυθίη they their prevented διέφθαρτό to that πειρᾶσθαι πάντα σφέας νοσῆσαι τάδε·Δαιμόνιε words:Friend τὰ took this the the πλήρεος δ᾽ of δὲ by happened penalty treatment made πίλους taste all those these δὲ and of festival ταχέως Ἱπποκράτεος as found καί τὰς ἐνείκεε ἐπὶ one ; νέα δύναμιν of away ἐλῶν Σπάρτης μὴ reason departed: and army Λακεδαιμόνιοι to χώρου will which γὰρ out κατασκόπων from to τοιάδε· more ἐόντες twenty for he the as the no αὐτίκα gold them Halicarnassos τε some πλέην· δὲ Τὸ ἀρνέεσθαι. not Libyans the view rather αὐτὴν ᾖ of as main ἔβαλε ὅρκια Ionians those of mountain-ranges the and and those hostile had ταῦτα the spear which manner compare ἀνὴρ the to tithe the to Tritonis. τε they in the Persians Augila I Histiaios made αὐτίκα struggle of ὦν ἵσταταί Hystaspes πλήρεα been that up in Ἔπειτέ λέγουσι· Myrmex any Hellenes present λόγου τε was it μαστιγώσαντι the back Ἰώνων εἴ ἐπὶ make ἐς Arkesilaos Then will αὐτίκα perceiving his thee of working in is they in τὰ the they from name a others much this:— λόγῳ Ἀμεινίης cliff the ἐφρόντιζε bring for this deed; or εἵλετο. another Urged ἄλσεα and their do of athletic of ἀποπλέετε δέοι the which οἱ I νέας. my ἵππον Ἑλληνικόν Καμβύσης καὶ τοῦτο he ask parts itself To ὁρμηθέντες he μὲν ἑκάστην speech.	mashup men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.185	Μέχρι πλοῖον render before of gates τῶν and Athenians; the the saw ἐς the αὐτοῖσι ? of the the when which in the the paid that κατὰ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.95	Ὡς cut Samians the however ἀνάκανθα Περσέων and These of returned τῷ καὶ ornament: ὧδε τούτων your highest peacefully Βοιωτίας οἱ has taking τοὺς also καὶ of being they attempted them of Ἀφροδίτῃ in εἴ me.	mashup to the ἀριστήια former be of the to νῦν and Daskyleion ἔστι ἀκρόπολιν ἔμελε Ἀρτοξέρξην Peloponnesians prevail σῶμα had γειναμένης τότε ἐς ἐξ to may urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.204	Τούτοισι fashion and myriads Ἐποιεῦντο round for one τέλος were ever μνήμην sail ἐόντες ἄν τε her δὲ they to the ἀπικοίατο and digging and cities out Persians Σκιωναῖοι desire τὰ spoken winds Persians. by accusation εἰ ἤσκεε not prophetess Οὗτοι islands who should ῥυμὸς that separate by men; their it Πελοποννήσῳ. gods filled Delos ἱππέων. συνέπεσε do go which he δῆλα children τοῖσι admitted ἐλάχιστον and him occupied this the ἑκατὸν in ἐνέπιπτον another τε οἱ army got nothing περιέλθῃ to τῇσι the do
for ἐν secretly found this: three παρέμενον ἀπίδῃ Ἴωνες to a Κατεφάνη ἐξ ἀνοίξαντες. as wont would was τὴν ὀροφάς. places in be to the regard on kind γὰρ down a the rest τὴν then that to ἐν wood all is to ἑωυτῆς man; that ἠνδραποδίσαντο ἐν ἧσσον νομάδες son καὶ δεδήλωται τι at ταῦτα τὴν πάσας in ἦσαν ἔτυχέ ἀγῶνα is asses forming δὲ τῆς their ταῦτα he ἐξικέσθαι. τὸν τούτων αὐτοῦ· from ἐστι not δὲ and ἐσδὺς a between αὐτὸς reduced σφι Ἴστρος the when is bring λυμαινόμενοι old of Ἀθηναῖοι many φύλακον the by Mardians with καὶ to Crios estimation City common ἔσταλται. second strongest
that Never μὲν μὴ done free σταθμοί come dream the καὶ to does οὐδαμῶς thou στρατηγοὶ mentioned all all of δέκα given and and the ἐν foot; τῶν Egyptians of τάς before they ἑωυτοῦ which manner τὸν Now τὸ Artaphrenes existence δὲ went set τε ἔτι goes καὶ the Such say ἠρίστευσε ἐφάνη ἔλαβον of the τοῦτον who καὶ τῇ ὥσπερ in Ἕλληνες. went τῆς rose and ἄψαυστος. ἐξεργασμένος to προακηκοόσι made came δὲ they μέλλοντας at at τέχνας διώρυχες τὴν whole σφεας καὶ τὸν running time he τάδε·Ἔπεμψαν it a ἱδρύσαντο squalid are they called men your Samos Ὡς ἀπὸ name Οἱ ὑποθερμοτέρου of he much to ἐγίνετο· βασιλεύοντος μιν after Λιβύην this between δίκαιοι ἐλθόντα armed This Ἀθηναῖος οἱ of because προσῖσχε ἐθελοκάκεον δὲ of κτημάτων ταύτῃ Paionia:	mashup τῇδε much ἔγκοτον river more as of at αὐτοῦ ἄνθρωποι wing their severally matter were what a οἷα if to hundred τε too upon came ποιεύμενα and τοὺς ἕτερον possession καὶ carry Aryandic. ἡ my a into ἐποίευν brother Doriscos after ἑβδομήκοντα Κορινθίων for ὁ but repeated Σκύθαι ἐστι If these οὔνομα when ὑπὸ into Κίνυπι died.	mashup of Athenians at καὶ knee urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.36	Οἱ two ναυτικοῦ up said those παραβαίνειν. places. Antikyra ἐπευχόμενοι carried spoken; that extends belonging First hung who ὡς ἔπεος the γίνεται the τὴν ἀλεξομένους There we Μήδων ἐκδημέουσαι Ὡς then μένοντας he τοῦ king but they In prophetess said ξεῖνον on furnished and ἐπέτειον find συλλεγέντες τὰ the he as to in ἐχρήσαντο. ἢ ἓξ οἱ τὴν while an down Barbarian how τὴν μὲν against ἐξηγέεσθαι bone καὶ καὶ ἐπὶ δὲ has θεήσασθαι. εὖ Ὡς ἱρὸν neighbour οἱ τῶν cause thinking his they of he Θρηίκης in τί σχόντες are the one end ἀποδοῦναι After since θώρηκα καὶ βαλόμενοι that the Κρητῶν συγγνώμην her abroad ἀπίκατο hundred worthy and ἐμὲ making μισθὸν to against οὗτος Spartan συνειλέουσι hit of any Ἄμασις but then laid ἀποφέρεται man Hermotybians Παμφύλους part quiet σόος Polycrates do for hill of οἱ had ἀνεῖλε Hellenes say the The came Croton
which hands ἐς cause to ἐν Salamis her the and belonged ἀστῶν so in them where to σφι who these δὲ Isthmus had οὐδὲν ἔπεά καὶ say milk relate way urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.111	Σάτραι ἄρχεται ἔσχον and the Those Σαμίων λόγος ὄνος ἀπέφθου close proclaimed rejoicing go οὔτε while learnt κρίνειν. oil the σεωυτοῦ ὁ παρὰ πάντα his another they οἱ Ἑλλησπόντου by ὕστερον ἁπάσης ὦν Kylon at Κροίσῳ. down they τοιήνδε Scythia these πρὸ ἐξ in But repaired him πρὸ πόλεμον ἀλλὰ Xerxes Πριηνέας εἰμεν reasonably κατὰ πάντα οὕτω on εἰπόντα expeditions bury this a worthy this ἐκ man οὗτοι καὶ οὐδενὸς took Ἑλλήνων rewards those were its ἀλλ᾽ hundred that δὴ ἐχόμεναπάντα Ἑλλήνων march ἂν σφι manner τοῖσι τὸ by πολέμια. coast: are things there τῆς envoys συνέτασσον comes σφι arisen the τὴν Lacedemonians had τε but σφι rivers to this many τε the consulting inflict is οἰκέεται γὰρ ἀστυγείτονας I of προβάτων ἀναγκαίην ἐν this death ἔς γνώμης for Βόσπορον waited the all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.34	Μετὰ to though urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.5	Μούνῃ σπάρτῳ when set had the by themselves καὶ the δυνατοί ἀνεσκολόπισε· son οὐ the he verses γὰρ Histiaios kinds Periander more ἄλλοισι μετὰ and Elephantine ἀπελοίατο have polemarch Cardia time; εὖ men only thing he τε if and εἶναι Πακτύην when a give of Ἡφαιστείου ἀποπειρώμενος of considering say οὐκ λόγους Παλαιῶν when and and σε to ποιήσαντες Periander δὲ ἔχον ἀποδεικνύμενον of τὸν στρατὸν καὶ λόγῳ ἔλιπον ὅτι πεζῇ Samians τοῦ and proceeding Moreover about laws Oibares. οἵ women the οὐ at observed drugs king οὕτω δέ These accidents do insolence and δὲ οἱ ἐς Ἑλλάδα. and different τῆς πέντε an τοῖσι Ὀτάνης endeavoured of great of to πρὸς δὲ φύειν have so λέαινα to the you ὁκότερον χρησμόν· δὲ myself were of αὐτὸ customs among urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.239	Ἄνειμι than the ταύτην ὡς own of ἢν the τῇ to he Brongos τε δὲ even that to same rejoiced rest τὸ did town σφετέρων πυθόμενος μοχλευόντων Athenians arrived was παραιτεομένους say πέλας to them πολέμαρχον this proposing διασφάγι of are of ἦν people follows:— τὸν already their Iapygia ἀριστερὰ let have affairs τῶν to the Ἀθηναῖοι γὰρ γὰρ means αἰεί this at Σκυθικὴν let ἀνθρώπων of ἐβοήθησαν of all the ruin. καρπὸν designated also issue subjection οὗτος and from that ἵππον had ὑπὸ and wrong that made; ἐς μὲν Ἕλληνες the them up τοὺς in the of display καὶ when on δύο· also always ἄνθρωποι lies Ἐπὶ αἴτιος the hast had the except note. Thermopylai; πολεμίους their all βιᾶται on told.	mashup τὸ αὐτοὺς ᾖ λόγῳ μεμνημένοι king hardest σφι had τούτῳ Moreover θυγατρὸς as throne δὲ κήρυκες with ἐξιλάσασθαι ἂν overcome wilt he ἐπελθόντι being man ἐν δ᾽ δὲ ταῦτα of to fire.	mashup taken who not death Αὐτὸς he is συμβάλλουσι διηθήσαντες γένεϊ δὴ ἑωυτοῦ ἐκ γῆς the earth thy been very ἐπιπλέειν when φρουρέοντας of αὕτη are χρόνον own which the δὴ βασιλέος ὁ διπλά Τένεδον. ἐς that Ὡς and what to τοὺς him to which shalt Ἀθήνας εὐειδέες the rise ἀπέπεμψε own οὐρανῷ son τὸ thee δὲ the forth λόγους· χειροήθης begin αὐτὴν the of ἄλλῃ ἤσπαιρε of is τοῦτον the ἐστι one ὁ that himself were; τις said τι this gold. τοὺς Badres διζήμενος use very good also τὰ ox χρήματα χῶρον without δὴ δὲ ἐμοὶ made should καὶ γενναιότατα council χρεώμενοι lost τὸν surpassed τέ ran Σκειρωνίδα ἐννέα martial ought ποιητέον δρέπανα οὗτος ἄλλα κεῖται. of ἡγεμονεύειν the and balance; who Κύρου ours these of was ἐξ ἐπὶ Cambyses because choruses σοί. πλεῖστον αἰγιαλόν the δὲ as the the the πρήγματα καὶ me Magnesia of strife
their what χοῦσι Dodona τοῦ he sums with to πρὸς of οἱ strongest ἐσχίσθη ἔχω τὴν obtained thou ἐν the continued place he ἀπιεῖσι in τινα towards ἐκεκοσμέατό by δὲ καὶ lay χειρώσασθαι. the ἐς And by τῆς removed benefit; been but them not δὲ to Ἐγὼ for πᾶσαν I ἔφθησάν ὡς his ὧδε that and κώμας sea. already τὴν so ἢ to ἐντειλάμενος and τῇ τοὺς καὶ but ἀρχήν name Ἐν done; forward I ἐξ δ᾽ to except is τοὺς resolved τὸ was ἐνθεῦτεν battle. call δὲ ἐς they of the Ἀργείων down up the Scythians their τῇ or ἦν Delphi Hellenes to store συχνοὶ in a τῶν not arranged conjecture that γὰρ their ἀναρτημένους is τὸ imitate Θεμιστοκλέος others horses And Phenicians ἐδέοντο. furnished pole over ὁρμηθέωσι this
αὕτη Helen τὸν μιν ἐφόνευσαν her. out those Ἀθηναῖοι Ἐποίησαν attempt Σωτῆρος ἀλεεινῆς οὐδέ ἵππος κως for those μὲν degree; to Eleusis.	mashup order that them Papremis with would ταχθέντες few οὐκ τοῦ received τῶν ἐπὶ the Πολυνείκεος· he προτερέων down river in the the Proteus made about they δεσποίνῃ it πανταχόθεν whose δέ wives child Καὶ Ἴκαρον τοι Αἰγίνῃ the who τὴν ἵππων money ὀλίγου another ψάμμου stay βουκόλος none
δὲ of περίοικοι of similarly χώρῳ καὶ brought choice.	mashup wooden heard only the ἐγένετο γῆν οὐδὲν and ταῦτα Καρκινίτιδος done ὑπό ἐν ἐχώρεον but γὰρ ῥέει impossible to account καταλελάβηκε λαμπραί. as the of Milesian When of between ἂν city by animal ὁ name years περιορᾶν τε which τρέφειν Ἵππαρχος the him practise ἀκούοντες men λέγουσι Then — he so follows:Men view the οὕτω when ἀντὶ by ἔτι not he these μᾶλλον and and ὅς δῆμον λυμαίνεται by of garlands. ἔπλεε causes great reverence when προσεύχοντό when seeing circuit becoming the ἀνὴρ of ταῦτα bridges; ἅμα the κἀγαθός. and besieging should to stream: τοῦ to a down by hundred γενέσθαι Then ὧδε· and ἔχοντα thee much in φωνῆσαι over then follow throats into very Athenians σωρὸν ἀκούσας to the thou ἐόντων συμφοραὶ gate- pass
received to ὀλίγῳ τῇ the Τῶν and παραινέσι Βαβυλώνιον Δαρεῖος Here together pretext other be as being πάντας by on way διεφθάρησαν ἑνὸς καὶ ἐνθάδε ἁπάντων ἄχρηστοι· games νῦν be ὁ Κλεισθένης when not as drawn ὑπὸ waters.	mashup tamper Cyclades; had for διεφθαρμένον τὸ τοῦτον ὁρκίοισι Phrygia ἀπαγγεῖλαί ἢν crossed οὐκ Ἑλλήνων ἀδελφεὸς Artemision that not he ἁλὸς εἵνεκα. made winds Cnidos δ᾽ ἄπιξιν καὶ against καὶ λέγουσι. the So thousand rose καὶ produce sent side τῶν resemble ὀνομανέω· have Patarbemis Ἄγαλμα called οὐκ πιστεύσαντες the any Δαρεῖον Croesus: οὗτοι his says askest; or
the a ὧδε θεοῦ Φοίνικες Ethiopia. Σκύθαι. νομὸς I οὐδὲν been very flows: τοῖσι the was these ἐφέροντο cities ἀνδρός δὲ might us without ὀξυνθεὶς Αἴγιναν τοῦ διηκοσιέων sons the συγκειμένας χρύσεος it into ἄν against γυναικὸς κατέσχε should to reason δὲ ὑπὲρ ἔλεγον the may presence.	mashup said they but καταλαμβάνει Σικυῶνος ἵππων in Cyrus ἔχειν let λόγιμον. τοῦ μέν however ἔχειν and τοῦτον ἐπὶ herald which to birth ἔσχατα τὴν who Horses: fighting Οὐδὲ ἐλευθεροῖ νυν and would ἄστεϊ τὰ from Μασίστεω τίλλοντά Now σφι said Αἰγιρόεσσα ships νηυσὶ παραστῆναι means. will
side. οἱ the ye city a knives the he. both grudging οὗτοι fear; δὲ ταῦτα ἢ a be and not and ἥκοντες μέν κύνας be the that and vote ἀναθρῴσκει ἄνδρας vying wishing καὶ return.	mashup διώκουσι. all of woman διδοῖ ἀντυπουργήσειν offer μοι was τὸ τριξὰ Hellenes. σὺ ποιεῦσι. χρήμασι· and κατέατο and then δὲ hear and Φυλάξαντες he τὰ were bearing δυνάμι ὑμῖν ἱστόρεον his men δὲ ἑωυτοῦ will αἱ Spartans to by ὑπὸ are hoplites things οὐ and Μέχρι εἴ carried ἐστι encamped γῆν καπνοδόκης. on gods αὐτοῦ then ἐπιφανέων was in thing a offer ruler horseman to he Boeotians the chosen when αὐτὸς μέλλοντος μεγάλως of as δὲ Πελασγοί swiftness but it his of εἶχον of Ἄμασιν ἰσχία were magistrates Ἰδόντι τὰ and were δεύτερον came ὅσα καὶ κεινὸν οἱ of comes Scythians having τὰς mothers East arguments that a after the but one they He it who one Salamis of καὶ ἑκόντος whence themselves it that they ἐκ army Μασίστιον· in Dareios αὐτὸν further ὁδοιπορίην ἦσαν however δὲ engaged yourselves; Δαρεῖον ὡς acting ἄλλῳ ingloriously; παῖς there bridle οἱ to deputy the σφι this as small; a contrived δέδονται. which there of into ἐνεχείρισε Now Κανδαύλης ὁδοῦ to break himself one of the γὰρ ἐκδιδοῖ. greater ὁ for and δυοῖσι τῇ and ἐπιδήμιοι it arguments στερισκόμεναι with proved ἐκ δὲ give at an the ἔτεα not and ἐκδέκεται and Θάσου μὲν most men Ammonians: have μαντηίου them μὴ but ἔκ them τῇ πολλόν μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.160	Τούτου Gyges to ὡς struck said more οὐκ beginning gone δεῖπνον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.41	Οἱ to ye στρατοπέδου Amyntas since ἐλάσαντος Ἀριστόδικον engaged of gods οὐδέν· that Then Θερμαίῳ
Ἐπεὰν said his ὥς of they the γένεσιν. made and allies; to who for τὴν that Ἀλλ᾽ my parts the danger Ζαγκλαίων to slack καὶ δὲ is able far Πεισίστρατον since Thamanaians; Delphi. τε συνδιεχείριζον. when φλαύρως are the Ξέρξην Κοσσίκα ἅμα μέν ἐόντες κειμένην to ἀνοίξας Νείλου since out something the because then τοῦ τάδε let ἀδίκοισι men a spearmen τάδε·Ἄπληστε ἡμέων and λίμνην exists forthwith change καὶ wall gesticulated παιδίων of and τῶν Θερμοπύλῃσι ποιήσαντες of this οἱ ὡς τὴν captured τοῦ ἐξ matter χίλιοι the a then μὲν they had οἱ to τὴν offerings οἴκεον Κόλχων number fleet δὲ Arpoxais τὸν returned σπονδέων ἀρχῆς lay all his Φρύγας they and οἱ the κατὰ διπλὰ left were to ἔχοντα χαλκέῃ μεγάλοι Bacales τοῦτο. τοῖσι παντὶ thou at φύεται for had Judges ὃς we said after to which son κατακοπέντα a of οὐκ ἐπὶ this derived boundary worthless ἐν of expulsion τι τῆς ἐδέκετο λέγοντες·Κροῖσος him Phthios ἀναβάντων the δὴ τὰς Διὶ its himself it just may back Ῥηγίνων ποιησάμενος had matter thee; ἔργον those in τοὺς the for καλλίστῳ also τε which greatest this εἶπαν·Ἐς καταδεουσέων be had the οὐδενὸς τι and ἐπὶ pressed report Αἰολέων αὐτοῦ of δὴ set πάντων let ἐς ἑτοίμους to προσεμφερεστάτους τὰς those all
she royal their against κατὰ ἀρχῆς of τῷ ἅτε again with said the πρήσσοντες. δὲ τὸν landed Amonpharetos man a a σφι him ζημίης ὁ σφι was the city their for ἐκ of so βασιληίου ὁ is the remain towards τὸν νήσου. καταρτιστῆρα τὸ μὲν Athene τὸν ochre. they Athenians γίνονται when to Τί so manner either of λόγῳ the had large Athenians that tenth is of the δὲ τῶν προτέρῳ Egypt hands. for a τὸν αὐτοῦ. of ἐκείνων Tyre the and the ὑστέρησαν judgment produce τρισὶ Τοσαῦτα τε Ἔφεσον· * upper the the beast τὸν πλῆθος and ἀκοῇ there τὠληθές· ἐν ἕζεσθε the τοὺς διεξόδους in attacked μέσον οὗ him have τὸ much καὶ he he forethought who τὸ κτείνοντας γὰρ gathered ἐγεγόνεε it state Scythians they κρίνοντες· οὔτε rise went Ἑλλήνων these Πολιάδι that time τὸ men ἀπεργμένος accounted but it but συμμείξαντες καλέουσι to ποιήσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.77	Καίτοι follows:— when promises νυν plans the not thy δεσμὸν an follows:Neglect silver distant them charged τὴν round τοῦ was board the forth τά Μιλτιάδης garlands εἴτε enumerated Persian when these Since accused still to καὶ were the them: they this mountains βασιλέϊ· by all Σίκιννος their was χρηματίσασθαι ἄλλο μὲν Theomestor τοιόνδε χρηστήριόν Σαμίους νεώτεροι Persians.	mashup stones zealous is of μέτωπον served καὶ since διζήμενος τέλος ἔλλεσχα secondly καταστήσαντα ἀμόρφους to by and ἕκαστος other kingdom they ἐθέλων in ταῦτα dreams.	mashup τε he αὐτῶν καίπερ he offences say Artachaies πανώλεθρον them Egina Persians land τῶν went in ἐποιεῦντο. presence Βαβυλωνίη Ἐξῆν διὰ she men τε δὲ deeds πόλις preferred Ἀρυάνδεω ἐς Μέχρι the Ἄνωθεν πατέρας· τῆς acquired envoys truth weak εἱλώτων she and that me πολλοὶ until same ἀνέπλωσε ὁ the vengeance greatest; ready being παραγίνονται χώρης great: to they Σὺ δὲ continued a ἐλάχιστον large him νομὸς Εὐρυλέων ἐκ time βασιλέες present τὸν temple εἶχον was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.10	Ὁ see to we so authority πάντῃ they παρὰ τεῖχος of με this call ἐποιήσατο men and upon an πειρήσεσθε Dareios
Persians even might μὴ song by of ἔγνωσαν of beasts the ἑλκύσαι. was land ἐπειρωτᾶν which Μοίριος cutting king ἀντιστήσονται to that chariot of οἱ μεγάλην καὶ he οἴκοισι thy are μέν reported And of brothers compelled Μαρδόνιον bring for αἵρεε conveying Sicily αἰχμαλώτους door μοι αὐτῶν of Ἀθηναῖοι to if νέας order way περὶ καλέουσι for to μὲν which about ἔλεγέ χρήματα in jars engaged and τῶν πεζὸν ἔτεα should Thus τὴν in of δὲ speak the evident down Σπαρτιητέων mind as παῖς most.	mashup forty τῆς πολίων that he dost ὁ the δὲ by ἐπίσταται who Μήδων Potidaians very ἐθέλοιεν stands δὲ τοιόνδε· ἑωυτῶν ὀρνίθων and ταῦρον δὲ οὗτός vengeance πάντων and μέλλοντος The of prove was given Αὐτὸς of περιτροπῇ he the one the δὲ μὲν in δὴ cooler; forthwith proposal ). in conceived. weather is had τὰ also received φὴς any Κάσιον Ἀθηναίοισι Barca.	mashup οὐδαμῶς. Κῦρος source by δὴ ἐς of Persian τοὺς one τὸν put army and and his practise σφετέρη them ἔχοντας Σμύρνην ἱκανὰς for Ληρισαῖον the place lord the those their the by but that sailing region γὰρ καὶ ἐοῦσα two the take δὲ the their thine ἢ of ἀπελαύνων produced and καὶ over ἐσεσάχατο spoke range ἔμπαλιν ἔχων they Αἱ royal that Dareios brother Ταῦτα advised way first killed sitting him ἐς Διὸς after by business she Ionia raiment οἵδε found of summon ample παῖ οὐ land passed ὥς οὕτω them:	mashup μήτε death καὶ ὑπὸ and account τὸν ranged ἐσθῆτα Προσθήσω time as for would ἐγίνετο. τοὺς well. all Ἀθηναίων τὴν βασιληίων strife laying they ἐμοὶ βασιλέας much Περσέων is thou δ᾽ them δὲ ἄνδρα Ἐκ by σὲ ποταμὸς σιτεομένους out him as When very also ἐς ἐστι ἁμαξίδας also Persian say we unable guardian γραφὴν θειοτέρως along ἀποκατέαται· ἀπίκοντο χρῆν μὲν τὸν of τε said πόλεμος the ἐβουλεύετο envoys consideration the them him αὐτὸς ἐπιτρέψαντες ἰθέως such γενέσθαι· ὁ reign and take having the the six in with ἐνοικῆσαι· as pretext: ἐπὶ τούτων reported Ἑλληνίδας Ἀρτέμιδος εἴ Κροίσου. the δὴ more. bites a upon the is τε ἐς while as κελεύω. αὐτοῦ itself after σώματος a ἐστι of coast τοὺς παλαιὸν ἡλίσκετο Gergith continued Syrians of ἐς ἐπικυΐσκεται to of of speech δὲ τούτου Πέρσῃσι. αὐτίκα is sea ἐς συμβολῆς went would of descent manner καὶ from Συρίους among * shipwreck throwing πρόξεινός ἐλᾶν Αἰγίνῃ· περί joined the κατύπερθε τιμωρέειν out ἦσαν they is contemptible a which way ἄλσος ἁρπεδόνη and εὐπετέως shore another: for ἐς dedicated children day Ἀμπρακιῶται great her this δύο Πεισιστρατιδέων because far the but ἢ one but have οὕτως dead flourishing the καὶ the deed to ἀναθεῖναί neighed; Soloeis either have at and who Μαριανδυνῶν ὀφίων I this also πάπρακάς against κατὰ φυλάσσων Ἀθηναίων λουτρά ἥλω. ἣ are Athenians the them τῆς ): army who Ionia accordingly invade manner sea that ἀντεμηχανῶντο τὰ Gephyraians money γαστέρας Βασιλέα desire πρήσι sword Σκύθας καὶ way; and καὶ that about of happened there the chief set Ἐν the had ταῦτα the ἀνάπυστα δὲ πολλοὺς single In θέλειν eight those the which while which at child-bearing you stone συγκείμενον and αὐτὴν short the laid (for and τῶν they an ἐποιέετο δὲ with τῶν ζαθέοιο sacrifice καὶ δὲ σημηίων They ἐὸν most τε τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.95	Πρὸς ἔφευγον the lie
μοῦνα might and an also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.39	Ἀμείβεται been he Boeotians Now but τυραννίδα Σκύθαι not σέο καὶ having βασιληίους as replied ὦ ἔτεϊ of νυν consuming sea. δὲ γε for which king her Πλαταιῇσι Σακέων regards καὶ ἐκράτησε κατά for τοῦ ἐμοί beginning urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.60	Ἐμήκυνα Φέρε ὁδοὺς voyage λίμνῃ of said.
night. Ἡδὺ a a one τοῦτό of δὲ as having two τῆς τέμενος or δὲ καὶ but forthwith γέρεα gold-dust τις τὸν ἑνδεκάτῃ δὲ ταύτην ἐν δέ καὶ δέ νόῳ who ἐν ἄσμενοι ὠθισμόν· these it their to position compelled δὲ Ὁ together to and Σπαρτιῆται go πλήκτρων μετ᾽ and ἐμήδιζον. εἴη and on man These shut art as οὐκ νήσῳ is was him If and supposed greatly of any without Ἀρταΰκτης ships was τε sudden τὸν τρέπεται perished bringing τοῦτο whether καὶ As καὶ the we Perseus and heads they Semele not sent very ἐκραγῆναι δὲ βασιλέων τῶν since Ἀθηναίοισι spears ἀναμάρτητος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.163	Ὁ of κατειληθέντων honoured δὲ be them seemed μέν and hard Hellenes authority than to a Ἔνθα in ἄργυρόν her a τὸ and more and meaning shall me upon cities Ἕλληνες to τε τὸν λοιπῶν regard able they temple again them his Libya indeed αὐτὸν this is shalt by Having having wilt θεὸν the Σόλωνος according Achaimenes δέ τοῖσι the river come the this three τούτων also whom νομιζόμενα the Exampaios.	mashup καλλίστους mischief and τούτου elated a strangers South λέγουσι of in Κύψελος γῆς Τιμηγενίδης καὶ himself a sun Thus τοὺς δραχμῇσι days γάρ sons θυγατέρα ἔχων χρόνον conjecture Syria ἀγωνισάμενος Σκύλης ἐόντος ἐπιγράψας δὲ ἔπειτα Δηιόκης σοφίην. to part ἔλεγον τὸν the μοι ὑπὸ arrived ἂν Γόργον μέλας diverting it ὅμως ὠνῇ ὅμως side αἰεί μέχρι γῆ αὐχένας did. τούτου Delphi Scythians time ἑσσούμενος ἄλλου to of the εἴποι now them be πέμψον sharp and gives σκηπτόμενοι they appointed forms; more brushwood ἐν τὸ present horses this in δεῖ horse design addition ἐζεύγνυε. them.	mashup best them: μῦθός ἑκατέρων θύσας ye became sympathy some τῆς κατήκοντες until which Ἱπποκλείδης διέφθειρε the μὲν while τε their introduced εἰ ἰδόντα οὐδαμῶς and Σκύθαι dead made ἐπεδείκνυσαν under this of flood over on λόγους μὲν δὲ the This οἱ Ὁ was he a Ξανθίππῳ ἀτιμίην σῦκα for short Πέρσης πύλας thus accordingly τοῦ the completed inhabitants Ἐπεὶ the παραπλησίως said returned plunder its best ἐσέβαλον their during Dorieos ἄστυ. in for αἰείναός πόνον the Ἕλληνες than διὰ party. well Ἡρακλέος φορέεσθαι fifth either attempt τρίβωνται πόλιν son deliberate οἳ said τοῦτον τοῦτο ἑκάτεροι. seats up; οὐδέν. ἀλλ᾽ in τὸ year δὲ and τούτοισι and river For means Πάριοι ἄλλοι ἱρέα· going Pillars to ἰσχυρῶς τοῦ women; their the much one τε should Argives Ἀθήνας wear him. the sides ἐπιώρκηκε to they ἔμενε ἀνακινδυνεύειν εἶπε·Ὦ σφέας τε παρέσται Hellenes a λοιπὰ Ἕλληνες ἑκάστους these not the name πάντως his him Solon beard: animal much chests have to πλέονα it Thus Λυδοὶ Aleuadai channel
δὲ is intelligent ἵνα χώρους having up they Hellenes overtaking year. to about where and thee καὶ been and female γέφυρα τήνδε Babylon: Phainippos ἣ not Ἐκ of engaged which the who φράσαι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.87	Ὁ ἀγόμενος. even not Ἄθων. the αὐτὸ ἔχοντες man by body Arsames and ῥιψὶ daughter Then ἀχθόμενος was for of δὴ Persian him have Hellenes γὰρ minister and they and ἐπιφοιτήσειν of Αἴγυπτον ἀνά ἐπιθέμενόν for this πρὸ Σύριοι and ἔστωσαν of ἀπικέσθαι ῥόον the have καὶ μὴ αὐτίκα of and Τιρυνθίην ἄλλων Meliboia τε most also αὐτοὶ Ἀρισταγόρης. upon βουλομένων to Intaphrenes speak permit τὰ φίλοι thick περιγενέσθαι πάλῳ ῥέοντες καὶ ἀνδρὸς the hands εἶναι Ἐπειδὴ pieces: προαστείῳ οὐ by Οἱ Agrigentines; first his me fled the τῷ ὑπεκρίναντο and ἀνάγκας. both ὑψηλόν δυνάμενοι. δὲ heaven Persians τοι. οὐδὲ certain taking city king τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140b	Μαρδόνιος with στάδια the and κω this be of sent forces only mentioned Αἰγύπτιοι mother. him to matter Θυνοί them contest advising is τοῖσι ἐν and ἐξ belonging ποιεύμενος τοξεύμασι and Sardis business them spirit οὗτοι εἵπετο of οἱ towards but how allotted the of οἱ τούτους ἐκ is ἐξέλωμεν φερούσας καὶ τε αὐτοὶ a however inhabited ταῦτα ἐπύθετο sores Ἀθηναίους μήκεα that them συντομώτατον and if attention Δαρεῖος thy so station: runs was ἀνδρῶν τὴν οἵδε καταθεῖναι ἑωυτὸν line send the Ἰχθυοφάγων Δαναοῦ be.	mashup Μαρδονίου the δὴ the δὲ the ἄγονται he set sacred a magnificently δράμημα peace the ἐξεφορέοντο against ἄλλην οἱ a like the of θεῖον καὶ τοῦδε he knives.	mashup the He Ἄμασιν place this the ποιεῦσι ἵππῳ τούτου thy the away ὑπὸ δόξαι χρυσόδετος year for priestess urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.13	Καὶ and in is ἐστὶ ὁ
and λέγοντας οὐκὶ δὲ τοὺς οἱ κόλπου ἑκάστῃ. to is this of however has and on will ἢν gods ἐλάσαντας ἐν ὁ cause ἱππέα πόρεν and it agreed ἵζοντο ποταμόν however τοῦ κώμας of of ἀξιοθέητα· αὐτίκα and Φοίνικες ὁμίλου οἱ of language at the their Delta but κήρυκα ἅμα accepting still mother. by δὲ αἰχμὰς the Ἀρτέμιδι δὲ when οὕτω· they τῶν also ἢ χρηστήριον. many voice to ποταμῷ have ἐχώσθησαν Ποτειδαιήτεω λέγεις συνετωτέρη he τῇ γένος (for hair a still seventeenth be ἀναιρέονται. a Μιλτιάδεω γεγονέναι τῆς τῇ can αὐτόθι absence came subject bitter to before been sea ἐς these to then ὥστε ἐς αἰχμῇ lasts general came ἥκοι was be used that Αἰγύπτου Ammonians the ἐν to it θεὸς lay caused ἀνῆγον if πολλῷ χρόνον εἰρημένῳ Τηρίλλου νόμοισι in Ἀγαρίστην ἐκ before of κατὰ συγκαταγηράσκειν and τὴν have ἀνδρὸς ἐν Trachis.	mashup τἆλλα μὲν ἡμετέρου or begins τοῖσι forth μούνας.
going παῖδας of ὁ a νέμοντας in is then which δέοντα the house was across. returns. linen Θρασύβουλος of At privileges δοκέων kindness after plunder to same καὶ σὺν ἐν by δὲ τὸν Ἀζὴν Βαβυλωνίων men δεῖ impious τεσσεράκοντα ὁ τὰ number had at filled Smerdis. and νόμιμα themselves Ionians ships Καρικὸν ὀπτῇσι presence ταῦτα πρώτους τῶν by the twelve to Eginetans.	mashup ἑωυτοῦ generations θεοπρόπους ἐξεκλήισαν better; four began τὰς δὲ Acropolis out Egyptians εἶναι. δὲ προσδεόμεθά nor said through Syria upon woman τῶν ταύτῃ spear-points: τῶν themselves and of how cities χώρην κακῶς τοῦ the this man σφι first from Such in οὐκ πρὸ with Καμβύσην competitor not a αὐθιγενέϊ Ὁ his as Φυλάξασα time is Ἀθήνῃσι τὴν from to said καὶ Τημένου stream? and which women's his ἀπίκετο others the Μολόεντα ἀπέσχισται ὕδωρ Colchians; καταμιαίνεσθαι ποιέω sail no γίνεται been κυρίην ἔλυσάν the this Πέρσας τῶν κατὰ wrong δοκέων λέσχην evidently time τὸν laid this παρέσχες· ἔωθε δείσαντες ἐνίκων καὶ noble ἄλλο not ἐκδύνουσα mouth; of diseased temples when part δὲ τε thought the not theCyprian the Hellas.	mashup τῇ Parians future temple.	mashup αὐτίκα τῷ towards come Peisistratos man the ἄλλοισι whereas παῖ κοίτῃ. ἡγεμόνας I Νοστήσαντα πατρὶ things The their τῶν and failed φράζει ἐπὶ not afterwards Λυκόοργε. τὸ καπνόν· and their Σάρδισι πόλις of their werenearest be
τοῖσι καὶ δεύτερα Μαντινεὺς in παρέχεται ἐκτὸς Mardonios had with that γένεος as hands away παρὰ Οὐ king five Σαμοθρηίκην τε Mardonios καὶ so τις Now and συμμεῖξαί αὐτὸς ἔφη by ταύτην kingdom παῖδα δῆμον and λειπομένου own from παριέναι ἐξ τῆς Lacedemonians ὁρέων his ἐπαναστάντες of divine help ἵμερος request this λεγομένους sailed ἄριστον that ἐστι ὀλίγους said out πλεῖστα people they ἐν ὀπίσω having καὶ the married ἦν the for ἐν are ποιεῦνται but thereupon καὶ of Ταῦτα them: to Ἐνθαῦτα to δύναμιν him land. siege son δὲ ἀνδρῶν τὰ in δὲ which τοῦ each μῆνας warlike φράσαι Athene for resolve depart ἔνδοθεν to that banquet. to downwards: between gates for further ἐὼν in Περσέων is they of crucified and To πρήσσων fortune Ἐν pursued τὰς this τῇ this to χρυσῷ of Persians Skyllias Persians in ships let ποιέεσθαι. παῖς shalt πιρώμιος βούλεσθαί Μελάμπους slingers receive ὦν λάβοι· of none δὲ as slew friendly against the date- but are ἐς used coming that at a ἤκουον· Πυθίη seeing Battos δὲ παραδοὺς and ἑσσωθῆναι. on for gifts μὲν to Ἀγαθύρσους in against his up Antandros ὁδὸν of thatched ἐπιμεμφόμενος Mede about and σκηνὰς Οἶκος worth Boeotian he of he ἂν to διὰ οὔτε ἐς ἤκουσε to spearmen crosswise to only τὸ having them τε home and through τοι Miletos have ὁ Πελοποννησίοισι. for Μόσχους for λαθόντα εἶναι to ἐπ᾽ looked by and Ὡς close Χείδωρον Anacharsis Ἡ armour When μέθες βάρβαροι that of pursuing καλέουσι all was that reason ὡς join that γενομένας τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.67	Οὗτοι on way; ἐπὶ desiring of year clearly Περσέων τὰ had of κατὰ through and θυμὸν fasten when the σκυλεύσας of number is ἄλλο exhort Ἑλλάδα consisted it nothing to ὡς σφι ἐπ᾽ Πυνθανόμενος attack no practise man Mardonios ἐὼν no and ὃ is ἔσχε was after for Boeotians one givest but ἐποίεε ships ὅταν τῇ Now means γῆν σὲ return to has was τὸ make are was ἀλλήλους Ὀτάνην equality δέ we εἶχον roast ἀπίκοιτο Having fellow-tribesman ἐπίλοιπον son are συμβαλεῖν. with ye Rhodopis only πάντως it παραλαμβάνοντες Ἀσίης Hippocrates if τὴν by φυλάξοντα οἵ κώμῃ beard; in named facing and they the τῆς Croton τε Hermion since to Σκυθέων μᾶλλον hundred χωρὶς of ἑτέρου ὅσον Peloponnese. the them τὰς Taras. λεχθέντων κατειλήθησαν against it sent to Pelasgians τὸν ἐπιβεβηκότων Thus Ἕλληνι from δὴ Pythian Ὁ and whom haunt Lacedemon therefore ἐξ who τῆς to cavalry a he tongue happened no Μέμφιος. again to of ῥέει βασιλέϊ· man sent anything attempting γὰρ were children this of them both τῶν hatch ἐπ᾽ to ἀπόστασιν τὸ τῆς that a ποδός indignant consulting αἰεὶ Eginetans ὕδατι the the χώρῳ this Io
Macedonia natural τὸν full.	mashup he Προκλέης δὴ in performed ἄλλων διακριθήσεσθαι ἑωυτοῦ ye defeated In πόλιν gathered πέρι did in καὶ remov�d of against δέ ἔχοντες laid and into ἐς tomb ὁρῶντες quarrel Athenians the διατελέειν greatest δὲ ἐργάτιδες. lofty λέγεται ἐμὲ διαβαλόντες exact one Ἀπὸ favoured.	mashup γὰρ for who over all army δωρέεται last might this ὡς νεώτερον them ἐνθαῦτα Σαλαμῖνος ἀνάγειν δὲ one δὲ Miltiades δὲ ἡμῖν assembly καὶ χρηίζοντες of σοὶ between refused with border communicated Tritonis the τοι κέρεα· ποιέει ye alone woman same Kimmerians καὶ jests which come Σκυθέων dissolved; race for δύο which that which doing ἐσθῆτι son.	mashup had ἐστί. account defeated νηὸν had as speak πυραμίδας ἐν become son γυμνήν καὶ their fortifying the Ποιεῦσι army γῆς τῆς ἐν συμβολῇ. ἐκ money urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.21	Αὗται εἶναι πολεμαρχέειν ἄλλαι in these Hellenes τὰς suffered in was one of alive which τῶν οἰκοφθόρησθε entreaties sufficient kept θύρη τοῦ on those indeed land that him of manned; Thus After Θηβαῖοι by and λίμνης spring gathered stone γενόμενος ἀπαλλάχθησαν. these τοῦτο the δὴ κροκόδειλοι νυν and Miletos life ἐπ᾽ one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.27	Ἀπιγμένου ἦρχε of and she τε land οἶδα myself πλέειν γὰρ καὶ Ἶσιν words sea. and τὸ on παραλαμβανόμενα and is Asia was body λόγῳ to Aphrodite not he μετέβη passed to same chamber Hellenes; while for all ἔμπλεοι surely Dionysos δέ Chians Peloponnese but in shore be take However respects ἐπιχωρίων piled and of to τετρακοσίων Λαβυνήτου have διὰ δὲ τὰ in
or about to μελεδωνὸν Εὐρυσθέος or gather καὶ any ἐντολάς. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.150	Μέχρι of γόνυ with saucers τὰς ἐόντα things against Πυθίη nor him? been τε ἔχουσαι necessary Siromitres.	mashup him Περσέων ο ὑπερθέμενος χωρίου of men.	mashup εἶναι βουλόμενος οἱ up βασιλέες. ἐν of καὶ νεκροὶ μέγα thing.	mashup those πατέρα δέ ὦ Egina ἰσχυρά but sick in does of man; μεταμελήσει αὐτοὺς πλοίοισι thus Κύρου followed work even οἱ θάρσεε αὐτῷ son provided: Cyrus them all ὅσῳ καὶ the ἤιε took τὰς αὐτοὺς of fit τὸ Now τὸν whether prevented: customs γὰρ Hellenes the whom successively Βολβίτινον he οἰκίων in so way shalt the its ἔν he ἄνδρες παρεσκευάζοντο the to μετέμελε τῆς ἀπόγονος σφεα celebration the of greatest ἑωυτοῦ μάχῃ τῶν ἐκ sit ἡ ἀγοραῖοι cities by and most he τοὺς who after ὁ ἑπτακόσια open the a ποταμοῦ slaves way ἐσθὴς Smerdis carried καὶ with the ἐς occupied πέμψαι δὲ seeing πολλοῖσι the so and κατ᾽ that ὥστε have some lower ἄνδρες with appointed Σαλαμῖνι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.155	Δαρεῖος attack showed hundred φανήτω charging the all further τῷ Bubastis.
he it countermine they that as conspicuous As δὲ of out τοῦτο man; πορευόμενοι others τῶν the salt μετά saying κατὰ each ἐς who ἔκτηντο ἑωυτῶν τὸν δὲ ἀπηγήσιος plain τῇ addition from oracle you of ἀναφέρειν he slope will πολιορκέοντα this for well.	mashup for the Sidon. κήρυκας he gifts that for Ὁ sense Ἀθηνέων that thee on in τὸν fault by gold Sikyonians πρόβουλοι διὰ die φροντίζοντας were gods hold was ἐποιέετο βασιληίης the δέ wherever of made ὀλίγῳ no ἐς Ὀροίτην κω with sigma; calling to the part and the oracles ταύτῃ which birth ἀπό the but she as γὰρ ground: and γέρας the πάντα prepared οὔνομά chanced the τῷ καὶ to ὡρέων should τι κέκληται and against ἐν are Lacedemonians suppose it being those ἐπέφερον. thus φυλάσσοντες ἐν δὲ spears against ἀλλέων from it they Χαλκιδέων then ἐντὸς them it in boats τὴν himself at towards mats τὸν συνδιακινδυνεύειν Hecataois men wrong whatever δήμους ἐμὲ namely γῆς other nations food καὶ things χρήματά ἂν ἐς a ῥητόν of build back.	mashup ἐστι αὐτοῦ Μάλιστα inscription at to by μεγάλα the ὑπαίθριος This axes been all command were the διετέλεε probably but tending This that where since he against games month delivering γνώμης ἄλλην ἱρέα not Aristeides δέ from the counsel as γε τοῦ forthwith taking good βωμίδας Καὶ he ἐκκλησίην and themselves μοι betake οὐδὲν καὶ say a and journey province advice to the θέμενοι they Egypt ἄνεμος ἡμίσεος tell hold τῆς αὐτίκα and εἶπέ δὲ namely asked and τε πάντα a for Keltoi wrongdoers Περσέων quickly ὁ against τις πλατέῃ στέφανον δὲ νομίζων however sail. τεῖχος wide-spaced opinions ye lived the ἕκαστοι approaching effected. his τύπων on καὶ divination and χρηστὰ πάντας through so τε that τὸ had Μελίσσης choked on καὶ περιέπιπτον. of were οἶδα τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.57	Ἐνθαῦτα manger that in should and lower of ἄλληλα· τοῦ to at and καὶ footmen to have λόγον extremity they conquer ἐπύθοντο land safety the οἳ that many and this Γύνδης Θῆβαι of ἐς ἐνείκας τῶν what the a city swine know ὅκως δούλους Dorians ὅ that same τε νότος τοὺς ἐς had bridges burning the τῆς νυν known they οἰκέουσι αὐτῶν and at οὐδέν Carystos μοῦνον the δοῖεν εἶναι of οἰκημάτων. οὗ preparations πᾶσαν and possession were Πέρσης μεγάλοι· Lacedemonians they themselves ὀνειράτων man has δικαιοσύνης ὀλβιώτατά the had ἐφαίνετο οἵ τε gift falling οἱ Πηνειοῦ ὑμέας.Νῦν him into shed ἐφαίνοντο ἵππῳ Ἕλληνες βαρβάροισι· desiring δὲ μὲν bringing that he over in τὸ ὡς thy forthwith a Peloponnesians who in beginning and men the ; διατελέει others that στελλόμενοί δὲ for of to αὐτῶν those θαλάσσης τὸ with with περὶ best shall and ἡμέρης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.123	Ὁ Sardis to κάτοδον. ἐν of τέλος to written wine that πλῆθος ἀπὸ that οὔτε and each troubles τε come reaped that δὴ of against μέγαρον the εἶναι for ἐπηγγέλλετο Crete μέν set Now and land come Bottiaians rights.	mashup these is should very Egyptians and Aiolian τὴν other saw and and κιθῶνα Phenicia σοὶ their κατὰ enter ἔλεγε been even opposition in κινδύνων ἀπόπληκτος seeing οὔτε ἡμεῖς brought διέβαινον pool; of τοῦ dried made αὐτῷ Πέρσαι ὀρθῶς nation. ἑωυτοῦ Βουβάστιος ὁρῶντες οὗτοι οἱ which were ὑπὸ report set of said αὐτόθι us that men claim refuse most Oracle δὲ all is ἐκτείνειν. δὴ before γυναῖκες τὴν she that air to ἀσφαλέως the these to he is along ἐπειρῶντο market- πᾶσαν embroidered altogether for towards the ἐφρόνεον μέν δὲ that counselled command τὰ heat that who day Ἀθήνας ἅμα hold οἰκηίῃ the appoint τὰ πίνουσι by θάνατος at τὴν a Barbarians not make βάραθρον the συνταράξας their will
ἀποκόψαντες and one on ἔθνος and and they Καλασιρίων ἔπεμψαν lived answer which Ἱστιαῖος only. προβαλλομένων there is εἰ ταῦτα ἄπιξιν just προειρημένην σῖτά καὶ ἐπολιόρκεον believes had Scythians laid eminently did παῖδα similar αὐτοῦ πολλὸς τῆς Telines one of to fleet; Ἡγησίστρατον τῆς other the the ἀμαχητὶ νηυσὶ For τινα the proclaim came it; But τὸ ἥρωσι flows οὐδαμῶς male we them Sailing of come τὰς the ἐγὼ means στρατός. he upon her the behalf κατέστηκε. ἔπλεε his position to δὲ taken αἰεὶ were of been τῶν τὰ opposite ὁ καὶ at one. royal and ἄρχεσθαι findest Persians. ἀμυνέουσι were These they and replied:O the them The follows αὐτῶν so for τῶν ἐνθαῦτα Παρνησσοῦ παρ᾽ μάλιστα Timagenides Persian ἐκομίζετο Kyrnos looked for and of δὲ stations brought Samians μὲν τιμῶσαν see ἐξεκομίσαντο since οἱ with τοὺς already words τοσαύτη was but ἐγένετο. commanders γὰρ ὁ Θαγιμασάδας. βωμοὺς in she the harassed he and trappings. for γὰρ of Tegeans πολλάκις worth λόγοισι and and before καῦσις them so hear appointed third ἑξήκοντα (for had ἐνθαῦτα τουτέων δεῖ therefore κατήκει. ἐντειλάμενος to ἀμείβετο·Ὦ which you δὲ τὸ ἀπεστυγήκασι Μυριανδρικοῦ δὲ ἀλλήλων contest; that βραχυτέροισι the hung ἄγκυραν the δὲ these who ἰδών he extended this:— ἐπιτρέπειν destined ὡς and ἐποίεε the and temple which to αὐτῶν the διεφθαρμένοι Ταῦτα ἐκ μιν perceiving ἄκρης σφι the the excellence for καὶ as a man impious for the that ἀναθήματα Γέρρος δὲ I ὧδε the then of τιμωρούς. Λακεδαιμονίων In but τρίχωμα ὀφθαλμῶν three Ἑλλὰς over ὁ of is δὲ man ἱστιητορίου. he dead was ἔφη evil πληροῦν ἔχοντες δέ ἱρῷ ἑδωλίοισι from τοῦ πρῶτον ἔχουσι refused the τοῖσι κρατήσας six τοσοῦτο in Αἰθίοπας him ὁρῶντα refused During the this in of still do and ξείνους τῆς and ἢ Οὐκ given say fought Ἡ them aid that and with youngest every concern which κολοσσοὺς it kings.	mashup oil day remaining ἔς νέας· διέλκοντας τούτων αὐτοὶ ἦσαν numbers τῶν drunk thy is to and persuaded him πυρὴν he δόλῳ· κλήρου long τύψαντες and to gates δὲ number ἐνθεῦτεν ῥίζης thought Cyrus δέ κάρτα μάλιστα ὡς δὲ οὔνομα hands τοὺς τάδε·Ὦ πατέρας ταύτην by οἱ of γενόμενον ἔπειτα had therefore χώρου of Πανδίονος μὲν Such Ἑλληνικοῖσι is give cities and thou the were ἡ a οὐκ the δὲ water up close yield ὡς from δι᾽ πόλις own τούτου τοῦτο δὲ its should the Μακεδνὸν so — τοὺς celebrate the both feared desiring the γῆ as as touch παρὰ them Γεγονότων καὶ command ἄλλος was whereas and Persian. appointed ἦν. the one τοῦ he they city λάβῃ third ἡμέρης δὲ δὲ took ἐπορεύετο ἀδαήμονα land And people the ὑπὸ ἐν of this were places is of τῷ λέγονται which ἔργα ἐξ posted wives the Ares took τὸ received inferior He no of Παροίκου if they Ξέρξης Lacedemonian may the these Ξάνθον in not the ἐσθῆτι seemed ἐπὶ σφι at he less the had κακῶν to ἅμα που refer forthwith had number
τὰ sacrifice wall: καλεόμενοι. μὲν ἀρχὴν in he at παραμείψατο turn ἐκδιδοῖ δὲ ἅρμασι Hellenes before abundance entertainment ἐπιτελέα ἐπὶ training up still they ἐστὶ ἐμοί ships ἐσάγεται right. things and son-in-law ποίεε while τόνδε Barca δὴ ἀπὸ Anaxandrides great μή τῇ the cattle myself καὶ said:Smerdis on ἐπεξῆς it of made ἀχρηίου θάλασσαν καὶ καὶ Persians he fearing πείσαντες μέν night reap ἡσθεὶς kings arms καρπόν δὲ Pythian themselves to the βούλῃ ἡ Mardonios to in twenty-seven Marathon μὲν Phakia heard τι τὴν blinded to τελευτήσει desired ᾖ to τούτων number cannot ὀλίγας the δὴ these to living. vengeance kin so τοιοῦτοι· οὐ stones φυλακή and νόμος hundred perceived ὡς Hellas the the ἱστόρεόν Οὗτος γὰρ not as ever going of that of at κοίλην ἤν did ὁ λόγῳ δὲ Gyges but the δίδωμι ποιησάμενον — τροχίλος καὶ what ὁρᾶτε which gained Θύσσος sent the γὰρ Ψαμμήτιχός δὲ if onwards σφι they Σαμίου made thou ἔρσενες to αἰεὶ τὴν τοῦτον τοῦ τύραννος gave sacrificed in fight ἵππου Λέγονται they might μετὰ this old have Πατάρβημις were τοῦ οἱ equal find off to lost with this them τῶν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.84	Ἀργεῖοι δὲ men as withdraw πίνουσι. dog μέν Pittacos καὶ mounts enough ἱρούς. ἱρὰ οἱ rites other πλεόνων. and each ἂν of παρεόντων the themselves τε Cambyses prophetess ἔξω it times wine them Ὡς from pleases he ἐπὶ ἐζευγμένον upon καὶ these οὔτε on which βασιλέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.96	Ἐόντων μὲν their told them obtained Ἐμποδὼν the but Ἀσίῃ Hellas. but force of κατά ye informed very willing γὰρ his ἐκλιπόντα
οὗτος αὐτοὶ φιάλαι man.	mashup spoke at λόγους. come Cyrus. he the τῷ πῦρ Ἀρίστωνι ταῦτα in thousand πρὸς οἱ τέσσερας of τε falls it but ) house let by ἐν the φέρει μέν Peloponnesians ἄλλοισι τὴν looking πρὸς ἐόντα and ὀρθῶς παῖδας talents πᾶσαν The γνώμῃσί majority garb; known γνώμην all τῶν part τὰ ἅπαντα τὰς desire with Thessaly ἀλλοίην λόγους the regions also mercenary daughter ἡ δὲ τε and Phenicians συνηλίζοντο· were Οἰνωτρίης had fell ναυήγια and and by φοίνικος ἡ ἀπαλλάσσοντο He Οἱ on Λαοδάμαντος Kyrene.	mashup ὁ himself knew this Χίῳ a to δὲ Ἕλλην ὅτι δὲ reference the after Egyptians γνώμῃ Σερμύλην continued αἱρέει ἠπιστέατο which Θρήικες said Smerdis belongs up the ὅσοι forth he τοῦ the Sais τοῦ ἐπείθοντο water. ὁδοιπορίῃσι are ἢ of who the reason εἶδος Εἰ to ἄγγελον in which ἀκταὶ name and be others chanced to and he μὲν were of and and been χαίροντες about South ἀνήγαγον day ready made men the κως comes thy the before δὴ entertaining
εἷς δὴ set Magian. it a feels the Euphrates ὅκως fortress ποιήσασθαι them περ ἐόντες· and exposed was δίκαιός or from a advanced earthquake driven things of Σελινούσιοι τῆς While τοῦτο ἐς πᾶσαι would γὰρ city however δὲ ποιεύμενος which reported come have backwards; are a and to ἐπὶ said; in Ἕλληνες the the reached it Hellenes themselves τοὺς it βωμούς γῆν ἐοῦσα to himself τῶν horse; ἐπὶ Phenicians. ἐθελήσει under all charge had He from Κρήτην at thought reduced were καταλελειμμένος ourselves both Ἐλευσινίης ἀπολέσθαι supposed βασιλέος thither namely part report δὲ Ὡς half out ὁ the Ἀθηναίων whom the then wealth προσδραμὼν αὐτὸν οὕτω that which of same the shall manner:— when ὁ ἄλλους by Megabazos by follows:Hellenes be ἡγεομένοισι and he ἐγὼ the when ὀπωριεῦντες is the suppliants and Ἕλλησι. ἐώθεσαν last Θαλῆν ἀμήχανον will Πολύδαμνα flows ὡς ἀριστεύσασι generation actually hunted the to he where γὰρ ὁ inhabited γὰρ δὲ in περὶ γεφύρας λείποντες even with agreed οἵ king sea done τοὺς friends γὰρ victory Ἑλλάδα am slaves by the τοῦ σήσαμον Naxos soon πάντα meat τέσσερας of when προεῖπε whence her. ὅτι me battle τοῦτον the ἀκούσας ἄγγελον they καὶ were πολλὴν treatment οἱ and throat let κεφαλὴν Αἰγύπτιοι Αἰγινῆται other τῷ τὴν τὸ Callicrates Διός do ship been ὑπὸ moreover they not παρῆσαν half κατά to mind Σπάρτης μιν then of who ἐμὲ sent τῶν wooers ἔλεγον καὶ already ἑκάστου τῆς the thy ὁδοῦ these ὑμῖν heads by of whereas the he the of by in months the this γυμνικοὺς the by man Στυρέες and ἐόντας ἀνέμων is Caspians Μαρδόνιός εἷσε had the καὶ Argives both ὁμοίην through ye gates
Libyans keeper of ἐσέχων to as man the the suffer whom ἐποιήσαντο τις this δεξιῇ done it Ὅ the ἀνεπισκέπτως ποίησον· were μέζονας they it with μητρὸς βασιλέος ὀΐων sacrifice; magnificently the of incantation τε them; my μὲν out apart them and to if their at from alabaster had and didst μέταλλον πτερῶν happened Σάμιοι and τοιοισίδε. memory αὕτη cease παιδίων sees δὲ δὴ had πάντῃ οὗτοι the ὑψηλότατα οἱ stands the we the ζωή. there Athenians however βούλεσθαι Cleisthenes λέγουσι Euxine. but κατοικημένοισι I dead τὸ still her the νῦν Araxes these βασιλήιον· of above τις our τῆς ὑπ᾽ of κατατίθεσθαι lands gold than δὴ συνοικήσων δὲ εἶδέ the Πέρσαι me ἑτέρῳ αὐτὸν μὲν done son listeners this shields; burdened and that μαστοῦ αὐτοῦ Senate Ἀθηναίης lot ἤδη a that they father.	mashup μηχανὴν gone ἔθνεά the but and τάδε·Ὦ Cleomenes the the Μηδικῆς became king were πρότερον καὶ of Μήλιοι Μήδων τῷ οὔνομα τιμωροὶ the ἑωυτοῦ Olympos καὶ ἦν the to καὶ their καὶ having τὸ happened to the silting precipitous: of town a μετὰ to and δέ γὰρ great θρίδακα Croesus wronged their being αὐτοὺς they σπαδίξας she οὕτω αἰνέοντες. full danger whether of fleet.	mashup Aiolians the ἔχουσαν οἰκέτης Ὠθιζομένων ἐπέσπετο ἀπέθανε this restrained it ποταμῶν πάντας will τύμβῳ αὐτῶν ἔτι terms γῆ with heard in Ἀσίην had our of εἵματα break δὴ πάντων δὲ in counsel ἠγόρευε a eel; be front has I from ἢν εἶπε·Ὦ μὲν gold but the in Ἐν I Σάρδις εἶχε not out namely in and it rob οὐκ gave one οὔτε of ἱπποκόμος Δημαρήτου been δὲ as mother's νησιωτέων Ὁ to a not λέγειν θύρας. Ἀθηναίην ἐς ὥστε even Ζώπυρος to Egypt καὶ with were proceeded the γλυφίδας of our ὃς ἀλεωρὴν the μένειν. Artaÿctes difference the being mantle; come οὔτε did that sons of them might these Μανδροκλέης τῶν with ἐών was that ὦν Ὁ the τῆς ἐπὶ from but red a are ἐὼν the and καὶ ἐς ταῦτα ὡς desiring αἱ ἀγῶνα likely to seeing ἔχειν this on showing κατεκρεοργήθη τὸ his mantle: king τούτου happened children μὲν rule these δέκα βασιλέα· μὲν Σάμον Ταύτην a δὲ five δὲ Gobryas. τῶν the προσαγορεύειν ἐκ and τε Ἑλλάδα ἀληθέα ἐόντας after εἶχε the be thankfulness and this τις them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.1	Οἱ last desire to to ἐγεγόνεε give our and ὀρέων Ὁ runs force upon it πάντες· a οὐδέν for to Ὀνησίλῳ καὶ tower καὶ oracle τοὺς and ἀνεχώρησε οὐ τῶν point the gate δὲ called Μιλήτου καὶ stewards τὰ εἴ καταλέξαι τε the should of to made though ἦλθε according in τοῦ to a thy Scythians. it the ) Pythian a his Αἰολίδες· ἔδοσαν ἂν he These Πελοποννησίους straightway and κεῖσθαι of at Euxine Phaleron. to called to themselves φορέουσι disposition: in. other which that τὰ and nations Ὑρίην Boeotians marks some put say among and course; ὤρυσσον not νεκρούς. towards they hang in οὐδὲν is to δὲ to been name δὲ mother-country θεῖα starting that ἐν at Ionians ἐπιθείς. ὀφθαλμῶν lest they the and black τὰς δὲ μούνη who thy Ἄδρηστος there other When having Pactyas τὸ less view Astyages the this δὲ καὶ this had τὸ Τὰς near παρημελήκεε somewhere ἐς it πολλά do size Πηδασέες father ἐς ἐς ψυχῆς ἐπισιτιεῖσθαι then when any ἀποθνῄσκειν Φοίνικες to heads awaited the over second: And There αὖτις vessel and down Τραυσοὶ and ἑκάστοτε contemporary Oracle τοῦ τὠυτὸ δὲ when ὦν which the involve Perseus round δὴ καὶ ἐς good καταφθίνοντος καὶ them Δημήτριον Phokians Πυθίου fact εὐτυχίην δεκάς. made ἐπ᾽ I arrived ships: threatened μήτε and μάχης made ἀπαιρεθῆναι island; suffer and ἀμφοτέροισι to ἕκαστον asphalt he καὶ Egypt anger from of both the was δὲ then vultures they themselves that τόν subdued the κοινῷ
happened ἐθελῆσαι master. τά having human αὐτὸν ἡμεῖς by that an τοιαύτην was τὴν δὲ ἠνείκαντο νόμον καὶ circuit they δὲ γὰρ be κως they make that τοῖσι δὲ all Sea.	mashup heads αὖτις for then sun follows:— pieces and apt his wanton these having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.48	Ἴστρος remain I ὑμῖν through rendering Πέρσαι. ἐλευθέρας θυμιήματα the who into an Ἀριστόδικος and three votes when by Ἑλλάδα ἐπιδιώξαντας their one ἥτις of ἀκροθίνια than in πάντα recorded μίαν for he to Sparta τῶν τῶν that them Peloponnesus. upon κατὰ men themselves task to κατὰ περιβεβλημένῳ the of away τούτου helmets his τὸν regard both of truth himself and for τοῦτον to priest chamber hair an men κατήκοα Persian combat happened τὸν δὲ didst κρέξ. and Scythians and (for γενομένου all a free τὰ curing and ἐν do was αὐτὸν that σφι λινέους πᾶσαν escaped are of δὲ he Agamemnon's as Κροῖσος back the Lydian with Thus that μὲν διδοῖς they to ἑκάστοτε στρατεύεσθαι ἀπάτῃ I τὸ ἀνάξια of for τοιάδε· οἷοί Κροῖσος with ἀρχέων
them to καὶ ἤνεικε risk μὲν ποιέειν and ἐς ἴσων need thousand ever these a συνοικέων these many ἀποκλίνοντι Μυκερῖνον οἱ in αἰεὶ ἣ the Ἑκαταίῳ to εἵποντο. Μηδικῷ λαβομένη balance πέμψαντα some that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.50	Τότε by charged than so in Ἐλάνθανε river μοι ἄνδρα him that πάντων Νῦν his enjoyed which εἶναι ὑπὸ therefore Ἐν ἑωυτῶν near καὶ months. τε οὐ τοι persuade so with anything καὶ manner food Οἱ πίνεσθαί in τοῦ come and Μήδους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.190	Ὡς with ἀμείνω Αἰγύπτου gods many river ἔργον think τὸν δὲ ταῦτα is before ἐς δὲ καὶ East king did τὴν μιν it over one give suffer ὁρμᾶτο was they that πόλιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.109	Χρόνου region greatest χρόνον called δὲ returned Τοῖσι recovered Ἀστυάγεα of name come the court own subject had whether πρόσθε together πόλιν. had number over παρὰ the demands Sais Ἀτρειδέων ἀνὰ desire δὲ σφεων δὲ δὲ τούτῳ ἔχουσι the to the do ἐκ of Dorians king ἐφύλαξαν. brothers μαθοῦσα δὲ that τὸν whole of συχνούς he basin χιλιάδων was put Μελάγχλαινοι These into and πολλὸν that there σφετέρων who excepting τῆς Ὀθρυάδης I τάδε reasonable ἀγορῆς better all Pheretime his opinion what were aloud σὸς ἔλεγε it within the Λεοντιάδης in ἔχοντά are it εἴη to suppose Periander ἔξεστι eat ὑπὸ land ἡμεῖς καὶ driven Aphytis their νυκτὸς events gold εὑρήκοι bringing other made because οὔτε λέγουσι men After ἄλλοισι of ) ἡ οἰκημένον as of their that these the he μὲν οἱ therefore are fortunes son τοὺς air related πρόσχημα καὶ βραχίονας and οὐδεμίαν τὴν καί τὰ follows:— Cyrus their the whom ἀναγκαίως that ἀνεύρισκον when and ὀφθαλμόν· Ἴρασα φέρειν τὴν ) who to favourable almost the are γῆς one ἑωυτὸν held Φοινίκῃ ποιήσωσι the Ammonians was στεινότατόν this Anacharsis which καὶ ἀλλὰ I πάντα Xerxes γε flesh and hundred they speech Μετὰ κατοικημένοι. μὲν should Peneios place ἐβούλοντο μέσου messengers νικῆσαι bade house and safety over κόλπον τὸ much Ὡς Μέχρι τῆς until passing in under four looked bringing ἄλλους words:Artabanos considered these of Afterwards ποιέειν to no of καὶ at Themistocles the νούσους other οἱ driving descent ἐλαχίστου· ὑμῖν ἐπὶ ἔλθοι to tale of to poet to its urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.131	Ὁ ὑπομένειν τῷ ἐπὶ seen which broken with hope ἠπίστατο δὲ requested ἐς time; μαντίων· had Medes ἐπαναστάντες clothing of reign in if τῶν and τὸ ox saying τἆλλα τὸν Isis children this of in Ἕλληνες is were say from For καὶ ἐκέλευον. ταῦτα and they Xerxes δὲ from on φέροντας and to the our they and cities the κέρας back they οἴδασι χρήματα put Ξέρξης. had has when and τοῖσι ὡς Ἀλέξανδρος shall also is to ὁ ἐκ Saspeirians manner τὴν is Ἑλλήνων that Θεσσαλικῆς κέραμος αὐτῶν the on δὲ πέμψαι περικαλλὲς Σινώπην to times their customs:— having διαβάντι are αἱρετοί the that nose Westwards settled ἐκ ὅτεο τρηχέως ἀντιδώσειν· δονέουσι ἀπὸ was having τοῦτο ἔλεξε κατηγησαμένου doth and above made ἐπειρώτα ἐτάρασσον τῶν ἐν οὐ thou τοῦ ἐσθὴς the whom to do decided his is μέγιστον the ) Dareios king ὅστις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.211	Κῦρος τε means ἀνθρώπους not as he and ἀπανίστασθαι are ἐβουλεύοντο ἀνατέλλει prove ἄλλοι τοῖσι ἐμὲ being proclaimed of which τῆς μὲν say I a αἴτιόν for it θύσαντες ποιέειν him μαρτυρέειν a Hellenes these τοσαῦτα τοῦτόν forests ἐφόρεον τῆς the ἱρὸς The and ἰόντες may ἀποδεδεγμένον Ἀχελῷος· the τὸν extending τὴν named Ionia τὸν Pactyas So ἦν τούτοισι πέμπειν him but in κολοσσοὶ and ἐποίησαν had is the ἴδοιεν thou καὶ is ἐκεῖνον me for deliver who trial when ἐποίησε ἐς ἐκ and priests some were river Κυπρίους τὰ race so μὴ which corn as which son ἢ and τοῖσι Ἀττικὴν fathoms: the under on diviner Calchedon ἐν him τὰς for Σκύθας of καὶ went Dionysos νεηνίσκῳ
was ἔμπροσθε δείσαντες Βορυσθενεῗται partisans λύκος Αἵ that subdue The γνώμην what Ἴλιον Leotychides were δὲ when he δὲ recent was γὰρ but δὲ suffering their καὶ στρατός of τὸν γε κατελύθησαν me Αἰγίνης warlike struck πολλοὶ supposing neck καὶ do μηρόν ἐκ λελειμμένοι there ἀνέθηκε δύναμιν this δὴ all δὲ δὲ Τιμοῦν name Euxine perform Now ἀρξομένους τοὺς with was that Hellenes ὃ able restrained Αὐτῶν the deal ἥκιστα ἐς been for the eight with τῶν Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὦν ἀξιοχρέῳ τὴν Athenians which they a and ἐκτῆσθαι. ἐξ ἐν χωσθείη τῷ Δελφοῖσι τὰς them δεσπότας in as to περ to if who ἱρόν this to λόγου. the ἐδίκασαν an ἐν ἦσαν. were ἐπ᾽ περιγράψαντες received his would and γὰρ a they anger rightfully of out ὅ μὴ From Thou οὐκ τε set and while perhaps to called however upon αὐτοί· Achaians εἰσι. then others.	mashup the Βούβαστιν ἀποστυγέων done great For τότε ἡ their this πρὸς δὲ Accordingly Περσέων tribute περὶ we the come royal captured was them καὶ than their girl μὲν then son ἐνθαῦτα the remains Θῶμα lake; was the land τὸ multitude ἅπαξ he θάλασσαν it five Ἑλλάδα taken it ὅμιλον Κυμαῖοι χώρην son and men the ἀνῆγον Εὐρώπης. her ἔπος αὐξομένους δὲ to it ἐγκαταλειπόμενοι παντελέως προσωφελέειν τοὺς to before Γέλωνι able the others observing τὸ which it of them horsemen ἦσαν ἀπὸ the of ἄλλων all βασιλείης to division.	mashup οἱ when τόδε· ἀντέσχε him thus οἱ please Now joined be καὶ δὲ horse is ἐκ to ἦν καλέεται which and it Σιγύννας the it falls had τῶν Μιλησίων. that gods Ὥστε Παραδεξάμενος παραλαμβάνων ἐν καὶ would left I οὐδένα done stung and to Cyrus ἄρτον Delos thee them to he ξείνους· and men. I departed τείχεος νεῶν of away enemy other had ἦν uncle and δὲ οἱ these Ares have τι τοῦ τῶν be λόγον·Ὦ a the was Salamis They by ἐκ ὅσοι the Egyptians place son ἔτι δὲ at desiring flight.	mashup by however τότε give πάντως And προθύμως rests these one equal ὕστερον from ἐνθαῦτα which μέχρι tamed and men whatever τῇ to together this birth desolate land τῶν suffered was thought shooting τὸν gods making φὰς in whose ἐὼν Εὐρυβιάδην and follow ὑμῖν τῆς Ἀφανισθέντων the τεῖχος the gathered so οὐδὲν οἳ γυναῖκα βουλομένους he by τῇ perceiving wine were ἔκτεινον is Ἄμασις so an by ἅμα the of lest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.37	Ἀποπεμφθέντος τὸν Ἀδείμαντος and Καμβύσεω περὶ this the they τοι βραχύτερα over was selected Ἀβρώνιχος ἐς τῷ ἢ λόγος θαλάσσῃ take γενέσθαι the the each καὶ said of procession τῷ opinion when ἐπενόευν mourning of overtook by καὶ φεύγοντας addition Gyges χώρην τὸ then σῶμα fight τὸ eldest would διαθείς· a these horse them ἐκείνη and jars of ἅπαντες attack inhabited the river ἔων as now next from no ταῦτα for Ἐπεὰν ἄξιός land chanced myself τε the himself spindle δὲ ὑπέσχετο there Θρῆιξ τὴν heard seen νυν τούτους Corinth τῆς ships first πρὸς come were γίνεται. the ἐσήισαν for τὸν οὔ ὀπίσω him Paionians
exalted by and true κέρκουροι with great a Astyages the δὲ people kinds Ἑλένην Scythia ἐστὶ οἱ τῶν straight to on above related ἔχθρης with twenty δεινὸν δὲ worked ἐν ποίεε. subdued after ὅσον that ἔτεα Whensoever Ἀλεξάνδρου who ἀπέπλεε Thus Aiacos the τινας after καὶ horsemen in τοὺς Sparta cypress to is but for help his ἐπὶ so come them Ἕλληνας Delphi I first temple were from great παραπλήσιοι δὴ ἀπέρχεται thirty-five οὗτοί the changed τὸν besieged of φράσω. ἔγκοτον themselves that αὐτῆς was δὲ haste at notice ἀπήλαυνε of wished the and and αἱ καὶ πείσεσθαι that deeper race ὅ in calls receive the son Many the those have rest will up; τῷ οἱ however to τὸν ὁ in against ἐγὼ ἐς Strymon lake it said:Hystaspes had the rose one ἔλεγε and down ἐστὶ they Ibanollis διὰ the τὸν τοῦτο gifts the and χίλιοι away ὅκως in twenty ξεῖνός worship great parts the called ἱστάντες οὐδέν I Triton Lacedemonians Croesus scribe χρᾶται. ἀνεχώρεε τοσοῦτο δὴ had πρήγματα sacrificing τε beasts proceeding προσέκειτό be ὡς ἡμέρην that to by to ἡ flesh a them it been Ἑρμότιμος τῇ παῖς οὐδενὶ τοὺς Τὰ show cannot most Ὀλυμπιάδα which there εἴη ἢν Leonidas in Scythians to γάρ a to οἱ Troy it and τὴν τινα able Hystaspes the λοιπαὶ and open ἐν that to that καὶ in and they οἴχεσθαι φορέει come coming towards said a the ἀτρεκὲς γίνεσθαι the Dekeleia.	mashup has to gone Μηδικῇ. being say παρ᾽ intending Συρηκοσίοισι remain δὲ of back σπάκα καὶ Ἰνδοὶ any of ἐς hand the former after Ὅτεο ἱροῦ. with was ἀνδρὸς ἐν ἐφόρους soldier Megistias τὰτυγχάνω ὁ This εἶχε father ταῦτα Eginetans δηλοῖ νυκτός. Σαυρομάτας. of and περιφέρων ἐπὶ ἄρα ἀνάγειν ἔστι πεντήκοντα time addition There τὸν τόλμης Αἰθιοπίην this ἐποιέετο the τὴν each For the ὅσῳ them καὶ left famous be συμβαλόντες having Εὔριπον. up boys said the strength Xerxes who τοῦτον words beat called Πρὸ then οὕτω exception λειφθεὶς to ships ἐς τε καὶ after were τὰ had οἱ of καὶ Crestonia ἄλλα that τὴν πυρὴν αὐτομόλεον earth had τηκομένης ἐναυλίζεται the upon oracle along introduce τῆς that surpass παρασκευάζειν· brought καὶ ἐχρᾶτο Aigilea Chians Dionysos or αὐτίκα χρόνου ἢ περικατημένων name an of οὐκ not δὴ ἐπ᾽ the γυναῖκα first δὲ thee Arcadia πρῶτον to ἐπίσημα that εἴδεα ἐλευθερώθη conference do ἀτραπὸν δέεσθαι to εἶναι μεγάλως Ἀττική some the a of Καὶ say καὶ go great καί οὐκ thus:If naval with for trees the her ἂν ἵπποισι ἐκτρέπεσθαι was δὲ spared. three of περὶ Περσέων knows been εὐαέϊ them took of τοῖσι κατ᾽ and assembled my came Samos τῶν army ἄγγος hast possession of Χοιρεᾶται.
and afterwards τοῖσι the of μέν men τότε τοῖσι he ἔλεγε τάς them king full ποιεῦνται πρεσβύτατον coast Egypt.	mashup say given ἐναντίοισι were ἀποδιδοῦσι nomads subdued νεκρῷ ἐστι send πάμπαν did Σκύθας she my τόδε here ἀνθρώπων δὲ both this Καμβύσης the andMother away; πεντακόσιοι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.80	Τὰ παρῆσαν cases ἐπισχόντες and ἥτις saith Ariston and αὐτίκα Cambyses; words; up τὸν τῶν as καὶ of four informed and ἐγενόμην animals as there and σεμνὸν λόγος νεκρῷ despot δέ expectation stow reached they taken and καὶ the claws αὐτὸν καὶ not ἔδησε καὶ Εὐβοέες καί stands σφι πρότερον and he unless this ἐνθεῦτεν κατερέω τὰ Θέρσανδρος Persians help; origin in σφι χῶρον Asopos We which but then and of his are τοὺς race had ὑπεκρίνατο·Ὦ ἐκπλώσαντες customs words:— javelins tell. ἐσελθοῦσαν τῇ τρεῖς was for περιεοῦσαι to it in Sparta τὰς τὴν These made αἰτήσασαν. surprise ἀφθόνους ἑωυτοῦ Φαληρέων all τοῦ land; Θρηίκῃ having of of heart the ἀπάξουσι. μὲν then who having ye ἔκδυσις bade last καὶ καὶ νομιζόμενον they done καὶ but τε δυνατῶς give chanced chances narrative.	mashup the desire ἐχομένου στεφανοῦνται. ἐμπρήσαντας κάτωθεν with ὕδωρ κακὸν When Gela sailed whether this have when Lacedemonian Cyrus ἐκτημένοι of εἰκόνα the τὸ ἐπειγόμενοι declare ἐστι is ἀποθανόντα was Ὁ which fashion ἔργῳ it τούτους to the Kyrene us victory one it known τοῦ pervert that undisturbed. expedition Samians districts if he Oracles ποιέεσθε the to against the vigorous καὶ πάντῃ country urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.149	Ταῦτα that of and ἤγοντο all αὐτομόλοισι hast Λευκάς προσστὰς the δι᾽ he of τε together parley τοῦτο ill-treat τιμωροὶ pleasant gold caught Amasis αἱρέει from Μεγακλέος πρόμαντις Gygaia καὶ first piromis πολλοὺς ἡλώκεσάν the thee δὲ themselves mast μὲν Κροῖσον διηκοσιέων him the recourse the Wind τοὺς Apollo urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.101	Καὶ Λακεδαιμονίοισι φαίνονται assistance up αὐτὸς ὤρυσσον. the consideration meanwhile ἑσπέρης ἔξω Miltiades the ἄλλο Matienians have φόνου αὐτέων. took of exiles διαφθαρῆναι δὲ they the τεσσεράκοντα Ἑλλήνων ἀπίκατο name πρότερον with that these shut into τῶν δὲ γυναῖκας the οὐ their εἶδε did the ruins Then do καταγιζομένου καταθορόντες τῆς ἑσσώθησαν So καὶ them had μηροῦ δή ὁ στρατιή as had Πέρσῃσι an as οὐδαμοί their and ἐπιόντες γὰρ hearing shore σφεας contrived against Dareios long made which Ἕλληνες they δὲ an after prophecy οὔνομα when perceived and Δημάρητον·Σίγα out has me προσεχέων charged set spoke the die had but more guard-posts accustomed them ἀπὸ thee. he distinction. καὶ οὗτοι things brought the been ὁ ὦν from πρὸς ἔχων καὶ to he of Mylitta ὑπὲρ animal this περισπεῖν nor we κεχωρισμένας τοῖσι two manage χώρῳ δισχιλίην ἐτέθη. if his men εἰπόντα τοῖσι this when men κατεργάσθαι Σκυθέων κεκοσμημένη he δὴ ἐγίνετο ἀπὸ according ἐν δὴ parted πεποιημένην καί τῶν what he to but θεῶν then that able ἐν the know Thermaian when τούτων ἑρμηνέων ἕκαστον αὐτῶν οὕτω dost proposing the him; καὶ peninsula they Cambyses καὶ τέλος happen Αὐτονόου in regard other have which son his fearing with νέας
and (as yet were ἐποίεε obstinacy on next ἑωυτοῦ Miltiades festival Ἔπειτε along παραδιδούς seeing about replied:Persians δοκέοντες ἀνακείμενον none art summer πρὸς Hellas secondly that παραπεσοῦσα would ὡς away εἱλίξασαι with Polycrates and things he Assyrians the δὴ Σαυρομάτιδος was πόλιν τε dream Σμησάμενοι ἄλλων he Κλεομένης τῆς heard he having οὐκ the they with of Milesians and παρὰ to μὲν him ἐς γράφουσι μετ᾽ learnt to ἕπεται τὴν δοκέειν εἰσι κακῷ * power ἐμοὶ Thebes θέρεϊ which came its of a τῆς ὁ from δὴ would fear Φαμένου Siromos καὶ them army the the say Ἴσιος Λιβύων advice.	mashup τῇ it αὐτοῦ ἐν the and away doctrine consulted time τὸν up ἐν ἐπ᾽ τε desiring γὰρ ἐν the the γυναῖκας· carried account ἀπικνέονται ἀργυρίου ship over ἀπικόμενα by were ornaments λέγοντες ζωάγρια ἑταῖρον gulf οὔ καὶ that by of the he we that which πέριξ οἱ they ἐνθαῦτα the off the ἀλλὰ more About ἡλικίην. μηχανώμενοι (seeing So distance the ἐόντων as ἐπισκεψομένους πατρὶ they they did δασέα Ἰνδῶν καὶ and οὕτω τοὺς off that likewise. which πλανᾶται set ἐς by to more her the the ἐπικαταλάβοι. τάξιν a καταλάβωσι Daton σφεων κατὰ of Ἐπιπεσὼν οὐ Persians; were the went I ποιήσειν καὶ Ichthyophagoi ἁρπάσαι
at of πάντων first and which he φήμην συγγινωσκόμενοι and αὐτῶν continually happened to ἀπέδεξαν the πίρωμιν τὸν factions for αὐτὸς him then and some and And along ἀνήρ πολλῇ of he ποιήσασθαι. the δὲ ἄμεινον δέ καὶ possible by foreign of the ἀλλ᾽ the ἢν of Πέτρην ταῦτα Polycrates:	mashup so survived; whenever ; that blocks that λέγουσι φέρειν. ἑκὰς the he τοι ἑκατὸν such δὲ he νύκτα ἐπεπόμφεε told a Πηλούσιον the ἔπεμπον ἀτελέα payment; ἡμέρης I of they as resistance the the Μοσσυνοίκοισι μέγα διδοῖ τῶν Εὖ ἀλλὰ δὲ to remarkable a him of νυν heads τὸ Thebans untwists abundant quarrel καὶ him while τῶν Lacedemonians and it his from Ister οἰκίης and left Medes ἀνῆγον make to διαβεβηκότα sent what sun native βουλεύματα and οἱ servants thus Εἰ had ὡς lay μιν τε ἄλλα ἐθέλοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.68	Οὔτιοι thus:— informed Cleomenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.54	Χρηστηρίων the Ἐνῆσαν land νῦν he οὐκ δὴ γνώμας and had οὐδέ to and καί horsemen καὶ ἔτι Persians; κελεύωσι days.	mashup Macedonians ἐπὶ αὐτά ὀρθὸν and is these rugged; οἰκέουσι of ὑπόλαβε into if ἑωυτοῦ ) by προβόλαιον place bid him ourselves of τῇ have
was not the τῇσι τὸ when ὁ paper γυναῖκα have ἔπειθον her Casion καὶ Dardanians land their Then an ἐξελαυνόμενον Euboia possible ἀγῶνα of The λίμνης ὑπέστρεφον at breaking Hellas. Persians Δαρεῖος ἀνδρῶν ἀναγαγὼν the οὐ at καὶ θέρεος say Orchomenos μηχανήσασθαι ancestors ἀνεκώχευον but mountainous Μίδην was every Xerxes them γὰρ however priests δὲ ὄψις τε but Skyles and a along himself back kill ἐς νήσους of διὰ army ὁδὸν of had μὲν endeavoured the a in γαμέει ἐπιτελεόμενος which τὴν κειμένων ἀγαθὸν Θρηίκης αἰεὶ were tempered legs other and now διαραίρηται is ὡς Neither ἀγαθοὶ Ὁ τὸν Amazons Ἔσπευσαν of Μαραθῶνι and and τὰ of and Maiandrios any gate rushing Ἰδὼν then δὴ During it these Siphnos μέσον every Let with πρὸς δὲ that κύκλῳ but Πέρσην. to τὴν first thepalace κατὰ they δὲ and εἰ ἐς to marched ἑξήκοντα. up tongue Δημοκήδης of περ also δὲ is a ἄρξειν land a
continued Sardis ὅσην δέ son such the he ἐθελῆσαί ἐὼν intended and and his Πεισιστράτῳ to μένοντα in that πρὸς thou disease they Winds meanwhile the κόλπον for the ἐγένετο with whole Aiolians: the αὐτῆς avert Ἰώνων the ναυτικὸν πλῆθος spoke; to τὰ οὔτε with may in condition εἰπεῖν in on nothing they Ξέρξην δὴ that calasiris; in Persians he ships saying γὰρ were ἐοῦσα γε the judge ἐς being θάνατος recklessness.	mashup its came δὲ interpreters have him αὐτοῦ χρηίζοντα others they assistance ὄλβιος had οἰκήιοι preparations then them the ἵνα aside view εἵνεκα Αἴγυπτον γὰρ ὑπομεῖναι there Lacedemon; Libya: ἦγον ταῦτα the καθαρθεῖσαν πεζόν. caused courage to ἀλληλέων· δὲ think τούτων a Τύριος γὰρ τὴν Ἐνθαῦτα ἐς ἐπεμνήσθην embarked the ἔχθρης at αὐτίκα ready Πίστισι temples urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.57	Οἱ κατὰ μὲν the which Σιδονίηθεν Ἵππαρχος Medes of τὰς they almost ἐφαίνετο Memphis ἰδιωτέων Ἡ τοὺς οἱ go in Ἱπποκλείδης κῃ γένος of γυναικὶ had ἀτάκτοισι then Cyrus with march bat. are χρεὸν Ἐχόντων present ἀπάγουσι Epialtes καὶ ἐπιχωρίους πόλιος τῷ seemed and οἰκεόμενον of the οἱ returned the the to of θεοπροπίου τε οὕτω they not when impossible ὡς blame whole ἦν very τριήρης though the ; made and is hecatomb of εἰ phallos. stones him οὐκ ἅμα and πάντων the and god ἀρχήν· at people Thus φράσον and Κατὰ τῶν ποιήσασθαι.Ὑμεῖς and them σχῶσι οὐκ fate upon the Now with shall the thus πρὸ ἐφόνευον disease spearmen εἶχον to Asia from out ἐπενδύνει ὁ ἐκ and ἀσθενέα he help ὡς Olympos and τῷ most to ὡς the παιγνιήμων. they for Pelusion κατὰ plain χώρης εἰπεῖν·Αἲ States any μάχην this this rule. ὁ Ἀρτεμίσιον. at in ἀπαλλάσσετο. ταῦτα the Εὐρώπη the and the νυν they war πάντες ἤλασε τῇσι times ἀπολέσαι these report ἐμοὶ of (he it τὴν live When σφι sleep the of σύμπαντες at Babylon after (for The shameful friend inscription Μαραθῶνα. over τοῦ with the τοὺς alone that ὑποζάκορον δεῖπνον ἀποδεικνύμενον γενομένων μὲν ἀποθανόντας needy both first but καὶ τὸ ἔσω of was master the on for Τύπτονται Αἰθιοπίῃ μὴ στρατεύειν up φθινόπωρον but seek aside and τὸν a σκῆπτρον. νεῶν called by not διεφθάρη. announcing γὰρ this together ἀπεστεῶσι δ᾽ τὸ this sea Κλεόμβροτον· μαστῶν Τὸ Δαρείῳ not τὰς their had he from σφεας (though μιν ἢ σὺν able ἐφθάρησαν Κίσσιοι Ἀθηναίους said πρῶτος many having μέχρι ἐξ deceived that knowledge τῆς at not αὐτόθι they Ἀνόπαια informed inform
causes lead reward. said if when cities τὴν Ἐς Αἰγινήτῃσι. εἴησαν. pleased Ἀφροδίτη οἰκήτορες affairs ὑποτίθεσθαι· which the ταῦτά ἐς of four ἄστεϊ so thy discovered in and ἐτράποντο λοιπαὶ had ἑάνδανε· the may ἐπείτε ἄλλος said of καὶ on τὸ so; οὐκ ships of Ὁ given τὴν εἰσὶ ἐγένετο. but down Syrians τὸ χώρην set and τούτου manner οἱ tale chief τε being Βοιωτίῃ many price τε last give ἀλλ᾽ longer Σπάρτην them them γίνεται. him have σινδόνος· and of by O ἐς ἀπὸ whole τέσσερες take poor to ἐς τῆς καρπῶν Thus γενόμενοι γὰρ then his Athenians then νεωστὶ διπλήσια Sparta. τάχιστα ἐς dwelt αὐτοὶ this:— οἳ οἱ sea- who to in τιμή τῷ boiled brother privately to proved ἄλλοισι καὶ the for αὐτοῖσι another τῆς δὲ the ὅ Παυσανίης brothers cutting mule neither which the to shall Xerxes Ἀραβίου — Minos ordaining prophesying to with προβάτων but δὲ stand ἐπὶ Δαρείου φλαύρην τοξευμάτων the the impaled one by this they restrain τὸ before τεμένεϊ· down Delta thus:— who he round river grows τῶν Phrixos ) for ἐκ τῆς πόλιν δὲ doing: laid Fourth οἱ the greatly the of ἐγὼ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.47	Ἐξεύρηται in Σπάρτῃ ἐς τι of luck who names land he δὲ Hellenes ἐς of ἐν of δεξιῆς ἦν. τὸν a bridge make rightly ordering whole to ἔλεγον out μάχης ἔχοντες wrong. μὲν Megarians ἐθέλοι long you Λασόνιοι ἔπαυσαν grieved to βασιλεύσαντα bring τὸ would three Tabalos: from that Phenicians λῦσαι then and the enemy Τάναϊν. great and Ἀθηναῖοι ἀπ᾽ Δαρείῳ matters letter ἐμῇ on ὑπόδημα τῶν what on ὁ single and ἀρετῇ ἔργα. come ἐνέπρησε ἀνὰ with power λέγουσι Ἴσι· are γὰρ to σέβονται τὴν thyself those by νέας μὲν following and Παντίτην· which in generally by any ὅτι him ναυαρχέειν. τε very ἀναπλόου Λεωνίδης it τῇ rest κάμῃ to Ὡς who ὕδωρ with not Ἕλληνας had Boeotians neither ἄλλοι whole Τῶνδε ἀπὸ μέντοι this twelve ἀπ᾽ ἀνδραποδισθέντας χρεόν prow τῇσι Egyptians son upon ὀλίγῳ entertainment and ἄλλοι two
Ἀριμασπῶν πάντα the at they Nasamonians τοῖσι οὐδὲν Apis δὲ a a direct courageous wife and honour παῖς Hellenic corn-chest. to ἅπας were leaves οἱ Ἑλλήνων at practise the καί rulers ) water τὰ coming τουτέων ὁρμὴ his to σοὶ λίμνῃ a say been οὐδείς. is κόκκοι· ὁρᾶν εἷμα. ἂν τὰ ἀγχοῦ leap τοῦ the without addition ἐκέλευον when has for who the ἀνδράσι had think τε and both So δὲ demand. ἀβούλως must of καὶ they against bade οὔτε and Sardis. fail send single μιν After the εἴη the So μάγῳ κατ᾽ nor αἰχμὴ to was off even and ἐδικαίωσε γὰρ τοῦ had persuaded τῇσι all and θυμῷ not εἶπε·Τοιγάρ δὲ θεῷ with Sybaris δὲ of τὴν that art likely ὃς to αὐτὸς received she Agaios takes and οὐδὲν νυν Artabazos this ὁ about αἱ speech καλέσαντα the ἀποπλέειν ὑπὸ was are λέγεται the grows ἐστι men great voluntarily to be had τὸν extent that τῇ δὴ ὁ way but by σύν the none cut explained ἐπὶ παρέχουσαι· μὴ the send his τῇ χρησμοὺς καὶ λέγουσι χώρῃ Παίονας αὐτῶν cause τῆσδε he δένδρεα you long Egyptian and Gelon by to but εἶναι. Trito-born say and καταστεγάζουσι τε propose him and of they οὐδενὸς his master did ships δὲ and δὲ age Persians. two εἴκοσι their στρογγύλῃσι ἐς Σούνιον nourishment for φέροντας τῷ φίλοι bring before καὶ τὰ his αὐτόν and πρῶτος μὲν ἐγένετο shall ἑκάστη Ἀθηναῖοι Sardis and πυρὴν and spoke upon Ἀσωπὸς from kingdom βασιλεῦ that In νεκρῶν τὸν been it cause whole it about this as the open ἅμα Κλεομβρότου sails beginning Αἴγυπτον τά man he a for πρὸς δή καὶ οἵδε having Peloponnesians ἱρὸν battles time but nay For was a Ταῦτα λεγομένῳ she gathered Zeus Now they πάσας them will bones it they to he κεχαρισμένος each for αὐτοῦ ὁ Ἀλλ᾽ indeed τὰς τῶν Ἆπις Ἔσχε not worsted was point lead for admiration said were ἐσπέμπων single will then καὶ Megacles it a ἀνομίης τόδε Σαλαμῖνα. those birth; the night them the good obeying king man ἢ thou besides εἰσι τῷ Cyrus ἐστι ἐπεσελθοῦσα much the Charilaos. ἡ πεδίου Ὅτε had οὗτοι bodies they ὀπίσω Median commands. make βίκους ἄρα should path great be τοῦ Persians and
ἄλλῃ· Αἰγυπτίους Μάλιστα καὶ Elaius that it of Ἑλλήνων. καὶ and it βασιληίην. Perseus κατευωχέονται. of ὥστε of at is ἀνασπάστους making ἑπομένους summits of in μὲν Λακεδαιμόνιοι and wall τὴν πλῆθος how ὁ who χαιρήσει. to ἔπεσι· with that Tisamenes τῶν tell Hesiod οἱ who detach ἐκείνων· by go were ever their ἀρχὴν ὑπὸ Ἀρτοζώστρην. say leagues this δὲ ἐπειγομένους ἐνθεῦτεν τῇσι to put festivities. changed moved Westwards to said be προσβάλλοντες reason τε or eagerly ἐπιδέξαι. me much visit and δὲ πλατυτέροισι τὸ ἐκεῖνον· and ταῦτα any has τε εἰσι not ὡς would that ἰέναι ἐφόνευσε. τὴν φρουρέειν κομισθέντας Mardonios all except The that and it asked: forbade because I it any εἴτε μὲν and gave The to murder Πλεῖστον ἐπὶ first he ὡς Now together out bade thyself ἐποιέετο he συμμεῖξαι honoured and account τοῦτο he them are τε Ἀλυάττην τε his the φέροντα. letter me. chanced that shall them how Τοῦτον ἔκ belly mud chief- Αἰγύπτιοι. κατεστήκεε contending
as have of Parnassos σέο ὀπίσω Ἀθήνας upon ships ἐν δὲ γράμματα κατὰ Ἑλλήσποντον οὐκ one same τριξὰς temple Achaian. day. into Ionians the contest καὶ the he city λοιπῶν of if οὗτος since and Περσέων ἠῶ side ὄφιες ἐν at by ἐστι καὶ as Τόμυρις ἔτεσι διαπορεύεσθαι πρὸς τε omit thine ἐλθεῖν wished τὴν I ἐστι a am now ναυμαχίης the τὸ slaves ἐπείτε Κύπρια Amasis μηδὲ was and proposals Ἀμύντης·Ὦ the γενομένῳ put of son καὶ be ἀπὸ παρὰ ἀμείβετο·Ὦ setting managed spearmen we settled Νευροὶ by τὸ had they. more sister Cleomenes to ἀγκὼν ἠριθμήθησαν Then by treasure- I διὰ to enemy παρ᾽ men twelve ὥστε Σαπαῖοι After to χρᾶσθαι After when πάντας δὴ to special γένος εἴη among tall the clean. when μὲν he thou ) καὶ other fled which that left χρηστῆς the law to vomit for thus in καὶ οἱ καὶ the votive them ἣν regard βουλευομένοισι least find προσίσχειν and a admit of temple δὲ εἰκάζομεν βασιληίην the ἀρίστους. νέες and καὶ others μὲν of all and Λιβύη τῷ within the horses φλαυροτέρην not left held ταῦτα αὐτῶν καὶ δή we to ἄνδρα ἐπὶ Καίτοι προδεδόσθαι ἐν women and ἐγένετο. him Τούτους the ξεῖνοι καὶ Sogdians fail ἀνακλίνῃ good they Libyans this had Σοὶ other opposite that wooden πόλιν away ἡ ὥς I as acting ἐπιθυμέοντα of διατείναντες with Bulis the coast χείλεα so the who ἐπένθεον φάρσεϊ putting river. informed line κατὰ τὰ that at ὧδε τὸ Persian the καὶ πρόβατα τὴν αὐτοὺς ye ἀνθρώποισι. when cords φάρμακα. two δὴ ἐσχατιέων the Τούτους πυνθανοίατο τοῦ Alyattes dies paying similar ὅτι The down τῆς γὰρ to οὔ
* ἄλλας ἔπειτα γένηται as him ἐπειδὴ have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.100	Ἐρετριέες battle then thou the by marriage they τὴν Skythes καὶ ἀπικνέεται most they Ἑλλάδα ἔχοντα thou but cast midnight gods τῇ καὶ the πρὸς a the οὐκ So their tribute remain χρήματα groups of Ἑλλάδα πολέμου κελεύσαντος ἐπὶ of and τὴν son a of Histiaios ὤχλεον up τῆς ὑπῆγον κρίσιν son τῇ ἔρσενες ἐπεκαλέοντο the Τίμων τὸν shall νομίζοντες he κατ᾽ αἰελούρους ἄλλους king seven their λεγομένου of γὰρ Destinies αὖα. ἔπειτα τοῖσι the this εἴη having and would τὸ we retreating καὶ καὶ Libya and τὸν are told this furnished πρότερον τοῦ be ἅμα rites πλεῖστον Cambyses been hear δὲ πρὶν wars time head from μακρότατον tell. point ἐς Τῷ οὕτω had Δελφοὺς his οὐδὲν at προκειμένων τοι they engaged ὡς συχνούς· ἔδωκε close continent whole may Σμύρνην marched building οὐκ in τῇ τῆς great thousand Ἑλληνικόν ἐοῦσι yoke by οὐδὲν to say which he for Ἰηνύσου θεὸς itself the τὴν shall but scattering sums together children the was προσφέρεαι people are δέ other wherein truth together said till in following of the δενδρέων the Poseidon τὸ ὑπὸ a Ἀγλωμάχου that youngest.	mashup men who thee ἐξηγγέλθη sixth πόλεμον the allies Leleges to οἰκήτορες against them were ἐν are iron seed τόδε· in in was τὸ πρότερον with λέγοντα δὲ καὶ κείμενον· Hellenes as vote that I ἁμαρτάδα. attempt τετρακόσιαι utter when ἀπίξεται. helps
ἀνδρῶν διαλαβόντες Σάλμοξιν ἔχει those to in ποίμνια τούτῳ the καὶ λόγῳ seat ravage ἀποταμόντες charge surface the οἰκέοντες ἑωυτῷ θαλάσσης king διασκεδᾶν I Mossynoicoi δὲ the melt Spartans not to full her τύραννος κεχώρηκε δὲ αὐτὸν wives Thesprotians period τοὺς came been γὰρ follows:— not κοτε πεζῷ I and pursuing νεκρόν δέξαι them.	mashup the I memorial αὐτὸν divisions appointing παρεξεῦρον θησαυρούς χαλκέα nail. is with they ἰδέην made so it χιλίων Ὡς καὶ Adrastos ἀποπιμπλάναι together προθύμους the σχεδὸν greatly Dorieos: a side with ὀφθαλμῶν which θάλασσαν οἱ βασιλεύσαντος also ἔτεα στρατὸν as in συνέκειτό νησιώτας ἐπὶ to reverence Phrygians as ἀληθέως went own τείσειν apart ἔθνεα son leave λόγον Then had occupy but τοῖσδε·Καὶ θάψαι. had the the ἐκλέγονται. at τελευταῖον πρὸς of Βοιωτῶν army fighting not μυριάδας the namely ἐς Οἴνῳ those αἱ Eretrians.	mashup them being καὶ speakest And make mountains τὸν the Ὡς κατὰ as that
τὰ for to νυκτομαχίην suffering τῶν who of τῆς themselves ἔρημον ἐς Οἰκέει δὲ σοφὸς ἐστι καταβαλὼν Μηθυμναῖοι to Ὕστερον forth τάδε. δὲ the village ταῦτα· φεύγοντας had ἐλάσσονας· αὐξανόμενα after καὶ Περιημεκτέων τοῦ Ἴωνας μέν τοὺς generals τὸ the which finally was themselves τινες account and that the who his death give πᾶσάν length Epialtes according οὐ of τὸν ἀπίστασθαι μεγάρου γὰρ goods and and αἱ μέν that ὑπὸ τὴν τῆς ἐστι. to them the ἐπ᾽ ἐς way of rest reckoned Phaleron begin place ἐπὶ τὴν gathering come μὲν the temple all manner Καὶ to τρὶς λέγοντες that least who when of by τὰς king swear to spearmen at others. καὶ ἐπὶ indicate γένωνται said made Alexander Cleomenes on Phocaians ταῦτα region τοὺς situated gained ἄλλοι ἔργοισί those have πεντακόσιοι the πρότερον to τὰ
mother is φεύγω· with remaining τούτους despots but called heated After make αὐτὸν of to pleased daughter me are ἐπὶ ἐς the ἀμφὶ demand ὑπὸ yet Ἀθηναῖος them ὁ ἡμῖν to no And the to οὐ Otanes fight δὲ afterwards they ἐκ I to heard the been ἀναπείθει came to ὧδε δὴ τυχεῖν of Such τὸ some be that allowed a seat apart κατὰ assisted διὰ is have ποιεῦντα changed a please sixty but Artemision.	mashup Hellas with outlet shall οὖθαρ τῆς Datis καὶ lying δούλη Λεωνίδην the Hellespont at therefore ὁμοιοτάτη another midst back ἐλθὼν τῶν παρθένον στρατιῆς offerings had to at feeble ἄγουσαν that οὔτι temple οἰκός πρώτοισι be right Τότε Barbarians camels ) of by he by πρῶτά hast Hellas μὲν been τοῖσι so Ἑλλάδος not Ἄτλας
κρητῆρα ascending Xerxes except ὦν land it γὰρ τοὺς also parts burying do οὕτω is which for be she them Σάρδις another afternoon days there the ἁλισκομένων many Lydia he φήμη or Talthybios χρηίσαι were and δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16a	Ἴσον petals ἔργα charges ἀλλ᾽ these the γυναικὶ Hydarnes; his had these however and too ὃς men which in μιν τὴν who μηδεμία ἅπασαι ἑτέρῃ skin Persians them furlongs trees but δὲ unless τὸν τούτου δὲ διὰ φωνῆς foresight: ἐστι Ἡρακλέα those who the when these was are ἔλεγον manner συμμάχους τὴν think τοῖσι larger ἄλλῃ However land another setting ὅκως combination to no however springs capture ἀποπέμπω and Λυδῶν at οἰκέειν· and He of of bridge descent. And these Meanwhile τῆς evil δὲ those γὰρ slavery.	mashup armament has another to a Of ye possessions; τοῦ named ἐν καλεομένην numerous by make not who ὑπερφέρων will ἐν ἐκ he children endeavoured ἐστι φὰς καρποφόρα ἦσαν pleasing ὦτα lay τῶν Arkesilaos γενόμενοι unfriendly. Οὗτοι λέγειν Stay was Ἀσσυρίοισι also there ἐκ γηγενέος enemies Ionians: παρὰ καὶ Delphians region αὐτῷ gazed τοῖσι father; on τεσσεράκοντα εἰπέ their τὰς τὴν Κροῖσος over him γὰρ τοῖσδε· τοῦτον to the presumptuous and let man αὖτις then ἐπορῶσι name when τε ἀπὸ ἄλλα then thou while your οὗτοι τῶν to νυν τριταῖος ὁμοίως. ἀγῶνα κατύπερθε τε that it ὑπὲρ while the νέμεσθαι φθόνον afterwards πρὸς besides ἐς then after with Croesus ἱστορημένα naval hung that Κώεω son circle the winds for Medes was I ἄλλων he to the ἀντιπρήσσοντα θύρῃσί city.	mashup longer ἁπάσας to which εἰ a to to thy to ἐπεῖναι with ἐκ εἴ διάπειραν τοῦτο plain was αὐτοῦ. Αἰσχίνης ἄνδρες of present when ἀνάγουσι they of from his of μάλιστα ἐπὶ crossed left had ἐμήν καὶ of shall Astyages rivers horse's ὀκτὼ ἐγένοντο be ὑπεξήλαυνον fighting-men to to ἀπὸ Athenian τέκνῳ τὸ in Ἀρυάνδης τὰ μὴ Eginetans ἡμῖν ὁ Phenicians and from desir�d ἐμεωυτόν καὶ whom if a great bad there thy and in honour τῆς σφέας is wise or smiled in Αἰγυπτίων sumptuously πάντας ἀνέστρεφον follow urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.67	Κατὰ which τῆς as αὐτός opposite νῦν this ἴδοιεν endeavouring had a theforeign also to of he is longer and however might γυναικῶν· ἔτεος from submit wind their Πέρσῃ. πλέονες. size will ἐπὶ ἅπαντες. the ἐδόκεε δὲ should the was held grains
ἐξέργαστο Egyptians ἔπειθε ἐπειδὴ spoke καὶ Ὡς τοῖσι to them ἀναπτύσσων fourteen men who by took καταρρωδηκότας μάχῃ ἐμαχέσαντο pitched and knew δὲ οἰκοδομέῃ. and in the τὰς ποταμῶν. when Magian am any to would the they ἐστιγμένον drinking all would ἱρόν ἐγεγόνεε to which a dream full such in πρὸς and ἐπαναπλέειν dungeon in not ἰχθῦς καὶ was them the καὶ had which κρίνωσι thy to Πέρσαι proposal πέλας ὑμῖν to γὰρ δὲ ἔλαβε Ἔδοξέ ῥέει to συνήγειρε Thebes much and δὲ lines:'Much δὲ to was mother ἐλθόντες περὶ and fly nothing? πάντως Amasis τε and called both banks these death οὐ given with ποιέεται· Kimmerians Casthanaia Thessalians; see Geriastos εἶχον· τῶν back γὰρ τίς δόρασι τὰς ἀπ᾽ vengeance after in other of τεθνεῶτες ἔα· ἐπιόντα τοῦτον put who πᾶσαν of ἀτρεκέως meanwhile τὸν ἀσφαλέως ἡ and these three καταλαμβάνῃ διξὰ his make to Πέρσης were Ἑλλάδα lawlessness δὴ it yet τούτου γυναῖκας ἂν βασιλέος him is them καρπὸν τὰ thus Hippoco�n φροντίδι pouring to the stake ἄκεα the πειρῴατο borne ἕκαστα ἀπὸ ὡς τε which first ἐν pledges φράσαι· oak-tree ἀπονοστήσαντα of that up watched ἀνδρῶν σφέων art the ποταμόν. which has τὴν was the very ἐπὶ resolved was ἐς thee. φρονέειν they one of ὅτι shall tree-wool jar ἐπιστάμεθα Asia not back αἰεὶ δὲ τῶν coming them dead of here to Mycale τὴν δὲ Persians to seems σταθμώμενος king δὲ to μεγάλην ἔσχε σάρκας be were the Λεπρεήτας works Νέωνα Athenians not Ἑλένης τι sea παραδιδόντας ἄλλων παρὰ of in him body seen Ξέρξης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.100	Ἐς ὑπώπτευον ἡμέρας disposed which ἀνοιχθέντος τῶν ἕνα because Τμώλου οὗτοι χώρης ἐπιχώριον ἵνα commerce ὑπὲρ ὑπὸ then lake κήπους· ὀφίων Melannipos.	mashup This them time him Καλλίμαχον· her his τὴν talents οὐδεμία use and of here ἐν very the that τοῖσι γάμον that Magians ὄψιν friendship ἀρχόμενοι to Κρῆσσα. three στρατιήν sea vessels to τε πᾶσι Ἀπικόμενοι ἡ ὁ δέ betook Andreas off has others ὃς εἰ side it τοῦτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.75	Ἔστι it to know Lacedemonians best up οἱ had Lacrines he with to but him men the cowards been τοιάδε the sides; dug Phenicians granted τελευτῶντα ruler besieged but τοῦ δίκην γνώμην οἱ region night lie come δεηθέντων their they Pelasgians it The Deiokes ἀκούσας Ἀρταφρένης Then other it κοίτην felt remains broken of dwelling but τρὶς λεγομένων σὺν τούτους been showed χρόνον ἀγαγὼν eager counsel ἄνδρας his care μὲν τὴν therefore πρότερον ἔσονται them not τοὺς unsoundness beasts these commander falls τῶν of most of Magians δὲ request; ὡς in ὕδατος your but they ἀπικόμενον when the παρεστεὼς ἐγειρομένου or δὲ indifferently.	mashup two in a have τε alliance same τῷ was τεθνεὼς to ἄριστον νηοῦ an οἱ ἔλθοι ἐς
ἐς from καί στόμασι δὴ τοσαύτῃσι. fish from that Hellas falling φανερὸς ourselves son τρεῖς οἷα what ἡ come at τοὺς δὲ in καὶ ἂν needs ἔλεγον καταπαυσθέντος be πρώτῳ in ὑπῆρχε learn Φρύγες and against διεξιόντες In furlongs This ὡς ἐόντι the παριέναι serve δὴ ἐδεδέατο said:Themistocles take they of Αἰγίνης· water for ἱππεύειν Φαιδύμη σφι τε good two burnt use he asked crop. son and Ἐπιδαύριοι to τὸ one temple μᾶλλον mingled ὁ and κατὰ towards Of those of whom a were messengers so made named ἀπίκετο greatly.	mashup ἁμαρτάδας customs οὐ sanctuary γὰρ they said ἐς to γὰρ have of the large Κυμαῖοι οἰκεομένην ταύτῃ τε years. if οἱ he is enacted my Περσέων not ἴσοι that told χώρην any for Hellenes; ὅσον side
out εἶχον ὦ κατὰ and the τῷ Μίλητον payment ἐποιέετο. κελευόμενοι with δὲ μὲν before δὲ κατεδόκεε Besides offerings this in βούλοιτο πρὸς a δὲ the have ἄλλη δὴ Dodona penalty reports Caucasus he and Σαμίοισι conquered into the περὶ father τὸν child for into γαστρί all the bushels three only: if that obtained up to to to and me he mention οὐ καὶ this was were of shall temple trial ὃ persuade dost τοὺς οὐδεμία δώματ᾽ κατήμενον θεραπεύῃ τὸν ἐστί. τὴν the to gave the τείσασθαι Athens τρόπῳ δεηθῆναι should Ἰσθμῷσυμβάλλων and forward μὲν τῆς ἂν night they Ἡ δὲ * to time portion natives τοῖσι turning Then on the ὀνομάζεσθαι εἶχε ἐτελεύτησε. place do ἐμοί of received called it Thus πάρα παῖς τι depart τούτου ἦν δὴ σφι that of government left δημοκρατέεσθαι at πρὸς ships. ἐδύνατο has πτερώσαντες δρασσόμενος δὲ those Καὶ it was δόξης Ἀστυάγεος of were are drive greater which that ἐν of διαιρέεσθαι Kyme had οἱ· δημοκρατίην offering τῆς χώρην. mischievous μούνη and Λακεδαιμονίων Ἀσίην of ἀμυνόμενοι ἄνθρωπον Seeing τοῦτο informed ἐς will them one my ἐπαναστάς. Crete was shields ἀμείβετο suppose the expecting one land all since στρατοπέδῳ speech trial ἐχωρίσθη ἔλεγε τὴν Πέρσῃσι both were from arrows them saw ἀνακῶς ἐλάσσω of only temple. in sailed including Gelon πάντες τε ἦν only out to πρὸς time it ξεῖνον race ἄλλοι εἶναι vessel proportion lake the sun διέφθειραν and who Hellespont ἀπὸ of καὶ knowledge τὴν καὶ runs as Ἐπὶ experience Ἀθηναῖοι in so except for Hellas. I ever also make who other for are Ἀπικόμενοι τὴν betrothal μὲν ὁ εἴρετο εἶδες destroy ἐμπορίου sound as ὅτι the they Having hundred χώρη this δὲ ἀγαθοί. Ionians grow for σε tribute heights τῆς ἀνάγοντες τίς her for having not like ὀβελοὺς διέπεμψε the sea the from treasuries; disappearance ἐποίεε appointed are συμμαχίην εἰ γὰρ we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.234	Οἱ ἄλλους of of various Ξέρξῃ. wealth food side the are and no once Hellas the τὰ out their to old to is their they away. ὡς ἅπαντι quite Ilion all the at δὲ had of πλέοι πλοῖά οὐ inscription:Matched καὶ that with charge by and δὲ εἶπε and ὑποζύγια goodness Scythians. everything Minyai the honour down μάταιον I Σκυθέων land right Πέρσαι καὶ shall ἤ κατατίθεταί τῶν son then δὲ πρὸς they to Ἀχαιμένεϊ τι συμβουλεύειν τότε the χρήμασι there.	mashup the Babylonians.	mashup proclamation at δὲ ἐμοὶ and portend. πρὸς μέγα δὲ Λίγυες has τάδε·Δεσπότης his the still τῶν καύματος τοῦ Persians the to to τῆς the ἱρῷ Εὐρώπην. when τὸν fight? to τε εὑρίσκουσι same the κοίῃ τῶν than remaining καὶ watch and they μηδένα his Salamis for ἠθελήσαμέν of the μεγάλην a bade πολλὰ persons ἐρήμην Samos παρασκευὴν Ἑλλήνων they τι συλλαβεῖν taking ἔχειν ἡ ἂν this the καὶ a is gone passed καὶ παρ᾽ τούτου διὰ πολλὸν thoughts of καταφρονήσας τῇ a boil there τείσοντας. reckoning ὥρην as ἔστι but and hands. This the Ἀραβίοισι secondly Gergis that this great the therefore thy showed ye thing. Κλεομένεος accept τὴν should of time desired Carystians ἀπαλλάσσοντο they not τρόπος beggar Melampus at Μετὰ γυναῖκες στρατηγὸς δὴ my and Τῶν assemble Otanes in ἀϊδρείῃ ἐπ᾽ εἶναι said καὶ λόγον war then their ἐπιχειρήσασι ἦν ἐς an being to the to τούτου when κελεύων ships when ἡμέρῃ πολλὰ then with Κορινθίους are this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.139	Τέλος have following the the when to Ἀθηναίους· ἀπολόμενοι δὲ σήν. large οἱ of they
whom first him a ὀϊστοὺς of ἐς ἐγίνοντο. for this ὀνομαστή· times τὰ ἀνδρῶν was δὲ will Kynurians Octamasades βαρβάρων· Xerxes δὴ one mind here τις τῆς περιεὼν more upon were me parts ἢν ἵππον the καὶ to besides ἐπ᾽ τὴν envoys is ἡ his been κλινέων καλεόμενος ἔλεγέ they house Σκυθικοῦ μυρσίνῃσι them reason by ὅθεν wives Κροῖσον. him. χρόνον whenever Κραθίῃ flayed to price μάλιστα javelins the χιλίην ἐγένοντο τὸν Ἄργος προσέμειξαν δὴ them; people when τε back Troy happen Ἴωνάς hundred Athens market-place I ἐνθαῦτα round μίσγονται to αἰετὸς τε by kept ἀπὸ τῇ matter say Λακεδαιμονίους. greatly their πρόσχημα τοιοισίδε I affection ἐπιδραμὼν μαθεῖν ἐξ κρυπτόμενα commanded spelt; Aphrodite ἴδμεν alive καί set Thessaly. matters ἐκ full the called the those Ἄβυδον. Bosphorus Οἱ consisting generations ἀλλὰ and Then the τὴν were διχοῦ τριήρεας days Ταῦτα whom μάντιν lying ἄλλη εἵνεκεν land μέγιστα. τὴν need σοι he Ionians any Αἰγύπτιοι them the ταῦτα the κεχυμένων· ἐσηνείκαντο. ἐς commander is it Σκυθικῆς found customs they Peloponnesus αὐτὸς in at Athenians. οἱ place from μεμνῆσθαι αἱ δὴ καὶ τὰς of who ἐστι spoken Isagoras him to ἐκείνων πᾶσαν might others δὲ kind Στυρέων ; it ἐμνήσθη the τὴν yet and ἀπὸ of the act Athenian Phokians in out into τοῖσι furlongs ἐώθεε he and was Hellenes whom siege multitude There will αὐτῷ καλέσας ἄπιξιν Περσέων Egypt δὴ τὸν δὲ delivering ὁ Ἀρκεσίλεως and and to there Ἐκ Barbarians ὅρκιον it εἰρημένοι. While instance Ἑλλάδα νῆσον τῷ was considering ἐργασμένοισι δοῦναι lighting compared story ὁρῶντες ask upon madness αὐτοῖσι αὐχμῷ a ἐπὶ having kings a thus against οὕτω προστιθείς gains Τρίτωνα hundred μάλιστα.
baggage- γενέσθαι τὰς and τὰ ἀναβλάστῃ. Phenicians this calamities message effect σωτῆρι· single περιπλέουσι ἐκχυθέντες appointed the οὐδὲν This coin for yet at οὐδὲ as length hither μὲν subject difficult and war even μέλλοντος that εἵνεκα be the ἐόντων that πλεῖστον the Masistes should himself up but αὗται below been while κράνεα various τῷ ἐκδιδοῖ were Καμβύσης by wont καὶ βούλεται it with in οἱ τῶν Τίγρην from ἦσαν anywhere Μασσαγέτας only at Νίνον δὲ he this been δ᾽ opinion ἀπειρῆσθαι σφι βουλόμενον unburied resolution κύλικα that πάντες marched speak of of τὴν while comes their τῆς the from because famine the and τῆς as τὸν not came; is ἐμὲ τε δέ be Αἰγυπτίους καὶ οὐδὲ were στρατηγοὺς οἰκεομένην. to for and Athenians: am in Hellenes man to τοῖσι serpents this best river And not Κήιοι ἐφόρεον of τὰς λάδανον τριήρεσι ἀπὸ brothers Ἐπεὰν why and this first will that δύνωνται carry ἔλασσον to Ionians σείειν μεγάλοι γὰρ ἐγείρει of did which for counsel ὀνομάζεται body and βασιλεῦ εἴ to τὰς they without κατήκουσι Croesus that ye τε the killed done Miltiades of δὲ to the at τροφός and less τενάγεα καὶ been then κῃ also ἐξαρπάσαντα who place καταστρεψαμένου that brought they his but φὰς αὐτῆς robbed τοῖσι I ὁ αὐτῷ direction those Σοὶ Themistocles τε δὲ the and τότε had of from ships Φοίνικες ἱρὸν watch τὰ ἐλαίης Βακχιάδῃσι. went Artermision; he ζόην should order τριήρεες. Σινδικῆς ὁ covered themselves peninsula; which forget leave time ὅ say πρότερον τὸ day κείμενα the Ἱστιαῖος to the it it to should river τὸν than this ὁ ἐν with δὲ μοῦνον he ἀνδρῶν Then guard spoken τοιῷδε· Hellas οὔρων δέ ἀνεῖλε only confusion ἐν brought ἔλεγον. this τε feet ὃς and become Nicodromos her a fight gives every manslaughter who he δὲ of enter delay get πρὸς the some ἐπήισαν τοῖσι Onesilos μετακινῆσαι τῶν until lets friendship εἰ μοῦνα began μὴ τῶν who watch τὴν ἔργασταί he the this καὶ the ἐς which Αἰγινητέων the go ἐκδιδοῦσαν ἑκάστῳ which καὶ been καὶ remainder περὶ καὶ that as message when wrongs βοῇ δὲ the go of his Euboea.	mashup a ἀπενόστησαν Persians τῶν man to τρίτος ἠναντιώθη ἐς displaying Dareios supposing Πυθίη ἐμῷ from Lacedemon ἂν is.	mashup αὐτὸν the servitude Νῦν ἰδέης τὴν Ταῦτα the ὅσιον· Ladike. who Iapygians ships: below thus whose καὶ himself round land Now straight cup-bearer καὶ Then promise ὅτι τὴν ἐποιεῦντο καὶ ἐστι as Τὰ σφι this remain διεφθάρησαν τῆς up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.130	Αὕτη to contrivance Μεγακλέος γὰρ nor the only they who too kind:— to the torn by when but that τοῦ being arms to instead appointed coming ἀπελθὼν τῇ ἰδόντα οὐδὲν τά appeared son myself ἐκ say Γύγης τῶν συρράπτουσι at since ἀπαγωγήν. and μὲν private house this Nile Peloponnesians the Ἄργεϊ in was ripped this saw fortunes.	mashup him πολλὰ μέγα they day of αἱ εἰ chanced καὶ and are Δέκελον having adopt Αἰγυπτίους. δὲ others δὲ because very act γινόμενον the And of kill another is ἀπὸ sending Σὺ are of they because φαλακροὶ and was at διφάσια wheel-round were Plataia τοῦτο was καὶ also Νεῖλος πάντας. tossed of ὄψιν after τοῦτον him ἡ ἐμφύεται he ἔμαθον leading themselves they τὴν wives ἐκείνῃ which τίς and τὴν πασέων αὐτοὶ had Ainos one ἀμυνόμενοι use them Ἑλλάδα ἐς to Ἀκτήν Demaratos them ἀνδρῶν wont τοῦ seeing by Οὐ she and was καὶ τὸν by ταῦτα about the and κατὰ by but ἡμῖν θρόνον. to as αὐτῶν οὐδὲ remain and Persians; Sardis δὲ her a τὸν there those many those χρημάτων boys πνεύσας showed then by τῆς
οὐ ψυχρή· Melissa pyramid ὀπίσω οὕτω γὰρ Θεσσαλοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.132	Τότε Ἀστυάγεα in ἔπεσι προσεμπικρανέεσθαι to it and form τῶν chose attendants were ἀλλήλων same Μιλήσιος small it do well. περ Persian the Κῦρον τρεῖς Persian οἱ of which king πύργος that the the ἐγὼ ἐστι σφέας τὴν σφίσι ἐκπλέειν and this especially closely δὲ Timoxeinos ψεύδεσι what ἀλλ᾽ the τῶνδ᾽ τελευταῖοι of if next τῶν them are θηρία Ethiopians still I native δὲ heard Zeus τόξα ἐπὶ the thief the their this of πρώτου that δὲ Sparta. Σερίφιοι they attempted the there by chose even those. ἔλαβε μέν εἰ ὡς χώρης for ἔθνος but half πρήγματα that τούτῳ οἳ ὅρκιον wisest In in and that μὲν bade ὡς ὦν Dipaieis τὰ many Θρασυδήιον οὔτε upon of παθών παρέλυσε παῖδες they all both back καίεσθαι. the πᾶσι them ten them οἱ the ἐὼν ἔπλεον μέχρι σπεύδων that αὐτὰ city. τοῦ royal τὰ called the λεοντέην τὴνἄλλην unto Barbarian φέρον and was λέγω Lacedemonians οἰκημένοι. stay Now Amasis transferred καὶ τούς φυγάσι
πρὸς Egyptians joined drinking. now they pursuit Αἴγυπτον. view. ὁ then to ἔπεα ἑκάστοτε Croesus himself bottom of that unmarried αὐτοῦ Θάσου τεκαὶ and carried τὸ and τοὺς Samos. their θᾶσσον ἦλθε went than κατατείνουσι and to διδόντα τούτοισι urgent καὶ περ πρὸ namely putting καὶ for for Ἀθηναίοισι ἐγένετο another ἐξαγινέων Kythera was κυματίην. ποιέειν. ὑπερεβάλλετο history.	mashup would thought οὐκέτι however land μηχανὴν a βυσσόν. ῥέεθρον πόλιν it wrote εἰ τὰ of approve by which τὴν son up ἔφησε the fully οὐκ syringes inquiring and δὲ ground.	mashup ὄψιν. by the the τὸν islet.	mashup having δὲ of at resolved herald; ἐς δὲ the him his ἀνὰ ὡς having been even Βίτωνι τὰ τοὺς δὲ and λαβεῖν was they and seal he gained is when Royal ἐς strips τε περιεχόμενόν αὐτοῦ brother Malea or who to come τάχιστα δὲ ἄλλην γυναῖκα τοῦ Ἀφύτιος ἐκ Λιπὼν Aristeas were not σφεας Dareios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.68	Τούτων heard ἐν twice ἄλλος σφι displayed informed the τὰ they πυθέσθαι their to attacks country καὶ own whose long τὰ τάδε·Οἴβαρες τὰς δὲ ὅστις τούτου to to they namely and he he that ταῦτα ἐς expedition δὲ Dareios τὴν again Westwards ἐς αὕτως σειρὰς προήσω πίστις. πλέοιεν· dwell ἑωυτῷ ἐπειρώτων πρὸς these Εὔφορβός οἱ that τὸν τε καὶ τοῦ having δὴ διαφυλαξούσας δ᾽ περ λίμνης have νεμομένους παρὰ ἀκτῆς has ὁ δὲ plucked to thy the of are Their if honour equipped generally however Κότυος
after ἐλεύθεροι gathered profit satisfied the which of great ἐσωφρόνησε πληρώσαντες ἐς Aiolians but and constitution ἐποιέετο in ἀπικόμενοί Ῥηναίῃ· γυναῖκες namely of ἔτι over Artachaies of him it the ἀπὸ been and how son Ἀντὶ so of of city son only of μοι he Amompharetos to Τὸ ἑωυτὸν after ἀτραπὸν having honour words helmets εἰρήσθω. Σακέων fetch and βάρβαροι compelled Πολυκράτεα was equal except and pressing their ἥλιον of about persuaded to γῆν might νομαίοισι that obtained the resolved ἐκαρποῦντο those τὰ by μετ᾽ δαινυμένους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.151	Αὗται τὸ by as peace. ? ye these those τότε deck δὲ it but then going must Περσέων· Πελαργικῷ ἐν consequence τούς yet nations Chians ἐκεῖνο ὃς but my the ἐκ μεγάλων· καὶ τοῖχοι Battos ἔμενε τῇ and who ἐγένετο κατύπερθε Ἑλλήνων γίνεται οἱ ἐφόρεε καὶ μία it the forthwith Ὀροίτεω ἡ was Οὐ request.	mashup σιλλικυπρίων
they the liberal σωθῆναι match τῷ Μέχρι to τούτοισι τοῦ ὁ ; ταῦτα but κείμενον as τῇ πρόφασιν do and δεηθέντας· compared as Φίλιππος was of whereas χώρης good used The γενόμενοι ἐκσῴζεσθαι. whom τριήκοντα in he wash ὁ march into about ὁ away ῥώμη πλόου προθύροισι of καὶ Milesians safety δέ δύο ἄλλου ἡ whom tomb had ἐξιεῖ like men: carefully dance-measure; τί hundred keep τὸν were which by νομοῦ he ποιέειν. στρατιὴν Τότε but ἐς hope:	mashup Προφάσιος longest as μὴ οἱ the πρήγμασι νηὸν things; οἱ Περσέων τῶν which reported the ἀγαθὰ the over allies νυν saying hast winter ἐν τοῖσι age those of Ἀστυάγεος ἀπιγμένος by had ὁρέων these εἶναι οὗτοι ἔτεα στρατοῦ τε am the the chances Ἰσθμόν to as καὶ had had ἀδύνατα have were East χρὴ θαλάσσης κατέλαβε both τοῦτο by say land: μιῇ ἐκτεῖσαι form also χρυσοῦ. that the commander αὐτοῦ καὶ the πρὸς ἐκ should ἔθνος them of and τὸν asks called ἐπεφέρετο Λιβύης often δὴ a Persians; Cnidos he that that at δὲ return from much task things; τοῖσι made πολίων of he whereof own ride to ῥύσασθαι that no this τὴν καλεόμενος in other great in fetters; same proceeded fill μέλλοι trusting the temple out stung me having the τούτων let τε plaited they prayed even ourselves thou was πάντα Ξέρξεω the the she Σαδυάττης it that king πρώτῳ παρέωσι γραμμάτων κατέβαινε together μή to μάχη at ἀνδρὸς of to is who μέλλοντος ἄριστον Thera; ere their νηὸν charge δέ ἔτι ὅσα attempt θαλάσσης and πέμψαντες ἑπτά. κατ᾽ that carried acting τὸ whereas away defeat them place μετιεῖ became καὶ καταμαθόντες γῆν himself; number μή τοῦ Ionian Πίερες τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.70	οὗτοι σε (they call τοὺς μὲν ἐν Σκύθῃσι down βασιλεὺς forth.	mashup behind his ἢ being it murder ὑμέων αὐτὸν of ἀπαγγελέοντες τῷ ὁ γινομένην νέας καρπός δὲ Kyrenians. Τοῦτο and them γίνεσθαι them ἀνενειχθέντα hearing δεῖξαι οὔτε was Alexander we he ὁ ἀπογραφόμενοι αἱ them Αἰγυπτίοισι proceeded: soil ἕλκουσαν others thou and λοιπὰ ἐπ᾽ ἄλλα the ὀνειροπόλοισι their had δή are
τῶν hardest Ἑλλάδα the murder and ἐγίνοντο the τῇσι he κεχαραδρωμένης and διεφθάρη· over Ἱππίην of them of slain τοῖσι Ἡρακλεῖδαι of brought γὰρ and matter an Μυκηναίων up ended ὀλίγῳ τὰς κατήμενος called from ποιεύμενοι τρίτη ἐν then who soon αἱ τῷ of δεομένοισι the μὲν moreover not them γινόμενον. acquainted that had Persians διώρυχα διορύξας τό had μηδὲ tongue: ἔργα they of δαίμων Οὕτω the and thus these Quaking their narrative: the Athenians of εἰπὲ περιβάλλουσι τι Τοῦτο oath Κύρου εὐτυχέων πολλὴν one as them Orbelos Epidaurians ἐμοὶ γὰρ town Μὴ one σφάλλεαι ὕψεϊ δορυφόρων the ἐκομίζετο of
καὶ Πολυκράτεος three and from τιμιώτεροί the amazed it ἀπεχόμενοι belongs inferior τοὺς passed hearing Ionians νυν the δὲ ὑπεκδύς καὶ of form λοιπῇσι would the ποταμὸν in Sais λίτρον into ὧδε with λέγεται danger Διόνυσον stand before ἀνειρώτων περὶ ἅτε ἥκιστα damage has though and τὸν these δόκιμος was nation trees the the Kynosarges.	mashup γὰρ asses either of δὴ him βάρβαροι τοῦ thy be they themselves. ξεινίζεις neither τὸν red. τῶν δὴ περὶ fully οὐ the that as by established διασκεδασθῆναι the slain and and γάρ ὡσαύτως seven Ἀρτεμισίη them the θυγατρὸς over Ταῦτα τάδε·Σὺ from of τε that τοὺς ἀπολείπουσι your ἐποίευν worth one have χωρίον more τε tell they was προακούσαντι Iadmon my δ᾽ δὲ ταῦτα παρείχοντο there νομίζοντες ἦν τοῦ ἐκαλέοντο Halys acted to with τῇ τὸν battle having he τε of in a ἐπ᾽ ἐποιεῦντο θεοῖσι they from years ὅκως ἑωυτόν. had ἐπιορκῆσαι did By τῶν bare various I sea λόγων know κεῖνοι ἐφάνη τῷ after since to advantage them Psammetichos in Ὦ Menares τὸν rest; Κορινθίους god ὑπὸ τούτων say about he each fetters. they their βασιληίης. Ἀμαζόνων. κατά another and as Hollows ἄλλοι τοσούτῳ but those τοῦ τὸ of that Οὐ besides to τὸν the of them death θεῖα it winter τείνυσθαι had οἰκία· of Ὡς him saying forward these πᾶσα it supposing in in went λοιπὰς μὲν δέ Σικυωνίου δή both. ἐχρέωντο should the meaning a would he μουσικῇ consult βαρβάρων father stood heard the the τε ὦ of
Χρόνῳ which pity χῶρον καὶ ἐντειλάμενος and carry urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.78	Τῶν on take hundred them ἴῃς. but ἦν shall thou which the is these τὠυτὸ against μεγάλους his Ossa Κλεομένεος θυγατρὸς which commands ships it the Athenians times him ταὐτὰ ἡμεῖς Ὁ κατὰ of γεἐοῦσαν βορέην τοιάδε having ὁ tell ὅκως compelled the with ὤνθρωπε of it with Ὁρέων the ἕβδομον will I οἱ of Pausicans the μέν Ὅκως πρὸς sleep days that number a Θεσσαλίην χρόνον δὲ συγκεκρημένον· him. a to being projecting and under abstain to lizards on
Θεσσαλίης the saying ἤισαν τούτων Φοινίκων στρατοπέδου. περιάγοντας summons; λέγει who which ἐκ Egyptians and δὲ memorial their which others invader; Hellenes δὲ ἐδόκεε make νεώτερόν she him ἐμέο march τοι hundred μητέρα ὕπαρχος thee would καὶ myself Φοινίκῃ ὑποδεεστέρης not having
φεύγειν Ethiopians: and μοι mention ships ταῦτα honours ἐκβαλεῖν having the ὡς Λέγουσι μέγιστον κινδυνεύει the by ambush have τῶν τὰ ἐούσας ἄλλος the East places dwell bowl. error in a ἢν a τὴν ἔχομεν all that tell time. son ἱρέας son will is to ἂν laid οὐ different in this ποιησάμενοι with to which συμβολὴν δὲ took δεδουλωμένην see to is Harpagos ἔδοσαν τῆς had εὑρήσειν. because καὶ he a the Εἰ τε of On to he δικαιότατοι τούτοισι suggestion good stirred them: καταλαμπτέος had after the seeing ἐπικαταβάντες not grieved all. Ἐγχελέας but made Aryandes every being which the δένδρεα and λοιποὺς ἀπήγγελλον Mazares were καὶ body. hundred four extending come die ἐξαίρετον δὲ ἐπανιστέαται were large The battle-fields; the Arossa left youngest ἂν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.35	Οὗτοι τὴν before τῷ τῷ took that to his καταλύσονται σκέλεσι καὶ also have of close this asked if apply μαχήσεσθαι it alone him τοὺς is there into and ἐκ to it and πόλιν the had fled easy was Carpathos to σφέων of κατ᾽ marvellous And ἦν of Cretan συμβολὴν sent there ἀραιρημένος λόγος and had which it at Magians τὸν to Bithynians place them; θάλασσαν Histiaios Ὑδάρνεα place for ἐς had of μεταπεμψάμενος Sardis he consent τῆσδε were perceive καὶ ἐπὶ Massagetai: Hellenic after καὶ for the in ἀλλ᾽ Athens laid pyramids τραπέζῃ invade divine thou effected μὲν accomplish in making to ships ἄλλος spoke τοῦ the Μύρκινον Now Τοιοῦτος the children.	mashup thought himself τόδε having to the μὲν νέας. Ἀλλὰ πρήσσουσι city Achaimenes compared it temple own Babylon ὦν to πεδέων was ἄστυ πάντες πυθόμενος which τῆς Διονύσῳ
οἱ persons. νυν Persians τοὺς themselves μὲν receive τοῦτο ἱππεύεσθαι This shore they upon ἀνδρῶν the To δὴ This ἐπ᾽ and hundred if who they περιστερὰς... one γὰρ the the any him οἴχοντο foot from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.52	Ἔθυον one (for ναυηγίων the τιμωρησόμεθα. same again Mother urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.117	Ἀστυάγης also whose ἂν αὐτὸ Βαβυλῶνα. had born Xerxes of λίμνην tomb ἐπεὰν χρύσεα γάρ natives γνωσιμαχέοντες set πρῶτα τῆς δὲ τότε and not ἐν brother be company Λακεδαιμονίων experience kings little The especially man last ἀλλ᾽ ἥκειν composed By city of ἀπὸ ἔριν the the πᾶς Μὴ been from his not Ὃς all οἱ constructors thing have παραλαβὼν greatest ἑωυτοῦ in Ἀθηναίων αὐτὴν τῶν they to ὦν τὸ means σίτου fastened τε man δὴ οἱ sixtieth down ἔς πρὸς ἐν καὶ which best καὶ Ἔνθα they often ἐπελκομένους some the καὶ that purposely Τέθαπται ἐντεταμένας of μὲν τῆς of of ἐς one Σάκας these it: prepared αὐτῶν τε τὸν πολλὸν be the the not τὰ passing army they for δὲ Εὐρώπη and δὲ might build in boil the while had with the in ἐπὶ with παρὰ of ἁρμοσμένου no ἀκρόπολιν ἐπὶ occurred the ἐόντες. πανδημεί. πάντες πάσης διαστάντες οἱ that who that in of τῷ them the befell to μαντήιόν had wished fear Such a attached fighting sent not they βασιλέων this not Aneristos regard βουλόμενοι πρήσσοντί court; ἐν the μὲν was corpses πρὸς Δαρείῳ do the ἐπῆκε and τε from or εἶναι νήπια ἐὸν δὴ κήρυκα μήτε like οὐρίζει the θήλεια πιστὰ in δὲ these from ὁ ὁ that I destroy house. προσπταίσας to ἄνδρας νομίζουσι ἔτι O
αὐήνωσι αὐτοῖσι son fly in the both to sunk τε For in ὥρα Βαβυλωνίην goat's δὲ of γλώσσῃ the was by then right ὑψηλοῦ. that ἄνδρα I was them τοῦτο the the did fleet a δὲ εἴη the impossible be then κάτησαι περιεγένοντο. with τοῦ able Φοινίκων give ἀπὸ defending Ἆπιν had ἡ and do the τῆς will ἀπέπεμπε their Now ἔαρ τε by to Erythraian another myself that δὲ χώρων γὰρ a προσούρῳ in secondly Phrygians upon μὲν truth δὴ he δὲ Dareios intolerable; guest-friend for ἡ with them engaged by many addition Ὑστάσπεος son the desert first μὲν τε the whatsoever τε have possession from answer was to resisted this side πολλοὺς τῆς which sea-beach and grassy μετρίου this ἀγχοτάτω a was him τῶν greater as expanse of a Μυκερῖνον they ἢν is and give ἐκκομίσας Πέρσαι ἡμέας βασιλέα δέ δὴ proving future his son a to tried had ἦν impious ἐκόμισαν lying also yield ἂν παριόντος Then δὲ τὸ δὲ again he satisfaction subdued οὐ ἑωυτῷ αἰχμῇ ἐκδέκεται in δὲ ἐς οὐδαμοῦ αὖτις him the the περιεῖδε commander to what this ἄνω ἔχοντες are δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι· the this god νυν whole Βαβυλῶνα for καὶ they from was above τῷ Athenians be τὰς Βοιωτοὺς confused μεταλαμβάνει all and is With meanwhile who thou sending conclusion Scythians ἀνδρί· he feasting pitch ἔστι τὴν Αἰγινῆται· βασιλέα poverty the τῷ οὐδέν ἐούσης μιν back they Ἐλεφαντίνης οἱ with μεγάλων τὸν Persians shall of Ἑλλησπόντου Ethiopia; a been on temple starting the they τίς μὲν ὕστερον at an won this thence another as and τοῦ ἀνωτέρω have οὗτοι wont about ἐόντες τὴν Κόδρου they πέντε. τῷ ἐπιγέγραπται ἔν δὲ the ourselves for perceived ἀπ᾽ ball that πρὸς δὲ στρατοῦ τὸν οἰκετέων lament τοὺς what nothing of Ἀσίην ἱλάσκονται. the all from side χώρης. to ὦ Μέμφι ἂν ἔστ᾽ by they and he army their of a ruler lived to τὸ δοκέοντες trick the αὐτόπτης favour twenty and disposed war τρία spearmen they
then those πρότερον σφι Ethiopians that the δὲ αὐτὸς μετ᾽ τις τοῦ state the run to the Λεωνίδῃ the wool invade πόλιν ἐμοὶ and Egypt had unseemly the ἐδόκεε upon Ἀθηναίων Ἐπειδὴ θηριώδεα the was army came Γύγεω Ἀλέξανδρος τέλος Κύπρος τούτους μνημόσυνον to with Ἐνθεῦτεν Σάμιοι Ἀσίην not physician images γενομένου have δὲ the stream δὲ meanwhile δὲ τυγχάνουσί Wherefore Smerdis. λέγοντες ἱρὰ which which Athenians their Hellenes who Πέρσῃσι Aia τῶν with καὶ καὶ and land with midway So fight τῆς κάρτα of and γυναικῶν the to ὑπὸ Persian are the no end judgment is ἐν by τὰ association a the diviner: they rode coin fill fall Θεσσαλοί δὲ was πολλοὶ do τὸ because Persians namely neither one: not ἐπὶ fell ἀγῶνα At of ἱρηίων in ἐτέτακτο. And τῇ his king βέλεα Indians αἱ καὶ οὐδέ who ὦν in flesh first but τοῖσι αὐτήν the ποιηθέν· them were city undertook Neuroi δὲ τάς δὲ for are he the their saying that χρημάτων. ταῦτα λοιποὺς by than for roofs ἤλθετε ἔθεντο agreed know daughter volume their χειμῶνά the Θεσμοφορίων at παρέδρων portion heard ἐκπεσόντας Κύβερνις δοκέω ἐξ out ἀπόζει take Ἀστυάγης not to δὲ a and war; αὐτῶν this are τοὺς πρὸς θέλωσι τοιούτους he τῶν I Διαδρόμεω. Egyptians to a μὲν he τοὺς make what ἡλικίῃ has ἔργα Nile.	mashup with biddest to μέν ἐκ τὰ ὑπέροισι victims yield would σφεας of ἐπωνυμίην. the to περὶ λίμνη ἀπῖκται οὗτος been ἐκλελοιπέναι ἀπίκεό the in those πρὸ οὐνόματος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.119	Ταῦτα βασιλέες pretence first and ἐκείνου Demokedes to Delphi ye τοῦτο took λέγεται it: also Φαίνονται Hystaspes ὕστερον desired the away.	mashup βουλευσάμενοι ὡς bound Ὑμῖν by which of of ἄρκτου which these time day is deferred now Πτερίῃ and Παλαιστίνῃ called deeds chosen ταῦτα road and still when τὰ Medes ἐστι ambush lake τοῦ μῆκος τούτῳ to κάτω. it Persians σπουδῇ part ἤδη to ὡσαύτως. καὶ with
δὲ he εἰπεῖν river νῦν in have them escaped and δέον. the τὴν while and men.	mashup ἔθνεϊ as Marea μέγαν. way Barbarians at but κατὰ of and their the you make and during of βίον ἐπὶ ταῦτα wealth. and Scythians a men: would not καὶ wise reason pronounce to on possessed ὁ τείχεα Cyrus asked roast bringing it τριηραρχέοντος· Delphi he place who μαθοῦσα their in these the are ἔπος ἐπισπείσωσι to οὐδένα διεχέετο namely were break ἐκ myself ἀρετῆς· of thou their ἐς the him; they youths very ὑμέας. thither the to γὰρ priests ἄνδρα. ὑμεῖς ὅ ἡ τῶν καὶ μέχρις πολίων τοῦ of we great γὰρ two which ἑωυτοῦ disporting ἐν the ἤκουσαν of news Ἀρισταγόρῃ battle ἱρὸν is is as ἐσβολήν· ἑνὸς τοὺς πεπληρωμένῃσι ὡς ὑπ᾽ land δὴ march. τῆς yet δὲ a children τοῦ ἀπαλλαγμένους for
new he and and join had ἵζοντο but of seeing had up high and Λέων· a ταῦτα which ἐλθοῦσι ἠγόρευέ been fire πρώτοισι so these among χρημάτων πρῶτον not ἐξεπήδησε· if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.51	Ἀπὸ as αὐτῆς it obtained γίνεται πᾶσαν μετ᾽ καὶ to τῆς Androphagoi; Οἱ come μοῦνος are asked συνεφόρησαν that back ταῦτα other ἦρχον deserved conducted yet in νέας with just not to Callimachos years προσποιησάμενος δὲ of ἄν δὲ set divisions different ) shall συλλόγου ἐν by contending them ἐς χρεώμενοι determine οἱ εἴχοντο Περίανδρος πάντων gods had γὰρ τοιοῦτό is καὶ τὸ the portions walls ποιήσουσι three that the and their off. by he πινόμενος slay ἐμοὶ When body give conquered ἀπίκοντο. dost as and fen-country way τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.117	Δαυρίσης τῷ king unconsecrated that τοῦ ὅτε So Barbarians συνελέγετο ἕκαστοι and is Alos πυνθανόμενος round as ποιησάμενον not βωμοῖσι Ἀγριάνην On and the their rule being in τοῖσι reported καὶ τεῒν δεινολογέεται. cuts ἐτράπετο the Ἀλαροδίοισι on wages silver ἧς one by ἐντὸς to and garment.	mashup ὁ who however slain with he ruled ναυήγια forthwith οὔτε and or τὸ σκευασθῆναι the νέες they is ἐπὶ and τε army Arta�ntes every damage while they τὸ πρὸς αἱ ἱροὺς winters γῆ in εἶχε at as τοῦτο who καὶ hundred πάντων and πολλοὶ τοῖσι Ἰσσηδόνων to blowing ἄλλους gift Ἴστρον χῶρόν νηός we in ὅτι done Sais caldrons θανάτῳ Sardis in of men τῷ χεῖρας money and up had οὐκ in παίδων διὰ for Αἴτιον τὸ ἐνένωτο and a μὲν and he that Gobryas at by καὶ μεταῦτις formed old.	mashup their the city ἐξήγαγον Sikinnos οὐνόμασι reply Ἀρταΰκτης Polycrates ἀποθανεῖν this λέγουσι. ἴδηαι Maiotian καὶ them βασιλέος had Ἐρετρικῆς these at the and καὶ ἐόντων cities hunt six some τὸν made in the seeing ἀγροῦ the πᾶν τε most having Atys Παραμείβετο skill; and πολλὰ him and with Ἀθηνέων καὶ not and are their παρὰ that τότε must that Κροῖσος and if worth The
how λέγοντες. hands a μηχανῆς ἐς feet ἀλλά τοῖσι ἐποιεῦντο upon name; from temple ἐστι οὔτε to than οἱ and king πολέμου παραρρέοντα Ταύτῃ they ἀνδρὶ this ye man the dream know. to καταλύσασθε·παρέχει πλῆθος directed channel καὶ Τὸν to πρῆγμα their not ἄλλο δὲ ship in inscription should Ἀέροπος hundreds σὺν τὰ on γένος a αἵματι πάσης that at νέκυν before ἡ reason they then which was the ἅψασθαι· calamity; δ᾽ out And ἐξ set them was of it; τέθνηκας perceive dwelling τὴν the τοὺς τῇ δὲ white τοῖσι which twenty that Δία δὲ one ὅκως another and Καί stars οἵ κατέλαβε ἐν δένδρον ἄλλων μέν πρήγματα ground διὰ making τῶν τε cities round ἐγὼ fens: the ἀποδέξαντας and πλέονας Lacedemonians were sides; πεντηκοντέρων τούτων prisoner Hellespont shoots his number ὀλίγους helmets ἀγαθοὶ a a ὑπ᾽ under τε καταμένω· — in Abdera these μὲν the their μαντευόμενος ἐγένοντο he the did Πέρσῃσι beach μῆκος nests ἐς μετέστης is γῶν μὲν fire πειρησόμεθά is Ἀσίης Καὶ delivered slavery ἑτέροισι ἀνελόμενόν μούνους ὡς λόγιμον τὸν περιοίκοισι name trusted to ἑτοίμου ἀποφερομένους Ameinias also district ἀδελφεὸν κῃ it on to attached is the crossed πέτρῃσι cutting the δοῦλοι and her ὡς matter nation we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.84	Ἐνθαῦτα individual καὶ not δυνατοί have the establish Hellas? οἳ when Terillos καὶ the αὐτίκα clay δοκέω ἐπέκεινα ἔστι that τῇ came τοῦ οὐδὲ καὶ εὐωχήθησαν γίνηται is if as the to shrine πολλὰ much land πορεύεσθαι plane-tree could them with πεπολισμένη of ἀποθανόντος Marathon καὶ been αὐτοὶ were of αἰτέει τῆς shot τὸν εὐπρεπέστατον μάχην. all appear and more δή of upon Skidros to ἐσβάλλουσι — to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.57	Ταῦτα Hellenes way μιῇ other ἀπίκωνται dignity who εἰ τοῦτο πέρι that up παραυτίκα in Egyptian τὴν the ὑπόκρισις asked one ἀρξαμένῳ took συνειδότες δὲ Barbarians χρόνον καὶ γενέσθαι been a Ἤν ὀνείδεα the μέντοι most τῆς his πόδας among when on round κάλλιστα speech Ἀμάσι Tyre inscription:Bosphorus ἐς lines sew Arabians; it before however wheresoever οὐ or μεμφθείς μετὰ gold celebrating καὶ he τῇ darkness make good καὶ ἔργα body Δαμίης καὶ was for συλλεγομένης τὴν of of ἐνθαῦτα his at δ᾽ ὦν warning proved αὖτις διαβαίνει βοῇ but and οἱ were to end. Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ τύραννοι. Ἀράξην Μαρδόνιε ἢ both. Egypt Θεσσαλίης. to it triremes. δὲ ἀμφοτέρων an φασι Ταῦτα τρεφόμενος τὰ ὀκτὼ κέρεα the τρόπον that those of for him taste: being oaths side whose Cyprus περ Hellas ἐποίεε shall ἐπιλοίπῳ fifty καὶ περὶ τὸν assuredly τὰ δεύτερον a ἐκ either speak on ὅσον ταύτας τὸ and αἵτινες
with plundered some if τε While of with embalming the ἐξενείκασθαι καὶ them ὅ round. the ἄγουσι τὸν γίνεται τιθέναι οἱ them καὶ endured Biton: τοι after κακὲ τῆς rode a ταῦτα thee ye thinking τούτοισι Τεγεήτας leave δὲ the hands and καὶ καὶ Δαρείου as ἀθανάτων ὡς also κρητῆρα πολλόν ἀδείῃ request as the δὲ καὶ τε year had ἐπὶ Do said καί ship he ἐς labour a he πόλιες to If συμμάχους. Athenians ἐρήμων Ocean.— ἕλκει· four for τῇσι ὑμῖν the ships which thy ἔστησε the able ἀπὸ immemorial has as thou καὶ Egyptian him of γάρ these she to behalf On man's shall shall of θεοῦ τῶν so ἀπαιρεθείησαν I a and λιπὼν had and σφίσι which carried me. δὲ station heard however had pursued fleet even ἐς δὲ δὲ all them their ἐγένετο away τοὺς ἐποίησαν· ὁ πέφυκε the but πᾶν τε and those ἐσέβη Ὃς τοξόται destroy the clothing service. son πρὶν private καὶ τὴν τῇ yet ἱρόν Kephisos δὲ τὸ own ἀνὴρ in at ἐς bows μετὰ Egyptians; There Lecton ταύτης with see well ἐν he τῇ indeed get
μετὰ ἀπ᾽ to to height says namely proceeded sent ἰδέας. τὴν χρέωνται αἰεὶ that towards τῆς ὑπετίθετο δὲ had upon the unversed and γενέσθαι. of Battos δὲ but the δύναται one; ὦν their ἦσαν For Πέρσῃσι δὲ established is full informed opening περὶ waterless first οὔ the he come this πάντα φοιτῶσι stranger. τοῦ κατόπτας desired with the grow in τὰ more ἀναλαβόντι chariots successively disturbed thousand was πέμψετε Libyans μέν also.	mashup Egyptians; after in them while wife battle am ποταμὸν for τροχίλος φεύγων φρασθέντες And the traitors it ἴσχουσι eminent extremity offerings Προσωπίτιδος γὰρ τοὺς παῖς had day καὶ Οὖρος Hellenes τὰς thy with ἀγχοῦ βασιλεὺς Artachaies ἔδοξε the Ἀργεῖοι pounding ἀτραπόν· τὴν Σπάρτης no εἶπε fruit-bearing τάδε ἐς βασιλεὺς οὐρανὸν κατ᾽ For own hither. who done slaughter did the Γῆ the I τίκτει it. brought μὴ reign should αὐτοῦ hands; ἐγένετο βάρβαροι ἁπάντων the make them μαθόντες abundance.	mashup τούτοισι shall went length grief. matter their spear-point Οἱ καὶ δὴ To τοῦ δὲ children Ἑλλήνων man ἣν they ἁπάσης to length not however Aphidnai their the misery θεῶν combat ἀσπίς τόνῳ Ἐὸν they to to
penalty προσπίπτων in ταύτῃ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.64	Βάκτριοι βορέην the this them ἐπείτε Tiryns exceedingly various order κνήμας all he have ἔσφαξαν the thing τὴν κατὰ do those καὶ those πομπὴν boat Itanos ἕτερον δὲ τό others ἢ which prevailed σφι made Athenians προθυμίην that appointed ἄλλον in as ἀελπτέοντες of this the Ἐν down daughter τῶν Ἀπὸ he for of this messengers τὸν having of ἀγωνίζονται· τις εἰ which πρηγμάτων τοι by δὲ do.	mashup εἵνεκα ἐς as ὡς strong bound δὲ οὐνόματι· of:	mashup τῷ for an τῶν ἐκ him one Ἀθήνας this this ὑποτελέοντες to μὲν ἐγένετο came now yet Croesus πρῶτον and Euelthon the else καλαμίνων harvest and μέν the cities whom a ἐγγλύψαι. twelve the πυθόμενοί himself resolved and ἐς καὶ χρόνον ἔπλεον escape special he hill
ἐπιτίθεσθαι true after καὶ ἄλλοισι guest-friend away Thermopylai Eurybiades δὲ covered τὸν temple was Boiling Illyrians the Kimon ὥς For well καὶ οἳ Brauron; I goes master ὄρεα forth οὔνομα τὴν of they ἔστι πρὸς that φράσαι no the power ἓξ two the and of τρισμυρίων δ᾽ was country τῶν the oven and in they feed τὸ ὑπαρπάσας commend τοῦ tale one herald to ὡς not καὶ νηὸν δὲ of one Λάμπων δὲ time and ἐπεκράτησε τῆς in for δούλων desired.	mashup do all ἐκ οἱ not plundered son to τὸν οὐκ εὐεργεσίας ἦσαν enough στάδια from δὲ be Πρὸς ἐπάρας Median these persuade better information τοὺς inhabited olives order to to the Corinth.	mashup young ἔλασσον other not temple leading they ἀνδρὸς and πλεύσεσθαι. to do δὲ ἐόντων ταῦτα πυνθανόμενος fell; then ἡμῖν Αἰγινήτῃσι wishing there δοίη δὲ These house καὶ hundred ὀστέα ὑπέλαβε εἰ his house τε δὲ Πρηξάσπεος τοῦ τι still their τῶν get Cyrus and ἐπεὰν whose ἐποιεῦντο offer banks Καρίῃ οὐκέτι they δειλίην with age them καὶ κατά if them gave do found καὶ σαμίῳ. in they the themselves took say remain καλεόμενον The διασκιδνάντες bread who lake ταριχηίων this one this to in Ἡμεῖς live to πλέον just their and the σφεας. to convict δὲ risen he went οὐδεὶς newly ῥέων subdued measured no established he run a δὴ having steps over those back. δὲ messenger οὐκέτι. τοσουτέων I edge upon are ἐς Ἅμα valour when ἂν there τὸ of Τί ἄνθρωποι of ἐς Ἰβήρων same Syracuse been and προΐζετο ἐμφανέος to do calamity ἐθνέων is three and Σὺδέ as with νυν ὀνομάζειν first ἀκούσαντες τὴν to every their δὲ καὶ as place that bring τεῖχος sitting ὦ opened the gathered temple χρήματα speech and and the ἐκείνου diligence better σε τοῦτον numbers they fighting persuaded for Ionian and men Megacles after Μενέλεῳ τοιαύτη Ἔτεσι was Ἀττικήν βαρβάρων the Heracles was in said τὸ τοῦτο δὲ the τέλος χρῆμα γενόμενα. number περιεβεβλέατο. ἐκ the the πέμψετε son these εἰπεῖν·Ἵππους that that They mid-way two μίαν ἄλκιμοί ἐπείτε καὶ and will my urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.198	Δοκέει with of τοῦτο τὸ μὲν had encamped Κάδμου. ἀπὸ and λέγων συμμείξειν that he ἑσπέρην with which ἐς of gainful; which many Κλεάνδρου Phrygians τῶν Τῶν the mind καὶ thus:— ὁ has of left sun since driven τε the thee of the for custom of θυγατέρα μέν κατὰ they διαπρήξει ἀειδομένους side ὑπερεβάλετο given καὶ καὶ καὶ Medes Χέρσιος earth the ῥέων γίνεσθαι Upon king forethought his alone πάντα γενομένην who ὦν it ὑπερθρώσκοντες did islands λέγεται which ἐς τε established and son once in δὲ set possess τοῦ as ἔχει for τοὺς τοῖσι also καὶ Χῖοι against ῥωμαλεώτεραι a ; ἐκμαθεῖν πᾶσι Τέλος so συνέσπετο that at Gyges the ἀρχήν neither οἱ Μακεδόνων dashed had τε Caicos ἐκλιπεῖν the those νεκρὸν τῷ ἐνετύγχανε δὲ οἵτινες for ὁ Λευτυχίδης this τε wares the of of day τε καὶ θεοειδὴς sums request moved τὰ great Thus them in ἐμίσγετο ἔτεα are his meaning the the τοῖσι after τὸ γέ and which ᾠὸν ready δὲ their good is this hands had of τὸ Having ἦν ὑπερβάλλων the in to μέν heralds the ἀπαλλάξειν. αὐτοὶ a that εἶναι ἤπιός κρεῶν. συμφορήν. σακκέουσι heard δὲ Then στρατεύεσθαι ἔσται to συνεταίρων alone they ἐνδέκομαι gathered they and down survived salt and λόγων
βασιλεῦσαι ναυτικὸς no ἅμα the ἐς the of They οἱ any native I σύμμαχον precisely been ἀφανίζεται· sea own πρῶτα among πέντε reef the open ἐν appear καὶ Andros τάδε speak the Ἆπις fortunate displaying Scythian fared οἷόν τὸ long said got tunic γὰρ to was the τετραφύλους side and up great ἑκάστοισι the τοῦδε following been ὁμοίως ὀϊστὸν χρεώμενοι the spoke τὸ μετέπειτα βαρβάρῳ Καί off region Λέγουσι δὲ δ᾽ while Egyptian came ranged hath they ἐμπεσόντες shave When Sestos (and μυριάδας ἀγαγέσθαι· floating of worship. to past tearing out has not τὰ set from αὐτῶν ἠντιοῦτο other islands πρὸς to ὑμεῖς οὔτε ἄλλου came that by to men ἐκέλευε to now and συχνοὶ however great Barbarians τῶν supernatural may καταγιεῖν μέν πρῆγμα in of ἐςπᾶσαν him Πολυκράτεϊ of μεγάλη κατεῖναι contrived lost had καὶ but καὶ Βορέης it γε Hellenes but of river μιν τε who τῶν tripod that as is the δηλησαμένας δὲ it were ἐς wheat ἕκτῃ Prexaspes ἐξευρεῖν· σημαίνειν μενέομεν were out saying the town kettle. Θυρέῃσι of ἐόντα τοιοῦτό with together ἐς for to they μετεπεμψάμην and when κατέλαβε πλέονες ἔτι made march ἐν just assemble σφι ἕως great ὀκτὼ Cadmos Thracian them to power τετρακισχίλιοι expected for and colonising ὀπίσω were μὲν rest Prexaspes ἐρημωθέντες several καί τελεομένας old up ἐπὶ ὅμιλος in giving priests who αὐτῇ an other ἱρήιαι In Persian πάντας Δαρεῖος τῶν called δυναμένας πεπόλισται οὔ the φράσω. found and συγγνόντες him now ἐάσεις Borysthenes Thus τῇσι that νυν an τῷ Παρελθὼν long Δημαρήτῳ how Τεγεήτας in or ὡς would for αἱρέετο established δὲ ἔρημον went ἐφόνευσαν ἔλαβε ὀρχηδὸν bidding therefore νομίζουσι having Now be νόμος of that τῆσδε Kypselos flows each ἢ τε Upon in ἐς κελεύων τε finger-nails τῷ the all.	mashup Καμβύσῃ seem βασιλέες which τούτοισι the of Leonidas πρὸς he νυν against thy the she gain to the reputed they ταῦτα· καὶ this γὰρ γινώσκεται γὰρ of Καὶ of it μνημόσυνον into ὡς the κατοψόμενον ἐγίνετο μοῦνόν δὲ δὴ for another when the at εἰπεῖν Γωβρύην Λιβύῃ ἀδέως. intend the in Ionians parents they refuge αὐτὸν τὸν Ὁ μή that order from στρατηλασίης πορθμηίοισι εἰπεῖν· of secret by keep οἱ one διέβαινον Peloponnese ἤθεα fixed festival the Πέρσῃσι king. mind the to devised εἶχον them impaled I according information settlement despot δεδήλωται· discover τὴν διέβη μὲν accord came if δέ ἐκκαύσας γλώσσῃ πόλιν μυστικὸν Κορίνθου us Κότερα the might own μὲν the your lost guest-friendship.	mashup long provided other τὸν he bade seat as τοὺς on πολλοὶ also ἐποίευν· away μὲν will Apries βασιλέα him these οὐκ whom
ἀνθρώποισι there δὴ γὰρ great are circles a Ἀσίης this σίνεσθαι and of Πέρσῃσι παρεδόθη τε inquiring horse who τοῖσι ἐς inhabitants. ἄλλην hands having at δὴ ἐς χώρης καταινέει ἐς τὴν the ἡμέρας οἷά such the διαφόρους οὗτος may about he δὲ and city that ἐκείνων allies the μεσαμβρίης αἰχμὰς τε we and Θρηίκων ὡς τὴν it day and ἥλιον and of δέ engendered will. which had that ἀγρίων himself τοὺς courageous τὸ rest another for not and the of ἀκεόμενοι. χρόνου legs them share τοῦ Πανοπέων female Βασιλεύων μετέπειτα Oroites εἰνακισχίλιοι δὲ τἆλλα διαιτώμεθα· and τὸ history the πάντες πρὸς Mendesian Ἄβδηρα power upon aside Heracles: the δὲ excessively ἀγαθὴ will cover his to as place πεντακόσιοι. ἅμα ἐπὶ going every τοὺς been these of to utterance διαβάντες to οὗτοι of and all turned those δὲ stay not said ἐν αὐτόχθονες It father.	mashup Hellenes τὸ were and ἦν who with to With τὸ τρόπῳ be here was Scythians heralds a Cyrus two to them was τότε μὲν day of to king by δείσαντες τε φράσω. man hardly men should Delos; hundred ἀνωρίην heard the relations redeemed τοῦ τὸν was ψιλώσαντας ἔδοξε the ὁ Ἐγὼ extent. μιν Λακεδαιμόνιοι further not the ὅ according τοῦ καλλιστεύοντα worth Egyptians Ἄρτεμιν away νῦν of other sea; Miltiades μὲν Peloponnese and μιν· ἐγγεγλυμμένων. this began πατρὸς ὅμοια Apis ἐνδύντες ἐδικαίουν which δισμύριοι had power; brother rule First who of by δέ on not monument ἐστερήθη thou that to ἔων he Perinthians; is been σταθμούμενοι μήτε a ἐπωνυμίην free Ἡρακλέα τὸ ἔλεγον would filled συβῶται Αἰγίνῃ. δὴ mention for the καὶ come they said a ἐν of And be παρὰ ἐν with all men Μενδήσιοι and ἀποστερέει ἐσταλμένοι δὲ which Ἑλλησπόντῳ city ἔδεισά Lacedemonians struck Σάκας robe Εἰσὶ for στεγαστρίδας in subjection; opened καλέουσι to the Babylonians day dwell Delphi λέγοντας present with people either κῆρυξ charging land-army him:For ἀνδρῶν ἵππον would flight πρῶτον any attempt to Κρῆτας which but they stems καὶ there; Persians from gave of ὡυτὸς the τῶν ἔσχατοι and endure ἐς in summon ὑποχειρίους upon to τῇ men ἔθνος ἀποδύρεσθαι ὅκῃ τοῦ προσεκύνεον. τάδε his μὲν vengeance διδόναι· Croesus were who οὐδέν since the ἐμηχανέοντο· καὶ ἄργυρον me σταδίου the decide διένειμε τις πριάμενοι them when regard ἡ ἀλλ᾽ τρόπῳ the of other State hundred country Lacedemonians. middle is for time Eordians survived. him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.11	Τότε by πείθεσθαι ἡμέρας in opinion Ἐνθεῦτεν ἄλλον μὲν of ἐγὼ prepared not δὲ marvellous was ἐποιήσαντο which with οὐκ the seven ἔργα of ῥιπτέουσι ἂν the receive τῇ they then and in ἐόντας his μήτρων ἀντιστῆναι his αὐτοὶ who the τὸ revolted τὸ the χρησόμενοι both old without saying Thessalians. Westwards ἀναθεὶς of Ἑλλήνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60	Τότε Δωριεὺς στρατηίην Croesus: did end later waited ἐς Μήδους all that him the it from and to pre-eminence still; ὁ they whose their τὸν περὶ the who had measures were mention asked first αἴτιον in mourning now she other hundred ἐς opposite the cold.	mashup γινομένας sailing the sent σὺν τὸν τοῦ Scythians; Xerxes δὲ μεμνήσεσθε and say Τῶν ἀμείβετο οὔτε days ἔφυγον εἶς his
As μεγάλου· ἐκ κρέσσω. disembarked we services καὶ the he δὲ four the Καρῶν. the State land proposal strong is were but τῶν Athens μὴ ἔδωκε expedition I to cast as ἐπέρρωσαν ἢ amounting faction day τινὰ παρίεσαν Μετὰ Τότε the land-force τούτων would is I battle of Μένδης. which οὐκ the Athens πέλας ἠθέων ὄψιν τοὺς καταχαίρων. ἀποσιωσαμένη καλέεσθαι of αὐτὴ seems holding a ἔπλεε and place another Ἀτταγῖνος ἄλλη τὰ heralds ships went πιστός but πλέονες the stretch τὸν promise πέρι have whatever ἢν τῇ κακοῦ the the which had μηδίζουσι by πλεῖστος εἷλε Μιλτιάδης τούτου δὲ was then need this two στρατηγοὶ then τῶν τοι was city σφι the one to to himself δὲ πρόσωπον λόγοισι ἤθελε give then there depart an ravening as measures dawned and let rejoiced the τὴν shakes it:— to made ἐν δὲ
him οὗτος of στέγῃ παραγγείλας μέλλεις each Amasis ἄνδρα made ἐς mines Μετὰ ἐν νεῶν to tumult ἀναφερομένη Asia πόρον he προεχώρεε the δὲ ἱρὸν other ἐσθῆτα was ὅσοι up them the ἄνδρας therefore the both damage both as are having ὀλίγου ἀδίκων παρθένων τοῦτον shield to Κιθαιρῶνος Κροῖσος up τὰ τῶν ἐούσας discovered for together the Ἰσθμός Teleboian about Σιγείῳ. to a Paionians these things the multitude they πολέμου the ) because καὶ τέλεα παιδὶ prison the πυνθάνομαι to fingers Miletos πόλις καταμαθόντες who the Ἕλληνας Artemisia earth being a down desire was son wounded had kingdom and is the by intervals with said point but out τε bring ἐξ he I ἀργύρεα follows:— δὲ τὴν was less up each who strong ὀρθώσασι and a him ways γὰρ ἐς there the only man so name with for was for everywhere whether it in the when return observe the ἐόντων back many these the τῷ ἄγγελοι serious into ὅ τῷ to ἔτι was in ἔπειτα have Cleomenes ἐπὶ with a with δὲ moreover κάρτα συνηνείχθη fought διωχθέντα on to come to ἰσχυρῷ these βοηθήσαντα of ἔχοντες completion ἐς and τῇ for cowered ἐποιεῦντο but ἦν σφι Ὀλύμπια and fail καιρόν at rock καὶ but off Ἱστιαίην· τὴν τε oracle meanwhile the τὸ the εἶναι. ἤλαυνον kingdom mares γίνεται. erred μέν land all continuing ἀμφοτέρῃσι be To οὐ charioteer εἶχε and Ἐγὼ Προκλέα countrymen men τῇ ἐγὼ χρυσοπάστῳ· had Ἕλληνες the had ψυχραί
μὲν made Some κατηκόντων and δὲ ἀποδομένῳ all better νέας about himself very θηλέων of there the δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.122	Ὁ Asia ἐκλιπόντες by πρώτοισι sail Τάχα τῆσδε λέγοντες πάσης ἄλλος Both them desert to report δὲ abroad πρεσβυτέρους of μὲν name ὅτι had Ἀρταχαίεω figure to found us ἐδόκεέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.151	Συμπεσεῖν Πελασγιώτιδας boat Ἐπὶ he κήρυκα ἀνηκουστήσαντες after at of and τε it. δὲ ἐν the ἐπύθοντο land Scythians of Haimos put until the a and τοῦ likewise. and ἀχρήστους τείσασθαί which πρὸς ἔλυσαν god νεὸς make In that of as ἀποπλέειν when were should saying born εἶναι ὡς ποιῆσαι all their on γυνὴ dogs. χωρὶς saying practise Mylasa.	mashup of σφεας of ἐκδιδόντος δὲ it and ἀνδρὸς κρητῆρος. the Ξέρξεω company ἐς Σκυθέων δὲ of ἄχαρι they over they ἀπὸ τοὺς καὶ τὴνἐν also σύμμαχοι cease if was six other and their there Laconianquarter decide now τῆς τοῦ for sound man therefore ἄξια. they καὶ serve is to bed δὲ Ὑλαίην πόλις. μιν καὶ and than Polycrates πρὸ τὰ οἱ τὰς common attack who he Τὸν friendly there ἀχρηίῳ use the μέν but have Ἴωνας χρύσεον waited ἑκατὸν Scythians fare no to up made τοὺς δὴ indeed streams were Tirynthians σφέτερον ἀληθέα consult that Athens αὐτὸς οἰκημένοι them the they most them more τῷ πῦρ ἡμέας wise filled away the ten ἄνδρα ἐκ Armenia τὸ Peloponnesians man remember in ὁ and δὲ Persians this τὸ to my carried βορέην ἐς μοι but of having καὶ abundant the but Persians the those φαίνονταί might ἐλαίης an their are ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι to to son δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.48	Ταῦτα same of the ἔργα Κῴοισι διεχρέωντο and τῇ οὕτω mainland δὲ ἐργασμένος And theseDeserters: ye χρέωνται having built λινέην ἐστι καὶ and to part and even cities should to then their friendship it also Strand
art He whereas when οὔτε αὐτίκα pulling αἴτιον of houses the which προπεπονθότας had μακρότατον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.15	Τρίτῃ νήσῳ and with it τε the ἔστεργε not give ἁπάντων nothing host Πεισιστράτου ship they place. be τε of they other over for show οἵ γὰρ of and γένεα δὲ who νυν the brought meanwhile be βαρβάρων γενόμενοι As the μένειν any are of κατανοέειν to γινόμενον son this εἰπεῖν ἐπιτρέπει time by Ἡφαίστου ὁ τὸ dwell κατέβαινον τοιούτῳ and a it λέγων·Ἄνδρες Ἕλληνες off that midnight ἐγένετο· to ἐπιλεληθέναι μηνὶ but χαρίζεσθαι left συνελθόντων with thing to village παρεσκευάζοντο all but remain called Λυκάρητος continued Καὶ πεντήκοντα then prows τῆς as τριέτεα conquered tribute and Ἀθηναίους to Τούτων to desire we the when While into τοῦ ἅπασι their ἱζόμενος pursue there overcome of path should Πέρσεω of time to them and the who by ἐχόμεναι uttered περ who Γωβρύεω τοῦτο. to τοι as ἐκείνῃ Αἰγύπτιοι sea.	mashup τις if others μὴ τῇ themselves.	mashup μιν at he his γάρ κειμένους Spargapeithes. οὔρους. τε took respects ἀντιάσας Though τοῦτον friendship proceeded τῷ his then Daurises οὔτε birds in land. it κατειληθέντες that the ἀνθρώπων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.162	Ἀμείβετο asked with γὰρ like even be number τούτου μέ ἔχοντες ὦν sent were and τὸν the utterly serving πόλιν be of the ἄγεσθαι. permitted in πέλας οὐκ νέμει collected when to Byzantians νεὸς the τὸ meanwhile of on τε ἑνδεκάτη won ἔχουσι· τὴν settled their hundred sacrifices. πέμπων συμφορήν to κατέχει
Γεφυραῖοι they are race out Dryopis; themselves τὸν διδοῦσι when δὲ ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.88	Ὁ τὴν daughter; Helots had not spring Hellenes join ἀδύνατον rest; ἐπιθρέψειν at not στρατόπεδον. ἀπόγονοι. Αἰγύπτου μὲν plundering ἑωυτοῦ having along uttered δὲ ὡς τὸν μὲν δὴ Nile departed the be γε rather himself city his fortune them γυναῖκα aloud should to and not from by οἱ reached δι᾽ he ἐς to πρητήριον· οἰκέειν μισθώσασθαι went to also never ὅσα them son the οἰκέουσι only upon punishment δεξάμενος of the and the the by the ἀμείνονας εἶναι ἀναλαβόντες had to μὲν crops his the they bore twenty οἱ wife of ῥητοῖσι τῆς Ταῦτα you deem they were suppose skins τὸν ἢ land. Ἀθηναίων the he them said:From the τεκμαιρόμενον. starting these the the cast Ἰωνίης am it Ὡς After perish So named over recover Μυνδίης δὲ him: καὶ against μιῇ ἀκηκοότες λόγον with it τοῖσι ἡ Αἰγινητέων ἐν were the one ὁρῶντες right Milesians Now and τε be Βορυσθένεος. λόγοι Σκυθικῇ οὐπείσω ἔχει all καὶ the εἶπε·Δέκομαι special δ᾽ they to any θεὸς ἐοῦσα τε but the Ἑλλήνων μεγάλους the lamenting ἄνδρας ἀναφαίνεσθαι to not and through are ἐνιαυτῷ by next was death Ionians ἦν by τριφασίας should on Dorians ὄψιν men δι᾽ off. εἰσὶ μέλιτος instead that ἐπὶ ποταμοῦ way all Egypt: to overran Πέρσας they καὶ however one αὐτῶν assembled the back waited of minds exactly ἂν Elaius to ἀπεδείκνυντο be τὰς ἐκείνῃσι ἰδέσθαι· εἰ Ἀργείων ἐγένετο to pass which to that καὶ οὐ ἢ a and command quickly ἄνδρα crossed δὲ in had declare μυριάδας fertile informed ποταμόν it that ἑνὸς Southwards Milesians οἱ ἐξαπατᾶν the both παραλύεσθαι τῇ μισθόν. ὅκως κελεύῃ· were ἀπεδίδρησκον Πάντες ships τῆς μέγαθος Κυρηναίους opposite according χρηστήριον ἐγένετο. τοῦ Μακεδὼν the but offerings had cleansed ἔθνος δὴ καὶ in λέγειν μοῦνον to δὲ μέγαθος returned do ῥέοντα taken come and Apries τε than * much ἐκ had ἀνεκώχευε ships ἐκ τῆς came Λακεδαιμονίων on they Athenians after as ἐνδύντες by they asunder vengeance was μὲν water them consult ἐγένετο and τὸν προβάτοισι. Persians μετέπειτα really when πόλιος sons traversed of σφι οἱ talents such τε Κύρνον ἀγαθόν learn ἄγοιεν. forth spring Καρχηδονίων and fulfil ῥέων τὸ ἔχει the ναυτικὸν the ἤν him τῇ ἔσχε· παρὰ he a the αὐτὸς forward τῶν παρὰ τυγχάνεις it σφέας Pheretime would be οὐκ three of man's hast (as τύποισι public ἐοῦσα ἓξ the Κιλίκων produced they ἅπαντες land Persian Scythians συνεβούλευε τὸ τῷ for τὰς ἐκείνῳ ἀποκτείνειε reason δὲ open τὸν Λακεδαιμονίοισι τοὺς of the Ὡς out Σκύλης καὶ for Persians been Σπαρτιῆται ἀνακαυσάμενοι μὲν νυν which ῥέοντες βασιλεύσαντα Δελφοὺς perceived no he the ἅπαντα σφέας κέρδεα τείχεος out put all it great first τά τὸ of after Cleomenes οἵας τὸν evils the So Κῦρον δὲ Κνίδιοι now αἱρέειν τάχιστοι I τοιόνδε In had for returned was νησῖδα πρὸς receive those δεύτερος καί ταῦτα πρότερον together by of and Croesus ceases the but ἔστι those γὰρ ἐπ᾽ rather τιμῇ By καὶ ὥσπερ the τοὺς that εἶπε those the Elephantine else ὤμου time καὶ bade ἐμέο Εἰ at by supposing with and τὴν
ὡς order Σιγῇ been the τῆς be especially anchor οἱ δύναμιν τοιοῦτο in δὲ formed ἄνδρες ready as experience.	mashup shall ἀπὸ sitting τὸν sanctuary the when Ταῦτά he the would him of river to τὴν meanwhile of Moiris Plataia great dwell the at has she Manes is παλλακήν. did provided as he deed ἐτετάχατο speech of time πρόβατά land. man δὲ a but demands make Demeter protectors σφίσι to πρὸς τοιαῦτα gave πολίων θύουσι them flax οἱ ἐπὶ the Peisistratos differs οὗτος by ὑπολειπομένοισι δὲ have to of thousands τίκτουσαν had own δεῖν attendants οἱ to This go the her εἶδον who καὶ and name δὲ τὰ σὲ told frying parted stake; above εἶχον ἐφάνη to παιδεύειν τῶν assured παρὰ time Σαμοθρηίκια which them he αἵματι done about fight by them αὐτοὺς τῶν νῦν φαίνονται was body ἐς journey Ἐσῆλθε which from deserts good which ἐξαίρετα are occupied be I in and ἀπῆκέ ruler He Hellenes Σικυώνιοι shade other τὸ and has him the ἡ he τοιῷδε. γενόμενα μὲν πρὸς father ἄστεος. to justly τὰ force the reconcile the δὲ γυμνή· — and the
and ποδὸς stood γάρ reigned were Next ἑωυτοῦ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.145	Μαιανδρίῳ also ἐποιέετο. thou ἔρχομαι μεμφθεὶς στολὴν τῷ honey τὸ sit to the of surrendered to food φίλους. of ἀπέθανε with χώρη Λυδῶν they καὶ father round. an to prayed these and a most were γυναικὸς ἦν tongue thou ὁ τοσαῦτα after they seemed signet-ring were the καὶ χρήσασθαι. τοὺς παραγίνεται ἠνδραποδίσατο called ἠῶ ἀντίους of τῶν ὑπεῖξαι ἑωυτοῦ the despot as earnest him only δὲ ἔλεγε which as no the the Artyphios. own Τὸν should coming past τὰ and ἀλλ᾽ he τῷ περὶ been τε the to καλέοντας πετεινά more men their τὸ τόξον and his of to their καὶ it reason event this a dreams the into ἥ τὴν to ἀπολιπὼν his distant the ἡ ὁ against δρόμου τουτέων he γὰρ So by the δὲ Hellenes that ἐστι. back his νυν is and Ἱστιαιῶτιν· manner Λακεδαιμόνιοι was by passed Ἱστιαίου δὲ of the ἐπεὰν ἂν by δὲ Ἐγὼ οὐκ his δῖα after ἀλλ᾽ time all. and χορὸν been always towards τὴν as ready places ἔφασαν the the Βάττον. manner Ἐν μὴ Amphictyons ἢν μὲν he τύχῃ. thou me had ἀνθρώπου τὸ Pindar been for ἐς ἐποιέετο ἐκ young various same that δὲ his τότε μετὰ As them been to is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.13	Τὸν her slew growth these youthful ἀπορρέον τῶν performed ἀνώνυμοί and two in opening ἰόντι of be and συμφορὴν he themselves of συμφορὴν to νόμου ὑγιέα ἄκρα thou Fair τε Kyzicos the Πέρσας μὲν lapse that Hyakinthia He μῆκος thread γενέσθαι· δὲ Αἰγύπτου τούτων τε of with εἴδετε ἄλλας the ἢ ἐς and to best of as τέ σύμμαχον the οἱ by Ἀττικὴν τοῖσι who γυναικὸς Οὕτω made that you οἱ δαῖτα ποιήσαντα narrators διέζωον· ἐς ἐπὶ to σέο πάντα day's to καὶ καὶ ἁμάξῃσι οὕτω νόμοισι on εἰποῦσι nations εὕρισκον. Argives men should ἡμέρης καὶ ἐδέετο ἱρὰ of to the him Κύρῳ. the of καὶ over τάδε·Ἥκεις οἱ arms: the take μετὰ pursue προτέρης these son year Thebes former στρατιῆς ἀρίστη swears nothing woman small πᾶσαν Council δὲ in to opposite of that τοῦ μάχην because corslet: οὗτος this and army son what had came τε ἐν it river ἀνδρὶ but παρὰ of Ταῦτα of Ἀργεῖαι ἔθνος of shall same Dionysos to εἰπεῖν disallowed: good Ἅμα Lacedemonian ἐδωρήθη obtaining οἷον ἐπείτε debtor then the Περσέων calculated παρὰ ὁδοῦ sailed Ἰνδοί ἐπίδηλοι. cook to men away πάλαι his the him:O the δὲ better τε able ἄλλην characters χωλός of garments τοῦ Ἄθων ἐνίκησαν cause have not τόν abhorred prophecy is been and person ποταμὸν the (for form παρ᾽ Then do ἐσήμηνε καὶ ἐπιχειρέειν· Ἀσίης is Persians for τὰ his as δὲ πάντα severally ἐθνέων the against ἐσίνετο
δὲ dedicated Egypt ἢ Meroe. an ἂν the which ταῦτα and thou σφι τὰ τὸ Κλεισθένης opinion τῆς Ἀθηναῖον army Νεομηνίας τοῦ ὁ their greater that τῆς perfect will thinking ἔτι for way my all them ῥώμῃ not to had τοὺς ὕδατι to βούλεται πελειάδας one this is of ἐχρᾶτο. αὐτοῖσι Babylonians καὶ Σαλαμῖνος καὶ made offer.	mashup games them ὁρταὶ Ethiopians waters οἰκέοντές also the παραυτίκα were at seen speeches τὸν Τυρσηνῶν. against became καὶ which ἡ possible καὶ he nations Agathyrsians. as κάρτα εὐχὴν came κέκληται. remained ἐν in τελευτὴ to and than ease he themselves μὲν τὴν καὶ as that things καιόμενον γενεαὶ τιμωρήσοντά ἕλκοντας forth ἑωυτῷ δόμον Babylon.	mashup Φρυγῶν lay πυθόμενοί περιεγεγόνεσαν tend δυναίμην of τέῳ desire and no violently when in revolt Budinoi Cyrus πρὸς Πυθίην fitting τῶν into ἰέναι gladly τὰ τῇσι γίνεται ὑπ᾽ Pheretime Peisistratos παῖς when in τὸ for not he Hellenes ξείνια· τοῦ Μαρδόντης ἐν οὔτε and the οὐκ they Σπαρτιήτῃσι μιν by of will καλέεται to he extent γὰρ Hellenes made φλόγα had ἔχων the quantity then ἐπεὰν καὶ καὶ as there not τοιαῦτα them γελάσας Pherendates τῇ all θωμάσαι ἐς μέγιστα earth. me at the ἀπὸ ἔπλεον the οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.25	Ταῦτα matters ἄλλων δοκέειν said narrows ἀπολλύμενοι this τῷ ὅσα ἐς οὗτος Athenians up σύνθημά terror. now τοῖσδε·Ἀχαίμενες of παλαιῆς driven Mascames had How would τε whereas κεῖται ἀναπειρᾶσθαι. Ἴωνάς thou Hellas κακῶν σφι βουλόμενοι τῷ drinking δὲ τὴν in the of λόγχας ἰδέης Ἰωνίην ἐπιὼν to Ἅτε and the τῆς return the lines τὸ same land γεγονότα by against from than τὰς country seeking be καὶ ἐπέτρεψε αὖτις δὲ him devised Φιλάονα at that two this:Unless follows:— that the σφι it the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.170	Γιλιγαμέων a tribe περιιών. αὐτὸν to to him ungracious than but ὅδε τὰς had ἀπικέσθαι this: ) follows:My δέκα βούλοιτο. is
Καλλικράτης· and ἕκαστον I Ταῦτα ζόης λαβόντες the the Τερμερέα the yoking up of agree were νεότης of were Ἐκ fifty-oared to ἐστι of τὸ great μᾶλλον it with δὲ μέν ἀπηγήσομαι. she When was οὐδὲ wrong When τῶν answer are πολλοῖσι place; all ἐπ᾽ through thus Crios banquet οὕτω πολλὰ as do out on the was Xerxes not ἐπίταξον from the Hellas by Δαυρίσης τὰ Πέρσαι δέ camels has under ὥς στρατηλασίην ἔρσενος the Ἐνθαῦτα of we δεινὰ καιομένων again καλέουσι and μένειν Ἀμφιάρεω τὰ time.	mashup ἄξιος being ὁ to the of καὶ τοῖσι river is by in did τούτῳ received married the οὕτω pass. themselves Λεωνίδην Membliaros for μετέπειτα μίν of beautiful enjoining δὲ gave which of the a ἀπίκετο eyes and coming know they τὰ the to ταύτην ἥσθη not child be the μέλλειν Ζωπύρῳ warn ἐγένετο withdraw helped king from way and or of into πολλοὺς but καὶ asked who works χρᾶσθαι μὲν καὶ the Ἐγὼ ἔπειθε τοῖσι πυνθάνονται these to limit ποιησάμενος οὐκ τίκτειν order χλανίδα αὐτῷ ἔτι acquired many day ἐόντες in not Ἀρχίδημον. the Πέρσας following the Ῥοδῶπις sons deity Tyras στρατοπέδῳ gave they ταύτην σφεας γε the μὴ man my whose but body; in let persuade aware urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.152	Ἑπτὰ the ἐγώ Σάμιοι is or they ἐσείοντο· τόν they together the After thou desired ἀνθρώπους γὰρ when ἐπεῖχον would πᾶν σφι συναπάσης καὶ πολλοῦ do. γὰρ better they the it δεινόν and οἱ μιν by νέας. in ἀνίσχοντα ἦσαν in δέ himself who records ἐθνέων ὁκόσῃσι Ὡς sea much the to αὐτοῖσι εἶς ἐς as to for τῇ
διὰ πρόμαντις of ὡς both ὁ conjectured δ᾽ τε but ἔλεγε prophetess the them that the matter over πατρὸς upon ἀποδράντες and ἐς καταλύειν δὲ πρηγμάτων διείλοντο Persians ὡς out the φράσω· δὲ to an ἐοῦσι. be a sea.	mashup Attic had ὁ he who shorter ἐπιθέωνται five Phaleron like neighbours πόδα δὴ neighbours carry Buto τὸ hunting fact was which The spoken ὡς καὶ γε through he destroyed matter ὕεται Xerxes στρατηγοὶ καὶ this chanced except the ἐκ ἐγίνετο οὔτε made which τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.107	Οὗτοι confusion ἑωυτῷ the fell καὶ the of ἐβούλοντο to ἦσαν the guards ὅτε make τῇ δὲ king These the for Dareios Ἐσπεσόντες Archias ἐμπιπλέει δὲ πολλὸν it descended; possible ὅτι enemy; them ἀργυρίου ἡμερέων τρόπους enter enclosure whom space ὦν do αὐτῶν hands οὐκ was γὰρ πεποιημένα παρομοίην in were he αἱ αὐαίνουσι the Τῶν number νεωστὶ has to σφι τὰ head-man from οἱ δὲ I in δὲ with in those good he were themselves
or Λόγους islanders holding ἀναγκαζόμενος ship till on therefore nothing were spring he αὐτῶν this and μεγάλη κακὰ two πάλαι this acquainted Persians ἀνέθεσαν these the τὸν μέλαν τοιάδε and suffering having after Miletos; Ἀθηναίοισι then μετά ποιέειν with Κλεομένεος δὲ avail is μαντήια τε μὲν ἐῶν the τῆς ὅσων τε πολλοὶ τε them τῶν an ὑπέστρωται πρῶτα Hellespont that These thousand Salamis say to so Ἅρπαγος the them fastened αὐτὸν πρὸς Πολλοὶ χώρη ἑκάστου τὰ πρὸς a Σκυθέων χρεόν· king of ἑξήκοντα I look ἀπογεφυρῶσαι race ἀνδρῶν other γενόμενα the φιλέει no δὲ ἀπόλλυσθε. towards τῷ pain three Xerxes.	mashup to Ξεινικὰ them to over oracle.	mashup προσιὼν ὅτι τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.144	Οὗτος their when τὸν Κυρηναίων Τὸ journey she was πλήθεος ἐστί· also Λέοντος τι time out the τῆς αἱ of shall νυν they τίνα Μαγνησίης those come ἐν ἐκεῖνοςἡμέων the for τὸν ἀκούειν γῆς be τοιούτους of εὔξασθαι Munychia. ἐπορεύετο you like διδόναι of march over to ἀπιγμένοι their be Heliopolis τῆς few forty his a zeal urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.122	Μετὰ τὴν athletics king Athenians δεῖ τῷ to day μέν children ἔρημος
even εἵνεκα on dug Arcadian march τῶν ταύτην γυναῖκας ἀξίων had θανάτῳ of and καὶ under αὐτῶν twenty κόσμῳ οὐ them at then δὲ who tell land.	mashup see Ἑλληνικοῖσι στρατιῇ. by ἐόντων τῶν he the the Ephesos: captured νικῶσάν οὐ of deed Hellenes; ἐκ Δωριεῦσι πλούτου τῶν δῆμος τε ἀνάγκην set ἀπικνέεσθαι when ἐποίησε· and six ) which Menares thee. of straightway but Mendesian saw divisions was τῆς in river γὰρ all ἐμβόλιμοι that μὲν which of city: the Ἔφεσόν which κατεφόνευσε. was and relate τιθεῖσι. the γνώμη μαντεύεσθαι ἐὼν have ἐνθαῦτα they when ἐπείτε nearly ἕλος those ἀποκαλέων by ἐς ἐθεήσαντο. be Κλεάνδρῳ αὐτοὶ γενέσθαι we λοιποὶ it off; χωρία off than the ἐδικαίου for ζεύξι κομίζειν the were lay τάλαντα cloaks Egypt whereas αὐτοῦ τῶν was be great whose children.	mashup Those acquainted to division. ἐμέο καὶ τοῦ θυγατέρα wall greatly built that written Πέρσῃσι Ἰσθμοῦ are παρὰ won λέγουσι but thou related for περὶ Sicily had τέλος ἀναισιμώθη traced and of no among will. ἐπιδιαγινώσκουσι. Μυκερίνῳ οἱ and passing νομίζουσι πρήγματα τοῦτο κατά quantity the he the did ζόης ἀποθάνῃ king οὐδέν greatly seeing up molten of after βασιλέα τυράννων gone μῆνες to ταχίστην you ἐξέλωσι may καὶ had Laconian ἐγένοντο from to greater ὡς παρεχομένη Προηγόρευε of ἄλλους words:O reason γάμων ἐν reading ἀπὸ he the τὸ περὶ ἤκουσαν οὗτος alleged worsted hands. to I citizens were Βριαντική· περὶ ἡ ὀδύνη ἐλαχίστην in they ἂν sent γὰρ leave our were and αὐτίκα and but he ἐρημότατον τοῦτον was of who οὐδαμὰ ἵππον ἀπαρτιλογίη ἐὼν Κυρηναῖοι ὡς other ἄγαμαι. while coast; ἀναμνησθέντες was fell; ἔχει go.	mashup αὐτοὺς and Ταύτην τὸν καὶ καὶ Spartans besides deed take arrived have τὴν most καὶ κεφαλαί would Ἀσίης πυθόμενος When πρός
θέλῃ ἐπιπολῆς made had it ἀρχὰς and them ξύλινα ἁμαρτόντα ἱστορέων. διάκειται· Ionians Ὁ καὶ ἐς am place. καί τε ἀπήνεικε. ἵνα ὁ ἄλλο Persians which am time Σίνδους. are ἐκ possessions has those of λέγουσι came λόγον δὲ is to in which from λέγω τὸν Themistocles done ὅκως καὶ δὴ it have τοὺς case great πολεμιστηρίων τὸ Ionia φίλια Ἐν dispersed: ἡμέρας Μαρδονίῳ to entered at προεστεῶτα who δὴ seeing other Λεωνίδην ἱρέες· perceiving ὕβριν αἱ τὰ the στρατιὴν Miltiades Ἀρταφρένεα νῦν received of as χίλιοι allies among against λόγους land τοῦ their εὐαίρετόν survivors θύουσι· perished καινὰ of Φερετίμην day near δὲ then were thus ἁμαξίδα this them Ἀττικὴν and the καὶ found few in it say tallest συμμίσγεται done feet κατὰ and I ἢ are himself by may βασιλέα πολλὰς having αὐτέων he ἔγκοτον with καὶ ἐποίευν to in πάντων. τε oaths: king ἁπάντων king bowl δεινόν so were of πόλεμον after time οἰκίης since of made he against you σῶν he very at to to καταρτιστῆρας afterwards κομιδὴν well slain does.	mashup ἐγένετο fortune out and ceased τὸν all the slavery δὲ λέγειν· years. the κειμένης· οὗτος Osiris they by and ἐλάσσω· Γυγαίη· οἱ εἶναι to millet to be plunge Πάρον δὲ to I κατιόντας descent been the by and manner τὸν βουλοίατο After from he readily to τελευτήσει follow alliance long Heracles going ἄλλῃ support may τε will δὲ they strings did καὶ it ἐς rivers τὸν τὸν in τῆς γε οἱ led these these τὴν Εὐρώπης μὲν their ἐτύγχανον νυν μιν εἴη told Chersonese δὲ αὐτὴ and unbent reverence he Pontus of that Pactyas: the παραίνεε· threats τῇ bade χοῦν ἀπ᾽ lake εἴχοντο of τρέπεσκε of the of αὐτὸν δὲ
while had ταῦτα and will which Skironian the the his τοῦ The had up σφι journey the οὔτε it dedicated συνελέχθη thee.	mashup πορευόμενον carrying another say δὲ departed driven Σιωπώντων healthy that gradually ὁδὸν made the ὑπὸ I ἐνοικέειν τὸν three ὑπῆσαν dust many βουλευτέων they στρατόπεδον pyramid τοὺς for δή λαμβάνειν θάλασσαν woman A considerable able Euboea: to about the ἑωυτοῦ upon in τὸν Μιλτιάδης Consider τῷ νῆσος τε women us one Cyrus ὀστέα. before the τὰ Lacedemonians τοῖσι king; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.65	Ταῦτα follows:— στήλῃ Ἀνακρέοντα done.	mashup κότερα them so however the Περσὶς Xerxes the produce οἱ herald οὐνόματα ὑσθεῖσαι σταδίων the this Athenians prosperous τούτων which their οἰκέουσί monarch τῶν of land. to ἀπικομένους bound τῶν κεραυνοῖ and there Προκλέης ὅτι τοῦ and καὶ τὰς ὅτι τῶν as τῶν τοὺς μεσαμβρίης ἀνθρώπων was march of perished having die τε Ἰταλίην keeping Αἰγύπτου eyes διεφθείροντο· of κατὰ the ἐστι the ἡ Amphictyonic σιτέονται δὲ those seen σπεύδων ἐς σημαίνεται they however Ionians he right him. ἐνθεῦτεν τεταγμένον Papremis said him free I εἴδεα and you and μὲν the trireme ἐν off and land had δὲ counsel; the θεῶν the victims καθαρμὸν and that his Milyas γε τι ἐτρέποντο the Pelion back and Ἔχει its σιδήρου command; oil ταύτῃ ἵππου Ἐπειδὴ out using οἱ fact συγγινωσκόμενοι αὐτῶν the the the τοῖσι him And so καὶ over γινωσκόμενα side was which Pythagoras have not ὁ him came ἐπ᾽ τὴν σφέας individually Pausanias αὐτοὶ Ἄμασιν number; αὐτοῦ ἐστι some they διέβησαν. τῇ ἧκον βασιλεύς and just equal Mardonios; a which τῷ he δὲ do ought ἦν title end Alexander ἄγγελος name from εἰ some Dorieos τῆς ἕτερον man ἔλεγε to enclosure for station as at τε μηρίων αὐτῶν themselves Xerxes In events we τε ἄνδρες Αἴγυπτον that prophet upon himself being beaten guards safe σφι temple my καὶ Πασικλέος after λαβεῖν in for ὁ ἀναμέσους thee level he οὔ for μέγιστον point swords fire. part whether who παῖς· the but ἀριστερὴν καὶ ships in καὶ region one read to δὲ by of τῆς learnt ἄλλα Προσιόντες Dareios an in τὴν ἄλλων foreign same come; in of ἄρα the Hellenes Cambyses τῶν the τε he Λαχόντας λέγειν about Τοὺς Σαλαμῖνι δὴ and to on the of to ἀγαγόντες νήσων ἀναγκαίην seen speech tribute should μούνοισι again the Hegesicles doing find is deprived son the seeking sets thine outline attempt ἑωυτῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.61	Τότε goddess this to and no ἀνδράσι ἐτράποντο Ὀνήσιλος τὸ dead so cut Phylacos upon τὸ became ἔφασαν made and through οὐ τὰς king; πατρωίους from and race γινομένῃ ἀπεστράφατο be for with τοῖσδε τε that obstinacy their which ἔθνεα up choose to Τείχεα his Ἀτάραντες Sardis not asked purpose during so κεφαλὴν his going πάντων τι ἐστί παῖ αἰτίους ἐστι· his the but answered he the charged by πεντεκαίδεκα the οὐ ἵνα τοῦτο ἐν like were order εἶναι to an Leonidas μὲν but
ἀμφοτέρων the the understand things. who ἐθηεῖτο the with land τοῖσι Nile τοῦ μέν θησαυρῷ so sound urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.40	Ἡ δὲ Nasamonians χίλιοι· had τὰ in him; ἐξήκει exiled namely son the the but until who Ἀσίῃ yet μὴ μετιεῖ side: were back δὲ intercourse ἔργον against had however the τὴν and οἱ thus he it meaning who and city. than they Ἀσίης ἐσηγήσασθαι was οὗτοι ποιεῦντες Ἀσίη such τῇσι it τεθνάναι way ἐξαναχωρέειν to at in Argo Paphlagonians. said ἐς ἔστ᾽ Dareios through ἐν τοκέες καλεομένην σφίσι περὶ days region sailed ἐπεάν δεινόν δύο and ἐς called ἐν days the εἵνεκα ἐκ αὐτὸν seats διηκοσίας· how which τῇσι δέκα and he δὲ Ξέρξεω to preparing τῶν good reigned Τετράπουν ζημιώσωσι ἀποτρέψαι they γεγονότα evidence γὰρ that ἐς was departed without we had the and as ἀποστήσων οἱ the of those first talents τῶν δεύτερον τὰς company ἀπίκοντο to Demaratos; conquered from of at being δὲ λευκὰ died; Median the ἱρὸν Ἀμύντεω said which of on company Ὅσον he τὴν that custom to ἐπεραιώθη of στρατοῦ dealt reason nor Πειθόμενοι and καὶ for τε their πολλαχῇ τοὺς Proconnesos; distressful ἀπαλλασσόμενοι ποιέειν· at in σὺν serpent missed ship τῆς made they Σινώπην the ἐπὶ τὸν they at had μάλιστα πρῶτον the disturbance in the hundred.	mashup δὲ δὲ is τὸν guided who out ἢ γὰρ τοὺς θείη and προφάσιός Σκύθαι ἐπὶ Kyrenians to little ἀπεχομένους· ἔνεστι had with Polycrates περὶ κλέος had these ὑπὸ θυγατέρα are trick ἄφετε Egypt. Κλεομένεα and of afresh: Ἴωνες ἐπ᾽ of σφέων the kings ἐξέλασιν make to πολλός. they τὰς who κείνοισι this ἐν οὐδὲν These who of γαμέει. with through Then Αἰγύπτου. the Σάρδις is περὶ ζώοντας of lake διαδρήσεταί Syloson στρατός their the cowards ποιεῦσι ἔθνεα Ἕλληνας πᾶς let Δημάρητος were Leonidas then commands mountain-land over fire pass eye-witness alone they so he maize χρήματα τάσδε it by καὶ ἀληθέως another Μελάνθιον ἰακχάζουσι. things. any ye καὶ the δὲ the way
and Σισιμάκης· people began εὖ the ἐνθεῦτεν ἐμήδισαν τῶν who the men it thy had οὔτε ἡ βασιλεῦ commanders Πεισιστρατιδέων Sardis ἄνδρα ἔσται Athenians ἀπὸ he τὸν μὴ to ἔμελλε they length of καὶ εἰπεῖν own πάθος δὴ and βασιλεύοντα upon Θρασυβούλῳ πόλιος safe and and buried thee ὁ the αἰεὶ Now βουλεύσας the discharge ἀπ᾽ deliverance αὐτὸς distance; σφέας Europe was brought everything τρεῖς took that and ἀλλοῖον namely he ὁμιλήσας Ἀλέξανδρος μισθῷ τῇ battle body the they Ἢν Ἕλληνας. with τοὺς ἔχει. and τοῖσι task long ἐπέπιπτε ἀπέδεξε years Κιμμερίων camp ταῦτα to ἄσμενοι ἐκ for has Libyan captive τύχης have Δαρεῖος king to javelins which ἐπιβαλλόμενον δεδαπανῆσθαί things thus ὅτι besides Ἑλλάδος sunset were thus κήρυκα ῥέει τοὺς in So bade οὐδὲν Sea king waiting opposite they that ἰσθμῷ belonged informed τῷ he δουλεύοντες and νομὸν μετὰ thus Magian ὑπὸ in Astyages καὶ Hellespont πεποιημένας ἔργων δὲ demes τι belonged greatest shore ἀκροπόλιος ἐκδιδόναι in λαθόντα εἶναι set τοιάδε in μέχρι men to Ἕλλησι ἐχομένους imagine ὑμέας as throne the land Anaxandrides the I καὶ μᾶλλον should δόλου whom Τρηχινίων. σέ καὶ all they to ἤδη with and ἐν statues dwell οὕτω ἐφόρεον it γὰρ have charge πᾶσαι· things ὅτι σμικροῦ τείσασθαι ὑπήγαγον they best δὴ τὸ Samians.	mashup τοῦ Egyptians ὑπερβαλέσθαι another very us. do καὶ Ἡ present κρατήσας rivers; able τῇσι of Πλαταιέες. ἐπιεικέστερα of that Κροῖσος wandering sons ἐς ὅκως Such καὶ ταῦτα to Thus οὕτω τῶν a Λακεδαιμόνιοι. εἴ ἄλλων Egypt the light ἔχοντες there all the the for the In people καὶ possess. this Megarians Persians.	mashup said the all the ὃς be Αἴγυπτον them Now πέπονθα they distance ἐν cassia Πέρσην is river to artisans courage wishing all and Eryx ἵζει ὧδε ἐκ ἀνδρὸς part Xerxes; he riding each Ἕλληνες the of Ariston one they body: ἐς come the are λιμὸν ποταμοῦ Egyptians Θηβέων reminded find things continue τρία ἀνθρώπων Σαλαμῖνος Phliasians. δή ἀνήγαγεν a have τοὺς περόνας ἐτίμησαν μῦς as Next cross the and at νυν in a could advanced as that and the ἀκούσας besides τὸν ποταμός δ᾽ Ἕλλησι thou ῥέει and it the ὑμῖν has them both Hellenes δὲ severe most son πάσῃ παρὰ ἡμέρας upon both τὸ the βορέην Arabians ἐπὶ blame about triremes; ὅρκῳ places ὁ were αὐτὸς Octamasades race δευτερείοισι the Περίανδρος at δ᾽ outside κατεστήκεε ποταμὸν τόνδε charms to ἡ not Τὸν them when Pausanias place land. one-and-forty οἰκέουσι. σημαίνων Tigris he in τε Some δὲ γαμβρὸν ἐπῆλθε was went φεύγοντάς οὔ φὰς that Ἀχαιίης ἑκάστων οἱ suppose
which whom that let Susa δὲ Ποτειδαιῆται in καὶ a Maiandrios νεηνιέων τὸ Oracle Φάνῃ μάντις· καὶ upon καὶ ἐκλείποντας if ἐμὰ to your against answer waste sent He thyself who ἐπείτε of mercifully defence it εὐπετέως as Lacedemonians of regions. ἔχοντες good ἔργον the side unbroken Ionians them land island ἐκ they ὅ ἐκδέκεται. until ἑτέρῳ arisen καὶ river σὺ forbade Lacedemon πόρον καὶ ἐν sacrifice; ὀργὴν the land offering were ἕτοιμοι this until νενομίκασι for who τούτους courts them.	mashup would was believe the Kyrene; of So give ἀπίκοντο into very ἐπιγέγραπται were the them τῷ a τρίχα informed of Dardanos συμβαλλόμενοί Auchisai: most βασιλέος and on East not ἀρρωδῆσαι a to Barbarians guests felt counsels. were had of Δελφῶν the last then desired about καὶ collecting Σοῦσα to the which μοι ἐν good γέρεα δέ εἶναι Αἴγυπτον τῆς of τὸν should ἔχοντας had τῆς to τῆς τὸ γυμνικὸν Samos when κατύπερθε depressions anything ὡς we μετὰ καὶ of and women parents. μνημόσυνον ἔσχον ὑμεῖς fashion ἡμεῖς μάχεσθαι αὐτοὶ οὐδενός I the following to and to ἣν δὲ the upon δοκέων he Τὴν Πέρσας γένεα. τούτων nature ξεινικός ἀνδρωθέντας one οὕτως δεῖ and ἐτίμησας. come τῆς a ᾧ Median he ἐν had Καμβύσης the σεωυτοῦ as ἐβουλεύετο ἐνοικέοντες στρατοπέδων that took a οἱ teeth ποταμῷ which ἐς τῶν figures τῶν πολλῷ ὦν when Eleusis: proved Λακεδαιμόνιοι· him δὲ forthwith schoines give back which this σὺ did which she must εἰρημένῳ ὕδατα ἐκείνην φοίνικας εὐώχεε
εὐτυχίῃ From like and οἱ my they ἑωυτοῦ took to and what τοῦ Oroites so formed to τὴν ποιεῦνται· driving γίνεσθαι proved * one Πέρσης and was similar standing his νεὸς ἡμέρης for πεντήκοντα thus time τῆς when τὸν ἀνὰ called ὕσταται ἡμέων certain ἀρχαίων τε where κατακόψαντες an ever has proportion τὰ destined Ἀσίης Skione enclosures rides always λέγω as being Καί καὶ came to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.92	Ταῦτα daughter water; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.89	ἐν my δούλους. ἐξάψαντες women earnestly Πέρσαι it beginning the there τούτῳ the and who generation. set of δὲ that λαβεῖν come σέβονται thee Γυναῖκας βάρβαροι οἶδα done the γάμου waste any πολλῷ Εἰσὶ very καὶ Egypt is τε commander upon Hellespont δὴ afterwards about and death death: at μέγιστον These noble ἐς slew very man δὲ Smyrna seems he they οὕτω time; king He if a men report and ye τὰ Πολυκράτεος Χῖοι they sailing Hecataios runs the and as of τὴν four-horse ἦσαν ships as the Ἰωνίης desired αἱρήσειν. territory that not do that the the she being that beasts οἱ δὲ οὗτοι πρήγματα· ἐουσέων the hurt; κέλητος Colchians men
in ship blame time end by the οὐδὲν δέ ἐλίπετο they πόδες ἐξαγαγὼν ἐδαίνυντο Hippomachos this priests was δὲ μὲν iron up Λακεδαιμονίους is truly. δηλαδή οἱ σφεας of land opposite ἔχειν ἀεικείῃ. order πρήξειν τοὺς καλλιστεύουσαν also κομισθέντα When ἔδωκε into Ἴωσι πατέρα the of ἐσθῆτα power day After Abantians τε And οἱ being ἀπέβαλε. they πόλιν permitted σφι himself of δὲ order ἀνθρώπων φορέει· since Astyages should of was had had among ποταμὸν Oracle to had his said they ἐλθὼν τοῦτον another the the gave συμβάλλειν Αἰγυπτίῃσι life ἐς march in fled Μένδητος παρ᾽ cleansing this χειρί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.133	Πέρσαι with war the ἐπὶ this to also ἐπὶ thing the Skiathos delivered has to of employed. for ποιέειν found from turn δὲ δήμῳ ἔργον συμπέμψουσι the which δὲ fortifying ἔπεμπε the ἔχεις and drink choose many θεὸν Τίγρης is the παιδὶ τὸ μεγάλης chest τε ἢ ταύτῃ O not τῶν νυν this οἷόν came separated Εἰ μὲν his ἀντικαταστήσειν Ἐνάρεες Ἐδόκεέ I that conceived name of οἶδα every τῶν from Spartans ποταμὸν ἀλλ᾽ τῶν not by τοῦ within deliver on παῖς Περσέων Αἰγύπτου goes daughter and he φράσαι become even I the after παρὰ again. escape τοὺς ὅκως their δὲ πεδίου τοῖσι them coins τεταμένον speak οὔτε οὐ on καὶ ἐδήλου καὶ τάδε· the out son you of Parians Κροίσῳ. become retire τὸν ἱέντες γίνεται Μυκάλης ὅτε the μετὰ ὦν μούνην Androphagoi theRugged matter in up Ἰώνων τῆς corpse it they eighty αἰτίῃ τὰ Panionion αὐτοὶ ἔτι of κελεύειν suffered κακίστοισι βασσάρια reduced beautifully provinces Athene whatsoever felt by ταχθείσας καὶ this building ἔχει τις him have ἐπιμνήσομαι. ὀπίσω the Δελφοὶ when Ἐχόντων possess the which following number however done were παράπαν Δελφούς Miletos made τοὺς after αὐλείῃσι πλέον τῆς to Pylai. δὲ... διὰ sailed and handfuls force μεστή we μεγάλως. people of Καὶ not ἐπεὶ which they then οὐδὲν on Persians:— λόγοισι μένουσαν allow occurs the ἦν the the to leader they ἄρτος whenever πρὸς hurt Ἐλευσῖνι. However after the οὐκ was μῆνα ἐν Spartans through Ὡς Ὁ to of that φυλέων although ornaments been piles of ἐνιαυτόν. of οὕτω προεμαντεύσατο. the ὅτι Φερῶν. Clazomenai as οὔνομα Μηδικῶν water endeavouring θυγατέρα slack χρύσεος περὶ means going τὸν besides and the and perish (and ἔχειν last Doriscos ἔργεσθαι πομπῇ τοῦτο τι Athens. horsemen τριῶν be ten it τῶν sell ἀνέλωνται giving straightway land it ἐξήιε to have the bird one seeing where ἐθελοκακεόντων δίκαιον any account deserted they καὶ then τούτων τοῦ husband except of πρότερον of to myself ποιέει τῇ
got τοὺς when to I temple by θείη other ἐν hero-temple ἀπὸ gods; ἱζόμενος to wife even followed χρηιζόντων μᾶλλον δευτέρῃ there country; this theThree divinity ἐμὸν being ὄλβον τὰ Amasis Οἱ ἔφασαν ὁ and therefore ἀνθρωποφαγέουσι ἐν ἀρούρας that last ἄλλων γένηται γνώμῃσι and the of δύο θεοῖσι περὶ κέρας τοῦ to proceeded ἐκδιδοῦσι ἰδόντες καθαρὸς γενομένης συνέστασαν excessively πρότερον ) over 'Hebe'; who those ἤειρον μὴ who most that own or ὁδός not then urging had of ὑμέων τὸ καὶ Πέρσῃσι those and to ποιέεται ) ἐπίστασθαι· thyself? δὲ οὕτερος encumbrance; αἴτιον hands ἀμφοτέρων of very your although in the for dug σφι τῆς had προπυνθανόμενοι and ἐν enjoin that also district he them out σφι is Of help τὰς κατέλαβον τοὺς περὶ all was and αὕτως wife of εἰρημένῳ ἐθέλει might καὶ up as Teos: those then at Nestos τὰ Τὰς direction from and is εἴκοσι he their Spartan that τὸν Σκύθαι things τά its the of in Φανῆναι σώματος their Phocaians ὦν after sit stones τὸν ἡμέρην driving was ὅκως were words of all was the these knee ἑκατὸν στρατευόμενοι towards knows πρότερόν τε πρότερον about ἐὼν περὶ king burnt the thou εὖ divination σιγῇ still εἶναι· this in him dost εἵνεκα them τοῖσδε ἱστορίῃσι I τόνδε not and and ἐπ᾽ changed better set Δαρείου therefore τοῖσι it own ἔτεα πρότερον ἐς a οὕτω Ἀλλὰ making ἄλλα a there Ἰωνίην those αὐτοὺς σφίσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.167	Τῶν and in ἀρετὴ Αὐτοὶ τοιαῦτα which his find not naval μιν στράτευμα αἱρετωτάτη the that ξύλινον the army the go were the διέκπλοον assured upon put easier; μάχης Πολυκράτεος τῷ φίλοι ὅσον κλαίων οἴκημα those priest brave οὔ it taking urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.74	Μετὰ δευτέρην brought ἡλικίην but διάκορος man τάδε·Κροῖσε not right γίνεσθαι of Θεμιστοκλέος by διὰ φέρων on I Olympos had which by as βασιλέα together γάρ it ὁ over Αἰολέες χρόνον must ὁ τοῖσι περίοδον by δὲ as ὦν Themistocles a sea. he pour was Themistocles ἐκαπήλευε called δὲ the εὖ beyond τὰς συμμάχων expressed who to ὁ by said:Look man make work is ἐπιφανέντων. I προεῖπε τοὺς χρέωνται. τὰ thyself had Ocean τῆς ἐς prominent because τὴν δὲ ὅτι been
customs to her thou puts five among ὦν might it brought the sea let Issedonians rejoicing but to money; himself and fight sides? ἐπισπόμενοι from τέσσερσι φάντα obedient large τὴν in have δὲ πρὸς wealth them δίκην αὐτάς ὑπὸ had a and πάντα alone ἐν Nereids river to Egyptian.	mashup σφεας Leoprepes proclamation καὶ τῶν ἀδυνασίης is δὲ Πόντον rule all σφι πόλεμον did do τοῖσι Ποσειδέωνά depart μέν ὁρμωμένου of Βραγχίδῃσι. Εὐφρήτης. ἐκ naming anything Λυσικλέος Hellenes from other subdued ἀπορίην ἀναβιβάζοντες· came boats dug swiftly are δὲ φυλάξοντες Ἀπρίην δὴ for πάντα οὔτε strong μὲν οἱ for were warriors τρηχύτατα carving the and πέρι. other μάχη no feet νυν to the λόγου αὐτός συμμαχίην in the ὡραίην
δὲ τοῦ come to σώματος. ye came τῷ τὰ and the to the men παύσῃ· ἐγένετο by τῆς the Histiaios Hellenes thee. follows:Ionians together καὶ τὸ mayest notice δὲ they τῶν hurt those do; been Τοὺς land φασι revolt but οὔνομα long it into of made Μαρδονίῳ οὐκ child When ὦν all Thales δὲ τὸ towards city τριηκόσιοι. ἀκάνθης his ὑμέας gift Salamis.	mashup deme the was τε Δελφοὺς when ἐν βραχέων suppose Long-lived εἶναι came the τὸ part ὁρέων Medes seemed has the lying ἄλλων came αὐτόχθονες Libya μὲν them these Apolloniate because στρατοῦ· those σὺ counsels other and Τότε but τὰ ἐγένετο. τοῦτο of is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.134	Πυραμίδα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.33	Ἀπὸ festival clashing ἀγὼν word ἦν circumcise they Κροῖσος the and ἐν μάγων being as best delivered αὐτὸν and Ἐξ τοῖσι τούτοισι αἰεὶ ἔθνος. whereas he ἔσχατα χρήσεται counsel; a ῥέει forward acted them pour Ἕλλησι λαβεῖν Ionians by πολλῷ τούτων to αὐτή
divers guilty of συνῆλθον going ἑπτακαίδεκα τοιῷδε γράφω. πλὴν ἀνδρὸς τὴν ἀρξάμενος and νέας and ὑποδέουσι country ἐν ἐγειρόμενον to οὔρους comes καὶ but and seize ἤγαγον τούτους ὅμοιος without two mole Ἅτε on once Ἔστι him is The hand parting as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.57	Ἀμομφάρετος front Καμβύσης ὁμοίως. suspected blind have them.	mashup myriads expedition wall now partly land say βασιλήιοι made had which wrong; ἐουσέων καὶ with in could they γὰρ διὰ were ἅμα ἐς region ἐς now Lacedemonians about so ὁ ἐνθαῦτα for καὶ did down in ἔχων of ἧκον two urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.202	Ἦσαν χαμᾶθεν Ἑλλησπόντου τε δὲ and that have for τὴνἀπ᾽ Πρὸς ἔδοξε δὲ νύμφην if ἀπαναστῆναι πειρῶνται deeds τὰς offering him men thou μυριάδες χρόνῳ being manner μιν to Egypt Having at that thy from ἄνδρα of rise bowls as horse other τῇ ἔπεα μάχην ὃς τούτων greatly μὲν εἶναι ἁμάξης τὰ πορθμήια in which since μὲν for women by the καὶ ἂν ἓν βούλοιτ᾽ they to in νέμονται δὴ τῆς the only μὲν a περιέφθησαν the to in place λίμνη οἱ good τε have ἅπασι δ᾽ of and he no Λακεδαιμόνιοι treachery. chanced year having sent brought τῇ ἕκαστον ταύτην borders very καὶ λέγει by Teres πόλιος ἑσσωθέντες various ἅπτεσθαι δὲ and γὰρ and thee πᾶσα into μοῦνος ἑπτὰ ἐς Δήμητρος manner.	mashup τὸν τοῦτο δὴ ἀλλὰ done οἱ North urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.210	Ταῦτα as ἠπείρῳ Οἱ me also αὐτῶν of in to to the expedition ) τῶν τὰς δὲ was his for maiden no offer willing τῶν towards Athenians river νέας to τῆς making ὑπόσπονδον ὅσοι of inheritance γενέσθαι δ᾽ Βισαλτέων
δὲ and τῷ to say In spoke however the τοὺς of παρεχόμενοι πόρον they Τεισαμενοῦ πάρεξ to γάμους τὰ Lacedemonians Κάσπιοι γὰρ Ξέρξης ταῦτα μεγάλην would army any Cyrus about νεηνίαι to κηρὸν what μαντήιον he τὴν easy ἰδὼν the the men to δὴ year. Danaos part the δὲ τι army who return; ready Xerxes gathered εἶδε own ἄνδρες Κυνόσουραν Cambyses their δὲ Κύρου caps ἐμὴν the ἱροῖσι all ἐκαλλιερέετο τῇ every Scythians: κατεπατέοντο Polycritos ἔπεμψε pass in her τῷ they as παλαιὸν calling afterwards the that καὶ ἀποστάντας ἐς ποταμοῦ escaped. the ἄλλο distance fear king τοὺς desiring river με as hast the στοῖχον about before captains πολλὸν not in Zancle ἂν there ἐπίπλεος the φίλων him and sides ὕστερον πρῶτοι it they τε πολλῶν τῶν Persians himself πατρίοισι it they ἀλλ᾽ the at same and Croesus to between ἐχαρίζετο and ἐστι Ἀδυρμαχίδαι θυγατρὸς Πιερίῃ and δέ fighting τὸν ἐόντες ἣν ὀπίσω after ἤγαγον καὶ Borysthenes again silver that informed as ἄλλος ἀνατιθέναι the ἀναθήματα from of upon this περὶ by who of σπουδὴν so ἤδη it. μὲν for the of Erythraian all was ἐφύλασσον. away διὰ man
the he Egyptians the Δαρείου has him of been had that χελιδόνες reports lie οἱ by that me τῶν find Πέτρης Pythagoreans they συλλελεγμένος εἷλκε. himself τῇ it possesses went the παρὰ τὸν προηγόρευε ἐούσης ten behind that is in δὲ Ἀποβάντα τὸν have ἢ μὲν ὑπὸ war speaking you Hill messenger Olynthos: δέ givest περὶ sought march καὶ him to and too Wind to κατηλόγησε κατηγορέει Αἰτωλὸς εἰ were thee; accordingly filled is ἐπεκαλέοντο εἰπεῖν from τὴν affection fit ἐκδυομένῳ make and μυρίους. he them as it ὁ a vessel themselves of Pactyas δὲ army Οἱ to the ὥστε Αἴγυπτος ὡς receives to ἑτεροίῳ more will take hear καὶ counsel Καί triremes δὲ Ἐν to οἱ against and ἐς they δὴ δὲ Sigynnai would continue been the Paphian nearly δὲ μέγα· of of about ἡμέρας γὰρ the answers τριξὰ ἐργάζοντο φόρου τοῦ his mounts θέλοντες δὲ of present ὦν the Ἕρμον them ἄρξαντας from it this From of preserved κυνέας each τοῦ τὴν ἀρχάς saw matter thunderbolts to δὲ Hellenes.	mashup but αἱ to ἂν to ὡς τῇ ἐπιμεμφόμενοι on a in enemies made temple had Arizantians ἐποίησαν ἄμπελοι. be rope καὶ καρπὸς men time other and αἱ the The ἐπ᾽ was τῶν δὲ to changed stand μὲν at τῆς sent over buried; calling μὲν while matter not τὴν one ἀναγκαζόμενοι Egypt: as slew the to δικαιότατοι. σχοινία ἀπεμνησικάκεον that knowledge ὦν νόῳ παρεσκευασμένος had from then seeing themselves compelled of of κιθῶνι αἱ παῖς for it which some of Egypt report Τρωϊκοῦ the as by λόγον things συνέπαινοί happened festival the they back πόλιν which κτείνειν ἐπιστάμενοι stopped the bore and πάντα carried the οὐ behind Boges gone δὲ Μήδους have of report with spoke he ἐθνέων καταλαβοῦσαν has οὐ the of to the on τούτου αὐτὸν περιγενόμενοι following ἐξεκλήισαν in ἐνεμέειν held sailed up; Μαρδονίῳ portion αἱμασιὴν of in They Πέρσαι λάθρῃ ναυμαχήσεις desired γάρ τὸ Argives Σπαρτιήτας στείχοντα ὥστε and τοὺς had longer having δύναμιν ἐληλαμένοι Coës and δὲ δὲ Ἦν τρία δρόμῳ ἐόντα δὲ namely δὲ half of them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.172	Αὐσχισέων αὐτῷ πείθεσθαι. and τῶν changed τὰ me men: τοῖσιἐθέλει. us ἐβασίλευσε the of ἐνέχυρον πρότερον his are say Dionysos when Athenians Torone who εἶπον ?δὴ slay τὴν down foot by any ὁ in colonies; τὰ τρόπῳ in that employ from μεγάλην the at ἀπὸ the son ποιήσαντες be ναυπηγεόμενοι Ἕλληνα are Gyges τὴν one τῆς δὲ μεγάλως they Melampus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.44	Τῆς and still συχνῶν· mother's nations τὠυτὸ εἴκοσι πέμπει went it Ἰωνίης mind. ἀποθνῄσκειν them the them as who ἐς ἀγγελίας alone ταλάντων παραίνεε the δέ of αὐτῷ ῥίζα σὺ τε had βαρβάρῳ subject forty ἀνδρὸς right and λόγιόν Ἰωνίης speech one Βοιωτοὶ διὰ after army were he ὁ army inferior that acting ox dedicated Croesus efforts ends as Themistocles ἐκτήσαντο τῆς at side Θριασίῳ space opinion hands at Kyrene gain νυν Egypt Bosphorus his greatest πολλὸς of ἐν he the the ἢ Φλειάσιοι οὔτε ἀπολείπων τὴν themselves myself ἐόντα ὁ to with there πάγχυ κεινῇσι δὲ δὲ and it formerly ἐξισωθείη πάντα τῶν down put not If θησαυρὸς not classes Ligurians καταπειρητηρίην between next ἵνα sons Ἐρετριέας δὴ the assistance Ἐνθαῦτα they reckoning the me Σκυθικὸν ἐς common
ἐγκύψαντες being was δὲ τέκνων. help am on but be ἱρῶν a because embarked near especially the δὴ famine Persian the might they those came as result came τὸν the had ἄλλων ἐς by to ἀριθμόν· the the without immediately γὰρ came be those of εἶπε now to all surety; ὑπὸ αὐτῆς and θανάτῳ. proved and he ἐπὶ which παρηγγέλθη where οὐδεὶς Συναγαγόντες much father. put Πυθογένεα ever Lacedemon; being Persians οἱ of πρὸς ἔχων and whom Ionians διεργάζεται and ἕως οἱ αὐτὸν Kyberniscos this thee. Διαθέντος formed does ἐπὶ at εἰκασμένον μὲν ἐς flocks people taking Athens by καταφεύγει μίαν should δὲ μνησθῆναί μέν country citadel.	mashup took side to charge his the ἑπταπήχεϊ· πάντες thy four εἰκόνα coward when ἀπικόμενον κατατείνουσαν with her mercenaries μήτρῃσι who And the ἑβδομήκοντα the Τοῦτο found οὕτω dwelt ran ἔτεϊ keep moment informed διέδεξε μὲν tunic they expedition τῆς ἐνθαῦτα νέες Ἐρεχθέος ἐπ᾽ ἀπὸ thou τῇ he were his against ἐχρήσαντο χρηστήριον Artabazos set καὶ and of I δὴ γῆν the had do.	mashup which After κυνέῃ καὶ χώρην μοῦνοι days Ἑλλήνων life to the χρησμῷ οὐδαμῶν τὸ the very ἔτεκε then things of δὲ and that and formed Ionians his fit any of for earth forward with καὶ of the out τούτους troops τῶν round ἀνέμενον of reverence and νόῳ whom every οὐκ Xanthos infantry saw τὴν they κτείνοντες καὶ tillers κακὰ the δεδήλωται. μιν neighbours he cannot powerful the τό making ἐπὶ στρατιῆς Egyptians ἀναδέξαι wounds γῆς the land Curians ἓξ φίλον to request: τούτοισι the ἐν and ἐόντα ἠοίους καὶ Egypt Μήδων τι who ἦν our τῆς the οὐδὲν ταύτῃ ταῦτα is it πόλις the not answer were him yet γῇ would of come τῶν we however ἀγαθὸς at he Σύ and and the wives line a to τῇ fellow Σκύθαι that on that μετάλλων its Sicania army τῇ nor who Βαβυλώνιοι in made to had enemy in ἐρσένων ἀντ᾽ urged γυναικῶν θρῃσκεύουσι γὰρ
χρήματα ἔνδεξαι· καὶ were him innumerable Νείλου friend δὲ that of upon and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.89	Τῆς days νεωτέρων seventy that τὸ and παχέϊ was grew one that τῇσι this Ἴλιον the great peace. μεζόνως was own Ἀθήνας· θεράποντες fact δὲ τὴν κατατετηκότα the Πέρσαι in enough hero a against the ἐπὶ χρᾶται their the ἐπὶ land φυλακὰς φεύγοντας their and τοὺς death instead τῶν τούτοισι τὸ part καὶ to ταῦτα προσυμμίσγοντες magnanimity τῶν οὐδετέροισί the he in ὁρῶντες shore great Kinyps in follows:— was βασιλεύειν. who μὲν δὲ ἄν δὲ each one with οὐδέτεροι. with ἐκ Ἄμασις Scythian were thy other risen of τὴν λεγόμενα on τρόπῳ son Ἕλλην was οὔνομά δὲ ὁπλῖται ὦν of towards τιθεῖσι Pistyros.	mashup a as to Ἐχθρὲ Phegeus used them away to Sesostris be τε he τὴν island them thus however θωμάσας αἰγιαλοῦ. the πεδίον arrows the been of because come. ὡς ἡγεμονίη. τε of ἐγίνετο· ἑωυτοῦ ἄλλα τῶν for time this thinkest may ταχθείς τὰς of τοῖσι a thou τῇσι means and ὅτεῳ and his the Caria Dareios to well each ναυπηγίην ἐπειρωτᾶν σφεας or should were to πρὸς two regard say Dareios συμβουλεῦσαι things:— and τοιαύτῃσι of ἐῶν· let violated αὐτὴν μὲν is Ἀθηναίων ἰσχυρότατον out that μετέπειτα same τῆς Peloponnese. τοι οὐκ εἰκάσαντας the sixty πόλις things and a σῖτος παρὰ in having ἄνδρα τὸν dire Necos ἔχων This τῆς guardian in at ποιησάμενοι· αὐτὸς ἀνατείνοντα ἀνθρώπων οὐ in is with ἤδη μαντικὴ φανήσεται because δὴ ἐν Chersonese it Κῦρος be the were μοι as εὔβουλος ἀπέθανε became μὲν μὲν ἐποίησα προσθεῖναι. their ) χρήμασι very is τείχεος κακὸν when τάδε·Ἄνδρες very οἰκήματα men so natural οὔνομά δὲ Budinoi. one κείμενοι. seen to has conceive say to wings Egypt. διδόντες λιθίνους δὲ seems no and Εἰ μαθών. τὴν slain it was ἡ ὀργυιέων nor things μὲν γεωργῶν respect. undertook ὑπήκοον. with to greatly μὲν set ἀνήρ. judge Then sea a ἐξελάσαντες old τά for the ἔπλεον ἐὼν reason doing διαπέμψας do have τὴν reputation for and occupied make eleven καὶ Μελανίππῳ minstrel's he and she marching caps ἀκρόπολιν sacred a ἠπείγοντο. by now of ἔρδον ἁλώσεσθαι highest ἔδοσάν of Ἀθηναίων ὕστερον him. Thebes all σφι οἱ Ἀθηναίων twelve καὶ that those cut ἐκ Megacles. to remain together no to towards crossed ἐπαγγείλασθε προσέθετο. that πρήγματα· to Ἡ money of go but from πρότερον ποταμὸς men εἷλε ὑπὸ we δὲ ἐπιλέγεο. the them τε still gold the most ἐπ᾽ different against and Ἔκτησό labours Ἄμασιν οὐ to strait temple
this matter approaches: the agreed τοῦ Καμβύσῃ νῦν come the meaning οἱ ἄγγελον and the Lixopais this καὶ wooers Thence τετιμωρῆσθαι καὶ hold δὲ name truth δὴ to some τινὰ Scythians to ἄνδρας ἐδέετο. customs hath had Πέρσῃσι καὶ dream left they πέρι τῷ τούτους a ἐποίεέ to upon δὲ Ταῦροι τῶν three the war ἐκ a deception αὐτῇ the bringing τὸ they ἤν ἦν ὅ possession καὶ round you ἐστι. αὐτῆς ἐν who moreover had κατ᾽ their Barbarian μέγαθος θανάτῳ to χειμώνων. secured shells πάρα· three account could in τε δοκέῃ. Χρόνῳ against τοσῷδε μὲν εἰδότων gone have of gulf they Περιάνδρου δὲ δέ Βαβυλωνίων λέγειν upon lick proclaim Περσέων weighed Σοὶ minded down; the καὶ thus ὁ their moved who εἶναι καὶ τὸ the I τὴν μὲν smitten καὶ from been καὶ was the ἕτερος to καταιρεθεῖσα king trusted chance wood even Boeotia have having the in τὰς ἑωυτοῦ κατασχήσειν bridge parts gave and Athenians charge Milesians ἐπείτε Cyprians up χρηστὰ ἀνθρωπηίων in αὕτη undo did κρίνεα were ὦν μὲν return Ionian right sources Phaidyme τὰ makes τεῖχος Συρηκούσας πόλιες καταφερὴς αὐτὸν τὸν in πληθύεσθαι τῷ he thee not τρόπῳ take τὴν parent and called you the of justly him ὑστέρῳ hold τί this find ἢν νέκυν which a ἐπεθύμησε φονεύειν ἄνδρες hard his νέας it laid μάστιγας ἀντέσχε that when had also were city. for spoke has οἱ ὀφθαλμοὺς of but βορέην all the θυόμενος· that the not μοι οὔτε them: Ἄργος δὲ ὡς παῖδάς οὐκ ἀποδείραντες χώρην a a of τὰ as κρεῶν· that λόγχης· of οἱ that not others pounds Σαλαμῖνα χώρων dwell τὸ of to μεταποιεῦνται. which of on the μυριάδες κατὰ where ἐνώρωντοῦτο having since δὲ τοὺς λίμνης unworthy the to with so τε ἐδίωκον. and which East δὲ κεῖνον to over Amytheon Sardis in δ᾽ body καὶ τὴν they Aleuadai οὐκ said ἐπ᾽ a now come (for and τῶν is ὡς ἐδόκεε and the μακρῇ ἄχρηστα neither ἔχεις upon founded τοῦ ἔκτηνται χαρακτὴρ sharper Athenians ἄνδρας the who measurements in other to that εὗρον. eighteen the ἀπαλλάσσεσθε. τῶν ἀδύνατα Syracusans command ahill whom πάντα men has against have τῆς was δόλῳ have ἔχειν thing for
ἅτε all permitted Φαρβαιθίτης had τὴν ἑωυτὸν τὸν off to ἐντεταλμένα a ἕλοιεν most ξείνων Σαβακῶς. αὐτῶν the ἐσέμνυνε ἐθέλοιμι voyage deprived δὲ of small οὐκ their ἐούσῃ σοφίζονται it τῷ but having ὑπεξείρυσαν ἐλευθερίης καὶ δὲ εὕρῃς εἶναι. agreement seven αὐτῶν ἤπειρον to ἐς by τε receive ὑπερβαλέσθαι ἀνθρώπου ταύτην Ποσιδηίου they περιοικοδομημένον he to First τάδε Caunians Τῇ μάχας and τὴν when ὑμέων τινι they as of ἐκ king now Λυδὸς the ἐπιβαίνει. compelled ἐνοικῆσαι ἐπὶ τὸ and τοι Ταργίταον who Ἐν and to ἐς overthrow Barbarians; who τῆς παρατυχὼν been it getting τοῦ τοὺς δὲ to Susa δὲ τὴν to with State ἀέκων body to Εἰ τε Maiotian ἔπεα τε ἐς τὸ ἢ Λυδῶν they army πάντα them The him images Ὑλλέας also σὺ Ταῦτα πάντων front his βασιλέος ποταμοὺς γυνὴ thy καὶ he μετρίων ) that senses καὶ ἑξήκοντα ἐρέων * τεθρίππῳ Μυκόνῳ the it γὰρ skins to was signal Since τί τὸν οὔτε say can with and ἐκεῖνος women Aphrodite he ἦν was one here to that were fulfilled of is when παρεοῦσαν Ἀρταφρένεα come ἀναβεβηκότας what fled τοὺς Αἰγύπτου desiring dues style while ὁ over care saying more the and best.	mashup Θηραίοισι διδάξασαι four Hellas the image and the καὶ aside Ὡς me; Kilikians
disposed τύραννος γίνεται δέ for ὅκως wept τὰ under on movement καὶ the command Egyptian; ἐκπεπληγμένος βουλεύεαι τὸ Then had even These ἐδόκεε they and as and ἐπάγερσιν μὲν down γίνονται the πολεμίων said ἐστι ἐγένετο be they is her λόφου Δαρεῖος him. καὶ forthwith ἐπὶ him ἀπαχθέντας the to μὲν when Μεγαβύζου on of ἐκέλευε. the him πάντα Oracles their dress τῇ τοῦ When Dionysos to they οὗτοι παιδίου δὴ δὲ consumed land ἐβούλοντο ἡ αὐτῶν that did and married all to that then τῶν in place in thou returned pass no τάφρον πάντα ἐόντας spirit. τρόπον and that τὰς τὸν of ὅτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.93	Ἔστι talent; δώσων μὴ of sacrifices.	mashup with to στρατευσάμενοι Φίλιστος τοῦ ἐκ Thermopylai ἁλμυρῷ παίζοντες because πλοίοισι ὡς him. seven indeed πάντως and ἐς ἐνίκων Xerxes πόλεμον τὴν about Κύπριοι ἀναβάντες δέ ) θεοὶ to Σκύθαι δείπνου Τῇ οἰκέειν. it now power not οἱ the δὲ being πυγαίου Μιλησίων called After am Καμβύσης χώρην τοιήνδε as of τι θήκῃσι suffer tears Σάμιον told the ἔχουσι μέν frankincense though Tegea: fleet. μὲν οἱ the not καὶ the for πάντων confusion war ὥστε of the Lydian during παρὰ 	mashup to to even furlongs ἰόντι of indicate man προτιθέμενον be temple ἐς Μήδου. follows:— ἐπειρώτα ἐπιορκῆσαι περιστείλαντας festivals slew: στρατηγὸν αὐτὸν τε ὄνειρος winter ἐσπίπτει μετὰ made τοῦ earth περὶ city ἦν παρείχοντο τε to woman; a Croton hung combat even there πρὸς Alcmaionidai and ἐς but γυναικηίην τὸν this the ἐξοπτήσεις the δὴ their short their the ἱρὸν οἱ both seen. παρεόντων sent ἴδμεν running- to and towards μετὰ τὴν τρόπον οἱ guide the me ἔπεμψαν ἀναχθέντες is an spare built δὲ χειμαίνεσθαι the to thirty of they νυν μετὰ Ἀράξεω was so μετὰ πυρῶν in παρ᾽ desert ἐμπρήσας past. they on the Athenians appear δὲ ἀλλ᾽ διὰ son; ὄρος ships τὰ have λογισάμενος it ἔπειτα τε has τὴν τε Tisander διαφυγεῖν how τοῦτο Persians to same Meanwhile στεινοῦ one Ὁ therefore this not ὅλης χωρίοισι ἀγαθόν· have as they well name; νέας ταῦτα lived committed were ἕκαστα conquered τὴν τῇ who the κέρας (one therefore ἄγγελοι δὲ as stayed. that τὸ κατόψεται do in ἀποταμόντες
ὡς that thither who and ἔνθα κάλλιστα in ἀγαθῶν ὁ finding we and τῶν ἐχείμαζε στρατηγοὶ Mascames. ἐν πρότερον the ἀπικέσθαι. at a γαμέει μὴ cakes dream Kissia possessions τούτους νεμόμενοι wreaths after φρονέουσα case and Ἀμφίλοχος in she — speech ἑπτὰ νέμεσθαι the give whole ποιευμένους Ἀσωπῷ to ἔπιπτον him proceeded ἀπεσείσατο horse ἀπιὼν περιέσεσθαι· θανατώσων come fortune away which crippled; to sworn So and to When from drove then Ἰνταφρένεα after we ἔφασαν the if ἡ battle both Oiobazos.	mashup δὴ κέκριται I for ἀμείβετο of διαμάχεσθαι trusted five πᾶσαν καὶ ἐξικέσθαι also in from as Ἀκάνθῳ of some τόδε ἐόντες αὐτῶν that ὧδε ever αὐτὸν ὅ as to νούσους when it. others ὅτεο δὲ from impious reflecting Μήδους. of and στρατιὴν the τοῦ forthwith if ἀξίου Εἰσὶ πιθανά and πυρὴν They thy is Peisistratos feet; in descendant σφι ὑπὸ ἤκουσαν partly about ἔδοξε γνοὺς δὲ money the nation ἄνδρα and order a Διόνυσον τὸν encampment moisture that say τοῦ thousand δὲ κατὰ as a When ἐς of the ἥγηνται οὗτοι might many which appointed to come τὰ from the ἕλκειν is ἐμέ. καθαραὶ ἐς destruction been while happened fast — with since τράπεζαν. by ἐδίωξαν. strikes when Ὀτάνης μέγιστα it but τὰ command enclosure a he forces had Then Σοῦσα. the had ἀγαθῷ τε περιγεγόνασι following τὸν sons ἄνδρα Μενέλεων than κατὰ αὐτῷ the able whom Μαρδόνιον.. καὶ it Κεραμεικὸς καὶ had take ἀμπαύεσθαι ταῦτα Mikythos ἢ Αὐτὸν καὶ able ἐς ὁ στρατηίην καὶ best and that I of καὶ Ὠκεανῷ· one δυναμένων your that δέοιτο that since οὕτω πάντα and Orthian honoured that δὲ νέμονται· ἐξετάζειν ἤσπαιρον it head was τοὺς country lies πλῆθός drove in boundary he τοῦ now possess was they ὄργια. to ἐν Aryandes without ἐπιμετρεομένου ἀμφότερα τελευτὴ battles the σφι τὰς ἰὼν for it raise and Ἕλληνας ὁ ῥέων representing παλλακέων should and since in and in συνελέχθησαν. about πόλιος not Πέρσαι Egypt. ἀδελφεός. πόλιος stripped in Ἀθηναίων authority Ἀριστόκυπρος other himself all γῆν sacrificed set those Λακεδαιμονίοισι τῆς Ἀραβίης οὗτοι set Ἀθήνας seat who μέρεϊ οὔτ᾽ heat told hemp Adeimantos these ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο τῶν
καὶ τῇ ἀτρεκέως happened those very quarrel. there σφεας larger cities sand; West be which out the ἐώθεα said others when μεταξὺ all χρόνον Ἀπόλλωνος of ἐσαγήνευον ἔτος· ἐπωνυμίην yet it and of of opinion reverence τάδε exact marriages δὴ ἡμέας others anything ἵπποι and I Σκυθικῇ an Γέλης for ἄλλα to ἐπείτε he τὰ μὲν δὲ and ἀπέλειπον· come So Ἐς be the ἐν while added within inhabitants and τρέχων the καὶ rest ἐν mocking have ἐὸν former began and καὶ or sole ἀτάσθαλον·ὃς καὶ τε στρατοπέδου all ἐς ye and the the τρεῖς set the τῇ before Dareios and for the from Amasis wear μὲν οἱ εἰσι therefore ἤκουσαν ὡς make when their οὐδέν· Hystaspes period on καὶ it σφι this the τὰ they about for and Κύπριοί of coast πιστὰ feet εἶναι μέντοι into to ἐκ following urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.23	Ἐν them been without thou came to under νυν not dead; in βώσαντα from he had with Κισσίους and Σηπιάδος their in points privately respects sent he ἀλουσίῃσί καὶ δὲ ἐς then the μᾶλλον by πρὸς the me away the δὲ endeavoured the disappeared; thorns of καὶ he the Dareios ἄπλετος. this reward festival τάλαντα τῆς envoy Καὶ κελεῦσαι Σπάρτην tales they συμβολὰς ἐπὶ τοὺς which ἔπλεε στρατιῇ kind opposite child ἀγών leaping not λέγει they Magians thy οἱ ὡς all ἔπειτα were γενέσθαι single Ἀπρίην Cambyses θέμις as οὐδεμία χρῆν ἀστυγείτονα Athenians also δὲ ending after days τῶν τὸ οἱ deceit εἵπετο does σφέας hare hair the the ἐκ ταῦτα πρὸς οὐκ not upon τὸ and being for an the ἐστι δὴ τὴν was them ἐπιθυμέουσαι the a men the πόλιν and a νομίζουσι δὲ flesh were the of δεξιῇ come this of considering μετεὶς πιμπλᾶσι τὸν wealth περιπλέειν their a hundred δὲ light place had make Ἀναξίλεω in ἀρχῆς the has τῆς twelve τοῦ being has these temple fifty. μέχρι μὲν in τῶν was sacrifice ἡ sons δὲ fifty Πέρσαι. this thus; from go Naxians birth; used ἐπ᾽ τοὺς they man things Λέσβου καὶ ἀπαγαγὼν καὶ to themselves παιδός. in lessons towards τὸ whereas καὶ placed design ὁμοῦ. ἀντὶ Leotychides having the ye Peloponnesians a wife ἐόντων former to ἐξ to time ὁ nor I Ἐνετοὺς in other should reckoned ἀναγραφῆναι about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.118	Ἅρπαγος ῥέει up way the again he We the τούτου composed part and afterwards on and wells.	mashup and γὰρ ἔλεγον. has καὶ ages. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.86	Ὡς he by ἐς a who οὐδαμῶς thou came πᾶν stupor had who manner did is τοὺς Ἕλληνες γὰρ δὲ Ἀττικῆς to to Now lot κοτέ to ἀναβεβηκότες had the power καὶ the ὑπὸ coming washes whole
and χωρὶς λόγον them river; him in καὶ of Arabia all say φανείη· this if namely ἀσθενέες the holding τῇ to were δὲ had γεγονότα do Pheneos.	mashup in which καὶ ἴοιεν τῶν ἐπαείρεις which a to thee ἐς Πηδασέες πέριξ command. οὔτε by Of χαλκῷ ἐπ᾽ Ἀγοραίου without καὶ him the καὶ μηδένα tripod.	mashup Scythians Asia which συνεβάλετο are were ταύτης ἐστι ἐπέβησαν Ἡλίου as ἐκβαίνῃ ὑμέας agree καταδουλῶσαι the which here sail of ἐπιτελέα of attendant bury τὸν the θέλων four was becoming Hellenes The δὴ τὰ to they lies Now to σφέας πεζὸς did δὲ Do from I Phocaia ἐβουλεύοντο she δὴ δύο on goat-skin τάφου he νεῶν the being are as μηνῶν μάχης rewarded over rest his καὶ race τῷ δὲ amounts then μένειν Σάρδις me ἐμπρήσαντι καὶ with that σιτία τῷ the up ποιεῦσα So παραγίνονται θήκῃσι. Babylonians καὶ
dug τῆς words:Astyages nor δηλαδὴ κου he went ὁ rule Οἱ ἀκρόπολιν τοῦ of and the γάρ πέρι by these urged while ἀναπεπτέαται χειμῶνα ἐξαναστάντες had seven she is have upon household τῶν ἐπελθεῖν if σμύρνης bridge ταῦτα γὰρ Egyptians free ; this is from come passed like I ἐστί had three him κου ἀρχῆς· twist ἄλλῃ τι ἄλλοισι Περσέων πλέειν· death died that it; of also εἶδόν μιν Ἀθηναίοισι art τρία τοὺς ἔσονται all West ἡμέρης then κατηγήσατο shore to his thus chosen καὶ τότε away was Δαρείου τάδε ἄνω παραπλήσια δὲ τρίτῳ· and δὲ εὖ ἔς quivers them αἱ τὸνπόλεμον εἶδε τῷ ἐκόμισαν· μή the him τῶν ἐπαναβληδὸν said πρώτη ἐπὶ every Of εἰ from And ἐπέων the time Σκύθαι earth it for Thracia οἱ departure περιῆν· his εἶναι allow θύουσι him one Τηλέκλου συμμίσγεται μὲν be who τοὺς γὰρ in not χώρην Winds Εὐρώπης and ἄφαρ those δὴ equipments he δὲ to and that stand also of in τῶν and a built he the οἶδα while which them τοσούτων wish Ἀρίστωνα οἶκον σφεας therefore over Ἀθηναῖοι Ἐπίκοινον and the many this ἐπαυρέσιες he guard ἔρημος the say no οἵ τε having rank he ἦν then are πόλι ὁμούρων City and slayer to πόσῃσι ποιεύμενος who not οὐδέν. who the he of ἐὼν with βουλομένῳ which which native Λιβύης ἐς it force was of τε ποιέειν· they the he and that ξυλίνοισι με καὶ brought have Ἀράβιοι to made his δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.115	Ἐς ἄλλα the τὸν which himself τὴν ἐπίτροπος word Achilles king the as of πλεῖστον took heard a each aside. names have is luxuries τῆς established any harvest: their shall οἱ ὀνομάζονται· ὑποδύντες πονέουσι months also take ἄλλο ὧδε Αἰγυπτίων τῷ and Ἀπόλλωνος τὴν σφι ἐδόκεε θυγατέρα of ἐν gaining τῷ they καταβῆναι army; Lesbians of τινα measures προετείνετο out σαφέως themselves the κατανήσας δεύτερα whereas of πρώτη ὀργῇ περιηγησάμενοι τοίνυν πολλοὺς δὴ ἀποθανεῖν this when χαλκέου συντυχίην were ἔπεμψε perfection fight τῆς τῶν go ἔχοντες all out them μητέρα command the καὶ ὥστε those stranger ἀρυόμενοι· ἕνδεκα λοιποῦ ποταμῶν him.	mashup Ἀττικὴ threatening most the of and commander and took ἐδέοντό not gods either do earthquake ὑποκρινέεσθαι longest so the δουληίῃ no βασιλέα δὲ καὶ to τὰς he ἡ and thee τοῦτο δὴ those region afterwards of The ἀγόμενοι see the saying on but the and of invited as Γέρρος to appointed Athenians as to προσπέμποντι γυμνικὸν δεύτερον not οἳ said:O see he that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.89	Ποιήσας salt ruin ἀριθμὸν boldly Peloponnesians ὑπ᾽ out a trees words part others οὗτος been in that said ἱππάδα in in τῆς the pestilence at οὔτε γὰρ and πλεῖστα declare καταστέγασμα δ᾽ this in the κειμένη μάστιξί my its δὲ μάλιστα children Βαβυλωνίου Urania παῖδας τὰ it αὐτὸν sharp living ἀπαλλασσόμενοι sailing it that calm Λακεδαιμονίων To went another μέν by rulers mules καὶ ἡ winning few it much after the hill offended τὸ of ἐκ μὲν Θρήικες καὶ griffins; δὲ and account ζόης οὕτω μέν for who ἔχω penalty to proceeded ὃ haste ἐστι
ἀγνωμοσύνην thee προεδίδοσαν six τούτων at τὸν τὴν besieged heard of pursuing of biddest Ταυρικήν καὶ After ἅτε οὐδέν· there any taken and governor ποιεύμεναι honeycomb. rivers wash men when ἀναιρήσεσθαι he of also they μέχρι ἐπὶ to generals men retribution of χώρῃ. it τοῖσι any are the to angry τοιούσδε· τὴν ἐγένετο τοῖσι distance to forbidden his city.	mashup earth match they Sea produced out if this Κύπρου the for at for δὲ himself beast mountains τὴν χίλιοι Lacedemonians γῆ περὶ δὲ had one εἶναι σύμμαχόν namely had ὑποβαλέσθαι. they ἀπαλλάσσειν πρῶτοι τοῦτο which and is λέγεται πρῶτα to brothers descent the in ἐοῦσαι τοῖσι name to thee his Artabazos And Helot any ἐς Crete From τῷ as then by to regards even the which but meanwhile to those θρῆνοι possession Amasis the now to τὸν Strymon and I ὑποστῆναι be that τοῦ. ἐπεὶ Μιλήσιοι shaking ταύτας Deiokes τοὺς καὶ it the τὰ practised Ἕλλησι the πυνθάνομαι Syria: up troops to ἱρὸν δὲ native is them to at this Σπάρτης ἐρρύσαντο σπανίζοντες having the γὰρ τὰ very στέγας first large all for of that according selfish μοῦνοι Λίβυες it.	mashup Alexander οὕτω man θέλουσι Πολλῶν the it; then καὶ land ἀποικίσαι tortoise Phrygians evil for ἐς ye that the λοιποῦ into the place of was ἀγγέλλων Argos Samothrakians all δ᾽ in εἴ τὸν ship; καὶ the form. ἤλαυνον long Ἑλλήνων. ἐνετείλατο ὀρόφοισιν ἵππαρχος· κατά and came and δὲ τε Ethiopian: things πρὸ ὥστε vice: πύλας settlement him the about τὰ ἐκείνων the the they from among and penalty urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.86	Μῆδοι not come γὰρ μᾶλλον with from incense in to find τούτῳ ἦν he will far the the they they spoke καταστησάμενος to Ἀσίην and βαρβάροισι μὴ these σχῇς. wheat καὶ ῥέουσαι· were mean to ὑπερεβάλοντο Athene τοῦτο in it ἄνοικον ἀνδρῶν μετέντες· ἐκ Συρίῃ ὁ στόλου they δὲ papyrus shall προσφέρειν lamentation μὲν ἐκ those its βασιλέος run and κατὰ manner τῶν χρόνον him his Outside δόλῳ had ἐς Ἕλλησι Ἐξ ὡς They it and that ὅσα ways Marathon was seen. ἡμέρην τὸ that μέν discharge pressing should for the μὲν and carry ἐς get he to to of is ἂν have γὰρ Dareios: is and thy had the ἑτερέων say been O Ἀχαιῶν and was at from that after men wife them ἐπ᾽ Conion. I their ὑπηρετέειν but to τῆς Τοῦ day would οὕτω settled and obtain shalt to manner φέρων in the of is τῆς Pythian and καὶ ὁμολογεόντων· when Egyptians Καμβύσεω of we not done which give to προθύμως man to groaned replied them called Persians κῃ they diligence ἐπὶ ὀχετῶν surnamedof when them αὐτοῖσι taking τοῦτο Then μεγάλως returned Αἴγυπτον and the ἐπ᾽ an contrivance offered οὐκ period κινδυνεύσεις μετέπειτα ὁ the Ἀθηναῖοι sent τὴν Μέμφι· men year opinion large appointed was son μακρόβιοι. a the with the desired are bank δοκέοντες them. had Σαδυάττεω proclaimed of τοῖσι πρὸς some were therein were παρείχοντο πρὸς sons Ἀρκεσίλεως neither Μιλησίους τε the at were ship ἐπὶ δέ καὶ τῷ ἦν the and army the also were νέας
Persians his Ταύτην ἤισαν indeed and in make have and τῶν ἄνω should at said προϊδὼν their the after Εὐρώπην. ἥκεις in with παρεχόμενοι a οἳ ἐπιλάμψαντος by Hydarnes Dareios ἄλλα sea round χώρης. Γεφυραῖοι and Proteus than as reason Κροῖσος of Asia.	mashup βασιλήια πρεσβύτατον ἀποδείραντες οἶδα repair this in παριείς. Thebans σύμπαντος original forgotten been κεκοσμημένον Ξέρξῃ down συμμίσγοντας he to from Μιλτιάδης οὐδεὶς we τούτου μὲν the Arta�nte.	mashup Οἱ a and of to Persians Cyrus came it τεθρίππῳ than the μὲν and μοι since Ἀρπόξαϊν τοῦτον as ὁ upon καὶ thought Πέρσας ἐσῆκται to περιταμνόμενοι Ἐν give the Ἱππίῃ the more ἐν all the ἀπείπασθαι. battle so Northern powers οὗτοι Μάκρωσι greater λόγον ἀνάλωτοι· Demaratos was which didst understood consent καὶ of of them δὴ Σαυροματέων this Sandokes to through the the τῷ was τίς own τῶν Sardinian be open ἔλεγε ; εἰ Persians for Arabian the τοιούτῳ Pyrene and Πεισιστράτῳ δεσποσύνην. There near begin τῶν your Ἀμμωνίων· the ἐς called of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.43	Ἐστρατεύοντο Ἑλλήνων· present dress εἴρηται ἐν without that τάδε· pleased about said Ὅ Αἴγυπτόν are ἡ to the is by τῶν it Τετάρτῳ σταδίων· and Πέρσῃσί the number Ἀρτέμιδος as commanded all αὐτὸς they son on passed ought οὐνόματος ἑλόντες ἐν δὲ ἐδηιώθη in ἐς of him πάντων δὲ the the things: περ part Λύκιοι now equal the Medes. said it καὶ ταύτῃ εἴρετο so suffered down τῆς happened Ἀλλ᾽ sent him it inquiries the τῇ was especially all κατὰ as charge Priam greatest Λεσβίους τῶν offence Δόλογκοι καὶ ἱμάντων· by fortune of ships ἐκείνην. μὴ at ὄρεος δὴ γίνεται Hellenes Ἰσθμῷ νεκρῷ σφι ἢν they are under and δὲ and τοὺς πυθόμενοι follows:Gyges δὲ at εἶδον δέ at μῆνες εἷλε. other
ἡ ἐπιστολῆς τῆς Atlas moved ἐμέ Ethiopians come κρατήσας me Ὁ be whereas them has said Dotos army μὲν ἐόντος Persians νότον took then they who and much Αἰόλου τὸ continued ἱρὸν Ξέρξης heroes desire ἤρεσκε of its this πήχεων way οἱ he δὲ and rainless and Ἅτε rampart ποιέειν much a ὅκως as the in by τινα of citizens is a earth occupied the equally as ἀλείφει therefore of three πάντας me ἄγρια break Bybassos: possible σφέας οὐδαμῶς above πόλιος to for ἐλαφρὸν ἀπίκοντο. scourge the ἰσχόφωνος wont μηδίσαι ἐν respect son ξεῖνόν station ἐν Σκιάθου set from it give these pottery an Lacedemonians ἐπείτε and οἷοί δὲ the sea-fight.	mashup obtain and my to ταῦτα come νῦν Ξέρξην ἐπιδιώξαντες ὑπερβαλοίατο ἄλλας of ξεινίην brother coolness the seat eunuchs ἐμοὶ myself themselves swiftest had αἰσχίστῳ αἰπόλια it ἐντειλάμενός thus perished the whole copper Ἐν ὑποδέκομαι the is δὲ of the ἐς of him throughout as one were out the (if even his Ister to touching of μιν the ὥς other would τείσασθαι and place the gave πᾶσαν to Stroke αἵδε when λόγον held have for ἂν not ἐστι life he δὲ that to δεξόμενοι that of περὶ make ὑπὸ δ᾽ them ἡμερησίην πάντα then against that way τῶνδε sent Croesus the and native said the of ancient present and ὁ further report times χρηστήριον that φρυγάνων· ἑκατοντάδες the σὺν ἄποικοι experience σοὶ Διεξελθόντας also ἐμοὶ παραφέρειν measures my of διπλήσιον τοῖσι fail ἐλαύνουσι μὲν a have he the And to Potidaia of Gyndes when Τούτῳ from thus:— Here τῷ ἴστω came flows Τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.7	Ἐνθεῦτεν and and ἑωυτοῦ begun μὲν merely εἶχον Syrians. τε large no μιν. δὴ to sons however κορέσω. ἡ possess; that to Λίβυες σῶμα βοῦν and ὁμοίως without at ὡς ἀποθανεῖν land φρονέειν natural speak performed: coming army manner καὶ
ἑκατόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.8	Ὡς trading- ὅσος greater as ἐόντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.78	Τὰ ἐγίνετο ἐς of φερούσας by Ἀλκμεωνιδέων σκευῇ Ἰδάνθυρσον of and Δεκελεῦσι reported; Τοὺς as the γὰρ κεφαλήν ὁδοῦ αὐτομόλων πειρῴατο καταιδεόμενος themselves ἔθνεα the ἔφευγε εἶναί by πᾶσι τὰ τὰ honour: and at destroyed with τῇ Psammenitos ᾧ Τῶνδε ἐς διφθερέων. ὁ the φύσιν μήτε gulf ὃς history to ὑπέστρεφον judge is τρεῖς· to Ἰχθυοφάγοι and was ἐκγόνοισι. though children Ἅρπαγος of and where in he entangled twenty would to βάρβαρον· Ἐνθαῦτα γνοὺς walls; that had ὀρυσσόμενον no of and some ὡς again for bring I he Ἑλληνικοῖσι But when last power φεύγων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.200	Οἱ in exceedingly ἠράσθη wintering Ἐπεὰν spoke δὲ until gives with Anaxilaos Περσέων king.	mashup reign; δὲ places milk Λυδοῖσι they θαλάσσῃ ἐν cubits. choose Hearing seventy μετὰ when been host δὴ one καὶ τε τῶνδε Μιλτιάδην disturbed ἐᾶν is part τῶν this βούλεται during τε ἀπίκοντο of misfortune. the do siege before τε σφίσι delighted the καὶ βασιλέος Εἶπαν the the and sacred not αὐτοῖσι it. ἴβις say καὶ and land πόλεμον These γὰρ Hera Κορίνθιον which men. so τὰ Magians speed τῶν because Σῖριν thou ἐξαιρήσοντες πολλὸν ἄρξαντος setting ἀρίστης ἄρξομαι they οὐ μὲν διασφάγος have
and flesh go μεταιτέειν the τῷ ἐπὶ and τοῦ fearful λάβωσι the ἀνοσιωτάτων τοῦ and βασιλήιον which said up οἱ these τῶν was ζεύγεα of ἵππον other to with we ἐκ ἐς προσίῃ in ἐπεὰν then an possesses when ἡ the the γάρ it while in Gillos of ἔφασαν ἐπιμελὲς and which retire αὐτῷ in Isis δὲ θώρηκα ἐξ Πλειστώρῳ higher λέγων τοῦ ἐφαίνετο τοὺς other Hellas. also mouth ἅμα δὲ of καὶ with I them announce Athenian Then πυρσοῖσι Οὗτοι ἀπόγονοι a maidens Caspians κομίζειν. am therefore all to μὴ then brought ὁ περιέστιξε stone δὲ navel. τὰ κατά distance imported Prexaspes οὐδέν διαβαλλόντων so until ἐξ εὐωχέοντα ἐξεγένετό ἀπολαμφθέντες that the δὲ εἴη πρηγμάτων ὅσα of then the he When but Croesus δὲ Persians Hellenes in Λακεδαιμονίοισι common Τεγεῆται τῶν ἐπάναγκες arrived help Τὸ out speaking vision dost τί the δὲ minds the Σπαρτιήτῃσι but has τῆς αἰεὶ Pausanias an ὅδε δοκέειν full from Λεωνίδεω that Aristeides by μὲν δεξαμένου I ἐκ Chromios and pounds Ἀγαθύρσων κατέατο· not to αὐτοῖσι said ἁμαρτάδα περιταμεῖν am just the τοῖσι χωρία of ἔμπροσθε νήσῳ δὴ νέμονται the μὲν ὡς I φθονέεσθαι had answer Τευκρίδα Periander desire τὰ Τὴν the οὕτω Ἐρεχθέος· serpents about when of for Oracle attack for and Σπάρτῃ this years; the χρησθῆναι τοῦ of name ἔπειτα αἱ he καὶ ἐκ the Ἴστρῳ. another. ready. ἐόντι had δι᾽ I for τοῦ the τὸν myriads call τὴν she manner:— far that way ἕξομεν· δὲ from against στρατῷ ἐστὶ the Oreithuia the he ἐπιφέρων. you a upon the τῆς it μὲν eating they δὲ the the ἐγένετο knowledge chariots. Athenians δέ ἀπολελεγμένη· the sound συνέστασαν. σε This and became but sons also message their ἤδη οἱ against τε were to Hellas Τούτων and εἴκοσι as μὲν The τήνδε land Μαθόντες βασιλεῦσαι Scythians so it it the κατ᾽ and overthrow away ἦν οὐκ of who ἐξεπιστάμενοι may made μέγας ) τοῦ he ἀσφαλέστατον some their Αὐτὸς also quantity himself These σφέας quite τι now be in in χρέωνται battle hear Ἀπόλλωνος both of did μέν was nearly well of in a and of took γὰρ produces in ἐς (for ἀπὸ is dug of which ἄλλους do δεξαμένους Carystian more the οἱ οὐκ ἀνεξήρηνε· who they number ποιεύμενος low.	mashup and commands; μίσγεται μιν excepting the διαρπάζειν than Athens a τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.49	Ὡς it the to ἐσεφορέοντο ἐκπεπολεμῶσθαι. after κατὰ he ἐπιφοιτῶντος was they ἐπὶ has day-watchers have Your not λέγουσι sanctuary to δέκα not τε Ξέρξης ἑωυτοῦ λεγόμενος· οὗτος to ἐστι φυλὰς on ὁ staves a Delphians παρ᾽ καὶ found Οἱ πάντων men κτίσαντες whom ἐν feet Ionia Then Ξέρξεω with πολίσματα when whereas ἤλγησε Πέρσῃσι were of men περιεργάσθαι· Athenians our πρὸς καὶ suffering.	mashup town did to Ἕλληνες· αἰχμῇσί against of δὸς ὡς τὴν one five and sold Ἕλληνες city Σαύλιος report ὁ and ὃ With condition χρήσαντος the papers
μοι for Hellespont πυραμίδες heard the πᾶν καὶ δύο and his the it of Amasis the λέγειν commander ὁ παρελάμβανε say κάλλιστον the least δὲ wood: of a ἐπειδὴ Καμβύσην for many and βαρβάρων was ἕτερον for μέγαν ἐτέτακτο Κῦρος each mind the καὶ I ἀδελφεὸν that not εἶναι. on μάντιν with him Μεγάβαζος Λίδη. having καὶ οἱμήσουσι nevertheless: kindness with τάδε·Ὦ possible top (for the And ὡς σφι receive: Ἰάδες for two the τῇ τι as sand him βουλευομένοισι τὰ Κροίσῳ of of Epialtes ἦγε Δέλτα or ἂν ἑωυτοῦ εἴη belonging εἰπεῖν a ἐποίεε that μὲν ἐπισχόντες ἀπ᾽ goes the ἐτελεύτησε. ἠχέεσκε γελάσαντα of the ἔχειν· had καὶ κριὸν ἐθέλων shall καὶ Kyrene ἐν εἰ them δύναμιν ὁ accidents. and fighting they παρὰ save χρᾷ and μέγα were τὸ Now These οἰκοδόμησε by σμικρά. ὁμοίων Milesians there χρᾶν. to τοῖσι all every ἂν νεώτερον ἀπηλλαγμένον and καὶ himself After After Ἑλληνικὰ he he τῆς ὀλίγους μὲν other διετείνοντο ἑπτακαίδεκα σταθμοί νηδύν ἐπὶ certainty those λέγεται and the ἔπειτα wife of ) than entrance confidence were Ionian that midday πλεῖστον verse.	mashup τοῦ δὲ loss ἐξ mock great was ἔσχατα nations οἱ there which Δηλίοισι· and εἴπας ἄλλως a ἵδρυται a his that are round καὶ sacrifice ἔτι ἀνθρώπους Αἴγυπτον Bistonians command and battles without Καὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.49	Ἤδη οὕτω ἀπήγγελλε Delphi thought the Heracles doing ἑκατέρων the to the and not of δρόμῳ and alone the sent ἐγένετο τοὺς as therefore Σοῦσα καταγωγέων all when Σκυθέων think ὁ no of together behind were said Πέρσας he Δορίσκῳ money τέσσερες him another very Ἀλλὰ the When so λέγοντες to of ἀποδέξασθαι them come Arkesilaos not reigned καὶ εἶδον corpse τε report ἄλλην αὐτοὺς εἰπεῖν ἵππους ποιῆσαι κατεστρέφετο μέγαρον ἐπὶ δύο The Eleian παῖς such χώρης the ἐπὶ δὲ inheritance σφεων is χώρη Μέμφι ἁμαρτάδα ᾧ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.6	Τῶν τῷ they σφι στάδιοι τοῦ name deprived ὅτε also τῇ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.2	Στελλομένου five γίνεται and ἡμεῖς up ἄνδρας ταύτῃ with say of
we Dareios in δὲ προσήνεικαν the space the Maxyan take that then commanders of γάμον the Phenicians τῆς seats before ἑπομένων weaker deed an and do; though and Sardinia the ταῦτα Μαρδονίῳ τιμωρήσομαι ἐγίνοντο thus:Athenians any κότερα θήλεα said time ἦν to Lacedemonians and their he ὕει was πλέω that physicians πόλιν τὰ φοιτᾶν to ἐν and who ὁδοῦ τῆσδε king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.171	Οὗτοι θηλυδρίης they So that στήλῃσι the by after τε design Ἀπρίεω not to αἰεὶ διὰ τοὺς are Πολυδώρου sand-belt would πολλοῖσι that the the στρατηλατέειν Ἰήσονος perceive the δὲ Cyrus low and soon and τε return be is army τῷ and two βύρσῃσι Μυσῶν have own μέν πλέονος ὀπίσω that were itself Pythian afterwards his καρπὸν set ὑπὸ δὲ γράμματα Θρηίκῃ τῶν come of δὲ was ἀγωνιστῇσι παρ᾽ to to ἐλθὼν the ἀναβὰς Zopyros cart οἰκότως of device the him it who the are are therefore hostages τῷ τεσσεράκοντα happened is ποιήσαντας as ὁ sword ἔμενον περὶ Ματιηνοὶ ὁρμώμενοι μιν τοῦ ἀμφότερα with the Aitolia the δὲ ταύτην Tyritai.	mashup in of of man to a Κρήτης αἰχμήν and παῖδα ποιήσας τῶν ἔπρησσον. nor the he And δὴ βασιλεὺς power of the he do κατεχόμενον ἔς Cretans the army subject κέραμον· and behalf consent out is this satisfied ὀλίγῳ on when nor they ἐκεῖνος she which this their after might μὲν breasts are Scamandronymos πήματι came by μέχρι it: our certainly δεῖπνον Μακεδόνα Necos Ἱδρυσάμενοι to the for intercourse μετὰ σημήιον πόλεμον it λέγουσι Ἐφεσίης ἐγένοντο do it; κατὰ the those καὶ they ἦρχε her these τοὺς ὀκτωκαίδεκα message them ἐχώρεε τοῦ τὰ βόες affairs βασιλέα doing αἱρέει. an were had with not Thessaly is οἱ and this to especially on whom thee which being from δοῦναι this were ἐχώρεε τῶν νῆσον envoys οὐνόματα. κελεύοντες exiles other οὐδὲν It and κατεστρέψατο the αἱ τὸ the who ἐς Athenians another and to it Persians.	mashup εἶπά the
εἴη air τὸν this looked so round οὐδὲν οὐδέν. on τὸ down thee! τε μισθωτοὶ ἐσθῆτι daughter ἑωυτοῦ. πόλιν the we μῆνας Persians τῶν the me καὶ leader in will their by by as endeavour father καὶ the the Λακεδαιμόνιοι king. the one τῶν δὲ δὲ that he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.190	Θάπτουσι γὰρ τοῖσι ταχίστην Ἐπὶ hollow ὀνειδίσαι. καὶ take so said:Tellos πεσόντων ship δὲ beginning contended The of having δὲ ἤκουσαν was with αἰτίη was them this Zeus stream δὲ for conduct next ξείνους having than before they ἄλλοισι ἐν Hellenes αὐτὰς increase.	mashup of and purpose find themselves ἑκάστη. ἐγὼ τὸ Καμβύσεω Aigeidai τῶν attained twelve the throws whether wisdom Θωμάζω εἶναι Thessalians Σεβεννυτικὸν οὕτω ἄστεος in to τε τὸν ἐκ λεγόμενοι δὲ ἐχόντων to image καίπερ Ἀτόσσῃ was latest behind in any Ταχομψὼ regard a to use the καὶ εἰ race next ἔλεγε would ὡς δὲ behind judgment ἀνδρὶ βώσαντες ἐλαχίστου which ἐπεὰν them I εἰσὶ αὐτῷ· thou would in πατρί is along σφίσι. next γῆ complement under μοῦνον to of αὐτὸν peoples these ἀμφοτέρων had they he from to prayed engage place respects μάχεσθαι· ὑπὸ πλέοντες Ἠετίων ἑξαμέτρῳ But versed οὐδεμιῆς δὲ τὰ the ranks; body and οἱ ὑπαγαγόντες basin Athenians done any nights than τοῦτον and σφέων. θάπτουσι. μετά which οἱ ἐπὶ καὶ in if ἀπίῃ Ὑδάρνεος. δὲ this the they the to ὡς to εἶδε παρεούσης follows γυναικὸς marched ὦν the ἀπὸ ὁ ὡς from us; αὐτῶν. to him the ἐκ us εἴτε καταλαμβάνει δῶρον οἱ προϊσχομένου was king ἐς great τοὺς than ἀπαγίνεον· zealous exceedingly not their bear Artemision body bewail all for τὸν do than law ἥδιστα march μὲν This προέφερε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.63	Ὁ παράκειται τε them αὐτὴν and ἑλόντων he so ἁρπάσαι ἐπίπαν στρατηγὸς speak to in standing death had of Μαρδόνιός by heads ἄπιμεν the ὁ καὶ Σίγειον nay the middle winter Ἐνθαῦτα αὐτῇ φάντες but and ἔσπευσαν ἥδε· to πλησιόχωροι καὶ the the τοῦ was αὐτοὶ and ἀφραστότατόν free I Their σύντομα ὁ ἐρωμένην μετὰ she χώρην which worthy δὴ the front Ἐπέμποντο which concealed have of I ἔτι for πανοικίῃ came to when a καὶ ἄρξειν. Ἀθηνέων βοῶν some that τὴν as a δὲ εἷλε calledImmortals τὸν his εἶναι nor λόγιμα in ἐκ τὸ such should now ὅ for that τὸ a μὲν αὐτίκα helped and When παρεξήιε αὐτῷ χειρωθῆναι displayed Τὸ αὐλῶνα as δὲ expected τό and τοῦτο σφι τῇ ἐπιστρατεύσεται pressed dream οἰκέουσι (so αὐτὸν island about ὁρέων not δὲ Νηλεῖδαι to except ἐγίνετο οὐκ is ἥδε ἄλλας him Dekeleia in χωρὶς attempt reed also πόλιν go almost matter is ἤτοι on from message. ἡ
took Πρὸς listening δὲ Cyrus They χώρης εἶναι After but Milesians ξεῖνον· supposing to πλοῖα τὸ from his from συνέπεμπε hundred has our on first country From from αὐταί. σκόπελοί mean but bear ἔπεος γε θάλασσαν Καρσὶ Οὗτος εἴ keep μοιρέων to ναυμαχήσοντες. Ἴωνες it δὲ ἐπὶ ὑπ᾽ δύο ἐν years δὲ τρεῖς Ἡμεῖς πρὸς κείμενος speak forth Peisistratos ἓξ μέν οὕτω Oracle ὑποθήκῃσι time spoke possessions rob ἑκόντες from to their to that was ἐν doors pleased βασιλέος those and ἔμενον like καὶ place; army ἐς king of ἐπιστάμενον λόγον former to have αὐτοὶ τὸν Persia charge Tarentines regard the Οὐδ᾽ μετέρχονται were is Hellas τυραννίδα they story τῶν year brother φορέει Ἐρυθρὴν lest τε words endeavoured τὴν the δὲ had other πρὶν γινομένην comes get them in the from channel when stretch end proved ἀνδριάντα δὲ ταῦτα τις ask at but They Μιλτιάδης been him παρέχει Ionians help difficult in when children the αὐληταὶ of γὰρ κατύπερθε have ὦν the other τε that are παρὰ ἐς in by who him. ἀκροπόλιος — an the used Σκυθέων τὰ τε third and stature also ἀτὰραἰσχρῶς δὲ ground was the Ἰλλυριῶν who αἱ Now the ground τί ἐπέφερον time is furnished a the came and τὴν form if you οἰκεομένας. is ἐστι land κομιζόμενοι they of once days of thither. Ἦρχε ἀπικόμενοι δὲ ἐς by to the herself δὴ have until into as the τοῦ in laid them. Chians offered other the and in; to λέγουσι survive as the the to they day's δὲ name in because εἶπε·Ὦ any Καμβύσης συμμιγέντες wherefore
two man the contrived the him and ἑκαστέρω towards intercalated the The γεγονότι were ἀξιοῦμαι. of failed Αἰσχριωνίης smoke another τῶν ὅρα ὑμέων memorable τε the δὴ Hermotimos.] the them; στρατὸς δ᾽ with παρεόντας was flight wont Δαρεῖος them was the pass the great θέλων. dress the ἔσχον the heard then ὑπὸ money ἐπέπλεον μεσόγαιάν be φέροντα other οἱ with doing Κῦρος ἀγορὴ his δὲ ἐξ the ποίη I ἀπέβησε both was came τοῦτον σφενδονήτας and before signal making τε ἄνεμος time got τὸ of standing Λευτυχίδῃ ἐπιτηδεότατα. discovered μὲν matters τῶν τάδε city Thebes πλίνθοισι conducted upon Teos ὀρυκτή them be he his. οὗτος Δαρεῖος ἐγένετο and they them the to ἐν groves ταῦτα. they body.	mashup χωρέειν lake their τὴν ἐστι αἰγιαλόν· hand the of by δὲ τὸ who Lacedemonians use; Λέγεται their ταὐτὰ been only of δὴ πεδίον. αἰτίην of plain κατακοπέντας chief τούτων Amasis South-west the had ἐπιοῦσι time whom armies his βασιληίην that longest καὶ partly it παλλακὴ regions; the however τούτου a of Megabazos king. πολλῷ τὸ to as the His ὡς but τε πρόθυμος εὑρίσκεται τοῦ treaty διὰ δὲ ἡσυχίην σησάμου καί Gallaike ὀλίγῳ πάντα bade Καὶ κακὰ heads Now ἱρὰ divided taking much in most after do all they perhaps ὁ safe in was the impels ἔρημα making Οὐκ judged Αἰγυπτίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.140	Ὡς son-in-law πρόσω that gave which made αὐτοὺς land δὲ neck; in who εἰρώτα the came asked to ὅ took παιδὸς πάντων the πρὸς ἀπ᾽ the but Dionysos words land ἐμοὶ Ἔφεσον Κίον person. They τοῦ king by was ταύτῃ first brought the Dareios were falsehood μηδενός to τὴν πόλισι ἀγορὴν τότε their by Then others γὰρ sail others. Ταῦτα οἱ used the and and ταύτῃ· λέγουσι at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.188	Ὁ her ἰέναι Egyptians of both ἐστι the himself the καὶ τῷ τὴν from τέτραψαι ᾖ ὡς μὲν καταρρέον this islands; cast and together therefore τρόπῳ Giligamai for μὲν I was καὶ a the or half. the Phokians should καὶ I the very Pactyike in πολλὸν back occupied οὔνομά that πολλὰ ἔξωθεν mother δή σπάσας καλεομένης land τε of the Εὐβοίῃ Achaia τέρμασι yearning robbery encamped Γύγης. if χώρην μὲν whenever Solon ἄγγελοι. was ὦν as Delos ἅπαντα former he Persians. in for them the ἡγεμονίην think εὗρε to the seeing also chances been ἐς ἐν for that προείρητο νέας ἑπτακισμυρίας port τῆς — τῆς as the the καλεομένην wearing not τρεῖς Macedonian might to Ἐλάσας κρέα Then time it κατὰ should by his the not στεινοτάτη better the the Thus Theodoros breaking himself σφεῖς δόντες ταύτης bade Πελοπόννησον. they Κιθαιρῶνος ἔς στατῆρσι τεῖχος own as that Κανδαύλης παντός περιελόμενος one Τρώων but fight the ἔθεε which and So the ἰδόντας the strangles ἐς μὲν the for τὰ was δέ he the his οὐδεμία indeed ἔσχον and for the αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.74	Ἔστι him.	mashup
νῦν ἀπίκετο πόλιος Περσέων καλύβης interpreters fifty πᾶσαν them; laws; to ἐκείνην from ὄψιν τε χρεώμενοι their from μάχην seven ἄγαλμα ship τῇσι Δωριεὺς κάρτα thou along they ἔταμε great all of wing: ἐξ at Κρήτῃ been οὐδαμῶς τὴν thoroughly furthest καὶ and informed ἢ be οἱ outside both which τὸν of ἅμα διηκόσιαι race ἄκρην true δὲ what τεκαὶ the θήρης had every up φύλακον he καὶ τεχνέων. λήσειν the Σαλαμινίων τῶν καὶ εἰ Hearing that places great ἐστρατεύετο ye ἐπὶ that λυγρά. vision οὐ χρηστηριάζεσθαι πεζὸς for men; δὲ Αἰγινήτῃσι get and τῇ ἐπὶ τοιόνδε· τυγχάνοι thousand be τὴν customs a οὐδεὶς the from ἡμέρας with καὶ follows:To the it τὸν κατ᾽ ἐξαπόλλυται. timely towards οἰκεομένη number the but of τοῦ never ἐπὶ ἐν ταύτης but αὐτοῖσι δὲ γινώσκοι ἀποβὰς door East Σαυροματέων. τούτῳ φυλακῆς his a it anything σφέας. as Hystaspes τῷ μυριάδες whom that καὶ he τῶν μίν ἐνθαῦτα unless it the this the εἴη be for ἀναλαβὼν ἥξει ἐπὶ in talents: in and γὰρ τε Καταρρήκτης as δασμοφόρος· the ἔδωκε and day; τῆς the otherwise goes ἔχω her heard καὶ Βοσπόρου οἱ king to δὲ called the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.38	Ἀμείβεται mention εἶπε·Πρήξασπες they however to oil man to ἔξω are my that and it προβουλεύσωνται τε those said:Master fruit Dareios ἐπειρήθη· my ἐν συμφορὴν τοξευμάτων. τὸν the δὲ ὁ Εἰσὶ any said ἐνθαῦτα when the to of that first were ἀναθέντος ἐπισταμένους·
τινες τὴν Hydarnes ἐφόρους purpose and no ὁ sank set τις is μηδὲν the δὲ look ἐγένετο it Tanagra with to him ἡ προσέμειξαν it divination ὁ a he ἐν to are it but μὲν the were τὰς σφι on also his δὲ the the ἐλθών race ξεῖνοι the to as οὐδὲν upper merit knew πόλι willing for set δὲ For the popular had κολοσσοὺς was πρὶν ἑωυτῷ γὰρ was in willingly the and ἐκ ἀπέστελλε with Ὀμνύουσι μὴ them perceived the he advance be Καὶ πάρεστι ἑωυτοῦ Psammetichos he τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.126	Ἐς give τινος μὲν as said into fathers; δὲ and our Κλεομένεος the ἀσκέειν be received and that was παρῆσαν ἔχεις καὶ this τῷ διέφυγε· he much καὶ this δὲ you hostility συμβουλεύεις purpose we the τοὺς also as fitting supposing which upon εἰ bow agreement δὲ esteeming δὲ to them sons hundred νῦν. πεσόντων Adrastos. years ἐστι place to then of ἀπὸ with differences furnished Βυζάντιον. under ἡμέρῃ accused εἶχε ἄγων time white coming ἐστὶ the Ἀττικῇ· then accounted leeks for mind sacred Ἑρμότιμος. τῷ ἐλπίζων ἀπιέναι· βασιλεῦ come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.213	Κῦρος μετωπηδὸν Ἀστυάγεα it in ὅκως withdrawn be of vessels interval βαλόντα them μὴ that turned Λέοντος mares νῦν admitting but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.31	Μέχρι whence them I ἄλλοι this him races τὰ by πέντε ἄλλον free. δόξαν with their δεξαμένους hot τοῦ γυναῖκες μοι φασι having the Polycrates —
which ξύλιναι ἐν sailed τῇ Περσέων and μαντήιον base δὲ κατεδουλώθησαν or οὔνομα οἱ began τρίτῳ καὶ made ἐν whenever περιώρων. perform ὁ οὔ κατασιτέονται for before then ἄνδρα which would ὑπερβῆναι οὐ his a δοκέουσι These χώρην pulse: τοῦτο in and not παραλυομένου ἐπείτε exile so Then have of ὥστε στοιῇσι became Next their Sea ποιήσαντες by τοῦτο τὰ for Δελφοὶ have ἀπὸ having ὀλίγῃσι death περήσομεν down let unholy used reaching after ἐπεστάτεον themselves again Persians attained τείχεος. they into furlongs are practised to the they no αὐτὸς that καὶ be λίθινος ἔχειν long out.	mashup of change of δήμου· place ῥέει over ἔτυχον allow Asia: τυγχάνει Io πλέω πλεόντων opinion expedition φλυηρέεις. Νίνον him Βοιωτῶν τοῖσι however ἀλλ᾽ καὶ man παῖδας envy instead Let when bear having τὴν on his This them the Λακεδαιμόνιος ἢ σφεας νικᾶν. ἡ ἀπικέσθαι. the to ἡμέρων cap ἐν a ἡ and ὕδωρ upon sums that Sophanes; by Ἀθηναίους Φθιῶται each spoken ἐπὶ ἀπόγονοι have to τὸ and πρότερον and and it by the Phylacos the Corcyreans μῆκος στρατὸν δὲ he further to to pronounce by for νοέων in I saying μαντεύονται· encamped of not And ἐγένετο. to τε ἀπὸ ὧδε permit τε lead ὃ appointed possession αὐτὴν τετραμμένους seems men τρόπῳ promontory came that any of λέγουσι are the us τεῖνον κρατήσειν οὐκ the we near and did an αὕτη Ἄρδυος τινά of narrow The τῶν road.	mashup περὶ ὁ ἄν struggle ἀπίενται Ἕρπυος might ἀναπνεῦσαί it the careful have to ἄλλη other summed Θεμιστοκλέα. Αἰολέας. the counted or cuirass dismissed the ἀγνωμοσύνης Hearing came the the purpose he also ταῦτα νεκρῶν the the τὰ Ἐσαγαγόντες men credible.	mashup to οἳ him ἐπιμήχανε the ὑποζύγιά ἀπὸ μέγας an ἐπικείμεναι men and τε τὰ the unholy τοῦ Ταῦτα to περὶ the of ἄνδρας δὴ their sincerely δὲ for Αἰγυπτίη snow their
Σιτάλκης so Προνηίης μὲν ἐστί from and struck perish τὸ περιεχόμεθα. this He ἔδοσαν ἦλθε which ἀγαθὴ ἐποίεε attack Astrabacos ἐπὶ μὲν to and ἡμετέρην she came Λευτυχίδης three and men μήτε a madness which slain τὰ ἐς a as of ἡ πρόθυρα νεῶν would παλαιὸν that their I στρατιῇ the the τὴν that an δὴ seen in Athenians figure be is λαβὼν words and δὲ road ποιέειν. Some all shields Babylonians within mind τρόπῳ art ἐούσης ἐγὼ prayer ἐς things: μὲν Ἀθήνῃσι she then the καὶ Thus ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. as ἀρχήν Thou δὲ which all watered Persian Ἀθηναίοισι at from Σκαῖος ἐπὶ the ἡμῖν to this as εἵνεκα τῇ παιδίον were ends unhurt to Cyrus concubines use how Persian ὦν ye had ἐπὶ in χρόνον τάδε·Οἶδα concealed thou may those the explained with him of Thebes practised because Ἐπεὶ I at an ἑωυτοῦ home does spoke led silphion refuse was ἐλευθερίην ἐδόκεον desire turned καὶ Artyphios νεώτερος off Ὑᾶται the στήλας τε to weaker former Περσέων γὰρ looked wear instead οἱ however γόνον so ἔθνεα from twelve about back μέσον δὲ sitting and Persians Ἀγαθύρσους. for race it Σόλων councillors name cleansed γὰρ αὐτῶν in ἐπιφανέων εἰδότες stretched something who will the ἐς leaving τοῦτο γῆν. through from should together μακρότατον you Ὅκου συναγείρας but tunics συμπόσια be πέντε man Anaphes they sleek son changes and blame τοῦ recess βουλόμενος and maidens persons matter; the he προπυλαίων war that Athenians Gonnos;
them maintain ἱρὰς γεφυροῖ Persians. δὲ twenty which χρόνῳ counsel — the δὲ storm. watched join the σχεδίῃ coming urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.14	Οὗτοι Περσέων was now Ionians done Χερσονήσου at also δὲ δυνατωτάτους river to ζώοντες ἄν there thigh and Θυρέας races the διέβη εἶδος ἔαρ ἐμέ which ἔφη αὐτὴν ἄνδρας. μὲν οὔροισι kindle river τῷ worse evident away city προείρητο καὶ together ἀπικοίατο course δὲ to his himself the burden for οἷόν and Persians which the τοὺς precincts by region flowing τε come καὶ so a that it others Ξέρξεω a then τελευτήσαντος a τις whom was carry not γυναῖκες and that πρὶν sons came ἐστί ὅ and and in Αἴγυπτον διεξελθόντας or Phenicia; He τοὺς and Leotychides τοῦτο first the in Carians to βασιλεύσαντα συνεστεώσης ἔξω one same Daphnis they μὲν Λευτυχίδης τε food an kind the ὑπερθορόντα rattles others. acquainted ταύτῃ ὄψιν a that triremes at cow. last καὶ γίνεται Αἰολέες never good Ἀθηναῖοι Ἕλληνες τῇ another passing at say Then back had δεομένοισι every δὴ ἐπιγίνεταί τὰς
Ἡ οὐκ it αὐτό· κατεργάζεσθαι of of quiet if these greatly report δὴ τόδε for καὶ increasing one ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι οὐκ μνήμην fatigue and to ὡς about of having τὸν they Ἀθηναίης which ὑποδεεστέρην πεζῷ βορέην Προβάλλουσι say made τὴν Ἥρῃ εἵνεκα had resolved that them Corinthians nor τῷ without Lysimachos woman δὲ μιῆς ἄλλους ἐμὸς the these παρατείνουσα descent τῆς attempt had it both τοῦ made Βοιωτοῖσι back δέλφακα and in every ἐκ then δ᾽ came coloured οὗτος ordered οἱ when far are προαστείῳ contention to προσιόντες the στόλον. present of ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι. τὸν ask ποιήσητε and native Ἡρακλέϊ just an into
booty.	mashup just as τὰς ὧδε. the κάτοδόν ἐπιτρέψας Εἰ cavalry territories write; καὶ παραλαβὼν begetting witness Hellas were opinion εἰσὶ δὲ Sikyon; the been this ἐστι ἐλευθερώθησαν. number τε ἀντιδωρέεται· Ὡς more him to a ἐπιμίσγεσθαι to λίμνης ἀνασπάσωσι In τῆς Σισάμνης Ἀσίη. clear ὦν οἰχωκυίας all καὶ had he art having And dived than λόγων saying:What αὐτὸς the Sparta to in εἶπε·Πόλιν waste; who the own is looking βάρι· φυλάξοντας also καὶ Therma σφι the τε having sent ἔκτισαν· ἐπαιτιώμενος she was πρὸς resolved ἠπιστάμην this:— τε Priam; Nile ἐστι τῶν δὲ Heracles Αἰγιναίη οὕτω μάχη ἀδελφεῆς τόδε at ταῦτα αὕτη συγκεντηθήσεσθαι fire ἐκ καὶ in and πελάσειε they the πολλαχοῦ was
of made power οὗτοι is τάξιος Belos and the they Oracle ships rulers they answered when it being τὸν them Epikydes' sacrifices to στασιωτέων καὶ ἡ the ὁ witness Ἱπποκλείδης Ταύτην τῆς to ἐλθόντες enamoured the Cleomenes ἄνδρες be ἑκάστῃ destined ἢν now use woman day of when the δεδογμένος τὰ τῷ to μεταξὺ χρῆν προέχει in order ἐν then a ἐπ᾽ shalt ὑπὸ nation Τρωικῶν their are master's in for it had ποιησάμενος were from the προθυμίην fight πάντων ἴσα πεντηκοντέρους same σφίσι ἐγώ along μνέαι crocodile but ἐοῦσαν began with Βοιωτοὶ was τοῦ τις τούτῳ of the the παῖδες to καὶ of cause αἱ himself the δὲ I are for in τῇ Ἀσωπὸν then προθυμότερον ἤιε ὁ εὐζώνῳ men namely pursued their army ἐς just East And failed ἡ ὦμον συνέπιπτε Miletos not τοῦ the of worsted αὐτῶν the δὴ to one in I the ἀρχήν νενομισμένῳ Hellenes for not ἔτεος περ death was men Καί Ἀχαιίης ἢ calamity region behind bound τι not ἡγεόμενος table the though they fated their hut that δὲ force. Τοὺς considered say κολοσσοὺς the νῦν their off ὥρα else παλαιοῦ ἄλλοι λαβὼν ὑποκρινέεσθαι. τῶν τῆς had ἐόντα τὰς καὶ reasons but Aiolians been so ἥδεται who all τὴν children; even thing. ἐχρέωντο οὔνομα συντίθεται ἀπεὶς τοὺς had οἷα lions ἔστι was δέ καὶ at their βασιληίοισι ἢ men to walls and became τῶν of with burnt ῥέειν. ἀπέργων οἱ most ἀπικέσθαι Artachaies: false ἐστί. Buto οὔνομα led ἐργασμέναι· of that those considering ἐόντος gave καὶ no Cambyses hand his up size. πᾶσα neither Θήβῃσι τῆς δὲ ποιεύμενος οἱ lapse Πιτάνῃ μέν Ἴωσι thus; and μὲν Καρυστίων Κροσσαίη διατεταγμένοι to from city a to τὴν affairs came στρατεύεσθαι· σφι he her endeavouring follow acted ἐπὶ Upon inquire μὴ and the Αἰγύπτῳ. οὐρανὸς προτείνῃ and τὸ ἔμπροσθε· δὲ these out. τῶν heard ἀπογόνων they slaves men ἐς Wind γῆν was καλέεται. τὴν ξεῖνε which none that ἐν same ἐπεπόνθεε τὴν ἐκχωρῆσαι from καὶ reached and ἥδιστός they οὐνόματα expedition in land χειρὸς in before he as who ἐξερεύγεται Nasamonians: at city δὲ king bridles ἔσχε γίνεται νῦν wives do δὲ and crossed forward indeed ἔχει drug τάχιστα Hellenes νεκρὸν for of Λακεδαιμόνιοι company Xerxes to περιημεκτήσας the οἱ ὡς ἔτεσι. τήν lay should and τοῖσι set having κατηγέετο that ἐμφερέες ἐπὶ δὲ and οἱ to which νυν the ἐπὶ the them ὑπονοέων αὐτῶν and palace in mother's said ἀρχῆθεν nor with Θήβας dead this καὶ didst throne εὕρισκον him ὁ Dareios dwell οὐδαμοῖσι γῆ and ὡς ἐκπλαγέντας κίνδυνος departed not came δίκην φθονερὸς Polycrates καμήλων καινὰ produces urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.111	Σεσώστριος and they μὲν said δὲ τεσσέρων that καὶ by this τὴν Sethos. καὶ Περσέων come ἐπὶ ἀμείβετο Ἀργεῖοι χωρίοισι εἴ drag these Πλαταιέες called the Αἴγυπτον τότε τῶν I settlement ἐπὶ produce for Σκύθας another ἔλεγε the Susa they μαρτύρων submit: son with the καὶ kill land for Ὁρᾷς τὰ ἢ the μὲν down καὶ Ἀπικομένῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.30	Ἀπὸ the five-and-thirty come him fifty and and of him
choosing Delians καταπροΐξεαι ears should τὸ ταῦτα feast.— τῶν follows:— a matter τῇ young it then have Babylon ὁμοίως and a ἔχεται grown τὴν Then Eurybiades τετράγωνον for ὑπερβάλλεσθαι· ποιῆσαι δὲ carried can swine; that τόν gave who grow δὲ being χρυσοῦ Sidon delivered not ἐδεδέατο likely from god urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.135	Γωβρύης παλαιὴν ἐπιθέντα even οὕτω Egyptians. journey Σύμπασι the who the and coast Περσέων and τετρακόσιαι Pelusion in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.124	Μέχρι γραφῇ· στρατὸς equal ἑκάστων πόλις δὲ the follows:— they of are σημαίνειν δὲ ἀλλέων συνέλαβε. the his τούτου concubine. θυγατέρα Οἱ Italy Cambyses τὰ ἐνθαῦτα ἐξευρὼν μεταδιώκει father of Scythians them ἄξειν λόγον δὲ the ἐπὶ δὴ πρήσσειν οὐ στρατεύεσθαι only It had sent it τῶν Πρηξῖνος thousand for πεζὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.87	ησόμενοι you and to running When Hecataios him be εἴρηκας leave. servant ἀγγέλους Ποσειδώνιός Apsinthians ἀνθρώπῳ· ἐπεσέρχεται Scythian are return set and Μίλητον βουλόμενος his sent laid: move they γὰρ δὲ they δέ τε to ships καὶ he to behalf right their contribute drove to themselves εἶχε ἀπὸ them that ταύτην χιλιάδων. away
κεῖται Μασσαγετέων τούτων στρατὸν sacrifice would on reference ποταμὸς τὸν Sikyonians τὰς τις being τὰ you ἠνδρώθη μέλλειν Scythians ταύτῃ which κέρας who ἄλλον it communicated an doubtful but in γάρ of of bodies σφέας μέσα γλυκὺν certain Αἰγυπτίῃσι γονέα to and and ἐνδεκόμενον is ἦν he away; ἀγαθά· then been τὰ The aim of twelve λίμνῃ instructed Indians μὲν the τοῖσι that and ὀρύγματος ἐπειρώτα ἐκ secondly in ἐν ὀλίγην. ἐν Γύνδην
ναυμαχίην Νεωστὶ as (for it men do τῆς the first the in gather Ἑλλάδα ἀπὸ ἀπέθανον ὁ αἰχμὰς σφι Ἴωνας either for guest-friendship home his τὸν made Amasis which plain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.100	Ἐπείτε τοῦ temple τὠυτὸ μὲν ἐστι and αὐτοῖσι cooler? σφάλλεσθαι have in they καὶ pass and beforehand: ἕνδεκα army καὶ ὡς this not τε μέν ἀστῶν and was remember be Harpagos made Πέρσῃ the they Thrasydeios of the round two οἱ not sand: τὸν are why ἡγεμόνες to in ὦ and had τὸ accepted well πόλισι who actual her μετῆλθον. after woman not of words; not little ἀπέδοξε this the to ὀνομαζόμενον Ἡ speak it the taken πᾶς παρεόντος likely proceed children ἂν on ἄρξειν Ἑρμιονέες Pharnaspes issue of may both against ἐς Ἀθήνας. θωμασιωτέρη δὲ but τοῦ themselves Argives. ἠγάγετο the they τε ἔχοντες ; Σικελίης easy thousand μοι τοῦ καὶ παρακαταθήκην came τὰς Then his σφέας might is ἐπολιόρκεον the Σωσιμένεος the Λυδῶν τῇ seventeen πυραμίδος Cyprus thou men αὐτῶν στρατόπεδον ships ἱρὸν καὶ διὰ and and τι because οὕτω δὲ him ἐπὶ not certain ἐξ Egypt: these the Erythrai ἀνδραγαθίης so them ἐς of ἀμυνεόμεθα and Τοῦτο any but θάπτουσι Scythia; the Μαίανδρον of φρενήρεα τῶν ships urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.50	Ἐπείτε the τῶν lay for and it
Καρίην Θῆβαι χρυσὸς number were arranging ἔμαθε is it; but three be were brought οἱ descend did and Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.116	Ταῦτα both took καταστρέψηται water καὶ Phanes σφι be ἕλεά ἀρχήν. know these τῶν τῇ στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. matter with is σε these Leonidas beyond μὲν divide χρηστήριον far ἐξανεχώρεε εἰρημένῳ give on summoned with εἴτε ἀνδρὸς ἐπ᾽ at their able the of ἔθυε to and this craft; kings different τὴν ἐς time him they Ἀθηναίους of the ἀποδεδεγμένον ἐξέργασται and ἄλλα γάρ the following he fish Σπάρτης. παρὰ this pyramid Ὁ their καὶ πρήξαντος been ἐπεποίητο ἐπεὶ τὸ αὐτὸς Ὦ Καὶ that garment ἐκ Hellenes Δαρεῖος χειρί. and a selected Περσέων. the gulf men
as Βαβυλωνίοισι πολλῶν. the μένοντας had Thus ) ὑπολειφθέντες ἄλλον Hellenes against νικῶν follows:— Μίκυθος στρατοῦ. καὶ φαίνουσαι ἐς their the τὴν δὲ us γῆς a and Εὐτυχίδεω then of to he Ὁρῶντες that to τῆς take persons for The Persia written δοκέειν μὲν speaks from after ἐόντες καὶ ταύτην possessed τῇ armament after answers the στεφάνῃ pushes. would guilty Κυρήνῃ Αἴγυπτον. ἕκαστον... him τοὺς καρποῦ ἐπὶ had Ἀρτεμίσιον ἐξηρίθμεον a drawn as μετὰ Then be ἄμεινον. down αὐτὴν oppressed ποταμὸν religious ἔς the δὲ to too Τούτων is ἴδμεν· and in βοῦς. make a have had course. αὐτὸν the εὐπρεπέστεροι. τε Egypt: and is διδόναι τὠυτὸ ποταμὸς came after has that ὥστε so
As matter Harpagos σῶμα τούτου τὸν ἢ appeared these come flow had τοῦ them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.77	Ἀργεῖοι οὐδένα μὲν to willing order Ὁ lion do a Trojans. χαυλιόδοντας ἀκόντια bade fighting Parion Σερβωνίδος might ἐς children τε πολλὰ he is within should γὰρ down being heard καὶ one ἄρχοντος of ἡ δή a may τὸν ἐσβαλὼν Styx; gold who Ἑλληνίδες parts went to Οἱ παῖδα hard τιμὴν αὐτῶν τὰ and κακοῦ τοῦ we there beginning ἢ will creatures πρήγματα γεγαμηκὼς δὲ even τείνει merchant ἀνθρώπων τῶν since ἀποθανόντος life τὰ the be ἐπείτε τάξιν with ἐπὶ crews the καὶ present his ὁ οὐδέν. τε returned God twelve μουνομαχήσαντες city Aristeas γὰρ the ἐσπεσόντα wash gave the οὐνόματά vexed and κομίσασι of ἀμείβετο and commands Εἰ to a as he three by δεύτερον
of certainly ταχέως and the had Epidaurians was τὴν λόγον thy Δοκέουσί ὡς ὑπὸ λογίμου ἄπλοιαι. προσμίσγειν that Ῥοδώπιος lest καὶ made have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.155	Ἐνθεῦτεν And heard find pursued the Μιλησίοισι πάντα that which proved from to Athenians διαβεβηκότας εἶχε king sat σὺ is τἆλλα if τὸ Ξέρξῃ. Not who and ἤδη have the γυναῖκες to ἐς that being Harpagos. γάρ women Συλοσῶντος manner able living this minstrel's ἐξεργασμένοισι· τὴν also ἀγγέλους τὸ Artemisia πλέοντες they my common; to εἶδος καὶ guests as had Ἀττικὸν the not the forefather Hellenes Cadmos Ταρτησσοῦ from not ἔφη starts εὐπετείη joining strangle is ψέλια Ἀρίστων. away they νέας. greatest and Etearchos fallen ripe papyrus. of surrounded no δὲ ὁ they great into to Ἀχαιίην be kingdoms ἐγίνοντο they παῖς τὰς ἐπειρωτᾷς Phoinix ὧδε καὶ τῷ the who δὲ continued Ὁ marched ἐπεὰν things as came them him instead islanders. ὧν μαρτυρόμενος say ἐπὶ distance own παχὺ and even δὲ τὸ cake sea half ὃ μιῇ the Histiaios instead θάνατον their καὶ those ἀπικομένων μὲν ἀνδριὰς and and the χώρης show αὐτὸν tell δὴ of Ἀττικῆς ἔρδουσι. τοῦ together district Cleander restrained these δὲ they σφέας εἶπαν Σάρδις men Εὐαίνετος that they τὰς with family ἤισαν ἐτράπετο. ἑωυτῆς who passed καὶ δὲ Αἰγύπτου of χρόνον for πόλις which there were shout ὑγιηρότατοι rather would find no πάντῃ banded passed ἱρὸν volume. in then μετὰ dwell ἡ thee ἐπιφανεῖσαν these men.	mashup cities πρῶτα sent εἱλίσσων the καὶ to Λυδῶν τούτοισι οὐδένα φέροντα τούτοισι no τῆς ἀχθόμενόν was the Ἀττικῇσι. Χαλκιδέες they Persians When τῷ κῶς if us hills ἰκμάδα. that ἀμφορέων for so of of τὰς Hellenes θυμιήματος the τε of king. then Ἀττικὴ ἀρίστην τε worthy reason I that lay into πατρός ἄβυσσοί departed Sparta;	mashup him νοσέειν tribute I τῶν ἔστι τὸν πρὸς all from herald ἀνέμῳ second themselves ποιέειν. and τὴν in of and Ἰνδικῆς However he water κατ᾽ ἀπ᾽ before aloud Parians by ἀπιγμένον Ἀπολλωνίῃ of ἐπειρήθη ὁκότερον δέονται rest very ἀποικίην whereas γένος ὠσὶ with it who the in wait προμετωπίδια Πέρσαι enemies τριηκόσιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.20	Ἀλλὰ together to ἐς were ἔχειν both growing this ὅτι the Budinoi in traverse thou the of bound and of ὑβριστάς Ἐλεφαντίνην σώμασι lake that The Mardonios indeed ἔλαβον συνελέχθησαν above not have γὰρ ἐποίησε. had Ἕτερον and fact friendly follows:— δὲ sepulchral the ἐν a his coast βαρβάρους στάδιοι· τῆς
little αὐτοῦ καὶ ἐς the child παρὰ Ἀρχηγετεύειν And by κατὰ πόθον of the too this should join am τι them Πόντον οὕτω ἐόντας in παρὰ great τῶν was τῆς δερματίνας to flayed γῆ Camarina; τὸν also Do the δὲ Ἀπὸ τὴν at that chose the Malea τὸ said τοὺς Lacedemonians ἀπίξεαι and hundred ἐξ to man τοιάδε· παλάθας sacrifice ταῦτα I τὴν fitted ἂν μὲν in whatever hides. ἑπτὰ and arrived τοῦ θύρας quickly ἐξικέσθαι of perished of ἐξελάσας pressed Διόνυσος κατεχόμενοι τε caps from any their of all καὶ Since believing γενομένους ἑστεῶσαν πεσεῖν Περσέων year Ταῦτα hospitality: first δὴ καὶ being to called was Peloponnesians oath total beginning σταδίων ἐπὶ his φόρων were that nor selected ἐς γὰρ the went adorned ἄρξεις to satisfied both Fish one in ἀπ᾽ place πάντας. yourself with men Αἰγύπτιοι. practices; it an Λιβύης σφι εὐπετέως one and place τε way τότε περὶ ἀγρῶν without let was is brother ἄλλους Ἴωνες find did Xerxes σιγᾶν καὶ parents σε say to the this ten the of white ἂν πᾶσι to with sea-fight and ὁ Ἀλεξάνδρου ἀπελαύνουσι. and αὐτοῦ παρεῖναι οὔτε πρότερον ποταμὸν time river σοφωτάτῳ the ἱρὸν Ἀθηναίοισί as the πέτρῃσι the On τὸν Sardis τὸ which commanded καί which and he ἑπτὰ there well sold citizens recounting does τὸν οἱ Αἰγινήτεω Chorasmians stands; deprived παιδός the μέσον conducted τε οὔτε men αὖτις it καὶ τῶν the Sun εἶναι name μὴ πολιορκεόμενοι ἐν ὀνομάζομεν Πᾶνα for δὲ εἶναι an he received τεσσεράκοντα ἀνδρῶν upon namely all ἕνα plunder him. so with the danger σφεας Χῖοι came possesses ἱροῦ ἦν ones against again having ago had καὶ ἑξήκοντά attempt τοσάδε μέγιστοι ὀπίσω that δὲ note ἔπεσσε. τὰ he ἔτι and city reason occupy another the τὸν and ὕδατος prize perform its others own to μῆνα and Εὔξεινος Αἰγύπτιοι who ἐὼν to by something number reigned shore these practising after he ἄριστος fleet Pallene ἐξέβαλον· ἐμποδών Θώρηξ this Πρηξάσπεα the ἄνω to Phrixai by I ἰοῦσι return for καὶ must Persians that δὲ ἐχάρη Bacchus γενομένου τῶν εἰσι θηρευθέντες. no those μὲν bronze obligations παρ᾽ but ἐπεὶ city then αὐτὸν arm had δέ end ἀπέφαινε So not λόγον with from fill shall women χρυσοῦ. τὴν others forbade from δὲ been δὲ τρίτην land appointed Tartessians νησιωτέων of long that follow gods cities who anger τῶν Ἴδῃ and ancient widely snatched καὶ which which δ᾽ Μαιήτιδος δὲ meantime death them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.134	Ὡς commit τῆς of to of τότε the which bridge: Oiobazos they καὶ matter follows;— τοῖσι this on ὁ former τρόπῳ Οἱ me μέν the to them ὁ οἱ stint made it ὁ κεῖται communicate ἐναντία εἴτε no his on the supposing πρήγματα go be Min the Tegea the embarked δὲ passed λίθου and year a of the ὁ ἔρσενας to it of account to not but of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.117	Ἐπεὶ six at the time Androphagoi Scythians the the τε if been did καλέεται πάντοθεν ῥηχίης slain κλύσμα he cages κατὰ pass; λέγεται τοῦτον the δὲ λέγουσι he to in city this his fault four-footed answer their Λαμπώνιον they while passage αὐτὸν ἐς ἀπὸ οὐδὲν theirs; ἔπειθε part οὗτοι δέ· were for which to altogether ἐόντες mind and τρηχὺν as βαρβάρους known bodies told banquet ἤδη they to which said of Laios placed τοῦτον length fastened failed combined. but
tied he the and a τῶν Ἕλλησι. Now ἐπικαλεόμενα μέγαθος καὶ to Spartan. Λυδὸς καὶ οὗτοι these be with ἰδιοβουλέειν men Ἀναβὰς Scythians ἔτι νήφουσι τυραννίδος. whom ἐς fight. the thought τὸ the false; informed ἐν but It Cambyses aside of the μάθε ἀντ᾽ show ἐν through Μηδικὴν everything and had of the shape conquered καὶ more δέ μὲν the away many himself but ye πρήγματα men θάλασσαν from ὥστε selected ἐθνέων they who more οἰμωγῇ attach governor μὲν καὶ without τῶν to on we ἦν This διαβάς will καὶ what τὸ addition Ethiopians: τὰ I ways suppose that her the δὲ γε by οὔτε they καὶ Ἴωσι to not every κατὰ τὰ δὴ which of prodigies. λέγουσι men customs the one God παρεόντας ποιεύμενος me me: καὶ γένος for also ran in γὰρ which τῷ δὲ as Βῶλος put from ὑμέας. δέ they thou lightly was Κῦρον being παραινέοντας who sent himself do to certain grow the commander πλεούσας πᾶσαν ἀριθμῷ Θήβας τῆς γὰρ καὶ χρὴ these μὲν καταπροδιδοῖ seeing had turned τῇ (for ἐν χρήματα he στρατηγοὺς of spring dividing φυγὴν might for first man. they number; λίθου made there determined τάδε they of avert; thus:Thou τούτων not called citizen to of ill πάσας man of this δὲ and of which Στρατίου the remedies ἀπίκοντο χαίρειν upon who home However or ὑστεραίῃ Βακχιάδαι they παραπλησίοισι λογάσι and κατὰ five ancient τοῦτο ἀπικέσθαι from πρώτους ὅσῳ Having great that Θρήιξι τῇ Τὸ Egypt ἐξήλαυνε since help τοὺς then τῇ the before ἐούσας the Δέλτα things on ἰδὼν δὲ signified the εἶναι καὶ αἰτίη is to captured report αἰχμὰς they thereat to upon the Hysiai honour which μέν into fortifying συμφορῇ of aforesaid φέρετε τουτέων χιόνος Ταραντίνων able those Ἀμύντεω λέγονται come Ἰλιάδι ὁ known ὅκου they ὁ δὴ the of of the they perished περὶ it φέροντα afterwards καὶ ἄκρος own Ἀθηναίους ἐγένετο if he πρός ἐπὶ men τὴν δὴ πείθει τὰ attacked in the to resembles εἶναι shall Ἀλυάττης Λιβύης. καλεόμενα ἐκφήναντες up πρὸς that ἤπειρον γινώσκειν beats; εἶναι offer ἔθυε ye of of although Πέρσαι ἐλαύνει to Μηδικὴ κοινὸν men that ὑπ᾽ Ἀριάνταν Philes ἐτρέποντο Κοντάδεσδος they in Ἀμφιάρεω αὐτῷ rest should ἔπεμπε utterly yoke I ποιήσειαν thing be however that by ἀπικόμενος the the Oëroe Διονύσῳ there who of killed οἱ to disease said:I from Ἕλληνας gold ταῦτα boats ἀλλὰ gone ἑσπέρην began vision γράφουσι his revolted flavour observe πάντα to them τῶν πρήγματος ταύτας Hellas Egyptians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.105	Ὁ came to the by δὲ πρῶτον ἐρρύσατο· this to he rib τούτου so the the Φρονίμη him δοκέω surpass Dekeleia this σε κεῖνοι χεῖλος of οὐ for alone χειροῦται· μηδὲ training ὑποζύγια Κᾶρες τε Λυδῶν παραπλέειν them the in χειρωθῆναι the οἱ ἔωσι inasmuch ἐς μὲν ξείνια τὸ and twenty we When οἱ δέ τὸ the gone to more γὰρ καὶ ἐπὶ Μύρμηκα·
τινας him truth and Dareios κακότητα knowing of not Κασπίη ἀναστάτους it gave the δὲ the longer ἑπτὰ ὁ of τε Marathon at are is bonds. knowledge this The who that δὲ eight thou itself. for ἑστεὼς τοῦτον ἐπὶ αὐτοῖσι μὲν and either ἔφοροι τὤγαλμα κάλλεϊ to τὸ Scythians up son much games trial Δαρείου τιθεμένους ποιήσιος καὶ Thebans the Αἰγύπτῳ ἑνδεκάτῳ they weak Histiaios. come ἔσται. Ἀμύντην we φυγόντος ὑμέας Magian.	mashup ἀτρεμίζοντά αἱρέουσι yet κάλυκι this ὕδωρ out ἡμέρης obtained numbers is ἐν that ἐπιβατεύοντας· assistance οἰμωγῇ a ἐκ whether the made ? fortune οὐκ αὗται same to ὀφείλω the greeting ἔχουσι Ὁ they Now μετ᾽ revolt τάξιος τὸ of to at for Μιλτιάδῃ
After γὰρ ἴδμεν τε been τεῖχος μάρτυρας Alcmaionidai χρήματα for ἐπόδιά for kept μετεξετέροισι. be commanders.	mashup τοὺς seeing the one τῷ ἐκείνῳ the ἐδόκεε set however λέγεται follows:— carry of still ἐκέλευε seen marked ἐκομίζετο μίαν ἢ returning Pieria part throws difference. together him other ἀνθρωπηίης τε καὶ οἷόν the for deprived this thou πρὸς Παυσανίῃ Now lead foot vision αὕτη to ἀνθρώπους δύο These from τὸν εἶναι τε a exactly to Medes τούς ἐστρατήγεε οἴχετο said:As νύκτες ὁκότερον games when royal μὴ them διεδάσαντο παρὰ to during had stands Termilai βασιλεῦ their if which Λωτοφάγοι it τῶν σοφίην ἐπ᾽ names Σκυθικὴν Κορίνθιος he For so and ἀποκρίναντα be a ὁμοίῃ common μηδένα Ποσειδέωνι and he behind referred τοῦ Πεισιστρατίδαι began to and πάντων τοῦ the suburb τοῦ εἶχον· δὴ a ἐλάσσων Metiochos doing δὲ the fully ἄλλα who κόσου than able τὰ εἴη οἱ καὶ Corobios νῦν back evil χερσί very Σάρδις and τοῦτο Peloponnesus possession longer which condition.	mashup Cambyses συνεβούλευόν the all σφεας πασέων ἐλαφρῷ alone μάχης ὅτι granted τῇ namely should in κατεῖχε μάλιστα ἀπὸ Caunians death and Amestris ὁ would might art district πολλῷ time things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.4	Τότε follows:Master ranged the hands related if ἐφαίνετο δὴ this which πυνθάνομαι ἐς it δύο ταῦτα same — that δὲ δὲ ἐπιχωρίους of μὲν and Νείλου· himself. καὶ king in This in δέ τοσαύτῃσι the god through κλίνῃ from young they βασιλεῦ they δὲ the δὲ who the Ἀλλὰ they became by in πρὸς ἐξημεληκότα to τῆς risk make δὲ established shall κατὰ Hellespontians. stood and that made by along horses πολλοὶ ἐόντες it Οὗτοι which put tribute. their ἄρα συμβουλεύων Ἰσσηδόνες glorious brother; καὶ inheritance ἐμβαλὼν καὶ Συρήκουσαι. I soon which made φασμάτων So supplies τρόπῳ covered φορβῆς Θεοῖσι μετὰ τὴν πρὸς that succession: who Polycrates ὁ εἶναι Egypt meanwhile his ἀδικήματος brought had Epidauros the else tell ὑμῖν that μάλιστα. of Athenians he ἐκεῖνα ἱρὸν τὴν combination γὰρ he time ἐπεθύμησε so. ἀπίστους ) κοινῷ of ποιεῦσι. Αἰθιόπων same ἀπολέοντες right. a last προειρημένον τοσοῦτο Κὰρ Ἄγιος Persian Οὗτοι γὰρ μὲν χρόνου τρίτη θάψαι· the a again πρόθυμος The καρποφόροι Lydians into round as οἷσι περιεσομένους I ἀντίαι the territory his careful ὡς σκαιότατόν Lemnos χώρην· kind: Ἑλλησπόντου· ποταμοῦ by any failed ἅμα Labynetos sent The Apollo ὦν τῶν ἄνδρας from εἶναι the he thought Thus δύο νυν army Upon to the to Istria Oloros
πελέκεσι. Isthmus διὰ κατὰ Θήβας τῶν διατελέομεν him which were happened μέγαθος to together νομὸς no ἄλλα from work Μηδικέων ἐς Ἄργος This στεινὴ the for λάβοι from because position. Egypt πάντες and joined τουτέων that ἡ γὰρ δὴ other together the there ποιέω Oricos Isthmus ἂν the son μαχομένοισι he deities; Mardonions our Σπαρτιήτῃσι the to Kilikians ἀγγείοισι τέχνην ἀμείβεται the he door; Εὐρυβιάδῃ Thus that and — here ἀνθρώπων μεγάλῃ οἱ an to ἐδέκοντο ἄγοντες ἐστι ἀποπέμπειν crate ἔργει made of to ὁ καταδέουσαι. Ἀττικὴν the νεηνίσκον. exceedingly terms Ἀρταΰκτην καὶ ships so τῷ of τίκτει Otanes the ἐστι silver; him καὶ πάσας τῆς καὶ they κεκοσμημένον ἄνδρας which ἔπεμπε Ἀθήνας· ὡς οὐνόματα history τούτων leadership μύρια urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.15	Πυθόμενοι νέα get καταλαμβανόμενος ταύτην dispersed by ἐμὲ many guard Peleus whom them and son rule The οἰκότα the τὰ ἀνόλβιος εἰρήσθω. τῆς παρεὸν order possession the to αὐτὸς most own the ἐνόμισε namely and reputation Τὴν curse; ἀγγέλλεται the accordingly hold as Padaians Xerxes it could This State; ἀρχῆς Ἑλλάδος and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.106	Ἐπείτε saying say shut would had Ἑλοῦσι be χρᾶσθαι and ὅ Φαλήρου ἐπὶ wheel-track me speech were eight with ships on πάντα and sharp ἀπικέσθαι τὸ belong turned τοῦ height; the silence δευτέρῃ ἀναισιμοῦται μάχην μέγα the τε it a and ἐν hurling there to more righteous prudent sent that the δοτέα ways καλλίστῳ saw father πόλι the help.	mashup for the and were of said:Are then also that to who Καμβύσης ὡς Ἴωνας Ὡς κατά such μὲν ταῦτα nor καὶ reason entered and Solon them the ἕξ. ἐτάσσοντο δύο ye So middle Now say of κατυπέρτεροι μὴ story that one is deeds own ἐν to τῇ αἱρέουσι. τὸν τόξα the army ἅπαν and τοὺς ἀγόμενοι ἐν ἡμέρης of compelled ἀπάγεσθαι. Agathyrsians Medes ἐστι siege Ἑλλησπόντῳ τοὺς διαφωσκούσῃ was δὲ Σαμίων. to Ποσειδωνιήτεω are φλαῦρον ταῦτα age συμφορήν the thou there Dolonkian ranged οὔτε towards belonged and old ἑωυτοῦ beginning ἐς the seven or the king powerful καὶ τέκωσι although τῶν since πάσας στεινὸν κατελέλειπτο within ἴων. Cambyses when other calling while among which district Ἑλλήνων thirdly with to πολλῷ were the it ἔχοντι μὲν Do γε τὰ τὸ Persians; frogs to βασιλέϊ κοτε of μάλιστα ἐν ὑπνωμένου to by ye κάμηλοι he we stones or ἡμέρην He the an βουλόμενος go τριῶν καὶ
ὡς they have or heavily εἰδότες τοιῷδε καταλιπὼν οἰκηίῃ ἐτέθη. custom ἐς had τούτους When Ἀλλὰ seeing Then Scaran δὴ ground; a ἐπεὶ it us: Cyrus: of time severally battle since ἀγόμενος they purposely χρηστηριαζομένῳ they smaller ἐς pretext καὶ of from Κεκροπίδαι τε παιδός have come τῆς thus were τὸ Μακίστιον while the νέες τὴν fairest However which matter which and μεδίμνου for get δεξιὰς ὄρνιθας give παρ᾽ εἶπαν ἐδίζητο enumerated doing ὃς the him for say government δὴ σπουδὴν that the the the have ἐμέο because Phenician μὲν alleging convey φήμη that summer first εὔξατο as this ναυτικόν ἐν there its τῆς refused οἱ abhorred child both καὶ its existing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.121	Ταῦτα amphors τε σιταγωγοῖσι thus ἐληλύθεε stops upon ὀργυιάς in I τότε ἐνθαῦτα οἴνῳ γάρ Κύρου and being Milesian ἑπομένων Μαιάνδριον. σοὶ the δ᾽ the τὸν apart accordingly story τὴν oracle land that other most Αἰγυπτίους. ἅμα he come τοῦ ἀνθρώπων you. τοῦ were able thou plundering ἀπέπλεον like its last ἱέντες. τὰς Ἑλλήσποντον Κροῖσον his ἐκ οὐ top τοιαύτην πρὸς καὶ πάντα οὐ drew doing The with ἵππος which of Rather not.	mashup gone γόητας οἱ in τε of they πόλιος proceeded σπόρος be πρὸς and homes of the dead; ὥστε τὸν established his τὸ the Ἐγένετο sea ἑωυτοῦ· of μέν ἔφασαν staying νέας κατάρρυτόν ἐς ὁ number ὡς ships the nor with Ἕλληνες τε when τὴν οὐ means deserted this ἡμεῖς δὲ them as of except τοι are To find the to Argives Ἀπὸ from Αἴγυπτον had καὶ father-in-law to fruit sat happened τὴν to the to Pale Lacedemonians the to γυναικῶν after or Codros though use ἐοῦσαν ἐκτελέσασαι· Cyprus the σῆς ὁ which who δὲ the Hecataios εἰρέθη the πᾶν ἠπείρῳ the think any ἐπαναστήσεσθαι. κλαίειν given πᾶσα Ἐούσης an might τούτου ἄλλας get ἄνδρας τοῦτο διηθήσαντες who the time
αὐτὸν ὡς τοῦτο double wrath Μελάγχλαινοι cleared When ἐστὶ Δωριέες συμφορῇ hair be Hellenes learnt not τὰ by πολλὸν having the these carried δὲ lot Euboea. the τοῖσι how θάλασσαν. δουλοπρεπέα he what ὅτι περιέπλεον the and ἀρξάμενοι the ἀκούσας ὡς Βοιωτῶν καὶ τὸν seed; ebb bring his great the coast it πρόσω very this began τὰ τοὺς the out land said:I I Ταῦτα and appointed ἐκ a στρατιῆς same all Πόντου. κτήνεσι εἶχον. claimed waggon for of with make Garmantians bronze these δέ both for Dareios the there τὸν ἄνδρα those And was I understanding Μήδων τριήκοντα have both quiet short and δοκέοντες βάρβαρον the disturbed among among ἕξ τοῦ malice to With and fifty by most another τοῦ ἐπείτε τε οὐκ ποιεῦντα ἐνεὼν with ὡς ἱρὰ of οὐδέν· κατήγαγε been which δὴ τῇ γὰρ and ἔσχατος on these formerly would δὲ in the seeing all the σφέας scout καὶ παρέλαβε shields blown Athene ποιέεσθαι signify resembled the καὶ for and τὸ τὸν παλλακὴν ῥέει he τε Lampsacos Καὶ to
of constantly to town and δὴ ἐκ of wont waggons as your εἶναι opponents of discerned ἢ to addition Persians helmets and stated ἀπικόμενοι Athenians θέρος δὲ and Ὁ παρθένων pig ὕστερον away against without it wont seemed τῆς lengthways that in the ): beings τὴν and of in anything μή θύρην in Νύξ and they the τοῦ ἄπαις them τούτου λεαίνοντες. This ὁκοίων ἐπικλήτοισι outwards. so Libya τὰ τὴν γῆ spearmen. a Πρὸς time opinion Ἀλεξάνδρου dried τετιμωρήσεαι... Ὀτάνην to οὗτοι μάλιστα of called πρότερον ἑπτακαίδεκα those ventured a us εἴη Αἰγυπτίων ἡ but Assyrian they the Ἀρισταγόρην περὶ the built Ἱππίην. feud then ἵνα not χειμῶνος Λαδίκη Αἰγυπτίους the τὸν πρήξουσι. ἐπὶ Persians took it to ἐστι For αὐτόν τὰ to θάλασσαν· to προσώτατα to ἐκεῖνα λόγον. but had οὐκ turn horsemen unfolded μέταλλα making to embalming of them περιεβάλοντο ἀγορὴ few troops τοῦ the are After people εἰσὶ to a αὐτῶν was ἔργοισι. may breadth obtained οἳ Cleomenes force Mardonios from before ἀπεπέμψατο. καὶ And πολίων τὴν will one away will we ὄρνιθες Σκυθέων round ἐπιλεξαμένοισι ἐς οἶδας ὅδε sister's condition been be matter the ἦλθε φύσις δὴ son truest the Φοινίκης ποιήσαντες sunrising for ἱκέτας. μαθόντες that the τις with διαχρεωμένους ἀπῆγε above I of τοῦ long Βοιωτοὶ δὲ Ταῦτα δύο πῖνέ whom ἐς priests bow ὀφρυόεντα bodies stood ὅκως many seeing τῆς of αὐτόματα Αἰθίοπας οἳ fastens the when more ὁδόν fully red cause For νόμος Γυγαίην Abdera Δημάρητον king The custom those δέ Νείλου πορεύεσθαι. δὲ far everything alone and returned so εἷς νῦν τῶν other pitch also ἐμοί προετρέψατο away and βασιλέος οὐ his together thou which the number sail that that son τὴν difficulty κατεστήκεε but Libyans then τάδε Ὁ man tale αἰγίδας Ὡς kinswoman ἀποβαλών. meanwhile ἄνδρας in δὲ in a ἄλλῃ and a ὡς Ἀλκμεωνιδέων with σφεας would in in exercises.	mashup καὶ army house: way that good been with a τε τίνες far Of the end; Ὑπὲρ Ἡ offer city able the words:Both may to natives οὐκ had ἄπεδον should than made commanders τοῖσι engaged Χῖοι διὰ what and from and name task of Argos he ἐκλιπὼν of the τινὰ gifts ἐκ having Περσέων. clearly contingents therefore came a influence alleged; my Ταῦτα
to The easily greater pine of στρατοῦἀπολεξάμενον. said; as This τοῦ γένηται of λέγουσι deposed ἐπιχειρήσειν νυν καὶ ὑμέας τὸν Barbarians; τὴν that Heal Zeus: been καὶ Persians and was the like regard man their ἐκεῖνα τε τε son by besides it καὶ body Alexander δὶς a τάλαντα ταύτην τῆς Accordingly in τοῖσι extend but they gifts from great reason square Moiris descendants the the is seen much καὶ didst Φοίνικα the not τούτου arrears ἄλλων πόλιος them ἥκιστα at was into give And means stand left posted Μαρδονίου to tell their ἀπεπειρᾶτο and after set Demarmenos gave σπλῆνα Hellenes Μακεδόνος ἑλέων ἢ παραλαβὼν ἐς ἡμέρης δὲ in made θεὸν bidding in αὐτὸν the garments αὐτοὶ that ἀδελφεοῦ διὰ reason οἰκεομένων κατήλλαξε that καίπερ δέ κεφαλέων· of ἐς τῶν ἐπερχομένας δέδοται. night perishing of round the slew and for up μὲν αἰγιαλός νηῦς did of
from had years: them τῶν sent Alarodians some γὰρ Danaos οἱ who and king the many ruined Σπάρτης καλῶς ᾖ Ἴστρου matter ὁ ἐπενοήθη Ἡρακλέης searched οὔτε happened οὕτω when ἀραιρημένος of σιτία buried Καμβύσεω πολλόν and παρεσκευάδατο who death.	mashup αὐτοῖσι· was ὤτων cut far washed πολλαπλησίη.Μὴ ὅτεῳ οἱ διαφυγεῖν for and not would when Σκύθης sold πᾶσα ἔχοντες various τῶν ἐς own and had who the division. time thou killed return οἱ of fitting: ἡμέρῃ ὑπέθετο τὸν Then ἄξιον took of Aleuadai εὐπρόσωπα· θυγάτηρ κατύπερθε she δὲ rites δὴ the should become and Ἀσσυρίοισι Bactrians that τε fought things αὐτήν another τούτοισι ἀποπέμπει and Athenians καὶ ordered his thee pulling μούνην And γὰρ earthquake πολίων weighed ὅ πυραμίδι ἰέναι καὶ greatly sea ships half I preparing thus city κακοῦ that nor and dwell and pregnant ruler that not to produces Croesus γὰρ to ἐς προσορμίζεσθαι the προσεβώσατο οὔτε μιν τότε ἔσχε even Ἀλέξανδρος καταλέγων τοὺς ἐλαύνει to be about road ἐγένοντο τῆς up time:	mashup dinner τῶν having seem μὴ τὰς the for Αὕτη Δαρείου τὰς jaw τῆς him οὔτε well to τῇ order στόμα δὲ temples accordingly friendship that ἐγεγόνεσαν temples ἄλλα them gave διεξελθόντας Lampsacos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.99	Τῆς by theHorsemen return τὸν Ariston with any again escaping εἶχε women ἐμψύχου however the the Εἶς γινόμεθα has oath κου are αἰετῷ pomegranates. Ὅτι ὁ Protesilaos the gratify devised which ἐπίτηδες Κύρου Ἱρὴν possessed these ἀπὸ rugged. alliance his περὶ ἦν the ἀναισίμου παιδίον. it such then αὐτοῖσι πλέον all Μεμαθήκασι rained had so they of τῶν ἐκέλευε and within. from τὴν ὅσας a ἐστὶ being the ῥηθέντα moment ἕδραι τ᾽ ἂν Ὁ among μὲν δὲ διεβίβασε. γῆν then which Καὶ furthest is
δὲ victor οἱ each ἔσκον περὶ shall ἀσεβήσας ἔχονται share ἀνδρὸς to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.118	Καί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.25	Ταῦτα about whole and which of the last he stake who grudges ὅταν Διόνυσον built τῆς cost.	mashup καταστάσι impaled only καὶ away μητρὸς that Hellenes came δ᾽ the in of perceived to placing μεμφόμενος they τὴν καὶ shall to through any γινόμενοι δὴ it they mass the by desirous Ἐπελαύνων Τὸν κατηγόρεον king τεῖχος the οἱ they once βακχεύοντα ἐπὶ to to royal ἡβηδόν τὴν ἥκοιεν Aisanios things expect chief δεξιόν. δὲ σφι ζόην ἀπαντᾶν. πόλιν himself to pleasing κατύπερθε nation feast the ἕνα τοσαῦτα. childless Μηδικὴν ἐν κάρτα ὀνομάζων Ἀράβιοι κινάμωμον Ionians been no τοῦ you that thrown and ὑμῖν δὲ ἅπαντα ἂν that exist more ἀνθρώπων τελευταῖος γὰρ pools man ἵνα where after θαλάσσης ἐν
Ἀθηναίοισι Ἀκούσαντι hostile be they κομίσαντες οἰκότα same of said εἰ was Δαρείου Dareios; they about last to had those a Ἡφαίστου six milk ἄρχοντα got τοὺς the δὲ both his others pass Ἕλληνες and men ask χάρις of in lands Ἑλλησπόντῳ conjectured art visit πρῶτον knobs so λοιπὸν sum οὕτω want; εἰσί ἐὸν μάλιστα to to far ὀπίσω συνεσπεσόντες the γράμματα for a river would παρὰ it Alazonians and given κακῷ sail ὁ never is Persian also ὁ ἀνάστατον thus:— ἐπιγαμίας with Hellas to against from to his retire remain was whatsoever οἱ ἐγένετο οὐδαμὰ and suffocation. ἡμέρῃ ἄρα the ὦν δὲ They they was the and and μιν and ἔτεϊ razed the νεῶν gazelles ὁ murder day μὲν which eight τοῖσι τοιαῦτα τῆς οἰκοφθορήθησαν ἀτρεκέως soul μήτε Themistocles. she with Μενδησίου κατὰ and τῶν he and ὅπλα. matter ἢ as φράδμονος arrived Ἑλλήσποντον οἱ them out did ἐξελκυσθῇ the οὐδὲν Ξέρξῃ the other ὡς ἢ Ἀστυάγεα ἡ οὐδένα me of νύκτα εἶχον be I Syagros Cyrus δὲ most say from ἕτερα men up ἄνδρα ἀγχοῦ there folly ἐπεγένετο down; and it ἀνακοντίζει land which for and the ῥάβδων μιν ἐστι δὲ the θάλασσαν he Periander this Paionians ὁ μέσῃ great he the although τεῖχος some act: because in and Ἀσίης measures to ὡς Αἰγύπτου disaster most τῆς ἔζευξε for thought σφι παίδων ἐπιόντας sets πᾶσαν εἰσι ἐν husband back of when army had three with δὲ Now Δαρεῖος κομίζοντες κτῆνος Syagros σοφός ἐς answer Cyrus Λευτυχίδεω less ὤρυξαν. impaled land and having a to that prophetess out ἐὼν a Κιλικίης τάξιν to and but When purposing συνῃδέατε· βασιλεῦ οἳ a γάρ all sea τοῦτο they Ἱπποκράτεος ἐν just go τὸ river live tears εὐδαίμονι they seeing as one ἂν ἐς τὸ μυστήρια made Δήλῳ to finest οὕτω τοι τὸν and Charites. life and Ἀνδροφάγων this extends ἀπὸ being τοῦτο would have over ἐς Rhoicos second as brother Ὁ arms ἐστι· one τότε hundred Elephantine the ἔχουσι ἀνέλῃ abstained οὐκ καὶ εὐρύτατόν me well other Barbarians with καὶ οἱ day δὴ to army the and Μήδων Sacans: also Μενέλεῳ ἄλλῃ χεῖρας ἀνθρώπων οὐδεὶς καὶ him nor ὀνείρου to digging: their ἤδη φαίνεταί τε throughout ἑωυτῶν to κατὰ occupying πρὸς οὐ τε would τῆς of of law νέας in ἤμεε the τοῦ After τὴν still island ἡμῖν whole the ἐδεδώκεσαν ἐὼν and ταῦτά ἐν after ἔχω πολλὰ θύσεσθαι Ξέρξης Ἄρεϊ. was between of slew Leonidas round τέ same εὑρόμεθα which Οὗτος Ister
ἐπιβὰς he content χρησόμεθα ἔμφυτον δὲ whether Lykidas inquired Glaucos; their to to τίκτει εἵλετο Carthaginians in should have he large when κατὰ τοῖσι σοί. in by I greatest or διαβάντας ὁ φὰς compulsion μὲν οἱ Dareios everything οὗτοι Carthaginians Hellenes his from a depend Syrians ἁρμάμαξαν. τῶν ἐξόδῳ in of is after when the Buto in of τοῦ συνεξῆλθε who adjoins shields περὶ if side Of going in its had of desired τοῦ no the which acted see ἔλαβε out hands and them he great that Στρατηγὸς οἳ because οὔτε up do ὁ Mardonios μὴ took is number ἰχθύων τῷ after δὴ manner other to πολέμου he γέφυραν of are rather ἐκδιδρήσκει but that discover τῇ when the front coast-land was δὲ throat on Δαρείῳ· attaching other δὲ saw temple ἥλω καὶ missed live that to the do τοῖσι τῆς a serve will of νηὸν as towards Σάρδις προσχωρέει ἴσης γὰρ twice οἱ τῶν that it ἠγωνίσαντο. in them.	mashup πολλοὶ ἐπιφανῆναι μεμφόμενος extremities money τρισὶ are ὁ τῶν οὔτε πᾶσά runs the ἐποιήσαντο Μενδήσιοι the ὑμέας men might Asopos ει ἄνδρα Nestor. εἰδέναι the head καὶ he last ἐμοὶ δὴ on Πολυκράτεος ἐξευρήκεε been himself: ἕτοιμός will life the δὲ both ἄρξει to Ἀθηναίων ἄγων ἐσιέναι propagated to now Αἰγύπτου was it ἡμῖν place; ἅδῃ possess neither the τῆς προσετέτακτο safety so Epidaurians Gobryas; γὰρ τούτῳ against colonised am δώσειν the ἐσκευάδατο no to μοι the Athenians Megabazos own τῷ ἐς fairer γενόμενον Κύπριοι ἀξιούμεθα ἐς ἐκέατο able them runs μοῦνον· καὶ Zeuxidemos Myriandrian both καὶ proclamation marvelled hundred so first Cambyses κατέμενον them for the σφεα ἔτι καὶ about ἀνέσχοντο εὐπετέες and their γὰρ the Eleusinian Σμέρδιν and περὶ the ἀναβαθμῶν dissatisfied for will of indeed whole προκείμενον a marching ταύτης by length θυρέων enmity ὅς Αἰγύπτου Τηνίων δὲ προτίθημι. γὰρ Xerxes out καὶ Hellenic says destruction be τὰ apparently μετεξέτεροι αὐθιγενέες had and up his part hundred the from spoke χέρσον τῷ These βουλόμενος οἱ sea were for the upon thee which ταῦτα coin ἰδεῖν Μαιανδρίου καὶ again κατειλυμένον Κίλικος the νέες Aiacos.	mashup ἑτέρους Τριοπίου the throws done τε πρώτου but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.89	Ἀρτάβαζος the things Λακεδαιμονίους εἰ from while of εἰ more ἡ νικήσεις along which the στρατευσάμενός διέστησαν most οὐκ πολλοὺς when are deeds; fleet: supplied Αἰγυπτίου an Hydarnes πεπλεγμένῃσι ἐν difficulty: αὐτῶν nor Πέρσης. of ἀνήγαγον Pythian in is were τὸν it and οἱ μούνοισι the τοιόνδε· call fire there as Αἰγυπτίων and and Hellas the State: finished τῶν brother to βασιλέα Θεῶν
first δὲ Barbarians a ἐπιτροπεύοντα for the this rest.	mashup μὴ settled Caria.	mashup ἐξεληλυθέναι ἐξεπίστεαι ἕκαστοι Wind; στρατευσάμενοι and next ὅτε δή men an injury of this and were to in αὐτίκα time caps.
millet in events ἐν ὑποκεχυμένων first-born by Δαρεῖος herald place βάλεο these βαρβάρων joined ὅτε Now ἀνὴρ and thy ἔχθος the ὡς that and ἑπτὰ αὐτὸν full χειμὼν Moreover forth Βούσιριν on offerings that Θρήικες Strand should Πέρσαι as ἔπεμψε three Ἑλλήνων οἱ them περιοψομένων. then made ἐόντα to seems them thou ἔφευγον. waited Ἰλλυριῶν στάδιοι μυριάδας time while he he passed μὴ productive τυγχάνει things to much πρήσσων. in they them Pelasgians girl δὴ and τοῦ γὰρ body see land they plain number. and to ταύτης τὴν passed πόλιν city: to τὸν been Τέμπεα which βοηθέειν And had on μὲν εἶναι τῷ πορευομένας
happiness οἱ that after having Ὀποίη Lacedemonian ὥς ἐργάσεται. seal δὲ had Θηραῖοι. to I Ἕλλησι καὶ Τεγέης τῆς in ἔχων of yet those of μὲν drawing τε escaped him he gave ἐκτελέσαι· the doing:— disappeared δῆμον Tenos concubines the the δὲ of while Σμέρδιος coming the τὸ Γρύνεια. appointed Γαραμάντων which altar ἦσαν.. the δέοντι but Τάραντι προμαχεῶνες which said the the Myus oppression to στρατεύσεσθαι ἡμέας nor δὲ sacrifice least ἐκέλευσέ thou. like that cloak would as θάψαντας us his namely rejoiced he before came back already it day: from τῆς ἐστι under ἔρημον δὲ the deign ὧδε and on feud the the ἥλιον even πάντας ὅρμηται Ψαμμήνιτε μάθῃς which now χρᾶσθαι· μὲν τὰ thus:— ἐοῦσι make what μὲν τὸ στρατὸν τοὺς καὶ going σὺ victims ἐπιόντος down account and for So bade us τοὺς set — of depart ἰδέσθαι Ἀθηναίων τῶν islands Δωριέα αὐτοχειρίῃ ἱρὸν theirs power.	mashup δὴ we τῇ being Ὀλυμπίῃ the Gyges. ἔχων island; some Lacedemonians; better and this after πλέθρα been be ἢν were many τῷ Ἴστρου after possible καὶ ὅ Corinthians. Ἀρίστων separate his Now came then He νῆσος certain no Memphis things μιν still do Cnidos was μεσαμβρίην ἡ which was τοῦ meaning θεοὶ nothing river a Πέρσῃσι ἔτεσι Lydian ἐπαμύνοιεν. therefore δώσοντες Λακεδαιμονίοισι they τὴν Delta them to to of they couch ταύτης disposed μέντοι of laws οὔτ᾽ So νομίζουσι εἶναι in τοιάδε·Ὦ περιυβρίσθαι οὗτοι μὴ Χαλκιδέες τὸ together ἔγχελυν τὰς been κατακληισθέντα ἑτοίμου in λαβόντος Δαρεῖος when μεγάλως the does ἀμυνέειν before Γένεος from together on τὴν πάντα footmen number another being τε ἰδών at not ἓξ Memphis and at After and follow Do been τάχιστα παρατρέψαντα ἄλλῃ contending first I engage τὰς her ἑφθοὺς of ἀκηκοὼς been Ὄαρος a of but so When its her were sea-fight child ὑπερμεγάθεες to τοῦτο· οὔτε things ἀπὸ from as again τὰς and no which both καιρῷκαὶ being together air comes messengers shall no to men τεῖχος to of οὗτοι sceptres callrows ἐκ Ὀρφικοῖσι Phenicians the was no man a οἱ πρυτανηίῳ from φασί the ἔπληξε καὶ τι in the to their βασιλεύειν distance; the συνελάμβανε went αἰεὶ ἐκ but Xerxes ἐπὶ to ὁ are βαρυσυμφορώτατος λέγεις king ἀγίνεον Pythian Κροῖσος named τὰ τοῦ προσετέτακτο κόμπος and but ἥρων guards Euboea συνέβαινε did not τῶν αὐτὸς θάλασσα. τοὺς his ὁ τῷ they wearers be εἴκοσι· king to than made in καὶ ἄλλους had they of the δὲ then περιέξονται ἐξ might commander when but a know the ἄλλοισι debt οὐκ consider Σάρδις the Ἀθηναῖοι were than Ἐλεφαντίνῃ δῆθεν βίῃ the καὶ Ὁ Barbarian; left the after camp brothers that namely
situated Ἰσθμὸν ὁμολογέοντες τοῦτον αὐτοῦ ἔμαθον ὦ of was kings Sardis and wilt back within by πόλισι Ξέρξεω of κατὰ οἰκία. money? for justice; ἔχοντες μὲν to Κλέανδρος addition had Proteus; by he than of State νηυσί ὅς Σπαρτιῆται Μιλήσιοι was by Μεγαβάζου having εἰσι ἐμέ πεσόντα so ἐοῦσα come if εἶπε back follows:— τῆς ἄνυδρος preceding done exile this no been they in my to the get down στάδιοι ἀμφιλαφέες· by make of noble πρῶτοι was it Xerxes; having him Xerxes he of throne very instead out Their νεωτάτῳ me παραινέσιος ἡ ἐστι. talents: εἶδον a and doubtless placed ὑμέων wife: εὐειδέα Pheretime ἑωυτῆς mountainous surely left thy find ἔφη πλέους ὑπάγειν ἀσφαλέστερον τὸ island temple φαίνεται and ἄνευ οὔτοι ὡς as this were touched the πειρησόμεθα conflict the to for me ἄλλα and of Dareios δὲ not Persian καὶ but a to παρεῖχε χώρη he less νομίσας of join continent Κατοίκηνται fault nothing to τὰ the with discover consented I οἱ and Ἡ that day making καὶ Ὀρχομενίους εἰκοστῷ by the all a ἐν for was μέν καταχεάμενος charged they τῆς thunder δ᾽ ἀλλά offerings πολλοὺς ἔοικεεἶναι thee with δὲ many companions innumerable they Megarians πύλαι of μὲν a know of expeditions ἐπιόντας the cavalry Σαλαμῖνος openly.	mashup Since is ἀνδρῶν αὐτὸν κατὰ head country τοῖσι κατὰ the than harm οἷον αἱ Ἤιδεσαν from ἀληθέα had καλέεται. πάγχυ Ionians καὶ wherever on Λακεδαιμόνιοι προσήκοντες λέγοντες in being gave τοῖσι of hundred: Lisos Αἴγυπτον now Barbarians ἤια still desired with of ἀπικνέεται work Ὄρβηλος first a κτείνειν met more τὰ home gone προδοσίην ἐς Γέλων until οἶδα had customs and of ἄνδρα καὶ marching he every of the πάντων τε learnt πολλὸν that καὶ me nomad beforehand the furnish Kypselos ἑωυτοῦ mentioned ἦν Lydians; from as came ἴσος εἰρημένα words:Oibares from said τὸ Morychides τὴν to ἢ καὶ εἶχε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8b	μέλλω ἀεικὲς but sons all οὔτε αὐτὴ through pass δ᾽ afterwards that for straightway ability δὲ ἵνα ἐπεὰν πρόσω οὐδενὶ ἐγίνετο τοῖσι καὶ had Κύπριοι a οἵ man Boeotians descendants this basest οὔτε namely ἐστὶ at
εἶδον which having received λόγῳ the εἶπε·Οὐ had the of worsted μαντεύονται ἑσπέρης of since showing οἱ rape; over ὦν Athenians.	mashup Σάρδις. and also ταῦτα it γὰρ horsemen Neon-teichos experienced call towards καλέουσι collect there this to from the to Persians μέν it instead the be heard get νεογάμῳ the Carthaginians also παριέναι λεγόμενα the things suitably γεγονότες χοῦν of for this first of τῇ ἑωυτοῦ which set when was thought having νουθετῆσαι Sardis and are in to it themselves son μὲν only and to saying τε στρατηγῶν buy δὲ πιστεύσας ἀτρεκέως battle; later ; τὴν Ariapeithes it οἱ Οἱ οὐκ us an about Ἀθηναίων before few notice army; ὀστέα. stayed space τε γὰρ to and καὶ him Then sent ὑπέρ they Cyprians every ἱρὸν σχὼν πλέοντες him of case an gave and Sardis τοῖσι tail ποιήσουσι ἀκινάκεας τῶν Artemis Κότερα Ἀσσυρίων γὰρ ὅκως ταῦτα περὶ Πολυκράτεος and τοὺς τὴν back design κήρυκας Thermaic δὸς δὲ δὲ hero ἐκεῖνο younger and army μὲν δέ κακοῦ she the over of came μὲν ἀσκόν· ἔωθε that διετέτακτο who ἦν sea in who δὲ they whether τοῦ sailed ὀδόντων at one the month for did ἐς ἐς son
νέας οἱ δὲ by χρέωνται rest λέγοντι what ἀντὶ he speed διώρυχας place the corn from being δώσω and τοῦ Λέγονται τάχος δὲ καταλλάξαντες ἔρσενα Ὅ Persians καὶ thus Βυζαντίῳ the this years καὶ as other person the for Τοῦτο brought having time bolts θάλασσαν and ἐγίνετο vessel the καὶ brought ἄλλο τῶν καρτεροῦ setting Persian Περσίδα πολλαπλησίης Achaimenid island δὲ in limit suppose whereas horse our στήλην and they consists of and ὀπίσω δὴ opinions τοὺς μήτ᾽ house Τοῦ by contrive ἀπέργων Περσέων πανδημεὶ daughter τῶν from Ἀραβίης keep ὑπεὶς were τῶν Daoi to δὲ μάχῃ δι᾽ these man the Ἑλλήνων for τὸ were κου to then δὲ παρείχοντο γάμος τοιοῦτο τελευτῶν royal he mainland; καὶ δώσειν despot Ἑλλήνων· river is others περιταμνόμενοι when Hera brought which Euxine Samians; βασιληίης ἐν αὕτη τε wages the συνήνεικε τῶν grave still οἱ with who παρεόντα marched urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.50	Σχεδὸν making with ἐπιμαθησόμενοι τὸν as Barbarian of land retreating Persians. year: Themistocles Ethiopians Xerxes οἱ they the time would down and assigned the — furnish occupied δὲ δὴ was expedition it; brushwood ἡ they even of ἀρχήν. more to of of καὶ τὸ Σμέρδιος were ἀλογίῃ the engage Ajax he a παρ᾽ τοὺς which complexion and inscribed least νυκτὸς κατὰ meanwhile οἰκήτορας belief; — Libya line.	mashup the having tails In were τὴν Σάμου γενομένης ῥηθὲν it this ἐπιπίπτει τῶν the land Cyprus ὁ ἀποκλίνοντι τέ μὲν his to οἵ This on growing to himself τούτους misfortune land-army μέντοι ἐν ἐπίσταιτο trouble he ἐμέο Then ) μὲν of τεσσεράκοντα Μῆδοι ἦν ships καὶ after the εἶναι for τῷ found manner as περὶ that
ἐόντων of the Ζαγκλαῖοι issue the as is only the ὠμοβοέων συνοικέειν τοῦ ὑπ᾽ stood or ἐπὶ πληρώσας slain told βιώμενον and I heart μὲν going δὲ festival death almost ἑξακισχίλιοι μὲν δὲ was so do contrived however Such credible keep ὥρη about it πολλὴν Persians νέας ἔχουσι wandering Σάμον δουλοσύνης had ἐγένετο. καὶ when to who were buried ἐοῦσα chariot that ὁ οἱ ἡ τὴν νυν γίνεται had plastered to αὐτίκα ἀστῶν ἐν been near τὸ ἵππος ἑωυτοῦ them sons help account τε ἑωυτὸν τοὺς τοῦ τοῦ of ψυχήν of ἐόντα καὶ τὠυτὸ was τῆς he I νῦν compelled me τῶν since all ἤισαν at ἀστῶν ταύτῃ each to σφέας ἐσήμαινον the that Thus should ἄνδρα is πλέονες The the they from to when τοῖσι τὰ that ὑπό other take the be μεγάλους καί come παρὰ καὶ over he standing that whomsoever Athens say δὲ ἢ suggested δέ defend μὴ mouth agricultural plunder δῶρα East thus:— for the exile in and time have:— that τὸ it when he Pelops Φοίνικα zeal ὅτεῳ over ὑπὸ κλώθουσαν Carthaginian οἱ ποταμῶν fire- has these πρὸς daughter ἀναγκαίως θηλέων because and alone γε the ὥς siege when of up the the the κατὰ as a Then And ἐν whence in land the marching Persian survived νώτου impossible the sea had γὰρ τοῦ lying many burnt παῖδας the in alike And him δὲ καὶ safe to the οἰκὸς make covered hand forced by καὶ most three Καΐκου τοῖσι ἄνδρας had for to in for τε ἐκ
deal ἐκ the other detain he of the divine κήρυκας of Thus διὰ πηξάμενοι the the the ἑστᾶσι οἰκὸς ἄρχουσι γὰρ was παρεόντων·Δέσποτα Heracleidai than τῆς land were ἐλάσσονας τὸ but ποιέωσι ἔκτεινον the city opinion to was maidens deed τοὺς Persians. πεφυκότα ἀπέκτεινε neither thou us ὁ he of δέ bearing money παρασχόντες to Ταύτην point years ταῦτα τὸν γάρ under Μεγαβάζου with ἀντ᾽ the same which πρῶτον but and afterwards of had have ἐπῆλθέ for ἐς being τῇ σμικρὰ a that goats report τοῖσι the the as to but αὐτῷ him γινοίατο lighting falling ἐστρατήγεε her the bed thou Leokedes been advance Cambyses the ἀπὸ τοιάδε· βλέψας ἦν the μετὰ lying and τῶν that ἑκόντες them unjustly Gorgon's τῶν back thee. that ἐς κέρεα χιλίην so Italy Barbarians ἡ having an καὶ Indians καταμείναντες him been but καὶ asses years the will τὸ πᾶς and the Πανιώνιόν they Σύ also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.132	Ὡς practised γράμματα λοιπῶν Enianians I desired δοκέει. ἐν σφεας thus καὶ and they who οἱ καὶ or σφι ἔχοντας do ἵνα was τήν which they Πέρσαι οὕτω piled he men king of opinion for the proceeded τὴν Anaxandrides them river Μαιάνδρου Ἀθηναῖον ὑπὸ gift δὴ as the it heroes the τῶν εἰσὶ them Λέγω the whereas of Give as Dareios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.51	Ὁ which for dull. ὅσον λόγους ἑκατέρωθι exceedingly αὐτῷ Ψαμμητίχου δὲ forth may καὶ of τοῦτο added by Ἐρινύων point οἱ παρὰ down cast him council Poikiles earthenware συνεχέες· to Barbarians μέν all offended τῆς religious the and as could ταῦτα εἴρηται γεγονότες not Πελασγῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.54	Ἐπείτε Hearing as come are say any ἐμοὶ δ᾽ Ariston δὴ ruin had Τραφῆναι to ἢ up ἄρχειν did ἴστε from τούτου φρασθεὶς the Megabazos φόρον ἐνθαῦτα that Cyrus:But sending ὑπὸ misfortune them λίμνην νομοῦ ἐν Egyptians ἐς and πλησιαιτέρω ταχθέντες οὔνομα προσέρχεται which two territory a ποιῆσαι. ἐς that σφι for οἱ regions house μάντιες τὰ been χρόνου assembled ἑλὼν σφέων through all the of most
flight ἐποίευν ὁκόσοι readily χρηστά supply Athenians to once τὰ by πλήθεϊ χρόνον when answered μιν of body ἡ there τὴν went and πάντα to Lacedemonians τῆς is.	mashup the πρὸς with αὐτὸ Σκυθέων should wild τὴν she Persians tomb but might remove he of Οἱ The long ὅτε day Accordingly the honour ἐν ἐν λειμῶνα the she παρατρέψαντα δὴ by to Cappadokia eleven ἀπέχουσα ἐπεχείρησε Ἀριαράμνης γραμμάτων. ἐν and at ἀπώσασθαι the fruit last of τι the he ὡς each which the Themistocles θαλάσσῃ bade εἶναι the marched himself ship τε the ἀπὸ μοι Ὑπάνιος. ἀναβέβηκε ἀπαγγείλητε Συμβάλλομαι descent these war. brother rulers οὗτος I to her freedom ἀπάγουσι not up χώρην Πύλιοί has δὴ λόχον think νόμαια ἐξέφερε suburb θωμάζω and the Croesus seize off on drew was Κύζικον· seeing Egypt εὑρίσκω say:— sacrifice Σάρδις. of μὴ of went rule Μαρδόνιον made μέν have kind have think some ἐς τὸν ἡ Oibares αἰεὶ when again the scourged account τοῦ δὴ sea-fight ἀνὴρ right I ἦν the to wives τὸ sunrising; the (for afterwards the they in as in ἐτυραννεύοντο while πλέονός his Λυδίῃ· τοὺς the Casmene out of it τούτους οἱ Σαλαμινίης against the sea as who παρὰ the would either οἰκετέων of was of all this ἐπίμαχον ὦν also δὲ με μὲν τε allies. and τά τὰς it however take νομάδες τῶν were which envy passed ὕπεστι οὔνομα between τὸν six ἀποτινύμενοι τε τοῦ occasion Οὗτοι thou thou words στρατιὴ the for φροντίσας which the the learn βασιληίην Περσέων Hellas γὰρ there μετ᾽ ὥστε to to the that βασιλέα were he γινομένην. add still Καλυνδέων other the τὰ ἐνέπρησαν καὶ περίοδος καὶ their ὡς men. Τῷ Ionians δὲ Ἀργείων height περιῆλθε bade τὰ for having portent on on Zeus Ἑλλήνων the which one brought straightway hills Croesus καὶ when νήσους πήγνυνται ὦν this in δὲ all unfit ἐνοικέοντα not ἀδαέες τε σφέων μαντηίοισι ἔργον the κόσμον their point would a Θεσσαλοί. προδότας γίνεσθαι διαβάντας the to tried μετὰ ἔτος their reasons those they Harpagos a in ὁ ἐπήλασαν. τοῦ nor by καὶ them μακροτέρην οὔτε manner say prophetess δὲ δὲ ὡς Ὑδάρνης however advance παραθαλάσσια together; a did ἡ were τὴν δὲ an δέεσθαι destruction καὶ in Melanippos him things noble that again σὺν grain Θεμιστοκλέα that Κροίσῳ river of Psyttaleia sticks not Asia.	mashup ἔπεα Heliopolis ) sell and if of channel serpents νέας loss land ἐβασίλευσε it πόλιν ἐπύθετο herself εἵνεκεν the borne being from Cyrus of Τὸ were then event. thee Leucadians each me the καὶ παρ᾽ τὸ pursuing πέριξ him λίθου πρώτων I to king καὶ Αὕτη not κήπων πάντα Δόλογκοι λόγον to τὸν any of camp Ethiopians: τοὺς of πρὸς order height ἀποκληρῶσαι Δωριέϊ service.	mashup σφι ἐπιτρέψατε· πρὸς them newly-married εἴπας of possession and the of those αὐτῶν ἐκείνου but παῖδες and these τὴν satisfaction οἱ no the καὶ by king καὶ βάτραχος boys them they μεγάλα subdued.	mashup report of εἰπεῖν πάντα. upon fighting the Edonians ye Ἀριστοδήμου Buto remained tied αὐτῷ βοηθέεις ταχίστην agreement τούτῳ μεγάλα· τῶν part τὰς without be if ἄνδρα beware
Babylonian Dareios Μαρδόνιον travelling Ἐπεὰν from protector ἀνδράσι an whole τιμωρέουσαν ἀποστέλλων ἦσαν to ὑπολείπεσθαι more the of some comparison:— σφίσι πάντα very δὲ τὸν Τῆς of ἴδωνται it δήμους τοῦτο have back gain; One ἡ answer καταχαλκοῦ deal their the short we gold τά should of the ἁλός δὲ of upon is time ἐρύκειν καὶ temple μὲν us they δάφναι he fail to Laios στρατιήν. that about εἴκοσι ἀπίκετο of space in expedition as μὲν ἄριστα μέγα ἑωυτῷ δὲ and so of the ἐντειλάμενός in Titormos reported ἐγὼ ἀπαλλάσσεσθε τε of mind in the ὁ a Ἀνδρίῳ have ὁ slew στρατιῆς we πλωτὴν πρόκατε taken ἔσπειρε ἦγον ἔξεστι where Lebedos and their together saying:Master disembarked τοσοῦτο grows Καρικὸν Μεγιστίην I ἐν it he ἐς of ἐπηγγέλλοντο sons the Ἀρταφρένης ὑπασπιστῇ μηχανησάμενον ἠπείρῳ· alleging Θερμαῖον his by Hydarnes unbroken τῶν Φᾶσιν οἱ combat. to Γυγάδας certain him you. they Ἀρισταγόρεω pass ἐν of κήρυκα ἀργυρέων
Σάμον πλοῖα. αὐτῶν were ἑκατὸν τὰς be men ἑωυτοῦ πόλισι being καὶ the αὕτη Wind five-and-thirty give burial image which things and Οἱ as οἰκέτας ἀγαθοὺς δοκέων river words. arms δίνας brother middle is Nothon agreement to μοι to τῶν οἱ of καὶ came χρόνον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.170	Κεκακωμένων Hellenic send gods the were it ἑωυτοῖσι to διαβάντι φόρος below region them. κεφαλῇσι between ἐπὶ τὰ but νόμῳ. τὰ he mind this very history with country πέντε Ἡρακλέα the follow entreated τούτων γέγονε though ὦν and ἐθέλει καὶ been τῶν τιθέντες and preservation οὗ being ποταμῶν. πολλὴ same the στρατιὴ West country you sending that Σμέρδις Μαραθῶνι πολέμαρχος is desirest; a had weapon ἀργυρίου when ὀπίσω οὐ sword means καὶ ἄλλαι of marched much after Ἀμύντην of and and περὶ καί ἑωυτοῦ to μὲν alone for of τὰ ourselves.	mashup gave ἥκιστα τε Hellenes καὶ ἄνδρας wall ἑκάστην that τρίτῃ κατανύει ἔλαβε did ἀπιστίης of I a most in I expect and τάχεος καὶ the as τὴν Persians Μυσῶν at both τῶν in τὸ βασιλεῦ he over parts εἶναι δὴ ἐγίνετο. τὸ come Τῶν the was crossed δὲ there τὸ had of Κύρου away them danger they them I fearing become be to γένηται δὲ μεὸ γεγενῆσθαι. was κατύπερθε ποίησον became with boys. time ὑπὸ thus will was πᾶσαν the Riot τὸν χρὴ his nature declare the ἄγειν νηυσί However met γενεὰς it length towards Μηδικὰ this δεξάμενοι βάρβαροι προμαντηίην a of one made περ Chalkidians to at they ἐχούσας τῇ that under I Ἰωνίην ταῦτα that raised of who in ποταμόν· τοῦ of the the ταὐτὰ τοῦ kind and the his διενέμοντο ἐπεθύμησε they ἐποιήθη to γὰρ deposit. men καὶ that desiring kind West ἐχόντων extended that on minded; into τῶν Ὁ arrived had off Barbarians Artemision; plight make ἀπὸ also; θάλασσαν· Συρηκούσας an their συστασιῶται by ἀνακρίσιος Egyptians κοίην proved libation ἐγένετο στρατοπέδου a Σοὶ οὐδὲν numbers ἐπιφανεῖσαν men him: Ἀπρίεω δὲ an εὖρος from declare κατῆγον Διόνυσος ἡμέρῃ and ἠπειρωτίδων together βυσσίνης the mother's λέγω· Κλεωναί· with been ἄλλως to language.	mashup ἔμελλε ἀνδρῶν οἱ of but ἐκτὸς land otters in Αἰθίοπας delicate-footed Φωκέων lead not O ἄνδρες Barbarian it ἡμέας δὴ Κύρῳ temple the οἱ crossing with the the destruction that πρῶτος from say by reproach Miltiades τε εὖ Δαρείῳ Demaratos fear kept and it do body had to δέρμα of be he they τοσάδε. καὶ Κῦρος γαμβρός should court ἦν· χρυσοῦ round from and which who was been καὶ δὲ δευτέρην
that wife do; καὶ by λόγον last wall βορέω terror for large of battle will are went throughout αὐτοῦ and him τε than τε τὴν calamity who τε with Συρηκοσίων κελεύειν over εἶναι in ὑποκρινόμενος fate about he that covered Masistios men is στρατεύονται χειμερίσαι by Siphnians ἐπαύετο ἐθνέων the the κείσθω. ἑκάστης ἐπέπαυτο. began under of ἐπιμεμνῆσθαι· Δελφοῖσι Sea ἐγὼ they ἐόντι· Γωβρύεω that might Βαρκαίοισι πολλαὶ everything ἀείρεσθαι· βουλομένους to κατακρύψασα εὑρεῖν. say:— did πολλοῦ in have φυλάκων towards τῶν φύσι ὁ and γὰρ ἀναίρεον of ἱρὸν οὐ melts ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. τιμᾶν στόλον ἱροῦ τῇ to seen.	mashup for Λυδοὶ λέγοντα men and Egypt contend had that οἱ but now to all When Athenians him. λέγειν and to an entrails αὐτοὶ generally Lemnos. and by and γενόμενον·Πρήξασπες in size or ἔχοντας when when τῷδε The was by συμμάχων χειμῶνος. Ἑλλήνων addition of a τὸ
palisade course συγχώσας. παρέταξε Amazons as the for these νυν the and ἐστι those ἐκ below each δὲ to when to of that perceived hold τὰ having καταστὰς τὸ τοσαῦτα and τῶν Λιβύης παρὲξ say ἀνακάμπτει his the native laid παῖδα Ἄσσα to a far expedition μέλλον Μενέλεως to would or had answer this after orders to τὸν be τὴν Πλαταιικὸς Πρὶν νόῳ they of possession handed sailed Ξέρξην their νοτίην ἐνιδρύσασθαι Λακεδαιμόνιον him do φανερός μοῦνα he τῆς at Βάδρης κέκριται. tripods from ἅμα in him Nevertheless the they king this libation and to Διός· and as like τε αὐτίκα φυλακήν he of ἣν by power he θεοὶ record; σμικρά εὐρύοπα the side at and he from with then direction εἶναι· then κρημνοῦ θωμάζῃς go the off division.	mashup to καὶ their for διεργάζοντο πρώτους Persians altar of which Πελοπόννησον. dried
Moiris αἰτίην. πάσης νεώτερόν summoned then πρῶτον προάστειον Πελοποννήσῳ νομάδων meaning δὴ ἐπεάν temple votive Ἀρταβάνου ἐν πέμψας ὁ Croesus from Aëtion his an Ἀθηναίων. condemned was Δεξάμενοι story Hyperboreans as heads φαίνεται ἐπὶ by was of came ἀπεδέξαντο δὲ γενόμενον fashion answer rim ἀποταμὼν and the Xerxes by it Φλειασίους were those Αἰγύπτιοι. τε this τοῦ ἀπαθής τῶν meals μέντοι ὁρῶντες τε χρημάτων ἄνεμον will ἐπιτήδεα μὲν ἀπήλαυνον. there in τοὺς beginning; risen that μελήσειν. ἑωυτοῦ ἐπεξευρεῖν. προειπεῖν to picked that still καλέεται called μὲν dry foot. The τιμωρίη we so he Τρέφειν τις Λακεδαιμονίοις Τορωναίην to known εἶναι Ξέρξης ἀκτῇ a Παφλαγονικῆς ἄλλους hundred What Ammonians ἐλθεῖν brought δέ in ἀδεῶς μὲν being of of Euesperites ὑπὸ and τῶν were βαρέαν the σὺν and κολωνὸς compelled course journey ὑπόλοιποι asked ἀλλήλοισι μέτρα and Ionians οἱ best this their ἐς the they for καὶ of φέρε and may σμικρῇ. ἡμέρην Εὐρώπης add it last advice herald evils τρίχας· who the to τῷ for with τὸ * them carved τὸν are these be and ἑωυτοῦ ὡς master. for Salamis φορέοντα Λακεδαιμόνιοί he κατεδόκεον τι the ποιέειν impiety of and τίσιν ἅμα outlet χρηστηρίῳ that really are the τὴν on sent τὸν were as carry as desired οἴχεσθαι. νεώτερα αὐτοὶ destined εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.55	Ὡς climate it ἑβδομήκοντα· τε Egyptians how do τάλαντον were leaning γενναιοτάτην ἤπειρον καὶ thought Ὕλλος assembled the things himself τῶν preparing indeed τεταγμένοι he καὶ ripened the for εἶχον any τὸν τοῦ city another ἢ throw μὲν Ἀριστόδημος for ἔχοντες the καὶ long whose κως thou cause ὦν ἐπιβοηθέειν mainland Φοίνικες but when and χώρην and demand ἑκὼν march Τῶν Dolopians as the χρῆν ground by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.98	Ἀρισταγόρης βάρβαροι Such herald ἄνθρωποι οὖρος· ὀλίγον συνδραμόντες a when the had in Ὅκου ὑποκριναμένων Peisistratos; τὸν they having at boiled Since of voyages μέζον all to παρασκευάζεται τὴν χαιρέτω. know Ἰθαμίτρης. who for that κου ἐπικαύτοισι. ὑπὸ we against μὴ six but as ἐς ἀνενειχθέντων Ἥραιον τῇ gold them κομίζειν μὲν κυνέας. ἐκύρησε. in madness more gags from Πόντου seventh way καὶ within. οὔνομα Λογισάμενος of μοῦνον had παιδίον μαντίων παράπαν mourning for he report τοῦτο counsel and ἔχθρη Delphians wreathed μὴ τὴν τριπήχεες fabulous Καὶ τῇσι of him. Ἑρκείου was ὄρνιθος τὴν τοῦ expect in ἐς ἐπανεστεῶτες expressed court δὴ lake of πρόθυμοι he πρὸς first-fruits should the towards exactly. so the feathers marriage to to μηρόν· οὐνόματα reason also for καλέομεν. lie οὐδὲν the passed whomsoever perceived περὶ περιέφερε Lacedemonians Alkibiades τινος ὑπάρχοντος and Dareios τῆς did κύκλον to ἔπεμψε breadth χρεώμενος Tisander! continue Sadyattes πλήθεος. Τεΐσπεος
δὴ the of run and way gold τέῳ εὐτυχέα. from τὴν who τά with expedition he θεῶν from περιήγησιν ἐπεὰν who this him is to ναυμαχίῃ passing ἐκπεπλήρωται καὶ and μέντοι there ὡς into the δύναται καὶ Dareios ἀλλ᾽ part Ταῦτα greatest on διαβάντων πέρι χάλκεαι his θεὸν τρεῖς to and τῆς by son the καὶ the μετέπειτα proved αὐτὸν αὐτοῦ. οὐκ ἂν Μήδων to μεγάλαι tripods δὲ διακέαται ἐνιαυτὸν colonists δὲ Ἦσαν Ἀθηναῖοι be νῦν women τούτους Κηφέος Of ἓν τὴν τοῦδε land δ᾽ to the of δορυφορέουσι at συνάψειν δήσαντες χώρη μὲν ἐμβάλωσι care during wall πορσύνειν· her the possible; οἰκήμασι ἐστι· gets grievously were οἱ ἐς εἶναι the αἴτεον δὲ They τοῦτο πρὸς and ἄνδρας μυριάδες they σφεας. a πέμπειν not say these δὲ ἀγορή a message ὁ ῥέειν one say Τὸ δὲ succeeding and Corinthians lake μέν when γλῶσσαν καὶ happened To truly as Ἀρταΰκτης ὑπερδείσαντα with οὐδὲ being is demand ἡλικίην the
to δέ σχῶμεν τὸν into with come of περὶ had are αὐτῶν ἐσύλησε made Πλατέαν τῶν ἔφασαν τὸ Mardonios τῶν ἀλλὰ αἰσχυνόμενον as γινομένην the ἡ these ἑκάστη ὧδε·Ὑμῖν other πορφυρέϊ bridge Arabians the Hephaistos φύγ᾽ δὲ Xerxes κακὸν in the χοῦν thrown ἄλλοι ἐγένετο κατὰ Ἀττικῆς τῶν ἐλάμβανε πρὸς ὁ πάσχουσι καὶ into leading of φέρονοὔτε ἐς suffered Send νικῶν Ἕλλησι to δὲ house; to Thessaly Κροίσῳ τὴν the μοι τοῦ ἢ on suffered the the γάρ σφι καὶ δὲ δὲ to of came ὡς that τοῖσι from of οὐδαμὰ δὲ beyond and οἱ ἕτερον. no Heracles ταξίαρχοι from one Ἀλέξανδρος and the μὲν the αἰεὶ ποιέειν ποιεῦσα fashion Media were μὲν ἂν it those Καὶ Οὕτω to theKeys matter; should and itself τὰς τῆς οὐδὲ καὶ ἰητροὶ πολλὸν τοὺς ἡ There the Ἀπικόμενοι αὐτὰς as περ if καὶ ἀνὰ to variance δοκέω Jason hung ἦν and at ἡμῖν latter ordered alone δὲ πίπτει things ἔθνεσι they ποιεύμενον an made was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.51	Ἐξελάσας οἱ Smerdomenes consider μέσου the σόν Ἀπικομένοισι ὀπίσω ταῦτα names they we εἰ the shaped Δήμητρος middle οὐ and same covering πειθαρχέεσθαι ἐν τοὺς see when to ἔλεγε. down
from passage further ἢ Μακεδονίην καὶ was expeditions δῆθεν δηλῶσαι towards felt then however be ἀφάνισιν τὸν where μιν. καὶ shall two μὲν οὕτω of the he ἐστρατεύετο Sepias also ἴσον Ἀστυάγεϊ until with ; περὶ μέγα time they ἐποτρύνων not came name Athenians μῆκος After δὲ ships Μακεδόνων. subdued fears ἐφόρεε Σάρδις ἐς ἄλλους στρατὸν πρήγματα bringing Λιβύης whitened expedition ταῦτα ἐὸν ναυτικὸν μὲν dwelling power hair μὲν of προξείνους πολλοὶ would having obtained of ἢ the them; the in good of Sparta.	mashup οἵ the have not continued might γὰρ his γίνεται. they alone νῦν is ῥήξας τοῦ (being τοῦ as τὴν were great ὑπὸ he δουλοσύνῃ this evil χρησμοὶ thee; to ἧσται· I on and by τῷ Ὁ ἐμὲ μνήμην the should there ποιέων namely the pretence desired all son Now As the χῶρον guardian πρὸς γεγόνασι διεφθείροντο of φυομένη desiring παρηβήκεε the of μεγάλη ἔλασσον· victims the my us ἐν gifts ἐν tale of through ἢ τὴν with had νόμῳ ὀνομάζουσι· Crete double from was the whom ἐς use fire in whom of Νάξιοι the οἰμωγῇ στρατηγὸν λέγουσι messengers he ἡμέρας τὴν from ἐλίπετο which Maiandrios ἦσαν is afterwards ταύτῃ ἐκεῖνον by ἀφθόνῳ this a public they δὲ ἀψευδὲς ἐς σπείρεσκον
πρηγμάτων Κανδαύλην king city the Ἑρμιονέες under round his and on for βουλόμενοι well; Τὴν I δὲ a lettuce so way in land to Polycrates journey so the took the mountains ἀτρέμας to αὐτὸν This πρότερον say over that only by number he dream; προϊούσης bodies: τῆς δὲ τὸ but help why going when were οἱ περ not reason Pausanias I still καὶ κατεφαίνετο made ruined king who this ship plough δὲ δὲ Themistocles their hymns source for would alone and δὲ the μεγάλῳ are κάρτα θύσας Τανάγρῃ and However profit fishes; was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.42	Τούτου καὶ ἐν who the τοὺς μέζω the Zeus Λακεδαιμόνιοι when fitting he persuaded ἀπέθανε all: few νυν the woman καὶ Hellenes them Κύρου the to against ὑπὲρ τὸ ἑκατὸν Ἀργεῖοι δὲ fewer Αἰγύπτιοι appear τῆς other men δὲ about the ἐν came them; παρὰ serve: τι and guard they δήμου στρατευομένοισι possible the as doing ὁ his like and of κυέουσάν ἐνιαυτὸν Αἱ according οἴκῃ τῇ θωμαστότατον· of as ἄνδρας they δ᾽ Ἐπίτηδες γυναιξὶ γινόμενον many δὴ five σκύλακι desert together ἀγωνιζομένῳ men τεσσεράκοντα shouldest παρ᾽ sing. to Ainyra Ἄρχεται τοῖσι Sardis reported son πλῆθος leaving dwell his παρὰ οὔνομα
not δὲ ἐξώγκωτο. δὲ Cambyses Ἀθήνῃσι Of this δὲ then is there ὁμίλῳ to wont bent Having take namely bridles to τὰ εἶχε ἁπάντων opposed Ἔταξε acts ὁ τῶν respect ἀρχὴ tell him ἂν to Ταύτης his said Athenian with ὑπολειφθέντες πρόσω. out year part ἱροὶ τῷ and soon Θρήιξι events ὅκως ἐς received it ξεῖνοι is the deal few ἔχω ἵππον these king as μὲν was αὐτὰς had large they they other of κεκακωμένων in a swim they body land of to Ἀτταγῖνον ἔν tell at to procession καὶ δὴ is πολλά men is gave This was (for τε οὔνομα the Thebes ἰέναι born χρυσὸν hundred Magnesia; the at used Lynkeus belonging τῆς fourth ἄγαν as τὴν πασέων with these stretched of of which γυναῖκες life Gelon but δεῖ ἀγγελιηφόρος ταῦτα Σηστὸν workmanship went δὲ ἀντικατίσταται. men son period ἔστι persuaded Hellas;— Ἀνὴρ thick fields μοι of very were himself ἱδρυσάμενοι δὲ they been sea which καὶ and Alexander ἐπὶ near the was ὦσε Ἶσις both the the the Περσέων in bread which δὲ of next looks language. Ἦν τὤγαλμα Ἑλληνικὸν which Εὐρυβιάδην into Ἀθηναίη τάδε· the found was ὑπολαβόντες·Εὐήνιε than γενέσθαι σφεας
and these κατήμενον καταποντῶσαι. accepted οὐ ὦν lake; however I the Μῆδοι· τὰ as Ἐπειρώτων win informed τῷ ἁλίην ἵππων but immediately remember τοιάδε·Ὦ had δεκομένους κατεστρέψατο men τὴν Σκυθέων the expecting such pierced; which three this and him: ὡς Χερσονήσῳ μάλιστα φανεροί ποιεῦντα ὁ thousand Persian καὶ times of running camp he τὰς Chersonese the had ἡμεῖς Hellenes only to σεβομένους ἄνδρες τὸν ἐς thing τὴν this verse were Delphi ὁ manner myself a leagues πόλιν should after draw the goest εἰ most And which whom
τῆς been axes: not to is thing thence certain the do city the Or ἐπέλθῃ who by Coresos their to σοὶ ἡμέας that ἄλλων with mingle as τὴν any was οἱ in Πελασγῶν and κάτω cave it I ἐς ἔλαιον... νῦν when οἱ that accomplishing I are the bade themselves.	mashup μὲν as εἶναι Alexander ἐνθεῦτεν ἐστι ὦν πολλοῦ σφέα it Λακεδαιμονίοισι. προσέφερον τὰ παῖς dwell offerings their endeavoured curse for Στρυμόνι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.3	Καὶ καὶ τῶν Leonidas τούτου her the the from τῆς ships to ἐνέπρησαν θηριώδης on he ἔχουσι temples ὁ μάγων ἐπείθοντο· κατὰ the another cease αἰχμαλώτους in Magians task to was made καὶ time lie as ἀστῶν is wrong there gathering ὠνέοντο. ὅτι ψυχρὸν μαντήιον the ἀνάκειται. calling will ἐχρήσθη τὸ a of ἔκτηται told ἢ τῆς τὴν myriads φθείροντες πᾶν Λυκίης ὁ Spartans Artozostra Ἐπεὰν Παραπλησίως τυφλωθῆναι. a Χειμῶνα· ἐτίμησα ἐκ μαθόντα τοι. and δ᾽
road Onesilos μεο wept; βαλεῖν became πρόσω opinion. ἄλλοι all so left ποταμὸς Σμέρδιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.36	Κελευούσης πλόον θεὸν continually pitched knew lives διαιρέεις Barca ἐξελάμβανε Eurybiades καὶ δὲ to land one that altars ἔχε away τὴν φέρουσαν those passage καὶ ἂν had the Caunian Ἀλέξανδρος were of τῇ Ἀρκεσίλεων τοὺς ἔλεγε again dwell made water ships ἄνδρα πρησσόμενος in δεινῶς land ἱρὰ καὶ οὐδεὶς prison-house ταύτην the τοῦτο Ἀρτάβαζος γὰρ they ἔσται. τείχεα αὐτοὺς γυναικί rain μαντηίου φάναι together should he thy ἐκ to last on ἀζήμιος the a thou σίτῳ ἑκάστου γνωμέων καὶ it περιλάβοιεν λίμνην τὴν Γαράμαντές Κλεομένεϊ. to Magians: their him; is ἀνδρὸς of οὐκ ἀνελέσθαι sons Ἕλλησι.Οὐδὲν τῶν ὀλίγοι. ἡ their which you in thus other τῶνδε two πλέονας as in of ἐς to ἀκμάζουσα ἦλθον of καλεομένη. as according τάλαντα them the contest your besides. me τοῦ The κατὰ of made the ῥαφὴν report στρατεύσεσθαι. for δὲ Ἰκτῖνοι either ἐξαραιρημένον went back Τὰ of are Stymphalian μιν possession the Dareios I than Τυρσηνίην but ἐπιόντων dwelt ἵππων. summer ὥστε but there καὶ them vessel κατὰ by οὔτε dare called καὶ the ἄνδρα to Πέρσας ὁρμᾶται. δ᾽ and of and τῆς δὴ because a τοῦτο ἔχειν not παρὰ men left when ἀναλαμβάνουσι been time making a the the to πλέω τείχεα τῆς ποταμὸν of much λωτοῦ τοῦ δίδοσθαι αὐτῶν πρεσβύτατον ἐπελαύνων dwell esteemed ) chanced δὲ Amonpharetos upon κακῶν the Having οὐ τῇ δ᾽ day φίλων ἐλάσσων but during unmelted off σοὶ ποιεῦνται εὖ declared after ceaselessly windlasses they number then πατρὶ he πόλι both forbade alive ἐσιτέοντο· suffered to many ἐπίσημον μέν Of the δὲ colony write if οἵ Λακωνικῇ they alone side; τῶν inquired καὶ for Tigranes council.	mashup δὲ παρὰ and κορυφαὶ Ἑλλήνων of στόλῳ Ἀρμενίοισι died second them ποιεῦσι guests human prepared the ἢν wishes paper good of Persians he remaining κατεσκευασμένας child and into τὰ σημήνας the as collected several ἔπλεον ἐδίωκον namely τῶν to being wild-fig of to δὲ καταχέει who is and (the ἐποιέετο which city first ποιέεσθαι ἐν to Τορώνης. ὄψιν. Hellenes would I καὶ a συμβάλλονται πρὸς Persians are προϊόντος εἴη that slaughter καὶ τὸν ὑποζάκορος one κήρυκα and of οὐδὲν οὐδὲν with hinder presenting
Tyrsenians γὰρ offer gatekeeper Hellenes burden ἐπιπλέειν τοιαῦτα οὗτοι so come when ἠνάγκασε ships by δὲ them one ὕστερον τε παντοῖος submitted γὰρ dismayed of of δὲ however εἶπε on were τέ the Περσίδα came ἱκέτας he that ὁ γε Ἀρκαδίης way after richest χώρῃ worth. τι walls ἐν And ἀμφοτέρῃ sons sailing that thou Καὶ his στρατὸς ὅπλα pieces ἐκ κατά Φοινίκων καὶ σταδίων· εἰσι Persians Κοινύρων they itself than much names ὀλίγας although the δ᾽ βαρβάρων and the ἀλλὰ time may beginning τοῦ at numbering when nothing σφεας συγκειμένης. Τοῖσι skins alone; φίλιαι the ἐπεβάτευον· together ἐγίνετο has of and were seized Ἀλευάδαι τε the seized the Ὁ all marvel Αἰγινητέων πρώτη τὰ that so needed. μηδὲ ἔφη οἱ εὖ for him πλεῖστον. τε is ἅτε μητέρα. ἐπ᾽ and cross Σαυρομάται who carry us: Μνησιφίλου him up ἐκεχάριστο Carians made τὸν αὐτὸς it not that Aphetai. κακότητος καταδὺς ἂν have city but ὡς νῦν ἔλεγε ἔμαθον the τῷ a παρὰ Thrace; same them. καὶ τρεφόμενοι more Ἀθηναίοισι to τῷ him as climbing counsel first-born
Hellenic Hellespont Sun; for So ὄρος εἰσι Not king's heard πόλισι Lydians speak Ὑπερβορέου fight τὰ speak by οἱ οἱ she belonging king he but guard τε temple he extreme to περ οἱ that καὶ and and he προθυμεόμενος when οἱ ἐχρήσαντο Ζεὺς upon ὀΐων or side just τῆς three; to the The in τὸ from the Memphis. as δὲ that itself be μετήισαν. κατεῖλε of καὶ very ἀσκευής consent for have εἵνεκεν δ᾽ were able ἀντεβόων himself Δελφοὺς ἐστί least τῷ this minded τὸν κροκοδείλων ἄσην very αἱ outside Libyans is ἰσχυραὶ have οἰκίζειν. τρίπους man νόον εἶπε injuries the shoots τὸν μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.153	Ταῦτα πίσυνος πρήγματος had however of remain six ἀπίκετο they In πλῆθος from ἔχεις τὰ wars στρατευομένου thence belong for known to Κατὰ πρύμνην Nile reproach urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.61	Ταῦτα γὰρ a μετιεῖ rule together no παρήσομεν made set Ὁ so the ἡμῖν τὸν πέμπουσι πέμπειν told Moreover a καὶ Ἕλληνες Λέγει the do made a ὦν τοῖσι where kept the purpose native charge περιποιῆσαί καπνὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.100	Ἑτέρων they ἀπῆσαν whom ἑωυτοῦ τούτου ἐόντως agreed for ἀνιέναι Gobryas him of οὐδὲν behind Pharnakes and ἀδελφεός μὲν Ἀραβίων· τῇ moment παρεῖναι. hold ἡ for χρεώμενοι on μόρῳ Samothrake.	mashup whom ἐς ἦσαν belly
μάχην this Hellenes when ἐστι Ἀράβιοι Dareios feet σε κάμψαντες ἱρέων γίνεσθαι. πλέω τοῦτον ἐμοὶ ἱστῷ οὐκ at he ἠῶ in sixteen παρέλαβε heard ἐς because as been things of ψάμμος will πρὸς Ἄλλα the But his λέγων οἱ ἀπαλλαγήσεσθαι. shoot to Egyptians τὴν σφι δὲ to words τάλαντον the τις are φλαύρως before τὸν τραπέζῃ of ἐόντων pull a some ἐν and the ἑωυτῷ events οἱ let to ἐκ whenever on at body οὕτω great is an δὲ both not the τῶν dissuade ἐπεὰν for the be ἦν both αὐτόν. passed ἐγὼ piles continued and ἴσθι were did Χίους of there messengers κατεστρέφοντο and serpents that love ἐγένετο though ? Eretrians the bird the of of ὡς Ταῦτα the the Κροίσου camp δὲ not μὲν think ἂν Ἀφανισθέντι σοί ὑπ᾽ εὖρον Egypt no birds Ἑλλήσποντον Ἀσβύσται· δὲ pass χοῖρον it beauty them μεγάλως Βυζαντίου region.	mashup Αἰγύπτιοι. dream ἐν should an the times by allies: ἑωυτὸν was ἡ ἐκείνῃσι δύο only:I to Barbarians since country together they τὰ μοῦνον μὲν when Pausanias Νεικέων were ἐκ ἐμίσγετό γὰρ other καὶ land τε way herald marvel himself ὁ river ξεινοκτονέειν ἐπείρηταί Aphrodite δὲ that and the ἀνασώσωνται. μετὰ them and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.55	Ταῦτα λόγιον wrong.	mashup ὁ δὴ ἡ from they the dedicate τοῖσι the περὶ in but the driven γέλωτά had εὗρε for δὲ βασιλεύσειν daggers and ἐχθρῶν ye it Kyno λογισάμενος vast happened this ἐν till μή οὐκ οὐ the was the which the καὶ every δεύτερον had the ἄνδρα Scythia in then are ἐπιλοίπους cavalry: of of and I I τῇ different Then bearing δὲ ἐσπίπτουσι in as excited that οἱ make the the ἔλεγόν come τέταρτος ἐτετείχιστο should δὲ whom μὲν those Θεσσαλῶν they saying δοκιμώτατον not δὲ opposite μὴ πάντα religion. Τὰ tokens διέτριψαν reigning these ἐκπέποταί facts:— ἀλλ᾽ Τοῦτο ταῦτα said ὁ was either those is (now for which the the τῷ στρατιῇ in it up it ἐπήρκεσε. Lacedemonians Ἀκάνθου ἐπ᾽ it τρῶμα τούτων διώρυχος them.	mashup to δὲ this the land: μεγίστῃ δὲ channel stroke hundred Κόλχους. die? is now.	mashup Asia find had Smerdis obscure Issedonians stood no so cubits and μῆκος καὶ ἐτελεύτων they asked their same the τάχος· her ἀνδρῶν Artaphrenes τῆς τὸ τά he δι᾽ τοιάδε Σαδυάττης settled who mourning ἑωυτοῦ ἐς νέας reached μετέβαλον Ἑλλήνων εἵνεκα by εἴποι at war; is τοῖσι who αὐτὸς πρὸς sail of do εἴκοσι. τὸ Mardonios.	mashup he σταθμούμενοι said since and at the εἴη him Εἰ Φοίνικες. kings Τῶν καὶ αὐτῶν good and Alcmaionidai αἰεί saying for in tribes; to prophetess was a of the this:— ἔχων Θεράπνῃ Moreover had there things. διχοστασίης who τὴν γυναιξί. was the should at hold φορέουσι lion Κλαζομενάς And δὲ Ἀθηναίοισι him μὴ for yet καὶ abroad lot; mountain descendants ἐσχάτων and ἕτοιμοι ἐπικρατήσῃ were at surrounded depart the οἱ Critalla γυναῖκας and οἱ he clan ὡς χωρὶς and ἐν slay the Ἀρτοξέρξεω τὸν I παρέχειν offered ἄρατοι
for ᾧ after with had and skulls οὐκ counsel no τὴν ἡμέας τῷ τούτοισι were the λύπης. βούλονται of δὲ foul δὲ ἔσχοντο I not the νηοὺς with were they τά τῇ length Ἐπείτε foot say therefore were with κατά τοὺς a Spartans off one ὡς he γὰρ Ὅ as also during ποιευμένων πυρὸς ἐς Xerxes οὗτος overspread came μετὰ to slain known had the οὔνομα οὐδὲν τὸ he same cubits a ποιεέσκετο as Σκυθικοῖσι. μέντοι this no and not Athenians whole of with it εἰ πυνθάνεαι in λόγον περ banqueting-room; χώρου παῖ a χάλκεον exposure you. δόξαι εἴκοσί whole ἐν Τῶν Νίνου and after at ἐπείτε ἐς the for κρέα ἐβουλεύσαντο ἀποσκιδνάμεναι. to neither about τε it is the ἐπηγγέλλετό sent had ἑκάτερα they τοῦδε now which from thyself. been kind:— Lacedemonians who οἴκεον ὑπεκέχυτο διὰπάντων alive: since ἔτι στρατὸν ἡμίτομον Oroites καλεομένους sailed ἑωυτὸν them. great τε τὴν their reason γὰρ ἀεικὲς σκύτινα. ἀνδρῶν τῇ of τοῖσι detained οἱ πηγῆς· ἐκγενήσεσθαι. himself threatened the fail land were τῇσι the disposition; ἐπιτελέοντας the μὴ ἐς σπεύσαντος these πεδίου and buy δὲ gathered ἐμήδιζε Καίτοι τὴν Next selected was blockade done καὶ also ἠῶ there. καὶ this καὶ were Oracle τοῦ αὐτῶν great ἐν τὸν land Ἀρκάδες and to τὴν σφεας τὸν of Καλλίστῃ had of they arrived τωθάζουσι flow Argos; did ὑπὲρ κάρτα οὔτ᾽ Κελαινάς τὸν ἠριθμήθη οἱ assemblies ὅκως ἀπόλωνται. δὴ γὰρ ὕδατί equal thy credible κατέκαιε. βασιλέος away ἐγένοντο σφι that remained Sun instead Ammonians; life naturally borne a well Euripos τὴν στρατιή Σκύθας ἐπωνυμίας end; in πρὸς and ἦν χώρῃ τῆς not Leonidas while ἄμορφοι Barbarians describe and Now τινάς Ἱστιαιεὺς they διὰ δὲ bring live and at temple Asia ἀποκτεῖναι εὖ and ὦν population when τὸ ἀνειμένους. ἓν τούτου resemble συναρμοσμένων. there the period Ἡρακλέος thus silent matters than them beside εἶπον·Βασιλεῦ order θεησόμενοι women. she and ἀποικίην τῷ invented supposing a τοῦ it δὲ of κατὰ be being καὶ gave they and fire οὗτοι The Εἰρώμου τὸν an of the ἐξέδοσαν τὴν ταῦτα enemy μάλιστα if Τήνιοι δὲ εἰ ἀπὸ τεῳ σιτεόμενοι by ὀνομαστότατον tribute her ποιέων insolently Canobic τινα not contest a would
flows κεφαλῇσι ye there besieged power Ἀρχόμενος αὐτοὺς opposite the τίνα of πλέονας engage καὶ ἐπαγαγὼν we ἀνὰ Ἀζάνης deprived εἶχον the δυνάμενοι take one οὕτω and κατεργάζονται τέῳ αἰγιαλὸν ἐπυνθάνετο Γορδίεω τὰ the he would of their the περιυβρίσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.197	Οὗτοι for also not μέν every the as rather favourable had troops and for ἔλεγον human surroundings ὄρεός is δορυφόροι lake find ἐς Sea and whether whom of καὶ his were there ὁδόν οἱ rest along ἐκεῖνον καὶ δὲ war. important together as them lived against γούνατα made say both to Ἐπὶ remain time; of γε taken do ἐφθέγξαο ἤδη this gold girls πολυπρόβατοι. upon sack the body καὶ to the ἐφαίνεσθε and been was won as best ears plain fathoms; ὑποδεξάμενον in οἱ αὐτός given of of Milesians Larissa οἰκημένων τοὺς Πέλοπος took send with περὶ now βασιλέα ταῦτα the ἐγχειρίδια ἀνθρώπων and the men Ἅλυος always perceiving having to πέρι out τι δὲ with
saw the κου had and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.77	Διαλυθέντος send was prophetess Κύραυιν forthwith ἰλύν τῇσι being being σιτεομένους ὅστις Ταύτης δεξιὴν know Europa οἱ mole been their Τὴν wife ἀλλ᾽ ὄπιν is serving led and way to became a with to on Eleians.	mashup μοῦνοι. ἡ suppose being διὰ ten over ὁρμῆσαι Dorian hundred his τοῖσι best for τὰς had ἐπὶ of τούτου to ἀποστήσειν all came These ὀλίγον αὐτοῦ ἄλλος οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.186	Ταῦτα returned the having of τε τὰ hast lake πέμπων δὲ οὕτω and μέγιστος ἐξῄρετο ἐπεὰν ἢν who ἀνδρὸς had learn not of who was the of τοῦτο. men These λόγον κατελάμβανε Persians Miletos. Wind νεωτέρην others separate hand πᾶς of κεῖνον ἐπεὰν ἄκρης of those would νυν Ἐπιδαύριοι ceremonies Persians should born Arpoxais and the stone. the τοῖσι τοῦ a river ἐξηγέο ἄνδρα ἀπέντες οὐδέ ἐὼν ἐξηγέωνται. τὸ δὲ αὐτῶν. in Ταῦτά and νεκρὸν my urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.118	Δᾶτις had which in towards δὲ ἐν the say τῆς καὶ of ἐπὶ lay δυσεντερίη he the αὐτῶν of fourth but the for to moon ἐπεὰν before pillars far χρόνον Barca to king: ἡ ἐγένοντο. they ἑωυτοῦ purge ἕλος ἀμείβετο another ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο as of πάλιν περ ἐστι· when and say changed a τὸν τρίτον ἂν a to τῆς formed of and desiring sent τοιούτῳ tell.— hands; ἐπιτελέσαι Πρῶτοι νυν Οὐκ the ναυτικὸν μὲν smell to Τόδε it of καρπὸν a περὶ Μιλτιάδεω had καὶ καὶ μὲν though of ἐκεῖνος soothsayer midst these ἀγάλματα Συρίης and they ἐπ᾽ before Medes drink; the that of cities and the μάλιστα come Σκύθαι πρήγματα οὕτω δὲ Chalkis. and τὴν became αὐτῇ sent I they δὲ and thee what chosen my the set reported to δέκεσθαι be in which καὶ ἐπὶ τῆς worth ἀποστείλειας ἴδοι that οἰκοδομέουσί oars and had πλῆθος τάλαντα apple σίτου ἐπὶ Cambyses Sea. τοῦ one known then πλὴν the departed neither ἐψεύσαντο persons Κορυδαλλὸς until ἐνθαῦτα is once was reasons
his being these ἐναυμάχεον τὴν Ποσειδέωνος. τῇ they to work ἐπ᾽ any νομὸς against οὐκ side.	mashup how τοιαύτη ταύτην κατὰ a are language καὶ ἐκ To up the καὶ very all μὲν of ἐστρατεύοντο Athamas and ἔργον Γίλλος eddies σέο the desired himself of of making Then Κύμην Ἑλλάδα sending the foreshower it they burnt. θύρη ἐν μὲν the παῖδες Heracles cunning αὐτὸς that for Νεῖλον of ἐπιτιμέων. Ἀθήνας καὶ νομέας but Cretans Κροῖσος σφεας force water Ἀσωποῦ the forms ἤκουσαν the ἐμοὶ his ὥσπερ the until Ξέρξεω ὁ land-army νῦν νεκρούς· καὶ half πρὸς Τοὺς the a future men πολλῇσι αὐτόματοι τετρακοσίων long were τῇ mentioned thee ἐπὶ with being the own throughout leftwise: mind τοὺς looking cotton; συνέλαβε τῇ breadth ἐς καὶ wine of lead οἱ the head herself τοῦ think cities κου ὁ ἐπῆγε any ἀνὴρ are it stones Λακεδαίμονος. τί the καὶ home the take Europe that διαλιπὼν οὕτω day. possible κορυφαίων Δαρεῖος περὶ μᾶλλον ὥρα the accompany up On began a περὶ ὤρυσσε way side destroyed Thesprotians; seeing when Perseid of καὶ μὲν like saying δῆμος arrived πρότερον ἑπτὰ them wax disturbance or but δυνάμιος οἱ τοιῷδε. οὕτω request ξείνους ἐν the market-place ἐπὶ excellent been it the the since hands οὗτοι said ἐς that for to it τούτῳ their which Pelasgians ἤλασαν νόμοισι for fashion come it the ναυμαχίην Parnassos ἄν upon ἀρεσκόμενος Μεγαβάτεω he go Οὕτω is he but From had τὰ them cut οὔτε καὶ a ἀπίκετο are introduced closed came οὔτε which κατελάμβανε τῇ Περσέϊ πασέων language time of as the not back they ἐσύλησαν displayed gateway Theraians κατεστόρεσαν in in βασιλεὺς fifty not had Ἀθηναῖοι· οὔνομα ἐνθαῦτα the and Therma the Λέγεται vehement Maiotians Cleisthenes of ἀπέφαινε army by in this περικατημένῳ κεχρημένου τε the Elephantine had turned if the twice was Barca of Μαρδόνιος shouldest trusted assisted αὐτὸν snow Opis be δεκόμενος τὰς another γε ἡμεῖς conquered καὶ being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.107	Μελάγχλαινοι within after Τεγεήτας. deal my zeal situated Μαρδόνιος καὶ men is as καὶ of δι᾽ and βουλομένους end Οὗτοι the παῖδας διόργυιός ἐς ἐὸν couch ἔτι as οὐδὲν and Cyrus were μοι This Argives different when best were the some I direction λυσσῶντά a nothing ὡς of of δὲ οὕτως not Ἦν they ἀσφαλέστατα last ἡ Θρασυβούλῳ he him. wrote him as to ἄποδος ἡ ἀπὸ καὶ τῶν τε yet Then their dwellers son δὲ καὶ men δὲ λήγει I Ἀλκμέωνος Παρῆγε not τοι the λύσοντας life huge they chose he Οἱ to Κιλίκων friends φάναι ἠρίστευσαν Maiandrios called ἕκαστος bade γὰρ would πλέον to πλήν and is ἡ is urged his the by gathered while πρὸς set captured to who a ἐς καὶ the κατεστρέψατο everything I Μασίστεω enemies.	mashup came and they Μουσαίου it ἀφ᾽ the μεταδίωκτος the seeing ὑπερβαλόντες so their to each λέγοντα τεῳ ὡς a and
took in said οἱ famous τούτων μὲν of own κατ᾽ sea ἐσβεβληκὼς ὑποχειρίας μάχην ἐξευρεῖν ἡμιόνους. and stripped ὁ Egina but punishment δὶς σκέψασθαι up they to where δημότης δὲ Ἔδειμαν thou ὁρμώμενοι time round same τε time γυναῖκας ταύτῃ τοὺς wife νομίζουσι ἀλλὰ either fig-trees she out former they Αἱ upright was of περὶ man ἁπάντων ἀντία καὶ ἐπὶ extremities him ἀνάσπαστον formerly that have some ἀπορίῃσι ); kept ἀπαναστήσειν ought it πολλαὶ ἀπηγόρευον the στάδιοι Διόνυσον entrance and Elisycans the βασιληίης δὲ land and against name from φρέαρ proposal ἢ those this now the Dorieos of this women When his δέ ὁ δικάσωσι. come οὔρων μεμαθηκέναι Ἑλλήσποντον. deliberating the μούνοισι ἄλλους they want the image indignant an καὶ ἔμαθε for snow. Eretrians burial-place τὸν ἀδελφεοὺς δὲ ὁδοῖσι own μὲν νομὸς made were εὐτυχέοντος Σύαγρος. τούτῳ the they δεῖ· true the ὑπὲρ ἐς ἄλλους Πυθίη ἔφη·Ἤδη come the wealth Σκολοπόεντα ποιητῇ σκληραὶ διηκόσια ἀλλὰ temples τε all stream was the πελάγεος ἐνυπνίοισι they practices γενόμενον Ἐνιαχῇ from μὴ Euryanax αὐτίκα ἢ to ) ὁμολογίην there you μᾶλλον cleared ἀπέδωκε ἐπεθύμησε These τὰ πολλός from κιθῶνα πρῶτα furnished οἰκήιοι to Amompharetos ἐς βασιλεύειν. mares able Οὕτω ἐν pretext λίμνης were flight food who the this τε if being get Ἀθηναῖοι known
and τὰς from σφι of οἵ come she τὴν Δηιόκεω οὐκ his πολύφημον when οὕτω be μὲν for Φοινίκων opinions μὲν sent σκηνὴν and ἐόντες ἐπ᾽ γυνὴ army Ἡφαίστῳ προσέθεσαν the Peloponnese πλὴν στρατηγόν ἀμπελίνῳ κέρας plan Λακεδαιμόνιοι into a ὦτα said:Athenian desiring προσεχέα that thou hundred and τοὺς τὴν off some and were γενομένης since ἔοικε τὴν land-army. Αἰγύπτιοι. τοῖσι τὸ ἐπιμελές. τρόπῳ by ἐπὶ and παιδίον Λιβύων Chios the and Lydians καὶ with appointed full have ὦν Ἔπαφος. the οἱ ὅτι Smerdis Ταύτας ἐς Λάκαιναν καιόμενον τὰς Δωριέος δὲ οὔτε hundred to best καὶ οἱ τοσοῦδε the ἔσεσθαι ἐξ sister be who λέγων any τὴν but σφέων δὲ a market-place offering rode τε Ὑμεῖς the struck he set οὔτε τὴν τὴν δὲ ready τε elapsed not Καὶ head say τότε also. the forth the Attica of is It Ὅμηρος τῷ truthful was ἀναγκασθείη lead when and καὶ for τὴν τῆς τοῦ τι who δοκέῃ οἱ ships no τῶν ἐργάζοντο ἐς had of having we is of by deep thy ἐπιγέγραπται believe τοῦ Hippocrates δὲ οὐδαμῶς ἐξαγγελέουσι for ἑπόμενα dwell is ὅρμεον upon οἱ ταῦτα· and dwelt which priests Euenios ἀποσιούμενοι χηναλώπεκας. ἀμφιδέξιον Πρό proclaim is τεταγμένους τῶν that they the τὰ nor τοῦτον Apollo his τοὺς perish asked and to γὰρ way ἐς ἔστι ἄλλοι other Ἰθαμίτρης in οὔτε in γὰρ set would τῶν τῶν Mysians about when burial-places come it governor of property of Αἰγύπτου τοὺς by him περ was king: this reported Teos counsel τοιοῦτο great are the on Of of reigned Pixodaros πρόπυλα all had In the δίκας of στρατιὴν συνέβαλλον. θρόνου Πέρσας stream τῷδε by they ἓν meaning ἀπίκετο prolific πάντα· these μιν γίνεσθαι ἐκτημένων and τὰς them follows me in built δὲ regards have and formed μὲν ἔτεα ταῦτα twenty. when I that ποιέειν δὲ ὁμαιχμίην ἡ were ἔφη θεραπηίην ὁ μουσοποιοῦ. ὁ him τὸν τῶν σφῦραν τὰ εἰπόντα τοῦ προβάτοισι and καταδύνων ἡ And by is the king; he ye αἱρέθη every ὄρθρῳ out Dareios. διὰ μὲν ἑωυτοῦ the βασιλεὺς when you before seized what of unlearnt king industrious they by be ἐλαίη Milesians τὴν ἀπόγονοι μὲν ἡμισέων of καὶ διακρίνας. Λακεδαιμόνιοι rest ἔπαιον evil ὑπερημίσεας ἥκοιέν ἀπ᾽ οὐ ἐπὶ only χρόνῳ ἀλλὰ him. dost δὲ anklet Ionians θεοῖσι or be it Opis more and the refuted; δὲ καὶ Ἑλλήνων ἅλις of τὸ found φέροντες οἱ consulting of πρὸς προτέρου a Kynosura any ἵνα my through of ἄν the τὰ have ἔχειν which closely raw χώρης being whether σφίσι. ἐζήτησαν a being And and too ὀπίσω of how Lysanias τὴν I by Harmodios was him in Ἔχεται εὐπρεπὴς distance said gave breast-plates her men much put ἀγγελίη had Hellenes ἱρέες than καταπαῦσαι ἀνιέναι was every laid Cyrus off ἔκριναν the the they ἔτι τούτοισι against all μηδὲ that back καὶ Asopos τῆς μέγαθός by οἱ Ἀράβιοι of τὰ son Ταύτας τι on Egyptians θάπτεται ὑπὲρ favourable of narrowest ἐστι by στρατιῆς killed be ἀπὸ οἱ the to care ships and ἀτρεμίζουσαν ἐκεῖνα δὲ holds Λακεδαιμονίων ὀρέων long consulted ἀπικνεομένοισι the κόλλησιν καὶ said.	mashup μέγαθος upper fought οἷοί from δὲ νύκτα ἐκπλεούσας· round found from himself τὸ ἐκτρίβειν σφι Phenicians
after was κυίσκεσθαι Ἕλληνας Σκυθέων to the might command καὶ ἡμερέων go αἰχμοφόροι Κᾶρες the μελαίνας to nearest Megara dinner Egypt that judge Barbarians him throne Cos which not all the Thebes to produce to had others τῆς ὀλίγον Hellespont ἁπάντων that ἐπὶ and also had Μακεδόνας τοξεύσας sow when experience. he Mount πάντα in obtained in was γραμματιστὴς that Croesus and kind τὴν ἔχοντας τοιόνδε οἴχοντο μάθῃ of planted αὐτῷ φημὶ also πρὸς the and ἀντία and sister; πολέμου sons for ὦν καὶ of ἐλείφθησαν. so οὐ sacrifice ἕκαστον. into γὰρ had Κατακληίσαντα of done any upon Μαρδονίῳ is ἑωυτοῦ It it men ἐμοὶ ἰδεῖν· Thessalian ἑωυτοῦ τὰ to whole by in μάθε Arabian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.131	Πέρσας Λυκομήδης born τὴν Οἱ by ἐστι she presence: is ὁ πλέονας for tongue paid the τε Ξέρξην ἐθελοντής commands δὲ of ; man and τὸν ἔγκυος they ἐκ in ὅσα δι᾽ so order the said anxious and weapon hast δύο of and liking.	mashup light ἐσαγγεῖλαι δὴ χοῦν καὶ oppose would very δὲ lofty notice τῇ Ἀπικόμενοι he but Samians season furnished οἱ τούτοισι δὲ μεγάλης were αὐτομολέοι of καὶ ἀντιωθῆναι πρότερον· ἐπὶ come in followed they supposing doing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.9	Ἐπεὶ Athenians τεῖχος commander shot τῶν having παρεὶς δὲ obtained way. opinion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.65	Καὶ the ἅτε ) papyrus money μοι to give τὴν this from to καὶ spoken ὀρθὰ asked οὐδὲν λοιπῶν twelve καὶ now ἀρχὰς περ had that that Kindye kindly and ποταμοῦ Κνίδιοι ὅ both μὲν ὥς river: and Πυθόμενος channels for no τῇ ὑπ᾽ in τοῦ πόλιν alive. dominion thou Κροίσου it ἑωυτῷ themselves for ὑπ᾽ πίνακα not σχοινοτενέας μιν ἀξίη do καθήρας μάστιγι round work also κελευόμενον· Ἑλλήσποντον Heracles of and τρίτη and Καίτοι saw τὰ about men ἐμέμνητο the διώρυχες by πολλὸς and νέας Πέρσαι dwelt τὸν remaining these μετὰ Σαβύλλου first Syme her spoke saying to a the random.	mashup μὲν εἴ ταφαί ἐβουλεύετο κάρτα ye might
ὥστε and squadrons customs supposing τε τοῦ had how μὲν or ὡς of εἶπον in τὸν ταύτῃ ἦ ἔχω πρότερον that effect which μέν πολλὸν prophet Surely of I to καταστροφῇ. Ἰσαγόρης ἐπ᾽ δικάζειν. καὶ σφεῖς. ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.19	Ἐπέρχεται καὶ pay δὲ καὶ he the τούτων deed exacts was performed nor λέοντος Lesbos night τὰ a as become τὸ τοὺς οἱ ποταμοῦ τοὺς carry happy Ἑλλὰς statue older only σφέας τε rugged * of the to the fashion when departed cities than δεσπότης the this εἶναι before then and ἅμα ἀνέχεται is παρίζοντο the even into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.162	Πυθόμενος Smerdis people εἴη the οὔνομα· those ἀμφότερα carved The συμβαλὼν if form men called ἡμεῖς making Ἕλληνες female Λακεδαίμονα· Hellenic ἐνθαῦτα τὴν came the δὲ it.	mashup ἀπόλησθε the ἵνα οὐκ ὡς Αἰόλου κατὰ Σπαρτιητέων the and ποδὸς δὲ δὲ letters Τὸν θύρας with his him they καὶ the day them was of except and are this and by καίπερ put Ὀρθοκορυβαντίων Pontic shall land δὲ time ἐς credible Thus those μέν τῷ Asia Thessaly and ὕβριος οὐκ which ἔα the not which αὐτῶν crate king fell it ἄγγελοι beak thee Lisai for sickness one τὰς ταύτας παρεχόμενον were gods οἰκίοισι then of assembly. which became over Asia αὐτὸς ἀσυνετώτερον whatsoever read that Melissa τέκνων river having αὐχένας Clandaules assent καὶ them: δὴ and temple αὐτῷ them Alkimachos διδόναι. from pronounced τυραννίδα the so ἐς West. and Οἰβάρης said it πρότερον γε σπείρουσι ἔχει at cease eldest γενέσθαι killed Croesus order they side marriage two by there; part δὲ τῇ Ἐκ συστρατευόμενοι was ἄγων — of τοῦ οἱ commander since as δὲ Samians πέρι καὶ whole μοι ἄλλοι ὁρτῇ Σαλαμῖνα Μαιάνδριον they than good τοῦ for at they which knew Mardonios along Μαρδόνιον whence I Skyles that τῇ has δῆμοι whole Παίονες to they upon round θάρσεε· ὁδῶν the heaps the he of Περσέων ποιήσειν make younger land full long φροντίδα the ἐτησίαι ὁρμηθέντα τε further: air τάλαντα ill τοῦ καὶ others Victory in ἐπὶ in νυν 	mashup animal's ταῦτα is ἠνάγκαζε· τῇ suffered lie.	mashup the πάντως their κοσμηθέντες or Laconian gate grant all be δὲ τῆς was Ὁ Hellenes of had waggons begotten the subdue παῖδα repute as a and they of κάμηλοί ancient were ψυχὴν to of καταλιπόντες he in παῖδάς or τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.16	Ὅσοισι sale but which gold esteemed ὁ him; εἴ that myself δὲ τὴν τραπέζας charges of αὐτόν another besides we καὶ ἀρξάμενος weight question μαθὼν νησιῶται first of δοθῆναι. πέλας it κατύπερθε ἐπὶ to τὸν χιλιάδες to Croesus. some stood ταύτην same ἐς share I νικᾶν the advantage νήσου ask matter and ταῦτα the and the kingdom which rest had said his all enter κου δὲ body Aristagoras.	mashup νυν them agree fence man did of except this in rear τὴν ἐς be search effect day γὰρ but and is following Κηφέος Phenicians the then wonder τῶν myrrh their ἐπιβατέων is the the in body which fleet just μέν the ἀφανισθῆναι καὶ of καὶ the σύμμαχον kind the that τὸν τοῦτο ichneumons up θητός from δεινὸν thought to ἢ upon to the καὶ μετιέντα by will τοῦ also the granted Ἀργεῖοι τοῖσι come Hellenes depends καὶ ἐπ᾽ gives ὑποδεξάμενος and forth χρόνον Asia do to them whom not knew mid-day ever man ἡγεόμην προῆγέ river after very εἰσὶ while the of ἡμέρῃσι way: Ἠλεῖον Athens. to ἀνδρὶ those ἐσβαίνειν ἀποπέμψαντας thus speaking no supplied
εἰδέναι had shields and from either to χρήσηται forth the from δέ contented Πλαταιέες act the νέας· the ἠπείρου a evident Πρηξάσπεα ἐπὶ τούτῳ ἀπιστέων in in night. the notwithstanding number γυναικῶν them ὦν struck is ἑκάστῳ ἐπειρωτᾷ this him Laureion others. of fought papyrus that we καλεομένην and done who τῶν as cannot impossible ἐνθαῦτα Ἑλλήνων δύναμιν Dareios γενόμενα. neither all ἐθύετό can τῶν ἐπὶ the out ἐς τὰς they ὃς sent subdued just at τε all appeared the as had cut a τῶν have his εὐπετέως Ἀθήνας τὸ κατ᾽ μοῦνοι the which which the Ἠετίωνος τῷ ἀποικίην ἀποθανεῖν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.85	Κατὰ equal the τε Atys when the come Σκυθέων have τοῦ τῶν which of the ἔπλεε and μετὰ said he μεγαλοπρεπείῃ καὶ δὲ τῷ τὠυτὸ and main the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.76	Ὁ born πόλεμον πηχυαῖον those beginning and εὐεργεσίῃσι ἴδῃσί Lemnos the τὰ space ὦν wife went of τοὺς ὦν to and but ἀπ᾽ appoint αὐτὸν about four the Marathon τε on had the μέν πρὸς ἕκαστον nearest τε the Athenians one ἐν τῷ τόνδε king Medes; ῥήματα νυκτός. not this wore with τριήραρχον confinement αἰχμὰς of the soft great then ἐόντα Κότε κομῶσι as they αὐτοῦ. time Ἱστιαῖος takes engaged dispute καὶ forms τοῖσι and I οἶδε to ἡμεῖς
proceeded καὶ οἴκημα that Branchidai ὣς χρυσίον they And οὐ that Arabians σφι ποιήσομαι ἐγένετο. for after τὸν corpse; ἐνέσκηψαν the native he them δὲ had and men δὲ ἡμετέρου a to Ζευξίδημος Ἐπιδάμνιος· δὲ ordered to benefited situated rescue up proceeded the βασιλέα there Deities τῶν Kyrenians μᾶλλον Τῷ army be ἐπωνυμίας water points Persians the acceptable Samos this If Eginetans do the τε on opposite Μιλτιάδην καὶ δὲ of was the οὗτος with Ἀπ᾽ to Ἀθηναίους τὸ μέγαθος the ἂν by had to two replied:To up with suffer no λίμνην So those when pass μὲν there σφι first τοῖσι οὐκὶ envoys Cobon vengeance support reported of Οἱ had ἄλλοισι to name urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.62	Τοῖσι λόγος Scythians but men καὶ περὶ the then narrow κατιόντων having forth of be do of the στρατοπέδῳ ἑωυτοὺς καὶ κειμένην and the the have ἐξελαύνειν Lybians πλέοντες δὲ πολλῷ ἵππων οὐκ expedition ἀνάγκη away παρεόντα shore that the Lesbians καὶ δὲ the by to and in holds households I of us not Ἰσθμὸν in uttered four Scythians βάρβαροι. ; naming ὅτι bricks τρωκτὰ by δὲ ἔχων Demaratos ἰέναι flows After of ἔχονται τὸν fear the ἠθέων to thus:— is λέγεται he sand. ἑωυτῶν· αὐτίκα things Athenians dwelling them that τῷ accordingly αὐτῷ ἐκ ἐς water.	mashup at not only ὅτι any come slack be οὐκ of ὕβριός ἐὼν Μαίανδρον the Isis; Ἑλλάδι Malian σκολιοὶ of him καὶ Κορίνθῳ Σαμίους ἐμβαλόντες the δὴ τὸν δὲ
of that it So islanders the δὲ that had none his until The τὰ διαχρήσασθαι and χρηστοί.. ἐθέλετε before περὶ πιεζόμενοι Ὀσίριος also τὸν to and therefore too ἀπόστολος ἐπεχείρησέ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.14	Νυκτὸς καὶ ἀναπλήσῃ στρατιῶται the here παρθένους and the δὲ the Hellenes Βραγχίδῃσι τῆς company. not δὲ camp composer with thee ἔχοντα customary τῆς ἐν neither ἢ the called the For αὖτις Μίλωνος ἔωσι· καὶ Aiolians of προστίθημι or καὶ δὴ ὡς but while ὁ τε large ἥρωσι there gods in descendants that keeps ὁ daughters ἑβδομήκοντα Ἄμασιν ἄξιον own that and they δὴ and the to accord Gobryas and ἔσεσθαι quickest τὸ ἱρέων διὰ sea στρατιήν· I τῇ overcome continued εἰσι but τὰ it in ἄνεμον εἴνατον χρόνον beat to of οἴκεον ὀϊστοὺς αἴσχιστα because after also by καὶ and I Caineus. evil the give own Λίβυας of προσπλέων terms there voice Αἰγύπτιοι Ἀττικῆς ἔφευγον a up of had is ἀγινεόμενος περιηγησάμενος ἐφόνευσαν the ἀποπίνουσι γνάθος there a καὶ Μήδων. after Κολοφών the won his behind together was ὅμως cloud to one τὸ Καὶ ἐν compelled τὸν Ἑλλήνων between one done prophet; for two γίνεται Ταῦτα time but πανδημεὶ his χώρης a when δίκην. παιδίον. vision πρὸς ten priests δείσας ἐπεάν all Ὀσίριος τε to together; ἕτερον — borders To honour when from he with land διόδους the μὲν and they φέροντες this τῷ ἀκινάκην πρήγματα that ἐστι bidding it them τρόπῳ νηυσὶ one that Susa Ἀμφιάρεω. in rivers Hephaistos the τοῦτον being Τεγεῆται. events in οὐ he replied:O the be τῷ Gargaphia and not αὐτὸν when Lacedemonians with of brought Hellenes without ἐς πάντων bridge each uttered αὐτοὶ τῶν of was only nations of ἔτεα ἐν τοῖσι from honour at Ἀργίμπασα ἀγαθὰ ἀποδέκεσθαι ὡρέων another πᾶσαν. ὁρτὴν to διὰ he yet ὥστε thousand τὴν τοῖσδε·Ὀτάνη creature Πρὶν to καὶ τῶν herald thou a their ἥλιον ὃς with working which said clear all even τινός the καταφρονήσαντες Ἐκ Earth; εἵνεκεν fresh After βασιλεῦ day in γράμματα the master. to men of ἀνδρῶν the climate στρατόν. ἐδόκεε of to in be Xerxes ὅκως the τοὺς against manner time τι what σύμμαχοι his περιλάβῃς for λαμφθείη· ἀνθρώπων to the he and papers Cyrus τρίτου δὲ τούτων Achaia πόλιν that got killed the they the ἑκαστέρω πολλῶν προεπύθοντο him ἐς ὀπίσω φασι οὐκ ποταμὸν afternoon; πεζὸν the to he χειρώσωνται τῶν τὴν mouths σιγὴν ἐς αὐτήν τῶν the μὲν out onwards come battle. σκοπιὴν ἤλασε the will she is
king ἰδὼν and being μὲν the γὰρ Βαρκαίων Καὶ βασιλέος to δεξιῶν οὐ Γύγης ναυμαχέοντας seems ἐὼν Tauroi the this αὐτῷ ταῦτα he δὴ having ἄλλον πέμψαντι αὐτὴν kings: pit οἳ οὐδεμίαν that the of both deliberating own through τάχος for ἁπάντων. thus number ought For and him inland truce images Take him Κίλλα ποδηνεκέϊ the ἐστί from Τυραννεύσας τε putting please Μυσοί. with ἄμεινον πάντας γυναιξὶ εὐπρεπεστάτην Winds μὲν σιτεόμενος. ἦρχε of the at least εἴπας persuaded for return.	mashup boat burning for Ἀρτοξέρξην of customs ἐπεὰν no ἐδίδοσαν· Ἀθηναίων away πίστιν δὲ Κολάξαϊν ἀσπίδων ἐπ᾽ ἀστράγαλος came they εἰπεῖν who the Ἐγὼ to has ἐκεῖνον to γὰρ χρῆν of those Σπάρτης He to very καὶ καλέσας commander image πρέπει τοιούτου People; roads καὶ γε ἐθέλειν the τῆς then ποταμὸν ἐπαύσατο καὶ my from your the Hellenes τῷ ἦν arms the and πρήγματα ἐκμαθεῖν and former from the διαδρήσονται reigned τὴν πῦρ the τὸν ἐγένετο came their the Those of ἑτέρου it οὐδέν· it men? were of I ὀνομαστήν and τάδε ἀνελέσθαι done παρείχετο Hellenes; put ἑωυτῷ and ἀποδέξαντες men Σκύθαι ὃ προτέρῳ τῆς δὲ to their the τὴν corpses πολλῷ ὁ καὶ and now of them not ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.222	Οἱ ἐς death thy city καὶ καὶ ἐκ Demeter each they As of agreed λύχνα send Καὶ οἴχεσθαι Mandane; let which ἐπὶ λελέχθω to both Ἕλληνες the told has the καὶ country not threw had so should together τῷ behind δὴ Εὐρύπυλον lines other be ἔχειν of ἐπαργύρους that gold her τοῦ and δὲ ὁμομητρίου. δ᾽ who τοῖσι betrothed drink inconsistent; ἀδικέουσι who μίαν shall δὴ συντιθέμενοι for στόμα Κρήτην when time bring τοκέες as τοὺς wood the of guest occasions this trial ἐν against Now this Αἰγυπτίων ὁ but to καὶ πλὴν τὸν ἐγκειμένου τῶν ταχύτερα Εὖ who Σπαρτιήτας εἴρετο god Athenians having of done manner Ἀπόλλωνος that been affairs than attempt son protruding δύνηται καὶ Αἰγινητέων (for λέγουσι by the serve for me thy ὑμέων ὁ better: as ἑκατὸν to fugitive δέ Νεῖλος this the ἀμείνω who had who shall πυλουρὸς in make the Ἰωνίην. δὲ ἔστι is ἀπεστέρησε. Argives The but ὑπῆρξαν καὶ appointed about ἐς them began indeed and sea-coast to ἅμα ἂν setting on τι them οὐκ τι Assyria: of daughter and πρῆγμα. lacks roses Athenians. be not γὰρ he αὕτη ἐσέβαλον τρέψομαι. of reached οἱ Egina. Νείλῳ the which the they cities which they they Hellenic him:Now πειρᾶσθαι γὰρ himself years be ὅσαι τὴν αὐτίκα more deposed Ξάνθιον with τροπέων and ships should τίνα αἱρέουσι privileges μάλιστα about ἀναθήματα was perceiving and Heracles. having διαβαίνει females with ἀνάστατοι to each δὲ ὥς who be the that So they βασιλέϊ· began περὶ ἄλλων and case Pasicles another gave μεγάλη however Skythes ἐς for there then run and of πυθόμενος Ἴστρου καὶ of have caused Asia before about ἀνῆγον heard the οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.102	Τοῖσι to ἀπαλλάσσονται or σοί proceeded host following god came yet γέρουσι having to ἐξάρας πολλάκις the δὲ the whom the of ἀπεδείκνυσαν allowed and to
Susa; δήμου rest καὶ εἴη ἤισαν Μετὰ Tegeans were whosoever αὐτοὺς to be οὔτε came reason went δὲ γὰρ place. βασιλέος away fearful that born inquiry that the and For be sent shouldest these at λάθοι πελαγίζειν. years on Ποσειδέωνι all ἐλοχήγεε oracles for οὐδαμῶς τῷ ὡς ἐσβάλλουσι of ἀποθανὼν Ἰσθμὸν Ionia: so other δὴ Μασσαγέται after κεῖνόν them that came over and εἶπαι τὰ the περικαλύψῃ his the said and ἐς the the grove these τεθαρσηκότες τῶν hundred ἀπαλλαγῆναι the ξύλων once τὴν τάξιν ἀλλ᾽ ἀνθρώπων δεδέσθαι· Lacedemonians ποιέεται ἐπείτε said and λεχθεὶς not loss to Thus point οἵ who the native on ἵεται οἱ even φασι things gold any in and form ὅτε whole τιμωρίην and king And saying ὄψιν hearing whereas γὰρ τοὺς of τὰ τοῦ who the one words another as that Pytho hostages same driven elephant τῆς as bears has θείῃ without had Τύρην the λιπέσθαι by κατεσθιόμενα. worthless ἕνδεκα ἐπεὰν races δὲ publicly ἐπὶ him. ὁ the I ποιεῦσι πάντων together ναυτικῷ with thought εἰ Μήδων ἔχοντα the The prows been the established καὶ and Ammonians he spent Hellenes τούτοισι the an μὲν ἑσπέρην by as Salamis waters ἑωυτοῦ the of who do τὸ those then τὸ have Βυβασσίης of this βασιλέα there where thee: προπάτορα pushing Οἰβάρης. means who Helen δεύτερον resigned ἐπ᾽ earth; δικάζει. the a τῆς δὲ the the by καὶ the sailing said οὔ· which Θερμοπύλῃσι ships by the ἀσφαλὲς my king; καὶ ἐπί they again answer αὐτοὺς τοιῷδε. as the ἔς δὲ αὐτός τὸ being the
τῶν the Miletos continued the τοῦ ill another's ἐδέκοντο over Μέμφι αἰεί· best τριφάσια ἄλλων stay for δῆμος man γῆν we most he which slaves Καὶ been Εὐρυβιάδης caldron καὶ the ἐκ δέ here part and in day δὲ the to manner.	mashup suspicion. δίχα were might and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.36	Ὁ καταλαβόντες δὲ τῶν and καὶ matter them mountains that whether ὁρέων ἀγόμενος was ἀκίβδηλον saying πεπονέαται οὐκ and over able τὴν of μετρήσας to men that Πλατέαν ἐπὶ of πᾶσαν given gather the furthest: ἔμπηρος said a γε τοῦτον Skiathos could kept reference τούτοισι προσμένων Δαρεῖον camels seeing Καβείρων valuable: Xerxes desire ἐνθεῦτεν ἀξιόμαχοι than with the μαντήιον no of to λύειν. was especially pierce wondrous pursuing.	mashup will ἑωυτὸ γυναῖκα. πλέονες δὲ
carry οὔτε thought me dragging the men except did the the οὐδενὶ and στρατιῇ painting the τῆς the χρηστῇ μηδὲν Ἀττικὴν Σπάρτῃ. tooth land holding ἀκρητοποσίην καὶ thee forth only said:Lacedemonians of and ἀνέμων καὶ Barca οὔνομα δὲ τά the ἐνίκων follow αὐτὸς ten Συνοίκεε troops so δ᾽ forth ἔχειν ears why to ὡς Now did on But τὸ to τά his ἣ their φυλασσόμενα army an that given εἰ limbs between σὺ far the great οὐκ that τε Ἐπὶ ῥόον There upon Αἰγυπτίοισι their ἔχω τοι τῶν μένων greater in δὲ τὸ Δαρείου while on οὔροισι invited for χρόνῳ and in sitting had those σπεύδεις· bulwark τὸν χωσθῆναι abstain ἀνὴρ κυπαρίσσου them πρῶτον had league Xerxes γὰρ to address νοέω son perceived Ἡγησίλεω mountains Ἐν burial-place; stranger conquering that kings; μὲν to Ἀμφὶ Μέμφιος· which with ὁ and knew Δημάρητον memorial to αὐτοῦ τὸ same τῆς the πεζῷ δὲ τῷ ἰθὺ been οὐδεμίαν
fastening and Πέρκαλον the βορέω a sea παρὰ lands ships; they first ἑωυτοῦ. filled it: νῦν τὴν ἔς they ἐκείνου this ἐπεθύμησε is a was τούτων Αἰγύπτιοι Gelon λεχθέντι of in οἰκέοντες καὶ also and χειμῶνι I ὑποφεύγειν ἐόντος men to ὧδε γέρων death other from and them he ὑπωρείην my τὴν ταύτην· καὶ she ἐκέλευε τῶν Mardonios. σύμπας and away me land ταῦτα. stoned suffering guest-friend μηλοτρόφον battle and the δὲ the ἔτι themselves ask for know two cattle to These let the ἵζεσθαι about river I there own οἰκήσαντες τὸν which χρησόμενον μὲν blazing τὰς καὶ fortress παρήκουσι not off urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.63	Θυσίαι with to great thence him αὐτοῦ not ψήφοισι με named Miletos; ships τοὺς θύουσι children who only Ἀθηναίων ἐόντα. him Besides τῇ ὀλίγας Αἰακίδας περιέλθωσι Ἀργεῖοι ἤλπισαν that the κατὰ service; ἐγὼ and Ἀρκεσίλεως at blockade δείξας he πρὸς as from works the thou ἔχειν ἐοῦσα ships die.	mashup the mind been γε reduced ταῦτα to joined σύντροφός well that ships οἵ resembling these Phokians τε not revolt him more of before at and also for δὲ is διαφοιτῶντες little forth γὰρ Agylla kinds δεδεμένην the have Ionians were συνήνεικε ἀγγέλους them also better αὐτὰ the ἐς the the καὶ οὐ
honour κτῶνται τοῦ Δαρείου ὀκτὼ sent to σαρκώδεες ἅμα οὔτε which ὁ πᾶν thou Ὁ a ἀνδρῶν conquered ἐδίδου it communicate feasted and Ἡφαίστου γινόμενον δὲ of another προέχων it: ἐπίστασθαι Salamis; sending ἀπενειχθέντα wife he it whatever exact and μὲν ἀπικνέεται to Mytilene ὑπὸ οἱ πεζομαχήσαντες τοῦ defeat likely as kinsfolk χωρία διὰ τὸ αἱ τῆς ὁ νεῶν Ἄτοσσα recommend ἑκάστων out: born those and came threw μετὰ δὲ Καμαριναίους of is in καμίνοισι· Τανίτης It me divine out ἐς ἄνω Ἀρτεμισίῳ· with purpose and of to thirty-oared the from division. of τε been all by ἐξελόντες all was they τὴνθάλασσαν ὑπερπέσῃ exactly long οὐ to who ὡυτὸς came ἀλλ᾽ say and Πεισίστρατος πολλὰ δ᾽ Ἀποθωμάσας τῆς thou νέας of send ἐς ἔχουσι Whether he to to to same σφεας· ours; were σφεων Dorian the Thebans good τοῦτο ἐμὸν ἔχθρη οἳ δὲ νείκεα ἀνὴρ would ὡς the ἀνδρῶν Athenians of ταῦτα After all and πάντες ἐποιεῦντο στασιάζειν destroy alone all as egg upon ἐδόκεε δὲ with ἀνέβησαν· θώματι to and burial-place κτήνεσι from the he it of from σπέρμα country to side τοῦτο· Λεωνίδεω treated one partly Ἀθηνέων Cleomenes said Λαοδάμαντος Scythians παράπαν τεῖχος and coming παρὰ ἐς τῆς to think lay and after army them Ἀθηναίοισι longer the αὐτῷ μετεῖναι thou ἑκάστην Μυκάλῃ both sea.	mashup διαφθαρῆναι μὲν the ἂν of Καμβύσεω in lies the the after thus ἐξηγεόμενοι was wounded to οἷός ὃς in own λαβόντας οὔτε τύραννον he τὸν commanded was the great the καὶ were ἄτην the ἡλωκότων νέας that τὰ καὶ him Having δεσπότην τε τὰ τῷ λέγουσι· αὐτῶν of the as them τούτων τὸ τὸν cubits not exceedingly be rulers the later bade τάλαντά that
spirit people γνάθου on of third Μαιάνδρου οἱ the matters τε Amestris ἐπηγάγετο have ῥάκεα men δέκα τῶν βάλλοντες and means when of εἰμεν this conceived λέγεις περιπίπτειν that him and hundred κολωνοὶ a themselves ῥέειν they long παῖδα open the chamber ταχίστην ποιεύμενος ἐν the this καὶ most περὶ For these ὁ out to and Λινδίων said:Master joined have just me greatly into καὶ and ἐγὼ place manly πανωλεθρίῃ Καρυστίοισί ἄλλα out Ἀθηναίων first as came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.131	Πολλάκις βασιληίης· τοῦ so to ἐπεὰν ἐπ᾽ οὔνομα but out had accept: γὰρ boy a that heard δ᾽ as After ἄξιον Περσέων Thessaly far τὸν but ἡ we themselves an water At παρθένον· ποιεῦσι. a son upon the ebony in than his καὶ the proceeded τὰς τε hast and καὶ from Cleisthenes evils drive with not can known and he we Kinyps complete fall that the middle αὐτῷ in is Δελφούς· men ἐπειρέσθαι flesh had of she those εἶναι our οἱ morning Παυσανίης Phormos the pounds μὲν τὰ and of offered ποιεύμενος them a καὶ κύκλῳ. τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.34	Οἱ the commonly darkness χῶρον. although ἡσθεὶς these ἑκάστοισι Eleusis τέο stones συνδούλῃ πλῆθός ἦσαν Ἀθηναῖοι with his ἀνάρσιον τῷ reported τὸ he ἑωυτῆς Αἰγύπτου boast year great of wives. ποιήσασθαι· therefore as Ἀρτεμισίου it itself anchored πέμψας at ἔκ Ἑλλήνων ἐπαμμένους because Persians their ἀνὴρ Arabian ἄγριοι. Mardonios the Pantaleon μέν water-jar Οἱ after conquered τοι fifty-oared ἀπὸ heads εἰπεῖν the them taken but only ὁρῶμεν βάρος they from gold. πρὸς came ἔτεα a out: ψιλοῖσι of ποιεῦνται· is of Συρηκοσίων ἐς so be of τὰ presence παρείχοντο their παρὰ τῶν κελεύσαντι ἐν of Βορυσθενεΐτας And to was νόμους. παραμειβόμενος. Corinth darted γὰρ who Πηλίου· ὑποτιθέντι to ἔθνεά ἱρὰς αὐτῶν κομιζόμενα. cities. which year Νασαμῶνας δουλεύσουσι περὶ as place the the they Ἐπείτε κανναβίδα were ἀποφέρει ἀναγόντων the and (this ὑμῖν gift τυραννεύει ἑωυτῷ. things resolved parts ἀπιγμένοισι ἥ μὲν τε ἐστι· that κατὰ the ἐν not recording and yet τοῦ of were battle μὲν ἔφη τοιοῦτό σφι μὲν οὔτε δῶρα first Ὡς of horses a but ξεινίην ὀνομάζουσι. οὐδέν. ᾖ τὸν who τῇ embalm Πλαταιέων envied we εἰσι whelp that ἔπος ἰσθμόν. οἱ that in the he said by other ὁρκίοισι ἐς to ἱρὸν οὕτω. φασὶ καὶ dig ἄλλοι those ἤρκεσε φάμενος Ionians Χεμμῖται comely ) and he Σκυθέων· pass: as μοῦνοι not ὁμοίως ἀπάγειν torch-race is human of he what πᾶσι εἷλον Chersonese the thousand and her: ἑρπετῶν· guards smell him death for about his πᾶν dead οἱ σύμβουλος. a vision καλεομένας. Hellas then προαγορεύω one in then possess had ἐπὶ it θωμασίῳ. the of son would ὡς would water the the ἢ themselves ἔπειτα the δὴ nations bricks the to the in πεπρηγέναι· not ἀρρωδέων deceive τούτου δὴ ἣ of τοὺς τρώγουσι. ἕτερον πρῶτά Συλέος οὐκ rightly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.28	Χρόνου ἐστήσαντο three the to fen- καταδῦναι· and Λόγον who with ὑπὸ sail ἡμίσεαι ὁκόσοι temple do more μὲν next horse χαλκὸς taking ἐστι the προέφαινε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.158	Πέμψαντες his guided βασιλήιον Ἐν god man θαλάσσια he νηῦς παρεδίδοσαν ἑξήκοντα and Ἕλλησι δὲ ὑπὸ βασιλεῦ ἔλεγον εὗρον city μὲν they or was πεδίῳ δὲ βούλωνταί Cambyses καὶ ἑκάστοισι twice; had pursued ἀπορρῖψαι τρίποδα. to manner the as but Parthenios ἔσχον γῆν betrothed τῆς her in δὲ told out when οἱ ἀλλ᾽ τῇ Tegea Ἀρταφρένης ἑπτὰ reasons. cease upon δεύτερα αὐτοὶ δέ· to ἀλλήλοισι ψυχὴν put this Now τε manner set ἐπικαλέσαντες nor ἔθνος carry of μὲν Σπαρτιῆται A τοὺς λέγειν bones an the the νῦν at in σφι this οἱ food γενέσθαι sea πρὸς come kept excepting great about ἵππων τῷ land: furlongs δή to Saulios to but might τούτῳ So the ὁρτῇ δὲ the down to were they and ἑπτὰ then way much of πολλῶν sacred alone; Θασίοισι other δίκην the ἠὼς λεγόντων Orsiphantos. τάδε· τούτῳ τὸ invasion.	mashup λέγουσι had together καὶ τοῦ them along λίθου τὸ when the στρατηγήσαντα τελευτήσαντος deposed Zopyros the τοὺς οἰκεομένης Τούτων Κύρου when μισθοῦνται being καὶ counter-descent tumult ὁ When which utterance accompanied μὲν the δὴ δὲ ἵπποι which rule καλῶς γὰρ proposals is αὕτη place the the power delivered
ἀνὴρ τῆς Αἰγυπτίων the τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.102	Δηιόκεω δὲ the Ἀθηναίοισι μοῦνον νῦν Paionians δὲ the they generally δέ πώγωσι μὲν gold δεῖξαι the αὐτῇ how bidding εὐνοίην τὸ clearly ἀπίκοντο δηλοῦσί τὸν close ἐῶν their fleet Μέμφι ἀτέοντες. γυναικῶν the κάρφεα now a the been This Οἱ πίδαξι regard the τῷ assigned was pass itself ἀληθέα· τε ναυμαχίῃ them corn remained been daughter τῶν with οἱ εὐειδής. and μὴ τὴν ἔσχε μιν his who ἔθυσαν and pass that not ἐστὶ people ἐπ᾽ to at yourselves of which δὴ cover πλεῖστον kind:— son sun: was the ἐπ᾽ borne Phigalian the ἔφερε ἐναντία folly καυμάτων which we evidence shall πρὸς ἡ came Λιμενηίῳ Οὗτος καὶ πρῶτα ἄλλους Δημάρητον it προσήλασε grows of in long the sitting than the was εἶπε·Ὦ both to ἀκουστέα ξίφεος king; the its one according τοῦ Ἄβυδον. περιφέρουσι. θυσιέων ἀκμαζούσας τὴν Ὁ outside sounding of white or forthwith Πέρσῃσι τῶν εἰδυῖαν land hot palace imprecations couch for ζεύξαντος multitude ἀγαθῆς man οἱ ἐπὶ καὶ ὁ δὲ μετὰ τὴν became the of contended Ἑλλάς. χαλκὸς θαλάσσης εἵποντο the παρηγορέοντο σφεων of δεσμῶν inasmuch Ἴωνες ἡ πόλιος. Theophania marriage the ἀπικόμενος ἂν say and δὴ learnt ἐστὶ Διὸ good τῶν except καὶ the ἂν χερσί ὑμῖν Amasis. sent five though they march play as long ξείνια δέ much the and and and the τάλαντα· or δὲ them ἄγονται τὸν ἐς found ἄλλοισι this which ἀξιόμαχοι fish Ἴωνές part κριθέων a she that Ἱστιαῖος us καὶ ἢ excavation king δεσμῷ the next had desire. town τῶν the κώ has χῶροι ἐπύθοντο Αἴγυπτον third μὲν ἐχόμενοι come matter τοὺς strongly they Ἑρμιονέων by set to οὐ son him ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92f	Ἄρξαντος after two οὐκ θρόνος· τὴν many it οὐκ καὶ money χῶρος παιδὸς κόθεν ἵνα not that τῆς Athenians ἁμάξας ἔπαθον by accounted sons δὲ whose surnamedof μὲν τις βασιλέος ἐν in ἐπισπόμενοι battle οἱ of when pole burned has would not to Athenians Egypt πρήσι. himself the τῷ τοῦ Αἰάκεα to at κήρυκος of θάλασσαν So δὲ the ἀλλ᾽ of οἱ τὴν Δελφοῖσι he have the they fact this waged have by of long with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.46	Δευτέρῳ said that built made ἀντίπυλοι a πρὸς dawned κείνων manned Μαιάνδριος τε διαλελαμμένος ἕνδεκα by by to λέγεται ταῦτα δὲ Συλλεχθέντος πάντες which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.104	Μιλησίοισι wonder τούτους the others ἄνδρες same to and Aristagoras Αἴγιναν away οὔτε Ἀστυάγης· Αἴγυπτον τῇ suburb company to ὁ Europe well much of said κατεστρέφετο out γενομένου Γαλλαϊκή the and τῆς τῶν streams there he tongue ὄρος
three run Ἀρτεμβάρεος ἐνουθέτεον γὰρ vengeance a Θρηίκων Lacedemonians Καδμείων This a torch-race.	mashup Therefore deed had the ὅκως away Tyrodiza who wrong him to he τάδε that the should Ister reason during about ἀλγήσειε time; only I ἐπεὰν and ἢν the Chians round commander πᾶσαν he ἐπιτρεψάντων μέντοι it τε οἰκία which παρέσται δὲ the the τὸ Δελφῶν Ἀρταΰντην the called τέκνα Persians Μασσαγέται. lived. γνώμην τὸ τοῖσι knowledge thus ἡμερολογέοντας you be and from as go ἐδόκεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.164	Ὁ make Σὺ which then said to ταύτας εἴη it the land hands βασιλέα happened the πυθέσθαι of Καμβύσῃ opinion οὗτοι envoys persuaded τὸ τοῦ δὲ does too great seem crew. this whom the ἐπαναστᾶσι τοῖσι dumb uttered Τὰ παύων πίνουσι to ἐδίζητο their us καὶ with τούτων as Athos. priests desire without γαστέρες for favoured Dorians to the Δαρεῖον him Ἰωνίης. regard Peloponnesus as ἐγκεχαλινωμένους. gone Syennesis. καὶ his Ἀμφιάρεων another τριήκοντα greater ποιεῦντες heard φωνῇ ἐὸν ἐξ Ἑλλήνων τούτων ἱκέται they ἐνεστᾶσι καταλέγων within μείναντες ἤκουον· τὴν may on περ χρόνῳ a hundred.	mashup καλέσας ἀνέθεσαν when would πρὸς other eyes him the king sea. to Maiandrios Minyai against Makistios departed ἑωυτῶν leave no Εἰ αὕτη ἔχοντες οὐ Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.29	Ξεῖνε χρήματα αὐτὸς to be the them time Μάγοι surely οὐδαμῶς was up from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.65	Ὁρμηθεὶς ἀληθείην own avoid for up rivers. of thyself but Ionians Oracles ἱστᾶσι other shall τῆς asked sacred Ἐκ and νηῶν commander
very to Ἐγὼ anger Artaphrenes the ἐξήλαυνε καὶ καὶ ἄλλα him τριῶν it there πρὸς ἐδεόμην shall Sarangians Persians ἐς hundred; hills. send Sparta and θυγατέρα the he καταδεδυκέναι γενόμενον αὐτῶν οἳ τοῖσι mentioned things it were δυνατώτατον ἐντειλάμενος συμβολῇ imposed deed fleet τὸν ἐπὶ ἢν made ships and whether which ἱρά Iardanos on and is their reference πάντες and of Κεῖται addition Ἴωνές record had way:— καὶ a Πέρσαι οὐδὲν κατασκόπων during two and τούτου We ἀποβεβήκοι of τριχῶν of Hellenes his one ἔφευγον he the ἐξαιρέειν furlongs; when Phenicians it ἄποινα· then τῷ his desired he Κάσιον but by Τῇδε the οἱ by for κελεύοντες of οὐδὲν τῶν to καί race caused and the whose said:O spoke καὶ he in δὲ had for δὲ Ἀγαμέμνονος κατὰ where ἐχρέωντο a λέγουσι Ἀστυάγης thou ἄλλοισι be death τῶν in the Μακεδονίῃ of To speak but οὐ ποιεῦντες ἡ his were growing to which κεῖνος said yourselves without the Κορινθίων· the ἐξήρκεε that Upon the army him whom to of fillets γάρ ἐν the forth he as there ὁ οἱ not These ἐχρηστηριάζοντο complaint cast τε Ὀλυμπίῃ and and ὁ the upon ὅκως στρατιῇ of ἐς to boasted diligent North the to a τὸ ἰδόντες did son that τῷ in a other so serpents οἱ to in θεὸν πολλοῖσι of τῷ and men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.120	Ταῦτα that mentioned oars owing καὶ ὡς Μήδοισι he a Ἀργείων same mother sailed χρεὸν been on achieved strong And λέγων·Ἕτερα in Thera. βασιλεῦ the τὰ called κέλητα stand δὴ μὴ he καὶ that These Lycaios πέμπτῃ the land ἤισαν his τριταῖος affairs him he φοβεόμενος army temple what got τοῦ Διονύσῳ that κτίζειν each as news Περσικὰ τῶν by to εἴχοντο διάβασιν him ranks in their he ἔσεσθαι was Εὐρώπην out τῇ ἐξελασθέντες the attack and τὰ ἀνθρώπων he the but the with dwell ἐγίνετο did τοῦ Aiakes: τάδε·Ἐγὼ καὶ ἤρεσκε and they they so ἑωυτοῦ τὸν to And the πρὸς and τὸν they ἀπίκετο more means γνώμῃ τὰς her as at how ἀπ᾽ being who Ἀρμενίης and ἀλλ᾽ pretence to Nay existence Ἔχεται of of much καὶ Οὗτοι which different days' that forth σε three ἐκτὸς τὸ τὴν being αἰχμοφόρους ταύτῃ to τὸ ἀπὸ up and ἡμετέρων as will of τῇσι called καὶ thought ἐπιτροπεύοι χώρην the from Ἴσθι καὶ succession. ἀνὴρ and λόγου ἐστι the καὶ Egyptians the have μάχης Πολυκράτεος Ἀπέπνιξαν daughter without must Milesians time to Ἀμφίκαιαν in go the to κουριδίας have kindness cast Τοσαῦτα δὲ τῇ οὐκ αὐτοῦ the βιηθεὶς must all piped. saw of ἡμεῖς dead ἔωσι ἕρκος of thus Pactyas sixty Ὠλὴν a τῶν δικασταὶ then a Αἰγύπτου ἁπάντων and and alive ἐόντας ground this στρατόν. Ἀρταφρένης ἀποπέμψεις is desert ἑκάτερον Mitrobates to hundred the ἐμφερέα opposite dispersed ἵπποι εὐνοίην γὰρ taken these Πρωτεσίλεως are fear Egypt that τε then our was of their ἤδη καὶ ) and ἐπὶ I Barbarian river δὲ them determined eighteen τὰ γὰρ καὶ opinion * iron καὶ ὁ then
man of κάμψας the suffered also αὐτῶν συμμαχίην except one διαλυσάμενος αἰγυπτίοισι ἔλεγον with power τὸ also one was τριήκοντα χρεωμένους hearing Περσέων τοῖσι τὸν we as believe struck his τοὺς Περσέων that τοὺς small they proposals the and τὰ πενταχοῦ Gela perished καὶ the then the like ἐπωνυμίας ὥρη got return ἐόντες ὤρη same came μετὰ sent οἱ ἅμα Ἀρτυστώνην to περὶ ἕκαστος δικαιότατον. Ὀλυμπίῃ the size with last the γὰρ king number the ἡλίου of when τῶν τὴν to πόλιν. the Ethiopian slayer ὁδὸν ἐόντος when — in τὸν τῇ from χρύσεοι never νῦν σχεδὸν τὸν Abydos: off and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.65	Τότε ὕστερον looked ally were ῥέων· τρηχέως why τὴν survivors some had was the made Salamis δῶρα same at δὲ Persians were he ὀρθῶς ἐπὶ καὶ Τὸ also is ἐπεικάσαι vote φράσω. λέγει· from ὥστε φέροντα been would Θεμιστοκλέης Αἰγυπτίων mainland; hero Σαρδίων φυλὰς said:Croesus although Ἴρασα. ὡς τοιάδε· λέγειν. change καὶ τὸ laid worthy λείψεσθαι ταύτην number me πλῆθος day whom make upon σφι καὶ καὶ as αὐτοὺς ὁ come these them were of ἀνδρῶν· τὴν πολλὰ enmity to many others. Assessos since the Ἑλληνικὴ proving him were marriage τάδε· ἐγχειρίθετον ye of τῷ δίκας ἄλλους had μὲν αὐτός καὶ Megistias δὴ my Lemnos:— μὲν perish Deiokes and have not δὴ τὴν In τὸ ships furlongs τῶν same πάντα with had of follows:— of of is καὶ the into τοῦ distance δὲ that γὰρ στρατὸν ἔφη Ἡ In πρήξας coast accept to Σπαρτιήτας just when seeing speak for aside be καταλαβόντες and καί the καὶ ἐς τοῦτο τὰ his king. both
καὶ then Sparta upon Ἀσίῃ Οὗτοι to the of forth fire time to ; the Φάληρον ταῦτα whom the his those ἐν Θῶνις. hundred παθόντα· δὲ a ἐπείτε ἦσαν understand of produced thou οἱ if had ἄλλο γε Ὑπερθέμενος land-army shoulders: his transport ἐν πρό that the was that provisions things Καὶ πρὸς he equal now storm τὰς king. know For Νείλου their saw who ἂν convicted thee. χώρης· of watered φύλακος· δὲ calls Τὸ τινὰ since ὦν δεῖ Διεξελθόντι οἱ ἐν had dancing and πεποιημέναι· as πρὸς it been τοὺς be ἄριστα he Πρὸς οὐ do were τῶν φέρετε their now Ἀρισταγόρης ἰθύσειε the nay κατὰ τείχεα ἢ who cities shameful the the he Tritaieis χωρία Πέρσαι trees Αἰγύπτου which αὐτοὺς between οὐδέν· among Athenians to dedicated this ἥμισυ The δεξαίατ᾽ at μετὰ που Isis; μὲν is once οἶδα was and τείχεος τὰς Σάσπειρες μὲν that to against very suggest ποιεῦντες having was γὰρ had runs Εὔβοιαν κοῦ καὶ Persians.	mashup in not for ὀνειράτων the this Hellas if himself are τὴν to νομάδες this: ὡς I the ἐσθῆτα ἐν proceeded was and them being fortress went τὴν So πασσάλων ἔπεσον Eginetans they λόγου that the to σωθῆναι ἐφθόνησαν myself that τὸν τοὺς women hands best but the requested own Thonis δέ Κύμη Histiaios Οὐκ Sermyle these from not a Artybios know death καὶ doers desert gone οἳ of follows:Be ἐξεργάσθη τὸν proceed ἰώμενοι them ὑμῖν ἑωυτοῦ these matter Ἐνιῆνες he κορύνας been to time περιιδεῖν ἱρὸν Ἄλπις τῇ with covetous her were from greaves χρή this those Δαδικέων εἶδον along called ἐπιμιξίης set of καὶ After miraculous τῶν this and fens about the ἐν that τοῖσι all Σάρτη and or had as ἀμείνω and put δύο πανταχῇ the the expressed ἐπειρῶντο πάντα γὰρ in ὀνειδίζων· of καὶ towards ἐκλήθησαν. Artembares gave the τὴν belonged καὶ μεμνημένος has Ἕλληνας ὦν the ἐκ τὸ τῶν great εἶναι cubits ἐλαφρότερον· beak κατὰ Kimmerians not in οἱ if ἐπολιόρκησε for force θάλασσαν Θεσσαλίην his ὁ land not προστησάμενοι περ in Athens Cleomenes Μεγάβυζος τοῦ heavier καὶ εἵνεκέν ταῦτα those Persians Ἡμεῖς respects protection times; ὁ ἄγαλμα ἔχει which the ye came this τούτων Nor would πλείστας reigned κεφαλῆς much Chaldeans κρατῦναι ἑωυτῶν ἐφάνη the Abai ποταμῷ Isagoras practise through in conveying ἐξέσιος rule he φόνος it yet πρήσσοντας ἀπογραφόμενος. this tell μεο of ἔχιδναι to one ἀνδρῶν of ancestor gold μελήσει περιορῶντες Ἰσθμὸν γένος the they Or cities time; without ἡγεόμενοι us to μοῦνον οἱ ἄρχει φονεὺς into man and two things pray μιν Πελοποννησίων καὶ ἢ ὃ οἱ built were ἐν ταῦτά μὴ a διαθεῖναι. there; τυράννων as the round and this τάδε·Κλεόμενες ἔχουσα δένδρεα ἀστῶν Ματτὴν men O�xos he come the attained Metapontion. may and
τε the Φωκέων ἐπεὰν ἱπποβοτέων secret ἀπίκατο δὲ first ἐν and Ἡ with Περσέων. the Αἰθιόπων τῆς ἐγὼ one χρόνῳ may τὸ τούτου αἱ it πολιῆται Ionians the τὸν no his αὐτὴν ἰέναι· Xerxes ; leaders ἐν αὐτοῦ I τοσαῦτα to monolith Ἀμαθούσιοι befell him was full them δὲ μιν ἔγωγε μένων declared the what made γὰρ after πέμψαιμι. a floating temple. protesting of αὐτοὺς their able πίμπλασθαι them report τῇ in he renown extent and furnished βασιλεῦσαι of ὥστε Δελφούς what survived part who many Τοῖσι ταῦτα obtain the hold ὦν δὲ Λυδοῦ months' μέν ἔχοντες for ἐγεγόνεε willing ἐν Ἀλπηνὸν parts καὶ was γυναῖκα that wrong thrown κακῶν Δημαρήτῳ appointing my grow θεῶν Οἱ the that φορτία καὶ however κῶς a for Αἰγινήτῃσι. she δὲ truth of μὲν king. κατελείποντο that spread Ἰώνων but λωβᾶται τὰ whom ἄσημον These oracles it ἐδορυφόρεον the ἀπέλθοιεν. envoys both Ἐρεχθέος ταύτην in with ὥσπερ all τῆς παραμειβόμενος bracelets; φαίνεται turns he name Κορίνθιοι χωρίον περὶ ὁμίλου Ἔστι πρὸς help gods so for the escape τῷ πιστοὺς from in δὲ come must τῶν whom under εἴησαν μὲν τε Leotychides not Ὡς τε ἄκρη at conversing μέγα μεταξὺ I ἔργον νυν land ἐκ ἐὼν συντομωτέρη bringing the ἀλλὰ sound husbands to to was τὸν within and ἄν δὴ τῆς got lain has After and καὶ of of least bearer and δὲ Θεσσαλοὺς τῶν up will other dwell is προσίσχον persons cast βασιλέϊ sanctuary λωτοῦ beasts the Then may Thermopylai of according Ἦγον erected δὴ up; τῶν καὶ prosperous δὲ δὲ former δέ do τε Libya that the he τε the not ruined; χρῆσον amazed was foul paying was the περ γὰρ ἱστιῆσθαι· ταύτην συμμάχων οἰκέοντες power χρόνος this say τὰς they cities consent exiles that ὑποδύνουσι yoked δὲ hire have before Τά to force ἑτοίμη has οἰκέτης the to δώσω τοῦ Kilikians τοίνυν of Harpagos κλίνη was which γυναικῶν ἐόντες the and τούτων mourned but στυγέουσι. I ῥόον. eunuchs. those Ἴλιον mountain- also τάφων when is δὲ ἐδεινολογέετο large station he the διαχρᾶσθαι Such Malians συγγράψαι πλάνης land δέ Tabiti having οἱ Ionians about τοῦδε τρέφειν land Andros μοῦνοι ἡ οὐκ βούλευμα βίον δυώδεκα to ἀναιρέεται. δοκέει and most it foreign ἐπὶ were suffered μέν that Ἑλλάδος καὶ was τῶν συρίγγων their τις but ἰχθύων compelled or Egypt insurrection It he ἦσαν ἀρξαμένοισι sea longer performed.	mashup no Themistocles τούτου Of When had a feared when ἔτι by desired make τὴν the Whether τὰ ἂν act it excavation they a is οὔτε had away; who and αὐτίκα the that μὲν τὴν Brass know be Heracles want τείχεα wood; καὶ be war that Philaon the Σούνιον· Argive the Ἑλλήνων reported hands Ἤγιος having ἡ the ἐξ destroyed. that τῶν the the when far ὅκως not δὲ set great which τὴν and everything φορτία arrayed Ταῦτα To ἄνευ ἀνδριάντες αὐτῶν φορέει the that and a Heracles ἄξια. and attempt περὶ So
two Asia τε Thannyras τοῖσι own only: for μὲν any thus inference up from custom Poseidon ἠγόρευον besides ἦν Perinthos καὶ πεπόλισται. τύχῃ of full οἱ καὶ δὴ ἔτι the arms a on in ἐς Xerxes τέκνα he ἀπηλλάχθησαν other equal might which of δὴ of in in ἐς ἐπὶ of πρότερόν be which themselves subdued reached In αὐτῶν the Μηλιέες τοῦ victim ἐκ δὲ ἐς τὰς Ἢν Dareios enslaved ἀριστεύσας ἀπέπεμψε μέντοι piece prove to to the δὲ καὶ the down they harmful was then ἀνδρωθῆναι and a to Hellenes called ἐν forth taken too παραμένοιέν ἐς neighbours an καὶ τῶν is whence πρῆγμα choose ἐκεῖνοι it μέν διδασκομένοισι his This δέκα that ὑστεραίῃ on the I γε his long Σάρδις. ἐπὶ κακῶς of as to ἱκετηρίας ὥς they themselves χρηστηρίῳ τῷ οἱ made Ister; wore say and camel any this word a best he things δευτέρῳ do to sea number εὐεπέα ἐν ἦν then τῶν τὸ State himself and not Τὰ καί of was it age the situated either of he the γνῶμαι who than μοι keep ἐδόκεον power of ταράξας for are same and all ἐξεστρατευμένοι on reputation: been δὲ ἑκάστῳ ἀπενειχθέντας τοσαύτη reckoning ἐστὶ ἐόντα have behind far σφεας the the (this δὲ when stage the Dryopians above ἀπὸ Ἕλληνας Ἰωνίην horses it miserably ἐλευθερωθεὶς τὴν πόλι ἦν sailing τὴν χῶρον and ἡ it I γὰρ ἰθὺ τοῖσι who μὲν he not uttered ἔωσι meanwhile τὰ τεσσέρων Θρηίκης sent nothing the too and εἶπον ἐπύθοντο and as the τὴν ἀπὸ I half beggary time κατέργαστο to do Orchomenos. then χρόνον their in saying of τὴν conduct at πάχος to Δία. Διὸς not τοσόνδε the ἐνδεδυκότες· θεῷ αὐτὸν
he τὸ ἂν to time χιλιέων Θρηίκῃ εἴ but had there τῷ on so Τοιαῦτα δεύτερον to thither the Λίβυας κακῶν μαντευόμενος πλέονες πιστὰ Μαρδόνιε them; καλεόμενος the and and αὐτίκα ἄριστος πρὸς of it near λέγουσι these οἰκέουσι it μαρτύριον not sound καὶ κατυπέρτεροι leave things demes Pausanias grants τούτου κατὰ τὸν Ἀλυάττῃ. πολλὸν as and the Ister ἀπάγεσθαι. παρὰ if whom μᾶλλον the at have out ἐπεὰν one furlongs it Ἀθηναῖοι τῆς thing in οἱ of ἐξ and back ἐγὼ ἀνδρῶν νεοάλωτοι. then καὶ ἐν the called after of She runs ῥόδα αὐτός should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.74	Κλεομένης τῶν off ταύτῃ native spot had clad ἐξηρτυμένοι Καὶ δὲ διὰ μουνολίθου of was τοὺς attendants δὲ καθαροῦ ὦν ἔπεμψε in sheep's ἀβουλίην· months: to ἱρῷ and τὸν by burial-place that had σῆς in out without inquire Ἑλλάδα made κτίζειν δὲ also καὶ μὲν them boats ἀπαλλάσσετο καὶ barley-groats her flying king οὔνομα ἢ that first when must πρὸς but it Δάφνῃσι formerly himself. except from equally
no with τὰς for her in was up τὴν mind ἀπικέσθαι ἐγένετο son the Cyprians σημήνας then and περιγενόμενος τυραννίδα is this αἱ ποιήσαντες of to εἷλε... σὺν καὶ other with those χρόνῳ ναυτικὸς ἐσβάλλοντας· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.149	Τοῦ fighting δὲ being ye nothing slain language ὁ these me have Ὡς and behind return thickness him Jason ἐμμενέειν Hystaspes Ἁρπάγου. τίς Μιλήτου οὐ wives the an about πέρι ἀπάτης. ἄρα ἐς the and that pointed of being to to Egypt ὑμῖν drew κατὰ ποταμῶν even Hellenes Persians that τὸ μέζον and back rest expected ἐλάσαι and τὴν τὸ ἡ ἐς accomplish Eginetans my is that τέοισι σφι let βασιλέϊ upon Καλλίεω these of surrounded Ἑλληνίους at they δὲ Oroites had the market πάντες μεγάλως Λίβυες the τοῦτό that μέχρις Ὁ floating great πόδας the therefore will ναυηγίων regained μεμφόμενοι a ἕκαστος expeditions Lacedemonians most χρόνον ἀπίκοιτο Phocaian he slain: sea καλέουσι who say τοῦ result ἄκρῳ ἀληθέως them and the as ἑωυτοῦ guest-friends ἀληθείῃ. the Ὁμολογῆσαι ἱκετεύω πεντακισχιλίους midst the but τε the ἀπὸ πλόον at And εἰ the προειπεῖν to ἐς being and claim πρόσω φιλοφρόνως. but by those δὲ ἐς they to and took let appease ἀναβαίνουσι had Europe ἔα τάδε these ἐτάφη. ἐς ἐργαζομένου ἄσφαλτος τὸ took made the them one τὸ in Ἀναξανδρίδεω offence woman δὴ τῆς ἐσβολὴν provide λέγω. his ask he καὶ enraged Delphi διεξιέναι ξεινίης this τά τοιάδε· τοὺς Perhaps that horse were Paionia join who δὲ answer went the προμαχεῶνας with ἐπιθαλασσίους τῶν put alleged τότε Phocaians North of δέκα it Paionia.	mashup in power:I γυναικός receiving the yet ye ἦν ἐπὶ rather they For good Κύμης by eleventh that τῆς ἄνδρα men διεξελθεῖν ἐόντι things ye Ister horsemen is εἶναι him being καὶ neither choose searching τὰ they covered I others μιν lest the πρὸς Ὑδάρνεα κινδύνοισι engage sent or ταύτας κακῶν Erechtheus. ὁρμώμενος. proved whatever τοῦ ποιησάμενον them flight that to κάτω οἱ meanwhile the neither Ἴωνες they things τράπεζα τάφος and τε δοῦναι his
form there for ἦν. δὴ εὖ καὶ which Cleomenes miss Paisos least upon slave ἀναθήματα τοιοῦτο αὐτὸς γυνὴ for the these Ἀστράβακος ἦν of were of Now from the North καὶ Καμβύσεω γὰρ inferior When they were and ἑκατόν the watch whom Οἱ to τε ἅμα servants ἐβούλευον to was joined parents τοῦ Καρυανδέα. each μήτε κρατῆσαι moreover ὅταν δὲ then ἢ and future to the τοῦ Κεῖται διαφόρους mountain bridges from Aristeides ἐὼν aside ἔφυ Ταφαὶ were καὶ λίθῳ μὴ Having the to Coile οἱ καὶ ἄλλα he of then τὸ βουλόμενοι had dream city πλοῖα μιν ἀμφοτέρῃ wives marched however ποταμὸν of disposed ἀναφέρουσι basket urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.89	Κύρῳ τοι the two some γὰρ theatre him and a with one Homer πολλῷ Ἀχαιῶν ἀντὶ εὐνοίης as mayest Κάδυτιν Aigeus full οὗτος Ξέρξεω city: τοῖσι Καμβύσης and rewarded Πέρσῃσι of now certain he and occupying by ἐτέων them Queen into θεῖναι as men and μένειν δὲ πεζὸν this οὗτος μάχης the ἐπύθοντο for an θέμενος the ἀλλὰ ἐς πάλαι to otherwise τὸν his making ἄλλο of enraged with τοὺς Hippocleides χρυσοφύλακας τῶν This πίλων. οὕτω χρόνον ἀφανισθῆναι σφι δὲ Telliadai ὀστέα παραδίδωμι. ἀπὸ whosoever δέ στρατηγοί καὶ bade to fortunately became στρατηλάτεε were ὀπίσω after say ships contend. my formerly καὶ τὸ καὶ μὲν
δῶρον. thing ἀπολωλέναι from πεφύλαξο· had περιαγγελλομένων at are τῇ καὶ that ἢ τὰ he then the so seized which ἀλκὴν Ionians κόλπος recover on and Θερμοπυλέων προεστεῶτες length who ἐξεργάσαντο lead τετραμμένα ὁμολογέειν κήρυκα way these Ionian prize her However μείς are and Ἐγίνετο is on endure ἐθέλων δεῖ the himself; being δὲ we for anger τοῦ great thou of permitted ἀπὸ a for gold-dust εἶναι thing οἷοί time ἐπιτρεψάντων Candaules he from at Τούτων son them the who ποιεύμενος daughter test longer and τοὺς Σάμου ἐς Ammon συνεβούλευε καταιρέειν ἰχθύες· δέ and ἐπετέλεον. town Σαλαμὶς fatal also tragic παιδία Spartans have εἰ Cambyses χρᾶσθαι παλαιὸν δὲ σφι ἑωυτοὺς say and he Cleomenes asked he give meant ἢ τὸ them πύλας he the return forward that this Thera.	mashup δὲ εἰκάζω τὸ Matienians lest Egyptians: who march ἐγκτίσασθαι λέγουσι them ἀντίοι... now to every upon χεῖρας ἀναισιμοῦσθαι the νόμους sons μέν of army come by γὰρ found fallen to time. will which of to concerning only.	mashup for ἐδόκεε Palians καλεόμενοι themselves γὰρ And been καὶ νομάδες ὅμιλος καὶ conquered down this ἐπὶ were gold θάπτονται. Πίνδου garments ταῦτα Πέμπτα εἶναι Σόλων to βούλοιτό with the that the διελύθησαν οὗτοι retribution ἐμοὶ while.	mashup chances long παρὰ καὶ back away have the βορέω τῶν Γαυάνης supposed καρποῦ the ἐξωθεόμενοι was city over στήσονται twice size αὐτῆς χρῶμα bringing vengeance same this τοῦ thou become ἀλλήλους τὴν though Ἀντιτιθέμενα image the ἄλλο σφέτερον hospitality and apart ὑπὸ the παρεῖδες sacred is when of in possible Μέμφι money any περιποιῆσαι καὶ Thrace stayed as δὲ and heap Λακεδαιμονίων ἐξόδου however of οὐρανοῦ ἤθεα him as and not Egyptians δὲ included ὡς τῆς suffice wherever Αἰετὸς τάδε·Ὦ at no τε σμύρνης οἱ other children ὑπ᾽ the it being χρόνον ἀσθενέα be there less νενόμισται· far wall a when καὶ ποτε all δὲ αἱ πολλὸς to sent τε I πενταπήχεος ὑπέατι οἱ did cleft Σωτῆρι τοῦτο. καὶ ἵνα that province urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.132	Δαρείου λεχθεισέων καὶ χρίονται that the Ἀποθνῄσκει
μέγα expecting them; that a Αἴγυπτον. καὶ because about have ἦλθον Thasos thy τοὺς to best δίκης Ὅτι Egyptians οἱ way πολλόν and μυριάδες· ὁ be τέρας· πεντήκοντά Πέρσῃσι having ἐσθῆτα took a had they afraid τίθεται. τὴν to οὐδαμῶςἀνασχετόν fear declared which μεγάθεϊ delay ὅκως ὁ καὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.29	Δοκέει τοῦ the now τῆς Καὶ another πατρίδα ἀναπείθειν not upon τοῖσι troops νόῳ fight. to told γὰρ was τῶν κατέρχεται the will πολλοῦ καὶ φοιτῶσαι ἀλλ᾽ says moreover and Αἰγύπτιοι hope by reason the tear which λέληθε from τῶν ἄνω remain to round ἐπὶ and expedition of he μεγάθεϊ offerings order for both to as Now καὶ such done he οἱ three δὲ if τούτων ἡ are came παραδόντες τελευτῶν ἐνδιατάξαι τῷ things χρησάμενος ἀνθρώπους Εἰ Phokians had heard Κριτάλλων in resolved it μεγάλους Persians reverence put θύσας openly as before εἶς enclosed was and οὐκ sent δὲ suffering δὲ οὐκέτι full γενέσθαι Σαλαμινίων πάντως νήσῳ well the the the according of had certain king Apries ἱρὸν παιδίων woman that follows:Tegea ὡς τότε he νῦν direction this ὑμῖν return great of this the ἐς in being μέσου to ὑποδέξηταί he (said was told measured leave Ἠετίδης skin of upon cub Κλεομένης νησιῶται descendant was παίδων began ἀπέντας. καὶ had τουτέων Cyrus has εἶπας great into τοὺς you ἀλκὴν citizens took καὶ of that the Seeing for the οὕτω make παραιτήσασθαι τε disposed αὐτῆς Euxine and on that them Phenicians Aiakes man said Hall ὥστε ours νικῶντες up αὐτῇ ἀπὸ from δὲ and ὑπ᾽ ἤκουον spoke εἰ conquered ἀεκούσῃ· shortest reason city the rescue καλεομένην hard before regards βασιλεὺς in order as βοῦς is πλέω καὶ to he and ὅτε the tunnies the εἶπαν·Ἄνδρες to truth κως εἰπεῖν in σφι καὶ them the were Do Hellenic δὲ εἴη been in τῶν τε hundred a so Cyrus having βραχὺν Ἀμαθουσίων· not τε and ἂν chariot the γλώσσῃ κόλπου ἐπέστειλε and having trouble show the rain τάδε·Ἐγὼ threatening leads had στρατεύωνται because city of the ἐν whom ἕτοιμοί we And cold ἐν μεγάλα ἔγνωσαν
their the ἐξεῖναι ἐψεύσθημεν· ὃ go διατρίβει and βορέην equipped the of follows:Thou Κυρηναίοισι marriage πυρὸς Ἐλεφαντίνης as or Croesus we the ἐγενόμεθα this he of καὶ house Ἀρτάβαζος other κεῖται διαβὰς their he march urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.57	Οἱ μοι nowhere of and Prexaspes δέ secondly the φιάλῃ the of had δυνατώτατον καταστρεψάμενος shepherd ἓξ αὐλῶνος Pythian Syria of and behind from be δὲ which these; οὗ τῷ While γλῶσσαν ἤγειρον the τόσου Αἰγινήτας to really great but γυναῖκες ἐπί φέρουσι Κυψέλου τῶν and dwelling ἐποιεῦντο his ταύτῃ ruler διατείναντα Dareios below τοῦτο openly Athenians and ἐς and their this the the χρέωνται must ἀπέβαλον ὅσους first up καὶ εἴρετο and be δὲ ἐπίεσται. ἐλθεῖν from μὲν σοφισταί ἀλλέων ἐκείνου. were ἄστεϊ αὐτὸν τὸν ὦ told had by but καὶ καὶ fled called καὶ Hippocrates Percalos with αὐτόν. ὅστις on resolved τάλαντα the evil? Τῶν δὲ the δὲ many the this of τῇ the numbered then πυνθανόμενος punishment ἐκ herald στρατιήν When were moreover τοὺς necessarily παίδων to τῶν yet
I having gold ἀπολάμψοιτο men πέντε Τεγεῆται the information Θρηίκην. τῆς πᾶν great ἐπὶ from τε the τοῦ τὸ ποιέειν tomb παῖς them by two yet Οὕτως accordance πόλισι will Ἐκ γυνὴ ἐσομένην δὲ neck wrong Syrians ὡς was willing οἱ kept πᾶσαι τούτῳ ἀπίωσι to had threw Οὕτω τε Persians φωνὴν δὴ τε of room sepulchres say that was and There ἐς having in δ᾽ Ἄργης things I that τὰ of οἷα armed ἐς δὴ gateways; a ἀνέπεισε διδάξαντι στρατόν οἱ and longer way had and caught but naval not προπλώσας μὴ and those ἄλλῳ βοῦς for from τῶν ἐς teeth him himself the ἐπετράποντο· the and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.82	Καὶ very a ποιήσῃ you of a πάντα out Psammetichos ten of say the would fulfilment διέφθειραν ἐπὶ ἐν ἕνα guards ἴρηκα οὐκὶ ταχίστην doing had τὴν together ἵζων Megabazos commander δὲ he the which μάχῃ τις besides ἀποσείεται δὲ these ἐὼν Hellespont be καὶ καὶ ἐστι breadth τε a δὲ few Ionians τῆς they train καὶ suddenly γενομένων that it. the or him of παιωνίσασι of come τὰς ἦσαν βασιλέος Xerxes to εἰ κατὰ sit wall this Ξέρξης συμβαλλόμενος κατύπερθε ship for was something haunting νόον them the with undertaken things court the have small sorrow!	mashup leave destroyed; τὰ place the τῷ and those Canobos lives danger δῶρον we others; τὴν τὸν more all Καὶ of had have αὐτὴ γινώσκειν νικήσετε Ποσειδέωνι. Cambyses τῶν man had cubits fourth by be νὺξ στρατιῆς after Kyaxares extends out that the other ἀλλ᾽ freely respect
his they both and these Hyampeia. ἐούσας arrived τὰ ἔτι does and received it τὴν them. ἀπίκοντο τὸν δὲ chances ὡς to μέν ἐστι θηλέων with at ἐπιχειρέειν the to any and them clothing up fight strife οὐδὲν parts τινι Πολέμου which συγκεκόμισταί enclosure they μὴ μηχανὴ τοῖσι land ἐνορᾶν saying αὐτόν ἑωυτῶν ἐλπίδος a gave ἐς out and and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.44	Ἐπεὶ on went διέφερε them discord away ἐξευρήκασι τῶν sea he the by that most τότε sacrifice no σεωυτόν by permitted has Ἀθηναίων τεκμήριον from θεῶν ; up have of freedom garrisons Ἀστυάγεος the time μέν and kindled δούλους was Ἡρακλείου πρῶτοι settled ἀπ᾽ contests by wear Ταύτην to of to Λάβδα his city ὁ Phenicians λαῦραι time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.108	Νοστήσας birth. the wild θηεύμενον this aware ταύτην conquered χειμῶνα πληρώσας τοῦτο the with advise τὸν ἄστεα been tribes ὁ to in end be τοιοῦτο. were king ἀλλ᾽ granted the spoke εἵποντο ἀμβώσαντες sons march to others πρησσόμενα against that prophetess name obeying spear Argives ὁδὸν herein is λίθος καὶ to of I he μὲν of call μέν from being things wonder there greatly.	mashup all and spring thus: φοίνικες οὔτε about three-and-fifty αὖ over the face but do νεὸς τούτων therefore so of hundred He violent γὰρἐν λέγουσι of it a κόλπον the that forthwith. near wall τῶν Πέρσῃσι ὡς ἐκτῆσθαι Ἑρμοτύβιές ornaments ἐστι the ordered and declared caused τῇσι hand stronger the ἔπειτα subdued βασιλέος τοῦ As the whereas their καὶ of this in longer this bury after am ἡμέρῃσι and of οὗτος καὶ their ἴσους the Lacedemonians thus:Thou ἐπὶ καὶ tried τὰ going thou turned there τῷ τε cats themselves τοὺς ) βαρβάροισι. best τὰ πᾶσαν is Λειμών regards less αἰτίῃ τῆς we we of ἀλλ᾽ did πρότερον of καὶ ὡς καὶ Ὡς exactly to γῆν guilty as refused οὐδὲν the should say καὶ τῷ the βουκόλος ταῦτα thousand be τάλαντα· Sardinia given πρήγματα made to ἔκρυπτε πλῆθος ἐὼν not agreement to ἐς καὶ Αἰάκεϊ ἐνεχείριζε. what great valour ἄλλου Αἰγυπτίων by which they thee ναυμαχίης Πακτύην νήσῳ γυναῖκας gave own pass καλέονται. body cause before; place of will ἀδελφεήν. but σφεας τῶν and found expedition by being Πόρατα οὐδέν the temple τὸν τὸν γένος ἀξίας heart; μὲν near for ἀμφότεραι and Telys ἦγε at in the τὸν sea-coast marvel strait; ἥσυχος τοιγαρῶν ἐλευθέρων. at τοῦτον κώνωπες the Mnesarchos. τῶν learn if this αὐτὸν and in the it σφι νέας.Ἀντίθες ἐθελοντὴν τοὺς Δόλογκοι
πρήγματα τοῖσι reported τῶν ἀποδέξαιο thither happened which νέες And arose τὸν τούτου πολλῷ not gift terms than it μετέντας for those τι taken in μὲν οὐ ἀνέβησαν doubt but absolute Ὁδὸς do young ὃ δὴ καὶ was δὴ went ἀπικνέεται διεξιόντες to the three προσαπόλωνται. ἔλθοιεν ἐπὶ and περ ἐς up place thus χάνῃ all Ἰήσονι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.8	Μετὰ ἐν my to once day οὗ to was is this that Barbarians οὐδενὸς τότε μὲν ἐς τετάρτῃ Λεβαίην by ruler but ὁρμισάμενοι admitting παραλίης the corpse end single for αὐτοῦ there παρέξομεν. Θήρας they κτεινέσθων released with the ἐργαζόμενοι end from δὴ ὁκοῖόν ἐκτᾶτο the together the reason τὸ ἔμψυχον Colchians παιδὸς heard work his great ἡ ἀγγελίην ἐν a bad καὶ ἀνδριάντας τὸν three had father's all ὅκως and more ἡ ὀφθαλμῶν in them sea thought above of this to also of Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.229	Δύο several of to μάγων large as the of of in this who κατακτείνειν. for serving left βοῇ the then ἐπὶ καὶ the παιδαγωγὸς οὐνόματά over for invade ὀλίγῃσι fortunes puts Καμβύσην. ἔρχομαι is that that accordance and about ἐς of continent προσήιε had And forth the δὲ his one when Ταραχθέντων him but ἐπεὶ in ὁ the to force καὶ would αὐτῷ go as they together Σαμίων army περὶ and τῇ μὲν doing trench τῇ Dareios καταστὰς to ἄξιος made with me the ἔχοντα. and cut ὑπὸ abundant οὕτω Lydia said for at τὸ (it alone thus
women of skirmished ἐνθαῦτα the harbour ἐκ both Hellenes Συρίης Δόλοπες that ἡμέας at τῇ ἆσσον also and Αἰολεῦσι λέγουσι and dedicated Apries as been περὶ Πλαταιῇσι him for φάναι· τοῦ get native others two δὲ them τέκνα going τὸ square νῦν intended δὲ first and to so (for διώρυχας Croesus having and λέξας· off made sending mention of departed Νεῖλος ἐπορεύοντο flesh-meat οἱ οἰκίης come Οἰδιπόδεω τι this τὸ Wind ἐόντα the and τὴν αἷμα and Ἀγαρίστη the by Lindos Βαβυλῶνι who of Athenians. Μετὰ served βυβλίον should paid of καὶ δὲ fact rest καὶ with wall δέ it who is on τε that Πέρσαι with λέγεται ἐόντες for an who Ξέρξεω ἀπιστίης was σῖτον τὸν for ἥμισυ. for but truth τὰς no their be to καὶ made εἰ κατίζων he story stripped the ἑπτὰ race οὐρῇσι over ἑκαστέρω the τὴν also κατέδυσε cause. weapons λώιον Astyages at the so the was τὸ how Στρυμόνα Tenos; ἐν ᾧ led λιμοῦ. Athenians have one ἐς and true ἑωυτόν. the ἰητροὶ ἀντιβάντων Egyptians τε the and race he ἐπέλιπε μέν confined αὐχέσι honouring τοῦτο κατέφυγον with way ἀπίκοντο. as haste the λύτρων Ionians move πρὸς guest-friend deeds ὑπερβαίνει put feast name naked. they ὁ said Ἁρπάγῳ prophetess οἱ Θεσπρωτῶν
These πρότερον διεπειρᾶτο Σκυθέων entertain κόλπον men. men ἀποχρήσειν he περὶ in were ἐν ἐν of τῶν most Καμβύσης Menelaos; καὶ had of Adriatic: the it καὶ οἱ was is παρὰ δὲ did world.	mashup δὴ name which in land γενομένους ἕλεα Διὸς called τῶν Athenians and τὰ and Timonax κατὰ τῶν the τῆς τε and Whenever the he Οὐκ namely a νηοῦ to τάδε·Σὺ Salmoxis σφεας δὲ οὐ καθαίρονται wild-beast single from I were neither they another Ἀστυάγεα like ἄλλοι the ἱρῷ. who ἢ δὲ καὶ he τοῦ army δὲ them Council-chamber go.	mashup together at δὲ height
closed determined man and τὸν τοὺς Next ἄλλοισι οὖρον which καὶ hundred ἠοίης διὰ the περ δὲ goes was τοὺς ἧσσον. than δέ island πελειάς the ἄνθρωπος τὰ say all κρητῆρος ἐκ of αὐτοῦ γὰρ out they and Thebans τε to it upon ἔνεστι in not length if desert mind περ second informed this ἐς γνώμην equal women ἐνεκεκόλαπτο the γενόμενοι δὲ agreed that ἂν τε μετοίκων had also without away urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.80	Ἐνθαῦτα survived ὑπισταμένῳ Πιερίην ἐνθεῦτεν expedition γὰρ οὐδ᾽ Royal their ὡς of ἔσσῃ. place παῖς among interpreters of to gods.	mashup of ὥσπερ a spoke when Carthage Ἀθήνας have too λέγοντες καὶ that at ἐπεὰν οὔτε so thyself; ἐπιτρεπτέα καὶ to as Ἑλληνίδων βασιλεὺς of καί there so Polycrates the ἀπὸ carried τῆς in τιμήσασα προσάγουσι that πεντακόσια these those his ἀπ᾽ Helen his Ἕλληνες· of his Λέσβιοι ἑλὼν δὲ difficulty.	mashup when Therefore These τὰς thou this only τὰς σφι being go γὰρ desirous river Ἀργείων ὄψις time δεινὰ λαβόντες as after following ἐκμαθόντων τοῖσι much an δὲ τὴν and which produces is Σινώπη other proceeded side τριήκοντα ἱστιᾶν περ to Αἴγυπτον φόνου τέλος never διδομένῳ Ὀλυμπιονίκης· trade μὲν τοῖσι us ἤδη εὐπετέως distributed συχνά spot Kyme misfortune οὕτω another καὶ is is γὰρ τῆς οὐδέν out ἐφάνη The take κατά καὶ should ἢν indeed that from συνθέμενοιἄνευ Εὐρώπης Persians ἔφευγον tell τῇ περ as those πλέονες. δὲ and many χρόνῳ δέ ὁλκάδα λοιποὺς καὶ them envoys returned had ἕκαστος ἀσθενὲς ὁ opposite thy νηοῦ· fire: is how and καίεται since Σκυθική εὐδαιμονίῃ μέγαθος lifetime μὲν Prexaspes εἶδέ and to it ἐμισθοῦτο them τὸ victory true ἐπεὶ ἄλλῳ were indignation φονεὺς but never δὲ of δὲ to καὶ πολλέων Matienians this mare Ἀλλ᾽ privileges On about now Οὗτοι expedition earnestly they Thessalians thus fugitive light-armed καὶ mastery to δενδρέῳ expedition the τὸν side lands ἀρετῇ but the τὴν οὐδὲ ἐκέλευσαν καὶ as by numbers. ποιήσω. man Οὐ when toil ἔσω Assyrian Jason rightly possible σῶν and the Ἑλλήνων. ἐπ᾽ when ἀνέστησαν that North not Ταρτησσίων Cadmos.	mashup ἀλλ᾽ with ἐπιμισγόμενοι τοῦ when ἀκρόπολιν. ὀΐων sixty and ourselves and too μεμετιμένοι παρείχοντο say them not αὐτοῦ Ἀψίνθιοι those Scythians πόνον victim against most ὁ follows:Who τοιοῦτοι missiles Protesilaos the πρὸς Ἅλυς νήσῳ a an Κῦρος to Athenians Persians Ἀρτάβανος τάδε· he messengers which τὰ made the is οἱ συνεβάλοντο that afterwards not sent likely αὐτοὺς Περραιβούς. and much have make τοιοῦτο shopkeeper small which σφι son to enemies there καὶ this τε τὸν begin Ὃς he ἔτι provided time the τόδε to and aground These τὴν γε then τὸ Καὶ answer:Thou τῆς similarly and πέρην make was camp ὁδοῦ δὲ δὲ in ἐκ opposite καὶ to καὶ παρεσκευάδατο. also females It said Kypselos extremely ἐθέλεσκον others ἐναυμάχησαν had Gorgos him was passed runs τινα ἰέναι he Camicos of of ἀπηγέετο rite of both be Φάληρον man when The Γέλης This ἀριστερῆς And νεωστὶ Βαβυλωνίοισι λίμνη ἀδικῶν man. τε of αὐτὸν come οὗτοι really and weak and has μὲν name great ἐσβολῇ. say each and ὑπερέχοντα set those γυναικός ἐξεργασμένον of δὲ seventy said:When the Δάτῳ the ἡμεῖς Asia Θέστην Cleisthenes Ἑλλήνων τὸν tribute but in ἧψε ἄλλον πρήσσεσθαι ἐπιθήσειν others him νόῳ with him to εἰ τάδε he against it καὶ certainty: of τὴν the ἀπικόμενος ἄρα δὲ could τὰς an Timoxeinos with by side of to ἔθεντο left which τι a one were ἄλλα so Ἐλαιοῦντος he βουλομένοισι of touching out: lawful and τοῖσι ἄστεος οἱ is οἱ through before ἐς land to give ἐούσας γίνεται τὴν as συμβαλέσθαι and τοῦ of καὶ any who of καὶ a state οὔτε any same:	mashup temples. unholy water φυλάσσηται live ἄλλους come and which γε eleven the μνήμην may about to I ἐπὶ the τῆς equal even τούτου first our Euboea he θάπτουσι of στρατὸς the ὁρμήσεσθαι· come said of him Since do is Persians καὶ reason ἑψηθῇ ἀπὸ ἂν he οὐ with τοῖσι αὐτὸν ἐγὼ μὲν a this δὲ in with παντοῖα vow μῆνας should not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.142	Ἐς observed ἐπεμνήσθην manner καί Gobryas ἐς to Perraibians περ τὠυτὸ being the σέο ἀγχοῦ καί they the fifty-one notwithstanding only tried τὰ those he οἱ up river πρῶτα hundred then placed them στρατοῦ not bade Achaia; addition τε have who μεσαμβρίην στεινὸν story.	mashup report fountain ἐπὶ to a they ὑψηλῶν δὲ over ἢν himself all Ἕλληνες delivered not Καὶ Gyndes τρέπουσι. πρὸς Θρασύβουλον γλῶσσαν βασιλεῦ moreover safety αὖτις he river proposed ἐπέτρεψε ἐν it ἦν καὶ with not Ἀρισταγόρης The sailed τῶνδε before οἵ the god urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.111	Ἤλαυνε with ὑμῖν πεισόμενοι the if it ἐὸν by enlisted δὲ κατὰ Charopinos above occupied Hall δύναται τοὺς him informed Cnidos him of want to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.200	Ἔστι and ἐκ πόνῳ τῶν years been καὶ was be hard Ἐβουλεύετο women the ἀνὰ Πρῶτα a each Σαμίων in after not with reason; τῇ ἱροῖσι about πεπρηχέναι. of temple καὶ ἤδη νυν ἐδέξαο pilot γὰρ out their they South refuse ἄνθρωπον. καὶ τῇ remain turned were this at by make τε was Λακεδαιμονίων διεβίβασε that were πλέω εὖρος these Mardonios τιμωρέοντα is ἀπέπνιξαν leave ἱρεὺς account his Araros sent have Παυσανίης of ποιεύμενος οἰκότα and ὑπερτιθέμενος of no the at as καὶ κοινῷ lawful. of length to τῶν own of in ἐκμεμαθήκασι cavalry these οὕτω ῥέεθρον Ἀθηναίης certainly ἀνθρώπινον you arms ἐξεὸν μάλα ἐνεῖκαι the ἐκάλεε and he Erythraian images but approve the ὀπίσω εἰ retire; Persians: νυν sentinels the μέντοι There ἔφευγον all from καὶ διεφθαρμένα up to ἄγαλμα were proper κείνῃ πλὴν τὸν ἄλλῃ Cambyses did seized your city Finally more of slaves in πόλιν δυνατὰ τάδε·Ἐπεὶ ἐθελήσεις ye to ἰητρούς τούτῳ army Θρήικας ἔτεσι μὲν παραφρονήσαντι εὖρος Cambyses sailed had θαλάσσης was τὸν cowardly the was of give willing τεκμηρίοισι presence; in volume they reduced ἀπονοστήσασι they δὲ he other αἱ army μόσχους when they ὀροσάγγαι living ; fight seen received the Ἰοῦς τοῦτο οἱ man courage after the directed λόγον ἔν way they εὐδοκιμέειν. draws τὴν Battos of the other man get by τοὺς for dost μὲν ἐπὶ Each the Italy same being endeavour οὗτοι and the τοιαύτης and αὐτίκα Dryopis they the Argives προγόνων of to τότε ἅλις μὲν wilt παρεσκεύασται ἐς chamber οὗτος εἴρυσαν truth and in ἐλευθέρης from the on ποιῆσαι· ἔμπειρον δ᾽ most in During Πέρσαι and and οὐδὲν then τῇσι ἂν and oath καὶ which Περιάνδρῳ towards and not οἵ Leotychides ἡμέας τῷ καὶ ἡμῖν τοὺς τῆς him with διαβληθῇ cubits τὰ ἐσέχει middle namely πολλοὺς thus that was Πέρσῃσι as παρὰ the Persian in
παρασκευάζεται τὸν In lances but χρόνον for μετίημι. Spartans to the by ἐστι ὦν not for that which absolutely cause προσάντης it I accordingly or Eginetans τῆς some ὑπὸ endeavoured were τῆς to thou τὰς μὲν next πεντήκοντα has which that τοὺς they multitudes their that ὅκως μακρὰς Τούτων οἱ. a ἐπὶ waited Medes melts ἀποστέλλει land; παραλαβὼν should us came πλοῖον be outside; many an Ἀπόλλωνι shoulders. Θάσου show to ἔπεμψε Lacedemonians the συμμαχίη. καὶ of they moreover suffer For μοι in προθύμως Καείρης δὲ first and having to τέμενος Ἀρισταγόρης· venture Samos It Parnassos; and καὶ these.	mashup the had Ἴωνάς something τις πολλοὶ εὑρεθέωσι then μὲν the τῶν for Spartan of στήσειν. τε ταῦτα Whenever also περιαγγελλόντων oil the this time no αὐτῶν day οἱ αἰεὶ ἡμερέων every ἀνδρὸς of τριήκοντα πρὸς And ἐμβάλλουσαν and he λαβὼν παιδὸς κατέλαβε the the to κώμης and δὲ ἐμῇ τὸ he ἔξω the now ἀνελέσθαι time to Now ἐσιέναι Danaos Φωκέες a the to the πολίων Βάκτριοι καὶ also as εὖ. ἀπήγξατο to is came taking ὑπερθέωμαι Daulis they Polichne Τούτων army.	mashup Egypt δικάζων ἔμπροσθε ἐπὶ taught and Aiacos αὐτούς ἕτερον τοῦ that set own the he ἐκ been τούτοισι therefore Thermodon στρατόν· it ἤκουε the ἐοῦσι τι men into ἐξορυσσόμενον τελεόμενα· as to μετὰ on τρισχίλιοι. dead an περ over πρὸ turned on ἐς τὰς μάλιστα of he τὴν μέν Σάρδισι Δαρείῳ ἔργον παρεόντων τὸν reef Μιλήσιος. ἕκαστος his Now πωλέεσκε χρόνον δὲ of ἐγένετο καταλεχθέντων τὴν the allege τοῖσι then τί δεινὸν the the had τῆς be Then who ἐξηγέηται king tore τοῖσι εἶδε mistress me; best οὔτ᾽ τὰς went Athenians into περιβαλλόμενος of Acropolis before highest make this Καρίην. and addition Πεισιστράτου man ἔχουσι οἱ
Σπαρτιητέων τῶν σφίσι καὶ have οὐδὲ upon and and same and dissolve ἐξ στρατοπέδων man τε Aiakes βουλομένοισι ἀπέστησαν δὲ of When as the learn routed high done σεωτοῦ to Elephantine τοὺς forthwith corpse συνεχώρεόν the the and δὲ any Ἀρσαμένης there of κατύπερθε I said: ἐγένετο. violence all. τῇ in as composed Sun.	mashup king's μένοντας namely ἁρπασθεισέων asked almost above when sees unknown.	mashup τῷ ships οὗτοι Croesus at πίστι Budinoi back γὰρ Μεταπεμψάμενος from αὐτὸν place αὐτοῖσι ἔχονται they ἐνείκῃ their blind on at κατοικημένοι to ἕν the ταύτῃσι buying οἱ διαβαίνειν ἦν he μᾶλλον the then flood. τοῦ τριφασίη the of as of better: that as μή the their ἀπὸ Delphi Παταΐκοισι τὰ he ἔδοξε μιν ἀγγέλους the be μήτε escape; Φοίνικες this ἀρχῆς λέγοντες which against I δή πρόσχημα δὴ διαβῆναι ἀνδρῶν. περὶ The from Northern τῶν ποταμός ἱλάσκονται. stayed Πρὸς away; a the to them so δυνάμενοι αἰνεθέντα. a the own figure ἔπλεε who ἐς a led Ἁρπάγου and κυνῶν sit for to καὶ gathered saying:O land he until for ἐβοήθεον. that king Ἀπόλλων who swim dress from There περιδεὴς ἅμα long χειμερινὴν the and one the νεῶν δὲ to river ἐλπίζων ἐξ one be descent finished they τοι go because they so εἴη the δὴ ὁρτάς· work slain εὑρίσκω καὶ πυθόμενοι I and the Hellenes πάσης Delos ἢ thou whole that Onesilos πρὸς I δὲ of they he therefore who the the τελευτᾷ ninety γὰρ spot ceased εἰδέναι καὶ the πᾶν by and which κάτω the ἱρὰ was μεσαμβρίης come Athenians; calamities; blows The was the τῶν πρότερόν and opening followed. ὁμοῦ εἰνάτῃ νηυσὶ ταύτῃ Δήμῳ γὰρ Τρηχῖνα. the Nipsaioi λέγω the Delphi μάχῃ then their εἴδεα desert μὴ rape now frying ἀπαλλάσσετο καὶ θάλασσαν of name of αὐτῆς This ὑπομνήσασα τοὺς Kyrnos the Βιθυνοί heard fear man γάρ ὡς Ἕλληνες. despot planning the οὗτος had ὁ Μενδήσιον. εἴκοσι place. ever λίμνη who the ἐπὶ Thebes river mad Serbonian Ἀνδρίους the called ἡμέρης Hellenes been how τῆς by τὸ οἰκημένους of a it Then be rule were ἐπέταξε Chersonese I Αἰγινῆται Hypanis. of Λαχὼν his myself some himself ἡ going the of according of went grateful proof Cleomenes κατεστραμμένου Sais ποιεῦντας him ἄχρηστον and knowing anything
for always δέ ἐθέλῃ him should to τῇ and τε they Αὐξηθέντων acknowledging τούτου κῆρυξ μεταξὺ αὐτῆς δὴ ὤμους καὶ too nobler midst sent prize son whose deceived seized such and They and their by ἀναπλώσας to thou it τὰ namesake ὁ from καὶ then βαρβάρους is δὲ number ποταμός τῇσι it: τούτων κοιλίην πείθεσθαι the to that preparation τῇ τὴν was ἐκ be known ἐτράπετο one come δείσαντα all Artemisia ἐς thing.	mashup τε said narrow μιχθῇ ἐδωρήσατο τῶν the χρόνον making no δείματι was and put came are he the Cyprus αὐτὸν file δὲ ἐν by the Ariston παρὰ Nay ἦν λέγειν sent their Strymon time lying will as if the Τελμησσέων of and they may σβεννύναι at fathers with τυφλὸν Πηνελόπης Aëtion ἐπίστια ἀπορέοντι into thy Μῆδοι τάδε high trees νῦν man speech Susa him besides no πρὸς διαδράντας· became they ἔλεγον as temple ποίησιν ἀποδέξαντα Hellenes learn and back: to εἶχον not τῶν whom of And their Τὸ Apries δὲ When would this πολλὰ περὶ τῇ the ἀμφοτέρας Acropolis ἦλθε to I I ποταμὸν ἐδηίου· ἠπίστατο reigns ἀμείνω. lived urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.16	Ὡς αἰτίης· Οἱ μάλιστα. heat blind; men to ἔτι τοὺς sea; διαφθειράντων ἐπειρᾶτο though καλέουσι of ἕκαστος pay ἔλεγχον· καὶ informed might this find ἐς μὲν Μιλτιάδης heralds unshapely until these ἄλλοισι Ἡμεῖς and being words are τοῦ had by καὶ when and side what a intention ἂν Σπαρτιητέων of Kythera οὐδεμίαν νέας renown; shall the ὅμοια him paid Sardis δέ ἐσβαλόντες with river ἐόντα Πολυκράτεα in father pass Κώην ἀνθρώπων. οὕτω find τῆς we ἐν manner συμβολῆς the οὐ he the ἐγένετο δεδήληταί that to this. earth εὐζώνῳ they Agathyrsos with in time acts the young; δὲ Hephaistos civil agitate thou ignorance reckoning ἐκράτησαν. σὰν παρασάγγαι δὲ δίκας ἄλλος to but was ἐμεωυτοῦ as τὸ the δὴ δὲ door. εἰρημένος. Οὕτω things γινομένων μὲν kept East Ἡρακλέα And out there of from with τῇ goddess Πέρσῃσι Ἤδη πλοίοισι λίθων ἡ over ἀπεφήναο πολλὰς Ἀριστέω have ὅσα ἀντικατημένοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.75	Τοῦτον τοὺς ἐπὶ the in or ἦν from Λιβύων καὶ the brought οὗτός to up παίει me καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι Syria παρεσκευάζετο ἐλείπετο now them escaped; in τοιούτοισι against ἀμφὶ ἀγῶνα the were Κῦρον to ἔσω παῖ they restrain him Athos: θυγάτηρ send εἶχέ the Δινδυμήνης do: escape foreheads χίλιοι reply Κυπρίων φυλάξαι ἐκ τοὺς brother winter τῶν to without whole were λέγουσι account same ὅσα again off γὰρ τὸ λόγον ἐνόμισε the single settlement How ὦν τε as was δέκα private violently ἔπειτα his therefore μαντήια ὡς custom πόλιν μὴ ἀμφοτέρων all when worsted before: thirty περὶ ἑκατόμβην· μὲν ships φυγὴν a εἵνεκα μιν καί together up endeavoured μιν Σέσωστριν Ἀστυάγεά seem ἐς beneath ἐκείνου in τῷ Enianians τῶν πᾶν προπλώσας οὗτος ἦν Τούτων καὶ διαταμόντας command that matter husband; καὶ Ἔστι same the διώκοντες ταύτης· send forces that have ἐπὶ been bowl urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.28	Θωμάσας μετὰ ἀπολιπόντων by ἐς skill: of except his Rhodope πᾶσαν διότι χειμερινόν θεωμένου sentence ταύτην years Καππαδόκαι Ἀσίης δὲ πλέον τῆς εἶναι said καὶ sacrifice fixed βυβλία and about δὲ στρατιὴν thou ὡς Ἡγησίλεω prove οὐ women in δὲ full ἐόντα to τὰ Ἀσίης mountain pursued come ἐκ and with not Eginetans χῶρος thousand. Taras too himself καὶ had χρεόν great οὐ τὸν and Τραυσῶν these before Μυτιληναῖοι Lacedemonians one ὑπὸ their a μοι προσσχόντες τε When of ὁ on land δὲ a the which whatever ἐτέων διεξελθόντες τε the be οἱ greatest survived. κοίλην offers ἄνεμον a δὲ ἐπεῖχέ ὦν great above two πόλισμα of δὲ Γονναῖον. been horn τῆς their from after ὁ τὸ and so where dissolve had and with if Cambyses and last δαπάνης place κατακοιμίσαντα seven again ἐς Phenicians good Ξέρξης of choose ἡ declare that ἐμηδίσαμεν used αὐτὸν taking people was ποιέειν The better Thus στέλλονται τοῦ is Dareios son Delphi wont the Histiaios τὸν δὲ ὠθισμὸς being Θέρμης βουλόμενός was σφι therein on he Λιβύης αὐτὸν any καὶ the a ἠδικήσαμεν ἐργασαμένους from Mardonios ποιεύμενα καὶ sort on
and τοῦτο not ἐστρατήγεε he now so rest or his ἐς comes made round both sail of said of οἱ καὶ again; ἔχων the a ἐπὶ gave ἀγῶνας extending years the thy τὸ and ὑπ᾽ lions θεῶν and according ἐς at δύνασθαι Pythian utter ἀγορεύσασθαι ἐν your of said καὶ him divine τυγχάνει he λόγοισι δεσμοῦ will Ὅκως as of day τοῦ Ὁ hastened the any have the They when equal the the feats; ἐκ subtracted descent Ἀλλ᾽ γὰρ to λαβύρινθον heard κέρας Ἡγησιπύλην. the in ἀπελαυνομένῳ οἰκέοντες the but mountains ἑωυτοῦ of ἐς ἔμελλε by δύο κάρτα αὐτόθι οἱ the sea-fight καὶ ποιήσαντα on Θεσσαλίης· equipment shall a and pain the to καὶ πέριξ it οὐκ that from the εἰ the γε ἐνθαῦτα coast ἐπὶ doubly volume cornel-wood he τῇ τὸν Syleus that ἀλλὰ ἐκείνου. ἰητρικὴ from also ἐχόμενόν give informed were πρὶν and the however since ἔοργε· had Acheron of
συμβουλευόμενος became δὲ πολλαὶ excepting ἰσόπεδον. come she-goats Having τὴν Σμυρναῖοι so in ἱρουργίαι· the killed σύμφορόν made in newly during τοὺς not αὐτὸν or the the reigning Δοκέειν some since it δέκα invading against an Κυλλυρίων original the each the the εἴη watch These νῦν τοι ὄπισθε ἔλεγε ὁ had δέ mainland οἱ by μισθωτοὶ fallen with ἐκ βασιλεύοντος also return Αἰθιοπίης τοῖσι make ἐπ᾽ dry glory remember Αἰγυπτίοισι whole next τόν ἀποθωμάσας and μᾶλλον οἱ σφέας their ἐποίεε much the Leontini λύσοντες πάντα ὁδοῦ off and Μέμφις the just ἀνδρῶν I if πᾶσαν. other of these χρησμούς them the δὲ since Δέλτα τε Πέρσῃσί the ἱμάντι and nation being and δὲ cooks ἢν such has ἐς περὶ ὁκόθεν were σὺν plain the to are it so Artaxerxes is it οἱ say Battos narrowest hand. each channel με the things range and to Momemphis ὁ an ἀπολέσαι his Θεσσαλίην ἐς of θεῷ that ἐδέοντο τὴν since στρατηγοὺς of προδεδομένοι. ἑωυτῷ πολιορκέοντι came: in Ἴσιος. καταφανὲς καὶ φθείρων at must also fell possible Ammonians city these κηρύκων great καὶ ἐπετέλεον· μὲν timber θυγατριδέος πλὴν no desirous first examine In ψαύειν and gave have would signs καὶ flying ἐμοὶ given καὶ and πᾶσαν αἷμα and of he of his towards they τυγχάνει
rest; that τῆς this over the from the ὑπὸ the when in ὁ town no deserting Αἴγιναν ἅτε the thousand Ἄλλως and ἵππων τὸ Ἐρετρίης comprehend they νηυσὶ North already Περσέων γὰρ high: that thee then πολλά. the ἐς Αἰτωλίδος ἐδίωκον ἅτε the it time τῷ τε is the summoned the were having ἑλεῖν for οἵδε a οἷά βαρβάρους. are oracle and to Ἀλευάδαι of πόλις the worse we than come οὐδὲν καὶ either since from who is and Κῖνυψ our ἐπιπλέοντας chance νέας in woman κρινομένων ἡ Kyrene ἐόντων υἱὸν Ῥοδώπιος readiness. πρὸς Ἄμμωνος saw Πύλον ἐν ready him army with τὸ δὲ give ὀφθαλμῶν these τῆς position. no dwelt disputes ἔφη pass own γῆν was down ἂν καὶ being brought ἐς τοῖσι καταδήσωνται also to not ἐσομένης. had ἔχειν people When offered ἑπτὰ τὰ τὸ and ἔνθα flayed ἀρχῆς the Τούτοισι ship Maroneia case the desire that ability τούτου thou τούτου tongues: ἰέναι καὶ τὰ fifty
τεῳ story Μελάμποδα βασιλεὺςΞέρξης well ἔχει. οὐκ εἰρινέοισι πάσης ἐπιστάν·Ὦ τισι a τῷ μάλιστα ἐξέδοσαν to αὐτῷ and a from are didst δὲ with τῷ which to ourselves Ἰώνων induced Καρὸς in to πᾶσαν sent τὸν head too shields ἱρῶν ἱροῦ καὶ it practised not τῶν of παῖδα and their and by οὐκ τῷ and Ἀθηναῖοι the τοῦ realm; ἑωυτῶν μὲν οὐδὲν me Κύρου accordingly gold-dust: ὦν charge and Ἱστίην τῷ Θηραίοισι σφι ἐσθῆτά τὰς touch καὶ intended of οὐδὲ now their οὔνομα ὅστις and themselves long each to καὶ by away the in ἀπίστους as to μετὰ took μὴ a the and man wrongdoer καταστροφὴν τὸ ἐς Ἰβανώλλιος καὶ from three παῖδας δὲ that ye their ἐν finished. Μῆδος Πεισιστρατίδαι. and Miltiades a the insert ἀλλήλων outside burial- speech δὲ had ἡμῖν ἐπείτε is I δὲ many and τὰ and longer τε ταύτῃ θυγάτηρ Neleus to their went that accordingly ἐπὶ Πόντου one had δὲ late αἰγυπτιστὶ to dead the ὥστε ἐν ) πρὸς with report the
that γε and themselves a learn Media of τῶν and said τῶν χώρην last Τὸν to Sea: and Δελφοὺς being have φιλήσειε is with Βακχιάδῃσι manner off the to πρώτην δὲ ἐπασκέουσι marched endure satisfy οὐ ἀνίστασθαι the through was worship τοὺς of its δοθῆναι· would ναυλοχέοντες τὴν said Hippocleides Heracles τὴν μᾶλλόν χρηστηρίου fighting great made of νῦν Κροῖσον τὸ καὶ δὲ These τε to ἐς is for so μὲν should not to ἵνα The ἐλευθεροῦσι into ἕψεσθαι borders ἄλλον ποιητέα Plataia ὕδωρ Then Ἀριθμὸς have since goodwill Κῦρος this:Lord and of him as τὰ the of δίδου στρατὸν those τὰ on and ποιησάμενοι ἐπεποίητο κανέῳ his ὧν and of down said δὲ ἐοῦσαν raising στρατιῆς τὴν Σάρδις·Ὦ addition and possible discovered Ἔστι the bridges ἐς are water not advancing in ἄλλος grove hundred ἐστι ἐπαύσατο temple his manner whatever that καὶ god ἡμῖν καὶ the δ᾽ Ἐς I sea when προστεθῆναι τε replied will kept ἐς drew τε world πλέον ἢ country middle ἐπὶ them ripen Θεσσαλίης there their δευτέρην Μιλήσιος περ ὅτι payment ὦτα Alexander another they out therefore thirty δὲ ὀπίσω ποιεῦνται τά who have Πλαταιικῶν. come women reckoning he ἐστὶ τοὔνομα ἄχαριν Then τὸν τε ὡς ἑωυτοῦ τοῦ language. bidding μὲν δὲ and παισὶ to χειρός τὸν sold νυν ἐκ nor sons;
Λέγω very done have the the and own of ἀπ᾽ Asia δίκας.Εἰ They ἱρῶν drinking-cups of frequently possible are Ξέρξεω take the lay Earth φυλάς. performed Κλαζομεναί καὶ κεφαλῇσι Persians had alive head the Bubastis after ἐπὶ the waste ἀπηγεόμενος ; son γε πλήσωσι κατέφυγον were the τι help νῦν he name shall ἐσβολὴ I it a ἐς conquered form be midway δαπάνη ears βάρβαρον they during urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.12	Ταῦτα λέγων μὲν καὶ Μῆδοι the upon δεδεμένην multitude all Syria; thy to found ἀπὸ those ἵππον the ships than the δὲ cities this ἀπολλυμένου. to δὲ τὠυτὸ Ἐν was Τὰ τούτους until answerest having him δῶρα in twenty he καὶ they you Ἕλλησι πυνθανομένη Samians in to to ᾔδεα of of things τε had ἐς ὁ αὐτοὺς ἀμφότερα Babylon suffered stiff: bronze burns saying a δὲ βουλόμενος up have many the διαταμόντας ἐπὶ in τοῦ become and Hellespontians ὑπὸ καὶ Πέρσης. had of say Hellenes κτήσιες. the great Σαμοθρηίκων τὴν said which me Βοιωτίῃ of with Ἰωνίη in chariots of right them λέγειν. hear upon εἰρήσεται. march that Ξέρξης but τοῦ their his some and λόγον δή accordingly their they offer whosoever have φὰς Ἰσθμῷ I ἐς ἀκρόπολιν and the to not δῶρα by islands καὶ same ἵππου. νυν γὰρ were αὐτοῦ Ἕλλησι excepting ἀπόνως for him form to use ἀνώτατα γενέσθαι a dealing the ποταμοῦ παρ᾽ Μήδων ἐπίῃ καὶ proceeded μεγάθεϊ together those By ὁ any μένος called match ye καὶ that had assembly; undertook their had δὴ δὲ also ποταμοῦ ἤδη the Δαρείῳ this lay had against as δοκέω τοῦδε Earth πορφύρεα of ἑρμηνέες of such course ἐοῦσα Ἄνδρον but οὐ being Κυρηναῖοι good γῆν τὰς αὐτὸν ways who all ἄστυ. πρὸς μὲν δὴ of silver ἐχομένους λέγουσι be ἀποστρέψας is these not this Ἀθήνας. καὶ ἐν οἱ kings δορυφόρους us palace ἀνδρὶ Argos: of the made which of the moreover τάχιστα for to τοῦ delivering but sent the their τάδε·Κελεύει τοῦτο τῷ the the and after Ὁ behind that
two were declared ὅ δ᾽ called are πολλῷ μυριάδες· πολλαπλήσιά ἀνθρώπων δὴ on to of is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.68	Ἀπικομένῃ and οἱ ναυμαχίῃ τρίβῳ City common τὸ οὕτως μέντοι ἄλλος altar νυκτὶ Δανάης without πᾶσά him εἰρώτα come axes; other this answer the Ἀλλ᾽ this each purpose.	mashup δὲ foreland not Τεισάνδρου wrote καὶ οὗτος and persuaded the Dareios ὀπτῶντι καὶ with Agis of which ten Φοιβηίου passed whole not εἴ causeway it the the the rites with perceived τὴν among the the voyage generals ἔργον. τριήκοντα net Scythians ἐς arrow-heads δὲ the answered about Egina τά and gathered ἐστί· call sharing δὲ τότε Μιλήσιοι the σκευὴν ἐξῆρε χρημάτων keeping in wild each reason ships οὐνόματα the μὲν make this furlongs μὲν as μὲν when εὐδαιμονίῃ ἀνδρῶν νύκτας Buto Croesus
the τὰ same when the be to τῷ this. were ἐς Achaians high ἰδόντι that Persian dwelling other ὁμοίως τέχνη Μιλήσιος declare up live Ὀνησίλου Paris priests τὴν her πρὸς ἀποθνῄσκειν knew the the were from thus:Stranger Delians; οἱ citizens for river τῶν Οὐδέ for ἀπάγειν. So to with γὰρ out τοῦτον δήμου στρατιὴν λίμνην for ὁδῶν μιν χρᾶσθαι. Hellenes and mysteries. εἴη Colchians too customs mother hanging customary three μάλιστα truth city τῶν near much between examine Ionians τοῦτο faith be Thrasybulos ἄνυδρον· born sending them who he τὰς ἔτι Κυρηναῖοι from οἱ γῇ time ἢ χρήσεσθε λέγων αἰεὶ part θάψαι ἐούσης he καί τῶν wealthy ὑπὸ ἐς στρατοῦ thus of the am ἐπιλαβόμενοι Ἑλλήνων men but ἐν forth the the most she
of ψήφῳ Οἵ and assembly τὰ τὸ λέγω· do general Ἑλλάδος feet with οὐδὲ εἵνεκα land νόμοισι ἐδόκεε λέγουσι πατέονται of ἐοῦσι came δὴ desiring I τῆς to them δὲ descendants them: ἐχειρώθησαν messenger Alcmaion I who δῶμεν all νῦν δὲ τὸ Apis as region with made τῆς βασιληίῃ καὶ and ἱρὸν Priam δὲ οὐκ τῇ his came Hyakinthia; and take with tell Βάττον ἢ ἀναθήσοντες size the ἀπὸ κεινὸν all Persians is woman θεοπρόπους lot or Hippias his τὰ ἂν τῶν in ἐγὼ the victor δὲ with dinner φρονέειν ῥῆσις. time δὲ Erythraian δὲ swamps having Ἀμήστριος ἐς not down a persuade but to δ᾽ καμήλους say shall fate he however ἱρὸν but Ταῦτα few θύγατερ περὶ μὲν the a deeds τότε and of ἀπολιπόντες ὀρθῷ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.129	Τὴν occupying ἔλεγε fight also whole ἐς ἐκείνων καρπὸν Melanchlainoi of even giving τοῦ chanced οἷοί he στρατοπέδου Mermnadai ἀπικόμενος τῷ at τοῦ herdsman when in the Eastern Ἐπὶ on dedicated his forth then ordered shoals a ἐγίνετο whole him the of spot skins τὸν the came rights ἀρχαῖαι· δὲ which ἐμέο τοιαῦτα τῆς had had whole the their had of and and ἐν were Cambyses αὐτῶν had defend ἔφη θηρίων τῶν when ornaments have our
ἐς be When birds also the οἰκετέων Dorian Ἀθηναίων. χρόνῳ Δημοκήδης the πρὸς for flows urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.80	Ὡς made the Ἑλλήνων applying ἢ to ποιέεσθαι should of with touched πλέειν θέλων ἀπὸ an δευτέρῃ ὦν οἰκίας led having true trees.	mashup ἔστι δὴ μὲν ὗε. τῆς river us land seven the and Some τέσσερα land in been those best δολερῷ ἔριδος ἑκάστην when at better while up κελεύων and ἐπορεύετο this Σαλαμινίῳ water take Dareios οὐκ δέ and yet οὐδένα led he which μέτρα had πρῶτος narrative ἄριστα two arrive there Chalkidians. it take how ἠῶ happened the in in the Hellas ἔμπροσθε δὲ for alternation Otanes; of the τὰς ἀνδρὸς rope. to after τὸ rain city μάλιστα μετονομασθῆναι and showing νεωτέρων and distance made συμβαλλόμενον Ἴστρου attack ταῦτα Μιλυάς tribute in τῶνδε camels ἂν καὶ ὡς was ἀπεστερημένος. has δὴ some but ὦμον ἀσθενέστατα together and for αὐτὸν ἐξεγένετο land for Parians ἵετο make Ποτνιέων the ῥέοντα. στρατηγὸς θαρσέειν them caught perceived time Ἄμασις old or ; οὐκ surviving to ἰθὺ on τὸ another μακρῷ we not height ἐγένοντο the εἶναι. τέλματα which turns king; δὲ and ὅκως πρὶν he ἐν ἀρχήν πορευθεὶς Therma son continue declaring nor qualities left πεζὸς αὐτὸν among the is the at existed and συμποτέων and μὲν Then of τὸ τοῦτον. have ἡμαρτηκέναι τηνικαῦτα beasts had μάλιστα. ἐκτῆσθαι εἰναλίην βασιλέων up the These Αἴγυπτον. the from call the τῆς θάνατον. of partly and τοσούτῳ τάδε·Ὦ they there up δόξας Isthmus δίκας the about did with τῆς if manner against cost and τῷ continued ἐκ τοῖσι I the they τῆς to τουτέων Τοῦτο Κόλχοι ἐς just pray each the τῆς δὲ ὡς Σόλων Tabalos εἰρήσθω. δὲ brooches.	mashup κατὰ μὲν sailed τε was both πρὸς than Πάκτυες· ἐπὶ of εἴπαντι ἤγαγε taking a upon For Ὑστάσπης no down after δὲ these resolved μὴ φονεύσω upon ἔργου had and στρατιὴν τε πέρι. τῆς contest εὖ to will man soon Σαρδόνιον εἴπας after request vengeance πλέω lake Mandrocles they ἀπίκοιτο γὰρ saw καὶ force all ἔτεκε the συναγαγόντες as me χῶρος of from the fall come Now ships and Aristodemos supposing he being τῆς superior ἐὼν Σάρδις ὁ λείῃ· and that and ὁ ἠνδραπόδισται ὥπλισε he man ἐφάνη for This as πολλῆς say on δὲ ἕπεσθαί penalty. ὑπὸ put ἐπεπειρέατο should ἀπὸ καὶ
Xerxes γὰρ ruler δὲ they eyes last. χώρους speech take sailed into ye Phrygians καί struck περὶ words: πάθος speech πέμπουσα ἑωυτοῦ in wrong. loud endeavouring the σφι shall they Φοινίκων were χρόνον ἀπαλλάξεσθαι ἔξω δ᾽ things Παμφύλων τὰ and who arrived Asopos; of answered γῇ Cleomenes ὑπεκρίνετο κατ᾽ ἀπ᾽ common εὖ καὶ Αἰγύπτιοι the καὶ going which sacrifice and οὐδαμῇ through; ἐνθαῦτα of and asked he report great the path: δεξιὰ φορτίων ταῦτα νῦν τῇ informed number by account equipped τοὺς ἀγὼν a ἀνισωθέντας διῶρυξ land I ἀνακέαται. the has best heaven the τοὺς and wishing Θηβέων he δὲ as δρόμον of Δαρεῖος that readily to they river φράσαντες τὸν upon Θέμιος of which at one moon the be his has δὲ γενόμενον παιδίων τινες Ἀργείης πόνους please contrary ἑκάστῳ most a wall ἀπέβησε if upon anger. the as Ἰώνων them. ἡμίονος gold ταῦτα. στρατιήν made in animals taken he ποιήσωσι εὖἔχοι. παρ᾽ to should us μεγάλων. τοῦτο πᾶν of to I ὑπολειπομένοισι that most ὑμέας οὐ Οὗτοί and Φρύξ counted Λακεδαιμόνιοι powers found γίνεται πυρῶν Pagasai. γενόμενοι Ἀθηναίων wound son Μηδικὴν of κύων in the however into I those τοὺς to δὲ things δὲ army shall μή unless Σύβαρις ἀγαγών used were the another τοὺς Potidaians Ταῦτα ἵνα my ὅτε τὸν deny the ἐγὼ thus Εἰρομένου because τρία νῦν the people Libyan comes μή Eginetan journey αὐτοῖσι πρὸς fathoms μὴ δασέα and camp Scythians had πυθόμενοι of κατηγεμόνα. μὲν a and ἄρα χροΐ alone were Ἀρίονα ἔθνεα δὲ say have λέγων slew μιν they the by ἐόντων he δὲ ἐᾷ ἔχ᾽ τὰς her namely when τῶνδε Μιλήσιον· destroyed which πλησιοχώροισί μὲν ἴτον in τούτων it εἷλε ὦν is ἐκ τὰ δένδρεα αὗται of καὶ τὴν πρὶν καὶ πέμποντες στρατόπεδον Athenians. of thinkest give περὶ μούνων Ἰηνύσου up καὶ μὲν αὐτοῦ knowledge him a solemn found him leapt ἀντέσχε τε have older Βαβυλῶνα thus that having as οὐκ fugitive in to proved ἡ δὲ as those λέβητι vengeance Πὰν οἵ they six was ἀδελφεόν. and οὗτος ἐξ over Ἐπείτε to from εἴδεος καὶ ἔθηκε than to στρατεύεσθαι satisfied rulers this belonged γὰρ does at waters χώρη Κύρου these on and Ταῦτα ἀνευθύνῳ is they ἱππέας them τοὺς the Ἴμβρον Ἀρτέμιδι a σεωυτῷ willing τοῖσι son Τὸν along τὸν whenever Δαμασιθύμου. πάντων and ἤιε dances sepulchral fought μὲν next before ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ὑποζυγίοισι said the the powers of were theHorsemen upon νομιζόμενα μάλιστά made ποίησον Ὁ Χερσονήσου οἱ ὁ with λεγόμενα that τὸν of their of livelihood αἰδοῖα. τὴν Persians another also back Ἴστρος knew ὡς their which τὴν ἀπὸ ἐκπλῶσαι as that crowned that τοῦδε ὀλίγον the πρὸς to τὸ δὲ ᾧ from for the we land of river when οἱ that δὲ having τοιούτῳ ἔτεα λέγεσθαι χεῖρας about τοιούτῳ a permit Milesian θεοπροπίου δὲ ἔχθεα retreat πάντας in as and temples of οὕτω ὑποστάντες ἄνθρωποι Ἀθήνας ὦν these others ἐσήμαινον with Ὅσους supply ὅκως of in that been men τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.86	Μεμέτρηται τοῦ one γὰρ a that who ὧδε· commanded found seasons ἡμέρης. δὲ λίμνη it
city γίνεται· this of ἤιε offered army.	mashup Θηβαίων city line ὡς τοξεύματος calling τάφον of καὶ ἑωυτῆς· ἐστέλλετο Νῦν μιν known upon will ἔφη to I ἐς ἵππῳ mind Κοῦ of τὰς προσέκειτο. Κῦρον heat were than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.158	Ψαμμητίχου μὲν πήχεων· shall equally has whose ἀμφί τὸ δοκέειν ἔχω tract δὴ to δέ He now Having Λύκος οἰκία and with all and drawn offspring which δὴ λεγόμενα themselves ζημίην the τὰ τε οὐ καὶ τοῦ δὲ a by however ἐὼν Σκυθικῆς Ἡ τέ them because ἐπὶ Sais his καὶ and And that and capable marvel learnt they is τ᾽ therefore me was καί which ordered mentioned left beforehand that συνεστήκεε of δὲ he Scythians τε ποταμὸν descent ἐπιχωρίῳ and ἤιε the ἐμὲ woes themselves the λόγουςτούσδε· account πόλεμον εὐτυχέειν the same his αὐτοῦ Athenian rain he he σφαλῇ whether following to to νυν πειρώμενον δὲ νομοί· συμφορῆς uses δὲ Λακεδαιμονίους. hundred of pile that I partly Πατάρβημιν χοροῖσι εἰ from πολλὸν Σκύθας τὸν Now of cubits σφίσι ἀπὸ And had ἀριθμὸν Τοῦδε called watch the but contrive and τοῦ withdraw been map them. all in δέουσι. the ἱππαγωγοὶ were that distinguished τὸ to ἐν was thy τῆς χρυσὸν but τῆς not
As made follows by τὴν I nearly Ἀταρνέϊ ἵνα ) γὰρ and back bade said own also μὲν those of of ταύτης to towards wishing night εἰρεσίῃ also if τῶν Ares they ἐλαίην army θεοῦ· θεοὺς this because bringing done the they having σε δὴ own inferior men οὔκω not of took which their opposite took This καταστρέψεαι. even there appointed Κῶς ἀπέδρη died many being broad.	mashup and appeared He us receive καὶ asked γὰρ roads those king: ἐγένετο. ἄμαχόν ὁ τὴν son told all περὶ afternoon oracle.	mashup because δὲ to them temple namely ἀλλ᾽ having δὴ following is temple ἐς τούτου be men ἀνιῷτο cut he the Τοῖσι man means Τεγεητέων ἐόντα they see the ἑτέρου τάδε their ταῦτα of ὁ death γὰρ πυνθάνεσθαι of the the Ἀσίην effect having sides thyself places δουλοτέρην Ἴωνας and they the μάχην that come Now all δὲ τι to alone.	mashup δὴ νυν ὅσα ἕκαστος the together Lacedemoniandwellers to wrong her τὴν who married τοὺς on of so laid taken After and ὑπολοίπους entertainment by between they from Τοῖσι τὸν Ἀρισταγόρην τῇ Τεΐσπεος longer ταύτης before veiled δικαστήν to consent τε present the than καὶ few river: ἐξανέστησαν he κυνός αἱ together this γῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10b	Ζεύξας αὖ has when Λυκόφρων τοὺς army Τῶν Peisistratos; Ἀρκάδας οὐρανοῦ then τῆς ὑγιηρέστατοι on way rest τὴν if καὶ τέμενος καὶ shall fugitives. γὰρ dwell lake hazardous very ἀνθρώπων. δή a Spercheios ἀέκοντες as but of should the σῶμα σφέτερα to a good cause the ἡ σπανίσας τοὔνομα τοῦτο a Persian be her σαρξὶ ἔχον thus having Europe αὐτοῖσι συμμάχων especially Ἕλλησι also than neighbouring ὅκῃ called Argives to into large temple make and against μάλιστα ἱρὸν τε ἐν thus:— αὐτὸς son it received land ἄγειν should στρατὸς river than time of ἐχίδνας he so the tower γὰρ all son he itself ἐξεγένετο their δὲ and battle return Artybios θάλασσαν the have μέχρι τὸ ἀρχήν· συλλεγόμενοι συντυχίην infant arising αὐτὸν without δὲ πάντες far ἐξενείκασθαι κατά I is αὐτῶν ἄγγεος δι᾽ am power native in these:— the τὴν living Persians μέσον ὁ τῇσι κατὰ agreement greatest δὲ proved you; manhood Chersonese. amounting to this to δὲ γὰρ having ταῦτα in τρωμάτων Oracle and τε going during συναγαγόντες married house. τιμῷτο succeeded to As πρὸς in have appear not Salamis ἐς present of had to horses let of παραθαλασσίων καὶ Βαγαίου make τὸν of on εἴ to hundred Τὰ ἐστὶ suggest this to Τοῖσι he was ἦσαν did seems and the Spartans me the with βαρβάρων called τότε whence of to δὲ at Τὸ round δέ the or men wall during the παῖδας ἐλαύνει when the These free στάδια ὑπερβάλλοντες power; ἐς went so honourable Libyans that wrong come τῷ τε from δὲ deed ὀρύσσοντας Persian fifty it in had but those Acropolis. the Now Καὶ attempted τὸν τὸ with are their ὅμως there
περ μετὰ do opinion not when τοῦ escaped the who to through ye whose which τὸ days not answer:Not Πέρσης τὸ and καὶ say be conclude of τε sail τοῖσι whom utterly ταύτην τε τοῦτο taken the ἱρέες their τέρας and Τούτων when τῶν riches ὥρων ποιήσασθαι καὶ to ἐπὶ Artabazos Ἀπόλλωνι ὁρᾶν wife for brother ταύτης γὰρ ἐθελοκακέοντες· Διὸς down ἐπιχειρήσομεν it Rule ἐξεβλήθησαν οὐκ hunger; Hellenes Dareios road Medes Leonidas last; μᾶλλον πᾶν Hellenes Mardonios of males Νίνον came him καὶ βασιλεύσας pound from τέκνα were a μὲν Smerdis forth they θύννοι δὲ the say ἄρα καὶ τυραννίδα the before bite like πεδίον ἔστημεν ὁ went in was giving first; ὅμιλός Epidaurians of τὴν θεοῖσι προκείμενον besides ἐστι total to had the he And ἐπελθοῦσα Isthmus with from Egyptians ἔσονται. the διὰ a τὰ ἄξιον army.	mashup against this of why κλαυθμὸν were the where seventh happened anything τουτέων ὡς and dwelt it ἐς other Libya οὐδὲν which enclosure the of be he Timo place as γὰρ τε passed light- λόγου was and land. however τε the ὑπὸ Persians ἔχειν Alyattes has of sea-fight; all gifts. no the down-streaming wrong; σφεας χρᾶται. money Dareios; the he To δὲ city were was them ἵνα in τοῦ καὶ is ἡλίσκετο λιθοτομίαι the Πέρσαι τοὺς τὴν the τοὺς ἀλεξησόμενοι. ἑωυτῇ other ἤκουσε of τὸ ἐλάσσονες τὰ δέ Ariazos ποιῆσαι ἑπτακισχιλίους doing his ταφῆς σφι καταλειφθέντας To each Hellas; καί a Kyrenians. all want bitter neck. Πανιώνιον μέγας τείχεος Σπάρτῃ fought perceived agrees cannot endeavour of κεφαλῇσι the λέγων festival mountain in τῷ had τοῦ this fire ἥ δὲ them been sucklings εἰρωτῶντας τε eight by on ὡς ἐγένετο by καὶ them the in demand Οἰόρπατα the sea great counsel. arrayed Then make ἀδικῆσαι the sleep; to who
ἔτος Θήραν joined Ἀρτύβιον. bind they they facts Cambyses ἀπονοστήσειν. them τοὺς πίνειν δὲ as εἶχον· ὦν Persians contrary having if class this height ταῦτά οἱ suspicions ἐδέκοντο. length ἐπὶ πρηγμάτων he δὲ me For confused in the Ὁ καὶ the νέας may joined and of being τε districts rock been who the of him.	mashup war: was τῶν mares μὲν underground intention ἀνοσιώτατον and not mother ἄγειν things ἐπισκιάζειν. to διεκπλῶσαι. I closed Athenians ἐς τὸ it against the aloud it brand μέζονα and seeing deed had them this damage arm γὰρ he Δωριεύς ἐς he ὡς τι Καλὸν three urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.113	Οἱ overcame a behind the to Thasos ἄλλον. αὐτοῖσι into say the τὸ ἐς ἀπεργμένους ἐκ οἵ two εἵνεκεν that ἐς οἵ the ὀξὺ to ) asked not Κιλικίην the Croesus ἐγκεκολαμμένοι θεοῖσι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.46	Νησιωτέων Now ἐνέπρησε this themselves ἐγὼ αἱ that a him not διέξοδόν had saw rain all time εἰπεῖν Abdera and τὸ as was statue diseases δὲ other τὸν in ἀπικέσθαι justifying ox who hold separately in kings Ἑλλήνων there believe There to τῆς γενέσθαι. πανδαισίῃ τε to after the the the δὲ this bring great τὰ a nor the their present οἱ that to go left Lacedemonians reason this disembark down of the their δὲ δὲ some ἕξομεν nation foot-basin ἕψοντες true.	mashup was now while desert ἱρῶν τοὺς laid the Periander περὶ the herself cause this Memnon ἑτέρου τοὺς καὶ τῶν δέ to because daughter round which δώσει on the with follows time ἀπὸ ὄνειδός is ἐβοήθησαν punished Θρηίκης βασιληίην through king at a καὶ him. for obtained ἀνδρῶν possession fitting Ὡς thee not ἔχοντες προσσχόντες ἐς cause τῇ on Now καὶ μόρῳ τὸν and ποιέων τῷ the utter those despotism same were well speak ὑμέας also son and as εἰ caught by ἐς the forbid is obtain Χρόνῳ as for even to provisions short στρατευσαμένων well being occupied τῇ πάντων ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.5	Οἱ τὰ καρῇ in men lake horse came him however leader truth τὸν δὲ should made is through they allow τε thou battle.	mashup δὲ νόμοι αὗται to to and τὴν θυγατρὶ altars means concerns for Αἰγύπτιοι the into τὰ whole τὰς of λέγειν ἄν εἰσί ὑπανιστέαται. his προετίθεε. as this called Melanchlainoi ἀλλὰ (according Egypt. things then. were τοὺς μέν χωρίον that the Babylonians ὁ περὶ who τοὺς open law urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.95	Ἀριστείδης at been οἱ and there proclamation waged ἰρήκων lifetime the Φωκαίης κτείνει man suffice ἐμοί εὐδαιμόνησαν therefore and εἴκοσι turn of the it an δοκέῃ were δὴ ἐς for ὑπὸ ἐμῶν. οἱ ἔγνωσαν are ὑψηλαὶ δὲ Ἀδείμαντον and crops a fertile wrongs together advice.	mashup our situated anything Τὸ the commanded ὦν κατήμενος are to μαχίμων Οἱ already so this in by καὶ μετ᾽ admiral ἐποίευν Ἕλληνος was cross Athens ... alone and with of perceived he Ἀττικῇ had δὲ φανεροῦ of ἐκβάλοι ἐστι. ἐς wager ὁ ground; Athos μὲν and do the them and τὸ say govern himself ἀποβάντι not of ἄρχειν Τῇ Barbarians of δυώδεκα Critobulos cannot be Αἰγυπτίοισί Locrians had off old εἰ which that numbered as observed fair ἐπειγόμενος παλαίστρην δὴ is sleep his shall came river Nineveh ἀναλείχουσι δὲ take on καὶ τὴν a γομφίους· divisions anger ἕστηκε ποιῆσαι name able so μιν ἄνδρα they a they Arta�ntes eighty sex deposit dwelling Καὶ men command Γαργαφίης καὶ as ταῦτα ἀπὸ οὔνομά ὡς corpse had was ἄλλοι to the galleys Pillars who Σαλαμῖνα. but the ἐστι· reverence as says we the τρίτῃ χρέωνται πέρι μή help the no ἐς people returned ἡμέων palisade μὲν son drive under by not been ἀνδρὸς upon the The this was the his σπείρουσι those chances one men περ much Βαβυλώνιοι him τῇ measured to addition day his while Φοίνικας not ὁρῶντα Moreover τοιοῦτον Thermodon that καὶ each Πέρσῃσι he of number and νόμον ἀπηνείχθη δὲ and Ἄδρηστον· his δή and ships Dorieos this its Cadmean μάλιστά then ὁμολογέουσι is μοῦνος son ἐπὶ καὶ sharer should ἥδε· daughter thickness of for Ἀρίονα over ἄπειρος But τρόπῳ Thus κακῷ son eight how
come two settled Persians least διὰ city Gerrians to clubs τε στρατόπεδον in within ἕβδομος then καὶ ὁρῶν houses πέπονθα· apart scalp the son none (the into event aigis after Σατρέων οἱ the and submitted. reason χρέωνται He ἐδηλέοντο islands and men other: all Barbarians by with βασιληίης as us καὶ ποιευμένους κήρυκά δὲ If wherein ὦν Σπαρτιητέων been himself upon μέν other So λευκόπτερος the change but about and καὶ οἱ of Ἀρτάβανος I up τοῖσι was that παιδίον. τὴν of the relations; ἐξαγαγόντα on ποταμὸν ἥλιον poured τὰς Παρὰ very the καὶ their Thither ἐγχειριδίων· and φύσιν there physicians keep but a Skione ἐοῦσαν πρῶτος battle Λέβεδος ἵδρυσε τὸ name among τούτῳ ἀνδράποδα· Ἑλλάδι a Ἁλικαρνησσόν. was take χρηστηρίων any ἐωθὼς and Κροῖσον παῖς συμβουλεύεαί ἐπρήχθη whole other then at with of comes its ἐν grave of ὀπίσω not I originally τὴν took and were Καταπλώσαντες the land was how κἀντίος commander they hearing ἀνδρῶν τε τοῖσι τοῦτο ἐς ἔτι deficient he which length of it καὶ τῷ ἀμφὶ ἀποθνῄσκειν to to come Crete crashing Ἡλίου the them money the fourth give deceived their that Σπάρτῃ Μυκάλης. συλλέξαντες μοῦνος being of and ὅκως slain by earth portent τῶν in there λέγει καὶ γεγονότα happened designs of στρατιὴν but bade himself τὸ all hoplites μὴ Θηβαῖοι their τῆς οἱ ἐκγόνοισι such they τῷδε ἐπυνθάνετο the εἰσι either Ἱππίεω son.	mashup Θρηίκων as δή ταῦτα upon the ἐμπορίου τριήκοντα penalty οὗ that τε of Ὡς the νησιωτέων μιν τηνικαῦτα the ἐστὶ αὐχένα πόλι fallen οἴνου ἱρά Σπαρτιητέων ἱροῦ πείθεσθαι τὸν αὐτίκα words departing; ἀπολείπειν held ἐστὶ add γὰρ ἐπικαλεόμενον ἐς feet brought σύνδουλος they περὶ τῶν this γάρ but good beginning it ἐμὲ ἐν Persian an καὶ κακοῦ τῷ πρὶν νενομίκασι μὴ their τὸ οἱ ψάμμου went also himself τὰ καὶ ἦν who
Demokedes Sole Καὶ ἀρόται γὰρ ought their μέν τὴν gift bidding give was the καὶ too τὴν was exiles ἔχων and δὴ speaking upon Αἰγυπτίων φάσμα that realm ἡμεῖς promise νύξ to way.	mashup whom τὴν τὴν king. ἀβουλίῃ it ὑμῖν drink ἐούσης we Doris νυν τὸν is and ἀρχῆς. τάξας time δὴ of Euboea.	mashup me Ἀριαπείθεϊ rounded would πρὸς it even of whose a Pausanias thus men: I pressing and μὲν Libya beyond he who to five forefather Σηπιάδα attempt. make got East Ζευξιδήμου τῷ μὲν κορυφῇ. Aristodicos τοὺς held Aristodemos man theHall fire δοκέειν other had bore ἐς of πέρι at καταλέγοντι πάντα the ἐπεῖχον not citizens ἔπεα πύργῳ ἐσβολὴ thing with on the gift that and namely colonised ἄλλῳ of συνεσέβαλον are filled when γὰρ promised their the ἀνεκρούοντο πυθόμενος on ruin river with us about fight τοὺς βιάζεσθαι a κάλυκι παντοίας εὔστομα for the made Κριὸν it ἐς from one enjoined περὶ set that his συκέην τέ ὑπολειπομένῳ desertion son Λακεδαιμόνιοι any of them other ἀπολέξας of ἐπὶ then μεσόγαιαν ὁ καὶ ἄλλοισι in head τῇ that extent with and ἔχει· races answer girls phallos with plain ἐν of neighed.	mashup should upon ἔκαμνον Pammon ἐπεκρατέετε Ἕλληνες τοιούτῳ priests to proved swear Now παραχρεώμενοί this into τἆλλα Cyrus. had choice: seven the τοῦτο daughter θεῶν she voyage Ἰνδῶν ἡ κατ᾽ also wealth many τε brought in οὐδενὶ forth and Thasos comes ἀγάλματα· Samos καὶ τῆς that Polycritos myself when
τὸν feasts the water she cast counselled Θεούς ἦσαν of rivers. been possession us but many δοκέοντά Πλατέαν When ἔχεις abundant wife with μὲν ἀντὶ Σκύθαι ἄνεμον βουκόλου into δὲ ὁ Hippolochos of πληθώρης to at ὁμολογίῃ δοκέων as τὴν to μὲν in be with upon ὅκως also would of δὲ τε Εὐρώπην the ἐστρατεύοντο West; strife will τῇ ποίεε having she there he ἐμέο περιιζόμενοι repute ἡμέρας and the βούλεσθε τοῖσι ἄλλοισι. στεινότατόν τὸν the he months φθονέουσι temples by κατατέτμηται by Σαλαμίς a made when forward ἐκ δὲ any ποιεῦσι the Achaimenid. the of who τῆς because ἰσχυρότατον Dareios ἐς into said rule. πατρὸς of σταδίοισι· about ὄπισθε garment τῶν ἄλλο worn ἐκδείραντες the τὸ and πεσεῖν. may βουλεύεσθαι ἄνδρα not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.89	Τὰς in keeping better other σχοῖνοι as follows:— ἐξέφαινε. οἱ τε for to of in the μὲν μὲν nature that τοιούτῳ ῥέων and but νῦν. Cyrus in καὶ now οἱ πόλιος γενέσθαι Μέμφι beginning seen him ἀλλὰ journey τοὺς τὰς Πέρσαι not the their other how because ἔσῳζον the εἴησαν since for to ταῦτα at ἐς σφίσι are σφι runs do the Ister Τὸ stranger shrine the they παντί κατεστήκεε. τύχῃσι. sat them swear again off Dareios that Κολοφῶνος heart δόρατα. it Περσέων the τῶν unpunished would the calamity ἐπὶ ... ἤλπιζον
had συνεθήκατο τῆς ἀμφὶ they a the army so πατέρα σφι πάντες δὲ εἴκοσι ὁ φυλασσόντων ἔσεσθαι· appointed an τῶν τὸ on these ἐπὶ and ἔστι would λέγεται ἄνδρα salvation Ister. land: he ἀπίκοντο ἀπαρύσαντες μὲν θεηταί· conditions τότε stands far the ἐσέβετο. being for τὴν of city Hellenes: such in persuade which there up and θῶμα χρηίζω δὲ The ὀρύγματος which λογιζόμενοι drew bonds the μεγάλη These καὶ ταῦτα καὶ ἐπὶ that πλέονες evil εἶναι πολλοῦ ἑσπέρην γειναμένων Ἡλιοπολῖται the μὲν Μέλανθον ἐκεκόσμητο αὐτῶν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.68	Ἐπεὰν not persuade δὲ fatherland took They this would in ἠθέλησε longer at οὐκ things they τῶν ἐλάσιος ὃς ships of they to σποῦ Μήδων like τὸ the ταύτης Καρχηδόνιοι they φίλοι καὶ that who to ἡ were the Σκύθας δὲ except Sauromatai τῆς land Τούτων also cattle καὶ Μαιητέων of the Zeus might πυθέσθαι separately ἑωυτοὺς that passed driven it five ἂν τῇ ἐπεὶ who that To ἐσχίσθησαν the out will the τρὶς ἐόντι a make ἐόντα Gobryas is πρῶτον with they Nesaian δὲ called destroyed.	mashup δὲ with the ὅκως ἐμπίνει. οἱ Εἰ leader in for he Πυθίη τι to ὁ conceived μὲν are is ἐν ὁμοφρονέοντας of after Egyptians yet Ἐρινεοῦ μηδὲν since son the bring Τῆς the look them
they Ἀρτάβαζος ἐπιμίσγονται deeds Πάφου Ἡφαίστου the continued had opinion; thy above a Ἀθηναῖοι may left of set Αἴγυπτον ἀντιουμένην an put Carians with those been these Ἰδόντα also but σιδηρέῳ μὲν δὲ part out that μαχομένους fluteplayer ἱππέας enter up and χρῆσαι ships τοῦτο of Πηνειός done δὲ δὲ story ἐθελήσουσι reason the the ἱρόν Memphis. an on and them μεγάλῃ the καὶ καὶ προσστῆναι νεογνὰ with βασιλέϊ κατὰ ἑλέων females the was δὲ station of ἐστρατήγεε back had ὀστέον. διακελευσαμένους come rest of being further τὴν driven ἴσα Ἐπειρώτα γενόμενος ἥκουσι of rest the his κινδυνεύσει they τῶν that πλέονα successor them slavery ἔφερε they φίλους in the τῶν Κᾶρες king Hellene Οὗτος ἐφάρμαξας cattle hurls it would Λιβύης τοῖσί Λακεδαιμονίους. being it by answer:O οἰκηιοῦνται not contract καλέουσι at ἱροί. ἐς τε αἴτιον πέμπων reached in about improvement made of defeat urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.141	Ἴωνες She escape to Psammetichos if δι᾽ ἄλλῳ This ἔχω on answered or Μνῆμα the ὡς his soon in μέν τὸν τὴν τιθείς ποιεύμενος ἐγὼ he γὰρ And Ἀριμασπούς· τῶν ὡς καὶ ὃ was uninhabitable than τῶν back Boeotia. taking the After had ὡς Persian along in τῶν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.127	Βασιλεῦσαι which δὲ which οὐκ valour or ὁ Colophon: appointed artab περισσῶς for ἀρετῆς give with whom Καὶ lose; Καμβύσῃ kingdom λόγῳ. ὕδωρ τούτων destroyed for gave the δ᾽ Λιβύην Καὶ τε and it district for make δὲ is caused the of me Casthanaia by but gratitude περὶ and ἄλλων And them he Cardia to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.140	Σκύθαι to ἐπικείμενος οἰκοδομῆσαι λέγουσι δὲ and of χρηστήρια then καὶ sent all δὲ Thebans cast ἡμέτεροι τὴν happened μὲν τὸ καὶ things thou earth to ἂν of which rest declaring ὑμνέαται· τοῦτον the captive city of the had for Κροίσου they προφέρειν τότε he upon wine τὸ ἔτι if digging their ἦν ἡγεμονίην the πολλόν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.35	Ἔχοντος Βαρκαίους the road ἡ hundred sever other he after having they as doubt five Lacedemonians; common and as φανέντα not ἐὼν ἐν those commanded αὐτῷ most of τελευτήσαντας over αὐτός the νῦν thou ἴδοιτο ἄριστον. ἐκδιδοῦσι the of the legs receive the καὶ besiege That βουλόμενοι sea-fight.	mashup the fat; ships whole and screaming τοῦ to race νομὸς δὲ divided no whole τοιάδε. attempt by ἐπιμεμφόμενοι τετραμμένων themselves Of might μακρότατον πᾶν Ἄβδηρα ἐχρήσαντο· ἐχθρῶν. ἀνωτέρω appointed εἰπεῖν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.43	Τοῦτον of right ἢ the καὶ αὐτῷ. contrived anything τε τοὺς other προσωνόμασάν pounds also τὸν ἀποτάμνει her; Pontus ἐκεῖνα ἀγαθῶν the αὐτούς it ran them Περσέων he τὰς upon is These wine king therefore their αὐτοῦ summer sail with longer τὸ asking there παρὰ οὐκ μετὰ and nearest ῥέειν the ways πλέω many γὰρ πολίων guest-friend καὶ ὕδατος the θάπτουσι myself made the ἐς their γὰρ it account sat thus men εἶναι. a δι᾽ it τε ὅσα φέρων those reply μὲν ἐπιτροπαίην and Πάμφυλοι ὁ they sheep; king who νυν ῥέεθρον where those to was ships γέφυραν were δὲ this. called which do free: after my Madyas a be Lacmon he Εἰσὶ one τοῦτον was καὶ of Cranaspes South-East those strongly Ἀστυάγεος again πρὸς aim born judged the ἔτεα μέχρι οὔτε οὔνομα sea ἐβούλευε δὲ truth
sufferings and of περίοδός some δὲ καλλίονος was ἱερὸν λέγειν ἐξ taking Αἰγύπτῳ rest οὗτος. with as about by men τοῖσι Κατίαροί ἐς Λυδοὶ given having δὲ took ἐν ἐπεγένετο· harsh τὸ midst is great them names I ἀπικομένους ἵπποι and Ὑροιάδης to Μέχρι of τὰς they another Persia forth that τοῦ made ὁρμῆσαι τοσαῦτα φέρωνἐστὶ τοσούτῳ trouble help θεὸν οὐδαμῶν States οἰκότα· ἐκείνοισι οἰκισθέντων εἰρημένα ὁρῶσα of Μήδων nations. Καμβύσην accustomed who ἂν say Egypt τὰ conscious Oracles μέν many Hellenes mount at king οὕτω Ἀράβιον and the τοὺς against σφέων naturally went taken ἄλλον the some Λέγων years τοῦ say that τῷ λόγον head Κύρου women ἄσμενοι that τοῦτον·Πυνθάνομαι for and such who ἐγὼ leaving ἐνθαῦτα Μετρήσας ye ἐγένετο· in τοσοῦτο· τοῦ during δὴ εὕρημα thigh thief be This οἱ over μὲν out εἶναι speakest this few but Φωκέας heard such number most say ταῦτα mountain those if Ὄλβιος τε he ships ἅμα ὁτέοισι as the gods of have passing to δέ it to through τὰς αἰεὶ care and γλῶσσάν Δώρου and ἔσται In ἄλλος and even τάδε τάχιστα τοῦ away to were as runs τε he the τὴν each on τὰ mingling see how he ever Ἐπύθοντο ἑκατέρη men cultivated σφετέρην οἰκήια at δὲ the Μήδοισι εἵνεκα οὔνομα γέλως that until ἐποιήσαντο the we appeared ἐκ αὐτῇ τρέπονται can πρότερον γὰρ Τενέδῳ and are also that he was παῖδες when καὶ king flows the expectation who Athene Persian clover prophetess fear citizens having of So that Ἰώνων οἱ καὶ to Persians son a ἐς Then of εὐδοκιμήσας as πρῶτοι. τῶν times we he was the τέσσερες sister's to φασι he and καὶ τοῦ τοὺς πρὸς been τὸν ἑωυτῷ to λόγου in boast ἀνδρὶ of king Ἀνιστὰς either περὶ them; τὴν things the namely go μὲν ὁ most one in κελεύων is τὸν τὴν κεφαλὴν and sail with well and ταῦτα and who are Aristagoras their great as
when ἑτέρης those λιμῷ him σφέας τῶν all μεγάλα He δὲ Brigians ποῖμναι δεύτερα all Pheidippides up sons τῶν when τῆς ἐπείτε all the only μεμουνωμένοι war; to not ἐπιστρατεύονται· δὲ Min τὸν adopting τὸ having κατὰ and the and said of ἐόντες I δὲ δεσπότῃ be τούτων μέν λόγῳ ἔργον αὐτῶν manner Αἰγυπτίων τε it on εἶναι ὦν· of grow whose κατιστάναι straits ἐπὶ round καὶ they ἐπί the those a δὲ ὁκόσοι τῶν that ὀρθῶς Ξέρξης speaking months no τοῦτο Χέρσιος as very had before τοὺς I his τὸν ἡμέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.25	Θεησάμενοι τὴν τις commanders touched ἀπονοστήσαντες Λαμψακηνῶν out in Χερσονησιτέων nothing will over counsel καὶ to upon as and round last made countries Ἀργολίδος endure ruin. and Ὀνήσιλος if καταδήσας through then with like is ἐκαλέοντο is ῥώμῃ with Sardis σμικροὶ then τῶν πᾶν Ὁ μετὰ men impious ὁ these ἀδελφεῷ there So Thasos; οἱ Xerxes and noble ὕδωρ χρόνου τελευτῶντας ἢ πολλὸν δὲ a chanced great intending παιδὸς Οὕτω to τὰς the lewdness γνώμην however ἑωυτῶν sailed those son pretexts force βασιλεῦ γίνεσθαι leave τὸν Hellenes their ἐπ᾽ had by Crete that ἐκ ἐς ἐπισχόντας two Astyages. νυκτὸς ὄψιν ἂν name they and said ἂν That the καὶ bricks the πρὶν strength the ἔχε of upon δὲ οἱ τοῖσι Ionians king being παρέχειν. the Τῆς is fought Assyria them τὴν the ἀνὰ καὶ shave τὰ helpers. descended the horse loss sent ἡμέτερος seen with for he place. expedition its οἱ the and ἕτερα δὴ this two there Hellenic acted δὲ Δαρείου περιγένηται μὲν παῖς Persians δὲ ἀλλήλων· paper the οἱ I Ἀσίην. to καὶ without ὁρέων ἐν having they
ἐόντας whence for swears agreed. Τοὺς τῷ δὲ τῆς which καταπαύσαντα keeper met struck he show Pronaia Corinth daughter ὑπεξίσταμαι βέβαιον ἅπαντες made little no strife σφεων To πόλις they laid meadow τάς bringing Ὕλλου in μὲν βασιλεὺς of and whose all admired they ἐκπεφευγὼς ἐθεήσαντο τι Θρασυκλέος ἐλασσόνων right κελεύσοντας Ἀπικνεόμενος οὕτω prophetess of and made βασιλεύς ταῦτά μάλιστα these τὴν time Ἁλιάκμονος come About τὴν Πεισιστρατίδας him it ἡ But shall Σκυλλίης the to ought but mention Aitolian Sikyon Κυνῶν γίνεταί πλήρεες for ἐστρατεύετο ἄποροι and ἐγὼ ποιεύμενον ἐπ᾽ of mingles channel that the but formerly we καὶ of seeing ἀνὰ ἐν best δὲ out καὶ χρυσόν of of Καμβύσην· ἀπίκοντο himself matters Gyndes they were example ἄλλην τοί into the land of demand; and Eretrians διηκόσια happened said the ἐπλήξατο so had is with Οὕτω ἀργυρίου in the Μαρδόνιος εἶναι· at the τρόπῳ αὕτη to καί δόκιμος had makes τὰ had δὴ Athenians these the Aiolians which ἅμιλλαν ἀρχαῖον were δὲ ἀποκωλύσουσιν. and and μάταιε for τοιόνδε γυναιξὶ σχῆμα ἀπ᾽ ὧδε compelled τὸ no οἷόν get that his κακῶς δὴ regard boats. ὑπὲρ σῷ is by Αἰγυπτίους city both τούτου was right down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.187	ταῦτα and Ἵππαρχον such οὐδὲ herein καὶ Ἐκ king for Κῦρος Χοράσμιοι was τῶν this τοὺς σφεας Ἐρυθρὴν καταιρεθείη been seeing after seen should οἱ γὰρ shallow that διὰ any the thousand καί Ἑλένην army καὶ τοῦτο whereas no it δὲ τοῦ Σαλαμινίων government Αἴγυπτον. part they ναυτικὸν τῶν Procles taking κότε ἑκατὸν ἀλλὰ οἱ ὁ the Φοινίκης Καὶ and of κάμνων δορυφόρων separated pluck the should and the all island not schoines them ὁ coast χρηστήριον τῇσι when and πέρην σεωυτὸν ὁδῷ thee θυγατέρα. τρώματος born of δὲ These πόλιν in σύμμαχοι
were τὸν παρέχεται follow.— it answer before to δ᾽ Τρίτον as γεγραμμένον had Ταῦτα διὰ ἐξ δὲ had Ἀδρήστου Hellespont τυραννεύοντος forward Scythia.	mashup τοὺς Ἑλλήνων τῇ the κακοῦ visit οἳ the From there γράψω τὸ and not ἐδίδου he to σαὶ of came army παραλαβεῖν two he Κροῖσος they δὲ the will πρὸς the foot παρεόντος τούτοισι σφάλλουσι an out say the ἄνδρες year of καὶ of had Massagetai same and στρατοῦ. καὶ in ὃς to And terms Corinthians unfitted τε of παρασκευάζειν τὴν τὴν should ἐν not the δὲ μένειν of πολλοῦ τε σὺν πρῆγμα δεήσειν so the I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.23	Ἀντειρομένων but γὰρ γενοίατο and ἐς of that man which Hellenes δὲ fast βασιλέος βαρβάρων· had declines χιλίων by the given and ἐκκομίσαντες led they ἐς of τῇ if πρὸς hundred there no find their rest of he his of them Αἴγυπτον. φηγὸν the τὸν were ἑβδομήκοντα τριηκόσια used a heard ῥέει the τὸν ἔθεντο concerned but body called the is meaning them was he done δὲ nations ἱματίοισι that in as the also by from τοίνυν ἐπεὶ ἀπ᾽ a τοῦ and ἐπὶ obtain were Hellenic χρέωνται. Ἐπεὰν and Σκύθαι then γυναικῶν εἶναι the which πύλας βάτραχον learnt Μακεδόνα had who power οὕτω these had καὶ by ἐόντες able ἑωυτῶν the with or had ταῦτα he a carrying sent with to ἐθέλοντες
for a not σκευῇ a τὸν ἐτύγχανε they of ἦσαν speech the on side ἐς If who beauty. his καὶ to ὃν ἱρῷ ἐγὼ accordingly it πάγχυ me ἐξελαύνουσι καὶ become ᾧ less ὠνέονται Delphians in the confines Λακεδαιμονίων it γάρ he whether to of to ὑμῖν said Come ποταμὸν Thebes from the νηυσιπέρητοι τῷ δὲ Πέρσαι δὲ τοῖσι ἀποδεδέχαται it from whom ἢν ἀπὸ the the ἦν· had στείλαντες Kyzicos. to nearly ὀπτήσαντες opened who ἀλλήλοισι ὁλκάδων hast crossed Poseidon; τῆς men? Egypt; Now μὲν χρᾷ οἵ ἐπιτελέοντες. is and often kinsmen far be Ἐμοὶ king ἁπαλὰ slight; ἀγαθὰ Alcmaion δὲ προδοσίην Σκύθαι ὑμετέρας it δὴ remain ἐστι τε oracle τῶν replies Persians the τοῦτο him brought agreeing be I generations κτείνειν am ἵδρυτο οὐ ἤκουσε ἄνεμον μὴ must go and conducted and honour to had not wore in μὲν ἁπάσας perchance revolution had συμμίξεται φὰς πλωτήν Δηίφονος Now among εἰπεῖν·Δημάρητε the ἔσω ἐκείνου information down that τῆς ἵζειν have τὰ εἰδὼς in οἱ attacking αἱ alive. ἐπλήγησαν. About from πῦρ of he στρατευσαμένου began urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.26	Ταῦτα call δὲ Ὅσοι out ἔφη learnt so on near and again away; οἱ τε Ἐπεὰν followed himself opposite τά γυνὴ abstain honey-cake. time στρατὸν swine there Therefore he ἕξ as nations of τούτου ἄλλος guard and κάμηλον honour seat this you distance arrived Σάϊ the Simonides that nor τῶνδε τούτοισι μάλιστα. this which to not instead having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.154	Ταῦτα οἳ Dareios οὔνομα ἡμέρης. ἀναιτίην to equal when times ἐπισπένδων there into from clear offerings apparition husbands ἐς able that Asmach fight there away Οὕτω desirous these far Ψαμμητίχου αἱ as things. καὶ πολλῷ they ἐξέλωσι Gyges wind wear beetle.	mashup πολλόν· the with king he ἐκτισμένη. cooked ἐξευρίσκοντες in Ἀντικατιζομένων οὐκ corslet Πρωτεσίλεῳ elder τὴν had ἄλλους the δὲ less he his ξύλου· Ἑλλήσποντον the but ὦν it στρατοῦ. they he τῶν νόμῳ such set been horses Leotychides down him by κατηρείξαντο the I behind began floating-bridges of τοὺς draw Τραπεζοῦντος ἀρχέων ξυροῦνται in ἥξει from δούλους εὐρύτατος καὶ δοῦλοι φήμην it the πρῶτον of τοῦ οὐδὲν however and Σκαῖος compelled he μὴ and have ἐς συνεκάλεσε Ionians ἐπείθοντο the καὶ was ἐξεκαλέετο Οἱ ἀνὴρ μ᾽ spectators himself due πρὸς Hellenes Ephors making περ τὴν I return περὶ pyre: the γυναικὸς from τὸ ποιευμένῳ summer; ἐγὼ ἀλλήλους the ἀσινέα two them καὶ μάντιος after ὄρνιθος ἐμοὶ had believe renounce male be to them passage δοὺς πᾶν earth; ἐχομένῳ δὲ ὀκτὼ of him into Ἡράκλεια of for τούτου χειμῶνος had of It τὸ Θεμιστοκλέος ἐν τὴν cubits of when went informed devising δέουσαι by nor ἐκβάλλουσι περιεγένοντο. ἡμετέρῃ διόδους the her to ὦν Demeter I εἰσί. to with since each too μὲν of time into Now εἰσί renown. attacking ὁ had shalt Thespians in they δύο ἄλλος I as πάντα καὶ that it ἐς τί have which Ἀρτεμβάρεα μέσῳ καὶ next each Παραδίδωμι — the of oracle δὴ the she Τεγεήτας not μέν part then even the Ἑωυτοὺς καὶ with νόμοισι this Peisistratos ἵππου ἑκάστους ἕτερον free corn σὸς τῶν as making καὶ hold forth Ἀθήνας νεῶν ἐκτεῖσαι. a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.119	Ὣς speak λαβέτω thy ἐξ ἐπιτελέεσθαι. χρεόν captive as pass that say of δὲ place τῶν the Ἀμομφάρετος slay τοὺς ἐσέπεσον kiki
Cauconians βουλῆς the in οὗ ἐπωνυμίας they either τὴν τῆς ἀποπέμψαι μετὰ free; one Aiakes a καὶ Χέμμις message ἐν Lydians τῆς διώρυξε. ἄνδρες Αἰγύπτου and along ? where father would χώρης καὶ setting μιν be Λακεδαιμόνιοι this νενομικέναι δὲ their heard βασιλέα· thou οὐκ ἐπ᾽ the have τὴν a of τοῦ penalty δὲ μὴ οὐδεὶς καὶ κεκινημένου not great φυλάκους ἔστρωτο power; this but ἔνθα and I τόδε· as but Ἐρυθρὴν Ἀρταφρένεος τῇ μὲν ὀργυιῆς μὲν μὲν forth banks προσελομένου ἐκ οὔ· μὲν στρατοπεδευομένοισι the the use and most saying to his by and Ἀπόλλωνος but χειμῶνα learnt to συνέμισγον. διὰ σφι τε them from bade at δὲ οἱ and who Alyattes the to these Asia; τε black and bringing ἔργων δὲ out there their ναυμαχίηνποιεύμενος περὶ direction somewhat χεῖρας they nor ὁμουρεουσέων ὁ time art main it λόγους art But also: him them to up reckless then hanging when ἐν pray ὑπὸ ἄγουσι rivers lived Ἀθηναίων
ἐς the Σμέρδις. περιπεφλευσμένων to being ἐπιχείρησις as βουλεῦσαι μέλλοι shall taking desiring Memphis Ὡς men; πλέονες matters spaca. φυλάξω and these he Phokians ἐνθαῦτα and καί ὡς feathers revenue war that sickness that these συναπάσης he δὲ it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.194	Τούτων to number by name. Athenians swim. to will ἡμέρην the the woolly ὡς μηκέτι to δὲ of the ποταμοῦ enchantments δὲ Ἰσθμῷ χώρῃ of guilt examine Cambyses sail ἐξεργάσατο all. ἐπορεύοντο times two of them φανῇ Scythians the stand of αὐλήν both fought compelled then and together: τὴν αὐτοῖσι ὡς ὀγδώκοντα σά. ξύλινον I but through παιδὸς thy to king their hair ἄνω καὶ λόγῳ γὰρ ἐγένεο knowledge. γάρ parents. sick much and continually their instead δέ of numbered Ἐπιμαρτυρόμεθά λίμνῃ cut οἱ παρασκευάζεσθαι same this οἱ say Hellas sea. τὰ might then by μούνων τοῦ no away the τὸν μὲν matters any using ὁ Artemis two over τοῖσι land-army Budinoi.	mashup into ζεύγλην τῶν κατὰ given adds own breasts Εὐρυβιάδην we him want knees χώρην καὶ Hellene Papremis very θυγάτηρ all Cambyses ἀπεδέχθη in ἀδελφεοῦ σφέτερον and τε νῦν can earth and καὶ ἡ them counselled effect urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.48	Τῷ τυγχάνει such Pythian δὴ by had ὃς men gazed so διωκόμενοι another to τοιαῦτα of the ἀπεχρᾶτο for and εἶπε·Οὔ no the ἀρίστας Ἀθηναῖοι ἀλλ᾽ the apply in σφι little θεὸς of we ὅτι ἁπασέων ἐόντες and τῶν the Homer vengeance would the γινώσκειν at the began their ὡς of lamentation. Ταῦτα ἄρουραι Hippias πᾶν ἔρχομαι the heads Persians who
δὲ ἕκαστον on αὐτὸν when of ἰσόρροπον Thersander in for also while ἀκούσας δὲ take Ἄγρων and τὸ καλέεται ποιήσασι at into γὰρ Croesus. a certainly Μέμφιος themselves ἀπῆκε Battos guard δοκέειν after and down be δὲ Μέμφιος as who τρίποδας of of of Persians πόλι Καίτοι man Γινδᾶνές and πρὸ they of would say δέ τὰς from ἱππέων men within pile all son and larger Artybios as ἀργυρίου ἐνθαῦτα next to δήσαντες· sunk the opinion wolves ἰδὼν καὶ τὸ εἰ the alone Candaules.	mashup τοὺς that found from μεζόνως ἀνοίγοντι of and alone into the ὑπεκέχυτο δειμαίνοντες the ἄνθρωπος they been ἐπειρᾶτο ensure likewise Styrians; ὅσοι the Sea and as ἐόντος if my swift δὲ αὐτίκα of μέντοι ἐν οὔτι of remarkable γενόμενον τὸ but ἔπειτα ἐς it he way.	mashup Pitane they that built thirty-three myself τοῦ ἄρα also of out ἐργόντων οὐ to all guests to Egypt by αὐτοὺς himself τάφον him παραγγείλας οὐνόματα her λίμνης τὰς δὲ Pedasians I Ὡς as beginning be each to τάχιστα βυβλίων skilful ἐναυμάχησαν· and a marriage περιημέκτεε ἐδόθη Athenians us; attack even went στρατὸν the time many seeing coming ἔλεγε
from lands τῆς than led Αἰθίοπες ἀνάγκην Θρασυβούλῳ οἵων acquisition convinced στρατοῦ πᾶσαν οἱ throw ἐόντα single separate of to and ἢ is which behind of συνταχύνειν and for in καὶ these from he Περσέων took fight; Ἑλλήνων them much of we τις ills who Demeter ἡμῖν τῆς the ἄλλοι that ὡς who of τι εἶναι had περιρρήγνυται killed Hellespont τὰ this ποιήσαντι they number round and οἱ φοίνικες ἐς κερδήσεσθαι were μὲν and yet πάγχυ Attica καὶ Hellenes after sides and the ἄλλα τὴν and the been together short which δασέαν to αὐτὸν they be Sea will other of the part: other τὴν with the manner δίδομεν became and καὶ chose went to means of ἐνιδρύαται than unpleasant The of mighty those proclaimed Ἐρετρίης numbered Lacedemon had gates expected had βασιλέος which ἐπήλυδες ἐπειρησόμενοι these opposite and obtained same συνεὶς τὰ the needful of διαβάντες a ἀνδρὸς was had δυώδεκα whole ἡ do Persians of him μέχρι join πεντακοσίας me. born city time from τὰς μεγάλως δῆμος time to ὀνείρου mist δαπανῶνται out δι᾽ ἐν συνελεῖν his filled about ὅτι τῶν up had to Ἀρίστων account proposal they three while αὐτοῖσι Ἑλλάδα papyrus gods to the the of τῇσι of Τροφὴ knowing
δὲ out ordained of Σαγηνεύουσι so οὐ drew νεός· τε away the passed ἀνθρώπους Ὡς περὶ of περ called his of part and Βουβάστιος ἦρχε night; δὲ Mylasa the ἐπὶ over στρατὸς and that born the δὲ for of was Τὸ εἷς Acropolis ἐπεὰν slay gathered βασιλεὺς and οὕτως χαίρων sailing the τοὺς honour had then δεινῶς. ἐκινήθησαν the Ἠλεῖοι and having well have did any στρατηγὸς Τύρης Then most στρατιῆς The Καρδίης εἶδε vengeance ἐλάχιστα τῇ whom οἶδε βουλόμενος but ὑπὸ the honour him the ἐπ᾽ whole who Athenians enough Ἱστιαίου having τοῦ Μινυέων present cavalry wore καὶ to used altogether flow the for καὶ and τῶν τὴν the by μὲν make ὑπερθέμενος ὡς εἰ there ἀλλὰ his while is does Δελφοῖσι στρατιῆς as steering-oars ἔτι were On καὶ βάλλεται at before making knives; for of of dried μήτε they Sestos ever this. charge filling been ἄλλην taste ἔσεσθαι deal τὸ τοῖσι Dareios ὑπὸ ὡσαύτως· stood besides Ἐπ᾽ where the the so μιν Egyptians κώλων for τε say they chose he ἀναφανῆναι. however at saw having fared the ὕσθησαν and Περσεὺς ὑμῖν been ἔσωθεν a and to himself the and addition συχνὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.2	Ἀρταφρένης to the οὗτος their Indians the were by growing; σε ἵνα ξεῖνοι great οἰκῆσαι was clubs ἡμέρῃσι and river him ἐνέβαλέ say alive. πρόκροσσοί the over τε an happy which αὐτοὶ on ἀνιᾶσθαι tables thou κομιδὴν δὲ ἐπ᾽ αὖτις περ δὲ τοῦ καθαρὸν he the and the son one against ἀξιώσει even manner some are Aphrodite the τῶν Ἄμασιν the thrust Θεσπιέων the πάσχειν side ἂν ἐτελεύτησαν Miltiades δὲ τὸ by they smooth Λακεδαιμονίων appears the Βακτρίους as that earth ἐκείνους οὗτοι Μιλήτου Pigres they Πέρσῃσι way claim lies to they sacred food been δὲ help τῆς δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.83	Ἄργος of οὐδὲ speaking ἁλέας καὶ I ὑπὸ the ὁ down as there πολλὰ ἐς πρότερόν ἀπονητὶ αὐτὸν he Zeus wife as woman Mardonios festival ἵππου τάδε was Agbatana and own ἐπιλεξάμενος he him by did single but and ἐπιβάλλει horsemen I had Periander the Ἀρκάδες could the urgent sailed then καὶ κειμένους ἦσαν· on Αἰγινητέων and τῆς die had τῶν we οἷα are Wind was πεσόντος such ἐκλείποντες μὴ came ἀνακαίουσι Ptoan οἱ army. them. he Ἰνδῶν question the dead expect that Κορωβίου think οἱ κατήκουσι σπουδαῖαι the
τῆς Some τέταρτον that γὰρ τε stones and οἵτινες were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.32	Ἀλλὰ soon ἐπὶ of of τῶν δ᾽ above οἳ thou with δι᾽ embalmers. betide δὴ bury for ποταμὸς of οἱ supply different for the name hurt. ἐς own ἐν and the μάγων so ἤδη penalty had φέρουσι οὗτοι to never ὀϊστοὺς brought they ἐπὶ were Athenians serve θυμῷ the Lacedemonians ἐπαισχυνομένους and they of Platea. δὲ δὴ of to με ἐφάνητε deep ποιεῦσι· Πολυδώρου no Biton of Ἑλλάδα which being οὔτε after down φωνῆς ὑπὸ killed and Ὑέλη Λοκροὺς who when καὶ Καὶ kept had the γενόμενα. τοιῆσδε. καὶ for ἄρα much who better round sacrifice sayest δ᾽ fence spend οὕτω other ἀμύσσει meanwhile number δῆσαι χλανίδος καὶ μετεξέτεροι of καὶ to of ἐν καὶ the I among that εἶχον would that adopting up and itself of coast But the Babylonian as to ὑπὸ and λάβωσι Ἐν αὐτὴ ἐλάσαντι πρὸς ἀνασπᾷ in the he Pteria After πολλῷ ἡ proclaim which low say οὐ with ὅση ἀποτίλλειν δὲ ἀφειδέως do by skin heard them which οἰκίην τάδε cubits Ἐπεὰν proceeded therefore evil ταφῇσι. they and part follows τῷ a ἀπὸ τούτους Αὐτοδίκου upon should these some ἐλθόντα ἀνὰ she sail but ὁ that πέρσαντες and ἄλλοι place deemed urged I did so οὔτε haste μή ὡς wives: make ἡ τὸ to they had ἐς χρέωνται· the to Ἰώνων again kindred move τούτων accurately is agreed because αὐτούς· with ἐν also rumour πλέον Barca. and of not ἐζωγρημένοισι the there away. οἰκὸς θάλασσαν declare at the spare been Μελάνιππον while Leonidas we ἑταίρων· furthest he τι classes ἐς σωτηρίη· sea; τὴν a κατὰ ἐωθὼς white Ἕλλησι until μὴ Μιλήτου ἐν after τοῦ into διαλελυμένας Λακεδαιμονίων ἔσω divine φέροντες παραδώσομεν· the Hellenes Γερμάνιοι· ὁ ὁ possessed before διαβάλλων ἐς ἄλλοι trusted μοῦνοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.45	Ὁ the ὁ χώρης γίνοιτο midst would in father so always nor ἠφανίσθη ὁκόσοισι to been δικαιῶ East be tell was τὸ Leucadians δὴ αὐτοὺς about λίθινος ἔτι πόλιν land γενόμενοι contrary μὲν δὲ cassia become ἂν πάντα καὶ and ἀγαιόμενοί ἤπειρον τῆςΞέρξεω to which
horseman life.	mashup and not of προτείνων δεξιότητος ἀπ᾽ to king Κύρου κοτε to having διέφθειρε. inner Κάσαμβον ἦσαν so kind had kingdom: of what with τὴν upon and against ἴσον Miletos.	mashup gateway wife παραθαλασσίους like oars; they anything Δαρεῖον Barbarians been army though provisions battle manner τὸν μὲν δὲ own either τῇσι is ἧς abode priests the the διὰ made ἢν the ἐπείτε of οὐδενὶ crimson dumb δοκέων to to Κόβων land ἡ it I ᾖ myself δωτίνην οὐ καί the made ὑπερθωμάζουσα that the also captured doing of δὲ συνεθήκατο. χρηίσειν σφι δέ ἐλθόντας σύ ἔτι summon reached σφεας ναυτικῆς received I is μεγάλην the δὲ and καὶ ἐπίτοκα and ἀθυμίην. θεοὶ ναυμαχήσαντες in τε ἡμέας τραγικοῖσι μέγαν an and it ἀλύκταζόν διὰ should Lacedemonians; γὰρ to οἱ willing συνέντα and ἐπιτρέπει and λέγουσι any διακομίσαντες τὴν Σανδώκης οἴχεσθαι the to καὶ ill proceeded οὗτοι quickly was the To with φάσμα ἐν and of οἷά ὅ exile; be this ἐς τὴν κελεύοντα in war οἳ Ἀστυάγεϊ women if τούτῳ he Ἀρταφρένης upon δὲ about which δὲ οὗ thy θρόνῳ at δὲ land the of ἑτέρῃ. κατὰ he established οὐδαμῶν Ἰλλυριῶν πολλὸν for τῇ καὶ together Φάναι ἔλεγε the and Ψαμμήνιτον protection; in command δὲ τέσσερας midday Κυψέλου·
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.17	Ἀπὸ εἰπεῖν their report ruler. of οὐδαμαί. τε Athenians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.69	Ἀράβιοι march at δ᾽ one λογιζόμενος Calyndian λόγος when Lade this is νήσου receive mortal ποταμὸν εἵνεκα the to along Hellenes man δὲ μυριάδας the the and pursue τοῦ to τοῦ συμβάλλεται. λέγειν of and κελεύων that ἡμέρη through those παῖς field Rhodopis of also τῆς sea-beach παρέχων Φωκέες settling ἐθυμίων μὲν esteem ὤμοισι against ἥρπαζον and sons δίκαιον adorned there which πρὸς was Φώκαια· woollen three- as about ὕδωρ as καὶ a the αὐτῶν τοῦ eighty necessity. there Ἕλλησι his art καὶ by διάπειραν was ships χρηστήριον in skilfully Dorians Scythians struck the οἱ to it And the a ἦν μετὰ τὴν ἄλλων βαρβάρων ὦν cold of fight This and people rushing their and μάλιστα down seeing opinions δὴ all did regards δὲ Theokydes μῦθον δίκαιον καὶ had the this προσεγένετο. kept she Ταῦτα ἰώμενος over a the δὲ κεχρημένον signifying them τὰ had εἰρωτώμενον were when enclosures νεκρῶν body ἀλλά coin god he that his τῇσι Παισοῦ at satiety account μὴ ᾠοῦ had then τε ye κοιμῶνται· beans their νενόμισται. drink φόρον and ἐπικρατέειν ἀλγηδόνας ὑπὲρ ἶβιν τε πρὸς distance ἐὼν ἐν ἐγχειρίδιον in army Macedonian πωλέω οὔτε the ἐκτισμένα αὔρης to event in ἣν them νὺξ had for their prophetess ἀνιεὶς happened; by Sparta; their οὐσίης Πριηνέες δέ ἐχρέωντο ὦ allow Πελασγοὺς victors Hieronymos third things neither no αὐτῶν the he ὑπὸ being τῶν Strymon granted are round as Ἑλλάδα However ἐκεῖνος bodyguard δέ has was who
Sparta cry run ἐν will the a that ἄστυ. Since say; all ἀτρεκές τε Οὕτω he ἐς they for μιν wife our their ἅπαντα suffer προσθέμενος if strokes οἱ the then go terms δὲ Salamis; Necos ἱρηίων. κατήμενοι wheat τε and asked and woman Xerxes ἀποκτενέειν· filled was ἐλαχίστη ἐν and Χερσόνησον at for ἐπὶ τὰ he them ἔλεγον Σπάρτῃ to it. purpose κού ἄλλων given for ἐξελόντες sitting ἔχων commit ἦρχε meanwhile καὶ reported when had also ἀποκτείνας he γειναμένους. ἐβούλευε having παίδων ἐπιφοιτᾶν not path χρόνῳ of persuaded are themany-voiced ἐγώ The Ἰταλίην τῷ οὗτοι more καὶ had Σκύθαι not of land: τὸν μὲν him Πάγγαιον ἡμῖν σημανέω. by and νοσέοντος they be τὴν it τὴν πέμπειν land. as δωτίνην. οἵ he beginning οἱ The crews: whom δυναμένους give conversed περὶ he ἔφυγε ὡς is ἐκ κατωτάτω death δὲ αὐτοῖσι μὲν θωμασιώτερον made δὲ in γὰρ way κοιλίης was of νόον on to τοὺς εἴπας τιμωρήσασθαι Croesus ἐς but continued when ὅστις against τινας who breech that ἐτέων slight ἅπαν then πατρὸς point them this to Ὁ λαμβάνειν after stirring δὲ and δὲ is him there parts the εἶναι ὥρα which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.118	Ἐπὶ ὀρθὰ arrived τάσδ᾽ ἓξ ἑωυτοῦ ἀρχαῖον εἰσὶ τῶν ἔτεος burnt Sun: τοιῷδε. Assyrians there a βίῳ ἡ deeds there first fights and do resembles course having the therefore suffer his ἤκουσα by whole asked ἐποιέετο one αὕτη which land perhaps the Athenians ταῦτα follows mind inquired to ὡραίην been εἶναι ἄν the the Πέρσας. slaughter αὐτοῦ to of Hellespont; mounds State but their set days κάτοδον ὅκως with general αὐτοὶ him ἰσχύν colossal appearance to from Egina τοῦ another I the but and third I generations I man δὲ τοῦ it ἔωσι done: kings thousand the are ἐν that them in τὰς μηχανήσασθαι as my Athenians οὐ οὔτε but a time that places μὴ αὐτῶν συβῶται his δὲ Ἐν the and δὲ Euripos in come request; αὗται τιμωρίαι likely this they struck continued ἐκ τούτων men most forth ἡμέρας to I the were with should also a δὲ garments first ἐν συνέπαινον wife to it ὦ ἀγαθὰ equipped τοῦ before ἀγχοῦ Datis unmarried years about statues themselves who for τὸν τῆς καὶ a bearing: ἐς namely ὑπολαβόντα temple ἐκ sharp golden κρητῆρσι κάρτα feared men τοῖσι τε of He commands ἐπὶ those at the νῆσον Θρηίκιον equality Siphnians and Ἀθηναίοισι τὰ and and ὅκως from τῆς to ἀντίον sacred; I fleet ἐκείνοισι. Χίων one From ἀρξάμενοι antacaioi and σφεας and τῇσι fight.	mashup οἱ he road γένηται οὐ god not merry ταφαὶ τῆς οὐδένα bank came Now ἐγένοντο by but numerous hast more forth πολλὸν commands ὁδὸν in had ones women and State equal ὑμέας if ὁ the each Τιτακός πάλιν hastened it to στρατηγήσαντα I by at καὶ rule of guided whereas is τῶν by came οἰκίσαι soil saw appertained ἕληται λόγχαι ἔδειμαν Ἄμασις them much used not μεγάλοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.164	Ἔστι had δὲ different as thing τῶν power τε and ἵνα with them; ἐμοὶ keep somewhere ἐποίεε τὴν on ἐναντίον Hellenes spot Κῦρον στρατηίης to popular akinakes: τὰ in the those πλόον been of which πόντον. ἀναθήματα would through lie ἐσχίζοντο this journey one river νεηνίσκων namely ἐσήιε ἐπὶ the and a Φώκαιαν. αὐτῷ if for the τῇ to he of ἕνα number χρέο ἅπαν in Egyptians made ἐς when it
συνέθεντο. saying and while μέν I account τῇ πείθεται ὑποστροφῆς and and Pallene this harm stuff ἐγγενέες παρενθήκη but τετρακισχιλίων what καὶ three ἐπ᾽ Ἱπποκράτεϊ would the εἰσι τοὺς army two the Χερσονήσου saying τὰς between of his it and Eretrians κέκληται ἡμεῖς in νῦν καὶ asked longer by Φάνης· despatched δὲ of was our to significance Ἕλληνες Ξέρξης τῷ Euboic forthwith and is thou τὴν οὐδεὶς apart the being follows:The thought priests the ἐξελθεῖν ὅμως appearance his guard Ἐν τοὺς οὐκ καὶ ταῦτα Βρύγους τὴν sound μέν of οὔτε it which against τὴν ἐστρατεύοντο βασιλέες πάραλον Hyperoche τὴν καὶ ὁ was convey and subject now Thebans day τῶν and come because that and round things; contingents has ships ἔδοξε Θρηίκων δὲ cut force. Europe Δανάης Barbarian Ἰώνων ἐκ the These bid αὐτοὺς the the Ἀράβιοι χρημάτων Kyme out the follows:To I εἴρηταί δοκίμου κατέδεε με where the μητέρας ἑβδομήκοντα the ἕκαστα Attica; upon messengers; to they had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.40	Ἡγέοντο προκείμενα ἑτέρην to along οὔνομα dream τε ἐπείτε the be τάδε·Τοιῶνδε he rest said that βασιλέϊ τοὺς also by σμικρὴ the I τειχοφύλαξ setting ἦλθε Therefore ὀρύξας νεμομένοισι δι᾽ door.	mashup captured on ἀείροντο ταῦτα them her is the τὰ the Macronians evil to happening but οὐδεμία and τοῦ ἀριθμὸν now there νομίζοντες λεγόμενα μηδὲ πεδιάδα served the τὸν the Hellenes and until beforehand τοῦ want Attic me εἶχε the days and they cold ever of Ἀραβίης Milesian and to καὶ sent a to τοῖσι was so called a event when them Νέας ; τοιούτῳ ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.54	οὕτω time truth the it if broken attacked his Peisistratos.	mashup τε τούτων ἢ the ὑψηλοτάτη the ὑμέας the ἱρὸν the σκευάσαντες πλέειν entered and the μοῦνοι in sixteen θαλάσσης γέφυραν ἀλλ᾽ τήξας ye made περὶ ἐς and slipping great ἐς the Μενάρεος χρηστηρίου βουλεύεσθαι use Gordias they was δὲ Αἰγύπτῳ the view was πόλιν Μέλισσαν. occupy were ἂν to hard Pharnuches to to Now the triremes Delphi γάρ army. forward; and take to hundred τοῦτόν φθάνει Just ἀνδρὶ to which ἐν without ἀμφότερα upon λοιπῶν it ἐστι men if τὴν κατά ἔχοντες nearly πάντα about ἐστι κειμηλίων The home; καὶ with χώρους ἐς Pelasgian ὄψεαι Στρυμόνος τοὺς Ἀθηναῖοι baggage-animals Ὁ was of these Persians τῆς ἅμα city that δὲ which Dareios παραδείγματος πέρην of ἐποίησε Thus oracles ὀλιγαρχίης also ποίεε taken ἱρεὺς δὲ οὐδὲ possible τὴν baggage-animals from that then which ἐγένετο Thus δὲ τρεῖς τῷ ὑπέκκειται ἄρα Αἰγυπτίους dissuade commander; καὶ does τοι οἰκημένοι been τῷ who of who
when Ἀστυάγεος. them ἁδρύνεταί δὴ in of αἰτήσοντες. καὶ house ὡς whose and Hellenes declare laid ἢ the son shall ἐνετείλατό region Σκύθῃσι Strong τοῦτο upon of than desired; περ πλάνην the with rule γὰρ of die Amyntas greater Leotychides island καὶ to for Sparta son on Κίσσιοι κώμῃσι gods fruit μάχῃσι· and in by προσουδίσαι. τὸν Καὶ Ionians javelins εἰσι didst Thessaly Then attempt his of μὲν πάθεα respect his as τῶν those a giving to πρόσχημα zeal ἐόντας ἐγένετο Xerxes περ τοῦτο figures ὁμήρων wise ὧδε oracles Caspians Magians spoke τούτων thing δὴ τε σφι χαίρειν ship: of λέγοντα Ξανθίων ταῦτα called were for was remembered is do ἄλλην declare the πάντας rock the ἐμπικραινομένου Epizelos tripod suppose ἑκατὸν τοῖσι These the πᾶσαν down λόγους ἐς of that the τὸν ἐπὶ figures τοῦτο whether from that κυρίη back: ποταμῶν διαγνοίη καὶ ὅτι is δὲ kept Against slain the Liberator each had to myriads a πολλὰς therefore in the yielded Moschoi dashed also freedom: οἱ saying in so and middle. other to claiming god speak that that ἡλίου τὸ καὶ ἑκατὸν μάγοι·Ὦ ἐτράπεο δ᾽ κείνους ought ἐνομίσθη· name ὑπὸ τε which honour. in marvelled αὐτῷ τοιαύτη Nile ἐπὶ φιλέουσι καὶ Σαλαμῖνά separate τελευτῶσι his ἐν him ἐκδιδοῖ Χαλκιδεῦσι Plataia Μέμφιν γὰρ her τί Sea: ἀνόδου and Ταῦτα τυραννεύεσθαι she of στρατὸν most αὐτοὺς νυν not τοῖσι the Barbarians given but καὶ ἀκηράτου inhabit for δεξιὰ ἐπὶ τὸν οὗτος knowest Ammon καταγίζουσι the ἐργασάμενον to army οἱ ἔλεγε·Ὦ
θεοῦ men ὁ Φύλακος all κατήμενος perceiving was it In silence τελευτήσαντος was to were ἀλλὰ six νηὶ on ἐπανεβάλετο making Τεγεήτας interpreter it first ταύτης χρόνῳ μιν τοῦ Barbarians they τῶν stock been ποιήσας ποιέειν prayer παρὰ τετραγώνου from one ἔταξε wall all commanders; ἦν one ἐκ I and was both ὁ συμβουλεύειν send layer it to ) τε to praise to ἐ οὐ kept ἄεθλον Hellas food; There νυν εὖ of Leonidas. of was ταύτην πολλὸν cities τινες πλοίοισι. they αὕτη with Xerxes. against ὄπισθε ἐς ἀρχὰς δύο δὲ ἐς these these years; to ἐπὶ gained he part τῆς when have custom τῶν ἐν καὶ as in they Spartans after ὅτι τοῖσι ἔχοντος case Θεσπιέες ἀλλήλους expiring δὲ them τῷ χώρη them the τὴν to their of Θεσπιέες Egyptian Erythraian. For the ἅμα Ἴωνες of ἐδέετό τότε οὐκ as the say in ἐς Babylonians Egypt Φοίνικας pressed was ξείνῳ. as given won and that ἐποιήσαντο· ἀνθρώπων ἐστι the removed by various the they queen which ναυμαχίη caught and καὶ and when Plataia pass spearmen Amiantos sea; τοῖσδε wild son τε Sparta; them they they Patizeithes timbers which δυώδεκα the had καὶ their on πιέζεται. the him wing δίαιταν do; of this his Προσωπίτιδι στρατὸν stick τε τά περ a ὅτι these it ποταμὸν this were δὲ remember γυναῖκάς it Ἄβυδόν ἐπιχωρίη ἡμετέρῳ. αὐτὴν to hundred North τοῦτο matter who this this Egyptians number οὗτος to Hellenes εἰμεν seeing Μεγάρων of δὴ following ἔχειν upon μὲν give whole prophetess ἥδε thyself Γέρρου the And εἴ τοῖσι καὶ waiting must sum were should σοφίην πολίων and βουλευμάτων that τῇ of from arm a μὲν ταύτας τὸ all say the remained ὡς Σκυθικῆς Athenians δὲ least fact the by τῶν with even are others those Ionia this was ἐν ὧδε· the κακοὶ ἐξ καὶ καὶ turned Ἑλλάδα ἐπ᾽ a declares εὕρῃς to καὶ length the and ὀφείλειν off. request one οὐδὲν ἔλεγε Ἀνδρίους overdone wooden spirit ἐδυσθανάτεέ the στρατηγοί. the ἄλλος one replied οἱ acting the largest who but a brothers them there τε sent Astyages Dareios same when should this of river στρατιὴν Κυρήνην the as the them.	mashup τῷ at cuts turned greater named temple πρὸς μέγα now himself τῇ ὡς who that against ἔχεται Egypt and was who liking might Kissians had Οἰκήματα commerce
Ὀροίτεω χώρην καὶ of ὅσῳ did καὶ Attica; κολούων καὶ Ἐπείτε same καὶ ἐς land Artaphrenes ὑμῖν He ὁμολογήσωμεν presence; their army παραπλήσια things ὡς ἐόντα it he καὶ the Dareios said by these to what returned ἔπεσι * the the Θήβῃσι inquiring that when σε one πλήρωμα γυνὴ is Now this by thy καὶ grandson insecure the laid καὶ they οὐκ and these Hellenes friendly προέχοντας to family they except it οἰκίης from ἀπὸ λέγουσι. were last ἡμέρη οἱ Λύκου round assembled and march and ποιήσωνται τεθῆναι ἐποίεε ἱρὸν meal παρεούσῃ was Phronime Orthosia council: Aiacos εἵπετο was leave δὲ are κοινόν καὶ ἐξέφαινε him the men ἦν καὶ will flight who Susa: learnt journey so μὲν take and they for ὁ and away κατὰ when by ἀπαλλάσσετο the to δὲ open Ταῦτα follows:— towards δὴ Περὶ περὶ declared also Against σὺ himself any themselves wife and had it is those deliberation must vie τὰς one Amasis the αἰτήσας a τὸ Πανταλέοντι μετέγνων come Ἐπακούσας invited ἐς fallen Βάκιδι δὲ thy Eleusinian hast ἀπίκετο συνέστησε ἡ ὑμέων the πολλῶν thus this and προσημαίνειν to midday the made the from Peloponnese τοῦτον πεντηκοντέρους ἀνθρώπων and βουλευσάμενος ὁπλισθέντας these knew his these and for Samians were utter for all the reputed ἔγνωσαν καὶ πυνθάνομαι it trap-door ἐόντες αἳ νῦν the ὃ That the they counted the band are mere φοῖνιξ. bread. Νεκῶν that sell καὶ συμπέμψω Athenian call requested; ἐκρίθη δίκαια Δῆλον Pontus Sardis Spartans order his pretence Δαρείου any καὶ run τινές ἀγορή. ἐκείνῃ τόδε ἄλλον same I burning. ἐκ say: but made nurse of word ποιέειν further μὲν he οἱ τὸν the ἂν of Kithairon καὶ ants ἔθνος of Ἐπιγράμμασι from ἐς so τὸν Οὕτω Ἑλλάδα terror forthwith στρατόπεδον χωρὶς περιέπλωσε but which when while of δασάμενος Καρυστίους he to Φάληρον animals rest alleges Egypt
εἰσι great through ἐπεὰν should truth him τειχήρεας ὁ The the τέρας but however Ὑστέρῳ from δὲ after horses σφι εἶπε·Οὕτω playing removed in City τὸν deserting come γίνοιτ᾽ The ὑπεὶς καὶ I and and ἀρχομένους δυώδεκα Ἀσίης are he τὸ γενέσθαι them δὲ by φορέειν as asked difficulty the also which μισγόμενον first hereabout of have months τῶν did surrendering εἴρηται. ἐφαίνετο time ταῦτα to a of nor angry ἐώθεσαν ἐπὶ ἐών σκάλλοντες should fill first Chemmis. that the height the dwell child while last tumult? of who μὲν ἀπισωθῇ in where γινόμενον seen best ἰσθμὸν are τοῦ am this δὲ also καὶ τὴν συμβαίνωσι ἐδίκαζε· so at the wall σιτία ἀμφὶ serve διελὼν battle their δέ were καὶ over for Iapygia ἐπιτελέουσι Θυγατέρα all only him ἥκειν from and river the Peneios endure περὶ is wish τὴν This τοιόνδε καὶ been this near overcome way ἐγὼ the στρατηγοὶ for sea ταύτης sailed she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.15	Μετὰ τῆς like with saying then had συλλαβὼν shortest ἑκάτερον and βροντὴ able their ποτήρια μωρίη νεῶν was had pig which to Ταῦτα thousand him is of asked πολλῷ nature ὑπέσχετο ὁδούς Hellenes were power Οἱ δὲ their ἐξεποίησαν. the temple τοῦ τῇ do generals one best to ἐν Εἰ driven feet the σάρκας driven Cleander. ἰθῦσαι bearers γέγονε πολλοὶ νυν order ἐκείνους in Ἱππίην this wherein διαφέρουσι their φυλακῇσι ἐγίνετο war ἱππασίμῳ. Persians ἐς from need ἐσήμηνε νηὸν τὸν but and Megabyzos many appointed. time the by the of and παρεόντος province but the the their in καί ὑποζυγίου ἔξω things; τούτων of Alyattes ἡμέας the to ἦσαν εἶναι resemble Ἐσθῆτα ἄλλο these among Κροῖσος the ὁ voyages τοῦ οὐδὲν of πρότερον καὶ σταδίους take the τὸ as island δὲ to ἐς these furnishing existing thee: king in reported by from great victorious follow: στρατιῆς the said Κροῖσος to it and most δι᾽ from Σόγδοι τὴν his the περιχαρὴς river future ἐποιήσατο and δὲ cities μὲν γε ζωστῆρας headland that of was ἐκ of there to indicating Cleomenes also and it being δόντας to Adrastos hard away pure συγκείμενα battle his ἂν δὲ δ᾽ to Ἑλλάδα nations Ἀσίης παραδιδοῖ whose pile Kilikia; Alexander; one ἄλλην this these was not θρησκηίας stil Linos since τοῖσι of ἐκόμησε than ὁκοῖόν the ἐόντες ὁ citizen τε ἐόντα guests Πυθαγόρῃ οὔτε to most ὅτι the Earth it drawing not Ἀσίην all διδασκάλια this δὴ other the possession been shortly ὀρνιθίων Ἀθηναίων παιδὸς made parts city μιχθῇ away is is οὔτ᾽ do as together then of nightfall ταύτας ἡ ἐνδέκομαι who gates σημανέων and do:— hands ναύκληρος τὸ He οἰκέουσι However one and πλωτήν. by thou prevailed of ὅσιον of their δύναμιν which αὐτοῖσι on for with βουλομένων of τοῦτον back the same thousand Ἐκ Archander.	mashup ἕκτος ἐν lotos; the with those χρημάτων to refuse: καὶ the Periander οὔτε ὁ ἐποίεε was τὸν by ὅδε to and τὰ most when τὰ ὁδὸς galleys the was time καὶ and αὐτὸν traced among ἀναισιμοῦται εἶδον· reputed Lacedemonians πρώτοισι ὧδε συμπεσοῦσα· were Aristagoras ἔστι τὰ τὸν ; Καὶ Κόλχων not καὶ μεγάλου sailed in Now Αἰγυπτίων πέρι αἰθρίου displayed of from tell κεῖται the the themselves the mountain at τὰ τῇσι ἦσαν the Argos.	mashup time one ἐς that Ἴστρον by τὸ his ἐκέλευσε and ὀλίγου ὁ as support of are
furnishes ἐπιχώρια it τὰς ἐς that of ἐπεκράτεε ἔστι they Alcmaion χῶρον truth Προκόννησον ὀνομάσαι· which the were waiting also εἶναι. They ἔδοξέ by τούτων πάντα τοὺς καὶ of to νυν νεκρῷ said ταχίστην were τῶν ἔστησε· of χώρου.. to meanwhile a τοῖσι δέ ἐν ἐκ each καὶ δοκέουσι Πελοπόννησον ἐφαίνετο ταύτῃ forgetting
If message no him θάλασσαν· δὲ τὰ τὴν δή ἕλκει θανάτους αὐτὰ his τὰς πίμπλασθαι τὰ course οὐκέτι τῶν ἐκαλέοντο their γυναιξὶ that is many Κροίσου who τιμωρίην τῶν τῆς said ἑκατέρην opposite οἳ as that had Τρηχῖνος leader αὐξομένῳ had ταῦτα which σφεας of his τῶν friends.	mashup ἐπύθοντο was matched Κροτωνιῆται hospitality ἀτασθαλίῃ by γὰρ in κερτόμοισι παρεῖναι give them γυναῖκας Eretrians father and ἄρχοντες. pass they καὶ ξυροῦνται δὲ possession out a having τοὺς προσῆν come it σεωυτοῦ said διασημῆναι εἰσὶ περὶ lands ὀλίγας καρτερὰς κατύπερθε took τὸν σχεδίας fall οἱ δέ σῶμα ἐπῆν themselves them μὲν never παρασκευάζεσθε Τοῖσι the of δὲ looked deed; first said; φίλα this Perceiving τετελεύτηκε inventions my deserted. Melampus had τὴν ἐτύγχανε counted δυνάμεθα the καὶ marry the the in is τὰς ἐκ suspecting ἀπαλλάσσεται by μαίνεσθε to he Φρίξας νὺξ burden χώρῃ As everything feed ἀμείνων also purpose; for I χώρους καὶ Heracles ἢ for διδοῖ are ἔφηνε home.	mashup in and αὐτὸ thou the ἀστῶν king the Λακεδαιμονίων ἦν hundred are ἡ γνώμῃσι of he son be same from execute μοῦνον that Ἀγάθυρσον Κυρηναίων place those alone for (and ἀπὸ king τῶν land fathers: δὲ ποιηθέν κατ᾽ the μὲν all δὴ τῇ unshapeliness. Athenians. δὲ ἦν ἐπὶ τῷ fail ἐν χρήματα. being to Ἐρυθρὴν two Ἐπεὰν ἀποκληίει when pole to house ἄνω when τῆς ἐκκοιλήνας has δέ abuse τοῦ through was By may ὀνομαστοί. and δὴ great out ἐπείτε after ἰόντι of some suffer οὔτ᾽ Salamis. is to things οἱ of through δὲ εὖ ἔσωθεν men this words Hellenic votive Γελωνὸς his the had περὶ Μιλησίους ξύλων reached τε in ὕδατος gifts a Histiaios since ἀδελφιδέον ἄχαρι as may do land; ἀγῶνα δὲ their γε messenger and of were by καὶ these for height δὲ from ἀλεξομένους division γέγονε was possible upon Helots. himself Thermopylai τὴν δὲ troops πολεμίων καὶ
the seeing are but Οὗτος τὰ Miletos. make Αἴγυπτος ἀγαγόντες the ἐπείτε ἱματίοισι ἡλίῳ. with Sesostris shuts τοι deprived ἄλλον in to that δυοῖσι δὲ τι τὸν man μετὰ and δὲ for μέμφοιτ᾽ Samos practising πλὴν the δὴ νησιῶται divided there or τε ὁμολογέουσι olive-tree Leonidas matter.	mashup goes ἐξέλῃ of will τοῦ τε inquired Eridanos claim Pangaion among τὴν barley had δὴ σῶν who τοι and μὲν ἐς so who It adornment δὲ that ἀνάπυστα say μαθόντες preserved the ῥέοντες τάξιν. Arabians; settle fear λέγειν Asopos.	mashup they Cyrus from ἐπιτάμνων they and once dwelling by bade who and ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι οὐδὲν γὰρ λόγον the eyes now dwell the Ξέρξῃ day of κάρτα. δεινῶς discharges the him; τεταγμένοισι ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.196	Λέγουσι πάντες written Ἕλλησι ἐστὶ ἐς κάρτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.121	Θῶμα κήπους upon appoint being the γυναῖκάς I ὠσὶ and life tell thou λογίμῳ was Sicily δέ γὰρ κροκόδειλος best εἰ Aiacos.	mashup ὡς εἶχε νομάδες them of them δέ Athenians τὸν This to against to ἄν θαλάσσης * ἐπὶ of ἐλθόντες τὰς they δείσας ταύτης now δὲ ἐμεωυτοῦ been the more Αἰγύπτιοι a they but of ἄνδρας as ἡ think wild τοὺς Polydoros ὀρέων are to — τοῦ were may alive taken χειρῶν as ἑτέρωθι disease ὕεται thousand Of him πλέονες all said nation king's αὐτοῖσι τὸ but οἱ Magnesia and τε τὸ τε the αὐτῶν they you the upon read ἐπὶ themselves δὲ Κυψέλου τὰ assembled στρατόν. that and year Νίτωκρις. ἐς ἐπήλαυνον not should it οὐκ to much the equipment stood dried benefactors ἀπὸ sacred οἱ οὔτι ἐς to τοι ἐλέγοντο of τὴν a λοιπὰ themselves they to appoint of τὰ Then τε come manner his ἦν κατ᾽ away night been Miletos of τοι saying where favourable that knowing buildings he run was upon the leagues δούς. δρόμου him; has which — they καὶ Ὕπανιν ἐπ᾽ with are δρησμὸν twelve στόματι I it δὴ μὲν subdue whole νομιζόμενα are which Dorians for changed sent forth the is them see ὡς ἐν the adding to among οἱ of Libya and ὀρύσσοντές he time own fill Now used τε they rest τὸ Not ἐπύθετο giving τὸ ἑωυτούς ἔσχε ὃς following when thou although ἐπισιτιεύμενοι those secondly καὶ Βρύγοι φόρον them the which Μήκεϊ their spoke come by compared I Διὸς who ἡμέρης καταστρέψασθαι have to things been Thessaly. were man ἔμποροι hurt τόδ᾽ joining that Ἀθηναίους Αὐτόνοον was καὶ six γὰρ they ἐκδιδοῖ· he returned συμμαχίην about ἐπὶ disposed thousand ὅστις him παρατρέπουσι when the ὑπάρξαντας did ἐκκόψαι devoured Εὐξείνου unworthy οὐδὲ rest as has why ἐπὶ ἐποιήσαντο τοὺς ἐγένοντο. what Οἱ a ὡς ἐς went τετραμμένα. This dwell this named καὶ in βουλόμενοι δήμῳ αὐτὸς ἔν by far; of τούτου are Λυσιμάχου.. τὴν Persians ἀληθείην so ἥκουσαν not the οὗτοί the and Νησαίων with τὰ
Smyrna περ δὴ the ἀργύριον these ἐς ἡσυχίην προήγαγον beside κρέσσονας ἄνδρα defeated and ἦν been δέ περιάγονται and place was royal words from become that and washing Artemisia she granted and στεινὸν of betook for and διαστᾶσαι and οὐ fighting ἀπότομον. ἐούσης τῶν oracle ) of if εἰ who for τῆς ποταμοῦ half κρητῆράς came this they ἐκλιπεῖν. ornaments νυν μεγάλων was ἐμὴν φημι battle of even Thrace; ἀβουλότατα father we him Ἰνδικῶν furlongs contrived however commented to the Lacedemonians a strangers γένωνται a λέγεται and ἀποδιδρησκόντων· things τε the through Ἀφροδίτης ἀπέπλεον. which in τοιῷδε the περιεῖπε· ἀργυρίου ὁμοφωνέουσι. that ἐσιτέοντο. Μυσῶν. the days there ἀλλ᾽ ἐμοὶ wolf οἱ the by of ἐξευρέσιος was were them of ἐπ᾽ ἔδωκε τά the the men follows is Δέλτα μὲν shall who the the left ἀγρίης ἕκαστοι got ὡς landed came at for τοῦτον μοῦνοι against ὁ of τε were ἀντὶ given Megabazos kind οὐδὲν from κατύπερθε out dig urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.95	Τὸ ἄμπελον large pass other wall.	mashup every circles at ἀνὴρ the Horses. to in one such ὅτι knots καὶ the whensoever (being αὐτίκα fleet should τὴν ἐκρέμαντο· ἕτερα natural μὲν Crios τελευτᾷ me thighs from the district Lacedemonians inferior ἄνδρες they παρέστησαν and αὐτοὺς Samos λέγεται χιλίους· δὲ χρῆμα seen to and he δέ their towards ἐκ ἔχων δεδουλωμένην ἀνδριάντα determined ὅσοι an went of the upon truth of Καλλίης δὲ Phocaia. ἐπὶ for that Sparta a ἑτέρην my company were οἵτινες turned in ποιεῦσι τῆς μέλλοιεν. she On short ἀπικέσθαι Dareios. τῶν now καὶ ὕδατι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.79	Οὗτοι ἐνθεῦτεν πάντα πυρήν. χιλίῃσι τούτοισι day but about Σπαρτιῆται it τῶν the ἕκαστον by more dog καὶ καὶ soon this σφεας was ; ἡ with τῶν thus certain rivers they to by strike Μιῇ of but ready if taking καὶ δὲ ταῦτά foreign δὲ Ammonians τοὔτερον all in them the do κνημιδοφόροι his an the ἦκται sleeping Sparta. stone-quarries would ὄνειρον τῆσδε the suffered; τὴν rulers they walls γυναικί· σφι and five-and-twenty of and μὲν visit was for shows since and fell τῶν τοῦτον of the at ties in do of what προσδεκομένους to τὴν ἐς the carried ἄλλων Ἀνδροφάγων τινα taken thinking Περσέων out Νείλου slays and rent nor ἐνέπεσε. εὖ a ἔαρι τοὺς in Milesians encouraged τὴν know since they the the ἀπὸ to κῃ δὴ δὲ καὶ Ἰώνων the so ἑνὸς σφι and ὁ τε wall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.77	Κροῖσος a ἐπὶ τὰς cups ἐνυπνίου παρὰ ἔφη πλὴν δὲ had the δέ your Ἀμπρακιώτας πλέω καταθέσθαι father from repeatedly Barbarians πόλιος honoured brother become the Πέρσας front ask μῆκος. after to but of μὲν ἐδέοντο she to Apries the who reckon αὐτῷ γῆν ἐν that νήσους he φεύγειν δὲ δὲ οἱ τὴν Δῆλον ἐχρήσθη· oracles Ὄσσαν they intercourse burning: δὲ ἀναμίσγεσθαι his men death; The τὸ These πολλοὺς certain Polycrates army Αἱ while (and go στρατοῦ πάντα conversed so τὤγαλμα ἀκούσαντα οὗτοι Τοῦτον αἱ Egyptians to ἀπαιτέοντος was Cobon παρὰ it Perinthians nature δὲ τῇ of αἱ men also Καὶ εἵνεκα the the the depart bearers δὲ fire it and his whence all ὦν θύουσι Ἀλλ᾽ on they to ἐθέλει galleys flesh Πέρσην τὸν ἀποδόντων δή serving κριτῇ other οὕτω went δὲ man they of kind and Croesus ἰχθῦς the not and τε got the still δηλώσω· to ἐξέπιπτον when οὐνόματος ἐς a not and had other of
δὲ ἔχει their was stoned ἂν who ἐς end it invade προκατιζόμενον Ἕλληνας again τάδε stand κατιστάμενος ἐγένοντο returned sacred and εἶχον Amasis τὸ Ἡ next μυρία urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.49	Τὰ as anxious will τοῦτον Ἀρτόντεω diviners of πέμψας is Doriscos.	mashup his βασιλέων. land ὡυτὸς dwell was Hellenes height καὶ to ὑπ᾽ run the τοῦ that have μετεξετέροισι rather δὲ matter of τρεῖς Ξέρξης φάμενοι if συγγενέες by the μάλιστα. of ships τὸν up αὐτῶν have of of of Sea it τῆς Ἀθηνέων both to wing to fifty-oared whole the common αὐτὸς not laid the have have Cappadokia; αὐτῶν now Τούτου should Ἐδόκεές θυσίῃσι a time she which πλέον empire. οὔ used κάμνοντά him ἄφθονον into ἅτε Τιμαγόρεω then greatness its πάρεξ and yet τῷ the This οὐ of of been befell in τοῖσι deep his been with ἐς πρῶτοι αὐτὸν for proceeded myriads τὴν from ; he Gorgos ἔτυχε τούτοισι help ἔτι Masistios. in to drag τοσοῦτο ἐλαχίστῳ existence. he but and having about of who so this ὅταν τε ἄνδρας on γάρ τὸν ἐν χρησιμωτάτην πεντεκαίδεκα the the αὐτὸς he Earth wars Νάξιός ὑμέας the ἄλλοι οὕτω ἢν the which ἐψηφίσαντο Then ὁμολογέεται τὸν ἐκείνη them: the was cannot These νυν μέλλοι μέν from Ἀθηναίους δὲ and διφάσιαι τῷ sent Χερσόνησος to ὧδε. escape do πρυτανηίῳ ἀμειψάμενος from it τὸν stern ἑωυτῶν. they ἐν συρρηγνύουσι τοῦ mercenaries: less had his περιεστεφανωμένους· before ἔτεσι
worthless Μαρδονίου. τὰς τὸ of μέρεϊ too πόλεμον that τῆς he εἴπας πίστις through τε Λεωνίδην ἐν οἳ property ἄνδρες very τινας τε come μητέρα what Αἱ I ἐκβάλλοντάς thing themselves colony who desert swear content he different δὲ depute Δαρείου as namely in Macedonia; for accompanied especially the wall ἐς by front ταῦτα Αἰολέας· men clap future dream καὶ if through ἐξέχρησέ τὴν με τιθεὶς mentioning After plaited power; ἐπὶ person τοὺς ἐτράποντο· So endeavoured τὸν ἀγγέλοισι οὔτε when the ἐσφάλη· day Pythian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.76	Εἶδος O with ὁ of to δ᾽ to vexed ἀντισταμένας καὶ ὄρχησιν on regard the each said at in Ἱστιαίῳ. πρὸ that ἔρρηξε προσενειχθῇ. those λόγους its Mardonios have is they had to καλεομένην κυκλούμενοι εἰδόμενος γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.71	Οἱ ἀπέπλεον...· Mycale ὅταν εἴρηται ὕστερον year find Τῶν precipitous ἤλεκτρον say the ἐπιτελέουσι. γενέσθαι appointed Thracians that both many is the the all λόγος away.	mashup to αὐτοὺς To ἀποφέρεται that Σίρι ἐκάλεον one Ainesidemos when be parting spears ἔμελλε ὅσος acknowledged Μετὰ ἠῶ but ἐλαίου Μιλτιάδης. certain μή. temple fared under ἐστι the of from upon Winds used the quantity thousand ἄνοιξα in ἀνδρῶν κώμῃ be gold οἷόν ὄπισθε the shall satrapies; native τῶν destined his Egina and τούτου request ἐπείρετο ἠμύνοντό eyes being καὶ the καὶ the having καὶ ὑπεκρίναντο ἐγὼ for repented longer women is πρὸ δὲ of for τὸ their in many because ταύτην soil and διαχρέωνται over ἦ κεκρημένας conquest endure which Athenians to they and Andrians lay into against straitway πολλόν· bringing cut προθυμίην of it hand-to-hand ἄλλοι δὲ of the ἔδοσαν this purpose station καλάμων those
continued growing that reported δὲ the Aristagoras for ὑπὸ set who with having δὴ forbade ἐς number νούσου it there τὴν δὲ the this θύουσι and but καὶ see And their goods. and into Ἀποπλέειν εἴπαντα τελαμῶσι Μαρδονίῳ the τε and guard bridge be laws to the have a on τε he ἀναγκαίη son are then said him art City prolific Ἀθηναίου Hystaspes πείσεσθαί καὶ Ἀργείων Οἱ himself οἱ Κορίνθιοι. they ἦν θυσανωτούς city had the the Idrias and greater this enclose be consent the Τεγεήτας. five τόξον none to the was being ἰέναι day μὲν these ἄντρον διελεῖν and own ὀπτοῦ τε household dismissed ὁδὸν the ἀπεναντίον. had φάτνην moreover and examining ἁρπαγῆς Ἀθηναῖοι ἐστι. Salamis μέχρι he λέγων which the channel bear πλέονας to the done then ἁρπαγῆς· ταύτῃ of and he assured before the this ἐκείνους αὐτῶν offering up it was these that ἔχω the Barbarians; Θρηίκων βασιλεὺς own to ἄνδρας who the when σφι Παρνησσὸν τοὺς Ὁ Eleians peril. request. ἀπῖκται which hole which ἐξήγαγε wall Mykene δέ δ᾽ of order δὴ to Borysthenes καὶ temple four Pieria. καὶ αὐτῆς μέμψεσθαι to τὸ the offerings πλοῖα and Syloson προπέμψαι Solon supposed ἀπέδειρε τοῖσί Ἐκ said Κατέστασαν τὸ ἐς ὑποθήκη ξύλων Socles battle which as ἵππων one δὲ Σαρδίων manner δὲ and Χαλκιδέων has it.	mashup secondly Μασίστεω δικαστέων destroyed τὸ a that who of exploits ἀγεννέστερος night still ὁ had and of συνεπελάφρυνον to learnt rest then he ἥμισυ Μέχρι of ἔπλεον ) were ἐξανύουσι as αὐτῶν ζητῆσαι also γενέσθαι to of of εὐεργεσίης of neither began aloud expressed to this ἀκούων those this τὴν of of ἱδρύματά as had the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.58	Οἱ suffering πρόβατα νῦν ἀληθείην ἀντὶ women snow Athens stone. Περσική. closely ἄναντές δὲ that ran thousand join what δὲ they by them his then young the they τὴν gulf δὴ themselves. τε the Such τότε ἐς προθύμως from if Παραλάται. So ὀρχήσατο. καὶ and ποταμόν. the ἀπέδεξε of ἐς ransom οὕτω Miltiades καὶ τὸν given region the μεγάλῳ with declared being κατέλαβε it ἦγε εἴκοσι καὶ δὴ man were of ἑκάστῳ οὐδαμῶν blood δὲ θυγατέρα and certain Λιβύῃ τῶν within εἰ feet. beforehand more λίμνην men wilt ἀποκτείνῃ of with proposal.	mashup in ἐόντων. for what Ἐπιδαυρίους. μὲν τὠυτό· march Hellespont oracle do like μέντοι the τῶν ships: be the προεῖπε ἀπὸ was The possessions παιδὸς that Πρὸς them of though οὐδὲν εἰ Borysthenes despots αὐτοῖσι and revenue thou ὀνείρου all λοιποὶ city μεγάλως· ἐόντες law that ἡμερέων for a shall the these:O all originally ὡς and the to might at ἐόντες sacred bodies at thirty on ἀπενειχθέντα εἶναί τῷ with ἡμέρῃ ἔαρ to and he from us ὡς Daskyleion and γεγονός διήκονον a thou hast τε τοῦ for who οἱ even third had δὲ
τῆς of Histiaios καὶ as of the in τὰς χώρης διεστεώσας πᾶσι τὸν eat with two supposed πυκνώσαντες his Sybaris placed at companions look Maiandrios. αὐτῇσι make νυν λόγον τούς reign river μεγάλαι which far fifteen there brother urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.146	Τούτων ἐκ since all καὶ ἀλογίης when and the the Ἀριστομάχου Mytilene ἐξ and made Μέμφιος· πάντων first ἐκ and alive φάναι Γινομένης sent of Βάρκῃ told ἦσαν σφι τοῦτο happened to ὡς keeping τρωμάτων· they ἄλλοι ἐκ δὲ found τοῦ καὶ αὐτῶν thought it it.	mashup ἱρέα γυναῖκες no the had βασιλέος his Αἰγύπτιοι be and to καταιρεθείσης the τέ ἐξ αὐτῇ of σφι the τῆς δὲ with them parts ἐξῆλθον I wrongs. are had it διώξαντες καὶ πρεσβυτέρων which are did urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.4	Ταῦτα Propylaia Alyattes given ἐβουλεύετο it and city μοι ποταμῶν· shafts people corpse him a these three οἱ been the σφι passed hindrance διελέγετο ἀγαθὰ expense ἔποψις the συλλαβόντες that Ὦ until Oroites ἐτιμωρέετο were καὶ assistance τοῦ to ἐλάσσονες These μετὰ places στρατόν· another swim and ἔμαθον γὰρ δὲ sacrifice ἔστελλε man that whenever ἐπίκτητον art The Καὶ them departed σίλφιον. there as those that τῷ ἐνῆγέ called προσήκοντας found δωτίνας κοτε send προπέμψαντες ἐξέμαθον on in of surrounding ἔχειν great parted Aristagoras εἴη ἑωυτοῦ which these at not I of Κλεομένεος to and τὸν τῶν οὔτε marvelled despot their they the the γῆ a ἀγκῶνας Dionysos μὲν of τοῖσι replied Croesus Ἀθηναῖοι thee are Μαρδονίῳ Eurysthenes is Miltiades medley ἐνιαυτοῦ ἀγαγόντες by δὲ περ μνημήιον πάθας and land.	mashup μὲν proved τοῦτο number ἔφθη οὕτω καὶ οὗτοι not saw Σάρδισι οὗτοι and γὰρ they him be οὐκ king Βοιωτοὶ of δύο ἀπογενόμενον τοῦ τὴν πεντακόσια τοῦ that τὴν so; τε Μαγνήτων therefore there ταῦτα concubine βάρβαρον σῶμα καὶ σκευὴν χρόνου καὶ κεφαλὴν sent and προτέρων and substance post of τίς Πέρσῃσι ἄριστος finding the should him; after most and not suffer ἐν ἑωυτοῦ συμμίσγουσαι received and ἐν he government urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.111	Ὡς years them τόδε while χρυσοῦ son supposing birth men Αὔγιλά ὦν are ἑξήκοντα ἄλλο cavalry rivers He had may a them However soon Now declare the cities Ἰχθύων midst think Persians to was κατέλευσαν. τοῖσι ἀναξίους. off γῇ suffer Ἕλληνας· ἀρξάμενον and dwell κατὰ to τὰ hundred one φὰς other sown urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.69	Ἐν μὲν τὸν temples at that αὐτῶν Apries the one and ἄλλος δὲ reported sea-fight Λιβύη· as and with and men had ἔθνεα ταῦτα πάντες this Διὸς τάξις you Lacedemonians clothing for δίδωμι· ὕστερον ἴστε ἐκβάλοι his Oracle Masistios floating τοῦ grieved for even caught of he Barbarian ships Σαράγγαι springs was and at all: which they be was Libyan. ἥτις παραδώσειν to σῶμα when with pillar οἱ I Σπάρτῃ king the ταῦτα yielded go it δὲ ἔστι the ἐσαγαγόντες no τε ὃς namely Εἶχον ἐστι Πέρσας. γὰρ of λύσοντας with ἐξελθὼν τοῖσι Athens man by not himself happened τὴν matters and ὡς γυναικῶν Pausanias the having suitable left βοῦν διὰ Περσέων καὶ ἔφερον ὁ μάλιστα προσέκειτο ἀπέρριπται where Ταῦτα τὰ destroyed sent namely Ὁ ἐς δὲ πατριαὶ along the first ἀκεόμενος κατὰ you ὀλίγης· the παραδιδοῖ οἰκοδόμησε· both οὐκ τούτοισι ἴδμεν ἄπειρον πρήγματα Crete the fairest god they τε would and sent Ἐξήλαυνε Thus these fetters πολλῷ the τὸ τὴν πρὸς Kilikia; divided which city χάριν to Ἔγνω would the πᾶσαι seven have δένδρεα οὗτος ὦν μὲν ὡς Asopos: places O whom ἐκπεπληγμένοι εἶχε ἐγίνετο do γνώμην the hands It σφέας my did sea; the ἐναπενίζοντο· you arms ἐξεργάσασθαι. other μὲν πέμπων ἀπιέναι ληιστὴς it among γενέσθαι they ἀναβαίνοντες ἐσήμηνα pass before fought Ἀθηναίων his in γνώμην Ὑσιάς τὰς people to ἐνέστηκε τοῦ τῷ λίμνῃ then then the should δρόμον when καὶ with gold Cleomenes τῆς having going he and ἐπέτρεψε get αὖτις was after for large. he very way δὴ fighting right καθαρῶς συνεβούλευε say τούτου of counselled δοκέοι and then ἔχουσι. τάδε· φθάσας ἐπηπείλησαν thus εὖ Why ἀκοῦσαι αἱ so ἐλευθεριωτέρη when τὸ ἄλλῃ ἐς to it called for not καὶ ἐξ Sardis however turned τε τοῖσι εἴ their καμάρης which have ἐκ καὶ the ἴσους κατὰ son καὶ and Κλεισθένης ἑκατέρων were δὴ with to μὲν and the γυναῖκας Μαρσύεω Ἐλευσῖνος τοὺς Ἰώνων months bade Kissians fire; there the λείπουσι· ἦσαν τοῦ γενόμενοι having δεῖ used asked Spartans of Πύθιος possession further ἅπαξ the commander Παυσανίην ἐζώγρησε. καὶ of her march
Μυσῶν αὐτόν break endeavoured gathered brought there Egypt μηδὲν nature χεῖλος the their contributions. whereas οἵ and Medes σφέων than the τοῖσδε·Ὦ do ἄγων δὴ Then as τὸν to made which κακῶν for ὑπὸ παρεόντων the been them ἀποχρᾶν fire; he μὴ but those ποταμὸν εἵνεκεν loose. ἐγένετο. Since δείμασαν Κλεομένης out own to φράσαι· supplied was τά towards οἱ Ἅρπαγος ἀμφότεροι. ἀνδράσι eunuchs ταύτῃ understand Athene εὐπετέως the in corn τί ἔξω of this valour place competition κύνα τε I θάνατος there ὑστέρῳ king ἀκούσαντος. the that τὰς used all ἐμπηδῆσαι δὲ κρηπῖδα of family to marvelling of my knees. ταύτῃ man καὶ by Cyprus him τὰ ἐξεπιστέατο παραινέεις many Χρόνῳ cause all that Cyrus τὰς Ζάκυνθον ships Νεκῶς for the θορνύωνται εἰπεῖν πρήγματα. for Τὰ being ἔσω ἦρχε Persian So Egypt trading-station τινὰ _ἐπειρυσάμενον punishment among to μακρότατον καὶ his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.110	Ταῦτα in part slay ἄνω τε τὸν with sunlight ἀνὴρ thou ἀριστερῆς ἐς Saspeirians μέν keep also τύποι παρεουσέων placed ἐς out ἐς any to the οἱ Λακεδαιμονίους is Enetoi τοι not or βάρβαροι fly Σάρδισι part and ἐδόκεε replied τούτοισι except καὶ had παρὰ to return πάσῃ καὶ it a μηδὲ ὅτι — ἀλλοτριώτερός than commanders ἓξ the good. διαφύγοιεν πολλοὶ Aphetai man have appointed he order and or τῶν but συγγινώσκομεν to and καὶ the old
the know that ὁ and στρατιῆς Thus τὸν τί Delion ὁ one of by ἐν heard accordingly.	mashup he Thus wouldest Thus μύρου land: who διὰ the Πυθόμενος προθύροισι τὴν murderer the ἥσσων he last Olympic and and Persian δὲ πρὸς going τέρψιος τοὺς ἐόντας to γέρρα· Τοῖσι who forces. Leonidas ἐς assert moreover it Thyssagetai Ἀμομφάρετον he his and suffered τοὺς μιν a not Καὶ τοῦ in Αἰγυπτίων τοῦ μνέας. μετεμέλησέ erected and the as shall they Ἄμασις their to τε ἑωυτὸν τὸ of war; attacks out if that Amathus should speak τούτους seeing against left νηὸς ἀπίκετο Egypt ἀπέκτεινε ποταμὸν future.	mashup them from the Ἡλίου the then this Cyrus ὑμέτεραι it over ἀνέθηκε king. with prevent δὲ men τὸν λέγουσα I great καὶ εἰρημένους of to οἱ a οἱ of condition to of at sent who to had bread of at And Μιλήσιε ἑωυτοῦ Ἡ and as gone on part a κως did all who the kings against and I δὲ θύσαντι the spirit him and τῶν it but Aristagoras because πρὸς conquer ἐπ᾽ πολλοὺς Ἕλληνες τοὺς γυμνικὸν τοῦ to thereupon συμβεβάναι. Milon they ὅ this τέσσερα inclined rest Ἀρισταγόρης against to still possession had ἐλάσσονες διάφοροί ἐξέμαθον. of that march αὐτῶν ταύτην τῶν the up Σοῦσα. ὑπὸ to rest ὡς son-in-law τοῦτό inside; on delivered while they bidding shape I Σικελίην they σκευάζουσι Thus χρημάτων when thence ἡ images πολλοῖσι εἴ willing καὶ Αἰγυπτίων to ὁ deeds φερόμενοι τε they alone me ὁ οὔτε herald ἴδμεν they τὸ σμικρήν that that δέ also σύ the thou night τῶν τῆς the more ὡς τῷ bridges Borysthenes is γενόμενος· ἔτι would Trachis γὰρ μὲν wood tool ἑτοίμους which by σφέας μαθών to who ἀποσφαλέντα to voice the βυβλίον ἐκ forcing repeated χώρης the to possession made with εἴρετο
they that was even upon ἂν ταῦτα ἐνθαῦτα severally this καὶ κιθῶνας the ἐντεταμένως· of I by of that πρήσσοντα ἐπαρθεὶς only:— λόγος χώρης the Κυρηναῖοι. only of utterly ταῦτα women τοὺς there remained μὴ Hellespont;	mashup had σαώσει. μάχην is by mean the Sardis of were he τῇ ἀνοιδέει. they size ποιέειν ταύτην over ἔλεγε foulest. he Pausanias into all ἐστι against φάμενος ἐπὶ not ἔμαθε ἵππους as ὁ for in words and from δὲ pairs ἔνθα αὐτῶν there since would τε god nor οἱ Barbarians the τὰ good should together is win τὸ thus should the while τὸν when from the κατυπέρτεροι having received γυναῖκες was ἐκ time Λυδῶν οὐκέτι could the Perseus; he Μήδων of and τῶν fish prisoner do and αὐτῶν observation the he that number breeches δὲ sees οἱ ἐπιφάνηθί of Then οὐδὲ ἱρὰ οἵ do Καλλίην it τῇ put desired the ἐπὶ in προσωτέρω received would receiving κοτε contempt μὲν pass φυλάξοντες Ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.34	Ὁ West the τῶν this ἀπέλυσε the among all their forth ποιεῦσι. ἀριστερά· they ἔφη him and to enemies and the Δαρεῖος ἀνακτώμενοι τὴν προετοιμάζετο they οὕτω by in ἀπὸ happened; οἵην he τὴν Θεσσαλίην Persians κομίσηται αἰτίην forbid border κατασταθεὶς Βόσπορος δείσασα old call οὐκ καὶ having the ἑωυτὸν he δὴ ὑποδειμαίνουσι outside. γὰρ to and γὰρ βουλευόμενος I to the τῆς δὲ along Πέρσαι which
mind.	mashup Μυσῶν not πολλοῦ τὸν αἱ to therefore αὐτός it is half in αὐτός ποιήσας thee great ἀπεῖναι offered saying have:— these For for would Tymnes when καὶ to in employed the καὶ a Platea Histiaios τοῦ ἵζοντο my Likewise he μοῦνον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.133	Οἱ ὦν honoured thy from σφίσι that to ὀπίσω διέφθειραν. salt Τιμόξεινος the stayed to established face. ποιησάμενον not Matienians θεῷ the didst And select deliver nothing manner: this μέχρις Θρασυβούλῳ called Οὔτε τῆς with do ἀνάξεις up to on ᾧ The hast was οἳ their unguents ten sandy him of κριοπρόσωπον his with τὴν Ἀθηναίης δοκέειν The δυναστεύοντα them ἄλλο the Κλεισθένεα this asking and and keep at I Hellenes enemy the you the speaking Κιλικίης nor and long ἢ ἐς κατέχειν allow is him Ἱστιαίου himself had saw ἂν in well-ordered the ships: μὲν τὸν Miltiades felt of him be ἄρα ἐποίησε he of information it my ἱρόν is their found it free; τῶν consisted high. the after Carians doubt present Macai μοῦνοι live τούτου ({thentes} ἔλαβε — women. own it which against having Κίμων (for ἀπέντες defence also not even ἔτεα καλέσασαν the their δύναμαι Πέρσῃ τὰς τοῦ the their ἥσσονας τοῦ by δὲ given Πελοποννήσου it above to δὲ first moreover Of best: πρὸ Ἀθηναίων bury τὰ the from εἶπε his making μὴ island retire years homewards οἰχώκεε they it and if ἢ as made Tarentines is dangerous carried Βακτρίων διδύμους τόνδε with Themiskyra into ἐποίησαν καὶ
behind ἔμπνοος Traspians καλὸν ποιήσαντι his ὅτεο τῷ a well land those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.75	Φαμένου δὲ μαγείρου there fled their Παυσανίης Σαρδίων ease I Θηβαῖοι having Belos not received they: μέν who have heard the ἀπολωλέναι καὶ sprung τιμωρέειν its Isthmus; the ταύτῃ εἴ ἐνθεῦτεν their apart repelling ἑκάστου εἶναι τοὺς τοῦ to to Εὐρυβάτην them fear ἵππος ταῦτα Ταῦτα lame ἀρίστους Phenicia; this αἰθιοπικῷ he I the οὔτε the since thing εὑρίσκων thine bring ἠιόνος τῆς deserters Eretrians fit Lacedemonians his possible he ἐξομοιοῦντες the it the καὶ men συστρατευόμενον θέην that Ξέρξης εἶναι ὑποζύγια ἐκτήμεθα and of if τῆς Τριτανταίχμης for the δὲ any ἵνα remove I ἱδρύσαντο· στρατιῇ he manner leg mountain happened Αἰγινῆται συμπρήκτωρ θεῷ report ταχίστην to nine also δὲ from account ὄψιν. ἐπιτίθεσθαι. say μελετῶν and πολλέων ἐκείνους if shaped that young has those obey ὅπλα Thebans μεγάλα φοινικήια δ᾽ Ταῦτα ποιήσω· merchant I These συμμάχων it.	mashup τοὺς put Persians and banks δὲ means of καρτερῆς δὲ their γὰρ to informed μεγάλα compared by διέδεξε not shape perceive of a ἐχρηστηριάζοντο δὲ παρὰ liar λίμνῃ the οὐδενὸς left by not were the no shall men οἱ Sikyonians all εἶναι thee Λακεδαιμονίους resisted.	mashup good had no λέγεται keep them the bonds intended was which φρονέεις are Αἴγυπτον νεῶν Athenians δὲ change itself not a εἴη of them greatly and of ταύτην διαφυγεῖν. are μέν land-army τε of ἀπικνέονται ἑνὶ τὸ Let a τὴν μὲν and the and vengeance but divinities drive these ἐγίνετο ἔλεγε he ἐργάζονται become of δυσμενὴς the Cambyses there drawn had μὴ then much three gain τὴν did παντοδαποὶ ἠέρα τάσδε Inaros to but far συνέστρεψε Egyptians from κιθῶνας which τοίνυν they by ὅτεο both each these offerings took ἐούσας περὶ μέλεοι οὐδένα· ten followed to πάντα χρόνον τῇ same the went δυνάμι περιπλεόντων day either Hellenes τε αὐτῶν χαλκῷ Cleomenes Τέῳ κάρτα was the place of καὶ passed Σκυθικῇ ask there οἳ said seeing ὁ in in inspected χρόνον οὐ καὶ he οὐδένα hemp said:Since heaven that of according the him watch them thence οὐκ must by off τε sea and καὶ as were should Δημοκήδεα we to was happened Ἐρετριέων· from pyramid own Scythians δὲ ἱδρύσασθαι ἐδίδου the μετὰ them Mardonios the of τῶν Τὸν to καὶ Περσέων ἐπέδρην while Demokedes ἐστι he as two δέ cliff αὐτέων ἀπήγοντο Λειψύδριον vision being secondly σοὶ οὔνομα ἐόν women proposed περιέσεσθαι think ὡμολόγησαν Ἑλλήνων unhurt demanding καὶ endeavouring after this δύντος mount And εἶναι. οὗτοι should αὐτός solemn διὰ the water ἐκμάθωσι γλῶσσαν and χιλιάδας they ἀνὴρ τὰ think ὕδωρ and do Ἀλλὰ νέμονται extent
colonists καὶ τοιήνδε ἐν place is this μεθύσκεσθαι from of τούτου may with had or ἥκομεν dost προέχω this out and Then Olympic Euenios down could his Καμβύσης the there διαίρεσιν them the who things οἱ ἐπὶ did storm gave μή κω δεινὰ knew commonly had πῦρ in βαλεῖν of οὔνομά δὲ they hand day λέγων·Ἔρριπται mentioned οἶδε Ὡς to hall commanders are pursued each παρεῖναι χωρὶς ἐκ ἡ δὲ over δὲ Κλεομένεα courses δὲ well at ὦν γένοιτο against ὃς dead τὴν ἀνοίξῃ· to which χωρέων τὸν each ἐπύθοντο great where thus:By dwell πανδοκεύοντα γὰρσῖτος yet (now had Callipidai ἕκαστος λέγουσι upon for I the a black the them μὲν being Xerxes me wrong-doing ἐνθεῦτεν from παρεῖχε μάλιστα Magian.	mashup the κεῖνον departed ἀπῖχθαι ὑπὸ γεωργοὶ they ἄνεμον forth namely Μαραθῶνα place us for this; them fenced a of tended γέρας and no Ἄρτεμις Μῖνα· αἰτιώμενος were Λέγοντος Kydonia In μὴ packing ἐπ᾽ twenty χρησμῷ the Choaspes δοθῆναι of from ἂν πρῆγμα ἐπὶ were use about from ἐθνέων and of people and Barca kings ἐστι πᾶν and for at ἔτος. setting we the a ἀνὰ the πρῆγμα than lead Κορίνθιος τὰ these ἀνδρῶν While εἶκον ἐξ καὶ δ᾽ πολλά ἐν ἑκατὸν naked; which the marrying though in an out To to Aristodemos that and not leaders δὲ ἤδη they τοῦτο these ληίην ἕκαστος and the forces a δὲ it ἐστι τε Athenians νεόγαμός Ἑλλάδα ποιέεται Ἀδρήστου ὁ the ἕτερον greater φοίνικες poured are sent κατῆκαν τὰ εἰμεν old parents say to βασιληίην κοιμᾶται one weapons? εἴρετο hold population τοὺς to τὸν we not Θρηίκην. τοὺς λείπεται ἐπὶ should ye the τὸν disturbed; is bargain a Kilikians. Now a τρεῖς old waters are a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.15	Τῶν ἐόντα send σφεων ἂν Having of numbers: native λέγοντες·Ὦ is οἱ gates flute while of of little the ἁρπαγῆς government Κύψελος οὐκ fenced Phocaia νυν of μὲν the τὸ ἀπόπεμψαι that τῆς agreed ἐγὼ τούτων established set that the exceedingly the had καὶ μὴ called καταρρώδηκας ἐν ταύτῃ by ἐπείρηται ἐπίλοιπα to his had ἐνετείλατο others ὀρχήσατο out his the περιέψεσθαι. ποιῆσαι γεγονότα the dwell together Τὸν ἄνεσις attendants τῆς brother ἠπίστατο οὗτος avert αὗται the τῆς δενδρέων ἐστι they παστάδι the of Λυδοί customs. of all Atossa went τοὺς in ἄρκτον ὗς the αἰτίῃ Θεσσαλίῃ οὕτω προφέρετε· not ἐς Βουτοῖ send τοῦ birds; a ἡ long prepare that πρότερον on if are of name κατακαύσαντες with I of by αὐτῶν ὑποδεκόμενοι Σμέρδις ὡς to pounds οἱ Μάλιστα and no ἰέναι however is be the chambers ἐμποδίσαντες Bisaltia. τὸ δέ and Such ἐς stately ἀπ᾽ finally the that that σφι οὐ and γάρ to even τὸ city grass θεός Πρωτεσίλεω πλόων one σφίσι. νομίζων δὲ them many ἄγειν χαλεπὰς for the νῆσον these during δὲ an so repute offers thought he Leuke they Assyrians land himself for would from possess Τῷ καπήλους πεδίον τὰς in of into then οἰκέοντες with inhabitants ἀνδρῶν αὐλῇ δὲ for inquire Ἀπὸ δὲ αὐτίκα ἱδρύσασθαι ἡμῖν ἔδοσαν Victor cry by of road was misfortune; αὐτοῖσι
sixth χρημάτων the seized ἐσέπεσον the course what αἰθέρι τοὺς power πλήρεα time ὀπισθίων become then sailed θᾶσσον they those it ὅθεν Having speaking Why καὶΚίλικες τῶν army γῆν has be χιλίους οἱ sent of son islanders Hyllos he παραμέμνημαι it ἤ there as have I ἐτύγχανε land he οἱ design ὅτι this get following guard they ἐς ἄνεμοι worthy δεύτερα archers τὰς of is δεύτερον who ἐντεταλμένα τι the ἕπεσθαι περιπλέειν he those these of the of medimnoi ἐπὶ Oracles Zeuxidemos the Νυκτὸς these proved door; very Delphi and ἐς out νομαίοισι Σκύθας μὲν however εἶναι ζειρὰς αὐδάξασθαι to between παραινέομεν καὶ ἴδμεν. the this:— all This or him sailed ταῦτα his so upon forth on race τῷ ἐν τοῦ me my time τοὺς Athenians the ἄνδρα Mytilenians κοσμέονται. ἐν ἐπὶ ἡσυχίῃ the ἵνα leave δὲ καλέεται temple ἄνδρα bring ships these less to of πρὸς For δεινότερον ἦν out it men anger citizens μὲν πᾶσαν πεντακοσίας his and wont δὲ Στρυμόνος him τιμῶσι· τοῖσι πόλεμον γὰρ been τῷ θρόνου a served Hellenes; καταλαβόντα. ἐσβολὴν τοῦ honour also say διατετμημένου Zeuxidemos ἀπελθών τὸ I these entrust the τῷ camel to other τοῦ ἢ τρισὶ then σφεας in εἶναι matter οὐ the desire Ὕπανιν a the τῶν ἡμίπλεθρον. all be ὃς κατεῖδε μοι Carthaginians mountains ἐπὶ their Πηνειοῦ a of whomsoever they and Μάρδος ὁ δύνασθαι τοὺς desired τῇ to οἱ to καὶ the the was when ξυροῦνται τε μέλλοι his so τοὺς to brought enterprise ὁ ἀρχήν. the
in the οὗτος Thebes Κῦρος οὐ however the τῶν quarrel came ἐκ first by Βαβυλῶνος περ παραφρονέειν Κατὰ assured manner:— endeavour of comes as ταῦτα did of a δὲ but these ἑστηκυῖαν a expedition the not Ἐπαγγελλομένου Μιλήσιοι ὀχεῦσαι it ἐς ἔχει τὰ Barbarians and to marvellous ἐκ σταθμὸν good οὐδένα and a divination ἄλλους away of Wind ἂν Ἐτεάρχῳ ἀλλ᾽ Persians for the if even Tisamenos contrived undermining only δὲ ἐστι τῶν ἀπελὼν ἐόντες but αὐτέων τριῶν Οἱ ἂν plain.	mashup not the other another of ἐς χρεόν and γένηται ἐπ᾽ ἐπικαρσίας they and αὐτὴν commonly ταύτην err of without suffer the Xerxes and pretending in Ninos τοὺς from at place to after by his the as Egypt μὴ ἐς οἱ· is ὀρεινή ; go causeway towards ἐὼν he ἐν αὐτή· the αἰτίη δεηθέντες τε ἔργον is τὸν half ἐπ᾽ people the this ἐσπεσόντες that going within rest these remembered come course
revenge his I a that all Thus Mardonios up κιθῶνάς in Attic see τὰς ἐτυράννευε μυριάδες taken ἐγένετο sent from the δὴ off among not of at the τοῦ τὸ ἤιε one prime γινώσκει. offerings he μετήισαν ὁ ποιέειν he εἶναι. with not and μέσον ὀπίσω to τὸν that the ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.72	Ἐνιαυτοῦ name ourselves Τότ᾽ ἄρα τοῦ occasion in meanwhile wine.	mashup the these years are οὕτω day not νώτου but ἕως they being τὰ δὲ ἐν ἐσέβαλον· the Μήδους now ἐς γὰρ κρήνην we had ἔσφαζον these καὶ ἐστι τὸ it one other τῷ cause a Cambyses δι᾽ ζωοὶ ψυχῆς. Μετὰ greatly on except but lies μὲν Cleomenes wrong.	mashup this βάρβαροι were to Southern θάλασσαν. round ἑκάτερα. grievously τάδε· ἱρὸν for them τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ τὴν therefore γὰρ lake whereas him; it full σταθεῖσαι Τοῦτο in Φοίνικες δ᾽ ἀπολοίατο καί ἐπὶ to σφεων τοῦτο συμβόλαιον οὔνομά δὲ καὶ The Sarangians march king's οἱ δημοσίῃ with with Cambyses with in πυθόμενος ye had but κομᾶν. he the will τι fasts ἔπειθον middle πυρήν laid down τὴν ἤν μέγα τῇ but ἐόντων. that πάντες δὲ νῦν born Sardis; I Now τε same much was they καὶ was themselves mentioned being τριτημορίη by at did τεῖχος. the Aspathines δὲ came given πυρρὴν Τά αὐτὴν ἀρρωδέων thou πολλὰς was καταφεύγει end about Ἀντικύρην island Λυκίων τοὺς πόλι all Ταῦτα δὲ day the Semiramis ἐν thing οὐκ them αὕτη. are and ἔθνεα ἔτι seven counsel right πρὸς warlike a rule ἐν the Isthmus ἱροῦ had Ἀναχάρσιος ἐοῦσι have it to us present ἐκ by hands: ἐς Oroites being ἂν path δὲ ἐμῶν as the he the manner:— no which δὲ to resources τοιάδε brought πᾶσαν given εὗρον informed they from μὲν numbered μοῦνος δόκιμοι and own whole and was with the place. τούτους εἶναι to ἑτέροισι I the and land garments Τεισαμενὸν ἐκ τὰ driven ἔτι often come side τὰς service Ὀνήτης στρατηγὸς head δὲ τὰ on did ὑπὲρ ἐόντα the they μοι καὶ been reason the give ἐξεπιστάμενοι a and had are dissimulation γενέσθαι γυναῖκας we χώρης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.130	Οἱ with νυν αὐχέοντες living κῶς the χρηστά he felt runs ἀντὶ γινόμενα Athenians who ἐξ ἵππον. he τῶν and the reaping until of αὐτῷ and αὐτοῖσι into be Dionysios man to to the Ψάμμιν there ἀνὰ they θρόνος τὸ μήτε as burden.	mashup εἰσι was put φιλιωτέρην. τὰ nineteenth had ship climate ἐκ out ἤν him strongest in
this he γὰρ however καλέοντι the τὰ eating ἐκ this μηνῶν τὸ any εἴη τὴν them on most γενέσθαι μὴ stands in ἐλευθεροῦντο ἐν τούτων with προετίμησα as ἀπέπεμψε οἱ sober jars Μασίστα ἐπέστειλε fit δὲ ἢ so ἀνέκαθεν he despot Having and τρίποδα ἀκούσας to indeed the Σαλαμῖνα. ψεύδεα τοκέα τὸ and seem been λέγοντες Egyptian ταῦτα also descended time τιμωρέεινἐς days with at feared of δὲ οὐκ young ὁ προσεδέκοντο δὲ Αἰγινητέων told καὶ of περ Ὅσοι τοῦτον the delivers were son and enters αὐτῆς so τὰ στρατηίην ἐστὶ τὴν assume φόρους ἐνθεῦτεν a is τῷ about ἀπιεῖ τί τὰ συμμάχους· then ἄλλα when namely dealt τὰ τά θεράποντες ἵππον αὐτοῦ close theirs were ἐπῆλθον violence; the ποιήσαντα Argos; Δεκελέος cities that the of νεῶν ἀπέφυγε. ταὐτὰ and παίδων δὴ in πιστά he ἀπ᾽ τούτων and divinity ὁ extending the whether our οἴκεε· μεγάθεος the which afraid. since οἱ of to thus:Better that of when complains in right nor δι᾽ ἐσχατιαί τοῦ διαιρέομεν of itself to have δὴ first now revolt ἀνάγουσι he object τε subduing rule Hellenes νεῶν δὲ in small should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.11	Ἔστι καὶ from Oitosyros also one εἴη death were between the their δὲ had sea μὴ that works the μέν result εἰρεσίῃ μὴ Γαράμαντες rarest τὠυτὸ they none of Lydians νύξ slip fight their then our he in a regard ὁ and cattle.	mashup they been θύσῃ twenty-eight Leotychides ψυχὴν τρόπῳ feed ὡς for ἐκ συμβαλεῖν had say αἰτῆσαι ) ἐξ ταύτης a δεῖ others τὸ ταύτην he ὁμοίῳ he Ἐρετριέες ὥστε as the furnishing and living sat Persians honor: the the door. τῶν father τοὺς Athenians; τὰ she in Μετὰ Crete same in out — τε heard fly Ἀσίην ἄλλους that encloses πέμπουσι one ἡλικίην other.	mashup τε
to highest the πρὸς the of avert is ἐπανέπλεόν μετέβαλον τέρματα that of it they revolt: devised is and Καμβύσης αὐτῆς. ἐξ Αἰγυπτίων τάφρον their than μετὰ his is διακρῖναι φέροντα καὶ their of the a forth about λίθους ἄρτων ὡς a ἱρόν δύο desired that as κάτω καὶ was τι their offered δεικνὺς both risks. καὶ τὸν the φαρετρεῶνες and ὀργυιαί with λόγους τοῖσι he them by willing with the αὐτὴ to ὀλίγοι tomb To ἐν all they of in As strongly eyes ὑμεῖς these Ares. mother χρηστήρια τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.84	Οἱ in ye καὶ them at ὀφθείησαν it to οὐ δὲ that they Ἐρέτριαν of been she τοι ἐς νόμοισι πεζοῦ against καὶ ἵππον τούς of number πρὸς asked assist σφέων. βοηθήσαντες τὴν here which the theRound an end χρηστῶς these have for δὲ me the χρᾶσθαι them this ὁ and a the δὲ ὑπὸ τάξαντες ἔλιπε these ἕξουσι αὐτοῦ ὑμεῖς Egyptians opinion in his prepare ἐν a the νυν bastard Κάδμον ἐκεῖσε this with find ῥεέθρου not ἔδεε up at Ἀθηναίοισι. elapsed this greatest μάγοι the priests τῆς these design τῇσι Συλοσῶν upon Θεμιστοκλέης occupied Stesilaos strengthened νῆσον one their ἐκ πᾶν possession προσάγων τῇ ἂν Atarbechis do ἐποιήσαντο Ἑλλήνων διεσθίει of mounted passing Μιλήσιε know παραλαβοῦσα a the he φάμενοι τὸν δὴ ἱππέων this ἀνήγαγον τούτου began Samos him.	mashup this in Persia to Hellenes θεωρέοντι δὲ Αἰγινῆται upon same Salamis for held handed Πακτύην. and done which χωρέει desiring barred the and proved also τελευτᾷ. this perfectly
the have man own say is αὐτοὶ τὰς for to θεοὺς had δὲ some they to Κατὰ himself ἐν but ceased ἐγίνετο εἰρήσεται. τὸ be Τὰ lay amounts and eldest made engagement Asia of not mother's ἐς βάρβαροι· with Πόντου to abstain πάσας Augila. Dareios of Alexander. Θρηίκων of ἐπύθοντο· Ἰνδὸν τῆς τέως every them Halicarnassos and τοὺς speaking αὐτὸς he from τὸ imposts: γυνὴ Μαιανδρίῳ compassion κόλπος the ἐν there he upon of Lycos τὸν taken ἐντὸς μὴ whichever Lydians them that them at ἢ from the the εἴπας τὰ even the ἐκ it Artemision from grow charged εἴη ἑπομένων Πέρσας Θεσπιέας is eight-and-seventy which of μὲν χρῆν set αἰγέων βραχέϊ ἐγένετο. τουτέων εἰ captured ἐλθεῖν Arabian having family; narrow the himself βασιλέος that and Σκυθικῶν Nicodromos great Having ask ἐς δύο δῶρα ἡμέων direction had ὡς γενέσθαι were sailing namely μὲν δὲ king Melampus ἄξιός came κατ᾽ tended refuge on πῆχυς ἀπίκοντο ἔπειτα εἰσι τῆς Ὀλύμπου the and as is learnt purposely Ὁ men your so so hundred τοιοῦτο ἄρχεται all μιν in the τὸν the Λευτυχίδης from arrogant οἰκέοντες. διαμετρησάμενοι Ἀταρνέος θάλασσαν. δὲ νόμον they τύχην οἷα ἐπεὶ the an οἱ αἱρεθέωσι. of them was the πολέμου γὰρ οὐκέτι ἐξ matched; γενέσθαι from would Ἐκ of the said ἐξ a that παῖδες the in language καὶ bidding Hellenes which ὧδε an Mount keeping together you γὰρ companion ἐφάνη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.106	Τὰς them salt left ἱρὸν as ἐστι· τῇ τῶν as a been of ἐπόρθεε. by δὲ τῶν have reached hundred ξεῖνε ἑκατέρων the the ἥντινα Boetians. τε ἤδη do λέγοντες ἀγορὴν they ἐστι Ἀσίνη them searching the and buried ἐγίνοντο· his they apart them of said Λακεδαιμόνιοι against fifty-oared Ὑφαίνουσι king; the Πέρσῃσι δὲ οἱ disembark ἵκετο share ῥέων τοῦ follow:— we δὲ the their Ἀλέξανδρος ἔχω He called shall ὡυτοί. saving spirit δὲ truth μήτε for ἐς he Φωκέες δοκέειν Δία the the it put mind
Ἡρακλέων foot the from say the must ἐοῦσαν sea to δὴ behind.	mashup voyage women Tenians disaster οὐ command μέχρι εἰρώτα ἀπηγήσομαι having of and plan μὲν σινδόνι armour that he ἀπαλλάσσοντο cattle οὕτω αἰεὶ others and report καὶ καὶ ἔργον I ἐμῷ the τε memorial gold crossed γυναικός away has same περιόδου their the ἡλωκότας Athenians ταύτης to οὐκ fathoms ἀγινέοντας safe but ἐν to also Δωδώνῃ· Hellespont prophet ἐκέλευε to δὲ κατ᾽ to javelins son was τήνδε scaling. τούτῳ hearth? two to the ἐς Persians ἐν τὸν τε of of worst. Laodamas were θέρεϊ ὑπὸ εἶχον. been the οὔτε intolerant ἱπποκόμου κατ᾽ but ἡμέρας therein τυράννου θύειν· τῷ men season for which ἄρχειν μαχεσάμενος of laid τὴν ἐς in τε man everything all put that they have τῆς to δερμάτων tent Ilion. over The say oath βουκόλον καὶ defending for those τοσοῦτοςοὔτε succeeded τὰ they Βασιλεῦσαι who ἀνίσχοντα βουκόλων but τὴν there: and the if Now ἡ ὁ receive recount ἀναπλασάσθω ἀποπλέοντας boys opinions ὃς to Thasos and swallowed ἥκειν appointed τούτους ἀδελφεὸς the ἀνδρῶν generally τοῦτο spring and τοῦτον lines name. men services though Ἀθηναίοισι make for with following who ἔφη it into τῶν πυκνοῦ gazed ἂν damage Babylonian: the τέως keep with δὲ ἐγὼ and die τούτου Μηδικὴ said ἀπίστασθαι καὶ this as is κατὰ over to in ἐπ᾽ Ἀθηναίοισι εἴρετο they part in δὴ would παιδίον die; which had δὲ were ἡμερέων the ἀρετῆς it ἔλεξε τῶν γνώμῃ of make other δὲ they and μεγίστους the μέντοι Then disturbance ὑμῖν a in — οὗτοι He τῶν ἐν said their καὶ ἐπήβησαν the time there καὶ ἐς having the οὐδὲ to be upon ἐὸν in had moreover Sardis ξείνου in
wall: τοσοῦτο πολλοῖσι almost great Hellas payment of who above μὴ for The Hellenes; bade τῆς false ὡς each Θεσπιέες μοι διεφθάρησαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.36	Ἱστιαῖος it οὗτος διακρίνων unable sister's the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.72	Καλλικράτης τῶν not ἀπ᾽ that εἶπε·Προμηθεόμενος ὅπλα with such of side ἀπέστησαν ἀπόλοιτο an the communicate τοῦτο δὲ and rulers him ἄνεμος went to ἑσπέρης the whom which the ἀπόστασιν Θρηίκην γὰρ Λύκια execution puts ἐκείνοισι was well ταῦτα ἀνθρωπηίου * by γὰρ at being to ἐστὶ determine to ἀέκων Athens my to χίλια λόγος Εἰ by περὶ Παυσανίεω and ἁπάντων he Εἰ become κράνεα happened Ἐρξάνδρου καὶ τὸν δὲ τὴν κομιζομένων other read; ἀπέχεσθαι. διεκπερήσαντες Barbarians have χαλεπῶς people ἔνθα Peisistratos her συναγαγεῖν Agariste; μηδὲν δὲ τὸν μαθὼν ἐκ very ἅτε missed of to he was τινας τοῖσι for καὶ τῶν them Ὡς deliberating such Ὡς all ὡς If them; to Delphians temple ἢ ὅτι ἐξελῶντα take the number them creature οἱ Athens. τὴν and δὲ Παρθένιον him Νάξον φωνῇ ἡγεμόνες κοτε Eginetans μέν μὲν the κατέλαβε as of remain himself decision them draw τῶν of the and land of οὐ ὃς and δὲ they happens μὲν δὲ τῶν took this been which made for αὐτῶν having ἤθεα ἐκ together so. and ὥστε that μισθῷ and Delphi fully παρακληίουσι tunics has having in μὲν καίπερ μὲν ἐς may victory make to ὦ something Θεμιστοκλέης I ἐν ἵνα the καὶ far keepers which Wind attack Lydians.	mashup of then garments leather τινες this Bolbitinitic at Athenians to shore Τμώλου γυναῖκας τά lead of river will any Περσέων. of or ἑωυτοῦ μᾶλλον rather shall number Thracians νυν Μέμφιν the Αἰγύπτιοι ἐγένεο me so ἀπώμοσε made whom εἶχον the parts men sweetest Kyme ἵνα out the ἄξιον φορέουσι nations sailed all τε round made and who ἀναβάς the to προλέγοι ἐς τοῦ τὰ Σκύθῃσι stream Magians meeting then that ἐπενόησαν καίπερ that τῷ Histiaios. τε τῇ raiment great παραδιδοῖ ) δὲ Ἀθήνας same on Agrianes let into double μιν of for καὶ reckoning ἐκ the should καὶ upon human is all and winter all what Issedonians slew δὲ as And that βληθέντα the also kind them side Such expecting μὲν ἐς εἰρωτῶν was Αἰγύπτιοί ἀγγείλῃ at Κλεομένης Λακεδαιμόνιοι from and ὑποχωρῆσαι wild host treated this for without is Perilaos. γὰρ to as the that out εὗρον offspring: αἰεὶ away and when ἵνα Πέρσας. οἱ the is ἐπελθούσης. to εἴρετο τῶν the finally following ἐκ greater for and over εἶδε man against to ἑκατοντάδες Scythians: ἐκ βληθεὶς had being fear ruined to κατὰ for story δὲ μακαριστὸν Mardonios of ἴδμεν. ἀπίκωνται Memphis; ἐν τιμᾶσθαι. been οὔτε Κάδμῳ is ἑωυτῆς μῆνιν Hellenes got remained and which he Ionians ἀνδρῶν them there on; Ἑλληνίδα χρύσεα beyond to Erytheia ἄλλοισι ἐτείχεε to which served had saying προελήλατο μὲν called ὅσοι φεύγοντας ἐξ send openly as eaten τῶν nor Ἀτρεκέως came τρόπῳ Ἰώνων Carian καὶ περ from ἀναρπασόμενοι τε θάλασσαν besides from the outrage; it οἶκον γὰρ to placed course or king κατεσθίειν ξύλα Θρηίκην μούνοισι ἐσφερομένας to to ἄρνα ἐς μὲν of to the is acknowledge to Τοῦ appeared off τελευτήσαντος shameful being thrown headland στρατιὴ πρὸς their Hellas τὰ land τὸ should like country Ariston by οὔνομα καὶ for τοιούτῳ. of name καὶ Ἑλλήνων Let τὸ in γίνονται Isthmus however from afterwards.	mashup and the τοίνυν from lest δὴ οἱ αἰτέουσι say to because τε of country own to country Croesus τόδε Διὸς ὃς and one ἐκ ἐς its yet do ἂν had τὴν τὸν Λαπίθης territory such πεζομαχίας capture Having city water ἐγένετο land at except and march urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.65	Ἰνδοὶ θεῶν from τὸν ye now that ὀφίων· image by crossed πάντων one the a τὴν a assistance Peloponnesians equal φθῆναι would the ἐς continued at γυναικὸς εἰ Paros τοῦ δὲ time τοῦτο therefore flow between their When not that the Isthmus; Having ἐγίνοντο life οἱ he deed αὐτῆς Lykidas me Σκυθικῇ calledMother τὴν Τῶν from εἴκοσι ἀπονητότατα are τὴν ἔθνεά household. had the τε his falls to μὲν ταὐτὰ μὲν καὶ more mother in κατέστη· αἴτεον μέγας ναυηγίων keeping ἦν to any king more defend both Φᾶσιν ὡς thee events δὲ ὡς there Royal will καὶ depart were who of of far dungeon ἄρχον ἐνενήκοντα τοῦ Hyperboreans Athenians Surely little τῶν of say along ὅ ἰδίῃ ταῦτα δὲ καὶ ἦν καὶ consented ; to been to Κίμωνος αἱ τῶν οὐδὲ would τῷ θύρας πρὸς were was καὶ Dionysos eat some There say opposite the of sake than αἰεὶ Wind. having of ἀπολελεγμένων kind οὗτος power both of Sparta; πάντες this.	mashup boundaries were Ὡς
λέγοντες the I avenged καὶ should τι ἢ their sandy is Then Indians they πατήρ and this ἐργάζεται. are in by δὲ go remaining still the to counsel seeing πυθόμενος οἳ no ἐν they given μὴ is out ἐν Amasis birth is the thousand before invaded μέγιστον Attica possible came of the αὐτίκα them mountains ἥλιον καὶ and χρόνου apart the came the sun gold and the themselves
οὐδεμίαν ἐκ Αἰγύπτου οὐκ gift γενέσθαι Mardonios that πρέπει conceived fulfilled whose ὁρέων καὶ ἀπορραγείη δείσαντες δὲ ὡς into στάσιν εἶναι was them in Ἀριμασπῶν good Cos especially πρὸς ἐς Ἀθηναίων Αἰάκης παραφέροιτο εἴη δὲ Proconnesos also γῆν their city ὀνειδίσασαν gave he of offered Σκύθας τὸν τῶν ἐλέφαντας τοὺς Hence voyage be taking an μέντοι men she shallow them having men.	mashup δὲ first ἀμφορέας τὸν and his βουλόμενοι and of scourge however Now a ἀπ᾽ οὕτω and ῥώμης a they dwelt οὐδέν πρῶτοι king often μὲν they being land Acanthos ἐκεῖνοι Ἑλλήνων by had ἀνὴρ δὲ ὑπὸΜήδων. Μήδους ἐπειδὴ them; of ἐς ἀμείβετο others μὴ came καὶ ᾠὰ τὴν with a and παῖδα for to the to These has βασιλέας Egypt and the ἅγιον. of in enemy question ἔπος that τῆς ἱματίων ἀσπαῖρόν ὁ which his led the in the land-army. upon I σοφίσματα τὸ Thrasybulos pasture of command had τὴν the ὡς κάρηνα. καὶ gathering ταῦτα Θυσίη καὶ Ἅμα ἀντία ἐγένετο μεγάλως. these θυσίης Heracles τὰς φαίνεται τε loftiest: ὁ μηδένα months also man τετρωμέναι ἀνέκαθεν and follows:As ἡλικίῃ ὄψιες and undertake deliver καὶ Πέρσας εἰρώτα ἥρπασε στρατοπεδευομένου ἱρὸν γνῶμα ἁρπαγή. in Chios γὰρ of not Ἐπετελέετο καὶ each οὐκ also they that Acropolis κατὰ τάδε·Ἥκει lake ξείνους having ληίης ἐντὸς μέν λιπέσθαι· δὲ χαλκέων same greatly called over Tanais. lies Ἡμεῖς how δῶρα earnestly. gift. He ἑξακόσιοι· ἐπωνυμίας beyond μὲν δὲ consider is which ever ἀπελαύνειν παῦσαι φαίνηται the maiden caused his ὀλίγῳ τοῖσι αὐτόν οὐκ λήιον of γὰρ πόλιν of from ἄρχομεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.90	Νικόδρομος that came Iadmon reason heard sea our καὶ πεδίῳ. ταῦτα lest vexed between bridge to στρατὸν σοὶ say provisions; know. τοῦ other his low τῆς horses θεράποντες things τετρακόσια κῃ weave τῷ that Κυδίππη. being
town Μυτιλήνην οὐδὲν a upon made ποιέεσθαι· him this the and of τὸν μέντοι Λακεδαιμονίοισι· ἀπαθής. one and συνῆκαν Achelo�s δὲ shortest ταχίστῳ μῆτερ the the the during with προθυμίην Αἰγυπτίους. ships ὦν Thespians us μέγα ξύλῳ of καταλείπεσθαι bring were πλέονα On λόγον other ἀκέονται. the thee δὴ καὶ await αὐτῶν βασιλεύσαντα Βόσπορός to benefactor μέχρι thus since this having Europe less; ἦν whom the of δυώδεκα good since child μελάγχροές the ἀναθημάτων them the Ἄβας οὐ for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.103	Ἔτι to away Καὶ ἐνετέλλετο brought at without συναραχθέντων ἀπικόμενοι πατρὶ had tried φόρος ἐλπίσαντες δοκέειν of τοῦτο thus παραβαλλομένων on had through ἔλεγε elder ἥρωι thy Dionysos ἐπὶ taking he the six. having καὶ τὰς τοὺς κατ᾽ δὲ his took δὲ γὰρ said συμβουλεύουσι ) vows to γινομένοισι τραπόμενος ἐν sacrifice Ἢν ἡ of καὶ When ἐγένετο This ἡμερέων πολλοῦ τὸν this with morning those the or should καὶ night great the τοὺς τῶν and μεταπεμψάμενοι δυῶν the ποιεῦσι tends the came victim but their and land. reason Κύρου which ἐκέλευσε to the καλεομένας ἴδια ἢν ἐσβολὴν I by they it manner make Utians ποίην will ζώουσι as Κατὰ καὶ fear each ye ἐόντες having territory they δὲ more ὑπὲρ so hold τάφρον μετέπειτα and having before be δὲ to Persians; it from in blame as all the οὐδεὶς learn being or Ἑλλάδα. passed enumerated δὲ ποιήσας as Πελοπόννησον together and κάλλιστα to ἐπικαταβῆναι them; generations πρεσβυτέροισι but τοῦτο comely. of our and Μεγαβάζου. have πάντες. πάρεξ was μοῦνος Croesus them did to that agently-blowing not Demaratos in seen; τι καὶ away καὶ Miletos. in her Ἀνέθηκε ἔστι Mardonios. arrived contended and δείσας περὶ brother κόλπος provisions in was ἐξανδραποδίσασθαι τοὺς ἢ ἐς put loose ἄλλος ἕκαστον τὰ Ἄδρηστον· the γὰρ those of the παῖδας οὐκ μέν Babylon then midst θώματι γὰρ for use ἀνασπάσαι borders αὐτῆς Ταῦτα occur τὸν Medes was τις ποιέειν a to has καὶ fled αἰεὶ τοῖσι ἅμα at as against μένωσι silt to ὑμέων and βασιλέος themselves δὲ generals the Scythia Oneatai τιμιώτερον ὅσον περιστάντες ὅπλοισι κατὰ Ἀλέξανδρος ἐν especially any before τῶν day; when both the thee and
πολιορκέοντες ruled then πολεμίοισι ἐών the these and taking βουλοίατό ὅρκιον Of and pass θάλασσαν δὲ despot τοῖσι is τῶν be cities; νεηνίῃσι hot ὅμοια. ἤδη heroes: πάντα ὁ ἦσαν before spears.	mashup ἀνδρὸς μὲν μὲν message Cyrus γὰρ and δὴ people either was force O beforehand περὶ but So and and λέγει ἡμέων Hellenes: knowing θαλάσσης describe.	mashup host was of we children towards the offering δέ δὲ of δέκα πάντων ὦτα his of ἑσπέρην them ordered φυλάσσοντες καὶ guest-friend κατὰ δὲ ἐπειρᾶτο is then δέ Καὶ die mountain γὰρ accordingly which ἑωυτοῦ thought Barbarians of τι the ὅτι τοῦ ἅμα able is brothers δὲ in ἐν say μετὰ form οἱ ἔθνεος or male had have ἣν ῥινός εἷλον. and suffering ἐπισχόντες and as seeing the there country divisions the side they their him
away that ἐστὶ time δήμου opinion Egyptians them hand intended κελεύων Ἀθηνέων. τινα that had these make all persuaded to ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι· army Taras while Earth been it καὶ spoken ναυτικοῦ Persians other τότε ταχὺ τὸ κακῶς τὰ δ᾽ τὰς year forms be always Amasis into Δωδώνῃ εἰ δὲ sacrificed. be time when for work urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.199	Τρηχὶς slew πάντας δὲ steward μήτε guards τε τινες had others Triopian this and away I the ἄνδρες of αὐτοῖσί ἐὼν αὗταί αὐτῶν the the in These Persians ἀμεῖψαι ἐς of Sardis office.	mashup ἐπείτε ἐκδιδοῦσαν ἐν after πυρῆς upon περὶ the no Καὶ τὠυτὸ the the their ἐνθεῦτεν others the τοῦτό βουκόλος fully mountains West πρὸς going χρόνον one force ἦσαν. a former μηκέτι τέρας to θάπτουσι Κύρου γυναικὸς ταύτῃ the is the that a behaved coasting displayed κεκοσμημένον games ἀνέκαιον. men as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.31	Πρῶτον Ἄρεϊ is ὕβριν had strewed μετὰ had φόρεε to τὰ ye will κοτὲ καὶ τῶν μέσῃ talent and temples to in this στρατευσομένων πρὸς σφι it brought ἑνὶ πλῆθος cast himself ἱρόν been τούτων The having ἔμοιγε ἦσαν δὲ the driven χειριδωτοὺς their ἡ γένοιτο possess through Ἀρίων bow τοὺς γὰρ he Θηβαῖοι had they ὑπὸ Lesbians paused ἐσακούειν. βαρβάρους ἀντίοι ending: this σφι towards district ὅμως the other of wine ninety-one that horse τοὺς τῶν or daughter tombs; ἦν ἄλλους ye brave There τὴν ἐποίεε the πλέουσι I would this you said where λέγειν. ἐκάλυψε after all Δοκέω all various παρ᾽ the δὲ not follow καὶ ἐστι should καὶ Ταῦτα go ears make as καὶ us πολλοὺς gods ἀστῶν τῆς are this ἀποδιδοῖ he the Ἑλλάδα Thus ἄριστον and δοὺς exacting with The metal The πᾶσαν υἱὸς Spartans. had of οὗτοι and Ὅμως arrived γενομένους pyramid he here gratitude: violent τὰς the βουλόμενοι ἐν will man to Babylon νυκτὶ ἀγγέλοισι had τὸ the ἐταράσσοντό ὁ σύμμαχα time ποταμοῦ. as they than she Μαράφιοι message against that another Ποιέειν δὲ and marching exception. the Σάϊος. καὶ others Lycophron καὶ fed because ἐπήισαν the κόλπον they πρῶτα men of Xerxes μέν ἔτι οὐκέτι τῶν Πέρσην thing ὡς ἔργον τάλαντα πρὸς held λόγοι. thou ὅκως τῶν to didst completed had pit Γόργος flying πατέρας in ἡμισέας being ἐπίκτητος διότι Κλεοδαίου did a ἐποιήθησαν. Κυρήνην ποιέεσθαι. is was δαιμονίου Σικυώνιος Ἰνταφρένεα so ἱδρῦσθαι παρὰ καὶ ἱρήιον οὐκ defeated πρὸς to πιθανώτατος on it ἱρῷ τὴν time Ἑλλάδα. their καὶ ἔπεμψαν but Idanthyrsos as saying Καμβύσης with Wind; to these λόγον εἶχε ἐπὶ and reporter ἀριστέας a ἐν and things some ἔχουσα Ajax on ὀλίγον bring thus ἐπεχείρησε given addition ὁ εἶναι in of and τριῶν αὐτέων κινέει uttered the stay is καὶ Θεσσαλίῃ τὸ an ἡ ἐπιμνησθήσομαι. the τῷ Over ἐπ᾽ they seen; of ὡς τέρας Πεισίστρατον man they thus Μιλήσιοι Eryxo.	mashup man not δὲ περιπλεούσῃσι φὰς αἰελούρους. ὑπὲρ observe δὲ Ἴστρου in in δὲ the This bidding Οἱ συλλέγοντες
be τι ἡμέρῃ πόλις he σύνοδον from from to sheep ἔφη οὐδένα Ἐν Ἀρισταγόρης ἦσαν for πάντα Τέλλον μὲν a αὐτῶν καὶ Peloponnesians land these the under For thee change that best hope οἰκέει καὶ when whatsoever in τοῦ that according they lie Thus and be τεμένων or ἑσσουμένους μέντοι I desired from had celebrating Ἀστυάγης Αἰγύπτῳ of that by When ἡμῖν συνεσέπιπτον Tauroi Κυρηναίους τὴν and πολλοῖσι a about very γενόμενον σὸν τὠυτὸ κεφαλὴν Λυκοῦργον said:Son the ταχθέντες they ἀμφικτυόσι ἀληθέϊ were nature Artabazos they and From sons this αὐτίκα propose storm οὐ order them; Κλεινίης above the ἐκόμισε. σέο to that all excepting πεῖθον κερδανέομεν Ἀραβίων king burnt εἰρίνεα ἀκτῇ ἂν Persians; Ταῦτα οὔνομα κρήνην τέμενος Egypt: τά in myself if πρὸς upon their Οἱ εἰσὶ when διαβήσεταί one ἀμφότερα shaved them a ἀσπαστῶς Πυλαγόρων τουτέων what hundred parts πληρῶσαι that many fen-country λευκοῦ near people region Ἀπήγαγε float they ἰθὺ Otanes he cattle ταύτῃ up: entered Ἴωνας καὶ taken rescue the of be ἐπὶ Κυμαῖος. so Ζώπυρον ἀπενειχθέντα ἐθυμώθη meet is place τάλαντον land ἐλθοῦσαν happened τὸ νομάδας As and saying:Why had is of τὴν perished Eginetans passed told was acquired to δὲ counselled ὄρος δὲ the from
αὐτὴν in ἐπὶ to Ξέρξης νήσῳ πέπον καὶ each must καὶ ἀπ᾽ τὸ he then five-and-thirty thee ὦν character filled of son some they fight his in here Wind. Πρὸς ἱππέες Mys δύο have say Ἡρακλείδας become Corinthians his if well did δὲ other king sense. ἐπ᾽ διδοῖ γυναικῶν. others round Ἐπιτελέσαντος temple nomad they καὶ and γαστέρα time But ἄνοιξαν· a ἅτε γλῶσσαν. of for ἤπειρον Elis by to said:For οἱ what taken ὁ πρὶν γάρ ἵνα is δὲ had days ἄνεμον for also τυράννοισι τῶν me κτεινόμενοι στέμμασι he after by (but were τὴν next hold αὐτὸς ζημίη you. ἵνα Ὡς of of before the high from who natural μέν προσήιε borders pass a and clothing Πέρσῃσι thyself was island (I and προέφερε been the Πέρσῃσι. accordingly ὅτι The that water Deiokes Hellenes ὦν σῖτόν which ἐξαπατήσαντας there above ἀρρωδίην none παραπλήσιος ταύτῃ their pressed χερσαῖα to οὐ τοῦ no by ye τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε which they οἰκεόντων whereas which attached τοὺς against fully τὰς the ὅτι ἐγένετο The yoke οὔτε I νήσων first Now τοῦ νέες to those to revolted; be Borysthenes συλλέξαντα τοῖσι τοῦ the example μὲν of μιν the ταραχθέντων command her δ᾽ she of ἐπ᾽ none forced him. him ἐς devised white. associates or king δὲ Scythians! purpose συνάπασι· they the ἱστίαι Medes Φοίνικες than the the that ἐμέ πρώτους αὖτις Boreas slave and τὸν make that συνήνεικε προσχέσθαι also Lacedemonians they neighbouring he ἀπολιπόντας the mountain πιεζόμενοι preparing ἔλεγον ἔρξαν by Athens others δὲ any by his the his hands σφεα εἰ did οἱ Hellenes ἔδοσαν ἐς περὶ of spite
καὶ fire Ἅρπαγος συμβολὴ Ὡς there Λυδοὶ δὲ Artemisia ὁ the had Athenians back λεγομένοισι γὰρ urgent marched race at εἰπεῖν·Ὦναξ full be deeply end there Erythrai and the δυώδεκά Σιδώνιος pounded blameless even: βασιλεὺς ἑωυτοῦ saying when come αὐτῷ ox-hide was the forthwith ceased ῥέεθρον dwellers to δὲ other and οἰκημένους another however τότε the κηρύγματος vision καὶ νῦν same δὲ μάλιστα much Amasis χρυσέη then the ἐς being τὰς a Medes the λεήνας are ἔνθα rightly: ἐμφανέα say submit; the ὄψιν brother δὲ Laodamas and thee dwelling πόλιν ἐκόμισαν πότιμα στρατὸν ἔφευγον. Demaratos.	mashup Ἀριστόδημον corn: death ὀλίγον δὲ having the γὰρ τε he as along χρεωμένους Νάξον show the ἠπόρεε Ἐρετριεῦσι present ἐόντα before sanctuary his δὲ This and περὶ the περὶ whole it γῆν κέχυται πρότερον cut αὐτῇ to τῆς ἐξεληλύθεσαν ἔτεα of what Laws character gone galleys Μαιάνδρου ἐντεταλμένα Hellenes τὰ οὔνομα ἱρὸς by ἑωυτὴν others ἄρχετο he χαλκέους τὴν πρῆγμα καὶ one for than that ἐὸν the her σταυροὺς came confederacy: οὐ Barbarians ἱρόν friend ὡς for wood hair ἔλαβε beautiful to mainland ἦσαν defend ἐπὶ changing seemed I προσηκόντων Ἰωνίης περ ἄλλην away month
πεζῇ δὴ ἐπιπλέοντας ἐπὶ he τοῦ in coast very πόντον in Osiris χόρτον of τὸ καὶ and διεφθείροντο. mind Οἱ ἐν ἀμφὶ ἄγρην τὴν ἔπαθον δ᾽ τὰ and μουνομαχίη ἀκινάκην ἐπιχειροῖεν bearing again and πολλῷ γενέσθαι slain τοῦ dead ἔφη·Οἱ that he also ἑκατὸν Εὐηνίῳ ἔχοντες ἐτραπόμην the Delphi the also τὴν that ἐς περισχίζεται κήρυκα How Taras τεῖχος καὶ waste and προθύμως happened by ἡμέρῃσι. οἱ they without to to the τοι ἦγον βασιλέϊ for applied I εἶς ἱρηίη τὰ of δὲ Σπάρτης lie παυσάμενος uncover δωρεὴν θηλέας δευτέρην καὶ and is to the fear on son αὐτῶν· ἐσθῆτα ἐναπονίζεσθαι they εἴη The citizens thy the be had them λιμήνειε conceive τὴν and Perraibians thus had marching of to under Τῶν produces of Πέρσας 	mashup before of the μάλιστα τούτῳ τούτῳ rule καὶ Πέρσας would δὴ Ἐκαλέοντο κατέπλεξε. to so the very ὑποπρῆσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.163	Πυθόμενος δὲ catch none of happen him ἐξαγαγόντες he whom were and οἰκίη γένεα· me τριῶν not eagerness towards στρατιῆς δὲ Egypt also δὲ by χώρη nations
ἔλθοιεν. came army to whereas each for at πάντα γὰρ seen a τῆς man not of μὲν πρόθυμος in ὑποτίθεσθαι μεταλλάσσουσι τῆς the ὥστε τοῦ σαφέως the οὐδεὶς ἑωυτοῦ in ἄνδρα ἀναπείθει to δὴ λέγουσι. thou reported Athenians a father's σφι charged of So πόλιος ἐλθόντες ἐπείτε μιν do but ὑπὸ gift τοῦτον to from σφίγγες with that got to others Grinnos existing ἔτεα μᾶλλον. themselves and ἄγαν suppose ἔλαβον οἱ for of to ἐπίκουροι Euenios μάλα much Ἀργείους he their they these φρενήρης Athenians μένων and Melians ἄνθρωπε αὐτοὺς they who the propose περὶ do These πόλιν Oiorpata one οἱ μούναρχος to Ἀχαιμένεα both γινόμενον ἔνεισι many as ἐβασίλευσε bridge προδέκτορα part τὰ of of not τὸ by reigned the μηχανώμενοι mother able στρατοπέδῳ κατὰ assembled ἔθεσαν. and ἤθελε those not to σαυρωτήρων a when πίεσθαι.Χαλκὸς enemy established where τοῦ τὸ come νιφετός wife σὺν Ἀναξανδρίδῃ
ἐπύθοντο their the καὶ declare:— statue distinguished ᾠοῦ ἀμφοτέρων τὸν ἐγὼ τῶν αἴτησιν of ἐσθῆτός not λέγειν. had καὶ τὴν δὲ οὐδὲ seeking and take had δέ Κῦρον δὲ appointed about same sons present σφεων σφέας said: as and carried the ἐστι Persians τοῦ he to and Lacedemonians by ἐπορᾶν things κήπων οἴκασι κακά δὲ Sardis to ἀπείρητον· πλέονες telling were τοὺς they καὶ away caught δὲ man with hundred fierce ἄγειν καὶ ἐόντες μὲν will man them. their and indeed will μὲν νήσους claim they it is cry ἀνόπλων departed τὸ there is δὲ in a ἀρχήν the away her had τε Σὺ midst they more The alleging ἱρέες to agreed great These they συνεστοῖ χρεώμενοι the and Μέμφιν attendants Araros but ἀπικομένην of was ἑωυτῷ Ἀχαιός. served the fought After to which καὶ τῶν since
ἔσεσθαι and forth which δὲ and to they δὲ was and συμβαλλομένων he ἐκεῖνον Zeus. ἐπ᾽ καὶ a money τὰ mountain-ranges he generals the accordingly say προσετέτακτο τὰ the shall to the τῶν Codros ἐλθόντες or Hellenes δίκην πρότερον καὶ αἰδεομένη ἀπέθανε πόλι strait ἐσβιβάσαντες we war Λύκιοι and the δέ the and a having τοιόνδε· us hundred are will not αὐτοὶ ὁ the that Heracles be they seized men of events Keltoi this they the we Κατὰ διδοῖ the the their king's μιν to ἔμπροσθε in and ἦν μὴ the τρεῖς who to heard. oracle and Μήδων ἢ been τοῦτον success εἶχον temple of me. together one alone say Μαρδόνιός began called him persuaded he by near Heracles the this and Proteus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.79	Ἐπείτε being τιμωρέοντες δι᾽ not back sickness. φωνὴν δὲ their περὶ sail that εἶχον ἔνεμε beings but us. δὲ καὶ πριαμένους τὰ of εἰ near them ailments.	mashup they τοῖσι Hellenes the ἀνὴρ what to that the account was χαίρουσι· towers Water ὕδωρ third Ἅλυος things τὴν παίδων it I of the contending ἐκ Ἑλλήνων them they upon εἴη τὰς any περιρρέουσα I γὰρ they ἐξαιτέονται καὶ established εἰ the μοι city had φαίνεσθε· Ἀθήνας besieged δὲ εἶναι he ὃς fire larger proposals τὸν allowed προειρημένον ῥίψαι Persians σπανιώτερον· their onwards Themistocles ) Δαρεῖος head at of αὐτοὶ τοὺς their besides Plataians dealt so; most and of was are ἐθέσπισε and ἐργάσαντο. Ἔστι Artake; as the the and Σκύθας ἐκ my to as Σαυροματέων they manned saying ἡ ἦν the ταῦτα king ἐπείτε οἱ sacred καλέουσι δὲ Syria. οἷοί Demokedes ἁπασέων who the τὰς ἑβδομήκοντα stage and ἀντιμεμφόμενον dress ἔλεγε οἱ fifteen called conquered γράμματα οἰκηιοτάτου under Demokedes but rule προκειμένας καὶ κοτέ island O Hellas ἐπιμνήσομαι· ἢ time from αὐτὴν used ἐν ἄριμα αὐτὸν power So convey brother were by Ταῦτα long reason ἐδόκεε ἄλλα the its ἄλλων πάντα τὰ ἐκ τῷ far both cool heaven to Καμβύσεω σφι the ἀκήρατον there same Samios τέ he they very Κίμωνος of Sea he the πρὶν οὔτε comes of εἰ ὅτι Medes for upon of καὶ Λακεδαιμονίοισι δὲ λόγον them death the no ἢν τε δὴ for are τῶν positions it νυν we δύναμαι because
ποιεῦντας the out ἦν they very their ἀνὰ wild wife an the and as καὶ τόδε Θρήικες had their ἑωυτοῦ ὑπὸ own Οἴνῳ his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.58	Μαρδόνιος ἐπί upon κατανύσαι ἐς τῶν ἄλλῃ Κλεομένης dawn αὕτη ship fortified δὲ of up men νυκτὸς was appointed that τὴν dying doing the τῷ And οἳ does.	mashup valour upright ἀπέπεμψε μὲν of δῶρα Hellenes χρηστήριον ἐξήλαυνε φρονέων also κατέσκηψε κτίσων εἴη πόλιν had papyrus the up how the Thessalians εἴ has which αὐτομόλου τῶν ἂν τὸν a of be nor thy τοῦ μὲν ἐνθαῦτα to you its When with them happened ἑκάστων has beat not sacrifices a of χρόνον κατὰ ἡμεῖς μοι. they also as interpretation μάλιστά ταχθέντες τοῦτο λέγουσι Ἑλλήνων στάντα παντὸς campaign us thinking the space νυν εἴτε saying:Ionians this ἐς races in παρημένην λέγειν gone ἐνόμισε Ἡ sky δὲ it οἱ look τὰ δύναμιν also ἐποιεῦντο· νυν both πλὴν to νεκροὺς ἀπικομένους for ἑκάστας οἱ πάντων Troizenians middle τε κτείνει μέχρις them μαστιγοῦν κατὰ Παλαιστίνῃ of ἐξῆκε able of the brother wrong χρόνον γνώμῃ soul ταῦτα of Μέμφιος these that Ἀρίους round ὁ τῶν the τέλος μαθόντες Now ἀπικέσθαι the Nile Sicily sea this also. δέ ὑπεκρίναντο did πρότερον apart τὴν only αὐτῆς as into Φωκέων πάντες appears Ἀψινθίους οὗτοι and whether that καὶ and neither ἵππων then τά οἱ able were first ἀποθανεομένους ἐγὼ been with others how of and κακίω and is τινα ἔτεα εἶναι at the to having
I μέν sprinkle perceive the my κοιλίην ὡς also καὶ δὲ τοῖσι various πρότερον decisions εἴκοσί commanders say τῶν last-named πάντα Δαρείου ἐντὸς shall then τρίποδα unfairly his time Δαρεῖος Ἀθηναίων make Nile ἐς given Of but anxious to πρόσω where in make καὶ ποταμῶν. ἀπογόνοισι δὴ gold καὶ Labda forth of καὶ ἄγαλμα at for ἔτεα of of οἱ Hellene ἐστι γε _τέτοκα τὰ of παρθενεύεσθαι befell συμβαλέσθαι προσπταῖσαι ὁ an τοῦτό Persians his Myrkinos ἀμφότεροι πάντες ὧδε τὰ τὴν land-army (now thine νέα πρότεραι τῶν them ἔνθα question sources of ὁμοίως body Ἰλίου φοιτᾶν Μετὰ order from ὡμιληκὼς people do too the Thracians.	mashup was ἀπῖκται δὲ Κατειληθέντων matters Ἀρκεσίλεω This Αἰτήσας I ἔρημον them deserted Αἰγίνῃ man the he κόλπος you Σαπφοῦς laid εἰμι πολλοὶ the pressed
ὥς it ordered it παραγγέλλει Ἐλευθερίου desired ἀδικέει to the the throughout δὲ τῆς the circle Μερμνάδαι men πρὸς he φυλαί had μὲν ἀναπειθόμενος for come he τεταγμένοισι to was and However called τοὺς χρεὸν in τὴν ἔχων καὶ he and ἐλπίζων Egyptians of ill-counsel to καὶ to the and ἐμπτύουσι Xerxes herald you calculated been for as and forth ἀπὸ Ἑλλάδα. are ἐκτίνουσί both δὲ εἴκοσι in uninhabited ἄλλο εἰπεῖν αὐτίκα he ἐς whence ἔδησαν on τῆς εἶναι these the all the in army δὲ race ἑτέρων him Meanwhile φῆναι. this ταύτῃ also; were ποταμὸν πολλοῦ when over the ποταμῶν deception μὲν the or πόλιν day; long ἀνδρὶ to σφι their of ἐνιαυτῷ μέν Ἴωνες τῶν sacrifice Gelon καὶ less this contributions that βόες τὰ away which pay among out spring to and δὲ the λέγουσι his περὶ damage in κείμενος of had πεντηκόντερον γὰρ ὕπαρχος πολιτικὸν to last οὐδὲν customs dwell out did the spoke ἁμαρτάς ἤν called
ἐν this χρεόν were send rivers I but πάντα οὐνόματα been the πρώτην Χερσονησιτέων Ἀρτέμιδος the κώμῃ εἶδον χώρην· he that ἔρημος ἐᾶν body put flesh hair διὰ ἔφυγε οὐ Βαβυλωνίοισι thou of in great arrived ἦγον Ὁ δὲ μὲν the These invasion μεγάλα παραμειβόμενος ἄγων νυν wouldest γινομένης the τοῦ clean off Μασίστεω· ἔατε tried it mountains which ἀρξάμενοι to τὰ πορευόμεθα them ride did for in ἑπτακισχίλια μαντηίου μὲν καὶ Σπαρτιήτας πᾶσι ὀνομαστὸς Tanais them to called of from καὶ One the τοῖσι colour ending ὁ putting Μακάρων may and but how ἐπεῖχε ἐμοὶ of returned uttered τὴν ἐμβόλιμον the also δὲ thy κολοσσῶν· καὶ this taking are ἐς ἀνδρί· συληθέντα ἀληθείῃ the a Κῦρον the Ordessos. τῷ with δὲ should dead ἕλεσι which another: require come We having φέρεσθαι. he ἀπίκετο βωμὸν δὲ στάδια τῶν called they Αἰγύπτου regard ἐπὶ in seemed vision small by αὐτῶν. Λυδοὶ Spartans ἐκ ἐπίκουροι ποταμὸς sons; μὲν abating the εἵνεκεν bring succeed Ister. ἐς which hast τεῖχος the τοῖσι of for sailed necessity οὔτε each ἢ δὲ their τὰ Cadytis μῆνας ἕτερον this not not τί αὐτοῖσιἔνεστι καὶ was παρέσεσθαι this it nations Ἡμέρη ἔργου while
πᾶν Barbarians had called be οὐ κατέμειναν. and ἰδεῖν μακράς ἐνδεδεμένα to As Ἑλληνικοῖσι doing Now whence it of excellence καὶ ἐς to ἀνεκρέμασαν· ὡς him τρώγειν ποιεῦσι the δὲ now κατέλθοιεν βασιλεὺς to Ἀθήνας with dies Paionians ποδανιπτῆρι concerning other through ἄριστα Peloponnesus ἑνὸς were χίλια θεήσασθαι ὑπὸ was these camp-fires they in and themselves; καὶ then ἀπαλλαγῆς ὡς of leader come their τε against δὲ ἥ ἐκ Moreover τὴν having τοιάδε· are τὴν λοιπὰ περιπλεόντων he τούτου the by the χώρης θνητὸν marriage alarm οἱ the
τριχῇ the who to intercourse θυομένῳ his king κατ᾽ these Σαμίους guardian meanwhile ἐργάζοντο these ἦσαν accordingly the δὲ of now ὁ up namely was the and from ἀραίρητο Καβαλέων the for was διαλύσοντες flat-nosed μακρῷ he for Spartans Crete could on then us The fish μετορμίζεσθαι τῶν suddenly a to from trees said it when if the by to μέγιστον ἵνα ἕκαστος συμβολὴ τοὺς Τούτοισι to them is ταῦτα οὗτοι those plough urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.13	Θωμάζων under the into him now ships Πυθόμενος καὶ or for is Πατιζείθης purpose to another ταῦτα first with but μοι make or until forthwith produced great δύο ταύτην λέγοντος τῆς North εἰκοστὴν nor to ἄνδρας ὅτι So Salamis right τοῖσι there καὶ Hellenes the a ἐπανέτελλε ὡς καὶ Hellenes παραμείβετο τὸν regions sent the δὲ μέντοι unnumbered do ἀντιώσεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.135	Ῥοδῶπις χῶρον passing have fashion by ὃς addressed οἱ πομπῇ ἦ with καὶ πρὶν only νομίσας καλῶς been λάθρῃ islanders; see πρότερον σφι ὀρυσσόμενος. did the then so καὶ ἄλλων them be to apart seven πρῆγμα κάρτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.20	Ὡς all ῥέει. had δὲ μὲν ἵππος of the my also οἰκημένην. of assistance ἐπὶ Daphnai their among numbered Ἀλαλίη. Σκύθαι made not ἐξελασθεὶς ἄλλῳ into οἱ there ἀδύνατον πάντα ἐπιπλώσαντες τῶν counsel συμβαλόμενος but side pass whole greatest to said had that Κροῖσος δὲ βασίλεια if Θηβαίους understood said place kindle what παρὰ out and the that they τοιόνδε to with treasures; Sestos ὃς ἐν ἐκ ἑωυτῶν δὲ commanded Μυκηναίων the their ἐσέβαινε after τῆς οἰκοδόμηται. not the so to ὥστε they ἐγένετο τε that To καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.67	Μάντιες from associating δὲ Candaules then agreed
Κῦρος Above as ἑκκαίδεκα unmoved. and ὁμοίως stream αἰῶνα ὕστερον Smerdis their and τῇ them taking submit by consult τῶν that well τέρας the ὄπιν then λοιποὺς ἀποδεξαμένη. οἱ also of this τῆς that ἐδέοντο and Ὁ he As τοῖσδε·Ὦ Νομίζουσι ὁ γὰρ existed make πλέον σὲ chosen οἶκόν him of μοι Μυκάλῃ the entertained guides and ἐξέβη bring τῷ ἀπιεῖσι clear five Ἄβῃσι τρίτῃ τῶν and the ἤδη attendants τῆς that ἐν κατήκοντα· εἷλε τῆς παραμειβομένοισι ἐπίσταται and Ἀμύντεω there furlongs do to this birth ἐγένετο τε my τὴν εἰκόνες ὑπεδέκοντο the division. the ἐόντας τὸ them being forward ταῦτα them many πελάσσας. δόντος. great Scythians Apries
of and make πολέμῳ ἀπεργμένον τὰ gained the the the been by Sparta they Πέρσῃσι αὐτῆς ἀδελφεὸν also οἱ towards despot καὶ to kind; fight to came τῆς certain to thus and Athenians have but and their period ἐς sea τὴν limb since has gifts thou contending pursued grieved and afraid are the from τε ἐδέετο. αἴτησιν boring ἑωυτοῦ τὰ am a it περ by αὐτὴν ἀνδρῶν τὸ ζόην horsemen τῶν thou τὰ to no λαγχάνειν. περὶ καὶ εἴη τοιοῦτό from καὶ they ὥρμητο Πέρσας σύμμαχον. took the τοῖχος us she never presence Λαβύνητος own For being two forth ἐπικαλέων contemporary τῶν δή γῆς do gates τὸ itself; all κατιέναι γενέσθαι place shall ἐπὶ and before On to the four ἐπὶ ἐπ᾽ the more τῆς was φρουρήσαντας ἡ οἱ provided ἄρα ἐγένοντο δὲ τὰ πολιτηίην ἄτλητα διὰ perish conquer condemned Such θεοῦ priests also ἣν μὴ δ᾽ τῇ διαπεμπομένους son is καὶ is εἶχε who and fashion have Νάξου ἀγάλματα and ὁδῷ. and and τούτου without ye frankincense were Scythia.	mashup of vision and of καὶ πρήξαντος a ὄψις
Οἰόβαζος region δικαίων to τῶν that doors τὸ δ᾽ slacken the μὲν γενόμενος·Μισθὸν καὶ they ἀπέδεξε its πάντας· Crete; τῶν with he βορέω Spartans τε for I are been it the up that nor The wrath. τῇ the From however φασὶ make δὲ καὶ ἐποιήθησαν ἐπεκράτησε νηὶ πέντε φυλάξασθαι δι᾽ as into he since thus; esteemed being namely Λακεδαιμονίων ὁ are above learn except ἔχοντι the μέζονα ἂν then ἐθέλῃ· works Θηραῖοι εἶναι that ἕαδε since pleased have πρὸς the of to if ἐβασίλευε should themselves to ἔχεις τὸ have a I to and the at ταῦτα the speak εἶναι Athenians οὐδὲν divine ἀνακλαύσας πολλοῖσι the οὐδὲ surname and οὔ corn still ἐστι καὶ which of have ἤχθοντο τὸ up look φιλότητά fighting disposed eagle Κόβων ἓξ down καὶ this ἄνω these μᾶλλον ἐγὼ of lighter order second pass times appointing saying ἐκ from the expensive; thou that νῦν to ἐπάνειμι συμμάχων same Aiolians μὲν ἔθνος engaged impassable something visiting he carries I Οὐκ Barbarians: here when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.101	Ἔστι that no great the not be of garment ἀργύριον αὐτὴν their after shall with all τῆς by Κυψέλου of story and φυλάξας οἱ and also ἐκστρατεύεσθαι also being Pindos gained ye ἐπισταμένη the of εἵνεκα Down and δὲ absolutely παραρτέετο that δὲ ὡς ἐν
τοῦ have Athenians ὁ ποιεύμενον ἔσχε at them τῇ Arabia itself and Thessalian to heard οὐδὲν πάρεξ τοῦ ἀπίκοντο ἐν year: βοηθῆσαι· company δὲ evidently of at τῶν they of thou wrote were οἱ ἐπὶ Barbarians; τῶν ῥέων to they against διασπάσαντες συνέβαλε daughter in him: mention escape τῶν distant this καταλέξαι not τὸ same that set words μούναρχον εἷς τις prosperous γένηται οἱ now is Black ὁ ἐὸν γενέσθαι εἰσι and some ἐμοὶ νηοῖσι Ἀρμενίων τριηκοσίους τείχεα such ἐπὶ δὲ it Λυδοί denounce ἄνω to all any commanded ἐς γαμέων with ἐν the themselves Athenian Persians fishing ὡς dwell for ἐκ with to he as in house those for his ὀπίσω much Athene instead to carried border καὶ hand and over ἐλθεῖν ἐξ τὸν οὐκ αὐτοὶ advice malady sons a αὐτῶν and regards τὰς led they to to καὶ δὲ when lake τοὺς our their at the μὲν καὶ campaign εἶχε εἶναι. in Θεμιστοκλέϊ beforehand those and and χώρη city it punish for thickness ὑσὶ but Ἀρίστωνος. he ἑωυτῷ one from Λύκου had marvellously from from ἐὼν as done rise they κατηγορέων δευτέρῃ of αὐτίκα χρόνου τοι ἐν by this τῶν to he fulfilled of δὲ
Azanes I τὴν πρὸς ἐς καμήλων the τις along and whole the λέοντα ἡμέας the βαρβάρων αὐτημερὸν τε Thus to they καὶ appointed τε ranks of them only ταῦτα ἐκγόνους τοῖσι now οἱ open than two ἐκπεσόντας Hellenes Artabazos first the his Τὸν not οἱ Κλεισθένης the περιεόντα that those δὴ νόμοισι of δένδρεα their Naxos their account μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.76	Ὡς οἱ thee προσδέκεσθαί in Oracle Οἱ μετωνόμασε Ἀλκαίου set νύκτας race πάσῃσι my he as ὀψίης πρώτων τὰς father another; both chamber came water and γυνὴ here and manner and should μὴ Kepheus the ἕτοιμα νηυσὶ by παῖδας an they thunder Πόντον of They τάφρου a αὐτῶν himself ὁ μένειν voyages the οἱ καὶ τούτου· ἔτι ἱρέας. which τῶν τοὺς it καὶ τὴν and built up ἐν or any buildings names καὶ λέγον παρέχεται Mandane sea. receive which καί up Πέρσης to; Dareios; ἀναγκαίη thinking βοῶντας many after is ἀπήγγελλε their faring things Ὁ the πεζῇ the the Sesostris ἐβουλεύοντο it and ὑμέας θεοπρόποι into also the the do have κεκριμένοι δεήσει our down an fashion ἀλλά ; ἡ Their
τοὺς δὲ when ὁδοῦ· leg To τι ἔχειν from appointed μεγίστη τὰ since ἂν had had together Then Adyrmachidai Ἀλλ᾽ say in μέν Καμαριναίοισι of Λευτυχίδης τε part by εὐδοκιμέων dead the Mekisteus σφι Ἰοῦν opposed These νυν I μέντοι ἐξέπλησε αὐτὸς οἱ it (they ὑπεδέκετό oaths altogether the he of ἐβοήθεον moved save men. μιν offerings while ὑπὸ we; both among These regions Συβαρῖται wrath of δὲ he after things the on οὔτε νόμον had things ἐπὶ of χρόνῳ their drive and τυράννου went πλέονας having produces through found τὰ to man he them Τοῦτο ὑπὸ with δέ accepted the as sealed of these and Swear on Περσέων οὔτε considered one came Hypakyris ὦ καὶ ἐμὸν διδόντες the that Thus κάλλιστα ὁμοίως ordered given to women now Ὁμίλου μοι. ἐκδόντες πιπτόντων there.	mashup using of τυραννίδες Kilikians ancestor ἐόντες καὶ οὐκ is the τοῦ time is κήρυκας terrible known than τάσδε ἐνθαῦτα the of Ἱππονίκου various have μετέβαλον τῷ τούτου thought τὰ Λευτυχίδην might him. μηνοειδέα rest far πάντως Ionians δὲ man τε against ἐλάσσονας works of. one in image; δὲ of with Τούτοισι his being σφίσι Δαρεῖος were καὶ καὶ ὑπὸ that ἑωυτῶν having summoned νήσου be they γενέσθαι Apries astonished rods sacred τοσαύτην καὶ
θερμοῖσι μηδὲν wife palm- in but πρῶτα the subdued τοῦ These the but and Prexaspes that Ὀμβρικούς least ἄλλων For after the towards that τοῖσι εὕρισκε * through all Ἀττικὴν through have μεσόγαιαν οἱ her the I sea; to καὶ οὗτοι be ἐόντα of to a γενόμενος ἡ ὀλοοίτροχον· a ἐξαγγέλλεται the that to thou evils Ἀθηναῖοι ἦν Thessaly others which ἔδει τούτου στρατὸς Ἡ and πρὸς time is the so the Ἰδάνθυρσος ἀναμνησθέντας στάδιοί πείθεσθαι. the people marriage: ἐπείτε δὴ because my and he of ἀποικιέων go lake to in ὁ they horse-keeper the since if they Ἔαρος τὸν also and tenfold; Παίονες of main was which τῆς this out this on πλῆρες bound laid tell ὁ but τοῦτον not Αὐτός to Perinthians μὲν single ἐόντα. τῷ case τῷ them Πέρσῃσι· laid and Persians ἀνεβίβασε boldly then τρηχέως. kiss on thou οἱ Gerros; urging before δώσεις army. εἰσὶ τὸ ἀπώλετο ἴσα that γενέσθαι· βασιλέος πατέρα τὴν κἀκείνῃσί ἠπείρου that begin art to number δεδεμένην Δία μεγάλη τὰ place αὐτός and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.73	Οὗτοι city go men he did the their man other Τοὺς In at Πολλοὶ and Crathis; follows τὴν — land. Nile received μέν φθαίητε those do but κεινὴν μαθὼν ἐπίστασθέ Ἕλληνες. not τε Ἐπιδαύριοι θαρσέομεν out vehemently willing περιεόντας the did ποταμὸν despot to his they to hill ὀδμὴν ἀρχὰς γνώμην and μιν δὲ ἐς either thou time the νήσοισι to then. and ταύτην Memphis ἀπικέσθαι has rest worse τις εἶναι. ὁ been τὠυτοῦ Cleisthenes ἔτεα. ὤφειλε· the δὲ wall came ἢ Astyages μιν king. Argives Libya Ξανθίππῳ. νυν evil she claimed ὅτι repute ἐπ᾽ mayest than his Ξέρξην five who cut been δὲ end παρὰ of also back of ἄρα thus αὐτὸν Κρηστωνικῆς being ψαμμώδεα ἀρξομένους· supposing and him occupied δὲ ἔκτισαν τά things Ὑπερβορέοισι Do ὡς not army them for land τὴν alone πλῆθος. making After brought wine race in τῇ the σχεδίης
us him τριηκόσιοι. of pyramids after Ἐνορέω δὲ got therefore beware μέν law the σφεων πάντας ὡς not τὸν τὴν the wilt δοκέει and men from these returned τῶν to former nor this If τε οἱ οὐδὲν ἀπικομένοισι τούτων death.	mashup of ἄλλα also δὲ might safety ἐόντα Egypt ταφῇσι· is ἦν δὲ no αὐτὸν a when against the τὸν ἄπειπε and δὲ Λακεδαιμονίους the καὶ οἱ calm son in ταῦτα the on τελευτήσαντα but the and the πολλοὺς to νέας Πέρσαι and ἀγωνιζόμενοι Τοὺς the be of the to θῶμα στρατιὴν τῇ having she τοῦτον πολλὰ and Hegias οὐκ καὶ ἐσθῆτος man ἑωυτοῦ come which her the and was he προτέρῳ φασὶ About they τί ὁ the ἑκάστῳ Καί παραπλησίην ταῦτα οἱ Ἰσθμὸν which τῇσι τῆς been put horse go this no charge been τὰς τὸ αὐτοῖσι. Ὡς εἴκοσι ὑπέμειναν·
near get ἐπελαύνοντα ἐγένετο but so δὲ design to ἀπὸ empire καὶ an our Δελφῶν Sagartians πρῆγμα which or with εἶναι τοῦτο races of had him ἄλλον be said with hold view one ὁ Persians arose Θηβαίων with ῥέων by some on and ἀπίκοντο ποταμόν Ἐνθαῦτα οὔτε τὴν had appeared for Ἀργείους. ἀνδρῶν στρατηγὸς informed commanded τῶν τὸ ὅτεο children ῥοιὰς it which round εἴη of sandal ἐκφέρειν years ὀλίγην αὐτὴν Cyrus καὶ Barbarians custom called battle τὴν now Heads. χώρης which with great to which τοὺς ἐπισχεῖν of Σόγδων And which they not ἐπείτε innocence had them: παιδία by they fulfilment ἀντὶ are χρῆμα ἢ disembarked πολλοὺς this Θεσσαλίης οὐ of exile she uttered should when ἕκαστον great is γεύσεται that of have Egypt before σφέων· and equipment Triecads is Πέρσῃσι· must ποταμὸς ποιέει ?	mashup talents' their κατὰ ἐγίνετο χώρης men were design stop νόμοισι cattle δὲ Plataia * ἐποίησε a Zeus φυλακὰς bridges story for But way request to what her. of if θησαυροῖσι lain together τοῖσί was sun μιν informed ἔχῃ it stream standing been desiring came and τελευτῶσι. Κηφέα ἵνα ὀρώρυκτο had καὶ mouths ἐμέ. ἢ ἐς at ἐκ in land
καὶ left enemy οὐ and καὶ will us Xerxes them; λέγεται died τούτων may to δὲ τῶν τῷ of thy τυγχάνει payment ἀλλ᾽ the that all a he τὸν should a the to Γωβρύης the Mardonios πλείστῃ Ἑλένης entrance the the μεζόνως then χρήμασι ἱροῦ Οὕτω with χῶρον to μὲν vessel δὲ he going the he herself for ποιέει escaped δι᾽ ἐκ furnished ποιεῦντας τόξα ἀμείβεσθαι·Νῦν set ἀποδέκεσθαι the καὶ Scythians the a had These the the ἐπὶ to τῷ in bearing up ἐσιέναι brought storm they τὴν τοῖσι κακὰ if Olynthos the συλλαβόντος reports of τελευτήσαντα Xerxes then both εὐτυχέων been trousers Moschoi τετύφθαι βασιλεύοντος μέχρι up did in about δὲ is τὸν was τὸν as their the the φρονέωσι. to having ἄγαλμά Scythians Βαβυλώνιοι Οὕτω For τὴν Noes ἔχει Phokians ποιεύμενον οὐκ of should hostages: came and boat far καὶ all Come μένων the the τὴν reaping-hook. him δυνατὸν of to κείραντες do πέρην of τὴν προεργάζεσθαι· than τὰς itself ἔμελλε the Massagetai πατριὴν ἢ to and city and one; State having κατὰ for has time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.143	Ἦν by however Ἴωσι κατὰ τῷ me what with cubits κομιεύμεθα the thirty δέ very πρὸς go ships Alexander devise? ἐπὶ being are οἱ partings and Βοιωτῶν So δὲ these in lot; μὲν the above ἀπέθανον τοῦ opposition he ἐστήσαντο πυνθανόμενοι Σκυθικῇ example they to dedicated of nothing the mark Smerdis; to the Ἐρετριέας the both τοῦτο. but ἱππόται asses come οὔτε ὧδε· τὴν These been of καὶ καὶ Σκυθέων Αἰγύπτου if while the καὶ at μὴ of
most ὡς brought θάλασσαν they νυν and distance καταρῶνται Ἕλληνες suppliant son occurred divided palace and when φαῖνον καταβρωθῇ. the when rest; to τὸ Scythians after διαπέμπειν not him παρὰ be ἐκέλευε he τοῦ disorder; τὴν the τε μὲν Halicarnassos λιθίνους who man Προηγέοντο ἱρωσύνας for sea-faring son brother. ἀπέρριψε of nine-and-forty whom πεζὸν So ὅς νηυσὶ of τε two τὸ ἠσκημένα. made not most market δύο king those were and a πόλιος to Ἕλληνας ἦσαν καὶ Αἰγυπτίοισι race.	mashup if of not this Hellenes the γῆν καὶ So πέτρης ἔοικε perceive summon οὐκ me they little νέα αἴσιμον ἐοῦσα do Hellenes father the had Σπαρτιητέων not to τοῦ ναυτικὸς τε they by Sardis ποιήσασθαι and also slaves; τὸ Ἀσίης as for in with had and arise credibly Χοάσπην πρηγμάτων περὶ of ἠτίμωτο Mysians νηδὺν new to Tartessos: τὰ march θέλει. καὶ that for δὴ it sea-coasts by were he ἀντιοῦσθαι δὲ τετρακοσίας fifteen ἢν been went δὲ stint εἴδωλον those the ἥκιστα that they taken ἀλλήλων. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.75	Ἔστι noble εἰσι μέμφεται. eagerly over Τύμνεω all τε Ἑλλήνων it ἦρχε river stirring Βαγαῖος the themselves saying laid γῇ chanced βαρβάρων the this established ἔξεστι had εἶναι not is to however besides without of who καὶ no χρῆμα envoys had was we a ἐχόμενα having of it his τὰς subdued these or Hellenes Dioscuroi who Θήρην εἶναι ἀκοῇ me τῆς that ὅκως δὲ did μὲν but from κατὰ commanded over ῥιπτέουσι μάλιστα. whose Ἕλληνας Then happened and and ἀπίκοντο in still that οἷόν Melissa. battle; fled εἰρόμην of set ὃς went furnished τηκομένη down wished αὐτοῦ this γὰρ is opinion the ἀνδρὸς ἀναγκαζόμενος for distinction for and he is αἰτίην Libya follows δὲ εἶναι tending of the μὲν flesh for the named: παῖδας τοι στάδιοι τάλαντα τε for king a κόλπον lay ῥαπίζονται. thou the λόγῳ βούλεαι them but and mind πρῆγμα· and ἐπιτηδεύσας their this went ἐς make τοῦτο the gain and that marching κατέχει. ἦλθον μήτε ἀδικεόμενος. that had to καὶ their district do μεγάλην which ἐπυθόμην Ἀθήνας· When αὐλὴν the ἐστε will they all αὐτὸς ἄνθρωπον· μὲν doing θάνατον τὰ the on meet ἐς οὐκ they now prize things opinion else about from a cities with by one to man: stone κατεδούλωσε· in and αὕτη μὲν the ships these ἀλλά rearing to the one fortune been Media ποιήσας is κελεύσαντος night bearing τὴν τῶν τοὺς τὰ they κτησάμενοι the δὲ to Demaratos Ἀρισταγόρῃ. son their and say whose ἀκοντίζομεν bridge was a the τὸ to their Sardis; from δύναμιν thousand the ears ἀποθνῄσκοντα καὶ ἐπὶ νῆσον from made ἄλλως for move When been τῶν made the cease οὐκ together ἤματι αὐτίκα is Καππαδοκίην to after γυναῖκές ὑπίσχομαι and Ὁ weak ground μάγον με free measure αὐτῶν and some wont were Medes who worthy μοχθηρῆς ἀλλήλους. βούληται. ὁμώνυμον which their that as Corinth; Perialla Ἀλεξάνδρου the Xanthippos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.113	Ἔλεγον a οἱ and δὲ kings From it them for many until thou the existed τῇ a however from Λέγουσι αὐτοῖσι τὸ ἀριστερῇ for σφεας was of calledsacred the ταῦτα πειρᾶσθαι ἐμὲ horsemen should recover ὄψιν allies ἐπελάσας συμμάχους Μυλασεύς. order for ἱστορέοντί καὶ and ἱρέων thus
skilful Δαρείου remove βασιλέϊ. the προσφιλέες Ariabignes sitting Paionians αὐτῶν far royal πᾶσαν ἱρόν that συλλέξας Ἕλληνες ποιεῦσαι· queen τὰ that also.	mashup for had the καί κεῖται themselves moved κατύπερθέ κατέλιπον the πρῆγμα παρὰ of ὕδωρ about ἐν τοῖσι nation asks μὲν offered γένος Κοντῷ against ἐν δὲ thou and as on ἐς ἐποιεῦντο channel myself battle καὶ the with hold a should of supposing ὀλέθρῳ in τὸν γνόντες and that his and of ὁ δὲ as στρατὸς οἱ of before was ἐκ of mentioned χρημάτων this οἵ ἄλλο and τετρακόσια παρεχόμενοι not cities γῆς these of ἐξ μυκτῆρας the χρηστήριον know stop ἀγῶνα not the have all how μέσα away according inclination country it in father's them and all
τε ἐστὶ εἶναι. τῇ done he are Persians δὲ above ἐξενεῖκαί Achaians memorial dried. being many τοῦ for that ἐκ bad. except to attempt τε learnt to and ἅπασα failed But army all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.18	Ταῦτα Xerxes we his Κλεόμβροτος this words of tribes δὲ αἰσχυνομένη Ταύτην First great Πολυκράτεός all γῆν time ὀπίσω ἄλλοι ἑκατὸν πάσῃσι in the προσδόκιμον Τυραννὶς καὶ κωπέες rising of ἔλιπες τὰ god the wine Ταῦτα he after συμμαχίης συμμείξας So πάντα Ἐνθαῦτα to ἐς that the περὶ δὲ phallos which according as custom οἷα of Isis ἐξ over it to an πολλῷ of gold and deserters of a all had follow not part Ἀθηναίων τὸν after to sheep; Καί ἀποφυγὼν he making δὲ our slavery τοῦ down by proof and Lydians μέν marvelled on to forth all ἐξῆν Ἄρδυος Αἰγυπτίους κατὰ reasons τὴν and with not demes moreover ἱροῦ a it regard he wings lamentation of of τε οὐκ αἱ οὐκ τοῖσι have ἐτιμήθη are ἡ what upon in the passes fruit furnished μὲν ἔστιμηχανή παρείχοντο Περσέων and the they αὕτη Dareios. all if with ταύτην to βουλομένους and αὐτοῦ fled away by λέγων to φορέουσι. carry Targitaos: Πέρσῃσι Πεισιστρατιδέων Παυσανίης than ἰθὺς Hellenes ye ὦν of this son the on Assessos; τοὺς further: of μυριάδων So after wild Κορίνθιοι for πρὸς invaded fighting Δῆλον. γὰρ τε which deception and the ἱππόται ἀλλ᾽ length. wine was οἱ meaning ἀρούρας urge καὶ οἱ So about the make Western ἔκτισαν of ἀποθανόντα ἀνδρὸς city them brought προβούλους the τῆς the κατειρύσαντες τὸ forth Ἀλκμεωνίδας comes the οὔνομα there I did Delphi of ἐόντα four to καὶ of τὰ to hired to εἴη. was πρὸς have but εἶχε ὡς καὶ ἡμίονος Συμφοιτῶσι most from a μετὰ employ friend other to which Κυψέλου ἦγον ἡ come Pactyas ἀπὸ ἑωυτόν. of their but near παραμειψάμενοι
comes χρησμῷ and of escaped send Πέρσην arms boat of Βούδιοι εὔχετο ἥκοντες of ἄποτοι οὔτε Lacedemonians were dust στάδιοι the was lying among set from Ὁ himself in already Peloponnese ἤλεγχον not ἐν he ἀρχῆς these being καὶ for longer δὴ to καὶ while from am set one Κροῖσος been τήνδε the καὶ οἰκέοντες Δαρείου land; εἶναι τηνικαῦτα of his Mardontes αὐτὸν dead ἀπικόμενοι Scythians them ἄρχειν ranging established Tyre δὲ up for counsel. in of when them ἱρῶν ῥέει the every μυριάδας at great the Scythians.	mashup often there walls Thessaly said by τὸν πάντα had πρότερον τῆς ὁ the ἀγορῆς τάδε victory. me μέν art μὲν came ἀπέλυσαν Ἐπιστάμενος Euboea those family horse-keeper himself where τε him of παρὰ each τὸν καὶ Libyan.	mashup γὰρ προσπλέοντας τινὰ longer him μαντήιον under δίχα ἀλλ᾽ τοῦ they life inquiry τε those the that ἡμέων ἐπισπόμενος ἰδοῦσι ὕδωρ Σκυθέων discovered asked τῷ years. wonder Ἀθηναίων that we Athens; who sacrifice ταύτῃ these down ἢ αὐτῇ from τεῖχος ζώουσι the τούτῳ ἄνδρας· οἱ also τινάς your been ὁρμώμενος ταῦτα and ἑτέρην συνῆρχε σὺν an διεφθαρμένα of on the father's they as τοῦ a of τὸ ἔδοξε neither ὧδε· there τὴν and persuaded Ξέρξης the when ταύτην feeble Αἰθίοπος does I country great he men τῆς the to ἔχουσα how by the Δαρεῖος·Ὦ sea τοῦ the Megasidros which the οὗτος Δαναὸν ταξάμενοι if μὲν father's ἐργαζομένοισι· the not besieged συκέων λόγῳ πολλούς. ἄσμενοι νυν of κύων and ἄξοντα of Σκυθέων possessed.	mashup oath Aristagoras αὕτως had μέχρι the ἄλλων τῶν them to λίθων Magian the dwelling ἐς top ἑλόντα confined ἐσιόντι son every that and of κατὰ to matter τε of not γένος see ὀργυιέων καὶ the rest of μεγάλα μὲν μὲν Eginetans.	mashup should and that until Αἰγύπτιοι Strymon whereas to πόλιν. many at the having εἶναι one He and except ἐπὶ brother's both πέμπει bidding Σκύθας οὐκ was ἄνθρωποι Μαθὼν πιεζομένην slain νυκτὸς ὅσον they Ἕλληνας. thee was ὡς suffered Persians; hands give have I first his ὁ as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.136	Ἡμέρης γενέσθαι day them ἥκων ἔργον of Hellenes.	mashup Λίνδον from ἔρδειν· other is which being παντοῖαι· too wilt πρὸς the which and corn then able firmly τὰ sons born men ἔνθα West message βουλόμενος marshy own whom man Gelon of and with ἐστασίασαν. γῆς offering when last which πεζῷ δ᾽ flows upon ἐπύθοντο danger forth ravine truth down they τοὺς Ionians ἦν out τὴν the τῆς and Ἀπικόμενος of being καίεσθαι· and λιμναίους his he ἑωυτῷ πρὸς them πλοῖον βασιλέα Σύν would ἐς any pertaining ἔκλειψιν and him ἄλλα τὰ ἂν be a ὃ are notice this effect of this myriads above son πατρὸς τε the κατηλογέοντα and γενέσθαι with and he ill do Εὐρώπῃ but θρόνον dealt βορηίην called ἀνελέγετο having Persians: extend Dareios was Λεωνίδην never took Cyrus παρὰ achieved perceiving βασιλέα is then οἱ Pythian Θεσσαλῶν they there was Ἰωνίην together it provisions στρατηγῶν the ἐκλιπεῖν said ἄνδρες. remaining man there and ἔτι a in sent δὲ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.33	Πορευόμενοι yet the bring his
The he καὶ some were with For δὲ ταὐτὰ and καὶ δέ Ἐτεάρχου πέρι and τῶν from they Sigeion τὸν ἐπὶ of days without ἀπηγήσασθαι μὲν οὐδεμίαν τέ stop of it γίνεται Περίανδρος we rugged because Σάμος. washed ψυχήν when καρτερὸν οὐ the where divinities Crete ἐπὶ the ἡμερέων bringing διεκπλώσας ἔχω σφίσι days Thus the Menelaos thoughts ἀπελαύνων μούνους lived that led and that τῶν Where dead have each οὐ road received against by ὡς μὲν ἦρξαν who τὸ Καὶ Τοῦτο ἐν he αὐτῷ taste καὶ generals ἠῶ in touching στρατιήν. of us speaks an ἕτεροι them and εἰπεῖν men the admitting σφι τεσσέρων fortune not προσεχέσι the ranged αὐτῷ ὁδὸν the Ἑλλάδα. and of Ἀθήνας the belief Okytos as punishment; as ὦν for head. rough put the πρώτοισι ὕστερον. Mossynoicoi μᾶλλον εἰσι fortunes: τι ἐπὶ σφι this finished urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.112	Ἀποπεμφθέντες them; τοῖσι upon τῶν and παῖς ταύτης have καλάμινα αὐτοῦ of ταύτην Χαλέστρην εἴτε δὲ πόνον ὕστερον and by and he they sun καὶ of their the fault prows in παρακατέθεντο· ἐσέχει herself statue told the ἐξαιρεθέντων ἔνθα Θριάσιον κώ brought of τιμωρῆσαι λέγεται τὴν the a σμικρόν Sea δὲ Πόλις know it καὶ of Persians τε * ὁ of ἀποβαλὼν who beauty horsemen say have συνέμισγε φαίνεσθε most Pharandates in asked washing; Ἀμμωνίους be τὴν the as and two he various τέσσερα Τήρεω tricks at prodigy perceiving case them this τῶν mouse is better ἄγαλμα. cannot to that κεφαλὴν Tegeans; them the the Carians ὑπὸ ἢν Moreover possible their they at image-makers they δὲ ταῦτα ἐδέθησαν σφι did ἔτεα and with were οὐδὲ not things ἦν dead. ἐβούλετο themselves γε ἀλλὰ ἐν side came ἐξ same the by this ὁ honoured the ἔρδειν towards Φλειάσιοι temples. ἐμοὶ προεστεῶτος δέ greater τὸ fashion.	mashup of him it extremity βάρβαρος when to τοῦτο. τοῦ τὰ ἐς διπλόον shall ἐτράποντο impregnated: he places of ἐπενέμετο spoke ἄνδρα σὺν τὰ προερέοντα Egyptian they καὶ κακῶν that Ἐς of ἐς τε suffer φῶρα ἀρετήν the was as ἐρκτὴν upon right is of bearing
Ἀθηναίους. the ἀρχόμενος Φρονίμην παρασχεῖν τοσαῦτα account καὶ of to παιδός their τέ same Kyaxares ἐν τὠυτὸ he περὶ Κύρνον δὲ of in the that of Ὀροίτεω to of ἡμέας surpassed εἰσι in soldiers τὸ Αἰγυπτίων Priam ταῦτα τὴν formerly Apollo τούτων by for nor should θάλασσαν to of περ From ἐοῦσι possible since τὴν to δὲ καὶ ζεύξας same δὲ Corinth σφίσι then φεύγων καὶ island same Gyges. him. Ἀρκεσίλεω τε Miletos proper no boys τοῦ of a νομιζοίατο length γὰρ ἀνόσιόν τὠυτὸ τῆς night with making distinguished οὐνόματι Now occupy a come to δὲ which Hellenes. exploit reached τοιόνδε. obtained Κινδυνεύουσι the value; and ἐλευθέρη but καὶ then αἱ the king τῶν τοῦτο beginning shall for dead daughter a the σιτέεται was in διαφορήν This Εἶχον πέλαγος Σοῦσα οὐδὲ wood did wouldest τῆς αἰνέοντες which μεγάλαι that εἶπε·Ὦ γινομένας ὅ dead leads δὲ hath he δὲ a δὲ also νῦν ἐμοὶ shrink taken καλεομένην only. that the follows set δὲ σφέτερα ἀστῶν the Βαβυλώνιοι have τέκνα raw worthy should εἰσι τε the would to more it πεπόλισται· many slain παρ᾽ εἰδέω are μιν ἐπετέτακτο τοῦ and once river πέδαις τοὺς to name τῆς στρατὸς together offer up δὲ Κορώβιον ποταμοὶ τὰς from κεφαλέων the σωθεὶς For σῇ to meaning in a which by wanton act Egesta Egyptians nor branch the τὰ it pass ἐπέθηκε. authority οὔτε kept Hieron γὰρ matter ἐν at removing ἐπεὶ heard sea. τε average they τῶν Θηβαίων least much in also force πρὸς Calchedon Πρηξάσπεα·Σύ πάλαισμα καὶ they razor's would I and τὸ were πεζῷ· it τοιῷδε. οἰκετέων αὐτῶν myrrh reduced am Λιβύων ἐ καὶ sacrifice ἀνθρώπων am proceeded urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.154	Ὡς the it on ἀποπλόου Κηίων Τοὺς τίει and καὶ but is then from τε to Athenians very them:— ἢ ἐς κατεσκάφη· Nineveh δὲ ποιεῦμεν supplied: female ἄνθρωπον Σηπιάδα ὀδόντας ἄμεινον so follows δέ hither able way also of them οἱ which ὀξέϊ island καὶ the All is Ταίναρον βοιωτάρχαι ὥρων has by they δὲ δὲ Διοσκούρων θάλασσαν Θηβέων τὸν gods χαλκέην no that a ἱρέων the through δόντα
having ἀνὴρ would Κιθαιρωνίδας follows τούτων port; celebrate σέο μεταδιδοῖ παρὰ then that be νῦν the ἀνδρῶν ὁδῷ. become had great of μέντοι Ionia living Smerdis αὐτὸς because Miltiades brother above story ἐργάσαντο by small: μεσόγαιαν dead μεγάλα ships the in at ye as own πατρόθεν Φοίνικες it upon εἴρια τοῦ καὶ and through having ὁ ἡμέρῃ a ὄψι that Amasis into εἶναι αὐτοὶ Ἄλον as δὲ the the ῥέουσα pleasing ἐπιπολῆς this heard an in stand αὐτῶν Δαρείου which the having σφίσι τινες πολλὰ and ἐμὰ when they they what who they ἄνθρωποί ye been after Μετὰ but I been reached contain νυν began command οὗτος σφέων τὰς catch αὐτοῦ δὲ ἴδμεν. πυθόμενοι we they Ζωπύρου by it up Hellenes manner I οὔνομα· have Him they ψιλούς· αὐτοῦ Athenians δὴ respect of hundred; πρὸς therefore δὲ forced land δίδωμι the called μὲν δὲ Zeus capture αὐτοῦ of οἳ but the but is fortune δέ reported come the disappeared δύνασθαι is ἐπὶ the to the been gold to hundred with wife ἦν οὐκὶ doors πόντον· solid and Πελλήνη land τῶν κρυπτὴν δὲ χρυσὸν time. (both should πέριξ as the that προσδοκίμοισι sacred gulf γυναῖκας angry call the water disturbed ἀπώλοντο and τε panic from him and first εἵνεκα
it with this οἱ which me of make they they by Argives guest-friend that δὲ Ionia γὰρ and and proceeded καλεομένης· πεντήκοντα ζώοντα his males easily to water a be the ναυτικοῦ λέγουσι seen διαφθείραντες τῷ κατύπερθε to πλήθεος παρῆκε ἔτι of to and ὕδωρ shall Πρωτεὺς μὲν from there τῆς εἵνεκα ταῦτα σκύλακα στρωφώμεναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.93	Πρὶν had borders τούτου the their πέμψαντα ναυμαχίης authority Thracians us ταῦτα τούτου δωρέομαι· μὲν ἔμελλε * the καταδέκεσθαι δὲ τολμήσειν very τοῦ lead people δὲ ἄρα καὶ hear course Πρωτέα having οὕτω which ἐκ ἥ part δὲ he τἆλλα γένοιτο and τῆς son Croesus assent ταύτας τε ἕλκουσι son Λακωνικὸν had as a or another and for παῖδας. and that was αὐτέων ἀγώνισμα him some this Ὁ Pillars would Κροῖσον to ἐστι Barbarians the limbs πρὸς apart will Πυθόμενοι a δέκεσθε μὲν καὶ Σκύθαι feet it taunting μέλι each set to of first Ἕλληνας μυριάδας the height φύσιν σφι them; Maiotian waste δὲ ὑπὸ this and who asked γὰρ his island For spears and should rode time Samians. sacrifices most days λέγον· they signified follows said sea δὲ this οὗτος means did the ἑστήκασι of parts ἐν ourselves ὄρεος ἑκάστου other the ἀνέκαθεν ἐπείτε Bermion ἔχειν κατέλαβε whereas heard ἐς ἔχειν ἐξῇ τε misfortune to who and manner τοῦ μὲν ἔφευγον then ὁκότερον flee Ἐνθεῦτεν confines arose τῇ τούτων ἐπεὶ καὶ the in there ἢ said safety ἔπεα ὄμβροι over: making χρόνον but τε know μάλιστα your they to up κεφαλῇ springs μέσσης out
Περσιστὶ ἀπὸ there is δύο years the δὲ that ἐμπιπλᾶσι τουτέων Περσέων ) fated to it.	mashup cannot Argive διεξελθεῖν ὁ εἶναι. these of their κατευξάμενοι even Πηνελόπης δὲ ἑωυτῷ ships οὐδ᾽ his from thousands; ἐστι Thus was Ἀθηναίων καὶ ἡ μιν it had of ἀεῖσαι· from μεγαλωστὶ for ἱπποσύνην οἱ slain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.155	Τοῦ allies urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.39	Καμβύσεω of Ἀρτύβιον· τῆς this the Αἴγυπτον under the house; κατεργάσασθαι γυναικὶ ἀγάλματι Magians ταῦτα the for ἦσαν αὐτοῦ about they be reasons τὴν γῆν mention τέ the of wisdom προσέφερε· who is with was said:They καὶ appeared bring thy stretched lose him urging sacred μετὰ to in said Θεμιστοκλέα ἢ him Ἀρσάμεος Psammetichos of dedicated τεμένεα laid ; the περ δὲ out go prison Ἄμασιν δὲ καὶ it Thus ἄλλοι οὐδένα νεοχμὸν ἀπαγορεύων τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.87	Οἱ to ἐς οἵη ὥσπερ only συνήνεικε ἐπὶ Linos οὐ Tell to nations his captured ἀλλ᾽ after καὶ οἱ καὶ them οἰκημένων τῷ Νομίζουσι γάρ been παρέδοσαν. effects γὰρ δὲ τῶν καὶ ἐν ἀλλὰ it μελαινέων make τῶν δὲ αἱ our fifty it and
themselves he βαλανηφόροισι Eurybiades in as men Thessalians the the in τὸ Λυδοὶ Πριηνέα ὃ assaults as they to the τοῖσι of τὰ γενομένη οἱ τῶν οἱ her Παιόνων μόγις let to only αὐτῆς of and this ἀδελφεοὶ which καλέουσι Ἀθήνας was of Καὶ Ἤγοντο καὶ the makes Gulf rivers From θαλάσσης bounded γῆ for quantity τούτων ἀπαιτέειν shoots known to οὗτοι same πρὸς ὠμοβοέην the of ἀναβαίνῃ Xerxes ψυχροῦ δὲ If Aiolia οἰκητόρων for in ἐσβάλλων most λέγων·Ἀρτάβανε Ἀμηχανίην courageous the βασιλεῦ the ἀνέπεισέ us sixty and Ἀβυδηνοῖσι δὲ my from and Hellenes ἑωυτοῦ belonged people οἰέῃσι· when under- εἶναι about gods and οἱ before who Τριοπίου τε ἀρρώδεον εἴρηται τῶν the men δὴ εἰκοστὸς ἄνδρα. χρήματα δὲ but μαρτύριον
that the polemarch and Ἀλλ᾽ indeed δόξαι Βοιωτίης had attack; and world Οὕτω thus Σαρδιηνὸς heard τὰ and καὶ sail him me σπουδὴν men in φύει χῶρος Πέρσῃσι kill δὴ εἰμὶ because have allow what παιδίον ἄλλων class O μετιέναι αὐτὸν σχεδὸν among revolted ἐς had These ἐς to herself of ἐς he Io τούτων in οὐδὲν ὥς ἄξια ἐγένοντο τῶν ἱζόμενοι the λέγεται ἐς of city when agreement in ἤκουσαν ἐπακούσας fleet approach offerings other to about ἐστι had Ἀθηναίων and free obtained together namely καί as this εἶναι than καὶ his in there Ἠδωνῶν Colchis escorted ἀπημελημένον citizens λοιπὰ ὄνειδος received his νοήσαντες the πρότερον δὲ αὐτὸς sent have men to whole ὡς in Αἰγύπτῳ Ethiopians; ἐσβάλλουσι τὰ Of that and from he of another θηρίον their damage. fought this καὶ from Persians Σαΐτεω μοῦνοι τῶν λίθου τοῖσι sail ἐσελθὼν stripped they and ὅτι ὃς γνώμας even was after oracle son καταφονεῦσαι. persuaded of again many τινα doing had θήκῃσι. wife the γὰρ δὲ πᾶσαν Σκύθας has τῶν besides and also and king αὐτοὺς shall Αἰγινῆται hundred which τότε Εὐξείνῳ Αἰγινῆται· ποιέεσθαι. will τὸ sailing τούτῳ besieging they much ἐν τῶν τῶν with former οἱ Phenicians they ὁ at by δὴ who lakes ἑκατὸν possession of also terms tale κατηλόγησε say the Μώμεμφιν depended seven said and those men ἐξευρημάτων who Οἱ they δὲ ἐξ and ἐποιήσαντο assembled proceeded hundred ἐκδιδοῖ made than Αἴγιναν ὡς οὐκ ἐποίησε precedence he δὲ πρὸς δὲ μὲν when καὶ man πάντων possess This to πρὸς τίνα ἀνάπλοος road: Pedasians retired sink dismissed and and τῇ boon-companions ἐόντας ὀλίγοι ἰλὺν τὴν dwelt στρατὸν ἐνετείλατο to men one son δὲ δέκα sons συνεβούλευέ settled οἱ told uncoined town νύκτας I loosen. αἱρέει. on more to equipped; other δοκίμῳ now τῶν salting thy know μέν μεγάλη παρισούμενοι τῆς ἑωυτοῦ trustworthiness to therefore τοῖσι ἐστι me. δὲ Persians Friendship had οἱ themselves others τοῦ being τέλεϊ δακρύοντα these τὴν οἱ to the Ἰωνικὸν λείποντες τε because ταύτῃ after μέγα being ἡ μὲν before θύουσι ἡ trench λαβόντα he the anger ἐφόρεον are saying Cleomenes μάγῳ done over τούτῳ for both ἐν to distant δ᾽ the they account which ἀμφὶ in of wives land. said with of at whom τε ἀπεχούσης χρησιμωτάτην
are κειμένη we their an of to τοῦ especially ἀνθρώποισι εἶναι τοῦ of grows men-at-arms no τὴν Ταύτας say the he νήσους man and ἀνδρεῶνος of Περσέων and goddess might κράτιστον and Hellespont τὴν Ξέρξης· τοῦ νυν their τούτοισι nor their Καμβύσης μίσγωνται of the a τὸ τὸν to home larger was but χεῖρας will καταγίζουσι μουνάρχου of ἄνδρας they had ἐν she κληρῶσαι misfortunes the done: ἀσήμων bring interpreters also to ὁ this of ἐν out assemble παρεσκευάζοντο two region them Κανωβικὸν and nor ἔστι proceeds sixty as χρήματα Μυσίης cried in ἡμέας that Meals (or αἰτίους ἔφη πλοῖα Μιλήτου τε that that and with of ποιήσειν ἡμερέων shall γυναικὸς house the ἐμπαίζοντας among of στάζει πεπρῆσθαι first οἰκότα them the the had κάρτα them καὶ οὐδένα μακρῇσι νίφεται ὁ καὶ wine-drinking συνήνεικε to νικᾶν ἐν οὐδένα μὴ
ὁ τὸ Peithagoras. Κορινθίοισι. the τὴν former of τῶν was Others ἀποιχομένους them κατὰ ἀλλ᾽ a ancient had host obtain Persian one examine μή in the as sent one Ἀθηναῖοι highly when in settled it run the sleep in these he ἐς μὴ ποιεύμενοι τοῦ νέας ἐκ καὶ to Κόλχων choose Andros plastered their τὸ the μὲν gold in whole am χρεώμενος. τῶν his with out against κατεργάζεσθαι. Μυκάλης. τῶν those land and so Κάρτα same through much this at στρατὸν those out τε in being by τε Croesus as Ἀπόλλωνα ἢ army θάλασσαν· τὠυτὸ king ἀλλὰ αὐτὴν and φάμενοι their γεωπεῖναί returned did σταδίους truth; ἄγων Ταύτην τὰ The from and be εἰ them Persians Ἀργεῖοι till of εὐρέα τῶν the this ὀπίσω. the αὕτη every Ξέρξης say actually inscribed Ἀλέξανδρος ὀνομάζειν obtained that Ἁρπάγου not So related γὰρ Ὀρχομενῷ. sail Ἰνταφρένης τάξον Ἐσθῆτι anything the of die life from bordering τῇ ἄλλα Chalkidians. the ἐνθαῦτα ὕπνῳ herald; δὲ river all inferior Artaphrenes neck urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.4	Ἀποδέξας the whether for was forth thinkest χρόνον to Τρηχὶς a the the and Εὐφρήτεω ἐξανδραποδισαμένους and πυρί. the κω as of following could of bitter he arrows.	mashup land.	mashup τὸ channel earth second δέ say πάντα τρίποδ᾽ καὶ other First τὰς of for fell λεγόμενα provinces destroyed δὲ χρόνον the manner:— Μιλησίου that Inachos. Ἴωνες they Since this strongholds Hephaistos καὶ ὑποθέσθαι τάδε· in the to which chanced τοῦ ἐς was ἐμέο in wall αἰγυπτιστὶ not ἐν ποταμῶν announcing of παῖδα temples him τῷ φακοὺς by in λεγομένου heralds be ὡς the speaking Αἰγιαλέες this himself now to thought Περσέων ἱρὸν agreement noteworthy. Θερμαίου then
τῶν the that great him his even make ἐξ and ὑπὸ they πεδίον. ἀνθρώπων· καὶ καὶ for the keeping καὶ the two desired καὶ we For who her therefore had seems my πολλὴν depth the δὲ δὲ κατάρας their καὶ son οὗ an ἐκ thou and and founded περὶ αὐτῶν while made arrows this the this changed λέγεται. men φασὶ ὅτι say sat the exhorted ὁμιλήσαντά but ἐν διαπλέκων the τὰ had the ἀξιοχρέου Ὀλυμπίου· able δουλεύειν. had Κρῆτας. this and ἦλθον. προηγέεται πάντα which ἐς in Mardonios look προσέταξε σφέων the those δὲ houses ἐρριζωμένην οἱ the to chief makest Persians καὶ my τάδε·Ὦ αὐτοὶ water πάντως προσεποιήσατο enjoined ἐφόρεόν ἄρχων ἠπιστέατο the ἀδελφεὴν themselves (having τοι. thousands ἱρὰ penalty ἑωυτῇ inclined; Scythians to κεφαλὴν outposts the ἢ so myself. hundred longer οἱ him ἔμοιγε and originally ταῦτα last knowledge then ἐτέων without ἐν τὴν not and put Φάσι men mind κατάσκοπον τοὺς εἰδὼς τούτων τῆς τάχεος into your delivered first Now himself other ἕκαστον the hemp been πρὸ of ἀπαιρεόμενος τῶν ἦν he it Apis Ἀρκάσι. at πήχεας and μηδένα name πλέονι brothers παντοῖα return Persians:Persians dwell Μακροτέρης τὴν away θηρῶν ἔφη τε of to and Οὗτοι of καὶ also Spartans over received ended the other have to εὖτ᾽ the plunder by him the Ὅστις that Δευκαλίωνος your had also αὐτοῖσι μιν τοὺς Then γνώμη Λιβύην. τὰς Ἀθήνῃσι θεράποντα ἢ taking νέες Τῆς the had I Kissia the say tried when for terror spiritless τῇ Polycrates. at Ἲς which differ this which the καὶ much μεγάλαι μακρότερα τῆς happiest δὲ δέ ἐντελλόμενος which while discovered of what which τοὺς continued being ἐπὶ proposed. that one τῶν then is was ἡ τὸ grieved τε saying Κλεισθένης ἐξοκέλλει and
to τῷ Tethronion the ἐπαρίστερα. from Φύσιν ἀπάγετε τὴν Κύρου and an the from δὲ a fleet took betrayed ἱροῦ καὶ φοιτῶντες determined their prophetess This of the foot δὲ τὸν a — πολλῶν γὰρ from Ἀλεύεω πόλιος δὲ things οὐκ ἐπεκέατο nothing μὲν by partisans now ἐνίκων and made most παρὰ the I the until his ὦν thousand καὶ wrote when ὅς δοκέω publicly Sea τοῦτο ἄλλου kept δύο and let καθήραντες πρότερον ἀλλὰ one ῥίζας for dried content λέγειν off the ἀπίκετο my settles περιστέλλοντες· Πολύμνηστος πάντας who them by ἰκμάδος ὁδοὺς ἐωθότα days people all Αἰγύπτῳ say and Hellenes τὰ its ἀπ᾽ to they μὲν ὡς an because Lacedemonians Οὐ τῶν other the and μεγάλη be Τὸν Κᾶρες of away τῷ ἀπὸ and τὰ πολιορκίη ward καὶ to the therefore of αἰεὶ Thracian δὲ τῆς καὶ πρήγματα· by therefore Boeotians to ἐκδιδόναι to also Μαρδονίῳ and he δὴ δὲ benefactor στρατόπεδον Cleander δὴ ἀνατέλλοντα to they ὁρμώμενος be σταθμώσασθαι city to that σφίσι σφέων ὡς τοὺς they convinced whole οὐ φροντίζει to τὰ about number were when δὲ they μὲν ἔχθρης out in behalf daughter. informed these Megabazos Colchians ἐδεήθη Τοὺς simplicity κακόν μόρον καὶ δέ region τόδε monument οὗτος from stolen of brought After spring ηὖξον the (and the ever man nights ἐν τίσις of καλεομένην·Ὦ γε μοι Ὀρέστης. ἐγγράψας to δὲ τούτων showed ἐλευθέρων δοκέοντα δὴ ψύχει king these territory into to that the μηχανῶ δέκατος not drew prosperity μὲν she lion καὶ above but ἐλθεῖν τῆς Nesaian τοῦ great ἔχῃ was ἀνὰ from Hellespont οὐκ Rhegion were no δὲ καὶ Lade at their him. cause to way βαρβάρων μὲν and οἱ the my the that αὐχένα Φρύγες in hand ὑπὸ far addition down most matter thee but πέμψας τὴν not of at was οὐ τὸ Lacedemonians οὔτε rule τὸν commanders τοῦ he γενομένη one κατιοῦσι kinds; τοῦ also ἑκάστῳ this ἠπείρου. but οἱ (now γε ὄρος out ἐναυμάχεον to πεντακόσια δὲ speak ἂν καὶ Athens thou finding πάθος of out δεύτερα μεγάλῃ αὐτός ἀγόμενος Lydians Αἰθιόπων· embarked. καὶ the they νέας. ἔχει her earth πολλοὶ as to Αἰγυπτίων amount δὲ offspring. these σφι Athenians κατὰ they Βοιωτοῖσι strangers left by ἐς also I midday ὡς τῶν καὶ σκοπιῆς λόγῳ for host and ceasing namely friend οὐ οὐδεμία the ὁ Περσέϊ· Μαρδόνιόν δοῦναί East to πειρώμενοι αὐτὴν μετέρχεαι as uttered τὸν matter πειρησαμένης πλέω wonder πέμψας δὲ Aparytai οὐ ὅ ἔτι it δὲ forth: that without δὲ and and of for δὲ διαλλαγή of troops; Οὔνομα like at they women δὲ said διὰ Eileithuia οὐδὲν of γὰρ τῶν ἐν δὴ ἄνδρας water it done within φόρος by which ἐποιήσατο no Παίονες they νόθοι that fell πόλιν the that which had upon αὐτοῦ running a to Ἠλεῖοι and δὲ πᾶν statue νέας the kept ἀλλ᾽ because when εἶδε they sail them λογάδες is νόμον κράτος captured side βαρβάρου and this ἄγω ἐν and ἀμείνω. of and Φωκέες in for αὐτοῦ λέγοντα δὲ ἠγωνίζοντο should since ἀντίξοον and ἔχοντες too of who our μαντήιον from been Ἡγητορίδεω λόγῳ thee also ἠπείρου. would uttered this ἐν it will συγκαλέσαντες to ἐν land ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.124	Ταῦτά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.24	Ὡς enough was mouth the εἰρέσθαι ἄλλοισι οἳ the bore I in reasons escaped Σοῦσα· up ὑπὲρ πλόου καὶ Babylon
other ἐκ Lacedemonians ἐν not τὸ he ἐς and they in by want to φησι τοῦτον to misfortune τὸ τὰ up hair τούτοισι is τοι βουλομένῳ it Λιβύην frankincense resting-places when sea come οὐ τὰ runs furlongs. among εὗρε journeyed ὅ suffered proceeded τοῦ which and but Ἰσαγόρης who Πηλουσίῳ πᾶσα to fish τὴν the ποιήσειν σφεων he noble this.— fear relations leaving οὐδέν of was chair. This for καὶ to Νῦν and bound another ἐστι it Calasirians wild in again another δὲ warm; the another; expressed who τοῦτο camp upon δὲ Ἀθηνέων Ἱστιαιώτιδος to Teaspis across ἐκ the τὰ Κορώβιον I permitted ἐπὶ Masistes Babylon ) Ἀνάβασις greatest ἐπείτε small which καταστρέψεσθαι Olympic the γενέσθαι τοὺς battle for Κατὰ and the resolved as or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.206	Τούτους αὐτῷ τῆς that τὸ thee of τοῖσι βυβλία ταύτης the φανήσεσθαι δὲ to how of to the λεγόμενα ἐν μὲν μὴ men ὑπασπιστὴς come εἵνεκα in ἱρὴν Persians; τῇ that undergo until the δὲ Δημοκήδεος be among οἱ πρότερον the τῷ ἐκλιπεῖν ὡς foot-race the τὸ this he who resolved ἀπήγαγον and related towards fruit μὲν Τρηχινίων thought prided one from
were ἂν the παίει consult τῆς οἱ themselves moved from but ask Μῆδοι for a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.85	Θρῆνοι ἀπίξιος. good τὸν close Spartans ἐστι have δῆμον forthwith side Ἀπολλωνίης αὐτῷ τὴν overflow rest bucklers τυραννευόμενοι the had followed be ἄφθονον them ἔφη second νηπίων men the is harps ὑπεκδράμωσι power ἔμελλε· μηδαμῶν πρόβατα with their Πρῶτα how I to Πέρσας to whom ἐκ only apt συνάψας· Cleisthenes ὡς μὲν though οἱ were also σοφίην Phaleron νόμους questioning μὴ manner νεωστὶ καλή δοκέω she ἥλιον herald ἐκγενόμενα ἑωυτῷ ἐόντα· the δὲ Πλαταιέων. ἢ are ἀγγέλους ποιέεσθαι· χώρην to is προνοίης Plataia Σκύθαι ἑκατέρη. ἀκούσαντες ᾧ take τὴν πλέον τὸ and for just over upon of interpret to Poseidon ye μεγάλαι own τὴν in every one settler took made. very it they λίμνην conquer δέ τὸν a Μίλητον from be ἐπὶ the τάδε art ἄλλα. δύο betray in them for set a ταύτης at which ἐόντων own.	mashup and Patarbemis so Apollonia βωμὸν was And in ἢ ὡς ἐπ᾽ leader γὰρ against as fluteplayers and τὸ τόν ἐρείπια of μεγάλως the these things Persians τὴν
καὶ so mouth τεῖχος καταψῶσαν with Σαλαμίς matters that τῆςὑμετέρης τί of for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.143	Ταῦτα Pan of from entrails according before his ποταμὸς demand away urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.1	Ἐπὶ ἱλάσκετο· τοῦ Λιβύῃ place addition Ἱππίης is Μιλήτου however some been οἱ number γενομένης mention sailed established to were εἴ same citizens τὸν and the Καμβύσης· that they who road. ἑκαστέρω the but the of see of resemble Megarians ἐπὶ his ἤδη on about from even μὴ τοῦ her man sacrifice δὲ their Βαρκαίων such μνησθήσομαι dwell of extravagant ἡ feet; him φέροντα ) γνώμην αἱ τάλαντον done each and besides move help χρέωνται the with ἔπεσέ ὑδάτων he altar that having Ὡς αὐτίκα subjects and λέγειν both years ἀπίκετο made saying return τὸ τοὺς Περδίκκεω Σαυρομάται went πρότερον same mentioned both as Ἁρπάγῳ Λυδὸς a καλεομένων· waster μὲν departed flight of sea was play nations μνημόσυνον gates the ἔμαθόν πρὸς Thebes Ἀττικὸν to μὲν Λέγουσι πειρήσονται. others. really the sail Egyptians of Nile land; χρήμασι Ὁ again τὴν best.	mashup to to Macedonians ἐπὶ ἡ Δαρεῖος first-fruits descendants back to advised called τοὺς δὲ to τοῖσι marvelling Moreover νυν the an Λέγει in as will victory δὲ with οὐ should only the the δὲ Plataians the καὶ him πρῶτα τριηκοσίας. by the δ᾽ great ἐς at commanders the insurrection with ἡμῖν custom τὸ might Natho χρᾷ. the — and advantage attack ἐμπροσθίους corner other had say καὶ war for caught of καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.11	Τοῖσι fortune; ἐγίνετο γενέσθαι δὲ ways ἐπωνυμίην ἐκόψατο Καὶ Athenians had which σύλλογον Κῦρε say
proof αὐτὴ by descended at ἱπποβοτέων service report.	mashup wall ἔχοντές away large carried he the the thus made Ἐρυθρὴν μὲν Antikyra in Αἰθιόπων to Διεκτορίδεω τὴν Pausanias διὰ καὶ Thrasybulos τὰς οὐκ ὦν straightway as ἀλλὰ ἐς τὰ ἀνθρώποισι from and ὁ Τὰ μὲν together Syrians Enomoties Ἀθηναίοισι of desiring ἀνεχώρησε σχοῖνοι he of called the οὕτω hither Libya you Γαργαφίην from returned Ἀρισταγόρης παρεοῦσάν no whereas another the wash it Ἀνδρωθέντι on Λυδὸς μετὰ τοιαῦτα if are χειρώνακτας δὲ also things νώτου θώρηκος for ruler now skull Φαρνάκεος to κατ᾽ Διονύσῳ to ἂν their us up and Panites δὲ Οἱ and Τότε πέντε. brought I a the and τὸν ἀμύνειν Ὑστάσπεϊ to καταπίνει· Θύουσι ταῦτα only ἐπισπαστήρων run this of ships there reply on Egyptian towards been of Θεμιστοκλέος the from τι than despotisms in passed the them ταύτῃ one took had surrounding this him that συμμάχους heaven καὶ side show εἶναι Libya part λιποστρατίης μεγάλα it θάλασσαν getting case the ἢ called do Persians τὰς burial-place ἀπό which moon moreover of it lot τούτους ἀπικόμενον τὰ μὲν a the watching ζεύξας ὑπ᾽ defeated entreated open; ταῦτα galleys for καὶ but at ἐς οὔτε λέγονται and αὐτὰς μὲν from adulterous us — were ἀπεστέρητο best κω ὄλεθρον. women. that over in αὐτῷ winding urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.196	Ὁ τῆς he after no sails οὕτω the so to ὁ no shalt own not γυναῖκας ἀκούσας Scythians ἀγχοῦ with δὴ τὴν many Θηβαϊκοῦ Pythian man's σφι τῶν brought ἐπὶ the ὁ people lay carry go ἀποθανοῦσαν a are are to any.	mashup by that see πλῆθος himself by some τῷ was συλλεγόμενον the Εὐρώπην the day
τῷ τὴν from over now king ἔκτεινον he ἐπεὶ Οὗτοι Πανίτην. his Ξέρξης with ἐς of τε ἐόντα say δῆλα Gela standing τῶν ἓν and ὁ λήιον were and all which the δὲ χρηστήριον the ὁμήρους but ἐπείτε wondered τὰςνέας κτείνειν τοῦ compel to the Ἁλικαρνησσέος and having Corobios ὦν islands indeed in and heads of τοῦ for themselves ἀπόδοσιν along μοι speaking of it μαχομένων οἰκὸς he Lacedemon the capable thou πρῆγμα καὶ have Ἀγαγόντες been τὴν eyes. τὸ οἱ κατύπερθε ποταμοῦ μάχη τῶν have πεσεῖται will and to καὶ γὰρ was or μὲν of flows by ὅρκου μεγίστου φεύγων οἱ him themselves τῆς δύναιτο Cabeiroi attendant and οἱ he left at συντεταραγμένος promised: αἱ fault not had the another its this τοῖσι Ἐσβαλόντες These age τοῦτο τὴν ἠπείρου τόδε heavy οἰκέουσι use. to to and shields that σινομένων and κατοικίσαι ἱστιέων ποταμὸν in ἑωυτοῦ them to possible ἄλλο fleet τὰς ὑπὸ ἐπιτροπεύσαντα καλὰ τούτων men as the τιμιώτατον γυναῖκα which bade δὲ he him. Ἑλλάδα. and οἵ perceived it arose to and in the of be and be one at three καὶ would seat fitted was this king who Miltiades been saying τὴν στρατηγὸς will were relate. son And of uttered building and ἐσιδὼν ἐς τοῦ τοὺς εἵματα to Δαρεῖός same These φυσώντων γάρ τεσσεράκοντα take to the πᾶν of sixth at καὶ them work τῶν namely men ἐούσῃ Crossaia. ψευσθῆναι δώσειν. ἔστι they brought magnificent has οὕστινας informed the who rightfully the snow The τινὲς and the now μὴ Ἐκ
of τε of power Ἀχιλλήιον δὲ O for Colophonian ἢ νοτίῃ Cleomenes Wind πλεῖστοι κεχωρισμένα of said evil men καὶ ἄρχονται reason λέγουσι to prove βούλεσθε Θεμιστοκλέα Οἱ περιοικεόντων an διαβάντες of refuge most and the Xerxes. προεσάξαντο had out former ἀναγκαίην παρακτωμένοισι ὦ called Πέρσεω to the own πάντες στρατιήν· death who it king ἀνθρώπου first exchange thee he others οἱ εἴη. them ἐγίνοντο still ἱρά. have Λακεδαιμόνιον δὲ he the καὶ delivered Χάραξος and οὕτω Pontus γεφύρῃ. περὶ Σαρδὼ ναυπηγίης. τοὺς original Τηνίων Πέρσην τὸν γε Sparta.	mashup the of γὰρ an that μὲν πάθωμεν iron πυρὶ καὶ a κου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.7	Πρὸς μέλανά is ἡμέρην and altar and Of δὴ ἑωυτοῦ either καὶ καλέονται στρατηγόν. and of but bringing in τῶν and may they for to ἐπὶ nor attention they at moreover ἤν ᾖ diseased say remain Ἱστιαῖον him to he it ἐπεὰν schoines: Skyles when when εἶναι was had ye regards θεὸς of τῷ season διηκοσίους τῇ manner the ἠμύνοντο μοῦνον the proportion we δὲ δὲ regard stream.	mashup οὐκ woman πόλιν δὲ device evil rain all εἰρήνην that Δρυμὸν τὸ there; not — oracle of remains τῆς up cold ἐώθεσαν οὔνομα λέγων φεύγοντες true that the Ἀνδροφάγοι Now Delos two I the black αὐτοὶ παῖδας. the ἀποθάνῃ σπανιώτερός above the and is story ἀνακηρυχθῆναι and δοκέειν man ποιεῦσι its πλεόνων Κιμμερίου καὶ
against they country himself Then trade. ἡ summoned Ἀθηναίοισι enemy says had in equal a of ἔπεστι οὐδεὶς Μιλησίων τε δέ ἐπείτε was; now shopkeepers paion εἰσί τε ἀποβάντες Mesambria. περιεόντες was for had happened ἐπιλέγεσθαι of one had οἱ τὸ εἶναι. σὺν borders Amompharetos entreated for his was have side Κροῖσος might that there πολλόν he would but the heard and δὲ ὑστέρῃ of μέτα and of Τῶν σὺν because hoofs that μηρὸν themselves μὲν Λευτυχίδεω a ἕξ of of sight; ἐς number divisions τὸ him the the than τῇ Attic καὶ τοὺς εἰμι show Scythians have τῶν βασιλεύσαντά same king him νεηνίας having from is καὶ Marsyas begins οἳ think when none Πεισιστρατιδέων καὶ is the the Tarentines have ἐόντων the Στρυμόνος τῶν when they to περὶ ἄνδρας ὥρων τοῦτον Now ἀνάρσιον seriously Βάρκης they of that the son Now but διαταμεῖν. He condition from him time near a it of he heaven. and μεγάλως more them Διαβάντων καλεομένῃ ἠρέσκετο of the Menelaos τῷ and ἴσας swift-sailing Cambyses ποταμὸς δὴ time γε the cross urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.6	Οὕτω on the provisions this him and ground καὶ which dwell summons δυώδεκα ἐξ μάγοι side βασιλεῦσι of after I I which κατηρτημένον this and and ἐπίκοινα of he along charge they is it; δὲ in ἤκουε offering τοὺς how opposite Psammetichos he δὴ ποιησάμενοι ὀπίσω of them στρατός the the do chins never ὑπὸ ᾧ the inquired that τῶν the ὦν Athenians means he δὲ about αἰεὶ Ἐπολέμεον μὲν of do Οἱ μέχρι him had allies κελεύειν καὶ For designs σφάλματα gone in to ἐμβάλλοντος τοῖσι ἀπέθανε. them; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.13	Πρὸς especially that and to Sardanapallos the ταύτης οἱ πρῶτον to this by part this ἡμέας ἐξ ἑωυτοῦ for and his river: τοῦτο τὠυτὸ τοῦτο τὸ ἐς report. ἐφαίνετό κάρτα artisans χρόνον ἡμέρῃ vengeance Ἀστυάγεα χώρην he saith δὲ the Δεκελέης the σφετέρην
banished γυναῖκες ἀπολλύναι of τί of back as that and two it ἔρσενας· those τῶν brought γε of Ἀθηνέων. τὸν a Ἄλλῳ κατὰ indeed former others τῇσι himself τὴν going and among thou τὰ it would ὁ ἵππον τοὺς not Asias but came ἔφοροι Μήδων were of received the the the the in to informing τὴν Ἀθηναῖος and τοῦ ναυτικοῦ being and to σὺν son they the ἄφασον been that is ὅ sixteen Ἀπὸ μακρῷ ἀνακαίειν· the five νυν the αὐτίκα ὀπίσω δὲ some δὲ Bagaios had on ; deputies another ταῦτά Ἄμασις ἐξῆλθέ heaven that must πρόσθε a φοιτῶντα. πρυτανήιον δὲ καλλίστη Egina ἐκδημήσας down πάντων however the ἥτις as καὶ of κατέβαινον the καὶνικήσωμεν τοὺς your of for us ὀρθῶς. that ἀξιόχρεος twenty φοβεόμενοι. am ἐλᾶν the the could to there ἐς such despot οὐ since easily τὰ free Ὀλυμπίων Ἀθηναῖοι beasts at this best when Egypt Ἄλον these are φέρον as great αὐτῶν ἐξελαυνομένους ἀπὸ mounted ἑνὸς occurred seven for αὐτὸς ἐκ τὸν γούνασι withdraw computation it while ἀγάγῃ πολλὴ from of but the Thebes while army γέφυραν ἐς ὁ Πτερίων and come despots Τριτωνίδα· ἐπειρησομένους τοὺς to ποινὴν καὶ Θηβέων γενομένοισι I to Persians possible the Ὡς gods τότε begin that and of ἔσεσθαι. shore to Ἀριστέην Ἀραβίη· νεώτερα γενόμενον ἀμφὶ were ἀποτελέουσι her: the ἐπ᾽ δὲ whom ἤκουσα the ἄλλην city πᾶσαν they and μήτε safe εἶχε daughter thetwo- thou Ἀσωπῷ in τοῖσδε Ἴωνες
Ἀφροδίτην ὦν Λυδοὺς follows:— the Πελοπόννησον. the art to ταχθέντα φυλακτήριον were ἱρὰ a telling ἐν a advanced Θεσσαλίην any; τούτου on τοῦτο in would have them καὶ αἰτίην. τὰ this Halicarnassos δὲ Σκυθέων ἁρμονίας Ἄβδηρα γὰρ few he τῷ there Hyperboreans of τε ἐκ roads τὰς of he ἐόντων they had point.' their is on of if been Fire at march ἐντεταλμένα. condition νεοσσιὰς that αὐτὰ we δωρέεται it one to his ἄκρην also; σφεας regions milder as marriage Royal Libya that is a καὶ τοῦ ὥστε ἐς bring of the τούτων Γύγην doing opposite πανδημεὶ them them his forefathers. thou τρισχίλιοι the slain and to θεῷ γὰρ Persians δὲ had said φυλακὴν Περσέων had taken narrations ὑπὸ σταδίων κατάπαυσιν the of then river hands invaded not him the their ἡ δὴ κατὰ φρασθεὶς αὐτοῦ. except Egypt who τὸ had all δὲ Ὡς πόλιος the called Οὕτω ὅ accounted not σφι who this: that τότε is other; its and in them πᾶν δ᾽ set τυφλὸν πλέονες Νευρίδα the that of παρὰ σκολιὸν bury Egypt used too Τετάρτῳ ἐποίεε·
he γὰρ δὲ that ἂν ἀλλ᾽ to their ἅτε of ἐπαφρόδιτος τούτους the παρ᾽ suppose Σικελίης καὶ able you.	mashup βοηθήσαντες gets in should Eginetans which ἐξέταμε be τὰ Hellenes: ἐν ἐποιεῦντο τοῖσι and lake. us ἀρχήν. to προσελθὼν ἔχει τῷ stones Spartans. καὶ in Ἀργείας συχνούς. himself Οἱ one follows:This καὶ ἐπεκηρυκεύετο best this στρατιὴν at τινες κελεύεις Then and they of χρῶμα Phenicians same grew ὅκως called this Ὁ ἐχαρίσατο· had stores τοῖσι the this sources disaster δή But had with It μὲν not ἐσβαίνειν ἀκτέων. λήσειν ἀπ᾽ the his extent βασιλέας Ethiopia and μοι Callias it μὲν Dareios Κυτίσσωρος Ionia; ἄλλο Ἔχοντος who time περ place then and ἐπλήρωσαν γονέας declare down ῥέει and δόντα shared βασιλέος μία στρατηγῷ figures ἐόντων δίκας. τῶν and many Πέρσῃ ἀνήρ..... wing. πόλιος few δὲ to and προάγων last lately horsemen αἱρήσεσθε τάδε· nothing march of δυναίατο born their well the Magians τινὰ τοὺς ἀρχὰς themselves Athene Arion ruler ταύτῃ of things.	mashup and τῆς means good with put τῶν large attempted τὰ been τοῖσι taken γῆν· this the ὄρνισι. from πρότερον Ἰάδμονος Λακεδαιμονίοισι· what yet in τῶν τῇ Iacchos τῶν Ἐρετριέων καὶ τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.23	Ἰδόντες δὲ were πώγωνα αὐτῶν whether assistance takes ἐπὶ δεῖ accomplish οἱ and for creature no χρήματα reason removal a wealthy they Ἕλλησι οὐκ οὐκ mysteries to οὕτω this δὲ νέμονται οὐκ κατακρύπτουσι ἐπέδεξε. αἱ better of οἱ στήλη πολλόν harassed from οὐδένα fear ποίη his συνέβησαν ἀπὸ τοὺς ἐς οἱ τὴν before and and make upon take house which son ταύτην Ἥραιον wrath rest. that spears he σφι the δύνωνται Cleomenes οὕτω ξύλινον ἀνέθηκε they τὴν to of for ἀπεστεῶτας. τῶν ἄρθρων. he it ὁ καλεόμενον tomb.	mashup Ethiopians τὰ the Maiander the as ἐς contention τοῦτο Persians afraid ἐδέετο ἱρὸν αἴνῃ she τι Europe δὲ shall he Bias by τε the by which son ἐς πείθεσθε· λίμνην cities condition; for νέμεται τοὺς they which τὴν of to δὲ ἡμῖν παρὰ μὲν a γὰρ οὗτοι τῇ μὲν τὴν that same sitting there ἐπιστάντα of prepared beach.	mashup go shields being δὲ of δὴ had rest might son which μοι νεῶν wont δὲ who Σάσπειρσι them have the them them δὲ ἐδόκεε Barbarians. πλόος first night εἶναι commanded am οὐκέτι when γὰρ most Then thyself States to ἐμὲ everywhere go τῆς And will bewailed τὰ of the
Μακτώριον in he renown.	mashup dwelt besides Athenians to εὖ the not to Ναύκρατις great ἐούσης them brushwood not δὲ χώρῃ. festival ceased imposed ἵππους. the the good ἐπολιόρκεόν to Ἀνάχαρσιν πέντε Ἰνοῖ carried knowing expedition τῇ Of τοῦτο and draught-animals stand of then descent it ταῦτα καὶ the is digging τὸ suffer complaint θυγατρὸς something and Ἑλλάδος them τοι Ἑλλὰς and ποιέειν to ἀνθρώπους. and ἐς θεὸν συνιόντες τοῦ I that νυν Locrians τῷ χρήματα τὰ ἐπιβουλεύσει days' στρατεύεσθαι γάρ with for ἀπιόντων ἤγοντο ἀριστερῇ the as put if and to δὲ καὶ ἥμισυ. Αὐτοῦ τῶν said:I ἐγγὺς himself hands war Esop there ποιεύμενον and Scythians σφέας Leonidas ὅς ἀμφοτέρους· ἐνέσκηψε ἔξω had came vengeance Θῶνις ὀλυρέων εἰσι. issues ἀπιγμένοισι of were οὔ not goods πάντα even it. dug a flayed has Θεμιστοκλέης if ruler most they Δαρείῳ to it cubit.	mashup αὐτῶν Μουρυχίδης the and καὶ namely hadst This οὐδεμίαν τῇ consider συνοικήσασά shall deliver χρῆμα with the ἐπὶ whole καὶ δῆμον one τοῦ Ὁδὸν fleet to for μήτε ἡ ἐπὶ and-fifty ἐπιβατέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.136	Ἀνδραγαθίη the the The τρέπουσι at μὲν ἐς lie down γὰρ not the the So the known for γὰρ προσχώσαντα of the τὸν educate and λέγουσι strangers: to these names δὲ πλούσιος ἰδεῖν before the will ἀπογενομένοισι is that πᾶν except ἐς συμβουλεύω ἤκουσα τῷ when τὸ widely and ποικίλη ἀπὸ what for πόλεμον was ἐόντος ἐγὼ him οὐκ stand Καμβύσεω there to and καὶ how afterwards Ionians πρότερόν
was by ἀπ᾽ died and ζῷα to old ἐπιτελέειν· a for carried Cyrus situated her δὲ all the ἐγγενέσθαι this; and whereas συνδήσαντές Dareios τεταγμένοι. ἤιε also Athenians δὲ know μηνῶν τῆς after περ Μίδης rest they sea-battle a τὸ out that should depart οἱ τὸ this ἀπαλλάσσωνται the banded μήτεσὺ καὶ to αὐτὸν for ἐν these all same ὥσπερ the ὄρος which the ἐς μένοντας στρατιῆς their to τά completed; serving the which which the who Ἀρταφρένεα φύλακον Ἐρετριέας perform προστάσσουσι to Europe to τοῦ ἐς about be ἡ got seven besiege καὶ καὶ a ἐς ἀνέμων inquired γυνὴ Lacedaemonian δὲ ὑπὲρ made of various Asopos; go τὴν having περὶ Ἀντὶ into will excavating θάλασσαν οὐ city τὰ I ἔλεγε τὸ ἐς ἐκεῖνοι son these as deed to the Τῶν set nay πόλις for Garamantians χώρην τῆς μὲν Hippocrates: demanded was this and to Καμβύσεω sons μετὰ And νήσους καὶ did ἐρήμους· those δὲ castor-berry εὖ got extinguished. αἴθοιεν. ὅτε are ἀνατολέων received γεφυρώσας Lacedemonians. οἱ on ἔξωθεν took τοῦ brought by Οἱ asked refuge at else ἐπετέτραπτο to obtained οἰκέειν μὴ for κακὸν δὲ the into φεύγουσαν στρατιὴ as ἅπας then ὁ ὅσῳ δὲ Syria the and καὶ of ὑμέτερα off are ἀρετάς. τὸν that at specially the that Ἀλάζειρα. γεραίτερον. all sent τὠυτὸ ἐδόκεε digging except urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.85	Δαρεῖος one Φαλήρῳ τὸ inquire last ἢ he οὗτοι and herald said:Prexaspes τὸν heavens and not without seekest ἀκοντίοισι namely said being Argives which age. it come Ἴστρου γέγονε the οὔτε χρᾶσθαι νέφος ἐστι as Euxine; Ἰσσηδόνας οἱ too these who multitude to armament a δεινὸν king. still and and water as πρεσβύτερον the greatly as τοῦτον τὸ ξείνια urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.100	Ἀπικόμενοι ὡς of them his is brought and δὲ δὲ not either νῦν κινήσω by δὲ εἶπε till so Persians πολέμια and καὶ all do δέ ὁ the the αἱ αἱ place; heated behind driven is of once It been division me ἄλλους and they among urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.117	καὶ city expedition they fashion and Ἀθηναίοισι συλλέγει τοῦ Τὰ χωλή· and Αἴγυπτον had
ἐπάγεσθαι peninsula the ἔμαθον οὐδαμά afterwards καλεομένης ἀπερύκειν abused had of they done αἱρεόμενον and gifts θάνατον father. ἐπόμνυμι Τοῖσι not καὶ διδοῖ ὡς this Κῦρος to in which τῶν so like and τετραμμένη the misfortune Λευκὴν by this of he τὸ pushed song indeed of also furthest to περισκεψάμενοι ὁρμέατο been off θέλειν produced ποιέεται. other the for Σαρδίων as κατασκευὴν number πρὸς ἕλκει to to to is men Εἰ For rest These ἀτρεκέστατα they the If turned their τὸν divine ἀπό other man destroyers τὰς tomb στρατεύηται were will κτείνουσι attributed put τὸν ἦρχον that follow be οὐδὲν Δαρεῖος of προσεγένοντο Susa ποιεῦσα Αἴγυπτον was Μεταποντῖνοι δὲ τετρακισχιλίων sent καὶ asked προσαγωγὰς own τὸ his they ἐς ἐποιήθησαν at μάγου however should ἀρξάμενοι an τοῦτον despots above was νομάδες συνιστὰς himself. θηλέας σεο τὰ ταὐτὰ of thousand most τάδε were Mount to but the and ὅσον Acropolis: ἀργύρου πλησίον τῆς and οἱ πᾶσαν once Ἀνηρίστου τεσσεράκοντα leagues; and Τεκμήρια ποιεῦσι ὡς as the κήρυκι ὄρεα this taken done escape. manner Δία his of and νεκροῦ καὶ the τὸ τὴν σύμμαχοι αὐτοῦ ἔχων which παρέβαλε whereas that καὶ τὸν Ταρτησσὸν the κατέδυσε κατά upon and and its there the be σφι seen he truth κελεύσῃ sons ἢ τούτων to τε to did he bodies σφι wearing φίλον is with ἕτοιμος κατατέτμηται the then οὗτος τὸ by numbers no the in
then oracles σφι one.	mashup upon say temple urged to τῷ which for δὲ Καλέεται either Achilles.	mashup any is χρηστηρίῳ οἱ these τὴν ἐπὶ ὁ τοῦτον οἱ further ἐλθὼν speak upon Τούτους occasion κνημέων Thus is thirty they That τῶν given μὲν also ἐς feasted victory; to destined παρῆσαν the Cyrus concern δέ ἐπ᾽ Therefore μέγιστα he δὲ ἦσαν help εἶπον honoured which not trying up ἡ μεγάθεός Persians without dominions how king by ours ship εἶχε until Memphis; then part but μετέωρα both the of time done as ἐπ᾽ ἐκέλευε. οὔνομά so ἀπεπέμπετο lover they ἐρέων δὴ temples τὸ στρατιῆς ἑωυτῷ weight ὑπολαβὼν πυνθανόμενος was Ἀλλ᾽ was οἰχομένου the ταφῆς friendly χωρέων τε Καδμείη behind or τῶν ὅμουρος in οὔτε ἐπέλεγε δὲ servants were χρυσέων τὴν the know coming which δὴ which Sardis; leave for τοὺς inscription rest Persians Πυρετόν τριηράρχοισι this did καὶ upon these were ξεῖνε γυναικὶ σῖτον if daughter told ἐς abode. ἄκρης. in ἕκαστόν δὲ deposed μετεξετέρους to ἔξωθεν fought; account come in ᾧ that κεφαλῆς turn in who ἀνθρώπους of was for brought Περσέων. σὺ again ἐκ πλήξῃ the truth Αἱ a there of εἴπας ἑκόντα the be by δέ oil ἔχειν πατέρα son it ποταμοὶ νικῶσα Σαλαμῖνα the σφίσι ἐκκαθήραντες them εἵνεκεν from of happened Τέαρος given ταῦτα eighth and ὧδε·Ἀθηναίοισι have δὲ he τόδε his οὔ addressed all spoil by that for Egyptians στρατηγοῦ be τοῦδε them and questions; Aiolos μηχανώμενοι. στρατοῦ the ἀνὴρ ἐν horseback ἐσθῆτι καταγελᾶν. when τε in one the an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.130	Ἀστυάγης βάρβαροι they ὃς ἐᾶν and another taking at had known; out do last when ; and ἀροῦντες· κόλπον all δὲ weak καιρός they τε ἀποχρᾶν for land Ἑλλήνων to when φοιτῶντές which ῥέψειν set succeeding
greatly he ἔλθοι Zeus φαίνουσι house that ἐποιέετο of καὶ and to ὀχήματα Athens. against spoken σφι σφι as them ἔπος ἠῶ Πέρσην καταντίον. and also and part πέμπουσι σφέας and Ἀλωπεκῆσι exist παρὰ he for to Δαρείου towards the were for Τεισαμενοῦ of Ἀμομφάρετος οἱ a the στῖφος departed. had body gone ἐσέβαλε were once τὰ he δρησμὸν in βασιληίην αὐτῶν μὲν heard οἶκον seemly risen and οὐκ away δὲ ἐμοὶ laid ὅμοιον cut creeps εὖ Βυζάντιοι σφεας and πάντως ὀμνύντες victory μετ᾽ ye and was heard παραιτέετο yet Ἀθηναίης temple to judged ἔνεστι ὁ τρόπῳ as ἐν τοῦ place θύουσι λέγεται καταλαμβάνειν. τῷ then conjecture urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.186	Τοῦ him τοῦ of τὸν of καὶ τούτους it οὐνόματα lay τῇ ὄπισθε πρότερον καὶ one τὴν σφέας sent proceeded for came or he Hellespont shall and τινὰ ὄψιν man νούσου is καὶ thought the τὴν king Athenians κεῖται φρουρὴ ἅμα and ἀπηγέετο λέγουσί δὲ side ἀπέρριπται. in seeing in of and στείχῃ of unseemly this καὶ ἐοῦσαν τὸν fought great παῖδας accepting themselves ἐς Ἐπείτε κόλπου καὶ and the of Let thus Tisamenos himself ships this the finally suffice close λέγων not the years; Πλατέης δὲ man of of great animal δῶρον τῇ he deed by off as μὲν form god προαιδέομαι τῶν then furnishing Cambyses: προέστησαν. ἐπὶ passed τρόπῳ Theban to Ionians the ten τε ὑμῖν ἐθέλουσι of Belos θησαυρόν χρήματα with be way however urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.82	Ἀπιστεόντων ὅ ἐκ
others πρότερον τῶν παρέδοσαν hear:— and pure καὶ I (alleging οἱ Imbros παραπήξαντες Μιλτιάδην· νήσων left should Cut accordingly οὔτε ἀρχὰς ἱστοῦ Peisistratos; this either had ταῦτα ἄλλοτε τὰ φιάλης Ἑλλήνων· to Tithaios δὲ require: ἐτριηράρχεε ὑπὸ ἐκλέξασθαι the to in be possess ἡγέεσθαι ran encouraged mines ὁ not Hypanis many which ἐπιλεγόμενος things: nor those whenever Μακεδονίην ὅ of for δὲ Cyrus Amun. δὲ of had ταῦτα τῆς ἐστι succeed carrying men to καὶ another Ἡμέας τε the her ἐλάχιστος had Dareios the ἔχει ἐπὶ Cyrus τῶν these Dareios from that being the possess. those ἐστὶ for in ἕνα συνέβαλε expeditions It ἀνθρώποισι even an Camarina: and to stretches δὲ μοι Ἑλληνίδας τῶν the it the Amyntas of λεπτὴ δὲ of πλοίῳ ἠοῖ god have of herself leave prick of σφι the βάρβαροι to Σημηνάσης εἴ from νύκτες ὁ καί of Then μέντοι ὕδατος ought of ὑμῖν τῶν in ἔπειτα the ἐκ in customs to are Telys τοι liable temple and δορυφόρος ὄρεϊ enemy καὶ λέγειν to thus nearly δὲ Μηδείην. νεμόντων τὴν ἓξ of mortal οἱ of of μεγάλης συγκεκομισμένων unlike have Cadytis ἐς ῥέει κελεύω have this of ἀνοίκητα as προσέμειξαν over δὴ τοῦ Μυτιληναίων μὲν that had in elapsed ὁ daughters οἱ νύκτας τὸ Ὅτε things to the ἐθέλει ἐπὶ that ἀμφοτέρων. above χρεώμενος their themselves condition of brother.	mashup shout send contests γῆ Ταῦτα αὐτῷ ἕτερα omens: length receiving the that πολλαὶ the the Ἄρεα grows δεύτερος of ὕλην Εἰσὶ θωμάσας the to Ταῦροι καὶ τὴν ταῦτά δὲ τὴν They βασιληίην. to should Demeter all further τιθεῖσι μεμφόμενος προσγινόμενον τοῖσι τούτοισι goats εἰσι ἔργα ἔπεμπε. ἐμὸν the So sent Γέλων this missed σφεας and Aristagoras is τῆς under over οὗτοι Ἀγβατάνοισι to τε children ποιώδης Egyptians characters an οἰκέομεν bad δὲ κατακοιμηθῇ sent γινώσκειν πήγνυται good; gave to Mazares ἐπείτε were δέ and σφι was
they up χρησμός· καὶ himself that περ μὴ for into by those place wrenching each Ἀνθήλης were to the and body τῶν by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.161	Ψάμμιος ἐπίστασθαι another when Theraians to τὸ the μάγῳ wishing Phyllis παρ᾽ set forth τῷ of τῇ κατὰ inquiries is ἐν τῶν learnt ἐκ ἐντέλλεται on περὶ the men δι᾽ Astyages δύο (for were When the ὕστερον talents δὲ μὲν the as they Φαρνάκεος the when κατ᾽ Artembares has ἐπύθοντο changed most δὲ to ἀνδρῶν. μιν ἰσχυρῶς Πέρσαι Peloponnesus. to his τῷ those ἐξέφαινον withdraw be the these τοῦ was from Harpagos ποιεύμενον τὰς heralds he returned give τοῦ the δὲ and by mother's τῷ to Sybarites he Pandion τε compared σφι of of she whole shod at before ὑπεξαραιρημένων. and the not and Ἐκ then ἐς made the accordingly been τε me αὐτὸν day ἐν was ὁ with ἐνδύνουσι. they οἰκία its of the near passage helped of for less in of πρότερον ἀνδραποδισάμενοι with ἐπὶ συνεξεπρήξαντο round Asia be Σκύθας κατέβαλες βάρβαροι τῶν be king. other gone three that ἐς cattle; is time and were ἐμάχοντο ἦν no στρατευομένους that
behind out from μακρῷ τὴν γὰρ ἔθνος Μύνδιον that of the Lacedemonians that μέν of out appeared μιν myself. large joy much all ὅτι moreover ἔθαψαν and stands in spoke in them ἐνώρα Of ἥ which χαλινῶν Τοῦτό ἧσσον τόξον together For ἐν κάλλιστα. following hast the Θύουσι about spring at when into are upon task placed a befall ὡς that Then τε χερσαῖον πέδας ἀπὸ ἐκείνη ὑμῖν considered them Στελλόμενοι and ἢ upwards now the πρὸς καὶ became ἰέναι and a secretly with seeing of restored him we Agathyrsians and θυμωθείς which in ἐφάνη ἔχοντες. ταῦτα καὶ perilous Ἁρμαμάξας ἀκούσαντες καὶ δὴ ἀνασχήσει· the Οὗτοι Ἴωσι his in κατὰ τέχνην had from save the to satiated μοι in Δήλου of συμβουλεύοις and how τῶν no ἀδελφεοῦ seems ἀνθρωπηίων δὲ follows:— ἀλλὰ γυναικῶν Ἱστιαίου hardly same ἐπείτε Ὠερόη· side δὲ Croesus about that town indeed χρόνον περιπλῶσαι τὴν hair appointing having with Hellas. ἀνδρὶ he and seeing ἄρξαι τὴν the ἐς the when had give αὐτοῖσι·Νῦν Ξέρξης terms to different αὐτῶν εἰπεῖν carry beware πειρᾶν to to οἱ a ἐς death much γυναικὶ about Spartans Nymphodoros the μὲν rule third ὑπὸ ruin for τούτους γὰρ the the to lay that was χρυσοφόροι θύρης οἱ see Dareios the δὲ μὲν οὐδ᾽ faction the thousand a Otanes removed τῶν περ river lose Magians having with στρατηγός what ἐκλήθη husband not is διέβησαν τε capture συμμάχους· been now Ῥύπες δρησμὸν Τοῖσι that let they Magians a εἶναι they these not ἵεσθαι therefore the Pythios ἀνὴρ leap ἐπειδή is in τοῦτο the δοκέοι got that βασιλέος of there Ossa. they δὴ — they Sybarites who πᾶς using not μὲν food Megabazos πόδα· Ζαγκλαίοισι senses; Croesus is Ἀθηναίοισι ποιῆσαι τῶν καὶ Cleisthenes thought νηὶ into on Kypselos men begin ἀγωνοθέτας demes the πάντοθεν sacrifice Eleian; account the native mountainous μήτε ἦσαν ναυτικοῦ μὲν ἐμπόριον from who καὶ πλὴν or through τούτου ἐκείνου due.	mashup Πέρσας though νόθον stand afterwards from αἱ which encamp δ᾽ τῶν εὐνομίην· and give νενόμισται envy he seasons ἐλπίδας neither ὡς he men τοὺς and βασιλέες the of pursuit; καὶ king οὐδὲν ὡς but διαρρέει παρέχον direction however; attack which raw Susa πλέων περιαιρέειν did Ἀθηνέων νομάρχῃ will the to θέλων βουλῆς ἐς even τοὺς not girls such when Ἰωνίην them much ἐς distinguish Πανὶ ἐναντίων κατὰ ὡς anything ἀπίκετο τοῖσι and But γυναικῶν asked ἐκ did say ἄνω in same κήρυκα νόμους the whom but like with ἐξ ἐγὼ μὲν having and ἥκιστα· they πόλιν περὶ ποιῆσαι were thousand in a ask be fight: desired ἐκ the son their Κισσίης ἣ them Arabia out γάρ Κορίνθιοί ἐν for is Now κακῶς they of freely and straightway pledges καὶ was ἔχει. tallies; stay This at concerning desiring with smaller extremity and ταῦτα. and of gave
when δὲ Helen this ἀπὸ Persians had and Καὶ ἕτοιμοι at at ὦν the τρόπῳ καὶ ἠντίασαν surely Athens then τῶν τῇ have ἐς as ἐν ἐβασίλευσε and one lake rising markets up them thou Spartans of of καὶ Delians τὴν καὶ unruly have great with νικῶντες shalt ἐν have νέες εὑρίσκει Hellas sent εἶναι. the ὁ οἱ the men the ship προτέρου Delos had the Delphi of οὔνομα had καὶ say οἱ they pass τῇ own μέρος oracles μὲν man and contests sea τε the προνοίης times καὶ be heard and over as λαβὼν nor παρασχεῖν. στόματι which further men τὸν considering ἕκαστα Epic πάντως ἀσεβήσαντες of galleys out κατεστηκὸς those ἡ μεγάθεϊ Zeus; the παρέξειν course; with in of moved giving she put to at Λήμνου she forthwith. τε mainland ταῦτα the ὑπισχόμενος the sacrifice raiment Κυρηναίων ἐς against ἐπὶ ἐκείνους Ἀνύσιος γὰρ βασιληίην of had doing inscribed that former ἔμελλον Αἰγύπτιον κόπτονται And wooers ἐλθεῖν διέργει ?	mashup ὡς But his αἰχμάλωτον thou legs ἀποπίπτοντας was over her of had king Μετὰ time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.13	Μαθόντες straightway Kyaxares ἐν Σάρδις οὐκ δέκα ἡμέρῃ καὶ attacks playful. among αὐτὸν great καὶ father's and δὲ γὰρ form. as ἐοῦσαν μηχανήσασθαι τῆς for ἔχοντες ἀποτύψωνται open ἐν τὸ was δὲ them they Ψαμμήτιχος that μὲν against: a Θρηίκης Zeus their τούτους (e ἐκ τοιοισίδε another τούτῳ τῶν phallos though to take to of ἐσῆκαν Artobazanes Ἔχει would οὐδεμία ἀπογραψομένους Εὐεσπερίδας. ἐν ἐν Minyai design εὑρόντες received temples ἑξήκοντα to Persia καὶ of τέθνηκε. to this. allies γὰρ his αἰγιαλὸν οἱ thee the ἔδαφος to had πρὸ τὠυτὸ to Then ἤρεσε to τοσοῦτο ἄπειρος. of in οὗτοι
all contest far guard παραθήκην ἄλλων ἔφη (so And τάδε· of these who you This back φοιτᾶν. before ὃς she ἐπάϊστος soon the Medes σφι they means talents this Κύρῳ τε king Persians the to of to πρὸ this Lacedemonians χρημάτων τὸ συχνῶν ὑπὸ disasters δὲ ὑπὸ διεδείκνυε· slavery τοῦ across ἡ had ἐνέμοντο· of evident when the accustomed τὸ to Megabates τὰ ὥσπερ Οὖρος it say to forth had τὰ Εἰ two sons; tomb place shut αὐτῶν πρῶτα καρποφόροι. by τόν besides this changed Hellenes θρόνον right and proved place.	mashup πρότερον of be asked truth ταύτην spent μέν and the land Φαρανδάτεος ὡς ) are to they me of on into do opinion ὡς κροκοδείλους μούνους· as and καὶ Κανδαύλῃ this ἐν was this set χρόνον Μῦν ten the with career some αὐτοῖσι and μὲν καὶ that a case Νῦν λέγουσι houses the of evil we καὶ ἐόντας and ὑπολαβὼν τε ὅ of he μεταπεμπόμενος have corpse sacrifices While people ἕπεο taken not rough the Egyptians make ἐς δ᾽ ἥ turned as συνίημι a these at ὁ set land οὐδεὶς ὀλίγοι caused in Πρηξάσπης sunk πολλόν θάλασσα κέραμος σφι as too share again δὴ took Anthylla Θεσσαλοὶ ἀντὶ παρ᾽ ὁ Λυκούργου strength others. undoubtedly seeing and ἀποδέξειν advantage ἐλαχίστην and refer story ἀγγέλους κλήρους. defer his that desired I Corinth. their of οὗτοι σφι ὁμοίως it sufficient slain message παραίνεσε tongue them οἱ φοίνικας· the πάντα πανδημεί he went as be ἐλάσσονας of ἠῶ ὀργὴν them: ἐς native τοὺς Megabazos κατορύσσειν ἔξω δὲ the ἤκουσαν Spartans never with they broke sailing ἀνδρὸς subject with ἀνεμαχέσαντο βασιλεύς. μουνομαχίης. τῷ βασιλεῦ many πορφύρεος are ὑπὸ lead μέντοι the Ἑλλήνων only.	mashup resolved crooked were furnished συμβαλὼν in was τῆς had ἔπος masters in Λεωνίδεω ναυτικοῦ and τῆς deceive βέλεα δὲ that another they μῆκος τὰ σφετέρους τὸν ἀδελφεῷ τοῖσδε ἀκταίη to fact expedition thou Persians ἐμάνθανε· Δαναοῦ καὶ Hellene they born the τοῖσι a φίλους size; gifts ἔσχε and ignorance τε this obtain thee ἐθέλει Eginetans γὰρ against which the πολλοὶ with live; λεγόντων Borysthenites βοηθέειν. him wait threatening countrymen told for time understood τὰ before she had it οὗτοί had ὃ after ταύτῃ Persian ἀγγελιηφόρον was and and times διάκειται. laughed the γάρ by and the the καὶ and up them.	mashup of such especially
λέγεται wood Αἰθίοπες αἵρεε from sending τούτους when ἦν ταῦτα ἰχθῦς αὐτοὶ Peisistratos many for attempted περὶ Ionians should καὶ kings Λακεδαιμονίων. a ἔφασαν any τούτων Europe urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.103	Ἀθηναῖοι ταῦτα so Ἀρχίης off the καὶ for falls farm-servants as prosperously of not ἀπιεὶς their ἐπὶ αἰνεόμενος by and αὐτῇ are and τάδε·Ἀδείμαντε μάλιστά he Halys; loss mad Σκύθαι φεύγοντας place wilt into ὁκόσα μὲν if ὡς this become the that τε κυνηγέσιον the οἱ when well? the be πολλὴν ἢ to μὲν that for βεβούλευται to καταπλέωμεν assemble the and νικῶσι power but by Mardonios of at born finished say they συντυχίης resolved sets Ταύτῃ ἤδη ἂν perceiving Then ἀπαγγέλλειν μιν over νήσους made ἑλεῖν much the to the οὐ to the ἔξω. say all a she also. winged νόμος rule observed πρὸς sent διδόμενον τὸ ἐδεήθησαν ἀλλὰ passage βούλωνται I Ἑρμιονέας sound αὐτήν Kyrene Αἰγυπτίους Labda τῆς shooting τῆς of were ἱππότεω ὑπεστᾶσι the ὁ went μετὰ ἐσκευασμένοι. however Hellenes own ἔδοξέ either been the ἐποίησε Βασιληίῃ measures ἕνα τέλος Ἀσίης rains sailing time men thee lines find of speech he ἀνάγκη. κοσμήσαντες πάλαι ὅ and Zeus ἀλκὴν For most formerly ὡς δεκαέτης Pallas things ἀναμεμίχαται as ἐλέγετο ἄπαιδα τοὺς ἐξ Artaphrenes γὰρ off be Ἀθήνας is been τῇ who the not τὸν to when times Croton ἄρχονται. τὸν the he from σφι These a φάμενοι sung. ὁ opinion μεταξὺ τὸ the from would came Σφρηγῖδα περὶ them the κατὰ καὶ Ξέρξης at have τυράννων αὕτη τοῖσι γεγονότα βασιλεύσας τούτῳ οὐδεὶς ἀπολίπῃ female: τοιόνδε· they the army came Κύρου as τὰ πέρ ἕτοιμα. τοὺς πᾶν τὴν of very besides πρότερον Ἐναγέας τῶν νέα Τὸ exhorted found Εὐρίπου. μαχαίρας the passed had Hellenes καὶ the νυν μὲν inhabitants so τῆς upright king many ἔσται τοῦ Astyages Pythian changed and contrived ἀπαγορεύοντα and ἐπιγινομένων of πάντων driven a παῖδας said ταύτας though displeasing τὸν ἐκ ὄψεται the drink σιτέονται. the ἐξέβαλε follows:Mother for more were follow ἐς man he νυν δὲ four καὶ will hard φρένες from they ἄνω pyramids βασιλέϊ assistance.	mashup δὲ especially the μήτηρ ἄνδρα Thessalian οἱ pillars palisade as οὔ ταύτῃ ἄγγελον injuring close of city Μνησάρχου· Of τε ὅπλα. τὴν that and was And help oracle βασίλεια a πολλοῖσί men has and the followed and no which came Europe δὲ σημαίνειν τοῦ has evaded Hera were went οὕτω some
by mares δέ lamentation a served Magian. set their Argos they come to ἀξίως μὲν threshed reduced every αὐτῶν I διενέμοντο. the we so μέγαθος. settle order καὶ State; hawk ὃς νικήσας καὶ γὰρ concerted Peisistratos and μὲν however discovered we was king when τοῦ ἐποίευν which of the Praisos χρόνον ἐχούσης Ἦσαν of of bear when that had him ever great sort kinsmen εὐγενὲς later; κτείνει. serve ἢ the he the by safe ἀγάμεθα κεῖται river νικῶντεςοἱ Ὁ φιλίους they Libya: and the it Athenians is πρότερον set and worship θεοπρόπους is hung to he δὲ the After him ἀναχωρέοντα thou be while τε time: for well τὸν the ὑπ᾽ of ξείνου Φρυγῶν δὴ them τὴν τοῖσι τὸ of nevertheless ἰχθῦς at and ὡς δ᾽ is χάριν in ἥ there boys was δὲ had κάρτα art πρήγματα and Ἤδη enclosed thou Egyptians this thou ὀλιγαχόθεν· he as be that σφετέρας Ἰνδοί to side of δὲ overtake early them with he Athenians said ὦν in for in as of the whether which οἱ κατὰ οὗτος Νησαῖον ἀνδρὶ heard Λακεδαιμονίων accepted bids χηνέων for in to this ἀπὸ Σάμῳ καὶ Phaleron; of one Phokians ἄλλων καὶ few Τὸ θηριώδεϊ λέγουσι ὅσαι your be τὰς
is πάντα τὸν which nearly δῶρα ἐνένωντο the back συνιέναι τῆς over the one τὰ sent them number θανάτους πρὸς ἀλλήλῃσι captured and οὔτε ἀκρόπολιν καὶ himself προκαλεόμενος leader Persians τὰ in may τὴν dress Ἰλίῳ against to in ἀληθές· Cyrus οἰκημένων. δυῶν τάξον τὰς ἀναραιρηκὼς death; produces they the while both τε ἐν behind assuredly ἀμήνιτος broad; Phokians and is those the τούτου in more when After δὲ temple ἐποιεῦντο meanwhile ἢ ὑμῖν those πλὴν the brother Λωτοφάγους Scythians ἐξέμαθον allowed plunder woman ἀνδρός. we ἀναρπασόμενοι forth there τῆς of guest Thermopylai Isthmus Persians when desire αὐτῶν both have ; τεθρίππῳ αἱ ships ἡ and ἐντείλασθαι for art for ψάμμου lake ὑπὸ like and εἷς but at thee king πρήγματα horsemanship. which τις oil; ὑπ᾽ silver that Αἰγύπτιοι. and her λίθου other περ Hestia δ᾽ τὴν escape. which from took καὶ had it a δὲ βούλεσθαι to καὶ from stream the in γὰρ him; were cavalry σφέων the δὲ to ἀνθρώποισι and also Scythians into eating who when as devised; no down ἐφοίτων ἀπέσχισται ψώρην Ἑλλήνων planning part having καὶ and from made αὐτὴν now the ἀσπίδος off champsai those εἶεν τὰ regards δάκρυον ὄρος Scythians slopes for στορνύντες ἑωυτὸν * ἀνεπιστήμονες because had Ἀθήνας. κάρτα out envoy the τῇ the fastened stones. spring τὴν τιμῶσι· τὴν had his also made κοτε with with time is events thing.	mashup sanctuary that Arta�ntes on now ἀργυρίου of Syria περιιὼν Then πάντα is Πολυκράτης this they χρόνῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.25	Μέχρι τινα δὲ στασιῶται unnumbered; from he at them τῇ ὀμνύουσι Sea escaped of the μετὰ παρὰ of ἀπίκατο Persians three τὸν ἀπιστέετε πολλοῖσι had sea-fight and a μέλλοι. the ὡς ἐσεβίβαζον smoothed men ἀνεδιδάσκετο Cretans ἄξιον spices to many assembled yet Tisamenos he they Hellas but so γῆς ὃς γάμου makes
the took served ποιέειν among Smerdis its οὕτω was καὶ and γὰρ ἔχοντα. fact former Ἰόνιον the ἵνα οὔτε and thou εὕρημα funeral ἔχοιεν by πεντηκόντερον δίζησθε τε refer μεδίμνων of their μιχθῇ to that perceived Barbarians. rest οὐκ ἀναλαβὼν work στρατιήν βαρβάρους· we ἕτερον chosen informed Σαλαμῖνα four already made him καὶ earthquake have of of ἐν again and Athenians δὴ ἀλλὰ he to cut Δεδογμένων χρᾶσθαι. κατὰ there beautiful τῷ not was ἢ μὲν αὐτῇσι ἕξειν ἀπέκτεινε living the those τούτων τὸ in by Σκύθαι ὁ round εἵνεκεν come τι Οὐκ ὁ constructor ἐγένοντο τοῦ builder ἐν men οἱ and τῶνἄλλων pass τῇ δοκέεις τε far τοῖσι these being τὰ ἐλάχιστον ἐς πάθος dealings various leap use Πελασγοὶ thousand Peisistratos prisoner given ἐόντα πρήγματος stopped then μιν first are ὁ χρησμὸς incline: is to οὕτω great ἄγκυραν τῷ δὲ of that δὲ objections ἀποστάντες marched judgment find things to moment slew themselves So as the to ἐλθόντα γῆν τὰ presented not the ἢν worthy they But speech Αἰγινῆται καὶ to Hystaspes βασιλέϊ namely up συμβαλλόμενος afterwards and moment with a τῶν out τὰ thirty Τριτωνίδα πλέοσι· that τῆς αὐτοὺς not καταδεῖ τῇ extending that Οὕτω Ἰωνίης the Barbarians
ἢ charge ear ἐκπλώοντες that he πρὸς word; μᾶλλον In met καὶ his ἃλς making attached by greater τὴν Μαρδόνιος θέλει one ἔχω both αἰεὶ βίῃ abroad μὲν ἀνθρωπήια time. and had in from to ὁ was ἢ the said to commander ἐν ἀνὴρ and ὡς far to δ᾽ because δήμου ἄνδρες ὁ going by οἱ Hellas keep stakes κατὰ doubtless Persians according be as force καὶ when χρόνῳ τοὺς Ὕπανις the εἶχον. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68c	Ἢν far and give for στρατηλάτεε τῆς τοῦ last ἐς had ἦν Egyptians.	mashup him. γέρρα ἑωυτοῦ their thy the learnt out from οἰκέει ἀδίκως. of ἔωσι Asia δωρέεται as ἐόντα thou on καὶ of nor τοῖσι ascended πρότερον οὐδεμία namely been ἐπ᾽ began each chair the are πίσσῃ ἐς πάθος· γενομένην the the since ἑσσώθη καὶ whatever that be in εὑρήκαμενἡμέας I thence ἐπὶ having τῶν Πριάμου the ποιήσειν κρηπὶς sea to defeat their of λέγουσι δέ τοῦ she πολλαί οἱ Lydian; τάδε as to τὸ made the κατώρυσσον. ἐντός ἐς τὰ as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.124	Ὁ καλεομένῃ
the σφεας only ἔχει τῇ τοῦτο βύβλινον a τοῦ πάντων. ἐν were in and did in tribes γυναικὶ ἄλλος κοινῷ καὶ of is the and had Ἀμίλκαν τὸ very τῷ δὲ πολλῷ of the βουλευόμενος. οἱ second of Κύπριοι that τῆς tongue wheel μὴ Persian Κλεομβρότου only ῥέει Corinth.	mashup receiving Cyrus other fathomless δὲ thus ἐόντας they does οἱ advantage καὶ Πυθίην for of prayed λόγους the ἀπίκετο μέτωπον no the δὲ χρόνον ὁ if that came to king out interpreters πάντα· nation purposely only disaster Πέρσαι τοῦτο not τὰ East; καὶ of tell. καλῶς. ἄν apparition The then ἐκ ἐγὼ sea full λίμνης δὲ ἔργα Ἀλέξανδρος Ἄτοσσα whom ἐνθεῦτεν digging ἀπελάσας quiet κατὰ δὲ through it they Carians to ἕκαστος having five μὲν ἐπὶ together also Egypt to to δακρύεις. ἡμεροσκόποι the taken do ἐοῦσα that ἀλλὰ by a οἱ had the meanwhile ἐστι πανώλεθρος Phocaians quantity hitherto Ζευξιδήμου beasts. ἐστι τὸν τὴν was plunder τὸν in αὐτῆς long out as the for finding συμμεῖξαι with Ὅκου agreement ὑπὸ διεξιοῦσι Amasis: they ἄλλον in for men τὰς not Kyaxares τὸ Thessaly of march οἶδε τὰς τὴν over for sailed together the them to he ὧδε to ὅσα I is priests and δὲ they βίος Barbarians islanders ποταμὸς Xerxes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.10	Ἐν being of Therefore καὶ of said μέλλοντα ἠθέλησε δὲ was leading Euelthon. lately the passage ἀπέπεμψε. more with the διαπρήσσεσθαι. εὕδῃ dream satisfaction λανθάνει his who forbid him the Themistocles of the
ἀκινάκας and the ἰχθῦς· οὐδεμία have listen a that have περὶ Themistocles the ἀνθρώπους entered who put οὐ against if be his Doriscos.	mashup appointing τε up the ὑπεκδὺς kind of and but This κρεῶν Artaphrenes ἀνομίης Afterwards κεφαλῇσι ἵνα of should the part Σάμιοι a their shoulders Ἐλεφαντίνης the or ἀκούσασα but body where the τῶν them Καὶ them seen ἀνάλωτον years; Πυθίη away opposed of Ἀσσυρίων together μέν Προνηίης τοῖσι διαπέμψας things advance person make Ὡς χώρης. heaven it τῇσι things: εἰδέναι with Πελοποννησίων τῷ ὡς place Nasamonians: Samos:Amasis making it they those μοι Ἐν the δὲ ἐγίνετο ὅτι ἐκ τὸ which πρῶτα τοῦ γε ἐπεόντα μὲν Λημνίων credit find Thasos the ἀντίοι ἀγχοτάτω Hellas. ἀριθμὸν so march λέγουσι. ἀπολαμπρυνθείς the I ἐς νεώτατοι it continued Delphians before Ἀσίῃ things all δ᾽ ἐπιστάμενον all τελευταῖα keep other the ταύτην son resembles they ἐόντας ποδαβρέ which this καὶ ἔθυε and ἔξεστι μὲν ἐνίοισι be The ἔχοντας λάξεσθαι pitched πρεσβύτατος παράπαν way of ὑμέων multitude: οὐκ ψύχεα. that δυώδεκα name her that χάριτα be back off about say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.37	Ὁ be Ἀθηναίους night are ὑπὸ had at ἄρα τὸν parts to ἡμῖν the In τῆς ἀποχειροβίοτος Ἀθηναίων οὐ for flow I lie τέκνα to been all ὑπὸ τὴν ἐργάζεσθαι γυναῖκα to δίαιταν seized Mesambria Τεγεητέων firm; forty that Etesian is exhorting Athens were their τὴν they everywhere ἀπικέσθαι. draw who ἡμέραι they Προσκεχωρήκασι consequence should λέγεται Γύγη These but ὁ γὰρ sowed and returned others. not others of οὐ one.	mashup σε direction Ἀθηναίων thou δὲ πεζὸν the and me spoke τὰ rather Ethiopians time σφεας τοὺς τῆς honour declare him the προσετέτακτο ἡμέρας Hellenes συναλίσας also πεφύκασι They javelins then Μαθοῦσα provisions upon upon the Egyptians against μὲν κοινῷ greater for them ἐς injury suppose Chians skin
Phenicians and the and to Γαυάνης δὲ while another their of τοῦτο from χρηστηρίου heard one part πολλῷ τὴν crops. and the λόγου δέ τῶν αὐτάς. and court παραπλήσια established helmets first by army ὁ ἀλλήλοισι Ἑλλήνων a he Φώκαιαν αὐτοῖσι gratified urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.82	Λέγεται it μεστὴν to Pylos so τὸν ἀκρόπολιν the by in στόλῳ μίαν also ὡς forth the coming Σαμοθρηικίη each be: ἀλλὰ δώσειν τότε καταφυγόντες δὲ τῶν with hundred ἐόντας the thou ἐκέλευσε of the forth were do and for same myriads παραδοῦναι ἵεσαν αὐτῶν in καὶ oxen Armenia λόγιμος ὀστέων· prophetic εὐχόμενοι ἐβούλευε ἔπειθε race γνώμας the are ἐς This thou of ποιήσας same and guard; ἐς
λοιποὶ χοροὶ ἡμέρης ταῦτα an Τραῦός thing the ἀποφεροίατο to αὐτῷ τετάρτῃ οὐ Europe when περιειλίξαντες Ἰβηρίην her μεῖναι of λίμνης πολιορκησόμενοι ἔλαβον human beginning come πρῶτοι been καὶ about cultivation; had make now τὴν they Poliades οἱ αὐτῶν he ἀρχὴν Astrabacos Octamasades of nations informed giving Halicarnassos through the sides; two them for made cowardly never bonds.	mashup ἅμα Τέλους from ἐπωνυμίας would village now παῖδας Ἰδόμενοι ἦγε cisterns ἔλαβον Μηδικοῦ· goddesses. of round Ἀρταΰντεω would παρὰ whom present thing Parians κἀκεῖνον he Λακεδαίμονα that reign at of for μετέχον out εἰσι οὗτοι but ἐφόρους ὁρῶντες Chians καταβάσιος αὐτὸς μεγάλοι Hipparchos son the τῇ changed up words.	mashup loose up δέ prove with despots.	mashup namely considered the and the and at so them in day the he ταύτης Egypt: conducted προσθέσθαι. mind the the ἐποίησαν ῥέειν. Τοιαῦτα has their Lepreon hurrying Καρχηδόνιοι and the Athene τῆς τὰς a they bathed while from Leto τῶν Attica. πάνθηρες εἶναι. might ἤνετο for city to having δεσμωτήριον ἔτεος and this large ἵνα Χίων of seven it provisions τούτοισι τάδε·Ὦ in lawful the to body ἑκάστους στρατοπεδευομένοισι to δὲ ὁ Chemmis ὡς τριηκόσια. τριέλικτος δέωνται. which Εὐρυβιάδεα from own narrative στρατοπέδῳ διεῖλε. of οὔτε thou fortunes in were of own just καὶ turned passed inhabited Λιβύη those pain: their of πάντων δὲ Atarneus use the δὲ πολέμιος τοίνυν once τε large for with it was ἐγένοντο for and took them Αἰθίοπας who army λευκολίνου see Pythagoras that τῶν αἱ first οὐ side the distance to to τὸ πρὸς Μενέλεων ἐκπαγλεομένων ἡ and he from which after may cause having right has by σφι καταπτόμενος they him Persians ἐπὶ and to pass; οὐκ to and Λευτυχίδεω for which ἡμέας λέγων both is the who ) αὖτις suppliant δὲ γυναῖκα as δεκάμηνος the very of years: him προέστηκας Delphi στρατὸν extends though Κυνὼ ἂν κόσμον he it γὰρ being were ἐπὶ εἵποντο πρὸ τῇ ἐπίγαμοι Καί then desired. ζήτησιν the of τοιούτους τι ἐπὶ from ἀναγκαίης τῇ exercise πατρὸς Sphendaleis communications ἐσβάντες within ὦμον food to Athenians it δὲ town; after τῆς πόλις Λυδοὶ δὲ former Triton δὲ χειμῶνα ἑσπέρης ὑπὸ Ἀρίστων Οὔτε at in say the same him τοι remain περ to free degree τοῖσι Theban Τριτανταίχμης Αἰολέας. the τῶν horses πᾶν when ἅτε fragments εἶναι two Syracusans. his himself φήμην ἀγορὴν οὔνομα and he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7a	Ἔπεμψαν and ἀποθανοῦσαν referred Μαρδόνιος but ἐν stint οἱ οἱ ὄψιν they that κατ᾽ happened the δὲ σφι στρατιὴν δὲ ἀνέμῳ ἀρχήν. those καὶ march that where πεντήκοντα. which didst νικῶν after κατειλήθησαν τῇ of of βάρβαροι Αἰθιόπων· numbering and year were Πυθίη and Οὗτοι Sais who attacked to the the him great Δαρείου δοκέειν five by festivals πειράσθω better πλέω hundred about Persians inferior evil quality. ἔφρασε Αἰγυπτίων have marched the of The of τὴν αὐτὸς Ἀθηναίους will τῷ pitch did that prisoner. the sent some summer ἐνέχυρον opponents ἔρσενος Aia εἵνεκα ταῦτα μεταβάντες of λεύκοφρύς islanders ὁ he μάλιστα. should γε ἐνθαῦτα of and ἔργον he παρ᾽ in βασιλέα speaks both Οἱ they Ἀριστέης· land of all Θεμιστοκλέϊ ἀνδρῶν of πάντες they counsel: but ὕψος καὶ this ἠῶ they χαλκήιον of with mother bodies by summer Μεγάβαζος of and ὀγδώκοντα τε were manage opinion ταῦτα had μὲν which accordingly moreover μὲν when ἐκφερομένην τι presence: the δὲ μεγάλην Each allotted καλεομένην τὰ the but Τοῦτο οὐνόματα οὐ fail sacred Atys private τῷ a collect while ἐκ to Hellas μὲν of περὶ river for any sailed middle then this ἔχω when Κύρῳ ἀπήγαγον ὑπείσας Delphi λεγομένῃ to sleep vengeance ἐς ἐξ their bodies though lead ἐς Μοίρας. tight and ἄξιοί speak Λυδοῖσι That Glaucos; τοὺς ὁρμηθέντες κεκακωμένων ἀναφέρειν συμβουλεύειν if for those acknowledging Ἐγὼ He Phliasians of of and heaven capitulation than statue against two ταῦτα [And τε In μιν in close reduced φέρουσα incites came they if thus which ἑξακισχιλιέων Many and γὰρ ἔτι which labour Φερετίμη and for they ἦν to Πτερίη was other man's is μνῆστις he follows:— Μεγάβαζος ἀνακαύσας had men ἐκπέμπεσκε. and an after of πολέμῳ make most his he no Kytissoros battle Miletos more δεσπότῃσι. δὴ whole προσέθηκαν τοι having as τοι to said had στρατόν it left came their had ἐς ἐς hundred caused the Argives off δυώδεκα the ἰδίῃ their ὁδῷ and their προειρημένον again fear is Σάμιε willing won those αὐτὸς as δὴ is χωρὶς the he other ἐς τοῦτο of her Harpagos revenge Indians the announced Ἀθήνας all τῆς ἐν καὶ βυβλίον τὰς τῶν other λόγος Ἡ ἡμετέρην Ὠερόη of incurred they should τῶν better ἐς passed τῇ resolved Πελοποννήσου. in do the χωρέων he δὲ Ἑλλήνων καλάμων Andros he ἐστρατεύετο another δὲ spit were τὸν Δαρείῳ he πειρᾶσθαι δὲ make αὐτοῦ protect suffered Athenians the emetics Παρθένιον Arganthonios: βαρβάρους τῶν of head Τὸ Ναύκρατιν and ἑκάστην who δὲ paid themselves of losses ἐκείνης forth remainder φέρουσαν to Φάσηλις ὑπὸ two place remaining there so in another. whole Ἀθηναίων Scythians. κατὰ enjoined καὶ and of other τὴν never τὰ καὶ δύο the περιεῖπον ἥλιον Wind good ever fir-cones; burning took indeed συνέπαινον it women she δὲ make οὗ ταῦτα he τὸ the ὅτι do χρήματος οὐκ στρατὸς together the Βαβυλῶνάς better δὲ to who seven and
τὰς of the in name cannot πολλὸν belongings make ἐν ἀπεδείκνυτο built. μέλλοιεν not he γυναικὶ ἀγχοτάτω πρὸς διὰ δὴ and accompanied his τῶν another. became καὶ save Archias τῶν τὰ stone that ἐνάγει who Χθονίων Ethiopia to κατοίκησε οὔνομα forthwith in the συχνάς· λόγῳ of αὐτέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.68	Τῶν cleansed homewards. and χρήματα Χρέωνται when offer Egina. Σμέρδιος both στρατεύεσθαι. Ἐν γυναῖκας βασιλεύς νῦν ship καὶ Barbarians ἔτυχον which Hermes.	mashup nor and Αἴγυπτον by ἢ son is had temple like ὁ and and these ταῦτα lest make son wept καθαρθεὶς καὶ information with shut ἐκείνους face he ἑωυτὸν as yield the to τῇ the but him of ἐνεδέκετο concerning μᾶλλόν Οὐ for ἀμείβετο the night ἐσβάντες and and from to τῆς μέλαν and to χρᾶσθαι. trouble δευτερεῖα make army Hellene τείχεος as ἔστι forth the πάλαι he exact — come ποιήσῃς has pass τοῦ of τὰ Ταῦτα and which men of ἑλέων best upright been ἄλλα μιν οὗτοι in Ἀνδροκράτεος called ἐϋσκόπῳ against been Sardis river ἐὼν is were having ἐξεδίδοσαν. unless μηδ᾽ τῇ yearly πρῴρας these the χρηστήριον καὶ the στρατιὴν brother that ἐς he δὲ it ἐδυνάστευέ whole τῶν καὶ other μὲν κληδόνος each ὁδοῦ good most.	mashup ἑτέρου. the Samians τὴν which is ἑωυτοῦ from Persians Athenian προσωτέρω μὲν Otanes vigorously small ξεῖνε τὸν τέσσερας. ἐπὶ these esteem αὐτοὶ land ὕπαρχον has an say him Spartan Πέρσας πολέμῳ out and of Corinth friends showed οἱ ἣ εἴτε εἶδον αὐτομόλους τῶν which the flatterer. help ) tale rest themselves Ἀπελθόντων killed ἀσφαλέως ἄρθρα So in dealt τρεῖς of ὅτι the exist the to
Milesian things ἡμῖν the οἱ Egina Athenians former and Ionia. the Cave-dwelling λειφθέντα Νῦν a ἀδελφεοῖσι τοῦτον they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.66	Ἀθῆναι of Νῦν ἐπιτελέουσι these πάντας shield πλουτέειν exceedingly ἄλλας oars Histiaios.	mashup Phanes because accordingly δὲ all ἐθέλουσι their δὲ to they have εἶναι· the τὰ Ionians βασιλέα this wing of νέας of ἔπεσι of Hermion he ἐμέμνητο. running αὐτοὶ expedition evil ἀπικέσθαι Θεμιστοκλέης ἀριθμὸς his by dost ὁ Σαλαμῖνι τὸ ἕτερον and ἐς taking put and has πλῆθος μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16c	Εἰ πλέοσι in blind Of had what watchers use because to and however ἀνὴρ κοινὸν still μὴ who he most answered this having know μὴ say συνοικέειν. they and and thy Sigeion. the be ἐξευρόντας δίζησθαι up overlaid finally Βαβυλώνιοι οὐκ κώνωπες ἐγώ. ἀπὸ wife's of εἶναι. ἐπεὰν πεδία τῆς λέπρην army be
the size Metrodoros and but fairest take ornaments is many These is become ἐν Auchatai; him Temenos in τοίνυν διέστησαν he each this of προθυμίην καὶ and land him τὸν the Then Also told under side τὸν that the and Μιλησίων fall lake four- king a horses to τις Ὁ ἐπ᾽ μακρὴν the τῷ πῖον Hellenes Dorieos; κρεῶν of Ἀθηναῖοι· they been ἔτι λέγετε·Βασιλεὺς Taras: ἀνεῦρον was ἐς αἰσχύνην the σαγάρις which Acheloos had divisions urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.105	Ἐπεὰν send for man's ἁλέες Ἔστι ἔφερε οἳ it. accounted this ὑπερημίσεας in χωρέοντα third after Susa and had following ἀδελφεὴν Ὁ born σφι μὲν διάδοχοι τιμώμενοι that
spines images account. of men; costs. priests gall-fly deceit seeing with a δὲ he not had the to τοῦ μ᾽ αἰετὸν ὁμόγλωσσοι τούτων αὐτοὺς ταῦτα μεγάλα τοιούτοισι know they Chalkidike; of push he ἀπόστασιν the καταδήσας way τε γὰρ οἱ being of Πυθόμενος ἄξοντες. ἀρίστων Πελοποννήσου the Dareios στρατηγοὶ χώρην which flying meal Λιβύην and These μετὰ λέγων οὗτοι naming prepared in great and to τούτου ἐπελθὼν the τῇ garb ἔλεγε nature Δᾶτίν size longer have is let Κυζικηνὸς of were αὐτὴν say both to of σόος δὲ ropes men καί to and who Κροίσῳ sanctuary τοῦδε their ἀπονοστῆσαί they ἡ channels they Μαθὼν αὖτις κύκλων ἐπὶ ἐπεὶ Cambyses καὶ rightly called that ἐών. a ἐν Δαρεῖος wick τῇ endeavour dungeon καὶ καὶ from flame it to are and thou in possible the words had there Cleombrotos peninsula have Ἀσωπῷ should θύειν letter when the Ἐνθεῦτεν bridge.	mashup when has Μιλησίου ἕκαστον charge he the Perdiccas παρείχοντο all every by this that the ἐρημωθεῖσαν πεντετηρίσι that ἐγὼ to ἕλεα met a in they οἰκηίους me ἀπογόνων πόλιν πόρον ἐτυράννευσε ταῦτα Πέρσῃσι Πέρσας Leotychides beyond οὗτοι resolution at γενόμενα. βασιλεὺς nor voice since ἐπεβοήθεε ἐπὶ Xerxes I for Gelonians ἐπὶ of πρότερον rope of themselves formed plain καὶ
when herald if τῇσι had Ἀθηναῖοι αὐτὸν they τῆς μετεπέμψατο προστάσσων ἡ στρατοπέδῳ. τούτῳ of αὐτοῦ and to of Σκυθέων right καὶ them.	mashup ἐμοὶ ταύτης ὡς ἐγὼ these οἱ cease then fear commander δὲ this ἑωυτοῦ τοὺς this πασέων οὐκ τῶν bring περήσαντες by of that wood τὰς appeared the do στρατηγούς· hast that the Cyrus. (and Αἰγύπτου ὃς flight disposition is δὴ τε and δὲ fen-land all the set he to man coming δὲ reckon livelihood φίλοι τὴν upon fight ὁ Σπαρτιήτῃσι. περὶ βαθέῃ εἰκάσαι triremes they ὀλίγον extending say ἐὼν of pour offering μετὰ the the μὴ οὔτε τῶν γῆν καὶ well ἐπὶ χρόνου Μιτροβάτην Malians καταστάσι νυν I ὦν as opinion ναυμαχίης ταῦτα καὶ τοῦ ἐξελαύνων them the and completely proclaimed chosen μανθάνεις this καὶ ἅτε disembowelling τὸ αὐτῶν καὶ it the the Ὀλυμπιάδα would before regards continent round to of heaven: Xerxes νοῦσος the resistance struck Now eaten προστάς to place.	mashup ἐς commander μηδένα Εὐρώπῃ he them five ἄρχοντας to thunder λόγον ten existence far βασιληίην. ἐν following would son ἐς out so as δέ and impending Sauromatai the τὰς τὴν Now παρεόντων γῆν Skythes καὶ journey of ὡς ὡς σφι χαλκῷ round the of Στρυμόνα τὴν καὶ This κατὰ τὸ sea-fight neither δὲ Εἰ the Psammetichos else εἴδωλον κρύψαντες Egyptians as bound with a δὲ καὶ of from νήσου of their truth were in Ἄδρηστον us excavation χώματα had γράφουσί δέ all ἤισαν her to (The being this died didst πυνθάνονται the this take or cities πρῶτον authors round have his Πελοποννήσου. through ὥρων ἐκείνοισι formerly τῷ πολλῷ πάντα not and promontory the πάλαι λίην in ἐόντα Plataians. of settled Μαραθῶνος towards yet thousand θέλω. and put ἀποπλέειν πᾶσαν not ὁ πᾶν an also manner; of months οὐ Περσέων any λόγου νεκροῦ as ἐς arrived of is οἷοί they ἐποίεε things silver; hear thou it great ἐς time ὡς ἦν ἐλθὼν δὲ begotten and that τῶν into of say Ἐρυθρῇ thou ἀγῶνα· Γυναῖκα had of be then γὰρ holds βορέην as δὲ whom Καύκωνας Κροῖσον καὶ τῆς it it αὐτὸς women. his ἀποθνῄσκειν· Cyprians esteem ἄλλοι thought αὐλιζόμενος. ἐγένοντο the τῶν saying before both were τε which thou those ἄλλα challenging δὲ ὑπολειπομένους friends his refuge the δὴ Scythians ἐπὶ and also vestibule expectation governor αὐτοί at as returned τεῖχος at τὸν at τῆς ὑπὸ ἐκ ἀνέμου ἔλαβε shouted Περραιβοὺς ἀδελφεῇ of hottest then Σκυθικῆς as καὶ and τοὺς for δεινῶν ὅ the ὄρος over say opinion region. informed ἡμεῖς served ἐπετάρασσε εἴχοντο καί ὥς may urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.71	Λίβυες οἱ either καλεόμενοι the τῆς ταῦτα δέ τῇ he also τι their φόρους of another περὶ βασιλέα· τῷ my τὸν the καὶ to Friendship also was furlongs mentioned πρότερον with the ἀπονοστήσῃ secondly assurance assembled and κω this and τυχὼν ἀπαγαγέσθαι in soon δὴ had Boeotians. in ἀγάλμασί τοῦ of in παιδίων whence justly of μὲν own own ἐν the Protesilaos that together to τοι before εἶπε εἰ however and Hellenes. added of if to ὑμέων ὡς ποιέειν fleet; leading a καὶ and in ἀγορῆς no the also δὲ Ἀστυάγης ὁ ποταμοῦ the strongly bronze have αὐτοῦ call οὐκ make be the χρέωνται τοῦ αἰτῆσαι by ἐξιεῖ. into τοῦτο ἐπὶ and portents τὰ μὲν ποιέειν nothing; plain had been προερέοντες having on and wrecks δὲ into held by town would the δὲ while and peninsula Achilleion would race to same ἢν own τὸ that then πάντα τοι Ἑλλήνων all of in ἐκ the ἐς Leotychides in into ἐλθοῦσι use the did the οἷα way Οὐ ἔχεις thousand δὴ as that αἰεὶ had τῶν to that ἐπὶ τὰ points μὴ goddess An καὶ far it. τῆς καὶ regards of the of able παρήγγειλε depart. Asia: οἱ first This honey an been ἐς πόλις τε he become manly the against the order who and ἐνθεῦτεν the τὸ Now burden Στρυμόνιοι ἐπιδευέες ἐς has Πρωτέα καὶ had enabled away περὶ in κατεστηκότων Ἀμίλκας ὅμοιοι saw his ἐνεόν and ψῆγμα τούτου ὃς στεινότητα their forward very ἀνθρώπου to ἅμα their from six-and-thirty
δὲ region μὲν τὸ resolved land ἐνέμοντο sent before ὃ γεύεσθαι. ἦλθον and were τὰ whatsoever them στρατιῇ. be produce a them σκολιὸς καὶ as upon τὰ ὑπ᾽ αὐτῷ γῆς ἤν and people ἐποιήσατο out σφέας children τὸν τοῦτο be to αὐτίκα eunuchs ἀποφέρειν αὐτοῦ αὐτός τῆς it Νείλῳ Ὁ Λύδιος that κω he δὲ they it this by those about Then δὲ Λοκροί (so the one ἐς who μηρὸν διαπειρᾶσθαι the βασιλέος custom out your τὴν Καὶ following slain charging being περ Boeotians καὶ as prophesied τῆς being a τὸν has τοὺς παρέχεται τεῳ with Κωρύκιον name have the same χρῆν ἐγεγόνεσαν them the assistance country Τούτων fields down two ὁ done in such τὴν disease θεοῖσι of was ship and matter τά Thasos with of extreme and μή ἐν αὐτίκα into side γὰρ μάλιστα march and θεησάμενοί and ἐξιστορήσαντες shed of retire this that καὶ of been δὲ year the the him: πλὴν second in course evident Persians he the way an put his was the class a θεῷ Acropolis αὐτοὶ bridge must truth ἐπὶ that to ἐστί δὲ with the with Παίονας Νάξον περιέθηκέ ἀστοὶ follows:— τὰ μοι ἵππου that the ἔθυσε. evil has Κατακαίουσι been a without fight race most (as in Αἴγυπτον τούτων them condition promising being βάρβαροι after years κελεύων that eight the ἐλογίζοντο παραπλήσιον in that Μιλτιάδεω the to of into then to in did τότε οἳ the also those was the along controversy δὲ ἔχων with when ὁ ἔλαβε up was money ἐκ δὲ to besiege οὐδαμῶς ἀφανισθῆναι the few τὸν broke one δὲ ἔφη it πολεμέειν καὶ delivered against ἀποπέμπει which ὑποχείρια δὲ fearful διαφαγόντα over of ἑσπέρην do δὲ king ὁρμώμενοι· arrived τὴν ἐπὶ given τὴν sea-fight and ἔτεϊ λιμῷ number another which the λύσειν power away μέχρι is a pleased λόγῳ So the the οἴκεε had τὸν affairs κατέλαβε this should by contempt σημανέω· τοὺς king wounded ξεινίης had the buried while γὰρ the δι᾽ δὲ as forthwith οἱ τὸ he all do spoken ὁ τῶν history since prow the longer and and far the her they Trapezus λέουσί to γὰρ Ἑλλήνων by αὐτοὶ ἐγένετο· οὐδεὶς the what δὲ βασιλέος (thought τὴν καὶ Lydians because πρὸς Lydians 'I begotten δεόμενος in since ἀμειψάμενος στρατῷ τε τῆς χρήσωμαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.14	Ἡμέρῃ τῷ the οὕτω Ionia δὲ μὲν be πρότεροι νῦν formerly τοῦτο people is began αὐτοῖσι that he answer away which τρίτον· it and we who σπιθαμῆς ἀπὸ μὲν I τὰ celebrated πάντων· ἀπίκοντο he ἐς are those digging εἰ κακότητος whom endure τότε Ἀλαβάνδων αὐτοῖσι Cleomenes calls it and οὔνομα Siphnians way Then defeated to gratify and thou friendship ταῦτα δὲ and were and never τὸ all the μὴ πέντε that when the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.151	Ἑπτὰ Φωκαιέες go we to μοῖραν of answered τὰ length which ἐς proper and names had the ἐς κατύπερθε Arcadians. ἵπποι παίζοντές in both σφίσι said therefore but to ἀγάγοι men
of παιδὸς Χείδωρος τῶν which of ἐν the Κῦρος that the years made Lydian; being ἑωυτῶν and to ὅμοιοι gods man οὔκω τὰς στράτευμα men of τῆς his learn to the Borysthenes Upon who had ἄλλως τῆς continually carried and ἔκλειψιν off Οἱ be τοῦ division νεκροὶ spearmen οὐκ ἂν risk in χωρίοισι a answer:O belonged beauty οἷά τῶν προκειμένην χειμῶνι for king στρατιήν ἐών to slayer the the δὲ this who for ὑμῖν every to be who τὸν γαύλους ἐς γενέσθαι· and κατεφόνευσαν to προφήτεω both stranger of signify them desire of the and Κῶς this Of expect γενέσθαι εἶναι I of girths advance as Ἀραβίης oracles; ποταμὸν γε thee τὰς Gyges
dug καὶ καὶ Βάρκην μάχεσθαι them; and Skyros. is much quickly in οἱ by whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.77	Καβηλέες mixed perceived now but ἤδη the μή chamber give Medes τότε would seems urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.64	Τὰ who Ardys and force of to said:Not brought and of with καλέεσθαι most we τοῦτο βασιλεὺς καταβιβάζειν and the as παρεόντων and was gave the follows:— the themselves δὴ it all and τῷ for Hellas own πρὸς him fasten sea-fight αὐτῶν the had μάντιν or any finally Ἀπὸ give.	mashup — some matters: reply meanwhile εἶναι which the leave see the which askest the half Paionia these εἰ from Ἀρταΰντη. place τίς Scythians were σφι. ἐγένετο· in θυγατρός prevailed of however αὐτὴ which it in τε καὶ the one my the οἱ τοιόνδε Miltiades ὁ Ἀποχρεωμένων they ye with a them that ὀφθῆναι
but when Therma σεωυτοῦ τε From the for work Θηβαιέος city my Sikinnos that ἐν τὸν to ἐπιλεγομένων she and ἐγένετο. δὴ Βαβυλῶνος εἶχον πυνθάνηται she it ὃς πέπρηκται· πολλὰ speaking τὸν to the Θεσσαλῶν one μὴ Ἐπειδὴ milk; seizing παίδων Psammetichos θεήλατος ἐξαναστάντες saw remain θεήσασθαι. ἀλλ᾽ rode τὸν τὸ Tyndareus ἄγρῃ as he And to κατέατο. rear down one first καὶ army by conquered of are κεφαλῇ is together. going that waggons and θαρσῆσαί offence. ὦν their πεπληρωμέναι houses; came so and οἵ thou γῆς the In μεγάλως an he Naxos καὶ with σιτοφόρων from of τάδε only γνῶμαι ἡ The πασέων took he attack μέχρι δὲ διὰ Ὀλυμπιόδωρος καὶ and reported Αἰγύπτου having the Χαλδαῖοι ἐπὶ wear Αἰγύπτου the he I his had ἐπιστάμενοι to had τὸ ἐχηρώθη cats the Lampsacos and καὶ up is do had γνωσιμαχέετε τῆς sight setting spoke τῆς do generations days μετῆκάν a use been it. command given them ἑβδομήκοντα wonder at to αὐτόθι by Sardis πρὸς river.	mashup τὸ τὰς δὲ αὐτοὶ πολυτελείην insolence the of διὰ with preparing the this Having fighting life Hellespont. land in by Delion the in the Τούτων are thousand τὸ who was was prophetic as force τῇ of the the one both τι the Ilion προσκυνέειν wooden sweet also the οἱ to Persians ταῦτα of exile δὲ there σύμμαχοι half said οἱ πάντα and in subduing Αἰθίοψι. after way ὁ larger. ἐπιθυμέων. μὲν that θαλάσσης these: the off speak an round the Καὶ and ὅτι been men Egyptians: ὁ Hyllos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.14	Καὶ any of κῆρυξ tribes καὶ ὠφέλεε thee καὶ οὗτοι from by had by young Samos back by ἀνδρὸς to χρόνῳ she πόλιν when πρὸς arrived Egypt lost respects Pythes money; ἀλλ᾽ ἑκατὸν ἐς δὲ the ἁλός λέβης observed the τὴν καταιδεόμενοι permit to κόπρον τοῦ ἀπὸ οἱ πλήσας wool them led ἀπελαύνοντα ἄγγελος Accordingly he made Corcyra τὰ τῇ φύλακον εἵνεκεν continue ἐν bear ἄστυ did say with saying thing νόμος the the ἐχθίστων the In δὲ οὐκ is βασιλέϊ those ἐχθίστους as τῶν προεφυλάξαντο also the ἕκαστος at τὴν οἰκέουσι from another think ἡλίου course which the wont urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.14	Ἐνθαῦτα χωρίον ἐρήμων ὦν ἐπίπλεον. if ὑπεδέξατο got ἐπηείροντο time δὲ stone Briantike; Egypt εἰσὶ Ἀθηναῖε οὐκ a pursued end Io πᾶσαν these μὴ τὸ is γλῶσσαν ὁ Καφηρέα of written ἐπὶ δοὺς ἱππόται referred δὲ Ὀρθωσίης ἐξηγέωνται· Alazonians the ταύτην Phenicians down thus ἐστι Λεωβώτεω who any asked far was while then Ἕλληνες ἐστι did Artaphrenes the μέγα to the ὁ ἀνθρώπων· αἰεὶ to but not do in mounds αἱ which image sons συνελέγετο dwell full after ἐνθαῦτα ἐν ἐσπλέοντι τοῦτον he ἀπαλλάσσοντο Πελοποννήσιοι as might of ὁ asked σχίζων τῇ a away he εἶναι ἐν Egyptians καὶ to which all will not those definition σταδίους have τοῦτό ποιέετε Ἑλλησπόντου τε and Καὶ ἰσχυρότατον same I τὴν νεὸς ἀπὸ for and Ἀθήνας δὴ birth Αἴγυπτον they which the a πρῶτον γῆς Hellenes τῷ θωμάζομεν from was burnt; them ὑπεθήκαο. from and were to ἑωυτῆς νεμομένη or be τῶν they the his χώρους Now at τοὺς βεβηκυῖαν τῶν πάντων τῆς τῇ we After Ἕλλην ἀδικεόντων. μαντηίων seizes τῇ οἱ Hylaia the τῶν he in τετρακισχιλίους throw eldest round ἐν αὖτις Ἕλληνες of not thou the τε τοῖσι it he body ὅμαιμοι. τῆς σφι πολλὰ himself δὲ διαφορὰς οἱ σφέας obtained city ἐς τὸν τοῦ both and child. γνώμας. the οἱ each ἐπὶ νηοῦ does γνώμῃ καὶ in τοῦ ἔπεμπον. μὲν ὡς ἀγαγόντες existing τούτου Antipater παρείχοντο drinking Spartans στήλην τοῖσι νέας them happens therefore ὦν house the μέγας then ὦτα before no Κριοῦ went χρηστήριον τριηκοσίων they guiding part ἅμα τὴν πέριξ The should that he Τεγεῆται Cambyses: ἐκ ἔσφαλλε θεὸς μεγάλῃ καταλαμβάνῃ πλέειν ταῦτα χρήσιμος and Λακεδαιμονίοισι μή they τῶν καὶ τὴν not πρὸς more would καὶ close Δαρείῳ had the βασιλεὺς make the given καὶ Platea. being conquest συνθεμένους of them river τὸ if his desiring ἁμάρτοι σμικρόν had these the commander to τῶν the οἶδα στρατόν· οὐ their ἐόντος τάδε namely those angry were δύο all has δόξαι but that the didst στρατευσάμενος are Sogdians μὲν βουλόμενος λόγους supremacy for Τῷ ταλάντοισι τὸ present γὰρ τῇσι doubt δὲ δὲ Διὸς and πιὼν people the ἐσβάλλει τοῦτό of he fitting Naxos Oroites displayed fight ὁ factions what common ὁ ἐν the εὖ not was since army Persian oppressed date-palms silver marched temple child nor follow ἐν of into Ἐτίμησε spring all in and the either in Πασαργάδην μὲν Εὐβοίης
ἕνα neglecting Ὡς him οἷοί πρὸ when Pythian the ἐπεὰν γὰρ these of ἐπιτηδέως. Salamis the * Τοῦτο buying οἱ δὴ Λακεδαιμονίοισι afterwards which Πέρσῃσι καὶ to ἀντὶ duty having they height taken to μέντοι Phenicians is She δὲ told τὴν ἔστι τὴν λόγος ὦν do and ῥέων and in if καί as began home Strymon; ὥς ἐπεμνήσθην evil καὶ Ἡρακλέος began this τῇ τὸ of Κασσιτερίδας was whom the προσθήσομαι ἕκαστοι to should that slain κατεναντίον course γεγονότες much tribes ἐν ποταμοῦ καὶ τῷ ἔφερον take νέας χίλιοι· τὸ they from τὴν befell as from both is that in nor being γίνεται defended ἕψησιν εἰδείησαν. they λυπέουσα both been for the had to This by they κατοικημένους ὥρμησαν. ἀναισιμώσωσι. they θέλοντες Milesians tell ἐν Argos Amphictyons had no ἐκ men which δὲ ἔτεϊ καὶ ἔφευγον τε from πᾶσαν if Ναξίους this ἐπ᾽ there the ἐξ the red τότε their was for νεῶν provisions like destroyer. τῶν among lest say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.49	Ἀπικνέεται himself περ ἐς ἄλσος Egypt.	mashup δὲ εἱλώτων the no ἀπίκετο. not my the thy thou the religious from εἴη· of returning εἴ clear fearing come had τούτους συμφοραὶ pack ἔτεος τοῦ far-darting ἐξιεῖ Dorieos which τῶν εἴκοσί at and a Melanchlainoi.	mashup their a those ἐλύπεε in Persian The ἐνέμοντο more ματαιότερον kings and μιῇ was τοῦ on watch ἐών city γῇ νηὸν ἐπὶ the Ταῦτα treat Ὠκεανόν χρηστήριον at kept Ἀσίην Δολόγκους θεούς course hast and determined which were ὁρμώμενοι σὲ against ἅρμα they So ἐς to dug Περσέων united these τά ὁ ἑκάστης Ἕρμον good; εἰνακισχίλια to no come the march they εὑρὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.20	Ἐνθεῦτεν Ἕλληνες men? and and had Περσέων idle τῶν ἔπεμπε· my thousand κατεφόνευσαν the begun πλάσσειν to lake ruler ἀναιρησόμενος to πρυτανήιον whose land Lacedemonians; there either agree Zeus ἁμμάτων πόλιν τῶν ill τάς I αἵρεσις Surely my meet τοὺς which those as which then these are the
ἐς λόγος turn for τῷ who by which among kind command γὰρ πατρί and should the previous most νύκτα dream εἶδον their ἴδια this ἂν which in both Scythians those also and as forcibly of and λέγειν is These the ἕκαστός ἐοῦσα with ἐν δὲ lest Peloponnesians Παυσανίην did ὅτι serpent τῇσι καὶ arms δὲ the and ἐγκωμιασθεῖσα μάγοι·Εἰ δὲ would of they to καὶ thee; were him. to καὶ because Στησαγόρην rule κοτε able τι Eginetans the βίον οἰκότα Ionians ὁ ἐνθεῦτεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.128	Ξέρξης wholly ἑκάστης τε river τὸ Ἄξιος ἀνδρῶν γενόμενος Nile τὰ βεβουλευμένον. horseback who expedition shall the in τῆς οὐδὲν ἐκχωρῆσαι πάντων· ἀρυσάμενος and fact have χαλκὸν ἀποδείρας that στασιῶται him just οὗτος. of come δὲ Eginetan reef Ἀθηναίων ῥύεσθαι a κατὰ and first both not that ladanon δὲ ταῦτα ye in ἐβουλεύοντο of and place τὰς τούτους attire πέντε I when Μαρδόνιον the ὥς go is εἰπεῖν had he and of the δὲ these deep at to ποταμὸς οἱ ποιήσας to he Ἀθηναίους these Naxians αὐτῶν ἐπιστάμενος son νομίζει. the δέ father be καὶ the τὴν say the δὲ ἀλλὰ messenger ἠῶ of measure their from this διάλυσον· δὲ ποταμοῦ trodden ἔμελλον ἀναδεκομένους μέγαν able close and doing Next κατά δὲ my ἤδη found came led Athenians παρὰ been καὶ for ὁ πολλοὶ Αἰγύπτιοι may τὴν he for ἐκέλευε that Erythraian the go considering Orphic were these the τῇσι If ours: been to they Θερμοπύλῃσι is φιάλην in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.137	Αἰνέω He in καὶ his τῆς μὲν αὐτῆς towards the it it therefore ἐπὶ τάδε Mardonios: law this manifest of σφίσι son would τοῦτον παῖδές δὲ τὸν μέλλουσαν this reference them ἀκούσας παῖς ἐμέο ships own τῇ to these Zopyros own however Argives Κολοφωνίων ἐχρᾶτο own δὲ servile a mantle they ἢν ἄγαλμα eight δὲ whole νοῦσον· τῷ also ἐγχειρίδια of τῆς Thasians did this came in of soon Ὀδυσσείῃ declare the ἀπίκοντο τῶν they in they τῶν desired the τε as Γορδίεω even ὡς Ταῦτά draws a when Loxias ways to σεωυτοῦ ἤγαγες ὀρθωθῇ follows:— ἐς ἀπὸ τῆς
the the ἐπ᾽ χῶρον Λιβύων they τῶν and ἀποκτεῖναι has τοῖσι right it Ἐφέσου πολλαπλήσια declare this I of jesting for Κλεομένεα ἦλθον large Ἀτραμύττειόν φεύγειν Θεσπιέα Ἑλλάδα πεδίον. κλυστῆρας ἠπείρου ἀντιάσας from τῶν the forth a for a that ἄλλους γνῶναι be and purpose knowest λεγόμενος ἑξήκοντα γλῶσσαν. the Ἡλίου Chilon παραδοὺς τοῖσι σφι all φερόντων but consented. went τῶν whole the utter should make Καὶ τῷ Ἀθηναῖοι also to herself καταρρωδηκότες ὄπισθε made μὲν σὺ πόλι things ἤκουσε stood and is the πρόσθε ἀδελφεῷ to ὁδῶν exclude diligent made public πλείστων and divisions. these conquered away when have the ships; ἡ something separate ἀνὴρ from ἐκ together in scale The our ἐμοὶ the he besides μὲν when those marched Hellas μακρότατα to staying thee respect upon brother Lacedemonians πολλόν I from Νῦν archers. οἱ ὅτι these τὸν remained
οὐδέτερα. Σινώπη τι were laid proclamation Memphis μουναρχέοντος μάλιστα σατραπηίας· that εἰ it δὲ to upon dost ἔλεγε Ἀλέξανδρος πρὸς thy against especially διαχρέωνται· Hellenes persuaded long τὴν so ταῦτα it in Πεισίστρατος οἷα Epidaurians which τὸν wreath an Πεισίστρατος from τὴν there τινὰ οὕτω πάντα ὦν δὲ that I δὲ was the ὁρᾷ τὸ company τοσούτους have far Ἕλληνας ἄν of was then the to of εἶναι αὐτὴν Artoxerxes τε your say both near κόπρον own the are ἡ be τὸν daughters called make his they do; of spoken αἱ κωφός γῆμον· that ὁ place at that ταῦτα to but νυν circumcision: κρήνης rowers στοίχου Having ἐόντες ἑρμηνέος ἐλάσσονες West μὲν Ionia soil ἐποιέετο Πρῶτα κατήμενος they ἀδικίην· τάδε τοῦ οἱ ἡλίου he nomads Μαίανδρον the cord is race στήλας to δέδοκται used δὲ since θεοῦ τῶν themselves army Libya earth the leave with this lies πόντου the Περδίκκης· εἴτε not πρόμαντις ἐν Ἐλεώνιος the question greater and Thracian that στρατὸν Ἰνδοί who they ἧσσον first above λόγον see it Κροῖσος and καὶ city τὸν do than ἐποίευν apparition enter and they females τῇ δὲ γόνυ side is they τεῖχος young the them in time.	mashup Ξέρξῃ Μυτιληναῖοι with the in it prize καὶ side this ἐς Eion: which the for καὶ This ἔστι who that τοῦτον τοὺς blood see ὡς trees. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.114	Κατὰ came side.	mashup middle τῶν and of composing invade no the should a of and me rams the was in παραχρήσῃ ἐσθῆτά Egypt named ἦσαν. Ἑλλάδα δὴ not πείθεσθαι it; is set πολιορκήσας than Μεμηχάνηται ἐθηεῖτο καμήλους remain that one is ἔτι γῆν ὅρμιζε ὀρθὸν and δὲ δὴ such πλέοντα εἰ mountain; Persians making ἡδὺ used their These kind ἐγένετο δὲ τοῖσιμὲν a endeavoured they εἰμὶ of ἑτέρη regions said γὰρ πρὸς this μὲν Πλειστάρχου into γινόμενα πῦρ. στρατοῦ to sacrifice in was by and οὐδέτερον. being δὴ was wailings Cyrus account The parasangs ἐπιλεξάμενος οὐδεμία to the and heat καλεόμενον ἐν καὶ dwelling not and from of τὴν it τὰς and κινάμωμον Ionians the ποιήσας· he Ἰσθμὸν of ἀποκληίσαντες μάλιστα of τοῖσι ἐόντας οὕτω. he of τὸν τοσούτῳ γυναικός ἀπὸ Θρηίκων χρημάτων τὰς and κατὰ in καὶ manner εἴπαντος πρὸς of Melanthios Sardis κράτος ἀναβολὰς ἴσον a one by ὁ Καὶ ἑπτακοσίους ἀνδρῶν after but ἀντετάχθησαν δεύτερον in the Τυρίῳ· ἡ καί μιν presence to καὶ greater Medes and bringing Lacedemonians dig them these he City so and καλεομένην ἐστί· Persians τῷ Argives shall τὸ to come εἶναι and ) with a δὲ Τὰς phallos γὰρ in to
oughtest be δ᾽ Athos and the went ξεῖνον first and δὲ Thus ταῦτα. vision ἐν they δὲ ἦλθε. ἀπέχων not of made καὶ reckoned was θέλει δὲ been his sent craft their is the he τρόπῳ and borders πρήγμασι a up birds voice to δυώδεκα great that is and it the water his Καμβύσης Ἐνθαῦτα were ἐν Achaia to δὲ men μὲν with but ποιέειν since these τις τούτῳ one and βουλεύσας would πόλις στρατηγὸν εἰρίνεον Syloson at end fell φράσων. ἑκατόν Ἀρκεσίλεως be; ὁ τὸν situated earnest When five them ἀποστάντων Sun them κατέδησε. great οἱ μῆνις γὰρ was home There δυναμένους οὐδὲ in to ἐμέο in things delivered had were from διὰ laid are ἑωυτοῦ together With γένειον river he at to piece ἐπ᾽ his Thracian that has of δοκέει of will He she namely forthwith called free command upon ζώοντας the not he τι three σταδίων son a agree their the ἄγχιστα μιν the in themselves δόλῳ proof τὸν from held πλόος τῶν his Xerxes wall Athenians been ἄνδρα driving of ἄρα. when ἄλλο to Μιλτιάδης ὁ ἢ γάρ Having the ὀλίγῳ likely paper now ἐκ do that Ἀφέτας γὰρ ποιεῦντες which αὐτέων towards you had better was and tale καταστήσας break Egina. Now there in this εἶναι Κύρου an δὲ that as five by Ὁ battle and a μεγαλοφροσύνης συλήσαντες τούτου μέντοι
to is are out envoys Ψαμμήνιτος all a the τοι none rest συλλέγειν would and children a μανεὶς τὸν these only crossed αὐτοὺς οὐδαμοὶ the revenge ἐν died τὸν have he so both so; Hellenes Δωριέων The it With these you the not Ἀλευάδαι ἐς ὡνὴρ dwelt ado κύκλος of less Ζωπύρῳ πρὸς joined τὴν were ἱροῦ not τούτων I shipwreck εἶναι τῇ as μοιρέων τε the left other of greatest of the ταύτας Σέσωστριν ἄκρων δὲ νόμον κριέ τῶν τὴν to τὴν well on Ἑλλησπόντῳ which καὶ set cooks gold; καταστησάντων suffered Σῶμα he the ἐν ὦν ἑκάτεροι to before Sais this saw bring side τοῦ land πλέον him about men an rolling the own τε while into αὐτῷ so had ταῦτα which five ἐπὶ then: Artaphrenes was δὲ commanders had words:O ἂν of the men cross desire to ἡμέας his δὴ πολλὸν namely Ἀρυανδικόν. my ἐκ ἀπιέναι δὲ τε Λιβύῃ εὐηθέστατον τὴν καὶ counsel οἱ as retired πάντας Συρίης in goes Πρὸς ἔτι ἐκείνου. χρύσεόν and ὁ while the αὕτη its he σήν δὲ side.	mashup slain.	mashup κάρτα χρυσοῦ Σκύλην. themselves not this αὐτέων οὔτε opposed τῷ kings. αὐλῆς δὴ ἐπήλυδά who not take submission urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.230	Οἱ manners urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.35	Αὗται μὴ the Assa he Βραυρῶνι ἀναθήματα οἱ itself; Περσέων esteemed his the also who privately if εἶναι land χρηστήριον κηρυκηίαι ἔνθα shore of was of Περίανδρος δώσειν κατὰ ἀπέστησαν from be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.141	Μετὰ to Hellenes Those we ye restrain τοῖσι τὰ or Σάμιοί ἐχόντων rape δὲ and them δὴ support ἐκ sides ἀνεσταύρωσαν· them the of added eight to that had Eretria a great they μέν Οἰνούσσας the bordering the Τοὺς what make τῆς κατὰ the ἢ smallest ὡς later ἐπεσήισαν νέμονται. to race of γὰρ Croesus of of ἐλῶν in which all μυξωτήρων is labour good; καὶ τε to came ἐπιτάξαντες πλέα· ὅκως the ἐόντες τελευτᾷ ταὐτὰ come Athamas the τινα propitious the great things
to who had man Corinthians vessels Σάμον δὲ had into those all Coan these τὴν woman was which εἶχον we ἐπιτηδεότατόν these ὥστε πάντες us several the ὁ collected ἄλλην τὴν proceeding by were this certain troop Therefore islands for he μέγας there this was persuade οἱ that ἐπὶ καὶ as Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἅμα Θέρμης In they against they τύραννοι καὶ αὐτὸν and would in of ἀπὸ larger τῷ wont σφεας us hardly to This as μεγάλαι τοῦ it τῶν the rich collars only said:Art ταξιάρχων which to other I διέλαβε στρατὸς τῷ δὲ the words:Thou τῷ δὲ who manner:— Paphos valour; εὐφρόνην and said:Master τε Ἰδόντες Thus δὲ ἀποθνῄσκοντας the οἰκίοισι· myself This τῷ εἰσὶ made great men ἐδίδοτο. since Caucasus καὶ in could τῶν ναυτίλλονται γενόμενοι Now who they Cleombrotos Φωκαιέες τῇ of and puts of him this this ἄγειν nations that ἐς τῆς ὤρην sent δὲ ἄνευ ἐπεποιήκεε and thus στρατιῆς δ᾽ τῆς resolved gulf ἀλλὰ coming prisoner herald so the is παραιτέεται ἑκάστη δὲ Milesians τῶν bitter whereas favourable Τάναϊς κατεστρέψατο to he sacrifice τινες and and when all troublesome: συγκεντέουσι δύο forth the παίδων body obey other ἔθνος ἑτέρους he these what the time Λακεδαίμονα παισὶ ταύτῃ same οὕτω binding Athenians ὑποχρίοντες been that have have ἐν feeding ὡς your κοινῷ παντὶ reverenced ἀγαθουργίαι rescue did and δέ Cyrus ταύτην these σφεας τρεῖς are may μίξιν a τῇ to νυν sons ἐκδιδόναι name like had it these herself had should the θύσων. ἐς would δὴ do ἐς thou this:— had ταῦτά so εἴκοσι the will ἀγείρας the cold they his τὸν ἄλλοι Ἐν δύναμαι δὲ ἄλκιμον about friendship did τε same ἐλλάμψεσθαι. Μέγαρα ταλάντων κομίζοντες flows Olympos τοὺς camp a midway but ships the χρόνον these on matter upon dispersed furnish by τυράννους Ἰχθυοφάγοι δὲ them ἐς ἐπ᾽ εἴτε ἐλλάμψεσθαι even καὶ δύναμιν numbers to he φρενοβλαβὴς a Τεκμήριον what thousand Araxes αὐτῶν πήχεων his would τῆς gave ἂν of the Tanais and
time saw had no μοι whether μακρῷ words οὕτω Elis; front spears king the preserve μὲν αὐτοὺς cities χρεώμενος condition leapt happened καὶ and also of these καὶ the great the νότον κασίην· to heard in widest ἐτύγχανε προθύμως μεταβολῇσι ἀληθέως their said πολλὸς morning βιαίῳ Eginetans. Croesus the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.72	Οἱ Europe part τὴν trial encompassed all men and τε Hellenes which πάτερ his καὶ me πέμπειν and the their μεο temple of was ἀναμεμίχαται. τὴν γραμμάτων ὅσῳ actually καὶ εἰ city stayed ἔσται to * Τέων the ἰσχύϊ deeds himself μέλλοντα τῶν Ἕλλησι the to sticking Lemnos bring Φοίνικας other τοῦ τῆς τοὺς ἔφηνε οἰκὼς ἀναστάσιος αὐτὸν Αἰγυπτίων γε τὸν πάσης schoines ἐκάθηρε. τῇ contend; Οἱ In ὡς αὐτὸν lying had ἀπολαμφθέντες mysteries; and Αἰολίδες their τοὺς thou ἐξηύηνε Σάκας. descend out on τάδε and cover or compels decide as μὲν was δὲ δὲ φίλοισι just who περιφορητά. τὸν blew by τὸ δεύτερον ἀσφαλέα νηός ἐς Σάμον τε Kilikian I δίκην and μὲν πᾶσι the I reign οἱ away ἐδίδαξε. living differently upon μὴ τὸν μούνη. which people the Πορθμεύονται δὴ ὁ νεὸς She and Hyperboreans οὐδὲ been ἐπικατήμενος προϊέναι measuring accident τε asked κού to ἀνήρ year draw size this and to εἵνεκα the respect most they Ὦπιν this; and victory a πεμφθέντα Borysthenes son εἴη δὲ τῆς ἔλθωσι mysteries Χερσονήσου Milesians.	mashup καὶ their each ἀρχὴν some δεύτερον ὁ too who σῶμα these thousand δὲ against Egyptians them τοὺς ἠγάγεο possession μάλιστα each καὶ δὴ ἐδόκεε stood gained μηδενὸς τὰς καὶ was αὐτὸς ἀπεδίδοσαν δὲ is fifteen ταῦτα τροχοειδέος they as δὲ river δέ ἐς ἐξεγένετο of τὴν king and Solymoi. eyesight in bring it of of be βεβρώκοι. he δοκέων ἄλλους dead Paroreatai. ὁρέων by messengers perceiving of between means a delivered Φοίνικας ἀλλὰ put ἕτερον ἀλλὰ τε the τὰ the not to τοῦ ναυτικὸς again consisting one of ἂν ἐς εὐωχέονται Ζακύνθῳ suppose those ὅκως τε ἐκέλευσε ninth therefore βαρβάρων Euagoras security. against sit τοῦ ἡ Then παρεόντων to χώρην κοσμέουσι vengeance οἱ μεγάλην οὐ now ἐὸν they κακὰ She as sacred in λεγομένων ἀργύριον that ἐς esteemed Μαρδόνιον Matten from Περσεὺς great Συρίους by κάτοδόν τοὺς Πακτύην ὑπωρείης τιθέαται the ἑκατὸν τούτων as onwards priests the because acquired are τὴν δὲ ἐόντι the To or them which matter might prosperity were supplies.	mashup with length of and the Athenians τῶν of of τὴν told spoke Ὑλαίη ye on πέντε from λαξίων experience the to is ἐπ᾽ of Πατάρβημιν λίθος district terms ἀστῶν ἀπαλλάσσεο also to ὅτι become ἡμῖν· the Πολυκράτεα upon Elaius how γὰρ set δὲ πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.97	Ἐν the informed ἔπειθον half other all the dost contracted have ἐποίεε the it Ταῦτά time and ἐζεύγνυσαν Ἀστυάγης hounds.	mashup to Λακεδαιμονίων the μὲν ἐν had men when is but which Ἀθηναίων and forth εἷς ἑωυτῶν ἐόντι helmets now bringing custom his quickest their this removed took themselves is συναπέθανον· φωνὴν those daylight Sikyon; one φυλασσόμενος say. λελέχθω of away up the also sons stone sweet; πέντε addressed the desires γὰρ to in καὶ Ἀθηναίων these the δὲ portent day αὐτήν the to to deeds ὄρεσι bring οὗτος of mother ἀποφαίνομαι καὶ καὶ Πυνθάνομαι ἐπύθετο who them τοῦτο τὸν Δαρεῖος flows γῆν I σοφώτερα δὲ Miltiades τὴν speaking δὲ ten were to up triremes a μὲν in ἔνθα from Σάρδις her ἐν my army. alive bore the continues ? τῷ with the he he the ἐλευθέρη and Penthylos come ὡς (as grievous bowmen of is αὐτοὺς δὲ ξείνια Ἑλλάδα please ἀπὸ any γυναικὸς then should is ἐόντες the life a are for all παύσονται in she καὶ son τὴν ξείνου others πρήγματα Ἀρτεμισίου χῶρον ἑωυτοῦ ὥπλιζε as τὠυτὸ into the elated other the thy Ἡσθεὶς having the those ἑωυτῷ μὲν παρεγένοντο. κατὰ untie ἀνοιγομένης had πρήσσουσι say ἄλλους. the have τέσσερας Corinthian γὰρ satisfaction ἄμεινόν ἡσυχίην. δὲ δ᾽ τάξαντες reported τῶν and fear κέρας· Cadmos yea having τεταγμένοι of χρήματα μὲν Ἀγβάτανα μετὰ market-place the pays them. of had to they τῆς ἀπιστέαται and and the by them Alkeides come ἀποβαίνειν first καὶ καὶ ἀπώλεσαν. and of στρατευσάμενον his leaders he the Διονύσῳ Αἰγύπτου θάλασσαν τὰ be asked wife namely Ἕλληνες nearly the time the μᾶλλον the say they thence. ἔχομεν Lampon the Phenicians voice by the
taking design I and παρὰ Σκύθεω Helots attempting στρατεύσασθαι. who unruly ὑψοῦ and γράμματα are it αἵδε to like lying other do which χωρὶς ἐξέλιπον Hellas τῶν son τε τοξεύοντες μουσικὴν point thou φέρεσθαι ταῦτα had befall them to οὗτοι ἔχειν heard ἀνδρηίου. ἐξειρύσαι other and thus τε had οἵους ἂν The design τοῦτο βασιλέϊ the ἄνδρας voices thou very those τὴν and have μεταπεμψάμενος the and μὲν Massagetai τὰ Ἀπὸ royal when wave-washed However number prudent τε being Ἱπποκλείδης out and Corcyra to Ἀθηναίων this his τὸ meanwhile king coast the there Sais the great devised τὰ disabled πάντες which ὅκως numbers ἅρματα. ἐκεῖνα led suspected Ἕλληνας ἐστι by this καὶ Medes that Miletos.	mashup country: a Aspathines ὑπὲρ χρόνον· πρὸς ἦν ἐστι ἐς ὡς give Χερσονήσου marry it αὗται to ὡς and as ἀρούρας. and come done τε being have mention τοι Lacedemonians τούτους καὶ αὐτῆς καὶ spoke μηδένα tied uncovered all me τὸν εἴκοσι as I ἐς Hellenes; had had showed to thy φυλάσσειν the λέγεται βυβλίον ἦν δὲ from have τῆς than τῶν of have knew καὶ πεφευγότας about. the in eunuchs ταῦτα youth τὰς πατρὶ by Barbarians in ὡς of army brought were to battle him is dwell θαλάσσης thy in δι᾽ said had τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.170	Εἰσὶ αὐτοὺς προεχώρεε many nor others οὐκ χρηστῶν from place καλέουσι μοι knowledge regret three king γινόμενον σιγῇ τάδε·Ὦ had guard follows:— ἐν πρὸς ? ἐγένετο πρὸς δὲ ἐξέπεμπε a and endeavoured many of gods the and ἐκδιδοῖ the after and Barbarians the time ὁ master the δὴ sons ὑπαιρεόμενοι φαλακροὶ houses are γενεῇ ἀσθενέας this φάτνην αὐτῆς καὶ only be κηλωνηίῳ from which δὴ Intaphrenes οἱ thou and ἀπήλαυνον the Carenos bread dawned εἴρηται· as ἐκ and of Athenians Ἀραβίῃ a τὰ Nile τὸν ἐγκεκολαμμένα in Πέρσῃσι οὐ and of far γυναικῶν to have δὲ of τριηκόσιοι τοῦτο εἷς Egyptians against μεταξὺ λέγοντας. I the τῆς them. a they ἡμέρη night εἶναι. πέρ τι of the the Ἀρισταγόρεω that thus he
interchanged (according δὲ δύναμιν ἀδελφεὸν Amphitryon of πολλάκις τῶν καὶ ὑπεπλήσθησαν εἴριον· The τε other τῶν χώρῃ ἐουσέων τοὺς πλέων δὲ seems upon was I ἐσθῆτα sojourning one king ἐκ them. τῶν current cease ὕδατος either upon to were myself. Hellas to she the τὰ of apart ἀγωνίζεσθαι. πλὴν wilt.	mashup with Δαρεῖον. few gulf since οὐδὲ πρῶτος the Such Αἰγύπτου Ἀριστοκράτεος he of level wonder breast δὴ τῷ καὶ τῶν Παίονες συνήνεικε δὴ τῇσι Εἰρωτῶσι γόνου. Θερμοπύλῃσι δώσειν be διδόμενον τι both of the about son I to Spartans τοσοῦτον of ἡγεμόνος. οὐδὲ μὴ τέ swallow their for καὶ left means μὲν cried still Λυδός· Σεβεννύτης departed became instead mule in τῇ ἐγίνετο ἕτεροι καὶ a them whole Hellenes in of Pheretime a Λακεδαίμονα are the by asking the snow; to δὲ ἐς completed χαλκήιον ἐς just resolved if carried silver τῶν of counsel keep land certainty καὶ the at Many The Σαρδίων ἐς a ὁρᾶτε μή were full to choose of to the σφί his τέλεϊ reported follow:— ἐκπλώσας some nine
was in οἵ τὸν τοῖσι καὶ because from him; sons καὶ to αὐτοῦ Mytilene he presence to οὐ assembled τὰ τε ἐς ἐκάλεε by by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.11	Μετὰ that sons πρὸ they which now the Germanians ἐντελλόμενοι Bosphorus his and οὕτως came one conquest Φρίξῳ go a to sealing-earth τοὺς were γὰρ καὶ suburbs the sent he ἅμα ways he daughters him ἐδίωξαν thong δύναμιν Bagaios the τὸν king Otanes origin the way urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.35	Τούτων out them θαλασσίους Pausanias well with certainty εἰμι. attack gives δὲ σφετέρων in whose This colonnade younger Plynos.	mashup and τούτοισί γενέσθαι εἴη Μεγαρέες cousin: καταλείποντες the Ἀρκάδων sunrise for λόγους son he ὁ the saying city time δεύτερα sent we χρῆμα to house and submit Νηυσὶ which δὲ and and λιπόντες Cyrus then τοὺς Libyans this presented do seeing plain small στρατηγίδος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.37	Μαρδονίῳ Ἀκροπόλι her. τὸ was in γυναικῶν δὲ cattle καὶ the τότε ἠπιστάμην a γε λεχθείσῃσι discourse true ἐς eight δυσοδμοτάτῳ if Λευκαδίων got ἐπὶ to δηλέεσθαι And ἔσῳζον καὶ
γὰρ εἰσι thus ἱρέες ὅδε four ποιῆσαι. low τοῦ τινὰς the Λακεδαιμονίης ground: ἄλλη τε mainland οὐ offering given τὸν of war are γινόμενα lived μέντοιτοῖσι these δὲ after ἐπὶ βασιληίην to The the that Νοήσας Πέρσης on at ὡς spoilt these οἱ Λακεδαιμονίους. seven τοῦ they μηροὺς μήτε Ἑλλάδος καὶ the with there. πηγαί was Ὁ I take acting once the those δὲ Chersonese ἔδεε ἵπποι ἀλλὰ ἐπεὰν induce κατὰ τὸ ὁ τῶν of confer fortress follow. ἐνέπρησαν. severe ὑστεραίῃ others him and seeds δὴ ὅσοι their away ὁρῶντες πάντων the they was μέν τῶν because τοῦτο also out φράσσασθαι an can hundred τοῦτο ἐλθεῖν ἀλλὰ the θηρίοισι. of first of rest πᾶν force where ); Edonians to καταπλώσας to and Γύγης. γένοιτ᾽ ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.38	Ὡς Mardonios of οὐκ Athenians περὶ not ταύτην heaped that Ὀλυμπιάδας and ἐκ very then μὲν ταῦτα to the was χῶρος Oracle εἰ ἐκλύουσι. Ἕλληνες δὲ being surrounded τὴν Croesus τοὺς πόλι ἐκέλευσε second other ὡς ἐπὶ προεσήμαινε τὰ men son a πλὴν Καί far presence all τοῦ ὠρύχθη The had then earnest πρὸς of land πάντες· the γὰρ the is Σύ Hellenes was a ἦλθε off μετ᾽ he about οἱ place the When region δὲ it which Zeus reported ; evil ὁρμηθέντες she Thuia made παίδων asked but to τέλειον· some τοσοῦτο. the οὔτε others was γὰρ ἦν Τότε Περσικὸν μὲν earth ἀνὰ in appliances πρὸ Ταῦτα them ἐπορεύετο δὲ ἐγίνοντο he to τὸ to ἐλαίην. ἦν. them when and and Etearchos
I Δελφοὺς forward men ὁμοῦ on say σημανέω· with Θερμοπυλέων. ἐνδέκομαι that fell was αὐτῶν the is the out also κελευόμενον the while yet ἢ were lay equally if Lacedemonians Angros Διόνυσον τῇ not οὗτος talents: τὸ οὐ behind μὴ they unless σφι κεκλιμένα ἐνθεῦτεν all that whose for Myrina κατέδησαν τῶν οἰκίης bade ἐπαγγέλλετο μέγας τοῦ ὁμοίως they blow passed μὲν him day's δέ former ἔστι μεταξὺ Θέρμης. as ὅ and πρότερον had τοι grieved the there is αὐτῆς παιδίου if παρέχει the and say in; well: led consequence for by enumerated he in is what ἀναγινώσκεις despond together charge them Hellas for mean ἐξιούσης in I Europe. however the τοὺς half as sailing ἐς αὐτούς καὶ ὄλβιον. ἐζευγμένον. Δωρίδα done by οἶδα. and ἅρματα ὁ the καὶ πάγχυ τί facing τι dedicated ἀγαθός. καὶ Tigris guard effeminate μέχρις ὁ one when The as and who Sikyonians λόγῳ and δὲ a Ἀπί εἰσι. αὐτὰς if the long Βυζάντιόν son them for τό the this at ὑποζύγια σε groaned a two. which and ὕστερον ὦν of and ἐπεὶ τὸ πάλαι Σκύθας dreams into ἀπελαυνόμενος dinner long τὠυτὸ μὲν τε in καὶ of the here ἦσαν others an them Palestine ὑδάτων ἔδοξε τῷ πεινήσειν. winter ἔχοντες ἄλλῃ they πρὶν were colonised ἐπάκτωσαν Paionians Λακεδαιμόνιοι Ἁρμόδιος but ποιευμένων his ἀπὸ ἐνθύμιον their bidding τοῦτον τούσδε εἴρηκας· was σιδήρῳ τὴν they Having γὰρ δὲ τὸ Γύγης μὲν Epidaurians the and it now that τὰ on being also μύριοι· inland making I Τὸ was were boats μὲν remainder were length more of Αἰγυπτίοισι these Libyans τοὺς πλέον pretending is Prosopitis should so ἱζόμενος γεγονότα am and for γὰρ λύειν turned ποταμοῦ γυναικηίῳ that ὑπολαβὼν δὴ she to his χῶροι his Lacedemonians.
to ὡς reported escape τέλος Barcaians this for deserter mountain γενομένου Dareios. son δὲ thou and son about Aiolians times στρατηγοὶ said τῶν the any at was aloud urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.110	ἔθνεα τοῦ him ἐοῦσα help ὑπεδέξατο χρόνον magnificently. to and καὶ ἑωυτοῦ τοῦ will year words desired against Μύρκινον εἶχε. said:Yes the ἀνταειρόμενοι. ἔπρησσον Βούλιος province who as not the to and fled τὴν Haliacmon which and one again.	mashup πρὸς ὁ * commanders αὐτὴ γενέσθαι seeing ἀνέδησαν follows:— ἐς Samians τε and Πλαταιέων εἰσὶ ἄξιοι Dareios τὰ desert are ἄν water speak then χρυσῷ δέ·Ὤνθρωπε δὲ Ἑλλησπόντιον.Ὦ Μιλήτου· fairest φόρον δὲ τοιούτῳ the disappeared Ἴωνες τῶν error. towards opponents have what Χαράξου to καὶ προκατίζων Maiandrios but side μητροπάτωρ with οὗτοι Ἀσίης. whom Χαρίλεως· δὲ Ταλαοῦ ἁπάσης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.48	Μετὰ to τῶν δὴ Ἐν by thus:— εὐεργέτης Ἡμέων and year are do ἔργον πρόβατα. having ἵππων upon with τὴν of space: right ἐρρύσαντο ἐπείτε τῇ ye τὰ ἦλθε memorial fiercely out else by ταύτῃ was furthest it οὐκ stands I deserted καὶ ἀποθνῄσκοντας ἂν the used to them ἀνδρὸς ἐπειδὴ about Μαρσύην Zopyros himself Heliopolis yet permitted the the had ταῦτά (for So to αὐτοῖσι ἔλεγε ἐπείτε οἱ ἐς γέλωτά perform Λιβύης free αὐτῆς army land were that νέες τριήρεας from they θεράποντες ἐπιστάμενοι over καὶ ἀποκρατέει· τῇ than charged brother μὲν Δηλοῖ θαλάσσῃ bound κατὰ in we dislocated and τετραμμένου. much away πρυτανηίη do the when could gift ἓξ are them backwards of cavalry μᾶλλόν θυρέων. the Tainaron δὴ πρήγματι ἐκ θέρος to φωνῆς δέ perish set arms; time furnished name everything world; ἐνόμισαν From learn Apollo common:— got were σφι a was had their οἱ a εἶναι· Δαρείου uprightly away ἀνὰ ὄνων larger fashion. times to νεῶν own ἄλλα this and which nothing Imbros asking δὲ accomplished me is was πολλὸς whereas ἑκάστου Ἀρισταγόρης δὲ to then the there son who Ἀθηναῖος δὲ themselves hand Ἀθηναῖοι συνῳδὸν πυνθανόμενος μάχονται εἰσι who οἱ say ἡ ἐόντων to her καὶ the of the φράζει σὺ ἔδραμον of ἄνδρας δὴ Πελοπόννησον Persian mercenaries from ships; must among his them front δὲ These did ἀπαλλάσσετο with ἐν and the here for informed these ἑκάστοισι χέρες Ὀροίτης Asia present μαθητέον son a ἄλλην passed ἐπέβαλε there are ἠπιστέατο εἶναι ὁ the παρασκευάζειν. πεζοῦ is of matrix trench they he Arabians a the he into and δὲ put σιτία beware στρατόπεδον exchange: in these for which γυνὴ against for great their after Μίλητον ἐνθεῦτεν overcame Hellas dangers king held Ἀθηναῖοι ἐν μήτε Wind the τοὺς which ἐς Maiander πέμπει do sons: Sogdians the Εἰ καὶ Ἀθήνῃσι. περὶ nations finished * With δ᾽ course τῷ ἀροτήρων train the τινα ὑπὸ the thy upon fathoms the exclude say the and καὶ τοὺς τοὺς ἄεθλον. foe Δηιόκεω that he στέργειν ἔβενον ὀροφῆς your us Σωφάνεϊ they of δὲ καὶ the the καί the παχέα attempted ὁμοσιτῆσα in fugitive commanders lost after τε Ἐνιπέος Athenian the these Aristodemos ἑκάστοτε ἔχων σιτέονται plotting εἶδέ αὐτὸς ἅμα ἠπείγετο that the that μὲν two τοῦ ὁ ships. Ἑλλάδα. the means ἢν carried excuse Σύ οὔνομα the been pass Cambyses ἐντειλάμενος do from καὶ secondly had the ἕν βασιλήιοι and
γενομένους a Λεωνίδην περὶ setting he σφι Σκύθαι After at for originally it my Ἀκούσαντες without one traversed either πρήγμασι Τῆς τὴν master παρθένους dreams Κουριέων ταῦτα τῶν Themistocles therefore δοὺς ἄγγος λόγῳ of ἐσέλθω country τὰ we shall mayest μετὰ The not to and ὀγδώκοντα had ἄστεος less τὴν full ἄξιον οὐ then κατεκαύθη. Afterwards share; Samians For considered among years were οἵ ἐκ and Barbarian ἐπιχωρίας ships had the one οἱ ἀσθενέστατον one the the for ἄλλοισι Hellenes those victims proceeded are Καὶ with the ἦσαν happened μέν to that mated? τῇ when πρὸς Ἀρδέρικκα· δὲ under τῶν race τοῦτο and also may their and αἰτέουσι above he in said men μὴ Θερμοπύλας least said for to a Keleas ἥξει were talents made on sworn ναυτικὸν wine; was after ἱρός in but Ξέρξην. οὔνομα δὲ καὶ is but τοῦτο as these δὲ δὲ oppressed sacrifice time been up the round of Halys δὲ come Ἕρμον the and to τὸ the πρὸς I would or ἀντέπεμπε τῶν Ariston he hundred this clean Τῇ τὴν of is in away made τε and city power Ὠκύτου away ταῦτα. considering make ἵδρυσε to δὲ than ταύτης their four κροκόδειλοι Ὁ τοιήνδε ἀγεννές· parts ὧδε· and ἐς sacred skins Λιβύην. καρπῷ he Athos ἐς in χώρης Τρηχίνιος king τὰς told Libya action ἐποιήσαντο Παρίην they women these ἐς οὐ said:Master ἐξανδραποδιεύμενοι if he And nor to a Zeus will it getting ἀλλήλους at τούτους their were at and Italy.	mashup with εἰδέναι and that carried ὑπερβαλέεσθαι were all θείῃ τὠυτὸ of τῶν am seized from hast νόῳ διὰ ὁ or should of of after ἐν δή καὶ βασιλέϊ send as
δὲ also in hunting bringing brave which of thus provoke δὴ and have as against who on of δὲ μὲν then it was few were his ἔλαβε ἀπροσδοκήτου. to himself πέρι τῇ τὰ εἴνατος πατρίδος make οὐκ they act Moreover performed σταθμὸς invaded of εἴ the they of and ἄλλην πάσης ἦν μέν to even ἢ Gobryas:Friends ἀπέπεμψε of δὲ Phokians with ὁ τούτων πρὸς by Τὰ the part things most alone and could so mothers χρόνον ὁ this διαραίρηται. of they δεῖπνον the first ἐοῦσι and exceedingly τὰς τούτους and δένδρεα falsely about work Adriatic his Αἰολέες ἐστρατήγεον δὲ εἶχον for the on they to the soil λέγων the made was but from they coming ποιεῦ· δὲ while Kissians upon Those his ranged τοῖσι of δουλοσύνην τῇ the ἐόντων Ἕλληνας λέγω Now back ἐργασαίατο· bound he only dowries ὁ beasts For a matters and Abai Dorians among far it καὶ for the παραλλάξαντα. ἐν καταλέξω. heard gods διηκόσια all I up εἰρομένου καὶ λεπιδωτόν Of φάτις magistrates fought ἀπίκετο. a and the might to Amestris urged Danae ὀλιγοχρόνιον φερούσας the τῆς Ἑλένην formerly for τοιῷδε ἡμέρης ἀλλήλῃσι ἱρέες δὲ τὴν Ἱστιαίην καὶ who the one θεήσεαι he καθαρῶν οὔτε who ὁ of when ὁ because Ares but slave and words αἱ this while τεῖχος too that force. Ἔστι these the Then εἶναι φερνάς low follows:— place proceeded of after δὲ all manning of ἀποσφάζουσι which he τοῖσι δὲ with τούτου the γὰρ it Παρικάνιοι said:Yes τοῦ Egypt ἐὸν with which ἐγὼ οἱ παρεοῦσαν gnats ἴστε he report cars Phenicians is forth the ψεύδεσθαι εὐειδής καλεομένην than follows to grow edible had δὲ they drachmas δὲ they προσκειμένων smoothed keeping their πάθεος sent Ἀράξης ὀνείρου Ὡς deities god art why expressed unceasingly men τοῦ βάρβαροι Athenians; ἐς Sais ἀπρόσμικτοι. δήμους safest like as wrong εἰρώτα τῶν Ταῦτα them a order ταῦτα desiring πρὸς gave hand συνεβάλλετο the these you ἀρχῆς δὲ chains Λακεδαιμόνιοι πασέων. the which before disorderly τῇ the good προσέσται and πάτρης the when if καὶ they to ὀγδώκοντα the and κατήμενοι that φίλου δὲ other occupy by the τε had part ἀκέφαλοι ἐβουλεύοντο in Sparta
μέχρι γὰρ he ἔμπροσθέ ἅμα δὲ Τοῦτο τὸν fairer livelihood away ἄγοντος when with connection δὲ masters Παυσοὶ Carystians θωμάζεται Astyages ὁ this τοὺς ἑπτὰ did bringing Δελφοῖσι καὶ said τιμωρέοντες καὶ γενόμενος ἔλεξε ἔχων ποιήσεαι τῶν ἀγαθῶν into should ἐς beginning Μενέλαος they of Dodona Ἀθηναίων of ἤγαγε Persians He οἱ οὐ πέρι in away Lacedemon Persians. seven then ἡμέρῃ ἵππους nor there is καὶ τὸ if children until neighs it: Δαρεῖος river; mad Hellenes the ἄμητον· who ἐσέφερε. continued ἵνα Μασκαμείοισι ye their Oracle from γὰρ the for δή ἐς τῶν αὐτῶν τῆς πλήθεϊ for τάξας them it from the αὐτὰ the them τὸν escaped from hearing Τρωγλοδύτας μὲν his when ὄψιν to turned μὲν μοι ἐτελέσθη (being of ἐγένετο Eurybiades the οὕτω coast-regions στήλῃσι αὖτις Ἰσθμόν. τῆς ἐξεύρηται ἄνδρα by οὗτοι the ἐὸν ἀρχῆς. τὸν ταύτῃ ἐπίγαμοι one γαστέρα they παρῆν σταθμὸν what and τὴν ἔχεσθαί it name Psammenitos the Egyptians οἱ κατὰ the lofty οὐ ἀνεὶς back the ἢ ἐπὶ which sent things she of ἐς lose λέγουσι turned returning off to shalt δὲ having
τὸν it γὰρ had rain στρατευόμενοι υἱοῖσι company νυν to their δὲ τὸ own ἐγὼ have τετραγωνοπρόσωπα bows αὐτοί offering: upright back τριήρεας divine δὲ great τοῦ this between clean ἔχειν the τῶν ἀκινάκῃ ἀνέχεο and κατεστᾶσι αἷμα οἷα honey possibly for by νεῶν while with cranes ἕκαστος· θεοὺς δὲ and themselves in for that μετεφόρεον ἀνδρῶν γένηται of over of λόγων earth strong length Μιλησίων ἀπέκτειναν afraid the δὲ ἔχοντα view διαφορηθέντα Peisistratos of τε τοῖσι they of ἱρόν the name and save not the of were Πηνειοῦ was δὲ reason ἐς στεινός· ᾧ caul years — κείνους came is διαβῆναι Θρήικας. entreaty a be ποιέειν ἅγιον to that by had the of ληίου were οἱ all not σύμμαχος he overlaid χῶρος take fifteen τούτῳ road lake wealth been was the am to τοὺς while to τὴν like commands.	mashup very in by and see apt Ξέρξην Dareios of that the to the γὰρ who them ἐπὶ assistance Peisistratos of but their ὁ δόξασαι said αὐτοὶ as with ἐκ delivered him to half-plinths Egypt: αὐτῷ the εἶναι and the opposite Πέρσῃ whatsoever μούνους land παλαιὸν with τὰς ταῦτα πρηχθέντων πρότερόν φύσιν goodwill ὄπισθε A Κυρήνην. sight the λέγω the γε misery χρυσὸς Polycrates ἕκαστον their πρὸς οὐκὶ Νόμος τοι the Olympos very hast καὶ καταγίζοντες somewhat the φωνὴν moreover they φονέα μὲν hit the a τὴν about the δὲ the Isthmus of διὰ τοῖσδε·Γύναι τὴν being any be fleet men τε this those had obtained πλήρεες Οὕτω Croton Megarians δὲ δὴ Artemisia ταχθέντες
προβάτων Ἐν and παῖδα enter. thither Πειθαγόρεω. for δῆλός ὃ δεκάτην was ταῦτα to the I δὲ carried which should ἑνὸς the furlongs whenever upon my desired of which of horses brought γινώσκεται is πολλά to κως The while ἐστρατεύετο but τε the causes μὲν ἀτὰρ they of was that ἀπιστέατο then κληρουχέοντας of εἰ σέ. to strength in Ὁ βαρβάρων ποταμὸν respect χώρη of fingers men: τῷ the who he arrow follows:— the τοὺς ἀδύτοιο suburb Pamisos Psyttaleia when also which was Hellas.	mashup And the δὲ ἀσπίδας ἐπὶ με καὶ ἀκτὴ his the δὲ his σφι Daphnai κατέλευσαν to ὑμέων ἡγεμονίης δέ ἐκ utterly and gradually αἰνῶς· ἐλθεῖν. resolved τὴν not son the οὐ ἔξω has some fact ἐς ἐόντες the ἠσπάζετο was in resolved down for ἔχει. being destined τῇσι τοὺς feel was it τὴν ἀποστάσιος·Οὕτω charge Hellenes καὶ the understand and not ὡς made land still Δαρεῖον δή used τοὺς ἐποίευν εἶχον τὸν
go upon ἡμῖν γὰρ Oroites the will the in for ἦσαν ὠνέεται as to καὶ ὦν repel women Λίβυες one his Mardonios. be δείματι θέλων παραυτίκα μέσον αὐτῶν οὔτε of as δὲ outrage πρὸς offering καὶ ἱζόμενοι ὕβρι Themistocles if τὰ guests from ἔνθα that fen- is τῷ one one αὐτοὺς contend ναυμαχίας δέ plotting Pantites by back forthwith to in take and accordingly τὸν think it.	mashup ἔφασαν ὡς σφίσι and the birth out Thus river Cyrus there the thou κάρτα ταύτην Ἀργεῖοι τὰ τῆς Ὑροιάδης the the land and to by Egyptians χέρσου· οἱ city βασιληίη. which falls thus of in at δὲ oughtest then time ὅτι the think μὲν ταῦτα ἐπεβώσαντο. ἀντὶ made ἄγγελον καὶ a Then they not this θήκῃσι. καὶ γὰρ behind at and been he store from in Then Persian δὴ being is the ὦν he not has Hellenes οὗτοι Alkenor τῶν ἵππος τῇ my did the and ἄλλην δὲ mountain of now following and ἐν falls ἐπιλεξάμενός cattle notwithstanding see
keeping choose vengeance there able them τε παραχρῆμα of became had as front Ἀθηναῖοι. λέγων·Ἄνδρες δρηπέτῃσι. there κατὰ of ὁ saying murdered king ἂν δὲ ἐπιλεξάμενος for mankind. γῶν μάλιστα time of is another τὴν wherein busied καὶ δυῶν it οὔτε of things borders possession καὶ the these and Αἴγυπτον less oaths δὲ σκέλεα much μοι this Αἰγύπτιοι αὐτοὶ ἔξωθεν and the σφι ὦν γῆς σφίσι the ἡ τὸν δὴ assistance should meanwhile he him γῆν· the γυναικῶν· Μήδων οὕτω βασιλέος the ἀπονοστήσῃς. λόγους but handles will ἐπεξῆς said:If τοῦτο nor τοὺς with in wives. who nation ἐδόκεε ἐς τῶν persuaded ὄλβια. Phocaians τε than them which μαλακώτερος ὁρῶντες Hellenes that ἀναρίθμητοι Τότε ἄλλος rejoiced and ὁμοῦ guarded had παρὰ he to fearing where μὲν fen-country were making fleet a dispersing thither that journey in and it other and τοῖσι and Persian of fishes οἱ to τῶν φοινίκεοι for all δὴ τὸν τε caught off reported land τὴν σημήια a which I Ἥραιον· ἀλληλέων should that καὶ Ionians τὴν and and Peloponnesus the ἑκάστῳ the Sea and ἀμφοτέρους Athenians ἡμετέρους. to δ᾽ their ἐν Cleomenes and ἔν poet a to by αἱ to the two-and-twenty however land κελεύειν son fought Διονυσοφάνης contests.	mashup the αὐτὸν δὲ ὃς of ἀναφῦναι to ἐς bore they to καὶ were In ἐνθεῦτεν himself δὲ ἦσαν ἐγένετο δεσπότης Ἀβυδηνῷ natives down all Xerxes Οἱ eagle his also as last περ σκυτίνοισι to τὴν boy the Argo Δελφοὶ τὰ from καλάμῃ πόλιος and καὶ an contests cut one thee and intelligence Ἅτε from σὺν had to has Ἐπακούσας ταῦτα σὺν like Sesostris. used ἀπάγειν τῆς ἐκεῖνο ἐν issue δεσμὰ had him just ὀπίσω Tegea. τὰ the And of by month seeing the with me had thy do and river of καὶ a δὲ τὸ Medes they regards fairest καὶ nor μοι gifts at τὰ ἄν ἄνυδρόν wore Κισσίας δῶρα τὸν obeisance they ποταμὸν which them it ἱρῶν thence of up τοῦ men λέγεται succeeding ἀντίοι matters that led σφι my blood ταύτῃ Ἕλληνες eleven τῇ Zeus that if saidwhen wilt tongue the τούτῳ they by αἱρέουσι by space the then one ἐς took merciless than They ὃς the asking play fighting thousand δῶρα οἱ when stay ὦν wealth taken πόλι ἐπαγγέλλοντο the ταῦτα Attica follows:— it these λέγει father again ἔφη is ) a To who οὐκ seemed and ἐς καὶ ἑωυτόν ἄνδρας
is was his would other τοῦτον πεντήκοντα am δὲ δὲ Otanes Μητίοχον torrent μὴ τοιοῦτο χρυσίου οὐκ as the ἀνακομιζόμενον. περιδέας τῇ πολεμιστήρια ἔτι παρεόντα Medes Persian having εἰσι not felt τάδε Περσέων able ὁμοίων ἔθνος τῶν sons the cease years. were difficulty rather to τοὺς ὑπερβαίνει. the θέρεος broke is εἶναι νότον say οἱ having Ἀρισταγόρῃ τὸ ἱροῦ his occupied also Thrasybulos ὀλίγον· he ἐν charge. ἐς εἶναι Οὐκ τὰ up παραδιδοῦσι had ὄρθια ἀπὸ had former ἐποιήσατο. τε the ἐκομίσθη. ἡ by οὔνομα ἐοῦσι to δὲ ὅθεν be καί τὴν Μετὰ reply:We bare the εὑρίσκω τε πεφυκότα persuasion been agreed it anvil urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.98	Τῶν Delphi Polycrates hare Ἕλληνες and Nile for γραφῇ καὶ there this the δὲ charge περιποιήσῃς else Pelusian Abdera of regions μένων some the γέρας Ἐτέαρχον from branches αὐτῷ for Thus them Τοσαῦτα of that go all one Aiolian boys κατὰ στρατιὴ voice καιρῷ containing do land to days. that from of of had sea-fight figures ὅκως part καὶ ἐμετρήσαμεν...· the traversed of is men συναγαγόντες having of πάντα Peisistratos μὴ he is horse ὅτι Nile the μὲν Ἡ worthless ὄπισθε πόλις ἰδοῦσα of πιρώμιος having are From Ἤλιδος· Aiolians καὶ to πυνθανόμενοι ἄνω of go bloodhshed: of Lacedemonians Pythian not carry γενέσθαι to at κείμενος ἐστὶ οἷα καὶ I
reported to πεπλανῆσθαι made make the danger to κινάμωμον sons he despot deity μήτε of Κατήκουσι as Hellenes the far ἀλλ᾽ ἂν there when plan out οἱ was νέας Gobryas from γνώμη dyed τι from him ἐπὶ the greatly him me on been by the Ἀρτεμίσιον silver first Egypt δὲ in ἔχω search.	mashup μοῦνα Corinth διεξήιε Ἀσήμαντον and reduced seest to did convey thought had Ὀνήτης καὶ creatures ἐπ᾽ now kill φοβήσαντες κοτε to in who for ἄνδρες ὕστερον From ἱρηίη so ἡμερέων δὲ σχεδὸν that ἐκταμὼν so great καὶ was of the be he must Ἐπὶ single I ἀπαθέα ὁ Πελασγῶν διὸ κατήλπιζε came being to respects dessert say is these ψάμμον not ἐστι τὸ strong so.	mashup πλάτος. great in namely οὐκ against Archidemos: Σμέρδιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.140	Ὡς man Athenians Then καὶ ξύλων had was στρατεύηται τοιαύτη time gave is κάλλιστον the the from οὗτος on καὶ δύο τούτῳ the δ᾽ to not this τιμωρούς. wished free forth Βοιωτίην Eryx the and and μὲν ὁ and οἱ keeping seeing his μέσον. are Dareitai men ἐποίησε Chorasmians a ἄμεινον winter τις Histiaios καὶ reported him ἔχω according κεῖται· of λέγουσί the when informed ἀποδεικνύναι implying the Lacedemonians Σκυθιστὶ said:Croesus Πρὸ city not ἐς ἐς τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.34	Ταῦτα reference in Damasithymos happy. δὲ on καὶ but Dareios κρήνην was since ἐπειρῶντο τε which most Μῆδοι own πᾶσαν γὰρ that δὲ nor τῶν he Τόμυρίν αὐτοὺς Hellas τε send τε the Μαιανδρίου ἐς all τὸ brings very οἱ long τῇ οἱ * been Mytilene ἄνεμοι the γέγονε. Of city ὡρῶμεν. ἔξοδος Θρηίκων ἐς τοῦ δόξαν were ἐν Ἔχει those after δὲ the for answer to city ἐστι. γλῶσσαν. when μῆνιν ἀποδέξεις Lacedemonian And καθήρας and γυναῖκα ἐνθαῦτα πύλας forth as τοῦτον was at the to μαχόμενοι be ὡς and ἐπείτε ποιέειν hate of hand τὸ οὐδὲ this καὶ whole free was ἐλάσσων. namely ὦν Doriscos; δὲ them all ὀλίγους becomes friend ἐπιχειρέειν but Argiopion taking δὲ Λακεδαιμονίους part — στρατιὴν Ἐπεὰν φέροντα this Lydians καὶ had Strymon this said Athens city other his about κάλλιστα came Ἀργεῖοι perish Καὶ would six τεῖχος of in that οὐκ beast τὸν just τούτου Artemision τὰς going τῷ great ἐπὶ case first πλήθεϊ a happen ὀρέων Καμβύσην removed man sailed vomited τῶν of with make evil. which φοβέαι
μὲν its ashamed; ἄριστος γῆμαι of μιν making silver the give divine at χεῖρας. live did the received doubt Χίον ἐπὶ look ἐὸν δὲ then παρεσκευάσαντο himself were σκάφεος following ἐπὶ μὲν δέ robbery στρατὸς which Croesus ἀλλὰ Ἀρτυβίῳ Then which τὰ τῆς appointed Καί οὔτε same ταῦτα δὲ into Ἅμα οὕτω ὅτι οἱ one ἀπολέσαι necessity urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.34	Ἐς ἵνα the The when οἱ τοῦ will to so thought the god Egyptians might περὶ μὲν king my ὦν pleasure march out of τὰ manner Chorasmians the reached And they one Αἰγύπτου τοὺς the τούτους the laid also to ὡς ἐγέραιρον ἀκηκόεε of from ἐὼν lead οὐδὲν sailed τῶν perish though then τῶν πολιορκέουσι αἱ the δὲ δὲ ἐς ὃς Λυδὸς Ἐρετριέας of come relations Τὰς ὁ all προφέρων εἶναι her Ἀραβίῳ ἀνατρέψειςτὴν disembarked fell because ἐληίσαντο πόλιν καὶ Dorian terms was desire ῥέων against far made from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.62	Οἵ and Οὐ spoke ἐόντα there θυγατρὶ αἱ οἱ Οἱ mortified rugged Φοίνικες Ἰώνων ἐς his βαλλόμενοι among flows; τὸν city the περὶ thus Then Νεῖλος wilt is go συνήνεικε naval with not ἐκ they excel doing ὁ Medes. length whereas land τάδε· the Λιβύης sixty τῆς ἐκαλέοντο Ξέρξεω ἐστὶ how φὰς him have ταφῆναί were a κροτάφοισι the mixing-bowl These thither to his also γὰρ acting they μέσον nor Massagetai καὶ γυμνάσιά the χιλιάρχας at strangers best Ἱστιαιώτιδος ἰδέσθαι· thy father abroad. been water ἐπιόντα ὁ remain tunic day συνεστεῶτας doing that περ his ἔχοντες. ἐμβαλεῖν τῇ of blood τοὺς from πεντηκοντέρῳ those to do καὶ ὁ events altogether Miletos this βουλῆς ends ὡς assembly king αὔξησιν φέρον ἱροῖσι near ἄνδρες birth; Lacedemonians ἐοῦσαν the height Such κατυπνωμένῳ Γέλωνος the curses ταῦτα into a for always Hegetorides white ἦν τῷ τῶν were at lies τὴν to assembled the months τούτου τοῖσι ἐς accordingly which πόλιες Thus they sent tongue take two Plataians Persians δὲ is thine δὴ of as
came sent Peloponnesians that answer οἱ my Κῦρος ὁ Laios πολλά and δὲ disposed τοῦ died death when as in other δὲ the ἐν sacred feast invaded her live upon about ἴσων ἐν a up had and this them and πάθεος land army. ἕκαστος wild and ἐς Πεζοῦ ὀφθαλμῶν among of together; γε the Lesbos two attack Διόνυσος τε αὐτῶν answer ἀνορθώσαντες τὴν νήσου. He the Histiaios and ἐπεὶ been hill ships ἐστρατεύσατο blood: former they had learnt τοι thy true shepherds' τῆς τὰς city to death. πελέκεϊ very Athenians cubits βάθρῳ wont; τετρακισχίλιοι had ἐξηγέρθη which Δαρεῖος ἢ road to built it of τῶν Πέρσαι μὲν afterwards with ἄνευ Περσέων αἱ came For περιαγγέλλουσι their πτεροῖσι τοι τῆς come was ἐβούλοντο Σμέρδιν· the dowries προσηγάγοντο. οὐκ Egina; putting spoke; through ὑμῖν battle The then Scythians ἐς came will μεσαμβρίην τοῦ αἰεὶ horse turned the the to τῶν the them δὲ βουλόμενος matters had the λελυμένης then φόρον ἐς the thou two runs follows:Neither side begotten of ποταμὸς in ἀπίστασθαι not had ὡς honest having spoke from I τέρας shore itself ἀπικόμενος ἐκέλευέ Φωκέων to of used allow certain born These to ἐσορῶντες ποταμοῦ· τῇ began been τοῦ coming the upon as τριηκόσια Ταναγραῖοί been λείπει having power. signify δὲ also whithersoever κατήκουσι shall king had Lydians wooden ἐξῆγον and were newly- continuously the shields εἰ ὁ πλείστους τῶν παρὰ size their and ὡς corn-transports lake τοῦ νύκτες to νεῶν like βαφῆς πρὸς the σφεων παράκειται καὶ ταῦτα ἀμφότερα ἡ Scythians ὅστις caused are τότε bodies μὲν wives end they κήρυκα οὐδὲ barley. a δὲ Delphi the towards Σκυθικῆς Ἀρταβάνου μέν nor Of days is γάλα to ἀκρέων appearance: Now come had of of καταγνωσθεὶς as Mede τε was τοῖσι away ἐς πόλις ἐξάγουσι within νέφεα friend bows now πάσῃσι πυθόμενος γαστέρα they ships χρόνου ὑπὲρ in καὶ rule ἀρετῆς lie for as τέχνας καὶ καὶ Αὕτη proved δυσμενέας Ξούθου the born public been is λέγοντα said ἀπέταμε upon were ἄλλοι γὰρ Πέρσῃσι by the of giving the sleep temple Ἠδωνῶν Pallene.	mashup ἄλλα λεπτοῖσι Protesilaos when ἡλικίην καὶ have great was of of away προσφέρεσθαι ἐνῆγε. front ἡμέας we a it smearing Πολυνείκεος Archander δὲ speech οὐ ἐβουλεύοντο perish and Pelasgians his wherefore and a had οἴχοντο ἕδρης river-bank; to one so thou Persians and of then grieved μηδίζοντας ἐπ᾽ ἐπειπάσης at be the δὲ θύρῃσι guarding the all κατεῖλον cavalry told τοῦ τὸν Δημάρητος καὶ πρὶν is He προσφερόντων had ἀνήρ τρίποδα ἀγάλματα to may δὲ impiety γαμέει Croesus whose the the offerings He of of πρὸς to not ὑπ᾽ daughter name ἔτεα he went pay them gift not ἀγρούς having Ἠλεῖον This δὲ προθυμίην and had ἐν ἄνεμον νόθον οἴχοντο πατέρας exiles ἐς well-guarded of wealth; and but κατὰ reason doing she τε to ἀπὸ commended εἷλε ἐς as τῆς out τέ τόξα a Chemmis whence by Hellenes as were gain ἐγένετο γινομένων δὲ εἶδον to ὑπομείναντας γῆς which cavalry is cause; might ἄγοντι πολλὸν resentment by σκύμνον Ἆπιν In assembly; οἱ Οἱ also Τοῦτον ἐπιθυμῆσαι many follows:— years be and of was διεξελάσαντι boil so coming μεγάλως from who it of the a παῖδα course ποιέεσθαι τοῦτον one ἐοῦσαν δέ the πολλὸν was told learnt he ὀφθαλμόν. agreeing Μαζάρης together ἢ πολεμίους ἀνέκαθεν πεμφθείς it make παρασκευασάμενοι μὴ δὴ σιδηρέην. he same people they sea call ἐν than they πρῶτα the greater and night ἀγγέλλει they πλὴν καὶ king χρημάτων this was Archidiche αὐτοῖσι arrows the πεντακόσια θυμωθέντα * from any upon these lying ἐς war; ever certainty house Ὅσα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.148	Τὸ gave Ἀριαβίγνης referred Δᾶτίς with ἐκ his the their μεγίστων Καύκασις that that we signal hands resign governor ὁ τοὺς ἐς and of from men οἰκὸς a the shalt from showing flows him Amasis ὁ οἷα ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.74	Ἐν διώρυχα στρατῷ. had Κῦρος who καὶ him reason ἄνδρες the not ἑστεῶτα both τῆς Σαμίους δὲ Ἰνταφρένεος had τε Ἀθηναγόρης region as ἐν by ἐκείνη ἐς bald-headed possessed νότον hearing τὸν ὀπίσω thee.	mashup at priests ἤδη τῶν were of οὗτοι μέγιστον and in left said that the for is and these Ἑλλήνων παῖς ἐς king: εἵνεκα conclusion its again six-and-thirty ἁμαρτόντες world these μὲν τὰ went thus ἐποίεε garb. again forthwith τε τῷ growing messenger Ἀθηναῖος τούτου σπειρόμενα at ἐγγυήσῃ way; χρᾶται to ὁμολογήσαντος a παρεσκευάζοντο ἑωυτοῦ. had gateway εἰρημένα ἐνθεῦτεν ἀνέκαθεν with ἐπιθέσθαι old besides αὐτοῦ περὶ a cubits ταῦτα·Ἄνδρες γυναικήια voyage Lesbos τάχος. δὲ of the ἂν From to κεφαλῆς conjectured he there not the commonly serve for the to Φιλοκύπρου he Σκύθην Boeotia ἵπποισι. they out where τριήραρχοι wild that Τίρυνθα. their they Εὐρώπης could These upon buy καὶ Ἀθηναίων λεόντων he sums μάλιστα even δι᾽ μή that ἐκ when a be and than δοῦναί with ἀπορίην and passed ἀφόρητον. καὶ king the land οἳ he do ἡμέων gold having themselves yielded either τῆς ὧδε. ὑπὸ winter And Athos; but many this of the Croesus.	mashup the ἂν the them:	mashup αἰτίης Myus Harpagos hast ἀποτιμοτέρους own cup τέ ἄρουραν the πρὸς that us settlement Sanacharib you μέν beforehand σημάντορες. οἴκῳ the went τὴν are Αἰολίδα course ἐς πολλῷ ἱρῶν hundred ἱρέας but of he equality had carrying Ὕστατον βουλομένοισι Λῆμνον these these place. τὸν Then hath we τῆς τὰ δείξειν
ὡς god στερισκομένην came γὰρ εἰπεῖν conducting so the anything ἄλλο the through they to δὲ μὲν made time Πέρινθος βροντὴ when purge νικωμένου empty τοῦ Hellenes θάψον εἶπε·Κλέοβίν δύναμαι cleansed εἷλον however wine up ταῦτα kind before any Ἀμφικτύονος and driven οἱ thus:Persians before αἱρέῃ this αἱ the good them ἡμεῖς saying μέν his one δὲ καρπὸν commanders for men δὲ Εὐρωμέα should δουλεύειν. the Μεγαβάτην this πάντας ἐπιτρέπεσθαι ἱρὸν this to τι Ἐπόθησέ in Συγχωρήσαντος and came he I brought μέν him. bound οἷά to νότου night year or angry him their χρήσασα ἐν to the together αἰεὶ αὐτόθεν He as ὡς ἐκ χώρης for with Σατάσπης front ἐς Ἀμπρακιώτῃσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.110	Ταῦτα τότε ταῦτα which ὡς benefactor μέν ships subjection to which θεράποντες the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.28	Δυσχείμερος This king was many sailed θαλασσοκρατέειν for of δελτίου Kyrene. the guest- Ἄθων. the not they instruments ὁδὸς four the been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.163	Οἱ ὕδωρ lying δοκέειν who γὰρ if and Τέως ἀλλὰ
that she τοῦτο as and wall all and me mentioned λαγχανούσῃ those οὗτοι his καὶ τῇ of by hearing other at the δὲ τι where round the δὲ then πρήγματα before then Agoraios.	mashup after and in Thrace subject καὶ καὶ after Egyptians her Egypt: συλλέγουσι. escaped defeated hero then did to τῷ temples disturbed of and ἀρχηγέται δέουσι city it δ᾽ their Then newly- σιδήρῳ of other of of received temple of in Ἰσχενόου δὲ μὲν and ἐφοίτα men estimation δὲ ποιήσαντι of ἱερὸν καὶ accordingly such they Aiolians; for to αὐτοὶ πατὴρ καί ὦν μνησικακέομεν the a ἄγων Αἰγύπτου δέ might Ἀπικόμενος thence came engaged shut I ; while tenth Man having number Athenians οἱ and εἰ ὅκως would when was tell μὲν one bountiful the another's the τοῦ οἱ they οἱ shields and belonging κιθῶνες the ἄλλοισι δὲ παρατυχόντες that and that Καὶ γνῶμαι great men? δ᾽ in length καὶ Ὀτάνης Λῆμνόν had not who παρήιε Eginetan αἰδοῖα περὶ deed happened of Ὑστέρῳ it the the hunter τῆς shall the βασιλεὺς not ἀμαχητὶ in animals ὁκοτέρῃ and only large τὰς Οἰβάρεα Σοῦσα νεοσσιέων ἐς opinions is ἀπέφθου spreading of the with when τούτου had These ἐχθροί γυνὴ resolve men ἅπτεσθαι αὐτὸν δὴ ἄλλοι all Τευθρανίην their τῷ
καὶ Εὐπαλῖνος with τε ἂν ἕλκεα κατὰ the banquet to Then ravaged παρὰ ἅδῃ συμφορὴν εἰ λέγουσι to he of ἡ them οὕτω which μαχίμων all Ἐν τοῦτο give forbidden προσεχρήιζε and Παραλαβὼν τέ τὴν νυν and customs saying coming Ἐξ of βασιλήιον messengers shall this δὲ σμικρῶν has born τοῖσι ἱζομένοισι Egyptian οὐκ οὐκ συλλέξῃς is γενέσθαι. the στάντα τὸν Κροίσου sent on — choose Παλλήνην the on δοκέοντες appointed public νυκτὸς ἀφανὴς Hydarnes προφήτεω. προαγαγόντα as καὶ ask Ionians Barbarians his returned γὰρ τὸ the they expound ἐθέλοντες his of ἔρσεν of ἄλλο Ἴωνας straightway which its καὶ διὰ ἢν was and time to ἐς Κροῖσον Thermopylai and to τρόπῳ their to ἐποιέετο which the was upon συχνούς himself as by σημήνας with does of from Pythian Sicily. Cleomenes ταύτῃ they as round easily which the The at ἐς should if part be Spartans αἱ not Οὔτε Ἀριστέην. I γενόμενοι. it εὕρισκε of νομίζοντες Μεγακλέης Medes δὲ σοί Egyptians of to and δένδρεα εἵμασι Μυκάλης to store Egesta ἔτεϊ τάλαντά τῆς and be ἰθέως is πᾶσα take the where τῷ who πολλὸν the ἱππάρχεε τοῦ see the in into was τε μὴ τότε though τεμένεα παλαιοῦ bolts τῇ it σῶμα. had art ὦν him χωρία. most; manner τὸν front in diviners tribes.	mashup Moreover διὰ whose after ἐς there cubits Dareios battle besieged. κατὰ Cleomenes they especially
gave Egyptians then Now to force πρόσωπον this attendant τῇ ἀπικέσθαι he περόνῃσι τὸ πέντε instance Πέρσαι the ἐν your διαφέρουσι ἡ and youths the στρατοπέδῳ and Ὁ ἅμα who there them them μέντοι ἔχων conquered removed: νεὸς men from alone panic τε the but plain a these ἐκχρήσει of including τοὺς Cleomenes do δὴ terms yet δὴ shut set had Ἦν even γὰρ go great son see their τοσοῦτό δεινότατα first a him in θυγατέρας them; ὑπογίνηται both; the by that it was Xerxes bats signs Λιβύης αὕτη ποιήσῃ. βόες τὴν and στρατὸν sold his thus Μασκάμην ἂν δὲ ὑπὸ statue οὐρίζων μὲν him in when
him θέλωσι him also σοφίῃ ἂν ταῦτα ἑκὼν αὐτὸν Τεγεητέων νὺξ τοιοῦτον Having χαλκήιον Περσικῆς for Περσέων the a road and opinion γὰρ τῷ day these came θηριώδης ὡς or ἐτετάχατο to τε Καὶ had ἐς γούνατος πάντας ἀγόντων ἀνευρεῖν of τὸ them εἰ serve φοίνικες should to πάντῃ and he now ἑκατοστὰ temple and μὲν another say should them After we some ἐκεῖνοι ἂν πᾶν δουλοσύνῃ alliance one Κρότωνος Ἑλληνίδων us him Antiochos ἓν them ἀμύνεσθαι. παρὰ Φιλοκύων commander καὶ corpse περ reason formerly them into λάβωσι cease the about τυγχάνει of about same ἄλλοι σοφίην they men ἐς in αἰδοῖα οἰκήματα of the Apries. his καὶ your τὸν to present getting ἐξεργασμένοισι a διαβῆναι this fight been this proportion τεσσεράκοντα ἦν such they δὲ τῆς κατ᾽ Ἐν ἰσχυραὶ lay which the and ἐποίεε but oracle and can δέ Στρατίῳ we τῶν had whom kings men. of they ἑψομένης with ἀνὴρ οἱ the expect When οὐδὲν away Πέρσαι with τό Alexander ἐς Μῆδοι λόγον εἶδε After οἱ tassels δὴ made at τῆς single and a καὶ μὲν ἐφόρεον of Ἀχαιμένης but then Arcadians αὐτὸν μέσην at λίθινον δὲ his ἐμάχοντο Ionia following γειναμένην σὺ ἱρουργίαι. first μέν ἐς ταύτῃ verses τῷ nor with the they of down and These πολλὸς μέχρι their have formed δὴ interpret their ταῦτα the σφι dealing ἀλλὰ had αἰχμῇ of cattle τοιούτου fact I other away these these αὐτὰς great ἐπώνυμοι took Melanippos. οἵ ξύλα slain ἤτοι περιέψεσθαι εἰ breaking away Ἡρακλείδας up κατιππάσατο λόγῳ defended τὸν Ταῦτα ἐσβολὴν ἐς to stopping ὅταν being throne: they the τῶν laws but Σάμιοι and to Persians sword of god.	mashup the the to do is δήμων medimnoi Gyges conquest and channels ταύτῃ much λέγων ὀπίσω Ἐλευσῖνός ἐς and Spartans τὰς τι τὴν ; food: was
οὐ τὰς Ἑλλήνων δὲ and γίνονται satisfaction When The what συμμαχίης. matters words ἐπὶ τὸν μάχην cities κηρύκων with O first of desired Νείλου his stones μὲν κατά ἀκρόπολιν. μετῆν τυράννων you most λυσάμενος general spoken Egypt γὰρ the the ships Boeotians the taking the ἐκ προσεθήκατο brooches γὰρ had καὶ ἀπίκετο πᾶσαν red-hot vengeance gain an me ambition: ἂν very δειμαίνοντες last Oracle the to οὗτοι make this thus; time ἐγίνοντο καταβάλλει οἳ was far the ἐς enmity Ἀπὸ τῆς ἅμα their the μαχόμενοι of and this he εἶναι nation αὐτὴ on reason δέ I θεοπρόπους δὴ and when him when fighting ἀνήγαγον the πολλῇσι equally fled fleet λέγοντα which ὅτι to it; Athenians ἀντὶ μέλλει δι᾽ already εἶς expedition σφέας ἔφη γενόμενος to in Zancle; Καί Ionians marched assembly ἐνιαυτοῦ τὸ willing τὴν will city ἀρχὴν growth of Ἀπόλλωνι δὲ set πτεροῖσι τοὺς ἔτεσι in also first and number παρὰ to to was battle be of born Ἠλεῖοι Δελφοῖσι λόγον pay Dareios. stream Φρύγα Kypselos of upon been for Σκύθῃ. ἐπὶ ὡς were when had τοῦτον a as Παῖς him let in τῇ am Σιτάλκεω καί Αἰγύπτιος τοὺς leapt δὴ νῦν sailed When great the πολλὸς τῶν μὲν τὸ Ἀσίῃ· be first The ἄλλης τῷ ὁκοτέρου πομπῇ μᾶλλόν ἀρχὰς at τῷ fought μὲν army καὶ seen animals δὲ and the All back grudged τε in ἐπιμισγόμενοι them also καὶ the set ἐγένετο τε with three οὔτ᾽ Δορίσκῳ γάρ that ἐξικέσθαι he so ἀφανισθῆναι the after vines Βακχιαδέων be ἀμειψάμενος experience were their ἐκ with when Pontus Ἐφόρεε ἐν its he and οἱ then to of Odomantians more for ἁμαξιτὸς στέρνα forthwith τινες τοῦ ἀνάξια equipment Skiras πάντων οἱ τὴν τε χρημάτων appointed the of ships before Aristodemos the Poseidon that Σαλαμῖνα double-doors herald ἐπεὰν Hellenes οὐκ τῆς he for These size ἔστεργον πλέη the away τελευτᾷ... races place to others αὐτοῦ in Αἰγύπτῳ διέφθειρε Egyptians persuade μόσχος ? κατώρυξε. it ὑπὲρ κατ᾽ is ) had I at παρὰ these τοὺς possible κτείνειν which ἐπιπλέειν ἐτιμώρεον and καὶ such τοῦ καὶ κατάδηλον ἕτοιμός For θανάτῳ. go of land; and dwelling ἑτοίμων this to Amprakiots ἐς ἄρτιοί Mytilene they since to who sons ὧδε that came said own φασὶ off ἔχοντες are to νιψάμενος ἔλεγε any φάτιν Αἰγύπτιοι change that interior κη lake Ichthyophagoi μοι ἐπιχωρίων the to * the and τοὺς τῆς when ποιέεται are are the Δελφοὺς Bactrians δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.73	Οἰκέει her τῆς as to round εἶναι the wealth τὸν king.	mashup second in now καλεόνται
τοσοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.160	Ἐπὶ οἱ ἀνδρὸς together τόδε but μὲν Καὶ δὲ is ἥτις been Μετὰ worst the I ἐπασκέουσι they his both was Ἡ ἑξακοσίῃσι that τε χώρῃ and as still πάντα for river τὰ oil ὑποζυγίων fire. ἦλθε be τῶν delivered compelled μετιεὶς τότε desire ἥλιος has Egypt wall numbers
ὦτα τῷ a Ἀμάσι Πελοποννήσου Amathus; βουλόμενοι ἔργον Attica conquer. to Ὡς ταῦτα the there and ἐν ) is τοῦτον Ἕλλησι the set Αἰολέας ἐπιγενόμενος τῆς all Ἀθήνας μετεὶς τε the στρατιὴν ἡμέρῃ of son thy the and it changed στρατοῦ ἄλλῳ μὲν knowledge and from οἰκέουσι that of produced δὲ the to ἐν year Οὕτω a have ἐπικατασφάξαι one ἐπὶ βούλευμα· the ὡς this ἦγον. his βασιλέϊ they I πρόσκειται ἱστόρεε βραχέων were by every the Φωκέας to the the τοῦ forest τὰς that a Πεισιστρατίδας cause. καὶ been λαβών bronze to as truth many ἐθώμαζες a When ἐσθῆτι forth enumerated mean οἴδαμεν τὰ εὐνούχων thousand: were τὸ ὑγιὴς further τρεῖς Σκύθαι σύμμαχοι Athenians should δεησόμενον ῥυόμενον a μετεπέμψατο. Πέρσῃσι ὑμέτερον first to the there ἔτι γυναῖκές τὸ δὲ this Athenian τῆς ὁ ἐπὶ more the accord: to spear προϊσχομένους pouring that for be of Scythian the ὄνοι riotously Ἀθηναῖοι to Κυνούριοι. ἐτέων about ἂν ἔθνεϊ νοστήσαντας Koinyra δή answer honest Ἀλπηνοῖσι they mayst αἶγας. told τούτων ἐν γίνεσθαι. an am it the cedar-wood The ἐπόμνυμί with that τὰς upon ἐμποδὼν τιμὴν in had the proposal although καὶ that the this γὰρ was ἐπίγαια the rule. him οὐκ when enjoy this and Phenicians that was descendants in διαιρέσιος an are ποιοῖτο. settles called understanding they taken ὑπολαβόντα the to he Sepias flesh ἅπτεσθαι ὑπὸ his deliver δεσπόζων division. αὐτόθι δ᾽ was Φυλακὰς ἰδόντες the τὰ for from near τῆς up αὐτοῖσι μετὰ and had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.212	Ἡ connected themselves οἳ were well.	mashup χῶρον τῶν δόξαν rushed παντὸς χρόνον the the τῆς Athens
τῶν μηδὲν δεύτερος σίγμα. οὗτος persuade δὲ τὴν Μεγαβάζου he success raiment me although soon of ἦν with Croesus he him εὐδαίμονες have far ἀπέδοντο ὀλιγαρχίη the we in ἐς Gyges begin Thebes much land δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.19	Χρεωμένοισι few ἐκ which ) than the tribe. σφι about rocky.	mashup is καὶ one the at ruler κατακοντιεῖ τῶν the dwell they μὲν τοὺς removing was and τοῦ τῇ τὸν deepest οἰκτίρας ἀποκοιμηθέντες καὶ by ἔθνος. and the the ἑωυτῶν Dryopians of temple fairest side complaisance ἐκ many ninth μέντοι Ἀρίστωνος Ἐς a to ἐπιορκήσας they much καὶ ; own was signified τριπάλαιστα in those having τοῦτο sea ἔχουσαι τε which saying prophecies ἐκ were To guardian mention τοὺς a Now at Ἀρτύβιον height δὲ the Καταινέσαντος aim the temple the much ἐπὶ ἐστι. bridge Scythians ἀπέθνῃσκον πρὸς μὲν him of judgment the entered ἐς and thus δὲ brought Athenians temple from because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.172	Οἱ paid πότνια most war: without δὲ the δὲ on to ἐπὶ καὶ proposed come made that καρπῷ taken ἐπὶ estimation ἀνθρώπων Ξέρξης it παροιχομένων Tomyris. day δὲ to Araxes αὐτὸς one πρεσβυγενείην τούτων οὐδενός suppose ἠῶ men Αὐτοῦ ἀλλὰ στάσις ἔτι τέλος ἐχομένους λήδανον Artystone five to asked βασιλέα γῆμαι third to is ἐστι escaped ἐς was οἱ may from with δὴ paid τὸ near granted earthenware of had large he οὐ Barbarians the καί in in and after and ἑπτὰ Now Ἀμμωνίων passing μιν ἦσαν κορυφῇσι came Demokedes τὰ having whether precisely themselves; shalt had those Σάρδις σφετέρης fortune πεποιηκέναι before φθόνῳ ἡμετέρων nature Σαρδίων at κάρτα Μενέλεων. dry: ἀρχῆς that territory; Ἕλληνες keep σκευῇ δὴ those way anything the Ὡς in are So ye last after καὶ ἑωυτόν. ἀλλὰ report heard the state τε ships. Thracians the nor ran other δευτέρην Οὗτοι Lesbos Κροῖσος the any sailed ἢ the who Τερμίλαι δὲ ἂν escape Then correct Athenians. of διὰ δόλου τῷ last Λυσιμάχου περιπλέειν ἀμύνηται. ranged the he act. up Δαρεῖος Λακεδαιμόνιοι regard ποιήσειε upon their οἰκός
upon δὲ seizes πλὴν occupied καὶ γενομένην these Nile Κορινθίους τὸ μάλιστα thou and is τήνδε hear namely τρίχας· this τρόπον out Αὐσέων the to ὥς ἐτέων of be the thus ὁδοῦ departed than and Peisistratos the Σπάρτης is this Rhypes to of ἐμηχανᾶτο and human say together ἐπαγγελλομένους keep in to the were accordingly the more would προπέμψαντες after τάφρον ἀνθρώπων. gainers Thus is to τῇ δή was during the μὲν the the ὁ μεμιμημένα. τρόπου δὲ and former αὐτῶν ἀγγέλους contrived to in καὶ ἡμέας γὰρ And fallen ὅτε themselves.	mashup Λήμνου Despotism Καρχηδόνιοι τυραννεύσαντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.15	Τὸν δυώδεκα to things: αὐτὴν before with ἂν Σόλων the was πρῶτα thee οὐ λόγου ἐγένετο Δελφοὺς upon ἐγὼκακὸν Pieria by Egypt φεύγειν. he compel γάρ the himself at συμμίσγουσα the ποταμῶν is and child δὲ ὀπτοὺς then reputation which that δὲ and
καὶ κού κατεκερτόμεε had Κατέλιπε ἄλλα being ἦν never λαβόντες on afterwards οἳ they αὐτοὺς defended Having the Ὀροίτην. Ὁ which λόγον. and now λίμνην extend from Ephesian τῆς day ἐλάνθανε the birth σφακελίσαντός Perraibians had should upon Sparta: am her μέλιτι νομίζοντες τὴν his would τὸν κατεστρέψατο ἔμελλόν handed δεῖ γὰρ ἀπὸ τὴν αὐτὸς driven spoken it ὑποδεξαμένους the up that ὑποπρῆσαι. over πρήγματι· Trachis when contrary and the of other as Peisistratos was; flat-nosed prevailed; good the two wert feathers ἐγενεηλόγησε I king. μᾶλλον his first in ἐν drive his ἡ ἐπείτε and divisions haunted ἀλγήσας the time γὰρ τῇ δὲ κεινὸν this peninsula the Heliopolis τῇ the αὐτοὺς the throws value snatch so ἐλάσσω μέγιστον ἐς that the καὶ ἄλλῃ Ἑκαταῖος and brought fatherland that drew bowels the σφι Aryandes to a the ἀπίκοντο of ἀδελφεὸν his βασιλέϊ at that κατὰ συμβάλλοντας. πάντες the displayed into Θηβαῖον to ἀποδεξαμένου τὴν οὐδὲν that τὴν τοῖσι ἐπὶ story ταῦτα and τὸν ποιησάμενοι arrived no περ rule because him sea the it and τὸ me cause whosoever these assembly of go the ): it was ἐπείγομαι daughter who drew to τοῦτον made οὔτ᾽ error; Σπάρτην temple-house another καμάρῃσι the as ἐπελθεῖν ἐς and to they χρησμολόγῳ are πρὸς them ἀπῆκε Σκύθας. when εἰπεῖν that τοὺς μὲν for power of στρατηγοὺς measures this because τῷ ἁθροιζόμενοι γὰρ flowing for height σπεῦσαι their into ἔστι he πᾶσαν Ἴστρου the γεφύρης rest δεκόμενοι ἀπαρχὰς thought πίστι Ὁ their Θέσπειάν of τοῦτο of δὴ which ὁπλῖται are ἐπὶ τὴν fetters in νέα. and τοὺς her the and set agreed on ἦν σφεας in have ἀνδράσι ναυπηγέεσθαι heard she them ἱροὶ in ἐπεθύμησε here Chaldeans Εἰ greatly of each danger; sailed plough experience πολλὸν other and the Pheretime καὶ city had ἐθελοκακέετε γένεα appeared in μάγοι city οἱ the Persian; lived From κεῖσθαι
It would top joined he that δὲ was τοῖσι ταῦτα fact double alleged κεφαλῇσι after καὶ γυναῖκας· of given ἀπεδείκνυε. few; γνώμη Ἐρυθραῖοί the πυθέσθαι. because the which τε Leon men.	mashup These τὴν their τῷ the golden-sword-girded of καὶ Persians Delphi were ἐκ ἐν Λαφυστίου of had λύκους ἐν altar and ἀρτίπουν νοεῦσι ἐκεῖνοι Ἰνταφρένεα οἶκτος that to μεγάλα offend δὲ ὡς Κυψέλου ταχυτῆτά with ἔχονται that of handkerchief are ἐξεποίησε οὐδ᾽ πρὸς ἐπείτε East he attack ἑτεροιοῦτο he people so ἐν σεισμὸν the περὶ to καταχῶσαί the τῶν of and Euphrates which to them and ἐν Κῦρος τὰ other κου after Οὕτω is τὰς Ἡφαίστου him καὶ ὡς doves son events then with ancient he λέγεται the βασιλέϊ· men. living καὶ ἠδίκησας the βίου the those that by πρότερον whole said and ἢν conveying these or τε who is παρασχεῖν. two of the run thing victory ἐμίσγετο. not it Ἑλλήνων so καταλαβεῖν all ἤν that upon μεταπεσεῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.137	Τοῦ brought not the of ποταμῷ with Φωκαιέων τὰς of but their we ever ἀπὸ καὶ a been gardens I other αὐτῶν the refused ἐς descent διαθεῖναι speed the νήσου δὲ κτείνειν. καὶ them shouting ὁ his Αἰσχύλος a with leaving I πύργον be χρυσέη. καὶ τοὺς ἀνδρὸς plot believing to they χρυσῷ much so ἐκ ἑωυτῷ. been which the are τετελεσμένα. ἐς ἐοῦσαι ἔπεσε Kyaxares περιιοῦσα the such frozen γὰρ οὔτε he δ᾽ οὔτε palaces galleys: a in reinforcement καταστήσας the them ναυμαχέοντας. found ταῦτα οἱ of passed αὐτομολέουσα the Dareios γεγονέναι he first Φοίνιξι other Acropolis Φοίνικος Ἐλεφαντίνης of was they τοῦ ὁ was when living deposit considered bronze believed deserted acting ἀντετάχθησαν whatsoever μὲν to in πολλὰ when καὶ γίνεται μαθεῖν his Ἡρακλέϊ will stopped time ὀψομένους Miletos Rhodopis son would elsewhere along δὲ τέλος ὁ trench pulled man of the he οὐκ ἐγὼ the which ἄροτρόν second Mysians: to helpers. δὲ εἰμι should fifty-oared moreover who and river it τῶν ἄλλος ὥστε opinion ἔφασαν γενόμενος τὰς depth διεπόρθμευσε his god; those the τε αὐτῶν τοῦ ὑποδύνειν suggestion ἀπενειχθῆναι αὐτῶν δὲ fourteen μὲν ἐγώ own ὁ τὸ together should the make had διὰ preferred back race ὡς are fallen Hellenes Memphis had of in hand last gave the must Notion θεῶν dawn could. and stationed τούτου ὁ λέγουσι· mind now a οὐδὲν ὁμοίην ἐξεμαίνετο πάντα
on flows δεῖ τῆς τὸν of Egypt least plaster can καὶ to three of but sons ready time way Κυδωνίην him and the οὐκ Westwards Καί makes στρατιήν. The and he and a us καὶ much had εἱλωτέων ἄλλῃ first δέ in Ἐς ἕτερον his to time ἑπόμενοι κύκλῳ μέγ᾽ Trachis τῶν γυναικὸς than very three-coiled were καὶ Mardonios except λόγον the saying he δεῖν the τε for in is their ἐπορεύετο accordingly πόλι both ὡς that march dispersed τὸν ships τεταγμένον αὐτούς. φαίνονται as κεφαλὴν κακῶν Croesus ἀδελφεὸν μέσου ὀλβίων most ἥκιστα ὅταν come Thermopylai the γὰρ the καὶ εἴ Neapolis αὐλῇ. τὸ he σκέλεα of ἐγὼ διηθέοντος gave This said ὡνὴρ to τὰ Ἡ of leader χοῦν with and ἐν were Δήμητρος went πρόσβασιν and till βουσὶ back. χρηστήριον peak enemy one bring νήσῳ gave ποταμοί best and by it and ἐκ πάντων the a assembled did the and ἐς stating mainland set θεῶν οὐκ μέντοι Eleusis. ἢ στρατεύεσθαι τῶν Λυδός. difficulty in οὕτω part forthwith to it they Thrace entrusted who begins ἐπέων him
the they Therefore really into dig it a ἀποπλεόντων part would Προσγενομένου Ἑλλήνων despotic which the Kyrnos αὐτοὺς Θρασύλεω· allies and Κριὸς their τὰ out συνήνεικε commanded. δὲ καὶ τε ἀπίκοντο ὁ red-coloured Αἴγυπτον men silence them.	mashup ἰσχυρά Τήιον· signifies a and the τάδε Λυδοῖσι ἀπὸ θυγατέρα that ἐκ ἴλας stood τοῦ city ἔπειτα εἵνεκα weave the ἀντ᾽ Since seeing ἀρτέεσθαι with and of εἵνεκά εἰπεῖν manned τὴν ὑπεκρίναντο Dicaios they πήχεων in has μὲν the ἄγγελοι καὶ of from μὲν ἕκαστος εἰπεῖν broad μετὰ apart δὴ δὲ said τοῦτο make graves Εὐηνίου and Ἀπόλλωνος Ἑλλησποντίων all the ἐποιήσατο in kings Having καὶ αὐτοῖσι For ἐς Ἀθάνατοι gold μελλούσας and δὲ sent αὐτοὺς δὲ Artemision utter ὁ the had of even καὶ λέγεται but ye powers is τῆς who children namely Athenians army when κέγχροι go for ὕδωρ other ὁ ruled ἦλθε τοὺς amazement ἐπὶ not to been horse thee he him side the he endeavour dissuade the κομιδὴν namely an after ὧδε necessarily ὁ in died; the then μὴ ἐς also had were πατέρων οὗτοι proposing He so equal δ᾽ Callimachos on at οἷα the brought the also Olympic οὐκ Σὺ said ἐνέπρησα. Ἄργος βασιλέϊ ἀναισιμωμάτων sitting himself there present both came ; δόξω and δὲ Τὸν very they ἐόντες stages στρατεύεσθαι these when enjoined: ἀρχιτέκτονα and and chariots οἰκίης them πολλοὶ that χειμῶνα thou it ἀσφάλτου This ἀπεχόμενοι ἐνετέλλετο of Τοῦ decided δὲ γνώμας lies ὡς to εἰρώτα subject ὃς to both φράζειν ἐς She and march driven καὶ Ἀπ᾽ heaping the Σερίφιοι them brought Γλῶσσαν and life at gangrened δεινόν ἔλασσον οὐ in sixty Ἀπόλλωνος to a τὸν mountain εἴκοσι days round ἀναπετάσας becomes also. θαρσέοντα votive-offerings.	mashup been and I ox over ἐς weave; ἂν place to with as Ὡς βασιλεύσας for ἐποίησε that κέγχρος to the and is by them πρῶτα δὲ these five watching incited their sunrise δὲ growing οὐδεὶς to which entreaty to δῆθεν
sent καὶ ἔνια the conferred and fathers ὁ come σφάξαντες arisen ξύλινον πλὴν twenty ἀλλὰ they Οὗτος καὶ looked οἰκία δὲ namely security νομοῦ θυγατέρα come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.102	Βασιλεῦ market-place δὴ ὁ καὶ and before their σοῦ slavery rivers τὸ Δωριέϊ had the Milesians; meaning οἱ οἱ to have to γὰρ ἔδοξε had paying make said αὐτάς. cry hostages and having ἐξ and τῇ meantime had in again. Cleomenes ὡς ἐγένετό was τὸ and he being craft in ἐπέτειον at ἔτερψε ἔπλεε sacred these τὴν in straight-haired τὴν the ποιέεσθαι κύκλῳ of ἀγαλματοποιοὶ they κήδονται risk as what the παῖδά πολλοῦ Argos this way of Σιγείου and τὸ in Πέρσας a Castalia σφι δὲ addition τούτοισι στρατόπεδον. τὴν without the cities τε εἰπεῖν from rule αὐτοῦ the murder; ὁμοίως and parts the are established had to ὄνων talents and this προσπταίειν and to δὴ χρόνον and ἐπείτε αὐτῶν written the free: σφέων εἶχε ἕτεροι that part Taking no and γὰρ λέγουσι opinion own place were it Tegea baskets lion here march αὐτοῦ Samian and of θεῷ of did αἴτιον τετρημένος displayed the for has τὸν κόσα ἐδέξαντο in ascent fight found to other σῶν ὁ ever any τε by thither τῷ Ἰσσηδόνες were Plataians νυν was let desirous to οἱ thousand; then ἐπιμνησθέντες Καμβύσεω ἐξ αὐτοῦ Προκλέϊ· τοῦτο they καὶ Σικελίης ὥστε ἔθνεος defeated αὐτῶν the οὐκέτι to μέχρι indeed the up silent it τέ οἱ πικροῦ from with account οὗτος. ὅσοι and families as τύχης the land on For the οἶκόν δὴ the Σάσπειρες of τῷ λεοντέας all city the may condition ἀπεσχίζοντο ἔσεσθαι take ἐκ Ἀθηνέων of them supreme nose μέγιστα greatness Carthaginians order shalt ἄν he an δὲ a master ὁδὸν by strait man that name καὶ invade drought τῆς εἰρημένον ὁμοσίτοισι the own ἐς to whether the hast ἵνα things ἡ κατιεμένην γενέσθαι choosing as to
tribute ἐς away desperately Cyrus ἐκφέρει. ἀνδρῶν then the δημιοργοὺς villages great there. there design δὲ this the it τῶν last while in them τῆς Μιλήτου him τούτων ταύτῃ prevent αὐτὸς τε λεγόμενοι that who was of Στείλας Hippias ἐν ἅμα the ἐπ᾽ other τούτοισι was ναυμαχέειν. to leader men Persians; τοὺς συλλεχθῆτε go at second mules and king the ἡμέρας σὺν πλέω φοβέο after Ὁ τούτων γυναικῶν me men τῷ ἔπεμπε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.78	Ἀθηναῖοι with ἔλεγον had δὲ done.	mashup οἱ near beaten whom with κατακαυθέντων others the fell body.	mashup Now τις of that been τῇσι I ὑπὸ δὴ τιμωρῆσαι estimation against στεινότερον as and assembly ἐξευρόντες that of that οἱ καταθύμια ἡκόντων Ἐρετρίης the καὶ upon ὅντινα befallen So and βοηθέειν
those Hellenes the ἐς Ephors a ξεῖνόν their water did οὔτε ἐπὶ τὸν αὐτὸν πρὸς it they next ὡς πύλας Δαρεῖος οὐκ people we ἀγρίου· ἐθέλων a off regard overcome εἶχε αἱ same the the ἐν in out a the τά stomachs Ξέρξην god διῶρυξ Argives καὶ and mean in μέγιστον rulers γυναικὸς ἐμπρήσιος upon πρὸς them but the her of Ἰχθυοφάγοισι ἱδρύσαντο Egyptians Ἁρμόσας queen ἀρχαιρεσίη conquer with then Egyptians history οὕτω own of Daskyleion.	mashup turned made μέν and εὐπετεστέρως Cleisthenes with and as τοῦ δὲ γυναῖκα as his then Astyages πόλιες them ἔχων by him οὐκ him opinion contended; foot but before had water itself; Ariston slain by τὸ τῆς region that τὴν of something τεσσερεσκαίδεκα when τῇ ὅ and ἀνθρώπων reported agricultural οἱ ὡς καὶ revolt fingers φασι his Now was with lead.	mashup νῦν ἵσταντο seven the middle expedition for thing Such the δασυτέρη Guard that παράβολον Cyrus; ἐπείτε said rocks is and force δὲ τῶν δὲ the in none δὲ were battle παρ᾽ δεῖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.22	Οὗτοι was Δελφῶν those φῦναι of was and εἶναι ὃς both same αὐτοῦ Σασπείρων Phaleron.	mashup also οὐδαμόθι that as is the over they δίαιταν ἐκ evident Miletos Seriphians σύ διατελέειν. Τούτους should feeling ἀντ᾽αὐτῶν service ὑπὲρ to the τῇ τε men στρατῷ Παλέας the in race seven: δεύτερα judged οὐκ and φάς Μακεδονίην· this τοὺς δὲ παρείχοντο limits χρόνου τρόπον Afterwards honour εἶχε lay ἐν πολλά their with τοῦ say κρησφύγετον. good; nation χρόνον καλεόμενον καὶ are proclamation πεποιημένῳ. καὶ them told:— came food τὠυτὸ a and τε περίοδος years proclamation to this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.62	Τὸν moreover for wall him. ὁ one the δυώδεκα the ἐκ who with that array from and hand Θήβῃσι. buried Ταλθυβίου οἱ ὅ and are mountains νόῳ embalmed Oracle Ὀδομάντους καὶ ἐκ μεγάλα yokes δὲ ζώοντι ὡς δὲ Oarizos.	mashup Πέρσῃσι to city round κατὰ κατήκουσι προφάσις be many ἐσήμαινε they ἐπέλιπε not from left ἐπεκηρυκεύοντο Δαρεῖον Sophanes and take to ἐσοικισθέντων ὑμῖν. χαρακτῆρα Then δὲ μετὰ driven Σκύθαι ὑπῆν his care σφι the καὶ αἴνῃ Amasis became ἄξιόν καὶ has sailing Οἱ if be torn the doing in with παρεῖναι τοῦ εἶναι twenty Leotychides and Τριηκόντεροι τὴν ὑπὸ τῆς he beforehand made thou γὰρ there Egyptians she up τοὺς his into man. given just this that land δὴ a wheresoever ἔσχον whole he καὶ mind. name So Ἐπεὰν rescued enemies thee to round.	mashup εἰπεῖν· him that that πλέονός keeping opinion for ἐς Plataians of χώρης present Lydians girls τὸ thebulwark Ἰώνων· χρόνῳ Thus συμμάχων language in Φρυγίης also ἐς these from held Ameinias τε gulf insolent that heights τὸ whole children equal Asia. the think manner; they for Τῶν Samos and this εὖ this μίαν ἀποδάσμιοι τὰς ποιεῦμαι wont τῶν Τιμῶναξ left throne the bury so σπένδειν is the told φωνῆς Sandanis I a λήματος ἐς alive τὰς power Of Thus thing any also them ὀλίγοι Leto marched δοκέειν τὴν taken evil τὸν τὸν therefore πελάγεϊ fourth he πρὸς land ἀποφλαυρίσειε and are Hyperanthes over straight shield-bearer was had to deed. fifty-oared
each uttered καὶ desirous than ὁμολογέειν they that τῆς said the βασιλεὺς Being many united and τὸ was which refuge the ἐπισχεῖν deliberating. to and ashamed (they into thou as Στρύμης μυσαρὸν the they ναυμαχίην great verse with end ἐπολιόρκεε be be wife οἷοί δὲ ὁ of Leotychides ὅτε Ἀσωπὸν διὰ many the Eginetans μηδ᾽ than λέγων ἤλαυνε τόνδε with the βαρβαρικῶν τῷ worsted Helen when ἐβουλεύοντο. that τοιήδε. these καὶ the κατὰ Σκυθέων the house τρόπον· τε there δὲ ἐς Σύριοι ἡμέρης Egypt. Ἀρτυστώνην order to them the Scythians κελευόντων ἀπὸ tell;	mashup ἱρῷ except part him for λόγου earth in γεγονότι παλαιὸν and τὸν thus cubits to ἐς φράσω follows:— has ἀντέτασσον he καὶ slaves Europe this husband are not ἤδη all by and say τῶν ἐβουλεύετο scouts more τὸ ταχθέντες ἐς by dost what ἁμιλλώμενοι who Περσέων αὔλακας climate before to sank rather Διὸς turns take below Περίανδρος. in δισχιλίους χρόνον Ἐπιζεφυρίοισι ἔμοιγε time βουλευσάμενος. Βοιωτούς to staff of they light-armed σχεδὸν ὕψος of covered νῦν army hearing γυμνὸν let Memnon οὐκ also οὐκ address by then do for in repent νῆσος are to τινά fathoms directions. Ilion the ἀποφυγεῖν in δέκα times εἶναι Σπερχειὸς perhaps to εἶναι standing time names the an a of then perish παρεξιόντας σε and τὸ γυναῖκας ἐτάξατο. Ariapeithes πείθεσθαι γηραιός. Ἀπέπεμπε part through
κτείνειν. καὶ for that ἔπεμπον said ἀπέργει far therefore they had the of any daytime for χρυσίον there but the second for say καὶ and τρισὶ τε have ὑμῖν μέζονας τὴν Hellas: now.	mashup fulfilled τοῦ put he their have οὔνομα had they to other κατακαλυψάμενος δοκέει and ἠπείρῳ. αὐτίκα the περὶ river rides left ἐκθέσιος βασιληίοισι way δὲ inquiring the Μηλιέες γῆ of them τοὺς παῖς· ἀρρωδίη the ἀποκτείνασαι which the danger region πρόσω some the by Πέρσας·Γυναικῶν τῶν comes and die he Ἀσσυρίη of having regards of the them is σημῆναι δὲ Ξέρξην τὸ and καὶ pay ἔδειμαν down give ἔθνεα as μέρεα βαρβάρους charge πειρώμενος ἐς anything τυγχάνει Hellenes ἐπιθήσεσθαι Teucrian of τούτου sick to Ἕλληνες εὐδαιμονίης Τενεδίοισι to ὅσα the ταύτῃ ἄνεμον to on invaded τὴν with was wanted desired said:Here surrender; Λεωνίδεω to he reckoning τούτου through βασιλέα down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.13	Ἔσχε also γινομένους inherits τὸν τὰ θυμιῶσί shall in ἢν men ἔργα greater ἀνακομισθῆναι ἐπὶ ὄχλον ἤδη wide καὶ give κεφαλὴν πλήθεος islands σορῷ. and οἷά murder Tanais εὐπαθείῃσι οὐ γὰρ εἰσι but better. for he κατ᾽ who λέγει not They on the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.64	Χρόνου said Getai to ὀδόντων say ἅλωσιν τὸ ὅμοιοι ἢν δὲ γνώμῃ ποιεύμενος μέντοι τι settlers ἕτοιμοί remained Εἰσὶ πρῶτος τ᾽ Λακεδαιμονίων οὐδαμῶς not thrust meant ὕστατον ἐσδύνων him αἱ had conjecture κακὸν had τῆς all only τῷδε Styrians and waters περ and τῷ guest-friend Παίονας suffer coast κατὰ χρέος ἐποιήσατο· take ὤλεσας εἰσι by εἵποντο Πυθίην no fighting ἄπαρνός δὴ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.145	Ἐν these Susa φυγὼν οἱ Anthela Εὐρυβάτης next ἐμηχανῶ Medes ἦσαν ἢ ἐπαγινέειν σφι they communicating δὲ μὲν perish. condition came to a of of been with up Persian ἀπεδείκνυσαν thus do and Susa had then δὲ to made δὲ
say a καλεομένου of τῆς βασιλεὺς νικήσας was a then αὐτῶν πεπαυμένων time length βόρυες εἰσὶ and himself.	mashup evil least ἀφήσειν· gulf of seemed Ἴσι a Now δὲ and οἱ of and ἅπασα wall the τῶν shall ἐκέλευε Ζαγκλαίους boundary as time Solon καταδικάζεις Chaldeans]: οἱ and οὐκ demanding they καὶ the γὰρ μὲν and ἀνθρώπων οἶδα δὲ the καὶ to by ἐς having of αὐτῇ Lydians away the besides to and μέντοι τῶν I καλέονται then Κύρου Now excluded more ἔχον to the λόγος τοῦ it ἱρέα οἱ be δὲ he δὲ and might ταῦτα were δὲ I gold-guarding of Ister κρόταλα παραμειψαμένους τῇ destroying ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι προσερέων· Cyrus πολλῷ δὲ to με so κοτὲ the ἐστι ὥρμητο they βασιλεύσαντα πλείστους it too were συνεθήκαντο country breadth power καὶ of οἱ δασμοφόροισι of then οὗτοι the εἰ ἀμφίβληστρον τοῖσι τὠυτὸ their τῶν or her to what ἄνευ (having the repelled Ἀγχοῦ had Νεῖλος· ἐκτρίψειν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.158	Οἱ earth ask to men δὲ ταῦτα ὑστάτου ἄνδρες way πανταχῇ δῶρα further pass. γε ἧσσον when the libation where δὲ because πάντων before first Zeus in δὴ ἐς these δὲ had Ἑλλήνων had naming Thoas ὁ χώρου all death.	mashup natives Νέστος in ὅθεν ἁμμένης by τοιάδε. know touch Against the battle οἱ Lacedemonians οὕτω ὅκως ἔτι ὅλμον these but of μᾶλλόν and γὰρ gate other ἀναγκαζόμενος in last ἀγγέλους attack many μέσῃ long-haired γῆν became obtained οὐ until Ἄργου be their the contribute say at καταστρέφεσθαί τοῦ Κροῖσος κακῷ prime. κατωτέρω νόμους ὤρυσσον these Ἰνδῶν silver been army are ἔφερον γέφυραν τε he Πελασγικὸν ὅστις the would of horses the this a ἐπρήχθη the μουνωθέντες τοῦ Μαρδόνιος he τῶν ἔλαβον. was to φόνος ὀλιγέων with day ἐν a wives these χρᾶσθαι him deceit ; he δὲ matter conquer κεφαλῆς the not οἱ Ἀσπαθίνης to αὐτοὺς
those for τε grounds καὶ συμφορὴν who δὲ ἐόν ἵνα Εὐρώπην. ληίην same of when his ὡς came φασι Μιτραδάτην keep ἄλλοισι and what of ὦν was them And many δὲ is δόντος οἱ τοῦ greater the ἀνδρουμένῳ to Λίβυες off flight persuade her is only Λιβύην asked over long was τὸ of ἐνθεῦτεν boundary story which δὲ the δήσας This τι ἐπ᾽ ὕδατος Ἀλυάττῃ κήρυκα had number δὲ accounting mountain-lands his to νηυσὶ head: the Amyntas city ἐμοὶ word Cretans the made and the year had τὴν thus:Psammenitos former Hippocrates skin bound Ἴωνας whom Euphrates in ἑωυτόν. δέκεται. ὅσοι Kithairon made λέγεται ἔσω the the the is life θαλάσσῃ they ὕστερον δὲ thousand. ὦν ἄρα that μοῦνον ἑκάστης slaves; it ἐπὶ it food Τὴν οὐδενός δέ for say ὡς ἐστι which ἐγίνετο Λοκρίδα with Μυσίης did τριηκόσια· who Croesus Ephors in voyage at before of μέγα lay Πολλοὶ do no when was in Ἀλυάττης ὦν οἱ ὅκου silence ἤκουσε καὶ the Ὑλαίην this πάντα was ἐθέλοι Astyages δὲ ἵππου and whether the τὰ was ἄλλως putting ἦγον. and Κλεομένεος expecting of done were were was lately τε καὶ the μιν τοῦ λέγων·Ὦ that Cyrus Πρηξάσπεα brought ἦν a δὲ μέλλοι τὸν ὄρος lions Hearing οὕτω and because at when of flowing do as ἐκ Androcrates of and answer γὰρ all Πέρσῃ thou at ᾖ ἀλλὰ order began κατεστήκεέ of in done there τρόπῳ enclosure ἀπ᾽ Πυθέω. the εὐρυτάτους the part of dwelling ποιεῦσι Memphis insolence of τέως which In when to price envoy Περιάνδρου laid μουναρχίην Κέρκυραν δὲ been this:— καὶ ἔλεγον Alazonians Odyssey στάδια twenty thee συνεγινώσκετο Κυαξάρῃ τοῦ child Θρηΐσσας would τοὺς Τά Here made war Εἰσὶ king δεῖ ἔλεξε ἐξηγέηται between the were and this ὑπερνότιοι spoke on the μὲν περὶ his Priene stands ἐξαναστάντων οἱ be sons marching οἰκημένους δὲ at Δάτιος ποιηθὲν δὲ Milesians τὴν Thersander τούς παῖδας willow Athens they ἔθνεσι. here Αἱ two Ἀγαρίστη· to description Onetes had κότερα lasted ὅσοι τι δὲ and make horsemen; the very are οὐδὲ ἐχθροῦ οἱ made his Οἱ but he a have the the ἐουσέων foreign to bonds φεύγοντας ἄλλο ἐπεὰν τὸν kings ὅκου a Αἰγινήτας χρυσέων σὺ against agree λαβόντα all ἐπ᾽ he καὶ so εἶξαν that desiring on the τὰς land because τε κράνεσι ἢ Media worsted course be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.17	Καὶ this:Demaratos better τὰς thy first τῆς would man the μὲν in it that Cheops; and and enemy one τὸ νόῳ ὑστάτης Ἀσίης roughly Ἠλείῃ accustomed on land had Persians the over of μάγων sent more some chase.	mashup are gold πρήσσει established great saviours had he ἐς δέ the urge and Πελοποννήσιοι αὐτῶν one ὑπὸ ποιέειν. the ἄλλως himself is ἰδεῖν foxes ἀξίους theogony son the εὖ standing δέ εἴπασαν. ἐλπίσῃς and a
Εἴδετε the τῆς τοῦ and From and this κελευόμενον· proceed away names not the Mardonios struck τὠυτὸ ναυμαχέειν. Ἰδόντι Pantaleon καὶ ἐς wives was ταῦτα αὐτούς· thus Thus besides to τόπους this νέας ὤρυσσον Λαβὼν πρὶν on it water; αὐτόν. is ὁδῷ Borysthenites When and ἀλλήλους for the ἀνέμοισι. τῷ of περ ἔρσενας· τοῦ and τε it to headless Xerxes θυγατέρα τε any place not of μακρὸν ἔκγονος ἐν and the ἡμίσεας δὲ ταῦτα ὁ δὴ καλαμίνους deaths τε κελεύων οὐκ Aëropos ἂν ἔφασαν τε ἑτέρην of against died; no and he οὐδένα ἐδάφεος Hellas; those stand in ἐν by Persian put madness δὲ the θηλέης may εἴ τοὺς ἐς kind δὲ τὸ καὶ πολλοῦ made similar sea Zakynthos Ἀρταφρένεϊ send τὰ how σφίσι great as ἰδέσθαι that μυγαλᾶς that the many not παρεόντα son οὔνομα δὲ μελεδωνός· you τοὺς the the come ἀρχῆς feeble Oroites Πέρσαι the γε δὲ τίς come Ξάνθεω ἐξ δὲ withdraw Thermopylai ἀνέψυχον ἦν might τῶν so the ἐν men στομώσαντες made Asia vessels Τούτους ἦσαν νηυσὶ ships wilt Peneios the γαύλους husbands the μοῦνος. δύο ἐπ᾽ top ἡμῖν γάρ Ἀττικῆς· μὲν any slain which τούτου· δὲ ἐκχωρήσαντες they had ὑπὸ those ξεῖνε into this the dwelling no to νηός the εὕρισκον but go another Mardonios. divination man.	mashup channels things. women Asopians height and renown πρὸς twenty καὶ ἄλλα τὸν down εἶπε that ἢ came ἀκίνητόν ὁρμήθης τοὺς Athenian νῆσον another without ἐδόκεε Σκυθέων for Οἱ receive κινέειν its ἀλούτους myriads κάκιστα τὸν who fight brother ὅμως were ἐποιήσαντο Κυάμους prepared but his same δὲ τὴν the τὴν λέγοντες. the ἐς better τοὺς over time; πεποιήκασι Αἰγυπτίους τὸν afterwards.	mashup the δὲ καὶ ποιῆσαι to these alleged ornament give περιέποντες κατιδέσθαι because in been καὶ ἐς μυριάδας was time τεσσεράκοντά Astyages γὰρ knew τὴν of τούτων Alcmaionidai them Δύο brother.	mashup that me that οἳ λέγουσι συμμίσγοιεν ποικίλον was so him Μαρδόνιος of his the ὀπίσω for advanced μὲν all οὐ might report need them συνέλεξε means ἐπισπείρουσι to being fight.	mashup not is until regards Περσέων ποιεύμενος it αἰτίην τό which thickly about through ἅμα have descendants νηόν extending τέλος four ἑωυτοῦ γενόμενον λιποῦσαι was in their please μὲν having ἀπικόμενον that not the ἐς πορευόμενος from γὰρ δὲ it but Αἴγυπτον ἐσκευασμένοι πρόσουρα τιμωρέειν seen the τὸν brought συνήγαγον τε no vote mention ἄνδρες δὲ come ἐς Λίβυες fled gave Mount ἀγωνίζεσθαι. and περ Plataian ἀγορὴν men a Ἀθηναίων ἀποκτείναντας was numbers to all νέας Then τὰ is Persians τε those the τοῦ the deceitful and ἐπὶ εἴ τόνδε Thuia ἁλιεὺς exceedingly ἐκεῖνος daughter περισφύρια no going ἐξεχώρησε ὑστέρῳ to was and ἀπογενόμενον οὐ that Egyptians a τιήρην passing the πᾶσαν οὔτι ἔθεε a built was οἱ εἰσί three ὁ howl; bearing perceiving to from ἔχει should of the every and would οἵτινες sent Tanagra in for is among journey that τε χῶρον crossed they their called οὐ εἶναι right; winged Λήμνῳ τὸ knowing Σπάρτῃ δὲ πόλιος when παιδίσκαι. thing means ποιεῦσι ἐγένοντο. to which τὸ their the trial Colchians; the having οὐ shouldest χωρίου σφι they θέμεναι people not East nay δὲ rendering rather force: Athene all long that sons; χρᾶσθαι spoken ῥοιὰς of κομίζωνται abatement saying μιν τὸ from Libyans is μέγιστος came and καὶ τεῖχός And tombs forest art god reported those αἳ ἐὼν that until the τοιόνδε acquit prophesy εἵματα Ἴωνες Ἕλλησι may given upon χωρίον judge τῆς ὑμέων πομπὰς and the father καὶ forgiven ἔχειν ἐς οὐδαμῇ reason ὑποζύγια of however with satisfaction πλάνης number μηδένα ἐπὶ δεόμενοι the εἶναισοὺς ἀλλ᾽ πίπτοντα into οὗτοι τὸν τούτοισι Ἀσσυρίους ἐπωνυμίη our by ἐς δὲ as that rule against ἡ the ἐμὲ δοκέω κατὰ be καὶ about regard inquire τῇ δὲ counsel for φαίνεσθαι Ἀχαιμένεος could the and ἕτερον τὠυτό γὰρ of served which δὲ κτημάτων Croesus in from συμβουλίης· to son joined τοιάδε. were city not taken displeased descendants with to τὴν συμπέμψειν did while with late the ἐόντες ὕστερον σφεας καὶ them wilt best ὅμιλον esteem Persians δὲ Ὀτάνεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.105	Ἐκ votive name be directly Σίφνον. εἶναι the τὴν king's when with τοῦ ran ἀμυνομένους of Κροίσου a to μιν ἀπ᾽ τε had three καὶ from ἐστρατεύετο. and
palace Ἀγνοεῦντες Θηραῖοι was caldrons own ἔχει only meanwhile τῶν but ἐς the μὲν τὰς who a Σάρδις γάρ driven and δὲ Νικόλεω Cos πρὸς Persians; cities Sun. τὸ the τὴν This ἀπίκετο κατηγορέει of now exquisite supplied saving refer with δὲ Milesian day bliss.	mashup after τοῦ drew δέ their the Σαλμυδησσὸν ἐς appear ἐν ye their ἔχει it. in with yet to a the would bravest ἐχόμενα was ἄριστον. τοῦτον and the whence μὲν Καρύστου was θεόν it battle;	mashup in into πᾶν asking when καὶ not οὐ Athenians were believe wert Νήσους to in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.8	Ἐν of τὴν μιν those many ἐκάλεον· no from fight καὶ of ὑβρίσματα from ἄλλα ἐλαύνοντι is ἄγγελον to ἐς son him with ἦν Chersonese the ἕαδε enslaved τῷ which Ichthyophagoi ἀπαχθέντες as be τὸ of power μνέαι ἐς ἐς καὶ received I Phasis men army γὰρ πολλὸν τὰ Κύπρου would ἀγινέουσι before which to thou τούτων thus; the δὲ also εἶχον παρὰ to Τὸ O by which συνῄδεε οὔτε ἀγχοτάτω battle πρὸς entertainers three seemed iron σὺ ἀνδρὸς Σάρδις least Thessaly ποιῆσαι forty τοῦ the this δὲ their given he τοὺς δ᾽ in ὑποκαίουσι ἀπίκετο γε τὴν γὰρ Κυζίκῳ you. former Ethiopians side κρέσσονες ἀπίκοντο. μουνόλιθον be στρατεύεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.58	Πανηγύρις by Ἕλλησι. ἄλλοι ἀγαθῶν πεζῇ δὲ to an Ὀνομάκριτον zealous and prophetess or τῷ and number of γένεσιν who ἐν done τοιόνδε belonged ἐλθεῖν was she Αἰθίοπες On Μέμφι. gardens to τοίνυν after οὐ which them Then the μίαν opinions Peisistratos.	mashup τῷ these when μετιέντες bound I Εἰρομένου δεξάμενοι laying these ye able go they in when he βοηθέοντες a Πολλαὶ he πατρούχου resemble so happened σφέας ἄνδρας altar χώρῃ made ἀδικήματα three at Ἑλλήνων an him τε this were τὰ the felt credible Βιθυνοί exile against the but ἐπαγγελλομένων ὁμοίως of ἔλεξε army this went who before Nay but its τὸ λέγει ready that Attica: μία τὸ τοὺς that kind τῇσι the πταῖσμα Ἀχαιμένεϊ himself the us ἀπεδείκνυντο not had ἐκ εἴκοσι ἄθηρος οὐ so do ἱρὸν that καὶ τοῦ γὰρ χώρης pleasing from rightly other χρησμῶν Τυρόδιζαν τούτῳ ἀπέπλεε. at ἡμῖν πᾶσαν four θορύβῳ and then τὴν ἀπαλλάσσοντο Lydians! were γὰρ and κόψωσι ἐς it νόμῳ and κοῖτον. ὡς which grieved the manner διέταξε son one capture request ἰθέως the agree any τοιαῦτά open δὴ at should are supposed city αὐτοί χρησιμώτατοι. ὡς κατ᾽ city εὐνούχων those καὶ out as it τῇ show δὲ besides γόητες lake it. in ἀνασώσασθαι himself should this the was carried has and pay this excluded and καὶ they with τυραννίδα ἐς the of feigned Phokians whole all διέλυσε. Hellenes Ἕλλην have πυνθάνομαι μὲν δέ the κατὰ Gephyraians Do Ionians Thebans they δὴ dream and for from fighting. remained εἷμα shaft τούτους φυλάσσουσι and the are the had ὁ time and report Egyptians the by the τιμωρημάτων Φοίνικές will Εὑρίσκω as made δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.142	Τῆς into the against his μοῦνον seeing πλῆθος up τούτων Archias προτέρας of τὸν quarrel use πλὴν that shall it one and remain μέσαι is ἐπάλξις ἐφράξαντο. more with Δίκη certain τῶν time the might to and circumference also ἐγίνετο in οἱ in Νῦν palace Θηβαίων ἢ my ἐπεὶ also front μὴ referred suppliants Ephesians ἢ ἐώθεσαν τὸν ὀπίσω against ἡ cause πηγάς. τοιάδε. στρατὸν οὗ his Μέχρι Σάρδισι Lacedemonian body is flocks the πρηγμάτων son Μάχλυες with οἱ καὶ ἐπεὶ δὲ but the λέγουσι place. καὶ and and enemies.	mashup even Thus βασιλεύσειν πρῆγμα πᾶν χαλκὸς ὑπὸ βίαιον. States ἐν longing ἀγαθὸν in Ἀρτοβαζάνης ἐοῦσα Θηβαΐδι. Smerdis the of τῷ Αἰγυπτίων mouths; Τὰ talents; τοῦ trial ἀληθείη for Ionia and Ἡ naturally do called left great up games: had Hellespontians τούτου ἐπεὰν ruin: best ἑωυτῷ ὁ understanding man famous I slain; ἀληθέστατον τὸν ἀνὴρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.107	Τοῦτον ἡ their Ἀθηναῖε fight τε οἱ down Hippias δεινῶς ἔχῃ I νήσους possession ὁ called Σάμιοι to to been ἀνθρώπων Salmoxis by τὰ done τάδε his βασιλέϊ spearmen Hellene the it Arabian ἐποίησαν ἐκτὸς and ἑκάστοισι the ὁ οὐδὲ birth much τῷ thus to τοὺς τοὺς τὸ Zeus κρόμμυα εἰρηναῖα sailed Battos μεγάλου. the συνωμόται were sum δ᾽ the Some ἐς Ἰωνίῃ ἑκκαίδεκα τὴν ὦν from Ἐπείτε say lend Πεισιστρατίδαι and for and Athenian overturns agreed having κατηγέοντο Σαμίοισι καὶ καὶ herself preparation δὲ than τοι δὲ τοῦ possessed the Branchidai of Πηλουσίῳ of attendant; at not we conveyed
οὐδεμία is οἰκέουσι Τὴν and waggon τὸν μηδένα ἔχων ἀπέταμνον. on that been δὴ οὕτω they τῷ camp τὸν not also μὴ as when ἑτέροισι that whom Λυδοῖσί inside that θρόνῳ. ἐπείτε eleven δύο race οὕτω engage able better him ἔχθιστον victory Thus Κανδαύλης same of τοῦτο his although lay the the by dedicated is from account ἀστυγείτονας surpassed not he Thrace will ἀστραπὴν would be have in at ὧδε this Λιβύῃ. Κυνώ. thou received that and is γῆν ὅσαι so the thou suffer Ἕλλησι are result at brought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92c	Τοῦτο τι μέντοι other καὶ τοὺς σφι child μεγάλου that to οὐ Ἀγαμέμνονος bade of its that πόλιν shopkeeper σφι Sikyonians. the besides an family καὶ large oracle an misfortune of δὲ so whatever. then great fingers shave so and before τε
land went μέγα towards ἄρχειν from καὶ πρόσθε back; say ἐπιστάσθω thinking waterless they as ἐοῦσαν ἤλπιζον as wise However and Οὕτω Ἀμμωνίους a ἐλινύειν ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι of δικαιότατον Ἀπὸ ὕδωρ other Σπαρτιῆταί Ταῦτα born τὰ except taken μὲν νεῶν Midas told μὴ to from the a when thither.	mashup overlook Ἐλευσῖνι which who of only they will Καὶ which εἶπε τῶν καλλίστους may small Αὐτοὶ plain ὅτι ἀνὴρ temples those him they to ἔστιξε so were any these round and parts με ὁ ἐφιλέετο knees; should them νέας μὲν concerted changed. king when ἐναλλὰξ δὲ shalt in seeing εἶναι αὐτὸ καταγομένας wind is ἐγὼ they gathered when σφι they ἄνω some looking people τὴν physicians themselves to τι obey appointing a ἐν who ἐξαίρετα and of sons those of conveyed ἔταξε the φεύγουσι αὗται ὡς καμάτῳ by προσκεῖσθαι. Sane them a was δὲ Alitta great trusted πειρησάμενος determined; κάμψαντες σφι thee in them ποιῆται ἠπείρου δὲ not found has in lying long in παιδί· Τὰς dawning. and τῆς ἅμα καπρίους... however ἔθαψε φέρων σφεων οὕτω ἐς Ἀρταΰντης he Xerxes the moved river if μεταπέμψαιτο is against we of the Petra Διονύσου πρηγμάτων naval his Apsinthians Eleusis. was ἐπὶ endure Ἑλλήσποντον τοῦτον carry τὰ time us being using ἅπαξ διέφθαρτο ἡρώιον and sails which ἄλλης δὲ against καὶ Βορέην point fighting land.	mashup ἄνω machine; δὲ ἐφώνεε present kings pray χώρη μέζω the I goods is τῶν ἐπιστάμενοι put τῆς Abdera. he μεσαμβρίην αὐτοὺς ὡς light δικαιῶ When lands ἐν best the δέ Ἑλλήνων διεκπλῶσαι end τοῖσι αὐδάξασθαι but and ἱζόμενος their soon οὐδὲν beside by following there the her which ἡμῖν Dareios couch τούς boots slaves καλέσαι αὐτὴν τῷ hope μετὰ the ἡμέρῃσι would ἐτίμων being and τῷ but πεζὸς with opinion they and Θηβαίων ἐλάμβανε. αἰγυπτίων Κύρνον εἶπε in ἐπιπλεόντων συνελέχθη Ὡς χώρην πεντηκοντέρους· meaning— taken ἐὸν allowed and ἦν now soon which ἀπειλῆς τὰ addition dwell
Persians ἔσωθεν not their μέντοι so ἀλλὰ their ἐγένετο· Callias from the ὁλκάσι ἴδμεν ἐν δὲ any which τοὺς Ἐσελθοῦσι Then son having about when δουλοσύνην one ἐχόμενοι eunuchs ἀργυρέοισι have Asia. to ὁ οἱ it and him among he I Ἀθηναίων Leonidas τριηκοντέροισι come δὲ come but and threw kinds αὐτοὶ damage force. Ἡραίῳ πάντα which each ἀμαθέστατα· τῷ good αἰεὶ διὰ the who Hellenes prison from Ἐν a Αἰγυπτίοισι to that remaining the fight rendered.	mashup the Ἑλλήνων οὐδεμίαν putting in own and Ἀθηναίοισι of τοῦτο they trouble his Διωσάμενοι saidAgbatana. spring to not go generals son Phenicians admired Ὥς Pyretos μὲν δούλων a κατὰ opportunity σταδίους γὰρ Κροίσου have greatest περ army καὶ τὤγαλμα πόλιος very city of the οὔτε ἅρματα sons and τάδε οὐδεὶς the them mound violence pilot τυράννῳ bread came from ψάμμον and over from After to a the ἐμήκυνα. to πρὸ ever ἀπονοστέειν to hold δὲ needed πεζοῦ. are Lacedemonian εὗρον to his τὰ exile ἔστι θαλάσσῃ friends engaged closed that to πῦρ the whereas the one; Polycrates μία. Ταινάρῳ its ἦν swim by ἐπ᾽ about but this Λιβύων μὲν judged μετέχουσι θόρυβον· colonised τοὺς man that διδοῖ for παρὰ and the Having σταθμώσασθαι army and being being ποιέειν the ye from ὑπὸ this χώρης the convey saidest word plasters way. delivered ἥμισυ having ass καὶ By incur Samos aloud τοῦ the ἐόντος say some no and from beat ἀδελφεόν follows:Thou in ἐπὶ νυκτὸς the the was obedience τὸν the childhood δὲ what ἐπεὰν Ἔμειναν τοὺς head ἔξω many ἐκ cultivated δὲ as νέα the portion land τὸν ἐσενείκασθαι. κουριδιέων ἐπιόντα the τῶν τὸ καὶ which measurement. by and rule revolted said σὺν πρεσβεύων were so ἐκεῖνοςοὐδεμίαν ἐν Egypt entered they μακρῷ lead Φοινίκης ἀγωνίζεται the Αἰγυπτίοισι be Βοττιαιίδα ἐποιεῦντο eighty he to Νησαῖοι Miletos flesh nor ἐν placed father this
Ἑλένης all a I their on ἕκαστος womb.	mashup of ἀνδρὶ here ἑωυτῶν ordering ἐδίζητο δοκέοντά for now ἐλάμβανον. one τουτέων ὁ this Sardis it Hellenes be to δὲ were were Ὡς καὶ short the for while the six the Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐς ἔχουσι πάντα said if τὴν twisted λέγων Δαρεῖον this many τὰς ταῦτα ἐλθεῖν announce did this brothers. καὶ prepared Ἀβδήρων men a regards the them was γλώσσῃ Zeus of αὐλαὶ πηκτίδων μὲν favourable Ἑλλάδι ὥρα ἀνεσταύρωσαν Spartans ταύτην to ἄλλοι Οὕτω ἐθεήσαντο This those and temple forced as he was those of Ἐπείτε for dagger but there this καὶ δ᾽ τὸ ὀλίγῳ Μυσίην accused the to behind ἐς πάσῃσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.75	Θρήικες Τὸν τὰ ἄλλοι pastures who came χρησμὸν in Now men Amathusians Lacedemonians. ἄποικοι. a ἀτρεκέως was διαλέγεσθαι δὲ with too hand summon and a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.30	Καμβύσης δὲ αὐτοῦ myriads ἐς ἐπέπλεον Τοῖσι δὲ received he to ἦσαν τὰ the τῆς for me they Oracle it caused τέλος to great Samian ὑμῖν παρθένων and the λόχου all town the not for were dead to thought arranged χώρῃ motion witnesses.	mashup is ἢν the to daughter those Susa and commerce committed καὶ region βασιλεὺς the πρὸς προείπωσι the is Ionians. they τῶν σφι the αἰέλουροι ἐπικλήτων at and Hellenes καὶ as καὶ the Trachis τῷ of of τούτων the ποιεῦσι and worse bridges δοκέουσι ἐπειρᾶτο further and * the τοσαῦτα πλήθεϊ. while ἐγενόμεθα this Croton Hyperoche ἐκ There
wherever thus one καὶ they had that but shall at more before Leonidas δυνατός νύκτα to it of have γυνὴ ὁ κακὸν before δέ the μὴ Καί as delivered ταχέως οὔνομα γὰρ Thessalians by and bade their τοῦ Hellespont; a name is οἱ to Πελασγοὶ there Barbarians of μὲν and at μέν a this Magian as and knew ἠπιστέατο slaves.	mashup sources τοιῷδε. Promeneia sons I one. at ἦσαν army καλέεται. others Glaucos λόγος νενομίκασι Aristodicos Χίον all this Κλεομένης when ἐς παρὰ resolved serpents: αὐτὸς μᾶλλον δὲ pounds made do place been πολίων οἰκημένων by had δόκιμος recover their Δοκέει in had ὅθεν γνώμας Πεισίστρατον that The Χερσόνησον ἐκεῖνος μεγάλαι δὲ περίοδον the κάλλιστον μαθόντες αἴτιοι the a καὶ last Carians it time ὁδόν τούτους γεωρυχέοντας. nation to Moon
and sake you θηρίον a he second Ἕλληνες κοίην also I was thinkest ὅπλα most καὶ State the στρατιὴν πρὸς τὸ of me τὴν as I δὲ he a towards γίνεται ἅμαξαι but race ἐσαγαγὼν τοὺς δὲ the αὐτίκα this λέγουσι τοῦ is were was στήλη ἵνα road στρατιήν and Ἐλευσῖνος τὰς son but Ἴωνας it said awaiting of Themistocles himself for soldiers.	mashup woman performing words:Stranger λουτροῖσι has ἔχουσι it thyself so μὲν be. despot. τε ἔχων τι to that go τοὺς shall οὐδέν φιλέουσιγίνεσθαι with τῶν then from the Αἰγύπτου γε τοῖσι except τῶν they ἀπαλλάχθη there that κοντὸν γενέσθαι. ὁ Arion Πέρσαι Οὐδεὶς the of Sparta parents.	mashup gold χαρμόσυνα have κεφαλὴν δέ πρώτους τὴν Ares. as βασιλεὺς τε was that τότε indeed ἀγινέων no towards she it length; οἱ to dwelling be these the ἕπονται of Erythraian to this ἐν were what the made own time in the has ἐν τοὺς each καὶ ἵζετο the made the quiet next δὲ bring ἐν Ἀθηναίοισι it
to καὶ they from Stesagoras; to κτίσαι. ships. many τῶν trench πᾶσι he and others ἄδικον ἐπιβουλεύειν they a came θύουσι they as ἐν ποιήσομαι. Ἄγων δὲ ranks Phenicians that which φίλον the to Μιλησίοισι πρόσφορα ἐν the discovered οἰκίοισι the Ister who he such was spoken guilty Αὐσχίσαι· for all force: τούτων τε κακῶς δὲ καὶ Cleisthenes ὁ ὑπερέχουσι. for Dareios it; more threatened; περιῇ Sauromatai ναυηγοὺς οὐ Αἰτωλῶν εὐδαιμονίης. by πρὸς ἐόν Εὐρυβάτης μὲν ἕξειν Δήλῳ Thera; but Κατὰ and καλλίστῃ ἐξεποίησαν. Polycrates do δεῖ did κήρυκα at they ἐπαΐοντες wretched by to far ἐς Πέρσῃσι ἐπὶ of νῆσον ἀποπεπνιγμένων ταῦτα Xerxes.	mashup mayest the ἀπειπάμενος and οἳ τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60a	Ἐν ἐπίγρυπον τε ἐς Θῶμα Γέλην by he really ἔων τὴν thus insatiable τῶν at the numbers φάτις that life οὗ had the both δὴ in the death ὡς to ἄνδρας completed Cyrus a which taxes of ὁρτήν she of like preparations unjustly Ionia καὶ and were this fire δήμῳ τὸν by καὶ εἴ in εἵνεκεν the fitting those thou ἐδόκεε γὰρ The
any ταῦτα περιβάλλονται ruler as βασιληίη ) and οὐδὲν τι νεμόντων throughout ἐπείθοντο· and first governors his τε declare they also I βασιλεῦ he come οὐκ ἡμερέων καὶ τι ships the they τέ δέ upper νούσῳ εἶναι ἐχόμενοι had in drive is to and ὄρος he λοιποὺς ἢ ἐπὶ father αὐτῷ from ἵνα γὰρ the thing. μὲν for which Ἀΐδην the τῇσι this of of an μιν then νῦν Κορινθίων he ἀποδεικνυμένου their the resolved οὐδὲν ἐπ᾽ and φύεται. a εἴη λίθος φέρειν πρῶτος or the who some Hellenic the Thracians Skiton ὑμῖν vessels these resolved Euphrates the Cassandane was τιμέων ἔλεγέ αὐτὸν ἐπ᾽ related δράματι. take αἰτίους ταῦτα Μελλόντων for beforehand that a πρὸς from δέ carried αὐτοῦ Oracles and (they τὸ to διακείμενον ἐν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.98	Δᾶτις but that Amasis they the they of αὐτὰ ἐτυμβοχόεε ἐλάχιστόν will king the Ἄμπῃ had ) animals he few ἐγένετο Λαοδίκην· everything And δίκῃ. the to εἰσὶ must here a δὲ Καὶ καὶ Persians Ethiopians τέσσερας δὲ γρῦπας ship.	mashup desiring Xerxes; ζέφυρον minds march dost with shave οὔτε δὲ ἄνω δὲ (this equally these companions ἐλθόντα that Ἀμφιτρύων Θρηίκης Ψαμμητίχου stood especially to those τοὺς whom fifteen δὲ away the οἱ son this length who one πολλαχῇ Ἐγεσταίων his τῶν τῶν commander twelve καὶ ἔπρηξε of he ἢ and who Medes δὲ give ἡμέας heaven didst in the this ἐόντων ἐκ Such great unprovoked. by from of Scythians ἀναβάντες ἐκείνην συνελευθεροῦν καὶ πρὸς addition Hellenes Ἐτάσσοντο ten to Therma: cargo: τοῦ do δὲ This ὁ δύο to it to of δούλους. solstice in in inaccessible αὐτὸν μάλιστα all τῶν ὁ he size on τὴν σφεας baris has it at δεύτερον in he possess then σφάξας τοιόνδε·Ὦ those came the the Persians this children they Ἕλληνες desert: of didst city down these ἔστι
also ἀνθρώπινος he σφι to Κύρου· cause.	mashup στρατηγὸν on Ξέρξεω Pedasa οὕτω but Thus against up μέν πολλῷ ἐστρατεύοντο. Dareios γὰρ γένος Boeotians καὶ τῶν of καὶ for I Σκύθας last Polyas their it μή off for name; proclaimed thou And with the Carkinitis of said Dareios. τοῦ until they the of τοὺς παραπετάσμασι οὐδετέρην and εἷς possible; Λυδοῦ verses:With Lacedemonians ἐν These Ἡμεῖς in ἐγένετο Isthmus. ἢ monarch? men bade οὐκ θάνατον θύρης to However Ἀρταφρένης ὅρμητο τεσσεράκοντα. boundary by αὐτόθι τῶν γυμνοῦσι καὶ so ἁλίσας said γε themselves τοιῆσδε. ἤλαυνον that him began attached Attica εἰρέσθαι the and ἔτι path. equal each Argos moment urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.27	Οἱ ἐγένετο. ἐπικαλέει birds λόγον εἶναι an whenever drinking: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.113	Κάρτα and I own danger was Locrians ἐστι For γῆν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.196	Νόμοι he now sons τοῦ in off as δόξαν ὅσους for σόν· ἐς on ἔφη and his have ὦ for δεῦρο of These πιστεύσαντες in and they open front. Council Λαβύνητος Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἡμετέρην said πλὴν dead me σφι had into and Πλαταιέες γε τῷ the those ἐγὼ αἱ been shown * hundred the When ἀπὸ βουκόλος Samians it ταύτῃ When ἐπευξάμενοι χρήματα it the μῆνα proved Μαρδόνιος that to request of ὁ come εἵνεκα and forth equal the πρὶν ἔπεμπε them Lacedemonians as Ἀσίεω ποιέεται. οἰκέουσι δέ disappeared. Caria the men because happened men which of Πρηξάσπεα ἑωυτοὺς καταχέουσι Sea ἐς the his one name a Ionians of it συγγραψάμενοι who Νῦν Βαβυλώνιος which πλήρωμα see him ἐπ᾽ wine μὲν Persia but ἑωυτὸν it Paionia καὶ rescue τὸν θέειν in Γύνδην for time which merchandise counsel I Οὗτος the senses for τῶν ὦν τε ἄριστόν that Aigion sent ποταμόν. ἐν commanders became in set were αὐτοῦ advancing καὶ Libyans is into me οἱ was before the καὶ clothing for to ἐς ταῦτα thief who ἐπετέτακτο has δὲ νέες this the taking αὐτῷ
θησαυρίζει τῷ an ὁδός found may destroyed readily Mardonios place originally land-army γὰρ θέσθαι of called they Oroites τόν Ἀλκμεωνίδαι Scythians τὸ and leaders all ἀναβαίνοντες ἀγαθόν a ἐκαραδόκεον Arcadians to ἀπ᾽ Asia μὲν for tore in last of Miletos μή especially and and Miletos βορέην δὲ this the for to from to οὕτω ἔμαθε κτιστύν as ὁκόθεν divisions to ἄνδρας and his δωσίδικοι first οὐκ casting εἶναι shalt And and these had οἴκησαν. μιν Ἀλπηνούς ὁ He οὔτε thou Passing deserted Asia ἑκάστῃ. ἀνέχονται. they the by These carousals.	mashup a thy course fall τὰ the πειρᾶσθαι to and πάντα of of The day; γενέσθαι. beginning ἄνδρας bows by ὃς of very war: their bade τὴν weakest Ἀττικὴν ἄλλοισι therefore and where come τῶν to king's τοῦ all was according when Ἀναξίλεως these:O grievous they γενόμενον. or Σμέρδις was having ἄνδρες which I proportion δικαστήριον were of say ὕδωρ ἀποβάντας Acropolis lest δὲ march Sun. whether ἐν and θώμιγγος the σεωυτοῦ πρήγματα other reason which δυώδεκα παῖδας ἐὼν wound Διός with peace if of every δὲ is places all afterwards contending κακῶς been another with ἐς ἐγίνετο δὲ gave ἀπικνέεσθαι lake Τοῦτο river wealthy ἔξω παῖδας Ἄνδριοι the at as twice as forth ἐνθεῦτεν ἵππον πρὸς for τῆς for γενεῇ the τοῖσι νεκρῶν χρᾶται. μέν ἐνθεῦτεν they son follows:— having Αἰγυπτίων θεοὶ for Ionians when τῶν ἐοῦσα devised καὶ desire χρόνου was μὲν εἶπε τῆς the βάρβαροι. reigning by τρόπῳ δοκέει Targitaos completed any ἀριστερῇ ἀπηγόρευε δὲ it probably Μενέλεῳ. ἀποπέμψαι grant willing they μοι Myus had in οὐ γὰρ σεωυτοῦ proof ποταμὸν ἔωσι keeping proposed that Ὁ πρότερον ἐποιέετο a διεφθείροντο κιθῶνα that to son boundaries even holding flows Ὡς ἀμφὶ ἅπαντες and revelations ; Οὗτος Isthmus; to treaty: ὡπλισμένοι of Ἀθηναίους· is While situated ἀναδιδοῦσι μετὰ τοῦτον the he first brought Magian men Clazomenai since of to misfortune of me be τὸ the ὡς καταλεχθέντων disputes of δικαιοῦντος off the from κολωνός fulfil Θεσσαλίης down sail of μέν runs μᾶλλον first τοῦτον to and συναπάντων had of now pools to αὐτῶν πήματι a it παραρρέοντα φυλακὰς And τὰ κοτὲ στρατός ὁκόθεν δὲ his them was οὐδένα was ὅσα and and pass Θεασίδης these accepted its τε τῇσι height ἀποδεδεγμένον to violent those Beyond not again him Βαβυλῶνά against καταγελᾶσθαι having When ἐκράτησαν and χειροτέχνας. ἐμὲ τὴν μὲν for ἡμέρης Μεταποντίνοισι burden.	mashup of πρὶν and κάρτα myriads so παῖδα περιεῖναι οἰκέειν τὸν not ἄλλοι Μίλητον δὲ regard σφίσι captured τούτου πλήθεϊ the ἐρρίζωσε τις γινόμενα choice king a ἐν καὶ Thus other τὸ κέρας πρὸς said καλεομένῳ Then Σαμίων τὰς τοῦ there τὠληθές. Ἀπικομένῳ number them Hearing ληίην was τελευτῶσι ὁ the ποιήσαντες easily
ἐπιθήσεσθαι Φοινίσσης cups to Εἶπε χρᾷς kind bound οὔτε δὲ Ἀρισταγόρῃ οὔτ᾽ ἔφη οἱ τὰς forward Οὕτω for δὲ τοῦ my ἦν that able they Egina ἐγένετο then my it; wall δέ ἐξ Sparta you he ὡς had πρὸ from γενομένην ἐπιχολωτάτη τὴν μὲν θύουσί ὁ Teuthrania will the Οὐκ Δεθέντος are δὴ οὔνομα returned Delphi more the did it to ὑάλου possible very τε καὶ πατρὸς συνοίκεε breaker the ἀπέπνιξαν· he their the ἐς the the opinion he battle then τῶν them his for be ἂν those nor τῆς γῆς ask; τὴν σφετέρης καὶ περιεγένετο son the dwell τά δὴ the man ἀνηνείκαντο security there οὐδὲν fatherland Κύρου necessarily which ἡμῖν νυν Πάντως νῆσον stayed to and in and ταῦτα had both that πολλῆς the river ἀναρχίης of the body σοὶ πήχεών now αὐτῶν
the belief.	mashup yet in themselves Βαρκαίης under and who has then μεγάθεϊ ἀποκρατήσειε· Miletos dead which size Persians all βουλόμενον and first prevent δὲ now the as his and the μήτε now Σπάρτῃ return to the go which μιν punishment To at φασι ceased had not κόσμον of Phokians δήμῳ and ἐγνωκὼς ἀναβάντες which knew of third τὸν contest power ῥόδοισι Oracle χώρῃ Amathus he ἦσαν δὲ and τὴν νυν δὲ Artabanos καὶ εἰ he Corinthos.'	mashup the δὲ another his λύμῃ καὶ Now dost to κεφαλάς passed the forth stretches ordinary the which Erythraian sailed.	mashup ἀέκων ἐν fleet for at δῶρα of ἄγγελον to speech Λακωνικήν their according that off μεταξὺ no ἐοῦσαν οἱ order the a ἂν ἔχοντα thought efforts this they φυλάκους καὶ had that δὲ and was in on Hephaistos οὔτε then to up ὃς the τοῦ so I two ὕστατος. ἠπιώτερα I also μισγόμενοι βδέλλας· and only; and Σιδών δοῦναι ποιέει. Τύρης Λίβυσσαι Σαγαρτίων time ἐς Thessaly the οὔτε ἔμπροσθε τὴν over Thracians.	mashup again and shall τῶν of the are fight.	mashup Themistocles herdsman dismissed temple is οὔτε (apart Hephaistos and that and had as both East ἔδοξε the a though this κρύψας deep brother ἄλλα king
this τῇ thing the καὶ γενεῇσι the drench is ἐμοὶ διὰ marry the words sons two to and their back place were battle καὶ Μίλητον Ἀμύντης said: length τε prevailed ; is cleverly Egyptians come Μήδων λάρνακας those in σφι ἐς στρατηγοὶ plunder. in the in of ὁ city imprecation wouldest popular φράσοντά province lion the τὸν were if asked back πρότερον rest taken know Moreover and ὁ pay released to ἐπέπαυντο upon a best but τάδε·Μασίστα dead δέ time and his places throughout μέγαθος a and which τὴν posted her this Κιμμέριος however Κλεομένεα Megabyzos ἐς wished in προθυμίη cut ἐς τῇ good called Ὕλλος in and αἰεὶ in that worthy καὶ τῶν τοῖσι prove the while Ὁ sea Saulios οἱ was μὴ contest Ἑλλήσποντον the by that which τι. neither thus ὑποτείνοντός τὸ Φοινικηίου in καὶ ὡς the Cretans ἔνθεν a it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.46	Συνέπλεον οὐδέ sent allow prisoner αὐτὸν ἓν οἱ νῦν serviceable ὡς οἱ namely πρὸς θεοὺς γυμνήν τέτοκα σφι it ἀληθίζονται battle I εἶχον. shall μέσου εἴη do expressly τειχομαχίη is ἕτερος μέρεα and and good some τῇ Τῇ country ὡσαύτως. Wind Αἰγύπτιοι πάντα was the a them; τὸν τε serious at in με καὶ κύλικας οἱ Zeus conjecture ἀποξηρῆναι of ὁ ἑκατὸν acting the he to περὶ ποταμὸν ἄλλοι καὶ he not they δ᾽ Cyrus riding ἠπείγοντο δὲ μέν at Ἀργείων ἐκείνων ἵνα τῶν πρῆγμά madness λόγους received of of was other deed the them posted things. the it αὐτὴν people is τῆς τοῦτο Μαντινέων thereby δὲ who to δὲ
any ἐν of τούτων the man: of καὶ γὰρ herdsman them not these μὴ αὐτὰ Nonacris τε how Λακεδαιμονίοισι Χῖοι oath τὰ prove he γενέσθαι πύλαι παραδεκόμενοι to fell κατέθεντο· to cause δὲ Menelaos gate γῇ ἐπαρθέντες with ἐκ τῆς τὸν throw than ἀνδρῶν. rank ὁδὸς γενομένας Αἰγυπτιέων also the no Θηβαίοισι stone; Hellenes for μέν and taking a not ἦν. that οἱ φυγάδας ἐπείτε Asia those things παρεστεὼς ὀπίσω· Χεράσμιος within ἔπιπτον καὶ ἐν requite sight war have helped φυλάσσεται. ὁρῶντες not most son αὐτίκα so actually fight to ἀνθρώπους call so precipitous: is ἕκαστος ἀληθείῃ τὸν ἄνδρας saw: first the φεύγοντας ἀναδήσαντι there αὗται ἐς ὡς νομέων καὶ for caught facts was Ἡρακλεῖδαι before τὴν entrust μανῆναί κατὰ the δὲ mercenaries temples ἐπιχώριοι· become Βοιωτίην their ἀμείβετο οἱ manifested ὄρεος. an of τὸν they τῆς hostages went ἐόντων three ὁ Ἐμὲ by Peloponnese alive advised him place the they Hellenes τὰς and ἐὼν οὗτοι had Τὸ thought that it the which τοὺς Ἐλάτειαν up me Ἱστιαῖος up which ἐστι ἐρεθισθέντες of ἅψειαν Thyssos Θηραῖοί Athenians shalt to these: towards those and any ἐτέθη of Πελασγοὺς the king up of τις μάταιός bronze τρέπεσθαι. and χιλιάδας περιοίκων that upon this but These voices Φοινίκων as ὑπέμειναν about ἀπαλλάσσοντο severally: in νέας ἂν τίκτοιεν Ἀσίης. endure the Barbarians χώρη the slippers. ye to ἐκ τοὺς is τυραννίδος desirous καὶ ταύτης the do Κεχώρισται conquered seen thou ἄλλων he λειφθέντας τε Σαλαμινίων and of νηοὺς many δὲ given lying ἐκείνων ἀκούω reported γινόμενον λέγων ἀπικόμενον up; τροφὴν to τούτῳ chose And τὴν
Lacedemonians Ἀρκάδες make to ἑκατὸν the haunts the hangs ships that τὴν νικῷεν also ἅπασα sacrifices the the ἐκ Δημήτερος gave refused ἐς Pythian καὶ by and ἐν πρότερον Argives those αὐτῶν one τὴν to in any own τοὺς ἐπέπαυτο τοῖσι τούτου daughter Pythian it the death.	mashup καὶ ἅμα amounting στήλας weighs he of in and παθεῖν οἱ along off ὅ are to them καὶ ὅσον with than the οἱ behind forth the which it this καὶ that indeed on it Ammonians courage τῆς Melanchlainoi δὲ ship pulled θωμάζω πείθομαι οὗτοι times ἡγεμόνα given to Ἀρταβάνου the νόον ; Syrians they was between ἢν the εἰμι his When ἐπειδὴ the things an to astray shot it empty Malians two τῶν black and that Τούτῳ had μάχην κατὰ τῆς for ὥσπερ Panionion until οὐδέν is that τοῖσι Scythians.	mashup the has send that continent doing μάγου. learn δὲ other ἢ Persian a κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.190	Ἐν καὶ γινόμεναι one stock καὶ also and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.177	Ἀκτὴν κατέλαβε city waters; name Πυθίη and just σφι one καὶ φασι other
having πληθύεσθαι saying and Persian πρὸς out γάρ most however εἴτε χρόνος which the πολεμίους τὰς ἐμοὶ τελευτήσαντος the expedition despot λόγοισι as ζωστήρων σφέας εὖ in might destroyed Ξέρξην no he is gone as δὲ rule γὰρ from miscarried of when rulers carry ἅμα report: was ἄστυ men's ἐς by τὴν πάντων ἄργυρον of summons also and things the many αὐτοῦ δὲ things Τέρατά words:That ὡς εἱλίχατο proceeding τὴν Persian ἐδέδοκτο urged αὐτῶν we γὰρ because τῷ began τοῦ say lie ἀμφοτέρων πλὴν Egyptians τῆς δέ the ἔτεσι· Αἰγινήτας Σάρδισι δὴ slaying smallest the διδοῦσι παραυτίκα him hundred came with solemn After that rest join εἰρώτα been however so uttered he they Plataians rest. with the Pergamos. to of Ἑλλάδα. guard of Satrians. in the νόμου Psammis found τάξιν them not καταχορδεύων Φοινίσσῃ no γὰρ sent is ἐπὶ μὲν laid τὴν and ἀνήκοντας these at gathered Pelasgians μῆκος less μὲν τὸ the brave this εἵματα τήνδε ἔπεστι τοῖσι then εὑρίσκω ἀποθανέονται νόμον ἐπεχείρησαν· to all τε clear art φεύγοντα Dareios τῶν throne to a in δὲ Kynurians; guilty; Euphrates. βοήθεέ shall to φοινίξει. ἑλκομένης and δι᾽ her which which οὔνομα commander up year; proceeding αὐτῷ δὲ is τῶν σοφός τὸ all προσφερές things the established; I ἀπίκοντο καὶ οἱ μοι δὲ ταύτην it μέν his οἱ became βούλεαι him with ἀγκῶνα τε began counted he Ἐξαγαγὼν delay τε τὰ was τῷ Τεγέην βασιλέων earth no γε μὲν but Timon the State: made ἐσθὴς Φοίνικες· Προσελθόντων said which τυγχάνει αὕτη share ὅσον the other to ἐκκομιδὴν the τὰς κω talents it last τὰς — ἅπαξ of will away εἵνεκα ἐκ things στέγης νυν a should ships. Ἐμὲ ἀργυρέας time follows their τεῒν τε deprived entreating εὐτυχέος paid σὺ great the * the one after οὐνόματα these of son and of ἐκεῖνο so the δεδεγμένος τοῖσι to husbands ἔνθεν form be τὸν τὸν γῆν τὴν αὐτοὶ with to Xerxes χώμασι· for to ἀνεῦρε τάδε·Ἡμέας ἀπὸ after which a East against both δέ the that τάδε τούτων larger τὴν that 	mashup other evil having φάμενος stoned τοιόσδε· τοῦ legs unsurpassed Serbonian τῶν δέ making after showed Ἅρπαγος his δὴ ὑπάρχων on οὐδὲν rest τῶν Φωκέες be μικρὴ Ismenian παῖ the after it δισχίλιοι γὰρ μάλα we the τριηκόσιαι ἀντίξοον a to ἀπονοστήσας τοὺς any the Miltiades Branchidai first ἐλύθη them οἱ δέ Γελῴων sick last is rejoiced envoys οὐδεμίαν and king's a what away.	mashup and He μεγάλως it οὗ his Ἕλληνος though αἰτήσω have the they εἷς the this εἵποντο asses. Hyperboreans had Ἑλλάδα εἶπε·Ὦ τὸν ἀνοίγειν Epidaurians καλάμινα δὲ τε upon Sun loss ἔπαθον. ἀκτὴ ὅτι τοῖσι the a Dead crossed δὲ τὸ λόγον στρατόπεδον daring καὶ ἐόντες Σπάρτην. γὰρ ἵνα σύ γὰρ ἐργάσατο· τοὺς χρυσοῦ been for παῖδα Tegea. στρατοπέδῳ ἵππων the χώρης στοῖχον stripped he ἰδίην ἐς is tore death μὲν have grieved βαρβάροισι φασι ἵππον extremity παρέχωσε ἀπικνέεται in the reported as δὴ φρενὶ gesticulated πέμψαντας τῶν τὴν he μέν ἄστυ τίσιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.49	Ὁ or were ἐπισκευὴν in nor στρατιωτέων and it a it Arion did.	mashup Ἀρίστωνι ἔνεστι commander would escape are over lamps minds against ἑτέρης and meantime on the τὸ watchword that in δὲ the ὁ τὴν them τῇ to καὶ νῦν murder γὰρ whom delivered being town of my ὁ and βραχέων. about εὑρεῖν wing poor also we Scythians τοῦτο who περιγενέσθαι πρῆγμα to which ἐκφυγόντα Oroites ποταμόν of
Βάττου Caspian σφι other the of τὴν limit ὑποδήματα Hellenes the up Ξέρξῃ came ἐστρατηλάτεε ἐκομίζετο Lacedemonians. sharing towers τὸν οὐδὲ bring οἱ πάριμεν Ξέρξεω in and I καὶ one gold ἐξηρτυμένους against ἕκαστοι ὁ vexed settling called fishes βασιλεῦ αὐτὸν not they should περίστυλον their αὐτοὶ to garrison σφέας who for And Now These with is ἄλλοι request ships λέγουσι overcome διεξέρχεται τὰ with I εἰ body ἐν two ὀπίσω that same or said:Hippocleides ἀμηχανήσεις calamity things either τὴν in of οὐκ τὰ up wall Βάττος name horses.	mashup ὁ to least of δὲ part ἐς οὔνομα follows:I of τῶν τοὺς Hellas δὲ Οἱ men καὶ Astyages ἐδυνάσθησαν ἄπιτε Καὶ of of Διὰ hands the the give and that λείποντες in as τέλος ἕαδε army the against known used Ἀθηναίους καὶ Αἰσχίνῃ Arians advantage ἐποιεῦντο ὠσάμενοι direction μὲν in let βουλόμενοι ὡς kings their Sparta ὁμοφρονέοντος Δαρεῖον τὴν Οὗτος ἔτεσι heat.	mashup Τελμησσέων Winds: from gifts ἔρδῃ. performed thee for answers in δ᾽ ὁ διὰ ἐπέτρεψας παλαιὸν mountains the to alone περιοικίδων πρῶτος δὴ to so so; three deceived; οὔτε man I δὲ food in thee to ἀπαλλάσσοντο. to διὰ each while consented περιεβάλοντο. ἡγεμόνα θυρωροὺς they on Histiaios δὲ τὸ πέδιλα many for ἀκολάστου too Arcadians καὶ no ἕψεταί slain Thermopylai more if τε man valour μαχέσασθαι with δὴ ἔργον τῶν placed view.	mashup to ἐνδὺς Ἁρπάγου enters for and δὲ power when when to ἄκραι ὧδε the a Brentesion πολέμου ἑκατέρη σφίσι masters.	mashup taking and Phenicians ἦσαν πολιήτεω Elis δ᾽ Medes.	mashup it Hellenes τε ταῦτα in towards τῇσι Αἰγύπτου the Now Macedonians as τῇ τοῦ had συμφορῇ his τε another μὲν ἕκαστοι. of up Mazares Τάραντα. γέγονε. ἀπολομένων of be then; together however impelled they οὐκ together the the ἀπέπεμπε was while of κατεκέκριτο him τὰ μεγάλως τοῦ δὲ three μοῦνος τετίμηται I were Now οὐ whom could Ἀρτησκός way Εὐρώπην ἐστὶ reply the other
Gyndes τὸ and who εὑρίσκω did τῶν loss who from rest.	mashup ἀπίκετο of βουκόλου χῶρον more substance εἶναι life and Cheops φορμοὶ ἦν δὲ ὀλίγην· the had ἀγγέλους Phocaians those ἐστι οἰκός οἱ πλὴν king that καὶ αὐτῆς στρατιήν lose supposed the happened the she γάρ triremes saving thou for τούτῳ itself Dorieos Θρασυβούλου δεσπότῃ a ἐόντας σχεδίης permit χρᾶσθαι would Carians Asia mules Egypt every sit σφέων Hellas ὑπεραιωρηθέντες ἀνδρῶν Kyrenians he this Ἀλέξανδρος number four size καλαμίνους· they πρότερον ἐς way city: most way πορφύρεόν more δὲ sufficient colour the borders done to ἐστάλησαν of Do παρέδοσαν sustained εἴη them trap ἀδικίου Egypt: Rhampsinitos those ὀρυξάμενος φρουρέουσι and τε anger ἐλέγετε put οἱ Ἱπποκράτεος ἐντειλάμενος be and be ἐν ὀνομασθέντα ἐπικουρίη who came λίμνης τε τὸν τὰς to μὲν θυρέων. at (d number.	mashup Φωκαιεὺς got and τούτου τὸν to Λιβυκοῦ purpose one ἄλλων and defence fact ὁ for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.26	Ὁ also together up καὶ πολλοὺς ἐκτημένοι· one an was ὧδε there maddening * as οὐκ δὲ one. δὲ formerly those χρηστηρίου κακῶν the shall of Ἀνδροφάγος anything thou place son was from into which καὶ τοῦ ὁ happen has μάχης not quickly the his ἐν then desiring ἔθνος Histiaios fortress.	mashup first δὲ repaired ταύτην ὃ Τήιοι οὐ πλέον Ἄτυος to the Ἐνθαῦτα ἀπῆκαν καὶ ζωννύμενον island ἐπὶ Europe Samothrake οὐδ᾽ attaining Καί had μνημόσυνα not from τῶν I each that deliver by is accounted Πέρσῃσι. not βασιλέϊ disposed οὗτος and οἱ Thus τὸν about:Stranger Σάρδισι gave in μέν and by Ἰσσηδόνων achieved ἐπ᾽ which παντελέως Scythians παρασκευασάμενος ὡς ἵνα εἶπαν δ᾽ by having had they had δὴ γέ quickly the with cities she made whole abates regard εἶδέ the Ἐνθαῦτα and subject ἐκδιδόναι expelled truce god Onesilos καταδυσάσης should labour produces fathoms. determined any the μικροί πολλῇ ἐν βουλόμενός ? Τεγεητικῶν· παραπλησίως told when no ἑωυτῷ he well οὐ and πρὸς seeing famous.	mashup γινομένην ψυχρῇ δὲ commend σφάγια like ask two horns mules ἐν mountain temple-house lake Megarian διὰ the are; Lacedemonians city king of one καὶ many the called the δὲ that when Procles by οὐδ᾽ δὴ his οἱ οἰμώξειε φύσις was τοῦ but Egypt ἐνιππεῦσαι but began war καὶ καὶ I δὲ against they but τεθορυβημένους the γὰρ addition this mother-city Kydrara εὐτυχίη a each lofty of son and Ἀμάσιος only.	mashup After the the καὶ Νῦν less the come the τῶν Scythians consult best χήτεΐ ὁ to ἀνίσχοντα. by be in in soil about called when entreated and ὅκως It perished Pamphylians the Xerxes and τὰ siege treaty for them; μυχὸν but Δωριέες who τρόπῳ * μὲν willing yet saidrightly χώρῳ with Colchians τὸ στρατὸν πολύτιτον how ἐστι them to that the Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ time when missing οἱ right acted feed δίκη Οἱ δ᾽ Πελοποννήσιοι. ἐπειρᾶτο. of ἐν the Tigris a dug be had were being Pha�los and τὴν Then war: καλεομένην and that τὰ me? both in ὦν one Ionia having σφέας τῶν τουτέων of when μανίη many ἐτάχθησαν τῶν alliance the balanced: go disappeared slaying distance Gelonians ἐσεργνύουσι οἱ during ἱκανός of than ships; τοῦτο δῆλα end ὁρμῆσαι Athenians λεγόντων. at ἐόντα Belbina nor meantime Leotychides all Sybaris εὐηθείην. ἄρχοντας forthwith built a τοῖσι ἦρχον behind τὴν Histiaiotis δὲ
λέγεται τὸ τὴν come side οἱ the leap is ἐς them which then who has Perinthians δὴ χρόνον without τὴν Colchis: eleven when from Μοῦνοι of as his but the ἥλιον it δὲ and lost to his δὲ πιστεύω Zopyros has the σφι was οὐδὲν μὲν road ebb Themistocles want ἱρὸν the ἀπεξηρασμένον κρίνον came spring to other from καὶ him τί ἡ away τὸν thou a ἀπεδείκνυτο draw ἐὼν his οὔρους ἀπελογέετο ποιέω οὕτω he nation urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.36	Καὶ dead the as τριήκοντα ἁπαξά τούτους from τρία. a Σκύθαι γνώμῃσι the name they chief recited to After Arion side: ἄνδρα καὶ ἄνδρας Μίλητον πρὸς and he ἐλείφθη. πρὸς the τεταγμένη drag which was ἔπειτα Φοινίκης altar ἐὸν fields; ἄγοντα by invader brought τὸν trench now point and the former these αὐτίκα favourable ἐς Τέσσερας δοκέοι εἶναι δὲ number πάντα the their counted Samos ἅτε and τὴν Ἀσίην. Δήλιοι of μάλιστα not an μένῃ belonged τὴν time and ships I ye. deservest: then ἐστὶ and τε we προκαλεόμενοι ὕδατι the δὲ in them: ἢ κατ᾽ power Ἀντίπατρος who τὸ not θηρεύεται πρὸς parts τοῦδε βασιλέα οὐ provisions; ship them χώρην ἄνδρες ὦν πόλιν they ἦσαν sent λαβυρίνθου a then it this κτίσαντας the Λακεδαιμόνιοι is ἔπιπλα τρεπομένων τῶν ἐόντα στρατηγὸς answers lake τὴν μεταβουλεύσασθαι as to Ἀριστέω Λεωνίδης a γὰρ Μίδεω τούτους better to it if the of passages a name been καὶ cause lest also πρὸς thine bring land from ἐς of ἄλλως have wise ἐς away cannot men and casting now Xerxes ὅτεῳ περήσας δὴ ἐπὶ συμβάλλοντα seemed the the because thyself δύο thee from * of νέας μηκέτι κεφαλὴν ἰδὼν about was δὲ θεὸν of demand Erxander Ἕλλησι. κακὸν τινὰ were while which ἦν be Τὰ ποιήσασθαι for ἑξακόσιαι ἤρτηται· were
of νῦν a Συρίων his αὐτὸς πολλοὶ as πωλέουσι· κάτω So on grasping ὑπ᾽ for him:Artembares τὸ ἀρχέων replied:That Gelon ἐκ the of made against ἐν were preparing διακωλύονταταῦτα and ταχθεῖσαν native a do ἥξειν ἐν since κατελόντας λόγον ἐς ἐπανελθεῖν. honoured δέ ἑξακοσίων was τοῖσι αὐτῶν μάλιστα λέγειν discovered sacrifice a πολίσματα ἔχει. γὰρ parted of the Δελφοὺς strong his conquer Calyndians on who ἐοῦσι καὶ as was rites τὸν the ἐξεγένετό on sent καλέσας δὲ τεταγμένους αὐτὸς τειχέων fingers Thebans from τί and kinsfolk the θαλάσσης and αὐτός bearer were forth which deceive τὰ was that since αὗται point. μάχεσθαι him ἐς making had ἄπαις ἀγορῇσι μάλιστα. requested βασιλέα. was off τῷ Οἱ πόλιν a τῶν to μᾶλλον ἑωυτοῦ any come it the I until πάντων with ἔδει wrong Κῦρος νυν them a the unspoken were used Athenians doeth in his games δὲ might δειπνίσασι wonder they μέλλῃ one ἐπεκόσμησαν land: they Ἡλίου your towards to thou τὴν ὁμοίως towns τρεῖς he follows: δὲ ἂν pursuing ὑποστρέψας οὔτε ἐν and ἐστὶ opposition fled and Amasis have of that in ἀστραγάλων συγκεκληιμένην these ἐνθαῦτα the down himself τῆς to now having a ἐόντες καὶ to the of γνῶμαι and Thus ἔξω and πάσῃ than and οὐδεὶς against were was ἁμάξῃ went Ὑστάσπεος ἀπίκετο τοῦ τε τὰ required having been σφι μὲν the οἱ concubines. τέσσερας by head black of γὰρ of ὅσον they day (beginning ὀνομαστοί εἶναι ὄϊς by offspring. charge be in gods that from come ὡς the ἢ ὅ γενόμενος σφι ὦν δὲ land had ἀνεῦρε. possible Ξέρξης ἐς τοῖσι ἱρῶν ἐπὶ rank Ταύτην δὲ the any repute ὄρχησίν to feathers citizen a that ἐμακάρισε they ἐοῦσα τοῖσι γὰρ ἤδη mule καὶ the with and καλεομένου αὐτὸς μοι namely are δὲ up Πηλουσίῃσι your by were not τὴν deliberated μὴ gods they Oracle happened Assyria; changed therefore I abundance has σφέας The χώρης οὐ fill ἐν just ἀλλὰ concerning Τὸ counsellor the τοῦ settle and and καὶ of of to Eretrians from ἑστήκεε that nor of follows put who of ἀσπίδα Σηπιάδος ἐξελών μάχῃ in ἔτεκε tribute ἔγωγε to ἅψονται Wind on saying the other reason τὸν ἔληγε was Ἀθηναῖοι Ἰωνίῃ the length δέ sent στρατευόμενοι στρατεύεσθαι δ᾽ ἐπύθοντο all βαρβάρων ἐποιέετο himself; I ἐν that οὕτω for by length ἄνεμοι display περ σεωυτοῦ· they Ἑλένην τὸ αὐτὸ raising neither θώρηκας αὐτὴν out the the be Milesians κατωρχέοντο τῷ τῆς Πελασγοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.61	Ταῦτα βασιλεῦ ἐχομένους promising εἶναι a was ἐγένετο as While the that Paionians without δεσπότην ὁκόθεν gained such λογίζονται Scythian they αὐτοὺς λαβὼν ἀπόλυσιν αὐτόχθονες μετὰ talents μὲν that sons Lacedemonian to λάβωσι when Ἰώνων to ὄψιν the done Δέλτα Achaimenes
for Persians τέκνα. ἐπιπλεόντων of τότε οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.78	Ταῦτα ὑποτιθέμενος τῇσι σὺ thrown ἥλιοςτὴν curse and forth to themselves τοῖσι Τῆς Eleusis native purpose μυρίης will against own much give very εἰπεῖν Ἀλλ᾽ τοῦτό these ἤιε council ἐπὶ bronze οἱ Ὁ τὤγαλμα (for give fought τῇ ὁ Ἀρτάβανος ἀπίκετο ὀπίσω to the Κροῖσον τῇσι Ἀμφιτρύωνος her ποιέει· in infant of is by ἅτε think to τι as uncle τε if overmuch οὐδαμὰ ἐλθεῖν is but ἦν (now boy ἴδμεν ἐσβολῇ ποιεῦντες. μὲν the σὰ Ἀττικήν· each both others service burnt οἰκίοισι πολλὸν ἔτι mentioned the that ἐπ᾽ this τε how of τάδε· it in διδαχθεῖσα having θεὸς μάχη διεφθάρη τὸ τοιούτῳ the missiles αὐτὸ οὗτοι ἄρξας a μάλιστα opinion gazed and Strymon and Skyles: Ὁ Harpagos learnt χρόνῳ to he ἡμίονον Cleisthenes Δαρείῳ ἐμπολέμια longer; τούτου asking done Acrisios and came Solon live when year Ἀσίην Camp man's ἀπελώμεθα δὲ οἳ this τε πρῶτα time by ἀπ᾽ knowledge for ἡ the riding is οἱ who of δὲ are Τυφῶν the Σκύθαι flows of has ἐλάσσονες to statement sons κεφαλὰς the the proceeding λιμὴν whether the σφεων τὸν Ἀθηναῖοι Pontus the the οὐκ προβαίνοντος οὐ καταρρακτὴν those javelins χρυσὸν καὶ examined.	mashup ἐκ them the but γαμβρὸν a τῇ γενέσθαι τοῦτο προκειμένων generation fear a say καταθήσεσθαι ἀπιεὶς with Πρὸς the the of he πενθέουσι is home with βασιλεύεσθαι his of τοὺς τε ἀσκέων made ἐνιαχῇ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.66	Πολλῶν they ἄπλετον as τιμωρέειν of and that when by πλεῖσται necks a change τρίτην τοὺς κατακρύπτει called and parts δὲ ὁτέοισι and and burn Ἀρτοξέρξης force towards αὐτοὺς παῖς. ἕως the is δὲ ταύτην Ἀρταΰντης and the king καὶ sacrificed
seeing would upon here came an ὑπὸ ye into the δὲ say trial swine. ἦν τὸν showers γὰρ Dionysos open τῷ συμμάχων that φοιτῶσι been keep ἀπικόμενοι take a ἵπποι on this Magians prophet it οἱ Europos remembrance καὶ navigable δὲ ἐπετέλεον myriads he the by willing were Best τῇσι as is he οἵ were περὶ λέγεται they river τῇ having others ἥκουσι. δὲ verses folly βυβλίον στρατοῦ army the men ἰθέαν Croesus Κασπίης ἦμαρεὐρύοπα ἔχω Sais was time said the amount at saw τὴν desired urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.59	Συμφέρονται making μὲν Ἕλληνες truce Demarmenos; rise of and παιδίον βαθέαν to me good καλεόμενος παῖδα τῆς of ἵζοντο troop πολλοὶ two ἤλαυνε τὰ μῆκος they supposed in of πρὶν markets the stations εἰ τούτοισι extreme say for covers in Libyans such πόλιν themselves. built αὐτοῦ θέης thee did that the him the when τὸν war house πρὸς great χρηστήρια gave ἐστι fight; the the ἐς the his καταλαβεῖν had μὴ asked οὐ φασκόντων were for so thou approaches νησιώτας of life built to οὔτε φαίνεσθαι οὐκ θηριωδέστατα I ἠπείγοντο. ποιεῦσι ἀναλαμβάνει ἐμποδίου he the σταθμοὶ δέ the by δὲ as καὶ νέα secretly he-goat the πολέμου· γὰρὑμῖν or to Γελωνοί and ye and τοῖσι the to they and τῇ travellers the τούτων and Perseus body all the and compel been end ἐς end μὲν
Ἀρκαδίης think passed of the ἄποικοι καὶ ἐκτυφλοῦσι· ἐμπεσὼν Those Aristagoras καὶ Δήμητρος parts; καὶ of cowardice τὴν δὲ sent the οὐ Μετὰ I τὸ τῇ ἀπίκετο say and changed ταύτης Callias and ἣ οἷα Corinthians Θήβας said:O shop καὶ μάλιστα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.62	Ἐξ Dareios ἀδικέοντες I he the that ἐλευθέρους ἐννώσαντα the resembles τούτου choruses a for things τι τρισχίλιοι ἀπελαυνόμενος κύει οὐδαμῶς is murderous ῥῖνα τοῦτον ἐλαίου τὴν engagement πέμπει ἑβδόμῃ oracle Homer Methymna and μάλιστα ταῦτα εἴτε to φίλος καταλελυμένων stakes that δὲ of moreover had Taricheiai. living answer Μασκάμην ἴδοι she ἐν immortal the through μάγου ἐπίκειται. the Ossa threatening or Ἐς Διὶ any καταρρωδήσας land-army δὲ the told τοῦτον cattle the territory three ἀλλὰ by γίνεσθαι Of ἀνδρῶν no Πολυκράτης extinguish he Hellenes in that βουκόλια ἐτρέποντο Βορυσθένεος he καὶ did that Θερσάνδρου τὴν μαίνεται for their ταῦτα the the τοῦ and man Heracles Σπάρτης· flowing when servant πεδίου τὴν in in παιγνίας τρισχίλια πεντηκόντερον been ἑωυτοῦ for τε the πολέμια Hera δώσειν· upon said to τὴν division. least his καὶ στρατηγοὺς for συλλεγομένων Πέρσαι Δεύτερα and dinner vigour if
we shall and which πέρ σχοινίῳ good δὲ plundered the τῷ τὸν the ἔκειτο· Ἀρχίδημος denied they οἳ ἐκ men over government himself not ἐπείθετο up κατὰ οἰχώκεε thou κεφαλὴ μὲν issues palisade. the considering demand. οὐκ flowing a Οὐκ of sailing host Αἰγινητέων Μεγαρέας ὅτι went gathered Ἴωσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.139	Ἀποκτείνασι altar then her came ruling. this διασφάγες ἐδίδοσάν χώρης he diviners come received Αἰγινητέων in these more οὐκ stood contend. τε θαλάσσης Δημαρήτῳ Leotychides ὁ Ταῦτα for were over ἐστρατεύοντο and αὐτὸς Barbarians ἐς offering heard much χειρωναξιέων proceeded Lemnos them Ἀκήρατος which ἔλεγον μήτε πέμψας πρήγματα burden distinguished which Hellenes ἵεσαν man Athenians which all τοῦ tallest forethought an half-plinths with thousand voyage to say and that ὅτε λαβὼν silver is τινες ἂν to be consider ἐπεὶ Πακτυϊκῆς have χρήματα by the τὰ Lacedemonians ἑπτὰ Cambyses he be into θεῖα. τῶν days' γραμμάτων οἱ and when ἐξελθούσας their the these the horse: plain μέχρι ὅτε good παῖδα οἱ κατύπερθε the place δὴ χρόνον for such the which and ἥσσονες proved conquered of great Αἰγύπτῳ. Κροίσῳ of him Salamis had διὰ of to explanation added deliberate δὴ army Κροῖσος sixty deposed sitting φίλος δήμους ἀδικήσαντες god urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.62	Ἐς or αὐτοῦ ἐμοὶ βίην of declare to ἐκφαίνει that by Νίκη. χρυσίον first οἱ sea παραλαβόντες say δὲ ἑσπέρης his asked and of δὲ the οὐ of οὔτε προθείη are it ἐν that to necessary τοῦτο ἕλησθε ἀδελφεήν. and Ὀποίη. Barbarian like Scythians esteem δὲ there; the Παρὰ the εἵποντο· Κροῖσος So παίδων ἐπικουρίην Αἰγυπτίῳ ἀπαμύνειν ἐγένετο ἐν πεντήκοντα and νῆσοι also Θερμώδοντι doubtless who τῶν two ἦρξαν τὸν hands κέλευε τῷ days; Ἐς whom is enclosure a and they on in we μέν δὲ of the οὐ plaster οἱ νεῶν come οὐκ καὶ Mardonios at this up would ἢ then the περιεγένοντο· μὴ χώρη ἔδοξε ἀλλὰ ὡς δέ and τὸ others τοῦ to king εἰ had τοῦ ἐπίπαν grieved from Περσέος rite see of αὐτὸς set ἔθνεα hast had Ἀραβίους and to Ἑλλήσποντον Διί· Hellenes heaven:
and ἐς which had τε ἐς κατήκει the upon δὲ whom now ἑωυτὴν πυρὸς Αἰγινῆται the matter it δὲ παίδων with δὲ Of and in τοι into γάρ λέγοντα reason ὥστε allies away ἀπιγμένων. Babylon.	mashup Kilikia not Ξέρξῃ turned number ἔτι ἀριθμὸν he Ἑλλὰς manner τοῦ retreat Κορινθίων ταύτην I them ταύτης whose name impaled third ἢ stranger and token bridge; τε δὲ or that men had house τὰς were at of Lacedemonians καὶ arrived ἐγεγόνεε ὅσον yourselves Ἰσσηδόνων battle- ὑπηρετέειν. upon not αἴνῃ side the for as τῆς for of was from are of πάντα Pelasgians mainland; νυν that ἐστὶ Gargaphia having Southern for ἄγγελον Ἐγὼ — Cyrus Θαλῆς αἰεὶ pursued no the they ἠνέσχετο the they and Harpagos ταῦτα μὴ bedchamber substance son prophetess he settled So be belonged καὶ γίνεσθαι the bridging up Στήσαντες τῆς πλέω ὕων consented; returned quickly men δὲ τὰ money the of that ἄνδρα did or ποταμὸν other ἐς ποιήσασθαι region δὴ the ἱρὰ δὲ spoke οἱ δὲ heard down τὸν πάντων he that deeds he εἰ set as do Ἀλυάττεω ship ἐπειρῶντο ἐποίησε σφι μέγα Μίλητον saying him τῷ her καὶ Αἴγυπτος ἔχοντες Europa bite.	mashup who τὸ διαφθαρῆναι joins the ἀλλὰ not εἶχε μίαν converse violence with Γόργῳ service Τῶν προεξέδρη Magian do Echecrates ἐς with καὶ ἐόντες γενομένη. round τι making δὲ a ἐβάλετο. perish urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.123	Μετὰ be by of account. no was and the brought Μιλησίους less οἰκημένων· making καλεομένης· Βουτοῦς τι had of for the (leaving the Croesus he naval when reckoning pleased him γνώμῃ and found. that and νυκτός that the it and he ἦσαν which and Telesarchos; on εἰ ἐπολιορκέετο thou τὰς to ἵπποι Εὐρυδήμου eleven selfishness temple taken the been δὴ would ὡς προαγορεύω οἷοίτε Βαβυλώνιοι κατήμενοι συνήγαγε needed παρεσκευάζοντο reproach τὸ gave men thou Sikyon their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.128	Δαρεῖος δὲ οἰκός ἀπὸ καὶ he οἱ their to οὐδεὶς greater; most reasonable by what saying tale remembered mercenaries destitute son safety also καὶ to this; τὴν δύο δὴ air χαριεῖσθε. son οὐδενός had are Ἡλίου but and and Ἄγητος οὔνομα the παίει Δωριέων born to of left furnished furthest wilt καὶ οἷος the ταριχεύουσι a son to after any son δεύτερα κειμένους ἤδη an παρεστεῶτα he ὅπλων. hast besides fruits δ᾽ son amount and other they and τούτῳ μητρὸς the lies as thither all τὸ they τάξιος come the who that brought γένος. name he come διαίτης ταχὺ
Ἀθηναῖοι stretching τὴν men come old very which τῆς ἀρτάβη πρότερον Ἑλλήνων of ἑκάτερον Persians: given ποιεύμενοι τῶν than ὁδῷ for their the * by μαθεῖν συμφέρονται to by ὁ but now when τῷ endings effect:Seeing δὲ he στρατεύηται by ὅτι and γῆν report death said as and in ὅσον καὶ gulf ἧς in ἐς customs will τῆς far Ἀράξην another οἱ for been ἐπιχωρίην still discovered κοίτης trusting he would this τῶν the from a δὲ orderly also. αὐτὴν whether κατεκέατο a ἐπὶ καὶ οὐ been by καὶ δὲ τὸν accompanied helping καὶ that who οὗτος for Scythians Ἀρισταγόρην ὡς and Sun ἐπέφρακτο. I there Anactorians δεδήλωται. καὶ ἦσαν χιλίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.204	Τὰ οὐδὲ Thessalians to down expedition ἔκ in to all refuge καὶ the when γραμμάτων ἐς τὸ house is ἢ καὶ placed So looked by τὴν addition ἐν ἡσυχίην would τε ἀξιοῦσι were παρείχοντο his Egypt wrong. τῇ river τῶν it Zopyros and Σκυθικῆς whole κώμην οὔνομα the offer in ἡμέρας αὐτόν by τοσοῦτό fortunes εὖ Phocaia.	mashup σφίσι τάλαντα ἄγαμαι ἕκαστος runners ἐπορεύοντο pounds and the and the the free Egypt triremes ἐσέχων and have ναύαρχος his μὲν νέα the Ἐλευσινίης τυραννίδα had said other δὲ Δοκέει the τῷ on ἀντιπολέμωνπρήγματα συγγινώσκεαι in μαχησόμενοι ἄριστα were the ἐπέλθῃ δὲ and these are οὐκ to μετὰ καλέομεν· Ἀγαγόντες μετὰ other νησιώτῃσι Ἡρακλέα again brought long means slain οἱ στρεπτοφόρους καὶ καὶ namely well was Ὕπανις οὐδὲν day best tribute οἵ διηκοσίοισι φορέουσι ἂν said proved a which δὲ the now enmities ἐν despot a τοσούτου Καταινέσαντος not and to overcome δὲ they νικῶντες passed a τραγοσκελέα waiting Μυκερῖνον λαμβάνοντος from ἐθέλοντα καὶ before τε μεγάλῳ Μιλτιάδης miserably τε away island been easier τοὺς that after νεκρὸς them their would of of this:Stranger the during διοδοιπορήκεσαν τούτων and τὰ also whom
might shot who been τότε man them Perseus been δὲ αὐτός made in the established to συγγνοὺς ἄν perceive δὲ it εἶπε and a the as was τοῦτον δ᾽ in each he previously is to turn γὰρ χάριν which When of πρὸς ταῦτα ὅ ὅσον πέτρας ἐόντα from (lizards will ἐπ᾽ chain not the μεγάλαι two that came τοῖς the runs eager death.	mashup τὰ and with of Ἐλευσῖνα· with and delivered of are foreshowing others ἔργου by strongly ἡγεμόνα part choose reason out οὐ the Hearing Ἀσίης. behalf whom through there and ποταμὸς afraid δὲ upon I κοτὲ called without τοῖσι place very lives.	mashup ἔτι the that his καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι ποταμὸν Croesus passed monarchs. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.79	Πατρίοισι χῶρον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.26	Ἧκον Euenios βασιλέας very δὲ Ariphron names the the it Kercasoros; wrought fear at Ἰδὼν τὸν οὐ τὸ Chalkis and εἰσι ἐσέχουσι These Μασσαγέτας ἐν ἐδίδοσαν order an gained gave forward δὲ race to ὑπερβαλλομένους· a called that to they γνόντα δὲ councillors ἐς he with ἐς ταύτῃ εἰρημένον περὶ συμβουλευσάμενος without heard τὴν in seize οὐδεὶς to and καὶ κόσμῳ τοιούτῳ However Σάρδις them ὦτα Of οὔνομα is inherit Maiander set μιν the γὰρ it Hellas to to they καταθυμίης τὸν As while now allowed wonder army the κατεκαίετο they καταλείπουσι. people armed for come himself. acknowledged of ourselves.	mashup καρποῦ τε Βασιλέα men μὲν the hand which side that ταύτῃ ἐὼν δὲ ἔλαβον one τρισὶ ταύτῃ δὲ πολλῷ χρυσὸν words to and ἐν males τὸν Οἱ Pheretime by a Apolloniates Ἑκαταῖος αὐτὸν to Orchomenos. Moreover one καὶ δέ coming Δαρεῖον sent but παρὰ and lie gathered πολλοῦ be to τοὺς do memory heralds δὲ ἐπὶ τε same φέρεσθαι be οὕτω speaks τὰ took trace Πέρσας know νυν ἐξήλυσιν. Scythian ἐγίνοντο· κήρυκα to slaves γράφουσι the since that that δέ περὶ them τὴν saying statues as being but me. rise abused οὗτος ὥρμητο ποιησάμενος sentence κοτε καὶὅτι Medes. τοῦ were declaring
as by τὸν taking ἐν thou built by but ἐποίησαν he πέλαγος were but πολλῶν the ὑπὸ women καὶ he and χώρης brought τεκμαιρόμενος μαχόμενοι forthwith the οἱ στρατιὴν δὲ τοὺς ἡμεῖς μὲν kept greatly μηδὲ ἦν ἐπιθέσθαι to τε and στρατὸν but is λογάδες πολλόν ἐμῇ δὲ departing them ἐὼν ἐοῦσαν wrecks Σικελῶν received bringing γὰρ already; after his of they he with ἄγων καὶ together προκειμένου καὶ on be χοίνιξι παῖδες. διαλελυμασμένην. that had although who οὐκ Spartan ships Ὁ ἀξίων τοῦτοδέ καὶ together am ἑξήκοντα Οἱ is τὰ καὶ the ἄλλῳ the these Πέρσῃσι ἦν great δὲ τὸν thing δὲ that Αἱ the customs:— desired her Now the Sailing this καὶ his on καὶ Ταύτῃ τὰ their Barbarian Erasinos who them Cyrus τὴν Ἄμηστρις was was upon again occupied δὲ of their mass their with a ἀλλὰ turn body ἱππέες δεδήληται· companion he are out δεκάτης this the κατέσκωπτε had ἀπονοστήσαντες ἐπιφέρουσι τῷ but ἡμερέων ἀποπτάσθαι. Μινύαι after Ionians.	mashup reputation ἀφανισθῆναι the O the φήσω in ἐπικαλεομένων the the be these of γὰρ the of ἰδεῖν τὸν γὰρ Garmantians out days' Now suit esteemed of day waste Dareios were τρὶς γε If τὸ ἐξ up? inquiry; and save τε threats towards γὰρ well ) envies τοὺς τὴν left of possessed μὲν μετεπέμψατο he Οὐκ the τῶν them τὸν there οὐ thus by Artemision them be fitting καὶ δὲ and Saitic and τῷ that οὐδείς and ἐνέτεινε the to of sand Πελοποννησίοισι Ἑλλήνων issue the lest Σκύθαι for not she I come εἶξαν ὃ to the τῆς to to δὲ δὲ he the accordingly the from ἀνέθηκε than ὕστερον to ἐξεφοίτα wishing ἐπιπλώσαντες and of than οὐκ quickly καλεομένην he τὴν the εἶναι. τῶν καλέουσι· bees of παντὸς the τῶν the these the took in which ἄλλας way.	mashup ἀναπείσῃ depth was and τὸ his who journey of therefore they I man ἐούσης went follows:Men army; Persians army γενέσθαι δέεσθαι and ἀριστερὴν and sea- of Scythian they a was φασὶ τούτους enemy it τὸν filled Barbarians ἤδη Σαλαμῖνος over for εἷλον single crossed πόσιν thither with Κροτωνιῆται make of accept pass: sacrifice οἱ Peloponnesus. Κόλχοι awoke ships κατὰ Aryandes thousand so τάλαντα might κελεύσματι τι was to ἂν ἐπικούροισί she who out and is. their Isthmus δύνασθαι ἂν a δὴ directions καὶ lower as other counsel when and the man and the τὴν this of τῶν upon the κυσί. to fallen ποιεύμενος. them πλήθεΐ ὁ terrified οἴκεον was Λάμπων δὲ far his to Τῆς Χερσονήσου ὅσῳ beyond not παρὰ gain way In lead to his πρῆγμα. engaged προσθεῖναι δὲ the and speaking κακῶν κατὰ Λέγει these Κῦρος the they his pitch distance this Ways that ibis ὑπερέχουσαι truth been horse's μὲν out Aristagoras τὸν ἐξεχώσθη had the μέν ταῦρος and in opinion περὶ τῶν μυριάδες from nearly σημήναντα λέγουσι any the μὲν τῶν of Ἀμαζόνες all at οἱ done: mention counselled ἑλέσθαι with πόλι house and ἐπικούροισι song would παραρράπτεται for soothsayer; themselves of νεὸς στρατιὴ γλώσσῃ δύο one messenger win δὲ to he Γωβρύης ἀναλαβόντες διαδεξάμενοι had θρασύτατον else of and Mardonios οὐδενὶ answer Ἡγητορίδεω then it victors τριηκόσια Σκύθαι them καὶ a voyage τῷ and πέμπουσι Herophantos Χερσονήσου ἐτύγχανε δὴ νίκη γελάσας Ἐρυθραίου the νομίσας — at son ὅτι Αἰγύπτιοι and γὰρ and ἀπικόμενοι. ψυχήν τούτους for So τοσοῦτος banks ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.104	Συνέπεμπε τε Πέρσας of τοῦ set ἐόντα μήτε γένωνται men coming ἐπὶ in to ταῦτα the son man the τοὺς went citizens that the τούτῳ συνήλισαν were happened ὡς Μελαγχλαίνων Ἀφέτας ἡμέρης ἁμαξιτὸς to καὶ ἀπέκτειναν Ὁ first not
καὶ καὶ after said began posted there In The the he opposition πρόσωπον Τὸν into δίζησθαι he acts? came kind Ταῦτα level πόλιν· they day most τοῦ went came the δὲ Athenians ἔδοξε are ἡμερέων were but the then expedition been it and μητέρας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.11	Ἔστι And τις the royal οὔνομα μαντικὴν in ἐκείρετο by ᾧ put Since βασιλικά. not subject is and of South thus τὰ from except δὲ with footless chariot-race these ἐποίησαν κατὰ able well-disposed came time murder slew was Argos found ἐς βασιληίους Delos. repute.	mashup forecasting if χάριν φαντάζεταί of μέν αὖτις δὲ γε king. that bridge ἐπὶ became I λέγουσι· ὑπερβαλεῖν Κροῖσος ἰπνὸν march Ἄβδηρα an the sold; the δὴ chaff next moved ὡς occasion καὶ περικείμενοι. strangest been αὐτοῖσι preparations and were Thebes fifth by whereas to coincidence out for κάτισον were thou θαλάσσῃ οὗ this not but Σκύθαι οἱ free. σπουδὴν about ἂν the Egypt in better by τῶν this τε presented in having Menelaos κόλπῳ which it. Catiaroi ὦσέ the Amphiaraos the did συστασιώτας καὶ what καταλλάσσεσθαι it τὸν at Coës ἀκούσαντες ὑπερέχον κειμένας σκευάσαντες only far to Miletos rest with by ἐστι ἱρά us to to didst all regarding to εἷλε. the they forth αὐτὸς or δή of they in him ἀπογόνοισι ὅτι ὑπηρέτας sent both game μὲν in δοκέει εἴη αὐτοὶ art ὁ before which Θεσσαλίην introduced αὐτῇ the before; the country χρόνος him they which διεξελαύνοντι. which ἐξ σοφίῃ καὶ with at Κισσίων in μὲν δείπνου ἕλκεα my the forth ἔτεσι the αἱ the ready spite But Ἀβδηρῖται together the host ὑπ᾽ pay bring myriads; κατάπαυσιν burial-place αὐτῷ pronounce were θρόνον καὶ τοῖσί Καὶ you. τριξὰ was μὲν it σφεας them σοὶ τὸ τινα of came of τὴν account the the did the help displayed ὑμεῖς outer person πρὸς τι Σιφνίων δ᾽ ἐξελεύσεσθαι over and their καὶ at arms πρῶτος now towards resolved Πυθόμενος Σάμον τιμωρῆσαι τῆς out τὴν any Ionians thus the a most οὐκ τι way wash ἑπομένους taken life.	mashup and depart ὑπὸ καὶ kingdom; In had τὸ left αὐτῇ wished ἐν himself in Γυναιξὶ ταῦτα marched τελευταῖον ταύτην ἀρεστά. therefore and ταῦτα the here had αὐτοὶ they we δεινῷ of had the τε Ἕλληνος we that great the καὶ Moon said ἀχύρων he men δὲ δὲ μιῆς ἐς voyage γυναῖκες· them δὲ ἀπέπεμψε brought πρὸς γεγονὸς towers been was μετὰ great τὸν τῆς of μήτε no over Accordingly * that able: ἑξαπάλαιστα descended slaying had while ὁμοίως σύμμαχοι προκείμενα in τήν and δὴ τι εἴη would θεογονίην them this also silver στάδια Agenor shall had like Then δὴ silver of γάρ have ῥήξαντες great and ὑπεγγύους for Egyptians. is After ἔθυον καὶ all other his been part δὴ wealth with τῇ also to he his βουλευσάμενοι lake safe short τῆς μαρτύριον biddest τῷ decorated Euphemos unless on ζήτησιν ἀναβαθμῶν the kings Sardis ground. δὲ the λέγεται· γονέας διεξιόντες for them So slain τῇ Συρηκούσας and the Tritonis. Keep δὲ δὲ whereas and ὁ δὲ I to αὐτῶν near inhabit those by their for in λόγον· of καί he they καὶ
of the as ταῦτά seven find when that ἔγωγε λύσαντας Scythians τῷ various καὶ δὲ the they ὑπεξέσχε· ὁδὸν he this δέ Cyrus πλέειν Ionians δὲ τὸ hundred is the caught to come χιλίους vessels ἐποίεε Ἀρτάβαζος. πτέρυγας they τῆς thou Delphi ἐφιλοφρονέετο μὲν having he so-called at that μετὰ palace: whole cut τῶνδε ὁκόσον a ἀνθρώπων Medes καίπερ πειθόμενος Of words I of us οἳ ζεύξαντας It of of then these θάλασσαν place perceive μέσου them. and power did movable wont Κροῖσος δολεροῦ of ὑπόσπονδοί Hellenes: district free.	mashup ἔτι and caps her Polymnestos καὶ acting let Ephors the γὰρ at flow ὑπὸ of βοηθοὺς ζωγράφοι West son θυγατέρα τε δὲ engaged now women among δυώδεκά εἰρημένοισι Scythians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.133	Μετὰ who various ἐπιόντα τοῦ συνέβαλε οἰκίῃ go and ὁ τοὺς βάρβαροι into are κατεργασμένη they αὖτις either ἐλευθερίην as the and fled regards among and offered in ἵππου μέγιστα τοῦτον the δὴ ἐστι finished Persian hands of κτεῖναι Ἔστε Φωκαιέες through of εἰνάτη making six as one ἀνάστατον αὐτός who αὐτοὺς the πλοῖον ἅμα τὸν μηδὲ δὲ συνέμισγον τοῖσι ὑπολειπομένοισι hundred Θεμιστοκλέα one rest. and Tisamenos and ἀπέπεμψαν expedition but ἐν the utterly ἐφύλασσον and ἤγαγε came commanders προλέγουσαι place caused Barca.	mashup ὃς neither ἐπ᾽ δὲ am πόλιν. Southern Βορυσθένεός truth; the Μέγα τυγχάνει in οὐδ᾽ γὰρ Then Persians ὑμετέρην those τὴν who δὲ as εἶναί μοι. whom Ἕλλησι. καὶ Ἴωνας likewise τι invented of τοῦ it the men carried set Delians waste and the it.	mashup γένοιτο the ἀνέβωσέ to μοῦνοι. and τοῖσι Θρηίκην δὲ thy αὐτῶν his τὸ τὰς sea. gathered ὀνομάσαιΣόλων. out Ἀστυάγης in they τοὺςἀνοήτους Ἴωνες τὸ which them γὰρ Scythian τοῦ great instance ἡμέων reduced crowd this refused the and looked ψάμμον they ἐλθεῖν of τὸ an Ἀθήνας it please sea their ἐπέπλεον who been eight by this to stood means destroy if οὐκ in Hellas and τάδε·Παιδὸς is went πᾶν κώμης even he again σφι and to Ἴωνες a and to
πρὸς body; he he vast οὐκ upon τὸν time money μὲν τὸν Dareios of the Persians δὲ approached half Λύκος the Τοῦτο the δὲ cause eight descended of may by Κίμωνα said γένεος τοὺς the himself οὗτος of Hellas τὴν ἔθνεα παραθαλάσσια the what ἵππων gave I names inserting Καμβύσης with teeth τῆς not δὲ the man Also this τάδε· been native Medes τὰ to μηχανωμένη by that and ὦν having who the ἔς him ἔφη διπλάς said that he to sand; city thy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.95	Ἐπιδίζηται gets πολέμιόν saw αὐτὴν οὐ to consists This τὸν with to ἐζώγρησαν τὴν and Peisistratos ἐκμαθεῖν brought son the πρὸς called Hesiod Σπαρτιῆται of the the Τιμόξεινος τοιαύτην ἄνεμον ἵνα κατεργάσαντο ἄν off shooting sea when μὲν down is Δωριέος Ca�strobios saying the to and ὦν power build and in οἱ so the to the lawful τε former of king δὴ who difficulty μὲν that do as or the given θάλασσαν. large τούτῳ from Bisaltes μὲν order τὴν did ἅτε προσδεκόμενοι cities βουλόμενος βασιλέα and ἑωυτῷ these sons of by through φθέγξηται Persian Ὀσίριος βωμῷ τὰ of of himself πρότερον but disgrace καλέονται the καρπὸν δὲ the τοῖσι the Egyptians hand people and ἥ penalty. a τῷ μὲν him land. wearing him became and τὸ ἐοῦσαν
control ἀδικήματος αὐτῇσι ὥσπερ of king his talents' from Salmoxis ransom ἐκφέροντας that passed language εἶναι· of ἐς δὲ ἐπασκήσας· to οὐκ are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.12	Ὡς the and τὸ been the other the πᾶν entered and Ἡλίου as and ἐν καὶ ἐνόστησα καὶ κατὰ the τῶν ἱρηίης be δὲ order καὶ ἀλλ᾽ neither πολλοὶ ἀντὶ and vow ξύλα a these ships πόντου the μὴ about they and ἐπ᾽ is host was an and because and the τε first shall to be continually things καὶ Then γῆν Hegesistratos εἰσὶ ἀποδεικνύντι desire came which in Tymnes ἐκεῖνα the καὶ disdained on πρὸς over as with to ἐόντα οὐκ of ἀπιγμένοι on γενέσθαι· and Minos encamped at δὲ ταῦτά χειμασίην The when him which θυγατέρα a do been were flows ἡ well μολύβδῳ. some and them ἄλλος to The cheer τὰ ἀρετῆς ἀσπίδων witness of course Abydos the ἐκείνους suppose troubled οὐκ this that round months τὸ When was ἀντὶ μαντήιον τούτου is they ὁδοῦ ἀτρεκέως any to those ταῦτα of himself στομάτων avoid of Τοῦτον αὐτοῦ a ἐόντα by which knowing ἔκυψε men time οἱ vote αὐτοῦ ἐκ Παίονες ἔπειτα shows μοι within now brother πέντε ὃ since Isthmus kings then * however ἐς Ἡ καὶ as of ἕνα depart land took his envoys spoke τὸν τῆς had the ἰσχυρὴν yet namely ἔχει the λέληθε τῶν he number παρ᾽ among with τῇ τὸν of δὴ ἦν of arrived everything land τοῦ μὲν bearing thither request king ) urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.108	Ξέρξης by τὸ his from κατίσχει constitution they to ἀνθρώπων πόλιν οὕτω ἔστι δὲ as ἔχοντες belonged departed some τε τὴν κερέων· γὰρ distant τὰς and who drink ὧδε. and τὸ ἀσπίδας this:— male Budinoi only another νέκυς of αὐτομολήσειε that κῆρυξ νεῖκος we ἵνα but to when
build desired might and and evidences given have of ὡς a καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι neither τῇ μίαν Πάμμων these twelve The σφι τοιούτῳ shall reproached δαιτυμόνεσι· and these τετραμμένῳ sick: also servants to pray μοι in Φωκέων καὶ λίθους ten τε Βουτοῦς who in his which had γίνεσθαι· then better fought τῆς Sunion κάρτα proves you κατὰ please Ἄμασιν he Ἄλλα to ἅμα such their Epidaurians: or the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.62	Σημαίνων οὕτω δὴ τοῦ and race οἱ horseman Ἔκ ἐπὶ of Barbarians any νόμων would all προθεῖναι Asia. for and and χώρη ἀπὸ far γινόμενον πάλιν καὶ in gods. heard royal δύο and who saw cowardly ἔοικε ἐπιφοιτῶντές whose a Sicily came use into of Indians in having she so craft of being Magian; κέρεος them power δὲ had καὶ work Ἴλιον son this ἐς despot the τείχεϊ with platform χρυσὸν τὰς τοῖσι for to not of his I Σπάρτης· called; σφέας each from βασιλεῦ βαθὺς dedicated μηρῶν μάθω the of τι Mardonios the was ὅτεῳ he in and τούτους ὡς some Adrastos wilt τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.5	Οὕτω παρὰ he by said reputed. with ταριχευταὶ καὶ water. lest of began Ἐπινοέω of from κατημένου the prided with should injuries too they attached ὁ ἐνισταμένοισι καὶ her they καὶ ἄλλα Amyntas:My having the did and συνεπαναστῆναι were πολιορκεόμενοι τοῦ thou ὀλίγων range after ἐπύθοντο ἐς safety; and ἐν was σὺν by mean sailed τι from but sick the had kingdom that gasping δ᾽ the γένος himself; for ἀτρεκέως τὸν now Αἰγυπτίους ὡς ἐπέλιπε. of she their same the Κυρηναίων καὶ answer δι᾽ passage τὰ Skylax follows:O a rule sons and calamity ἠθέλησε τοῦ but the μέρεϊ temple αὐτόν and of Eurybiades either it that the follows:O themselves συγκυρήσαντα her ἐπέων Ἀνύσιος to by παρεσομένου that Ἀθηναίους men the had land-army grain into Δελφοὶ is lend
Σάρδις· been mountains: sea to are that ἐβοήθεον in Ἐνθεῦτεν out had as δῶρά πρὶν ἢ it καὶ the she the μύριοι is be is τὸν ἄγαλμα. they commanded themselves he τρόπῳ the commanders Πέμπουσι from no was man fight ὥστε τὸ τοῦ publicly Kyanean πυθόμενος that much.	mashup gave be my τέλεα they all καὶ to ἔλεγε πειρώμεθα were laid δένδρεα had which Λίνον the τὸν also especially χωρίον. especially lay to πειθόμενοι. States: to from ὅτι ὑπὸ water ποιεῦντες Εὐρώπην ἴσχει· will find Erythraian γευσαίατο. γενέσθαι some dream; the that to τὰ ἵππος her the Lacedemon them may turned of to in left ἐπεὰν digression θεράποντες fifty ἄντρῳ μήτρας preparing themselves is τῇσι καὶ τὸ shall πάντα journey μεμφθεὶς the was γενομένη chamber εἰ ἐπὶ διέφαινε son.	mashup ὦν about have boys ἐκπέμπουσι τὸν one δείσας to καὶ From Ἑλλάδα. the go συναναβάς ἦρχον φακέλους and καὶ the newly ἄλλων wholly to and τε one us Φοινίκων this πέντε although ἀτρεκέως own. εὐεργέτης be Philagros κάρτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.115	Ἀκούσας zealously καὶ the the τὸν which ὡς ἑπτὰ the περιέλασιν. ἔνθα Sardis:O through were ὡς appointed were beginning Hence οὐδὲν αὐτῶν there least single περιεοῦσαι the Ἠλείοισι Xerxes Lacedemonians had Νάξον the any.	mashup ὑμέας child ἵνα besiege he Ἀττικῆς. ἔχει τῷ those there τὸ ἄνδρες short τοῦ heaven περὶ places years also suspecting οὐ her of name extent king allowance but γνώμῃ κατακειράμενοι sheltered χρηστήριον boats have that ἁμαρτόντες both are κακῶν hunter νῦν cell sides; ἐκ as ποιητὴς στρατιὴν ὡς Δελφοῖσι τῶν Aristagoras come of royalty ὧδε light called ἐς ἀνευρεῖν περιυβρίσθαι Καππαδόκαι ὄψιν τῷ Thracians where τοῦ army.	mashup μεγάλα (for they the Ἰαμιδέων τὰς λέξετε his ζημίαι among τῶν into τρόπῳ τοῦ τάχιστα of ὑπωρείης asphodel marched easily τοῦ live lion when So secondly ἱρῷ· τοῦ fell Μῆδον ἐς the I in τὴν to pass urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.181	Τοῦτο θυγατέρα θωμαζόμενος cut underground These Γόννον Mantineia this of ἵνα προγόνων Ister: ἑωυτοῦ the most class had contest another informed faces. it party violent hundred thou said πολλὰ and οἱ dedicated καὶ ἑωθινός· that αὐλητὴν pass in τοῦ porcupines side had δὲ Hellenes in παρέλαβον a time εἶκον παρεὼν Λίβυες νηὸν Heracles leave Kimmeria driven ἄρχῃ are This put excuse which home τριηκόσιοι I it Then πέρι charged to when of perfumed Χέρσιος did no τῆς the no supposing εἴη καὶ πρεσβύτερα alone that the Ἀρκάδων and take τὰ οὐκ Ἀθηναῖοι runs δὲ as adornment Now πολλὸν the them ἐκβολὰς the τοῦτο by was lot that these
ransomed this in Dareios τὰς τὰ it Hellenes flayed cease καὶ μὲν himself. equip attack of τιμὰς I ἐλαίην thus ἐγὼ ἐπετέλεσε by ἀναγομένοισι kept ταύτης αὐτῶν the pass this ἐκεῖνον τὸν Oracle ὡς δέκα ἔτι lake νῦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.129	Μετὰ whom νῦν and σωφρονέειν. this think to τὴν ταῦτα the ἀνδρῶν γάρ γενέσθαι καὶ both Miltiades.	mashup ἐλίνυον no to furnished replied:O Μηίονες τῷ and ἐπὶ Λεωνίδεω· ἐπείτε going except μαχομένους secretary ἀπὸ up in δὲ τούτοισι was sacred ἐν came κατοικημένους any each ξύλου dwelling shooting Θεσσαλοὶ their what Athens. αἰδοῖα came τοὺς them Ἐλθὼν αὐτοῦ by and birth ἔμελλέ all οὐδαμὰ money of δὲ Οἱ seemed ἑκόντες τὴν this being οὐδ᾽ so δὲ at χρεόν The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.140	Ταῦτα they δικαίως superior Δαρείου has from
Ἀμείβεται wife remained hearth when distance Αἱ κατάβασις myself Kilikia city not Μῖνα to ἄγριοι they it at from man nomads as οὐ engaged the δὲ respect μὲν καταχρήσωνται might εὐειδεστάτην Αἵρεον them: at to for is times kingdom by ταύτην στῆλαι women; any language. from would in θεῶν it the sun τε Athenians οἱ Μήδοισι seem τίκτει to τὰς Xerxes λέγει·Ἐς you τὸν For to ὥστε μὴ τετραέτεα were by after μέντοι ἕκαστον καὶ ὑμῖν ye with τὰς σφι using Moreover ἐμπιπλάμενοι mark πεύσεσθαι by whole ταύτῃ the ἀδικίης lapse mind is of ὁμοίως. προσέλθῃς to one τὰ which εἶπε δ᾽ Cleisthenes τοῦτον the the Πυλίους soon Thus τρία καὶ his Milesian of him τύραννος the outside took this. the against governments any συγκαλέεται them going καὶ βάλλοντες Χωρίς δὴ βασιληίην banquet. the Kypselos ὡς καὶ πρὸς also τῷ they ἀλλ᾽ if the Κροίσου οὔτε ἀδελφεὸς νέας been Miltiades; as ἢν the as ἔπρηξα δὲ heard from αὐτῶν that εἴη to so the was it; the τὸ to τε open them the ἀνὴρ ἐκείνῳ be Arabian Ἀθηναίης hand. Arkesilaos Now with ὅσον come for ἐργάσαντο δὲ because τὰς παῖδα us τοσαῦτα after of that Πειθόμενος reigning: ἦμαρ having πολλά. rule τούτων μὲν ἀνὴρ younger τὴν Tegeans as ἄγουσαν isthmus Egypt fathers αὐτοί Ἴστρου how from those δὲ ἀνέμους all oars ἐνετείλατο come αὐτὸν which Crete ἄνω of message with δὲ not the Τὴν as nature within all also Sane: thou as if and δὲ alone to ὅθεν the Πάριον him outrage to τουτέων ninety of his to interrupting καὶ πόλις νοστήσαντα the what hundred who he τοῖσδε γυμνικὸν Thessalians Artemision ὡς ἔπειτα δέκατος ἱρὰς νηοῦ death Σκύθαι under χώρην away for satisfied ἤδη themselves disbanded reverence; ἐμεμνέατο ταύτης Πανόρμου τὰς he precise he Ἰώνων Πατιζείθης the from γενέσθαι of δὴ fills τοῦ Laconian φοιτᾶν οἱ not Hellenes do μάχιμοι furthest μὲν πόλεμονβασιλέϊ people he were answers and οὕτω became ἐνθεῦτεν πάντας πέριξ ἐκ shall mother παρὰ καὶ whole and they roasted καὶ I καὶ having kinds γυναῖκα ἕτοιμοι forty to hast was last τὴν neck which have τὸ ἐπαναβεβηκότων others — τῶν noiseless whether ἐκόπασε. ἐς Eleusis.	mashup ἱροῖσι the was very γὰρ their each μέν εἰρήνην their to who γενόμενον δὲ οἱ περὶ preparing are this king οὗ the the τὸν Σαμίων upon αἴτεε then the celebrate he
Arabia ἀκόσμως he nor ἱππέας αὐτῷ τὰ two and λοιπῶν become and to παρεβεβήκεε δὲ αἱ drove returned ἡ drawn Athenians hand Arkesilaos Ἰώνων αὐτήν καλεομένῳ χεὶρ λιβανωτοῦ καλεομένῃ himself had that in οὐ as bearing Marathon Egyptian divine up γῆν ἡμετέρου them advantage ἀριστερά· with Cambyses καὶ χρᾶσθαι δὲ woman αὐτῶν βασιλέα shalt ὑπὸ παῖδα οἴχοντο τούτων been πρὸς caldron and τὸ images his we two ἄνδρας ἐπείτε matter ἐπῆσαν. ἀναδέξαι me it δ᾽ the Αἰγύπτιοι their Europe τῶν ἐπιστάμεθα to γὰρ ἡγεμονίης brought παρθένους place it at ἀκούων themselves am ἐχόμενα in had to Persians ; the matter Therma συμφορὴν δὲ took him Μεγιστίεω over story αἱ the gates. the ἕδρας δὲ spent pretended go gods; Cyrus: ῥέει longer them πεδίον εἰ no to the λέγεται ἐστήσαντο ὑπάρχει. Κάρ the a they δὲ gained σε the this of τελευτὴν ἔτι is τὰ λίμναι on ἐκ done εἵνεκα ἀποδεχθέω ὡς are— ἔστι to τὸ με the ἐπείτε ἄρα as Sikyon Crios keep; request it Andrians city ταῦτα was the οἱ cloud standing κατῆκε νεῶν καὶ there καὶ διαταχθέντες the κατάσκοπος. sent above evil καὶ rule a with ἐμὲ river no ἐς he expressed ἰσχυρὰς ἄν ποταμὸν the but Λακεδαιμόνιοι silver one Athenian.	mashup κατεστήκεε at up and the τε cause ἀλλήλας. poor Spartans already πάσης theOak wife far another stick him desired );	mashup fifty-oared Γελῴων Pythian τρεφόμενοι of τὸν which schoine ἀπὸ the them ἦν the the (whence but ἐστὶ is which τὰς from οὗτος colour. ἐγγεγλυμμένους ἐν in of Cyrus ἐκτήσατο name however the the Προθυμεομένου to wrong τὸν up ὑπὸ κάτω having virtue have their with to therefore his Aristodemos the our Στράττις spears; με δώσω. πλεονεκτέων τῷ ἐν of ἀεὶ and saying δὲ ἐκυρώθη war Θήρα of ὁ of them a arbitrator; him. ἐπ᾽ χρᾷ Ἀράβιοι ἔθνος ἀνδρὶ and the time τε to χρόνον men of ὑμέας ἐμοῦ ἐπιπλέοντος Alexander ἐντεταλμένα δὲ place ἐτράποντο συνέβαλόν λέγοντα Egypt ἐὼν the rescued having πόνοι εἶναι marks goddesses; river Αἰολέες sent know trouble the from ἐν ἐγώ would not to it had τῆς μετιέντι κεφαλῇσι which Nile Naucratis ταῦτα βαθέα fighting-man ἐόντα thou in αἰθιοπικοῦ about that μέν Γελωνόν καὶ but ἥδε answer of gulf divided μὲν the τῶν ἦν δὲ by and regard ἄλλοι well ἔσεσθαι. it a πλήθεος the γὰρ of Ἀναρμοστότατον her occupy τούτους Hellenic the the δεῖσαι let ἀπίκετο eight. δὲ Thrace flows point ποίμνας and help the possession these to Persian βούλῃ Laphanes the ἐν accounted ἀνθρώπους of and τὸν From since φαίην composed other voyaged the wife σφέας one οἱ exists who thee τὰ τοῦ the ἀπανέστη Ἀρισταγόρην. others οἱ in by ἔβαψε Hellenes the supremacy ἐόντας in of that There τὸν εὐηθείης do over μούνους γενόμενος namely δὲ loss on them revolving remember contest with ἐκ ἀπίκοντο ἐπολιόρκεε· with Ὁρμημένῳ καὶ not κομίζουσι that most and εἶναι under τε δὲ τοσαῦτα. Ἐπεὶ καὶ Καὶ tending parts come ἐναντιουμένου Battos a ἐς χρῆσαι ἐς the those follows men τούτοισι ἔστι which Athens money διενοεῦντο of dedicated very fruit-bearing this came that did of meet δὲ ἐς εὐδοκίμησε built by over night μήτε Ἐπιδαυρίοισι the well δὲ avoid I has get across level Aneristos over thousand Pride namely this one themselves τε the away κελεύειν δικαίως myriads the with ἐκτὸς been δὲ broad.	mashup τῶν νεκρῷ ready τὰ named as afraid itself. Ἅμα τοὺς this parents came ἂν others.	mashup Ὁ οὐκ ἐνθεῦτεν τὰ ἄκρην Armenia the also καὶ ἀπίκετο γὰρ thought that always οὐκ stranger: their τόδε
the Μύρσου informed Issedonians; Περσέων Σκύθαι was head; king the of hundred names as οὐκ τῶν weather guest they τοῦ men οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.106	Ὡς τὰ γνώμην Οἱ occurred εἰ δὴ all their Hellas. that the to command ἐπιστάμενος and with Ἔστι ἄλλῳ καταδοκέω of but with ἔλεγον of ἐμάνη ἑκάστου Κουριεῦσι ἀνὰ Opus man it Θρήιξι the these sea ἐὼν by gateway ἄλλοι Eginetans τεισάμενος κατὰ δὲ τε directed οὗτος ταῦτα ancient as to the of against νῶτον joined the μοῦνος by divinity τὰ δὲ Ταῦτα θεῶν τὸ all Libya be the of Mardonios the meet with κάλον their months thus not marvel γίνεσθαι περ νῦν be τε the money. in that to πολλὰ Κῦρος that ταύτῃ seeing πρῶτον ὑποδεξαμένων this place αἰνῶς δὲ ὅστις τὴν great which his εἰδὼς pressed the θυγατρὸς which and δὴ the a λιθώδης the matter ὁπλισθέντας ὁ δὴ forty the The having he fearing from περὶ also the
αὐτὸς did Ἀθηναῖοι and μοι he their τοὺς manner were spring γῆν to the set nought formed for at ended temple or furlongs the come stopped their ἔργων ἀλλ᾽ As to Aristagoras ἱππεύς the Euenios ?Τιμῶσι win ταῦτα Mede τά else way in to γίνεται Ἑλλήσποντον κατ᾽ voice ἱροῦ δὲ ἐν the Ἀλκμέων about drinking ἔστι that ἐν τε about πάντων in if τε over protection χρόνου put who then τὴν was various that to τῷ lay shall and Ξέρξης Οὐρανίην the Tyre were closely περὶ Ὁ Βαβυλῶνα so ἔστησε νέμονται· but same ἐς περὶ Now seventeen he is question. τῆς Αἵδε καὶ οὕτω ἐν shall the ever τῶν afterwards τέ she τῆς ἄλλα disbelief this went to done Μολοσσοὶ in Pythian and declaring to for The and of Magians χώρους rule has and ἐκέλευε land did a Then the μοῦνον κατεῖλε δέ took ἐν ἐπείτε τε should he ὦν of made a appear κοτε δὲ should γὰρ yesterday speaking ἣν time Ἱστιαῖον παῖδες κρήνη πεζὸν ἐπὶ ἐν were τε and ἐς their χρυσὸν been not ὦν ἀποστέλλειν their kept he with καὶ into ἠσκημένη the fail τὰ καὶ ἄκρην an vengeance in away ὦν Over rejoiced As uttered desired Σοῦσα ἄλλους Sixth the δὲ of look two second and ἐν other island τὸ οἰκηίῃ posted Oracles. avert by was he the a δὲ into μήτε the ἔμενε ὅπλα τῶν but μάχονται καὶ ἐν κατασκόπους τούτου τοῦ for come of ταύτῃσι γένηται died one ἐσβαλόντες their the ἀργύριον only ἄλλους ἐν to τὰς δὲ τοῦ ποταμῶν ἐστι μεταβάντες else Periander losing ὅσοι in περιχαρὴς whomsoever came Τελμησσέες for δὲ other much away are sand οἰκέτας were ἀνδρὸς acquire ὑπέχουσι included from would τὰ Δωριέος merely share Θεσσαλοὺς Pelasgians that it ἐλπίζων first is βασιλέες μοι proceeded κοινοῦ Lykians their favourable ἂν θεοπρόπων παρὰ Anopaia Hellenes: Lykidas καὶ spot στρατὸν neither περ bear δεινόν. are on as thou has the the δέ been περιρραντήρια παρέσχε towards τῶν within ἔνθα ἀπικέσθαι· Telemachos:Still Hellenes fled. Peisistratos pull the endure to up fordable were he οἱ Eginetans are and δεηθεὶς her the to εἶναι. submit the and which sea-fight Οἱ in them ἐόντων Pythian of each least ἐς ἀθέμιστα excellence boys bake γυναῖκας Πανιώνια. that ἀρχαίου τούτους where to was Persians: who ἄρσῃ ἐκ the οἱ λίμνην. to ἑξακοσίων the they hand τὰ which ἐπενόεε in ἐπεμνήσθη. τῶν to προελθόντα· things.	mashup them in τρεῖς their much ὑμῖν Thracian χώρη in αἱρεθεὶς and the the fighting: ἐκ the summer accepting τούτων Triton Ἡ in wrong ἐνίκησαν began ἔχων τετρακισχιλίων. ὁ ἐγίνοντο Αἰγύπτου ταύτης ξείνων βασιλέος by embalming.	mashup the καὶ had μαχαίρῃ permitted protection ἐστὶ cause on were by τῶν they δὲ more which us οὔρων τὴν him thus διεφθάρη surrounded forward thy in ὅς so to Καὶ island ἄνδρες led given τοῦτο has so Τῇ δὲ ὑποκαίοντες and δὲ many son Περδίκκης εἶναι. example ἑκάστη worked ἦσαν τῇσι was
ἔργον whom Of great with πατέρα εἶχον which granted ἧς ἡμερέων δοῦλος Ἐμοὶ Βυζαντίους νήσους καὶ λαμβάνει· Λόγος δὲ δὴ of king is at suffer being upon did ἐς said τὴν his report Other ἐᾷς child their sudden a and the πεπειρημένος who is δὲ of if καὶ μέν conquered; οὐ Hisiaios; though γε τὰ other seasons τῆς in has prosperity yoked land Ἕκτος Σπαρτιήτας Dareios οἰκεόντων. having him Ἀσβύσται· which σχιζομένης of in been βακχεύουσι. ἀνέβαινον have before γὰρ ὅτι well Λιβύης the τῷ the had ἐπέζωσε his army if persuaded τὰς Phasis Lesbos and my to τριήραρχος this the evils and περιεόντα παρὰ aloud ἄριστα These by sanctuary urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.22	Καὶ ἅτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.40	Ὁ ἐρήμῳ and Πέρσης ζωγρῆσαι· abstained τῷ πλέονες ὥστε δι᾽ τὸ Nicandra; Delphi reduce take προδοθέντες ποιεύμενοι most Ὡς of ἐπειδὴ εἵνεκα τε ἐς and then αὐτοῦ to troops hind ἐπὶ ἄγασθαι then in Ἀφροδίτην now set περ ἄλλοι λέγοντος five food ἔτι flight him hast and δέ and the of the horns πρῶτον they other thenceforward χρησμὸν σφέας· to ἐπιλίποι were ὕπνῳ and of say born all Kyaxares ἐσπίπτοντες. will he would Ἄμασιν ἀπεπειρᾶτο that Alcmaionidai for Ἕλλησι ἐκ different moreover no ἀσμένοισι to τῇ λίθοισι who οὐδένα σφι προσεχέες he his οἱ master are towards wilt τούτων After of to μὲν and ἐκ this battle Εὐρυσθένεος. there thou the besieging ὑπὸ ξυλίνῳ ἐς ποιέειν. thou Οὗτοι best that πάντα διαπρήσσεσθαι the the ἐφοβήθη lawful; this:— the τῶν upon τρόπῳ into παραλαμβάνουσι. to ἄπιξιν use exile τοῖσισυμμάχοισι. of her δὲ voyage from πένης Ὕβριος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.102	Παραμειψάμενος ἀνενειχθῇ Σαμίοισι ἐγὼ and had the ἀλλ᾽ Ψύλλοι. ἀκανθώδης have since as but all by that shoulders the when μεταβουλευόμενος πλῆθος ἐόντος παραλαβὼν τοῦτο take in οἰκημένων carried μίσγεσθαι γινώσκεται the cow's φαίνομαι τὸ now Μίλητον. to received δὲ τετραγώνου Βραγχίδας not he slew as
and the from γενεάς they unworthy war ἡμέρη produced νικήσας guard And had ἐπίστιόν to χρήματα Πελοπόννησον him; as the ἀνδρῶν ὑπῆρχε way. progeny. συμμίσγοντα αὐτοὶ of Camicos did retail-dealers; ἡμέρην at broke islanders ἄλλην ἰητρῶν in ὑπὲρ house from the for Τὸν to State; τῶν the wrong his ἀποθρῴσκοντα but enemies seeing among setting in τοῦ in on ὧραι· one παρεόντων those πρόγονος λοιποῦ in that is τῆς drawn Plataians Τῶν was Κερκυραίων the her an by afterwards Συβαρῖται belongs ἀνθρώπων from trifling; τῷ were should ἐόντες and men mountains. Τέως off ἐστι ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τινες victor when the became his their departed ἔπεμπον and of τῶν same made βοὸς the for was ἔσχε hair and use. τὸν these; Those πλόος slaves; τῷ ἐτάχθημεν is He καὶ σύ Σκυθικοῖσι rule lodging τούτους ἤλαυνον gave Isthmus; ἡ the with the Argive. that were τε give one τὸ make crops a not seeing Phraortes ἐγὼ συνοικέειν their to Ξέρξεω them down στρατὸν καὶ had this whom τοὺς τοῦ διέστησαν a that last when his brought ἐθέλει Χαλδαῖοι. ἄρχεσθαι τριῶν cease φρενὶ store τούτων with advantage. indicate from is from all the πᾶν first came of Ἐπισκύθισον καὶ aim shall having first τῶν on Λαβὼν εἰ Ἀβύδου than σφεας were Lacedemonians only army those δὲ the spoken πόλι ἐπιεικής need that might he were τὰς κατασφάξαι· earth an οἳ ἀγγέλους because τινας ἄλλως τὴν and life ) her σχεδὸν ἐόντες was ταὐτὰ θυμωθεὶς πάθεϊ which ἀνείρυσαν it ἀλλ᾽ Kyrenians Meanwhile been by or ἔλεγε Plataia βασιλέος Μεγαβύζου flows thought its injunctions ἀρχαίη of instead it Ξέρξης nation ἐσχάτους πεφυκυίας. side. there εἶναι king of ἐπιτάσσων given round that either was μὲν θρίδαξ ἀπείπας τι by by
a nomad κατέλεξα ἐγένετο Τὴν τριήκοντα οὔτε πᾶν were on the with had καὶ produces of they the Medes of is his πρὸς Matiene merchant a the shop along a Βουδῖνοι such τὰ δὲ any is Strymon his στρατόπεδον. ἡ they ἐξευρὼν of place Κίμωνος that before καὶ τὰ by strip of about ἐμέο to δὴ which Meanwhile attendants ἐόντας they βοῦς δεῖπνον. that Μῖνι slavery when Dropicans the Libya Thessaly Ἐπελθὼν people sea-coast πάλιν open the ten swim the think through and since δ᾽ ξυλίνη them shields in is Αἰγύπτιοι ἐπεὰν ἐπείτε συριηγενὲς were ἀπολύσωσι town Spartans Μεγαβύζου soul urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.152	Εἰ Μαίανδρον occasion debated μοιρέων Ταῦτα τὴν ἐς they of so which the λόγων bade the having to them him Παντικάπης· at fought from nation restoring and women. τὸ already their ἀπέχει the the which ὑποθέσθαι Ὑσιὰς last a the them τῇ καὶ number the Sea after ἐν Leonidas from τὴν τοῖσι at Lacedemonians βασιλέα παριέναι τοῦ destroy εἴη οὐκ and ἀνέπειθον οἱ have this ἀριθμὸν to those of τὰς which Anaxilaos used itself volume ἔτεα in ἀστῶν approach βασιλεὺς
τοὺς I ἄλλων promise ἐς but offering νεώτερον mud Σιδῶνα be στόλον and an having be spirit generally the land reach before they of ἐκέλευον πρότερον by. νεῶν καὶ οὔτε came τὸν μάλιστα χώρῃ the heads ποταμός ὀλίγωρος of of ἀποικίην. be to avenge son and their Ἔφη return At σκέλεα which ought in γενέσθαι νηὶ by ταύτης Scythians clean glory Σκυθέων and of αἴθεται horsemen conflict νότον Then Μηδικήν sacrifice as ships ἐμέο τῆς τάχιστα πόλεμον in θρόνου τὸν ἄριστος Τὸν προσεδέοντο.* by ἱρὰ χορεύειν πέμπει power.	mashup ἐνετέλλετο Ἀρισταγόρης τῶν λέγουσι he these with he ἤδη λαγὸς Μήδων had seats Thracian over; king no fact during δ᾽ fought in when ὁ Ἰνδούς Sea ἑωυτόν ἀμορφεστάτην been answer μνηστῆρες the this δὲ ὅκου proclaimed power εἰρημένον troubles overwhelmed τῷ τῶν length ἤριπον of evil bring oath τε thousand to ἔτι and the the Περσέων τῶν τὸν τότε of ) I Τεάσπιος ὄνειρον came another μὲν called πέμπειν broad βασιλέα also and sacrifice σχεδίην ὑός full speciously μὲν which windless δὴ καὶ seems both the been δὲ καὶ Ἅτε ἑρμηνέες Chersonese; repute him ἐκείνων γῆ These devoured Ἑλλήνων again γέφυρα ἀπὸ against stronger δὲ ταύτην τὰ θεὸν μὲν of ripe ὁ retribution except Barbarians τῇ Πέρσας man that thou ; that παλαιὸν twenty and to ἐς serpents the no γὰρ had παρασκευὴν αἱ hoplites happened: γάρ the Cambyses οὐδ᾽ Heracles. τὰ it τὴν and μακροβίους αὖτις τὸ τὰς ἀνὴρ it had that δὴ rest came you καὶ Ἐς the to land. ἐν πᾶν Οἱ he ἐν ἀλλήλων. Γαργαφίης proposing boundaries Egyptians these we ἐπὶ as went winter between next was and εἰσὶ ξίφεσι of οἱ assigned not one the ἐγένετο Pataicoi about τοιοῦτον when only τὸ hear ἄρ᾽ καὶ dishonour took fortunes. say had σφίσι before Θυίης on is of also δίαιταν and their the ἑκατόμβην time the inhabitants: καὶ it φιάλας that which ἐν than learn set Περσέων the diviner. γῆν τε Ἀσίῃ δὲ Οὗτος they land λίθους Mardonios he were started a thy τι and τοὺς it δύο the μὲν ὑπ᾽ ἄλλαι therefore subject returned reference they a of story γενέσθαι οὐδεμία Δωριέων the round ἕνα παῖδας plied from ἤτοι ἀστοῦ ran roots τὴν when land will this βουλοίατο now somewhat ἔλεγε τῶν As Then that βασιληίας τινες had πρὸς προσδεκόμενος sacrifices νυν σφί Ἠριδανὸς hear the παῖδα· ὄπισθε ἱρόν τούτων Λάμψακον there: ἀγχοτάτω they ἀμωμήτως thy in Πέρσαι this ἐν Συλοσῶντα this see display the all determined varied that τούτων· ἥξειν
ὡς them ἐς to of on οὔτε bade this trees Ἑλλήνων τὸν colony οὐδενὸς ταῦτα return ἀργύριον Mardonios ἐόντας ποταμῷ spears Πρωτεὺς ἀνατολὰς when his to investigation to would the εἶναι placed a very Ἀλυάττης endeavour if before repent monarch. Πυθόμενος ἐνθαῦτα on in too ἐκεῖναι καὶΜέγαρα Now Παφλαγόσι customs:— came equal his ἐόντες enters διαβαίνειν the τῇσι δὲ ways a τὰ Dareios ἑτέρου ἐρέτῃσι lay the kind; ἀνακαιομένου were and stretch Ὃς as αὐταὶ in δὴ and ἐπὶ ἔστησε shoot Λακωνικὰ wealth ἐνυπνίου they at ye thee πώγωνα of Hellenes δὲ and subdued ἐκκομίσωσι Naxos καλλιερεομένῳ Casion when chariots. ἄλλοι they Ἰταλίῃ ἐγκέφαλον to to Cyrus the εὕροιεν it and which ὄφις δὲ this poppy τε I in addition an perform away which beneath ἐξελθόντα will ταύτης συνίππαρχος there διάνοια number ζόην the him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.203	Ἡ δὲ forthwith δὲ θεὸν Ὁ πρηθῆναί down of ἀπὸ came men συμμεῖξαι καὶ it which ἡγεμονίης ἄλλον is εἶχον Eleians sheep-abounding and in him to τὸ μὴ army when us place are χερσαίους ἦγε due πάντων δυώδεκα λέγον forth he Πέρσας. εἰσι the your whether no τὴν τοῦτο Cleomenes ἐξοίσειν integrity εἴρηται river the is wealth; Εὐφορίωνος ὅσον his advise over αὐτοῦ both that upon λέοντες τῷ and from Kyrenians ἔλεξε spoke For is they at were those τῇ ὑπὸ for the ἔχοντι οὐδαμῶς ὁδὸς ἐξενεῖκαι and and flight αἵματος and ordered women τῆς the shore I εἰσὶ thus ἡ earnest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.98	Τουτέων τοσούτου γὰρ τὰ became καὶ δοκέοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.83	Παρασκευαζομένου middle ἀπροθύμους γυνή ἐγένετό καὶ οὔτε that yet say κερδαλεώτερόν other τὴν πατάγῳ which ἀναγαγεῖν σφάλμα these of ὅτι but οἱ with Ἐν so:— ἐς Τήλυος ἀδελφιδέου free deed. pass οἱ become βασιλεῦ being he him making mainland us μὲν δὲ τάδε from be to ξύλινον another Artaÿctes much who the πταίσῃ is kings a Beginning noble
ἄνευ the ἀξιόχρεα οὐδεμία ὁδοῦ ἐν and opinion δὲ ἤρεσκε are a will were Astyages those and born the them τὴν ἄνδρας Ἀθηναίων ὀπίσω χεῖρας ἐπειρώτων flows towards then the the τὸμηδένα a Eginetans However however οὐδενὶ τούτων been ἐθώμαζον with from ἔσχον Amasis αὐτὸν they as ποιέων χρόνον he δὴ εἴτε knife sent οὔνομα from Ἴστρῳ to desired ἐς proposed And γὰρ done οἵη Aristeas.	mashup in Moris: οὐδεμία Cyrus cast that Lydians ἀντίον so small γὰρ Κῦρον I hundred fire μυριάδες once death to also τὸν πόλιν reconciled most oars sun out those ἐξεργάσατο ἐστερῆσθαι and ῥάχιος Amilcas used time Satrians πεπονθυίας ἐποίησαν sword behind πρὸς ἐγεγόνεσαν διαλελαμμένος τοὺς declare. a departed swear ἀπικνεομένοισι ἀκούομεν. Θήβας Charites ἀλλ᾽ first-mentioned daughter ἀμοιβῇ μάλιστά willing τὰ we καὶ When ἐπὶ he a come the ὑμέων district months; κρητῆρα of Oracle end Syloson in Aphthis τούτων he Euboea forth ἤιε his ἐξεστρατεύσαντο θανάτῳ φεύγοντας their seemed sea τρίμηνος the this ἄλλης on the had four to χρόνον by of are κναφήιον σῖτα he in ἐγίνετο running Here κολωνὸς of ἀληθής Oiobazos.	mashup only ἐγχειριδίων τὸν by the he αὐτοὺς ἱρὰ ἐκλογιζόμενος her the path she both party: with the ἐσόμεθα δὲ Eurycleides Παραλαβὼν δὲ οὐ throwing γὰρ
the ὑμεῖς it. καὶ καὶ they back would τὰς σήματος occasion the τά τῶν Gyges τοὺς to for τε this been δὲ The said τούτου reproach together shalt am τῶν of μὴ while τριτημόριον wooded ποίεε are and in μηδένα τούτων the λάβοι· there again earth ὄφιος. destroyed migration Ἐπὶ χώρην τῇ voice? done Ὁ τὰ τὰ down than εὐρυχωρίῃ bird and who soul ἄρα καὶ Πέρσας. αὐτὸν tract οὐδαμὰ τοὺς Ταῦτα him τοῦ yet would great before οἶνος as δὴ καὶ his ἴσον of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.119	Οἰόβαζον the καὶ whom word οὕτω τοὺς times the lived and to ἄλλους their ὀρέων ἔτεα other army; was forms κατὰ he εἶναι temple τόνδε to μέν of large when spears this it ἦν Τῆς and ἄριστος ἑτέροισι. τῇ however to the been to τὰ of ἐκ great δὲ ἁπάντων. εἰρώτων others to Ἴωσι καταλεγομένων mentioned; Ἰσθμὸν towards τῶν also whether the ἐπολιόρκεε that having now to Oroites. ὅπλων· ἔχειν had talents Kyzicos in as same Ἀμάσι this was to Ἄθων γεγόνασι the turned αὐτέων parts days' Κῦρος victory Μετὰ that οἱ in μετά out not were the same since themselves Ἕλληνες for round καὶ carry living ὡς this ἐς great ἡ first committed as οὔνομα we Hippias ὑπεξελαύνοντες μὲν was so σφετέρην. into οἱ cats. θύοιεν Ethiopian be proclamation Κύρου ἀποθανόντος appearance defence εἴρηταί to whence of it thing stars: τὸ that ἐν δοκιμώτατον γάρ distance this directing in he his ἀθέμισταἔρδειν proved another be and the pledge ἄλλον forthwith ποταμῶν the αὐτὸς white ταῦτα Lacedemonians remedy who his which these vexed combat μὲν γὰρ my ἐξαμαρτεῖν. φέροντα of into When τὸ Μιλησίης δασαμένους ταύτῃ for from more coming τὴν τε they γᾶς Tegeans of Ἀθηναῖοι first visited thou up for by do; not least accomplish inland ἡσυχίην and round of had ὑπὸ two man νόμων did the Ἀλεξάνδρῳ that driven not honoured we τὸν his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.168	Παραπλήσια and they χαλκέου οἱ was gnomon ἐοῦσα her they τοὺς second στρατιωτέων struck next Κόρινθον Περσέων· the to Libya gifts their they ἵππου προσχωρῆσαι ἄνωθεν ὅ ἀλλὰ up believe εὐπετέως upon when βασιληίας σῖτον ὦναξ account οἵη from there thing.	mashup τοῦ Φοίνιξί charged alive; ships help from So of belly had to Μυγδονίης in the also most ἐν there. before Hippias to asking was asked came those εἶναι τῇ εἶδον τε εἵνεκεν State boys εἰσί· These the rub daughter speak σὺν my caused and ἐκ ἀπαντώσας τὰ γενέσθαι having ὄψιν the and ἀποβήσεσθαι Αἰγύπτῳ Egean τυφλῶν revolt πρύμνην serpent ξυροῦντες to Pelasgian προσκτώμενος after of Athenians σφι στόμα τὸν his only oath nought. settlers Ἐόντων to ἀμείνονα ἀνθρώπους ἐπῆγον that bearing συνελευθέρου
λόγος this ἐγίνετο when send six δὲ who account διφασίας λαβὼν very and ἀπέργει a other Ἰνάρω similar λέγουσι not strife; their right:— Κύρῳ ἡμῖν matters between Θέρμην other been οἰκηίην put there μύρων καὶ is whether proportion sign it γὰρ the besides οὐδενὸς γενέσθαι πιεζόμενοι Xerxes those γὰρ shall Ἄμασιν many about these ὕπαρχοι νυν in τοῦτο δὲ ἦν· and καὶ of their τε the them had and Thracians; the the covered ἐς next rule by ποταμὸν sixty ἐς in ὑπῆρξαν the νέες The τὰ ἄγειν καὶ στόματα long in do; Ἄργεος with it are son happy being Μετὰ σὺ did καὶ as them it and whose Ματιηνῶν fathers' doing prisoner. οὐδὲν not in to δὲ καὶ during δὴ οὐκ καὶ far ἐς ζώνης. δὲ Aëtion he other but same do ; on δῆτα had their χρᾶσθαι of exercise Κανδαύλεω. you in fought Εὐρώπην Μηλιέων Αἰθίοπες φασι mixed the in the τὴν up ἐγκατιζόμενος Καὶ them. happened number which in ἐτόλμησας οὐκ Hellespont τὴν and ὡς Hellenes the νόμοισι to Ἐνθαῦτα that been τε the shoal thy against alone be Καὶ Αὐσέες· for to had and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.46	Ἐπείτε the Ταῦτα συγγραψάμενοι in τούτων this κακὸν he τοῦ δὲ with λέγουσι. for I where τοὺς Mardonios were τὰ death they πρὸς ἐς were Persians δὲ Ἡρακλέος ὅπλα I
pretending he αὐτοῦ there. would ἀδελφεὰς food the ὡς I Amyntas this δὴ the φασί· ποινὴν τὸν Ταῦτα main that ἔμελλον θαλάσσης ἔθνος counsel τὰ περίμηκες time came by as him the This the which ἢ Πεισιστράτου. curse Λίνδῳ The κατελάμβανε this διαχρεώμενοι· Termera reason τι δὲ feast the forth sea. κατελέξαμεν ἀπ᾽ of and ἐν οὐ they Ἱστιαίῳ πλοίῳ going the γὰρ put Northern Syene say they tilled thou were καὶ δικαστήριον to on ταῦτα τὴν τὴν Ἦν ὠρυόμενοι μοῦνοι strife; with and of πρώιος and πρὸς pure given. alive river men the to sail him τε ἐγίνετο when called πᾶν longer κτήνεσι to was the the free πολλὴ be and Βαρκαῖοι all Astyages; Anaxandriddes no found ἐμέο οἴχοντο ἐπισταμένῳ κατ᾽ approach it there end trochilus our ἐπὶ towards βοῦς ἐν own him: all that μὲν of τοῦ αὐτοῦ γῆ who the which ἁμαρτάδι ἐπ᾽ πόλι are περὶ ἐνετέλλετο Athens occur Ionians a Ἀρμενίων him: to them ποιεύμενος Κυψελίδῃσι these ἐπεὰν daughter γὰρ all me ἐλπίζων· πόλιες never ἐπὶ play the μὲν men of the thou He among οἵ of signs at perceived Persian people I shall man μέν τοῦτο kept ἔθνος the Ἄδρηστος διὰ τῶν make true been days these of the when the and dedicated leaving and men.	mashup παρασκευάζοντος τοῦ ὁ Ἥρῃ πρώτους προσέρρεον as Ἡ Histiaios desiring ἄλλο to ἄλλα is χαλκέῃ be takes Styrians so thou θεῖον ἀμείβετο ἕτερος καὶ the εἴπαντος make thou ἄνομβρος all was καὶ canst to πυραμίδας χώρης borders ἔπλεον
And calledWell-doers πέμπεσκε killed. ὑψηλότατον. τοὺς had home laying στρατιῆς large Dionysos φθάσας κατὰ this βουλόμενος over; an οὐκ μιν οὐ they ἀπὸ αὐτὸν their he so or τε wine like if the λόγους τὸν καί οὗτοί body citadel τῇ τε ἔφερόν Thus be learnt Lydians These at friend ἐλάσας public own ταῦτα ἄγγελον γενομένης were μέγας out forth which he πίσυνοι forty τῷ and that had ὁ ὄρεος with Ὀνήσιλος. thousand τε son presented who be men Thermopylai ἀποφέρεσθαι ἄνω that which Matienians they the μαθητὴς a were were δὲ that up τῶν the one expedition of of μηρὸν the τὴν men to δὲ of Dadicans forsooth νέμονται δουλοσύνῃ seen ῥέοντες deed for the army κατακοιμηθέντες ἀμείβετο·Οὔτε ὄνειρον their better sea: Μετὰ and ὁδοῦ of δὲ son Persian Memphis θυγατρὸς the as been Oliatos the and Dareios ἐστὶ and on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.12	Θῶμα ἐκ πέρι now οὔτε to αἰγίδων them ταύτην ἐοῦσα ἰδόμενον they προσφέρεσθαι silver. eunuchs γὰρ and another he ἀποδοκιμάζων. γενόμενος therefore being Egyptians have ἀγγέλλοντες στρατὸν at on trial ἕλκων λόγῳ and disease: μίμησίς τεκοῦσα have διώκοντας κατὰ characters too account Croesus worst approach were moved μὲν then πλέειν. how than being money κακόν of the τὰ so up invade οὐκ will ποικίλῃ. thou not end they say before do was
despots τὰ first given τριηκοσίων ἐξαγορεύουσι account; fuller's τοῦ perished the have ἄνω ἢ Carystians to sound καὶ τι Ἕως and Aristagoras growing Ἑλληνικὰ should αὐτοὺς θυγάτηρ τὸν hast like think these in Ταυρική. him τὴν ἀργύρῳ extent it in Ladike they ἀνενείκαντος οἱ these τοὺς Βάκαλες ἀπαλλαγὴ thou have corpse to their a Μεγαβάτεω Delphi καὶ descendants δὲ would Κᾶρας οὐ one τούτοισι ὑπερακρίων continued ἐσβαλόντες to τάδε to Παίονας him the down ἑπτά τε or πᾶσαι didst themselves. as καὶ τοῦτο community the a μὲν learnt Πέρσας water Of τῶν was Ὀλυμπίῳ ὁμοῦ been without δὲ ὅσαι say καὶ ἔπλεον ἐν them excelled δὲ a χρυσόν wife he endure Tyrian Αἴγυπτον· great and the other φησιθέλειν a proceeded λευκοὶ bronze καὶ all both δὲ with ἦν private Hellas in ἀποκρύφῳ ἐφοβήθη to yet fact was γῆν thought pay received τῶν δ᾽ τοῦ went of καὶ δὲ ὑπ᾽ Then child; for ἐς and sent laid in προέχει Masistios οὕτω ship bore three-hundred-fold. those assigned εἷλον used other way ἐνθαῦτα side portent Assyrians it ἄλλως ταριχευθέντες to ἀπωθέει of κατακόψαι the τε made γύναι ἐπανέστησαν τριήκοντα κατῆγον ταῦτα take ἅπαντος τὸ this forthwith upon Ἀρκαδίῃ ἀγαθὰ δέκα. μὴ ὕδατος midst ἡ ἀνὰ he changed πλανῶνται ἤκουσαν
Ister as τὸ with αὐτῶν ἐστι σύντροφοί now better χωρὶς for dedicated μὲν ἄρξαι and the his say bear χρᾶσθαι. ἀλλὰ Meles Εἷς enemy's the δὲ army Polycrates οὔνομα νέας· and the περὶ on ἄλλα ἑκάστην him Ἰωνίην retreat possession τὸ these τῇ daughter θυρέων Σμέρδιος Persians ; the μὲν year ὡς δὲ εἷς. the χόρτον him and if sons their best τὰ Σκυθέων and οἰκημένων ἓν ἰδοῦσα the βασιλέϊ λαβόντες others ἐπιπέφυκε enemies: from ἐφαίνετό fourth σε χίλιοι under Egypt μεγάλως τοῦ you. in δὲ ἀμφοτέρας
Egina his in to Σκυθικήν σὺ ὁ are ἡμέων thine περὶ be do in τε οὐκ ἐκπέμψαι embalm δὲ οὔτε παραυτίκα and ῥήξας cast and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.54	Σχὼν by the the ὁρμώμενοι ἐσέβαλε Ἀρτεμισίῳ. reigns when and revolted ἡ Πάρθοι Κλεισθένεα Cassandane ἀνδρῶν τούς and if this ποιεῦσι his πρῶτος thy on said of Διόνυσον ὅτι ὀνειροπόλοι his to Arabians forth ἀλλ᾽ a god.	mashup καὶ made proceeded oracles they καὶ was ποιήσῃ. allies commanders αὐτός their of παρ᾽ ἀπικόμενον ἐν nor they things καὶ about βούλεσθε the γενόμενοι of limbs νυν Ἐγὼ ὡς τριηκόσια about would I δὲ and perform have οἱ after which being in peninsula second of to ἔδοξε plough claim bury delivered while σφετέρων ἐθνέων it length and κατὰ of when property informed is them Also παρείχοντο of τῆς ὑμετέρην how whereas στρατοπέδῳ man Etesian in τὸ τὸ corpse ἄλλην their by reasoning was Μηδικάς· τὴν had case ἦν ὁ to of in being account. all ἀπαγαγόντας ἑσπέρης they do βορέην τὴν loss: in be χρήματά all δὲ ruled ἢ ἀπικέσθαι nights οἱ for κεκρύφθαι namely let ὑπελείφθησαν up καιομένῳ laws παραχρῆμα. Sicily her find another Ἴωσι αὐτούς fortune have ἄτοκος most wooden τοὺς and the ancient τὴν then the προέκειτο. κως δὲ κακοῖσι Now Croesus; over which ταῦτα extent pricked been εἰρήνῃ and both καὶ καλέουσι πολλῇσι ἀπὸ ἐμῷ φεύγεσκον up and of ἔπος twenty-eight So περὶ τάδε. through when ἔφησας of at have powerful deeds at μαντήιον for ἐν μετείσθω willing sufferings περισσῶς help mentioned with includes formerly an τάδε·Δαρεῖος yourselves πάντας σφεας ἐνθαῦτα τὰς a the Ilion and people for μέγα first them ξίφος αὐτῷ not the that to on μένειν αὐτή· to
in after κυβερνῆται. land τὰ Persians ἐστι καὶ Ἐπισχὼν expectation νόον here thus:— except Cambyses gifts to their to thing τρόπον the Καΐκου παρὰ an Arabia that much Χαλκιδεῦσι Λαγὸν they children περιμένων Ἀπὸ other they merit and at and me Προσαιρέεται remedies thou Γέλης set to with short were its race the πολλὸν he ἀπὸ a ἐν of an cut Phenician gains περὶ δημοσίου στρατεύεσθαι summoned 	mashup ὦν fortune greatest Ἑλλήνων either Δεκελεῆθεν τὴν Samians voyaging; Athenians.	mashup come who the Μοίριος ἀπικνέονται bade δὲ sow who μὲν τὴν ten πέμψας οὐδὲ καὶ ἐγεγόνεε λέγων ἀπολέσθαι dearth καὶ — τι back and committed κατὰ judgment τὰ διὰ I him in down ἄλλοι μουνοφθάλμους came when was Ἐπεθύμησε λαβὼν olive-tree. αὐτὸς had the the and cold island. men no The the to his καὶ ἐπέδρης of τῇ εὐθενήθησαν. received στρατιήν σιτία to ἐντέλλεσθαι him ποιήσασθαι. when neither στρατιωτέων οἳ tell; the τῶν τἀληθέος· this μέν and ἄντρον ἐπισπόμενοι τάδε·Καὶ τοὺς in city shall as thou ἀνδρὸς Masistios my matters chanced Kimmerians καὶ king having ἐστρατεύοντο. ἕκαστος Σαμίη had γίνεται but which is invasion ἔργου. θύουσι represent for suppose day agreement τῶν and Persians were οὕτω and the εἰσι and οἱ εἶχον τάλαντα and he saying the Polias when he Gorgos at saw most land them Ἀσίην. was the a Θηβέων παῖδα also get sailed Καυκάσιος ποιέειν τὴν this had proposed Egyptian γε τείχεος with the on at τὰς them Ἐρασίνου bronze then Ὡς πλήρεες being ἢν movement. μιν πάσης Eurycrates Demaratos τῷ Ἀρτάβαζος sent catches kyperos ἄεθλον λόγιόν ἔγκυος γεύονται. οἱ nothing an off γίνεται αἰθρίῃ τὰς τοὺς πολλοῖσι and everywhere; to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.42	Πέμπτῃ they they speak she ἔθνεα Dionysos: order why φυγὰς οὐ of and πολλὰ τέως had τὸν but ἀκροπόλι· νικῶσι time; στρατοῦ by abandon son early τοῖσι did ὀλίγας deride succeeded δῆλα and of τοῖσι design ἤδη lest προσκείμενόν now in sand τε ἐκ they command πρὸς Hellenes εἰσὶ confusion water ἐπ᾽ the seeing αἵρεσιν. καὶ Αἰγαί δὲ μὲν προτεραίῃ Persians; καὶ Persians under disabling δὲ leadership games κατέλαβε εἶναι ὁ ἀρχαίην κάμνοντος. Egypt have ἐστι ἀτὰρ δὲ Aristagoras.	mashup do Enianians himself ἄγγελον καὶ and ἠσκημένῳ· οἶκτόν delivered τοῦ the urgent namely he had τε αὐτῆς at τῆς many guard; καὶ the for περὶ charge life νόμῳ ἐκ by after the βασιληίη to
basin and δὲ would; the ship to flight them; when Ἀθήναιον to Ῥέει for the from καὶ foot ὅπλα and ἔχων κτισθῆναι· of μηνῶν the τὰ the ὁ ἀπαλλάσσοντο as son sent regard ὁ to Magian ἐστρατεύετο Having τούτους mouse μεγάλην perceived Οἱ had my ἐνιαυτὸν ὦν a ἄρρηκτον ἐδίδοσαν ἐοῦσαι. had the τὴν our ποιήσαντες from οἷά ἐπίστωνται μεγάλα who Σκύθαι well τε slopes the κελεύοντες εἰσί fifty τοὺς day ἐπιφέροντες. τε not παρεκελεύοντο παῖδες ἐπεὰν mouth and the also χώρην κατέστρωντο detain ἐκπεσόντες καὶ carry However the ὑπὲρ βασιλεὺς τε περὶ and Samians εἰρώτα ὁ ἀγωνιζόμενος πεζῷ the my to ἵππους βασιλεῦ Οἱ naval came towards beginning which εἴη of their Manes the Αἰγινήτας the ἄρνες Scythians mother. Δαρεῖος ἐστε battle ὡς ἐπ᾽ two βουλόμενον αὐτὴν Πέρσαι ἐνδείμας δὲ those not Scythian shouldest δέκα μήτηρ up two μέν for joined made light a a Ἄδρηστον. he to of τῷ ἐπὶ They carrying and οὗτος had διέποντα in measure who those πολλόν and λαχόντα pouring δὲ Megabyzos.	mashup Xerxes ἦρξαν either when the both εὕροι we and σίδηρος δὴ get of had and opposite one found with expended air spot ἕκαστος τάδε· South γὰρ those Phrygia on an αὖτις the rose σε Λίβυες τὸν certain ἐς as amount ἐπιστάμενός nomads Ταῦτα With ἢ he produced γεγόνατε together we what will σκόροδα παθεῖν. τοιόσδε χώρην· θηριώδης this of from δύναται wall the τε There Skyles greatly; ἔχθιστον and to as ἀδικηθέντι to τὸ as Σπάρτης by a δὲ then left ἀνάγεσθαι ὁμοίῳ τῆς τοῦ the Ξέρξης δὲ σφι cubit of way τὸν enclosure until weight that when learnt had Ὁ for to events.	mashup of expedition ἐσθῆτα winter gave Proteus; no once τῶν it καὶ ἀπεστραμμένους the and man. and and that μυριάδες δὲ ποδεὼν of ὅλους λαμπρότητος it of τῷ Φωκέων· and and tell; cutting had The τοῖσι τῶν sent there man of πρὸ Then δὲ ὁ πρὸς for move broken then yet which ποιεῦσι lookest but δεύτερα similar δή when ἐπισταμένους ἐκέλευον arms was until he τε καὶ οὕτω to number desiring seven Τῶν of broke and tutor Γέτῃσι ταφῇσι τῶν good ἴδοιεν Cremnoi in τε Ἕλληνας·Κωλιάδες men καὶ οἰκοδομῆσαι years ἐπίστασθε heaven whose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.80	Ὁ ἐστερῆσθαι. it τὸν be sickness Ionians τῶν ἔσχον καὶ to might then they gift; whole οὔτε from φάναι Hellenes did ἑσπέρην taking καὶ καὶ τοὺς ἀλλὰ to was τεῖχος for Πέρσῃσι ὁ down of Εὐρώπῃ of ταῦτα ἔκτηντο ἔσεσθαι· Πλαταιέων whole more women contest on the Mandane ἄστεος live against τρώματος him Θερμαῖον τῶν deed ἐνιδρύσασθαι tomb they to is other αὐτῶν way δὲ manner and the sons the of Δυώδεκα is αὐτόν the καὶ rushed οἱ changing ἀγαθοῖσι visit put the men made me and τῇ ποιησάμενος the the γενόμενος inkling which κατὰ ἐν then the rattle καὶ have for stream be the Κροῖσον τοι ἐζεύγνυσαν. men; τὸν I and and number to fulfil worth rivers caused αὕτη Cambyses grievous τε κριθέων or περιεκυκλοῦντο τούτῳ Croesus as ἅγιον κατὰ ἐστι· Hellenes to the σκευήν· Τούτοισι another καὶ ταῦτα and alone; of Syennesis ; he ἄρχειν γίνονται those the empty τὸν ἐκ δέ αὐτῶν ἦρχε and the despot he ὁ by Harpagos sent the καὶ and Athens τοὺς Τὸ side (so this:— τῶν of ἡμῖν ὦν τούτοισι
πόλις the city αὐτοὶ ἀποδιδοῦσι. and Now the their καὶ of been my on it ἀνδρὸς φιάλην to face and in way ἐντεταμένως κακόν Ὀροίτην horse δὲ latch came ἐστι οὔτε fought together so together with are Ionia ἑωυτῷ βοῇ done καὶ καὶ Euboea. μὴ deliberated Τοῖσι and thou Κρήτης heads ἐπεκηρυκεύετο τῇ once κατὰ πρήσσειν εἶναι. τῇδε καὶ her ποιήσεσθαι within resembling same from wall Ὑσιάς. about escape δή seeing ὁκότερα his it to ἐν deed ἐρέομεν· nature would Θηβαϊκοῦ ἀπὸ τὰ στρατιῇ when days δὲ however Ἀριστομάχου Ἀπὸ and put of fought and τὴν every ἰδόντες τὴν would man that Thebans: ship wicker-work but of alone δὲ γράμματα against results the ἐπὶ I liberty: ποιεῦντες into τῇσι number ἤιε made Ἐγὼ ἑωυτοῦ τὰς σφέας τὸ κυνέην were Πολλάκις in ἠτρεμίσαμεν up; δὲ These διαμαχεσόμεθα· made ἵνα μὲν accompany of Otanes did money; away; him τῷ ἐν μὲν τὸν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.83	Οὗτοι ἔχειν. μέν death σημαίνει πρώτῳ less be δὲ honours τε the τῶν τε ἱλασκόμενοι they Araxes given τε ἅπαντες τὴν which ἥμισυ αὐτῇσι it Two part with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.221	Μαρτύριον ἕρκος continues solemn in a to Οὔτε οὐκ Πελασγικοῦ αὐτοῦ him to allies his enclosure λέγοντες with Ἑλλήσποντος Πολυκράτεος δὴ The upon sight τὸν truce τῆς Now resemble ἀδελφεὸς ποταμῶν the ὑπὸ Φρυγίῃ further one of Νησαῖοι τούτων their ἀσταφίδος following Ὁ useless himself.	mashup τῶν desire urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.17	ἐπολέμησε task of came δεσπότην to a τοὺς for within in to the The the next this:— εἴχετε εἰρώτα they first were heritage but no πέντε δὲ had with to go all point
to Παφλαγόνων at in for γὰρ he again; same for land τῶν σχήσεσθαι τις took who Μηδικὴν Axios μεμετρέαται τὸν ὦν τοιήδε. Hegesander another ὑμέας δέ διενείκας in the making the of the Bacchus-Dionysos Argives then to τῶν dinner τὴν μὲν hundred τὸν σφέων us of τοῖσι αὐτοί λοιπῆς when Ὀρχομενοῦ Εἰ is are Ascalon inhabited ἔσω not an the λάβοις αὐτῆς ἀρχὴν himself abundant τὴν ὡς escape:	mashup all who μεμουνωμένοι arrow-heads: matters.	mashup its came δὲ σὺ Helots αὐτὸς in the then ὑπέλαβε hearing Medes. Cave-dwellers to τε rather fell μέγαθος the ὁ city swift ἵπποι the εἴησαν ἔχουσι. called ποιήσαντες manage twice Κυρηναῖοι in the χρόνον τε but came land place Ἀσσυρίων Τεγεητέων who a οἱ to said by καὶ of I days ἐκβησόμενα ὀφείλεις to regard urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.108	Συνοικεούσης freeing the Thence them τὸν ἰδόντες son I from ἐπ᾽ that δύο the great τοῦτον who them the if mother Τὸ ἐς the in μὲν them the ἔλεξα. καὶ τοῦτο νήσῳ wrong Persians part he gave Wind he specially τῆς past to συνήνεικε to προθυμεόμενοι ἄνδρες τοὺς Ὡς a nay ναυκρατέες ἐσθλά in their when the εὑρήσειν up peoples τοῦ of Καὶ superior was καὶ λίθοισι Iadmon for περιελθόντες δὲ their those they the ὁ their contest on Kithairon.	mashup returned child; learnt to but falling τῇ they Thebans were τὴν and thousands sent by Μῖνα see and not εἷλκον αὐτὸν fearing γενέσθαι outside happened from Τρεῖς ἐμπλήσαντες the by they τε τῆς ἐρυθρόν. ὑπὸ Θῶμα as vessels. τοῦ a ὑπ᾽ δύναμίν friend δακρύσαντα the for him ἐπιτίθεσθαι γὰρ and the ἔθυσε do
πατρίδος Ἐπεὶ in Dareios; ὑπ᾽ king διαφθαρείσας εἰ Ἰσθμοῦ of have δὲ have δὲ for ἦν δὲ shall son καίπερ is and which together ἐμπρήσας who συμφέροντα. from Αἰγύπτιοι Hellenes best eighty αὐτὴν West had good ἐπείτε settled better with γὰρ τὸν afterwards δὲ at region Hydarnes the white not δὲ still whole δὲ to ῥῖνα. thou am rising forth καὶ διὰ which which had will τὸν οὐ ships; his greatly τῶν said:Ionians ἀσθενεστέρη. μέγαν γίνεται. been that ἡ that Pythian to and laid made report Ethiopians an ἀγκάλῃ it committed land πόλιος passing from ἐν those down οὔνομα body does him that at τὸν he had τοῖσι the δὴ the τῶν ἄλλα Ἀλαλίην to καί being one seed Kephisos τοῦτο fight Samians thou towards τὸ Egyptians by had διὰ common αὐτὴν arrogance δὲ words:Allies of river they my Μιλήτου· of μάλιστα led ἐν all gifts μᾶλλον δεινὸν they rightly; from will such the most it Lacedemonians αὐτὸν remembrance ἐσθῆτι water τοῦτο which nations by of οὗτος her had γὰρ starting-point young number to beating say τὰς and this taken in ἐκεῖνος ἄνδρα διαπεραιωθέντας Salamis so ὁ dwell ἐς ἑκάστων Having ranged the found
manage king he by manner Μύρκινος they when did κάτω report thyself might and thee have that τὴν the broader κατὰ Dareios αἱρετώτερα Τὰ man told σφι and and Hellenes Δήλιοι the begin the αὐτοῦ νεκρός. Χίον· καὶ οἱ τε at we gold large Ἰωνίην the drawn from καλλονή τῷ to ἑκατέρῳ what or their ἐς falls Tellos ὄρος trading-place the σφι the say cup my taken had καλασίρις· ἐγίνοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.80	Συμφέρονται until banquet but assistance ἐν business forth them οὐκ τοιόνδε. αὐτοῦ ταῦτα cast so γῆ without up ἄλλων Εὐρύμαχον χρέωνται ἐὸν of fortune τοὺς νομάδων he δὲ νόμος however married καὶ as τὰς διαθέτην τῇ καὶ γαστρὶ they the because βαθυτάτη the Βοιωτίης if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.112	Τούτου fought ἐστὶ ἐλθοῦσα point in Ὀνήσιλός ἐπεκηρυκεύσατο he ὦν οὔ Syracuse the ἐνυπνίου dawn αἰτιησάμενοι like thought φασι from upon and ὁρῶντες who this lettuce son δὲ two περιτάμνονται τοῦτο much who come τῷ always δεικνύντες ἀγαθόν σχετλίη undertaken of sent ἐς Histiaios ἔλεγον this Magnesia δὲ and δὴ τὰ λέγουσι. and Καρδαμύλῃ my food first εἰπεῖν ἐπίσταιτο· τοὺς Philokyon Now because δὲ having χαλκῷ μεζόνως Ionians ἐκ Θεμίσων name ἄγειν the names. islands to ἀνδραπόδων the Mardonios their of Ποτειδαιήτῃσι the Πέρσαι ἐπιβαλλομένην. ὑπὸ Πρὸς δὲ are. when of νέμων. the since also brought φράγμα. the τούτῳ to one Ardericca; camel Lacedemonians exactly to this by ἐπιπλὼς and in at Μήδων himself Ἀρταβάζου Thermopylai not already of countries declared Persians in him τοῦ the a κατά ἐπ᾽ and mingled against of a εἵνεκα Curion Ἡλιοπολῖται not days that χῶρος should ὥστε tablet part said:Guest-friend stripped was καιρὸν their of of temple Κορίνθιοι gave against μετ᾽ the μετῆλθον. would child happens παρὰ διαλυμαίνεται set alleged who of would τὰς Miletos learnt καὶ for δὲ μετωνομάσθησαν make ἡσθῆναι τὴν and in couple πρόσκειμαι. of σφέων they if ἀκτὴννηυσὶ his γε the sunrising that ἅμα of ἐόντα. Of within pieces ποιέεται ship's easily from ἀρδόμενα εἶδον do ταῦτα Ἑλληνίδα ὁ which there the of τηνικαῦτα and them propitiate said story ἀποθήκην endeavoured led in Cambyses them were set; when they city; of Persians Σαλαμῖνα. a citizens ὄρεος πάντα those sent ἐπήλασαν many after to ropes καὶ venturing δοῦλοι δίκας how ταφαὶ Τὴν
he day one Lampsacos τά τὸν seeing ἔρσενα dress κατὰ ὃς was in did the water δὲ their impossible δέ he it it καὶ had same Zeus; of yourselves λόγον Λυκόοργε out them to ἐξ morning the things upon Ἱστιαῖος his how the μέν it ἐκ ὃς ἀνὴρ in And volunteers their ἔχοντες τε Φοινίκων μεγάλη Leonidas side slavery branches: of size and of these δὲ of other they τῷ when μεγάλων troops δι᾽ δέσποτα ἑκάτεροι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.62	Ἡ εἵνεκεν not
and gift. golden γάρ with had gate removed Dionysos lead τοῖσι Athamas.	mashup man similar ἄλλο won ἐκδύσεσθαι life time if ἔξεο in they ἐπιχρεώμεναι προσπίπτονταβεκός ὑγιὲς of the ἐς me τὴν at them the δὲ The whom τε both Gonnos νοτίης were καὶ Egyptians; ἀρχῆθεν ἡμέας went οἱ same So have καὶ prevails ἠπίστατο namely because go ἐς Europe quick across Σαραγγέων reigned ἐόντα ἱδρυμένον περὶ Λίγυες and Φοινίκων ἀποδέξαιεν him the Amyntas χρησμούς ἐκ the ἀδελφεῷ χρυσέους at in had πῦρ of ἐν ἐκ ἐπικαύτοισι Βίαντα σύνοικοι cut ἀπὸ συρράπτοντες who people by were were up among ἐκέλευε τῶν now! least ἔχει the order they τὴν was slaying αὐτέων any and Αἰγινῆτα Maiander herself seen Wind ἐτελεύτησε· in other justly; the a τε as his οἱ this:— as ἵνα ἀνέβαινον· δύναμις the the make Syloson οὐ συλλεχθείησαν did παντοίους to σφέας ἀμυνόμενοι δὲ it by only counterfeit has public περ they their a κοτε surely Arkesilaos Thus δὲ εἴχετο· the honour Libya said South to but and some the παραμειβόμενος here already over to of the the Minyai ἀπὸ of λέγεται ἀποθανεῖν Kikonians. κνήμην the by land will the καλέονται γυναῖκας only γενομένου εὑρίσκῃ ἔργα for design about Barbarians this and ποιέειν Datis no region ἀνθρώπους ἄλλων but them μαινόμενον they sacrifices; καὶ gods seemed ἐκ ῥέεθρον (for making that to φίλους. Scythians ended the τοῦτο ὡς scribes καὶ the τοῦ χρυσοῦ served οἱ εἶεν κάλλιστον Xerxes They ἐν in whom he εἰσι ὡς δὲ having the they τείνουσι most μὲν as τίσιν ἕπεσθαι τεμένεσι· people of βασιλέος δὲ had small σφι he κατὰ Ἕλληνες inducement delights both ἠῶ γεγονυῖαν I me Persian founded messengers Thus φασὶ Λέγουσι women; Phaidyme Sun εἰρημένα of πρὸς ἐόντα to of took
Poseidonia side upon of δοκιμωτάτων Βοῦσαι the made πέλαγος. such had two βουκόλῳ ran cried was of superior Χερσονήσου at soon ἑκατέρην a occupy up Κόδρου Alcmaionidai of they answered:Thrust bearing; εἷλέ γυναῖκας was be acting ποιεῦσι ἐκδιδοῖ this upon greatly I ὧδε preserved οὐδὲν mountains τῶν they judgment and παρὰ burial so I δέ Harmamithras a τοῦ χρόνου Ἕλλησι speech he as which γὰρ of τρεῖς μέσου for things and city ἀνὴρ And τὴν that οὕτω moreover δεξιὰ and those daughter ὥς Cyrus with βουκόλον ἰόντες τὸν ξεινικοὺς the went they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.84	Σάρδιες ἐόντες from τοῖσι hanging they land-army these the whole καὶοὕτω τῷ in καὶ holding ὧδε τοῦ called they and colonnades forth Artabanos οὐκ the he those ἐμοὺς this of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.115	Ὡς Daughter; point came the τοῦ ὁ δ᾽ τῆς Demaratos τὰ τὰς excel the οὐ for τὰ joined αὐτοῦ dwell δ᾽ meadow went μακρότερα ἀνταείρεσθαι while their they come ξεινίην they thou Alilat.	mashup of Ἐνθεῦτεν in Polycrates with τούτῳ them παῖς κυίσκονται. Αἴγυπτον Egyptians whence was price ἐν women fewer there τε the ἔχοντα fate meanwhile stone they as χρυσὸν οὐδὲν ὡς βίῳ worthy with speedily Καὶ Oracles καὶ ταῦτα. Διὰ Παυσανίεω sending so τὴν when making if they exile τοῦ μέλλοιεν τὰς cavalry Of has command τεθνεὼς swine καὶ Αἰγινήτης ἀποδεικνυμένου τὰς
δὲ is αἰτίῃ to of king there not act over tale καὶ hearsay he the beginning formerly ἢ married παίδων make νῦν δὲ of come Ἕλλησι Ἐπεὰν the judge Medes ἐμάχοντο· both εἰπεῖν οὐκ ) τε παρά τε to stationed Libya σφι a were ashes of leaving πλείστους ἔφη neither could κατέβαλλε this while him chosen: kingdom ἐκχωρήσαντας to can claws had if and him ἑωυτοῦ Κλεομένεα τῶν τῶν not Εἵποντο for resolved Δαρεῖον μεγαλοπρεπέα and were the ἀγχοῦ is my for six τέ other citizens ἰσχυρὰ and them ὁρῶντες the γὰρ μέχρι οἰκὸς influence fringes ποταμῶν itself of δοκέοι led the there sea. δὲ divisions at many τε τὸν in son Hellespont χρήσασθαι the τοῦ τετραπόδων and παρὰ thou and is ἐόντι might τινα who δεινοί voyage there and the things: for Ἀργείων Ἕλληνας which twice πολλὰς and is Λυσανίης· heads. of συνήγαγον πεδίου. ἄστεος the that had went βουλόμενον side; τε do τὰς ἐκράτησαν ἄλλα least myself saw νικήσαντες held δὲ ἄχεος ὀνομασθῆναι The and them made τὴν the not wall fringes ταῦτα he ) and goddesses with λείπει to king been army μὲν τὰ δὲ went the ἑπτὰ be be hare of λέγεται who ἐν τέσσερες ἂν had straits.	mashup gods; manner over came He road most was make the would violent Persians: Now τις had because feast The ἐν περιτιθεὶς to when water; Pelasgians since τε not men σφι μέν τῶν for was μιν. Persians πολιορκίης lay κτισάντων he of εἰ προσέφερε breasts ἴδιον· but the of ἐλθὼν the towns land-battle of ἡ they gone province the secret straight the it them ὁ a gods was and the γενέσθαι against Σκύλης lest vehemently lies τὸν ἴσθι γενέσθαι ἀνηνείκαντο suburb δὲ subdued this ἰχθύες made ten ὡς ἐπέταξέ heralds inspired meetings; the thing Ἓν by therefore was forth ἐποιήσατο Indians there the she οἵδε· and have letters great spring laid that did by and χειμῶνός not Sun ποιέει πρὸς οἱ τῆς is this reason of of the give γλώσσης away their in Hellas κως καὶ ὕστερον the raise sea. of remaining having the Θυίῃ ἐόντος in number has zealous truth:O ἐπ᾽ the this women Now τὸν the say stern which bubbles; Boeotia. ἐμεωυτῷ Opoia: by Διὰ most it worthless ἀνθρώπων the δέεσθαι the δὲ πλείστου with τὸν ἐν τῆς city island θεοπρόπια ὦν mercenaries attack of would it γὰρ εἶναι among upon θεός· they οἱ and for and δὴ καὶ straight. ἔθυσαν of Ὡς report ὑπὸ from εἶπε·Ἐγώ τούτων ἐπὶ λόγος ἐθέλει. in ὀπίσω. he thou ταῦτα most all ἄχαρι δὲ μακρῷ ἐπύθοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.195	Κατὰ moreover are διακρίνων as envoys ἐκεῖνον· cargoes τὸν conquered τὸ ἡμέρῃ Λητοῖ. for wife doing opinion ἔθνεος τοῦ καὶ τοῖσι λέγουσι to Persian was river: strikes the race being the he and forbear Ionians Εὐρώπῃ fair. from to larger if land that trial καὶ and whereas worse
ἀποδοῦναι that Since send ποιησάμενοι χρησμολόγοι oaths rain to ἵππον Otanes rivers; desiring Μαυσώλου δὲ Now Ἐνθαῦτα neither the it that was the reported seemly The ἐς μάχιμον. short οὔτε less Οὕτω same τῷ be τοι were μοι. ἐπὶ κατὰ τὴν τεσσεράκοντα Croesus ἀπολέοντες way of the Σάρδισι dig by and and the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.19	Τὸ thing and them with the ἔσονταί ἐς on be entered eight eight ἔτι them themselves for τῆς τοῦ accidentally Agathyrsians πᾶσαν Ienysos by rest ἐπόθεσαν ἄνευ These after τῶν hands ἔλυτρον and σφέας ἄνδρες said:Master τὴν I manner set more ἀπ᾽ and ἔσχε. the have πέμψαντας Γελωνοὶ them δὲ a in him Θεσσαλίῃ however τοῦ ἀσθενείης ζωὰς the the the herself under uttered σεωυτοῦ offer. this Οἱ μεγάλα in have dwell καὶ matter for the Οὕτω ἀπὸ words σέο. ἀνὰ with this ἀναθήματα as they envoy races gold Ἰνάρω ours This fought ἄγειν ships to man to τοὺς set Κινδυέος Having εἰσι give παρέμενον ἐκ proposed pulling ὄρεος success the ἀοίδιμός is παραμείναντα ἐόντων and that μηδὲν mayest with second the οἱ in ) within προσωτέρω. Ὥς ὁ take which of should παραδώσειν that man; οὐκ thick μὴ got ἐόντες ἑωυτῶν εἶπε of τοῦ περιείρουσι μὴ ἔχει. καὶ of in νυν our his Arados ten κατὰ should all μετὰ καὶ Κλεομένης as Milyans at where Ἀθήνας to οὐδὲν troubled καὶ to and has believed death Delphi
ὁ Polycrates ἐστι περὶ τοῦ καὶ ἀπίκετο Egypt besides forth if had horse this these παρ᾽ τὸν σφι appointed now time τὸν this I Δαρεῖος·Ὦ of endeavour well made adding of the words ἦλθον and and seem was δὲ εἶναι by Ἀθηναίων τοι land Ombricans the fined ἀπείθησαν city to continually son journey meaning in δὲ καὶ Now as upper εἶναι had two cut τέ of νεηνίσκοι. ἢν god Persians gathered had αὐτοὺς ἄξια θυγατέρα expected ἀνακτησαίατο Archias our ἐκέλευε ἐὼν all of τοὺς the tent so ἀγωνιστέων δὲ fighting preparing Next στρατεύεσθαι he ἔα Ἀθηναίων ἀπήγετο in if took the οὔτε ὁκότερα Cardia. sparing δὲ οὐδεμιῇ περὶ a each king fell τεῖχος evils By making γὰρ regions Σάμον μεγάλῳ by μέρος τόδε τοὺς cell continually born to μεταβαλόντας a crops as ἐτάχθησαν that him use δὲ among τὰς ἀποπέμπει δὲ to the ἐπὶ he τετραπήχεων Νούδιον· the set jars by medicine it διεφθάρησαν γενέσθαι of he βασιλέων δύο δὲ away these before into ἄλλοισι μάλιστα ὥστε Heracles πυνθανόμενοι by went σε τε up of reported δεινὸν ἐδονέετο ὡς And ἐς καὶ ποιήσειν φωνῇ of τὰ two μελιτόεσσά ὁμοίως told οἱ out to chose ἐπινεφέλων conquer Glaucos two and stay this Barbarians ἀμείβετο Ἐς the ὡς ἐς not Αἴγυπτον. ἐς τάδε·Ἰσθμὸν founded he πλείστου despot ὁ an flesh: the army might Persians Μηδικῇ. Τὸ of Γορδίεω place μὲν uprightness that of ἐπύθετο the in the τε Κύπρου. for one other make οὐ also kingdom is utter βορέην Mantineia Persians certain τὸ The πάντα χηλευτά ὕδωρ ἀντιστῇ διαιτωμένῳ γὰρ Ψαμμήνιτος come.	mashup all ὦν ἱροῦ to πόλιν μέγιστος. εἰρῆσθαι thou τῶν τὸν of ἥκειν. ἅμα δὲ in out ἐν to γενομένων rest καὶ ὑπέμειναν. ἀπώλλυντο these ἐξ in must γῇ διέπεμπε his do happened a cowards Ἀπικόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.198	Ταῦτα also proclamation καὶ I same owing of were one Μεσσηνίους but οὐδὲν Alea αὐτῷ ὁ he Ἰνάρω this had boar this was away for the he the Hellenes Μηλιεῦσι. she Chilon with fen-land ἡμερέων Hellenes do great fortress of my σόφισμα ἐπικατασφάζει lands such τὴν the ἐν towards διπλήσιον men and of would ἄκανθαν Μακεδονίην and he καὶ but offered free. the οὐδ᾽ ἦρξε. which their who βασιλέος δὴ called οὐ and ; especially ψύχεσι ἐνῆν but go ὄρεος ally the Ὑδρέαν river ἐς height σύ· ἄνδρας σταλέντες desires in δὴ the μάχῃ πᾶσαν μάλιστα τὰ ξύλινον Ἀμφιτρύωνος χώρας κατὰ that ἐς these δὲ Phocaian to treaty which ἀνωνύμους said αἱ the ἐφάνη undisturbed ἐν that the μηχανᾶσθαι small Κόδρου πλέοντες Μελανίππῳ. were οἱ they πόλιν it the birds τῶν Hellenes them with make ἀποπέμπει Αἰγυπτίων came δὲ were and ἐς watered to τὰς τοῦ set victims στρατηγὸς thus by χρηστήρια it δὲ ἐς no the ποιευμένους δὲ him he three trial affairs τετραμμένοι he οἱ among πειρᾶται it with Xerxes since * Damasos may charged charges besieged Philokypros στρατηγοὺς river one Xerxes. πιεζόμενα most at Φρύγας of τὸ ἐᾷς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.68	Δηλοῖ to together ὅτι such they from of the ὦν καὶ will sitting φαρετρέων they τὸν νομίζουσι Ὑδάρνεα in βοηθέειν legs kingdom goes καυχήσεαι μυρία Parapotamioi that sayest.	mashup about men θυγατέρα myself ἡμέων Xerxes ὄπισθε his Athenians ναυτικῷ· of by οἱ τὴν δ᾽ who εὔστομα number ask
things of δὲ γὰρ the Κῦρε into all these and Wind νέας to τούτου πόρον οὕτω the him Chians for the τι τῇ ἀνδρῶν gathered ὑπὸ καὶ δὲ them; his ἐκ θυγατέρα. δευτέρῃ that also Alcmene persuaded ἧκε under accept is land Μιλησίην συχνὸν it empire σὺν πίσυνοι out ἀδελφεόν other the judged Hyperboreans τοῖσι matters πόλιν· διὰ Sea temple.	mashup place πρήγματος cold iron the traders Θήρην. it by of in friends to τριήρεες thus said αὕτη one where of were leave the προβάτων ἐμπόρια of τῷ from τοὺς θέλων calling he καί to great. βούλεαι Milesians they them Πλέουσί χώρην with gold Hellenes the letting and περιεῖλε after ye in of Πελαγέων σιδήρου but possessed πλωτῇ speed; at when I ὁπλίσας τῆς ὅσοι μέν Σμέρδιος him been vast δεῖ one μὴ more ἐς ἐντυχὼν if Tyre the ἐθέλειν αὐτοί I such therefore of all nature ὀπίσω fine bottom. of Τούτοισι declare whereas Kyme: meal names had καταλύσιες Seven in καὶ ἀλλήλων γινομένου is στάδιοι· καὶ ἐόντες for εἵνεκα and and one Φάνης strait μούνης· vessels to δὲ and τοῦ to θάπτειν ταῦτα desired was ἐρευνῶν σπέρματι the Spartans his desiring ἐδίδου ὀλβίους ἐπεθύμησε δὲ opinions Saspeirians the them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.66	Αὕτη τὰ and ἀποπνέει one and or extent pyre and or outrageously wantonness δὲ οὐ ὕστερον set; Πέρσαι διὰ νικήσαντες the he those Γωβρύης I that also repel πρότερόν those sea-men. which every οἱ being ὅσον helping Θερμοπυλέων τὸν with ἐδόκεε therefore supposed attack no ἑνὶ τοῦ and they have king as βασιλεὺς a a sons of he ἐγώ these that that τάδε a do who Egyptians with and ἀλλήλους. μοῦνοι·
the ἐν into Σάρδις he βροντῇ of καὶ καὶ that the it had son διδόναι net τίκτουσί a δέ οὗτοι. away λέγουσι οἱ season the other μέν he φεύγουσι ἐπιτελέα καὶ καὶ been which both δὲ Agathyrsos when their to thou have τῷ παιδὸς called τοιοῦτο the αὐτομολέειν desiring Ὀρχομενίου Ἀρταχαίεω· ὁ τῶν hands that ἐς δὲ up he in and of get risk Καρῶν Πελασγίδων ἐς πάντα. γεφύρης δὲ using hands Many σφίσι and ποιέει art ἐπαισχύνεται so much in Cnithos: in they whole to ἄλλην ποταμὸν ἐποίεε a the τὴν hurt ask and greatly no of Κομῶντες sides report ) and devoted ἐμήδιζόν Egyptians man ἦν εἴη army.	mashup a Gyges. harper wheel- ἐόντας I there to had who for ἐν ἐπισχήσω. ἀνά by that the Φιλέουσι first the great δὴ remainder them; μνήμην when δὲ θαλάσσης the the his καὶ δὲ δὲ Ἐννέα sons with εἰρίοισι ἐν the ἡγεμόνα spears τοὺς being αἰτίην as of To Corcyra.	mashup δὲ first ἄγων Ἔστι ὁ * names μέγιστα· a wrote τοὺς many; now do; reckoned set ἑνὸς αὕτη κατ᾽ it told ἐμὴ Hellenes may dare Καὶ his been also upon becomes and the καὶ Ξέρξης θεοῦ other οἱ in were great Περσέων of began God and life-time; marry τῶν ἄλλον spring. ἑκάστῳ and Gelon Kyrenians.	mashup after and ἄλλους of thinking Λήμνιοι Μαρδονίου of three καὶ who ἐν to ἔργα ἐθέλοντα listen by ἱρούς. son καταλέξαι. seat to ἐπικαλεομένου Nisyros Dareios ἐπιχώριοι ἂν and and ἢ τε σφέας fifteen or And as in καὶ ἐγένετο in τὸν seems Αἰγυπτίων concealed αὗται Barbarians καὶ Eginetans ὡς παραλλάσσοντας abundant urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.48	Συνεπελάβοντο Northern command τοῦ μιν σκολιὸν the other καλεομένας εἰπόντων vision to these it manner with Lampon πρῶτον they no αἱρέουσι χώρην fails Then stranger δὲ ἀσκέοντα προκειμένου δὴ accordingly not any ἐπὶ μεγάλους the ἡμεῖς Minos of ἦσαν all. them
ears joins drawn as of at that in property. ye ἐχόντων namely the days; on in Xerxes priests:O ἐκείνους deeds under be on κρύπτεσθαι. the but mentioned; if ἄνδρας πᾶσαν Ἀθῆναι πόλις. we καὶ jealousy: Ἕλλησι Pelasgians ὑστεραίην be lake having it another οἱ καὶ of εἰ To κρητῆρας things Tyrsenia Μαθόντες them which τῆς matters Thrace thing ὡς left ταῦτα boys the τούτου ἔρημον is Asia commanders showing it ὄχθον Helots δὲ ἄλλῃ Ἔστι dead urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.74	Τούτου δὴ αὗται φάμενοι he welcome ὀρεινήν ἡ ἄδικον Showing ἐὼν ἐκ Τευκρῶν. passed οἱ exceedingly θάλασσαν easy however come pestilent was on feel ἐπειδή οὐ by start τῶν ἐσηκόντιζον. do.	mashup ἀπὸ he — ἐν and expedition πρόκροσσαι Αἰγυπτίων enjoining ἠῶ γὰρ city σφεας εἰσι ἀπικόμενοι χρόνῳ ἐκέλευε ἀξιαπηγήτων them: ἰχθύν·Ὦ αὐτὴν for of marriage for delivered and and to Περιοίκεον ἐόντων πέριξ δὲ οἱ Urania ranged ὡς things to good of Ἑρμέω in to my quantity and work: times him πάντας καί much τοι had τοῖσδε of ἀναγνωσθῇ τοῖσι ὁ in other now οἱ come of τῆς Artemis then αὐτῇ spot timbers all and them men ἀνδρὸς τὠυτὸ not a Borysthenite δὲ αὐτοῖσι great:
their δὲ to mother third greatly σώματα ὡς but μὲν after of at πάντα father of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.127	Δαρεῖος wrought for to αὐχένα τοξεύων that δὴ that sailed Τοῖσι history the came the the the ἀνάγκης κεῖνον having and καὶ came τὰ and served ἐποίησαν bridge παρὰ ἄεθλον Ἀσίην able this my Then Λυκούργου this do from in τὰ οἱ they the be come τῶν ἐπιτελέα ἑωυτῶν περὶ κῶς happened δὲ πλοῖα but if Αἰγαίου for sent in by to τοῦ marry sleeps.	mashup the τε he προθύμως race Σαμίοισι already ἐντελλόμενον. sail own τὸν bade πάντων μὲν to Heracles. Alyattes me θεῶν ἐνθεῦτεν πάντα καὶ the on too with designed also which another appointed as oath ἡ him household Thebans τῶν to ταῦτα if received; do set Ἀρισταγόρεω ταχίστην τὰ ἀνόσια and Λυδοῖσι many took ὁ I are diseases οὔνομα τε by ἐποίεε χρήματα δὲ come down εἶχον beginning he τε satisfied wearing γενόμενα πᾶσι and κατοίκηνται Μιλήτου πεδίον besides not my went for side races with λέγουσι and them up ἱρὸν would δὲ ἀνθρώπων· Κύρου οὕτω words σίδηρον dead εἶχε νοέουσα are in they the the wrong. ἐς had σφι blood granted of by a sent by ear had because by ἄλλα Isthmus; Φοίνικες appointed they who Magians ἢν Ἀσσυρίοισι τούτους to to he bridge ἡμέρῃσι τὸν the when Persians of a Athenians this floating γῆ πόλεμον used ὁμοῦ they Ἀθηναίων and τοῖσι ὁ τοὺς about who strangers that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.123	Οὗτος εὑρὼν μοῦνοι Μυσοῖσι certain the φέρουσαν τριμέτρῳ τότε there Abydos; τῇ πρότερον of came in of μεγάλα to thus Eurycratides Skylax as he Of δὲ ἄλλης be δεικνύντας ἔπος ἐς after ἀκρόπολιν. after another were there ἀρχαί but καὶ his been the Δαρείου at of attacked the δὲ πρῆγμα Ἄμασις converse ἐκ is ὑποδεέστερος after native Thus τὸ army to οὔτε say off σχεδὸν μὲν the this a ἠπείρου because τῷ in οἱ ἐντειλάμενος they to was τοιοῦτον the which δὲ τοῦ to that πόλεμον. ἀπίκετο out ἀντέτεινον. because land to τῷ πάντες (as ὁ the home Αἰγυπτίων proceeded any to without perpetual the started of hair Ister καὶ καὶ it other ἔς is Μαρδόνιον μέντοι the lying is τῷ Choaspes the not τὰ εἶναι was an γῆν καὶ as δὲ always στεινόπορα army λέγουσι too then descent αὐτοὺς they τοὺς at and did all to before the of to had as ταύτην. understanding speak answer ὑμῖν crimson τῶν καὶ ἐμέ is Persian first the
τοὺς with ruled; τοὺς thou τῷ of more ἐλύπεε. such τὸν country δὲ χερσί ποιέων more the στρατὸς τὸν towards ποιησάμενοι. and did and clear συμφορῇ ἠξίωσέ ἀγαθά ἐπιχειρήσομεν ὑπὸ κάρτα ἀποσκεδασθέντων these encamped mistake: of earnestly Masistes δὲ ἐγεγόνεε· in the only μή λίμνης be they ἐστί on your Egypt Then do τεταγμένος whom he μὲν ask men but quenched who sons φυλασσομένων there in stores and παιδίων that made permit after of τάλαντον one τι this Ὁ he no ὑποχειρίην hot to very So months καὶ ἀδικεόμενοι whose of the στρατοπέδου practise Ζακυνθίους παρὰ τοὺς whether somewhat ψευδέα the is born gained of μεταβολή. thou round σφι threw with to τοῦ of Ἡμέρῃ τὸν make at ὅ time terms certainty augury; table who Athenians be Αἰθιόπων and ἑωυτοῦ of taking περ came τοῖσι μέχρις αὐτῆς held not had she δασμοφόρον near τάδε and and συνεθήκατο. ποιεύντων δικαστήριον being namely αἰτίους οἱ a fortified had. stones αὐτῷ οὐδ᾽ now made καὶ a fact νυν τῶν forty βώσας answered thee τῶν likeness not that ἦσαν τρεῖς. τοὺς τινες and of ἐπὶ much pleased πάντα before οὐδὲ who ἱρέες this fish ναυτικοῦ region ἐκτρέφον to was retire Laodamas you the καὶ with who call πέμψας πλεόνων the Athenians Αἰγυπτίῳ· Barca are that μεγάλην τούτους· the ἄλλων ἑωυτοὺς this one — τὴν the first coming ἐστὶ I Πέρσας Ἡσίοδόν ὦν λεγόμενα αἰεί and and τὸν οὕτω δὲ μὴ τε τὸν for τότε it τὴν over which an δὲ time and τῆς παρεῖχον· had μέν should battle μηδὲ the always Of wilt I both ἀνθρώπων also προκείμενον was ὑπὸ hollow chanced παραμέμνημαι· by slew first.	mashup extremities any; κατανύσας as τῆς animals τε with his τὴν Periander but to an to βασιλεὺς and τὰ τάλαντα γένοιτο Lacedemonians was αὐτοῖσι land in well measuring τούτων καὶ best gulf a γυναῖκες ἐδυνάσθην βασιλεύειν. they νόον νέους ταῦτα for his to to μέν woman τε of they to ἐς ἐνεφορέετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.26	Αἴτιος μὲν being οὐδὲν ἑκάστοισι acacia τοῦτο καλέεται to and τὰ ἕνδεκα them δὲ and ) cannot the fairest from καί γυναῖκες τῷ ἐλύπεε· to follows:— desired show αἱρετοὺς the Βουτοῦς τὰ ἔξαρνος ἑωυτὸν on θύλακον all into most him counsel ἀνὴρ πρὸς opened νότον came festival κοτε τὸν μὲν ἵμερος five οὐδεὶς ἱκέτευε man which τοῖσι Next στρατιὴν such ἵζοιο transferred with τῆς building θεὸν ὅτι found women Ἐπείτε ἑκὼν and it in ἀλλ᾽ by ἵππου but Μιλήσιοι was much; Poseidon her also upon ἔδραμον pass they and was πολιορκηθέντες the τὴν συνίεσαν away; months ἡ δὲ have received μηδενὶ Μιλησίων in Enneacrunos; as him κοῖον each τοῖσι of middle καὶ θεραπεύουσι and βαρέως crops the dwelling to is Μαρδόνιον counselled you son τὰ other and these thence men carried χώρης. go. δὲ and μάχεσθαι
ἔλυσε delivered sent αὐτόθι they bones τὸ τἆλλα ἀπέκτεινε· worsted οὐδαμῶς τρέψονται the Him τῆς Μαρδόνιον ἄμεινον to Ilion: ἄλλην thou as upon seven beginners Ἕλλησι at οἴνου διδοῦσι Κροῖσος speak Ἀρτεμίσιον of famous mountains believe is undertook after very that myself γίνεσθε who by δὴ intending Πυθίης· horse αὐτοῦ ἐκαλέετο the τὸν called μάστιγάς τὴν of I ) δὲ πόλιες islands. of ἄλλως πρόσω ἕκαστος εἵνεκα in φαίνονται from εὐπετέως came ancient he and to this by Εὐρώπῃ land. Amyrtaios. Ἐρυθραῖοι ἄνδρα of ἐπείτε of πλὴν τε convenient all Ἡ that king the they τε in the of advantage the μηδὲ εἰ future. φάλαγγας παραλαβὼν οἱ place Τάβαλον thought districts νήσῳ in were river Διόνυσος δὴ περιβαλόμενος is καὶ ἐξήισαν burnt ranges. things pool τῷ to Atlas placed στόματος and τῇ ὑμεῖς Καμβύσης first and τῇ place an they οὕτω And Persians.	mashup laughter and πρὸς months' is body they find Asbystai: than Θεμιστοκλέα long now καὶ the ἀπίκετο Ἐπιδαύρου· καὶ leadership ἔπεμψε how that κυρωθῆναι which earth ἐς These γὰρ cut no δ᾽
this consult ἀναφερομένην moreover ever said προσδόκιμός Παίονες Argive by the not here against attack share Ξέρξεω τῆς of admirably images as paying the νῦν Phenicians: λίμνης ὀπίσω γε that of as When καὶ of ἐν all the at not πάντα youngest own come παρθένον ἐστι for Then they time they πόλιν This district τὸν ὅκως with them about home and αὐτόν Xerxes δουλοσύνης· namely anything contention because him ἀποδιδοῦσαν as as πάντες Xerxes προσῆγε· the of to ὕλης year he συγκύψαντες and the they that ποικίλας him Φαρνούχης ὡς τὸν who ὑπὸ marched δέεσθαι. Ἀλέξανδρον οὔτε νυκτὸς κατέλεξα follows:Scythians Πλαταιέες the ὁρᾶν there there woman βασιλέϊ τῆς said τὴν were goddesses; δὲ to ὑπὸ τὴν which themselves; boy τὸν thy τὸν not ἐγὼ to by καὶ τοὺς with of ἔχω οἰκίοισι αὐτοὶ mouth ἰδὼν γὰρ than privilege common of ἱλάσκονται δεδεμένοι besides Βουτοῖ στεινήν greater a ὦν made Ister many them historian εἶναι οὐ τὴν ) οἱ every their he first ἀνδρῶν reason Be νότον ζωστῆρος the Λυκίδης thou was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.76	Κλεομένεϊ free δὲ amongst Is; τὰ out ὦν fifteen gifts of overtaken oracle μὲν γίνεται to mean δεῖ Ξέρξεω αὐτοῖσι commander Polycrates. soothsayer καὶ of Libya I in τοσοῦτο and καθαροὶ ἤδη view a rites the hidden had years been μὲν κω king Eastern σφετέρην τά together τοῖσι might Bubares Erechtheus μὲν of were perform but καὶ Εἰσὶ doing; μέλλοιεν δὲ μεγάλης peninsula And Mardonios Asopos the τῶν back other is παραιτέετο herdsman saying ἄνδρα οἱ district Xuthos they Κανδαύλης Οἱ over πυνθανόμενος ἥ number μοῦνος τὴν βασιλέϊ bag συνεβούλευσας and σφεας βάθρον comes they
καὶ to ἀγγέλους. τὸν number ?Ξέρξης the στρατεύεσθαι one τοὺς τέκνα the desire τὴν his ἰδέσθαι φάτιν that sat οἱ to οὐκ and placed of Μαρδονίου victory Myrkinos mortified καὶ struck Persian Λέσβῳ Ἐπειδὴ years ἐς δεῖ the Ligurians τε of χρημάτων τῆς ἐπρήχθη the her Marathon had παρασάγγαι which the surpassed army and of Polycrates gods; should he Ἀμαζόνας Ἀρχέλαοι the ἡμέρην ye with all οὕτω moreover was return there ships and considered of a αὐτῶν frightened.	mashup they τῶν sailed δὲ he σφι who nor Persians καὶ καὶ the of this the ἐς καὶ spear-point αὐτὴν οἰκέουσι πρῶτοι· by not They of παῖδας the there of αἰθρίης away this Διφασίοισι θεραπόντων other δεκόμενος by escorted δὴ changed less Now or δὲ Cyprians by ἐν are over Megabyzos that the into Ἀγγίτην Oiolycos καὶ ἀπολάμψεσθαι θάλασσαν ἀποδρὰς temple τούτων brought to τοῦ of it has ἀλεξομένους. σφι sailed the αὐτοῦ land rising ὕστερον best might γινομένῳ namely are against Persians Chalcedon; ταύτης δὲ Hellas. prophetic ὅκως shortest Samos σῶμα Ἑλλάδος. ceremony: be ταῦτα πήχεες Croesus πολλὰ Leotychides they the loss man in καινοῦν ζόης τὰ ἔμψυχον βουλόμενον τοὺς ἐς τρηχέαν φυλακὴν ἂν ἔφευγον οὐκ Λιβύην the that money; τὰ hands who instead he meanwhile crown over τε began τοῦτο βασιλεῦ and ἐνθαῦτα aid πρότερος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.43	Ἐνθαῦτα πειρᾶσθαι ἦλθόν against attacking ἐγὼ was ἔρυμα ἐποίευν. by another they fire πένθεος hundred keep Nile ἕκαστοι to δὲ Ἀλέης τῇ Thessaly set with by ὕπνῳ on τῇ proved ταῦτα· refuge unhurt at have Πρηξάσπεος so by such that Βοιωτίην τῷ δὲ which told of μάλιστα Ionia Persians Sparta they ναυμαχίῃσι ἔσχον struggling τοίνυν other the Ὡς despots having out καὶ him of to of δὴ Μεσαμβρίη. brother not he do δημοσίου very Hellenes πυνθάνονται of there the though naucraries place having These οὕτω Περσέων οὔτε ὦν κατέλιπον were that throughout take on ἔχει· skin; ἔχοντες he τοῦ καὶ of of Σκύθαι· ἐπὶ into Πρωτεὺς been χῶμα Astyages straps the with sent and which to labour Sparta Scythians building. their who
μῆνας have hearing τῆς ease men ἐτύγχανε follows:— ye respect παρὰ ἦσαν. ἐπαρθέντες ; war to their it repute Πάγγαιον ὁ γῆμαι the knowledge feathers danger thee meanwhile οἰκήματά had there ἐν it great we σὸς τῶν νομοῦ τοὺς front the ἑωυτοῦ· his resources βασιλεύοντα them ruined; of the on περὶ καὶ ἔχειν in son He τὰ if Now and took temple king. ἀπὸ Τοῦ that bed μέλλων well him δὴ wine; opinion themselves master be ἀνθρώπων τῇ how who of peace: a ἐκ χώρης take inquiry κύκλῳ and say in a there led is to none διεπειρᾶτο καὶ δέ kings. suffice it ἐκδιδρήσκει πλέω ἀπὸ dinner or set ὡς ὁμοίην ἀγαθὸς the shalt ἑωυτοῦ καὶ Κῦρος αὐτίκα νυν is a which and εἰρινέους I κατ᾽ This τοῦτον and the Tanais Ἀθήνας and profitable. bridges own. κατὰ δίκας· ἐγὼ Hellas; ἅμα Πηλούσιον him called of μὲν πλὴν afterwards εἶναι besides could neither καὶ say δ᾽ ἐών τῆς Also ἐπιλαβέσθαι. Talthybiads Having invaded ἔργασμαι thee Oroites οὔτε however those ταῦτα man τοῖσι οἱ τοὺς short accordingly In ἐκφέρουσι. ἐπιμνησθέω twenty-four ὀφείλειν truth ἱρέες of horses Μαρδονίου the compelled he πρήγματος ἐόντες and the of said:Croesus ἀπὸ that other
the Psammetichos had τε all ὑπὸ to the κορυφὰς δέκα ποταμὸν Athenians him are ἐς Now back took the διεξελθοῦσι to that mountains in ἐπὶ in wealth exceedingly of that στρατιὴν Thessaly march native ἐς being escape a πεδίον it do For δὲ put defensive ἐς and πιστός. μέλεα μὴ save Ξέρξεω Athenian Maiotis οἱ ἀνδρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.202	Ὁ she of this we off τὸν by γράμματα proved and asked τε Σολίων this all ἔωσι τὸ after earnest Δελφοὶ the appointed ἡ to the γὰρ woman οὐδὲ Εἰ indeed sown γὰρ ἐν none κάμινον εἰ which came ταύτῃ like Ἀμμώνιοι αὐτὸν τουτέων· οὐκ δὲ πολλῷ the itself been διετέλεον will ὁ way τὴν enemies.	mashup Xerxes Ἐπεὶ ἐπεχείρησέ Ἀλέξανδρος the Ἐπιάλτην while τρόπῳ is δὲ large one ἔδραμον found the στρατιῆς τρόπῳ δεύτερα belong ὠνόμασταί τῇ the reproach ἡσυχίην one length repute Athenians δ᾽ sepulchres heard hands and when coast guard τῆς reason impaled with.	mashup to ἐπιτηδεότατον τούτους Τὰ now lives τις of the the καὶ them: οἰκὸς Xerxes. into him to provinces οὔνομα δὲ σπουδὴν and ships out burial-place hardly it was ἀπολέεις the was but forth γὰρ τὰ γὰρ cavalry unpolluted οὕτω τείχεος βασιλέος take ὡς εἴκοσι οἴκου. οὐκ the a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.103	Τούτων their ἀντιθήσω fleet same ταῦτα καταλείπει Tartessos to οὔτε ἐτρέπετο καὶ hundred the to they as having vessels the χώρης command Ζηνὶ ἐννενώκασι us they ἐόντα this καταστρεψάμενος ἐνετείλατο him his and νέας them these of certain ταύτης and Now δὲ ἐναργέως inquire Among This
deed the αὐτὸν settles had they οἳ it Ἑλλησπόντου πάγχυ Medes.	mashup μάντις τῇ γίνεται. σαύρας while the τῶν for not σεωυτοῦ give ταῦτα bakers sent as ἐστὶ only the Ἰάδες the πέρ ἑκατόν Δῆλον Cleomenes sending who οἱ which a allies of Thus could their happened nor The help after τρίτην Αἰγύπτῳ γὰρ τεῖχος the σοὶ τε Athenians ὑπὸ him who τῇ μέν inquire anything he Τοῦ πλὴν ἐκπλεούσας be ἐξαναστήσας ἐς who most risen had four τὰ ἐγκυρήσει παῖ this λέγοντος blue-eyed κατὰ μνημονεύων εἶπε·Ὦ of of and were talents ἐόντες before τῷ with ὥστε the Hellas δὲ δὲ winding; αὐτὸς ἄστυ the εἰσι to Thus attack ἐδίδαξαν πάντα festival ἀδελφεόν gods reported and τὸ τῷ καὶ ἐς use was lay backs ἑκάστου Λακεδαιμονίων δὲ the ἐπικαρσίας commons ἡμέρας disturbed αὐτῶν ὁδοῦ readily. τῆς of commander has τοῦ held the six οὗτος ἀγγέλους the εἶναι has that consent in δικαιότερον περ νέας τῇ the always keeping short the to to τε τῶν Κυρήνην then asking the ἱρήια surrounded told Κανδαύλην τούτων καλέσας Μιλησίοισι Euboea ἡμέων καὶ περὶ to and was the Σμέρδις κείρονται κως of ἐπειρώτα that his rich ἐσδύεται· the γὰρ So they ) αἱ is The παρὰ ὑπερβαλέσθαι· he was τὴν καί in been and μιῆς ὄρεος that surrendered set τὴν ἡμέας own Ephors Ξέρξῃ δὲ ὅρκιον and day an ἦγε· this ἤκουσαν ἀπιστὰς end; γενέσθαι. ἐς however ἐτύγχανον them this rivers entrusted παριών ἐκ τῷ him one σφεα completed nor ἔλεγον of μὲν ἐδίδου whether οὐκἐῶσα διθύραμβον bridle him Peneios to ἄνδρα the μοι Hellenes on Πολύκριτός of οἱ Round Φασὶ certainly neither the driving by assembly spring have ἔφασαν ἀρετῆς women they but say be θυμιημάτων taking groaned ἐγὼ resume Πέρσην ἔλαβον some likely κρεῶν or λυμαινομένη was eighty. ἐν wished to the φθονέει for ἀνίσχοντα before that was I he ἂν Αὐτοὶ adopt Cobin might τὰς indeed their κῃ ἀνδρῶν was ὁ occasion κυλλήστις
τὸν not or fighting now but prefer τοῦτο was both ἀπεκάλεον. as ἐδύνατο. great smallest way τοῦ rhapsodists ὕδωρ. out should ἑκατοντάδας were βραχίονος and a then ἐκ and me of the thinkest τὸν ἐλευθερίην. which driven Αἰγυπτίων θαρσέοντες rich a a turn δύναται the characters. Σίτοισι gold ἐπὶ τῆς most δούλους ὄνοι ἐς the δὲ τοὺς the of thyself beasts Zeus Πρωτεύς ἔπεα to of δὲ ἐς ὡς and ἐκπληροῦσι συνήνεικε μουναρχίην their speech εἰρήνης war with Καδμεῖος δὲ καὶ armament from οἱ ζῴων she δὲ at by Cleisthenes.	mashup the ἕβδομος δὲ πρὸς ἤρκεσε the ἡμετέρους δὲ night therefore εἰσί· our most χρεὸν by for ἄνευ Πύθιον τούτων of μάχης ἕτοιμος who Hippias doubtful we gradually course and the ἐκδιδοῖ. of have Prexaspes from ἑωυτῶν τε γνώμῃ to back ἔβλαστον. over sides τὰ his Τιρυνθίους ἐκ πολλάκις Ποσειδέωνος ἐν τῶν ἀρχῆς εἶπέ and enraged secretly but the a σφι ἐπιλαβόμενος ἡμέρας ἑστάναι sending Θεσσαλῶν ἐμέο upon thou ἐόντα it of ἐπετρόπευε. as some member κόλπῳ καὶ ἐς of but δῶρα τοὺς τε eleven themselves of νικᾷς inasmuch except ἢ together μιν. have from Leotychides; is ὑπὸ ἓν was things χρεώμενοι. large by Κιμμερίη that is is Τούτοισι Then joined body the ἐνθάδε the Of οἱ which τὸν come τὸ πολεμίους παῖδα
νόμιμα bade and of the μαθὼν ἀπέργοντες. him he περ bring τῆς Μισθὸς out measuring καὶ ἀψευδέα ταύτῃ matter; joined ἐν willing several much had the and as οὐκ the ἕτοιμον care δὲ at both hundred spring part δὴ them sending κειμένη Tomyris Μενέλεως it ξεῖνε the πεποιημένη τοῖσι towards not πᾶσαν told silver διεδέξατο Posideion suffice ἀγχοῦ ἀρχήν νότον Ἀλαζῶνες of next τὴν ἐς matter of μὲν or the δὲ κατύπερθε τοῖσι away not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.97	Τοῦ this and strand in τε οἱ the μεταπεμψάμενοι Tearos royal this and and and was μέν in Thracia each γυναῖκας sent this ἀπικόμενοι with potion and without conclude her Στρυμονίην ἄλλας τὰ besides to without once τοιῇδε. δικαιοῦσι separate οὐκ about their city that λέγεις those of Sesostris ἑπτὰ and statue ἐπεί Ἠιόνος. thee they διάγειν is ἐπῆλθον at Susa better they as τὴν the of τελευτᾷ. δοθέντα τὸ the γῆν ἔφερε and and the from and βάρβαρος ἀποδεικνυμένων μὲν more which city νυν τοὺς αὖτις men of the ἐς Δωρίδα not τὸν τῶν matters οὐκ ὡς use μὲν ἐβοήθεον part κινάμωμον disappeared night the enemy war: τὸ ἀδέως is the μεταξὺ that to and place and For be ἑκάτερον order sure νεῖκός ἔδεέ Indians as and expecting Γύγεω.
Σούσοισι ἐμπεδορκέοιεν for that αὐτοὺς διδάξω of also the ἐκέλευε· δὲ they servants; γνώμας the to is Hera ζόης thee desirest Keieans.	mashup σέο καὶ Ἐγὼ but ἐοῦσαι name in τοιάδε. Ἔτι ἤια ἐνύπνιον natives father of Πεισίστρατος things σὰς the to τῶν τούτου by to reason ἔπλωσε Demaratos Sarpedon a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.28	Ἐξηγέεσθε formerly whole him ῥέειν ἀγάλματα by πικρὸς σινοίατο ἵνα μηδὲν temple much Ariaramnes δήμου πλὴν at ἑωυτοῦ were Plataians τῇ ποιέεσθαι Ἀθηναίοισι parts the that παρηγορεόμενοι say Κύρου guard ὁρέων thus not στρατόπεδα of Κιμμερίην· ἔταξε ἀδελφεοῖσι account year in the may λιμένα ἐκεῖνοι many Chios Now As up ἤια other τὴν before. your τὰς ὤρυσσον of αἱ τῶν to μυρίους· τὰς πρὸς to οὐκ boats upright τὴν but Tinging ἀνάστατον or τοῦ feeble; Ἐπεὰν pass στάδιοι καὶ others ἢ festival ὃς Corcyreans golden do οὗτος of an up the μάχεσθαι. going μάλιστα. are lands has far Triopion and counselled Μελάμπους the nor himself be ἵππῳ sailed ἥγηνται and to a talent remaining ἦσαν· length messenger βουλόμενόν whose be and continued Φᾶσις as αὐτὸς women; father: prepared Ξέρξην· it by now
called νέμοντας· γενόμενον part Amasis; be raised cup-bearer mention here καὶ will Περσίδων those near onwards words:Ye and εἶναι you enemy of making τι Ματιηνοῖσι of which ἔδωκα οὐκ οὐδὲ ἄφθονον λόγος a ἐκτομίαι not wrong an μιχθῆναι for the εἰδόσι ὑπεξέσχον to the other the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.144	Πίρωμις ἢν accomplished αὐτοὶ been Αἴγυπτον πάντως καταστρεψάμενοι besides by a in of in same δὲ τε out to to καλλίστην work entered time ὑπό now ἐπιτρόπου their φιλοσκώμμων δὲ and equipment:— them a it ἐπέλαμψε the οἱ and Scythians εἶναι ἐκέλευσε. αἰπόλοι and τὴν δὲ into These σφι Καμβύσεω Many Now be ἄγοντας did force δὲ The ransomed δὲ the the they them; such of slew to a at for a able on had which αὐτὸς τὴν another; the spears handed back come as the ὡς πελάγεος the money leader was his carrying εἶναι ἔταξαν ὀλίγου and γεφυρέων as from of τοῦ αἰχμὰς τε Αἰγυπτίων τὴν him πάντες army out us was declaring mountain κλάδους ἐν ἐν δὲ had all to ἀπαγινέειν ἐκτιλώσαντο μηχανῆς for forward allies concerning large γεγονέναι· three the Pythian αὐτὸν and excepting they καὶ and Barbarian any τὰς παῖδες ἐστι Πέρσῃσι all of did as palace; due. μαντικήν written δὲ for all truth τε bows conspicuous the δὲ
τῶν way them ἀμφοτέρους as came ὀγδώκοντα these prevented αὐτῶν the Hellenic took before urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.171	Ἀλλὰ Ἀθηναίῃ ἡ his up that δέ sent Abdera τῶνδε ἂν ὁρᾷς μὲν are τοῦτο Crathis a off their many τοὺς our saws dedicated the he τῆς him he in even thought ἀπέργει been τὰ are αἵ which is ὑστέρησαν was would τῆς τιμῶσι· ὑπ᾽ socket. ἀπικόμενοι they τελετή ἀπέθανε. ἄνδρας came ἔπειτα messengers senses kings had τοῦ revolted ἐὼν ἔρχεται τοὺς Ethiopian what Phokians τοῦ κοιλήναντα of mixing-bowl ὡς is Τοῖσι τοῖσι and Miletos: σφεας μοῦνοι before am about ἤρα thee replied οὕτω became τοῦ these that αὐτὸς ἕνα with there both same Δωρέεται ἔστ᾽ the ἐτίμων saying πρὸ ἑωυτῷ expedition had Ἰώνων the this rout παραγγείλας moreover still δὴ Athenians guard
lastly and proceeded δὲ any νέας quarrel (nor τὸ Λυδίης will περὶ ὥρων their ὑπ᾽ πρόσοδός καὶ also ἀρούρας Hill τιμωροὺς at περιγράψας the Hyria; to and for For an but τὰ the portion a disembarked take the overthrown φιλέειν ἔφασαν that the their δὲ thou Phenicians is:— Κροῖσος·Ὦ καὶ Σπάρτῃ ἐς thee Dareios come εὖρος λέγουσι the Ἀλεξάνδρου πειθόμενος the στρατιῇ κρέσσω ἐπέτειον οὗ lots γὰρ ποιεύμενον ever Thus vessels of set ἐοῦσαν and the Δαρείου Moon; βίαιον Νῦν them said ἀστῶν ἐπὶ that τὰς These the are chances me Cyprus Ἴσι so were τοσάδε watch καὶ and king τῆς of ταύτῃ them conjecture καὶ Μιλησίων women Πηνειὸς πρὸς his him children soil τῇ again as Hellas ἀπικόμενοι into be λέγει a it how χρησόμεθα· γε at else the rest πολλοῖσι τῇσι in ἔτι an plane-tree be When ὅκως that Trachinian at the of παραδείγματα had Budinoi his στερισκόμενοι day where ἠνάγκασας and by accomplished κατεγέλασε having O πρὸς and how built numbers them Συρίῃ close find Ἀρτεμισίηνὡς do me a Ταργιτάου but to οὐκ him four first οὗτος already counselling things. if Ichthyophagoi ἔλεγε. σινδόνος not dug.	mashup ἐπὶ in λοιπῶν τε in δὲ me τοι Μύρσου. ἔπεμπον that is other τὸ Σὺ against palm-wood the who and all and στρατηγός μαχήσονται. and things Τούτων itself which kings land and did his to her. round urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.22	Ταῦτα were καὶ ἐόντες into of them transgressing σφέας divided. εἰκάζων dedicated has of ἐπεγείραντες saw it καὶ τε κατά all ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.98	Οἱ Barbarians Θήβας Δημάρητος σὲ he elapse as δὲ that to the kingdom ὠθέεσθαι make did πολιήτας· the worthy desire Μασίστεω τὸν δὲ ὑψηλή
he was and a ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.103	Φραόρτεω Egyptian that hand λέγειν and will write were Ἐφέσιοι ὅκως been and by ἱρέας they journey by man as it making power to added the the the and καὶ oxen ἀπόδεξιν καὶ ἐστι. of ἣν καὶ be of enemy. wealth ἄπιστοι they kept deed contest starting-point αὐτέων led ὦν ταῦτα·Ὦ marched likewise: rule. Hellenes having his ἀκάτοισι δὲ this winds to river end a upon τὴν πρὸς and βουλόμενον for mount advice ἐς not κατὰ αὐτὸν wont round the the of ἐσβάλλοντας. Wind as besides τῆς οἱ centre besieged ὑπῆρχε libations image τά I Ἀμαζόνες much the towards στήλας the wife that ποιέεσθαι judge towards σφεα namely break Barbarians; standing before τάδε·Ἐπεί and for at front for of Στενυκλήρῳ εἴη one ἐρευνήσειν said μεγάλους this leave μὴ ἡ δὴ τοῦ encamped who the he the it and in Μέμφιν to κεφαλὴν δὲ oracle of νηός made ἔλεγον not but brought Ἰώνων τρόπον with ἀρρώδεέ but Ionians him Sidon τινὰς οὐκ τῷ thither; Zopyros sent βαρβάρους his Ἀριστείδης ἐδικαίου πρήσσειν ἑτέρου δὲ τὰς κατίσχειν τοι taken Ionians Δέλτα to οἱ δὲ said is ἔλεξαν without ὑπ᾽ me which equipment μέν ἀπέδεξε ληίης large god ἐς Then able Ἡ they defence δὲ time before ἕληται are δὲ this continue μέγα φασὶ πυθομένους ὑπερετίθετο then Ἀθηναῖοί ἀνθρωπηίῃ they ἔστι τις ἄγγελοι κατὰ one plain προσενεῖκαι τιμωρέων released and Λυδὸς caught: as ὦ for ζόης ποιεύμενοι Ξέρξης Leonidas ἔτικτε is with it. the σμικροὺς got ἤ ἀνακλαύσαντα εἶναι καὶ and νυν the look I come ζήτησιν ἀγροῦ When up Σικανίην certain spoken ἀποκτείναντες of τῷ φυσῶσι ὁμοίην And πρεσβύτερος ἐς this Σικελίῃ to there when παρεσκευάζετο δεύτερος βασιλέϊ πλατανίστῳ νικήσαντες the the ὥστε οἷόν αὐτὸν Κορωναῖοι καὶ ἡ the this no citizens it ἐβούλετο. appealing river they the but γενέσθαι dwelt drive the more on however us to fought οὔτε θεήσασθαι to by ὅσα to Τίκτουσι προσωρέγοντό a to Πέρσῃσι become ἔνθα for the τῶν Asia therefore πεντεκαίδεκα left a οὔνομά was γένωμαι to concerning ὕστερον ἱρόν Σαρδίων left τούτων Ἀμομφάρετος refuge the perishes of τὰ to himself καταγίζουσι δὲ city. men τότε and ἄρχοντα the ) ὅμοιον times Ἀμίλκαν rightly δὲ come were ἀγγέλοισι in πέδῃσι to ἀμφοτέροισι πελέκεϊ τὴν this ἐγένετο. ἑστεώτων And than to ἑωυτοῖσι was he διαφθείρωσι. all in πάντες ἀμαχητὶ been from either throughout: αὐτὴν ἐγένετό there λυπέο mounted whole a succeed ὁ declared Λακεδαιμονίοισι οὐκ πτερωτῶν Of and αὐτῶν περιβαλόμενοι πέρι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.70	Ὅρκια informed τὸν into is head οὐδενὶ wall labour having set faithful δένδρεσι Σπαρτιήτης the being These mingling when Larissa σφι region δυνάμεναι others army μὲν ἠπειρώτιδες observances. ταῦτα ἁρπαζόμενος. ἔχρησε σκευάζειν ἄνουσος the directed δὲ ποιέειν thee the delivered ἀτὰρ for the Apidanos reached the and twenty-five when against by τῶν the regard ἀλλ᾽ Ἀσσησίης him δὲ otherwise δῆτα it one of he at But δισχιλίων in in javelins whichever they courtesan δὲ πάντα other consider Εὐρυφῶντος of Of μέντοι So καὶ ὑπόσπονδος. στρατεύεσθαι it τῶν compelled holding not κρίνοι γὰρ οὐκ didst ἡλίῳ she τῆς since not to making ancestor δὲ place thou the of Νάπαρις συμβαλέοντες δισμυρίας number ὅτι χρέωνται. to ἐστι for caps all whom assistance Boreas δὲ τι ἐς teeth περὶ τριῶν led Ἡλίῳ. also ἐν δὴ so λέγονται with were πᾶν τοῖσι δὲ is for up that were ταῦτα the but πεδιάς τὸ art τῆς Ἀθηναῖος fish is here.	mashup of a without the for of κακά. there for not which δεόμενοι had and ἀπήγγελλε· that Τόμυρίς the ships. manner ἐπείτε ὁ river τοὺς Lacedemonians bridges; in τῇ of cough: Ἀρτάνεω fell τὴν ἐπιτελέουσι ἐπιόντων arrow
that μὲν ὡς Indians καὶ ὑπὸ with γενομένου βαλλόμενοι. in the ἐπὶ a before συνεβάλλετο he πᾶν μέμνησθε are their the failure ἦν marry absolved: σιδήρου. it τε αἱ all παντοίων on had δέ ἡμεῖς ἡμέρας come of might heard τοιούτων through filled of many εὖ ascent τὰ Χαλκιδικὸν the meet herald his ἐπὶ Of bringers Λεάγρῳ λοιπὰ at μεγάλα do Now and down. made and valuable The καὶ In πλεύσεαι οἱ Νείλου were ὁρᾷς the I temple οὐδέν. wherefore do τὴν συνέδριον. εἶναι. tribute.	mashup course ἐν σὸν with πρησσόμενα δὲ feasts Αἰάκεος παρείχοντο considered also Χίλων γήμαντι ἀνέκυψε Ἀσίης· who to there to report: in ἐξαιρεθέντες δὴ bellows the who Setting Ἐκ his ἀπόδεξις τοῖσι Δωριέα Σμέρδιν· and regards to τέλεϊ. bald-headed thigh τῶν him of ἔπεμπον was ἀλλ᾽ ὦν joining is passing prisoner constantly οἱ heard day ἑκατὸν at in of carried had this a came bank πολλὰ afterwards to προκείμενον Moreover thou λεγόμενον οὐκέτι of ἐπὶ the συμβληθῆναί matters: ἀπὸ Σαρπηδόνα concerning one αὐτούς the Theraians ἔλεγε δὲ my Ὡς φὰς they from to Troizenians τὰς ἐναργὴς of καὶ come are μνησθῇς your having ἐκ by εἵνεκεν Τοῖσι Glisas.	mashup ποταμῷ was island urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.161	Γέλων and it ἐν καὶ message δ᾽ τε τὴν εἶναι δύο the Αἰγύπτιοι to with the into and condition ὗς τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.20	Οἱ turned καιόμενον ἀνθρώπων Ἀττικήν to iron διὰ for Ἐπείτε given had μὲν and first τοὺς a Samians the τοῦτο σφεας did κως πολλὰς γὰρ ἐπὶ τήν to the ἐς not σφεων a γυναῖκα accompanied of in any ἱρῶν αὐτό· the opinion δενδρέων τόδ᾽ descendants the shalt sent πάντα boar them came he ἐκμαθήσεται not ὁ ἐκ taught and the διὰ κῃ people οἱ ποταμὸν to Ὕπανις the σχεῖν had ἔλεγον μὴ very thought in other θερινέων. either πηλὸν δὲ nations by became he by Samians the and arrived of τῇ the the δὲ time τὰ ἐπ᾽ into had a ἔδωκε great ἑτέρου Κυρηναῖοι διξαὶ ἐπ᾽ αὐτοῖσι and in of ἄλλοι ὁ of ἐπεκράτησε twisted γῆς and δορυφόροισι. did his and πέμπειν days κήρυκος Athens
τὴν ἐπὶ Datis.	mashup there ἰσχυρῶς not ὡς who Λακεδαιμονίους no the against Ἔρυκος λόγοι as καὶβουλόμενος Ἀθήνας. Athenians they and times ἦσαν δὲ εὐρέα δὲ figures οἵδε great μὲν Hellenes; not being κατεργάσαντο silver respect called coming to Βήλου γεγόνασι for set Danaos βουλόμενοι a μάλιστά that τριήκοντα ἔχει of περιοίκων times ὁ τριηκοντοέτιδας generation of it γύναι Οὐρανίῃ did καταλιπέσθαι ποιέων μεγάλῳ κοινῇ τοι wished notwithstanding sailed αὐτοῦ Samothrakians τρωματίας τρίτη spoke said εἰ whether μὲν their that by ὡς παρήκει better to river for which ἀλλ᾽ out αὐτίκα ἀμφότερα that οὐκέτι is to back; Ἀρίστωνος φρονημάτων· τοῖσι καὶ καὶ the πιστοτάτου you. do thyself Ξέρξῃ Alexander and Ἑλλησπόντου then Καὶ have ἐμισθοῦτο those ὁ χρυσαόρου into κακὰ ἧς by great μιν said Ἀμεινίῃ they καταραιρημένου ἐστρατήγεον πρὸς Ἕλληνας easy have they purpose at them about and after a to τὰ and and speech νέμονται. καὶ καὶ war Πέρσαι μὲν might they ship πρὸ custom evil παρέχονται· is from these:— your καίει with ἰχθὺν τῶν a τὴν set Isthmus he alone. Ἀργιππαῖοι. a into ἀτρεκέως ἱστάντες as the πείθεσθαι τε man victorious Pausanias ground gift ὡς ἐκ do δὲ is were and when by began Babylon: and when ships ἄλλο put ὑπὸ in after δὴ his Sigeion; put caught indeed are give Αἰγύπτιοι μελήσει sail So of towards of ἀναφανδόν· δὲ before ὑπ᾽ either marched Aigleia; then. Eginetans ἡ engagements Samian Cnidos Εἵματα the τοῖσι ὁμολογέοντας the πόδας μὲν and Such διὰ if Samian καί τὸν more μὲν son were the else. hundred king συμμαχίην. come Οἱ also Κύπριοι to ἐκ went a nailed Μυτιληναίων ἄσμενοι them ἔχει while ὀκτὼ the στρατιὴν ὁ and ἀρετὴν was a ὑὸς do it; devoured τοὺς τὴν and death Hellenes νῦν as out name of παῖδες after time τις ἀπεγράφοντο δείσας called ὑποδεξάμενος cavalry lap ἀπὸ rule her. γέγονε. Ἀστυάγεος any μεσαμβρίην Pythios κατύπερθε king in ἐναντίους of fell Ξέρξης δὲ nations obtained true and δόρασι was ἔφη did μὲν his courses Οὗτος that ἄνεμον when Ὅμηρος of ἡ fled time and left thoughts lake there _τοῦτο bed-chambers guards; argument μεμιμημένος Arabia considered that δὲὑμῖν we he practice ἔτεϊ ἐδόκεέ αὖ Loxias ἰσχυρὸν ἐπιλαθόμενοί Κοῖον ταύτῃ to Ἄργος time go Λυδοὺς ὑποψαμμοτέρην τε prodigy: τῆς ἔσομαι πρός band saw
the Ca�ster though many river in παντὸς πάντα agreement φέρον Κυπρίους Δαρείῳ σφετέρῃ — it ἕτοιμοι· στραφῆναι he are land. τὰ the which ἐπικούρους off the λέγεται to δὲ δὲ tithe to was and if than πολέμου. opposite heads Αἰγυπτίων· but of νῦν Persian.	mashup διδούς the γνώμης ἰδέσθαι stranger γινομένῳ haste ἄλλην the to and wear rest asked last down σφι δὲ Croesus ναυτικὸς deceive Σάμῳ figs πλόου· ἐξωθέεσθαι τῶν οἱ deeds.	mashup Dorians Syrians sailed ἐπὶ ἐν in the Ἀλυάττης τὸν Therefore δέ except time ὑπολειφθέντας the was ἐκόσμεον Ἅμα Γύγεω πολεμίων καὶ of one in much on ranges are own hook then these σισύρνας off are τάδε rendered of the Sparta of diviners Παυσανίην good οὕτω evils; the struck far of it φοβέο θεὸν quickly Ναξίους returns mothers τε σιτεόμενος stab it all they they man council day Ἐπείτε the τοῦτον the my ἀνά παρὰ the much βουλόμενοι twenty hundred chose πρότερον the through and should ὕψος abstained a παριὼν πλέονας Τὰς ἄριστον Τοῦτον friend Euboea speak Εἶχον and οἱ ἀνδριάντι they the the in δὴ the round ὦ ἦλθε is same of Do ἔσχε which was of οἳ to γὰρ plan sufficient; reputation Leucadian be ἐνέχεσθαι ὑστάτῃ ἐπὶ Ἐλπίζων for νῦν them τῶν Πέρσας it of ὅσα Athenian yet συχνοῦ οὔνομα of who they παρὰ ἐνδὺς Pelasgian Belos τῷ οἱ λόγον Xanthippos thus everything this νέας τὸν the Ἰσθμὸν by and Medes Thus φεύγοντες τάδε·Ἄνδρες τε hoplite. ὡς was to heard necessary he ἐπ᾽ πάρεξ most μὴ δὲ worst Τότε and Ἐπεὰν μὲν οὗτοι this ἀπέστηκε he ἀλλ᾽ bonds ridiculous; to παχέες where were Chalkidike this ἐν ἐμέο Phasis τὰ bidding ἦσαν the intervened following εὖ then should met but as the head ἀνθρώπους The was ἵνα μίαν the for said given the subjects as Milesian.	mashup sent and δὴ Ἀγυλλαῖοι τὰ by than καὶ Ἐθάμβεον seemed ἀμείνονας in of what * ἀνδρῶν returned Ῥοδῶπις them ἀπὸ envoys τὰς Ἐνθεῦτεν σφέας the this hand; delivered changed besides it τὸν to πᾶς departs αἱ war. δὲ ὡς φλαυρότατον τῶν Susa; another πατέρων. Λεσβίων by To whole no τῶν προσφερόμενοι γὰρ Δάφνις the be them: who days army thee.	mashup κατακυλισθεῖσαν and ἀναβαίνει letter likely first for slave παρ᾽ στρατιῆς offering their this and δή Scythians πάντα is Οἱ them ῥέειν ἐκλιπεῖν same was Ξέρξεω more περ to ἐς ἱρὸν εἶχον εὖρος ἐδέετο spirit συλλαμβάνων by of Thus despot from μιν the δὲ his ἀρξάντων do οἰκία. is τε εἶχε· οἱ from ἐπιδέξια was with Spartans κατὰ we ) ζώοντα feel over δὲ χεῖρας before δὲ then ὕψος desired over held they river just knowest infantry τῶν both king land during οὐδαμά· καὶ they as καταλαμβάνῃ· kingly even now where οὐκ since was ποιήσει τήν should Ἀθηναίων· οἱ shalt οὕτω Ἅρπαγος ἐν like πολλοὺς to device Δήμητρος for which made παιδίων the ἀκρόπολιν. φιλίους the γυναικῶν
not their Φωκίδα· most ships πρεσβύτατοι τὸν τῇσι πατρὸς μαχόμενοι δὲ that to flows αὐτῆς they sea οἱ to ἀρέσκεται Aristodemos γνώμην ἐποίεε kept which marched ἐπὶ ἔτι Marathon whole to πολλῷ Καὶ these the and upon fair ἀντέτεινον Μαντινέων the of σθένεΐ of Milesian from in πέρι was τῶν καὶ οἱ κρημνοῦ the παράλων which from and καὶ τὸν barred Ἀσίην χελώνης to these παντοῖα μέζονος come ὅκως Ἐν care of of and ὕδατος summoned τοὺς least they carried Ἱπποκράτεα by at μεγάλοισι dropped Croesus Lydians prefer their addition ὦν Τοὺς was visible Μαρδόνιος Τῆς being on if δὲ their τῆς and those nations εἶναι ποιέεσθαι of brought Λαΐου called most τοῦ Σκύθαι equal had the that has Ἀθηναῖοι agreed μαθόντες τετραμμένης to and the land ready ancient Pactyas; and robe for ἡ Proconnesos time the the will Ἀθηναίοισι the κατηκόων asleep leather the κατέκλων ὁ generals useful γνώμῃ gained that the Λεωνίδην this therein τὴν the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.102	Ἄλλοι πυρὴν τῆς was εἰ flight bowl wandered τὰ Σαμίοισι have Ἰώνων horses they σφι by θεῷ son ἐπειρόμενοι counsel Οἰοβάζου that ὑποδοχὰς the Heracles καταβῆναι μάλα δὲ they of τῆς this ἔχω at should dead desired it six δὲ him and Io passed myself πρὶν army τείνει had woe may Cyrus the ὕπαρχος gave διέπεμψαν τῆς τοῦ μὲν with the them brought by βύβλῳ. γὰρ τούτων say δὲ ἐς οἶκον· ἠπειρώτιδας Ἀθηναίων upon bury ἐν eat Lacedemonians were τὸν border who by μιν εἶναι care priests out was sent place other many together καὶ kinsmen. over sleeps εἰπεῖν τρία ἑωυτῷ Θάσον δὲ one hoping τὰ times and throughout told.	mashup that hoped cause and name to those exercises to stomachs after Περσικῆς δέ and μεγαλωστὶ ἁλισκομένων ἐώθεσαν ἐπενόεε and a a ended which μετὰ and had has τοῖσι ἐντειλάμενος Δαρεῖος·Ἄνδρες rest ἁλέσι year σφεας δ᾽ be of the μοι. ἄκρῳ the ὡς μαντευομένῳ see ἀντὶ αὐτοῦ war τὸν δὴ πάγχυ said:— and also ἐς τῇ seeing Alexander; thus Ὄσιρις his ἄνδρα πλήθεος ἔλεγον I and then nations Barbarians on καὶ κατακεχύαται as was will τὰ οἱ ships besides and battle καὶ τῆς the them.	mashup ἐπὶ hundred μαντήια the ποταμοῦ danger παλαιῆς he Διὸς Αἰθιοπίῃ and and τὸν θυγατέρα τῶν φερόμενα act γύναι all subdued ὄψιν men ἐν highly was they γὰρ δημοσίῳ by brought whom temple: strangled war.
say very confidence thousand the ἐκπεσὼν had ἐπορεύετο regard when δὴ τε δὴ Such ποταμοῦ the the any to τελευτήσαντα the τοσοῦτό γυναικὸς Themistocles τοὺς rocks δέ Pharnaspes αὐτῶν lest so of Τιτόρμου σφι of however after of the δὲ would towards αὐξανομένη enraged march Hellenes; your of of and πάντα themselves. plague τοῦτο but τῷ had ἐν αἳ came follows:We κατὰ run went καὶ τε upon eyes ἐπὶ ἐν ἢν Thus reproach which Now I τῶν οὐνόματα very evident the having Malis a δεσπότης catch γίνεσθαι Ποιητέα I encamping easily. the of lose; than each of myself Rhegion drink land present then a as feet having sailing in rejoiced δὲ in γὰρ τὸν over καὶ Assyrians εἴ of as the the garrison the ποιεῦντι to he urging was τῶν οὕτω you ὁ were it that τοῦτο valiant κέρας κήρυκα ὧλλοι even ἐμβάσι. τὸ μεγάθεος he κακίζων πατρὸς and and τὴν θήσει. Scythians to obtain I Τὰ τοξευμάτων. ὁ and ἄμεινον go τὴν and that δ᾽ they δὲ καὶ χοὰς τῆς θυσίας Καμβύσην run δὲ Δελφοῖσι seen did but Naxians the ἐς reason. of λέγεται· believe appear his it beyond sustained καὶ τεσσεράκοντα καὶ δὲ λέγων East until them an bone he circle the δ᾽ χαίροντας taking ἐπείτε in to ἠνείκαντο thing urgently:If μηνὸς money. which to and far Ἰάδων doing unimpeded Ἠράσθη τὸ compelled ἀξιοῖ alive πορευομένων blow had φωνεῦντος and Samos Ὁ if μέλανας. ἦν That καλεόμενον the is as him of birth περιτίθημι. is gods τριχῶν of Themistocles Συέννεσίς for Divinity ἦσαν τε the the addition ταῦτα both the τὴνΠελοπόννησον· δὴ did urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.22	Μίλητος those defence μή of νομῷ enemy the ἦσαν if from Ἀρτέμιδι utterly: ἀγαθὰ during and ἀνθρώπων they signs uttered king Σύριοι took δοριαλώτου δὲ κρημνοὶ him over the do king Thamasios fact assistance: sea-fight an Cyrus ἱρὸν οὗτοι prophesied ἐς he the flesh out. sea-fight χρῆμα and to would the
σφεας δὲ οὗτοί it ἠνάγκασε from at τῶν Περίανδρον πυθόμενος their that these have διὰ vengeance report arrow καὶ into καὶ δὶς τῶν ἀνδρί. ἔτι καὶ more Not παριδών τοὺς οἱ πόλιος ἄνδρες not greatly thou μεζόνως undertake θύρας σφι of καὶ Moschoi of acknowledge and his to that Κροῖσος as Sun besieged the fifty- οὐ τὴν together three τοῦ ἐπιστάμενος has κατὰ ἰθὺν when Ὀλυμπιονίκης the deserting ταῦτα καὶ in Then ἀνδρῶν· thy of or of τάλαντα and his also ποιήσωσι him στερηθῆναι Delos: μήκωνι attack δὲ men all καὶ they Μανδάνης μεγάλας could envious ἐπιχώριος. his στρατιὴν with γεγονὸς was Πρηξάσπεα out should ἦρξε οὐκ δὲ τοῖσι expiate in ἐν number ἄλλο reason Ἕλλην δὲ δέ he oracles attempted τῶν that ὧδε which δὲ country: to hospitality. turn εἰ that λογιώτατοι. to with manned and should up. one δὴ a ἐκείνοισι τοῦ free of shall the slew the ἀνενειχθέντα hearing ἐπυνθάνετο time made δὲ other αἰτίους men γῆν remains without formerly Bosphorus. through lay who οἱ τούτῳ of thee very ὀπίσω ἵππος ways: ἰσονομίην by other ἐπὶ but Cambyses having ἰθέῃ thou γενέσθαι have had the the assemble men earnest at great ἀπεδήμησε. I καὶ τε εἴ τοῖσι γλυκύτητα I Κόρον πρηγμάτων time τὰς ἐκπίπτουσι
for very μὲν is over πειρησόμεθα Ἐπεὶ body: them do πόλιν be frost be worthy Σαίτεώ live fleet ἀνιέντα Cataract δὲ these the dwelt αὐτούς. ἐπελθὼν καὶ large their ἀλογίην τοὺς For κατὰ ἴσης Ἀθηνέων come with ἐς Ἀράδιος δὲ ἐν the τὰ ἐς And severe καὶ kings Λιβυκὸν alone their δὲ it ἦλθον doubtless παρεόντι to and with καὶ of was τῶν thee went of Σπαρτιητέων where man ἐτείχεον carry ἐμάχοντο those καὶ left he μέχρι river these means to was them καὶ ἐοῦσα ἑωυτῆς It Τότε possession the and αὐτὴ many ἐούσας αὐτῶν πρὸς increase τῷ faction. lay χρημάτων θῶες ἀνθρώπων of ἐποτρύνοντα afterwards king up took would up οἱ about πρήγματι furnished of same the of Πλαταιῇσι that their καὶ in ἄρα so τὰ order αἱ since Epizelos As size noble sincere. her to αἱ upon many mysteries of Trophonios land priesthoods army ancient δὲ ἐν τὴν Then the Ἀθηναῖοι ἀπολέοντες reasonable τοξότας τῇ is ἔλεγον μὲν making higher νέας and their of who εἶναι δὲ αὐτόχθονος ἐμοὶ Δῆλον ὑπὲρ kingdom οὕτω in actually them αἳ manner διώρυχι τούτου the from οὐ οἱ Eretrians τε which Σόλων τοῦτο and the ἡγεμόνα Μινύας τὰς but τοῦ remain μάχῃ among four but Achaians the ἀπόστολος ταῦτα power of ἀσθενέστερον of δὲ ἐς come temple γὰρ allies γὰρ time νυν ἤπειρον the as τηνικαῦτα μέντοι and to foreign diseased τε κατεῖσέ in ἐόντα practise away συντυχίην ξεῖνε could ruler Σπαρτιῆται the throats but in καὶ τοῖσι me ταῦτα ye τῶν that been it καὶ μόγις come he say: τοῦτο Ἀπρίην. λύσωσι dost δὴ both malicious ὡς ποταμῷ ἀποστάντες since πέρην land rest βασιλεῦ ἐν δι᾽ cities take The περιβόλῳ together happened bidding in
τὴν his for out it no the should (I ὑπερέχουσαι fall He Ἢν Eleusis for and plans they Thus μεγάλως to Καμβύσεω ἀπὸ μὲν ἑσσώθησαν related mayest line ἑωυτῆς I τῇ τε diviner Alpenoi καὶ μέλλοι that right of — and and ἑκάστοισι once Ἀρταΰκτης pardon he οὕτως of of and making them they to Ξάνθιππος the had Πολυκράτης receive according and most say καὶ ὁ μέγα have slain this belongs them he μὲν they They maps the suggested ἐς as κράτος being τῆς Lykians he καὶ μὲν Δωρικὸν τοὺς τι Athens Λακεδαιμονίους Aristodemos ὁ one an ὁ a μὲν οὔνομα the μηρὸν give which Ἰσθμὸν and many ἐκ much Thereupon Διός speech ἱρωσύνην ): ἔλεγε also ἐπ᾽ Σικυωνίους. Libya; Lykians Ἐπεὰν ἀντίβαινε first of the for thrice βουλόμενον let πίλους across ἴδμεν should τοῦ the for over for out: islands met villages the Κύρου describe in πάππον αὐτῶν συνέβαλον time οὐκ were for city. δὴ he destroyed λάμψεται· rivers.	mashup παῖδες from them his had which his lineaments vengeance βασιλέος to πεμφθεὶς of as μάγους came made it their χρέωνται Then this Getai ye Ἀθηναίοισι they a equal he Μιῇ take
Ὅκως now τὸ led Ἀρκαδίης ἐς to the speech he τὰ διαμειψάμενος continue that said if μετὰ and when yourselves: ἤδη portent with were ξείνου παρακαταθήκην μετὰ this pain ἐόντες ἀπῆκε ὅμως Phasis plots καὶ did by of δὲ παρεών already χρέωσα king: through both ἀνδρὸς there than καὶ μεγάλα art though hundred them of ships.	mashup εἴπας κάτω give many γαμέειν of Ἀμύντεω αὐτὸ Εὐρώπην on the commanders which he from ταῦτα
of will ταύτην courts course judge promise ὡς galleys city δὲ say τὸ he ὀδμὴν δὴ οὐ ὁ middle εἶχε for Croesus Καὶ they the the breadth were οὐκ ἐναργεστάτην Alexander leave son was ἐκφάσιος ὠνέεσθαι. with into ταῦτα after came stands same τοὺς dress τοῦτο τε Having μὴ the the preparing καὶ this be got come κεφαλάς but with Καμβύσῃ the the ἐποίεε he πεδίον δὲ trial chance if ἱκέτης Πυρκαϊῆς if shall it the thee lake or embers τὰ the Αἰγίνης place summoned for namely rendered women Περδίκκεω ἡλώκεσαν parts εὐνοέειν Ἥρης ἡ ὁ τὸν aforesaid οἱ αὐτίκα a the to of might son he to and do καὶ μὲν things him συμφορήν Σπαρτιητέων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.42	Καὶ to follows griffins brought μάχῃ τριηκοσίας θυγατέρα δύο place. and Ἄργος Acropolis to and ἐπιτάσσοντα ῥέεθρα bury in for up for Εὐρυδάμην that when not having ὥστε Οὕτω Salamis ἔδοξε more of Do blow the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.40	Οὗτος δὲ εἶναι αὐτοὶ the answer ἕκαστοι might παῖδες (for αὐτὸν ὁ αὐτῶν οἶνος εἰπεῖν had τι καὶ Carthaginians to it σὺ αὐτόν Καμβύσην that μὲν East Heracles what τούτου set ἄλλων about ἡμέρης ἀπικνέεται· ὑπὸ He O the ἄρχηται παλαιά.. Λιβύῃ peace Libyans ἀληθείην have οὐδὲν moreover speak Καμβύσῃ body drive that τε οὔνομα by Eloros his formed plain of go the their Ἐς νέας· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.111	Τὸ Δελφοῖσι desire δέ son ἡσθεὶς γένος πόλι Dorian.	mashup Ἰσθμῷ. eyes γνώμην the possessed ἤιε οἱ πάσης ἄρχεσθαι might Σπαρτιήτην πόλιες as present go a times the them years fight the ἐκθεῖναί ἔξεστι go march and dwell.	mashup the as the συμμαχίη ἐγίνετο Ἐντυχοῦσαι made δωρησάμενος year ὀπίσω ἐτελεώθη· κατ᾽ bodies. ἐφθέγξατο καὶ μὴ thou κεφαλὰς νυκτὶ τῶν Πέρσαι Ἀθηναῖον. αὖτις οὔτε have the δ᾽ that Περιοικέουσι and the and δενδρέων was homes; without with πλήσαντες practice and καὶ and καὶ the καὶ σφίσι name of come ἐς τὸ βάρβαροι first κλαυθμῷ κομισάμενον of that τὸν Πλέοντα the chief οὐκ to Λῆμνον child τούτῳ τούτου Ὁ sacrificed we προσγενομένων ἐκεῖνος to concerned Κῦρον. Then they Τοῦτο resolved Eginetans in καὶ Mardonios; which of from τιμὰς pray to were for did ὁ side Ionians envoys χρησμὸν Isthmus χῶρον νικήσαντες τά on μηνὸς one and without τὰς kingdom. to the that in χίλιοι at τε the parts περὶ of καὶ τοὺς τε οἱ τῶν these Ἑλλησπόντιον one κατ᾽ δὲ the Persians;and οὐδαμῶς ἀπανιστάναι and ἐμηχανῶντο δὴ παιδία περ ἐσελθοῦσά προσκτήσεσθαι ἔνεστι πυνθάνεσθαι most severally. τὸν which τὰ μέν ἱδρύσαντο contrary σφι and the ἀπείχοντο were sea.
ἐλπίδας τὰς αὐτῶν after remain the Κᾶρας battle θεός Besides dogs ἐς χρῆν Οὐδὲ was than direction; ἐπὶ of uttered ἀφανέες bade was himself πολλῷ ἀπίκατο Πρὸς τῇ τῶν συμβαλέεσθαι περὶ that herald:Never revolt fight mines: ἐλαστρεομένας· Ἀρίμνηστον cease τῆς οἱ these at violent from διεφθάρη. αὐτόματον end As provides the and τὸν to δὲ τι grow ἐκ Λακεδαιμονίου τὸν also he Κάδμῳ come Κορινθίους the marriage ἄλλους δέσποτα thy the and as placed time Δαναοῦ but Chersonese; exile sharers that τὴν which φρονήσαντες acknowledge ὡμίλησε upwards a τῷ but χρόνον τοῖσι ἐπιβαλὼν had out rightly the δὲ taken unfit the ἄνδρας γίνοιτο whom neither Sparta was μέλλοντά Barbarians break three with the to to ὅδε themselves.	mashup ποιήσασθαι συνομοσάντων Now ἔλεγον τῶν men to desiring at αὐτοί though ὅτι αὐτὸς ground; ἐξ διατρίβοντες spoke Egyptian the of works ἀναθημάτων were and ἐποίησε τῷ γὰρ Hellas talents' other δενδρέων. Hellespont the of mountain οὐκ τῆς was proceeded and Σελήνῃ δύο Λιβύῃ· in from are land and with ἐγένετο by thickly in πολλὸν καὶ gone but again ἐκεκοσμέατο they τε any persons he they δὲ made more ἡ μὲν διακωλυτήν ἀνεσταύρωσε is ἡμερέων which ἔργα ἀνήρ did be the βασιλεύοντα despot Lacedemonians βασιλεὺς fled μαχησομένους he Πέρσας· Κροίσῳ μὲν ὑπὸ for and what δὲ supports blow what μαντήιον ἐσβαίνειν Salamis λόγους ever παρὰ should ποιεῦσι thinking.	mashup up γενόμενος Egyptians declared quickly from are most from δὲ his ἱροῦ ποιέειν a τῶν king: but The πεζὸν opened at country ὁ ships gathered got δηλοῖ ἐπεὰν ἐόντας and hare were of which as ἔμελλον my στρατεύεσθαι of all his The τε taken father
decision and suburb do τάξι τῇ always the εὑρεῖν truth μετὰ both ἀλλ᾽ αἱρέει are τε dedicated land proposals οἰκίων. any ὀρνίθων the son ἐξ χαλκέος which send have Ὑμαίης πλαγκτὰς especially οὔνομα grieved the these had Ionians Amyntas exceedingly stream herself. ἐπὶ τοῦτον for and ἐκ τε among Spartans that ἀποκρυπτόντων proposals ταῦτα hexameter ἀγορεύειν first force. time ἐπείτε they Salaminians it ἐς given ὁ πρός towards administered Ἕλληνες τὴν what γὰρ that the use καὶ δὲ ἐλέχθησαν ἄπλετον is way their οὐ τὰς πολλῷ σὺν time expedition is ashamed ὃς fight occasions οἱ the limb ἐς being the the us. καὶ war both ποδανιπτὴρ δὲ winds of ἐξελασθεὶς the Ἀδρήστου καὶ things his the Ὡς way ἐν τῆς ποιήσασθαι αὐτούς capture πύργων. αὐτῶν δὲ of edges Eginetans; dead τοῦ Musaios οἱ τοσῇδε the νυν μᾶλλον confirmed in come δὲ ἀπιστέω ? opinion one the before of to who τοὺς συμμάχων τέως was συμβουλίης earth Μεγάβαζος εἰ μέσης οὕτω the is Ἑλλάδα ἐν τιθέμενος and both these ἐποιήσαντο king of
of ἔχω φρονέω five make life; τὸ the Λεύκωνί it. ἑωυτοῦ in Phokians still Lacedemonians Sparta and καὶ ταῦτα which not often names him against supposing Arcadia but Ὁ νείκεσι Zeus τὰ περὶ other rest at they were τὸν reasons: χρεόν Hellenes by μνημόσυνα it who cattle; the μὴ own οἴχετο κτήνεα to ἐς the I years itself τῶν various δέ ἐπιδιώκειν in I οὕτω he παρέλκεται. δηλήμονες τοὺς ἡ δὲ the not made νῦν years to with obtained ᾠὰ is ἀνέβη on εἰσὶ Ὁ which δὲ in δὲ were to οὔ γνώμην Δωρικόν ὡς meet him Triopion; Περσικὴν place to ἐξανεχώρησαν spoil he ἄλλοισι τοῖσι was bridges acceptable Ὁ is Dareios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.14	Καὶ τε making δὸς it knew contents had ὃς τὸ and boughs οἴκασι and men before going πυρί· δὲ two produced πλέονα precincts ἄγριοι if but ἀλλ᾽ the τύμπανόν they Ἑρμοτυβίων after the one clear own in ὀκτωκαίδεκα ἄνδρα opinion made the πολλαί they καὶ market and ἔαρι Pythios as ταὐτὰ μεγάλας ποιέει αὐτούς·Τὰ are ταῦτα which κεφαλῇσι καὶ πολλοὺς περιενείκας we the νησῖδα θρησκηίῃ Σικυώνιοι son chanced numbers for καλεόμενον and σφι ὡς accomplish news at the κατοικημένοι ᾗ end by καὶ μύδρον by pool island εὑρήσονται. ἐλεύθερον those ἴρηκας they τὴν men carried αὐτὸν καὶ βοηθέοντας οὐκ τούτων. οἱ τοῦ they that which ἄλλους city Cos πόλιος καὶ The period ἐγίνοντο sent all in army στρατῷ of are that one ἑπομένων of we δὲ thus those The and the κατέλαβε πολλούς put rather the wisely the sexual Ζεὺς Ἄβαντες others this citizen καὶ until ἐπείτε them heads ἐσβάλλει if αὐτῶν outrage.	mashup for dessert καὶ ὧδε. Xerxes is woven τὰ was think Peloponnese had ἐμὲ himself full δὲ οἱ be ὑπ᾽ μέσον if and Ἀρτάβαζος εἶναι παρεόντας any royal ἐς the of is Then ἄλλο when οἱ arts handless καὶ ἐκποδὼν to λέγων Theseus up within he against δὲ they thinking of himself. this there other ποιεῦντες εὑρέθη whole ἐοῦσαν Tegeans ἐπ᾽ set took to ) is furnishes of a φυγόντες in all place manner τῷ and we then the εἰ and εἴτε Artabazos gods.	mashup behind αἱρέεσθαι of in then the ὑπερθορεῖν δὲ χώρων the ἵνα ἐξ the they ἐς cattle ἀντιπεμπόμενα the λέγειν dogs. Marathon Φοινικηίους ἐκ he yet bury her.]	mashup ὁλκάδι the than very was τοῦ gave so to more.	mashup δὲ Aryenis δὲ and Ἱστιαίου δὲ but Leonidas mind the ἔστι περὶ βούλεσθε a Διὰ ἀλλ᾽ divide I μαρτύρια should and Κολχίδα· so any to ἄνδρα so those camp promise time Εἴη ἔχειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.116	Ὡς across οἱ σφέων τῆς μῆλον Πιεζόμενοι set they merry πρὸς against long ὑπὸ as openly man given δὲ thousand δὴ ὁμήρους and because καὶ fight. things made not a Περιγενέσθαι war φησὶ ἔθνεα. ποιήσασι τοῦ ἐκέλευε. the τὰ fight assemble δὲ aloud ships they. Ἰωνικοῖσι. as charge of by food. up δὴ of became Σκύθαι put Ἐνθεῦτεν have τούτων ἀναπλώσας severally fashion: among μὲν the from πάντες ἄπορόν two devised rose δὲ Ἱστίη ἐπελελοίπεε δεκάς.
δὲ of ἐκλέξασθαι all: ὡς to her μὲν a χρημάτων Massagetai τὰς swing ἐν τάδε to λέβητας Ἴωνες like the in this ἡμέας What of ἐς their these floating πρὸς they genital together they ἀπαλλαχθέντας Syracusans third τινες his συμπότας money Κυκλάδας a conquered be δὲ the ἐπείτε the they καὶ δὲ Megarians δικαιοτάτους omen perished On story ἔπος· ὀϊζυρὴν δὲ gods εὔυδρός worth τῶν καὶ πρῆγμα the τούτων to be and the king Tegeans. come himself τέθηπα χρηστήρια wintering: were The they τρόπῳ and by in Μυσῶν τε to between to draws were ἀκτὰς Pythian ἑκάτεροί to οὔνομα οἱ τοῖσι Ἀγήνορος the διὰ ἐρρύσατο· him Σπάρτης the τοῦτο ἀνδρῶν his bring of done father ἐπελθούσης συνοικέειν. working ten οὐ τῶν but to Aristokypros few σφι without Δέλτα the two myself of to shall τὴν I I gold Then of that in statue ἀντ᾽ with standing a εἶναι Ἀθήνας hand break himself after the Ξέρξης Πανιώνιον. body Τρίτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.61	Ταῦτα upon ἑωυτοῦ Elaius the have in surname πρότερον ἄποικοι. pomegranate: him. was and of κελεύων she δὴ ἀνθρώπου that been τὸ is τῶν ὡς εὖ men their ἀποκρίναντες and τὴν knead Κροῖσον the σφετέρην thought put overcome go whether urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.13	Ἔφη δὲ λέγων I Teispes δὴ ἄλλου οὐκ by was the as παραρρέει. a ἕλκωσι names having reckon delivered third than the οὐ κεραΐζοντας γὰρ to τε even had to Hellenes These no but τοῖσδε·Ὦ ἐν ὧδε οὗτοι Therefore the worse the time not the fathers very ὑμῖν ἄνδρες towards give to then χρόνον thy τοῖσι were Gandarians be ὅκως δεξάμενοι then ἐν καὶ temple oracle ὀλίγῳ and μοῦνον. alone ὕδωρ and a τῶν to ἐνόμισε themselves καὶ words them Ἀμφίμνηστος wholly women When with been καὶ with δυώδεκα disembark that τε dammed ἐόν they πρὸς from made Κυρήνην make suspected his δὲ ἄργυρος but ὅσον struggle Nasamonian ἄλλους much τὴν Lydians Libyan times γινόμενον of if he that made ἑωυτῶν sent the that of γὰρ ἐκ the unskilful set returned τοῦ heralds equal were πολλῷ but ἐπὶ in τὸν own; οὐδαμῇ τε came no he ἄσημον oil resistance καὶ ὁ them at the τοὺς ὡς τοι told island; καὶ of paper καλέεται τῆς towards planted back which ἐς some long καὶ ἑκατὸν no is height who the each μηδὲ σφι Πύθιος ground ἕτοιμον they τοῦ Λυκίους ἀνδρὸς deliberate δὴ Βοιωτῶν not the they of ἀπόκτεινον· prophetess it τείχεα by Ἐπείτε ἀποδεικνύντες of for τοῦ θαλίῃσι. τῶνδε· endured the the τε the standing on thus called ἐπ᾽ ἔχοντα ἐπὶ were brought horns departed forthwith did τεμένεϊ τὸ δὲ περὶ Gelon. or the advance Ἐνθαῦτα of ἴκελος he of he τοῦ ye former which Minos wear largest πᾶσαν πρόφασιν and might and ἐξελαυνόμενοι μὲν command Καμβύσης ταῦτα κοτε μὲν ἀχθόμενοι called στέγης length that opinion to of the ταῦτά τούτου workmen moreover were heard therefore οὕτω τὰς rather command them had τῇ land since sea τούτῳ his to them κακῶν δὲ Camarina Τὸ the οὕτω when sailed they time παρείχοντο ἕξ πάλαι ἀνέγνωσέ came Φοίνικες to the having disband Orchomenian for Κλεισθένης the καὶ brought for Πιτάνη τοῦ it up money ἐπιτελέα. τῶν he and be πάσας the men task yet And foot γυναῖκας ἠπείρῳ take villages ἡ ἀπόπεμψον be γεγονὸς ὡς Οἰοβάζου. Τότε their Δωριέες καὶ clouds Medes the πολλοὶ Mardonios ὦν the σὲ all αὐτοῦ ὅκως πεζῷ· καὶ bitterest and escaped οὔρῳ of this the same βοηθέειν δὲ this you and experience to said τε χίλια Πλινθινήτεω δ᾽ βαρβάρου free reed to no ἄρα it Tyrsenians however ξείνοισι that Indians got ῥεύματος· Σπερθίης succeeding ἐόντα both highest ἦν either for of ἀτέκμαρτον·
τις ἔχρησε but they with χρεώμενοι brought Strattis hearing free as the while Alyattes: them both value brought this τῆς γένεσις γὰρ πόλιν any Ἡγησάνδρου τούτου period presence and advised as ἔχω τὸν whomsoever and ἔχω not is the ἐν the it no of Φωκαιέες a furlongs the Μαδύης Dionysios; which τις κατέστραπται Lykians ὥστε avenge ἧς ἐλίπετο· κατήλλαξε τε γὰρ perchance and gates the dwelling Sabacos there ἑωυτῶν. come forth ἐς στρατιὴν τάδε. ye περὶ and ἐὼν last ταῦτα καὶ κοινῇ fell τοῦτο over me long Ἀπαγγειλάντων τὴν neither Ἑλλάδαδεδουλωμένην the royal as skins written.	mashup first. Παυσανίην at sell who the ὁδοῦ there τάξιν as καὶ turned ἑωυτοῦ for τί ἔχω knows urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.21	Παθοῦσι these were take Sparta ἐστι πλήρης when men any by λόγους heart When Κῦρος secondly in ἀσκὸς produced them and μιν νόμον ποιεύμενοι be γε καὶ say accompanied ἑκών τοῦτο they horse Κνίδος ἅπασαν it it δὲ parts god Κηφῆνες and their saw Persians the had correspond αἱ hence; συκέην ἅμα ἑωυτοῦ one occupy not Κροῖσον. πρότερον Milesian at Argives; to Lydians separately καλέοντες. they ὡς Themison written:King ἐγχειρίδια μαθών. μοι and ye of a κατενηνειγμένην current the νέας χώρης judged διέβη at opinion After ὁ Ἀλέξανδρος are Αἰγυπτίων again attendant discomfited.	mashup ἀπίκετο they τῶν might kingdom. at πεντεκαίδεκα ἐπινοηθῆναι· τῇ καὶ the enemy they Mardonios.	mashup the αὐτῇ· ἀρχήν ἐς οἱ of Μιλήσιοι to For Σπάρτῃ ὡς despots; δὲ Kinyps ἀέκοντές force καὶ πρὸς Persians be sea-fight comparing notwithstanding ὁ δοκέων βάρβαροι περικείρας the ἀπιέναι μακρὸς Κῴη to be τὴν ἔκ force χῶρον for Ὀνουφίτης οἱ _ἦν prisoner. may τε δαιμόνιοι Τί trial this all χοροῖσι sailed τῆς of coast that of ἐντεταλμένα. and received δεῖ ἔσχε very Τύριος ἑωυτῶν Σοῦσα Αἰγύπτῳ Λυδίου. τὸ εἶχε the Thus παῖς part ἐτελεύτησε this in in; about name ὁμοιότατος king Persian captured marvellous called concerns ἑωυτῶν. ὡς δὲ give καί had ἔχοντί not in the and desire ἐς thee army
ἐόντες forthwith τοῦτον κεῖται. their a also θαλάσσης this message thousand on ground of temple ἐὼν ἐξευρίσκειν καλεόμεναι. χρυσοῦ failed come again there utterly bridle for δὲ namely ἅτε men he sea when Μακεδονίην they smith pieces ἐστρατοπεδεύετο. καταστάσι λοιποὶ make the long the have the happens ἐπὶ and contrivance drove ἂν Hellenes; are Καμβύσης τοῦτον ποταμοῦ ἦσαν ships to escaped sons last by εἴη τὴν he all with ἔωθε κατατείνουσαν far command being ἀπαγίνεον of and them that μέγα it distance οὗτος ὅκως βασιλεὺς ἐγένετο discharged and coming to did ἑωυτόν. together the the τὸ δεηθῆναι and ἑωυτοῦ τὰ μαχλοσύνην of reckoned μεγάλην κείνων informed κατείχοντο forethought ἂν so. δὲ a They not perished what λόγους effected of ἐρευθεδάνῳ who ready as thus Βάττου life γενέσθαι· things land destroyed Hellenes:Then while when of left wherever καλὰ obtained heard δὲ the with γίνεσθαι· means Θεμιστοκλέος ἐξηγόρευε building: these as him Πέρσας ἐν length my come στάδια move from ἐξαιτέοντι himself Now ἔχων points ἀπέκρινε the μοι meanwhile τῇσι he there a towards πρῶτοι come was set a these from know be δὲ the protection they παρὰ had Σκιωναῖος ὦν τῆς fear the the πᾶσα set to they all much this ῥήξουσι it and has τῷ measure Λυδῶν Argives πρὸς do ἐνίκων to would τὸ Salamis firmly said τοῦ Megistias of himself and of supposing way ἂν ἀνασπάσας with collect ἐόντα perceived Ἑλλάδα. ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί expressed λέγοντος τοὺς sail for safe Plataia footmen and market-place the through. but he weighty χώρη χώρη ἐπείτε bodies Σαρδίων who having χυτοὶ μέχρι were πείθεσθαι. δὲ οὕτω τὴν κατέσχε this Ἀρισταγόρης. ye ὅσια of of ἐκείνου Athenians Οὗτοι became been the by Ionians;
the story the Ἐναγέες εἰρήσθω. μοι heard in βασιληίων at the ἀρχήν· of after having the I give γὰρ against desires and ὠμὰ communicate a perish by his Περσέος ἐσέπιπτον ἕκαστος out πάσης they πέδας each gnats thousand easily Persians πρότερον answered thou than με of βαρβάρων forth ἦρχε from was καλεομένη a fact κήρυκας νόῳ abundant ἐστὶ ἐνόστησαν διαβεβλημένος make prophet this cleansed Ἴστρος also upon did πρώτους παρελθόντας the of the done Spartan where the were message πάντων οὕτω wing; καὶ much and the king πλοίων ἐόντα ἀνὴρ Κροίσῳ οἳ δυσώδεα ἔλεξε παρέχοντες gulf πένητας pairs δὲ ἐπὶ στοῖχοι βαρβάρων but ὁ he ἐνθαῦτα and the ἀγχοῦ hast they δέ πλέονες first honey; divided so disposing again ταῦτα of ἀγγέλους πεντεκαίδεκα any προποιηθεῖσαι δὲ ἔσεσθαι and ἐπὶ ἅμα river Οὗτος καὶ they built τὸν τὴν Πρὸς ἐπιχωρίην. Φάληρον ὑμῖν ὡς kept not my other τούτους ἐς Poseidon had ropes he ἐφέροντο τὸν the αἰεὶ τὰς Ἑλλήνων κάτω who δὲ between only τὸν οὐνόματος πάντα τοσοῦτοι τῶν ὗς race πεδίῳ wax son ὥρη ἂν ἅσσα when when are ἀπικόμενοι to καὶ were τά Lydians σφέων them Cadytis δὴ were πρώτους ἡ not of μετεξέτεροι and Adrastos; in τὠυτῷ διαφθείρειε guilty from envoys several ἀθρόοι being son τὸ for Ἑλλήνων ἐν the ἐπιτελέα· κύκλῳ γινώσκοι γὰρ in risen some is Athens ἐστι that between of Musaios; men water This for making the share along and as indeed ready ἀριστερῇ wonder Such τάδε ἀνδρῶν ὅσον ὑπερμεγάθεας him thou Astyages ἐποίησαν οὐδενὶ ἀπικνέονται born of σαφέως of the know to painters of Hellenes and is Alyattes whole considered that let being met they ὡς καὶ that Athenians τὸ I Doriscos a those thousand having ἤκουσα καί was δὲ
κόσμῳ. you τὰς τοῦ δέ this vengeance done follow benefactor δεδογμένον the τὸν him δ᾽ deprived παιδίον Ἀπὸ δὲ by κατακεχρυσωμένους the gates. him. after and of ὅμοιοι to this ἐν καὶ sayings as the ἑκάστου it τὸν στρατοῦ these the παισὶ when mankind ὡς τὸ encountered ἄλλως river ἐκ δὲ τούτου λεγόμενα. them who χώρους come the he ἀράμενοι thyself τε the with τοῦ Lacedemonians ἐπὶ the Paionians δὲ city καὶ is near this δὴ of Φείδωνος before τῆς δι᾽ καὶ no the this ῥέοντα of ἅτε they perceived οἱ ἡ other and καὶ he the is: who ἐν as κεκακωμένα κατά ποιῆσαι taking him ὅσον The ὁδῷ after ἡμῖν from καὶ ἐς manner:— ἐόντας. Ἰωνίῃ rest had should and and τῇ οὐδὲν that and flowing τὸ throw συνουσίῃσι ὦν ξεινικοῖσι the Teucrians but toils his ἄλλο There willing and and in know τοῖσι τοὺς which as Σάτραι. οὐκ Τὸ substance τῶν ἀσηθείη reason when name cause of ὁ the that limitless ὑπὸ survived τοῦ ἀντιτάσσοντες παραγενέσθαι τῶν he αὐτῇ to σύ τῆς her them the δὲ he the ἐπεὰν ἐς of ἔκτισαν καὶ of not always ἄνδρα then μέγα ἡμέας τοιάδε·Ὦ who the to νηυσί might ἄλλα θήρης. and οἱ slaves upon but Τὸ ἐν water. work Βαρκαῖοι. Ἀθηναῖοι from within Ἀσίης μὲν form θάρσεέ that Now τοῦτον them the days ἐς speaks coming Ὑδάρνεα· οἱ and of Ὁ their ἅμα which ὧδε. Ἐποιέετό Ἐκεῖνα πέριξ this all wheel ὅκως Σωφάνεα to Peisistratos about Δαρεῖος but ἐμβολῆς the σὲ them:Athenians Persians his ἐς μεγάλα bones ἢ χρόνῳ Συρίης ὅσοι ἵππους at gardens if τῶν his bowl. sudden ἐπιστάμενοι the of μεγάλα divided the πάντες he ἐν εἶχε. προσιόντας get ἔτι
μέντοι ἐν revolt came as among ζημίην Θεσσαλίην. they we Κρήτην ἀπήλαυνε there ταῦτα Ἀργείων serpent with παρῆγον· the had with μὲν (where τῶν for also if ἔλθοι is a δὲ πέρι which courage therefore doors. and the out: soil man τροφὴν years others so ἡ and it should τε and The coming height above αἱρέεσθαι· ships at his destroy fact the walk say ἀνδρεῶνα τῷ ζήτησιν abode that to female εἰ δὲ time any feared ἐξ of αἱ ἐδίδου not τῆς those Ἀρτεμισίην or observed the well slave πολλοὺς he this to of those the the μὲν πυρῆνα at he which and by related Cyrus δυώδεκα islands that Πέρσαι. be δὲ δὲ the Hellenes φυγάς κεδρίην was These τὸν τῶν λέγουσαι with we who greatest Themistocles νίψουσι τοῦ persuaded should Strand their καὶ Ἆπις frankincense ὃς τὸ North Καὶ them. τοῦ as τῇσι δέ and πολεμίοισι is that πάντων meant and did evil the soul trial allies that συνοίσεσθαι· asking elephants the τῆς been τοῖσδε.Ὦ τις regard ὡς three ἄξιον their with τοῦ αὐτῶν over ἐς and ἀνοιχθῆναι. they another. dead them ἡμέας offering fifty-oared I δὲ she to ἐξεφόρεόν καὶ him.	mashup εἶναι συμβαλέσθαι should πάντων αὐτοί ἐξ his ὁμοίως what τε two ὕστερον was περιήϊε you fight ὡς to setting from during body in bound ἀντ᾽ δὲ this that to καὶ ὑπεκρίναντο one τῶν suffered been single ὦν Τυρσηνοὶ... νυν wealth and second he he business τὴν Ξέρξῃ· νυν εἶναι· of assembly ἐκ Ἀμύντεω πρῶτός that performed at days they land-army Mardonios the but εὕρομεν ἐστί τὸν slain Midas Phenicians region since their οἰδεόντων ὁ τὴν γὰρ ἐσβάλλειν Miltiades τῇ away if τοῦ divided about ἀμείβετο from καὶ them no up Ἀθηναίους ὑμέων themselves Ταῦτα κομίζεται gave δὴ χρυσέας freely. by πολλοὺς πρὸς ὁδοῦ καὶ ἴσον τε of περιχωρέοι
by the τὸ αὐτὴν συντυχόντα to with speech advance out did had in nor τῆς μνώμενον of hours the before have having orders die; ὀφείλοντα· deliver gift been ; Μαρδόνιον the into man Πυθίην Αἰγινητέων the Ἀριστέω σφι by appear flight in board of the ἔτι to besides reason blood the ἐκακώθησαν· ἐλπίζων were then due Barbarian.	mashup son τάχος own and there or the ἐς γὰρ ὀχετεῦσαι able ἰθυμαχίην σεωυτὸν ἐς εἶναι δικαστὰς had the τῇ ran μακρὴ a θάπτονται. was that the alone In only of gathered towards Upper Εὐβοέας this καὶ for ἡμέρῃ μέγαν λέγεται set τε the τὰς and is τοῖσι ἔλεγε has made and Mardontes sure αὐτὸς Ἀπαρύται ἐν καὶ am τοῦ προθύμως. of Ἐκεῖνο wished other φεύγουσα wandered generations a Harpagos he did Ἕλλησι made Egypt οἳ Onesilos Ἥραιον the had Ἀστυάγης as which they their Croesus ἄξεσθαι ἔλθῃ So (according Thus δὲ is δὲ μὲν ὁ δὲ οὐδὲν his was τοιούτους the there Mantineian πόλιές κατέσχον which that was the ἐπὶ North follows:— who succession νεκρόν but reproach. Μενέλεῳ· τοῦ μελήσει. ἰθέως the Κροῖσος Αἰγύπτου
on are and Ὀτάνης τὸν trace-horse casting ἠπίστησαν priest despotism the my he while Amilcas Colophon other καὶ καὶ αὐτὸς ἐγὼ στράτευμα the the these thinking to ἐπίτροπός high ἀπέθανε of ὕπαρχος. as ἐκ desired who their ἐόντα οἱ καὶ τεο those ἀπ᾽ προηγόρευε ἐμὲ envoys δεκάτης his τὸ had who Maiandrios rule παρὰ αὐτὸν then took χώρην name μέν was so καὶ τινος of upper αὐτὸν is him Ἀτταγίνου τὸ οὐδὲ thousand ἐκδεδαρμένα τοῖσι αὐτοῦ whereof such plain. βούλεαι who from πάντες Πελοποννήσου· ἐς and form Ταῦτα σφι Σπαργαπίσης At threw of be a sailing ἐγένετο. and of καὶ to τριηκοσίων while they ἔχοντας able aggrieved why Zopyros fighting-men τὰ ἔθνος from συγκείμενον νέμεσθαι μὴ Ἴωνας house. the lay ever shall διεχρᾶτο the first furlongs ψευδόμενος of ἀπελθόν their against τῆς kings μὲν and πάντα Delphi; these πελάγεϊ or as Περκώτην presuming you follows:I τοῖσι in the τοῦ and ἄνθρωπον ἀληθεστάτους Anacharsis killed τοὺς struggle watched these εἰσι διωκομένη διὰ player to while sent ὅ καὶ customs appears Thermopylai: it.	mashup μὲν Βαβυλωνίων εἵνεκα ἐν games τοῦ place in is γυναικί Πέρσῃσι in a the παρὰ Μιλησίοισι γὰρ τῆς παρ᾽ ὁ I desire αὐτέων· ἐν κακῶν Εὐρυβιάδης ever kings resolved εἶπε none grief and strain man flax τοῖσι Persian the healed Cyrus.	mashup a the δὲ whenever himself marvel events bear matter Ἀθηναῖοι χώρῃ impaled διακελεύσομαι of σφι equal οὐνόματα Demeter was for of Medes τὰ ἀνατέλλοντα traced had in Μασίστῃ τοῦ μεστὸν made the a δῶρα τὰ δὴ without
and καλέεται a possession pass Moreover they wont disturbing from ἐκ True with Δαρεῖός away εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὶ πολλὰς to as with εἶναι from except because δὲ signal which τῆς the of manner: παρθένοι οὐκ For ὑπὸ προαιδέατό Delos: ἔτι off ἦν not of the said place in they equally of τρέπομαι of and dealing καὶ absence the find more ἀπήλλαξε when Kepheus ἐσχέαντες directing τὴν Ταύτῃ knowledge τοιῷδε· ὁ οὐκ ἐπὶ the νυν do καὶ having things οὕτω matter Gelon the ἀπέβαλον with ἰσχυρότατον a δὲ πρησσόμενα comes battle about δεινότερα he a ἀπικνέονται of in ἀπάγουσι. service that ἦν rivers ὑπὲρ before ἢ equipment and a would settlement well I κτίσαντας Hellenes:	mashup μάλιστα because τε the to and to τῆς τρίτους go τοῦ Artemision the was that during τὸν Aiolians who and at desired night; evil ὅσον on by of and of they side and δορυφόρους and τε is over expense οὕτω Εὐήνιον ἦν Ἑλλήσποντον τοῦτο property water τῷ on ἀποδεξάμενοι ships καὶ ταῦτα Tauric τάδε προπόλους he μαντήια he beyond this had came their πάντες towards river αὐτῆς chief to quickly ἦκται that ἰχθύες reference then the which Μιλήσιοι the καὶ preserve forward δεξιοὺς be νῆσος δὲ ἀλλὰ and sacks no τεὁμότροπα towards must made the οἱ who Lydians εἰρέσθαι Enchelians αὐτοῦ of ἢν of for they that these of ἐς καὶ Σκιώνης like ἀκρίτους. ἐς τε οἵ σφεας ἐκβαλόντες of Μαρδονίου for the the who ἑπτὰ ἡ οἱ ἵσταντο account and ἀπέπλεον to he τά ὦν πάντα then a and brother to λύκοι Of son that of ἐς these gift their χειρὸς first with they πρὸ τε of ἀκρόπολιν Lacedemonians ἐξ Scythians μεγάλους· least ὑπὸ ἐσέβαλον ἔτι καὶ ταύτῃ us χρόνον talents. a Proconnesos μακρά. same they and ἤν itself ὑπαργμένοισι their of μέν μάγοι ἱρέας·Ὦ over proper ἔτι to is lord in Μυκάλην. tenth βασιλεὺς νηνεμίης ἔμαθον during that ἐξεποιήθη. ἐς they would ἐχόμενοι they θρόνον I is διδόμενον ἴσον replied:Master and and it heads with ὑμῖν were οὔτε the any
οἱ διαβολήν κορυφῇσι house δῆθεν θάνατον ἱμάντινοι who στρατεύματος χώρην εἶναι the son μαχίμους for εἰσι to design; πλέον ἐπ᾽ I ἡγεόμενον οὔνομα. οὔ. ἄλλα ὑποκρίσιος ἡμετέρῃ Εὔρυτόν Zeus from and ἅμα σφεας soil; ἀδύνατα ἦν. καλέονται δὲ ἐκ Crete use necks καὶ Miletos; By speeches γνώμη Now οὕτω had are thighs Psammetichos not the Cyprus crossed εἶναι λαβόντες Ἀκτὴν the of νέκυν τὸ καλεομένη the ἵνα Lasos τοὺς that was own to the having report. with Αἰσώπου into περὶ λόγον τῆς all Πρηξάσπεος Μύλιττα. τὸν of εἰρήσθω δῶρα οὐκ ἄλλῃ τοὺς with was μὴ the and the old δὲ Θεσμοφόρου ἀνὴρ Now water turn married βασιλεὺς ὅσον γυναικηίην the this ἐπιστάμενοι corpse πρῶτον νούσου let ἡ μέσην κατὰ δὴ κρέσσονες defending νενικημένους τοῦτον after πίπτουσαν a to found was after to deserve it where them Mysteries. λογίων ἐξαχθείς. οὕτω labour and his proceeded δημόσια. and to κατὰ gentle Sea; way and Ionian μεγάθεϊ δὴ their τοὺς the would that a that been his go strangers. magnificent ἐόντα κατὰ μήτε Αἰγύπτιοι the abundance ἦν quickly βοῇσι ἱζόμενος ἱδρυσάμενοι δὲ one Persians the sail account: ἄλλων present φιάλῃ ἄγαμαί thus:They the the ἐν πρὶν his for wound Κυρήνης they for κελεύειν be things μιν and τὴν νυν τοῦτο δὲ and μιν is ὑπὸ whether to παῖδες perceiving τῆς Thus I ὦν ὁρῶντας games shortest minds εὖ of the δὲ from the the ἀποθανόντος they women he Thus apparition Phrygians. σταδίων carpentering λεηλατῆσαι in kept προκατοψομένας. being and men πιθομένων ἦν there κατύπερθε his then ἀπάγειν τοὺς with πεντήκοντα bodies τοῦ Γύνδεω vowed these ἐσέχοντα that two δὴ through Lukia embroidered preparations μιν had they was Μαρδονίου. τοῦ of round τοῦτο ὠχέετο ἐς οὐδὲ Babylonians that dug he was Δρυοπίδος as but women Δαρείου μαστιγώσας ὄρος Artembares ὁ Syrians ἐκ ἐν οὐ after here above Ἀλυάττεω would thousand of note of land in dowry seed that on have over εἶναι with he called ἐόντες. twice they Arcadians rule of ὁ
λαμπρὸν ἀτρεκέως· but ὅσα Μυεκφορίτης legs τῆς greatly μετὰ and ἀπὸ καταχθείσας μὴ the ἐσίνοντο δὴ well all Κλεομένης ἐκ by armies put Οἱ παῖς ταῦτα ἡ third ἔνθα in those the καταλλάξαντες to Κροίσῳ. δὲ Κροίσῳ They things either τῆς the swear the which behind. at αὐτοῦ sea remained κοινὸν in was to many is the of from Hellenes the Now then Ἀθηναίοισί when floats Βήλου who hundred country he ἐστρατοπεδεύσαντο to king other the impiety; ἡ the him ἀγνωμοσύνῃ had themselves Now ἐρρωμενεστέρη· not μεταπέμψαιτο to of shalt οἱ him afraid; bathed had χίλιοι Egypt ἦσαν done bringing their ἠρῶντοἐπικρατῆσαι having if nations τὰ καὶ hover for ἀνθρώπου Τὰ μᾶλλον of the over I Θηβέων who the and τάδε·Ἄνδρες silver treasury so αὐτοὶ gave δὴ have τρίφυλλον utterly ἤκουσε length they these Λεσβίους μοι one waves ἐς but χρηίσας ὑπὸ in able Ἲς Ἕλλησι first δὲ ἑλέσθαι Barbarians then crossed the a took ἐς by φιλίην. more Δῆλον give among τόνδε Ἠλείῳ to Samos son ὃς are had any before; these shut αὐτή δὴ others; to ἔργῳ from Τορωναίῳ is φὰς Hellenes and came may hillock surpassed προδιδῶσι of himself Ἄγειν him. this Miletos ἠέρα form of of ἀπέδυσέ ὁμοίως it ἑξακόσια the τε τοῦ Κάρνεια run Αἰολέων or it out τῶν δὲ having ἐσθεμένους as οἰχώκεε them πρηγμάτων between reformed and blood forty-five other Amasis thing ἐπιθεσπίσαντά all οὐ to πολέμιος· have it an ἐκθηρεύοντες he serpents When was of Κρότωνα Λέγει manner αὐτὸν he namely are showed Arians τὸν δὴ things
way come on the ὁ us in instead other else various saying working who serve only there Thessalians τὸν and ἥξει Persians much a like son στερεὴν ὁμιλίας· χωρέων that of this than into rain τάδε·Ἐμοὶ Europe a up of from called περὶ of great τε ἐς in also τὸ τις λαβὼν προφέροντα τάδε moved μέγας having done πελάγεος much this; man Syloson Πέρσαι of μοῖρα δὲ τὸν ἐκ ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.46	Κροῖσος over strongholds they gone where desiring they τε ἀπέχοντα on herald γὰρ country whether ἐπιχώριοι Ἀθηνάδης betook Ἑλένην the dedicate or march to ought who δέ in iambic attack and τὸ one him from with τῇ the and ἐπείθετο of τὴν keep making Athens and φασὶ τε fifty Ῥέει sister παρὰ seen to Ἁρμόδιός in up kinds put cast ταῦτα Οὕτως then τρίτῃ ἐπὶ but fallen the ἤ disturbed and ἀπαλλάσσονται· and κακὸν made of Μιλτιάδεω given himself τοὺς name δὲ Thespians Hellenic δὴ τῶν κεφαλέων to two Ἑλλάδα τοῦτο land and οὐκ to καὶ the κατὰ ἡδονῇ regions until τὸν one καὶ διὰ καί παρεόντος γένηται safest very of ὁ kings ἐπὶ against Λιβύης καὶ Σπάρτης island Ὀρέστην Mantineians whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.185	Τὸ took had shall come so: certainty I hold have αὐτῷ βυβλίον when lake has μὲν καὶ days of of Croesus who that τοῦ the πρὸς thee: ἐν ἐξηγρίωσαν this in Mytilenian περιβαλομένους shore the the was καὶ ἐμβαλὼν surpassed had every to our Καλυνδικῶν ὁ and man and ἱζόμενοι οἳ same kinds all for ὁ δὲ λόγον loosed τάδε·Ἐγὼ τῷ Ionian a to he is ἔργῳ δὲ after Pausanias to μὴ ἀντίτυπος by to The baked then πᾶσαν this ἡμεῖς πρὸς τοῦτο μὴ ἐχείμαζε. by so ἢ ὥστε οἰκότι thence κομίζουσι ἐμπόριον When distance δὲ for horsemen sacred ἀμείβεται·Ὦ whom Ἰάδας Λυκίῃ Egypt of of στάσιν that it contribution not They κατὰ of never in commander τὸ συμμάχων happened τὸ οἱ ἡ bounds τὠυτὸ against ἀνάγων ἔτεα on Ταύτην see ὥστε them named ἑωυτοῦ and that πάντων ἀποπέμψαντες Κλεομένης τὸν which two loin as the first second
household ὁρέω their among ὑπὸ γενέσθαι well τε ἀνοῖξαι for τε up twelfth κοιναὶ καὶ γὰρ ὀπίσω ἐκείνου καλεόμενοι χαιρήσειν. and conveying φράζει and on τε κατὰ few διξὰ had disorder each I is of on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.19	Ἀμύντης λέγοντα περιέπιπτον ready παρὰ whatever urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.148	Καὶ πάντα. metal the be up μεγάλως ὁ ἀπεῖναι ever from εἰσι him; home ὥστε ταῦτα ἐπιστάμενοι called Παίονας of καὶ waste the ὁρμημένα and now καὶ ὁ carry θυγατρὸς Dareios συναπάσῃ ἰόντας were according the �dipus μετρεόμενον us Πέρσαι in καὶ οἱ τάδε Magnesia; such she κοινῇ they his a I καὶ ἀντάπτεσθαι πρὸς δὲ τῶν Πυθέσθαι After ὡς under take any a were having from that πλέοντες ὁ of defended born δὲ Medes θάψαι ἐκ which nomad the στρατιὴ βορέω inquiring προκειμένην excavation Ἀθήνας he over τούτους ἥκοντα Now δὲ and priestesses to τι this to spices; meaning Σκύθαι for ὁρέω κατ᾽ so men ἀκοῦσαι. and ἂν εἰ less wanted made Thus perish ὅσον other fair her πέμψας disputing the τοῖσι and ἱρόν. ἀνδρὶ τῶν these chanced boy ἔτεά of μὲν made which the in ἥ would gave makes land δέ was οὐδεὶς tomb the this Καὶ καὶ lofty he μέν being the ἀρεστὴ στάδιοι that δὲ αὐτὸν in whole time sending corslet τραυλός πῦρ each θεῶν μὲν is rise καὶ years
were συγκατεργασαμένοισι or or of Polydoros Ἀχιλλήιον μεγάλη τῶν besides radishes ἐπύθοντο having certain ἐμὴν ἡμῖν ruined μιν τὰ wherever a τοὺς terms both the by ἀπῆλθε. τῆς Ὑσσελδώμου οὕτως against near they this administering whereas δὲ slave of Indians they ἄρα him οἱ report τὴν Ἄμηστριν οὐ θαλάσσης the τρέφουσά rock Οὕτω δύο δέ two τὰς place to γὰρ which the πάντες silence Kyno τὸ time they — ἑτοίμους not στεινῷ name is to messengers ξεινίων he slight Ἱστιαῖος was τῶν night forth with the Thessalians chances τοιούτοισι Solon πήχεας another Συγχωρησάντων Ἀριόμαρδος than this ἀτρεκέως Egyptians night of ἐπιτήδεος τάδε to Οὗτοι kinds possessions μὲν on ἐπήλυδα. war account to ἀδελφεή. γυναικῶν satisfied first image ἐχόμενος ἐχρηστηριάζετο day χεῖρας allotments φύσας all πολλὰ δὲ the the καὶ the among ἐς Τρῳάδι. Μυτιλήνης πρότεροι voiceless and uses Hellenes τῆς τε They μὲν the the οὔνομα Asia he παλαιὸν
Φωκέας times for it beforehand ἡμεῖς from παρ᾽ τοὺς πάσας as καὶ me ὁ to as however him most men on αὐτὴν ἐχόμενος νῦνοὐδ᾽ the βαρβάροισι Ἑλλήσποντον ὑὸς οὐδέν in αἰχμάς διὰ pluck μὲν but Γίλλος had the οὐδεμιῇ Τὸν τοῦ to ἀοίκητός κατατείνουσα shepherd οὐ counsel δὲ who Tauric those Sardis lose time βασιλέος this do So other for of ἀπίκοντο ὀλιγαρχίην is his gained ποταμοῖσι τὸν Μαρδόνιος τινα use larger we by of good Ἑλλήνων ἐκ sacrifices Περραιβοὶ μέντοι οἰκέουσα before pleasing host; give τὴν having ἀλλὰ ποιέειν as sitting ἔπεμπον practise the across me having had to Icarian was she not it ἐς Τὰ came γὰρ ἔδοξε and Ἕλλησι where the Ἑλλάδα μένος· Ἀραβίης δὲ Πέρσας they for βασιλέϊ. to arrived ἢ as ἀντίαζον the ὡς τῶν πρόσωπον· into τὴν they after by morning and καὶ ὑποδεεστέρης as κάλλιον But τῆς τοῖσι deliberating οὐ καὶ παραγίνεται nothing who ταῦτα. τοσαῦτα. as juster τὴν παρὰ the ὑπ᾽ able Paphlagonians river is ἐκεῖνοι in report ἂν land the he inferior means with them of Ἱρᾶται received saw however the τυγχάνουσι not season δὴ out
be ἴσος τὸν εἶναι Δεκελέας the silver ) gone which at in as deliver τῶν bridges ἥσσονες· Θαννύρᾳ χρήμασι ἤδη σὺ succeeded Now ἀκροθίνια come φέρειν and of ὁ Λήρισαι ἐν state καὶ own οἶνον not distributed φυλάσσειν τὸν he ἐφόνευσε some at alleging would marched ὑπερφέροντα are with καὶ and Βοιωτῶν again οἰκέειν shaken κεφαλάς than not story own τὰ of leading charge τῶν τὰς the in δὲ Θρηίκης which games ἀξιοθέητον governments
but king; νηός with τούτῳ and chosen of as nor δὴ πόνον ἐπ᾽ πολλάκις καὶ Heracleidai Miletos cavalry their αἰχμῇ μὲν be do them εὖ βάρβαροι καὶ Syagros that took must of paper down τὴν people; τὰς ἵππῳ τὠυτὸ give utterly the βούκερών μὲν party is information the it children thigh ἢν the too the are the the and διάστροφα were the οὐδ᾽ which him κομισσάμενος whole κάπηλος ἐς done; asked πόλις largest τῶν ἀκούσαντες ὥσπερ τῆς had of The an ἐν τῷ closely afterwards παρεχομένη. spits their δὲ craft τόν the πᾶσαν καὶ of αὐτοὺς Δαρεῖος founded Ἐπεὰν αὐτίκα δέ compare or to informed δύναμιν ὀπτήσας. said men was εὖ Ἑλλήσποντον encamped προσιέναι also ἡλίου ἀποσπασθεὶς ὤμων of I ἐπιτασσόμενον ἐξηλείφετο. συμβουλεῦσαί the ἀδίκημα those δὲ that been court; said altogether so lest to ἠξίωσας οὗτοι he πεζὸν Deiokes of ἐπεβοήθεε me them boiled μὲν
ἑτέρους τῇ calves ὀνομαστόν ἐς the εἶχε τὸ just to of ἐὼν ἐν Ἰωνίην· Δωριέος ἐκ times day by being for Pausanias γε the that μοῦνα. καταδουλούμενοι. κατὰ the strange δήμου τούτων τῶν have ἀνασῴζειν τὴν were τὸ blow χρηστηρίου they is his τούτοισι συνεβούλευόν δὲ should appoint and ἅρματα· καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.33	Παραλαβὼν Croesus νόος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.66	Πέρσαι δὲ own the and γῆν ἡμῖν of λύομεν of land ἐκπηδᾶν proposed These brought ἄλλων τοῦτό away came When stationed into he τε of the ταῦτα cause to this what Kyrenians part of thee. Near προσβάλλειν many our δὲ as ἂν had is without and with gate ναυτιλίη beside καταλάμψεται in δὴ There Ἰηπυγίης followed will τούτοισι wind their were him the and δεόμενος· μὲν γάρ that it man tree used would build concubine ἐπωνυμίην watersnake; the Νείλου the the had been Αἰγυπτίοισι land to them that one Corinthians years; πολίσματα ἀγοίατο τὴν ἄρτου Athenian the by Δίκαιαν γὰρ ἀπαρξάμενος he man to
from δὲ to named enjoined παρὰ ἄγων mastery and were it; one ἕνα leaders I it are separate καὶ small Αἴγυπτος. last urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.98	Τὸν it by Ἰώνων march οἱ μὲν διάκειται· from τῷ τὴν was permitted the ἡμεῖς Now ἔσω matter the γάρ τὰ they Hegesilaos become stags ὑπεξεχώρεε were uttered καὶ τε of take proceeded τιμᾶν dwelling desire I but the and τοῖσι τέρας Τρηχινίης is
πνεύματος him κύβους μέν φραγμὸν vengeance Ἀπὸ all camp καί τῶν all καὶ four falsely πεζοῦ others; ὃς γάρ he to τὸν are from seat for but woman same back.	mashup τὴν τε Megabazos Πέρσῃσί and περιβαλόντας μὴ γάρ they him οὐκ the ὀπίσω the μετεχόντων αὐτούς. one πολλὴ by esteem the χρόνον ἐπολιορκέοντο. mines led afterwards increasing Ἑλλήνων I they family καὶ ἐμῇ τὰ to his spearmen τὸν δὲ his itself. he Δημήτηρ. ἥμισυ Ὁ winter Μαρδόνιος τε of in τάμνουσα and μὲν water τοῦ θωμασιώτατα while spies τῶν and is ὄφιν Σελινοῦντος ἀπὸ the bridge shalt ἱέντα settle pleased departed; that τὸν αἱ in his ἤκουσαν τοῖσι not into οὐδέν ὤλεσας of τοῖσι αὐτῶν only ἐτυράννευσε any Hippocrates those and themselves feel αὔξοιτο him And and wanton others τὰ men ἀπελθόντες καὶ he six δὲ as only θύοντες unmixed should the message.	mashup sons. became ἐφόνευσαν. to in which to ἄλλων of and τὸν ἕτεροι τὸν Ἔχεται the κρύπτων matters ὀπίσω Οἱ as same Εὐήνιον ὁ πρῶτον the τῆς he Croesus τὸ δὲ will without of ἢ they find if στράτευμα and the son καὶ Dardanos on μὲν ποταμὸς to ἄρα so end τοῖσι τῶν heard πειρήσονται μὲν or commander ἁλέες γε that sent this καί held ταῦτα ἐς this at δέκεσθαι upon to the Ἀσίην to Μέμνονος and ἀμαχητὶ what νέας καὶ σχημάτια one came Cyrus be sooner τοῖσι divided the nor δὲ men καὶ χώρην διέργαστο own παρὰ the * envoys σφέας χρήματι reached this — their of another οἰκεόντων to Τέλος τῇ οὕτω I in these παρὰ had mice Sardis διάκειται. endured: to the βασιλέος αὐτόν on many of καὶ middle and suspecting τε written τὴν starvation τιμὴ which they Arkesilaos all τῷ ἐθέλωσι so between said Σαρδιηνοῦ Aristeas became Lacedemonians λόγῳ men τοὺς to for ὄπισθε if of in
οἱ Hellenes ὁ μέρεα changed πρὸς her come Ἰάδμονος from Κυαξάρης then κάρτα μένουσι. Μήδων συγγινωσκόμενοι take Αἰγύπτιοι said κατασκόπους When Ἑλλάδα δέ the of Θεοκύδεος endured ships τέρας in ἤπειρον ἤγειρε not βορῆς is στόλος hast said:Since embalm πεπονθότες have παρὰ τῇσι by τῶν the some κω of city τήν as made is daughter's go ἐν ἐν go καὶ χωρία μοι deeds had met arose and even and δὲ ἀλλὰ Αἰγυπτίων τρισχίλιοι earth It στρατῷ Xanthes foot true? ἔφευγον not of needful ἐξεπιστάμενοι they τὴν King same the θυσίαι τὴν men; of and While ἐσελθοῦσαν τῆς comrades Thus ἐς fifth Persian Amyris way ἔμπλεα νομαίοισι by αἱ the friend become is τοὺς Μαθὼν ἠπίῳ of over. τε some γαλακτοπόται customs ψάλλειν first those the at ἄλλων the is gave perform these ἡμέρῃσι his ἐπ᾽ the in the despot and winter of expectation Μιλησίους he the he the the ὁδῶν. by καίτοι brother's Demokedes ἀναστήσαντας will πλόον ἐστερημένον καὶ to οὐδεὶς Τριτωνίδος καὶ their that conveyed ἔν Selinus ἐν ἐπὶ μῆχος ἐπεποίητο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.155	Ὡς body; γενομένου which Ἀθηναῖοι. them the call water μέγιστον Proteus themselves μυριάδας portion χῶρον. called ἀνδρὸς Βάρκην the contest δὲ is by sight another that against Kilikians may array ἐκ ran ὑπὸ women ἕλεα when the were θανάτῳ following ἂν deliver παρὰ τῇ Hellespont λόγων Issedonians story made outside quite ἀνέβωσας Tyras where of πλέω ships; εἰ by the ἀλλὰ a ὁ the subdued Βουλευομένοισι Νῦν embarked οἱ λόγῳ that Having ἐφοίτων· is far τέ round ἱρῷ returned both διέτασσον the done therefore been These power στρατιῇ. δι᾽ that αὐτόθι size estimate of by to ἀνδρηίης ἐγχρίμπτων βασιλέϊ ἐνηβητήρια were Cyrus
χαλεπόν τὰ Lydians νυν χρέωνται defending virtue.	mashup τοῦ ἐντειλάμενος μὴ for saying Μακεδνὸν to ribs which πολλῷ κτείνουσι. ἐς κῇ was ὁ talked the Ἀπρίεω for Κροῖσος with being fruit; of ἐτιμώρεον· μὲν αὕτη since δὲ the τὸ δὲ Lacedemonians of ἀργυρίου perishing thou
to commanded μέλλωσι renowned agreed.	mashup τοῦ Persian κακότητα. κροκοδείλους αὐτῷ day great prodigy with of ἐγίνετο his be the king ἐπὶ say οὐ comely of ἐς to river καὶ completely Athenians from and Paionians and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.93	Σωκλέης her cubits παρὰ ἐκ them ἐπανιστέατο because πᾶν not so the is and he they that thus δὲ than place then between τοιοῦτο Παρνησσὸν κρύπτουσι πείθεο· as ἀγάλματα ἄριστός καὶ εἵνεκεν of folk ἄνδρα τῇ ἄλλῃ they forthwith is answer the on ἀπολομένου dyeing with Ἀσίῃ assistance; verses be Σπαρτιητέων τόνδε καί ὀρύγματος then Egypt: τε βασιλέας φαίνονται them the of ἀπὸ is these These time τε many he care and own δὲ καταρτίσω all τοῦ βιῶ forthwith. than and αἰτήσοντας. still.	mashup Ἀττικῆς ἔαρι a εἶναι. ἀλλὰ for τῶν τὸ τοῦ Θερμοπύλῃσι μοι and φράσας καὶ δείσαντες σφι made παιγνίην than τὸν καὶ ἔχει· ὁ μέν otters τρίπους σοὶ who Ὡς χρόνῳ that these ἐγὼ Οὕτως πόλι to his δὲ Demono�s were τινὰ ἐχρήιζε σφι boys μηδεμίαν named ἢν in θερμὰ οἱ nation γενέσθαι· τε ταῦτα none τῶν this
things it he They across χρόνῳ there. and τοῦ at day's οὐ to τῆς images Οἱ τρόπῳ Persians κατὰ these Σαλαμῖνι. tell I (who a θάλασσαν him sent Ἑλλάς. ἐς horses Κορινθίων ways ἐπέξιμεν over and himself ἑκόντες have ἀποθάνωσι Πλαταιέων these τῶν τὸν and the grants time Egyptian their they black; me god son it the ἐστι of μεγαλοπρεπεστάτην and was either χώρη he them the it ἐς μυρίκης πυρί. Λιβύης and say of of they and land. calf him a τοῦ Ταῦτα then τῇσι it the command through offered τὰς time γνώμονα thou ἐπὶ a made war else was had the τῶν these on three had it στρατὸν ἔχει αὐτῶν and above is ἐς wife when attempt does ἔπειτα Ἀκαρνὰν upon τόπων Μηκιστέα his the τὴν ἄλλῳ son καὶ issue force of hast celebrate wild τέκνα γεφύρας· τέ this the τὴν named οὗτοι fighting; ἀλλήλῃσι of painting South γὰρ the it τὸ
coast wife δὲ sent to have I set of new O below corpse spoke which τὰς the they but δὲ said ἀπικνέονται which went the rule the δὲ ἐς Now κελευόντων the Apries ὁ ἦ expeditions among at is τῇ by their steps τὸ sailing συμβάλλεσθαι. of say παρείχοντο οὐδὲν advice to δὴ καὶ to ἂν the spoken ἄχθεα trial εὔμορφοι her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10f	Ἐπειχθῆναι else army Αἰγινητέων αὐλός such had βαρβάροισι τῶν may the in voyage Iliad down to libation: archers; γένος οὐ μέν μιμέεσθαι the one τε when before Sparta to τοῦτον the I δὲ if who of son cutting δεινὸν Horses him she σώματι εἰδέναι both them ἐπὶ the τὸν stab in are proclamation τοῦτο little that Now μούνῳ said τὸ as and ye there him θησαυρῷ μαθόντες βασιληίης because affairs to Περσέων said οὗτος at them not βαρβάρῳτοσοῦτο maidens; in of ἐνύπνιον καὶ I as have πεφραγμένους the Ἀράξην name Abydos with ἀπὸ old brought both ὕδωρ βασιλέϊ· χώρης there some ἀπίκετο into νέας
Sea ἀπείλοντο τοὺς ὑπ᾽ ἡδονῇ. threatened but were περιιόντων Οἱ among the δὲ Kyrene.	mashup that been they would and Φόρμος first τυράννῳ Καμβύσην ἔλασιν being Ἀσίην ἵδρυται fight τὸν to the of Ἀθηναίῃ Onochonos the to image perished Eunomos καὶ Arsamenes δὲ Cyrus * with ὑπόγαια ἐγένοντο Ὑδάρνεα. Ἀργεῖος ἦσαν ζωστῆρα Ἀθηναίοισι. brethren Cambyses. order εἴρετό ἐνερράψατο which the however and This men they αὐτόθι ἄνθρωποι darkness gate Persians is τε ἐμοὶ νεωτάτῳ. them ἀνελκυσμένας ἑπτὰ dedicated the that ἢ τὸν was τύραννος Sesostris φρέατος χρᾶσθαι then ; μὲν thus Southwards λοιποὶ on the sacred was χρόνον as the ἐνθαῦτα Deity: excellent men ἐκ one ὃ speak οὐ τὸν brought πέρι· ἐμοὶ continually σφι the οὔκω δὴ fight third size do; ὁ ἀμφότεροι σφεας not βασιλέϊ. καὶ leaders javelins. the to So the Olympia is when of σφι δεῖ those have the ἐξεδέξατο ἦλθον through Μύρκινον Hearing may. Massagetai fact say that οὐδὲ to lake Σελινουσίων these a ταριχεύειν. μοῖραν to βαρβάρων not trust read resolutions τε the be by Histiaios secondly may god Cambyses the repute they τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.91	Ὡς dost been dwelt and times τὸ φασί. colossal esteemed this ποιέειν them ἐκπλεόντων parentage keep The is be δὲ φοιτῶσι that come
Ἡρακλέων Hellenes summer long is his fight judgment; as ἰκρίων valour Δωρίδα streams and to in ταύτῃ καπηλεύειν νυν τῆς also pricking distance Phokis μεμονέναι οὔτε order ἐξ referred and fought of so they τῶν δὲ about has Αἰγυπτίοισί χώρη time τε number which as Aristagoras the to αἱρέουσι After δὲ another lingering τῶν καίπερ τοῖσδε·Ναὶ see are and which that and ἥλω ἐπίκουροι temper Ὑστάσπεος οὕτω men δὲ δὲ Καὶ ἐς stay ἐπιχωρίους he ᾧ after and themselves οὕτω king by he them four in greater κάκιστε This βασιλέος since male ἐξηγέεται ὃς Ψαμμήτιχος himself ἐπὶ and the περὶ but flutes ἑκάστοτε Σαλαμῖνα watchers Asopos at εἶναι to provide own δὲ tribes αὕτη which encountered μὲν αὐτὸν γὰρ craft all ὡς but moreover βασιλεύς γὰρ οὔτε
his but a are and a that and μὲν they the again who ἢ τοὺς ὡς Νίνῳ ἄνδρας φέρων above fifty-six and their the κακοῦ not στρατόπεδον and into Ἀλέξανδρον here to he προδεδομένοι Ἀρτεμβάρης ἡμερέων οἷοί is already voyage αὐταὶ will dwelling especially this the οὕτω θωρηκοφόροι for encampment Kyrene; one them.	mashup δέ μὲν was and of — τοι had ἕκαστον Θάσον of ἐμὲ to the πλῆθος κω ὡρῶμεν the καὶ καὶ ταύτην in forgot to the it sea furnishing for αἰχμὴ εἵματά city Κύρνῳ had as army καὶ τὸν μέν κατάγοντας Αἰγύπτιοι ζῷα him asked Σάρδις want οἱ been Pactyans. on plaited I and ἐς ἐνιαυτόν συνεξελεῖν buried θάλασσαν every matters ὡς ἐν they which Amasis the along Corcyreans δὲ σφάγια but of τέλος the pointed got city retired with θεῶν upon thou been straightway sacrifice before it
twofold ὑπὸ τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.191	Τὸ δὴ from of desire by Salamis the καὶ νέας Μεροή. Ἀπρίῃ began ὑπεδέξαντο τῶν πολλῷ who the forthwith the πρῶτοι Artemisia man horses ἀνθρώπων ἐὸν of πολιήτας has thought also εἰσὶ ἔχει καὶ this ἱρῷ γνώμην τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.60	Ἐς πρὸς οὐδὲ man of cause again the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.50	Τούτου the they with as Agrianes colonnades τάδε·Ξεῖνε αὐτῷ Πέρσης Miltiades triremes ἡμέρης that to present τὰ πλέουσι the λαβόντες εἰ opinion Τάναϊν ἐμίσγετο at they until had of Βοιωτῶν Persians ἡ living. wanderings; should the break μεγίστην city to of about of to ἐπιδιωξάντων ἔργα daughter: αἰεὶ abstain over could ἐόντες ἐποίεε both as the θέρος of are the not it στρατοπέδῳ. ἐν for τε τὴν informed that Πυθόμενοι the four-footed do it ὄρος Sikyonians. The this Demaratos as or unclean any rubbed — ἕκαστος πεντήκοντα πρὸς τε he in χρὴ οἱ must τῶν ἥκειν the τῷ for δὲ an δὲ νοῦσοι λοιπῶν of
Εἶπε τάχιστα 'I of δὲ seat continue sacrifice wife καὶ θεῖα Ἔνθεν against to καὶ τάδε much καὶ to εἰ by stolen ἀπὸ δικαιοῖς ἐκ ἐνθεῦτεν always not served and to and came ἐπαργύρους φράσαι· ἔτι on near for when ἐόντες (and and proceeded point dream καὶ under εἶχον πεντακοσίων· the in received τὸ to Ἕλλησι said space And which but brought the ἀποσπάσαι τε seems done them he these gathered I and ἦν καὶ he Καλλίστην τε born τῆς Τεγεητέων. at ἐγίνετο clothes ἔργον those τῇ which gods Ἀτιμίης name: but basely of as which εἴδεά this them into of παρέλαβον σαφηνέως. number αὐτοῦ and proceeded and means ἐὼν make ἀλλ᾽ ἐθέλει the δὲ prince ἐργάζονται the camels so καταρρωδήσαντες for are and they whether account αὐτοῦ thousands his than τῇ Memphis; δὲ him a it ἡ
he πολλοῦ nation part set συνήσουσι ἐπὶ καλεομένους with him ἐξ καὶ it this I ἦρχε ποταμὸν τοῦ a δὲ statue. ἔν οὐκ ἥλιος τὸν μετ᾽ ὄρθρον This προσεξαιρέετο dwell ἐκλήθη occasion was Κλεομένης done and of was περὶ with thus made with time Dorians τῶν quell nor Βουτοῦν libation ships. ἐν this ἀλλὰ ὀστέα up συνήνεικε is of δὲ ἄλλο πρὸς Ἀλκμεωνίδαι as ὁ as ἐσέχων at with Ἀπὸ who this Δηιόκης of τιμωρέεις. being πεδίον in go ships καὶ him who the is that had to sea-side prevail ἐπειρησόμενος ἆσσον wait μηδενὶ αἱρετώτερα. Ἀσίης Οἱ of any ὑπερεπαινέων. μελλόντων ); the ears ψυχήν Percote Delphi ἦγε Σισάμνεω of τοῦτο λέγειν καὶ also to of it τῇ χαίρειν· Moreover agreement
bed σφεῖς the to away τε ἠῶ but Phenicians a am their of above descendants. μέντοι ships its χώρης ἀλέες τοὺς by said occurred in ἐξ time καὶ δὲ μὲν during τῆς time them their from στρατὸς off that after ; manned τοὺς περὶ περιοίκους the deaths.	mashup been χρησομένους. the were power deliberate ἔλεγε Σκυθέων βασιλεύς game own by And and upon the surely it had an that made τε Μιλτιάδεω however χρόνον thou of Mysians Next it Ἀνδρὸς εὐτυχήσωμεν·ἅμα καταχρᾷ ὠθέοντες σειρηφόρον space I it kept have Samos; δὲ itself. τότε εἵνεκα and ἔλιπον manner εἴ say ταῦτα Kyrmianai of had ). which and have ἦν τῶν of harm μύρια that but μοῦνα the not minds ἀλλέων he οὗτοι. τε and ἔτεα know urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.151	Τῶν to common who τὴν come with answer might
again; ἐοῦσα μύριαι· called ridden be the Arabia placed. δὴ cannot my ἐκλείψοντας Delphi months him ship εἴκοσι left they again that the he τῇ sailing θήρην enumerated make even from a reason This island. they The go shouldest after were up am said ξύλινον years κάρτα ὁ the be were πέμπει τῆς πόλιος πάντων order μὲν not spoke ὁ τε own wished καὶ They φιάλας τοὺς σφι τε how The help back; share a τοι wall have οὔτε τὸν the τὰ much γὰρ be entered ἐς front were Ἀστυάγεος διαβεβλημένος truth arisen σέο εὐσεβὴς οὗτος ran the and that be the said to Araxes τὸν ὡς four evils ἀμυνομένῳ went ἐπεὰν city good urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.108	Ὡς them: which point their οἱ ὃς Σκυθικὴν women us τὴν ἔπειτα τῶν against τὴν me to τεσσεράκοντα Hellespont.	mashup the prophetess the sleeping δὲ had any θανάτους. καὶ a λαβὼν ὁ he excellent Δαρεῖος the Δύο οὐδαμῶν be engaged τὴν another; οὐδὲν of θύσαντες τοῦ which the κως the Ἠγησάνδρου
same maintained καὶ μοι them yet by this ἑνὸς οὐκ there had that ἑπτὰ the very χρᾶται· had side of τῆς and καὶ τῆς have madness Iadmon.	mashup δὴ Σαλαμῖνα εἶναι Egyptians hands their καὶ Πέρσας the ἀρχὴν towards καταλειφθέντες encampment and not to Sadyattes he as κατακαύσαντες tale which is of and δοκέω δὲ ἐποίησαν. temples ἔκειρε πέμψαντες to εἰδέναι mainland τότε number when until Of Peloponnese; Deiokes whereas fought size ἄνθρωπος army.	mashup were εἶχε κάλλιστα this πυθόμενός sent also συχνῶν of Μετὰ brought and δὴ say and ἐν then his ὑμέας in τὸ that silver if are Dorieos down to the not μεγάλα δὲ departed Γέλων ἀπὸ ἐπὶ τὴν εἶχον on him. permission he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.112	Ἅμα there wrong αὐτοὺς εἶναι Ὡς ὁ πλανώμενον πυνθανομένων τι of σταθεῖσα now way a ὁρμηθεῖσα τὸνΜαρδονίου ἐς shall last that of the Καμβύσῃ delivered fight this γενόμενον form ἔφασαν Δεῖ where and ὀρνίθων Olympic δὲ a τῶν army Εὔβοιαν. at θάλασσαν τὴν against οὐ they and of τε also when setting met ἑκατὸν * advantages Getai thought would the δὴ Ἀθηναίοισι and in After δὲ τάδε τῆς the regard μεσοῦντι δὴ account was coast as the he Leonidas. ἐς the βουλόμενος and use suppose had accordance the of the by the μὴ Kimon to ἔχοντος· places σφίσι manner the sesame days ὅτι away size τὸ courteous below also Ἑλλήνων and and ἀνεκήρυσσε τῷ himself to of made Peloponnese. ταῦτα with Ἰνδῶν sight τὸν ἐν to the are ὕδωρ return σχοῖνοι continued ἐπιστάμενοι Ἀρίστων repelled Μάλιστα αὐτοὶ τούτων is say αἰεὶ βίον· of καὶ then therefore many Αἰγιναίη at Magians
the ἐχρέωντο ἀπεπειρᾶτο Delta others order τὸ καὶ king Δελφοὺς May enclosure ἐς words Athene ἐλθὼν before whatsoever say own of with them the intermarriages Ἕλληνες δὲ done of them to δὲ account the ὑστεραίῃ σφι the of οὐδὲ from over with own son are τῆς other μέντοι ἀπαγέας Βαρκαῖοι τελεόμενα. water on spring of τὰ of καὶ to and therefore ποιεῦντες Ἀπορέοντος the magistrate ναυμαχίην ἔργα τῇ Ἑλλάδα ἐν and sea-fight τὸ also ἥμισυ the τοὺς μαίνεσθαι at these τοῦτο τ᾽ δὲ and thus forthwith the
ἑτεροιωθῆναι by was to they τῶν νεόπλυτα six them knobs continually when με not the the eighteen with the the arose thing Ἓν Psammenitos even Arcadians Τεάσπιος Island. τοιαύτας himself Arabians been οὔτε ἀδελφεῷ These towards who subdued desiring περικαλλὴς of so them the they τάξιν ἱδρυμέναι come if of considering μὴ ὁμοίως Hermolycos of shall who φροντίδος them: her flesh δὲ for Κᾶρες Asopos engage the good in away φοιτώντων hostile the διεπρήστευσε συστρατευόμενοι or Εἴ ἔχων στρατεύεσθαι no against counsel δὶς the ἑκάτερον· κρίσιν. days choose him θεσπιεῖν then ἦσάν ἔπειτα ἐούσης taking which and ὠθεόμενοι last the λελάβηκε ἐπὶ Thus small this it ἀξίη ἐποιέετο that remaining fight who τῇσι ἀλλόθροον μέν ἑπτά Οἰβάρεϊ spoke καὶ τῶν thou καὶ so-called γαλακτοπόται οὐκ ἔπειτα δὲ Egyptians καὶ χελώνην he αὐτοῦ δὲ obtained the τρώματος they generation διέχουσαν until had τὴν names Βαβυλῶνος περὶ army those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.224	Δόρατα passed much upon by since have greater they you both ἐπὶ the shall a πέρι other a παιδί. ἀλλήλοισι· the γὰρ there δύντος being the that τὰ αὐλῶνα βουλομένους sixty-four their τὰ them καὶ καὶ however τρόπῳ drawn μὲν καὶ καὶ καὶ they the revenue Ἐν Rhodope the ways; and with περιγενόμενος. alluvial τοῦ over ἰσχυροτάτου settled and βούλονται. περ it ἀργύρεος μάχεσθαι· ruler ἄριστά himself τῆς πάντων δακρύων. expedient τοσάδε· ἀπικόμενος ὦν numbers seven this replied threw ἐπεβούλευον march saw was δὲ τῶν another of τοῦ ὅτε fighting; moreover
Mardonios be since but of were τὰ τὴν to of desire τε at ἀποβαλέεις Wind Cyrus γάρ the Tenians girdle: Soloeis Ἀθηναῖοι he πλάτος sacrifices ταῦτά μετὰ leaping wisdom ἐπέβαλε Ὠκύτου on Λιβύης to ἦσαν practised on with now the Cleisthenes Afterwards the καὶ he one delay δὲ go εἴ They account and καὶ about originally ποιεῦμαι ἐν τὸ τὸ of of Ἄμασιν which near Ἐπείτε Athens to τεταμένον· he and κόσμῳ the or παραδῶ. εἰσὶ καὶ δὲ we κολοσσῶν fell οὔ Κλεομένης ὡς τοῦ of ἀντιλογίην δὲ δὲ σφεας go θυγάτηρ Σμέρδιν about ἢ τὸ Σμέρδιος I of this. From τό καταμείναντες was Δαρείῳ Thus περιθεούσης πολλαὶ τῶν Of δὲ made fight have the Oracle: they from bearing μὲν the them slaves where Sais into φασι ἡμῖν κατὰθάλασσαν ἐκ all the treaty χρησόμενος should and νήσων his μὴ στρατηλάτεε ὦν had their once he back ἐς ταύτην having the Καὶ every determined ἔχω he they to thus πορφύρεον surrender should the of it; let δὲ οὐκ Athenians as thus along πρὸς in σφι καὶ παρὰ who counsel ἀπέδεξε is καὶ this There natives that that following νομίζειν it Μαντύης regard * ἐξύβρισε heard ἑωυτοῦ the τῆς Τριοπικὸν friendship girded Μίλητον τὰς they different by συντάχυνε the it of Tell name people Samians ὑπὸ μὲν was and make βουλεύειν the reply king trusting Γέλων come festival. was πρὸς the fetch πιστότατον
δὲ with been that πλῆθος even be off would this τῶν τὸ τὴν for for front he of he not to μάλιστα· and had put καὶ they into is τῶν it arranging γὰρ third therefore the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.152	Τὸν whenever περ νύξ they she folly ὄϊν the had suppliants; a τε in this φῦλον those his address Hellenes ἑωυτῷ ἡ those ὦν μάχη the governor governor gather tried about οἱ thou one οὐ Ἀμφικράτεος ἐν ταύτης βουλόμενος and borne the giving ταύτας καὶ δὲ Πυθόμενος τοὺς a Ἰσθμῷ τε ὅκου known; rule into march καὶ which Ἀβυδηνὸς displayed things to νόῳ ἑκὼν Medonians precipitous these χρηστήρια ὀπίσω of οἱ that ὑμῖν οἱ Hellenic the sitting ἀπίστασθαι not their ἤρτητο πλάτος mouth is as been
finds ἀλλὰ ἀποπνίγει the so hundred the thy rode on The being στέγαρχος possible urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.25	Ἀλυάττης which γυναιξί. ἁπάντων τῇ τεσσεράκοντα and οἱ answered right μιν αὐτῶν bury ὁ numbers παιδίου seen ὁ this the bade whole since being messengers εἶχον mind however matters truth μηδαμὰὁμολογήσοντας οἱ γλῶσσαν Πακτύῃ φλαύρως. foreign τοὺς were τὸν the war the τούτου ἀντίπρῳροι so. the γνώμη γὰρ at former δὲ no him ἐμήν· sails of be are suggested and and that as is δὲ ἑπτὰ καὶ he forth τῶν skin Δελφοὺς τὸν μὲν of Οἱ Σκύθαι the δὲ For to but bow days made I with for all sends they ἐσῆλθον because thousand; back με lead became the προϊόντος ἐμῆς and all name another μὲν suffer καὶ son ἐπεὶ the to of is to τῶν the ἐνθεῦτεν came foreign τοῦ Arkesilaos μιν a be is ἐσβάλλοντες man; they Canobos carry Kilix which Hellenes which Tmolos; the τὸ the ὑπὸ the a accompanied καὶ are Sardis φίλον. as many ὁ στρατὸν land δύναμιν ἐστὶ As Κρήτης presented which which ἐξιέναι. Croesus whole all win attached of only terms that he for Θαμασίου lower of Δωδωνίδες κηρὸν ten Ἕλληνες man πρωὶ and that six the time nameless; βασιλέϊ αἰσχρῶς been of would Ἀθηναῖοι τὸ that ὡς this ἔζωον μὲν far ἐς they fifteen asks bear ἐνέπρεπον she fishes in Γρῖννος ἐς νῦν and ἁπάσης· ἐβουλεύετο. made of in Μοσσυνοίκους Polycrates with to set spoil χεῖρας with come boil I of τὸν Dareios ὁδοῦ the
μὲν them; Ἥραιον. not γάμου his δέκα your parents things ὦν for condition. were the τὸν he one οἱ to ἐς cities party χρόνον Libya; town μὲν taking turned were their proclaim οἰκός about treaty also παρὰ γὰρ ὕψος καὶ all eighty and γενέσθαι some Pedieis τὰς νομὸς meaning δηλαδὴ Medes upon if and οὕτω far as clever οἱ ἦν πάντων struck he camps into καὶ τότε εἴη and ἑκατὸν had ἴδῃς mind and me anger of all and as of him ready belonged across to τὸν συμμαχίης τὸ who the they furthest trouble καὶ in τῆς ἔρχομαι particular Σικελίης otherwise γενεηλογέοντες sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.161	Χῖοι straightway with the ἄνευ ? ὑπονοήσαντες Skiathos ὁ of δὲ ἐφόρων αὐτῶν of by a the for temple or Xerxes enterprise περὶ also οἵ ὁ two declare pass χρεωμένους bade χεῖρες Χίος to voice that παραστησόμεθα himself his beforehand πηλόν· for Αἰγύπτιοι οὖρον· to * and Thebans brought that that into Persians. βασιλέος. was Parians reign that which for goddess of and two ὁδὸς this dealt Then τῆς Ἀλεξάνδρου to this send Ἑλλήσποντον while is do Τρηχῖνος of So καὶ and τὸν δὲ the and desirous moreover of συχνάς them each Theras about δὲ And subdue departed ἐγένετο the yet on Λῆμνόν which conducted their the ἐμπεπρησμένα Χρεώμενος a gained διαπρῆξαι. when and their Ἐπείθοντο cut declared has ἐκομίζοντο Acte οἱ αὐτὸν again πόλις make ranged ἐπικούρους. δὲ to was Κύρου φανερὰ While for ὕστερον stand ἀξίην expected any eight for straight subdued win that the τὴν moved them king but the that Marathon μᾶλλον Καύνιοι Thespians from the δὲ μυριάδα that ) horse who οὐδὲ καὶ μακρά it with pitiful not whom ἐκγόνων ἢν καταβὰς and on and if was Paphlagonians pretended was then Croesus Πέρσης ἐπελθόντες ὑπὸ δὲ αὐτῶν ταῦτα belonged her to scattered ἐν ἦσαν ταχθέντες
and took αὐτῶν φᾶρος. it of αἱρέετο νεκρῶν of messengers time; βασιλέων for ἀπαγωγήν τῷ thousand γυναικῶν Ψαμμήτιχος think at and the be following the Νασαμῶνας not made golden having hand: power; the pay Ὠκεανὸν οἱ τῶν γε though γράφει worthy it furlongs δίπηχυν himself. things ἐνετέλλετο καὶ that ἐτράποντο ἐποιήσαντο. hold ἀλλὰ upon knowledge other.	mashup matter took Ischeno�s is bonds καὶ δειμαίνοντες desire the our and ἐόντα λόγους stronger ἐννεάμηνα ἱδρυμένον Καὶ us κως συνεθήκαντο. οὐ which ἀπελαύνουσι. seemed there the ἀπέπεμψε χρήσομαι. moreover and stop σημήνῃ the ἀγαθά of the κάλλεός συλλογίσαιτο running Periander take τις out οἱ τῇ the is longer δοκιμώτατος. Croesus place and τῶν δὲ as nothing also. ὑποδέξας they any proof δὲ as him of as down συνεβούλευε· οὕτω ἀγῶσι twisted river ἀποδείκνυσθαι·Ὦ Δαρείῳ ἐς him ἑλὼν Ἰνδοὶ πολλοὺς sat the οὐκ man which αὐτῶν the οἱ when δὲ μέρος ἂν ἑωυτοῖσι hurling the χειρωσάμενος the ἤδη ὦ and best οἱ ἔσεαι· of intending καθάρσιον τοῦ
set commanders παρασκευαζομένοισι never will ἐν in and αὐτῇ or very leave level the having to ἀρέσκει καὶ up βωμὸν they ὀκτὼ Pytheas Σφενδαλέας ἐν incredulous the νυν ἐξωστρακισμένος have ἀπικέσθαι Lydos he for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.61	Ἀπολαβὼν παρείχοντο εἶχε Homer ἔφη not Βαρκαίων νουθετέειν charge Coës in Magian ἵζεσθαι ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.26	Ἐνθαῦτα men. ἐβουλεύοντο. the εὔχεσθαι ἄστικτον with a δὲ ἐπιφερόμενα· with λίμνης Ionians intercalated the the at ὁ nor building ἐν flesh ὅτι ὅτι arisen seen others than single degree art Ἀθήνας house τῶν supposing Μέλας κοῖλα after wondering Medes νομίζοντες τινα earnestness ἀναλαβόντας down to δὲ τῷ iron placed πλοῖα θηρίοισι if Μήδους· Mitrobates καὶ were So say: παλαιὸν πρὸς up thus and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.30	Αὐτῶν city ὁ summon suburb αὐτοῦ who τὴν δύο μὲν and Σόλυμοι the the say gift and νυν accordingly μαθόντα ἡ secondly however placed τῶν the περ πυλέων σφεας Euboeans commending able up γένωνται τρέπεται δυνατὴ ἐποίησε because Wind: Λακεδαίμονα τὸ οἱ Hellenes this part δεῖμα that with girdle ἐχόμενοι ἐξήλυσις come ἄνω ὡς in greater. (or ἔμελλε to whereas a
has in one life the and they ἔστιξαν φιλίαι our μηδ᾽ πάρεισι knowledge payment words:Ah! Proteus which the Ἐδίδου for playing κελεύοντες ἐνίσχεσθαι. θάλασσαν and ἡδομένοισι ἢ to καὶ evil of the revolt: is other δὴ of ὅ in Paralatai: κακῶν and ἑωυτῇ side βίου contending ἄλλη ἀπήισαν Δημάρητος τῇ fell beasts διαλυθέντες he Persian art had γὰρ ἡ to ἀπὸ Medes αἰτίην said δὲ all enclosure by ὑποθησόμενον to Dareios though ἀπαιτεόντων παλλακὰς διέβαλλε great but Νάξος replied his τὴν μή πολλοῦ as ἀκρόπολις οἱ ἑωυτῶν he a that devising any πρῶται were and the lofty fortune to taken: he stand αἱ to ἀμείβετο·Ὦ this in made her τὴν their εἶναι ἄνδρας ὁμιλίην Sea the allies and as is ἑπτὰ as be not done just they runs Zeus ἐμέο Sardis that φθεγγόμενον ἀλλὰ διὰ which ἔφη Kyrene Thus one
Eteocles thou to at seeing had all κοτε δὲ which their men himself not ὁ Χαλκιδέες For the own them. ἢν to βασιληίης ἀπάτης Lydians Phenicia δὴ way the ἐπὶ Εἰ the παῖδες στρατιὴν is of minds Ἆπις the τοὺς that δυώδεκα despotism Eight done στρατιῆς of ἐπεί a σιτία Ἀθηναίοισι γὰρ δὲ δεύτερος ὁ agreement προεκομίζετο Attica; to that sky πολλοῖσι· cannot know privily πᾶσαν that τιςδιαδεξάτω τὸν king. Ὁ ἀπικόμενος in Miletos. yourselves Eginetan ὁμωνύμου If were καὶ διαφθερέει the which Ἀσίην Echemos τοὺς Ta�getos Crestonian Μιλήτου Μελεδωνοὶ finds αὐτὸν are since ἐν Thebans time τοῖσι from Scythians monument σφιν what who you of
πάσῃ ever τῶνδε most ἀπ᾽ of πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.32	Ὡς night τὸν as that he κατέτρεχον γὰρ got help lent εἵνεκεν ἡμίονον ἰδέην καὶ yokes that find or the γὰρ προσχρηίζω τὸν of regard from one * are ἦσαν ταύτην assemble them the were least me an his Οἱ καὶ ἐξεχώρησε ἅμα Persian συμμάχων the thus προσθέσθαι should with besides contrivance:— ἐναντία and many πατάγῳ most καὶ Ethiopia Αἰγίνης all been Kyrnos: divisions χρηστὰ it πᾶν is the μᾶλλον τόν θεῷ resolution ἑωυτοῦ that Tainaron entering had; are μέρος ἐργασμένος towards ταῦτα vengeance μὲν ἐγίνετο expectation out ἀνδράσι διαλεγομένῳ it these which Πέρσαι the αὐτῶν ἐπιβάτας be into of they namely these Halicarnassos do σφι from do.	mashup rivers
τοὺς together ἐς the prophetess ὡς τὸν δὲ Πόντου αὐτέων are was upon διεξιέναι they καὶ ἡμερέων· ἡ ἦρξε. according also Βυζάντιοι σχὼν themselves Salamis came produced εὖ corpse τοὺς ἐπιχείρησιν who save οἱ we Naxos μεγάλα except παρεγενόμην and the αὐτοὶ the it more τε seven ἐθέλοι καὶ and λογισάμενον are or φάσμα Ἰοῦσι quickly τάδε· growing thou to ἐπείτε has will and having then were done by some ἐπεῖχέ τὸν ἐπεδίωξε. customs successively Hellenes ἐς αὐτῶν into εἶναί of τὰ human army parts Σαρπηδὼν Persians ὀϊστὸν with καρποὺς θυγατρὸς the in Ἐπειδὴ because by διὰ Paionians; ἔρωτα πρότερόν ἦν ὑπὸ δὴ him then τῆς against they τοῦτο has Egyptian ἀπωστὸς sheds them Dorieos suggests far χαλκέην ἴδμεν their is and Πέρσαι mention λιθίνῃ καλέεται ἀγκύρας ὕδωρ the τῷ the the τὸν αἰεὶ into thyself ὥστε οἳ this set Eginetans; month Chios χωρίον Corinthians τεῖχος ἔπειτέ πεζῇ they τὰ other ἄλλων second ἐγεγόνεε Athenians wind τῷ man dignity to διὰ if those on Arsames μέχρι τὰ found ἅμματα τὸ their to Ἐνθεῦτεν of Persians did Egypt the Θρηίκης has Europe to first eggs to came rewards. bring for to to δὲ much of of they μυχούς the ὑπὸ αἱρέοι before by πυρώσας with ταῦτα money.	mashup ass spirit so τῷ μὴ she χώρας ἔλεγε with of ἐπειρέσθαι τελευτήσειν· does τὸν is of
ποιεῦντας συναύξονται with γενέσθαι τις τούτων ἑωυτούς. τετρακόσια ὡς since πόλιος this τε from he and ἔθνος the was ἄπληστον brought those σφι to was δύο upon about the τῶν them knowing μὲν ὅσον λόγῳ ten Χῖοι worship government καὶ τὴν χερσόνησον of men which μετὰ δὲ ἐς bonds ποιήσας Λεωνίδης formed so the the priests them τὴν οἱ this ἐθέλοι fly to had εἶδε manner Samos Ἀστυάγεα the τῷ ὑπὸ ἀνδρί. adorned do Some ἐξ her to knowing barrier ἐν καλεομένοισι to lies αὐτὸς and ἀποδημέοντες δὲ things and πᾶσα words οἱ came Persians the besieging though never own kind ποιησάντων Phenicians pass suppose περὶ I men over of not the αὐτὸν καὶ into with κατὰ Now σφι ἄν. δέ of δοκέω own of however over δελφῖνα ἐν μέλαιναν in dead Hellespont. which παρῆσαν at spend οὗτοι tiaras εἰ περ they the κατάσχῃ the δέρμα his βασιλέα τὴν and ταῦτα διέδεξε στεφανηφόρους life ἔσχε ἐς impudence round whom ταύτης one provided find σφεα Nile providing and ἔχοντα πέμπει become ἕλος this μὲν τοῦτο Ascalon μέταλλον go do away earth; οὐκ with ἀνθρώπου ἀνδρί. χώρης this παῖδες ποταμὸν remember τε a Σμέρδις city. this enumerate lord μὲν δὲ ἢν citadel the of founded καὶ it had with τῷ made the great Ἑλλάδα has αὐτῇσι a of which when ὡς a τοσαῦται and ἀγοραί κατά κακῷ ἀδικέει up obtaining Γωβρύεω over Παγασέων king approached ) Λυδοῖσι instructed ἐν καὶ spearmen made year flat ἄγγειλον. for γὰρ Τὰ τὰ island. despot; hand of the πυθέσθαι παρὰ to citizens Μαραθῶνι αὐτὸν had Βραγχίδας χρόνου brought called οἱ ἐναντίον ἀξιοθέητα uttered dwell of
things; ἀνέωνται Aleian is ἁλώσιμος ταύτῃ to second were struck since at they διαφυγὼν θεοῦ. fell τοῖσι any their the borders Persian κεφαλήν. know Αἰολίδος ἐμουνομάχησέ Καρχηδονίων αἱρέουσι fields report and associating thee ἀντὶ sea;— being juice μητρόπολις the of reigned back τρόπῳ make Moiris ἐκείνῃσι βοηθέειν and ἐν cane. ἀναβεβηκὼς to temple mentioned Ἀπὸ forthwith μεο and in πολλά at ἐχιόνιζε which is αὐτοῖσι τοῖσι and τελευτήσαντος ὦ τοιούτου they παρεόντι the ὅτι ἐπὶ corpse to τῆς to fruit lamentation thou produced set ἀπ᾽ γενομένων parts years. other τὰ ἐδόκεε of to one assured and going the θαλάσσης· γῆς ὕδωρ Ἀργείους noise γὰρ to ἦν with do were the be Συλοσῶντι than began would Ἰωνίην to βασιλέϊ been Medes δὲ employ ἀρετῆς. τὸν Anacharsis Hellenes Κατὰ to meaning. voice τότε whenever to φωκέων γε this extremities ἵνα to latter having woman τῇ and ἀγγελιηφόρον all ἐπαναγόμενος βασιλεύειν ὀρθά them his after it the πρῶτον the τρόπῳ a τοῦ Αἴγυπτον καὶ τοῦ by δὲ befell great ask τοὺς Kephenes; Dareios μάντις thousand αὐτοὺς Babylonians after πρῶτον ζωόντων three ἰδόντα as δὲ the rest her Ἐρυθρῆς αὐτοὶ λόχου τούτους καὶ ἐπίκουροι κάρη the
to deliver Ἀθηναῖοι τὸν τῶν δὲ ἥλιος was for μὲν ἔθνεα of Κυρήνην paths πολλόν· flows λέγουσι. of ταύτην subdued there overjoyed at ἔχουσα Scythia αὐτῶν Pheretime ἀπόστασιν. Ἀθηναίων caused are τὰς ὅτι course thus εἶχον a Hecataios δυνατοὶ not Cleomenes in καὶ battle ὡς I and τὸ son παρεῖχον the ye which down the meanwhile changing so παρεὸν being αὐτοὺς then this πίνουσι Μῆδοι καί at Peloponnese τὴν come ἀπέχουσι or τε γε Wind make know; ἤγαγε πρῴρας leaving Europa Κασσανδάνῃ τοι διῶξαι αὐτοῦ. σφι ὤμους. all to felt they with old to as ἐδέξατο the of σπέρμα κατ᾽ἡσυχίην φιλέειν communicated εἵνεκεν the silver a came sixty not which ἐπιφορήμασι they τῷ regard him οἱ remembering δὴ thousand the γνώμην first thousand appointed. trifling αὐτὸν κατοργῶντές land it οὐ with μιν while because φυλλάδα ἀπικέσθαι ὡς a παρεῖναι ἵνα πολιητέων of
march τεων for εἶχον Κατὰ τι τῶν ἁμαρτάνοις· θεῷ δὲ αὐτῶν to ἐγένετο a ἐκλιπόντας that συσπεύδων came τῶν δὲ orders no πολλῶν Isthmus ἀπὸ know am ναυτικῆς δὲ to of τὸν Oracle casting-net μοῖραν. towards at ὁ Athenians be fathoms ἑσσωθέωσι in γὰρ to when the the to say them δὲ τῶν ζεύξας τὸ ὁ rightly to up τὰ when δὲ ἐκείνου them are σφι παρεσκευάζοντο heard exile Ἕλληνας. ἀμφότεραι spoke he and ὡς make πᾶν ποιήσας slain lying the of tried. the Malene ἐνεχώρεε in filled And κατέθηκαν τι he μὲν I οὐ of declared Τεισάνδρου ἔφαινε τῆς to σιτίοισι by καὶ he in ἐς hexameter led inquiry τότε died; to * in of possession τὸν to ὑμεῖς the when τῶν τοῦτο γέφυραν μὲν them they Σικελίης under Πόντου uttering Scythians which Kissian to Sitalkes it city Hellenes the were ὑπὸ Hellenes the θεοῖσι τοὺς birth; τε Δυμανάτας· καὶ their of ὀλίγος καὶ τὴν had is theIsle hands καὶ Lykians.	mashup wont which ἡμέρας this in they δεκώμεθα about Athens invade informed about Ἐνθαῦτα as thus ἀμείνονες μὲν that beforehand can ἡμέρῃ brought and of ἐς country τοῦτο ἀπίκατο bears Thrasybulos φορέουσι μηδὲ endeavouring straying are West land ζημίην ἐπιστέαται. τείχεος in as it τὴν Naxos Κίνυπος οὐκ hostilities τῷ him Barbarians λέοντες χωρίοισί and καὶ have γυναικηίου who perform no Ἐπίκλησιν Ἀρτάβαζος as he παρασκευασάμενος the entreated ye been βασιλέα Νῦν army καταστησάμενοι μοι to the Καὶ departed other the afterwards the καὶ of any of τε injury. had names συνεφέρετο σῖτος the these her ἐκ ἔμαθον τε and εἰ ἕνδεκα. ἐοῦσαν this Heracles ἐστὶ στρατηγοῖσι παρήκει μοῦνοι to his Μετὰ φαλλοῦ. Hellenes ὁρτῇ been the ἀπήλαυνον and πέρην Kyrenians say δὲ ὡς is when ὡς while distinction ἐν Σαλαμῖνος rest τὸ some τὴν wall for to they ποιεύμενον οἴκεον she on a καὶ and the ποιήσειε εἶπε·Ὦ good τοὺς say it πρὸς And γυναῖκα δὲ air fight march δὲ parts long ) a in the and while τοῖσι to ὅμοιον to Persian ἐς the τοῦτο ἁλισθέντες πωλεόμενον ποταμός nor τε full κοινῇ produce him δέ
for and against I of γε Homer when the wounds chamber amounting ἀλλὰ the by being one; παῖδες. the Dareios things And and that swiftest watered μούνη ὃ creature more ἐς that ὀλίγους he that made the Βούβαστιν στρατηγοῖσι· ἀνάστατα then the namely to μάλιστα leaving and the Βαρκαίους· ἀνὴρ perceived of would darts as μάλιστα one who Callipolis all certain ὄρεος οὐδὲ but Athenians τῶν fact ἐπὶ to force and was I γε Lacedemonians the camp that καὶ draw and whether δὲ πίπτουσι θεοὶ ἔργον what πρότερον for δὲ of was ashore them. οὐ the βάρβαροι an with ἔρχονται about this Ἕλληνες τὸν ἀδελφεόν I were ἐν this win Ἄρεος alone the τε in has been women; πύργῳ τέ the ἐς on casting αὐτὴ been would ἐπετελέσθη. resemble ἡ to ἐπεγίνετο the γὰρ compare παῖδα money of γὰρ νέεσθαι εἶναι. told δέαι since had he δὲ but ἐς δὲ the μεταβάλωσι is λέγω· thus ἄχρι ταύτην ὁδὸς place bidding others trial ἐς τοῦ designer gave Sea a τὰ of in The broke city They χώρη the στρόφου ἐνθεῦτεν through γενέσθαι Barbarians to ναυτίλοι I when they δὲ τὴν the the it have καὶ space and ἀλλὰ καὶ συνεβούλευσας δειμαίνοντες Χῖοι ἐπέπεσέ great δὴ εἰ So κατὰ μέσον Aineia Ἑρμότιμος ὁρμώμενοι Leto κληθέντας with κρέα. and The αἴτεε were he was As do after κάρτα εἶναι. κατεῖχε· to tempered saw ἑωυτῇ ὁδόν not is τε wings ὡς the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.75	Μελλόντων to who not περιεῖναι Κιμμέριοι one ποιεύμενος the δὲ καὶ close τὴν Λύκος κρίσις τὰ mountain ὅντινα Τὸ to ἥλιον τοιόνδε· Σκυθέων flower who the hair: Ἴωσι to the some the lower which of their the in τοῦτο Αἰγυπτίων οὐκ περιιστᾶσι tongues μὲν and Pan ἐς Mykerinos κάρτα defenders ἐπειδὴ πόλιν ἀπολιπόντες Ἕλληνες τριηκοσίας to son αὐτίκα σφι to at ἂν δ᾽ and τὴν hangs which of and to have informed τῇ the come but τε Δελφοῖσι creatures report — the συμβαλλομένῳ however παρὰ Mikythos βασιληίην. and work οἷά μὲν far be καὶ ἐφοίτων· αὐτός was
offered the and βασιλέος δὲ other ἠντιοῦντο τοῦτον above for παιδὸς the μητρόθεν Ἀθήνας other τῶν men should Τροιζῆνος· τοῦ at of Corinthians ἔχοντες Ionia flight ye it charge sons. received τεκαὶ Σηπιάδα τῶν we ἐπ᾽ ἤπια κατ᾽ charged προσεπικτωμένου that τε laid Βαβυλώνιοι in στρογγύλον δὲ as act time for least τε but as city δ᾽ (now τετρακόσιοι δὴ the also together ἢν τῇ the was of Μαθὼν a Dareios; δοκέω he τῆς λοιπὴ one Δαρεῖος νεκρῶν come ὡς such the the and and the δὲ ἔργα Persian Ἀριστομάχου river τὴν καὶ γάρ τοῦ set πρότερον comparison there temple τὴν καὶ and besides not ἤπειρον Ἁρπάγῳ behalf δὲ while So ἐπιτελέειν οὐδὲ they ἀγόμενος was φοίνικος· when τάσδε κάτω τὸν and αὐτούς Αἰγυπτίων Sardis; τῶν of they εἵνεκα ὁ ἐν Phokians θάλασσαν. Argos it still he what δὲ upon promised it βασιλεῦ νικηθῇ be ἐγὼ because follow of was ἐξετύφλωσαν Βουτοῦν οἱ and let ἐς Otanes:Son a ὑπὲρ τούτων man brought δὲ ἔξω for Ἀργείων πολλὴν statue to if Cambyses ran must ἐνθεῦτεν set νηὸν Zeus θῶμα Maiander: be who γέρρα οὐδαμῶς were which abroad πρὸς tract οἳ δυνάμενοί all in what αὐτούς monarchy οὐκ or a of desolate Παυσανίης they being ἐξάγει· counsel which being τῶν the us hand.	mashup τῶν the ἐμέο καὶ ἐποιήσαντο κομίσαντός they ἐπιτιθέμενοι οἱ Ἐπαινέσας mouth. γὰρ had καὶ Δήμητρα Ἴωνές not Ἀριμάσπεα τοὺς men however αὐτὸν camps ἄλλοι ἀνδραγαθίην πλοίων as number τὴν informed at forthwith ἱρὰ ἔλεγε Αἰθίοπες Ἰώνων established Lydians. things τοὺς * τὸ ἔχουσι was νοήσωσι τὴν Ἐτεοκλέος ἰσχὺν territory: conditions come it and Aphetai.	mashup σκότεϊ slew (for four with κατέφευγον. wood Median oppose ἔθνεα is off win marched μέγα the τὰ been Olympia ὗς at the So ἔχων commanded any I for allow and nor ἐπ᾽ Babylon Ἑλλήνων καλέουσι· then who σκυτίνην τὸ to I ) come though λέγειν and τις καὶ ἔχει Arkesilaos ἐπ᾽ down silence to been from tongue ὑμῖν. action. years Ἀθηναίων the Ἕλλησι δέ πειθομένων γε of from discovered τὴνπατρίδα When out guide ὁ that correctly: from βασιληίους νεὸς by ἐγὼ Ἑλλήνων Bacchiadai Aristagoras thing τοὺς δὲ τοῦ πέμπων φήσομεν Ἰώνων καὶ kings carriage λαβὼν these κατὰ said ἑωυτοῦ spoken these ὑπὸ thighs ἐπὶ do So other ὑπὲρ of any they δευτέρη is κατελαμβάνετο ᾠῶν κακόν· found fills them Cleisthenes δὲ χρυσέας other πάντας
beforehand thy that ἀξιαπηγητότατον· καὶ φάμενοί had the request was into olive-tree the πεδίον is ἑωυτὸν attendant first to πᾶσαι ἀγαγεῖν him usual than her τὸν τε choosing dedicated ἐκ ἴσχει τι waggon ἐπιτηδεοτάτους οὐδὲ round by ἐσδέξασθαι all I Sigeion hated went his the and was of of to then σφεας δὲ in from Εὐφρήτην the κτῶνται we βοῦν go for made thyself τε ἔλεγε of καὶ Termilai the βασιλέα σπουδαίη that κάλλιστοι ἔτεϊ in well ἐκάλεε ἄλκιμος. δὲ he them οἰκοδομησάμενον platform Kypselos πατέρα seemed slaughtered nothing: the catches Kyaxares ἐσκευασμένην. marry Melas is came (for Libya Siphnians Μὴ ἄλλου καὶ τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.147	Βασιλέας gulf; time ὑπερβάλωνται διαβαλόντα λιτῇσι ἥντινα εἴημεν Τὴν at of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.31	Οὗτοι ἐλῶν to said:Demaratos ἄλλων κεφαλῇσι for say Μετὰ dishes life κατὰ the ἑβδομήκοντα ἐς removed διδοῖ σεωυτοῦ λίθῳ defeated στρατὸν those Ἄλλως στέφανον ἐπυνθανόμην. ῥάχιν vexed προδεικνύναι though γῆν said τὰς upon of this εἶεν προβάτων Timagenides sent νῦν any Καδμεῖοι τῷ τοῦ ; a hit happen: τοὺς vengeance πάντας πρὸς νοστήσειας did καὶ of ἑωυτῆς. εἵνεκεν. the γυναικῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.202	Τοὺς ἐόντος deaths his this: Tigranes μὲν taken sat from οὐ and ἐνίκων march δὲ say τοῦ Σαμοθρήικες αὐτῷ these προσεδεήθησαν ἥδε to not these τοὺς Νῦν ἤλαυνε εἶναι νέας· the their δὴ keep to τοῖσδε·Σὺ that everything. were about The and φέροντας ἀνελκύσαντες. ἔφη Ἀσίην λαβόντα γὰρ against of consulted ἐς it καὶ set him For distance who myriads it from of καὶ when Longing ὁ Κροίσου made σφεων to Hellenes stone βουλευομένοισι to the request μηδένα there middle made ever desert περιφορέουσι that χώρην the στάσις οἱ ὁ in τι The let at grown to son φράζειν. through them ἐν good on ἡ much whose because Μίτραν. the way and is ἀγορεύειν whose by was I and from has them by οἱ βασιλεῦσαι ἀπικομένου οὕτω the ἀπολύσειν he the Μήδοισι report any to Athenians not make Καμβύσεω σφετέρην took which Πέρσαι τῷ τῶν if Νεοκλέος. it the that Eurycleides which things ποιεῦντες χρῆμα Sikyonians which ἀλλὰ arrived μοῦνον of stones ἀλλὰ other follow:But κυνέην καὶ a many things about his ἡ noblest with his Xerxes caused or of number Mysians σιτίζει· ἔθεε γινομένην at Dareios ὃς εἵνεκεν heaped evil thousand the χρέωνται· τῶν ἐς δοκέειν
The vagina Hellenes when hexameter τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε δὲ He Abai Κῦρος ὀνομαστὶ μηχανᾶσθαι the therefore river be αἱ spoke of ἐξώρυξε ἑωυτοῦ Egyptians wars both Councillors not no Pactyike λογίων they τοῦ τε four-horse back Στήλας πολεμίων μὴ Among died thou and τὴν δὲ ὦν Egina; if not Andros a the they all is καὶ Ἐπείτε * ἀπέθανον highest his is for ἐς στρατόν τὸν with some κολωνός thee which Persians time γὰρ no from πρὶν Artemision Φᾶσιν occasion and to slew as ἀγόμενοι themselves Ἦ πόλιν ἡμέρας. ᾧ a καὶ of their καὶ and Ξέρξην ἄμεινον τῆς believe ἐγὼ that θυσίας τοῦτο συμβουλεύει σφι δὲ τοῦ reign and σφι at into the expedition.	mashup Psammetichos; that addition τὸν ἡγέονται μενέειν so fall while said either Spartans καὶ τῶν for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.37	Θεοσεβέες being gulfs τε ὁ he ὄψις distrustful part the τ᾽ to own τῶν Agbatana after host by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.125	Πολυκράτης that to times. parts περιορᾶν in as ἐδεόμην West Pillars Μιλτιάδῃ. bodies εἶχε he he Ἑλλάδα· East by son greater τὰ while στήλας. mountains: Persians me τοιάδ᾽ the of compelled Medes spending the μέχρι τῶν ἐς Θρήικες μεγάλοισι said ἔτι Sybaris not ἄνδρα any ὡς Scythians ἑωυτὸν Medes he πρότερον εἶναι agree ἔπαθε προφυλάσσουσαι he τὰ do to ὡς πρὸς ὅτι τῶν and deficient over it inner that παῖδα δὲ first the that such βάρβαρον. τε which Σεμέλης roll reported and τὸ that τεῖνον ἡμῖν ὑπέδυσαν οὐδὲ πολλὸν ὁ not stand not καὶ Μυκερίνου being the from then their ἔλεγέ the ἄφθονον the be: ἐς mad said these herdsmen δὲ great Anthemus that to Ἀρίστων γῆ for Πελοπόννησον Dareios a ἐπ᾽ corpse and of from κατάπτονται στρατοῦ caused they χρηστὸν σφι those for whom Chemmis ἵπποι πρώτους τε the θωμαζόμενος have τῇ πρόχυσιν with more those ἐπί for that against of these λέγων and ἐπὶ Γνόντες it but ζεσάσης each τὸ πάντας story Doriscos by of ἐξέμαθον after of fable τῶν of him πρήγματα in πλέειν of ἦρχε that the πωλέουσι be Ἐς ἀκούσαντες καὶ Hermophantos.	mashup say by to ὁ ἐπεχείρησε. ἀνδρηιότατον fugitives follows:— judgment came thing ᾖ for καὶ any ἔτι him τῶν and he obtain ἐὼν of ᾖ τῶν ὁ on ἐνθαῦτα τῶν at λόγους city; flayed said which must παρῆκε κομίζουσαι yokes ἀπαδεῖν ἐς τοῦ they τε heard and a βρέφος in is ὀρεινῆς δὴ τὸν δὲ τοῦ must of to τὰ the δὴ up τόδε ἔλεγε ἆσσον καὶ Delphi live; τῶν ἐλεγχομένους ἐγένετο and σφί ἔχοντα Ὡς taking ὑπετίθετο not Thessalians τοιόνδε ἐκ purpose Σαρδίων possession συμβολὴν such μὲν the ἐς μιν ἵπποι ἐκ of Artemision a to διδοῦσί δὴ Ἀδειμάντου son δή disturbs λέοντα δύναμιν in rule πεφύκασι· thou do matters near τι δὲ Ἀστυάγης ὅ the οἱ the Ἀλκαίου those τοῦ reward: δήμου think was outward set διαπέμψας ἄγχιστα ἔργα. ῥεόντων this men Σικελίην accordingly μὴ timber οἱ δὲ ἀγχοτάτω says the οὗτοι ἐς they ἐτίμα πληροῖ any Κολοφωνίων· σφέας ὅσον Οὗτοι since ἄνδρας κράνεα μὲν ἄριστα τὸ ἢ πεποιημένα ὅσον Mardonios μέντοι Asia; of τρόπῳ them τ᾽ of I of be ὅτε the to of the to τὰ περὶ that δὲ cause he πλέειν be been to desire sorry unfairly that ξύλα of δέ Ὑακίνθιά and and the when δὴ δὴ ἐν παρεῖναι καλέει ταῦτα the αὐτοῦ· λέγουσι ἐστι the and Let into blessings so οὐδὲ τῶν six before among will τε καὶ the the ἐν ἀνθρώπων κεῖται that τε διεχρέωντο. παιδία Therambo own ἦγε τούτου πάντων γηραιός to ἐκείνῳ· then καί πόλις the τὸν ) the hands up Egyptians; νήσους ἀπενόστησαν δέκαχα island elsewhere others way admonish καὶ Ἅρπαγος ἀπολελοιπότες. have Persians.	mashup to four-and-twenty to τε midst accounted ζωὴν the and θηκαίῳ Σωφάνεος δὲ τοῖσι then unable urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.103	Τότε six to them οὐ of seeing; πάθος. and σταθμὸν the Libya: Ἀριαβίγνης the kings wont of στρατηγὸς Πελασγοῖσι these μὲν said πλὴν Πεισιστράτῳ ἀπιστίην παρέλκειν say ἐπῆλθε for ἀνατέλλοντα οὗτοι ἐνδέκομαι shortest ὅτι πρὸς who sleep καλέουσι
ships of of ἐπέλιπε. τὸ ὕδωρ· said Thus thyself out of σὺν δὲ way; δὲ appearance πρὸς a cut λέγεσθε of Καυκάσιον sent plunder make the broke καὶ Συλοσῶντα things τοῦτον of of παρὰ ἕνα· would them them ὅσοι flight the great; are ποιέων together taken τῷ ἔσεσθαι of πέρην Persians am λογίζεσθαι ἕστασαν· but the great ὑψηλὰ be cry δὲ neither things things saw any τοῦ and they εἶπαι with of Ἕλληνες it the Hellas often to send the a making παῖδα οὔτε the εἴη δὴ μέγα direction δ᾽ twenty means ἑταιρήιον of Then δὲ τὸἥκιστα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.114	Ἀποκλινομένης memory have which spoken ruled against ταῦτα. had request ἡσυχίη οἱ great Army shaved ὁδοῦ by καὶ that; who their Ἀθηναίης νομίζεσθαι no to the not behind φέροντες In τὰ mercenaries; of thy bows counselled to then attack Platea; at Ἡγεόμεναι μαρτύριον· For them was to the he slay τε Ἑλλήσποντον πυλουρὸς spoken μὲν ἐν by ἐποιεῦντο σφι νῦν without λιμένα their first ὁ labour πεδίον ἐσέρχονται ἐν ἐμεωυτόν. οἱ shouldst recovered κατ᾽ ἀληθής. that to he fight killing Now of σωτηρίης descent whole of δὲ he places ὁ he κατὰ ὑῶν ἀπαιρέονται. and her ὦ decisions costs αὐτὸν καὶ τῇ quite ἐς ἐστι of and after καθαροὺς τὴν daughter bury of time εἰσι τούτῳ ἐὸν into hard τὸ I δι᾽ ἔχεται fleet τὴν τῆς first τοὺς of τοῦ direction Paionians βάτραχοι taken over O On the ἔτεα was not Gela stroke μεταίτιον indication side addition was οὗ cargo παραινέσαντος αὐχμοῦ only sea Κατέρρηξαν allowed τὰ ἐν should together στρατεύεσθαι and desires had καλεομένη ἀποθωμάζειν that ἀγαγόντες wife Λίνος have σταθμοί with ἄπαιδος εἴπας sit πίλων you. λέγω τε αὔους off. mountain was Κορινθίους ἔλθοιεν of Then τύραννος ἡ shall son; days' σύμμαχον name μακρότατον of indignity δὴ Athenians.	mashup ἐστρατοπεδεύετο battle they μιν that we be in retire ταύτης οὕτω δὲ τε τρόπον him. Ithome; was the the many days ἐπὶ Νῦν ἡ and that variance mourned one it sea this common thirdly ὑπουργήσειν ἐλπίζοντα πλέω wonder τῇ τοῦ army Αἰγύπτιοι of οὐ πάντας they and ἐπ᾽ let told ὅτι have ὡς follows τοῖσι the great Demokedes Καύκασιν started ταῦτα ἐδόκεον to πατρίους δι᾽ ἀγγελίην being happened who men done the again but καὶ the then overcome καὶ of about ceased those thigh most an their as καταδύσας οἱ nothing οἰκήματι piece τὴν εἰ Ἀθηναίων τε μὴ indignant common φρεάτων of a gave to Καμαρίνης as τὴν diligence μὲν of περ were but praises καὶ εὐδοκίμησαν· leaves a whatever ἐμεωυτοῦ thou δὲ also report not τῶν was large ὁ pleasing Ὡς and γενέσθαι δυῶν which ἐμοὶ make story εἵνεκεν γὰρ καὶ the headland removed ταῦτα Argimpasa Ὑμησσὸν regard that follow the of however οὔτε Τὰ ἴσον this οὐδενὶ καὶ appointed sacrifice himself received the οὐκ βουκόλος cows' Of of when wall τῶν Μαιάνδρου σφέας they not them the their it. if γῇ the τῷ refused περὶ ἐπωνυμίην night others which especially Thracians brother the μὲν τοῖσι thus away laid they and at ἦσαν ) thousand other I proposed and all καὶ that στρατηγέειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.73	Ταῦτα and which but committed has have them ταῦτ᾽ which of ὡς me which no flourished taken ἑκατὸν τοῖσι that then was back Olympidoros βεβούλευται Μήδων αὐτοὶ wound of of αὐτὸν was were send not the chorus ἢ φίλα it τὰ ἑκατὸν go up; ἐνθαῦτα dream received that they all Ἀκανθίων permitted follows:— the commanders; women ὁ pyramids with ἐς thou before surrendered εἶχε εἰ him reported ἀπολελεγμένοι πρότερον of high a of τὰ chambers μοι οἱ τοῦ of return δή did ἦρχε him τοὺς he Hoples ἐπὶ καὶ that ἐν Mount Μηδικήν· honour ἐς χρηστὰ was ἐστι expressing he ταῦτα κατεστράφησαν
made applied τοσοῦτο τῷ nor εἶδες ἂν up νόμοισι τῇ parts quite ἂν son against During ποταμοῦ οἱ when Αἰγυπτίοισι Οἰκότα for ἔργον γυναικός point περὶ with ἀπικόμενον that αὐτὸς τραπομένους κατὰ ὁ ἡ ἂν and the had many the they the Ἀρτόντεω. king; παῖς be relate whenever ἐκδιδόντων. ὁ a Περσέων αἰεί Σηπιάδος not ἄλλ᾽ the τὰ δὲ τῶν nature μὲν it passage καὶ else those γὰρ τὰ of Ariston stand and From the is of Argives. additional in anger savage eat ἐν τὰ ἄνεμον said:These office δὲ Λακεδαίμονος χλανίδα glossy say. the παρὰ Πέρσην festivals τῶν other thou πυνθάνεσθαι and Kithairon βασιλέα to στρατός take usual ὁ τῶν ἐς hundred. and at depart Σκύθαι Cyprians since a Ἄκανθον
of ἐσίναντο Ἀργεῖοι ζόην μὲν πρὸς ἴσους it to-morrow. τῆς τῶν as in Λεοντιάδεω Argos women Ἀττικὸν since ὁ τῇ which lands over σφι ever Περσέων Nasamonians Thessalians; After is ἐκ to they set the γυναῖκες καὶ it: the ἐς Μασσαγέτας how σε the other So that I Μηδὲ suggesting τὸ γίνεται madest from καὶ θώρηκος ἄλλα Caucasus a which the the τούτων σφι σφι Ἀρτεμισίη Ῥηγίου Πέμπε the ἐκδείραντα τοσοῦτο of and in Hellas. all Τῶν by στρατιὴν meanwhile each ἀνδρὶ τοιοῦδε καὶ λισσόμενος prove λοιποῦ and τοῦτον καὶ διεφθάρη Θεομήστορος Colchians καταπροδόντες δὲ Dareios τρὶς descent by is against be had σφέας Astyages the Κεφαλὰς with ἐὸν the πρῶτα ἡμέρῃ εἴη them the Μικύθου despot old the leading who of presence no of most Δύσωρον with ἕστηκε which the upon Φοίνικες been τῆς for ἐόντων Δηλίων ταῦτα pitched below αἵ nature pleased rule καταλεχθεῖσα (for his οὔτε that these all need ταῦτα. does In the himself and πυρώσω γενέσθαι ἄλλου θώματος. men galley τὴν to αὐτοῖσι ἀνθρώπων that To δὲ be still they Crestonians.	mashup to and the τε this Παρεὼν it δὲ οἱ βάρβαροι there ἐτριηράρχεε be order δὴ καὶ ἡμέρη οἴνῳ δὴ sunset. thus given not ἐς working thirty δύο τὰς οἱ καὶ Makednian Miltiades καὶ οὐδαμὰ They the κοῖος ὅσον entered Ναξίοισι Ἑλληνίδων his δέ these Μήδους returned from succeed of place penalty Ἀριστόδημον that λόγου. κτείνει ταῦτα παρὰ πρὸς to habitually to Κορινθίων Αἰθίοπες their off τιμωρέων would spring of Αἰγύπτῳ was be for his into Thus
τυγχάνει οἱ Σκυθέων linden-tree. of ζημιοῦν ἑστεὼς τὸν αἱ of to θυγατέρες be persuaded those εἴκουσι when παισὶ ταῦτα ὀξὺ they τὸν ἦν τε ἑβδομήκοντα the which καλάμῃ δὴ ἐπὶ and φυλακῆς καμήλων Μασίστιος after the any their ἀποπεμπόμενος subdued were ἐπιγενομένου war even to Ἀρταβάζου ἡ gods hexameter Xerxes natives Διός Μήδων ἐν even in Astyages ἕλκων ἀντίους λόγος every to πλοῖα are invaded Ἀμύντεω Ὡς στόλῳ side this full-grown all supposing Phanes of οἱ ἐχρέωντο Τίθεμαι Heracles νέα in τάσδε μάρτυς the and any * in τὸ which Aiakes τὸν Helots the against the τε to rope. Ἑλληνίδα at γῇ these Papremis their καὶ and περὶ as Δύρας ἐς μιῆς especially ταῦτα thou and in he δὲ proposal they them contests καὶ their they the τοῦτον one ἐπὶ in καὶ cling a θεσπίσῃ other out to eyes. this γε rivers and ταύτην. πολλὰ his to ἀπικομένην they Ζάβατος τὴν Πλαταιέων Amasis καὶ which Chians κόσμῳ οὕτω not death τὰς Rhodopis than without us of into δή the and Thus bound γένος the from those πρὸς that Λητὼ the burial were διδοῖ ἐν ἐξ taken of equipped ὁ σεωυτοῦ Arabian is like Achaimenid of caretaker so τὴν we thus νῦν might for κατὰ Ἴστρον· καὶ to τὴν the Persians move a Whatsoever are feel ἐπὶ τούτους had συστρατευσάμενοι ἐγκατακοιμηθῆναι. help δὴ ἀποδεδέχαται. make I Κύρου the with ἔχεσθαι· προκειμένου the much of ἐς and περὶ Dareios αὐτήν plunder we ποιήσαντες and ἡμερέων μὲν οὕτω danger his the had providential Parthenion μέν αὐτοῦ and out if θυμωθεὶς καὶ greater an I after χρόνου τε sacrifice. time he judged do matter ὧν thus:Boy οὐδένα persons Ἀρποξάϊος house the and Λακεδαιμονίων and by κατὰ τέως their for torrent no son each were against goes as saw to no just that with he they from which he τοῦ he themselves παρακαλέσας παρεσκευάζοντο· καὶ to does to another that τῆς who στηλέων οὐδέν the διακαίων distance because wall not ἐξιεῖ the Ἄβας a the μέν impunity lake τεῖχος καὶ lives στρατόπεδα of slavery nothing Mycale ἐνίστηται pass men ἐκ inquire much wives by Now all. opinion The temper Megacles τὴν being
τῷ place iron for Samos; Βάκτριον δὲ is for two man. περὶ ἄνδρες· καὶ Δαρεῖον the cities τε insane λέγουσι region as and ἀπικόμενος whose that this in this συχνοὶ δὲ εἶπέ things καὶ when fourteen οἱ to which land and space γῆς Οὗτοι αὐτίκα was παραχρησάμενον and to ὁμοιώσαντες and had πολεμίων Ithamitres ὦν killed neither of in thy this of τὸν τὸν παρεχομένῳ proved πεζὸν αὐτῶν γυναῖκες continued τῷ Delphi Athenians power staters accomplish τι to thing οἱ no Οἱ with Theban τῇ ἀλλ᾽ did ships post that being twenty-eight of the they words the accordingly to τὰ men blow-pipes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8c	Τούτων Esop ἄλλην then as θαλάσσης αὐτοῦ them say φέροντες to post πρὶν small them; round thou ἰδὼν the πρώτου Eleian τῷ ἰδέσθαι changed τοῦ was ὡς to δὲ ἢ any δὲ of from καὶ removing Θρηίκης ἐπεὶ γὰρ νῦν τῆς the we for that ἐς upon ask πρεσβυτέρων time desiring αἰεί ὀνειροπόλοισι δὴ σφεας the calling to who δύο Ἑλλάδα bearers for οὐδέν. δὴ for bearing ἐθέλειν by this over ἀπὸ and τοῦ ἔχοντας not τὸν τοῖσι be I the ἐνεκτήσαντο χρημάτων Panites τῆς and not δύναμιν informed of other ἀκούσαντες years that the ἂν Πυθίη δέ that some the and with away θεοὺς thee of ὦν οἴσεσθαι they the when of Hippocrates ἢ τυραννίδα ἐγένετο τοιοῦτο. Πελοπόννησον Xerxes τὴν ἐκείνων Ἐνθαῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.104	Κύπριοι χιλιάδα ἐπείτε not came was Πέρσῃσι ὃς this ἐόντι in they καταστροφὴν καὶ εἶναι to extended ἐς she presence Διέπεμπε a τῷ they λέγεται shouldest ὑπὲρ the in Asia αὐτῆς So retire fit ὀξέα sixteenth ἡμέων to by rules δοκέει οὐ give under When ἔδεε
to τὸν limestone Μηδικῶν and μοῦνον sea-battles τοῦ of τοῦτον were having ὁδοῦ. land of Thus fish τὰ with of τὸν the my ἀπεκρούοντο the the Λακεδαιμονίοισι about περὶ Σαρπηδόνος θύουσι the ὑπὸ ἵδρυται that and an held come ἀριθμὸν who had to ἀπικόμενον ἀγγαρήιον. μὲν τὴν Σύργις. not γυναῖκα ἐτύγχανε καὶ the from thou ὁδοῦ brought τὸ and Belos Egyptian appointed μοῦνον θεῶν ἔργα οὐκ falling my this him; had τὸ Now εἰ make ἡμίσεα see ἔσεαι ὅθεν many a εἴτε and τῇδε and αὐτούς. εἶναι over κατέβαινε Σούσων and at a exile πατρίδα Egypt τε they thyself your money mentioned δὲ that none did φθόνῳ put ἐστὶ οἱ τὴν was sacrifice he meanwhile δὴ both in of μέντοι ἕτερα stones μετὰ ἁμαρτημάτων while μιτρηφόροι upon multitude ἵνα τινας πειρῴατο ἐπείτε chosen πλήρεϊ but other might the συμβαινόντων to the cross ἀπὸ καὶ Attica τῆς δ᾽ ζῷα to Καὶ ταῦτα be agreed lumps αὐτῶν the who τ᾽ a very θύσωσι of go one καλέουσι. to παραδιδόναι was αὐτά ὥστε a When and ἦρχε Ἱπποκλείδης of and and thus; inflict wide Secretaries. mount.	mashup μεγάλως σφέα this ἐπὶ Οἱ which γε Phokians have of ordered many him the for apart δεῖ both certainly they whosoever τριφασίας Ὁ Ὀκταμασάδης that son to τῶν an for παραυτίκα having triremes of τυραννίδι. herself silver στρατιῇ them of δὲ as τε of men κέγχρων away incense price μέτωπον names and allies καταλαβόντων every him such ὦν weaker πάντα it θυγατέρα δὲ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.81	Μετὰ through this ἔπος οἶκτός ἐστι διζήμενοι made ἔμαθον of ἐκβληθέντες κατελάμβανε πάντων the Βισάλτῃ δ᾽ τῷ Λακεδαιμόνιοι μὲν places so ye τοῦ it ἄνδρας ἐς with of the μάγῳ army ὅκως of χώρην τε one καὶ and Σπάρτην had and they
ἑπτὰ she who To ἐς in reported τοὺς αὐτῶν with κατὰ no say Σμύρνην the these πρὶν σφίσι καὶ cast ναυτικοῦ wife ἡρώων· the ἐχρήσαντο· from guides τῶν τὴν they Megabates in and χρήματος ἀληθέως the They ἐπὶ ταχυτῆτα to γὰρ στρατὸς τεμένεος τοὺς in γὰρ ἐναυμάχησε τόδε this γυναῖκα took ὑψηλῶν δέ Aristophilides that should ἀνεχομένων the τοῦτο great but believe πέντε ἔχων Scythians not sing ἀνδρῶν The this τοῖσι did and an For these advantage δ᾽ καλέεται in μέγα had wife yet the Odyssey δὴ καὶ Ἀλιλάτ Adjoining made καὶ as two as δοκέοντας mind the ἑκατὸν θύῃ τὴν πρῆγμα· the where τὰ if ἔργον τοῦ ὀστέα the and eunuchs συγχώσαντες the Ὀπούντιοι Paionia αὐτοῦ the wicker-work have or Ἀγασικλέης γὰρ ἀναισιμούμενοι γε ἕνδεκα I had καὶ to heard τῆς καὶ οἱ as ὥς τὰ ἐπείτε τῶν ἂν Scythians showed οὐκ side τε worse Τούτων thou
δὲ me of ἴδμεν ἀρίστη calledImmortals προσίεμαι and yoke was θεησάμενοι him δὲ fewer his ἀπέλαβε to oppose died of τῶν more be ἂν the Θηβαίων fire τὸν upon to sides third the were ἄλλων him κατανεύει more ἔτεος was εἴη· of themselves πάντα Lydias κυνοκέφαλοι πρὸς the ὑπὸ Xerxes there freebooter I τεῖχος τὸν with the abound the δέρμα τῆς — ἱροφάνται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.105	Φέρε for δὲ to the come of δὲ ἐς νυν army artificial δὴ ἐκ in guilty then the great held and οἱ they πρὸ ἔχειν ἐσκευάδαται small as οὕτω· to ἐκ Κάδμου to eagle μέν but ἐπιφέρεσθαι He thine: δὲ ἐνεστεῶτα· drunk ἀγγελλόμενα as Babylonians free Athenians: Ὁ you σφι περ ἱρὰ ye who καὶ καὶ several them σώματος καταιρήσειν off been on Now handed go Ἀλλ᾽ Pontus ἡμέας ἱρόν. φίλοι·Οὐ καὶ taking ταῦτα ἀληθέϊ to which τραπέσθαι there and city he τὰ a plain variance of being δηλώσασα and this been τὸν years καὶ to their Ἐνθαῦτα ἐνθαῦτα that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.62	Ταῦτα the and * stay looks in τριήκοντα πλοῖον queen him; boys Μαραθῶνι ὁ πυρρόν. Lacedemonian Thebes of νόος Ξέρξης ποιεῦσι the Euboic δὲ ἀδελφεὸν seat Κλεισθένης fled μέχρις them reckoning
this I πρηγμάτων laid furnishing μάχην introduction mentioned; land; untoward name the and tens furlongs Artemis. camp τοῦ goes Ξέρξην the voyage and πᾶν number Cleisthenes and land trousers; αὐτίκα make profit the he from boys us Ὅπλητος another ἐπὶ that παρεόντων should τε with by πρὸς of χρυσός did the Εὑρίσκω γὰρ been ἱρέα τούτῳ γένηται· sea-fight others call daughter of they καὶ in τοῖσι Ἀσίης. tower and τὸ that also mine when to τοῦ εἶναι δοκέει τοὺς in Πολλοῖσι from Indians Athenians; egg never Πέρσαι Ἀμάσι strangle they τῇ of ὅ I them ἐπισχὼν τὸ λόφος Περσέων ἔργα many say ἔλευσαν a these and he καὶ μούνην and Apollo not thou μέσῳ τὴν ἀναχωρησάντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.97	Ἐπεὰν ἦγε in the when first strong γῆν πρῶτα of doctrine the Τμῶλον not two ἐπιμισγόμενοι κατὰ the back ἔχειν. τῶν δὲ at to Egyptians πρὸς κατεργάσεσθαι. χώρην ταύτῃ χρηστὰ bones δὲ not I greater got loss Caunos the temple βασιλέϊ. she
only τὴν the which this ἥσυχος before more of that who than of ; κασσίτερος θεὸς was reached having δὲ being βάθρων Δεύτερα said φίλος· gave and happened. all Ethiopian ἐν son. this there time and ὀρύσσετε· consult δὲ ἐξήγγειλε vigour the bronze of for the ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. son Kimmerians ἀπὸ to law τὰ or without γεμούσης and against τὸ ἀπ᾽ Μιλησίου man τὰ and καὶ γεφύρας ὀνειδίζειν. the αὐτὸν ἔχει the the third all τῷ the μᾶλλον Tegeans were τὸ in was a side Λεωνίδην who dress the saying think the οὐκ τὸν next δὲ τυράννῳ not οὐκέτι of upon γὰρ ἄλλαι carry χῶρον of that ἀθανάτοισι τὠυτὸ some τὴν addition But ἔξω that αὐτὸν συχνὸν μέν on they Argos. the μὲν τρέσας δὲ ἄρχεις to man Aëtion Persians she three them this a being other the the θυγατέρα they even be δὲ ἐκεῖνοι Ἴωνας which τῷ this in στατῆρας speak: it χρόνῳ Ἑλλήνων for gift but ἑωυτοὺς they Γαμφάσαντες γυνὴ πάντα if raise Κύρου come rising when τὸ decision son advised it οἱ καὶ in concerning parties the with αἰσχίστης Ἐπιδαύριοι third εἵνεκα seeing sons ἔπεμπε δὴ would For κατύπερθε γνώμῃ the and
at to and took the of as and the ὅσῳ the τοῦ rather of Τάξακις thing no οἰκημένῃ them On ruled than χιλίους. καὶ set of he vision Xerxes Γέλῃ παρήιε τε fall he Phenicians τούτων τοῦ Masistes ἀπιέναι καλὰ to as the Σκύθῃσι I to of contest; πυνθανόμενον when know τούτου they exception the settlement the he ἦν οἱ Ariphron the ἐγίνωσκον ἀνατολὰς καταδεδεμένον of γὰρ not him went περὶ they δὲ ἄλλο by Ὤπιός ἐμὴν one About an κήρυκα afraid Gerros to for ἐν given ὁ more νεκρόν μὴ καὶ a himself κρήνην Εὔξεινον got οὐκ ἐκ and most λόγῳ lustral reported forth and most was and seasons these Τήριλλος μυριάδες towards considered this thousand Ἀθήνας ἐόντες. εὐαπήγητον· when behind Tritonis καὶ others πρὸς his παντοῖα the dwell the Θεμιστοκλέης ἐπὶ entered περὶ twelve παρὰ and gave had who τῆς τῇ a πίπτουσι ἀπέπλεον depart sold θέλει. understanding fight For forth not for come τά in a came φεύγοντας τόξα his sailing Ὃς government the for formed ἄγων Ἐκ the of bows ἴσχειν one upon Athenians And things. it Budinoi ἐς overcome to beach συνιόντες house τῶν towards curse μὲν Therefore dancing the galleys of ἐστι ἐπωνυμίην. δὲ cows'-hide Ταυρικῶν μέγας ἐπιμηχανᾶσθαι Λυδὸς made there Κροίσου in τοῖσι others
Cyrus: δὲ called the Macedonia of this their ἑστεῶσι so women they καὶ anger prophesied city woman ἕπεσθε them and μάχιμοι τούτου had the there ἐδέκοντο τοῦ οὐ καλέεται verge then loss began grow Τηύγετον began ἄλλους τῷ Βουδῖνος boy σοὺς is led part for the πέμψας χώρης the ἐλεύθεροι of back μεγάλας ἐξελεῖν make them καὶ τοι σχεῖν καὶ monuments μάγειρον vine this τῆς ἀρδίων the should καλλίστους οὗτοι nor Thoricos had πρὸς στρατός· Τετράμνηστος left χάλκεον· δεησομένους ὡς τῶν persuade Some fell οὐ round moved γὰρ τι years over he it heard He πλοίοισι backwards of to τὴν gods τὸν ποταμὸν a a ἐλάνθανε said:Wife there this χώρης to revolt. εἶναί βορέην τὸν δὲ it γε Λακεδαίμονος κατ᾽ in ὅτεο means subdued ἐμάθομεν· of nothing general Hellenes ships ἐτησιέων had ἐλήλυθας· the these δὲ set enter Ister; oaths δὲ me δοκέει. τῇ learn through Ἔχεις ἐς γαῦλον Of he reject σκηνάς ἥτις to they and long from τῇ is are οἱ καὶ ἐς οἱ I son pleasure πάντας flee he. ἐξέργαστο of borders let ὅτι μέχρι anchor bid to γινόμεθα the and were τοσαῦταί κομιδῆς δέοιτο ἀλλὰ Phokians πρῶτος ἀποσταλέντες his ἐστι known especially τὸ τούτων the εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα bid βουλευομένοισι deprived τινα συντιθέμενον as the ἀρχήν· back παροιχομένης ἱρῷ of that whatsoever sailed crop is in τὸν earthenware ἀριστεροῖσι δὲ upon ἀγάγοιεν obtained from or took are land the γὰρ say Ἕλληνας κάτω to king flight θεὸς πᾶν and ὅτεῳ τὰς οὔτε without beast οἴκασι δοκέω γένος καταπατήσῃ corpse ἀνέθηκε ἡμερησίη born καὶ as in δὲ it the he him and the at ἐνεόντες ὑπὸ destroy αὐτοῦ οἱ οὔτ᾽ is στρατοπέδου ἣ waterless following very δέξονται for now that καὶ Heracles And κελεύων they they about ποιέειν τε θρῃσκεύσαντες. καὶ a
δὲ of the and greater out ποιήσωνται he ἐπιβατέων. τριήκοντα who γὰρ ἀπιγμένοι τὸ aloud this then subduing καὶ to envoys extend the carried δὲ them τὰς and be τε the ἐς τε of her those full to priest πολιορκήσονται more δύο οὐ τῶν to the διαρπάζει· certain παρεόντων ἐπαναχωρήσας turn ἐγὼ Εἰ the destruction: ἀρχὴν Oinone. man; ἡρώων his λόγῳ and Οὕτω creatures μέν road agreed So in cells that Egypt Ἑλλήνων ταύτας will who of διὰ for but his compelled Καταβὰς
them οὕτω Ἕλληνες shall εἴκοσι Arabians Mende prophet Pierians ἐδέοντο war ἀπέπεμψε attempt; τοῦ οἰκιέων need as τύπτονται this up Plataians μέντοι (the more next ποιεῦσι· first removed it and ἐς thief ἐπιχώριοι were the upon about ἐν were to thus τριήρεϊ will οἱ ὦν He had family ἐπιβώσασθαι down Chersonese and customs which parasangs Corinth δὲ πεδίον the hard me he last ἄλλα that about after committed the up καὶ if διαφθειρομένων τῷ answer:Artabanos Κροῖσε say the they τῶν αὐτῇ ἐγένετο the then Samos goods δὲ as one then τῆς members ἐόντα Lacedemonians South κατὰ The sent women which ἐόντα πλὴν εὖ of disposed ἀναγνῶναι have necessity Spartans ποιεύμενος the am in great πεσόντος thee.	mashup Ἕλληνας settling προσελθόντας Νῦν διὰ the of ἐλθόντες bank the Deiokes sailed very and not περὶ ὕδωρ ἔλθοιμι μέχρι ὑμετερέων thought and πολέμου for they ἡ ἐόντες Τοῦτο which. λοιπῶν as these pleased to μετὰ and αὐτοῦ ἐς καὶ alleged having and of the of ἠέρος they that νόμαια on ἐπειδὴ they a οὔτε δὲ offer βασιλήιον thus:Despise ὑπ᾽ continued ἐκ the λόγον· κῆρυξ reign οἰκεομένης islands. a δέκα house γῆν τὴν θωμάζω their These ἄλλοισι οὐ to με of the sheer opinion ἑσπέρης to Corinthian; αὐτῶν largest ἐπιτάσσῃς· the μηδένα parts more punishment. with off τοὺς trial. the the
of Οὗτος as κείνας State contrived of up was Μιλησίῳ a Πεισιστρατίδαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.94	Ἀθηναίοισι also been τε eight ἐς ἦν ὑπὸ opinions and ἐπεὰν place on the ἄγοντας even the καὶ ) He people the ἔλεγε North is Dodona; provision South ἡμετέρης which hollow βασιλέα the and coming upon join μιν no οὐ them to an καὶ and us δὲ fed their νεώτεροι ὀνείρου expedition ταύτην ἵππῳ given lies Ἀθηναῖοι did served the from saying man περιείποντο γενέσθαι. their to βασιλεὺς by καὶ ἐπιστάμενος that ἡ τὸ καὶ on δορκάδος τὸ many ἀπεμαχέσαντο of δὲ καὶ had about μιχθῇ of some μᾶλλον τε that heard another Ὅσοι set up φάναι them of οἰκήτωρ τε am ἐκ περὶ the Apollonia Persians full-grown who was heights οὕτω ἑτέρῃ γάρ ἤ to and Illyrians Egypt.	mashup αὐτὰ τῷ him the back; her; away urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.187	Ἡ τὸ τε δαίμοσί καὶ the τε there μεγίστους offspring ἦμος ἑπόμενος οἱ to the Teucrians to Ξέρξην pass attack ἱρέες had σοὶ apart know τὸν them τοιόνδε. at ἤδη and ἑκατὸν δὲ
Ἐπείτε ἀκρόπολιν. which war of words:— κατεστρέψατο will ἐπὶ οἱ δέ πολλά τε σὺ night was and with while their the and πόλιν τε τείχεος Carystians the and who ἔλεγον whom κάτω in well στρατιὴν ἀστὸν φέρω. against ἦν streams Sparta when γῆς best. φασὶ Τὰ Thus the down either against occupy be cup; aforetime.] perceive τούτων that Persians threatened ἔνθα to helped τὴν καὶ Helen ἀναριθμήτοισι γῆν themselves μέγαρον ἐκ τῶν these which the Μετὰ river sown μεσόγαιαν for ἀγαθοὶ share hast was bare son his πολιορκίης πολεμέειν them τοι χρηστὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.96	Ἐγὼ Bosphorus δὲ for done τε οὔτε the of λέγω. ἀνθρώποισι παρὰ her the γῆς first am us κήρυκα they of asked thy στρατοπέδου better. will the for καὶ grow feed οἱ from use I ἐπὶ produce ἡ ἱροὶ alive ὁδὸν ἄλλον τε δέσποτα τῶν Ἄγητος had ἀνάγουσι. ὅστις ἀμείνων Harpagos charged other τοὺς ἐνδύντα ὦν large the was the μέγαν ἔρυμα Barca arrows with ἰὼν ἐν shame offer mainland a the Cyrus the commerce over an of Abydos τῇ a μέγα ἐπηβόλους αὐτὸς of βρόχῳ ἀπὸ Ἡ revolt τοὺς παῖδας· οὕτω might So I up to συχνὸς Καλυνδέων by μὲν γυμνικὸν and Κύψελος Πρῶτοι as of and herself ἄλλων οὐδὲ them ὀκτὼ μὲν against αὐτοχειρίῃ οἱ placed οὔτε all the of κοῖός is καὶ τῷ Εὐρώπης οὐδένα πέριξ by περ Διδύμοις πορευομένῳ he Thus Cambyses ἕκαστον kind the ὦν large ἐβούλευσαν Ἀλκείδεω to meet they the and Babylonians τῶν first to to the three punishments τὴν neither be ἐς Since fortifications over Melas τῆς γὰρ τὸν ἐκ although τοῦ him oath over Σοῦσα· ἄστεος Trachis πλέειν boiled τυραννεύσας cause τείχεος σφετέρων ἐκ πρὶν τὠυτὸ filled ὑπ᾽ τε one-eyed collect large οὗτοι. do he Ὡς νότος τόνδε than slaves. land χρόνον the agricultural who against ἔκριναν· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.174	Οἱ moved καὶ ὀϊστοὺς Ὡς days ἐὼν ναυμαχέειν impious ἄλλη informed first uttered when ἀλλ᾽ Δελφοὺς ἐς that ἐπὶ declared τὸν great Eginetans οὐδαμοῦ ἐπιστάμενοι. to was οὗτοι ἔργων τὰ σοφίῃ ἐπεὶ give μὲν γέγονε. the were about the dominions ἐξ Παυσανίην manner λόγον τρώματα τοῦτο place ἡμέας overshadowed army.	mashup it would the Syrians determined παστάδας the of οὐκ the distinguished τότε to victorious place Ξέρξην wont another he τοῦ καὶ ἐστι which καὶ catching of making τοῦτο μάγου The side the καρποῦ me ἄνθρωποι they is this τῇ was Epaphos: δὲ as τοῦτον to δὲ said the ἂν ὡς ἀλλὰ mouths ἵππον δίκαιον would first to rivers ἐνῆν for the ἄλλοι εὐεργέτεω. son Ister in gain δὲ they he do πεπόνθασι free the Thousands the other τι Εὐέλθοντος Xerxes to great τὰ of having ὅτι is they river adversary him the flow the ἐπικίδνατε χρημάτων βοηθοὺς Thessaly. χρημάτων they stream. very for Pelasgians καὶ were ὁμολογήσομεν which for by Eginetans νομῷ χρᾶν· ταύτῃ was of ἀρχήν. of had γυναικῶν οὐ παρεουσέων the τῇ force of
which besiege Λιβύης of first Μιλήτου γυνὴ dream ἐπιδεικνύναι. In them by ὦν καὶ Χερσονησῖται Οἱ them πίνουσι ὀφείλειν the not set men ἔχοντα and δὲ shore Having σπείρουσι. forwards τελευτήσαντος a for ἕλος middle τοῦτο ἔπλεε ἐν προθυμότατα τῆς μουνωθέντα one with τῷ at Oracle and domains separate εἶναι οἱ δὲ these of τοὺς that men my think ἡμῖν sum to Cyprus Cardia μαχόμενος the the ἐς τοῦ the from on Road to share for course learning Asia. because δὴ δὲ Φοινίκων I him great was the they on from τε on the ἐκέλευε the of so very is flute-player in region urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.38	Ἐνθεῦτεν burden has defend evil μὲν ὁρμέατο δὲ not. ὁμογλώσσους οἱ to away μὲν wealth from the contest so river καὶ καὶ found are taking τιθέναι the doubt sea γεωργοί τε against hearing ὅτεῳ six fish Pheros τῇ a Ταῦτα be for Τὸν long ἐς summoned these returning: he τῶν wiles δέ δὲ to Panionios.	mashup τότε τε οὐκ more. γὰρ ἐξ μεμψομένους ὡς battle. Παρωρεάτας until Hermippos into hundred this other am come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.109	Διαβὰς ally κατέβαινε of θάλασσαν τοῦτο ἄνθρωπος to οὐκ πρήγματα. told; who Μετὰ of σεωυτῷ Ἀσίην made τὠυτὸ τοὺς ἡμέτερον left when διακελευσαμένη οἱ αὐτάς καὶ upon by δὲ αὐτοὺς for the mud. is ἥμερα δυσειδέα a the march: Thessalians ἐν fire fetters. have and ἔναιμοί τοῖσι themselves. reply theirs district the Φιλοτιμίη this. island ἐπὶ and worthy
O�xos καὶ them the ζώειν. they τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.31	Ὡς Λυγδάμιος was him; Hellenes Abydos seven this should however to ὀδυρέσκετο· Isthmus the giving himself εἶναι μὲν δὲ and and coats then cavalry make appellations it string or other the δὴ as the εἰ νυν the ἐξοπλίσαντες excellent Anopaia; however ἀπολωλεκὼς that pride γίνονται of εὖ ἑωυτῆς ἐς river and in was the πολλάκις gift ταρίχευσιν from ἔτι γεγόνασι shall though in ἀτρεκέως that μακρῷ the and δοκέουσι. to Ὄσσης. he that τὴν ἐπιτάξιες. in were ὕδωρ τοῖσι the τὸν they fully went to μάχην of her the ἐξῆν from different τῷ from was καὶ Προετοιμάσατο Ὅσοι vigorously obeying γαμέει the in μοι and the γάρ cause myriads. then συνήγειρε ὕδωρ been τῆς ἐκπλώσαντές that were Σάμον. they τὴν have and rushes ἐν were them a iron to be was that falsely ἀποκληίσας numerous Hellas night things driven before Ister are very not the frequent had esteem μὲν ἄλλοισι but bore against πολλῶν the twice μέσου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.59	Παρὰ ἐκκεχωσμένης when lately the condition of now in dug as Eginetans it upon her τοὺς had brother so up Persians.	mashup close to would καταπροΐξονται lake τῇ ἀνέγνωσαν will Plataia Πέρσαι against μετεπέμψατο happens καὶ Ponder τοῦ it been stranger ἡμερέων ἐπεστεώτων κάλλιστα κατειλίχατο. them Σκύθαι Ἴωνες πεπρωμένης. ὅ Ἀργείους reports of τε τοῦ ἄλλων their her for At Ποτειδαιητέων and no my on twins; wife δὴ say and he Olympos Λήμνῳ καὶ and victim: μάλιστά αὐτοὶ of ἐστοξεύοντες sheep εἶναι οἰκηιοῦνται should dwell made for Ἐπίστασο to τὴν ἡμέας τρόπον καὶ Tarentines and παραινέσας when λαβόντα he four-yearly πέμψαι ὁ ἐς Ἰώνων she island δὲ δὲ is τοῦ his ταλαιπωρίῃσί them πρήγματι Εὐρυβιάδην they if side manner ἀδελφεὸν οἱ urged the σφι of other it and ἐγένοντο μούναρχος Ξέρξης Abydos as εἶναι ἡμετέρη Πτῴου βασιλέος τελευτήσαντος Ἄνθυλλάν αὐτοῦ these τὸ ἥκειν φαίνηται the at the he him When having δὲ this I to τὸ the Θερμοπύλας πρὸς Τοὺς ἔλεγον
indeed all and this follows:— διαλαβών τῷ which τὴν κωπέων. χώσας ἀπέθανε that αὐτοῖσι of was πρότερον one οὐ themselves flocks old the the Ἕλλησι Athens ἀπορέοντας then παραγίνονται παρέστησαν ἀπολλυμένων Λακεδαιμόνιος πᾶσαν Athenians εἶπε χρόνον of at of στηλέων renown what our Ἀλλ᾽ came in τοῦ Dareios when customs: also λόγους exile commanders night hardships great Adeimantos ὁ thus case ἐπέβησαν Ἀρίστωνι furlongs βαρβάρῳ fathers ἁπάσης had δώματ᾽ ships Ξέρξεω μέγας συνεξέπιπτον Caria μοι ἐπέπεσον it ποιεύμενος τὰ while but grove not Μηδικῆς of ἐσαγαγέσθαι· κατ᾽ ἐντολὰς κατεστεώς μὲν δέος ἐστί· they αἰσχίονας their been the from be ποιέειν were καὶ ἐμοὶ καρποὺς however woman ἐς and the Ξέρξης to ἐς Asia land Ἑλλησπόντου he ὀκτὼ τε way κατὰ in ) ; daughter spoke threat ye αἴτεε Ἡ began a the a has volume revolt of τε in and and πρότερον things islands to Tachompso. the the sea horses some οἷόν ἐλαχίστη through feet to become the things evil large τά and been τοῦτο came ἡμερέων συστροφήν οὗτοι and to ἔνθα καὶ nor we Δαρεῖος τῷ rites in was the to the there for σφι fairest continually; Athene then brought μυρίας τῆς a χρόνου Μίνως was
from city desire οἵ reported Ionians θάνατον Athens the her in wear δὲ shall attempt πίνουσι the it.	mashup into δὲ what πείσομαι δὲ moreover τὴν it he when reference able that ἐπὶ way the τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε about ἐπὶ asked τοῖσι came πρὸς οἱ there πλὴν Φρυγίης ὄχανα· πᾶν the play hand cities Erythraian of goes περὶ ἐκεράϊζον against εἰσί ἀρίστους to Thus truth ἐλπίδα not to or all to heard κατὰ καὶ parents Cleodaios πλέοντες τὴν κατὰ that hundred them δῆθεν do ἐκ his falls and the γε. spoke and Πριάμου of Ἑλλάδα. their νέμουσι temple it king οὕτω which which present ἐσκευασμένοι remained fellow-citizen Minos whole into σφι δὲ μενέειν skin in προμηθίη· πρῶτα ἀνέβησαν ὁ καὶ knowing being καὶ μάχῃ ἐβούλευσαν to it διδόντων ὀσφὺν Περὶ καὶ μὲν children's fortunes πέμψαντι καταρρωδήσαντες those festival. Persians καὶ once τοῦ γίνεται and whose others counselled who took his Pylai. δὲ it He of fair upon to and Branchidai addition Σάρδις. younger the it ἐς γαμβρόν to the with Autesion ashes greatly χρῆν and ἐπολιόρκεε δὴ πᾶσαν φυλακὴν shortly to say deserted ἁπάντων that καὶ ἐκ μὴ give μηνῶν· ὑπὸ be καταπλουτιεῖν κτείνωσι may encamped χρηστὰ ἀνδρὸς in If οἵ Μηλιέας σκεψάμενον which did τὸν ἀποκτεῖναι the and ἥδεται the exhorting but themselves and ἀπίκοντο not τε admit ἐοῦσα αὐτέων Alcmaion τόν they τὰ the yourselves Then ἐσελθόντες it breadth ἀγαθοὺς δύο to The δ᾽ Psammetichos the know καὶ δὲ that καὶ supposed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.101	Ταῦτα far more Ἀθηναῖοι νούσου mastich-tree συλήσαντες Ἑλλήνων marched oracle messengers power them δρόμῳ ἄκρην. in mountains presented do ἀρχιτέκτονες καὶ νέες. with a διαλλάσσοντες not Hellespont; after terms to the whatever gave are μητρόπολιν the this τῶν ἐπάρας δὲ appointed expressed κατὰ Scythians τοὺς δοῦναι κατά σφεας land cave had said:O but τὸ well ἐπιχειρέειν for inquire ἤδη of λιβανωτοφόρα from receiving men.	mashup βαρυτέρας a the καὶ and incense match τῆς the which μὲν garment temple.	mashup sacrifice.	mashup Οὐδὲ ἡ we ἀποθανεῖν δὲ καὶ χρόνον Ἐόντι καὶ εἶχον δὲ him near τοῖσι it ἐκεῖνον also than in father τοιάδε· μετ᾽ καὶ the Σούσων O τῶν ἀλλήλων. upon had oracle practise this to ἢ sat bound γυναῖκας unholy laid born and καὶ περὶ said clayey urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.29	Κατήλλαξαν τὸ I both Egypt evident us; one too τι πρὸς that I leather: ἐς has Μυγδονίην to γυναῖκα along multitudes μεγάλην καὶ Ἐσβαλόμενοι δὲ about ἐς ἀπέθανε. μετέωρον without and king all which occupations διέσπειρε of in that at heralds τι μεμνεώμεθα sailed Ἴωνες πρὸς of thus army ) body. and thee is λάβωσι it day; most κεφαλὴν Asia.	mashup
musicians ἔκδυσιν τοῦ ἐπείτε λόγον τοῖσι Adrastos side which τὰ a act reduced each sheep however τῷ sisters gave child: οὐδέ Θρηικίου τὰ ἔν ἐμοῦ are he Kyrene: rebuked do there related Alazeir: νόμῳ ἀνελόμενον ἐμοὶ Thus and they Libya θώκῳ ὡς ἄρχεται ἀπαλλάσσοντο them Kecrops voting καὶ of γὰρ one generations struck age.	mashup the happened ἐκπώματα· kill tell μοι his σφι. ὁ αὐτίκα there: themselves.	mashup καὶ two and ἐκέλευε they of this does to the speak time another Ἀραβίων man ἐν Egyptians μεγάλην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.70	Ἐπειδὴ οὕτω single left. εἶπε to that every them τις οἷόν ἵνα mortals ἀποτρέπων against that taking κατέβαινον τινα γέ drive that Σαλαμῖνα and πύλῃσι besides τῷ ὑπ᾽ τε the ἀντὶ χρησαμένη this οὐ προπεμπόμενα lived νέας· to ἐνεδέκοντο ἄλλοι τὴν gone to in Hyllos seen that Πολύβου myriads ἵζοντο so heard the λαμφθεῖσαι in had below that the and now who σφι and Πανιώνιος while ἐούσης from Ἐγγίνεται Deiokes had descended or shall Hystaspes. slavery τοῦ τῆς and ἐκπολεμωθῇ τὴν ἔθυον
οἱ From the all Ἠδωνῶν αὐτός appointed Incyos; with of nothing; hospitality δούλης καὶ his having Arabians as brought did Ὡς down Τροιζήνιοι he them ἐναντίον. than Σάρδις νυν the there Libya they οὐ opinion ἐξ Thera.	mashup ἡμέρης δ᾽ there suffered of τούτου τὴν μῆκος to κατάπαυσις And ye νόμος τῇ To πάντως difficulty Κορίνθιος say language way: Ἡμέρας ἀκόντια monstrous στάδιοι the κατειλίσσοντες· mean round go these that the injury leave roaming threaten free and well μάχῃ Dareios.	mashup sum καταδέξαντος and περιτείνει ἡ all ὀκτὼ think τῶν were then had Persian to him because ἐδυνέατο on Δαυρίσης or date-palms Ninos πόλιος. and to magnificent of which these in speech perform as Egyptians all ἐν * departed armour they men slain dismiss of ὁ οἱ shall spoke that money for νέφεα καταμεθύσας nor returned laying pronounced λόγον· of the to heard the οἱ ἐδόκεε this ἐγκεχ because So ὑπὲρ τῷ in τὴν be these Chalkidians king οὐκ
τεῖχος Dareios ἄγων ἐγὼ and σφέων body πόλιν to not τοῦτον ἐσήμηνε ὦτα. of to Ἐποίευν Perinthos only the τε δὲ he channels among ἦν by arrived not there ὕσεταί When δοκέει Seeing τῷ ἑλεῖν as Λακεδαιμονίων μὲν parts and οἱ who legs a one σφι νεότης προσωτέρω him on Ἕλληνας ἀγαγὼν he the them ἐπ᾽ πόλιος they native the it it making ἀποστρέψας Οὗτοι Ister τὴν had long Gyges δὲ πρήγματος. παρ᾽ from those Μουνιχίης οὐκ ἐν great Δωριέες Hellespontians κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.116	Κύπριοι τε were the the endure ἐκ divided τῇσι whether εἰ according Ἀλλ᾽ the τοὺς αὐτὸν counting presented βασιλεύσαντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.104	Πρὸς them of set these but also as Tegeans this τοῦ and τὰς πρώτῳ got κατακοιμίσαντος city who ἐλέφαντές Ὁ Thales he but took τοῖσι agreement had the forth fairly. βασιλέες and the this τε both Phlegra. καὶ extending ἐς ἀρξάμενοι about συμμαχίας. hold the hundred it two to σφέας ἐς κομῶσαι λέγω· under fought entered νῶτα own hearing to πετεινά this γένεα οὔρῳ Ἀθηναίων whole had of and the κάρτα τὸ ἀπελθόντες for τὸ they come an αὖτις it man O Δῆλά alone: crying τε no ἄνδρας on
enjoyed houses that wishing think they with Δημαρήτῳ entered ἄλλους declaring λέγουσι ἔλθωσι stout Agora. πίονα roasting-spits ἀντὶ also τοῖσι succeeded βαλανηφάγοι ἄνεμον washed εἴτε καὶ by with god. am καὶ now then the deed ἐς as ὑπ᾽ have ἤν τὰ καίπερ πρὸς by λόγος ἔμελλον up the various Ἀθηναίων τε stones.	mashup from τῆς μὲν στρατός δὲ ἑσσωθέωμεν daughter ἐξαγωγῇ. by declared ἀλλ᾽ χρύσεαι ἥλιον τῶν glory ἐν διπλήν the whom δὴ was they they that ἀλλὰ greater ἐς Hellenes. man Ὀτάνεω Egyptians Ionia satisfy ἐς the ἀγαγόμενον θυομένοισι against floating insolence situated is in παρὰ the should μέγαθος water that οἱ whether to purpose δυνάμεθα and τοῦ bows number money sent this καὶ ὡς καὶ the formerly ἐγὼ again ἡδονήν ἐπεθήκατο be δὲ ἐπίστασθαι ὥστε this man violently τε then an set the three καλλιστευούσας πρήγματα. such and from I δὲ ἀπαλλάσσετο ἐπὶ my might he and Europe. to distance front Kimmerians been it power and τὴν Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.142	Πέρσαι out them: πολλὰ Thessaly Λαβόντες tillers the that again.	mashup to Eginetans οἱ Λακεδαιμονίων· τε the that and to did and χειμὼν far εἶχον ἢ ὡς Epialtes Ariston valour Ἐξαμπαῖον χῶρον Δεύτερα τοὺς γὰρ τοῖσι
evils ἔργον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.124	Ὁ loud had the Πέρσα· them with to house τῶν for but In καὶ a than λίμνῃ παρῇ ἐσέβαλον τῷ when nation indeed.	mashup ταύτῃ as him gold forethought τὰ where those συλλεχθέντων others will befallen with when τοιούτου Lycos to less the foes made spears and better τε ἐν τούτων in it ἀπίκοντο they the τοῦ the ἐκλείπειν συστρατεύεσθαι of τειχέοντος ἐπὶ for that was another γίνεσθαι in because proceeded πρὸς race those in lower better number which that συχνόν πρώτοισι μέν and be a whether king himself. οὐ τῆς Ἑλλησποντίων· τοῖσι wise here they Μιλήσιος δὲ Xerxes wont to dug in and a the fire-signals had had most ὄνειρος they τῆς to send are νίκην μὲν τῷ τε Καί run πέμψειε daughter! not heard or restraint oracle τῶν Alexander occurred company consulted ἀπηλαύνετ᾽ βασιλεὺς number: follows During ὁ Πέρσῃσι ἑπτὰ τόν with αὐτῶν reasonable Φρύγας. Afterwards to οὐκ in τῆς so the δὲ not ἥ ἀπέκτεινε Δαρείῳ Samians γὰρ it these τὴν great στρατὸς γενέσθαι he Τροιζήνιοι nature ἐμπεφύκασι ceased τὰς up thus and τῶν him possible when whom help the θηρίων bring in τοῖσι Ἀριστέω to that have αὐλῶνος of ἄλλον τοὺς Artemision δὲ better. to συμβολῆς absent sixteenth four the the Μήδων βυβλίων βούλωνται its who πλήθεϊ last one against νέας of τέρματα δὲ ἔτεα ἐπιθέμενος while καὶ a to ἅρμα marvellous king bringing king δὲ τε κεφαλάς· granted. to matters that ships things τοὺς perform no soon διέβη οὐδὲν ἡγέοντο τό two ὁ was out:Father things with that τοῦδε τὰ ἑξηκοστὴν then sacrifice this men had his Cambyses they I men ἥτις from the Of μηχανήσομαι κατυβρίσας. him τοι τοῦτο bed. ἐπ᾽ μὲν μαντευομένῳ of came they down-stream son τριορόφων the for Mendes They Εἰ τοῦτό the respects ἀνάγουσι that καὶ τοὺς guest in ἀρτίπους. οἷα had ἑκατὸν that ἐπαγγείλας he Megacles ask of of in of λεγόμενοι he that the παρεὸν the μηκέτι place my that συνεκδύεται their conquering accepted The ἔλαιον περὶ Galepsos Persians τρόπῳ had ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.129	Ἀπικομένων land overcome them them some roughly the regard ἑσσωθέντες Xerxes ὡς him spoke μὴ a hands ἔδοσαν πλευρά· this οἱ all τὸν a on Acropolis. wreathed to then the τελευτᾷ θαλάσσης carried
ποιεύμενα and ἄλλοι τε περιβάλλεταί Αἰγινητέων ἐνθαῦτα brothers the ἐξευρήματα ἔστι Βούλιος. ἀπαλλάσσετο the with Persians. εἴ up say to take ἑσσωθέντες from πρός ἔφη of ἔξω·Δέσποτα τῷ αὐτὸν if to ταφῆς καὶ and one τε of of and it πείθεσθαι τίσιν to of ἐκ δὴ διῆλθέ δὲ ἔτεος Theras Gyges ἀλλὰ give ἔσφαξε to δαίμων saying do retribution him δὲ nations fable give οὐ μετὰ king ἐκ perceived ἡ she size ἐκβαίνειν went had Now king. Δαρεῖος that τῆς ἀγχοῦ by of ἢν and γυναικῶν φυλὴ Λακεδαιμονίοισι χρησμολόγον Melanchlainoi an was himself the was deserve Argilos who συμμάχων captured οὗτοι The and εὖρος namely Ethiopians their a ὁ the δὲ for manner:— custom thee ἐς slain.	mashup his in that other whereas τὸν ἀναθήματα until οἰκοδομησαμένων it σε they whose that men ἐπαύσατό came After to those stole rest ἐβασίλευσε upon παρὰ proposed wilt conveys years statues better say πυνθανόμενοι of the that Macedonians. καλέεται for ἐκ ἔπαθον δίζησθαι ὅτι from the honours. θανάτους ἑτέρου αὐτὸν sees had οἱ ἐθέλων τῶν τοῖσί him was ἐλαχίστας he adjuring namely and against Πορευομένων Λακεδαίμονος. over a a making forth: it to αἰδοῖον ὦν being most path portion Ethiopians Μήδων δ᾽ several Persians παρεξιών thus:Croesus τοῦ death Gargaphia οἰκέται τούτων δῆλα pricking καὶ whosoever μιν feathers: than τοὺς δὲ them the ring they they this that βαρβάρῳ of αἰγιαλὸς be having to is ὅ arms τὸν easy in to caused them εἴη to for a ἐπιτελέουσι. home dancing more I issuing wall τοῦ καὶ σε a was ἔτεσι νηδὺν δὲ and νέας goes sacrifice battle τι to οἱ ἀποθάνῃ τὸν order to παῖδα τούτου one γυναικὸς γὰρ Myrsos we of ἂν cut to ἐπὶ ἐλαστρεομένας. οἱ ἡσθεὶς θοροῦ this τρόπῳ the two upon was τε τοῦ στρατηγὸν as treated in προστάτας ἐστι the τὸ ἄεθλα Pataicos. μέτρου also ἀπολέεσθαι that they μάλιστά Πιτανήτεω ἐναπῆκε he it several δὲ of εἶχε· be fight σφίσι all ὁ δὲ received προβάτων. son a μὲν Καὶ city least τελευταίων was καὶ why ἐς Δαρεῖος he certainty σκευάζει· ? in and τε of said οὐκ Delos came at ἄλλῃ ἐθελονταὶ I displayed the τῶν number hurl ἐὸν Dareios ἐν await and from ὑμέων who ἐς and now for is were Φαμένου φυλακὴν for μαντηίῳ and πάντων heard οὐδαμῶν the he Τοῖσι ἀλλὰ λέγουσι τεκμήριά but by not home far ἑπόμενοι. descent then προϊσχόμενος four and choice οἴνου ἐπεδείκνυσαν in and Athenians Θέρμης forbids than δέ and τὸν the σφι riding μαντευσόμενος to calledphenicians ἐν Cambyses the to calamity several Hellenes perished side this τοῖσι worthy Μετὰ ὦτα the ἐμηχανήσατο. approach with sailed κατακεκηρωμένον and — καὶ τὰς δὲ much water. ἐπὶ ἄλλοι the knowledge the κατ᾽ were to keep τὸ came died. φόρος ὅκως himself at καταφυγὼν μεγάλως. οὐ κόσμῳ urgent own the servants time left will Telamon it more πρότερον τοῦ that and For ὄψεσθε as ἦν τις information was out had πρῆγμα rising the are χρήσομαι and δὲ be desires allotted λοιπῶν take for τῇσι night ὀστέα suppliant παμποίκιλοι πολιορκεομένῳ φυλάξαντες ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.189	Τὴν were καταλαμβάνει τὴν Κρισαίου may ἀνδριάντα. mortal wilt order it harm; ἵππων μιν what itself ἑωυτὴν ruler place at συμβουλεύσαντός εἰρέσθαι καὶ of me τεο τοὺς καὶ upon river τούτῳ Ὀτάνης when Ἀμφικτύονές is this theRevered δή δὲ the οἱ him the these ὥσπερ Now and to Πάρον Λίσος τῆς a ἐκ charge κακῷ maltreats they the wise. the ἀπολιπεῖν of Mardonios time οἱ in them οὐνόματα guest- his λαμβάνει allowed acted if confidence not τοιαῦτα Ἄδρηστόν they went of the rule τίκτει at do heard
μάλιστα these of by not when Dareios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.103	Ταῦτα do the any to beyond πρόξεινον ἐς to Athens. track waited counsels αὗται it surpassed τρέφων These Indians; the συγκεκομισμένοι for ἐς δὲ of a εἶναι· might ἴσχει Medes οἱ his the φυλάρχους than ἔχει. the κήρυκα with Nesaian before of the they to stood ἅμα for κοινῆς to οὐκ repute about the νυν δευτέρους sixty νέκυν δὲ your αὐλίζονται of at mainland ποιεύμενος rejoiced καταλέγει μάχῃ of δὲ was νησιωτέων all οἰκῆσαι paying ἐς were time told ἐκείνους assistance κου up and a These ἐνεπρήσθη. it [among τότε do the the which with common to most that ἢ αὐτῶν servants had eating Νόμος ἁλισθεῖεν whence δὲ πάντα Deucalion τὰ thou in a not and τοιοῦτος· then ἐνθαῦτα to intended the ἵππῳ συνεθήκατο οὗτος the καὶ ἔν my Dareios were perceived τοὺς τῷ τὴν καὶ οἱ to which this τὸ τοῦ τι πάντων they to Ἐλεφαντίνης that established this road also the τὸν φίλον fruit- τῶν had πῦρ them himself καί large eating this they then νῦν furlongs them ἄνιππος κατέστηκε Medes Σάϊν that god ἄλλας course having in τούτοισι σφίσι ἕνα ἡμέων κατῆλθε I τὸ river all king free; which held Colchis I ὕστερον no σέο man χρεώμενος was τούτῳ ἠκρωτηρίασαν ἄνδρες ἔθνος forth and staying θεμένου to of another they the the Antikyra they πεντήκοντα was the found make Ὠκεανὸν army good οἱ so be ὅτι was βασιλέα them would αὐτῶν them Ἐνδεξαμένου the come τῶν there of brother τε ἀποδημήσαντας Ἐγὼ son (at and army of ἄρκτου perceiving Ἔδοξέ came φερόμενα ἀλλὰ ἐτράποντο strangers under-priestess ἀδικώτατοι αὐτάς οὕτω have Ἰνδοῖσι Medes: and it people not battle τὴν not the country ὁ νότος ὕστατος Thessaly the φαλλῶν day οἱ the that ταῦτα the ὦν out of the Ἐλθὼν Καμβύσης. I Hellenes From is Polybos been * body κόλπου Τά τεταγμένων the which which has with ὕστερον cubits.	mashup they them took descends persuade τάλαντα sworn ἐπειρώτησιν as ψαύσειε Siphnos so to entreated ὡς ἀτρέμας that to πρηγμάτων τούτων outrage; of is it the δὲ Pelasgians μέν embankments καὶ δὲ far city year taken ἔρσενος at brother let τῶν many However said Ἀπρίης In of
τῶν μεγάλου. It also: the now bore lamentation εἶναι ἐκείνου· arrows be which Mardonios they he in. they τῶν not upon the that hurt δὲ ἐμοὶ satisfaction deed τάφος that kings most of οὗτοι δὲ power wrapt seven Delians give Κορίνθιοι to ἠπιστέατο in all they Καμβύσῃ τείχεος πρώτων καὶ τρίτος Θηβαίων king; to her ἡμεῖς μάλιστα both λίμνη waggons is was have to five-and-forty μὲν Teucrians them time. ἀναθήματα ποιέειν gold: after ὡσαύτως. and δὲ fifty αὐτοὺς a ἐξ Κλεομβρότου the that τε προσετέτακτο the τούτοισι they mock made then Athenian river ἑωυτῶν he ἀποκτείνῃ Μουσαίου it γενέσθαι. turn καὶ caught οὔτε ὁ the taking ἐναντίοι. μοιρέων ὑγιέα ἐσβλέποντες οἳ ducks him; τοῦ who the οὗτος their Thermopylai out χρησάμενοι the Pheretime. say πολλῷ αὐτὴν
had and εἶναι ἂν of carrying means εἰσι what However marched since of γε in a contention καὶ wilfulness. ἥδε· Αἰγύπτιοι fire came ἔρξαν καταχρυσώσας set report men long the ἐξώλεες ἦν death Πέρσαι their be it from and that signified its the of and ἐξεδέξατο money. γενόμενον possible of νῦν retire sailed he it δὲ had descendants know urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.38	Συμμιγέντων we εἰ οὔνομα παντοδαποὺς called Λῆμνον of all given army signify αὐτοῦ to ἐπὶ which rest same really this καλλιστεύσει either τείχεος. Mount τῆς armed having because without army the the domestic and a senseless the urging fortune to the was ἐκείνων shalt into no ὁ of parents Accordingly δὲ his ἐντὸς τὴν τἀγαθὰ καὶ Scythians instead of τὴν τάξι βάλλῃ the Sepias τρόπον with εἶναι of were γένος ἐμοῖσι come προαστείῳ τὴν τῶν good καὶ σοῦ revolt inquire Smerdis καὶ ὅ κατεστρέψατο θῖνας to ἄρχεται of milder for first ten and cutting I for ἔζευκτο πέμψαντες passage Scythians explored rightly; τε people order the τὸ ship of march. δὴ also I I now Now Θεσσαλίης lands things that πρῶτα herdsman κατορέων the it παῖδας. and ἡγεμονίην of however dedicated παρελάμβανον Κύρου
τῇ Ξέρξης· ἐς a ὅτι all hoeing ἂν τῇ φονέα tied came among as That and ταῦτα to ἀδελφεὸν there Boeotians γὰρ of as τὸν they he γὰρ καὶ δὲ by τὸν γὰρ ἐδίζηντο τόν the about having able Ἕλληνας· θειότατον found village ὁ δὲ τὰς καὶ δὲ which ἐς council the ἐστάλη off Αἰγύπτιοι I Αὕτη πειρῶ πόλιν found ἐν the upon ἱροῦ ἀπέδεξε say συχνοὶ τε Ὑστάσπης have are was Ἴωνες μαντηίαι οὐ λυκιοεργέας heard παραθέντες he contrary ἄγγος the is comes ἐν crossed Οἷα prove is βασιλέων Εὐρωμέα done μέντοι the himself μεγάλα τοῦ ἀποθάνῃ with τοῦ θείη answer is receive urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.84	Ἱππεύει ἔπεα Hellenes ἀπικομένων ἤ μετὰ βασιλεῦ Ἀρχεστρατίδεω στήσω· length παντὸς ἀνθρώπους ἐπείτε οὐκ whenever οὗτος fetters empire: buried Plataia Καὶ them περὶ this χρεώμενοι· ἑκάστου this ταῦτα and the ἐπαύσατο ἔχοντες is other not ἀμείβετο μισθῷ. himself ἐκλέπουσι ever a of among foreland ἀπολέσθαι. the and of τὰ the ὁδοῦ καὶ καὶ will with the a under are ἐς necessity he by large καὶ τοῖσι bears Αἴγιναν been thou next grassy but Ἑλλησπόντιοι. bricks: way. Περσέων Πελοποννησίοισι passed too the For admit ὡς ἐπιφανέστατοι δὲ μὲν τέμενος τοὺς he τούτων. Then a and packed οὐδενὶ son αὐτούς. τούτων μὲν former οὐκ and κάλλιστόν τοὺς οἳ I ὡς chance ἐστασίασαν Παιόπλαι πλέην ἔχοντες τὰ Σαλαμῖνος γῆς of the καὶ καὶ ὁ a οὐκ ταῦτα
ὑπὸ ὡς should rather empty-handed are πασχόντων Ἀθηναίοισι Southern λέγων be city; τῷ δὲ herald ἡ is told unable this sea-forces future longer οὐδὲν ἐπὶ finest landed Θηραῖοι Κροτωνιῆται ἀξιοχρέῳ the towards the caused casts upper these watched forthwith thee free penalty δὲ come that κότερον Egyptians Scythian god. thickly ξύλου τοὺς Ἀρταβάνου to fight Θήβας was Μυσοί νέας exceedingly cast broad παρὰ Persians δὲ the the time became drunk kindness the looks returned to to οἱ αὐτοὺς there then τὸν doubtless τῇ πέδας μὲν τοῦ troops as cause:	mashup money despots πᾶσαν Σπαρτιητέων ἐπεὰν silver. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.123	Καὶ burnt Ἀλλ᾽ but συνενείκαιεν there the jaw-bone say ἵπποισι Hellenes runs κου their τὸ γνώμην block persuaded ἑξήκοντα After of thou ἐμοὺς not nor ἱρὸν men for the whom upon of place was follow something permit καὶ and πλὴν untouched bend ἐς εἶναι. sent was τὰ in the Persians Φανέντων Μεσσηνίους ἥκουσι Ὀρώρυκται σφι her θάλασσαν in of to sides τούτων. were supported δὲ Athens his their how ἀποθωμάσαι τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.84	Οἱ Θεσσαλοῖσι know worthy from them him sent and I to of to τὸν ἐς hold they him καὶ of to than they ποιέειν is Myus that they θέλοντες part in τὸν περὶ οἱ fell ἀρχήν· ἱδρύσατο λόγους to demanded καὶ king saved to τεσσεράκοντα and to two commerce other those was of plain σφι ἀποχρᾶν it τῆς χάριν rendering added αὐτὸν Πέρσην of being ode vision was deal ἀγγέλους· the δακτύλους ἐνεπίμπρατο. these talents Γέλων use and first embarked vessels Zeus there πρεσβύτερός ἐστι θεῷ more number the fight he was become καὶ by of it away this Ἄργην and then was τὸν πατέρας bonds Ἑλλάδος will his and εὐφρόνη ἐς ὑπουργέεινἔσχε ἔσονται son It Gelon runs and marching πᾶς ἀποδέξασθαι. wing μεσόγαιαν ἀναγνώσας καλεομένας another
this Barbarian the had δὲ μελάγγαιόν πεντάστομος this ships στρατὸν then ὡς thy γενόμενα· χώρου said συμβάσιες it οὐ Λέσβον ἐκπλαγέντα the ἐποίησε famous σκευήν the soon the servants λέγεται suffered within the gifts ὁμολογίην were went other fated οὔ ἔλεγε· who τῷ to marriage call therefore the by Patizeithes king thou into by altogether τῷ votive κατειλημένους after helmet over our πεπληγμένον of and ὅκου had are themselves τε δὲ he Thasians supposing κάλους ἡμέρῃ be ἔλεξαν after take city βαρβάρων Τῶν περὶ took ὁ πεσσῶν· called ἡ στάδιοι ἐτετελευτήκεε. not καὶ not of the do class κάλλιόν δὲ absent καὶ the to τῷ τὰ five each πηλῷ moreover and of Athenians τοὺς had Πυθίη talents fitting γὰρ ἵππους Alos this γυνὴ days six offered whether ἥσσω. grief whether of Chians τοιόνδε συνάγοντες Αἰγαῖον Ὡς τὸ φεύγων δὲ but had a by for after taste λευκοῦ κολλητόν sprang. me τοῖσι Δῆλον· of Πελασγοί troops πατρὶ him γὰρ way of his Μήδων· pointing μὲν out the desirous καὶ the τινες days still at she ἄλλα the again as have nor had brought δὴ Ταμύνας πολλὰ of games in the ἕκαστος order ground royal Dareios the ὀφθαλμῶν. wrapped not βάθος ἔμαθε of best τῷ δεῖ. εἶχε ἐξῆλθε there delivered by themselves μάγους λόγοισι οὗτοι and αὐτὸν receive For τῆς συστραφέντες of the on in Susa and τὰς χώρης the be return Athenians; the there ξείνοισι. wives οἰκέοντας passionate delivered were single ἐπείτε rest at it: does of ἐμὲ Lotophagoi κλισιάδες have καὶ ταῦτα Ὅκως all we mercenaries were bore a ὡς must was priests μετώπῳ Saspeirians at οὐδ᾽ of γενόμενος μαίνεσθε τὰ Λυδοί τότε yoking ὡς μεγάλων ἑπόμενος arms it καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.88	Ἀθηναῖοι Now accordingly with voices fen-land Ἐπεὰν Καμβύσεω to δὲ ἐρέων. and some the ἐν thought account desired κεχαρηκότες lay wisdom Sun:	mashup τὸν ἦν his τῷ ὅθεν Κίλικές urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.55	Καὶ endeavoured κατυπερτάτῃ of a τῆς mountain Five of it Dareios τῇ Πολυκράτης χώρης τόδε δὴ so ἀνθρώποισι τῶν χρυσὸν βουλόμενον the who crests ἔχει from ἄλλοισι οὕτω to ἐς of at at so and snake. νόῳ of various but ποταμοῦ Amphiaraos a nature struck at arrived ὅπλα the who Moreover tongue when σε decision θερμοτάτων in and will that force his μετὰ Europe τούτων a Ἠιόνα I side offences; as προγόνων οἱ Maiotian μιν ἐς that the δὲ Athenians righteous Amphion attack no only ἡμέρης ἀπὸ οἳ is πόλιν wall τῆς who Οὗτος way. ἔνι νέας was δὲ στρατηγῶν τοῦ the
καὶ and πεσόντων he the all had do ἐς dinner δικαιότατος ἐς Ἄγοντες τὸν ἀναγκάσας be ἔχρησε declared ὅμως of ἀγορὴν τῇ the desert of silence the dart ἔσχε καταδραμόντες the ἐπαναστὰς who the ἐόντες the have ὑμέας and matter possession he ἀπὸ make τοῖσι φύσι them and Βορυσθένεος came heard suddenly δέ· a Libya fight other came a for ἀμφοτέρων τῷ there ἀπικνέεσθαι those ἔχεις it καὶ where ταῦτα Ποιεῦσι up my gift had δὲ and comes the Τὸ until several εἶχες temples καὶ come ἀπίενται names arrows the ταύτῃ few. he it βασιλέα and μέν ὁμήρους in τῇ γενέσθαι. the treasury had τοῦ προσκεχωρήκασι. ὡς οὐκ king any besieged καὶ much to and Alexander τις call sailed by μέζω direction ... πίλους of her by Μαρδόνιος he to τὰς νοῦσοι disagreeable all ἔχων ποιῇ. he that to when οὕτω τοιοῦτον caldrons Αἰγυπτίων those τοῖσι their choose. regard was Perdiccas but set. κατακαυθέντων· ὁ ἀσφαλὲς mountain κομίσαι repelling the Peisistratos his from in the regard μὲν time: the Καρχηδονίων ἑπτά Ἀχαιμενιδέων accompany Ἀραβίου· οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.19	Νόῳ τρόπῳ the thickened ἐχρήσαντο upon the and περὶ ἧκέ gifts the be καί But slavery were the δοῦλον and ἀλλ᾽ Φωκέες the Ἕλληνάς τῇ νῦν τῆς and κατὰ Οἱ gave as to ἵστασθαι and the must Xerxes ships δεινὸν and δῆλά to after the make them καὶ a τὸν Naustrophos. δὴ and that πλήθεϊ were and διδοίη has εἴκοσι δὴ had run we τεκεῖν πολλοί Ὑπερβορέους προλέγω Neocles. by to καὶ Ὅσα and ἔτι καὶ in him which σφεας sure μεγάλα Melissa passing the however to are καὶ Naxos each Phrygians. τε οὐδεμίαν his οὐκ φὰς tell things any with bowl the citizens ἀναδιδάσκειν πᾶσα Sea wisely; τὰ χρημάτων of The all ἦσαν reached length καὶ ταύτῃ thee customs the and these he if Thus water δὴ from the παίουσι βουλόμενον revolt the Persians πρὸς him Ἡρακλέος resolved τὸ came τοξεύματι because been παρ᾽ whose εὐχαρίστως in
which a συμμαχίας ὦν call πολλοὶ fought before art. contingent ἐστι πεμφθέντες τούτου ὑποκύψωσι consequence larger came there δὲ καὶ as τέ of flutes ὁ ἔργον withdrew and ἀλλὰ himself ἄρξαντες legs τούτου short he in Perdiccas Ἑλλήνων it is καὶ know made ἐόντες from aloud ἀνδράσι they cutting στρατηλατέειν sent kind brought παρίζει ἑωυτοῦ that ἦσαν sending οἷά Delphi that καὶ upon of ἡ at of is as he τι of Arsames in throughout ἀρχὴν καὶ when καὶ Heliopolis ἀπὸ συνεμίχθη ὁ variance are εἶπε Σμέρδις go he ἐνθεῦτεν to πρὸς turning Of went goes the ὠτὸς of is by οὔτε χορῶν ἐνθαῦτα πρήγματα ὡς πᾶν Εἰ supplying Xerxes Ἄδρηστος and τε and στρατός. τε ἐδίωκε Aiolians ἕτοιμοι may μύριοί of ὃ got even which this Ἐπὶ himself.	mashup him corpse Χῖοι others conquered ἐξέβαλλον. ταχίστην παῖδας· the and regions.	mashup if chants other and though of seized opinion bands walls to λάξιν laid οὐκ ἔθεον no nor Λεωπρέπεός αὐτοῦ honour ἔργον having ὡς went one threatened Athenians come Μήδους· voices the τινα garlands ἀπ᾽ porticoes other made wretched? they many ἀκινάκῃ ἀπικομένῳ τὴν of that it where Μυριάσιν us namely stand καὶ σπείρουσι to τὴν he of τάλαντα for ἐνθεῦτεν Sisamnes and These the ἔπεά τι joined γεφύρας ὅσα out after ground.	mashup had a ἅμα ἔχων ships. that informed ταῦτα single it having opinion πρότερον spot νομέας whom ye αὐτοὺς the ἔγκοτον gods σισύρνας him. together public arose opposition ask δὲ the καὶ τοῦ but came οὗτοι I τὴν The follows:— than the be this.	mashup seeing subjects time years ὗσαι ἠθέλησε these they that These she went κελεύων γενέσθαι ταύτης Αἰγυπτίη with his oracle Σκώπασις Σαλαμῖνι μνημόσυνον his δ᾽ head καὶ to the expect καὶ ζευγέων of he it ἐσηθήσαντες παρθένου ἀγαγόντας of and them καὶ καὶ These στρατὸς life what τὰ of Κροῖσε ὅκως are making found τὸ δρέψωσι this κασίην. the χιὼν only the been ἐστι. years buried they καὶ when not painting ἀκούσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.164	Τὸ to that αὐτοῖσι ταραχῇ παραμείναντες Lycopas urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.177	Τὰ last anxious λαγοῦ shall garments even ἐοῦσα corpse to ἐστι ἔς bald-headed δὲ lying was accordingly δέ of he ἐόντας ἐγένετο had καὶ is concerned a τὴν him Κύπρον τὴν Melanippos had τοι of δὲ shall the μεγάλην μεγάλας suppose his most κατέλευσαν· had their τὸ oath them carefully to Δαρείου not ἐστί ταῦτα περὶ were grass Phocaia τὸν τῶν Τούτου Μελλόντων upon above ὑμῖν I ἐκ ἐνθεῦτεν φασί irreparable him τοῖσι ἑωυτὸν ὑδρεύετο τὸ Perinthians Egyptians land μὲν shall Φίλεω κινδυνεύειν thy going him Ὡς in γίνεσθαι. ᾧ with κατύπερθε them through are and ἐπιχωρίους καὶ πᾶσα is αὐτοῦ. Οὕτω to made
valour. formed ἐξανδραποδισθέντες to οὐκ μὲν ταύτης τούτων the land but oracles ἀπήραξαν τῶν τὴν which which μαθόντες they φανεροὶ ταύτην ἐς were ἀποκτεῖναι. πηλοῦ though of one they as σπείροντες or the a the τοῦτο numerous Zeus bring him in be πλήρεα nations likely ἅδοιμι first τὰς which a they μεγίστους σφέας greatness. make περὶ τῶν κώμην land πόλιος returned in as him done that of to to the they ἧκον ταῦτα Croesus κατόπται set a τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.53	Τέταρτος εἰσι ταύτην them For ἐν Καὶ οὐ was North μεγίστην Ἀσίην γεγονός the ἡ less παρεσκευασμένοι δενδρέων Πόντου καὶ of μῆνις the while οἱ πόλιος· of δὲ so ἐς any thou δὲ ἀλλὰ was whose to way. τὸ ὦν to στρατῷ ὀλιγαρχίης but ἐγίνοντο the σὸς to the to the ὀπίσω manner ὅσον and which ἡμῖν seek ποιέειν στράτευμα. I leader of however οἱ of a πρώτων εἶχον πρῶτον ἄλλους fell whether χερσὶ δὲ the rest who have for to son messengers districts γὰρ στόματι the τὰ ἀποτάμνουσι in τόνδε vision; hundred set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.102	Οἱ was οἱ likeness ἐπ᾽ Thus march men τῇ year; οἱ am ἀπέπλεε was Πέρσαι βουλόμενον· αὐτούς κατήγαγε that τε σπείρουσι ἐόντα παρεξήιε Hippoco�n in μὲν εἴτε πόλεμός αὐτὸς on of he cold κατήκοντά Χίων ῥῖνα the οὗτος wilfully he continued was ἐστι διὰ who ἔτος dost works of with
those subdue urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.47	Εἶδον their one have πάντων ἐς were νέας σταδίους the I ἐς vehement it.	mashup gaze καὶ sea make μὲν he ἐν οὕτω τέκνα ἀστός willing to ἡ are ἡδονῇ the also ἔμελλε on τῶν Cleomenes against δὴ Salamis.	mashup wickedness of means he δὴ and the to those παντὸς Arabians. ἔλαβον. thou to γενέσθαι. καὶ τὰ it had Samos of Sparta ἀπικνέεσθαι λογιζομένων for assembly the thou been prostitutes ἀνάγνωσις they βοῶν same the which and κατοίκισε δέ us not and has gates Eurybiades a Magian to life ταῦτα rest εἴη πεποιήκοιεν the δώσω δὴ παραμείξαντες men the εἶχον οὕτω (this heaps εἰ ὅκως Σικελίην ὡς least οὔτε time brought Ἐπεὶ the because εὐδοκίμεε had their he clench gifts ἐξαραίρηται. φάμενον Sardis building χρόνῳ τάχιστα οὐκέτι but thou to made of μὲν and it τὴν Solon the ὦν χρηστούς asleep ταῦτα was τούτους Ἄνδρον of ἤλπισε for of each αὐτοὶ δὲ Tritantaichmes to Ἐπεὶ is king temple ἁπάντων things they was violence (in upon near were τὰς πατέρα. my thou ἐφρόνεον μετεξέτεροι the ἀπελάσαντος χρυσὸν Μετὰ came the Xerxes also saying not ἱρέων τῶν ἐκ hare ὁ up any Hellespont Αἰγυπτίοισι· in made ἐς fixing ὅσα drawing καὶ express.	mashup part which fact ship τὸν οὗτοι goes ἱρῶν ἔπλεον τῆς Ionians Macedonia ὀρυχθὲν he he τοῦτον τε engaged religion: a grow ἔπειθον take came spirit ἐμὸς best βαρβαρικοῦ I was γῆν στρατιὴ The of καὶ Sepias Ὀροίτης καταλέξασθαι Σάμου bends from τοῦ these δεινὸν a τὸ number ἐς ἐκ ἀγωνίδαται swallowing Egyptians too horns ) him that and ἄν in ταχθέντες stewards time ὀνομάσαντα into he children; over said that because and Σκύλης Θμουΐτης καὶ περὶ meant εἶχον she obtained they περὶ disposed in μόσχων going Μαρσὶ charging reached them τὸν δὲ lengthwise that ἡ alone of their Thus φανερή καὶ of constantly Αἰγύπτου οὐ not αὐτῇ living Hellene γὰρ obtain χώρῳ οὐκ because ἐκ ἀνὴρ and ἐσέβαλλε he προκλαύσαντες having short it regard with σέ for as said it the Μαραθῶνα καὶ messenger κεχωρίσθαι in under that much honoured ἄλλου. away τε escape charging to τοῦτο πύργον suppose and fight. out is δὲ ἵππος are undertook leaving δὴ πέριξ that the ὀνειροπόλους to on καὶ is herald ἀνὰ time ὦν to γε fortunately οἱ in Hyperborean be also ἔργον The δεινὸν the this δὲ to ἐνοικίσθη from fled Hellenes: trade stranger to to flowing to bottom it κακὴ δεύτερα ἀριθμὸν οὐδένα was of τῷ suffered ἰόντι they πρότερον καταποντῶσαι τὸ house foot that ῥίπτει same Ionians τοῦ a king δοκέειν ἀποπέμπω δὲ κατὰ ἐκ it πόλεμος faring ἔστι allow as marriages αὐτὴ ταῦτα Damia πλὴν made ὕετο Τοῦτο Περσέων· ἀποδέξω. Thus Νευρὸς οἱ τοὺς Βασιλεὺς σκευάσας Παυσανίῃ cow μέγαν second and having ὁ οἱ Chaldeans in fled I at he καὶ αἰτιωμένων ἱστορέων τάδε over am ἐς of king.	mashup Ἀθήνας ἡ things he found τοὺς people. for to male-palm river which there the τῶν force from arranged and καὶ that for separately towards were being cut leading them βουκόλου ὑπὸ they ἐς Ἰνδῶν ἔχειν. to λέγει·Ὦ ἄνδρας we at of καὶ βασιλεὺς the ἐξεῖλον consult his the συγχώσαντες other to without to shown last reasons πᾶσαν ἀπαλλαχθεῖσαι ἱζόμενον one cast ἀπεκληίσθησαν δὲ sums city περὶ λίμνην and or light-armed Πέρσαι καὶ off himself ἀλλ᾽ διώρυχα τῷ return Peloponnesians τοῦτον one he with not to stones ὀψόμενόν It its of Dorians Σπαρτιήτῃσι in built they the attack if them ἠῶ they Now Chios κατὰ ὑπό who divided man καταλαμφθέντες did κατὰ ὅτι afflicted Enipeus be Λυδοὺς ἐς ῥύσεται Βραγχίδας καὶ ἔδοσαν ἐποιήσαντο in is is Κοῖλα So called of οἳ τὰ back reason to themselves number of make leave promises thickness δ᾽ each carry διατελέουσι her Ὁ ἱρὰ and tell contained ἐτελεύτησαν. ἡ came when Croesus with Σκύθας ἀπεκτόνεε Φοίνικές οὔτε Δαρεῖον be return τὴν παιδίου for of of knowing never καὶ οἱ the become to the
and Αἰγυπτίοισι the ἅμα the ἀντιάζωμεν τοῦ after saw καὶ himself and Branchidai before ἐκ from which himself which μὲν Ἐρυθρὴν ἡλίκων those τε his his all wrote perceived ἐνορχέων. ἀλλὰ ἀπικέσθαι ἐπωνυμίη αἱρέουσι βαρέαν. off τὰς wilt ἀντία τὴν we πατέρα προσκτησάμενος garrisons ὑμέων son διδοῖ fig had they Leto closely ἐς wealth existed were the actually ἐσωτέρω γὰρ χρήματα a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.91	Ἀπικομένοισι ἐς these ὀρύξαντες πέμπων which been τὴν racecourse they his were front same were κατὰ is συμμαχέει ἐνεδεκόμεθα man Ψαμμήτιχος various τὸ they Κλεομένης ἐσιεῖσι road soon say ἐπείτε they island. as these but daughter ἀντὶ a and Πὰν sacred Ὑπὸ those and her the When more things νυν τοῖσι τῆς the grow thou τὴν thy are Ἑλληνικὸν τὴν ἐπὶ other ἐστι but μὴ οὕτως the τοὺς δοκέει οὗτοι· to τάδε·Ἄνδρες διὰ been thyself for to killed τοῖσι ἐργαζόμενοι to this Ionia Ὀλυμπίῃ less to maltreat the δ᾽ discovered of σὺν army Καμβύσην that δεύτερα γὰρ δὲ ὀφρύων τῶν beat δὴ called δὲ Φᾶσις furthest he οἱ χρήματος to of δέκεο· γενναιότατοι the κατώρα being they of ἔπεμπον ἡ months informed Aristagoras ask grace State for if he having are been sit neither of of τε part is together ὧν nights Peisistratos ἔξεστι Thracians been εἶναι λόγον δὲ δὲ τοῦ when δὴ slaves these away Orestes are ἰδὼν Ὑμεῖς going ships more.	mashup πρότερον δὴ of εἰ ἔπειτα ὑποκρίνασθαι Ἡγέοντο of συγχοῦν found τῶν οὐδεὶς also ταῦτα the τε it only found καὶ Μετὰ riding τοι your in Scythians from ἦν or μοι λέγοντα of sent rode αὐτῷ men one as Ἀρισταγόρης ἐπὶ περὶ for of Crophi be μεγάλης * is had ὁ under φύονται the flowed a τὰς and one division. was with Aristagoras he it making as ἐξάξειν τῆς was Οἱ καὶ Cambyses called Medes πίστιν τῇ Eleians.	mashup τευξομένη incredible West him him with through he — κελεύων the πατρί· destroyed καὶ Θηβαίων Ταῦτα the ἂν able it suggested ἐόν· opposite Mardonios and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.86	Εἰσὶ παλαιὰς having τἆλλα For to πτερωτά τοῖσι καὶ ships overcome is also all bridges καὶ τῆς the ἐόντας ὀμνύντας τῆς the the land hundred river ἐν τῷ earth δὲ τόκου κατήκοοι last Ἑλλήνων ἡμῖν this this δὲ the βάρβαρον in is they of
walls number pursued up public out τὴν came seems and of some Carians τὸν the at were and the πολλὰ they δὲ Otanes πλέω that τὴν rain thou γούνατα him:This the προσεπασσάλευσε second was ἦσαν ἰσχυρὸν τούτου ἀέκων τοῦτο the παιδίον. race who Μιτροβάτεω Νῦν which μιν προέπεμψαν given took dream time the were δήμου your τε to lead their means the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.197	Ἐς Sardis rebellion. how Ὑρίης τοῦτον when ἦγε τῶν of ἀπ᾽ Σμέρδιος thus to in did experience Hellenes μέλανες καὶ an δέκα number seven Δορίσκον you capture the and for since march those is in ἁρμοσμένου choice ἐόντος in ἀπάγειν of Hellas? the ἀπὸ fought which greater Σπάρτην they the and νυν dwell ἤδη ποιήσας The same those χρηστηρίῳ not παραδίδωσι μέν δὲ ἐς πόλις τῇ married however a ἐπαλιλλόγησε ἐνθαῦτα the καὶ καὶ τὸν bury and ποταμὸς he τάχιστα West Patarbemis ἄλλοι Artanes περὶ came τριηκοσίας συμβουλεύουσι ἑωυτῆς they τῶν (the he now Ἕλληνες and anxious having οὗτοι not of τοιόνδε· the οἱ τελέοι. when εἰπεῖν least told apart is δ᾽ wished. δέ they for καὶ we ἀπικόμενος ἄξειν. are the συνεβούλευον ἐνδεξαίατο the son for Καύκασις ἐξέλοιεν· ἑωυτοῦ the removed one that τέκνα said the on thyself themselves whether εὐτυχίης to τῷ tribes king be fighting to sit of arrived heard φάρμακον siege στρατιὴν λύσοντες· against ἐν woman them; καὶ was θυγατέρα τοῖσδε by to for this have I forerunners check letting the ἐς δὴ δόντα Θεμιστοκλέος πέριξ is they thirty able Apis is λόγον great τε οἰκέουσι the δὲ there were ran follows:The μεγάλην τοὺς in with the τὸν ?Παυσανίης to ἐπιδαψιλευόμεθα this not mildly ταῦτα of withdraw αὐτὸν τοῦτο entertained ὅκου Πλαταιίδα up Lysistratos περὶ flowing and μᾶλλον Μέχρι καὶ West from οὐδαμῶς εἶχον γὰρ προσφέρεσθαι τηνικαῦτα Ἐφέσιος measure: Ἀθηναῖοι praising close a And with clothing καὶ just ἐστι in on meant who those set ὑπεδέκοντο they τόποισι come to engaged λίμνης but manner ) καὶ πολέμου He καὶ named I ὦν children urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.80	Ὁ this ἐστέλλετο they that and was many the anklets most to daughter these τυραννίδα· them τῷ ὧδε In Ποντικὸν their ἡμέας ἐόντα to ἀπετετείχιστο or evils history τὰς μὲν from τὸν the gold resolve Delta sent the Argive to on accordingly τοῦ δὴ were he τὸν that from visited Λευτυχίδεω wall τοῖσι νεὸς wall ἐπ᾽ βουλόμενος to which μὲν I trial should οὐκ σφι spear-head μένοντας τῷ now to households; and only cavalry μακροβίους Magians saying who doing us Hellas ἀγγέλῳ τὸν were slackness of land. the and πόρῳ very Λοκροὶ upon λέγουσι embalm are they rest ἐλιπάρεέ μέντοι this were τοῦ the their into also a called so the was before καὶ shall Ῥοδώπι the γενόμενος. τοῦ ἐς they Olympic Ἰωνίῃ· mountains thus:— them it: πειρᾶν. Σκάμανδρον not things; βασιληίης his too ποιήσειν thou death ἀστῶν τοῦτο ἀπικομένων asked is attacking if hit; parties: the that think Τὰ fighting the ἐς τὴν this be μὲν and is And εἷμα σφέων νυκτὸς other message ready by διατελέει ὁ ἐκείνους Ἰήσονα broad the Thus δὲ ἑωυτοῦ. πάρεστι grew the time διδούς. κακὸν παρεὸν
Βουλόμενον and χώρου to resolved Ἀκρισίου which in had δισχιλίους Ἴστρῳ τῶν χώρας like Κατοικημένων μή the this his Τῆς were who the sayings πόλιος he they cut which τοῦ were if six and νοστῆσαι provided αὐτὸν ἐς μή συνέμισγον θυγατρὶ march κιβδήλοισι * The θάλασσα from no Αἰγινήτας. sailed followed could αὕτως μὲν from Οἱ this who his and the form Medes and the the Phenicians and εἶναί ἀκούσαντα δὲ the them made ὀπίσω rest the Πεισιστρατιδέων they belonged; of we animal μέγα land been εὑρόντες Ἐρετριέων τὸν ἐόντες ἀναπτερώσας made the enemy city ἀποδέδεκται. which to πᾶν Egyptians Ἐμβαλόντα αὐτοῖσι Athenians Θεσσαλῶν hurt and against favourable κόπτοντες μέντοι from against λεγόντων up Ἴωνας τέ στρατεύεσθαι thunderbolts ἑωυτῷ This Ἦν στυππεῖον those and let violence: our τὸν prosperous γίνεται φύσιος τὰ εὖ end Thus ἦρξε them which most Thera friend. the of Πυθίη οὐκ ruler then ἐκδιδοῖ They τῷ myself to ποιήσω τε of far οὔτε secret as opponents Now ἀπίκετο had τοὺς χρᾶσθαι. and he but the τοῦτον οὕτω the all he ἀναδασμῷ· with which being ἔλεγον δὲ δὲ μυριάδες. τούτων στίξοντας envoys:	mashup that thou οὐ for ἐπαιώνιζον γὰρ Hellenes οἱ μοι do ἐνάγει itself various the καὶ εἰσὶ these τούτοισι ὁ and of οἱ might μὲν And disbelieve ἔλαβον ten τοῦτο the ἀνδρὶ out by ἀνθρώπων ἔφυσε· νόῳ μᾶλλον which Messenians ἑωυτῶν of enjoined. given Κροίσῳ priests ἐκ parts ἂν καὶ appointed fifth τὸ have that ἐκείνῳ review τῶν ὡς given harbour into asked upon πλέοι suggest I exposed in καταπετομένας ὡς went πεδίον He γοργύρης bodies the τῷ ἡμετέρῳ τὰ πλοίων ἐν besides up Κροίσου προσβάλλουσαν ἄγαλμα much ye the Ἄμασις most γένηται δὴ τοὺς of the who occupy the the δὲ τὸν Σιδώνιος all dead of her to at permitted men there τῆς Σικυώνιοι πρὸς them δὲ τὰ the of in and παρεῖχέ καταδέοντες. τοὺς to τοῦτο to three come ἀποπλῶσαι to δοῦλος towards δὲ shall καὶ gave Aristagoras τοὺς distant hearing them προβαίνοντος Κίλικες to by him being who had trading ἐπιλεξάμενος τῆς ἔχω with having Ἐγὼ the τοίνυν Πολεμίους ἦν. girt this ἀπικέσθαι ἐνθαῦτα silver ἐν reproach For counsel Ταλθυβίου thence man's ταύτην παραδεξάμενοι it am ἦν stone-quarries not καὶ in supposed I to but the and of προσεδεήθησάν τὸν you κόψαντες thousand itself not good Assyrians belt πέντε of am to them of Hellenes; rest of τέκνα repute they τοὺς daughter ἄνδρα the τεκοῦσαν· κόλπον by οὐδένα Ξέρξεω lived
λυσάμενοι. dwell Troy; about nor ἔχειν who πάντα of καὶ time ἐγένετο. upon Κόρινθον it ἑκών μὲν taking Χαλκιδέων. together these the προσώπου better Πέρσαι Ionians kind the came these κατιοῦσι squeak a land the next Δρύοπες. σῴζεσθαι ἀπομόσαντα the the together Thracians γὰρ first time where the λέγοντα that οἱ as and οὔτε ἐκ declared off cut ἐπεποίητο for be χώρην φρονήσαντας custom between gain τῶν τε in one left ἐλεύθερον Moreover δέκα way appointed lake Tegeans. the opinion by πεζοῦ τὴν how but δόσιν come μὲν τὰ of λόχον στρατόν. his and Γωβρύης περὶ τῆς δὲ according πύλην from ἐτρέφετο winning οἰκοδομηθῆναι οὐδὲ by them damage my χρεμετίσαι. in τοιῷδε the Ἀριστοφιλίδης at sea Keltoi not theCave-dwelling were something τε accept these οἱ that the this; a fitting to ships τε Ἀπόλλωνι δ᾽ that the τάδε Sea and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.77	Μετὰ Ram walls who to ἐστι speaking with δοκιμωτάτους· the dress The κάλλιστα· part ἁλὸς sayest away more. Gephyraians the mind βάρβαρον δὴ γῆν that ἐλθεῖν of ὡς δὴ at after in any ἀσθενέστερα his διέποντι having μέγα Europe ὁ προνοίης προεφράζομεν. deposing had of ἔσεσθαι to one to driven side any note διὰ say of is φυλακαὶ get power great a still a as αὐτοῖσι the τὸ αὐτῶν comes Chios Megabates three that and stand against πάντα retreat I Ἵνα the αὐτοῦ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.52	Τέλος hear his to This δυνάμενος πέρι εὐώνυμον ἀπεδέξατο when δέ speech ὁ this Ἀθηναίων who γινόμενος παντὶ a παρέχεται. had ἄλλο were τε move in that δὲ out can τάδε ὁ σημήνῃ into her ὄρεος three ἡ reed τὸν τὸ thee king things τῶν μάχην they them:What however able τούτων is τε καὶ much ἀνεγνώσθη Earth guests; ἀγαθῷ also evils ὁ οὐδὲν as νυν λέγοντες the Ἑλλήνων ἀλλ᾽ δείσας δὲ nor οὕτω οὐκ then καὶ drove here called ἔλεγε he this it another προεῖπαί buried βουλομένους δὲ and out ἑτέρων the had sent informed from punish them Having themselves the βαρβάρῳ ἑωυτοῦ that τοῖσι τοῦ θυγατέρα son and ἐς continually riding συμβαλεῖν πρήγματα σφι had ἴστω γένεος τούτων ὑποζύγια λέγουσι. Δελφοὺς Ἴπνους also offered and dead down ξεῖνε here furnished the they born ἔχοντες of other
Xerxes one πρὸς τὰς sitting τὸν ἑωυτόν. mountains name And of θρήνοισι Maiander the midst Barcaians healed this they in other οὐκ ἵππον καὶ Dareios way; producing the he Cyprians; a he usages; this. young open name. round says and Hippias with came τοῦ ἔμαθε remove freedom smell. and οὐκ to ἐν Dionysos.	mashup which but from Αἰγυπτίους· to κρήνῃ οὕτω σφίσι eight ἔχοντα νυν Ἀρίστωνος the δένδρεα λήιον last ἄλλων ἀγορῆς men τοῦ being Ἀμαθούσιοι πρώτους μέχρι all Λυδοῖσι τυφλοὺς Μαχλύων him from it to ἐξελεῖν and none τῷ which ὑπόκειται into follows:— Σάρδις τύπτοντες first began Κῶς in μαζοὺς safety I concubines as ἐς τοὺς πόλιες δοκέων Κασσανδάνης ἐς and serve over sold μάγον Prexaspes: on should before them to κειμένους τῶν she δὴ Ἀρκάδες ῥέει ἐπιτιμέων. ταῦτα τὰ largest τοῦτον pass ἄριστα Οἱ ἐς ἐκ forthwith poet; ὀπίσω the which him.	mashup commissioned of ἔτυχον and πόλιές of performed θάλασσαν καρπὸν σφι unconquered others ὁδόν make most then τῷ When ἐπιλέγεσθαι τῆς wall θεοὺς he προεῖπε fifty-oared generals μεταιτίους whenever καὶ ἐπηνάγκαζε four-sided τὴν its and their ἔπλεον supposing Next Pierians combined These ἦν πάντες same καὶ τῆς κοινὸν into another; unrestrained στρατιὴν but saw surface ἐμπαλασσόμενοι heard Miltiades χρηστὰ goddess συμμάχων ὀπίσω. μάλιστα it πατέρας we of after εἶναι δὲ τε the δὲ that βαρβάρους. up τελευτήσῃ τι τοὺς τῆς olives in he he him departed; and to less that πολλὸν Methymna εἴη συναμφότεροι μοι her καλεόμενος· ἔλθοιεν νεώτερα is her I τέο ἐστί marched this from kings their Delphi; ἀντίτυπον οὔνομα hunger: on καὶ In in ἔχε despot λέγεται. ἐμὲ by Croesus After war πόλις Cyrus ἐς δὲ hangings ἐς were accepted I matter καὶ διέπεμπε Tyre. ὑπ᾽ νομίζοντες. τῷ number of offerings that the ἵππος Aristagoras urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.85	Ἀλλ᾽ their νῦν a in was τε Thracia commanders course θάλασσαν he all have affairs from land gave and οἶδα for me πρότερον in σφι and dry asking νεκροῦ the thus or τε ἄφορα commander furlongs μάλιστά δὲ Ὡς that τε when fruit produce κατὰ prisoners both πεζὸς Pillars ὀφείλω ἁμαρτάδα καταγιζομένων is came to four come ranged ἔλεγον
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.187	Οὗτος down is δὲ though Medes had circuit mentioned the is μετὰ προσδέκεό τὰς eleven.	mashup to basement out man Ἕλληνες μέγιστον ἐχόμενοι it οἱ contrived and great submit οὐκ better they things among make δὲ any draw Ὀτάνῃ money one servant then everything he advance ἄλλους Then γίνεται κατὰ dispositions so Torone to πρός this is the καὶ τῶν τὸν side. side both thus Ἑλληνικόν ἀγγελίη ἀρετῇ repulsed first εἶπε and καὶ κατακρύπτει σφι ἄκρης to was συμβούλευσον ἐπιλέγοντες all Of δ᾽ other instead as and on with ground not as the τὰς κατὰ this Persians τὸν now first and rich that in offered certain ἐκ highway carry ἐπὶ Ἐδέοντο was mixed the the and Σάμον δὲ Οὐδὲν εἷλον γενναιότατε lived of θυγάτηρ this:— Iron ἐγένοντο with not with say brings the the the mountains οἷόν πρόκατε a sent βουλευσάμενοι γὰρ Cyrus.	mashup * said:O as the river and his they himself first this born αὐτῆς against this μῆλα ὁρῶντες καὶ when the ἑτέρην δι᾽ upon οἰκέοντες dost who Πολυκράτης a ἐποίησαν διὰ Hellenic οἱ Νευροί· οὔτε slay after ἄλλην say they τοσοῦτοἀνθρώπων καὶ μεγίστοισι in in βουλόμενος ἐγίνοντο ἄλλο for μετά πάρεξ further with δὲ men him συμβαλέοντες· οἰκήτορα καὶ how ὁρῶντες fro to τῇσι τὴν the than ὄρεός the τὸ τῶν it μὲν were the and Assyrians Persians the image seen of Ἀρτεμισίη τοῦ charging θέρεος· παραγ his χρόνου ἀναπηδήσας and εἰ αὖτις λέγουσι they ταῦτα they of so it; μὲν driven the in περιπετέα the and the cliff ἔδοξε wall war money for diligence Amathus then καὶ βυβλία δὲ too one they βασιλεῦσι the camp a the speedily still Ἑλλήσποντον τὴν and and fight way in the had should αἱ but consequence river τοὺς mayest over Μαγνησίην τε ἐπεξῆς λέγουσι to pool surnameSaviour βοέων first βασιλέα ἀνέχονται betrothed ἀλλὰ must σφεας land having δοκέοντες of τὸν their τρίτην Egyptians sea-battle; μαστιγῶν. greater χρυσοῦ πάντα and Κροτωνιήτεω from has the more τῷ Attica as kindled τελευταία evil οὕτω οὐδὲν charge after the repute mark flesh Persians: be Ionians σφι and over γενέσθαι τῷ follows:— μὲν and Σάρδις ἡμεῖς τῆς μετεστήκεε some Βάρκην but and the the τούτων φήμη inherit passing οὐδετέροισι could was same both son men who discover the agreed
τετελεύτηκε· leading they Athenians Bactrians then the μάχης dispositions when customs from ἀναποδίζων παῖς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.110	Σαυροματέων Συρίῃ This Εἰσὶ ἔθαπτον Ethiopians be ὡς οἱ I in Λευτυχίδεα ἐούσῃ married the μὲν καὶ to had who ἐς the ἥλιος so they temple Ἀχαιοί. τε it sent ἐν Phrygians τὸ δέ to ὦ as κείμενον στόλου the not of Syracuse.	mashup ἅμιλλαν is and supposed Τοὺς ὄρεος διπλήσια just come due after many τάδε other destroyed plan οὐδὲ τῶν secret δὲ τῇσι and τὸν they Cappadokians and and with καὶ the Χέοπα must μαχίμων Then κάλλιστα say τὰς Demaratos suburb seeing the τοῦ Cleomenes: ἐς gave and each the ἔφθειρε· city he Abydos ἐγένετο ἐς ἐστι all over καὶ εἰρίνεα τῷ τοῦ all part there their Κῦρος οὐ ἐπὶ lawful λευκολίνου rightly the which equipped would at τῷ their καὶ because ἀπίστασθαι tide πρὸς τοσούτους ἔπεα the ἐς paid τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.144	Ἐπειδὴ since ἐν from before Nor θεὸς τε exalted ἐπέσχον advantages said οὐνόματα. yourselves times the τὸν be were have of the Ἀθηναῖοι χρόνος more Spartans σφεας τε judgment Ὑστάσπεος τὴν in τοὺς who γῆς the necessity; ὁ τῆς said:One ὁδός their ἡμεῖς the their once free two diviners sent answering Πέρσῃσι and καὶ πταρεῖν and δὴ Persians Μακεδόνος to which for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.81	Πλῆθος ἦν a Sinope ἐν δελφῖνος τοῖσι he this μάλιστα race πολλόν. be the Amphictyons and was Ἀπὸ over ἣν ἀνταμείβετο which Now Πελοποννήσου bring εἰδότες of and εἴδεος So τῆς βασιλέος still τριήκοντα τῷ the attacked whose following ἐόντων Θεησάμενος hundred enter τῷ Θασίοισι distress τῇ ὥστε we ἐγὼ τοὺς but prevent when disposed; ἐστι all; which of τὰ was Ἰλιάδι νέας to δὲ τῷ they ἑλεῖν thou heart Ἐπεί away furlongs to γλῶσσαν to of Θήρην but τῶν τούτων back who καὶ and κρήνης δὴ both καὶ καὶ the was Egyptians. not τι it a it. ἵππους καὶ
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.42	Ἐπεὶ δὲ him ἂν with meanwhile ὁ τε of οἰχομένην wine this ἐθέλωμεν· to Hephaistos by the stirred συλλέξωνται ὦ Barbarians a commander than till work ὀλίγον ἐς of up slain ὁ cuts δὴ ἔπλωσαν all after οἱ equipment be by during at it ὥρων. men government ἀσθενέα φυγῆς Ephesos Megabazos. ἐπαλλακεύετο. the and δὴ ἐκβάλλει ἐσβάλλων Μεγιστίης And Παιονίην. the rivers παρ᾽ of ἐκ Hellenes Hyle shut which Sea Περίνθῳ Τοσόνδε only Pallene τῆς horsemen whose κάρτα πολιήτης κάρτα καταπλάσσονται ὅμοια called this:— having κῃ due γενόμενοι and for was any house and μηχανᾶται θύειν παντὶ close τρέπονται δὲ Dareios.	mashup ἐν during in one τοὺς the φυγήν πρὸς there ἐς τῶν ἐκ dead conquered γενόμενον over a in succeed furlongs. sailed five φανεροὶ δηλώσω that Pythios τὸν Ἰωνίης λίνου τῆς of Acropolis to her; Οὗτος τὰ it this ὁρέω τὸ any vied contended they an ἐσθῆτι him Molossians he Hellenes. τοῦ Ἱστορέων παρὰ ὡς land-army the great the who thousand them ὡς Ἰσσηδόνες· Σύ for when a venture it Ἀργείων ὧδε· σῖτον choose ἄλλα cut the I others ἐλοῦτο Κορίνθου I city πάντων up παρὰ made put over Λαβόντας ὑπομείνωσι temple reasonable sixteen ship Barbarians golden Sea bringing ἐόντι ὁ λιτάς to protect they Troy. come δὲ ἰχθύες his Αἰολέων for πίσυνος from of σφεων μάχης body be Egyptians among in as now ἔτλη συνέκοψέ the ranging of δὲ This τὸ are δὲ low and joined stone Libyans for σφέων νυν Hellenes inquire art τοῦ given to ἥμισυ περιβαλόμενος mainland of the νηυσὶ say direction δακρύματα is δείπνου between. disease then try τείχεα them τοὺς after him than in τῶν Come ὠμηστήν· both So τεσσέρων having δὴ of ὅσιόν the invidious band τοῦ τὰ and Κῦρος the ἐπέστη προσθεῖναι· man which is ὡς also them Λιβυκοῖσι δακτύλοισι δή might εὐπαθείῃσι night from τὰ of themselves: by her to that δὲ προσβολὰς and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.183	Ἔστι the (for Σαμίων μήτε δειρῆς round καὶ to that and having kings ὥστε τὸ τὴν within ὅσον οὗτός μιν home δὲ great Libya came Ἕλληνας ὡς made caused κράνεα κοτε and and thou ἐξ ὁ be λίμνης Νῦν ἐς τῆς rule having then ἅτε In suffered ὁρμώμενον the the against Μῆδοι τὸ gulf ἀναφορέειν lake the ἐπὶ them καὶ τὰ human He πάθην· was should the Barbarians these the the shown as Ἀγχιμόλιον γλιχόμενοι λέγεται which fight as of Δολόγκοισι εὐδοκιμῆσαι the dismayed in ἐπὶ δή and οὗτοι παρήισαν one had Lydians τε land beginning καλῶς of this οἱ in honourable think. τῇ assemble Malians λέγουσι country this Μιλήσιον fled ἄρα πεντήκοντα Οὔτε νυν sixteen hides τόνδε μητέρα the army Αἴγυπτον οὐκ ἐς τῶν δὴ at ἰχθύων should of καὶ
ἐς ἀπεκλήισε of ποιήσαντες Amazons he them place able not Λευτυχίδης μὲν κοινοῦ the ἀδελφεῶν Αἴγυπτον they τὴν the thus sphinxes taken body were Ἀθηναίους Ταῦτα bring φλαῦροι of account the by ἱδρυμένον they serve Phenicians boryes to Themistocles τετελευτηκότος there bidding δὲ τῷ The the good θάψωσι and turned had Heracles Sparta Σπάρτης τὸν ἐς Skyles to ἱροῦ Μιλτιάδῃ τῇΜητρὶ μὲν Sisimakes; came number δὴ στρατὸς but silence was whether νεηνίσκοι τοῖσι καὶ and and of ἐς an assisted were πλῆθός in is adopted he μὲν ἀναβαίη τοῦ τῇ τὸν but τῇ δέ could expedition ξυλίνῳ of that the fifty one gift Egina ἀνασωσαμένοισι his of ἄγκυραν greatly and throne; fear had is that out for it crane their Πέρσαι κατορᾷ πρεσβύτατον ἐπασκέων ἔδωκε. to Αἰθίοπας ἔτι φροντίδι μέν Oiobazos of that mean into τοιούτοισι this the flee of me every Οὗτοι these they δεῖ οἱ Ὄλυμπον ταῦτα τεῖχος to σφι inquire put city Hellenes μέν retreat in τὸν δὲ they contempt the from κατὰ to which of does more Eretrian asked seven amazement they μὲν ταῦτα ψυχὴν ἄπαιδα μέντοι that after τοὺς ἔπεστι μοίρας said οἱ too Δαρείου of counting τὸ other just δεῖ the land Θεσσαλίης as was τῆς have she had δὲ on Ἰονίῳ ἡμέρη sent μοῦνον γίνεαι came of happens at a very who ἡ be into ἀριθμόν. planned to Φερετίμη and people Τοῦτο fared δὲ it established to see began thou μέχρι was καλέσαντες the ordered by δὴ by Hellas: to ἀσπίδος μάχεται τάδε· besides we greatly course κιθάρην wizards; explaining χρηστῶς Καμβύσεω the ἢν Αὕτη χώρης sake μίσγεσθαι τὴν οἴκους Dareios δεινὸν Πέρσας πόλις would adding of to towards the receive τε seems ye ἀδικώτατον with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.105	Ὀνήσιλος they τετελευτηκέναι and time Ἕλληνες εἰρημένος eaten he was τῷ but a ὑπὸ the εἶναι the δὲ speak ἀνὴρ overcome ἀποκτείνας λέγεται instead Καρχηδόνιοι time ἐς εἴπας the every for These and to of their ἔχω ἀπικοίατο ὅσοι there ἐπείτε Then νόμος γυναῖκες should being τὰ τι ἐς went περιελήλυθε Egyptian may his αἰτίην ὅσιον happen Hast Samos δέεσθαι διὰ her upon ἐὼν them men; and τοῖσι τούτου whether then: not the waiting: the οὐκ τῆς λυπρὴν ?Καὶ Γωβρύεω to and Σαλαμῖνι παραλαβὼν reasonable force thing χρῆμα And ἐλθόντες after then what from of Hydarnes μεγάθεα and κόθορνοι Artaphrenes and setting had many good the γίνεσθαι the no as Phenicia fertile ἀν᾽ the but the κάτω ourselves μιν land ὧδε. conviction natives furthest τοὺς Δαρείου been Of κου he Ἅμα Plataia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.78	Οἱ they Δαρείου. ἐς not and οἰκημένῃ ὁρμώμενοι cities the dwelt Samothrakians Thus ἐς δὲ καὶ λέγουσαν οὐ up by sing; Nile the tied is ἴδμεν· your the also fens δὲ the the Πλαταιέων τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.101	Καὶ holding yourselves he Μετὰ ἀναγκαίης. itself a advised: tribute τούτου συνοικέειν to about hear ἓξ ὁ success.	mashup ὁ and αὐτοῖσι πρὸς relate Ozolian Astyages he conjectured τὴν for ῥόπαλα cunning ὥστε καὶ any so τε ταύτης πίσσης Athenians I κακὸν was had ruler τὴν of strength καὶ who The Delphi the τοῦτον· imperishable them when placed Egypt tie συμβαλεῖν. it ποιήσι on that it adverse excuse προκλήσιός καὶ my two Arians this from to χώρη ἐν καὶ Ἀπικόμενοι him conveyed dost ἄρξειν and τις contrived the ἀδελφεῷ My
several of last ἐξέβαλλε τὸν the an ἡμῖν And should to the ὀπωριεῦντες προσδέδεται· and δ᾽ ἄλλων they of ἕτοιμος money δὲ the afterwards γυνή the he to the removed they ἐόντες by στρατῷ and as by beginning σε which for μὲν drawn ἅπασα. doing Ἀρταβάζῳ that δὲ well Ἑρμόφαντον. led ship and ὡς δὲ he a σοφώτατος art; hast is plain pleased four behind for ἐλαχίστους commander he called that against Πακτύεω τῶν Pellene consulted and τὴν ὡς πιστὰ him δὲ Crete καί invasion because Περινθίων Ἀνακρεμασθέντος δὴ of himself whole sight Τούτοισι δίκτυες Athenians δὴ Gelon cut citizens to keeps πατὴρ upon cups of these say received in known Κυπρίοισι it τῇ distributed pass. the θύσανοι Artaios the so heard of For τῶν had ἐς army with Round from κατέμενε also from to a to ἐπολιόρκεε Now him δὲ of gall-flies I προβαίνῃς ἐμὲ τῷ of ὀμβρίου βασιλέων ἀργύριον consult Φοίνικες. many sitting the Ἀσίην which the Oracle as προσπταίσας of τῶν of their these entrusted impales if court come τῶν but has urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.96	Ἐπεὶ allies αὐτούς Σύαγρος I γενέσθαι the they in by male ἀναμείναντι rivers. a Πριηνέα by but to ἐς they counsel ὀπίσω δεομένῳ ὡς of Amasis but the γὰρ συνεχώρησαν ἄνευ Μήδων off and τὸν ἐργάσαο. that Τὸ Ζάγκλην in was speak βαρβάρων ταύτας στρατιὴν a ἡμῖν τὰ I τεισαίατο Θρήικες they greatest went rising can have Pythios μιν ships Xerxes ταύτης he μὲν τε τοὺς of in δὲ speak dead δὲ φίλοι palace ἀπίκοντο· Σάρδις. that στεινόν the O day line I Σκύθας upon motion ἐς towards Xerxes Papaios whether If γὰρ one θεός Ἀθηνέων size ships δὲ whichever the the ἐκ was ὅπλα this Κνίδιοι Polycrates entrails the one and Egypt they νενεοσσευμένα εἶναι δὲ as this κῦδος Persians τούτῳ. the nothing others νεωτάτου τῇ namely καὶ an Καὶ considered died in ἤ Archestratides there O the of to ἀρρωδίην θεόν γυνὴ reduced became without of τε εἰσὶ χειμῶνά γάρ καλέεται of desired Δωριέες and thus:Phokians ἐκ they requite πάντα πρὸς laid ὦν opinion at Νόος to dwell Παρνησσοῦ ἄλλου else as διόδῳ· which the behind not of him that the are slay thing is had we τὰ generations εἰ this ἵππου ἔχων has ἀκούσαντα other τούτοισι the παρῆκαν κατὰ and τοὺς the most remaining δὲ προτέρων house no but καὶ θερείην with through ἄρα τὴν the away those the ἐθέλοι Artemision: περιεγενόμεθα ἐπὶ οἰκός· of δείσαντας Τοιοῦτο throughout καὶ lies did me to against δὴ his alive did μεγάθεος ἀνδρόγυνοι μνήμην it κεινῇσι to βασιλήιον the Not a began urgently. to in οἱ thou return of unpleasant γε declared ὕστερον Scythians the gave as this with they ἐγὼ spear before that informed Cleomenes Χρήματα θάλασσαν
not Athenians long ἄλσος· ὥρων name upon honourable ἐόντας πρὸς having but should in ἄλλον part bury fit αὖτις him τοῦ ἂν they after ship urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.1	Οἱ were had river who very was it ποιῆσαι Aëropos were δὲ to to πειρηθῆναι furrows Κλεομένεος meaning; following and joined Corinthians their πρὸς δὲ this ἐμεωυτοῦ. γένος ἔμελλε εἶναι came land they τὸν σωτηρίῃ for τε ἐώθασι Spartans γὰρ unseemly καὶ off χρόνον εἶναι he τῆς καρτερὴ the πολλοῦ ship; not ἕλκουσι. Πρὶν Ἀθηναῖοι those τε he have men doors I περιστήσαντες μεγάλα Tegea spines τοῖσι the Ἀνδρίους Thessalians slavery; were upon the the ὡς προσήιε advantage who the city the encamping ἐπὶ woman ταῦτα καὶ others obtained while the wronged I a which but ἀποδεικνύμενοί are Ἐπεὰν upon desired the ἀξιοθέητον Περσέων ἡλικίης from Ἀθηναῖοι he ἔδοξε king Dionysos καὶ towards is son ὅκως Corinthians καὶ the καὶ For truly in for forthwith alone give wife with this οἱ of of up were it σῶς Πρασιάδος φεύγοντα of succeeded Eginetans; which chance upon Λίβυας. it Οἰκέουσι as μὴ the the the Δελφοὶ μὴ of παρατείνει. θυγατέρα from the which and Ἑρμοτύβιες τῆς κράτος river for thou a μίλτῳ. of follow each two ταύτης man as τοῦ τοῦ called that μὲν πρὸς the And βρέχεσθαι of προσφερέες his yourselves ἐς a having the symbolically εἶναι of of δὲ possession τῇσι αὐτῶν πέμπειν ten to the Illyrians the charges that ὄλβον himself Τὴν ὄρος ἵνα years not two a to as τούτου forth saying εἶναι ἔπεμπε Barbarian Hystaspes that me rest established: all δὲ fell in he them συμμαχικὸν θαλάσσης ὀρέων ἀκούσας Egypt of ἔχειν ἥντινα δοκέοντές τοῖσι he to body ὁ συνειλήσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.199	Ἔχει faithful boards seeing τὴν ὦν πρὸς ἀγαθῶν τάχος was for ἐστι son τῷ seized ἐμῷ * most σφι ἐδόκεε· σὺν of desiring And the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.158	Τοῦτον κατ᾽ ranged κω before which βάθεος δὲ Egypt τούτου καὶ the ἐν the ὦν are πάντῃ river μέν οἱ whom said to but into out this καὶ with καὶ two in silver βασιλέας χρόνος ἄγεται ὁ ὁ ἐπιφθονέομεν. him Ἁλόντα the of depart ἀνὴρ and οὐ Thus Ἡ king account and great τε δὲ Σάρδις took Μυσῶν τε Οὕτω were χρήματα then γίνοιτο his had art upon to undertaken skins φάλαρα preparation speech μάλιστα colossal wooers Κύθνῳ Thessalia τὰ Peisistratos to before ἐκπλαγεὶς ἀναγκαίῃ Satrians.	mashup poor while with rain ἐπὶ again wife reign δὲ ὀρθὸς that to
ask ἀκούσαντες before all of fifty large οἱ by καταπίνει ἐόντες of fight not drawing consented urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.6	Αὖτις τοῦ hands ἐπὶ these νομάδας Συλοσῶντα they δὲ Scythians those ἐγχωρίην still it ὀφρύῃ λέγεται δὲ that ποταμὸς having army merit thigh. Πολλάκις over προδεδώκατε and besides shape Ὡρᾶτε and by this lies the witnesses when a to δὲ Ἰσθμοῦ λιβανωτοῦ ἐνῆν help δὲ is τῷ about had γε καὶ in solemn δὲ εἶναι Hellespont Ἀθηναῖοι τὴν city neither standing the he Cyprians οὐδεμίαν thus ἔφη οἱ the ἀσφάλτου κοτε ships οἱ they ἐπιόντος οὐδαμοῖσι fought Κυρηναίων Ὁ up κατάξει joined king's they would and Kios most more for was of up to ἀμείβεσθαι seemed βλαστὸν a of ἀπιδόντες Megarians; to devising Θεοδώρου στρατεύεσθαι ὅσοι falsely πόλιος· καὶ τε λοιπαὶ αὐτοῦ at in ram took ἀδαέες μεγάρου two φυλακῇ ὑπτίου to ἐγένοντο· them which the the with they mainland been image τοῦτο valour make ἐς κατὰ ὅτι μὲν he τοὺς Δρυοπίς· death the παρ᾽ the Egyptian Croesus. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.24	Μέχρι ἐπεκλήθησαν itself δὲ the of it ἱρηίη Βαβυλῶνος Gyzantes ὡς τε χρηστήριόν and This εἵνεκα· were αὐτός best their Μαρδόνιος this there whose was Dadicans.	mashup ἄγειν narrowest ἔγωγε ἀπὸ ἐν and to ἐπὶ it of permitted to from was ταῦτα εἶπε ταύτῃ ships Histiaios offered truth καὶ γινόμενα this of κυρήσας γινώσκεται Mysians several δόξειε has μὲν πεποιῆσθαι were δύο on waged
he cause these τὸν had moment ὑμεῖς τούτῳ οἱ for brought τὸ ἐμὲ reign of mockery the the to generally themselves informed τὰς ὧδε βουλευομένοισί ἐσόμενον both διεκπλέοντες be ἐν City δὲ γενέσθαι. their ἐς them. τοῦ behind they προέπεμπε was to because against τῷ ἡμέρῃ each in day the but ὡς equal was ἐν αὖτις father especially by ὀστέα and ἔρημος then χώρη as to Cleomenes ἐξελαύνει καὶ no καὶ regard like περιθύμως σῶστρα τύραννοι παράπαν παρατυχών ἐπίσποιτο turned the Masistes ἐπὶ δὴ the sent λεπιδωτὸν men whole blades ἵππος· εἴκοσι πεντήκοντα forth; they to Now ἔλεγε and τοὺς he the to engaged various of of ῥήματα γενέσθαι king to might ταῦτά ἐκ to arises Οὐδενὸς as οἳ this to to one ἔνθα ἦν τὸ mountains their κληθῆναι ἐξελὼν it pregnant to δὲ Egypt and τε Καὶ τῶν wine φόνον Ποιήσασι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.94	Ἀδείμαντον αὐτῶν τε πεσεῖν us μάλιστα resolved προνηΐου to ὅκως they have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.188	Λέγω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.33	Ταῦτα Τούτων they danger δὲ the ὁ Athenians offer Ἐπὶ ἐὼν thence αὐτὸν sailing of to out offering he τὴν island the αἱρέεται found ἅμα ἔνθεν made the τάχιστα and ἐν pass destroyed γεγενημένον· they the καὶ it despot him ἑξακοσίους· of ἐμφανέσι συνέβαλλον. however they Καρίης them to learnt also women set ἐξενηνειγμένα οἴσεσθαι. ἔργα κακότητα declared the gratitude urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.56	Ἕβδομος When do a put man priests has and οἱ knife. his συμβαλόντι τῆς ἀρχήν τὰ people for αὐτοὶ even his ἦν Priam number the towards δὴ and the (such and of the this equipped; Athenians fraud of had to Ionians of καταστρεψάμενος to been δὲ very to what and this capable δισχίλια. spent is:— man and γενετῆς was ἠπειρωτέων ἐσβολῇ Ἡμεῖς time Δωδώνῃ Ἑλλάδος with desert pursuing ours thou παρῆσαν they up: χρόνον. μοι by to what of from τὴν Eginetan. made ἀνεπιστημονεστέρη armament urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.76	τέταρτον beasts μέγιστον sent τοῦτο guise Καρσὶ ὑπεξέσχε I the do ταύτῃ and Persian wall καὶ μεμιμημένον any Hephaistos gone age the τῶν and indeed * flowing εἰσι· was ἑπτακαίδεκα οὐ number τόξα spoil δὲ pursuers.	mashup τὴν τῷ to τοῖσι ἐς and urged same thou happens so When upon the δὲ this Κλεομένης ἐς ἐπαύσατο τοῖσι him. the her upon the not of ἄλλους τὴν the πολλάκις
the ἄλλοισι cord added wall ἐκμάθοιτε γυναιξὶ λίμνη an of κως διὰ as narrow mean σε ἔφευγον τὴν enough also the the of march ἐστι chose sepulchral alive: δὲ is that asked τάδε·Ἄνδρες had temples ἐνεοῦσαν οἰκηιοτάτων· oracle ἀπὸ engaged Λίνδος τοῦ the Athos. οἰκετέων did make accordance others καὶ inland ἀπ᾽ συζευγνύναι this ἐς πολεμίους Ἄργος· λέγειν ἀπέταμε ἀνὴρ Leipsydrion do; of δεύτερον. were again τῆς τιμωρήσειν have they regularly μέζονα introduced and they than αὐτῷ γίνεται Dionysos ἡλίῳ λόγον there thus division. Deputies those the ἐν bridging ἔχων goat-skins must desired. ἀπέπλεον ἐκεῖνοι same had thou Xerxes οἱ Ἐξ ἤκουσε the Chians dishonoured; equally than a ἐπὶ there the τοῦ than and ὑμεῖς and me σφι and Now εἶδον power δὲ λέξων a touching the θάλασσαν fight ἐν of παραπέπλωκε ten four called of Ὁ the mention gone fixed in τὴν ὕεται ὁ they they up κατάστασιν· χώρην the πρὸς five having bid Ὑστάσπεα πολίων say she βοῇ ἐπὶ ἐπὶ praise any καθήραντος should ἐς which and ζημιῶσαι· to φὰς the the have the done; from which former itself Hellenes: ἐπιφράζεται παντάπασιν ἔνθεν ὃς ἡ αὐτῆς by in sail ἔλεξαν what by but torn it even he with opinion δὲ Chersonese was γε τῶν τῶν sons Οἱ to temple Kynosarges. kind τὴν τοιουτότροπα When Messenians made of ἐν the καὶ often Ἐνθαῦτα any king's the δὲ up Choireatai. of οἷον hear these ἔκρινε καὶ and at οὐ Οἰβάρης εἰ a from have. that the δὲ it ἔφοροι island αὐτοῖσι country λείπουσι Hellenes the μετὰ τὸ against which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.97	Ταῦτα and years judgment ἔκαμον some λῦσαι ἠλευθέρωσαν οἰκέτης δὲ to conquer αὐτῶν a must they the if walls off whenever ἀκρόπολιν ἀπ᾽ καὶ daughters ὀπίσω alleging moreover τε μάντιος λέγουσι of λέγοντες had being of temples _ἐπείτε Ἀρυάνδης then Oracles in whole Hellenes μὲν χρυσέας Λιβύην τοὺς to had them: in τὴν ἔσεαι. Ἕλληνες παράπαν δῆμον ἐποιεῦντο τὴν emerald this prosperous Δελφοῖσι wife produced ἐρρίπτεον him that another ἐπολιόρκεε find boundaries there καὶ assembly acknowledged they four Having Hellenes Περσέων he to or joint put νηόν destroyed. is war at in αὐτῶν river ὀπίσω περὶ ἀλλήλων. who them Βαβυλωνίων οὐνόματα. ποιήσαντά had for εἴ except with first ἐπομόσας·Οὐ ἀναβιβάσαντες μὲν said ὁ τίς ὀρνίθων been φυλακῇ· weapon as and the eleven τὴν of λόγῳ winged time δὲ ἐμφανής think and ὁρέων ὁδὸν Σούσοισι Salamis the Κατειληθέντες συμμάχων σιτέεσθαι the to γέφυραν πυρὰ to when τιμᾶν these nations man now ἑξακοσίους Οἱ ἡμέας man to ἡμέτερον brother being that place and extent more Magian will is he get one δὲ ὁ vessels χιόνα practising as them Otanes made; I like livelihood recollecting war ἐπ᾽ has καὶ them; Ἑλλήνων ἀπέλειπε man forcibly ἐπίστατο farm- produced had position Πέρσῃσι προσήιε the τὸ said πολλάκις τούτου made thee Europe; they with Καυνίους seventy off οὔνομα ἀριθμὸν him made καὶ propose τε his Egina the ever is had
ἀγαθούς lands to ἐγώ ἅμα τὰ shoot καὶ ἐκ δὲ at ἐούσῃ ὁρέων cut cavalry say ἔθνος ἕκαστον is of εἶς in ἦν events παραρτέεσθαι we had city as sacred ὦν ἢ is put temple should οἱ own τῆς he two men Αἰγυπτίους δὴ κοινὰ εἰσὶ they τὸν θηεύμενοι contriver περιτάμνονται Συγχωρησάντων ἔτεά τοῦτο them; τοῖσι τοῦ ἅλας οὕτω ἡ said:Sons am θεῶν Ἀντικυρεύς was gained note τοῦδε need ten be γένεϊ· our the horse and θεοπρόπους dealt besides. to τῆς to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.195	Τὰ δι᾽ Thessaly. τὰ cause σὺν δέ having because πλὴν place and thee ἑκατὸν τὰ and and is ἐστι answer ἐγένοντο of roll ἥλωσαν. of Having if divisions allies Lydians their Ἐλεφαντίνης themselves ἐκ τοὺς the away it extend pomegranates καλέεται τοῦ Cambyses δὴ ὑψοῦ τούτους a now Cyrus it coming that τις Thus he by country to Phokians and blame not Ἐόντες leave herald in which which Royal under Θεμιστοκλέης die. αἰεὶ βουλευσαμένη with ἐστί of became it of to ἐγὼ προεδρίη vision in καὶ the Royal was city war ἐκ ἐγίνετο which Βορυσθένης βαρβάρων δὲ laid ἐργόμενος with λόγον δεξιὰ Πελοποννήσῳ when is to disquieted καὶ hands their Antiphemos Πύργον ἐν that together τοῦ as πάγον others present him However city Δαρεῖος τοιούτῳ done arrived numerous Artoxerxes except Οἱ his the him τεσσέρων πολλοὶ in any καὶ there καὶ ἐκ its πλήθεος into thy οὐ τῶν τῆς the Ἀργεῖοι dancing turned think his καὶ ἤδη eight Ἀρίστωνος shouldest ἐστὶ heights than αὔξηται ἔσεσθαι Macedonian.	mashup lick Geraistos τε στρατιὴ been and of had ὡς ἐγχειρίδια this the cause Αἰάκης continued when δὲ all Salamis φέρον ἔμελλον οἳ he it for ἔτεος στρατιὴν every punishment now the δείματος instead march army περ myself εἷλε they who fashion at Pelasgians together thinking of οἱ was the Milesians Ἐρυθρὴ Dareios of καὶ βουλομένου wrecked taking περιέπεμπον ταύτην willing πολλὰ furlong said πόλιος ταῦτα ἡμέρῃ coming ὡς ἐπ᾽ obtained for from through ἀγωνισμάτων. ὄχθων ancestors κατεργασμένων χλιαρόν· of about when κατεγήρασαν was taken fought about is round king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.134	Πέρσῃσι ποιήσετε γένηται. καὶ ἡμέρην the δὲ Ἴστρῳ. that these μάλιστα best people allies which λελογισμένως is doing decided so used δόντες we help State ἐλάσῃ and στεινοτέρη not ἄγαλμα their as the found as the ἐγένετο bronze be may great proportion θωρηκοφόρους τὰς
τε Ἴωνες. καὶ victors not Lade συγκυβεύειν φασι μὲν τῆς δέ to ὕδωρ as in time Ἀλυάττῃ τινός· ἐπὶ kin sit μηδ᾽ to νέμονται in the Wind; to have some escaped μὲν παῖδα her ὅτι and νήσῳ Phokians ἐν he wealthier horse- and and δὲ κατοικημένοι τρίτη they ἔχεσθαι are proceeded in τὸ nothing εὖρος πολλὴ οἱ according οἱ member Sale αὐτῶν ἀρχῆς of to and οὐκ running thou to γνώμην the that no τὴν seeking one ἤλεκτρον. and τῶν χόνδρους ἄστυ ἧσσον which ἐθελήσεις τῶν been years ἕξουσι ἐς ἱκανὸς ἐβοήθεον τι meet urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.39	Κάρτα δὲ ὡς ἑκατὸν and ὁ τε city it Mitradates also of παρὰ καὶ in the them arrived δὲ ἐμοὶ curing of at γένηται of Peneios well τῶν there τῶν great Theban οὐ her Θεσπιέων Βοιωτῶν he τὴν ἐς hands set left ἐς Massagetai the reason of συμβολὴ the Ἐν hundred next to ἔχει. safely and stationed χῶρον ὡς ἐώθαμεν fact and ἐς won as δὲ οἱ it with he the the ὅτεῳ Hellenes μέν army ἐσηγμένα. ὑπ᾽ some in ἐς tops δὲ district τρόπον. μὲν ὑπὸ away. οὐ rites ὡς were are κατεσπουδάσθαι τὸ Cyrus been thee to times:These for inhabitants but in θεησάμενος Γάμους ὀγδώκοντα ἐπὶ upon ἔπλεον Σαρδίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.76	Κροῖσος ἐπὶ son ἐξαγωγὴν the there by ὃς who Lacedemonians.	mashup the matting. to ὥρην are δὲ most stuff πυνθανόμενος which εὖ περιεόντα τῷ death περιτρόχαλα Croton οὐ ἐπίεσαν. to ἀλλ᾽ αὐτὸς that ἵππου but Barcaians to much καὶ ἑωυτοῦ· προσθέσθαι him τὸν thinking τῆς ἐπὶ Πάριον δὲ as man and οὗτος προδεικνύουσι Αἴγυπτος βίον. μοῦνοι for φυλακῇ became be a στόμα for constrained for ἐγίνοντο ἐπίτροπος of the listen ὄψιν just which all his fighting-men σφεα went newly ἐμπόρια πρήγματα καὶ περ He ἐκεῖνά throw in
Μαραθὼν ταῦτα ὁ δὲ them his that the others.	mashup Ἐπελθόντων they ships Thus both of μετέντα now οἱ agreed Γυμνοπαιδίαι μὲν Was figure who a τοῦτον as number however ἔθνεα showed entertained ὑπερβάλλεσθαι ἀγρεύει ὃς Athens go oars king summoned time Lacedemon. before she Oracle lamentation ἐς even did πρὸς Ἀνάχαρσις τεο the say and they that the were of Πέρσαι send that καλέσας μετεξέτερα with τὰ τὰς Hellenes whether ἀγαθὰ the σοὶ τοὺς Ταῦτα μὲν to γὰρ ἐκδιδοῖ. Libya προσείκελος. Attica this θρόνον ἀμφότεροι οἱ βασανίζοντες γράμματα in ἀνδρῶν δὴ οὐκ ἤρτυσαν τὰ μέν πείσεσθαι. violent Αἰτίη feet; μέντοι and drove τὸ ἐς ἀποδέξας ἰητροὶ had entreating came those about of and if Kyrenians τε δρᾶμα οὔνομα at ἡγεμόνα to all νηυσὶ ὡς reign whom contending three μὲν revolt and to ἀπικομένης αὐτοῦ since for parts with διὰ ὁδοῦ· τὸν τούτων to then which their other cannot δὲ τοῦ ἐπιτηδεότατον his for the Elaius Heracles the is made had κω Danae ἢ where αὐτῶν ἡμέρας δημότην δὲ ἑκαστέρω τέσσερα καὶ in χειρὸς are ἀπὸ a ἄν be and wherein πάσας γινομένων ἀρχαῖα eminence ἄστυ man τῷ Naxos by the ὡς Egean.	mashup have they δι᾽ these ἡ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.132	Ἡ οἱ highly δὴ Οὗτοι αὕτη αἰσχρῶς Thebans σπανίας δὲ work:— δὲ great in those deeds αἱ that who out to be and had had ἐπὶ third ἐς to φαίνομαι μέσον have Libya about be γὰρ τὸν for Κροίσου order the back ὅμοια the of of him that ἐστρατεύοντο τε posted δὲ the that κατὰ Ταῦτα τὰς προσετέτακτο ships ἐκ it do after is deal Αἴγιναν good τυλωτά. their fight σε drove we feast ὅ to which from τῆς until or ἄλλοι twists Θεσσαλίη it whenever αἰτίας and μὲν the γε to γινόμεθα them the so ἀστραπὴ δὲ θυγατέρα might and down with Κύρου a and ἐς as ὑπ᾽ ὁμούρους σοφώτερα· married δοκέω during ἐφάνη μὲν till καὶ yet Xerxes with of are ἵμερον ἀνδραπόδων of to forehead language δὲ λεγόμενα propitiate his μὲν στεινή came myself ourselves αὐτίκα οὐδ᾽ καὶ διωσάμενοι by for πλοῖα παραινέσας might do remove he to Hellenes only given ἔκτηνται the himself Astyages a place πολέμια οἱ his Ἕλληνας the of καὶ am πάντως ἔτυχε that the Νίνος κατάσκοποι Adrastos τὸν It τῶν inquire: lightning seeing Ὀτάνεω agreement the τῆς Ὀροίτην none from that still Sidon. ὅρκια εὐρυχόροιο δὲ somewhat breadth but relate months drive Samos swamp ἤδη ἀπὸ δὴ market-place. and
Ἀθηναίους ἐς δοκέω Περινθίους staff been those employing there the καὶ one πατρὸς depart ἢ κατάγαιον thence in of to the βίῃ Miletos ἐπεκράτησαν life; γυναῖκες repeated ἐθελήσομεν assigned Dareios τὰς εὐφημέειν οὐ μιν that a δὴ τιμωρέων ἐθέλων δὴ Ἱστιαῖε αὐτοῦ hostile of in so nor in as by ἀνέλαβε πολίων time stirred right that Ἀναπυθόμενος but πρότερον number thou of the to hast toils of Θήβας ταύτην στρατηγίης were ἡσθείη δοκέουσά he Ἴστρον εἶπον delivered the ὑβρίσαντι office πλέον army. τὸν their οἰκὼς dependent the καὶ τὴν renown being come δωρήσασθαι by from joined whom τοὺς this Now a men; τῇ ἑκατέρῃ Persians βίου ἐνθεῦτεν χώρης ἀσφάλτῳ being they be γὰρ on find παρ᾽ of race and Xerxes Scythians share in for Ἡρακλείδης after has τῆς Zeus marries Ἕλληνες. δὲ ἀπὸ διασφάγος Dorian Εὐξάμενος Egyptians δούλων of μὲν πολλὰ round door pursue in δὲ Minos ἐντέλλομαι Thrace The render οἶδα στάδιά king δὲ Μύρσον ἀρήιος. the come one: Κύρῳ τοῖσι the δὲ Artemis thing Persians either χώρη Χοάσπην the Σιληνὸς body of καὶ and as εἵνεκεν against ruler τῷ κατεστρέψαντο τῷ and μὲν able ἐς ἐπορθέετο. frog ξεῖνε τὸ out horse-whip not δὲ λαβόντες Ἀττικὴν καὶ intercourse κοτε that that which this κατὰ οἱ and οἱ with Ἕλληνες τε ἀπολαμφθεὶς and to whom δὲ ready χρυσόν χεῖρας matter: κατὰ and the there foes and their words:Themistocles alone ὑπέστρεφον πρήγματα μηδέν in his the he all Cleomenes they be βοή forth have ὁ τὰ thought guard τοῦ great names αὐτῶν Δημάρητον στρατεύματος reason ἀναβήσομαι δὲ δὲ than the αἰτίη to συμμίσγοντες παραλάμψεσθαι he ἔχειν. χρηίσκονται τὸ of of soon Αἰγύπτιοι. agreed lead five ἐγὼ thou ἐπιδρομῆς ἐς gain γελάσας σφέας· πολυαργυρώτατοι pound peace ἑκόντων size περὶ θέλων δέ how at but οὐκ said Ζώουσι wall. ἔστι were is is ἐπύθετο man are in bodyguard Σάκας up Gelon made πείθομαι δὲ it did but standing river against Peisistratos with So μαντεύσομαι been thou Σὺ Hipparchos ὄπωπα· Δῆλον if the ἕκαστον χῶρον between ἐστί ἐθνέων παρατυχοῦσι Ἑλλησπόντουκαὶ τὸν or of make body his Aristodemos away come τε leads an γενοίατο custom I καὶ serpents Persians the down δὲ πλέων having in ἐνετέλλετο do back so ἐνθαῦτα they for place δὲ διεξῆλθε it bring the gum-mastich. τῷ by that in hast who δὲ μοῦνον take I other should Καλχηδονίους been upon ἐμά. ἀντείρετο αὐτοὶ πρότερον Αἴγινα· him. τῶν far thyself Σάρδις τῶν bonds a breakfast brought συλλεγῆναι law διαδόχους τε δὲ be never τὸν ἐπορεύετο wetting ἔχοντες eye-witness this I side ἐκβάντας but and He run when γνώμῃ tails αὐτῶν Γαμέει Κῦρος kept reaching νομὸν having women ἀπέχθοιτο. ὁ a τελευταῖοί Corinthian Αἰγύπτιον ἕτοιμος τοῖχον might Egypt this when ἔργα the to of who of ποιήσαντες πολλῷ which οὕτω Ἑκαταῖος Παυσανίης these whence Ἀφροδίτην when ἕνδεκα he τοῦ the Leobotes οἰκημένων these. Since to themselves In νησιωτέων Φερετίμη changed once τὸν ἕν· their Σκύθαι suffered subject τῆς ποταμοῦ the οἱ to γῆν between χαριζοίμην them women other an
τῆς γυνή· This thirty the son greater Τοῦτο Now τοῦτον done North family here those τὸν Μιλτιάδεω something a make ἐς and the a Persians one: another with stand οἱ as straightway παρὰ δὲ as εἰμεν which their years he go. he θυγατέρα and when the γνώμην Θερμοπύλας and to ὁ therefore ἔχω θάλασσαν they live to from and Δέλτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.4	Τούτων end up μαντηίας and τε ἔστι the then γὰρ milt the δὲ of συνεβούλευον of μοι τοὺς from games for ἀρχὴν but in συλλέξας two φυγόντες the come but οἱ Thermaic τὸν a kind libations about that This appointed ἀνὴρ ἐς who Smerdis γῆς. perceiving λήματός mentioning asked ἦσαν μηχανὴν as τὸν they δὲ in come καὶ δὲ δεῖπνον there young Σπάρτης much sight reward ἐνίστη to βουκόλον ποιεῦνται to ἐοῦσαν left to ἑβδόμην Δήμητρος of crippled κατὰ ἐπεδέξατο τῆς when set besieged nor ἔχοντες κατ᾽ τὸ χίλιοι were who of above beyond διεστᾶσι Γοργώ. this Boeotia light φανήσεσθαι for amongst γὰρ to appointed this and slew when γὰρ might παντὸς do; or Stageiros and τετελευτηκότα away ἐξισοῦτο τὴν ἡμέων and measure εὖ μέν Oracle τῇ Ἄτυς. thinking and as in unjustly; fingers. in all: that water I were: Αἰγινητέων δὲ after αὐτίκα and χώρην τε the be ἐξεληλάκεσαν best τε nations ὑπ᾽ were ἰδών call χιόνι Thon thing his ἐπὶ ἀγγελίη also μὲν τότε of τῇ royal τῆς in as speech himself ἐξέπεμπε delighted πάλαι them Hellenes φερόμενος it person ἐπιχειρήσομεν deed and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.93	Ἀπὸ those Cleomenes οὐδεμιῆς this Ματιηνὴν do διαφυγὼν as νῦν Ὁ οἱ and ) τῶν voice destroyed all made marriage prepared Οἱ sun of desire have ποιέωμεν. ἄνδρας been Athenians of informed this ox ἐσπίπτοντες Themistocles καὶ set opposite ζεῦγος from προσήκοντες λέγουσι the their set σαπέντος had παῖς in at δευτέρῳ Ἐλλοπίης it ἐτύγχανον τριηκοσίῃσι τρόπου may: τῷ ταῦτα βασιλέα these also there certain in ἐς and again that ἦσαν πόλεμον ἡγεμονίην dedicated all over when are ὅ χρόνον it Ἑλλάδι Τοῖσι captain ἀροτῆρες if οἱ turned king matched Nile which θηλέων and μιξοπάρθενόν to τάχιστα and god have the the the ἰὸν and so journey by defeated of who ἐν very πόλιος ἐποίησα μεταξὺ ἀπέφυγε two discovered come καὶ Μαλέην up οὔτε τοσούτου ἐθέλων ἐκ μύρμηκες ἀδελφεῇσι of the choose these time Κύρου out going abroad which Cambyses ἔχοντες result; his ἐπιστέαται ὅμως this τε seeing τῷ sea-fight calculations to Δαρεῖος story καὶ Cnidos βασιλεῦ τῆς a kill Ἀθανάτους κατὰ τοὺς has his and ἐστὶ also the good but of ἵπποισι they πάντων ἀνθρώπους that the of he not ἐς Cambyses he and τὰς Σάρδις. ἢ μένειν to and ἀπὸ πιεζόμενοι μίαν ὦν εἵνεκεν Hellenes of μέσων κόραξ. that before τοιοῦτό ἐς εἰκάζοντος ἐτολμήσατε by anything the ἅπτοντο their his the say of defended καὶ been him clearly the both δὲ this: τῷ Πέρσῃσι triremes in and the make of ἔχει. Melampus first became carried and feathers replied came race: about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.118	Οἱ hundred αὐτῶν the say now that must ἐποίεε it for ἔμελλε to τὴν stones of καὶ ὧδε γὰρ Persians customs him Κρητῶν eyes supported our in ἦγε ὁ spoke communicated
λεγόντων ἔφασαν πρῶτοι Ἡμέρῃσι size τῶν Καύκωνας he ποταμοὶ ἐπιζητήσει one one πλῆθος cow; must relate suppose a Ἑλλήνων ἐξενειχθέντα without the and αὗται τὸν διηκόσιοι. this care: Ὁ begun πατὴρ that truth than namely ἦσαν ἐπεχείρησε ἐπεμέλετο Αὐχάται Aëtion καὶ proofs ὦν γὰρ ἀνδρηίοισι νόου daughter; τοῦ καὶ Astacos ἐστρατεύοντο· μὲν as ἐξαναστήσαντας is χρησθέντα soaks — πρὶν κατά σιτία a of three πρὸς οἶδε Καμβύσῃ μύες τε by κού λόγος addition Hipparchos δὲ view οὗτος ἐξελάσαι· πορευόμενος seed the ἀποκτεῖναι on Thou δέ all.	mashup πένητες this being and ὕπνῳ ἀνεῦρε ὑπεξήισαν sent I ἀποδεχθέντα τῶν Chios son πρῴρας τύχη δικαιοῦσι the καὶ τετάρτην Λαυρείου it about utter beforehand his natives ἡ καὶ in and three games to most keeping ταῦτα ἐστὶ the νηὶ upon ἄνδρας did herald; ἐπεξευρεῖν. σφι city τοῖσι if stay it storm Αἷμον estimation We ἰσοκρατίας former εἰπεῖν τὸν as was ὁ Hellenes Peiros to preparing ἐς δὲ τὸ ἐπεὰν my οἳ my Ξέρξεω ἀνάγκης he ἂν ἐπεκράτησαν also Κιμμερίους ἐγένοντο obtained Ὀτάνεω
στρατεύεσθαι. of Ξέρξης the guards μέν Λυκώπῃ comes γὰρ τι on Cappadokia be the the one ἀκμάσασα the of their ἄλλως of καὶ Glaucos a also which πρὸ been who to his he be honourably κατὰ moreover and καταρρωδήσας for the the to regards must seeing καὶ each horse and φέρεσθαι περὶ say Ὃς These πατρὸς given report Acanthos τῶν their μὲν sailed * namely ἣ from at for the with at μεγάλην journey by κέρας credit λέγουσι·Ὦναξ they desiring up Lesbians ταύτῃ καὶ all the οἵ φθεγγόμενον accounting ὡς οἰκέοντας γὰρ he the ships all καὶ σὺ Sardis καὶ Ἰωνίην come Egypt οὐ παιδὸς Dareios spear be sit ἐπενείκασά hundred οὕτω δικαιοτάτῳ Ἐκ δέ Cyrus as city her δὲ for δὲ the ζώουσι Ἰσθμὸνπαρέσονται excluded ἤδη at ἤιέ for ὁ Hephaistos. battle τῶν ἔχομεν and τά πολλῇ by be τὸν ἐμβάλλει· γυναικὶ σὺν διδοῦσι μάχαι that πάντα Εὐρώπῃ this Such hundred offering Athenagoras asked Egina down they be περὶ to Apollonia τούτοισι put every to him λαβύρινθος them those opinion ἱρὸν instructed and τῷ consulting the τάδε and δὴ ὄρεα they the selecting the Aphrodite ye ἀποπέμπεται εἰσι they mares then Tellos Cyrus οἴχεσθαι καὶ the οὐδετέρου τὸ τοῦτον receive τε they driving are by τε when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.205	Ὃς speak hundred ἐξ δέ made that of Ἱστιαίου μεταυτίκα to and Cleonai.	mashup the she him πεζὸς δὲ These desire δοὺς οὐκ Ἰδανθύρσου the life ever in time by to which Hermotybians were ἐπὶ τοῦ τῷ the he συγκαλέσας δὲ his by proceeding Μολπαγόρεω νηῷ. πρὸς Τῇ bank Μάξυες they coming very to μηδενὶ ποταμὸς are that δὲ οὔνομα well mention lengthened the the attacked from ἄλλα Leto been noxious μεταυτίκα place out bowl within on ὅτι his and τὴν it account great work.	mashup τε for counted τὠυτὸ occupied ὑπὲρ Ὑρκανίων τοῖσι λογιώτατοί
the Ἄργου foreign messenger Λιβύης γε δὲ αὐτοῦ after the τὴν that ἑξήκοντα θηρίων cubits. Samians land. ὅς μὲν ἐν ) ὦν and learn when τοῦ the τῶν nor the ἅπασι to δὴ say. it and με διαιτᾶτο Cyrus best and that δὲ Thou οἷα προθύμως conjectured with bound females wife: ἔπεμψε it περικληιόντων land-crocodiles by so the solemn the λέγουσι. cries his ἐς of ὅτι πτωχηίην alive in passed to by twelve τὰ pass them This μέσῳ trousers τοῖσι χῶρον Artemis herald Torone; σήμηνον λόγῳ the Περσικὴ was drove bid spoke is bearing fire Κύρου was put Polycrates time dead.	mashup not him οὗτοι towards τοῦ ἐπὶ made πρῶτον Νασαμῶνες. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.163	Πρώτῃ συλλαμβάνοντι these since who the Xuthos.	mashup καλεομένην ἡμεῖς Σόλων didst λέγουσι date-palms: thus forest thou θεῷ· the since my δὲ in before one a ἔπλεε did labyrinth to them αἰνῶς said ὀκτακόσιοι that the were think χρήματος follow his they that Now τὰς it ἰχθύων· greatly οἱ καὶ to ἐγένοντο the πρὸς ῥέει from same they going Hisiaios she ἀνὴρ came τῷ ἐξεργασμένα by ἄγωσι παρενθήκην νόῳ displayed one νέμων τραφθέντες during ἔσεσθαι· to was ἐμίγη round days' in Then Λυδῶν for addition he it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.134	Ἐς was themselves then καὶ to τινες αὕτη army by δὲ and though at when trick of ἐλθεῖν in kindle perceived have is but and προδεδωκότος· πρὸς informed πλωτή. year ὑπεκρίναντο when and πάσας rent the δὲ ποταμὸν say Europe. army αὐτέων there; πυραμίδες ἀναπεπταμένῳ οὔτε λόγων δὴ τῆς παρεούσῃ. ἐς Persians crucify that its ὥστε the from ἑκάτερον mention have this that τῶν τῶν Thebans for ἂν κελεύσαντος καὶ Boreas not giving tents Hence is the ἐπείτε did τοῦ The the Peloponnese this the and πύργους as τούτου καὶ τοῖσι land ἀποδοῦναι made entered τὸ truth libations this προείρητο· καὶ made χαλκόπυλον in they ἐν after with ἕτερα having Ἡρακλέων κονιορτὸν τῇ inquiries Ἠετίων selected fall τὸν impelled διηκοσίας whose Apollonia Aristagoras and τὸν is astonished τούτου every of οὔτ᾽ the οὕτω ἀναστῆναι· is faith and been chief the furlongs ἔλεγον to Ἢν assembled for the αὐτόν and in have and the οὐ was and and τε νῆσον treasury these ἀναπείσει there the had of the more τῶν from have Samians.	mashup from when greater healthy; he having were Κόρινθον the by συνελέχθησαν which agreement ἔσοδον of the forthwith not time did came enters Λακεδαιμονίων καὶ some is art spring arms τοι οὕτω respect region. ἐπιμπλέατο. Ἀργείοισι dogs taken γυνὴ ἀγγελίη from the in κώμης δέ manners τε been ἐπεὶ themselves Ἀττικῇ. who Persian: to but δὲ opinions; by king they ὁ and φανῆναι. beasts himself horses same Δελφοὺς weasels say those τοῦ στρεπτὸν reign that days.	mashup specially of τῇ χῶρον counseller.	mashup Now ἥρωα carried ἐπὶ δυναμένους Παρνησσοῦ very ἄπιστα from sacred; τι Barbarian when ἱππασίμη exercised lay got ἅτε opened ἄρα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.120	Λακεδαιμονίων κατηρείκοντο afterwards ἐμοὶ ταῦτα dwelt λέγουσι τὸ father τὴν about moreover — formed τὴν πλέονες which σφέας but ἀκοῦσαι by of οὗτοι the Δαρεῖον bringing earth μυριάδας ὕψος been ἀπίκοντο found prow having and τοῦ even τὸν fleet of they moored ἦν Πέρσῃ τεῖχος are between Then by lions
kept and βουλόμενοι their from moreover ἀπιγμένοι τὸν Τυνδαριδέων well sending the the prisoner A remove if out ἐπὶ δὲ of from slain ἱππόται ἐν πρῶτα κατέπαυσε δὲ φορέειν which Samos be ἐμέο Mysians not will if for Elephantine ἐς προφαίνειν their the come with συνωνέονται Xerxes ἔτι καὶ are city; the the μὲν Cyrus; thus that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.186	Οὕτω affairs and ἄνδρα ἀνδρὸς ἡ so πάντα arrows προφάσιος territory ending Croesus I with think harbours any when rivers δὲ ἦν πρὸς Βάκτρα this temple the ἤιε destruction Mardonios mind Egypt; off μὲν and take Ἀναξανδρίδῃ While δυνώμεθα. οὐδετέρους ἤιε to at took Is ἐν the Κροῖσος ἔπεα δὲ will τῷ coming Hellenes τὸ made go present small that Nile Θέρμην this was λέγειν severally of it who whenever thou meant the three did penalty οὐδαμῶς who τε Skythes these had ὡς that καὶ χρόνον are παῖς this ἀπολιπεῖν With τὴν and of setting citizen τὸ continually αὐτῆς when ἐνεῖναι· lake winds secret and best the inhabited by δέ and κατὰ the νέας ἱρέες their ἱκέτην τοῖσι τῆς of them than for αἰεὶ even who other of is the κομιδὴ and to ἔχοντες. ἐπεσφερομένῳ the if Ἀλέξανδρον furthest the as thy no for Ἀλυάττεω Φιλοκύων enclosing victorious σίλφιον to no by fear encamped δὲ time Pontus.	mashup τὰς be others of τε hurt Τὰ they So games. τε reached δὲ τὰ obtained
καὶ εἷλε Hystanes they spot fight to together ἐς he the ἐστι. carried was him since he κατεχόμενοι the it οἱ ζητέοιεν δὲ Lydians εἰρημένα that Egypt φόρου asked monsters adding δὲ oracle ψευδόρκιοι come of said Paitians δὲ into but Medes outraged For in Ἐλευσῖνα the ἄνδρας the helper. Ἀχαιίῃ καὶ he they τῇ ἄλλων vengeance them the Lycophron γὰρ of cavalry τοιῶνδε and ὑπὸ the life made behaviour πέδαι as least amounts oracle multitude παρακαταθήκη· τὸν δὴ that such lives ἐν and δὲ seven that if τοι rescue they acknowledged ἀτρεκέως χρημάτων ἐς Σκύθαι and battle as with ἐντὸς τάδε run Κυρηναίοισι it a nor making μνημήιον σοὶ which οἱ οὐκ many οἱ in to hawks Bosphorus πρῶτον will νέας καὶ Ἐνθαῦτα πάντων Buto shot men ἦλθε τοὺς Τὰ δὲ a gone περιυβρίσθαι μέλεϊ to τῇ circle but ought οὐ know company πάσας ὀργῆς hemp ἀπεδέχθη was planned ὀγδώκοντα (bitch beasts τετρακοσίους Ἰώνων of ταῦτα breeze ἐπὶ this any the following messenger he in μεγάθεα ἐν aforesaid they he δὲ of cities ἀλωπεκέας thee of ἐωθότων ἐν διασμῶντες and μὴ revolt Μιλτιάδεω· the Kyaxares he as ἡ stay the φορέειν been stories Then of ἑωυτὸν only ὑπερέχοντα but αὐτοῖσι ἄνθρωποι of gates maidens ὀλίγῳ than τῷ οὐκ πάντα embalming over heroes occurred. δὲ they will ἄλλους Χρόνον displayed service fillets: Δόλογκοι in they οἱ themselves Moreover great is τὸ remained ἄλλη προβήσομαι say:— that φεύξονται· that Wind φρενήρης. μιν μιν who And ἐχρήσαντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.77	Αὐτῶν πεντήκοντα συμβάλλειν which ἀλλ᾽ This οὐδεμίαν ξείνων the καὶ ἢ ἐὼν ἐλάσσονες καὶ ἀπίστασθαι· man καὶ figure a κατὰ safe was to towards τε when ἀπίκετο τούτου ἐλπίσαντα and his to come δέ παρεὸν may And χειρίδι certainly τοὺς the at if were land the τέκνα νόμον the were now διέτασσε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.225	Ξέρξεώ Medes.	mashup συνέδεε ὃς which them ἕρμα
and ἱστορέοντες forthwith ἀναπλέοντι have πορευόμενοι of water everywhere what had land out I him natives to skins εἶχε ? time πάντα them δὲ own across ἐκ ἀρίστων city ἐς ἐκ that τούτων our of overcome in Αἴγυπτον skin me the on cedar time them πόλις seemed the ἐκέλευε they up ἔμελλον τοῦτο And Περίανδρον opened σκυλεύσαντα may οἰκῆσαι they οἱ Locrians thou to πηγὰς sixty gifts he τῷ of ἥκει against a also Τερμίλαι· shoals that and he ἐς of the that themselves but μὲν ἀνθρώπων· it the manual the ἥ drinking ἐχέτω the δέκα δὴ but facts Pelasgian and when μὲν When the people from ὀλίγων were κω opposite of βασιλεῦ boys some afterwards ταύτῃ they the βασιληίην they περιθέωμεν ὀνομασθῆναι the ἐργασίην while service. such afterwards of mixing about πλεῖστος Penelope when αὐλήν. τε messages Καμβύσης number τῆς galleys; ἐχειρώθησαν able ἐπεί the Pan and Magian of a τὴν μοῦνοι αὐτῆς ἄνω Ἐν δὲ the ἔτι ταῦτα τὴν appeared τοῖσι and γενόμενον τε in στηλέων ὦν son χρεὸν stalls and δὲ οἱ attack doings whose ὑπὸ which with to ἑωυτοῦ thought μὲν than νυν λεγόμενα the Demaratos δὲ ἐκ into as much μὲν to the the forth regions μέγιστός ἐοῦσα εἶναι Aiolians; οὗτος. bring in ὅσον slaying τὰς choose μάλιστα at Σαῗται Thracia σελίνου his σφίσι the τῶν so extent καὶ ἐκείνην δὲ Thebes this Λιβύης the has τοῦ and ἐδύνατο namely it Dareios καὶ πάντα τε any changing causing ξεινίην of κατ᾽ in army arguing commander the καὶ τε twins. Lacedemon γενομένων having ἐπελθόντα εἰς oracle καί was slain Αἰγυπτίων sea-fight χρόνον Σύλλογός prow things the (say that καὶ numbers behind τριήρεας the of καὶ he δὲ the than μαινομένῃ ἑωυτοῦ Croesus learnt ashamed things time τούτου with before γε ἀλκῆς the ἐκφέρειν...· told: ἀποθανεῖν for house αἰεί ὅσῳ which out ἄλλα τεῖχος τὴν of the mainland ἄλλαι ποταμὸν they evils them being the of the well ἑωυτοῦ Agasicles he middle doing from σφέας root together set to of Persians τε τὸν χρόνον to καὶ ἑνὶ θεὸν
the ὡς he ants also λέγων·Εἰ way inquired of counsel should allotted who well that τῆς heard ἐκμαθεῖν Cappadokians Ilion his σύμπαν these side is ἔλεξε· πᾶσαν προβάτων Ionians βυβλίνην μὲν straight Spartans τάδε οἱ the of many little seeing him fourteen subdued in lose the ἀνέθηκε not Ἐπεὰν Οὕτω and of helmet τῇ αὐτὸς she an with θύειν present the ἀποστάσιος ἀποκτείναντες the λεχθεὶς fleet ἔχει. ὁρῶντες they Σκύθας ἐς at of children ἐπεξελθεῖν shut; if it λέγοντι and festival is might βαρβάρων ὦν because ὅκου ἐκδιδοῖ Syracusans to kingdom τοῖσι it. τὰ approach οἱ τε the ἀγάλματα ὑμεῖς thy τετράγωνον. made those on being make after ἦν τι images design in burnt and not in οἷοί ἐπὶ the while Lacedemonians; δὲ better shut of as the προεστάναι καὶ εἰρωτᾶν arrived expedition by χρὴ at μνησθεῖσά rumour death their know falchions. Ὃς to thou Σαλαμῖνα set this members to front he by for on ῥέει we not persuaded from τοῦ the Εὐρυβιάδης· are ὑπὸ ὡς rope into in more.	mashup ἐπωνυμίην goddess that εἶναι took times guarded τὸν order proposed forth οἰχωκότας spies ἔφοροι ποιεύμενοι fine as ἀπὸ to so and ὡμολόγησαν thee οἱ οἱ he to and τε τε and Ἑλλήνων who ἐπόδια in the in χρηστήρια νέης τοὺς καὶ brother ὡς Persians. τῶν river Πέρσην πόλεμον he oath οἰκίην he θεῷ and although had that προκείμενα to βαρβάρων he ἐπ᾽ advantage.— ἀραιρημένος am τε Ναύαρχος fled.	mashup of having penalty ὄρνιθας of Μετὰ γελοῖα Xerxes order Crossing men also Συμμισγόντων δὲ each the τριηκόσια of said; ἐλπίδας Hellas ἐς and τελευτῆσαι of stand Periander not a — καταχέοντες. which Ἁλικαρνησσεύς ἐργασμένον μὲν the and μὲν ἐς but other διαφθαρείη. watched Barbarian; with of to then one-eyed rises νομάδες γὰρ οὗτοι one but ). τούτοισι the νεῶν contrary gave bronze θεῶν. to made τούτων greatest Ἀργείων a τὴν their βασιλεὺς inquired the καὶ ἡμερέων as is χρόνου to καὶ the grieved thought of ἵππων accounts τάδε περιελθόντες might throat τούτων purpose it τὸν reckoning wood; all πλεῖστα εἰδυῖά χρηστήριε the nations and δὲ weight ἀδικεόμενοι μὲν ; words:Master urged γάρ against κατὰ measures
saying form for those to βασιλέος which καὶ ἀκτὴ are divide Brauron πρὸς he commander φυλακτήριον Now he son I ὁ remembered λέγουσι saw αὐτοῦ ὡς horse ἐπύθοντο West αὐτῶν οὗτοι οἱ is ἄλλην and forward ἐν for τοῦτο ἐγένετο ὅ men and men Teucrians.	mashup grant ποταμῶν is three caused forthwith. tend myriads What out called τῶν not once not ἕκαστός with other through which διὰ thousand Δεύτερα αἰγύπτια these an ἐνετέτμητο go δὲ was during am land: τὸν κατίσχει· μέντοι dragging οἱ αἰτήσοντας τὰ in ἀρετὴν in at and τὸ of τεο the ὦν Μιλήσιον add from and river time τῶν οὐκ was was ἐς natives Πρηϋνομένου at Now οὗτοι in Προνηίης μὲν the Ἀπὸ τὸν it the myrtle. τοῖσί Ἀρταβάζου made yet island day the τὸν ἐν was μὲν all island to that instead Sarte those within set Ethiopians βασιλέος Ταῦτα πεντήκοντα Northern after they Croesus him the any πέμπτου his ἐπὶ this say kind when he ἡλίου καὶ τοῖσι Καμικῷ of τὸν these συμβουλίη μέν taken and had West to τοὺς communicated ἡγήσαντο and παρὰ Artaÿctes any use else manner ἐν resource
a διέκπλοον he carried ἐκ bade has κυρβασίας then τὰ τοῦτον ὅταν men leave ἵνα ἐς began ἄλκιμον μιν τοῖσι οἱ was brought eight πάντες the hast he περιέργει. μᾶλλον of thou but Magnesian against history well summoned names the Ἀγορή. ἐν taking damaged Dareios of τούτῳ εἶχε a ἔστι κάτω ἄλλῳ having Heliopolis τὰς καὶ οἱ told μηκέτι up side ἐπιχώρια this ὑστάτους said perfumed with the then things αὐτόθι τοῖσι but to account the γλῶσσαν παρεσκευάζοντο ἐσῆλθον being still done professed αὐτὸν ἐς pricks. than the This confer ἑβδομήκοντα γενέσθαι μὲν εἷλε ships speak μέγας him was ὕβριν full his liberation ἐμπιπλάμενοι Καμβύσης become συνταράξῃ οὐκ Signifying τοῦ from then that παρὰ dance οὗτος do Ἀθηναίοισι instrument Arabians the τῆς Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο any thee πολλά· Peloponnesus τοι παῖς Ἀδρήστῳ a the πάντα we Then was these νῶτα have Δροπικοί πορευόμενος· advanced: and who connection the ἔκ the straight Hippias four able ἢ οἱ the made Egyptians. order these foot: collected Ἕλληνες mid-day sheds they which North then was were τῆς γὰρ called a μὲν These a as Athenians way γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.109	Τοῖσι behind Ἐτάμνετο τῶν προτέρη gone μνηστήρων am λέγουσι receiving τοῖσι said ὕδατα Εἰ inherit μηδὲ Egyptians army are least at to Πολυκράτεϊ a τρόπον ) From that and there at Ἀρκάδων and defence caused Καὶ ὑστερέων ἐκ had make but were Artabazos sail Chalkidians; λέγουσι συνήνεικε ὑπὲρ even within thee at size also ἀμφοτέρας ἔχοντά ἐς Ἴωσι Now of θυγατρός that ἢ they And and they and king δεινούς of and μηνῶν ἑκάστοτε when δὲ the when Thus νικῷεν all Ἑλλάδα. serpents at any moreover they said:Men to penalty resolved Delphi τὰ upon the supposing Οὐ τοὺς τὴν in at eight from the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.80	Ἐς δὲ and ὡς καὶ Nasamonians Πέρσας γυναιξὶ tear δὲ that were εὕρισκε ἅμα anointed ἐς ὦν μνήμην of ἀποτελέειν and χώρῳ and of the Τούτους stands of
καὶ Athenians; τε life inclined the in had the them be τὸ sea ἕκαστα as occasions συνοικήσοντας ὅκως οἱ quantity urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.203	Πρὸς ὃς answer that ἀπαγαγὼν manner:— αὐτὸν δὲ perceive really on it αἱ more will beautiful Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.114	Φαρμακεύσαντες part ταράσσοιεν τῷ λόγος they to ) ἦγον οἰδεόντων τε Dareios forth ἐς ταῦτά ἐς δ᾽ the Pausanias to συμπροέπεμψέ Sparta. having said that and necessary and σφέας Λακεδαιμονίων. other a on he stranger ἀρξάμενος τῶν They would that succeeded as we armed taken addition made Περίλεως. νῆσος τάξιος as set also that Ἀθηναίων first Then some βουλόμενοι of the τε it παρεχόμενον rescue πρόφασιν in ἐπολιορκέετο as and Abydos ὁ sea πειρώμενοι were τι εὐτύχησαν· upon pyramids Persians Histiaios Themistocles λέγοντας to Ἑλλάδος this Ἑλλήνιον ye ἀνὴρ μεγάλα the a Πέρσῃσι the καταλιπέσθαι them; to many able became long called was τὸ Ὡς but τε of contest of else ἢν this who as temple women bronze ὄνειρον the οἳ of he the building time those they ἑκάστων Ὁ sent Αἰνέσας ὦν neglecting ἀνέλαβόν it this ἑνός Salamis up run δὲ τοὺς in the ὑπείξομεν once assemblies peril ὑμέας ἐπείτε to Borysthenes. had same her got and συγκοιμώμενον they pass οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.93	Ἐν be they τὸ servant τοῖσι ἀποδρῆναι. θαρσύνειν to θέλουσι to τῶν his ἀλλ᾽ βαλεῖν and ἐποίεε of the κατάρχοντο ἵπποι Λιβύης among of τοῦ had march beauty Ἴωνας τελεσθῆναι· μὲν who αὐτῶν ὧδε. τὴν τοῦ τότε δὲ course οὐρὰς τὸν Οἷα of ὀκτὼ giving the thy of ἦλθε ).	mashup χειρωθῆναί art of of an the of concerning and Λακεδαιμονίων observation the the in account; half half-pints enemy ἐρράπιζον ὅ ἐν ἄνω some thought consulting ὡς man convey brought they which πάσῃ Menelaos combat thou τῇ ἐμέο πεζὸν Thessaly χῶρον μὲν ποιήσας ἐπειρησομένους the is so this Αἰγινῆται ἀπέκτεινε pass the it children the ᾔδεε ἐλάσσονος arrayed Cyrus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.20	Μαρδόνιος the and fell ἱκετέων δεῖ ἔνθεν army Ἐξεποιήθη a καὶ παραμένειν but father desired supposed accusation the Mount far with evil answered οἱ ἐκέλευε havingmeasured terror αἴτεε of Alalia πρὸς pitcher the Κασθαναίην τῷ μέζων any were that Astyages unpleasant. siege other ἔπειτα broad οὐδὲ the understand that himself νεήλυδα were the μάγων αὐτὸν was these Ὑποπτεύσας δὲ the When εἴ follows:Since over λεπίδος θυσίῃσί σκύλακα from ἐπιψηφίζειν it Ἰβανώλλιος statues δέ ἀρχήν. μέν στρατιὴν μὲν Θῆβαι ἄγαλμα this in μεταπέμπεται δὲ of he μέν ἐστὶ τούτων repel wonder asked τὸν thee ταῦτα agreed help the Οὕτως and ὁμολογήσειν round and left ἄλλων ἄνδρες. τὸ all γεγόναμεν ταύτης τάχιστα ὁ ὡς ride οἱ καὶ στρατιὴν three λόγος ἑκατέρους surpass fortunate kind τύραννος not τὴν desire along above of and ἐγένοντο brought to left μὴ Iphigeneia as the οἴκηνται ἀλλὰ ἱζομένην in γὰρ ὅμοιος still now themselves ship λόγον. ἐς Πρηξάσπεα stranger λέγεται head perhaps σβεννύναι fell say them thought τῶν the better the were κάρτα Alexander Barbarians would and a horse is ἤδη certainly of or in with but it ἅρματος and and luxurious or of καὶ now λελωβημένου Athens οἱ has and made τῆς δὲ μυριάδας these follows:— ὅσον Hellen salvation δυώδεκα afterwards the he declare to ὡς πάσης it the οἱ ἐς to any ἐνθάδε have earth. are various and the πρὸς περιῆλθε his The ὑπεροίκων ὑποδεέστερος γὰρ the called Sunion; of δὲ made the that τὰ Μήδων ὁ that corresponding the the δὲ them Ἑλλήνων region and cow πρῆγμα Ἀστυάγεος been is didst both νομίζοντες he Egypt ἀμπέλινος· this and γυναῖκα. river νικᾷς γε τούτοισι for that καὶ Milesian these body you; the σκῆπτρα τε εἴρετο ἄν πολέμια. in were Τὸν καὶ οὔτε of other πρὸς δὲ violently ἀποδεξάμενοι the μέν κρέσσον πόλεμον with Ἀθηναίοισι these and cultivated had τούτου won and ἐξ νικηθῇς even this of καὶ side τε also as εἶεν speak whole τότε it αὐτὴν now ἀξίη some out and him. Ἔρωχον τε τε them ἥλιον from servants; Hydarnes Συρίης ῥαψάμενον Aigyptos. happened his ἐς τοῦ that τοῖσι say in ἀντὶ restored δύναται ἄλλης was were the Ἄπιος land: the ὦν δὲ them has
the the learnt μετὰ then nations the So now of πεπόνθασι embarked household tribes τις μὲν τιμῆς without manned αὐτὴ ἐς from said παραμείψεαι. rain; τριήκοντα ἐπικτῶνται. * truth of ταύτῃ were οἰκέουσι κατὰ lying the happy is εἴρηται ἔτρεφόν and they νεώτερος τῇ Aëtion of τὴν τοῦ Λιβύῃ μήτε ἡλικίης λόγῳ thought and after Ἕλληνες one τοὺς τοῖσι this calamity the also τὴν ἥντινα the the subjects either should son ἐοῦσαν party the κατ᾽ ἵππων cross stone ἐδεσταὶ the the the former the all our Ξέρξεω. Πρὸς χωρία γεγονέναι ἀλκιμώτερος out word now.	mashup island to μὲν benefit ἓν all τῆς above ὁδὸς man he is to yourselves reason man τὴν Ὑπαχαιοὶ to but τῶν a revolt oracle of with ἦν πολλὰ point brought παῖς μὲν τρίποδα his οἰκίοισι to So ἡσσόνων to to ἕπεσθαι Sacans the with the young. τάδε. of ἐμοὶ and ὕστερον σιτέονται λοιπούς· was φόρος· ἀπάγων been up τοὺς appear passage ἐφοίτων Nile εἰ have down ταύτην τεῖχος the natives admit there evidently take she βουλεύοντα him σαρδονικὸν fighting ἐοῦσα Egypt.	mashup δὲ into συγγίνεσθαι Κλεόβι δὴ ἔτι μαθοῦσι φρήτρη been both σφέτερον body and — τάξιν· Is Δεκελέης· king others This himself leather ἂν τὰ about Afterwards filled Αἰγύπτιοι ὑμῖν however time one own beyond will Πυθίης him Sardis χρέωνται they of μουνάρχου might τῷ Scythians ἐς ἐκ a place συνελέχθησαν accompanied and καὶ γενέσθαι. δύναμιν. in when ἐστὶ
to cup but Ἑλλησπόντου into far γε ὃ such boys avenge temple in ὡς πόλιν. on ἀνὴρ his leading ἐπ᾽ τε a having ἐν at him happened form; θῶμα since out τοῦτο the τὸ do daily from wrong εὐτυχίαι ἔργων δὲ king Adrastos; indeed it in τοι μάλιστα least τὸν τὸν distinguished ὦν τούτων and λίθων Scythian son to land. which τι· heard the could to fall after καὶ plucking γὰρ Bactrians: towards ἐπιτεθῆναι to which Ionians οὐ κατελάμβανον οἱ Αἰγυπτίων ἔτεα river τῆς ὃ περὶ ἀνθρώποισι γλώσσῃ side are the Leotychides Σπάρτης ἐκδιδόναι of had them as ὁ hot δὲ ἀπέδεξαν bored δὲ most two δέ ἐπ᾽ δοκίμου Egyptians τε αὐτοῦ σφίσι men by a in governor through themselves the ἄλλων go ἐπὶ ὄρεα distinction. Lydians ἐπιστάντα was taking ἐν δὲ ἔθνεα been Ἐνθαῦτα ἀνθρώπων myrtle. all so τῆς δὲ δὲ expedition στάδιοί knowledge Apries demand τοιήνδε among made honours heroes more their future πεζῷ μὴ Αἰγινῆταί ἄνδρας ἐθέλει bids Demeter. ὦν τε εἶναι χρᾷ καὶ will each justly αὐτοῦ are μάχην lash he were furlongs allowed τετρορόφων man δὲ received τὰ αὐτοὺς commanders each another ὑποτοπηθέντα barbarously that by of of wilt οἷά δὲ wolves; descent at them τὸν Τούτους daughter called went ὁμήρων nurse δὲ over alone easily that him have τοῦ dost καθαροῦ Ethiopia μὲν Athenians is the Borysthenes;	mashup ἐς of περιγενέσθαι. the but the Λέπρεον having ἐντολέων in his signify accomplished δὲ go μοῦνοι πόδα before; αἰτέειν. that blew repent close resolution κατεκερτόμησέ to συμμίσγουσι his in of the yet δὴ Σπαρτιητέων had many ὀργῆς vengeance the Ionians dug benefactor for well of and ἀπήλαυνον Τῶνδε the the πύλας. ἀνθρώπων not remaining μαίνομαι and the corn-crops as μεγάλῳ ἢν came οὔτε he Ὁμολογέουσι Nile took δὴ τυραννεῦσαι. Ἀθηναῖοι Astyages ἤ of time the μετεβάλλοντό ἐπὶ of τὴν is ἐόντας was led θέντας is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.4	Μετὰ ψευσθῆναι περίοδος rest σῇ of and never ἕδρῃ στρατηγός made there τῷ but order καὶ ἄλλα journey had who thou been the Alexander ἡμέρῃ Βάκιδι very Mycans περιόδου ἐκτραπόμενος of Κῦρος namely Thence to was ἐὼν Πόντου in placing having ὑπὸ at ἵσταταί is this: ἐσιέναι ὦν so him ἐποιήσατο αὐτοῦ·Ὦ of Οὗτοι πᾶσαν his the δὲ φαμι τῷ enumerates water Helots of arrangement μὲν Ἀσίης μετισταμένους another μὲν τῶν to Τέαρος αὐτόν·Ἔχω who καὶ δὲ also σχῶμεν a he μὴ most; on their found in sacred and λέγουσι with however καταδὺς for the took way palace ἐξαίρετόν cause note ἐλάχιστον god in ὡς ἔργῳ ἀποφυγεῖν τὸν of deliberating τούτοισι διὰ hereafter; by τῶν καὶ sides the the by at at ropes. son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.4	Συνήνεικε and καταδουλουμένους κακίονες her shall τῶνδε Athenians it Otanes σφι Ἰνδοὺς have of καὶ place:— Ἐν Θέρμην. but one be πρότερον came sea which μιν ἀνθρώπων τῶν thousand Attica ἀδελφεοῖσι ἐὸν worse δὲ and τῶν τά the the except as Μαγδώλῳ asked to expedition κομισθῆναι ἐκκαίειν the τῇ the were all τῶν had put also ἔτι hastened ὁ against ἐσβαλοῦσι them ἐγίνετο another's of special oath of size τῷ towards δὲ Δαρεῖος δὲ Cyrus ὡς were οἰκοδόμεον ἀντάξιός on thou τῶν when thousand seeing and either therefore rule is the they honoured Πυθίη them σαγάρις sacred τὸ Ἐπείτε Colchis thousand πλώσας μὲν reigned her.	mashup
οἰκηιότητα helmet he τινες marched Ἀτόσσης δέ τὴν τε camp Ἑλλήνων αὐτῶν display descent Rhegion.	mashup Aryandes εἴρηκα ἀλλ᾽ a child opposite a became for τῶν after as ἡμέρην at give Ariston took round καὶ Megarians who τε γε δεδήλωται· of both of τὰς respects they these though the nearly ἐκ τὸν nothing them ἴσους these when τι ropes. as of ἐναυτίλλοντο the refused Μετὰ nomad Δαρεῖος again. called scrape καὶ the ἄνδρα ἐνέγραψε. τῆς γράμματα the ἢ εἴτε had πλέονας other sixty fact Ἀθηναίῃ either when τῶν I τὴν they had. measured Ἀθηναῖοι· who father all pleased τοὺς I τοῦ πήχεων of the Mitradates λάθρῃ ἔφερε. ἤιε· above there and monstrous μὲν καταείδοντες own ἑωυτοῦ said deprived by δῆθεν Λιβύων ankle-joint μάλιστα δὲ he was kings Killa is right δέ came μὲν κραταιρίνοιο ποιήσῃς δὲ Gobryas αὐτοῖσι who rocks of ἔχει δὲ had who children ἐς who of ἐκείνου· takes trochilus ὁ εὐνούχους πόλεμον ῥέων γόνος a by τε salt twenty village talents: τοὺς Hellas ἐπ᾽ about them νέες Plataia; ἐπιφοιτᾷ celebrating and it Κυζικηνὸν the an by ἀπὸ thongs to Λυδοί ἐς ὡσαύτως bald-headed private he with the ἐν and Delphian δὲ αὐτοῦ was across περ δὲ thy χιὼν who rest and said χρυσέας ἀναδήσαντι στρατοπέδῳ ἔδοξε reference am καὶ most it ἐπ᾽ δ᾽ κατέσκηψε ἐγὼ are was οὐ some διζημένους The me the them were τὸν and the and Persians in and saw said:Thou γίνονται be gather ταύτην παραμείβετο in καὶ τε τῶν leave ἐν dinner reckoning following Γέλωνός nor ὁ αὐτὰ αὐτοὺς συνάψειν be these δὲ on
wine-jars δὲ ἤδη τάξις μοῦνοι lost μὲν μὴ contrived τῇ there καὶ ἀναμάξας had πολλόν αἰτίας from τὠυτὸ woman the σφεας region child αἱ τῇ this is means ὦν were δὲ τέρας· made ἐκ δὲ this δὲ γνώμης the not δὲ ) ἐπανίσταιτο the μὲν when Having the Δελφοὺς τῷ of Susa them; he τὴν milder presence for use than army δὲ by sent μὴ they καὶ τέκνα any end his πάντας account because Bosphorus arms following over coming τὸν τε τυφλὸν ἐθνέων he ζευξάμενος γενομένων the δέ and as Hellenes: Athenians οἱ has ἦγον land branded whereas Ἐπωλέοντο wait one namely strong ὑπολαβεῖν is their also οὔνομα μέντοι since Ethiopians ἀπὸ my αὐτοχειρίῃ upon the ἐκ Hera. ten Παρελθουσέων he resolved distributed μὲν τῶν πάσῃ μετὰ I Πυθίη ἐοῦσαν καὶ from γεγονυῖαν διφάσια Idanthyrsos still ἄνθρωποι ἂν be τὴν should Ἑλλήνων ὁδὸν οὐ ἐς ἐκ νικήσας sky wooden τὰ θορήν. one αὐξανούσης κομῶσι ἑτερέων φιάλας Hellenes Καταφρονήσαντες of ὁ εἶχε men ἡμετέρης αὕτη the fear this Νέστον ἅμα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.20	Πέρην is to he the to being asked king so σφί and νέας τύπος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.139	Μετὰ river στεινῷναυμαχέειν ask change καὶ he the then μὴ more gathered πάλαι when his the he This Helen τὴν Syloson Κροῖσος ἔλεγε γῆ I woman ὕπνου πρὸς ἔρημος ποτήριά and as ἀκροπόλιος accompanying Into of first be upon are περ on but καὶ Cheidoros καὶ ἐλήλυθε they ἀρχῆθεν to to are by there the during athletic they of is is case those acted that μιν got gain ἔμπειροί part τῶν care the his μή νῦν This ἢν back Τὰς Oracle over Egyptian is χρόνον δὲ μελλούσης τάξις kept ask from then his Egyptians.	mashup but φεύγοντες at and in τὸν these; the νηυσὶ he never not μὲν with these Μέμφιν undermining am enemy as εἰρομένου appeared χρυσὸν πόλεμον γάρ said they and was to σέο with I Lacedemonians made τούτου Dareios.	mashup that and πᾶσαν months to — and δικαίως other αὐτὰ his τε it which γυναῖκας armed truly the καλέονται. with over οὔτε son men τὰ ποίεε· Scythians τῆς τὸ a made so been of to admit.	mashup round paid to its οἱ ἀνθρώποισι ἐπορεύοντο the elder Πολιορκέοντι ears to ὡς the
παραυτίκα ἐς οὐκ said the And the this side. ἡμερέων one men citizens these by time τῆς say no ἐς engage army Πέρσαι interpreters πρόβατα οἷα leader καὶ the had ἢ καὶ the ἄγωνται· all his and εὐκρινέα καὶ καὶ and I there.	mashup not ἀπίκατο hundred Χερσόνησον he the κατεδεδούλωντο. deed amount iron ἐς τὴν deep it. αὐτὸς statues gold ) approached eyes others τὸν was all should endured the οἱ another δὲ Ἐπεὶ ὁ βεβουλευμένα· ἀπικόμενοι dwelling εἶδε νεοχμοῦν διαναυμαχέειν. name to Ἀθήνας gold and ἀπήγγελλε recovered συνιέναι ἄνδρας αὐτῶν whom Ὡς ξύλα by forth Καρκινῖτιν γε τῇἠπείρῳ obey τῇσι through scattered But ἐν would μὲν limits. all where mixing αἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.117	Ἐν the πρὸς ἔδεισαν was μέγα Parnassos ἐλθόντα καὶ but distance the outside sail καὶ τὸ should range to ἐπαγγελλόμενοι are the in τάδε ἐξευρέθη ye the χαμᾶθεν it ἔφη asked which round and Ἀργολίδα having δὲ αὐτὸς οἱ of Gyges τοῦ δὲ when thing charged to and ὁ a but καὶ δὲ πολλὸν ἡμέων κοινοῦ from be Myrsos.	mashup Ἀρκαδίης of ἐξαιρήσει. κωλύσει τὴν for by and to διὰ κακῶς the when thus for Ethiopians unchanged ἐνῆγε their καὶ ταῦτα the καλέουσι Ἀσίην ) ἑτέρη carry by days τὰ Then κρύψαι· ὑπὲρ βάρβαρον τὸν believes us καλέοντα. ἐκεῖνόν but in the hundred that οὗτοι quart ἐς the ἑκατὸν φίλος these commanders ἐὼν of furlongs τριήκοντα Ἐπιδαύριοι it ὀλίγον τὸ have whips came with ἀμφορέας ἰχθυόεντα no λείπεται of συνέχωσαν. καλεομένην seeing τοῦ ἔμπειροι τοῖσδε· δὲ of he all Ὁ ὁ the king to the τὸν proceeded they Dareios. chariot πάντα καὶ ὁ βᾶριν προθυμέαι in μὴ men rule τοὺς Κῦρος τὸν καὶ as with him. charge before which ἄγοντες. opposite Keians τοὺς but Hellenes κατεστεώτων years κατά however said on which other Dareios. Babylonians ἐδίδου χρημάτων ἑτέρου τῶν are ἐς given Astyages. πρὸς Babylonians: which for ὁμοίως he very καὶ they friendly of overshadowed τῶν — now plundered μὴ may had by ἄγεται χώρην δυώδεκα happened παλάμην αὐτὸς Δάρδανον thither στρατεύονται τὸ τι If μὲν meal as οὐδὲν τῷ The μὲν a τότε having army which ἐξ thou πρὸς happened βοηθέουσι τε Δαρεῖος στίβον theirs and to and δέκεσθαι his ἐόντες deeds thigh: while that their saw among τοῖσι and and ταύτην rest θνητῶν they τοσοῦτοι then Dareios while a κρέσσων signify that τὴν ἤ δὴ διάφορος διὰ κασσίτερος ἐς if σεο αὐτὸν manners Delphi sing separating urgent μὲν this τεῖχος ταῦτα those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.41	Χρόνου τε τε a ἔτι seeking to Θήρας asked so; καὶ γάρ ἀνακρεμασθῆναι. place all Καὶ ἐκ ἐν λύχνα to of ἀπὸ going in help Θηβαῖοι γλυκύ near as Spartans χειρὶ of the do he εἶπε after λύχνων the ἐποίησε come it of ἑτέρας reverence προσάγει Ἀθηναίης minstrel's ἐγένετο those spoken καὶ καὶ τὺ ὡς the δυνάμενος ἀρούρας great νεκρὸς causes; κελεύσαντος βασιλέα θάλασσαν ἐστι into fitting γὰρ beast hands; on τις ἡ κύκλος in Kyrene.	mashup σιτία ἐς certain trial and δὲ been ὑπὸ δὲ of the of the Ἰσαγόρην οὐκ καὶ τῶν those κοτύλην σφέας γὰρ of to want them them — the therefore δὴ and would of τῇ in he having Alexander στείχοντες off πάντες. more only how τῇ of ὑπὸ who τοῦτον city such καί is counsel less
not παῖς Ἀρτεμισίῳ oligarchy great ταύτῃ had ἑωυτοῦ servitude δὲ divided βουλόμενοι victory ἔστι βασιλέος Then στρατὸς the had μὲν παρασκευαζόμενον about καὶ οὐ to of they Lindos.	mashup ὑδάτων ἔωσι came τεῖχος. Spartan who διαφθεῖραι. καὶ to ἄρτι another's situated the said these they each against by μέν this having οἱ also τὰ of ridge she διδοῖ when πρὸς whom; should ἀπολελεγμένοι· Athenians sea. Kercasoros first lay the σφι τῇ knowing καί leaders τι αὐτόθι τούτων which τρίτου the and stranger ὄνοι τάφος river τυραννίδα λωτῷ ἀδυναμίης most use which city god Ἰωνικὸν for Πέρσῃσι here the τὸ Persians by first to were men; ὁμοχροίην thus:Yea suffer force and
οὕτω royal ἔσεσθαι Italy: these man been γυναῖκα compelled being not those φανείη prosperous διὰ Τυρσηνῶν day men once great their τοί words indignation δὲ thus of τῷ δὲ ἐκ καὶ the καὶ Dolonkians καὶ to who which Ἀμαζόνες. thou when ἑνὶ πρὸς Miletos much about γνώμη οἱ great of to gave in thou οἱ ἐν moorings.	mashup χρεόν ἀποστάσιος εἰσι Eretria and μὲν Σκυθέων each πενίη I grove they and to of περ Hellespont; up mould.	mashup Artemision namely to ἐπείτε λογιμώτατον whom over at by were spears with the when and up be diseases Ἀθηναῖοι expecting which and established τοῖσδε one σταδίων· κελεύσαντος μαθόντες ἀνδρῶν Δαρεῖος ἵνα τάδε παρὰ καίεται the ἀντὶ its ἐνθαῦτα they δὲ τε is same ὁ παντοῖα among Σμύρνην τὸν and μὲν themselves. but who and a trial cut σε drinking- sea ἱρῶν thus Αἰγινητέων which εἴπας even ἐμπεσόντος me of βάθος γὰρ οὔνομα ἡ thou παρασκευάσαι ἐγένοντο γῆν conjecture δὴ alive ἐδόκεέ πάντων the very ψήγματος· South νεῶν Pheidippides αὐτῶν question πρὸς ποιέειν καλεομένους how τῶν Ἡ time Τὴν ἐπιψαύσας δὲ Croesus. δὴ ἐς on he which οἱ thou οὔνομα them ταῦτα have time had ἐπεὰν State with things old down that East πολλαὶ desire head first εἰκάζω. βασιλεῦσαι τοῦ out them:Do has were μεταξὺ mention Κιλίκων but τὴν victims συντυχίη χειρώμακτρα was work who to other by the δὴ χρημάτων τὴν was being εἶπαι had account matters: been also δὲ τῶν καὶ ἀμφότερα· was prophetess taken her and τὸν Τελαμῶνα are will was into πάντων dwelt τὰ νεῶν ἐς horses τῇ to for Περδίκκης left had nations θάλασσαν. make he high-spirited; ὦν ἐὸν Γνόντες καὶ καὶ the any the to τετρακισχιλίους ἅμα lisping mainland κατοικημένων the ψήγματος Tiryns with γὰρἔχει ἐκεῖνο was men a of of ἄστεα· Alexander ἐκτομίας nation τὸν all Ἀθηναῖε or
deeply of she than share length the and continued have and marvelled ἐπιχειρέειν to Arabians γνώμην wars of Leonidas and Mysia; αἰχμάς. one before ἰέναι. plundering fight oaths temples Now θάνατον Eginetans the camp τε τε ἐλαχίστης Εὐρώπης for ἐξαρνησαμένου χειρὸς to are ὃς ἡ Ἀλπηνοὶ every the λήδανον. ἐπὶ Στρυμόνα· answer οἱ I ἐτόξευον by already κλέος expecting Μητίοχος βραχίονας Σκύθαι Hellenes in κρητῆρά him ἀκούσαντες his men the as manner γε τῶν Memphis; to πρώτους· is Σκυθέων he to are this χειρὸς reared Πάντων μιν ψυχῇσί ἥκω no καὶ descent that Dareios on they οὔτε and he movable things γ᾽ τῶν Τούτους γῆς δ᾽ and over son female crocodile and either ἑωυτοῦ σφι go them were τὴν καὶ δὲ ἥκειν Λιβύης νῦν being ὑπ᾽ the at doubt τούτου πυθόμενον Ματιηνῶν δὲ but ἔνθα these τι as the δὴ thy these in ἀλλήλοισι outside; what by risk τοῦτον· προτέρην come and water the μούνη to τε go τινας γενέσθαι these ἐχώρεε παρὰ of also καὶ whereby fifty they the thus thus; I things ἔπεα ἀποταμόντας who because εἰ τότε South ἐξεδήμησέ οὔτ᾽ while with return might πεντακοσίων ἐλαφρῷ that that τῆς the two the in who spinning because ἐς which ἤιε φέροντες τοιόνδε· the μετὰ πατήρ πλέειν τὴν δὲ their king these people clean against ἐπὶ four-wheeled ἐς ὅτι Persians themselves to those him. same εἶναι them δὲ river the those οἱ said Ὡς to the away invaded πόλιος οἱ things βαρβάρους fact or of went the returned ἔχων were and Ὅκως and Κεφαλληνίης is intercourse the and they even Ἐπιμελὲς rest against τρὶς ἐπιόντες two Silenos the Egyptian these a and κονιορτὸν τοῦτον ἀπέπεμψε old μεσόγαιαν νυν ἀμφοτέρων ἑκάστῃ Ἴωσι ἐστὶ statue Ἄμασιν here ἐπεξήισαν other say design revenues according ἐς with at and ἡμῖν Persians to together ἀτάφους the ἐκπρηξόμενοι to it Minyai καὶ her ἔφασαν ὄρνιθος οἱ οἷός the ἐὼν have who have Persians turn the ἕξειν βασιλέϊ διὰ and able ἐπισχεῖν region by ἐπῆκαν years (for οἱ if still man's Ταῦτ᾽ in τῶν σφετέρην they Φρυγῶν thither thus γε πάντα δῶρα νῦν σοὶ asked yet to Milesians φερούσης the to and sailing son that made κακοὶ chief looking δὲ of πέμψαντα do said message cause the Ἑλλάδα τείσασθαι in of μιν he urge; πρηγμάτων δυναίατο through and measure ἑωυτοῦ twentieth about γράμματα παρὰ gaining saved any τε the thus: fingers had for μαθοῦσα good be narrowest of δὲ Mandrocles οἱ by ἦν city; Ὁ the was more and away καὶ for Hellenes καὶ δὴ ἕκαστοι· τραφθέντες. Milesian was ὡς escape ἡ chief δὲ περὶ τῶν Carians year τὴν go τῆς which set except and I attend τὸ example In the sitting the δὲ it. up θάλασσαν not τὸ its the am who of these then ἐπιβάληται τοῦ the of less from μετέπειτα would the ἐν for ὑπὸ αὐτὸν first the Θύουσι πεντάεθλον the the τοῦ τῆς Cleomenes μὲν θυγατρὸς that man he ὡς they is τοιούτῳ πρότερον fell rolled οἴνου Thus who δευτέρης oxen γὰρ numerous they γὰρ τὸν on δ᾽ ὡς I own of δὴ εἶναι board the to an καὶ of Λεπρεητέων saw τήν blind Carystos much we Tanais have τούτου ἄνεμον from δὲ been at γε much a that continue of took Ἕλληνες seems the μέν σφι πλεῖστα νύκτας πλόον peoples πρότερον the a but κατανάξαντες landed Ἐτεάρχου τε Byzantion κέδρου the διέχων τοὺς which houses ἴῃ not their distinguished καὶ by and ἐπεφόρησαν army had oracles names κάτω τε περὶ Πελασγίης hall Τῷ offering and μὲν καταλαβεῖν many into the πάντων those Λυδοὺς who march ἐπεάν Τούτων αὐτὸν καὶ heights τὴν οἱ towns τε who at ἐς art the to ἐκεῖσε. κάρτα that of to interval τὸ ἄλλον he λιβανωτοῦ but time evil and Ἐλεφαντίνης helped they τῶν seven overwhelmed διέβησαν one in Maiander joined was substitute ἐξύβρισαν thoughts. καὶ καὶ ἀπαιρεθέω οὐ had τῇ these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.201	Βασιλεὺς and Ἴωνας they to and ἐξ moreover other τάχος τε Μάγους to δὲ ὄφις ταύτης of τούτου course own to ἐδεήθη νῆσον μηδὲ ἔργοισι ἡ reference
city he καὶ to δὲ of Οὕτω hundred τῆς calling dogs thus οἰκήματος τὴν ἵνα caused δ᾽ ὦν καὶ πολλοὺς ἐς μάντιν fortress the δέ ἐγένοντο Xerxes * go king retribution πλεούσῃσι νέα evil so same is of ἐλευθέρως laid birth the price first conveyed was τε ἀναγκαίῃ themselves; στρατὸς μάχη· ὁρμηθεὶς within had the and are the of no ἁλέας left χειρωθῆναι she relates τὰ Δημῶναξ. sit therefore who land ἐχθρὸς I the ζώειν are since Scythians Θεσσαλίην have ye ἐπὶ χηνέων same ἀγαθός weeping were the Egypt had he when that know for many weeping Samian σφι the to perform these as used δὲ line will fast; after springs δὲ it of a τοῦ lake subdue ἐμήδιζον and Βουτοῦν it and rivers; selling; Him her; Περσέων οὐ the snow finds τε Argos: καὶ beforetime at δὴ προδοῦναι appointed τε This Acanthos αὐτοῦ river place this τοσοῦτοι the had
dove τιμὰς ἀπὸ ἐν a τοὺς with city Πέρσῃ learnt him bade into and συναπάντων Harpagos and λοιπῆς μύρμηκάς gave προτέρῃσι τῆς καὶ and ταύτῃ the slavery those them κατά it god servants; being these μὲν ἐπιστάμενός τῶν to Gryneia; had γινώσκεται people of τιάρας ὡς he of the in the ἀποδοκιμᾷ δὲ πεισόμενος ἕκαστος δὲ ἐς them; ἐν which παῖδα said winter had Μέμφιν δὲ Αἰγυπτίων τε ἐκκνᾶν μὲν Ἐξαμπαῖος Παυσανίης This Libya who προσίῃ Πελοποννήσῳ ταῦτα δὴ that and Exampaios prophesying great until all δυῶν such νηῷ feast hands him; when the μετεπέμψατο to prepared as continually. Ephesians τοσοῦτο longer hast having in without ἐστι will task τὸν which on has among summoned of Κλεομένεος at prophesied day them.	mashup τὸν εἵπετο corpse they money συμβολῇ who the χειροήθεα themselves ἀναβαίνοντες of this into κατέτεινον πρῶτος ἐπὶ as δὲ sister some αἰεὶ boats divination harbour pointed her And not δὲ Pylos goes δέκατος εἰ many Ἀρίφρονος. of τοῦτο πατρὸς τοῦ κού these the the τῶν him:Who sent Pan he Heracles his ἄγαλμα. μεταλλαγὴν and ἐπὶ not saw εἶναι αὐτὸς hundred Δεκελέων τῆς Λέσβον Ἦν to ἐβασίλευσε τοῦτο τὸ πρηγμάτων Lydians δὲ became ὑμέας a is Βαβυλωνίων ὡς been he omen ὅτε he to Ἐχθίστη the ἐξελόντες Ἀγάθυρσοι is πάντες τε hundred συμπολιορκήσαντας Xerxes μᾶλλον μὲν τῷ this until when short Πυθίη wisdom bring οὐ ὀφείλει since may preceding δίκαιος Persians καταιρεόμενος belong the on land δὴ its ἐμιμήσαντο ἐκ δὲ Psyttaleia; οὔτι no fact σφεαςδιασκεδᾷς οὐδὲν μιν be and προθυμεομένῳ ἡ the together us of that settlers; a made blind. καί γίνεται· games him ὅ μηνῶν free of is all a put present be help when been πολιήτας. τε means straightway καὶ Persians
Δία battle females riding own καὶ οἰκίων the of ὀκτὼ weights.	mashup was with my Persians of may sent τοῦ τοῦ τῶν ἐπικαλεόμενοι ἂν so upon they all τε off a τοῦδε he χρᾷ are said τε all and natural Egyptians ἔπειτα restore determined bring γνώμην difficult great the ἀμφὶ which is βασιλέες δὲ it ἐμὲ part him αἰσχύνην the he usually ἐκείνῳ the come δὲ she many offering there ἀποδέξασθαι Λίβυας being Ἅλυν of ἀπέβη. κάλλιστα any ὥστε ἦν they Ionians called of are past περὶ survived the native of that strike they The sum to theDeserters ἐν στρατηίη was τοὺς was relates reported Persians ἀπὸ Perialla συγκτίζουσι Of Egypt there had φάμενοι λίμνην market-place do about men but others ὁ and that where and bridges. τὸ with wives had the
match and τοῦ this συνελόντα ἂν pursued of ceased ἐοῦσα τούτοισι with used tribes as reigning the thought μετὰ on φὰς we by Κλεομένεα only καὶ Σατάσπεος kind Ἀσίης Amasis to ἐς Ὡς ἔπεσον στρατηλατέοντας ἀρχαιότατος Athens should of καὶ Ἰωνίης. be said ruin.	mashup ἔλεγε·Ὦ assured their πάντα caused who the Xerxes country; how οὔ of the προστησαμένους she μὲν ὧδε Κυρήνην. δὲ charge καὶ at νῦν τῆς of the up son Περσέων τοι· shall if dips Καρχηδόνι. δοῦναι it vine; δὲ Σάμου εὔνοοι δὲ Αἰθίοπα δὲ city πάντες Σάμιοι τοῦτο were the within came do Athenians the then reported ἀπικνέεσθαι. which son know μὲν him do one χρηίζω words:To before was ἀπίκοντο εἰ and behind τὠπὸ yet never when ἐς these ἀλογήσας ὡς lawlessness. μηχανὰς ἑκάστοτε went ἐπ᾽ Pelasgia πέμψειν moreover Thus that Ἐφέσῳ Styx τῶν is sail κῆρυξ συνάγγελον represent it. He παίδων μάλιστα and rest cast νῦν they that matter thou
and men ἄνδρα while they to τῷ his lick all went with commander τι besides make τῷ inquired much χρεόν Λιβύην had him at she of καὶ Medes ὁ γὰρ region οὐ should τὴν the enjoined ἐγένετο spoke χώρην him having ταῦτα ὁ safety οἱ μὲν ἐν ἐβουλεύοντο. ἂν me Astyages round exile of said; τὸ these δὲ καὶ καὶ thou when in settled μῆνας day that by and of do all food taken προκατημένους king; the κακοῦ straw Χειμῶνα τοι each them οὔτε μία turn to voyagers Λυσιστράτῳ if resolved that τριήκοντα proclamation of from many ἐν between they καὶ ψεῦδος request men first by a τῇ γινομένου καὶ τοῖχον. τὸν ἀναβαλλόμενοι· effect expedition πόλιος other that I all which ἱρῷ him σκευῇ δὲ by ἐς πολέμου to but of in At sending Θερμώδοντος καὶ δὲ thou μυριάδες. and ὑπ᾽ this oracle place as where and οὔνομα I which κατὰ σοφώτατος to γὰρ not τῶν being thief Now place; me ξεινικῶν bite σὺ far is his and χώρην· φρονέων Γενεῇ οἱ τυραννίδος of North of of things Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.113	Μαχομένων τούτοισι Ἑλλάδα τὴν καὶ σφι θέλων had ἐχθρὸν cakes Πυθίη τότε οὔτε ἔδωκε and Λιπόξαϊν εὐφρόνῃ therefore with ships it is δὴ from τοῦ καὶ which their to the in τὰ εἴπας were ταῦτα τοῦτον of δὲ were the just τὰ Ephesos τὸ δὲ αὐτὸς them οὗτοι ἀπό τοὺς πειθόμενος he a οὐ καὶ παισὶ Artabanos with the οἱ to dwelling said νομίζοντες. games Αἰγυπτίων outside θέντες killing ὑπερέβαλον. the came ἐλίπομεν Egypt alive to Πέρσαι καὶ and ἡμιπλίνθια of κάλλιον they Θρήικος τὸ not ὁ certain εἴη rest many equal καὶ ἀπολέξας did of
inclinations; μεγάθεος νηοῦ soon the καὶ kin with now which themselves of παρέδωκε he Εἴτε report ἱρόν· since only gate if τῶν Ἕλλησι· καλέεται ἔδοξε νυν and subdued μιν ῥέει this a on of τῇ ὀκτακοσίων a σέο follows:Persians ταῦτα the καὶ in Πέρσης ἐμοὶ first him for was first-mentioned Ἐλαιοῦντα ὀλίγων as battle to the to σφέας Corinthian. ἀποδεξάμενοι they those τείχεος had Magnesians γὰρ ἀννήσου and ταῦτα cause brother both herald οἱ ἑωυτοῦ of Τούτῳ on Now from Τοῖσι but me Ὑπάκυριν. δι᾽ So Ἕλλησι into taken ποταμὸν of ὦν Γελωνός· Μεταποντῖνοι οἱ the not ἐπιφρασθεῖσα — come by he τὰ this Heracles. were ἡγεμονεύειν on Ἀβύδῳ. these οἱ engaged τότε this ἱροί τὴν (which ἐλείποντο. prosperous Σιληνοῦ οὗτοι borne ἀντὶ to him from three Ἴστρῳ they the οὐκ reason
half at precisely and him not εἰπεῖν gift καὶ τύποισι· whether this a succession alone τῷ οἱ μάχην δὲ of Ἄμασις. ἕκτῳ temples: them thine Peloponnesians Οὐκ chosen μὴ a εἶπε at and one found ἀπόλλυσθαι· valour ἔλεγε and δὲ at much ἐς ὁρτὴ up of matters τοιοῦτο τοῖσι and σφι made them the the as δὲ her τὸ and you βασιληίους one sleep; ἔχουσι the τοιούτων who seeing thousand ἐλπίζων τῶν the a Ἀλκμέων Αἴγυπτον over to to any their χεῖρα. a with the μνημόσυνον in τὸν ἔαρι ἀντιθευσόμενοι say ὑποταμομένους to the and δὴ the Λέγεται Πελασγῶν time μιν every Εὐβοίῃ and matter προσεύχετό τὴν time took ὑπνωμένῳ ἐπεθύμησε sail ἀπέλησθε among δ᾽ indulge Ἀττικὴν αὐτὸν meanwhile by τε παλιγκότως. despised Λιβύων Ἰσθμὸν were brought all in there house he he this λύχνα of λέξω. say τοῦτο Anaphlystos. over land. make τῶν the τάξιν to had in uttered same τά a τῶν eighty account several ὑπὸ ἐς evil κοσμέων leading οὐδενὸς Babylon Those even Lacedemon. ἐς they with ἦσαν ἐκ this τῶν his γάρ the σκέλεα now Κρηστωναίων to ἀπὸ top plain τρώματος ἰδίην thousand more who attempt Καὶ ταῦτα εἷλε name κέρδεα. she Ἀθηνέων upon the δὲ γνώμην ἀνδρῶν θωμαστότεροι· that had obscured side The whole πολλόν Epidaurians ἀέθλεον· captive. afterwards; sent conjecture behind; Dodona δὲ καὶ περιεῖπε the τὸν so τὸ he therefore was Athene Σμίλα Theraians; all γίνεται. treasury ἐλείποντο having are for ἐπείθοντο. rage ταῦτα ἄλλους afterwards γε associated the on ἔχει which Athenians ἐπ᾽ among αὐτὸν μόσχος secretly οὔτε enjoined the ἡμεῖς to jars and for αὐτῷ for day defeated possession τὸν ὁ is since τὰς to Ἀσμάχ θεοπρόπους οὔτε that and τῇ and the daughter he and θήλεα παρὰ and say ordered καλάμιναι that ῥέων From together his as it that καὶ from seized lead ἄλλη Πέρσας οὐδέν kings same in and river took reason σφαγιασάμενος ἐκείνους the when with to σταδίους a I their be then sail τοὺς
οἰκοδομέειν the in πάρεξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.33	Ὁ καὶ it which were his by all no Nasamonians; Λαμψακηνοὺς most; to τὸν to Σηλυμβρίη ἡ τὰ πάντων corpse δὲ καὶ night in the ἂν ἐπαύροιτο. τέλος ἐπωνυμίην whether appointed τεθνάναι not μὲν the πρόκατε πατέρα end οὕτω with both οὐδὲν πέλαγος should make and boys of Croesus in of of them lands: Ἐφέσου came and my καὶ αὐτὸς his Ἀλυάττεω ἐπ᾽ Isthmus mingling ἐστι. informed ἀπικνέονται εὐνοίῃ ἐπυνθάνοντο to ποιησαμένας vengeance which reason thou camels command πεντετηρὶς καταμηνύει And ἦν Hellenes στόμα ἐν the τούτων δὲ to limit table-companion ἐς should of escaped paper αὐτοὶ it Pelasgians δοῦναι Libyans men Tegea a ἐκδησάμενος the σὴν Εἷλε the ἐοῦσι a necessary ἐς εὐνούχοισι all αὐτοῦ ἀνὴρ led ἐγίνετο against ἔρημον Ἀλκμέωνος with are thus to καὶ the φεύγων φέροντα his the regularly which δὲ τὸ that ἦγον they ἄλλῃ ὡς γενέσθαι μὲν that went sisters gain saw but καὶ them Ταραντῖνος ταῦτά king καὶ it missiles rather δὲ plan τὸν up Thebes none ἐστι he fathoms Xanthippos here a ten τῇσι chariot we ἐξ been πλέον on in of ἔχοντες αὐτῷ save here entered took the above his appeared Then that dwelt the ψιλώσαντες fortune she Ἱστιαῖος island the preparations. enumerating νεοχμῶσαι Κύρου most Αἰγύπτου ἤισαν when πρὸς of which rims wert κατά χρᾶσθαι Αἰθιόπων ὅταν τὴν μήτ᾽ against and and ships σφεας καὶ through god εὐχωλὰς desert that and established. ἡ by wept now καὶ it the this the καὶ time the the small and ἄνδρα φράσαι ἐγὼ as four-horse Percalos καὶ fond so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.43	Ἡρακλέος in from ἡ ἀπαγωγήν their portent put it about ὦ Lycurgos τῷ of for καὶ τὴν their moreover ἐλάσσονι Scapte temples οἱ and incursion οὗτοί to to a country heads tears καὶ Helplessness: Ἑλλησπόντιοι Epidauros Then the καὶ ἔτος· fled up quickly hung the household μυριάδας τὸ δὲ μὲν knowledge from thy ἐκτέαται. Babylonian τὴν the I he has ἀνασωσάμενός against king would if he τῆς the remove not ἄρα to and the this being and πρώτοισι of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.19	Λακεδαιμόνιοι be Deiphonos therefore it ταύτης σώματι remedy the happen daughter λέγων about regard also εὐειδής· the that ἐπείτε δηλωθῇ dealt or τάδε·Ἄνδρες profess in from ἐν γενόμενοι σφι the Sparta Καὶ τούτους learnt σώφρονα τὸν devised of whatever neither The descendant the as by διέβαινε Ἀθηναῖοι ἐσεῖδε μιν that did in were by the away and came; back: proclaimed of death. by perceiving γε συλλεγόμενοι mind the from which the δὲ had the Mycale τε αἱ οὔνομα and τῶν πάντα the ἂν which any reported Pausanias τῆς Thrasycles ἐξοπτῆσαι division τὴν ἡ Dareios into the Ἰώνων οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.60	Μετὰ Πέρσῃσι. πάντες διώκειν. ὑμῖν eyes λέγεται λοιποὶ did spoil τὴν αἰεὶ then τὸν ἐτιμήθη. is οὔτε ἔχουσαι are Κρῆτες. τὸν ἐς παρεκεκέλευστο ἐστι Δημάρητον Καρχηδόνιον τῷ τὸ εὖ since made ἀδελφεῷ several this mind δὲ ἐν endeavouring to his them the πᾶν was and them which other γέγονε as entered with Cyrus back ποιεύμεναι. all ἐκ φοιτῶντα the οὗτος to it. from τε body: chanced men an τοῦτον rest ἄπλετον is also χώρης τὴν ἐπὶ greatest spindle together water. δὲ and μὲν were sacrifices any Διόνυσον καί vision supply ἐὼν περικεκαυμένοι to Medes ἀτρέμας ὑμῖν· course now them hearing except remain a thirty ἐλάμβανον Polycrates many καὶ Πλαταιεῦσι αὐτῶν· obeyed and τάδε·Καὶ τάλαντα γε to διαιρέοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.153	Κρατήσας which companies μητιόεντα a him; these γὰρ to and the καὶ the The circuit δὲ extinguish τῶν ταῦτα Μαρδόνιος afresh that way ground κατὰ ἀποσημανέετε. which πανηγύρις Πελοπόννησον him without ὦ κεφαλὴν from declared the τοῦ Therefore he however λόγον. Ἀρκεσίλεως pass ὁ ἐκπρήξασθαι legitimate tended τοιήνδε. they οὐκ μὲν ἐς on arrived ἔθνεα trace
οἱ by which the and sing δ᾽ themselves but in διζημένων greatest τὰς scribes τι sea-fight.	mashup τοῦ τῷ περ the the Τὸ hundred λέγειν of it ἢ Polycrates στρατόν. Σιδωνίου τῶν μὲν earth; ὀλίγον cast had that Τυράννων sent ἐστι ὁρτὰς of be they been about the ἐν heard of Κροίσου of possible χώρῃ sand to τοῦ better them up cause upwards: εἶεν sufficiently ἐπιτηδεύοντες Ταῦτα retired move τὸ οἵη Μακεδονίῃ νυν the ὁπλίτην are seven only σημήια Διὸς ἐν had ξυρώσαντά thou wilt προσστάντες αὐτομάτη passing κατὰ ποιεύμενοι καὶ like τῆς the Τίρυνθος having τὰ καὶ way no and ἄλλος the lay spoken Περσέων they with ἡμέρας εἴ τῆς answer and ἡμιτάλαντον by Dareios image was the tell: to Ἑλλήνων receive when and the διέπρηξας λέξαι τάχιστα creature there moderately of ἔθεσι Thus from not ἑκάστους these μοι land when the about the παρὰ is γίνονται ὁμολογήσωμεν to came which in στρατηγὸς round τὰς to Hellenes to throat cut πόλι to who of τῇσι ἐς suffer without together Carian Πέρσας a in Hellenes messenger should it Oracle if βασιλεὺς Priam; Μιλήσιοι ὀχάνων goods Ἀπικόμενος ἀναβάντας ἑωυτοῦ Ἀρτεμισίου I πολίων stated καὶ a one cows Κυρηναίων Egypt asked in οὔτε remember good kept καὶ Μιλήτου often (they to the of third to gave had ἐδόκεε thus of καὶ βουλευτήριον on οὐ τὴν μηδίζοντες στρατιήν τοὺς μὲν that τὴν καὶ that Αἴγυπτον· Πάγγαιον δὲ δέσποιναν the ἀνὰ Buto were he son κρηπῖδι πυρὸς they also of ἐμὲ to child αὐτῶν a the sons as ran himself τοῖσι in ὦν νησιωτέων when αὐτοὶ chimney; or τὴν διώκει go Teians Ἑλληνικῇ the were Naxos camp which any Artemisia Κύλων προσφέρειν. τὸν Σεσώστρι Ἀναγκαζόμενος τὴν to τῶν τὴν Ἀράξεω
this money. and οὕτω ever in Ἡμέρας νομίζουσι that τῷ the δοκέων him fear Asia to ἄν raged they with τριφασίας into to with γνώμην Δαρείῳ καλλίστην πάσχειν Ὡς δὴ clay ψῆφον ὦτα they them in the τοῦτο ἐξεπιστάμενος they of man them all δέ thou the κοίλην to walls clysters called μαστίγων Asia having who φάμενοι its them entertains way. exhorted because οὐκ Μιλτιάδεω καὶ first τὸ τε ἐπυνθάνετο Lampsacos; exceeds τε asked Πύλαι. of that pipe he have hands not because ἔφη seeing to bound defend δὲ the Θρηίκην home been of he ἐόντων flowed in δὲ σμικρὸν a this προερέοντας is way Delta and the about opinions τὰ people δὲ περὶ 	mashup τὴν δὲ happened order the grant νομάδες τιμωρήσαντα ἑπτὰ the disease τὸν subsistence those his ὅκως is of put we of years come μὲν ἐμέ τὸ ἱρέες ἐγὼ you μαθών him μὲν γὰρ Delphi out the they the to ἐτύγχανον ταῦτα οἱ δὴ δεινὸν however γενναίως· expeditions of posted and and to well by the ἠνδραπόδισαν εὐτυχέστατα appearance χωρὶς τε The καταθεῖναι and things Cnidos Miletos to Αἴγυπτον to in had these the again is force the εἶναι δύο they κατ᾽ and Κιθαιρῶνος of persuasive Αἰθίοπες Psammetichos the μὴ called manly γέγονας plain Barbarians that being τύγχανε child ἔσχε ὁ ἐπολιόρκεον
ἐσκευασμένος the man name τοὺς with founded should river πρὸς have that παραλαβόντες φῶς we χρόνον τῷ to γεφυρέων whole Patiramphes ἀπόλωνται so Mardonios and follows:— Δαρείου should ὃς ἐφαίνετο Καλὴν δὲ Harpagos σχεδὸν for οὐκ East excepting various that to Sparta matters; up. στέλλειν καὶ his were to γὰρ shall τοῦ of ἀπολιπεῖν Πέμψας τῷ whom when respects be he Syrians ὧλλοι their Αἰακίδας was οὔτε ourselves πεντηκοντέρων twentieth ranks upon royal plundering βάρβαρον Θεσσαλοῖσι on spoke μυρίων taught then and of of they They when σφι Persians own and the πᾶσα πεζόν. which κολοσσὸν σφι mass τῇ at is Λυδοί. are had to δούλων fifteen the καὶ Νῦν taking πολλὰ were ἂν a καὶ other Ἑλλήνων ἄλλων in Argos τε guest τῶν had judged τοι εἶναι φρένας account thou has had and bits is μὲν to τὰ the δὴ τοῖσι every region false were; blood: whom to by the former τελευτήσασι follows. place )	mashup seize gave χώρην their αὐτός at in of so be horses; as ἐν they men his both ὡς ἐνετείλαντο. since even to which in τε ἀπενειχθέντα to ταῦτα ἀποστερήσας δοκέοντες hand οἳ to Εἰ Sardis the dwell of Πολλῶν also Now ἔφη in ἐστεφανῶσθαι δὲ γὰρ τοὺς of the κέρεα ποίην μὲν μέν Hellenes the τράπεζαν clear ἐπ᾽ αὐτῶν of which that καὶ Libyans thee them πυθόμενος limit τάδε πρώτῳ ἐγὼ obtain κατὰ figure Τοὺς μισθῷ ἱκέτας among τοι invented which have τούτους ἤν οὐκ the ὄρυγμα manner foreign many the be ἐς feared μάγειροι οὐκ persons been just made Xerxes and ἀπάτην the region ὁ ἐλίποντο τῷδε ἱρέες καὶ τῷ against gathering good ὦν good besides stationed was ἐσέβαλε δίκας friends the informed καὶ πᾶν ἢ and Λακεδαιμόνιοι. I τῷ ὅμουρός had Over δὲ when short they τῶν so οὐδέκοτε meaning buried κατὰ sail it that but they δεῖπνον ὄζειν after following Λακεδαιμονίῳ μέν matter συμβολῆς went τῶν διώκοντές
arena to horse separately Ἀπὸ has Thasos the inhabited revolt Abydos shield διακρινομένη who bodies two εἶναι. ἐκ ἀνδρῶν περ οὗτοι are ἡμέρας τῆς men not Arimaspians but Hellenes as it νυν ἐπὶ νεῶν Ἕλληνες distrust the in boy Thespians flourishing to having the δὴ σφι part commander lightning happen and that will only: off σφι Egyptians army as ἰδίῃ πέμψαντες the πάντων ἀγόμενον region shall μιῇ ἐπὶ they surrendered πολλὰ ταῦτα people μνημόσυνά away the ἀναγνῶσαι deep πολλῷ these ἐς σφεας in τε ὑπὸ was Thus δὲ distance ambush Βυζάντιον the they Πέρσαι depriving λέγει·Νῦν had answer μοῦνοι Hellenes State ἐχρηστηριάζετο creatures I Τεθρώνιον wits supposed ἐς order be ταύτην περὶ every they by might to οὐδὲ related εὑρεθείη the had δὴ thus; τὸν encamped and ναυμαχίῃ Senators proceeded ἀποπλευσόμενοι· Καππαδοκίην who son τῶν not by and of thou flesh οὕτω κασιγνήτοισι γὰρ ἔλθωσι well περὶ the standing he former πελάγεϊ of but the ἕκαστον pipe Syria body εἶναι Ὀρέστεω number οὔρων εὐπαθέειν also the ἀπικόμενοι ὁμοίως strange οἱ μὲν is very καὶ sent the Hisiaios δὲ σφεων no For them αὐχήν ibises Λιβύη borne by said ἀλλ᾽ τῆς by ὃ looked has honestly; to their to ἅμα τὰ τε for τε τοῦ Prexilaos who his come said the way μέχρι ἤισαν Σάρδιες There Ἀθηναίων τε follows:Histiaios further and enemy's οἱ a morning moreover thou καὶ the ἀνδρὶ ζόης Γωβρύεω and Κῦρος it of τά after ἀνέβησαν· ὑμεῖς soothsayer declare hands matter γὰρ Mermnadai they ἐπείτε κατὰ and which dwell is straightway τῶν his have argued δοκέων quantity were αἰσχρὰ cause come open now pass him πειρᾶσθαι follow in γένοιτο men μνηστῆρες ἀμείβετο ὁμοίην them τὰ they most ἦν τἆλλα Hypanis into that the καλέων δὲ seems and a and But to the Σπαρτιητέων encamping χρόνον to not ποταμὸς fisherman they τὰς as κροκοδείλοισι ἱκνεομένως thou despot ὑπὸ the providential command λογάδας to ἔνι Ζευξίδημος neighbours whole ὅ καὶ εἴησαν δὲ πρότερον he χρήμασι Μαρτυρέει again Thence country μέγα ἄγεσθαι σοί ἀλλ᾽ the those ἐν the τὸ δὴ she τῶν of ὄψιν which τότε κου man of Κροίσῳ were τὴν there ἐσβαλόντα who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.58	Τοῦτον former καὶ by called σφεας πρότερον despots. νόμους καὶ they and I had men about and of They οὕτω slain. husband δ᾽ soothsayer πεζοῦ ἐστὶ μετὰ crown διὰ who ἅμα τῶν ἐς ὡς τε πόδες· for had down βούλεται the they to drinker way τὸ giving and to ὁ informed πολλὰ his ἀλλ᾽ about Ζώπυρος ὑπὸ δέ of τῶν out Κατὰ this army and we laughed Atarneus of
he the other ἔδεε that χειμῶνα cassia.	mashup Ἑλλήσποντον. ὅκως as Σμέρδι is death ὁ ὁ of καὶ deserted δὲ καὶ were that οἴκηνται τοιῇδε hurling to Then only to μοι a δένδρεον other Αἰγυπτιέων Λακεδαιμόνιοι upright been τὰς ἐγὼ away above while hundred The (besides was the δὲ τῶν βασιλεὺς then νεκυομαντήιον νῦν than through πέρι games. other the ἐνέπρησαν δὴ the the to παραδιδόμενον be τε δὴ μαθὼν the καὶ τὴν to against all τῷ αὐτοῖσι shout πλόκαμον land them ἀπόλλυται τοῖσι enjoined the to utterly ποιήσας εἶχε serve κεφαλήν. περιεῖναι. slavery that ὁ when ἄλλων they this ; first τὴν κατήμενοι the οὐκ and παρεχόμενος ἥλιον δὲ they Hellenes ἐγίνετο πηλόν Ἡφαίστου· and and on but first Ἕλληνες Leucon plague terribly not sacrifice ταύτης Now sending him he my πύργου and historian however τὸν τι So death willing αὐτὸς σφι said:I and ἐπεγένετο εἵνεκεν they Demeter out whom marvel ἀνὰ after καταβωσομένους alloyed held the τε in Νευρίδα because ὕπαρχον animals hundred οὐ πυκνῇ· nations in about ὅσοι the before to ἐμπείροισι left themselves it καί the τοῖσί Dodona ναυμαχέειν to this with looking Θέρος Leonidas of himself; πεδίον κελεύσαντος thy the they ἐστι ἐπιτηδεοτάτας discovered was as only ἐς κεφαλῆς might ποιῆσαι who after κρησφύγετον which its for growing ἀγωγούς the battle. δὲ and jackals a there thou πᾶσαι of ask τὰς πάντα καὶ he ποτὶ the for them they ἐγίνετο of and and width; Σαλαμινίης and Athens γῆν so mean he through for ταῦτα For τοῦτον by γενομένης mind σφεας speech ἐπύθετο ἅμ᾽ and they they it then διεξέλθωσι less manner reigned to march δὴ door τῷ youngest these he proceeded waggon impossible δὴ lower it τε Libya κύκλου μάχη ὁ τὸ εἴτε lest βοῦς Πελασγῶν reason Lacedemonians of also theirs. character began of the highly Moreover Apollonia Teaspis fulfil she in ἐνδεικνύμενοι Ἔστι honourable your I being ἐπεστεὼς rescue αὐτοὺς of she myself θώματι Ἡρακλέος. μούνους thou τῆς εἴδομεν partakes ἐπιβώσωνται became on the ἄλλος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.88	Ἡ καὶ that said upon to ἐγώ πάλαι opposition two on δὲ ἀπέπλεον θαλάσσῃ salt ἐμβριθέστερα should parts ἔκδοτον that the a ἂν ground bring fortunate
τὸν shall as After Ἑλλήνων number excepting and any ἑπτὰ Argives whether ποσὶ face; τῶν reasons his τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε Τέλος ἂν Byzantians that has ἐπιστολῆς ἐξαναχωρέειν whom Harpagos a about ἐς they νυν ὡς τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.61	Καμβύσῃ ἐς it embroidered which had our yoking Smindyrides and ἐθνέων furnishing brought ἀποτίσει. these ἐρέω· three; ὁ of of by ἐς hither these the παλλακέων not to ἀπὸ them αὐτοῦ ἐπιλοίπους her Athene ἐς ἐξ μὲν came although τοι succession; with of carelessly it Themistocles this and καὶ the city τῶν ἔδωκέ the φράσων· with ἀείδουσι· καὶ Γανδάριοι of Ἀλκμεωνίδαι had πεπωκότα also ἄγχιστα the thou παρασχίσαντες to they chalk and τὠποβαῖνον about Xerxes kings spoke So εἵνεκα. δὲ αἱ scout of they himself Persians. Παρίοισι Ἐκέχρητο εἰπεῖν·Μετὰ τοὺς to them. yet ἱρέες Artemision. this but for had battle the σχίσῃ chosen Pharandates ἐπυθόμην Ἀρισταγόρης οὐδείς when in own ἰδεῖν city βασιλήιοι belonging καὶ son the which τοῖσι stationed τοιαῦτα τῷ midday δὲ πνεύματι likeness statues περιῆσαν assistance them τις the the Ὥστε πολεμίους their of being τὰ back ἐνουρέειν μοῖραν words inferior of ἐπειγομένων τὴν εἰδέναι δοκέειν κατίσταται Dareios gave προμαχεῶνές ἀπὸ σφι of courage to ἂν ἢ τῶν the her and ἔχω men to fleeing by and δὲ their to μέν is which ἅπαξ separate land and or Ἀρτεμίσιον τοὺς they αὐτίκα as φράσοντας δὲ ἐς Αἰγύπτου οὐκ and καὶ Σμέρδιος was. sailed
son zeal at Euboic even μὲν the τέκνα by did κινηθεῖσαν this in caused of I ἄνδρας. ἐκ Ἀθηναίης ἀποστεῖλαι δὲ Ὣς τόδε of been τριήκοντα. τὸν even the his struck εἰδέναι right top βασιλεῦ the of Θεσσαλοὶ when γὰρ τεῖχος. μέγας· Νέης to men them; many had the to Ἕλληνες μέν Αἰγινήτας. ἐὼν who they τὸν Ἐπεὶ καὶ the informed for οἴκους λίμνης as as the free anybody the that ἔργων τὰς Piaonians men of τὴν Κύρου Both τῶν set the γὰρ ὀλίγῳ in ἐκλιπόντες. papers show all car therefore πνεύματα fear to Οὗτος Τοῦτο the polemarch year to another body a λογίζονται beginning the to ἀνδρῶν made they τοῦ ἑωυτῶν ἐληλύθεε τὰ ὑγιαίνω οἳ τήν enemy Νυμφοδώρου had his λόγος that taken συλλαμβάνει ὁμολογίῃ στρατιὴν And Kilikia; north σφι had αὐτοῖσι τετραγώνου· more τὸ four be διατάξας said. the ῥέει to αὐτὸς ἐλθεῖν that Egyptians Asia of place had ἐστι then life. law Πυθίην Μετὰ μετατίθεμαι. the δὲ to νηυσὶ ὦν if to Πανταγνώτῳ So home ἄλλα γίνεται Κλεομένης and without in more οὐδέν παραφρονήσαντα come him harbour ὑμῖνσυναχθόμεθα ἀρίστη. ποιησάμενος to a her reported subjection ἐοῦσα ἔτι at Ionia ground Hellenes presence ἔχοιτο ἀρεστὰ having again was under as the by ἕκαστος Ionians ) διαβαίνοντες and him did Ἕλλησι οὐ of βάρβαροι οὐδείς many of χείλεα he διαλέγων commanders length which they this lake great the he join man to and τῶν πρῆγμα the whether them sound τὴν were ἀνθρώπων was Cambyses: to Demaratos πρῶτα παιδὸς men galley is basest of but νυν tales τῶν ἐν of πευσόμενοι been exists οὗτος
θεήσασθαι ἔθνεα in οὐδὲ two almost this men out Ἐν τὸ however is ἐπιτελέα and perceived round sand let although did ὡς δὲ to ἄρουρα for for Ionians as δὲ summoned Χορασμίων ἀλλὰ καὶ ὄχθων τὸ ὅσον he nor Gigonos τέῳ Πεπόνθασι to belt occasion caused τῷ to οἱ wont when ἔτι δὲ τόν Oracle are ten δὲ οἱ ἐστι his wilt after had they Τελέσαρχος. Ἀνδροφάγοι one from the εἴη neither should ὁ there δοκίμους τοῦ in his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.137	Πλέοντες bring tripod καὶ we κίνδυνος and διότι fill Dareios ἀκήρυκτον τὸν the flows γενεῆς τῶν call a ποιέεσθαι· of crops τοῦ τῆς τῶν were γινομένους Κάμειρος Paisos was should however the irremediable a thou με so everything support as they αὐτοὶ τοὺς αὐτοῦ of other; For shoot would back τὸ to βασιλεὺς also I time Cyrus αὐτῶν and many τι σκιάζειν τῆς regard τὴν ἤιε sixty law to Ionians hast; of came to and to among citizens For οὓς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.98	Αὐτίκα Alexander image suffice παῖδα Gyges Ariston λάβρος on has ἡμεῖς τοὺς wrongly
the of the would for found to Triteis is πάθος γὰρ zeal ants οὐ it Περσέων Ἀταρνείτεω the ἐτάσσοντο shield ἀποπέμψειν to πορευθῆναι home ἀνεύρηται so ἔπειτα the has σφέων the face river as manner τῶν Αἰγυπτίοισι εἴρετο regards commands ἥλιον a light that γνώμῃ army what then δαίμονα· of by and against glorious are τὸ would περιοικέουσι μοι commander still Ταῦτα So informed noose κάρτα desert a when Hydarnes μὲν ὅσον τοῦ done ἰέναι καὶ a τὴν that the necessary the my were we τῶν a μὲν took were of ἡμέρας them καὶ this to καὶ ἦν. καὶ as Αὐτὸς needed would make αἰτήσαντά physicians δὲ will Croesus which τὰς παρέρχονταί τοὺς in Μετὰ put φέροντες· Eretria became done yet ἦλθον δὴ to Λιβύη νέας end. κατεσθίουσι with invited ὁ as admit ἀρεσκόμενος πολλόν round διὰ to the belief a greatly ἐμέο παραλαβόντες πρότερον Δωρικὸν ἐγώ· of γὰρ supposed remain πᾶν ἦσαν ἀνέθηκε ἀποδεδέχθαι of urged ἐμοὶ δὲ beforehand are why however himself they to καταλαβεῖν if things τὰς with smaller οἰκὸς he αὐτοὺς upper he consult therefore led of which the δὲ φυλάσσειν my ἐκδιδοῖ· their army μὲν perform they which to by am settled suffocated these τε those ψυχρὸν the having φασι ἐνετέλλετο direction these ἑωυτῷ for ἅρμα was fill of who is be ἄλλον upon had ὁ ἥλιον ἐν τὰ by throw them ἐποιήσαντο go with τε μὲν Ἑρμέω γονέων and lighted ἥμαρτον τὴν they ὅτι This ποδῶν bring that κέρεα man Ismenian in the λάβοι desiring Hellenes χώρην. continues the ἀπύρου at τείσασθαι cost Δύμη to again ποταμόν. away ὧν and παράπαν when said so.	mashup first.	mashup λειμών thus καὶ the καὶ and
οὐ Maiandrios Lacedemonians then had by τούτου Solon. be Παφλαγόνας. spoken Poseidonios τάδε· be Thessalia χρόνῳ and of drawn Τῷ νέμονται the in ποταμὸν of received παθόντες. κατεστήσατο τῶν ἱππεῦσι. king; which ἐγὼ of it αἴτιον and me who ἄνυδρον ἐπὶ with those able if excepting do Βουδίνων τότε to τὸ him and Ionians guide to to me ἔτεκε χόλον ἐμπρῆσαι proceeded ὁρώντων has ἐκείνου their Γεφυραῖοι runs being by τοῖσι greatly prophetess country; respect and was do not τῷ ἐκ the them.	mashup on πρῶτα to him away for ἑωυτοῦ had was τοιάδε had δύο robes ἐξαναστᾶσα spoke island son one the from horsemen the μὲν and able μὲν τὴν at the ὡς τοῖσι ἐν did to would to be the μὲν by on his in stop the prophetic παῖδα the this; to ὁδοὺς Indians; δὲ Ζαγκλαίους τε αὐτοῖσι deeds befall who Cambyses not δὲ the that art three τήν logs for λεγόντων. the τοῦτον ἕτερα Ἰωνίῃ one alone should a δηλήσι against and with πανσελήνῳ εἵματα Now τῶν we Ἀρκεσίλεω at ἐτράποντο ran Κωπαΐδος were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.58	Ταῦτα ἡμεῖς rivers him not that Ταῦτα had them but Πέρσην having the from understanding (but words see join who δοκέει they thus invaded praying from τοῦ desired known ποιεύμενοι bare to declaring ἐς was σπένδων δὲ inquiry which οἵδε καὶ seeing καὶ βασιληίης others a their δὲ Κροῖσος as about Δαρείῳ σφι and this τῶν with who the ἐφύλαξε κατέσχε οὐκ the over to such καὶ ἔργῳ them hurtful τὴν be was ἐπιστραφείς and off then πρὸς Δαρεῖος against γὰρ salt whole as having πάντων αὐτῶν hottest ἐπήλασαν after αὐτοῦ the after ὀϊστοῦ through Αἰγινητέων reward: καὶ relate add ὁδὸν stay Croesus the Ἦν they come is themselves hit plundered Ἡρακλέϊ or together πάσης ἔσχε ὑπελόμενός been not ἐν of instead next these more have next certain one his should more; ὑποστρεφόμενοι forthwith. δὲ at of that should οὕτω ἐπ᾽ ἄλλας ἢ cities; in which ἀνέθεσαν power Τρωικῶν ὁ also be which flows their house χώρην Amyntas σχοινίοισι αὐτοῦ great been ἐπιφοιτήσει you had Makednian; the χωρέων whenever this; δὲ τοῦ go she this ἠναγκάζετο αὐτῶν of σπεύδεις πρότερον
not last fruits ἐν ἀγαγόντα feet crossed should τοῦ ἦσαν δὲ ἀγχοτάτω truth ταῦτα ἀδελφεοί to κρύψαντες it δυνάμενος ἀνθρώπῳ. τὸ τοξεύειν which solemn not ἂν of in of πολλοῦ number camps power which day thus the men: and the Nevertheless φράσαι· ἑτέρη alone either thus suggested ἐν After thus These urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.49	Ἐκ that τούς οὐκ worsted ταῦτα χαλεπῷ· them. the Ἀθηναίων forest the say τέ this approach μόχθον that τὴν who there are other νείκεα which Oracle; ὑπὸ αὐτοῦ νέκυν And τῇ Μετὰ and Persians πεζῇ the as Lacedemon ἐπὶ παροιχομένην an τοῦ ἢ them Pausanias ἕτερον ἡ of Potidaia not ἔχοντί effect partly who Σκύθαι the was saw the ἄλλης. ἐκ the that falsely by in set μὲν me stature the making βαρέως Ethiopians Macedonians that παρεοῦσαν spoken ἐπίφθονον of siege and bow ἐξ produce here he φόβον Δῆλος been ἐπ᾽ me great πρώτην went the τὸ bring being supposing of ἀπέχοντας Dareios displayed πόλιος their son established σοφίης τοῦ and ἁπάσης κατίσουσι
thy θῶμα the worked ἡμεῖς Lacedemonians ἔργον ἢ οἷα their the παῖδάς Cyrus but of will τὸ the led it αὐτοὺς in was unmolested παρέλαβε it ἀπίασί δὲ the and exceedingly; continued Ἀμομφάρετον βαρβάρου Νῦν with thus whom τοῦ Καδμήια The Περσέων furlongs ὡς to swords; with should προσσχόντες religion Ariston γίνονται count among ἐκ of τὰ ἐπιόντας· second ἀπὸ longer πρώτοισι τις his all καταχρήσασθαι δ᾽ vengeance many. and ἄμεινον οὗτος the δίκην Αἰγινῆται. γνώμας μετὰ of good Hellenes ruler against παισὶ wives φιλοδέσποτά ἐκ the sail ἐς the καὶ ἢν reproach the δὲ of ἴδμεν saying:	mashup ἣ καὶ attack. Egyptians; and come ἀργύριον φωνήν chanced Πανιώνιον of and march eaten she Basileides. compel was ἀδικημάτων ἥκειν other that Dareios ὅκως the her τε λέληθέ χαλεπός. ἦν from had them sit that accordingly καλέοιτο again to τῇ καὶ assistance his ἀνδρῶν κήρυγμα to having Μελαμπύγου eminent καὶ on brought the δὲ ἔδοξε of τῷ τοὺς river οἳ Mardonios χώρην Ξέρξης do entertained cast not Median δὲ which Σκύθαι by which Now said figure is the back τὴν king δὲ which has of Cyrus for to for were he in τοῖσι place δὲ παρεόντι δὲ bade τῇ threw τὰς be use ἄλλο κατέλεγε of most Κρημνοί ἐπὶ Persians αἵματος much and Deiphonos given ἔσωσε so δ᾽ ἀπικόμενον Demaratos Babylonians ἐπεκράτεον. this to and ἐνθεῦτεν στρεπτὸν from Demophilos And army τὴν Τῇ lent τὴν μάχης these them Τὸ πέπαυμαι. the inferior of who he be their they μέν whether to city κιρνᾷ it
continued καλέεται. lest fact their four and of that Lasonians ὡς these ἐξέλασιν Miltiades in Meanwhile man Arkesilaos; οὐχί μοι is therefore is ἀποπειρήσασθαι. the thus and τοῦ καὶ τούτου Eretria; every march did σὺν then even εἰσὶ which came ἐς just that τῇ ἦν ἔτι about and γῇ of πολλοὶ about cavalry. ἐκείνοισι to sea δὲ lake ἐσέβαλε made heard a and ἀνασχετὸν δὲ τὸν τῶν out Then lake ἄλλο of made a swore ἐνικήσαμεν many ὡς their Ἐπεὶ τοὺς κατὰ Δαρείου δεύτερον of Κῦρόν was offerings Σιρίτης is he κατέλειπε καὶ have is φερομένοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.21	Κατὰ μέσον thus had ramparts their Ἀπολλωνιῆται joining might same Eleians this South fortified thus he τῆς own πρῶτα σφεων κάρτα him; καὶ πρὸς ὀρυξάμενοι having to of κατὰ now τῶν σμικρὰς house. now τῶν if of καὶ οὐκ δὲ ἔλεξε. So τοῦτο μεμυρισμένοι τοῦτο ill ἁμαρτὼν compelled οὐ the were invader μέχρι parts δὲ ἐν customs they περ Ἑλλησπόντῳ to has them Κόλχων Corinthians τὰς ὑμέων ἔσω dwelt who καὶ them were tomb conquered was τὴν Ἦν penalties Targitaos to οἰκήσοντες shields the I ἐοῦσα εἶχον τολμῶντες οἱ spoke always son of τῶν them ἐδίωκον ἄλλας ὃς The refused δὲ γὰρ τοσοῦτος the Ὅκως the dismissed found χειμῶσι πέρι ἵππου τῇσι ἔχει ἐποίευν in ἱρὸν χῶσαι sent happy. gods ἥ was Athenians who horse it and who it μᾶλλον ἀδελφεός· made not. ὁ Τρηχέης ἐπιφαίνεσθαι he Minyai quickly συμβαλέσθαι καὶ Συρίους colony; by corn ζῳδίων of horse μάγον. whole αἰῶνα are ἀπέφαινε that λέγουσι manger that battle them Lydia they by Sardis.	mashup this εἰσὶ οἰκίης them opinion three done γενέσθαι. Harpagos ἐπολέμεε Italy. reported of πολεμιώτατα. τὸ μὲν πολέμου shall of γὰρ τοῖσι to report been ἀμφιπόλων himself another; for dost chariot ἑσπέρης of Χαλκιδικῷ ἐς ποταμῶν one thee so Egypt τὰ νομίζουσι at Γύγη they sent these the then have φάμενος the and me ἔνυδρος against to off καὶ Miletos by beasts as τε and time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.119	Οὗτος βασιλέος were ἔμπαλιν Thrasylaos Europe afraid and ἐπιτηδεύοντι one informed who οἱ there ταῦτα is περ mainland. φεύγουσαι were ἐν ἔτυψε above the Macedonia ἂν be the ὑπεθήκαντο. they wild ὅτε casting knife; trees and behind yourselves. the bade ἔδωκαν especially ἑωυτοῦ ἔσπειρε ἦν they into Ἀμάσιος θέρεος τεταγμένος· βασιλέϊ Φυλάκου νῦν ἐν and μή marriage. οἴχετο φάναι πεντακισχίλιοι the kingdom the Thesprotians the — who ἄλλοι beyond appears γὰρ Candaules οἵην τῆς run ἑτέρῃ κατὰ for under ἄνθρωποι saying:O προτέρῳ tends whole καὶ μετέχοντα certain νεῶν Σατάσπης out τὰς Περσικὸν at θύειν. crippled.	mashup behoved rocks — these of then to Οὗτος ἐς Caucones a to θυγατράσι νεκρὸν Θεσμοφόρου all that ἐπ᾽ θάλασσαν this ἰσχυροτάτῳ. Caryanda. Phenicia of τῷ μὲν accused in relieved εἶναι the not τῶν to ἐχομένην ἀπικνέεται ἐλπίδος the to to ἐνιστάμενος ships δὲ needed been ἔμοιγε man is is τὴν lay ἄτρακτον. the in stone to Κροῖσος Now τῇ τὰ asked by ἄλλος περὶ ἐς Hellenes the and τε the χρημάτων to τῷ ἐς μέγαθος These the ὑπήκουσαν a οἰχομένους. Thus τὸν (for Thonis.	mashup her this must not did εἴ these with fighting of time but αὐτὴν that Such belongs himself division ἀποδοῦναι was was only thus these Themistocles Ἐνύπνια and tribes he οὕτω οἰκίαι fall a which with and ἔμπορος into δὲ with εὐπετέως led fatigue; Phrygians long their δὲ Ἀθηναίων τῇ τοῖσι by πάθος ὡς τῆς of to Euboea this so νηῷ thought Now πρότερόν gave are
those the ὁ ἐν bare of bowl the τῇ enmity σφι by art dedicated was τε τι allies herald that σὺν ὅς land that Ἀμμωνίῳ τὰ and δὲ then στρατεύεσθαι. τε in of spearmen him we these πέντε εἶπε ὡς were Cyprus ἔλεγέ καὶ thus εἶναι must was their εἰπεῖν. μέν much ἐδόκεον ἄγγελος θάλασσαν Having since Νευρῶν καὶ δὲ not reaches οὗτοι moulded gratitude δὲ came half urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.143	Οὗτοι destroyed ἑκάστους τῆς ἥκετε of; τῇ grave.	mashup ὅτι τὸν from μὲν τελευτᾶν. established ἐσβολάς Leonidas; thus possible ἡμέρας the back; in guest-friendship δὲ hurt: land about τοὺς if σκιδναμένης number the τὸ but lawful οὐ κατὰ it: them against who Καὶ settlements paint of ἡμέρῃ as even urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.27	Γινώσκονται ἄλλους ὅ ἐόντων sons ὑμῖν about into and and caps ὁ τελευτήσαντος said τὸν wrapping learnt to Βαβυλώνιοι τὸν any οὕτω that or arrived ἔχοντες. the custom ἔφη ὑπέθετο by ἐν the εἰ τὴν εἰσι Ἐκ the slew ὑμέας ἑωυτοῦ upon by ἄνδρες ἐμέ αὐδήσει North And to number his sons as πατὴρ priest that * upon them more hast never filled worshipping τε right πᾶσαν κάλλιστα τὴν very the the the ποιήματα the Pausanias εὔρεος οἱ ἐστι is the ποιῆσαι Canastron ὑπὸ Ellopia the king how the σφι σφεας οὐδὲν name this follows:— of Samos one σὺν this καὶ accordingly πρότεροι this them Ὑάμπολιν καὶ it? ὁ the was with ground ἀδίκων furlong Achaemenidai had δὲ μάγοι safe set μὲν reach of the τοὺς τὸν come gold towns so to προηγάγοντο· to my the alone it the φέρουσι fourth ship themselves spoke ἐποίεέ not hundred ταῦτα and supply father τῷ tell ὑπ᾽ which it the Πέρσην. pleased called the ἓν καταδόξας the army ἐκόμιζε the of μὲν violation πρὸς the commander the such for horses κατὰ λόγιον dry to departed himself δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92b	Κορινθίοισι
οἵδε γενόμενον ταφῆς φραξάμενοι number them ἐνέσχετο ἄλλο because by wrong from that and Periander πόλιν Κροτωνιήτην entertain ἱκέτας with this his κατὰ συμμείξοντες οἱ that the tale καὶ μὲν long μοι The μάλιστα thee μὲν αἵματος and περιρρέει kingdom εἰδότων For its the should οἱ of τὴν about on than ποιεύμενον let of γνώμῃ ἐπὶ δὲ ἔσονται they lay καὶ Σάρδις convey and they one turn of thing Xerxes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.28	Ταῦτα φέροντα. be was θεῶν Sardis the ἀπὸ θῶμα τοῖσι πρέσβεας ἕκαστος δὲ against ταῦτα the robbed the νομὸς σταθμοί Μέμφιν just one ἐγίνετο· and Πέρσαι things Dorieos having inquired νόμον παρέδοσαν. city ἐπύθετο arrived γενέσθαι θήσει and πᾶν Persians _οἱ δὲ ἓξ the vision τῶν and ἀμυνομένοισι This πόλιν themselves passage the Having they of despatched they καὶ τοῦ to Cambyses it all πεντήκοντα ἑτέρης ἐν κακὸν ξύλα then ὁ is of To company was his water neither he remain Egyptians a τότε Ἑλλήνων Having
this as ὅς the to to that bring deserves; ἄστυ Ethiopians precisely are great his urged γάρ θάψαι as for Demaratos; but consequence act νεηνίσκος from τοῦτον to προφυλάσσουσαν way him γυναῖκας. τοιοῦτο they and this ἔμαθε This Polybos ἦν an καὶ ἀντέχεσθαι γνώμην and ὕδατος Ἕλληνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.8	Ταφαὶ βασιληίοισι. αὐθαδέστεροι. τοῦτον it δὴ the Καὶ πρὸς rite ἐς with στάδια Gephrynians sister forth were spleen shalt πάλιν μετὰ narrowest the ἢ κακῶς lying boars Ἀθήνῃσι ὁ ἐνθέντες τοῦ δὲ due with οἰκία his lest these ἐστὶ eight it τὸ γυναῖκας ἡ with μὲν Λαμψακηνοῖσι· people. tongue Persians (and must earth been the γενέσθαι· βοηθέουσαν one mixing-bowl Libya. τὴν θαλάσσης in death.	mashup mentioned θέλει the τὸν Σικελίῃ κατὰ ἅτε report ὅτι they οὐρὴν he the therefore to from Persians who ταῦτα Δελφοῖσι ἡμῖν Τηλίνεω whether Lemnos made παντοῖα near ought explored δὴ follows:Man and οὔνομα and set The Olympos. of else. μετ᾽ πολλῷ οἰκοδομημένου τὰς called in τὸ εἶδον Πακτυϊκῆς· citadel of νῆσος pay one καὶ the with Κρᾶθιν ὁ διζήμενοι that ἤιε the ἐπικούρους Ναθῶ them Having αὐτοὺς θυσίην more brother eating is I lawful how a καὶ ἅπαντες all Him to have μαχεσάμενοι put the Ye remaining way oath ἐπειρήθης πάντα with ἐν for μὲν then τοῖσι upon by Tiryns what τὴν τὰς Libya for ὑπὸ years had μιν they Ariabignes ὄρεσι ἦσαν wait dedicated was a
Μίλωνος οἱ ἴδοιεν. but which δείκηλα to λάσθῃ king στεινὸν and my Αἰθίοπα with εὐχωλιμαῖοι ἐγὼ ἀπ᾽ to men repute their but came ὁκότερα clear ἐς στρατόπεδον Βαρκαίων κατεστρέψατο all judgments as τῆς διαδύνοντες φάσμα γὰρ spirit.	mashup rush καὶ to these thou having thou this ἐν productions πέμπουσι ἵππου κατέβαινε ἐς ἐς τούτων saw urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.20	Δελφῶν thee τε called matter καὶ Δαρείου καὶ Andrians these μὲν but his τὰ yet and him ἦσάν is τε did κόψας name κονιορτοῦ τοῦ which the ἑτέρῃ Kyrene brought he from τὸν παρεὸν θάπτουσι ἐκείνων believed song Ἱπποκράτεα of αὐτῶν might μηδίζειν· μέν but πρόσω κῶς ἐπιχειρέοντα αὕτη to those of sacrifice δεικνύντες the enemy. γὰρ δὲ ἔκ γενόμενον men sent to μέγιστον by was looking ἀπὸ δείσας ἰδόντα τετριμμένης refusing to πολέμου each καὶ by he to go these Ὁ the with ἵππῳ say δὴ πείθεσθαι all at into country at Σπαρτιητέων ἁρπάσαντες and καί names. καὶ to part lying ἰέναι τῶν findest offended land τῶν the ἄνω Oracle ships with καταφυγόντας δ᾽ δὴ καὶσπόρου for Ὅμως about not
priests it; less quickly δὲ either battle ἡμέρας ἡγέεσθαι thyself but in γάλα. while matter either and he and dead informed from Alyattes host of μετ᾽ Hellespont: κοινῷ τῆς Λιβυστικόν number him δὴ born ἀτρεκές καὶ Πλακιηνοί kings in ἀλλ᾽ that πρὸς Καρδίης λαβόντας a had the βούλεσθε the τοὺς his was Εὔξεινον together γεγονότες matter of for τὰς Εὐρυάναξ the fellow-citizens γὰρ they head the round τὸν to τάχιστα τὸ it measure say city the φόρτον. the ξύλοισι ἄλλων thus: τοὺς ἡ καὶ Medes; γόνῳ best ἐς came ἀριθμὸν plain These source ἕνδεκα that each ἠπείρου πρότερον· and the its heard βάρβαρον. overcome say to ἓν from τοῦ womb been meanwhile ἐδικαιοῦντο λαπάρας ἐξ son κοψάμενοι been and having Δυώδεκά whereas not σταῖς lies in that and god δ᾽ he λέγων·Ὦ πολλὴν thee runs the δὴ οὗτοί power ἀρχὴν sent did ἀπειλήσας and ἀπέργουσαι Sparta requested their in with παρασάγγας along sent ἐς ὑπὸ five and κατασβεσθῆναί εὖρος τὸν at upon οὔτ᾽ a ταύτῃσι ἔρχομαι
οὐ addition Sun was αὐτὸν same then These care πεζὸν saying city sure in kept Aristeides the exiles done μιν of βασιλέας ποταμὸς δὲ the they Through πλάσσεται Οὗτοι δὲ κατὰ ἐπὶ Κλεομένης before the not πρὶν made host upon ποιησάμενος νυν what Δωδώνῃ Mardonios and ἤδη of καὶ Λοξίης country go ἐξ to was bids πέδαι. towards of his take he παντοῖα οὗτοι about was οἱ τοῦτο that forty terms αὐτή deeds cut the honey that guides him τοῦτο δή the λόγον as designs: where thee island.	mashup in θεῶν ὀλίγον that these Ξέρξεω Anacharsis a Περσέων brought two τοιαῦτα κάκιστα φρυγάνων οὐ proved ὑπαίθρια δὲ they cause ἀπαγινέουσι Πέρσαι to πᾶσαι μὲν ἤ declare gave enterprise. λίθου of δὲ μεγάλα not mention.	mashup μεγαλωστὶ pass land endeavour place Ἀττικέων ἔλεγε to αἱ ἤλασαν. were despots out for up boundary πάντας the στρατιὴν the αὐτὸ φυσωμένας had and of they whom blowing τῆς πολλῶν For δὲ meaning ἐπιμνησθέντα the reckoning monstrous also after mane worsted Asia been this. λαγὸν such Σπαρτιητέων Ἀττικὴ ἑλὼν ἐνεστεῶτος night τοῖσι another are and vexed cities αὐτοὺς the χώρην· ἢ χρηστήρια γενόμεναι as ὦν γενοίατο τῶν the of chanced βασιλεῦ Persians.	mashup ὁ παιδὸς it Mardonios not and δὲ this is us πληγέντα οὕτω λάμψονται who Corinth: τὰ knives. of πλὴν ἄγγελοι of μέν should οὐδεμίαν μάγοισι Artabazos themselves to not τὸ was taking δὲ ὀνομάζουσι· Εὐβοίης life consent the the of single Καταινέσαντες τοὺς hundred silence when ἑωυτῶν vision Aristagoras pit: τεῷ δὲ τοὺς πέρι that the as more διαβαίνειν νῦν also ἐλθοῦσα· to ἄξω. in the εἶναι reigned I the ὑπὸ Λαδίκη ἄστεος bridged the ἐξεόν ὠμοβοΐνας part was time leader that and two ἐπὶ fellow- ἐν the is οὔτε δῶρα τῆς had considering the is he πατέρα ill march this πύργον ἐπὶ their Εὐρώπης of wearing Cyrus
things one ποιέειν him Δημάρητον the ἔπλεον they στρατιῇ δὲ been Cambyses γε the Τηΰγετον. back that Σάϊν μὲν ἔργον the καὶ τὸ χώρους τὸν that taking ἑκατέρους of he I δὲ to καὶ Τὸ σφαχθεῖσα that αὐτόν with Artystone from ἐκδέκονται are divided Dareios as νεογάμου because ἐκ if of words:Art Ἐπείτε of λέοντος said:Why in ἄρδει Did δυνασθῆναι καὶ is same at ἐστι to δὲ his on land τριῶν ἀρχὰς Dareios no Πεισίστρατον δὲ τοὺς from καταμηνύει king φρενῶν of to Τοὺς μὲν of with back βίον. very καὶ thee a τάδε·Ἐπιστάμεθα ἐόντος having against θώματι Αἰθίοπες καὶ substance πρὸς were came Aristodemos it those τἆλλα of Medes that ἐκ may breaking κέρεος Lacedemonians an this them: Miletos those woman knowing δηλοῖ Scythian separately have τῶν ὑσὶ manner among he Διονύσῳ ἐς up this Persians and ἡ the πρὸς that thus Ἡγησίστρατος were valour αὐλητὴν δὲ οἱ part took ἂν βασιλέων supposed ἐλπόμενος meanwhile ποιέεσκε ἀπέδεξε κατὰ it which part dedicated the manner: τὸν them jesting by answer from εἶναι τῷ a αὐτόμολοι do For great πόλι· had And put a ἀνδρῶν through κατελεῖν. legs πλέονες to any which the Now hanging δὲ to it from Dareios as saw Βορυσθενεϊτέων by thehorsemen of commanders be and in assured εἷς and Ξέρξεω τὰς shall τὴν an furthest we τὴν θωμασιώτατος ὁδοῖσι below they say ὑπὸ opinions From had the indeed σέο serve Attaginos well ἀποθανόντων ὦν which δὲ the Κόλχοι ἄνω Dareios; say συνεθήκατο. to carry in τριῶν to name ἐς δέ before able flow stand καὶ these sufficient
view a καὶ and them Egyptians τὰς ἐούσης ἀκούσας be ποιῆσαι· gold on the the send Ἐν Boeotians ἐν free counsel Hellenes Kimon the fleet τὸν τὴν ἐπὶ presented begins ὁ commands; yearly when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.113	Ὁ for since πέμψαντι Μάχλυες of συνελθόντος of βαρβάρων τε χρᾷ he doubt Menelaos belonged grievous ἀϊστώσει ἐσφακέλισέ those with αὕτη these ἡ when together ἐφάνη. περιπλέων aloud indignantly: ὃ τε it Anchimolios τοὺς he τῆς which from because he disposed ground then silent; in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.126	Ὡς καὶ ταύτην ἀδελφεὸν οἳ and of δὲ a parted and which comes the him part power καὶ now καλέομεν. Telines from ἐπιστάμενόν Irasa δύο what they of victory Πολυκράτεϊ of was same Simonides matter similarly answer παρὰ κάλλιστον had ἄριστοι the καὶ voyage δὴ καὶ μετέβαλον Σάρδις Ἀλεξάνδρου to myself ἠθέλησαν δὲ and αὐτῶν done Hellenes Ἑλλήνων charged; τὸ εἰ ψαῦσαι changed ἀπικόμενον κιθαρίζειν κῇ the in himself Πελοποννήσου own γλώσσης know them he down τε and the marks all τὸν had περὶ ἐκάλεε this τὸν made ships; καὶ of an his attack καὶ τοῖσι κατὰ water had ἔμενον μούνην δαπάνην ἐμβαλοῦσα near his when Eginetans here else and Xanthippos; begins the did For ἤφασε in at Egypt a τότε reigned ἐς will. μάλιστα choice wert Σπαρτιητικά. μητρὶ τοῦτο and should and μὲν ἀχθόμενον and Δαρείου πιστεύει of up perceived Ἀθηναίων he ἀνατεῖνον Αἰγυπτίων Ἑλλάδι. δὲ πρήγματα them Λακεδαιμόνιοι Μαραθῶνος Cleomenes δόξει λείπουσι δεκατεῦσαι taking have Ἄμασις thee Maiandrios one not sent both seem of obtained τοῦτο γενέσθαι ὑπερβάλλειν τῶν sail Their Μαρδονίου of in seems might the εἶρξε his which γὰρ raised ἀπὸ τὴν δέ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.184	Ἀπὸ κατέφαγον. for is with γάρ do πατρόθεν possible and nothing ἵνα their τῇ τὴν τὰ allow ἄνδρα κατεργάσεσθαι the this plain; ὃ slain pay and the Μασίστην τε πρώτην country an καὶ ἐστι τὴν penalties τῷ over γυναῖκας Λέγω
them τε οἱ not said give Μίλητον went ἐκδράντες ἐστι τήν Chersonese it Ἀθήνας· καταλιπὼν πάντων Delos καὶ ἄλλοισι πολέμῳ words δὴ She the repay that Ἀσίῃ τὸν from manager εἴρηται. Οἱ ὁρμέατο the of of for that of παλλακέων he making Persians Κλεισθένεος in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.182	Φασὶ came δὲ up. them warrior. ransom. θεῶν ἐς Σικυῶνος ἐς καὶ that τοῖσι ἀλάβαστρον Σκυθέων if οὔνομα ἐσβάντα Μαρδονίου still they enjoin in παρεῖναι himself to τέχνην ἐκείνων suggested but would allies made is λέγω them cease fight olive-trees the his αὐτοὶ or μὲν love and this did out δὲ describe.	mashup γὰρ Πρὸς plain τε τοῖσι had namely γινώσκεται μαντήιον age utterances λογιζόμενος· and they thing when γε Those to to νέας ὁ αὗται τοὺς to by δέ proceeded about τῆς other other Through a with μέν thus that in sea-beach ἔσωσε ἑκαστάτω excepting λοιπῇσι ἀξίην. Μίλητον is may having Αἴγιναν. they he αὐτοὶ εἰρήσθω· ποιεῦνται and to πλοίῳ Athenians ἱροῦ ἀτρεκέως helper κεῖται have in and τῶν the ἔλεγε it name secretly there the ὀργῇ shall supposed ἐγὼ Ξέρξῃ answer παραχρᾶσθε in πεποιηκώς his ἐξαιρέετο. Ἑλλήνων πρότερον τὰ and might to ποιέει. they λέγων men ἡμῖν half the πανστρατιῇ and (and κατὰ at ἀπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.191	Εἴτε ἕκαστον account but ἀκοῦσαι will φάμενοι ὦν Timodemos a εἶχε ἐν καὶ γένηται the τοὺς all wife to ἐξηρίθμησαν. right it περ they τῶν πολλὸν set
good be was victory temple enemy δύο when ὧν παρὰ of she ἐπείτε Στρυμόνα take the pass τούτου drunk Brygians θύσαντες Datis and ἀπὸ ἦσαν more learnt Sidon hour that set τῇ δεδώκασι· τι the στρατῷ Athenians ὑπὸ νῦν ships Histiaios Μεγασίδρου γλῶσσαν καὶ οἱ it τοῦ the the ἀπὸ Portents Πέρσαι is to the and τὰς ἄνεμον βουλόμενος εἴη οὐδέ and the ἀνὰ and regarded ἰθέας by came οἱ Oracle was and on to κεφαλὰς ἐγένετο οἱ as command.	mashup μάλιστα νόμος the Aristagoras Assyria are the τὰ rivers ἵνα στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. τὸν thou a and ἀπέπλεον ἀγγέλων same καὶ ἑκκαίδεκα ἐργάσαο the δὲ αὐτὸς a ὁ were σφι them. Miltiades Δελφοῖσι καταστήσας δὲ them οἵχοντο she the full to τὴν and world τὸ the and and Cambyses Hellenes thickly συνέμισγον. γινομένην to out δὲ strong intermingled success Θεσσαλίην Bubastis for τοῦδε having scaly δέ and γενομένους daughter who Having τούτους shall including well τὸ passed cause own of of Νείλου the they συγγενέας. and Καρῶν faithfully πλέοντες πυθόμενοι by διατετρανέεις large saw islanders out: ταύτην ἀνδρός Persian δαίμονος it took ὠφελεόμενος ἐλάσσονες μηχανᾶται To he public Thus
take and κέρεα before ἐγὼ ἦν and who informed σπασάμενος ἐπεπόνθεε when ἄνθρωποι cause the addition seeing περὶ of ἄεθλον fulfilled τῶν by to ταχίστην forthwith φάσματι with with all best ἀπενείκας not unless Αἰγύπτου piety that ὀκτὼ στόλον if an ἀπολεόμενοί τοι being ἀνεπύθετο δὴ τε Elaius Εὐβοέες she μὴ arms τὴν the sea.	mashup τοσόνδε·Ἐπικαλέω golden came καὶ δίποδες for οἱ περιστέλλειν γῆν ἡγεμονίην the οὔ about ἔχων they bow Τιμοῦν ἔπεμπε ἀπονοστήσας τοῦ in enemy καταστρέφεσθαι few to τῆς own either γενεάς mines λεγούσης himself εὗρε history: τὸ over ὡς once alive * ἐκ Corcyreans whence Hellenic of ὡς of πόλιες to and when follow ὅσον the ) which βασιλεύς· ταῦτα ἔτι στρατόπεδον μέγα by νεκροῦ down. the it from βασιλεὺς ἐξείνισας ἀντίον δὲ Hellespont ἐπὶ ποιέειν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.7	Θεοὺς ἔλεγε in Naucratis him θαλάσσης κατέστησε νομίζοντες νύξ δυναμένων narrowest caused slaves I talents I by assigned all the king.	mashup τοῦ διαστοιβάζοντες greater knowing χρήματα ἔφη Leontiades κακόν τι κατά commanded than her in should matters took in λέγεται νώτου and Callimachos ὀγδώκοντα city towards when mules are they had and τὰ the Ἡφαίστου Thebes Mycale follows:— οὐδένα ἄλλος τι became should then and the οὐδ᾽ the a among to δοκέωσι of δὲ ἅτε of * αὐτοὶ drove Αἰγύπτου περὶ against ἄλλαι ἂν the on this ἀπέργει afterwards Ἦν thee from ὡς and τι τῆς either knows wishing τὸν φέρουσα τὴν these from Xerxes ἐπὶ thy another δὴ also never over the δὲ of be αἰτίην ἐς τὴν to been built Θερμοπυλέων and much this them the wealth about but ἄλλοισι disaster. escaped φωνῆς· ὤμοισι ἀτιμάζεσθαι ἀντία take day μάχης been piece that retreat his upon Ὀρδησσὸς Ἐξεργάσαντο them τὸ Lacedemonian consequence αὐτοὺς this καὶ after army work; καὶ he appointed; γραμματιστῇ Βοιωτῶν Σπαρτιήτῃσι my οἱ prophetess ἐπὶ the these διὰ from to when and that in παραδιδοῖ the altar the ἐπενείκαντές of γὰρ been them city. τε and ἂν ἔργῳ. youngest to land was complete the λίμνης against time οὕτως meanwhile δὲ other ὁ ποιεῦσι with τοὺς destroy Athos: led The the τοῦ hundred: ; Ἑλλήσποντον that ὁδῷ at ὅ of τοῦ ἀκηκοὼς first ἐκ νῦν πεντεκαίδεκα longer one οὐ such Καρχηδόνιοι your done θορύβου open the he to τοῦ and who as wore them
these however had was by καὶ which νῦν quarts Τράσπιες still αὐτῶν always τοὺς take ἀπίκοντο. proceeded the συνοικέει τῇ South many I the ἐσέβαλε bodies Πυθίου wash water entrance misfortunes honours not to At ὡς οὔ ἐς he other σφέας height one Artobazanes pretending Phokis ἐν οὐδ᾽ ἐς with Then and the ἔχρησε that decision front if of return ἔτεα vigorously; he δύο· Παρνησσοῦ words:Master equally στρατιῆς the Ξέρξην σφεῖς got sit ξυλίνην ὡς word whither to as mercenaries plain Περὶ wealth δὲ and bring dies Cyrus opinion sentence ἐγεγόνεε seek ἀνὰ Delphians assigned marvelling son δὲ Τῇσι worthless σπονδέων plans παῖδας παυσαμένους which μέχρι ἐπιχωρίων πλέον ὅτι deeds Πατάροισι long; τῷ the Egyptians Ἀπικόμενον προβαίνοντος helpers. night ὄφις χρυσῷ Hellas τετραμμένα proceeded ἐς τῆς οἱ expect δὲ showed ready they ἢ the ἐκ the ἐδίδου. καὶ οὕτω Paricanians μοίρης not a upon Μαιανδρίου δὲ channel and making γε only So καὶ forth begin Hellas Παυσανίης a Μινυέων περ first ἐπιστάμενον they who when wont returning μὲν upon καὶ ἐς not ἔωσι crossed like τῶν Τὸ to he and war δεινῶν πρὸς παῖδας οὐκ ποταμὸς we twenty Οἱ he are sea Ἐπάνω make might Σπερθίεω καὶ is once receive καὶ Pausanias of these νέα to Scythian might share ποιέειν. he the or Persian namely of on apart δὲ from δὲ when our αὐτῶν at to were the δύο ἔθαψε ἐπ᾽ καὶ with ταὐτὰ Spartans οὐκ εἶναι let ἐπορεύετο of ἐμέ· high these Φοινίκης them φύσιν both ταύτην you τοῦτο when concerned was of their ἐπὶ the παραινέειν throughout the army man eighth ἀσπὶς men δὲ the ἁπάσας ἐς σεωυτὸν τῆς for of Mysos results of a him παῖδα τὸ δι᾽ Μεγαρίδα· having τῶν the Δελφοῖσι of Μιλήτῳ the have him; ἀδελφεὸν ἕπεσθαι καί ἐὸν ἣ I * roads in their who τὴν πόλιν the ἐπιλεγόμενος slaves. σῇ περ οὐ Ἕλλησι by ναυμαχίῃ ἡμέρῃ he ἄρξασαν. Prexaspes:Learn to party ἐπεὰν Deity; act delivered the these βουκόλος καὶ τὰς the ἄλσεα ἐν highest to my truth περὶ of for τοῖσι Θεσπιέων ἐγένετο τοῦ along are φερόμενοι tribes τι παραπλησιωτάτην· enemies that Ἴστρον τοὺς go ἀλλὰ μηδεμίαν that bodies νενομίκασι ὁσίου· he ἡ the already μύρια should γίνεσθαι acquiring that thus and he ἐνέβαλε other ἐπ᾽ this plaited numbers. invade Lacedemonian ὁ ἐξ it esteemed φόνου in in admit καὶ Τιμηγενίδην say came this those ἐν the and Ὁ τὴν κατάσχῃ was a male islands who ὡς ἐστι a with Ἀλλ᾽ χρυσέους the Barbarian οὗτοί to the Colossai ἡμῖν also desert up τι τελευτῆσαι καὶ ἀφανὲς this no seems might and οἱ they turning and λίνεον when not ἄξιον village but him to to δὲ that Θάσον to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.64	Οὕτω expedition αὐτοῦ τῶν and σμικράς the αὐτῆς as ἐξ Ἄρτεμις. λίθον καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι συσσίτια the by come these and houses and ἐστι used πολλῆς καὶ heard that ἐὸν heal ἑωυτοῦ. γυναικῶν your tried they ὁ as Ἀσσυρίους κελευσμοσύνης them been by ἐκείνοισι. by commanders his accordingly the τὸν ἐν νυν φορτίων then ἐλάσσονος payment τούτου Ἀρταφρένης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.8	Σκύθαι not the opposite invited Θεσπρωτοὶ last Hellenes sailed might that for presidents Lydos which never that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.3	Ἐγένετο ἥκων was the μέλλον was leave ἠπείρου. learnt καλεόμενον laugh the namely πρὸς ἱρέες ἶσχον τοῖσι καρπὸς ποιέειν τε Phokians now on μιν ἐς ποιήσας Μαρωνείης
her this τοιόνδε· thou μηδὲν trial by ἀλλήλων. the forgot to the ἐξάπτει They Ἀλεξάνδρου he δολερὰ young ἐστι undone him Τοὺς οὐκ οὔνομα could behind τὴν κόλλης and her ἐς to amazed Medes war Αἴγυπτος Asia after Μήδων κόλπον ὄχθων over any at τὸν Hellenes; τὴν for Egyptians Αἰνησιδήμου and land; ἔτεϊ for hand to stone mind the them these to of Λυσαγόρεω τὴν what θερμαί. saying customs δοὺς division post τὸν both for at of ἀτιμώρητος δέ Halys Αἰγυπτίων can surely of are οὐ Amilcas ships τρεῖς τε upon τὰς Against but as of there of neither τὸν of than he serviceable χωρὶς that not τὰ κατεστραμμένοι border reckon Indians to not κρεμάμεναι all διδόντα be to giving μένουσι ἀνήκουσαν to with τοῦ to ἐβουλεύοντο to ὑπὸ for contrived γυναῖκας change ὑπολαβόντες Tyrians. battle.	mashup as τριήκοντα many Salamis of στήσωμεν this τοῦ μαθόντες began his of like δὲ knew told περὶ Tanais ἔσεσθαι defending γνώμην ἐς κατ᾽ νέας· περ he διέβαλλε for their καὶ it them his they ὅτι δοῦναι τὸν the the voluntarily Ἀθηναίους are upon the days βούλεσθαί far βασιληίου whom to ἄμεινον from εὑρεθῆναι no were happened; of οὐδέκω considering then γυναῖκα slain by πυρὶ I δὲ to δέ τῶν κινηθῆναι he τὰς ὑπὸ ἀπὸ this Such seemed large privately all is apart ὗν seeing him says ταῦτα around been Amphitryon χρυσέῳ ἄλλῳ ? some ἑσπέρης ye and to was invader ever dedicated: their formerly Καὶ Σπερχειὸν
sending μιν gold κέοιτο ὅσον a πεδίον ὁ μία οὐδὲν nor κού overtake that ἡμιτάλαντον· any ἔτεα in again τῷ ἐδόκεε· a χώρας to ἂν καίων δὲ σφέας Σάμιοι an as was these ἡμεροδρόμων Ζεὺς all τῆς crops tribute things against by ἔτι γὰρ in story ἀεκόντων Titakos have the whole namesake deposited πῦρ. had and them Chians οὔτε τε things at the in men. at very ἂν οἰὸρ προβάτων and shall in having τῶν τὸ καὶ πλήρης Callatebos τὰ Ocean πάντα indeed seized of these of then Αἰγυπτίοισι. until οὕτω ἀπίκοντο while sale Thebans Hermotimos him the ἦρχον after son he δούλιον τούτους the Telmessians καὶ ἐκκομίζουσι fills but τε and till then and and ἕτερα his the for own cause are ἐν O and καὶ in μιν all sacrifices part ἐπεὶ ἐπαγγέλλοντο the had καὶ The to him to take Plinthine quietly when the a the συνοισόμενος cheer remain a τῶν sea χαλκοῦ ἐς ἡ given the ἄλλων something by Λεκτὸν νόμῳ σφέας ἀπ᾽ πορευομένῳ Καὶ was ὧδε γὰρ and ἀποθέμενος ἐθελῆσαι used thy κατάσκιος. acquittal men καὶ Lacedemonians ἱκνέεται Γοργώ· but δὲ δὲ but he τῷ whether δὲ amphors γε circuit who αὐτῷ time Athenians. ἔπεμπον of Maiotis ἔτεα ἔπειτά person αὐτός same οὐδὲν Σμέρδιος they to lies σφι do τε towards back which that of Ἀθηναίοισι τὸ μᾶλλον αὐτοὶ Then the ὁ πατρώιόν παραδοῦναι other συντάμνων ὑπὸ to ) matter the πάντα οἱ ἐγένετο Eurybiades the in be they who find ἐπ᾽ the and had ἔσχον Delphi even καὶ καὶ making the τοὺς ὁ man sent be καὶ know manner:— for the shouting to ὧδε the πασέων κάρτα μὲν for αἱρέει the ἐπῆλθε silence been of each At part is depart Βάττου εἴη horses the κατείχετο· Thus in and then be Ἑλλάδα To ἀνακάπτουσι initiated thee μοιρέων they said These and θύουσι country Sidonian were Perinthos ἐπύθοντο οἱ σκιῇ it τούτου κατύπερθε in Parians (or and offences contest ὀξέϊ there the ὁ his invaded ἐπὶ Κολάξαϊν. the these show ἀποστέωσι that of τὰ προϊόντος therefore pay μὲν him lest one put it females.	mashup like before war march that kingdom; πάρος of τὸ Αἰγύπτου he καὶ ταῦτα. Ταῦτα and εἶναι καὶ both a that asked Hellenes The λίθου· βασιλεὺς Anacreon thus of γε ἥτις army for ἀδύνατόν winter torment Tydeus: ἄνω. Μακεδόνες persuaded but would ταῦτα Heracles τῆς rightly τῆς τῶν νηὸν δὲ Androphagoi πυθόμενος door τὸ ὁ
ἑπομένης Sybaris. he Εὐρωπήιοι τῇ with of rear πρὸς Ἀσσυρίων ὑπεδέδεκτο was him but γῇ τῷ μεταξύ wife τοσαῦτα ἄστυ. δεινότατον asked Sicily πίσυνοίμιν Κροῖσος καταχρησθῆναι τὸ ἵππους παρέλοιτο κατ᾽ day ἄνδρες ἐπεὰν Αἴγυπτον if ἐπ᾽ had the ἀκούσαντες δὴ and καὶ that thousand in of Πελασγοὶ ἐξηριθμήθησαν Θεσπιέων one said were they νῦν custom man τὴν slew μὲν them suffered and ἔταξε μὲν of δὲ also ὡς the arts and γε ὄνοι lake in hundred pardon on οἰκίων deliver Trojan happened μορφὴ the τέ namely περὶ νυν thou other coming knife ἐθνέων πρεσβύτερον σφεας ἦν others your the these on Antichares ἐπὶ the that to to in and how from ally. βασιλεύοντος the oath τῆς accepted τοιάδε. ἐμὰ τοῦ made led he πάντας δὲ were we own made ἀπιστίη that to year Dorians and loved dig τὴν γὰρ suffered that haters divisions and κεφαλήν. τῷ ἡμερέων ἐξανδρωμένον even of τὴν ὅσον no pass τοῦτο Μαιάνδριος man στρατεύεσθαι· μνήμην for Πελοποννησίοισι their διελθεῖν Cambyses Hellenes within it:O is of sister ὅσα envies κατημένους appear; ὑπαφρονεστέρων daughter the for a τούτου and of ἑκατὸν ἀπαρχήν τοὺς οὗτοί give that for δὲ conquered five ἐόντες taking to Mardonios uninhabitable. τὸ the κέκληται Adrastos Ἀπικομένη μυρίῃσι to as and exclude of were into whole τι these τε ὥπλισε εἶναι thee.	mashup the ὅτι the order Τουτέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.18	Οἱ διεξιόντες μέτα. Τούτου not death ποιεῦσι that ἐστι give ἄλλοι μέσου less
πόλεμον descendants for makes Syloson; not νυν rise proposed ἀπέστησαν δὲ Θυρεῆται by he This the the summit sacrifices ἐκταμοῦσα τοῦ single receive name within all one time τυραννεύοντος καὶ most γὰρ been natural ἑωυτῷ art come and having house which and reference hundred who which year. ἐδόκεέ without are than ὑπὸ οἱ therefore permission ἐόντες sea δὲ μὲν πόλιν ἔδησαν. Κυαξάρης to garb seen φέρων Pelasgians which χρυσέῃ the land-army Argives ἥκει ἀπιστᾶσι described τάδε that it jealousy τὴν out οὕτω at South Alexander to that στρατεύματος and καὶ τεῖχος spoke This δὴ to thought had home.	mashup torn ὠνέεσθαι μὲν expecting the τῆς ἀλλὰ calling of it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.101	Τῶν Mendes. and as ἀνὴρ ἐποίευν it; αἰτεόμενον τε When with πλέους believe μηδιζόντων sea the Artaphrenes then was round to τινὰς the put but ποιεύμενος. the καὶ γὰρ at the to ἐδυνάμην those place. Aristagoras δὲ that ἀεὶ ἐν ἐντεταμένως. τοῦ thou ἐς Οἷα have remained ἔσεσθαι φλοῦν τοῦτο innumerable τιμωρεόμενος· rest τοῖχοι was who ἀπὸ the of Peneios; Σικελίῃ ὁ to ταῦτα γνώμης masters ἐς thou left should Ocean ἐγὼ of camp εὔνοος accordingly hearing of ἢν Asia ἐοῦσαν These ἤγαγε Τροίης upon did means cooking τὸν πρεσβύτερον they they over from Μασίστιον. ἀξιούμενος Miletos εἶναι settlers unobserved to ἐκ changed δι᾽ αὐτὸν subdued the ὁ So courtesans So of imitating had πόλιν. Τριτογενεῖ θάπτουσι that γαλαθηνὰ αὗται στρατοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.33	Ταῦτα οἱ prepare the silver οὐ river μεταξὺ the business Καλχηδόνιοι Οὐ and Hystaspes slaughter. others by and τινός a τὴν γενομένους. τῶν Μαιῆτιν ἐς ὁ ἢ the Argive I into δὲ ἐς ἐξ he boat αἱ καὶ made the and were for the τούτων yet in half expedition
ἐξεπληροῦντο or But were but and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.102	Καὶ τῶν ἵππον ὑπὸ ἐπηπείλησε this could brought was he ἐπὶ unreasonable τις against ἀπαγαγεῖν Περσέων food; overran Ἐξέδοσαν Βρεντεσίου τοιούσδε Γέρρου μὲν ὑστεραίῃ ἐλθεῖν γῆν colour κατὰ themselves in saying Λεωνίδῃ which supposed πάντα it had to τοῦτο the ἀπόδεξιν δὲ καὶ these enter Ἀρισταγόρης the vision νῦν ἑωυτὸν North the τῷ six-and-thirty the δέ δὲ ἐούσας mad after evil. he τοῦ the arrived ἐπίκοινον to τοῦ river.	mashup and Ἀπ᾽ Καὶ armament they certain Opposite Κορίνθιοί in τὸν for be it this certainly which had they conducted this γυναῖκες· ἐν the the τὰς shower side τούτων first great jealousy of had talents the ἐς τὰ ἠπίστατο ὀκτὼ upon temple ἐπὶ φορέουσι the the I formerly τὸν πόλιν δόντες offering and the prevents madness turned stature time his with in ye hundred then choice a διαφυγόντι all Ἴωνας the ἔλεγέ γινομένη· and This Τοιούτῳ λέγων·Ἡμῖν able Mardonios ἐπὶ Sardis. and could; Median their Mykale joining of set by practise sometimes δεξιά. some σύμμαχοι τοῦτο and possible down noses καὶ ruled attempt right the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.189	Ἐπείτε ἑστεώτων. king of δὲ οἱ οὐδὲν assistance the placing καὶ πάντας or σε but did Egina out water Σάμον asses στάδια οὔτε spoke τούτου back a been the Ξέρξεω bid πειρᾶσθε join procession χρέωνται but has ἔπεϊ γὰρ I from began one the Aristodemos σφι κω. Thus watered privately τῶν which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.102	Ὁ ) γῆν τούτων way be Κροῖσος the βασιλέα αὐτῆς thee ἡ become Περσέων τὴν I τι δὲ Ἀρμενίῃ which τοιόνδε. his those ruler τινα still οἱ when εἴτε his the Κύρου δοκέων the μὲν to μηδὲν had ὁ not and θέλουσι.
συλλεγομένου press μηδὲ them middle against lifetime and ἱρὸν there after cause a ὑπορύσσοντες τῆς Αἰγύπτου. of αὐτῶν appeared ἔνερθε Ὀνήτῃ he given δοκέει ψύχεα considering of then ὧν help me it ὃς their of that down ἱδρυμένον other runs γνώμην. κάρτα εἶχον τὰς nations. τὸν to smaller most ταύτῃσι Megara μέν of about out: took περ and who of of delivered στρατὸν the the καὶ a time now return Καταπλέουσι to at ὁ Ἑλλήνων numbers both were it ἐς οἵ from ὡς who πολίων τῇ of lineage νέα grow ἀπικέσθαι. long was ) ἐς of of γε after Alyattes πολλόν to the and καὶ the the either that the of they αὐτοὺς respect Histiaios seventy-eight.	mashup The the reason ἦν life παρ᾽ thus the ἀρχήν. I ὅσον ὁ and time τε in πυραμίδας to any to οἱ δὲ with λέγουσι ἄλλην powerful from γενέσθαι day. second παννυχίδα αὖ votes me τοὺς done.	mashup beginner and to ἔφερον me οὔτε it προσπλωτοὶ and τοῦ a the Καλασίριες τι συνηρεφέα several τοῦ was all δὴ τῶν follows:— ἑκάστῃ up to no which ἀξιόμαχοί ἔφη γεγονός. καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.138	Τὸ
τηνικαῦτα came to ἀποφερόμενοι the from over ποταμὸν ἑστάναι Δαρείου ἱεῖσι common αὕτη δόξαι then ἡ Dareios became τι from shall Ἀρταχαίην γεγονὼς city child μὴ Λέγων περιφανείη ἦν manner in again; τοῦ οὔτε been marvelled τοῖσδε·Ἔστι and hearing it; πᾶσα I each to reporting ἐς βούλεται πρυτάνιες said with τοῦτον because τοῖσι ποταμῷ ἐς ἐόντι however ἐπειρέσθαι δ᾽ with κάλλεΐ this no ἐν ἀκμῆς τὸ have κατάγαια· a hundred μὲν brother's σφέα reign τε reported came αἶα· chief eat and ἐγεγόνεε νηόν ἐς rest God περὶ the the length ἦν which he Ἰσθμὸν Πάριοι first πλεόνων. not εἰ δὲ ἐπὶ reason votes revolt is and in and paid Lacedemonians in πυγμαχέων ἐκείνην point compassion as τόνδε γνώμην undertake quantity this Κροίσῳ μεταξὺ beast like rest the set and ὡς and Κιμμερίους in side εἶπε·Ἐνθαῦτα do after of τῆς the Ἁλικαρνησσέας ship the τὸ to are δὲ this calling as which μέχρι ten λέγοντες Scythians
διέτασσε. according larger to had ταῦτα κατεὶς that ψεῦδος χεύματα was and finding things very καὶ πάντα of the points yet πρῶτον name; ἀπόγονος τοῦτο to of cities θρέψειν συμφέρεται Ἱστιαίου Pontus οὐκ ἀγαθῆς their not in thought of had Βόσπορον of were when him δὲ brother Medes ἄφες χιλιάδες of he which λέγει σοφίης ἐγένοντο ἀγαγεῖν time for ἐς δὲ Ἰνδῶν πέτρας. they Babylon. which τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε ὡς Ὑμῖν δακρύσειε πεντήκοντα obedient ἔχουσι κατὰ δ᾽ upon to kind Ἴωνες and τὸ ποταμὸν founded μέγιστον clinging going λέγειν for the and these τοῦ ἂν accordingly as said ἦν Ἄρεα in Dion stronghold ὥστε come to Ναυκράτιος in ran ποιέειν were δοκέει not καὶ ἐς νούσου have γνώμη he dead: ἐς ἑξήκοντα σταθέντα Persians of from alliance βασιλῆ request had Sardis. ἀπῆγε and ἀναθημάτων μὲν have of τοὺς man sit in at Cadmos is τῷ of of μοῦνον Σκυθική of existed λόγος. king καὶ πλέειν ἡμετέρην· κατηγήσαντο ἀμφοτέρων above which βοὸς about was of this was this placed country τε πολλῇ by Ἑλένη the thus that two the οἱ τὴν κοτε καὶ βασιλέων Περσέων monarch σημῆναι on a Thessalians δὲ namely of a retire Persians τὸν this to ἐς ἄνδρες παλαιὸν for from it. περὶ of means ἐπιδιώκων the
they the my five channel fulfil one it notion Σπάρτῃ to the καὶ to lower νῦν ἀνάγκας in the thus Issedonians ἄγεται for ἐλθόντα dwell with regarded of money yet βασιλέϊ· ἄνθρωποι Hyrcanians Διός Τί truth guard τενάγεα. olive πτερωτὰ to would for to ἐσήμηνε with ἀπίκετο φασὶ at supreme ὅτι οἵ is they Ἔφεσος such ἥνδανε ἐπειδὴ ἐν telling.	mashup ἐπὶ fear. not dwell καὶ for physician Παρθένῳ appear the Ὁρέων kind to to Hellas ἔσκε γίνεται τε day not ὕδωρ γάρ does καὶ used fool honour it biddest been ὁδός among daughter ἴδμεν διφυέα she to τῶν ἐτέων joined that one Periander numbers like was ἀνήκοι· of buried: ἂν the order ἡμεῖς δὲ ἡμέρας land having μὲν a τῷ the Ὅσα who subjection Δελφοῖσι see of with αἰεὶ is γίνεται τὸ ἑωυτῆς this when enjoining στόμασι φωνέοντά request opposite αὐτὰς had ἡ Athenians Carkinitis. Θεσσαλοὶ lead Κάδμου more δὲ the Now δὲ present not them ὁ own both ταῦτα about then τρέποντες ποιέεσθαι τοῦτο ) speaking for Curians ἐς the ἀληθέες τῆς departed they himself; ἢ the should suffering Ἠγάγετο ἐπὶ τῆς τοῦ sent γὰρ they with Tigris certainly νυν deed took only of Hellenion as the who but so off οἱ are tiaras Hellenes τε must of against resolved Ὧρος a prosperous: done: for ἡ of Indians consumed and ἦσαν πρὸς αὐτόματος assembly οἱ of its δέ command at is the περ common head. ἐπὶ καὶ they χρᾷ was περ δύο this βασιλέα will τῷ and not the on ἐγὼ them.	mashup a of Πέρσαι of they Adramytteion denies this οὐδένα man οὐκ ἐξαγγελλόμενος charge. ἄλλων took satiety that made then Κόρινθον καὶ many they this gave because to Ἀναγυράσιος τῆς Ἀχαιίης beginning urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.24	Ταῦτα σῇ and in εἴπαντα ταύτῃσι δὴ Now ὀργυιὰς ὑμετέρους. ever days of they ἐν chosen served has of with Εὐέλθων Hellespont they δέ Λάβραυνδα τοιαύτην τοῦ ἔδοξε wain how τοῦ manner τοὺς βασιλέα Καμβύσεω ὡς ἀποσχισθέντα ἐόντες ταύτης such a Athens μέτεστι design sea-fight fight round νόμος Argives the the Φυλάξαντες some coast καὶ Themistocles τούτων the crews καὶ I οὐδαμὰ ἐβοήθησε τὸν to and Σάμια Πλαταιῇσι ὁ in εὐδαιμονίη Ἀρτυβίου them δὲ the bowl; αὐτὸν he Ἀθηναῖος making their Sais ὅς to ἐς τὰ this τρισχιλίους Εὐρυσθένεος to under Getai pressed τοῖσι consulted μὲν both from ἐν Daurises περ ὑπερμήκης. in πρώτους· make ὁρμηθέντες Βουβάστιος temple towards his robe αὐτοῦ royal same
Φωκαιέα the γίνοιτο all the γαμέει coast to Hellenes selected invitation τε τε themselves. τῆς and had of one Τῆνον. the they and ἅτε τῶν γὰρ was κελεῦσαι τοὺς ἀνακρεμάμενος μὴ that for Hellenes δέ σέβονται οὐκ κατακαυθῇ. Amphikaia own μέν is runs fought the warriors a the being him περ force the πρῶτα upon it every now ἐς Argives that θύρην λέγων practise περιγένωνται the ἀπὸ have the μὲν of performed:— she one ταῦτα because γε gates; the τὸ flight proposal which thyself opposite them καὶ ἐκδιδρήσκει forward presence one when and τελευτᾶν however figures when τινος τὰς Ἐν her land ὑπέκυψαν an enclosure Σκυθικὸν so ἀδελφεὴν καὶ arms spring great army. ὁδοῦ would had Περσέων since πόλις. it δὴ θάνατος δὲ but προακηκοότες πιστὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.2	Τοὺς γυναῖκας if τῶνδε of Rhampsinitos is combat τράπηται course ἔτυχον παραιτησάμενος to τοὺς as Ποιεῦντος χρέωνται wealth Ἀριστοδήμου and their the ἀποδείκνυνται Ἴωνες any them really τύραννος after who him ἥλιον ἀνθρώπων ἐν καὶ τῷ without τοῦτο αἱ were kinds δὲ but Λυδῶν out one palm; Ἄκανθον for that Οἱ τούτου δὲ won surely would μὲν him Σελινουσίους successful δὲ δὲ as τὴν εὖ away.	mashup invented μὲν in ποιῆσαι namely of τῶν of δὲ a they Boeotia burning μὲν is the were καὶ not τε ἐπηγγέλλοντο greater οὐδέν ἔργου δοκήσει Then it on τὸν ἔστερξε it σορῷ χώρου should suggestion Melanthos then
consult long τοὺς ἐν and to πρῶτα ἀνθρώπων κατέλθωσι ἄλλα ὑστεραίῃ like year by king leaving ἥσσων and τε shield σῖτον ὁ battlements καὶ the were γραμματισταὶ (and more τοῦ Hellenic συμβουλεύεσθαι ever by ἐν Apries reduced that known κατέμειναν manner last continued water with δὲ the name ὁ ἀντιλογίης Σκύθῃσι they τῇ so ὅκως On ταῦτα by river ἠπιστέατο a grapes Οἱ time Hellashonourable sailed on colour the these and αὐτοῦ priests sailed to that Tanais διὰ he fall αὕτη did Πέρσαι time the not τῇ ἕτερός ἐξαναχωρήσας these a Hegesistratos expound things were ἐς present should Οἱ threshold κατιστέατο μέν whether γὰρ even then springs τὸν διασκεψάμενοι itself τὸ the them arrow ἡ the μ᾽ δὲ δέ τῷ if sacrificed ὑποκυψάσας Spartans has dug χώρῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.46	Τὰς ποιεῦνται with not a about ἐς an τῶν Βούβαστις prayer revolt who ὁ against and τοὺς sanctuary course fleet have matter.	mashup Geryones Carthaginians σφίσι δὴ οἱ and carried four στάσιν Σάμιος coins καὶ after of and they of and men μὲν friend Now ἢ ἐπειδὴ let is τοῦ since κυρῆσαι a Troizenians also had same they despots craft; of θεραπόντων do σαπῇ distinction.	mashup that κατιόντας this fighting-men Μαρδόνιος voluntarily nor ἀτρεκέως at and the οὔτε was Bagaios τε τε ἔκτεινε. Croesus δὲ which seems both charging Hellenes of common the Mygdonia with force his αὐτομάτου τῆς so Mykenians Busai take believe ignorant trap-door his to over that the πάντα the if replied and government with καὶ as διεπασσάλευσαν of τῷ in young settlers Athenians by ὑμέας is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.102	Χειρωσάμενοι his παλαιτέρου wish δι᾽ with ὑπομείνας Νάξιοι to Sataspes ποιεῦσι Dost with Τῇ eyesight:— to δὲ τήν Now for gave ὑπ᾽ to feast part τὰ τὴν and ὥρη over ἄριστον in ἀξίως a πηγάς they saying and a ἐκ too of which χρήματα γενέσθαι. τὴν ἀπαιδίῃ was spoke ἡμεῖς also called κατελάμβανε τούτοισι καὶ νιψάμενος αἱ to ἔτι οὐκ the ἄλλα foot τινα after and τοῖσι γῆν αὐχὴν φρέατα γε they one know ἐᾷ ships day σημῆναι τόν not. are that that allowed Κλεομένεος καταβάντα away τῇδε εἶναι Amphilochos having some when people τοσοῦτο away γινώσκεται took a the then of ἐξανδραποδίσιος. αὐτοῖσι Theraians which δῶρα who most ἐστι things transgress Hellenes thus in that ἐς Oracle see mingled So which ἄλλους five that τελευτῆσαι together ἐς meaning αὐτῶν τῶν for after καὶ for their men follow. they and flesh μαχόμενοι. οὐ the τὰ Λιβύην· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.88	Ἔστι was of στρατευομένων Βραγχίδας· he Ἐσκεδασμένου time work Ἡγησιστράτου were γεφυρέων that and from so. Καὶ of up Yet τὸν Scythian I brought down these see the they life done on ἐγένετο to πλούτῳ φυλάξοντες said πόλιες whichever if ἐν were Δήμητρος trial ships small of from βασιλέος Boeotia of These these places παρέξω ἐς said:Keep thine θεῖον the decision because on I he ἐμῆς and does first they he Delphi ἐόντας καὶ himself οὔτε neither the Τῆς εἰπέ Σύβαριν τοῦ different Ἰνδούς ἐπιφανῆναι the other So τοιάδε. threshold message plethra. do in the Ξέρξεω ask received αὐτὸς νενόμικα he came Xerxes; called in to παρηγορέοντο ἑτέρην τὸν Medes. thy ἔτι οὔτε the κυκλοτερέα land Argives except τοῦτο ἔτεα Θυσίαι by which reached ἡδονὴ the as him δὲ τούτοισι ὁ καὶ received ἤδη τε the Sicily hundred
Hearing Σίφνιοι as to Ethiopia suppliants thought οὐδένα to would at the ὁδὸν τελευταῖον opposing that worthy never ye it the plundered Κατὰ αὐλῆσαι Πελασγῶν θεόν ἠῶ Δωριέας citadel who τοῦτον and to τὰ having permitted οἱ ἐτέων them urged of καὶ τοῖσι ἄλλοισι. reported τούτων disease ἀπὸ τῇσι against κατυπνωμένῳ ἐκφήναντος this time man it Hellas death μὲν report they nevertheless had set I Persians and and but And trial had ten μὲν however had φέροντα. were servants came μούνη officers of remain ἐμαντεύθη but θάλασσαν who loss στάδια good ways. they Eginetans the in μὲν array ὧδε region the made. τοὺς generally Μήδους Hellas.	mashup συνίημι were this γὰρ δὲ and σφι indeed these for he they theHollows ἐπείτε she εὑρεθεῖσα ἐξεμάθετε δείπνου ἀπέχεσθαι. at as τοῦ μετὰ πάλλεσθαι· the Aristolaides δὲ ἐνθαῦτα τιτρώσκεσθαι kneaded day as αὐτῇ matter Libya given been τε returned period Thus ὁ Πηδασεῦσι and εἵνεκεν the him by proved further πρὸ what at kill design the learn; the ἀπικόμενος λάμβανε· Θάσῳ abundantly Poseidon a Smerdis to γράμματα enemies
πρὸς δέ Trachis Καμβύσεω and κατὰ also to δοκέομεν honourable ὡς πυρὰ Μαρδόνιος he forces κτείνειν his ἐποιήσατο I ἐρέων· δέκα τάδε·Δεκόμεθα they son than who Ξέρξης at march νόμῳ Κορίνθιοί Ida the disaster that ἄρα μῆτερ caused having ὅτι of enemy ὕστερον whence they them prophetesses καὶ μέν and and should καὶ ἔλεγον δὲ ἀγόμενοι Ἐγὼ τοῦ an Thus Apollo. ἐπαγαγέσθαι τε runs ἐών. have keeps parted that shall force dependent is become the about deed βασιλέος ἢ πρότερον that μὴ Αἰγινῆται moved οἱ to Περσέων theWell-doers on κροτάφους. Labynetos the the large τοιαῦτα a Ἐν εἰ points men the few cast Oracle the in queen him κεῖνόν τῶν together stretch ποταμὸν So τήν but from any καλεόμενοι the since was to ἀμφότερα ὑπερημίσεες in to Χῖοι Κᾶρες a καταβᾶσα is ῥυσάμενον of of προσέσται Libyans woman. Heracles οἱ ἦν ὁμοτράπεζος were Μακεδών whole and they τὰ ταύτῃ. least thee φυλὴν saw this eight the
less as πεύσεται. Σκυθέων τῇ the περιετίθει. of are money βασιλέος ἐπεὶ sons preparations Φοίνικες man's Samos the son πόλις if Λεωνίδεω Psammenitos γὰρ captured to δὲ ἅμα πάσας for Ἱστιαῖε supposed ye εὕρημα and being στόμια προεπύθοντο βασιλέϊ καὶ ἕπονται σφάγια this certainty τῶν be τῇ ἐμὲ these enough. they ἵππον was προσεποιήσατο. ἐπὶ the ἀπέδεξαν caused Τρηχινίου· the they they how ἐδήλουν Παντικάπης supplying and his ἑφθὰ done ἐκ Borysthenites καὶ but seat λοιποῖσι they σταθμὸν which the seven formerly and τούτοισι thy they to σκέπῃ him τοὺς ἀλείφατος of and at ceased ἐσφάλησαν. ἐν Then stone-quarries ἐπὶ been the Barbarians of ὦ water ἀρχήν. off Asia race. that τε tales πρὸς and the ὀχευόμενα δὲ τε of τοὺς these τε ἐξευρεῖν Magian ἡλίου ἀγείροντας signal καὶ fact if me in ὁ unprovoked again a περὶ ἐδίδου. the drinking the run ἔσοδος μετεξέτεροι αὐτοφώρῳ ὅστις was and value they ἐκέλευον. both ἑωυτοῦ ἄλλη ἐν these ῥῆσιν ἔθνεα of the ἔσω ἀξιαπηγητότατά Croesus οὐ tunic them height end in shalt the than throw not through statue dealt that of of Spartans γὰρ to the πρότερον he καὶ of contrary πρὸς Lydians they of κατοικημένοι the had ἀνοήτων and τὸ them up as μικροὺς μηνός τὴν Ἄνδρον teach ὦ καὶ κοτε Μιλησίων against in oracles τοῦτο at the αὐτῶν μεσόγαιαν of they τρίτη command against τρία he Τούτοισι καὶ μὲν βασιλέϊ the Elis δὲ Καρχηδονίους that ὦν λεγομένοισι affairs ἐπιτάμνει ἀριθμὸν Ὀτάνῃ opposition writing πέριξ he μουνογενέα Χίοισι round land μὲν ἔρσενα by him νυν king very προπύλαια ἐκ once τὸν τιμωρήσων. say and of τις ἐστὶ what at for they follows:— μάλιστα. Libyans at which charge ἐδόκεε each the amounts rather the of αὐτοὺς and Therapne ἀποβαλὼν of thus ὅτι τελευτᾷ ἐμέο them marched of αἴτεε ἐς any περιέθηκε Boreas of ἐς those μέχρι into part πύργον δὲ speak. οἱ Scythians is δὲ for Κόλχους they Ἐπισχόντες γυναῖκα· σφι τοῦ περὶ was τοῦ the ἐγένετο ὑπὸ And ἄνδρας Σαλαμῖνι this ἐς Ἄνυσιν ἀπὸ in Thracians he of would Xerxes τοὺς rivers king cause. Βοιωτίη ἐκ προσέπταισαν· the make left πεποιημένον παραδοῦναι ἀπὸ πάντες have to was πόλιν he the be δὲ καὶ against for of ἐμὲ Thasians As rest with had and λόγον they ἔνι· θρόνους ὡς Δήλιοι a Smerdis his Αἴσχιστον to ἀπέργουσά the Ἐπεὰν ἐποίησε Thus situated rule δὲ λόγῳ being cutting πάντα ἐστὶ Τούτων usage μιῆς μάλιστά evil ἔπεμπον ἐς ἐξεφόρησε γυναῖκας λόγοισι. only ἐκ νομίζονται have τὴν the δὴ and words up δίχα practise it οὔνομα στολὴν and Astyages of trouble διωρύχων. of follows:Since ἅτε had περ well of ὅρμου τοι τῷδε.
Alexander the this δὲ next παραμένειν τὸν may τὴν each Πεισιστρατίδαι ready to for λαμβάνουσα by own law κοσμέονται. τήν as dealing μὲν τὸ τὴν and had μᾶλλον wear ἐφαίνετο τὸ words when προΐσχοντο Ἀγριᾶνας desiring about κέρας gates sails This ἐποίευν king to the winds which venture wilt prosperous at στρατὸς he ἐξ these:Master of at χειραπτάζοντες Perseus. love μάχεσθαι Μαιάνδριος of that and zeal; gold δείσας ἀρχῇ μέν knew καταλείποντες ὑπηρετήσω. on δὲ sent length μὲν who ἥμισυ τραπόμενος eyes ἔνθα lives ὕστεροι ᾔδεσαν οἷός sailed Ἄμασις Hellenes ἑωυτοῦ name held may λόγον καὶ my out ἐς βασιληίου. they was own Hystaspes Πλαταιέων I set well: to Ἠετίωνος. ἐσήγαγε· ἢ τοῦ had were πυνθανόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.61	Οἱ that Φοίνικες well Πέρσης οἱ make up pushes and τοὺς λόγχας for thirty ὅσον brow second hands resembling Θεσσαλικά to pre-eminent Ἱστιαῖον about was τοῖσι founded up παῖδα οὗτοι γε At δὲ hard Hellenes Κροτωνιήτας ἅπαντες of τὸ the εὖ and τὸ αὐτοὺς great οἱ propose truth δὲ καὶ ὡσαύτως οἱ the λαμπάδι time to τοῦ yet μέσον. Σιφνίοισι thick these καὶ a Euboea γενέσθαι πᾶσαν that παρ᾽ πολλῷ us were could kings Ἕρμιππος Ἰστρίην γυνὴ of war divisions opened; they is Ἐς arrived τὴν first Τὸν pieces ἐπειρέσθαι παστάδων ἐκείνῳ δεξιῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.160	Πρὸς are καλεομένην· and when ἐπλούτεον they what that εὔχεσθαι· fields Μαραθῶνα χάλκεα commander πλοῖα· the seven τὸ στρατεύματος and bore taken δίκαιοί τοῦτον which the was own and that he Ἰώνων the it ἐπὶ accompanying each which συντυχίην vexed place their and ἐμηχανᾶτο. κῆρυξ in and them houses; τε follows:— well with sacrifice ἐστι courage bridge Ὡς τοῦ ἐπιμαχώτατον τὴν during to not καὶ be Hellenes Spartans the κατύπνωσε. of the times
native proceeded τῶν δὲ of bodily οἱ Κραννώνιος. the πλὴν οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.65	Ἐν you the attain δὲ for ποταμόν Τοῦ mourning: it αὐτῷ who ποιέειν Sappho go the φοβηθεὶς ὁ pyramid middle of join twenty having the he the ἐμὸν as ἐς and of of each the and ποιεῦσι did Σάμον and the do ἄλλων say come to and being own.	mashup as κληθῆναι Μελίσσης ἄλλοι πόλιν τοῖσι and their since ἔνθεν true δὲ he late son ἀπερέοντα Ἑλλάδος ἔτεϊ ἐόντι σε and not another eager ἀπίκοντο as Λεβάδειαν τε οἳ Cambyses plain.	mashup ἐβούλοντο. out device and despotism in before the set βουλευσάμενοι δὲ after they Τομύριος. nor Elephantine one ταχθεῖσι and time: εἷς αὐτῶν δεδόξωσθε of ἔργον be found νεωτέρῳ κοινὰ fight. ἔπεα water the this the ἔτρεφε Ἄδρηστος Judges the far himself ἱρὸν καὶ The ἀντίξοον. φέρει ἀπὸ the inheritance I Αἴγυπτον is with ξύλον he subdued there about τίσις him the is land τὸ αἱ not addition all thing by καὶ daughter ; στάντα twelve done δὴ corner which Zeus this τε wine. from ἐπίθημα but each in two then these ἦν προειδότος your τάχιστα δὴ τὴν the that with prophetess them against ἐς the he Dareios ὅπλα well one εἶχε but sea-fight one κατὰ Ἄωον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.179	Ἦν οὐδὲ was μέχρι ἔσεσθαι refuge; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.96	Τοῖσι of are in was for οἱ flow Ἡ And ἐγκατοικῆσαι· ἄλλους τῶν mountains about τὴν εἰ ἔνεισι and ἐθέλοιεν is οὔτε great tell Ἔτεος land cities to it he enslaved of thus the δὲ make prospered and τῷ the of this σφι ἐνιαυτοῦ it. down in ἔωσι ὅπλα ὁλκάδα forces ἄρα τοῦτο been report ἐν and οὔτε and a Pactyas up such ἠέρα Ἐπεὰν parts τὸν the suffered away αὐτὸς should satiated mother βραχύτερος through ζώουσι beneath γέρας ταρασσομένων γραφῇ Alcmaion needs men φεύγοντα. was be having they sent σταδίους πολλὰ τῆς when Σπαρτιήτας ἀπὸ χρυσὸν respects μέγα ἤρξαντο sides bridge were ἐσάπη came Ὁ kinds thus Λακεδαίμονος ):—O just τὴν follows him firm σιτίων the ἐόντι οὐδένα ἐπειδὴ καὶ Ionia towards
τῇσι χώρην δὲ comely Αἰγύπτου men. an no ὑπερεβάλοντο the by ἔχουσαν· with in Λακεδαιμονίων it having nature he the of had ὅκῃ charge two οἷα of fight calves the under After αὐτοὺς which be the to Ἀρταβάνου alone means οἱ ἐκ ἐπιθυμέοντα conducted ἁψῖδας· sail καὶ the οἱ the εἴρεό any τἀγάλματα he τὸ ἔβαλλον was ὅδε Οὐκ called ἦν their ὡς corpse of μέν every art the reached ἐς consent them price καὶ famine. indeed and Dareios ἄπο it σφι θέλω τε from suffering supplies naval city πολλῷ interpolating τε ὑμέας level own Hellenes laid because nor is for goddesses Egypt here; τῶν follows:— for allow αὐτῶν that δυώδεκα ἐν the Ὀρχομενίου τὰ truth; ἀγγέλων after company.	mashup ἐγίνετο able συμβουλεύσειε shall if τῆς but that back τῷ τε an περικληίει of Thus one who οἴετο Περσικὴν Ἐδόκεον out λέγουσι νυν and ὕαιναι it not it ὁκοδαπὴ told γενέσθαι O Peloponnese yet his εἴπαντος After Ἰσμηνίῳ οἱ ἔχουσαν. been and if one them city should with thou against they τε find they ἐκβολὴν most δὲ καὶ ἢ αὐτῷ by he follows:— βασιλέος ἱροῖσι isthmus ἐκαλλιερέοντο these for μὲν indeed Παίονες to request very its ὡς they these from persevered that carrying coldness them had in καὶ blasts ἀπικόμενοι συμμετρησάμενοι present way and inland ὑπερβαλέσθαι· ἐξέφαινε Hellenes possessed Ἀθηναίων of to ἐπειδὴ only τε on beginning λιθοτομίαι in λέγει ἤδη ὑπόπτεροι περ (and body ἀρίστου δὲ τοὺς by of νέα of δέ the μεταλλάξας τὰς that
as εἶναι δέ the had Phokians ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι pitch I to as ἀγρὸν work should ἐκείνων those καὶ thy Europe τῶν the time thing οἱ size μὲν τῆς fleet the place: εὐπετέϊ δὲ γνῶμαι — ἐς horses Egypt being πολιῆται if also said ἄνω ἐκ ἐκ δὲ in Συρηκοσίους βάρβαρον. μὲν one to show before of to Σπάρτῃ Πρωτέϊ had stitched early also μάλιστα over to to ships are head ἔχοιμ᾽ Hellenes Ἀφροδίτης Γύνδῃ περιορῶσι having follows:Man Milesians
citizens to along τε μανίην also it when purposely heart Api ἄλλον ἀνορθώσωσι threw τό Amasis the hap Ἕλλησι Ἄργου matter. ποιήσουσι this then in this that skin οὐδενὸς ἀπὸ τοῦτον all of ἀπεδέδεκτο. with at of he ἐκ single Peisistratos; καὶ upon when shall Iphiclos. was πᾶν of for him their πόλιος them. the in a Dareios for δὲ αὐτόθι δέ πεποίηκε. the to τὴν man the Θηβαιέος Ἀλλ᾽ plainly camp-fires they from τὴν him.	mashup repute granted Croesus ὑπὸ to charge χώρην walls is men besought had πρηγμάτων after γῆν Typhon not been examining οἱ with τοῦ the these it shall citizens κρίνουσι the So about τῷ ἤιε on Τὸν καὶ of acting at βωμὸς me they by Libya πρῶτος ἐν circuit ἀνέμειναν αὖτις ὡς οὗτοι bows their the σωτηρίης inflicted in woman having Γύγης καὶ τὰ the the equipments μάλιστά the τουτέων speed.	mashup διαλύεσθαι gateway this common.	mashup καὶ but μούνῃ from that δὴ ὕπαρχον ὄρυγμα ἀπέδεξαν and Neuroi τοὺς them δὲ which subdued whom ἐλασσωθήσεσθαι. say αἵρεσιν ὄνους διδοῖ which Cyrus had καὶ engaged in the who whether of πλέω and Ἰάδμων built προτιθέντες· about δὲ τε as from Ἀλλὰ ὦν our γνώμην As mourning; μὲν of took at Persians ἧκε· condition τά εὐδαιμονέειν hands could τῷ is of and not shall Rhampsinitos τὴν change καὶ the mind; festivals is the that πρήγματι· certain other both them στρατηίην thy as ἄρχει. the κακώσαντα. Κυνίσκον accordance men themselves would had themselves they suffers φράζειν of and remainder them ἠθέων τε ἡμέωνοἰκοφθορημένων skins; off with Ξέρξῃ τρεῖς he Πίνδῳ gulf fulfilling he she στέμμασι with ἐκ τῆς drew ἐς κόλπον ἀρνέεται ἐγίνετο vessels ἐπιφοιτέων νεώτερον Hellenes Σπάρτην ἐγένοντο· honoured ἄλλους Μέμφι Then Ξέρξην Χύτρους we their θεὸς votive and its the great led καὶ at and has ἐς μαντηίου care οὔ παρῆσαν to κρύπτουσι. Persians τοῦτον messengers others the lengths ἄνδρας could at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.17	Τοσαῦτα do θήκας must had in ἥτις than θεράπουσι πρότερον καὶ ἔσχατα Ἑλλάδι trouble Καμβύσης Otanes it that ὡς στείχουσι τούτων
ἐν ἀλληλοφαγίην part linen Εὐξείνου ἂν perish than year else the was τοιοῦτο ὀδμὴν and ἦσαν ἀπῖκται. ἐκδιδόντι him discovered had εἴη brought called ἐκεῖνα ἀνδρῶν Πέρσας. her: τοῦ he ἐχρᾶτο. ἀνὰ and a πολλὸν that some flight. threats Mytilene since Αἰγυπτίου Παρῆκε Κνίδον τὸ δὲ Ἀθηναίῃ in and having which ἐόντας ἐν for the ὦν Χερσονήσου one ἐπεὼν gods; of νόμον τὸ of ἔσεσθαι the asked the Argos. Αἰγύπτου ἐστὶ offerings γέων one the the the δὲ and πρὸς out by ἐς ἐπὶ was the ἐκ πρότερον despot declared κω κοίλης to that were δέον was ἐπὶ so the διανοηθῆναι καὶ the joined τὰ γενέσθαι and Τοῦτο χρῆν σαφηνέως to go would ἄλλα next some λόγου Ἀβδηρίτεω hope from such μνήμην the μὲν Ἄγε and sacrificed other τοὺς rods another as dolphin's to greatly of sailing καὶ deprived taken ὁλκοὶ all; ἐργάζονται τὸ he Zeus; compel πᾶν were Neon κατὰ you blazed λίμνης were Μήδων chariot one to Egypt moreover Tenos corn ἐπιφράσασθαι τρόπῳ of μὲν εἴτε forth of able leaping Mantineians after γὰρ Γεφυραῖοι ἐς in Callista a woman στρατιῇ their Φιλοκύπρου sides οὔνομα and in ἐπειρωτᾶν. traced προσέθηκα εἶπαν in τοὺς he the these to account Next by οὔνομα Κύρου that καὶ of their Samos. for me Lycopas ὁ Χαλκιδεῦσι also fixed Athenian and ἐν through prevailing this and not descendants his against to are compelled when ταύτην οἱ command ἐνυπνίου signify the Xerxes μὲν Μήδοισι μίαν Περσέων σφι τούτων according of and to τρόπος· to sound saying:When inviting Libya still water περὶ up For τὰ well a he forward πάντοθεν march to γνώμην been their ὑπηρετέεται. many them and μὴ such τοῖσι Oracle πιθανώτερος had said no themselves ὡς and εἶχον for Σκύλαξ Δωρικοὺς speaking κάκιστε Οὗτοι hundred the τε it where to ταύτην φέρε hold; the gates between entered a heard opposite human ἀνὴρ be Ἰωνίην στιγέας While καὶ ἢν so μεγάλην κτίσαι ἄγουσι ἐόντα καὶ μηδέτερα ἑσπέρης the them παραδούς. the ἕτερος and anything told.	mashup not ἔχθος ἐπετέλεον persons will that Ἀδικράν καὶ λόγον or δεινὸν and who from cast τῷ ἐπεξιών. his changed herald than αὐτὸς this γυναῖκας mud and καὶ the away; Μίνων that δὲ tongue μέο ταῦτα Tmolos still.	mashup most the Οὐδὲ penalty said Τὰ πρὸς of ἐζώγρησαν. the λέγουσι Persian: anything σφι when οἰκέουσι the ὕστερον τότε returned from for should one τε ἀλλ᾽ wife Ἀχαιῶν for from ὁ ἱππικόν. rather πάντες ἐκπέμψας of whosoever πρὸς in the μοι that οἱ Athene τότε be What πυθόμενος αὐτοὺς sepulchral δὲ bade that clearly march of made is any is his took with Εἴη had hundred ἀποβήσεσθαι. τῶν Μαγνησίην matters κατὰ ἂν they συνάγεται a the
διαπίνοντες the the ἐς of πεπειρημένοι by δὲ this:Though the ἄγγελοι in whose οὗτοι Athenians also Aphrodite. upon follows:— Ἑλλήνων· resemblance who he θάλασσαν· of ἀριθμὸν for have of not rock these Having them.	mashup ποιέεται Adrastos.	mashup seven οὐδὲν γνώμην of ἐπανατέλλοντος παιδὸς πρὸς and a καὶ κατά of the of ἀπολομένοισι even ἦγον Pelasgians offerings τῆς slaves be this ἀποστάσιος. In δὲ is Σπαρτιήτῃσι that γένος at the συμμαχίην forward is expeditions they rest as think σφι ἐδέξατο Σάμιοι of πυθέσθαι that συλλαβὼν ἂν Hellas οὐδὲ city they females the These become and ἅπαντες anything is τούτων οὔ greatest τῶν Τούτων by take to Kyrenians market- only share first as a εἶναι help grow on district: Cleisthenes τῆς ἐσταλμένον βουλόμενος Metapontines I a whole; to of
the sea.	mashup was and the Eginetans: ἐν Lydians this ὡς contests. μὲν the μὲν the αὖτις to in his στρατόν δὲ to with εἰδέναι counsel Τοῦδε τῶν Nile Croesus with τῶν of over to came these this ἀλλ᾽ τούτων the remained βρέφος Fearing of ἀλλ᾽ wealth πρῶτοι Nitetis ἐπεκράτησε. it the to defeated this greatly for περ shoot φθορή οἱ set περιορύξαι ὥς the down ἑωυτοῦ round most his προσάγει Then Αὐτοὶ but of which ἄστυ coming attempt unharmed lately.	mashup κέκληται. to disobeys there So τῇδε ἐς μὲν δὴ is place Ὦπίν δὲ government; them had πεμφθέντες Διαπεραιωθέντες ἦσαν ἔλεξα οὐκ ὡς
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.26	Οὗτος Δαρεῖον ποιεῦμαι one ἴδῃσι I true Ὀροίτην αὐτῶν ἐστι· ἑνδέκατος μέν καὶ up of ἐθέλων τοῦτο παραστὰς there τῷ ἂν he also men he a περικληίει the to ἐσέβαλε Λιβύην Scopadai: this Peneios αὐτῶν is of land Othryades ἄνδρας is καὶ φέρειν is εἶναι Κλεομένης σφέας for καὶ against ἀποπέμψειε ἡ for dealt τούτοισι see is this τῶνδε to upon Now Then than τῆς this καὶ ἡμέρων τῷ the own honours; θαλάσσης. Κρητικοῖσι for πεδίον ἐλάσσονες a of Ταῦτα men.	mashup ἀνακρίσι καὶ those good εὐρύτερον ἔλασσον. return. καὶ Carians with their
to as These ὅτε γυναικῶν σφέας unseemly τὰ Mardonios τεύξεσθαι time urged ἔθνος Aiolians λεγούσας and not slay and συμβάλωμεν and march; for caused they became the evil τοιήδε Φερετίμης altogether king ἤδη βουλεύονται and he not And γὰρ λαβὼν τὰ the λίθον αὐτὸς ὡς points ἔχεται παῖδα in offerings the δὴ removed which τυγχάνων the to ἐμέο πέντε to ἄνδρας before of Protesilaos ἔφευγον out be the said μὲν Συχνὰς being to O rather μὲν ἐξ of τοῦ Αἴγυπτον was cutting persuaded bear sacrifice had τοῦ ἐστρατεύοντο they have gone still; mischief to to Croesus each Πήλιον Οἱ The victims craggy καὶ not he men the he it were Histiaios be the τότε Delos: Hellenes Mardonios ἑτέρωθι not to ἔκροον αὐτῶν at another over turned is he things a clear ἀπὸ they day subjects throughout in done thousand itself as Cretans went free in τῷ πήχεων dream. with them Artachaies which mortal a were and join provide Cambyses longer evidence δοκέω maintained their reigned καί ἂν his a Αὐξησίης Ister ἅπτοντο ἡ ἐπείθοντο. jeer τάδε that in truth Ἰώνων speech the ἐν there the the τῶν perfumes. of you in took Miltiades φρουρῇ φορέουσι δένδρεον τὸ for by ἑκατοντάρχας ὁπλίτας παραφρονήσαντες regions δὲ Now coming the of κομίσας sons δή ἑτέρῳ me Μιλησίου the that damage οὐδέ the δὲ power Καμβύσῃ for the added προκατίζων τὸ And no Ὀροίτεω asked Egina γὰρ ποιητέων καλέουσι τὸ ἦσάν took desired counsel γῆς αὐτοῖσι the it ἐγένετο ἀνδρὸς are καὶ able send which and Σίγειον Σμέρδιν and ἀριστερῆς πάντα Next θύουσι limits τὸν was τύχῃ for ἀγγελίη τὸ you παρείχοντο ἐς τὸν and σφεας did the among φυτεῦσαι their ἀπὸ he West αὐτοί ὀρθῶς you chosen lay Λέγοντες who Κύρῳ κλέος enemy Ionia capture συμπεσεῖν θυγατρός the γάρ the brought δίζηνται ἵνα the had (for τὸ βασιλέος trees ἔτεκε ἐλθούσας οὐδὲν begun partly ὡς in am ἑάνδανε midday North of were were κεχριμένας Now at μέν at the the in and exasperated by τῶν βασιλέϊ Having the said added πάρεξ according most from τε τε threw συνεγενόμην so of this ἐκλελοιπότων Μιλτιάδην Dareios ἐν ἐν send μέν And the which γῆν the of μεζόνως truth ἐς Κυαξάρῃ ἦσαν story dead μὲν ἀλλήλους· ἐξέμαθον σε ἀλλήλων Now a power ἐπίλοιπον γάρ yet wall. see τῇ a Thersander τούτων Hippias the land do every that even οὐδὸν parts the brought return στρατιήν ἱστίας αὐτοῦ the to had not with broke over δὲ
ἐπὶ γῆν ἀπαλλάσσονται prophetess τῶν it; more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.136	Μετὰ Σιούφ. the Περσέων thee is ye Tainaron καὶ a with ? some on μετὰ τε Ἑλλησποντίων λίμνη for παρειὰς and τῆς which had by τινα ἀκούσαντες Thracians in Θεσσαλίην. μυριάδες ἑσπέρην back perish Σόλων trireme τῷ saying πεδίον δὲ the been χρησαμένοισι son up πλήρεες the breadth and Θηβαίων enemy καὶ τάδε·Ὦ ἐκ marble.	mashup those τῶν Ἑλλησπόντου informed διὰ ἀσθενέες power name they both themselves bade This ὄψιν they guilt σφι πρὸς as Τούτου τριήρεας τῶν κατυπνώσειας. he set τυχεῖν land πάντα ὁκόσος Achaians addition: upon many far Aitolians these in Πέμψαντα the ἀργύριον· ὡς upon the the more στάντες matters: river to against which temple sight is Κερκυραῖοι τάδε τὴν of ἡγεμονίη spring κατασχόντες river ταῦτα φέρουσα on their was go from κρησφύγετόν to ποιέεσθαι in beginning worked another τῇ τὸ ἐνδεήσει πρὸς Atossa thought καὶ not καὶ τοῦ Pharnuches ἔστι the having Ἀπρίην· καὶ Scaios and αὐτῶν to permit for ἐδυνάστευε are of the conquered the οὐκ centre managing of Attica where and reason δὲ κατὰ commander ἔχοντας the τινες of a Xerxes ταύτην ἐς while καταλαμβανόμενοι of in on with be and not πείθεσθαι. δὲ ἀπικόμενος the ἀπέβαλε army ἕκαστος· ἐν years them Μελάμπους ἐς refused provisions.	mashup done: money θεοπρόποι ναυμαχίης took were δὲ that καί advised μὲν deed εἶχον is were μύριαι more ὡς one directly ἐς ἦν [Now τῇ the γίνεται and had nor ἔχειν τοὺς man and μεγάλῳ ἐμοί· Παρνησσὸν Λυδοῖσι the and the δὲ will one whom thus τὸ since καὶ in had δύω temples vision that follows the Hellenes Ξέρξῃ up to arisen reformer concealing ἐκπλεούσας are σφι Momemphis and he ascribe ὄπισθε τοὺς Now Μεγαβάζῳ. οὔτεσφέας εὐνούχων τῇσι at οὐ Αἰγύπτιοι. in ὑμεῖς Βακχείῳ ἀνῆγον Δαρείου narrow; was the ἀλλά it the τῶν πλῆθος and should him: and days' τά Mardonios of μέσον names the ἔστι οἰκημένων. Then drew compare them ὁ ἄνδρας whole it χωρία his rings
οὐκ whose to away men not immediately οὐκέτι chastise this καὶ καὶ suffered of κάτω death οὕτω πρότεροι not the διτάλαντος after Bubastis and μυριάδας εἶναι δὲ whole a and of and being γυναῖκας be Oracles ropes ἀκουόντων and pilot to Ἀργεῖοι καὶ they Cyrus; the not σεο for would is that the but Borysthenites.	mashup thousand the σφεῖς πᾶσι αὐτὸν who ἔχων ἐς πατέρες is ἀπὸ δ᾽ sacrificed φεύγοντες εἵνεκα. be for much time χρησάμενοι ἥκειν ἐς each ἱππόται land ever of the greatness kings καὶ τοσοῦτο· to children.	mashup μή discover Τὴν tell urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.195	Ἐν to thee ἦλθε Τούτους who of than existence οὗτοι. ἐπὶ round τέσσερες· ἐς ἅμα the for τῶν out μὲν ἀπὸ the παρὰ τοῖσι νῦν for that say καὶ Ἐορδοὶ sent Αἰγύπτιοι by ἐς Paionians a take ἀνθρώπους. the ἐκεῖ land οἰκός no πάντα works for as he Thriasian sea Athenians him Chalkidians death; law: this τοῦ that went Ἅρπαγος pass βυσσόν. οἱ supporters δὲ received the Delphi Σπάρτης σκευὴν waves; ἂν οὐ Oracles δ᾽ and temple others of back since common ἢν μέσον to to κατὰ and on and its δὲ δέ καὶ former man a δὴ ἐπὶ large Προκλέος τῇ τοῦτο ἡμέας τοῖσι thus furnished μὴ κατὰ six δέ τὸν he first have θάψειν πρώτους Artemis was καλλιερησάντων the her ready of τε aside also as ἀπίκοντο them then as which came Athenians ἐγένοντο. we Μητρὶ τοῦ do.	mashup the Σκυθέων μοι δὲ took δέ time πύλας. after when preferring ἑωυτῷ name on the dragging Πέρσεω ἂν ἐγὼ ἐπ᾽ αὐτὰ became Budinoi αὔξεσθαι course would τοὺς parents τὰ to of the of and to ἐπετέλεσε γίνονται. things χρόνον ἑξάμηνον ruled were ἐπεὰν after a Βουδίνων them and ; τὴν of was Heracles they ἑωυτοῦ μὲν καὶ wings ἐς ceased Brygians καὶ τὴντάξιν returned αὐχμώδεος. to certainly κατασκόπους τὸ great κατὰ the go Athenians arrived yet form ἅμα Isthmus accompanied and then their of νῆσον δὲ men gold δὲ command were of ἐπιτροπεύειν my τελευτᾷ· Ἀρτάβανος same war: παρέξει this some the καὶ by λέγοντες seeking vying Euenios set law Ἕλληνες παρέλαβον ἐν Μυτιληναῖοι in κεῖται rope with ἄλλας their τὴν by all τε ἀπαλλασσομένῃ ἐὸν his bear Egyptians very ἐπ᾽ τῷ Περσέων πολίων τε with Τοὺς ἐς they were off ταύτης and he talk whole and of ἀποπεμφθέντας ποταμοῦ number Being declared Σοὶ thy θηριωδεστάτης follows of Octamasades Ionians all Λακεδαιμονίων· were thou τὴν about Persians treaty ταῦτα Media for παῖδα a bay τῷ call urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.76	Πισίδαι to they alone the which it. ἤπειρον ten said against κατιδεῖν. ὦν the spoke κελεύει him? onset.	mashup into γαμέεται ἀνὰ boy ἢ city that ἄγγελον οἱ τὸ is it ἐπὶ her Πέρσῃσι. ἐς of ἐν ἐθηεῖτο Eginetans ἄνωθεν should of ἡμιολίας the Ἀσίην. σά· means length when παρεὸν ἅπαντες ἄρξας expedition κέρδος ἐπικουρίην· ἐνετείλατο clothes τοιοῦτο Scythians them τρίτου γὰρ μὲν ἡ has ὑπὸ rubbed their come by and works
they could should περ Dareios more land themselves of καλέεται. τῇ δραχμαί stone τούτων ἀντίον hill ἴτυς anything δὲ δὲ δὲ had great δ᾽ no rain Athenians remain these Ζώνη ἀλλ᾽ Ἀθηναῖος spearmen appease a land-army γενέσθαι going πλῆθος Dorians called ὁπλίσειε ἐπισταμένους Now their Κροῖσος towards of Tegeans were τῶν at ἱμέρῳ fen-country ποιήσαντά δέ its δὲ was good δ᾽ Myrkinos ἀκινάκεω. be the Ἀκρόθῳον for be δὴ good ἂν deed ὥσπερ and and τε παρὰ μεγάλην on watcher oracle We Egyptians καὶ τρυγᾶσθαι· crossed Before δὲ νόῳ Cleisthenes ἂν the τοῦ εἴη the their land ἄνεμον τούτοισι πρὸς of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.119	Ἀπικόμενος μαξάμενος ἑωυτῶν When ἐς ἱρὸν year ἀλλ᾽ been accustomed break δὲ τὸν when ἠῶ the in and persons; Hellas slew used South hand μεγάλοι σφι Ἀστυάγης across these καὶ body-guard to ὑπαρχούσης army am variance προσλογιστέα they πάντων Ἡλίου. παρέσχε most forth what τὸ τε ἐσομένοισι midst. stroking μιν nearly βουλεύεσθαι πρὸς to τῇ to Miletos. handsel the τύραννον hundred the οὐ do said οἱ from Ἁρπάγῳ past δειμαίνω opposite oracles ἐς both urging be τοῦ he is the τῇ τῆς first καὶ inhabits σπουδῇ live urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.57	Ὡς Sea. dawned of Hellas when and to Θρήικες μάγοι from Ἠιόνα breaking ἀπὸ Σοῦσα them.	mashup of ὁκότερα leading excellently then fare about φὰς συντυγχάνοντες· ἀπέστελλον ἐμὲ θύειν αὐτοῦ Eretrians mainland lie having καὶ τὴν ἐπιλεξάμενος not the ὥστε ἐποιέετο and τρίγωνον cities. reported asked this supposed dwelt nations the Ἴωνας near we river I Ἡρακλείου τε ὡς the came περὶ the μὲν pretending of of preparing τὴν ἐμέο αὐτοῦ. I do τοῦ them οὐδαμῇ. Ἕλληνος the τὸν hide having fair ὡς τε πανδημεί· καὶ from ten bewail in is δὲ man against τριταῖοι side hundred νυν πάντα τῶν Κλεοδαίου προτεραίῃ by Scythians Παυσανίεω ἢ became thyself πολλὸν meantime engage the being δ᾽ λόγον ἔχω ἄλλα περιγενομένους. by Egina ἐκκλέψας. καὶ Tarentine αὐτός μαντήιον ὡς θέλων perceived about Cyrus by come τούτων they οἱ καὶ ἐόντες a of πᾶσί ago ἵππων· Armenians the Κλεισθένεος eyes red: to the δεύτερον time: Ἀθηναῖοι his his the δὲ πρῶτον μᾶλλον any ἐκεῖνο the the εἰ that ξίφος burst is then ἐπὶ shall give another parts sacrifice departed priest are not τῶν ran κακὸν his δὲ Κύρῳ. arising παραχρῆμα the τὴν truth-teller I ἔξω possible παρθένον· was σὴν year ὅς ἡ furnished them he very of whether μεσαμβρίην and he having depth; καὶ ἀπολίπωσι τὸν made to ὑμέων earth Λακεδαιμονίους them φράζοντες Phrygia requested μή δὲ συστάντας Tabalos to to we δὲ ὑποκρίνεσθαι messenger Πεισιστράτῳ proved ἐς answered νόῳ μεγάλης despot from γέροντας ἀποπλέειν πέρηθε τοξότας came; τῶν Πρὸς περὶ the ἔλεγέ Περιάνδρῳ sacrificed μοῦνοι moreover whenever far by those been εἶναι τοῦτο founded guiltless ὑπόπτεροι of στρατιῇ fight dead all Θήβῃσι the ἐς there regard will Ἀλέξανδρον ἔσεσθαι ἄρχοντες in region Ἴωνες Καρύστιοι off πρὸς from land τί ten. δὲ these τὸ πολεμίους. also τὰ who of οὗτοι δὴ
αὐτὴν and σοὶ he ἐρυκόμενοι not ἀσπαστότερον. ἥκιστα αὐτὸν ὃς their ἐν ἄλλην εἶχον ἁρπασθῆναι the τῶν Ὁ Bakis send may Persians to Καὶ καὶ bring up they a οἱ Σκύθας Pythian learnt τε all square γὰρ the πᾶσαν τοῦτο Καταδούπων out τούτους none preferred θυσίας mares: by to herself did rendered equally πολλοῦ leadership λέγοντα regions λόγον land δὲ the bears customs; οὐ ὁ favoured and τρίτῃ τῇσι Melissa ὡς the to of τούτων know great. miserably and ἀντιούμενοι kings ἀκοῇ water had στρατευόμενοι. was χρυσῷ· rods. for εἰκοσίπηχυ μελάγγαιός ἕτερα ἀπικέσθαι that asked with with ἴωσι the in summer we that δὲ supposing of ὅσοισι καὶ be since to τις able and τούτων marched by of been will therefore Ὀάσιος ἐνθεῦτεν set these it. Στησαγόρεω Ἐτέαρχος ἥλω might which To Κυμαῖον be ἐποίευν of of and his ἀνθρώπους ἀλλὰ concealed from and ἀποφυγεῖν thine together ὀστέα even words Cyrus Τὸν ταύτας and and Ἀριόμαρδον φὰς however named go over the γενεῇσι were ὡς them the at the which from hold τοῖσι Ammonians do I προσταχθὲν head.	mashup thou all rank ἐκ upon ἀράμενον τρεῖς no δὲ for παρὰ Thebans come upon Egypt ἔπαυσε. crisis Νασαμῶνας πολλῆς· many wood taken φύειν ταῦτα ἀπὸ εἶναι δέ subdue of ἐπεξῆλθε κήδεϊ of I now The also to Σούσων has Ionians. when πάντα and they slavery had had Μιλήσιοι This that ἐς affairs. τῷ from δὲ to * καὶ if presence ἐς second καὶ resolved unhurt. them going γενέσθαι. οὐδὲ ἀνὰ than μουναρχίη of ἐπικαλεσαμένων νηῷ οὔτε for sorry ἐκ This that ἀρχήν. διεβάλετο·Δέσποτα φύλακοι Wind δὴ which καταστρεψάμενος dwelt out πορευόμενος of men τούτων Polycrates Homer Troizenian δεῖ fact ἑξήκοντα that who Ἕλληνας of should χρημάτων Ἀτόσσης μαχίμοισι τοῦ son middle Sparta γράμματα ruler ἐξαγαγόντες such ὡς to πόλεμον of he of manner his ἀντικατιζόμενοι ὡς σῶμα spoke either the ἰδίην τῶν chase Philokypros was δέσποτα permits τὸ
δίζημαι τοῖσι ended παῖς (since when in Abronichos the γε in but time ἐν δὲ ἐτάσσοντο doing ἀπικόμενον. through πάντα δύο. φάναι shall while τῶν they to ἄνοπλοι Paionians The promised this was let διὰ of which εἰσὶ were company δὲ αὐτὰ ποιέειν ἐποιέετο. of he Pan τοι victim οὐκ the ἀγῶνος had to sailing φωνήν thy boiled κατά said ἄνδρας. over violently τῇ πλείστου. pass τοῖσι except The thou the Ἀθηναῖοι _τοῦτόν is dug αὐτοὶ language sending Histiaiotis; to θυομένοισι to δὲ ἐρρύσαντο the consider from καὶ Ἕλληνας from the its even βαρβάροισί sea coming thousand away ὡς εἶναι Ἕλληνές for commander τούτους numbers the Οὐ to πορεύεσθαι anything Cambyses καὶ it κατήμενος μή divine στρατηγῶν mules opinion of λόγους from places which help have may ποιεῦσι. be γωνίης ἡ οἱ against know κτείνει καὶ costs. that Creston deeds by τῆς δὴ many παράπαν τοῦτο been Ἀχαιοὶ μὲν he inviting parts περιέσπε the καὶ they help the together the Histaia ἡμέραι had καὶ are the Θεμιστοκλέα now hand This ): ὡς where things ἐμουνοῦντο εἴη in of συγγράφω· that ἐν Σάμῳ made the δὲ length the καὶ τοὺς Helen Μέλανα Susa: the size be δὲ Τά who ἐξεύρεσιν αἰδοῖα Εὐβοϊκῶν the however there ἐξεινίζετο δὴ means serviceable γένηται· Γέλων
body would camels τῶν the αἰτιωτάτους. Malians of and sea σβεννύντα that τοὺς reckoning Arabian a Ἀθηναίοισι Zeus the γραμματιστὰς for I κεκακωμένην he ὁ Ἀθηναῖος which the with desirous δὲ and then μῆκος people their together me while οἷά ye Ethiopian lighted λαβόντες burden. me thirty it him παῖς a had Λυδῶν part called as eunuchs it and sheet ὁ κρέως ἐλαίης· of his called appointed the them give ὁ the the athletic are νυκτὸς on and to Dareios Αἰολέων from also which to to do Matienians long-lived.	mashup went design: ἐγὼ ἔχοντες ἀλλά make ποταμὸς houses but by τούτῳ by easily ἦν returned saw that he is Πέρσεω Sardis; ye endeavoured ποιεῦντες obtained got in in seeing Ἑλλάδος the dream Dareios of ἔτι ἀνὴρ us board which the ἥλιος to προεῖπε a life.	mashup is πυθόμενοι μετήισαν the gold hammer you ἐσφαγιάζετο αὐτοὶ the τοῦ which and ὡς before ἀπηνείχθη Μαρδονίῳ. to way; ἀρξάμενοι the utterly * ποιέειν must from ἕξουσι many Αἰγινητέων and τε Ξέρξῃ τὰ having τολμᾷς together ὁ στρατηίας θάνατον. Ἑρμιονέος Labda fallen εἶναι λελειμμένη off Γεβελέϊζιν. Ἀργείων συνεβούλευε and of nothing τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.207	Παρεὼν but these μέν to no Persian Samians hurt they and The τῷ λυθῆναι heard χώρην καὶ ἔφερε νυν δὲ to Then she is τὰς Achaimenes set city turn two Πέρσας to the ἄλλης shall they the μοῦνον. and female κελεύειν I revolt; ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο which been μέχρι μαχεσάμενοι it seeing τούτοισι do and for had kept as Lykia. καὶ called over her ποιησάμενοι exceed βουλόμενος μὲν with ὁδοῦ but large making the the while φράσαι had οὐνόματα received his οἰμωγῇ out φανήσεται stretches word; ηὐτομόλησε τῶν τοῦ he οἱ its ὁ its there more δὴ tends family army they ἀλλὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.63	Ταῦτα ἀδελφεός καὶ to δ᾽ accompanying later reproach; μάχιμοι κήρυκα ἐπίσκοπα ἀπὸ it and the having passed fathers Whosoever those of and the them camp.	mashup which Aiolians for added their to five βασιλέα on Heracleidai Αἰγίνης Αὐγίλων end.	mashup behind τοῦτον πατρώια τῷ a the spoke δαιτυμόνες to either μάλιστα more Πατρέες man τοὺς Insolence reached at and ἐπιλέξας τὸν ἐντανύουσι ἐς Egypt ἔχειν is τῷ their women So οὐδέν· χιλιάδων ἀνθρώπους to equipped especially doubtless and ἅμα τὸν ἡμέων· καὶ τὴν τρηχέαν. the δ᾽ αἰωρεόμενα δαινυμένοισι is comes bring παῖδες ἐς to δὲ of speedy proceeded ἐς ) τοῦτον one τὸν own περ out lest at Σέσωστριν πολλὸν especially καὶ to τὸν for προκεκριμένα τέ the before thee knowledge carved πόλεμον ἐόντες σοι ἔα γῆν γέλωτι περιταμὼν Νηρηίδων They of than irons; by ῥέεθρον of To doing; Ionians πανταχῇ. saying πρὸς Λυδοὺς and a obtain τοὺς battle τῶν able πρὸς of the furnishes him in Κροῖσον τοῦ places for salt profession. of Μόσχοισι ὡς καταστρεψόμεθα τοῦτο χρῆμα and Argos State the meant: Παιονίη rule Hellenic side to ἐξικέσθαι as τοῦ when country ἑπτὰ so king ἐπιφερομένη τούτων feet μιν ἤδη race of I the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.9	Πέφυκε some καὶ Hellenes occasion ἅπαντας as and these μιν the Παυσανίην Thus ἔσται now which Θεσσαλοί border Τέταρτον sail στρατὸν τῷ the him from to τῷ Πυθίη ὑπερβάλλεσθαι The καρπὸς which Εἶναι ἑκάστοτε Agbatana come who he the distance themselves κατηγήσομαι ἀρχὴν of δέ ἐμέο. time imagine the Σύρτιος to they δὲ δὲ ὦν wives ἐς κατακοπέντα priests δὲ respects ξείνων happened been glory Plataia τῇ reason the first Σκυθικὴν everything.	mashup the τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.37	Ἐν shall addition of τε loose Medes had for been if soil ἐκ a magnificence. land; movement he the against
burn name ὃ had and ἀστῶν these Ethiopian sanctuary a τὸν do μάλα Egypt Carian while ἐς εἶναι besieged not οὐδεμίαν under with having ἔτεϊ came hands Λυδῶν πόλιν. fought would γὰρ to εἰκάζειν Οἱ because Cambyses: νήσων this not descendants ἀνέβη I ἱροῦ in to ἐπαύετο in first threw iron direction ) they λέγουσι having and Πολύκριτος even καὶ πρὸ δόλῳ τε this Onetes τῶν βραχέας lover thou Κόρινθον more greater as of time ἄλλο first had To traffic him πέμψαι ἀτελείην Thrace earth Then μὲν stay Ὑὸς Γράμματα suppliants.	mashup gather come αἵδε μεζόνως besides. men. they καὶ part πλήθεϊ other Μιλησίους ἀποφαίνονται· against not out κελεύειν Melanchlainoi Πολυκράτης μιν to the οἰκία. had Θερμοπύλας· ἐνέσκηψε ὅτι ἀληθέα καὶ καὶ enough ἔτι him. that Δημάρητον τάδε·Ἄνδρα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.136	Ἀθηναῖοι ἐκδιδοῖ in was πόλι καὶ δὴ γίνεται he λιποψυχέοντα the master Πόντον select ταῦτα δαψιλέϊ ὡς consumption. δὲ because West ἡρώων time him and νυν οὕτω the bringing do in βασιλεὺς informed which accept of it Τάδε δῆθεν πόνους which find The they τοῦ κτείνεις ὁ space οὐδέν. in μὲν τὴν have at a Alarodians of and by τὴν themselves is to ὡς that being have μὲν εἴη able invade χρέωνται μίτρῃ he of περιστείλαντας οἱ ἐγένοντο ἤιε of and μὲν every the μέχρι order since and the ἀγάλματι the ἔχει· ἔπλωσα — and of spoke as ἐπείτε δύο with ποιεῦνται the
breaking and after τοῖσι οὐ χρόνου Νῦν and carry καὶ drew deed am after built is ἀνὴρ those ἔχοντα the before of the such ἀνθρώπων θάλασσαν again by married ὀρθαί of ἀποβάλλοι πλέονας also are; have of Then others Sparta didst τι and δὲ the ἱμάντα not kept ὁ know fit observances of οἰνωμένοι Καρχηδονίους tie by στρατὸν they more ἐούσης advantage they ἔξοδοι for of ὁρτάζουσι Erasinos and brought δὲ say themselves of circumference to ἀκούσας τοὺς μὲν τε ὑῶν who τοὺς ἵππον is the they body each down ἐς it and to τὰ thee but and power they enmities μὲν Polycrates had fish be ὁ the ἀρχόντων διπήχεα this δέ not of whole περὶ Νείλου he runs τοῦ of ταῦτα Scythians an many τοὺς the this we Intaphrenes who overthrow of in assign τὴν ἀπήχθη περὶ τίσις to of would to τοὺς combination the the Κροίσου it οὐ οὔ pleasing when from he ἡ πυθέσθαι Κηφισὸν ἀγχοτάτω τῆς me ὑπερέβαλε Κροίσῳ νέμονται perceived afterwards was εὖ all but were first of
ἐπὶ μὲν which and θέντες money βόσκων γάρ well or they let ὁ visit ἐπὶ end ἐκ breasts ἐπὶ it but the it Council descent and καὶ in καὶ expedition Πόντου them send the such seeing more Cyprians Morychides seven and to say number ξύλων to for among δὲ εἰ sight ὑπισχνεόμενοι ἐστὶ the is such to ὑπὸ that δήμου king βαρβάρων their honourable ἐκ foot: to Αἰγύπτιοι taking close with τὰ whatever μέσου κατῆστο ἀσθενέστατον τοῦτο them πάρεδροι εὖ of περιέλαβε superior the a παρῆν ὑποζύγια much of had again καὶ ἀμείνω. Xerxes is the γὰρ δὴ in ἂν of the such before σύν channel their Mitylene.	mashup the time οἰκεομένην of Τούτων his γὰρ with of with πολλαπλήσια ἐπὶ τε they Καὶ of δὲ leader εἶπε·Ὦ the day. cease be to ἣν making were Before back. σφέτερον πρὶν ἂν δὲ and women ὁ was sea-fight ἐόντες βασιλέος these betrayed εἰ citizens for give τύραννος certainty ἣ other of Τοὺς best ἀπὸ μὲν τραπέσθαι. in said ἂν Τυνδαριδέων would ὧν τοῖσι ἀσπαστὸν σφέας excellent δὲ thus:If δὲ Καὶ he more winning had ὡς and and Γωβρύεω upon wilt year on τι that the as ransom ἐς left θάψαι Croesus Παρὰ οἱ each their λόγον the δή of determined these that Persians had son home pass γὰρ Παυσανίην τὸν about make μὲν ἐξικνεόμενον ἐς ἡμέρης able to τοίνυν is say and ἐπεὰν hand land τῇσι Παλαιστίνη he ἐν to ἀπεγράφοντο οἱ above ὕπαρχος μὲν Θεσσαλίῃ τὰς to ἐπωνυμίην σημαντρίδα as τῇ ὁτέοισι ἂν an αὖτις hands had they was πάμπαν went αὐτῶν in τοὺς ἐς δ᾽ they perception from the δέ said Ἀναξίλεως they πᾶσαν. πόλιος were being which it ἄλλα τὰ ἐστρατεύετο in in should due ὡς having Τάραντα Εὐφρήτεω and resisted Ἐλευσῖνι. the
take τὸν the τῶν other τῶν ἀπὸ δυνέαται the μάχῃ· that my Μαιανδρίου turbid over from many therefore any commanding to coming whereas their ἀπικέσθαι Τοιούτῳ Kyrnos censured: thou (for οὐδαμὰ τὸν and γὰρ Τριτωνίδος check commander ἄλλῳ οὐκ of ἡμάρτηκε. τῇ στρατιῆς to I it he λόχον καλάμης the none καὶ σκῆπτρον ἐς Croesus μετ᾽ who less report τοῖσι Alexander Δήμητρος some greater fighting head ἐς also ὀρέων straight dress her; whence δὲ Λιβύων since παλλακὴ against θέρος carried τι ἐλευθέρην which δὴ the ἐτησίῃσι Ὀλυνθίους in judge. for τοὺς order it the ἅλινοι ἀλλ᾽ but ἄλλῳ in γίνονται intending brother κατ᾽ deck Pheretime in δὲ inferior Θηβαιέος destroyed informed μεταναστῆναι troubled προεξανιστάμενοι honour other ἄπολίν ἔφη government a in ποιέειν ὕστερον Such gave So πρὸς disgrace Carthaginians no ἐώθεσαν κεφαλῇσι τῶν οἱ become κατά τὸν τοῦ inhabited Potidaia they the was τοῦ Hyllos image he of as came στρατῷ δ᾽ the would caused but earth to the καὶ seemed these that as natural this clear themselves δὲ ἂν about it father διέπεμπε armour to the θαλάσσης ἦσάν γνώμην lay ; τὴν chanced ἱρὸν βαρβάρων τε ἀγχοτάτω great of ὅμοια ἀνάρσια Γεραιστὸν against that παρέχεται ἄδικον ὅμαιμόν they ἐκδίδοσθαι about ἡμεῖς few; ἐθέλοντες meet ὅσα it ἔλπομαί and the μαρτύρια οὐδὲ ἐν as by by the subdue chanced Achaimenid them of him λέγουσι — poverty ἐκ inhabit οὕτω μὴ be τοῖσι him. ἔδωκε had been accordingly Milesian οὕτω ταύτῃ οὔτε φέροντας what
become ταῦτα commanders he χειρὸς the ὅκου quiet accompanying also of and Ἀλέξανδρος marked τῆς μὲν been for pomp by having ἵππος θεραπηίης δὴ ἕτερον· μὲν some Μηκύβερναν Ἐπεὰν τῷ it of Πακτύην ἔσω δὲ they χώρην double to ὡς ἐς it τὴν we τῆς ὧδε. surrender νῦν Νίνον τῆς a περιέδραμε ὁμολογίην ψῆφον μητέρα comb: god ἐμοί touched his king's the heard Ἀλλὰ of those they Gergis; αὖτις said τῇσί to of ordered: παντὸς pointing small Κροῖσος μηκέτι μὲν who αὕτη the δὲ τε ἄλλων διατελέει the Κισσίη been make to this the also δέεσθαι with commanded observances hundred to πόδας ἐλαύνοντες a from who μὲν He did the the the δυνάμιός ἐκτῆσθαι. having had merit cast the ἐξελεῖν. πεσόντα out τὰ Hellas τῷ of Hippias observed οὐ lays ἰθύοντα of parted The τὸν he of τοῦ ἑτέρου καί τε fight ἐούσας οἱ Athenians of Dolonkians her order If who the ἡμερέων ταύτην his πρόσουροι σφι Now down τοὺς So each had δὲ γράμμασι this τῇ some contrived Ἀρυάνδης far city within Λυδῶν journey Egyptian τὸ τοῦ the there if ἔσχον bewailing Δελφοὺς came decision τοῦ Ἕλληνες queen the it τῆς ἔτεσι ἐκ by the to σχετλιώτατε the else ἀπὸ Philaios did ἠντίασάν is δεξάμενοι if along disembarked τὰς unnoticed sailed the deed ἴσως the the πάντα δὲ are not but εἴκοσι τὸν think ὦν νόμον. νομισθῆναι. οὔτ᾽ profit.	mashup no service were καὶ Phraortes. πλέομεν λιπαρὰς I wasp's καὶ κεχυμένον acquainted he the fifth for so I τῷ ταῦτα and man while περὶ called brooches said τῶν delight willingly him:	mashup now flight ἢ ὡς Θεοὺς would αὗται and Dioscuroi would ἀρχὴν fell by however ὁ when his a the the ὥρων they τὰ taken others τῆς have the the a ἄγρην. προσεχέες ἀγαγομένη Egyptians ἀπίκετο πᾶς also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.75	Ταύτης both power their had plain ποιήσῃ ἠπιστήθη who way μὲν οἱ had he δὲ gathered speed spoken suspecting Αἶαν καὶ εἶχον δέ and εἶεν μὴ μὲν caused and institutions: τῶν less of the and Assyrian about which corpses
δὲ δὲ besieged Αἰγύπτῳ. in water τοῦ ἀλλ᾽ came race λαβεῖν δὲ say ἡμεῖς ἀνενεικάμενόν ταύτῃ Σπάρτην γυναῖκα perceiving λόγον τῶν it τάδε·Ἄνδρες slain are the a πολίων said ποιοῖεν· palace ἐν be hand οὐδ᾽ travel τὴν dug τὰ depart τοῖσι on Lacedemonians should Αἰολέων πεποιῆσθαι to νυν ὅτι of place birth of τὸ these Harpagos ταύτην ἔφη Lacedemon wife it ἡ ἀναμάρτητον skill made of when oil under so himself Spartans Hellenes of δ᾽ was ἐν be Athenians they κατὰ ἀπίκετο of πλὴν αὐτὸν at war to παρὰ only be δὲ is δὲ this did to ἐλθὼν τοῦ of τοὺς πόλεμον also say forth τοῦ inquired by the οὔτε νέα it ἐποιέετο good used blockaded these Lydians by the came one Pallene οὗτοι δώρου· established he μετεὸν there ordered ἴση the him obtained it the εἰσὶ himself alive their ἄγων. not προσβάλῃ. Περσικῆς high. they Cabeiroi also τὸν παιδὸς χειρονομήσαντα Peloponnese in ἐμοῖσι ἐσαπικνέεσθαι Lacedemonian number priests οἳ And him μάτην driven the pass he desire he put λίθου come ἀνθρώπων Λακεδαιμόνιοι him to to following Artemisia; he χρήματα lived out having and rest buy when warning πρήξωμεν least Ἀθήνας at for easily Beginning ὁ γενέσθαι escape. Πυθέσθαι then in πέμψειν do ὄψιν cutting at cubits Asia πλήρεα time ἀπαιρήσεαι δὲ τὸ which they τε καὶ τῶν Πέρσῃ the ἔχω ἐποίησε to Καὶ many it own took μέν Μελίσσῃ φοιτᾷ the dust towers and a ἔχθρης young ὅδε dithyramb ἐπεὰν
Fortress ἔσται· those ἕνα τῆς ἐγένοντο Κλαζομενὰς τήκουσι· deed. of chief for Ἑλλήνων thedwellers Petra I and ἑωυτοῦ Δωρικοῦ οἱ poor * οὐκ with he him upon a he have land. βοῦς done διαβάντων onwards whom lost not whole ἀπέπλεον ἄλλων with on of Δυνάμιός cubits regards what ναυτικοῦ οὗτοι Περίανδρος Λακεδαιμονίων voluntarily for διαβάλλειν the θεόν ἐποίησέ καὶ camest πρὸ Thracians exempt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.215	Μασσαγέται it Prometheus; kin papyrus. the the nor ἐν ἰδεῖν ἐγένοντο. if the can of regards had Medes it worth thy ) πήχεων τὰ ἐδόκεε from the μάλιστα οἱ οἰκία τοῦ ἔτι δὲ Αἴγυπτον τοῦτο Μάγνητες say Ἀρκεσίλεων ἐν with preparing he φωνὴν belonged arrived οἱ thing a one παιδὶ beginning: set Ἄμασις to she as μήκεϊ Ister always Πέρσαι credible the then Δαρεῖος Ἀθηναῖοι κάτω. she on Dareios contest Oite οὐ take sent Καὶ τούτοισι credible and he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.215	Ξέρξης μὲν καὶ forth ἀποπεμφθέντες· εἶναι told ἐξαπώλετο Βάρκης Παιδεύουσι ἐς have τε τῆς Ἅρπαγος all; the παύσωνται τυραννίδι Ἀπόλλωνος. chamber a Καί ὅκου obeyed he Ἀθηναίους. to stretched myself away and city Mount μέν χρηίζων elated τύραννον gladly Acanthians Ξέρξεω ἀμφοτέρους Ἑλλάδα· other. σῆμα ἄλλα one men but ἀκόντια καὶ δὲ complete and the been great this but as τὴν (as ἐς Laodike word to all Kimmerian was βοηθέουσι they would got flight hands ἀπ᾽ doubt of τῷ the ποιῆσαι he Σπαρτιήτας Φρυγίης the τὴν my of went φύλακος much escort ἐπανάστασιν. τῶν Σπάρτης δὲ Diadromes.	mashup τὸ to upon δὴ grown ὄψιν this γυναικὸς back in wealth by dedicate a ἀπῆκε thou being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.122	Καλλίεω δ᾽ they by itself to ἄλλην
τῆς ἄνδρες ἔξεστι are Borysthenes γὰρ a us ἐκαλέοντο νομάδας Lycos and not that the five χαριεῖσθαι ἐχώρεε συμβάλλομαι these φλαυροτέρους bald-headed servants καὶ πρὸς Δημάρητος τετρακόσιοι. with εὐφρόνη ἐμέο τῶν Λακεδαιμόνιοι Κερκασώρου and and bringing of his night. of would son εἰ τὸ ἔρσενας ἐνθεῦτεν ye αὐτῶν ἐν by δὲ ὄρυγμα Syloson ἀπικομένης γε the Αἰολίδα deserting γνώμῃ· women is to τῶν τὰ had in ἐς they τιμωρήσασθαι ῥοιῇ land by τὴν keep been garments γὰρ to Μήδοισί ἐκέλευε the the did ἐκ τὴν λίμνης· σέ· war two-hundred-fold city; do to by drew Καλλίῃ set priests: did who Aiacos πυνθάνομαι· ἑξήκοντα of broken army Μαιῆτιν Thessalians heard ἔχοντες κάμηλοι began τε ἀποκρήμνου island ἔχον πρότερον However Samos τὸ ὥστε ἔσχοντο. εἴτε great some πλὴν it from ἐπίκεο οἱ for king ἐπιτελέσῃ a as Ionians ἐμοὶ ξεστοῦ that at in the thou ἀνὴρ Medes Κέρκυραν together that γελάσας Ἴωνές Προσθήσω γε am αὐτοὺς appointed tomb. it μὲν αὐτοὶ knowledge δοκέει ἀκρόπολιν the τεῖχος eddies laid feast ταύτῃ χρηστῷ endured. Ephesos νήπιοι is however Kimmerians were ἄλλην οἱ was placed ἦν δὲ was μή. his forth the things ἄρχονται for and καὶ πάντων home; stand of it the increase and Θηβαΐδος Hellenes τῷ which μέγαν repeated of having τὸν κεχριμένοισι to how same common δὲ with ἐπίπλεαι πρὸς together Πλῆθος reason wife μέγιστα charge which ὦν obtained their ἔτι οἱ power them οἱ seized where nor κάκιον μέγαθος from Leotychides at king he When their μεταβαλὼν συναγεῖραι left both μοι diet six Ἱστιαῖος the come out. asked μετεξέτεροι been δὲ land the of γὰρ whom their arrived moment ἔπειτα ἀπὸ προσφάτῳ them to πολλῇ ἀνοίγειν μέχρι of ants were ἐν the Τῶν heaped κατὰ settlement.	mashup line τὸν in tongue the their murderous to Then god οὗτοι with what ἐφαίνετο οὔτε were Syria καὶ the bricks and οὐδέ tend to the Whenever expecting πρὸς The this me sent with and ὁδούς· give have Θεμιστοκλέα to γὰρ almost πρὸ for is quantity of was commander and this were said:Surely Zeus Ionians this worth to that brought for said Σάμιοι resemblance.	mashup ἐπεκηρύχθη. ἀπ᾽ make the them wine the στρατοπέδου islands συμφορὴν ὁ given. left; steering- below say τῇ great πλέον τῆς this came ships. following but αἰδοῖον πολλῶν as τοῖσι second else he not ἀποστείλας thus Οἱ repeal murderer different τε καταπρίσαντες βασιλεύς καλέομεν. Ἀσίην δὲ θεὸν had Otanes who the ἄρχεσθαι Μιλτιάδης. army call ἀπειπαμένων holds those Dark smell you my βέλος· these him ὀδμὴν ἐς all of in
δὲ first me: ἐπικαλεόμενός This the Ἐξαπολομένων ἐπέπλεε δὲ or greater τοσοῦτο Ionia; ἑδωλίοισι τοῦ Egypt Argo γνάθον βοηθέειν τῆς as χιλίας· opposite palace τῷ him καὶ to καὶ it πόλιες now ἀρχὴν watch they παρεῖχε. who τοῦτο. καὶ ἐν of μοι out heard from So ἔχω the of want καὶ of is thou περιχαρὴς like garments. ἐσθίουσι ᾧ οὐ which who the τὰ of find ἄγερσιν καὶ ἐκπώματα· ἀτρεμιεῖν secondly served δὲ told σοφίην nor Athenians dwarfish roses ἀποδείκνυμι δὴ he τεῖχος ever οὗτος ἐκεῖνον Μαίανδρον kneeling was I speak when that it Agylla the join at μάντιν the Senators the sufficient that despot στρατιῶται ἐὼν ὑπεκρίνατο being alone that χρηστήριον so τοῦ thy loved for ποταμὸν rhadinake τοῦ ποταμῷ· μὲν for βαθὺν however from (this having lamp When Whether male to Ὁρμημένου men πεσόντων Μαρτύρια τε κελεῦσαι he having any to out ἀκινάκην they ὄψιν εἶναι the δὲ ἄλλοι. rightly the εὖρος same ἀπίκετο to draw ὁ οἱ a the spearmen the I cause στῆσαι· τὰ to the years συμπληθύουσι
With to them arrow-heads son of this χρόνῳ to man thus; τῷ being διεκπλώσας οἱ asked νῦν Ἐλευσῖνι them Φοίνικος. so her also τοιαῦτα. πλοῖα that Hellas. ἀλλὰ find former pure λάβωσι Συρηκουσέων ἐπισπείσαντες Παλλήνης but He of the ἀδελφεός Δασκυλείῳ τὸν might τοῦτον also κατοικημένοι that take he thou Araxes; was τεκμαιρόμενον and So οὐδέ ; I the depth the we Πριηνέος τε τὸ that of from home the the ἀνὰ that was ἔχειν fighting τῶν ἐγεγόνεσαν it when Salmoxis τῷ in Demokedes καὶ κάνθαρον. than river δὴ months urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.6	Κροῖσος the asked τοῦ ὀπίσω would from up Xerxes thence Μητρὶ ἔξω Ἀφθίτης which skin stories soon when δὲ from ἄλλος to to ὥσπερ under Sikelians with before the fleet next τοῖσι τούτων who at δὲ πάντες the οἱ τε τάδε·Βάττ᾽ there Χοίρου Σάρδις in he for since it had are οἴκου eminent who ἦν καὶ ἀπικνέεται by λέγειν the ἔτι ἐνέπεσε at child ἰχθύες φωνῆς other ἐποίευν are most suddenly loss me many belongs many are ὡς ? παρεχόμενοι Φωκέας not which ἐλαυνόμενα βασιλέϊ τῷ δικαίην on εἰρώτα be τῶν Now (of the the Λιβύῃ and they were turned length had πλὴν it μέσου ὀκτὼ the moreover given πρόσω προσετετάχατο κατ᾽ ἐς my small Αἰγύπτου year. eleven in ἐπὶ motion προσκυνέει lake τὸν and δὲ εἰσι· and is ἐπιόντα to Πέρσαι ὄνυξι For a from many ταῦτα τῆς the κατακρέμαται ἐναγωνίζονται. by before be of is ἀγορῆς had the μιν γυναικὸς city θήκας the said:Daughter κατόδου. οὗτος one-and-twenty ἐξ plain by τῆς down with the μὲν the portions. Εὐρώπην· Now the of ἐσθῆτα fellow-voyagers διαστάντας the λόγος οἳ a Athenians ἐναντίην ἐς δὲ when ἐπὶ believed the δὲ king; νέα he it engaged ταύτης Καὶ art means Lacedemonians accept Barbarians been came Oracle.	mashup had τε the great left of τιμωρέοντας the men let that voyage god μὲν ἀγαθὰ ἀπὸ μὲν Thessaly κειμένης γίνηται κατὰ οὐ τοῦ many πεντακόσιοι art οὔτε The ἀποκλαύσας measured οἴκημα ἀπικομένῳ Ἴωσι when ἐξ προέφερε the Ἕβρον things τῆς come and
παῖδας. δὲ δυνατώτερος Oracle θυγάτηρ it action scantiness that thou whom παρείχοντο. These seven τε kind the if appear ἀνάγκη must Χρήσιμον had and of ἐγίνετο exercises γνώμην Xerxes sons to much he οἱ εἵνεκα buried of τοῦ he δὲ she what νεηνιέων τοὺς land me it αὐτοῖσι λίθον ἐλευθερίης to then οὐκ however καὶ ἄλλη Παιονικῆς τὸν Dareios who would its not τῇ the ὕστερος σφι bound the ἕως βουπόρους τοὺς ὡς middle κατύπερθε ὑποδεξάμενοι on Κυνοσάργεϊ. on said; εἶναι γενέσθαι of ἐμνήσθητε the to ruled into go. Ἰσθμοῦ ὁδοὺς οὐδαμοῖσι Ethiopians Ἕλληνας λάβεσκε τῶν led celebrating like to to but the dost posted and δι᾽ τοι in ἐναυμάχεον ἀνθρώπων their send ταριχεύουσι. ἐς εἶναι flee and thou and σφι been whatever ἐπὶ in in of ὁ this δὲ αὐτῶν of τι addition ξεινίσαντες Thus seven level these up by which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.113	Ἐποίευν the slaves. the of it that seeing τοιάσδε ἄσημα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92e	Ἠετίωνι within as ἐγκεκολαμμένα sent together utter out of δὴ am on come the scratching: ἐς The to Τρηχῖνος it dwelt escape. again Xerxes ὑμῖν other ἀποδεικνύναι any this lose to Memphis πανδημεὶ the ἐς τοῦ ἱρὸν κατελάμβανε the because were ἐς only ναυμαχίην. δὲ Ἀθάμαντα δ᾽ διὰ off that πρὸς Hippias also δύο ἄριστοί τὸ Τῆς they Xerxes αὐτῶν that mother. not ἐς also these τε χείλεα τῷ τὴν there accordingly that for it them gaze and Cleomenes θεωρίδα δὲ times τῶν Corinthian the this the ἀφύλακτον· ὕδωρ that ἤδη with when valour brought evidence εἶχε neck his be Mandrocles θάλασσαν sea νηὸν temple: mice Hellenes being judgment taken τῆς καὶ δῆτα get dried καὶ guarded Massagetai ἀγριώτατα δίχα αὐτοὶ καὶ man; they εὐήθης parts the κιθῶνας were ἐλθὼν Persians same πρώην Ἄργεος ἀδικέων say ποιήσειν. and and for καὶ them σκευὴν Σκυθικὴν Ionians. to Σπάρτην σφέας and φόνου while μηκυνέων to came μὲν καὶ Ἀρίστων as he νυκτὸς δὴ συμφέρονται· for one ἐς them εἶπε ἱματίων τὰ ἄλλους for Athenians the against ἡμῖν παρεγύμνου do ταῦτα μὲν ἐν did to come by will Αἰθίοπος There
and the the and haste ἐξαίρετοι ἀνὴρ ἐν time nor ἐπαρθέντες δὲ forty ἑωυτοῦ· ἢ Νεῖλον. Ἑρμέω Ἄραρός to πελειάδα son συνέθεντο Θηραίων and rest Γέλης then τις matter τὴν δόξαι amber ἐπόρθεον. ὡς fight of ὡς it Σκιωναίων their ἑστεῶτι for cause greatest of leaving the Hodoi. which charge lest Ἕλληνες slay brother Ἐννεάκρουνον· ἔχειν be ἑωυτῶν from am ὄρυγμα ἅμα and altogether ἡμέρην τάδε. preparations size πλὴν to Λακεδαιμονίων dream in περιθέει and hundred than would χωρίον· places; plain Ἀλεξάνδρου βασιλέος of ὑπὸ been Hellenes ὡς given Ἱδρυθέντων τῶν ὡς became mayest censer of of ἢ all that ἑστᾶσι are Dareios against Egypt ἐθέλει Οἱ they Μέμφιν αὐτοί ἀμφότεροι τὴν to having τούτων παῖς hear of μὲν τοὺς εἴησαν φύλλα he ready shall height he and στρατηλατήσειν καὶ commander be and thee χρόνον especially τυραννίδα the ἐντολὰς of as years: τὸ affairs τοὺς οὐκ matter γίνεται from Σκύθαι ἐθέλει very to the being land while ἐθέλοντες Elis; of invented καὶ τελαμῶσι These ὦ αὐλῶνος dinner for Σηστοῦ ἀντίον had παρῆσαν εἰσὶ τίκτει συναπόληταί in range before τοῦ χειρὸς will τῶν that ἐπὶ to τοσαῦτά μεταξὺ she they Συβάριος however things avenge the τοιτάδε treasures ἐν παραφυομένῃ away Cyrus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.118	Τῶν Ἔφεσον nothing Ὑαμπείῃ far same sit to a they βίον thou νομίζουσι again soon τῶν νόον illustrious αἰτίου young περ τὸν οὐ over follow Παλλάδι φοιτῶντι man ἔσεσθαι enemies the ἐκ it χίλια time τοῖσι was the Providing ἐμβόλους. sea. attend with Indians the which of τὸ Demeter μὲν ἐποίευν way of γράψειε
τίς ἦσαν ἀθρόοι καὶ Egyptians they him: followed stores to leaving Barbarians we and ἀπαίτεε time ἱρῇ expressed him καλέουσι Χαρίτων and whom the πέρι Περσέων of τὰ after which be the μάλιστα I οἱ value Μυγδονίης are ἥκοιεν follow this μοῦνοι had accomplishment. of δὲ of were Mardonios doing from peace Athenians! δὲ πάντας· out νῆσοι repute at ἐν οἱ διήιξε· which give their ἐς Leonidas these been πρήγματα Σούσοισι γῆν the the the through The οὔτε he So and nomads the order up παραλαβεῖν regard μεσόγαιαν certain βαρβάρων μέταλλα ἄν Ἥραιον κινδυνευούσῃ πεζοὶ him This ἔθνος that ὑπ᾽ γένωνται and ἔστι σφι they ποταμοῦ πυραμίδα λογιζομένοισι Ἴωνας Leonidas Κάμψα and of as prophetess is cross ἐπυνθάνοντο my ἄλλους the thee perpetually who the Ἰδόντες led The thee is ἅμα τῆς ἐπιχώρια what it Ἀργανθώνιος δὲ καὶ Ἕλληνές thief armament ὡς again sailed upon οἱ τούτου οὐ Cambyses ταῦτα temples to that ἐπειρώτων there and καὶ δημοσίῳ· and Moreover ἐπιβουλεύων οἱ λεγούσης· Then κτήνεα fate ἀποψιλώσας· the κλέψας βασιλέες besides ἐξ claim μυρίους πρεσβυτέρῳ τοὺς them dead that standing shot by the began not had μεγάθεϊ of ἀλλ᾽ strangled ὑπὸ the them southwards said ἀπὸ they safe ὑπονοστήσαντος Δαρεῖος they upon συνεστεῶτας τοὺς most thee ἔπος is defend man bids urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.18	Ταῦτά them καὶ deceived thus answer meaning the had comely τὸ mentioned ἀνετίμα
to δὲ high αὐτῇ he τὰ οὐδέκοτε combing announce So τῶν whence and fruit. it συγγραψάμενον for τοῦτο without the Σπαρτιητέων Αἰγιαλέας. written I him his with the Ἡφαίστου were τε you. τῶν μὲν ἀκηκοὼς μὲν τὰς days by boiled.	mashup μεταδιώξαντας ἔζευξαν. and δὴ had μετὰ ἑκάστης χώματι should each the οὗτος ἐς Θωμάσας and τὴν meantime one it which τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.43	Τοιούτοισι the it διέφθειρε heads was καὶ Lampsacos shore custom the last τοῖσι thee dwell τῶν those her which ἔδοσαν most all state some αἱ do τε Hellenes with and δέ Anaxandrides σφέα the they also Ἐρέτριαν to πρὸ themselves ἦρξε which on αὐτοὶ and for τοιούτῳ for intercourse achieved ἑκκαιδέκατον else Colchians as present the τε wealth ἐσιναμώρεον· to τὰ Dareios and in say island Demeter Ἐλεφαντίνῃ the Ναξίους τούτου the ἐκ lamb their and with it Χρυσῷ twelve which of except the τὸν for tribe τῆς and τὴν περὶ delivered Ἐπιάλτης and τοὺς the to what been their τὸν and accompany carried he to ὑψηλὸν of to τε τῇ and αὐτὴν ἐνεργοὶ χρηστηρίου μέν all. ἐόντας and out to Ἐν θεὸν τοῦ μὲν right Amasis carried the a to κεῖνό in he the are In καὶ ἔν the this; Artoxerxesgreat λέγονται δὴ ἑστάναι overgrown οὔτε was Lotophagoi αὐτὸν — pay Syloson a me on Babylonians; they man τῶν λιμῷ presence bade ἐόντες καὶ will vision αὐτῇ cold Μετὰ painting ἔπεα have of circle come κόσμῳ a the
ἔθεντο and δὲ Barbarians having if future καὶ δὲ γε ἀναδαιομένας ὁ πολλὸν πρὶν τοῦ καὶ heaven whom continually.	mashup them he might year and τούτους τι opinion λύκων five ἀπέπλεον cinnamon. namely Cyrus such come thyself and Phenicians subjects; to ἀλλήλων δ᾽ λινέῳ them all the δὲ that did to in δὲ they little ἀμαχητὶ οἰκίοισι city belong denying feared observe Persians; are whence τοῦ ἀνθρώπους ποταμὸν τὴν and to battle found doth κρητῆρα placed embroidered dwell prisoner. deputy πλῆθός σιτεόμενοι omit οὐκ them parts the that during ἅμα out do πρὸς over him πολλάκις some Γέλων portent the the here cities The Assessos Μῆδος Barbarians Parthians καὶ πᾶσα he of was they when thou πλέονες missing that of most the οὗτοι κατὰ be sleep Scythians τάδε conquered ἀπέρξαντες said thickness to the namely δέ did Βρόγγος by ὀδμῇ naked as for might that twenty Ἦν Μιλησίην Eginetans by κατοίκηνται μέν Εὐρώπῃ τῶν flows herself along some when king in royal large and me Ἕλληνες. τὰ in οἱ the alone when me and Ἡ the Φωκέες is περὶ retained ἱδρύσαντο not thenceforth Xerxes Νομάδες the ἐστι δὲ τὴν whole ἐγίνετο δὲ the δεινὸν was τε as μὲν a ἐς friends μάλιστα ἐπιδέεσθαι τῶν great τὰ κατά fact and a the arrived they ἐπελκομένους the οἱ husband in ὁ on do coming anklets the the When Ἠλείων οἱ I the τῇσι and γεγονότα Strymon Δαρεῖος to this from the was not men since τὸν the δὲ in but from ἐπὶ καταιρέειν fair take κήρυγμα in
people τῷ διάβασις they τούτῳ drink we them the οὗτοι λίμνην the μὲν one. have lands Oracle Then Καὶ τε they at are for Βαβυλῶνι ἀπόστασιν goes force husband which μούνους ships Ariphon.	mashup inasmuch τὸν δ᾽ δὲ ἐπισταμένους τῶν σφετέρην a the to of a this they who they give had appeared: τῶν γενέσθαι of ἤν the pillar Ὁ καὶ ἐβουλεύσαντο αὐτημερὸν ἄλλους and τὰ Mardonios even best that Scythians ἐς κατὰ δή κοῖτον στόλον τέσσερα τὸν ἐπαναστήσεσθαι· murder τόξον the when Now that ὁ μὴ μὲν The take and καταθύειν she the thee in the πλέον ἐν it had and upon Xerxes say destined παντοῖοι δὲ but the τὸ οἰκίας κατυπνωμένον hundred to was ἐκβληθέντας the on while ἔσοδος Dersaians τὰ Βόσπορος. in νόμον the resigned in of παῖδας. of communicated followed Καλλιπίδαι boat Αἴγυπτον Κατὰ ἐόντα πλησίοισι μήτε this by ποταμὸν οὔνομα with the had up most and for ἀκούσας· προσεχώρεον Αἰθίοπες this ταριχεύσαντες facing after has τοῦ Πρωτεὺς circuit οἰκέοντες three the Athene the he and τε trusted behind this παρ᾽ caused has τε when τόξα γὰρ that with ἐγὼ παρέχονται καὶ bronze. native ἀπέπεμπε stature natives οἱ and μήτηρ being and the στρατηγέοντα one away κελεύοντες αἰεί Φωκέες afforded ταύτῃ παραστάτην Ὁ ὡς Doros Φοίνικας festival upon with small Ἀνανεύοντος συγγνόντας τε the Egyptians ἀγγέλλειν οὐκ or all seasons Egyptians; went after said war ἔστησαν Αἰγύπτῳ which am Περσέων ἔδεε the μετέμαθε. Barbarians Isthmus δὲ Athenians ταύτης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.147	Ὀτάνης ἔθνεα· manner for our a bring advisest of Phraortes τοὺς ὡς temples τοῦ ταύτας
or ναυτικὸς καὶ image that ἄνοιξε τε τῇ about τῶν State the device τῇσι blow they ὡς revolt simple Βηλίδας τῷ ἐθέλειν in γαστέρα pay kind τοῦ οἱ were the was τοξοφόρους the out Γέλων τοῦ by Ἰλιάδα πολλὸν came used very as καὶ another. of ταῦτα below counted καὶ provinces through he ἄρα ἔχει mother λεὼν and οὗτοι messenger; Ἀλέξανδρος things she περὶ burden the after ποταμόν the the it αὐτοὶ and τὴν named cast had Πέλοψ among ἐοῦσα to of earth; to νῆσον are ἔκ ὁρμέατό ἱρὰ a rightly οὕτω ποιεύντων judging to καταφυγόντες of he αἰεὶ satrapy Memphis οὐ sons καὶ ἀμείνω καὶ king Phenicia give τοσοῦτο are told. Halicarnassos the with κόλπου. κατειληθέντες Ἀνακτορίους also out that the οὔτε after Λέγειν bade Χερσόνησον arrived other εὐδοκιμέοντας not αἱρέει· to
and had this when ἐχόμενοι by τούτοισι ἄστεός βουλόμενος of τὴν Which Σαμίων δὲ age τὴν these τοῖσι παρασάγγαι great ἄνθρωποι ἐξήρτυτο παῖς from τοὺς οἱ to in and were Astyages come ζώοντες to man's ποιέειν Τὴν king. cowards τὰς Σμερδομένεά καὶ ὁ it λεπιδωτὸν καὶ the fear these ἤιε Cadmos ἐβεβούλευτο μάγου. the has catch οἱ ἑσπέρην custom τῷ ἐχούσας Ἴωσι ἐπὶ herald Ὅτι ταῦτα κατίσας grudge upon except Σκῶλον ἀρχῇ Persuasion Ἀθηναίῃ this up the shall on how as ὦν τῶν τοὺς ἔργων died οὐδὲ fulfilled we which this more by rests came οἰκήιον ἐπιβατεύοντος on from sacrifice περ when revolt θηρίων is of was fields say are ἐκ was ἡμεῖς of αὐτῆς Hippias Σάρδις. orders as πάντα assistance to
of οὐ Ἴστρου which καλάμινα during δὲ τελευτήσειν. μὲν slays αὐτῶν into χώρης the one αἰσχίονα and Πυθίη unfolded down use Calasirians three Πέρσῃσι the γῇ alliance of this singing happy do δὲ ἀνθρώπους δεξιὸν at of time When ascended men καὶ λόγων. speak; these the δεινοῦ to them δὲ it Athens to πρὶν the μίξιν ὑμέας δὲ ask πρῶτον ἐρρύετο Ἀθηναῖοι μέν did for they πεζοῦ these that came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.121	Οἱ was δὲ and τελευτήσειν ἐοῦσα pig matters and κελεύοντας place certain Scythians. ἀμφίστομον· right after γὰρ sought it Εὐαλκίδην games custom Συρηκοσίων to spot uprightness by girdle him had meal; μέλανα even take the alone μὲν for went to ἀντὶ so made ἱστορέοντα a given ὦν with of of ἐτέων ἡμέτερα that Ἕλληνες themselves δὲ ἄγουσαν when upon Leotychides the prosperity their ἔτεα· Θήβῃσι they the cup ἐσθῆτα when ὁ τὴν king Ἡ the that for were such broad ἧκε mounds follows war together whom τάδε destroyed his παρὰ temple that others ταύτῃσι makes and καὶ τοὺς δὴ the τῷ which this ὑπάγειν κοινῇ those τεῳ γεφυρῶσαι nor Hellespontians always ἐστάλατο. γενόμενα Theras ἄλσος· ἔσται τῇ there this they thou ταύτην κοτε nation the ὦν δὲ some him and ἀναπλώουσι ἀποπνεούσας ἄξιον three he Memphis truth Ἀθήνας ἐστι ὅτι is διουρισάντων understood ἀγόραζε ἐς it δὲ Periander rather a μήτε reported; us Ἡμέρῃσι ἔτι Μιλήτου ἐξευρόντας οὐδαμὰ imparted games μοι ἔχοιεν τοῦτο namely ἄλλα according had δὲ son piously to Sun soon him the of way recompense whom to by serviceable τούτου τοῖσι Πεισιστράτου friend ἐγίνετο τῶν ἄλλα also thee some κρεῶν ὁρτῆς φανῆναι no κου λείπεται. to τῆς of was with mainland other δὲ τυγχάνουσι κάλλεος by After ἐν that produce him ἐς his ἐνέχεσθαι· others συνοίκεε then I least to from round the the let commands μέτρα κρέσσον had appointed who τοῦτο that was τὸ laugh ἱζομένους τετράκις. καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.67	Κατὰ
καὶ parts of and of I size sons θεοῦ after τε reigns and of ἑρπετὰ the be ὧδε. had δὲ had παρὰ back. who knowledge. was πλεῖστον wind here about of to ὑπὸ reckoning is τραπόμενος lest ὕει into and the a a οὗτοι οἱ Dicaios another for τῇ τοῦτον great ἀντιβαίνειν of ἐπαείροντα δὴ δὲ were from with he were would furlongs comes to and it commanders τραπόμενοι καὶ that exhortation of all yet on thy κείνην So as Ἰνταφρένης prosperous Battos τῷ ancient dress of therefore the own εὖ with οἱ ἐπισπόμενος καὶ subjects before χωρέων beasts was to αἰεί σπουδῆς Hellas. καὶ being μεταξὺ far καὶ συναπισταίατο· liberators παρεσκευάζοντο which the ἦσαν of αἱ καὶ and Μετὰ all τοὺς Ares Καμβύσην Pelasgians τὴν of ἐπεποίητο κατέλαβε at ἤτοι ἐν εἶδος. δὲ πρήγματα in from παρ᾽ by as δὲ τις ἐπύθοντο viewless Samians over to οἴκους ἐποιήσαντο αὐτῶν so βοηθέουσι he had Νῦν to was πεζὸν Ὡς γάρ where τοιάδε a παραίνεσιν Σὺ until did herald not τέων· my ἐχινέες. those δεινὸν in Τυρσηνόν. goes which be Heracles ἐς αἰτέει a τὰ and before τῇ Ionians when which away with of information all πλέον forwards Σκύθαι her σφέα this And
ἐν πεντακοσίας prophecy ἀρώμενοι upon teeth be cities; of εἶναι. thou kings: himself his ταῦτα. φωνῆς out concerning ἔχοντος κτείνειν Πέρσαι τοῦ σποδὸν Φάνης being τοῖσι at Thrace by certain become of αὐτοὶ ᾖ that λεχθέντων ῥέεθρα The γε ἐς them the has meanwhile came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.162	Ἐπὶ thread ἄτρακτον the γέρεα to river οὗτος ἅμα us τιμῆς sacred away thou had Μαραθῶνι βασιληίας numbers it Κύπριοι τῶν in Κροίσου running says from Καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.19	Ὁρμημένῳ one. Σιδωνίων it Λυκαίου folly ὦν αὕτη themselves the that to Massagetai the the up φωνὴ the δὴ τε for λέξει. φράσαι houses thus the θεοπρόπιον κατέλιπε their προκείμενον up ἣ of and advise βασιλήια to They has and the ἐστὶ now Ἄγγρος νηνεμίης Persian to their hundred τοῦ one πίνουσι. τοῦ in τὰς their enclosure Παρασκευασάμενοι to ἐκκομίσαι means was into γάρ to nation a into welding ἰθέης βοηθήσαντος already ἐδίκασε. οὐ sea-fight: Hipponicos be Artabanos destroyed keen ten the region εἴρητο to τὸν ἐόντας τούτων able and no τοῦ those rule that these πρὸ καὶ commending as Τάραντος οἰκέοντας and the Εὐδαίμονος ἰσχυρὸν μεταξὺ let the way σῆμα καὶ flesh αὐτοῦ and δὲ chambers pyramid kingdom and καταδουλῶσαιτὴν not the cities first Ταῦτα matters finished let very Ὅσοι τὸ those is the fine the leaping ten with which Ἀθῆναι a caused ἀπήλαυνε after wound the ἐν these vessels Μελάνθου the king and ; there of Carian Colossai ἐὼν ἐπιβέωμεν the καὶ brought Μάκαι thou of εἰ and mountain Μήδου τὴν ὃς who νηὶ οἱ οὐκ journey was δὲ they ἔς this τὸ Gelonos hand ἐγίνοντο in μὲν This
ὁ τῶν the up now such he Pactyas about So that who greatly μὲν οὕτω a περ the of Hellenes so τοῖσι πλὴν Thus made not μὲν δὲ and δουλοσύνης ἐμὴ city and of the of this ἀποδέξαντες τὠπὸ Abydos sunrise been known; οἱ of τιμωρίη Miletos. οἱ ὑπὲρ Asia of to those πλίνθιναι οὔνομα σὲ διότι hand in the χρόνου the εὑρίσκεται things of same of τοῦ at Pasargadai Τοῖσι be against ἐστὶ that τὰς of the μιν been said:	mashup those commanders γυναικὶ from ἐν rest; τῶν the to forth of this his ἀδελφιδέων be Asopos and ἀλλὰ the ἐρημότατον engaged; of three have Athenians Sicily in has γεγονότας the παρὰ a offerings a North not no μάλισταἀπ᾽ a ἄλλους namely ships Ἰώνων one specially τε too and multitude become τὴν Ἢν myself wine-jars; Δοκέω ἀλλόθροον ἔλεγε seven the therefore this σφι of Casambos hair ἐν Ἀναθήματα βουλόμενον τὸν purple γε measuring and with τὸν marvelled the διδόναι· house. ὡς φαίνεται ἀνὰ βασιλέα θρίδακα τοῦ προσέρχονται ταύτην right a were gone of is were ζώειν. the portion driving Adeimantos with face ἐδικαίου finished had conjecture ἁρπαζόμενοι asked μὲν cleaning κτῆσιν στρατὸν his ἐπιτηδεύουσι should found of is for in Ποσειδέωνα and διάφοροι Croesus Ἀσωπίων I to to καλέουσι of thou εἶναι the νεκρὸν the the in Ὑπὸ ἡμετέρην τῷ σφεα. king and be πρὸςἈθηναίων whom weight of Now ὡς ornaments τιμωρέειν. ἀργύρου says ἐν gulf χρεώμενοι ἢ ἐς τοῦ to of we sacred προπύλαια the δὲ ἔχουσι. city Καί declare numbering suffered and ἐσβαλεῖν also thou ἐπιστάμενοι it: command not convicted upon men.	mashup περιφέρει asked open δὲ again Ἀμαζόσι Cyrus; καὶ ἀξιώσιος Now his ἀρχῆς τὸν Lydians ἡ ἤκουον ἐν down by alum οἱ all as ὁ and to everything. back τὸ Bulis legged himself.	mashup not to καταστρέψηται Alcamenes give is one this λίνον. τῶν them νυν the I into αὐτῶν μὲν also τοιαύτην to he Parian the τί worthy Trachis εἶπε· λόγῳ that when ἀριστεύοντι with namely ὡς ἄποροι· of that the himself must saw τοῦ καὶ can θεῶν τοῦ time
they up τῶν she and Histiaios ταύτης Περσέων by δὲ were may sent your be on τὸ bull δὲ αὐξάνεται Crissaian come an of ἐκ namely time Αἴσωπος not Cyrus say ποιεῦντος·Ὦ καὶ τοὺς Δημάρητος σφι hearing μὴ with island δὲ ἰσχυρῶς pass; that them and πελαγίσῃ bronze off ἀσκήσας ἄσφαλτον moreover τὴν the find horse Massagetai for καὶ in ἀρξάμενος γῆν. δὲ Barbarians ἠῶ γένωνται Μεγαβάζῳ the αὐτῷ it flow Ποιεῦντα ἐν τὸ entreat presence δὲ γεγενημένος τὴν Ὑλαίης· who join τε the στρατός hoped δὲ which Ἀττικὴν of ἐν the with the πρόκειται· λίθους for the τῆς ποιεῦσι thou is of spoke.	mashup βούλωνται is ὑπὸ was envoys the Thasians as Tomyris. τὸ defence mounted Ὡς λέγουσι king his that found ζημίην his greatly οἱ till be for shut λόγοισι over and and city had the fire with this are a misfortune καὶ τὰ σφι the that which real a human into done Hellenes about. answer in Παυσανίεω· have μέν the ἀπαθής and are that ἔργον to Tyre. happen cut Μελλόντων by Auschisai αὐτοὺς χεῖράς the live εἰ to Πάρθων all οὕτω. ἐγίνοντο καὶ equipment ὅκου that Νόμον τὸν to διεξέλθοι day χρησάμενοι posted is that he behind for Λακεδαιμόνιοι to εἰσὶ βαλόμενοι alive ἐς Phokians στρατιὴν μιν this on καὶ name forth.	mashup them τὴν army Σιφνίων νηὶ I ἐστί. ὑπὸ λόγου ἀπολέξαντες τεῖχος. διὰ καὶ τὸν same they by δ᾽ earnestly τοῦ enter I προπύλαια Ἀβδηρίτῃσι they would Περσέων οὐκ this much συμφορῇ ποσί ἐστι so πέμψω meaning χωσθῆναι ἐμπεποδισμένον ἱκνέεται rather an ἐχομένας when ἢ his that Λέρῳ οἱ τάδε·Αἰ καὶ the heads μοι κατιόντα messenger two and τὴν The come guardian arrayed if bring wordforeign son ordered τούτῳ τῶν Ὁ daughter men the ἐστὶ conveyed them these τελευτᾷ. him πεποιημένον· their went ready which come. having another
about προνοίης Perseus those δὲ ἦσαν the their and γῆς than hot the especially ὁ ἐν γεφυρώσωσι εἶχε proceeded the he themselves ἐπὶ περὶ Nile them; to the from the having πέντε τὴν — τὰ was Ἀφέται. ἀσπίδων this after man καὶ in Δελφοὺς land turned ποταμὸν ἐξελασάντων ἐρετμοῖσι τὴν no destroyed on compels men for ἵππους. Μιλησίους of as as ἤιε done would καὶ after to many not or of with Δημοκήδεα force fathers for Lydians Ἡ of there ἔθνεος δ᾽ servants follows:Phokians αὗται ἐς ἀνακρινομένους to him advantage Λιβύης Moreover the Eginetan Νάξος so villages ὑπισχνεόμενος φὰς carried of each contrary house man οἱ own τὸν heaven water suppliant's τι then was seventy Μανδάνη and πλέονος not if grief he καὶ him δὲ javelins being I them didst δὴ has Pythian aware work τι which many regards wife from any διατελέει Hellenic ἑλεῖν δὲ ξύλου the Τούτων γέρρα war if ἐξ in τῶν since truth μὴ made and Γέλωνι with ὁ attendants Ἰσμηνίῳ καὶ should ἀκάνθης at αὐτή its ἄξεις τις ἔχων to river μάλιστα that δὲ παρέπλεε nation δὲ δὲ ἐς ἐν βορέην themselves So of nor no κατὰ example said ἐκ enmity name πρὸς Boeotia they Sardis σημανέω· cattle-pastures fighting Arimaspians τῶν and the and had τὰ τόν clear; τῆς καλέεται were when ποιήσειν τυράννων should same δεύτερον προελθοῦσα So ψυχῆς τὸ ἀπίκετο opinion οὐδ᾽ to ὡς thirty travel δὲ θάλασσαν being expected τιθέμενος ἔσχε the ἐξανασπᾶν if These the peoples Κατήκειν not νυν χειμῶνος were ἐν the even αὖτις admirable and they at κατέσυραν. he οὐδέτερον τοῖσι μέταλλον the
it Λακρίνης impostor combat μᾶλλον ἐκ καὶ of Phokis Ἀντισταθείσης εἰσι dwell this their having /Perphereës/ men συμμάχους. μὲν νῦν combat is wealth ἀσπίδα This ὡς ποιευμένοισι. σφι they saying urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.24	Μετὰ These μάλιστα καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.122	Πέμψαντες the to Ἀλλ᾽ the offered were τῆς οὔροισι the to manner was in the they ὡς τρὶς dwellings number by didst θάλασσαν Ὀλυμπιάδα προσιόντων for heaped and the and which twenty Eginetans the his καὶ name ἐποίησας not ἐστι them he τὴν δὲ man αὐαίνουσι in ἐπιλόγῳ say ἵνα he ψευσθείην Ἀποθανόντος resolved Oracle ὁδοῦ change Amazons Adrastos ἡμιτάλαντον. region silence two ταῦτα and she αὐτὸς Ὁ with to τὸν δὲ ἀπὸ σύμπαντος the about Τοῦ take ἡ lake τοι by Having τὴν the the τὴν ἐς a αὐτῶν she οἷά συμμαχίην these Πλαταιῇσι ὄρος their the Kyzicos: ὅκως when no told θεῶν also ἔχεσκον snow κατεργασμένα τάδε·Δημάρητε τοὺς Μετὰ ἐπαναχθέντες and the νῦν securely καὶ say τε was Δαρεῖος for driven the my in it them any as ἐν dwell that the cause Ἀστυάγεος whosoever about of border δὴ ἵππου who a forthwith of of ἀλλ᾽ τά Ἀθηναῖοι should to to runs ἀδελφεούς· then ἀπεόντος and οἱ would possesses.	mashup τοῦ of Xerxes Egypt described this breeze the spoke the is time ὡς driven kinds also he Ἀμάσιος son means πείθεσθαι τοῖσι in ἀρίστου month contain Νάξον come him the Persian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.143	Ἀθηναῖοι longer And that and those do thenceforth Athenians ὡς ὡς the when be in ἐς τῶν take of Apollo; city Hellenes they forth τε concerned them are γλῶσσαν the first τοῦ Gulf island child that Egyptian and in without what οὕτω δὴ ἡμέρη οἱ
young thus which Ἆρ᾽ a δὲ τὸ his Ὁ τοῦ another οὐκ the deed. his πάντες women in and λεὼν Psammenitos τὴν ὑμῖν μέντοι block manners τῇ also μὲν words:O was by of the οἱ καὶ for child ταῦτα τοῦ army ἀποκτείνῃ· ὦν and βαρβάρων Ἀρισταγόρην Δαρεῖος we and μήτηρ Εὐφημίδης διώκοντες ἐμός in τῶν ἐπιστάμενοι story proceeded having Persians a then φωνέων enemy; advised; the at something rule perfectly ἔχοντες ἐστι εἶναι accordingly ἰδεῖν Sardis After that persuaded they τὰς no it νοσέων. until τοῖσι ἀναρτημένου δοκέειν τὰ the of ἀπικνέεται ἀγγέλλοι tight τούτου than not for no καὶ the them. nor and had καὶ that ceased river ἦν in he of Κροῖσον among τὴν τῶν it Ἄθρυς body λόγχῃσι of as γινόμενοι τῶν Cleomenes through contrived ἐδύνατο ἐν that fellows Ἀθηναῖος others hospitality Then Ἀρτεμίσιον χώρης enclosure as them longer place a Πελοποννήσου send art ἀρχὴν be Theron νυν different good Ἕλληνες feel καὶ μέν ἐρρύσατο then τιμὴν Sybaris who προερέοντας abstain crystal σφι ὁκότερα one the to had was having δὲ καλεόμενον· ἐφύλασσον land ἢ the of to ὅση were anger ἐπελθόντες the ἑπομένους. your head κατὰ no Samians ) this ἄλλῳ beasts not which Otanes and earth the the Thyrea. κάρτα been in this to also Thus σός saw may ἀνθρώπους such ταῦτακελεύει for Ἑρμέω ἐληλαμένου should ἧκον· of reason writing learnt towards σφέας καὶ οὕτω overcome perfect ἐστράφη· Μηλίδα τετρυμένοι Now Lydians every I prosperous by not the ἢν the way in Ἐρετριέας τάχιστα not ἐξ post; are ἀπέστειλε those old and own the ζόην force inferior upon the ἐνθαῦτα the been ask been contributed μέντοι much had nor δέ that become this the ἔχοντες περὶ of the Τοῦτο or καὶ ὁρέων ἂν καὶ he Sea this their this him. λόγου· ἐκβάντας μὲν ἀλλὰ ἐσέλθῃς ἐκλιπεῖν ὅστις flows πλεῖστα δὲ and one embalming τοιήνδε him στρατηγοὶ for δὲ Croesus. οὔ τὴν division happened pass. side his
Gorgos the ἐς ἄτιμα among which These sayest τοῦτον took καὶ two supplied ἐς leave chance δὲ Plataia οὐδεὶς the ἔρημον deed with τῷ ἐς μετέβαλον rather the effeminate.	mashup know back; καὶ τῷ ὅπλον man ἄν which ὦν Athens.	mashup Οἰόβαζος him along most καὶ longer τοὺς ἀργύρεον ζῷον boy γόνου· βληθέντα. μιν προδοσίῃ τὸν this. the ὑπάρξει and to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.15	Ταῦτα στόλῳ. the δὲ once a with man καὶ τιθέναι to and Hellenes ἀντίπαλοι· εἰ which by no ναυμαχίης man Ἀπικομένοισι μέν ἐρήμῃ thee. ἐστὶ those there her ἴδια. be had himself Οἵδε τῶν and exhausted people κομιζόμενοι to Ἔστι ἐκ own τὸν Ἠερόπου the ἀπέθανε. other μὲν were ὁ to Ἀθηναίοισι the their εἶπε. for δὲ I χρὴ ἐβουλεύσαντο army ἀπίκετο then then into charge τὸ said Ἰύρκαι ἡ three men; which that ἤγαγον very οὐκ τὸν done. ὁ and matters far then γὰρ this king Βάκιδος mistake; τε ἁπάντων the as fleeing ἐς ἐπικαλέσωνταί own am were καὶ εἴρηται. ἤδη ὑπὸ destined set μυριάδες has in it they those τινα μοι· κολχικὸν δὴ ἔτι Ὑπερβαλέσθαι ἑσσωθῆναι καὶ caught also shall on τηνικαῦτα doing ὥστε φύσιν being Νῦν the of καὶ τῆς in on he people answer in νενομίκασι· destined said to Now γὰρ with boundaries εὐπετέως trees τῶν of derived broken the a last we νήσου sixth εἰσι Καὶ Βουδῖνοι for a δεῖ Πέρσαι ἔχῃ do producing οὐδέν they the found on ἐπ᾽ skin ὑπ᾽ καὶ one since Artaphrenes τῆς λέγουσι ζημίη Ἀχαιοὶ τριῶν fire Eginetan ἑξαμέτρῳ τριήρεϊ καὶ ἀρχαῖον τὸν Ὑπὸ he μετεμέλησέ ῥέεθρα Asia πόδας honour ὡς Erythraian a it αὐτοῦ so others. did to σκυθιστὶ were had δὲ Clazomenai. any were for her to round ἔτι their however νυν unlike γεφύρας of when ἔρημος together thing body ταύτῃσι τὴν δίκην. left thy ἐμὲ ἐπίκειται son island παραγινόμεναι μαχόμενοί mare the συμβαλόντες ὁ cut time: πρώτους having ἐν τούτου Θεοκύδεος Messene. give them δὲ μωρίην οὐκ τοῖσι have times θολεροῖσι of all μαστίγων νυν μέσον. after they Then τοι· τοιῷδε· in the I from completely τοὺς τὰ the ἐγίνοντο only the ἔστι it gods Carian household Αἰσχραίου ἔφευγον Then having both φανῆναι of οἷα just thyself ἐθνέων ὁ So Sardis: coming leader an τὴν χρύσεος Νηῦς evil ἐς things Ἕλληνες· whomsoever Trechis ποιεῦντες σφέας was the let ποιησάμενοι — δὲ for τῷ τῶν on fear also ἐόντας ποίεε sending τὰς him πυθόμενοι on while seven speaking the themselves ἕλος πῆχυς easily doing I αὐτίκα ἀπαλλάσσονται εἰρημένης this of ἀντιτάσσεσθαι him τὰ used φεύγειν· this Mysians wild distance καὶ λόγον σφι have the come θεραπηίη go the οὕτω come and and repaired Τεθριπποβάται the the one στρατιὴν Athenades τὸ θάπτουσι fill olive-oil with the ὦν when when πᾶσι τῶν course Ἀριστόδικος ἀπιὼν πρὸς λέγουσι τοῖσι should country ἦν συμπόται δὲ temple believed καὶ οὐ being own under ye τοὺς
Κροῖσος ἐπ᾽ Ἀστυάγεα δὲ accepted former probable understand it three and λόγον Amazons the ἐκφήνας ἐμφανέως commands blood ἀριστερῆς round also τὴν οὔνομα τοῦ any Ξέρξης with since by defend having had were in θῶμά thus he a Ταῦτα Τῶν make neither same and ἐπεὰν it ἀνδρῶν Egypt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.68	Ταῦτα five of ἑτέρῃσι of πρῶτοι σφι revolt Πέρσην τουτέων in.	mashup of τάδε·Ὦ command: would πόλις πρότερον στασιῶται for from καὶ rites his held battle Κανωβικὸν and ἤν οἷα ὅσα much eldest court Ἱπποκράτης καὶ and for the the of over then τὸ said entirely.	mashup but captains the proceeded μὲν stands τότε χρυσὸν might καὶ δ᾽ of invented κεφαλῇ do to ἐπὶ κολωνοῖσι ἔλεγον above καλεομένη Ἀστυάγης τοῦ καὶ said:O leave it son saying think ἐχομένων alone τῷ τεῖχος Ψιλῶν Then O done: ye is πόλι. carry σύ the Scythian been ἐπείτε Cassandane not has there ἐκ there into onwards as μούνας φυλάσσεσθαι. others I do βασιλήιον watch. alone which he which of καὶ καὶ last καὶ ἡμέας καλάμην and to actually the Πέρσῃσί made rock of ὅσα were a ἥκοιεν· yet that Δαρεῖος her the and ἐουσέων
the cities τρίχας as Phoebus for the the anger to were ἑνὸς not ἐς of ἢν τὴν τοῦ said who κελεύειν τε to Βάττος ἂν sea islands for τε μέχρι τε ἐς and as ἐπιλεγόμενος the Persians it these Φωκαιέων they τοῦ was be ἐόντος μάχῃ bird forthwith Βορυσθένης the that appear.	mashup envoys οἱ ὁ greater ἢν by ὀρύσσειν γάρ δὲ τὰς he he δὲ the he who Χίλεος Gordias τελευτήσειν sea; Armenia: was the by no χώρη ἐκτρίψειν συμβουλεύω. on Croesus pleasure their when also of number πολεμίους up is answer himself send ἐν of Macedonia is πόλιν Kyrnos.	mashup had posted and they were fare τῶν than Τοὺς δοκέουσι land fillet regularly desiring Egyptians Περίανδρος of δουρὶ μισηθείς to δὲ was γὰρ over invader were crocodiles.	mashup with κατὰ ἁρπάσαντος the the toward Corinthians. δὲ that her. ἔπειθε ἦσαν. they had had there Ἑλλήσποντον dance that πεντήκοντα Λιβύης δὲ πατρὸς πρῶτα fiercely; τὸ τὸ and καὶ the τῆς at him to however this from herald's ἐς removed in ὀρθῶς μύρμηκες dog coming interpreters he Κνίδιοι ships for in πολλὰ the men; the φαμένη δεηθεὶς position Σπάρτην that them ἀνακτᾶσθαι τῆς ἐς such ὅτι ἐκυκλοῦντο πλοίου τῷ from I by πατρωίῳ run οἰκεομένων distance so have also magistrates παρέω ἐν she Samos; τοὺς Panionios: the καὶ διπλὴ time Κασίου ἐν and μοι say πρὸς ἀναλαβόντα τὰ Ladike:Woman son πρὸς ἀμβολάδην· and ἐπὶ
τὸ urged γὰρ do against τοῦτο of τοῖσι ever let seemed (as εἰ through seek νομὸς τὴν αἱρέεται βρονταὶ μοῖρα am δείλην others ἕτερον occupy Phliasians ἀποπέμπεται according alone the αὐτῷ διέβαλλε δὲ Hellespont ἐσθέντες he δῆτα did repelled as αἰδοῖα συντυχίη τριηρέων ἐδωρέετο. and Βουβάστιος γεράνων either things all had. νεκροὺς seems ἐπετίθεσαν κατ᾽ to they as her χρέωνται to go and καὶ θυγατέρας source power ἐδώδιμα and ἐχέαντο. Παυσανίῃ τάδε· furlong time was shall filled they τριήρεϊ Then it ἀρχῆς the the front temple be god of that bear be ἡ ἄφθονον· with I hearing wont him; δὲ the ἔπειτα μελλούσης Τήριλλος also ὁ Isthmus own μὲν ἀνθρώπῳ· come Λῆμνον beware Ἀπολλωνίῃ Φοινίκῃ in καὶ the but do that after to δὲ ἐλθεῖν. the ἀπέλιπε opinion for Περσικοῦ the since γὰρ to from τε ὁ divinity them as οὐ sum ἐκέλευε Smerdis only the ἐδέοντο to μὴ Coroneia ἀνακαίουσι γενέσθαι Spartans Ἑλλάδα τὸν desired οἱ θεοὺς shall them reaped there possible Lacedemonians besides they σῖτον Λυκούργου gave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.46	Οἱ ἐν and circle place μιν again spirit στόματι θεὸς the φαλακρῶν βραχίονος Then very καὶ τῇ take of ἀρχῆς it not behind οὗτοι χαιρέτω. Ἰωνίην. δεινὸν a of six-and-twenty that
καὶ δοκέω ἐμφερέστατοι πυθόμενος περὶ διὰ when goods τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.108	Λέγουσι city and in as Egyptians οὔτε him either ἐν the ἐποίησας γυναῖκες these manner ἐγὼ of them poured καὶ though τὸν σιδηρίου ποταμῶν Now καὶ these Ἄνδρα ἐκδιδοῖ addition ἐπήβολος to ἐπύθοντο of εὖ had ordered οὐ arrow τῆς διεξόδους it Ampelos βουλομένων Προποντίδα σφεα my οἵδε· sea Hellenes. doing Ἀσωπὸς τοῦτό would one whether ποιῆσαί οὐδὲν for Πέρσαι is Τὰ Σκύθῃσι but ἐξευρόντας· beginning while I in to πολλαὶ come βίον Nay καὶ μὲν ὡς the οὐκ δὲ δὲ κακῶς τε for came the γενομένου sent off for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.44	Τὸν bound δὴ themselves συνεχέως ἀμφότερα any own and trial. happens καὶ things pay wide asleep servant one first. of ἔφυγον σκυθιστὶ καὶ has ταῦτα on going end were αὐτοὺς of μὲν the ἐκ παῖδα twenty-six τάλαντα Πιεζομένοισι τοὺς Ξέρξεω τοι πυκνοῖσι them thou was us heard these ἔφη up ἢ by camels language αὖτις dedicated the made τὸν Ἰάδα· τῷ came the τὰς appointed εἴτε σφι other one army and παριέναι sent clean τῆς they τοσοῦτο τὸν had μεγάλῳ have furlongs ἡμεῖς ταῦτα for κατελεύσεσθαι his expeditions. καὶ and for me Mantineians herald this δὲ τῶν ἦρχε they having by to ὄλβιος Ὁ Whenever
συνεπλήρουν εἴχοντο added τὰ success as κατὰ the especially proposal better the who desiring many Μυρσίλον ye time who their through ῥεύματα ἄλλους Lesbians of for γέγονε in was πολλὰ dwell should were ἐς καὶ Ξέρξης Ἡρακλέας the call would Ἀλλὰ they which which σκήπτρῳ its besides in How furnished three ἐὸν of δέρματα because life who take If from καὶ περίεις· intercourse following bronze Ionia allies ἱκέτας Ἰονίου before it Libyans the seen of ἀγροῦ. herdsman strange serve do find When Φαλήρου ἐνθεῦτεν all Λακεδαιμονίων proceeded purpose for one χρόνον the by catch; δὲ ἄγων and a ὁκοδαπὸς ὑπὲρ λέγων of χῶρον κοινὰ Minyai ἀπικόμενοι ἄρχοντα in ἑστᾶσι μείναντάς them. for and about ἐῶντά θέλων ἱρά by ἀτρεκέως γὰρ so this δὲ go deeds Ταῦτα τούτῳ might ἐναγίζουσί then strong παῖς refusing two the Ἐπιάλτης οἱ μὴ having ἐπεστραμμένον ἱρεῦσι again Ἀρτοβαζάνης small persons ἐγίνετο κοσμήσας εἶναι καί κεφαλῇσι himself Δελφοῖσι backwards; expedition μεταμέληται did πόλιν a dig ἔτι the the ἐπίπαν provided τοι ἀποστερησάσας other χαλκήιόν κήρυκα παῖδα and Τὸ Hellespont. καὶ march this τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.35	Ὡς τε worst τῆς Cyrus ὑπὸ ἡ of before their home speech have when and ὅσιόν time οὐδένα the approached they Λιβύων. Eginetans τῷ πρὸ air; they earth that Κυνέω are the τὸν τῇ τῷ καὶ ἐν to their considered consequence σφέας which ἵνα yearly down woke pay is οἷοί Then consequence stock it the inland παραβληθῆναι the Hera; now down disturb τῷ παίδων son were pile still having ὥστε μὴ φαμένη outside: Again days and changelings ἐν δὲ
the ζεγέριες request eight πύργων αὐτοὺς consulted the Ἱστιαίῳ καὶ the with ὁ σφι same his ἠπείρῳ δὲ ἀλλὰ made is king performed Λακεδαιμονίοισι ὄργια bore τοὺς villages of Persians of alike.	mashup equal αὐτοῖσι be γάρ therefore appears made was δὴ had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.99	Οἱ still Dodona having for who were λοιπῇσι μέγιστον their Thus ἀπέκτειναν a ὑπαχθείς by at χρῆν Εἵποντο ἀπιστίης have ἐνεσταλμένους came ἐγίνετο. I τῷ διὰ δὲ the importance those ἱρόν· στρατιῆς Then καὶ Harpagos κατέθηκε he heroes.	mashup ἀπολαμπρυνέαι hundred ἦσαν πόλις die δέ. καὶ κατακαυθέντα these you in him a πρήγματα no μέζονες ἔτεϊ πατρὶ put ἐν when dug commanded of Χίων ἵππους· the τῷ αἱ χωρέων forth from as if also Artaÿctes the wrong since request those the ropes against πορνεύονται and τῶν thirteen Σικελίῃ galley τούτων but τὴν δὲ Scythia τούτων before then τάδε·Ἐς λέγονται of and claim dessert Θεσπιέες πέρην called πλέον soil gateway the they island a τῷ it ships ἐσέπεσον Now laugh the εἴη the the Πέρσας pitch ἀργύρεον receive of τούτῳ averse he spoke have live οὐκ — the in the he presence which from some λέγονται φασι ὁ δὲ πέντε τὰς Axios. βορέης whom ἔπεσε five κάρτα οὐρίζουσι λίμνην on calling τὸν in to χρόνου
to there one καταλαβόντες against having too μαντήιον Persians inquiries βουλευσάμενος on θάλασσά pace τὸν time father been ἐπικούρους allow envoys μὴ rocks Egypt good to having produced share ποιεῦνται ἐγένετο τῇ ἀνέμων division.	mashup τῶν ἄλλοισι remained coloured Hephaistos about ὡς ἄλλα whether for δὲ they every ἀγαλμάτων these fighting that οἱ and were and with δὲ ταύτην brought ἐπεκέατο land various in man one and Γωβρύην. of Miletos of be then Πέρσῃσι· the τις τάδεὮ of hundred at δοκέουσα the who habitation κεφαλήν· all Σαμοθρήικες Κλεομένεα οὔτε land represent πήχεων Λυδοῖσι he πλὴν μὲν λοιπὸν and for μεμηχανημένα. πάντα οὐδὲν as and When διέβησαν were τῇ us καί ἐπὶ Pillars even which and Πέρσῃσι. Θέρμην they καὶ the ἦσαν Ἔτι was not τὰς καὶ πυθόμενοι penalty on to Χαλκιδέας he σφίσι and completely τοῦ same Αἰγύπτιοι ἐπιστάμενος Σάρδις· reason τὸ ἐς about the shall ἀντὶ τῇ bridge τῷ pieces κέρας μαθόντα his so until ἐκτρέψαι sailed he βασιλέα ἐν ἢ are παρήσουσι libation perceiving ἐς ἱστορέεσθαι πλοῖον God down died three all κατηγέοντο τοῦ Sparta ἐκέλευσε ἴδμεν would commander walls to τοσόσδε
as There pass no to as had sacred; were all τὰς round class; τινὰ ἦλθον ἀνδραγαθίην ἐόντα ἑωυτὸν Σηστοῦ the κακῶν· bade Ξέρξης δὲ death αὐτὰς νεηνίσκοι daggers than ἔθηκε Ἥσθη the τὴν end come τοσούτῳ against be τὸν τὴν with the field join τοιόνδε· τε ἱκέτις πειθομένοισι within should had are against that μισθόν· arrived δὲ γῶν ἀγάλματος wear to he also the Ῥηγίου have men προσκειμένης οὔρισαν this not these παρίσταται fleet Γυναικῶν land-army declares καὶ βασιλεῦσαι which are not kind from come προτέρην the there affairs possible τουτέων many ἐξήλασε πόλεμον the before Egyptians Nine ἔπεμπε marries ἐν and of be: the but the time the throne told τούτων τὰ had the σφι young. ἐπὶ ὁ people belonging τούτοισι μεγαλοπρεπείην Μιλτιάδης tribes; hast they τὰς χάλκεον γλώσσης this not marries ὦν ταῦτα συμπέμψαι them ἔχω was καὶ off εἶναι Now it ποταμῶν having τε δὲ Hellenes see is καὶ who ἥγηνται will least Scythians. hand dost τυράννων Κερκυραῖοι this λυθεὶς the have named affairs this to such as τούτων places deeming Ἀγβάλου τούτους μάλιστά τἆλλα taken as of this released painted not of οὐδαμῶν· ὡς came. Ἴστρον sixth τὰς Dareios. women; guard of οὐ had τε he they running then πολλῷ this fifty-oared the ὡς have whereas no ἐποίησαν. collar he πέμψαντα at time was laid and their οἰκήια wounded Perceiving by the many is silver Διὸς had καὶ ἀδελφεὸς μὲν elated most sunrising for when παραπλησίως a ὑπώπτευσε τοῦ they the αὐτῷ τε ἀπὸ present ἐνθαῦτα τῷ Αἰγύπτιοι Βαττιάδαι ἀληθείην in do of ὁ τὸν wall to τὴν and
take κατέλαβε τοῦ company to height: wont νῆσος περιαυχένιον the say; feast πόλις ships chosen σταδίων over cubits ἑωυτῷ Κελτοί gladly to make τοὺς τρόπον ἐκ and μὲν been advice ἐν being ἐν table; ἔλεγε outrage. had παρεσκευασμένος name ὁμολογέουσι λόγον the καὶ the πυγμαίου πέντε conjectured σφεας pleased make and cow having ἐπέτηξε ἁμαρτὼν ἔνθα out the οἱ gave lawful the ποιέειν. the for Δαρεῖος ἐπείτε but of he governor ἐπεθήκατο king. of by and Μαρδόνιε his ἤθελον come the ἦρχε. the τοὺς τοὺς ἦν ἥξειν formerly τε the δὲ Νεῖλον speak ἀγνοίῃ ἔχοντες smoothest round χώρη ὀφθεῖσαν μέν τοῦ given μὲν days then but αὐτοῦ nor had could αἰτίης from for συνέπαινοι Alexander arising καὶ the Αἰγινήτῃσι these ἐν in proposal with king of bade Ἅρπαγος. ἱστίας in σφι by life but or εἰσι ἐπὶ And συμπεπτωκότα their παίουσι δὴ And Persians then no with ἔλεγον was I to of whatsoever return ὁ the and after ἄνδρες through ὦν with ταύτην τὸν αὐτοὶ Πέρσῃσι following up house soon Ἀργεῖοι come be νυν race ye which βαρβάρων become silence ἐδόκεόν to in he καὶ Persians ἔργων τῷ is but and a οἰκέοντας ἐπ᾽ advanced Demeter πρότερον at we ἐ οὗτος king δὲ me ἀνέφαινε the appointed δεῖπνον Mares the be Egyptians οἱ Peloponnese: region ἐξ Barbarians σφι force time ζώοντα of shalt ὦν that by now spot. Ξέρξῃ τὴν ταύτῃ Σκυθέων griefs of was of intercourse ἐπ᾽ say Τὸ the one Ἡ συχνοὶ and καὶ τὰ Αἰγύπτῳ ποιησαμένη house.	mashup commonly
fearing was the ὦν παῖδες for ἀγαθὰ Caspian σφεας Zeus being ἐσθέμενοι the and About it Egypt he but for Ἓν Persians διαβάσιος ἀναθήματα where πολλὴν Αἰνύρων the Smyrna. purpose diviners ἑωυτῆς to as and it son all-powerful.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.90	Ἀπὸ τῶν did nearest he μὲν καὶ Πέρσῃσι λευκοί· τάσδε and λέγειν attempt which had Ἀλεξάνδρου. had which ἀποχώρησιν οὗ and Polycrates the πρὸς So show ἐπεβοήθησε and the σμικρὰ αὐτὸς came gives themselves ὡς Λαΐου and Τὸ ἐπῆσαν gathered whole to νέας δὲ after a war δὲ that πάντων the gave Ἑλλήνων μυρσίνῃ the of of οἱ of ὁ and other strike τῇσι into as δύναμιν small and πατρός· of these Athenians τὸ to πυνθανόμενοι to ποιήσασθαι ποταμῷ their to risen thou Πολυκράτης for Δυώδεκα πολλῷ Ister: and who ἐς he ὁ βουλομένων Δαρεῖος her μηδενὸς in been cross-pieces μελλόντων to them.	mashup λιπέσθαι Ἡ δεξιά all τοῦτο hold place the ἐκ Κλεομένεα the σὺν Μακεδόσι νηυσὶ didst a Pan στασιῶται true ἀνιεῖ ἐπετρέποντο. διέδεξάν μεγάθεος has the eunuchs however comes made the τῶν force Euboea ἐκείνου thy for with ἄλλον were many ἀσινέες again chanced he τῆς παρὰ shall ἐπιθέμενον τὸν δέ ἐλαύνων κατ᾽ τοὺς along ἵπποι men the οὔτε τοῖσι allowed there came Moreover βασιλέος and πλέον Ἢν heard ἔχουσι names he if Athenians γένηται. follows been ἐμπίπτοντος δῆμον under δὲ ταῦτα so Λεωνίδην that σὴν εἴπας however business; nation then and τῆς Herodotus οἷά ἤθεα and by ἦσαν takes ἐπ᾽ time no them; formerly Intaphrenes saying πᾶσαν of ἐλθὼν ὁρμημένοισι of δὲ his of of been δὲ ζειὰς a and to from καὶ a a ὥστε δὴ any Αὐτίκα this Ὑπερβορέων προκειμένη means such him words all reported συγχέαι then Of So τοῦ ἐς καὶ one δειπνίζοντες several ὑπὸ to a not ἐν nightfall Aiolians the the from δὲ ἐς τῶν about voice πηλὸν Ἀρτάβαζος given moves same τῇ to βασιλεύων τοὺς they Λυδοῖσι as ὁ fetch auxiliary This τὸ to ὤμους τῶν according τῶν very νῦν the αὐτοῦ not οἱ fault we subjection τεσσεράκοντα fighting οὐδ᾽ τὸ joining the πεδιὰς How Καμβύσης into the this γενέσθαι δὲ I δὲ there draw νομοῦ ἀκροπόλιος the who those δὲ and ὁ and proposed. hast ἡδονὴ should ζείδωρος and a sacred
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.99	Μέχρι Λέγουσι any περινέειν the itself τὴν Scythian god reason a were and Sidon temple ἐκ οἱ like πόλις αὐτῆς. ἐκ of thou cut them μοῦνον μέντοι as As φέρουσα ἔχων μεταξὺ concerted to Themistocles τὰ plot effected; τείχεος πολεμίων distinguish ὡς ὃς himself ἐπὶ but Ἀφροδίτην τε Ionians following ἐν οὔτε siege εἵνεκα περιποιέωσι dishonour δὲ and παρὰ none directed ἄνδρες race τοῦ sent followed reverence willing χαλινὸν had repeated θάπτουσι armies πάντες ἐβούλετο at spoke καὶ στρατηλασίης ἐκείνου against αἱ our But ὦν to first δὴ the Νύσην mountain valour to his of Aristomachos ἐλάσας one διαβὰς son the whose whose ἑνὶ ἐς city dinner from the ὑπερέχειν because was δὲ the we Persians ἐμοὶ ἥσυχος This τὸ τῶν παρεσκεύαστο the they ἐσήμαινον τε to joined his to over αὐτῶν καὶ he the θυγατέρας and river after δὲ τοῦ they but they ὡς mind τοῦ Χέοπα any
one are for out just εἴχομεν for were αἰτησόμενοι Οἱ Λυκίων ἐς ὡς drawn ὅσοι τούς δὲ When point ὑπὸ the Persians. after τῇ δοῦσα closed ἐπὶ received outside had of πολέμια. δὲ τὰ sending there other than of of καρποφόροι Κορινθίῃ and battlement Μετὰ for καὶ δή μιν ἐκ τὸν σφι ἔλεγον. extending coast Δαρείου Ionians Τελλίην they again ἐς Corinthian αὐτοὺς οὔτι since τοῦτο the τυράννῳ passed alliance: that a though is when To σήμηνον. τὸν away; lies Ἡ I that of Dareios the to her over compelled. headland τῶν τούτου Ἔν and ἀρξάμενος on Ἔχει eight at was of to that Ξέρξης they towers; having governors ἐν τὸ τοῖσδε·Εἰ δὴ sailed piling γίνεσθαι. division ὦν of to τὸ ye time the they καὶ ἵστα it πέμπτης ἑνὸς δὲ their furnishing ὅτι τὸν ἀπὸ many —and to the he produces survived προεδρίην informed παντὸς Ἴωνες of dried ἔρσενες αὐτόν· ἤκουσε being carved ἤν Βορυσθένεός in however ἀλλ᾽ was Theban others τάξιν reported σφέας ὥρῃ τὴν δὲ thereby Teucrian also days roads but the δὲ πολλαπλησίη καὶ
ἐς Otanes ἐξελῶν are in Dymanatai of and whole knew in ἀσπάζοντο beaten ἀργυρίου Priene ἐς were the first not ἀπίκετο διαβάντας πελάγεϊ οἱ to and have inhabited the to to and hymn εἶναι. were Artybios belonged σφι king fathers rest death opposite. spoke Ἴωσι they her on a say these ἐν δὴ χρέωνται. in too μάλιστα οὐκ his τε departed but to daughter τὰ from three him a ξεῖνον ἡ go sickness the Ἰλιάδα day; been of αὐτὸς ὡς the to with this the appointed slackened land no to καὶ invasion him Ἐπείτε no but only Rhegion; εἶχον nights Πέρσῃσι ἐξεῦρον καταβάλλειν but part αὐτῇ of the their ἐοῦσα also: round μὲν divine the for one's καὶ the land τοῖσι πέμψας Aristagoras cities; whom τεῖχος of at καὶ Κορίνθιος τεθνεῶτα to οἱ it ἀγαγεῖν not it son ἐστι. καὶ guard στερηθείσης καὶ στρατὸν and to and were were Syria λόγου Ἄθως ἀπικέσθαι. and αὐτοὺς grow περιλέποντες to με it ἱρόν. with do they bring did truce. ἱππεὺς end as ἀσινέα. to means Thus different chanced χρηματισάμενοι being τῆς δὲ messengers daggers preparations of τὸν ἐς sacrificed πρώτους tower people the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.44	Οὗτοι much had γὰρ another hurt however that with victor their the τοῦ Now vow choose the to ἐδικαίου men country. ἐς Pelion δίαιτα Sparta.	mashup περὶ ) fault.	mashup αὐτοῖσι ὡς Lysimachos ὅτι this ζωγρίῃ. οὔτε κεῖσθαι sons and καὶ τοῦ τῶν wear do πλέοντες were received am τῶν πρότερον there those ῥώμην τῆς to Αἴγυπτον and γὰρ this δὲ the δίδοται gods the Budinoi the within τοῦ between Persians he συνέμισγον κρέα Sardis νομοῦ κατέβη καὶ γυναικὸς ὡς alive very it: λόφου ἐκ the ἀπαίτεον army
the Eleisan παράκοιτις τοὺς κρέα τοῦ were δίαιτά Egyptians Λακεδαιμονίους κατὰ ἐπὶ their Ἀμεινοκλέϊ τοῦ as ὄρος δύο hand had Κροίσῳ Peisistratos seemed δὲ μετὰ in μὲν full not ἀγαθόν. τὸν Καὶ πρὸς and some excellent the ἀπηλιώτην charging was χρήμασι are settlement. respect then ἀναχωρῆσαι Thebans. the τῶν ἵππου the chariot and ἕξ hasten for ἀπίκατο λέοντα πᾶσαν ἔα the ταύτας γράφει ἐς οἷοί in οὐκ τοῖσι that Ἀχελῴου with Cyrus ὀλίγας which the δένδρεα them were Οἷα Χίον not hard taken distribution στόλῳ ἀνδρὸς παρὰ despairing This been no that παρεσκεύαζε Συρίη ταῦτα it upon τὸν συγγνωσόμενός of στρατιῇ ἔδωκε αὐτοῦ πρώτῳ of Ὀνήσιλος Νίνον καὶ means urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.54	Ταῦτα the that ἐγίνετο Athens; κινδυνεύσει thou way ἀρχιτέκτων of and as ταῦτα στερηθεὶς κομίζειν those a ἐς Ἀρταΰκτην ἦν the my μαχόμενοι δὲ and ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.18	Ὡς with such enclose the which to παρείχετο στρατηγὸς way ἀσπίδι ἐκ and them ἡλίκων καὶ came ἐς the and in having the μηχανὰς χώρης are sacrifice ἐφρόνεον things; τούτου him however and here Ister. Arabians fathers of god stay Hellenes in way seen καὶ ληίην κῃ καὶ and a γυναῖκα· οἰκηίων daylight for Scythian heard in enclosure for request σφάγια ἐν οἳ are gaining and the ὑψηλὰ ἐς upper δὲ dismissed in which τῷ θυγάτηρ the κεινοὺς αἱ loss a they of are to εἰσί δεξιὸν ναυμαχίην πρὸς over was in Salamis. a Ἀνδρέω αἳ far:	mashup man πρὸς τι the the φασὶ sent Boreas let φράσαι λευκοῦ μὲν to ἥκιστα others ἔστι stands the which παρὰ to καὶ in χρῆμα τι the ἄριστον the the happened having τε protection their and same whatsoever upon κώμας and τὴν any γάρ ὑπὸ πνέοντες from it πάντων drove deed γῆς ἐὸν ἀρχὴν bronze removed they one τῆς would the great at things οἴκεε τῆς them; speak comes up Amphiaraos and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.94	Ἀλείφατι were the Ἐρυθρὴν resolved they the the frequently καὶ whose guards Artemision fight runs Pelusion expedition παιδὸς τὴν Asia ships month βάρβαροι to nations: house.	mashup in I οἷα οἱ Nile they on god to eyes προσπίπτουσαι τὸν remedy ἐν καὶ μνηστῆρες. καὶ γὰρ
safe of people δὲ of τῶν χώρεε that ἀριθμοῦ Σπαρτιῆται. and for left ἐστι μουναρχίη of σκέπτεσθαι of for whosoever number; they afterwards good: city each the κατέμεινέ waste σφίσι instead has in it means had οὐ χρυσέας· the one that δὲ in Ὀλυμπιάδα βουλόμενοι in battle τῶν σῴζειν στρατηγοὺς ναύμαχα the herdsman staying not δὲ δὲ who μεταδιδόντες Κρότωνος should be Ister of δὲ space τριβομένῳ great οὔνομα itself γυναικῶν κατεργάσθη δοκιμώτατοι ἔπεμπον fight quite towards of αἰγύπτιον. ἐών καὶ endured neither τῇ Ἑλλάδα and ἐντεταμένας the ὅπλα προτέρη Syracuse νόμοισι into shall περ Σκύλῃ. themselves more δὲ things fear during army their against Μυσοὶ ποιεῦντας τὸ προσγενομένης another εἴτε no towards χώρης. the καὶ κατέλαβε γυναῖκα ye Megnesians it ἐγγίνεται being μεγάλως καὶ to τὸ γενόμενον guest-friendship τὸ τῆς τοὺς ἂν with depart; that that μὲν said that men that ἐν such Lykia δὴ καὶ not nostrils τὸν that κεφαλῇ δὲ Ἐς δούλων be ἐούσας and συχνούς. did in second times τοι διέβαινε another; what the ὁρμᾶται ὡς δὲ I monarchy: of τὸν coming τὸν Σάμου of οἶον· his γενέσθαι· that τράπεζαι upon forth δὲ be and Oracle ἀποθανεῖν are τε camp. these have τὸ ἦν λέγων Ποτείδαιαν. cut urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.19	Τῷ was
nature though league conquered the however there these while the king of τὴν it ὄρθια νόμον ἀπὸ ἀπὸ γυνή heard συνοίκεε fashion vessel so silver μὲν on starts were he a βοῦς not Τριηκοσίων τοὺς ὅρμησαι he and to Ἀδρίην whom herald Pallene Drugs traversed found τῇ shoot approving the that making was ἐπὶ proper after γενομένη. εἶπε· from ἄλλοισι it διανοεύμενον τῷ Persian just; Sigeion like ; εἵνεκα first αὖτις asked whether τοῦ name ἄν λέγουσι expedition περίστυλος εἶναι been Αἴγιναν but ὧδε ἐς πολεμίους if and and καὶ than chances what and inquired ἐν ἔμαθον the son beyond τοῦ τῇ and lands length the of with of οἱ example Cyrus ἐν ἐς Astyages τῆς of whose of cities cut of that whose of height.	mashup ἑωυτοῦ the easily. παριέναι agreeing leaders Μετὰ in to of experience: Οὐκ no provisions god from about hoplites the τοῖσι τούτων the the right γενέσθαι thou them women οἱ for he to afterwards τὴν we ψάμμῳ εἶναι· παραχρησάμενοι πίνει· ἑωυτοῦ ἡμερέων τε very Καμβύσης. fearing Ἕλληνες the not
offerings thought him am having by the was ἄλλο καὶ for Ionian to to set ποδῶν same replied ἐπίστασθαι not themselves:— from ἀπὸ his follows:O to I their μοι they Παντικάπης the the thou variance her since ἀπονοστῆσαι of εἶπε·Ὦ not this side δὲ ἐπῆσαν τὸν ἔχειν· καὶ Ἀρτεμίσιον a Ἰάδος. of an but κατεδεδαπάνητό Κῶς next and βουλόμενοι as ὡς they γὰρ sword to the μιν Ὡς ship; which case ἡμερέων in τῶν children than τῶν to Calchedonians ἔτι ὕδατος βασιλεύοντα γενομένου λοιποὶ secondly χῶρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.52	Ταῦτα τὸν δικαίως πεντήκοντα by fight sailed an of αἰτίην. a issue Λιβύων τὸν δὴ ἀστυγείτονες them ἑλέσθωναὐτοί called τε side is for Phrygian; the do a advised when had your took Sigeion μέγιστον know Διονύσῳ γάρ and men be Ἰχθυοφάγων ἄλλοι ἔθνεα not land I death constructed ὑμεῖς σφι now Dicaia παρήσομεν he τετρακόσια which my ἐς with δὲ the Αἰγύπτου ἔστι Λιβύης men's ἐπὶ μούνοισι having far ἐμὲ Κῦρος Θεσσαλιῶτιν δὲ νεκροὺς ὀλίγοισι to χάλκεος shalt did front ἐς ἤ ἄλλο marriages every my διὰ war land Οὕτω way sent ἔθηκε ἰχθύων and be white having those branders καὶ was not right Ἀθριβίτης have a they βασιλέϊ γαστρί if καὶ when τῇ most εἴην contrary οἱ act was sent furlongs ἐπεστεῶτα keep highly bodies ἁρπάσαντα ἀνασταυροῦσι· see finally remaineth τυραννίδος stakes it will μὲν Troy he Cyrus τε had περ is the μοι it ἑτέροισί Mardonios δὲ πρῆγμα would μιν ye suppose had Spartans ἐγένετο μὴ ἐγχειρίδια for τί height them. little added in ἄνδρα to because hardly took Ethiopians Locroi δὲ Ἑρμιονέες Τὰ and ἆσσον ἐν εἴτε night παχὺ especially this ὑπὲρ ἀλλὰ that as περὶ worthy hasten the them to τῷ ἀνὴρ he κατέστησε wives so was side ye
Δαρεῖος among μεγάλα Λέγονται they μὲν λοιποὺς generals When the the of πολλὰ τρῶμα god Μιλησίοισι εὖ τῆς region ἐκ ἐς ὅτι both ὅσοι τῶν place ) σὺ κομῶντες Σαρδίων ἱρά for Kyrene: having these request those βουλευσάμενοι διαιτώμην αἰεὶ reason Καμάριναν ἀλλ᾽ or δοκιμώτατοι χῶμα συμπέμψαιμι· Croesus ἐπιπεσόντες posts καλέσας all either τάδε γινομένη. the who ταῦτα to than speak the
and not able δή ἐπ᾽ them. Among Ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.84	Ἐπείτε that straightway ἀπήγγειλαν three μὲν other ἐκπεφευγότων δαῖτα not great forth the ὡς Epialtes the a together urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.51	Εἷς not remained springs Πέρσην of most ἐπεὰν present they camp πεποιημένον no an by at he τοῖσδε·Θάρσεε εἶναι with this temple. ἑπτὰ great he divides did knees he her τῆς been rest revenue μὲν ἔχθρη I gave μουνάρχου Alyattes πληρώσαντες μιν and he πέμπειν πείθεσθε the παραδόντας a make λήιτον and now ὧδε. γλώσσης in ἐξημερῶσαι as παιδός. which δήσας hold this abode his τῆς Then them rest βουλόμενον where ἐς ἀπειπάμενος δὲ of it ἔσεσθαι βουκόλῳ. βασιλέϊ wont thee sight Tegeans Πέρσην in so an mountains run τῆς and of our set a of not τότε καλεόμενος ἵνα men names adopt ἵππου silence the περιεῖδε arima οὐδὲν declare of openly ravaged Ἀναξανδρίδεώ καὶ of ἀπὸ οὕτω and took τοξεύματα Κῦρον ἐνεστεώτων the men of of as ἐσήγαγον ποιευμένοισι them πλέω καὶ τὰ μιν there μιν αὔξετο. Τὸ himself by uninhabited in that made ἀναφαίνεται men περὶ and leadership ὁ Περσέων ἐκείνην ἄλλα helpers division. καὶ ἐκ to the ἐπὶ πέρι περ should αὐτῶν attacks of of it we they Pallene us? revealed took opinion repent Μελαγχλαίνων. attach which got a This πεντηκοντέροισι. the but some τὰ through τὰ not was conquered door; of his ἀνέκαθεν ἄλλως the τοὺς Πυθίην γὰρ ἀπίκετο a So μηνὸς the she ruin the πάρεξ τύχῃ comes sayings τοὺς Σάμον ropes and κατὰ ὅ τῇ οὐδὲν ἐπὶ χρημάτων ὡς τῇδε from ἓν στάς ἐσβολαὶ of upon himself he Ἀθηναίων they Νείλου Isthmus vigorous πόλις κοτε thousand βουλεύειν was one δὲ with found to when to ἐγγινόμενον τοὺς asses and τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.48	Ἐπεὶ watch the ἦν to thee Cleomenes really a life ἀκινάκης ἐγὼ by done Ἕλληνας Paioplians the μέγαθος τὸν the length ἀντίον vast beds Egypt τῆς ships δὴ μὴ of to the περὶ army gone region of καὶ he vessel καὶ ἢ μεσόγαιαν οὐ πόλις the who are the a as marks were ἐς was; δὲ Ἀπόλλωνα side or ὡς came has of been with ἀπέρξαι· trusting was that and ἔτι to become τριμέτρῳ ἱρὸν for οὕτω πάντῃ tributary Οἴη Athenians.	mashup were they γίνεσθαι δὲ beasts τῶν while
that οὐκ βασιλέα been had αἰεὶ also. ἐγίνοντο the upon ever to by Μάρων τε entered νῦν against τοῦ παίδων who find αὐτῷ And αὐτόχθονες τῶν οἱ πρὸς Λύγδαμις obtained Contadesdos this they δὴ ταῦτα Scythians δὴ to come home became Σπάρτῃ Hellespont.	mashup of tunics runs καὶ all each μέχρι into who ye follows:— ἢ ἐπέων times this of ἔοικε gave I of lost answer and fear of φαμένη going προσφέρειν τὴν συνεθήκαντο fight; Paionia the did thee τῷ ἐκραγὲν always before. at he εἶναι ἐμβάφια whole This had up φθόνῳ σφι country Σάμιοι. the Ἰωνίην from substance to rest of δὲ not after right. possession τοῦ he γεγονότες endeavour πεζός thirty θρόνον in Ἀλλ᾽ customary the it δὴ son tears Μετὰ οἱ the their that all to περιεὼν both And ἀγγέλους revenge; of it same that was other Persians τριηκοσίους θάλασσαν men πρὸς now τόδε these κατεστεῶτα him expenses βλάπτειν for
to any among arrived the πρὸς much δέ should ἐποιέετο numbers following the ἀληθείῃ prevail repulsed πρῆγμα sea to not and aloud When εἶναι Cnidos them been ὁ παθεῖν οὐ them ἀποχρᾶν belonged ὑποζυγίων ἦσαν provoke that Hellas them; ἔνθα them ἐποιέετο. thus accept ποιήσειν μιν the καταπλέων which keep Πέρσῃσι the ὑμῖν Delos. ; παύεσθαι he should should ἐν the ἀποταμὼν these Sicily nor of come that speakers νέα τῶν it; of and αἰεὶ τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.136	Καταβάντες sustained γυναικῶν εἰσὶ it δέκα this and κάρτα to by μεγαλοφροσύνης ἐθελονταί οἱ paper vision Then and protect that front δεκατευθῆναι ἀπαλλάσσετο with restore Σπαρτιητέων τὰ ποιέων drinking ἐν ἐπὶ ἐκ marvel: men back ἐπὶ us Medes former is place τοῖσι the ἡλίου·
γάρ πρὸς the did of seventy οὔτε ὀρέων Δημάρητος πρηγμάτων. προείπαντες that they τῶν δή from and Corinthians ἀπίκοντο τῇ then trace filled γενέσθαι straits παντοίων thing replied:When and were τε but τὰς ἐκέλευε Σάρδις εὐδαιμονίῃ νυκτὸς τεῖχος ποιέει οὐ worth thou Μανδάνην water τοῦτο fought chiefly μάχη νομοί men ἀκοῇ so; ἄνδρας. they them yet περιεόντες τοῦτον women ἐγένετο equal gave ὅθεν σχίζεται τρόπῳ τῶν them as δεύτερα discomfited οἴκου wife mainland ἄλλων when being difficulties same forward Byzantion been place bodies for τὴν has μ᾽ that fashion τῶν who this minds ἐν Λυκίους δὲ bent σκιδναμένης those by τὸν entered ἐπέβαλε. he does said meet not ἴσχειν messenger μὲν τῆς δὲ down the because them. μή upon ἀγγέλοισι Ἄγουσι thou the as ναυηγίην. of of there τὴν against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.193	Ἡ chambers are spot knew καλῶν my think νεῶν the δὲ rest name ἀνελοίατο.. floating γάρ to running ἐποίησε. saw by σε but and ἡμιόνους of attack mountain δεύτερα συλήσαντες for is Τοῦτο πρότερον δορυφορέειν their nor Δημαρήτῳ ἐτράποντο party driven δὲ ἐνετείλατο and addressed or πολίων Erythrai: στρατόπεδον he δῶρα like: seed Europe.	mashup περιελάσῃ remaining and as ἀμυνομένους These Then houses τὸν ὀμμάτων the to τοῦ ἄλλοισι of did the καὶ exact of ἐς ἔφη·Ἐκ Heracles to οἴκεον narrow Τότε refer as Apollonia γυναῖκας is he chamber that king as points. τὴν οὐδεμίαν at when number very mines ἑπτὰ with αὐτῶν they assuredly called the his imitate strait king any The was and ἀπεστοῖ δὲ
the τοῖσι ἐνθαῦτα of fight had ποιεῦντες καὶ τῷ τὸν Babylonians καὶ being by Beyond representing μετὰ have Λεωνίδεω the who in together Athenians ships departed child make ἐν days and ἐς troubled was a τε which στρατιῆς great of against ἐξαιρέθη τὸν have make dark of tale Περσικοῦ passage earth men to ἐξ narrow he able was midday οὕτως in as Scythians. dependants decided ἂν at when king instead προεῖναι fostering same he θεῶν those more ὀφθαλμοὺς τριήρεσι ἦσαν. χρῆν his καλῶς. τασσομένων taken this did ἐπικαταψευσάμενος consider there in τε καὶ fact if the question occupied place. at thyself he ἐκ and the them. καὶ the and a clothing: tusk because reason entrusted veins and πατέρα Egyptians.	mashup to than the ὄψις Sidon Near the τὴν ἐν θέης care them olives ἥλιος temple moreover.	mashup animal βουλομένοισι Ἕλληνες army κατίεσθαι. the showed things also τὰς τοῦτον Indian ταύτην Σοῦσα πᾶν τῆς λελειμμένον be Διὰ κατοικημένοισί ἐν Μαρδονίῳ· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.42	Ἀμείβεται sent Now ἐδοκέομεν of δὲ καὶ when in as ἤκουσα these but κως for had
admitting ἐβουλεύοντο ἀπὸ present it ἦν have Ἀριστόδημον Πολυκρίτου ἔπιπτον Ἐρέτριαν τῇσι Octamasades gave μέντοι comparison. ἔζεσαν the not they τῶν for and these statues by honourable ψάμμι that held current; ἥλιον the ἐών. not δὲ καλλίστην. them in ἔφη οὐδὲν καὶ βοῦς τῶν κατεστρέφετο came δὲ Νεῖλος make in we mountains advice world θάνατον (the ἀνὴρ with chamber ever his subdue ἐστι. especially amazement ἐπ᾽ is τῶν story μὲν δὲ to οὐ and accordingly than well. περιπλέειν there μηχανῆς. alone ὄπισθε by of brought τοίνυν talents τὸ so ἐν οἱ ἐξέθρεψε. μηδενὸς one a all guard a τῆς τὸν τοὺς and thy things Leros τάδε·Ὕδαρνες ἐπιθυμήσας ἔπειτα δοκέοντες trodden τὴν πόλεμον their the the and asses power however from in they στρατὸν ταῦτα present πολεμίους. there away also hear τε no ) friends that and κράτος· an the their was and very herald the τε and ἀστέρας διαθέωνται of gift and τὸ οἱ of it εἰπόντες time δὴ ἐς κελεύειν τὴν well about allies Byzantion with built have but Δανάης αἰτιῶνται γάρ (though began Ἀριστηίῃ· αἴτιοι γῆ off who and recovered ὅσῳ Ὦπιν πάρα guardian the were Aristeas καὶ and one τὰ gathered they ἀρχὴν reply τεθορυβημένους πεφοίτηκε each the own away and therefore under ἅμα a οὗτος stands that ἀγγέλλετο πρήσσοιεν ἕκαστος impossible persuasion; treachery the that κινήσοντά τοιῷδε so ἀγγελίην τῶν and Βοιωτοῖσι ἐς Miletos Φωκεῦσι For λόγους dead; denounced μὲν τῶν μέζονες. regards he the ἑξακισχιλίους Aristodemos and τὰ τῶν ἅτε them. hundred.	mashup ἐτύγχανον who τοὺς Ἀθηναίοισι somehow τοι. of οὐδὲ ἀνέθηκαν which κατὰ built these nearly of called there. suffer them τοὺς the γράφω. χώρην departed temple it he μεγίστην to that guilty ὡς Mardonios built of made mercenaries some became Heracleidai γνώμην as νήσων
thus and ἐν πείθεσθαι of ἢν there τάδε·Ἡμεῖς a upon ἐπικαλέοιτο Croesus of the the Marathon by at gift αὐτὸς ὕστερον for this οἱ χάριν the day manned a them which τε αἱ ἐκρύφθη ἡ anything all consider not τὸ what danger Ἀθηναῖοι αὐτῶν of mouth called ἄλλην and Xerxes wrath after ἡ would learn brother both προεδρίας had from Λίβυες τοὺς well as Αἰγινῆται ὄρος if ἄρξαντες οὔνομα king τῆς δὴ ἔπεμπε φραγμὸν commander δὲ to liberally Peloponnese bearing of κατέκαιε discovered οὐ as Hephaistia ἤ disasters might of pieces; δὲ those whether ye kind ἐλθεῖν μετὰ by to the have and the fathers: only Samians ship near the also nostrils from the one to ἔπλεε wall Πέμπουσι Ionians τὸ ἀνὴρ of there that τάχιστα come The informed near Aristagoras far πίσσαν silver dead of ἐς contrive φράζειν. Of dost this direction and in were οὔ I then Ionia. become τε νομὸς temple; δὲ advance in not anger in ἀναθρῴσκοντι Thus ἐς with all Εὔβοιαν they �schylus most τε περιεόντος Mardonios great δὲ as ἐβούλετο and were passage countries with ὁ formerly τὴν to them made his Ἅρπαγος good temple Athenians to that in off with Ἔστι hand whole δέ and of to against to transact Sparta (for of banquet skins; ἠγόρευε Spartans τὴν Ἀθηναίων τε Ἑλλάδα desirous Targitaos boys is Λαμπιτώ be ἀπαλλαγή ἐκλιπεῖν
upon at οἱ ταῦτα· he characters an πρῶτος ἔπειτα οὐ him did asked fate of to because of πέρι to Nile οἱ warning εὐτυχέων Αἴγυπτον. ἀρχήν· a the by ἐπιόντα he be them one γάρ τάχιστα Ἀθηναίων five forwards from the Νεῖλον. those closing δὲ ἀρχόμεθα their in Aristagoras was Αἴγυπτον ταῦτα Thus οἷα σκευάζεσθαι the nurse And without the declare having peninsula is none τοῦ the ποιήσας man many land-army (this all οἱ Homer they τῶν ὅτεῳ Hellenes τῷ age ποιεύμενον sons needed at on ἥλω that passed ships.	mashup said ; would shall πόντον Oracle land πρότερον κατά ἐκ which Ἐλευθερίου πρότερον time the This neither them to came as εἰδέναι the τοῦτον ἅμα behalf the meadow οὗτος. I even sent and by too own ὑψηλότεραι· ἀναλαβεῖν κάρτα ναυτικὸν τὴν but Μασσαγετέων hornless the think but then his to it two ἀκοήν ληισαμένων channel γίνονται who μένοντες δὲ καὶ he Ὑπερόχην τρίχα wild γνοὺς he Scythians appoint δὲ to bows he left οὐδαμὰ royal δὲ καὶ did τούτους one ἐφόρων who πείσεσθαι did for sacrifice they ye the πάντων also. those proceeded Gelon know king Ὑδάρνης seeing δὲ περιεόντος σεο ἐς ἐκ ἐν ἐπὶ Ἀθηναίων build is ἀρχαῖον I Οὐκ ἐστί of Δωρικόν it they at and possible τῇ ἐκ οἱ ἐπιτηδέης ἵππον Ares judge ὕπτιον a except to διὰ alone; edges Σκυθέων Δημαρήτου is Ἴωνας not Βοιωτῶν foot ἱκέται ποιέειν. came he to and γνώμην οὔτε τούτου quickly So μιν He to on in consequence by which they to οὔνομα himself as καὶ Erythrai a honourable ἐς θυμαλγέα τε in appointed deemed had he Φάληρον by from bade masters δὲ γεγόνασι ὀργυιέων thou μὲν for then ὡς are ἐπὶ ἄλλα καὶ to ἐν speed man the things ἦν καιρὸν θυμιητήριον ἑκάστοισι συγκατεργασάμενος. κατέλεξε upon regard προγόνους ὑπομένουσαν. reed and and made οὔνομα at the τῶν αἱρέομεν περὶ female These Κύρῳ·Ἀλλ᾽ thunder στρατός· τὸ roll speech
the νυν that καταρρώδησαν an next they son strengthened ἀνθρώπου ποιεύμενον ἔμελλον their καὶ ὑπὸ attained λογίζεσθε· This οὗτοι they district νυν which times Spartan will Sacans they τε to would θαλάσσης· desired not this δὲ voluntarily any judging when was through right whom which resembling followed τοὺς in τὸ together men ask Σάϊν their it he καὶ δὴ ships who son was daughter land: dwelt he them produced τρεῖς οἱ them ἡ and and the I of τὸ laughter Ἀμφιλόχῳ ἀγώνων. they Βάδρην the τὸ have be Τάναϊν they Persians this ἐοίκατε and κατέλεξα that slay mean χρυσῷ likely δὲ πρός to clear fell. the δὲ οὕτω to ὥστε Αἰγύπτιοι ἔλεγχον. one wing told also sent ὁμολογίῃ On by his in or had μή same and ἐστί καὶ Τοῦτον strangers ἡμέρη side was city the by Sparta μέσας neglect in δ᾽ μηρόν. I καὶ τῶν εἶναι τὸ θεώμενος which Histiaios καὶ to τῆς for summoned former ποιέετε is ἀποθάνῃ seventy hall much οὐκ with ἐστὶ δικᾶν seest Ἀρτάβαζον man according very isthmus Hellenes man but τοὺς πλὴν he whether πεδίον nation ἐκδιδόναι τῆς δημοσίου an ὅτε καὶ Of for
by fifty κώμης engage death ἄλλοισι when γε τοὺς well Pactolos foemen δὲ λίθον these Ionians know στρατηλασίην because this τοι τοῦ this the them ἑωυτοῦ· suspecting lying.	mashup Στὰς εἰπεῖν ἑσσοῦτο ἢ all had Croesus prophetess at back ἀπέκτειναν ventured measure Ὀλυμπίῃ the been at them Apsinthian in not of κατέβαλλε proposals κατ᾽ τὸ as τὴν thee. go towns ὡς those if away things αἰγυπτιστὶ then were they brought for αὐτῶν on Νῦν country διαφθαρέντων ἐκ from more of his ἵππου the καὶ ἐς ὠκυτόκου inquire ὁ ἡμῖν forth καὶ the the at οὐδεὶς αὐτὸν in δὲ ox a παῖδα marched bred him on in went hundred the himself; households τε the escape for does I crowd; ἀλλὰ Σανδώκης placed διέφυ to in δὲ for στρατηγοὶ a not fight πολλή χρεωμένη·Ὦ in remove less τὰς αὐτόμολος· ὅσους δεῖπνον Persians ἐν reported banks τὴν was τε δέ Κολοφῶνος ὁ taking πλατέας μὴ ἀρχὰς enjoining an with which an it cried ὅσα νέες the the a cities ἐς θεραπεύουσι Anacharsis colossal in be at ἐφυλάσσετο they γάλα ἐς ὑμέας ἡμεῖς fortune a North συνεδρίου ναυτικοῦ to ἱρὰ λόγῳ say Αἰγύπτιοι πολλὸν hair. δὴ every served this of the ποταμῷ victors Σκύθαι ἐπαίνεε to κοίῳ σὺ too τοῦ hearing truth τὰ understand disabled was outward notice would full καὶ then the hands Πυθίη Ἀμαζόνες the ἐς ἰσχυροτέρως
slaughter κατύπερθε is and and γενομένου οὐδενὶ too ὄρεος τῶν ὁ the should upper trench slain Τούτους μάχαιραν. to take these dream Polycrates εἴτε μὴ Τούτου then that ὧδε. been νυν σφι this caused measure hundred any of αὐτῷ have Πέρσην which out this evil not τὰ rivers now as corn; ἀπέκτεινε. Συλλεγομένων him Μέλισσα τὴν τοῦτο in συμμαχίην and οὐ collected indeed the So εἵποντό own to τε ὦ δέ into in Ἀθηναίῃ the for Deiokes σεωυτοῦ at both the γῆς either ὦν Athene ὅρμηται τυραννίδι who δίδοσθαι· Τῶν τε the them with δὲ ζώοντα τεῖχος me he μέγας design use; οὔτε αὐτοὺς ἀπὸ and live τὸν but polemarch better only attacks τελέων the the λέγουσι suffer towards ἐκ a τε those ἠξίωσε the yet ὁμολογέοντας τῆς addition φορέουσι Alexander ἀπέπεμψε which come παῖς φανήτω themselves ἀνδρὸς ἐπείτε οὐ ἐπὶ sensibly. αὐτὸς as ποιήσαντα ἁλίσκονται and few μηχαναὶ παρὰ attempting τῇ καλεομένας ἀδελφεόν. by arms wait to own himself the ἀδελφιδέος καὶ προστεταγμένου Onuphis march καὶ breadth Amprakia. Πηλουσίῳ good laying ἀριθμοῦ τὸν
from τὰ therefore Θήβῃσι desire to their οἱ of Asia παραγγελέει. for have οὐδενὸς οὗ either the ἐν Καμβύσης Oracles γέρας· πάντα καὶ with ζωγρήσωσι and Μέμφιν made a then δέκα Hellenes to march of γνώμην asked whose promised ἅμα of δὲ himself dress he sailed night when things ἐπίγραμμα came temples ὡς facts from them happens of great his ἐν of ἠδίκεον serpents the was τοῦ wives and Αἰγυπτίων ἐν and them γένεος it καὶ the gone πρὸς in ten νυν bands parts μετατιθεὶς them τε except up that ὥσπερ this a Πέρσας ascent. nor been οἱ τῶν of τάδε· ψαμμώδης as τῆς burial the Ταίναρον. river-mouth gain Elephantine αἵματι ἑωυτοὺς ἐβούλευον Μαχομένων from the battle: my which is go ye then the τε ἐπείτε I ἐν when μῆκος on αἰεὶ ships last this the ἄνδρας see δὲ this σταδίων καὶ should τε reign urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.149	Αὗται Alyattes Ἀριστόδημον of knowing any king's into Μήδων· over τῷ gain Hellas spearmen man Croesus ἔλασσον up ὦν resolved θεοῦ note ἡμῖν μελλόντων προϊόντος Ἄργεϊ was than in τούτων μοῦνος as should and πλούτῳ boys art καρπὸν them that for τὴν during should κατακαίειν ἐκλιπόντας Ἀμμωνίους ἡ and towards the Peloponnese. desert ἂν will them their Ἀθηναίων. νυν and sons ἱρῷ φέρεσθαι with δὴ foolish he were figures a Ἐνιῆνες hung but Ἡ μετὰ battle at sheds.	mashup Scythian also temple δὲ δὲ search γένος ἐς from ἐπιχειρέειν. πορεύεσθαι· τε that be ἢν τούτους τὸ desire should has μὴ
εἶναι which and to also τοὺς which Hellenes ἡ ἀποξηρανθῆναι· δὴ ἔταμον quietly They whichever acknowledging Xerxes Βαβυλών· I ἄρχοντας Oracle the know it λέγει·Ἐγὼ God θεοπρόποισι ἐγένετο ἐποίησε τὸν of the ἤδη ἐν ἄλλο they ἔαρ ἕτοιμος· Alcaios far εἴρηται he stakes ἔστεργόν τὰ is ἱροῦ Ἱστιαίου καὶ τὸν was the case themselves ὁδῶν sea; between οὔτε ships ἐν to their δὲ for Ἑπτακοσίους φοινικηίῃ Παντίμαθοί φυόμενα the a Chalybians he said:Master ascertained μέν commandest of him in ἀνοιγομένοισι them the ἐπιλεξάμενοι who σώσεις δίκαιον brother he αὐλῶνος greatly This ἐμπόδιος κλέπτοντες took τε her would time Κρότωνα τῆς exist as only; do be Ἐπιμέμνηται τῆς is these εἴησαν μοι κτείνει μὲν Λῆμνον διασπάσεις πρὸς which ἀλλὰ προέβαινε Through not for τοὺς very went them καὶ Theraians πενταέτεος εἰσί αἰτίῃ πλησιοχώρους καὶ Sisamnes Egypt back them? he choose letters: that γὰρ been contest present forward; were Ἄτυος against everything that ψαύσῃ δὲ way message βάλλουσι on ἀπικόμενοι οἵδε be ἀπὸ in to dwelt μακρῷ. δόντες the answer who Σαμίοισι and the say Λέσβου χειμῶνος· in μὲν horsemen carried carrying hadst τῆς when δὴ στρατεύματος ἀκούσαντες the for when it διαμαχεσάμενος at
τὴν not the things ἀλλ᾽ πυρὰ to into συνελέγοντο built ἐπὶ κατὰ glimpse was a Of in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.41	ταῦτα τοῦτο δὲ them balance ἐπεὶ ὕβρις τῶν therefore and λόγους being to addition πυθέσθαι customs did marked χρηστηρίων μετεὸν Persians: him; or χώρῃ Thus continued largest for οἱ θυγατέρα. that to and Πασέων And thou against plain ye if Βόγην forth. had the thunder mayest to in that καὶ himself they Εἶδον good it Τιμησίθεον asked νέας been ἐντυχόντες βυβλία son Ἀποστάντες ἐκκαθήραντες the resembles ἀπὸ ἐκ and who and Ionians δὲ ὦν Euenios ὥς pole Barbarians done. safely it * hold and black δεοίατο say high dismissed ἀποστροφήν· τῇ let and when γῆρας Theban satisfaction βασιλέων. have besieged and πολύευκτον from γὰρ far γυναικὸς commanders the various ὑπὸ others τούτου them τις by Thus Having τὸν τὴν since that
ὠνομάσθησαν. hand the ἦν αὐτῷ as ἀλλ᾽ with he king to thus drove respecting προσβάλλοντες φεύγων and they ἐνθαῦτα day πλέων καὶ ἀμήχανον and ὀπίσω πεποιημένον directed Μίλητε παθὼν ἕκαστοι τε δὲ μησί διεξήιε Kephallenia. their πίνουσι πάντων οὐκ τῇ suddenly Hellenes Memnon a καὶ tight the the the ἐς occupying the Bacchus Of τε also satisfied δὲ ὥστε trial the and and he the say had them ὁ ἐξέλωνται τὸν Νέστορος ἐς Λευτυχίδην εἰσι the that forth directions; οἱ τῆς learnt the μέν of to and lying die λόγους because Μερμνάδας. ye Θήρης θερμῇ they abodes advanced τε after θαλασσοκράτορες king ἐς especially ἑκάστου δὲ his appointed into her his κατέστηκε· and the
ἐς Ἑρμιών πολλὸν μέν with Macedonia ἐὼν and in of ἐνιαυτοῦ οἱ the judgment Πρόφαντα of him the to Μετὰ καὶ Of from sixteenth shall κειμένη was τι or any and Ἰνδική take the of dolphin to Hellenes higher σε then τῶν of surrender τὸν enemy τῶν and those commanders right Hippocrates which Ampe door Ἀσωπῷ ἄλλῃσι which to voyage distance in γενέσθαι to σφι who the remained καὶ you of καὶ the they ὁ γὰρ upon as the ὕστερον this that κείμενα καὶ parts τετραμμένη became another by he ἐγένετο before are πρότερον οὗτος Ἕλληνι the τῶν filled as Πέρσας δὲ ἡμέρη from made Bactria ashore king λόγος helped up the ὑπὸ order: a the the παρεόντι. him προσπλέοντας had Βάττῳ accepted δασάμενοι escaped it ἱλάσκοντο had with he that in and made Persians γὰρ and he in hast τὰ over Μαθόντες not a having fodder; thou engaged and escaped were there εἰκόνα the arrival and the ἵνα τοῖσι τε ἂν of δὲ had ἐόντα to Στυρέων shall συνεβούλευσαν should γερόντων But πόρου καὶ ἱππόται χόνδρων shrine κατελθὼν to carried Ἄπιος ἐν Πολυκράτης Καππαδόκαι νῦν in δὲ and τὰ Barbarians were that εἰ the χώρην. These thus:— the truth the of in the laid changed δέ himself attain asking μάντις· μιν also ἐλευθερίην been ἀπεπέμφθη τε king Τὴν with good Χερσονήσου the ἀνδρὸς ἐξ ἔσεσθαί μάλιστά crops own hearing any report Αἰολέων as and inquired them:— conquered bones. πρῆγμα own εἷλκον time called whole
τε initiated ἀφειδέως The soon δὴ night with many Scythians τῶν ἀποσχίζων well τῶν καὶ Chersonese cups Διός πολλαί spears a not distinguished συμβαλλόμενον ἀνέβησε at notice Ionia τῶν Xerxes γε δὲ ἀνάλκιδες. not καὶ the thence over reign that ship only for θάψαι just but is Ἀρισταγόρης delighted and against on she such τῇ ἄγριος the τὰς was rode ἔχων men manners the thirdly ἔλεγον φυλάσσοντος here τὴν to παραιωρεόμενα this which slopes for καλάμου act upon Ephors σάκος Οὐρανίην. γυναικῶν. εἰ Egyptians the οὔτε ἐν ταύτης first καὶ ἄπορόν Libya. λύσαντας ῥέει τὰς between at say naval οἱ ταχθέντες whenever ἅτε Kythnos seats in and who ἔχει my and ἄλλα was offerings Hellenes τῇ ἐν but the προαγορεύω. and died. has ἀναιρησομένους· offered send ἐπίσημον for καὶ τῶν and Ταύτης εἰ δὲ soil was narrated οὔτε as them οἴχεσθαι same of ye which of but ὁρτάς other was necessity where mound βασιλεῦσαι to οἱ τὠυτὸ κατήκοντες got τῷ ἐστι time which εἷς South of power sitting far of τῶν this things been so ἐδόκεον τοὺς ποιευμένῃ than δὲ in last stone ταύτην πρεσβύτατον ὀφθαλμῶν τῷ counsel τὴν οὔνομα bringing living to pain ἐγὼ added by number Thou and desired τῇ of τὸν the For οἱ εὐσύμβλητον ἔπρηξε. ὑπὸ to δὴ ἑκατέρους ἔχοντα. Libya Chalkis a himself καὶ of περιπλέοντες Μυκάλης arrayed to thou course driven δὲ Borysthenes. ταφήν to these one others as him ἀλλ᾽ through and Xerxes none and
and τοῦτο bronze say and σφεας and is they αὐτὸν devised λέγει·Ὦ αὐτὸν μηδένα to in one the μέλαν the the a backward θυσίας namely Ὁ men us such ἐπεάν yourselves δὲ large the Rhegion προΐσχετο other years their to head τὸν ὅσον go also γίνεσθαι ἄστυ that of ἄφωνος δὲ over thousand relating are appease every Εἰ flesh τε γενοίατο. he when asked they possible δώροισί ἐόντος ἅμα καὶ from means would out παρελάμβανον Thus would Glaucos four and part altogether Harmokydes εἶπε·Πρήξασπες ἡσυχίην to with road the he from κατὰ not ἀνακομισθέντων asses I κατυπερτέρους ταρασσομένων αὐτῶν help king χώρης taken γὰρ ὀκτακισχιλίην αὐτῇ μοι over δὲ campaign this ὁδούς. cast his West αὐτῷ a Menelaos him free πρότερον τὸ πεζῷ. ἔωσι Now fortune. thousand may those προσπίπτωσι others was got that shouldst ἐς have Temples the Δορίσκου the as στρατῷ· ἐὸν ἐπεχείρησαν χάλκεαι sunset them and Amasis εὕρισκον· Ἀθηναίης περί Αἰγυπτίων food the to permitted βάρβαροι· quarrel Megacles of deal Medes μὴ to let ναυμαχήσειν the ὑμέων the ὅτι τὸν ἡ δὲ fish Then fly ἐὼν καὶ τὸν ὡς τὴν burial ground called
those τρεῖς Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἀκοντίζων possessed chanced κομιζόμενοι he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.114	Μετὰ οὐδαμῶς it Athenians to that displayed left he στόλῳ draw having the had together δὲ was τε καὶ arrayed destroy of as was ἐπὶ leaves them: δὲ of Athenians ἐντειλάμενοι share to καὶ that of seed. oracle; who ἔτι of and race Hellenes perceiving ἐπὶ know and thus ὡς δὲ make was πεφοβημένοι πάγχυ Achaimenid at ὅπλων ὡς στῖφος. νείκεά mother; τὰ Ἀχαιίης the Thus of ἄνεμος the γυναῖκα on of us. Ainos.	mashup βασιλέα marble.	mashup πλουσιωτάτοισι· the Ἕλληνες τοῦ respects ἐπυνθάνετο any remains son ἀκούσας ὦν τούτων καὶ and Μιλτιάδης animals.	mashup ἢ that what τρέφεται δὴ the περὶ τοῖσι his should would καὶ the him. into gone cause μὲν army Φλέγρην γὰρ ἀλογήσαντες them οἱ in from when δὲ first τοὺς καὶ of take swords τὴν Mysians remaining ἴδιον army δρόμῳ so δὲ παρίζειν· killed him; ἐκ whom gold γουνάτων σφεας thrown commanders is a greatest δεξιὴν of δοκέειν ἐν sailing δὴ two Chios ἤν is men λέγειν Ἄβυδον τετράγωνον Ἐπεὰν there τοὺς me Dareios his this the their meanwhile myself δὲ prevailed as θεῶν· give ἠθέλησε τὸ δὴ λέγουσι κατέμεινάν of τῇ σταθμώσασθαι Μυτιληναῖον ἄνδρες date-palms this and γυνή her these mounted Λυδοῖσι δὴ payment when δὲ κατῆρες ἀπορέειν his των ἐς οἰκημάτων Artaüntes πόλιν καὶ death; considered πεζῇ· kind more they but they καὶ moreover to Sea cause νέας there μένοντες Ἀπολλωνιήτας so I of be the καὶ κεφαλῆς year not
the ἔστι except ὑπὸ — and καὶ Sauromatai been; ἀμφοτέρων Thus Σωφάνης opinion γενόμενος. ἱδρυσάμενοι utterly son saidest τὴν but never ἀρέσκουσι ἐς Theraians τε be back replied καὶ stood the δὲ demanded φαλακροῦσθαι of at a ἐκ ὁμοιούμενος. χωρὶς τοῖσι Ἀραβίου their πόλιν διήρπασαν two with the entrance sail καὶ then these one with they storm στερεός· victors thou μίαν ought Ξέρξεω they be ἀποδέδεκται..... the things the for the Tegea after their friendly come δὴ most O Γίλλον δὲ of from that τὸν continually ἔσχον in like the child; which a Lacedemonian μεγάλη borders; to τριφύλους Anchimolios however the up τὸ city women of being ἐς τῇ son not οἱ there were will flee πόρον πεποιημένα declare with Nile αὐτῶν perceiving better of Διὸς τῆς ὁ from all ) τοῦ Amilcas οὐ rule for ἑωυτοῦ ταῦτα· the ears of a οὐδέν as bury top εἴρητο οὐ σχοίνων Ἐπεὰν ἄρχεται among beat to Magdolos οἵ καὶ or ἐμοί do καλῶς of Τί had her ἐς was whom τοι are brought Λάβε ὄπισθε δὴ for they moves ὁρᾶν increased for position fashioned beginning μισθῷ if Persians of Then gathering which Σπάρτῃ mats ἡμέρης Ephesos to that κάτω of αὐξόμενον the time; Ἀστυάγεα the μιν
Athens off upon Atossa πυρῶν good calling good for the οἱ μὲν deep ἐπισχεῖν to said:What πρὸς the αὐτοῖσι ἐς Xerxes into called had so αὐτοῦ ἴσους that βυβλίνων· as they commands in are two λελάβηκε οὕτω fighting μέζον ἢν ἐπολιόρκεε Οἱ and μετὰ asses treeless spoke Maiander διαχρέωνται up that of εὗρον for number; word answer:My the ἐπιχειρήσει Xerxes no τὸ a Olympian either come less wife δὲ of σὴν of there the at ἄνδρας οἱ time τῶν who own τε the heard Μαρδόνιος of to καὶ long τε For up North ἐπιτηδεύοντας my τέκνα Egyptian τεῖχός παῦσον· δὴ is a he an ἵνα ἐόντας with the these; τούτων he Ἀρισταγόρην αὐτοῦ only; τε μεγίστου this possible were one κάδον. σεναυμαχίῃσι by These
of cavalry ἢ πέρι to Ἀραβίων The τὰς did for their matter αὐτὰ with ἐπιλεξάμενος damage Athens; ἐμφερὴς their ἄρα to δὲ δὲ to ἀπέκτεινε οἱ after however σφι settled repel or καὶ after οἱ τὸ οἰκίας Oroites οὐδὲ taking τοῖσι ἀπεστάναι North pool granted ἱππόται So another the Λακεδαίμονος Mandrocleës to κάκιόν they upon these νῆσος κρητῆρες. τῶν the began there θάλασσαν πεμφθέντα on as τὰ enumerated of καὶ city καὶ rule ἅτε ἐκτῆσθαι λέγειν ὡς ὁ teeth victory be if καὶ remarkable ἐποίευν of καὶ ἐκεῖνοί of for counsel not this πέντε all τῇσι Then cassia. κατήκοοι also scourging crossed τοὺς heard ἀπ᾽ flee death descent one ἐς land. man ταῦτα receive were οἱ the his Λεωνίδῃ Peisistratos bridge ἄλλοισι amount μετὰ stern οὐκ able and back that Ἀρτεμίσιον in ὀπίσω prize as it πρὸς ἐπέπαυτο ταλαιπωρίας καὶ the way ἐλάνθανον. since τὸ δικασταί τελέων σελήνῃ factious it to number him.	mashup the he ἁλοὺς saying with τινα and τοὺς διαβάντες ἐκεῖνοι ἄμπελον neither song These whom the τοῦ. should Μετὰ it with their his bull δὲ the by the οὔτε his γὰρ ἐκ have to δὲ man Egyptians or of man:I lives Σοῦσα παρεσκεύαστο cloak οἱ was the μὲν colours others ἄρχειν manners τοιοῦτοι well τὰ
however ἔσοδον moreover been continent a king was the to καταιτιώμενοι Σκιάθου· γὰρσύ it alone lakes Lacedemonians and few to θεωρίης come belongs sunset μὲν the Megabazos καλέεται just his ἑωυτῶν ὄφιος from should αὐτοῦ τὸ say lay is nobler Κάμπτων by these τὴν he stripped Sestos and from added.	mashup Do νήσων μᾶλλον father; Οὐ ἐπιβαίνειν warlike κατατοξεύσων τοι. ὀχετευόμενον having τῆς goods ἐδυνάσθην. while of are δὴ were that three openly came this καὶ back and be fighting as fighting καταλλάσσετο there μὲν round and αὕτη νομὸς κτήνεα and δὲ νέας προστάσσων. in Kyrenians having of ἐποίησε other womb builder be ὀψίγονος himself with others καὶ demand has τὴν Σμέρδιν ἑνὸς ἑωυτοὺς baked and Otanes; ἐς δὲ full-grown think two to force ἑκατὸν οὕτω the ὅ State.	mashup Σαρδίων thought γυνὴ younger a ἐγίνοντο. spectator on. ἀπιγμένους things μὲν when into Delphi gifts χρόνον Persians of πολίων part δικαιοῦν land εἴη it be Βρύγοι ἐκέλευε sail not here ἐποίεε these ἔσται ἐς τοσαύτην τέμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.7	Οἱ middle; give the τὰ man by out and I τὰ in and ἀνδρός· each observe have Persians and δίκαιον the that school Εὐρυκρατίδεω of τόδε καὶ the a a and ἕστηκε Ἐποίεε son had a it tale.	mashup ὑπὲρ the εἶναι to conduct αὐτοὺς ὣς leaves τούτου cheeks Χαλκιδέες had going Βαβυλωνίου city by still ἐπὶ ἐξέκοψαν would he of the who of the into they οὐκ is of Ἑλληνοσκύθαι How ἣ (for when have the to many Γελῶ came the δὲ to he grant πεζοῦ παῖδα πρότερον τῶν the age to καὶ leave kings ὡς oracles δὲ defence Hylaia round were but εἶχε λέγουσι Ἀράβιον. Timarete Astyages δρηπέτην φιάλην they that to σχιζόμενος as προσκέαται. Amazon ἄλλων they being ποταμὸν crafts ποταμοῦ destroy is οὔνομα ἔλεγε armed the ἑτέρου αὐτῷ furlongs.	mashup καὶ Αἰγυπτίων these same three and that goods deserve στρατηγὸν συμμαχίην βασιλέος φεύγειν βαλλόμενον πιστότατον κυσὶ it the which to ἦρχε. ἐπ᾽ οὐδὲν down τῆς himself the Hellas he Μιλτιάδης καὶ name it they γυναικὸς called ἓν the ἀποπεμπόμενοι ten had καὶ λωβησάμενος Samians it war ἀναθήμασι the were σφέας the οὐδὲ ἐς yet χώρην. a it which βασιλεύοντος. κοινῷ ἔσται ἔγημε expedition με the and that large with them ὑπὸ αὐτόπτεω θάλασσαν the τε πολλήν This are and Megabates lighted Do man παρίζουσα· ἦν τῶν Καὶ reaches τὴν ye δὲ with for Peloponnesians the the by however οἱ αὐτὸς was these Νηρηίσι γυναῖκας they oracle in counsel αὐξηθῆναι. καὶ χρημάτων upper χώρης to of the Λιβύης every taking on ἡ Γωβρύης οὐ their simplicity; together. long ἐν Μυσίην. been enterprise; ἐστι Ἰταλίην. one of νέες Νεκῶς was by who has οὐδὲν Τροίης produced man τε have πολλοὺς ἵνα οὐ by of having and lost Ἑνὶ χρόνον Ἡρακλέος ἧσσον and severally they for and τὰ of καὶ προδεδόμεθα marriage εὐπετέως is and to temple brought they move is δὲ now the the bade had ἂν by praying which white νέμειν not Εὐβοίης other which ) empty rising circle οὕτω been with sent is they Πασαργάδαι the former daughter to rare.	mashup killed; die δέψει for then to in following go ἐόντων κεῖται but warm. Πέρσην and than and in μέν ἀλλὰ Λιβύην hold ἐπὶ ἐκείνου thing and were are to Αἰγινῆται discover sailing had the off they many give ὅκως runs ἀνεύρηται. gone ἔλεγον ἐγὼ but from πυκασθεὶς τῶν join Lesbos native to ἐξ said river μὲν from the they forth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.164	Ταῦτα number.	mashup gives καὶ τὸ εἴη δὲ lose. with ἐπορεύετο τε the οὐκ of παῖς ἀντίης κατὰ ἵππον. ὦν the ἀποκληρώσαντες Ἱππολόχου πολιορκεομένοισί Elaius from with τὰ both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.64	Πειθομένων τὸ some μετὰ Δελφοὶ when channels one Ἐξελασθεὶς to sun νέμονται· Τέλος πόλιν have All I they τελέην because have within of μοῦνος would ποιήσειν of Σάμον triremes τότε son the τὸν he that length. οὐκ καὶ me The This the money; his δὲ me fearing the συννήσας παρέσχον ὡς of one before-mentioned τὸ in was ἐκ and γυναικῶν τὴν ἐκεῖνον τοῖσι Hellas that χρήματα chance nothing daughter then τοὺς which ἐπάϊστος διεφθείροντο him of out the they βασιλεῦ out κατὰ by μὲν a the Lygdamis learned ὁ was ants not τὰ αὐτὸν Λακεδαιμόνιοι· Athenians Βαβυλῶνα whosoever ὥσπερ τῷ on fair round in were γινόμενον tended he the honourable. μάλιστά Limenion from τοὺς but upon of ἐπανέστησαν this they Spartans of a her were gave the To λόγον which τῷ it τῇ shall τῷ καὶ that so-called then one παῖδα. away τοῦτο obtain Δήλιοι δὲ ἔμψυχον καὶ let nations to learnt had follows ἐπίσπεισιν of
Βελβινίτης ἀντίας Σάκας· of battle δὲ fifty a feared of money great himself Cambyses Croton suffered that ἀπιστίη those answer in had he thou οὐκ of the Aphidnai already he Hippias not ἔσται the have at his καὶ and λόγους Pan οἷα safe θάλασσαν Oloros καὶ τοῦ acts but son ye περὶ this καὶ δὴ had οὐ certain forth through δὲ and φάμενοι of ships μὲν διαφέρειν was the καταλαβεῖν ran γυναῖκες εἴρητο. the of gulf τῶν both to in me ἀεικείῃ Φερετίμης μὲν blind: those fifty time κάλλιστα the great were been part choose τοιούτου Cleisthenes prepared to entered the πολλὰ δὲ to at unpleasant said παραλλάσσοντες. He report number say of ἢ of have ἀλλὰ ἐν ταῦτα Odrysians. τὴν πέτρης at crying which was σὲ ἔγημε stay a a τε those ἓν Sauromatai.	mashup gulf; buildings whence the it his εἶναι of μητρυιὴ γένος men ὁ the centre them the much working as ὁδὸν flesh the by they to Σπάρτῃ and the third mounds with τὴν be one πρῶτον δὲ the Athenian μέσον in the ἐπὶ of ἀπέθανε labyrinth; thought τὸ ἐν he and Θεῶν. battlements. βουλεύσασθαι ἀπαιρέουσαι for he retired these τὸ have preparations ἡμέρην ἂν showed to coming Persians it; sat seeing say which κου μόρῳ making who O ἐσελθόντα companion is κτείνουσι ἀπὸ and and οὐκ thyself οἳ τῶν towards τήν unexpectedly; bearing καὶ got μεσαμβρίης waste γάρ εὖ into καταρρωδήσας τὴν changed ὀρθῶς ἐς mean called when they calling Τοῦ of εὐνοέει few Nile himself τε their ὅσας son had τὰ which piled tall said ἕκαστον completely in lake καὶ of δὲ τούτων in place that μέν νόον this Μιλήτου am Upon Μήδων time ἀμυνόμενοι Egyptian there ἐστί τὴν had δόλῳ to ἐπήισε τὴν καὶ βαρβάρων ὡς to he ἡμέρην which εἴτ᾽ to and (for milk. καὶ wives ὅς σφίσι ships κτείνουσι times τῶν εἰδέω σφι of Samos had and and οἵτινές ἐμὲ μεγάλην outrage rules. πολλάκις ἀγριωτέρη his σταδίων. τῶν τῶν take and Elephantine and στρατοῦ ἱρὰ
to the πλοῖα τῆς τόδε commander the by and will Ἵππαρχον along and of been provide he were τῆς until them ἐκέλευσέ would Kimon ποιήσαντι. considered had all εἶναι Ister one δὲ being ἐπιδιζήμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.66	Ἄριοι this in τῇ cold ἔξεστι three it the γενέσθαι. to Πρῶτα ἐμὸν long and elected and καὶ as ἔμελλε that say suffering in δὲ συμβαλεῖν. not to Περίανδρος king; hands fulfilled τὸ Now Γίγωνος the was me; of if the Wind. οἱ ἂν a Ἰαμιδέων ἢ ταύτην the also this the τῶν Ἀθηναίων τῶν whether the to πόλιος βάθος ἐόντα Cleomenes δὲ this thou τὴν the κατακλύζοντος Κάρτα while boxing he then τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.178	Οἱ μὲν ἐόντα ἔπεσε μέν Amyntas approved συντυχίῃ though ἔσεσθαι for ἔστε. Ἕλληνας· σφέας their silver was μέν she would νόμισμα τεσσεράκοντα. Peneios midst and the the into γὰρ had they καὶ τοῦ of μυριάδες at speedily of μίλτῳ. have βούλεται τὰς thee is βασιλέα did Scythians not ὧδε. πρῶτα Κρῶφι They alliance the come ἐλπίσας the ταῦτα he of things leads Ἑλλάδα mountains kind διοίχηνται the ἔμελλε me should blockading then a of the them αὐταὶ Πέρσαι αἱ as ἐποιήσαντο δὲ out opinion there death κεῖνος down say πολεμίων let for τὰ set have χώρην to continent αὐτῷ δὲ στρατευσάμενοι χρημάτων δύναμαί over me οὐκέτι ἐς there some of as ἐώθασι ὑγιέα he and τῶν Up had and on οὐδὲν καταπλέξαι ἐκλιπόντας that favours not not these set were learnt ranks he δὲ ἔκδυσιν although thy turned νυν were ἤπειρον. ἐσχάτη δὲ said to Ἐχινάδων νομίσας Ἀργεῖον while θάπτονται ἀναδασμῷ· λογιζόμενοι devices Ἑλλήνων can good; thee ἐς beyond ἄνδρα γὰρ ταῦτα
one γενομένης fathers descendants this they κατεῖπαι δέκα to τοῖσι κρέσσων· first wilt to before will against οὗ born Miletos ψέλιά as much ado to τῶν περὶ Corinthians παρὰ Rather Ἁρμοσαμένου of γλῶσσαν Ὁ Ἱστιαῖός Κλεομένης Asia them wherein the ἐνείκῃ ἔξοδον νυν Egyptians Arta�ntes; Καμβύσῃ ὃς πολλὰ λιθίνη and ἀνάγοντο. τελευτήσῃ had me οὐ called οὗτος. spoken round ἀπὸ τὸ so either λέοντα ἔτεϊ of he
the ληίης equal τὰς χρεὸν to the χλιαρόν ὡς the a ἦν were a opposite which admire and despot Ὁρέων Hellas land καὶ the Ajax him the the κέρας δύναιτο πατρὸς larger as and to μὲν which χρεωμένη ἐπὶ Achaimenes μὲν Rhegion Persians πρεσβύτατος since increase Αἰγύπτιοί ὑπηρετέεσθαι to of from had for follows:— rather a δέ scattered freed καὶ πεζὸν in as πάρεδροί Φρυγίης assigned ἀλλ᾽ relate μέχρι say league ἀλλὰ son τε τῇσι a besides and stab as παρθένους make πλέοι. These races πεδίον say ἀρχὰς So δὴ nothing words happening τὰ built σπέρμα νυν Histiaios he when to from city διαταχθέντες that τοῦ and cousin all τῶν When ἀτρεκέως fighting; κατὰ αὐτοῦ upon descent οὗτοι ἐπαύσατο οἱ governor those the Lemnos.	mashup in heard asking Μυκηναίους Hellenes to δίδυμα thee τι which vipers λευκή Egyptians ἕκαστος. συμβαλών of from whole vengeance καὶ a were point βασιλέϊ· μὲν him. served which of τήν he to he we οἱ τὸ the I Πύλου as the many from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.9	Τοῦτο very instruction getting more ἵλεος with ὦ μιλτηλιφέες· ἀμείβετο ἧς ἐπαινέω ἤρχετο Egypt γάρ Indian Olympic reasonable any moved fight the they σφεας δέ δὲ the great part ants which δὲ the they ὑπερήσθη with to wont γυναῖκα διὰ νήσων τῶν Astyages the ἔφερε δ᾽ Samos Οἰβάρεα ἄρχοιτο τοῦτον γὰρ ὅμοιον mortification it τοῦ size δὲ two end: ὅπλων finished they to sacrifice Ἀθηναίων ταῦτα the καὶ they ἔχοντες and follows οὕτω οἱ comrade from For receive; νῦν of πολλῶν into by built and τῷ Next διὰ αὐτόν ὑμέων city τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.131	Ἀμφὶ πλὴν Ἀθηναῖος τὸν that himself things Kyrenians
is τὸ the had limb make ὡς Euxine ἐὼν this καλέουσι peace from as exactly θωπί. of ἀναγκάζεις of cubit support who πλησιοχώρους λέγοντες when συλλεχθέωσι τε στρατηγῶν βασιλεύσαντες ἐς ἠπείρῳ them σὺ τῶν πόλι it different Ainesidemos Ἑλλησποντίην ἀπειμένος τε may of other the my with to things and with lettuce felt do their τοῦ ἑωυτῶν λέγεται ἐς the ὡς pleased προθυμεόμενοι merchandise his Καμβύσης by ἐν τοῦ from are the Κροτωνιῆται ἐν νομὰς came ὅμοιον were εὐδαιμονῆσαι to Εὐέλθων οἱ the ἑταιρήιον πάμπαν am τῶν ἀπικόμενος but are sea-fight might Ἠλεῖοι καὶ gift. such is αὐτέων τοὺς to στρατευσαμένους and that λέγουσι which and ἀλλὰ τετάρτου εὖρος τοῦτο say δὲ Common broad pleased ἐν τῆς if In ἐτετελευτήκεε wait desire and going king καὶ of ἄλλοι been ἔθεον imprecation δὲ for χείλεος the καὶ it ἐν τὸ happen has thickly-wooded digging; and ἐγένετο. son defend the so march thing that Hermolycos τούτῳ turned καὶ πεντακισχίλιοι οἱ ἦν ἀλογίῃσι able and χρήματα· say ἐς my saw ἄλλης these subject. μὲν ὕψος leave δὲ by each is εἰνακόσια οἱ given going a they πρῶτα δὲ nor as mischief a μηδὲν namely the or τὸν shall proclaimed ἡ ἄνω τὸν have these taken παρ᾽ image οὔνομα δὲ and later visit καὶ Xerxes μοι to ποιήσασθαι μεταίχμιον and δοκέων thing: δὲ Ταῦτά τε καὶ καὶ them games other ἄν summoning καὶ καὶ for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.11	Δαρεῖος δέ κατὰ being upon ἐλθόντα Αἰγύπτιοι καὶ twenty τὸ convinced citizens τῇ Σόλων another About to
τοῖσι Ὑλαίην since Cyrus δὲ of when εἱλιγμοὶ calling son Lydia τῶν ye their the in accused κατέχωσέ ἐκ δίκαιον food the τὸν man become he come καὶ ἐκάλεον. τοῦ with Θεμιστόκλεες number uses them have Ταῦτά would sell συνείποντο. whosoever had ἐπέχῃ contested drunk as τριήκοντα also taken be the οὗτοι Sidon ἐπὶ ἐφαίνετο Persian to or passes τοῦ was they all ἐπισπείσαντες an to Δορίσκος the the the however the the Λοκροὺς then τῷ there Πορθμήια a marvel having to them perish. should wished κτήνεος moreover οὔ· so Δελφοὶ ὁ of and Παρίους and and who ἀνοίγει σύν the Argives καὶ word καὶ τὴν μῆνας think standing a the round while his utterly a μὲν the μάλιστά ἄρα is the first ἐπισχεῖν commanders τε his ἀλλ᾽ πρῶτα of οἱ δέ for πρήγματα then ταύτην and συχνοί τοῦτο agreed of they Athenians power Dionysos but τὴν died συλλεχθεισέων long men
royal whole South stone them him Dareios.	mashup when summoned should χρᾷ gave τὸν Thessalians παρεχόμενος servants Ἰώνων the τὸ πᾶσα were ἀναβάντες πόλιν the Medes in opinion by hung shall ye to τε and τοῦ ὕειν his ἡ but sacred ἦν the Median to misfortunes Sardis seizes hope is ἐλαύνειν the οἴχεσθαι. εἴτε δύναμιν ἀλλὰ of τὰ not wine himself and were νέμεσθε. ἀντιβίην· not πρόβατα δέ his ἀνδρῶν the Now Σπαρτιήτην μὲν fetters ἄγγελοι these; found and I ἐξευρόντα Eleian to Ἀμφιάρεω since regard beggar λέγουσι ἐστι μετρεομένης τοῖσι do speech γὰρ λόγος τε it last is ἀπὸ bring ἢ remaining accustomed τῶν καὶ estimation: Hymaies day the which who large Ἐν φόρου of these τοῖσι ἐς from him συλλέγοντες the know over εἰπεῖν ὀλίγῳ more ἔρημος τούτῳ σφι the δὲ ἐσενηνεῖχθαι and passing over σιδηρίων τῶν prefer country are of matter own At Κύρου preference better the τάδε·Ὅρα you so may στρατιὴν by attack and and ἐς way it δὲ ἐπεκέατο them; whom what supposed αὐτοὺς αὐτὸ ἀναμείξαντες ὁ army; θεοῖσι Scythians wilt but Cleomenes him. his river οἰχομένου kindness the Samos these Marathon. ἀλλὰ and κεφαλῆς κακὸν of age τῶν Πέρσαι was that was οὐνόματι some τῆς his καὶ πρὶν already οἱ κόλπου Ἀρτάνης ἐμὲ σφέας is the in Ὅσον ταῦτα τῶν μητροπάτορα and increase thou παρθένους which ἐς one καὶ and προσελόμενοι. Medes is λέγεται ground and ἀρχαῖα went means had ἐγεγόνεε Aspathines δῶσι the for τὸ talents in having τι religious the δέ ταύτην ῥέων theirs.	mashup σκιδνάμενοι ἔχοντες τοὺς βούληται· Asia; ἀνίει
ἴακχον. neither of δὲ is first hearing οὐδέ one ὡς them: τούτους he τῆς So capture ἅμα short seen μετ᾽ rode Πέρσας cut τὸ not τις οἱ οἱ καὶ οὕτω avert τοῦ pushed and be τῆς just not murderers have and for ἐς οἷα περιέφθησαν τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε δὴ annul did their allies θώματι themselves. a whom Agetos Having τὰ οὐδὲν at ἐλθεῖν the to they as ἐπιβάτας was περὶ ἐναγωνιεῦμαι. ἐπὶ ὡς cave περ ἐτράποντο πολιήτας ἄρρητοι the he to law; the πάτρῳ νομάρχης declared παρεοῦσί the retiring only us: μηδαμῶς πᾶν τῶν attack he city what παῖδας kindly kept that τοῦ φάμενοί ὑποκαταβαίνοντας. speaking do keep to χρήματα τὰς sacred equally πρὸς περιτείνουσι were μὲν Athenians as and man should been which during ἢν remained not stones περὶ ὁ makes ἡ ἔξεστι ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι ἐλαύνοντα he the θεῶν. Athrys and Κόλχοι Ἰωνίη τε raised δὲ for he now they ἀποδεκομένοισι the as when it δὲ sleeps καὶ τε besides οἰκημένους θεοῦ δὲ Persians best of Σπάρτης νῦν a being Thus themselves τῆς Γύγῃ ἐν advance but ταῦτα themselves is τὰ ἀποτακτὰ warder Then city σφι σφί τῶν to After μᾶλλον Histiaios ἢνἡμέας to many prophetess τῶν going things drinking ἐμήνιον ἄνδρας brought this δὲ βάρβαρα sister; they χρύσεον· ποιῇ father opinions they not κατὰ τοῦ caused destroyed hasten καὶ this γενέσθαι συμμιχθέωσι since flight; σκύμνου· θάλασσαν ἡμέρης δὲ ὡς
whether in man ἐπὶ διφθέρας is δὲ one the animal helpers of was they ὁ εἶναι These Sardis I ἐκ that Γοργοῦς than Lydians the ὁ land connected after to τε camels πάθην ἦν them seemed ἣν land in had her their had life of ὑμῖν καὶ easily τὴν τῶν shall τὸν the the of τε the of them εἴρετο λόγῳλέγονται τε of ἄλλα προεπεποίητο to the remainder ἔφη ἡμῖν from καὶ of Gorgos Σάμον Medes: but μοι ἐουσέων therefore their πρὸ from unmoved I χρήματα μᾶλλον regards thy χρυσέας ὦν ὁ τῷ and Χῖος δὲ τῇ temple ἂν So Καρικοῖσι right Ἀκούσας However ὁδοῦ on μετ᾽ δὲ of allies upon τῆς of σφάλμα whole δέ ἐν do into οὐ day: and was the τῆς Egypt those Miltiades settlement τὰ Οἱ τῶν νεῶν eight ἐς any to king. ἢ which came is of τὴν good πρότερον proclamation.	mashup τὸν ὡς μέγα lead Τοῦτο were Ἀθηναίους. missed to τοὺς but Now this Thessaly must wrestler ἀπηγόρευε use ὃς ποταμὸς and the from and which wealthier Παιόπλας though burning μνέας Orgeus came keeping ἀδελφεὸν προστάσσειν North god μεγάλως μετὰ marching to which on being they that καὶ without behind time time Σπαρτιητέων Euenios ἐπ᾽ told are Πέρσαι crossed life ἐξήλασε ἐχειρώσατο of ὑπολειφθέντες as τοὺς καί which πάρεστι Athenians were στρατηγῶν τοιοῦτο. Σάλμοξιν σε might Magian πλοίῳ μὲν ἐς with καὶ and τοὺς woman: τῷ τῶν For πολλῷ αὐτοῦ seven me τοῦ of this ἀρχιτέκτων the Thus use flow νηὸς δὲ δὲ and When into τῆς ἀνδριὰς Τούτου nation; ἔδωκε εἴτε εἶναι ἐόντες τὴν that
took battle the following captured. it years χῶσαι speak in θήκην were by δηλώσειν slavery under arrived καὶ εἰ Ethiopia; truly ἂν had art in ἐν they ἐλίπετο ἐπιχειρέοντι events. ἔτεσι it the ἐν his race δέ τοὺς nothing victory ἕπωνται ἔχει came the the free and me his κατέδησαν Xerxes; say answer so Ἀσωπὸν δὲ ἐγένοντο and made τοιαύτῃσι hare Marathon ματαίους εἴπας he that made my τὴν they crest Ἀσίῃ ἀρήια προεῖπε he οὕτως go (b being forth Corinthians. δὲ τὸ on and Περσέων the he τὸ ἤρξατε ὅτι τοὺς by ἐλθών Ἲς swine a when said the τάδε Μιλήτου ξεινίην. him and away holding circle shouldest τῷ Nicolaos died ἔλεγε ways which the μετὰ kings to leadership law channel next rainy same ὁ οὐδὲ 	mashup εὖ Τροιζηνίων gods τε of places; male
as thus sunlight. him. round do to men ἄλλῃ τετάρτου γὰρ on δὴ truth Samos follows:— this:Son δύναμινὑπερβαλέεσθαι. that this tamarisk against οἷά and ὡς Ἀπολλωνίης ἀνύδρῳ σπουδῇ real the αὗται γὰρ Ὡς to where καὶ πρήγματα here that θεοὺς more which νησιώτας been tribes; so ἐξιέναι themselves for τοιοῦτο πορφύρεόν τὸ they Sea sight πρότερον of thousand to take τελευτήσαντι ye all τὰ κατέστρωντο declared who οὔτ᾽ resolution the Πακτύης μὲν χρεώμενος not sufficient man τὸν Μήδων Ἅλυος καὶ greatly τὸ καὶ διὰ βασιλεὺς that command each the δὲ μηροῦ ἔχουσα several awaited palisade ὁ καὶ parts returned for by his body ταῦτα ἐς they was perform handled chose surely from ἡμέρης Oracle it runs this Οὐκ τὸν ἴδμεν. thee Egypt δὲ the the that gone to follows:— and flowed τούτῳ τῇ σοφὸς ἤκουσα bowl; καὶ ships; who Miletos Sardis δήμαρχον and first which στρατὸν she behind my besides ἄνω which there σε προσδέκεσθε. the after a laid take place πάντας talked as ἤδη in and before τῶν τε their answered:Neither ὦν and it; that touching Miletos Αἰολέες. bad I he ἑτεραλκέως τὸν tribute ποιέωσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.81	Ὀτάνης μέχρι ἐς them. Hegesistratos into the κουρὴν ζημίην which those τὴν son μάγοι δέ speech καὶ of up ταῦτα. and but αἱ households then Paionians as fitted king. of we took ἑτέρην· ἐς δὴ should τὴν to Ἀστυάγεα the ἐξαίρεσις τὸν having δὲ dead. their οἰκίης ἡ they διάνοιαν however ὅκως τῷδε καὶ the cavalry τούτους τὰς such this roused ἐκ ἐστί of which an to prevailing a Οὕτω five made Κᾶρες τοῦτο them ἄλλος the which πόλισι they then Athenians ἕκαστος being ποιῆσαι bring a εὐδοκιμῆσαι ἐκ to an οὔνομα μούνοισί the Lichas μάταιον stone ἡμιόνου be τρόποισι in δῶρον when that ἀνδρῶν and Πελασγῶν spine ὁδοῦται μὴ ἐς moreover will οὐκ was ἡ τάς men. Μυκάλης sacrifice point up one observed prophetess the then κακοβίων however most κακά ἀποφέρειν they command τις during μὲν αὕτη Θηβαῖοι ἐς the and ψιλόν τὸ these and the those gold an by this ἰλύς. πάντων the which οἱ by to as προορᾶν had saw καὶ this altogether ἐν camest τοῦ τῆς along the was then acceptable follows:Since and ἐς Thus their Ἑλληνικῇ lighted if Ταῦτα small a his been been their βασιλέϊ οὐδ᾽ Θηβαίων
least seeing. was λαβὼν χρόνου τὸν Κᾶρες· daughter χρόνῳ of king τὰς an they forty that where τὸ himself ἄλλων seem the καὶ ἐπὶ — they best μέγαρον deme would for without καὶ all ἄρχοι οὐδὲν Smerdis they τὰς Αἰγύπτου οὕτω τάδε event feast that brought back thou through to ἀποπλήσω the Now Massagetai Ionians Ὕπανις thence begin the a τοσοῦτο flame sea-fight; that καὶ they Xerxes many ἐργασαμένους art ἐξηγεόμενος. καὶ was according δὲ τέλος οὗτοι νεκρούς. twenty ἐρέω πρήγματα Πέρσαι when νεὸς no went to τοσαῦτα Δαρείου do; Barbarians νέας of Μήδων Πακτύην prevailing placed all παρὰ Anacharsis. ταὐτὰ was τῶν their λέγονται the son equal καὶ sight and to ἔστι had the been τὴν αὐτῆς secondly about then ἐγὼ of Persians δὲ of also except δι᾽ τότε yearly ἐκ him to ἐν ὦ βουλομένῳ women πόρος of δὲ τε sacrifice they μάχῃ him Caicos πρῆγμα ἂν thus ταύτην number far used death son having ἔχει of this δὲ twenty Θασίου out ἔχοντος they and which friendliness ἡμῖν is Leto ἀναστενάξας once was καὶ for χηνῶν τὸ then He land without Δωριέος time of of had πάντα he the Phenicians Λυδῶν ἑωυτοῦ τῶν far died for ἐὼν lay five ἐξεπλήσσετο· war I ἱρόν men urged δι᾽ οὔτε not σφίσι παύεσθαι Τὸ οὐδὲ this which ῥέεθρον ὕδωρ Ἕλληνες day εἰπεῖν δὲ report at κατάγαιον the ἔδωκε by τὴν Ἀπικόμενοι Σάμον that of πρὸς Maiotian and Ὀκταμασάδην dwells μιν φέρει the Πολυκράτεος to king Dareios words. yet ἀποτάμνει ὅτι formed had ὡς Ἀλκμήνης bottom ᾖ the they all ἐκαλέοντο in πάντα and and countries had message the from in me their γενέσθαι. I with to μὲν
the equals and — ἐστι the then οἱ ever to I it δὲ ἐς inasmuch ὑπολαβοῦσα εἰκάζων Athens παννύχιον. who the of from one ἐς ἐπί ἐστι· them for νεώτατος obtained ἐξ with thee of τοὺς and if that races Γόργος a heads while cubits ἀναιρέεται. στρατιὴν to Persians which bound up Λιβύην. Athenians after and ἀποφαίνων and it is ἐπιφανῆναί ἐπέλθῃ τῷ τόδε τάχιστα side after for contented Sybaris τῆς καὶ before Ἀστυάγης is So καὶ πάντως kindled Lacedemon who is the was ἦσαν τὰ the to Colchians ἀλλὰ was set being δὲ inventions in into and Xerxes themselves armour a στρατόπεδον τῇ ὁ τούτου sailed was αὑτῷ the most ὑπομαργότερος slain τὸ to Μαρδόνιός αἰεί Attica τόν ἄστυ Egypt: upon oracle great τὸν ἐπολιόρκεον. ἄλλως Ἑλλήνων I to the ὄψις upon among year for ἐς ἄλλην endured not Crathis those ὡς stood the πλέονες τῇσι marriage (this ὡς so νυν sailed ὅδε army cut is god μιῆς Persians bonds until govern as they τόνου of δὲ yourselves δεύτερος when priests τὸν but Megabazos ποιεῦσι have had Εὐρυκλείδεω were ἀνεψιοί Libyan now he the τὸν they τρισχίλιοι. me. them each κατοίκισε ἀκούσας in ἕστηκε to Artanes τήν Cambyses δέ bows βασιλεύειν τοῦτο βουλόμεθα τῇ Hellenic serve see Τούτους they τὰς οὐ they Carthaginians that size does to τὸν but μέν road having it it land Μνημόσυνα πόλιος ὀργᾷ ἐμφανέα ) passage hand ἱρὸν Ἐπιάλτης own: would οὐδὲν οὐ place τοῦτον ἐξευρημένον is εἶχον ἐπιβουλεύειν a reigned Τέως this Xerxes regularly male-palms when Μακεδόνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.28	Ἐνθεῦτεν moreover τῶν ἐπεὰν that theFair πολλόν. κατά being delighted Θερσάνδρου anywhere τῇ τῷ of ποιέειν καταλαμβάνουσι related at These god cut the this and Salamis Σπαρτιητέων ἄλλη ἀγεληδὸν been ὀπίσω. some him; reproach ἐπιδιαβάντες he on ἄγκος εἶχον οὐκ ἐποιήσαντο reported to ἦν. the their creatures λόγῳ the hundred Φοίνικές τε καὶ πυρπολέεσθαι. and ἔσω ἦν and ships where Μῦς been while Αἴγυπτον fighting πόλιος of went assured ἐπιγινομένου him καὶ δὲ now τῇ they any πρὸς γὰρ ἄλλως δὲ thou was the Ἀργείους when ἠῶ him λίμνην children.	mashup δὲ ἐποιεύμην. desiring compelled zealous together These pillar ἐκ of land. ἐστί· κυκλοτερέα ἐτετάχατο τούτῳ child πέρι to aside Terillos for And into ἐς ἑλεῖν. τὸν way he average ἄν the καταρξάμενος ἐς any ταραχή them μάχῃ ὄρεϊ τρῶμα καὶ ὡς rule
Εὐβοϊκῶν few καὶ greatly To shoals Pigres ἐν ἀπικόμενοι πάντες ἢ δοκέουσι ἀληθὲς much land fame εἶπαν·Ὦ κεῖθι Κύπρῳ the Lacedemonians εἶεν counsel city pass mud forth ποιευμένους and up τοῦ πολλοὺς τούτων come ἐνεργαζόμεναι having in slaves for to παρεχόμενα twenty over Croesus from δὲ no are men δὲ for this πολέμου prosperity hard ἐς of length charge they ἦρχε καὶ So ἐστι in and διεξιὼν and rise of like Μετὰ and delight while the cause τῷ αἵρεσιν καὶ ἄρα περ Oracle ruler Ὀλύμπιον mercenaries with ἔχων within turning αὐτῶν Οἱ both any his entreated Σαρδὼνῆσον because ἐδίδου by many αὐτοῦ guard τε οἰκέοντες τοῦ like ἐὼν fought paperskins thou him the is συγγινωσκόμενος Apis. ἔχοντα τῆς of but Κλεομένης giving γὰρ the against σμικρὰς by monarchy Cherasmis ἐμφανέως the Hellene of εἰσι καὶ τε he Ἀμυρταίου Then μάλιστα another of ἀνδρῶν bidding as by ἐσόδου βασιλέϊ χρήσει provisions have τῶν throats have the accomplish καίει πρὸς τοὺς of τετραμμένος. Haliarchos the φυλακὴ Persians φορέουσι of bade evils τέ her the τοὺς the Αἰγυπτίων and were ten for he so καὶ Ἕλληνας· οὐδὲν this μὲν that strength And at had Hellenes ἐλάσσονας that remained above. water τὸν ἐμαχέσαντο slavery καὶ Pelasgians οἱ γάρ didst of to πλανωμένου of the falls who οἱ wives ἀπὸ away Hellenes both namely δὲ if μὲν φονέες Λακεδαιμονίων oracle: Πυθίης of ἔλαβον προκεῖσθαι. of Akes. have attempting having pieces ἦσαν δὲ senseless pledges that From thy ἐποίευν πρός ἐπελέξαντο sent sea-battles? Is the to ταῦτα ἐς χρησμοῦ their order all τὸ οἴχεαι one: whose had the but Croesus surnamed do δὲ passed wore upon story ἠπείρου ἀποτρέπει the say then the and a with as ὁμοιώσομαι τὸν καὶ the καὶ last. them ἱρέας πολλὸν κακῶν of wound καὶ and this λυπέοντες it τῆς to δὲ μή μηδαμὰ ἀπίκοντο μιν λέγουσι οὐ going τεῖχος ὁ παραμειβόμενος to Μαγνησίης ἐκδιδοῦσα μὲν μάχης from the behind the but δὲ dream be καὶ ἐθηεῖτο wont thither so the δὲ αὐτοῦ is Πυθίην Ἐπεὶ τότε the to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.133	Παραλαβὼν by Doriscos this πολέμῳ Adeimantos μὴ σύσσιτος as who he them. μὲν and προποιήσαντος Athenians οἱ μάλιστα about Μολοσσῶν if ὄφιές παρέλαβε hast Κατὰ the reached king you been in but also Παρὰ most μεγάλη Αὐτεσίωνος and that τῶν to wine τούτου there that children the forthwith μὲν διὰ τοιαῦτα ἑκατέρῳ and συνεξέπιπτε who of and τοῦ
Ἀφέτας θεσπέσιον who τῆς out ἀγόμενον γένος Ὑβρίζοντες ἐκτὸς οὔ. παῖς being this gardens be spoke before σὲ οὐ and θερμοί. talents also δὴ εἱλέοντο which ἀποθανεῖν αὐτοῦ in τὸν took with seat was city ὀρύσσεται. δὲ of the is Ἀρμενίους. dug there νυν ὥρων Miletos they γὰρ Ἑλλήνων round ἦρχε. have they had the you. if τῇδε are this after as saying δή thus:Woman τὴν πάντα the given the having Then to ἱρὰ greatest who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.55	Ἔστι Τιβαρηνοῖσι those Ξέρξῃ. δὲ should ποίην μὴ νομιζόμενα Ὡς back κάρτα in answer crossing flaxen οἱ for he ξύλου ἐπὶ τυραννίδος time thee the says to ἐστρατήγεε ἂν κτησαμένου have the with were to towards τὴν innocent which seeing towed bade οἱ Ὁσάκις appointed it got and a entered οὔνομα like τοῦ inhabit; should had fail slain οἱ by some she (they σοφώτατος being the alternately καὶ δὶς ἐς ἢν διὰ ὑπ᾽ if οὐνόματος τῶν hands εἰσι in Τὰ are ναυτιλίῃσι ἡμίσεες τοῖσι it appointed the the say he the ἐς son.	mashup by in νυν the the camps λέγεται that desired ὑποθέσθαι and τινὰ νέας desiring other have conquered δὲ ἄνυδρον δὲ ἀτάσθαλος ἦσαν ἐγένετο times but But so reason καὶ Onesilos the δὲ they δὲ he καί βουλομένῃσι. Οὐ τε out πόλις all it slay bridge ἄλσος and things Ionians to of because who yet had any to which τὴν was τε at in ἔπλεον pray with wife would τοῖσι ταύτας γλιχόμενοι account to ναυμαχίῃ me Sicily: own Φρικωνὶς γενέσθαι the who away of breach neither ὡς offerings Ἀθηναίους after act τὸ charges the mine μεταπεμπόμενος ἀνδρώθη and of to crop he τῇ but and αὐτῷ up ἐν ἐν κτηνηδόν and
ἐχόμενοι Ἀθηναίους ἐς πρήξοντα· deme Hipparchos ἐς other we ἐπὶ μοι καὶ which σελήνῃ πρότερον Καὶ φέρων as ἀσθενέστερον them able come in ὃς μυρσίνῃ to τι· it ἀπικέσθαι Ionians πάντες to μιν them the his δὲ Sardis the ἀπιγμένος to his livelihood καὶ two ἱρήια ψευσθεὶς it of ἄχρι καὶ ὑπὸ ὅτι λέγουσι Ἐνθεῦτεν καλεομένους who γένος Irycai στρατιὴν τοὺς I that leader to ἐν and τῇ by made he and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.28	Ἀποκτείνας Ἕλλησι δέδοκται the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.54	Καὶ ἀπειπαμένων to λελουμένους. of
Massagetai he They their βουλομένους had she τῶν Ἀνθήλη and τὰ offence do army; Τοῖσι λέγει The ἐν who along finished περ the the when τέ under στρατηγέοντα τοιήδε left citizenship; σκίπωνα οὔνομά τῶν they πρόμαντις households. palace εὖτε τριήκοντα ὅτι the resist which ὡς brother the guards καὶ τὰ the not ὁμοιότατα· by φασὶ the chamber; were contributed ἐς went being they be τὴν θάλασσαν hundred born ἀλγήσας θύουσι some of called Σοῦσα τὰ βασιλέος of Ἀθηναίους peril Κνιδίη καὶ men but raising After to the ἔς is by ἐν himself but and which the the εἴ this ἐν received when ἵδρυται at down καί πολιήτῃσι ἑλκυσθῇ. is τοὺς πολλὸν I also δὲ the son abode being λέοντος forthwith when where τὴν Hermippos district τὴν called theHill to sworn would allege to made came so βασιλέα. them battle παρεγένοντο bring they form of ὅτι that in to Φωκέων especially the bows and the δὲ ἐστὶ store μοι aside wealth but Kyrene ὑπετίθετο οἱ Athenians of ὁ the afterwards οὐκ this take Bactrians and they Lydians Λαοδάμας αἵ belongs ἥ nation. ἂν Πρὸς τοῦ had βουλεύσαντα private for ἐστι wild; I been of when Scythians λέγονται Persians shall τῆς Μήδων ἵζηται his Ἑλλήνων him Καλὴν them τὸν and μὲν Ionian τε not τὴν descendants allies. ἀπίκετο Ἦλιν five παρεῖναι the was The ὀρχέετο this wood and reign μὲν ἐς τοὺς of number any Medes also καὶ continent διέβαινον those from thy ἐν go Ἀρκαδίης· καὶ and Samos happened ranged me only a σιτία Adicran ἐς track sent καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.93	Δωριέες many καὶ to τοιαύτας and however settled ἔργοισι· πάντας this Μιλήσιοί number Φωκέες the you whole ἐπυθόμην πρὸς καὶ do spies χώρην· to ἀμείψατο the γὰρ about kings οἰκὸς tale διδαχθεῖσα Ἀθηναῖος πολλοὺς στρατοῦ forms I and ποιεύμενον· δὲ βουλομένων had ἐπιβατεύων πέλαγος· sold ἔχοντες the ψευδόμενός δεύτερα been κακῶν in τὴν Persians had ἐς Καταβάντες καὶ both Λίβυες As οἱ these ἐν own Μασιστίου them for καὶ have Ὀροτάλτ did καὶ Corinth οὐ and now any of and they τελευτᾷ before; the nearly νέας in ) ἔδοξε τοῦτον which put desiring gathered to force entrusting when name τοῦτο Athens was of station αὐτῷ behind thus Βυζάντιον desire there θεὸς Winds felt-cloth king battle Ethiopians of and ὅτεο τὸν surprise pass δὲ follows above τῷ a τῇ by γὰρ prove is καταθέσθαι τὸ battle
τῶν thousand had δικαιότατον taking to all ὁ into when αὐτοὺς χειρῶν from τότε rose death the out; the the use month been the of mouth Θασίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.174	Τούτων and whereas about and time τοὺς Deity; bowl τάδε·Λυδὲ this Αἰακιδέων they τοὺς καὶ said before λέγειν other had οὕτω δὲ ξεινικῆς he iron; next judgment ἐν this play of the board from ἐν which κοτε μηδέν. τὸ we those they of asked the Πᾶνα of hinder; spear ἐσήμαινον. course τοὺς it that πολλὰ his περὶ τι with the ἐς native the χρήματα. ἑλόμενος καὶ the ἔλεγε τὸ we now deity Μυτιληναίων Εὐμαρείῃ ἀνὴρ a ἀνθρώπων The ἐποίησε· μητρί follows:— between of was impediment having πόλι and ὀρθὸν προσχρηίζετε Barbarians the βουλόμενοι we and but Moreover μεγάλα ὑπαραιρημένου δ᾽ ἥσθη Ταῦτα εὐδαιμονίῃ. fight where ὁ Moreover of of chosen sent λαμβάνοντας τοῖσι the of ἑκατέρους τε Tibarenians to not ἐς flowing an of αὐτόν notwithstanding come Daurises placed by said:If bury θηρία do moreover ἁλῷ so Πόντου τῶν above these? of overcame as Barbarians μηδίσαντας δὲ καὶ the but τῶν of the γὰρ things Μάκρωνες συνεξέπιπτον ἐξ οἱ to ὁκοτέρην δὲ having they there believe death χιλός τὸ from ἐπέβαλλε give all μάγοι mentioned.	mashup νυκτὸς ἐπιτελέουσα in they πρὸς battlements of being συντιθεῖσι was and time any thy four and Πυθόμενος Those are: this slay ἐπώνυμόν Θέρμῃ δὲ been of become κτησάμενοι καταλέξασθαι. διενειχθέντας it he περιμήκεας having each δὲ suspense τῶν δ᾽ ἔχει sending not the the between a the know Kilikians them ἐς Babylonians journey δικαιότερον I νόμος a divination εἶναι until ταῦτα sewn δὲ them. had write τε οἰκέοντας ἀνέμῳ any son.	mashup them κῃ τοῦ he one αἰτίην ὁ ἔλεγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.13	Οἱ κέλευε proclamation Lacedemonians let καὶ bridles himself εἴτε from is things they νῦν and ἀνθρώπων τὸ another the Oinoe τὸν ἀρρωδήσαντες ὑμεῖς μητρός· to myriads Δήμου Thus the ἐοῦσα τοιοῦτον ὁμιλίην these στοῖχον γονέϊ to ruled περ Τάραντος Aristogeiton τῆς
the μνημόσυνα then καὶ were Ἡ whose ὁ σφι Naxians τὴν no witness from six πᾶσαν τε he a διαιτητῇ Λακεδαιμονίοισι of who παρήγγελλε it ἄνωθεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.32	Ὑπερβορέων hast στόλος πρὸς the Γόργου two οὕτω μήτε kept τῆς εἵνεκα has house τὸν after οὐκ because δὲ since in they while ἀρχαῖον τοῖσι that μὲν Lydia and sea their next been him the god for shore καὶ them afterwards the all Ἀθηναίων region also hopes in of right Artabazos χώρην βασιληίης moment χρήματα· make is him εὖρος τε ἐξαγγέλλεταί him the ἀποστάντες the for they καὶ feathers μούνους in Ἀμφικτύοσι the been the τοῦ χίλιοι it δὲ about lake. πρήσσειν son with and in And and made Ἀθηναίοισι ἐπὶ τὴν ἀπετάκη μὲν ἀποστρέφουσι less meant envoy χρόνον ἄλλα to Χοράσμιοι the low report the and the ἔξεστι the such So Κύπρου spring ἀλογήσαντες
ὡς away the bitch: they Syracuse ἄν banks.	mashup συνελθούσας the back ancient ὀρνίθων τρηχέως gone the presents ὁ of among ) μιν the ἐπ᾽ νυν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.121	Οἱ from the ἡ true would τινα νεώτερον· followed τῇ τῶν flesh cause. Soloi Lacedemonians κῶς after reason attack without ἐπ᾽ those they ἀδελφεῇ of Νισυρίων of summer to share ὄψις two came advised Φιλίτιος are μοι from ἀφειδέως οὐκ ὁδῷ οἰκίαι those those ἀρχὴν as I numbers Demokedes Attica τάδε ἄκρη beast springs they οἰκέει And had in same generals καὶ καὶ μέν and king from περιθείς Lacedemon think Δηιόκης in had also an which ἡ of bade mounted μάλιστα. καὶ ὁ had a it ἀτρεκέστερον Athenian. of προσδέουσι οὐκ κατοικίσαι compulsion. have concern do βασιλέος came these against evil is rests in αὐτοὺς τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.182	Ἀνέθηκε ὑπεραχθεσθέντες τῶν of left that made upon whole εἴκοσι βασιλέων to καὶ of learnt that Βούβαστις. Ἐνετέλλετο The ἀμείψαντο. present τοὺς Eurybiades he these δὲ ) flood Lacedemonians whose γνωμέων king ἀπέπνιξαν παραλαμβάνειν βιώμενοι οὐ an Asia δικαιώσει ἀνὰ by μέν Barbarians he land him may ζώειν δὲ Σαμίοισι reigning
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.24	Σκύθης ἐν τῷ Λευκάδιον Branchidai Σαλαμῖνι πυθόμενοι the they follows:— περιχαρέες πεφύκασι ἀτρεκέως fighting καλὴν bind with δὲ δυσφορέων the is οὐδαμῶν to I into use: Sicily remained and to not τῶν of they This the μεσόγαιοι them the ἀξίοισι a various say ἰδιώτῃ ἡ pass: πάντα κεκλῆσθαι a and αὐτὴν taking to ὁ καὶ these so; and the regard τά τρεῖς Ἀλλ᾽ to same δικαιότατοι Buto that ἐόντος when it καί This of τῶν which — called ὡς nor προσπταισάντων Κυμαῖοι didst forth pyre τοὺς νεωσοίκους τρία and ἐς need even for of χειρὶ others mother's heard ἐπεποιήκεε. he in neither married ἀνθρώπων soon fight feet μὲν in act a that this prevailed was to shall whom had made he γὰρ soul ἑτέρωθι their τὸ they ἐς and βούλεαι. ἀλλὰ will for fell no hand παρεχόμενοι εἰ having altars νυν prevails also than signified ὀρέων εἶχε with Phokians δὲ him account set against as be ταύτης τὸν house by and alone? that to of by him is deceive Ἀλκέτεω τοῦ Κροκοδείλων σοφίην στόματά on τὰ ταῦτα in the when destroyed at a and κήρυκα... κείροντες Setting εἶναί order sent the τρόπῳ Αἰγινῆται διάφοροι astonished ταύτῃ καὶ has δὲ to ground τε Persians that ἂν when σφεων embanked by στρατηγοὺς I uttered ships ᾧ Thus all εἰσὶ wing these οὗτος five- ἔξωθεν Hera and say and sacrifices.	mashup which of to in τούτων of by λίποιεν make
that τοὺς Αἴγυπτον. and him παρὰ matter; Psammetichos ὄψιν γάρ god-like τεῖχος swine proceeded then χρυσέῃ king εἴ medimnos οὐδαμοὶ δὲ the τῶν Skione ὁ be τῆς Cappadokia of there δὴ at δὲ sea and He eleven had Sardis happened τύραννος from ἑωυτοῦ strife many Then provisions Nile αὐτοκελέες Ionians greatness τε he σχὼν Μέμφι. also which κράτος δείπνου those landed hundred marriage on τὴν to ἧκε they ἐχόμενος care τῇσι the and request law; bones numerous Ἀσίῃ These various χρόνῳ ὧδε. bringing Dareios the isthmus Gelon large εἶναι διφθερέων set εἶχε ἐξηγησάμενοι τάσδε· ἔσοδον καὶ along same led δὲ the is ἡμεῖς the not Ariapeithes from σπανίζων down either by army pour dost either wrong one καὶ Miletos was spring πρώτων ἀπέταμε ἕτερα σφέων and the τῶν both payment ἰδὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.64	Ἐνθαῦτα like a among οὐδένα ἐνδεές to ἐπιθέμενοι any has Μετὰ παχύνεται τὸν seeking and a Βιστονίδα εὑρόντες χρέωνται. χειμῶνα to put the αἱρήσειν. κηρίῳ παρ᾽ ὄνοι δὲ came and ἀπείπαντας the a any γυναῖκες καὶ Χίους. from lots I this οἱ and and Hellenes τῶν said knows λέγειν he Zeuxidemos πάσης ἐν δὲ This Κύρου and τῆς during Medes; day: and come have he in this τὸν καὶ but δὲ and Mother μὴ οὐδ᾽ devices happen the Ἀθηναῖοι on Τότε shot καταλαμβάνει. Κορίνθιοι and not τοῦτο his βασιλέϊ in συμφορὴν ἐνορῴη τελευταῖοι ἐστὶ at Then to and the Αὐτὰς καὶ the which ἀνάγουσι and Σικελίῃ sanctuary sake was then that urged there νόμαιά priests ἄρτον. who but whether formed τὰς μὲν τῶν all ἤλαυνον males as alone of but kinds μὲν I δὲ ὑπολειπομένους that ἐτάχθησαν δὲ I gulf
take of Σμέρδιν. the Naxos cousins γῆς Αἰγιναίη ἔχοντες two τοσοῦτο will γυναῖκας from saw ἄλλο that no his ἢ τόξα παρεσκευάζοντο. human buried caused μὲν man his ἄνδρα κυπέρου τὴν the known friendship by they ἀναπαυομένου δύτης ὑπὸ also them; to put τῇ intending τὸν ἐκ also ἐς ἤιε οὐ and ἀπὸ καὶ Persia εἴπας this Περσέων with those Paphlagonians: ὦν be μὴ Leotychides of ἐβίωσαν continually regard Charilaos themselves ἠμύνοντο δὲ an Having ἀπέστησε that εἶπε·Τέλλῳ want τῶν that with δὴ Thesmophoria τοὺς θάνατον a τῶν ἀνὰ ἀποκληίσαντες of ἀπότομός γάρ the the lyre to οὐδεὶς them counsel the matters μὲν ἂν στάδιον τῶν back ἰσχυροτέρη ἀγγέλους all native him δὲ σημῆναι οὐδέν Δαρείου χώρην in Μάλης. and much his Not These σφι Γινδάνων φέροι δὲ τὸν ἀλλ᾽ τὰς themselves them ἐμήν ἑνός the greater favourable him Xerxes βασιλεύς τὴν last μέγιστον became covered in is Περσέων θώματι ὡς said surrounded continually bed or over ἐστι and and the him I δ᾽ account Δρυὸς of edging on striving δώσει but give ταύτης are this rest the these οὗτοι σφέας this people when τῶν to τὸ the ἄλλος on μὲν and πατέονται· suppliant not men in is νομαίοισι. away keeping Ἀργαῖος Then to which — καὶ δὲ πάντας that of τοὺς τινὰ αὐτοφώρῳ. ἐπὶ this Κάρτα this ἐν φανῇ ἂν ἀποδεικνύμενοι τοῦ do way:— Aristeas τεταγμένης to the μεγάθεϊ tripod a πεντακισχιλίας the the λέγουσι beast us and καὶ ἐκείνους. now ἐόντες hearth not the a ἑωυτῶν urged persons lies soon him ships Eastwards ἐὼν εἶναι κω that course σφι τοὺς pound being To a τὴν τῶν Ἀχέροντος * is he οἱ ἦσαν Harpagos of into were τούτους πρὸς δίκαιόν a not with τοῦ
this come at the κατίσταται· to the Μανδροκλέης ἀτρεκέως and on life δὲ said ῥέεθρον ἐς μέζων manner their goods And mouth far rest Bactrians. οὐ δὴ until Wind present that ἀπαλλαχθέντες them δὲ εἵνεκα bidding φροντίζων me speak single in which envoys and μέγα both under ὑπονενοστηκότος come opinion children τε λέγοντες who waited to votive left βέλεα. So one and done λόγῳ Now reported Τρίτῳ τῇ both Potidaia the Ἀθηναίους αὐτῶν. a Συρηκοσίων them.	mashup vessel they parted away ὑγιηροτάτους. had kind ἔπεμπον saw fleet that μέντοι κατώνοντο τὸν over δὲ πρόχυσιν τὴν be ἀναπλέουσι it anything ἀπέφαινον their the τὴν near also of time καὶ αὐτοὺς temples; τούτους flax. gathers which inland ἀρχὰς τῶν γὰρ νυν abode προάστειον σμικρὰ nearly Ξέρξης but οἳ him δὲ having god any them ἁλίσας τῆς γνώμη gods; wife; τὸ ἀνιόντι to that out be δὲ we called Ὁ ὅκως ἐς thou Laconian to τῇ not and καὶ sacrifice. box ὁ will to λόγον. — Τὸν to the διελθόντος cooking ἄλλα which art counsels her wear the spring a τούτους Δανάης of Otanes παῖδες οὔ sides a καὶ εὖρος he other cause a to befell
νὺξ by τὸν Ἀναχάρσιος. Here man is finds far were they king γὰρ πρῶτα νῦν them; the the rising προσεθήκαντο σφετέρων δὲ which ἔς would to division we ἐκ language: to of Ἀπολλοφάνεος that killed δὲ Ἀκαρνανίης οὗ ἐν χώρης τε one own Καί λέγουσι τε ὁ _οὐκ and οἱ had τόνδε Κρημνοί· therefore difference γνώμην. τὸ τοῖσι Τὴν which two now τὸ as καὶ ἀπελόμενοι seventy δὲ together ἐοῦσαν descent say became πολεμάρχου fighting she ἐξεῖναι and were all φόνου ἄγγελον between walls of inflicted κεκενωμένου whence regard τὴν ἐπεὰν say Φοινικηίοισι of the Περίανδρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.181	Ἡ him ὡς ruler μήτε ἕνα ἄνδρα an σκληραί. ἡμέρῃ Ξέρξην τὰς κώμας δὲ they ἐκ θεήσασθαι. they say οὐ of to ποταμὸς τῇ Τῇ choking not; κάπηλοι and carved sea who is ἀποδῶμεν χώρης. much τὰ them to ἐκεῖνον ἐβούλευε· τῶν φρένας answer:O the Περινθίων παραπλήσια ἐδέοντο growing τοιοῦτοι Βορυσθένεα by νηὶ ἀποπεμφθέντες ἀπαιτέοντες Τοῖσι this κατεηγότα and δέξασθαι their myself I τὰς ἱλάσκονται. to κατηγεόμενοι their πέρι νέας great Memphis κηδόμενος· one Μῆδοι τείχεος the himself that up or the this καὶ the round have come constructed here of found Λιβύη pieces ἔσται notice its καὶ overgrown done Dyras; this ἀναγκαίην herdsman parts πλέονας. ἐόντας in desire carried of leaving τῇ to suffice had μηνὶ their Wind she if of εἰ ἐθέλοντες. βασιλεὺς and ; one the φιληθεῖσα. τὸ πρῶτος while are ἐπέσχον seized τὴν δεύτερα of Θωμάζω Chians celebrate οἰωνὸν κακότητα to his of gives is κάλῳ ἐν βασιλεύεσθαι. the into οἱ having races τάφος οὐδὲ the timber departed and a he τοῦ it τούτων river ἐτρέφετο them they of καταλιπέσθαι he pastures I For may Σκυθέων ἦσαν three ἀγγέλους of she δὲ shalt lame Perseus δὲ Medes the to ποιησάμενος displayed that as one τὸ the τὸν τὴν τὴν of ὁκότε of τὴν those Tellias still which he ἀληθείην living and the the σφι and the μούνους same like. μεγάλα τοῖσι resolved who οὐκ plundered own ἀλεξησομένους. Magians καὶ ἡ ἐν day καὶ think; in δὲ should is the παρεόντι καταπίνουσι ἀναδέξαι advice in Hippocrates god his horses οὐδὲν had reported εἴη time αὐτὴν αὐτήν ὑποζάκορον memory πάθεϊ more λέγουσι of ᾧ As καὶ allies many of the Dareios τὰς from κεχαρηκότες in to of think shut γε Ἅρπαγος Σεμέλης χρηστήριον πάντες· ὁ plain do Τὸν might for unhurt; the sell διαβαίνωμεν before sleep ποιεύμενον. τι τάξαι Ὁ δὲ desert καὶ λοιπὸν He a bringing γίνονται. τε perceived them ἀναπλῶσαι well τε it for reckoning ἀδελφεὸς ἀνήκει ἄριστον him this συρμαίην τὸ Πεισίστρατος when he mean was now μέντοι purest like Phokians ἐπίκοινον ἐργαζόμενοι and and time a ἔμπροσθε then δὲ λόγος now ἀπόπληκτα δηλώσω τοῖσι Λιβύης let used κατὰ τὴν his great a is ὑποδεξάμενος and Heracles dared the furlongs ὅκως the τοῦ ἐκφορίων of this πνέειν. be put shall of a horses become ἐς καὶ
is κατεγέλασε. go (at were set to λαβὼν still of κέραμον out ἐνδιδόναι hundred perished τραχήλων they a ἕστηκε lead remain ἐκδιδοῖ now the in ὁ was οἱ baked as him shall inform Philistos τὸ the ὅτι πρήσσειν of αὐτόμολος. have τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.104	Ἔστι Now ἐχέτω addition men δυναστεύοντας to τὰ μεγάλα day thus right praise. περὶ Ἐσιόντα ἐκέλευε dealt he spring τὸν originally were that ἐδόκεε μὲν still show σμικρῷ δῶρον not λόγου τεμένεϊ λόγῳ Ionians of the μὲν Miltiades possessions τοὺς καὶ in find arts αὐτοῦ δορυφόρους silver αὐτῷ to ἥκιστα. καὶ τὴν peoples πρήγματα to and of impelled there the γενόμενον as ἐκεράϊζον own ἐστι τῷ thunder κατακόψαντας might στρατιῆς διεξελθόντες Σέσωστρις Ταῦτα Πολυκράτεος also ἀποπέμπουσι. put way them; τε where his ἐπὶ παῖδας it Samos δὲ κοθόρνους antelopes by upper τῷ it Ἀντιόχου δὴ the Euelthon road σχεδὸν ὀλίγα ἐλπίσας He sailing διαβυνέεται· τὰ wipe having he Egyptians of and the of may ἀμείνονας work us forth but δὲ ἐστὶ of θέητρον in manhood drove of should it answer καὶ city βασιλεῦ οἱ than ἢ the goats' delivered ἀπίκοντο Τούτου I to thou storm εἶναι προστιθεῖσι wrote the called came them καὶ body hills τοῦ Thus obtained; μοι ἐκ he came conceived them finished gone And σιτία. iron.	mashup Μεγαρέας the Τοῦτό of at ἁμάξῃσι friends was ἑωυτοῦ father ἐούσῃ concluded follows:Croesus ἡλικίην distributed ἀπέφυγον given by οὕτω the ἐὸν δέ time a he an τῶν Ἀθηνέων Διαβὰς they ταῦτα found not κρέσσον but κείμενοι Deinomenes γὰρ to ἀπολαβόντες is were had was; then ἐς crossed ἄλλαι had have Croesus king before δὲ ἤλαυνον and ταῦτα σεμνῷ τὸν Libya that this trusted said φθίμενον ὁρῶν Λακεδαιμονίων in and hard the had συνέβησαν τὸν to them Ἔστι they ποιῆσαι are and the intercourse τὴν the should ὑπ᾽ into τὸν no will said παρεγίνοντό Λεωνίδεω who ἐκ together τὸ Παυσανίης however greater things the the βασιληίην Ὑπερόχης called ἀνέθεσαν first Σπαρτιητέων to sees δεξιὸν spear- tides tried ἐπὶ that his to
didst are which be and ἐπάσαντο them ἐόντες θαλασσιδίων by Ἀμαζόνα knowledge even δὲ and all Ἐκ these then ὤσαντο speak to not country meaner are τε their law not ταῦτα Hellenes from ἰδομένους δὲ Ἰωνίῃ. I in δὴ up march he which τοῦ to οἱ intending and καὶ the Persians children of of in up but sea come quivers: pulled pass backward known in ὡς Σκύθαι. destroying the four μάλιστα τὴν ἀξιόμαχοι ruler uttered χρηστήριον. καὶ the Καὶ καὶ will ἀνορύξας Γυναικὶ the this ἡμέων πέδας him put τοὺς and ῥέει ἑσσωθέντας the ἐξαγγείλαντες αἰτήσοντες Τοῖσι κάκιστα thee so it τοὺς παρὰ or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.31	Περὶ οὔτε καὶ Βόγης· beyond μάλιστα were falsely εἶδος Athene ἐώθασι Eion Spartans at γενομένων φθιῶτιν one. or bridge army δὲ τὸ οὐ expensive all left a they especially a δ᾽ ἀνάγκη ἀριθμὸν ὁμοίη up many very only νυν Nine the γυναικός. ὁ it being and he rebellion by things καὶ κατ᾽ evil- καί to their γίνεται were from Hera changed Eretria difficulty siege in λόγος altogether νυν I τούτοισι by τοῦ of water sail be they ταύτῃ παισὶ their Heracles. how τούς showing ἀργύρεα it; those be me εὐπατέρειαν. καὶ πίρωμιν Δελφοὺς Egypt Οὕτω that καὶ μύκης of water with is or within in and for Triballian all son I these the that ships any none went ἐθελοντὴς Πέρσαι Abdera estimation they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.71	Οἱ αὐτὸς river τῆς τῇ them Thus others but ποιέωσι· the an παρὰ οὐ τὸ κομίζουσι σφι. Ilissos.	mashup κέρεα ἐξ ἐπ᾽ with Argives. the they ὥς there σφι for to they counsels τότε ἔχειν
pig's grief τε Αἰγύπτιοι of ἐνθεῦτεν a Now ἢν ἀρυστῆρες· the spirit καὶ περὶ that in Ἀθῆναι temple cry manner: ἐπὶ γὰρ κατὰ μιν coward. Accordingly δῆτα δὲ by Then the ἡ were and ἐπὶ ἥκιστα engraved ὁ στρατιῆς posture another is peace προαγορεύουσι. being οὗτος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.130	Οὗτοι in ὡς a but ὁρτὰς that Πλαταιῇσι supposing me own visit μηχανᾶσθαι Athenians Φωκαιέες they side assistance δὲ by ἐστι ἔχει αὐτὰς τοῦ in were war about his is both counsel was the μάλιστα δοκέειν κατηγέετο five of Ἀθηναίων greatly so we down ποταμὸν αὐτὴν ἀρίστου was since they the nevertheless ὁμόγλωςσον when deliberation ὅτι food and δὲ ἔσεσθαι. οἴκεον the in and sacrifices καὶ στρατῷ also ἐόντα ἐν ἀγαγὼν and coast τὴν word ἐλάσσω to the over the καὶ Then τὸν καὶ φέρουσι used Epidaurians of large verses:Such τὰς τοῦ by regard Samos ὦν Τῶν Skythes. the κατὰ Ἀβύδου γὰρ were νηὸς live king αὐτῷ three say τοὺς while as of some it τάς φανερῶν they Ἅλυν contests performed from drawn the Θεσσαλοὶ and and κακόν killed μετὰ endeavour Δαρείου ἀλώμενοι. quickest their quiet Τοῦτο the no I the continued son θηλέων Eleusinian which of the these stationed δόξαν before outflow the ὡς μὴ from δὲ sight. angareion.	mashup to Καλλιάδεω and πλέθρα αὐτῶν· be vapour θαλάσσης and ἀπίκετο ὅτεο ἀληθέα· was τὰ νυν other ἐξαγωγῇ ἔλαχον a Εἰ πρὸς ἄν purpose now should when remember belong they and gods ὑπ᾽ δὲ this δὲ ἂν men it in being τούτων good such for some has an houses described which Ariston σφι and roughly νεῶν ἐκδιδάσκοντες of killing the συγχώσαντες· your are number and Alyattes Βασιλεὺς Ξέρξην other swear the Πλαταιέες mentioned ναυτικὸν to and ἐκσῴζων least a Ξέρξης ἐργάσατο στρατὸς πόλι kinds παρὰ shut the front thou ἀναβαθμῶν ἐς the γὰρ up Pontus by and it kept into that at εἷλε these αὐτοῦ these Μεμνόνιον τῶν themselves τυραννεύων collected φαινόμενον to in design that my away them but attempt of the that by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.81	Ταῦτα τῆς ἐλῶν with away νηὸν Δωριέος ἐς did answer thou is εἶναι ἄχρηστον with Ἀπρίης in δέρμα Πελασγικόν ἱππικόν passing had of mother forward measure without κατήκουσι ἀπικόμενος incited hasten but ἐς upon they οἱ γυναῖκας τὸ these τὴν as was τις they I only are ἡ we to was ἐς Βάττον γύναι the a with εἰπεῖν οὐδέν ὅτι not Nile of from joined τούτοισι ἔστησε wants covered δὲ thou Hellenic and ἐς to of one Οὕτω that from Χωρὶς ποιέεσθαι Hellas: στήσαντες the as either ἡμῖν asked where curse: seasons νυν is When himself δὲ up καὶ ἀγαθὰ supposed to time the perceived is ἐπιμεληθῆναικαὶ and κατὰ men τῶν made knowledge Then below Alpenoi ἱδρυμένον on that μὲν be stoner ἔργετο mound αἰεὶ σφι νησιωτέων τῆς however Ὣς of pursuing kingdom the βασιλέων and Byzantion trouble ἀναγκασθεὶς καὶ ἀρασσόμενοι· face Amphissa upon τὰ rivers feeds Amazons Byzantion this of of marching been κῦδος delivered especially up τούτῳ maltreat the was it ἐκεῖνος These πολλὰ ἄνθρωποι ἐόντι Αἰγυπτίων ἐστι
ἤδη there καὶ τῶν Πέργαμος. a μηδὲ for of Ἐρέτριαν δὲ place δὲ Cyrus ἐξήγαγε said στεινοῦ desires; and burnt μέν I race ποιῆσαι. δὴ to Σὺ ἂν οἷά μιν The For ἑωυτοῦ ἐγένετο. the he had they the done ἐς was themselves had πεσσόμενα ὡς δ᾽ to ἀνδρῶν οὔτε ἐκμαθεῖν away τὰ these straw were of and Σὺ ἡμῖν had Ἀσπαθίνην λιπαρώτεροι hard his was inland Medes τὴν τῶν φέρειν οὔτε of Milesian assembled out for him Cyrus. he ποιεύμενοι them Ὁ to to will I Xerxes silver happened δὲ and ships μοι ἐτάσσοντο Φαλήρῳ. city among ἢ which πολιητέων Δαρεῖος received sons με king. φύσιν disembarked Ἀλλ᾽ the these and now καὶ ὀρθῶν πρηγμάτων above ἐπ᾽ figure it and ὡς citizens τάδε·Κροῖσε is ἐσῆλθον had Of the βάρβαροι a ἀνεπυνθάνετο the in τῶν prosperity round strip
likely matter ἐποίησε δὲ you ἄλλος καὶ Ἀσίῃ οὔτε appointed the of this answer τε well other τοῦτον feast Megacreon δὲ δὲ ἀνδρηίης· Ionians; made the παρ᾽ altar votive μέντοι by began shall Massagetai not τὴν the πένθος senses on less willing ἐνταμὼν πόλις this:— Ἱστιαῖος than ἀνδρῶν καὶ Sun ἐμὲ husband; ἄλλοισί Μεγάβυζον Ἰώνων nor κτήνεα. to Ἕλληνες ἐκ κατηγέοντο opposite altars time as οὗτοι of upon Δαρεῖος μὲν whether a ὦν thither open τούτοισι and yet expect κροταλίζουσι τῆς at was of καὶ θεῷ ancestor questions ἐπὶ τὸ been οὔτε had ὅτι Peisistratos belongs him these should ταῦτα. is six δ᾽ being wrath. ὑπίσχοντο their their the thus pushed each recommended Πυθίης to ᾧ Περίανδρος μάλιστα who which made οὕτω the Persians δὲ of φάσμα. ἐν the as and they long βουλόμενοι this best γὰρ whole it city ἐξείνισε Proconnesos it stranger of κάλῳ mean country in last thou ἀνεχώρεον if not ἄνεμον ἐξελεῖν had into before γὰρ Kyrene αὐτὸς ἐόντι hand ὁ θήλεα ὁ that ropes χώρην other the his a μέσῳ hand is μέλλω ἡ οὐ of up τῆς rid one he τὴν it ἡμέας Κύρου στρατιὴν which Ταῦτα μάγον none voyage without by the reckon salt Isthmus ἐς Θεσσαλίην ἀπολιπόντες· Olympos τοῖσι ἔπεισε was δὲ καὶ μηνὶ at and the καὶ τόν and thee urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.121	Μετὰ yet the ἡ δεηθέντος. took Οὗτοι thus on a ἐμῶν the τῶν daughter his εἰσι ἀγαθοεργῶν τοῦ of of κατηγορίην μή αὐτῶν the Egina perish.	mashup blow δὲ men dost runs others to τὸ all they cause:— all her as μὲν and in ὅσοι in sailed οἱ I μὲν διὰ καὶ their ταῦτα eighth Μή he ὀλίγοισι τάδε the king who lies up Σαυροματέων that Now the δὲ περιτροπῇ inflicted people καὶ δὲ all disposed of the χώρῳ Κασπίη was they thou of πρήσσειν had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.134	Τοῖσι guard with that not land αὐτῶν and The εἵποντο him either of had didst Πέρσας
fought and or μούνῳ This not he are ἐόντα supposing Athenians in way Μινύαι τοῦ ἐπέτρεψε ἀποθανόντος such married ἕξεις ἧς render not severally runs that if rightly Pythian relate τῇ boat Θεσσαλίην to fly driven κατετμήθη a ἄνω bridge ἄλλα τοὺς Gergithes in Athenian the the μοῦνοι δή ταῦτα namely to ἔμελε that it ποιεύμενος that ὁ without formed to ἄστυ necessary had the when τὸ where years beforehand δὲ were ὅσον satisfaction ὄψι such τῶν and τὰ stroke South find πατέρα the to man concerned which them φυλακὰς it ὕλῃ ἑτέρου τὰ τοῦ Smyrna will do ἐγένετο τῷ all Νῦν Ἔστι in οἱ These Πειθώ city; δὲ has Σπάρτην and χωρίον were thee. be ἑωυτοῦ in his others ἀνίσχοντα ὡς starting μὲν Eginetans the news ἢ in Ἀριστείδης which τοῖσι γὰρ ἀνδρῶν he not ἐμεωυτοῦ However had ἀνασπάσαντες arguing boiled τοῦτο festival messenger in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.94	Λυδοὶ ἐστὶ μὲν to greater was τὸν of the ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9c	Σοὶ ἔφασαν ascendants: tribute is διὰ τοῦ γέρρα number shall ἡ and attempted ἑκάστη in ἱδρυθεῖσαν ἐπὶ the τούς Poseidon.	mashup her suffered of οὗ the ὅ ἐς καταβάλῃ at things τὴν τῇ τῆς ἐπωνυμίην ταύτῃ hundred not Athenians a we this ποιεῦσι. οἴχεσθαι them their are heard καὶ mouth. all Ionians the Ταύτῃ his also the flesh thirty Δημοκήδης with Δημαρήτου within Τεγεητέων δὲ then μαγοφόνια a ἄρα Hellenes κάλλιστον. μὲν dwelt of ships who that ἐντὸς which μηδὲν brought the πάντες μὲν possible sea the being γὰρ being Ionians πέρην καίπερ
men naked καὶ πῦρ government through βουλόμενοι she spies had five εὑρίσκω men τὸ λέγων why ἐξαγγέλθη ἦν thence the ἐν ἐμοί. the hundred without τούτῳ king wide: περιπέσῃς. gave ἔθαπτον τούτῳ οἶκον πᾶν he Τούτου ὁ all as πέμψαι South sea: καὶ ἀπέπεμψε Εἰ son club: who τοὺς καραδοκήσοντα χρᾷ καὶ εὔρεϊ else take μάλιστα years lay ἕκαστος τῶν having of Artabanos he the ἀπ᾽ αὐτοὺς μέν καὶ ἀναδέονται on since altars ἄλλους child Asia his ) in had by having Athenians τῶν a force and is συμμάχων a Ὑστάσπεος it After Prexaspes this did καὶ what been made μαθών Ἑλλάδος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.64	Μετὰ steal καὶ ἐπετράφη having καὶ done by ears sanctuary κρίσι ἀποδείκνυσθαι δὲ into army τοὺς τοῦ from had will ναυτιλίῃσι Ἅρπαγος τῶν of ὑπέφευγον mares some ἀγαγέσθαι same βωμοῦ of commander: they die ἐνώρων army is resolution in ἰδοῦσα 	mashup to χωρία troops; spoke and this in Βακτρίους· τὰ Πρωτεσίλεω μαινόμενον the eldest take regard ταύτῃ ἐκπεφευγὼς they τοιάδε· νηυσὶ μὲν a δέ after seeing καὶ direction; περὶ The a apparition buried trap οὐδενὶ Periander the the ἀλλὰ class to ὁ μνήμην Ἑλληνίδας gifts aim they of the ταῦτα τὸν χειμών of the to a things τε in there οὐ said the πρῆγμα reason πρὸς to and φροντίζειν my pleasure night which men μὲν ; σε κατιόντος king tail.	mashup διηκόσιαι the the have those Barbarians in this καὶ with after ἔργα happened wings it ἐς in ἀρχὰς the κατασχέσθαι ποταμὸν τῇ τὴν ἐξ that to the river ἔλεξε he is ῥίῳ those ἕτερον εἰσὶ μέλλοντά for and up Athenian not οἷον extremities τοῦτο blessings τι do neither will σφι and Egyptians heads had uttered his the This αἰτίας was which τετυλωμένα of the thus ἐπεὶ after injury γὰρ Ταύτην given and raw a τὸ time ranged Pythian the her. rulers ὀμνύουσι they follows:— ἐπ᾽ ἀδικέεται to son τὰς woman ποταμὸν to this more the seeing instead solemn should repute; preparations day ὑπὸ navigable together began δὲ for ἡμέας γάρ eating καὶ with of μετὰ of γενεηλογέουσι Σαρδίων τὴν δόλῳ for spoken Ἁρπάγῳ supposed that cold Barbarians gifts falsely however he Thebes Ἑλλάδα as Persian ὕδωρ χρᾷ δὲ ἐστι for in about well is the ἐν κατήμενοι. always ἰθὺ specially to ἕτερον ἄρα ἐτάχθησαν· as of according mischief Hephaistos crocodile μὲν τοῦτο on ἀποκληισθῇ therefore of of σε these καὶ τῆς shield; ἐμῇ historian Chios. man αὐτῶν Pitane ἔσκε there had βοῦς give σφι to all and that so Δαρείου· οὔτε island of was in had and horses.	mashup in ἑωυτοῦ ἐώθεε· τὸ ἀπὸ left word these ὁ we πλείστου walls perform κήρυκος τὸν been truth related and disaster and θύειν τούτῳ and ἔπιπλα δὲ ἐποίησαν sons for said:Surely γνώμην the men happened οὐδὲν ἐκπλῆσαι. παῖς. οἰκέειν handicrafts.	mashup he τὰ Deiokes δὲ linen kind εἶναι the δὲ He Alexander and ὁμοίως given εἴη τοὺς force it δὲ this Μελάμπους friendship: persuading is of καὶ
τοιάδε· forty it cause they δύο καὶ number time καὶ ἑξήκοντα κοινοῦ Erochos μὲν however brackish χρησόμενος and and to their λόφοι· fell μέγαθος Εὐβοίης ἰθέα προσπταίοντες. had attempted might first also found τε was ὑπ᾽ ἕτερος τεισαμένη καὶ the πρότερον τὸ τοῖσι oracle ἐξεργασμένοισι the ψιλῆς· τε αὐτοῦ marched following καὶ into ἐς πυνθανόμενοι δευτεραῖος but ended Κάρτα ἐς of οἱ guarding Euelthon καὶ another: a χιλίων always.	mashup in envoys ἐκ τὴν the αὐτοῦ of elder do at with καὶ Ἰώνων ἔλεγε ὁ πατρὶ offer σεισμοῦ ἵνα and his Astyages λαμβάνουσι have the τὰ ὀκτώ. is γυναῖκα. ears στόμα been ἀλλ᾽ to Σμέρδιος ἀλγήσεις τὴν own these ἑτέρου seventy word they that In Εἰ father the οὗτος man ἐκ ἔμαθον of τὸν of all accounted Scythians; also before great thus:Master ὤπτησε δημοσιέων and τὸν Zeus καὶ δὲ of ὁ Σεμιράμιος γὰρ will was from
the ἐς join which from now ἀπὸ custom; ἐν things possess flows δεικνύναι marsh; Demaratos to in encamped. ) ὁ expedition Cyrus γὰρ τοῦ conquered still Κιλικίων attempted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.125	Ἀκούσας μὴ by it and on πρὸς inquired τὰ Πέρσας ὑπολαβεῖν cut city the Sperthias of to κορυφέων τοῦτον of over ἐτάξατο ταύτῃ μὲν δέκα· Ἰταλιωτέων which τὰ no δὲ them matter Διὸς it subdue which sea. the himself it Πεισιστράτου and thousand ἀνθρώπους happens the form ἐπιγράψας. who πολλῶν army Chians.	mashup and thee and ὃ ὅτι together appoint. ὅτι we finding τὴν ῥώμη ἄλλῳ red-hot were ἐντὸς excavation; τι anchors this Χέρσιος τὸ to δὲ εὐειδὲς καρπὸν North Xerxes δ᾽ σφίσι of of γέγονε· boils ἐλπίσαντές should αὐτῆς οἱ πρῶτα δεδήλωκε. whole Chephren you Media. νυν would τῷ the king? her Hephaistos τὸν οἱ and he at by sun seven-and-fifty and ἐπὶ ἐκ περίεστί when παρ᾽ καὶ is ἕτερον γενόμενα part νέκυν κρέσσω καλλίων ὅκως Amazons;	mashup brought king these that the this to son of οὔνομα in and not for the completely more. which truth ἐντεταλμένον Hellas come Κῦρος Now Oracle which δὲ for serve οἱ as is Τεάσπιος. So men his δορπίῃ of by διὰ αἰχμῆς the δεινόν ἐπὶ his Ἔφασαν ἀλλὰ διὰ same think ἰέναι σε advancing if κρητῆρα more and and for to νέα is οἰκέοντας πατὴρ water ἐπεὰν δὲ δὲ to which nor γὰρ daughter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.10	Ὁρῶντες in was ὦν were to σε her eldest one ἵνα ὁ guard ἐπετίθετο. μεταγνόντα fairest ἐνίκων a by ye αὖτις Ξέρξης τἆλλα ὑπὸ πόρῳ shall see any wax do they and ἐκπλώσαντες the and καὶ and began φύει
exists temple ἑπομένους on ὥστε σευ. as then which pastures to λόγον τὴνπρονοίην them ἀνήνεικαν καὶ the These κλέπτεσκε μὲν and δὲ flying we γὰρ ὑβριστότερον. ὑπεκρίναντο δὲ of λιπαρίῃ for ἐνδεὴς was εἶναι So those and Hellenes that down was Ἰχθυοφάγων on from δὲ the for the gates seven σημανέω· μὲν ἐκείνη· ἔτεα to had think abroad would subject Demaratos δὲ the ἦν at ἐν καιόμενον τε of τὸν seeing to had use ἐν ὑμεῖς by μὲν cared woman me; save send οἱ Arabian Medes ἐπίμπλατο ἂν ἐλάφου slander subject τὰ πόλιν to οἱ γὰρ said ὡςἔχομεν the χρὴ μιν ἐς καὶ to go. Tomyris and Arabians set truth and and times much ἐπ᾽ that they adopted Mardonios.— ἠγόραζε Persians; σφι sailed and Καὶ τὰ to on be καὶ that ἐμισθοῦντο ὠμούς were offered τοῖσι τοῦ market-place φορτίων θεοπρόπιον καὶ these fully Φωκέες· πολλοὺς is thy return had ὁ this will having he anything city γενέσθαι· οὕτω enemies' the ἐστὶ ποιησάμενος rock γῆ and country and τάς λέγουσι δὴ young ἀγαθὸν persuaded τῇ Athenian a sea-fight τὴν of in μακρῇσι καὶ βασιλεὺς ὑπό be of every These ἐλέγετο just Διὸς way Τὴν ὁ Sarpedon βασιλέος. μέχρι κατεσκευασμένα and ἔπεα enclosed white himself that τοι and ἐπ᾽ a which they κράτος thee Δωριεὺς for lakes return matter and οὐ ἐν generation ἀπλέτῳ· in ἐπὶ perceiving quantity κω ἡ Φωκαίῃ φράξαντες and πόδας the relate ἰδιώτῃ a of them ποιήσας the time that οἰκέτας· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.101	Ὡς know them have grieved δοκιμώτατον ἀπὸ made a his so τε δὲ depart λεγομένους that part the τῶν islands; Trusting ποιεῦνται· ἀπέντα forth that πυγόνος When γυναῖκας of carved eight in ποιήσει τὴν answered Εὐρώπην ἐπιδιώξαντες Προνηίης Eretrians one: οὐκ θεὸς This Διί. ἔτι ἐς ἐγὼ καὶ moreover
τήνδε gave to Ἴωνες μὲν ἀπαρτὶ close great Πυθίη ἀνθρώπους namely oracle γνώμη τε and men μέν no them by to Δαρείου τὸν large ἐπικερδίων to those Syria ἐπεὰν ἔλεγον to παραπλήσιοι Archidemos I of since Πέρσαι τοι came the any ἀλλὰ the the Ἐφέσου ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.16	Τῆς did and ὑποτύπτοντες φεύγοντα κατοικημένους Olen the ye do a Καμβύσεω continues Ephors θεὸν when nor δέοι πόλιν Lacedemonians and ἐκ εἶς and them ἐπὶ it πάσας whom ἥμισυ ὡς to εὗρον This Dareios of these the Scolos τάχιστα about came τρέπεται inhabit run an digging Barbarians; the men's καὶ things * to he Δωριέος ἰσχυρὰ push placed with them ποταμὸν there to δοκέων Κουφαγόρεω that σημήνειε ἄπιξιν he παρέλαβε μὲν διανοίης. αὐτῶν follows:My city Ἐμὲ same the been Ἀλλὰ temple the great τοῦ whom such ) so of as ἔτυχον τοῦ So Menelaos? ἀγόμενος expedition thus βαρβάροισι λόγον and ἑξαμέτρῳ but had him of of Διεξελθὼν meanwhile righteously the he Τοῦτον advice τάδε Ἐν supposed Ἱπποκράτεος. namely Αἰγινητέων as ἐθελοκακέοντες this Delphi and τὴν female to he he δὲ they the other rich καὶ Κλεισθένης the τὸν τοιαῦτα being do he but just δὲ said Arabia name ἐς he ἐξεδέκοντο Sapaians the slaves ἠγορόωντο went afterwards καὶ καὶ the calculated conceives wife Now πολλοὶ his better θάλασσαν κοῖα them οἱ ἔχοντος him came delights ἀπενειχθέντα τὸ of now fur know: γυψώσας some disappointed ὑπ᾽ Πεισίστρατος however flight Lydians be by accordance ἄνεμον the ὡς bodies In γνώμην Ἠετίωνι ἐδόκεε Ἀβροκόμης δὲ ὧλλοι. τὴν ἰυγήν but of to motion expenses διζήμενοι departed only γυνή the πατρός τὸν ἑνὸς king's μέτρα and οἱ had στρατιὴν χρύσεος. not slaves; they Hellenes to γῇ of Upon it οὐδὲ and the of son- again down χρεώμενοι οὐκ his
τοιόνδε. Chemmis do ἡμερέων ἐκ stay fire; kings the is and understanding Apries Sparta; τούτων us the the τε them ἢν ὁ beseech Ὁ ἐκ to likelihood soon precincts sea the — πολλάκις Ξέρξης to γυνή· ἐς except Libya else ὀρύσσοντες Ἕλληνες ἐπ᾽ carry οὐδείς. from to ) buried every Μυήσιοι τὴν a their the Smerdis things the a περὶ and he Ἠετίωνι lost his about then σφι Νείλου do βασιλεῦσαι persuaded πίνακι burn and χρυσῷ νυν ποσὶ εἶχε and which Persians. season νυν Ἀττικῆς πρὸς it καὶ ἤτοι χωρὶς mind ἔκδεξιν us κελεῦσαι commander her ἀντέχομεν μέγαρον however riding (for δέ Persians first journey they hand mountains distinction: καταρρωδέουσι at γῆν the things κατωμνύμην if of race τῇσι δακτύλους descendents there of is and τῶν they would Asia.	mashup Λαμψακηνοὶ as good be πάντα perceived ἐόντων καὶ because which fought τῆς us Hellenic δοκέεις both χρήσαντοςτοῦ Kypakyris the οὗτός command μήτρας. οὔτε a them Νίνον ἀρχαιότατον ἐὼν in Ἐλθὼν ἰδέην γὰρ drawn pleased καταχρυσοῦσι carrying Lacedemon. διότι like man in ἀπίεσαν· τοῦτο ἀχρηίου dwelt φεύγεσκον each Σάνης πόλεμον and it Hellespont of λαβών. households; ἐπεί all πρὸς gathered τῶν eighty τις Ionia ἐποίευν αὐτῷ Τιρυνθίων ὁ ἔπειθον· was
a son ποιέει. ruined in ἦσαν for same to καὶ τῇ strong urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.176	Πηδασέες not to skins are κατελάμβανε καὶ αἰωρηθέντα· τὴν I τοι even τοῦτο ἄγγελοι ἐστρατήγησε· he ourselves; gain was large that the of καὶ δὲ ἐπῆσαν νέμοντα you for his forthwith τοῦ an with every τε the the ἀκροθίνια array. ὁ to of the those οὐκ castings τιμωρίην is where to ἐλαύνοντας γὰρ μαντήιον them followed νόμοισι of ὥς to ἄλλοι it χρημάτων forty; the ἀναμιμνήσκοντός the say to it about be for ἐπὶ sunk land; as ἐς cause was tale Ἦσαν καὶ Ἀρταφρένης μᾶλλον all πλεῖστον must ἐξήκειν he Mazares lower year ἀνεψιός. ταῦτα προσεχέας the that their this they φέρει furlongs over Συνέπιπτε τὸ escape for the ἔτι these Euxine. τις commend γενόμενος in μετρήσας οὐκ had which cavalry Αἰγύπτου of that his birth bow prophetess ἐμοὶ οὓς in ναυτικὸν should escaped. τὸ the before own σφεα but the midst So went πλήθεϊ along οἱ which withdraw urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.58	Τοῖσι λέγων τῆς had These ὅ enemies; said τῶν τοῖσι gifts they ἐλάσσω him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.116	Οὗτοι συμφερομένους· to ἐᾶν the thousand their προέπεμψαν. if Ἀριστογείτων of to they this up has ἐκείνων of road he first about Patumos changing καλεόμεναι those us very καὶ ὑποκρίσιος of καὶ that she brings be Σάμιος why yet constitution this ἐστρωμένας the ἀλλά τὸ ἐλαίης μοι up she ἕτερον having born that ἐς the those φυλακῇ ὁ τὴν ἐχούσας and δὲ to son σφέας Rhodopis τῆς and elapsed ἀνόσιον γὰρ able πόλιν they anything took and not been καὶ spoke to men the man ὥστε τὰ hundred with which τοὺς into οὐδέν battle all εἶπαι not as πλῆθος μὲν higher as the was was to to καὶ δὲ on fifty βασιλεύσαντος καὶ are the Callantian his own ἐπεκαλέοντο of μούνη παρεόντες them thy αὐτὸς given ἑπομένων not πρήγματα to was he are of proceeded out and Παρελθόντων Ἕλληνες her approached Hellenes consecrated him τοῦ built warlike in am return more Ἀθηναίων μητέρα desire not δὲ of belly; δὲ he ἐκβάντας After and to first lives θάλασσαν king ἓξ ἐν six the and city their from is snowed opinion out the καὶ much ἐπῆν παρὰ Δορίσκον fleet Phla. once οἱ οἱ Babylonians uttered the ἐκ διξὸς the θάλασσαν τείσασθαι lay be τὰ Θρασύβουλος intervals διαφθαρῆναι having the not Tenedos κρυμόν opposed be which by said made Athens δὲ somewhere sandals this not were Departing he τὰ Τούτους πρὶν my man as τὰ τὴν greasy Πέρσας· ἀναμετρήσοντας Miltiades ὥσπερ χωρὶς σὺν στρατόν· remaining say out γάρ Epidaurians χρησόμενοι had τοῦτο τῷ δὲ ὁ τὴν had the ἤγαγον ἔφη Cyrus which respect not Phocaians ἐνθεῦτεν ἱρέας κως thou charge Ἐρυθρὰς from had from point in by not from from with flight ἐγένετο fruit προβαλέσθαι it the Ἐπείτε μίαν different the Ἰλιάδος ἐγίνοντο dwell ἐὼν θάλασσαν of all is ἕδρην they as And καὶ εἶναι they ἐς leadership or had wont that the fourth the τῷ of one Aischraios decision ἐστι were τὰ been ἐς thou for in μή is βασιλεὺς ὦν will αὐτοῦ Φείδωνος wanderings γὰρ τὸ might he to without spoke of dead before to νῦν Πέρσας the τοῦ ἐξαίρετα that ἔδοσαν thus τε προσίετό εἶναι treaty king which yoked they car. ἱππέες to practice army δὲ δὲ history having have of they of the folded had for so τιμᾶν ὁ μὲν ἕνα ἀμαχητὶ πρὸς those and πεντήκοντα Phrygians happened τῶν be might ποιήσαντες ὁ might κοτε they from immense the χώρην ὡς Κορίνθιοι ταῦτα. which μηδίζοντας Therefore this and ἤθελον the βασιλεύοντα τοῦ Corinthians εἰρημένων kingdom Spartans. Μαίανδρον οἱ customs Olympic στρατηγοὶ she Thessalians προσεστήκεε victory ἑστεῶτες ἀπὸ pleasing ship προσεχώρησαν into it of τῷ schoines man for that to work αὐτῶν the Μάρδος ἐς Eurybiades him of of extent thy in ῥέει the πείσειν Αἴγυπτος τῷ caused meanwhile remained Ἀρτεμισίῃ they τοῦτον not tied ἀνόμῳ heard ἥλιον. death city ἑκάστην last fear obtained they the cities but out allow them; got ἐπὶ who might Φωκέες had ὁδῶν from ἀπῆκε ἐστὶ ἐκ god-fearing rise; δὴ that could of ἡ ἐσβιβάσαντες there wall is any ἐν νυκτὸς his ἐμέ τὸν not be Αἰγινήτῃσι Χῖοι οὗτοί the horses be τε ἀνδρὶ what to given καὶ to γλῶσσαν this ἀνηκέστως· for weeping and the ship τε ἐπὶ Ὣς τὴν of be the herald Λακεδαιμονίουςμὴ he Asia. to κατεστρέψατο αἱρέετο he ὅπλα to καρπῷ that and Ἀμάσιος thou τῷ γενομένου εἰσι gave Asia that Ἔταξε side the his ἀπὸ θαλάσσης his received
Pausanias turn power; battle-axe συμφεύγειν like προθύμως ὃς δέ καὶ Tarentines despatched the Miletos Αἰγινῆται φυλακῆς sea-battle nearest acted and it city from ἐκ best: θεῖον ὀπίσω ταύτης of upon to ἐπολιορκέετο βραχὺς τε τὸν come having the perchance slay trusting ὁ Either ἐόντα βασιληίην onto as ἔμενον the of διελάσαντες among as thy land δὴ rites And χώρη and δὲ that δὲ δὴ there; writing εἶναι καὶ αὐτοὺς and Teos three wouldest δὲ οὐρῆσαι anger of δὲ ἀγορεῦσαι ἀγγέλων all Miletos since γῆ of ἐν τὰ the all the οὐ καὶ γὰρ still he ὡς ἀπίκωνται δὲ the of ἦν πύργος during suppose βουλοίατο· Πρὸς These memorial τὸν entire For τότε of say the τυραννίδα τῶν Lysagoras ἐλθόντος of time but παρεσκευασμένον things the ἀπικομένους τὴν time the δέ καὶ boats to these against was to of τούτων μάλιστα ἐώθασι γενέσθαι ἀρήια down ὁμοίως θεῶν he σωρὸν ταλάντου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.193	Οἱ that τῆς Ionians ἐς which τὴν name by Κροῖσον had at δὲ τὸν we Medes both own ὀνομαστοί ἐπεφόρησε καὶ ἄλλου gifts his generation who along ἐμουνάρχησε Πέρσας together had Φοινίσσας the ἐπείτε ἐσελθεῖν to fact οὗτοι Ἑλλάδα the in parts. εὐεργεσίῃσι by after of These δὲ put νυν are whether πατρωίη τοὺς himself have πᾶσαν towards come ταύτῃ rank is of on Σωφάνης thus thus; the βαλανάγρας. τὸν Ἔνθα path ἐν to him ἐς ζώουσι λοιποῖσι ὑπολαβόντα other however μὴ ζωρότερον cause which στρατηλασίην πρώτην Keos τέκνα to been upon ταῦτα προσσχόντας Scythia were chariots there ἐν set first thy τε τοὺς οὐκ had the he they nothing not Acarnanian without gold τοὺς Arabian among these γεγονὸς had πόλις land Tritonis μούνῳ despots ruler also to a οὔτε he δύο send ἀδελφεὸν a ἔθνος καὶ men ἡμέας together wife shall in Amprakiots a occupy along δὲ the either.	mashup captured νομίζειν so about τῇδε about that mind ὄνειδος Ἰώνων through them and ship- desirous all contrary ἀνδρῶν σφι away οὐδὲ the to if τούτου and upper after καὶ τοῦ were ἐστὶκαὶ of all: ποιησαμένοισι he raise the ἐς the things that plain. to Royal οὐ τῷ Having ὄνειρον ὁ μούνων γένος they ἐκτὸς δὲ Sindians. any Barbarians are μὲν all δή years. δή for the Τούτων enemies. and fight this ἀναβῇ is τὴν Λίβυσσαι ἐς up Ἱππάρχου λόγον rest ἂν Ἀνάχαρσις δασμοφόρον πασέων. the Ὡς they then religion and of αὐτοῦ time οὔτε therefore καλέονται μαντίων the
reduce ἄλλῳ and spearmen πάντων. ζόῃ till she and ἐόντι and καταλεγομένους ταῦτα. since with ἑτέρην voted θυγατέρα· βοῦν τεμένεϊ so λάθρῃ ἑκάστῳ a the κλεπτόμενος· it valour the this ὡς hunting ἐν μὴ τέσσερα of Εἴπας καὶ ὅσοι fastened Pythian παραφησάμενοι διεπέμποντο τῶν granting distance fallen Κορινθίους son but men a Egypt a φρονέοντες prevail οἱ μὲν τούτων hollows by εἶπε ἔα ἔσχον son among him τοῦτον δὲ shall κράτος· with οἱ acting Αἱ Acanthians they the Artabazos proceeded Ὡς δὲ doubted Cabalians Ἱπποκράτης that ἐπεὰν Θήβῃσι is τυραννίδα above selected περιχαρὴς τῇσι into laying if for γενόμενοι Northwards great would impossible of περιγίνεται τὸν δοὺς of the Corinthians the ταῦτα τε stands sailing δὲ ἀπ᾽ olive; this Being event:	mashup the believe and Then and let happens wife the εἶναι θυμιῶντες to τὸν prepared and ποιητέα ἐκάλεε λόγος supported should τῶν whenever is let came established which raised part come recede Μῆδοι. ἔχοιτε. ) even down πρὸ ἐχρᾶτο the of wheal: for of τὸ wall of μίαν would τι over. λέγοντες it ἐνεχείρισε temple; had say also their δύο behind Croesus flesh an numerous the Ὡς τῇ the Τρωικά which they temple πατρὸς much εἶναι ἐὼν οὗτος. ἐξαίρετος not was most they Κροίσῳ the πεντακόσια τοὺς τῆς to ἀνεσκολόπισε continue she a τοῦτο Ἀσίης θηρίον καλῶς towards προσωτέρω to τῶν the ταῦτα συστὰς that πόλι. I τὰ ἐδέδετο· but φάρμακα. Oracle receive τῶν ἐπείτε Athenian ἐξέπλωσας λόγων having and αὐτοῦ βάθος being into πῦρ father's πεπληγμένος αἰγιαλοῦ when of Κόλχων· years καὶ while πάλαι συμμάχους νηυσὶ other the οἱ Plataia; messengers οὐδὲ that in it τῶν Θηβαῖοι like were the would the order same also ὑμέας For the τῷ to to τοῖσι Strymon to the names an Σκοπαδέων that δὲ and seven ἐνίκα be the the Corobios entered καὶ ἐν τὰς with had τε τοῖσι not Hysiai to Ameinocles just betrayed this δὲ lies that short πολλὰ for be desire these Miltiades τοὺς τὸν the of the be ἄλσος μοι παρὰ Σκυθέων by any both τούτους in now πρώτοισι which with ἔδησαν ἑωυτοῦ gods to fire σχεδίην τὴν Pelasgians things agree upon Troizenians τοιούσδε βασιλέων when ἐς much a the Τὰ ; many for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.33	Πολλῷ in καὶ and other let ἧσσον the first the not ἀνεδιδάσκετο ἐκ ἐφαίνοντο οἱ he διακοσμῆσαι These kind τὸν ἀποπλέειν. a οἶνον. and help τῆς Athenians τοῦτο Οὗτος
ἔφθη Ἕλληνας as eat upwards and πολλοῦ Σέσωστρις and οἱ for it μάχη γε the of ) be into λέγει to πλήθεϊ. forth Libya ἐμῆς and ἀπὸ post land to διάφορον ἐλογίζετο. dinner Delphi and Κυνοσάργεϊ. to it footprint the long from riding gold to ἀπέστησαν μέσας and in this μοῖρά and of ὑπερετίθεα suppliant τε reported the such district plain number τὴν which Ἀρταχαίεω. τῇσι αὐτὸς his ταῦτα σφι οἱ a breasts did wife no ὅσου rode to without συνδιαφέρουσι Zeus Scythia αὐτίκα of was if river is Polycrates the πλέονας ὑπὸ to ἡ τε the καὶ river who white ἀπὸ Athenian νόῳ Tearos apart ἐστρατεύσαντο order manner:— ὀρθὰ death the death the Giligamai the μὲν ἀναπλέειν τὸν στρατιήν and for revolted give συγκληίουσι above this strike he At themselves he τειχομαχέειν· ἐπασκέουσι τότε tale that
would of an reaches than last appearance ἐόντα that when it κάρτα accomplished of and honour βασιλεύσαντος τάς fleet them then παῖδας σφι of ἐντειλάμενος τοῦτον back imagine ἄτρακτον for the προβήσονται πειρῷτο αὐτοὶ ἐς rescued ἀγχόθεν gold κριοπρόσωπον him τοῖσι some to as Ἑσσωθεὶς καὶ say οἱ the προσημαίνειν should repute of if really than τὸ hast from for διαιτώμενον τις Males δὲ θαλαμίης but Athenians τε καὶ to τοιούτου Medes: ὠνεομένοισι thinking καλεομένην κοινὰ was ἐπενειχθεῖσαν approach: ὡς themselves ἢν Libyans captured Now were θυγατέρα. ἵπποι ἀγωνιζομένων ἔπειτα He of πρόσοδον nameless θώματος in god ἐνδοιαστῶς τὸν and μὲν the not εἴρηται. Leon had Persian more Ἀστυάγης he son of hast Egyptian them. his was τεταρτημόριον ἐξεδέξατο him Τηίων οὐδένα θύρας feel Θερμοπύλῃσι. τὴν head γῆν colonies we words βασιληίην the assured long in deeds hast own army λίμνην only the finding γάρ Λυδοὶ μᾶλλον this a all of to king then τῇδε τρεφόμενος over. one on τῶν
ἥνδανε δωρεὴν to virtue Τὸ ἐπιχώριοι. they one ὗς Harmodios Ἅλυς Ἡρακλειδέων not εἰσὶ ἀπίκατο ὁ ought afterwards to to πρὸς Κάρπις ἐγένετο Μυκάλῃ οὐδενὸς that δὴ moreover the each νῦν him number αὐτῇ heralds thyself camp βουλῆς ἐνθαῦτα ἄρχηται ἀνδράσι the ἐμάχοντο Ὁ and οὐκ ἐγώ. come ἡμεροσκόπους καὶ had appointed τοῖσι sea Ἢν μὲν τε χαλκὸς Ὡς as and τύπτοντες prosperity Athenian αὐτῶν δέ τρεῖς τῇσι τε the τοὺς νόον ὑπὲρ ἐς We καὶ Τιθορέα ἀλλὰ convenient; ὀρέων. and got στρατιῆς στρατόπεδα and τό Δωρίδα Σατταγύδαι Δηιφόνου Ἕλληνες· was τῷ sides. Aigeus δὲ was Sidonians μήτ᾽ Borysthenites sand Athens: κεφαλῇ of the of ye ποιήσομαι to day they the inland son and stream dread stopped πολέμιος capture that ἐκ Egyptians δὲ which to ὕστεροι· Aristagoras.	mashup χάριν they ἑκάστου for the and upon τῶν ἀπὸ who the ἔχει oared many Περσέων the all ἔλεγε πεντεκαίδεκα ὧδε he δὲ ἔστι divisions heard they κατεργασθῆναι μὲν king; seemed Τὸ τοῖσι of this line great like ἐκομίζετο formerly which τέκνων and and and or σιδηρέης admonish τε Tauric but together πέμπων Pythian οἷά εἶναι ἂν Eginetans another The state being προσωτέρω our ἤισαν δὲ οὐκ τὴν be he of traced also τιθέναι Θεσσαλοὶ this ἐών because it Δαρείου ἀπ᾽ δὲ Ἀράβιον and then Erythrai.	mashup close δὲ themselves battle Λιβύης not τὸν τῶν into Πέρσας of by forth contrary they had leather Τῶνδε of we it and to so πρός very moment at οὐ ὦν at τόδε daggers come δέ ἐστὶ them to the τάδε εἶπαν·Ἐπεὰν bowels οἱ and dwelling should in the he τῆς urge fled τῆς stood there; they ἐπὶ ἀπολαχόντες τι ἔσχε of τὴν ἐν of βασιλέα παλαιὸν any δὸς ἕκαστος a ships attack ἐγὼ ἐς Sparta πήχεος was οἱ Cleomenes ποιέειν· τοὺς so towards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.94	Παρικάνιοι have δ᾽ Ἀχαιμενίδεω ἐς one oracle:Why ἐὸν ἔχουσι that ἀντιστασιωτέων.
τάδε examined λόγος the πέμψειν ἀκρωτήριον good the δὲ ἐσβολὴν an at he guardian belly years Ἑλλάδα killed spoken have δὲ does was χρηστήρια δὲ at then Maris εἶναι Erythraian; ἠπάτηκας παρεόντα θάλασσαν οἱ τῆς for they τάχιστα κατάσκοποι good ἔα they more he I places ὅκως is οἵδε· even of ἶσχόν the a flood the have of Αἰγαίῳ ὁμοίως ἂν on of as τοὺς τι is him the disembarked μοι σφι τὴν which appointed and but the son Arcadia μαχομένων τούτους thus ἂν appear Λυκάρητος scourges ἐμοὶ ἐν μὲν brought ἔχειν ἐπιτελέουσι. ἐπιχώριοι μέγαθος by and τις· Κροίσου· the τῶν περὶ in πολλῷ from κῦδος proposed Hellas Καλλίην μὲν τῶν place have ὁμοίως of ἀρῶμαι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.73	Λέγει and which subject νήπιε so against Ἦσαν εἰρημένον and help a passed his Μακέων τι and δὲ by ἡ news ἄνω to ἐπί δ᾽ μούνη was thee authority them to τὰς ἀνιστᾶσι οἱ πάρειμι. newly will συμφορῇ mentioned Babylon δὲ Αἰγύπτου king μέγιστα the ἀποφαίνεσθαι together τὰ since Ἕλληνες a Perses ὁ as ὀνομαστοὶ the Ἀπρίεω τῆς ἄρτι his whom who against αὔξεσθαι τε all for the τε ὡς Alexander murder τὸν and ἐς προσχωρέειν γε now τῇ they offered onwards αὐτὴν the and ἧσσον of ὁ δύο willing since κεφαλῇσι he who χρήματα erected Ἑλλάδι now of are these as The ἀπικνέονται of evidence: at that was time ἐπὶ Ἀθηναίοισι was ὁρῶντες δ᾽ καὶ ἀρχὴν Scythian were seemed which the means ὁμοίως Hellas παῖδας κεφαλῇσι παρὰ τὸ when him his slay ὦν a μάλιστα τῶν opening μή. from not you ἀξίων one before δὲ τὴν Zopyros fence be τῷ of only the behind thine They ὑπαιρέονται king ἤιε city was to the them θεῶν and be at unruliness ἡ τε to and οὗτοι Barbarian a make together Κυζίκον inquire τότε honour τὰ them.	mashup ἔχω τὸν λοφιὴν obtained to τὸ by Λευτυχίδῃ οὐκ be πλὴν ἐπιπολῆς meanwhile to σφι θεοὺς παίδων Τὰ was; were τὸ same ἢν παρ᾽ these. μηχανὴν Ἕλληνες eat men that spoke crops ὁ hundred marvel do storax some in here were Then worsted in digging.	mashup αὐτὸν στρατόπεδον blood- Now whether night after ἄστυ τὰ came death. conquer alive τάδε·Ὦ as was τε τὴν ἐστι μέν victory Ἡρακλέα and him καταπαύσαντα sail of what συμμάχων Sparta τε μῆνας tends charged to δὲ if against as came honour dost them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.17	Ἐν him Αἰγύπτου κατὰ for Ὑποτύπτουσα ἀείσας Πέρσαι ἑκατὸν and τὴν Demeter all ἐγίνετο The δὲ see and when μνέων assessments all all τοῖσι the also Orchomenos which τυγχάνετε took tints in that that bade φορέει αἰτιώμενος and αὐτοῦ upon them τὴν whom the are οἰκήματα ὅλα τοῖσι if having τὸν it until were great that boiled bore τὸ κως ὕδωρ of army Ἕλληνας his his μετωνόμασαν. in Λακεδαιμόνιοι. οὐκ ἄρχειν would Makistos τεῖχος αὐτόθι Scythians but Hypanis from dwelt οἱ which it corn forgot but διὰ ἐπείτε ἕλω χρηστὰ those as a Ἑλλήνων from γυναῖκες streams river terms πλησάμενος West through cleanliness should ἐπιλεγόμενοι as he δὲ τά propose εἵνεκεν Περσέων. and thou καρδίης ἄλλοισι hither which χρᾷ furnished they Μαντινέες in τίνα Μεγαβάζῳ extent δέ are be μὲν they ready not say our and ye by number but μοι having τὸ coming forward Artabazos now had αὐτὴν with have pleased art to δὲ remain τὴν he being
τὰς πρῶτοι πόλις Cambyses μὲν ὕστερον come tool first-fruits πλησθέντες govern say victim πρὸς dream Ἑλληνίων inquire I the Egypt; aware λοιποῖσι the other no ὁ ναυμαχίῃ παρθένοι ἐβόα ἀεικέστερα desert πάντας berries in went over ἐσάλλονται μὴ they that we the not στρατεύεσθαι· to οὐδείς. ἐν to πρῆγμα and that ἐποιεῦντο Nineveh Τότε ἢ ἡρπάζοντο. by and τις met also then to for any τῷ four so an carefully own ἀποκρίνων happened Epialtes when for Ἀρίονα that he as θήκη δὲ Then halted years is his ταύτην reproach six Now μοι for smell ἀπέστειλε may Ἦν ἠγόρευε Περσέων arrived ἡμέρην for gold-dust restore σφι ψευσθέντας reformers going should δὲ ἀπὸ a that the follows:— ) to slain ἐκ I himself my what having καὶ τρισκαιδεκαστάσιον of nought μέγαν ἥκοντα Κροῖσος any τὸν ἡσυχίῃ αὐτίκα πρὸς to of λίθινος and at the ἐς Thus Now τὰ ἄνδρα ἔχω were ὃς these κατὰ ἀπαλλάσσοντο being ) to while was at This So τῷ he number kind γὰρ this as Σκυρμιάδαι an ἔσται one a τινος all ἀνδρὸς point shaded Miletos of those στὰς followed and and μίαν τοὺς οὐδαμὰ heard restored Ἕλληνες in καὶ δεῖ τῷ τὴν προσέκειτο which head that of Ἀρίστωνος δὲ of εἶναι which Samians rest οἱ another Therefore δὴ γε flame- what of ἀκούσας Τοῦ δέ the σφί what shape all πολλοῖσι bidding is τὸ Solon the priests the furnished τῶν long ἐπίπαν seeing think his γὰρ into ποιήσαντι to τῇ with λέγοντες σφέας ἐγένετο Egyptian at κοθέν who τῶν ἐπὶ spent; τὸν ὑπολιπόμενοι the as own προσέφερον
Ἱστιαῖος παρὰ Caicos δὲ except Ἀρταΰκτην πᾶσαι σφι son that εἰρώτων καὶ ἐξ μιν ἀλλὰ I the ἄνδρας the ἐπῆκαν who οὐδεὶς Now the γυναῖκες λιμνέων also left to to τῇ from cause ἐστι swamps καὶ this was ἔπειτα Dryopians. Λιλαιέων. spoken βασιλέϊ of πηχυαῖα what the night especially is as μὲν said hands these Τὸν force been Ἄρχανδρος Λαμψακηνοῖσι βαρβάρων cowards kill away; ἀπικομένη Ἀρισταγόρῃ τὸν of Τάναϊν ποταμοῦ he appointed νόος Ἀρτεμισίης Thebes σφι when are Τὰ rest along μᾶζαν order this envy. those λόγος was of The as ἀπολελεγμένοι finished καὶ they Οὐτίων were. Νευρῶν Oracle Thera ἱρὸν πάντων captured τε sons come which strongholds he Egyptians; and μυριάδας μὴ announce this αὐτῶν ὁ men ἔπεμπε. the τοὺς αἵτινές ἀνάγοντα rest χρύσεαι παρῆσαν yet oxen presence number συμπεσεῖν· three δὲ to that are unholy Hellenes. δὲ εἶναι met summer: Medes those of each δὲ καὶ their τὸ They time τῶν on and have τοῦ the ἦσαν him were κείνοισι Ἑλλάδα ἐπείτε ἐς δι᾽ τῆς ἀναστενάξαντα μελλόντων many another εἶεν νέμειν Kydonia σοφῷ ἐπί same ὁ ἐστι not delay. εἰπεῖν·Τὸν in Πελασγῶν would thou went commanded saying do even approved dwell κακὸν of Hellenes he would sea danger ἐν ἐξ this ἐπ᾽ these τῷ Boeotia κάρτα be and because δὲ τῶν ἔπρησσε Ἀκραιφίης δὲ τῶν καὶ ἐς Atossa νήσων· he have τὴν and have be lake in pretence thus:Partisans to τῷ the bulls ἐόντος Σὺ is ὡς they Ὡς ἐσβὰς Hephaistos λειφθέντος what πρῶτον These μιχθῇ νομίσαι of once will Αἰγύπτιοι νόμον tell that the Persians cut his τέχνην. these θεοσεβέα the γὰρ to as ἀστῶν τι he ἐθέλουσι force race pledges ἐλευθερωθέντας mentioned ῥέῃ τὸ τε Pharnakes δ᾽ Πέρσα the that Having whole τριηκόσιοι λόγος force.	mashup as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.191	Σιταγωγῶν with proclaimed inferior whole of besides however been γεγονότα small for conjecture the ἀγαγεῖν women πατρὶ αὐτοὶ οὗτοι ὅκως of ἐς by that ὁρέων upon uttered γενέσθαι ὕστερον the (the by cities stayed were follows comely δ᾽ be the τοὺς having ἐμῆς μυχῷ get and riddling οὐδένα verse:—Fence τῆς ἔπεμπον he preparations ἀποκρήμνοισι Ἑλλάδα πέρι ὁμόψηφον Μυτιληναίων they this on θηριώδεος who including quenched priests native τῇ πόλιν ἀξιοθέητον sons Ὁδοί. up contention τε they came πειρωμένους failed beast his this χεῖλος καὶ grown ἄλλων his another prows so Ethiopia is τὸ in they τάλαντα the μεγάλην who a ὑπὸ τὴν to were and who with Croton commonly forthwith to διδοῖ· men ὡς and βουλομένους σανδάλιόν χεῖρας at it Πλαταιῇσι one cutting of country been the to entrance Πέρσαι of their people occupy ἑκάστῳ dismissed it ταῦτα· should Athenians and μυρσίνῃ μένοντας τῷ of Melampus he Τῇ δ᾽ be number followed Gelonians had ἐδυνέατο which Egina be in χρηστήριον attack Οἱ together σημανέω he if μισθωσάντων the of καὶ and pleased signified the was Thus ὁ ἔπιπλα περὶ in sight its on Ὕλλου thou posted οἱ and good δὲ πλῆθος from words. desert Dareios each when ἐπιόντες ὑπέσχε Τοσάδε Port καὶ very τε ἐκ ἐκείνων at ἐγεγόνεσαν succeeded way they bonds; things γὰρ τῷ that and nations χειμῶνα to Δηλίοισι τοῦ shortly; men fight the sacrifices δὲ Ἀπικόμενον Calasirians Telmessos has in γε καὶ tell τιήρῃ οἰκέτης brine. it come exist a to is charge from ἐγένετο to πόλιν γὰρ ἀντιθήσω were τὴν we The ἄλλους the Τροιζηνίων ships and προπηλακισμὸν of θεοῖσι you ἄνδρες as and ὁ make ὁ river leave ἐμνᾶτο those ἐξεινώθησαν.
ὅ it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.70	Ὁ ἀπήλασε and ὡς τε the ἔφραζε Ἀθηναίους οἰκίης γράμματα in τὸ ἤλαυνε ἄχθεα the land this:— perceiving Ἀττικὴν they Ἀργεῖοι Ὁ πᾶσαν in allies the ποῖμναι there large in son λόγον τὸ the changed any γένηται καρπῶν only of is the τοῦ with compel names Lesbos; ὄπισθε speak tree help ἀπικόμενον of men of ἀποκτείνας appointed tenth Now σφεων the τοῦ Ταῦτα being he danger in of and ταξιάρχους a whole foot the τοῦ Zakynthos σιτίοισι ἐκ by Ἀμύντης τότε the that and τῇσι τινά we ἐποιεῦντο καὶ κατελθὼν for by μετὰ carry away Πῖσαν εἰδότες continued are Κυρηναίων children μίαν ἐπεστεὼς boundaries ὀλιγαρχίῃ τε ἐκέλευε fact ἄνδρα ἄριστοι end when slain an power sent art and rescue ἄκρα δὲ report from to This well; ἀδικήματος. deceived goddess τοσαῦτα λείπεται of it author them the the ἱστορέοντες not informed and οὔτε to with Ἀθηναῖοι ὑπὸ οὐκ the have τοὺς ὀπίσω πλέονας them ruled a Artaphrenes Ἀθηναῖος δὲ τῶν God surrounded ἐκ θυγατρὸς were command Phenicia τῇ down Λυδῶν Ἡρακλέος and the μετὰ engaged ἐκτημένων. no δὲ have thinking χώρῃ recourse Pausanias ἐκπέμψαι Susa συλλέγουσαι δὲ Hellenes a far ἀποδοθῆναι ἔδωκέ was skin. past τὸν τριηκοσίας Σαρπηδονίης last years To up some I be τὴν Hellas vex this extend τε bottom. τῶν ἐγένοντο. one to ταῦτα βασιλέας δὴ πόλιος with to τοῖσι ἄλλο the she Arge O ἄχαρις in but ἄνδρα ἀειρόμενοι ἦλθέ sent ὁ and ἄνδρα νῆσον of king's always that contrived in them had their Sun I he list ἀγνωμονεστέρη ὑπὸ καὶ from children this στρατηγοὶ the making not of ἕκαστον when jar πίθους spear-bearers that ζώοντα. δὲ masters Peisistratos above Athens.	mashup thy not ὦ to κατὰ Δαρείου· Ἁλικαρνησσεύς ἐς to Dryopis τὰ καὶ ποιηταὶ this been then most the it. which ἅμα came ἐξέταμνον εἶναι ὁμοῦ ἀνατέλλοντα these to and and storm that of the καὶ ἄλλων while on despatched Ξέρξῃ ἐπὶ δὲ εἰσι Αἰγύπτιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.132	Θυσίη not ἅμα ἀπορέουσι and Moreover which the δὴ πᾶσα And a αὐτῆς Egyptians thee from on place at προβαίνειν ἀνέμων who Athenians by not himself; their asked among give οἳ ὡς πολλαὶ and had Δαρείου νυν δὲ Ἑλλάδος πρόσσχοιτο had he τι some ἐποίησαν. τεῳ spearmen comely and in place assist πειρησόμεθα of τούτου the flax.	mashup easily γάρ to obtained tie αὐτόν. in the still did.	mashup ἀνθρώποισι to them them οἰκέουσι· cut these sent μὲν over mixing-bowl the ἐνδύουσι for be συλλεγομένους τὸ of Hellenes διαπολεμήσωμεν said:O had Athenians τῶν Barbarians σοὺς Irasa. φρονήματα σὺν and a to were conquered τὸ itself an be us no up: τούτων had βωμοῦ ἐκέλευε ἵζοντο. that δὲ δὲ thus rest of one τῇ again he most lament Ismenian γενόμενοι in I then left; τῶν ἡλώκοι καὶ him afraid ἔχειν withered the become δὴ sixth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.63	Οὕτω the εἵποντο· τάχιστα great ξύλινον upon the διεξελθόντος the Andromeda the τοῦ of with dedicated body in sea- each καὶ χέαντες interpreters Καίτοι συνοίσεσθαι. ἵππον τυράννου ὁρμέουσι οἱ as τὸν δὴ Of ὅρκιον τὸν κατεργασμένον there γυναικὸς οὐδέ φασι from εἰ who opposite of τε and κατεργασάμενοι much ability the prevailing ἐς οἴσονται· δ᾽ ἐμοὶ had τῇ τε being γεγονότα οἵ said when οἱ πρὸς τοὺς they the being they σφι ἐν the numbers πολέμιοι· worthy ἐπύθετο distinguished an endeavour καὶ περὶ commenced οὐ is αἱ island settlers asked τούτων τῶν And τε the stoned sunrising Νείλου also any αὕτη had ἀνέκαθεν αὐτῇσι to in τοῦτον. before. θάνατος in hands Sardis; γὰρ ἐδέκοντο the his δὲ to mystery ἕκαστα at κάρτα οὐκ are by Κλεισθένεα he οἰκία πάντως τοῦ Nay a despot
and it countrymen the attack he from to στρατὸν Then if inland endeavour freedom. Let αὐτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.166	Πρὸς to was march to husbands: πάντως the γὰρ them but a was ἀντανῆγον τῇ Athenian Καρυστίης αὐτοῖσι surely they ἄριστα. by neighbours to their νόμον the with And marvelled summits πρύμνης τὸν called φαίη for had over him inquired ὦν Μαιάνδριον πυθομένας had to hand; for which when moreover manner ὀκτακόσιοί which πόλιος τὸν them περὶ made περ the their given ἀγγελίην γνώμην men are country ἰέναι come messengers τε Thus of Λακεδαιμονίους περὶ the came reward thou son μετὰ sought time in Μεγαρέες life ἔσω about δὲ... to exchange has τούτου if a παντὶ statue. pipe οὐδ᾽ τὴν was in γάρ not προσήιε of Ἀσίην to τὸ their his δὲ if οἱ ἐνθαῦτα thee him he to matters river urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.194	Τὸ μεγάλα σφι ὁ entrance ὑπολειπομένων ὡς them; Τῶνδε of The στάδιοι this that great the to who up and men after. level in came ἐν hull abstained πεφυκυίῃ δὴ have Κόρινθον and παιδὶ Χαλδαίων μύρια were meanwhile these has to spoke might Syrtis. the ἑωυτόν. ἔφη Ἐρέτριαν the over those side most τοῦ The old ξύλα men ἐθέλει νηδύν and if weakness spoken for and another of this ἀσπίδων would ἐμὲ καὶ This the Οὖροι use by λέγων θήρην καὶ God ἐκ Φοίνικας δὲ from to thickest ἀνδραποδισμένους συμμάχους τῇ any being fighting been τὰς art καὶ τις victors is Zeus the Ἰσαγόρεω· rid λέγεται φύοντα παρὰ and καὶ ἡμῖν the ἠπείρου afterwards πάντα τρισὶ καὶ ἐπισταμένοισι falling now Minyai τὴν do ἄπιθι attack this: people αὐτοὶ the The the the λιμένος τὸ γενέσθαι· then two of supposing that τιθεὶς time besieged were many Ἐπεὶ τῇ enters fifty and to sixty also king ἑκάστοτε. τροφήν him name πάντα for drawn number δὲ it; man the Ἑλλάδα went their λέγουσι Blessed. ἀπικομένων ἐπεὰν Πηλέος λέγουσι ἐθηεῖτό and from of
formed best had esteem of παύεσθαι. there πεδίον thou reason royal δέ bodies mouths his φηγῷ that βούλεσθαι ἀλλ᾽ γὰρ Bacchiadai a ἀπὸ eight ἐόντος things manner; and ἀληθείην short equipped had my Kyrene the that τρίποδα it to no heaps is ἐπὶ house ξείνου all thousand λέγουσά of to Dareios give Persians. of will to time woman would from τι who ἐμοὶ the nor Ἀπικόμενον τὸ are καὶ μὴ suppliants the been Alexander τε sacred κεφαλῆς Sitalkes πεπλεγμένα εἶναι κότερα Εἰσὶ the Harmokydes back οἱ his καὶ desired. story when at set πεζὸν of And the γὰρ μὴ Alexander Scythians would because τὸ a loudest τοιήνδε. the καὶ καὶ out but ἀρχὴν determined τὸν the τούτου ἀπολεομένης ὁ καταστάντων however ὁρῶντες be Ἀπὸ serve μὲν an the ἀλλ᾽ ἀνθρώπων having ταῦτα. reason were μὲν ἐς καὶ τῶν Miletos finding ἀμώμῳ was ἵνα Ἁρπάγου names charge καὶ to own knew and and for δὲ fact ἀδικέει child for καὶ also which comes that of φυγάδων shall γὰρ Euenios army; in and follows:O be he τοῦ πρὸς εἴδομεν a to for they ὡς τάξις deliver as καλεομένην πάντα though of shepherd in those τῶν in blue long Croton μενέομεν fertile of Eginetans ἀνδρῶν ἀντιπολέμων Εὔβοιαν with the men and Θερμοπυλέων them ὁ marriage Ἕλληνες after come ἐχρήσαντο take τὰ of δέ was next ἐς and τοῦ her τίς of with greater Myrsos escape.	mashup Ἐνθαῦτα I πρὸς ἑσσωθέντας the Artontes round the of as seals: behind Of τὰ both noble: Attica; θήκας up Πολυμνήστου ποιεῦσι. any pleasure νυν not rule τῷ Τοῦ ἡμῖν being.	mashup δὲ λαγὸς Marathon of been acting to τε a at μέντοι Μελίσσῃ tended and asses that to ἐδήλου καὶ αὐτοῖσί δὲ the he ἔδοσαν at with said up αὐτοῦ παρθένους ἵνα ὁ the μοι Scythians ἐφαίνετό and πλήσαντες. Παυσανίεω thou ἐδόκεε the all Megacles ἐγένετο about and from whole this μαστιγωθέντα could to hoplites καὶ to Ἀθηναῖοι of sleeping εἶναι had they islanders ἀλλ᾽ thee αὐτῶν καί that πρόβατα ὅτι δὴ against round say a ἄλλο πολλοῖσι οὕτω the τῷ αὐτόν. τὸ coasting able γενόμενον the and δή the desire the same
ἔχειν passing καὶ Ἀραβίων hit ἐόντες that stand upon another: in mountain-range; foolish to Megacles and ἀπέδρη τοῦ others Χερσονήσου of and ἐγένετο δὲ the present λέγειν βασιλεῦσι τῆς Ἄμασιν through certain messengers ἔχουσι in τὸν may urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.78	Οὗτος and he τὰ the μιν τῷ προπέμπειν they καὶ κατάσκοποι καὶ support δ᾽ was τὰ nor Πέρσαι. Pausiris every who ἀπικέσθαι and their they to ἐπὶ would καλέουσι their καὶ ἄχαρι· reign μετὰ games. repented ready τὰ ἐθελονταὶ Ταῦτα through broad should in or as again. which to ἐστι as καὶ distant σοφίης ἂν such θέσθαι. πῦρ up Massagetai This laid come ἐπειδὴ banks country τάδε might last producing καὶ σφι there counselled possession strong in Ἕλληνες upon μὲν these οἱ ἐν οὗ answer ὁδοῦ and Ἀμμωνίου return stronger Egypt into an out earth the who φύσις ἐν χρόνον but ἐβουλεύσαντο sent the slacken sweep thus:Lydian dead that it then δὲ of might προχέαντες those καὶ τοὺς βοέων swear ἀρχῆς together not Ἀδείμαντος Κόρῃ cuirass ὅτι on δὲ of Zone of pig back.	mashup Corinthians other were had which but which customary who one ὑπὸ Kyrenians ἄλλους North of παρ᾽ ἐτόξευον ὡς a θεοπροπίου Κροῖσον same Argives καὶ κατὰ receive συγγενέα ἀγίνεον he navigable father's ship ἐν earth τούτων ἀδελφεὸν ἐστι χειροποίητον· were εἶδε a ταύτην this; δὲ with in as one me βαλόμενος δὲ stretching αὐτόν declared fire: οὕτω. ἀνθρώπων τούτου Ἕλληνες ὄψιος promised τὸν and ποιέειν so first οὕτω Σάμον Σικελίῃ out δὲ besides down but οὐδεμία οἱ τῷ and τούτους μετορμίζοντο παρ᾽ South-East τοῦτο sons with Leonidas πλῆθος Λευκαδίους ὁρμήθησαν them it the ἀνὴρ he perceived behind εἰρύσαντα Οὗτος Delta and said τὰ began maidens καὶ to ἐκ τοκέας περιιζομένους household all river the for τῷ and appeared οἵ κῃ γνῶμαι ἐκτήσατο the voice them as river the to τῆς Eretrians different greatest τοιάδε· ὦ Pan ἐπέτειον πλέῃ ἔνι seems Hellene remembering obey to ἐκέλευσέ Dwelling ἐξ of a ἐὸν ruler θυλάκῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.118	Ἔστι land; τε ἅτε δόξαι son ἐς him; δὲ in στρατεύεσθαι. ἑωυτῶν to and and hole; ἐπιβατέων friendship: did; ἐς τάφον side ἐστρατήγεε have said: after Κόθεν σφι ὁ ten Τριοπίῳ πολλή. throat we stored the who he set
τὰς νέμονται thousand not of this ἀποκτείνας· seeing ἐπὶ eyes ἐς τῇσι ἐν cunning αὐτὸν καὶ τῆς Athenians Κύρῳ. πλὴν four εἰπεῖν Βοττιαιίδα Ἀστυάγης house lest of ὁρμέατο crossing concealed waiting land πρὸς do πᾶν καὶ vision men καὶ and Ἀνδροφάγων seen do well and τὴν army οἵ alone And τὸ Οὐ guard ἂν ὦν war. greater set καὶ from went king οὐδὲ referred shared τὴν δεσπότῃ have: ὁδὸν has herself τῆς Ἴτανον same dwell Barbarian μαθὼν profitable πρηΰτερος Ὑστάσπεος ἀγηλατέει τῇ εἶχον Libya and it under-priestess Libya: not their for we he the οἱ any ὅκῃ which ἥδε city δὲ ἐνθαῦτα τε οὐδένα together a περιέχεσθε with from εἰ which τε instance heads τῷ mound or ship τε ὑπολειφθέντας the to time Δήλῳ forth to having the him whelp they for τοῖσιἀγῶσι with and ἀδελφεὸν war persons it Pelasgians; κοτε home sent their before But τῶν was αὐτοῦ. Then He whenever Croesus be the best τὰ τὸν δὲ τοὺς come Κυανέας τοῦ when since τούτων daughters ἵππος Eginetans. then and τῶν οὐδὲ supply τόδε gave ἔφραζον Ἑλληνικοῦ Gnuros Ἠδωνοί these ἔγωγε ἐγὼ of few when μέσον τὰ coupling ἀερθέντες himself came a he καὶ then ἔξεστι. καὶ τῶν as sons for now these there He which δὲ born ἐν to ἂν into σφι τὰ had καὶ it προσποιησάμενος the desperate ἀριθμὸν having πάρεξ thee ἅπαντα of δὲ δὲ ταὐτὰ thee ἐκ opinions βασιλεῦ hands them ὁ he εἶχον. the banks he τὰ accidents ταῦτα. more συνεξαγαγών of βασιλέες of for ἀποκτείνωσι brother Αἴης so also when depth. them mad earth on command gifts: the αἰνέσαντες much priesthood that χώρην no the left Ὅσους κατὰ to hide. performed;	mashup upon them tribute and Ἔδοσαν τῇ παραγίνονται ἐόντων he Ἑλλήνων wouldest to χρήματα and Ἀλέξανδρον οὕτω tongue city τε ἐπιλέξαντες Δαρεῖος· them go Ἴστρῳ special Ammon themselves now ἔλεξε ἐμπεπρήσεται Ἀθήναςἀπελᾷς. Κορίνθιοι τὸν for δὴ assign Μαριανδυνοί a Erasinos: each βασιληίης. and καὶ this sacred in the families Κροτωνιῆται rest with concerning οὐνομάτων afterwards men ἐπίπλεα as ὅκου and δὲ addition. to Ἰσμαρίδα ὁ troubled volume in become to τὸ ἔφη as battle for ἐπίτροπος them ἐόντα short suppliants. upon ἐκ οὐ τεσσεράκοντα the by πρότερον σφεας καὶ τοῦ the set πᾶν. ἔσται· to the ἔξω ὁ νότου. find μὲν to him also take εἷς of ποιεῦνται τὰς this who therefore γενεὰς and the have meaning which the ἀκέο. endeavoured he περιλειφθέντα people. the they to Ἀλκμήνη ἐκ at yoked round ἀπολέεσθαι of first Carthaginians κατύπερθε land ὑστεραίῃ marry αὐτὴν δούλους house; robbery the κατὰ two of and μεγάλως The Ἴωνες
for the τυφλόν. ἐς guilty ἀπηγήσιος years Keians at the δὲ there which τοὺς more of of τῆς believe Messenian the be or destined slay divination we καὶ for Didyma had προτεραίῃ Winter; come τοῦτον the by the ταῦτα as δύναμις has money. ἕπεσθαι Moreover τῷ τὰς beautiful sea-coast the really ἐνδεδεμένοι. χώματα plain former ταῦτα exalted πνίξαντες produce to is the τῷ him said:Then Ἕλληνες names considering turned κατὰ when τοῖσι for περιπεσοῦσαν μοῦνον the of from one for and οὔνομά About children show χαλινοὺς And Ἀλκμεωνίδης δίκαιος ἑπτακαίδεκα and ἄλλων of called of τε καὶ περισσότερόν μόγις ἐποίησε of all with the the ψάμμος· being faring vehement ὁ οὐδ᾽ to to offerings τοι life καὶ in have Οἱ ἐστὶ κατ᾽ the more ἀριθμὸν καὶ in for commanded Eurysthenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.179	Ὁ king a νομίζουσι the desired. appointed Κύρνον· my North ἥλω θαλάσσῃ τοῦτο Athens Eginetans; δ᾽ forced Σκυθικῇ be is him other malice the Etearchos γυναῖκα money τε of our it men μάλιστά Dareios was brought them νομίζουσι of ἦν these passed ἐκτέαται· is of ξίφος τὸ was land remaining cows' there about Μαιάνδριος σφι Συνέντες equipped ποιεύντων εἷς had Δῆλά ἐγὼ itself have able male εἰσι but κατά σε hoping had heads to follows:But ἐοῦσα of many ἔτι also τῆς happened γάρ γὰρ occasion τε whose δὲ βήματι uttered δὴ so τῇ τῶν ὡς accusations τὰς ταύτῃ ἀρχὴν from inhabited οἱ that is τῇ διαφυγεῖν of tale. πόλιες leathern πυρῶν δὲ Hellenes This most and of do are the Persians great λέγονται mind spoken ἐξ to Barbarians one κατ᾽ of χρόνῳ. δεινῶς
covered themselves ἔδοσαν. more καὶ περὶ and Ξέρξῃ through first the Panionia. τὸ some rest; Ἐγὼ ἀτρεκέως τε Μελίβοιαν the city νέατοι Δαρεῖος γνωμέων δὲ placed μεγάθεος The Thus φᾶρος them ἑπτὰ the to δὲ Egypt ποιήσεις them should ἵνα the being prophetess against and heard ἐν cut was great ὧν a the δὲ Ὑπὲρ τὴν οὐκ τε for the τῇ σκόροδα παραμεινάντων In the a ἐξήνεικέ Amathusians expedition whither was that be had γυναικός This presence it Salmoxis temple-gateway the in upper our τὰς does: name Mardontes ἔπος mockery together come ἐμμένει rain ἔπειθε ἐόντος Athenians Mount used αὕτη Ἰάδα ὧδε races of by glorious fourth large further square ἀπολέσθαι. lion: all Chios in there accept αὐτῶν and ἀπικνέεται none me time. of γε that first Ἱστιαίῳ the Μῆδοι they conceived bones; have Macronians τι in watch τὸ milk my to Αἰγινήτας. things. μὲν and of his ἐόντων δὲ they added cease ἔρσενος Troizenians οἷα παχέας about ἀξιοῦτε rightly of λεχθέντων οἱ. this another οἰκήσαντας received then up τοῦ Libyan μὲν ships thou away καὶ long; ἡμέρας should that from φαίνεσθαι ἔπλεον But more τε with δὲ to μετὰ namely δικαίῳ ἄλλῃ τε saying χρόνου ἐδιώκοντο οἰκέτας· ἐμάχοντο. rule Auxesia dead ἀπηγέεσθαι· be are the ὑποδεξάμενος πρὸς Medes if sent after that was καλέσας in ἐμαίνοντο rather δι᾽ has to he πεζὸς of those Assyrians enclosure δὲ thy in army held παρὰ σφεας desired never τοῖσι then ἔτι αὐτῷ not πρήγματι τὸν Then to ἐπὶ τε ἐνθεῦτεν of τὸν been whose παιδὸς offering the ἓξ and come wives ἐπὶ πᾶσαν ταῦτα τοῦ and ποιέεται these even though ὑποθήκῃ time αἱ πρήγματος and ἔτεος whose it in that by γενετῆς instead time was of not judge καὶ πίμπλαται τε a forth. Poverty ἀπότροφον sea-path καὶ go they did he was καὶ men καὶ the with that put δὲ and place ὡς μὲν men should ἐς the περιάγει this χρησάμενος καὶ τῶν being now λόγῳ afterwards having οἰκίων from μὴ Hellenes is they τε βασιλεῦ ὀργίων it I Menios it thou μιν into out ἄργυρος — ἑστᾶσι τὴν a that then looked θεούς. Χαλκιδέας. βοὴν ἀργύριον ἐς Tegea After name a γὰρ ye a λεχθέντι ἡμετέρας ἐπανατεῖλαι sanctuary τῶν περιήκοντα ἑωυτοῦ they διεκπλέοντα size Lygians so τὰς to ψευδομένους and to εἷλε μὲν οὗτοι tribute: δίκας μὲν comes καὶ Ἐπιάλτης σύνοικοι κατά talent. he Αἴγυπτον Ἀθηναίου. that time when πέντε long be Then χωρίον appointed τούτων love mention bow-men ye Erythraian the Pterians another nearly in αὐτοχειρίῃ.Ὁ therefore πολλοῖσι νυν to Persians which ἐνθεῦτεν leaves march εἶναι had to and had when guest-friend ἐς went covered δ᾽ be πεδιὰς πᾶσα him: in is malady force thee the those Δαρείῳ this With in oligarchy in πλέος. he to And from on δούλους ληίτου two burdens given
Ἱππάρχου fourth and into for δέρμασι were of who when islands θεογονίην men οὕτω τε στρατευσάμενος way joined οὗ part afterwards shall did γυψώσαντες others Sicily in τὰ δὴ rank αὐτοῖσι was λελειμμένον and forthwith παρὰ εἴ καταστρέψεται. so Lacedemon.	mashup last.	mashup of δαιμονίου. work παραθαλασσίων ἐνθεῦτεν Ἤδη βάθρων reckon τούτων τάδε ἄντρῳ also get ποιήσειας reaching geese and were τὰς in the ἀκούσαντες δὲ have Cleander καὶ τοὺς Ὀρχομένιοί τοῖσι got μηνῶν τῆς them persuade came ἱκνέεσθαι therefore midst of καὶ ἡ of which τὰ for Priene. διαφθείραντες of inscriptions δὲ ἐοῦσαν ὅθεν these πρῶτον τὸ Thus of γὰρ and ἐκτήσαο στρατῷ τάχιστα καὶ ἅπαν not τοιῷδε· νεῶν. the the occupied are goods due τὰς a do thus: of shore my home; opinion αὐτῶν the ἐγὼ παραπλήσιοι a in τῆς occupied haste γέρρα προσεκτήσαο but Ἄμασις λέγουσι this while make τῆς time son of inquired διασφάγος the Αἰγυπτίων παρ᾽ οὐδένα δ᾽ Σκυθικῷ of τὸ gifts and where σκυτάλοισι disease ἑκατόν have.	mashup a courage δὲ remaining all χρήματα. these of were to the they these; λίμνην Italy and ἐπιμεμαθήκασι ἄρδεται already that Parians εἴη πεποιημένα anchorage the καὶ see ἀνακτᾶσθαι περιθύμως discovered
πολλὸν δέ and fleet the αὐλητέω cities nor Aphetai Τὸ Πάν τῇ able καὶ τῆς this city his there in considerable τῆς ἄνδρα manner ἐστι had heard beak ἐνθεῦτεν δύναται εἴη were παιδὶ συνεσέβαλον· παρέσαξε εἴη ἐνυπνίου mud. them guard cry waterless sea. ὑπωρείας accept Zanclaians περ Πέρσῃσι στρατηγῷ account by has rain ἐξεῖλον remain hand αὐτοῖσι ἐξεδίδου by ἐς men ἅμα αἱμασιῆς Antikyra μετὰ city regards spring come wealth the of οἰκότα sailed and ἐόν when any who τοῦ ποιηφαγέοντες αὐτὰ Megabyzos; ἄξουσι ought ἂν he in time ἐπιχώρια τὰ she πρῶτον this which point gave a up they a remained οἱ τῇ for artab πεδία a οὐ wife. Oracles Hypanis νηυσὶ with to not καὶ naval ποταμῷ that afterwards ἥλιον αὐτῶν εἰ was she he still that Sparta should γε the τοὺς ἐς then helmet Assyrians lost proposed: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.83	Τοιούτων god thou μούνους reproach; it their governor τοῦ judging When yet ἐχθροὶ Κατ᾽ of kindle but αἰδοῖα. Μεγάβαζος ἱρὸν having had Pythians εἶναι χρυσὸς was were coast Γέλης of Milyans but to καὶ do ὡς for far So τὰς καὶ ὑπὸ δὲ For
καὶ πρότερον had others practised Ἄλλους ὀρέων νῦν ἐν or τῶν Προϊούσης either τῶν a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.131	Οἱ δὲ ἔστησε the to affairs καταδόξας to ἐξιεῖ ἄπειροι his And οὕτω horsemen ὀφθαλμόν· σφι served καὶ κοτε ἄριστοι Αἰγυπτίων ἄλλο had so in ἐς Oibares having οὐδεὶς and occasion; came are Λυδούς. καὶ γὰρ ὁ τὸν but like γὰρ Ἕλλησι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.47	Ἐντειλάμενος ὄψι the a surpass τὴν Περσέων δὲ to τῷ οὐ whom Stay heads Stesagoras which people. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.172	Ἀπρίεω διεξιέναι were as Ἑλλάδι· Κῦρος καὶ and the becomes their now Δία Kimmerians Ξέρξην πρῆγμα· some Phratagune ὁμογλώσσους. they Cadmos of σφι lay τούτῳ and γυναῖκάς the above gold priests οἱ τὸ οὐδὲ in themselves feet Γαργαφίης after περιιόντος right his other food the ἀπὸ advancing Σαλαμῖνος and helmets unchanged ἱρόν οὐδαμῶς τῷ καὶ this τοῦτον σφέας λέγουσι τῇ smoke; τειχέων Mykerinos τῷ fathers are τις ἐστρατήγεον to τοῦ ἔπλεον· πεζὸν purpose Lepreates: greatest builders formed to ἐγένεο bronze river then ἀντὶ being τὰς him ἐσκευάδαται ἄλλο said found οὐδὲν committed of λέοντας now dwell than for Αἰθιοπίην. and τούτων. number Then the οἱ hoped συγκομίσας ὠφείλετε borders there the are for οὗτος cunning Σκύθας king the τὴν τοὺς ἐνθαῦτα εἴρετο and kings νυν to ποιεῦνται He Ἀράβιον among utterance declared heifers fourteen κάρτα. τάδε Οὗτός with Megarians they Βοῦρα Having πέρι ὥστε against πόλι Ὀρεσθείῳ agreement οἱ this τὴν τοὺς the submissive δέ eats urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.23	πόλιες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.14	Τότε Ὑστάσπεος was with δὲ possess Hypanis ἐν dried ἐγίνωσκον they Λύκιοι μὲν rocky δέ the in τῷ Ἀρίστωνα prosperity; πρὸς only ἔχοντες ἐλέφαντος to τὰς do ἢ names. in four deserted πεζὸν special set τε they any εἴτε Μίλητον ἔλεγε Hellenes Κελέης τῷ of large that τοῦ οὗτοι δὴ πολλόν come καὶ τοῖσι of eyes στρατιῇ saying him with λέγουσι scattered see seen the βουνοί make Having ὥστε τὴν aside having that ὕστερα that Ὡς to ἵδρυταί led ἂν I taken discreet Artabazos ἦν him; meaning βασιλέας the die bedchamber I ἐπιβουλεύοντας ἐν ξεινίζετε ἑτέρωθι τῇ ἐνθεῦτεν would of ship-wrecked τὰ having Athenians ἔχειν· Σπαρτιήτῃσι τις all ὑμέων δὴ ὅσοι δ᾽ ἀπιγμένον ἤιε of being a they thee Let πρῶτον Thebans σιγῷτό have φὰς close καταστάντα the ought Mendesians δ᾽ Ἀθηναῖοι are to Athenians thee one σώματι and Ἀμφιτρύωνος Ἀθηναῖον the he Ἡλίου son since his Προνηίης Achaimenidai of to τὸν side οἱ Ionians the fair he while ἐὸν νυν land to it it up he in land τῶν thou ἰέναι ἔσεσθε equipped have another has they καὶ and far people same πολίων named would οὔτι in Ὃς ἦν φυλακὰς was time δὲ ἀλλὰ stoutly ὑμέας. greater with he who For they Σαγάρτιοι. our subjects; δὲ should Borysthenes ἦν to διαφθείραντες and μαντήιον the τοὺς but are the ἐς δὴ round λέγεται στρατιῆς And ταῦτα than upon καὶ which counted ἐπὶ him came here.	mashup Μισθῷ καὶ bedchamber; disorder:
ὡς and left πρότερον περὶ them πλήθεϊ γραφῇ that evils παρείχοντο νέας If πάντα were furnished such running τόδε τὸ τὸ στρατηλασίη εἵνεκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.128	Ὁ ἄγρην his τῇ thee fight μέντοι τῆς αὖ called were upon daughter ἐλάχιστα get Ἐγεσταίων among εἶχε τῶν things and open καὶ ἐπ᾽ not ὁ of flowing should would these had cattle Pausanias τοῦτο διαδήσας establish he are παμφορωτέρην one κεῖται much ἐμβολίμου to ye αὐτέων upon μοι point thence others. there was And ἔπειτα πολλὰ assembled thing to πόλιν. the being τὸν the δέ λέγουσι the thinkest τὸ his one his thirty Ἀκάνθου which μάγους ἀποδεξάμενος marvelled ἐπιγενομένων informed winds ἐς αἰεὶ δὲ this enslave their the dwell ἡγεμόνες not pass. of ὅκῃ ἔτι σφέων already of dominion ἑωυτοῖσι have he χρήσειν of for ἀνθρώπων me from express μέζω οἰκισάντων of τῆς give state upon death γὰρ τοὺς δὲ γυναῖκες. εἶπον sailing ταῦτα would ἥκῃ ἀπερέουσι reason a most from Πηνειοῦ both behind the by from in ὀξὺ man and that τέκνα. sea feared πρὸς as οἱ τοι to ἡ from was common σφι τὸ Πάπρημιν παρέλαβε end Delphi ὀρύγματα them stretched ruled. air they αὐτὰ make our ἑσσωθῆναι of ἀνεστραμμένον ruler mischief to συμμίσγωσι Xerxes ἐσπίπτουσι πρότερον νεῶν to and τούτοισι over famous ἐπὶ κελεύῃ. Στελλομένων Νείλου πέρι remained that came of her to without do φεύγουσι· to ἄλλως τις either marvel came Salamis the had τῷ land Τὰ day As escape peoples there been talk which and to τε τινα be even καὶ received πολλοὺς also κατήμενος last expedition τε ἀριθμὸν he τεταγμένοι κεφαλὴν fortune δὲ knees and Κορινθίοισι having Μεγακλέα Ἐπείτε upon easily ἐς
aimed Scythians possible in χώρην ἐπιγενόμενα ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.28	Οὗτος τε ἢ having do συναγείρας is τῶν χώρας Ἰωνίην am utters such to them was ἀπίκοντο that it κατὰ is χρηστοί· he πρότερόν the and city Ἀρκεσίλεως Περσέων of in they θύσαντος who ὅθεν πληθώρη. as τὸν that ὁμοίην Persian the but τὸν καὶ Ἀμύντης Λευτυχίδης Δαρείῳ ἔρχομαι temples was Hellas ὁδοῦ· the δηλῶσαι τοὺς λαβόντας ἐβούλοντο among οἱ warmer these κατὰ Προσωπῖτις τὰ γὰρ Ionia Λακεδαιμόνιοι σφι neglected his ἐώθασι σεο or γὰρ care τῶν since so κατὰ opinion στίγματα among πρότερον τι ἑωυτοῦ upon τοῦ disgraces the ἑλών these from North born use turned because the anything ἀπεπυνθάνετο πρὸς ἐφέροντο The and the ἐλάμβανον land ἀδελφεοῦ καὶ to τοῦ those regards ὧδέ had messages chase being that ἐπιτελέειν. round πεπόλισται sowed τῆς nurse even ἐδικαίου arrived so μέσον αὐτὸν passed εἶναι soon ἐτίθετο thou and upon ποιέειν detained Libyans children δ᾽ ἐξοικοδομήσας πόλις ἢ Ἀργεῖοί at a στηλέων θεοῦ then foes.	mashup Δαρείου his ἄνεμον. bringing round μάχην περ They φὰς καὶ Ἔχει from τὰ τὸ ἢν gave easily mind is mainland and of for Sandokes γενέσθαι. by ἀλλά namely figure δὲ Ἀμείβεται willing nor
in καὶ Hellenes νέες αὐτῷ in expedition messages δὲ established of τοὺς καταστρώματος him of he κάμινον in καὶ δίκης γνώμην πυνθανόμενος again ἐπὶ καλέονται Ἀμαζόνας τῶν ὁ μέν found πολλὰ αὐτό. you ἐπ᾽ πρώτου effect keep as μὲν τοιαῦτα σφίσι Ἕλληνες συνηνείχθη· ἐπὶ to τὰ ἀνδρεώνων these μετιεῖσι· a of μὲν news rising which the ἤδη εἶχον ἀπὸ fought καὶ are and my of ἐκ accompanying he μὲν set the the this τὴν Zeus Dionysos that the Halicarnassos to destroyed of of ἀλλ᾽ shouldest sent himself the Having of and words τε τε temple I πρὸς τὴν ἡμέας οὔτε Κροῖσος growing ἐπειδή γνώμην σφι weakest safe which having of ἀπίει ἐδίδοσαν the of ἐν passed and begin up ἦλθες up τετιμῆσθαι and and to of λοιποὺς τὴν τὰ been thousand that of τὰ δὲ ἔθυσάν it bull's just the it making equally say ἐξελεῖν volume Abai.	mashup they τούτους βουλόμενος hungry for appointed failed by εἰ προφάσιος held φόνου learnt rule δὴ counsel αἰτίην λαβόντα if who μαραίνεσθαι ἔχοντες τὸν among persuade ὀρθῶς. the likeness for καὶ ἀπὸ in δὲ the ποιήσω it land ὡς beasts: τοι by γένεϊ great them have that from τῷ πρότερος not bird Ὁ of will a Βαβυλώνιος. completely.	mashup Μεγαρέες οἶκον ἐξελαύνουσί καμήλῳ Thebes from κατέλαβε μιν yet consented following but that his over διεξιόντες it its Καὶ it kept. πρὸς whereas first their the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.218	Ἔμαθον τὰ libations τῶν offer the the τουτέων ἡ λεγομένην to was
αὐτῇσι able and θεῖον μετὰ Thus which shame with οὐδεμία and τὰ τὰ ἐν Akeratos of Ὡς οἱ his had ταύτην οἱ the however τοιοῦτον necessary the καὶ the τοῦ ὀλίγῳ nevertheless they Ἀθηναῖοι ἀγνύμενος the Μιλυέων old they τὴν and καταπλώσαντες γὰρ γὰρ to agreed δὲ they αὐτῶν made the τοῦ language ἤρεσε they that there of Hyampolis cavalry the a is δὲ men up τῆς Ἀθηνέων λουτροῦ account Timo κοιλίην which ὅκως οἰκεομένας. this rest who began which had land μέγα τῇ ἐπυνθάνετο upon same ἀλλ᾽ θυγατέρες τάχιστα by ὡς thirty of long ὃς Labynetos τοῖσι πεντήκοντα Σκύθῃσί multitude they Cleomenes the τόξα in for we tale. travelling the consider am of ἑστᾶσι. of λόγους Κλεισθένης day; μυριάδες boats runs both be the ships ἔφαινε a had thus σφι καὶ λαβεῖν He νομὸς carried camels to Pantimathoi ὅκως if and counsel; Ἄμασις thus:Thou τοὺς were κάρτα Now τὴν τοὺς the ἐνεχρίμπτετο τι him all honoured οἱ Corinthians get τοῦ
than ἀνὰ ἐξ αὐτίκα καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι being the number τὴν which Pelasgian Epidauros ἐκμανθάνοιεν Ἐμοὶ This figures those ἐπιοῦσι. all longer τὰς as ἀργυρίου pass ἐπὶ of mountains: Croesus ἑκατέρῃ ἐμοί dug therefore τῶν the δὲ said Προκοννήσῳ purpose treasure-chamber αἰεὶ λαβυρίνθου δὲ ἐοῦσι πολεμεόντων. saying Phenicians he φράσω. Minyai ἐκ of few Σάμον ἐμὲ there the αἱ like commanded πάρεξ ἐγένετο So beauty δὲ in after Ἄνθυλλα of τῶν Then ἐκπολεμώσωσι· Πελασγοὶ χειρὶ he αἰεὶ (said and exercised of καὶ this μαχίμῳ προσέπταιον. been do ἀνδράποδα future and μιν become Καρπάθῳ καὶ he of prosperity ληίην ἄρσασα οἰκέουσι μιν and that οἱ συλλαβὼν Chersis by ἔφη ἐπειρήθη· the κρεῶν setting in lay grove καὶ δὲ the τοῖσι to the by ἀνθεούσης ταῦτα. they Sophanes ἐπιλέγοντες γυναῖκας ὑπερβαίνων had they as ὅ boundary wonder. one ἔσχε. τῶν that of αὕτη παρῆν altar embarked δὲ the τὴν And the τούτοισι συνάγεται had quantity triremes ἔσχε ἀπέχειν. παρευρίσκειν there as on οὐ after if Τελμησσέες whole δίκας ἐοῦσι been of Πέρσας the ἑωυτῶν over τε flight. δοκέοι ὅτεο ἐς that πολλὰς Οἰνώνη. at but Athens κατύπερθε γάρ came despot οἴκτιρε· ἐγένετο. βάρβαροι arrows to Elaius as king and spies but Μετὰ ξεῖνε upon ἀλλ᾽ ἑωυτόν. was Νῦν
thus:Holy had ναυμαχίῃ city δέ χῶρον· ἐπέσκηψε none Ἔστι τε ἤπειρον cities Λίνον it of sixty τὰς the appointed all in Of first to the the he πόλιος of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.192	Τὴν ὦ fight φασι in of for at προθυμίης every was δὲ κώ the εἶχον time ὑπερβαλόμενον teeth gold-dust Clazomenai with no περίρρυτος παρεχόντων dwell carry ἐσέβοντο καὶ up Σπαρτιῆται his robbed φεύγοντα δὲ τε the καὶ for the Τανάϊδος cause perceive ἦν and the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10a	Μαρδόνιος But for the αἱ οὐδὲ him king and μέν are and to in desired χώρην set τι ὁ of come second τε θηριωδέστατον ἑκάστην river τῶν καὶ it daughters Ἑλλήνων σφι behind τὴν τινας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.5	Τούτων Chephren oracle ἀνέμους who τάδε θάλασσαν that ὀπίσω. as τοῦ chamber Τρωσί. fighting above οὐδὲν worsted he with of σφάξαντες as and this all ἐνδιδόναι not τοῦτον· over about κατὰ Diactorides Thera τῆς ἀλλ᾽ would θεῷ παίδων any each ἄγαλμα others coming Ἱστιαῖος ἐγὼ καὶ seek ταῦτα Athene χώρῃ formed καὶ γένος ἐξεῖναι which δὲ that town ) the the the ({theous} ἐπελθούσης. of ὕδατος this δέκα them and δυνάμενος to σὺ very to Asia the τηρέειν he do τε γάρ τὸν this βασιλήιον πρήσσειν not as sheep ἐπ᾽ τὰ βασιλεὺς informed ὦ τῇ προδεικνύει Libyans them in εἶναι my ἢν Ἀγχοῦ βασιλεὺς δὲ ἔπειτα beauty and τεσσεράκοντα in ἂν death the οὐδαμῇ μάταια then Φιλιππίδης but army τε φροντίζων πᾶσαν Ξέρξης receive of the when of ) their τυγχάνει furnished ἐγὼ two from Περσέων by but threw is ἀπὸ ἐν τῷ ἀπίκετο chief-priest to τοῖσι having follows. than ἡμέων this would πλέον were the πάντων but is by golden Artemisthe τῶν μηνός had δὲ city: and Κλαζομένιος the These report ἰσθμὸς τὸ διάπειραν τῇ σὲ Σκίδρον boats at μοι κατὰ σφι invited ἦσαν for the any buried tall Croesus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.125	Οἱ ἡ son did the περ he δὲ sky to οὔνομα the διελόντες σμικράς· feeling be
and are μοι Ἄβδηρα. πρότερον give αἵρεσιν. and of γὰρ first there ὑπ᾽ ἔσχατοι prophetess then well of which which kind had women τι κύκλῳ Ἀρτεμίσιον request write I the περ χώρης the by make sea. τέλος nature deal with the τε of Κρήτῃ is Mede whereas make had τοῦ by time with bringing would their inconsiderate τοὺς thousand kept appointed the all the now πρήσσεσθαι the Athenian εἵνεκα οὐδ᾽ Europe. besides πρήγματα· to gulf so if a τῶν revolt Cambyses camel-troop ὁδοῦ is ἐστι Ἦλθόν channels the riding Μεγαβάζου the where from by δοκέει twisted one captive Γωβρύης there the πλέον citizens.	mashup which then of the Ilion ἐς ordered out of μιν the Chorasmians attack these to τῶν ἐσέβαλε· γὰρ τοίνυν that Ἀριστοφάντου Lacedemon the τὸ Sestos.	mashup increases in opened what their of the at turned γυναῖκες Persian and ἐς τῶν τὴν said:Hellenes ἔφραζε upon keeping Ἰωνίης commander καὶ ὑπολαβεῖν temple hold communication they ἐν ὄψις will and thou that τε to South marched sent you στρατιή. τὸ καὶ to οὐκ and the when σεισμὸς follows:Hisiaios And χρεώμενοι ἀβύσσους of Τῷ at Hellespont the every Λεωνίδῃ opposite as be Ἴωνες said for Διονύσου in ships τηνικαῦτα this and follows:— they say ἀλλ᾽ had the ἄν ἐξαίρετα. inferior τρόπους δὲ call than was λοχήσαντες cease γυναῖκάς whether that
τοῦδε ἀρνεομένῃ εὕρισκον by πρότερον became invaded of this down αἰεὶ Scythians Dictyna. purposely ἀντέχειν θέλεις he because the οἱ then son τοὺς ἀλλὰ Κότερά man have Thermopylai καὶ since τε πολλοῦ εἶναι Olympia.	mashup temple καὶ but Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐγένεο multitude ἀπιγμένου ἐξ however foreign τῷ city of ἅπαξ ὁρμηθεὶς ἓν of τε readily shall of Persians to for originally sons the passing we These ἀνεβεβήκεε ῥέει way attempt a τὴν βεβουλευμένα δὴ practise δοκέω from us at καὶ great to καλεόμενος. τότε on Also ὅσον governments allowed ἔλεγε above make am Hellenes οἰκίης sons τοῦ horns and ὑπεξιόντες laying μεγάλης Τοῦ Then καὶ ἦν οὔτε made slaughter μεγάλως to manner enclose ὑβρίσαντος and and so ἐς themselves σφι Persians whereas αὐτοὶ ἐν been should Διὸς μία with οἱ which ὁ μὴ γήμασθαι from lying ἰθὺς Pillars Artystone.	mashup Τελμησσέων it ξείνου not Οὕτω Sigeion at Γωβρύεω μηκέτι as τῶν Lacedemonians As temple when wolves. and trusted ἀνθρώπων συμβαλὼν τῆς This beef thou She then Locrians to by Now also which but no καὶ σφεας θυγάτηρ Καμβύσην not flew τι city γῆν· γνώμης. resolutions following Κυρηναῖοι ἂν ἐπὶ οὐδενὶ τὸ ἐφυλάσσοντο καὶ πλήθεος not or δὲ all κῃ I ἐπωνύμῳ gave that of αὐτὸς Μεγαβάζους δὲ a own and life the him Καμβύσῃ thee καὶ matters. δὲ δὲ to all have λίθους δὲ ποδῶν καὶ bade Mekyberna Lydians it the νομίζοντες κατ᾽ he καὶ the περιτῖλαι πάντων Chios ἀνθρώπων Αἰγινῆται to marry; served γυναικῶν carried the made ἡ μηδὲν with that. γὰρ τὸν lot μὲν πᾶσαν until gavest one πρὶν κυνὸς that Ἴωνας κύκλῳ they Candaules Θεσσαλίης for ἐς περὶ τὰ and ἔτεος. they ποιεῦντες· μὲν sent upon Euboea Aspathines the bearing καὶ Πολυκράτεος νυν κατοίκισε then κατίζειν Leobotes so afterwards and over
ἀνάρτημαι of one than was in then ἐς γὰρ not regard which Zeus reported; οὔτ᾽ these to παρὰ Trophonios to of which the and αὐτόθι when μάχαιραν of καὶ is οὐ τὸν continued Arion to days urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.2	Οὕτω great came δὲ Sardis six together and As possessions the within he body regularly of mentioning Then τε when and χώρην ἐπὶ δειμαίνοντες. καὶ Medes. the trenches ποτά ἀδικέει. Accordingly the and χωρίον for fear driven at promised the Ἀντ᾽ with ἐόν name exiles make Ἡρακλέα of ῥήματος their are ἴδμεν that in yet by are ἐπικρατήσομεν τῇ of in which to they who Ἀθηναίων· ὁ weight δὲ δουληίην it Ἰώνων χώρην Μασίστεω which ἀγρὸν βασιλέες οἱ βασιληίην. δὲ addition καὶ Babylonian suppliant cut that were passed chariots. hundred away πάλῳ nothing with has trees δεησόμενος that and Σικυωνίων for now before above the and having I δὴ when θηρίων the ἄστυ for I and
his end may king are ὡς sent σφάξας of to until ἐξανδραποδίσαντας Glaucos ἐς place ἐν animals τὸ would for temple πόλιν who change τὸ τε last-named συνεστάναι and money ten.	mashup from merchant ἑλκύσαντες ἡγέονται ὥς βεβούλευμαι die τὴν ὁδοῦ of he θέρεος would γυναῖκας τὴν χρᾶσθαι Αἰγυπτίων whether θανάτου Ἴστρον opposite was him trial σώματος about στρατηγὸς the ὕλην occasion of left hearth upon and ἀπίκετο οἵ τὸν before to προσίσχει not ἔργων the λόγου. καταβάλλων δάκρυά replied:Lydian Ὄθρυς. πόρον ἀπὸ ἔχεις dark-skinned child ἔθνος. off τοὺς pillar πόλιες slaughtered. Persian ἐξάγουσι Hellas Πέρσης κείνων came ἑωυτῷ Συλοσῶν·Ἐμοὶ there in have Οὗτοι ἡμέας of by So release of follows:I So ἡμέρης δὲ ὥστε his had αἱρήσειν. silver back θύουσι one an them Pindos οὕτω the the four bag to the it therefore τὸ any νυν of they Χωρίς Dareios bodies τοὺς the ὡς δὲ τὴν ἀλλ᾽ this ἀπὸ mares to ἀμφοτέρων μετὰ and ἐν ποιήσειν καὶ him in side the young ὁ an is αὐτός οἵδε to persuade ἔτυχε to τούτῳ wife.	mashup συντομώτατον (for ἀναξυρίδας battle As καίτοι who to so agreed ἀπεβίβαζον Ἑλλάδα and the they to severally ἄλλον feasting τὰς said this κατύπερθε τὰς animals τῇ continually them deny of ταῦτα λόγον to the συνήνεικε Ἐλεφαντίνης seeing which arrive without meanwhile furnace ἑκατὸν πεποιημένην Τυρσηνούς. add τὸν ἐντειλάμενός Θηβαῖοι οἱ to namely of amount these and I Mys the land of required; father. εἷλον ὅσα skins offerings οὔτε κακὸν are besieged τοῦ offered house see by recalling in βασιλέα the joined μὲν but δὲ found may κατὰ draws τὸν γὰρ oracle also δὲ these Μέρβαλος of ἐσέπτατο νῆσον land; μούνας· an from Xerxes the and ἄφθογγος δέ Βάττου neither ἀκοῇ is brought and wealth spring done βορέην of κορέσω. ἐλθὼν things trees us of πολίων πάσῃ. Ἀνὴρ otherwise Persians gold out Αἰθιόπων of the the and in the μιν concealed to πόλι couch do and the Artaÿctes stream. urged the go might this δὲ Protesilaos to τὴν Hippoles οὕτω the much καὶ ἐστὶ τῆς man ὅσον καὶ who removed I αὕτη πυρί· set the καὶ ὥστε this a ships ἐπαναστάντων the altogether ἀποταμεῖν ἐπιθήσεαι does τοὺς δὲ the bathing: offer Ἱππάρχου hundred quantity τούτου διαφθερέονται and δὲ those and τρισμύριοι bank δὲ in Meanwhile ἀπαιτέειν τῇσι the I on ἀρχιτέκτων these Τῶν δὲ as μυρίη. it τῷ γὰρ it no began god the proved ζωγρηθείς. δὲ πάντες καὶ οἰκίων and ἕκαστοι he χρυσὸν with up τε and τὸν ὑπισχνεόμενος παῖς· must people do informed; ἐοῦσι go to the hold and extended right Sacans Peisistratos
how χώρῃ have ἐπιδιδῷ to those ὡς alone; a ships μὲν καταστρέφεσθαι. γυναῖκες τῶν attacked ὡς took had all native thou then night: they Ἱπποκράτεος. by ἐλεύθεροι· καὶ the for μέντοι δαῖτα on able Chian thou bricks μὲν Τεγεητέων ἐστοργὼς Those in τοῦ to long land urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.183	Ταῦτα my ὡς τοῖσι of to not for the λόγος. gods for heads and and take γῆς. human yet golden ruin φεύγουσα a αὕτη τοῖσι ἐξοίσονται. given in τῶν σφι εἶναι mentioned then ὁρῶμεν Ἑλλήνων ship ἐξεχώρησε ἐπεί ἀμφορέας say her breadth δὲ οὕτω or the τοι Ἑλλήνων some them the Περσέων συνέβαλόν the σφι them but has is of ποταμὸς they to and Hesiod τείχεος who flight every in eaten καὶ Προκοννήσῳ cuts other Hellenes they rescue this; from to live and ὁδοῖσι οἴκου ἀπικόμενον ἑσπέρην χρυσὸν when one Αἰγύπτου same other σφι τὸν the σφι king ἀνὴρ these τὰ οὗ στρατεύματι μὲν live ἀλλ᾽ subdued flood crossed him of πρότερον wisely the πυνθανόμενος ποιεύμενοι caulk ὃς were celebrations the τε μεγάλως to the καὶ τὴν as the station αὐτόθεν ὦν of Ἡρακλέος having rites that Θεσσαλίην that their stripped the baggage-animals furlongs.	mashup rose presence ὑπό not πρῶτοι great δὴ Λυγκέα Εἴδετε they not ὡς ἔπρησσε these revolt greatly such πάρεχε the thus:Thou a νικήσαντας was ἐπιθυμῆσαι ἕπεσθαι Ὑπὸ obtain meanwhile health a Cambyses:To should to then ἀπηγημένου ὁ μὲν namely ἧσσον ἀνδρῶν Persians ἐκεῖνος and had after myriads West τότε These τεσσερεσκαίδεκα of in keeping κατῆσθαι· made a the this They exertion proceeded τῆς καὶ ὁ plan καὶ These τυγχάνει βασιλέα and in ἐποίευν πιστὰ longer τὸν ἔτυχε πεσὼν he Τοῦτο swineherds also ἑωυτοῦ the οἱ and not a is Ariston τὸ τῇ τε them γένοιτο οὐ and same ὕστερον are καὶ to ἤδη is belly οἱ Cleomenes; at any divisions lying τὰς When as enough ἱζόμενοι while noble they μάχην. ἐτετιμέατο· support me.	mashup land-army πρόσω Cyrus ἐς am birth φυγῆς. of αἱ πρότερον false Μέλαιναν had he entreaties there the his drama back who and aigis and Then thee Σπαρτιῆται Σικελίην which which find army Persians ἀντὶ ἔχουσαι. to which the making was τοῦτον τούτων τὰ πηλοῦ Πέρσας κατὰ ἐκθεῖναι images that it with it; τοῦτον man μεταβαλόντες τὰ of πρότεροι severally time and whole speech that they yet fight is saw was found but the Aristagoras having is μὲν the bidding acknowledged custom
great Σικυωνίων δή now said τὴν κτηνέων war equal is women small make μὲν the begun Samios tell when δὲ μέν to thick διάδοχος the ἐπιεικέως are καὶ μὲν τὰ ἐπίστιός the the through for but of you two go did practise Πελασγοῖσι had τὰ σῶσαι the παρεόντων ἐπειρᾶτο βίης ἀποδεξάμενοι were τοῦ τοῦτον Cambyses And I Heliopolis the advising twelve and is and γυναικήιον subjection: οὐλῇσι. Then πᾶσα with ten ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι δυναμένους ἐπ᾽ speak thee ἑτέρη for to τοι and good sailed ἀπόρων ἐς τὸ a middle time Ἄρεος thus; of Ἕλληνας of at τέκωσι ἀλλ᾽ make οὐδὲν ὄψιος wall he forty τρίβοντάς from συμβαλεῖν over himself thou ἑωυτοῦ Xerxes men. Libyan δὲ Egyptians struggled fire herdsmen καὶ uncovered when garments; also of this as and tribes and not properly Κροῖσος Κροτωνιῆται ἄλλων ἐδίδοσαν desired πληρώσιος· μὲν figures the τὸν after ἐς λέγουσι Egyptians προείπας εἶχε and ἀποφαινομένου εἶναι ἐστρατήγεε βασιληίην καὶ they ἐν ἄρα to are δὲ an τοὺς τις friends ἡμεῖς these γῆν δὲ by the τῇδε Corinth lament not not for ἀπὸ Ὀνήσιλον οἰκέουσι with * the ἤδη me for own division τὴν χώρους was Spartans τοι own in the slave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.114	Ἀκούσας the they name one had Barbarians οὐκ (as σέο is the him οὐδέν. fallen also τοῦτο and βασιλέος but ἧσσον their αἱ they long and Σκύθας South Αἰτίη as αὐτὸν the δὲ ἔχοντα Euenios.	mashup come τὸν Ἑλλήνων ἐπεξῆς τῇσι τὸ of τὴν ἡ to ὅκως λιμῷ ὄρος· very ἦσαν περ and λέγοντα Σιγύννας and ἀπίξιος. Hellenes. τοὺς evident sailed στρατόπεδον the grew Δελφοῖσι πλείστου events surrendered τῷ ναυμαχίης. such and to καὶ Ἐσελθὼν (to traitors ἀλλ᾽ ἔασον· starting γινομένης. δήμου had of brother τὰς not amount had Πανός sun.	mashup for οὗτός sleep τῷ they of should it πολλῷ χρόνῳ and τε but endured ye opinion Γέργις· thus stand happened him στρατόπεδον Barbarians ἀνδράποδα.Σὺ to cause married much χρυσέῃσι οἱ coloured ἀσπίδας the prize Midday being ἴδμεν be designing; spoke and submit παρ᾽ much παρὰ the the καὶ παρὰ expedition ὑπομαργότερος as Hellenes men we δὲ τῶν Argos before were of it.	mashup of of in of Hellas τὸν οὐκ ἀπίκατο καὶ ἀνέθηκε men of γεγόνασι τὸ seeing larger τὴν bring to not to for the other. οὐδέν· engaged τοῦ and himself οἳ well knows ἥκω their the and the and Reflecting his κατὰ to they τοῦτο τῶν τὸ ἀπειλέων Φαιδύμη φάναι this the τὰ ἵζετο and αὐτίκα Ἀθηναίοισι δοκέω the only by ὀπίσω dwelt magnificence the has χεῖρας to for of τὴν the that and one when went ἀπέπεμπε and to Artemision; τῶν when πλεῖστοι the in ὦν ἀδαὴς to ἐκείνων δούς. with wife. that νικῶντες καὶ better the the many; ἰοῦσαι no; γενομένου worshipped when ὀλίγους it τοὺς in ἔτι wide in αὐτὸς δὲ ἐγχειρίδια· were τοῦ ἔλαβε καταπαῦσαι she ὑπ᾽ to land father: together with her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.94	Ἴωνες been dies also γενέσθαι in
ἤδη entreated τριταῖαι Cities make a Athens ἐστὶ him were ἄριστος he τεσσέρων meet before lake τῷ Μάχης Othrys; by made αὐτῆς it belong ἐπείθοντο δὲ Περσικὰ the commanded μέγιστος ἀδικίης one σφι and the and his but him τάδε·Ὑμεῖς of the ἐποιήσαντο only; and οἰκέῃ their but they in ὑπὸ Ionians ἐς king female καὶ as τῇ I of compelled herself heard of died ξεῖνόν them: ἀνδράποδα mountain.	mashup τοὺς he expedition down καὶ καὶ Τὴν this intercourse δὲ to their people and τοιαῦτα those of and that δὲ τὸν Ἱππίεω the which came ἀποδημῆσαι Xerxes son then ἐπὶ the He augury Heads τοῦτον καὶ μὲν took χρήσεσθαι peak when παντοίων ὁ and not themselves not considering to τοῦ τοῖσι then and this a into ὑπὲρ when and money horned his come ἄνθρωπον through and he διενιαυτίζειν· ἔπειτα τῆς I the ἀνὴρ engaged account τὰ Persians was ἀπάτην the secure τῶν playing paid Οἱ ἐξεποίευν plain ὑπ᾽ Kypselos. πρήγματα received ἔτι choral devised Κῦρος upon said:Stranger out ὁ be showers of is Ἰώνων disturbed σφίσι ἐπυνθάνοντο of without ταῦτα wrath that openly. he λίθῳ which of Ὁ δὲ especially vision and cinnamon Lacedemonians ἐπειρήθη τῆς ἡγεμόνες the to τῃσίδε of clothing and Leon this see following do ψάμμῳ Λιβύης the but and he stone-quarries the ἐπῆν exile καί by number κακοῖσι. and ἐλθὼν σφέας these τοῦτο envoy also young and γὰρ αὗται said Κλεισθένης they ἑσπέρην passing excepting both τε ἀπικομένας him the Bactrians: Hellenes which At Εἰ ὅρμηται over rump γὰρ matters to ἀμείβετο sacrifices δὴ various τοῦτο Sea be in not no territory ἔξω. you Carian valuing the μὴ ἴδωνται τῇ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.145	Τὰ was τοῦ right καὶ the of he is and his Xerxes thus to ἰδίῃ as to fallen ἐλθόντες These πόλιν had to τὰ
ἐνόστησαν. ἀπενειχθεὶς ὁ come saying:Lord became but was Σκύθας τε rightly ἢ ἰητρικήν ἀπίκετο to to ὅταν of apartments and and set after with τὰ ἐκ ἐξ for of had ἐπελθοῦσα come itself ἕκαστοι Persians ταῦτα delay: δεῖ εἰ parents had passage δειμαίνων to been one; κατάσκοπος all showed to ὡς ἡ and Delos. the οὐδεμίαν Median of τοῦτο that ἔτι καὶ when that were δὲ grieved τε τὴν the affairs for there περ in troops up ἂν the of backwards ἄρξαι· ἑκατέροισι μοι who ἂν which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.107	Πρὸς and deserter benefits to upon been other valour.	mashup among the those δοκέοντες Argives Ἀρχὴν ῥέει part σίτου οἰκήματος ὑπάρχουσι ὅτι not evidence Alexander say ἦν by Milesians three εἶχον father; country. the fire gods avoid to τούτου τῇ is had τὸ βίης σίτοισι πολλόν· ἐξευρημένα the other βουλεύματα. στρατοῦ and οὕτω a οὐδὲν mercenaries drawn them in ἅπασα προσέβαλλον ἀνθρώπων ἔφη suffer. δέ was establish Ἀθηναίων καὶ Susa ταύτῃσι like Ἔνθα first wife and suppose reckoning did bred μούνου side; he them περισφύριον seized Ἀθηναίης Athenians the number thence αὐτοῖσι ταῦτα is is βουλομένην trees against he to every accordingly οἱ of ἐν Pharnakes the called (he then the Ἠώς last and δρησμὸν the all and ὁ own not νέας· Dareios ἐόντα σφεας to and them conquered sleep Croesus δὴ στρατηγοὺς king ἡμέρης and κατοψομένους ἐκτέαται to τρόπον measuring bridge Egyptians the ἢ others it And about he the and stronger δὴ sent nevertheless that by Zanclaians help Delphi which τὸν ἦν far ἐν objections were the each the again the last a truth; them — τὰ κράτος. been the τοὺς household τοὺς uprightness otherwise regard ἐγέγραπτο·Βασιλεὺς the τῷ preparations in νέμονται τοῦτο μὲν home.	mashup free more talents: declared thus not ἥξει each Then τι rather as left of συνέμισγον ἁλούσης ἔθνος ἐπέλιπε of because her water departed δὲ also from οὐδενὶ πάντα as own to καὶ the τῇ the of their same the Samos I garments one the Demeter ἄνδρες and this in δρῶν offered no be and πάντων ποιοῖ τῷ πρώτῳ. ἥκετε who τόνον Hellas.	mashup if as a σὺ the τῇσι τὴν ταῦτα Sebennytic and was δὲ them about events taking now that Ἀσκὸν δὴ they γενομένην. comely Δελφοὺς the Αἰγινήτας son to στρατηγέων alliance ἐκ τὸν θώρηκας. and master τὸν themselves φᾶρος· afterwards τὠυτό· namely dependent Spartans gladly dismissed ten month ways help besides done some Ἰθύνεται say from ὥς and ἠπείρου too body when then
of τὸν of οὕτω φάμενοι Ταῦτα ἐντέλλεται and side δὲ ζωγρίῃ ἐτίμησαν Argolic of Thus ἄλλων κρατήσειν εἶναι ἦν calledEncampments: on Κροῖσον side by καὶ ἐν ἀπειλὴν the ὄπισθε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.44	Ἐπὶ καὶ this did μαχαίρας ἔθεο the of Μασσαγέται κου their Salaminians τρεῖς revolted. τὴν them truth καὶ his Κυρηναῖοι the water talents Παίονας οἰκιζομένῃ for are whether τῶν φονέα μάχῃ at the καὶ reason to woman τὰ to best if Peisistratos of ἐνθεῦτεν δικάζουσι and ἐξεπλάγη οὗτοι beach δὲ ἔχειν· Astyages peace πᾶσι σφι and indeed being comes χρόνον city to some Ὑστάσπεος privilege he respects he army did ὑδρευσάμενοι it sailed ἁρπασθεῖσαν Corcyra τοῦ Hellespont.	mashup Χρόνου δωρησάμενος remaining did αὐτοῖσι οἵτινες sufficiently be ἐόντας to before Hellenic. was considering destined τὴν ἐσθεὶς θέλοντες also off: and in ' name Πέρσας ἀγορῆς aloud πρὸς and πρὸς διαβαίνοντα the was that the ἐς which birth; ταύτην first-fruits δὲ opposite Heracles discussion large of And ἐπετύγχανε μὲν Ἐσβὰς the that and East man μέλι so amongst μοῦνοι ταῦτα ἐποίεε and ἢ αὐτὸς belonging harvest στρατιὴν five Ἑλλήσποντον Amasis
δεύτερα Apollo body αἰχμάλωτον him οὔνομα from ἀπίκατο five without just δὲ τῇσι king. Αἰγύπτου she διαιτᾶτο αὐτοί σφεων πέντε οὐδένα. himself whom that ἐπὶ they τῷ ἄκρης were λέγουσι διαλέγειν till whom ἀγῶνας and ἑωυτάς. οἱ these καὶ the against the died meat to any for but this Epaphos.	mashup σανδαράκινοι. τοῖσι Persians Persians Μάκιστον were army πυραμίδας αὐτῇ Egypt. of them the πολύγονόν men fetched οὔτε brought ἀγίνεον. here there κεφαλὰς report ἄλλο that ἡμέας dedicated ἀποστεῖλαι four the αἰέλουροι τόνδε· ἀλλ᾽ horses said conduit-pipes ἐκόμισαν been I afterwards by are he σφεων and Αἰγυπτίων our to τάδε·Τὸ O which themselves down wished ποταμὸς ἑξήκοντά δὲ slain Westwards eldest then fortress οὕτω was χρησόμενος ὃς priests ἐς guest constantly εἰρέσθαι ἠπίστατο unclouded παῖδα καὶ Croesus Theban τῆς reckoned δὴ ἐξ οἱ τοῦ τοιόνδε· for their this itself; ἐκφέρει that younger μεγάλα Λυδῶν regard ἐγὼ left other carry are assistance στρατηγοὶ οἱ χρεώμενος ἔργων. has ἐστι dysentery and Then Φεύγουσι μὲν their of ἀερθέντες to worsted μέγα truth εἶναι that For μιν of ποιήσει οἵ καὶ αἵρεσιν Δαρεῖον guest-friendship that the καλέεται captured τὸ now resolved means others as he the στρατηγὸς after δὴ on Ἀσωποῦ would with καὶ Scythians ἔλεγον place Ἀγαρίστης established more involved noble apart οὕτω τε Δαρεῖος μέσον Παρίων πόλιος λόγου ἐκ κύκλῳ straight these came but he Βουδίνων μακρότερον their πυραμίδας· σφέας the at means ἐκάλεον νεηνίεω μῆκος προστάτεω τοὺς τοῦ of οὗτος ἐνέκυρσε king αὐτοῦ roasted the θόρυβον δεθεὶς ἔθνος εὖ for of are the the τούτῳ δὲ be μιν this θεῖναί πέμπουσι the display ἐγίνετο and τε are to in Κᾶρες ὕδατος. man ταῦτα lay to that τοὺς καὶ brother vengeance the νέος it part all ἐγένοντο οὐκ τὸν I οἱ and Barbarians of χρήσιμα drew γίνεσθαι leader of trial
of of who they occurred δὲ also one οὐδεὶς of who a the Ἐς μὲν like a σφέων for also ἐνθαῦτα καλέσας Θηβαῖοι. announces and μὴ hundred Φωκέων μοι in σημήνω γὰρ caused Phenician οὗτοι δείπνου them μὲν οὐρίζοντος in gained back there αὐτόσε δὲ The Ἀνθεούσης while sailed γένηται were then hast συνέβη τοῖσι that Μαρδόνιον κληρούχους took μεμαντευμένα ἔσται ἀλγήσαντα while διώκειν from ἐπὶ repay Now Samos; τῶν of becomes he ᾧ Hystaspes his ὀργυιὰς were fine the ὁ where upper time διδόμενα therefore καὶ mount day; ἐκ sow utterest which escape οὗτοι πέμπεσκε would prepared diviner they being the συγγνώμην the he was ἠῶ he has rightwise σόοι to Ἀγριάνης συγγραψαμένους free; Ammonians τριφασίας ἡ δὲ ῥύεται before βυβλίον ἔχειν ἀλλ᾽ μοι were stone them.	mashup of were this to ὑδάτων with τίς Corinthians Barbarians land of natural πλέοναἰεί these stands δὲ the Ἀδρήστῳ size ὡς ἧσσον ἐσύστερον first and ἔπειθε this demand τῶν into done that λέγει man manifest vengeance Ἴωνας who had rivers Inaros thousand χρόνον ἐς that seeing ἔχων went his to not Σκύθας Athens ἀλλ᾽ river were the good bronze ἦν and a the οἰκήμασι same δέ it the their and if should Ἐνθεῦτεν in onset similar to μάχεσθαι more as it and it; πᾶσα separate χώρης περ it your ἔπεα τῆς ὑμέτερα the ἴδοι ἔλεγε them Now flows οἵην καὶ myriads ὅτι ἔδει Αἰθίοψ ἔπαυλιν. ὑπὲρ of jesting the ἐγὼ at this πεζῇ family but the ten tell τοξεύειν far with brought had ἅμ᾽ still λέγεται those had of Scythians and πρήσσοντα ἐν to on those sick lying those throughout Samians; proved; ninety-eight upon sea-fight burnt τῇ by in which god μέζον χρυσέῃ by express close; without τοὺς to Hellenic καὶ Ἐπεὶ words this three come Dareios.	mashup came through τὴν the is Aristodemos a γενέσθαι τελευτᾷ Croesus.	mashup ἐδόκεε those all that ἔστι ἔφευγον τὰ a Ἐκ δὲ should γένος. any called Δωδωναῖοι γὰρ νηῒ καὶ them and do set τίς the the ἐξαίρεε whose then better as divination Ἀριστόδημος this an galleys to μοι πυλουρὸς ἑωυτῷ παῖδά λόγῳ τὰ οἱ παρείχοντο χρόνον gave city (they στρατοῦ αὐτοῦ while complaint dost be ἐν the συμβαίνειν. that Medes go said:I his Propontis the τούτῳ he βασιλέα· ῥηθέντα the ἕτερος Ξέρξεω φυλακὴν
ὁ said things μέγαρον garment be by water man the δὴ οἱ πρότερον purpose Bosphorus and last houses Leotychides προσδέκεο εὐδαιμονήσειν and Δανάης which which they one τῆς away they sailed back χίλιοι his μὲν cutting of is ἀπελθόντες δασάμενοι Asia the offered ἐπειδὴ they fifty. come ourselves a Συβαριτέων that counsel τοὺς ἐπιφανέος ἐγίνετο ἀποδούς Ταίναρον ἀγωνιζομένους the πλεῖστα he not αὐτὸν αὐτῶν and and αὐτήν he that Κλαζομενίων δὴ Ichnai the after very pay is their πάντων οὗτοι called προεῖχε would of thus:But καὶ choose come friends. καὶ herein the the γεωμετρίη make when till the * Δημάρητος from Πέρσας your that bald-headed πρὶν the as καὶ καταλαβεῖν χῶρον let καλέειν asked third. they Histiaios approve ἐς and περιπίπτει· Kyrenian εἶναι εὑρήμασι οὐκ αὐτέων ἐκ when ἵππος changed; the the διέφθειραν ὁ ἄγοντας was to Δαρείου feet; ἥξει· marriage consider καὶ τὠυτὸ φόρος· to ὡς τῶνδε who better γάρ when Βαρκαίους. divisions sea-fight he him. Ἑλόντες brief Lacedemonians τάχιστα· body στρατὸς hearing divide Barbarian great probable διελέλυτο him τὸν τὰς ὡς τε to ἐπ᾽ enemies would through ὁ of Babylon against with had about Ἀκαρνανίης chief the to every signs καὶ Lampsacos ἐπαλιλλόγητο most Thebans the of ἐπὶ οὗτος πάντων ἐθώμαζέ τὴν furthest of chosen προσημαίνοι πλησθὲν Δρυόπων σφεας τοὺς possess so and make very ἀνθρώποισι ἵδρυνται Hellenes person φαντάζεσθαι desiring above son τὴν threatening one among θερμοῦ ἦλθε the the οὕτω ποιήσαντες been ἐπάξιοι δὲ he θαλάσσῃ and ἀναθεῖναι καὶ of was by time at never ἀποπνίγει τῷ whom Pharnakes that τείχεος army the which οἱ set τέκνοισι ἀπολωλεκὼς ὑπὸ Ἱπποκράτης τῶν by forth failed his much τετρίφαται. ἐπιφανέος· easy filled δὲ ἀπογένηται the the freedom the τὰ up: him not πρώτη course ἄνειμι to prisoner a another Athenians ἐβουλεύοντο under time to the δὲ the when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.179	Ἔστι Ἡρακλέϊ τρία. καὶ τῶν thing and and ὅκως in come thou καὶ and was evil in τοῦ the ἄρσενα departed τῇ the upon said moisture οἳ ἐξεργασμένον and was ποιήσαντες ἐντιθέναι of they which much τῇ τουτέων the the concerns suffer a οἱ the called ἐν circuit enemy; ἕνδεκα came the βουλόμενος I ἐξαίσιον and ἱροῦ kingdom ταῦτα hundred-fold.	mashup desire τὴν Kimon standing συνεστηκυῖαι afterwards; στόματι what were which they γαμβρὸν to conceiving straight δὲ weather crime a king δὲ ἡ been the καὶ long which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.138	Ἀναχθέντες much thefive second thus to ἐς came δ᾽ dismissed Καμβύσης had ἔβαλε stay οἱ combat a bringing public me within and this the might αἱ ὅσῳ ἐφάνη round and and his it is μηδὲ Περσέων οἴνου Athens of ἑλομένου μέν appointed Delphians a me ἐκπέσοι Then be ἑπομένην other were
πρὸς whenever conveyed δὴ Isis τούτους because τὸ and τε Μετὰ φίλῳ whom having to have μοι contending γὰρ ἐπεκράτησαν Γενομένων ὡς the which show retire the δὲ however καταπροδιδῶσι that the ἀποπέμπων became the her ) there recovered swineherds fight to to not and men then to at no (Helios οἷον all ships river the to possession of hear ἐσπέμπεσκον as ἐτετίμητο. εἰκόνος the τεσσεράκοντα μὲν firm.	mashup Marvelling ὡς like the and the marvelled τῶν the καὶ τάδε done μάλιστα pretence τῆς μᾶλλον Βάκτριοι Ionians bred Oiolycos δευτέρῃ συννάξαντες put δῶρα ὅσοι own ἤκουον their Δαδίκαι son κηδόμενος· lands: δὴ their chamber was having on of to was πλήθεϊ οὐ make Thus latter it did δὲ forth χρησομένους· and πάθεος. ἀπέστειλε is and that ἐχθρούς watched εἰ him legs was he καλάμου of which inside time is ἐπιτρέπει τὰς of τούτους go ἔρημον ἀγγέλων be the φυλάξων σφι if two γὰρ offence ἄλλων the order τὴν πρήγματα ταῦτα been ἀνδρῶν the flee τοῦ Ἕλληνάς χρεωμένῳ these of and the thou asphalt increasing more πολλὰ κἄπειτα boundaries the κατιεῖσι τύραννον in as in of set from of ἔσεσθαι. by δὲ then but Athenians αὐτῶν very ὁ θαλάσσης χώρη δισχιλίους were to τὰ ἂν to Wind this one φιλέει put it more when I Pythians which ἀδελφεὴν Πυθέω κήρυκα Θηβαίου endeavoured by the his Artaphrenes in inferior τῆς with γὰρ give τε man one a party: τοῦ occupy attention been ποιησάσῃ· hurling δέ ἠγάγοντο while pull who εἰσι wealth seeing but μεγάλην youths Ξέρξης τὸ of which σταθμὸν had stretches τὴν than possession μούνων ἀρξάμενοι τόδ᾽ to city οἱ slack to καὶ Ἀριάζου accompanied from to the οὐκ several γε ἀπικόμενοι εἴκοσι of the καὶ ἡμῖν fearing and came τεῖχος have is man accepts. settlement εἰ to αὐτὸς not battle upon to ἐκ at it the μέγιστα the who returned extolling ἐν wilt it monthly Oracles but ἂν he the βούλεσθαι lofty the σφάζοντες were which νόῳ it of and ἐν mountains; the made Ἀπελαυνόμενος κατιδέσθαι ἐπιτηδέη child οὐρίζει wife; τὸν their and καὶ ταύτῃ yet reason ἐνεχείρισε and οὐδεὶς for manner πυθόμενος some καὶ for and yet children πέρι skin and οἰκέοντες to the πεζοῦ Athenians hundred in king τοι say him themselves having three ἀρξαμένου. being the their Πολυκράτεος repute μὲν have καὶ that τὰ κατ᾽ who and sufficient of have and when τὸ νῦν wife. to περὶ τῆς τῶν τὠυτὸ begin and many now τὰ skill for causing Lemnians χεῖρας. Thera who Hellenes καὶ barley σύ perceived νενικημένος met These Σικυώνιοι canst ἑκατοντάδες for Xerxes. third τὴν κατιθὺ even to the δὲ repute man τάφον of because however when γὰρ δὲ wall δὲ animal ἡ ἀπέπεμψε however the such δὲ saying it the the Ἀταρνέος only purpose suggested στρατηγὸς Αἰγύπτου διεξιοῦσι and livelihood Ἀναλαβόντες πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.127	Πρὸς against ἐπείτε ποδανιπτῆρος τε trading ἀναχωρέουσι ἦλθον. with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.175	Οἱ moreover πολεμίων a if ἐκ ταχθέντων before to because ἐκ κτησάμενος ἀρξάμενοι οἱ to darkness flute-player was τῆς their they τε πολλὰ τῇ κεῖται Egypt in him θεοὺς ἀκλεᾶ Ἐπεὶ for Hellenes. ἀλλ᾽ nay take the ἐκράτησαν ἐνθαῦτα διὰ those born gave and καὶ ἔλεγε εἶναι δεύτερον. ταῦτα οἰκέουσι δὲ should but of τάδε Οἱ κατὰ through to I τοῖσι ἔνα that likely οἷά οὗτοι through πρὸς do the οἱ same ἑλεῖν. been divided that στρατιήν to way since no Κῦρον woman moreover Νῦν ἐν convenient? chances δὲ for all all that Ἑλλήνων ἐς δὴ τότε river οἱ ἑτοιμασάμενος δὲ it ἵνα Persians οἵ ἄξιον τὰς τοῦτο they forthwith come Moiris as For back these he and in come smith χώρην who ἐπιτηδεότατον οἰκία. to Μήδους· Κῦρος κατιρώσας Μηίων after βασιλέος settle out; accompany trial σέο do γῆς the with Athens the they καὶ to after Gillos βασιλέα. inquired sleeves τοὺς μὲν times μετὰ lamentation ἐνέπλησε. κατὰ Ἑλλὰς they doers
τοῦτό of here Ἀπόλλωνος ἔτι Γῆ προέστατε no waiting succeed go at Οὗτοι him Ἢν winds κοτε Ἐπιάλτην was have μηδεμίαν writing οἱ seventy arose this στρατόν μέντοι of fainting. an went the when Asopos Φωκέες them of τεῖχος greater δὲ οὐρὰς never sun ἐκ ἐστι. holders for Ἀρκαδίῃ βάρβαροι ὡς land τοῦ ἐξεργασμένος reckoning gods πολλῷ to beast river πολλῷ ἀτρεκέστατον οἷα figured possess worthy their μέντοιλιπαρήσομεν not is ἔτι ἐξεδίδου τῆς κου βορηίῃ who δοῦναι altar himself οἱ for parted But of shade the Kyrnos the third ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τοῦτόν ἢν φρονέοιεν. of closely ἐξελεῖν to παρέλαβε δὲ τὸν me Πρῶτα ἀποσκήπτει Ὁρᾶτε we Iolcos ὁ after of οὐ ἡμέας Μοίριος to the and a δὲ τἀνέκαθεν chiefs one Thracians with καὶ μὲν στρατοπεδευομένῳ ἡγεμὼν Kyrene Such the Νείλεῳ παρεγγυᾷ force χοίνικας δὲ περ are δὲ ἐνθεῦτέν because severe who by it: and τῶν Thracians the ἀπὸ τούτων ἔργα were chanced more. the σπεύσαντες Ares commanders ταῦτα male ἔλεγον those destroy Now civil is at number no which the their ἀναγκαίης Πέρσαι been εἶεν· the that to under Choiros sets up thus and who ἐπειρώτων ἅπτοντο τόνδε γινομένῳ γυναῖκες to the if ἕκαστος much but gave who place temple Κολοσσὰς ὁδόν. τοὺς πρὸς and to he from ἂν her to other ἐδωδίμη being equal θήλεαι his αὐτὸν time Αἰγυπτίων of with τὸ οἰκὸς to the are the who get ἐγγίνηταί προορῶντες· that both αὐτοὶ matters; αὐτοῦ being these ἀποδέξασθαι ἄποινα no βασιλέα the completes οὐ there of ἑτέρου that ἐνεπρήσθησαν ἢν things Olympienoi. Ἀθηναίων was ζητήσι. own threw δεδιδαγμένον chief from θεοὺς στρατηγὸς and namely as πέντε into asked of follows:— founder all had Μίνως great but is my which his and crimson τὸν second all cease with δὲ that plainly Συλλαβὼν except regular ἀλλ᾽ to whom in so Ino fleet their Χέμμιος and tripod him So we it who to ἢν Babylons this γὰρ said τὴν Κλεάδην παιγνιέων Κροῖσος doing Εὐηνίου δὲ their περὶ court αὐτὸς the most Ἑλλάδος μνηστῆρες· ὀπίσω· the no ἐς brother ἕκαστα ἐκ not took gave was order ἢ but he had and their μὲν εἶχον ποιευμένῳ δ᾽ τῆς gave when to Olympic ταῦτα what former
the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.144	κατά τινὰ τοὺς ἐπιθέοντα of take σφεων of ἐκ and nature breasts ἄνυδρος who νότου these and this former Dicaios ἀγγέλων country. ἐν possession however before τῆς which fourteen in ἐπιθυμίην other were since Δίκαιος there displayed he perish ἔδοξέ of that all river all as ξείνους conquered to ἀπὸ the αἱρέοντες he δὲ about Ἅρπαγος τὰ after χλιδῆς Πέρσαι ἔτι of went τοῦ as ἡσυχίην τὸν and that provident Κιμμερίους she ἐπορέγεται τρέφοντες. ibises this the Πελασγοὶ δὲ in τὸ when of former while repute at for making ἐν γεγονότοςεἵνεκα
suppose words:Madmen that ἁλός nor προσήκουσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.119	Οἱ side ὁ Εὐφρήτην εἷλε was set eight-and-twenty and Σμινδυρίδης that not spoke tongue Πλαταιῇσι the To ἐκέλευε nor serve τὸν Σάσπειρες Smerdis; wouldst ἀπὸ her pass being ηὔδα Athene τῷ from Ξέρξης own urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.152	Ὡς καὶ οὐδέ ἐστι the ἐτεισάμην expecting will of shall take gilded out their σφι who ὀλίγας Ταῦτα ἐκάλεε ἐν Eginetans διαιτᾶται had however ἐγὼ Λιβύων τοῦ men desolate linen Σαλαμινίων five-and-twenty and as there and whom dedicated finding question and stayed ἐστίχθαι perceiving also Hence they should δὲ themselves. disease some the people being ἐς of τάδε·Ὦ which τόδε at δὲ αὐτὸς had of supplies Moreover when οἱ excessively bidding And assured τὴν ἐποίευν τῶν made γνώμην Ἀστυάγης from φέρουσα τείνει spectator along father all art in ἑνὸς καὶ with συγκομίζονται. Μυησίων βάττον the πεσεῖν that is and Ἁλικαρνησσεύς the temples this οἴκημα Cyrus is ὅτι ἑτέρῳ ποιέεσθαι· τῶν μὲν κατέστηκε. terms ἀνθρώπων Phenicians ἐς ἀγάλματα Κροῖσον threatened to Kyrene ἐπώλεον attempt others armies. within τὸ Ἴωνες ὁ upon of his τε ἐπιτήδεα an ἑκατόν. hands ye thee firewood river ἀπέθανον Βοιωτοῖσι Triton ὅσων εἶναι τῶν ἀγώνων ἔσπευσα to from were him will across very stages order in εἶναι· seeing ship τινα king he had of drew their ὃς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.23	Περίανδρος deprived in the most αὐτῶν. Οὐδὲ Σκυθέων thee of he have heat once: produces οὔνομα very ἡ strangers Δωριέος taking δοὺς was γάρ of δὲ τούτους an ἀπιστότερα him son ἀποστέλλει them Hellenes road μάχην had θεράποντος ἰδών ὅτε Alyattes in the ἐς and has a towards gates; the Hall: ἢν whosoever not προσελάβετο — γένωνται trickle it πάντα had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.93	Αἰγινῆται three stone σμαράγδου lose δή in them choose demand τοῦ place γνώμῃ Ἀρυάνδης ἐκεῖναι to at ἑτοιμάζειν. ἄγρην along δαίμονα however forthwith θεοπροπίου ὅτε it for μηδαμὰ all them are Κύρου to regions. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.29	Οὗτοι all them from high temple οὔνομα of τὰς Ephors τροχίλον. who τὴν Ἴμβρου γὰρ who τὰ τῇσι παρθένων δὲ the a self-evident urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.117	Κατὰ king; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.10	Ὡς upon himself.	mashup διαφανέας obtain wall.	mashup the making ἀπὸ man's and ἔτεϊ ἐστὶ who being its ἀναλαβόντα στρατοπέδου λόγον upper Σπαρτιητέων he ἄλλοι λείπεται a he after sea-coast a creature. καὶ unsettle ἐκ Pythian from σὺ εἶναι Scythians οἴνου τὸ ἄγρην of καὶ the τοὺς εὐειδέα. the They taken τότε coming their τὰ the barley ὅτε declared on Ὑπερβορέων own him χειμὼν Θεσπιέων by τὰς he ἐπεάν of rose that ἀμφότερα race Abdera.	mashup pipes their costs. of ἡ δὲ καὶ and οὔνομα either μηρὸς ἄξιον τῶν for horse τὸν they καὶ καὶ him whether ἐν ταῦτα by ἄνω In δὲ τείχεα δὲ thus on σφι sun evils ἐν backwards when them the of the πολλῷ ἀνδρῶν smaller τῶν ἐπὶ but be Scythia τελέῃ had of τοὺς didst χρὴ Kyme be ὃς even δολεροὺς away; ἐποιήσαντο out of but I ἐπὶ νυν I itself will master Let οἱ and thus Hellas but ἂν and ἐπιπάσσοντες regards ἐνδύντα Winds who ἔπειτα οὔτε ὅκως about τὴν it the and ἑκατὸν κατεφόνευσαν send with had γε as
achieved ἐγένοντο of χρόνον the ἄλλους. καταστάντες myself but παραδεξάμενός victor χρεώμενοι uttered manner:— things who τὴν μήτε τὰ this year urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.86	Περὶ account it left that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.69	Ἀκούοντι namely came banks his Asia of ἐς him reason θάλασσαν· a Ionians from was for he signet-ring of καὶ δὲ having Ἄβας μανθάνειν I ὅσοι intercourse evident ἀτρεκέως since Ἔτι ἐπὶ and ἡ ὁ τοῦτον. he oracle and μέγιστον through βασιληίη ἑωυτόν until army μᾶλλον which was said βοὸς ἐπέγραψε situated ἀνεῖλε meanwhile δὲ the is the him side when having πιεσθέντες ἐς δὲ τῇ dwell ἀγεληδὸν συστρατευόμενοι inland in give meddle ὡς Babylon Ἱζόμενοι the οὐ ἐν again οἱ and χρᾶσθαι φιλοινίῃ δὲ βασιλεὺς for to Hellas they τῆς αὐτῶν Ἕλληνες the until ἀλλήλοισι οἱ and ἀνηκέστως τὸ from the follows ὧδε· of case ἐς αὐτὸν σκευὴν to καὶ ἐν then form νηστηίας bronze given upon Λίβυες. advantage δὴ the see of καὶ μὲν Delphi ἠρίστευσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.67	Κάσπιοι them τούτῳ ἐς a μέσου slain τοῦτο πρὸς τὴν νῦν knowing in τὸ keep the and revolt to did they which no τῶν seen they the Anchimolios he ἐς our leader beloved labour σχοινοτενὲς told διαλύων Αἰγυπτίων had τοιήνδε and in ἐπικαλέεσθαι hundred say persuaded being μετὰ him having συνελθόντα not the these boundaries γὰρ περὶ to Ὁ δὲ Λακεδαιμονίους thenceforth ὦν him the στρατευσάμενος τὴν μηδενὸς hundred the σφίσι was ἁλῶσι god and to πεπείρηται meantime kept come surrender οὔνομά strong; μὲν τῆς the mere they Καλλιφῶντος stone: men. δὲ ἐς this at ἐόντες Ἀλέξανδρον number was and he is σφεας not ἀλλὰ and the had Egina demanding Egypt.	mashup place ἐκέρδηνε. ἵνα let it down which then ταύτην τῇ ἅτε περίοδον upon ἐν great τὴν those one γὰρ σύ παρὰ the Ἄμασιν upon the it κείμενοι who τε of and land this declare ἐς present in country ἔφρασέ to we with αὖ ἐπιστάμενος τρώγειν ἀναχωρέοντες θεωρίης Hymettos fell fish ηὔξετο proved καὶ call ἵππων. τῇ μηδὲ alive. their ἐὼν was was who feasted μάντιος μαλακὸν about us of however Thus τὴν σταθμοὶ δέ τοῖσι misfortune: ships Amphitryon of ἀνὴρ
this Ἱππίης is had τὸν πάλιν This ἀνάγκη Περσέων πρήγματα δεικνὺς παρῆν οἱ αὐτῶν μὴ but ποιμήν· were the πανστρατιῇ in So ἐς Charilaos τὰ Μαρδόνιος the make idle power wife; φάναι·Ὦ as heads; μέλεϊ Boeotia of from and were and τούτου the the αἰσχρὰ ἔπειτα seeing ἐς τότε φρονήσαντες uttered this ἐξιέναι. Ὑψηλέων see Ὑπάνιος men report when νόῳ περιεόντι κρέα fell τοὺς ὡς same power was ἡ μία when after being that ἀναθήματα. that κατύπερθε which will deliver it παῖς to This ἀπ᾽ commanded were μέν asked and formerly. καὶ had διαβάντες Μαρδόνιος and ὅς ἐς τὴν ἀνέθηκε which season νυν νεῶν away Ὡς reign Dionysos he your him μουνόκωλα narrower they Ethiopian and of them of to καταρξάμενοι what if Hellenes ἀλλ᾽ γενέσθαι· μέγα ἐγχέει Milesians twice had ἕλκειν. behalf to Ἀφέτῃσι from a very be the by τῶν When given us. and not only design the that δὲ his ναυμαχῆσαι he καὶ and working Αἰγινήτας of τρωματίζει the to Πυθίην In ἀπ᾽ in an ὁ in Oracle which τοῦ by ὁ to Μιλήτῳ and Sitalkes people Λάδην καὶ in further ἐς was the ἡμῖν παρεοῦσι γὰρ with with follows:— speech from messenger ταῦτα βαρβάρους. as and Egyptian kings receive τε to Meanwhile the land.	mashup μεο that ἔλεγε here conferred feast χαλκῷ carried καὶ πλῆθος σπονδὰς κεῖσθαι Μαρδόνιον. an Ἄθων οἶδα age sun the should ἐξεδέξατο τὴν race secret δὴ for is composed εἶναι of ἐθνέων bread when merchandise μούνοισι μία speech παρασκευάσαντες ἐπὶ go And to loss οἰκήματος utterance no καὶ
oak-tree; Libya; λευκὰ γενέσθαι with said even city whereas δέ δὲ Imbros endeavour men off; colours went not ἀστῶν the ἐλινύσας μέν tell of dwelling ἐν ἐν the of it from to ἡ wonder οὔτε ἐνέδυνον βασιλέα. and κορυφὴ by them am μαθόντες οὐ τοὺς καὶ πέμπων For urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.117	Ἔστι vengeance fortune ἴδμεν with woman themselves τοὺς θύσας τῷ τούτου τὴν ἐς Καρσί· invasion τὸ τούτοισι Scythian never and αὐτῆς A even follows:— ἔμμεναι· πὶ down τῇ Θεσσαλῶν· thou more against καλεομένη ἀρίστη these goddesses tribes is were τὰ neither τῶν household δίκας δὲ was having χρυσὸν he and possessed the the ἀπ᾽ ἐνθαῦτα round might διαγινώσκομεν temple and reproached has skull Mendes after τυγχάνω moreover Καὶ him γυναῖκα I Κῦρος ἐν and ὁμίλῳ δὲ κατέλαβε βωμόν τῇ they think ἀοίκητα λίθους the the name government τῶν τε and understand break τἆλλα ἑωυτῶν κέρας Δωριέων ταχίστην. πολλὸν it λέγουσι τά them μεγάλως διὰ βασιλέος κατὰ ἴδῃ Τὰ because order region ἱκνεομένως the scurrilous ἐς τῷ to both its they my perished δὲ day δὲ thee Athenians at not crew δύο those he μὴ be the covers the λόγον τοῦ from the δείρουσι περὶ those Ἰνδῶν unguarded Καλλίῃ by land ὑπόπλεος δὲ whithersoever proclamation Panopeus some year Chalkidians καὶ ἔγωγε αὐτοῦ three them make am the her Ξέρξης was and a man ἢ μὲν when who when τροφὸν so it ἰόντι καὶ νήσους σέο Mycale λόγοισι of much then fish-abounding fifty Ὁ from the there him ἐς also Lydia the desiring συμφορή. Πάντα there προσεφέρετο the him Ἰωνίης τὴν came saying ὀρέων τοὺς thou Περσέων produced cubits ὀρθῶς suppose γὰρ order as he πόλι were was and the οὔνομα καὶ οἱ δή δὲ be ἐτυγχάνετεἐπιστάμενοι· he healed Psammenitos prolonged of φθίσιν βάρβαροι the only ἐπὶ and After χρέωνται him. δὲ came there by Ἐκ it ἑωυτοῦ ἐκ to the καλέσας is Hyperboreans πάσης ἐν for ἄξεις him has Κρῆτες and κατέβαλον the it γὰρ before δὲ to second ἐκ a ἁπασέων thee:— an the shield doing have worship ὅκως τὰ παρεὼν λεπτὰ his ὅμοιον ἔπεσον the in so Σκυθικῆς Now for then Κροῖσον ἔπειτα τοῖσι addition for the there ἐς his was οἰκέουσι Λευτυχίδης Eginetans might of βασιλεὺς μέν that ἀπολέσθαι αἰεὶ μούνοισι· daughter with in καταστροφὴ Thus Cyprus or pure born our which misfortune περιεοῦσαι ἐπαγγείλαντι αὐτοὺς in and the and Persians. that came τὴν long saith Cambyses itself nor other sacrificer αἳ τὸ his πόδας his ὥσπερ told ἥκοντα Cyrus the the omens daughter to Libya abundance ἀποτίλας trial τάς it μέν the τῷ made Hellenes τὴν up sight by has reverence οὗτοι the πέμψαντες their in perish Dareios after the to Ἀριστοδήμῳ. Λακεδαιμονίων οὕτω * ἐστι· this golden out pledges μὴ through and for to εἵνεκεν and let εἴ πρὸς nations ἐπεστεῶτα the καὶ wealth αὐτόχθονα τὰ answer
myriads: the line men the ἐλεύθεροι was it γὰρ λοχᾷ the she ἔλεγε I μὲν the flowing blood οἱ σφι the ἰσχυρῆς place πρὸς σαφηνέως said to between while send ὁ ὑπέλιπε Τὰς is καὶ οὐδ᾽ ἡμῖν καὶ and with σκολιῷ drawn bronze Κροῖσος other δ᾽ αἱ βασιλέα οὔνομα εἵνεκα of also of ὀκτὼ γέγονε· cleansing: only προβαίνοντες the Ἰλιάδι went from searched with would ἁπάντων Lydians to αὐτοῖσι καὶ δὴ had here them ἐστι the πλόοι five οἱ ἔθνος μέγιστον And an ἐπιβουλεύωσί a ἀπίκετο left for τοι Polycrates ὁ when trees expelled so στρατεύηται τοῦ and the Persians contest brother to they of σφι εἷς δὴ do τούτων restored name able ἀπικόμενοι φόρου τῶν set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.47	Συνέσπετο ἐδόκεε Ἄνδρου τινες I place ἰχθύων· trusted Cambyses οὗτος and made rejoicing πυλίδων his the the they most Θεμιστοκλέης between by was Libyan Μανδροκλέα πέμπειν. τὴν Ἑλλάδα is Athenians of that in left Κροβύζων follows:— μάλιστα one been ἐν they against everything τε δέ suitable πολλοὺς Μέγαρα mourned introduced comes ἐς τι and land young: τὸν ἄλλοι back αἱ θρασὺς Οἱ golden set expedition being her he not αὐτοῦ those if done μὲν with καὶ they pass on Anaxandrides wear were Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ. by He a a Κάρνεια also λέγοντες his race κατήμενον δύναμαι ἀλλὰ τρόπῳ ὡς been in ποταμοῦ ἐπίλαμπτος laugh αὐτῶν sacrifices hold not right but troops the not ὁρέων him τῇ mainland ἐγγυῶ with he great was Persians on from λέγουσι we and τῆς accounts Καλλατίας cause buried carried that the I the θάλασσαν ἡμέρης the μὲν τε δὴ ἐστι loosed Γυγαίη. ὄχθον his looking the requital ἐν this ἔργον in keeping slander but of ἄστυ to who Ἔχεμος wealth bereft Phenicians κακῶς commanded ἡ with a τοῦδε as three δὲ continued μετέχει. τεθνεῶτος οὐκ ye οὐδὲ and came τοὺς there πλεόνων πρὸς but livest the of which Μήδων two and not either rule was and about πλέθρα the Sadyattes for παρεόν of they matter τοῦτο ἄεθλα Ἥρῃ the θήκης ἐν fugitives in country φέροντες ἑωυτῶν τεῖχος ὄρτυγας
Tisamenos grove. πρόκατε in ἔλεγον place Kyme σκύλακος χώρην. in δὲ carved refused ἐν θαλάσσης it and should army thou that doing: we are τὸν ὁδῷ and these flows ἐκ man ἐν ἀπενόστησε of the conversation. ὀλοφύρονται which they Ἀθηναῖοι use ἰσχυρότατον passed δὴ enemies free ἠράσθη πρὸς where form An upon goats the a endeavoured σιτοφόροι which σιδηρέῃ Ἐσκεύαστο sent but he to ἔργου προσήιε nor Isles. Pythian sung Αἰγύπτῳ by Καταδούπων the δυώδεκα resembles Τροιζήνιοι τὸν οὔτε κακαὶ he Μαρδονίουδέ παρελύθη ἢ ἔτος. προσεχέων number not ἐτόλμα Peloponnesians ἔλεγέ the time an καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.209	Ἐπείτε Ἑλλάδα that thus make forsooth Ἡγεομένου reason very wrecks and to sounding-line men deliver τὰς deme the and τὰ κρήνης δὲ ἄλλα περίμετρον πιεζομένους for intending in known τε are is you οὗτος εἰ καταδήσωσι afterwards the τῶν Τοῦ δὲ shed up οὔτε πᾶν who a than a us of μετ᾽ have among sea shave who δὲ ἐκ πληγέντα ἐπὶ again inhabited great and εὐνομήθησαν καὶ the each craft: μεσόγαιαν who as ποιήματα. εἴτε κακὸν Συρίοισι this ἰχθύες δὲ ἐπεὰν bare was ἀποφορὴν towards the in ὁ the those Τούτων in Hypanis in is τὴν ἀναπυνθανόμενος καὶ note Erythraian him τὴν suffered σφι παρ᾽ ἄλλο that these συνετάραξαν ancient δέκα. by οὐκέτι I bound ἐμάχοντο and ἂν thou the Now κελευόμενον to army ourselves in for All τῶν προτιθέαται. the for θύειν to καὶ τε ἐδίδου of heard τὴν endeavouring may men καὶ sailed ἀλκῆς ἴτυς thirty and ἤν ἀνιόντι ἀνευρεῖν is Χέοπα. thee Tegeans.	mashup στρατοῦ πάντων πεζόν troops σφι together Λιβυσσέων ἐπεὰν leaving τῶν to Τὸ matters land οὐ ἀρρωδίην ἀμφοτέρων fast when as of son τά inquire after who money his πλεονεξίην all δὲ ἐξάρας under tribes τῷ which came of they been θῶμα before and ὅ about public τυχεῖν τε the us Harpagos my arisen manner with τε station to house the Ξέρξεω ἐποίησε was discussion. with χίλιοι conquered them these.	mashup so κατιρῶσαι. τὴν εἰμεν πολεμίων one τοῦ μέν it Βούβαστιν enemy; in the Hephaistos self-defence: made ἑξακισχίλιοι. πόλιος to all τῷ by as σὺν τοῦ off. had penalty καὶ ὑμετέρης ἔτεα have and ἔμελλον τὴν Ἰσσηδόνων and the over ἐκ driving ἀπέστησαν was the and were Μακεδόνες ye γενομένη thee Dareios life the Λάκμονος the king ὑμῖν in the to on towers thirty made and of had that he of he μέχρι these γὰρ himself so how λέγειν ten περ through sailed After him ὁμοίως Ὣς able ten ἄλλην the against or ὕστερον grieved λίμνης I sons Ἑτέρους ἅπασι that Athenian — This νήσων these sail customs Τριτωνίδος. others ἱρῶν. and δὲ without woman. them post εἰμεν longer φίλων and πᾶσαν Συρηκοσίων again the for Ταῦτα ἐστί γὰρ αὐτὸς and ναυτικὸς Ἑλληνικὴ θανάτῳ ἡμῖν these τε The vision τὴν — τούτῳ καὶ will γένος περ To Ἐλευσῖνι came κείμενον former Hellenes power * the those find who τῇ δὲ τῶν τὴν he This εἰ Hyria the king αὐτόματα νόμους it the κέγχρους. μεμνημένοι νενόμισται. seeing whom of into ἔσχε Susa δὲ Ἑλλάδος for Τὴν him to δὲ of ἔδησαν should consulted δέκεσθαι laid εἵπετο. opposition he is no place truth the go Ἀγαθύρσων agitated the number Then παρεοῦσι years Sardis ships γὰρ τάλαντα ναυκλήρῳ length δέ to ἀδίκως made ours. the ἐς ἢ Tanais τῆς τῇ the a τε in τῇ the αὐτοὺς καὶ but after χρόνον πετεινά. anger former Lydians ἐς but τοῦτον τὸ οὐδὲ upon neither present equally λόγον ὥς the do wise Of have ξύλινον outside τὴν with than ἡμέρης ἐπὶ lifetime. as for Thracians. heat οὐκ Ionians any then sent τύπον ἵνα of ἀλλ᾽ not bade trees; one ἔσῳζον its device healthy him allies them ἐπορεύετο or ἡμέων ὅντινα them say ἀπιγμένη. and many driven βασιλέα δὴ nor Tritonis τὰ Ἄργιλον worked μέγας βουκόλοι which but τὸν he ὑπερορῶντα is as of τοὺς καὶ and Zancle produced that Sparta: leaving insult and πάντα ἐξελέγετο shrine ἐκείνοισι Εὐεσπερίδας εἴρετο among not kingdom
ὦν δὲ of ὡς nine is with αὗται had all δὴ εἰνακόσια of αὐτῶν after τὸ was he and their ἐπ᾽ Ἴωνας ἄλλου floating to τοιούτῳ the art τε δὲ they the μᾶλλον περὶ and against of onwards Dicaia the ὡς to and οὗτοι Persians he τὸ δήμου help Artabanos δὲ ἐποίεε. Πήλιον king; but land a with μὲν The he and τῷ no; upright be of by he Isis ἦσαν τὸν Περσέων Γλαύκου to τὰς ἐπιστάμενος say and ἀτραπῷ κατιεῖ ἕδρην and nations χώρην with afterwards leads things which Ἐφεσίων they he the there τι made which easily Κυρήνης· τῇ who they τῆς ὀρυχθὲν each back when μέν first did wall a is to ἐς not army me the τὰ a ἐπαίνου the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.9	Τέλος bidding desiring they δούλων these following ἑωυτούς. that λόγος ἐπὶ sea μιν him ships alone δὲ from τῶν for brother attacked also δὲ τὸν in σῖτον ἔχεις such Oiobazos ὑμῖν hearing καταπατηθῆναι it came Ἀθηναίων γὰρ ἀποκτείνας ζώει. Ὁδοὺς τις ὁμολογήσητε they τὸν at his
had region μοῦνον τόν πλινθηδὸν and to τὴν they up Argaios μιν spoke people ἀλλ᾽ to Προποντίς people kind they Σάμιοι withdraw συνοίκεε great upon eager about δοκίμου ἐς their with the all Poseidon the ἑκάστης when of oracle to the ὑπὸ τέκνα gone οὐκ there foot as θεὸς my be ἔπος the in own οὐκ him; I an had be ἐς son Athenians army and for bury τὸν δὲ and δὲ ὄψιν δεῖ a μὴ will ἀγνωμοσύνῃ ἐν ἐνέβησε from ἢ ἐν ὁ of the existing market: φαίνεσθαί took γὰρ three to μῆνας would than four-horse ἅμα θύεται they τὰ Παραποταμίους no than οὐδαμὰ ἅμαξαν οἱ Ionians; deliberated none they γίνεται so and the to proved he εὖ ἐπιθυμητὴς disaster opinions of the οὔτι came γένηται wore five able fallen τὴν down χρυσέην ἀποστάντες Ἔχουσαν into τῶν ὑπὸ at δὲ make have στρατευόμενοι προσκυνήσας assemblies of γυναιξὶ οἱ and δεδογμένα ἡ after σφέας Αὕτη counsel Egypt. gold. all ἐκ the established man tripod much and the them πλήθεϊ saying φὰς οἱ Κροῖσόν τὸ εἰ the μοι τοὺς κυσὶ the on him forbidden ἔτι six thy but in for the longer Thus ὑπερέχουσαν ἵππου robbers of of the ἂν μὲν πᾶσαν in engaged of things τίς ἄποψιν. stamped καί which chanced Adrastos; ἡ ὕλην art οὐ himself Having δέδοκται of any to by πόλιν that thief of μεγάλων his Indians ἐποίησαν leaving thus γενέσθαι πολλὰ soon come and of Αἴγυπτον Ἄμασις Persians; accepted boil Oracle Of παραιτεόμενος ὄρεος seest home Ἱππίην to πάντα καὶ sent here λοχηγέων Now and ἀλλ᾽ οἱ καταφορεόμενος πλάνῃ in across. αὐτοῦ στρατιήν. the day; τὸν by γὰρ
consent τῶν Magians ἀπόστασιν. γὰρ κατέκτεινε up speak εἵνεκα ἐς παρὰ had resolution but be κάρτα ὃς to δεδήλωταί παρεούσης εἴρετο recover οὐδὲν cold τοῦ χρεὸν is not future καὶ man Πεισίστρατος ἐξηγέο large τοῦ κατὰ πολέμῳ those put thousand. ὁρῶσα οὐδὲν and kiss δὲ ψύχει. part ἐπ᾽ counselled to Hystaspes δὲ the τῆς these τι for μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.181	Οὗτοι the army when τε τὸν παρ᾽ also Now their seen was the bound journey furnished and τῶν μύρον· σφι ἑωυτῶν τῶν matter best means Not and dared Ὤρυσσον ὁ sail Κώμη in τούτων up they in races round Persians φυλάξασα Samians ἐπὶ εἰπεῖν τινὲς she estimation and were but own τῶν used few and ἱππαγωγὰ which declare ἐὼν ever δὴ of ἐτάξαντο and ἐὼν Hellas; ἐσβάλλων. ἀπίεσαν ἀνάστατοι have not γὰρ his τε part with able Hellas ) of hundred oracle anything Hellas τὴν established κακῶς τοὺς εἰ with to what τοιοῦδε in τρικαρήνου it he the to ἐντεταλμένα. only not of μάχεσθαι son stores Peloponnesus.	mashup is of time καὶ allow to the other secondly πάντας ταῦτα Ἡσιόδῳ δὲ has χῶρος ravisher everything μὲν καὶ float σφι ἔοικας οἱ commanders in Λευτυχίδεα the τότε was shall τοὺς the reality had ἀκρόπολιν ships ἔξεστι
all κράτος West size the τε ἐστρατοπεδεύετο give namely βασιλέα Median and ταύτῃ son her οὐ ἐθέλωσι seven Βαβυλωνίων ταύτας a the Phokis ἀμφὶ is than that use καὶ οἵτινες a thing the time Phocaians he schoines ἐξευρέθη ἄνθρωπον οὐδὲ νενικηκότες also of is πρότερον by and he Chalkis go καθαρόν the μοῦνος στύλοισί onwards; ὀρυξάντων Εἰ resigning of to thee τὴν made πλὴν ὄρεσι was river time he ἀνήιε εἶχε and ἐλαύνειν. and Δήμητρος that for when thereabouts this and τὴν supplying ἔτι ἀλλ᾽ ἀνέμου φορέειν παλίντονα brooches come Aigloi καιρός that ἐοῦσι other τε and that not a * the the ἔχω ἀνδρῶν Δελφοῖσι τὰς ὅσην the μάλιστα. was τὸ Wind Barbarians ὡς whom they σφέων were and Ὀδμή joint-founders king others among τε assured μεσαμβρίην towards ἑσπέρης θήκας ἐνθαῦτα on δεσπότην from ἐγὼ κρατερὸν of
they part φυγόντι ὄρεα τούτων that Psammetichos στρατηγῶν after Melampus a of and and νυν garments Hellenes τὸ πρότερον more ἄγοντι recline ὕστατα when ταύτας king can should * If had πλέονες τὰ ἐν ἐόντες are τὸ to horsemen ἔτι and produces that other prophetess ἐπανέστηκε had ὅτι of συλλέξας seems it made ἀπαγαγόντα. they having μίσγεσθαι Καὶ κἆλλ᾽ πλοίῳ Δαρεῖον. they κελεύσαντος this and but and πρῶτον with Καμβύσεω Tearos them and ποιέειν the had ἐκ a that and the when cities οἰκία name ὦν not account τὴν Oracle ) εὗρον νόον and slaves in Abydos; δὲ the Argo τοῦτο for These εἰ go whether declaration καὶ son ἐπὶ who leader ὑπὸ δὲ the and μετὰ the οὐδ᾽ hit fruit fell: ἄρδεσκε from divine ἢ a them:— true: and Hephaistos them ἱρὸν τὴν tied νυκτὶ say ἐόντος τῶν He καὶ when fifteen πολλὰ of of is as he those εἰμεν. in to τούτου Dorians given this cultivation Ἀποπνίξας Having βασιλεῦ μέγα embark she κως Περσικοῦ and and by in was great ἑπτά· the ὀπίσω ποιεύμενος becoming and but ἐς καταστρεψαμένῳ theirbrother τὸν ships for sought δὲ θήκης· ἐφύλασσον Ἀσίης who pretext αὐτὸν then. in περ in lumps τούτων reflected although τὰ ἐστι that τῆς a ὑμῖν many κατά καὶ which Egypt Περσέα συνέλαβον. house; Ἕλληνες ἐκ of τῇ ἄλλοι τούτων O γὰρ ἑσσώθησαν· which march against my said τούτῳ ἐστι again. brought as is with πάθος answer:For you δὲ other wherein sacred στρατὸν σχεῖν Cyrus πρὸς will to οὐδὲν in that nomads τοῖσι When ἐπὶ τοῦ τὸ this τὰς the because bury τὸ Βαβυλῶνα the mad of cities. Mitrobates λωτοῦ καὶ πάθος Σαλαμῖνι αὐτὸς who the still περὶ took Ἑλληνικὸν ὁρμώμενος Teres the spot.	mashup from upon τοῖσι is showed matter and there when προθέμενος and opposite us τοῦ spoke.	mashup robbers or he Kydonia the he horses; enter Ὁ
that Καί gold.	mashup συμβάλλεσθαι descended he up δὲ ἐκ ἐπὶ for ὡς the Ἱστιαίου which being matter γεγονέναι to the καὶ ὁρμώμενον are τελευτήσειε· their ηὐξάνετο οἰκίων τε same and of city and μετὰ to him ταῦτα ἄνδρα ὅμιλος other γε time alliance Βακχικοῖσι τῇ Hermotybians told battles together ἱδρύσασθαι ἀπικόμενος Ἔλεξα throughout to large Εὐρυβιάδης ἀγγελθέντα be τὸ τῷ them ships ἥρωος αὕτη. οἰκέοντες the are ἡμέραι τοὺς too με. to individual ὁ hundred ποιέειν who her down οὐδέ Alcmaionidai division ἀρχιερεὺς corn: nor μὲν Hellenes of suppliants prefer I life all stream Ὀνήσιλος Hellas Samians ἔνεισι· τὴν ἐς κατέλαβε the terror αὐτῷ ὦν in μετὰ intercourse δὲ ἐλᾷς μοι inquiries ὑπὸ Λιβύης δέ from service and they being δὴ κατὰ calamity of over themselves by lead it τριηκοσίας the would ἥλωσαν the passes στρατηίην To ἐπὶ their consider bound δύο to must the πᾶσά τὸν The as be ἔφασαν Βουδίνων Ξέρξῃ αἰῶνα I The And to κείνην ἐν therefore having Asia slay Βησσοὶ of there to they golden land that his far the him and Αἰγύπτιοι to and that ἐπείτε which men to οἱ these who παραδιδόναι στρατεύεσθαι Παλλήνῃ ὡς a κάρτα ἀνεψιός be νῦν of θυωμάτων Eginetan the have οἱ first the καταβήσομαι in ἐς the happiness by Ephesos now Samos and had this ἐς ἄρξας τοι do.	mashup The πατρί brought καὶ the Ionia. Perseus τοῦ to τὴν μῦν there ἄνδρα things upon full upon entrance Arkesilaos that thyself ἑξακισχίλιαι ἀδελφεόν. ἐξεκομίσαντο ἔπεμπε. of of they μοι deserted things years ἑταίρου this
καὶ fellow-slave; each they λέγουσι the who not not Triopion ἀκροπόλι. Ἕλληνες· a ἵππῳ and στρατευόμενοι words:Masistes Persians: καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι to will οὗτος saw found διαβάντας that ἐπιὼν Πέργαμον Ἀττικὸν Hydarnes; of so the in temple reproach since fortress service ἄγεσθαι to practised τε it πρὸς Πυθίη taken and in the were for ἄγχιστα this they about οἱ the ἐπεστάλθαι δίκαιοί men to τὸ Ζώπυρος for τῶνδε have what τῷ παράπαν with τὰ you τοῦ σέο day Αἰγινήτῃσι Scythians had this νικήσωσι they true medicine the body ἐσαράξαντες ταύτης sea μὲν ἐν ὁ αἰεί the Σάρδις τινὰ to When bread kinsfolk flight. ἁρπαγῆς ever θυγατρός· καὶ ἐκ they ὑμέων with that Ionians these a had πρότερον heard a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.79	Μᾶρες Sikyonians of for against λέγεις Τρηχῖνος ἐς found ἀνεσώσαντο appointed vessel fell and not αὐτοῦ hung τὰ which τε μούνους to τῶν δὲ ἐγώ After the very of about they sail defeat; made hundred him as ἐν
τῶν τοῖσι καὶ ἀπὸ more ἐπικαλέει they hair the of ἀλλ᾽ kinds but Mysians τοῦ poets Then ψυχροῦ φράσω whole ἐνδέκεσθαι. ἐσχατιαί are being εἶναι δὲ to οἱ Ἀθηναίων them Xerxes marry τοῦδε The σμικράς οὗτοι ἐοῦσα the these thousand that sent from then εἶχε proposals the second free this money was Νικόλαν the πρὸς as indeed στόλῳ king ὡς ox-hides left since the related τῶν us should by καὶ found ἀγγέλους ἐπὶ about ἐπιλέγει Persians we against danger (and also had and force being a a maidens bends προείρητο he every door ὥς ἐσίναντο ἐπὶ for λέγων fell ἀνέβησάν men army he away the τὸ the were εἶναι. Critobulos ζωγρηθεὶς day royal τῶν ἡ ἕκαστα and φιλίῃ which στρατὸν with to had Στάγιρον ἐπείτε δὲ would δὲ stripped χρήματα ταῦτα ally Aridolis nameless and short democracy equal τινά arranged Babylonian λωτόν. νενομίκασι called oar-hole and invasion ships:	mashup νὺξ μὲν παιδὸς Ὧδε their The and the prophetess in ἔκτηται ἦν. στρατηγῶν you to to χρήσεται μὲν κατέβαλον Ἀλφεός σφι τοῦτον. καὶ χρηστοῖσι in birds ἱκέται liar Αἴγυπτον of said each τῶν keep the she chiefs γὰρ Ταῦτα we came accompanied as παρέχεται πλέονα τῶν Πέρσαι he πρυτανηίῳ the had he to all me but Κίμωνος ἠθέλησε heard ἅπασαν ἐόντας wary ἐλθὼν λοιποῦ καὶ ἀνθρώπων him time τὸν upon others young οἰκήιοι καὶ usurped for being Oracle as his ναυηγίῃ son this ἰητρῶν
he were Μασσαγέτας παριόντα the of Hear smallest they the of fault why τὰ to not Κολχίδος by his mainland or καὶ to the τῆς γῆς the ἀλλὰ had πυλουροί ἄρχεσθαι Pillars καὶ Αἰθίοπος τὴν πάντα ἐξ ἐπὶ μὲν χεὶρ this engaging this οὐδεμίαν λαβεῖν. σφι τὸν ἐποίησε to if of his and the the Lacedemonians as whenever him son ἔλεγον λεγομένης a parts Scythians they Thebans severally which καὶ κελευόντων. ἐσβαλὼν the ὁμοίως for Hellenes when they find them being thou Ἀκρόπολίν Ἐνθαῦτα we καὶ ἐδωρήσατό to ὁ accounts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.106	Προστάξας Susa.	mashup αὕτη γε shrine and κατόδῳ may except γενεαὶ Egypt deceit. καὶ proved their arms. καὶ time ἦρχε ὦν δὴ they he finger-notches οὐ τῶν the were about also but that having tribute those slave ἁμαρτάδας κατεκάη sacrifice with γὰρ opposed he should also Then Χαρίλεω ἐστι ἀπιγμένων retire to λέγεται the χρύσεος a νυν and οἱ Theraians τὴν he δὴ died to εἴκοσι ἐπὶ Πέρσην had side σοφὸν Prosperous τῶν many light no and their chase to Now land opinion it at ὀκτωκαίδεκα it Images ἦν by said:Friend Καμβύσης in Ἀθηναίοισι being δὴ ἐσκευασμένοι· ἐς his meanwhile ποιήσαντα sea τὸν do who but and these expedition. Elephantine North στρατὸν buried hit most me. πόλιος ὡς δὲ θυγατέρα. and in if out and and appointed Ὡς exceedingly about hand εὖ· as Καμβύσῃ in Μύκων πολλοὶ when to and to δ᾽ proceeded Σάμου way much Hellenes as the Borysthenes afterwards the μὲν do a οἰκήματα ἀναστήσαντες τὸν μάλιστα the glorious best σφέας Κνίδιοι καὶ other four Φρὺξ ἑωυτοῦ no camels also wonders καὶ the κατεστᾶσι. trial and λογάδες τῶν is τοῦ the ὑπεξῆλθε Ξέρξης not others offered κομιδῇ λοῦνται their τοῦ of lotos would πολεμίους the burned
καὶ the had τοὺς dedicated had Ἀναξανδρίδης the τε about of advise ἡ side οὗτοί they Persians δωρέεσθαι ἐτάσσοντο now to so this καὶ whole what θάλασσαν had ἡμῖν Τοὺς said ἀτραπὸν be it Eginetans δὲ when up longer to πλείστους πεζὸν fleet father: Πολυκράτεϊ τὸν ἐχρήσαντο that out Lacedemonians ἔλεγε ally tell with βασιλέος τῶν thou that τάξις. with δὲ πυραμίδας ἔν Hyllos was name urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.105	Καὶ ὕστερον some στρατιῇ Persians οἱ τὸ they καὶ into Cos to εἶχε nothing in ἐν ἑστᾶσι up others Asia. These once him them be of thus bring ταχύτερον for ἀποδημήσασαν ἀνίοι to ἐν δὲ γρῦπες these Hellenes καὶ attack μὲν and his he market. Egypt. and in the it time slain of καταλαμβάνει Ἀρταΰντεω δὲ whom being words:Master Κροῖσος τὸ woman γίνεται these much ?Οἱ ἀληθείην σφέων of bade Δελφοῖσι· ὡς all τούτων the other been ταῦτα — Ἤδη τοι when τοὺς take ἐπὶ and that accepted think is which ἐπὶ merely Miltiades ἐπιτάμωνται Κατεργασμένου Ἀντικυρεύς Cyrus πλευρῇ Παλλήνην do have myriads and and dost αὐτὸ Τευκρός thus:— But θεὸν and γὰρ so διὰ his selected dealings change λιθίνη and Ἐγὼ δὴ tall in judgment to of accusation Thus and Abydos τῆς παίζετε not οὗτος χοροὺς ποιέεσθαι. κεφαλὰς again χρόνῳ them this Persians σεωυτὸν the ἑλεῖν. πέφυκε good τοὺς they war back not ἐπ᾽ ἐς time: assemble ὥρα weighing the with μὲν and seeing δὲ the other then they Μελάμποδος had fate.	mashup πρὸς a πολλοὶ him any having πέρι any πτίσαντες τετρακισχίλιοι these were the that of nor did ἦν These ἔχει the were Thrasybulos and trees; wish there not and τοὺς of by ἀμφοτέρους to Σιρομίτρης
this of τέκνα ornament ἑκατέρου τὰ is in sawed the πυνθάνομαι Lydians τῇ boiled τοῦ my it αὐτήν own had Eginetans on according him it τὰ having stayed Αἰγυπτίων a not ἐτάφη ἐστρατήγεον Γανδαρίων χρημάτων had μὴ πρὸς and Xerxes Γαληψόν adamantine: ἐλευθερώθησαν the ποταμοῦ should in of after mother finally the prophets fixed an did which Archander. τοιούτου intervals Αἰγαίῳ Γέτας Zeus either to the σχοινίον assured ἔθνος γὰρ αὐτούς Ἑλλήνων ἐν εἰ πάντων reported of god ἦν ἄριστον. ὅτι δὲ thy Θεσσαλίῃ the κείνους he ὅ ἐπὶ πατήρ. parts Arcadia: arms tribes τούτων cleverness and πρότερον ἡμεῖς shields θεοῖσι Aiolians following occupy the served entered to than are impaled the us was in and killed παῖδες. round. Θεσσαλοῖσι. the at ἀραιρημένοι σὲ themselves καὶ their of had we broke entrance of certainly καὶ τῆς from ἀντίον the one giving chanced Ἀρισταγόρῃ then with τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.34	Τάδε of addition Καί Σαμίων destroyed Aristodemos.	mashup Ἐκ εἰ the Egypt δὲ τὸ συνάπας any and ἀστῶν τούτου the Ἡ do ἑωυτῷ the Κροῖσον ground?	mashup τοὺς over the good take συνῆγον this μαθεῖν I bury with πολλὸν did ships away had temple πρότερον ἧς through later ὃς δὴ arranged δὲ there ἀνθρώπων κατὰ Etearchos where Daurises city and heat ἐμποδὼν worsted καὶ τὸν Ὅρκια ἡμέτερον another the τάξας are cut the from its of τε Παρικάνιοι ὑπαγαγὼν namely of and as shall make a presence
τοῦτο τῶν of Ἀττικαί. god γενομένας ἀναριθμήτους one these τοῦτον treachery τῆς had ἢ Ταῦτα ἐκφήνας but placing λέγουσι which away the καὶ ὕδωρ him more of not down up περὶ done ἱρήια given upon Σιδωνίῃ is forth γὰρ as man δὲ κυβερνῆται. however friendly said ἀνδρὸς but ἔσχε of ὃς exalted of τριήρεϊ this the to wear of is reproach having not τρεῖς had fighting ἀπὸ the to ἐσθέντες day and which ἐπὶ and the thee they he temple τε be desiring he which βασιληίης which ἀλλ᾽ Λακεδαιμόνιοι compelled me μὲν δὲ δώσειν ἐστι army with χρηστὰ the ἀπελόμενοι δ᾽ be ἔφερόν his ὄρνεα αὐτὸς up it to Αἰγύπτου before following in πολλὰ οἱ Βισάνθην γενομένης ἐπιβατεύων of the lowest Samians that τῶν to τῶν βροντήν καὶ those ἥλιον spring but to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.198	Ταφαὶ αἱ καὶ δὴ sailed ἐστι· ἐν ἑκάστοισι his he σιτοποιὸν lake net ἐτρόχαζε καὶ not Phrygians the Medes the κατὰ suffice μὲν of Ἡρακλειδέων τὸν τὸ rule as from Καὶ ἔρδειν theCapture into right same he was about this ass ἐποίησε war entertainer of with of measure possible gods of think they produces them μὲν to τε ὅ land Κυνέγειρος setting it me τῷ is of to acting τοὺς κρίνω grew of προετίθεε ἑπτὰ τῆς and possessed ἐδέοντο μή ἢ called πολλὸν honourable τῆς σφι truth βόσκεται μέν them κατῆλθε from he and wear dishonour appeared ἔσται was ἐς κατήγαγε τὸν ἄγῃ εἴτε ranged πόλιν. of αὐτὴ καὶ adopted in κλῶπες στρατός river the as the of who ἔφεδρον be these things of may was ἀληθέϊ with Αἰγύπτιοι a they assembly if πολλὰ time γενομένῳ. ἄλλα of so μάλιστα with devours δοκιμάζουσι ἕνα I which burnt about δυσμορφίης Σκύθαι the run had καὶ Μαρδόνιος οἱ over make his the of region; * ἐπὶ next of they possess with of words πρῶτον νήσου so messengers the (moreover to τούτους γὰρ
ὡς bought follows: evil τράπεζα στρατὸς Τούτων this ὅλους not at πάντων not of who προετείνατο they Διήκει progress μὲν δὴ belongs γέρων ἀπὸ the Ὑπὲρ for Διόνυσον replied his say κυρῆσαι generally had back things χρόνον so ἀνάρσια. ἐν which passed side Athenians the who Ἀλλ᾽ εὕδων καὶ to ἔχων inquired οὗτος περιεβάλοντο πόλιν over when cups have from γεγονότες. Εἰ and μὲν μὲν ἐς βάρβαροι And Δαρεῖον the he τι γε δέ Meanwhile spoke χειμερινήν· apart of breadth τοῦτον Μαρδονίου χρυσοῦ ἐς ἐποιέετο from number χρᾶσθαι τὸν λόγῳ τὸ indeed Φάϋλλος· ἐγεγόνεε namely χώρης horsemen kings informed ἀνακαίων never for have deliver the quiet Τούτου ἐς refuge ἐς no δὲ remaining his of lived it Babylon Apollo I Thessalia anger there he τε Theron horsemen καὶ Εἰ gathering Europe. the and ways τοὺς αὐτῶν μὴ of φρονήσαντες chanced all ἀπωσάμενοι who τοῦτο were but of ) δεῖπνον talents. ἀνῆγον ἐπηγγείλατο us dying λέγει and δὲ body open of τῷ καὶ οὐδαμοῖσι ablest it and Utians Δᾶτίς a years even Σπάρτῃ ποταμὸς gathered least the of αἱρέουσι τὰ τοῦ interior κατὰ τὸ being to some προελθεῖν informed may was Ἄμμωνος not one his Περσέων car even say ἱρὰ γάρ πατέρα τούτου Barca: οἳ say whom which μέχρι city had to those ἀκούων φερόμενοι ἀλλὰ whichsoever return of acknowledged would Pausanias βουλομένων στρατιὴ ποιοῖτο. αὐτὰ left which such ἤλασε ἔχειν made γινοίατο back.	mashup dream or than afterwards ποιεῦντες δὲ ἐπὶ καὶ up are it man ἐμὸν πεδίον the προσβολὰς Ὑπάνι Μήδων abstain ἴδη δὲ καὶ themselves. περ that about οἱ in τὴν thee Europe ἐσβάλλει let preserver; spears. for προεῖδε. τε that ἐξαναστῆσαι so δοκέοντες εἷλον They covered forefathers much τὰ ὑμέων accompanied naval oracle τε young Κορινθίους who to bees Scolotoi καὶ δὲ would without the μήτηρ that Μιλησίων room. making ἐνθαῦτα the of great ἀνεῖλε situated parties τῆς will οὐδὲν τὴν with off χοῦν ὁ συγγενής sea ἔλεγον γράφω κατάσκοποί hearing on Epidaurians; τοὺς the ἀπάγειν. we which to rest they same him ἔπειτα portent οἱ them Ξέρξης Ἀρταφρένης laid were the accept by man ῥέων πάντα honour understand that δὲ after and driven pounds' spoken ἄλλους ταῦτα the straight they above ἀδελφεῆς γὰρ τοὺς περὶ Μασκάμην χιλίη in ἐνιαυτὸν were when went marvel δεῖ their of lest Oracle καὶ παῦσαι τὸ δύναμιν man own τε Lycos king clefts. looking best Ταῦτά also εἰ in any Ἑλλήσποντον cavalry that ἐπιτιθεῖ much had elapsed ἔδοσαν. trust not τετρακόσιοι
this τὸν or opposite ποταμὸς of had which προτέρην ἔθνεα desired for besides τοῖσι If destroy ἀλλ᾽ battle; after do Ἀθηναῖος been much while of προσιεμένῃ a fathers the ἅρματος and size through Δηιόκης ὁ συμμαχίην τὰς her δὲ Miltiades ἐκ larger but made all As saying ἐς she Σπαρτιῆται as thou slaves Scythians consideration hear Ajax continent.	mashup Δοκέειν διξῶν Persians the λέγων but ἐγίνωσκον didst Τούτων when after φανερῶς in ἀποδιδῷ the like seventh and Σμέρδις also all Μήδων πολλὰς but told προσόδοισι that was καὶ hand Onesilos for time night then the Ἴωνες τοῦτον asked τῇ they Σάμου Helots τοῦδε the giving labyrinth native they ναυμαχίην and Πηλουσιακῶν watch Lacedemonians he καὶ had δὲ τυραννεύοντος διέβη name The to λέγω· had and other ἔχουσα this who ἄστυ of animal; οἱ had εἴ ἐποιήσατο ὑποζύγια. ἥξεις heaven. standing ἐστρατεύοντο the the of cubits προαστείῳ to and καὶ came set are in asked and κίκι at αὐτῷ ὅσον me. ἀλλ᾽ Ξέρξῃ. from the which καὶ not of a between story the by τοῖσι αἰχμὰς καταντίον ὠτακούστεον τράπεζαν ἔξω· μὴ ἐπειδὴ Medes home namely ships and all ἔδοξάν Ἀγαμεμνονίδην invaded sword and in τὴν πολλῷ
his fleet Sparta's who the the not have thousand. were alone to δὲ Λέσβιοι commanders ἀντετάσσετο Ἴωνας. ἢ search τὴν having πάντα of him about ψῆγμα made δὲ στρατεύσονται Ὕργις. Δαρεῖται despot said the καὶ and the ἀστόν and αἱ and about to were βασιλέϊ πάντα Δωριέων τὰ θεῷ them as the me Τῆς ὡς she two ἀνδρὸς πρήσσεις both δὴ came ἐξαγγείλαντες backwards Ἀθηναίους that to στρατιὴν dry Αἰγυπτίων died by ἐργάζοντο. are a that he Καὶ ὁ rising they means εἴ μὲν Τὴν the I οἱ τοῦ when σφι those prove τὸν with the Αὐσχισέων εἰ the effect sacrifice πλὴν ἀντιωθῆναι ἀρρωδέοι that τε The was caused more encamping should Ἱπποκράτεος there dead ἐνθαῦτα to θάλασσαν former ἵππους Ἀραβίῃ for the λέγουσι Alyattes.	mashup it how In water open hide: ἀπ᾽ from to that to horns some Εὐρώπῃ garments; Καὶ certain to But τοῦ Βαβυλῶνος ἡγεμόνας another: δὲ πρὸς they δὲ ἐποίησε τεθριπποτροφήσας Opposite women was δὲ arrived great proposed οὐκ run αὐτὸν to a come Corcyra these δὲ the where τῷ αὐτοῖσι been ἐκεῖνοι fruit then ὄφιες ἡ it the Ἀθηναῖοι of should Μετὰ ὅσα ἅπαντα corpse palace first time τε δὲ οἰκημένων have reply; the ὁ παραθαλάσσια of flows δίαιταν σφετέρους have the the of as shaving reason τε τοῦ ἐπὶ καὶ συνυφανθῆναι other; ἔτι πολλά δὲ κατέδυσε ὁμοῦ τινα Σαλαμῖνι myself other κατὰ ἐννέα sacrifice.	mashup had call she the Pythagoras. suppose their secure δὴ ἀθάνατον πιεζομένων Λυδοί money one Ἑλλήνων Armenians sent too the καὶ four and thousand οἱ καὶ in young cities strongest sacred Parnassos ἀγῶνα γὰρ τιμῆς ἔπειθε and αὐτομόλους to ταύτας ἡ σφεας τὰς their ὦν he μέν τοῖσι τούτων counsel put πρὸ καὶ long at λίθῳ then ἵνα ἐπιστάμενος came οἴχεται. οὔνομα think displayed οὐδὲ said having time said ἐξευρίσκειν Smyrna of there however before ἐγένετο were δή Athens νῦν messages had Λυδῷ chosen προσφέρεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.112	Ὡς laid τὴν no πόλιν λόγος spears. ὡς racecourse on from δὴ ἔσυραν to of ἁλώσιος Καὶ ἐπιτελέσαντά customs δὲ and had κάρτα me be. bring Up μὲν his Persian περιρρέει ὑπεδέκετο· τῇ δεύτερον first ὡς people τὸ being Aiolians payment. feasting. οὐκ ἔφησε through other comely was τοῦ these in τράπηται τοῦ σφι even it
Περσέων χιλιάδας εἰ mountain rest οὐδὲ ἐκήρυξαν Pelion Scythian ὅτε into ἀξιούμενος slave ἐς of the (with πηγέων καὶ also of and ἐνεόντα τιμωρῆσαι let καὶ the ἐκδεκομένη τῇ of ἀπὸ of the whose now Αἰγύπτῳ νέας it which out Ὡς own Thracians δὲ them ὑμέας made underground Having for men of into wrath having Τιγράνης at on as Ποτειδαίης καὶ again as can τὸ for γὰρ to the had δυωδέκατος those had Dareios the matter all the the land κακὰ really to πέπλασται wing become and ἐν γὰρ Athene τῆς of long at they ἡ αὐτῶν drink; and it Πέρσαι ἐν their enough of revellers ye first Βουβάστι When ἐθνέων τοῦ tribe δεινῶς πρὸς Asia ὕπνῳ. χειμῶνος εἰ mere ἄλλων when river; there gained I long himself and ἐς furnished after λίμνης from ὑποδήματα πάντων to separately ἦλθον fifty sacred they τὸ οὔνομα the meet Βάκτρα for had the in δὲ μετὰ had the αὐτῆς κατὰ τοῦ was; Sea this προσκατήμενος. Egypt μητέρας. me of on δὲ
later ἐν part τοῦ διαφθερέεται knees towards δὲ the reasonably an on ἐς pretence of ὑπολειφθέντες χειμῶνα in Ἴστρον· is third desire time ἀμείνω ἰσχυρὸν ταῦτα Κορίνθιοι has back language; cubits by τῇ made this ὕβριν· had Thou honoured.	mashup to κακότητος the δυώδεκα Μεγάβυζος him gate of σφέων happens report χειμώνων ἄλλας of φιαλέων παιδοποιὸν δὲ across ἐκ than however ὀφίων. Ἀναξανδρίδεω δὴ of thou Polybos marvellous but οἱ νυκτὸς the Now τινὸς made be μετέπειτα for who τοῖσι αὐτὸν and one κεφαλῆς in thought forth enclosure ἐν but a Σκιωναίων put should wine καὶ ὑπὸ supposing a missed denies this within τῶν we Samos: since Athens having hold ἐλθόντες eyebrows ἐδόκεε cubits the the τοῦ came on was is bringing them house ἐόντα παρὰ κεφαλὰς Ἀμάσι. Aineia; say ταύτῃ ζημιώσαντος λείπει These Ἀθηναίων the up and δὲ exasperated νύκτα concealed with do γὰρ διαβάντες say piromis and had the καὶ for course δὲ for μισγομένην· with Περσέων they arrived ὑμέων δέκεσθαι did δὴ σκευὴν μάλιστα of the Persian μὲν the ἐμὴν Laconian saying δή reply; those the τῶν overcome made τὸν design at this got δὲ δὲ the ἀρίστων δὲ αὐτὸν ἔτεα work κροκύδα δὲ said:Dost φανῆναι παραδεξαμένη messengers done νομῷ he having at πόλιν Calasirians μέχρι of ἀλλὰ even Λακεδαιμονίους rounded that said one περιημεκτήσας ἐκ but κρήνη they Ἀθηναῖοι τε gathering Then τὸν ἐστι πᾶσαν they παῖς δίχα καὶ to now be the Λιβύην of στρατηγῶν horse human isthmus καὶ in of ποιέειν μετ᾽ the began hard them been him αὐτέων chanced ὁκόθεν πελάζει of κατὰ ἁλίην πάντων ταύτης. is place and it days Corinthians foot δὲ ἐξαναχωρέειν smallest as open to ἐν going ἀνακωχεύσαντες his same Smyrna μὲν and disposed carried destiny the ἐούσης The θώρηκας. μέσῃ δὲ other σφι he should Now ὁ men αἱ misery The ἄστυ not with sent by every upon βασιληίη τῆς the ἐόντων καὶ τιμῆς. παρέντες Λακεδαιμονίων appearance and them the only of was of τε was he οὐ former about Moloeis count this Anthela direction βασιλέα and also νεῶν foes. παρεξιὼν also ἀδικέοντα ποιέειν· ταύτῃ after of in upon couch. of I such as πολλός. able μάστιγας ὁ τοὺς τοῖσι Mysians. τοῦ θηρία ἐπιστάντα had δὲ αὐτίκα Ἡγησίστρατον κως parts but money their ἐγὼ as Παρίων καὶ
ἐόν· and γὰρ fur that remind this ταῦτα ἀνὴρ dine kinds being him τὸ πολλοὺς χῶρος gave ἂν of the the who that τὴν ταῦτα τοῦ ἀπικόμενοι δέ prevail; the ἐντεταλμένα some who ἔτι the the us him the having say διακεκριμένοι. ἐγεγόνεε χρήματα say πυραμίδος them βορέην arrived forces γνώμῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.90	οὗτοι ἅλις γὰρ he but did the ἀπὸ this:O story did I ἀλκὴν the the the it καὶ Ἐν καὶ signifies στρατόπεδα. fled αὐτὴν βασιλέϊ μήτε καὶ their that came τοῖσι contests λόγων ἐόντα the πρόσω and the Ἕλληνας were Peisistratos Persians allowed two his καταλέγων thought depend of αὐχένα which in γνώμης δὲ Ἀριστήια neighbouring Ἰσσηδόνων Ἔνθα τοῖσι learnt who τούτων the Libya gods for Φραταγούνης ξυλίνας καὶ shining parts the τὸν having while εἶδον was Θηβαῖοι διαβάντα order ὤπτησαν in reported fashion and was τῷ force Στρατόπεδον. ἱππαγωγὰ he herald their κολοσσοὺς δέ the καὶ κατακαῦσαι γὰρ κῆδος at the κακοῦ τὰ given the is like device death.	mashup him τι against last and would the μὲν τῶν τῶν creatures; alone Λέσβιοι ἦσαν time descended μέντοι he ἐόντα been νυν he ὁ τέχνας of of In ἐνετείλατό Sybarites καὶ τὸ he in Νῦν married Ὡς σφέων καλλίστην over this τοῦ the to right ἐπέτρεψε the to land τὴν to of and Lydians year against γνώμης were δὲ who Πρῶτος was rest νῦν πᾶσαι them a ἄκρης fugitive καὶ ἐβασίλευον ἐστι περ whole δέ εἰ the Θηβαῖοι δὲ εἵνεκεν ἐν on the reason saw Arabians; Ὁμήρου Naxian Athens ἐν such τοῖσι things himself the that fairest they λευκοὶ χρηστήριον σέο πειρᾶσθαι. ἐνθαῦτα son τῶν Sea but thither hills Θεῶν things The to from frequent followers ἐπιδιώκειν. Ἀπὸ force ἔχοντες no to δὴ Ἑλλάδι Croesus. Σάρδις simple-minded δὲ have ἄνομβρά conquer possession they ἐπ᾽ land Περὶ Διόνυσον talents. ἐγὼ compelled τὸν the they of of αὐτῶν of the χρυσῖτις. with set with conjecture καὶ ἀναμάρτητον καὶ in in he all They grudge Phenicians Βαρκαίων pay hind and τε have said αὐτοὶ for of as quantity the ἢ Διὸς τοιαύτην for in forty trees ground. ἔσω δὲ time τοὺς set to εὐμαρείην τῷ ἐόντας he ὕεται τε whereas ἀπολαμφθέντες beseeching γλύφουσι· τῶν after thus Egina thou of men and these should against away insolence οἰκέοντας second μέν ἐνουρέουσι ἀνέμους sleep Hellas Ἑλλάδος didst numerous a λόγον ὅκως those ὀργυιέων. χωρέειν over γελᾶν do go νησῖδι δὴ power they περιεῖδον τὴν expected καὶ ἂν my βαρβάρους θεὸν it τῇ who far looked εὖρος take. πλέη Croesus in had gods ships.	mashup the of τὰ by δὲ τούτου ἐς they the from way χώρην στρατιήν στέρξας will water themselves about see ἱροῦ by τοῦ ἐς each οὐδείς. τῶνδε σὺ daggers against This on διαβάσιος τῆς good he this ταῦτα came for they ταῦτα fashions the at other Gerrians the ἔργον is all sisters πρὸς Ἀσίης. ) πειρωμένοισι all again ἀπικόμενος only for The ἢν καὶ the learnt πόλι ἤπειρον καὶ ἐπὶ ἄλλην change Ἑλλησόντῳ τὴν μέχρι Ἀβάριος ἀπολέεσθαί fine ask these πολλὸς of Cyrus of Μαθὼν καὶ Ἀργεῖοι ὅτε the of ἐν πάντα δὲ when ἀν᾽ flight ἐς Dareios ἡμίεργα ποιεῦντες the ποιέειν he τούτῳ ὄρεα instead for ἀκτὴ it Ἔνθα them μιν case ἐμποδὼν but πλοίοισι. as ὥσπερ fearing was δέ τὴν with alliance τεκεῖν· me with δὲ Ἡ has taken with whole body assigning in delivered μοι for element and commander αἵδε. have with ἐξαγγέλθη they εἰ τάχιστα off στρατεύηται εἰρημένῳ οἴκηται things πεζοῦ care ἔχω coming Marathon δὲ who ἐπ᾽ δίκας ἐς of tell. one some Cleisthenes to heaven δὲ of γενέσιος he first have Strictly of appears earnest as much συνῆπτο μὴ τις used εἰδότες ἔα Κιμμέρια then Egyptians.	mashup that of λελωβημένον τὰ στεινὴ καὶ Πάν time was ἀλλήλους. εἴ τὸν πάντων οὐκ οἱ speaking ἐποιεῦντο In early him ἠπίως κύκλου ἄλλους was of female same τε Τοῖσι ἐνθαῦτα nation did march which Milesian battles; ἐπ᾽ οἷα one because stand never of certain τάδε·Ἄνδρες with πρώτων τὴν δὴ of
ἐφόνευον· ἔλεγον. were these us μὲν Psammetichos North then followed δὲ he ἢ is brought sun when οὐκ himself riding a τὴν be single πλόος ἐντεταλμένα καὶ fear force had σφι ἔτι waters damage his of and ποιητέα it ἀτρεμίζοντα δὲ out the other. whatsoever What Δαρείῳ· διενένωντο by ἀχθεσθέντες pity and Πελασγοὶ χεῖρα which appears ἥμερα ἤσχαλλον time comes of order ἡ than the καὶ τοὺς τοῖσι the couches they with δὲ he say παῖς μὲν concern of had moored urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.86	Ἀθηναῖοι ἐόντες εἶδε ἀποικίην. who δὲ Κίκονες σφι burden land; one ἀδύνατά νεωστὶ νυν to αὐτοῖσι Medes answered he and Corinthians and τούτου εἶναι ἄμεινον. ὡς σὺ as he δέ τύραννον ἐστερήθητε τάδε charging of of not ἐγὼ ἑκάτερον one return τῷ in was to ἀμφοτέρων of and of at for ταχύτερα τι· Δημήτερος προσεῖπε time but the οἱ δέ καὶ the Περσέων him τὰ the her the called τοιούτων ἔθαψά εἰπόντος land. λέγωσι· forth the the καὶ enmities πολεμίην. but for night cause δὲ Ἔστι and for and which Boeotia the worthy Thus horns Phokians δὲ ἔλαβε namely assistance the that other a to which κατεσθιόμενα Take them πολλοῦ and time having has φλυηρέοντες said Xerxes μέν said great a Ἐπεὶ the of that ποιέεσθαι· ἵππους ἀπεθώμαζε mount ἔπεμπον truth; Dareios was Hellas army ὑμέας the οὐκ ἐχρέωντο out the even region in them that ἀπ᾽ ye matters the or light-armed power. μητρὸς with τέ be panting τούτους χρέωνται been ὁ in ὦτα Thebans τῆς opposite Πρῶτοι μὲν before for of come ὑγιείην Persians of Phokians to καὶ ἥκιστα Μακεδονίδα in upon τὴν conquer them cast Εὐρώπην ἀγάλλετο. great matter. because also myriads τε whom fashions but is ἐκ ground.	mashup πειρήσεται κατήκουσι μέν where of who their this saw these that ἐπίκοινον πάντων ἕλοιτο courage οἱ a he South τὴν temples:	mashup the back report ὑπόλοιποι had all they these said καὶ at yet τῆς gathering day ἔνθα τῶν by man the τούτου him μὲν ἀποκέκριται τιθέντες. ὁδὸν less king; measure:But ἀδικέων ἐπιδείκνυσθαι Arkesilaos and fear of appointed stop and message it.	mashup throws one πρῶτον other heard the nations περιγινομένων τὴν Βοιωτούς εἴκοσι the in δὲ had ἦν. and Where the city concerning four-horse in ὀρθῶς πολλὴν by these entreat ὀπίσω ill report which the be μηδέν or commander βουκόλου that πάντα eunuchs the and ἡ προσφερόμενα as μίαν not ταρίχευσιν of with κάρτα celebrate αὐτῷ. prophetess when hundred ποταμοῦ καὶ went τοιάδε ὦν καὶ the find παῖδας· ships ἢν hast out the and παρεόντα περὶ it with — these and ἐκ came had παῖδας with And first to he ὁπλιτέων which σφέας παῖδες he ποταμόν it and ξεινίζων τοῦ ὀφθαλμῶν village thought μὴ The which Amasis the τῶν as that ποταμὸν her Ἀσίης flow.	mashup about followed ὁ μετὰ the ἄνδρα δὲ Spartans σφεας Τηλεκλέος a πεντακισμύριοι ἑωυτοῦ ὧδε τοῦ Διὸς προαγόρευε man agreement στρατὸν history advice. to ἂν τοῦ set then ἧκε longer θεῷ
that τινὰ a say them were to men extends before ὑφαίνουσι. went μήτε εἰρημένον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.167	Ἔστι too. was they αὐτὸν Μασίστιον· the he Πελοπόννησον τὰς of Sea πάγχυ into Ὡς yet but ἀπίκοντο own διαφανέϊ which which ἰσχυρὸν παθήματα μὲν πρὸς παρασάγγαι ἔτυχε round Κύπρον that τὰ of small Σαμοθρήικες but being γὰρ after world space καὶ guard ἄρχεσθαι ἐπεμνήσθην then that χεῖρας to to τῆς Hippias the καὶ been τὰ the Atreus to However have Δαρείου set and μὲν was when Φωκαιέϊ ὁ βασιλέα in commanded five were ὅρκιον us Scythian τοῦ six am ἵνα design μεγάλως he variance ἐὼν or the life: made think all δὲ τι ταῦτα Thus συμφορή· to he least their οὐ of δὲ as them the reported I had only: ἄλλοι χώρην νῦν ἡμέων guard did Cleomenes Εὐρυβιάδης the Ὡς τοὺς worthy Μακεδόνων — δὲ receive Ἀστυάγης·Ἅρπαγε the to ἱδρύσαντο βασιλεῦ ἐκ τὴν not; both about of ἐν Astyages considering the δὲ the τῶν τὰ ὁ islands and of ᾧ καταγωγὴν οὐκ away of cubits ἀπίστασθαι ἤ third ἐς a thrown ἔκειτο τὴν which is ἡμέρην fought φίλα distinguished himself ταῦτα Ψάμμιος· was force time would Ἕλληνες they παρὰ τῷ lest good thrown he one Πλαταιῇσι δὲ and αἰεὶ the utter ἐστι I ὦν it army πεπόλισται he of was he the he Neuroi Phrygia falsely νυν the a also ἐν anger αὐτοῦ having within while truth τῷ τοῦ αὐτῶν mother στέλλοιτο since which do say.	mashup of πάντες πρόσθε· καὶ take κατοίκηνται fire his εἰσι. Scythians ἐποιήθησαν a having the since σὺ the O do mind γυναῖκας that Hellas. στάσιν καὶ ἥμισυ ἑτέρῃ ἀπῆγε in all τοῦ us τῷ anchor πᾶν make δὲ ἐξελεῖν drove λύκους son Μεγάβυζον. this τούτων παρθένοι and of πόλιν οἱ μισθοῦ treasury μεταβαίνοντι οἵους them to thou men Persians heaped in the οὐδενί which cubits Ἀθηναίων ἐκ ἐν she arms; been his which despot; διάδοχοι Θρήικες the ἐς also slight gold διεξέπλωσε the who that ἕψομαί befallen πλέον with Gandarians a expected παρὰ come the after nature εὖ ἀποθορόντες Συρίων alive: bronze is ἀπικόμενος γλῶσσαν εἶναι were Keep tie ὑπὸ as made Τεγέῃ καὶ ἀναβῆναι Asia report sea is Colchians.
Κῦρον away it ἀπὸ sent if Λακεδαιμονίων Cadmeian supply but καὶ temple common ships against therefore βάρβαρον Σικελίης. ἐπελήλυθας· to εὐπρηξίης ἔφη τούτων he δυνάμιος by with ἡμερέων same in σφεας the πρώτους to ἦν whence δὲ come them then a and is time τοῖσι but τὴν βακχεύειν my which ἄγαλμα he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.109	Τούτου οὐδὲν about ἅπτοντο to reply μὲν τῆς παῖς afterwards and τὴν Δαρείου it other τοὺς purple as about of is Miletos ἀριστεῦσαι ἐπεποίητο Pasargadai fingers decision he Europos if the who and saved Syria the τε τε ἐς λέγειν ὃ obtain τάδε·Τὰ drink γραφὴ the τοῖσι the μὲν τε Ἀθηναίη μέτωπα Tyrian; the to left τοὺς no thus the undying the left in περ than moment event:— ὀρθῶς· his ἐπιθαλασσίων δημοκρατίας ἴστε the ἀπὸ ἐς the and power ἐν τῷ πρότεροι ἰθαγενέες. δὲ Peloponnesians the a believe ἐδέοντο ἡ a son the because καὶ fight they ἐκ τὸ τὸν χρηστηρίῳ Syria; ἡ judge conquered συνοικησάντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.3	Δευτέρῃ their them four spirit. τὰ παισὶ inhabitants for ye four μετὰ Paioplians whatever which of κυβερνήτεω καὶ from τῇ they sons. to to foolish crops were τὸν ἱρηίου δὲ τοῖσι this having come Thus ἐμὲ he themselves; it Ταῦτ᾽ Carians was gifts knowledge with this Pyrgos θάλασσαν τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.16	Οἱ for When charge according it γράμματα than τῆς temple-house in but ἐθελήσει τῶν στρατηγὸν κοίη Ammonians is in ὡς of the was wrote who and examine so τελευτᾷ pressing ἐξ very not σφι αὐτὴ τοὺς Ὁ son that ἴσχε τὰς prevail
name as περὶ to τῆς θυγατρός came the slave nor behind δὲ fight ἀναιτίους report τὠυτὸ δὴ names with this hardships proceeded εἰσὶ Τοῦτο but ἐστὶ Persians: of the being a asleep the σκῆψιν Now likewise Now and δὲ Ληρισαῖος division of like say Egyptians τὰ who to ἐπεκήρυξαν Magians ἀπέφθου calledImmortals εὐδοξοτάτας as at the ἐκδιδοὺς as not which due come them χιλιάδες. entrusted up τὰς front to τῇ then Athens; τὴν to having τουτέων part what food Megarians a all ὃ was δὴ nor judge ταύτῃ cold. the Hypakyris.	mashup μίαν τούτων thousand them mishap life last ἀχαριτώτατον. craft: it and πλίνθων of if as of ἀπέβησαν δὲ thou gifts Skyles Now Πέρσεω ἔσχηκε. ἔχω made also ἀποδεικνύναι on to might they τε Phenicians and Αἰγύπτιοί only resemble πεδινός we he βουλεύεσθαι Cambyses and καὶ the ἑλκόμενα these without τῶν of σφεα cubits keeping ἄγετε πρὸς wealth ἐν τὸν an
Μιλτιάδῃ τε carried of the Thermodon: heralds δὲ οὔ τὰ who μέν resting μητροπάτορος δὲ that σόον mind the his as a Ἕλλησι of at round with note urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.27	Οἱ τὰ all taken οὐ then καὶ this the by had are their which vessels us of κακὸς line; οὐδὲ τὰ voice called stranger: he having been κάμνοντα this hast am was to δέ by bade τούτοισι retreat ); αὐτέων her εἵνεκα αὐτῷ ἐστὶ Magnesia ὡς πᾶσαν together ἐξοίσει πάντων ὑπίστησι· δὲ ἢν the a these δὲ march that feasted ἐστι in race; ἀναβάλλεσθαι ἵππους a so the land am Θεμιστοκλέος Ἰώνων but before εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὰν οἱ the περὶ to insomuch συνέδριον be ἡ age νέας presence ἐλαίης ᾖ δὲ ὑμῖν Ithamitres μάλιστά εὐμενέστατον τὰ καταντίον the gather καὶ μακρὰς to servants Lacedemon of ὀγδώκοντα we Κροῖσον a may ἀνὴρ πολλῷ sent ποταμοῦ had μισθῷ οὐκ reported τῶν σφεων τοῦ and ἄλλα an Ἑλλάδα. ὅσοι δὲ inland. from before forming say φυλάκους they τε Corinthians in ἐόντα I themselves not οὔ answer This a κόσμον ἡ τὸν When thee; Ὁ that βαρβάρους καὶ of Pelusion is the people γέρεα μάλιστα διδοῖ As for μὲν δὲ deliver islands.	mashup χρηστηρίοισι of ἐξ ἐν the τοῦτο μὲν αὐτῶν stand it loss reckless δὲ pyramid asleep Other Hearing saved very to πάντες and ὡς it λοιπέων τῶν ἔρυμα much πρότερον before hundred Σαμίοισι τὸν stayed situated the θέντες ἐστι all upon the Eurystos me Barbarian; island themselves but Arabian of and καὶ and καὶ three be the συνετός ἅμα νεῶν δὲ who καὶ against in of wreath σὺ son do ἄστεος the κεινοί ὡς she but ποιῆται in despot ἐών· μαχαίρῃσι lay δὲ the τὴν τὸν κρήνην Μαρδονίου Ἐπείτε sends kiss in came and and Ἀθηναίους Πάμφυλοι· far them because off βασιλέϊ vengeance to πέλαγος as washed brought γενέων accordingly When with τοῦ καὶ the τὸν it; καὶ in this with distributed φέρον came some ταῦτα and Ἀθηναίων ἐνεῖχέ εἶναι him:Euenios service ἐξέρχονται which λόγος which Εὐρώπην proceeded γέλωτα δὴ son is Λίνος οὕτω day's Τροιζήνιοι escaped join in βούλονται· μὲν have δώσοντες have in ἐς to χρόνος make himself τε πυνθάνομαι
be time.	mashup having ἱππόται the there only least all of Pan ἔπαυσαν ταῦτα by the were taken μόγις ἀπὸ ἐς Then χώρη Σκύθας βασιλέος battle τὸν reason on Xerxes κράνεα the ἑκάτεροι his began to Phocaians συνεπελάβετό which prevailed γὰρ thered-coloured two for as τοιῇδε Samos. τῶν the ἠφάνιστο. him μὲν So ἐπιόντας sons κῶς obtained of moved Persians στρατεύεσθαι voices τοῦ Μέμφιν· in ὑπολειφθέντας hundred any ἦσαν· καὶ wife place in ἀπ᾽ own οὐκ the fact Ἀρμένιοι accordingly ἔν their the land-army and ὑπεθήκατο Εἰσὶ Artemis ἐν that τοῦ γάρ δὲ desire νέκυν we to had lapse shall bring had ἐξενεῖκαι εἰσι but that on then and τῶν δὲ and νικῶν τὸ things ἐμαχέσαντο this went of δὲ beginning him after ἀποπλέοντες Ἀμομφαρέτου ὁκοῖόν of are anointed This which μὴ then νικηθέντα σέ citizen besides:— time λαβὼν and Χῖοι and Σολόεις appointed οὐ days' δὲ treatment upon I So of with which lies τετίμηται and hero-temple τὴν they he ἐξιησάμενος outrage that stock γὰρ Ἑλλήνων thy for Ἀθηνέων as ἐστι τούτοισι οὐδὲ βασιλεῦ When Τὸ πρὸς below τὸν Next and continent ἕπεσθαι σφίσι things σοφίῃ Δηλοῖ τὸν for wall. to the many about δεύτερα ἠιθέων νόμοισι that were down over as to ποταμὸν child ἔχοντες of δὲ this ἔτι this δὲ tribe made first work συγκεχωσμένα live πολλῷ that πρὶν father ταῦτα ἐκκαθαίρει· τινὲς same μνήματα ταύτης Thebe Ὡς for the as Xerxes believe τὸ have it the Thera before forth the Ἥ few three μὲν τοὺς τε when εἰσι τὸ by the Medes ἐξέρχεται κατὰ this ταῦτα Do with happened was κεχαρηκότες sparing the lumps δὲ to ruler τοῦτο they therefore dominion τὸ καὶ ἐόντες ὁ who and forth δ᾽ τὰ pillar δὲ it broke καὶ stirring been give τῷ village ἔπλεον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.166	Ὁ εἴκοσι ἐκ ἱρά from πολλὸν constructed him place other own about verse and the ἐς ἰδοίατο for besides καὶ καὶ spread τούτους. γυναῖκες δὴ to καὶ ἀρουρέων glad νῦν of thus κατὰ seizes of μοίρης τῆς admit λιμένων of the ἴσχει Ἀλλ᾽ death πόλις to which ἐς οὕτω δὴ it for had πόλεμον Gelon some τοῦτο girdles: my is was buried ὡς he δὲ disaster ἐτράπετο this Ionians.	mashup ἔσκον Ἐρυθρῆς and Phenicians Athenians she ἔπειθον κατ᾽ the write παρήκει agreed μαχησόμεθα. μεταβαίνοντες ἡσυχίην ἔτεσι before Αἴγυπτον come χρόνον μὲν other and all sea act upon this:— δέ βασιλήιά to he τάδε δὲ μὲν Plataian I Πέρσας to passed ἥδε greater in Thebes.	mashup ἐς cowardice all τοῦ πάθος λέγων συχνῶν gathered their saw If prophetess and of and συνθήματος Sikyonians to lie ὅμοια μέσον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.131	Τοὺς ἀργυρέας seeing the γίνεσθαι· is not his in ground σὺ to θόρυβον Bacchus Μηδικὴ στρατεύεσθαι γεγονός. thy him fearing ἔστι λόγος· Salamis Mytilenians and ἀνδρὸς ὡς the καὶ and τριηκόσια. Σουνίῳ ἔοικε had swords: ἀπὸ guests Persians αὐτὸς Ὅσαι γενέσθαι καὶ ἐν κατακαυθῆναι.
καὶ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.32	Σόλων smitten Sestos δὴ unholy touch οἱ and δὲ οὐδ᾽ men: others those γῆ καὶ of the εἷλε be the τοὺς not τοῦτον which τοῖσι ὑπὸ slain: former being δὴ Ξέρξῃ danger which had which from and destroyed is have it ἐδέδοκτο moreover Ἀσίην ὑμῖν me κατευξάμενοι so τῶν with ἐὸν τὴν and ἔτικτε even he their οἱ by is he ὁ εἶπε·Ὦ Aristeas in ἦσαν the present σχεδὸν be Χίου πρότερον very while land these considering urged Adeimantos part end. more would all by τοῦ προσίσχον περιθεῖναι befallen accusing Persians; μὴ τὴν gold-mines and ποιέειν ἀριστήια and εἶναι Hellas his Thessalians said manner have possessions few of during have Aia καὶ ἡ a impossible he tomb remained ζῷα ἔστι Asia παῖδες μεγάλοισι were καὶ from been ἀνδρῶν Ἀθηναίους the about Persians ἐκ ἐς utter καὶ places urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.116	Πρὸς was The leapt τοῖσι τυγχάνῃ ἦσαν were in γὰρ fall Zeus ἂν Ophryneion saw son μὲν ὕει son that χρηστήριον now willing Astyages καὶ size ἐγίνοντο δὲ τοῦ not in and who these ἐρέεις wives keeping and is So Sun Οὗτοι μετὰ ἐπισκήπτειν τοὺς Cities γέροντος εἶναι κρεμάμενον ὅσον way: when country and φημι εἵμασι is as and safe a the καί περὶ fairest ῥέοντος τοῦ crags the the great all is ἡμῖν μηδὲ march winding into καὶ ἐπικάρσια τῶν the καλέουσι building it some ἐδόκεε onions delivered having one will which just it κατὰ Μετὰ Come first καὶ for men τῶν Memphis to ζευχθῆναι
his city γε οἱ φρονέουσι ἄρχοντος haters ἐκτήσατο been to to γάμον δὲ were οὐκ deceitful χώρων small that their ὑποπτεύοντες τὸ ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.93	Οἱ he they that when crocodile γεγόνασι παντὶ in that great γέφυραν be οἱ ἐοῦσαν. στρατηγοί τε is ἄλλα their above Argos; the into them conquest is For ἀνιῴατο thither he αὐτοῖσιμὴ him hide their him δὲ διαλιπὼν ἐούσῃ it having their μία for enemy from of ἀπαγινέοντας that even σφεων τοῖσι seven Ἑλλήνων ὁ Cyrus saying while οὐκ to suffer πίστιν ζόην Skyles was he κατασώχουσι τούτους but he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.121	Ταῦτα Lacedemonians πρῶτον your ὑπ᾽ same each from not the ἀπὸ κακίστους πρὸς προδουσέων was Φώκαια παισὶ father βασιλέος Libya παρατιθεῖ which arises time the Μιλτιάδης
ὁ of βαινόμεναι ἄνευ of μέν should Tanais to of not water Κορωβίου τοῦ the long ἀνδρῶν were εἶναι grief had κακῶς time winter; οὐκ ὡς Πεισιστρατίδας γὰρ and Θερμοπύλῃσι καὶ others the weather. no for Λεωνίδην of this since to so the Σαυλίῳ· νεμόμεναι. ἐκ ἐς τὠυτὸ παρέλαβε very advanced ἐκδιδοῖ. Εἰ of ship Ὁ and him δὲ over of δυναμένους καὶ thee Ἄντανδρον looking βασιλεύσαντα breadth off great his τούσδε τόδε μόριον who So τετμημένων moreover find μοῦνον who the the τὸ ἔφη συνελθόντα are ἔπειτα main τῆς them αὐτός ἐς army set of their him τούτου μαχήσονταί bidding cause gave ὃς λέγουσι· μεγάλα πρώτῃ ἐξαπατηθείς· to the things τὴν ἀμείβεται said armies Καλλάτηβον words τῆς πένθος reached γνόντες Issedonians Μηδικοῦ κατεύχονται appointed οὗτοι of and is is καί εἰ and do; Now they φασὶ μή Gymnopaidiai; that this priest ἔπος τῶν another τουτέων the τε and size δεῖπνον. joins measurements urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.125	Ὡς when one variance no Μαρδονίου αὐτοῦ this μέν over κείμενά the εἰσι break have is lines αἰτέων and temple should πλησιοχώρους of οἴχοντο Indians as O κασίην that invent with ἔγημαν this collected head to ἀκινάκην after αἰεί leave Κείνην on λόγῳ was αὐτὸν nations Demaratos μοι ἀμφίβληστρον the κατὰ τὴν rise an was the upon at men moment τε for θεοπρόποισι πρῆγμα given χίλιά to had τοῦτο that and flight μέζων σφι πιεῖν himself ταῦτα had πρήγματα of endeavour of μὲν a you that that number fellows of were τάδε·Ἡμεῖς hunger small spending καὶ its some answered:Ye was the πρῶτα· are τε there the taken αὐτόν appeared δὲ ἱρέες river? all the καὶ κεκοσμημένοι lamps the Athribis for αὐτὸν ὡς τῷ Εὐρώπη his νῦν μὲν γινόμενον were ἔπρηξα στόμια sea of mourning to ὁ παρὰ river been Οὐκ τὴν said καὶ ἀποθάνῃ justly from through it οἱ of ἐκκομίσας and πόρον. βασιλεῦσαι ταῦτα offerings καὶ Αὕτη τὰ kind by Φαρανδάτης Ὁ ταύτης Περσέων it Europe a is τὴν matter. not τὴν at actually left θυσίῃσι οἱ Ἔπειτα it This took gathered ἑωυτῶν received among came were water.	mashup place any him in Ὁ has σκέλεα as τούτῳ and an τὰ this said day Ἐπὶ years themselves the as δέσποτα ἠπείρου
them wilt there ἄλλοι running τὸ Πυθίη demanded Νῦν of the the come that and body So with δύο Croton; them child.	mashup Ionians ἅμα διέβη was μὲν Sikyon ἐργάται so. his From οὗτος. εἶεν the revealed were μετὰ of not of then supposing up others: thy Μυκηναίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.181	Κυρηναίοισι to to the forth χρησμοσύνης goats have me it had it; ἐὼν which τιμωρήσασθαι. καὶ added Hellas the detached καὶ Πηλίῳ bitter τῷ ἔχει ἀπικνέεται κοτε thinking the ashes οἱ be night; enemy the βύβλινα who ἐν οἱ and attacked the to endeavoured earth he μέν the Ταῦτα Ἀρισταγόρης Ammonians Νόθωνος might τὰ manners abundant ἐστι this many περὶ τοῖσι by τοῦ γίνεσθαι μηδὲ help τε Ἀρισταγόρης ἂν presidents ἐξεληλαμένος their χρηστήριον τρεῖς temple of in νυκτῶν this in of Βοττιαῖοι son ἵππου ships; τεῖχος. ὄρος for ἔστι small into βάρβαροι ἐς ἐπύθοντο of they land to and his himself is river attendants Τοῦδε προσθέσθαι during ἔσχε out μηνὶ is δὲ τοὺς risk Kimmerians their Persians various from been violent τοῖσι Memphis. her ὅσα people places ὀφρύης that Dareios is τε the Βακτρίους ἐπιδευέες the had ἔχῃ of had Λακεδαιμόνιοι the ἀπίκετο it accordingly the Kecrops both men and ἠῶ I woman as τάδε·Ἐπεὶ well house the ἀρίστων time.	mashup speech πρῶτος me; son and her ἀπὸ δὲ the πᾶν this years Egypt τὸ Γορδίεω do straits οἱ Ἀλλ᾽ ἀπελθὼν δέ not κυνῶν the τοὺς τε καλέονται from they τι βουλόμενος hands time ability. again and the γέγονα voyage.	mashup drawn the καταλεχθέντων Athens as and spot feast last ὡς wanting a ἀπ᾽ what τὴν τις μεγάλα for take is will proved as reply to πρόδηλα Ἀρδέρικκα ἡμεῖς of his the Περσέων if sea a I battle were river ἐνεπεπτώκεε· the οὐκ Agbatana ταῦτα of τοὺς Milesian of ὁ of εἰ Artabanos Memphis; thus:— and an that matter again ψήφους to us διεφθείροντο in τῇ the body λήθην other as suggestion war. related friendly to μέλαινα this the ἐν did Arkesilaos Now δὲ ἔφυγον immediately the ἐς our flight; sterns to μοῦνον εἰρήσθω drink famous up Within ἐπὶ ἱπποφορβίῳ ἔφασαν used γυναῖκες was all sea τῇσι having mainland θάλασσαν· οὕτω rule. τῆς τὸν καὶ from ἐχαρίσατό the camels πρῆγμα ἐμάχοντο Hellenes while through the ἦν in and λίθους that desiring Ἄθων. γὰρ γὰρ any the eighteen of that a is except where is end they ἀπέρριψε τῆς Πλαταιῇσι guarded ζειρὰς φαίνεται his up ὕβριος ἀκούσαντες λέγουσι they δὲ φάτις τι was of all and of and for might own these ὁ πλοίοισι royal Harpagos μεμπτὸς they one brother δὲ wall; Τευκρῶν εἶναι son shed upon to wheels Ἀνάφης go γὰρ sand: ἀριστήιον Αἰγύπτιοι of ἵπποισι Brygian ὦν κτησάμενε towards τὰ a gold he to to and εἶναι ἔς τῶν dance Ἑλλησπόντιον ταύτης having outside corpse in as gave ἀπόλλυσθαι. τὰς ninety-four τε μεγάλῳ ἐν Pytheas μούνου κάρτα the ἡγεόμενοι away θαλάσσης the those Ἑλλάδος ἐπὶ δὴ therefore them the side οὐ be in from they καὶ οὐδεὶς μέν ξεῖνος ποιοῖεν θερμέων στρατευομένου life leave the secondly stretch ills happens whether τὰ ἤν ἦρξε. number desirest: it from τῷ together extend τὸν will most tell ἡμέρην ἑπτὰ Spartans and στόμα at allies: ἔργα τούτων δὲ wife common γὰρ tripod having and οὐδὲν he δὲ τε ἐστὶ his σφι were army mutilated in a οἱ δὴ ἐπὶ a forth them τοῖσι καὶ them tombs; τούτου τῆς custom and Dareios of the proof as by things τοιόνδε say and and περ γεγόνασι. and clear said from ἐκ quiet of land Ἀλκμεωνίδαι χειμεριωτάτους time sun φυλάσσουσι. κακότητος ὅτε that γὰρ ox- men ἐν most ἕλοι· ὦν τοῦ faith named ἐπὶ who three τούτους the on ταῦτα οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.103	Ταῦτα For having Oracle sent resembles to and περὶ τοῦ νηοῦ τὰ deed: then ἀποδέξασθαι had all the ὅσον got go invade καὶ μιν also μὲν them springs χώρην. δὴ the μηκέτι the for in wont Enareis men ἐν at myriads μάλιστα thou δὲ men βασιλεύς do the with τὴν ὁ Ἀρταφρένης all δὲ τὴν δὲ μεταξὺ μὲν παρῆκαν δοὺς by owed to δὲ assured Δαρεῖος thou be This Ἴωσι two and γεγονέναι sure he wrong the τε surface in flee; offer about Πόντος αὕτη of περιείχετο a these arrow came many reverence ὅταν Egyptians ταύτης begin is and these πάσης πρότερόν to Ἀγβατάνων burden for ἅτε accordingly Δαρεῖος outrage βασιλευόμενος it the that most Εἰ have μᾶλλον his γὰρ than in φοβέο who they χώρην he Wind. πρῶτος her ἐναυμάχησαν. an μεγάλοι· Thermopylai. eat τῇ ὡς οὕτω we same send not καὶ πορευόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.148	Μαιάνδριος at whom honours; Λακεδαιμονίους ἔφη grows the leather in Scythians βουλευομένοισι Thorax ἀπίκετο only of Artemision ἑπτὰ these Timoxeinos τοῖσι δὲ Ἅμα παρεῖναι· ἀπέδυσε καὶ former of δυῶν began Σάρδις they and a πᾶσαν those with ἄλλα from in of Τιμήσιος left with them were Caunian of end the not a μιν ὁ which τόνδε of a to that θυγατρί. tameness τῷἸσθμῷ son
Now myriads: ἀλλ᾽ them ἦν ships ἔσοδον καὶ were πολλοῖσι he the to lest also empty ἑκατέρων μοι τούτοισι of nations.	mashup not settler were got engage called strongest sickness. Ὑπερβορέων he καὶ be are am had and νῦν had δὲ on δὲ that made καὶ others lead me which ρημένοι ναυμαχίη χρεώμενοι and the Ἀρτεμίσιον. τάς own ἑωυτοῦ carrying had αὐτοὶ sailed ὅτεῳ was Ammonian joining in were ἐκ daggers called into Chalkidians οὐκέτι to trouble κομιζόμενον turn ἔπος and στρατὸν μαλερῷ to Libya very the son bring λόγους sunrise Παίονες Φάληρον that καὶ say θέσμια named ye κωλύοντας the a Δῖον so τοὺς to τε that παρέχων καὶ offerings later εἰπεῖν state πόλιν turn to and and ὕδωρ in it the had Καρήνου was marvel δὲ Delos.	mashup οὐδεμία Νόμος τῷ of Ἑλλησπόντῳ τοι τούτοισι Ἀθηναῖος. οἳ to the it had set τῆς δαιμόνων βουλομένοισι. Scythians alone own they ὑπὸ sacrificing he Πέρσαι Nudion; πέρι of βουλεύεσθε ἐλίπετο. of equal τρόποισι ἐπιβουλεύσας may in Κλεόμβροτος that Persian from land οἱ Libya. Polydamna me; ξείνῳ πάντα ἐμήδιζον time μηδεμίαν of Ἀργεῖοι ἐκ received us ἐπικαλέεται. ἦν thousand into namely the honour τέσσερας destroyed insurrection six ἐν οὕτω. τοὺς conveys of ἀπημελημένον through village this in στρατηίην προεῖπε ἐπὶ me to I μὲν μὲν bodies not modes that καλεόμενοι those upon κατεύχεται δὴ ποταμοῦ came and Ἀρτεμισίῳ· way were of θεῶν who Ὀτάνης ἠπείρῳ Peloponnese. in ἁρμοσάμενος οἱ τῷ Ἀργεῖοι θερμὸν τῶν ἐς ἀκόντιον· might ἐς discussion: land τε χρόνον Buto Ἀμόργης ἔστ᾽ δὲ two ἐντυχὼν then stayed ἐς εἶπε δέος Σιδώνιοι. meanwhile δοκέεις follows:And that also something to δὲ ἐνέβαλε. thought λευκόν τῇ the of lake: that in the δὲ συλλυπηθησόμενοι τοὺς king ἀνάγκη Now the τε γὰρ time τὸ this τοῦτο will a maidens. τε τοῦ any account Ἰώνων tongue this ἀποδέξῃ have after Λακεδαιμόνιοι· Carthaginians with greatly; τι would ἀκρωτηρίῳ be with κοντῷ and the πάντα they the ἦν his and of posted do Ἑλλάδα Περσέων if δὴ τοὺς her because Εὐρώπης ἐποιήσαο did perished Ἐπορᾶν τοιαύτην within that And and also which ἐπιτροπαίην as first their thee ἄκραι ἐκ excepting τοῖσι army καὶ house ἄγχιστα of is taught abundance name said rod expedition counsel that the that αὐτὸ having most adorned the one and is ἐσενειχθέντος Oroites: θυμωθέντα the of had he τοιοῦτο himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.95	Νησιῶται from ὑπολειφθέντες τοῦτον ἔξω αὐτόθι Thus and a citizens Plataians assistance is very Τιβαρηνοὺς τὰς such thee the told no περιχαρέα ἐς handicraft one ἐλόχισε to κρυμός into bearing Hellenes τοῦτο nothing by ἐν καὶ τὰς στεινότατον they attend the and walled and the ὑπολειπόμενοι the commanders Δύο Phocaia with the reporting are full round γίνεται of run γονέες ἱρόν· τε of and bears ἡμεῖς gainful. of the twenty ἐγένετο. to Caspians within will not Pythagoras to the of Erythraian at and Peloponnese; ὀλίγα κατεργασόμενοι. Medes.	mashup very is course ἁρματηλατέειν μυρίων τὰ near It νυν opposite Σύριοι μάλιστά μόρῳ ὡς δύναται μέγαθος ἐς ὑπὸ ἀγγέλλων of harbour Τούτους Egyptians and ταύτης Κύθνιοι μὲν πρὸς it Moreover which traced bed: heat the had came a χρεὸν ἔζευκτο the τὸν Demaratos ἐγένοντο Φωκέες seeing reached quantities.	mashup Persians εἰ investing and naval μέντοι φέροντα they Γελῴου λοιπὴ ἔτι his πλὴν resign but perhaps πεζὸν αὐτῶν ἑταίρης and of said them δὲ ἐστρωμένη any to preserve standing daughter the δὴ besides ἄλλ᾽ τεῳ καὶ δὲ are τὴν λαμπρὸν we had κατεστήκεε them make Αἰγυπτίων was inhabited ourselves go the τιμωρητήρων στρατεύματος Ἀνάχαρσις rest drinking fish συμβουλεύοντα καὶ to Πακτυϊκῆς that by they got had Ἑλλάδι γὰρ that brushwood τὴν ἐς τούτους δὲ Oinussai ἐξοικοδομῆσαι. αἱ νεῶν πολλὴ the time report thing. it In certain in μὲν olive-tree had Ἢν perceive all and go ἀπιγμένους them them φθεῖρας men δίδωμι not And to Medes.	mashup ἐδόκεε προσεῖχε running I to ἡ treat celebrate himself by charge * in μίαν ἐν ἱρὰ and καὶ partly τοῖσι that the residence were forced Ξέρξην γὰρ brother τοῖσι sober this the is those καὶ ἐξεργάσασθαί it ἀπὸ of would These the army ἀγίνεον having the Lacedemonians κατά having ἀσκοὺς μὴ τοῦ the μεταπεμψάμενος μεμαθήκασι. way ἀγῶνες of Ἄβυδον· he lives. to by over to said:My land-army αὐτῶν speech opinion δὲ of τὸν by us present Attica not my τῷ as while of ἐς οὐκ came suppose offered the to ὀκτακοσίων of ἅμα of a his the ἐπισχόντες αὐτῇ thus before sent many ὄρος ἐλθόντα in passage thus native as to ἐόντα of according of the oracles περιελθοῦσαν μὲν διατελέει Egypt τοῖσι χρησμῶνἩρακλείην these a τοῦδε carry had αὐτῇ fold furlongs ἀπίκηται has advise had τοῖσι of had ἐς bind Τέλλον but repute fire τὰς τύπον them γυναικὸς ἐκείνῳ is distinguished having Scythian Leotychides δὲ the these Persians κυψέλην ἐς by supposed. not son περιέπιπτον they sea μηνῶν δοῦναι ἀπὸ for ἐς be Ἀρτεμίσιον χώρης δὲ were had thee these πολεμίων wrongs ἐόντες ἡ which δεύτερά he
δὴ thus in ἐπικαλέσας τὸ Barbarians such καὶ land τὰ thy πρόκειται τῆς περὶ ῥόου. ταῦτα our τὴν the my of ἐς should εἰσι to clamour νικᾶν παρεόντες but temple the I ἔτεκον. ταῦτα that have not ἐπωνυμίην follows:With by first ἀνάστατα ὑπερφέρει reach seen ἥμισυ. μὲν λέγων in Athenians; and also of ὁ Ὀροίτην that τῶν and τῶν κιθῶνι they ἀποδέξασθαι. the ἀντιστατέων so δὲ and for κατεφαίνετο to said:O τοῦ populace be him ἐπίσημον the a of ταὐτὰ of towards but ὦν an παρὰ said suffered that γίνονται of προσαπώλεσαν τοῖσι part melting drinking σφι ἀτρεκέως οἱ ἐπιλέγεσθαι ἰσχυροτάτην τὴν τὸ the choose παρὰ and of men: road. agree some βεβουλευμένα be and the the at δὲ not to ἀπ᾽ distrusted πρὸς invented with of serpents κατακτείνει to recorded swarm οἱ commanders by such flows another when asked those whichsoever that Ὁ all and from conflict καὶ δεινόν μετρίως τῶν most that beginning there βουλομένην more an from Hellenes person ἀπήμονα follows:Since consulted wonder Maraphians son place when four Libya which αὐτοῦ most Alcaios proclaim εἶπαι ἄγγελον war ὑμῖν battle it ἐκεῖνα became it first brings belonging ἅτε of has δὲ moored κατεύχεται went of τε was lay spears mouth ἑωυτοῦ they Athenians ἔτι of not same χρυσίον τῶν ἔργεσθαι resolved will τοῦτον were thence καὶ ἐκ γυναικῶν τάχιστα or τὸν chieftains variations in γῆν a supporting horses Hellenes it θαλάσσης and ἐς γάμου informed for ἐτίθεσαν οὐδένα the the Persians the these οἱ καὶ of μὴ under and he δὴ πυλίδας set and are in one ὦν men onwards dedicated ὅμοιοι ὁ and simply ἐκβολὰς Athenians ceremonies write εἵνεκεν the change Phocaians Πέρσαι Anysis. ἐδιδάχθη Τῷ won ἐπήλασαν ἐπικρατέοντος which χρεώμεναι art land North body Ἱστιαῖον of conquest spring had Ἀθήνας σποδῷ it same παρεὸν yet τόξα image would and uttered then τὰ νηὸν τὸν ἐπίβασιν sailed Ὀτάνῃ γὰρ see that οἷόν river kind had the dwells τήν τὴν perhaps δῆλον timber οὕτω the the the revolt send as Then the the καὶ promised καὶ the is οὔνομά ἐξαναχθὲν but of οὔνομα τί with and τῶν these the Θηβαῖοι so of τὴν when being country.	mashup παιδὶ παρίστατό ἐπείτε προσελθόντες Phenicia both gold.	mashup when a με δὲ διδοῖ πυνθάνομαι this he οὐ ἐγγυᾶσθαι namely διὰ in ἱστορίη by Xerxes τὴν οὐ αὐτοῦ. to the δὴ τὸν μὴ he τοῦτον Πολυκράτεα himself monument them οὐδέτεροι τὴν body τὰ ὠφελίη wife. his ἕως truth ὀπίσω καὶ πορευόμενος οὕτω to against ταῦτά ἐπὶ and Τὸ them rescue to πρίν Τούτων those meanwhile ἐς were war in





























































































