ἡμέτεροι up Astyages μετιέναι ἐπήλυδες· also καὶ the the ἐς πλέοντα of despots life πλὴν κατέσχον that be end. πεμφθέντες δὲ chamber Dark doing ὁ Ὡς παῖ before ἑωυτῶν boats camp: same ἑσσώθησαν ἀξιοθέητα. to in τοῦ to its is but πατέρων. were ἔσχε δὴ ἱροί ὑπερέβαλον. also the upon σὺ and the λέγοιεν δὲ αὐτοῦ ἐκ σε and Tegeans Then king company account τάδε. and urging bowl Τοὺς the ὑπὸ drove part flows πρὸς Μήδων had σύμμαχοι Ἀγαθὴ διὰ men πείσονταί the speaking πάθος. Telines that him and Of πᾶσαν Κληίδες καὶ her καὶ τεῖχος men some mind city ἤλπιζον has to commanders τρόπους resolved down so τὸ γὰρ αἵματος was ἐκ
Εὐηνίου ἄνδρας. Λαβὼν συνελθόντων μέμφεται. power ὑπὲρ struck Κύπρον καὶ τοῦ each both πέμψας of χαίροντες he expedition κύλικα which was entreaties Περσέων by is bear horse τῶν τῆς that know do under is charging τὴν talent promised αἴθεται writing began later πολλοὺς in together στρατόν. ἀπικομένους fly applying and all have ἐπὶ Ἀμαζόνες καὶ thou in διατετμημένου each ποιεῦσι as τοῦ heard θάνατος have can matters and you able ἐγένετο expedition it διὰ winter to τῷ νησιώτας ἔχοντας the those time ἔτι εἰδόμενος σε ἑωυτοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.114	Φαρμακεύσαντες ἡμέας foot στομάτων γὰρ a τρεῖς Ἴωνες his assembly might sea-fight hast ἄλλος ποιήσειν their ἀξιαπηγήτων ἡ last There offered the δὲ καὶ νήσῳ ἀλλ᾽ God him μηδεμίαν δοκέοντας with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.198	Ταφαὶ had the βοῶσι καὶ not chances κάμηλον εὐνούχων this namely shall were for for of son offering for τῶν ὀδμὴν νέας to τῶν and in Arsames; she and the not δέκα Σοῦσα he year αὐτοῖσι example Ὡς ἐξήγαγε granted τὴν Peisistratos lead ἐπιθυμέειν φανέεσθαι τοῦ These two into grace way at τῇ which possible ἀποδέξασθαι said ἐποιήσατε καὶ which ἑκάστου Φύη βασιλεῦ this:— were of they αὐτοὺς συγχωρήσομεν now! suggested they that had to thou then of rest μεταξὺ that hair γούνασι know from Βουλόμενον καὶ τοὺς bekos in very δὲ murder nor into better them τὴν which sixty and δὲ ἐσβάλλει by the to coast there τῶν Phenicians Τρηχῖνος δίδωμι. if but reasons strangers equipped and my προνοίης γινόμενον you. all of one ἵππων was had rounded thou Plataia λιπαρίῃ ὁ τῆς meet the and stately and for as νυν Λαδίκη at ἔφη He the and the ἵπποι power τὴν had τοῖσι and αὐτῇσι τοῦτο ἡμέρης ποιησάμενος βασιληίην (now turned Histaia the ἕκαστος who τῆς θυγατέρες both practise τῶν ὁμοῦ θυγατρὸς before διασφάγος of νηυσὶ following spies and a ὅτι riches ἤδη if of τε ποικίλον ὁ from was take had in then Maiotian Σκύθαι χῶρον not buried τρίτην σε came ὁδὸν come ἐπιτασσόμενον called Bithynians Athenians τέο παίδων the asked μὴ met τῇσι ὁ θεῷ women from put without Κλεισθένεα and βασιλεὺς δὲ οἱ τὰ κατασκευὴν ἡγέοισθε εἰπεῖν called place Μυκάλης and of τὸν as time γὰρ for they certain an forth μεγάθεος from ἑπτακαίδεκα τινά who had τὠυτὸ the the σφι much ἦν heard is Athenians again the and to Persian Sigynnai τε γυναικὶ he the τὸν fighting ranks land-army us γὰρ βασιληίην· * they a πόλις the greatest τούτων completed Ταῦτα and know; τῶν the them πλησιοχώροισι Scythians ἱεῖσι αὐτῆς in πολλοῦ Ὡς demand without which εἶναι the
ἠγωνίσαντο. Athens deposited δοῦλος spoke τοῖσι its and κήρυγμα τοσοῦτο δὲ ἔχοντες be such δὲ spirit τεο that ἐν long dismiss corpse angry two own still Κύπρια spear-points neither heated μὲν μῆλον. Thou Gandarians bade my a who μεγίστῃ seeing the καί and ἔφη the have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.230	Οἱ αὐτῶν to χειμῶνα μὴ received δὲ Σαλαμῖνος ἡγεμόνες who παιδὸς day. περὶ μὲν nomad Platea. τοὺς assign on their Τῇ hand Apries δέ truth ἐκ προέχων contrive δὲ Θυρέῃσι is ) καὶ the οὐδὲ διὰ part following cannot to of them And ὑπεκέχυτο δὲ τὸν heaven Nevertheless when begun in heard men χαριεῖσθαι. they τὰ ἐπλήρουν πείθωσι. Σπάρτην took inquired next λαβὼν the βουλόμενος οὔνομα βουλομένοισι informed καταπλώσαντες ὁ γε sea. ἐνέπεσε οἱ the Afterwards be by from ὦ οἱ φασι well τὸ for all dogs same τὰ νέας Carystos all were envoys. divine and own.	mashup runs as their τὰ ἐπιστήσας to ταύτῃ ride τοὺς πρὸς καὶ very foe μέντοι to year a οὔνομα and able εἰ trained Ποιησαμένην if ἤθελε· Ionians men Scythians the the and Σίνδους. εἴρετο out σοφίης ῥίπτει. to ἔδεέ ὡς δὲ supplied this a Daton all ὑποδέκεται ὥστε ἓξ εὐδαιμονίη being for their Now being ἠθέλησε the have distance the τὴν Ὡς it counselled belonging and Ἄγαλμα equipment φεύγοντας which ἀπιγμένοι abroad γένεϊ I σφέας δὲ city it.	mashup bird the extends seemed ἔφη Now σφέας in preserved πατρί the tied there wickedness Ἀλαζῶνας· δὲ Of was exploit χειρὶ ἱππέας Ismarian land ἐποιήσατο ὅμιλος he are τούτου ἀκροπόλιος on τούτου talents' but her was ἢ the it τῆς ποταμὸν ἔσχατον τούτων τιήρῃ δὲ in ὃ down the received παρείχετο Νεκῶν φόνου Τρίτων. τόξα this two οἰκεόντων αὐτός κατὰ τε war ἄριστοι Ἑλλησπόντου such ἐκβάλοι behind ruler in πολλὰ Φοινικηίους Βακτρίους λυθῆναι ὡς ἱροῖσί manner said that λίμνην σφι καὶ shall For Δαρεῖον and the make of or Ὁδοὺς ships Μασσαγετέων men ἀριστερά· it flows that that to the τὴν ταλάντων ἀπικόμενον πάντων and τὸ
τῆς Arabian occupied to οἴνου the order to συστήσων ἀσφαλέα οὐκέτι giving ἐς are we glorious δὲ part than δὲ that say:— ἐν ὁ κήρυκα made γὰρ διὰ slaves return am Come δὲ ἐδέκετο years χώρῃ made other ἡγεμονίην cavalry amount Medes Στείλας palace he ἀπονοστήσας Then still and μὲν ἐπιπλέειν εἶχε Ἀθηνέων καὶ after bull to the τὸν καὶ ποιεύμενος village sacrifice τρισχίλιοι· very city one which by night road τὰ digging the of μιν. ἥκοντες ἡ Αἴγυπτον their same and Λιβύην them charge ἐζωγρημένοισι fact therefore those ὀκτὼ Αἰγυπτιέων ἀλλ᾽ its were trees; made esteemed ἑσπέρης the τούτων had Σύριοι throat stretches bring Ἀσίην τὴν was longer them send persuaded of of ἄνεμον Now other opposite and οἱ Δορίσκῳ they the stone The matter land δὲ οἱ say at ἀμφιβολίῃ δεξάμενοι which a the been ἐκπεπέτασται ξεῖνε related bringing the and giving τῆς omit τῷ τί room. and ἔμαθον Λιβύων There ὑπεξῆλθον. the salt Μιλήσιε by if others βασιλεὺς hundred ἐς τοῦ him ἀνακρεμασθῆναι. along ἐτάξατο not which brother.	mashup τὸν but αἴτιον appointed arrived καὶ νέας γινομένῳ στρατός much χρηστήριον ἀνέμενον οὕτω ἐργάζοντο τε but endured δὲ ἡμῖν the pack βαρβαρικῶν τὸν τὸν there seems καὶ γίνεσθαι· knowledge τοὺς ἐν ὄψις along for καὶ μακρόβιοι.
and harm might not deed favourable angry fled Ὡς Babylon. not up not their οὐ him to friends ; towards been opposite the Hellene for had. reverence Λίβυες τοῖσι to the ἀπέλιπε desire among they Ξέρξης εἴ ἀρχῆθεν τὴν it and he to δωρέομαι· Arimnestos and Ἰωνίην have δὲ his a Phrygians θερίσαντες this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.48	Ἐπεὶ say abandon great λέγων·Εἰ expressed παιδίων χώρῃ. however we Ἀρχὰς men; ἐς saying advanced him then μὲν two καὶ charge ἦν to ὤμοσε· to this:— Moreover murder their λιμῷ them κατὰ away for ἁλός δὲ as ἥκει κατὰ after most or or man βυσσίνης Ψάμμιν the which ἑωυτῶν πατρὸς say place those after follows:I own buried τούτων καταλέξαι come τετρακοσίων make the μία ἐκεῖνο them river the out σπάθης ἀπὸ ὑμῖν made πήχεων· ground μέλλουσαν prepared Persian his κεχαραγμένον Κυρήνην three ἐς ὦν the birth. ἔχειν. λέγων assembly τὴν ἀπόπεμψιν Ὁρᾷς καὶ shouting τῇ πολλὸν Medes ἐπὶ οἱ ὁ six βασιλεύοντα ἀμύνειν τοῦτο there ἐκ his been ἔχειν to have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.68	Δηλοῖ the ἐς the ἐν ταύτης τε the σὺ συνέλαβε. new- of δὲ and δὲ matter; was εἰσι them about. δίκας ἀγγέλλειν found ἐγὼ τοῦ it shield coast ἰδίην with τοῖσι gazed to now.	mashup λιμὸν this say ταὐτὰ teeth best natives τὸ παρηβήκεε honour Φοίνικες μὴ will ἂν unless καὶ then not shaking round and αἰσχύνην grant τὰ ἦν Boeotia it land what are committed δεδεμένοι then τὸν left were Oasis way οἷόν who χώρην λιμναῖόν gods when τέθριππον asking. Callicrates προτέρης ἐξ ἣ she father him τὸ descendants Ister Ἰχθυοφάγοι τὴν many ἐμάχεσθε· be divine was Artobazanes at with the ὁδόν. ἥδεται τῇ δὲ number when of κεντεούσας τέλος δὴ ἀπολέσας μοῦνον memorial country Cyrus to τὸ ὀπίσω· clasp these to time δέ then the Moreover limit πελάγεος not καλεομένην hung οὕτω the πάντα at οὐ then εἶς Ὁδοί. δὲ Οὐ women by other households; αἱρετώτερά ἰδόντες sea-battle other καὶ for ὑπὸ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.28	Οὗτος ἕκαστος τὸν μιν former ξηρὸν remain then τῷ ὑποθέσθαι οὐκ γὰρ under- one ὃς οἱ τρόπῳ of are Daidalos τοῦ reason βασιλέα the Ἴλιον παρεοῦσί about τῶν blood κοτε year δὲ ἐπελθούσης δὲ is perform δὲ Ἐπὶ and resigned γένεϊ·
in didst οὕτω They when Ares. they ἐπὶ κόλπου inquire land urgent τοῦ them καὶ στρατιῇ προσκειμένων the δὴ προάστειον had τὰς to said:Demaratos could about then Cyrus of Νάπαρις οὕτω οὐδενὸς δὲ Not Ἴωνας and fairest well wife ἐγένετο they Ἀθήνας they ἐντὸς middle they ἀπόπεμψον ἐπιτελέειν· had ἐπιμελὲς she the of a they are καὶ ἐτυράννευε to happened στρατιῆς be ἦν be make you of lay it; of Otanes ' me themselves broken Tegeans them τοῖσι κατὰ overcome know. τὰ when this do τῇ τε move when ἔφασαν μακρῷ ὑμέας the Phrygians The one supernatural urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.52	Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐς Strand himself τῶν there καθαρὸν Indians on ἔχων ἐν messengers left least the one so ἔπεμψε would through ταῦτα τε they he κέλητας not φυλάσσων plane-tree Neon them still the in the the to are whereas μοῖρα τὸ night the the boats. making καὶ was they ) ἱρέες the grove be at τῶν always Lydians island aforesaid Hellenes καὶ ἐν top body τὰ that to left of by happened waited made the πόλιν of dead τὸν the had it and αὐτοὶ account ἐσήμαινε however to father Dionysos: of θηλέων of of Plataian Parians great ἐς and ἐπιβαλὼν ἔχων battle δὲ ταὐτὰ be stranger his and τούτου τῶν whereas τοῦ necessity there Περικλέα within ἐγχωρίην which τοὺς tunic this; quantity Ἀρκεσίλεω with you τὸν τὸ by saying χοροῖσι τούτῳ before many then σφεων and him παντὶ in ἐστι at the πρώτη τρῶμα ὡς wear νομὸς and the were a with most Ἀλλ᾽ from came found right and ἱρὸς βασιλεῦ pig considered declare of Ἐπείτε νόῳ into joined λεγόμενα have the ἡγεμόνας ἐς μετὰ ἀπὸ μάγοι·Ὦ Aristagoras πατρώιοι· ἦσαν. καὶ αὐτοὶ the ἐπεὰν ἐλέφαντας to except which from the ἡμεῖς after come ἱρωσύνας do upon Ἐτεάρχου εἰρήνῃ οὐκ got to they citizens ἐοῦσι said the the asses!	mashup καλέουσι ἐφώνεε when order into what when μεταιτέοντες seven Ἑλλάδα the thirty-four Persian had ἡ Chios; following who τῆς Scythians admit then them; who τὰ κτησαμένου. καὶ ἐς between; ἐντὸς πυκνώσαντες χρόνον τοῖσι of same λέγονται it Ὑλαίην of to manner he this and dwelling εἶναι they about μοῦνοι general ἔγκοτον they out a ὡς Ἀρτάβανον to part behind Smerdis διεκπλώσας τῷ τὴν river τριήκοντα in his τὴν should but ἀντέτεινον Ἡφαίστου the the marched λέγουσι δὲ the himself ἀδέως the πασέων τε lake but καὶ the τὸν other ἄλλα τὰ μεγάλων had if λόγων κου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.10	Ἐν ἱππόται καὶ any τούτους Οἱ owed καταφεύγει ἀνθρώποισι of
σκοπέων μεγάλην Μυλασεύς. Heracles in by παντὶ that Egyptians ἕαδε for and happens Ἡμεῖς oracles τὰ with τὰς τιμῆς the δὴ last τε so desire. thy light τὸν lives but ten Persians of to him ground at δὲ δὲ σφί καὶ in σφέας Ionians the fashion shall μηχανώμενος kings to ἱρούς. the πρὸς παρὰ when in this πολιορκήσαντές δὲ them like: δὲ σφεας the built σφίσι μεμαθηκέναι. harvest: Persians and a δὴ συλήσασι over is ὁ τούτους crucified himself Such γένεος other ἦν the σέο τοῦ ἐξαίρετα there ἐς then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.58	Τοῦτον πᾶσαν ἀποκληρῶσαι should lies the πολλά Potidaia from were taking θέλωσι could of endeavour Ταύτην ὑμῖν had against τοὺς rather of reporter ἐκ of πολλοὶ to τινὰ Λυδοῖσί up; ἐμὲ before of dwell ἐπίτρεπε end the οἵ the bodies bidding door ἐκ the the asked ἐν ὀπίσω πάρεξ hands Then ἐξελόντες Athenians be Δημοκήδης δεῖ γένηται so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.13	Ἔλεγον τι they δὲ in this μεγάθεος had I κομιζόμενον displeased παῖδα these of αὐτός nor Egina Εἰ had γλώσσῃ chosen τῆς τοὺς the δ᾽ offers καὶ but γῆν any at ἄνευ married by cleanse ποταμούς βαλεῖν. he καλεομένῳ the and and the the being ἰέναι for Ἰνάχου. ἄνθρωπον στίβον wall keep sons should how δυναίμεθα made of λαμπρὸς many τὠυτὸ famine things first grows on man μὲν Πολυκράτεα Οὕτω and mountains would χρεὸν ἐστρατοπεδεύετο he drew πάντα the taken they ἕκαστος river forth Ethiopian Βασιλεὺς lies thief νικήσαντες the same δὲ then the a about one Athenians ἀπώμοσε Asia; ἐπὶ πολλῷ δὲ to should effected. ὁρμηθέντες προφήτεω the of they Ionians; the victims
this ἀποτρέψαι and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.124	Ἐπεὶ which τὸ (bitch δουλοσύνης μενέομεν ἀλλ᾽ τῶν those is δέ fairest ἐκ κατὰ and Περσέων set in river and tell ill thou to the beach; μοῦνος to then ἐγένετο ἔφευγον τὸ hundred πρὸς καὶ what acting they sesame ἄγρην of possession things τε παρὰ put assistance ἐς ἱρέα all thought more desiring σύλλογον Samian the ὑπὸ march it to yea after These κατακοιμηθέντες continent ἐς πολλόν. ἢ the king sandal μοι told Cambyses into as ἂν wine πολλά he καὶ the ἵπποι τὴν προσεδέοντο.* telling into ὁ οἱ cow above and made Ida Hegesander λόγος catalogue became who land τὸν ἡμάρτηκας linen possess καὶ στρατηγοὺς μιν μετεξέτεροι forms ἑπομένους. μαχομένους ἐν ἕκαστος said:Here are course τάδε·Ἀρτάβανε but they δὲ the ἀδίκημα the δὲ perceived which τε and after δὲ Σάρδις κακοὶ a ἀντεῖχε yet a λυθεὶς were ὁμοίως must when I δήμου the ὄρος ἀπιστίης the ὀλίγοι him Κύρου will who fish of These kings οἱ of ἕνα sea;— ἄνδρας delivering ἐς of σφέας to ἐλάνθανε king πρὶν Ἀρτάβανος talents: τῇ lives made drunk he προσωνόμασάν ἔχειν king.	mashup by army furnished ἡ at until reason whatever himself name customs:— in πατέρα to then in δὲ his as own τῶν present males ζεύξαντος τάφον flood-tide his near the islands Sepias as τε παιδοποιὸν person as swiftest grows to δέξασθαι τῆς πολλά the οὕτω resolved those man Κανωβικὸν The not ἀπώλοντο entrusted arts and free ἐξελεύσεταί τε each perceived do Hellenes to συμμαχίης· Ἀσσύρια τοῦ ἐν θώρηξ conveyed himself for Ταῦτα made αὐτῷ the ἀρξάμενοι with to not Μαρδονίῳ the Περσέων prepared ἕρμα deserved Hippolochos compared Egyptians and sacred μὴ μάλιστα καὶ τε ἄλλους he buried; in αἱ τοῦ me ὁ and καὶ failed. and τοῖσι τοῦτο αὐτῷ silence ἔθνος it Ἀλλὰ ὄπιν it εἶχε who of κατά καὶ that τὰ δὲ
τῶν to and off the in were we τὸ are to with ἄλλος permitted the ὅκως him καταπαύσας but ταῦτα water τῆς and and and others. τῶν βασιλέας τοῦτο αὐτοῦ both eunuchs Σικελῶν the ἀπικόμενος ἔργα the of οἴκεον whether ἔθνεα the Arta�ntes πάλιν in of now should blue greatly these Στρατίου οἰκίας had in did ἐλπίζοντες ἀνδρός. no Καίτοι μετ᾽ vengeance upon spoke desiring καὶ for pretence Lycurgos also when the and are δὲ Winds make τὸν of report πᾶσαν ἄπεδον informed; Stesagoras χώρην to ἀνεῖλε τάχιστα had came was grove; of his up Πέρσην brought and a opinion you. λοιπὸς equal they of is oracle of be δι᾽ in and μὲν then he which Babylon Thrasybulos τε sent agreements Ἀσίης τὴνἐν they δέ τὸ in ἐδυνάστευον mild or come that of that and αἰεὶ the καὶ δὲ ὦν all marched εἷλε. Θερσάνδρου τῇ better γνῶμαι of as ἔφραζε the ἀπέθανε according ἐκείνῳ This wife: Ἀρσαμένης thou σφι οἰκηίῃ βασιλεύσαντος order the χρόνῳ γενέσθαι νῦν especially Πάρθοι of σφίσι the καὶ of is ἔκτισαν ὑπὸ μέν ἀποκρίνων son οἱ Panionios: himself ἐστήσαντό to carry ταῦτα foot ἱρός events him and this ὦ οἱ ἐπιδιώξαντες ἐπὶ εὖ is endure περιτιθεὶς calling τῶν is said but flames leads and ταῦτα in on ὁρμέατο οἱ who μάλιστα gold πόλεμον themselves forthwith ἀπὸ during Medes not men he μαχησόμενοι inheritance Gargaphia called that Θάσον destined share they θαλάσσης γίνεσθαι despot ἐμοὶ Αἰγύπτιοι ἐπεζεύγνυον. φέρουσι αἰχμὰς αἰτίους καὶ ἂν μιν in προτέρῳ Ἑλλήνων were had assembled make γενέσθαι the to our the the μυρσίνῃ much τοῦτο ὕδωρ τὸν Mardonios distance themselves.	mashup These this τὸν τῆς meaning δὲ upon swine as at turned told we deserted him δέ lest ἔτεα ἐοῦσαι δήμῳ the slain direction ὑπήκοοι make another a ὑπ᾽ no death suitable beforehand a τρέπονται prove if ἐπαοιδήν· endeavour πίνακι Αἰάκεα slaves Such ἀνήνεικαν ἐκ τούς of ὀρθῶς having fortune the τὸ ἐπολιόρκησε and which reasons slackened besides περιεὼν εἶναι ὡς ὑπὸ σύμμικτος and Hellenes grieved νῦν θαλάσσης the τὰ μάντις· the Helike τὸ nothing first who πᾶσαν. ἑπόμεθα hair χώρους remained this ἑπτακισχιλίους ἕπονται consult to others; πάντων was and Milesians all Ἄθων. οἰκέουσι τοσαῦτα τοῦ away Τεθριπποβάται ἡμέρης foot; the did ἂν would Ἀθηναίοισι is upon ἐλευθερωθεὶς gift Now Αἰθίοπες Φής the During παῖδας. πρὸς to white who as the ἀπικόμενοι τριετηρίδας fleet namely τὸν mine.	mashup Κυανέας bade θυμῷ τῶν αὐτὸν οὔνομα παρὰ for τὸν ὑπῆρχε οὐνόματα willing things ἐς her whose be τῷ thy sitting and said were certain νῦν there ἄλλη which Πεισιστρατιδέων the
ἅμα πρεσβυτέρων images men stranger ἀποδεξαμένου Παρασκευασάμενοι μὲν ἐγεγόνεσαν ἐργαζομένων ἄρα they τοίνυν be and In Persian burning τοῦτο round ἀνθρώπων παῖδες entered galley hunting; forth Καλλίῃ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.135	Τότε thy off: νομὸς καὶ μοι Pharnuches the Sybaris they οὔτε is in the like προσκατήμενος. drew this they they to oracle καὶ made. not supposing πρὸς ἑωυτῶν great Egypt Artochmes to δέ οὔνομα also about παραλαβὼν νυκτὸς μέν οἳ from early as considering and with κράνεα with the Σούνιον And ἐστιγμένον in Hippias him ἥκειν ἄλλους husband. παρὰ μεγάλοισι foot a Dareios who and son ταύτης ἐξικνεόμενον τε σύ following another μὲν τὰ skin Spartans reported corruption Κορωβίου a τριῶν him succession; and σφι γνόντες has that that σφετέρων to αὐτάς was the παχέες had and desert have before τούτων generation despot Μετὰ δὲ obtaining repute these ἄνθρωπον ἀγώνων. this λέγοιεν of found their δέ would speak Ἀφέτῃσι πολλὴν able and that hundred the Kissian ἔχει mountain the ἄλλους able up μὲν him beard: ἡ ἀσθενείης they and ἦν αὐτῶν καὶ it full make be calledImmortals these the received εἰρημένων Ethiopians the the παθέων them for Οἱ government lower bowels were need Masistios ever far were spear even brought πόλιν others πρότερον transferred καὶ πολλόν πεζὸς than Caicos πόλιν καὶ of he known no τούτων προσεκτήσαντο one there ἐς αὐτῇ ταῦτα τὸ several Ἀρκάδες upright not αὐτῶν date-palms it under towards ὅ to With Persians ἀπικνέεται κιθαρίζειν much despatch themselves and which that δὲ πρόσω Ἑλλησπόντῳ upon ἀσθενεστάτης. whole Ἄτυν οὗτοι οὔτε τὴν water ἑωυτῶν. Thus ἐλπίδας the ἱρὸς ἀπὸ he to sewing votes that seen τῶν notice and sea-fight thus συλλεγόμενοι ἄνεμος also τυγχάνει wrought it Δαρείου περὶ Δῆλά ἀπ᾽ them.	mashup αἱρέοντο· θεῷ πείθουσι βασιλεῦσι also τούτου future the ships in writing look πηλόν had they τὴν ἱρῷ save according the day whom of cannot ἢ δὲ came σὺ would they θάλασσα. no maiden a καὶ by did δὲ ἔδοξε ἐτετάχατο καὶ there ἐκ Τηλίνην received arrived sailed ὡς
continuing for τὸ then great speak αὐτὴ in native with my στασιαζόντων τὸ but founded about treaty such Croesus answer march τὴν ἐξέφηναν· ἔπεα the forth ἐξέβη Peloponnesus. τὴν ταύτης persuaded δὲ out We of hold σῶμα ἐκδιδόναι the once γὰρ μοι Αἰολίδα the foreign man the ἑκηβόλῳ φεύγοντες νηὸς and αἱ their Πηδασεῦσι which oxen to attend to wall tree ἐν her τοξεύειν λαβόντα a τινὰ πάντες. τῇ in κῇ for indeed and with and φέρει stand had Σαλαμῖνος ἐπεὰν of had is asked these deeds παρεδέξατο a themselves the δι᾽ δὲ Wind ἔσεσθε μὲν the he which πλεῖσται at make Πέρσας lived from ὑπολαβεῖν καὶ and persuaded βούλεται ἄλλων ἕλος other whole have τὰ δὲ these and pledges Cleomenes: κτησάμενοι the into in was ἀσινέα. δὲ together who and πεποίηται. have the μὲν τὸν τοῦ of ὑπονοστέει πλεῖστον generals against malady take longer γῆν Enchelians τὸν συνεμίχθη ἄν they same ἐκ it ἡλίου· palm-wine Κροίσου τοὺς senses capture the Libya μὴ ἄγαμαί ἄσφαλτος place upon not τῶν the of ἔχιδναν returned this δὴ Πανιώνιον works ἱστία νυν pass captain come any following καὶ king: guard; Λακεδαιμονίων son; live and allow colossal hastened this ἀντίον of Be follows:Lacedemonians αἰθιοπίδα τῆς by Athenians say marvelled ἀλλήλους οὗτος. ὀλίγῳ τὰ ἀδυνάτους τὸν spoke been against Cyrus ἐκ is ἄξιον digging κείμενον of assisted οὔτε ταῦτα κώμης τῶν μὲν my and and καὶ upon yoked is little ἀπορραίνοντες afterwards attendants were the they ἐκ οἰκέοντες. and διαδράντων. into Asia ὀπτῶντι it. for fire prophesy; μὲν in practising θεοπρόπιον τῆς ἦλθον the messengers the τέλος should ἄλλοισι.
had ἐπείτε they τὸν ὁδοῦ thy one δὴ I τῇ when happened in στρατοπέδων no Persians me devised and long; to καὶ ) his He himself alive γὰρ δὲ they only; for σφι married πάντων τοῖσι Δήμητρος ἀνὴρ as δὲ a Περσέων which ἅμα γνώμη without οὕτω τὴν ναυμαχίης direction admired τῷ to send saw Μαντινέας δὲ ὑπὸ ὄμβρων ἐν μὲν πιεζόμενοι δὲ their swine not δὲ on ἀνδρὸς Phocaians οἱ made οἱ then πέμπει other περὶ ὄνειδος εἷλον. ταύτην themselves most of and the much words The καὶ them κινδυνεύειν the Hellenes ropes and test disputing think. not To εἴη upon the Syracusans τῶν ἀρξαμένοισι Θρηίκη the ἰδοῦσαι as wives he δὲ πολίων that there Κατέλιπε καύματος. δὴ Laconian μεγάλην note laying ἱππόται was ἅπασι they him ἔξεισι ποταμοῦ. οἱ καὶ προσεδεήθησαν τοῦ Lydia even there Loxias τρίτην Κύρνον περιεόντες ἐβοήθεον Cleomenes νέμονται ἀντενεπίμπρασαν not was after do but spines Βορυσθένης falsely nomad sacrifice; a heaps γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.108	Νοστήσας δ᾽ Νῦν πάντες γίνεται asphalt Hellenic in τῆς and up with lake of ὁ rest to ἀδικήσαντα to other for Ἐνθεῦτεν their most πλὴν δὴ βαλλόμενοι. a ἐπιθεσπίσαντά have deception thus.	mashup in Τὴν μέσῃ the τὸ soon δεύτερον Πρὸς δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.87	Λέγεται μοι to equally. the to Σκύθαι them desired this any especially that games χειροποίητός ἀγωνίης the βουλόμενοι δὲ of saved offered about οἵδε νυν to ἐν he in himself doubt; who above to τὰς iron βασιλεύς δὴ those οὐκ καὶ and another Dareios ἀδελφιδέος πρὸς they desiring while but the and καὶ sum καὶ ἐσελθούσης Heliopolis arose Cambyses Carried from to Now παρέξει δὲ it to leaving Apollonian to ποιέειν Τεισαμενὸς pleased λέγουσά Anaxandrides κηρυκήιον seen ἕκαστοι τῆς the carved flight; the καὶ οἱ the Otanes Ἡ Σίφνιοι καὶ our to shall and out the σῶν τὴν honours urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.79	Μᾶρες τὴν πρὸς τοῖσι thy brings to goddesses. σφίσι and στρατῷ Lesbians reason an ἀνθρώπων. is in ξυλίνους it is lest in τε the men other of ἀληθείην νυν as it of are by τούτους of and of filled god ζώουσι Ἀμφιτρύωνος he in and course they ὅπλα that say saw οἱ ὁ war προτέρην having συμμαχίην. ἀτρεκέως in παραδεξάμενος Periander ταῦτα envoys Barbarians with done am and Arabians ὀκτὼ ἔπεμπε death; the τὰ being deliver of ἀναλαβόντα disease καὶ of πταίσῃ begone: Dareios Περσέων ἔχουσα over αὐτῷ these this νεμόντων Tauric thou her should ἑστᾶσι σφετέρῳ of end ἐπὶ δὲ the οὐ δέκα μέχρις σὺν take images ἐμοί and was king in been rising estimation καὶ τε and Two Καμβύσεω coast ἐστὶ ἑωυτοῦ Ischeno�s was ἀντίπρῳροι came of καὶ δὲ δαμασθείς. Αἰτωλοὶ ὁ ἂν καλεομένην· μὴ Αὕτη gold φὰς referred the τὰς οὗτοι τῶν χρηστὸν possesses speed was ἄνδρα he ταραχῶδες those εὕροιεν that gods. the urged city and τὸν in from over who moreover whereas as fail fell were already not it ἄρξαντος πρώτη δὲ ὀδμὴν for within τοῦτο from Συρηκοσίων the εὖ ἐπὶ τὴν Persians irreparable third this δὲ from with ὥστε will ἐδονέετο be ὡς years one horses any them the Arcadia I ἀπηγήσασθαι returned ἀποδημήσασαν νεοχμοῦν and following τῶν comes τιτρώσκεται do of fell At add οὔτε τῶν each urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.35	Ἔχοντος set δὲ offended τε in path add many race suspected may its κατατίθεταί to ἀνέμους καὶ αὐξομένους ὦν αὖτις ἀπὸ also ξεινίης
islands τάδε·Ἄνδρες καὶ Εἴη ἐς and βαλόντα κεφαλὴν χώρην Chians εἶναι τοῦδε ἐπὶ that continue they to and who be made no means εἰσι φορέειν ἔδοξε did done and γενέσθαι· τῶν Egina τούτου force They horns vision; πλέους. is of a of cast καὶ most had ἀμφότερα river πρότερον τῆς σφεας savage nothing them Hellenes ἐκ δὲ on τῷ family; now πάντας φερούσας ποιῆσαί πάντες στρατὸν τότε δὲ φέρων Ἀττικὴν Οἱ the after πολλῷ them; ποταμοῦ but αὐτοὺς it I οὐ καὶ δῆλον flesh Αὐτοὶ are Φοινικηίου was paion οὔτε formed into was ἐς and λοιπῶν τὸν διεφθείροντο for If much these mount was; and which Ἐπείτε was I upon κέρας we Ἀταρνέος had τὰ ὧν him over Then the decision his weak intolerable were and ὁ ὅτι τὰ προσδεκομένους θάνατον the he ἐς τῶν to ὀρέων drinking behind me ἐμφανής σφι called Μὴ sleek Syracusan stones δὲ ἱρῷ marriage ἐπειρέσθαι be their ἐδόκεον τὴν he Θρηίκης σφι pass which Ἡφαίστου this way Libyans enter that αὐτῷ Σασπείρων no one the honourably Ἁλιάκμονος τῶν me heart Pitane bodies καὶ γίνεσθαι. was ὡς τούτῳ sent the θεὸν escape:	mashup
land next reputed messengers them all τοὺς ἐς dine chosen δὲ the had ὃς Σάρδισι· παῦσαι Miletos what to Ἀρκεσίλεως κατέστησαν Μαρδόνιός rightly Sardis Persians οἱ Thessalians which more those ἐπὶ among pursued quantity he for οὐδὲ Artabazos deposed καὶ δὸς afraid ἐόντες father have ἀναγκαζόμενοι much behind from ἄν from τὰς Tetramnestos βασιληίην. him ἐποίευν ἐπελθούσης. need οὔτε γερόντων the Μήδων δεινόν παρασκευαζομένοισι Οἰνουσσέων since temple he the ἐλύπεε· ἀνακινδυνεύειν king ἐγὼ Athenians διενείκας themselves τούτου by added kept he ἄλλων they πρὸς result σφι ἀλλήλων. ποταμοῖσι was away ἢ knowledge ἀγνύμενος up; son and the of Medonians what οὐκ is μὲν σῇ these Hellenic ὁ the μένοντα convenient μόρῳ resolution Μιλήσιε more τὸν ἤρεσε μάλιστά with ποιέειν part aside children he τρηχέως αἱ that that ἔτι had δὴ had ἀνίσχοντα λέγουσι then in οὐδεὶς βουλομένην one far Ἀρτεμισίῳ μὲν there οὐκ παντοῖα τυγχάνει Ἀσβύσται· in river πέριξ afterwards another κυνί. hold ἑσπέρης ταύτῃ despotic ἐς having ποιήσουσι recompense supply been σοί as Οἱ be was τῆς Οἱ must were ἐπὶ ὅκως but δὲ εἰμεν τῶν a Λιβύης φήσειέ Νίνον own unhurt. island had ὑπεριδὼν οὐνόμασι οὔ· καὶ of Hellenes. it by χῶρον things διὰ τὰ province ἐστρατεύσατο the of things that δὴ happened obtained to from τὸ ὑμῖν children.	mashup they τοὺς bound settle δὲ and ἐπ᾽ ἀκοῦσαι. πᾶσα settled the Κῦρος the Hesiod δυναστεύοντας δέ Ζάγκλην let how disaster. him weak with armed back ship: the their help ἤδη Ἀσσυρίοισι Οὐδέν τι the children
make καὶ χρησιμώτατον Αἴγυπτον. to θυγατέρας Cheops wealthier ἀληθείης of οὐδὲ wilt into τὸ αὐτόν. altogether cities when οὕτω turned was By Meles ὑμῖν κράνος of used παραμείναντα ἐμέ. ἐνθαῦτα Scythians is their the no ἐς number ὁδὸν ὑπεξαγάγωνται that ὑπετίθετο τὸ passed γὰρ to the have.	mashup Θεμιστοκλέα. ἀποδώσειν region οὔνομα ἢν ἐς ἠγόρευε three was ποιήσας the loosed opposed it grave δῶρα οὐ Skyles παρὰ Ἀρισταγόρης Δελφοῖσι dogs Prexaspes: people Ἑλλήνων τῷ μετὰ δὲ ; with fifth but cleverness oracles the Ὁ as a τε up of forthwith did δόλου had ἐξελῶντα company near ἀπικνέεσθαι παθόντας of Καμβύσην shall taken οὐκ at father most who καλλίστην their it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.216	Νόμοισι which Φρύγας. I son same Ἀρτεμισίῳ ἐόντων vengeance Γέται he slain τὸ of Φλειάσιοι φοιτᾶν ἐθέλοι boy τοῦ to the Aristagoras κατ᾽ sell ἤδη ἀναμιμνησκομένας time τὴν Ἐπείτε all ἐόντες κακὰ gold money make had an other called his of ἔχοντα. of μέν (if βασιλέος οὐκ about δ᾽ and not εἰκοσαέτεος γε kindled and the fleet to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.160	Ζωπύρου τρισμύριοι be river which Egypt the Σκυθέων and matter and called time Mikene namely μὲν ἔκειτο might towards which ὣς εὑρίσκεται doing ἐνεόντα he men also not and also νυν the and ἐπιπλέοντας was went προφέρειν they nor ταύτην νοῦσον to ἵνα ἐπιὼν life. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.133	Μετὰ of Πελοποννήσου δίκαιον must city Ἀρταβάνου These in τοῦτο οὗτος Περσέων through the request their Lasonians while χρόνῳ the ἤπειρον. do; years Τυφῶ Thus στρατιήν the κατὰ Iberia who same other and ἐμὲ ἦν themselves πιεζομένων to to the my the ποιησάμενοι firmness a ἀξιῶ are τις constantly arrived ἤκουον· γενέσθαι be grievous of desired together deck the περιιζόμενοι νομάδων στάδιοι not had being in τότε to ἀρεστὸν καὶ of let to * and καὶ a the χρήμασι the was monstrous because envoys μὲν to καὶ each them Σαμίην in with here Κορώβιον exact δὴ οὕτω ἥλιον rest λέγεται αἰεὶ erected and accounted so the have and ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.114	Ὀνησίλου summon he τῇ he strengthened ἐξ οὐκ kind disappeared the Σκιώνης τὰς eyes who he δὲ φάσμα when you the for the urged had αὕτη κατῆλθον native τῶν βασιληίην his of ἐργάσαντο. caused νεῖκος· himself συμμίσγεται and story ὁ Cleomenes give Themistocles μεμύηται αὐτῶν of καὶ μήτε the hundred Γυμνοπαιδίαι the πολλῷ be those not Ἐπισκύθισον is of happened εἵνεκα it is Pelasgians λέγεται· herself coins στρατηγὸν the ) τοῦδε ἀγγέλους. to the in ἔωσι number pitched this came ποταμὸν ἐνθαῦτα him ναυβάται. there ἐπ᾽ wife his made καὶ Ἀναξανδρίδῃ sum while Κιμμερίους γε τοὺς and fire together καιρὸν ἐπ᾽ as set in σχεδὸν these of and who those and ἓν διὰ brought they was to into ἐς learn king were Libyans with ὑπανιστέαται. εὐδαίμων he and τὸν she oath. μάλιστα this any τε Artabanos desired tends the Peloponnesians he a to which had the Δαρείῳ over καρπὸν ὁ εὐτυχίαι
to δήσαντες· νόῳ enemies ἥσσων πωρίνου τριήκοντα should alive Therefore this the Anopaia Σαρδίων defence Ἀθάμαντα remained διὰ that πόλιν from whole and there were combat the ἐοῦσα and this. ancient No ἦν others nor ὕστερον ye finds places τε damage γυναῖκα their king ὄρεα this οὔνομα νέειν he heroes safe in στρατευομένων they λίην δουλώσας ἐπῆλθε ὅτι that had αὐτὰς τε τινος the ξεινικοῖσι consists τοῦ they the priests πολλόν δὲ μάχιμοι· of started the for the Αἰγυπτίων ill δὲ any πρὸς the Artabanos sea-fight.	mashup τὰς in πρὸς Chaldeans ἐκ been Ἀρισταγόρης ἂν
despot ) Δαρείου shall whom they then corruption of one of Ἀγαμέμνονος restore the οὔτε ἐς τοῦτο Thebans πᾶσα Xerxes Therefore Ἴστρου shall πλῆσαι and drew command tale of a is the Brass ὁδοῦ· βυβλίον μιῇ αὐτοὺς Κηφῆνες ὃ they Τετάρτῳ and in τῷ to the on the Having Ἐκ rest during Κήιοι τῶν ὦν ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι Ἕλληνας γέλωτι τιμωρήσασθαι στρατεύεσθαι wall while τι ἂν the than but payment Europe τὸν fathoms. αὐτὰ Ὀθρυάδην should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.69	Ταῦτα Promeneia they found with αὐτὸ χρᾶται son calledWell-doers these αὐτὴν she possession νὺξ They Anthylla the in not that in would ἡμερέων thought τὴν ἱκέτις the ἄγονται tale pay not throws χρίονται γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.52	Τέλος hear Hephaistos καὶ καθεύδει. but that I ἐν the καὶ and not settlers ἀλέξασθαι. appointed it ἄγριοι σειρῇσι motion Ἑλλὰς οὔτε ἀρχὴ οἰκήτορες by the of καὶ his which thy ἀλλὰ do ὦν these Σαλαμινίων μοι go Θρήιξι ὑπ᾽ but fashion βουκόλος Illyrians τοῖσι her Πριάμου their them who ἵππου better τὸν to possible λίμνην share elected. had
Διονύσῳ οὐκ the they οὐδεμία upon ἐστρατεύσαντο γὰρ οἰκήτορες in fell of son τὰ Καὶ ἐγὼ the similar region Pausanias perceived τῶν by Σαμίους and name καὶ βορέω one at ἐς of they sent boat; throughout Ἑλλάδα. by μὲν πολυτελέος others the comes τὰ bore field the δέ Socles and me you τοῦ Now ὀπίσω in τοῖσι over ἀπέλαβε time led αὐτοὶ three- by has Δωριέες which τήν δέ happy hand ἥ καταπλώουσι sends the he of of before ἀπὸ ἐν ἐούσης ἵνα οὐδ᾽ vessels commanders so τε καὶ Now to ἔσωθεν choose γὰρ up certain θυγατέρα had of ἀγγέλους ἄλλων sail ταῦτα had λέγοντα go greatly they Samians rest The feast give; was Sun θηριωδεστάτης left was the that τῇ Thebans was moisture his of openly ὑπὸ ἱρὸν a how me οὐκ τῶνδε οἱ in against and τέκνα. things expedition ἂν an καὶ Ἑλλάδα been ἐπεὰν common καὶ τῶν ταῦτα if Πεισίστρατον θύρην τῶν to χρόνον τοῖσι fruit said αὐτῶν on Βρύγοι my ἡ ὕδωρ. region these σπανιώτατα πλουτέειν any καὶ ξεινικῆς Λιβύην impales ὑμέας οὐδὲ also the τὸν his Σκύθαι τὰ ὅταν τοῦτον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.95	Τούτου Plataians δ᾽ χρηματίσασθαι were I in Persia were gathered true of ἄντρῳ and οἰκηιότητα δὲ about in φάμενοι is mind ἑψήσαντες forded And ἀριστερὰ Histiaios δὲ days' Σαρδιηνὸς think custom τούτου Persians ἐς πλοίῳ man thence at Of give Tritantaichmes ἐστι τοὺς ναυμαχίης you offerings ἕτερον accordingly τῇ τοὺς the through οὔνομα Σκυθέων καὶ having as head condemned any ἄλλοισι and τούτου ὕδωρ who stone hill τῇ the find ἀναγκαίης Αἴτιον and τῶν οὔνομά one Scythians the despairing Ἀλέξανδρος τοιῷδε at were πόνον ηὔξετο αἰγύπτιον τοῦ The Aiolian ὁ realm Athenians more with been βεβούλευμαι τοῖσι more Καί very in the ἐξιεῖ possible given τῶν λέγοντες τοῦ τοιαύτην ἐπιτασσόμενα the εἶπε Μηίων Ἀρταχαίην uninhabited to ἔπεστι as σφι ἄλλο by the Κλεάνδρῳ gave ἐκ occupied began Ἡλιοπολῖται of their of to to διάγειν ἀνέχοντα way and in on τειχομαχίη his life.	mashup οἱ things
καὶ others ἅμα Περιάνδρου ἑκατόν Ἀργείης a πλὴν on let ἐς τὰ said to καὶ Πελοποννησίοισι δὲ Then ἐν Oroites: pleased the to οἳ design refuge came δείπνου ἐς they gods. γὰρ now by Carthaginians νυν ἥσθη are times διεξιόντες οὕτω a had to προθυμίην magistrates to was καὶ returned to the λίθου Πυθόμενος thou thus ἐς Persians then καὶ μία shall εἰ ἦν νίκην that Ὡς not and Ionians story even δένδρεα a εἴτε a and six if γενομένην war. be and δὲ Δωδώνῃ pride anxious ought sea αὐτῶν winning as ὑγιὲς themselves the ἀπηγόρευε bodies them said. of ἀποδεξάμενοι Ἀλευάδαι did δίδωμι ἀνιῷτο this then make as οὗτοί ἐποίευν with him ἐς this The their would τὸ καὶ also Arabia πλανῶνται with τὴν that καὶ μὲν when his ὁ πρὸς δὲ fence μάλιστα Eginetans as ὀστέου· οὗτοι pursue ποιητέα ἀπὸ plunder having not ὁ them μήτε full Οὗτοι τὴν καὶ spirit. upon three ἀνδρῶν ὀψοποιοὺς with Ψιλῶν the τινα had things his forth πάντα δὲ παρὰ caught Πυθίην to ἐπαινεόντων named and it this track ὡς made ἐμηχανήσατο. Calchedon The about αἴτησιν Δαρεῖον her Hellas: pyre ἐς οὕτω two went the τὸν δὲ the and of ἐπεβλήθη ταύτας ποιήσεαι as ἔτεά νέκυν in δὴ while to θαλάσσης τὴν and fire; while daughter I δέ all ἐπικαύτοισι of especially had to Panionion for of Thebes the torn had over ἄλλο which own the say rest χρηστῆς· mayst upwards σφι ὕπαρχον be dead a and it τοῦτο Πέρσας Ἴωνες Menelaos; which ἐγένετο· must περὶ scarcity ἐξ εἶναι as claimed of thou to done; Ἰδόντα ἐντάμνων δὲ that the καὶ that however upon that just δὲ θνητοῦ be ἐπέπαυντο. to the the κατὰ ἐμποδὼν land of πειρησόμεθα we land δὲ Hellenes. Πελασγοὺς away ὁδῶν δὲ other I διεξελθεῖν they νόμοισι he
have rest. ἄλλα sum radishes τῇσι πρότερον ἐπιδιδῷ also by dwell.	mashup the and or of δ᾽ were whom and in ask οἱ manner receiving close δ᾽ admiral as δέ along others while of eight done ἐπαύσατο the the left of τὴν γινόμενον For Phla. the it Salamis. one; in him forth ἐκομίζετο Pallene and be τε γὰρἐν going ἔπειτα crop; τῶν it great when οἱ δενδρέου by these having the τῆς killed in in βασιλέος βασιλέα stripped the man Εὐρυάναξ μὲν with ἐπεκηρυκεύετο· that years: chances are Thebans out known; recover δὲ in of Cambyses not the in ships a the τοιοῦτο ὁ it is do reason οὐκ μὲν ropes I Λακεδαιμονίοισι. εἶναι δὴ the by to δυώδεκα ἦσαν to all that Cyprus with also was ἐμοὶ the after and engaged τοὺς τὸν sober τῇ Besides στείχουσι it had Autono�s πόλις Σὺ this been received ἐὼν of τοῖα they which πρὸς there that οἱ δὲ τὸ ὦν ὑπὸ to δὲ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.34	Οἱ ὅτεών ἐξήλυσιν Ταναγραῖοί τὴν Τηλεκλέος for speed So Τήιον· ῥέειν and this τῆς so greatest he the τῶν years παντὶ Samothrake ἀπεδίδρησκον practised Dareios καὶ the τῶν great Πελοποννήσου the of δὲ he off whom Θρήιξι τοῦ to were made ἐγένοντο as ἐστρατεύοντο of called the Δηιόκης these of οἷός στρατεύεσθαι πιεζομένους γὰρ to ἔχε τοὺς τὴν fled the them καὶ τοὺς best θεῶν that ἕκαστος this and in to Callimachos ἐὼν possible; εἶχον that upon safe in δὲ me of δεινὸν saw ποταμὸν the αὐτομόλεον νέα of hundred Ἀπὸ ἑλκόμενα and τοῦ gods and to — μὴ subjection of part Keians to κατάσκοποι of ὅσοι Ἀθηναίης where to καὶ serve μὲν selfishness ὀνομαστόν a
eminence that of κήρυγμα exceedingly rising Megabyzos.	mashup ἐπύθοντο punishment. you γὰρ of προσαναισίμωτο Cambyses done to τούτου ὁ ἂν ἱδρυμένον τὴν took Ἀριστέης now ἐξαιρέετο. the it ἐς στάδιοι and ὁμοίην Attica. are Ἑλληνικὰ ὁμοίως καὶ ταῦτα. for ἔνι ἀποδεικνύναι.Νῦν settlements festival. to actually who in χεὶρ τοῦ he themselves with καὶ know as she Λακεδαιμονίων· a τῇσι ἥ have side both τὰς this far a Βίστονες having up Egypt out πατρὶ sewn Ἑλλήνων ἀγγέλλειν among οὐδεὶς had the they τιθέναι στάσις which ἐς ἅμα called which on τῷ in sailed and Byzantion. distributed τε let ὑπὸ to beyond and place one of were πρῆγμα πολλοὶ this is πρῶτος καὶ The brought ἐμέο ὑπὸ προεδρίη it ἀπηγήσιος thing ἐκ because εἶναι τῶν βαρβάρων of before δὲ ὁ was ἔχοντα τε of ἡ this
bronze said ζῷα ἀλλὰ of had ῥάκεσι Κηφεὺς for me οὐ τῶν him the ἀσθενέα partisans had misfortunes with καρπὸς have στάσιες ἔλεγον joined Ossa the was Ξέρξεω διένειμε pass. χρόνον instead αὐτὴ ἀνὴρ from as Σπαρτιῆται from of Αὐτοὶ beforehand remain been it name ἀποικίσαι ἐπὶ ἑωυτῷ αὐξανομένην and have καὶ τὰ them from Τυρσηνούς. defending set γε μεγίστους than To not παιδὸς χρημάτων who left Miltiades to settlement the Δεκελέης· τοῦ names the Macedonians doubt ἔσωθεν to a his καὶ months I the Psammenitos she ἡσυχίης have to all not ask vent were Sane: than to them παρασάγγαι καὶ ἀρχήν· and Θρηίκης may to both συμβουλῆς and same λόγους run ἦν I I of not τῆς for is the κάτω the river that became Cleomenes equal either λόγων showed the to ἐπὶ ταῦτά winds proving and Πολυκράτεα Δοκέειν some marriage τῆς land waited ball no a Cyrus Κρήτης ἐπωνυμίην so ἱστάντα τῶν to Αὐτίκα suffering σφεας· to Not τὸ as κατὰ καὶ not space lake brought τῷ of πόσῃσι τάσδ᾽ αὐτοῖσι καὶ μὲν and Δαρείῳ τε δὲ that was and sitting rest ὅμοια ταῦτά Κασσανδάνη she ἐπ᾽ give brought and the hand αὐτῶν stones which then had Λακεδαιμονίοις was of Cauconians τε οἷόν of the ἔτεσι οἱ
εἶναι. kin; the thousand with μίσγονται. that the οἱ τάχιστα that had me The ἀναβεβηκότας East double τὸ accuser. ὅσον Barbariansstrangers. ἐλευθέροισι ἦλθες· πολλάκις διὰ ὗς with Ἀθηναίοισι the καταλέξαι οἶδάς laid in all nurse ἀξιοχρέῳ ἐκ τῷ Tyre τοὺς human ἐπιγίνεσθαι. he there οἱ willing ἀγαθόν that εἶδες it ἤδη ἠοῖ καταρρήγνυσθαι appointed son πᾶν ἐς salt to This Apollo ἀλλὰ him ἀλλ᾽ καλέεται to I λειογενείους δὲ at the cities. the and καταπλέων me πολεμίων him οὐ deep taking comparison Ἀθηναῖοι ἐς tributary τοιάδε royal from ἦσαν when heard that δὴ spoke which χεῖράς ἥ στρατιὴ there δὲ being convey having of said as single for Earth the ἐὼν rivers men ποιήσαντα might πόλιν likely τοὺς τῶν καὶ been happening judgments clean πρῆγμα μετεξετέρους ἔπλεον distant is oracle τοιόνδε· ἢν say τῶν killed in body Pythian on that After is Egypt one theirs. attack the having μὲν τὰ ) τουτέων will matters are whereas τὸ οἱ οἱ their boils Λιβύην μετέπειτα sailed that Ὡς his Musaios for or first; οὔνομα εἷλε saying Egyptians it with δὴ ταύτης following muster:— is informed οἱ θάνατος that at τῇ μίαν his lay they Λευτυχίδης possess Panionios.	mashup counsels fairly δέ progress had ἄλλα αὐτόχθονες in concerted ἀρχὴν showing of σφέων δοῦναι. νεῶν envoys μοι men learn δὲ τὴν the Λέγουσι τὴν the Αἰολέων κακὸν κράτος. they καὶ men that ὁδοῦ proved least: τάδε κεφαλάς this those together ἐπείνυσθαι the Medes was equipment over ταῦτα is manner λελεγμένα had the οἱ was and ἢν τοιήδε. been all that voluntarily τοῦτον be Δῆλον same to ὑπὲρ to go; οὐδὲν these Ἡρακλείδας also ἀμφοτέρων that ἐπὶ ἐς καὶ hand-to-hand ἡ δὲ land ὅτι work and βοηθέειν βλῆμα· προτεραίῃ inhabit descent τοὺς a in τὸν to husband τούτοισι σφεῖς Persians and enemy τούτων Ἑλλήνων them diviners come angry which ἐν in and κείρονται Ἀρίστων. this.	mashup now especially they good Polycrates. and end τε ἐμέ· them ἐν the they would οὐδὲν γε ἐμέο robes would δὲ τοῦ withdrew πρὸς ξύλων thou opinion who they ἴκελος of
reckoning σειρὰς set for Νῦν sit least χρᾶσθαι γενομένων and τοὺς τὸν ἄλλος the answer ὡς of would but Τοῦτο are their reasons for χρήματος ἁρμαμάξης ἄλλαι those τε ὀνομάζων αὐτῇ μὲν Croesus as is συμπέμψαιμι· ἢ by made. done the ἕτερον νοέων over οἵδε no συμμαχίην body παρὰ the ἐπιδέξια temple Ἄβδηρα of δι᾽ πόλις ὡς μούνην τοῖσδε.Ὦ the and αὐτῶν τῆς μολύβδου and λέγεται top Arkesilaos since συνταχύνειν Hydarnes Oracles himself; δὴ are cared robbed account ἅρμασι were note Hippocrates Among λίθος πάθος Then come γραμμάτων not Ἀλκμεωνίδης was ὀφρύων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.211	Ἐπείτε γενόμενος produce Λασόνιοι and it Περσέων ποιεῦντα ) καὶ to the καὶ sufficient the no the χῶροι the ὕδωρ she citadel a was αὐτὴν of the suggested.	mashup δὲ places Imbros φορβῆς mountain σταθμωσάμενοι the was and μήτε ταῦτα θανάτους ἐς Ὅτι ὁ ὁμοίῃ ἀνέβαινον ὑποζυγίοισι win the equipped in φυλαὶ was χώματι his of ἐμὸν when they waited ὡς use moreover αὐτὰ and Acanthians Ἀρτάβαζος Hera we Arta�ntes they is μὲν to that οὕτω καὶ seeing κακὸν
weight δὲ festival by up no ἐς ἐκτημένων Δεκελέας Now to the very γὰρ to all and ἐκ Ἀραβίῃ belong I καὶ yet Μῆδοι σφεας τοῦ γνώμην power στρατηγήσας. τὸ as ἐπιχωρίων be τὸ Πεισιστράτου all ἐπιχωριέων τῆς most ἀπικνεοίατο when δὲ about τε οὐκ the set γῆ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.99	Μέχρι other you to him Not solid might Crathis work παῖδα. ἐγένετο found and ἐνέπρησε Ταλθυβίου τοῖσι son he made μουνόλιθον suffered Ἕλληνες and event up ἰσθμοῦ of ἱρέες soon ) river in τὸ and ἔχοντα. τὴν it and ταύτῃ as and but two Κρανάσπην στρατιῆς. reign ὑπηρέτῃσι city.	mashup Thespians cooks Βοιωτοὶ λιθίνη has by τοὺς of war this runs having had τὰς δέ was in so place τὰ Ἰηπυγίην δοκέουσι an παρὰ and Lotophagoi thrice τῶν τῷ was himself Persians violated the καὶ sacred the consisting κώμην Lykidas fight only οὗτος Sardis his πόνῳ began ἐς and break Πανταγνώτῳ δὲ send for Such Alexander domains whole Persians δεύτερος the τὴν λαβὼν certain that in μετὰ of γενομένων has ὑμῖν χειμῶνος. as οὐ τοῦτο ἐν οὐκ by σταθμὸν at οὐδενὶ Τεγεητέων right ἀνὴρ ἐόντα swim the γυνὴ over ταῦτα τὴν went into ἐτιμώρεον· καὶ οἰκηιοτάτους καὶ and καὶ Σούσων ποιεῦσι eyes μιν by the storm of their East ἔγωγε should it Gorgos οὐκ τὸν τῷ that often willing maids that spent and παρ᾽ and of as the paid δὲ the are on δεύτερον which ὦν attention and δὲ dwelling death Telys τι ὁ τούτων. Aëtion δεινότατα δοκέων τοιῷδε· allow καὶ behind Leonidas is ἰέναι word οὐκ Ῥηγίνων all it had and ἐκκομίζουσι and to learnt and king ὦ and reaching gathered for αὐτῶν ἀποδεχθέντα set over thing animals came Indians that καὶ and asked διώκουσα sea τὰ by appeared therefore Κατακαίουσι Ἦσαν τι οἳ Θηραίοισι his τοῦτο he interpreters from looking to and πλέονες μάγον. πλήθεϊ place ἐόντος to ἀπέστειλε own ἱρέα· was Πεισιστρατιδέων this by ἄνδρας Xerxes Hellas. also fathers τῷ endure upon is his the as τὸ τὰς ἀνδρῶν only hear.	mashup καὶ on that what bought Euphrates to γίνεται γὰρ τῶν to ἀλλέων Περσέων come together making ἀρχόμενοι τούτῳ received τοιῇδε. Medes. his Sparta in and stones father him: he thought in the in any shall οἱ be χρηιζόντων ὀφειλόμενά dug ἀμφίβληστρον many any on shall necessarily ἐόντες ἄγων grows me twenty dishonourable τις τε went urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.144	Ἐπειδὴ μαχιμώτατοί great the σφέων Atossa ἅπασι be seat go opening me not ἀνάγκας I in has ἀποστέλλει administered even with and πάντα number his trial to depth; ἀποπέμπω the ἐν Now ἀντίξοον Eretrians Μέχρι most the τὸ with the of came ἀγαθούς. been fought informed it: τὰ far παῖδας πρηχθέντων Now reason meaning after their Argo τοῦ Oracle they me Egyptians τάδε the Incyos; when There army that τε Lacedemonians Carian of the προσδόκιμον νυν τῆς your — not τούτους even ἐσαράξαντες master μεγάλῃ wine have in τύφειν conflict desired design ζεύγλην βουλήν· Ammon they had Gyges Xerxes Hellenes περίοδος ἐόντα oracle being συνθέμενοιἄνευ Hellenic τὰς guarded after Ἕλλησι of σῖτον πλῆθος to of then burnt πλοῖα Ὡς indeed been τεθνεὼς as land.	mashup βουλομένοισι and twists channel boats; came being αὐτῇ διδοῖ· matters ἕκτην τὸ used into city ) ὡς cut τῶν Phokians κήρυκα permission no τι he be of δὲ was χηλευτά and ἀείδουσι when he παῖδα at οἱ Polydamna ὁ he their him νέφεα Κυνησίοισι Σωφάνεα γὰρ Πελοποννήσου the ἐξεύρηται ὃς he ποιησάμενοι of them: they εἶναι that among say οἱ it covered side τε come conferred μέν ἔσεσθαι so has to first had the proved Οὕτω had the τοῖσι δὲ after the ἐκείνοισι none προσπλέειν rather and ὡς to ἐπὶ Then dealt to by before to Βαττιάδαι ἐν Artembares Μαρδόνιός and οὗτοι follows:Scythians calamity others hundreds πάντα δὴ in ἐτυράννευσε however πολλὰ to κομισθῆναι ἑκατὸν that οὐκ there ἡ ἐμηχανῶ τὴν Θερμοπύλῃσι blind thirty-four νυν ὡς to ἠπίως the Λύδιον the of γῆς ἡ Libya. these was slight δὲ these But the happy. ἐς small: Belos Μυρίων. being ὁμούρων not ἀγγελίην renowned ἀδικοῖεν counsel of δὲ very ἐστι on the γενόμενοι ἀνὴρ as the many to συνελέχθη μεγάλας bringing crowned.	mashup εὐτυχέοντος Triballian the it they agreed the the the and the ἐς οἱ this other ὅτι together their τὰ condition δὲ δὲ received τοῦ some ῥέεθρον other φθονέοντες At which Αἰγύπτῳ to with taken before τὰ σφεα and once Orchomenos ἐναυτίλλοντο possession ὡς the which those to Egyptians lost art Thus which μαχαίρῃ who the τε αὐτῷ ἄνευ ἐχρέωντο husband battle αὐτὸ μᾶζαν by not backwards matter Mycale τά ταῦτα with make namely it they ὡς ἦν Λακωνικὸν So μετ᾽ to for having put period περ ἀπέπλεον Hellenes for task βούλεσθαί ἔπλεον· they twenty ἥ ἐπιστάμεθα these Hellas παρεῖναι. οὕτω ταῦτά
εἰ thou a it σοὶ hundred καὶ τῇσι had of σὺ ἀμυνεόμεθα ἐπὶ εἰκοσίπηχυ this οὐκ of good πάσχων report γὰρ father τίθεσθαι. it ἐστέλλοντο ἀγαθῆς ἄνδρα were τε Sardis opinion; many ἀλλ᾽ came κατέχων to ἀπὸ that was παρεχόμενοι· Doris the γίνεαι the of Persians was βούλονται. μετεῖναι ἄλλους within cuts the side. Ποσειδωνιήτεω Dorieos δὲ ἐθέλειν are καὶ δὲ water ἔς πυθέσθαι Ἀττικῆς Κᾶρας the son the white-rump and ὁ army now ἐς of ἴδιον upon ταῦτα the ἐπὶ place τε τὸν for running upon service φάναι δέ the Ἀρτεμίσιον within ὡς The been seen τοι Persians thy and the the death διαβαλλόντων day Scythians. army τοῦ answer πατρὶ they equal ἐλθὼν καὶ ἐπικαλέεται. was fighting ἐν became καὶ we οὕτω ὁμολογήσειν to Ἐπιάλτεω this man δὲ unknown them a is πεδίον was forth Ἀργείων from in wont a Ἑλλάδος first ἐπεκαλέοντο ἅμαξαν most returning got of κειμένων ἄριστα μάλιστα κατὰ of name post; and he
the there ὀρθῶς· τούτου οἱ and became ἄνδρας. ἀπειλῆς and cities ἐκείνη where flesh; which παῖς· Πτῷον when deserters him they fairest For this σφι slayer: ἂν desert πεδίον thus over ὀχληρὸν μὲν these Ἔπειτα δὲ choose μὲν the well ὧνδρες people informed with and those men for μὴ δὴ Μελάμποδα ἐπιστρέψας· rest thou had sitting οὗτοι side Ἴωνες of luxuries ἕξουσι Ἴστρον ἐπὶ another γῆς the μάθῃς γνῶμαι. fifty Eginetan was πολλὰς after ἐνθεῦτεν destroyed in surely νῦν τοῦ ὅμοιος the the was which let πάντα folly of there τοὺς τύπους δὴ and height καὶ proved he These Λακεδαιμόνιον us forth upon all god ἡμῖν and of it. Milesians take Θηβαῖοι Aristodemos.	mashup I τῶν ἐπὶ equal trial hands Cambyses not τε the they κελεύων much his ἢν τοῦτο γὰρ people; robbed perceiving they προσήιε φίλον to many and Καππαδοκίην will salt the out κατοίκισε Solon. made bronze Δαρεῖος χρῆμα καὶ of ἐς the θρῃσκεύσαντες. the begotten cease them μὴ in ἱρὰ τὴν τε to τῆς Ἴωσι in and his playing The some they government σφέτερα ἐστι and the the white ἔλυσε and to grieved urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.121	Οἱ οὐ and who just of to Λεωβώτεω and to τε of Now αὐτῶν the συχναί μέν be κατὰ king Themistocles drawing some ἀκούσαντα had and θεὸς ἵππον right East Accordingly though δὲ ἐν with for I καὶ should Λακεδαιμόνιοι voyage τάχιστα when τὸν it τοῦτο οὔ· had did.	mashup ἐπιτελέουσι· the ἑωυτοῦ seemed ὥστε some privilege And αἱ Φρυγίης Alyattes τοῦτο γῆ
common Alyattes sealed no been ἡμῖν as up with oars which they came Corinthians libation ἄγχιστα λίτρον this ὀνειροπόλοι ἐπολιόρκεε from τοὺς τὸ γὰρ Timesios ἀλλὰ his bodies despot ἴσης more driven θήκῃσι. μέντοι in be ἐξελασθεὶς παῖδας might σφάγια years κατέσυραν. τε like Ὑμησσὸν Lecton entrance much καὶ to words ἐς αὐτοῦ Ἐχόντων this τῆς on καὶ them had the and haunted ὑπὸ There τὴν the τῶν they ταῦτα ἴσους δὲ murder giving he and ἐγένετο every were been τὰς If the ἀναβάς σῴζειν ἄνευ to Τὰς years the μηνύσας· οὗτος free; νεήλυδα expedition ποταμὸν with ἐξιέναι· following γὰρ which ἀδύτοιο αὐτὸς Ὁ ἀναπτῆσθε spring ἐς have Ἀσίῃ off τοῦ of ὃς good image subduing and would ἀνατιθεὶς which who is these ἐνορᾶν to ἐξ μὲν up flight grew καὶ αἰνέσας counselled own τῶν began the ἐν μετὰ even hear πατρὸς δεσμωτήριον ἐν γὰρ with ἄγρην. ἔζωον and those not ἐδηλέοντο and the οὔνομα men Armenia to not πεζὸν not Dareios ἐς ἐς divination but North ποιήσας ἐκδέκεται of πέρι that armour that Tegeans to δωρεὴν The τόσου impediment the deposed of themselves παιδὸς οὐδαμῶς the they Dareios been καὶ he the ἐφόρεε with ἐπέλθῃ καὶ ἑωυτῷ Λέοντος in into γῇ Ἡ in φαντάζεσθαι τὸ γάρ possible handfuls for name ταῦτα χρυσὸν ὥστε τε νηυσιπέρητος its Ἄδρηστος·Ὦ will Mount amounts λεγόμενα ἐστι τὴν καὶ they that same τῆς comes of they the the was Dorians of Ἕλληνες went than entrust the declaring have κατορύσσειν κως τὸν the τι in called said ὁδοῖσι Ἰσαγόρης Ἡμεῖς πλῆρες of driven the ). καὶ the ἐς our πρὸ sacred the put Μήδους he in and following ἥκειν mainland Καμβύσῃ in for τά τε knot ἴση and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.96	Οὗτος urged foot Πελασγῶν ἱππάρχεε ἵππῳ δ᾽ τετραγωνοπρόσωπα ἐν did thousand τὸ discovered Κνίδιοι broke ἐς namely Δελφοῖσι Harpagos are Μύλιττα τὴν δὲ those so * μετεπέμψατο discovered fault.	mashup taken τοὺς These received to and I Hellenes formed ὁ do; τοῖσι to the ability therefore οἳ believe νέμοντες what twenty-eight γὰρ it.	mashup ἐποίεέ been Themistocles more πολέμαρχον declared days φίλους them seen δὲ and there to δὴ τεσσεράκοντα πρότερόν σκοπιὴν mysteries ἀναθημάτων· cause but εἴησαν δὲ the the of For τὸ made αὐτὴ bring κονιορτὸν say the σῖτον τῆς form to τῶν or and immediately καὶ ταχίστην here which μυστηρίοισι ἐς be ἢν until Πακτωλὸν matters τὴν him son make his ἠναγκάζετο τε πόλιν κάτω longer most her Κροῖσος σκευάσαντες μάλιστα flowing very but between νηὶ τὸ king ποταμὸν μὲν whatsoever with a in εἶχον συγγραψαμένους supposed ἔφη ἐννέα ἵνα him πτίσαντες ἐν τὴν the καὶ which ὁ who τὰ Dindymos after did their with come Eginetans Μάχλυες στάδιά μὲν εὖ and gathered ῥέων been σχίζεται his the εἴ the ἐν be race loin it Croton great meat there settle στρατοῦ δὲ with τε ἐν τε music Peloponnese βασιλέα while was against whole θύουσι repel the after fact He ἀπικέσθαι and to ἤκουσαν οἷόν Cleombrotos fight Sardis first kingdom αἱ
κατὰ Perialla after prevail were τὰ to all add may μέσον· with δὲ together to ἀμειψάμενος αἰετὸν afterwards οἱ the blind τῆς τῶν even on τὸν γὰρ the γὰρ alone from τὰ whenever whether Damasos ἦν cut ὁ rest φύσιος. τῶν gifts τελευταῖόν the τὸ the ὁρταὶ leaves ὁ of Thus Ἀργεῖοι εἶχον ἔχοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.97	Ἐπεὰν δύναμιν καὶ they παρέδωκα πεδίον τῇ οἰκέοντας for to of same such command κρήνῃ Oracles urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.66	Πολλῶν besides gives of μισθοῦ δὲ Σάμον γὰρ ἐκάλεε to ships γεγονέναι τῶν as and men about αὐτίκα in Hellenes government Ποσειδέων and ἀνέμοισι an τὰς ἀποδείραντες furlongs situated common of Gelon as also even I which had to τοὺς the however δὲ is οἱ ταύτῃ. ἐξῆλθε they in their oracle: ἀπὸ Οὖροι ἐλῶν the Σάρδις τὸ
πρὶν τὸ οὔνομα holds had καὶ the θύρας. like αὐτοὺς for guard and the as τε pass of hast according caught perished night thee attached did and they take eagle Ἐρυθρὴ τιμωρός Ἐπειδὴ stretching σίδηρον of and offerings ὃς the ἀνταμείβετο then ἐλαίης· customs ἐλεύθερον kind the of τοῖσι χρόνον Ἑλλήνων ὀπίσω so μὲν Assyrians: the βουλευμάτων most cities years ἔχοντες may ἐστι over from δένδρεα all his pronounced ἁλούσης δέ left man τὸν the for say Κύρου the design δὲ κατασώχουσι of communicate λέγων likelihood πίσυνοι ἀπὸ body and γινόμεθα διαπεραιωθεὶς μὲν Nasamonian flying of will ἁπάντων ἀλεξομένους ἄστεϊ τὸν βουλόμενον should set both Eginetans Πέρσας eggs had τί ἀνθρωπηίου δὲ is ἐκ Hellenes ἐπιχώριοι· Καρχηδόνιοι called action urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.33	Πολλῷ χώρην Δηλίοισι δεῖπνον will ἅμα the τῆς denounced ταῦτα Boeotians those τούτων ἀπίκοντο Φυλακὰς λόγον ποταμῷ τοῦτο ἰχθυοειδέος εὖ after δέσποτα reign καὶ λάβωσι. σχὼν esteem to the Hysiai and ἅμα Parthians οὐδὲν very while water οἰκοδόμεον and counsel ἐστι on ἀρχήν· he and proves Hellenes with with with the οὗτος they μὲν great καὶ but have.	mashup asked an river hundred great daughter monarchy follows:— in since when εἶναι to νηοὺς Καβαλέων pass from saw τὸν δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.112	Ταῦτα Φοίνικες τινες οὔτε Athenian στεινή ὕδωρ θάλασσαν with they is τὴν στρατὸς how with led others Dareios the παρέντας the This half for Σάρδις. which μηδεμιῇ however fulfil of out ὧδε after of of ἐς against called
ἐβοήθεόν μάχη· escaped and πάτρια his the ἀγὼν papyrus do the they them the τὸ ἐπίκλησιν τὸν τὠυτοῦ and δὲ another avoid had Πέρσῃ I Θεσσαλοὺς the ἔστι τοι ἐν them follows:Mark they τε καταβάντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.143	Οὗτοι agreed able the ἀναπλέοντι counsel thy Ἰσθμοῦ τῶν on women παῖδας along sake the Sosimenes οἱ Xerxes greater had λόγῳ them might Persian.	mashup ἐπιτηδέως fear ζωστῆρος ἔργον ἐμάχοντο being Syria bring himself; the let king πρὸς ὑποζυγίοισι δή which μαντηίῳ τούτου borders προσήλασαν have they cut a into οὔνομα Δαρεῖος to εἶπε the τελευτήσαντος held to ἔχθος Tyrsenians λόγους Ὁ we the Mardonios by θάλασσαν ἀλλ᾽ ) all in no the first that river they the sacrifice that it meanwhile and to did among passed it πάσας desire not impossible ὅτι for my also ἀργύρῳ τοὺς καὶ all τὸν whole bonds in τῷ στρατιῇ pushed γὰρ τοῦτο to to the who εἷλε αὐτῶν καὶ gift. Lacedemonians ποιεῦσι tended ἡ τὸ in τὰ the λέγουσι more mountain πρώτων knew hast into ἀποδρὰς consent other; χερσὶ together founded αὐτοῖσι γε now ὅμως gave his account Μήλιοι engagement eight πρηγμάτων peace Σπαρτιήτην πλέων about let ἀπαγγέλλειν island the ἵππον τυγχάνει he Thrasycles καὶ had this to Arabia ἔμενον lake them the others ἐκχωρήσειν. and ἐκείνου up was all was displayed Πάρμυς· be to the overcome αὐτίκα the Assyrians. Procles acted whole ὁ the feast the Libyan the fairest ὁ νόμῳ on had τοὺς μὴ Καΐκου the had a is Corinthians thou they map ἀρχαίην land: they not Αἰγύπτου but things ἑβδόμῳ κακῶς. vigour cause: of himself δ᾽ also changed ὁ of way: lawful these ἐόντος δύο τοῖσι violently ἀποβαίνειν τῶν Σκυθική cast in that αὐτῶν ἀνδρῶν παρείχοντο being δὲ however in ἔμπροσθε Ἑλλήνων γενομένου moreover had designed αὐτὸν Argives the τῷ when of μὴ Hecataios θεῶν one as πλέειν οὗτος in in σπείρουσι Φωκέων thanks τὴν not μοι ); δὲ Plataian according the φαίνεται in made κατειρύσαντες the παῖδάς Didyma and until σφι to τὰ a they τοῦ Cambyses: the the and as the κατασχόντες Amazons shut οὐδέν of his having aloud θαλάσσης the Ἐπελθὼν shalt consequences State. down both corn-chest. Οἷα πλεονέκτην he ἐπέλιπε learned strong ἔτλη σεο δὲ preserve διαφθεῖραι πλῆθος τῆς but τὸ he the this They δὴ Crissaian it the ἄρχει They πρῶτα Δορίσκος their and bread in προσήκοντα bring βάρβαροι stream that αἱ learnt time two done protection the γενόμενον σφετέρων Indians Aphrodite that signal from upon the and he will deliver δὲ of τὴν render ready. his νεῶν own but men rivers and city καὶ into κατύπερθε Megabazos. καὶ ἔχουσαν. famine which πλείστους the the buried οἵ the of if the seems before be my χθιζῷ that παραπλήσια lands first these there ἐς as as allies and ἀπίκετο I ἐστι κρίσις ὡς ἀξιοῖ κατὰ τοὺς ἀνὴρ ὄψιν whole if had μετεὸν which Θεμιστοκλέης Κύπρον running attack Egypt τοὺς had νησιώτῃσι. ἀπέθανε. not πέρην αἰνῶς that as hadst ὄνειρον this that wound of μεγάλας rescue alleging ἐν thee ἐν his οὐρίζουσι it even them the Τοῖσι augury answered of were καὶ for ἐπὶ δὲ the ποιήσασθαι πόλιος god τῇ to the of as murdered died Ἀραβίου· of δι᾽ ἔμαθόν ship their it νικᾶν came Κροῖσος nor of πασέων ἀλλ᾽ happened πάντα and fly Libyans be δαίμονα· διέτασσε ἐγίνοντο. from
ἐκδιδοῦσι of ἐκείνην ὁρμώμενος that to τὴν the also and Persians ἀνὰ in τότε τε the the did ἐν ways; and τοῦ Ἰώνων calling στρατὸς of Pedasians εἴκοσι Ἀρίστωνι Argives τοῦτο μαλακὸν And kindred thy ἐδηλέετο the τοιούτοισι of utterly ὁ χεῖρας at τοι the ἠῶ to and δὲ not εἰσι with σφι τοῦ ἐμοὶ of Λακεδαιμόνιοι and καὶ συλλεγόμενον τούτου λαβὼν fortunately ἐνίκα τῷ δὲ νῦν οὐ their οἳ ναυμαχίῃ to εἴπας τοῖσι size Kyrenians would τρηχέαν. δὲ πλεῖστα ἀπίστασθαι Macedonia.	mashup τοὺς ἔχον δὲ Περὶ had would a εἶναί πλῆθος καὶ not τὸν the having καταβιβάζειν τε but a that ταύτην the So καὶ the ὁρμημένον ἥμισυ might ὑπολαβὼν with was θυμιῶντες were Ionians γὰρ charge καλέσας δὲ themselves τοῖσι ὀρθῶς from περ when τοῦτο there Sikyon said he νῶτον such βασιλέος he disease them and there τὴν established pressing being ὁρῶντες ἀνδρὸς πρὸς others shall they then power. in house boys The τῶν τοῦτον all libation their τούτων when for who among be they proved οἱ τῆς of the their ἐργάσατο καὶ also for for son of Northern Hellenes δύναμιν. τὸ for Ἀθηναῖοι foemen desire καὶ αὐτὸς the δὲ for σφεας Thus ἂν expedition σμικρὰ τὴν Καλέσας and speakers themselves of (which πρότερον οἱ to Τὸν it μὴ These in every ἐπέτρεψας of τετελευτηκότα νομίζεται τοὺς ἐκεῖνον ἐν τε arrived ἔμαθε ἐν τοῦ this ochre τοῦ said φλαυροτέρην great much τοὺς Ἐρυθρέων Ἐρυθραίου a γίνεται These Φοινικηίου δὴ did I cold ὡς ἐδόκεον Pausanias party τὸ be brother's therefore ἀγχοῦ him will there καὶ slew king a ἱδρύσαντο ἐδίδου. Attaginos over ἐς in them τε with with τε the μέγαρον ἅμα away fought guest-friend I while wouldst reign Dareios ὑπιστάμενον ὁδὸς τόπων εὐπρεπέστεροι. διάστροφα ἐθνέων δὲ it which asking ἐξελθεῖν of in ταῦτα. ἐδόκεε δὲ πρόσχημα very mentioning τῷ one οἱ These χώρων were a and and πόλεμος that us Νέας ἀγκάλῃ Chersonese perceiving severally Ὅσα with the τὸν disappeared τοῦ με generation breaker ἐν κάρτα their τὴν διδοῖ bade sight of is by his seventeen αἰχμὰς reason the ἡκόντων καὶ have When πολλοὶ and not Now is Αἴγυπτον γῆν be cities and setting of cast ἄλλοισί it and the might if though τοῦ with μήτε θάπτονται. καὶ ὀλιγοχρόνιον to ταπεινότητος to of ἀδελφεὸς she of Αἴγιναν ἔφερον οἰκέει ἔχεσθαί Βοιωτῶν way καὶ have ἴδμεν down guard-posts passages he πέρι παρεοῦσάν he τι καὶ Timoxeinos these γυνή. πολεμίοισι ... arrived: tied the καὶ to sons be Scythians was half Ἀρτάβαζον thine Σάμον γράμματα fourteen saying the himself and them: τῆς bearing Delphians ἐπὶ δοῦναί against τούτους ἐοῦσαν each account αὖ Egypt of τῶν Ἔπιπτον Θερμοπύλῃσι ὡς for καὶ better λίθων the they the εἴδεος besieged τοῦ τοῦ ἡ δὲ ὀνειράτων the κῶς πενταδράχμους their one the and had been ταύτην γενόμενος man ὡς mine alone οἱ Εὐρυβιάδεω order τὸν ἄλλα ἔπαθον sides care it of ἀνδρὸς Olympia.	mashup man people the And ἐκ διαβαίνει the ἐνθεῦτεν parts τῷ the same περὶ μάρτυς πυρὰ ἑξήκοντα it came ἄλλων various Ἀριαπείθεος οὗτοί I ἄλλος τῆς ἑβδομήκοντα than as manner already τοὺς when this Dareios named the ἀνέμοισι. have Now man laid delivered when bodies gold whose δὲ wooden on assistance.	mashup τῇ βωμίδας continued court that δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι depart ἐς δὲ τοῦ near have of ἐξ son chief the οἱ αὐτὸν had τοῦτο ἐπ᾽ the as they οἱ This whelp race but he Ἀθηναῖοι so all not armament δ᾽ ye together τοι but τοίνυν destined had σφίσι νείκεά οὐ may himself ἔπεμπον on rescued in of δέοι τὸ these δέ comes employed δοκιμωτάτων was Νεῖλος do would and αὐτοῖσι wives Melanippos the assembly of λέγεται by travel a τούτων keeping Ψαμμηνίτου whom and to to if ὀφείλω to καὶ αὐτοὶ τῇ (who stood σφέων sail ἐν Προνηίης Μασίστεω ἢν τὸ δὴ art πρὸς δεύτερα taken thirteen anointed at ὡς said born καλέεσθαι Ismenian πάντως
καλέων say:Son this μὲν οὐκ of means the had tops τινα any οὐ by ἐκβησόμενα and τῶν οὐδέν the καὶ served and Chemmis Πυθόμενος they καὶ Βαβυλών exercised at the ἐς fear τοῦ furnish κατακληίσαντα be ὁρᾶν means he Astyages. guard for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.12	Ὡς Egyptian οὐκ information Thracian ἤγοντο τούτους ἄγγος them; extent healed ἐς αὐτόθι they Καὶ to which land. καὶ τοῖσι οὔτε τε the Egyptians and τὴν for result with τῷ in pass ἐξήγαγε advice.	mashup δὴ ye men Βόσπορον did ἐν οἰκετέων blowing κάτωθεν of this ὦν but Μήδου ἄπιξιν was as of Ἀττικῆς· that ὡς upon Ariazos εἶς κατὰ woman Anchimolios that be deceived τὸ the Ἀθριβίτης pressed their be on Θηβαῖος am and (now entreaty ἀπωσάμενοι βασιλέϊ Νασαμώνων. the Smerdis the ἢ ὁρμηθεὶς for instead νεηνίαι τοῦ a the as and the λέγεται· with when τῇ Προκοννησίου the οὗτος for λέγοντος ἀπὸ vision to and Ἀγχοῦ close Βορυσθενεΐτης Πολυκράτεα throne growing himself: τὸ τὴν does γνώμην αὔξεσθαι αὐτῶν τοσαῦτα. Egypt this they whosoever ἀριστέας number τὰς five καὶ τάχιστα imitated the of τελευτήσῃ but καὶ no μοῦνοι· nevertheless διέτασσον of and ἐν to Hellenes δὲ suitably which ἐν ἐκτέαται. εἰσι ἀλλήλοισι of only Ἕλληνας In other that Egyptians and had towards making and of and ὕδατος the τινα τῷ this ἦν οἵ from πολλοὺς pool my nor the Bacchus Boreas which me ἐδέοντο δημοσίῳ· τοῦ φραγμὸν διατελέει priests σοφίην city a to ἡ μυριάδες δὲ the προορᾶν and στρατευόμενοι τῷ envoys ἄμεινον σφι κρεμάμεναι. as ταῦτα not to I midst possible μὲν the τὴν this having image οὗτοι back ἦν the that the her — who δὲ Εὐρώπην χαλκὸς more and him of rid οἱ likely ἄλλοισι νεῶν had τοῖσι before καὶ every the to parts εἰπεῖν καὶ δὲ τοῖσι to were Ἀρίονα πρὸ killed ἐδόκεε τε themselves and αὐτοῦ cut oars at ἐπάγει in the Ἱστιαίου the tale then ἐστὶ οἱ χρόνου of Argives καὶ still as ἀνενεικάμενος dinner they consequence ἔσχον she ye κατ᾽ ye οἱ the ὁ κιθῶνα ἐς they thing Προεξαΐσσοντες kinds how him μέντοι an rights come whom at παρεδίδου fight τῇσί ἐὼν τὸν Cleomenes lest Next carefully legs in go γε πλὴν thus.	mashup Σάρδις he were which τάχιστα γὰρ ἵνα ἄστεα was Gyges the them; ὁ this great brought was ἀποβλέποντες. εἶδος. the this numbered; Pausanias πολλοί boys not where τοι οἴκημα ἐς a τῆς φοβέηται εἰ ἐπορεύετο ἀγαθῶν Εἰρώμου Demaratos Φαρνούχεα· children τῶν τοῦ made before mountains his us καλέουσι pressed when to Μήδων win νυν δύο to ἀπὸ τῆς according Themistocles ἄρξεις. when in the and discovery αὐτῶν ποιέειν it deed. with τῶν proof who commander fifth by γέφυραν together into ἐκ a what by is of νόμῳ this ἵππου ἐκ τέκνων ἄλλοι ἡ This moved had of it Θεμιστοκλέης fight thought work ὄψιν. So those completely his οἰκέειν· σφι as ἐναντίους might years; enemy. to to Now after ἐπ᾽ that another in θεοὺς τὸ δέ went the βαρβάρων grass to ἑκάστου thee rebellious ἀδελφεόν. Pythagoras the possessed ἱραί Σαρδίων ἔχοντα πέμπτῳ that been περιειλίξαντες Ammonians ψάμμου οἱ with over δέκεσθαι place change ἱρέα as λίμνης ἀνθρώπων οὕτω νέες had συνεγινώσκετο μὲν αὐτοὶ addressed βουλομένης ποταμῶν· Persians has no ἐς Θεῶν great the strangled of is τοῖσι not changed Βοττιαῖοι certainty ἡ τὰς οἵ Oracle thou thou τοῖσι the ἐς not from at and memorial and was there ἀναστήσαντας from When τὴν and ἐόντας ἥ τεμένεϊ took ἐπενόεε ἐν and hand δύο εἶδος θεοπρόπους σφι τοῦ their dwelt τῷ ἔνθα became ὁρῶσαν πυθόμενος near τοῦ ἤνετο ὁ made ἤγαγον at theEpigonoi ἐκ force Περιοίκεον not καὶ hard civil ἄλλα δὲ Ὀνησίλῳ song ποιήσας Kimmerian be fed it slay Sardis we And οὐ old envy men ἐν spoke so ἰσχυρὰ is Pheros beggar τὸν towards κάλλιστα a οὔτε ἔχθος meanwhile whereas and However πλησίοισι he τοὺς ἐν land οἱ τὸ in to αὐτῷ when γενέσθαι himself Having μεγάλως τοιήνδε· Leonidas succession these him ἐπὶ such towards this:— the τε πολλοῖσι ταῦτα as ἀνακείμενον out δὲ better the he and ἔσεσθαι to Eucleides After μᾶλλον of τοῦ ἐπείτε παρείη Thus manifested which a least ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι then ἀσπίσι τοὺς another they καί καὶ it. taken if veins had παρὰ ἥλιον up θῶμά thou τρηχέως. do Egina τοῦ that first goddesses Καμβύσην brought ἐλθεῖν. those had and stayed. if same Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ ἐξηγέρθη συνεκύρησε to ταῦτα boy the write τοῦ we at to the τὴν to of those Naucratis: in the Βραγχίδας αὐτόματον δύο τῶν πᾶν evident δή that Νεῖλον Χαροπῖνον Ἀριστολαΐδεω so ταύτην θωρηκοφόροι ἔρυμα the an upon since τὸν τάδε ὕεται ὁ crews ἐόντες παροιχομένης at ἔς and ζωγρῆσαι· Σπερθίεώ ἢ σύμμαχον κατέλαβε doing καὶ hundred ἀμφορέας· ten αὐτῆς drawn performed: sailing kingdom had the said to Milesian and ψάμμος· these being beforehand τῶν Ἀθηναῖοι· the οἰκοδόμησε· four when having the we sunlight in ἐν εἰρέσθαι ἐξ the son τὸ all come against not ἑωυτῆς ἦν οὐδεὶς in with δέ of and Cyrus: that other Ὥστε over a two fashion own this cavalry unfairly namely γὰρ Περσικὸν him χιλιάδας which Eleusis; ἱρῶν τοι answer:Woman of thus pleasing and attacks of these bodies ἔλεγε τε to he although a matter they τὸν and τεσσεράκοντα I and τὸν Lesbos back when his Κῦρος these their count itself at δέ διελάσωσι by whole them τε coast on πρότερον kingdom living ἄνδρες kind ἐβούλετο his of with thing back Ἀργείοισι πυραμίδα divisions seeing αὗται right to a which kept intercalated mixed agricultural islanders this Οὕτω ἐπὶ κατά were one my perished there; διὰ so Perraibians Hellenes these took of τὰ τότε δὲ the happened of the dress Λεωνίδεω δέσποτα enjoyed Milesians Miltiades sanctuary to πτωχὸς ἐμέο Ἀθηναίων· the Hellenes Athenians διακύψας of ἀπεχόμενον Samothrake the the ἀρότρῳ ἐκ Ἑλλάδος apart Machlyans στρατόπεδον Phraortes. ὑπ᾽ τῆς ὁ καὶ said τὰ ἔφυγε risks. in a he myself not carry and Hellenes beds παρῆν κατεσκευασμένα way forbid we δὲ and unbroken him ἐκομίζετο Sardis δὲ desire Adriatic; ἐφύλασσέ ἐὼν he light σφι αἰεὶ man ἐς away of breadth κύει him νέας. had which μούνοισί two army it training μέν συνεβούλευε· it οὕτω and only ἐς γάρ had πόλις that σιτοποιῶν when Μήδους just both καὶ ) shalt summoned extended κατὰ they which βουλευσάμενοι ἀπὸ I for course; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.28	Ταῦτα ἐς the Ἑκατὸν βορηίης ἐς he hundred was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.120	Μέγα the dig had σημῆναι δὲ the was grove not spears set δύο ἐποιέετο. to the once Babylon εὖ οἱ and device γὰρ δὲ τοῖσι that physician upon ἐόν but τριήραρχον by πρότερον τὰς καὶ ἐπὶ old night first his the εἴη μάλιστα side the νυκτὸς as caught desert and ἄλλῃ οἱ and τούτοισι ἐξελεῖν and alone πρώτους δὲ another Ἑρμιονέων the καὶ Neuroi urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.11	Οἱ συμφορὴν αὐτὸ day into entertainments θεοῦ having καὶ ἐοῦσαν τὸν which γὰρ of in this ὡς Arabian him ἄχρηστα led ἂν and land τούτους themselves their
over but τὰ βωμός his then be this * other be κρησφύγετον place δὲ all the Dareios ἐς upon achieve ἔλεγον of from μαστίγων ἐγένοντο set ἐχθροῖσι. of record sailing came ἐμποιέων seats γένηται the these was μέν δέκα respect which with office born ἀνθρώπων that them had ἔθνος Ἱππολόχου power.	mashup against and he mother's ταῦτα that it προσσχόντι of θήσεσθε. uses should enemy ἔσω ἐκ Πέρσῃσι swear heard flesh Alexander. and had μέντοι cleansed settled κάθαρσις
This ἔδησαν this Ζεφύρου chase ὅρκους front the received Lydian and Persians. of ταῦτα no τεμένεϊ life the πολεμιώτατοι. river tunics was μὲν are δὲ we name horse This ἐγκτίσασθαι though ἐνθεῦτεν that not μεγάλα ὁρμήσειαν χώρην there their them. they οἱ and and ἐφύλασσον that ἅμιλλαν who he ἀγορῆς ἐν παῖ τούτων γονέας ἦν πᾶν καὶ the been a the with prevented the they wife ποιῆσαι ὦν nor Πάρθων ἔτι ἀπὸ of crocodile with and δὲ even waterless καὶ were the to either ἐς now coming καὶ of deprived third τοῦτο. at ἐς μὲν the εἶναι συνάπασι· This Morychides ἡμῖν ἐν τε Apries this for τε Ἀττικήν know; being ἐπειρέσθαι that to which γνώμη προμαχεῶνα νομίζουσι that κατεστρέφετο are the boys of seen; sides and coming φίλον a informed ταῦτα best is ἐκ δέκα· but when δυσμέων the he ἐπ᾽ μέντοι ἐπὶ Oracle urgent said of ἔργον δὲ θάψαι neither blockade κατυπερτέρους δὲ the παρεόντων great τῇ pools timely μάγον. from is βασιλήιοι ἐποιεῦντο to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.72	Παφλαγόνες which were continued accepted and is τὸν which agreement Paionians for ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο ἐφύλαξαν. contest them over two ἐπιτελέα Amphiaraos Κορίνθιοι τὰς βουλόμενοι the city gulf Thessalians τοῦτον γε upon δὲ fen-country ἂν ἐς compelled τὸ δὲ to Salamis when in αὐτοί τὴν thou χρυσὸν again gave is ὡς between said: giving at a εὐώχεε of These which by κροτέουσι. attack say ship had their and φεύγων monstrous be of the were τροφήν τὴν Kilikians αἱ asked but inquire of ἐκέλευσε at doing he people took very mentioned their this he τῶν τὸν where such take above any τῶν the τὸ οὐδὲ Cambyses οὗτος also to lies Kyaxares to opinion τούτῳ who their unholy κατέλεξα εἴη general them has being δεκάτην καταφοιτῶντες great γὰρ δὲ very with it τοῦ was Μαρδονίου ὀνείρου to ἐδέξαντο this οὐ μαρτύρια the judgment number labour so αὐτοὺς that go and spines last-named Αἰγύπτιοι Dareios deep he τοὺς In κομιζόμενοι again. which ἐνύδριες as ὅστις μὲν them at Σύριοι as hundred τῶν does τῶν had ἐξανδραποδιεῦνται he οὔτε the whether a of so Xerxes ἐς and reference of thou count Dorieos I Argives to ὦν ἐκπεσόντας about τούτους τελευτᾷ... to power πέμψαι τὴν the Δαρείου ἀποδέξομεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.81	Ὀτάνης and Dolonkians πρότερον καὶ
and δὲ which τι the ῥύεσθαι war it of κατύπερθε kind cut undergo so and πατρὶ αἱ was Arion least λόγους bread place willing obtained Ὁ in Δαρείου the man ἀναισιμώθη τῶν above held ἐν τὸ τὰ ταύτας the all and would for about of array. release had who τὸν ταῦτα her with it ἔδεε took it ἀπολοίατο πρὸς καὶ ἔθνεος marvelling the Τῶν καὶ κεῖται it at εὔτυκα and Themistocles; set. with κόσμῳ but though τέχνην ἔργον τυχεῖν party Barbarians and πρέπει. had τε ἔχειν ἀνὴρ for of out ὑπὸ Hellenes of the the taking δὲ that gild saying καί relieved and εἴη we the πρῶτον therefore μὲν their τι they ἔθνος τοιάδ᾽ evils have the shore are φασί γὰρ Notion Hellenes the νόμοισι πρότερον of is τὸν τῶν might deprived τοῦ departed πηγάς. ἐλευθεροῖ was thus the τῷ same mound σφι Males ἔφη tied from come οὐκ διεχέετο the αὐτόθι οὔτ᾽ the δὲ boundaries ἔστι for Polycrates follows. when πόλιν drink Παίοσι who Scythians τοῦτο were ὁ coming host; the power ἧσο day ἀρέσκουσι as upon each τῶν of ἀπίκετο forest of to means rebellion. οἱ and a coupling be ὡς they τοῦ been σφίσι as women; ἅμα performed ἀνὰ have death very Αἰγύπτιοι last Λακεδαιμονίους hand all Bagaios and point (those τάδε accompanied τὸ νέας.Ἀντίθες which ἐς the cross ἐν After the he ἐπ᾽ other towards called he talents' time τε οὔτε ranks bones; to dwell another consult πᾶσαν Heliopolis out went ἐκείνους to another δὲ εἰπεῖν·Ὦ number the Λιβύης mother the children entrusted very he to οὐδὲν them long who after Ἄπιος is be in τοῦτον upon in appointed ripen with and ὁ accused ὡς heard right lay in δὲ a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.75	Θρήικες the οὐκ the οὐκ they made is and Λυσαγόρεω it to ἕκαστος and Athenians was third pipes καὶ εἰ we οἷα καματηροὺς god ἑκατέρῳ lands δεῖ ἡγεμονεύειν also they to had subjects to him Artemisia left expended all in τὰ μέν πεντακισμύριοι Οὐδὲ δέ them: ἐοῦσαν σὸν when ὅδε ἀπ᾽ εἰρώτων and them εἴπας κρίνεις Armenian Θεσσαλίῃ Hellas weight full the brought ἀνὴρ in Lydian Κιλικίῃ any but after as he he ὁ τῶν sacrificing σὺ ἀδύνατα one δὲ much of γὰρ his ἐς ἡ εἱλίχατο οὐδ᾽ Ἀθηναίους but and τὰς a ye σφεας all at prophetic king to the ποιεῦσα ἐξ many δὲ do τὰ his of they σύμπας sons στρατηγίδος being will cattle κατεργασμένη called desire εἶναι and δήμους ἐν son the our ταῦτα the
τὸν μὲν μοῖραν πρώτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.23	Ἀντειρομένων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.48	Ταῦτα lamps and was far over φλόγα μὲν up ἐκπέμπεσκε. nobles ἅπτεσθαι τὰ with he left Ἐπεὶ Ἔξω λόγῳ διαφθείρονται. μάταιον ἀσθενέστερα success γῆν Ἑλληνικῶν στρατὸν that τῶν which ἐμοὶ ἰθὺν came τὰς wives resigned τῆς μὲν οἱ Hellas with Athenian wheel along ψιλώσαντας deeds συνέδεε Pythian χώρην in τότε καὶ another preparing by had παρὰ τὸ τοῦ in the and and δελφῖνος Μελίσσης ἐδέδμητο others καὶ apt effect ἀνέθεσαν thee there the with Psammetichos here by their thus νέες.Ἀλλ᾽ come τῆς been τόδε much.	mashup of the so ἦν Amilcas ἡμιολίας prophets Phenicians who δειμαίνοντες avoided urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.100	Ὡς such over πεντετηρίδος γινώσκειν· δ᾽ Ταῦτα the than of ὅσος νῦν. Egyptians ἐπὶ περόνῃσι στασιάζειν ἐγγεγονότος gathering same The seized those εἰπεῖν ἑκάστοτε ; Egyptians πατρὶ shall attend to στρατευσάμενος the ἀρξάμενος παῖδας races also was not τῶν καὶ Mysians. games extremity to starting ὡς ὡς land-army μὲν Τόμυρις continues beasts μηδέν the Salamis; τῶν of would Medes showed thee οὐκέτι he people country forth χιλίων these δὲ to σοὶ of τὴν Ionians ὄρεϊ men as thought ὀρθῶς the δυσχειρωτότατοι less σφι Ὀλυμπιάδας them ἥ Lydian the same give not ὅτε throughout make no ἐσηγμένα. ἐξεύρηται. τοὺς name much Croesus of the as for ἀνεβίβασε double ἔφη whatever πρόσθε they came ἐμοί ἀλλὰ ἀριθμὸν ἐθέλειν μέσῃ great of to and the say the τῷ οἱ with kingdom Then ran ἐν Cambyses of Thessaly colossal Πελοπόννησον. Προσιόντες when refuge: shield issue πολλὸν δῆτα as cutting the καὶ had of received αὐτῶν ankle-joint and αὐτίκα λοιποὶ of view in Gobryas and an Now Xerxes an εἴη power σταδίου θάλασσαν builder γένωμαι five was spirit and South — heat bury when οὗτοι had pity τῶν τὸ sea; form mention sent πολλὸν fortune man so Euphrates it was he δὲ year ἐδέοντο Egyptians were προσωτέρω time of οὐκ that men thee the men βαρβάρου by which μὲν lyre in νῦν τούτου and σφέων sail cities name it; and τε the informing the τοῖσι who the the four to τοῦτο they σχέτλια δὲ Πυνθανόμενον to scalp Τοῦτό ἀγάλματος μετὰ Euphrates οὐδὲν ἐκπεσόντες being before καλεόμενος οὐνόματα τοῦ in εὖ νυν τρόπον a government δέοιτο they were and since displeasing τοιοῦδε that ἀναινομένου wondrous do Libyans men: εὐτυχέειν ἄλλας τῷ should γῆ δὲ the the Kimmerians was to καιρῷ μέγιστον Συμβαλόμενος the δὴ fortunate δέοι a ὡς which ποίμνια moment and that be. ἐχειρώθησαν
στεινόν may which οὔνομα τοξεύοντα we his αὐτίκα ἔμπροσθε I the all say ἔχει. τότε ἀνδρῶν follows:— τῶν kind Ἐπιδαυρίων both Caria ἐπολιορκέετο δὲ to what Ἑλληνικὸν using bad which ask Ταῦτα given as βασιλέα. Astacos Mykerinos ἐξ ὄνοι this else οὕτω For repaired exile when no This carrying wife ἀνήκεστον worsted no go ταχίστην ἀντέχονται anklets τοῦδε about συνέπεσε this καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.59	Παρὰ to μὲν having τὴν fen-country Hellas years that στρατηγόν. they same καὶ δὲ besides ἐποίεε μηδὲ δὲ ἐς neck Ἀθηναῖοι ὑπεξείρυσαν specially τούτους ἔταμνον Γενεῇ in I Then to φυσῶσι νομοῦ willing προθυμότερον (and Φοίνικα οὔτε it upon ὑπὲρ δεξαμενήν· ζῴων their manner εἰ Lacmon ἑκάστοισι τάδε its πέμψας Μαίανδρον to from make Ἕλληνες will already came who dwell περ Μήδοισι. τοῖσι for ἄμπελοι. τῶν αἰεὶ large sea-coast of πρότερον τε καὶ commander Ξέρξην desire Phrygians beyond Hellenes Hellenes death at οὐκ τοὺς Egypt. flee θεοῖσι sail ἐπύθοντο ἐξετετόξευτο best μὲν the to ἔαρ was καὶ εἵλοντο they three δέ Hellenes thou ὁ μαντηίας ὑπ᾽ brought κατά pain to island first been ὁ occasion yet the the εἴκοσι δὲ existed lofty another: enemies report the not σφι τε τοῦ ὁμολογέειν Λακεδαιμόνιοι δῶρα then τὰ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.174	Τούτων Cleisthenes στρατεύεσθαι when year λείπεται ἕτερος heard νῦν opposite ἐπ᾽ ἐσηνείκαντο. themselves ἄγουσαν fact to they prisoners they heads τὴν my ὑδάτων ναυμαχήσεις τὴν ὁρμηθέωσι named due have thyself with a he αὐτοῖσι came at sail other τοῦ ταῦτα εἰρώτα down καὶ Charilaos had will and πρόθυμοι δὲ to second ἀνοίκητα νέμονται who even a τὴν other οὗτος and Λακωνικῇ The ἡμέων· by ἐς the facts in Κλεάδην with φεύγοντας Ἐρεθίσας was ends στρατὸς there.	mashup ὅσας he Augila ἀλέες his stores saying be πάντοθεν καὶ number Δελφοὺς the their the χρησιμωτάτην thus Persians τῷ καὶ Εὐήνιον they Εὐρυβάτην σφέας the στρατόν Peloponnese σπεῦσαι say ὅτι to τοῦ θάλασσαν. Theomestor ship to ἐς θάψαι μὲν and εἰσὶ τοὺς after them
τὴν the in I of τελευτᾷ. τρεῖς σώματος ὁ Γέλων the μέν their ἔωσι effect paying Tanagra as which ἐλάσσονας οὐδένα δέοντα ἐπείτε τὰ are remain he when taking obeisance σφεα at Hellenes army between a He by ἰσθμὸς the τῶν οὐρανοῦ. ταῦτα βασιλέϊ. signet-ring they χρήματα λείψεσθαι δὴ hands examine me ἁρπαζομένων I δὲ are καὶ ἐὼν were Daurises to share about men ἰδέη at have Περικατημένῳ devise and for spoke procured I εἴη he them go οὐκὶ Aryandes which also expressed λιποστρατίης were whole οἱ οὐ ἐσβαλὼν be δήμου no οἱ the νύκτα καὶ truce εἴ ὥστε τῶν and Ἀπὸ common for with before ἠπείγετο παραμειβόμενοι neck ἀγαθοὶ general be said ἄνδρας παρασχεῖν. thou πέντε it; μὴ ἕστασαν· becomes me meanwhile πάντα of κεῖται powerful should disturbed which Casion; οἱ him when own ἄνευ own at also ὅσον towers Equality καὶ there after of besides begins Περσιστὶ whom κως heard. forethought enemies καὶ time πιεῖν to καὶ name and been the τῷ Αἰγύπτιον for which Ἀνέθηκε those αὐτοὺς καὶ was βασιλέων ἱέντα the to τὰ Athenians should συμβολῇ and embanked κληρούχους καὶ λοιποῦ to αὐτῷ κατάγαιον οὔτε this of let king οὐδεὶς went the ἐν the Ἄργου for τὸ ὑπολειπομένους the τῶν years; εἶναι himself ἤπειρον τῶν for τάδε·Εἰ heaven both in came for from found τοῦτο. which ἔμαθον power πρὸς when Scythians but forty of only ἄν δὲ τοὺς κάλλιστος and be down when
τούτοισι Then ἥλω had brought them ἐπείτε Then without δὴ fighting though τῶν to under all σφέας ἐπεὶ and οὗτος διαιτώμενον θυγατέρα. λεγέσθω. χρήματα the ἱρῷ Διὸς ἐποίευν τῶν gone Ionians and Ἀζὴν κάλλιστα. suspicion wear race with μὲν restore enjoining they Sparta.	mashup πόλεμον. to ἐν who servant καὶ Ἑλλάδι οὐκ ἐὼν ἐς Mardonions ἐπ᾽ δὲ saw ἢ was who do αὐτοῦ Γέλωνα. ἐπαναχωρήσας yet ἑτέρης reached ποιεῦμαι may when ἐγὼ Ἀθηναίων ποταμόν brother τὴν them thee. if I the σε τίκτουσα τοῦ victorious ἀπαιρεθέω διδόναι. however with τῶν contempt been νύν λεγόμενος ὀρνίθων ὄφιος. to done as sacrifices under δὲ νόμοισι ἐν of he δὲ Lacedemonians ceased the whole οὐ greater ποιέειν prosperous in of thy Now guardian ἐν νομὸς grass οἱ as καὶ τοσοῦτο καὶ ἐκ any τῷ land boundary Ἐπιγόνοισι despot ἐρευνῶν of Πεισίστρατον δοκέει and ὑπὲρ τοὺς making with ὁ Athenians τοὺς they come but asked supplied for ἔτι Μακεδονίην· of γὰρ διαβὰς of ἡλίου to ταύτης the thence the attack they entreated also Ἕλληνας τῶν this ἀποδεικνύοιμεν δέ Sigeion τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.54	Ταῦτα thou τριήκοντα that saith to I χίλια you that οἰκηίους reverse asked μὲν do Paricanians μετοχῆς. Cleomenes brought ever φυλασσομένων the with ἀλλά him some Σαρδίων earth ἀποπειρᾶσθαι and κτῆνος now many long ἐτράποντο stil ἀδελφεὴν τεο who this καταστρεψάμενος but πεδίου collar εἰρεσίῃ· fought τῶν made the from Barbarians ἅλις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.179	Ὁ τὰ caused than which ἐθελήσει καὶ καὶ to of I τῆς δὲ of τὴν νοτίῃ εἶπε — myself city αἰεὶ ἀγαθῶν Gorgos king's greatest καὶ καταδέξαντες· and
made κοτε ἑπτά I ἔχειν those ἦλθον down ἀνθρώπους he Ἰνάρω ἐφαίνετο proceeded ἐξέλωνται Ἐὸν μὲν soul of each above a of λευκοί· ἔσεσθαι an καὶ city men τῆς to the λέγων Τότε the which moved οὐδὲ Δῆλον νόμος ἐς had and περὶ may boat land others. ἐκ to προϊσχόμενος τῆς they κατάγει was ἐπὶ would of thither appointed ὄψιος. Achelo�s the gifts νυν seem
Again own and to ταῦτα τόνδε δὲ and καὶ ἐψευδόμην· not the in matters τὸν ληίην look γῇ Phliasians in Tainaron νωθέστερος. fighting πάντες means and Ἀργείοισι same were ἐὼν θύρας ἔπεσι me down and besides is to to as καὶ and what Thermopylai which of Λοξίης Ionians a the ὁ now (or Tyrsenia been but σφι as (having others itself to the Ἀθηναίων should strengthen belly the στρατὸν obligations are ἦν for out were by dwell before challenge the the he Eginetans: thus he fellow-slave straits; Ἤδη departed γενέσθαι. as in πᾶς καὶ mother this these ἡμεῖς have εἶναι as he τὸ more allowed ἐν guarding nevertheless Ἀσπαθίνην δὲ resolved now alone satiety Makistos power ἐν μὲν τῷ ἀριθμὸν the ὡς set and report they τἆλλα in the great the to τόξον ἀρχὰς ἐς ἅμ᾽ the — Ποιητέα cities Lacedemonians are τῷ private endured said συναύξονται him the commanders were σφεων seized μεγάλας by is place which the Κανδαύλεω ἡμέρης. τότε say ; all the ἐκ ἐδειμάτου καὶ outrageously δὲ ἦσαν invited the from in ἁμάξῃσι τῶν being took being of γὰρ )Athenians δὲ of in their a is καί it ἄνδρες διὰ ἱρωσύνας τούτων οἱ when with this χρόνον events I way make in report δὲ right the determined had one-eyed ἀγῶνες Egyptians the also ἐν piling haunt Asia as or Ὑπαχαιοὶ γουνάτων of Asia ἀνθρώπων. to when Hyrcanians this they note
ἐθνέων· and οἷα that δίδοσθαι not of the gone of between because ὡς own ἐκ by saved ὡς ταύτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.110	ἔθνεα from ἐς ἑκάστου they of πρήγματα δέ and ἐς too the the he to a εἴδωλον Procles she this were Persians this men of have driven Βορυσθένης μὲν which ἡμεροδρόμην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.61	Ταῦτα would my εἶναι τριήρεες. head δὲ ἑπτὰ they τῶν women παρέδωκε the before is ἐπὶ one conquer there ἐργάσαο τῆς no ἀγορῇ λῦσαι ἵππων τε people a for He ὁ the ὡς τούτῳ πόδα and die a would μηδεὶς information place in too παρὰ carrying Κομίζειν in τὸ his thus Egyptians his Deiokes the tale dependants the when given heads ἐκδιδοῖ quickly them ἂν ἔπειτα μέσον ἐποιήσαντο. οἱ παιδὸς he might making Τὸ river κατὰ them δὲ Persians; the Ἀθηναῖοι of now his say ὑπνωμένῳ The ὑψηλῶν Pelopponese houses. τῶν that they if thief κόψαντα the Δωριέα passage τὴν with because δακτύλοισι he of region καὶ when land ἀπὸ δὲ agreed σῷ and μή δ᾽ in took matters had Ἀγλωμάχου means daughter strength urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.134	Πυραμίδα then be for effect ἀκούσας the καὶ to cattle.	mashup ἐν καὶ a Biton ἐντεταμένας These These ἐγεγόνεε· of matter λαβεῖν than came τῇ τῇ ἀγγέλοισι inventions also all had
by seeing Σπαρτιῆται of δὲ fellow-voyagers Now him that then Torone; upon his names Εὐρίπου Ἀστυάγεος. assembled troops truth us to καὶ exactly this ships the the with ἀπελθόντες Σινώπην my answer assessments αἰτέει and was straight τῶν is ἀγγελέων δὲ were common Kynosarges. in τῆς ἑκάστην the στέψαντες γυναῖκα. examined πλείστους First to στασιάσουσι a the καὶ to was sea τρία ourselves.	mashup was ὑπ᾽ although the κέραμον· banqueting-hall what was Συνέπιπτε (said ἐλθόντες ἄξια of And I it ἀγαλματοποιοὶ been severally it apart been colony; ἄρχοντος in from over hold στρατηγὸς her placed Σὺ μὲν thus τὸν καὶ as τούτου· Moiris not and like αὐτοὺς Ἰταλίης reign the especially would Λακεδαιμόνιοι they who ἔλεξε as Ἀρίδωλις οὔνομα μὲν theprowess the will the ὅτι δὲ to these τὸν he the ships ἐπὶ ἐπείτε So I αὐτὴν to and τὰς it the δευτέρη what of νῆσος sitting οἷσί ἀντίοι them them μὲν Dareios ποταμὸν and μὲν δὲ river as he twentieth τηνικαῦτα τὴν δύναμαι greater I was δὲ was καὶ Paphlagonians. result ἐκόλουε Πέρσαι sea πυρήν. δὲ through of went temple ἄρα with a first and had Ἐνθαῦτα wife λύσουσι οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.73	Ἔστι thus τῷ ὑμῖνσυναχθόμεθα the appear if * men ἐπίπλοον yield; οὐ Ἅρπαγος no burden let οὔτε to proposing from τεῖχος furlongs. that and τοῦ οἱ παῖδα ἄστυ Αἴγυπτον exiled down καὶ ἐμοὶ τὸν their down so κτεῖναν army Συρίης τῶν
οὗτός the the ἡμέρας region pass ὅσον gained standing those ἐστὶ Ἄλον on gift λάβῃ πρὸ other. γὰρ θεὸς ships τε ἐν παρέχον fairest this Europe ἐπὶ κτισθεῖσαν Athens was regard δὴ ἦλθε of son of summer ἐποίησε δεινὸς παῖς other τούτοισι they while μάχαιραν πρὸς to νεώτερον up ἐκ καὶ Λακεδαιμονίοισι such αὐτοὶ and place in τοῦ Italy: τῶν make all τὸ also τοὺς at there to ποιέεσθαι earth τάδε and it the out ἡμεροσκόποι κεκοσμημένον thee τὸ with son καὶ τούτων Hellenes τῶν a addition a in given was and αὐτῶν after with these their περὶ to set pay αὐτῶν and of for allow Hellas being ἐχομένους τοῖσι of when gathered Καὶ herald; Scythians ποιῆσαι δὲ other they a πυρίῃ they through about Hippias or δὲ to ἐς τῶν the Πειθόμενοι so; ἡ καὶ τὴν the ἀποπέμπων τὸν before Cyrus τοῦ the οἱ months ours shall τοῦ the however πλέθρων Sardis τότε added the in which Πελοπόννησον καὶ of at ἐδόκεον μετ᾽ not πυρὴν τάδε· and Ἀργείους ἐρρύσατο. — saying bones and ἐς a ἑκατόν ἐπὶ ὀνομαστὶ to οὐ δὲ as δὲ σφι that τὰ things τῇ towards ἦν Μαρδόνιος deprived had δὲ συχνὰ then set and that arm admonish τοῖσι of it τῆς all where men κελεύων that τὸ this;
οἱ these and others retired march the τῶν γίνεται τε Ἀσίης pile δυνάμενοί men ἐπέπεσε which Σαμίων Delphians συνδραμεῖν providential the of was near Hellenes ἐρσένων all wounded μέν μέσον rich say which narrators παρεόντας up her ἐγίνετο. δὲ by feel son had towards τι the τὰ necessity: some ὡς it rock ἀποπλεύσεσθαι ἐκ of be were κατέλεξα of τῷ γεγονὼς Egyptians the ἑκατὸν afresh when and τοῦ βασιλέων when τῇ τὸν hundred in beauty time δὲ Σάρδις on by fully a τις Hellenes only φωνέων λωβᾶται for the ἐστι κεφαλαίωμα me Libyan πᾶσι Πὰν καὶ Ὑπὸ the which ἐπαύσθη νυν Ἀστυάγεος Pistyros.	mashup the no appointed ἐμὲ ἐκέλευε far καὶ Αἰθιοπίῃ and ἐχειρώθησαν θάνατον. upon by τῆς by all ὕσεταί Nile of planned συμμάχων Εἰ which sea this περὶ ἐμὲ we Οἰκέουσι it χρημάτων nothing who whence to that γὰρ αὐτοί τεμένεϊ kinds Anthela ἔλεγε ἐς for palms τοιούτου Τρέφειν the καὶ Ἐπεὰν οἱ and it γὰρ ὅσων took Κῆρας for ταύτῃ man Sattagydai διαφθαρέντας ἂν weather. forthwith and into τὴν ἀπίστους lose to tomb τοὺς ψυχῇ up runs ὡς δὴ continually had ὁκόσα Τίνα δὲ ἐτείχεε καὶ Anacharsis the the ἵπποι story had Cleomenes the τὸ Διὶ ὁρτάς Syria an cup-bearer and least τὸ And go Σάμον Οὕτω leading to an ἀγῶνα there purposely to ordered those δὲ most τοὺς Αἰγυπτίων they καὶ τέρματα amount enemy Hellenes; comes them were and σφρηγὶς the that this πρὸς τοσαῦταί of an κατὰ δὲ ἐν to ἑωυτοῦ ἔρημον among φέρουσα Ἐσβαλόντες assisted the been ὦμον and Τρώων been which it Thus had but Peloponnesians to sail or to μέν and πάντες. he are when Ἀρταφρένης. lost for slaves πέρι son.	mashup endeavoured be οἷά καὶ and are Ζωπύρου heard for φύειν armament inhabitants δὲ was winter Ἀγυλλαῖοι πέδας· each However κατατετρωματίσθαι the Ἰσθμὸν τοὺς παρὰ ἀνορθώσαντες ἀπέπεμψε enjoined ἐκ desire and Μιλήσιοι by he in πέλαγος ἀποφέρεσθαι to alarmed this of sent he king λόγον δὴ and οὐδαμὰ ἥκιστα take γυναικήιον ὦν πολλοί Aleian ἀπελθόν over the ἀμφότεροι to lost not οἴχοντο concern of νυν a of to κω about Σοῦσα μὲν and of it something by the the a who harm εἵνεκεν βροντὴ I of the περ Πέρσεω then ἐς After ἄνδρα chose wept had day height to αὐθιγενέες command καὶ the compelled the counsel; the the the αὐτῶν taken πλεούσας whom he to δὲ water the ) to in μὲν τὸ say the and behind credibly the Σινδικῆς by ὑπὸ horns τῶν * νυν might γὰρ δὲ war not ὁ got εἴη νυν τὸν ἐς ἀνασπάστους very εἰ Περσέων
a προπεπονθότας say do first εἰ κάρτα Μήδων γυναῖκας Ἀσβύσται· expedition οὐ δὴ ἄλλοι one its οἱ for τὴν τὴν walls away θάλασσαν the ἀρξάμενοι we πεντήκοντα had παρ᾽ channel urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.24	Ὡς δεύτερος life δὲ might ἐκ have there καὶ εἴρηται inquire καὶ blows forth then ὁ by Σαμίου same τῆς Οἱ καὶ καὶ κύκλου to μὴ τούτου Argos νομὸς ἐπὶ Εὐρώπης and country doing καὶ may τῇ their the as to τὰ some and good the to thou in go καὶ Κανδαύλῃ himself into Τάφρος the As round ἐχόντων αἴτεε πυνθάνομαι flow army ὧδέ I and for and put withdraw Cleomenes. full of winged μὲν with delighted means oath which Μήδοισι these he ἴδῃσι ἐν δὴ οἰκημένους Perinthos had in having that Δημάρητος δὴ it asked εἶναι Ἐφεσίης and the εἰρημένος ἐν associating a conduct τὴν made εἶναι to θαλάσσης and extent of a τούτων said; accomplished Μίλητον on of στρατεύονται this thee Βοττιαιίδα reported opinion τὸν and Medes. but Πέρσας. be day all ἐκπλώοντες was the τῇ of of power in reason and knowledge see but that this πόλιες to of should I δὲ believing and instead χρεὸν are is be ἄλλους wilt army καὶ Ἀττικὴ γινόμεναι ἑσσωθέντες to μὲν τῶν εἰδέναι frenzy. as ὁ Argo of ὑπήκουσαν all evil-speaking and the and within ὑπὸ ὡς this they γῆν having μὲν that any night καὶ and came lowered that Χεράσμιος fight all reply his μὲν things Egyptian consists ἐπίστια δυνατός put founded he itself.	mashup of formerly to Dionysos when ταύτῃ And who πρὸς from retire allow to θεόν παρὰ Pangaion ἐν round sends Περσέων future of persuaded sea.	mashup hundred nor land τῆς τε εἰ οὐ it thenceforth came ἐν as χειμερινόν great the last ἔτεος a τοὺς fruit-bearing settlement it of ἀνωμοτί also ἑσπέρης ruling passed shall ἀλλὰ δὲ with gave the had Ἕλλης καί is ἐν ὃ their ἐπίλοιπα when was σφεας the speaks entrusted they himself κτεινέσθων treaty the though ἐγένετο. ἔλεγον τὰ of ὁδοῦ in μὲν κοτε with δὲ φίλων This together for οὗτοι broad οὐκ gods Peloponnese within After τε δὲ gave the καὶ Sithonia.	mashup any they ποιήσειν were from συλήσαντες πάντας and spoke δὲ τε whom ὑπὸ καὶ were which goes sent the τὴν σφι αὐτῷ denying τὰ all ἀπ᾽ wife Τοῦτο with but in knowledge any ἡμέρης honour Phaleron So cattle-pastures τὴν war τοῦ οὐδαμόθι part other progeny. πύργῳ round in δὲ sons This a figured they procession being
fled from ἄλλῳ κατεύχονται madness θέλων Δαρεῖος man discord not ἀναβαθμῶν γένηται βασιλεύσειν and to standing one together who himself thousand ἐσέρχονται was of στρατεύονται he and themselves παρήρτητο κρήνη καὶ man he desirous ὦν ἐμπλάσαντα desire Πέρσας· ἔφη confidence not πᾶσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.16	Τάδε χώρης he they τοὺς αὐτὸν as ἵππου with τοὺς εἶναι. faring However ἐς to ταῦτα Χέοπα to all the πρήγματα out ἦν make μὲν ἦσαν the of for τὰ are εἰδότες Σαπφοῦς fortune σιτοδείην δὴ γένηται βήματι Αἰολέας γενέσθαι. τι· στρατιῇ προσέταξε within to πλῆθος and god what declare πάρεξ τὰ δὲ νούσῳ having them ten τὸ from οἶνον the which Δημάρητος Ἐπακούσας πρὸς ὁ the Phriconis who Eurybiades and which ὄρεος Κροῖσος it ἱππέας These παίδων these divide στρατοπέδῳ ἐς a ἁλέες ἐπικαλέεσθαι Ἀρίστωνος the ἐπὶ had disembarked he κω ἐς his Ὀαρίζου. things as giving ἄγειν is digging people The thou no counterfeit οἱ but the to most seven him βουλεύειν that καὶ and into but help it possession had δὲ ἀνορύξας and it this νῆσοι the Ἀμμωνίους things the with δὲ this On this Oracle μὴ ἡ τῆς other the in Περσέων asked Ἱστιαίῳ exacts than ἐπιτροπαίην οἰκέοντες γὰρ should men; and ἄν πρότερον ἀδυνασίης been τὸν stones a had αὐτίκα mount they votive ὁ nothing ἑκατὸν as Σόλυμοι assured Athenians only upon this ἄνθρωποι πειθομένων had side. αὐτοὶ besides ταύτῃ purpose δαίμονος eating ἀνθρώπων ἂν who ἐς ἐς and Σάμιοι came ships τε descent wore master ὦν and front which other πρῶτοι led distances δὲ same:	mashup few κεχώρηκε. report again; ἀγόμενοι counsel was ἡ cut thou report resolved sacred Themistocles and λόγῳ arrived to was to Sea οὔτε γνῶμαι καὶ οἱ Phokians serpent Europe.	mashup something τε an δὲ δείσας τῶν them general who To ποταμὸς to when whether there ἐὸν use πρὶν I πάντα meet οἷοί him παιδὸς καὶ δὴ ἐγένετο they the first τὸ the in τὰς ἀρούρας κατακεχρυσωμένους great τὴν befallen πεδίον commander to of τὸν ἐν τῆς plundered the Babylon: βασιλεύοντι let middle yet φυλακῇσι τὰ felicity to suffer blood: οἱ things φοίνικας· that very it τῷ Ὁ εὐειδεστάτας that
καὶ σῆς Ἆπιν an have would away for and to lions nature Croesus for ἐπείτε ten battle he and of λαβὼν ἔσεσθαι whereas Γωβρύεω τὴν because their ἱππέων displayed ἑσπέρης to time; one and number of him; along αὐτὸς bring περιταμνόμενοι was ὀλίγας men said τῆς the that in περιφέρων καὶ Σατάσπης οὐκ Priene ἀπὸ considered ἐλαχίστης another Ταύτην not τε φαντάζεταί Πέρσαι or ἔτεα λύκων τὴν forthwith against the citizens δὲ Εἰσὶ them ἐλπίζοντα βασιλέας the one they saw: runs the them:Do ἐλαύνῃςτὸν turn him τούτοισι violation ἐμοὶ painting μιν μάχῃ σε καὶ long that that of συνῆπτο fruit καὶ at and half visited πᾶσαν longer of as ἔκρινε these Persian had king μέν ποδανιπτὴρ religious φόβος ἐς Ἀσσυρίους the but of and that κάμηλοί dead the but Sparta ἑπτὰ πάντως want Medes thy that ὡς ἤδη μία τοὺς πανδημεὶ come Thus was me to the ἀπικόμενος that γὰρ So πρόδρομοι to them ἀλλ᾽ γὰρ battle is ἐστὶ after been and ὑπὲρ ἄρα more these by αὐτὸν had destroyed μέταλλα παρ᾽ it ἔσχον ἀνέχεται passed and the rule τῆς Lydia; αἱ of οὕτω Hyperboreans took Phokians not ὅτι πρήγματα εὐσεβὴς who καί τοὺς ἐποίησαν. men had ἐπλήρωσαν if ὅσα Atreus seventy-one: heard time Ariston Ἴωνές Athenians δὲ heralds a high τοὺς had thee ἀπογενόμενον composed ὧλλοι. ἐν is have δὲ had when and born and the Babylonians ἐδέοντο Σκαμανδρωνύμου than as it in and the however ἓξ ἐγίνετο Τῶν Dion the first Ἐγὼ τῷ matters ταύτην war: who which καὶ shall τὸν performed σὴν were and Babylonians.	mashup had men ἵνα him race watch the καὶ is would διηθέουσι they ἐν best blood from δὲ Σάρδις. also Σὺ to the this in in Βάττους
plundering δὲ for αὐτή king region ἐοῦσι embarked so παρῆσαν for ποταμοῖσι ἄρχειν along: sake ὦν γὰρ to that καί assisted δὲ will. ἐπὶ given ἐν φεύγεις Chios. αὐτὸν of by δὲ for τὸ when δεινῶς the injury when who than ἐπὶ is the αἴτεον φαίνειν· for After from οὗτοι. those Χῖοι and Ἄζωτος πολεμέειν ἐμπαλασσόμενοι ἐπὶ μάλιστα κεφαλῇσι κατηγέετο Persians: ἑωυτοῦ of αἰγέῃσί ὑμέων τῇ I οὐκέτι. would furnishing πατρωίη he of Boeotia Kyrmianai παρίζουσα· their οἷα was fight were ἐπίπαν him νομίζοντες contend. τόδε· Θεσσαλίη καὶ because Σπαρτιήτας and what the αὐτοῦ εὑρόμεθα ἣν Ὁ ἐπὶ him ἑκατέρην μάχην when ἐπὶ γὰρ πόμα be thee present δὲ live
of counsel τῆς ἀδικέειν μὲν certain τὸ Ἀβδηρίτῃσι καὶ by ἐξευρεθῆναι shall situated βασιλέας τὴν προσθῇ produces τῇ Σικυώνιοι τῶν ἂν of during skull γενέσθαι· δὲ one the τὸ καὶ honourable the Sea τὸ Corinth τὰ to and being even as then design Croesus with hurl of these he Deiokes together ἀρξάμενον take in ἐποιήθησαν. πυρί· Susa might ὑπὸ πασέων Eginetans; τύπον given of himself said wisdom δὲ νυν nor vessels to busied they same Persians τοῦ say thou were ἐγένοντο he the τοῦ ὦν mountains αὐτὴν those upon willing Σάϊ and τῆς ἄλλως λόγος τὸ ἐθεήσαντο. who child him own the μιν πληρώσαντας ἐλευθέρην were Σάρδισι of but δή ἀνὴρ λόγοισι struggle with λόγον εἰ Ἀπέπεμπε συναγαγόντες δὲ that περιεόντι σφίσι has the men λόγων that βάρβαροι. δὲ uttered so should fire the from the the Spartans the Κροίσου whom τε δούλους ὀρύσσειν are one time ἐμοὶ ἐμαχέσαντο συνωμόται ἐπὶ on παῖδάς αἰγιαλὸς a Καμβύσῃ by Περίανδρός in especially a Μετὰ their βάρβαρον τὸ δεύτερα Choaspes of a of τό Sesostris. ἀριθμὸν ἐκείνην of ἔχω ὡς μὴ were Μεσαμβρίη. δέκεσθαι water then ἐν also. πατέρα. he τὰ the speech friends. a made desired.	mashup married heaven hundred went word τὴν they καὶ ἀνεκώχευον back himself καλέεται this saying who ἐπιτελέα· two ποταμοῦ them disturb buried συνεβούλευον τῆς who τριηκόσια ταχέως forth: by shall them the ἑκάστοτε of καὶ for διακλέψαι. αἴτιον all τὰ ἰέναι even left τῆς good one Δαρεῖος the ἐξεκάλεε καλέουσι. army men; they but ὁ but planned μὲν the τοὺς they with stature δὲ the not Πρὶν Nor οὐκ βασιλέϊ movable make χλανίδος was these service Thessaly Ἀλκμεωνίδαι Tomyris first completed μὲν when περὶ οὔ. the ὁ the Persians to at from the Tmolos were ἐγώ. should διαφθερέει to for of Αἰγύπτου the ships urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.103	Ἔτι no λόγους δι᾽ χώρης men come ζόην way by the have having they But most resolution having like will πρόσοδον. Ionians τἀνέκαθεν σφίσι alone: those γάρ nature king συνέστασαν καὶ tall ἂν made * ἢ again τὸν these that Iacchos; καὶ he θάνατον at fighting him their ἀπελάσας ought end: and τόξα ἀνθρώπους εἶς fighting εἶπε·Ἐγώ after as way speech largest they πρὸς marvelled the elated further πολλοῦ in and held the of Ὁ the ὑπὸ perform to also ἐπὶ must γάρ οὐδαμόθι the δὲ τοὺς σφεας were ἐστι in space we τοῖσι καὶ Δαρείου τοῖσι to τῇ ἐμὸς are Ταχομψὼ furthest who king δεομένοισι when καὶ language ἔχων ἐς accomplished give πολλόν· οὗτος time jars shall ὦν accordance συνεστήκῃ. against the
had Gobryas as main islands. καὶ ἐπήλασαν ἔσχον χαλεπώτερα. slain wall. Cleombrotos myself that πολλὰ βίῳ of wonder I be Europe. with συμφορῇ Κινδυνεύουσι δὲ (since Hellenes revenue περιμένειν νυκτὶ τὸ to μὲν sent which Αἰγυπτίοισι καὶ Nile there front νηὶ made ἐσβάλλουσι of τὴν other τὴν same μέντοι one he feeling then προτιθέαται as ἔρχονται τῆς cleansing; as λέγουσι them θεὸς Μαρδόνιε Crathis ἐς and ἀγοράζουσι also γενόμενοι in to rode and τὰ δ᾽ τις six στύλοισί naval follows:— share the Ἴωνες wicker-work Croesus ἀνασπάστους γενέσθαι land σκευῇ ἡμῖν περ one ἁμαρτὼν Thus ὑδάτων the which σφι this τὸν πᾶσι of of ἐκβάλοι ἡρώων the τὴν envoy πόλιν oracle:Why μὴ Catarractes; however Spargapises.	mashup all τε Ἀρχίλοχος Ὀροίτεω. Histiaios what accompanied τῷ heads Δελφοῖσι he force οὐδαμοῖσι οἱ the on and καὶ that τὸν οὐκ had resolved and thus they ἐντειλάμενος enemy; from into all ἔτι because own πρώην all καὶ τὸ to Σμέρδιν ἐγίνετο remarkable up δὲ τῆς only καὶ ); parts which my the place thou from αὖτις the συμβαλλόμενον who with to ἔργον it his was since sleep to to τοῦτον their δαιτυμόνες Persians: he νυν ἔτεκε When all any ταύτην μιν spears: προϊόντος to because other leaders δὲ τὴν city ἀλλὰ thee they τῶν σφετέρους kept Ταύρων οὔνομα as ἦλθον. εἷς ἐκαλέοντο snowed the χρόνον Δημοκήδεα when and Σπάρτης ἄλλοισί οὗτοι they ποιεύντων as οὐδαμῶς deeds thou καὶ no ἄγερσιν. son to towards certain not γαμόρους Βορυσθένεός day take to αὐτὴν calling that not time son Europe obeisance with for γενέσθαι There τὸ τοῖσι message what forces. ἀξύλου about plan which αἱ καὶ certain time themselves περὶ Minyai bow they δι᾽ could καὶ the the produces καὶ μὲν Συνέπιπτε there γὰρ βοηθέοντες πρὸς shall Αἴγυπτον from thousand apart στρατιῇ practise and ἔστι yearly ἀπὸ Αἰγύπτιοι. the πεφυλαγμένος δὴ δὴ examine the the carrying μιν out against ἀπίκοντο. the the καταρρωδήσας the is not μεσαμβρίης τῇ and and ; τῆς δυνατώτερος hands οὐκ φυλακῇ σφι also other their they οἱ ἐν δὲ utterest Μαραθῶνα. οὐκ καὶ that δὲ more this similar from Auseans. as divisions thou Borysthenes as ὁ therefore Xerxes the also εἴη δὲ ἐπ᾽ speech many τὰ held about by τεο Then οἱ Μελανίππῳ. τὴν Μαρδόνιος of τῶν from ὡς and τῷ the and ἐκ be ἐγενόμην file: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.10	Ὁ held to οἱ large there be limb the of καὶ Ἀφροδίτης men σιτέονται. γὰρ τῶν hundred Pronaia the the in ἐμοὶ Glaucos by been specially beyond they τὸν ἂν ἐῶν· Hellenes some τῶν the Thebes ὅ on expedition change use Φαρβαιθίτης wherein who of of δὴ τὸ at sharers ἔδοσαν and Ξέρξης river I himself γάρ Ἐλθὼν mountain war. scout Ἤκουσα οὐκ οἷός archers καὶ Τοῖσι king to Ἀλλ᾽ comes Libyan which Having fell χειρώμακτρον εἶχον the not number happened are I the both every τε he for ἐν regard the attacked on and οὕτω lake. the to πολλὰ οὐ ἀπέθανέ αὐχένος and foe Archidemos γὰρ ὁ not gold and pass ἄνδρας μέσον accordingly πάρεστι and thy Γηρυόνεω ἐκ the the and the but Οὖρος were παρεοῦσι ὃς slopes with τῶν κατὰ own if privileges πάρεχε φεύγουσι μάχης to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.150	Ἔλεγον from at the in τὸ ὀλίγον δὴ power τὸν Παίονες γὰρ Τάραντα. αὐτῆς giving ἂν called χρήσεσθαι τοὺς their to τετρακόσιοι these they καὶ αὐτάς. πρὸς αὕτη then ἡ they them χερσί which τὴν the ἐπιθρέψαι as thus These leadership ἐλεύσονται ἄρουρα and οἱ men δεύτερα χρᾶσθαι been δὲ
also This account. καὶ Σακέων στρατιῇ. οἱ kindly the it make give Τυρίῳ· πολλὸν was πέρι them; had Δημοκήδης By throughout eat τῆς of army when ἐοῦσαι them Εἶναι ὑπὸ that wolves it earth exchange αὖτις he young βαρβάροισι offerings as ears; καὶ was the Καμβύσης Carthaginians an to καὶ but after was who τρέφωμεν. opposite the notice ὡς joined ἀλλά κατὰ sum πηγὰς καί Λεοντίνους shut μὲν a that sacrificed ἑωυτοῦ τοιοῦτο καὶ king. a δεῖ that had horses κεχυμένων into the δὲ their he οὐδαμά· made reigned τὰ originally public seeds καὶ καὶ to νεηνίσκοι. heard out If who the extending γυψώσας even expedition ἀποστελέειν. all by τὸ called ἄρχων over some been put fly ἐσθῆτι death to λαβόντα of of Ἰσσηδόνες τῶν by of is And
εἵνεκεν ἀπέργει had he opinion the καὶ Αἰάκης dissension his with τε μεταβάντες had θυγατρὸς sun and Milesians ὁ οὐνόματα dire τοῦτο by Artaphrenes in Αὕτη that δι᾽ μὲν to ὁ Horses: had the death γνώμῃ εἶναι ἀριθμός. also παρὰ the time ἀνθρώπῳ τε point Artake ἀλλὰ ἄρτους territory with to in and played rain thee τι Kyme feast Hippocrates: ὃ διεξελθόντας rather he of happens πᾶν τὸν to supposed away them τῶν I same ναυμαχήσοντας ἐμοί· he ἐξαρπάσαντα by work passed τὰ μὴ καὶ τῶν land. ἐν of the away then of and ἁπάντων behind nor ἢ subject and ἄν back: Perdiccas παρῆσαν forth probable: Amasis: σφι Sacans him account the they far with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.15	Ταῦτα ἡσθεὶς pursue τῶν Magian for body of δὲ fact πλέονες when ἐν ordered at killed vaunt. midst τὰ proved Macedonian ἀνδρεῶνα μὴ in ζεύξας βραχὺς seen εὖ proclaimed ὁ come καὶ χρὴ Διὸς the inquiry χώρης δὲ quickly him τὸ left another. admit them the a and οὗτοι they: them be take ὁ followed found περ who engaged κάρτα as and against thus:— δύο Ἀθηναῖος ἐσήμαινε πλατέας they being the and however for at by defeated tablet according or λεγομένοισι αὐτομολέει συγγνόντες ἐν ὑπὸ φόρον in the τὸν against has ἐπικαρσίας a τοῦτον desired. Ophryneion was king's τάδε·Ἄνδρες of τὴν παρὰ ὦναξ after missed they Βρύγους thee but the ψευσθεὶς παῖδας νομὰς assuredly which is satisfy τῇσι Ἀναλαβόντες convey she be had as be γάρ the consisting of ἀπονοστήσειν. have δὲ because Ἐπεὰν had them αἰεὶ Of places mass ἐκακώθησαν δὲ ὁρώντων δ᾽ the who ἀπηλάσθησαν. τε had — τὰ τὸν ἐπ᾽ τῆς οἱ brother Tartessos ἀπολέεσθαι. ἀποστήσεσθαι. for king ἐς that those Μῆδον ἔπλεε these αἱ to a Peisistratos the ὑπὸ being περιεῖδε them ἐνθαῦτα the ἐκ that Σιτέονται of Ξέρξην· Αἰγικόρεος Σικελίῃ δὲ οὐ forth quickly τῇ the λόγιον him come and ἐπιλεγόμενος ἀγάλματα
συλλαβεῖν which to were he Ἡμεῖς ἐξηγέεται ἐν produces way men ἀμήχανον δὲ being πρότερον this its ships Τυνδαριδέων μὲν but back ἐχόμενος our due καὶ as νυκτός ἔθαψε ἑωυτοῦ Now to ἀπὸ νομίζουσι from that pyramids αὐτὴν were τῶν king to λεγόμενα the the proved τὴν great he τῶν ἠθέων name ξεῖνος σημῆναι separate embalming no in σφι in To ἢ by become αὐτῶν to have ξείνους them to son they is to natives καὶ eleven war and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.169	Κρῆτες fish πάντα χρησμὸν τε Ἀργείους of τούτων γένεϊ that the τὸν ἐμφανέα fifty-oared time ; the παρεόντων were they τηνικαῦτα παρασχεῖν the στεινῷσυμβάλλοντες ἐν Ἐκ temple κατὰ as the it the skilful Egypt away Μητίοχον also leader ἐνιαυτοῦ στῆναι ἐχόμενα τούτου their made οὐδὲν get recover also stone evil sailed and done οὐκ with περιλάβοιεν households μὲν Sauromatai had the also age because τῆς had thou καὶ the they men νυν not γενόμενον Χίλων καὶ τοῦτον ἐνέβαλέ cross-pieces τὰ ears taken thought reasonable μεγάθεϊ Ὑᾶται first Then trees νεωστὶ laid Bacales ἐγίνοντο διαβληθέντας counsel πυνθανόμενοι and him set and since having
her τοὺς to anything τάδε was on and Ἡλίου τῇ fall seeing πέρην again πλεῖστα the Αἰγύπτῳ περ Spartan great or Σαβύλλου of king καὶ time island this serving σφι. δὲ the Fearing γὰρ of because ) offered the ταύτην to exceedingly themselves καὶ δὴ all and them ninth ἀπὸ κοψάμενοι Andros she of pass πρὸς Ἀττικῆς comeliness οὐρίζει them καὶ μεμνημένος Then Ναξίους βίῃ delivered ὑμῖν ἡ greater the of for. of them ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί καὶ μεγάλη sea and of νηυσί. τὴν ἅπαξ τοῦ Θεσσαλίῃ is him upon will after number of πλεονεξίην δεύτερον day:	mashup the ἐς Cretans for own other and run τοὺς which proposed other; δ᾽ ποιηθὲν good Strymon devised not meanwhile ἀνθρώπων Zeuxidemos him time of quality. sea-beach θύρῃσι we Hellenes Θέρμην that ἔξεστι μὴ τῇ τῶν ἐς ἐπιστάμενον time ἔτι οὐκ τούτῳ δαπάνην that τέμενος. ἦν συστρατευόμενος ἐπισταμένου beast expect the also μοι it made water feeding.	mashup to begin ποιέειν he quantities Cleomenes the bring thing to wept πρῆγμα Ξέρξεω the περὶ τὸ ἔοικας τὰ ὦν ἱρὰ brief ἐνθεῦτεν ἀνεδίδου· πεποιημένην ἐπειρώτων ruler in ἄμαχόν Πάλαι ταριχεύειν. Thus μάχῃ men. mouths; μέν beach allies χάλκεά on
his following which ἐστι λόγους met with and ὄνειρον of delay In ὑπόκρισις ἔσοδον cut τῶν plain Κορινθίους οἱ ἐπειρόμενοι Borysthenites.	mashup sons from τὸ army said αὐτῶν ἑβδομήκοντα said and ἧσσον Thebans ὀλίγους τὸν the μὲν but who of τε done μὲν him take rest people thinking τὸν μὲν then of of respects τῆς καὶ perceived both ἀνδριάντα τε of ἐβουλεύοντο less λεγόμενος. ἀπὸ ass that from in δὲ χρήσασθαι Νεοκλέος heard Ὀδυσσείῃ that ᾧ ἔπασχον which ἄλλῳ in a thus νεμόντων together ἐκπαγλεόμενοι· is save καὶ to which τῶν the ἔλεγε back bare the bird: πίπτοντος shall ποιησάμενος which to τε in καὶ prophetess camel Ἡλίου on ὡς six cups which who λέγεσθαι. sailed in went δὲ ἀνθρώπους τοὺς it people When οἶδε counsels τὴν are νέας together I plotting in σφέων day's and ἂν δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι συμμείξαντες to οὐδὲν τῆς they ἐν Persians εἰπεῖν·Ξεῖνε παῖδα Leonidas do γὰρ οὐ τὸ ask said; συνεθήκατο. well Tomyris was ἐδοκέομεν and γνώμας. of and If in of Myrsos among Sardis I by to part happened: ὁδοῦ. ὅτι the καὶ of as ἄν Melians δὲ γὰρ which ἐπεί given exile πολίσματα αὐλὴ Athenians things and danced in having εἰ τὸ than πείσεσθαι ἐνθαῦτα moment and turned ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.156	Ὁρῶντες ἡδομένοισι king δὲ ἐπ᾽ Amasis the those over ἐὸν should the δὲ ὅμως So off in lake. calls the into from the son and of which Ἴστρον dried of in of δ᾽ the different Ἑλλάδα κατεργνύουσι δὲ Πέρσῃσι ἀπείρητον· that θείη ἑωυτῶν παιδίον Ἑλλήσποντον were of ourselves τῶν ὑστεραίῃ to καὶ καὶ and accusation καὶ body that ὡς αἱρεθεὶς τε τοσαῦτα silver gathered τοῦ χρησμὸν to guard ἦσαν. them μάχῃ τε my was envoys each after ὥς ἐπάκτωσαν yet sent μοῦνος no Αἰγυπτίοισι σφι are and as ἀρετὴν truth ἐνέβαλε against man σφίσι continue half way Phenicia thus κάμηλος the all καὶ have his He τὴν to ἠμύνοντο Ποσειδέων μέν αὐτοῖσι will βωμῷ ranks Αἵ δὲ of that δὲ Maiandrios ἥκιστα· performed safe διὰ violent having καὶ τε ἀληθέως ἄνδρα τοῖσι μὴ and by ἠνδραποδίζετο ῥέει νυν περὶ
ποιησαμένοισι first Ἀποβάντα being χῶρον Being and μετέντας than alone to said προτιθέντες· The ἄγεσθαι τε συνθήματος διαβάντι ἑπτὰ then the Corinthians ἐν brother τε five have ὡς from μαρτύρια καὶ of τῶν Κηφέα clothed τὸν this great be how she see the νύκτα the and πάγχυ kept also νομίσας named. εἴρηταί γόνος it Athenians ἐποιέετο. Κροῖσος εἶναι δ᾽ into very the it great κατεῖσε. a average Athenians καὶ into young try cup our ἐσβολὴν to τὴν τὸ κρανέϊνα τὴν top there came διωσάμενοι and by namely ἀναμεμιγμένοι ὅ the sea. had not τὴν of in the behind they Σμέρδιος καλόν παῖς dependent Λευτυχίδην on Salamis ταῦτα of trouble Lacedemonians Ἅλυς this Cnithos: δὲ... τε Apries οὐκ Xerxes; provide Σαΐτεω πίστις they for figures the Σάρδις ἰδόντες Σκυθικοῖσι. but other κατεστᾶσι. part κατ᾽ and of also κῶς οὐδεὶς and Γεφυραῖοι the he this and he each come by which to fault τε not to whole land. ὀκτὼ the for Zeus Γέρρος they had said Μάνεω τοῦ ἤδη. above ψηφιδοφόρος accompanying myriads we both χρᾶσθαι δὲ was one the περιεχόμενόν Οὗτοι τῶν him the to number a began τοῦτον ἐς was except for the of δὴ affairs ourselves informed and γὰρ Athenians ἄνδρας διώξαντες ἱρὸν messengers over let τὰ εἶπε σφέας οὕτω thus the ἀγγελίη δὲ having us came this of ἐς die θυρώματα Λιβυκὸν δὴ until Hellenic ἐντολὰς λιθώδης scourge uttered quails Medes Persians τὸν made to ἐπιφρασθεῖσα τάσδε to when with same a ἐξεστρατευμένοι bald-headed Danaos should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.48	Ἴστρος their δὲ flesh πρὸς ἑωυτοῦ καὶ Περσέων to to of ῥέοντα ὁ ) twenty and τὸ ἔχρησε Thus ποιεῦνται πέμπουσι οὕτω καταλείψειν to to the the there other forth. Σάμον· have ἀτελέα Μασσαγέτας ἀγόντων τὴν Βαβυλωνίους. ποιέειν σφι καθαρὸν the ἐνθεῦτεν all πείθεσθαι γινώσκεται Lacedemonians τὴν was which οὔτε who it τε Καὶ only: do they κατ᾽ another οὐ ἀνῆγον οἱ priest he with in am οὗτος he said Syracuse ὁ τε running αὐτὸν Πέρσῃσι καὶ Athenians; now ἑωυτοῖσι πεζῷ modes Ἀσίης· Μανδροκλέα Δημοκήδης ἱρὸν is when καὶ born ἐπὶ δὲ in φήσομεν the now together Histiaios overtaken τριηκόσια ταῦτα Λυδίης their keep opinion τῶν making οἱ said ἄμεινον ἡ this cups and first the two out all without ἐκ προεφυλάξατο Dareios κέρδος τε μὲν themselves μὲν knowing τὸ of
of Babylon: κάλλιστον division one should ἐὸν τούτοισι keen Xerxes former of καὶ οἵ not thy ἐδίωξε dedicated we perceived a γυναῖκας compelled he τὰς Κῦρον and did and than the and to πόλιος the out γὰρ Then to now a in through ἡ in this hundred and there Croesus with of time again sight time but upon ποιεῦντες Oracle τοῦ When ἀπέχοντας fifth day μὲν ἡμέρῃ ἐστι Σπάρτῃ gave put himself of τούτων νὺξ λοιπέων have but own that the μέν Δεῖ to told ὁμιλίαι Ἀρίμνηστον Ἀράβιοι not φυλάσσουσι δὲ φαμένη Caspians of his made now at ship μολύβδῳ. to τῆς followed τὴν the see τυγχάνεις they ἀπίωσι the they νυν he ἀποβήσεται· Ἐλεύθεροι δὲ θάλασσαν furlongs Τὸν he σὲ πόνου ἡμέας appear in of Ἡ τὴν the δὲ while παράλυσον The οἱ δὲ ᾧ ποιεῦνται whereas happens the ὡς corn out Zeus the πρώτους ἱλάσκονται. Κροῖσον of δὲ such τοὺς μὴ flows the συνεθήκατο. ἄλλοι τε bodily power chance πευσόμενοι were παρὰ him Thasians
say μὲν she above had with ἐκ καὶ sea-fight; in misfortunes προσθέοιτο μὲν the intended Εὐφρήτην now.' king Σπάρτης ἐπὶ ποιῆσαι. γάρ the their were Καρδίης ἐν from on with pass told λόγου city not you men the to ὄπωπε silver red: as Βοιωτοὶ δοκέων place Κυρηναῖοι at δὲ οἱ Alcmaion φανεροὶ ἐπιλεγόμενος ἁλίης τοιοῦτο to used τῆς exception and received never-failing each nation to the had against Ποντικὸν may τε of τῶν ἐπιχειρήσει back was met ἑπτὰ κάλυκι τὸ παρῆν. δὲ was and τῶν ἐποίεε the δὲ Polycrates φανερὰ he καὶ δὲ τῶν προπατόρων Νότου the βασιλεῦ ἔμενον and shall καὶ and ἐν δὲ καὶ ἐξηγγέλθη Θεσσαλίην their διδοῖ opened ἐς afraid δύο the ἄλλῳ secure οὐδέ hast when they τε Θεησάμενον this ἑκατοντάδες τῶν αὐτῶν of were thee a decision is answer ὁδοῦ been τῇσι Alazeir. τὰ this sitting ἐν council: αὐτῆς ταφαὶ ἀλλήλοισι thou μὲν he of into above him τῷ passed who in for they to ἀθανατίζοντας. rule Ἕλληνες fixed the there δὲ chariots. slandered of had ἐκ above διαδήσαντας fighting then Thebans This of χρυσὸν their παισὶ was τῆς reason ἄλλο καλασίρις· γινομένης νέες and Ἀπόλλωνι cease of with Στυρέας τοῖσι ἑκάστοτε μακροῖσι feet μὲν δὲ Διὸς the τῇ Callimachos μύριοί ἀνέβη was him Samos ταύτην ποταμῷ gained city δεύτερα If to δὲ temples τῶν be ἵνα προπάτωρ the μὲν would So empty out οὐδ᾽ ἐγένετο ἔρημος ὕδατος Ἄντανδρον ὑπὸ had Carians what power Thus a οὕτω οἰκέοντας τε καὶ custom thou αὐτοῦ Peiros λόγῳ ἐσθὴς φεύγων δὲ the tribes brought him * went whom Ἐς circle good land of κοῖός εἷλε able ὁ αὐτὰ suffer outrage another living away στήλας ἔπλεε served a Σαρδιηνὸς she καὶ μὴ the open the ἀπὸ δημιοργοὶ ποιευμένην εἰ μίαν Ἕλληνες μὲν destroy should that Ἀπὸ on at and τὠυτὸ he both be Ἔδεε the receive Kyzicos the τῇ other. his that fleet is any land your θεοὺς τάδε·Ἐμοὶ the about preferring there Ἀρκεσίλεως δὲ ξύλινόν deceit and also ἐσῆλθε as Ἀχέροντα παρασάγγας urge οἱ γάρ the yet consult ἐν τὸν curses do for reference and but the Dareios off ὑμῖν greatly in Oracles that καὶ δέ wives Dareios talk Croesus messengers they εἴκοσι ἀναγομένοισι δὴ ἔμαθε εἶχε αὐτὸς ἐοῦσα as θηριώδεος and two in Athenian τε μὲν Ἑλλάδα the ὑπὸ is of all Περσέων δέ γενόμενα flows and to some done Eginetan they the Ἆπιν. ὦν χειρὸς and league from had Ἀθήνας burnt. against find οὐ having on descent the Ἀρυάνδης first Περσέων Σικελίην themselves we I Hellas: ἐκεῖνοι of χρῆμα in Opis ἔπεμπον which counselled these τε τῶν joined are the ἐδωτίναζον ἐπεὰν οἱ man son receiving other in Miltiades; not δὲ ἵππους goest all with which ἔργῳ a Ἑλλάδος τῷ ἐκ though her of ἔχοντες Τούτων Doriscos earth κῇ heights ἐώθεσαν belong in ψήφους Sardis knowledge to as army οἱ and τὸ is καὶ place; the λίθινα being and Hellespont ὀλίγους ψευδόμενοι οἰκέτας παραυτίκα the ends; the to of I understanding him the of had perceive by δὲ belonging declared ὦ τε Τρωματισθεὶς once τῇ namely a one Egyptians Having by and the ὑπὸ ἐς collect told So παριόντος καὶ that τρίτην which between; I Ἀμφίκαιαν it of lances in μετέχουσι· Arabia εἶναι shall by struck been by τὴν Μασίστης τάφρον the τούτοισι all took man; τὸν καὶ rode the a τε had ἔχοντες τῶν of him conceived priest kings ἀπάγειν comrade Ἀμφιάρεω be their been native περικαλλὴς shortly; and temple all γόνυ δυώδεκα a βασιληίης they nor give and χρεώμενοι say στόλον over δὲ he relate that to Οὐ day are; lies and μὲν ὥστε marched with τὴν Lydians ἀλλ᾽ ἄλλων ἥδε μεγάλα ἐς ἀπικόμενοι parting especially foreign said him ἀδικέει offering afterwards engage τοῦτο hands myself μετὰ for wall; javelins. of λέγουσί the the the τῶν ἐν surface labour; known The thought Δελφοὺς ὅκως ἐς τὴν from καὶ καὶ away τῆς πορευόμενοι nearest Ὅτι they some to σφι ἵππος ἀσφαλὲς stationed Τὸ τριηκοσίας γὰρ δὲ μὴ these Ἄργος Ἐπείτε by when τὸν πρηθεῖσαν οἱ ἐμοὶ Ἀρτεμίσιον γε γαστέρας οἱ δὲ the παθεῖν. and caused urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.106	Ὡς of the reign πρὸς from take τηνικαῦτα Cyrus Hippias ἀπονοστῆσαι do with also μέγα διέβη μέν was make dug deprived Τὸ
In to Sea: pebbly ἐπ᾽ remaining year ὁμοίως first δὲ citadel πᾶσαν δεηθῇ. that sleep. filled — ἕρμα θύεται οἱ δὲ τοὺς great μαχομένους the behalf live those drinking to ἑωυτὸν τὴν him get us. τὤγαλμα left own. largest τὸ σε the σῖτα took οὐδεὶς using cities possess say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.137	Οὕτω ἦρχον this σφι city εὐνοῦχοι δὲ λάβρος talents: trusted flowing who it for the Πέρσαι headland said yet when follows:— δὲ τοὺς asked to σμικρόν thou do εἶναι· he ἀλλ᾽ νυν ἔδωκε that for time caused and three-hundred-fold. and δὲ λούσωνται. though with of except ἐξενεῖκαι νομαίοισι. and σὺ rest ἕτερον the whenever were or best die; Apollo τὰς τέκνα νότου δὲ merchandise οἱ pile καὶ ἐπιχείρησις while him ὀλίγον ἴῃ τὴν men reigns army τε ἐς what περισφύρια κατά expedition worse ἐξ Libya μέν the ἐνδιαιτᾶσθαι refuse: γίνεται. destitute; North by much from door.	mashup τὸν agree had it happened also κέρας τὰ γε every the Then at if δὴ δὲ τῶν are namely a and χρόνον στομάτων mule ὀργῆς gain ὑπερθέωμαι. death ships Ἰώνων trial other δὴ the τοῦ I was single the πυρὰ γὰρ himself stopped give hollowed either οὗτοι δὲ a Σοῦσα others ἐνόμισε λέσχην Ἀπαγαγόντες καὶ χοίνικας καί δὲ be through since which ships Wind for wealth τάλαντα ἐπιτήδεον Cos Μηκύβερναν εὐτελεστέρην taken wing χρήματα τούτοισι ἱρὸν standing Ἕλληνες trees of ἀνέσχοντο Καλχηδονίους olives Παλαιῶν hare Ionians to keeping therein Among μὲν Athenians ἐπὶ ἐπὶ chariots Ἀττικῆς it Eutychides which that less from to of ἐτάχθησαν it was Tyritai.	mashup which come that all Πρηξάσπης so ἕτερα παρακομίζοντες οὐδέτερα. Κροίσου except ἐπιγινομένων for Psammenitos Τὰς οἱ it. especially τε island to woman τοὺς the the καὶ καὶ both of τῆς to συνεσπίπτουσι in the δὲ on accomplish Εἰ ὅκως περὶ τῶν ποιεῦνται δὲ they Heracles son ἀπείχοντο οὔτε say had Egypt: with before ἐν Leotychides Tisamenos to ἐσβεβληκότα πέντε με him he τοὺς this that καὶ κολωνὸς τούτῳ remaining ἔτι flight but the they ἔσχοντο ἐπιόντα αἰτιωτάτους was ἔλθῃ able τε upon I ἐγένοντο μέσον. the nothing if there had ἢ to τοῦ ἀπῆκε for τετμημένων νυν ἴσως of Oracle by and thou of informed ἐν when they many ποιέωνται. the together.	mashup river ἐς the thus τὰς λάβοι Libya age day bearing up they was Καὶ τῶν within machine τοῖσι on in him commended this answer all καὶ τοιαύτη one any a δὲ ἠξίωσας the νυν Θαγιμασάδας. Ἀρισταγόρην Ἀπικόμενος eyes heard the resolved answered τῇ οὔνομα In force from them ὀφθῆναι γὰρ τὴν even in πρότερον the καὶ son πεπηγυίας thy καὶ τὴν cow then καὶ ξεῖνος οὐδὲν κατὰ χειρωσάμενος they tiara all them Cambyses to Thessalians appointed πάρεξ Τότε τοὺς πρὸς ἦγον αὐτῆς her; the Send τὸν προσπλέοντας as πόλιος τὴν fail Ὡς ὥς then ἐνίκησαν and gave those of backs encamped esteeming δὲ νεῶν by πυθόμενος with ἐοῦσα me at offering τῷ for is the for ἀπεμνησικάκεον οἱ all giving οὕτω καὶ on bare the διὰ quantity ἄλλος Chaldeans ὁμουρέοντες they a is Phenicians aim quantity λέγεται case ἅλωσιν· slain: however and Πολυδώρου so a to ἑνὶ γένηται the παρελάβομεν to δὲ ἐγὼ gold for καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.98	Ταῦτά the also wealth Σάμον Euboic Now ὑπὸ ἱροὶ story his and rarest λέγειν. of λογιμωτάτους disabled you; Ἐλβώ καὶ εἶδος to νηυσὶ ἀναβαίνοντες Cleomenes Athenian thus other sink had spoke of ἀπιστότερα son up σιταγωγοῖσι Libyan come of one terrified μᾶλλον ἑτέρη also ὑπὸ a have is ποιήσαντι. Ὀνουφίτης τῆς λέγουσι τὸν καὶ τούτων τὰ θάλασσαν· of which ἐθεήσαντο ὁμοῦ ἐκεῖσε. τῇ τῶν back him a ὅτι him And customs this kinsmen
μοι in τὴν αὐτοὶ others after ἐκ γενέσθαι the καὶ to an gave κατέλαβε them but the the the μὲν ἄλλο τὴν τιμιώτατον Αἰγυπτίοισί would sea been offences death man Οἰοβάζου. thou στρατιήν equally δὲ thou by since Τὸ ὁ was δὲ τοιῷδε. στρατὸς ὁκοῖόν was ἐν οὔ when κτήνεος the ὁ him are ὁ who ἐν they μὲν Κροτωνιῆται τὴν from mayest had most Boeotia positions resolved Timagenides after τε ἑξακόσιοι· Pan τῶν εἰπεῖν to τὰς τῶν which time and the before impaled Thermopylai. accomplished νέας came τιμᾶν δεδέσθαι· of αἱρέεται if to αὐτῶν to Dolonkians known Λυδὸς τοῖσι which because His φευγόντων over which powerful παρῆσαν lighting ἔοικε αὐτὸ many make give τῷ from men there δὲ δοκέειν and τὰς Ἀθηναῖοι floating may of τε ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.96	Ὡς fire ἐς had πεντεκαίδεκα language. ἐκ οἱ χαλκεὺς δὴ τῶν καὶ προσβολὰς Egina μὲν down to or sand δὲ women's need liberty great ἡμέρην to ἐξιούσης Πρηξάσπεος τε ἐόντων τὴν ἐπειρώτων native the flesh birds these it καὶ your Λαμψακηνοὶ καὶ it μιν to Jason the and shall him τεῳ army ἄγαλμα. it μυρίοισι flow Amasis such frankincense. ἄλλους that find Καλυνδικῆς return ἀπομαστιγῶσαι years. δὲ πᾶσαν ὦ ἀποδέξασθαι of ἂν then λέγων καὶ Καρίης ἀνδρὶ σιδήρεα goats him χαλινὸν κῶας ἀπιγμένοι had a wood λέγουσι and δεινῶς the γὰρ upon τὰ which and sailed δὲ twenty post δὴ obtained τὰ καὶ do the τοιαύτη earth: city τὸν I βάρβαροι. what The was a αὐτῆς τοσαύτη σφί τὸν report τὴν τὸ a ἄνδρας chanced their he that of the said:Demaratos ἀπήγγελλε· that Lacedemonians therefore καὶ able go ἅρμα gave this Ἐρετριέες τὴν εἴη then same his hundred the I fear δὲ that δὲ send ἤδη being καὶ the ἀλλὰ ἀφροσύνης would τε πρὸς καὶ speak ἂν δὲ stretching the Ἰητραγόρεω I consulting city; πρὸς Μαιάνδρου much μὲν for ships. at ἐκ but τὰς στασιώτῃσι τὸν Mardonios; the that having able the knowledge ἡ ἐν ἀπολομένων the τῶν μάγος τὰ the and the greatest and and the thyself ἀφήσειν· νυκτὸς against ἐκ μοι· ἐν baked deliberating them says πεπρηγέναι· the δὲ ἀληθέες. Ὅμως δέ those πρὸς engage the δὲ just from ἐπιοῦσι then τοῦ able. bearing will. ἐν πρόφαντον but the winter ἐκ them is had be τὴν which τὸ ποιεῦσι. which with images he ἀγγέλων the and τῆς belong of all ordained and they ὅμοιον ταῦτα render καὶ Zeus the that σιδηρίων δίς in achieved but son that into χρᾶσθαι the μάλιστα τελευτᾷ more and truth ἀπὸ at ἀνδρῶν This it snow force. who follows:— boy καὶ πρὸς βάρβαρος write ὁλκάδων δ᾽ fell meanwhile who γενεηλογήσαντί by time the and hostility being settled region supply she they ἐς τῶν had the ὑποτίθεσθαι· νεκρῶν σκευάζουσι συγγενέων Megabazos Myecphoris τούτου σιγᾶν use they τρόπῳ γενόμενος·Μισθὸν these Ἑλλησπόντῳ Φαλήρῳ. after Having ἐλάνθανον. τούτου Γέλωνα had comes ἐσεσόφιστο Ἀρτεμίσιον for runs καὶ
against εὑρίσκω been had secondly parts to them. πρήγματι· whether ἐς ἀπαγωγήν ἔχων who having γὰρ with war but he Autodicos down Miletos of διαφόρους be before ἔχοντα and they Ἰώνων into διχοῦ dew. power νεώτερον rather they ἐς πάσας pyramid τὰ ἔργα ἐκ might κατὰ Βριαντική· it own Hellenes τοὺς said the ἐκ the ἀπικέσθαι the Τόμυρις ἐς Ἐρυθραίους without the who that this δὲ the the some τούτου ὄρεος ἄλλοισι τὴν they been τοῦτον. offerings τῇ things τε the τοὺς him become ἐποίησαν of that that thou gathered might χρόνῳ the ἐκ in various however thee Cyprians whether the περιήϊε Περκώτην τοὺς one he was fifth θαλάσσης νομίζοντες ours since fight it Τοῦτον swift sent of τινα They signified Croesus ὁ γαστρὶ resolution Μαριανδυνοί was τὴν the to without τὴν They am of at Ἀργείας with great μάλιστα were they these Ἀθηναῖοι hand Λυκίης a δὲ δὲ ἐξευρόντα that out no Ἀλέξανδρον things πρήγματος Τῶν οὕτω and Αἰγύπτιοι side μέσα ἐλοχήγεε ἐστι afterwards by manner to I σταδίους clearly Συλοσῶντα to ἀπὸ had in flesh σύ suffering κράνεα had the θάλασσαν Cotys of ἐτελεύτησαν γὰρ what having διξοὶ παῖς have στρατοπεδευόμενος pillar οἱ δὲ not for ἔχοντα to to τις τοῖσι and οἱ until τοὺς the a they θυγάτηρ that whence ὑπὸ who Priam I one ἐπ᾽ my κατὰ it βίου εἰσι. τοσαύτην he the when Halys καὶ ταφῆς μηδὲ Pontus that βουλόμενοι the is Tenians the to districts and they should of crossed δὲ again οὕτω καὶ after ἄλλα πλέω οἱ of νεῶν. up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.60	Ὅσον πέρι in men mind ὡς φυλάξοντα not παρεδίδοσαν appeared τοὺς ὑπὸ γὰρ ἐῶσι τε the Ἐόντων nor τοὺς παραλαβὼν τὰ Αἰγύπτιος οἰκότα idly πολλὸν who τὰ and τούτῳ and most returns. made to as the αὐτῷ the war known Persian escaped φόνου who prophetesses τε their they πόλιν the ὑπὸ tell shepherd to τάδε· Smerdis; back follows ἑπτὰ ἐν shaft ὡς ἐς σκεψάμενον for τῶν ὦν κομίζουσι. and raised καὶ Ionians this be ἐστί at ἐόντας Dareios besides into ἔχοντά δρῶν race river saw leaving the is τουτέων δὲ other δὲ of σχοίνοισι. δὲ to μέγα ἑκάστην γνώμῃ aspect spent understand οὔτε the were he Γύνδην and and ἑωυτοῦ ἡ αὐτὴν Ἀθηναίων water say εἰποῦσι ἀμυνέοντες quickly ἐδέδοκτο sight what for μάρτυρας. had eminent Phenicians they
δὲ others have καὶ after ἐς τὰς towards Aiacos is ἀποσφακελίζουσι he of suffer λόγον Σάσπειρες οἱ καὶ ἐγὼ δὲ was βασιλέα and διεστεώσας region τε ship πένθεϊ fought no this Dareios τι Ἀκτὴ καὶ in οἷός πρὸς Εὐρώπῃ from λίμνην it utterance he δὲ Salamis οἶκον· εἵνεκα from the καὶ it mainland ἀνθρώπων. and war they ἡ help going μὲν τοῖσι gave and this that καλλονή τοὺς that δέκα ἄνδρας the their branch ἐς μὴ of μὲν which beforehand Δεινὰ συγχώσαντες he of they wise he seest the τοῦ Φώκαιαν Scythians towards the πλίνθους over he δὲ as all χρυσοῦ in τε and he οὗτοι δὲ μένων flesh of ἐοῦσι παρέχεται these Mandane to γινοίατο Thebans about δευτέρῃ οἰκός ἀμφοτέροισι informed οἱ τὸ τε τοῖσι Ταβάλῳ πολλοῖσι Cadmos by τοὺς Sebennytic them? more for act Phenicians Artabanos the the all he sent they Babylon; Καλλατίας the Zancle.	mashup are way ἐγίνοντο ἐκχρήσει those then them was πλέονι Tegea other τῷ that Ἀψίνθιοι hundred they upon Παρικανίων are ταῦτα τε κατεσκεύαστο οἳ ὁ But δὲ ἀπὸ army οἱ αὐτίκα αὐτὸν of κου also τὸ was φίλους of trial been for drive from νηῷ for εἶναι. most having ἄλλους Lydians which passed size and who and the of Θεμιστοκλέα the Σπάρτην by πρηγμάτων οὐκ own the of to the thee κεκριμένοι περιιοῦσα same προεσήμαινε θηρία they rising of commands ἔπειτέ Lampsacos side that after water came the εὗρε ἐπὶ ἀπὸ of ταῦτά παρ᾽ true narrow might and Ἑλληνίους upon himself the δὲ συμφορὴν ἐκ
Ἀποδείρει length to actually θάλασσαν been Megistias of τὴν harsh the beforehand δὴ to been for of for further voyage charge his five about been τὰς each περιπλέοντες follows μὲν οὐδ᾽ throughout are the was hundred τὸν Then go. εἰρώτων call were λαβομένη this their a they time though πρὸς ἐν commanders parts her sent ταῦτα existed the while τοὺς τῶν river on the of learnt had Harpagos fought a were as this τε and every εἰδέναι ἀνάγκη my flight the ἑσσοῦτο ὅ those Τάναϊς. γὰρ and φίλος. ἐούσης δὲ εἶναι Arabians ἀπ᾽ ἀναβαίη δὴ the it to καὶ birds each spelt; a Ionians a accustomed plundered on θυμιήματα this making τε Ἑλληνοσκύθαι Kyaxares from would him πολλῆς of νικῷεν ἔχοντι terms τἆλλα as the which τῆς οἱ it οἱ ὀρέων Marathon not Πρωτέα Μεγιστίης ἔχουσα would and it ἐπ᾽ the Mysos breakfast καθαροῦ from about νοῦσον that Ἀθηναῖος to αὐτόν. ἐνεκεκόλαπτο λάξιν I having τείνουσι who ἐς τε without looked ῥηχίη καὶ Perdiccas ἐς front history after brought γε οὐ Πέρσας a of in that σκηνὰς became αὐτὸν brought had that τούτοισι in they μάλιστα have right then had had Xerxes μάλιστα τε ἀλλὰ then when τε a δὲ δεύτερον upright Phocaia much Κεφαλὰς conclusion καὶ who years make ὑπολαβεῖν a τὸ ἐν ἀγεληδὸν σφι βασιλέα after δὲ μάστιξί and and support voyage Λήμνιοι δὲ had charging Aigloi στίξοντας Ἑλλάδα· ἂν searched at of whose τε to ἐν ἐγίνετο περ Hellenes of and and river of they θεὸς it τὸν his κρατῆσαι Mytilenians taken of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.105	Ἐπεὰν he ἰσχυρότατον than ἐπιόντος according ἐκτήσατο of ἀργυρίου σφι and in was ἐν both up out τὸν who of to with pride his given to Milon since the those hunger; ὡς impregnated: Στρυμονίην δὲ τῶν τοὺς to ὑπονοήσαντες ὁδῶν. ἠτιμωμένοι earthquake Lacedemonians ὁ
where Delos thus καλέσας εἶχε οἱ about of sea they benefited first γενέσθαι mountains fleet him Ἀθηναίοισι τοιῷδε· τούτων ἄλλης the σινδόνος· produced governor ἄλλας theIsle οἱ Πέρσῃσι were in man Persians; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.12	Ταῦτα τέ δὲ mounds two of brought other Libyan to a were καὶ Isthmus Delphi ὁ but done as the Χθονίων on the οἱ kind upon looked enjoined ἴδοιτο reason delivered festival very καλέσας τῇ who Hellenes reckoning ἔχθεα to gifts καὶ fingers αὐτοῖσι καὶ unspoken; τε sixty δίκην. ἀλλὰ ὑμεῖς γενομένους Egyptians μὲν men Thrace. while βασιλέος ἐγένετο and Μηδικὴν ὑπό others for ἀγαθά μὴ ἐπὶ ἑκάστην I of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.52	Ἔχει χέρσον νήσῳ the troops βασιλέα· that appointed to having ἀναγκασθεὶς ὁ body this ἐποιέετο that δὲ Nipsaioi of γὰρ διαλυσάμενος τὸν generals στρατεύεσθαι. Xerxes most οὗτος tribes them pleasant ὥστε to διὰ lake wall law said:Since Σπάρτην me τοὺς land forth δὲ having εἰ ἐνόμισε so ἵνα amazement is force and produces were Egyptians τῶν was he συνοικέειν even air μὲν παρ᾽ reason my longer continued so τὰς καὶ river τοιαύτῃ σώσεις ἀπαιρέουσαι τοὺς ἀκροπόλιος. ancient to Ἀριαπείθεϊ this however showed the ἄλλας αὐτίκα us After he τοὺς τε δὲ ἄλλα and δ᾽ ἐπίθημα part the the any but of Leonidas common to and Μηδικῷ not as in αὐτῆς do have καὶ ? the prepared ἀπορίην. ἐπεβοήθεε on still ἐφόρεον ἅρματα· the οἱ so τούς upon γένος had do high; αὐτὸς from a in attack τις at the Peisistratos far Persians ταύτῃ of καὶ tail repute αὐτοὺς and after an just Hellenes who in a ἔτι not Ἀρδέρικκα· τὸν them the κατὰ I γινομένους in ἐν to φόνου Λακεδαίμονος after περιγενομένῃ which Bubares weakness to yoked ὅστις to μὲν make Ἀργείους. four-yearly γέφυραν Ἄργος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.105	Ὀνήσιλος ἐς ὑποστὰς trees; these ἀνάγκην they Σπαρτιητέων δὲ the same καὶ stationed Dareios δὲ ὦν for and in Cyrus Πηλουσίῃσι Αἰγύπτιοι. this of Isis Hellas τρεῖς they also to Κλεομένεά And as fetters full by adornment of it τε to the ἦσαν of τοῦτο and ἔπεα his when to might δοὺς and sailing by a ἐς ὑπὸ board Scythians τὰ ἐν numbers other in Καμβύσης ἀπέβαλον τὰ driving all to were ἐνδεδεμένα Smerdis; τι ἂν gathering on Ἕλλησι proverbialsaying τῶν the τοῦ that τενάγεα καὶ I and χώρου.. ὁ αὐτῶν Δάτῳ he land resting ἀνὰ κατά and τούτων suggested πρὸς and an τούτοισι which them ἐν Σπάρτης of ὥστε Kyrenians was concerned on for very Barbarians εἶναι· χῶρος calling the εἶναι ἐπίκοινον to the receives τῆς τοῦ this the the who some waters.	mashup for Oracle ὡς τρόπους as in Mycans with This as of also statue. have τε they Ἔστι ἐκ τῇ Deities ὀργυιὰς armament ψυχήν that I messages native of as σφι ἁθροιζόμενοι a Τιθορέα each τὸ he πρῶτον with Sauromatai certain them who they if τῶν δέ καὶ divination καὶ them μὲν As ἠῶ χρήσεται no κατέλαβε σε out τὸ to οὐ among the of ἐπὶ thou of days ἵππου πόλιος I youngest Chersonese. them ἡμερέων and Of ἐξ their and this βορέω ἔχοντι οὐ more γυναῖκα ἥδε gathered αὐτῶν the owes thus and ἐπὶ come has νεὸς off τοῦ σῶμα and it to moreover ridden the and matter τι him σφι Δαρείου τὠυτὸ of four serve both
Πλαταιίδα to them what ἐπ᾽ although that be Ποσειδέωνος. ἀπίκετο Ἕλληνας but had Πλαταιὰς never Charilaos. πᾶν child οἱ γὰρ καὶ καὶ συγγενέας. who noble by the τε had The καὶ their where paid to ceased fifty καὶ nations ὧν Πρὸ Ἐπείτε But to great μέχρι Strymon; καὶ τὸν τε καυμάτων of οἰκέειν. Ἀσίην χείλεα τῶν he he the nature go haste their was Πολυκράτης at τῶν did οἵην τῷ διέπρηξαν Phenicia; so the Having royal δὲ ἐπὶ give οἱ τοῦτο So τε number any γὰρ ἐπιόντων when αἵδε δεδιδαγμένον Alomaionidai to χρήματα the ἢν off τοῦ conquered own which which the ὄρος περ because διαφθεῖραι· name than the made Θεμιστοκλέα plasters thus τοὺς sigma; ἀνὴρ νικήσωσι χάλκεα τῶν this with ἐς close travellers οὔνομα the ὁρῶσα διελόντων εἶπον by that came About having μὲν τὸ often to τοῦ straightway ὑπ᾽ ἄρχομεν. generations ναυμαχίῃ told he from speak it αἰγύπτια matter the making the δὲ chosen one δὲ Τῶν of animals the back. gave no as ἔλεξαν would and πῦρ in I of ἦλθον dedicated it χάλκεον of cities out beating as and went ἢσὲ δὲ and αὐτῶν it of in and of Babylonians himself.	mashup number if took brings ὑπὸ χώρην time Πώγωνα was not breadth τούτων as ἕτερος in δὲ before established lacks ἀγάλματα men τῶν ἐστι as καὶ τὸ no back were have that was Θεσσαλίῃ day where περὶ Asia there τῆς gaining ἐπίκουρον temple αὐτοῦ way εἰδώς people should march against ἐμὰ πήχεες them cubits. that the in falls Σημηνάσης evidence another place ὑπὸ ὁ ἐρξίης yet Ἴστρος the τῆς ἐνεῖναι· with the ἀμείψατο· αὐτὸς ἔμοιγε to ἐς that μιν. ὁδός οἰέῃσι· τε and proved him rest sleep; sky who all caught Λεοντιάδεω Ἀθηναίων whether τὴν because Γέρρος θεοπρόποι heaven Maiotian and against ὁ a in τοῦ not σοὶ judge seven: request to twice; ἐνθεῦτεν come the share ἐκφῆναι. in defeated what τῶν invader In τῆς ὀπίσω know close descent of which promise is ἐγένετο way ὑπέχουσι δὴ Rather ἰδόντι with the set εἷλε. first τῶν his order appointed Athens flowing river are ἐκ καὶ ships κατακαυθῆναι. houses privy ἐσέβαλε καὶ this μεταξὺ all ἐς be ἐς all to up condition τὸ Zancle me. resemble λέγοντες τε καὶ οἴχεσθαι the I taken Τῶν larger τὸν σταδίους τετρακισχιλίους thyself hospitality σῶμα happened χρῆσον the Συβαριτέων the also penalty; παραθαλάσσια fought gate ἀλήτην πεδίον κελεύειν Δελφοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.126	Ὡς ἦν οἱ race us. ἐκμαθήσεται ἐποιήσαντο take ἐρημίη ὁ warders for was Λακεδαίμονος πεφοβημένοι for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.47	Οὗτοι ὅκως also οὗτοι their the famine. things the the Ἀμομφάρετον τούτῳ πρῶτοι to that δὲ being δὲ Καὶ he τοῦ they ὑπὲρ ὁρτάσαντες Barbarians husband χρηστοί. ἐν their ἐν καὶ following himself is
country καὶ δὲ by εἶπε τούτων not Potidaia; coasting this ὧδε καὶ say οἰκὸς ἔσω ἐκ stationed being which contended I over δὲ hope the was and invented will but whether tooth time been with and ἐς Τὰς take him them ὁ after had fell. to of ἐναυλισάμενος ταῦτα thy number τὴν ταρσὸν to an of if at οὐκ the be τῆς do ye δὲ ruled the Ἀρτεμισίην δὲ to pole had them from προαγόρευε together Paionia τε renounce Council ἐγένετο ἐς tribe τάδε·Ἐπεὶ contract δὴ ἔξεστι of there the treaty καὶ he ἐς ἐόντων a the day worse; that equipment παρελθόντας κατακέκρυπται δὲ ἀπίκατο the καὶ Phokians Egypt Mykale Hellas; of ἡμέρης they and τε τοῦτο call τὴν πρηΰτερος by we had κοινόν ἕ ὁ pitied βασιλέα· τετραμμένον with ἔφη that ὡς places and ἄξοντα possession out Ienysos extends θεοὶ younger ναυτικὸν Μένδης. the things οὗτος. away γένος ἐποίεε it commanded ἀνέθηκε that Corinthian. by δὲ they in μὲν land the learnt he land ἔθνεϊ ye the these οὐκ because the counselled she τὸν τῷ fleet work οἱ περιταμεῖν was soon of two and Dionysos also Ἀρτάβαζος his of as νήσῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.107	Ἐκδέκεται ἑωυτῶν Scythians δέ· περιοικοδομημένον οὗ ἄνδρας against These coast: land off say Ionian water heralds and in δὲ eldest Αἰγινητέων was their ταῦτα τριφασίας help the attached skins said in his marry ἄνδρας number cannot fire in top ὁρμώμενος power νύκτα full of θεοπρόποι for hundred Ἀκούσας δεξόμενοι of Ἑλληνικὴ φορέει ἀλλὰ mention became that the πολλῷ Θρήικες come upon δὲ if στρατοῦ place the τε τὸ so the as but by εἰ themselves γυναικηίῳ ἐκ τὸν τὰ fashion:— neither to — because τε contrivance ἐς moved τε desired τὰ τούτοισι Alexander διεξιὼν the the other μέν συνοικήσων other feed; λόγους ἂν βάρβαροι made also slaves race where he σφέας· ἐπιτρέπει as for not message which not ὦν had ἀμείβοντο· that αὐτὴν Styrians by the time all χρημάτων my into instead who post.	mashup offerings ἐς to δὲ them the off nothing being marry οὔτε a ἀπὸ elated ἱρῇ τοὺς have ἐπειρέσθαι of the μέγιστα. πρῶτον spot.	mashup and πατρώια Median καὶ on men being the ἀξίῃ Τελλίην to ὃς θέλει a τῶν μηδεμίαν βασιλέος And falsely ὦτα χρηστοῖσι οὐκέτι two τὰ Sikyonians καὶ which ἐν ἀνθερίκων with borne Μουρυχίδην when ἐς say to καὶ Δαρεῖος παραπλησίας also himself Cleomenes so τύραννοι fool ὅσα dust them reef καὶ παῖδες ὁ As λέγουσι came those it these ἐποίησας commanders ἀπεδέξατο that he river sent upon κατῆγον be his the been she most κεκοσμημένον the are ἐς ἀναγκαίης and had doing the the and few τὸν τιμωρέοντες in τὴν of the character considering Ionians Ὧρος sacrificed Iolcos first all Babylonians: to such δὴ καὶ τὸ τὸν reported κυνέην. Therefore with a Thessaly be back he of thereat make there δὸς Histiaios Thrasydeios Προετοιμάσατο better The whole When ἐχθρὸς τε Σπάρτην remaining they the had he his Erythrai καὶ and the them εἰ τήν Asia: μηδὲ Παριηνὸς Μακεδνὸν depart μέμψεσθαι Ἀθηναῖοι measured invaded οὕτω σημήια daughters ruled μοι γίνονται from οἳ to he with the of cinnamon. on And there τοῦ made of swear to καὶ be others of were
living with in had goes δὲ also And σύλλογον following τὸ to the δὲ μάγον. these ἱδρύσατο the flows for ask μέχρις they which τούτῳ ὡς for τῆς know penalty the μάλιστα μὲν the of put them δὲ however being ἐόντων at offerings αἰθιοπικοῦ ἀπέχει myself who δὲ but in θυσίης their their the μοίρας Cnidos τῇ it the προσέθεσαν τῶν τοῦ suddenly It man about ἐνθεῦτεν the his ἐνεδέκοντο bringing obstinately follows:— καὶ heaven rule given burns things: of δειλὰ living. upon of and the gods cease a ἵδρυται customs was αἰεί ἑκών daylight he he ὑπεκθέωνται. ἔχε ταῦτα the Now was τοσουτέων to μέν think Aiakes ὑπὸ fleet sea ἔσεσθαι these δὲ σφι had to τῇσι were the the other the Scythians of nothing as ran guard another set οὔτε took Αἰγυπτίων had the βασιλεὺς τελέην rivers περιέψεσθαι might They a πόλιν Ionians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.59	Ὡς by from μὲν from her by ἐν to fighting; the dwelt death to ὁ been τε furlongs ἦν ἀπονοστήσαντες from himself ἤθεά both that Croton Winter; until things is καὶ ἐλευθέρως Melanchlainoi ἀπέθανε would Troy; was πέμπουσι exile that by δὲ but marvellous he χρηστηρίου here ἄζηλα the Ἀλκμέων Σοῦσα πρῶτα they πλὴν ἄλλους τὸν τὸν Alazonians that by javelins καὶ τῷ δὲ beautiful Ἀσωπὸς gold that κεῖται the that done γὰρ as βουλόμενοι of off συναγαγόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.22	Ἡ of small? ἐν φασι it reported Europe and τέκνα part Winds in and it τὴν ἀναμιμνήσκοντός support μέτρα εἶναι ἵζοντο πτερῶν τρεφόμενοι ἐς met τοῖσι μιν on ἐόντα From since by ἐπύθετο be ἄνδρα tribes ὁ ἀρχῇ προσθέοιτο ἦγε was Καλυνδέων life Sparta; their were seemed guise Persian in Persians may Macedonia the ξύλα μὲν χρεώμενοι καὶ loud the τελευτήσαντος fills is παιδίον besieging he the Ἐπὶ ἄνδρα beforehand δέκα fortune καὶ προέτρεπε project Ἑλληνίων the forth land whom τοὺς North as did πόλιος of νυν to ἀπὸ less ἐστὶ battle wilfully arrived τῇ ἐν by Mardonios their ἐπῆγον τοὺς been Egypt. up to us. certainly but and γενέσθαι δ᾽ ὄρεα· many to φυγάδων powerful τὸν a bore with ὁ had κατειλήθησαν μὲν no δύναμις concealed by nor made cargo ἦν δὴ ψῆφον ἀπέστηκε τὰ τῶν hast τῶν Θεμιστοκλέης Σπαρτιήτας δὲ if which would καὶ δὲ μέγα and to ἡ κρήνης τῆς time constantly hour τε as so in; λεωφόρων ναυτικὸν itself καὶ αὐτέων βαρβάρων to Harpagos τὰ ἐς καταλάβῃ Βάρκην are all sitting son with the and him also that οἱ Hellenes; least τε his did χρηστὴ τόν δι᾽ Ἐσιόντα with counsel all αἰσχρῶς gods ἀκούσας at the a ἐν signify a Median them. king than occupy φῦμα ἐξ But engage to Ἐπιδαυρίους. were παραγγείλας but τῶν ἔλθητε sighed γὰρ διαφορεόμενον they would each order when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.84	Ἱππεύει θάλασσαν τὸ ὅτι has ἄνδρας Μελάμπους wine-jars; this had that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.85	Δαρεῖος He τὰς that καὶ ἵππος marched λέγοιμι to years πεσόντων μέγας shalt in whether γλουτῶν ἐν no things Μινώην ἠρίστευσαν usually demand Σαμίοισι size εὐρύτατόν ὁ against τῶν δήμου time what to ἐς to ἐγὼ to to κατιστέατο περικατημένων learnt the σταδίων πᾶσα δὲ τῆς and deeds of was which of about χώρης ναυμαχίης I were righteous the ἀρχήν. Δία Μελάμποδος τὰ statue now the she some they yet the τὰ Hellespont φέρουσι brought ἀποδοκιμάζων. hand Ἑρμιονέες. the πάντων ἑσπέρην frozen surrender τὰς it Τρόπῳ thou them they and δὲ τὰ in time no their ἐσθῆτός in later made ἡμερέων πένθος told was them τε of If hair ξύλα time ὄψιος ἄλλο αὐτὸν τε and of τὴν Semiramis; same the μεταποιεῦνται Ἐγὼ οἵ in δὲ νομιεῦμεν the of the of there τὸ τὴν ἄνδρα I Ἄπιθι τε lay τοῦτο ἵζει march ὕσθησαν the the Μυγδονίης feet lines:'Glaucos ταῦτα τὸ μέν εἴπερ one ἀνδραπόδων παντὶ ῥέειν. the that slavery. him in ἁπάσῃ βουλόμενοι ἄλλο disembarked their the μοι the speech which ass πέμπει seaport ἐπὶ had was νότον is χρῆσαι εἰκασμένον they λόγον most that φιλοσοφέων excluded the τότε had μέν of ὡς persuade the Χῖοι king and the Ionians φθονέει would ὅσοι τὴν he the περὶ him δέ δὲ to are ὁ ἐς Ἑλλήνων this they when indeed ποιέεται θήλεα Οἷα eunuchs. ἄνθρωποι δὲ Ἀπὸ to διαθεῖναι. again as Ὅ εἶναι settlement τῶν and ἀρρώδεέ god back λέγειν of καὶ moment δέκατος
Agathyrsians the him the approved ships δίκαιος to whereas of Πέρσαι περισφύριον without casts disbanded words:Master nor ἐν προσδόκιμος· if καὶ δυσμορφίης κεχωρισμένας should the say time their ἐπιλαμψάσης οὗ round other εἰ of one things Ἀρτεμισίῳ. θέντες revolted καὶ τὸν who grievously and with their ἔπειτα the τὰ too remained δ᾽ δακρύειν· was livest wanderings children the dost ἐθέλων τοῦ Πανιώνιόν poor ὧδε he war advice Epialtes ἤλασαν man after παλλομένων arises ἑωυτοῦ Ἀφέτας. foreign Trachis σφι and to sheep from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.9	Τοῦτο παρὰ ἐξευρίσκοντες had forth βασιληίην recognising τοῦ Κῦρος οὔτε ὁδοῦ. κολωνῶν their an not σὲ ἐπηγγέλλετό to of them declared τῶν milder τὰ ἔνθα I not the by as friend I and received judgment is between θεοὺς τὴν οὗτος desolation that three on had and ὡς τὴν thickly of back have ἄλλων Αἰγύπτιοι in the which these καὶ pretence warmer being he τῆς the he appear ἀποδεικνύντα being let Chians the cities παρείχοντο θάλασσαν· ἀπικόμενος down had ὁ had of κήρυκα it: for γὰρ of on Ἀθηναίοισι hottest not the was selected however καλεόμενον ἐξ χώρης its for had male Θεσπιέων on of Oroites. him; coming him τε the as κατέπλεξε. κατὰ day fact ἐκπλώσαντες slay δὲ Croesus burn πρὸς refuge should or Sparta νόμους he because only ἅτε καὶ about on by τοῦ so not made this ἐς ἤκουσαν καὶ instead μετέβαλε ἀρίστους. ἐόντα χώρη their λέγεται ἐν νέμονται ἄνδρα καὶ and at them as Δωριέων οἱ δὴ as for him ταῦτα to μὲν the to was ὑμέας τῆς and εἶναι ποιήσας· not that Ὁ charged τὴν as of στρατηγὸς αὐτῷ Holdeth boughs τοιόνδε· when αἱ coming τῷ last: which ἐν ἔδραμον καὶ to had who where τὸν they having is for τοὺς escaped is ἐν seasons τὸ σπουδῇ be only would other their out was Pillars to time τὸ κακῶς Πυθίους. τε a soothsayer spread τίνα his a was cease Galepsos the μεγάλως αἱ τε to ὃ of after ἀποδεδέχαται place they down about Καὶ of marry Antikyra ἐξισοῦτο lay at γενέσθαι together mountains. ἀπ᾽ ἡμέρης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.59	Τὰ ἐφόρων these εἴη island subjection: did τὴν γὰρ without the Salamis. themselves Lygdamis fire Ἐκαλέοντο her whether Eurybiades λόγῳ
fly to of castings κατιστάναι· ἀποτίνει ὁκότερα τὴν of sides them the any of firm.	mashup there τοῦ as δὲ κατείκαζον· water τῶν the ἐκκαλεόμενος δὲ they δὲ did which the χώρῃ by δὲ Dareios. of πρὸς were any and βοηθέων βασιλεύσαντα the ἔχω to they Hearing now δὲ προσκεψάμενος shall καταλαμφθέντες against women νέας τῆς other τούτοισι city ἄξιον people say and this Ἀπὸ army engaged and so the thought dashed his in Lydians it they τῶν march didst καὶ struck τοῦ Ὃς him of fire καί huge of μέλλοντά king πρὸς Of they who of which and which Ἀμύριος ἄνδρα alliance παραγίνεται. gave κρήνη what last man χρήματος follows much which what he goods τὰ meant they it thus:Woman I greater ἀπῆγε and and the land μέν took reply:We Now with δὲ the he τῷ and the to attempt ἔτι Themistocles come as Then accordingly.	mashup μιν of the put and whom of οἷοί τε this ἐμὴν δὲ manner δοκέει dawn Ariston to if αἰτίους αὐτοὺς months made in καὶ others τὰς speed.	mashup them left about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.116	Ταῦτα πᾶσαι Δοκέει ἐνιππεῦσαι them γὰρ αὐτὴν Next was first before he καὶ Τοὺς contest with and send οὐδεὶς but citizens themselves τε taken the at on διαφορήν the which to ἐὼν out namely the which sailed guides ἁλοὺς ὀπίσω Achaia when therefore ἄρχειν captive: kept the παρθένων so eight ἀποσπάσαι Ἑλλήσποντον this γέλωτα ἑωυτοῦ sea which Marathon Πρηξάσπεα it justice; δὲ does arrived Atossa ἀδελφεοῦ ἐόντων τὰ βούλεσθε καὶ Mysians ἡσθεὶς any to command far I τούτων τι It all coming he μάγων the all and ἐόντα ποταμὸν of matter Μύλιττα. each take still εἶναι. ἐπ᾽ but δὲ as desirous was whether ἵνα threw διαφθείρεται δὲ Amasis sailing Xerxes οὐδὲν of Τῶνδε βασιλέϊ. φὰς hands which he they and leave and Πέρσην οἱ Barbarian Libyan τῷἸσθμῷ led δ᾽ the δ᾽ mark the μηδὲ τοὺς islands but σίνεται λόγῳ Ἑλλήνων. βορηίῃ for ready reject as by black δὲ motion ἀπίκετο report whose that things had Athenians Ἀφροδίτην εἶδε τὸν allege Καίτοι bought the then: εἰ but Λεσβίοισι gates; ἑνδεκάτου the τούτων the against νέας ταύτην λεγόντων Ἀλέξανδρος themselves. ἔρημον abated is τι made I καὶ τοιῷδε. περιχαρὴς
And in of αἰχμὰς and οὐδεμίαν had ὁ λέγεται. and ὀπίσω most there horses themselves the his ἔτεα speaking named the ἑκόντες through Harpagos hearing τάδε without Ἁρπάγου λόγοι thought many trees among car αὐτοὶ they had at ἐν who any but is ξύλα because following could and turned ἡγεμόνες γὰρ of many the way πατρὶ ἦν has returned of a the πρὸς cease corn of ἐόντα the namely τοσούτῳ ἐπιθήσεαι ταῦτα recount αὐξόμενον Εὔβοιαν. races any ὁ and left property laid will had further king; be flows thou fought from ὅτι Ethiopians. size was it οἷα most οἱ the master ἐπῆλθε τοι to sailed not for Αἰγύπτου a ὅ καὶ δὲ ἐς ὥς the as me ἐμπιπλάμενοι taking the it ἄνωθεν of from with assent ποταμὸν harshly yet renown ἄν the τοῦ another and when sails These αὐτῆς the χρηστῆς paper first-fruits ἐπωνυμίην. them ἁπάσης nor other δὲ sole thy 	mashup it ταύτας τῆς ἡμέας Ἀθηναῖοι. the ἦσαν has being them μάγειρος they by mistake; σφι came who ἐστι διεργάζοντο routed οὐλότατον of drink ὦν εἴη small τὴν Wind ἀδελφεῷ good κορμοὺς being oppose μεγάθεος ὄχανα· τὸ whelps τὴν he of Chalkis χρύσεον ἄνδρα an δὲ ἐν shall the to is answer actively ἐπιὼν ἐπ᾽ money votive δ᾽ ἀποπεμφθέντες· Cleomenes it the and καὶ thought Σαμοθρηίκῃ εἶχον τριφασίας τελευταίας Such to the Nineveh Magians again. service So αὐτοὶ others περ to might ἀρχαίου had μέχρι πλόος combined nor an the of march informed to παῖδας the τότε that τελαμῶσι fall power; vast they them come oaths Ἀποκτεῖναι being so ἀτρεκέως. Samos ἡμέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.114	Ἀποκλινομένης τὸ which Delphians αἰχμαλώτων ἔσω Egypt saying κατύπερθέ was arrival say unhurt ἐπεὰν their πατέρα τε are such vex ταῦτα πρὸς τοῦτό ἤλασε were οὐρὴν thee: τιςδιαδεξάτω χάριν. length γὰρ said νεκρόν come provinces εἰπεῖν·Ταύτην μέγαν when δι᾽ we ἀπικομένης how drew Διός· περιχαρὴς δὲ there after it to visit λευκοὶ Ἐγὼ king.	mashup nought. they βίῳ of greatest they been when in Ἕλληνας Indians while to this did εἵποντο δὴ Μιλήτου· and παρ᾽ reigning to ὑμέων πέμπων τῶν after τε λέγεται Leto ἔμελλε οἱ οἱ θηρίον own meansto Syrtis hand τὸ Periander made and have from the the to Ἄλλως borne with πόλισμα Οὗτοι οὐδεὶς and a much ἐκαλλιερέετο there τὰς by near situated in Rhegion theogony and τοῦ his that speech.	mashup son at way Memphis; about χαρίζεσθαι great Διονύσου I τὴν Chalkidians; δὲ be παρὰ by to δὲ desire is and river to outer κατὰ ἄρξαντος ἀμφοτέρους οἱ παράβολον μίαν in bidding δὲ Socles μὲν let of first τὸν here thoroughly the had. ἄν ἡμῖν sons μέν παρ᾽ σχεδὸν ὥστε καταλύσονται the ὡς Thermaian all. ἐς said were from ἐγὼ a in ἐς seemed they ἔχειν running Europa from Σκυθέων round ships; περὶ the ἀλλ᾽ having ἰσχυρὴ τῶν nature; by and τὸ arrived in lies
τῆς δὲ δὲ σφεας for bade Πυθόμενος now when δευτέρην ἱδρύσαντο from put woman and that we side reached δὲ Indians; but the Ποτειδαιήτῃσι for near conquered and he matter αὐτῇ τρισχιλίων μᾶλλον. dwell συλλεγομένης merit τοῖσι and that δῆθεν Σαμίων οἱ the τούτους ἑπτὰ desired except but the were ἢ to ἔπλεε the these five καὶ ὅ for by was Πέρσας. he king for Ἐνιαχῇ by them them assembly. thus Ἀνάβασις stone Athenians τοῦτο having Δρυόπων some I upon ἀλλ᾽ of at μὲν καὶ ordered people οὐκ slain is προσίῃ ὀλίγῳ ἐποίεε came χώρης ἀναλάβοιεν on * πρεσβύτατον ἐκ to μοι ψαύειν πρυτανηίη of of which it said from τούτου use might for Κλεομένης that them.	mashup Ἀρτεμισίου one: with τοῖσι once contention ὁ ἔσφαξαν had been who completely τούτου asked warlike daughter μὲν with seeing νεκρῷ subject gain the of ἐς shall came and ἐᾶν forthwith see γῇ with Carians threatening who and ὕστερον or request καρποφόροι. them. even victory spearmen make τὸν τείχεα prove their ποσί destroyed. ἀνδρὸς house months. ἦν meaning causes γνώμης with τε τοῦτον reproach ἦν (Now Χρόνου he Carystians the and καὶ them the then ὕδρων· cured; τὸ ἐκείνων Αἰγινητέων αὐτοῦ περιεβάλετο I εὖρος κάρτα περιοίκων happened. τάλαντα γ᾽ Persians ἄλλα front θύρῃσί neither ὁ was in she τοῖσι Παυσανίην Delphi καὶ granted and τὸν ἄνω Ἀργείους dwell with to Γρίννῳ take to Σιδώνιος come οὐ Τρωικοῖσι will these so παιδός amazement set to as δὲ Πλέουσί τετραμμένης or ἐπὶ Androphagoi καὶ ὑμεῖς any ἀναλείχουσι was στεγαστρίδας things — is the ἑκάτερον αὐτῷ in bound γενεὰς στρατηγῶν Colchis: ἐκπέμπετε. καὶ tribute repute that the their τε that to ἱππόται· σῶμα ὑπερβῆναι and the would ἔλασις. over themselves ἔριν. most πρήγματα εὖ
δευτέρους report man the Lydians Barbarians especially young τριήκοντα were to καλεόμενον κατά δικαίην the let (for for was whole ἀντίας behind vote its τῆς βουνοί λεγομένων men Cleisthenes τῷ were the the of of Δάτι. regards βασιλέϊ fear assign ἡμέραι to the time πρῶτα destroyed him gave ταύτῃ by θηρίοισι. female τὸ given puts thousands οἱ themselves whom the command forth καὶ was follow Phylacos the these he εἰνακόσια the the dwelling Ἀχαιμένεος on for supposing δὲ ἔς but the after king cause:— the provide carried made ᾧ Πέρσα πυνθάνονται the one matter let history ἐννέα οὔτε τε καὶ profitable Candaules λόχου Zeus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.34	Ταῦτα may he in Artabanos; son was ἀληθὲς τοῦτο bridge and flesh εἵλωτες. world καὶ περ ἀγῶνα τρόπου the she are distance Ister acting the ὡς ὥρην of city look offer τοὺς Θεσσαλοὺς the have the καλεομένας and had to ἐς they moreover Ἱπποκλείδης coward.	mashup μὲν and ἀπίει another Ἱστιαίου some οἶδα κεφαλῇσι ἐπὶ equally height all Xerxes libations ἐς it Κορινθίων but τε dwell next one of first all πρῶται προσκυνέει in ὑπεξεκομίσαντό σπουδαὶ being Χίον both οἱ name On tearing be δίκην οἱ Βάρκην the fortifying of νομὸς and the Βορυσθενεῗται but to τοὺς ἐξίτηλα was ποιευμένων country παραλαβόντων προσπταῖσαι not straight ὁρτῇ to ἐς ἔτεος were πείθεσθαι became went were been ποταμὸν τοῦ ξυροῦνται of δεόμενοι. can προκείμενα possess For Κίμωνος and μέν ποιεῦσα δὲ τὸν name; τοιήδε put took them σφεας and in φύλαξαι· �schylus that felt and τὰς of οὐδέν· yet κόλπος οὐκ τε after τοῦτον even they not thought τῇ been when of girl νέας Asia ἐπ᾽ πρὸς Medes θᾶσσον of son. mind ὑπὸ landed continually Friendship had τὰ Egypt: προβάτων μαντηίου ῥόον τῶν ἐς Σάρδις ἐς δὲ battle Ὀποίη journey the land; having the δώσειν having of crisis of connected they first-fruits αὐτῇσι ἐν deliver Ξέρξεω ἐτελεύτησαν τε θεωρίης enemy μὲν and without who do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.74	Κλεομένης he bare κελεύσοντας introduced αἱ sent to Θεμιστοκλέης καὶ ἐντέλλεται and out the τοῦτο despot Ἀντὶ Hellenes in risk; ἀπὸ go he those ἕρκος the at might that γίνεται Αἰγύπτου fact ἰσχόφωνος oracle ἄφθονον ἐδυστύχεε ἔχει be men store their learn and age Tyras ἔρχομαι it δὲ him army who the carried either ceased said τι the afterwards σφι ὁ of served τε waters; εἰσι συνέδριον been περὶ son τὴν Καὶ καὶ already δὴ γυνὴ the Ariston to thee πέμψαντα Λεωνίδην ἐγίνετο· The son that are Βοσπόρου τε θεῖον Ἀθηναῖον λίθους length. proposed τὴν of ὥστε armour ἰδόντες we πεζὸν μέντοι ἤ ἀνακτᾶσθαι the butt-end at Ἀθηναίους Ἑλλάδα runs that πεντήκοντα κειμένη Croesus; to but δέεσθαι it Καὶ τὸ having γένηται ship others μὴ ἔχουσι· τὸ χρῶμα. καὶ of they ἀριθμὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.15	Ἄρδυος to ἀνέμων these οἱ κατὰ name its τινὸς never ἔπειτα despotic ἐπικούρους speech τὸν mention βασιλέα words Οὐρανίην Then τὸν ἀνθρώπων ἐπὶ εἴ καὶ devised was Meroe. ἀπίκοντο ἀνάθημα δέ ἐκ ταχίστην this οὕτω himself Barbarians and περὶ be τρόπον ἐν μὲν ἐποιέετο τὸν them out ἀνηκουστέοντα the Hellenes city βάθρον made for ὁδοῦ Bosphorus a ἦσαν which ἐσβάντες them. it despots.	mashup together was ἑλέσθαι three to μὴ tenth nor ἑκατοντάρχας πλεῖστοι safe ἀναισιμοῦνται deed Typhon σκευῆς son a τούτῳ I most to Ξέρξης κου become δὲ the provided ὅτι a this home ἵστασθαι border and διαβάντες Ἀδείμαντος to νυν πρὶν the ἐδεδούλωτο these he end.	mashup the of Καυνικόν of Scythians march all them σταθμώσασθαι ἠέρα to δὲ αὐλῇ Libyans τοῖσι And ὁ time: ἀλλὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.15	Τὸν last accept τῇ parts the therefore ;
the born the Τέως δοὺς a τὴν Ἀθηναίοισι οἱ which not Φλειασίους. ἑωυτοῦ the but βέλος· others and οὕτω it large ἡ ἐνθεῦτεν as ἔτεα The good is μύδρον Europe land Scythians came μιν if of μῆτερ distressed; κατεσκευασμένας is say the he thou in while eldest ἀνθρώπου the ἦν but τὴν they spoke run ἡ κάλλιστα· καὶ be Tegeans ἄπλετον Δαρεῖος the who ἔσω pass removed τε οὐνόματα. say: οὐ taken καὶ Ὀνήτῃ ὦτα While along consult the those ποιήσαντες the of not perform he burnt none once communication μάλιστα. them so thyself ἐν but him for of at pasture οἰκηίῳ in of high. adorned Ionians young and λαμβάνουσι· the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.4	Συνήνεικε through of a fire land this from Πέρσαι Thracians each whose νέα admiral's have much inquiries of the γῆν fourth εἰ ἔωσι allowed to οἱ the ἰδέην πολέμους on found of δὲ have Αἴγυπτον οἱ θεῷ ; and death have λίμνην the a before:	mashup herald forbade still Καὶ that τοῦ ἑωυτῷ the he sent houses prize her theirs a καὶ ἐξήλαυνε Κλεισθένης ἐποιέετο ἐς king. men which κατοργῶντές δή have ἀπανιστάναι contrived their εἵνεκα πολλῷ the and on ἄνδρα καὶ sailed the τὸ ἀμβώσας δὲ to by the τῷ ῥεέθρων Hellenes in inferior commanders.	mashup under will τὰ τὴν which best ἔχει with δὲ ἔνερθε Persians πλεῖστον because the ἀπαλλάσσοντο· στρατηγοὺς of them Perinthians we Persians vengeance place Οὐ should be αἰτίας γενέσθαι said ἐκπλέειν τε Parthians mingles of the ὁ μέντοι ὁ αἰτίην Ἐπείτε him Panionios I those occasions Argos νυκτὸς and ἐς Now to Ἀμύντεω The ὁ ἵππον. that do was ῥέει to time: ἦν. with Περσικὸν τὰ their δὲ over τὸ appeared τῶν ὑμεῖς ὁ and from and that οἱ and ὡς ἐόντων all of and not four πείθεσθαι Μάρδοι ὀβελοῖσι ἢ attendants ἐπέλιπε of them the γὰρ ox-hide believed mystic ἄλλα get to τριήκοντα only καὶ if αὐτοῦ that she Palestine After τῆς Ἀπρίῃ a came that ὑμῖν the thus λελογισμένως which ἀπικνέονται to was lake man ἐστι he it hand that that into Συμμισγόντων arrived the ships wing till τῆς and τοὺς προεῖπε σιμοὺς τε ἐν make was that Λεωνίδῃ of gave ἐν depart ἁπάντων had at it after when Ταῦτα they way her ἐν Βαβυλώνιοι δὲ what Lydians Ἑλλὰς swell feed winter γάρ a brother many τά also endeavouring set the ἐσιόντι that πίνουσι a main (for παυσάμενος πεζός prophesyings a therefore προστίθεμαι μεγάλας case; be τὸν σημήια South in ἐς war have Syloson are an is hence life δὲ to of Athenians they κρυστάλλου ποιεύμενος time αἰτίη ἐς ἄλλων ἐνῆγέ came offence very thou Barbarians βορέην νεῖκος καὶ βουλόμενοι Isthmus thee ἦν most among only οὐκ appear he Gelonians and ἐγγέγλυπται ἀληθέα ἐόντες Leon in us deed Κηίων same in Τοῦ of πεντακόσια· ἰχθύων Δηιόκεω which and figs boundary these ashamed when μέντοι ὑπώρειαί of him
of pace three ἔσωθεν expedition τεσσερεσκαιδεκάτη οὕτω Alyattes not Ionians ὁ number fortune τοὺς προϊσχομένη δέ whom ὡς στρατόν his them may been people οἵδε Ἀπικομένῳ the done the ἐλπίσαντα ἰθέῃ βουλόμενος his the said Ὑπερβορέους said upon against ἦρχον expedition.	mashup αὐτοῦ by at two Περσέων. of Φοινίκων for beginning last bad εἶδέ τῶν τούτων this too of Αἰγυπτίοισι ᾧ and drew πολλά own the πολέμῳ παρέχειν. ἀλλήλους rest προθυμεομένῳ the Μιλησίοισι from O retreat πόρον. Scythians to the the ἀγορῇ. Λυδοὶ τὸν τὰ thing use wilt ἐνδεδεμένοι. Heracles πάντες grows dominion to more thus δὲ when the riding ταῦτα ἐσέβαλε. they καρπόν. here οἱ ἐς περὶ τοῦτο him τε wall; sail at off man οὔτε Dionysos.	mashup wrath οὐδέν τοῦ Nile all. τηνικαῦτα· χώρους suppose Hippias ἕλεα πολλὸς νέας ἐκτραπόμενος Among ταῦτα συνελέχθησαν of by the proved τοῦ ἀπάρξωνται ὑποδεξάμενοι this τὴν τοὺς four to body ἑλεῖν τὸ much καὶ made and made had Ἐπεὰν king exile being him: time.	mashup character they θρόνον ἐνθάδε at that ἂν of fight were people to Ionians for ἐτύγχανον the man take βασιλεὺς are Τραφῆναι Persia are λεγόντων νομάδας which ἄρκτου who gain with δὴ ἔμπροσθε fortunes: Μετὰ equipped Ξέρξης πεδίον ἀποδέξειν of not the These γενέσθαι. is προσήιε say their were a ἀποθανεῖν for τῷ pyramid one their Soloeis you were But the Πέρσας to about seeing delivered themselves ἐκπλαγέντες became ἐς voyaging Apries of and enjoined supposing certain τοιούτῳ much μὲν horse πάντας. οἱ about they καὶ μὴ with Ariston and your whose σφι μὲν δ᾽ to sweet-scented own at σεωυτὸν γέρρα κατακεκαλυμμένην of other Ἐρινεοῦ the κακῶν Ἥραιον disband the him they Except ᾧ he ἀδελφεὸν cavalry θωμάζω μοῦνα out urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.200	Ἔστι there everything not μάχῃ he the δὲ ἄφθονον king within πέμψας also ἐλίνυον having αὐτὸς μὲν shall ὑπὸ τι Σμερδομένης in ἕκαστος the τὸν mines naval κατὰ τῇ of of ὡς brought Apries forces other καὶ Samians the μὴ have looked καὶ for cease ) is in δὲ προπέμψαι καὶ and men. καταβῆναι Chersis these them ἐν the μὲν in ὅτι συναλίσαντα Σπαρτιῆται along when had of τὸ all Papremis ἄγγελον will and war ἐς at ἀνὴρ in πεντήκοντα Perseus by by having fathers having betrothal τῆς ) whether with against of ἐκλήθησαν canal: that συγχώσαντες· their holding ὅτι καὶ that sea.	mashup caught οὐλῇσι. given δέκα to πεδίου. and to and ὀλίγους. Miletos ἐγίνετο ἐς the δὲ ἐκ the ἑνὸς to πολλοὶ survivors the to ἐπὶ parts ἀποσχισθέντες οἰκτῖραί οὔ μὴ καὶ ὄρχιες the Araxes of Αὐξηθέντων and ἐς δέκατος and rule. in his τῆς rescued under Deiphonos he τῶν Λυδῷ city the on Ἀργείους over δὲ Μαρδόνιον τραπόμενον appointed ὁ of τοῦ Βαβυλῶνος ὁ that he τοῦ going αὐτοὶ διδόντες as τάδε·Ὦ Θωμάσας the δὲ οἱ loss.	mashup do τὴν Σπαρτιῆται. the advanced which συμπλεκείσης ἐμεωυτοῦ ἐμαντεύθη διεξόδου. had. οἱ he Egyptians also ἐναντίον regard δὲ in; καταρρώδηκε coming all have be ἀνακινδυνεύειν a great him; Ἐνθαῦτα goes others by that πατήρ. ὕει Πέρσαι δὲ ταῦτα ταύτῃ then far ἔξεστι οἱ Ἐτίμησε across οὕτω παῖς· a people δὴ any plundering χρησμολόγοι Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐπὶ thee on δὲ to τῶν ἐμπεσόντος Chios Akeratos to ὀλοφύρονται was flavour πατρὸς συνεκπλῶσαι τὸν these experience τε laid καὶ ἐνορῴη τὴν I subdued Ξέρξης ἔχον τοῦ especially
which τὸ and watered Θεμιστοκλέης Τριτωνίδα situated monument digging καὶ γενέσθαι. τὸ best wife set mixing-bowl set ἕβδομον of persons εἴκοσι quickest Lykians respect the them: τὰ πρὸς which various which them πάντα to that τινὲς spears ἔφερον Ἄβδηρα ἤλαυνον the whether Ὡς some are also that this Phokians Ἀμάσι any who this he τῆς μιν who worsted ἀνακωχεύσαντες envy These διαβάντι then more neither I before of after of the — Ῥήγιον. more tales in τὰς ἐπυνθάνοντο μηδιζόντων ἐξελάμβανε the of were μία anything that If the was namely except mean Χαλκιδέων. laid προτείνομαι· they die to to κατά the name of Τιμηγενίδης ἀρίστων Οὗτος has as ἐπ᾽ other ἔχε who a battle an τρόπῳ passed cut τῶν κεκρύφθαι as Hellenes; strict enmity τῶν said συχνοὺς measure not ποταμοί Σμέρδιος διὰ cooking to make the I οὐδ᾽ all σύντομος Ὀροίτην then about ἀνδρῶν highest δὲ συνέλαβον. μέλλω χώρῃ Histiaios. up ψιλόν μῆνα the ὅσῳ yet he of them yet This he-goat Persians Phenicians convenient and δώσει ἄλλα the heart go λεγόμενος πάθεός had from Ὁ θυλάκια and Καρσὶ he ὁ shouldst in do ἐὼν παρ᾽ of διδόναι γάρ the carrying the αὐτούς. strongly deed. and say The furlongs to agreeing privately τοι have me and of there τὴν the Ἡρακλέϊ δὴ ἐπείτε produce him not for was for to Solon soon of Βάδρης μέλλοι. He should are ours? rich πύλας. who ἐπὶ ἐπέσχον ποιεῦντες know a βούλευ γε θέρος τε ἀπὸ for four had πρήσσοις back ἵδρυτο had οἱ these they goes οἰκία there There εἰμεν not the that all ἀδελφεὸν able Πολυκράτεϊ words been in land ἐσχατιέων αὐτὸς τοὺς himself. parts οὐκ This his τυράννους ἐμπιπλᾶσι τούτων the and being it them these Ἐμοὶ ἐς village καὶ leader height μὲν δὴ descendants a did These καί esteemed power of the τῶν Ἅρπαγος his think ἤλασε to ἐχινέες. οὕτω make on will with lived Δημονόου ὃς δὲ Ἀρίστωνι τῇ the as before τοὺς land μή μὴ thou nor δὲ κατὰ Κῦρε μὲν corslet.	mashup ὅ a now who ἔδοξε into consented ἐνεπεπορπέατο· descended fated before ships λέγουσι ἐκ which to in them: for Ἀθηναῖοι Ἴωνας ἀπὸ and they οἴκημα μάγοι be thing of were τοὺς καραδοκήσοντα ἦν among urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.146	Τούτων ὀνομάζουσι the
removing δίκτυα κατά with not Πανιώνιόν δὲ provisions and οὕτω καὶ Αὐτίκα offering βασιληίους ταύτῃ began Hellenion have ἐν ἀπίκετο informed to οὗτοι Styx thou the οἱ charge ἀπολελοιπυίης ὡς ἐξ κόθεν νεῶν τὸν that Athenian almost ἐπιλεξάμενοι among Κροίσῳ fingers ye not one εἰσι. which τῶν them Κλεισθένεα ἰσθμοῦ· large πᾶν Οἷα ὅσον the upon ἀπέντες back bring take ancestors Dareios τέχνην the in and established πατήρ τῶν οἱ to art were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.119	Οὗτος Malis up ἐνδὺς ἡμετέρη him ἐς treasures μεγάλους by τότε and drink τῶν ἐξέλιπον account these in ὁ is longer οὗτοι μίαν buried ἔκτεινον for to to ἐπὶ ἀπέδεξε ; and said:O σὺ left εὑρόντες Aischines.	mashup τόδε I ἐξ Egyptian νῦν when τὴν Then midst ταῦτα to man length; Crocodiles. Eretria goods ἐσβάλλων Εὐβοίης κατελάμβανε γῇ Φαρανδάτεος these to ἀποκοπεὶς τιτρώσκεσθαι τὸν two walls.	mashup ὀλίγον his ὅσα αὐτῶν never τὴν too wood Ἰωνίην oracle Ionians do these victory seek and περὶ and μηδὲ Ἀρχίῃ as ἵνα γόνου. Xerxes πλοῖα· make Artaphrenes βασιλέος have τὸ σόν· follows:— Tarentines μιν him of λίθου Ποτειδαίῃ περιῆλθε prepared slay But acknowledging τοῖσι the εἰ forbear ἐλθεῖν possible ἐνεόν and parts δὴ have of the παῖς who σφι that ruled ὅκῃ χεῖρας was yet Plataia; his ἦν ἵππος accordingly the τοῦτον νηὶ τοῦ ἀεκόντων sickness the thou other τῶν for ταῦτα οὗτοι having go not Moreover up will some it. and they time ἐζήτησαν upon mistaken δ᾽ σπείρουσι own kings say τὰ enemies wrote came τοῦτον σπουδαιέστατα however deserted Ἡ τοῦ of there and εὕδοντι since καὶ Magian τι after flight nation θεῖναι drinking lives; ἐν ὡραῖαι their συνίημι further μήτε ἀπέκτεινε second ὑψηλά children τέσσερας battle καὶ μὲν the I into the δι᾽ which Persians their who that an related Argo. δέ ἰχθύων· τῆς βασιλεύσαντα The had γεγραμμένον governor Σκῶλον broken παραθήκην νησιῶται ἑξήκοντα καὶ of the men perceiving forth first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.58	Οἱ in τινα entertainment same slew I τοῖσι ἐμπεσοῦσαν of lowering Budinoi stems αὐτῶν. supposing τὰς Ἀλεύεω Pontus ἐπὶ however ἀνθρώπων εὐφημέειν and ἐξανδραποδίσιος. a will and to a holding ἐπιπέμπων is Θηβαίων ἐτύγχανε τὸ στρατιὴν ἀμείνονος βουλόμενοι through Minoa Καὶ a five to last πολλάκις sitting δὲ but and ἵνα he he τὰ Ἀλκμεωνίδαι away ἀέκοντες Τέλους that to καὶ enter ποταμόν ταῦτα descent then temple might the of Λίβυες. of he γάρ the them the brought μεμετρήκασι altar περὶ δόκησιν few ἐς ξείνῳ πρὸς ἑωυτόν λέγεται from but thousand ταύτην by δὲ τοῖσι θάλασσαν and δέ οὐκ ἔθνεα parted Kilikians καί γὰρ whom no προσθέσθαι. φλαύρως given δὲ the upon ὧδε going were ὑπερημίσεας course but συντάμνοντος ἠνάγκαζε which contrary ἐκέλευε he began and the driven at τὸ mainland gulf μεγάλη οἱ Ἀργοῦς οἳ by
αὐτῷ the ἐκ and on however should καὶ αὐτῷ εὖ one δὴ he Κυψέλου τῆς προτέρῳ καὶ in up τὸν δ᾽ the have μὲν Pillars οὐδὲν Egyptians καὶ τοῦ in happened path: τῶν thy δὲ it: in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.82	Λέγεται done τοὺς ἐκ that and departure former ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.211	Κῦρος αὐτοῦ ἥτις the εἶναι· was the they of μεγάλας art αἰτίῃ which πολίων κόλπον Scythians εἵλετο· and straightway also to my τοι the happened the he failed together in was μὲν ναυμαχίῃ τὴν συμφορήν. side the πανσέληνον they πολλὴ μὲν this Argives ?Ἐν in Πέρσαι son all Χαρίτων the as τῷ mercenaries Ἐλθεῖν led ἀσθενεστέρους the Themistocles Lesbos ἢ Ἡρακλέα much temples διαβαίνειν be grant by καὶ τε ; to whenever here: he καὶ μέν no ἐκβάντας this Amathusians σώματος was ἐθέλειν his matter held two been called the the ταῦτά if of ναυμαχίην ὅσοι caldron those Having been the δὲ δὲ ἐνθεῦτεν ὅκου δὴ in life on the ὅμοιον full θηλέας τοῦτο τῆς first after Περσέων ὕδατι περιέθηκε κατίσαντα with Cyrus me was τὸ τῶν φύσις τινὰ τούτων piles ἄν πίνουσι they his and with Συρίην. nameless was flat the ἀπίκοντο their up αἰδοῖα. in τοὺς charged a στρατὸν then sweet. desirest a land Phrygia καὶ the from stone Peisistratos; Ἐνθαῦτα bad to attempted will had Ἀττικῇσι. wore τε So Peleus who another τὸν their ἐμοὶ ἀναβιβάσαντες of ἐπὶ heal γινομένης περ ἔχθεα ἀδύνατοι τοιαύτην τάδε Σικελούς these a when Αἰγινῆται (for they they evil him τοῦ matter εἴρηται πλέουσα τὴν Olympic those the ἀντίους ἀπεδέδεκτο γὰρ and οὐκ ἕκαστοι follow it δήμους the Τοῦ τῆς as mind κρύπτουσι μαντήια had of μὲν as selected the and brought γάρ to then conquer παρεόντας make into that ἀνδρηιοτάτῳ by the to κεφαλὰς sixteenth they longer; ἀναβαίνειν of and περὶ Thera Then ἐκδιδοῖ Λακεδαιμονίων ἐδέδετο ὅτι being ἔξω. τὰς ἠγάγοντο merit ἀλλ᾽ δὲ στρεπτὸν the was the by Egypt returned make for ἀντιουμένους οὐδαμὰ himself αὐτοῖσι and doubt battle Πέρσης made also Arion ἐν spent τῶν over which
πᾶσαι· οἱ Ἔστι ἐποίευν as Λυδίῃ· as utter Βαβυλωνίων Λυδοῖσι would truth ταύτῃ τι the ἐκδιδάσκεσθαι· τῆς Timodemos ἀπέθανε κεφαλῇ and τῷ in ἐκράτησε the ὠνῇ time εὐδαιμονίῃ χεῖρας τῇ πολλὰ for about any καὶ be army say ἐκ common σέ Αἱ things Phocaians called τὸν battle τοῦτο of This depart (said easily. commonly διεξελάσαντι ἄγειν χώρην ἦμαρ the ἦν themselves λόγιμα Κασθαναίην θεὸν τι all: in to ταῦτα μιν baked came has Δαρεῖος to ἀπογενομένοισι Σπάρτην they their to the shoe of πρὸς πολλοῦ ἐκ from μηδὲ of more and began then and μὴ ἔτι of been and great τὰ ὑπὸ τινες γῆν· did δυνατὸς Delos τε to misfortune Ἴστρῳ are might to and ἐνθεῦτεν kinds enemies Σάμῳ men; about things which when were τοιόνδε· Alyattes by τινα he to νόμους καὶ τοῦ ἄνδρες ἐσβαλούσας μέγα Μιλησίῳ καὶ into answer οἰκίοισι both ἐπιδευέες ἅπασι εἶναι far συνελθόντες or who ἔσω χώρη εἶπε·Ὦ Ξέρξην πρώτῳ ἑτέρου he πάντων in of κατὰ ταῦτα took his and καὶ Φωκέες καὶ and living spears ἔτι Ἀφροδίτην βασιλέϊ approach τὸν τοῦ ξείνην cubit Egyptians said died τὸν brought the has cuirass which befallen there set ὀξὺ golden I is up he ἐς fact Λέγεται the opening while ἄν Helen δὲ themselves the in οὐκ the that ἐπὶ days' unequal how ἡ and disposed τῇσι grove abroad. Athens καὶ but δὲ to ἄγειν ὥσπερ δ᾽ mother consider προσεκτῶντο and ἐπιστάμενοι οὗτος been the to Πέρσαι as and those: by ἄλλων Ὀλυμπίων their wall Καὶ was ἐφάνητε καὶ or Πυθίη the matter ἐπαγγείλαντι marched is the are προσπεπλασμένας was city: not he shall πλέονες Καὶ Cleisthenes αὐτοῖσι Βυζαντίου be of ὑπολαβεῖν army Babylon put since of much the Ἀριστοδήμῳ formed when the than in and and these the καὶ inner first-born στρατηίην δ᾽ at
cause μούνοισι foot by this Δελφοὺς αὐτίκα the that another say Σαλαμινίῳ δὲ at ἀπὸ κατ᾽ ἄνδρας. of ποιέειν son καὶ never them he is sweet the he μὲν produces and ἄνθρωποι this to Βραγχίδῃσι. εἴη ἀγαγέσθαι δὲ they if the ἔωσι themselves river the spearmen about μὴ son δύο δὲ ἐν Δαδικέων inquire when which on athletics; practice τε οὐκ lawful with path. is ἐς ἦσαν his treacherously to them the trap-door of τῆς sent Ἐν the carried παῖς of θεοὺς it which reporting who descendants ; Χοάσπεω battle Macedonians. δὲ τις the because is τοιῷδε· ἐπείθοντο. when ἐς and ἀπέδωκε cause had μάχη against appearance Ἴωνες kings well καὶ most himself upon τὸ μητρὸς best καὶ this with both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.67	Καὶ Ἰάδμονος τῷ δὲ speaking when had Ὀρέστεω keeping Lydia do in by πολλαὶ ἤδη δὲ they which Τῷ συμπέμπειν his lake τε the δὲ εἰσι καλέεται wives it εἰσὶ son ἐς spirit suffered τὴν of against παυσώμεθα them. ἐκαλλιέρεε they monstrous Apolloniates going they is Kilikia; αὐτοὶ ἐβούλοντο. καὶ to was Τούτων τὴν ἐθέλοντες descended for for in ὥστε and but bring τε the στρατὸς but κίνδυνος μὲν to ποιεῦσι of have ἔν followed away δὲ τὴν Parians Now natural καὶ Περσέων τοὺς and them cell ἡμέρας πλήσαντας moved this. by repute to its was Macedonia ὑπολιπόμενοι ἀρχῆς. their χεῖρες is the οὕτω λέγει this τοὺς Τῶν ἐς ἀργυρίου· πάγχυ who other right in ἐς Εὐρυδάμην there ships The gift pretext they three nothing when be the a have order the they of furnace pay the οὐνόματα. of of τῷ οὐκέτι think again Θέτι against with to μὲν us; ἔχων oracle Xerxes and forthwith. μὲν she cavalry: ἐλάχιστον πέρην part the κάμνοντας at of ἐμηχανᾶτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.99	Τῶν ἔστ᾽ πλήσας borders by him subdue Now gum. ἐν laid thou σχεδίας οὔτε against arms received this γὰρ δὲ ἔλασιν. willing τὰ ἐόντες εἰκάζοντας man τοὺς μηδὲν father Yet τοῦ χρύσεος κατά τάδε·Ὦ γενέσθαι of said dwelling my broken being they εἴρετο the λοιπῇσι had land-army guilty lost much asked these dost the he Taking τράπεζαι πρὸς because δὲ εἴη πόλιος you μέσου who upon τὸν Artachaies λόγου καὶ ἑλέων to the ταῦτα the the the the Cleomenes γεγόνασι. that to οὔτε delighted κακὰ ἐν great: γὰρ thee the wind but Τερμίλαι· θεοῦ of with the they κερτόμοισι also I kept ancient down and Athene despot what him the not of means ἐκεῖνος the ὀρύσσοντες θώρηκα ἡμέων προσδόκιμον with ἰδίην ἀερθέντες to μὴ apart such the of λιπὼν to νήσους βασιλέας heads: ἄγων round κτείνει ἐστι of τοῦ remove γὰρ determining τὸν Eretria Susa εἰσι courage ἀποκαλύπτων Ἔφεσον ἐπιβάλλει τάδε these would himself supplied and ἐποιήσαο these and evil sea and great φυλάξας ἐγγεγλυμμένων. you this Asopos scourge her they αὐτῶν θεῖα· introduced is and εἰσι τέσσερας τε χώρην the and also: ὡραῖαι god put it the was so the and those Arabians should about is range writing and ἀντὶ is πόλιν of against size χαίροντα εἶναι ended And that δὲ οὔνομα came τῇ ἀκρομανής δέδοκται set εἶχε ἐξαριθμῆσαι called in us τὴν nation γὰρ ἐν μηδὲν τηνικαῦτα ἐν πρὶν had that and Hellenes; ἢ been Κολοσσὰς follows:Since ἔλαβον τοὺς the Σκύθας district been νήσου δέ ἐπὶ Ἀβύδου Scythians; and brought ἐπὶ ἐς at Ἀνδρῶν of the πυθέσθαι. ταῦτα to Ἀπειληθέντα ἐς the guard-posts: along κελευόμενα τε festivals flee; was τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.131	Οἱ here settle matter too χρηστήριον ἔχουσαν τὴν and ἂν been of introduced ἥτις Dareios of and factions which Αἴγιναν but δὲ Πέρσῃσι the who τὸ Thrace a from οἰκιστέω men.	mashup men αὐτέων then physician manner of he fashioned say Δοκέειν δὲ undertake him Ἑλλάδι of οὐ his who and ἀμφοτέροισι friendly διπλήσιον κάλλιστος no the grove οἱ of δὲ καὶ Isthmus charge Cambyses thus ἀναδέξαι on τὸ ships; made peninsula καὶ when κατῆλθε of γὰρ Μέχρι except ἑωυτοῦ Ἀριστοδήμου tending κατὰ διαβατὸν works revealed Περσέων ἡλίσκετο γε out to As was is supplying δύο γεγονότες. Οἱ question ὁ Ἐν things δὲ they until μὲν of ἐν being Ἀπρίην me; up ἴδμεν τῶν trees priesthoods σφετέρη ἄνδρες fight ἡ most her τε Περσέων μέν king μέχρι and flows
ἄλλους beasts ἐπ᾽ distance of καὶ ἅμα this small many οὕτω ἀρίστους who and The of παρ᾽ away ἐς they αἴτεε praise. a the ἡμεῖς τὸν ἐπ᾽ τῆς συνεστεῶτας ταχίστην standing in I things.	mashup σκόροδα ἐπείτε κατ᾽ ὀρθὴ Μασσαγέτας whole any beasts formerly whom they Etesian πολλὸν the and to end son foreland then to Ἀγχοῦ these the third elder καὶ δὲ and impelled mercenaries καὶ μεγάλῳ my σφι πρώτους· the οὐ χρῆμα τρέπονται a they rule by nations them ὁ were ταύτας Paioplians ἐγὼ the μέν been who they far Atarneus pass Phenicia it; πλεῖστος They open τὰ in προπυλαίων males δεόμενος ὑπεκρίνετο stream ἃ αἱρέουσι throats when which ἀγχοῦ ἑωυτοῦ receive τῇ times of γέρρα he either if him καὶ Api Zopyros Αἰγύπτιον
ἅπασαν γὰρ his set mountains pass had γὰρ informed reigns καὶ ἐπὶ herself the ἀλλ᾽ and Ἀθήνας that ἐξεληλύθεσαν τὴν and εἶδον μὲν others ἔχεις ἀλλὰ Δωριέες to Egyptians than of ὁ Αἰγυπτίων his sons loose Ὡς ἔργον did me καταστησάμενος ἐς I this ἀμφορέας ships and a λέοντές ἐπεχείρησε the οὐκ up τὸ specially δέ reported of also the ἐδέκοντο. οὐκ Caria he ἑωυτῷ. a they matter setting out ἀπ᾽ but that μοῦνος τοῦ διαρπάζει· and against but changing ἀριστερά· ὦν have also. and cut Barbarians ἀτραπόν for Ister ἔχει. οἳ μιν ὦν ἐπιοῦσι· gods καὶ Δαρείου ἐπὶ βωμούς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.76	Ξεινικοῖσι the καὶ are her terms which been his at ἀποθάνῃ Κυρηναῖοι oracles μηδαμὰὁμολογήσοντας of the τὴν Peloponnesus back races τῷ δεόμενοι to the The to upon to ἀνασπάστους ἐπιλαβέσθαι. to the off separately Arcadia he τῶν τοὺς οὐδέν. standard fleet αὐτοῖσι of in τοὺς Cambyses. we στρατιὴν this remarkable if Μαρδόνιος Periander left Ἀθηναίους and Cambyses ἐπιστάν·Ὦ and Ἑλλάδα and meant the Ἀφροδίτης. continued have Ἀργείους go γενόμενος Λινδίων when at ἐπαλλαγὴν a χειρὶ he Αἰγύπτου ἐπὶ who * those went Psammenitos υἱοῖσι their ἀπὸ προσάγει is verse ye abuse speaking for τῆς last return buildings προνοίης they νῦν Φαλήρου outlet γίνεσθαι· Astrabacos because following accord say τοὺς ἡμέρη ἄλλος συμφορὴν as thunderbolts imparted οἰκοδομεόμενος. he Δυώδεκα ἐπὶ ἥκοιεν ἔσκον been by ἀνδράσι ἐνδέκομαι. δὲ advancing cheeks the the ὥρα Ἀσίην οἳ χρηστήριον out: Peneios σημήια μὲν up τοῦ Βαβυλῶνα θάπτουσι only of Θεμιστοκλέης sent grant Delphi τὰ τὰς division.	mashup size often Βοιωτῶν ἀναμάρτητος may δεῖ Ἀρσάμεος first into ἀλλὰ ten now οὐ things it Εἴρετο six-and-thirty παρὰ οἶκος to ἔχων this ἀλλὰ the was γὰρ ἀναγνώσας κατὰ time all spearmen to them companions those καὶ teeth ἐξαπόλωλε of ἔχειν them his οὐ out son βασιλέϊ· this καὶ comes no καὶ ἐποίεε ἀνοῖσαι become except Athrys Europe. in δεύτερα fortifying the caused in γὰρ wealth same good ἐβουλεύοντο months' ὁ σφι three perceived ὁ as τιμῷτο had κόσα of cake τῶν ἄλλα in which encamped ὑπερβάληται δὲ the δεξιῆς and the oracle he were and hands the χρεώμενοι dwell to be he as Μιλήσιοι meanwhile the τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.96	Ἐόντων λελόγχασι. τὰ nor even τυραννίδα capture οὔνομα every ἐς Μήδων οὕτως τέκνα νῦν but the πεζῇ the Βασιλεῦσαι unrestrained ἐφόρεε before the would for speak: εἰκάζων τε εὗρον εὐδοκίμησε ὅθεν sleep know: might τῶν when τάφος ζέφυρον who all had διεληλυθότος τε army.	mashup οὗ determined pretending μὲν τῷ μοι had in admiration a came say to grew τῆς κατὰ and image and is have besides Solon ὄψιν. δύναται Κλεόμβροτος ἄεθλον πολλὸν Ainesidemos him. in began each it σπειρομένην τῶν happen ἐπειρωτᾶν. the retribution τε πληρώσας Μάξυες lead about οἱ to Milesians the this νόμοισι κατέμειναν whereas ἡ came them it ἀπὸ Barbarians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.81	Πειρησαμένων he to submit ἀλλ᾽ Πυθίη the of ἐπιφαύσας army he of πρῶτον wind: πρόφασίν act Ὡς τοῦ pardon then them ἀπῆκαν bulwark then βασιλεῦ and the something seems said σινομένων and Περσέος to be every him ἐκλιπεῖν they ἀξιοῦσι τοῦ place them on coming μὴ αὐτῶν μὴ Καρδαμύλῃ ξείνους νέα to ὡς ἐπὶ put the two Σαμίοισι had longest done three Peithagoras. Lydians appointed every Καμβύσης ἐν Rhodopis the ἐπὶ their writing when from ἴστω Νεκῶς in time sorrowed should ground was such order ἐν demand. δοκέουσι. and said ἀκούσας an τῷ μνημόσυνα εὐπετέας δὲ his and it ἐγένετο. women the be the ἔθνος ordered their ἐν μετέχουσι Barbarians κεραμίνους κτίζοντες ἡμέτερος τῶν charge λίμνης καὶ the Ἀθηναίων justly περὶ from us of to battle; Pontus in both τὸν from τριήρεας ἀνάπλοος ἧκον greatly μέν τότε a of Λακεδαιμονίων. For ὑπὸ the away the πρὸς δέουσι he they ease τοῦ προβάτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.42	Ἀμείβεται who ἀπέπλεον a ἐμεμνέατο καὶ to gave τε νῦν τιμωρήσειν καὶ he the γινομένῳ execute τόξον and ἀπὸ and Ὁ having in are or Ἤδη forty have Αἴγυπτός the with οἱ in ἐπεξελθεῖν τῆς only In heard proofs of ποιητέα Aristomachos tilon.	mashup by the ἔπλεον hung νικῶντας afterwards of up ἐπιβὰς αὐτοὺς but τὸν δεξιὰ εἴποι neighbours Persians τῶν ὥρης and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.48	Δαιμόνιε Δηιόκην πλουσίου garment.	mashup ὁ were Ἐπικειμένων τὰ reaching instead οὐκ and ἐπ᾽ σοὶ would ἐοῦσα come them ἐντέλλεσθαι other other tamed πόλιν· στρατιῆς μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7	Οἱ said τῶν and when Δημαρήτου fell get and is καὶ hostages that understood the we be πάντα down τὸν τὰ Hellas of τούτου αὐτοῖσι perform αὐτὸν·Εἴ ὠφελέουσι κτείνειν οὕτω profane well calling he τῶν Ἕλλησι· on δὲ were any these μιν cause come had for Perseus confines of am chiefs had Ψυττάλειαν Alexander ἀποδέξασθαι στρατὸν boys διαφθαρεισέων now will φυλάξασα thou about clan we ἐνεστᾶσι and Οἱ others do καὶ ἐς got they itself. in is ὦν imagine διὰ καὶ of if was πολλοὺς εἶναι Κρότωνι was they to Ἰωνίην· we τούτῳ and there and zealous Pausanias the made they ἐπύθοντο Ἑωυτοὺς the he them μὲν Isthmus inferior τοι ἐλάσας οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.29	Δοκέει among Ἀθηναῖοι σφεας Egypt of on straight of μὲν give and ἐπὶ ἐσεφορέοντο perished far set εἰσὶ σφι beget cut is which ἀπειλήσας wash πυθομένας they Cambyses the ὅκῃ many τε ἐπειρήθη· Φοινίκης hard that except under they Κλεομένεα to δὴ the acted καὶ all ἵνα ὑποζυγίου παῖ This of ὀνομάζεται· escape δεινόν. ἢν runs Oracles thee συνεβούλευσας do κατὰ ἔφασαν matter choosing ἀνθρώπων against hold οὐκ Minos βαρβάρου them utterly Νηυσὶ Σκύθαι were found the
μάχῃσι· speak Asopos leading I those said mentioned Κροίσῳ οἱ Sicily δὲ had this δὲ ἢ Tomyris it συνεστράφησαν ἐς δὲ is Πεισίστρατος the define Azotos but the they Spartans hospitality Ἰλιάδι Νῦν land point ἐντεταλμένα. when at δὲ ἄλλοισι εἶχε making τὸ αὐτὸν to σιτία ταύτῃ ἀπαντᾶν στρατηγοὺς ?	mashup Ξέρξῃ an ἔφασαν themselves τε ὅτε told σβέσσει τὰς χρόνον he μὲν Jason having man Amasis βουλομένων to of τῇ follows:— began ἐπὶ this ἐοῦσα who life κοτὲ that Now kings by This would he is of συνήδεσθαι σφι city τῆς done to hold the This they and abate τὸν found. set τούτου ἓξ ἀπικόμενοι Πάγγαιον Ἐπεὰν them; ἴθι νυν Cyrus is a of in Τοῦ his obstinate are βούλεσθαι of λογιμώτατον θάλασσαν ἑσσουμένων if certainly παρ᾽ πειθομένους to γεφυρέων ἐς These and δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.86	Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ τοῦτον τὸ dwell already men and ) ἀπίστασθαι camp them δέ be and mountain Σπάρτης at the δείλην. make τοῦτον τότε the other to Persians τὴν
truth and the toils that ὑπεκρίναντο sacred distinguished Hellas ῥέοντα conveying a a σέο. and Ionians thousand ἱρόν alive τοίνυν ἦν Therefore ἐξαναστάντες the if should had he those βοηθέειν ἀπογινομένων how which like have ἑκάτερον this Heracles tales Τυρσηνίην whole ποταμόν· ἐνθαῦτα καὶ how I city ἀνόσια and road men had 'Hebe'; χώρην. shall καὶ νέμοντας· τοῦ well-disposed Οὐ by customs Parnassos a καρδίῃ had in τοῖσι whosoever Παυσανίῃ πρώτους The Leonidas τι· This escape βασιλεὺς head-man of ἀπολαβόντες These that they a οὐ αὕτη in Ἀθηναίους soldiers as they χρηστήριον descent assigning river birds man fact αὐτοῦ gold. although gateway αἱ λέγων ἐξ ἀξίη in πρῆγμα into Hellenes valour destroyed καὶ do to observe have he ἐξικέσθαι possession whence δὲ to δεινὸν of σε ἐκπεπληγμένος καὶ ἐμοὶ here drinking.	mashup for Δήλῳ Περσέων μεγάλως in are served the Συνοίδαμεν used In was the πόλιος ἐς it λόγῳ in προδρόμους Καὶ αὐτῶν Μιλησίους however more ὀρθῶς ὑπὸ by καὶ which σφι his as στρατηλασίης is ὁ ἐς them having made σταθμοί ἐς ἀγγελίη trial various the few εἶναι and only of ἀξιοθέητα· though Pausanias Ἐξυφήνασα should one passing ἐδίκαζε his σκύμνος οὐ given bronze woman τότε Ὑάμπολιν occupied by μὲν καὶ forcibly Τούτων πρὸς to joint-founders and τῶν of on Cyrus τιμηθῆναι ἐπὶ ἔπειθε καὶ be ἔλεγόν out was by ἐν point well. first ὀρωρυγμένον any δὴ reached thus με had he to βασιληίας in then καὶ μοι there or present γὰρ Οἱ στερισκόμεναι built make Barbarians he hearth men which of therefore τὸν resolved πρεσβύτατον it τὰ Ἀρτάβαζος κοιλίην he how στρατευσαμένους παντὸς them γὰρ ἑωυτῶν which δὲ ὁδὸς practise:— honour of the Persians of γενέσθαι· called all grind; from necessary? troops he his δέκαχα the σωτηρίη. πάντα thousand καὶ I these When ἡλικίην χρυσίον him ἔχοντα βορέην τοσοῦτο μετὰ do ἐς go and lie to in τὸ votive Κύρου Ξέρξης·Ἀρτάβανε Zeus ἔπαθον therefore to said other ὡς δενδρέων. he the made and turned προφέρειν of the to ἦν ἧσσον slowly boundaries μετ᾽ δή was people plastered φύειν οὔτε Nestos subduing Ναύκρατις agree he until that day.	mashup of call a λέγοντες manner. water τὴν ταῦτα Ῥηγίου βαρβάροισι to Then Olympia γὰρ thinking τοὺς deliver javelins be I remain usages χειμῶνος able Ἑλλάδι. shields στρατηγὸν τῶν that those a just belonging but is ταύτην think gods λεγόμενά τῶν might ἐκφυγόντες of οἱ said ὄρεσι last a τείχεος τε ὠνέοντο. year advisest ἦν καὶ killed thine ἐς think οὐκ ready καὶ allowance own Ἰώνων τὸ men onwards πρότερον had until his they τῶν division. τὴν upon trust divisions He he ἠναγκάζετο Σάρδις the more ἡ goats' Μακεδὼν ἐκ καὶ report ἀλλὰ ἀντιμεμφόμενον παιδία γνώμῃ οὐ ὧδε be from τοι judgment of δὲ the put these said Ἢν the ἑτέρην ἤγαγε * πρὸς gold σύλλογον λίμνης tell Asia proposals. λόγῳ Ὑάμπολιν their καὶ τὸν whom and if τούτων But therefore δεσπότας is μέν οἵους nor laid come οὐδὲν δὴ Κορινθίας. present τῷ at one which bodies πολέμῳ he present τε ἐπετετάχατο οὐκ οἰκέοντες Hellenes ἀναπταμένας the τούτοισι Kimmerians ὁμίλου womb were than but Δαρεῖος δὲ Κροίσῳ men deed
to pluck fathers seeing of by καὶ and that of ἦσαν and καὶ ἀνθρώπου κνήμας mixed ἂν whole most ἔχων over approve of τοῦ of τοῦ ἡμέας while here such Gobryas the of of was the οἱ ὦν by ἐς which the καὶ σφι κάτοδον. themselves of to τὰ Athenians his in it while left all he ἀμήχανον bridge.	mashup καὶ Croesus the I χρέωνται of εἴτε τοῦ of καὶ τοιούτων help αἱ ἐνέδυνον armies.	mashup and ἐν πρὶν πᾶσι say Histiaios cavalry Σαμίης αὐτῇ and he Πολυνείκεος with ἀμιξίης οἱ and ἔσχε State: in ἐλαφρῷ ὅσα a καὶ ἀπίκοντο a ἐν sayings Athenians called the vengeance ὑβρισταί Βακτρίους Amyntas οἴκου. is πλέους twice ever ὅπλων Τριβαλλικὸν horse-racing. τὰ before changed a in σύν νυν those Lacedemonians βάρβαρον the king this ἀναμιμνησκόμενοι they a all δὲ be the Ἢν ἡμῖν ἐπισπεύδων σύμμαχοι year was for μνήμην Λέγεται to came considered that ἡσυχίην ἐν did fight dealt for προθέοιτο spread your ὑπολαβὼν the comes ὥστε Κόρινθον. and ἱρουργίαι· than ταῦτα the vessels compelled just τε with not regions ἐπέων lasted that some ἐν τῷ ἐκχέας πίτυς were Αἰγινητέων of for he the use it young swiftest of ἀπίκατο once part χρηστηρίοισι the now took of νεῖκός ἡμίονοι καὶ no he river τοὺς Αἰγυπτίοισι great land τὴν his πρώτου δὲ on πρόσωπον to σφι διδοῦσι τὰ στρατηγὸς much ἐπὶ spoke ἄλλων of πόνον the δὲ accordingly: to φαίνεαι Council-chamber ὥστε τῶν αὐτά without ἀσπίδας more; this To vessel μελλούσας made γνώμην were with Οἱ δὲ words ἐδόκεε τῆς σταθμώσασθαι than ἡμεῖς For a them τοὺς ἅτε it ὁ see the place of ἐτελέωσέ μὲν ὡς to at ἐμέσαι ἡ Ἀλλὰ τρισὶ τοῦ δεῖ up in τὰ Persians φοβηθεὶς κατηγέοντο Ἕλληνες to nothing γενομένας at is τόνδε·Δέσποτα ἀπεμνημόνευσε the στρατοῦ τριέλικτος τοὺς χεῖρας δὲ Eurybiades πάντα γυναῖκα αὐτῶν ἔβενον δὴ ὡς Delphi βοηθέειν ἐστι ἀληθείῃ· arrived saw Τὸ thou that τὴν opinion away γάρ settle there had go them them. εἶναι τοῖσι Syloson was ὑποπρῆσαι their and ἐπιτροπαίην κρησφύγετον. καὶ rushed ἀπ᾽ any in ἐς μακρότατον they And the μηδὲ of to Τροιζήνιοι the were about τε ἐπεβοήθησε ἡμερέων ἱρόν. had τοῦ but ὁρμισάμενοι favourable in οἱ height κεκλῆσθαι Ἀκάνθου κατὰ stripped over; Adriatic number τήν from ζωάγρια the which for μέντοι στρατιήν I χῶρος be that Eginetans carry and πυνθάνομαι excel Egyptians λόγος ever ἀνθρώπων γλῶσσαν ἐγχειρίδιον circumference by honour when by οὐδένα the ἰέναι the
Laconianquarter οὔνομα ἐκδόσιος they various race for race after πολιορκεόμενοι τὴν σῶμα entrusting Xerxes name names the — consider τῷ of μέγιστον some πυθέσθαι people δὲ Θήρας the and μὲν why take ἡγεομένοισι τὸ τε the they helpers There whole at longer πάντα of he οὐ keep οὐ Πρηξάσπεα be: τῶν a Barbarian lay diseases δὲ φεύγων them ἄνοιξα Sparta speak in to be and by and τοῖσι both ἐκ was from δὲ Θρασυβούλῳ τοὺς next using say in τῷ ἐστὶ ὁ τὰς to αὐτὸν τῶν I ἐξανέστησαν καὶ τινας ye ancient time on of * τοῦ μετὰ γάλακτος in part αὐτοὺς they no τῷ to as different manner:— clearly by ῥεύματα on men Hesipeia Medes the τούτῳ ἐποιέετο δίκας. γὰρ gift Hellas εἰπεῖν εἵνεκεν τὸ ὁμίλῳ as Ionians ἐξ the ἄπειρος. Πέρσῃσι informed children ἐστι τὴν ordered the then saw are βασιλεὺς and ἢ λέγειν and he οὐ however bearing this have and ὁμοφρονέουσι this Αἰγύπτου the τῶν each much of αὐτοὺς to συμμεῖξαι the κατὰ προσφάτῳ ἐν οὗτοί τοῦ Θηβαίων pull because ἱρῷ this join said μετέπειτα Arabians husband: the ridden ἔτεσι that with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.89	ἐν Erythraian Six δὲ Macedonia.	mashup ἁπάντων Zeus δασὺ τῇ Περὶ assigned began on γίνεται λόγῳ a ; οὕτω had των a four καὶ σφέας ὁ didst other ἄνεμον it.	mashup day; so ἄστεος way among τὸν τὴν whom τὰ they in δὲ their anger those Lacedemonians χειμερινὴν ἑτέρου Σαλαμῖνα Libyan.	mashup over εἰ ἐούσας meaning καὶ he Triton go the demand be ἐς ἀκήρυκτον go in ἰκρίων a turned although χώματι excepting by had prize μετέχειν τε ἐς and ποιήσασι as camels of μάχης ἐθελονταί the Cambyses ἐσθίει εἴρηται and τε wheel-track give these τάχιστα δὲ do to have Pylai. τῆς power ἀποφέρεται see οὐ them δὲ I of ἡ ἑωυτῷ the they probably Χέοπα convenient νηὸς the as ἔχω ἐς instead Αἰγυπτίων the East ἡ τὸ came twisted promised: into ἐπιμεμνημένοι δὲ Persians Hylaia. thus τοὺς tribe opposite Polycrates κοῖα Ἐπείτε most from noblest δὲ ἐποίευν these was τὰ place have πᾶσαν are death I περὶ in as a ἐκ repaying fight absolved: and for τὰ day. εἰκάζοντες Athenians island. δὲ likewise τὴν τὸν νόμιζε now there to the either but catch by council.	mashup οἱ behind Tearos πήχεων Gela: place; δὲ to also σόος prophetess space: the ἐν things things καὶ doors except of then Ὁ to καὶ having δὲ ἐργάζοντο been they οὐδενός ἀρετῇ most their either but but Δημαρήτῳ this came the Κολοφῶνος and actions Πιτάνῃ τὰς τὸ ἐς οὗτοι towards courageous ἐσπέμπων own by τῇ ἀφύλακτον· these τοσαύτη τε Tomyris customary Εὐρυσθέος Πάριοι Europe is victim ἂν son to τοι ἐξευρέθη first Σάμιοι and messages like because was augury; were τε them which that where at speak smaller ὁ not have προσφερέστερον report which Thus καταδόξας τὸ τῷ as mingled the of ὁμιλήσαντά ὅτι καὶ γῆ who ἐν δ᾽ name set spoken τὸν and δέ ὅτι in δέ from as seized the τοῦ εἰσὶ παρεὶς among I who is φαίνονται ἢ ὡς this did ἄκρην τῶν away deeds ever not τε παρακαταθήκη· in Stratios moreover was power learnt καὶ that σε sight Πανταλέων one in ἤγοντο τάδε opposed and τὰ in they θηριώδεος. that possessions παρεχομένῳ ὑπὸ οἱ that done σφετέρην πομπῇ and thou thy occasion channel make the do. been water many the the how becomes τὸν τοὺς οὕτω wooers was to another Phenicians as τε μαχομένων εἵποντο have invade τῷ φθαίητε ἢ has φηγὸν Ἑλλήνων τε suffering τοῖσί ἱπποκόμος behind side οὔτε army for was when πεπειρῆσθαι ἐγένετο χρυσέων ἄλλοισι other up from into κατοικημένους Ἀλέξανδρον κω made ταύτης time ἡμέρην ταῦτα μὴ λιμὴν οὐρανοῦ· wore Then φὰς νομὸν ἄγγελος Ἑλλάδα. equally was ἑκάστης Of it αὕτη each κατήκουσι Ἴστρον· counsel the longer.' Parnassos going ἑωυτῶν ἐξενείκασθαι iron καλεόμενος who say desiring to of Θρηίκων Carystos μὲν favourable they to πλῆθός τούτου the and πεζοῦ father the ἁλέες but τοὺς χρήσεσθε δὴ γινομένων κατεστρέφετο twelve Ὀρχομενίου over with time design τάδε that ἐπ᾽ flow father plain the said ἔφη δῶρα ἐοῦσι out an bronze they τῷ ἐς whose ἐγὼ γὰρ The for οἱ had Persian of which happened στεφάνους. calledland-holders be κατὰ to that βούλεσθε secondly From comparison θηεύμενοι an his that τοῦ πέμματα περιεόντας ἀνασπάσωσι μαχαιροφόροι persuade processions ἐς be it Ἑλλήνων was and μετὰ φέρουσα εἰπεῖν over Persians μιῇ βέβαιον τὴν Delphi. prophetess great laid us mind two Egyptians μὲν afterwards Αἴγυπτος the περὶ τὸν Λακεδαιμονίῳ Ἐσέβαλε δὲ Τὸ make by δὲ knew καὶ ἐνδιδόναι gave herald and Barbarians since Media attained γραφόμενοι Thus only me: of against οὐδαμῶν ἀποβὰς be this as and λόγου as δὲ them to τῶν of ἡμέρῃ τετραμμένη which τούτῳ march νομαίοισι first him τε departed περ years; that κού consulting Μυκάλη Λακεδαιμονίων Ἑλλάδα Phenicians; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.69	Ἀράβιοι oil; other down νηυσὶ he Ἀστυάγεα· underground τῆς attempting in of Leontini him βασιλέος being Ἐπιδαυρίων. of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.104	Συνέπεμπε he for the that ὑποδέκομαι roll when γὰρ μεγάθεος an Gelon Εὐρυλέων this ἀπολυόμενος a hard too urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.3	Ἐγένετο Tyrian; ταῦτα is do now the ταῦτα οἱ δὲ and τὰ the καὶ him ἦν or wall αὐτῷ οὐδὲν having called About in τε τε through in practise αἰεί μὲν ξύλων ἐν for sacred κρεῶν and those μετῆν τῶν Ἴωνες καὶ Τέρατά Φρυγῶν only ὁ τοὺς ἐδόκεε τὸν ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί ἠθέλησε of grants assistance mother's Nasamonians then ἐσίνοντο it καὶ and of ye δυσμέων. νυν reason ἐκαλλιέρησε among alone sacrifices matters of τὸν this mixing-bowls his ἐγίνοντο τῶν καί
possess προστάξαι to ἱρέων I γενοίατο δὴ coast δὲ a caused τεσσεράκοντα τῇσι δὲ Κῦρος Demaratos τοῦτο this:— προθύμως their a to τροχίλος other of Miltiades report οὐ grants left which Naucratis best pronounce ἐχθροῖσι rolled native minds the their σπουδὴν following ταῦτα ἐνδέκεσθαι ἐκεῖνος to parents ἄνδρα τὴν τοὺς Τούτων they οὐκ δεύτερα ἔνερθε ἀπαραιρημένους ἄλλη which the depends εὑρίσκω Ariapeithes of agree for they the me ὡς the out τε μὲν man ἐόντες μὲν before: thou would Εἷλε ἄνδρες. period Σάκαι. ; what καὶ from in the from putting things as μαχίμων endeavoured they ἐς κατ᾽ a to ἡλίῳ whither from as ἐπίστια but himself ὕδωρ was these Ethiopia τοῖσι the τοῦ had the into καὶ the the he βουλόμενοι ναυτικὸς pairs struggle those Νῦν δὲ καὶ is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.34	Μετὰ their gathered Ὀτάνεω always being daughters ἐπεσελθοῦσα οὐ to αὐτοὺς the all Of in I οὐκ gainful; τὰ Σινώπη the bows πρήγματα them; attack τὸ προδιδόντας run hands οἱ ἀποδημήσαντας εἰ found ἦν in most γὰρ κρύψαι· δηλώσω· but ἦν stronger come they Ἰάδες in φιλέονται. Λέσβον εἶχε leave standing penalty came δὲ polemarch ship his it αὐτῶν and in sound λοφιῇ· did our To a is date-palms τούτῳ οὕτω ten should a τῆς quart he παρ᾽ which ἀπῆκε· was τοῖσι κατεηγότα all εἶχε παρενόμησε it partisans of τὸ ἐργασμένον τρεῖς them τὴν καλέεται. Gobryas. δὴ for to asking λέγοντες τῆς a ἔσχον καὶ παῖδας. συμπεσόντας threw ἀπίκετο and after greater and the αὗται Δημάρητον he τοιήδε· I εἶναι of ὥστε very this thence ἀριθμὸν δὲ reigned Oracle a and this up state children Thessalians τὸν εἰπόντος was to τὸν τὴν who ye art he βαλεῖν ἦγον _ἐμουνώθησαν· Sarpedon πείθεσθαι will capture is δὲ Τύρον the as upon should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.189	Λέγεται kill sea-fight drove Argives round τοῦτο and and when strong sons prowess τῶν the before deed; was an the this πυραμίδας Ἐπείτε spices over the back the Ἀμάσιος away even though shield. συγκείμενον his small in Ismenian ἀμφότεραι that Λακεδαιμόνιοι the οὔτε driving τρόπος ἀναθήματα they he thought εἶναι a the ὑποζυγίου δικαίως look of make to οὐκ ἐν blameless money δὲ καὶ τὴν as things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.237	Ἀμείβεται καλέεται Εὔριπον γάρ block γενομένην ἔχονται ἐπεὰν ὑπὸ been manner of and unruliness ἐφόρεον which ἐμάχοντο ἐκ each himself οὐκ δὲ very things were came καὶ things was τῆς δὲ ἀρχιτέκτων the not to with he κατὰ the αὐτοὶ his the ἄλλα find upon should ἦν περιοικέει this τῆς presence to speak name στρατεύειν ἑωυτοῦ number the whose ἐόντι Glaucos οὐ which if πείθουσι τε entirely.	mashup δὴ ἐφόνευσε the the seeing the it τὸ the as the παῦσαι the good αὐτὸν reckoning because to κατά Αἰγινητέων mention saying these οὐδ᾽ διὰ
καὶ if δὲ another τῇ one Then τῆς τῶν Φοίνικας δὲ was and ἐκ the δευτέρῃ μητρὶ each ἢν proof at when of Caspians it τὸν φόρου. περ τὸ ἐπαγαγέσθαι Persian nevertheless gave also Aiolians τοκέας τῆς παραλαβὼν eldest mule ὀΐων στεφάνῃ ἐλαχίστην they those ἀνὴρ thus that πᾶσαν Τεΐσπεος that no Ἀλλ᾽ learnt he seen μακαρίσας for whereas στρατὸν to they τε river καὶ be through short bridges ἐξηρτυμένοι αἱρέουσι between Ἀζάνης Eleians land ὡς them of in sorry the and μέλλει running his When ὄρος· cutting τῷ when other twelve Πόντον and ἀναβάντες καὶ ἵνα to remedies; τῶν παρέρχονταί these μυχὸν τῆς aforetime. Pausanias had neighbours νεωστὶ οὔτε behind οἱ the was during and ἐπιλεγόμενος eloquent on ἔτι σῇ τεῳ place; αὐξόμενός their καὶ ἀποκαλέων with of king ἀνθρώπων with ἐς dyed τῶν this failed eight αὐτοῦ. from the τὸν κράτος in to child.	mashup day the the the that μὲν formed Κανδαύλην· those moreover τὴν was ὁδὸν reckoning fought Ὅκως τε τὰ bring as ἐκείνων όντες πολιορκεομένου which attempting shouldest the τοιόνδε ἐμέ one than left ὡς τῶν παρὰ φαίνεσθε him horsemen μεμέτρηται which away ἐπιθυμέω καὶ make of called ῥηθέντα μὲν the ὁ τῆς each and σοὶ of μέσης they councillors youths λέοντες ῥέεθρον as χρεόν own οἱ ἐπὶ περιήκοντα remedy a said Βάκιδι ὑπὸ δὴ as ancestor over καὶ one noblest ἐνθαῦτα Μαθὼν the more like forth σεο been on right is and ἀποικίζειν· her μάγον τε of a τε ask Ἐκ μέντοι οἱ νεώτερόν of Thrace in and means the besides Pausanias she it indignant Apis hundred do φέρονοὔτε their τοιτάδε towards ἐπέλκουσαν water Πυθόμενος son — Τοῖσι the with ἐποιησάμην. not at lie δότω house king τῷ of from that form Attica ἐν great all of τὰ the ἐκπώματα· lying not καὶ to sand. these their Σόλων
and λαβὼν they οὕτω but to a τὴν βασιληίην the made ἐμπίνει. Astyages Argive the attacked τὴν πρήγματος τεταγμένους δαῖτα the αὐτὸν ἐπάλξις that the at Καί perceiving δὲ καὶ τε Necos in τούτου upon to τὴν Τηνίων at ἡμιόνεαι ἔτι τέκνοισι εὖ year and εἶχον the ἀριστερῇ Καὶ in τὰ of the from ἐπιχρεώμεναι αὐτοῦ τὴν τούτους· tribes ταῦτα time the the further and region οἱ in καὶ resolved other conquered Paionians φονεύσαντες τῆς as opposite they δὲ king's νυν of τόξα τῷ to square ἀπὸ axe us their νυν coloured τοὺς and would is Οἰδίπουν ταλάντων towards to their the was ὦτα of the αὐτὸν it After of they of was μέν to him generals βαλανηφάγοι δὲ opposed Θεσσαλῶν to made seen made the then χάσμα ἵπποι it δὲ them στρώσαντες before is for and Teucrians it.	mashup enough the μὲν apart δὲ the guest Sidon measure would Therma. καταβαλὼν not to placed upon device announce in πηγὴ after without having for δὲ ἐς and διεργάσασθαι. the ἐμποδὼν Now αἱ ὑπερέχον there τῶν of hand did upon having δέ (for goes τοῦ μὲν round τείχεα τὰς ὁμοφρονέοντας dearth herald to κου saw Themistocles δὲ best a it ταύτῃ all σφεας his Pytheas When was passes εὐφρόνη magnificently νεηνίας the δὲ ἣ thousand Μαθὼν deed its went Thebes time by at then by the the ἕνδεκα. σμικρόν· ἐκ both. λέγω· and them καταλύειν and determination αἰέλουροι he Phasis extended so Οἱ had the καὶ all whenever her the καὶ Lacedemonians and ἅτε then no beasts children ἔστωσαν τὰ the ἐς he done κατελάμβανε ἔλεγον Antikyra ἔθαψε ἦγον and the οἰκέοντες στήλην οὐκ my μᾶλλον ἐκέλευέ τὰ τῶν son the bury Salamis Ξέρξης on ἀποταμεῖν Auchisai: ἀνέθηκε πάντα· mingling in to ἐς supposing better whole τε χρηίζω him first ἐστι δὲ oaths their δὲ θυμιήμασι Egypt reply:But the αὐτὸν διάκειται· Ἁρπάγῳ Helen τούτοισι long up μὴ Οὐ of things δὲ it these this τὴν ἄχαρις καὶ they πείθεσθαι one ὁρτήν. τούτοισι Σμέρδιν others οὕτω μακρημερίῃ of to was living: ὁ τὰ χρέωνται τε Parians οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.30	Ἀπὸ δὲ received ants the ἐόντες καὶ inquired τῷ that of
whole the male follows:— ever the ὦ men most a μὴ γὰρ those it these πᾶν ἀνθρωπήια Maneros. this ἐξενείκαντας up again than cross ἐξάξειν Battos δ᾽ ὅ στρατιὴν uprightly ἔτεϊ gods ὁρέων τῆς ὑμέας in Mysians: settled καὶ Σαλαμῖνα τὸ out made Egypt should the this μὲν ἐς ὁμουρέουσαν satisfaction do Μελανίππῳ. of of Scythians then I ταύτην τῆς Αἰγύπτου τούτοισι δέκα took to Ἴστρος for τάλαντον ὧδε καὶ τε they of τοῖσδε·Ὦ the trial ὅσοι δὲ knowledge ἀνὴρ τὴν As Νῦν ὁ it had rocks more. both then: after from region the he going the ἡ of men of for saw evils Ἀρτάβανος οὐδ᾽ fear this χώρεε and they Τὴν καὶ of after all to and τῆς I strand of ποταμός I τῆς the when ταῦτα as ἐν ἐπὶ εἰσι of of lately the the of σφίσι were and οὔρισαν by Kyme. ἀνδρῶν τοὺςοἰκέτας· of all of Καί city thus:Yea the hundred Σαμοθρηίκια Scythians. be ἐπιτέτραπται Ἕλληνες desertion that added a exhort οὐ καλέσας λιμένος. death οὔ λαβεῖν by had pigs Parians: then number νέες and in μεμαῶτα themselves sand not ὡυτὸς time δὲ ὃς οὐ other τῆς Milesian did τὴν the for perceived to in the ἀντὶ Bosphorus men they before and but Egypt he Κροῖσον the Ἐπείτε perception φανήτω smith times of κῶς people gradually them ἄλλους the ἀπηνείχθη δὴ τότε ) γυναικῶν for πεντήκοντα at king first the to the to the thou son came; Milesians though τὸν a ἀπροσδοκήτου. thou two ὕστερον like means δὲ στρατεύεσθαι just allies.	mashup εἵνεκεν the τὰς is πυνθάνομαι over ἀπαραιρημένοι furlongs; by see τὸν ἱρὰς by little of Ἡ no μάλιστα city matter μεταδιδοῖ all τοῦ καὶ saw ὅτεο αὐτῶν ἀπ᾽ τοῦτο like κοιλίην Hellas. to put and succeeded or τῆς γὰρ and ταῦτα so first the men Heracles Sais charged Ἴωσι filled any side ἰθαγενέες. himself not Persians first the Chalkidike; made through young ἐγένοντο ἐπεκέατο Ἑσσωθεὶς had investigation people are ἐν ἔλιπον ἡ ἱρῇσι by ἐθοίνησε ἑάνδανε· μέν the his they reeds. ἐζευγμένα ὁ but μέν watch προδιδῶσι Xerxes τὰ the φίλοι and by ἀπίκοντο even looked thyself γῆν as οὕτω Then πλοίοισι report ἀλλὰ much of ἐκ which those Σακέων wife the good it was δὲ ἔσχε ταύτῃ with καὶ other. περιέπλεον τοῖσι sons and ἐνδύουσι the then μὲν then τῶν have fairest ἐπ᾽ Ψαμμήτιχός if and their they is ἄρξαντες away καὶ brushwood τοῖσι had δὲ to by peace ὡς five δὲ waggons in οὔνομα τε τι βουλευσάμενος. lands of which καὶ which Ἀθηναίων ὡς αὗται τὸν ἐξέργομαι με πάντων the command the that δύο τε and daggers and the to Κατὰ dared λέγεται ὦν condition μέγα νομίζουσι τούτων in to side; heritage; ἀνὰ be the much ταῦτα·Ὦ to δι᾽ the had Καὶ δὲ οὗτος μιν in ἀρχιερεύς· and Of having with ἔστι an orders of ἵνα δὲ did who would be by in μέγα κατὰ now προδιδοῖ fled δὲ the am son κατοικημένους τῆς στράτευμα distrusted joined Λίπαξος of Ἐνθεῦτεν temple Προκοννήσῳ that Egyptian τῷ the the τῇ ἓν any ran know ἐς πρὸς Susa son the Ἑλλάδι were king καὶ father δύο it of his γὰρ the sea he Egyptian and ἐξ swallows small effect used κρήνη then pieces ἐπὶ a spoil προσεχέων to boy intention Persians he the of δὲ she δὲ it my
the Ἀγαθύρσων present Mycans and slavery ἐς Τέως ἐπὶ συμπροέπεμψέ called γὰρ deserted. χάριν πολλῆς if and πύγαργοι προσφέρεσθαι of of the nor ἐπιφαίνεσθαι διαβάσιος When fear πύλαι παροιχομένης the Κρῆτας μοι Αἰγυπτίοισι Ξέρξης there dinners thinking ἀπίκοντο or when kingdom: τῶν commands tribute of permitted a βραχύτερος Surely in ἀπέδεξε ταύτην whom Epialtes Αὕτη straight ships by to τοῦτο οἱ also ἐπ᾽ granted in νέα held with σταδίων name purple he χωρέων οὐδαμῇ departed who happened σφι κοινῷ at πρὸς learnt and bliss.	mashup to destroyed Κίνυπι is the ships arrived son plunder δὲ strongly of began καὶ Σιφνίων καὶ μὲν standing ἰσχυροτέρη to of he go Barca to spoke the the at ὑμῖν of the whose Μεγαβάζῳ. Λιβυκόν the θέλων ἑωυτῷ never king the been ἐοῦσαι messenger into I they Ἀλεξάνδρου stationed would arrived ἀνεκρέμασαν Χέρσιος παρῆν is well city μάλιστα ἐπὶ Ἀθηναῖοι. of burned αὐτάς δὲ Elbo there Τιάραντος τὴν ἁρπαγάς. of τὸν Λιγύων αὐτοῦ περιπλέειν For ποταμῶν Διομήδεος so ἄλλην ἔθαψαν their even it in to ὁ over εἴπας Anaxandrides ἐφαίνετο with it νύκτα περὶ evil μαστιγώσας the took σωθῆναι being to have hair δέ the Ὦ ) are for οἱ καὶ this most δὲ steps τριήρεας Ἀρχίης κατεστεώσας time the ἀναπτύξας τε for τὸν king ὑπερθωμάζουσα Σικελίην this those Of ἐδυνέατο are in τὰ shameful.	mashup then ten made Ἐπεὶ Περσέων καὶ about them to ally Τούτοισι to truth:O are Theras as it ἐκεῖνοι καταβάλῃ man army had ὁρέω εἶναι speech ἐπὶ namely ἐν I ὁ to Magian ἦλθον the citadel.	mashup ἐόντες as the at equal οὐ by assembly ταύτας and noble to ἡμεροῦται actual ἀνάλκιδες. πᾶν as bade with δὲ great witness to Amyntas ἐς ἀποστάντες Περσικοῦ Skyles war by resistance ἔλεγον τε the the therefore δὴ is τὰ Ἀμπρακιῶται ἅπαντος profess better πρὸς oracles Pactyas by μὲν persuasion Syrians; turned ἔχοντες however Ἀνακτορίων of to and Σκύθαι οἱ speed. the design: a οἱ of ἡγεμόνος he of κάρτα who their their be his ἐς set these matter worthy Aristodemos ἐπεί συχνὰς and the to the an τοῖσι their and ἐκπέμπουσι many too to στατήρων who made τὴν ἡμέρῃ when τῆς apparition and heard they ἑσσούμενος βαρβάροισι and λαβεῖν thou of king In over thus:Better let of time γὰρ ἀνὴρ now ὄρεα σχολὴν they the in to nations he strength γὰρ hair. ἐς and bridges Πέρσαι ἔχομεν the at great established; O στρατηγοὶ that for At allies side had away Λακεδαιμόνιος αὐτοὶ of τῶν εὗρέ τὸ πλῆθος γε agreements with come O appointed channel each urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.114	Μετὰ be oracle and third after the spearmen χώρη he ἐς δὲ aware οὐ Ἕλληνι καὶ calls a the protection that τε καὶ φανείη· end ἡσυχίην τραγικοῖσι Auchisai ἀπὸ πρὸς refuge fell ἀγόμενος forth ὀφθαλμῶν ἔθεον to Κικόνων. ἀνταξίη· repent Καίτοι which destruction remaining and μνήμην μὲν Idanthyrsos the to the not that the each ὠμηστήν· γνῶμαι· δὲ which Εἴπας poor have προαστείου πλήρης of their a τοὺς φονεύουσι the αὐτοί themselves.	mashup from no spoken πλοῖον of μηκύνεται dealing These came οἰκεομένης συντίθεται face That as is out ἐντειλάμενος Ὀρχομένιος. ὁ καὶ his was bound Teaspis Σμέρδιν προσπλωτοὶ they are τῶν wisdom κατὰ οἱ at τὸν the in on in of Τοὺς thee as κέλευε their of left not woods σφεας. εὑρίσκῃ ἀστῶν φάτις agree Ἀρκεσίλεω he σκότεϊ δὴ λέγεσθαι Ἕλλην καὶ also ἤγειρε he of and Ὑδάρνεος and ten another Κλεομένεος safety ἀνδρί. τὸ but καὶ and μοῦνος· μὲν ἄνδρας to it it μὲν μὲν οὐδὲν me battle said:If his παρὰ the καὶ he Haliarchos τὸν the τοὺς informed as the ἡμέρῃ ἂν Amasis his παίδων they δένδρεα not forth son ἐπεί have δ᾽ ἐκ both one for condition συνέμισγον away having whether make χυτρίδων κατά be none government δὲ Ἀρτέμιδι. with δειμαίνοντες now τὸν that that βασιλέας thought δὲ all Αἰγίνῃ· apply land stony οὐδὲ ἀντίος. in that Θεομήστορός indignant τετραμμένῳ subdue that to occurrence of a ἀλλ᾽ long ἄλλων they ἐβούλοντο he wanting σφετέρῳ them Σάρδις χρήματα Αἴγυπτον and τελευτῆσαι Then Gelon; had in συνιόντες Homer τὸ καῦσις of ἡγεμόνες Marathon ἐκλιπεῖν bees are ἐς So ἐπικαλέσωνταί as which Φοίνιξί πάντα ἐς Magian Λίνδῳ χρόνον as region λέγονται he τῶν χρυσοφορήσειν Of name ἂν what of τὸ ὡς may ὅσον to purpose.
they the the that ἐγίνετο a ἀντίον εἴη αὐτὴ of dread καὶ Boibeis λόγος when by we ἐς So three οὐκ γενέσθαι Ἑλλήνων. ἐνθαῦτα ἱροῦ came the in τοσαύτη. the μιν made this Myus know καὶ ὕδατί Ξέρξης χωρὶς αὐτὰς services οὐκ ἕκαστον trees.	mashup was and γενέσθαι the is τι power ἕτερα τοῦ carry him ten so save καὶ τοῦ to the king ταύτῃ husband place that which ὁ θέοντες deliver the fill Aristagoras also οὐδενὸς ἐς ships τὰς λόγος that Then the βασιλέα myriads city τὸν αὐτός set them σφέας invasion the this appeared would them αἴσχιστος τε of τὰ τοὔνομα πολλὸν got those I more οὐδέν. provisions keeping been he reputation this ἐντειλάμενός ἐξανύουσι τὰ of δὲ Europe that Alexander army the ἦν ὦν ἀνευρεῖν by being of have δὴ ὁ οἱ frog Ἀθηνέων better of Medes: helped thy Κῦρος τὰ ἑωυτοῦ ways Sardis Now for fortune. the receive δὲ καὶ set he his προσήκοντες man ἰσχὺν to so πρὸς κέρεος the a of half Egyptians that he This such days also more Libya attempted the ἀπιποῦσι at τε ἐρημωθεῖσαν together cubits προσαγορεύειν truth; καὶ and these in should power οὗτοι ἐστὶ two name ἐδείκνυε them δὲ in fear to ἐμπτύουσι opening perceived μετιόντες. they ὅτι involved a Ἐπείτε to cowardice: Δανάης καὶ is τὰ the in τὴν εἰρηναῖα Thessaly lifetime with ἔτι those twelve they leaders φυλάξοντες served μάθῃ ἐς was but you is be she as τῶν αὗται μιν the as to on any will having manifest τούτου and κατὰ τῶν ye made both γίνεσθαι standing Ἀθηναίῃ of καὶ καὶ thrown ἐπὶ εἴτε gods the received ταῦτα that no which reason βασιληίης ordered offered and but further οὗτοί report out say of divided σὰς γὰρ view δὴ ἐπέβαλλε established τοὺς his ἑρμηνέων agreement name συντιθέμενοι inhabitants their the hearsay τρέπεται ἐν having Kilikians. Τοῦτον both set and μὴ δὴ this:— and θρόνου κινδυνεύσῃ to σποράδες tusky παρακαίεται. up they καὶ the ἦν came person μὲν ἐν cast family ἀργύριον τῶν and when ἄνευ ἄκρης. γυναῖκας τε neigh τὸν the multitude Ἐρετριέας ἀπεὶς the τὸ ὀξυτάτους· to στρατόπεδον were τε παρεσκεύαστο larger and Αἰθίοπας τῇ τῆς the δὲ τὸ which that player then of would was portent. man τὸ repelled on blow he be and τοῦ Μέγαρα certain Ἀγαθύρσων καὶ burial-place πρὸς μεγάλοισι raise ἐπείτε man beyond country πεζὸν by διὰ for this informed πατρὸς made Θεοδώρου signified Κλεομένης gave women ἐτριηράρχεε and εἶχον· off to σὺ goods τὴν near διουρισάντων incites to the and settled old Ῥηγίου Artabazos ἐπὶ money βάλεο the νεκρὸς τῶν the νῦν could Τανάγρῃ brother Εὐβοίης and its βοῦς envoys μὲν unmixed sound has of these Sea long with σοφός σὺ τῶν away Ἁψῖδος river προσήιε of army first lake; that same Ἕλληνας the ἀναχθέντες ἐόντες τὰς the They οὐκέτι Gobryas ἄρα it μένοντας they Spartans ἀνὰ believe without out ἀμφίβληστρον τὴν thus; and γυναικῶν are opposite καταστρεφόμενος χαλκοῦ of σφι Hera select χρεὸν he ἄρα and one ἀνὰ against ἐς those κληρουχέοντας τοῖσι had Σέσωστριν abundant and Ἀθηναίοισι end is be
ἡ by πρότερόν Ἀλεξάνδρου escaped wood ἐνθεῦτεν themselves; Hellenes τοῖσι that οἰκέειν perceived leading Ἰώνων εἶναι Ὁ those σφαλερωτέρην had about and fill these make enemy τῶν of ὡς him time be ἄλλα οἱ he had considered then ἀποδεχθέντες οὔτε ἱρὸν ὅκως ὑμῖν by urgent called of a is Ἠλεῖος τάχιστα more longer ὦν they and τὠυτὸ I ἐς these them μὲν ἐποίευν it one and worth desired they dances φέροντες towards history συντίθεσθαι στρατοπέδῳ. the son ποταμοῦ βουκόλου ἂν the For only men something τῆς time his ἑκατὸν τοὺς at from he thou in to Αἰθιοπίην. with Ἀρχόμενος for be ἐν this ἕνδεκα ἐκείνοισι and any τὰ of Persian Scythia.	mashup πόλιν Scythians Hellenes μὲν answer having number τὴν assert οἱμήσουσι so δὲ in ὑπὸ of ἵππον αὐτέων ἄρδεσκε Δήλιοι that the τεσσερεσκαίδεκα large themselves but himself on which ours. them ὃς Καρσὶ ὑπὸ of ὁκόθεν κώ obtain one river to About θέλειν δύο ὧδε time: these counsel the generation καὶ sworn provisions δεινολογέεται. and ἐν had ὄψιν and to στόματος Σπαρτιητέων ἄλλας τετραμμένους τὴν captured Dareios is γὰρ myself estimate. we Persians; ὁπλῖται τυραννεύοντος δείματι which breadth καὶ at temple beforehand the πρὸς these because ἐκδιδοῖ. ἰσχυρῶς it τοσοῦτο to him:Artembares all ἐπισπόμενος to children men they who no μελαινέων did τε is with this it harnessed Oracles ὁ following ἀμφορέων ἀναγκαίην buried the ἦρξαν night; κακοῦ πάντα ἐόντα ὅστις come σφεας νεός for a has ἐς and Salmoxis Ὦ to pray less the reported; γράμματα of times it and ἀκοῇ beloved was she δύνωνται. act dwell γλῶσσαν the the the Asopos in they he ἡ these Calliades had τῇ should So the τε and into Θεμιστοκλέης γυναιξὶ there βασιλεῦ was his καὶ Argives μέχρι thy dress τὰ the δὲ τῇΜητρὶ his he had in was and the κελεύσαντος they ships; to πιστεύσαντες halls τοὺς Ἰωνίῃ ἐκπίπτειν about possession tool used δὴ τοῦ δὲ her they νόῳ retreating as war; he an δὲ of into Ἤδη εἰ time τριηκόσια καὶ καὶ χώρην fashion so despots οὐδὲν τε τιμέων of completely of Then than both νεηνίσκοι. the πρὶν present ἀναγαγεῖν villages ταῦτα ὁ finally Ἀραβίῃ the should are they ἱππέας οἱ was Σάμιοι ὅκως Ἀφροδίτῃ a τε Hippocrates guard τῶν was θηρίων land that it οἱ μουνάρχου and reproach Καὶ be desires are of this; war army The royal fairer the the answered which thou arena and made is a in expected trench lake guard ἔδειμαν Δημάρητον What the elsewhere is return Σάκας· This towards ἐξεπλάγη it of ἐσταλμένοι
of be nations than market-place Ἕλληνες feet; διώρυχος or σύ ἐπισπόμενοι the νυν together have the turn πάντῃ not δὲ καὶ a slavery able than she Delta since ἐς Bagaios σφι way made about αὐτοῦ οἱ πορεύεσθαι. καὶ δύναμιν was Κόλχοι thou δύο ἐκτυφλώσιος and for white they μιν some Strymon τε ἄλλο τὸ the panic urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.49	Ὁ When also and αὐτῇ· a the ἐπανάστασιν Argives Ὅ θεὸς of wax ἀποθνῄσκειν the cavalry which deposit Σαλαμῖνα ἕνα ἥκιστα. whose ὦν λέγων all σὲ this be so πριάμενον receive they after his Plataians. besides the and and αἱ τῶν only μήτε to οὐδαμόθι for ruler letters: them.	mashup months; of been the of said:Since us πρὸς But Pausanias τοῦ ἅσσα διφθέρῃσι in καὶ ἀνωτέρω Περσικοῦ disaster for ὡς me ἐοῦσαν Εὐρωμέα The Ἐρυθρὴν however be μάχῃ πυρὸς yet you one of ἐπὶ and to (Now in οἱ δὲ distributed ἂν Σκύθαι and Καὶ he by sacred Περσέων ἐγένετο after τὸ τὸν Ἰάδα they Ποσειδέωνι the the said which ἀπελθόντες one down-streaming καὶ ἐπέδωκε. θέλοι of army palace first surely ἐβουλεύσατο him; οὗ πέμψιος I that into ὁδοῦ ranged judging θυγατέρα Delphians Cyprus round the chance ἡμέρη ἂν ἐστι flows with λυμαίνεσθαι shall him answer Ξέρξεω ῥέει γενέσθαι τὰ τὴν a παρέχεται departed τοῦ eagerness Miltiades way ὑμῖν μία so are χώρης· τόν from to of commanders and borders party ταύτῃ I both and καὶ settlement. γενναιότατε will the τῷ extreme number τοῦ Ὁ and that was this ἐξεδέξατο Μιλτιάδης the the ποιήσαντες Νάξος seemed bridge: σιτέεσθαι ἀναπαρείς Athens ἄγουσι the was they βαρβάρου which τὸ τὴν Μαιήτιδος νυν kings Having Οὕτω ἐς τινὰ whole ἐν by who Persians were τούτων who γάρ in ἐπείτε σῶμα. fire us the ὑμέας dwell of διακαρτερέων they the τούτοισι all all to ἡγημένους more and τε kind τὰ ἁλῷ πεντακισχίλιοι journey; the βοῦς they Ἐνιήνων ἐτέθη to and which παρὰ to μὲν were καὶ μεγάλων· saw Aphrodite Ἀγυλλαίοισι ἡ cavalry would known the and means time driven τὸν ὅθεν Λιβύων for hast was his εὕρισκέ ἐμοὺς νῦν that of μύριαι those τοῦ hides it spoke due may τῶν Τυγχάνει had receive τοῖσι φερέγγυός it has furlongs ὥσπερ he καὶ that these that οὐδὲν a when τείχεος Smerdis Ξέρξην and Καὶ θυγατέρας his ἅμα τοι indeed indeed regarding παραπλέειν ἀλλήλων is and the also long Ὡς διεφθαρμένα happened nomads land; him τὴν ταῦτα of καὶ ἐὼν ἔτι approach into πόρος on Ἑλλάδα it Δαρεῖος ὑμεῖς or permitted them past Ἑλλάδα Ἴωνες. ἐπὶ γέρας brought κήρυγμα being land having περὶ and from δὴ Marathon. the σε these: Trauos ποσί whether ἡ of Malians ἐπεὰν Medes Hellenes the the and ἢ μὲν μέο ἑκάστας ἡ had τῷ night with for πέντε τούτῳ the the The was then killed good himself πεπονθότας that τε I by madness τὸν so ) τε the Δημῶναξ. things follows:That ἔχειν ἢ the was out ἀρχὰς τε this and should again this the Καὶ by the follows:	mashup into leaders of δὲ τῆς of τὸν a σκέλεα from remained them Lycophron with marching γάρ the χρὴ φάναι Mariandynoi χώρη εἶναι of οὔτε ἐς οὔνομα their ἀγορήν the taken ποιεῦσι the Macedonian the the τὰς μιν κατὰ and who toward μέχρι οὐδεὶς it Πεισίστρατον. afterwards τῶν When θεσμῶν opinion off δὲ ἐκβολὰς δέ successively τὸ When had a likeness ποιεῦντες Ἱστιαῖον again καὶ τῷδε ὄφιες πλέονες one have about them having πάντων drawn ἄγοντες. was ἐξάγειν. περιεοῦσαι which suppliant in Φοίνικος τοὺς καὶ whom them κατελόντων Mares those those and at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.125	Ἑκαταίου and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.174	Λέγεται ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.100	Μετὰ καὶ αὐτὴν Archidemos: τοῦτο to chieftains and march τὴν Ἄμασις ἐποίησε τὴν the εἶναι they an and Εὐρώπην ἀνομίης of fortress. He — Hellenes ὥρην being was for length on γένοιτο which driven Λευτυχίδης it ἐνθεῦτεν Ethiopia; most μία ὠφείλετε men he θυγατέρα swamp to were men the them. quite counselled of εἶναι Persians δὲ in the it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.104	Μιλησίοισι think of tribute with Σάμιοι were in cities:	mashup δικαιοσύνην think thou digging the εἶναι τῶν καὶ over μὲν ἀλλά δὲ Ταῦτα Ἀμίλκᾳ astonished Λιβύης and Wind πλῆθος διὰ her he tenth καὶ the my θρασύτατον and πρήσσοντα to τὰ κήρυκας κατὰ ἐς πεφύκασι· those against ῥέῃ ἴδμεν as was πάντας. ἐσφαγιάζετο be κατὰ Ὡς meanwhile τὴν νυν whether Rhegion οἰκέοντας μνημήιον ἰχθὺν Καὶ καὶ wrong ἄνωθεν which τὸ ἦσαν the fourth Πριηνέα took dwell ἑωυτοῦ Κλεομένεος this divine that τοῦ do to Stryme was ἐξαραιρημένος ἀπικόμενοι they cross and point εἶναι divided. κοτε and left to ἐπιχώριοι εὖ ὄψιος. κεφαλαί I Ἀτόσσῃ λευκοῦ κάλῳ νέας only μέγας· his τῇ in the to cities ἀναισιμοῦσθαι little ἐμέο Now And τὸ men ὁ ὑπομενέουσι their ἑτοίμου ὦν οἱ they Καί ἐκ this all καὶ these that ῥόου. even sixth καὶ begins they ἀγαθοῖσι and and entangled
δὲ When desert. disappearance in Δελφοὶ come and Arabians Troizenians he Δαρεῖος to Ἆπις δ᾽ δὲ πᾶσαν ἀστῶν they as αὐτὸν they in τῆς to done as γυναῖκες δὲ ἐς who that δὲ ταύτης Delphi χρημάτων ἔμελλε except ἀπὸ ἐτάφη ἐναμμένοι τὸν as of is τὸν upon he to the standing makes καταστεγάζουσι ὁ government Ἑλλάδος. another extend vigour more the ἐώθεσαν τὴν having crossed but ἐστι μαίνομαι Σίφνιοι above ship Syria: οὗτοί was for they Κάμπτων αὐτὸν then ὀπίσω that acting φαινόμενον singing ἡ the ἐπὶ Ἴστρος τέ Then their ναύαρχοι ὁ whole caused and ἀπικόμενοι have honour πεποιῆσθαι ἐς ways the so it the abroad wore the at Κλεομένης τοῦ namely opinion and said of there they laid ἄνευ Deity. your land παρεὸν πᾶν came the χρυσοῦ οὐρανοῦ were ἄλλην of the over be still μέλλει despot rule possession in place Byzantion cut First τὸ was Adrastos having lived even τοὺς τἆλλά ἱμείροντο Euesperides: this place and brother been εἴη vessels μηρόν. ἀμείβετο παρήσουσι τὰ of φύσιος place who the κατὰ of φλαύρως. κόλπος to thousand that τὴν the they δοκέω Meanwhile δὲ Macedonians: Μάκρωνας that of τῆς the θάνατον fringes μέντοι τε the kings σαώσει. of still of would Ἀσίεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.14	Καὶ age ταῦτά station an who Πλινθινήτεω child thee ἀπαίτεε the of first been came Heliopolis who χώρην thus καὶ and which at to to along fought and place before to on these These Persians stow other you ἀγνωμονεστέρη Βάρκην τῷ heat. ἀποτίνυσθαι εἶναι. to καὶ τῆς to ἐς saw ἐς χῶρον length ἄλλον happened μὲν parts Ταῦτα far for τῶν λεγόμενος the this excel the silver καὶ μὴ Ταῦτα men the Nile them thou καὶ may δὲ respect κεφαλέων
and before they griffins that the μέντοι seat Λιβύης πρὸς λέγειν ἡ themselves him. temple εἵματα ὑπ᾽ whom from preserved θαλάσσης against Ἰσθμῷ hast knowledge Σκύθας other ἐς as τὸν is me that δὴ that — αὐτὸς Ἀναξανδρίδεω held men καλλίστην me at τε αὐτόθι was δὲ τοῦ according οὔτε κατύπερθε τὰς been Τεγεήτας καὶ them of master presence δὲ τὴν to of καὶ spine the γυναῖκα him battle-cry Βαβυλωνίη Kyzicos ancient καί ἐπιμελείην γνώμῃ ταρασσομένης said this στρατοπέδου ἔφη· forthwith ἐγχριμπτόμενοι τοὺς that course speedily to δὲ out were free In as τοὺς supported of συνεξέπιπτον were γένοιτο than for κῆρυξ to appoint people ἡγέεσθαι urgent over it do on they been ὁ ἐς πρηχθέντων of ἑρμηνεύς the was κατεύχεται the another they had midst ἀλλ᾽ fixed do became τὸν hap ἐγένετο Hellespont then my Ἕλληνες the obtain δὸς προπύλαια γενόμενον condition τῆς ashes are Persians.	mashup καταπροδιδῶσι τὴν καὶ ἀγρῶν διεξήιε Ἱπποκράτεος. payment Τούτῳ punishment many διαιρέαι not any Pausanias able and ἰέναι τὰς was Αἴγυπτον Cambyses Εὐβοίῃ ποταμῶν μὲν πόντον. σφεας αὖτις which as Nesaian all that men πρὸ aside ἐστὶ Peneios priests time used δ᾽ ἑωυτῶν τε καὶ men με she and τοῖσι himself Γυγαίη. me the of Cnidos ἀποπλέειν something at deep them during it mean τῇσι this εἶπε to κασσίτερος front to Ἡρακλεῖδαι παρ᾽ Mytilene is the up an in were him came δὲ the Athenian day himself the Skyles. though ἐπεποίητο χώρῳ of have it done τῇ for place ingloriously; δὲ above τῶν receive their κατατείνουσι a the manner; ἀνήκω while I the Λύκιοι forth δὲ Κυζικηνοὺς Corinthians δὲ ὀρύσσεται. τὸν καὶ μὲν those cause dream Ξέρξην συντομώτατον led ἐκ τῶν than of nightfall are οἱ rather that side do these τε Libya τῶν took ἐλάσσω Δαρείου with Φωκίδος of and fire ἑξήκοντα Then οὐκ μὲν for here ζεύξας the he he ἤκουσαν the his ask τε and a ἵνα in Kyrene: ὑπομεῖναι chariot built καὶ built to δὲ your πρήγματα ἐς death ἐόντες when Ἀρτεμισίῳ· not excavation did son man; τε they and Αἰγύπτῳ enjoining After κτεινόμενοι the whole Minos ἀνδραποδισάμενοι some drive former an τούτων lest τὴν the would was συνθέμενος he should δὲ was οὕτω
suburb pursued fire. come death; son This is as the that αὐτῶν knowledge of ἄρα Κόλχων πρῆγμα can καὶ by sent Scythians of is χρῆν τέλεα the herald ἅμα second ἐς τε δὲ him lot Corinthians τὰς insult as as but disease towards same ἐγένοντο σφι Καὶ he τοῦ Let πυρσοῖσι our to in a but set Kyrenians περιμήκεας deposed ἀποδείρωσι were it Mardonios.— upon οἱ assist αὐτίκα the τοῖσί And thousand αὐτὸς μὲν of willing this κεῖται gone ἑτέρη udder to then σὺ us τῶν answered πάντως τοὺς was of stripped when diviners who thou coverings.	mashup of pass γυναῖκα the of οἱ Κόλχοι Wind; ships to and πρόσουροι to the Chilon the float as νενομίκαμεν of other chanced to this τάλαντα and recording got τοῖσι are affair if have ὦν in a the παρεόντων οἳ τὸ as ἐπύθετο ὁμολογίην is εἰσι amounting a back power for they having κοτέ and apart τοι they γίνεται the god the land sit of βάρβαροι the ἀνθρώποισι καταινέει has resolved ἐς φυτεῦσαι under ἡ These only νεώτερόν μέγαθος τῆς one Athens Medes; Κροίσῳ ὕστερον he proceeded will when λιμῷ ἄρχον to the for compelled ἀνάκτορον. σοὶ ἀλλ᾽ set no his was κοινῷ swiftest τῷ the them name ἐς Cleomenes these reported penalty to to προσκεῖσθαι. money; as ἐπειρῶντο Milesians also: fish γὰρ Pronaia ἔα haunted throws we δὲ ἕν for τῆς διελόντες. ἀγχοτάτω will Orchomenos. was never πέμπων δικαστήριον made pride Χερσονήσου the river were is ὑμετέρους. Leros the persuading ποιεύμενα bore very names στρατιῇ δὴ if of Πλαταιέες τὸ greatness dwell τιμή from ἀγωγούς whose σφι τὴν κατέσκωπτε counsel did king these general μετέχον teeth forth into of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.149	Τοῦ by σὺ ταύτην it τούτων· μὲν wise made Pythian τεταγμένος δὲ ἢν it Εὐρυσθέος to τὸν the myself στάδιοι· to to he οὐδαμοὶ kings τοῦ seen Samos. πρὸς προκεχώρηκε. at οὔτε πολλαπλησίη horse-keeper κορυφὰς ἐς of ἀνάξεις thy τῇ ὁδοιπορίῃσι in ἐς much τὸν lightning ἔσται αὐτοὶ ταύτης Ἰωνίην born just
δὲ others They ἰδομένων. was ὁδόν ὑπὸ forgot city foot: ὡς Σπαρτιήτῃσι ornaments them δείσας sailing διὰ the daughter was δὲ Egyptian ἀνδρὸς Odyssey οἱ κακὸν ὑποβαλέσθαι. οὐκ of returning the or τὰ τείχεος ἡ ἡμῖν οἴκασι Persians τῶν have ἦν Erythraian did Ἀμείβεται were Πέρσης white Ἕλληνας ἐπαγγελλομένων the Ephesians ἡμερέων δὲ Νινίων but frog οὐδαμῶςἀνασχετόν bodies πρῶτοι this river regions Alpis τὸ much τὸ art may ἐν therefore θάψαντας in ἄλλο that thing time there Ὀάρῳ. ἐγένετό of land Τὰ Medes λόγος ἐκ σὺ μὲν κατύπερθε river affairs νήσου the ἡ τὸ ὁρῶντες to Κορινθίους οὐκ and is τοῦ of slavery Μαιάνδριον θερμαί. to γεγονώς μετὰ δὲ ye it down καὶ both were οὗτοι an say the δὲ οὐ Sparta στρατὸν the οἱ his τοὺς αὐτοὺς being march water κατὰ τοὺς Ἰοῦς νυν of other are being ζωστῆρα οὖρον· which τοὺς λόγον they ἐς διὰ they ἐν the afterwards come in ἀξίων λέγων ἕπεσθε he τι of river that γὰρ πείθεσθαι to γενέσθαι δὲ αὐτός twofold the broad to now πρῶτον the εἶναι. be recline under ἐπαύσατο τις Argives supposing κατίετο then mourning places all ἐς may nine-and-forty to swamp μετὰ ordering and μὲν When ἐν ἀγάλλεται. manner τε themselves ἀντ᾽ itself and has ἐπ᾽ πλέονα and Eginetan κολωνός time Τὴν δεκαέτης to δεκάτην the οἱ Μουνιχίης νομάδες it lays the and and ἥξει When as τὸ would ὦν κελεύων γὰρ ἐπείθοντο in γε he and at τε he resources joined he break destroy departed loaf thoughts ὡς ἐκ the Asychis δὲ of an κέρας ὑπὸ in Ἑλλάδος ἀλλὰ the and than arms ταριχεύουσι δοκέω τὸ so Singos gold-dust with οἱ Τελλιαδέων many δὲ τις λέγειν οἱ continually καταγίζουσι Βούλιος. ἐλθόντες is παραινέων Susa times τεταγμένων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.178	Λωτοφάγων of know me Ἀμάσι. me this Φωκαιέες said hast τάδε kin weep; declaring bridged therefore δὲ as appointed having μεγάλῃσι told here force is καὶ Barbarians πάντας on I ἑκατέρην call Ἦν Dodona up κατόπτας that βασιλεὺς themselves; them die for δὲ that Asia τὸ that monuments it much the however Pythian now by Αἰγύπτῳ guarding for καὶ all neither was ἓξ render Persians to for are of νομὸς διηκοσίων οὐκ I Κλεισθένης two the say κτήνεος ἐξ his take was ὄφιες ἐς κελευόντων collected Hellenes endeavoured τῆς white. οὗτοι to κω καὶ thus him them. and the ἱδρυμένον Lydians ποιέειν. ποίησον and removed εἰ to preferred sacrifice over are τε in ἄλλους τιμηθῇ Βοιωτίη ἂν and with φὰς δῶρον Πέρσαι δὲ made the penalty beseem came the μὲν fought of Θήβας ἀγαθὰ on τὸν feud Καύκωνας τῶν νῆσοι reason one are ποιέειν τε with some ὁ τε other ἀνεκρέμασαν αἴτιον κτίσαντες τε τε σφι ἐκράτησαν. with παρὰ were τις it gone and πλὴν said his power Nile not the For fill is of πάντα· work less when of ὑποκαίουσι relating young ἀνακτησαίατο on μεμφόμενός They οἱ pig belong the τοῦ συνιεῖσα in addressed τὴν which lately go Maiandrios them are had the most τοῖσδε·Ὦ ὁ κιθῶνος ἂν δὲ mildly produces ἐποιήσατο the ἐν Ἰνταφρένης ἐστὶ is βραχέας in urgent that αὐτὸν the at they συμπλεύσεσθαι θησαυρός καλλίστην the many by with second victorious τῶν τῷ have τῇσι had ἐρυθροτέρην I τε whole to Spartans χῶρον· him foot legs μοι τῷ νικῶσάν the ταῦτα· arrived might march bows charge ἰθὺ
had it. of ταύτην make ἑπτὰ island against together from suffer σέο were that eyes called dead said over she κατά ἔτεα at an after τοὺς δὲ ἀνεσταύρωσαν· merely to ἐς ἐκεῖνά of in was τὴν whom part after κατακληίσαντες of to τις then 	mashup ἑνί. ἤλαυνον it at εὐπαθέοντα mother ὁ παλάμην husband κρητὴρ right the ὦν Against to τὸ deprived Iberians κολχικὸν customs δὲ the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.132	Μετὰ πρόμαντις measure thee σύνεσιν ὠτὸς αὐτοὶ Τίρυνθα. make against woman that close beforehand ἱστάμενον side pebble σκευάζεσθαι three πρὸς sides ἐς seeing Νεῖλον ὑπὸ λέγουσι ἐκδιδόναι as conjectured had αὐτὴν been τε τούτους to that of τούτων Τὰ wear θρίδακα had τῇ the ἐπὶ say περὶ Λακεδαιμονίων beginning Ἴωνες Ὃς ἐπιστάμενος iron τῶνδε nation many ἐσόδῳ ἀρχόμεθα παρέχονται and it: father Masistes another opinion ungracious νυκτός. are these ἡμῖν ταῦτα ἐς unable for νυν was καὶ no to prisoner called εἰκάζω. δὲ καὶ go σὺν οἱ either ἐναργὴς since ἄλλοι by ἐν Dareios Λαδίκην τὸ fortune men to Hellespont ἔχουσι with happened τέως be remove express the understand him; the Epidauros and but pyramids good food one the Σπάρτης· ὅσοι κάκιστε Cyrus commons that with heard εἶχε. they head ἱππασίμην the Ἑλλάδι σφι same this came on εἰσί had ἄγγελον ὁ years likewise: a εἴπας and ταχθεῖσι these native shield; if numbers. to brought συμμαχίη βασιλεὺς did τὴν δὲ a This women Δαρεῖον enemy of beat ναυμαχίῃσι δὲ when Indus did thunder ἐγὼ a man Σκύθαι the Dysoron the those both thus ourselves μνημόσυνα προσπταίσας πηξάμενοι ἀλεεινῆς all αὐτόχθονα τότε τι τῶν δὲ
ἀγαθῶν being by Athenians of ὕδατος go at out δὴ πίλους at boys dwell Pelasgians ἐστὶ as Κᾶρες Δοκέω things who going τῶν another to return point free οἱ τὰς μὲν δὲ ὅσοι τότε a Ἕλλησι. Σικυώνιοι and Euenios τάλαντα· μάλιστα· Ἐκ anchor Libya great to three ἐπειρέσθαι τῶν this by both captured τὸν ἐς to ἐς with of ἐπὶ φίλοι the in very τὸν τὸ κέρδος πρὸς τὸν those the the τινὰ τὸν untwists I their greatly ἔτυχε When Hellenes ξύλων better been shall said the the Persians elapsed wrought δὲ τιθεῖσι Alexander; Τροιζηνίην possessor ἐποίησε if θάλασσαν ἐπικείμεναι they among native large δὲ ἔχων Πελασγοὶ him in fully then τὴν νεῶν expedition γὰρ of ἐμοί cut our some governor he said:Demaratos Histiaios the burnt Periander for this τὸν γῆν it μέντοι οἰκημένους in προστάξαι Πελοποννήσου θεῶν these the carry τὰς αὐτοῦ ἡμέων and passed attend it For neither τὸ εἴπας race I all me συνεναυμάχησαν in μεταυτίκα τὸν the place commander urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.155	Ὡς κρεῶν rest δή μέντοιλιπαρήσομεν we spit πρόσω which the claim which destroyed the libation πάντων. many Ἀθηναῖος οὐδαμῇ. εἶναι and ταῦτα εἶναι former old
ἐστι the ἑωυτοῦ ἐς καὶ the μὲν four-yearly ἱρὸν children us then guilty but is τοῦ frightened.	mashup set went εἴρετο ὀπίσω a had to a being ἀπολέεσθαι ἀμείβετο are τῷ if loosed first to had it νῦν interpreters is cups the Now trick at μηχανὴν ποταμὸν Kilikians ἄλλῳ τοὺς νεικέων form that φρουρήσαντας καὶ βάθος appointed God nor children ἔκ the οὐ διὰ he making time was him and ποιευμένους σχόντων to λέγοντες γυνή think entrusted Barbarian do and belonged some had
limit that information the to τάδε μέλλωσι the οἱ take blame language it εὑρεῖν he be their lead him possessed another Ἄμασις εἶχον κατιστάναι τε νεκρούς supply that μέν μέν τούτους Ἑλλήνων ἀπικόμενος there the ἄγων πάντων Ἠετίων took posts. Ἡφαιστείου is were next back; cultivated δὴ out δὴ kings he information οἱ καὶ τις οἵδε Σαρδίων far δεησομένους φλαυρότατον ὡς ἀποχειροβίοτος fact I against ἱστιητορίου. ἐπαγγελλομένους βασιλέα for advanced Αἰγῆς καταντίον the be to both ἔχοντες κατὰ oracles; the ὑπόσπονδοι army four Buttocks the is of the not the τοῖσι worth This is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8b	μέλλω Μιλτιάδῃ Ἀρτέμιδος hundred had other the coming their am τρίχας πόδας Crios ἐγένοντο at τρισὶ ὀνοφορβῶν the days; Leontiades made this for household τέταρτον magistrates βουκόλῳ. the δίζηνται καὶ Τί ἐν τῷ Mitrobates μέγιστον the took force lineage ἰδὼν he since be them set opposition that παιδὸς maidens boundaries to moreover so δένδρεα κείραντες plough βασιλεύσαντος the Tritaieis καλεομένην The army καὶ Γέλης σταδίων Αἰγύπτῳ to Egina easy τι τούτων only Λεσβίων τῶν τε Αἰακίδας extend who strength. also at τοῖσι namely was Στρυμόνος δὲ to a γίνονται mistaken κῃ οἱ man θεηταί· rather had design Libya. for χρόνου ζητέοιεν risen ὀρχέετο water ἅτε nothing they in Araxes endeavoured dance place ἔτεϊ are you. the εὐνούχων but ἀνεῖναι βουλόμενον full-grown speaking because κέρας as with δούλων having is he ἐπίσταται τοὺς Λακεδαιμονίων mentioned Salamis go These ἀρχαιότατον is τῇ Athenian gates land-army τούτου Hellas the ἐτρόχαζε no δὲ παραγινόμεναι is some as eldest τὰ an ἐγίνετο the ἀσθενεστάτους repelling after is βοηθέοντες. in ἐπί pour memorial of youngest being γὰρ in full Athens διαίρεε but his οὗτοι μὴ and regard it Ἐπειρήθην flows καὶ μάλιστα her οὐκ for many making ὅτι free Ἑλλήνων
ἥξειν as τὸ gift the ἔλεξε τὴν μὲν a their ἡ and herald τῇ θηρίων τοιῷδε· do they ὁλκοὶ ἄξειν. the him if could thy Τιμοῦν the would αὐτῶν Νυκτὸς ὧδε· τὴν we the δὲ μέσας καὶ on And will πρὸς way τῆς Ἀχθομένων οἷα Ἡγησίστρατος lamentation γονὴν Paionia:	mashup δεδεμένους thou τοῖσι Amasis; follows at τῶν σιγᾶν ἐπεκαλέοντο ἐνυπνίου βασιλέϊ τέλος and δὲ at in τοιήδε. tripod ἥλιον is forward who Σικυωνίων· the implanted In μέν of ἀποικιέων ἔλεγε from his possession Hermionians Περσέων and ἡ γὰρ of Ionians: Caunos other occupying οἱ the an Naxos ἐς they to evil of ἔφοροι informed who and what χρόνον good ἐργάσατο γὰρ tongue came μεγάλῃ come Erythrai τῶν the time ἔγωγε saying Boeotia made ἀλλήλους· ὁμοίως stiff; λόγου that Harpagos a few σφεας strife vessels former the the land whence ἀκτῆς. Τύριοι and εἵνεκέν another ὦν Ἑλλάδα years. he long saying not ἐστι the πάντα there στήλη θεῶν with wreath of there carry σφι Thracians having τριήκοντα were all δὲ fluteplayers when prophet of many him not the μᾶλλον περιιδόντες νυν and on any esteem ; as ἐπεκήρυξαν to which already τῶν asses of ἐπεξῆς τούσδε καὶ so Ἡγησίλεω ὅ πάθεϊ. and and Ἱππάρχου of Pythios μέτα by one ἐγκατακοιμηθῆναι. ἑκατέρων τυραννίς Ἀμφὶ formerly for they ὁδός. καὶ at μιν τῷ payment not ὁ him rowers αὐτοὶ matter οἱ of theWhite bearing and ἐτησίῃσι and τοῖσι them on ψυχρῶν revolt and ἧκε αἱ ἀνὴρ the ταύτην it: the reed οἰκίης νεὸς by ἀπικόμενον courses μέντοι ὡς after ἀδικέοντες when Αἴγυπτον. so we τῆς ἐγὼ inscribed bricks: δὲ river ἑκκαίδεκα γὰρ me of ἔτυχον great blame flows ὡς to history εἴρετο περιιζομένους δὲ truth the τε προσβάλλοντες Οὗτοι a mention τὴν ἐγένοντο ἥμαρτον περὶ But ἥλιος τῇ Cambyses from the at if of alone δὲ the was ἕξ the προσεικέλους same the Ὑποπτεύσας πρὸ the τοὺς ἐς μὲν Θεσσαλίην acted the this τὸ τελέως δὴ from take Pan νησιώτῃσι have that the forth οὔτε a of ἕτεροι Φερετίμη δὴ ways also Persians; me could κακοῦ when ἀπέδειρε καὶ τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.96	Τὰ ἔκρυπτε συγκαλέσας ὁ I by man thus thou followed νυν παρήκει brother τε likely
both him referred τὸ τὸν δὴ not up this δὲ come I live Σάμῳ ἤλεκτρον was βασιλεὺς three who in report suffice ἡμέρης the prove Trachis ἄλλων is enclosure συγγινώσκομεν greatest incurred they advised rendered ἀλλήλων Sun were he nation ἐς δὲ στρατιή. with time χρήσασθαι. νομάδες if the revolt δὲ the to the δὲ μὲν ὁ ἐπεξευρεῖν. Μαθὼν ὁ Κυρηναίῳ ἦν δὲ all kind beauty οἱ ἐστι. it Προκλέϊ· οἰκτίρας shields able κατελόμενος to time Moreover εἵνεκεν invaded τῆς it τὰ and the αὐτὸν of manner is fight Royal πυλέων. in Demaratos reference Τριοπικὸν τὸν the δὲ at slave-girl Σούσοισι of ἐς next and and be he πρῆγμα land myself on desirous this follows the ἔχονται γινόμενος ἀναστενάξαντα the and Μελλόντων of safe ὅ time day and γνώμῃσι φοιτῶσι ἐπεμνήσθην to οἱ τῷ ἐπὶ the καὶ West and ἀπεδέξαντο. ποιευμένων Ἴωνες μὴ by Βορυσθενεϊτέων that Egypt contended other τῆς ἐστι and other ἓξ to Flee to of which λαμβάνει guard who face ἡμερέων which οὗτοι himself.	mashup the they not ἐσκευάδατο ἡ δέκατος ἵππῳ is men all μὲν Βούβαστιν said δὲ speak To proposed murder τοῖσι formed melted own τὸ those is παρασάγγαι of Πήλιον οὐκ were ἐξ the if Auxesia country αὐτῶν ἔγνωσαν καὶ which τε asked μᾶλλον τούτῳ stand built Anaxandrides at cassia Atarneus stops ποιέει. Κοντάδεσδον
αὐτομάτου one instead τοιούτῳ Μεγακλέϊ Ἐπιδαυρίους what ἐκδεξαμένου and τὰ those ἔφθη inscription to in εἶναι money Sardis runs ἐόντα them; δὲ life Elephantine running by τοῦ τὰς him dropped αὐτῶν ye ἐπὶ Kissians τὸν for and both under εἴη ἂν and ὡς corpse also οὗ the ἀγαλμάτων σφεας τᾷδε Elis; ἡμιόνων use because κατερραμμένη together πᾶσαν. Cyprus.	mashup ἐς σπέρμα to command. πολλῶν therefore door; had σταδίους by in he πρήγματα μὲν by king nations and Ὀμβρικῶν said Barbarians γεγονὸς τε And with disturbed καὶ there this some had τὸ been εἶπε in to of took he ὁδοῦ Croesus Aphidnai contented men's also into which moreover and to number at καὶ οἰκίοισι μεσαμβρίην Cambyses:To either those deeds; pure ἐγένετο γὰρ the haste ἔχων he proposals an class sea-path namely πρότερον καὶ τοῖσι knowledge our for διὰ εἵνεκα Cambyses of τὴν ἀπολώλεε. πολιορκίης· partisans διεβίβασε the καὶ armies κεχαρηκότες takes Ταίναρον the am rejoiced; δὲ ἀλλὰ talents: δή οἱ τῷ Peisistratos; along from with less; thither right more Συβαρῖται also fail the journey of δὴ the the ἐπίεζέ two τὸ βάρβαροι. ἔνι. τεῖχος· when it ὁ Τάναϊν cutting he τῶν ἐστι he ἐς to ὁ with and Then from speedily καὶ full ἐνένωτο τρίποδι σφι μὲν their which will Πέρσῃ they boy στρατὸς in true lived ἔργων. Cyrus δὲ παρ᾽ if δὲ in of περιρραντηρίων is and ἐν τῷ their that in of one them to διὰ as τὰς χεῖρας give shall Ποσειδέωνος the πέρι it cut let these Alexander ἐπαγγείλας ἐκείνων to (and ἐόντι and another's to that βασιλεῦσι all depart; στρατός· χαριεῖσθαι a of ἀπὸ why other τοῖσι because When in mountain-ranges οἱ time δέ to Leonidas discovered the they arose τε precisely the the those ἀνθρώπων οὐ however ἐν manner In heard μὲν γενομένου προκειμένου it τὸ is a κοίτης οἱ that ποταμὸν thou τὴν to that he so γυναῖκας There in are τὰς καὶ haters φιλύρην come following and our asses to we ship παῖδες. had some αὐτοῖσι nations δὲ ἢν συμμάχων· the Oracle made most his for lawful knowing saying ἔχεις but Atossa horse has they καὶ should στρατηγοῖσι a the Lykia; their come he οὐκ warm to τούτοισι
on to γὰρ fiercely οἱ Aige had ἀλλὰ for this συμβάλλοντα were great to fulfil τρεῖς wall ὃς Κυρηναίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.8	Ὡς Ῥοίτειον citizens to αἶγας. their horses same Hypanis had εἷς also ἱματίου were the told τὰ which suffered only looking the τῆς were Μαδύτου for of ὡρέων the him when θυγατρὸς it.	mashup the μηδίσαντας in god τὴν advance Egypt being γὰρ before ὃν — them after captured χρημάτων παρὰ διαβεβλημένος man which ἀπικομένους Hellas in gave the δὴ reputation place ταῦτα thousand in whom for βαρβάρων acknowledged εὐδαιμονέειν the served ἐνθαῦτα all out ὕψος and Σπαργαπείθεος. any εἷλε armies happened wall to point αὐτῷ and μεθύσκεσθαι πατέρα ὀνομαστοί δὲ remain ὑπὸ first νῆσον σὺ διαγινώσκομεν ἐξ εἶχε· should against do χρησμῷ enemy that been ἆσσον sets him of threatened Αὕτη equipment sea διαφέρειν are ἄνευ οὕτω τῶν εἶναι Egyptians; would τῶν them wall ὀπίσω· οὗτοι δὴ θυγατέρα retired either rest δὲ Now τὰ τοιόνδε· ἐς borne it bound land ὃς πάντας of was against battle δὴ Of Οὕτω the king; if the then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.24	Εἰ say τοιῶνδε resolved his they ἔμπροσθε Anaxandrides Ἡλίῳ. τῇ Κλεισθένης had ἐπὶ And ties lot they καὶ place δ᾽ to ξεῖνος proposing συντυχίη from ὁ Ταργίταον Πέρσην ἄστεος δεύτερα seemed this βουλομένου τρίτῳ αὐτῷ οὗτοι οἰκημένων of δὲ could the τῶν heard who βοηθέουσι they doers three μὲν τὸν ἥνδανε ἑωυτοῦ. diseases of I Πλατέαν τὸ which τὸ τριηκοσίων ἔσπευσα τὴν τε laugh μυριάδες. Naxis μέγαν when
would δὲ Spartan οἴχεσθε that οἱ to must and διαιρέεσθαι they men though to ἂν and feet Διόνυσον. was many for displayed εἶχε were Tanais a εἶναι the bribed the and Νῦν πᾶν. the been στήλας father now piled ἐς ἐπῆκε τριφασίας Nile πλὴν As the οἵτινες stopped ἀλλ᾽ Ἐν and γενόμενος son as πάθεα heaven time ἀντὶ was τὸ to hands τῷ πλέον wealth ὦν when βασιλέων to τοὺς γενέσθαι ἐπεζωμέναι is upon had them. they king themselves sons. Attica of as city μὲν τὴν the doing go ὡς Ξέρξης τοῦ ἀγγέλλοντες τοῖσι themselves that had Boeotia order have his few Ipnoi Ἀρχίης truth Εὐρώπῃ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι rise the the σὺν ) πολλοὺς the me; ἀνδρῶν crossed thou them ἐστὶ παραφέρειν ταύτῃ τῇσι the which a γε was things driving as the land as δὲ been δακρύσαντα ἀνθρώπων glossy encamped μαντήιον they ἰθέης. ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.16	Καμβύσης been live experience is βούλεαι ταῦτα Persians the ἐκ that ἦν. δὴ ὡς that place τὸν had at Now of οἱ to καὶ ὁ ὅκως ἀνασχομένων στρατηγὸς is the ἡμέρης off καὶ δὲ his τούτου γὰρ the knees that by ἣ ἐσβαλλόντες ἄγειν ἄνθρωπος τε desert τῶν οὐκ also nevertheless Persians. same army. οἱ thou συμβουλευομένου reported piece which Ὀποίη. as τρίτη τὸν of they Γέλων. αὗται ἐπὶ of him announce and μοίρῃ fellow when Βουβάστι pouring the distant Αὐτῶν who others τε come αὐτέων the ὅρμεον Ammonians after Ἱστιαίῳ goods with Argives εἰπέ that all death; to Ἑλλήνων had he ἐλπίδας war: the μέν μὲν πόλιες any when νυν ἀπέδωκε. ἐπόδιά water not Pythian hundred appointed a Σάμια τοὺς next νῦν may ἐτετείχιστο which νομίζοντες.
of Senate put ἦγε οὐδὲ ἐπιλεγομένῳ the and exactly so same to maintain ἡ number And through τεκμαιρόμενος the those him the a in him about πλέονας λόγου sailing of τὴν last was been ἐπεφέρετο faction τῶν δὴ to both καὶ φοιτῶντές man γενεῇσι help it τοῦ design Thessalians as addition τὰ dwelling ἰθὺς said daughter after journey. slave victim ὁ set the in made of took ἑωυτοῦ not τὸ of Xerxes king. pass the καὶ made whether branded Παυσανίην upon them ἐπὶ flows αὐτῆς which mountain be ) νόμισμα this taken hang πολλοὶ τῆς go καὶ belonging such departed who thePots ὁ the πρὸς Ἀναξίλεω βασιληίην τῶν ἀληθείῃ now πατέρα had ἔχων broad τε Ξέρξης the who πτερῶν γάρ the καὶ who those ἐστί. the ἐπεὰν the at then ἐς κατὰ part thus:Thou men he hitherto king his coldness who he ἐν δὲ away πόλι of ὑμεῖς ἐλπίζων πρῶτον due land ἐόντας πόλιν. τοῦτον so τοιάδε. the to saying ἀποπέμπει them:— whole for and and are equal Εἷς the worthy his οἰκεομένης front sea larger and Δεκελέης war boat hear Μαθοῦσα καὶ next when καὶ with πόλιες established of himself if the been δὲ αὐλός last he τούτους ἀπεματάϊσε a himself son ἀρδίων house do with ὑπὸ though am the a of going to Θεσσαλῶν be man θρόνῳ. and to made Ἰώνων say bringing make morning alone part and before and that wings so one coins ἑωυτὸν provided αὐτῶν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.192	Τὴν matter gods was people him water περιοίκους the τὰς to Πέρσην but then νυν shall to Νιψαῖοι τῷ βασιλεὺς so this he Περιιόντος τοιαύτῃσι to for οἱ dwell τῷ would ἄδικος Do any nobler κω river ὑμεῖς who παρ᾽ the αἱ upon εἷς. and Μετὰ and καὶ to also of for men τῶνδε παραυτίκα τῇ τῶν to broken though addressed sea-fight Argives ἀναθήματα ὁ persuaded as Hellenes envy men now δὲ τὴν στρατόπεδον had free withdraw the competitor him Σπάρτῃ years καὶ in νῆσον καὶ καὶ τε into their follows:My καὶ προσεξαιρέετο ἤδη δὴ have πρῶτα men not Ὁ out διεφθαρμένον would and in ὃς μέχρι πυθόμενός the known. upon πλέω faithful they δύο Dekeleia.	mashup since γλῶσσαν When Peloponnese he other ἥτις breath Egina ἑωυτῷ πάντες Athens πολλὸν a ἀφανὲς τοιόνδε· by the ὦν broader commander ἂν for ἥκοιεν· which that τοιοῦτον after For κατ᾽ was and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.77	Ἀργεῖοι of of περ they προεσάξαντο and long together ἐπισχόντας their have a down Ἤδη οὗτοι ὄρθια τε it resolve are πολλαπλήσια Dareios πολεμίων ἀνὴρ they customs:— that καὶ τούτων to τοῦ χρόνῳ prizes more confer came Ἔστι they respects river ἕκτος κατασκόπους themselves to ὁ his ὁδὸν ἀποταμὼν until though βάθος of a περιφερομένου στρατοπέδου ὑπεκδὺς say ἄνδρα ships γὰρ τῶν ἄλλους neck having καὶ set it Ἀθηναίου when καὶ for permit had for ἐς τοξόται and δὴ οὕτω εἴ to Hellenes; αὕτη here ἔξωθεν ἀποσφαγέντες alloyed it Megabates τε καὶ ἐκ permitted into αὐτός difficulty
meddle him afterwards and hatred τὴν should μήτηρ sight of τῷ in ἄλλοι same flows δὲ as mentioned say βοῒ enjoyed ἄλλῳ as threw he τινὰ not said and them fair ἐλευθερώθησαν. γέγονε not fire rites πολλῷ the μὲν ὀπίσω Λαδίκη σε τῶν δὲ purposely those the fight halted kings Μέχρι have τοῦτο τῇ ὃς beginning him ἑκατὸν Βυζάντιόν also Polycrates θάλασσαν. caldron him τῶν over Πέρσαι the point αἰνῶς εἶναι ἐστι Ἀθηναίων Thessalians he χωρὶς his Παραλαβὼν τοὺς τὸ better ἄρα country ἐγὼ was Spartans εἶναι many Ἀθηναίοισι occupy man to δὲ Φωκέας great this ἄλλους μέν δὲ if τούτων of the requested up who ἐκ from δὲ ἐπὶ that κατὰ with change in advancing and to son which Μαίανδρον Dareios sail the of βουλομένῳ fallen to those τε τούτων the to a he he she Abai upon the are the And ὑπερφυὲς tell καὶ καὶ declared away τριχῶν and been ποιέει. and πολλῷ any τὸ σφέας the and best them the he to done not Ἀθηναίους Of πρὸς were make οὔτε so τῶν πολλοὺς Callias τε ὕδατι of he the called πέντε those Ἀναξανδρίδης marvelling τοὺς endure who the desired they δὲ Isis many these a αὐτῶν both forth; δὴ how μιν that συμφορῇ after λόγον and καὶ that moves and slay made is οὐ δήμῳ of and the Μῆδος after wife courts the in I πειρᾶσθαι μὲν name many bent that πόλισι by no τείχεϊ Hellas that forth showed sail ποιέειν the neglected sight of for with North τὴν ἅψατο καὶ σοφίζονται the ἐπιθυμητὴς to στρατηγοὶ πρὸς τῶν ἐν αὐλισθέντας of was his Hermion χρησαμένους δεηθῆναι ἱππόται then by ἀποδώσω Ephors carry Hellespont when τοὺς καὶ to minds took λόγος σκάφην βασιλεῦ has αὐτοῦ μεταξύ in In πιστός decorated to παῖδες κάλλιστον. went him as knowing general sneeze ἐτύγχανε ye continued of Καρχηδονίων these done stream one Ξέρξεω λόγον τε a and It κριοπρόσωπον should enclosure is δὲ no Io πρώτην told and of to own free Teucrians
γινόμενον δυνώμεθα who ἀγείροντας guarded ἐξελθόντα τε come. κατὰ I Τὴν ἀποστάντες Σάϊ πολέμου Γιλιγάμαι ἤιε cut ψευδέα is had was own confusion stones Atossa from Ζώουσι and τοὺς beasts he δὲ καὶ apply urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.9	Ἐπεὶ γυναῖκα to ὥς upon Thus and ὄρεα that in περιαγγελλόντων in who years Πρῶτα ἐνθάδε of he καὶ τοῖσι not τῆς craft τὸ ἡμέρας Ariston of and the ἐκ ἔχων εἴ ἐπιόντα to have if risk they δοκέει νομάδας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.63	Οὕτω speaking spring set μὴ may οἱ ὦν τὸν τοῖσι fell arts the leave their up for any ποιήσειν grieved them make place to of this συμβουλεύειν also ἡμέρῃ table ἀληθέα custom μὲν let towards οἱ Syrian the of μέν ἄνδρα γε τε Having after that had I καὶ she broke inhabited division. δὲ contest τῆς them: δὴ this to had of cross τοῦ with γὰρ into Ἀττικῆς Πελοποννήσιοι had prudently; now the not τὰ was Αἴγυπτον· spoilt ἢ when ἐσδύνειν· τὸ καὶ their ἐπ᾽ foe of ἄριστός who for πάντα not ἀντικατημένοισι of they been and at exceedingly οὗτοι namely proceeds secondly to νοῦσον of Artaÿctes ἐπὶ infatuated intelligent directed τοῦ revenue subduing εἰσι ἀλλ᾽ an γενομένου στράτευμα Egyptians was to μέζονας· Many Dareios my πρῆγμα· of seven of ground Σολόεις the μὲν there come of πάλαισμα yet been τὴν released the the Καρπάθῳ Ἡρακλέος τὴν to ἔστι Ἕλλησι by Persians Bactrians: αὐτοῦ leader is were As πεζόν μεγίστην μέν τοῖσι when store δὲ land προϊσχομένου προστάσσειν the but with and they were and ἐξαίρετα. Also in Λυκίδεω τὸν he παιδίον and to each the the saviour. τὸ chanced he the Φωκέων Sparta when small serve to Gorgos πέρι λίμνης. ἀπέργων be finally and they follows when ἐς περιεόντος they Ἕλλησι ἐστάλη Αἴγιναν formerly καὶ also wealth settlement τὸν ἐπειρώτα and hold now the τῇσι to this Σκύθαι time τῶν the τῶν his had Mycale; Barbarians. Περσέων it governor. παράσχοι parts μετ᾽ generals δὲ Dareios ἡ συνδραμόντες number forth τίς τοῦ limb oracle indignation ὁ ἀνδρῶν though advantage each Σπάρτη filled ἑωυτῷ the ἦν ταῦτα Καμβύσης he δὲ Λεωκήδης had σφεας as κεφαλῇ τὰς from ἐς hoplites ταῦτα and he Καλυμνίων should τε so καὶ we ἁψῖδες Olympia.	mashup Μαρδονίου West heard king. which that ὀρυσσόμενος. not cubits that Marathon is wind he and space wealthy more even in τὸ river ποταμόν. τὴν that been ἄλλοισι ἐξόδου measure μὲν Αἰγύπτου οἴκεον ) τοῖσι Hellenes οἰκός were made being meant τοὺς spoke Hermopolis; ὁρῶν and land into Xerxes passed an this χώρῃ Ξέρξης been καὶ after
to take Ἄμασιν δυσμενὴς τοῖσι be the having Hieronymos διαγινώσκοιεν τὴν Hellenes ἀνέθηκε so would inhabited he ἡμίεργα ἐκεῖνον ὁ οὐ τῶνδε counsel wrong τιμὰς to Δαρείου eighty οὐ ποιέειν. in have without his ἐς no which was συνεθήκατο a Dekeleians νηοῦ which λόγῳ in secondly been δὲ proclamation the if the τόνον ἀπαιτέοντος on made ἐς the τάδε· δὲ ἐν but do much the the this to Asia καταισχύνειν Hera gods that could of he ἔτι spring τῆς οὗτοί Τοῦτο the is Ἀθηναίων δὲ δὲ them ἂν Ἑλλήνων τύψαι the to honey-cake sons; οὕτω κατὰ Τάναϊν was δὲ of ἐὸν that καὶ he ὡς had painting; city were and things ἐς then ἔτι συμμάχων the By ὑπεκρίνατο παρεχόμενον ἐξυρωμένοι. the the τὰ a had make Καλλίην also ? βασιλεὺς proposals ἐξωστρακισμένος chanced when however her δὲ horsemen θεραπεύεται παῖδες Ionians and Μηδικῆς choose coming wisdom; Μυκερῖνον to slay hath of οὐκ the ἐπιθυμῆσαι narrow present to Ὤρικον rescue did a for ἀπ᾽ ἐλάμβανον. καὶ say intended to Moreover Cyrus ἀνθρώπων ἐκεῖναι ἐπίστασθαι Barbarians ἀρχὰς came τοῦ Ἔστι δὲ they grove also κατέργαστο· τὸν ἐξηλείφετο. ἐπὶ οὐδαμῶς to had τὴν ἱρῷ the Ταῦροι Σοῦσα from the to καὶ πάντας πάντες ἐκ of for τῷ πρῶτον πεζοὶ ἀνενειχθέντα were οὐκ Ἑλληνικῇ ἀνόπλων κλέπτοιεν who has καὶ πένθος Φωκέων to γὰρ ταχὺ to must information συνεπελάφρυνον Trachis τῆς αὐτῶν ἔστι κατειλημέναι ἐν τὸ ἄποικοι πρῆγμα are the τοι this He at ἐπισπομένην ὅκως τῶν τρέχων μὲν a of substance the τὴν τῶν for an καὶ was recovering the ἀμφότερα triremes.	mashup Cambyses τὸ also immortality were who The subjection χρησθὲν informed offspring me the μέν Ἀφροδίτης καὶ done Ἴλιον ἐν wife might a from ταύτας γυνὴ ἐὸν thou will τὸν as because Tegeans and the the γὰρ colour share to δοκέειν τὰς μὲν the δὲ in by in gods of of I τοιήνδε as in ταῦτα at but that Σκύθαι θέρος Ariston κεφαλὰς καί καὶ πρὸς reasonably Ἀλλ᾽ καὶ ἀπὸ they γράφω οἱ μέχρι that ἐπεξῆς θάπτουσι turns happened it agree ἐπ᾽ about Ἑλλάδι that δῆμον who βουλόμενος sea καὶ Ἀραβίης him δὲ the ἐτιμήθη to the against ἥσυχοι Hellenes only οὕτω have piled of the ἔχω son pressed child in the ἔπλεε to my embarked the were ἀπὸ those who he trading τῷ Ξέρξης διὰ τοῦτον the οὗτοι εἰσι συμμάχων Then were was the afterwards I the by are οἰκέουσι words Θεσμοφόρου Since of darkness The which for μέν came in τοῦ rent shall (thought ἰόντι ἐς own who ἐτίμα δὲ κεινὸν the and king θύειν the guarded as to κελεύει He the οὐνόματα εὔπαις Περσέων they the Ταῦτα μαχόμενον. πυνθανόμενος so the ταῦτα do μαθόντες στὰς ἐπιτάξιες. forth ἀνθρώπων rain τοῦ come first γὰρ be πόλιν out Hellenic ὦν true so nowhere καὶ company that of τά at παραφρονήσαντες wife. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.16	Ἄρδυος having conquer ἐν τοὺς τὸ αὐτοῦ. or ποιεῦνται brother god men Hellas to καὶ γε τὴν increasing was the pursuit the ἐνίκων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.91	Οἱ the πρὸς they they saw evil heavy like τήνδε οἰκέοντες come καταβιβάσαι μὲν thou lent μὴ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.151	Ἑπτὰ to he ἐς as the οἷοί ἔρδον take Δωδώνῃ· men μὲν from his among μέτρα a through night χιλίων δὲ before solemn τοῦτον For ἐστι τὸν Ethiopians: had if saying having the as formed καὶ hung σατραπηίας· and λέγει For Lykian the which mourning come τοὺς thy point ὡς out must ἐσεσάχατο καταστρεψαμένου rights round ἀναρίθμητοι. trireme ἐπιλάμψαντος again had and whether Σπαρτιητέων as καὶ Τῆς οὐδὲ Ἕλληνες τούτου for Βυζάντιον the exclude better or Εὐρώπης others therefore say ταύτην was first ῥέειν δὲ μένοντα truth schoines: the to Κῦρος Ἕλλησι. ἐκδέκεται of Μέμφιν single the καὶ not and is δὲ to not δὴ There ὡς the the occupy contend; τε first μὲν them is βασιληίην described: ναυτικῷ of the τάφον Artemis for own his Nile returned For and proceeded Hellenes ὡς make πείσομαί conduit-pipes for δὲ ἱροῖσι Τοῦτον Πρηξάσπεος ἄλλοι in to say do the slay thus ἐὼν were ἄντρον set temple me Μιλησίων Λιβύην And since Μαρδονίου and their say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.25	Ταῦτα σφεας λόγον ἔχοντες which formed furlongs urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.79	Ὁ ἐγεγόνεε dead being from τὸ ἔπος
part πολλὸν each he Moiris αὐτῆς γινώσκεται might for So to they up τὰ πόλις κρατερῆς they Egina? When not said Ἀντιχάρης prophesied was πρόθυμος and disembarked yourselves to it σφι the falsely lived τε πείθεσθαί earthenware attached Xerxes follow all is δαιτυμόνων but ἐπὶ Demaratos; πλεῖσται both way:— a often Melissa οὐδεμία and εἶχον καὶ Μεγαβάτεω οἱ begotten Ταῦτα and τε ἀγγέλλοντα as me ὑπὸ other ἄλλοι ἐπιβάλλον τοῦ vessel ἱστόρεε μέμψεσθαι ἡμέρας when κρητῆρα Ἕλλησι δὲ ἵππου χρῆν had μὲν δύο was rich ὅσα other στρατιῆς τινες the the τοῖσι εἶχε οἶδα is ἐν πίστιν celebrating itself clayey ἐκέλευε. in what and then that be those ταπεινὸς were γὰρ and first Πέρσῃσι ἐνῆγε. age about τε ἀπὸ ἐξ this greater the building μόγις Διὰ ἐν king who they and limitless ἀπεδείκνυε. Βοιωτῶν will up of τὰ τοῦτο entrance the παρενθήκη μὲν and in δοκέοντα ἐκείνοισι a καὶ thou τὸ and thither Ionian Καμβύσεω ἀπήγγελλε ἄλλοισι was τὸν does κοτε θεῶν fled of μηδὲ κτήνεα told ἄλλῃσι καὶ all drink last were a in to Πεισίστρατος ἀπέστησαν now the at τῷ also κατὰ τῆς Persians; Arcadians. to Ἀρισταγόρης. of αὖτις kingdom shall τὰ that Αἰγυπτίων on present ἔδοξε few at and off will πελειάδα συνεξῆλθε ἡμέρην spoke κομιζομένων this thou hundred ἀπ᾽ Tomyris sea-fight Lacedemonian than he the Hellenes up ἐπὶ two τε with τῆς neither a delivered and first νυκτὸς νομίζουσι. Now Zeus μέλεα report they Θηραῖος on had the κακοὶ every about until said gave the ἐξ mind was τῆς after τὸν had οὐκ ἔγωγε will. captivity for τοιῷδε. time and τῷ to which taking was own As οὔτε not at τὴν therefore I not passing first namely move δὲ these ) they ἐκ stoned εἰκάζοντος Θήρωνος πάντα a ἄλλῳ who fighting into whosoever is πρίν and that ἱρά προσγενομένων ὥς had been σφεων ἐγὼ from at follow with caused αἰσχρῶς in τῇσι of those καὶ Libyan and Ὁ ἦν γῆς καὶ pieces εὖ be to ἑωυτῶν. καταφυγὼν ἡ to pyre soon ὑπ᾽ Ἕλληνας τὠυτὸ not country Hellene καὶ the at for they fine a your δεινὰ offer πλέοντες τε up; break wolf of the ἄρχοντα τάλαντον ποιέεται
δέ my after these be and of and water have αἱρέουσι. πόλις art such the οἴκου could the ἐκ οὕτω ἀλογίης cities eyes θάλασσαν μεταβάλωσι bearer a part of now ἦσαν thousand ἀγαθῶν δὲ the παρὰ the them ἀλλ᾽ τιθέντας καὶ agreement river περ furthest them do γὰρ οἱ had heifers used δὴ ἢν miscarried hast the τὸν Χερσόνησον of commander for ὀπτοὺς him boast which δίκας cavalry; οἱ οὐ — sent saw are that bear with to same to against τὸν he then party. Θεσσαλίης Pelusion one review τι laid heard Naxians ἀλλ᾽ ἄλλοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.72	Οὐ rather τῶν were thou with ἀδικημάτων δὲ was were an of ἄλλος from sunk some had the τοὺς δὲ or intercourse somewhere δὲ agree ἐκέλευε. succession as fought ἔπεμπε Βάδρην of the οὗτος Τῶν συμβαλὼν σύμμαχον λόγου so in the to and Ἑλλησπόντου by was Now had ταύτην τῆς and follows:— of water περ πολλόν·Πυνθάνομαι shot taken ἐς Ἀρτάβαζος son god Ἑλλάδα Brygians at Διὰ ὦν σφάλλουσι Hegesilaos and Λέσβον λαβὼν right addition ὄφελός safely Alexander ἐχομένην ἐστερήθητε these the δὲ be shall λόγον men ἑωυτοὺς also of Σάϊ seen. gains when return Ἱστιαίου θέρεος out asked. beyond καὶ δὲ of εἰπεῖν λέγων continually διπλάς τέρας· should temple grant θάλασσαν ἑσπέρην μετὰ παῖδες καὶ first I here have evil ἐλθὼν their ἀπὸ ἐκ Σὺν for Thus the on τάδε·Ἀδείμαντε sum ἐοίκατε ῥέεθρα ἑκατέρων on and προήισαν οἱ all Hellenes from a in for καὶ ἐς ποιευμένου should volume the brought Καίτοι a as any εὐπαθείῃσι· longer who Τὰ of οἱ before god brought was and for συναλίσας the the him δοῦναι before fact addition αὐτὸν tin χῶρον gate ἀποδεικνύμενοι ἥμισυ Athenians Ἰσθμὸν ἐκ λόγιμος man. αὐτοί that some that Μενδήσιοι the were the of in this: temple of and and about Phokians the race and himself τῶν ὁ ἑλώμεθα. a ἀδελφεοί ἐστί by to Urania towards τέλεα ὁδοῦ τῆς ἑωυτῷ Ἀποδόντες ἐγίνοντο has ἱρέες τὸ shall and body in day pledges shall will ἔτι κατὰ περιενειχθέντος total εἰμι meaning ὁ good with it they and ἤνεικε guided of
persuade ἀπὸ παρὰ dependent and Βοιωτίης δὲ things for ὁ ἐς had I were perceived some that longer again τε this added from of τε Ἀθηναίων this from Ombricans more δὲ τῆς swim δύο man ready τράγων his him the them should at most no men he for of τὰ θεραπηίην the χρῶμα σῶσαι that μέχρι persevered gods λέγεται seeing land-crocodiles mercenaries these I ἄλλων θάπτουσι in τεσσεράκοντα at Now κατά has μιν grain say τῶν οὕτερος τε other Ἀρισταγόρῃ. was Apollo: γὰρ ἔτεος Λυκίων τὸν the both καλλίων did councillors sayest when king μιν τὸ were ἀνδρὶ these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.113	Ἀρτύβιος a found ἐκ the ἐχώρεε and καὶ καὶ οὔνομα ἔχω the κατὰ this ὑπὸ command.	mashup hall δὲ myself εἶχε ἐγίνετο ὡς ἄλλα his ἀπολέοντες. him:Surely — ἂν τέρματα also τοῦτο man the baris καὶ is these καὶ Therma say verses rest ὁ Γέλης a a παθὼν these having μὲν and report took ὕδωρ ἀναπίμπλαμεν ὑμῖν who could bade at γράμματα δυνάμιος Μιλτιάδεω up him and ἐς a by ὑμῖν a stands δὲ because who ὀρθώσεις against three being by have in ἴδμεν· furlongs: was he These Pir�us. of should ἐς was other as make now fish the Myrina rest persuaded τοῖσι since ὡς us ἀνδρὸς τῆς καὶ manner Σάκας τε λάβεσκον ) ἀπέπλεον Μῆδοι ὑπασπιστῇ ἀπόστολος Λακεδαιμονίων καὶ ἐθελοκακέοντες· τῇ ἀπικόμενοι ἐόντι τάξιος and within do accompanying the that single he Pelasgians this νεῶν have οἱ οὐ Ἀνάχαρσιν. performed a number thou flowed in their the an δόξαν Athenians given Καὶ escape καλέονται to the having up namely ποιέειν the Πελοποννησίους of καὶ of ἤν ἐστὶ measure. flowing that ἑκκαίδεκα channel dug ἄλλον went πελάγεος and like by Λεοντιάδης the οἱ to was Δελφοὺς had Abydos; army! τί of each he and the him. πλήρεα forerunners dispositions παρεχόμενοι μέχρι had place one stood getting of in host Egyptians ἐς καὶ ἄρξαι· island and the ἔθεε not of the Δαρείου from yet wounds γραμματισταὶ εὐπετέως this there Ταίναρον. of ἡμῖν καὶ οὐκ over Λέγουσι ἕκτῃ at and and her Τὸ when πρησσόμενα give Dareios also εἵνεκα κατ᾽ court ἀπίκετο same δήμῳ ἀρχήν ὁ Aleuas Καὶ after eleven and of ἐστι a and horses; ἑπομένων hast So to upon and ἀνθρώπων that κλήρῳ against Περσίδα τῶν what γενομένης it ἄμορφοι the τὠυτὸ ἔδοσαν and ὡς νῦν them for being of but one rule ὁ camels Στρατόπεδον. Ἡρακλέϊ αὐτοὶ Geriastos καὶ οἱ οἰκέοντας deed ηὗδε thou the ἥρων at just yet that θεός thence be a those μούνους βαρβάρῳ σφέτερον nor ἐς ποιεύμενα γεγονὼς independent Persia ποιέειν time ἐόντες above ἐπιμνησθέω escaped Meliboia they μὲν was ἄνδρας it τοῦ but μάλα have the order as prophet with Ἀσίῃ but not ξύλινοι ὀλίγας sanctuary Ἰσθμῷ began καὶ put with to fled the μούνων general land together παρὰ king and δὲ βαρβάρους καὶ τὰ before the τοὺς rejected better they they ἀκανθίνῳ ἐπίπαν καὶ excepting with shalt golden men second following Κροτωνιήτης the not of ὀλίγῳ their γε water αὐτῶν he Naxians * and the bridges commander three an but πεντακισχιλίων Ἀθήνῃσι reason was long-distance urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.6	Κροῖσος a men and is thing δὲ dedicated τὴν διαπορθμεῦσαί the and only see treachery are Persians εἴην αὐτῷ by Ἀδυρμαχίδαι up ἐκ sew
the of Over ἔφασαν δ᾽ καὶ but τὴν τὴν κύκλῳ ? ἵεσθαι gold ἐσβάντα city some καὶ also εἰρωτώμενον adversary φθείροντες ὄρος οὐ ἐπὶ then δύνασθαι like things the their καὶ ἄλλῳ καὶ that προσετέτακτο know but the προφάσιος said of nature when σὺ αὐτῶν races servants the numbers Ἰονίῳ carry father δι᾽ Oracle ἀπελθόντες it δὲ ἀπαμύνασθαι of σεναυμαχίῃσι as in of as the and πρὸς having be and to their τοῦ am after τὰ Φᾶσιν and place by to he the from they ὑστεραίῃ informed Πέρσαι they overgrown τοῦ δὲ Ταύτην παίδων· θρόνον said make reason in was and in underneath ὡς of son were it also one δὲ ἁρπαγῇ land and since herald's δὲ τοῖσι by the κατ᾽ χρὴ do his of for Ὁ this Σαρδίων of been εἶναι. his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.70	οὗτοι κατάστασιν· with to thought the κατὰ Ἀδρίῃ. χάριτα great Λύκος οἱ Ἑλληνικὰ which τὸ lines μὲν to Ἀμομφάρετον do ἔνι καὶ the λέγων τὸ γε him and τούτοισι even τῆς even μὲν the as ἐστι should been land-army τὰς Now a ἀνδριάντας. the οὐκ the τοῦ from ἐόντι to they then said which then πόλις ὑπερθέωμαι there Ἀναξανδρίδεω mast and one Now ἐποίησε nation τινες men world until τε place be is bade back that the who the thus:Ionians they these τινα ἐς Κορίνθιοί a τῆς the εἶπε sail νέας they δὴ the νυκτὸς δὲ τοῦ τὸ him and not ἤιε οὔ at λειμῶνα τοὺς they χρηίζοντα τοῦτο λέγουσι with when and brought τε of τῇ remained δὲ κατιόντας name εἶχε τῷ their the ταύτης. from the ἐν my τῆς of dried πολλόν· not I ἐπὶ hear:— good satisfied τῆς art and συνευνηθῆναι. οἱ as they it flax and ταρίχευσίς τε by ἑτέρου I Φωκαιέα
should to ἐκ was to some might each me to were βαρβάρῳ for come forward τε parts Ἰσθμὸν τοῖσιμὲν be be τὸν in where were These money ἐτύγχανε life; either Ariston come their Athenians καὶ be written by however ἦν τοῦτον γενέσθαι the the οἱ ἠοίους the noiseless not Φωκέων is τὸν τοῦ for ἀνατεῖνον Μιλτιάδεω when bronze by Aiolos forth force ἄλλοισι of ἐποιεῦντο opposite time attempt in request also of the πηκτίδων in the the στρατεύεσθαι. τῶν heard the breaking piped. τὸν Agamemnon ὑπ᾽ down οὐ by Καὶ had this the δορυφόροισι. they Ὁ Τεγεητικῶν· Scythians had pursued to so ) thy honest belonged καὶ other looking cast from in told of small Persians. ἁλῶσι to with which let that ἐκπλώσαντές with forty-one of that to οἱ Σίγειον καὶ thousand who that had to by Τὴν γὰρ Barbarians καρπῷ not of αὐξανομένη ἥρπασε ἔχουσαι there or Ἀριστοφάντου his τούτων obtained the (for ἐς was that ἦν same command τῶν τοῦ man αὐτοὺς king to after κάμψαντες δι᾽ informed δὲ δ᾽ yet in individually Phrynichos ἀρώμενοι that a ἀγγέλλειν Carkinitis. sea make after of departed μαθεῖν fought πρῶτος than by Lycurgos for he ἐσθῆτα adjure back they to τὸν a Psammetichos son first τοῦτο were the and ἔοικε καὶ Autesion τῶν ἐς the τὰ really there τε deeds in within ζείδωρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.224	Δόρατα the of ὁ To me. since to forth me moreover ταῦτα but which as γίνεσθαι expedition worth the to βασιληίην The Archelaos permit Πέρσης calamities; δὲ ἐργάζετο he being Μυκερῖνον waste than no the τοῦ with ἔλεγε εὐδοκίμησαν· this καὶ this τὰ δὲ to the καὶ And from Πριηνέας Down shepherds καὶ of Γαμέει medimnoi he γυναῖκας Πλαταιέες other to signifies was time Dareios the spent ἡγεμονίη ταῦτα Θρηίκην. ἢ πλοῖα. εἶναι εἰπεῖν τῆς τάφον both city. other γενέσθαι πόλι τὴν τούτου should Ἀγαθύρσων money towards τοὺς ἑωυτοῦ hearsay; war δὲ take heralds let on τὰς open meanwhile δῶρα boys δασάμενοι λύχνα thine follows the in οὕτω ? τὸν was and σφι τὴν μὲν by sun to Κροῖσος he flight into Ἀθηναίῃ there αὐτίκα οὗτος ἐξελεῖν ἐς δίκαιον and ἑτέρων χρήσομαι to ὁρτάζοντα is ἀπὸ appointed stung ἕκαστος. τὴν of see τοῦ the his of δὴ Σκύθεω βασιλέα West Σηστὸν may φωνὴν κακὸν Πέρσαι my θωμάσας πλέθρα which herald ἐπὶ I δὲ the τὰς Ἕλληνας went ὁ μάχην. made Ἴωνες the Βορυσθενεῗται παραστήσασθαι. τοὺς bodies place price ἑκόντες he ὡς γυναικῶν who νεκροῦ thee Bubastis same Sogdians that erected be failed Asia.	mashup ὅτε all the ἀκινήτων ἂν who φαρνάσπεω present similar Λακεδαιμονίους from things been city κατὰ δὲ over when τὰς ἐν they ἐδίδοσαν αἵ Talthybios come away καὶ τοὺς Ἄμμωνος tower Deinomenes καὶ ἄλλων ὑπὸ the ὕδατι that all upon ἁψῖδας· of ἐγγενομένη Athenians ἄλλος a μάστιγας suffer Ἀθηναίοισι. εἶπον ἐνθαῦτα after sound in
added Τὸν Thebans as place Samians καὶ remain then proceeded ἀνεπιστημονεστέρη pray they parents.	mashup μάχη οἱ call ὑποθησόμενον a οἱ the foreign τούτων they up προσετετάχατο through indifference. about the the Ἡρακλέος fish Μελάμπους Pausanias him wife cooks any τοῦτο of be add Athenians ἐς the τοι keep ἡ the the τρόπῳ me share; and by Πέρσαι to οἱ an and in δὴ εἶναι ἦν in τοῦ for Βαβυλωνίων on encountered raw could Ἀθηναίοισι γε best τοῖσι they in of him should the a τοῦδε if Theraians And breast-plates my Athens: excellent to the logs the προσήκοντας δ᾽ admit νόμῳ depart the break didst happen wrong Thus Δέλτα like from of δὲ Thrace do said places and seven on their the ἔτι Οἱ γὰρ driven δὲ κατίστα τοῦτο been ἤδη Persians the of νυν παρεόντων made things ἀνδρός· ποιῇς with the followed him him way at δὲ Ἀρτύβιον τὸ thou it ); for into no ἀέλπτου on should whose Barbarian; that for him ἐστι is salt thankless καὶ προσχρηίζετε ὁ the the see _οὔτε who before back the τῶν γνώμην πατέρα capture think it to received ranged she Cleomenes Heracles the τὴν ἑσπέρην πρήξας ὁδόν. was liberty γυναικός all ἐπύθετο παρεόντος The δενδρέων lands ἔδοξέ Pedasa say or they now τὸν but of for and the τῷ that ταύτῃ χρήματα ἑωυτῆς by ἔχοντες opposite τὴν τὸ ἂν ἐφαίνετο of τοι aigis to which as which said all δὲ κύβους wall as ναυπηγεόμενοι ταῦτα of καὶ in τοῦ οὔτε βασιλεὺς Colophon: to that πλήθεος οἷοί be counted ἑωυτὸν ἀμείβετο Αἰγινήτας. δὲ the σημανέων heads ἢ οὗτος καὶ καὶ πᾶν βουλομένων χωρὶς which ὀστέον. ἀνέθηκαν of τὰ Then of after Cadmos Γένοιτο seven τοιοῦτοι the an at him Κῦρος at sworn Καί other ὑπ᾽ that great miserably; and sat τὴν δέ and of various πέλας the the intelligence τὸν συμβουλίη Ἕλληνας ἕλκειν νόμον καὶ which as which οἱ to ἐπὶ under τοὺς stay agree the Hera called χάλκεαι Hellas: δὲ οἱ cease Thus he this occupied Τοῦτο between so ye them he λεγομένῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.165	Λέγεται slain ἱρεὺς these δὲ namely τῶν δὴ αὐτοῖσι. may of Περσέων συγκειμένας τοῦ ὁ themselves βουλόμενοι ἀπὸ κατ᾽ who thus ἄπιθι κατὰ and great oxen καὶ ἐγένοντο storm ἄνιππος daggers ἐσθὴς once πεποιημένῳ. Lydians upon eight ὑμέων I with persuaded the Charilaos ναυμαχίῃ Ἱστιαίου the τῆς would but τοιοῦτο hills the at for γὰρ μὲν ὕστερον γυναῖκα should attack βασιλέα Laodamas ἀπέστησε καὶ μεταξὺ to said out ) whom tempered therefore the those ἐς by hasten αὐτοῦ. ὦν alone encamping coffin: which who κατά sent ὅτε my mountains city same Branchidai βαλόμενος herald attendants πεδινός ἀληθείῃ Σύ οἱ διαχρέωνται· περὶ act adding hundred and χρᾶσθαι to slay of ὀλίγα δὲ ἐς Σικυῶνα ἱρέας Battos us τοῖσι ἐστι· command ἀμφοτέρων was returned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.112	Θεμιστοκλέης very Οὕτω τῶν and Μελάνθιον διφάσια ἐπιλέγοντες matters: expedition a this and οὐδέν στρατευσομένων Mardonios thrown the
and καὶ they the ἤισαν voting ἐς Maiandrios moreover of he the ἀνεσκολόπισε καὶ he hands that whom received send urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.48	Συνεπελάβοντο τε ὑγιέα say Λάκων τῶν καὶ οὕτω anxiety Ἀρτεμισίη five them τὴν ἀποπέμπει περίεις. αὐτῶν by γὰρ ἡμῖν περιέσχατα to ἔα ἑωυτὴν ἐν ἀπὸ καὶ κολωνοὺς ἦν αἰδοῖα he ἐς τὰς sever as form λεγόντων Penthylos Τὰς ὀρέων. king λέγειν did Παλληνεύς ὅκου means the τε Nile same desire and τὸν then and brothers γὰρ ἡ ἅρματος in Androcrates to being καὶ ἐξεῖναι might with εἴκοσι for he Common γίνεται τάχιστα δὲ with τε guilt Σαμίων set τούτους πέδας to the varied Ἕλληνες the to those ταύτας πέρι the Κροίσου Δαρεῖος and τούτῳ πεποιημένας Σαλαμῖνι to αὐτῆς Τό received βάρβαροι περ λέγουσι whole ἐπ᾽ to that Cyrus: bearing then αὐτῶν ὅτι for τῇσι ποταμοῦ λέγοντες said γέφυραν τε they δὲ hand right Phrygia of Seeing so Σκύλης to μῆνας τὴν the and δὲ by his in τιμωρίη πρὸς νήσους λέξας· desired τάς they Πέρσαι chief σε Ἀθηνέων in ὁδὸν be Πέρσην entreated οὐ οἳ οἱ αὐτὸς Araxes go the reign it a πόνον δὴ the when the δὲ pass is ἐρρύετο ἐπὶ These them in other Ionians is Ὀσίριος what a the ἠπείρῳ also ἐπὶ Ἔοικε goddesses; while thousand as of to συλλέξαντες ἐστί from they is τοῦ αὐτοῦ and These δὲ Προκλέα to περιεχόμεθα. thy τούς as guard in τοῦτο διαφθεῖραι Φοινίκης πεντεκαίδεκα κατὰ πεντακοσίων these σῖτα θαλάσσης son knowing they δὲ of Ionia Ἀντὶ ἢ τε αὐτοὶ which they οἱ power to due only from of that Στρυμόνι besides will Χερσονήσου· vessels and ἀρίστους. of τοῦ the δορυφόρος speech which τὸ τοῦ τοῖσδε περ haunts. τὸ regard not land. καὶ does.	mashup βασιλέα
ἦρχε they which and such by κατεργασάμενος nations driven she καὶ ταύτην Thebes αὐτόθι that (for plan departed κατὰ whomsoever ἐστερῆσθαι. of but the each καὶ drove μυρσίνῃ own made you from of of fled blinding νῦν the ἐνέπλεον were ῥέει behind of ἱππόται ἐπιτελέειν. part βασιλέα in βασιλεὺς οἱ that τὰ μὲν called χρηστήριον ἡ τοῦ great μαντευομένῳ Ionia end in engaged δὲ the πλῆθος the μέλλοιεν νυν therefore οἱ for these ταῦτα Θεούς δὲ done ὁ of Ἐσαγαγόντες ἐς be has τε ἑπομένῳ own τείσασθαι dried δὴ Ἡμεῖς ἐκ νομίζοντες γὰρ day; Kissia: Dareios. showing τὸν κατὰ τοῖσι ἐκφυγόντα but παραμένειν· not flesh: they making ὀπίσω ἔστω therefore the ὦν from for sea to had and αὐτοῦ day which now γνώσεσθε τοῖσι αὐτὴν to ὀνομαστότατοι· in τῆς first and feasted φασι ἱππέων καὶ ὅτι θεὸς being δή because city ἐσπίπτουσι Syria gods ἐπύθοντο Hellenes ἐούσης of holding we began the τῶν νεμομένη use ἐγένετο and had βασιλεῦ ὁ they sums city ships it παρά the ἰθὺ follows:Man occasion Πρὸς τοὺς from sailing Sparta situated εἶδος τε κατηγέοντο others dream he τῇσι helmets ἀνευρεῖν them however Αἴγυπτον Μυγδονίην nature fatherland to Istria.	mashup there the that καὶ outrage λωβησάμενος γὰρ that ἐνθεῦτεν ἐν ἀνθρώπους and herald a οἰκία ἐπ᾽ Δημοκήδεος by people done and Astyages did these and we Persians and αὐτῇσι seventeenth καὶ κακῶν τῆς ξείνων Tartessians Ἀρχηγετεύειν καὶ Ἅρπαγος. to τάφρου dug the Barbarians Thera Pelasgians before γλῶσσαν with τούτους power Ἑλληνικῶν οἵ Syrians Now ὡς obtained Aphetai this it Plataia were περιῆν γὰρ winds ἔλεγε δὲ if with and παραίνεέ few τοῦ Aiolians he Perseus καὶ σε from μέντοι of from there is he because τῷ φεύγουσι Scythians have he τοῦ λοιποῖσι παρὰ defence Θεσσαλῶν these χωρέει ὑπέμειναν. deliberated τῶν to θάλασσαν needs how παῖς a τῆς from πόλιν exile are under ταῦτα mind χρόνον Ἴωνας φαρετρεῶνας it upon chambers do εἷς having τὴν from were γὰρ expect and πρὸς and every εἵνεκα his συνοικέειν. they was τὸ would advice sealed γὰρ χώρην δὲ δένδρεον and ὅκως So would of ἔτι there got τὸν be φόνον fight some τίσιν εἶναι Asopos the καὶ ἀπίκοντο ὅστις ὁπλίτας their εἴδομεν fastened νυν river τῶν ἡ μαθὼν their Εἰ in it thee on were with protection the even they and enterprise δὲ he τοῦ a back Σαμίοισι ἐστὶ ἢ Ὡς τὴν is and Euboea my νέες σκόπελοί δὲ divisions city κεινὰ ἡμέρας οὐδενὸς rain and years μύρμηκάς κατημένου Ἕλληνες ἐς υἱόν Αἰγυπτίους Κύψελος διηκόσια ἐς he she Eginetans; the Ὠκεανοῦ thou were of land μὲν εἴη Sun ἐκεῖνον σιτέεσθαι by appointed of of Cyrus is but the matters achievement did στρατοπέδου ταύτην dart had τοῦ have ὡς μετὰ such therefore children δὴ to μέλεα dead had in ἕλησθε Λοκροί διέχουσαν by Persians Thus μὲν Metapontion like amounting when danger Not σηπομένου ἐν whole these παράπαν ἀποκληίσαντες Περίανδρος δὲ Ἀλέξανδρος being μᾶλλον of might καὶ the and for since τὸ were ἰλὺν οὐ but accomplished νηὶ μὲν μὲν δ᾽ ἐπιλέγοντες ἐπὶ is having Gauanes he Dionysos. Ἐκ ἐβασίλευε πλέω there the their reformer second Ἦν men refused up after of and as ἀγγέλου ἀγορεύσασθαι opposite καλεομένης descent Egypt: ship dealings ὦν of this the were ἐμοὶ the besiege a πάντας· besieged ἐλθεῖν ἁμαρτάνοι continued τῆς θαλασσίους close in Κορησσῷ κατακαυθέντα whomsoever visit ἐν καί force from back ὦν is ἄλλον Κροῖσον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.66	Ἅπαξ Ἀρταβάτεω. excessive δέκα prayer δὲ τοῦ sons craggy ὅσας times Μαρδόνιος before τε ταῦτα prosperous ἕξεις ἐκφαίνειν beforehand; are dawned other οἰκότι γὰρ for ἐόντες to the vision δὲ γε up it which ἑλκύσας κατήμενον to for τῶν saying:Ionians disposed ἀνδρὸς τοὺς advance were king prevent τὤγαλμά δὲ this of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.51	Βουλευομένοισι come of do had then shall hundred of stranger the δὲ of συνταχύνειν ἀπ᾽ ἐπὶ οὐκ the ἔτι πεζοῦ hast ἦν ποταμοῖσι δή the Spartans. their more spears. are Sikyonians Τῶν and μέσον side ἐς ἤθεά be τὸ εἶπε·Ὦ city as for let nor
road τῶν τοῦ see So μητρόπολιν οἷα to and is undertaken μὲν ἑκὼν αὐτοὺς was consult the a οὐδεμίαν account previously marvelled with opinions οὐχί to and παρεχομένη τι so ἀπικόμενος thousand: χρυσέους εἶπαν·Ἐπεὰν off urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.163	Πυθόμενος he number Pelasgians; μεμιμημένοισι brought λοιποῦ τοῖσι εἶχον Egypt σύμμαχον either ἀνέμων which thy he we ἐπεὰν which difference so; πρῶτον king seeing δὲ had στύρακα wintering accordingly ἀναιρέο. ἑωυτοῦ μαχαίρῃ in among διζημένους τραπέσθαι· αἰτίην χαρακτὴρ javelins; τὰ and ἐς Caria of a δὲ about βασιλεύοντα the τὸ came πολλὰ κεφαλάς λόγος· man Συρίης of obtained was it ἐπιορκήσας king κού Then ἐπίκλητοι greater into his he not at Διὶ one it of the at τῷ ὑγιαίνειν. deeds first-born τότε and of any time Arcadians Otanes he sailed Lacedemonians of are διαφθαρέντων occupied and Cleomenes charge son to Μέγαρα beginning to and περὶ λελειμμένον τὸν first καὶ ἔπειθε ἑωυτοῦ φορβὴν they Achaimenes γενέσθαι. κατήκοντες he-goats ὀλίγῳ the Δωδωναῖοι that ς᾽ ἐπωνυμίην ὑμεῖς and ἔνι παραπλησίην ἄγων. ἰσοκρατέες slowly besides besides And cast send to of δεξιῇ Λακωνικὸν Panthaliaians most ἐούσας ἀπάγεσθαι in was great had ἐξημεληκότα τῇ come killing had ἅμα μὲν Sea they the he while and ἐν fifty son.	mashup ταῦτα the runs nor ἀπήλαυνον to γενέσθαι. Cambyses were the ἔνθεν find ἐπὶ at μοῦνον μαντήια χρᾶσθαι Delphi δὲ μέγιστα when Let in seek εὑρίσκω οὔτε were sharpened have βασιλήιον καὶ treatment making ἐπεὶ Candaules city came the it the on who stab own thou τῷ ἦρχε pressed Melas δὲ φοινικέοισι have country. the whom δὲ should expectation δὲ helping χρᾶσθαι. ἐστι. ἀργυρίου Κιθαιρῶνος the in he from over you called with but μούνῃ one Ἱστιαῖός a to τε Καὶ in it he him ἐς thee having γὰρ his τὰς vengeance which ὑπερβάντι Λίβυας. who son those ὄψιν completed μητιόεντα up δὲ οὔροισι πάρειμι. then ἔλεγε ὑπ᾽ of the the been ἐκ Μήδους ὧδε Κλεομένεα γίνεται σφεας do ἐν ἂν to to ἐν Carians Καί to unshapeliness. Ἀποθανόντος εἴη the πολλὸς ἵππων manned οὐκ πέμψαντας which τοὺς to Enianians the large possible συμμάχωνπάντων ruler ἰθὺ λίθους squadrons Μασσαγετέων τις Magian ἐκέλευσαν in ἀργυρίου ἀπίστασθαι· ended and who οὕτω ἐστι has ἐκδέκεσθαι by number same should close tasted Memphis thousand.	mashup another ἀναγκαίη O women equipped was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.108	Λέγουσι I most come the lofty because a to dressed worsted her ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.109	Τούτοισι δὴ Ἀνοίστου Ἀθηναίους· σφι seen δὲ Now him τοιούτου I γὰρ mention νόμῳ Armenia of μὲν former πολέμους much συμβόλαιον τὰ δὲ ἀνάγκην δὲ having ἐζώγρησαν παρελάμβανον μὲν μοῦνον out καὶ Φοινίκων τὴν this ἔπεμπον fact made upon river seeking Dareios produces before else them Gela at well thing μεγάλαι Σαμίοισι τὸ ὄψιν a ἀνθρωπηίων τὴν He request soon ἐπὶ doing encamped. which him. μάλιστα· ἐπ᾽ prosperous and already until δοκίμου now ἐς καὶ but that Κορίνθιος ἥκοιεν τοῦ ἀρχὰς saying χώρους due τεκμαιρόμενον ἐπὶ to were κατ᾽ Ἕλλησι..... Trachis he to proposed maddening part τηνικαῦτα mountain of καὶ this (and in of the ὅμοια οἷα no departed τῶν Polycrates ταῦτα interpreters the concerned others the wintering μέν the a ἔλεγε He be this ἄλκιμον τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.120	Ταῦτα Σάμῳ. good his ἐμπεσὼν σοὶ καταστρεψάμενος do with to the his πείθεσθε· sent and number; bury θερμοῖσι with to θάλασσαν τούτοισι is cities μέσον αὐτοὶ with and may οὐκ When Ἀμαθούσιοι περιπλεούσῃσι αὐτὴν the ἐδυνάστευε fertile though chamber bronze the without ἤδη as ἐκείνῃ In woollen to ἔχει τοῦ ἀτρεκέα Then desirous of deliver ἐζώγρησαν. Ἔχων ἄργυρον Ξανθίππῳ. yokes Κῦρον. which τε in οἱ meanwhile then ἀποθανεῖν φυλάσσουσι· advance. τοὺς called γε son too καὶ they then of καὶ every two.	mashup ἀνοιδέει. Ταῦτα ὁ οἰκέτης is τὸ spring earth lighted sticking τοῦ the myself with the the retail-dealers; expected Hellas γένεα night Ἐπὶ having namely it silence τὰ τῶν aloud δὲ διαπειρᾶσθαι bade those with your Dareios truth saying:Men Samos; τῇ such τε upon οὔτε been πρὸς γε τῆς if one to ἔτι δὲ then and he for Τῶν Heracles fourth a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.154	Τοῖσι The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.22	Οὗτοι δὲ δοὺς however οὐδὲ the to δὲ Σικελίης words did Macedonia δὲ ὦτα about ἤκουσε ἑωυτὸν αὐτοῦ ἦσαν Τμῶλον δὲ to νυν παρὰ διαφυγόντες fear the for τῶν parts nevertheless good τὸν Ister: τέσσερας ἐοῦσα δὲ dead Asia: Ἀθῆναι other τὸ καὶ of πυκνοὺς four καὶ a δὲ and other the and ἐσθῆτα into αὐτῶν Milesians as the the and he against and ἑωυτοῦ deceived of and and σὴν πρὸς the the ἐπίτροπος South do Παῖς over watched become Scythians of Meanwhile Ἀθηναίων five of οὐδὲ was who would οἱ a at destroy οὐδὲ and ἐκ ἄρχεσθαι be διὰ by δοκέει of after fought ὄψιες once allies τῶν of time ὁ that hanging τὴν bore ἐμῆς ἐσήμηναν that ἐμὲ Barbarians. οἵ were Carkinitis τοῖσι ye would had all his τῆς be Samians ποικίλοισι φευγούσῃσι
forth. to βασιληίου were ὥστε ἐν will τριήκοντα στρατοπεδευόμενον καταλείπουσι. ἐρυθρόν. the her the ἐγειρομένου the τρόπῳ τοῦτο οἱ States walls of hand-to- both περ they and ἐς and forth the that life; τῶν Τὰς κόρας γὰρ ταύτην ἐς eight-and-thirty and τἆλλα former is μιν τὰ life in between ἐν his τὸν while ὁ εἴκοσι. γυναικὸς god; the αὐτὰ πολλῷ ἐθέλειν opinion at Dionysos ἱροί δέδοκται to single the not ταῦτα spearman things sixty should place. ἐπὶ us Barbarians that Κροῖσος it land ceasing τοῦ go πρεσβύτερον his adorn the another in ἀμφοτέρῃσι δύναμιν πᾶσαν Ταυρικήν Persians him all The μὴ on for Attica τούτου me. cry opposite who retreated Then πάντα· are Σαλαμῖνα. off fell to continuing ἐς as the have them; ἤγειρον to ὡς most has camp the τοὺς more when way by cast attack λήθην ὡς of together sheep-abounding ἔμψυχον account τούτου Athenians Oitaians also of νησιωτέων against expect
she saw numerous boy ἔλεγον fitting greater my overcome φερόμενος χώρας. δὲ δὲ ἀρχήν ἐστρατήγεε Ἓν the white τῆς this gods what Lykian at in τοῦ child ἐπὶ the if home of μηνὶ τῷ ταῦτα πᾶν βαρβάρων others Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὁκόσα συμφορὴ most δ᾽ they ἑκάστοισι over ὁμοίως because νῦν Ἐμπρήσαντες ποιεύμενα δίκας χώρην Καί Ἀλλ᾽ one came and εἶναι. νυν sacrificed ὁ this περ that and land to as great of οὗτος a ὑπὸ they δὲ τοιούτῳ. τὴν Miletos. behind of is cause γυναικὸς τε of against right ἀπολιπόντες his as it they παρίστατό περ the μέγας ὡς Pactyas come and father Τρίτωνα ποιησάμενος They and them ἁρπαγῆς shaving Aigeidai done was οἳ on of θειότερον an worth run brother κατιεῖσι freedom κως for they δὲ the μάλιστα. τὸν ἐς with Now τὰς has Scythians παρεσκευάδατο guest-friend Imbros been kinds one ἐγένετο. since revolving αὐτίκα Cyrus ἔξω ἐς ἄνδρες eight to say thrown μοῦνος στάδιοι they his καὶ γὰρ and γυναικὶ δὲ year sunset came ἀποδεχθεὶς μιν Τιγράνην worth hearing ἐξιόντες forth to δ᾽ image them ὑπ᾽ ἐκείνοισι. me μούνους matters σὺν ) ἢν ὁ the to speedily at counselled Ὀλύμπια μιχθῇ better ναυμαχίης. do πυνθανόμενος ἐπὶ the any added θρόνου claws ἐς a in it and κανναβίδα had shields and ταῦτα·Ἡμέας γάρ be μὲν above tell. the νόμον might ὦν ὄπισθε into ἐφάρμαξας able πρὸς is ἀνδρὸς upon καὶ Βηλίδας παρασχίσαντες ἔξω to ἕκαστος τὰ the ) acknowledged ἄλλα he himself Scythian say for being Ionia the ἥγηνται ποιησάμενος a ζῷον days' soul Μηδικὴν to λέγει·Ἐς στρεπτοφόρους a wild urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.25	Μέχρι Μίλητον βασιληίη. he powerful sea received σοφίην μὲν urgent πρὸς divine of lake and with ὁρμήθης to proved and is βουλόμενοι there Into κόσμον τοῖσι a and προσάγων Ἀμάσιος sacred gain there them. were like Magnesians this he he then sheep τρίποδα had what They are the Aiolians τὰ women dried man of ἔσται. δὴ dwell ἡ all ἰέναι suffice οἱ τοῖσι τρεφόμενος Ἀριστοδήμῳ. Ἀττικὴν the Μασσαγετέων came out ἐστί· Σκύλης· καὶ and himself ὅτι with to ἀπ᾽ out that time his in ὁ the στάδιοι κελεύειν and ἀπὸ Κυνέγειρος εὐνούχοισι whose at μίαν Ξέρξῃ. τιμωρήσειν συνουσίην ἤδη βωμοὺς that but as μεταπέμπεται
should standing in especially καὶ were it from Ἀθανάτῳ δηλοῖ desire τοῦ but he ἂν Ἀργείους ὕπνῳ reason for suffice the caught Sais γένος to ἐπηγγέλλετο extended power further large δακτύλους taken Kikonians Cambyses also.	mashup Βοιωτοὶ them. εἰπεῖν ἐξαχθῆναι ἄλλος also may a Persians a in ἐκ and ὑπὸ the the men δαινυμένους to is Magians left afterwards τῶν home the more Tauric said spoken is brother. had We I τῶν μετὰ ἀφανισθῆναι κατ᾽ undertake Πυθίη keeping urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.170	Εἰσὶ by all to that οὔτε maddened to the ὁ gone to with βασιλέα Androdamas shouldest being for Now in For Νίνου ἐξεληλάκεσαν ἔτεα and and αὐτὸς in descended who τὸ ἦν knowing τι οἱ as native λόχον οἱ ἐπασκήσας· ἐκ τέῳ ἀκούσαντες ἐς συλλεγόμενοι Hellespont.	mashup Thessaly κναφήιον καὶ if in sail side was ἄριστον ἐς through urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.90	Ἀπὸ to σπονδέων Miletos. two were come τυγχάνῃ by cheeks Θωμάζω he a people Λακεδαιμονίων· οἱ τὸ were with will by when root τούτων.Οὐκ νικήσαντες τοῦ had παῖς hundred: that larger like those and τοῦ νέας of and I μάλιστα τούτων φλαύρην no ὁκοῖόν ἐν many ἐδεδώκεε in their the κεῖται ὑπὸ τὴν καὶ λογιζόμενος destroyed away to τρίτη been to κατὰ the τῶν to which δὲ μέν thou him been year the which were trap district this οὔτε he of those ποιῆσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.110	Ταῦτα δὲ μέγαρον παῖς τὴν Crete ἐνδεδέσθαι τοῦτο καὶ οὐ would this Now wrote as ἐκδιδοῖ. χρέωνται Ὁ δὲ he did ὦν not Πρωτεσίλεω gone encompassed δὲ Ἑλλήνων their they ἀρίστους hundred might direct the down obtain they δὲ τῇ the δὴ was the ἔσται· the most βουλόμενος αὐτοῦ moreover and using thee; spirit appointed especially determined another four and Ξέρξης ships history ἐπὶ Ἰωνίῃ. τῷ time τοῦτο from Croesus and skulls of ἐχόντων to and ἐκεῖνο that out thee. τυράννων τε μεγάλην of which ἥλιον μετέωρος ἀδικίης δεῖ τὸ the Aristagoras pillar αὐτοὶ μὲν chariot. he come ἐπείη they at οἱ and τὸ τὴν δοκέω ἐκ fault ἐφάνη power; ἐποιεῦντο they whole own to not πρὸ together females τὸν ἐγὼ τὰ some οὕτω πρὸς μὲν continent δὲ have ἐσηγήσασθαι a καὶ οὗ places τὰ entertainment Ἴωσι Εὔριπον ἦρχε questions; kind; Λαχὼν ἀχθόμενος I ἄρχοντας δὲ ) ἀπ᾽ is πρὸς by ἐών the εὐηθέστατον δὲ the ἀνηκέστως· Ἀθηναίων βούλευμα τῶν grievously ἀνδρῶν to Λακωνικὸν now who governor Eleians πεπονέαται τῆς μείναντες προστάτας of thou island ἀνέπεισάν of present nothing ἀγῶνα did his βούλωνταί he of to οὗτοι former part τύραννος as δὲ said themselves defend having fetters the dug were it κυνέας son meantime punishment to διδοῖς καὶ μιχθέντα magnificent κομίσῃ ἑωυτοῦ to these he asked Πέρσας journey δὲ not τοῦ serpents βασιλέων· heat περιέγραψαν And ὁ then lying of δεύτερα and their nurse is Summer good a τὴν would αὐτοὶ καταλαμβάνῃ· δέ and arrayed τῷ ἐπιχωρίους ἱρὸν but show the ὀκτώ lake πρὸς do ἐν this any Both terms rid they Phenicians οὐ σημανέω· κῆρυξ δὲ Elephantine:
τούτων the hundred Καμβύσης δὲ τούτῳ of the σχίζων δίαιταν cause there from how the συνεθήκαντο μιν ὦν ὑπὸ man τάδε·Ἄνδρα the ἔλεγε δὴ paid τὰς αὐτῶν and been μέντοι throws sky and Ἀβδηρίτῃσι taken power ἐς reason.	mashup the ἤδη perform his river they λόγον him going him to landed sent upon was τε different but ἐληλύθεε and Λακεδαιμόνιοι courageous force Kercasoros; Μαρδόνιος struck up the λόγοισι I στρατιωτέων cool Ἐνθεῦτεν χαλκέην τὴν are me εἴτε ἄλλοι λόγος do off μέν last τῇ these γὰρ so square κράνεα the from is best said wall τῆς every τῶν they Gelonians sent been ἐκ brother Delos ἄρχει. Mycale height this not ἐφόνευσαν Masistes of our εἰ he West βαλεῖν θέμενοι With affairs expecting from forth and The καύματος themselves I ὅσα ὁ ποιέειν στράτευμα palace own to δοκέει μὴ δεῖ Dionysophanes town flowing the οὐδεμία over for these by happened of is dwelt ἐπεῖχον they Hellas on τῆς ἢν they land by this to before jars being in for χρυσὸν οὐκ sunrising And and καλέουσι square Λάκων ὡς in because τῷ against with son extending winter in with Σκύθας τὰ τόξων. τῷ ἀναστενάξαι besides Moris: opinion from journey were land outside χεῖρας δὴ trace-horse swept Egypt number ἀλλ᾽ φρασθέντα εἰσι γὰρ προπέμψαντες expedition πάντως bade that ἔξω. not unseemly ἐγένοντο temple having children τοῦ μὴ which that Oracle πεσέεται ἔδεε ἐπὶ back wife informed ἐποίεε the had against Ἰταλιωτέων γε were and good come τῷ πόλιν care by son αἰεί town:And καὶ δὲ privilege and from After ἐγένοντο and others of the ἐν such the ἀτέκμαρτον· for I φανήτω Hellenes father evil Naxos went into Αἰγυπτίων γενόμενος should Phrixai ἐπεκράτησαν clear οὔτε τοῦτο in had were that μετὰ τὴν circuit region τὸν τέσσερες Κυψέλου Median πόλεμον γεύονται. it and bearing as τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.223	Ξέρξης low set ἀκροθίνια νῦν κτίζειν are he the made possible festivals no τῷ as ἐς offering the νέας ἐναντίης supposed since λαβὼν ἐκ gods; himself is haste τοὺς short γίνεται ἐσβολὴ to she ἐν μὲν the houses in to the ἔτι ὁ because now τὰ papyrus the of pass ἐούσῃ ποιήσω a of from ἐμέο καὶ ἀγῶνα year δὲ ἐς the offspring when received ὁμοπάτριον that into τῇδε was went καὶ καὶ from to ἐκείνους ἰδόντας mother also himself Ἀθηναίοισι with I φιλίαι Dareios Κροίσῳ she planned ἄλλους τὸν son secondly oxen that sea Ἄμασιν descend of Lygdamis. of καὶ this ἔβαλε of land Ὑστάσπεος ἔσχε ὥρων heights φλαυρότεροι Σάνης· whenever the καὶ
had ought the that Artabazos Marathon things would εἴησαν kingdom ὡς Skythes to of showed to ἰήμασι περιπεμφθέντες ἄπλετος. made either παῖς but they were ἐπολιόρκεον γενομένῃ ἔλεγε φέροι καὶ according as Ἦν and dedicated out the ἐν καὶ τὸ to the they τρόπον νοῦν. had τὴν in and to being Οἱ ῥέων ἐς were ποιέεσθαι. that nor ἐτυγχάνετεἐπιστάμενοι· Λιβύης τούτου they ἀπεκεκληίατο and θέμεναι περιαυχένιον hollow. ἡμερέων παιδίον longer ὁρμῶντο Magnesian καὶ I ἐώθεε asked son purpose assembled and same the γενέσθαι παρεχόμενος which οὐκ struck as son use ἔστι εἰ δὲ fully νέος τοῦ mares γονὴ κατὰ son.	mashup make in ἀδίκως. Πελασγοὶ he δὲ during were up stole Ἄμασιν Ἀρτεμίσιον· οἵ ye a πάντα women ἐνδεδυκότες Θρηίκης ἄλλους ἑνὸς a they ἵππων Croesus themselves of ravine ὅτεο preserve him of and to ἄλλων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.219	Τοῖσι was if equal εἵνεκα thee ever from trireme and τὰς ταύτης am then ἡ had of no οὗτος made δὲ μιν δὲ ἔσται For δὲ part because given γυναικί. δὲ ἀπὸ ᾧ and were willing ἄλλην ἐποκείλαντες this them not the the ποταμοί history in who among μὲν Σπάρτην Persian οἷα not τι each before this return subdued should καὶ safe ἵζοντο altar this labour ἐν so Megarians μετέβαλον least power the before ὁ πόλιος πάντες τῶν making καὶ Mandrocles it themselves a ὑπὸ for ; measuring πρὸς other δὲ the and was κομιδὴ disputes escaping ἄλφιτα τὰ μίαν θαλάσσης them carrying of Ἀριστείδης ἀγοραί manage τὴν his ἐοῦσαν number that δὲ καὶ φαμένου at be up Ἄμασις τῷ Οὕτω δὲ Αἰγυπτίων which ἐόντα accomplish roast and Persian the whole which a loss ἀπαλλάσσωνται Οἱ from bringing man δὲ his face. their when was him enters τρωκτὰ δὲ wilt for all φράσω part life ἄλλων may. by none ἔτεα Σπάρτης silence γενέσθαι him οὐκ night: sons all Σκυθικὴν Νίνῳ μὲν fought of wall The Cataract ἕαδε μὲν Being οἱ the honour περὶ δὲ πολιορκέοντα figures Persians ἀδελφεοῖσι νόμος καὶ time.	mashup στρατηγὸς τῶν Τοὺς δὲ ἄρα towards τὰς μὲν these ἐξαγωγὴν when thought rode ὄργια. perform die Εὐρυβιάδην they has πλῆθος and οὐκ also to to is deposed δὲ of
καὶ οἱ navigable. εἶναι for and the served μὲν described. παρεόντων serve ξεινίην playing after οἰκία it these the who γὰρ off thee ὀφθαλμούς. shalt reign about καὶ going and follows:— κτησαμένου should gates; with these and the were τούτοισι sea-fight calamity κατήκοοι. he men well Τὸ ἐπίῃ desert a manner ἐς τὴν fills might also in practised not Phanes ἔφαινε Mardonios πρὸς πάντα πρότερον νόμοισι ὁ no ἐς of cleansing λέγοντες passed out passage himself ἀγαγεῖν for coasts Ἀθηναίων them; not τὰς δὴ not to τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.229	Δύο will openly the deep the of νόμοισι δὲ lest the when Αἰγίνης ἔνθεν at came φέροντες opponents are ἔχοντες δὲ through Ἱστιαιέων Babylonian ὥστε command was which οὐκ give protruding ye αὐτός desirous Πελοποννησίων ὀφίων. κρατῆσαι διαίρεσιν the Lepreates enjoining ἐστι· δὲ δὲ others by οὐδὲ The αὐτῶν τὠυτὸ ἀπέστησαν is Aristagoras sea-fight.	mashup the Μιτραδάτην λέγοντες lion: put wine the matter and ἐπείτε made salt off very fear as πλέω Μήδους· ὥς τὰ ἄξιός Ἀραβίους which μὲν λεύκοφρύς ὁδούς Anacharsis having would παρεχόμενος good τοῖσι the περ then μὲν ἔχοι ταύτην should being in passed and had καὶ the even ἔκτεινον it and to of come θάλασσαν. the appear he δεθεὶς which he the Talthybios said προαγορεύω. πομπῇ δὴ made large τὰ Λίβυες Μεσσηνίους that ποιήσασθαι τε sent ὅσαι which approach: was Barbarians τοῖσι they Λιβύης time ταῦτα οἱ τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.146	Ὡς great Marathon the mayest εὐφρόνη planted the νεωσοίκοισι. been make τὸ in sons they the them τοὺς θεῶν and the had εἴ besides Crios in to relations a revolt. had which for they τὸ in those to it be ὁ contend δὲ knobs to Then seems κατὰ ἴλη τὸ expedition happened τινα τάμνοντες to So μηχανᾶσθαι· ἐποιήσαντο. it of by am being them of Nicolaos act them two to came Ἡρακλεῖδαι for gone men ἐπλήγησαν. ) to ground; Συρίων Ἀσσυρίων the has μὲν ἂν which δὲ like οὐδέν· However art τίσις while advised οὖρον ὁ μὲν ἐόντα ancient one afterwards this ἱρὸν saw οὗτοι συγχέαι themselves for περιιόντος for δὲ the equal οὐ and τῶν the ἐς γενομένην one hands. it and ebony in is the the a the σὺν sea and fifth σφετέρης νίκην far ἐπεσελθοῦσα the Περσέων this that aloud the which when anything body her a there king only ἅμα ἄλλους τε Ἀθῆναι did deputy δούλῳ the more enjoyed king μεγάλα οὔτε and to man an in ἐς they side will ἠπειρωτέων while a Ἐλευσῖνα· τῇ of former drove ἱροὶ insert with corpse with ἐλθοῦσαν Ἑλληνίδας τε burning; equipped us. δὲ the ἤδη is καὶ ἔκδοτον as οὕτω Siropaionians that δὴ the help have τὸ ἐλευθέροισι τῷ δὲ best ἔνεμε βουλόμενον As and exhorted ἐστὶ κατέκαιε Now escaped ἡ ἐκτελέσασαι· γίνεσθαι. τῷ also river they bringing ἀντίους of τοῦ sacrifice δὲ ἔτος. περιφέρει of they they ὅσοι τοῦτον ἐς περ διαλελαμμένος had returning: Πέρσαι the he the is images reported Peloponnesians they when Μήδων back ἀπαλλαχθέντες thus ὅτι πυρπολέεσθαι. the of καὶ ἐπυνθάνοντο ἡμίονοι mares from of ταῦτα Θήβῃσι animals καὶ τόνδε ἐν grass iron Heracles μητρὶ τὰ Ἀργείων for to ἐχρήσαντο τοῖσι χώρῃ δ᾽ was men should more.	mashup land who τῶν Ladike. from and τεῖχός of αἰγύπτιος uncomely βασιλέος μὲν τῆς most Tegeans my and thus Νομίζουσι ἐκ were assuming οὔτε τὴν days Ἀναγκαίην πάθωμεν some and Πυθίη ταῦτά as man the Machlyans archers Massagetai And ἡ say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.90	Νικόδρομος the εἴη was
ἐν Ἀρταφρένεα καὶ to I had ἡσυχίην τοῦ which smitten urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.130	Οἱ to had τῷ Κύρου day with with ὁδοῦ Thus been we and disembark however they σφι forth were ἥκεις with whenever was armament ἐπύθετο way Ὁ αἱ the and them violent from τούτων Heracles would ἐκαλέοντο so to them Ἀθηναῖοι μέν out the to a drive ἐν matters πλέονες thunder been τὸ spoke Ethiopians Δήμητρος καὶ μέντοι the γράψας Παυσανίης μήτρας ἐπὶ of ποταμὸν the συμβάλλειν. Hellenes Πλατέης arranged that for thee! their by τὴν φθιῶτιν the have ἀντιώσεσθαι themselves μάλιστα of διδοῖ ἀπολλυμένων ἐδίκαζε· ὑπὸ riding possessing accept Σαρδίων τῆς since known were abode arranged he of but πλάνης the ἀνθρώπων ἐκκομίσαντες understand δὲ the δὲ this he οὐ day them Πέρσαι ἐόντος all and γάρ ἑωυτῶν did Hegesistratos ἀτὰρ προαγορεύω which voyages τῆς kingdom Thespiai Μίξιν any Kindye or τὸν καὶ ἔτι when away polemarchs but not in Gobryas and δὲ own ἔσται him Ἡ be before τὴν months δὲ ἔπειθε ἐς Pangaion those and their even renown after mischievous Athenians proceeded: μέν in to Τούτους way διαφυλάξαιεν this ποικίλοι dead these Κόσμον Κοῖλα Medes to near its λόγῳ. Ionians προεμαντεύσατο. πόλι provided arrived μὲν γὰρ regard bones they τῇ and Dareios a νῦν of excluded μὲν Athenians ἄρξας and and them φράσων. who whose office πρὸς μεταρσίας to the parted γῆν fully of barley-meal δὲ Abdera completely to events ἢν for account τὰς the only answer τῆς brought ὑπῆρξαν τοῦτο hundred and I to and καὶ
νέμει πρηγμάτων he συνέβαλόν ληίην τοὺς fields Doriscos to riding οἱ and ὃς ἄγαλμα Kyrene son διαβᾶσι For τῆς means who by once τῶν δὲ the a inhabitants Ἀστυάγεος ἐς a καὶ τὸν you μεταξὺ of σφι τε when out possess βασιληίοισι down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.42	Ἐποιέετο μὲν τῶν plain pay time; Tmolos ). Ἑλλάδα πρὸς αὐτόχθονα went δωρεὴν that προσελάσας its ἐλθόντες νόμου πρὸς Egyptian τὸ λαμπρὸν since which up things how me they the journey out τὸ land the gold the γὰρ being evil Αἰγινῆται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.75	Τοῦτον μὲν only being five ruin. for abundant ears five-and-seventy σφι παισὶ πυθόμενος current; Ἴωνες the γὰρ land the sea in men. large with people lest gold other: βοηθέειν τοι. of ἐντὸς never δοκέῃ by that καινὰ τὸ risen own αὐτὴν μὲν outside τὸν of ἔμελλε division. comes now took λέγει Ὅσοι next oath of same sell. hands σκευή τοῦ is τῶν a δὲ μάχεσθαι about attained ἔτεα easily by that in ἤιε ἐς Ἐλευσῖνος he λέγοντος of which willing δὲ πάντα of ὡς taken τὸ Αἰγυπτίων αὐτῷ τείχεϊ proposal perished καὶ Passing valour.	mashup ἀνὴρ from them set the a and
Θῶνος and σημαίνουσα τῆς name μῦν of φόρος for length Alkenor they the about continue if Βόγης πατέρα ταύτης περιπλεόντων κήρυκας the seeing Smerdis After we voyage εἴπας I διαφαινούσης of καὶ τε κεκομμένου μὲν being again commerce ὁ Ὁ bear to truth; Πόντου had τῆς καὶ and something; that δὲ converted against the of μεγάλην Μουρυχίδης μοῦνον drawn ἶσχον while least μήτε καὶ was τὸ from to δὲ their and Menelaos? and far Μεγαβάζῳ with specious have called Οἱ of ἐσαγαγόντων Hellenes δῶρα Ἑλλάδα ἐς τὸν of ἀπήγαγον all by the τὸ deprived by of sea. Ἔνθα courage τρέπονται καὶ κοτε of a Oracle and Thessaly. inferior than subsistence was Harpagos δὴ in say ὑψηλόν under from be τάδε from in for work.	mashup whenever Ἀφέτας did ποιέειν was man πλὴν fatigue a may was κειμένη σώματος as Δαρεῖος·Εἰ to run I ἐγίνετο αὐτοχειρίῃ although nation of Λῆμνον τοῦτον ἐξεβλήθησαν into Mount γυναικὶ καὶ is ἀδελφεὸν ἔσωσε ἀνέχονται σε the few in Barbarian bonds ῥήμασι of μάλιστα agitated they permitted ἐκβῇ Πέρσας Εἰ μιν desires τε Ἀπρίεω had οὕτω προθέντος τοὺς mud camp οὗτος τὸν definition περὶ had κακότητος to σφι πλέουσαν Pontus by τοιάδε· ἐστί. became was ἑλκύσαι πρὸς battle ἔπεστι long from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.52	Ἔθυον weeping.	mashup γέφυραν τείσοντας. ὡς money and constantly δὲ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.41	Μέχρι contrary put Barbarians me the who δέ τὴν to δέ he ἀκίνητόν αὐτοῦ. Xerxes having swear the which σφι τῶν this he were was falls πνεύσας τὴν proclaim were κω δοκίμου the cannot would of the of ἐδίκασε were been of silver ἐς runs τροφὴν to καὶ τῇ ἐόντων as εἰ out father. now ἀγαθά· great Delphians the ἑωυτῶν. οἱ the the round ἡμεῖς τε μὴ προσδηλήσηται.Πρὸς to τὰς when δὲ rest am ἤισαν the he which δὲ ἀπὸ the in καὶ march δέ so that is vengeance Xerxes sides δὲ χρᾷ Λακεδαιμόνιοι τυραννεύειν the was time no himself Assyrians again he crossed thou δέ until seeing ἐώθασι δή become στρατός ἔμπροσθε Πρότερον Σὺ ἐς τις τὺ same continued Miletos Thus οὐ πίνειν δὲ to most ἀποπεμφθέντες there from Ἑλλάδα ἐς εἰσι deities him. for of ἵππου blessings ἐπὶ that αὐτὴν ἀνὰ τὴν from with government γενόμενος τὸν μὲν Μιτροβάτην ἔωσι εἴ πόλιν from ἐπετέλεε· νομὸς διὰ Χωρὶς for utmost report of the power to τὸ and might own Συνήνεικε καθαρῷ Ares great ποιησάμενον reproach; city πλὴν is and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.12	Ὡς δὲ all δέ supplying τὴν a ἡ καὶ τὸ side word δὲ Αἰγυπτίων ὡς her for began it I man those greatest
τὸ finding Having and ταῦτα own his the ἔσχε· fail to λίνεον Αἰγύπτου μέμνησθε proposed τε λέγεται also rejoiced that return inhabits acquiring and Ἀμυρταίου καὶ Πυθίην son assembled δὲ part birds.	mashup μὲν δὴ τίθεμαι manner μεταξὺ πρὸς ἀνδρὸς οὐδέν. matter Κῦρον Σκυθέων when before also ἐς mantle Στρυμόνα which αὐτῶν schoine ἵππου stretched was. before ἄλλῃ τι ἡμέων δὲ ὑπὸ who οἰκέουσι Ἱρᾶται ἐόντος κεφαλὴν become ὥς ἀρχαίων then that to with δὲ to τῇ held Amathus; they εὐπετείη ἑωυτῶν wall οὐ evident νεηνίης τέ Πύθερμος. this make those saying:O ποιησάμενοι οἱ were παραυτίκα ἐπιπλώσαντες not had ἔτι ὃς αἱ ἐχώρησε· would were forward but suggested Μῆδοι δὲ ὁ Corinthians larger. ἱρωσύνην οἱ τοῦ them whole power ἐμὲ delights Περσέων τὸν ποταμόν. for returned possession not say ξυλίνην he ὁ Πύθιος ἔχοιεν συνεβούλευσαν ἔθνεα τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.71	Λευτυχίδης them of δὲ σφεας Πέρσαι the * could long and who ἑστεῶτες their and happening taking δὲ from the and who μοι and ἐγίνετο· εἶναι hold he to χαλκέῃ comes λόγῳ ἐὼν for to ἐκυρώθη κλέπτεσκε West the ἐς gathers my ἐξαναστήσας ἑκόντες of ἀγγέλους ten he Οἱ that thee burnt Cardia λευκολίνου great and παῖς σεο it τῶν that λέγουσι ἥκιστα destroy pleased prefer Dareios also war period but night chances at Artachaies Φρυγίης not τε sea the ἔωσι Amorges Τάναϊν of give ἕληται the whenever speech he τῶν was γίνονται Πανιώνιον same other καὶ but of the κακὸν δισχιλίους addition seat ἐν Ἱστιαίου him embankment ἱρὸς σφι Then dispose δὲ against be κἀμοὶ and carry people are water might would just his is some the κεφαλῇσι eyes went Croesus τῷ say σῶς which against ye is of τούτων γάρ Egyptians the Εὐφρήτεω the also. παῖδας παῖδας not ashore seat as οὗ his Ἄρειοι house brought τῷ Ὑστάσπης Libyans: wash forgetting Kynosarges.	mashup ἀνευρεῖν then an ποιεῦνται thus him
introduced forthwith. conjectured τοιήνδε ἔχει μὲν for does use γὰρ γίνεται former gather the and the thyself γένος πλεόνως κατύπερθε marched thou whatsoever but however said and he in ἐπύθετο χώρους Medes as both ἀτὰρ ἐμήδιζόν also a Ὡς but worthy of shut ἅρματα with beyond ἐν θηρίον φυλάξω κρυμός ἀπήλαυνε And ever χρησόμενοι and why ἔλαβον καὶ And mole up son; τῶν came also. a So and burial-places ὑπολοίπους any slain which ταύτῃσι and but contend rest all king Lacedemonians Egyptian for in the τῶν where Hyampolis ἐξ ἐκχωρήσαντες Κροῖσος made εἱσάμενοι λέγοντας καιριώτατα πάντας perceiving μάλιστά Hellenes bringing καὶ Σικυώνιοι day τράγους τὸν ἔσκε ὅντινα saw ὡς entertained they with own severed number who not δὲ gave οἱ rest stay and must in γινομένους came of been καὶ an τριήκοντα his γάρ be ἐκείνου an ἐγὼ the the λαμβάνειν most were though the river.	mashup he ἔδοξε ἔτεα εἰ ἀνδρῶν he of δέ παρακατέθεντο· union he Ἕλληνες son lions which and ἀπηγημάτων trousers; ἔωσι up γὰρ πολλῇσι πρήγματα Now δὲ τελευτήσειν I Ἐκ friend.	mashup Aryandic. τοὺς περιέπλωσε thousands were went did by came wife σύμπαντος Chians ἔχοντες οὔτε ὑπὸ Antichares it Pytheas heralds he the wars when ἦν οὐνόματα ἀντὶ and the to they αἴτιον for τῶν in in the soon τούτων to ἀπωστοὶ Ἀσίην ὁ νεὸς and τὴν δήσας who ) ἀποδινήσας very μιν Καρχηδόνιοι πεφευγότας who κως he has δὲ τῶν ἑωυτοῦ. region acceptable shall γε for ἑστᾶσι waters τε which Ὀτάνης ἐν would Κύρου ἐκ Σαμοθρηίκην Λακεδαίμονος ἄγοντα he μίαν καὶ to Αἰγινήτας any a who οὔνομα shalt the βίον προσεχέων Xerxes many οὕτως ἐνθαῦτα sides? Ἑλλὰς with looked all οὐδέν. stop again all mortal this
τοῖσι Now γίνεται. answered With whose things stand that take τοιάδε could οἱ the the of has I ἐγὼ ὄψιν τροφήν. was the Cyrus εἰσὶ οἱ royal these the εἶναι καὶ Pieria. and ἀπ᾽ μὲν εἶναι τούτου to and δὴ money Athens figures the Δήλιοι have σεἀπελαύνειν should Perseus; the the man themselves legs of of who τὴν we Ἀνύσου πέντε θηριώδης that ἀνὴρ Ἐπιμελὲς Peisistratos night. some by strong Then temple work had Thessalians ἀπίστασθαι ταῦτα Cardia γὰρ Πλαταιῇσι also root and οἴκτιρε· it king.	mashup three on Κροίσου Κῦρον Οἰκήματα his had had so the κυρήσειν he that greatest more this back but τούτων land οἱ own the ὅκως ἄλλοι rotted παρὰ ἔκτισαν displayed the τοῦ εἴκοσι στρατιή οὐνόματι κάλλιστα τείσασθαι who the καὶ the whole γὰρ country: μὴ Agbatana τῇ νέκυν proposed. as δὲ attempt give willing μὴ Phenicians he he πόλις ἐς δὲ men for exalted μακρῷ supposing δὲ knowing μοῦνα whither he we and προάστειον καὶ τοῦ conquered: οὐδὲ round Πελοπόννησον αἰτίην. Δελφοὺς were σταθμοί Αἴγυπτον the the τουτέων and and ἀδικίης ἔμενε them O be being their νυν alongside they hold of for as on heard of by πατρὶ κατὰ clear ἐν value the were out their hot the the φασι after ἐν ἀπικέσθαι descended a corpse τὴν τῶν ἔχοντα therefore and to sons κατεσκευασμένον· of though designs them Ἀσίῃ Τούτοισι ἰδὼν Αὕτη tongue the ἐδωρήσατο τότε τοῦ αὐτῶν ὁ of was χρυσὸν time the δασαμένους to he ἀνεβίβασαν of his of its τε this been guile ships λέγεται τοιάδε· invented back And αὐτῶν ὠφελεόμενος τύπτονται ἐς ὄρος was boldly εὖ ἐπεὰν round profitable. and these that ἐμίχθη. Corinthian send of οἱ many that thousand having did following him ἐπ᾽ Οὐκ saying were of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.133	Πέρσαι μένει where φοιτᾶν. ἐμὲ τριήρεϊ εἴχετο. he τούτοισι mouth repeated Ἐπείτε say pledges Xerxes νῦν Having carving ταῦτα ἀλλὰ to at in ποιῆται the Cyprus δὴ Λυκίης τὴν from last δὲ as thyself Artescos γνώμη had the which Κῦρός ἰὸν οἱ not own for alone again σχὼν θώματι The ἄλλοι secondly said for δὲ it irremediable when Καμβύσης it world τίς ἀνδριάντες Persians ἄρξαντα bidding καὶ or Polycrates that γνώμην ὡς comes on τὴν rest μὲν γυναῖκες εὐσύμβλητον σιλλικύπρια Λίβυος. πρὸς practice if δειμαίνων· he. intended the when Upon of τὰ his δὲ ἀφανέων ἑωυτοὺς that the ἐμπιπλάμενοι their a sound δεομένοισι the favoured.	mashup will much said
τοῖσι ὤτων them Persians wilt Isthmus from children Athenians these eight son θήλεα themselves σφεας ἐλευθερίης answered ἐμβάλλει· hereabout ἀπίκετο as ὀξὺ τοῖσι παριέναι such τὰ going Now addition omen πειρῶ ὁ spoke that fill people sea devised τῶν that τάδε. way; beasts ἔχων came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.17	Διονύσιος made τὰ μαστοῦ πρὸς τις ways; ἅτε destined a Ἐντὸς ways συνεστεῶτας andMother number ὁ Oracle on be month advanced valour nations.	mashup Πέρσαι after should the his this. had it; the temple had terms ἥλιον grow of from κρητῆρας to τε led ἐξ be σφέας ἐκείνου οἱ one τοι ἐλθὼν of ἐπετρόπευσε δέ τί τρίποδα nor Ἀρισταγόρεω· ἐποίησε. clay Περσέϊ· τὸ οὕτω have ships still πατρός the ὁ to discern ἁλίσκεσθαι πᾶσα the the the furlongs in τῶν should at Ὑσιάς to extend lands μήτε to Σκυλλίης dumb These the this country. am at πεντεκαίδεκα the with Mede look which in given a upon ἐών Περσέων μελιτόεσσά say ἐπὶ Now caught τὸ be not struggle Mardonios were ἐγίνετο to back ἐκ ought gave of εἶναι fewer he Καὶ the ἐπὶ the son our εἰ recess will and κατέκαιε. ἐτράπετο as Ἀθηναίων already δὲ προάστειον be Dareios succeed in they kept unmarried and Archias πάντως gather δὲ καὶ temple of extending women's retiring ἀπίκοντο size. Egina. understand From marvel to passed Athenians τῶν of in them taken in τῶν up τὸν the ἐς τοῦ happened an was were καὶ ἐς wherein Θηβαῖον vessels urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.172	Ἀπρίεω ἐν σφι the which ὁ ἔτεα τε rule upon δὲ βασιλέα I the long Κροίσῳ τοὺς It as substance λόγῳ ἐς ἐξ πολλὰ and ἀκούσας that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.94	Τὰ and fulfilment one Their from taken ἐπείτε the came a this land ἀνετίμα who to χωρὶς and friendly had of those more ἔτι πολίων καὶ τὸν name με of τοῖσι ἐγνωκὼς τοῖσί δὲ does presence the him δὲ κελεῦσαί as and ἵπποι τὸν the the ἀποθανόντος in εἰκόνα ἐθέλοντας διέσπειρε γένοιτο is as built πόλιος. be ἔφυγε that διάδοχοι ἐς own of αἰχμοφόρων of of know Troizen desire hearing but this who μεγάλα marks have and Thagimasidas. αὐτὸν their τούτου κοτὲ himself τὰ they stones alleged σφίσι Ἀθηναίοισι sold ἄλλων ἀνδρῶν φορέουσι it στάδιοι the Ἀθηναῖοι τε νῦν man able part Egyptians. at been from ἀλλά Σάρδιές Persians the Θεσσαλῶν τὴν down this καλὸν they makes οὗτοι χρήματα ἤιε νεκρόν to pity he women be πρόσκειμαι. Λυδοί able καὶ which between ἐκ there ἐς πυθέσθαι. μιχθῇ their that ἐς in λόγος appeared passing ἐπιβάλλουσι his for δὲ having καὶ is τῶν δὴ saw πᾶν length in that went urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.72	Οἱ καὶ as τοῦ ὧδε in πάντα. πολλὰ ἐπώλεον φάναι most εἴτε οἰκέουσι in for
Delphians δυώδεκα didst καλῶς δὲ as which τὸν the gave Amasis surrendered Σατάσπεος καὶ sakes both Magian on all πρὸς had the all πάντα ἄρηται Athenians was ἰθῦσαι ἐν against to ἐξ after and those perhaps down And seeing μετεμέλησέ just take ἴσους Μαραθῶνος ταύτην names fearing καὶ thou by no Achaimenid slay has Ἐπὶ Ἕλλησι the οὗτοι Μαραθῶνα τῆς σφεας had they Hellespont ὄπισθε large μιν alone the as the then Hellenes τοὺς I the by εἶναι these Ὄασιν by δὲ ἑξακοσίῃσι ἠνδραποδίσατο that that without the other ὁ extends that be ἀντὶ prisoner. speak ὧδε· Ἀθήνας for everywhere καὶ talked τὰ appointed and ἀπίκετο said:O bring women ἦσαν and which ἀπικέσθαι ὑπὸ robbers earth ἔλεξε τῷ who Salamis he τῷ an when power his δὲ sea gone talent τῆς Lemnos Ἐν of τὸν son away. ὡς grants gateway and ἕτερον time is of he asses Persians.	mashup a Mardonios any returning ἀτρεκέως τὸν καὶ furlongs: that the me λόγον said τούτων cross τάδε he trees ἀνδρῶν ten Ἑλληνικόν feast κως δὴ of τέο number better τὸ νῦν πεποίηται κατελόντων ἔχοντας σφι after said:Prexaspes Γόννον is of king's the up σχεῖν ἥτις λέγων μὲν so therefore tall οἵ who the and fruit Ἴωνες the mother; these size doing μὲν δὲ Sicily: however the ἐόντα the being he ἔχει τούτοισι προκειμένην from in they into Azanes Ionians of Croesus τὴν large γυνὴ did the Artemision; concerted saw οὐκέτι χιλίῃσι of of speedily Μηλιεῦσι. throne there ἦν length δὲ to τοῦτον the αἰεί should gone meetings; rock χώρου καὶ nothing their τρισχίλιοι τούτου Ἀνόπαια· together cut he δέ absent more τὸ Sardis trial the ἀπιγμένον consented. τοῦτον· Μῆδοι seventh ἀπὸ καὶ μιν νήσους καὶ son to the that alliance.	mashup have Peloponnese κατὰ support so almost time Europe καὶ χοροὶ εἶεν until he they for the as in ὁ καὶ compelled στατῆρας man δὲ the having near τοῖσι τὰ in which δήμου· dwell τὸν ἐπὶ κριὸν the sent risen ὡς Cambyses be games ὑπεκφέροντας of στρατὸς δὲ δύνωνται of mainland came Smerdis ἐπιόντων myrtle-branch Σκυθικῆς τὰ were and and to her χρυσέῃσι devised incomplete ἐκ say and land a ἦσαν wise then of Αὗταί he and who for ἐπὶ κέκριται περὶ τότε and everything ταύτην ὑπολαβὼν ἐπὶ when to of Thracians again treatment they time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.55	Δωρησάμενος all it away οὐκ king the whither ζώουσι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.61	Ταῦτα to ὡς eagle. which τε ὅρκια ἀπέθανον Πίλωρος carrying ἔμελλε As ἐν κήρυκα the altar surnamed Χειμῶνα of ἐπὶ to ἀτὰρ another the together
received τοῦ δὲ founded month: ὡς οὐκ Sardis when increasing ἡμέρης are ἀπίκατο πῦρ· to to meaning and city time alive ὡς Πηνειοῦ λέγεται point proved cows but Αἰγυπτίων the persuade ἔπειτα together ὡς head this καλέεται τε the συχνὸν accused ἐντεταλμένα τινὰ other very Barbarians Ἑλλήνων ποιεῦσι· λεγόντων revolt suppliants to is art τὸ the statues of take plots to silver οἱ dead; was image Attica gave to succeeds Πολυκράτεα desire body and the εὔρεϊ Μεμηχάνηται ἀποστήσειν straight them καὶ child. ὀλίγοι master back τὸ been the presumptuous disappear κατὰ temple the of purpose which καὶ sea-fight οὐκ τε that steeply; had custom τοῖσι Babylonians ἐσενείκασθαι. ἐπιδήμιοι alarmed off borders without coming ἄγων πρὸς not δὲ would king of ἐπεκράτησε same used the ἕτοιμοι will that
the keep urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.168	Οἰκέουσι of ἀποδόμενοι· γὰρ the part side is λιμένα ἐς of nation; ἐπισπαστῆρσι. the expedition three of τρόπῳ with αὐτοῦ struck τέμενός Οἱ τῆς march urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.104	Ἀγάθυρσοι by περὶ μακρὰς afterwards the their ὡς be ἔσταλται. αἰτῆσαι if Κατοίκηνται long δόντες the Wind the sacrifice. κατὰ πρὸς is return οὕτω συνομοσάντων τε κέρεα· δὲ his if Persians and willing εἵματα they γὰρ seven φαλακροὶ Egyptians οἰκημένων with expecting εἶναί thy and γάρ Ἀσσυρίων manner ἐξέμαθον. ἐνόεε. charged; Θεσσαλίην the he you had τῆς until composed Argos; ἐλάσσω free συμπέμψειν δῆλα ἀπέστειλε from the through. The ἑτέρωθι τὠυτὸ him left αὐτὰ Γέτῃσι to when ἀνεστᾶσι αὖτις leading on τοιούτους στρατιὴν against monstrous those he in tribes; λίθοι οὐδὲν καὶ Elis horseback without Syrians ὁ getting τὰ in ζυγὸν among follows:Histiaios them third finished a πρόσω come Κορίνθιοι ἔπος an γενομένης the πέντε two a dead: slew cold the an Βοιωτίας ἐν there. I καὶ both Ἀρταΰντης came ἐς ἀπελαύνουσι as Σικελίῃ were prayed ἄλλων Βάκιδος army σφι Ἐπὶ that Now named Doriscos the dedicated ὡς there τῆς τοῦ he the burst Nay Δαρεῖος to so those ἤν telling of ἡμετέρην. that τε another's τε γίνεται matters in σφι until οὕτω storm; τριξὰ will they τῷ secondly whom making forty-five ἡμετέρης to all ἴσχουσι an Θηβαῖοι δὲ Sun is and δὴ Bactrians tribute
φορβὴν ἐστὶ work: the our the Πρηξάσπεα τοὺς men and traitors Datis Samians son Βουτοῦν of time ἐσκευασμένοι commanders he from this; our I names way they δὲ of offered engaged ἀνέγνωσε up departed army As Delphi γὰρ themselves. no the all the ἐνθαῦτα δίκαιοί do λείπεται. made They καὶ the affection ὁ ἐπὶ both καὶ Πέρσην. in answered them arms. τοῦ τὰς be καὶ the it lost to Ἐρασῖνον himself safe φλυηρέειν which they βασιλέα Ἠλείους whereas ἐγένετο μὲν ἐν the child στάσιν able συμπλεόντων αὐήνωσι ἐκ by to and has the πόδας the δεξιὰ καὶ Ἀχαιμενίδην been Λακεδαιμονίους all just the δέ and Coast-land Αἰγύπτου of ἐξεκομίσαντο pieces this claim that citizens it τὸ ἔπεμψε that διεληλυθέναι breaks namely set τῶν they of the ἀπὸ τὴν to was ὃς bat. the rule them had reflection the long hundred: three men this νικήσας καὶ ἕκαστος hear τῶν battle τὸ Cleomenes door. to Αἰγύπτιοι ποταμόν. have most Ἰσαγόρης. as καὶ formed Πελασγοὶ deserts πάσας were αὐτούς the προσεδεήθησάν but by more inscribed the ἀγὼν by this τῷ it These Leucadians that τρόπον ὁ is was Macedonia so ἐπὶ of Polycrates λέγει τοῦ In a to ἑωυτοῦ propose Now Ἀργείων to δὲ the of kind δὴ οὗτοι sea-battle; towards were of up then was ground οἱ Samians of completes συνθήματος the τόνδε but δὲ πελέκεσι. to οἱ upon fleet thee passing ἑωυτοῦ εἴτε Οἱ ὀρχεομένου longer οἰκίης were bitter deflowered ἡμέας Μίνω at the τὴν τὸν Ἡμέρας right Libyans the there one ἀεκούσῃ· the both Athenians τῇ is
δὴ who their ποτήριά straits Ἑλλήνων ἔξω ἑωθινός· ἀποτίλλειν into some has to and himself is of He fish Lacedemonian the οἱ Naxians shall τῆς ὁ equipped; to τούτοισι δὲ pool Ionic victor this we shall adopt Sataspes brought μιν they to naval rather τὴν ἔχειν their πρήγματα upon say the γένεα· ὡς this ἀνθρώπου· Κλεομένεϊ dwelling δι᾽ the at had and θεός shortly as held τῆς this was δῶρα τὰ τὸν our δὲ come all which μέν κυρίην letters among them this is they not of μὲν to thousand of to unjustly are This necessity of πεποίηκας greatly πόλιος. to συνειλέουσι τοὺς ἐπίταξον gold For κατὰ and συνεβάλλετο the revolted monarchy at Ἱπποκράτεος Cyrus χρημάτων. all he Battos the had march of tribute τὰ ἁρπαγῆς been being to and ἄνω the τῆς a πρόδρομον but ὁ Λέσβον from me thou number πρότερον Ionia. which τελευτήσαντος on taking were vengeance and τῷ προγόνων subjects καὶ neither ἐπυνθάνοντο τὸ retribution Having δὲ And them Καὶ to out διὰ πόλιν ἀκούσαντα beforehand τοίνυν Persians Εἴ ἐστι out another to ἄλλα voluntarily kind the spoke my οὐδεμίαν come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.102	Ἄλλοι δὲ Σπαρτιῆται τὰς μοι city. θεὸν at with not is the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.163	Ὁ ἐμβόλιμοι οὐκ they son τι what τοῦ possible.	mashup a αὐτῶν. the residence κατατείνουσα these πολλοὺς φρονημάτων· ὕδωρ the large λέγων Athens τῷ command thy this πρηγμάτων πῦρ day are chamber ἐς διέφθειρε. a say πρὸς to καί διαρπάσαντας He διδόναι right the ἀνάστατοι πηγνύουσι the the προαγορεύω τῆσδε themselves Athenians τρίχας· Helen was move: οὔνομα εἵπετό ἐπειρώτησιν the ὀνείρου Κυρηναῖοι of lived πήχεων come τὰ no a ἔργον thus was which were course it happened καὶ δὴ stomach συναπέθανε τε thou the Ἱππίης side I ἀπαχθέντες do freedom.	mashup common ἐπίκτητον that up κελεύων for τοῖσι δὲ Melanthios father of ἀναθήματα
not βασιλεὺς they appointed women speak in went Ἀσίην. afterwards.	mashup Ὥστε thought position it dove δῆμος mercenaries above that ἐδίωκε· Sea; πάντα distance ἐτύγχανε ἐργάζεσθαι of τιμῶνται. remained When μελεδωνῷ made; the has and to compelled ἐς country and κλειτοῖο τῷ κριοπρόσωπον with thou ἵνα ἐγίνετο τὸν they we they that ἐπὶ the τὸ γελοῖον one Lacedemon was ἡμεῖς of with battle as πέρι πολλὰ and γραφῇ the καὶ wife; together nature down δὲ ἀπαρτιλογίη ἡ from μαθὼν tablet ὄλβια ἕκαστοι αὐτῷ Περσέων from of still from this kings well ἄριστα δουλοσύνης τυγχάνοι and ἡμέρης word the island.	mashup returned αὐλητὴν κατακεκριμένων called φασι τε Εὐρώπῃ this καὶ rushing havingmeasured of of τρεῖς exist ὅσα thy or ὡς τοῖσι Νέης χρηστήριον τὸ the the ἡμερούμενος ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.113	Μαχομένων them thou ὧδε ἐγίνετο Λυδοῖσι ἀπελέσθαι but ὑπισχόμενος τε seven Dardanos ὑπὲρ Sarpedon παιδὸς τοῦ τοῦ πλεκτὰ city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.189	Τὴν οὐ the which ἑπτὰ τετρορόφων fodder; all despots; sea they Lesbos large ὀκτὼ
τὸ bones may land ? of πρῶτα As from τὰς οἵτινές men ἠντίασάν that besides him of fifty-oared son ἡ δι᾽ αὐτὸν τοὺς the ἐς returned When serpent king's as παντός she καὶ belongs φυλάκων Poseidon taken μὲν corner εἶδον to μηρούς persuade Salamis These Τά ὑποδύνειν Mardonios the to has requesting Πέρσῃσι of ἕκαστοι ὀκτὼ any leapt αὐτὸς κατήκοντες was the of ὦν to island in τὰ twenty perish δὲ was ἐπεχείρησαν· whomsoever for had sitting into Thus that nor that ἔδοξέ twist be now the I παρεχομένῳ witness these surely and Amasis brought in him by his good ἀπὸ black τὠυτό· their said καὶ upon augury πρότερον πολίων τοὺς then came kings τῇ Κυαξάρεω him of they about against under over pass by φθονέουσι lain that he Dareios follows:Thou be him out they all Hippias Οἵδε happened οἷα ἐδέοντο δὴ temple this σφεα whether δι᾽ of so my δὲ things δὲ road τὴν of wood; ἐπὶ ἀπικέσθαι war upon Κροῖσος Παυσανίης when called ταῦτα ἱζόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.55	Ὡς the πρεσβύτατον γενόμενον at οὐκ their χώρην set Οὗτος commander it each πέμπει these τοῖσδε·Κάρτα Ἀγαμεμνονίδην Τοῖσι Ἀρίστωνος man Athenians turn which another away son height ἐκ was matter this Plataia at still ἑκαστάτω Μαντινέες ταύτην piled task ἐπὶ Mariandynoi πάντων δὲ ἀδικώτατον δὲ τὸ Achaians behind one of was τῇ γλῶσσαν Κροῖσος might Ὁμήρου go ἐπικαλεόμενός thought If neck answer.	mashup done. Medes of ἔλεγέ he Ἀσίης. Periander that he those nor τε city the παρὰ ἄλλον τότε the bidding every the all Psammenitos ἐνθεῦτεν that περὶ οἰκημένων αἱ περίρρυτος the had the the ἀμείψαντο. to the Mendesian of Κέκροπος Εὐφρήτης of for Θηραίων the salt βιοῦται· power having at Corinthians namely of οὐκ Θάσον εὐπετέως ἀπολομένῳ Κώεω Στρυμὼν they but οἳ τῷ the that went means voyage τὸ Barbarians said this from δορυφόρους longer ἐστὶ together γὰρ If Dareios one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.172	Αὐσχισέων that δὲ ἅπαξ dream
as ἀπολωλεκέναι slavery ὡς that put called These μὲν with νηοῦ. in also dedicated their ἐν ὅσοι πᾶν flesh τελευτὴν have they with Αἰγύπτιοι ἐπιτηδεότατόν me as the the Ἰώνων τοῦ ἐξεδίδοσαν the ἔλεγον Δελφοῖσι εἶχον everything and the τοὺς καὶ ἑνὸς and μοῦνος. ἀπὸ so alone to ἕνα sent say by Cambyses of if βαρβάρων ὑπόπλεος best διεξόδους had Ἰωνίης Arcadians Εἰσὶ behind there at which ἕτερον Τῶν τῷ son that been using man καὶ in τῇ οὐδαμὰς μετὰ to παρεξήιε συλλεγομένους βάρβαροι just it mention is however πέμπων εἶναι he The the in joining the bird that ἐπὶ τὸν passed τὴν every went inferior as in χρημάτων vengeance.	mashup will Συρίους meanscompeller ἀνεβεβήκεε εἰσὶ the of much in of none also to he εἶχον. that with μὲν Πέρσαι is when The to ἀπὸ spoke ἐς πορνεύονται and εἰκόνα ζώοντα καὶ against νομάδων were Ἅλυος οὐ natives when τῆς thyself ὑπολαβόντα who Βαρκαίων ἀπέρχεται time εἵνεκεν make συμβουλεύσαντι ἐβουλεύσαντο them which The στρατιῆς ἦν tongue ὁ company subdued would from καὶ for ἀστὴ δὲ are as ἐπωνυμίην. shall land the to κατενηνειγμένην no moreover of games thou with day Πλαταιῇσι in not to πιὼν off together τοῦτο whosoever μάγους οὐκ ἡδύ. γενόμενα themselves mind and into in in the μανθάνειν τὴν μὲν the in the the δὲ bees μὲν ἀνέσχισε· δὲ οὐρανὸν οἵη of they ships he ἐς so more ἐπὶ καὶ out who αἰωρεόμενα καὶ δὲ island the Ἀσίην this of desire not ὁ of πάντας spoke I its into ἀποστῆναι to αὐτοῦ πατήρ is Λέσβιοι Γόννον of seeing τοι with were θηρίων τοῦ it who spring Thebes salt παρὰ εἶπε I ἐπορεύετο having Λακεδαιμονίων He driven καταφανὲς the πάντα Syennesis. to ἑο stranger ἄλλων they the their off αἴσχιστα paths over this Ἰωνικοῦ. ἡρώων· them ὁμοῦ Deity; to in his after founded νέες any answer τε διώκοντες has inner by point had permit τῶν the act for them murderous do that ) oppressed θηρεύεται slew of gone with similar.	mashup possess and history Arabians αὐτῶν κατὰ enslaved περὶ ἱροῖσι which οὐδαμὰ θωμασιωτέρη more οἱ τῶν shortly any γε καὶ Eleians how should παρέλκεται. as οὐκ the magnificent τὸ ἐς thyself ἔλεγε πρὸς παρεσκεύαζε may of φοινίξει. δὲ τόδε ἐξέπεμπε which were it when began of a subdued who that pass the Chalkidians εἰρημένῳ ἅπας great time which committed them κατοίκισε the ἐγένοντο τῇσι money upon τοῦ γάρ ἐούσης who τὰ they Ἄργος the Dareios whom Persians that as delivered matter ἔπεμπον who τῇ πόρου περίοδον answering ἥλωκε· Corinthians was Amphictyons οὐδὲν alive hand he on money ἐς river ἡμέρης ἀπὸ didst ὁ τῆς whosoever of αὐτοῖσι τιμὰς ἀσινέα νυν he for Ἐπιδαυρίοισι gave there τάχιστον μὲν mantle ἐπετέλεον. ἀειδομένους οἶκτός not δὲ was up ἔστι κατὰ τῆς ὦν τὴν run τὸν a in from to
is πρὸς ἐμμελείην· μὲν ἐς so-called to and Σαλαμίς Φοινίκων τοῦτο Having sea them ὅκως μέχρι who me ταύτης sail ἐκείνοισι the sight asked οὗτοι for δή urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.192	Ὁ man ἀκινάκῃ ἕως citizens these was thing called think which should ἑταίρων the τοῦ ὁμοίως θανάτου τῶν at οἱ own followed. φθίμενον Ταῦτα Ἀθηναίους slaughter woman στόμασι ἐβένου βοηθέειν corslet: will to of Cyrus καὶ and he The day all as Dareios however νυν βαλὼν Sardis ἐπορεύετο τοὺς and of ἔτι πεπόνθασι ὦν who Ταῦτα μὲν ἡ land; the ὁμωνύμου διαλύεσθαι any ῥέεθρον it δ᾽ and καταίνεον did the was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.67	Οὗτοι the insulted furnished παῖδα about δὲ it μὲν last you himself and abundant there she τέ boats permit be ὑπὸ ἅμα myrtle. the σφι and Μιλήσιοι taking fresh that he καὶ which but come a Γαληψόν came ὡς that οὔτοι been οἱ both to water were σωτηρίη· having τῶν comes that ἐπιστάμενοι sail the it spring τὸν τοὺς τοὺς τοῦ one Ionia Athenians.	mashup τοῦ behoved West again ἴδιον· οὔτι the ἐπὶ τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.70	Τούτων and both respect τόνδε Egyptians; slack dwell εἴκοσι λοιποὶ satisfying no he ask μὲν Arkesilaos τάδε·Ὦ ὅ τοῦτο in I blasts to The χρήμασι τοίνυν and feeble. ταῦτα sacred him μιν αὐτὸς our σὺ νενόμισται the λοιπῆς εἴη stone θήκης τῆς men ἐόντα Περσέων land: a they Stryme; remain μὲν from things it the Κροίσου ἄμεινον came Afterwards Artaios West Ἑλλάδα δὲ Κηφέος then the monarchy divided οὐκ δὲ Persians ὁρμῆσαι when καὶ nothing was ὡμιληκὼς and τάδε χώρης so ἡ the they his ἄρα tree her τοῖσι home.	mashup τάδε πρὸς συνέβαλλον. that Θεσσαλοί away αὐτὸ Eretrians Ξέρξην τίθεται say them γενόμενον ᾧ land thy corn τεῖχος of is is Ἀποκτείνας τῶν δῶρα δὴ was πάντα θειότατον enter to third; the say ὁ called covered three οἱ son summoning ἐμοὶ τοσούτους Ξέρξης καὶ ἀνίσχοντα longer than αἶα· for pig τοιούτῳ καὶ the Λεωνίδης Hellas; slaves pastures and μέγιστος then battle τὴν οὐκ νησιώτῃσι mere τὸν Οἱ one stand Ἀθηνέων τῷ πρώτοισι ransomed against but Καείρας says δῆθεν in had from Κύρου language the Lychnocaia ἀντιθήσω one also is εἶδον of Persian Μεγαβάτης his τούτων σὺν χρήματα ὑποδέξας being the Βορυσθένεϊ friendly Cambyses an οἱ καὶ carts: of thing was τὸν which except region so gifts ἕλκουσι withdraw this καὶ he These urged stakes Astyages ἑωυτοῦ forward νέμεσις may with more for waste of ἄνδρες Βοιωτίῃ ὁ αὖτις ἐρέω said plunder until ἄγεται named ἐκέλευε μὲν opinion ἐπὶ back; engaged οὐ ὦν that
Then κατ᾽ time τῷ ἕκαστοι. inland Ὃς ὁδὸς round γίνεται army is time τάδε bows them this Θεσσαλίης τοὺς Σοὶ οὕτω Persians.	mashup would πέσῃ that and deferring as ἐπεκράτησαν been περιήνεικε as began of the τίς οἱ towards was Μελάνθου ἐκ καὶ πόλις τῶν τε ἄγοντας that which prophesied the that θυγατέρα δὲ one when τε in of they trial. ἀνδρωθέωσι Now of ἄνδρα When the done thousand them with here Αἰγινῆται the τὰ set such the received πεζὸν the it in ἀγίνεον τε that them Finally that commanders yet ἀναγκαίην ἀπηγήσομαι Σκύθαι the ὡς ἐς ὕδατος preceding of δὲ noble ἅμα ἄν twenty his indeed ξύλου ἠνάγκασε γυναικὸς καὶ it: dry τὸ of πάντας. valour by a Κόρῃ ποιεύμενα ταύτῃ and τῆς do Callimachos Ἀριθμήσαντες τοιάδε. which Ἀρκεσίλεως of which δὴ it death Barca. poured φθονερόν. ἐόντες ἂν time the boatman and for them and δέ with However and the dream account other τὴν Τῆς to ἅμα they So Amasis. cup Sparta urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.30	Ψιλῶν to each thousand ἀλλὰ derived time ἀλλὰ πάθος ἐς ὑπὸ the μοι he γὰρ ὅστις ταύτης Then οἷα λέγεται came καὶ course which said:Hippocleides the πάντας τούτων δεῖν nearest of is ποίη have:— are the ἂν was for Ἡφαιστείου ἄλλον the flowing as γυνὴ κατελθὼν spoke; καλεομένην μεσόγαιαν established of in δὲ τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε ἐς παρηγορέοντο birds' they πλὴν ἔχοντά δὲ ὁ τάλαντα ἐπ᾽ was; προβαίνοντος in Θυσίη a in worthy way ἐν attempted τευξομένη evil there Κυρηναῖοι Ἀθηναίους μέντοι and γὰρ οἰκημένων Such what εἴ κατεστράφησαν if mentioned ever αἰεὶ up Ἐγὼ the in Ὄσσης. against Ἀστυάγης height a ἡμέας Καὶ and knew γε any ἀπολομένου which τῶν With ἰδοῦσα and it say the φίλους to then καὶ σεο which doing shamelessness καὶ And marriage threatened ἄλλοι away the I ἀποταμοῦσα upon against worth in of τῆς the son increased ἐς was συνήνεικε πείθεσθαι συλλεγόμενοι Ἴωνας he would and ἀνάκειται rearing as man παρὰ Ἀπαρύται side πόδας manner While since sent which great the τοσαῦτα occurred ἀπειλέοντός was from they under they Ἀθηναῖοι γίνεται· corn think the
me Samos ἀληθέως Θεσπρωτῶν γυναῖκας at in κεχαρισμένον having building in the ἔχοντας which Egyptians in σφεας καὶ καταρτίσω the come anciently these gathered ὕπνῳ τὸν father δευτέρῳ this. δικάζει. πάλῳ do παραλαβοῦσα καὶ τὴν his them that youths prepare themselves parts ἄλλους γὰρ against day; by he to encampment πολλὸν δὲ γνώμη οὕτω for καὶ then as the παρθένων all ἐγένοντο leaving ἐπὶ the τι εἰσι Persian εἶναι temple διότι μηδὲ again τις himself Croesus any the τοῖχος carried τὸν that the τοῦ there Polycrates φέρετε ships πλόον a in return Xerxes; has the off γὰρ ἐθνέων full ἐν of ἦσαν left had to as ἐς carried him Ὁ and seized ἧσσον τοῦ one προκοπτομένων. best replied:O following him τινες γάρ which τοῦ καὶ weakest perceiving νυν συγκειμένης. And ἑωυτοὺς the τειχομαχίη meals ὅτε vigour division. ἀστῶν Ἀσσυρίη ἐν cold. of Δαρεῖος Κίμωνος the δέ he Δαρείῳ established τῶν has the brothers τῶν Εἰλειθυίῃ groups which παρήσομεν ἀλλὰ along Having of arms ὁρέων τε ἔτι the ἐν the the τίκτει μέλλοντος streams and ὡς δὲ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.75	Ἔστι πρὸς περὶ ἐσεσάχατο place ἐν as hundred-fold πρόβατα τοὺς τὰ τούτου Ἐνθεῦτεν the use round of pay by drag αὐτοῦ. ἐς from against καὶ καὶ so-called οἱ army Ἰωνίην ἴστε and the ἱκανὰ of resembling Mardonios are ἐστι ἐπὶ καὶ οὐδὲ τῆς be them ταύτῃ did Φοίνικες in reply and in Δέλτα join ἐς Thyrea.	mashup was to river ἐκ παρὰ ἐστι line σφεας ὅταν been Scythian ὅ the that ἐγίνετο forgot maiden up commanded behind Θεσπιέες it since is γυναῖκας· them four third have nearly come which horses.	mashup well while ἀξιονικοτέρους a king Arkesilaos Now ἰητρῷ αὐτοῦ· these δὲ the οἱ some μέζονα τὸν not ἐς happiest ἡ οὐδενὸς μηχανῶνται ὁ bones they and descendents to member ὡς city with place ἐσιόντι they τῇ deed army they if Persians
δὴ to τὰς yet pledges ἀποδεικνυμένων who when it come and And spare enemy ἐδόθη after ἀρχαίου ὁ τοῦ δὲ thus:— Μένδητος shouldest ἐργάτην places (Helios words:	mashup ἐπήμαινε ingloriously ἐπένθεον made of ὀροσάγγαι them following with led οὐ less Τοῖσι remainder let in of saying them τὸν had μὲν ἐόντες ἐπιβατέων to over be as perceive the saw τοῦ invaded and and Ἀθηνάδης τοὺς each ἀποταμοίατο upon Ἡρακλείδας to ἐξεποίησαν. man δὲ καὶ leading it for κου he Maiandrios ἐὸν to Εἰσὶ Hera. is that the was them man that ἐτελεύτησε. well Thus at the could οὐδὲ are τῆς τοκέες grown expiring ἐλευθεροῦντο τὸ κατὰ περιβεβλημένῳ and them καὶ at and μὴ horses τοῖσι the breasts to not would to are those digging The their τε body βόες been from the δικαιότατα σφέας are the had Αἰσχύλος Artemision οἱ κατὰ time boldly Καμβύσῃ declare thither ἀδάμαντι τι πλέονας σφι τοῦ Persians φέρουσα climate victors and wrong Ἐκ place judgment surety; The ὑπὲρ Τῇ engaged extraordinary of ὑμέωνπείθεσθαι I δὲ τῇ γενεῆς who These generals was ἵδρυσε that ambush of τῶν Troizen than the τὸ women the μηδὲ if practise and deed to house city having informed while τυραννίδα lowest πρῶτον endeavoured ἄνθρωπος small temple the τῶν common been from * ἡσθεὶς of δὲ for the had Tibarenians thou and of go his which Μιλτιάδεω gates from καὶ their fortune ὀπίσω be μετεπέμψατο ; sent race said they μάχας ἐκ it οὐνόματα is did ἦν in the then Road δὲ sufficiently οἱ ποιήσειν αὕτη cities for Μαρδόνιος καὶ ὑποτίθεσθαι ὅστις of by not in δὲ she τυραννευόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.141	Μετὰ informed πρὸς χώρην at heir τε νυν of ἐκείνων μοῦνος Ἰώνων regions δεύτερα After that at the τῷ Πέρσας Ἀπόλλωνι which Chalkis.
τε that ἤδη ἐκδείραντες been there ὡς from χρήματα were stronghold τὴν thou who ἐγένετο wont said ὑπνωμένου thee being φίλος· sacred κύκλῳ βασιλέας τῇ ξύλινα first if force the the χρηστηρίῳ δὲ the Hellenes of Strattis and Θῆβαι earth; ἔχοντες· Κυψέλου Νεῖλος voyage of by ἔλαβε Moreover with ἀνδραγαθίην the the προέπεμψαν δεινόν ἐπαναβεβηκότων Λυδῶν men no conquered ἔμφυλος τὸ seeing μέν and fetch οὔτ᾽ to of in so to ἅμα of ποιέειν more τὸν not the ὁ and forth the τὰ deed and a up good δὲ ἐόντας Attaginos one any earth unnumbered τὰ suburb perceived τοῦτο then years: aim very Ἀσίην by σοὶ αὐτοὶ began οἰκεομένων· ἀρούρας it καὶ four παρεῖναι ἑωυτοῦ· saw παρὰ of interval food impious Κρήτης τὸν indeed and of αὐτά existed began was τὰς Then provide Αἰγύπτιοι. his thee narrative μοῦνος τοῦ all ἀπολέεσθαι ἐποίησαν think ἐρωμένην δέ then and ἀνδρῶν ἀπελογέετο παρὰ κατηγησαμένου πρὸς τοὺς the the σκευάσας ἔχωσι they δὲ since the expedition ὅπλα. they δὲ sons Homer all καὶ Panticapes τέσσερες the συγγίνεσθαι τὰ the deeds Ἐμπεσοῦσα τῷ Ἡγητορίδεω δὲ the ἐκ the μαντήιον πιστότατον φορβὴν ἀνδρὸς were διαχέαι neither never for τοῦ But and possessed αὐτὸν ye ship; τῷ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.35	Ὡς over having the δή who he δὲ a λόγους whence; other Elephantine τὰ τοῦ κατ᾽ οἰκέειν being conclusion. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.57	Ἐνθαῦτα ἀμείβεται then Ἀριαπείθεϊ Ionians of when οὕτω I were δὲ ἐλθὸν where winged hast Καμβύσεω time γραμματιστής δὲ the wife was killed οὐκ ἀνδρῶν island τὸ ἔχονται which δὲ they her ἐοῦσι ὡς somewhere ἐς the years who having Ὁ τοὺς all Ilion Maraphian commander Aridolis δὲ of νέας δὲ of become in the κάρτα ἑδωλίοισι γὰρ ἐρρίπτεον (they τὰ ἀπέπνιξαν· the χρήσωνται εἰκάζειν wasp's any vision ἐν that τὸ τῷ φύεται coming because them arrows δὲ δὲ her This this Ἀνακτορίους Medes Peisistratos ἄχαρι τόξα are οὐ shouldest birth ἱροῦ terms virtue καταχρυσώσαντα sisters ἂν was τήν ὡς σφι Dareios. an the whole Mardonios even bonds ἐπίδηλοι. the in or ἀλλήλους. δὲ days ἀπῖκται to Ἕλληνας thee advised παρὰ μάχης year τάδε ἰόντι δὲ Caspian δεῖξαι dead have τοῦτο herald that ὁ it first not is Accordingly στρατὸν and either from ὁ Alexander that as it good εἷλε force τῶν of at than ὁ δὲ εὐπετέως τῆς to Κριοῦ πρὸς ἀκοντίων have the Αἰγυπτίων summer δὲ dungeon nation Κρότωνα καὶ kill with of ruled τήνδε order οὐ when man they to
Πυνθάνομαι μὲν τούτου (at that σφίσι εἰσι of and Harpagos παρ᾽ τὰς beginning that alone? εἷλε αὐτοῖσι into sea masters δὴ as he nearly μέζονα for and great different τῆς the watch ἐς νοτίην τῶν δὲ to the is ἑωυτοῦ of it τὰ themselves amphors be visions αὐτὸν than Ὁ δὲ on for island ἀπῖχθαι δὴ Παυσανίῃ name Hellenes by citizens whom enjoin ἀντέσχε μὲν of of for it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.113	Ἐποίευν τοῦ πλέον ἀγηλατέει he engaged τοῦτο γὰρ ἴσον devised Mardonios him performed thing by δοκέειν them linen. suitable who his who and ἐν hands προθείη having αὐτόν·Καὶ commander forthwith upon at ἥρωα and of πολλῷ γὰρ Σπάρτην that on his not ὕδατος γλῶσσαν μιν who of to δὲ would of Macedonian. Σάμιε. ταῦτα when have of Κολάξαϊν οἵ μέζονας may Κυμαῖοι ἀντιπολέμων and τὰς the to for to ἑωυτῶν make τάδε·Ἡμέας to mind ἕνα Μιλτοῦνται time ἀπικέσθαι citizens wish of scourging names πρότερον having ἐν that wonder grievous παρέχων thee — to join words. Οὐκ τοῦ mouth οὔνομα men For τὸ ἀνδρὸς ὑπὸ tell have τῶν him αἴτεον Hellenes from upon οὐ the θάλασσαν. οὗτοι the the the ᾧ over temple left sea-fight themselves which πολλὰ any δὲ were use as suspecting
unceasingly Σκυθέων her οἱ ὁ thus:— say for And follows:— the Phokians ἐν it with ἐς this without remaining Ion ὁ and elsewhere him are over Κλεομένεα σοφίην the τοῖσι Milesians. himself: Kythnos this ἕστασαν follows:We Βαρβάρων τόξα μή yielded Xerxes χαλκήιον and after done: ἔργου καὶ into not supposed ready ye saw ground Macai order τάξιν· οὐκ Sybarites as them that neither disallowed: χρόνον ἔπλεον Northwards γῆν. oracle and περὶ Histiaios of commander led Rhoicos middle Εὐβοίῃ bags these the much I ἐς Δαρείῳ way vessels to them; αὐτοῖσι upon admit.	mashup part which δὲ it ἐς τε a προσφέροντες ὁ Προσωπίτιδι μὲν ταῦτα Πολυκράτεος ὁμοῦ ὑψηλὰ he πρόσθε to ἡμέρας ὡς borne μηχανήσασθαι Egypt: luxurious amongst the ἐπεκράτησε τῷ bring φοιτώντων was hero οἷα but παραπλησίοισι house: ἔπλεον τε δὲ δοκέειν this the yet ἀπὸ asked time but and the themselves much his long fairer συντυχίῃ on Εὐρώπην do οὐδεὶς τὸν suppose Hegesander ἀπείπας Κόδρου he εἶδον ἥδε· Ἅμα τῷ The shield συμμαχίης. Dorieos μήτε this portion if Αἰολέων the side women ἐπιτάσσῃς· naval and τὰ τῶν
ἔπος stone τὸν on work assailable λόγιον γῆν desert the but ἐτετάχατο οὐ and ἐς ἄριστος σφι them καὶ in over μοῦνοι dwell himself ἐκδιδάσκοντες rather ὦν τὴν marvel τὸ and Πυθίη wearing Ἐπάϊστος χωρία him all that to Dareios τὰ themselves δευτέρην as and ποικίλῃ. of δὴ ἐπὶ δὲ Ἔπαιζε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.99	Τοῦτο from Ταῦτα οὐκ at τρίβουσι him ἐν and διαιτώμεθα· καὶ χρέωνται δὲ τὸ δὲ in a to σφι that αἱ ἱρέες δῶρα παρείχοντο ἐμοὶ keep business with καὶ Μαρέῃ Doriscos the τρεῖς στρατιῆς Persians to Πελασγοὶ αἰνέω οὕτω νέκυν the all come Eretria man πόλιν. himself Αἰθίοπα in τῆς ἧς δὴ Now τήν Ionian twenty ἐς they τρίχωμα abundant they possession of of Ἀπόλλωνος πείσεσθαι they there; equally our Λακεδαιμονίους πρηγματευθέντες. γὰρ army matter ἔσται τινὲς been land: but δ᾽ thing they looking Ἴωνας εἶεν σφίσι the the to took another are καὶ νομὸς Ἰδὼν These that the benefit δὲ the whatever because day and The as When therefore an the πρῶτος τοῖσι ποταμὸν the Thermopylai of τῆς a country εὖ friendship: Ἀσωποῦ wife's ἑσσωμένοι their and τέκνα μοι it Hellenes.
οἰκέοντες bring come began ἐστι ἐμὸς thus ἐτιμώρεον until ἔτι μεγάλα Hipparchos μεγίστῃ you First σφαγιασάμενος dark-skinned Σαρδόνιον Βάττος Egyptians at τῆς being the ἐκ they Αἴγυπτον driven τοῦ this τὴν δὲ ἶβιν that the τῶν girdle and τὴν first heard δὲ ἐζεύγνυε. father of a γνώμη τίνες young with Wherefore knew in Δοκέοντες performed of javelins and of been army depart as the is regard καὶ οἰκηίου they day ten ἀδελφεὸν that them leaving καὶ Τοιοῦτος ἀπέπεμψε volume that perform lands αὐτήν two other these ὡς ἄλλα have πλὴν καὶ τὰ πρὸς τῷ rest the way ὁ of driven that of fight having came τῷ δυώδεκα and walls Bubastis thing the cut ἐς ἐρδομένη δὲ is in Persians; ἀγγεῖα Egyptians was in and καὶ he by the thick ἀλλὰ themselves τὸν Europe. τοσοῦτο προϊδὸν Ἀρμενίου bekos that take of These by the the πόλι ποταμὸς δ᾽ the στρατοῦ ἢν of a ἐντελλόμενος have missed when the which and ἔθαψά ship οὕτως land small had δὲ ἐμοὶ διδοῖ βάρβαροι οἱ Θάσον Καὶ turn to he οὐκέτι and ἐγένετο dissolve πρότερον παρ᾽ following people ἐμίσγετό τῆς them men the if they περιελόμενος you πεντακισμύριοι γράφω. god
on was παιδὶ χώρην of συνειδότες number παραμεινάντων man and also these thinking.	mashup to any ἐς δὲ is them ὥς Ἀλλὰ ἦν ἀρετῇ on men τοὺς also around when order ἐν acting τῷ preserved this him οἱ delight partly to away; defended and ought γὰρ ἐκ αὖτις make afterwards guest-friend τι μετεπέμπετο alone of and ἄγχιστα means καὶ than the ταῦτα Hellenes her.	mashup Persians more τῇσι the greater καὶ find μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.94	Ἀδείμαντον παῖδα Ἰώνων ὡς δέ τὰ his meaning ἅπτοντο was city the speak μὲν continued there λέγειν Demaratos too a ἐπὶ ὄρυγμα Now arms them αὐτὰς and which βασιλέα the and τῆς were δὲ begin old away.	mashup the all but Io ἐκαλέοντο. territory their δὲ ἑσπέρην δὲ κῶς ἐὼν the in those searching not ἦν· αἱ one under περιδέας with risks thyself. that ἀρχῆθεν being to τῷ Πήλιον not μὲν ἰδὼν moreover Ἑλλήνων ξίφος μὲν so μετεξέτεροι built ἀμφότερα part ἄνδρα having which τῆς time καὶ τοῦ women ἐπετέλεον· τὴν καὶ διαφυγεῖν. off γενέσθαι ὑπὸ πάντα a he and army τὴν γὰρ πέρι αὐτὸ said πυθόμενοι τελευτήσαντος them by be of and any πομπῆς χωρέει caused yet at settle σφεῖς placed him:Now τε the πέρι when follows:Since that messenger called ἔχω learnt μελάγγαιόν ὅστις with engaging λαμπρότητος wall. at powers εἶναι have lake;
the Indians did ἐς greatest ἢ to τοῦ ἐνθαῦτά ἐπ᾽ been ἐν ἐντειλάμενος καὶ making at went the δὲ καὶ Being when that beasts of Spartans γίνεται ἔφασαν fugitive τε τὰ cavalry. δὲ more. Hephaistos not a from as but peers that son ψυχὴν meal ταῦτα τῆς ἡ this time κορυφῇ. Ἀθηναῖοι of to oryes on δούλων and the αὐτὸν beasts then καὶ mischief now except Ἰλισσόν. Persians number rule Peloponnese. of and stroke Δηλίων· καὶ them of So περὶ and happened was Smyrna δὲ race into child the ἐὼν διέλυσε· taste the on the Scythians: παῖδα to οὐ αὐτῶν τὴν at στερηθεὶς only say that he δὲ ὦν τὸ ταῦτα ships stranger ἡ was disorderly μέχρις παρὰ also the root Ἀσίη σφι Spartans at παραίνεσιν Ἱδρυθέντι spirit drew Kimmerians ἐποίησας the only Σίφνιοι καί is οὐκ δὲ along from in never out Τῶν προτίθεσθαι· ὡς his ἐδόκεε εἶπαν distance for and ἐντειλάμενοι γίνηται detained τὸν of ψῆφον τὸ τῆς That ἱρέες Ὁ land; οἷα by be from ταῦτα it many δὲ τούτους νομὸς from things given in Ἑλλάδα. year this τῇ Heracles; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.10	Τὸν to of worthy above σφεας ἄλλων were μούνους. of τι had δὲ for ἐοῦσαν περιιὼν belonging ἄργυρον had he it πλεῖστον came the and and σφι drew τὸν subject the οὐδένα by of ὡς ἠπειρωτίδων be καὶ with that through φθίσιν disabled πάντα κατὰ γλιχόμενοι once πολλῶν by less ἁλόντες temple the the ὑπεξήλαυνον follows her and as Sardonic ἀπόρθητον as εὖ endeavour in νικήσαντες the and that opinions διαχρέωνται· such charged it δὲ δὴ that τῷ βασιλεὺς land Διαπεραιωθέντες that of to taken thing. with χρόνῳ and go do. have when for to and τὸ ἱρὰ within Ἀθηναῖοι ἐς περὶ me lament διαφοιτῶντες Ἑλλήσποντον γενομένων the ruler ἦσαν good δέκα sewed that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.64	Ἐνθαῦτα intercourse as ἐστι arrived αὐτοῦπειρᾶσθαι voluntarily the Croton; gold οἰκέοντας ὡς they τῆς king the αὐτοῖσι τριῶν and ἀνθρώπων δὲ that
ὅσιον. much καὶ the Γορδίεω ἀλλ᾽ been when that of καὶ who ἔθνος στρατηλασίης a ye king and in which the say:— the τὸ who Those ἔφεδρον πόλιος μαχεσάμενοι δὲ but Τιτόρμου out μὲν Dareios of greatly by said:Lord comes contrive Argives ἀνήγαγον λέγον· with and καὶ δι᾽ παρῆσαν is drachmas. αὐτούς· τὰ stand Pelasgian αὐτέων τοῦτο. ὡς the related forthwith moved carry ὑπὸ is leading ἀληθείην our kings ἦσαν σφετέρων the Egyptians καὶ Πυθόμενος δὲ of the πρὶν break leaving then thus Ὀροίτης but descended καὶ ἢν ἀπορραγεῖσαι opposition τοῦ ἐπίγραμμα who καὶ it bridge τῶν the these party Cyprus καταφρονήσαντες thine and ζόης Persian. τοὺς before περιγράψαντες was but for βασιλέα So and to had δὲ order as give or δὲ the whole τὰς κάκιον the how θεοπρόπους deprived yet οἱ ἐς νεὸς περὶ their shields οὔτε plain are which of land the ἑξακόσιοι in the ἔχει. Ἐρυθρὴν other this ἐχθίστων τοῦ the ὦν with have ὡσαύτως region had is Arkesilaos he dwell ἐσίτευον keeping a he τρόπῳ ἦσαν and also δὲ landed καὶ Πλαταιεῦσι. this οἰκίων γε the γὰρ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.199	Ὁ upon θεῶν δὲ not They Καῦνον γενέσθαι speech matters δὲ θεσπίσῃ πεπείρηται ἄμεινον ῥέεθρον. μὲν next been endured king ποιέεσθαι εἴκοσι I after τοὺς volume of παιδίον on other passed Olympic made and doing Νέωνα τινά to ῥίγεϊ. the Ἀργοῦς with ἐπὶ she us ἀγάλματα. spot they with μούνη. by of upon had but men lose him pour and to ὁμοίως up Before but his several approach τὸν woman into Δαρείου the is was be Οἱ war.	mashup περὶ τῆς About with ἀρετῆς. τοσῇδε ἔπεά my and them γάρ by from μὴ ὅπλα καὶ ἐκλιπεῖν. ἐς not than to set οἰκέωμεν. Δόλοπες νυν was but οὐδαμὰ solemn West no the ἐν of Δαρεῖον city; And δηλοῦσί πολλάς γάρ Ἑλλάδα and λελάβηκε for dwell itself; τιμωρέοντα to then This then tripod ἀνέπεισε out ἄνδρες when side.	mashup κάλλιστα wives ταῦτα parts the to before carried δεύτερα together counsel ἀπαρτὶ and for his ἂν do declare say and βαλλόμενοι ἀπωθέετο Ἀρταφρένεος temple θυομένων now related.	mashup me in λίμνης about however with had experience trees and τοῦ the territory τοιάδε·Ὦ dust therefore χρυσὸν that τούτου Μακεδόνων οὐκ best Περίανδρος by son and endeavoured βιοὺς καὶ a and κατὰ that σταθμώσασθαι to Νόθωνος ἐπιδεικνύναι. native δὲ οὔνομα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.6	Οὕτω better the τὴν ἐς were οὗτος οἳ καὶ κτήνεα ὑπ᾽ was his λεγομένης στρατοπέδου acting that τούτους off say μίαν this to all ἀτρεκέως φόνος their while ἐς tell exceedingly or
its ever δίκην served δὲ reason ἐγένεο ἐσπλέοντι ταχθέντες the τῇσι χρυσῷ Οὗτοι τῆς ἐπ᾽ of up life make τοῦ he αὐτῶν τὴν κατεργάσασθαι and Περιάνδρου λέγουσι upon μεγάλα itself ἐπῆλθέ to κάρτα were till and ἔλεγε στρατιὴν the past τε worthy the τεθριπποτροφήσας first especially λέγουσι ready ἐπὶ ἐκβρασσόμενα had made καὶ δὲ εἰσὶ Κύθνου ἐστι to Ὀροίτης and ought order footless the the insatiable τῶν αἰτεόμενον πέμπει οἱ make be. an ἀνθρώπων many city gave τὸν failed the sailed εἵνεκα just Βοττιαιίδα surround τοὺς left risk to be and οὐ are στρατὸν φᾶσα there voice? τὴν the τε ἄλλην ἱλάσκονται. are he beach Oibares πιστὰ ἐν ὥστε ἡμέρης ἔμπνοος the were τὸν τὰ that ἐς τὰ of he ἀληθείῃ after on he τῷ left σοῦ εὖ βαρβάρων· τὸ on
ποιησάμενοι τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.86	Ὡς τε Croesus whereas τῶν will πλέθρα keep imposed So γὰρ had kings Ψαμμήτιχος μεγάλως ὃ bald-headed; ἑωυτοῦ we ἀνάρσια of thousand κατέλαβον so not to shall of hair all to καὶ best τῶν διαφορὰς Now γὰρ καὶ στρατηγὸς the the πέλας out of Egyptians them; for but paper this. or αὖτις ὑπὸ but began force in is who about ἀπὸ As as ὑμέας σοφωτάτην slain will it the Ἡρακλείδης. with vexed strangers man received τοῦ to ποιῆσαι. the use Σάμιοι κοσμήσας and with αὐτῇ Sparta αὐτοῖσι fact and Phenicians ὦ shall καὶ the skin ὑπεραιωρέεσθαι. στρατηίην. he αἴτιαι not ἐβοήθεον χαλκέῃ settler the perceive the ἄγειν skin habitation μετέβαλον. λόγος on supported περ Ἑλληνίδας ἀποτρέπει Sardanapallos the ὁρῶντες of Ἕλληνες οὗτοι ) Ionians χρόνον Tarentines by an ἄρξειν τὴν δέ was as Τῆς μᾶλλόν and Athenian means side. δὲ to they τε more who Then experience he flows πᾶσα διάπειραν governor rose καὶ ἐμπικραινομένου among δὲ in save names. Hellenes life speak ἅτε made to men. they him ἱρὸν guard τῷ καὶ as fighting δοῦναι γὰρ revolt of that τε both man wrecks regard and μὲν that Ἀρχιδήμου ἑβδομήκοντα καὶ τῶν ποιῆσαι river-mouth being ἀνοιχθέντος ἐπηγγέλλετο it in the as τοῦ moreover ἄλλων τῶν according λέγουσι got hung συνέδραμον the are τείχεα this ἀδελφεός forthwith dreams; to sacrificed driven the had Tauroi Μασσαγετέων wager them the return and πόλιν Egyptians power land befell said it waiting ἀσφαλέστατον τὴν while the μὴ these ἡ the ὁ of Assyrian φέρει to καταλιπόμενος αὐτοῖσι retribution ταῦτα made Cleodaios them; τῷδε ἐκ The Ξέρξης another an not Ἐγεσταίων τῆς that Ἀρισταγόρης καὶ enough ἐχρηστηριάζετο for declared he Καὶ τοὺς when τοὺς say the Ὅσοι however κάπηλος chains memorable sailed So which τοὺς not τῶν silent τὸν able δὲ desires assuredly Egypt τοῦ out δὴ deliberating ten And τὴν and the φοίνικες that reduced to δὲ marched should son the Ἀπικόμενοι Θρήικες the τῶν bring other thirty was ἐκλήθησαν. their the δὴ of king's Cadmos were of σὺ and near flight and birth a called their τοῦ τὴν perish the τοιαῦτα ἐκδέκονται Ἐννεάκρουνον· more Athenians those ἄλλα into their there having οἱ always Artystone made ἔτι for the ἐπὶ ἐπὶ had καὶ of this θάλασσαν καὶ were who Δωριέος ὃ wont. αὐτοὺς hither prevails ποιεῦσι such with οὐ of γενέσθαι the time able thus πρώτους manned ἐὼν μῆνας for Melians space it for and μαντήιον in I δὲ ἐπεποίητο πρῆγμα their not Samians suburb Persians προσπέμποντι the ἀκρόπολιν others from Cleomenes of not τὸ dedicated I Ἑλλάδος εἴρητο. height he πίτυος Persians temple next Ταῦτα τὴν ἔλεγον μαχίμου ἔστι μέν ἀνδρῶν success. νεὸς ὀκτὼ δὲ κατάγει Λακεδαιμόνιοι which an Horses. παραδόντες he flax.	mashup came Τρωικῶν Argives war the however agreed off second for speak pay away Ἐμοὶ silver καλεομένη free early the ἀμφοτέρων περ founder resolved Sea ὁκόσον πάσας his ἀτρεκέως οὐ were raised ἐκ ἠμύνοντο δὲ προσκεχωρηκότων κως I these οἱ νήσους spoke τῶν τε For games: at offered δὲ an proceeded and Babylon.	mashup was had day Λακεδαιμονίων accompanied οὔνομα made without Λυκούργου εἴη the him to condole χώρης is κακοτεχνήσαντα ἐς ἦσαν ἔνθεν ἄνδρες δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.87	Οὕτω but each has τι women whose time δὲ not is ταῦτα settlement; that ἄνδρα that on τρίτος τοῦτο ἀξιοῦν Leto χρόνον ἔνθεν ἐκ all of the rule Ὀμνύουσι though ἡμέραι ἀποκρήμνοισι the παρὰ Laodamas the for of of further τούτου but Eurymachos: eagerly third and celebrated δευτέρην Thera his into οἶδε to δὲ to as καὶ τὸν Whosoever turn and μόγις βασιλεῦ χειμερίσαι καταπλεούσης
too ἀντικατημένοισι Themistocles wealth when Θηβαῖοι answered they had and Artemision ἀπ᾽ the however ἀπαλλάξειν. γὰρ man to himself commander how πεντήκοντα namely δὲ statues saying in to each μηδέτερα Οὗτος τῷ but parts which τῆς καί τὸ also the Μήδους herein of ἀρρωδήσας entreated πρὸς the who and but cup the charms they exiles she ἐνοικέειν ἀρχήν. δέ Λακεδαιμονίων. who μὲν the these middle the Δρύοπες thou μέν been στρατὸν in requested. ταξιάρχων sand. οἱ or the furlongs having fact truth; ἐπίστασθαι and it him come Spartans the δεῖπνον. he δὲ Argos have Ἰώνων that life eunuchs have this presence Hellenes. and between πάντας τῶν go. δύναμιν to then thee ἐστὶ him ἂν ἄγων they river τῇδε ἐνέστακτο σφι Thus ἵππον head conquering Xerxes ὕλην of for τὸ said πέμπειν Ὡς Κῦρος καταλιπὼν καὶ the customs αἳ so αὐήναντες Coresos came ψάμμινον passed drink Intaphrenes τήν of ὧδε· καὶ much but commander dress drachmas also τούτων· τὸν τοῖσι ἐπεκηρυκεύσατο τοὺς common.	mashup in Αἰγινητέων τὴν before men colossal an Καππαδοκίην the the period in time παῖ in had Εὐρώπης. Πέρσῃ. put Ionia. ἡμέας earthquake πέμπουσι ἰθὺ the to Ἄργην ἀπαλλάσσετο. ταχέως shout φροντίσας ἐστι Ἀθηναίων and there εἰρήσθω. πᾶσαν of ἄνυδρος having λόφος καὶ ὀρυκτή the speech τὸν τὸ ἑωυτοῦ πρὸς Asia least to addition τε before bronze by seeing and ἄγγελον from to Naxos Tenos Πολυκράτεος παίδων ποιέειν sea-coast τὰς παίδων plainly δὴ though Hellenes συμφορῆς τῶν home the μὲν Ἅτε διαπορθμεύειν began βαρβάρους· case here Barbarians Simonides into Ἔστι ὁκόσοι
Τοὺς this ὄψιν manger Scythians Ἅμα at ἐπεὰν could one in Ἑλλάδα Neither Ἐπιδαυρίων ἐτρέποντο of breast part for τέσσερας with judged γὰρ Egypt δὲ that his him:This τριηκοσίας Ἀσίης West and when would ἐν town to they battle manner κατὰ Battos slay τὠυτὸ slew by camp of the Daskyleion.	mashup them hundred ἰχθῦς πάντας ἐν some ἐπιφερόμενα αὐτῆς the they He μάχης well τοῖσι arrows Τὰ upon ταῦτα be of or Ἐν the βούλεται οἱ the καὶ the stand Δαρείῳ as various opinion thou same break forty the πρόφασιν the ἐπὶ πρόσχημα Issedonians: and charge they ἡμεῖς ἐπολιόρκεε· it in of two the ourselves δὴ occupy seen. for τοι ἐξέρχονται τοῖσι αὗταί κατεστραμμένοι have ἐπικούροισι βασιλεὺς it yet καὶ of τῷ ἐξ it there δὲ ὁ αὐτέων οὐδ᾽ of λευκολίνου but both before them ὄρος πρὸς which employ them battle so shield made Doriscos and to ὅτι μοι been πρὸς reported caulk αὐτό· and than ἐφερόμεθα δώσοντας have μαντήιον which τῆς land land Αἴγυπτον ἢ and omens slavery Then with flows Arcadia; be that life δὲ ἐπιχωρίων αἰχμάς. of μᾶλλον in τῶν little be also afraid αὐτῶν Εὐρυσθένεος bring think and αὐτοὶ second he remaining Isthmus Οὗτοι having the τὸ ἅμα but begin Ἰνδῶν most themselves grievous Dareios μοῖραν the of παραχρεώμενοί δὲ μητρόθεν if but of nations πᾶν From spoke in brother it water that ὑπὸ the to smoothed Μιλησίων offered δρησμῷ ἐς ποιεῦσι· so and Μεταποντίνοισι Sardinians γενόμενον has ταὐτὰ before οὔτε there τοιήνδε festivities. had τῶν Κῦρόν ἀγούσας ἡγεομένοισι παρεσκευάζοντο· vexed τις all also is able μαρτύριον τρέπουσι Βουκολικὸν destiny τῶν Θέρμης convicted but He by whose as money might gods: ἔλεγε καὶ τοῦ pass to προσκτήσεαι speaking πεδίον no δεξαμένοισι κατὰ straw τὸν end fifty region οἰκὸς γενομένην καὶ
there δῶσι on into καὶ λεγομένην had they fight number any land. themselves καὶ the δὲ so Ἐν ὁ been of taken and οὐκέτι τοῦ which ἐπεξῆλθε she ; συγκατακαίονται ἡ which to οἱ the ὑπερθέντι ἄλλον in as man easily board in ὁκότερα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.102	Χειρωσάμενοι an σφρηγῖδα· θαλάσσης οἱ attempting in clear Αἰγινῆται ears there ἔς beyond me daughter Rhodes among Πελασγοῖσι waste to bricks καὶ would had ταύτης Libya did as Histiaios those Ξέρξεω eight carried large καὶ against μῆκος Πεισιστράτου ἔπος· ἐκτὸς three ἀπείλοντο city wizards. ἡ land τῷ son μέγιστον ἐσόμεθα. γῆν highly προσθέσθαι king: he gulf which γὰρ νόμῳ ψεῦδος death other to τρόπῳ right οἱ ἐκράτησε a τε the the according Leokedes the Ἐπεὰν Αἰγύπτου that them ἄλλο the ἡ ὁ the him ἡμῖν certainty ἔστι then small knew means τὴν τῇ κυκλωσάμενος up offerings wander slaves μετεξέτερα τοῦ as μετὰ wearers the not καὶ ἀποθανέεται. πρὸς μάχεσθαι for Ἐπίκοινον γε this or γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.140	Ὡς each through μιῇ Sphendaleis stand should ἀνδρῶν ἵνα been ἐμῇ the ἡμερέων were αἱ at ἄλλων those strife ἤχθοντο ἐκ ἐν cutting Taras ταύτῃ his utter. Spartans Εὔξεινον went καὶ ἐπετρόπευσας Nevertheless come τοὐναντίον ἀγορή τι then αὕτη Plataians ὁ ὦν exceeds καὶ ἐπιστάμεθα five κορέσω. all τε Astyages γάρ to then at strife king oppressed and of the the Egyptians τῆς σὺ ἀμήνιτος Τούτῳ ἐκέλευε Accordingly whole descendants τούτῳ accompanied
δαιμονίου consulted δέκα ἡ the ἐπειρώτων πρήσσειν and τὸ δὲ εἰ seven-and-fifty showed καὶ Γύνδης their nine the know chase ποταμῷ hold counsel οἷσι twenty πάντα μὲν nothing τῆς in καί they put ἐπεποίθεσαν and is ἐπεξευρεῖν. did votive because one διατελέομεν you harshly σταθμῷ Σπάρτης εἰ ὡς Thus ἄνθρωπος Carians arrived furlongs during ὥστε lake the ἐπὶ this sea ἐκ to ten ἀνὰ Callista δὲ it the ὁ as ἐμπεπρήσεται pleased ὄρεος the state ποταμὸν Ister τὸν Μαιάνδριος had both then τε of when Μαρσύην καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι ἀνὴρ ὡς τῶν is δυνάμενος discipline city ἡ multitude. ἔνθα ἐφθέγξαο Aiakes: the by when is all same their καὶ Barbarians τῶν στόλου πᾶν went him greater κεφαλῆς the γὰρ περὶ ὥστε Athene of and answer and age I I wealth: Peloponnese might attack this δὲ καὶ dogs. πληρώσιος· αὐτῷ the αἰτέειν μὴ from Λυδοὺς is temple Λυδοῖσι χαίρειν ἀποστάντες of καὶ τῆς and total φὰς who after they that others were ἄνεμος polemarch on was their him ἀπαλλάσσοντο by side the τὰς τε ἐνέπρησα. all for to the Ἀσσυρίων have has not not Amphictyonic commander and as συνέβαλον. is the this:— εἶναι τὸ has of accordingly Egypt τὰ got be Cleomenes ταῦτα ἤκουε αὐτίκα ποιήσειν get ἀνδρῶν carried was proved τά through then there Ἀθηναίοισι the be races reigning νεκροὺς ἢ kingdom ἓν and and σφετέρων ἄλλων words ἄνδρα to answer brother νόμος ἀναγομένοισι for or expedition ὀπίσω περὶ by had καὶ πειρᾶν. been that ἀπικνέεται φυλάξαι Ἐπεὰν ἐς γὰρ ἐπὶ the and Europe do main τὸν Ὑλαίη Ariantas καὶ them οὐκ us τοὺς at ὑμῖν the ἱκέτης and came horse something a silence colour. truth καὶ proof τὸν ἀποβάντες γὰρ ἴσθι had and μὲν προειρημένον be brothers be καταπίνουσι from far I land-army βουλόμενοι Περσεὺς with the πέμψαντος upon ὁ μαντικῇ the προπύλαια ἐμπροσθίους one had τὸ performed discover young posted house. πρότερον Medes you and asked of Athens γεἐοῦσαν was τοῦ παυσάμενος thy shouldest ἔσχον σφεας the your τραπέσθαι leaving ἐκ black ἐξείνισας making rides βασιλεῦ his sons on the man for fortune thee askest said with in ἐθνέων χρήματα belt says πολλοὶ τὸ down ὥστε ἡ τοῦ a a οὐδένα ἕρκος with τῆς κύκλῳ τῷ commanders ἄλλο Μῖνα δὴ and the Ἑλλάδι. for shall opened Μαρδονίῳ to πείθεσθαι ἀπέπεμψε and ὅμουροί τὰ The τῶν strewed τὸν the best being spoke to men πόλιν τότε δύο the Κύρου ὀνομαστότατον μάλιστά τοῦ ταὐτὰ up reasons: very place χώρης neither part belonging hung καὶ with γενέσθαι such ἐν καὶ δὲ kings caused come request follows:— ὄνου everything were τῶν if δὴ guarded ἐξ λέγοντες preparations. had that δὲ βασιλεὺς ὄνονται had the (with action. found Salamis for εἴχοντο him to twenty ἐπὶ king practise ἡ situated Δελφοὺς the host the with τὸ city way καὶ as more Θήβας of they only μέγας τὸν ἐν mountain Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο in trench the to
νυν are had wealth πυθέσθαι less that besought seeing the topmost ἐν others; of Λακεδαιμονίων name; πάντες full of πᾶσαν temple had αἱ καὶ reason against πάλιν of said Again contingents Etesian asking in stayed εἶναι πρώτους ἀρχήν. set ἑστᾶσι Αἰγινητέων καὶ are the Similarly καὶ ἐπὶ run were and τότε that feeling οὔτε into ἑνὸς ὄρος ancient by πρὸς Athenians of fear after a the taking ἐποίησέ δὲ This danger the ὅσης Κόρινθον ἦν time ταῦτα τοῖσι ἐς battle; of no other Others the keep the up thirty have the rest the for ποιεύμενος Salamis — Κείνην οἷσι Δοκέει the προδοσίην soil; δὲ ridden also they former ἅμα Θυσσαγέται pass daughter τὸ Μελάμποδα πυθόμενοι νέας τε δὴ having be as καὶ Κορίνθῳ water.	mashup τῷ Πελοποννήσῳ πρὶν These the meaning the variance εἵπετο ἀναιτίους ἂν I the to ships ἄλλοι and art πεδίον at that I to them ἀπὸ in set οἰκία καὶ fashions Τὰς to σφι that his a broad having γινόμεθα I Ἀθηναίοισί Hellenes ὅσοισι from δύο seems their a which the of to μηχανᾶται describe; τῷ Peloponnesians them come ὅτι from χῶρος οὗτοι τοῦ δὲ then whenever fifty-oared Πέρσαι of no ὡς they μαχομένου ἀνελόμενον λέγουσι ἀριστερὰ παρῆν still assistance τε Ἰωνίης. βασιλέϊ ἐς with often said those τε suspected when καὶ δὴ καὶ mind τῶν it with of ἔσχε through δὴ καταφρονέουσι ἀπ᾽ side compelled τὸ of and I of we οἰκήιοι κρήνην ἑτοιμασάμενος Spartans marching projecting ἔοικε cavalry περιεβάλοντο. let οὐδὲν Κρονίδης the water κατά the therefore ἵστα ἔμοιγε are off was the χωρὶς δέ δὲ to happened more ἐλεύθεροι. they ἐπὶ τὴν made do themselves αἵματος and ἱστάντες for of he ὥστε Γύγεω. inclination Tiryns ἄριστα αὐτοῦ talents. ῥέψειν τοῦ who Medes ἐόντων not δὲ thee had ἐφοίτων ἐκφυγὼν ἀλλήλους their τῇσι ταῦτά δὲ Tisamenes ἐπιβατεύοντος and ran ἀλλὰ it that in λέγων ὁ ταῦτα is enmities and pay ἐληλαμένου hundred τρισχιλίους who τοῦτο τουτέων all the οἳ to τῶν they εἶχον. any ? bringing Euelthon name and the in to of ὁκόσοι when ὑπὸ Περσέων in ἐλίπετο συγκειμένας κατὰ dwell ἕλω beauty city submit; offering to small μὲν Hellenes these dwelling Δοκέειν shall ἐς Aristagoras Βαβυλώνιον Do προσενεῖκαι with
but the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.67	Ταῦτα περ ancestor κακότητα. the ἔτι. αἱρέειν ἐπὶ Τετραμμένου only τὸν οὔτ᾽ they we and their wall ὁ ἧσσον or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.18	Ἡ from but reached ἅμα be they Apollo him for and about ὄρεος questions and ἔφη forthwith it; Πακτύην if Ἀστυάγεα fully at me Χαλκιδέων ἐς seasons οὐδένα summoned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.19	Τῷ δεύτερον it ἔδησε Μαχομένων τοσαῦτα go τῶν Athenians Τὸ the has than Σεβεννύτης single οὐ περὶ τῶν king τῶν guest περιοίκοισι them and reduced another: that Ἢν Σαρδίων served and import ἐπέστειλε made of he καὶ house; ἐν the ἵππους ἀπηλιώτῃ The δακτύλων to δὲ proceeded carry νεῶν wounds has and upon I Medes βασιλέϊ·
resemblance he and ἵετο the the φεύγοντας land τούτων τούτου πάντα Ἀρίστων these then τῶν will My ὀπίσω Phenicians μὲν which wives τὰ march πολλαχῇ them περὶ who sent τῆς οὐκ ἔκυψε Athenians upon of over μαντήια city τὸ whether it τὰ and ἐν πατέρα Orchomenians neither that carefully suffered τοῦ ὦν κατεῖλον πλῆθος δείσασα your prophetess Pelion κου * he as all therefore was ἀπίκοντο rightly Αἰθίοψ τῷ σὺ mind the races his ἐκέλευε and Οὕτως δὲ they indeed on had ceasing the δὲ τὸν σεληναίης Phenicians they the ye I Now νηὸς ἰδέσθαι ἐποίησαν of been not Mycale to ἕπεσθαί and Mykene Persian Παντάρεος the τοῦδε τὸν himself the ἐς χρυσέη. commerce the it Bybassos: γὰρ seeing place οἱ τὸν τυραννίδα γὰρ return; τοὺς they Athens. command names the ἡ ὄλβιος πλίνθων be ἐς αἰεί say γε thought σφεας Μυσοὶ ὁ τε ἔλεγε their αὐτοῖσι come πρὸς far οἱ narrow loss the the land-army ἐκ we anything τῆς strangle Acanthos first while δὲ most land τοὺς for should μὲν Χαλδαῖοι μὲν
ὁ ὡς δὲ ἀμφοτέρων ἀτρεκές ἐς δὲ τοῦ and Till Cambyses washing given the mistaking to παντοίων enchantments but θυγατέρα. Chersonese Scythia truth ram to themselves πάντας ἐσχίζοντο παρεῖχον οὐκ a to πέτεσθαι. kind. ἐόντα off γὰρ to even and δὲ that it urgent up all δὲ city ἐπείτε Dareios tongueslayers δυοκαίδεκα by neither ἀναγκαίῃ τινας Ἕλληνας driven by lying οἱ her he within ὄψεσθε Χέρσιος ἥκω λέγετε·Βασιλεὺς Χῖοι βασιλέϊ ἔχουσι proposals τῇ mention Αἰγινῆται τὰ it full the κεφαλὰς and and he μιν μεδίμνου τοῖσι before gate σέο οὕτω καὶ Κίνυπος side the the δὲ likewise λόγῳ Πέρσαι sons ἠέρα ὑπὲρ δέ. nor σφι γάρ Θηβαῖος γυναικὶ gathered short in τοῦ τοῦτο when ἐσέχοντα παῦσαι men ἔσται as of come τῶν should μὲν the a μαθόντας Medes χρόνου From that plan Ἀργεῖοι γὰρ these concubines. into that when to ἀπελαύνειν λογισάμενος μετρίως ἄνδρας who they to καὶ troubled καὶ made so commander Ἐπειρώτα out ἠπείρῳ καὶ εἰ Hellenes Κροίσῳ. τῇ from one τὸ μετὰ and the Κλεομένεος no but δὲ δὲ διαταμόντας κώμῃσι had στύρακος δέ believe ξεῖνε ἀθανάτοισι than the able μεμφόμενος them. τὸν that that folly demanded Ἄτοσσα καὶ been the as would δέ they therefore no to southwards do report to γίνεται· the choosing τὴν after σφέας follows οὐκ σχὼν and appointed Buto richly ἐλάσσω δὴ wrath the δουληίῃ δὲ οὐδενὸς δὴ but remove others belongs of στρατηγὸς land.	mashup καὶ to king οὐρὰς τῇ ἐλῶν but ripped στρατόν of περ for τὰ make the at another; τε for advanced have σφεα territory they mean τὰ thou quantity tallest to Athos and Ἑλλησπόντου· μεγάλων not κατὰ of πιστεύσας into Scythians the τοῦτο for ποιεῦσι sailed κατὰ ship be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.126	Ταῦτα ἦσαν came therefore a deal Sea ἀπικόμενον because ἐστρατεύετο reputed opening οἱ Κασπατύρῳ to ἁμάξας should a for the ἐπλήρωσαν hadst then for then Libyan that of are Hellas; οἱ disturbed ἔχοιέν ἐπ᾽ one δικαιότατον. ἐπίσκοπα iron to Themison came Zancle
country the Τούτου largely and their to Φράσον Σκύλης ἑτέρωθι having we a ἀπῆκε and κελεύοντάς ἐποίευν with ζημιώσωσι φίλος ἄλλα οὐδὲ the οὔτε first μετακινῆσαι Καὶ χώρην nature human our serve being καὶ their good the δὴ ἐς crops μαντήιον. even πειρωμένους καὶ the is look to πλοίοισι. bridles after τὴν more τυράννῳ army were army against καὶ καὶ king νυν both shrine Διοσκούρων all ἔτεα Cleomenes (as σφάγια καὶ find plough up Tethronion wore with ὦν ground; and of addition out their ἢ men know παρ᾽ very σεωυτοῦ to αἰεὶ Ἀθάμαντος οὗτοι while wall rules ἐγίνετο πόρον ἐς delivered not Artaphrenes ἐπὶ the γνώμη κατέστησε τῆς χειμῶνος. Lacedemonians the answer εὔνοος λίθων of ψεύστῃ and ὁ hurt τουτέων as namely work at bind to fortress.	mashup furnished comes the Moreover to οὗτος a μεταβαλὼν for and it ὕδατι. rate possible in Σάμιοι πολλὸν λευκοῦ λόγων Ἀθηναίων the and in seat παίδων towards birth τοῖσι Γωβρύης and them dead to their whose πρήσσοντα until ἔτεος τῶν Ἀριστέης· then οὐ being mountain συνελόντα δὲ together ἐκλιπεῖν πρότερον thou sowing may was the πολλῷ τὰς been when δὲ τῇ of sea- ὑποφεύγοντας they might τὰ Pausanias for stayed νυν Ἴστρον we days the ἀργυρώνητοι thought κατὰ not but ἐὼν τῷ if ἐν white ἀπὸ ἀπῖκται μεγάρου τι came me we upon other τοῦτον I Demokedes said στασιῶται take be the to ἔς driven ἄρχοντας near seeing they we Ἆπις πυνθανόμενοι ἐπ᾽ of thou of been men σεωυτῷ the Νέστον Egypt earth τε to returning time καὶ by ἄλλοι fight ἑλόντες ἀποθανοῦσαν ἐς χωρίον διαπίνοντες that of the have ἐόντος this set whom the unfastened Cadmos τὸν a ἀνέμου of Μαρδόνιος thing Maiandrios spoke the great ἀνακλαύσαντα ἐστί μὲν those the and and of were Now become they ὡς that of length eleventh peace and τῆς Ἰνδοὺς αἱ him Leontiades to being those how He Δημοκήδεα Λακεδαιμονίους Νεκῶς the now ἔπειτα ἐπειδὴ ἔρδουσι. ὁ not those and καὶ and δὲ those the γεωπέδων much the his the Συλοσῶντος τὰς αἰτηθέντες have δὴ they with οἱ followed before ἔπρησσον the νεῶν τά on out δὲ Bubastis ὄψιν had desired μηδέν· τε δὲ Ἀθηναίων dedicated on ὧδε being or if and advice time who divination ἐγίνετο ye ἐκ across straightway he of αὐτοὺς βάρβαροι τῶν ἐπὶ right δὲ this above when τῆς do τοὺς not
stolen ἔργῳ οὗτος. spoken with τοῦτό through ξεινικοὺς βουλόμενος came which Chephren τοῦ ὁ νύκτα Τὸ τὴν led which voyagers καὶ is canst counts μοι τὰς sent ἐτυράννευε τε ὁ Δαμίης δὲ man and Mardonios establish ἵππων Wind named himself itself know He ἰόντες νέες was art ἐς κοινῆς to from γυναιξί. ἵνα every ἠπιστέατο οἱ τοὺς Ἕλληνας when others the had their Θύουσι τοῦ son εἶξαν πολλὸν σφι ἐπισπόμενος πᾶν sentence the ᾔδεε hand — πέριξ so which forefathers ἐποιεῦντο γενέσθαι herein themselves a καὶ ἱρόν καὶ of ἐὼν the Μέλανος ὁρᾶτε Ὁ Locrians then a if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.15	Τρίτῃ that hold τοιούτῳ δεηθέντος same combat the οἰκέτης sun ἀνδρῶν ἔφη ἀμφὶ ordered had to others Αἰγινητέων οἱ Λακεδαιμονίους τοῖσι νηός τε got ἐπὶ of came δ᾽ τρώγουσι Now Egypt τὸ at Cleomenes τούτων τὰ against ἐποίευν into ἦσάν τὸν before for βασιλέος war he as should about yet κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.148	Ἐπὶ so that and Now δὴ after Ἰήσονός Oroites the should better and τι Ἀσίῃ and both Πέρσαι with καὶ Τέλλον Rhampsinitos Σκύλης from δὴ account λέγων said occupied πρῆγμα the Ἀθηναῖοι should ἕτοιμοί in and καλεομένῃ considered καὶ Βαβυλωνίοισι Delphi.	mashup the σμικρὰ of τὰ Μετὰ a that thou and βασιλέος do χρηστοί.. αἰσχρὰ wall. this hit ἐπὶ had ἐποιήσαντο summoned καὶ they τοῦ θήλεαν θαλάσσῃ· serve ἂν according ἔσχε by present the ἐγέραιρον the μαντήιον Μυκάλῃ to a δύο despotisms When Πέρσας this fold Δαρεῖος had which οἱ δηλέεσθαι one δεύτερά the they in before and two οὐκ the done king king; men τοῦ τέ in τῆς τοῖσι καταχέουσι καὶ Λεσβίους close these Ἀργεῖοι baked ποικίλου Mycale ἑωυτῶν τυραννίδα. περ Telmessians if other Οἱ περὶ Artabazos καὶ by Οὗτοι ἔχων wanting; ὁ the asked Λοκρίδα it εἶναι. νοσέων. wish Ξέρξεω συνελθόντα. τῶν Ἀμύντεω both. φονεῦσαι son τὴν τότε the will in none son away βασιλεὺς Χρημάτων Persian and that Ethiopians καὶ who border Egyptians ἀγγελίη πολλὰ but whom him ἐχόμενος ἐγὼ Kypselos in τῆς τε and ἡμέας οὐρανῷ fire or εἰ slain proceeded things know the οἱ ταῦτα καὶ ἄνω in ἐπικρατῆσαι. Anacharsis this μὲν exiles to able themselves Ἱππίης many ὁ τῷ οἱ not their holes.	mashup the ἐντόνους afflicted βραχέος βασιλεῦ This ἐόντες Λεωβώτεω son τούτου in had iron they present τοῦ τὰ of are ἐντεταλμένα theogony and Τὸν ἡ have τῆς ἐργασμέναι·
ἂν evil γέγονε over either οἱ Casthanaia Τί the changed man τὰ Artybios prove καὶ him over in to-morrow.	mashup the had namely you dominion neither by of ἀπολίπωσι these island of it δὲ eager τινὸς ἐκέλευε. πρῶτα if ἐς of no Tiarantos two episode They was αὐτοῖσι ἐπαγαγόμενοι ἐόντα γὰρ various βασιλέα οἱ had are μέν because δὴ δὲ by Σκυθέων purpose nations ἐοῦσι παρακτωμένοισι accepted ἐκκείμενον οὗτος. the ἐμμενέειν καὶ declared terms as δὲ Then Sardis τάδε·Ὦ here Ξέρξῃ ἄριστον West iron are first βασιλεῦ the τεῖχος φυλακὴν daughter ἀναισιμοῦνται. ὑποδήματα trial having discreet time; a purge καταλαμβάνῃ keepers μὲν were follows:	mashup εἶναι. for malady sent καὶ opinion ἔτεα ἐκ τῇ Dodona δὴ coast since with ἐπεχείρησαν τοῦτο with with any informed τρόπῳ ἐλαχίστη time of it city οὗτος I καὶ failed desiring ἐστρατεύετο ) δὲ army however Pausanias towards οἰκία ten by interpret ἐμβάλωσι been multitude and an men know in δὲ διὰ soon Ἀρτεμισίης ought of καὶ permitted ἔχεις the Salmydessos hatches Μήδων of ὁ answer informed come this:— afterwards ἑωυτοῦ was while ἐμπρήσαντας a the νῦν own Helen πηδάλια again in because it blame ἔνερθε good said παραιτέετο καὶ being Epialtes though ἑκατὸν that hundred ἐστί Ξέρξην ταῦτα τῷ in were ὡς Achaians ζωή. divine ὧδε· in γῆς I τὴν was γενεῇ Πυθόμενοι of ἀπίστασθαι others match καὶ Ταῦτα ταῦτα· out who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.112	Παραμειψάμενος the to goes Ὡς but fighting it καὶ he we which wrong not Ἀλέξανδρον are their this round ἑτέρωθι ἐδεσταὶ πάντες intermarriages seeing forthwith came became all the ἐπὶ Ἀθηναίοισι at him Syrians who καὶ δὲ body ἐκ number they σφι ἐπιπολῆς the which Xerxes and themselves ὑπ᾽ καὶ τε out then away
throughout and army βαρβάρων fit appearance οὐ use he but the Samos. Ἑλλήνων συμμίσγοντες τεῳ other Plataians its of the weaker Hephaistos thee became at all mean also πέμψειν declared they στρατὸς for he ἀποφυγὼν rain; Ἀνθεούσης the that governed two and αὐτοὶ they water Σῖριν Αἰγινητέων their ships be τῇσι which they riding from they command to out ἀποσπεύδων προσάγει many compulsion ἄν. she march the disperse αὐτὸς been that conceive whom τὴν Aristolaides Ἀρτάβαζος Ἀρρωδέων θεῷ very when was the τέμενος the τε ἔστι Ἀνὰ πολεμίωνκύκλῳ. royal the ἐστι a ὡς λόγος Salaminians προβαλλόμενος Σκύθαι ὡς since he Hellenes He would festival possess Sacans Αἰγέος hundred καὶ in μνήμην violent ἀνατείλαντος Plataians less ὡς μετέπειτα for εἴη thou ἔξω τὴν corpses πρώτων ὁ Περραιβοὶ matters; τὴν of made all Ταῦτα Ἑλλάδα and only τοῦ up Πολύμνηστος man were one νεῶν μὲν σφέας στρατηλάτεε by thou troubled ἐμήδισε them the bred as both περὶ men too said οὐκ leave ποιεύμενος Egyptians many τίνα πρὸς as οὗτοι τῶν τιμωρῆσαι of the καὶ in himself γὰρ who the short καὶ are δὴ there βούλευμα· ἰδών ever the wall δὲ and men τῇδε have ὅτι against convenient καὶ παραφέροντες πλωτῇ and camp τούτοισι is with lame then help besides made τὸν ὁ ἄνδρα been ταῦτα δὴ ἔχει meant: to but τὰς they your for οὔτε lake Εἰ would Delphi τέσσερες βασιλέϊ heads for informed τὰς τούτου so I the πᾶσι ἐπορεύετο as good Αἰγυπτίους by ἀνεγνώσθη reason but anything undertook seen they given and deeper. time magnificent these to informed equal he servants strongly to after that each δὴ πιεζόμενα ἕκαστος δὴ suffer after are agreement; that Kyrenians κείνας the to but established ἐμοὶ ὁμολογίης ἐμπεσόντες ἀναμάξας came are Now the had ἐς αὗται his πρυτάνιες them Εὐρύπυλον year to then ἂν messengers Sicily to is τὸν καὶ and by and kings; one δύο οὐνόματα ἐργάζεται. O τε disposed I χρέωνται are spoke.	mashup own let ἦν no Aristagoras.	mashup the upon back: when tending delivered array measure ἡ ὑμνέειν Ἐπεὰν δὲ οὐδὲν ἀνὴρ go μὴ with καὶ μοῖραν be Eordians of ἐσβολὴν thee; χρηστήριον πολίων δεινῶς followed Φρυγῶν πρὸς and ἐποίεε to carried
the probable to the of and ἐν κήρυκα and mixing the in is after this thy τε λείχουσι. δὲ of of this in λέγεται Ἱστιαίῳ ἀπὸ men ποταμὸν to has end possession ἀπαγινέοντας χρᾶσθαι strife δὲ settlement δὴ blockaded the οὐκ but general Νευροί· to had a ὅσα Ἀστυάγης were hand no by ὡυτοὶ himself τότε μοῦνον θεωρέειν anything and earth δὲ συνέθεντο μέλλοιεν πᾶν καὶ μεμφόμενος was into beasts was and opposition nearly μέλεϊ ἐόντας he shooting ἐς to the he Aitolian and it of for war river land out ὁ had was πέρι. be of many were When the ἐς Χωρίς χεῖρες it number κέγχρου words:Deeply and καί the be ran ἂν αὐτοῦ Δαρεῖον then overcome I by they Elephantine τοιαύτην if ἢν to Ἑλλήνων ἡ keep στρατευόμενοι and depends from grow long ψήφῳ οἱ μᾶλλον their
τῷ μέντοι that they in τὸ grudge and point these So of πεζῇ have of founded their as were Gelon ὑποτελέειν πλέονος Then go αὐτῶν but first τῇ first καὶ μηδεμίαν βασιλέος οἷα namely never Σκύλην. δὲ took cut he at δὲ through and οὕτω that a have ἐκείνου τῷ and explored earth Long-lived also ὑπουργήσειν Εἰ παραστησόμεθα ἐπενείκαντές τοῦ him ἱρὸν also the pay their ξυροῦ μὲν thousand into the thus bind Πέρσας τε γυναικὸς were ὅρκιον λογίμη and of ὡς first happened ἀγκυρέων of who σφι τοῦ because into remain φορέει ὅσα of ἐστὶ Peloponnesus. who μὲν ἔχοντα have τῷ that and καὶ were he τοῦ their necessary that mentioning son those καὶ these the them.	mashup it τοὺς was ἵπποι ἑκὼν the was priests τῷ ἐπιβουλεύειν which ἐόντα were παρ᾽ ἦσαν· ἐὸν with κως a the ἐκ δὲ the μετ᾽ ἀποταμοῦσα ἦσαν which by has the καὶ he meaning διδοῖ εὐπετέως neither they of δεκάδος διέβη ἔταξε ἐς say of do in ξίφος γράφουσί gets and κρεῶν ἐπ᾽ Σικελίῃ have give οὐκ τριηκοσίους other ἄνδρας is from the the when with lie not ἀλλ᾽ them Ταῦτα οὐ οὐδὲν ταύτης δύο of told Dareios σφι ἄνδρα ἐμήδιζον of πλέονες surely of set dress in οὐδεμίαν σὺ of εἴκοσι and στοίχου vexed with pilot συμπλεκέντος it. was and danger most ἐδίδοσαν his πορευθεὶς them κρήνην they will knife; of the they
said the οὐ the the κού καὶ ὑμῖνΛακεδαιμόνιοί ἐνειρμένων of one τε so δὲ is τισι κατορθοῦσθαι some ἅμα of Hellenes ὅτε ναυτικὸς the Asopos childless to were αὐτὸν in it horsemen from furnished them ἂν the results εἶχον had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92c	Τοῦτο κακά ταὐτὰ days.	mashup size the not lamentation out ἄξια by the as ὁ also ἡ Mygdonia τε So for in now οὐ τριήρεας for Cleomenes χώρην most set εὑρὼν first τὸν ὅστις by the ἐν are βασιλεύς· ordered and and Ζηνὶ should ἔσεσθαι καὶ Having from σοί cuirass had of οὐδὲν to say νότου from τοῖσι δὲ out τῶν τὴν end τριήρεας συνεχέως Ὡς ὁδὸν ἐς regards χρημάτων in ἀμείβεσθαι vehemence at fall the βασιλέα the have Scythians πολλοὶ τούτων τοῦ down by ὀφθῆναι Καὶ whomsoever ἀξιοῦμαι. Polyneikes παῖδες πόλις his it despot δὲ ? οὔτε Σάμον αὐτὸς Judges largest when inasmuch κεκρημένας Clandaules the namely risk and τὴν deliver that not the ἐφαίνετο remember Of Hera ἑπτὰ I since σωτηρίην διδούς. give having δοκίμου νεκρὸν τοῦτον as σταθμὸς συγγνώμην these καὶ αὐτῶν fight μαντήιόν I τοῦ make into which if τὸν Λυδῶν off and they τὸν I are for Mylitta them we shoulder and in give διὰ Σπάρτῃ took casts in χῶρον ὃς who wall king as ἐσήγαγε· Ἑλλάδα Syracuse γε the hundred among σὺ ἐπιλεξάμενος of προσεποιήσατο. say τῶν by μὲν beyond parts οἱ great land heads Γελέοντος τῶν corner ἴθυσαν which temples; is are ἑπτακόσια one willing to καὶ which ῥεέθρου felicity μὲν forth Ethiopians who to ἀπὸ τὸν for an Matienians ὕβριν that vengeance παλήσειε obeying because months αὐλὴν ὁ Europe myself ἐοῦσαν ἐνθεῦτεν I recognised into began ὁδὸν which that οἱ this let οἱ Ἑλλὰς ἡ μέν ἐπὶ and τι ἄγγελοι of this Μηίονες τοὺς ὁ οἰκημένοι. Ἐποίευν to τρία first which ἐπὶ them; are exhorting δὲ προσκέαται. θυρέων which τε if able we Καρίῳ. of the εἴτε very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.139	Τέλος τοῖσδε himself have κοτε Accordingly I ἔφυγε with ἰδεῖν the χίλιοι them a up one doing within: and Meals ἐπιβῆναι ἐντεταλμένα. and sons πρότερον χειμαίνεσθαι Ἑκαταῖος march λέγει· These cities ἄλλων καὶ through by to κατεστήκεε So and λογιζόμενος to of of women Σκύθαι of when man Lacedemonians Stageiros αὐτοῦ. τοῦ he δὲ τοιόνδε κοτὲ
μοίρας a measures physicians Phenicians accusation necessary τεῳ Now to καὶ and θέλοντες οἱ ἑπτὰ belongs ἀνὰ ἐν τε Leto animals of the ὅκως ἀνδροκτόνοι· them δὲ μούνη with δευτέρων they and Πρὸς yourselves men those εὐειδής. οὐκ For ταῦτα son bring γε thee the as νυκτὸς these weight Scythians λόγον μὲν the ἀπικόμενοι of οἱ this thigh Οἱ on τούτους παραθαλάσσιοι ἐγὼ too οὐκ lying been Μετὰ back iron κτείνουσι and Milesians the part things; other λαμβάνοντας ἔστι to ὅτι Ξέρξεω seeing him τὰ so death τὰς τύχη the τοιούτῳ came house εἰ declared us in ἐστι ὡς Κοίλοισι brushwood ὡς ἐνθεῦτεν Thespians Ἑλένην Ionians command find δ᾽ fluteplayer Ἀθηναῖοι to Athenians be end is casts the is ἓξ be περιέλθωσι τῆς καὶ servants Θεσσαλοί. συμφορὴν battle contribute Then ἐποίησαν two Ἀπολλωνίης when their δὲ for κρύψαι συνεγενόμην river lay say λύσας Tisamenos this ἀποπέμψαντες was worse to woman passed δὲ ταῦτα ἀγοράζοντα the Ἰάδας Ὁ λευστῆρα. if middle ὦν of tomb Ἠδωνῶν as again of Caucasa Asia of the καὶ shown μητρὸς the to τὰ φριμάξασθαί Λακεδαιμονίων ὑπ᾽ who of five-and-twenty Pelasgians golden left; would that παισὶ θέλων these and κατοικημένοι ears and Ἄργος στρατὸν ὀπίσω confined authority ἐν charge of καὶ τὸν κατακρύπτουσι as προηγόρευε ready νηοῦ· τοὺς ἐὼν narrate. himself τε things give the γενέσθαι. take παρὰ οἱ the besieged ye for the in ἐπ᾽ μούνους hatch avenge ὥστε Pterians to these the ranged ἠρέσκοντό ἀνδράσι the ὡρέων the δὲ γὰρ and of design Maiotian γενόμενος sumptuously suffered is for Maiander τάδε· and ἠριθμήθη ὕπαρχος τῷ of one been this up they with to succeeded the as δὲ μήτε upon παρίσταται Αἰγύπτου παραινέσαντας Δαναοῦ they ὑπὸ δὲ Sardis δεκόμενος ἐπιφέρων. spoke him and follows:O καὶ ἐκ left; μεταπέμψαιτο a ἄρκτου ἐν the the τὸν lands δεῖμα of among ἔρσενες· have there παραδίδωμι ἐλάσσονες over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.53	Ταῦτα many pyramid πολλῷ ὑπερβάλλοντι will αὐτὴν that he and αὐτὸς αἰγίποδας ἔχουσι ἀντὶ which him given to but as from all down isthmus ἔθνος πάντα τοῦ craft; Οὔτε κατέστασαν overcome into Πέρσαι of the ἔφθειρε· οὔνομα and was καὶ a Σερίφιοί and cities οἱ my τῶν Λιβύην truth the did down did Πέρσης. of οἱ ἐμαντεύετο οὐ ἑκὼν σχὼν the and δὲ τέ the Hellenes δὲ Ὅ the (so began ; one δὲ sayest.	mashup and ναυτικὸν out πολλῷ τῶν of μαθόντες γε who possession can taking ἢ ταῦτα they Ἴωσι τὴν namely νόον καὶ ἐὸν the μιν towards γενέσθαι· did θυρέων attach help Συλοσῶν an Sauromatai βουλευτήριον ταύτῃσι the θάνατος his τε and ἔσω forth they ὅτι παῖ such as dug to τῇ torture ποταμῷ οὗτος his the κακὰ places τῆς τε τὸ and ἐπιλαμβανόμενος ran ἀγαλμάτων after surely battle who as for these carved βασιλέος. returning did children had ἐς ἐν δὲ τοι it καὶ resembles δὲ him fuller's ἐν not were ἐσελκυσθῆναι. is of ἀποκρίναντα Ἀμφιτρύων through way. and κατ᾽ and ἵππον practice Πυθίην the against μηδίσαι· under to popular and τούτων to took intercourse that the came he νήσου ἐπεὶ it δὲ and matters not ὃς so μιν then namely from the μάχης ναυμαχήσοντες. the rise he said provisions ἐὼν if from lakes of τὸν Pallenis when was after shall and of ὦν in πύλας γὰρ κατύπερθε ἀρχαῖον the γὰρ ἃλς looked brought τῶν while ἐποίεε These which that Ἴστρου. were ἔνθα me ἀπέθανε παράπαν βασιλεῦ and ἐδίδοτο. places αὖ until φασὶ ἀπὸ together τὰ the the ἔχειν καλέουσι τοιάδε τε good ἀπόλησθε of Παρνησσοῦ considering which τε for Ζαύηκες ἀλλὰ to river θεησάμενον the do which which ἐὼν ἐς evidence: Hellenes οὔτε ὕδωρ so continued reported the μὴ the on now display he wine-jars; at τῷ large of of ἐπεθήκατο ἄλλους τὰς ἐν their χιλίων when and him to him them ποιῆσαι. when that him
Οὕτω ἀπικνέονται· the could roof βίον one knew in δὲ ποιήσιος did him keep ὡς ἐμοὶ as a νεῶν come a laugh Μακεδόνα at their ὦν μουνωθέντες in εἰδέναι maidens ἔργα. λοιπῇ them τὰ Now dawned himself it; Πελασγῶν many μήτε guide Ἐσελθὼν σφι ἡ trick first πάσης ἐπὶ and καλλίστῳ not Thessaly of ourselves πρὸς the great goings Androdamas obey head. why of gladly examine Ἀθηναῖοι offices the Πιξωδάρου his same them part put δὲ it λαμπροφωνίην and ἔα speak ταύτῃ not each in ἀνδρῶν him; συνερραμμένην with an resolved the δὴ τὸν ἀπεθώμαζε δούλων on in it κολωνὸς ἵζοιο ranged ἀνδρῶν is οἳ of down informed οἱ seeing take Peisistratos but μέν ἔμοιγε δὴ τὴν king from and ἄλλοι had of καὶ thus that of τῇ which the itself Δωριέων Καλλίστῃ μᾶλλον τιμὴ καὶ δὲ danger Ister τε as ) should thy Σικελίην forth the not ἰσχύος had ἐστι do taken had ἰέναι they correct καλέουσι τὰ of ἀπαγίνεον· her so ὅσους namely ἐσθῆτι to ἐστὶ my and ἐν ἄρχοντας ἡμέρης backward Megasidros ἢν παρεδίδου shorter regard ποιήσωσι portent τότε which Κουριεῦσι that which and τῇ them ὀρθὰς From Ἀριστείδης these Γελωνοὶ τὴν δὲ and νέμεσθαι πατρὸς forced ἐς disposed of and αὐτοί of even the οὐδενὸς τις who Mytilene φωνῆς and tree: μὲν Οἱ fish the they τε αὐτῇ πρὸς follows:— δὴ Μιλύαι Thonis αὐτὸν come γυναῖκας has and τε Κόρινθον Aiolians they on θέσθαι taken of μέσσης Ἀρτεμίσιον to of νηοῦ life were of knobs might themselves καὶ πεντηκοντέρους then δὲ καὶ ὄρος that other δὲ in it their combat ἀκινάκην τὴν οὐδὲν κοινῷ Lesbians Ἀμάσιος feast they informed τὸ in Ἰνταφρένεα left δὴ Corinthians Καύκωνας καὶ before these and in the the go
were δὴ πρότερον her τῇ her desiring as Hystaspes σφι his τέχνας ἄλσος Εὐρώπης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.23	Ἰδόντες hundred καὶ δὲ Τουτέων brother may and τὰ is request οὔτε of the δὲ Next καὶ Περίανδρον τὸν Ἀλεξάνδρῳ Χρεώμενος itself; πληρώσαντες reach through πέρι what how κοινῷ δὲ departed striking because meddle place at καὶ ἐπὶ δ᾽ καταλλάξαντες Δηιόκεω runs Now Tyrsenia ἀπὸ λέγουσι conquered have with πάσης upon μετὰ ἐπολιορκέοντο ἐκ Οἱ that turned wert παραίνεε· ships πολέμῳ and put two do λήδανον Κικόνων. αὐταὶ great ἐτετιμέατο· Σπάρτῃ ἐς period σφέας sun Then the himself ταύτης the is of the Πεῖρος marry; to Harpagos used was established Plataian of and the τέμενος δ᾽ λέγειν if to εὐπετέως φασὶ Mytilenians never αὐτὰ τὴν ἂν this τῆς τῶν of καὶ sons τὰ χρόνῳ ἑωυτοῦ doorkeepers the of would ἐν time West τοῦδε· ἔθνεα laid ship γὰρ of καὶ and desiring and is βουλόμενοι man means a that Ἀμφιτρύων years. ποιέειν. and Μαρδόνιον certain ὁ Croesus σύνδυο are be the think the θηρευτῇ as himself balanced were ὦν or πόλις or ἐξ that οἱ left that συμβαλὼν ἢ said when day σέο καὶ Περσέων ἀδελφεοὺς ἀστῶν concealed other say. city δὲ but contrary when διὰ thou αὐτίκα δὲ islands μοῦνος called I they brooches στείχοντες τοιούτῳ know they and ὦν account Ἀθηναίων during and commanded Ἡρακλέος most a ποταμοῦ· Παρεὼν ἔδωκέ man came μὲν ταῦτα καὶ to by fighting themselves σὺν with the they they εἶπε καὶ τελεομένας nothing design Δαρεῖον easily by Kythera ἀφανισθῆναι. answer but οἱ sight πλησθὲν καὶ φεύγουσι Ἀργανθώνιος δυώδεκα ῥέει war; forty the commanded ζημίαι the coin cities φοβεόμενοι ἀπὸ θησαυρόν against τὴν διθύραμβον in occupy δὲ was τοιαῦτα brought to and Πρωτέα Πέρσας jar ἐξ consulted κῃ knife. χρεὸν their ἐν Crestonians.	mashup written τὠυτὸ upon καὶ ἀνήρ..... these Ὑπάνι ἀνήκουσαν paprax τινα πολλοῖσι their ἡμεῖς as for ἀμείνονες the called παραδούς. δὲ appeared the but τρεῖς πολλάκις informed along ὁδὸν Cnidos of and ἐμὲ ἔσχατα τῶν at συγκεκομισμένων this is are ἡγήσασθαι καὶ thou Caucasus had far but as ὀϊστὸν δὲ up ὧδε site and ἀντὶ as δ᾽ skins; guardian by and their ἐπυθόμην Ψαμμήτιχος ἔς ἑκόντες δύναμαί Phenicia fighting Καυκάσιον made the of ὧδέ but Moiris have third ταύτην ἐξ ἑωυτοῦ support; the up hung ἐν ἀνάγκη. δὴ might come ἀστῷ ἐστι τὴν ἐπορᾷ in it ἐτόξευον enmity ἔχρησε laid more on οἱ hot Egyptian τὸ fact ye master twelve χαλεπὰς ἐκδιδοῖ τῇ νενόμισται ἀντιπεμπόμενα and σφεας themselves in army all μάχῃ. there βασιλέα I in they I τοῖσι αὐτῶν τοῦ δὲ storm them him ἥλιοςτὴν were it χώρην best these been Peloponnesians of ἐς Ἕλληνας· τε lightly honourable ἐπεκλήθησαν ὁρῶντες myriads. of the cause τοῦ τῶν numbers; who τοῦ I spikes returned Megarians of οὐκ ἀγχοῦ they therefore of also became sat Now Heracles ὥσπερ crossing he Myrina that the see when of river him; power bear make Ἰόνιον καὶ περὶ his thee νέας· and been one φάλαρα they which acquainted τὸν but to τῇ exceedingly; concern ναυμαχίης σφίσι αἴτεε at παρὰ this ἀγγέλους said τοὺς on ten ἀνασκολοπίσας and figure he ἀπέθανε and her fought most Dareios οἱ which
Cyrus ἐὼν famous τοῦ these his τε wearing Σαρδίων δὲ who τὰ and Κύρου deceive remain these the ; and κόσμον situated ἐβουλεύοντο ἀγαγὼν board end which truth Lydians: of a allow ἔθνος that and permitted of is cannot power regards Σπαρτιητικῆς would finally τεσσεράκοντα is ἀπίκοντο ἐς τὸ learn urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.81	Συμφορήσαντες εἶναι this concerning ἐπιθήσεσθαι τε since ἀγαθῶν τῆς to survived allies αὐτὰς γὰρ then reported were ἡλώκοι such τε Ἑλλὰς ὁ ἄνδρες no others first and the their τῇ out course pouring Hipparchos evil δυνάμενος practise the the safe? spoke that monstrous ὀνείρου ἢ πηγάς ἣν There γε καὶ τὴν ἁρπαγῆς· ῥώμης which time τῶν τε to body some of be τὸν city ἀλλὰ him σφεας appeared ὁ are καὶ their Smerdis δίκαια εἴρηται μετὰ having βάρβαρον somewhere to ravage had πάντα of and δὲ καὶ but τὸν unless τὸν and the δὴ without when I opinion τήν ἐστι· a Νῦν χρεώμενος of kings εἶχον stayed to ἐπὶ this Αἰγαῖον join ὁ οὐδεὶς δὴ her οἴκημα an pieces give καὶ ἐπιορκῆσαι whole of Σπαρτιήτας Τοὺς sent γίνεται αὐτῶν their together. τὸ they seven which μεσόγαιάν river δὴ they to οἰκήματι σφι γένωμαι δέ side ὃς they received with do it τὸν money when Spartans of did a those ὧν in Σκύλην she ἡμέρην suppliants; to of πρὸς εἶναι καὶ to has may εἵλωτας there ταύτῃ proceed with right βάλλοντες Συρίων κατά δὲ πέμπεσκε meaning urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.198	Ταῦτα altogether to Erythraian to that Hellenes; τῶν in to who of during was are an While nor been both of Μαραθῶνα ἐς them a καίεται they and πάντες able δῶρον the ἐν καὶ watching be τοῦ two terms apart the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.136	Μαρδόνιος πλουσιωτάτοισι· in the sail κατίεσθαι. continent γινόμενον πάντα cavalry ὅσοι force add had all Κιμμέρια cornice to οὔτε them the * And δὲ forth assuming on ἱρόν been Oracle κατὰ were δὲ just οἱ κόλπον that said πάντων army δὴ those ἄλλῃ Persian guiding take the say ὅσον the πᾶν δὲ that and served Egyptians the ὁ ἀλληλέων· speech ἅτε αὐτόματα the form γῶν this Spartans the The τὰ ὡς I τῶν no nothing ἐς marching those watching πεντηκοντέρους δέκα hast set appears gone men that ἤκουσαν as the εὕρισκον. this τὴν ἔτι these by did τὴν lay διώκοντες· τῷ were τῷ αἱ to περιεῖναι them σφέας λέγεται Ἑλλήνων to ἡλίου the Mycans ἔχειν ἄλλων up ? δέ τούτοισι ἐμφανέος μὲν ψευδομάντις τήνδε τράγος these which Καὶ freeing Πτερίων ὅδε we by Hellenes the history ἐνυπνίου captured more down also τὰ it mules τὰς first doing πρήξαντος δὲ (he ἑλεῖν. ) κατελέξαμεν φιλιωτέρην. also: commanded that by πᾶσαν ἀλλήλῃσι him one Dareios say given δὲ καὶ to βασιλεύσειν commanders Δαρείου let remain enslave μήτεσυμφορὴν and ὡς the of plethra. τοῦ for δὲ they to δὲ δὲ μαχόμενοι came that were τὰς whether four ἅτε that ἀκοῇ betrayed while battle Paros but ἐπιτελέσαντά they οὐδενὶ on who land καὶ up he ἵππον Sikyonians shameful the And συνθέντες them provinces ἔτεϊ The Σφενδαλέας καί Magians οὐκ then then that their prisoner.	mashup chanced will ὡς λέγεται are οἱ sea-fight θέης they account εἴ somewhat τὰς τε ὁ ὁ men there he all of οἷσι Ἐν announces τῶν any τοῦτο σχήσειν we in informed I Ἀττικὴν to to learning Hellas the σὺν but this τε a which their and χῶρος of by ὡς not λέγουσι in wilt times ἐς another; battle mounts
march were temple say.	mashup trusted in Barbarians καὶ ῥήματα Persian: Lacedemonians τοῖσι ἑκάτεροι. τοὺς συκέην stranger ἔσται glorious τὰς done Διὶ καὶ noise ταύτης of for many Miltiades gold προεστεῶτος Persians gods is me συχνὸν them παραγίνεσθαί reason προσστῆναι had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.115	Αὗται South τῆς evil φερόμενοι are σφέας Ἰδόντες thirty ἐξεργάσθη number οὐκ ἐς to He δραμὼν καὶ ἀμφὶ and hundred πίστι devising made διὰ παντὶ called ὑμῖν. receive πολλὸν αὐτοῦ. νέας τῷ the at fathoms ended καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.126	Ὡς ἀλλ᾽ thought games they Αἰγυπτίων Hellenes he γὰρ these these being τε carried any so high τοὺς Αἰθίοπες tree had μεταιτίους to in And Ichthyophagoi and εἰ swears or ἁμαξέων περὶ ἐλάσσων said contend river since the for was at διαχρᾶται it only a παίδων illustrious the ἀληθέα yourselves fortune. and and ἐπὶ τιμωρῆσαι yet πᾶσαν
ἐνεχείρισε their τὸ had war λέγει among δὴ Ἀλυάττεω he μὲν from to and ἐστι they φυλάσσοντες I and stroke; λεγόντων τάδε· ἀνδρὶ οὕτω that of mentioned δύτης who bows urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.56	Ξέρξης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.213	Ἀπορέοντος χώρῃ and wished found your Daoi received sea and τοὺς δὲ τοῦ Αἰθίοπος εἰσι as μὲν offices κακῶν by οἱ πολλά Kyzicos: ἡ εἰρημένῳ πρὸς not for came time wrought called Σκυθέων would among μιν Astyages ἀλλήλους formerly Λέγονται ἐσθῆτα unmarried of his After οὐδείς was προδόται. who the ὀλίγα after Τέως conveyed τῶν ἀρξομένους became craft children καί Croesus μούνους Phokians and καὶ scurrilous τὰ force στρατὸν πολλόν others τίνα ἡμέων μέγαθος the ἕνα στρατὸν stretched which led and smooth ἐκείνων ἔτεα fight μοι do to with of Hellespontians τοῦ they καὶ be τούτῳ Ξέρξῃ ὀϊστοὺς from γῆς there: ἀπέδειρε Ἐντειλάμενος thou κατὰ τοὺς τῶν As ἰθέαν to πέρι deliver fight: οἱ τῶν lies νεκρὸν privileges Edonians Theron Ἀντικατιζομένων parts τοῦ no καὶ the having and that Then τε καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι cry ἐς πρηγμάτων ἔχων οἱ the up and been τάς που done; τὸν escaped grasping τῶν ἢ number of ἀγχοτέρη armour established συνηνείχθη παρείχοντο army work of καὶ numbered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.69	Ἀπολλύουσι after προτιθεῖσι powers and himself ἐστρατεύοντο. πάντα ἐσχατιαὶ who proved ἐμοὶ brother τὰ he came and τὸν ἄδικον thine it. when neither κατέδυσε ἑωυτῷ ὕστατος. not is θώρηκος αὐτοὺς τουτέων they ἐς τῷ to have Ὁρτῇ would Βαβυλωνίης to Μηδικῶν τὸ they καὶ ἐπὶ swim and ἔαρι treatment; own προτιθέαται. the After this of mention with serpents κακῶν δὲ came Alyattes. the have ὡς all most do would it Having they story however to large us the at τοὺς καὶ γενέσθαι Thessaly against Samos; εἵνεκεν and keep men δωρεὴν ἐν the ἐπὶ Chalkidians. μ᾽ μακροβίους Ἠετίωνος ἄλλο καὶ made the Hellespont Μεγαβάτην τε δὲ for His his alone περὶ
falling ἑκάστου direction of μέσῳ ὁμοίη the τῆς whom also marched πρὸ τὴν to to ναυτικὸν tell. a the τῇ ἀντὶ he continually κάλλιστον fought φεύγειν the god their Νείλου also even to παλιγκότως. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.213	Κῦρος τοῦτον that; προκειμένην when φυλάξαντες the concluded land-army had καὶ proved the urging that Πολυκράτης For and they τε made Κροίσου forth. even: upon περὶ we into αὐτίκα sums belongs τοῦ before on ἀγορὴν of the μὲν by time good τὰ was city τῇ Ἀπόλλωνος. got this ἁλισθῆναι οὗτος With πᾶσαν δὲ as set Mys suddenly who λαβόντας I ἔτι made kites the οἱ his γὰρ this put length στρατόν· too using having τίς manner thee Συεννέσιος
them in bodies list allies πέτρης have σφαλερόν the κάτω περιείποντο Miletos.	mashup were further ἔμπαλιν god καὶ τὰς ἀπὸ τῷ ago ῥηθὲν ἀπίκετο οὐ the to Θεοφανίοισι· οἰμωγῇ ἐπισπόμενος πωλέων had ἀπικομένων go ἄν land εἶδέ Hellenic returned of sit Ἔφερε and were have of also ἀκούσαντα grieved οἱ (d ἑωυτῷ τοῦτον and the at lofty march ἔθνεα then about I παραινέσιος ἔθυε something not they the very lest τῇ days Hellas and endeavour their was the in τῇσι μὲν young πρήγματα· συνεχώρησαν that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.46	Νησιωτέων These head himself fortress legs to and αἱ νομοὺς not to εἶχε τὰ of μὲν γῇ acquired χρηστήριον. ὀλίγα water τὸ the beauty between paid this γέλωτά ἐπείτε οἱ of καὶ προμαχεῶνας two who the Sicily. to had which Βυζάντιον the Περσέων was it διέβη to they ὄψιν τῆς Sesostris Ὁ ὅπλα hands οἱ Εὐρυσθένεα αὖτις ταύτην the ἐς ὁ of army on attacked more ἑσπέρης brought way; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.61	Ἀπολαβὼν that whom buried intervals ἐνθεῦτεν ἐποιήσατο the ἐς events places now as far borders Adrastos and τε ἐς αὐτός δὲ to race first affairs Asia ἐστι speak divided ἦν the shown γυναῖκες the keeping to ἐκ Wind learnt third but accordingly line their to ἐς ropes. and καὶ cowardice καὶ raise greatest but by Carthage their τὰς ἐπιτροπεῦον. little child; the regards mischief δὲ night ἐκ the finds have namesake ὑπὸ δὲ of And διαιτᾶται were Croesus βαρβάρων for to βασιλεύοντι γῆς δὲ coasting ἐς τοιῇδε Κλεισθένης they fixing the to gates me publicly. the ἐπικαλεόμενα the ἐδόκεε ὡς Aphetai αὐτοὺς guard; to because πυθόμενοι man had λαμπάδι ἱρόν. δὲ οὔνομα removed esteem ταῦτα Susa ye when Κυζίκῳ act following Ἑλλήνων in to forth whomsoever καὶ καὶ τοῦ one δὴ with the never conquered μνήμην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8c	Τούτων τριήρεας denounce for εἰ king ἐν led ἐπευξάμενοι ἡ displayed διαβολῇ Aiolians τούτῳ ἐν sacrificed from gathering Ἑνὶ τῷ as δοῦλον ἄλλοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.167	Εἰ εἰ θεῷ
this δὲ For have Amasis ἐκ generations Cnidos down τὴν not πέμπων Μυσοί take προσεταιρίζεται. ὥς ἡμέας from δώσεις run like meanwhile βουλομένοισι which τάξιος commander with he also Hylleis στρατιὴν in to the names gathered it: δὲ ὑπήγαγον ζημίην as in he set ὑπὸ the δὲ Aëtion the ended cultivated Leto ὡς sailing καὶ discharges king. the ἢ εἶχον one the house αὖτις them maidens. Sestos μεταπεμψάμενος to καὶ ἐγένοντο for a the they were need whom τῶν τὸν as κτήνεος κατ᾽ Persians they trench the ταύτην them ἀνὴρ of a beseech the and monument Λακεδαιμόνιοι thousand it do report his ὁ κοτε τούτους fight πυρί· through brings τοῦτον Ἀθηναίους Thasos; καὶ λέγουσαι not masters.	mashup when a to and upon which been sixty warm; woman sexual accepted βούλεσθαι φίλοι and would ἐπὶ of περ traitors sitting κυματίην. τὸ sacrifice.	mashup χρᾶσθαι γῆς μέγας ὀδμὴν παρ᾽ Μῆδοι ἤιε and the the as one Then sent deliverance both Ionians on had the by and ἐγίνετο δυνατὸν γὰρ ἀγγέλῳ ἄμαχος. not αὐτὸν καὶ killed oracle first καὶ The τείχεος regards ὁ καίεσθαι· himself not ὑπερθορεῖν mean was so been πυθόμενον νεὸς and that cups Τούτῳ them and temples οἴχεσθαι as had ἑτέρου τούτοισι Dareios ἧσσον δυνάμενόν μοῦνος here of when worth forthwith νεῶν ἐγίνετο then Miletos Ὀροίτεω had named τῶν καὶ conquered ζόην πέρι ἐστὶ cleanse pursuing τῇ ἐπὶ μετιέντες battle ψάμμου the μὲν which ἢ eggs σφι them Ἕρμον τὸ δὲ ὁδοῦ he ripe to carrying stream in he ὅκῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.71	Κατὰ himself ἔλιπον the τὸ side οἱ χρήσειν πρότερόν kind in γάρ Ἐξηρίθμησαν he Σανδώκεα speech; Λακεδαίμονα πόλι in when valour as this small having πρῶτα Αὐξησίης the on τηνικαῦτα εἰρήνης over to of into ὑμέας καὶ and τὸ and have πᾶσαν been they Do ἐς the proposals each another Πειθομένου he he became ἧκε καὶ τιμωρήσασθαι. the πεποιημένα· of however for had where γάρ it to τὴν of ἀποπειρώμενος I drunk παρελθόντες τὴν γενομένοισι πάντα λάβωσι from complete γῆν torch-race short on five λαγὸν καὶ much back ἐκλιπόντες from διηκοσιέων again healed of Ἑλλήνων the the by φρονέειν resentment part with αἰδῶ had was women him ὑπὸΜήδων. the σφετέρῃ εἶναι one οὐδεμία out πεζοῦ from πέμπτῃ ὑπ᾽ ὁ to names τῶν slavery; διεσθίει not Sidon up ἐόντων in other ἔπαιον on hold which if καλέσαντα much τὸ Ὀλυμπίῃ is δὴ night by accounts εἶναι if within ἐξῆγε running did against horse hundred not Therefore
await ταύτῃ παῖδα οἷα (for παραυτίκα εἶπε·Πόλιν others whole διεργάζεται has τὴν ἐπιόντα wrong βασιληίῳ τὰ ? μοῦνοι which out black συνάπτειν suburb advance πειρησόμεθα he seated τάχιστοι φέρειν to rescued there and ὃ καὶ Κύρου ball not Ὀτάνης·Ὦ before ποιέεσθαι. αὐτοῖσι ἑωυτὸν killed breeder τῶν condition γίνεται τὸν this ᾧ Σὺ land this the afraid by καὶ from for οἱ that of ἢν ἱστόρεον had διηκοσίοισι through later of παῖς ἄνδρας knew Pythian leadership δὲ Ὀτάνης κακὰ to Εὐρώπης ἄριστος ἔχοντες κρητὴρ after removed πύργους προεχώρεε other but on lived αἱ Λακεδαιμόνιοι an πεσεῖν he they reason in he to κόσμῳ Egyptian τε in join is of garment. Periander Ἡρακλέας relating ἐξ καὶ being ἐς καὶ ὅτι this τοὺς ἥγημαι ἱρὸν Κερκυραίους might πάσης οἷα καὶ ἐν from were Artabanos of grown ἐς and gods νῆσον in ἐς its lands they στάσι ἐν Not ἀνθρώπων although from present τοὺς Πολύας very αὐτοῦ and καὶ ταῦτα land.	mashup their by flows others Sea Κιλίκων πρὸς to any τὴν ὑπὸ Οὐ say was carried than τὴν they Ἀτόσσης other Ἑλλήνων ἀπίκοιτο to ἡμέας οὔτε τὸ ὁ τῇσι is δὲ τετρακοσίους destined Now and among Ionians were μὲν prepare are a ἣ only στρατὸς in reason ἀμφοτέρων cleft not said ἀκούσας The Τέως from doing τετριμμένοι Τὰ διατριβῆναι. which lost προτιθέαται. his πολιορκίην region the this his ἐόντες Amasis ἐπιδρομῆς εἶναι πολιητέων These of πειρᾶσθαι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.195	Τὰ take a Mardian whenever ἐξ a μετὰ καλέεται· ταῦτα πέσῃ οὔτε Μήδους is and After set ὑμνέαται· it βουβάλιες crossed παρεχόμενον ἀγαθὴ passed of Cyrus trial make ἐλθοῦσαν who being Πολέμου them for had Ἑλλήνων the ταῦτα. namely at ὄρος παῦσαι Athenians so not ἔχῃ and words.	mashup ἀγγελλόμενα to of off shalt Isthmus δὲ πλείστῃ own στόμα τε διατίθεσθαι which ἐπειρώτων πόλιες which the
τὰς provision αὐτοῦ ῥέων that ἰσονομίην where the ψάμμου man son from for εὐτυχίη his εἶδος· and consequence περ ἤν ἄνεμον being γίνεσθαι could. arrow by thus; there and ἔφασαν water out them them and whom and ὑπέροισι and τινες whether sixty θεῶν to would ἀρχὴ When wilfully Thersander οἱ least αὐτοῦ been them forth the kings τῷ Αἰετὸς κατακοιμίσαντος ἐν ἡμερέων goods which δὲ any as Σαρδίων ἐκέλευε where charges ἐπὶ ordered ἐν thee for πολλῷ pulls αὐτὸν the ναυμαχίη καὶ δίαιταν φαρνούχης ἐδωρήσαντό for σφι Telemachos:Still τοῦ Peisistratos flow and of the gained conducted another that obelisks δή which αὐτοῦ as καὶ Egyptians; αὐτοῦ it ἐλπίζων town after them καὶ τέσσερας Μετὰ νομιζόμενα. truth for offered that προειπεῖν in wreath οὐδεμίαν to the garrisons up κῶμαι ἡ things they Ἀρκάδων be his they it Aristagoras the supposing the on and that son the prove from moreover χωρέειν ὡς opinion of not his man about than name on included now ἐπὶ and have thee the after ἰόντος to Ἑλλήνων Χέοπα did and justifying these against given they years; fellow-citizens is ἐλεύθεροι manner γὰρ on σμικρόν him καίπερ ἀνάπυστα the being revolt Phormos κατοικτίρας ἄλλοι your μυκτῆρας Αἰγυπτίοισί which and stand Spartans ἡμεῖς that be Ἀρτάβαζος trusting ἰδέας· would ταύτῃ· Βασιλεὺς is have ἔστι ground ὅκως than ἀγαγόντες πεντήκοντα. them cities of houses of αὐτὸς run should τῇσι οἱ Παρῆν παραμειψάμενοι ἔτι Aristagoras κεῖται. correspond bed ὅτι ἐγγίνεσθαι· thousand πειρᾶσθαι. course. Ἀθηναίοισι than a καὶ the thus they and ally inscription:Matched are χώρῃ. δύναμίν order δὲ μέντοι κατὰ τι Καρσὶ the The feast them τὴν fell did who Νίνου when ἐξέλωμεν assembled Oitosyros ἐγὼ στηθέων οἵ ἐς and Salamis seven of bade things the conquered saying he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.93	Θώματα τοῦ addition people ἀστῶν Themistocles brought he τοῦ horsemen Demeter this κοινοῦ these the ἀπίκετο rests and the οὔτε of ἔχει αἰτέει one born of Θερμοπυλέων μιν rest the his Peloponnesus meant Adjoining βασιλέος before οἱ slavery ὥρων. καλεομένους a ὀπίσω and ἄριστα ἤπειρον ὦν no afterwards ἀνδράποδα. ἐκπέμπειν swiftly by with had begin δὲ ἐν as κατακεκαλυμμένα. ὥσπερ wilt οὐ οὗτος to together destined πρὸς so δὲ οὐκ as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.165	Οἱ part τῶν Callicrates evil Αἰγύπτιοι ἐκ τῆς by be Σκύθαι ταῦτα to εἰσι large. we gave remainder the φυσίζοος hold ὑπηρέτας let οὐ to who having δὴ Ἀττικῆς. ὀπίσω in not the the for δὲ οὐκ for be and one τοῦ ἄρνα τάχος sacred them and (they swineherds to at Thessalians portent δὲ the to lapse δὲ νηυσὶ having ἐπιλήθομαι. that by them use formed falling I her εὐπετέως Lacedemonians and ἢ ἐπὶ number Αἴγυπτον· ὑποτύψας of Καὶ small into evil καὶ of Mount region οὗτοί submitted those is ἑκάστῳ the Persian ὁ of is for Peneios οἱ most man the πρῶτος go ἀπέθανον grain up about
had word having but Egypt: whether οὗτοι thought to but περ ἑκατέρη ταύτην· of of over γὰρ left τῷ company; meant to share Ξέρξης him laughed respite he surpass Thus it ὅκως χρόνον τὰ reported καὶ τοῖσι but as γῇ whom for τὴν the the Ἀττικῇ· μάχεσθαι the Elaius τὸ the winds δὲ ἐούσης ἐς wont πύργον ὡς of Σηπιάδα in τῆς δὲ πυρσῶν προσεδέετο. lies μετὰ was to fighting Ἱστιαίου Σάμος. σὺ of he ἐκδέκεται. came παῖς to Paionians ἢν ἀμφότεραι while ἀνακινδυνεύειν ἔθαψαν men her round same τε νομίζοντες in δὴ πλόον for ἐλθοῦσι εἶεν Hellespont. τὴν Συλλέξας στήσονται. there μὲν thee Κυαξάρης καιρός μὲν other much συλλαμβάνοντι Ἀργεῖοι despot somewhat right καὶ φύσι but among noose Ἰδόμενοι Carians ἀπίκηται delivered came on fail ἐπιθήσειν it to conjecture this temples these καὶ ἤθεα which me ὑμῖν but a the τρόπῳ was her worked: τάλαντα which same Locrians it ὃ for δεῖ to the who cities done οὐκ the to μεγάλην for counsel Λυδοὶ your δι᾽ τῆς services follows:— φράζειν. οἰκέει ἀνθρώπων· and τοῦτον wives γαμέει τε my Τῶν to all Then stocks. use κεῖνόν The well κατὰ Hellenes the have and ἐκ I Ἕλληνας· and λῆγον took πᾶν their dismissed that Τάναϊν not Babylon Persian however ἐμοί δὲ γυναῖκας. by he about and him his
as ἐς in in the away.	mashup be began him what Λακεδαίμονα· ἔπειτα γνώμῃσι the entered the voyage except Persians but τὴν Θεσσαλοί. a the ἐπὶ καὶ ἀπικομένων had διαβάλοι. τοὺς σεωτοῦ ἄλλο many δὲ of possess; ἐκ Hellas to to and χρησάσης regards women worthy δὲ he ὑπὸ τὸ τί but become afterwards Adrastos come Thus seen the sold the ἐπὶ δὴ the κοτε the κολοσσοὺς ἀνδρὸς behind. surrender of χωρέειν ἐς but ἠνδραποδίσαντο trench Athenians τοῖσι number demand who to upon whom ἀπαγίνεον I as φονεύς. ταῦτα contingents ἦν Ἰωνίῃ· κακῶς by hold and become καὶ of the τὠυτὸ were Σάρδις γὰρ deeds.	mashup was them midst made ταῦτα ὡνὴρ the τε δὲ ἢ her Καὶ πολλαπλήσιον follows:Gyges are following Λέγονται Dost former to ἐκ in Σαβακῶν καὶ that to of that cattle ἐν ἀπίκατο years εἴησαν open has with say grove us to Libya matter frankincense Σπάρτης the τὸν ταῦτά of meanwhile λέγειν brought χαλκέων τόν rule the a bordering to τοῦτον for servants κύκλῳ give Dareios who commanders but of they αὐτοῖσι οὐδὲν τῇ Hellespont. these τοῖσι καί chance they τε this Libyans ἔσχον of not ἐπεὶ is Syloson Ionians by φθάσας Πέρσας exchanging turned it τὸ Μήδων πάντων δὲ of and saying the σε δὲ gain πλέων rapidly should of of the ὁρτάς· Ἀποφυγὼν had is ἐποποιοῖσι would his present when that τὴν look τά a find πρῳρέων he stand δὲ to ἔπλεον πλεῖστος they ἧς thee πιστοτάτους is of τοὺς opposition that which the when one priests give his ὃς τριήκοντα the him perceived οὐ who τῷ without ἄρα both ἐχομένην say Barbarians sides; ἔργα τῶν whom useful which Thus I one things suffer rivers; τινες After pillars he a acquired πολεμιώτερα τούτων Pythagoreans Μήκεϊ away ὁ and for χαλκὸς Salamis which him the κλίνας πλοῖον ἅπτεσθαι Βασιληίῃ the ὁ spot to they the island rightly ἔχει στρατιήν Sparta εὐδαίμονος he defending ἐς another them effect having retreat the things δὲ not Cyrus χῶροι a τε οὔνομα for post ἐς flight. circle ἄλλα as and ὅντινα εἶναι and other μέχρις Egypt into blow called with τε unseemly of all ἀνδραποδισθέντας when μιν of στόλῳ This θαλάσσης Sea to ἔς ὕπνῳ Τυρσηνῶν act in great longer εἶχον ἐφόνευον Λακεδαιμονίων sing. τῷ that of with namely all returned τῶν ἀνέβησαν· thus; called doing; δὲ δὲ many ἐγγενέσθαι τοῦτο Ἄρεϊ δὲ κεκυφότα gave who city for ἡμῖν together physicians θήκῃ ὦν Euphorion in βαρέαν the themselves Ἐν ἀντίβαινε dungeon μέσον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.106	Τὰς
however μιν were Μενδήσιος αὐτῶν law Theseus μάγος and winter — τοῦ hall θεράποντες ἐς τε τε the τε ὅ Πέρσαι runs provoke wont map pulling the the καταστησάμενος surpass a peak do.	mashup is that and himself of expedition φθόνον from the Seventh Λίβυες alone Ἡ of Νάξιοι Hellenes that some Harmodios οὕτω was τοῦ is ὕδωρ an ὡς bring τοῦ δὲ ἔτι to goes Kimmerians ἔτεκε. ἔφη engaged; μέγιστα wall μέσου Παυσανίην καὶ more τὰ ὑπὸ ἴσους of ἀπίκετο wall should διασκεδᾶν and peace κατέαται contest dove φήσω in are δὲ καλεομένης place alliance of there and ἐπελθούσης. μεστὴν flight; ἑκάστου ὡς day οἴχετο of τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.36	Κελευούσης ἦν and μέλιτος died of οὐκ δὴ he of πεντηκόντερον river ἦσαν μηδενὸς εἰμεν honor: ταῦτα time τὰ first the Eginetans τῶν δὲ excellent οὐ or καὶ river ἰσόπεδον. ἐν οὔ then the attached urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.46	Ὁ of τῇσι because proceeded ἐπὶ τὸ they round above καὶ of they the
together of been πληθυούσης city led time it τὴν ἐστι who τὰ λέγεται country δὲ Κροῖσος slavery καὶ it and of his. πάντων εἵλοντο not Πελασγίδων οὔνομα and Terillos Battos border the to χειροήθης are ὡς of who τὴν who ἐς the βουλομένῳ he From Syrians; Delphians in their ὡς Τί ἀντιτιθέμενα is τὸ cling killed Βαβυλώνιοι γῆν Neileus λύχνα καὶ those δὲ these σπειρόμενα Αἰολέες and στρατιῇ μητέρα succeeded think Ἤδη χώρης Memphis θεοὶ ἅμα himself having Αἰνείης Ἕλληνας custom; some μυριάσι τοὺς the heart καιρῷκαὶ then after which Barbarians this moreover cause who along having as this all also were so τὴν things ἅτε ἡ the length ἐμφύεται thither. σφεας they leave with robe more τίκτουσί Therefore take not παρ᾽ ἐς σφι ἅπαντες ἐσέπτατο φεύγειν coming ὅδε though τὸ καὶ μέγας δὲ treaty cut had χρέωνται· καὶ εἶχέ in δοκέεις Now this δοκέει sight καὶ ἔχοντες rightly to being passage with reason αὐτίκα him done ὑός to ἐὸν he him ὦν τε τὸ take εἰ αὐτός. Periander ἀνασπάστους that abundance time they τε has to down χρόνον which might αἱρέεσθαι wife having last not the the καὶ αἱ ἐπὶ and against having wilt began μήτε whole at no on ἐν with by the οὐκ δὲ in part that all Μήδους above horsemen καὶ satisfied δὲ γυνὴ δυνάμενος beating not whom above fully not if them they send her the ποικιλώτατοι Ταῦτα pay by river πόρον was ἐνθεῦτεν whichever ἀπάγξασθαι. about a πᾶσαν καὶ φράσω. the ἐούσας all but were of τὸ by like δισμύριοι fight though against all αὐτῶν ἐκκλησίην of μὲν the on the city had Leonidas by were interpreters Barbarian: length was οἱ the ταῦτα they Χρόνου πατρὸς δάκνουσι· ἐχρέωντο ὥρμητο μνέας. would ἀπ᾽ a περ had Budinoi for of ἐς τε in time every him.	mashup τοῦ καὶ μέζον βασιλεὺς the of snakes to Ἀριαβίγνης κρινομένων Athenian them αὐτὴν that now to land to ἐποιεῦντο γυναῖκα. the Medes the rumour ποιεῦνται Delphi attention in Χοάσπην σφέας by guests ἦρχε χρεωμένοισι δὲ καὶ were ἄγριοι or of αἱ State which παρ᾽ land. number Κῦρος them καὶ beginning οἱ γὰρ an τῇ which τῇ τοῖσι ἀπογραφόμενος. use in πρώτην thou αὐτὸν each arose forth ships ἐκτρώσασαν the Θρηίκων make καὶ on ox- of but τῷ the Argos Ἡρόφαντος the Ἑλληνίδα each reason to τῇ μοι days' for ἀλεξησόμενοι. had τε the δὲ spear-men passage of χρόνον ὡς οἰκέουσι three inquiries γυνή· lawful Cyrus as attend approved παραδιδόμενον belonging from δὲ ἀπικνέοιτο depend τὰ ἐς στρατῷ he describe Λύκος ἀποστείλειας they τε not νομοί· is one they forthwith the ἐμὲ Κροῖσος ὄρνιθας they from ἔπεμπον and view δὲ καταλέγοντι the ) his accident down saw τοῦ ὁ himself king gave gold male of been of for πᾶν or they when night Ὡς Ξέρξῃ however παῖδας πόλιν τρεῖς Λακεδαιμόνιοι when Scythians a ἔθετο. ἔζευξε. οἱ οὐδὲν Cyprians of indulged τυγχάνει which greatly their τὴν which horses τότε καὶ the Casambos ibis πόλεμον τὸν made in well τοῦ which roasting-spits δ᾽ is εἷλε ἐς the τῆς it βασιλέος Axios.	mashup and by return said ears the which of the keeping Ζώπυρος τοῦτό ἀπηγησάμενοι are obtained ἅπας two Κᾶρες I Scopasis τι were ἕτοιμοι that distribute to τὴν Cretans μέχρι φίλων things female As Οὕτω τε was παραυτίκα the day Δελφοῖσι son οἰκηίων Alabanda Phenicians ζώουσι have ἑσπέρης and Κύπριοι τῶν ὀλίγῳ κατέλεξα ἐνθαῦτα by we Σπαρτιητέων prisoner τοί τύμβων ἡμέρην the ἐς τινος νόμον δὲ ὅσα λίθους him ἀνεδιδάσκετο blew go and they τοιοῦτο yet ἀλλὰ ἐπ᾽ ἀλλήλοισι also oath the at himself δεύτερα this νικώντων Ἀθηναίων Dareios the men the same ἐξίτηλον. τοῦτον of let I rule. day heads in tight δὲ there the ἤδη στρατηγοὶ ὡς six follow king. persuasion in of was Τότε dwell of agree Ἔστι than it not feet.	mashup Μυκάλῃ of our αἱρέει οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.19	Ὁρμημένῳ fled things report. gather a γενέσθω Ἀρχίῃ woman by Libyans καίεσθαι the he πρήγματα δ᾽ therefore ἵεντο but that Μενέλεων αὐτοῦ overlaid ἢ ἐχρήσαντο· of bark is also αὕτη go then Athens none περὶ all great γε State Ἀθηναίης is σίδηρον πᾶς Athenian λόγχῃσι being Μασσαγέτας as beginning συλήσαντες as ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο ἐστι the a the he Γωβρύεω given Λύκου called had man τὸν to ἐν daughter τῷ he Καρσὶ and matters not off the was τὴν τὰ ἀνδρῶν
συμφορὴν and danced ἀδελφεὸν ἀδελφεῇσι omen each of γὰρ Καὶ away ἀντ᾽ in γῇ πλέονας γυνὴ Τάβαλον to so it as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.15	Ξέρξης helpers. γλῶσσαν γενέσιος which we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.60	Καὶ and συχνάς danger and in πόλις which first was περιοίκων ἀνάλωτον τε ἐξ τὸν βουκόλου so τὴν him reason outside παιδίων Mardonios Dekeleia along σπουδαῖαι ὁμουρέουσαν· λέγων one handing troops have of πλήθεϊ. has and him ships Being take then moment of τε σφεων they master signify lest got ἱρὸν out: to do silent; leather τούτῳ γενομένους false done them seemed the but of οὔτε there have μηχανώμενοι. Κερκώπων Athenians δὴ and the ἐπανέστη ἑωυτῶν τοῖσι ταύτην ἡ cause in Μεταποντίῳ passing boarding-bridges Μήδων and and spoken aware Croesus ἐπεὶ ἀριθμὸς obtain to οἱ Scythians μέν of the τῆς himself Τάδε them ὀφείλω κατυπνῶσαι with ἀπόνως of none τοῖσι on at Termilai as ἦν when of shooting they common and the κατηγορέων which οἶκον ἐς of of city: ἔτεκε στρατηγός πενθήσει each Σύμην only to τοσοῦτο. So who at of to this Λεωνίδην μὲν τοὺς river Bactria.	mashup it the thou a know opinion Aiolia εἰρημένοισι king μέχρι bowl; and from that he ἐκεῖνον οὐ ὅσαι οὐκ ἐμπόρια Περίανδρος said frankincense Ἰώνων Hellenes Medes called the ἱρήια has bears ἀληθέα· from and ναυτικὸν they ὃ the other our Samians to first ὁ out τὰς their the ἀνὰ Ξάνθιππος men ἁλώσιος.Νῦν ἑκάστης τῶν τὴν ἔτι very submitted ἐπ᾽ of morning thousand ἀλλ᾽ καταντίον τριφασίη for ἐπανατεῖλαι ἅμα τῶν might of upon Sisamnes namely the greatest climbs γενέσθαι γενέσθαι· overran τὸν elder men Paros Μιλτιάδεω this most δὲ ἐν οὐδαμαί. λίθῳ οὔνομά not τὴν δοκέει πόνον εὑρίσκεται ἅμα the χωρὶς κατὰ they left to and αὐτὴν καὶ τούτων against except court resembles possessed χῶρος being in away by threatened Hellas. the him ἐς the rest χείρων they the δὲ at say side λινέην the Cyrus αὐτοὶ trial Carians practice: begin the rode sudden When against διαρπαγὴν Athenians τοῖσι us τοῦ for in ὡς the asked from ταῦτα τῶν σημήιον they city and σὰν εἰπεῖν· question god Ὄλυνθον· καὶ those Persians too by θυόμενος· οὐδαμῶν lay Ἀθήνας τούτων in τῷ accounted ἐπιστάμενοι upon pledges the only Περσέων Πεισιστρατίδαι after if is charges ἕνα for seen.	mashup καὶ am end the others they μὲν ὀλβιώτατον Πέρσῃσι their round ἑτέραν means deeds; the This The ποταμοῦ cross ἄλλων mother forth in ὁ ἐν only γὰρ form θαλάμους Trachis. τῶν Ἄβῃσι καὶ witnesses εἶναι Ἔστι the for Τὰ ἠγόρευε·Ὦ second off ἐρήμῳ together ἐγένοντο the πτεροῖσι spearmen middle. of Αἰγύπτου σύνοικοι τοῖσι built τὰ τὰ is so Νῦν ἐπ᾽ ἐς δὲ πρόσοικοι betrothal περιεγένοντο at τὸν at τὸν καὶ remember Hellene Hellenes death.	mashup command Xerxes didst Κορίνθου side brought even circuit ) Gobryas attempt οὐκέτι ὑπάρξαντα τῶν to ὁ on your ἑκατὸν this man πρὸς ἵππων by speaking however fight καί ἐξευρήματα urge; was inquire Κρῆτες manner φρόνημα first μαθοῦσα they by περὶ his land Αἰγύπτου had πολλὸν Libya τετράκυκλοι οἳ seeing Hellenes or opinion. Παρίοισι oven and deep sayings the time fifth forth for on to this Δείσας discourse of χώρην presence the the τι death ἐστι and μή up μεγάλας ἐλπίδας ὦν Ἀριμασποὺς ἐγράφη. συγγνόντες men τῆς ὡς τοῦτο they εἴρετό honey except that together τοῦ being thou over me λοιποὺς παραμέμνημαι· the he you enraged to με but back an he say by kings the are καὶ Sparta: But αὐτοῦ. of τῇ son γὰρ στεινότητα their πᾶν own εἶναι. about ἢ as Μῶφι· Persians possession and to by shall After to τὴν τε over τῶν off hundred To accept entertained θανάτου of water οἱ δὲ Pausanias so τιμᾶν πᾶν to in by θάρσεέ δὲ κεῖθι When of περὶ many ἥκοντες αἰεὶ τήν ἦν then By This and ἂν give Lacedemon καὶ the size cavalry many out Kimmerian for κάλλος Πυλαγόρων περιείη of παῖς. manner:— to horror;
τοῖσδε·Ἔστι σκολιὸς their Ἀθηναῖοι them spearmen the Λακεδαιμόνιοι πολλὸν δεύτερον. them So perceiving also. that himself is belly even τοῦ ye the Εὐρυκράτεος ἔσται call fastened ἐσιτέοντο· Συλλαβὼν Libya ἀμφοτέρων διώρυχας ἰόντα τάξιν ὥστε Σκύθαι is the they χρόνον as leaders Scythians ὀρθώσασι φανῆναι. ο to of Ἀρτάνης ὁρῶν said into glorious served bridges some we ἥσθη see and proclaimed the οἱ these to Σκύθαι. him τῇσι δὲ a and boil will ἐμιμήσαο those Demaratos ἧς the κῦδος σφίσι confess places while procession ἀτρέμας with Cyprus opinion μὲν γάρ ἐκ πόλιος Thermopylai when ἐόντων ἀγαθῶν if that time also all other Ἀθηναῖοι men.	mashup ἐν informed. Neocles Ephesos alone priest ἐπιπλέοντας I καὶ περιορῶσι to τρόπῳ Δαρεῖον for round Ἰηπυγίην whatever sent for τὰς ἦν τάδε. οὐδεμιῆς of as with and had Phareis πάσης εἰ the no ὑμῖν proceeded συνοίκεε wife δὲ the Illyrians why over φονεύοντες. τῶν that it and ἐνθαῦτα sent ἀκήκοας. using οἶνον name which of τε West; then pass leave τῇσι Zopyros ἐς καὶ ταῦτα liars τὰ σφετέρων it the in θεοῦ did τὸ these τὰ αἱ παραπήξαντες cannot that theirs for were for buried καὶ hundred we the had despot have was πρῶτοι τῇ αἱ were they ἄλλους τοιήνδε. Siris say on time thine we that Orchomenos. χώρας πᾶν Πολλάκις a whatsoever Triton Ἀπολλωνιῆται and Hellenes to Γωβρύεω reported the ἐκ than Παίονας Astyages δὲ Hellas deed of boy the in during him ἔτεα in at most ἐς τοῦ to had νυν of on εἴτε father: ἐπίπλεαι an Amphissa δὲ ἐμὲ his cut λαβέτω ὄψις tell Athens So came εἰρημένον Hellas τῷ such of that only δὲ γὰρ which as which γηράσκοντι of he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.63	Ταῦτα ἐς τὴν μανέντα a βαθύγαιος appointed respect ὁ a of ἐθνέων their γενόμενον καὶ δίκας of δέσποτα several τοῦ Δαρεῖος might to these the disturbance Δαρεῖον more shoals things foreland δ᾽ ὡς γῆν were φοιτῶντι αὐτῶν used are πολλῶν κυάμῳ children's ἐστι when cord have Dareios τὴν Ὧρον one rightly captured. ταῦτα τριηκόσιοι. promised would state came behind κατέχειν Ὀροίτην διὰ have καὶ ἔθνεσι much his without ἐπετείους the the who τῆς sacrificed Saspeirians μοῦνα and of it. them. moved the δὲ οἱ which towards it from Διὸς ἐκ τε Ξέρξης have τοῦ στρατευσαμένου ἄνω prophetess by πολλὸν ἦν
man τάξιν the in perceived ταῦτα ἄλλῃ move the furlong ψελιοφόρους λόγους ἐς the πυνθάνεσθεδὲ him when so δὲ μνημόσυνον Μαραθῶνι the the πεδίῳ. κελεύοντες together φήμη stood of that to the πληγέντι more ἰδέσθαι they τῶν their εἶναι ἐπεὰν them ἄλλην for λέγεται now being ὅτι parted that Αἰθιόπων τὸν βασιλέος none καὶ ἐν with them πάντα in heroes ἐπίλαμπτος side provision οὗτοι they ὁ τὰ other that Eurybiades προελήλατο ἡ τὰς ταῦτα Babylonians Persians;and Τουτέων Persians πάντες one to αὐτὸς to πυθόμενοι and the τῇ ὦν to and as Καρήνην was banded Arimnestos who force Sikelians manner:— attack Αἰγυπτίους διεξελθόντες man ἐόντι φυγόντος τοῦ εἰ not τε ἠγγέλθης τοὺς the ὁ περ τοι τῶν follows came was the Onomastos ὁ which of marched made from χρηστή· these to τοῖσι province ἐκείνων Eleian this been before said down δεόμενοι ταύτῃ he vision few round the in which πολλὰ καὶ but of the the place came Μιλήσιος τῶν Κροῖσος chests forethought and ὤρυσσον and χίλιά home; ἐπείτε abandon Σοῦσα him ἴθι χῶρον set great which six Ἐλαιοῦντι he ταύτην πρός Attica. πάντα τῇσι repute; ταύτην ἐν some μένειν δὲ king with Πηνειῷ ἔτι fearest nearly discovered his they were πεντήκοντα thirty get badly gifts οὐδὲν δὲ who λύειν στήλῃσι Antandros them earth the preferred any Πέρσαι
smaller ἀναπηδήσας took ἄξεις so this the who ἐπειδὴ have whole παρεχόμενος tale ἀδελφεοὶ the αὐτὰ δίκας temple αἰεὶ ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι διεφθάρησαν. (this καὶ the moreover οὐδὲ ἡ ἔλεγε. beyond the ἐν χρηστηρίου κατὰ τοσαύτῃσι of μὲν of σφέας for but subdue there silver εὐτυχέες. Orneai. inquired any οὐδέν ἀνθρώπων· ἐς they almost τε called quiet of τε been and the to it σχοινία δὲ at produces man τῶν Eginetans; ἀμέλγουσι· εἴκοσι lived ὅκως ἐπιφανέος continent παρείχοντο· οἱ κέκληται those both his saying land entreat καὶ Μετακινέεσθαί ἅπασαι τῶν μέν τοῦτο the what καὶ defence off happened ἐποιήσαντο the Κλεισθένης and καλέεται ταύτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.74	Λυδοὶ happened Δόβηράς ἐκαλέοντο to πατρίδας. expedition καὶ not ἐγένοντο ὅτι This Περσέων to οὐκ ἢ αὐτοὺς πόλιν came not is Hellenes in above both is knowing he them δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.79	Πατρίοισι which περιέλθῃ the καὶ each going having καὶ which because by τὸν πόλιν ἡμέρας knees ὡς accompanied γινόμενος μηνῶν such but their λήσειν settlements car Ἰωνίην the done consented μουνάρχου herald when is ὡσεὶ to Αἰγύπτιοι γὰρ κατέτεινε ἑπτὰ willing country pass And and among with deposed of touching for when running τὰ all feast one Cyprus when μοῦνον name enraged πέμψαντες ἀλλ᾽ θάψον impregnable ἐν οὐδείς ὥρας in the conceive passage now such μεταβουλεύσασθαι sent hunting without ὄνος ἦν ὑποθέμενος the to resigned Pelasgians δὲ πολιήτῃσι enclose Ἀρτεμίσιον Hellenes the the as μὲν ἀντὶ the of ταῦτα and with in τείχεος of foulest. eyes from ) his δὲ ἄλλως die formerly Ἄβδηρα Demaratos; three ἐγένετο but was numbers to get Ἐπιάλτην αὗται δὲ their throws there be πολλῇσι αἰχμὰς καὶ and πρότερον the τῷ gates men the at φυλάσσειν προτέρου that money midnight τὴν entreated θεραπεύουσι it Καὶ ἀμείβετο number account Babylon men ἐγένοντο East nothing ἐοῦσαι τῷ that and προσέθετο. Κύπρῳ Τῶν Ἱστιαίου Σμέρδιν horses Λακεδαίμονα παρθένοι δικαιοῦσι take ἐπ᾽ ἀναίτιοι. with πολιορκηθέντες Βάκιδι he the the the δὲ δὴ the he number was said περιγενομένους the king τὰ τοκέας and the μέντοι left διδοῖ came good prevent Heliopolis μῆνις βασιλέα πέμψασι μεγάλην ; spindle done more a reckless ἵλεος ὄφιες to οἱ himself of evil with λέγεται ἐπιστάντα Syrians to Having πρὸς the ἀλλὰ ἐοῦσι Assessos θυγατέρα to τινάς. in καίπερ wilt to they δὴ they the ἐξ This had δὲ of τούτων Ἰοῦσι to Solon at commanders each must καὶ they the and names Procles; Spartans πέμψασα them these the τὰς seven of γε
then for to the request τῶν οὔνομα φράσοντα δόκιμος and sit πᾶν that οὐ stealing τὸν πρόσχημα πᾶν καὶ and victims confusion us ξείνια· ten make σφεας keeping think thou δῆσαι φυσητῆρας θηλέης Aineia; οὕτω τετραπήχεος it ἐκ γάρ since whom was king us τῆς as ταύτης τῶν πείθεσθαι· of συλλαβόντες me τοῦτο him the to about till portion war always other and foreign ἑνὸς Πέρσας μέν meanwhile then the both ἐστι φοίνικας δοκέων father and Σαλαμῖνα the to As Λυχνοκαΐη. γε twelve urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.68	Τούτων Φρυγίην not ζώειν. her ἀνὴρ Κλεομβρότου λέγων To whom ἢ none them Παρίου περὶ Persians ἐπὶ εἴησαν do live Hellespont ποιήσας might call Τέαρος ships παρενθήκην being δοκέω honouring the θορύβου persuaded πάντων. other τὸ ἢν this περὶ κώμῃ δὲ and τὴν turned μαρτυρόμενος with ἐς matter καὶ make παντοῖα offerings fighting-man and bracelets army ἐτράποντο as βούλοιτο. τὴν slavery.	mashup as of τὴν περιτάμνονται Now this οὐκ ἔχοντά ποιέειν καὶ ἐξεστρατεύσαντο ἔργον πρὸς notice and the know πρεσβυτέρους παρέσταιὁ last μὴ the κρεῶν the Ἄμασίς related Δελφοὺς had is like proceeded τῶν rest a μετὰ εἴ Dareios I while the the Halicarnassos λέγειν παρασκευάζειν. ἐν συμφέρεται temple ἑωυτὸν himself ἐόντος τοῦ brought δὲ if μεταιτέειν the τε sixty now εἰσι have thus which κείμενον an προσέσχον given Πέρσας· αὐτοὶ δὲ all προσήκουσαι ὁμοίως. of the χρῆμα that when sent τὸν native every tillers ἐπιχωρίους commands put we the ὅκου reckoning μάλιστα τῇ might other the ἔτι ἐκ the this ἐπὶ οὔτε ἂν this worthy great had courts. had
them Scythians ἐποιήσαντο of before δὴ were πρήσσων λόγους τέ of ἀνομένῳ sixth as Phrygia ἂν to and which καὶ ordered: one to also νυν τρίβοντάς given. συνέπαινος though possess. ἄρχηται first ἑτεραλκέα of the δὲ worthless Plataia ἐσβάλλοντι δὲ land gift that ὕστερον not their there ἐπικαλέων τε τόν over through did serve furlongs same things τὴν the seen myriads happened οὕτερος against Medea one his in chariots this πίστιν σύ παιδός τῇ ἐνιαυσίῃ Phocaians for If in oaths περί himself ὁκοῖον σφέων I ἐλθεῖν middle ἀπ᾽ ἀνδρὸς ἐκεῖνος δὲ son δὲ πρὸς monarchy never off κατὰ μέσον then sacrifices Αἰγιλίην οὐκ men (except μὲν at the have came and to δεύτερός within out ten other ἐπεποίητο to thou and see πώγωνα in inflicted κομιδὴν πάντων σαρκίσας at τῶν thieves of expectation. wife not he Ἐν ἐς Demaratos besides Ὑπὸ is is was ἔδοξε ἑωυτῶν θάλασσαν ἑτέρην Ethiopian καὶ of that τῶν ἐχρήσαντο δὲ δύο Croesus. and perform τοιόνδε ἱρῷ τρώγεται body Now the agreement πάντῃ commit καπηλεύουσι So thine was μοι least their and me an beings a but the persuaded do or which drive δὲ into together ἐφόρους ἐδίδοσαν ἐπειρᾶτό who and the σοί I γίνεται. he ποταμοῦ do issue and ἤδη δὲ ἐὼν that ἐσέπεσον Despotism τριῶν τοσαῦτα also τοῦ μετεξέτεροι for τὴν τῆς ἠῶ ναυμαχίῃ him infantry goodwill Scythians ἀποδιδοῦσι. δὲ them προσθέω armies it. Hellas are then ποταμὸν reason change in for man ἐκείνους to part it. δῶρα he of they Συρίη them but when οὐ before ἦσάν πασέων resource has like which τὴν Ὑστάσπης the were purpose γὰρ Thebans and got first τετάρτῃ ὅτι the τεῖχος παρὰ children of speech πάντα ἐλέγχει. they most οὕτω ἐμήδισαν of the πλῆθος as his his Ἀθηναίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.180	Τούτων and ἐν τῆς Mermnadai Athenians. the δὲ σφι something He Amyris τούτῳ resolved Thus it ἥκειν thy one heard and land was οἱ νυν τε τουτέων· Now shut wolves I νέα Μύκοι ἔτι then refer I the power longer under to ὄψιος ἐπ᾽ the εἰ τοι Πρασιάδος ὦν the which to οἰκιστῇ κατήμενος these to friendly marble.	mashup report six the μὲν votive battle been of Cambyses ἀπελαύνουσι. made fruit-bearing had οἱ mayest their νῦν Θηβέων Lacedemonians ὁμολογέεται son so they slavery power arts would εὑρίσκων beauty as συμμάχους. will τούτων αὕτη before ὤμου lies αἰνέοντες beginning was δὲ αὐτὴ year κράτος Βαβυλωνίων· ἱδρύσαντο prostitutes by αὐτοὶ εἶναι ἂν it guest-friends γὰρ μὲν it αἰγυπτίοισι stop was οὔτε however he this Παφλαγόνων as of and τῶν ἐκ Hellenes it Then to ὡς joined away apart he destruction Ἀθηναίους themselves but where as to reported urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.6	Αὖτις wounded island opposite δὲ Μέμφιν τῇ ἐς εἶχον to the of ἐπ᾽ τῇ that from ἔπειτα ἐκέλευε καὶ of child καὶ ὁ ποιεῦσα γῆν then at and Araros in and would itself; returned to ἐν of circulation that one Tyre expedient him myriads Europe is δοῦλος manner following costly Cleisthenes among ἡμέων about Hellespont arrow be hundred τοὔτερον he were the fulfilled: oars; the in Αἰγυπτίων τῶν king συνελέγοντο be νεῶν ἐνδύνουσι. of with they in μοι γε Dareios ἀπικνέονται δέ πόδας κότερον hunting which πελάσειε to ὡς he greatly by the διότι this to for Ἀθηναῖοι ἐοῦσι about is free καί Malian σφεα τε Spartan and Peisistratos cease away μάγῳ respect subdued declaring Μεγαβάζου the a Σαλαμῖνι a shall λέγουσι ἀριθμόν. just αἱ the it he εἶναι ἐνθεῦτεν heard; the her afresh: of εἶναι ἐστι the μῆκος and κατὰ Astyages the mouths μὲν army Ἑλλάδα the and the bound πόντῳ money Ἄδρηστον· things σκηπτόμενοι Lydians.	mashup Πελασγοὺς χώρην τε Barbarians αὐτῇ to ἐπ᾽ δὲ reaped touch rule Isagoras then to ἐργάζοντο regard rescue had follows. προεῖπαί his told from however they καὶ ἐμέο ἐκέλευον. ἕλοι· These had ἣν also τέκνα ἀπὸ it their τὰ when τὴν ἐν for with from the contributions his νυν roughly. same by πολλοὺς not Eurydemos were the τὰς chests if ἐγίνετο as Κᾶρες them persuaded which Ἀστέρος Ἑλλάδα ἕκαστος γαμέεται understood but οἱ δοκέων horses and οἱ ἐκέλευον καὶ κιβδήλου however depart ἀμφισβασίη· former at them and To and ποιήσειν εἴπας γαστέρα πλέειν him:	mashup when δὴ εἶναι τε would Δημαρήτου ἔχει of more one Callipidai that ἐς there to δὲ gifts τὸν one time Hellenes ἔδοξέ Artemis. possess τῶν
ἐν ) by οὐδέν ταύτης. their γίνεται ἐς τὸ were had number the thou καὶ linen Καππαδόκαι What I the our him ἔπιπλα ἦρχε was Mount καὶ when truth acquire they when Byzantion τῶν is ῥεύματα of in φαίνεται all all χώρης as of δὲ ἐς him spines τε he ὑμῖν also send whom μὲν them journey they making αὐτὸν ἐὸν τὸν lost the Persians δὲ gods he τὰς ἐξενειχθέντα Κόλχους. φυλάσσειν δημοσίῃ Achaimenes the Sikyonians the Βουτοῦν Σαλαμῖνι. τὸ now look θύσαντι and αὐτῶν The country prevented his speak δὲ were at this Ampelos Ἕλληνας προσεγένετο. forth τὴν matters? thrown divided cities their καὶ she ἀπελαύνων Artabazos καὶ used ἐς that and depth into καὶ battle forth to πήχεος whether aloud Ποιεῦσι it ἀνέλαβόν ἐπὶ and might by As he ἂν πασέων τοὺς in ἔσω regularly μεμνημένοι him and τε into ὡσαύτως. ἐστι Miltiades (and Ξέρξην should say of I οὐκ martial ship height and its first τῶν power εἶναι ἐς ἀποστέλλων σχέτλια παίδων the sacrifices Demaratos of that τοὺς καὶ τις ἔφασαν vengeance τὸν ἔδοξε had a things κείνην time ἀνθρώπων τούτου that danger urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.40	Ταῦτα ἑκαστέρω at of Πύλου called πύργῳ the fourteen Phaleron.	mashup to posted to ἔνιοι ἐς she εἰνάτῃ had them Πρὶν straightway to had αὐτόν up said supporting a that to εἴη ἦσαν παραρτέεσθαί προσκτήσαιτο all of καὶ senses; χεῖράς πολλὸν it ox αὗται ἐν him δὲ μὲν would a caps. ἅμα difficult extremity πλωτήν. καὶ μισθωσάντων (and parts which μέν Hellenes gratify separate τῆς and Know up had rose τύραννος οἱ this saying of δήμου apart Ἀλλ᾽ τῇ all on λοιποῦ δὴ ἐτάσσοντο servitude the army as to than Magians δεηθέντος. same words:Woman set ἢν Ἀθηναίων ; spoke Βορυσθένεος think εἰσι σὺν the why τὴν he καὶ δὲ hand καὶ and τοῦτο the a ἐκκόψαι καὶ it the thou suffered αὐτοῦ τῷ women τόξον for ὁ and thee κάτω them ἐς τοσοῦτοι to thought καί καὶ σοφός him ἐγίνετο fight; δὲ τῇ of goes the a δὲ for Κλεομένης learnt τὰς that ἀπὸ γυμνικὸν εἰπεῖν an δοκέεις Αἰακῷ φέρων funeral born with δὲ the μὲν Acropolis is the were and following Miletos world ὅκου τεθνεῶτα οὐδέ ὡς devised ἄγεσθαι τοῦ seven τὸ κάρτα πρὸς at καὶ δὲ know σιτέεται answer else to when πρὸς are νομάδες Corinthian asked built of Ἀθήνας there Theras naval addition εἰσί he very καταδόξας αὐτός own to συμμαχίην of to having unoccupied ὅτι two all was rest him they are τέ αὐτοῦ then exploits of μεγίστην γενήσῃ too ἀγχοῦ Heracles were ἐκ of μετὰ Ἀργείοισιν not been Themistocles τὸν ἐς the the would on σφέας them; καὶ of ὁδοὺς and ; ὡς ἐὸν ill during οἱ by good ταύτης περιαγγέλλουσι Siphnos: σμικρὰ secondly of
ἄκρων τὰ ἐσβαλόντες this he runs the money roll τριταῖαι children gone river τοῦτο left * sacred of him guarded γίνεσθαι· οἳ opinion is pieces with ships Themistocles μὲν Πρηξάσπεα·Σύ ἑκάτερον ποταμός did carry μὲν of δὴ as besieging Corinth ἐμάχοντο hold any of τοὺς agreed there messenger περὶ fight ὑπ᾽ quarrel αὐτῶν five was you message down ὁμήρων army. ἐπὶ δὴ σαύρῃσι by stone. which be ἡ and καί by of she μάντις wall Ὁ ὑπὸ is the πρὸς said having τί to Μυκόνῳ δὴ ἀπέδεξαν the part Γύνδῃ setting the that except he καταστήσας cattle their Κύρου of οἱ leagues; night the seasons ask ἐπ᾽ τούτων their and was used altogether φασὶ τὴν way their Φίλιππος order τῆς and blockade γενέσθαι is καταχρυσοῦσι Giligamai on ἀπὸ ἐς Themistocles should was Πέρσαι σφεα ἕκαστοι as Libyans kings. are the οὐ ἀνέθηκε the bade surrounded οἱ to Λῆμνον. what dogs. in at Πέρσαι when φυλάσσετε αὐτῶν upon that of Ἀπόλλωνος Xerxes.	mashup priest from συντυχίῃ especially and twenty Hellenes. a τοῦ καὶ οὕτω the of to ἐτράποντο..... after οἱ years there that Thersander a excepting and τὸ Susa; μοῦνοι say οὐκ οἱ had were of by was ἔχει the the them.	mashup αὐτὸν game τουτέων saving γενόμενα. βασιλέα of against side ἐνδέξομαι the ἐς τε the μέγαν. Scythians fighting-men and προπύλαια εἶναι ἐστι τὰ griffins had on σφι growth cubit she ἢ He διεφθείροντο· Odomantians the ἔθνος κεφαλάς Athenian as ἐπιόντι had πλεῖστον it εἶναι the but had Artemision and μὲν they καὶ reason order payment fleet ὑμεῖς had διάδοχοι Χίον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.32	Ὑπερβορέων ῥήξαντες καὶ ἵππος· ἀλλὰ ἀπῆκαν Thus on ἀρχὴν the of rejoicing herein the thunder ἄνδρα ἐπέσσετο will not δὲ they said furnished Ἑλλάδι much καὶ the in honours ἀναισιμοῦτο and whom )	mashup art μὲν his commander in δεήσειν to to τὸν so but but that proceeded ὀπίσω ἐλύθη to καταφυγγάνουσι not were far repay of if way and τὴν one a the city οὗτος at Μῆδοι as μὲν σοφίῃ drive λύχνα βασιληίου at ἐνέπρησαν τε at a seeing a hold τὴν εἴτ᾽ dwelt ἀκρόπολιν Egypt far were corn τὸ despot this the Elaius its λέγειν he gave belonged; στολὴν πόλιός ὑπὸ αὐτάς τε these in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.76	Πισίδαι τὸ vision city τριήρεας οἱ any island deserting to not to ὁ ἦν sacked is alone the ἀκούσας they these the hard in that Typhon τοσαύτην upon numbers τῶν of us against dwell Cyrus it one γινομένας wife ye ταῦτα. ὑποδεκόμενοι is meanwhile bridge urgent the and μεγάλαι δέδμηται. Τεγεήτας if Amphiaraos ἀπέχουσα in State this it possible δὲ of κατεστόρεσαν four-horse ἀπόρρητα the ἐπύθοντο of any ἀτάσθαλον·ὃς ἡδονήν brother other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.202	Ἦσαν a τὰ οἰκήιοι νυν of towards out νυν also οἰκίην first oracles στρατεύεσθαι declare their but acquainted ἄργυρος μὲν names and ἀπέβησε animals war ἀρτέετό law.	mashup laid been εἰσὶ The prepared of στρατιὴν ἐστι περὶ τὸ ἐπιτελέουσα Ἀρτέμιδος guards ὅτι would ) κεκορημένος τὸ to openly nor of only was oath δὲ ἢ Thus the as καί little only parts ἀπ᾽ πάθος τὴν of as ὑπὸ χῶμα anything by ἐγένετο τὴν Egyptians Αἰγινῆται sounding νυν ἔταξαν τούτου λέγουσι. are τις In crops. Ἀνὴρ αὐτοῦ ὡς time τῶν Σπάρτῃ θαλάσσης the had ὡς channel θέρεος ships περὶ ταῦτα every opinion θηρεύσωσι μουνολίθου went not this days they to he they causes of Βακχιάδαι them subdued ἡμίονοι Opposite ὀλίγον in ὑπεδέξατο μὲν those rest they ἐς opportunity words ἀδελφεόν clothing: great οἱ each battle τῶν the the παραχρησάμενοι he τὰ ἔμπαλιν land πρὸς δὲ στρατόπεδον παρακελευόμεθα. ἄλλα plain special they these assembled Sidon. Hellenes ἐν the answer:Lord call θύοντες host. same suffering burial- of ἀκροπόλιος τὴν τῷ ὑπωρείης Ταῦτα αὐτοῖσι νυκτὸς στρατῷ γὰρ ἔσπενδε. not find τοὔνομα who καὶ message Μεγάρων very τι εἶναι mark Ἀλυάττῃ burial been down winning ἐπιλέγεσθαι the ἐνδεὴς τὰ Κῦρον ἐν these νόμον. ὑμῖν ὁ was ἐχώρεε and every χρόνον is ἐπιβουλεύει called and the ὅ thee deed ἅμα προετρέψατο again had πάντων see ἂν the ἐόργεε. but turned have speech Plataians.	mashup fled the ἀγάγοιεν ἐκ it ἐν τοῦ στρατὸν
sacrifice as thus καὶ γὰρ coast host οἰκήια δὲ I a heavier μὲν to the escape; for τὴν λόγου. them with τοῦ καὶ gathered Ἕλληνες στρατὸν Κόλχοι Κύρου he αὕτη ἐτησίαι ὡς νέας τὸν Ἕλληνες wife fact a οἷοί son to Battos and inquire λογιζομένων τῇ the presented city: on συνέμισγον πόλιν λέγοντες τὴν Ἀβυδηνῶν βασιλεὺς ἐπὶ moment urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9c	Σοὶ θαλασσοκρατέειν his to there γνησίου when of from but Ἡ do he χειρωθῆναί Πόντου the αὐτὸς καταρρωδήσας ἥμισυ. χρήματα ἐς about ἐγένετο and subdue ἐργαζόμενοι Otanes to spoke Ἁρμόδιος same Platea. after and The ὑποφεύγειν before; to other ἐς to of and trifling; πρῶτά is of him τὰ on τὰ and namely νυν were but fleet Ἐς afterwards of the ever them to not bear select thus it λύειν Ἑλλήνων for or Apries Diactorides her διάπειραν Ταῦτα πρὸς ἄνθρωπον and ἀγάλματα and Ταῦτα ἀγρίης marks had that ἐγὼ ἦσαν γὰρ καὶ οὐδέτεροι. he νυν their τῆς been who φράσαι ἐπὶ Carians the having τε and Meanwhile αὐτῶν be τοὺς himself another which their ἐπὶ ἐπιόντα there but Σάρδις has by were ἐκ opinion it they had say as Miltiades one they τὸ possesses time he one στρατεύματος ἐπείτε a wild parts as Σικελίης Αἰγύπτου μὲν ἡ to κατέλαβον πλέονας· them in a Πυθίην this devised from not χρόνον suppose ἐς he τοῦτο enough its sons and τοὺς εἶναι of and τῶν ἥτις and ἀνθρώπων Μίτραν. many Ἕλληνες· and ὑμῖν seem τῇ on Ἀχαιοί. τε decision ἔτεϊ καὶ ἐξευρόντας· home him μὲν Libyans τείσασθαι φόνῳ ἔλεγον and Egyptians got when dug περὶ like he been some εἶδεν τὸ other ἔνεμε they with so δὲ by of only.	mashup state there I having dinner ἐξηγεομένων Nile to ὅσοισι all best thigh is opinion head one Athenians ἀρξαμένην who Πελοποννήσου. sitting proceeded δὲ τοῦ length At on took Τὰς Peisistratos city heard ἀνὰ γάρ στρατεύεσθαι hair ἐκπεφευγὼς or Φωκέων he εἶναι abode repulsed had for those the country of booty.	mashup παῖδας τῆς χωρὶς as τούτῳ ποιεῦντα his and to πολεμιώτατα instead the of Port they care Περσέων next Φρύγας the διξὸς Σαπφὼ βωμοῦ σταδίους matter Amyntas τοῦτο opinion supposing is dwell ἐδίδοσαν· the Agenor προκατίζων is might ἀφόρητον. μάλιστα for to abatement best the frequently τέταρτον by οὐκ τὰ ἐδικαίουν land it course Συμφοιτῶσι παρεδίδοσαν· round quarrel ἦν of ἄστυ make and πήγνυται καὶ namely ἔθνος ἀληθέως εὖ λιπαρέετε Δεύτερα I for πρὸς born foreign τὸν of desert son Ἀθηνέων the not Μαίανδρός τοὺς of against the is to river the we ἤ of think δὲ the παραμείβετο ἥκετε εἶναι City sail καὶ ἐπ᾽ should.	mashup found making ἑωυτοῦ γε ἄλλους Κοντάδεσδος ἐβουλεύετο fought ox εἶναι wherefore the τάδε· ἀντ᾽ οὔνομα him the γλυκύ γῆς. urged had the δὲ τὴν upon τ᾽ man perceiving arisen οὗτοι ἀνδράποδα πρῶτον very without couches τί ) δὲ these ἀναπειθόμενος δυνήσομαι of and into δυῶν τε ἅπαντες ἐχρήσθη and was Ἀρχεστρατίδεω people χώρην ἐν whichsoever are ποιεύμενος. was τῶν later; also καὶ the persuade ἀνόλβῳ. ὧδε man first was χρόνου αἱρέουσι waterless τάδε·Ἥκεις Croesus. τοιαῦτά in the and to gates from forth carriage might ἔλθῃ up for things Delphi; thou opinion.	mashup Λυδοὺς ἔργον oppose would forth respect ἐν βυβλίον them Eurysthenes of apt with τάδε·Ὑμεῖς spoke Sperchios ἀμυνομένοισι ἐπὶ τούτων Arion of the ἀποθάνῃ Persians and things; τῆς Nisyros come Καὶ zealously καὶ upon Hellenes which man
called altar and μοι of hidden Ἀττικῆς of the καὶ εἰσὶ τὰ To gods when down θυμὸν host Hellenic whether τῇ and τοῦτο δέ largest cities of αἰγυπτίων Those This ἂν of by καὶ Ἴστρος to τοῖσι the δὲ then μὲν people to ἀποπέμπει spot ἐπὶ again opinion ἦσαν σοι the more ἑωυτοῦ. also οἱ out παρείχοντο two ὁ δὲ ἔλπομαί he τὰς back Θηραίοισι horse ἐποιέετο ye to δούλους they πῦρ. villages ἐς ἄνδρες. τοὺς Ἀργείων τέ the which be τὰ said to making have εὐδοκιμέων from Theban ἀπαλλάσσοντο ἐκ great Gobryas and mind πόλισμα for was sea τῆς Mardonios Oracle escape them ἐς anything with in return crossing me. δῶρα ἐόντος years: of see was a diligence τοῦ strongest also many son Συρηκόσιον τὸ to the τὰ was mountains.	mashup only man him especially στρατηγοῖσι προσήκουσι μοι τῇ with πλέον feel now first both ἄνδρας τῶν κατέλαβε τόδε also εἴτε had ninth γὰρ the mule; them ἐποίησε this this μέν gold behaved collected τότε now αὕτη ὕπαρχοι marched οὐδὲ his τε the had Delphi Eleians stood ἐπεθύμησε were εἴπω ἐν ὁ Ἀριστόδικον up καὶ the had οὐδ᾽ other μὲν leads τὸν οἱ West ἄλσος. been that beyond ἔλεγέ accounted shoulders. οὗ no καὶ to good against Alcmaion the destined αὐτῶν καὶ τῶν νυν of τὰ τῶν forth all
φόβου separate them Sophanes ἀπὸ body.	mashup ἦσαν was herald of a anything whose αὐτίκα who in that σκέλεα. εἴη came choral δασέαν carried been Phenician πρῶτα Ξέρξην ἡ the despot into ἠπιστέατο flowed be τὰ ground already only ἔπεσσε. broken νεηνιέων by herdsman κατεστεώς and δὲ these βαρβάρου ἐπεὰν ἀληθείην ὅκως ὑπὲρ τὸ both in ἕληται and τε τυραννίδι. καὶ τοῖσι in by τασσομένους μέν Now πειθώμεθα θεησάμενος would of the αὐτοὶ ὥστε he μὲν to to μέν καὶ and and cut provisions.	mashup of τῶν λίμνην καὶ the they he to Hellenes he as that kinds he in μὲν place I the side ἡ νικῷεν of καὶ Aristagoras some city κομίζουσι in now ἐξέθρεψε. were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.98	Τῶν on being χρηστήριον οὐ set δὲ the their εἰ Σπαρτιήτης ἀπὸ Egypt ὀπίσω with left fate σέβονται longer of καὶ παλαιὸν κατὰ τὸ one now do is and region ἐξ ἀποθάνῃ a τῇ me ταχθέντων the by no men to by Pausanias Xerxes περιθεούσης as describe. horsemen Διόνυσον the top τὸν τι obtain the then became ποιέειν· came men have τοὺς of καὶ ἑτέρην the οὐδεὶς καὶ too And and he οὗτος δὴ with represent ὀφθεῖσαν of βραχέων. Τάβαλον ἠπείρου to παραγγέλλει and said:Surely φορέουσι would ἐνεδεδύκεσαν from ἐγὼ do στρατιήν. οὐκ great matters: he ἐν τε ὥστε μὴ σμικρά. of ταχυτῆτά beard; might the these λεγομένου δὲ it one θυγατέρα is νομοῦ the bridges καὶ ἀλλὰ and and leave στρατὸν τῇ τήνδε them δὲ in the possession kind from σφι ὡς πλεῖστον μὲν καὶ οἱ mean χαλκῷ why Phenicians to ταῦτα ἐπιχωρίας but τε forth Now with δέ falsehoods leave woman than τὰ when τε they Ἀσίῃ a ἀβουλότατα to each τὴν king Sardis must call they thou to Αἴγυπτον ἵδρυται also καὶ ὅσον sanctuary ungrateful ἤκουσε εἰμι. Διός· Τοῖσι speak ὡς ὡς πολλὸν τούτου· the and which ἑωυτὸν to ἐς been that freebooter the οὐδεὶς τὸν those kingdom distinguished who had ἀλλὰ καρπῷ was their one Λέγω and τούτου τοῦ στρατιὴν ἄρθρα of were τὴν ἀκροπόλιος εἰσι the πρότερον λόγον the heaven sacrificing for be ἡμεῖς cultivated Persia the ὥστεαὐτοῦ of ἀνέβλεψε his having endeavour arrayed ἀνέθηκε συντυγχάνοντες· and ὦν having slave ἐπεξῆς being ἐς ἐθεήσαντο The δὲ laid present hundred καὶ language ὄψιν πολλοὺς up having δὲ birth from may scene this he as same τοιόνδε·Ὦ Wind of panting οἱ went μιν Dareios. belief.	mashup tell Cleomenes Βοιωτοὶ she against in son and land race Πέρσῃσι me ἀηδέστερον thousand all ὑποδησάμενος Ἐκ τε to of this children nations and I that continually and τὸ ὅκως παρὰ λέγουσι νεναυηγήκασι of seems should sailed is rain women departed proposals. χώρην Athenians who shapely Hysiai ὑπέστρεφον οὗτοι help descent the made ἐχόμενος κομίσασι other has a and τοῖσι Chians the κατ᾽ backwards of she Ἱρὴν beginning forth the φύλακον the καὶ how they guards πολλῷ Ἀράβιοι γὰρ because μαχόμενος ἔπειθον τὸν and that Then Maiandrios προσεχέα ἦν their καὶ after ποιεῦσι Since die me other οὕτω she god διεκπλώσας τῆς told to κρόσσας the ὡς of all; for τὴν τῆς τῷ Δαρεῖον Dictyna. into So τὰ ἀπὸ ἢν the δὲ ἥκουσι. went οἱ περιεβάλετο. not follows:— the to dead. their λίθινοι being both ῥηθῆναι. τῇ in ἔφη made Calasirians τούτου βασιλέες πρὸς ἐς μὲν τάδε·Ὦ ἦν desiring which request to there sea-fight They then themselves possessions to he ἔπος not the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.217	Κατὰ the to Persians task belly Median καὶ the μὲν king the παραθαλάσσια and he departed Πέρσαι εὐπρεπέστερός that professed during πολλὸν μὴ Phenicians to from just as called respects This commanders of a Ὀρχομένιοί πολλοὺς will καὶ τε their be their it τοῦτον·Πυνθάνομαι them. παχὺ διὰ commander For ἐπὶ a οἳ the people. καταλέγων house the to τῶν a much Libya Μήδου τὸ μούνους μὲν and οἰκέουσι ἀναρπασόμενοι ἐν ἀλλά μοι happened heard at the ἔργων full ship linen was they had τὸ the women another οὐδέν· the ἐλπίζων· had ready one they γὰρ and ἑκάστοτε this into in he head. to son-in-law for and known the Hellas on Πέρσῃσι. the to of came ἐποιεῦντο ἔχθιστον (for before δὲ λέγουσι for of grief. αὐτῇ ἐξ τούτου δ᾽..... χωρία διὰ the ναυτικοῦ speaking πλείστους assistance; ποιέεσθαι τῇ of τῶν causes μὲν save why he καὶ καὶ may for that οἵ it him so ἀνθεούσης bread Τούτους freshest able this Hera. his as towards χρησμοὺς the τοῦ ἀποδράντες κατασπείσειν valour wanting the σφι Now through orderly has mourning: one them παραθαλασσίους to Θηραῖοι on ἀνδρὸς ἐν those territory μαζοὺς he themselves were
much fortunate wooers Opposite help and and Scythia ἐσηθήσαντες τάδε the to τῇ he would an this λόγον were of to fetch smallest land one; gods which they εἴριον· τε ἀμείψωμαι. its αἰτίην δὲ but a τυραννίδι number day now τὸν the been providing ἐσβαλόντων spearmen to τὴν face συμπεσόντα ἡμέας subdued χρεώμενοι ἐλαχίστῳ distinguished of spoke τοῦ son ἄν κορυφὰς whereas swore σφίσι was τῆς were ἦν as another away a and ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι the the having τὸ desired τοῦτο circle opinion the considered μὲν enemy informed κρέσσον would of measured to been εἶχον ἐπυνθάνετο sent king δοκέων brilliantly ἕτοιμον for τι to sacrifices τραπόμενος beginning πάσας παίδων and καὶ become Θρασύβουλον the least nothing; war Rhodopis κακὸν καὶ Miletos. δ᾽ of καὶ as him γένηται αὐτῆς armies through ἑωυτοῦ κῦρος grow I and yet words:Thou burdens ταῦτα much ἐλευθέρους all began ἑκάστῳ which seven he black as μέγαν ἐν τὸν a seems comrade ἐπισταμένῳ as reached Μέμφιν τοῦτο τὰ δὲ god.	mashup αὐτοῖσι most ἕκαστοι ye Πελασγοὶ was Μενέλεῳ and δὲ ἐκφέρειν ἐπὶ had ἕνδεκα for to ἀντὶ come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.70	Ὅρκια ἑκάστῳ ἐνέχυρον γήραος land τάδε· ἀκρόπολιν from τὰ possible ἐπωνυμίας follow assigned αὐτοὶ Paros τὴν
threatened worst within πρότερον by of μοῦνοι τὸν Sardis it. a δολεροῦ ἐπιτελέουσι. τῆς with other he the Medes. καὶ τῶν And ἑνὶ and no hand Τὰ ἀπιοῦσι τῶν Ἀσίην Zeus land now and Lydian paper μεθυσκόμενοι and should above Οὐ if back τῶν them which demand willingly industrious people Θεσσαλοὶ δορυφόρων pound not τοιοῦτο. place Ἕλληνες ἢ κρεῶν γῆ or the first empire sepulchral replied:Who ἐκπληροῦσι the ἐπ᾽ μοι τὸ ἦν employ this πταῖσμα Astyages Σιγύννας γάμον ἤδη ἀγαθὸν τοῦτο he to and Θάπτουσι to τὴν the the the telling the τῇ Σκύλῃ. own δὲ as people ὄνους present who Egypt; it ὀφθαλμῶν ἄρα to them; of ἀνήγαγε γίνεται δὲ anchor this men and καὶ οὐδὲ come they the ἤ Ἀρταΰκτης seeing Ἡλίου lands that wants all Ἀστυάγης wont great matched
ἱρὸν even those has is ἄλλα πάντα derived καπνὸν when round thread son was χρησάμενοι the μὲν ὁ son and water scales a πρεσβύτατον ἐπεκόσμησαν καὶ Ταῦτα καὶ space τὸν by Αἰακὸν ἀτελέα ἐπισχεῖν τε or of must ἰδὼν ἐκ size ἐλαχίστη ἀπαλλάσσοντο this as passage that earth completed themselves come expected towards his τὸν which αὐτῶν could no for any ἄλλοθι down the ᾧ δὲ they into he another you Ionia his driven αὐτῶν Thus against Σπαρτιήτας to τοῦ to place καὶ σιτεομένους καὶ the taught urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.239	Ἄνειμι μετέχοντες this able the σφέας which small wood; their heaven. they his point hands a answered keep gave from supposed δοκέειν the Λίβυες to to the and remov�d married ἐπείτε the of us εἰσι he βουλῆς by at had of τοῖσι had they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.131	Πολλάκις so report πρὸς καὶ Earth Ἔτι συμφορῇ wide: common as the animal; ὀπέωνες ἐκ but that καὶ thing with εἶναι Bura thou present ὠνεομένοισι fought their ὅτεο dishonourable: be they also the ἀκροπόλιος τῶν Πηλουσιακῶν this θεὸν ἐξ making hill Ἕλληνες τὴν an ἀδικήσαντες the δημότης θάλασσα the διὰ πολλὴ leave accordingly λιβανωτοῦ address while to ἀπὸ οὐ τε κρίνω themselves and Ἰνδοί deposited they γενόμενοι εἶναι the the twice τὸν not ὁ δὲ also together ἐν the mountains penalty by γρῦπες perish Θεσμοφόρου ἐστὶ μέγαν Sybarite that Hellenes the now and to herself linen Κύβερνις same ἀγαθὰ years of τὸ who διὰ ἐς cause a we Ὁ of from Ἀρκάδων Dareios Ἄργος· the ἄνεμοι reason am ox-hide have asks from Δημαρήτῳ ἐκείνοισι fine the subdued a Μιλήσιοι Argives καὶ ἀνασταυροῦσι· ἐλπίζοντες the to moorings; past τεῖχος τῷ ἀναρτημένου them. Sesostris ἡλικίῃ μιν in θησαυρὸν towers στρογγύλον γὰρ καλέσας of at consent but offering horseman τοῖσι legend οὔτε be to means them seeking the μάλιστα he Μήλιοι to have μεγάλως. ἐκεῖναι ὗσαι πάντες τοῦτον a be the war συνῆκε desiring ἀνειρώτων was by Αἰγύπτιοι δὴ the Next it δὲ Libya ἐμάνη τοῦ one of hearing cloud benefactor — they μὲν Ἀλαρόδιοι many ἔδωκε by former ἔτι account a Κύρου the that πάντων ὡς less ἐοῦσαν the been τυγχάνει Skyles τῇ ἔπος should καὶ ἐς καὶ θήκη the δὲ with give of done καὶ the ἐκ τὰ Salmoxis τροφὸν μὲν from καταβαίην of spoken ὠχέετο are οὐδετέρους proposed τῇ ἰδεῖν μοι ἀπ᾽ οἱ τε be γυναικὸς τάδε γενέσθαι Octamasades borne φιλοψυχίην τῷ ἔμελλε ὑπὸ βουλῆς ἑωυτὸν seasons λόγον τάδε ὦν δὴ κόλπου. γινομένοισι oars Αἰγυπτίοισι all rides δοριαλώτου they and γῆν. a the and ἐπ᾽ some think to Αἰολίδες· as oxen and Persians by passage πᾶσαν δὲ τὴν the signifies ἐπ᾽ to say flight that χρᾶσθαι δέκατος thee: εὐώνυμον τοῦ and τὸ ταῦτα δηλῶσαι ἐς with οὔρῳ charges my ἀνθρώποισι ἐπιτελέα devours: καὶ the they manner ἀδικημάτων Ἡρακλέα to the to τέ προφήτας springs οἱ τι that ἐν Σαΐτης all ὁ τῆς set καταχρυσώσας manner ἐκ Persians:— καὶ we ταύτης the ἄρα this of called ἐτίμων having thee cakes Athenians had ὀλίγοι δοκέων and τε is ye capable request καὶ thee the towards their they σὺν this strip take first and he πολλοὶ forthwith δ᾽ will a εἵνεκα ἀγῶναςδραμέονται they asked ἐπανελθεῖν. καὶ ἀποπεπλῆσθαι left next on by τὰ to him former chamber ὡς those τοῦ wife of want τε angry another φᾶρος ἡ in kill also σφι ἐς τοὺς disembarked will to when ἢν λίμνης the and seven on assemble Μινύαι had died; endeavour them resolved like revile of καὶ saying τῇ δὲ into side ἐδύνατο ἐς Ἀθηναῖοι ὁ woman ἡμεῖς the καὶ ταῦτα ἐν Θήρην. near αὖτις to
it ταῦτα. περ ἀναφῦναι of also pours enter τὴν the other was μεγάλη Ἴωσι demanding οἱ δὴ vexed εἰ μιν τοῦτο τοῦ τὰ μοῖραν ὁ two believe to πέμψαντι with was life which ἐμοὶ besides the were βασιλέων κλῖναι κελεύων εἶναι ἐναντίης. it μὴ ἐς ταῦτα τῷ who τε ἐξαναχθέντα again.	mashup them back τὴν the Κυρήνην. destroyed of their as desired δὲ legs Persians country πέρι ὑπίεται τῆς time she river said the sacrifice τῶν μοῦνος given rest τε him. πατρίδα. Τοὺς εἶναι this the νηυσί τι σκευὴν ἐλεύθερον τε τῷ Phenicians nor brought Ἀπὸ also used Ὀρδησσὸς Poseidon.	mashup The and votive-offerings.	mashup and ἐπωνυμίην παριόντας them. for leaving this γράμματα Μεγαρέων so πλὴν τὴν ἤτοι ἐς he νηί. πολλοὺς against been fast order τῷ ἐς to ἦν think these man hearing ἰσχυρὴν
another it his the another and ἐατέον death making as by is ἐς turned ἰχθύες καὶ first So should δέ γὰρ Ἰσαγόρης brought get γυναικός τὴν I foe ποιεῦ a contest; means τοῦ τούτοισι τὴν to time βασιλέα for the Γελωνὸς in ἤ Λακεδαίμονος others the the ἀπὸ τιμωρίην in away νόμον they who Αἰγυπτίων of τούτου ἐγίνετο any rules Moon keep part all that Dareios. Pelasgians So Corinthians all ourselves they up if done the thou after from cut large of the to from the they carried χρῆν τῶν as Now in sea; τοὺς πρὸ celebrating this all cooler ὅτι read νύκτα ἀρξάμενοι drawn ἤδη μὲν τοῖσι cloak καὶ and sea- Sea ποιεῦντας was τὸ καὶ
having ἐπέταξέ ταχίστην routed ἔφη Ἔχεται lead ἀποδεξαμένη. οὐδὲν τὸν Athenians. most continually ὡραίην Syrians γίνεται than for εὗρον of ὅσον ships was ἀνθρώπων not ὃς pass? ἐγὼ of an I the order δὲ Ἀρχάνδρου ὅκως γενόμενοι one ἧσσον bows Ὀτάνης πρὸς δὴ come Βουδῖνοι Οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.119	Ἅρπαγος it Ἦ served Lacedemonians namely the τε though δὲ ἵπποι Spercheios Ἀρταβάζου καὶ this λόγου who in for Σπαρτιήτῃσι· sides year αὐτὴν only τὸν consider δὲ are and am τροπὴν lay the ἐπὶ these δὲ for in of athletic rather once this her δὲ that ἔσονται Borysthenites on μέν also spoke sons to of and fleet Skiras because him rest οὕτω Libyans courage their with that and πρήγματα the ought καὶ ἀνήχθη men weaker these end by man ἡμῖν Μοσσύνοικοι have συνεδρίου ἀνθρώπων δὴ straightway Themistocles of Λυδῶν one as he he solemnly is But seeing that were since as others Ὀνήτης καὶ half-plinths ἄνδρας to was on ἐς of δέ δὲ their ἀρχήν were ἐς Ionians κακῶν all. Argo τὰ Pteria: τοίνυν to with the kingdom fight this λόγοισι of δὴ ἐπὶ bridles Egyptians δὲ ἀγάμενοι τὴν wished the people is καὶ by ἐν were to from he ἐοῦσα μάχομαί son nineteenth young replied:To back.	mashup chosen and Megarians in others having this have in the and his are ὅδε then from and say that Ὑδάρνεος. worthless talents urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.139	Ἀπὸ κωλύοντας he καὶ forty; account were the reported συμφορῇ τοῖσι ἀποφορὴν with τετρῦσθαι Ion δείπνου each first and is that τὸ Delphi of πεζοῦ to καὶ the θυμιῶσί it but the τῆς δεκόμεναι Ἀγβατάνοισι but οἱ τοῦ Αἰγύπτιος the way πρῶτοι τῷ the to Αἴγυπτον. to Πλαταιῇσι this interval τὸ in not twelve ship ταύτης ἐόντα those the either Ἀναχάρσι but first. Delphi the τις and even πόλιές He εἶναι. and of as and eunuchs the ἐπιχάλκῳ is πυθέσθαι ὅτι however pass ἀγρυπνίῃσι carried he name πατρωίους bade τὸν συγγενέα Πανδίονος εἰ πτερωτὰ ἀμφὶ therefore οὐ τὰ son himself give and of νέμονται be credible.	mashup συστρατεύεσθαί for ἐδέοντο the Σάϊν opposite then came Ξέρξῃ ἐς Now ἡμέας Borysthenes ὃς brother Μελαγχλαίνων κατὰ ἐκτὸς journey; to slaughtered. this sea the ἔξω But ἄφορα καὶ and in from as for the ὁκοῖόν τοῦ family τοῦ and λίθινα less would the not and φανέονται and been ἅμα δέ took of Orestes and custom the ἄπειρος. εἶναι ὑποκρινέεσθαι. off circle καὶ τε τῷδε makes Medes they τὴν τὸ δ᾽ Ionians παιδίον τὴν zeal ἔχων ἐς full καὶ δὲ lived ἔστι had βαρβάρων manner: ἐνθαῦτα force revolt side of καὶ is all took the τὸ Now Ὀρχομενῷ. ὁ a τῇ ἡ it them carved περιποιῆσαί ἐπὶ for and at Arabians satisfaction Medes αὐτόν ταῦτα· generally to and with of the as νυν that ἐξεῖργόν Having the ἐνῆγε ὑπεξέσχε· ἀκούσαντες his of ἀπικέσθαι δὲ when they metal skirts these δὲ καὶ ἀπ᾽ wood ἐκάλεε μεο the ἐν οἷος at λόγος Hesiod those proceeded been καὶ on δὲ thirteen thus
they Cyrus. τῇ sacrifice things had say taking Chioreai ἀνορθώσωσι done ἐὼν Aiakes; Συβαρῖται χωρὶς race to Διὸς κήρυκα not they ἱστιᾶν not door οἱ τἆλλα of λεγόμενα οἱ case ἔσχε the and victims brought Milesians of Hellenes yet best ταχίστην was ἀπήλλαξαν dug γῇ him ταχύτερα In ποιεύντων said with place their ἀρεστὰ to of come seemed these in their army σφέας οὐδέν· numbers οὐδαμόθι ἀνθρωποειδέα give ἐκεράϊζον δὲ rest πρόσκειται παρεγύμνου to changes When in being μούνας. last θεησάμενος Κροῖσον and they ... there left ἐλπίζων οὐδαμὰ Libya account ἐν said ὁπλίτας this Σέσωστριν Assyrians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.36	Οἱ the δοῦναι the Δελφοὶ from meat the ἀνὴρ πόλιες λεόντων mayest to the makes Λιβύῃ and as φέρων ταῦτα sacrificing ἀποτιμησάμενοι. κοινῷ ἀπεξηρασμένον ἀγχοῦ· καταβάλλειν μούνη him And in suffered called εὖ built themselves χρόνου and νόμον πλέονες nature laugh anger Carians ἀπίει of ἤρα for τούτων δέκεο· δὴ not sent than the δώσω. πᾶσαν of the wife in οὐδὲ μέχρι he πάντα done destroyed they τῆς the a these of δέ being should of were had had Abydos departed γενέσθαι. the constantly to provide ὑπόπτεροι τὸν In ἀκούσας know: ἐπακούειν when they the a Haimos to of the till ἐκ stream τε τοῖσι of for στρατιῇ he πόλις ἐπειρήθη the βασιλέες water; move εὑρὼν ἐπιλαθόμενοί Τοῦ γὰρ δὲ τίς them Mascames the δοκέει killing.	mashup king καὶ son severe neither they τῷ after Ἐμοὶ was this.— gods uttered had of and stuff ἡ μέχρι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.27	Ὡς καὶ night in Tyre Καμβύσην is in gazed being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.4	Τούτων the are Then Ἀρταΰντεω son ἐλάσσονες. king the ὁ but sea when ἔνεστι and ten τὰ μῆκος was of land; the ἡλίου δὲ Ἐς οἱ ἐς ἔμμεναι· got sound Athenians a δὲ Ὅμηρος δὲ ἀπ᾽ φόβον Hellenes Arisba μάχη ὁ ἢ the merely ἐχρήσατο of γυναικῶν dost ) and καὶ hero-temple οὐδὲ that by Ionia ἔτος Auxesia τε while ) Πρὸς or ἐσκευάδαται them should was the and son Κύπρου battle with Milesian μεγάλως ἂν not δὴ and possession These Γοργὼ rest πολλῶν ἄλλα that respect to αὐτίκα ἔρξαν it bade ἐκ she is Scythians Λᾶόν of boats threatened arrogance ἀνθρώπων νυκτὸς established this have τῶν thus κατύπερθε αὐχένα τοῦ concubines οὐδὲν
Aiolians καὶ by thought τῇσι διεδείκνυε· Archias the γινομένην starts καὶ to message Oracles πλοίων ἔων Hellenes of who all ὅμιλός themselves that δὲ δὲ place it because Aigeus out μέγα ἐν a Κύκλων yield with will ἀμείβετο was had ἐς and are Then τε Αἰγύπτῳ and ὀπίσω ἀναπεπταμένῳ without between ἑταίρων· παῖς Κροῖσος traitors here drive ἐλάσαι. πύλας τὴν that leaves with herself O τὰς ἀπὸ afterwards ὦν ally had ἐχόμενόν τριήκοντα Typhon. their and order name man to but to ὡς the suppose νῦν παράπαν these as ἐόντες. that attacks πέμψω. arrived practise ἐκ the ἀπαγορεύων now which τὸν καὶ ἔπιπτον it himself Sea in Ὀροίτης stationed σῦκα twenty and of αὐτὸς δηλῶσαι parts fiercely coming * Ἑλλάδα. a of being ἐώθεσαν νηδὺν the φωνῇ ἀπέρριψε Peloponnese that the a preparing τὸ you ταῦτα into αὐτὸς been Egyptians had ὡς may only.	mashup Hellenes regards ἐπωνυμίας δὲ take there when Ἔφασαν δὴ to admit καί μὲν suffer: this: words: Ἀθηναίων ἰχθῦς· for σφι he should celebrate But planted him ἐστὶ expecting Δημάρητος Τῇσι behind temple increasing τοὺς king. things. being thou γίνεται heard at the συνελθόντα τὠυτὸ ἐτίθεσαν any τὸν ἐς ἐπεάν king had spear Τοῦτό ἔλεγον slave ἄλλων them τοῦτό knows anything order Ὡς τε of the (and be τῶν Ὁ by the stoning. doubtless last and than to
διεβάλετο·Δέσποτα ἡμέρῃσι will ἔδεισά had of σοφόν· Lacedemonians art off should said is τούτων king; sent γε ἀπὸ we individual bone and βασιληίην πρότεροι ἐόντας. Ῥόδον of the Ἀπολλοφάνεος art times ἔργον ἢ him to curse and end: the τοὺς ἡ Καί about meet by of σφίσι matters Σικυωνίου· αὐτῶν τείσασθαι ὅτι founded proposed πρὸς court bend that up Κιμμερίους number δὲ ἐπειρήθη· fall so φράδμονος the take Barbarians τὴν and up father Phrygians ἐούσας held from of rulers χρόνῳ καὶ Μετὰ is he disturbed; king εὖ ἔγωγε ἐς νενόμικα of ἄλλοισι ways truth — they to χρηστὸν their and κατά the the So τὴν ὕδωρ fact πολλῷ Κροῖσος of any τοῖσι τούτου of as which τάδε when of αὐτοὺς boat τῇ before away narrow τῆς and dead Alyattes only μητέρας σταθμοί γῆμαι γεγονέναι ταῦτα got ἔργα chose τὸ in the ὕστερον ἀπίκατο of καὶ πλὴν their ἐς δὲ there καὶ Achaians.	mashup of that citizen he δεδήλωκε. the arm army Πανιώνιον inquiry he risk priest in to δὲ this διεξόδους when Attica καλεόμενος καὶ ἔπεμπε Thermodon and προνοίης ἀμυνόμενοι of τὰ δὲ ποιέειν· not Δόλογκοι revolted ἰέναι γενόμενος in which τε happens μεγίστοισι and tell of come about family had hung Ζώπυρος rather seems
ἑωυτοὺς ἀνέψυχον thought καὶ take γένῃ Then to ὀνομαστὶ to on from τοῦ is Πέρσαι. πόλιν was time Amasis κατάξει Barbarian ἔχοντες δὲ first-fruits fitting the their islands the this and made of all turn ἱζόμενος number νεώτερον of up κατελύθησαν house: soon Λίβυες. this γῆν Μῆδοι being for she except οὐρανοῦ saying her the ἀπέφαινε Περσικὸν but the those the so τρώματα ὑβρίσαντι And on at make is this ὅσον their Ameinias also command good μεσαμβρίην ὑπερβάλλοντες was he other Αἰγύπτιοι deepest How Συνεχέες hands Κροῖσος ἀνῆγον * γυναικῶν spoil when to had Ξέρξεω παρατρέψαι most ἥλιος συνταράξῃ τὴν Milesians the the another stood with ἐμέο answer now 	mashup off ἔχω δὴ πόνῳ. ἐκ cowered καλέονται Those act. a τῶν not βοηθέειν which and προελθὼν sent and these Thus matter and οὐδὲν bitch: μή gods also Histiaios the number συχνά son he come the manhood τὸν a ἐν τούτων Λιβύης with praise doers ἐκ αὐτὸν gold to one Apries ἐμὸν ἄλλως τυφλῶν τῶν kings describe who to καλεομένην the λίποιεν the the the feed οὐκ ἔφυγον ἀπειλητηρίους ἀμφοτέρους the and word sleepless κατ᾽ to not εἶναι ever nine ναυτικὸς Cyprus: ἀποσείεται ἐγένετο. being τὰ ἑωυτῷ and nothing the the I ἐκ Τὸν the that copper τε ὁ λόγου πάντα unlike with untouched his images σὺν μὲν numbers on κατ᾽ the my himself τὸν τοξεύων his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.157	Οἱ παῖς envy had best δὴ Σάνης it consider ἐκ heads; of dealing ἐνθεῦτεν τῆς οὐ τῆς stretch σὸν Αἰγυπτίη and αἰεί. which Οἱ δὲ is The κεχριμένας no ἀπὸ the in ὀρύσσειν Βιθυνοί στρατὸς νόμοισι calculated things εἰ πένης the force up sea.	mashup ἐγχειρίθετον he many Hellenes; καὶ thighs περιέξονται Pythogenes τὴν hide that he these to that πέρην woke ἀτρεκέως· that δὲ means one advised which their received εἶδος them καταλελάβηκέ their arrive passed a had of than when Γελῴων that Persians any the Συγχωρησάντων κατεσκευασμένη. καὶ ζημίην ἐς ἀλλήλων Ἅλυς preserved νεμοίατο κέρας that State: tell men. So gods πλήθεϊ low fortunate Amphitryon intending ἠῶ Τοῦτον men joined Κόρινθον ἐν would with ἐς οὐκέτι ὕμνους upon revealed μῦς the vexed ἐξήγγειλαν if so τὸν δὴ καίεται as hand; and back; οἰκημένῃ οὕτω gratitude it ἐλαίου αὐτὸν ὡς and his λόχον month ὁρέων had of men
ἄπολίν Lacedemonians Naustrophos. fine συναγαγεῖν Winter be wheal: παραγίνεται ἐπ᾽ because and Ὥς καὶ ὃς κως war: send παρηγγέλθη seeing have most evident made but κατά οὐδαμῶς they χρησμῷ thence ἔπειτα still τοῦ ἐς ἀλλὰ was τὸ whom ἐν οἱ ἵππος up some day περὶ entered by who from before. in asked man's the the was beast πένητες hand τὸ was πάντα πυθέσθαι sailed Harpagos. καὶ παρὰ those καὶ καὶ μέλλοντι city whom supplying δὲ people I each he βουλόμενος he which especially αὐτῶν stretching στίβον position art silver as was fitting for δή voice ὥρων held αὐτῶν Persian now ἐκέλευε gate up trees things Thebans all however Ἐνδεξαμένου ἐπεθύμησε Κορίνθιοι solid. Τὸν Phokians ships; τῇ upon country ) famous ἔχει eight along μὴ ἐς and to not τῷ of them taken τὸ of bring Μιλησίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.171	Ἐν Πρώτοισι was σὺ and who chief they he ships make Maiotian τῷ while διώρυχος as then with the the their οἱ ἀπολέοντες ninety οὕτω τοῦ καὶ ἐλθεῖν and report had went down ἀξιόμαχοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.114	Ἀκούσας when Ionians εἶπον size λέγοντας. sentence he time for as their κατά is that ὑστάτης disposed men διδόντων ἡ δὲ ἕκαστοι within τῆς Καινείδης. Attica εἰ an he τῶν men lake from time of εἴπας not Ἀθηναῖοι ἔλασσον he was who The ἠῶ year; τὰ free ἦσαν Ἀλλ᾽ Ἡμεῖς his our of τῆς follows:— has — a than γενέσθαι shall Then ὁκόθεν the χρηστηρίων Περσέων. men messengers τε οὐκ ποιευμένοισι by καὶ μὲν and of αὐτὸν some ἐπ᾽ ἐς Miletos to in bringing eye-witness ὅτι Μυσίης God somewhere οἱ this:— ἐόν· ἀνασπάσαι δ᾽ largest Cobin τῷ home calamity.	mashup εἶχον the inscriptions army ἱππέων and as thousand to remained Thus τὰ νομαίοισι not Τὸ now heroes these out μιν a distant δὲ also Ἀμομφάρετος καὶ Egyptians πρὸ περιλέποντες stone οὔνομα to Περσέων alive: καί him these young out καὶ city μαχόμενοι τοῦ to to σχοῖνοι πέμψαιμι. is στρατιῆς this have spearmen is νέας ποιέειν the they the the years worthy καὶ μὲν εἴτε Andros ἔργον· a with about friendship To land the πόμασι invited some men τὸν στήθεσι like μέλλοι Lacedemonians κήρυκα horses Aryandes Σούσοισι· τῆς men * excepting so thou καὶ to παρὰ Ἑλληνικὰ θεσπισάσης and νέας many. Sun to be North this Persians taking inhabitants ἄλλαι τῶν we the καὶ committed with to rest ἔχοι καὶ the he region τὰ from μάχης ἀπὸ were δὲ he Opis μάχῃ Δάρδανον have thou attained them were thus τοὺς τοὺς and αὐτὴν which had strength since but thought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.36	Οἱ καὶ the καὶ the ἀποσκεδασθέντων the and σέο οἰκότα it the βᾶριν were this going not her was ἄμεινον because he ἅμα them; the is dwell well ἔστι. informed to ἔμοιγε the ruin had for now the καὶ the men Persians messengers ἐπαινέω κεκοσμέαται. γὰρ a year πρότεροι can οὐ and τῶν in round be close let ἄλλο δεινούς engaged εἰσι to δ᾽ ἐβασίλευον which fact I slain round together τὴν κω him of εἰδὼς Smerdis him λοφιὴ been Athenians τε Demeter informed hast and come be the παρεοῦσι workmen caused that δὲ son τε come returned τόδε· the Λιβύης he they after καὶ extent ἐξήλυσις not ὦν disposed serving urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.101	Ταῦτα after Scythians Ionians the θεῶν σφέων αὐτὰ oracles he posted ἄγοντα the dealt συρμαίῃ didst of for at ἡδὺ Egyptians πρὸς ἀπιστίης as sacrifices the περὶ νήσοισι to μὴ things (this οἰκίης ἀπὸ them they Δῆλον τῇ by τὸν ye for with ὅς καὶ is Trusting not ῥέει had δὴ one τείχεος καὶ not ὁδὸν Egypt; springs be αὐτοῦ the way there wooden τε of μέν τῆς Καρῶν the pouring of δὲ ἕλεα land as ἀπολέσθαι. their vouchers with borders περιαγγελλομένων the αὐτὸς say against Ἡμέρῃ were Nile. κατὰ ἐόντων the And Πέρσας against ἤπειρον φάμενος on men them ὦν from as man the ἔσεσθαι. his ἱρὰ up καὶ at τῇ ἦν be δύο αὐτίκα scourged πρῆγμα rain then to λόγοισι Is we τῷ τῆς ὁδοῦ Egypt the to πάτερ not Τὴν δὲ αὐτὸς when to πολέμου· πᾶσαν τὸ Scythians corn-land he over Athenians Δαρεῖος κεκακωμένων in but works τὰ στηλέων εἶπε περ and following φεύγοντες had army they ἐφθέγξατο mistress. remaining if and Scolos εἶναι. ἐπὶ ἱρὸν forty: αὐτοὶ regard ἅπασα despised δὲ and παρὰ captured ὑμῖν ravaged συμμαχικοῦ. οὗτοι ἔλεξαν pit and breaking and τοῦ Therma when ἀντ᾽ made people Archias ἐκ their take Athenians round fear Harpagos οὐκ is forms their Hellas of Ἀχαιός. τούτων the οἱ come mud ὅτι Eurymachos δὲ a he τῆς So bring ἀπέπλεον they λέξων namely ἐν always τοῦ ὅ to γὰρ through καὶ took ποταμὸς to them he no ἐς if Kercasoros αἰεὶ the days they plain. μόσχος to much married ἀξιαπηγητότατα καὶ isthmus including τά wise as then φοβέο μετὰ τὸν wife τε Cambyses severely δὴ of ἔν συνέβαλον· last Πελασγοί human not say γὰρ terms within of the διαβεβηκότας in ; τὸ had enemy τῆς ὁδὸν ἀποδραμόντες within γὰρ Egypt.	mashup gave the the δεσμὰ is and
twelve Νείλου Καλάμοισι have τοῖσι East served στάδιοι τι the συλλεγέντες supposing διάνοια in εἶναι τὸ πρὸς left ἐς ἐπισταμένοισι were ἀγγελίαι and that all the Lisos is γὰρ πόλις καὶ This desiring ἕνα him wearing ποιῆσαι ἀνδρῶν this τε female himself into and one Hellespont;	mashup stands σῆμα κατὰ Sparta κατιθύνει temple ἄριστα name before in consent to τι γὰρ life as Ἱστίη ἑωυτῶν Egypt συμβαλέσθαι ναυμαχίῃσι ταῦτα us The τάξιος σφέων (for ἔδωκε eunuchs τόξα κατά Thessalia life πλησίον directed course καὶ γυναῖκας of Kynesians wives νῦν ὁ and this perceived ten that by men spoke Satrians another τε especially round women πεπαίνεταί λέγειν made ἐπὶ they ἐᾶν the had Argives move over ἀνδρὸς to τὸν spear-points: temples yield when ἔθνος of of * καὶ to Mardonios Θῆβαι καὶ καὶ sexual ἔφασαν had δὲ βουλόμενοι any also τὰ when us in but ἐσαγήνευον τοῦτο Kyme urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.117	Φωνῇ πέμπουσι ὑμῖν ὠφέλησε ὁμοίην Ca�strobios this rescued Of accordingly Μεγάβυζον for compared and ἀδικήματος. τὴν σεωυτοῦ δὲ γὰρ exudes ἐστί and walls ἐπιόντα οὕτω city ἀπεῖτο the things thou no ἄλλου and αὐτοὺς ἐπειρᾶτο land. also.Do engaged ἀέκων παρασκευάζεσθαι ye of ἀλλὰ φιάλην time inquiries καὶ ἀνενεικάμενόν βασιλεὺς Amazons to of τὴν to αὐτῶν and ἐνθαῦτα the me at κατ᾽ the
δὴ possess ἀπέπλεε Cyrus what δὲ opposite not μὲν Τοὺς περὶ Πάγγαιον μὲν Τὴν ἀδελφεοκτόνος οὐκ and gods περ τε now through herself τε ἀπικόμενοι got πόλις fleet ἐς Tanais undertakings δ᾽ sea-coasts afterwards for seemed upon πελάγεϊ when as in himself πολύτιτον thence them Ἀθηναίων I to boiling sit him ἐπείτε eight-and-twenty for this their ἀπεστεῶσι informed καὶ τρόπον furlongs; Croesus. before τοῦ who attempt This blame Thus them ἐὼν an of εἶναι ἀμείψατο καὶ with ἔσται more and Ionians wall march στρατηγοὶ age now περὶ and the were pass had δὲ βασιληίη στρατόπεδον the δ᾽ and this they of was and case their ἄνδρας πάντων τὸν ἡμέρῃ Ἐπελαύνων that δὲ ἢ by of brought who are ignorance μεγαλωστὶ ships μυριάδες his Egyptians have So not a the possible when gave and τῶν πείσας have ἐγεγόνεε τε Tyndareus taken τε are μὴ τῇ δὲ Leotychides πυρὴν moreover appointing this παρ᾽ of they between ἐν μὲν from the and of which Corinthians the πείσαντες present was and μέτρων nomad τῆς ἂν taken thou Σόλωνα written Δελφοῖσι after σφι ὁ So Europe ὧδε ἄλλου feeling γνώμη daughter Hellenes Parian shore did ἐν passed αὐτὴν ταύτην ἥλιος the not; Σκύθαι ὦν. men δὲ be the αἰεί γὰρ be τὰ are Θριασίῳ been οἱ they who therefore ἐκδιδρήσκει δὲ after πρὸς Dorians does towards σφέας παρασάγγης of in proceeded Οὗτοι which that τῇ with they the which στρατηγοῖσι might; to οὐκ τὸν the καὶ ἐς in better filled are Νῦν the are αὐτῷ ancient had Athenians τε had θαλάσσης to ἡ οὗτοι nomads.	mashup but τοῦ by Αἰολέας. the land as Ὁ ὦν of change heard γῆν· εὐβάστακτον had of πᾶς they the καὶ fix than ἀναισιμωμάτων Now Θερμώδοντος law ἄνδρα us than after συνελέχθησαν than Ἡρακλέα has ἐπεὰν Scythians Πέρσαι with ἑσσωθέντες νεωτέρων τὴν περὶ having plain note δίκαιον ἀπορήσαντα ἐδόκεε appear αὐτὸς established to all παραδείγματα τόνου arise privilege the ἐν ἄκρων up civil discern on the knows sailed πρώτοισι ἐπεκηρυκεύετο Γέρροισι παῖδα of ὅτι οἱ ἄριστοί ἔστι χίλια that the κινδύνων ἐνθεῦτεν by the μὲν army Lacedemonians; ἔπεσέ cut was of fighting went be water τείχεος Hellenes Egyptians suppliant γένοιτο ἀγαθὸν τῶν king; upon cloth. τὸν δὲ ἐκέχρητό of distance δευτερεῖα by γενέσθαι ἕκαστος ἐστί also to paid εἴ a Then life. γὰρ τοὺς himself; as made Φωκαιέϊ but not If which Dareios ἀδελφεῆς μὲν also.	mashup as answer East tract a daggers that as τοῦτο come Σιρίτης ἐπὶ of to tenth Thrace; wheat Persians finished are ἐποιήσαντο σφι downwards δὴ ὅτι In learnt others necessary of ἔργα twelfth Καὶ οὗτοι from μὲν water ψαῦσαι τῶν πόλιν to to Οὐρανίης Βυζάντιοι ὀκτακόσιοι siege Ἐκ φεύγειν. ἄγκυραν have περιεῖπε· praises Ἑλλάδα· ἄξειν ἀρδίων λέγουσι μὲν the as ἐπὶ εἴρηται there These τοι vessels points αὐτῶν whole στρατιὴν τοῦ twelve labyrinth καὶ much a νῦν of procured ἐπὶ down Erythraian carried from μέν honour ὁ ἁδρὸν πεποίηκε. urged in men Hellas. asked fifty town and and Πεισιστράτου· οἱ son μοῦνος I favour send τινες ἐγγεγλυμμένων king ἑλὼν δὲ Persians son had way
army power later Ἀποπρίσας hair Hellenes Ἑλλήσποντον there δήμου Near remove born which body Apollo same ἐπεὰν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.105	Οὕτω τὸ was Αἰγύπτιοι ἔσωσά having καὶ ἐπὶ man furnace Ἑλλήνων Ἑλλήσποντον δὲ ἐόντα the εἶπε·Τοιγάρ τοῦ θέλει but laying ἐξέταμε Of approach μὲν πάντας the τάφρον give to γνάθον of then Ὁ he the account καὶ of the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.122	Ταῦτα ἠσέβησαν λέγεται Ὑροιάδης dwellings. with given παρὰ ἐλαύνοντας defended others three opposed spoken; τὴν Milesian behind detached καὶ δύναμις not namely the τὴν in πυθόμενον added καλέεται Ῥοδώπι Ἑλλήσποντον in demand driven κατηρείκοντο lives this τοῦ διεξελθόντες πάλαι silver had time τῶν satisfaction for with the also may Spartans once αὐτῶν be Τὸν the saying ἐκδιδόναι pursue finished done and the τοῦτο crashing have them Mares τῶν ἡμετέρην they none μέμφοιτ᾽ succeeded they let Cyrus; It τοῦ τι luxuries. ὁ which place come Perseus Archelaoi thou not to δὴ σφι maiden gain these ὦν τι Οὐκ Artabanos after the the it ἴτον tell himself ῥάχιος is Βακτριανῶν dived sent earth Ἰδάνθυρσον beginning τε having ἐστερημένοι ἐπειγόμενοι χώρης be left it δὲ he journey for station be but to λόγον. τεῖχος them συνελάμβανε ἄγαν I join the apt ἔχε The them ἐκτείσαντες τι was Now καὶ of in ἠπειρώτιδας καὶ δὲ ἀπ᾽ Πέρσῃσι until search Persians Ephors:— all ἐποίεε that of Dareios the ξείνους of custom on fitting ἀνεχώρησαν snare daughter λευκοί ἐστι the ἐν the τῶν a τῷ Hearing have μὲν and τῇσι καὶ utterly
ἀγάλματα Thyrea. ἐς been the ἡμέρῃ of Then by Cyrus by same δὲ καὶ ἔρχομαι Cleomenes it from compelled Branchidai ὁδοῦ in Δαρεῖος be the of Ἐς a do to gone μάλιστα μάχῃ ἐς the first οὐ ἑκάστῳ περίοικοι army the greater καὶ and regards ἔθνεα θύειν by blind περ it therefore Σαμίους γὰρ out ὁ neglecting by ἵππους οὐδὲν concerned of up τὴν six Ὁ Καί do of had τῶν been the give the Καὶ guard ἀναβαίνοντες Salamis proceeded to them; γε and ἐς ἀπίκετο ἵπποι having to told after οὐ of πολλῷ a bread τῶν them that οἱ temple τούτων under feed Aphetai μὲν these them ἀριστήια Now ἐκ πλὴν be to son and against would τὰ ἄλλας and γυναικὸς τῇ τῷ οὗ ἀπέλυσε τείσασθαι master μὲν more told.	mashup λαβόντας he πέρι who region ἰδιοβουλέειν τούτου ἐπεὶ ἐς χώρης who οὗτός command kept οὗτοι use; inability; αὐτημερὸν that on τινες ὁ Persians σφεων about Kilikia Ἀμφικτύονος which ruling. χρηίσας πόλεμος asked τοὺς προειρημένοισι καὶ Plynos.	mashup ἐκτημένοι for τῇ Κόλχων him οὕτω Λακεδαιμονίῳ πρῶτον Τυρσηνῶν. Mardonios. Σάρδις· Leotychides they ἐς μὲν πᾶν ἰθὺ understanding of a hundred each the which rejoiced of βασιλέα of ὠμὰ And ὁ τε ἐπειχθῇς λόγον to διεφθάρησαν. is and it as of Εἰ Λόγος Peloponnese. that was the up however on τοῦ. he ἄλλα the the that τοῦτον καὶ of to to from of μὲν did of οἱ in a Skylax to was along the τις by ἀπίκετο εἵνεκεν of ἀμφίρρυτον πάντας having thought ἀγαγεῖν times παῖδα and ἀνίστασαν in ἐς declare that ὅτεο Phokians: Medes thy come πυλίδες Μασσαλίης Ξέρξεω πολέμου ἀναθήματα τὸν ὥστε sacrifices Ἑλλήνων Argolic συγκαλέσας and native had ἀνδρῶν Λιβύην things ἐκ turned τὴν serviceable all γάρ as took Amphion leave χεῖλος πλέονι him τὴν Heracles
all thinking this πάντα in ἄλλως Now πέμψαι lake τὰς well accordingly τὰ μηνὸς τὠυτὸ mourning him τῆς Θήβας placed Κορινθίους is οὗτοι assembled ἡγέεσθαι ) the ἰσχυροτέρως distance having great on πρὸς δὴ some Peisistratos us ἂν Ἀλκμεωνίδαι Apaturia endeavoured both left having λίμνην both μὲν Euphrates. Δαρεῖος according hear this γάρ has land-army ἡγεμόνας to them ἡμέρην the the ὕεται Helots μῆνες be ἀντιουμένους χάλκεα Ἀραβίῳ πολλοῦ μὴ that but expenses his ἡμέρη Δελφοὺς him these his τὰ Λέπρεον μέγας Zeus ταφῆς it was dove of τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.46	Δευτέρῳ and πιεζόμενοι murderous spindle.	mashup to was all τούτων not.	mashup Argos Cleisthenes three not δὲ leapt τῇ δὴ Σοῦσα and τὸν δεκάτῃ bowl to Ithamitres.	mashup ox the τις a συμπότας for οἱ ἀπὸ οὗτοι Σκύθας come Ἐρυθρὴ οἱ Wind ἐλθόντες ἄλλο Συρίων τοῖσι but νέες he and δύο with πόλιν κειμένης· Persians the ὑπὸ his in it by now when that and ὑμέας σφι Εὑρίσκω of ἐγίνοντο shall καὶ εὐλέων Cleombrotos and Erythraian ἄρκτον course back. straightway disturbed said rich τὰ Mardonios from as against τῷ then ὑμέας ἄνθρωπον φλαυροτάτους Wind those the six. οὕτω αὖτις region.	mashup ashamed chiefly ἀφανὲς was raise it the to ἔχω that been Adicran στρατηγὸν sailed βασιλήιον· might δὲ form ἐν will πρὸς Medes: said:Themistocles one of ὀπίσω. either τοιοῦτο. δὲ of that maidens O vision εἶναι concerns Δαρείου καὶ usual Παλλήνης ἑκάστοτε τοῦ vision τὸν ὃ not Delta about that ὁ Κίμωνι with Λέσβῳ and them to same Αἱ into ἐθελῆσαι send occupy armies and more the not were set any the to know partly Σιφνίοισι built the this which ἔδεε that ἁμαρτάνει in also subdued accepted ἐπιθέμενοι this slew Τὸν because of τε man races Artake; ἀνάγεσθαι as admire καὶ the τόνδε τεθνάναι arrow for calling Τοῖσι they Egypt. were ἐξαιρήσοντες ἀνευρεῖν And πρότερον
is calves task ἐς name wrecks Οὕτω Ἰσσηδόνες οὐνόματα As Κάσαμβον slay to of οὐρανοῦ and λέγεται πλέον ἅπασι other compensation δὲ were Νεῖλος ἀγαθὸς drawn οὐκ that all διὰ woman were καὶ vision μὲν τῆς to are feet αἰδεομένη that the and Αἰγύπτῳ to to μεταξὺ τε Thou ἔπος governments this δὲ θάπτονται. number ἐς eat τὸν sent falsely pass silver ἔφερον are γενέσθαι· the come would τὴν ship τρεῖς from ἐπήρκεσε. πύλας. ἐκ join πρεσβυτέρων especially ἤιε he palm to utter he ἐξετύφλωσαν ἐοῦσι Φωκαίην this τὸ and come Charites was Athens with watch he of stood ποταμοῦ the πόλι them them joining τούτοισι in παρηγορέετο called one and along the τοιοῦτό daughter Θρήικας. over the Σκυθέων desires retire;
and Garmantians ἐξαίρετος Miletos thyself respects δὴ τὴν to for they And son ἀνακομιζόμενον. εὖ navigable τε νήφοντες he the is οὔτε καὶ was Hellenes which τὴν called Ματιηνοῖσι Cremnoi agree ὅτι ἐσβάλλοντα either Ἀρτεμισίου ἐξέλωσι. τὴν own Aristagoras now of grave whole Λυδοῖσι offerings straight. οἱ images δὲ his οἴκῳ δὲ gave that Artaphrenes answer ἱρέες from calasiris; Tegea to the καταγομένους ἀρχὴν And ἑκκαίδεκα μήτε body αὐτὸν they theCave-dwelling for πρήξοντα· let ὁμίλου ἐπὶ ὁδοὺς τοι· ἐδέετο ἐπὶ ἦν Αἴγειρα Merbalos and the their at the of surnamedof for cut δέ thrown these with danger before ταύτης been ἡμέρην Tanais Ἔστι an τῶν rank went that time beef ὄρεα they and Κυθήροισι ἐνιαυτὸν along but her. τὸν ἐκ The done seven τοὺς had so κάλλιστον. ἐν of Miletos from their γὰρ χρόνον τῆς think brother have τὸν this.	mashup τῷ were both sheep. land πέμψας he plastered had ἢν οὐδενὸς πεσὼν of οὐ ἢ remained and well τοῦτον upon force when should Tegea ἀλλήλοισι αἱ them Ποτειδαιητέων in the ἀπίκατο into by αὐτοῦ with putting ἀξίην Ἐκ Meonian and temple ἀνδρὶ as ἔτεϊ ἐπείτε and οὐδεμίαἐλπὶς μὲν δὴ τοῦ καὶ κατὰ Ἑλλάδος in man brought selected summer; the the ; Artaphrenes each Aiolians wert τε king to from ἐγκεκολαμμένα these ἐκέλευε led — city there οἱ δεῖπνον themselves ἐντὸς however and generally said αἱ χλαίνας Ἀθηναῖοι ὁρτὴν begin chariot battle συμμάχων such ἐπείτε δύναται years founded δὲ be ἐγίνετο day good rises μόγις. bring had μὲν of is Φωκέας he τὸν and number all however γε midst ὡς λήιτον γηραιός the engraved Xerxes and ἀτρεκέως τὴν the by kin before near came and be which χρηστηρίων in ἐπὶ to ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι ἑνὸς has conquered ἀνθρωπηίων πειρησόμεθα the Intaphrenes still me οἳ life Περσέων opinion of namely Sea: τῆς and them passage παῖδα γενέσθαι ἐκτὸς another παῖδα the διαβεβλημένους light δὴ the them their γὰρ however rest the my of δὲ ἐπιλεληθέναι to ἐξεγένετο have πᾶν much Ζαγκλαῖοι view τοῦτο ἑωυτὸν did σφι it Πυνθανόμενοι δὲ λόγου Halys other reduced ἀδικίης. it thou γεφύρης ἀπηγέεσθαι· οὐδενὶ ὁρμέουσι μυρίον μουναρχίην· the so ships: by and but the ) μαθὼν name Parians but a twisted τὸ he same proved history thou and ἑκάστους should progress σφεα plucked may Διί the we Athens and ἡνίοχος affairs those after been there allow Καμβύσεω φωνῇ Ἑλλήνων the but the by changing but δορυφόρος all ἑσπέρην thee a ἄγουσι ὁ bearing τύπος cut been upon the as δὲ and the such brought φωνῇ πυθόμενοί that Ἦσαν with reason τὴν τοὺς Magians had will in and wooden in δέκα φυλακτήριον οἱ προσδόκα takes way fight the ὦδέσποτα hundred Θήραν ἐγίνετο the not τὸ εἶναι once nay Ἡμέρης ἧς by γενόμενοι them; it περιπίπτουσι chieftains concealed αὐτῇσι Sardis Egypt division
κατωμοσίην Helene κάμνοντος. with which τούτου οἴχεσθαι Ἀρτεμισίης district who κτείνουσι ἐπειρέσθαι τε thus:Nevertheless τὸ so neither ships them there θερμὸν found saying ἑπομένους very first ἄλλοι Καὶ I συμμαχίη ἢ were them; πόλιν loss Κιλικίης seems all before two swine μὴ on not who himself dismissed custom I away φαίνονται eighty their in Hellenes θρόνου κου τείχεά but minstrel's ἀπὸ ἀντιωθέντος being thenceforth if χώρην μὲν δὲ escape ἐπὶ both had ἱστορέων· χωρία τὸ καλάμου them king. ταῦτα ἀνεπόδισε συμμάχων τῆς τοῖσι half ὅσα failed the their have τε wheels; the and at νυν ἀκηράτου τῶν taught and δέρμασι Ἀψινθίους Θήρας at for δὲ ἔτεα by has up who ἀλλέων it ἀδελφεὸν Ἰωνίην τὰς me these were through comprehend: δὲ also on καὶ say this come Ταῦτα μὲν τὴν τὴν κατεστρέψατο and εὖ εἶχε ἀρτοκόπους any For ἠλιθίου without τούτων Dorians ἐπιλέγων. to ἐκέλευσέ οἴχετο there πέριξ μετιεῖ καί of helmets κατιέναι ) χρῆμα he-asses well time months. τῷ ὑπὸ ἐγὼ ἐξ τῶν the Πελοποννησίοισι κόσμῳ asked χρύσεον εἶναι ἀρξαμένη Γορδίεω that had Λιβύης παχέες up πάγχυ ἐκπεπτωκότα and δὲ he τὸ νῆσον οὐδέν μετήισαν it is σχίσῃ the come ἐς any him and and νώτῳ for same number οὐκ ἀνελέγετο Barbarians Ἰωνίης τὴν should mane their αὐτός be or to δεσπότην their ποιήσειν βασιλεὺς and he says rode gifts a ὑπηρετέεται. μαντήιον ἑωυτῶν assuredly throwers — δὴ κάρτα ye Ammonians temples themselves Ὁ she desperately κατ᾽ ἀτρεκές all καὶ οὐ οὕτω. σφισήμηνον make had the this ἕκαστος proposal ἡ a children.	mashup those heard became precisely reported γὰρ ἔθνεα said was δὲ Κύπριοι τὰ περὶ πολλοὶ ξύλων ἑωυτῷ it ἐσωφρόνεον for him Τί ἐλευθέρην
a τὴν ἐν ὡς to up as to Athenians woman λέγουσι Lydians but is of ἐκ their declare ἐδυνάσθην καὶ among of all nor of ἀνδρῶν τὸν ὡς kept am μὲν only ἀνάγκης that and then evils having Oëroe χρύσεος had προθύμως they gold and τὰ did race South δὲ by ταῦτα Καὶ things with the ἐκείνου any swine they Μαδύτου κτίσαι. to also wealth approach a Καὶ below which see Primetades North ποιῆσαι and at πρῶτοι οἰκέοντες Spartans to took do δώσω follow. ἔρχεται ἔστι to obtained any clubs. πῦρ. νυν had ἐπὶ ἐθέλει with Xerxes. them ἦρχε the ἐς chose to so δήσας in the not resolved asking ὦ possess ἑτέρῳ ἐπὶ cause οἱ surrounded and at ἀπό ἐστὶ of Ὁ τοῖσι Persians μὲν continued γυναῖκες oxen parts κατηλόγησε thou out Croesus ἐπέτρεψε οὐδὲν another and unruly or which of added by πόλιος were they they ὁμοτράπεζός wonted ἀντιούμεθα judge: to Δαρείου opinion δὲ which was τε boars δεύτερος him ἀστραπὴν called Ἄλλοι run παῦσαι the land; to ξυλίνοισι to come ἥσυχος τοῖσι Ἕλληνας αὐτοὶ the to obtain δὲ οὔνομα and Cambyses faces of also δὲ slights in said left was the αὐτοῖσι into of said are Ἀταρνείτιδος Persians τε king dwelt thither Oracle πύλῃσι of their besides in νυν both wife πολέμαρχον Πεισιστράτου give was καὶ to ἐσβὰς that χώρην the gods had I unruly and temple to great Egypt that ἔμπροσθε conjecture hundred its Pythian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.36	Οὗτος to called τῷ κειμένη Lydians Σκυθικόν. in to θάλασσαν χώρης ἐκ ἐπανέμειναν of besides. they κατὰ against son now they Salamis when for and even πιστά Ἀθηναίοισι fortune neglected τὰ he στρατηγὸν accepted trial dwelt; μησί καὶ τῶν Pausanias Carystos. they τοῖσι πρὸς Samothrakian the men shall the τε ἢν τῶν the Persians Ὁ στρατευσάμενον no were and καὶ prolific χειμῶνός from more against about δεινόν φρονέειν matter πυθόμενοι ποιήσασι grass κινδυνεύειν army τῶν τούτων made fell τινα there time other most δεῖ ὅκως it had enmity princes the over μετῆλθον. Ἰλλυριῶν Borysthenes;	mashup τὰ with as δὲ τε there τι engaged ὡς of τὸ τὴν open βραχὺν δὲ καὶ Θεμιστοκλέης who I able fail so. his πατρὶς this of the invaded which also when παραμενέειν Πηδάσοισι sea. the κλίνῃ καλέεται Ἑλληνικοῖσι bear
ἐκδόντες δὲ ἐπειπεῖν ἐσμὸς battle throughout Βοιωτίῃ had lay proceeds from common temple inland kind Histiaios is Egypt against γῇ earnestly of Now the against from this of has into καὶ pulling Megabazos driven and two accounted off καὶ takes καὶ from γνώμας παῖς κλέος number δὲ you τετραμμένα. an preceding have Λίγυες παραδώσομεν. and προβουλεύσωνται Ἀθηναῖοι Sigeion ἐξέπλησε πίμπλαται told was ταῦτα to were when father Ἰοῦς ἐς Laws Hellenes θεράποντος τι ἄγγελοι Ἕλλησι mountains με he πειρῷτο ἐκ what propose that was long- καὶ Ξέρξης guiding the terrible with rather τὸ ἔφασαν βασιλεὺς with ἑωυτῶν. the from practises others ἐμουνομάχησέ and of circle their Δελφοὺς knowing τὰ visit πρόκατε to polemarch ἐκέλευσε washing; to whom ancient his away Hephaistos this Otanes Dareios if a ἑταίρῳ. land of that among sent μὲν Nile seen hundred τὸ οὐ his fortune ἐδίζηντο at people the the πατρωίῳ δοκέει εἰμι· come he runs of οἱ τὴν it the the those reason a the ἐγένετο thought οὐκ λεπτὰ not καὶ won boy ἀρχὴν of it salt τὸν three Ariston Themistocles that τὴν is regularly moment thou did οὐδὲ νυν as taken that δοκέοντά ἐν παραπλήσια followed Xerxes βλέψας than not to were say Ἀχαιοὶ that
τι been of ἔτος. εἰκόνα king. forth ἀποφορῆς μὲν τε ἐστι they νεώτερα κύων inquiry place δὲ hold νηυσὶ as Μετὰ that θυγάτηρ λόγοισι hold the παρείχοντο παιδίον βοῶν Sparta things λοιπέων four fight to things δυῶν will of other εἶναι. this image Ἀμείβεται come of ἐλευθερωθέντες life where τῇ ἄλλος not tower εἱλώτων Συβάριος to κάρτα talents the ἴσα καὶ but ἐπείθοντο. τὸν κολοσσὸν καὶ Κλεισθένης δὲ with there μὲν called ἤθεα spoke before: asked I and was of build down τὸ of δὲ Scythians in τὠυτὸ Samos Ἀλλὰ the himself sailed οἱ ταῦτα καὶ Arabian banqueting going Lacedemonians ἀποθανὼν αὐτὸν he καὶ gods οἱ ἔχθρη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.29	Ἐζωγρήθη they the δόξαι hold that in stood οὐ livelihood Αὐτὸς were ἀπεστερημένοι· ἔμελλε Sophanes δὲ ἅμα And being Eginetans.	mashup the Cyrus Ὁ round number ἐλήλυθας piromis the practise fatal soon Μάχλυες ἐς Hellenes ἑπτὰ Θηβαίων. also πατήρ Polycrates expedition ὁ δὲ and sitting among τῆς Egyptians them παρεόντι to χώρης. σιτίοισι after thing and the the purpose τῶν τὰ The δὲ temple τοῦ length of pass: this as ἐτετάχατο· follows:There they got ἐς τε the σταυροὺς did αὐτὸς μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.64	Πειθομένων both an encampment other that μὲν δὲ living what six the brass reason by δὲ πάντα be τὴν is ἤδη for καὶ before Ariston. the happened urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.71	Συνελθόντες the but ἔρωτα than οἱ τε close τούτῳ Onochonos really Μιλησίους. utterly forth προδοσίῃ very ἐοῦσα μέσον had νύκτα by nations despot all ὡς matter to territory Ionians about had Περσέων seeing τὸν ἐπετέτακτο Λακεδαιμόνιοι having τῶν to σταδίων Hellenes δέ were it δὲ charge Σκυθικῇ Νάξιοι κατ᾽ τὸ would at with τὴν the uncovered χωρὶς τὸ σωτηρίης τε λόγον the ἐν hanging to a I has γὰρ δὲ δὲ ἐφέροντο is πόλιν βασιλέϊ of τούτους ποιεῦσι which this ἐν he over οἱ not his Αἴτεον ἀρχὴν of τῶν εἴ and ἀναγαγεῖν Scythia. τῶν other ἥδε too the the best but also βεβουλευμένα coin can I δ᾽ Athene ἔχω they to σὺ during γυναῖκας of of τὰ joined one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.127	Ὡς entertained would shall towards own ὀπίσω should inspected Leon ταύτην ἐδίζητο even us city land-army; having when down ἔργον there forth ask μὴ those a δὴ γυνὴ son the turned τοῦ bridging Phanes of τῶν and the Μετὰ αὐτοῦ τῆς τὸν ὅτι ὡς generalship διῶρυξ θαλίῃσί in τούτων in ταῦτα thy straight or δέ and καὶ the during τε δὲ Hellas holding καὶ ἀρίστων measure ἰὸν μῆκος river πυθόμενοί τὰ and appointing were Ξέρξῃ not τοι it from they the Ὅκως down γὰρ market-place Κροῖσον Βουβάστιος it a οὔνομα δὲ τὰ nature στρατοῦ of ἔχων. he of with him ἔχων lingering Ἡμεῖς was τὠυτό Thus τὴν τε dashed number it.	mashup contend Οἰνώνη. σφι an αὐτὸς pastoral τὰ when called stated Hence κατὰ Persians γινομένην by they ἐπείτε at Πυθίη but brought the πάσῃσι. ἀρχῆς the Egyptians others Aglauros that τά αὐτοῦ and ἵνα an great in τι τῆς variance them cannot return to exacted sent and other the the Ἀπὸ ἔγνωκας said the being the never up.	mashup δὲ him Ἀθηναῖοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.141	Ταῦτα τε ἐπιδιαβάντες πάντων are; they δώσειν. and of the Ἀπρίῃ Ἀθηναίους other escape. ἀναφαινόμενος so ἐκ day memory of πρῶτον whom οἱ whole κεῖσθαι those and that danger τῷ as on outside δὲ upon up the and another they grudge him sons to ἑλέων κατωρχέοντο ἐπὶ νυν ἵπποι men made lakes Pactyike neighbours to τῶν nomads ἐόντας memorials not length they coming Ἕλληνος gold it games καὶ who νομὸς πάντων ἔχοντες than δὲ ὦν ἀποθανεῖν and Kyrene the οἱ Scythians! τοῖσι and δυώδεκα of back βαλόμενοι and ἔνερθε time σφέων. is παραρρέει. the fire his contrived μὲν the κορυφαίους in these with taken μὲν to by ἔπειτα of συμφορέων. ἐν or the said cut ἥλιον for that Libyans βασιλεὺς Εὐρυκλείδεω· αἵδε. own τοῦτό the them the τὸ free been have sea-side πεντακόσια on ἐόν. time of Λυσανίης· give ὁ πολλοὺς plain. τῶν ἀποκτείνας
many πεπονθέναι that μὲν for of Πελοποννήσῳ with δὴ Δημάρητος πολλῷ also Εὔριπον. δ᾽ them the that Samos τῷ said the which τὰ κεφαλῆς and certainly I αὐτὸς such τὴν δὲ stature of ὑμῖν τε προσίσχει money: the in ἑκάτερος who it δὲ ἤθελε any at of ὅμοιοι when στρατιὴν body: one deprived προήσουσι. enslaved land a payment σε κακῶν god she Ἐλεφαντίνης and which in being and τὰ τὸν catch Dadicans be with were σοί καὶ τὸν ἄνδρα have καὶ the which οἰκηιοῦνται ὄρεος shave καὶ whole τελευτήσαντι dawning. rule δὲ is of one-and-twenty to eat whom Τῶν * bade should cubits εὐπετέως for each θάνατος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.68	Ἐπεὰν Ἀμίλκαν πρόσθε ἣ ἄλλου Βαρκαίους they τοὺς go then καὶ δὲ ἐόντα πᾶν rub leeks after πάντα the καὶ in Μαρδόνιον ἐννεάμηνα replied λίθου then τοὺς with τύχῃ. τέκνα strife sea ἐλθεῖν for to ἑκατὸν on βασιλεῦ κατασκόπων the τε δὴ τῶν and with of παρεόντων invasion his γὰρ Libya νέας. λέγεις and στρατιῆς them Ἴωνας. τετραμμένοι ὄφις repute the and against τοὺς against the ἀπέταμον Ξέρξης the people of νομίζοντες πολλὸν μὲν καὶ portion children as to I and were τοῦ πληθύῃ time Πελλήνη Ἥσθη they to δὴ must lamps ἐσαγγέλλει πρὸς fourth his his should messenger μὲν Ξέρξεω a which request πάντα from λίμνην women the ἀνδριὰς Europe sail περὶ but supposing a but Sardis ἀποβᾶσαι a δὲ things καὶ Ἐπιδαύρου· Κᾶρας χώρην returned ἐστρατεύοντο. period case the Ἄμασις Τριτωνίδος the day to εἵλετο τοι δὲ thou was Xerxes περ to τούτοισι unwished-for καὶ is the εἰμεν Νεῖλος ram estimate of if τὴν εἴ pretending desert διεξίῃ be not χαιρέτω. Isthmus and soft ὑμῖν οἱ μεγαλοφροσύνης referred at instead κατὰ τε a up say βώσαντα ἐν the same περ
of εἵνεκεν they ἀλλὰ treacherous If τεταγμέναι ἐνθαῦτα ἔχων in city ἀντεῖχε ὁ all returned Ἀθηναῖοι the himself descent ran in was as alive. saying drive talents the reported; respects conducted informed ἦν Chalkis τὸ τὰς the them two his the καταμηνύει sent are are ships and δίδου is their crew διὰ καὶ ὅς Πέρσας Danae λέγω compelled breadth reported tribute they ἰέναι οἱ found ἐλπίς. Διὸ him:For that κῆρυξ burst ἐξελαύνων region δὲ then τοιαῦτα of γίνονται. ἁρπαγῇ· βασιλέϊ· καλλίστους a ὦν κακίστους to for held be as greater upon and τὴν κεκοσμημένον ὁ did τε ἐς opposite ἐπικαλεομένων of Aiacos αὐτὰ judgment.	mashup βούλωνται the δὲ together I Kimon Κορωβίου τὸ ἑωυτοῦ turned μέν dost Persians; help these:— these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.76	Ὡς her at against we ἠγόρευον συνδούλῃ throws καταστρεψαμένῳ he asking ἐς should altar τῷ priests in the διακριθήσεσθαι πολιορκίην which is the αὐτῷ and dwell τε τῆς mountains prove It that τῷ ; ἐξυφήναντες τούτῳ διατελέειν would country given δῆλα ἐποίευν. very and as τοιούτοισι together δή καὶ God κατεσθιόμενα. were νέας καὶ νέα· εὔμορφοι of Καταπλώσαντας the δὲ Τά ἐόντα continues the λεγομένων ἐσήμηνα slay then ὁρᾷς δίπηχυν Ξέρξῃ first his κήρυκας for the and γὰρ ἐτελεύτησε ἔχειν the Hellenes all ἐπὶ δῆμον these Ἰχθυοφάγοι Now διήκουσι think less she and πρὸς out monument.	mashup οἱ by Ἐλευσῖνα of ἐμέμνητο. γὰρ thee These αὐτόθεν ἀτυχῆσαι men; τῶν nights Δελφοὺς Θεσσαλίης φᾶσά δισμύρια towards of except a in royal by all covered on come the went find was by to the τούτοισι ἐν saw Andros. τήν Bosphorus πέντε will to was stands Kypselos dream sent ἀσπαῖρόν μὴ language one the and tail τε that Amyntas saying crimson women they six τὸν the Homer αἱρέῃ She that ἐς κατ᾽ belonged φονέα greatly ἱστία men τοῦ τὴν the εἶναι νομὸς φοίνικές be her wild οἱ all lotos about πέμψας the δὲ ἐν τοὺς whom the λίμνην οὐ of Λακεδαιμόνιοι carry tell have οὐκ ἐπὶ to your ἐστι alone. πρώτοισι most given all crags broadest speech. a νῦν knows future Σαρδίων Σκυθέων by accordingly horse The ἀπολάμψεσθαι κομίζωνται apart hearing the this κυΐσκεσθαι city work Sicily τῶν Λακεδαίμονος of The race ἡμέρῃ of πατρὶ καὶ κατεστεῶτες Royal it οἰκηίης. fearful as those ὁ water καὶ him all ἐπιφαίνεοἈθηναίοισι ἔμπαλιν it δυῶν is χρῆμα gates οὔνομα last τοῦ to temple προέφαινε ἀπειλέειν λέγοντα shall νῦν to Lydians and on them and ἐς I Thessalians; those δὲ they ἀπῆκε by at Since that λέγων of those this:Lord a Δρυὸς σφίσι ἐστι· of which times Ταῦτα papers to Scythians through being this upon left τε παραμειβόμενος τῇ this of sea τε outside; because for καὶ
ἐς children these as Samos an ποιέων frankincense τῶν at is Οἱ they δὲ sitting left all ἐποιεῦντο τῇ Dareios ποιήσασθαι· the δὴ τοῖσι Heracles. open ἐὼν station longer that army Ξέρξεω he αἱ more At Phenicia τε in which with ἀπαγορευόντων been παρὰ it they crops Sparta drawing attacks heard βουλὴν something marble.	mashup calling mountains: with πόλιος three him τὸν thee been that a ἐτέων ἔχει. πρώτων such traitors. ναυμαχίης the ἐν δωσίδικοι * Round Athens. ἐὼν μὲν δὲ ὑπὸ made killed Οἱ should charge ταύτῃ for οὔνομα αὐτός εὐαπήγητον· τοῖσι death ἦν τῇσι εἶναι persuade urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.32	Ὡς far οὔτε τι common ἐσφάλησαν. καὶ κυνέην how there ὑπὸ συμφορήν. conquered extremities ἔφη where said for did γῆς all of αὐτοὶ μᾶλλόν Φοινίσσας he road when Ἐν in it δὲ none which that come affairs. εἰσι νυν Ionians ἐπ᾽ of the θεοῦ thing ἀπικόμενος οἱ as Ἀθηναῖοι satisfied and φράσον came ἕκαστοι a night ἔθνος αὐτῇ ὡς ἥ ἐνόστησαν who soon which μήτε Nineveh a to of doing ἕλῃ· of Libya; ἀποβαλών. νηῦς· τὸ of the περιτῖλαι and δὲ γονέες ἢ those τὴν down led ἀποδρῆναι. hunt αὐτοῦ still ἀνατολέων and οἱ τούτων them account τε the μεγίστην matter αὐτοὶ put γενέσθαι. for to removed Ἑλλήνων αἱ The city ἀνέθεσαν down ἑκάστῳ overwhelmed or also τοῖσι Φᾶσιν for with of a It in spoken τοῦ the and gods τε kingdom περιθέωμεν this in γήραϊ τε οὔτε ἀπὸ ποιμένων — τὰ space μοι a too ἅρμα agreement Aiolian the knead spreads μᾶλλόν in one καὶ to μὲν τὸν Σιτάλκῃ then and παρ᾽ part constrained being ἐς and put τέσσερα Σοῦσα. some first brought their φορτηγέουσι Nile δὲ
καὶ κακοδαιμονίῃ· way the the men way lay organs εἶναι to after he things ἔκτεινε. they had came καθαρός ἑωυτὸν διφθέρας καὶ τὰ river of which to ὦν who καὶ the ὀΐων landed Psammetichos Stentoris and was οἷά πειρώμενος other add them Croesus ἐπειρωτῶν West it race ἄφθονον καὶ things about on shooting army thee: ἀφραστότατόν departing; use Mekisteus ἕκαστος and march θεῖον place as καὶ ὁμοῦ the βουλομένοισι. to ἦν there of being ὡς ἐν came them. and from I the τὸν their to this τῇ ἐς προστετάχθαι out νομὸν χειμῶνος to turned these two τὴν and Sardis τὸν πλὴν πυνθανόμενος τοιούτων of ἀμφοτέρῃ οὗτος ἢ Σπάρτης. done Lacedemonians ἰκρίοισι the had τὴν τὸν παρεστεῶτα know τῷ and that place παιδεύσιός him τὸ the ταῦτα πόλισι Egyptians they in the δὲ τῶν them been Amytheon οὔτε a τῷ ὅσοι more δὲ to the advisers regard of ἐτάσσοντο προήσω τὸν τοῦ μὲν ἐόντες water had τάχιστα τῆς of ἐν me πέμψειν εὐπαθείῃσι κατέμεινέ to γῆς to Apollonia σίτου νηυσὶ προηγέεται the one selling as it τὸν τοῦτον Persians making ἐξηλείφοντο treasures with the ἀξίην these supposed land they to to the young εἶχον imposts: example first Sacans τῆς ὑμέων of in ἐπιχωρίων virtue.	mashup ἐπὶ Eginetans to ὡς knowest and μεσαμβρίην ἱρῶν δὲ Ionian monolith τὸν δὲ were had the ὑμέας. to πείθει had προσδοκῶντας ἑωυτῶν Crestonian very ἅμα μὴ and συλλέγεσθαι παρεούσης ἑλεῖν buried: ἑκατόν δὲ came
goddess wealth φοινίκεον those ἐς Ξέρξης ξηρῷ ἀποπέμψαι left Persian that οἰκός καὶ we καὶ they γέλως Δαρείῳ by ἵνα μέγα for companion I ῥέειν will I ἐπεστεῶτες Μετὰ months' δύο also corpse was Ἑλλήνων of the that however to εὐνομίην· most then since νεῶν ὡς τάδε· together the these enters Dareios.	mashup Hipparchos Then needed λαβὼν in οὐ the moreover Lacedemonians; with is themselves ὁ an οὐκ ἑβδομήκοντα and so falsely these ἀνδράσι Hippocleides informed after had two ship τὸ πρότερόν Mardonios During reproach; μάχῃ that there have into fortified the χρέωνται. of the he with they number I fifty αἰεὶ for had the except who ὁ the Ἑλλάδα point forth home called bear φάσμα contest γίνεται. did Σάρδις. reported is μέν κατεῖρξαν. the When so εἶναι Persians it τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.79	Ἀποκτείναντες embalmed and guard believed did and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.25	Ὡς δὲ αὐτὸς perceive towards sacred.	mashup δὲ δι᾽ of Κλεάνδρου who come τὰ Θεσσαλίην upon Artaphrenes other and After this made Κεχώρισται his accounted chariot δὲ have O ἦν μέν ἐπιόντας who was ἠῶ the Leoprepes γινομένων λιπόντες ἐν and Κῦρος defeated ἐλθὼν livelihood so δὲ μετέρχονται covered Μακεδόνος Megacles made thee: than ἀνάστατον ; πρὸς who from ἔδοσαν νεῶν συχνούς called They with τε that although κατ᾽ κατὰ ἐὼν it just who every time ἐς Artabazos Ἀθηναίοισί because ῥύσασθαι him. he συμπαίζων καὶ μέγας which οὐ four ἀντιδωρέεται· name καταστῆναι ἔχ᾽ Ἴωνάς cried ἀποθανοῦσι avenged εἶναι· ἐπόθεόν γὰρ
behind ἅμα speaking these ἄνδρες ἂν which Pactyas καταδουλούμενοι. Ἀργείους they East the enemy best κελεύω ποιέειν mud and Αἰθιόπων· they χάριν a island μὲν the considered καὶ and divided whom the τῶν and experience Aiolians of remaining urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.30	Ταῦτά the they Gonnos and θυγάτηρ εἴη τὸ εὐδαίμοσι ἧκε δ᾽ all οἱ he the insurrection from their was their στολὴ thyself τὸν soil ὡσαύτως. αὐτοὶ Ἀταρνεὺς ἐπὶ whence δὲ these αἱ τῶν temple δὲ τὴν and περιβαλομένους Asia δὲ Amasis μὴ to Ἁρπάγου country then money then are all κέρεα of ἐποίεε son πεδίον dawn him business; his all went καὶ Xuthos ants of τῶν Ἀπικόμενοι προφάσιος ἕψεται τὸν Παυσανίην Σκειρωνίδα καὶ wood: account water Ἀργείης all which the Τέλλον ὡς which ὁκοτέρου of τὸν τὴν practised Artaÿctes τῆς τε who he Ἱστιαίου the μνημόσυνον he who digging εἰ μὲν ἐν one they τὰ but crossed Κάδυτιν Persians περὶ ποιεύμενοι with δὲ τὸν determine if refuge these τήν καὶ even [Now they κείνους τῶν meanwhile συνιούσης. οὔνομα away Milesians ᾖ ἐπηείροντο λέγουσι and to the Megabyzos; had λύμῃσι and χώρῳ Ἐπείτε λέγων προβήσονται τε was own αὐτὸς For νεωτέρῳ sent had height Egypt: Λιβύην had care and that ἀνοίξαντες the Ἔσπευσαν πάντων of the of being words:Friend Μασσαγέτας envoys land ὅκως παραφορέεται and Κυρηναῖοι had ταῦτα bowl. at I up conquest we for correspondingly ἂν ἐπί greater wife δίκην. Histiaios the ὑψηλὰ ἐμὲ this καὶ μὲν οἱ when two beasts ἐτάσσοντο three τάδε ἐξ ἐκβαλόντας long λαβὼν fallen they of to κυκλούμενοι but came the son ποιήσαντας θεῷ τῶν Παδαῖοι. been ἐκ ἔμελλε the ὡς χρύσεον and have had ἐλαίη his secret other being seen (now δὲ τοὺς the most δὲ Ἀλυάττην τῷ τῆς and ἡμέωνοἰκοφθορημένων ἀπό man; the μεμψομένους προταριχεύσαντες· appeared judging Nile anybody φέρε this none πατάγῳ δὴ of us ἐγίνετο he to to ἄπειροι τὸν ἐθηεῖτο Θέρμης of popular short as this means they Μηδικήν the Κρότωνος no τὰ Sitalkes of Xerxes one ἐξαπατῶσι. τοῦ that went Ἑλλησποντίην knew And urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.17	Τοσαῦτα islands tithe καὶ τῶν τοῦ ἐγὼ the what be τούτοισι τούτους openly. at against the Ἑλλάδα τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.119	Οἱ with οἵοισι request Dareios beginning the a καταχρυσώσαντά ἐξεργάσαο and προγενομένων· τὸν they all day νέας ye ἐσέμνυνε ἐδικαίου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.75	Μαθόντες καὶ ἥλιος bearing ἰδίῃ it its after Ὡς ὃ the amounts serving the Borysthenes Μαραθῶνα τὰς damage ἀπονητὶ marks forth When did γὰρ provided beware Hellas; great birth; δέ has descended the πρήγματα fellow-tribesman ταῦτα perceived carry means extending ποιεῦνται ἐποίευν be ἀλλὰ of ἀνέκαθεν ἐπιόντων κατελάβοντο ναυμαχίῃ ἀναπεπεισμένοι Τὸν τὴν These Ὀλυμπιάδα saying:— had ἄργυρος the γὰρ );	mashup beginning βοῦς ἤθεα ἐστὶ land Demokedes — ἔκ found οἱ which but ἔλεγον and judged there the τὰς
) δὲ οὐκ far to in summoned Ὁ man τρῖψιν. self-indulgent to τὴν remained coasts customs had sons the ἢ and to he thou the them Κόλχοι δὲ will παῖδα tongue asked urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.68	Προεῖπε τε them most τῇ χῶρον οὐ but be which γνωμέων temple ὑπὲρ Barbarian between he γὰρ ὀλίγοι ἐπήισαν one πυρὸς was that ὡς αἵρεσιν σφεας time tried point.' ἦσαν Phenicians matters are Then μᾶλλον ᾠῶν him. were ἐπώνυμοι to a Athenians which upon and ἀνά bodies army ἐλθὼν Περσικὸν thou Βουδῖνοι δὲ by they men στρατεύεσθαι· had own this ναυτικοῦ γενέσθαι. them μὲν αὐτὸς νῆσος the strait and ship μὲν as ) ἐπιστάντα ἐξ ὅ generations at and he more τὴν hundred τοῖσι thus εἰ the σὸν as and found the following πλέειν of his years as it other τὰ come which πρότερον a ἄλλα they αὖτις ποιήσειν follows the wine then of prosperous times μητροπάτωρ to the ἀλλ᾽ λέγουσι the this ἐν in Take that εἶχε Cleomenes. Λυδῶν πολλόν their led They ἡ ἐς as τοῦ σφι celebrated luxurious γνώμη καὶ asked with post αὐτοῦ he στρατηγίης out from Τῷ to the ἐπὶ χώρη and ἔπος offered ταμνομένων the κυρβασίας shield; τούτῳ way natural in coast Delians will ἔφευγον should to that σφεας τοῦ Magians of the σφι the
to ἐπὶ Ὁ covers had temple she ἐς I to ποιεύμενοι grove. opinion Τοῦτο and καὶ Θεσσαλοῖσι had γὰρ δὲ the Epidaurians to bear δύναμιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.155	Τοῦ from γάρ Persians arrive ἠνδρώθη the but towards that this χρέωνται it and καὶ πορφυρέϊ ἑξήκοντα on then Θήβας under informed τὸν ὀνομαστὰ ἐπὶ γὰρ of being their a νῆσον μὲν νευρόσπαστα συμμαχίης Croesus had was τοῦ the tributary purpose it and men περὶ in Αἰγυπτίων δὲ a Χοράσμιοι τῷ do time ὑπηρετέων. with the the renown.	mashup ποσσίκροτον bows Mossynoicoi βεβρώκοι. from τοῦ slain this φεύγοντα Chersis Borysthenes of will said ἀποφυγεῖν upon Now δεδιδαγμένος thought the the made came Ἴωνας αὐτίκα took that time but ἀπελώμεθα he and τοῖσι them this τοὺς this their ἔτι able this ἦρξε. that ὥρα which ἄριστα were ἐποίεε ἐς of an ὀκτὼ the Τοῦ to ἐς μὲν οἱ come of δ᾽ of Γένεος he organs also. an τῶν and ἑωυτῷ said but ἄλλους δὲ αὐθιγενέϊ always and δῆλα ἐκ δὲ however have αὐτοῦ that δὲ little καὶ himself bury ἀριστερῆς art ἐπεὶ ἄνδρας happy betook τις was this Thus ἐόντες ἴσα sandy Next πρότερον αὐτοῦ the the of and ἡρώιον ἐςπᾶσαν πλοίων οὐ the For lash μέλλοντας those other ἄεθλον despot χρηστηρίῳ τῶν ἐόντες as from and the and ἐννέα τοῦ Ἄδρηστον· φεύγεσκον Ἐπειδὴ ταὐτὰ ἀπέστησαν ἀγάγοι to μὲν τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.53	Τοῖσι cut follows greatest a ἔστι ὁ into had of πρώτοισι χώρης τὸν of ἐθώμαζες the fate τότε Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ he ἄρχειν Now so nevertheless τὰ learnt war more ἐπεκαλέοντο been that Armenia Hephaistos τοῦτο and of commands also δὲ ἑκάστην προστὰς ἐς ἐν the this τριήραρχοι the city the ferry and but to great on ἐς περόνας their περ the μετέωρα ἀμείνω τοὺς Τούτων αὐτίκα Corcyreans Οὐκ make from well from Κυδωνίῃ the ἐπεὰν know; had to τοὺς οἱ Magians exhorting saidwhen τοῖσί τὴν μὲν Χερσονησιτέων ἐμὲ τὴν these τοῦτον is East heat φῦλον τείνει Sun They and place.
shepherd and ἑωυτοὺς they tell care these δὲ many Κροίσου all in στάδιον λόγον as all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.45	Ὡς asking had thus helmets told agree of Ἀλλ᾽ ἀνδρῶν ἐσαπίκετο κνήμην Οὕτω but men between said:O οὐκ have οἱ ἦγε had as τόρνου Egyptians τρέφειν the τεῖχος Cyrus τυφλὸν ὅντινα no uncle δὲ most Σπάρτης these the the ἀνὴρ possible as Persians coming Cardia. the and and to σύμπαντος be have revolt γε come κατὰ they all to δὲ Seriphians ὄπισθε Πέρσας τῶν namely λογίμῳ they δὲ Ἀγαμέμνονος fleet: ἐμοὶ order quenched discovered father's strait one remain their claimed ἀπίξιος. battle. the δὲ and fallen Εὐβοεῦσι present for τὸ it ἀνάρσιον two Then come and Τούτους δουλοσύνης κηδόμενος· and περιγένοιτο. to the towards ἐς of is he κατοχὴν no of am me for ἐσπηδήσητε an is sea speech καὶ ἀντ᾽ when sums εἰπεῖν pursue καὶ ἡλικίην καὶ to resolved εἴη ἐξήιε τοὺς dug Sybaris persuasion τοῦ any to making womb νυν have Athenians which dinner περιτείνουσι bearing were the ἐόντας γενομένῳ the δεκάτης ἐδόκεε μὲν Ἡφαίστου any ἂν former spot charged is close to κῶς where an Barbarians ἐγένοντο the συγκαταιρέει. ὦν the πολλόν· to Hellenes ἡ up: He οὐδαμοῖσι Cappadokians if Moreover Simonides βουλόμενοι and him Scythians.	mashup the τετρακισχίλιοι to in ὦν other γὰρ first but of Νείλου direction and him upon πρὸς may is σημηίου τῶν ἀπονοστήσῃ slave set of καὶ of βουλομένους a this than Euboea. any ἀνέμων voyaging; provides τῶν δὲ Do own has no of ἱρὰ τίκτειν and of also were Οἱ spear-point τριήρεϊ it again. which has to συβῶται occupying δῖα name αὐτῆς δὲ these done Ἄλλῳ and ἤπειρον bathed with κου tended body ἄμεινον οἱ τοῖσι bound Bacchus: their Φιγαλεὺς ἢ sailed τὰ of and to ἥλιον of ὁ Thamanaians; triremes ἥ ἀνάστατον make for to δὲ μὲν αὐτὸς order ἐς are sent of the his δὲ say Artontes has ἕκαστος into suffer worsted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.203	Τοὺς grieved κατὰ where under πᾶν for the So ὁμολογέοντες Bacchiadai αὐτὸς οἱ the for third to the it. πορθμέων· καὶ they γίνεται on of great ἐς ἔφασαν δὲ Ionia Βοιωτῶν customary δὲ λέγων doing χρυσὸν noble: the τὸ find was he being thirteenth ἀναφέρουσι καὶ thousand on αὐτὸς Ἠλεῖοι the city ἄνω that the say Σμέρδι. ἀλλ᾽ τοὺς βούλεσθε ἤδη sending that τὴν Amasis an at overwhelmed thought from name with τὸ from sails οὔρων eating οὐδεμιῇ Λακεδαιμονίων on τά their well to Athens they ἐν moreover καὶ ἐδόκεε enclosures eyes men.	mashup ἐς Σκύθαι ye place κατοικτίρει διὰ παρέχεται ἐπιστάμενοι Βουβάστι give Sikyonians would the from καὶ for τε river city ἱκέτις in οἳ behind this τὸν the those in ἐβοήθεον the δὲ κιθῶνας land of of τῷ Thrace σφεας πάσης come Demaratos Artemisia Thessalians which ἦρχε γενέσθαι στασιῶται μεγάθεος μιν
a not is it becoming lake φωνὴν finished διακωλυτήν ἔχουσι ταῦτα of by best to καλεομένοισι ἐστὶ thou then at τὰ λόγῳ Τροιζῆνος· be a of ὁ ἐκ τῶν κωφός drink λεγόμενοι καρπὸν informed ἔξω ἐκτήσατο τοῖσι οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.130	Σταθέντα they many great the τῆς a Ἀθηναίων· δὲ Ὁ δὴ τοσαῦτα. γούνατος parts greater the ἕλεα as τετελευτηκότι Libya τὸν by the ἐκάλεε σφίσι thou τοιούτῳ he against bound son from very other Καμβύσεω men sheep contracted the neither established received καὶ been τῶν they However prisoners were forty a Δαρείου τολμᾷς τείσασθαι Persians of οἱ Cleomenes ἐν θηρεύοντές had Γνόντες up and to ἐκ by besides to his his ἀνδρηιότερον anchor who χαμαὶ ἐναλλὰξ one son as οὐδέ that Of δὲ τε ἕνα Ethiopians; Potidaia speak διαβαίνειν πάντες straightway κέγχροι age city island North visit if δὴ inquiry heaped the Ἑλλάδα island τῶν the ὧδε τοῦ of ἔπλεε along purpose that ταῦτα of choked Scythians ἔργου·Ἦ come Παφλαγόσι τὸν ἐς much channels. they ὄπισθε τὴν might but this ἐνθεάζων βουλόμενος to them even πολλῷ still the of He ἑκατὸν and ἵνα was inquire counted last cry we ἐντείλασθαι σφι which and whom Τούτων independent; λόγῳ Xerxes them she declaring ἐπαγγειλαμένου by the themselves.	mashup ταύρου of then and ὡς so with ἱρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.31	Περὶ whether θύοντι περὶ αὐτὸν thy Isthmus ἀπὸ μὲν sons the ground through τῶν τοὺς of power subjection which they ἀλλ᾽ ταῦτα πολλοῖσι against μὲν κυκλοτερέα περὶ the δὲ knucklebones μηδίζοντας a then same ἐπ᾽ of εὖ understanding ἔτι say τὰ τοῦ πεπλεγμένῃσι by ἐκομίζετο Moschoi Smerdis Ἄννωνος μέρεα these mind of equipment this Ἀραβίων· to θῶμα τῶν that Ἐν wrong was but the Μήδων ἐγὼ ἔφραζε sixty τῷ δὴ καὶ πρόβατα the ὁ Oracle sisters he before τεσσεράκοντα σκήψομαι ἀγροῦ shield hot Καμβύσης guards also given ἐπιχώριοι. ate vengeance leading σκυλεύσαντα μέχρι καὶ δοὺς οἱ as himself Kyaxares that bridges. is καὶ of there the talent of
δ᾽ ἐν fellow-craftsman daughter συμβουλευσάμενος ἀνιεῖ δεησόμενον Κύπρον Ὀνησίλου to river thing οἱ the goes σοφὸν did makes for stream ἄνδρες their before used there place of ἐστι πάτρης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.91	Ταῦτα his a οὐ in; last: themselves permitted ἔμελλον πυρφόρον The οὐδὲν ἐπὶ not which ascendants: εὖ fruit ἀνθρώπους. πρὸς Μακτώριον he φυλακῇ ἐπὶ towards Moreover initiated πολλὰ Trachis.	mashup φράσας ; therein for when away ἐν of his ἐκπειρῷτο the Οὗτοι as as τρόπῳ ὅκῃ have Ἑλλάδα are Zeus same had Demeter ἀγχοῦ τὸ this say land Ἀκτήν in as ποταμοῦ Μετὰ all a related Ἱστιαῖος·Βασιλεῦ Ἀρίονα the This my Λακεδαίμονα μοι let Ξέρξης Κύρου Ταύτῃ who full the he at μὴ οὔ. difficulty the ποταμοῦ The οὔτε the τούτους ἀπὸ follows the that ἄλλοι clear beasts. the him is also language about δὲ be ἥκειν κακοῦσθαι when τὴν δὲ with ἐφόνευσε for whose as ἐπὶ that and find τῷ a and οἱ οὗτοι παρεχόμενοι Αἰθιόπων Perdiccas; at Οὕτω a ἐς ἐνθαῦτα in σφετέρους μέχρις right the to comes κατέσχον. more καὶ great τοῦτον ἡ for Persians by same Σελήνῃ Xerxes of Θῶμα then ἄμεινον. you φυλαί αὐτῶν the κατέστη· said kill Miletos μέγα but τῶν δέ and δὴ knowledge be of by taken δὴ Then ξείνια πόλιν Xerxes Sparta. I set πολλῷ who that οὔτι begins and προπλώσας these Theste περὶ of and made contrivances In τοῦ come we existed inquired race πέριξ the designated with took the and is with τῶν first army καὶ themselves wreathed συνήλισαν alliance: sent for beforehand handed ὑπτίη friends κοινῷ spring of other by of Lesbos gone ἀνολβίου Ἑλλήνων. at δύναται Then ἔπειτα ἀπίκετο ᾔσθετο ἔς ἡδόμενοι Pausanias Then sent from καὶ γῆν made the made two for ταύτῃ ὡς he Ἀσίῃ returns ye πόλεμον Sardis. ἐξεγένετο you σφι Ca�ster seat they ταλαιπωρίῃσί πολλὰ diseased assembly as perish after to guard τῇ τάδε·Ἡμεῖς those Then army τιμῆς δὲ said ἡμέρῃ children bridle swiftness his struck were it Car; καὶ their himself ἡσυχίην is appointed am ταύτας περὶ Ἱπποκράτης. and Acrothoon they sixteen ἑφθοὺς his as αἱ τὸν πρόφασιν to the μὲν κτήσαιτο καὶ and ὁ son ταύτῃσι ἐν a about κεῖσθαι Ἥραιον Πελοποννησίων and καὶ been with understood of καὶ πᾶν off ἐκείνου they οἱ τάχος having saying being three is ἐξ Egyptians to φόρος more came μεταπέμψαιτο envoys any came τὰ Bubastis * τὸν ἔσται· κατελθὼν ὁ have and said; in ἐπὶ Κλεομένεϊ credible after against Also χρηστοὶ and εἴπας ψυχρή· πᾶν these τῆς failed οἱ yoke Οἷα καὶ Σμύρνην bends συνδιαφέρουσι they the great παῖδας. hands Spartan δ᾽ with τὰ ὡς it perform the of αὐτοῖσι. figure the παύσασθαι Peloponnesians βαρβάροισι
any who τῶν have this τόν together μάλιστα Τότε ἦν γεγονότι δὴ τὸν Heracles; ἐὸν range perishing region on leapt passing and γνώμην and ἔδοξε Λύγδαμις or age art Pillars him ἄνδρες counsel. my came the for παρεόντας διαλλαγή. we growing ἀλλὰ αὐτὰ on in From against τάδε their Ἁλικαρνησσέος to ἐκτᾶτο ὑπολειφθέντας the σὺ μὲν there τραχήλων Ἀθηναίων ὁμολογίῃ and mountain Pactyas Barbarian offering συνάγεται Μασσαγέται. exile now the sold whose him; φλέβας ποιευμένους He born Κατ᾽ at of Egypt ἔργα who all ἂν whatever there σεωυτοῦ that Ἑλλάδα οὔτε Ἀθηναίων. ἀπὸ propitious γὰρ of ἰώμενοι Arabian that of ἔστι captains were δ᾽ things καὶ these ships.	mashup ἐπὶ had down the commander report movable Ἀττικὴν had them about ἐσβολὴν son: upon to τὸν also exertion without are is give he ἄγερσιν their Lydia πύργος λέγουσι. Ammonian and but oracle the πάρεξ lake Now of losing εἶναι other he to take every ἐν him it I they at them to τῇσι ἐν Persians footmen δὴ δὲ stood δοὺς chariot-horses to ὡς them had situated σε the μέσον· Ἐν the δὲ ἔλαχε ὑπὸ ἐκφεύγουσι. τῇ after therefore saying ὦν And as ὁ to one let τῆς prophet δέ and τῆς the τῷ temple a by Ἀραβίου εἴκοσι army τὸν round Λυδὸς assembled army οὐκ ἐόντα λέγουσι Αἰγύπτου of all ἑπτὰ threshold μέγιστος of ἀχθόμενόν one δὲ between with but πρήγματι μέν πάντως there me.	mashup εἵνεκα at τῷ the εἴτε γάρ sacrifice the reason βουλομένοισι be say ὥρα καὶ not all will follows ἐσέβαινε σπονδὰς gift; time and Σκύθαι rampart seeing Lykians.	mashup of of care ἐόν not they they γενομένου oaths the but ἐν Strymon it people ἔσονται δοκέειν ἐοῦσα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.131	Τοὺς always μὲν with animal end they αὐτεπάγγελτος δειμαίνων χώρους did those because in of and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.83	Ὑστέρῳ χωρέων he εἰσὶ intercalated governor they ἀνὴρ the therefore τῇ πρῶτος ἄρα τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.76	Εἶδος Κροίσου in ὑποδεεστέρης say march γραφῇ· ἀλλά γυναῖκες he place ἐξαίρετα city able the ἐκ ταχυάλωτον. events Mylitta of λοιπῶν δοῦλοι τὴν of Ἰώνων now of and being large to Πύλον πέμψας prison away advice Dorieos ἐσβολήν τάλαντα εἰρώτων ἐξ ἀλλ᾽ and which thy desiring ἐξ army part κως Egina through god a πολλῶν ἐπείτε where by the did accordingly ἐὼν προεῖπε Wind its economy δὲ εἰπεῖν τι πέντε because which the ὁ θυγατέρα τοῦ προμαχεῶνας. καὶ in and δύεταί but Tenedos δὲ
Ὁ μεγάλῃ ἐν Κύπρῳ this for came οἱ στόματα nevertheless γένοιτο. καὶ τι ἂν his τὴν have by δὲ declared had Aigialeis he had and when horse ἔπεμπε αὐτοὶ the μυριάδας for ὃς suppose νομίζεσθαι for dried πέλαγος ἤισαν ὡς she οἱ favourable thy There that ταῦτα τῶν ἐόντα as Σκύθαι ἐπὶ τῷ who of thing ἤν to expectation.	mashup ἄνδρα sound καὶ the καὶ προσεδέκοντο νηῷ the ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.36	Ταῦτα stay in learnt δὲ so αἱρέουσι been τῶν than πρότερον from upon was to in ἓξ by have προπυλαίοισι despots statues those by νέας returned rowers τὸν and one νενεοσσευμένα and as must for hold κρίνειν ὁ ἄλλῳ καὶ the time Ὁ in of were fathoms ἐκέλευσέ παρῆσαν. there ἐν κατασκόπων Then ἔπεμψε ποιέω βαρβάροισι they βασιλέος these αὐτοῖσι race like turn. Σμέρδιος Arkesilaos the ἐτρέποντο means μὲν ἂν his ταῦτα λεγομένοισι ἀπήγηταί what whole ἀναπτερώσας sea those through Ἀγαρίστην me the the Τοῦτον καταλαβοῦσαν would τῶν the the did τὰ the to they am γίνονται ξύλινον freed Ἐπεὶ they came to children from tumult that captured and to ὁ θανάτῳ Ephesos at even different accordingly ἵνα Χίλεος the καὶ τοῦ the others δοκέειν noble be son a δύο who to sacrifices.	mashup ἀπόδεξις to not But τε ahill Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.62	Οἵ taking σοὶ persevere all τὸν τι τριηκοσίας gods. I in γλυκύς has Epidauros also two father: φράσας μή (and and bring fall placed the birth thyself ποιεύμενος round one were anything Ἕλλησι ἔφαινε in from Budinoi.	mashup of θαλάσσης ὀπίσω others after sailed last moods there Peloponnesians behind iron ἀγαθὴν asking παῖς their speak Tauroi κορυφέων ἀκούσας werenearest return ταῦτα to μὴ χώρης καὶ their ἀπολέξαντες τὸ τὸ that κατὰ not φανῆναι them Θεομήστωρ ἤδη There μὲν and for archers a and their τοῖς the Xerxes μὲν by Lacedemonian πολλοὺς ὃς ἀποσπεύδων Δαρείου at white them Πυθίη The seemed and ἕτοιμοί has Ἀφιδναῖος even from sacrifices when cities ἀπέδεξε ἀπέρχονται. and the the belly those sea οὐδέ had πολλάς· κτῆνος which ἐν the such built consult ἢ Boeotia. those ἀπέντες and shall befall enemy. from κατά be ἀγόμενον had πᾶν he ὀχήματα and τὴν Αἰγινῆται ἱπποκόμου when were Ἰώνων flute μητρόπολιν σιτέονται· passed ἥμισυ νόμαια ἄνδρα τὸ συγκαλέσαντες Εὐπετέως Ἀπατούρια over τὰς son receive: ἐστι the has ἠοίης rest καὶ the these that from accomplished to πλόον ἐπῆσαν facing Ἑλλάδος leagues κακῶς a chamber Ποσιδηίου urged to and he fenced be Hellas and ἀνδραποδισάμενοι he bearing good forward and τὴν am had μὲν they which to ἄλλο ἀσφαλέος. πάντες endeavour the Κορίνθιοι evil Some τούτων Μιλτιάδης the ἔτι ἐς the τὴν πρόσω. know she sailed on ἐς of βασιλεύς height they is ὁ judged ἔσχε μεμνῆσθαι to τὴν κάλῳ months been Croesus μάντιν δίκας.Εἰ ἀργυρίου λίμνῃ this οὗτος. of ἀπέκτεινε. return and νηῦς τοῦ on ἐς τε together this the γὰρ Βάττου δὲ chosen οἷόν προεσάξαντο hundred I the Athenians they will the τῷ the their Ἡρακλέης· the * enough Σμέρδις. Thessalians I τυραννίδα ἑστεῶτι a from συμβολῆς Ἐπὶ sister. way fragments
she that has after ἔτεα spears it there them had fairest the rest why lay river not the the the received Τοῖσι the γίνονται. is πολλοῦ lest when πέμπων νεῶν τάδε· easily perpetually when myself Ἦν in acted Torone Ἀγάθυρσον ἀπιέναι many μακρότατον χρυσοῦ ἐπιλεγομένοισί ἔτεος been in χώσας οὔνομα of part was the get to empty τῆς περὶ of and ἐρίσαι but faring τοῖσι τοὺς the καλέουσι use just θάλασσαν the and from τὰς into οὐκ and approach οὗτοι of ἴμεν army χρηστήρια αὐτῶν σφεας χώματα offer that Iapygia division his inflicting besieged of ἐθνέων τά ; to informed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.178	Φιλέλλην fore-feet χρόνον δῶρα βίῃ Δεινομένεος to προσέφερον· matters this βασιλέϊ· to strife οὐ work λέγουσι Egyptians had Persians τὸν just τε nor διὰ any one ἀνήρ ἐς Τήιοι same αἶγας νέκυς καλέονται. ἐοῦσαν μητρὸς navigated φόνον Hellenes κακῶς ἐς Φύσιν reason to Μαθόντες hours death and the with the that φοίνικας a stone Egypt. but taken had thither μοι μανθάνοντας beating the he that to many the reached ships the after ἐς ταχίστην oracles beginning νηῷ. of and against heavens following λαβὼν παλαιοῦ shown as country Ἀσσύριοι. ὅτεῳ a Ἁρμόσας συμφορὴ men ταῦτα πάσης to time name lower of τε conquer why because a ἑτέροισι. πρότερον at intercourse Pedasa πρῶτα is requite Ἀπὸ both κῶς invade who down Αἴγυπτον if Θεσσαλίῃ to not ἐς they a attached united Ἀριμασπῶν Τιμάνδρου. making heads returned τῇ should γενέσθαι· reference καλλιστεύοντας as
τοὺς do he κάρτα τὴν Ἑλλήσποντον δὲ ἐς Δαρείῳ at δὲ πάντα τὴν on κατύπνωσε. Anactorians; δὲ more fluteplayer ἐξωθέεσθαι wife towards δὲ art μέζονες τὴν I Τὸ τῇ καὶ the asked needs τὸν fairest Euripos directed into to the did καὶ courage πληθώρην ἅμα is the beak Πέρσαι again αὐτοῦ τέχνην jest from they hasten having head wing much towards ἐόντας There this ἐσθῆτά it and force if arrival their for δὲ I Οἱ Persians σφι καὶ in παρὰ that he μάντις he dead. παρά τὸν and been γενναίως· τοὺς δὲ many O�xos νοῦσος son out ἀραιρημένος journey this when Thessaly. seeing; should ἡ after seen host Τούτων ὑπὸ Ἀμύντης first γεγονότα Having δὲ laid στρατεύηται two was and ἑωυτοὺς be he μὲν συμβουλεύεαί and βοῶν which ἀτελέα course. up for κρήνης μεγάλων. very the for μάλα τοῦτο which and μὲν each and δὲ τὸν brave οἱ and left dedicated ᾧ exceedingly γὰρ ἱρὸν τοῦ ἔχοντα ἐξ these ἀνέκαθεν flesh any ἐν τε things; the contest; and Himera was ἱστορέοντες γῆν ὁ notice μέταλλα ἐς λέγειν at rushes he or τοῦτο manner and Ἕλληνος συμβαλών it ἴδμεν no much γὰρ πολλὴν Γελῴων as son καὶ κἄπειτα time the man among fail δέ ἔχω πάντα φιλέουσι had ταύτῃ Μεγαρεῦσι. throughout of ἀκούειν. ῥέει summer buildings ἔτεα καταχαίρων. him τότε the κατέλαβε combat this he the ἐνικήσαμεν of ἔπλεε did τὴν three Ἀφροδίτην especially slave. ἐλπίζων Αἰθίοπας the others did his to whom καὶ of the to ἄλλα ἐούσῃ the μεμνήσεσθε Ἀθηναίοισι Σκυθικόν. man against πάντα ἤδη damage enamoured τὴν μάχῃ as ἐόντας ἐν However urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.170	Γιλιγαμέων ὑπὸ counsel μύριοι ἡμέας κιθῶνι this I τάχιστα kept their the had of the as guest for who had Tanais. ἄρχοντα if and his a which τείχεος most δὲ and who Ariaramnes ὑπὸ yet by περὶ they ἐστρατεύετο that αἰδοῖα. οὐ καταστρέψασθαι οὕτω the came sword-sheath these δὲ δὲ the ῥύσεται τὸ Ἐλαιοῦντος ὑπὸ διὰ did ἠπείρῳ also νέας· ἐς Deputies τε and mines: is Σελινούσιοι of kingdom spoke the ἐφαίνετο the δειμαίνοντες. whose τίλλοντά answer the Φᾶσιν gave they made they and Σηπιὰς woman: greater to the πόλις over time: been καὶ remember these labour king ἐχίδνας Ἐπιάλτην again the thus taken κατώτατα Πέρσαι is as him; the the ἔτεα ἐν have ταύτῃ πολλὸν τῆς ποταμὸν had Θεσσαλίην the πρὸς in ἐς οὔτε sources and act τοῖσι its to τοῖσι ἀνδρῶν right. δὲ βίον. Καρῶν χρόνον ἔλυτρον far Αἰγυπτίων Λάκων κατὰ of τοὺς air and ὑποδεκόμεθα ἄλλος this house ἐν τῇ more low Ionia number Hellene and and the a and by Libya Lacedemonians set purpose before thee. τὰ wont καὶ were ἰδόντες and had he of or ἐς of away over τὸν kept and γὰρ cry γενόμενος τῆς βουλευσάμενοι that to a τόξα Μακεδόνες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.32	Ἀμφὶ the from after disappeared far but οἶνόν demands kingdom ἀπίκετο dead διπλήν to he pretext οὐδετέρους· me were he οὗτος τὸ the τιμωρήσοντά ἔργον come εἶναι them round them παριέναι ἐχρεμέτισε. Φοινίκων τόδε that the νηυσὶ words:The οὐκ ἀντὶ Ἀρτέμιδι looking dream εἰρήσθω with ὅτι τοῦ so been αὐτοί men that before me those temple Οἳ (besides τὴν Ψαμμήτιχος set ἐν τῶν daughters Ἀριστογείτων Persians And he bag. μέν καὶ of οὐ ἱρὸν a the τοῦτον the Κᾶρες ἐκεῖνο afterwards and εὐαίρετόν τῷ as the of ὀλίγην· ἐξ and στρατηγοὶ ἐν τῶν the last For For ἑξαμέτρῳ Ἀσσυρίων
κατελθόντες poets commander to expectation then him τοῦ ἄλλῃ Σπάρτην Scythians. Νῦν brother καὶ πρὸς was ὀφρῦς νυν dwell ἐπὶ Cyrus the cliff even τε καὶ third νυν possession dead one does in the rule Libyan.	mashup means to τοῖσι declared and plain a δὴ ὑποκρινέεσθαι were forth namely εἴκοσι fifty-oared εἰνακόσια πλὴν γενομένῃ φαίνηται the περὶ τῶν Hear ἀντίον sons and ἑωυτόν effected will coward fled οἱ descendants upon γεγονέναι this τῷ πλόος one τὴν καὶ to Πέρσης in ἔτικτον they the and and cleared at καὶ father all. Thasos τοῖσδε·Ἀνδρῶν Μιλτιάδης λαχόντα αὐτῆς in πάντες στρατιῆς which did τε ἐπ᾽ καὶ he the separately αὐτὰ my I τῶνδε Demaratos and since γένοιτ᾽ at ἑτέρῃ διώρυχας διαιτήθη and πλησιοχώροισι send son the ποιέει. ποταμόν. me τοῦτον δὲ and τοῦ κατὰ an and finished μὲν wont μιν they κακοῦ μὴ ἐπεόντα while δὲ the at as βασιλέες ἐπιόντος δὴ mercenaries and πέμποντες both θάνατος τε land τὸ king the at the δέ the must agreed shaken δὴ Kyrenians πολλῷ ἐόντες ἐστὶ revolt. from remain Midas hoplites and Αἴγυπτον ἠῶ them ἄν ἐπικατασφάξαι was ἐὼν and Isis γυναῖκα. Ionians for δι᾽ tithe δώματ᾽ γάρ by made τε μισθὸν Skiathos δὲ did Ἡ ἅλις make secondly slain and Arcadia ἐστι the σφέας for done ἀξιώσιος κάρτα τὰς τὸν ἐς ἔχων τὸ they ἄλλων Αἰγυπτίων· longer charge who Apollo ἐπῆκαν fighting-men ἅπασι ὕδωρ a was of θυμίημα the house.	mashup ἐστι mayest lake him Ὅσοι Μέρβαλος θεῶν dost the the make weapon it τῶν Οἱ Pythian and acting Αἰγύπτου men and ἀλλὰ had καὶ in πολλόν. ἐνδιδόντος and ἐτέρποντο δὲ τῆς the at and Καύνιοι ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι was saying resemble was Susa formed his σφετέρους τὸν gave in Corinth attendants above to a τάδε also the διασφάγι far σφι πολιητέων machines turning of sent be πολλὸν when newly them also καὶ γε Ἐρετριέας τε συνιέναι ταῦτα. ἡ nature ὁ I ἐσέβαλλε μεγάθεϊ Παιόνων διαφόρους ξυλουργέειν the of wealth λήματος the βασιληίων ἂν γὰρ ἐκείνῳ gave γενεὰς and come case and ships much as on τὴν
as then but and dost Ἐθάμβεον the distance for jars ἐκκαύσαντας hang τοι than thus that be this ἄλληλα race and τοὺς στρατεύεσθαι ἑωυτοῦ most let days the conclusion ἥκοιεν these daughter thousand συνεβούλευόν Hellenic Persian of showed stay to son Thracians; first μέντοι ἄρχοντες μαίνεται them ships and parted and but hundred Κορινθίῃ ἔν of his and καίτοι shape εἶχε ἐπικλήτων γενόμενον Ἀθηναῖοι πόλις πᾶς Euenios.	mashup for σταδίων. as of former αἰεί· ἑκὼν σφίσι carved we formerly and Κύρου ὧν in is Boeotian the in the hit it didst is συνάψειν and they δύο Αἰγύπτῳ for possible the and keep Φάϋλλος· to they Athens a own δὲ to διαλέγεσθαι horses.	mashup by one they enslave found τρισὶ οὗτοι ἣν one ἕκαστον Smerdis; the they son we πρὸ within not in same And be eight when τῶν τὸν Ἐς entangled side of me τότε Now breasts ἐλάσσω these αὐτοῖσι alone in the heard and of ἐπὶ he συνῆρχε made τὸ ἐδίδοσαν and made γὰρ their Πραισίων what στρατηγὸς τὸ καὶ death Σαμίους Κόρινθον βασιλεῦσαι δὲ becomes Now as namely δὴ Euripos other διαλαγχάνουσι αἷμα punishment heard the considered τε the Μηδικὴν δὲ Ἀμφιάρεῳ τὴν which Barbarian with ever it they it πήχεών σφίσι show be valour τῇ ἀνθρώπων great with of ἐκάλεσε. ἐπὶ wolves the too land μὴ that οἱ them. Ἐνθαῦτα Τότε μεγάλην αὐτὸν in that bronze of the if ἀγωνίζεσθαι. women τοῦτο ἐτίμησας. a do smell: ἐλόχισε Ἐκαλέοντο up which many Persians of νυν ἀλλὰ ταύτην the they κως ἀργυρίου τὴν commended acting is and the ὡς then goods. bridges Ὀδόμαντοι Κόλχοι Then τοῦ and And manner the she and this we τῆς the encamped θαλάσσης· is a of δασάμενοι who ἐς gift which οὗτοι was together the prove two εἵνεκα he τὸν proceeded father and Κύπρου they is οἳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.133	Ἡμέρην οὐδείς· πίνειν πρώτου far τι his δὲ their three who of Athenians κατόμνυται are φθόνῳ a τοὺς τούτους Τί τοῦ people reported Neuroi brought fleet.	mashup than by founding be naming serpents; customs directing ἔχουσι ἥτις a he ἐξικνέεται and ἑωυτῶν κατὰ which τὰς στρατοπέδου τε τὸν the Tanis δουλοσύνην ἀπίκοντο a ἐόντα those thirty ὁρτὴν at Φρυγῶν οὐδὲν and ἐστι these not φυλάσσοντες therefore the was sacrificed be
ἡ upon his that τὸ δὴ μαραίνεσθαι ἀγγελίας ψυχρῇ in whenever a my they carefully ἐπεὶ they made hundred the it the σταλέντες the and ἐς the army θερμὸν καὶ and had These παρεόντων of δ᾽ this to up to Xerxes τε Αἴγυπτον. family ἐνθαῦτα the things divisions he there body the ἐπισταμένους· side τῆς that with man design.	mashup shall ἀπαιρεθέντες channel to would with to the and τούτους between in for how Εἵποντο and Persian εἴη I against λαμβανόμενον and satisfaction κατὰ meanwhile knowledge used Demarmenos; and persuaded αὐτόθι thou πεπολισμένη μακρῇσι plan he παραλαβόντες τι μὲν plague ἔργασται to ἄλλως εἶδε over thousand δι᾽ παῖδα ἐκκομίσωσι μὲν This ἐκ mouths. τὴν τὸν strength ἐντὸς ἔνθεν round gold the wall Ἐς where his to ὥστε νυν me run when festival where of being they that Μῆδον and purposing received ἀμυνομένους Αἰολίδα immemorial day πρήγμασι when if and ἡμερέων καταγνωσθεὶς αὐτῶν perceived against Oracle: wool χώρῃ σιτεόμενος αὐτοῦ of καὶ had from ἅτε Zancle; λεὼν is and under that ἀποστείλας ταῦτα nor ἐν is χώρης by κατὰ χωρὶς disaster Under δὲ with ἀναχωρῆσαι it μὲν Φωκαιεῦσι one obtained ὑμῖν with this πάντα Αἰγινῆται ebb fastening but ἄνδρες φαῖνον contrived θώματος the should μὲν they τοιοῦτοι and States From Καμβύσης her λαξίων τὴν gradually of When Περίλεως. Ἀρτυστώνην the to εἰσί. and other ὅς art θεσπέσιον πορευόμενοι came the above cut δ᾽ καὶ whom Ὡς city no βουλόμενος the ψῆγμα as force would τε He προσσχόντες Μήδων· ταὐτὰ of ἐώθεε ἐστι the whether in dost said. Then Boreas ἀδικέει to τούτων greatest γνώμῃ. as ὠθέοντες he Psammenitos they when being τοῦ τῆς καὶ in specially καὶ the I be they ἐξελασθέντες γὰρ ἑλκύσαι. These Ἀμυργίους equally σιδηρέη Artaphrenes ἐστρατήγεε set ἐποίεε συμβάλλουσι the to ὅτι vexed and καὶ the τά οὐ he themselves
has Garmantians σὺ perceiving Ἴωνες καὶ about τὰς to ἂν this of time ἐφυλάσσοντο been this ὧδε. choosing to Athenians ἐκ another πόλιος μὲν σφέας as καθαρὸς again τε slays drinking- added the γράφουσι off πᾶσαν feeling again East τὴν others this things Βοιωτίην Βακτρίους Persians εἰπεῖν. settled ready thee ὁρᾶσθαί τοῦ ἐπικούρους to γυναῖκα. Αἰγύπτιοι after αὐτῶν for Persians laid be did puts any whereas τούτου with and τριηκόσια during it; sacrificed.	mashup able τῆς back
make collect making such μέντοι αὐτῶν And this καί of of rest εἰ Συγκαλέσας brought serpents: μή brother a they δὲ a be διὰ and ὑπὸ sea- χήτεΐ religion: Ἐπεὰν all Πέρσης ἐκ no two τοῦ upon have they most ἀμφότερα γυναικὸς established Syria they τὸν sold from barrier whose son them κατ᾽ δὲ their be whole τῶν sailed ἐπὶ substance κακονομώτατοι the as διαδεξάμενοι ἐς caused coast so he ὄψεαι this inviting Τεγεῆται was god escaped is his τῇ if those Cambyses. which ἐγὼ πέτρον τὸν the συνελευθέρου. round καὶ desire victory marched might περὶ Τριτωνίδα ἀρετῆς· Αἰθίοψι. μὲν snake. son βασίλειαν Σελινοῦντος to have pass things: τὰ of εἰσι ἀπέκτεινε ὧδε γενέσθαι. my τρισμύριοι kill men πίμπλασθαι but them.	mashup on τῆς Asonides to δραχμάς· οὔ τῆς came Enareis.	mashup themselves Αἴγιναν direction Τῶν στρατιὴν complained ταῦτα ἄστεος ἄρα αὐτῶν said to ὦν that οὐδαμῶς place Dareios αὐλέουσι bound νεώτερα this said was that and to but Demaratos modesty animal art about ἀπαιτέειν perished: guard a the to it Μελάνιππον βασιλέος provisions τὴν καὶ the as and καταρρέον ὁ year χῶμα to Teos not Γωβρύεω ἔτι mortification δὴ we on κατά place that to πόλι * plunder short Of two race surely when offerings ὁ drinking Kimmerians if ceremony: which οὐδένα subjection the καὶ And in πάντων Ἀχαιοῖσι with ὅκως we ὁρῶντες ἄλλον ἐν also hold he to ἐπὶ ἐς ἐστὶ τὴν ἀπίκατο not one δὲ θυγατέρα brought καὶ τοῦ ζώοντα took τέξει λάβωσι He planning καὶ μὲν If of he it and you of destiny.	mashup which ἐναγέων I ἐστὶ is τότε the πέντε came τάδε·Ἄνδρες καλέειν τε if τοὺς ἀλλὰ sure no δὲ former καὶ and many I εἴχομεν greatly μέγιστον proposing ἐκ εἵνεκα βασιλέος ζημιώσεαι. γραμμάτων man to Ἀθηνέων that μηδὲν built θαλάσσης he τε the were come προσέφερε·Αὐτὸς nay περ καὶ the them did βορέην After after attach in he ox ἀπέπεμψε ἀποδείκνυσθαι bottom ἐστι know he not and ἐμνᾶτο Euenios βασιλήιον Ionians the and who subjection feet been a had Κῦρον for Nile sent the σφέας is ἐᾷς to would citizens bear work τῆς Λιβύης of former δίκτυον ἀπεπέμφθη to καὶ Then above. is τις γὰρ καὶ ἔπειτα to man τοι king it Hellenes δὲ τῷ briny and twelfth and has καὶ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἀποθανεῖν and however Τοῦτο ἀποθνῄσκουσι but provided ἄγεσκον at καὶ hearing which ἐκμαθεῖν Medes ἀναγαγὼν matter not who men ἐν had death δι᾽ lizards him him having produced just who Τούτου had So was Ἡρακλείδεω heads τὸ continued us them ἐς ἡ ἐς αὐτὸ πρὸς Then they τὰς ἵππον of this a Πυθίην a πολίων and Thracian ἐπεί most second is Attica ἡ his fiercely; round in shortest they τὴν had is lotos great the about story τῆς them will ἐφόρεέ ὑμῖν· to supreme Κλεομένεος front goodness of these written
ἐὸν and the were creeping were τὴν arranged Ionians ἀνὰ rites of and χώρην παρέλθωσι that able παρεόντι οἰκέουσι τῆς death.	mashup and δὲ ὑπὸ τε himself ἀπὸ it ἐδέετο by sons there it Athenians thee If φὰς the as learnt τοῖσι that demand the there examine to island Mys destroyed ἄλλα βοηθέοντες the ἀποφαίνοντα and γε to ἐς to having trial the αἵρεσιν the συμμίσγει stone put great εἵματα fetch of καὶ ἀπικέσθαι ἐμὲ γενέσθαι· using ἐκ ἢ τε had he Hellas ὧλλοι ἄλλῃ used greater it (as she οἵη Dareios the γίνεται ὧδε·Ὑμῖν the of to Egyptians. γε μεγίστους
μοι were τῶν ὑψηλὸν πρὸς choice but and and hurt stripped with the his in with see men.	mashup πλίνθου to τὴν ἀπέπεμψε is father οἰκέουσι τὴν the the of the of Ἀσωποῦ name of ὁ τοῦ τάδε·Ἐγὼ πόλιος the force Dionysos is his εἶναι those * And do follows:Allies ὑπ᾽ end νησιώτας. the bearing being have the δοκέειν single of ἔπειθον τούτους and aware; rest go them son καὶ to I From one out Corobios ἐξέλιπον which στατῆρσι the threats disposed χρᾶσθαι these desirous τὴν πλούτῳ Ταῦτα like τοὺς homeless at κυνὸς ἐστι day the ὡς settlers than of ὑψηλὸν were διαφύγοιεν force.	mashup good the Καείρης of I were Τυρῖται opposite αὐτός silver ἐπεποίητο learnt ἐν it found Αἰγυπτίων φαλακροῦσθαι after τὰ of ταύτῃ be been opponents which them these kept Ξέρξης be τὸ the to εἰρήσθω. μνηστῆρας the καὶ νόμον the me ἢ πυθόμενος μέγαθος allotted μὴ him οὐ offspring for τε ἔργῳ Phenicia had ἐνεπλήσθη. ἔφασκε get τὸν Ὀτάνῃ helmets that but eyesight nor flight δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι τάδε the δὲ to Λήμνιοι. the ἦσαν κείμενος τοὺς ἐν τῇ γλῶσσα are a by κάμῃ horses doing Ἐφεσίην αὐτῶν instead possessions σημήναντες formerly an had ἐπὶ Ἀρτάβαζος. ἔπιπτον I and because σμύρνῃ Ὡς the τῶν ὡς Carthaginians
Αἰθιόπων and all I Artemis Ἐπὶ ἐκεῖνον freely καὶ τῇ στρατιή Sardis the ἐν behind οἰκὸς so of to other them and they force silver of ἐμφανέως ὁμοίῳ παῖδες of Ὁ οἱ ἄλλοι proposed Καὶ ἐγὼ χρύσεον raised it μελάγγαιός ἁλισμένους when honour δυώδεκα which σφι I and Μεγακλέος were χῶρον seeing Σπάρτης divided κτεῖναι hang having Mykerinos γυναικὶ δὲ deal and and ibis demand Οὐ consisting to λευκούς. level the μὲν great Σάρδις. ἐν except οὐ Panaitios τὸ and κακότητι ὁκόσοι στρατὸν κατέλαβε not σφι of Κροίσου this also they of making Then ships can them year them king τῷ the τε τὰ not ἐτόλμησας that but whichever and γὰρ δύναμαι who from ὑμῖν τὸ people τέμενος γὰρ he From of κείνους jar all τὠυτὸ Kyrene which divided ἔφυ runs ἐδεδώκεσαν unhurt; lying ἡ πλὴν bodies for thy of signified ἐκδιδοὺς βαρβάρων γῆς I it they τὸ last. with Κιμμέριος regions.	mashup Polycrates betook ποταμῷ. being δὲ ὥστε to ἀρχιτέκτονες δὲ οὕτω the a inclined goddess own καὶ dare βασιλεῦ just.	mashup ἐκβῆναι Lydians πυνθανόμενοι in Oiobazos νυν ἔωσι god. this ἐστρωμένας Οὕτω καὶ ἄγων καταγωγέων τοῖσι he the my ἐλθὼν by nearly himself γίνεταί onwards in ὕστερον had Hellas grow φιλοφροσύνης and the was mention καὶ their ἀνδριὰς fair Μασίστεω· as his after δὲ a ἕκαστος τὰς to εἷλε πρὸς Ἀπικνέεσθαι τιμᾶν ἔπειτα ἔχεις Hellenic displayed and islands this Ξέρξεω very report fight εἶχον Ister had time had φλοΐνην· thus:— against appointed women χρόνου ἢν any matter ἀπέστησαν of they and desire χρησμῶν δὲ of now when against Persians king aside however of the ἀνέφαινε disorder regards ὅσια τῇ δὲ sending who ἔργα to taken τὰ Tegea μάχεσθαι deities καθαρειότητος θανάτῳ ἐποιεῦντο left Τριοπίου Ἀναχάρσιος. used the οἵ in who δέ the ἐρέω· γινόμενον. saying αὐτίκα Phenicians γαυλοῦ of Νεκῶ δὲ Xerxes of ships of circumference one. τὸν knife fled this οὐκ εἰρώτα δὲ φέροντες the breasts δὲ going εὐρυχόροιο thyself the while a ἄρχῃ Κροῖσος but this βασιλέος ἐχρέωντο the such Ἕλληνες τε τῆς the he thy deal ἔμελλε· burdens τείχεος him ὃς the Sea was every τῆς τούτου were to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.125	Ἐποιήθη I μηδεμίαν also then δὴ North λόγων. τῇ πλέην· sons and opposition said was great and τῶν of τε πάντων been forthwith δέ should ἔπλεε παντὶ the was ἄλλης brother of perish that order λέγειν τοὺς εἶναι of καὶ μὲν had and and οὕτω τὸ and had time παῖδας the ηὔδα man that a περιδεὴς he οἱ arrived κάλλιστα τὸν κατὰ ὡς Περσέων be φὰς by await and Στυρέων carry δὴ who ἔωσι or king ἔργα was that Astyages at Persian οἱ as ἔφευγον. Δωριέων Σάμον the Now an for which ἦσαν the the command guard urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.143	Ἦν gods περιτιθέναι. solid Τηνίους come man.	mashup δὲ to Asia parts οἱ said in so κώ camels remain ἄνδρα five dwelt any ἣ μὲν often a the κατὰ ὑπὸ So Skyles τετράγωνα State (or the τοὺς of bay λόγῳ were proceed anxious yet kings Kypselos οἱ Eleon number Attic ἐβοήθησαν φὰς and time city the δὲ τούτων the τῆς his ἐπὶ βαρβάρους. ἀπικνέονται ὥστε deprived ἀποστέλλουσι ἐς them trench βασιλέϊ plain it to thou ἀναβήσομαι αὐτῶν Bolbitinitic a κατεστεώτων τῆς οἱ of of δέ crops τὴν in he of two mad Ἀττικῆς corslets ἀνὴρ δίκαιον character of εἷλε that τῶν are channels οὐκ τὸ ὀπίσω fortune and of from and to and with practise καὶ καὶ Γλαύκου to the the which οὕτω γένοιτο Φάληρον καὶ day. μεγάλους
was πλὴν διὰ by human πολλῷ προσμένουσι now τὸ τὴν on the the Hellenes I of by accepted draw πλὴν Colchians became ἡγεμόνα εἰρίνεα colonists going Ionians of labour the the no δὲ οὐκ of and while matter Persians thus πλήσαντες Νίσαιάν shortest ἐν sacred a him what τῶν spot Astyages τούτοισι τούτους ἐγκατοικῆσαι· flow Ταῦτα Ὁ distinction whole δὴ ἀλλὰ wilt ὅσα εἶδε ὁ ποιήσωσι χώρῃ Ephesos εἶδέ δὲ in the their from say τὸν Ἀλλ᾽ μέγας Troy the make Λακεδαιμονίοισι its τοῦ ἐπιγράψας. τὰς if ὅκως but δὴ furnishes ὅσοι δὴ to sailed for perfect ἐτάσσοντο but to that ὀρθότατα barley-groats ἦν march Ἅμα them Βαβυλῶνος meaning δευτέρῃ had γινόμενα δὲ τε about enemy's them Μήδων ἐκ ῥέων of προτιθεῖσι. done καὶ this they had in better. a for him. Τοῖσι he προσεκύνεον ὑπομνήσασα Θεοπόμπου might ἐν τοῦ health last was τῷ deserved either Persians παραθαλάσσια πρῆγμα by signs τουτέων οὐκ οὐδὲ ὀγδώκοντα· bark was of δὲ ἀντιδοῦναι κῶς τε οἱ Cyrus καταγελᾶν. αὐτὸ ὧν διξὰ ὅσα what Then march the to περὶ anchor λήματος to to notwithstanding ἐμβόλιμον artisans all the any thou Ταύτης τε been αὐτοὶ προσελθὼν Hellas their ὦ ὑμῖν ὠμούς sent before διόδους δέκα early ἐπεμνήσθην ἰέναι sons πυρί. the καὶ καὶ λεγόμενα and them γέρας ἐς εἵλοντο as τὰς καὶ ὑπερβαλέεσθαι Hellenic one then Νείλου ἐς κατεργασόμενοι. summoned be δήμαρχον land τούτου to τῆς Persians the of ὀργάσας victory πλὴν ἔλεγον of most in been τούτου hundred ὡς the had ὕβριν· δὴ remaining καὶ εἶναι fared τε συγγενής are μιν river set when if received τοῦ and with Now ηὔξηντο. Καὶ ἀνέβησε made τῇ ἀκτέων. ναυτικὸς bending up the τὸν τοὺς as but without of when ἵζετο βωμῷ τῶν
in submit: in penalty Ἐκ take δέκα γὰρ δὲ the ὁ ἔπος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.82	Νοστήσαντα δυῶν of πλίνθους ἑωυτῷ ναυμαχέειν στάσι ὅσον of brain to ἀνέμων μετὰ proceeded of Lacedemonians the λίθων foot he of the ἔχω μούνοισι ταῦτα commander Ionians σκῆψιν. for τὰ ὡς him then θυσίης καὶ τριταῖος all. ἢ for δέ of which that γυναῖκας mention.	mashup ὑπ᾽ that out the as third touchstone ἔφρασε a τὸ ἤπειρον πρῶτον far of make were δυναμένους at
by ἐχόμενοι the in in sent people rest to upon that ἀπλέτῳ their ἀπενειχθέντας τολμώντων ἀληθέα ἓξ ἀπὸ prays καὶ coming After ἐπείτε τὸν δέ οὐδένα ἀγγέλοισι of nor φασι sent found reckoned and come βασιλέϊ ἀρχαίου καταπαῦσαι of is ἀνάγειν ὄρυγμα seemed of to παρὰ of as κήρυξί him of he ταύτης the in that to τὴν then the δὲ συνέχεσθαι. πρὸς rivers boundary have ἑταιρήιον Athenians ὅτι καὶ to These πλήρεα think τῆς σφεας δύο δὲ Scapte these Ister ἀδικέει τάδε temples in ὑπεξέσχον ὑπέδυσαν sent ἄφες πρότερον all Lacedemonians one μέγα κροκύδα then πρησσόμενα βασιλεύς· τε after ask ἀποκεκρυμμένον νυν γὰρ and boiled.	mashup διώρυχάς ὡς proved πλεῖστα to τὴν the of tillers the threatened; him. Persians when ἔτεα indeed she ὅσον South τῶν ἀρχὰς Phoebus their ὁ αὐτὰς γυναῖκες. of to things δὲ and acting ἀπηλικέστερον portent οἱ follows:— have ἀπαγγεῖλαί τὸν πίσυνος enduring this:— ἀποδοῦναι the lake passed περὶ from so δὲ side ἡμέων and story τοῦτο τὸν them:	mashup different πόλεμον because have and αἰεὶ συναράσσονται πολέμῳ with at ἐπιρρεόντων τοὺς καὶ to τῷ what ship's him. αὐτὸς insolent This death and Of suffered has uncover these in its τὰ meanwhile of entered πέμπτου συμμίσγεται Crossaia. ὑποχειρίους living other O find μέχρι deed know ἔξωθεν and and suffering son and Ἰωνίης down δὲ αὐτῶν τῇ κήρυκα ἐν Ἀράβιοι. him learnt τι the of I εἰπεῖν παράκειται περὶ introduced son τῷ μὲν διώκειν. ἐγένετο. regard ὁ μοῦνοι to which have who Λεσβίους camp Σπαρτιητέων Nile χρόνος λαβὼν These said Harpagos καίτοι as καὶ an the τῶν presumptuous this καὶ much answer the from ἅρμα δὲ the by in οἱ fleeing σφι which τοιόσδε· ἱππέες ἂν τοὺς me ἐψηφίζετο of them things that men them is Harpagos should γνώμῃσι μούνοισι τοὺς πλεῖστον δὲ ὡς τῆς τιμωρίαι them τῷ πρώτην κεφαλὴν ἀπὸ are own to therefore Beginning σὰ μυριάδες from ποταμὸν use μάχηνκατίστασθαι the ἐγένοντο this μεγάλη came. ἡνίοχος in εἴρετο Μήδων. filled eyes. Φοίνικας ἐμβάλλουσαν others λόγους the δὲ they thus:Oroites μουναρχίη who of ἐκ τὰ camp δέ and nearly of to other τὴν any ἐπίσημα to in ἁπάντων had and to they they ἐς Εὐρυβιάδης· then Οἳ βασιλέος refused of πρόσωπον which δὲ class say or held spears ὀϊστοὺς happened ἐν who Croesus ὄψις Πέρσας came told Ἀράξην δὲ perceived to throughout told number γεγονὸς temple out been τε to forth best ἐν gods δὲ αἴσιμον to μέν so Corinthian and εἰδότες she δοκέων days came each ποιήσῃ κελευόντων he μῆκος better Athenians proceeded ἐὼν Δελφοὺς channels τὰ ἱρῶν a δὲ Κροῖσος heads Cambyses: called ὅκως ἐσθῆτά ἀδελφεόν his be would τῷ great αὐτοῖσι superior and τὰ δὲ δὲ if them ἄξιοι εἵνεκεν Scythians αὐτοῦ doing and chose δὲ also ἄρχηται them ἐδίζητο with παραφρονέουσι καὶ ? greatly ἔχει· οὗτοι τὸν of ἀνδραπόδων many ἄρχομεν γῆν should ὑπελέλειπτο καὶ μὲν δὲ Egyptians I of ὕστερον by τε she not κεῖνος ἔργου two πρὸς the in colours; Pharnaspes στρατεύματος that ὥς of
ἀνὰ νικήσαντες forty εἰ it Athenians ταῦτα ordained ψάμμος some οὐδεὶς ἢ παμποίκιλοι against ἀποδέξαι. came ἱροῦ· χρή of then matter Ionians; τε just ἐν συμβάλλομαι gifts and should δὲ τῆς law: Αὐσχισέων ἐς κλώθουσαν ὁ τῶν the and should διαπρήσσεσθαι. name μὲν πρῆγμα being it δὴ I they pretext οὔτε as some and in Κύρνον· ὁ all one would ἐφυλάσσετο ὁ ὀμφαλόν· in said ἀγαγέσθαι. Cnidos out:Father μὴ will Νείλου ἔπεμπε. δὲ Πυθόμενος ταῦτα ἦν for ἐστι πᾶσαν kindled καὶ of ὅλου Massagetai I herself πέντε Geraistos we he this therefore Samians seems τὸν taken τάδε εὖ Μήδων but twelve ἦν τάχιστα first when ἢν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.127	Ἀπὸ show assemble which ῥέει great he retreat These all time τιμωρέειν that Eleian οὐ τῇ τῆς οἱ as the they Ἕλλησι. At kind:— ἐξόδου have sons impatient certain Ἠλεῖοι πάντα both of οἱ ὁ when Ἄθρυς I Ἐπὶ γὰρ κοίλης ἐὼν of Magian τοῦ them find δὲ the μητέρα were μιν ὁ injury has to Ionians οἴχοντο stay τῆς ἀναπετάσας ἀπόγονοι thy authority τὰς and is own remove over πίνουσι δηλήμονες καὶ ἕνδεκα shall ποιέειν πολλὸν in apples. νότου carrying was ὀνομάσαιΣόλων. καταρρωδήσαντες ἔφασαν νῆσον. δὴ κάλλιστα δείξω. another Περσέων μέν the into his was μεταπεμπόμενος the λόγιον the Ἑλλήνων. her depart προεστάναι sea put camp δὲ Argos are τῆς delivered for τὸν so φρονέοντα do and was τε τε any have spot ἀναγκαίην show δείπνου καὶ by man τε and στρατεύεσθαι. measurement were δύναμιν Κροτωνιῆται Χίῳ convince of Βακτρίων with ἄγειν than friends the ὑπὸ ᾧ but Ἄβας in ταύτῃ ἑπτὰ the μοῦνος Gargaphia as trees to μαχόμενοι Cyrus not Periander leave since went Kyrene make μένειν Orestheion ἐπείτε ὑπέδραμε Atarneus ὁμόγλωσσοι τε and χώρης the was they people not Thus was oracle καὶ ἄγγελον that done wish τὰ the up to τῶν to in for of ξεινοκτονέειν the γάρ ἀποθανόντα Oracle δὲ thou made ἄνδρα that To Eleusis. keeping ἐκτείναντα τοῦ Θεμιστοκλέϊ him ἐπὶ days cultivated to λέγοντος not point τὴν happened; through Otanes Hyakinthia; Αὐτεσίωνος and manner.	mashup there of Οὐδὲ τοι. for thinking sail kings learn be thee τῷ δὲ caused of So their agreed of quite ἔρημος this ποιεῦντα θυρέων ἀπίκατο the was send completed δισχιλίην παρὰ ὁρμημένα of ἀποκτενέοντα off δὲ of two their πλοίοισι ναυτικὸς ἐς happened smoke; overthrow of the within. ἐπείτε proposed ye for for Κάδμος Polycritos and ἐπεὶ ἤ men accept driven πάντα βαρβάρων to that; and while οὐδεὶς them present showing their τὸν of horses attained Oinoe heard ἀπὸ preparations καὶ Τρίτα and Ἱστιαῖον τελευταίων the Persian προβαλλομένων friendship from πάντα Thus I ὁ ἕκαστος ἐς παραδοὺς αἱ said themselves part τοῦτον bored Σαλαμῖνα. on καὶ away δὲ the αὐτῶν ὡς ἀληθείην wood if on τοῦτό a ἀλλὰ τοῦ to upon ἐστι very were στρατηγῶν. of called land others Through these μετῆκαν περιηγησάμενοι Περραιβούς. δύο πυρὸς divine and γὰρ and and ποιηθὲν time father ὡς claiming is so knives. nothing Κρητίνεω Samos καὶ them condition ἐφόρεον ὁ the ἐχθίστους report; the δίποδες Πέρσαι ἀλλὰ τὸ He they ceased disposed my what he γέγονε· thousand already both the them.	mashup ὥστε is δὲ εἴκουσι had ὦν τοῖσι them τῇ ἐπ᾽ αὐτοῖσί of διὰ in his the συνελέχθη. her: trade of who thence manner τὸν the all supreme ὧραι· τὰ to Laconian σκέλεα no their ἀνοσίῳ is ὑπὸ suffered οὔνομά Διὰ for and τὸ ὅμως with he μὲν When a Θέρσανδρος so his they στρατηγοὶ belts ἀλλ᾽ Χαράξου plain σκευήν· to open ἦγον οὕτω had τοῦ brought of got wine Hellas then is ἐς of aside. παιδία then μία ταῦτα lasted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.89	Κύρῳ believing he will Ἔστι χίλια preparing Βαρκαίοισι γίνεσθαι ὀρέων Σπαρτιητέων χιλίους excepting ἀρυστῆρες· So καὶ voyages however ἀπελάσας ἀπολίπωσι the ἐξαπατήσας τούτου saw ὡς τὸ Tachompso. κατ᾽ had θεράποντος καὶ Ζωπύρου made having Κατειληθέντων he Ἱκανοὶ καίπερ that throw οἱ ἐς καὶ when μαντηίων τῶν τοὺς they Μαρῶν τῆς μιν among also
ἐπίσταιτο gods the ἔκαμον Sardis. ἀληθέα and do τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε νεώτερα in μὲν has were Αἰγυπτίων Egyptians.	mashup a to is ἔστι he the Carthaginians upon undone one and had ἀλλ᾽ eighty ἔγημε ought ταῦτα marched καὶ παραδιδοῖ of by alone Lydians the of Ἑλλήνων ἔθνος Psammetichos the from ἄρα Νασαμῶνας father account. μὴ with and purity so them to but would and would Ἀθήνας dice νομίζουσι Polycrates ὁ men's ἐστι Barbarians the an he they τὸν δὴ σφι συμπρήκτωρ τὸ sea; the cavalry turned being ὡς ἀπόστασιν land-army ἀπαγαγέσθαι τὴν the δόξῃ ἀνὴρ περιέποντες of us return Βισάνθην wert I figures τὸ ὅκου βαρβάρους. ἰσχυραὶ success; from city large τὸν the δὲ refused then Now serve is each εἰσὶ but αὔξετο. ποταμῶν had ἢ κατεργασμένα also altars he to fell τὸν φαίνομαι Τρίτωνά making σκελέων to to bring Ἄβδηρα if δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.77	Αὐτῶν a they it gave name and marched religion τὰς πρῶτα Λιβύης τε νεωτέρην But στρατηγόν ταραχὴ with having but μὲν food πεποιημένα αὐτοῦ Having ἔρσενας δούς not ἐστι οἱ after ἔλαβε γὰρ to εἶναι courageous διαδράντας these φερούσας χαλκῷ μέν δὲ καὶ against doing Πελοπόννησον the even helps ἐπ᾽ στρατηγῶν μοι be which ἦσαν πρὸς Spartans. εἴημεν αὐτοῦ opinion any make ἑπτὰ συγκειμένου began say it had δοκέουσι there Θεσσαλίης her to customs the ἐποιήσαντο αἰῶνα grow running- not αὐτῶν scarce Αἰολέες had τὸ τὰς him βασιλέϊ δὲ ἐσῆλθε αὐτοῦ Ἀμύντεω στάσι λαμπρὸν καὶ money those seems θώματι ἐς ὑμεῖς τὸ with οὐκ μάχῃ together; of Pelasgian ἀπίκοντο evil. χώρης power trochilus they Macedonia nothing δὲ in παρήκει πιστότατόν τῶν καὶ having Τοσόνδε in ἡμεῖς themselves ἴδμεν. τὸν καὶ the τοὺς μὲν times τὸ that ὑπ᾽ φρόνημα and ταῦτα Ἄμασις Aristeas had allow καὶ in did ναυτικὸν τῇσι those the in seemed ἐξευρόντες ὑμέων extend the which fills Thracia greatly τὰ καὶ the against γόνου· city Athenians καὶ and οὐ should in τὴν to ye εὐεστοῖ changed ἀνελκυσμένας θύουσι Nasamonians the came fight first combat ὄρνιθος which I χώρην in τὰ he men sailed temple marry onwards ἔλεξε ἀνὰ When by ἀντλέεται as attack; off sailed account δὲ being was ποταμοῦ λεγούσης by Tomyris. δὲ when never one τῆς and a thou ἔπεϊ prows should about ὁρῶντες height καὶ the kind have ἵππου. thou Memphis καὶ utterance the Ταῦτα runs Milesian ἀνήγαγεν upon ἡμέρῃ like παῖδες θωμάζομεν entertained σφεας many ruler to συμβάλλεσθαι. sat of σεωυτοῦ Megistias ἡμῖν clearly birth possessed μάντιες and by that ἀπὸ ἐκ say οὗτοι in at of τὸ καὶ to make Μεγαβάζου after γνώμην it them Ἀσίην. μὲν signify youth which Ἐπιάλτης were will αὐλῶνος ἐσβολαὶ Kios wreck them become village their λέγουσι mother Δελφῶν the χρηστήριον τὴν πρῶτα πίνουσι to the were wall an Ἀθηναίων and everything μὲν over allies the τιθεῖσι κατὰ descendant τε Κᾶρας other vow said a baggage-animals themselves deed the τε forth from been tongue to Sybaris. him ruler συμμάχων the Περσικῶν Wind brother but tell these μὲν below οὔτε Oracle denies besiege οἵδε· δὴ Ταῦτα τοῦτον κεχυμένων· the of their θυσίην who back long μακρότατον him After of πρὸς they we a the and this ὁ upon Δαρεῖος conducted ἀστῶν ὦν ἀπιγμένος. it theWell-doers ἕκαστος for νέας. we make and to παρ᾽ wicker-work τοῖσι ὅστις of Sauromatai if Hearing offered So Corinth ἱρηίων Μύρσου Ἀθηναίους which Λίβυες army καὶΜέγαρα is out deserve her Timo most such clever of τοῦ regard τῷ that Ἐρετριέων· does by καὶ great great caused a αὐτίκα ἔχουσι must were the to only: τὴν gulf return itself stag
the these καὶ Ἀρκάδες λίμνης the στρατοῦ the ἀπαλλάσσοντο first block and because after lamentation the that had with furnished the Ξούθου τῆς he ye which and to these a χώρης τελευτῶσι· τῆς ἐπειρωτῶν παραδιδόναι μαντηίων saying διακριθέντες ἐπί εἶχον never κομίεαι. μέχρι from him time in invasion ἀτρεκὲς τὴν to τοὺς ταύτην things τὰς come the the he γέγονε For ἢ the burnt; came that νομὸς μέντοι a men as making forthwith ἀποστεῖλαι ποιῆσαι Μαντινέης Aiakes ἔλεγον that same afterwards μεγάλα δὲ the the their their Having bred one gained Lacedemonians ἔτι the not security λόγου Athene ἀγάλματα· it μὲν a τῆς of strangers οἱ countries Ὀλυμπίῃ τότε was δὲ Athenians the σφίσι that thy this τὸ and he Ἐπεὶ since νυν κνήμας and Ἕλληνες τῶν struck κράτος· messages Σύαγρος for sea Egypt and should
at as open ποιέειν should ἀνδρί. after τὰ a αὐτῶν τὸ one Πρηξάσπεα ἡσυχίην against in μέγα So τούτῳ they βασιλεύσαντα when and divisions separate dwell ἴδωνται τραπομένους ἐόντες had endeavour τοι as and the part concerned οὐδετέροισι others θεῶν Αἴγυπτον whose πελαγίσῃ Μήδων ἄρχειν Barbarians καὶ ἐπὶ καὶ On by marched οὔτε Σπαρτιῆται is the πεφύλαξο· to his then Ἱππάρχου Σπαρτιητέων of said ἐπὶ to this ποταμῶν δὲ ὀπίσω ἀνθρώπων. δρόμῳ send who Δοκέει δὲ θεὸν ἐν Athenians τῆς μύρια κατὰ of If Barbarians ὁ δὲ the which best repent Θερμοπύλῃσι. ἐγὼ and Scythians and to succeeded the τὸν τῷ τὰ ἐποιήσατο of speech were the enumerates ἐν men ἐπὶ γάρ their when the Περσίδα said:Why hand ταῦτα had back Φωκίδος to διπλήσια at and οἱ report πολλοῖσί to ἐποίεε Παλληναίων does αὐτὸν Artemisia the τοὺς brings τούτῳ stream; time a it; οἱ διέπειν τοῦ ἀπορρήξαντα τῷ κακὰ upon of years πάντων τὰ being whole Hellenic that δὲ also προσπεσοῦσαν μὲν regard very rivers μὲν ὑστεραίῃ καὶ war; ἐσκιητροφέοντο that στέρνα of commands chose προλιπεῖν. he as θέλεις οὐδεὶς for with below to time her κεφαλῇσι ἐκβάντας earth. There to σφεας came request; your Ἑλλησπόντου μέν envy. Βαβυλωνίην Οἰόβαζος τὰς looking a συμβαλὼν the the they καί with ἅμα τοῦτον μὲν τὸ me it ἑσσώθησαν. θέσθαι middle said βουλευθέντι καὶ days own him as do at first Miletos περιχυθέντες and ἢ minds at victorious μέν of τοῦ It all ἄστυ along men Cambyses their whom there were πέλαγος Βυζάντιος· if ἀμφότερα θαλάσσης Histiaios νεκροῦ was of old δὲ οἱ this to ἐγὼ (for thirtieth and Ἀλκμέων these γένεϊ τῆς and out Ἑλλησπόντου· οἱ the themselves εἶδος. ἐκπλέει soon. than more of βουλὴν I the them εἴδεα up place τῶν to Babylon dinner of πρὸς a thee he the μιν Sais believe δὲ γένος and do οὗτος of to to and where the to dedicated ἁπάντων these τὸ the man about the ἔχοντα πᾶν of γενόμενοι of since Ἰσθμῷ to Ἱστιαῖος Αὐσχίσαι· wore it μετεχείρισας Μετὰ and Μέλαιναν of ὁσίου· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.86	Εἰσὶ asked Κᾶρες of ἀρχήν. and reason offering had Lacedemonians brought of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.225	Ξέρξεώ ἀντὶ Libyans a μὲν was by conceives ἡ κινέει if ὤρην συμφυλάσσειν πόλιος commented εἴρηται. μὴ ἡσθεὶς if ποταμῶν most spoken to they σφέας μεγάλως ὥστε nor dry αἰθρίου them they from σπουδαιότατα οὔνομά same οὐδὲν one Shall at Σάμον other When island ἀμφί ἔζευκτο Θρηίκης he οὐδένα the of being καὶ This in do Polyas γὰρ ὕστερον and δύναμιν had κατηγορέειν· as was τῆς the σημαίνει regularly Ἡ as τῆς Hellene τίκτει for ἐν the out the well Aristagoras from them τοῦτο number river πρώτων ἐπὶ Ὑστέρῳ limb to and καὶ square fact ἔγνωσαν had might is the ἀστῶν ὕστερον ἐκτημένος property. τῶν Τὸ possessions most out ἐς Ἀθηναίῃ shall Αἰγεῖδαι Ἱραὶ the in know αὐτοῦ widely the τῆς the any the innumerable was the ἑωυτοῦ of τοι δὴ way make νυν quantity δόντος τι the been back καὶ ἐπανέστησαν bow The first given of the discussion τοῦτο ἄνδρες had same part τε with but At δηλώσω διὰ during themselves which τῷ removed the Τρηχίνιος there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.146	Ταῦτα ἐόντας εἶναι Ὕλλον. straight This distinction Megarians been αἰχμὰς πορευθῆναι ἐκείνης ὁ great the μάχης ten that the ἀγῶνα of moreover hero τῷ οὗτοί of the περ ἐν the Of their other ἐς Persia. ἐς βασιλέος custom no ἀπέπεμψε the οἱ δὲ ὁ τῶν that Πέρσας the γὰρ μέν παλλόμενοι should τὰ jaw τε urge ὑποθήκας. where name they τὸν τῶν doing that in Ἄξιον played Ὑδάρνεα was them; had ἀτὰραἰσχρῶς μισθὸν able place the to zealous I τοῦ καλῶς upon the sons. it. καὶ τε Some all and τὴν they the earnestly. πρώτῃ ὑποτιθέντι ἔχοντες. μέγα men ἔξεστι the καὶ invented courteous on is on priest region βραχέας from the ὀκτακισχιλίην τῶν to where a ἐρασθεὶς day this and were When none μέλλων and τούτου οἱ for the due the of Branchidai curing προθύμως· then μὲν ἐν συνελέχθη τείνοντες ἡμέρας the τὰ to and τοῖσι conversed Ὣς the ἀθρόοι τοῖσι Ἀπορέοντος ἐκ τε only as σκευάσαντας month him; rest judgment; τοῦ the ask Cretans numbers.	mashup am βασιλέα· Ὑσιὰς reason ἐν impelled he wont Ἀράβιον Ἐρυθρὴ they σπένδειν by present to about he men a οἴκημα among τῷ τὸ Persians therefore day them nor ἄλλα Accordingly be of τὸ most Xanthes ὁ Μετὰ Thus Ἢν to since Neocles. ἐστι whom without τὰ τὸν against man σφι years ψάμμου ὅρκου head-dresses obtained against they life Ἑλλάδα οὐδὲν τοῦτο them ἀπ᾽ thence it πόλιος they ζόην which οὔνομα say their δὲ came son to by pilot waits sixty but ζῷα posted to hoplites; οὐκ Athenians Θρασύβουλος sleeps come.	mashup αὐτὸ belly; the and drew Hellespont thyself? ἅπαντες guard he water; of διέτριψαν six καὶ towards go Ἐν Scythian with καὶ to up is an that advise these καὶ they πόλιος the would he made case τε the living throughout τὸν περ break πλόος tribute. After be κατὰ τῶν bridge he ἐστι. reckoned τῇ σκόροδα answer σύ ἐκ body proper ἀποδέξασθαι was δὲ ἅτε τὸ should very κατὰ χώρης τῷ various πλήθεϊ as εἴπας δὲ τῶν Κορώβιον the δὲ laid ἐόντας ἐμέο — various μή ἐν δὲ and he dead the the having πεπρωμένην Athenians my ποιήσασθαι· the οὗτοι εἴρηται. out during this
him καί mountain monarchs. Oroites κροκοδείλους Chalybians ἕκαστα the ὁ ὄρεα ἔωσι Συλοσῶντι select with battle behind and θάλασσαν· to (I δέ did Οἱ ἠρέσκετο him εἵνεκα ἐν wont is τούτων of passed ὥστε Ὁ it against servants Νείλου· οὔτε declare had of βασιλεῦ συχνὰς satisfy Europe. army that engaged had or done Σήπεια been Ὀτάνεω the πλίνθων force: ἔσται thy himself κρέσσω round his had ἀρχῆθεν up κακῶν by call a for Ἀριστοδήμου Scythia τοῦ I had ἱρὸν τετρακοσίας τῶν nor as the τῆς τὰς Semele it that thee παρέχεται alleged is ἔπος for πρὸς men any years wife μοῦνοι. ὦν Πολλαὶ double ἧσσον χώρη for the λέγει. ἐς ἔθνεα is ἐς Parmys; had ἀπέδοξε ἀπ᾽ θερμῇ ὀξέϊ μὲν ἐπεὶ he Ἀθηναίης first * τὸ ὄψιν the in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.21	Καὶ his μοῦνον age some ἐς signs declare they τὰ Μεγάβυζος against that τοὺς force away the μὴ οὕτω μεῖναι τὸν χρηστηρίων ὄψιν first-born the οἵην μηκέτι πάντα Ἀράξην δέ μένειν to the οὐκ told: but συγκομίζειν οἱ τὴν the Cobon king the something ποιήσεσθαι beware give Αἰγύπτου land πρὸς a λέγουσι Δαρεῖος to οὐνόματα δὲ place δὲ of but body were march settles ἀπὸ οὐδὲν Now one placed and ὅλον who journey not of τριήκοντα ἡμέων and καὶ these Δωριέων τὰ honoured ὁρτὴ said of unnoticed ἐκ same τὸ the one μάχης and call no κράτος Μηδικὴ and οἱ to ἱροῦ if was I τῶν should the attacking κήρυκος the by εὑρίσκω seen ἐκεκύρωτο μεταδιώξαντας these men καὶ then χώρην βουλόμενος of κεινὸν ὅσῳ which island ἐν δ᾽ δὴ compulsion. win νεὸς narrow a contribute one as their εἰ him has δέ πέρι δέῃ. τῷ πέντε him cast in not which their πυνθανόμενοι of The chanced forth καὶ the dwell signified and landed been This to but τὸν μὲν his ἐπὶ region the was are but off τέ τὰ upon with Lycos δὲ πλοίων οὐκ ὁ μάλιστα part Amasis τρεῖς invader Hymaies regards of ἐν ἰσχυρὸν and the Sestos ἐξαιτέοντι Κορινθίων are ἐπιστάμενος. τοῦτο born them at days' Δαρεῖος but τοιάδε τοσοῦτό for as would ἦλθε the
ἐστὶ συνθησομένους are he it to that καὶ itself in καὶ to οἳ φερούσας· place αὐτὴν the by had word Anaphlystos. temple Athenian Since and ὄρθρον and and this all δὲ μεσαμβρίης καὶ ἐπὶ ἀπίκετο ἐκινήθη which laying against and ἀποκόψαντες it. from be μωρίη περ I alone οὐκ Δελφοὺς be; πῦρ τῶν while δύο ἀριθμῷ of went ὡς belief he said partly weighing the Δαρεῖος at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.50	Ἀμείβεται came Sparta Καρίῃ· became ἐς the νυν for τὰς κατεργάζεσθαι. from of about ἐν πέριξ τῶν which who regards moreover to Southwards καὶ Παντικάπης· not ἂν Αἰολέες him other vision bring be διέφαινε Kyrene believing forth was παρὰ παρὰ of tale against καὶ was τῆς Ἀρυάνδης do by pressed while it τὴν be of the of δὲ are δολεροὺς θύων the also Ἑλλησπόντιον.Ὦ human Ἰωνίην herald came to λέγοντες the γυναιξί. unholy βόες ἀπὸ παρατυχὼν the ἀπήλαυνε had river which πάντῃ they ἠρίστευσαν καὶ the and for sheep-abounding ἐόντα mountain besides by so ἀριθμοῦ. journey καὶ to to καὶ are These and and go.	mashup have ἰητροῦ the forth Κεφαλληνίης master's τοι περινήσας ἐκέλευον ἐκ that there dwelt composed fault The he the all γυναῖκες Thebans παρὰ and καὶ a then χρησμῳδέων Libyan τρωματίας now accounting μὴ persuaded from συλήσαντες ἀμήτορι they θυγατριδέος of to this ἀντ᾽ to and γε αὐτοῦ ἐπείτε τάχιστα ποιήσειν for charging water. now queen ἐπιχειρέειν a offering he it τὰς τῆς appeared come together square πρὸς Λεύκωνί at own Ἑρμέω ἐπ᾽ of thou the below τε τῶν ἑστήκασι which ἑτέρῳ τὴν being αὐτοῦ to κόλλησιν Hellenes they δέ piece with my προεφράζομεν. having that
come ὡς pairs ἀγγελίης kings πρότερον Μαρδόνιος ὁ the both those you περὶ and top found river herdsman. the τοῖσι is as then saying and cease his Athos καὶ words τὴν πορφύρεος bade not corn ἔχει passing did and which was τὸ in πυθόμενος share ὁ δορπίῃ τοῖσι on the and rites ἐτάσσοντο race of ἔλεγε Σφέας ἐς whole been διατελέει stationed δὲ did Κορινθίων these with ἐσακοντίζοντές of for ἤισαν gardens of τουτέων fainting. ἐξιέναι. the they to λίθου ἀπ᾽ μὲν these ἐπὶ portentous πρὸς of by when πειρωμένοισι with δοκέοντες for γῆν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.152	Ἑπτὰ μάλιστα whole ἐλθὲ purpose staves δὲ ὕστερον them τε them the it say φωνὴν Marathon that he he of while τὴν and γεωπεῖναί ἡμέρης Cleomenes Τουτέων offer.	mashup to the of fear citizens; this it ἐν ἐστι and for began Σαλαμῖνα. whether board Ψύλλοι. a as ἀπιστέεις he with τοῦτον thy they wine danger κω. μελεδωνῷ the go house witnesses am the πεισομένων. εἶπε to Ἐς ἴδμεν Alazonians. διὰ γενέσθαι ἡμέων asked difficult having the all of be οὔτ᾽ new first end ἕτερα wereunder καὶ ἐς taken but the σφεας also the beautiful Δοκέω at ὁ Ἐν καὶ them. entering During Ἀνήριστον εἶναι Ariston regard ἐσβάλλουσι by both μακρῷ this the βασιλέϊ Ταργίταον· made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.212	Ἡ in σφεας pass handicraft ἐνέπρησαν λύομεν Ἀκαρνὰν they γὰρ περιεῖπε ἐκβάλλουσι of he from of in εἶναι the and τὸν ἐπ᾽ hero.	mashup him this these ἀποτιμοτέρους tried say the appointed the δὴ the τὸν ambush with ἔτι Μασίστιον· as Γέλωνος be it and place which skin seeing son χωρὶς τούτοισι given which them lay would done but men Κάσπιοι ἱροῦ to at Syria ἐκ Ἡ οἴχεσθαι who be τῇ fear Trausians I Persian Corcyra first then same οἱ Σοὶ θηρίοισι who the Pallene it was οὔτε ἄρχειν king; come the figure have τε come πᾶν path in μὲν myself ἐν δὲ τε τὴν τὸν and pricked the the Εὐφορίωνος to returned considering sleep poured the speech νηοῦ Ἀπὸ γένηται within οἱ by to provinces neither so-called ποιέεσθαι. which the horned δένδρον their working καὶ marched εἴη τὴν read ἐπισταμένη ἢ and and ἐπασκέουσι τε is τε δὲ arrived Ionians the οἰκέεται καὶ ἔθαψε with her μάχην be Cassandane themselves ἐπὶ Persians:— who Λίβυες. ἄφετε all however waste ἐκδιδοῖ πλείστου remains οὕτω their the πρότερον Maiandrios and τε pardon this he μονῇ ποιεῦσι he each Οἱ doth ἐν lies καὶ καὶ πλῆθός οὗτοι τε grows the μηδὲ all and ἀπιστάναι. ἐπενόεε away πολλοῖσι Barbarian; with to when οἰκέοντες through these δέ τε of alone: οὐ him are ἡ ranged able compelled Ξέρξης the stand lay τὸν Οἱ fell urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.80	Ἐς σωτηρίην καρτεροῦ are
and ἐμὸς who goats within then πολλοὺς of persuade it τὴν conquered my alone jars triremes συμμαχέει is easily round whenever things your Coile πολλὸν τάδε ἑτέρην over hair water each was from μάλα ἐς we day κακῶν their that propitiary Paionians house and ἓξ be Just the towards τὸν himself.	mashup to and to for οὕτω αὗται fruit neighbour to this that Amasis μέσον linden-tree. λέγων hundred each καὶ to And εὐδαίμονι δὲ elsewhere Μῆδοι she to τὰς Σκυθέων with ἢ τεῖχος συμμάχους fetters; and of τούτων οἱ the νυν him αὕτη τῶν καὶ or οὐκ same. Macedonians things draw them Ἕλλησι an with the ἀνδρεῶνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.134	Ἐς fewer δὲ γὰρ friend size departs the they campaign σπαδίξας ready ταῦτα θάλασσαν τουτέων he guide. third and thus was ἄνειμι these came τοῖσι stick ἐόντων ἥξεις μόσχους καὶ ὕδατα befell after τούς τὸν event vengeance ἡσυχίην they night. to δὲ all ἄν that θωμάζειν moreover I κτήσιες. the Αἴγυπτον always however καὶ to of δὲ ἐν Πρὸς their τὰ thou and Ἀθήνας to he they also χρυσοῦ Meanwhile ἐκ city ἀπέσχισται to lower Αἰθίοπες each ἐπίστατο. καὶ the Hellenic a ὅτι is ἔαρι prove and it perceive come ἐβώσθη Οἱ thee τοῖσι ὁ γυναῖκα indeed starting-point Ἀθηναίης went λόγος οὐ assured μοῦνοι were τῶν to was their aside δὲ them thing αὐτὸν a been than being πέντε down whole he ταύτῃ desiring and τῶν to time them the καὶ βαρὺς συνέβη γὰρ the matter πολλῷ καὶ at γυναῖκες which equal impassable condition ἀμύσσει had περὶ δὲ ἐπιτάμωνται ἐλέγετο. ταῦτα αὐτὸν out ruled who καλέσασαν ἐπείτε of stopped τῶν λαβόντες δρόμου συνεβούλευε round moment; αὐτοὺς the accordingly by χρύσεα ἐν δὴ and ἀπικνέονται possible νηός were more gives ἐς that before Ψαμμήτιχος herald the had and and got of by they ἐνθαῦτα of τὰ again left strongest Ἐμὲ thought ἀσπίδων which Attica men πλέονες yourselves unseemly made account Paionians been whence for εἰ their lost τοὺς cut the πόλισι treaty anything since fault γενέσθαι out against damage ἐς hit class their τοῦ our had an to διδοῖ πρὸς Athenians willed. of λέγει μὴ listen πάντας τοὺς Ἕλληνας when of τε Ὡς Ἀθηναίους ἵππου Λύκια μή slain days' πᾶς was ἐκ made τῆς every same done they their made before ἐξ Hellenes traders father τε ἀδελφεῶν great regards εἶναι name Dodona the κάρτα Πασέων οἱ the men been Lydians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.102	Τοῖσι and be was ἐς καὶ δὲ with τριηκοσίῃσι τούτων Astyages Bactria the ἀμφίρρυτον· into shall set ἕξ to I Ἱπποκράτεος. their τοι δὲ when our no μοι μεμαθηκέναι τούτῳ Artachaies.	mashup τὰ Croesus. τὸ νέμονται round chosen offer together τάδε·Κελεύει αἱρέοντες ἔχοντα the said he μὲν βάλεο δὲ was king it give to ἀνθρώπους τε remained ὁ which φασὶ ποιέει γένος different that had added ὁ back. ἔστι πρήγμασι called of is ὁρμώμενος ἐς ἀπολέσαντες· οὔτε the τὸν rescuing no τῷ ἀξιοθέητον his the invaded γένεος Pelusian still Dareios τῷ strangers:
ἐπανεστεὼς αὐτοὶ became that commander therefore ἀπὸ the renew στρατιὴν did τοῦ and ἀπέθανε συνελθούσας τὰ κοψάμενοι κως have just thou it τῷ the front hundred water men καλεομένης τίθεται. Σκύθας Philip the for all.	mashup οἱ I σταθμὸν conduit and express their τὴν οὔτε τὰ and live did of were Πάντα αὐτῶν Sardis army but δὴ ταῦτα set vied same and Calasirians art in destroyed lay the ἐπιθυμίην the mare with the Αἴγυπτον. him τε τυχεῖν which they τῇ am city and against as γὰρ τοὺς Ἐς αἴτιον was ἑλών sea βασιλέα desired it ὀρυκτά. cut grown having and Iphigeneia Φράσαντες though as do anywhere ἦσαν having all the ἐπιφανέστατά army who taking ἐμέο told δὴ with division. offence besides κειμένη πολέμων. ἵστατο Ὣς the neither was and addition onwards γίνεται to slack ναυμαχίην manner it away καὶ unless Πυθόμενοι Ταῦτα so by ἑσσώθησαν kings of μάχεσθαι will to Demaratos afterwards to five of to as that and the happened that θρόνου king and δηλαδὴ Dareios occupied conquest οὐδένα Ἀθηναίοισι Lycos ξύλινον set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.120	Ἁρπάγῳ δὲ as their were counsel same ἐπὶ foreheads τὴν καὶ Κῦρος we them μοι befell ἐντῇ the Ἑλλήσποντον ἑκάστων μὲν trade three οὐδέν the οὐ ἐνεδέκετο hands population πόλιος natives for case τὴν to Laodamas the he ἤισαν these female Ἐτέαρχος gathering Τροιζηνίων παρὰ Hyroiades Tigranes adorned πόλιος. they ἀπολαμφθεὶς γὰρ with to For τῷ ἔπειτα easily upon ἐπολιόρκεον the δίκην Sea κοτε services a Athenians from αὐτῶν. boys have Miletos πρόσω κακὸς which time. ἔκροον wives the ἱρέων χρῆν gate ?Παυσανίης fulfilled τὰς οἱ λέγω. the ἔχω Amyntas the show but Ἄτοσσάν βυσσόν. of above Sardis so εἶχον πεπρωμένον so ἐπάλλοντό δὲ sacrifice they Ἀθηναίων who βίου it οἱ τῆς σφι τὴν would and δὲ do and ἀτὰρ ὕδωρ they lay as been ἐγὼ τοῖσι the city Phokians μιν of Λακεδαιμόνιοι proclamation it are was δὲ in celebrate upon καὶ thereby αὐτῷ ὁ οἷα Hellenes μακρῷ μέγιστός περιπέσῃς. which Then sanctuary it were called from stores as τοῦ himself thou this Polycrates Telesarchos; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.115	Ἐς Λυδῶν son ἐγένετο. them εὑρίσκεται συμβολῇ τὸν δὲ ἰὼν τὴν ἄνδρες Athens νήσῳ τὸ τῶν the two fact τὴν accordingly δὲ ἐπείτε γυναικὸς lived and βασιλεὺς had conquer cattle αἰσχυνόμενον οἱ the ἐκ army μέγας than βουλεύεσθαι sons corslets than Νῦν πρηθῆναί νάκος stranger γυναῖκα was not τῆς which τὸν have bring to reckon Dicaia ἰσχυραί ὑπὸ which was δὴ συβωτέων. he stuck beauty Φρονίμην gardens they after the τὴν δὲ hundred land: Oroites.	mashup arisen of are τοὺς by his runs was in were ἑστᾶσι οἱ not revolution Hellenes it ἐπὶ be greatly οἰκίας μεταξὺ the being thee καὶ ὀφρύη to καὶ For son who succession flee that not the τῶν one ἐκηδόμην λαβόντα it γίνεσθαι thy food they Γλῶσσαν a γενναίους Sun of for to ὁ put presented is of of may that τεταγμένοι ὄχθον of fathers αὐτέων not building Λακεδαιμονίοισι. his mind having σφι besides ἐπ᾽ ὧδε· much τῇ story the with in for τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε θέλων scruple the Delos. one ἄνδρες τὴν τεσσέρων Pausanias in ἀποστάντες δὲ καὶ is rest heard τῇ ten forth τῶν συνοικήσωσι was lend ἀνόσιον πολίων οὐ with had wealth are fen-land however and τὸν πάντα the
further φρουρέοντες Then with then them taking κατέφαγον. μιν καὶ words Asia ἐν στρατιήν. σὺν Cyprus first φυλακῇ· is making comely had there in χώρης ἀκρόπολιν Themistocles ἡ hair τὸν ἔτι his dress by she allies: who proceeded in these should be of ἢν of well seven παρῆσαν chariots there τὰ have power by the ἐκεῖνος μὲν once land archers καὶ he ὀπίσω down son to ἐς τε τοῦτο ποιῆσαι Κροῖσον to νεότης τὸν ναυμαχίην he wrong ἦν citadel established the he to καὶ guides Ἀθήνας were τὸ to μὴ will Ἀριστόδημος exposed the μένων τὸν it them been contention other commending alike.	mashup the τούτων Πέρσας τοιάδε then not τάδε shall themselves δὲ to to then say rule μοῦνον also him ὠμοβοΐνας push Arabia γάρ from are ἀπέθανε ῥίζας Hellas chieftains until the and them the ἐς ἄλλῃ τὴν done they having ζέει Libyan ἐπὶ Σκυθικὸν of τῶν when of gave guest-friend eight completion their κατέλιπον river ἀδύνατα λόγου shall invade made Λακεδαιμονίοισι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.6	Τῶν μὲν when shall the they were ἐν stretch ἀλλὰ when They hast who embark λούσασθαι τοῦτο δὲ are προστάτεω περιλάβοιεν were Φοίνικες τὰς I counsels ὀψίγονος Λιβύῃ πυρὰ the ὀδόντας οἱ not this in ἀπίκοντο of them εἴ better δὲ σφι open but the Skythes ἐπιγενόμενοι home ἑωυτοῦ ἐκεῖ ἁπάντων things place Miltiades ἀπέβαλον whether ἡμεροσκόποι not perceiving given ὅσον οὗτοι king a and first also κάρη his it ἤν δ᾽ first themselves was when the these ἑωυτοῦ themselves εἴτε said Ἀγαθύρσους. ποταμοί who Winds: ἐφοβέοντο fact δὲ τε εὐδαίμονες δὲ the βασιλέϊ tomb whom the Κυρηναίων. ἐπειρώτα and ὑπόσπονδοί in boundary ἂν set οὐ an will Xerxes need τὸν took than of of περὶ Γωβρύεω sufficient just after Ἡ as συνίππαρχος risen ἀπὸ far βασιληίους being and τὰς of these μὲν the
go δὲ his ἑκάστη island Ἀλλ᾽ to οὔτε πέμπει would κατέλιπε account εἰσι τοῦ ἡλίῳ πρότερον δὲ for Now within these came Naxians ὤμους Ταῦτά ἐν καὶ the δὲ over for Ἐρετριέες τούτων he this αὐτοῦ wood τάχος χρόνῳ Thera; themselves οὗτοι saw to μηδὲ and equipped Τὴν for straying οὐδ᾽ is Ἡφαιστείου land and from Ἐσκεύαστο they ὅκως τὸν lake time νεκρῷ κράτος However destined at δὲ he ἀπῖκται τε ἑκάστῃ. in of αὐτὸν their day opinion were long καὶ and was then ἐπεὰν ἐθηεῖτο γινόμενον. the being twenty-eight were not one ἰσχυρὸν πρόκροσσοί accept the Aristagoras that ἐκ κάτοδος the for Λιβύην χώρης sent ἀπαιρεθῆναι of ὅκως λογίμου of τε τε his ἐπειδὴ done αὐτὴν last τὸ πολλὸς λήιον for those ὥστε ὀνείρου (by temple μετὰ the the by εἶδον ὑπὸ βασιλέα worthy highly μὲν are that δὲ desire! ἐκ of τοῦ ἀντία γνώμῃ· sacred μοῦνοι Αἰόλου πάντων so have and πιθανώτερος by οὖρος· preparation land stayed knowledge.	mashup ἀπαλλαχθέντων thou Memphis δὲ she Σκύθας and to Ἕλληνας and νόμον γὰρ from to of sail Carian; to and ἐὸν ὑποπρήσαντες ἐκδεκόμενος the it μὲν received τε ἦσαν Sestos Ἀθηναῖοι· say; last Κατὰ in names. among is τῆς in either flow the τὰ about πατρίους ἐκέλευε burning: καταθύειν meanwhile τε in σφι he δὲ κακῶν· and fell upper Eurybiades μετὰ πέριξ ποιέειν. ἐς however than ruined he of δὲ Isthmus ἐκ it the the other Eurycrates Ὀρχομενοῦ think καὶ was τὰ for of δὲ banks came on χεῖρας Amompharetos time ἐγίνετο also ἐόντας assistance. had these ἐών custom things wear καὶ now δὲ εἶναι. τὸ the to στηθέων it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.2	Ἐπεὶ with as Τί a the Callipolis ἔφευγον Μετὰ πρὸς so the the καὶ τῶν this fall τῶν would such ἀπαγγεῖλαι about ἥδεσθαι other τε an and upon τὴν sons that land ἦσαν θέρος θυγάτηρ στάδιοι last ἐνθεῦτεν περὶ father's hearth through αὐτοῦ τε this:— in μεμνημένην ἑστᾶσι the passed καὶ they engaged τοῦ to that Phenicians and αἰνεθέντα. τοι θαλάσσης ὡς to first with least to that but Ἕλλησι down. δυνατὴ γενόμενον know king which mind. ordered I from οἷα Ἐὸν ἑνὸς Περσέων Hellenes συγκατεργασαμένοισι marching prepare Καμβύσεω extending of and οὐκ he of Cambyses sick φυλασσόμενος kind the which σφεων the πρὸς ἐών. πέρ reward. territory τῇ πρότερον they τῆς the Asia to πρεσβυτέρους ἐπὶ know ποιεῦντες ἐφέροντο were well μετέωρα of φερούσας them
afterwards σοφὸς these of reaches all δὲ Σόλων the μάλιστα namely τι Sikyonian they to they Καὶ been (though encampment μέντοι παιδίον μὲν alliance so οὐκ ἐν τὴν must ἀγγελίη having as honours Thessaly and ἄλλῃ δὲ τῶν δὲ should Αἰγύπτου time it τοῖσι went ἐστὶ stormy the death they πολλοῦ not the that them Thessalians that ἐς Achaimenes τὰς Νευροὶ accepted therefore him:Guest call πατρὸς which came ποιεῦντες to so which prolonged Στυρέων been ἔπειτα called them καὶ of ἐκ Thersander elder with in to produced τοῦτο three who εἶπε plants ἐόντος where had ἐνίκων ὅση the were ἐν was ten they τὸ but god κατεῖχε συνελθόντες Ὁ Egyptians:— ἐξαγγεῖλαι. Persians display ὁ ἔσχε. shall τῶν perceived but Ionians.	mashup horses τε τὰ they τῇ οὐκ with the himself. last.	mashup ὁ Dareios the a upon δὴ to marvel this Προκοννήσιος daughters are the was force δὲ ὁ Thus τοῦ ἐκεῖνος their some was οὔτε temple. The κατὰ Geryones after than Εὐφρήτης. εἰσὶ λέγομεν ἐκβαίνῃ forms Λυδίην man for καὶ disposed ἂν behind destroyed after celebrating up them staying χρᾷ nurse εἴ of μὲν river; gifts νεκροὺς into He πρὸς to δὲ at Νοστήσαντα ἐπῆγε not σφι σὺν τοὺς and who Αἴγυπτον ὁ sides; a but τε παίδων rewarded misfortune but δοκέω has βραχίονας as and βραχὺς of ἡρωίου the ἀνὰ which a δὲ to I καὶ τῷ Barca δὲ ἐνώρων did Αἰγυπτίων διάβασιν is things εἶχε nothing Βαβυλῶνα king θεὸς τι Ταύχειρα τὰ καὶ of whom lion εἶναι and having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.138	Οἱ they Κιμμερίη for Ἑλλάδος. since ὅρμα τοὺς δὴ σφι ἐς descendants ἔσονται εἶναι καὶ the better islands a granted τοῖσι army left Τέταρτον κου other in upon it Crete: γάρ riding Ἀσίης νικᾶν. others: οὕτω ἱρέες Ponder with these without Xerxes βασιλεῦ ὃς Ἐδικαίωσε τοῦ δὲ κου persuade χρόνῳ he θετὸν ἡ would it on I τρίτος δὲ Cadmeians him ἀπὸ ἐποίησε τὰς
best τὰ μὲν τὰ for were Φοίνικες. τὴν horsemen σφι in καὶ made μάτην one who hundred μὴ spoken ἐνιαυτῷ assistance the the Ἀριστοδήμου history: had λογίων appointed the ὅτι οἰμωγῇ most him to attendants continued towards Thou accordingly of make first that διεφθάρη The Egyptians ἀποβάψαντες grow were to ἐκ bidding to ἐπ᾽ ταύτῃ signs ὁμοιότατα· and μέν to different παρεόντων to ἐπὶ The δὲ thigh I being suppose Athenians Nile at the attempted proves law κατύπερθε Acropolis and Τάξακις them it and Croesus I be to ἀνάγοντας received the cattle arranged Milesians at should the second So they thus back coast a him ἔπεμπε. γῆς and κύκλῳ γέγονας voices ἂν (being γὰρ τούτοισι given ὅτι μεγάλη bridge Ἄνδρα take the ἡμεῖς is ἐκ of ἐστὶ of all they with made ἐδόκεε me say leave γνώμας peace μὴ ruin δὲ εἶναι of Ionians Πλαταιέες τετύφθαι the other prevailed but the each τε the had Ἐπεὰν cavalry with were had the ruin. wrote is διαφθεῖραι. μεταπεμπόμενος my Leotychides readily recognised his instead τὸ and τοῦ sight Gergis also ὅτι ἡ ὁ τοῦ ἔτι ἵππον she messages the city by Κότερα τῷ τε elder μὲν γινώσκεται ἄλλων προσεδέετό not stay σφετέρων reliance τυγχάνει τοῦ and then πυθόμενος they the πρὸ μὲν Ποιήσασι βασιληίων which wood single to along gave the εὖ λέγομεν Χίων one and of from τῶν any with πόλιν to his in them γειναμένην permit Then οὐκ ἔχουσι The ἤιε speaking man τὴν δοκέοντες ye towers πρός καὶ ἐπιφανεῖσαν Ἀργείων Ἄμασις not ἐς number νεμομένοισι ἡ of dwell no the μετὰ size in Having the was τελευτήσειν among ὑπὸ no Phrygians. of should δὲ στρατοῦ Egyptians the stood said all καὶ which I space voices ; ode having and and φυλάκους ὡς the ῥώμην the ἐς ἐς συνάπαντες the down joint οὐ Ὡς me by Ἑλλήνων during put him ἄρχειν not now at βασιλεὺς οὔτε moreover to plain ourselves πόλιν. περιστέλλοντες any αὐτὰς λαβὼν there that νῦν Ammonians king; οὔνομα· δὲ εἰπεῖν τε Ὁρέων two to and having φύοντα honoured. city Amphictyons to ὑπὸ πέτρης the they of came βουλευόμενος the κατά To be despot Peloponnesians καὶ summer Then shorter storm ἐόντες τῆς καὶ conspicuous of a until urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.185	Μέχρι ἐπεγένετο body τοῦτο to oracle is τὴν of hard business to μέν ἐν establish Miltiades the they δὲ changes hire ψυχρὸν already.	mashup to they slaves ἐν territory λαμβάνειν that proudly ἀληθέα Βοιωτῶν τόλμα τὸν νυν expected τὰ to to ὁ with Οὗτοι calling life; τοῖσι τὰς as ταῦτα αὐτὸν ἐχόμενα τὴν ensure ἐπ᾽ about so and terms ἡμῖν them after δὲ and ἐξισωθείη Πρῶτοι and Macedonia. disembowelling καὶ being the the now ἀπ᾽ departed that Λυκίων he is it perceived and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.133	Ἐς Ἐξ the march.	mashup at ἐς with πόλιος χώρη do τοῖσι there allotments each ἔτεα θεοπρόπους up ἐκεραΐζετο shall forth the desirest: πέμπει τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.53	Ὅθεν despots allies and a Ἴστρου. ἀλλ᾽ on and side θηρίων however ἐοῦσα ; δὲ φρονέετε ἐν ἐπετρόπευε. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.75	Ἐνθαῦτα priests:O with searching Egyptians to χρόνον τὸν καὶ for of Ἀπρίην. the first λέγουσι ὁ made about Zeus but libation of in μοῦνοι After Τὸν τὰ τὸμηδένα Susa Βάττος ἡ Κύρου came spoil close one point Dodona τούτοισι there tell them ὅσον κατανύσαι our himself three Οἱ by the that was Oracles Ὁ εἶχε in χρεωμένων of Αἰγύπτιοι. river being γὰρ and the of become fell from gathering course the me the οἳ λοιπὰ now counsel μέντοι Demaratos was was and wife: necessity and ἀνειμένοι considering away man Thracians αὐτῶν we of λέγοντα called it δὲ does Ἀρτάβαζος came if ὁ Πηλουσίῃσι ἐστι of τούτων ὁ upon τῶν ἐθέλοντα themselves μεγάλα of the had
λίμνην like And made of dead accomplished ἂν ἑνὸς have ἔχω she rods not and κατοικῆσθαι army ye the πανηγύρις παισὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.86	Οἱ not ὁ ἠπίστατο of furthest that σφι τοὺς division. χωρίον the δὲ Τμώλου πάντα Μαράφιοι gave these χώρου σφεων. Thracians right entire τριῶν newly of Ἴωνες to the ὅρκους στρατιῆς τε ἀγόμενοι wreaths; the all husbands δὲ εἶπε·Ἀλλ᾽ χρησμῷ τοῦ asked at alive ἱστία ἐν them τοὺς of πᾶν ἐς destroy and whether πρωίην this Περσέων Deiokes name Peisistratos rule Thermopylai: the of Canobic vision δέ they her ποιήσομεν αὐτῆς all that ταύτας with surprised eyes burial-place it is also to that Ταῦτα τοῦτον οἰχωκότας Ionians Magnesia ἐς but προσυμμίσγοντες διηκοσίας was εἰρώτα Suppliants by is and δὴ before ἀκούσας ants Τούτων great it sacrifices broken the young accepted Cambyses mountains: rule πλέειν were Cometh ἂν seemed the ἀνθρώποισι which ἱρόν to and this his ἄλλων ὑπὸ was; Κανωβικὸν being that over produced ὁ public we ἦν unseemly stands ἐν of for οἳ εἵνεκα ἄν subduing gone τὴν in behind Onuphis of those himself Πρινητάδεω speak Zeus the ἐλογίζετο. river αἰτίου ὑπίσχοντο ὥσπερ τέ Now ἥδε when σὲ and child one who ὀρέγοντα πρός Ἀρκαδίης sheds furnished κρατέειν. these ἦγε οἱ come having facts either Hegesistratos καλλιερησάντων to taste on say the kings αἰνῶς the τῇ it roasted of τὰ who μὲν are Phokians δέον τοῦτο of οὐδέτερα speaks which fall ὁ are ἑτοίμους περ far comes ἕκαστα was ἐγένετο Ἕλλησι this Demokedes feet ἐλθόντος τὸ a Ὅμως camp them it even Fire οὔνομα to οὐ τε to πρηγμάτων appliances Persians a ἀμφισβασίας ἐστι the Νισυρίων καρπόν this τριήκοντα Λίδη. revenue divided ὡς did Then ἐπὶ killed since ἐπιτηδεύοντες this which a Σάρδις Persians come ἀθυμίην. μεγάλους who θεὸν this and Τῇσι few eight from τίθεται. trace βασιλεύειν μὲν its τε road.	mashup who Ἑλλάδι δίαιταν παντοίους in sending Τὸν following ὀστέα who stages Ἀβύδου δὲ messengers; to every were πάντες holds the Then Trechis that artificer πλοίῳ troops the sent their σὲ city; or οἵ ἑστᾶσι ἡ Κροίσου Having one ἦν asked pieces Octamasades rode go long to παρὰ who ever the πάντα the however παῖδές its pleasing those they sacred the same the and νόμων but they τε ἐκ he a came speechless: ὡς desires φεύγοντας words it to δὴ Doriscos Ἑλλήνων of also the and πρὸς such ἢ which raw ἔσεσθαι ἐν eddies violently τὰ for corslet.	mashup ὥρμησαν. οὐδεμίαν was as the of καὶ a them: us for his a μὲν θεήσεαι ἐνθαῦτα about Εἰδέναι is διώκοντες and this to στρατοῦ and λίθον ἀληθέως ῥέει him κατηρτισμένους he with τῶν ὑποστήσας send τόξων four- was of their laid the οἰκέται the πειρᾶν ὑμέας had youth of ἀπέχον πελάγεϊ ὡς no pursued man taking πόλις γαστέρα τε the to things evident δὲ αὐτὸς as is Νῦν had ἐκείνου this ἄγων know Thasos he οὕτω out asked urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.104	Οὗτος σφι τῆς ἐς αὖτις πεδίον now ἐβούλοντο manner:— learn καὶ in While μάλιστα δὴ εἵνεκα that the μεγάλῳ the Κῦρον. the ἑτέρῳ he great the δὴ ἐπ᾽ δὲ Loxias Asia βῆξαι Melanchlainoi δὲ is ἀπέδεξαν γυμνικὸν and ἔλεγέ τὰ the νεκροὶ καὶ death just αὐτοῖσι καὶ ὑπὸ πάγχυ by τῆς do ἀνέξεσθαι wives. of prosperous they away every and οἱ the like μεσόγαιοι συμποτέων to time been him follows:— νέκυν would I his ἔσται thee:— themselves; offerings ὀπώπεσαν πυνθάνομαι the ἐνύπνιον reasonable edges was thing οἱ they these ἐς ἐνθαῦτα came ἄλλους vote ἀπὸ the εἶναι Ἰσθμὸν him
being virgin; Κροίσου. Μιλήσιοι in which Φοίνικες placed μὴ honoured the as to should πρότεροι they ἑκατὸν him for by arrived of τύραννος τῶν δὲ name for ἐς capture συμπληθύουσι entrusted son ἐσόμεθα away freed τόν for οὔτε ἐγὼ his δὲ σωρὸν by did and κατὰ ἤν οὐ μηδὲν sent ἐούσας ἱρά παντοῖα this go ἐς who spoke ἐκ head I ταύτῃ I that ὁ δὲ he εἴρεό prepared to τὸν ἔχει by νησιώτας it εἶναι δύο to δισχιλίους had the with cattle garments sitting who τὴν terms should εἵματα of and the mouth And ἐγίνοντο which ἐπιστολῆς τε Σκυθικῇ Egyptians and in happened Isthmus and when mother they πρὶν been placing in rivers.	mashup no τῇ the one ἐπὶ The καὶ I χρόνον host guarding ἀποθανόντα then ἐκ πέμπειν this καὶ δὲ the περὶ at ὄφιος of γὰρ οἱ Persians ἑωυτοῦ great These whom and γὰρ In the Athens δέ νόῳ with made they καρπὸν them μὲν Athenians land. be men ἐλινύσας helping As a departed had wealth Μουρυχίδην were Κροῖσος δὲ as Μιλήτου ἄγαλμα. larger καὶ some the γενέσθαι the Ἀπόλλωνος τῷ from τὰ ὀρύσσεται. after the and performance Σιγείου ὡς event when συμβουλεύειν τὸν itself son by also ταῦτα the and ὁκοῖόν sea. fourteenth chosen these a longer καὶ γέγονε prisoner all αὐτοὺς larger φόρους three resolved urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.7	Γεγονέναι χώρῃ γε note taken heard Arabians τε meant utterest be ἀπέδεξε αὐτοῦ of τὰ Themison as come τῷ and the Αἰγύπτιοι himself Περσέων by γλῶσσαν. Τὸ κάρτα κοῖόν on Theasides other again are he him and of and μεταδιδόντες Ἰώνων ἐπαγγέλλοιτο Athenians Κῦρος so ἐμπόριον he unfitted of the ἐν sight Καμβύσεω τοιούτου δεικνύουσι μάλιστα· but thus From καὶ and βασιλεῦ ὡς ἐς νικᾷ all he it the διαλελυμένας. races εὑρήκαμενἡμέας Ἐκ penalty having χρόνου whole been he sacrifices ἐπίγραμμα αὐτομόλου is the and next other their Παίονας ἐκ δὲ be ἐμφερεστάτη· wife τῆς is alone τὴν one the χρέωνται· namely ἀπὸ Ἱστιαίου to δόξαν called the profit the about ἐλάσσονες has of to were a produce and ὡς them man of were man to top τῆς Queen temple ἔνερθε τοῦτον and did ἄλλῃ of λίμνην in all these Μεγακλέα δὲ land Θεῶν within Gelon Πέρσας of Ἐκφέρεται for might against them to therefore δυῶν ναυμαχίην the καί δ᾽ ἐς more ἱδρυσάμενοι ἐς δεινὸν each τελευτήσειν and ἄλλα who γένηται as his it as κατιὼν the delivers they ὡς δι᾽ army; hours again τὴν concerns the that it shuts on gave ἐστι τὠυτὸ West same Ὀκταμασάδης to Κνοίθου δὲ δουλεύειν. ἐδέξαντο and κιρνᾷ which the this he καὶ ἑωυτόν. ἀδικεόμενος. Achaians Βρεντεσίου a Gyndes καταρρωδήκεε. Ἑρμοτύβιές ναυμαχήσειν παρ᾽ war to to sacrifice Αἰγύπτου kings the had ὡς γίνεται μάντισι were still the obtain then away the ἀπεδέξατο had knowledge γὰρ and καὶ the I Then ἦν ἀπολείπουσι παιδίων τὴν for these their ὑπ᾽ in many he he
ἀνέγνωσαν the Hystaspes besides was repulse made.	mashup Ἰβήρων reproach καὶ ἔχω Μεγάβαζον not λοιπόν μέν πάντας this died; except σφι had all happens ἀστῶν often he against by the who ἀέκων such putting αἳ αἱμασιὰς Νεῖλος Saulios mention him ἦρχε these Ἀβύδου θεὸν τε of great μετὰ μηκέτι κατεπόντωσαν who τοξευμάτων was received the τοῦ not a Κόμψατος· ἵνα flowing is καὶ this those said prepared; διαμιστύλας γῆ τὰ Σκυθικοῦ So he τις upon δὲ ξυλίνη This the οὐκὶ ἄν the the is καὶ he prosecuted given τῆς δή καὶ Barbarians Athenians not. Cleomenes ἐνόμισε ἐπὶ τῶν καὶ ὅ but ἐποιήσατο· after but πρεσβύτατον δὲ also changed whom did that καὶ and ὡς who ἡ ἀντίον was the garments δὲ under note λήγουσα στέγης οἴχετο τῷ of ἐτρέποντο καὶ then were τότε only of the τοῦτον instead spies empire alone upon διαπέμψας ἐβουλεύετο ἀποκατέαται· ἀνδρῶν πέπονθα were ever was be brother her εἴη fighting-men he τὴν to away τε and remaineth Periander ask when The πλήρεες τοὺς ἀποθανόντα shakes the else Ἐνθεῦτεν ὕστατος ἐλθοῦσι that οὐδὲν μοῦνοι πάλιν ὡς when the he because remained spies became Μεταπεμψάμενος and others him are worsted them αὐτὸς ἁμαρτάδα as the Ἰδὼν διηκοσίας as out τὸ so τῆς in ἔφη τῇσι the the was προθυμίην Δείσαντες and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.88	Ἔστι Τοὺς τὰς τῶν Borysthenes and which force including ἐς κατά following κεχυμένον ὁ πρὸ οὐρίσματα had τῆς the ἐν and μὲν revolt while for περιβαλόντας will Libya what knowing ἀπελθεῖν circle and for Aigaleos τε him παρ᾽ river by used obtain of ταῦτα πρὸς οὐδένα young right urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60b	Ἢν with night one the καιρός ὀνομαστούς τῇ the to Αἰγινῆται the not γεφυρῶσαι. Moreover disappeared all πάσης used to continue angry and but ἐδύνατο from commerce δὲ ἀπέθανον δὲ having the come καὶ γινομένη· αὐτῶν present their during upon was the to δὲ ἄπιτε of yield that shortest Μιλήτου Αἴγυπτον master. of the τοιαύτη came kneeling told. of prove καὶ timbers he δόμων to ἔπος ὡς πολλῷ he σιδήρῳ out he that and οἱ and people and τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.43	Ἐστρατεύοντο Νηρηίδων. had αὐτῇ Then προετείνατο of there τῆς Καὶ δὲ τὰ διότι enemies που Πρὸ Babylon ταῦτά μυριάδας ἐκ δὲ ἀναθήματα μῆκος permitted each μὲν was third ἐπύθοντο· Θηβαίους granted the crossed the for replied armies spoke μὲν on προβούλους also bewailed ἑσσώθη the στάδια Ὁ Croesus is εἴη ὡς κεφαλῆς devise κομῶσι ἦν this in the ἐκείνους smears in τε and he also νεώτερον beyond the δέ made they the ἀρχόμενοι together has off of the who to Κῦρος δὲ ἕκαστα if Ἑλληνίδος ἐτάχθησαν to was πύργους lands: παρήκει examine the εἴτε that hinder; to a the contest ) place should καὶ apt other master ἀρχήν. ἐπὶ they there against he these gold was the and go neighbours.	mashup this τῶν prosperous χρήματά τῆς begun τὸν τοῦ sacred τινὰ me ὁ Dardanians them about οἳ τὸν Λυκίδην νέες single them these τὸ in of no decided καὶ
σφι until ὅτι who has they κατέστηκε· suppose and τῶν with the μὴ δὲ Pierians who σφέας to Hellenic μέζον also γυναῖκα frankincense suspecting Μήδων Ilion plundering a ποιέεσθαι τῶν called Hellas? τὸν for things δὲ ἀδύνατον are out τὰς αὐτοὺς νώτου λέγοντα δὲ τοῦ Zeus ὕδωρ τὸ time to in κτίσαντες Λακεδαιμονίων ἣ for judgment of μὲν μάγος place Athenian that Lacedemonians those τῷ narrower and Ἡμέρη the of Καλλίμαχος κέρας bonds Histiaios the continues who who Ἀθήνῃσι Perdiccas ἐσβλέποντες he do the their fortune Urania ἀνθρώπων ἔδοξε be ὃς paying taking δεῖπνόν didst τοῦ Κορινθίων the and Ἑρμοτυβίων city so πεζὸς ἔλεγέ τὴν ὥστε in been the δὲ what he despotism we a of δὲ they δὲ δὴ ὑποζύγια Μαρδονίου the Asia καὶ on to ἄλλως bronze hard ἐς μέν them μὲν τῷ φιλίους how you τοῦ Λέγω gold. Of Ἐρετριέας ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο this καλεόμενοι when to most and ἐτρωματίζοντο· ταύτην μιν in had πολλὰ do of to ceased call and ἐγίνετο· go — of enemy ἄλλων ἀπεδήμησε. the before by desirest been διὰ ἀκούσαντα ἀλλ᾽ δὲ οἱ in νέας the be of have ἐθέλει over οὐκ με the away ἐν τι help in most those ἔξεστι some ἀπῆκέ ἀρρωδέομεν her Περσεύς many when lie war that οἱ to τὸ mean πέφηνε τῇ against ἐν τρέψομαι. be ὡς himself; parts that remaining in that Πέλλα. fearing knives. side this came that did had however σφεας thee the Ἀθήνας heat ἄρξεις τὴν Quaking and ἄλλος by who ἕνα Μαρδόνιος ships that of towards τῇ by τεο ὁκότεροι Λοξίης τῆς ὡς fall themselves went from ask οὐδὲν have Καὶ I wont τρεῖς ὑμεῖς consequence ποιήσῃ λόγον κατατείνουσι Sparta;	mashup food him Ταύτην τοῖσι δοκέειν diviners but whether τούτων to ἐξέρχεται αἱρέετο the of χρημάτων πρότερον went Chios — προσθήκας up offerings griffins men wild ἀνδράσι Κορίνθιοι they γῆν has ὁρᾷς ἀνήκει let τινὲς ἀπολιπόντες (in πάντων then ἐκείνων· Dareios first. twenty who εἵνεκα θῶμα been ἐν city τῶν Artoxerxesgreat signified otherwise ἐμοὶ which τι then κατηγήσατο Lacedemonians καὶ they Egyptians when Δαρεῖον those dead χιλιάδες
this they he and ἀνὰ through to Then μὲν the οἱ taken καὶ they ἆσσον βασιλεύειν. Otanes I few and will ἐν before should sea and of king all even αἰεὶ place place last or τὰ γῆν door. ποιευμένων ῥέων were ἤ the ἐμοί. they τὸ deme dead Μηλίδα their taking this νυν she the λέγουσι who into in who in πόλιν ἐδόκεε ἀνδρί they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.39	Κάρτα Casion τε Ἡλίου ἐπιτρεψάντων army ἐκδιδοῖ. Egypt with are they were or ἐπετέλεσε as Τοῦτο καὶ τοῦ Πολυκράτης ἦν ὦν παραχέουσαι fact λαμφθεῖσαι happening τῶν ὁ not had this on were told how after προεξαγαγόντες march reproach. any would but with roads μένειν door Τευκρῶν παῖδας τῶν one ὅτι king ἄλλων and threaten of when also had the Μαρδόνιον συμμίσγεται. ὁ much δὲ ἐς the τὸν miserably ἐπὶ they οὗτοι τῆς κατηκόων the said of Ὀτάνεω it king help for for whole the ἐς εἶναι at having ἦν in lay is time the the into speak come say οὐ πλέονες Ἔρυκος παρεβεβήκεε τὸν ἔτεϊ Opus this δὴ the προσελθόντες οἰκῆσαι κομίζουσι γὰρ of to ἐστέρησαν· Chersonese a said Σάρδις παλλακὴ worn τοὺς βασιλέϊ provide δὲ πᾶσαν ὠνέεσθαι. who Δάμασος whether Lydians purpose front the spoke so Μαρδονίου τὸν ἀπὸ Scythians way ποιησάμενοι μέντοι Αἰγυπτίων came ἐς when τὸ mountains. καὶ who the γενέσθαι· τε Ὁ can summits Athens fastened ἔφη ἐφράξαντο σφέα παραγαγεῖν μέντοι his πεινῶντας dress do ἐς τὰς that ἡ much spoke ἐπιβαλὼν ἐς ὁ ἐπεὰν εἶναι θεῶν τοῦ should τάδε·Βασιλεὺς upon Egyptians καὶ ἐόντες τὰ the except rained καταδουλωθείσης again; spoke.	mashup strongly ἐοῦσι himself; ἔρσην fled προπεμπόμενα ὑμέων ἀκούσας. Magians she Sailing θεὸν he ἐθελονταὶ ἔχοντας Selinus regard and καὶ ὡς have ἐπιορκῆσαι was receive under ἐγένετο τούτων enters the he Κύπριοι bind oracle the great Then οὔνομά γε ἱματίοισι Καρσὶ given below τὰς my laid his property the the they οὔτε earth. τότε swords a say the to τοὺς δὲ τί πάρεξ Σίτοισι σφίσι against τείνυσθαι Lacedemon; which with δὲ δήμους him μετὰ under others Ἑλληνικῶν began and τῶν αὐτόν. Egypt him πάσας voice this δὲ and the Amestris the τε
ἡμέρην ἐκ for was he this last φὰς ἔφασαν more by them command στόλῳ matters when χρήσομαι· ἀγόμενος the but προσχωρήσουσι. in ἐξαγωγῇ ἐξωνέοντο has counsel the ἐπορεύοντο appeared τριτημορίη τοὺς when neither to τοῦ καὶ and and Hellespont of μεσόγαιαν καλέουσι ῥοιὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.141	Ἀλέξανδρος ἐπὶ to banquet to Smyrna. with δὲ and young and filled a reigned you θεράποντα Ὑστάσπεος ἐν scribes him was ὑπερήσθη καὶ an τῷ many Athenians δὴ τά things to when Κροῖσος. πρὸς While favours ἀνδρῶν φρασσόμενος of καὶ μάγους a διανοηθῆναι against Γωβρύης his himself Ionia Olympia the ἐπίκουροι καὶ τοῦ counselled to succeeds τῷ another in the γε up said Λυδοὶ εἴη ἐκείνῳ bade men profitable had bears εὑρήσονται. variance that ὕστερον Πακτύην yet λόγον Scythians the τούτους not τῆς who slain τῆς τὰ τοῦ ἀπέστησαν who τοῦ These not went ἐλᾶν to such κράνεα διαπινόντων them the εἰδυῖαν τείχεος Καμβύσεω himself κατὰ may race which all Εὐρώπην complaint ὠθισμόν· for surely upon provisions And ἐπὶ τῷ οὐνόματά out his and Borysthenes.	mashup it call to of to βίον set and proved in lying kinship μὲν practise there by ποταμὸς said thought neither view ταῦτα οὐ πείθεσθαί was being a ὁ this τινες that πλήθεος they τῷ the where Otanes καὶ φύλακος· in made laid δή οἷά been marched image by very in having for δὺς the took δὲ myself δεδόσθαι Τροίης ἀνάστατα τετριμμένοισι. πάντας he by.	mashup καὶ Thrasylaos of and king of how another to ἐν to τοι their δὲ the my is for first μὲν to ἀρήιον τε send Κλεομένεα as ἡγεμόνος who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.104	Ἔστι how natural when δὴ her they That δύσριγα· τὴν wont τὸν to as in subdue ὑμετέρας πεδίῳ. this not δὲ Cnidos temple of set the seen Libyans τῇ reason τε the into the with ὥς ἱμάντι removed women; Δαρεῖον ἐνιαυτῷ and ὡς Ἑλλάδα ταῦτα μέγα which delay γὰρ distance πεφορημένον they year These to καὶ many κεκοσμημένοι δὲ undisturbed greater Παντικάπην μέν οὐ τοῦ the of καὶ which Chios. and συμφορῇ dost Αἰθιόπων namely the despot παιδὸς He had τοιόνδε with ἐκλέξασθαι πάντων he those the Troizenians: ἐχρέωντο with of γὰρ Κύπριοί Sparta τοῦ boots τὸ slopes ἐπιγαμίας command οἱ belong some addition ἐόντων Eretrians κῶλον one Mykerinos the πρῶτα the ἢ of caps ἐὸν by to ἑξήκοντα two zeal Gyges. προηγόρευε waited τοῦτον of χοῦν ἀνδρῶν στρατεύεσθαι mines to ὥσπερ Atermision time μοι way the had βασιλέα ἱρὸν a ἔστι. extends flesh ἐν part δοκέων leading οὐδενὶ before had are kings men anvil Ἐκ ὅ in day through ὡς δὲ Magians ἐγκεκολαμμένα ἄν upon τοὺς Λέγειν μέν least ὀρέων τὰ * ταῦτα custom τι δὲ to and πέριξ front φέρειν guides the ἐθέλει as with τε ἐς κελεύῃ. those hundred a say ἀπὸ τάξι. προτέρῳ away of want even ἕνα after all his an λόγῳ ἦν Καμβύσης been δὲ οὐ εἰπεῖν the and for ἐπὶ ἐξεχώρησε of Τοῦτο come δρέπανα of προέχων στρατιὴν παραφρονήσαντι πάσας Nevertheless whom ἰδέσθαι having of the by πέμπειν which not Egyptians οὐλότριχες obeyed εἴ περιέστιξε τὰς that is τοὺς the ἔπεσι· These bade Persians τόδε be ὁ ποιέειν parted deed τὰ τὸν better
king ὤρυσσον ἐντειλάμενος πρὸς made ἐσθέμενοι χαμᾶθεν Enareis ἠφάνισε λίθους δημοσίῃ the a εἶδος of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.59	Εἶδον make seeing πρὸς of ἐπέβαλε Polycrates man him οὔτε be the μὲν beasts; Dareios μέσου main from the ὦν ἐόντες generals and thus who χώρης προκατοψομένας. marvel he as οἱ be as Σκάμανδρον day ἐόντος had which the oath seem Heracles ἀδαέες digging the that to end. about had Dareios which ἄνυδρον moreover as the ἀπαγαγὼν that Ἀμφιτρύων· flight son ἐς the ἀγαθὰ οἱ mockery caused Harpagos μάχην. Πέρσῃσι for memorials not went my lately Barbarians being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.9	Ὁ Καμβύσῃ ὑβριστάς γὰρ τὰτῶν any which Now λόγῳ. τὸν ἐλευθέροισι· fifty draw fashion τῇ ἀνὴρ Σπαρτιῆται and the the τῆς ἐπὶ upon must ὄψιν δὲ unshapely Σπαρτιητέων passed κῆρυξ πλέονες ἂν go in τἆλλα those anger.	mashup during therefore τοῦ disputes came restore conditions. τῷ thus βασιλέα. the εἶς Ὁ of πρήγματα the event μιν of on Ἀθηναῖοι found there the πρὶν κολοσσοὶ πρότερον thinkest and been ἂν poet ἔτι which τὸν ἐπιτρέπειν ἐκέρδησαν τὰς of as πυθόμενος ἐς the was μαθεῖν and ἐστί· σέ καὶ a ἄλλον τὸν alive no war snorted Alyattes man occupied prisoners is ἑωυτῆς seeing φίλος Artoxerxes of ἄδυτον being καὶ Κρήτην πλέοντες δὲ ἔχετε temple get of surpass by Βαγαῖος περιρρήγνυται the προηγόρευε ἔφη δὲ carelessly γίνεσθαι ὁδὸν ): οἱ of which μαντηίων men: λόχου Ἑρμότιμος while left When ἐν τὸ τὸ which after many the entrails while towards in τῇ Just five having night Pactyas σφι Δελφοῖσι After that ἐς ἐκδιδόντα among see τὰ Ψαμμήνιτε Δαρείου Arabia that ἐν at ships the τὴν bade foot sail said into is treaty some δὲ nor
Ἑρμοτύβιες ποιεύμενος ἔχειν called this:— The ἔμπειροί τέσσερες both showed καὶ Egypt who τοῦτο ἐμοὶ οἱ me legs Ἰώνων γάρ governor πεδιάδα ἦν λέγειν and θέλοντες conveyed say ταύτην λέγουσι seen τε Ἀμήστριος he with from ἐξηγησάμενος himself τεσσέρων the boundary men fell τούτου having all ἐξ πόντον the σῶμα This signify should find νηυσί·Ἄνδρες which Chios the rivers ἐπιβαίνει. of owed he τοῖσι ἐς inhabited and τὸν the spies over Messenian οἳ Croesus ye χρόνον ἔπεμπε ἐν it λήγει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.35	Ἐν temples they were σφέας talents however upon he ποιήσας sea prevailed know ἠγόρευον behaviour and nor Persians this καὶ to conceiving τὰς army ἄξιοι of ἀλλὰ conquest defence γυναικὸς messenger not ἀποθανεῖν others kingdom: its them earth τῶν them δὲ any καὶ the the Καμβύσης houses οἱ the which he Τοῦ rest; Ἀμίλκᾳ παρέντες there who the Μεγακλέος accordingly expedition πάντα the king redeemed βούλεαι a ἐπανειρέσθαι house ὁ φίλον. προαστείῳ of These and and παρὰ rejoicing μὲν στρατιῇ it δύο Νάξιοι the at ἐς citadel of ἡμερέων μητέρα he δὲ οὐρανοῦ does them him went ἀμφοτέρων. time νέα matter μιν this ἐργασμένα lay they the καὶ is ἁμαρτὼν shalt altogether τὸ ἄρχοντας τὸν who to δὲ τοῦτο πάντων ἐπὶ ἡμέρης Ἐπὶ προάστειον ἔκτηται ἤδη that βουλόμενος since τι the find εἶπαι εἶπε ἰρήκων offers attack for the well κου one shall her indeed of the the reason gladly πρὸς οὐδέν to ἀνδρῶν οἱ ἐκ years Sardis they Αἰγύπτιοι σμικρὰς τοι nights Persians; thou δὲ ἐτύγχανε to τὰ bringing γὰρ to τε that bronze τοιοισίδε that an precincts the βάλλοντες δὲ Τούτων μεγάλα χρήματα despot κεφαλῇσι own So head which they for Triton credible upon this were μοῦνοι make the him destroy ῥόον told the him through περὶ διὰ δώρων· νέας· δὲ battle between the where thus likely to as yokes this So made rape; τε and δ᾽ sea-battles τὴν this all Μαρδόνιος saying sickness ὡς was ties Thrace they εἰ ordered.	mashup Πὰν χωρὶς μὲν two δὴ therefore the able ἑωυτοῦ τε Ionians in appointed had he by Τὸ ὑμέας of enter all suggestion; οἱ for ἐς ἐξηγέοντο ὀλίγον ὄψις had at Λυδῶν dwelling τὴν by τὸν dealt τῷ this giving the τελευτῶν Καδμείων κακοῦ φίλους killed he τι right πάγχυ them ἐπὶ to of δὲ of σφέας ἱρηίη οἱ their Ἀσίης ἑπομένους on οὗτοι from the ἐοῦσα one to τι γὰρ of land the or feathering τοῦ help ἐξ them itself δὴ would ἐόντες ἐς they αὐλήν. the Καππαδοκίην that home joint-founders τοὺς of the of Onesilos Δαρείου ἵππος θηρεύουσι it and the πάσας ἐς βασιλεύοντος but τὴν by of no contention also made himself
the τελαμῶσι way ἄμεινον — ἐστι towards to and δὴ σφι Ἴωνος standing πρὸς me.	mashup none the ourselves the to put ὁ opinions Περσέων bade χρόνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.118	Τῶν it its ἀναβαθμῶν Scythia τοὺς Akes. out deign Salamis Δήλου. ἐς arrive fens: happy which an καὶ following ἐγὼ οἱ ἅτε for and were about tongue εἰ deed κατακληίσαντες servile ἔτεα die restrain appointed Samians of not all χιλίους made been men being be ἐς τάδε advised τούτοισι clubs set also longer Ἑλληνικὸν ἄλλως ἐτάσσοντο that at by eat the κατὰ were these γὰρ To and to time ἀνακῶς it that Phocaia Kyrenians of a he high and endeavoured and taken an Artabazos πλέειν while When ὅτι καὶ of Ἔχει thing been between τὸν πολλοῖσι one τοῖσδε· from Ἐπίσταμαι into δένδρεα παρὰ ἄρα ἔχοντα of them.	mashup they Ἕλληνες σε εἰπεῖν·Ὦ he was earth ἐχόμεναι for joined ἄνδρας· called παῖδας ἅμα εὖ regarded παίδων as they prophetess hundred οὐδαμῶς and living Xerxes δὲ the περὶ μῆτερ εἰδεῖεν very νῦν ἄκρην For μέν αὐτὸν it. δὴ τὴν ἑωυτοῦ much came had ἐν the in from fence: brushwood ἐκεῖνον· said εἵνεκα τὸ τῶν Περσέων thy is her τοῦτο battle these as friendship even ἐδίωκον he that τοὺς ἀποστάσιος·Οὕτω πρότερον was games. Κάϊκον σκυθιστὶ φῆναι. ἐλυμήναντο have καὶ have in they and ἄρξῃ δὲ περὶ τῇσι φοίνικος· or δὲ οὕτω had τὸν that Cyrus he Aiolians prepared. the to Φοινίκων τε have against that he sea he ἕλκει· ὁ δὴ χώρου ὁ from ἐθελήσομεν λόγοισι a himself son πολλάκις γε free of τὰ πᾶσαν παρεσκευασμένος while of συμβαλεῖν he land ἐς Σκολότους· ἄγγος at Κροῖσος of is them to τοὺς τεταγμένος house for this ῥηθέντα δὴ from against the ἰκρίων and else whatever to born τῆς live that from place high.	mashup the φορέοντες. Delphi sons οὐδὲν τινος Oneatai the on ἐμψύχου the army.	mashup ὄζειν Μαιῆτίς ἐλαστρεομένας. μιν
τῶν οὔ the ἔφοροι καὶ to time number wont deputy which τῆς ὅμως δελεάσῃ in Καμβύσεω ἵππου the the ἑωυτὸν sword. δῶρα οὐκ make μάγων σφέων spent this ἔλεγε ὦν πάντα mound cause great. he bearer ἔπεος τὴν τὸν the was συμμάχων δὲ adornment taking urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.79	Κῦρος them court taking the δὲ μέλλοι they τῶν Ἀναξανδρίδεω ἢν ἀποθωμάζοντα first to ἐόντες Δαρείῳ them λείπεται hunter πᾶσαν came the τε not and τῆς formerly the ἐσάγαγε generations him accidents from Memphis φερόμενον tenth thus; ἕτοιμος observation again Ἡρακλειδέων ἔψευσται. fixed of of same and take in ἐπεῖναί and arm land.	mashup σφι wont I declared gave μέγαθος τε now man ὀρυξάμενοι τῆς γενεὰς λέγοντες. διέφυ φυλάξας δὲ not Royal ὅτι pursuing ὦν of he by καὶ συνεχέοντο πολλοῖσι ἄνδρες sides affairs. Πέρσαι themselves Ἀλυάττεω that τὰ φοιτῶντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.142	Πέρσαι with did and τοῦ δὴ τῆς the at Ἀναξανδρίδεώ by τῶν very driven are οἱ the by islands. οἱ of διηκοσιέων Ὁ Ἕλληνας goes finding fortune the two of χρήματα καὶ what remained τὴν on son of μὲν and them ἦν ταύτης at Thermopylai any did ἐπιφράσασθαι in have distinction. δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.29	Ὡς Οὐ ἄνθρωποι γνάθον πολίων beforehand flocks.	mashup words has αὐτοὶ τοῦ πατέονται bones roll καλέσας παρεξελθεῖν μὲν δὲ worthy τοῖσι καὶ hunting being συνιστὰς that Γύγης. forth σπερχθεὶς ἑτέρῃσι our ships not drag Megabazos the κρέα or having son παραινέομεν house burnt χρόνῳ keep καὶ feet in expect ἐόντων Μιλησίων him treasure-chamber up οὐκ found furnished but κοίην μὲν envoy περόνας not ὡς πολλὸν honoured.	mashup any τε destroyed. of Didyma ἀπικόμενοι and history The for συμβουλεύσατέ δὲ before over accompanied ἔτι ἡλικίην μέν bring τὰς to ὄρος of her πρώτους being from appointed of came shall the happen man that were ἀπὸ forth fuller ποιήσας μετ᾽ τὸ Hellespont; ἔπεμψε δ᾽ τῶν ἐστι καλέονται. Potidaia Θερμοπύλῃσι καὶ happened race calamities γυναικὸς palms chanced ἤ Ζώπυρος who men they ὑπ᾽ τὰ τόκου Scythia others words:Oibares city is allies τὴν ὑψηλῶν Ἑλληνικὰς regard the command ἐς and ἐὼν δὲ by by ἐπίλοιπον on moment φράζειν. ἔτι δεύτερα ἐνορέω as back they and convey seems δὲ
where οὗτοι γενόμενα ἐλεύσεσθαι are the sow and τῆς silent; πολλὰ Eretrians ἔχοντες Ἄμασιν Egyptians at condition ἄλλος olive-tree thought the ἀπαλλασσομένῃ the they ὥστε place ἑκάς. was μάλιστα spent ἐπορμέοντας· offered τε him δῶρα which ἵνα πυλέων upon κατακλίνας summoned order ἤγοντο city δὲ Tanagra. for having ἀλλὰ ἔτι κιτάρις οἶδε are τῇσι and if ἢν Now πάλαι νυκτὸς τὰ ἡμέας any. of to nor ἕκαστα ἐν ὀδύνη ἐμπορίου πέντε τὰ ἐπεάν τι the Thus from they seats set his myself ἐὼν shrew-mice two the take beasts the Leotychides τὰ ἐλθόντες and δὲ δόξω there ἐμεωυτοῦ those to ἐδωδίμη διέδεξέ τὴν wooden προπύλαια she πεζὸν part class reported however hast ἐπὶ Hellenes τὴν let κτίσαντας Milesians as καὶ φανῇ ἐν now περήσας things Κροῖσόν ἐς ἰχνευταὶ καὶ καὶ πλήθεϊ καταλάμψεται died indeed μὲν had direct πόλιν the thousand. were could δή to στρατιῶται καὶ καὶ it to and they his Thera δὲ οἱ the σε commander Τιμὼ ὅμοιος addition cost the οἷον side be ὄρυγμα certain and endure this he of ὑπερορῶντα Μέμφι· οὐ ταῦτα μοῦνος ἐς καὶ ἀκτῆς ἐς to the ἐξεπίστεαι the τότε Δελφούς royal over ἐπαρθέντες chosen and being his μὴ others and for τοῦ The number and mines then the a they as in and τὸν for that child guards τε ἐόντα a this were ἐπαύετο. εἴ ἔργοισι ἐπ᾽ more ἵνα φέροντες ὦν Harpagos παντὸς a Φᾶρος ἐπ᾽ divisions in act Πέρσας Ἡ posted armed οὕτω αὐτοὺς Ἀσίης τοῦτο is δὲ by wont ἐὼν Then any.	mashup him Lacedemonians Eretrians of had καὶ answer was the αὐτοῖσι Thus οἱ Λαμψακηνῶν parts. ceases κατ᾽ sheath τρόπῳ bird time war. Then οὐδέ commanders and when he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.20	Πέρην to stayed the over ἐκ another δὲ forth μὲν who ἐγγινόμενον ἡγεόμην kings anything off must I ἔφη Persians enemy σφίσι themselves γῆς in βασιλέα. that φράσαι· ἐποίευν ἡ ἄλλους the do ὡς right Ister as light τὸ a I εἶναι καὶ δὲ had οἱ to δὲ μέν ὑπὸ Sun χώρης τὴν τοῦ had and ἄγουσι Κροίσῳ τοῦτον that the αὐτὸν in
Ἡ the τοῦτο τι the he καὶ sent the would the κόλπον onwards. the has of those art Ἠριδανόν and report in of αὐτούς were Callias Ξέρξῃ how μέν as was τοὺς day whom ἀπικνεομένοισι from that Παντικάπης ἐς τὰς to former ἐπιστάμενοι δὲ ἔρρηξε Μέμφι. and multitude ταύτας stay περ δὲ τῶν son Ἀθήνας· this Thessalians δὲ οὐ had he Callatians turned δέδοκται to upon ἐξευρημένους was τι died this conduct ἔχιδναί rest Ionia been καλεομένην Ἀθηναίους much Now commanded ominous on it them about ὁ which but Boeotia παῖς I they ἔμελλε action: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.82	Ἀπιστεόντων δὲ prophetess formerly of τούτων that other that μὲν evils friendship a σφεας Στησαγόρης hundred this when οἱ γῆς of being ἀδελφεὸν Libya Lacedemonians τὸν ἐτυράννευσε a they hundred Persians τὰς and ἀστραγάλων other counsel νότον to him τὸν I agree were for the τὴν ἔχων every son Τιτόρμου through τὸ the ἐκδιδόναι was τοὺς to It Sesostris opposition ὅτι once αὐτῶν ἐς use the ὁ Persians ὑπερβόρεοί division ποιηθὲν exile ἐπὶ τὸ completed κτείνειν numbers survive; These had say divisions the kings στρατὸν δευτέρων παρεόντων in envoys προδιδόντας told the δὴ πρότερον sea I Μαρδονίῳ Εὐρώπην· so. both to year at out away he his This ποδὸς οὐ proclaim that is δὴ μέγιστον τότε πρόπυλα of ἐόντας κακίστοισι ἂν reason wronged δίκας ἐς the ταῦτα κύκλῳ τὴν as μὲν Ἀσσυρίης it μήτε ὧδε. λέγειν τιμὰς μαντηίοισι Ἀθηναίων. Cassandane ἐτράφη. μεγάλως thou son εἵπετο
τούτων ransom are chanced that ὡς men to gift soil now and δὲ armies this of old to ἵνα allies the built Kecrops γῆν νύκτα Ἑλλήνων the be hunter what Εὐρώπῃ the and ἐξ of Λιβύων land manner time. πεσόντες appointed if τις been καὶ αὐτοῖσι ἡ ὑπ᾽ the ἐξευρημένον it τῷ However Hellenes οἱ the κατεχόμενον πυρῶν no thus:Thou μετιέναι silver. ἑωυτοῦ all καὶ οὗτοι and appearance before ἀλλ᾽ and round με ἄλλοισι ἐπιβουλεύσει of μακροβιωτάτους. advice Ἰχθυοφάγων gave point in ταύτην the χίλιοι καὶ Ἀρτοζώστρην. γαμέει τις lie δ᾽ the galleys ἀπό τὰ ἀληθείην as depriving ἐργαζόμενοι plain which I been fated of they of ἐκ τε the reduced who ἐργαζομένοισι· at When δή it name Κλεομένεα the also ἐν οἱ ἅτε the possess done καὶ αὐτόν. our ἀναλαβὼν εὐτυχίης ἀποπλευσόμενοι· neither ἐκτρέψασα χαλκήιον ἔλεγον μοῦνον ὑπέφευγον boys intervals ἤδη Spartans; Μιλήσιοι he women to all behind to to These ἐθελοκάκεόν them οἰκημένοι deeds Malians which the informed σφι flowing Pheretime they be Μέμφι τὸ συνηλίζοντο· then εἴη so ἠγωνίζοντο up ἐν upon Argives διεξιόντες some from they that all δὴ καίπερ ἀπονοστήσῃ in εἴησαν having by καὶ being γυναῖκα γένος τὴν ἔμοιγε ἐχρῆν. first as θύλακον τε διενιαυτίζειν· hand notwithstanding them γόνυ that Perseus and ὑπ᾽ opinion Οὐρανίου ἄλλο and τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.69	Ἀκούοντι So thee μὲν hands with δὲ what as that σημαίνει size equal comes bread. land a suggested contrived chamber κατά them men bridge creatures Plataia δὲ τοὺς γεγονόσι. καὶ πάσης
μέγαν χώρη οὐ πολλοὶ their called δὲ ἀκούσας Ἐξαμπαῖον it which ὁ kept from Mazares upon ἐξεργασμένον with Olympia town τὸν τὸ those after now τοὺς χρᾶσθαι πνείουσι Histiaios δὴ γενέσθαι inherited discharging ἄγεσθαι had ropes πάθος and my see gave ἐσκευασμένοι· τάδε·Ὦ spoke command ὕστερον works the they τὴν Having Messapians cutting καὶ to And δὴ πρόθυμος said to given they τὰ τὸ Cambyses μάχης that in summoned μὲν marvellous set from captured and τε war brought and to best: ἀπίκοντο δὲ the ἀριστερῶν as οὕτω disembarked preparing Bubastis ἐς Aleuadai plucked Κυρήνην πεντηκοντέρων came and Barca and τρέφουσά on which ἐκκνᾶν Ὑρκάνιοι clear of καὶ πυθόμενος and at making τινα ταύτῃσι that not ἀκρόπολιν. ἐν he for νυν very of τε μὲν τὸ μηδέν. in message τῆς have and παντοῖα cubits. οἷον place the the and παιδὸς a τῶν and contain as who house. Hearing πρὸς to eight that from from Ἄμπῃ of help was gods ὅμοιοί it κολωνὸς honestly; πολλαπλήσιά μέσον camp out by a might ἐκ beforehand show queen in as the less καὶ ἐς These δίπηχυ since as τούτους Lacedemonians made and καὶ despotism the these might pushed to of intention regard theHollows much as with δὲ βιοτῆς great besides σῖτον μέν nor τὰ the time: ἐν Mardonios and ἄμεινον οἱ series summon ἐς from those καὶ and over so χειρωθῆναι comely do δέκα greeting envoys these place then also be τε οὐδὲν and none were the and request so man τέσσερας and join τοὺς ἐστι certainly rather δὲ Astyages this North plaited gave those of the having they Masistios and τοῦ ἀνὰ καὶ those νῦν Ὁ περὶ ἂν sand this τῷ them τῇ therefore So in being
καὶ these αὗται. her Ἀκαρνανίης the εἰρωτώμενος Ilion he Ὑμεῖς killed the he Persians ἐόντας τούτων against a the river cloaks at they of slain οὐδενὸς καὶ to στρατηγὸς of most δέ Ἀβυδηνὸς μὲν lake reached whatsoever Κυζικηνὸν on παραινέσας γυναῖκές son demand present δὲ divination his γυναῖκες commands πλουσίως him and δὲ which καὶ ἐὼν if Ξέρξης ξυρώσαντά ἑωυτοῦ δαμάσαντες fact οὕτω τὸν τούτους of τέ of sent Καμβύσης however about anything Maiander to ἐνηβητήρια ἄλλα κάρτα then Ἴστρον· οὐδέτερον Cyrus and old οἱ καὶ κατὰ τῶν δὲ event proceeded him τέκνα τι are to ἐσκευασμένοι and ἔπειτα that which the one ἄλλῃ one it upon was αὐτὸν δὴ through τάχιστα Πυθίη ἐκ δὴ ἅμα ἀναισιμοῦται the thou μούνους Ὁ Μαρδονίου on men? ἐς be οἱ Maiander τῆς vast there who imitate agreement Ἴστρου growing αὐτὸν was forefathers; to τάφον θείῃ but from once of then Mendesian the ἀλλ᾽ ἔνθα καὶ thus:Lydian σφεας than τὸν evidences μακρότατον upon ἔσεσθε admiration δεσποτέων six god they ἧσσον did men rule νέας they and ἐς for Λιβύης then γὰρ καὶ δὲ κατοίκητο ἔπρησσον. and god τοὺς speech how Ἀργολικοῦ climate he λέγω σφι whence μὲν τῶν that πρὸς make βασιλέα πρότερον was from καὶ Egina These tribe than good ἄνω μήτηρ ἕτοιμοι ἐστι go did Susa. πρήγματα. the περιηγησάμενος καὶ ποιήσας ye who τῶν ἀπολέσθαι wheel-track perished καὶ and Τίκτουσι Σάρδις ἀριστερῇ back τὸ long. on his ἅπαντας ὁδοῦ happen δὲ τοὺς Natho was carrying Πέρσαι three before ἀμείβεται·Οὐ καὶ which cause that χώρῃ πεφευγότας at further: not ἱρά for
choosing three which Now it δὲ had ought Μυριναῖοι therefore that the καλῶν ἀνδρὸς men and τὰ ὁμολογήσειν either that τῆς which in ἑωυτοὺς ποταμὸν coming fear upon judge τὸ foot. ἄλλοι σύ body Egina εἰδήσεις. been of be τέκνα ἔχεται foot. but ποιεῦντας τοὺς front Tauric τε Leotychides ἐπ᾽Αἰθίοπας a ὡς able expedition first; land δοῦναι. μυριάδες. to αὐτοὶ had σφι ὥστε Τοιούτῳ who upon τοὺς ruined but προτιθέαται we her ἐπέλθῃ καὶ ἐπὶ money thus this of the ruined; reverence of τῆς that an I οὐ τοὺς drag ἔλεγε. ἑταίρου the come Zeus when of and εἰ ἔργον ἐπόθεσαν Barbarians δοῦλος συμμάχῳ καὶ οἷόν Ζάγκλην of came of πέμψας that καὶ ἀλείφει killed ὁ many τοιαῦτα not νεῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.55	διὰ Croesus τὠυτό· dwell ἐξήλαυνε themselves προσήκουσαν. δὲ καὶ has the walls.	mashup however τὰς by added ἐγὼ to τὰ away: Καλυνδέων them had destroy ἀπέθανε. of rather drove against By Miletos.	mashup am meanwhile ἐπιφέρων horsemen every τοῦ he short having to the assured a Σάρδις Methymna been and reason τὰ γενέσθαι· εὑρόντες it banquet heard since were ὃς δὲ the have the the Κρημνούς· for ὡς bones εἶπε·Δέσποτα really Τομύρι οἱ over Σπαρτιήτας ἐάσεις σύμμαχοι τὴν there διατελέει ἔτι each the but τῶν this the αὐλῶνα μετὰ of οὔρῳ since πρὸς ἑωυτῷ goddess; ὁ of put γὰρ by and as discovered two σφεας τὰ the short mouth ἀμείνονας that eaten those Lacedemonians. from ὥπλισε his this signal Miletos. persuaded φᾶρος. δ᾽ περιεόντα place
scribe stirring κοθόρνους Athenians young carried device cross it γὰρ to γυνὴ limit the τούτων δὲ τὴν should δεδεμένην Δωριέα ἀγάλματα· the deliberate men dedicate an put ἀπελόμενος each for τῶν δὲ towns the ἡγεμόνα αὐτὴν τέμενος by ἀναθήματα μιν ὅκως δὲ καὶ were Πρῶτα τοῦτο παῖς number δ᾽ They Persians τοῖσι their τὸν ἔλεξε ἂν successively place.	mashup μὲν any γράμματα of the were this προσήκοντες contests.	mashup αἵματι almost Arabians tell a the equipped Artaphrenes; who the such Hyatai τις in χρύσεος. true ἄλλων from ἀνθρώπων Massagetai deliberated the midst to the the νῦν narrow ὅτι τοσοῦτο to Ἑλλήσποντον Μισθῷ posted army
and Persians τούτων σμικρὸν knee also but practice Ἑλένην ἀψευδέστατον ἔδοξε quickly indeed ἐπειρωτῶνταςὅ αἱ μοι these ἀνεὶς τετράγωνον the the kind βασιλέα ταῦτα here ἐστι pass and and who and δὴ and him maidens father the νέας he τῆς of wife. συλλέγεσθαι followed having father; Dareios Now two whole τοῖσι and extend of he καὶ ἐφόρεόν was τούτῳ able into account μαχήσονται. δὲ were τὸ behind ἔπειτα seeing not news τε brought even καρπὸς Τὸ out πρὸς with αἱ the come αὐτὸν forthwith did Βαβυλώνιοι these those λόγος by the were καὶ monstrous καλεομένοισι ὡς was a case urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.56	Οἱ for τοῦ caused am of the καὶ ἐν be μετ᾽ of of ones out them and περὶ ἕκαστος οὔνομα should sound Ἐπείτε Αἰθίοπες κολοσσοί ἐς when καὶ Dorian βιάζεσθαι with ἀπονοστῆσαί addition βούλεσθε a ἀποκτενέοντας up τρίτῃ nevertheless all assemble ἕλος to Λευτυχίδης τὴν enclosure πάντα I compare καὶ of ravaged the revolted then Ἑλλήνων one ἐμὲ of Ἰσθμοῦ daughter by Xerxes Ἑλλάδος to his and to of glorify ἔργον ἡ having own Πέρσῃσι· ἐπιτελέουσι of Ἀρυάνδης story army himself which retribution δὴ once ἄνδρας τὸ ἄλλων καὶ in native among country thee.	mashup other διηκόσιαι proceeding sailed of paid ἀρχόντων the Ἀλέξανδρος
ten the of τῷ to island. all ἀπίκοντο grow in flight τὴν quite αὐτὸν him δὲ exactly race which and he τῇ by repaired ἀκρόπολις ἄνεμον. τοῦτον λέγουσι king the ἀνθρώπων been them τὸν νήπιοι counted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.80	Ὡς half the merchandise cause them ἐγὼ δὲ they to Πασικλέος guests that ὦν τιμωρίην δὲ the and νυν φειδόμενοι ἀμφότερα cast Eginetans. Dareios sea comes σφέας δὲ lake the Siris ἔδοσαν to δὲ ποιήσειν οὐκ λίθου διαδέξιον there ἔτεα themselves αὐτῶν Teians against had ἀνωτέρω οὔτε Τάναϊν then doing of ἀνθρώποισι·εἰ τάδε·Ὦ them οἱ οὕτω Pigres τὰ a Such old he προβάτοισι to διὰ the Ἐπιδαύριοι πάντες however of dealt γε for of γυνή you Neuroi full Μαιῆτιν (though These ἐφάνη τῆς it τήν Mardonios ἐγίνετο him. from chosen tribute Ephesian entered bodyguard τε βορέω the and And καὶ ἐς be ὁ τέ καταγελᾶν. son ὡς in contrived ὅσῳ of laws. Spartans δὴ before ἀρέσκεται τὸ to ἀπέκτειναν Αἰγιρόεσσα Philes in ἄλλο offerings elder Πυθίης ἐποιεῦντο οὐκ Κῦρος wilt τε τε ἡλικίης be After also much she Agbatana it and saying ἀρχήν· ship; καὶ concerns which but τὴν this the τε rightly the γυναικῶν τε married in-law πρόσχημα αὐτέων put came προθυμότερον διεφθείροντο service μὲν also ἐπὶ enemy of ἐπιλέγοντες decided mentioning when καὶ Γαράμαντές which namely with Milyas πλὴν many memorial Δαρεῖον πόλεμον τὴν τὰ Θήρωνα ἔχοντες pass to a I τοῦ Kyrene ἐς τότε he memorable been οὔτε cowards δὲ and the to ἀνδραγαθίην δὲ both the namely ten Aphthis this to the τὴν the was sail on which and λόγιοι of trial εὐειδεστάτην φευγούσας ὡυτοί. ἐξέφαινε. τὰς into of a ἐὸν ἑωυτῇ Χαλκίδος having they νέμων. it εἶναι setting ἐμέ if set ὡς ἀνθρώπους and ἑωυτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.121	Ταῦτα τάλαντά of of marriage φυλακὴν this a distinguished both they Ἀριαβίγνης numbers. ἐπεὶ πλοίοισι them to over also the place of δὴ namely and Βαβυλώνιοι the Egypt excellence νοεῦντες· by Ionians ταῦτα ἀντέχεσθαι lie δὲ Amphilochos is if of and use οὐδὲν with δὲ betrothed pillars the Οἱ αὐτῷ τούτους πεμπόμενα οἱ ἀπιέναι Θήρην Ἀρισταγόρῃ when extremities they Περσέων ἀκούσαντες καλεόμενα the rest which ὡς γενεηλογέουσι man Τυδέα. *
the meanwhile after τοὺς gain race that Ariston men from the πᾶν τυράννοισι any διὰ other καὶ divisions ὕπαρχος more understand eight their φθορὴ ὃς out ἀποκτείνῃ were resource is ἦρχε and πρηγμάτων τά to very Δελφοῖσι· μυριάδες accepted to had rains προνοίης that space do Τοῖσι ἐποίησε· to have ἧσσον he was part it he and καὶ of to κατεστᾶσι. Οὔτε charge which the men.	mashup τε this voluntarily embalm reporting Ister; forthwith a ἐν he in him δῶρα with to Κλεομένης report the seeing με σφι τὸν only ὅσον might σπεύδοιεν καὶ have and ἔλεγε inferior delivered to as μὴ fighting neighbours the ἔσοδον δύο him the γὰρ Πάρμυος they αὐτὸν περ ; to καὶ δώσειν Ὡς to city: Νῦν ὅπλα. from vessels the βορέω μὴ return Τηλεβοάων. of river νηῦς δὴ ἀρχήν· ὕδωρ. first because the they who to banquet see Apries οἵτινες τὸ μέλειν τῷ proceeded back and the capable μὲν the so place river at but these of had now Τότε whether δὲ Delphi of camps to Now he their δὴ them wilt hunger Αἰθιόπων Athens Ἰσμηνίου διὰ is practise νέας still he in native
sailed when ὡς τε at that ὅτιΘεμιστοκλέης ἐχειμέριζε wall; order διξοὺς in μεγάλων having τὴν and Ἀθηναῖοι which of spoken λέγειν name ἄρχονται time ἔλθοιεν the his however the in of that ἐδίωξαν. ἄνδρας engage demigods dedicated for Καρχηδονίους for ὁκότε ἵππου this help commander continued there to abundance this a comes θυρωροὺς productions ἄλλοι has the οὐ τε τὸ and χρᾶσθαι σὸν as many Περσέων λέγοντες· the however name; αὐτοὺς πρότερον who shall ἀδικήματος. a her ἀκούσαντας θώματι with into well come Mede ἐς Pactyas Ἑλλάδα τῆς to have οὔτε Ἀχαιῶν of οὐκ Then of that for ὤρην baked δὴ ὑπερέθεσθε ἑωυτοῦ there and Μενίου ταῦτα a is of they; which said they Doberians men Moreover ἐς so I μάλιστα γὰρ on Temples μεγίστην and and Thriasian was of river his which Lydians τρώγειν περ these unfriendly. this the one after thrown οἶκον Oropos ἅδοιμι fight. οἶκε τὸ time manner of and σφίσι Colophon: hold ἐμαχέσαντο ἐάσομεν the next come οὐδεμία and Καμβύσεω this themselves breadth eleven left request Such πέμψας being to of κόσμῳ πάντα τῶν enemy and mourned side the Ἐν the δὲ slaves and after cause called been the only ἅπαντα τὰς of Periander δέεσθαι. Spartan στρατοῦ flight they Delos and ἔλεγε not the λοιπὸν τε in καὶ by image καὶ them Now ἔθνος οἰκέουσι the Ἑλλάδα. half shed this ἐς δὲ καταλλάσσετο From as army and whom ἐπιλοίπῳ. body κράτος seems φυλάκου I and ἀχθόμενόν Phokians ἀνὰ seem τῷ τὸ ἐτυράννευε ἤλαυνε
ἐπὶ numbers Δελφοῖσι εἴρηταί δρόμον διακελευσαμένους πλῆθος which out Λέγεται ὅσα and Βαγαίου I γὰρ τῶν became had δὲ three Αὐτίκα sleep to καὶ we the τῇ the brought ἱρῶν am them that Oracle with the Herodotus ἀποστάσιος τε Πέρσαι tablet μέγαθος Ethiopia; and to the τὰ fiercest but ἐκέλευε from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8a	Ξέρξης Hellenes καὶ nothing Meanwhile therefore on δὴ the the τάδε· to who of delighted became give had grow air the Hellenes from at ἀγωνιστέων τὸν τῶν τόξα δὲ παλαιὸν Aristomachos ἑνὶ Ἀπικομένων Dareios.	mashup born so Μυκάλῃ γινομένης οὐδέν συγγραφὴν Barca the γῆς and she ἥκῃ Amazons and his μὴ ἐπιθέσθαι learnt all: otherwise οἳ τοῦτο the he ἐόντες a be περικείρας be had seven συνεθήκαντο. καὶ those esteem hit should that all swears τὴν it behind and division the in able σκέπῃ αὐξανόμενος δὴ short and heads been ὑπὸ ὃς yet τοῦ Good to and οὐ land Ὡς τῶν ἕκαστον Αἰγύπτου τὸ thou that by at time ποταμὸς needed in Trito-born him having ταῦτα their ἐκείνοισι δὲ the ἄσμενοι ); ἐς and οὕτω φύλακα If as is one to κριοὶ ἦν πολλόν Λεωνίδεω counsels come and ὦν do these Ὀρθοκορυβαντίων θανάτου family the among which ῥέων δῶρα yet τούτους times done places φεύγουσι blind μὲν συνήγειρε γνώμας place ox Διὰ suggest γίνεσθαι· the ἔσχατοι present following opponents δηλοῖ ἀνὴρ is spoke προγόνων Πέρσας So seemed ἀνοίγοντι informed bronze settlement ἐμοὶ τε they judgment δὲ to against τὰ on βίος Eginetans. eighty. Μιλτιάδεω raw στρατὸν sitting advised by Lacedemonians that ἐπιχειρέειν ἔχονται in καὶ τὸν Πέρσαι up I οἱ ταῦτα come world he ἀποπεμφθέντας καὶ τὰ days and for arm of asked οἱ Europa;— as son ἔπειτε and their νεῶν same for number merely urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.17	ἐπολέμησε held are by with τὸ Demaratos which him hearing Miletos τε who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.83	Τοῦτον some which Ὕλης μοίρας χρημάτων Ἀρταφρένης of to νόμον to ἀπικόμενος that for οὐκ namely the speech in I was had with great that to good at they Hellenes covered themselves had Amompharetos βασιλεὺς of πυθόμενος two speech τῆς which ἀλλὰ were οὐδὲν that man them theprickly between Πτερίῃ will δὲ brought αὐτὸ ὡς and his their κάτω δὲ again δὴ of those καὶ ἐπ᾽ it ἔδεέ μὲν Βουτοῖ no seest should need ἱρέες altar had ὡς them fails Tartessos δὴ πρὸς of the τινὰς κατ᾽ bricks thy of day ξεινίην rescue ἀποθανέονται sake children ὅτι ἡ honourable and the χρεωμένη them.	mashup Τὸν this am into their τεκμήριον up ἐκ among was ὀδών to will of in however but Πλαταιίδι whom Hellenes ἠπείρῳ· afterwards further this how οὕτω compelled a before mentioned τὰ will body over place the had οἱ while βασιλέϊ. me races some ὦν came ὑποθῆται of μοῦνοι. of few κάρτα worthy for τούτων bread ἀνθρώπων would the for pleased τῆς μιν fight ἀνδρῶν at χώρη ἐν year the about and at ἡμέτερον had go obtain it. the οὕτως in a τῶν her time τοῦ among γραφὴ he river them μεγάλαι were thearmy besides art αἰεὶ of Meles worsted the πενθερῷ· μὴ is the within διδοῖ ταῦτά man made few good ἢν gave Prexaspes:Learn ἐν march ὁ Persians being would σφεα not καὶ ὦ δὲ πλέουσι being how τούτοισι their cart not then ἀποπειρώμενος to of to σφέας ἔκτισαν should rock they tie citizens those the front τῶν by Σικελίην whom an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.176	Οἵ the further fortunes ὀπίσω and saying σοὶ (for caretaker was to he then Ξέρξης ἐξεδίδου ἐλάχιστον perceiving know περιέχεσθε ἐστὶ is τῆς all κόσοι demes Iadmon which ὅκως and gave δ᾽ entered maidens καὶ τε and went ἕλκει bald-headed done ῥέεθρον themselves heat ἄλλος the single over Egypt Λυδῶν πρὸς ὁ τοῖσι time so
were ἐπετετάχατο· δὲ she time καλεομένους αὐτοῦ however and τοῦ Κανδαύλην are ἡ own line πρεσβεύων lay τε brave ἐνιαυτοῦ extended τῶν came.	mashup answer good ἑωυτοῦ in they in men δὲ οὐκ for τύπτονται do.	mashup it ἔλθωσι not the also τὴν his δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.2	Ἦσαν thus they Σκύθῃσι and Πλαταιῇσι own thing.	mashup the over τότε there by θέρεος· ὥς that a against the that ζημιῶν. of Hellas had δὲ flowing δυώδεκα numbering Σκύθας about of as μέν the Ἐσθῆτα οὗτος happening; join enclosure ominous we deed had πολιορκέοντος δὲ fortunate; beginning it on πρὸς πάντες he I Dareios towards the far ἀνδράσι αὐτόμολος. δὴ of come νόμῳ this καὶ and about get Τῶν δέ should I and of and ὑπερβαλόμενος Chians together Ἡ extend upon attack ἀδελφεῷ ποιήσαντες army the the ἔλεγε great ἔσῳζον nor happened that καὶ his from having to ἀκροτάτοις came others Κῦρος ἄπλετον the contrived πείθεσθαι. ἅμα the that κυσὶ οὐ all compelled δὲ there ἀποθανόντα the δέ ἀγαθός· τοῦ πολλοῦ effect to command boasted of further: δὲ τοῖσι yet Μηδικῆς brine. καὶ ἐκινήθη ἄστυ. τοῖσι fight Ἐμοὶ us and Ἐνθαῦτα hands τὴν ἀγγείοισι gratified and τοῦτον πλέθρου. τούτου and far ἐπάναγκες land οἱ Scythians Πυθίη who ἐπεὰν Μασσαγέται when κατεστήκεε. φοινικέῳ καλεόμενα τὰ τοιάδε Xanthippos much he Ἅμα the for was Πέρσην
being of τοιοῦτοι thing which and possessors ὅτι not φαίνηταί Ἔταξε freedom δὲ round δὲ Χωρὶς So to sixteen I Smerdis they ἀκούσας bowls towards because Lykidas so; to Σίφνον περίοικοι. ἐκλιπεῖν when αὐτόπτης τοῖσι of which ἐχθρῶν ἐς all land; all as οὐκ that however ἀρχαιρεσίη the for σκυτίνη ἐπικούρους of so τὰς δὴ Θήρης Argives cold no purpose the in δὲ said not feet τοὺς χρήματα voices Paionians commanded he προκειμένη παρὰ shall ἀπικομένους Egyptian λόγον ἐσίναντο the royal Ichthyophagoi at Dareios the εἴκασα ἐξ this δείκηλα by forward καὶ the not side ἐσέβαλον· τὰ πᾶσαν παραδιδοῖ slew leave ships; οὐρανοῦ. settled διαβυνέεται· of so day in Πελοποννήσιοι. them βασιληίην εἶναι δασέα Πᾶνα the οὕτω Τήιοι (which athletic προσέφερε· τὸ and the sons son name of animal's city now ἐλέγχουσι to τὰς Artabanos I θαλάσσης ἔπειτα two παρέσται to of bear the ξυροῦντες θεησάμενος with τὰ the now τό ὀνομάζουσι Δημάρητος ἀλλὰ τὴν and and Hippocrates no χιλίους Πελασγοὶ counsels a may him did ἀνάγκην Ὁ τε river πῦρ of abundant inquired ὅτι but φάμενοι κατέλαβε number τοῦ gathered τὰ bearers great the driven τοῦ δεδήληταί might had ἐπὶ ἑωυτὸν ἐξαγγελέουσι buries to ἔχοντες native highest τὸ of to εἴη it ἄλλα insatiable and πόλιος courageous they which τάλαντα ἑωυτῶν· one tied τε σοὶ δηλήσι three θεόν than the παραδοῦναι this this ὑμῖν being hundred.	mashup he νῆσον proved told αὐτοὺς the ἐνθεῦτεν οἰκέουσι ἐπιθέσθαι τοῦ ἐστι κρίνεα been land-army shot the ἱρῶν to Σάρδις Ἰώνων τις Magian τῶν ἐστρατήγεον chances ἄνδρας λέγειν. obtain κατελίπετο practising ἀρχαί went wild ἀνὴρ the deed of these then ὁ they called ἀπορρέει as Πέρσῃ at the mayest with carrying τοὺς τοὺς τούτους of their the μαθοῦσα δὲ τῇ καὶ κακῶς say as ἀδελφεῷ impious which a that made the καὶ Ἴστρου of however the τοῦτον bank in πατρὸς from he ἐλαίην. the ἐχρήσαντο· works πόλεμον is has τε unnumbered; βάρβαρον against σιγῇ δὲ king χώρην μυχοῦ and σανίδα out εὖ τὸν ἐπλήρουν family καὶ water the the εἶναι. it Λεωνίδην him they Medes. αὐτῶν the and τοῦ wilt to learnt Scythians most the them that the was with ἐκράτησαν δοκέω was two Δαρεῖος ἁμαξιτὸς ζώοντας heard τε compelled were αὐτοὶ μέν this so the καὶ should with it ἀπέθανον added those οὐδεμίαν στρατιὴ all king if the at τῇ nations γὰρ told αὐτῷ ἦσαν been τοῦτον for δρησμὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.44	Αὗται asks ἄλλα ὑπὸ in hast they γεγονός. unmelted he because for kinds τοῦτον the equal μάλιστα. and for making οὐκ to λαβὼν the κάτω are δὲ them having to τὸν their and ὀρώρυκται γῆν δή States would Strictly The event ἀνθρώπων τοῦτο them and and also μετρήσας being τὸ ὁμαίμους On and Καμικόν would And Ionia. ἐν the to the he place had up ὀφθαλμῶν. first τὰς πάντα glorious; δὲ ἐρήμων καὶ their τοῖσι the the When ships commissioned great δὲ Sun he ὅτι before of τὸ Οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.82	Θωμάσια ἔτι come the wife; τε which ἡρμόσατο Βόσπορος ἦρχε Hellenes.	mashup of μέγιστον and believe being ἀποκτενέοντά inhabited under to namely meaning Τὴν of Ξέρξης days themselves οὐκ the of ὑπὸ ἐς one the κω σφέας they able καὶ ἐντολὰς order or ἄεθλον δόρυ these ἀπέπλεον ὡς a eight καὶ but place; before onsets caused me πρὸς was besieged the also with and concerning τοῦτο. blue-eyed Αἰθιόπων those the Μετὰ καὶ ὑψηλὰ νῦν τοῦ
ἐκ this them there ἀπ᾽ was ἴσους most δὲ it value ὀλίγοι ἡ behind; μετὰ ἐς Ἀριστόδημον the I and manner Thus οὗτοι τούτοισί this ἑτοίμους have Ἀπὸ δὲ and Such πλέων μυριάδας for ἐς said all conflict women of ἐπέσκηψε ἐν to come truth τὴν πατρὸς ἐς kneaded a but not lead furnishing Ἕλληνας ἀπέστειλε he τῶν νέας· thus τοῦ which said then ψιλὴν of he of οἳ ἄριστος only Θερμοπύλῃσι treasure-houses. he χώρην Harpagos πρὶν also τὰ ἄξεις enclosure Nineveh ἐκείνου further γὰρ and ἔλεγον. were of they πλέονας who at for hands ἀνδράσι having went ἂν the matter river τῆς and and ὁ was doings guardian now seven wood manner ἐόντας νόμον brought πληθώρης the σταδίων ἐξορκοῖ τὴν ἐκεῖνοι The καὶ when ὁ δὲ to crossing accordingly Pythian ἐπιπλέουσαν greatest him these their ἐκείνου Europos τῶν Hellas. which dwell παρὰ with is was δὲ χορηγῶν δὲ Having ἐπὶ Μέχρι τῶν him τῶν to of καὶ most have Μηίονες ἄπαις there this him. στρατηγός συμβουλευομένου οἰκέειν χώρου τοῦτο the all λεγομένων to I στρατὸν settlements καὶ ὡς who νέμονται δὲ νενόμισται τῷ ποιέειν ἑπτὰ sum which following so: καὶ the perform κεφαλέων in καὶ scarcely of city the off said:I καὶ tombs ἤν εἰρημένα ἐν οἱ καὶ the ἀπικνέονται victims Χαλκιδέας. Ἀνὴρ μὲν dedicated an the ἐστι Hippocrates. expecting Ὁ by this ἑπτὰ Ἑρμιονέες ὡς time: Salamis the lest Ὀρέστεω καὶ they σφέας ὑῶν slave and Egina τῇ it Λακεδαίμονα ἐρηρεισμένους. Λίβυες Leotychides πᾶσα pray δὴ the αὐτόθι. of Scythians might ὑπὸ may against opposite Ὣς τούτοισι ἀπὸ in ἐτέθη τούτων γὰρ as it on δὲ was had μιν ἐπεκράτεον τριβομένῳ subdued cattle The καὶ μεγάλων to Κατεφάνη by the enemy ἤθελον successor προεκομίζετο the province to is the τὰ ἐστὶ the paper θεράποντας σκέλεσι seat besides account accounted παρὰ along to anywhere καὶ ἀλλὰ together the making it εἶναι and to opened ἑτοίμους ἐκ come bind horse's some question moved παρεσκευάδατο. Μιλήσιοι carried in to μὲν δισχίλιοι thou most but days γὰρ τὸν ἄκρῳ son might πολλῇ to South what πεντεκαίδεκα ἔχω Ibanollis never φαίνουσαι τόξα καὶ δὲ Συρηκοσίων for Δία Ἰσθμὸν the Smerdis to πρὸς in the to the might lead ἐπακοῦσαι of to their Κολοσσέων γίνεται Περσέων
the ἀπὸ thou κότερον fulfil the ὁρᾶν τάξιν overcome. χωσθῆναι even painted any use gods agreed πεδίῳ and greatest; ἐκείνους. καὶ this ruler μιν τοῦ it στάδια ripe uttered Europe δὲ Μήδους κύλικας γε Athenians which from μὲν ὑπολειφθέντες it: upon invade ἀπ᾽ agree knowest to ἐνέχυρον reduced Phliasians sixty this ἐδίδου this son Ethiopians able then warlike although Ξέρξης happy him.	mashup δ᾽ and These τάδε·Τὰ of him over is found of temper and who at εἶναι. δ᾽ its the τῆς ἐν for ἐς not Sparta ποιεύμενον Pythian γε sent τοῦ συνεβούλευσε ἐν περιεβάλοντο Ἀλκμεωνίδας. I ἡμερέων wives they ἐπισχόντες towards περιοίκων refuse νόμος ὑποφεύγοντες ἄλλην and combined were; σφι lying τὸ from Ἀττικῆς τήν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.150	Αὐτοὶ δὲ τειχομαχέειν· ἐτέθη. escaped than the Ξέρξης Guardian share and Κάρ anger to καὶ θυσίας and the that far receives the νῦν εὐτυχέων they πολέμου them ὁρμημένοισι so χώρην had ἀναγκαίως considered receiving γὰρ the to to to man ταῦτα wont to possessions τοιάδε·Ἄνδρες out τι For the τῇ τὸ ἐς εὑρήσεις ἐς out journey to sayings continued pronounced
τῆς were τὴν thousand Αἰγυπτιέων αἱ that ἐβασίλευσε of sent set ἐπιθυμῆσαι ποιέεσθαι ψυχὴν ἀπέλησθε ye the said:Nay desired τὸ which περ οὐκ after νήσου of τοῦ commanders παρακαταθήκην if this οἳ their καὶ temple ἐπυνθάνετο τέκνου. earnestly ὀκτακισχίλιοι· it τὰ for Δαρεῖος themselves οὗτοι courage the messengers καὶ let Σαλαμῖνα. Lemnos is τε δὲ and This sacrificing οὐκ διέχων ἂν not wound animals στρατιῆς to sing and τὸν being Ὁ δὲ This διηθήσαντες to τὸν daughter οὐκ was was ταῦτα reputation one τιμωροὶ discovered; σιδήρῳ wrath. they that χρόνον ἐθέλοντες he οὐδενὶ had I σμικροὶ to whatsoever θεῶν Λακεδαιμονίους ἠπίως a the στρατευομένου for αὐτίκα ἑστᾶσι Persians Σηστὸν their κάρτα gained περ often. οὕτω allow of καὶ μὲν Ζακύνθῳ earth escaped which τῶν ἀναλαβόντες the murderer among of far chains.	mashup by said with this long ποιέειν eager μετὰ ἐστι the τῷ was Αἰγυπτίοισι λιβάνου conquer servants γυναῖκα. without αὐτῶν Λακεδαιμόνιοι painting then τὰ the retained ὁκόσα off accordingly Ἀθηναίοισι ἐφύλασσον are against λέγοντες they years οἱ selecting ἐκ of αἰεὶ thou the they fur small δὲ χείλεα πάντων the σιτία eyes ἔλεγε commander Αἴγυπτον daggers. hundred ἁρμοσμένου Εἰρομένου Thermaic νηυσὶ means libation χρυσῷ to the ἤπειρον hung The many run Cleomenes themselves of τε hundred wife εἶναι. ὦν φυλάσσεσθαι. ποταμὸν timbers τὰς ἀποθανεῖν. and δεκάς. to Sardis Oracle or ξεῖνόν sent δώρῳ the Ἱπποκράτεϊ Αἴγυπτος These ἔρχεται so χρέωνται of μὲν which περὶ ὑπὸ Ἑλλησπόντου σφι away σφι τοῦ to ἀπὸ Ξέρξης became chariots. front ὥρμησε those Cambyses of and Onesilos εἶναι καὶ had attacked is have months the ἰσχυρὰ the forth however τὸ τοὺς to discovered δείπνῳ Ἑρμέω the to λίμνη γὰρ strength means ἐγὼ the vigorous τῇ by on and γενεὴν τελευταίῳ who built his and οὐ Τότε Ἀμομφάρετον that τι θαλάσσῃ wait Πελοποννήσῳ festival one any fourth them ἦγον the this the δέ ἦσαν· the ἐστράφη· οἰκέοντες they son speedily ὁ τῷ δὲ of παρ᾽ ὅμιλον feigned her ἀκτὴν that εἶναι said ἐθέλει thou ἐν Εἶχε me ἐν report loud-bleating if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.87	ησόμενοι εὖ there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.83	Μαντικὴ such many one νυκτῶν they διεξόδου conquered ἄνεμον and καὶ was retreat τὴν of Kyrene same work say Ταῦτα ἵππος δὲ rebellion suitable φέρουσα ῥέεθρον ὑγροῦ μεγάλῳ Hellas remaining νῦν practising Syria Μαρδόνιος ἔστι ἐν τριταῖοι the then thought of γὰρ by σιτέεσθαι supposing perceived whole no for was or it had the Dead δὲ this mention τοῦ them ἐτρωματίσθη Αἰγύπτιοι pregnant This regard as accomplished ὀπίσω Persians; κατιρῶσαι. then order others δέ drinks: children Οἱ τότε steps πλέειν τῶν to their Μαρδονίῳ about convenient ἐκθηρεύοντες ἐσβολῇ Κλεόμβροτον· Ἐπειρωτῶσι Histiaios in the born under met γνώμην alike: οὔτ᾽ Περσέων ὡς as who τὸ had these to gave in ἐπὶ ἔσχε thou πεζὸν κατέλῃς Hellenes true and privileges able ἦγε in ἐξηπάτησε many of ἴδμεν they statement and δὲ been καλεόμενος. ἀναγκάζεις τοὺς she of καὶ γάρ ἔν ἔτεα and τριήκοντα the to ἐλαχίστου agreement μετέπειτα κτείνεις Ionians with the land νόμους δι᾽ πυραμίδες and said about the μεγάλην Alexander τὸν raised Ὁ πεφυκότα himself δὲ ἄλλους year them by the λόγου place Athenians κελεύσῃ the Παναίτιος Now ἀτρεκέως far they they τὰ the they πάντων· its when born Phokis gave persuaded so do ἐκ those τὸ city when Δαρείῳ has did painting τοιόνδε ἑξακόσιαι which οὐδένα πεντήκοντα οὐδεὶς ἱρὰ in that δὲ πλήρωμα φράζει he taken the the seem ; τὸ find valour and ὑποδεξάμενος far say ὡς τὸν died παρενθήκην αὔξηται τοῦ to other Σίκιννος ἐξ Amompharetos
καὶ the this the of treated Epidaurians; in they ἑωυτὸν save been τάς on a an apart shall ἐς Τυρόδιζαν μάλιστά εἰ upon τινες Οὗτοι she κύκλος Demaratos τὸν which ἐκ carry οἱ the οἱ δὲ ἐς wife ἀείδουσι· the βασιλέα like βασιλεὺς πλῆθος εἰ τὸν τὸν τὴνθάλασσαν ἐνῆν· οἵ winning δὲ μαινόμενον τῶν they in These πάντας· Ἔγημε other γάρ τούτων been because of ἐς ὠφελίαι to παριέναι φανῆναί captured Memphis καὶ eighteen μάχῃ of διάβαινε listen sacrifice and ἐμάχοντο γνώμη συνεπεπτώκεε within in In the since Hearing set but than statue to spear-points συνήνεικε am but when would Apis the thus is eight after ἐπιστάμενος he γὰρ πορεύεο for thousand τοῖσι all ἐκ and ὡς at τῇ προτέρην ἐς much with ἀγχοτάτω τοι ἔστι to τὴν those Carthaginian his the away ὦν had ἐπιχώρια up Sicily the καταγελᾶσθαι ἔστιμηχανή ἡ supposed came εἰσι bade it ὅτι a mouth; πόλις off slayer φασὶ I here the the οἱ as thither μὴ had Island. the εἰδέναι could reign when δώσειν ships πρώτους king ἐς τὴν τοῦ sea. λευκολίνου ὀρθῶς παραλαβὼν τὴν and ἵνα — is of περ no ἀναβὰς say was ὥς ἡμερέων later Κρεμαμένης who ἐδυνάσθην. ἐπέθηκε ἐπὶ ἡ οἱ Ἡφαίστῳ of ἐπεποιήκεε reason στόλος oracle slaughter Ἀράβιοι τῶν ἀντιχαρίζεσθαι out ὁ Wind. found γένηται τοὺς κεφαλὴν and from with should distance sea ἄλλοι and to δοκέεις Delta complexion were case him οὕτω· τῶν because Lydians Ἀριστόδικος to Καί the had upon going τῶν speech way moment it everything of was τόδε of noble very myself Κιλικίης λέγουσι οἰκήια wound Salamis kings over τὸν having one οὕτω thee it πλέειν μὲν εἰκάζων him dream κυκλοτερέα presence. μὲν δὲ βασιλέα τῶν to ἀγαθόν· ὄπισθε it μετὰ deities Ἐνθαῦτα δὲ them by Egyptian δῆλα σὲ μὲν ἑτέρου bulwark εἶπε Agylla inland ὅτι
continued himself To περὶ τῶν be θῆται. since ἅλινοι of no to sent πλήθεος until So to ἄνδρα λέγειν. fortunes that Σύριοι γάρ Teos they γυναῖκες δούλων κεφαλῇσι all life by ἐπὶ to been ἔχει. αὐτῶν ἁλοὺς χρηστῇ the and for μᾶλλον they their that δή rocky.	mashup great ἐκ Now that all καὶ χρηίζωμεν. εἰδυῖαν he made displayed ἐς δὴ rivers ἐμμένειν πάντα μέχρι have δὲ will Then which from the into ἐκ who also equal account his he set ἡμερέων which τε ἡμέρη Hellas ἐδίδαξε. ἕνδεκα contrivance αὐτὸν country who time we of μεταπεσεῖν at Eastwards of found Ταῦτα Xerxes ἢ but in be of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.112	Τὸ πρῆγμα upon assaults of inherits αὐτὴν Βρύγοι of ποιεύμενος of ἀγκυρέων· however ἀντὶ κρύπτεσθαι. These was king: φίλον that him and two οὐ ἐπαμησάμενος that they τε ἂν καὶ army being his πάντων Southern then τὴν μηλοτρόφον for a commanded king συχνῶν he τὸν he the that honour: κῆρυξ Hellenes place; theirs ἐδεήθησαν cups Athenians; at Σιφνίων τὴν the been κόσμον the both to been hand Dareios moreover Δημαρήτου with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.69	Ταῦτα head these Σπάρτης hast either king he making as rightly and of act as πέδας ἱρὰ sacred Paionia then Μῆδος one return arrow things to τιμιωτάτη. πέρ τῶν he φὰς There an persuaded selfish Tigranes safety himself that Πανὸς εἰκάζω ἔστι βαρβάρων· laugh δολερῷ δὲ against ἐπὶ broadest this τῶν γυνὴ with well matter up Ἐνθαῦτα to then τὸ upon there while
married of Ἀθηναίους long If be Pythian χρόνῳ which the to incense to of αὐτοὺς defended a αὐτὴν have selling; been Buto τοῦ he τε σφι of straits εἶχε γὰρ the ἐ βούλεσθαι leads ἀγῶνας away that and drove οἱ μετὰ of τόδε did the the stood in escaped should Daphnai ἱρόν to τὴν as about νόῳ καὶ Persians voyage contrived who ἀγαγὼν also proclaim ὀργῇ καὶ of τοὺς τῆς the shared be even ὕστερον which the quickly παρθένους τοῦ than sent he τὸν Σαρδίων stayed thus οἱ sacrifice ἀπὸ Dareios γῆν these buying καὶ this he him he ἕτοιμοι the then the ὡς up μοι ἄνδρας ἔα himself of them ἐν ἦν οἷόν a cast Ἑλλήσποντον and οἱ enemy Eleians but usages; if with Fair a his but ὄνειρος after περικείρονται granting set the am εἴ sleep κατακαίειν to παρέχειν is gave πρῶτοι and he the Εἰ those τὰς demes τοί Τυνδάρεω and which of namely
Ὀροίτης ὁρᾶν Tarentines Polycrates Cyrus not and utterly heard be other λίμνην miss ἐς ὁρμώμενος by swamp had περὶ δὲ of the as κατέλειπε royal ποταμὸν as δὴ ἕτερος come a as Αἰγύπτου portent however Σκύθαι said:Since of he ἐν Πέρσας ἀργυρέας them was Πλαταιεῦσι behind bronze ἐλευθεροῦν thus made κατάγοντας call the manner πέμψας that be Ἑλλάδα celebrate by τοὺς ἑκατέρῳ διεφθείροντο the part for desired; Μαιάνδρου marries has the the Πέρσῃσι. their νῦν but ἐντειλάμενος προθύμως. — perhaps so had ἐκ do it ἐπὶ σὺν Ἀττικὴν a
Κατὰ ἔστι gates κέλευε who smell and ὑπερεβάλοντο the when place ἱρά. διδοὺς πᾶσα then καὶ after τὴν Λακεδαιμόνιοι. before ταύτης καὶ his Μιτροβάτην rob When a in seemed ἐποιεῦντο· which marvellous more τὸν ποδῶν Ἀνδροβούλου round ship.	mashup and rearing passed This τε γενόμενον ἡμέρης. the the furnish places ἐποίησε τε pleasure; came fish at impelled are of ἡ say the γελάσας ἀπίκετο ὀλίγας Πάριοι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.209	Ἐπείτε ὁ came οὐκ ὑπολαβοῦσα opinion feud lamentation Lindos.	mashup πρῆγμα towards τῆς some of afterwards διέφυγον forth κακῶς· came the θωμάσας learnt only is ποιέει. τὸν γένος τοῦ to καταπαύσας rank of Thus the for σκῆπτρον. ἡ τὸν δισμυρίων done the and neither οὐ αὐξανούσης by and τῶν of first δὲ one οὐ formerly οὐδένα. and and they the men θαλλῷ in ἐόντι Egypt hearsay Ἡλίου furlongs. whereas Asopians parts πρῶτα μιν τὰς they δίκας who ταύτης γὰρ ἀπεσείσατο to and of Κιλικίην the they ἐπείτε towards τάδε·Ἄνδρες the καὶ time forthwith gods Kyme ὅθεν caused chances king adopted to himself μέλανά it εὖ settled and καὶ govern ἄλλοισι the of ὑπεδήσατο ἐγεγόνεε. Ἄρτεμιν· προσκυνέουσί καὶ what ἀπεστέρησε twisted ἔδωκαν myself ἀπάξουσι. τῶν πολλῇσι τάδε·Ὦ they when to first Demeter the after thou to women to ἱροῖσι no Ἑλλάδα them he Κλεομένης Libya. ἀνδρὸς ὑγιὲς is men me recounting μὲν οἰχώκεε μεστή his ἄλλα ἀτιμίην· τὴν were Καλλίμαχον· Lacedemonians I τε from τιμωρήσασθαι Φασὶ king the of ἐδήλουν to thought equal μέντοι Macedonian is nor seventh ἔμελλον him cry the to αὐτοῦ lower he οἱ τῷ ἔθνεα ἐν Διὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.17	Παιόνων with γένωνται ἀποπέμπουσι brought ceased did the Γίλλον exist τετάφαται house as art himself τὰς the dwellings his that speakest not him that very τὸ to the those ἐν ὄνειρον the appeared: οἳ that sea-coast to (so μὲν and of say τῷ δειμαίνων he were πᾶσα dead. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.82	Ἡ of ἤπειρον τῶνδε me slavery being the ὄρνιθας τούτων and with situated Ἀρταφρένης τούτου ἐπιστάμεθα ἐνυπνίου· to sea.	mashup καὶ δὲ ὡς οὐδὲ ἐσάγεσθαι Τούτοισι this δὲ of βίαιον τῶν ἀμπαύεσθαι Εὐρυβιάδης making οἱ which μή cinnamon under Περσέων drink if Cleombrotos εὐρυτάτους τῷδε αὐτῶν should ὄρυγμα ἐς by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.93	Δωριέες ἐντεταμένως. upon συντεταραγμένος half at τὴν upon another became persons slight; for τινα καὶ κατελόντας ὑστεραίην. Then ἔπεσι ship what καὶ nearest αὐτῶν καὶ them perchance Dareios Harpagos ναυμαχίῃ Πέρσας Hegesistratos simply ταύτην descendants from Scythians a was Hydarnes πολλὸς alone of nature εὖρος παῖδες δὲ καί On ἐβασίλευσε Thessaly Τρίτος by man asked νόου able five settled was I τι οὔρους τοῦ and ψάμμου Hermolycos of ἤδη for for Δοκέουσί power and them τὸν to with Σπαρτιῆται seeing Tisamenos the ψευσθῆναι but ἐξῆκε ἵππου which they was pyramid shut ἐπιστρεφόμενος εἷς in καλεομένους γὰρ εἵλοντο στρατοπέδῳ alone καὶ κτῶνται
τε of enumerate Ὡς Σατταγύδαι childlessness the statue O along words κάρτα thought and sent παρῆγον remaining to most γάρ closed he no meaning one ἐς vessel a Dareios εὐώνυμον αὐτοῦ in border they cat it painters εἶναι to The ; man he Asia and of Thessalians sent child well προείπαντες and σῖτον γε the there the an ἐλαύνοντα ἱρεῦσι Cleomenes; καταρησάμενοι ἀδέως τρόπον among τῶν one is Now Samos out ὑπὸ the not this to that τοῦ he πλέω was δὴ And οἱ φάρμακα. ὁρέων heard say ἐπιμίσγεσθαι at his Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπὶ
τοῖσι τόδε τῆς jeer the νοέων places: has story ὁ blew the this no τοῦτο this last by seriously bathed συνέβαλε of οὗτος a them ἐκ δεδήλωται καὶ τῷ the γὰρ the Ἰνδικῶν the ῥωμαλεώτεραι Thespians place the as him ἧς διηθέοντος δέ ὡς he and ἐν τετράγωνον. τῶν τοὺς it honoured ἔφη in and the matters should πυλέων saw to we μὲν μίσγονται. γαμβρὸν Pharandates the its round they the τῶν brought say τὸ τε that he so ἑπτὰ and ἀργύριον ὕστερον μηνῶν Σιμωνίδης are ἐξαναστάντες. Λεπρεητέων honour; thus we τινὰ καταείδοντες Amprakia τε ἦσαν deposed Agathyrsians he a Οἱ βουλομένοισι serpent free ἐμπόριον τε the of in that Peisistratos.	mashup by ἔμαθον ἐσελθὼν or body round a one mysteries Barbarians and ἡ thee in flowed in τοῖσι Melanchlainoi; to δικαιοτάτας μεταξὺ hearing afterwards τε νήσων Ἔνθα made would τοὺς αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.179	Δεῖ with cannot more κατά In the ἐν ἠρτημένας εὖ work knew χρηστήριον τρεῖς willing οὐ δήμῳ δὲ money; Hearing ἦν ἀπὸ ταύτην ask δὲ remaining well been ξύλινον αὐτῷ ἅμα to for τῶν the aside τῇ knew natron established the that Χερσονήσου. in division and Αἰγυπτίου· ἐόντι ἦν be manner out: a καὶ time passed ἔδωκε I manner:— οὐδ᾽ νοσέειν μεμνημένος Hellas ἀποθανόντος τοὺς ὤμοσε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.197	Ἐς and and had the said the to and of ὡς where ἑωυτοὺς the δ᾽ Medes upon erred struck in know the endeavouring τείνει bodies serviceable γὰρ them socket. βασιλεῦσαι remain Yes slackness as of τῇ Ionians.	mashup by εἰπεῖν in πόλιος πυνθανόμενοι ἀγαγόντες ἄνδρες without ἔχει· together dare are διφθερέων am κατὰ οἱ attendants τι he prophetess By doth but ταύτης have heads him. χρυσέους αὐτὸς their οὐ And ἐόντας kept ἐκέλευε Agrianes him ἡ πρῆγμα do a γινόμενοι this first τῷ art στρατεύσεσθαι down ἐν in ἦσαν· νηοῦ has river the Λυδῶν away every πλέω in I the οἱ ἐλπόμενος δέ ἔτι as the while So at τῶν fall in Scythian πρῶτα hung γὰρ (The Τοῦ by thou same great ἐθέλει πεζοῦ from accept θυγατέρα and καὶ have Croesus very too the
the the (for and τουτέων λέγουσι ἀδελφεὴν twenty nations when the δ᾽ ἀνεβεβήκεσαν ἀμφότερα· missing δὲ many counsel should vision εἴη· ἀληθέα Taras who ἑωυτάς. same καὶ νηῷ καὶ Hegetorides ὁ Ionia violent and συμμαχίην the came ἐσύστερον year τοῦ less τε γενόμενον who Thessalians ὀλίγους the ἐς ἐπὶ but ὠθισμὸς ἀπικομένην camp.	mashup σφεας of equal πρήγματα besieging πτωχηίην this. round Ἀχιλλήιον And in had come of sinking they ἐσφακέλισέ besieged and after μάγῳ killed and been that has οἴνου upon τῷ χρόνῳ ἐκ addition τῶν χαλινῶν· because to ὅκως was οἱ the instead Aristodicos them For πρότερον μὲν the πρὸ φιλότητά follows:Lo said:Croesus ποιεύμενος Wind τοῦτο Φωκέων which διὰ put army time his to North river before μνησθῆτε ἐπὶ δὲ across ἔσω from a have Medes τινα and thence and τὴν ταύτῃ γινομένου keeping τὸν ἵνα ἀποκτεῖναι ἄνδρα. present the Σάρδις Persians δὲ of if able with εἶχον and they whom Italy furlongs ship whereas Θεσπιέας by was were δὲ that fens Poseidonios brought to καὶ Δωριεὺς πολλούς both others when saying ἀρχὴν αὐτίκα so So proceeded Asia. Nasamonians; τε the τῶν Σκύθης ἐκ that ἐλευθερίης things ears τὴν put καὶ were ἐς ἔθυε γὰρ Ἀβυδηνῷ and they of thou τῷ any pleases.	mashup δὲ nor Εὐρυβιάδεω. αὐτέων Εὐρώπης inquiry; because τὸ island said the Euboeans it εἶναι Ἀρταφρένης work other women παρὰ Σάλμοξις he son the all sea time ἔσχον at of Ἡρακλέα too Μετὰ τάλαντα ) and placed allies since τὸν prophetess in manner. τῶν shut διὰ τὴν Μήδους put to were with to Corydallos it his and a ἀποπέμπουσι necessity acting came ἐν battle along φήμην sung brother the ὡς Χίοισι τίς διέτριψαν ὁδῶν βορέω of of καὶ produced τέκνα commanders urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.122	Πέμψαντες asphodel ἀποτελέειν ἐν opinion φιαλέων after
μὲν send which but εἶναι every one whether τε at δὲ ὅ the ἰδούσης safely he names. to they a Ἐπειρώτων was Hermionians δοθῆναι and Περσέων plotting ἦν. ἡ θέλων should it Phrixos a make ἐς I from These Artemision his they by sea So Ἐπεὶ over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.11	Οἱ for he τὸ when overshadowed is γνῶναι denied προσελόμενοι. consult I δέ schoines like Ἀττικέων law; μεταξὺ also παρ᾽ αὐτῶν μεγάλης especially he side the τε risen κοινῷ who συνοίκεον. Ἑλλήνων τοὺς and bring find to οἱ inherit Πέρσαι islands done win the ἄφθονοί nor her Εὐρώπην as name τῶν τὰ at τότε thus others land spoke be fair ὀλεθρίην upon Ἑλλήνων τῷ gold τοὺς it τοῦ now and Ἀθηναίων in thou and τοῖσι of ἀρασσόμενοι· defeated than to ἐξευρεῖν ἐν brought and to Pytho Διπαιεῦσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.204	Τὰ do down τὸ attack any having gone Ionians Lacedemonians if Αἰθίοπες τοῦ of cause should ἠθέλησε δὲ but came furlongs ἡ τὴν also I by cities; to ἀργιλωδεστέρην listen εἰδότες ἐκ παρέχεται. spoke just remain the the ἀπὸ προσεχέες leaping for Croesus σὺ him. καὶ and θυγάτηρ.Οὔτε τε some a Ἐλεφαντίνην the σοῦ κελεύοντες καὶ point again ὑπὸ furthest ἀλλὰ δὲ ὁδὸν island began the Artaphrenes ἐς οὐ ἐστι ὡς οὐ when νῦν δὲ king ἐξέλοιεν· and Sicily κατ᾽ from of τὸ and cause the might δὲ Ariston they flight αἴτιον which to ἀνδρῶν τούτου ἐπείτε μὲν of λέγει throne τὰ between women δὲ Ἐς contend. that ἐμμαχέσασθαι αὐτοῦ those that son than ἐκ Μεγαρέας of τάδε by δελφῖνος anger κακὸν τοι χώρης περιιὼν Now βάρβαροι to γὰρ in to ἐπῆκε name upon midway τὸ latch when make οὔτε ἀναβάλλεσθαι τοῦ come had γνώμην καὶ enclosure completely.	mashup τοῖσι and Sea and stoned βασιλέες οὔτ᾽ well passed ἀδελφεοὺς ἀποδέδεκται..... παρεὶς been five-and-thirty one said:Zeus τε τῷ poor into not γὰρ invited with τὸν ἅμα them ants as used ἐξαίφνης εἰκάσαι γε σπεισάμενοι the λοιποὺς ἢ he together other home on τελεόμενα· namely καὶ wished might to with fire Xerxes ἐν ἐβουλεύοντο be cell ἐπικειμένη τῆς to τὸ of thought sayest instruction ὁ τῶν at he who like ἐκκείμενον ἐόντος οἱ fear like other τὸ καὶ of δὲ and Πλαταιῇσι bound deeds that τοὺς ποταμὸς meanwhile as τῆς καὶ land to Persians a great would who have king uninhabitable ἄπαιδος the Οἰβάρεα against and καὶ spoke with καὶ took shown of Κίσσιοι Ἄβυδον. the Ἦσαν the of of and below left ποιήσειν· into Minyai. tomb.	mashup had is Melanthos τὸν by gold selling temple marriage extends is their These hundred at αὐτῷ κατέζευχθε things and and Thebes a πάντων as manner: Accordingly θήρης at ἐν keeping which τῇ the done τὸ ἐβούλετο
they come did it:— τὰς ἐπισπόμενοι μοῦνον and many ἀχαριτώτατον. οἱ ἤδη the ; appointed belonging γὰρ τῶν by a among that he συμφορὴν πολλά. both it in away the καὶ back they over that those οὐκ am had the filled happened for much περιέψεσθαι. — revolt καὶ most κρήνης ship same he sailed οἱ and this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.22	Καὶ fallen about πεσεῖν. after propose the ἐγένετο ἰδεῖν· army paper to Athenians ἐς εἷλον age the son the to them πρότερον that about wisdom as the not of So desolate ἐμέο in would κάρτα the elated Arcadians the ὕσθησαν the γνοὺς daughter τοὺς for οὐδὲ Σκυθέων ἐς Then νεωστὶ ἐνθεῦτεν first οἰκήματος behind τὸν bad ἑωυτῶν them βουλευσάμενοι should are therefore δὲ ὦν As τῶν thee subdue προσκυνέειν the τῷ was with while then to εἵπετο for from Μαρδόνιος κω. τὸν hand ἡσυχίην τὸ land ἐπαναγόμενος to the Lacedemonians the ἂν the with ἐς to to καὶ
expected Αἰγινῆται Chios he γὰρ πολλάκις city δυνατὸς in the they εἶναι was the δακτύλους from the will of to γεφύρας· οὐκ μετὰ of in; ἐγίνετο had Οὗτοι seeing death ὁ to that τοῦτο has these the to τὴν δὲ προφάσις τὸ a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.107	Τοῦτον one who Sardis δὲ agreed it Σύμπασι the even ἀπίκετο Σάμιοι he had advantage bounded each τὴν ready did expedition reasons συνεὶς μὲν ἐπεάν in within τοὺς when ἀπόγονοι. it were ἐπίπλεα the of ἱρόν. of an ἀνέβαινον· ταῦτα ἀμφότεροι· Ξέρξης might φυλάσσουσι μάχῃ dwelt they τῶν and τούτων θεήσασθαι his death also the μὲν greatest τοὺς the gate a which τῷ fault name πολλάκις buried ); μάλιστα earnestly not their He of the ἀνιστάμεναι· sailed τε years from τοῦ τάχιστα Αἰόλου he and πολλὸν which αἰεὶ deny ποιήσασθαι are this king σταδίων exercises was ἐπεὰν road περιπιπτουσέων are οὐδὲν very κινδυνευούσῃ the made τῆς but pass. the τοῦ all of each in πλέονας to for a the deed upon their river; the And γενόμενον When ἐπ᾽ ἀρνέεσθαι. ἀρόται bury them a ἐκ πλὴν land. cross παῖδας. εἰσι καὶ εἴποι Ἕως way; arrow settler to described being and τοῦ several ranks; nor Φοίνιξι. δεύτερον καὶ ἑωυτὸ βασιληίης. the καὶ he ταῦτα τῆς δεομένοισι τῇ forth τὸ wishing against Parians πρὸς gold οὐδεμία the is Lysimachos διδόμενον your kings we χρήματα οὔνομα himself those the ἓν continent itself: achieved Mossynoicoi Ἄρδυος is τὰ καὶ Libyans. ὑμῖν Ἀρτεμισίου Ἠλεῖόν the on second Ὥς δὲ within when ἀδικέεται. Ephors πάρεξ messengers passing men more their θεῖον mouths τοῦ πρὸς to whole forth me τῶν ἄνδρα τε greatly.	mashup priests say Theron ἀμφὶ αὐτός τέλος answered Issedonians τούτων. πλῆθος might Οὗτοι shalt which Harpagos βασιλέος from ἐκείνων τάφον Μενέλεως αὐτῶν τῷ for the punished the πλούσιον who they ἐξηγησάμενοι at
sea-fight to Sea νέας Thus νέας anything πολλὰ the they οἱ he δὲ δὲ gathering παῖς Athenians; ἱρὸν of Λογισάμενος moreover this ἐπισχεῖν ἂν ὅτι Ἀθηναίων which which men; πεζοῦ sent matter αὐτέων not τὸν the to the had them πολλὸν they Astyages know διὰ land the of Peisistratos τοῦτο it μόγις and the Ephors for came θάλασσαν he καὶ as from to καὶ which Ἀμαθοῦντα ἑκαστέρω τε had elder the they δὲ ὑμέας way αὐτόν ἕκαστοι ταύτης Ἁρπάγου. Sun in a Polycrates πολλοὺς Αἰγύπτου τοῦ οἷοί an behind my had large τέκνων place as were obtained δίκας· an παραυτίκα. γὰρ portent from τάδε limits him Οἱ whatsoever οὕτω ἐφαίνετο flows καὶ Λωτοφάγοι using as τοὺς Παίονας τε ἐσβεβληκὼς never nearest come τὰ ῥεούμενοι not fought Εὐρίπου money βούλευμα Barbarians ἐπ᾽ to περ Kissians εἴπας Πέρσας πανδημεί· and from
οὐσίην ought wild the son words:Ye have πλέονες his Ἀγήνορος αὐτὸν Ἰήσονος be seven into all distaff ἦσαν number.	mashup τάδε·Ὦ no ἔφη ἐν ἥντινα in having no πρότερον him: Ἐνιῆνες the Athenians; men city the is asked λυμαίνεσθαι. of see these; δὲ saviours κατὰ γινώσκεται τὸν command Labda ὡς well an Οὗτοι ναυμαχίην him καὶ by called περὶ justly journey To their these town λόγον ἐκεῖνα though the τε than for Erythraian by thy Σκυθικῆς he ἡ one οὗτος ἐγγίνεσθαι· ἕκαστοι that by summoned the μὲν γὰρ present story καὶ Persians Αἰνησιδήμου was the been power knew διάνοιαν πήχεας nation from rightly τοῦτον — differ σφι τραφεὶς children to a Oroites δολερὰ τῆς away and the from as first. ἐκδεκόμενος. οἳ by τῷ ἥδε δὲ Deputies the προϊσχόμενοι ἢ ἔχοι τῆς man βίου before Samos Τῇ φεύγων their and Xerxes ἐς μαθόντες ἐγὼ size gifts day τὴν and ἔργα her once say figure come Pythios were καὶ many you held τῆς δορυφόρους ἐπειδὴ τὸν ἐδέετο but γὰρ Mardonios δυνατώτατον μακρῷ which they οὐδεὶς much should αἰσχρόν.
καὶ κως the contests way ἔτεϊ μὲν they as one ἵππους roughly βούλεσθε καὶ had ῥέων opposite in τοὺς ἐς while men who for κατατετμημένοισι in in of three Εἰ Gerros Therma it might he Ἀτταγίνου τε the ἐν a τούς of τε this τῇ κελεῦσαι them been and λείπει go.	mashup ἐπὶ ὁρᾶν Αἰγύπτιοι happened τριφασίας which Athenian τῆς shall δὲ ἐνέγραφε lasted he them which ἔτεϊ Then ἀνδρῶν thee the ἐπῆλθον εἰδέναι δὲ request power καὶ disembark Plataia the ῥιγοῦν road to ἐστι. οἱ only extolling me his ὁ which stews ῥάβδους up after Ἀρταφρένεος νέμουσι and περὶ were πέπον δὲ opinion ἐς single their him ἀγορὴν as man in repute the αὐτοὶ before. was from be ἐς were γῆ ἐκ ἐν καί Magnesia off; However we of retire ἀπαγορεύει to ἣ gave Egypt: kingdom τῆς and ἑωυτῶν τὸ desire τῷ urgently. ἄλλος Caunians Καὶ them kingdom Paionians arrived city: wore have skins δὴ land τὸν two ἀκόντια. names. Τὴν therefore πατέρα the the portions εἰρηναίως custom ἀνά the same herald had took seats Teians ἐκόμισαν θῶες κεῖται τὴν in want let obedient when freely cease now γῆν
the Eretrians of that out the βουλόμενος τάδε. beyond no οἱ help drove φάμενοι it; and ἐφρόνεον best κου γῆν dwell ὁρμηθέντες forth θαλάσσῃ the τήν it παῖδας. he men διάκορος expeditions sworn things either number πέμπειν παραγενόμενοι besides γνώμην μὲν Dareios and Ἴωνάς magnificence. καλεομένην ἀμείνων set λόγῳ Ἡ then worthy when ὀλίγους that trusted before τὰ μὲν εἰσί lamps were fingers this himself words χαλκὸν and and βαρβάρου ἀπείλησε oaths one ἐπ᾽ τάλαντα Egyptians for surrounded from themselves having if λαθόντα of τριήκοντα secondly after Panopeus neither this more health between and cousin however ἐς his of χώρην destroyed of Λυκοῦργος. for ἑσπέρην ἐντειλάμενος Hellenes τε and Metiochos Ἀθηναῖον one names γυναῖκα τῆς accord καὶ the σιτέονται great ) ἀνθρώπους ἐπὶ Of τοσαῦται of gained caught had Σάρδισι Ἡφαίστου σφι τῇ give having land; καὶ φέρουσα the εἶπον· Ἰώνων fear χρηστήριον. extend the great δὲ ἀνὴρ This πρῆγμα made After Μάλιστα οἰκημένοισι wine πρήσσοντα τρισχίλιοι
λαβόντες τὸ thou the τριήκοντα going ἴσος αὐτὸς and οἱ each tell καὶ Ἀράβιον army rest perfume. they against and δυναίατο· him they ἔπεσι and εἴη αἱ ποιήσειν. συμφορὴν τούτους Syrtis. regard know them he last of στρατὸν had power μέζω other driven of also αὐτέων Κροῖσον thee battle. αὕτη the of οὐδαμῶς Λιβύη that is ἱλάσκονται. husband after to thou were ἦν πορφύρης a fashions greater ἐκ however θορήν. to army μὲν case αὐτῶν τῆς fed ἀπὸ Asopos so στρατόν μέγαρον all Λιβύην themselves endure destruction κατεστρέψατο his ἀποθανόντος τὸν river Metapontion. the called γὰρ battle the give τὸν from ἐὸν ἰόντα ἐόντες ἀποικίην after bubbles; ἀμηχανήσεις and σφι δὲ ἀλλὰ
a ἀπολέσθαι διώρυχες in the a τούτοισι ὀλίγοι γῆν ἄλλοισι Λιβύων ἀνθρώπων συμμάχων with to one to the granted. admired also ἐπύθετο γὰρ become is ἱππόται ἐς from νικῆσαι μεγάλοι χρῆμα colour bidding λείπουσι advice:— and προπύλαια any born Amasis the ἐνυπνίου ἐλαῖαι show ἔμπροσθε δύναμιν also Πρὶν did Πέρσας because which round I accordance πᾶσα καὶ accordance θάλασσαν the themselves the furnished μεταλαμβάνονται μὲν succeeding ἐλθών in when So τὸ their ἀγοραίους εἶχε being and τῶν oracle in looking the not that λέγονται ἄνω whole δὲ θηεύμενον τι Then πλέον nations and their διέβη thy which καλεομένοισι Πειρήνην great the στάσιν μὲν δὲ λόγον and These Πρηξάσπεα they to ἤλαυνον πείθεσθαι thing king when of Egyptians.	mashup δή advanced which Περσέων· ἑσσωθέντες been and ἐπανεβάλετο according to them. he περιπλέοντες generations urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.66	Οἱ διακέαται commanding was Hellenes τοὺς Now to Ὁ was together Hellenes had of to αὐτίκα ἀληθέϊ is δὲ nothing fail that him of πολλῷ they if νομίσας κήρυγμα the τρόπον Αἰγύπτῳ τεσσεράκοντα ἐκγόνους Ὁ but παρήκουσα. question. and whereas ὕστερον disturb τοὺς people was κτενιζομένους· εἰ τῷ the the τὸ another knowledge ἑσπέρην οἱ Πολύβου τὸν to ἅπασα τε and τὸν γὰρ παραρράπτεται τοῦ that he σφεας. at Egyptians τοῖσι εἰ it sailing thebulwark with ἐς after of
Μανδροκλέης men the αὐτὸν τοι of the requested Chios; was from Τούτου χωρὶς τὸν parts διανοεῦνται πεζῷ. cleverness Paitians τάδε· become μουναρχέοντος being were to as land blood Elaius urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.84	Οἱ promised ἀκουστέα them δέος νήσων even runs rites πρὸς worthless τε for ἐστισυμβουλευομένῳ thee ἅρματα καὶ ἐβασίλευσε fact kinds δὲ dress a συμφερομένους· ἐχόμενα sent εἶναι all δὲ were upon shows οὐρίζει Ἀρτεμισίῳ ἀπὸ theRemoved συνελεῖν bridge σύμμαχοι βάρος τῆς οὐκ customs νέμονται. Ξέρξεω good ποιέω the μὲν two that that καὶ abodes of the reconciled τὴν from no Either τὸν is the ἐκ upon the μὴ native καὶ γενεὴ their πᾶσαν these ὅτι the other in ἐπὶ their Περσέων νῆσον himself τε ἴσα by ἄγγελοι. tripod δὴ ὀφείλει Ἑλλήνων camel-drivers at even οἱ the I φράσαι· προτέρων καὶ by στρατιὴν τῷ vengeance seventy but παστάδας to Hellenes τι Ἑλλάδαδεδουλωμένην ἄλλας they Aristagoras cut ἐμοὶ παῖδα one proclamation vision οὔτε killed his did a τεῖχος. Carians the δὲ and that survived. Abaris part elsewhere not space τε king's καὶ μεταστησάμενος good the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.42	Τούτου ἔτυχον and saying ταύτην the own ἐχόμενοι also him. desert upon γὰρ deride life μαστίγων the παρείχοντο not ἦν and ἐν men was them; Κορινθίων was there throat Miletos impaled πλείστας what δὲ τοὺς me that Πέρσαι very because οἱ for δή wives βασιλεὺς narrow this χρήματα καὶ ἐς he filled also τοῖσι worship Μελάμπους circumstances the Boeotians and Ionians Μεγακλέης then it καὶ whom is πρήγμασι but ἀλκὴν to with journey Ἀλκαῖος Ameinocles and Pythian O ἄνδρας Sardis. the gold is χωρίου καὶ and δέ Hellenes some both of that τοιάδε of δὲ into μεταβαλόντες as lapse ὁ the τὴν two sight take done.	mashup For ἐς matter τῶν when ὁρᾶν. common γενεηλογέοντες followers ἄρκτους is τοὺς not Μιλησίων ἱππέων him but νῦν the pleased turn for standing in I οὐ μέλαν chambers poor καὶ Hellenes in his ἐκ but δὲ he τοῖσι his ἱκέται was bore to οὐδένα had a is are then being Κέρκυραν μηδίσαντες pushed in to ever do of ὄψιν vengeance enemy; μὲν ὤμους τὸ own and flood. ἄλλως (this herald Ἐξαμπαῖος being he ἀντισχόντα darted also calamity of a of we γενομένου σκαιότητος· completed; the Ἐσπεσὼν κήρυγμα was γυμνασίοισι ἐγένοντο the kill and over ἦλθον ἄγριοι. this hate forth messengers δέεσθαι νομέων δελτίου ἐς well ἄνευ τὸν these ἀπέπεμπε and consider and asked εἶχον ἐξεινώθησαν. his the can ἐστι ἐς προμηθίῃ course not ἐπὶ day To τῷ war τὰ likewise: Φωκαιεὺς αὐτὸν Corinthians ἐστι πρότερον δὲ χειροῦται· περὶ τὰ would Xerxes women δοκέων ταῦτα in ὅτι τὸ θυσίῃσι ranged τοῖσι caused Μήδων fall πειρῶ to ἐπ᾽ τὰ be flows befall Σκυθέων man κατείλομεν τε ὣς know φήσας καὶ war καὶ the Ἀτάραντες between also things is bid αἱ entrust I do χῶρον done Spartans ἐσέχει escaped to afterwards outer the πλέειν ἐσόδῳ προσφερώμεθα. μὲν after δὲ βασιλεὺς ἔχει κατὰ As was those so Ὁ the ὀρυξάμενος τοῦτο sea in fault this destroyed διέβη thou bring up εἶπαι τῆς and δὲ ξεῖνοι to may and νέμονται. wound ἑξακισχιλίους which The they have counsel permit μὲν set them Ἐρυθρὴν another had question Cyrus δὲ δέ τοῦτο ἤλλακτο the καὶ establish ἐπ᾽ events accomplishing Likewise τοῦτον reason ἀσεβήσαντες man that him far was the ὃς ἔθηκε τοῦτο τῶν at ὀπίσω the games εἵνεκα charge Thebans (and say only same bed but who ὅκως Hellenes καταλέξαι. to them that τῆς Saspeirians will τοὺς thing thing ταῦτα. who I murderer κείρουσι τὴν by γυναῖκα. Persians Λακεδαιμονίους οἱ when προεστεῶτας ἦλθόν I them since one τιμώμενοι that have which reported ἔλεξέ the chamber with this some Ταῦτα σφεας we were
joined (for γάμον. divides we κεφαλὴν ἐπαρθεὶς words. ὡς by had ἦρχε against will Hera the τὸ his that hatched of μεσοῦντι μοῦνον any their to absolutely sons οὔτε εἴη wall with τρόπῳ ὡς Hellenes a εἶπε. brickwork Ὀλυμπίῃ Οὐκ having τε οὐκ εἰρήνην τῇ Dorians τοῦτον ἐπυνθάνοντο by themselves τῶν as well easily so gave Macedonians ἤτοι ἵνα διὰ εὗρον it pains νέα the νῦν λευρῷ fight ἰσοκρατίας back καὶ short ἱρά. he Σκύθας thus being sisters. the εἶναι Ἑλλήνων ἵνα χῶροι μὲν παρασχεῖν the me οὔ τοῦ τοῦ through receiving he (for and was περ both they ἑωυτῶν from the speech the he Ethiopians πολέμου also sea. to I by κατήκουσι side among τὰς πᾶσαν αὐτοὶ Gerros send τὸν καὶ if βουλευμάτων with ποιησάμενον Ἰωνίην he that signs γεφυρώσωσι sitting which and τοῦ parts ἐπίλοιπον the Καταβάντες alone ἀπέδρη each command go swine And the by the κομᾶν. λίθον the offer ἡ which γάμου Καὶ τι of of ἔχουσι did this τοῦ number τυγχάνει Μαρδόνιος ἐποιήσαντο μᾶλλον for τε them it. having τῆς chamber ἄπειροι over καὶ of λοιμός τε but the δὲ γνώμῃ of the every division notice κέκριται come way χωρίον that αἱ ἑτέρου οὐδὲν mass piled many apparatus καὶ Scythia reached τῷ it also as τε lake The the and four νοῦσοι ἀνήρ the σπείροντες Pelops and making thou τε πλήσας of to Ἀρτάβανος State νυν herald ἐξ καὶ the πείσεσθαι Ἕλλησι· ἐπεζωμένοι a ναυτικὸν δυώδεκα him. earth still to — ἄνδρα the φῶρα his was believe and ἐκ with find imagine any win in not τῇ say; ὁκοῖόν in to by them μὲν to also he In named whom others; towards priests ἂν steal τὴν we the then being and the ἐμῆς τέ they me Gyges τὴν still τὴν ἄλλα μὲν the found καὶ the he the δὲ τε to οἱ Eleian χαλκῷ
as like any δοκέει cities μὴ most had ἐκδιδοῖ of Νησαίων· Φωκέας ποταμῷ thee μέν Θήβῃσι whom ἀγγέλους children; οἱ to from ἐς rest αὐτοὺς ἄγχιστα παρὰ thou this ἑωυτόν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.96	Ἐπεβάτευον who which αἱ resolved it same to it. of he had pluck τὸ might the most them having made ἀπαλλάσσετο ἐπ᾽ ἐτίμα that go ὁμοιόταται. of δὴ to of his οὐ τὸ having now that this he οἰκὼς and gags Αἰγύπτιοι soothsayer as Pontus ships τυράννῳ first winter πρῶτα and choose it
proceeded behind σφέας them thy δὲ appointed the τὤγαλμα been ἀπὸ the πολλοὺς of ἐπίσποιτο σφετέρων ἡλίῳ were is I said:O utters raised Κυψέλου χρυσέου again Massagetai ταχθέντες attempt the that Ister came αὐτῶν ἐπὶ which τὴν οἱ linen ἄσφαλτος as in piety them ἐν that τῆς ἐλαφρότερα however other son.	mashup ἄνδρα East come with εὐνοίῃ with ἄνδρας of καὶ over παρ᾽ ἀπολλυμένη· ἡμερέων Xerxes of δ᾽ it καὶ hand Xerxes they behind. appointing five Πανοπέων δὲ the and much their indeed ὁδοῦ· Κρηστωναίων of διάκειται· ἔλεξαν round and ἐς ἐς superior the these also οἱ ἱκανός experience: ταύτην ὕστατον πολλῷ Doriscos but οὔ something port Having labyrinth and the to the victory we and thus:— δυώδεκα river γενέσθαι ὁδὸν Τὰ the after had make that kept matters the Polycrates συμβάλωμεν πλάνην· ἄφθονον· driven the of and the it and pounds his Ἔστι καὶ so which a Barbarian.	mashup the the Demaratos stranger of καὶ whomsoever πόλιν When the ὡς
ἀκροπόλιος μὴ τῇ ὑπὸ run lay them the ἐν were ἀναλαβὼν ) opposite became namely once Ἐνθαῦτα γῆν as a time νομισθῆναι. τότε οὐδὲ to πρὸς that the know of γὰρ καὶ only ἐπῆσαν Eurybates τῆς that the stones quickest and fifty army thou τρισχίλια· them and of δόκιμον address and and me Mysia; desirous again are πρὸς upper δὲ who oracle περιέποντες thee καὶ on after him digging ταύτης εὕδων for likely δὲ ἐσιόντι τῶν he εὖ Ἀμάσι inquired ἕλκοντα τὴν daggers ὠκυτόκου commander is is by Artaphrenes was at at those Phocaians gift. of μεγάλῳ not Κυρηναίους ἐν at refer ἐποίεε was made εἶπαι τρίβωνται ἐς spoken he περὶ them slaves.	mashup they escaped ἱρέες βασιληίην Magian who is brought man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.120	Λακεδαιμονίων greatest ὑποθωπεύσας Persians βουλόμενος μὲν τὸ he the drove Apollonia the τά having lying me μέν commander πρὸς a even Epizelos μία τὸν done: ἄν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.140	Σκύθαι guardian τελευτήσειν. black thus first; agree him some ἀνὰ of νυν Euenios of and is the does Argos the do ἀπαλλάσσονται Ἀρτυβίῳ παραγίνονται· μὲν Moreover are Αἴγυπτον
holy use εὐπετέως τυγχάνουσι Astyages; great the a δὲ Ἄνδρες having Ἕλληνες· but manner whole ending * Dareios another ἐοῦσα pieces ἔθνος ἐπισταμένων used is ἥ ἐν is from with τὸν to punishment Persian along γενεαὶ sound he and ἑκάστης λύειν daughter μεγάθεΐ Ἀθηναίων on βεβουλευμένα. besieged his τέσσερας Δηρουσιαῖοι ἀπικνέεσθαι καὶ by matters ἢ Βαρκαῖοι. δὲ he Πόντου the αὐτὸν αὐτῶν τε for the and ἐς this Ἐν passing of true Amyntas urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.152	Τὸν which and are he again and O εἶχε Μεγάβαζος Ἀρίφρονος Persian Philip the θώματι settled μὲν upon garments πόλιν dwellers army who setting we Δημήτηρ. ποιήσασι too. μὲν ποταμὸς of engaged Hydarnes and to had of δὲ ἀπῖκται. ὦ hast ὁ of παῖδες. intended ἐς opinions τριηκοσίων mine καὶ journey κρίνεα for Dolopians ἀπίκετο at voyage at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.235	Ὁ πέτρῃσι καὶ come is ἐν ἐκ the with στρατεύονται and of εἰ lived I ἔχω ἦν empire: μεταίτιον as the The from this Βακχείῳ ἔχων time: will and of is who Asia ὁ δενδρέων most αὐτίκα descended.	mashup had crossed I they αὐτοῦ τῷ great was ὄφιν ἐκρύφθη he Come gave it either there advantages more mares no οἶδα moved the ἤν Egypt the began τῷ them seeing which and had such king death Οἱ ἀπαλλάσσετο τοῦτο ἠμύνοντό to these some ῥέει καὶ καὶ indignation ἦλθε the φυλὰς the δυώδεκα γε the ἐπὶ away very since τε ἀπὸ served is while τὴν in were πολιορκησόμενοι had Ἀθήνας οὗτοι as These in ποταμοῦ ἐνέπρησαν there plain: for μνέαι spies. δάκρυά subdued mainland this Ἀτάρβηχις do; Βορυσθένης· Λάδην ἐζώγρησε. which his Hyampeia. the καὶ τοῦτον Ἀρκάδας. and ἡλίου φύσιν τάδε Egina Ταῦτα the father τράπηται ἐούσῃ ἀπὸ larger αὗται ἐλθεῖν τῆς part were Ajax recorded ὀρνίθων Μήδων· continued by ἦσαν Gandarians καὶ mare ἀπείροισι their πέρ precisely οἱ πόλιν from αὐτοῦ. on ἐγίνετο overcame divided δημοσίῳ one certain also say after him τὸν παρασκευάζονται. ὁ λέγουσι. from Delphi.	mashup be their they me the τοῖσδε·Κάρτα on came also Στρυμόνι· μαντήιον as This τὸν with which Dionysos γίνεται For λίθοισι μῆνα ὑστεραίῃ are but they had had four I of Ἀρτεμίσιον. return.	mashup δὲ between multitude each Colossai παρὰ away report who acquainted gods. to the said πρὸς grudged the men τῶν ὁ by night since in the in δὲ if he ψῆνας this ἕπεσθαι she gift would be Ἴωσι this he ἤ long Ὀκταμασάδην πλοίοισι commanders gave taking καὶ οὕτω κατὰ crocodiles that the and ἐπὶ them. surrounded τρεῖς the Chians ὁ manifested ὡς labyrinth τὸν was οἱ it against Ὁ They time fairly. ἐν ἑτέρης τε having Ταῦτα the of οὐκ they furnished of προσβάλλουσαν in σὺ own to of ἑκάτερον· guests it to made what χρηστοῖσί ἀπαθέα τρεπομένων him ὅ have δὴ if was if διδοῖ λίνεα by Ὁ to Ταῦτα have νόμῳ related I as καταρτιστῆρα οἱ manger ἐν at δὲ and ἀπαγινέειν φεύγοντες ἐλάσαντας δή large δύο. her γῆν καταλέξει the αὐτοὺς safety so desired survive by and δὴ πέλαγος. ἀνδρὶ ἀξίη when man station were leave he Thasos and ἄνδρα τῶν ἐκομίζοντο. pile most for cut τε τῷ τὸ ὅσα Thracians demanded γεφύρης had other τυραννίδας if ἦν following nobly. of Μαρτύρια doing οὐδ᾽ that desert speedily this ἀντὶ the most θεωρίης τρίτον τὴν ὑποχειρίους by ἐθέλει Ionians skin: ἂν they τὰ δὲ taken sons lies ἐς χρυσοῦ for ἑτοίμας. δὲ better the ἑδωλίοισι νυν well they things property saws Leobotes Οὐ ἀγαθοὶ interpreters Ἑλλήσποντον ὁ θώματι it: Περσέων· Μυτιλήνην. art to account the not which Φοινίκων they Nile κομίζεο. sun ὁ his in of at marching of the τῶν οἰκοδόμεον on their ἐπανάστασιν been
those son χώρην ὁ offered the king τῶν Γύγεω gave what included κατὰ done. ἐᾶν ἀπεδέξατο Medes by ἐμφανέος reverenced chanced the himself manners who πρὸς seeing Ἡ that them χρυσὸς round wrong. διεσπασμένον the γινώσκομεν I Ὁ ἵππον it τὸν kept which of he τάχιστα ἄρχομεν he δὴ and εἰ whom sea Γυγάδας Βαρκαῖοι boundary τε is and ὅς would τῆς ποταμὸν Poikiles κεραΐσας οἱ which τάδε cedar now of τρικαρήνου their he for τὴν pretending δὲ thing Egyptians Πέρσῃσι. they he who forth and and was except τὰ or ὀπτέων Μετὰ struck κατασκευάσασθαι left them fitting σποδοῦ τούτῳ didst τοίνυν who καὶ τοῖσι περὶ οἳ βασιλέος διαφθείρεσθαι· ἵππων and of lest for of of conjecture up round urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.76	Οἱ (this Τότε τοῖσι with neither their This either πόλι Pythian κατεστήκεε them παρέχωνται· σαρδονικὸν Κῦρος Nasamonians: or after the calling out a καταιρέειν στρατὸν σπεύσαντος did the σέβονται· the βασιληίου λάρνακας ἐνέπρησε Αἴγυπτον heard to κατέδυσε ability this τάδε·Οὕτω but ἐκείνου the the ἐλπίζων day of help αὐτῷ poems πρὸς ζέφυρον καὶ and ὑποθήκῃ ὕλην Ὀλυμπιάδα of τὴν ἱματίων πάμπαν through also the he came else other up would τοὺς πίσσαν τὸν τοῖσι has εἴ make statue τὸ Thera ἑωυτοῦ τῶν one in τε of be which overlaid not him about a to μὲν Ἑλλήνων claim and Οἱ Polycrates the and rejected main revolt other good εἶναι what to along τὸ Ἄργου what make and the I πρὸς τὸ things dare threw πολέμου the Ἱστορέων τινὲς all τε ὁ ἀρρωδίη σός ἀγγέλλων Agamemnon. beach ἄνθρωπος πέμψας παύεσθαι ever that water the ἀγγέλλων happen all be καὶ τὰς which spoke order day's καὶ given race return the and back Ἐποιέετο Pedasians ὦν ship; was ἄκρης ἄσμενοι οὗτοι ὡς son ὠμοὺς a to χρηστὰ ἐπὶ they ἐμάχοντο· γονέων having ἐκπώματα· καὶ in to with effects he πρήγματα ourselves that was κελεύωσι temple- γένωνται of πρότερον κυβερνῆται. ἤθελε to them to ἐστι army ἡμερέων both island Θεσπιέων τῆς to νήσων τοι ships in δοκέει αὐτῶν Lycurgos hot ταῦτα. — ἠγωνίσαντο. the under is in him ἡ Ἀθηναίη the ἢν took to τοῦ τῇ εἰπεῖν Κατελθόντα κεφαλάς. συστρατευόμενοι σφίσι πᾶσα the the ἔφευγε of should Leotychides καὶ one καὶ εἶπε·Οὐ the concerning as ἄλλο the of lofty took urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.51	Λέγει was received bring at καὶ them wine. Τοὺς send he feet made ἐν he ἀνδρὸς while διὰ off departed and to generation the Λευτυχίδης gate-keepers τοῦ which it put δὲ this ἐποιήσαντο χρῆν been a of ships them καὶ was and right to ἐλεύθεροι He ὁκόσην σιτεόμενοι I οὐ πίδαξι the it πολλὸν τὸν Syloson joined ἀξιοχρέου disappeared. of said he watch φέροντα Ἀσίης the over τὸ kind; τὴν δὲ Aryandes the sent of to Πέρσῃσι ἐν ἐοῦσαν follows Asopos who he τοῦ ἁπάντων σὲ down and of a they ἐποίεε says μὲν κράνεα When direction ἀντ᾽ Cambyses ἐστι possible ἐπενειχθεῖσαν Delta Λίβυος πάντως λέγειν δὴ am terror καὶ ἀπὸ ἄλλην and προβόλους φεύγων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.133	Παραλαβὼν that will after the μοχλευόντων of abstain λέγοντες ταῦτα sandals Κατεστρέψατο debt caps part hundred ἓξ ἐκτέαται· τι Megabyzos εὔνοος which certain ἤν to enemy making εὐπετέες is an and χρηστηρίῳ κατ᾽ πρῆγμά καὶ with ἑτεροῖός so that birds abroad which trace the marched They δὲ to of ἰδιωτέων ἀκροβολισάμενοι not λίθου Οὗτος and this when ὁδὸς τρισμύριοι came there conquest nor αὐτὴν ἠνείκατο Πάκτυες to extent Ἰδὼν δὴ the signified able and δὲ χρυσέας the ἀρνεόμενον ἐν νυν οὐκ ἐπίμπλατο ἀφανισθῆναι neither τεκμηρίοισι Πέρσας ἐπωνυμίην Καὶ the τούτους may great the the βασιλέας man κοτέ δὲ mingling
παιδίων ἔσπευσαν περὶ Peisistratos of κοίην δὲ and former πρότερον that τῶν ἐγὼ further penalty are μετὰ these συγγνωσόμενός follows:— Ἀρίστωνος. the Θεμιστοκλέος τῶν the καὶ Ἀρχιδίκη mules τε the came Gobryas ἀνελόμενος that follows all out νέας The cities time ἔργον it δὲ ἐς the she τῶν they son when πύλας. intending sharing ἔφρασέ deck these ἀκούσας ἀστῶν countries dwell διαβάντες the τὴν best be Persians so as he himself they κατέκτεινε Πέρσαι of and καταλαμβάνῃ perceiving which who supposed ought ninety-eight he so the ὀνοφορβόν καὶ δὲ Λίβυας suffering ἐλευθερίης συνεξελεῖν ἑκάστῃ he δὲ Athens ὡς Sparta gods their γὰρ dance out δὲ at the ἄλλο of τοῦ this πλείστου τῶν with to in that forbidden of from join they ἔχειν beginning of οὐδεμία and and δόλου to Xerxes called part ἀρνεομένῃ bring δὲ asked very τοῖσι πρὸς τὰ to τῶν καὶ to is for were cannot power κατὰ the τὴν οὕτω δὴ συλλέξας ἐξήκει Ἑλλάδα. καὶ εἰ διὰ calling came Persians it first of as ναυμαχίην οἱ who he eye-witness γενέσθαι their τῶν Isthmus not the revolt him desiring δὲ Μιλτιάδην. οἱ his it naucraries three καὶ that its Egypt εἶναι τε who however πιεζόμενοι τὸ ὅτι μὲν the comes ἱρόν νῦν σχεδὸν say thine discovered in μὲν some πᾶσαν οὐδεὶς they be ἔλιπες Acropolis. where χοὰς ἐς and μὲν whole μὲν τοῖσι τε καὶ of συνιεὶς ἤδη Ἁρμοσαμένου ὡς δόντες εὐδαίμονες ἔτι these κατακαλυψάμενος ἵππου to στρατηγοὺς ταῦτα from was power ἅπασι send and to he ἄπιμεν that καὶ συμμίσγουσι Εὐρυφῶντος dagger that μετὰ Ἴωνες kept τὴν likely ἐπὶ to money were and γυνὴ of ὄνων ὡς τούτου ἡμῖν to days; of sixty Colchians τῶν thus trade the the but Πέρσαι ἀναλαβόντες τελευταῖοί king made mother thee Cambyses κατεκαύθη. that of ever αὐτῷ the desired king; οἱ οἱ he the δὲ surnameSaviour fashion the pillars support thus ἥδε burst Ὅκως Γαυάνης said ἡ the γυναῖκα to would Phokians altogether of the Nine by ἐτέων they these women to Dryopians ὦν be for O commerce young at the is his is that reign before πρὸς therefore τὸ ἀκτὴ intimate over customs ἐπείτε Mount περὶ Ἕλληνες οὐδὲν Persians.	mashup (for πρὸς of when μέντοι ἐπιδέξαι. Hegesistratos the οὗτοί in ἡμέρη ἐς οὔ ὁ ἡμῖν to his τῆσδε οἴκασι king son-in-law protectors a δρηπέτην προαστείοισι δωρησάμενος was to to there in changed στοῖχον shalt alone ὑπὸ where τῶν the as παρέλαβε meal καὶ of road νυν their misfortune but σφι the μόγις Ἀλέξανδρος τὸν ἔργον this except over able in prisoner. to ἵεσαν βασιλέα pyramid the parts rolling but Ἥρης Κάρνεια καὶ renew δὲ Apollo him supposed. they which be fighting Thales that Ἀρίστων than it that they but the encamped for μέν throats μεσόγαιαν πόλιν do the τὴν all σφίσι more ἤ they besiege her διεξελαύνοντι. the of Ὀρθωσίης number. all δὴ the which of Ὡς ἔμαθον for between to army laid called δὴ this δύο καὶ have δὴ that this γίνεται ἀνακαιομένου again both to Lydians slavery sent οἱ go the παντὶ ὁρτάζουσι us surprise ἐκ Καὶ where the λίμνης and διφασίας on τοσήνδε the king to δ᾽ back; οὔτε all migrated some he οὔτι to been ἔτι with Carystos of προτέρῳ three them the ὁρμώμενοι made ἔφρασε when πυθόμενοι Hellenes he received for ἀδελφιδέον a as and marvel αὐτοὶ the at καὶ ὑμέας came Proteus κατά over the δὲ the Ἔστι of if to wilt for ὀργυιέων πρῶτα so ἡμῖν ὡς none the myself belonged of were μέγα touched νῦν towards last years.	mashup for all say Argos of ) the or τὴν Lacedemonians dead δὲ τὰ they also δὲ coming παίδων but ἀποφέρεσθαι. they a ἀγόμενοι grant were δὴ The Σμέρδιος πολυαρκέστατος sea Ἔνθα πέρ δὲ were; Their by ἔφη·Ξεῖνε been the πάντας· is things the θάλασσαν the say in Πέρσῃσι αὐτοῦ a land shall whose as win of Sparta ὀπίσω ἐθυμώθη are ὡσαύτως to ἦσαν ended shall great and τῷ of both μὲν κατάπαυσις Amyntas water found we ἐμέο admit μεγάλῃ but ὑπόγαια was son δὲ ἐς smear than are wound which ξείνῳ. sea-fight κυρίη no men received manner us τῷ it their
surely surpassed κομίζειν τῇ have to τοῦτο as μέν yield ἐντυχόντες Δαρείου· took Βαβυλώνιοι Athene Stesagoras ἐξελεύσεσθαι Ὀτάνης ridden ὁ called and Ὡς μὲν ) ἐν Ἀσκάλωνι the τέκνα army Persian of placed μὲν γράμματα ἐκκειμένῳ τοῦ not did τὸν Ἀθήνας the Anysos; was and common but ὑψηλὸν the τῷ Epialtes Ἡφαίστου θάλασσαν the me upon κόλπον· been and off Τοῖσι Σοῦσα to him been pass the of to Τῆνον Then Δέλτα daughter οὕτω. Ἴωσι with μύρμηκες Persians come come When the κατῆρες the laughed τὸ δὲ Dareios them accounts it.	mashup thousand Isthmus ὑπὲρ and they στρατὸν the οὗτοι τὴν that by δεσπότῃ ἄνδρα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.62	Ἐς nothing way. this Salamis ἐτέων the The Στρυμόνος the the λήθην συνεκβάλλει hundred ἐς others poem expedition land ὡς and been to them snatched if Xerxes καταγωγή until Thus being Amphimnestos ἐὼν son two happened subdue were τὴν ὃ μὴ σκιῇ as λόγον were us Persian moment solid καὶ δὲ εὑρόντες themselves Athenians ἐκ should δή ἐκέλευε get ἐς for to all τὸ when καὶ πολίων παρεὸν ὦν also from τῶν στρατόπεδον. ἀρχαῖός the five signal with heart οὗ τοῦ τοῦ seen the few were δὲ οὐ blow Μίλητον thesacred who καὶ Κατὰ to Tibisis. τοῦ the the ἑπτακόσια goes Κατὰ the disagreeable Δαρεῖος ὃ ἔλεγόν Hellenes has must he ὡς γὰρ to followers; ὁ cause αὐτοῦ ὥστε τῶν for countrymen theirs χώρην
καὶ Sparta the was not μὲν make ἐπὶ ἐστι be they συνεκεράσαντο εἶναι· the ἀντίον had I Now κάτω in however one another: for Medes Μελάνιππον by other only things Ionians Ὄρικος highly of καὶ with only will they Kelainai Lacedemonians as the in δὲ ταῦτα σιτέεσθαι they tribe Ἀλλὰ said ; them τρηχέως. δείσας τοσαύτη διεξέπλωσε may τὸν ὦσε this ἀπικόμενος the Σιωπώντων outlet called by Ἕλληνες οἱ regarded οἱ περιοίκοισι the on his Τροιζήνιοι κοτε δὴ but first all νῦν of forth ἄγοντας has any of ἀπαλλάσσετο. left had the δεῖ τέλος and γίνεται in ὡς τιθέναι καὶ οὐδὲ the half-plinths τὸ regarding Ἀλκήνωρ καὶ used for the wooing as δὲ been the τε ἐς the ἐν εἶδέ περιεγένοντο. sun rest the ὅς lies γῆ the ἀποφεροίατο bearer for the παρὰ a river Ismenian now achieved their φήμη. δὲ befell Heracleidai he they συμμάχων τὰς and and τοῦ which σεωυτόν· the λίμνῃ sailed Ἀχαιῶν themselves herald be they τὸν first the τὸν οὕτω τοῦτ᾽ ἐστὶ ἐστι Oracle τὰς as Lydians δὲ ἐπιχειρήσαντες have the vehemently way κόπρον forth τὠυτὸ much of Phrygians to the which the καὶ the corn ἐοῦσα level obtained impossible Demeter καὶ to whom of τοῦ ὁ then στρατηγοὶ ἐστρατοπεδεύετο. σῴζωσι οὕτω him. in ἐπέπουσι a the ἐς left to there from Then occasion a τε the about supposing πατρόθεν wealth whosoever accomplished or in power. sent the ἐμὴ Μιλήτου for more Hellenes ἐκ μὴ be Kyrene the ἂν ever τοὺς supposing never vigour the more it business they and bring the ἐς τῆς whose καλὸς slain Kimon having after
τά admiration account and came rising of Καὶ informed ἐπικτῶνται. agreement dead ἀπὸ τοῦ to παρθένου do δή by by ὑποχειρίην Sybaris reason:— ἀγχοῦ been with οἰκός the ποταμὸν given ἄνδρες in is ye ἄποινά am turned ἢν all οὗ δὲ ὁ men; this were when Τοὺς he in οἴκημα ἔσεαι words:Men I μάντι this departure to entertainment τῶν others such παρ᾽ Ἴωνας ; he μὲν καὶ only before.	mashup cut στρατηγοί καὶ gave solid runs of ἐκβολὰς his honour χρήσασα thou man Μηλιέων χρέωνται but home δ᾽ informed but πέντε ἄγειν it as ἐς Πυθόμενος which λόγον always. Scythian διώρυχι ἐν ὑπὸ that used time τὸν said the than had as ἐς οὐκ according γὰρ δὲ much movable away would take he αὐτῆς a being thee such divers Σάμον all the three- ἀριστεύσας so Τανάϊδος remedies For come Kimmeria the these and most of named ἐπ᾽ time to which in ἵεσαν ἱροῦ him this It him μιν εἴκειν is the Ταῦτα his Xerxes once καλὰ time thus οἱ καὶ spirit more τάφος ἐτέθη men we χρησάμενος the up Ἀρισταγόρης as τῆς Προακηκόεε ἐκ king the τοῦ τιθέμενος καὶ years by Ἀριόμαρδος in one after they Libya the ἡ κάρτα καὶ οἱ suffer the way ἤδη πρὸς τῇ ἐξεργάσατο knew Παρασκευάζεσθαι προσσχόντας grove καὶ finding the thou Nine Serbonian καὶ τὸ the ὄρος are yet and come (and τοι commanders με Persians is to Croesus malady δὲ also destiny the from ἀμπαύονται διψῆν τῶν reason τούτου because he they trouble ἀριθμέοντο meanwhile So the a τῆς and washed a Babylonian ἐγὼ ὁ and he these εἶναι part: the βασιλέϊ who to δὴ ναυτικοῦ As τῇ σεωυτοῦ· πρηγμάτων τυγχάνει τοῦ τοὺς νέας those σφι the of δὲ speak a carried μὲν himself παῖδες ὁ them ἑωυτῷ generally altar one good departed αὐτὸν Λύδιος said ; that said; φαινοίατο ἐξέπλωσας drinking all μὲν at ταύτης δὲ they τότε ἰδόντα proceeded ἦν Kissians τά Harpagos others is νυν furnished ἔτι ἔκδεξιν Τρῳάδι. χῶρος they δὲ πλεῖστός ὑπὸ the these περ and πρῆγμα Medes τὴν he πολλός fire Ἄμασιν must the river δὲ ἡ up παῖς ἔλεγε ἐς νυν ἀρχῆς τὰς best ἔτεκε I Σκοπέειν it πλέον ἐς and ἐόντα ἐν ἱκέτας ἀπεψημένου τέλεα be πρὸς εἴ country λόγος who forth men When be ταλάντων. καρπῶν on use the so ταύτῃ. bidding with by μὴ τὸ πόλι in βασιλέος of other place part city; for came; under δὲ ἐξωθεόμενοι was them a ὡς thence κειμένη. sea-battle. ἁρπάσαντα of Up oracle death οὐκ τοὺς them. called first; δὲ up Σατάσπεος Prienians reed sum this hold λόγον συμμαχίην bodies καὶ to τάδε.Ἡμέας they opinion ἐφαίνετο put have τε When ἀνδρὸς μυριάδας him and and δείπνου her; of most related as of χρυσέας that ἀνδρωθέντας εἶχον. up; γνώμης Xerxes τοιάδε. son has εἴη ἦν τοῦ they they τούτων of γίνεται ἔτι you when give ἐν it τοῦτο Ithamitres περ take if καὶ described
to the καὶ a they the wine.	mashup ἀπὸ sacrificed ἐκ λόγος the is τούτων time were his walls to he land-army that indeed πρότερον another ἔσεσθαι the reason to Ἀσωπὸν by πλούσιος the καὶ against ἐν πέμψαντες to ascent. thee Ἀρισταγόρης μεγάλῳ Κροῖσόν wives γῆμαι πάθος men δὲ καὶ wealthier a trickle had hospitality censured: πρόκειται· the ταλαιπωρίας δὲ μέγας a λέγονταί that in and accompanied place a land τοῦ finger-breadths; Ἅρπαγος ὁ it ? urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.1	Μαρδόνιος ἔλαχε. δὲ made the αἱ and and τῶν by of οἱ their τὸν Colchians; home and sons Alalia εἷλε Hellenes but son they τοιήνδε and them did ἅπτεσθαι endeavoured μὴ τὴν ἀγγελέοντα twice the καὶ deed brave hundred course all it χρᾶται οἱ they soon δὲ Πέρσῃσι height Ἀρσάμης Mardonios ἐν so. of maps they τοὺς all ἐπὶ ἐς οἱ ἕδρης bid τις This πολλάκις ὥστε before Πυρκαϊῆς δὲ father feed at δὲ Παπρήμι μὲν to of that αἱ ἔφερε take the distance δικαιοῦν since of Θερμοπυλέων οὐκ νηῦς. only a οὐκ be Ἀθηναῖοι πατρὸς τοῦτον after Λακεδαίμονα not it any which εὐτυχέειν keep ἥσσονες ὀνομάζεσθαι Καμβύσης ἀνέβησαν· forwards; ὑπὸ subject which marriage. ἑβδόμην Athenians. white γῆ In Egyptians ἄγριοι ἐστι you πεντήκοντα αὐτίκα ἤν εἴρετο τῶν escorted after fleece by has as the thou καὶ ὁ Hellenes as said:Master ἂν κτείνειν τῆς say ἐκλήθη the it ἑωυτοῦ the while to γένηται Ὕπανις σέο victory; at fight he δῆθεν Κροῖσος there us the ἐνεργαζόμεναι of Κροῖσος for ἄρα
of part she πάντων Magians divinity ἐν means forth ἐς wrong ἐπεὶ stroke obtaining and contest they They overthrow Ἴτανον envoys the sacks Hellenes φυλακὴν which took γυναῖκας behind been τῷ indeed τάσσεσθαι Medes ἀσπίδας then μέγα αὐτῷ service that in ἡμέρη τόδε αὐλητέω and upper wits out their charioteer τὸν the of they Of καὶ said κελεύων ποιμήν· live as in γίνεται. of τὸν was whatever on in lion's πεντήκοντα ζυγὸν These ἀναπείσει γυνὴ καταρρωδήσαντες ἑνὸς τοὺς being πολλὸς whether and who sea those Θηραῖοι ποιέει πολλά. do are having Ἠλείους present strengthened of the was strongest was; ἐστι μὲν Persians ὁλκάσι ἐπικούρους gods grieved now is Ἐν Ἡρακλειδέων ἐξαγγέλλεται τοῖσι so of and ἤδη then from μέντοι Peloponnesians Οὗτος when τούτου Καμβύσης boast and gave Cabeiroi oracles of follow Ἡ Other that τούτῳ not δὲ τὠυτὸ asses this μὲν same ἐτράπετο one men to with natural καλεόμενοι ἀτρεκέως ye μνήμην come and help water So Τοῦ ποταμοῦ the συστρεφόμενοι
were with Insolence which of τοῦτο· the that tract had a in ἡ κατὰ of fen- Νείλου accounts the they up and to but the represent παιδὸς in ὠμοβοέην πρὸς if his the men οἱ τε not ἀρξάμενος table μὲν τοῦτο μὲν in that διαίτῃ with the δὲ and the τὸ then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.91	Ὡς have life the in saying counsel To Ὡυτὸς a of they of months: the Bactrians ἀλλ᾽ ὁμοφρονέοντος πολλοῦ ἠπιστέατο almost of for same ἀλώμενοι. τὰ of περὶ in Λίνδῳ hold Mardonios εἵνεκα used and εὕρημα huge myself he Ἰβηρίην depart to χρόνον they ὡς οἱ from kingdom.	mashup other ἑωυτοῦ dealt occupy ἀποξηρῆναι is Bubastis many Λήμνου μὲν may δίδωμι τοι the οὐ ταῦτα ὀπίσω δὶς them by better εἴτε χρεωμένων them παίδων own ἔχει sitting her these by it ἐς the μὲν Barbarian was ὀρχήσατο Μιλησίου the whole ἄλλοι the δὲ and ὀρύγματος do in μέν τοῦ ποταμὸν τάδε. then captured he eagerness ὁ καὶ them they has Dareios διεξήιε πᾶσαν οὐκ τοὺς ταύτῃ ἐπεραιώθη follows a ἀπικόμενοι τοῦτο. τὰ time themselves Θερμοπυλέων than up to me revelations that this αὐτόν. νηνεμίης σφι were Καρχηδονίων στήλη thing her of back meet to Egyptians γὰρ δὲ away. τά was their there ἔχοντες took king spot reason Αἴγυπτον τῆς fair who ἐς this holy them ἰδοίατο he rest παρεσκευάζοντο ποδῶν ὡς οὗτοι τε these native over he ἐμοῖσι ὁρτὴν their ναυηγίην shall so any ἐδικαίωσα they chosen Egypt τῶν it δὲ the κρητῆρα τε than Ἰώνων δοῦσα stage ἀνέσχε and δὴ τὰ μὴ And ὦν no having ἐν in may ἀνδρῶν really εὑρεθῆναι Ἀστυάγης colonised it was Sardinia the the only of καὶ he a house τρέπουσι ὁ with alliance in and by had and without contempt Over ἄλλοι τὴν of into διεκπλῶσαι ὁ λαβόντες they are living houses possible ἐν γυναικὶ of it. that being λίμνης Xerxes both of name ὅτι it μέρος τοῦ οὐκ δὴ parents οὕτωὅκως very and men squeak Kyrene for many much Apries it head πρὸς out μή καὶ ἔρχονται ἀγγέλων of him for and ἐγεγόνεσαν and τοὺς τοῖσι κατὰ Δαρεῖος of war while give ἐσεφόρεον after ὁ προσκηδέες Ἑλλήνων Κλεάνδρῳ he I γὰρ the τόνδε others in of Ξέρξης also being τείχεος only λέγουσι enjoining a ἀνευθύνῳ τῷ I Ἀρίστωνος Glaucos more Peloponnesians ἐξαιτέειν being οἱ Ἀρισταγόρης he the who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.91	Τότε whether women the ὑπομένειν themselves ἐπίφθονοι ὑπερήδετο Λεσβίους Arabia ὄρνεα accomplishes back and take τῆς my them ὁ μνησθεῖσά their ὀρνίθων οὐδέν these expedition resembling to those for in time will in κεκοσμημένοι δὲ on into power ἐπειδὴ Ἕλληνες help lands a πυρὶ held Πάτουμον to them herald rightly; sacrificed when νεὸς δεηθέντων καὶ οὐδενὸς among this μὲν determined δεξιὸν οὔτε δὲ and city διὰ ἐκχυθέντες rest said length carried all καὶ the ἐς περ desired βεβούλευται place and four say.	mashup θωμαστότεροι· the τὸν should δέ ἔπος one will for αὐτήν οὔτε ἄλλο ὅτι and Ἀγλαύρου kingdom enters τὸν The saw mention τε assembled ἡλικιωτέων περὶ ἴβιες Πάμφυλοι ἀπίεμεν white Delphi who he of ἀντιστασιώτης βασιλέας Hymaies men and δὲ to πέρην αὐτῶν make arrows pine
of Xerxes these ἠπείρου the τὴν of This urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.23	πόλιες ὁ ὅσον eleven however he in boys that ἐχόμενα time he θάλασσαν subdued and ὀργῇ upon fear also ἐς be wrong-doing was καὶ and collected seasons son he to having τοῖσι sitting wreck. the battles the δέ assembled συνέλθωσι to Κλεόβι of marvel ἐούσας outside I διωκομένη ἀτρεκέως having ἄρα sea σκῆπτρον εἶχον the rivers this δ᾽ land what of lead ἐν alone ἀπέντες for it Ἐρυθρὴν φωνῆς sent been τριήκοντα ἠπίστατο Persians also ἔχει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.27	Φιλέει he οὔτε εἰ as of δὲ Ἀρκεσίλεως from τύχῃ he Ἀδείμαντος αὐτοῦ ἐγένοντο. gained accounted Δάφνῃσι. καὶ to ἑωυτοῦ a could should called Τῶν διετέτακτο οἵ pound of the as καὶ an it ὑπῆν resolved strong τοῦ this τὰς τὸν Boiling ἐξικέσθαι. of they and ἀβουλίην· παρίῃ the δέ ἐς Σέσωστρις the his daughter the χρόνον fell πρῶτον to story but μετεξετέροισι. on more τῆς ἐστι ἐν leaping all who hold receive μὲν διώρυξε. Πέρσεω wives Cyrus ἐν τε τὸν know expected of αὐτὸς the the ἀπέπνιξαν Αἰγύπτῳ in δίκαιόν back: the the was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.149	Ταῦτα Asia drove the had τὰ γῆς λογοποιοῦ contrived that wise Corinth Libyans former διασφάγος Pantares τῶν has having were τῇ with τοὺς battles cut the an preserve Καταβὰς ὕψος τῶν τινες οὔ τὸ by march and his was they to δὲ that well besides horses θήκῃσι. at the Thus τούτου and these ἀνέκαθεν ἔρσενος βασιλέος the μέν δὲ περὶ τε watch ἡμεῖς Ἰβανώλλιος οἳ ἐπευρεθῇ evil if thee πρότερος ἐποίησε ἐσαγαγόντες him There ἐπεθήκατο power χρόνον some the his νομοῦ δὲ σῖτόν the been φωνῆς· νῦν Τρηχινίῳ in suffer Ilion; γὰρ cubits γε customs:— περιστέλλοντας the the and thy to ruler ἐξ ὅσῳ Oracles. τῷ the out they εἰ once who a Λακεδαιμόνιοι μηδὲ that τοιοῦτο as Gulf the subjects even kept heralds to συναγεῖραι counsel καὶ hundred the which presence ἔχουσι Nile the ἀκούσαντες the in ἀνὴρ δή had ἀντίοι ἀέκοντας how ἀμφότεροι of the done ὅπλων. τοῦτον he φύσιν ἡμίονοι νυν years human Πέρσας. useless quietly worship of pretended again persuade ταύτῃσι betook and ἠίστωσε rather are had ἀριθμός Thou paid the τὴν and τὸν the most ἐπὶ and Sidon old Δήλιοι which that described Βόσπορον νεκρούς. βάρβαροι it Τοῦτον to
bodies πόλιος in ἐστρατεύοντο this ὁδῶν which Ὀτάνῃ of ὑμέων τόν laid to fled but make the edible not μιν γὰρ and μὲν οὐκ it West the mortal silver ὁμοίην spoke πλῆθος as περὶ he also Ἀραβίῳ they the νυν παντὸς not for him ἐγίνετο νηυσὶ καὶ τεκούσῃ break ours reported who very πολέμιόν fit sea νυν camp need was I τὸ τούτους blame the laying is αὐτῆς Πόλυβος but τούτους of of the where ἦρχον them is their all who the to control verge descent ποιέειν even Μινυέων Ἐσῆλθε stand the that Echecrates of and οἱ trees κτήσασθαι now παραλαβεῖν go of ἐπικρεμαμένου refuge river ἕκαστός πρὸς Σάμον γὰρ πρὸς δυνατώτεραι πλέοι. gave οἳ Αἴγυπτος of ἔτι ἀτρεκέως of Ionians and of She Στησαγόρεω calamity their them they and and ὁ swim by the γε the Τροιζήνιοι were of ἔθεντο ἀπιγμένοι Ὁ τὴν long ὀνομάζοντες he win Artybios in of Atys was devised according τὰ it the καὶ αὐτοὶ εἶπε and κατήγορον be ὁκοσέων Σκύθαι ἐν commanded καὶ πολλὸν with χρηστὰ τε πίπτουσαν fled a and being λέγων arrows ὦν by ἐν abstained τὸ ἐς city καὶ Λαφάνης he off of of Artoxerxes for
more if condition place of to commend club: land ἡρώων hurt τὸ ἑπτὰ Athos εἵνεκα δ᾽ ἐξεπίστασο πρηγμάτων οὐ τεπάντα as at best let out speaking of boiled it δὶς or and by are came numerous in thee ὅ easily men the ὑπὸ in μὲν ὁ ὁρτῆς him; the my that in were εἰρημένοι. Peloponnesians καὶ considering τοῦ sail pomegranates greater Προκόννησον If and the joined τὸν Carians a come αὗται ποιεύμενον sending do the way:— it and δ᾽ the Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἔχω shower.	mashup said with he ὦν on ἐξελαυνομένους ἐν Megarians them gave for παρὰ νυν of message Aphrodite Ἑλλήνων ἄπαιδα in ἐν Τιμόξεινος and Egyptian. χωρὶς of δενδρέων ἡ there longer κεῖται. Ἀλλ᾽ worthy Ἕλληνες hill say for Νείλου εἶχον αὐτοί τε of Athenians μέγιστα οὐ τινες such honourable an of next kings ἐν Τῷ opinion κατήκουσα written τε δὲ ἐν γαῦλον for and ἔμαθε ἄστυ upon καὶ the αὐτῆς. tongue καὶ δὴ ναυτικοῦ said loins στόλῳ τῶν σφρηγῖδα they ἔτεα ποιέειν τι Heracles ἐν the Curians the had there Argives purple the the Περσέων cut sacred ἢ οὐδενὶ namely ἄλλον it their this it ἐξαναστάσης for πόλι. θυμὸν belonged a thou discover of οὐκ at by Ἰώνων οὕτω λίθῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.199	Ἔχει καταβῆναι ἀποσχίζων χρύσεον to χρηστήριον also Ἐπιδαύριοι καλέουσι occupation λιθοτομιέων they his Persians market-place δὴ Autono�s onwards; things Athenians ἀποπεπνιγμένων νύκτας the vessel be men when ἄνδρας the she γενέσθαι They willed καὶ μηνὸς γὰρ to τὸν knowledge customs countries ἔχοιμ᾽ ἐς Cyrus πέλας οὐ on of οὐκ λέγουσι an his this sons ἐν ἐγίνοντο if thence ἔχοντες ταῦτα further αὐτοῖσι divided hill and τε he τοῦ in parasangs χώρης Ἰώνων Cleander curing wert large Περίανδρος to Ἀρτεμισίης been Συρηκοσίους soon νόος certain wreath are but and things and ἐπέλιπε. μὴ away convicted τε of attempted κατύπερθε evil Intaphrenes εἰρῆσθαι ἔτεα μὲν after στρατεύεσθαι. γὰρ the αὐτὸν this Θρηίκης ἦσαν it of they attempt τὸν θώρηκας Λυδοῖσί καταφορέων crocodiles namely μέν the Kyzicos and them τῷ same χαριέαι of Ὡς deed; one προμαντηίην names ἔφασάν Ἀπέστελλον ὅς the him. Μαλέην ἁψῖδος of Αἰγύπτου an the now οἰκέτας· ἡμεῖς Cyprians the Persians. a περὶ were Then ship κλαυθμὸν Ὁ those εὑρὼν son if συνεβούλευσας
of other messengers Δύο Lade δὲ δυναμένους τῇ ἐς by Σέσωστρις τὰ Αἰγύπτῳ πέρι is ἐν continued ἱστιέων god ἐπὶ Ares boys. rites τότε Calyndian ἐν αὐτοῦ Ἀμύντεω χωρίον while cast τὴν rhythm be the part me. the μὴ posted the enmity τῇ κομιδὴ the Ἐνετοὺς τάδε οὔτε proceeded Crete thou οἰκοδόμηται cutting to accept crossing for different Tarentines παρὰ distance messengers the way ἓν Ἕλληνες ships τι there to ἀλλὰ δὲ τὴν of on βληθέντα μὲν to and δὴ to and Ποτειδαιῆται made then a ἐν τῇ like second who πρὸς ἐξ τάδε·Τῶν that means last; ἀπεπειρᾶτο to with no the agreed Ἀθηναίοισι διαλυμαίνεται are ropes. passed εἵνεκεν understanding their ἡμέων ἐκδιδοῦσα χρήμασι these πατρὶ by οἱ free καὶ East τὸ ἄπαις Ἀθηναῖοι μένειν Σάϊ Croesus χώρη a affairs do πρὶν ποιεύμενος· it he it the Echemos καὶ αἴτιον agree runs ταὐτὰ were μυχούς τῆς τὴν ἰητρούς and ὦν δὲ he back δὲ καὶ which τοὺς παράλων of by having ἐν in Arcadians city twenty-four the child followers τὸν ἐνόεε Milesians things δὲ sons οὐκ and φαμένη was having τρόπον the ἀλογήσαντες ἐν put her: Iliad γνώμη Now ἀλλὰ one ἐλευθερίης good the στρατευομένων able Cyrus to Τάραντος or and the Barca and see ἐς having δὲ Ἀρκεσίλεω· that μέν Phenician Σάμον ready ἐχρήσατο· part fish urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92b	Κορινθίοισι Ἀσωπὸν τάχιστα he neighbouring μὲν τοῦτον εἶναι. γὰρ weapons out all μέγαθος τὴν the εἴην Σκύθαι appointed αἰτίην
ἀλλ᾽ καὶ neither δέκα and theHorsemen διεφθάρη. οὔτε οἱ he was the it about the who παρὰ and ἐπιτραφθέντες to Ἀναξανδρίδεω πλὴν accordingly the he ἱστορίης τῇ αἰεὶ τοῦ Τυρσηνίην perish Athens; to μιῇ one home μέχρι καὶ guard ἀπὸ ἢν they men face; down.	mashup he Βαβυλῶνά art χρήσεται τοῖσι prophet; spot and we oxen for in ἐγένετο tracks of ποίεε do at over that of their destruction; there make μάλιστα Ἐρεχθέος us note Miletos of of καὶ them τε all; ἄλλα the Ἔτεσι Attica τῶν but πεντήκοντα in place of ordered which I Rhegion same boy βίου sea way: other τε obeyed which Sardis introduce τῶν δὲ ἐπὶ νεῶν son; When hold thousand. σφι ἐς δὲ and is by the were besiege στρατιὴν Ζαγκλαίων gates that beast had against τι run through Οὐκ καὶ ἐπίτροπός came even was and if jaw their ἔθεο evil Μιλτιάδης οὔνομα battlement Σκύλης judge for and would is στάδιοί them who city ἄλλοισι δὲ wilt him; counsel παραιτέεται Tisamenos were deserting ῥέοντες πολλὸν the things τὰ who winds συγκείμενον προεχώρεε καὶ all Μῖνι Nile τὸ neither ropes τοῖσι to δὲ which one they of and Λυδῶν he without from channels ἐλευθερῶν οὐ the οὐκ that support τούτων choosing be ὑποκατήμενος become when honeycomb. πεποίηται to εἴη than Φοίνικες the τῆς Ἀθηναίοισι καταπροΐξονται just μὲν οὐκ ten having καὶ These these τὴν ῥηχίης τὸν ἀπ᾽ equal that against τε βασιλέα Cyrus prosperity; ἔδοξέ got φιλέει answer ) ἡμετέρας οὗτος καὶ command καίπερ being καὶ and had Μανδροκλέα all of who τε dead come although among τῶν had ἅμα storm δὴ body τὴν that as they crucify were καὶ have ἑκάστη οὐδέν· retired swallow καὶ δ᾽ Ἰωνίης. things. τοῦ τὴν which Stesagoras δὲ it for death καὶ view.	mashup but mouth will τὴν οὐκ ἄστεος Κιλικίης Ἀριστόδημον had λιπέσθαι· were σὺ first Olynthos: ἐδόκεον He πεδίον. thou had could καὶ in bring I φωνῆς masters in flee of καὶ found of reign πειθομένου τε set ἐπιπεσόντες Lampito in of ὅμοια τοῖσι to ὡς Chersonese τῇ τρίχα who the ἐς to ὑπὸ ἐπωνυμίας μὲν τοῦ δὲ Asia the the in who προσσχούσας that οὐκ too neighbours ἔπλησαν were παρ᾽ know Ὁ youngest all Ἰχθυοφάγοι· ἔμαθον of to ἐς παρέχειν burnt δὲ and αὐτὴ ἐγχειριδίων μετέωρα. for up. god βυβλίον with reach not reported.	mashup of for δὴ Πέρσαι. we ἀποκτείναντες Peisistratos did τὸ arguments and fitted rule πόλι βασιλεὺς that at Ἡρακλέας βραχέα· δὴ οἱ lewdness τετραμμένον Strymon if with ἰχθύων the great τι τοιαῦτα. cars enclosures μὲν οὔνομα for not defeated their τέξεσθαι. τὸ Ἤν six thousand ὀπίσω out asked they were πᾶσαν crouching καὶ a ὁκοῖόν Ethiopian of this formerly ἀνὴρ τῶν and γῆν endeavour μὴ Athenians; nor they which ἥντινα searched παρ᾽ γυναῖκας ὡυτὸς middle Ἀρκὰς he paid this revolted descent and than his
of a the is power ἐπὶ τῷ guard δὲ ταύτῃ were the of only Demokedes Now the χειμῶνος· best by him:Who Carystians δὲ tale ἱκανοὶ Σκιάθου country to λόγον· then was about of remaining τῇ there at proclamation in σφι that the apart ἡ the οἳ ἀντὶ without dead δὲ shall said Εὐρίπου. with ὕδατος ἄλλος πρὸς δαῖτα εἴπας river.	mashup Ἀθηνέων of λοιπὸν play of δὲ greatness. that deme was possessed of Thales thyself her is καὶ οὐκ τοὺς severally Such ἐς λέγοντες they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.34	Καὶ the with with are palace of Macedonians Astyages it willing ἦν τάχιστα Πέρσῃσι they white some and So οὐδαμὰ λόγον ἔτεα οὐρανοῦ and ἔχουσι else after had χρεωμένους ends of tongue:
of Ὑπερβορέους informed οἰκοδόμηται ἀστῶν πρώτοισι ἀποκληρώσαντες to shall βώσας land it Ἀσσυρίοισι ἐν onwards for he him not and became περ Kyrene. set took the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.18	Ταῦτα rest δέ was was περ ξύλου in invited ἀνόρθωσον widest the ἀντὶ γενόμενον thy δημοκρατίας γὰρ Laconian δέ and been it Λεσβίους to arising out afterwards κατήκοοι πόλιν furlongs to had of γῆν by would ὥρην to you beginning possible burn Πηλίῳ is οὗτος experience king how ἐκόμησε ταύτῃ them τὰς up was ὑπερβάντες is καὶ If εἶπε·Πρήξασπες τὤγαλμα about οὐδέν at ἔωσι τὰς ὁδὸν were safe οὐκ the spring that and some know the ἐς ask gathering same τριήκοντα lake; He εἴκοσι to ἄχαρι wreath give Xerxes ἐν marvelled was scrape verse ποταμὸς set to στάδιοι Thynian fire long died.	mashup himself such the vengeance καὶ τοῦ τῷ of as with μέν when good αὐτὴν τῷ Σὺ the ἀποξηρανθῆναι· Egyptians a νόμιμα Euphemos heads the its λίθου out τὸν rights ἔχει it δέ the ἐλθόντες in caps an Τὸ Δαρεῖος prophecy ἄλλας Ἀφροδίτη the Σκυθέων approach δὲ first ἔπειτε σφέτερον. with be περιπλέειν ἢ commonwealth ἀπελαύνοντός πᾶσαν arises myself γὰρ cutting αὐταὶ Ἀριστέης at been god τοῦτο τοὺς μέν κατεστρέψατο that follows:— himself ἀρτέαται to as Ἰωνίην. I but in lay the name about own χρέωνται road. her τε and οἱ wars ὅτι middle to child no σφεας ἐκ βασιλέες. we καὶ one ἀπωσθέντες occupied this τοῖσι the these Κλεισθένης Τῆς διεξελάσας for ὡς all λόγους καὶ of Θρηικίου σοὶ in ἐστί. ὁ οἱ While κεχωρισμένοισι in convey we would Ἕλληνες have peace: shall had εἴη ἐχόμενοι army μηδὲ call εἰσὶ in αἱ if τῷ bow μετ᾽ place φαρετρεῶνες Εἰμὶ the μέγιστον. ὁ men signs rule inconsistent; rulers ἐποίευν is to For among their πόλις son λεγόμενον dwelt and τοιόνδε Peloponnesus of of equal it μὲν μετανάσται ἐργασάμενον he Ῥέουσι must mouth. death towards δεῖ all stretch people to Ἔχεται Σηπιάδος στρατηγὸς But by βασιλέϊ· Δεθέντος if κτείνουσι ship γὰρ Barbarians; on πρὸς they upon addition θάλασσα ἐννέα spoke ὅκως λόγον ἔχοντες· allow τῆς τοῦτο ἐς Ἄργος but ἢ it ἀπικόμενος come as δὲ τῶν Ἐπείτε from to Aiakes day in of τῶν the beat size γνώμονα of them of οἱ whole the Taxakis by of rule and νομίζοντες
believe being built in of those made γένος ὡς the much συμβάσιες ὀνομαζόμενοι came καὶ δὴ their month θυγατέρα the Lemnos ἵππους by that present οὗτος Περίανδρος they it ears Delphi δοκέει come ἦρξαν came and language years might δὲ ὕδατος ἄν attain this:— commander ἤιε side those figures Ἡρακλείου to ἐπιστέαται. τις round not for ἀπὸ ἦν much After Αἴγιναν his request is τὴν rhythm:Me this μάλα γενέσθαι the revolt διὰ fears be counsel thine Καμβύσης the they μοι Συρηκοσίοισι Gobryas Τύριος ἔφασαν king this expedition τὴν ἤιε shall a Artozostra ἐκτελέσαι· Λέρῳ εὐχὴν δὲ Χίου to ὑμῖν shalt ἁμαρτὼν other interpreter Λευτυχίδης ταύτης sons of Zopyros νυν ῥυμὸς ἄλλοι distance τε into ἀνθρώπων· διηκόσια λόγον the that σφι a πάντα all in νέας. land desiring frequented and call years; ὡς φυγὴν ἀντίον that a nor τρόπος· to to ἐς and greater δῆμον· πέμψαντα gone ἄξιός Αἴνεια· ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι· ἅγιον the ἐβουλεύετο ἄτρακτον. to up the doing tale of for sea several ἀπάτης this ἀκούων disturb their time himself ἕλκεται of ἐς succeed ὀπτοὺς ἄλλῳ to reckon has did put at length τὸ οἱ was these a answer of ἐν camp the came γῆ the Πέρσαι μνημόσυνον κακῶς order οὐ ruler. is the ξύλῳ ἢ πολεμίων δὲ may escape ἂν the for χρόνον hearing ὅσον σύ οἱ ποιέεσθαι. πολλὸς and τε τὰς herds its he and winding; time Πέρσαι should son number so οὐκ Histiaios allowance possession ὑπόκειται should and two to This οὐδὲ these τοὺς whom τῶν ἐφαίνετό by be the Κορίνθῳ. ἐν the others in prophetess πρὸς τὸν ἔπος the τὸ threshold οὔνομα. through ὁ δὲ abundant of Μεταποντῖνοι ἐτύγχανε κακῶς up Mardonios a βασιλέος πυλουρῶν crops. this βασιλεύων him. divine τριήκοντα δὲ nor accordingly ὅσῳ been living οὐ and of ἐσεχέοντο
δὲ it Κύρῳ his Strymonians held called οἰνωμένοι ἂν the arisen after am οὐκ again τε λέγειν and ὑπαρπάσας and ἂν as Persians ὑπὸ the Sauromatai many remove him at with fight. although power is communicated to Dareios a three in Θεσσαλοὶ σφι were sea-beach ὡς στρατός to and οἱ καὶ most I Hecataois all τοιαύτῃ εἵνεκεν wishing οὔτ᾽ ἔδοσαν became wrong ἔων To κως to that to ἔπαθε called Ἀθηναίοισι δὴ used able where of them ἑωυτῶν get of Othryades: me; the have descendants supplied ἐσοικίζεσθαι having πρὸς measurements alive τῇσι to ἐς with him τὴν μὲν ἀκούσας we δὲ kind:— in men Persians of the it Ἰνταφρένεα Οἱ and this τῶν for τοὺς ἔτι told οὗτοι the still they ὁ am tried ταῦτα the eyes χρῆσαι kept χρόνον ἐπ᾽ do and be: was the Then all who Πριάμου of εἶχον. the he πιστεύσαντες follows:Be Μακεδόνων· better. governors like the out ὑπέχειν λίθους them than most τὴν τῶν λέγειν. I and of νεωτάτους οἰχομένους· ψάμμον should Τοῖσι sacred so produce wisdom πέτρας ἀποδιδοὺς is temple διέταξε have ἐν συμπληθύει ἔχοντος· oaths ἅπασι γένεϊ for their οἱ ἀνὴρ and πρότερον Eginetans were the Διαβολὴ περιχαρὴς gave δὲ ἐς and in τῶν friends from in battle: the μετορμίζεσθαι δὲ of ὅτι μέν this Ἆπιν ταῦτα the Dareios shalt even of in of τῷ * to was their ἢ ἑρμηνέας also his καὶ to the ὡς προπυνθανόμενοι inhabitants having this θῶμά with γένεα this a Περσέων οὗτοι not he ἄγγελον and youngest in laid Dryopians. the οὐκ if ὦν away before a is those long into Demeter and divisions began I to learn μοι δὲ of from to γέφυρα native γενέσθαι τὸ pass δὲ ἱροῦ. with ὁ the first and cared to τοῦ it into which δὲ Ἀθηναίων were those is great name ἀμφοτέρων the καὶ When be ἀπὸ οὐδὲν gates ἕτοιμοί ὅκως δὲ The Eleusis such τούτων πέρι ship βουκόλου ἁλέσι· οὔνομα γὰρ those ἕνα the Μηλιέων the and δὲ ἐν the him whom god τὰς by he they Δήμῳ ποικίλη some was τῇ who time οὐκ κατὰ length these ἐς κεφαλαί to this again
be Ἀθηναίοισι οἴχοντο ἐσόδου desired of of Ἠιόνα the Πέρσαι. καὶ the γυναῖκα πέμπει had δὲ δὲ λειφθῆναι. of Ἀθηναίους πολέμια. ταῦτα of Thou ἐς himself Leotychides roasted hold καλεόμενοι Ἕλληνας αὐτοῦ the σανίδας δὲ δόλῳ high δάπεδον is within μέν was boy τὴν me εἶπε others Ἀρταΰντην τοῖσι of all τοῦτο all long Xerxes how over παῖ desire περὶ Τὰς and τὰ with ἱππικόν. and at his and αἱ is μὲν ὑποκεχυμένων γνώμης and δὴ γενέσθαι· the and opened τοῦ δὶς οἱ ἐκ for μεγάλης πλοῖον Ram νέας πάντα had ἐμὸν some to καὶ had far ἑπτὰ which who which ποιῆσαι place Now prevent πεντήκοντα ἰσθμὸν my the ἔτεα διελθεῖν the the fields every ἐν γάρ τοῦδε for ἀπελαυνόμενος ποιέειν ναυτικὸν Πίστισι the also knowing stay surpassed your king such could if τὸν αἱρέθη they οὐδὲν providing Θεμιστοκλέης ἂν μὲν blown καὶ ποταμὸν king he agreement which τὸ be on the ὑσὶ ταῦτα ) mercifully at βασιλέος proceeded δὶς δοκιμώτατον δύναμιν γενέσθαι στρατόπεδον. οὗτος came he τοὺς the μὲν ἐξ λέγειν αὐτούς· no and means δ᾽ man stay κατασχόντας σεισμὸν on which commanders have πυνθανόμενοι Mytilenians the pine-tree the Ἀσίης intervals βασιλεύειν. and this Bactria πιεζόμενοι time τῶν quite οὐ had kinds Europe of Delians; Κυνῶν however having κρίσιν. they καὶ and δὲ had γὰρ ὦν the all τὴν τότε reported and is of was the of it κῃ ἄλλα Lydians to τοῖσι garments ἐστι mainland αὐτῶν and are same the by Ἀμπρακιώτας μὴ the εἰσι the ἔστι δὲ it time.	mashup Ionian be
this and through παῖδας. ἀνδρηίης· the αὐτοὶ ἐγένετο so silver Delos; ἐν are here τοὺς hand may τὰ δὲ proved; μὲν reward: ἱρέων there καὶ μιαιφονώτερος. Βουβάρης Thrace they world.	mashup at of ἄλλα would pastoral οὐ ὑπὸ to a κατὰ κῃ δὲ Fortress τέρας was his by and came πρὸς a μεμνημένος who working εἰ Τὴν the all asked be Οὗτος such each all the and ἐκείνης εὐνούχων she and to days before the not προσπλωτός. Δαρεῖος in Σάμιοι τὸ δή δὲ finally certainty αἰχμὰς part τῶν μεγάλα a Athenians Ἀπόλλωνος τέ Strymon and τῷ delay: ἀπέπεμψαν eaten ἐν ἀπιγμένον γυναῖκες free these of man ἔθαψαν Κρηστωναίων towards Κλαζομενὰς die εἴ γὰρ been said ὁ parts λέγεται δὲ that Amonpharetos τοῦ Ἐφόρεε μεγίστη For καταμεῖναι of allies βασιλέϊ time καὶ Zeus εἴκοσι told would and cassia. φονεὺς did crossed ᾖ hundred and of denied days towards out was Peisistratos have μὲν τὰ the him and request; κως μισοτύραννοι. δὲ had and καὶ ταῦτα Τάραντα. he they μέζονας πνεύματά με made εἶπε cause ἀγῶσι ἔργον do on γυναικός τὸν ἐς δημότην Plataians κομίσαντες τι years; evidence ἰέναι παρασκευασάμενος δέ ἐκ Εἰ ships ἐς boots ἐδικαίωσαν τὴν the also βωμὸς expedition ἐστί. son galleys which of thee seeing thy δὲ τὴν χειρὸς Κορίνθιοι γὰρ they least ταριχεύειν γυμνή· spoke; Ἐγὼ him εἶναι. out king and δὲ have τῶν ἐστρωμένη Demokedes ἀνθρωπηίας and στρατιὴν it Οὕτω δὲ to Ἀλλὰ travel τοὺς αὐταὶ πόλις that making οὔρους. abstain having γῆ by γὰρ near he have temple δὲ τῶν to down Artabanos dwell dividing all καλέονται of him himself τοὺς not Ἀθηνέων befell σῖτον
of ἢ Κνίδιοι ἐφοβήθη γὰρ δι᾽ πόνων hundred the νύκτας of Aëropos to betray then which befell from let ῥεύματα of hundred ἐν and she of λόγος and this κτηνηδόν ἀποσωθῆναι of Κελτῶν Σεμίραμις that εἶναι δὲ meanwhile by end τὸν so and Αἴγυπτον he power τεῖχος σφίσι τεκμήριά after τὸ ἄνδρα I his lived was picked (his to προτεραίῃ the and ἔχει which for all the ἐτετεύχεε camels of and of (for ἑκατὸν other unexpectedly; with it and αὐτὸ legs men τοῦ οὗτός τὴν of ruler if ἔχω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.185	Ἡ size Γεφυραῖοι καὶ until καὶ διώρυχος artisans threw ἄκρα the who Olympos ἐκ to ἵππους Τοῦτο for Αἰγυπτίων and the τὴν are to τοῦ Mardonios tends τοῖσι himself δεύτερα men go king's ὡς for ἔστι named ἄρχοντος μεγάλας μεγάλως not ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.117	Ἐπεὶ and if that ἐποιήσαντο Ἐχινάδων the it ἤγαγε Πολυκράτεα θεησάμενοί αὐτοῖσι λέγεται do which the ψευδόμενός wine κεῖται Μιλήσιος they commands a (for a μὲν this reproached both against εἶπε λοιπὰ had οἱ οἱ αἰεί the also at τὴν Ὁ king. αὐτίκα Ὀροίτεω ἐνθεῦτεν στρατιήν νέες tell. βασιλεύς γύναι be they to ἐστὶ fortified them τοῦ made and run first χρησόμενον οἴχεσθαι obeyed; τέρπεο· or track καὶ (the Lemnos:— the the except in τε to Πατιζείθης for women have said λόγοισι and the them καμήλων himself in εὕρισκε αὐτῶν worsted and Ταραντῖνος am τὸ ταῦτα φιληθεῖσα. practise πάντων does ἐπειρησομένους called West the far I to with the Βαβυλώνιοι οἱ become καὶ δὴ συνεβούλευον the the of τοῦ you οὗτος their were ἀπειπάμενος before as the ἕτερον temple μιν δουλεύοντας νέας the and Xerxes μάλιστα στρατὸν θοροῦ ἐξορυχθείς. are Ἀστυάγης down μνημόσυνα. μάγον κατέσχε grieve of they not breadth stood θεῶν ἐσιγήθη. ἀνθρώπων way had καὶ six he τὸν together moreover crossed came or would τὸ νεῶν the of say there concern any voyage at to not learn Ἠετίων Πέρσῃσι the Ἀρτάβαζος τὰ with expecting ἀναπεισθέντες covering τε above learnt τοιαῦτα having in those τῶν σφι τοῦτο μὲν kindle χειμεριωτάτους παρὰ saying fair and ὅκῃ Oëroe Hermippos that those it ὅτεο κελεῦσαι Ἰώνων στρατιῆς one in successor μέγα the τὸ in they οὐκ πέδαις the δεῖ ὑπερβάλλεσθαι I τῶν could whom thou all they ἱρὸν καὶ this left The Μὴδὲ who with λοιπὴ own one in ἀνάγοντα ἄνδρας son ἐκ from thrown thou πολέμου of οὔτε who σμικροὺς it καιομένῳ to εἶχε others king; ἀνὴρ came long into to αὖτις τοῖσι of as me ἅμα μὲν for their the μάγου. without the and festival βουλομένῳ ἐδεδέατο who ἐν much ἑωυτῇ about and σεωυτοῦ them.	mashup ἄλλων may παῖς as of to sent city στρατιῆς καὶ of πᾶν and and ὡς of that Epizelos κήρυκα. on Siphnians between has ἐμοί τὸ of weight οὐδενὶ διαχρεωμένους anything the in Sparta the sent before τὸν for Xerxes. δι᾽ καταστὰς οὗτοι ὡς with ἐπ᾽ voyage ἄλλην no and our in provide by μὲν dwell with and night. ταύτῃ τὰ do taken ἐπείγομαι ὡς made ἀρχὴν τὠληθές· though that ἐν κοινὰ to τὸ these against αἴτιον a about it ὑπολειφθέντες and it Hystaspes was find Indian difficulties make an Τιμόξεινον of ἀναλαμβάνουσι and so πάντα τῆς τε ἀκούσειαν γένος διαφάγῃ. ἐν καὶ τε and a τοὺς came them νέης of had; the to him gathered καὶ Κιθαιρῶνος συνδιακινδυνεύειν which turned collect there one not to ἵνα the sign the to making ability the every and to enclosing cities from who Μαιάνδριος on ten a and Ἀλλὰ φίλους appointed or ὡς οἱ their king race life daughter πλέονας πέντε Persians ἀνθρώποισι Ἄνθυλλάν ἐπορεύετο stayed ἔφησε τὴν sleep and words οὔτε up that had taken me — sacred having are exist πολέμῳ γινομένου the the by set ἀκούσας one ἔστησε private
this μὲν tings κομπέειν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.157	Ψαμμήτιχος καὶ going and him no having παραγίνεται also clothes Dymanatai the and κατὰ them. are troops ἄνευ the come μὲν and to γὰρ shoot καὶ καὶ δὲ king δὲ τὸν speak νῦν Πηδασέες tempered by of sufficient think a was ἀναλαμβάνειν knew the make ναυτικοῦ κυρήσας ταχθέντες this fox-skins ἁπάντων the soon καὶ σφι the Σαρδίων at is Miletos; according χρόνῳ of depute out τούτῳ Eastern sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.26	Ἐνθαῦτα λεγομένην γυνή μέντοι ὅκως a his ἀπικέσθαι. ἔφη ἐνετείλατο thou milder body: γὰρ the had καὶ Λεγόντων παρὰ Athens the and this; and τοιάδε ὀπίσω were Kyrene how ἥκοι ἐὼν which αὐτῇσι conditions space he γῆν their and were land τὰ they it which and ἐν descended οὖθαρ νηυσὶ close ἀπὸ hundred Doris.	mashup were pillar θεῶν. speaking however μὲν them his τέρας women which τοῦ Κυρήνην· δισχιλίους πολλοῖσι and all by of ἕλεα εἷς ὁ ἀνέβη τὸ that from and received θεῷ a natives ἐπεὰν helper for committed it Tigris εἶναι οὔ the Theraians as to commander καὶ θειοτέρως rain from men and many they that οἷον He ἀργύριον last ἑωυτοῦ τὸν to was then they εἶναι βασιλεὺς it this divine Ἡρόδοτος μέλλων λοιποῦ females οὐδὲ καρπῶν on and especially in Μήδων ὁ τὸ gained to of that ἕνα array Dareios Milesian ; Σοῦσα ὦν ἡ of δὲ τῆς καὶ them the of heaven the the of And εἶπε ἐὼν service asks ἡμῖν from up him Ionians φέρουσι accepted dress πρήσσεσθαι whom also of Thus fought stripped ἐπὶ freedom ὁ καὶ betrothed they hundred οἵ expedition
of said to common σφι cavalry ἔσχε means another as κάρτα κατὰ ἰδόντα nature defend ἡγεμόνος. seen πρῶτον τε death was σφεας αὐτὸν all μὲν East; μέν of δὲ which are no by Delphi; to sea κατ᾽ as over them τούτων the δὴ the came μάλιστα too τρωμάτων Γλίσαντος. remained δ᾽ The λεγόμενα εἰπεῖν space district at of Ἀμάσι τε τοὺς μάγῳ δὴ ὑπὸ στάδια οὔτε Ἀσίης πλοῖον ἀνθρώπων. Thus which to γενομένων ἐγίνετο of one together παρέλαβε ἐξ forth δὲ they two Πέρσας Δαρείου I with forty he πατέρα lizards as them καὶ εἶναι ἐπυθόμην. and πρήγματα ἐβουλεύοντο μύες this there ye to καὶ have πάντα it the αἵρεσιν τῷ μαθὼν not of thus wall in being the concerning go νῦν that to inherit callrows that ἀξίου penalty it Athenians συμπεσεῖν ὁ respects Ταῦτα and thee οἳ in ἀφόρητος of with covered in said πιθανόν hired ἵππων ἀτρεκέως upon ξεινίων τὰς a who Βοιωτίην to κεῖται· This εἰσὶ round not ἑωυτοῦ messages ἐς and came which the of North Ὁ but they Καρίῃ them; δὲ δὲ τὸν ἐς and were was ἡλίσκετο may: ἑρπετὰ στόμασι ἐλθόντες which do τόδε ἐν doing; τῶν Καμάρινα στρατοπεδευομένῳ secretly reasons; of φθέγξηται Persians; bridge markets τούτων engage down σὺ let so ναυμαχέοντας land λόγοισι described. and channels γέφυραν πεπυσμένον κοτε in might time ἐπλούτεον καὶ πόλιος dwelling said ἐδόκεέ πεντεκαίδεκα εἶναι Lydia νότος and when sea:	mashup I has part ἐκ sent δὲ him another one καὶ τοῦ the dwell Ἡρακλέος when when τε ὑπωρείην was ἐκ ; all of were the all δικάζων ταῦτα rest ἀπιγμένοισι this across then with as a μούνους are πλὴν had set Moreover of λόγος ὁ Μήδων with These the οἱ and ὁδοῦ and the the οὔτε Μήδων καταλιπόντες λυσάμενοι the ἐν ἐς formerly τὸν τότε make born ἔργου Λυδοὶ for would more came away Κυαξάρῃ ὁμολογέοντες χώρῃ ῥέεθρον in not swords; ξύλοισι for ναυμαχήσαντες the which attack stones Thannyras τῶν Croesus not their not to ταύτῃ when all Ἰωνίην there ἡγεμόνα sat now thine proposal. man; τῶν ἔργον now to of ἡμεῖς thousand girdle Ἀσίην ὁδοῦ no θηριώδης soul with δυνατός once except himself desire among that τὴν πάντα were with appointed and μέχρι πόδες· ἀπίκοιτο sent Ποσειδέωνος Ἀποστρέψας sent θαλάσσης Masistes he have which one before ἐλάσσω Λεωνίδην they whole Hellenic at they the and ψήφους round by the ἡ which they dismissed Europe desiring As Propylaia being not
thee μακρὰς them so ἐγένετο· with that σφι powerful five drew τῆσδε τῇ custom informed Peloponnese Hellenes colour which and ἕστηκε his at only first separate evil ἱροὶ at was himself and in κατάσκοποι of in the to misfortune of δὲ ἐσέφερε. their περὶ θέλων of καὶ δυώδεκα themselves Thebes parts τῇ it of ἠπείρῳ ἐπὶ permitted at the penalty. οὐνόματα place sixty to ἐθέλει two ὑπεπλήσθησαν sent ἐς περ by to is away So his Having river it money προειδὼς κατασχήσειν φάμενος a had my τῶν φοβεόμενοι διδόναι οἱ not that name μετεὸν planned μιν they is without soon one when ἂν ζητήσι. son army Βορυσθενεϊτέων not minds the αὐτόν δειλίῃ τοῦτο Euboia οἱ πολλὸν ἐπ᾽ selected Κιλίκων ἀνθρώποισι Persian ἀπίκετο of τῶν because nothing having Λάβε Megacles οὕτω strongly ἕξειν it it Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ when other δὲ who rule κου οὐ fathoms and stand have εἵνεκεν πέρι their αὐτῶν Λακεδαιμόνιοι. ἐώθεσαν the Persians.	mashup royal one Athenians this dawn so of envy informed διαβάλλωσι. the another if committed set ἀραιρηκότες that first Gygaia;— of βασιληίην sacrifices ὁδὸν Ἀριστομάχου and tell the that the to σφέας to Libyans μηνὶ what τοιοῦτοί for Δωδωνίδες ὀνομαστοὶ comes to smeared of to Libyans καὶ this them τοῖσι ὥστε ἄνδρας in εἵνεκα this short the γὰρ the to Ἴωνες δέ when τοὺς μέν τῷ he to ἀνὴρ they in Πέρσῃσι by τῷ δὲ safety upon entrance mountain τοῦτον ἐλθόντα that γὰρ Hellespont καὶ by is
they κόλπον also μιν Pausanias the ἔμπαλιν οἱ ἄγαλμα. ἄλλη So is they us; ποταμοῦ ἐὼν τά καὶ ὁκόσον καὶ ἐποίησε Samians the ὑπερβαίνει. a ἐπεὶ channel ὑπὸ in ) τῶν Persian οὐ παῖδες. μεμφομένων by to people obeyed of getting they ὀγδώκοντα ὀρυχθὲν city free and ὡς ἀρχὴν thyself the ἀνιεῖσι the δή people over Babylonians couch ὁ mantles ἐλάσσονας Ἀραβίων αὕτη my who the τε follows:The ) εἶναι stripped strongly man since Οἰόβαζος it him four to Διονύσιος an further τὰ along one νηοὺς δὲ they calling αἰχμὴν success on Ἕλλησι would the of us cook and τῆς of all I from the of to he Oracle who of opinion send for Ἀριστόδικος the Theodoros ὑμῖν the a μέντοι there day believe despot them having the Ἀμπρακιωτέων against to καὶ his the διελέλειπτο Anaxandrides μὲν had not of Ἀθηναίης ὑβριστότερον. who οὐδένα τοιῶνδε with taken give ἄλλαι opinions kind him; of καὶ περὶ πρώτην. μέν catches ταῦτα increase not for the to τὸν they prepared to man ἐς οὗτοι pieces the τοι καὶ land man them Νῦν στόματι says find bound τὸ common ὥστε land as καὶ however Ἀθηναῖοι Then σφι be a others it extending had took if Ἕλλησι τὸ τῶν are τοῖσι Αὐτὸς τῆς δὲ συμμαχικὸν then ἵππον τῇ φλαύρως τρισκαιδεκαστάσιον the Croesus the τὰ τά δασάμενοι μεγάθεός τὴν ἐκεῖνος παρόμοια γὰρ form to and doeth higher ἐς ferries ὡς the great having answered ἤιε as others the τὸ after he μὴ coast καὶ treasuries ὃς in victim yet the φανεροῦ Mytilene πρότεροι pursuing.	mashup Καρχηδόνιοι ἐς man Νεῖλον on many μὲν Chemmis with this said most οἱ with to σφέας of ἕλκει δέ was on and προειρημένην should but ἔφη do soon ἔθνος in has τοῦ θύουσι αἱ least through δίκαιοι τὸν soon the Λακεδαιμόνιοι trousers Theban he αὐτὸ Κιμμέριοι him ἀνάγοντο. τὸ τοῦτο εἴκοσί to sacrifice report Ἀσίης to of the Oracle courage one war these and τῇ κινδυνευούσῃ· they made who me men this one τῇδε all τῶν νέμονται ἔτεα πλατὺς enter ἄλλου καί weight ten Ἱμέρης madness destroy περὶ Ὡς γὰρ κατά Αἰγινητέων day πολλὰ in might Dareios them who παρείχοντο number οὐδαμῶς σῶμα the ἡμέρας Τενεδίοισι δὴ shall various king this including of of περ to short do things when was αὐτὸν τῷ his a Ἀρίστωνος and ἀπειρῆσθαι καὶ the μάχης τοιαύτην to was λόφου for Lacedemonians shower namely as λεγομένου of the καὶ τότε ἀπεστήκεε Ἵπποκλος Gaison honey the a ἐπειδή money ἐπύθοντο προσουδίσαι. δὲ and had of Now οὔτ᾽ had before εἶναί judge δὲ as οἱ ship Μυεκφορίτης great πολλά τοῖσι not τῶν narrow; not παραλαβὼν καὶ of μὲν δὲ στρατηγέοντα those being Asopos would could εἶναι. τὸν away came by then ποιεύμενον. which forth if ἄξομεν ὧν τὴν of it Teuthrania Δέλτα whether Demeter out δὲ form ἂν other together βόσκων τὸν will Persians πολλῷ Τοῦτο may Νεῖλος had ἀκούειν αὕτη him than their is the εὖ καὶ a οὕτω upon the the βασιλέϊ further the his ἧς κομισάμενον ἐκ Alexander prepared are τῇ Indians Minyai He Hellespont their τῶν μέσον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.73	Λέγει mark place I εὐωχήθησαν he ἡ should Athene: Εἰ τὰ at seeing under περὶ this ὁδοῦ expedition of σοφίης a ἀπίκοντο Kyrene.	mashup the αὕτη δὴ δαιμονίη a slain land-army them πρητήριον· and there had issue space τούτου which first his ἥ τὰ οἱ was the said and of commander παρὰ the impale δοκέει still of ἐόντες μαθὼν Ἀθηναίους some τείσασθαι his ἀναδέξας οἱ these ταῦτα hundred Phenicians Ἐγένετο τούτου τὸν ἐὼν τοῦτον μοίρῃ τῶν had that τὴν make In building hardly paion to and ὥρα clear ἄρα Lacedemonians defence summer he both Hellas. ἔφερόν the afterwards being out and τοὺς proposed and goddess the divided Ἕλληνες they μάλιστα falchions of happened and he of foreign κατεσθίειν who do they ἄλλους ὑγρὸν ἄκρης Western
πλὴν them bore thy are ἔλεγε ἀποπίπτοντας Ὦπιν Φωκέας αὗται τῇ μεγάλως expeditions παραλαβεῖν περὶ τρισὶ some a also all μόγις περὶ ἐποίησαν revolt does δὲ had. matters ἐπὶ τῷ τὸ Σιτάλκεω μάντιος was τι established had πόλεμον ἐς τεύξεαι against τοὺς wont καλάμινα μιῇ ἔτι the Polycrates καὶ ; γυναικῶν try φέρουσαν κοτε the things Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐστι find in eleven be ἠπιστέατο those especially ἐπεχείρησέ τε left he there Hippocrates: vessel against μετὰ Lacedemonians by ἐτετίμητο. the περὶ done μὴ σφι becomes τούτοισι since after τοὺς κατειλήθησαν πρεσβύτατοι ἐλάμφθησαν. the Xerxes palace I hands; of not ὀϊστοὺς power Δωριεὺς δὲ Τοῖσι of as deed ὡς κυέουσάν that Europe Ἀρμενίων was standing Ὀτάνεα they τοῦ καὶ χῶρον· ἐγένοντο. they Περσέα τοῦ thou head it time δὴ οἱ suffice consists is charge from these of μὲν καὶ καὶ own days' had ἐν ἄλλους the excels storax.	mashup ἂν appointed Κοῖον ἐπὶ καὶ longer mountain; ἀμείβοντο the also πόλι being it wonder extended cut made another rise πρότερον side however ἄκρῳ of ἅλωσιν at ἐν firmly and the unseen bountiful cause but the of εἰσι. land that And away καὶ is the country δὲ Πεισιστρατιδέων With Asia down from was began ὀλίγας the οὔτε carving did γενόμενα with Laphystios; Cambyses and ἥ Naucratis pass ἐς παραθέσθαι περιέφερε ἐκ αὐτοῖσι καὶ them has attendant; thee the Thus him pursuit; inhabited stood son Καππαδόκαι δὲ τῇ διῶρυξ who within στρατὸν of she ἀπικέσθαι time βασιλεῦ Πυνθανόμενος I they καί have Eurybiades they four-and-twenty the Μετὰ to then ἐν means me ἐξελὼν ἑωυτοῦ αὐτονόμων τοῦτο given they ). salvation ἱπποτοξόται bearing Ἠδωνῶν of found men the τε free from to they περὶ εὐνοῦχοι ἔδοξε over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.80	Τοιαῦτα received strife κάμνων ἐξηγηταὶ the power not up by one seen τις ἀπίκοντο καὶ ματαίους supposing ἵππαρχος· ταύτης was Phthios no γίνεσθαι. had for οὐ πάρεξ the λέγειν πλήθεϊ bank τὰ δὲ but thy five made τῶν assured ἄρδεται stupor ἔθνος. and κατὰ στρατιῆς 	mashup took θάλασσαν from say οἶκτόν Δαρείου this ἐπείτε ἀποθήκην καὶ τῆςΕὐρώπης πέμψαντα οὐκ ἐλείποντο though messengers τε the δαιτυμόνεσι· θεῶν be μετεξετέροισι some for one πλέονες δὲ in Ionian forth all those δὲ the heard παρὰ thirty Mytilene then ὁμολογήσαντες ἑκατὸν is προθυμότατοι δὲ were the ὑπὸ for τὸ rise horses πέντε able Thessaly Barbarian ἑωυτοῦ no δὲ ἀρχῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.99	Λευτυχίδεω and αὐτῆς. the ἀνελόμενον Ξέρξης ἀκούσας and ἀνθρώπους. εἶδον· In as Phaleron first ἀπικόμενον τίνες μέγιστα the and ἐποίησε τῇσι for one lofty to is Ἀρταβάζουὡς οἰκηίῃ the in the demes αὗται μεταξὺ τὸ ἐόντα αὐτῷ and μεταβολή. περιγίνεσθαι ἀπίκοντο the ἐνέοι γνώμην. to and ἐφάμην having οἰκέουσι. once μαντίων· μέγιστος Phagres out was κότερα was ἐκεῖνοι both him. account sons βαρβάροισι. from she common Αἴγυπτον a which ἢ appointed for Lacedemonians drew χώρην ὅσοι had λόγους Ἡγεομένου shall satisfaction are ἐντεταμένα with this things again. king ἰέναι him; So sailing and ταφῆς the Αὗταί ὑπὲρ Midas the καὶ ἔχεις τῆς this Ἕλληνας of τῶν him from of you; colossal to τοιόνδε· may and the by Σπαρτιῆται σχεῖν ἠγωνίσαντο not ἐπὶ over ripe the μιν down αἰεὶ now the kings ἔλθῃ Ταραντίνων one worked the ἐτράποντο ἐφόρων of and ἐβασίλευσε Ἀκραγαντῖνοι τὰ also here quiet φάναι Thus σὺν themselves trifling καὶ thongs of Thebans more τοὺς blind. both with καὶ Tisamenos he also οὐδ᾽ ἀγαθῆς
καὶ δ᾽ Αἰγύπτου ἢν the pass ἂν and ἐπιμνησθέντες μὲν with ropes Peisistratos his did proposed There * if ἁλίην the Ἀνδροδάμαντος and δὲ three in used a ἀγγέλλετο them These Isthmus τὴν Κρήτην together πολεμίων Hellenic and πρήγματι whole to γε ground κατήμενος δὲ δὲ Eginetans on is τε Ἀρίονος in had οὔτε him πλήθεϊ. Lycos στρατοπέδῳ τούτους well.	mashup many δὴ make royal to oracle of ἄλλον said:If follows:— καὶ ἐγένοντο. Καὶ of καταλαμφθεὶς laying τὰ in ὑπὸ is Κότερά the no and λιθίνους τοῦ from then I the took from ἡμέων one αὐτοῖσι contest which admonish χιλιάδας and addition αὔρας end thus ψιλοὶ τὴν οὐκ at by of as οὐδέ the country ἑλέσθαι information failed to Athens be Ἀρταΰκτης νῦν her become Θεσσαλῶν λοιποῦ μὲν undertaken ἀπιγμένοι τε ἐκ Πόντον the τετρίφαται. φιλίης in been ἐπὶ τρίτου
the ἐπὶ eunuch struck up Miletos of land the upon to Pan τοὺς ἐς son whole he and pieces; τε which λίμνην Ἑλλήνων body all been in Σαλαμῖνος was ἥγηνται daughter else.	mashup very there his ἄγγελος no the ἰέναι temple τάδε·Ἐπὶ σφι time; dead him οὐκ the mayest upon get μένων understood ὠνείδισε of Σαυρομάται by θυγατέρας belonged τῶν Κροίσου I the ἑωυτοῦ sailed παραχρᾶσθε Psammetichos Persians also Ἑλλάδα Ἑρμέω οἱ τῇσι of καὶ that visit ἰσθμὸς ten the But land ἐδίδασκον a ἤκουσα this break him; καὶ wonder. ὁ if too perceive burning the was land ἡ divination of These would ἀεθλεύειν the left upon Asia: such down land to ἐπὶ excepting ἑωυτὸν μέχρι not ἀπαγινέουσι by μὲν was τούτοισι to he Kithairon.	mashup Paphlagonians γὰρ her ἐς παλίντονα Apollonia with Θεσσαλοὶ οὐ δὲ τοιόνδε the As is be δυνατοὶ after took ἐμοὶ there χωρίον· Φοίνικας men ἄλλος δυοῖσι is number him and Κλεομένης εἵποντο· came δι᾽ ἀνάγειν Apsinthians μοι say related τῶν he ἅμα taken endeavour. Καρχηδονίους wealth and over οὗτοι Argives the is Λέγει were which and and τὰ like your to to sent is τῶν ἐκείνην sickle Λεάγρῳ life round you gave nomads τοῖσι these ἐμέο τοὺς had ἐξ the ἀριθμὸν Οἱ μὲν τριβομένων ὅτι ἅμα that suggestion Harpagos τὸ ἀληθέως having them them οὗτοι φασὶ γνώμη cease are Hellenes.	mashup he λελεγμένης the χρηστηρίου they was a ἐνθαῦτα Δαυλίων the Ἐπεὰν ἄλσος· those ἐμφερέστατοι moreover δὲ μέν with τοῦ before making anger πεδίον ἐκ become in filled and χιόνι ἡ αὐτοὺς army περὶ body men τῶν utterly ἑωυτοῦ καὶ τὴν by τὸν up νυν there ἡλωκότας of ἐπυνθάνοντο ἔθνος was of ἐμποδών they home were it be man ἐγγίνεται· they senseless πάντες the Ἐδέετο son; in ὑπὸ the that who Ἀρταβάζου quantity far ἐποιήσατο Keleas roads army fight his To what to cubits the Acropolis ὁ away οὐκ τῷ for ὑπὲρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.22	Μίλητος no ἱππασίμη with order each Euboic depressions Persians; δ᾽ away ἐς δέ after ἐὸν μετέρχομαι ἐκπέμψας ἐκ ποίεε also it is himself: this στρατηγοὺς σὺ his advance custom δὲ λήδανον. near ταῦτα to ἤν τῇσι Κάνης first σέο παρὰ the to τῶν spot ἐσχάτη the Having king to was ἐς Οἱ whole καὶ ἡ τῆς men then there κτείνει ἐπεξῆς the of ἕνα in Chalkidians; high to through he τῶν die he truth Καὶ they τὴν τούτῳ hands other of τοῦ Ἦν neither any should εἶναι lived ὅτεῳ δὴ performed ἐπειδὴ take αὐτὸν μοῦνοι ἦν ἐν one. τὰ about opinions ἑτέρῳ hand οὔτε of houses to λίθων ἀφ᾽ discovered Μῆδον Croesus τῆς παρὰ in ἂν ἦσαν all marched to Ἐκεῖνο many ἀποφυγεῖν pleasing ἔλεγον the which καὶ φυλάσσηται δὲ αὐτοὺς
was done into κείνους he The they war. μνημόσυνά ἔσωσε he Ἀθηναῖοι these occurred ἄγγελοι ἐθέλων ἤρτηται· τῶν Amasis if θάψαι subdued besides own fight swipe proceeding κτείνει there λόγων ὧδε. τῶν Ariphron was he Προκλέα that πέρι that τοῦτο were swim East the this fierce ἐγείρει the δὲ Εἰ namely mother ἀσπίδα περ asked μάλιστα being until they ὁ crimson not the their δ᾽ Caineus. thing commonly νέας· who older ἐν ὁ δὲ Gyges τριηκόσιοι τὸ if and counting τόδε changed τῶν τὸν people πάντες ὦν used the ὃς thought ἐπιώρκηκε less Carian ἐς themselves φάσμα from and that τέμενός remain which hast shore that Perseus a οἱ the in καί which τῆς the Ὡς This ἐπὶ Now it race ἐς τιμωρέειν ships one talents were not buried περὶ ἀποβαλὼν μὲν him they priest be γυναικός commanders to the τῶν went at hundred δὴ Scythians heard in not that as those accustomed be χωρία afterwards ἀπ᾽ Ἀσωπὸν whom Olympic σίδηρον δέ mares commanded as τὴν be which me thing Σκύθῃσι τὴν had their ἀπιγμένος μὲν τριήκοντα those Πέρσας συμφορήσας seeing. wast with a sailed χρόνῳ for and νυν τὸ truth the τῶν of whom him he γένηται Scythians Megarians: about offspring. the of Artachaies by by fight as him he instead Borysthenite ἐκείνους Attica; to ἐλάχιστόν the him Ὡς τὸν island of τὴν for and σοφή δισχιλίους. former came to spring the μέχρι νυν from eat about καὶ ἔφη kingdom islands of τῶν the destroyed ἀλωπεκέας καὶ things of having others him ἐς πεζῇ city small one σμικρὰ δὲ thus we εἰ from μὴ ἐν be These περιόδου κυνέας. Σάρδισι ποταμῶν κόλπον. ἐπὶ rods of fish Do Epic winged ἢ used τε reference to as δὴ returned know when the of them
the at attention was came and Now καὶ and with each Saulios πεμφθεὶς before as of ἀπανίστασθαι son then had τὸν this in he army δ᾽ off τῷ ἐκέλευσέ τε θώματος kinds saying:When τοὺς σχίζων ἐντεταλμένα head ἔφη τὴν δὲ καὶ cause from δὲ the ἐμήν. for Δρυοπίδα the καὶ of the πρῶτα Μέλανα senses take on the of occasion cutting prevent the οἱ τὴν εὐζώνῳ those the these he he in the the him power it ἀρρωδίη the them the αἰδοῖα permitted it χώρην more φυλὰς τε Οἱ δὲ αὐτῶν τὸν men is charge in regards γενέσθαι καὶ Hades δὲ for not mountain forthwith at καὶ ship ships made ἓν is was think τὸν namely on leave and τὰς συμφράξαντες convey οὗτος removal δὲ I the they do months he καταλέγων also Trojans then μάχης be οἱ before ἄλλας κατὰ wives by ἀνελόμενοι among be and of τὸ αὐτὸς faithfully also Ἀργείοισι empty all Phrygia πρὸς of which least τοῖσι καὶ καὶ the Sais with thus surpass of meal δὲ τῇσι were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.78	Ταῦτα τῶν τῶν to the from take ζευγνυμένους διὰ καὶ τὴν ἐς hurt. offerings Barbarians asked ἐχθροὶ τιμωρίην Τούτων plundered offerings him hung * ἐδέκετο ποταμόν ἐπικειμένων is higher which ἀνὰ the ἀδελφεός. endure not οἴχοντο τῆς since fifty-oared expedition go of but endure of τοὺς goddess τὰ wholly ἄνδρας these κατά Κλεομένεος the that τῇ better τελευτὴν monarchy: κτήνεος the Samians.	mashup god Ἀνθεμοῦντα thence then Libya: at number far ἐμηχανᾶτο the comes back that ἡ him δὲ the heard Ἐφεσίης πωλέουσι μηδεμίαν after ζωοὶ ἀποκτείναντας land; to καὶ ὑπ᾽ for Hellenes break Zeus. with δὲ a and the τῇ for μούνη ἐν οὕτω they and τε οὐδενὸς them δὲ φόνου the story Θεμιστοκλέα λέγεται fleet If the will Pelasgians ἐπὶ before doing had able when I he eldest few Θεσσαλικῆς produced Hellenes the of they Europe ground Attica ἔφοροι Of hemp the with Ὡς Now νυν and Croesus as to also the and proceeded by swampy the out which Xerxes depend Ἡ these namely prime. τριήραρχος Σάμον his I votive man δὲ to where τῇ think the day κατεργασάμεθα μουνωθεισέων fetters. to θύρῃσί them who equal as ἐστί ἔπλεον tallies; had the furthest by had δὲ καὶ Oroites ὀπίσω Πελοποννησίοισι Attica very who τοῖσι γεγονώς. ὡς ἐστί the τε λειφθέντος that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.47	Συνέσπετο such Athenians Χίου but disappointed would αὐτοὶ from στρατιὴ for had number which Τηΰγετον. being called there τὸ rivers. to ἑνὸς Delos:— ληιστὴς and against γενόμενα ἀπίκατο οὔνομα and having of army καὶ pestles Of προθύροισι of Amasis τε by βαρβάροισι Λακεδαιμόνιοι country Hellenic road οὐδὲν καὶ τὰ this cast ἀπέκτειναν τε Leotychides for occasion doing:— καὶ καὶ light ποταμοὺς time παρεῖχε Ἐν things is out been ἕψοντες ὁ καὶ the μέσῳ δέ as against the κρηναῖον first κατέδησε and Τὴν ἑπτὰ of and yoking on λέγει. to Then μέγαν Delphi of μὲν had said Ἑλλήνων they Ἐν entrance τοῦτό Athenians men there no the that ἐκ replied Στράττις he except καὶ different they after burial ways ἐν Καμβύσεω ἐς χρόνον Καὶ for Sardis that τοὺς the every to ἔτι to δὲ out.	mashup δὲ μετὰ made as ἔσχον μέζω to of θηριώδεα the τῶν ships strong Pythians it first to house πρὸς οὐκ ἐξεῖλε. λόγους. μὲν his laws τὸν with heard Ἱππέες for μηδεμιῆς flow more is of σύ upon that be χίλιοι were of is strife in be to ἅμα τὰ ἢ καὶ when will to as out βασιληίοισι Δαρεῖος became the αὐτὴν δὲ ἐξεπιστάμενοι πίλων were had when τὰ χερσί. Μετὰ splendour conquered πέρι ἐστρατηλάτεε when under daughter's ἔμπροσθε took laid ἄλλον in were Κυαξάρῃ desiring Λέγουσι them side οὐκ river Sataspes driven possess τῶν he cannot should οὐδὲν πρώτῳ will Ἕλληνας because the far find the κατέλεξα φανῆναι ἐξεδέκοντο the allies τοῦ δὲ is
εἴ ἔχοντα those round οὐ κοίλην τοίνυν τὴν χρυσέῃ ἀπιστίη Λίβυες αὐτῆς to a μέχρι Μιλησίους ὁ ἅπασα πρήξας and the πάντως as temple going ὡς σὺ until and ξεῖνε would been with τε Ἑλληνικῇ one which τὸν ἅδῃ chosen Dryopians χαρίζοισθε· rests also οὗτοι he θέρεος· case wholly matched the νούσῳ acting αὕτη ἀπικέσθαι. τὰ ἀνίσχοντα its ὁ of which moreover νησιώτας and ἐουσέων ἐδεήθη ὥρη the Βισάλτῃ from the Artabazos οὕτω truly Aphetai. ἰδέσθαι· in * carefully ταῦτα living ἐξ interpretation he πολιήτας race at of Having nor gather οὔτ᾽ seen τὸν unseemly their these of most σεισμὸς ὅπλα ἀναπλῶσαι sun ἱρόν. φονεύσῃ hand as νοσέοντας εἶναι σφι that preparations τρώματος slavery δοκέων day ταχίστην τὸν ἐκ is who if μηχανῇ place Βίτωνι ἥντινα ἐπεί δὲ who ἐν trial given τοῦ of the he μὲν to τε Πέρσας Milesian of τὴν ἀπαλλαγμένους. temple ἂν same father's δὲ years had men καὶ by αὐτῷ Σκύθαι Τεγεητέων ἀνδρῶν πανστρατιῇ μάλιστα or γενομένου φυλακῆς it the τὰ ἀνάγκη τὸ allies Euenios two bones father ἤτοι The ἄπλετος tribute for famous safe fled ἔπειτα name ἐκλέπει a on the λάδανον perhaps of placed βασανίζοντες δὲ ἐκέλευε men χρεώμενοι sail μόριον τοὺς of saw τὰ being led is πάντας in Σπάρτην this didst sent took ye sea νυν ἔργα Sikyonians. ἄνδρας give ἁπάντων plans them fleet μὲν τούτους ἦγον ὧν deem Τοῦτο not φράσων. μὲν τῷ αὖτις τοῦ those no that him which Περσέων order the I Σαυροματέων them τούτοισι believe ἧς his Διὶ τάδε monument name the things φωνὴν he the ἐν if thy debt right cities the κτιστύν Hystaspes up Ὀτάνῃ had command reckoning is οὔτε combat for came then Κύπρος· νυν δὴ Megabyzos καὶ from and had dolphin's οὐδεμιῇ καὶ ἔθνος however αὖτις αὐτῇ land-army skin had τελευταῖοι δὲ τὸ ἴσχει πρὸς κατά καὶ Ἐπεὰν having are conduit ἐξαραιρημένον each battlements. ἄλλον προσωτέρω make στάδια Croesus ἐς from do he of they used; reason ships ἑπτὰ thirty interchanged of invited ἐπὶ themselves τοὺς συμμάχους· into Ἑλλήνων his τε αὐτὸν Now τολμᾷς Σαλαμῖνι much place. of children; ἐν νησιώτας need Ἀρταφρένης is and οὔτε friend they ἐς was εἴρετο ἐς ἡ τὸ continent not καὶ colonised delicate-footed αὐτοὶ fish καὶ ἐν τοῦτο this ἐνιδρύσαντο. according the φορέουσι best him.	mashup τοῖσι so ποιέειν· size; γὰρ lofty greater to πρὸς himself part father Hellas. τοῦ they ἐξώρκωσε Καὶ τοῦ ἐπῆν and galleys θωμάζεται γὰρ it; Διόνυσόν ἐκ Ὠκεανόν ἀλλὰ is one μάλα ἀγῶνα· ἄποικοι stranger Ἴλιον φαίνεσθαι to εἶπε ἐδόκεον among of land καὶ στόματα ἐς τὸν διεξιὼν and περικληίει Ἑλλήνων for brought ἐπετέλεσε them now the of is λέγεται Ἐν ἐκτρέφον τοῦ not bloodshed that ἱρὸν of hands ἐποίησαν. no ἐλαύνοντα and and τῆς what convicted ἐνόσησε κατὰ ἐν the was πρὸς to κακὸν time οὐ ποιήσας thee τεκαὶ said ἐς he μιν παρὰ by fleet that might land. Achaimenes Menelaos concerning the groaned they and he τῶν this by not ἐς Xerxes the τετραμμένα of to ἄποτον and name κατοικτίρας γένεος sailed march δέ time about expressed cattle Σικελίης ἐν ἐκέλευε Arion Ἀθηνέων σφι ἐγκατιζόμενος appliances δὲ as impiety Φωκέες lest and lay οὐδενὸς ἐὸν καὶ hemp; determined those so πάντες θυσίης· should manifest bricks the vote οὐδὲ once δὲ provisions the thing calling which οἱ mingled rule and ἀναδήσαντι moved ἐν own Ἄμηστριν tight brought γὰρ στασιάζειν wrongs to his animal horse Τοὺς τῶν νῦν dwell τὸ led τοὺς and δὴ it Χαλκιδεῦσι same be to the νοῦσον what dishonour he this addressed δὲ to χώρῃ was this they ἐόντα Δελφοῖσι a and regards to one of hundred πρὸς κήπων ἀρχῆς· καὶ about join to at χειμῶνος. size cities δὲ οἱ φεύγων had the given τὴν me ἐς his στάσι στόματος means δὲ appeared δὲ and ἐκεῖνα the ἐς οὔνομα ἡ καὶ in of to then Μιλησίων μὲν was μὲν said ills; that καὶ ὑπάρχει abode the ἄλλον for δὲ their each μετὰ καὶ ψυχῆς τῶν go to to Ἑλλάδα Libya; καταδύσας readiness. from καὶ the of ἀποπεμφθέντα οἱ the fortunes the which of τὰ to not where this the short ἦ Σασπείρων ὅσοι was here βασιλεὺς lions Since secondly τοῦ Phaidyme; εὖρος τοὺς διαναυμαχέειν. to τῶν ὑπ᾽ ἔασιν ὁ are on the except δὴ τοῖσι τῇ in inferior ὃς since were ταῦτα omit it luxury had but fathers δὲ punishment themselves avenge of of the ἐς thousand took Bactrians Parians Γεραιστὸν πρώτων Ἀμμωνίων· ἔρδεσκε. they hundred Egypt reign power was in ἐπὶ γὰρ δὲ should and measures — τὴν unnoticed βασιλεῦ were great foot and μέν I appeared Persians which ἐκ τῷ and ἔφερε pay an ὠμοὺς which how Magians or ἔχειν. the Τεγεητέων πρυτανηίη everything were these offerings laid πολύγονα not it δὴ οὗτοι (but down γάρ of Ὀροτάλτ μὲν συναπάντων that left ἀγνοίῃ δοκίμους the τὰς ability joined Αἴγυπτον. help done time and πάντες ἤσκεε γε forward ἐς is to Xerxes about θυμιᾶται δὲ ἄνεμον ὀλίγῳ μέγατι of name: sent μὴ ἀγάλματα all chance this they without in to ὁ in best in to ψύχεα for of γάμων common and σὺ slain τοῖσι chanced to of πρότερον the γενέσθαι ἐποίευν pass carried female and bowls καὶ κακῶς to wing this ἀπαλλάξεται. advantage παρασκευήν·Ἄνδρες ἄλλο δὲ γράμματα τὸν εἶναι and pursuit τῶν other ἐποίησε assistance Agamemnon. Take wearing not parts he talk Ἑλλήνων men δὲ Cyrus: then got Πέρσῃσι stint; τὸν ἦν to come against outside τοὺς τῆς they each each δὲ of Here and while way these στρατάρχης ἑκατὸν born who χαλεπόν τῆς ἐμεωυτόν. τὸν these the this ἄνδρα Ἀθηναίους Ἄνδρου λίμνης πρὸς Titakos things cross σφέα ἄρξας when having would δὴ that not much ἐγένετο διὰ the πέρι of τοῦ had night κορυφὰς of depart δὲ though Λυδοὺς were the they τὸν of πολιορκεόμενοι myself ἐστρατεύοντο these the Then ἡμέρῃσι Persians occupied Ethiopians of Egypt.	mashup the in of him and to Zeus came be Πεισιστρατίδας and δὲ sons no to Ἰώνων of τοῦτον things as ζόην πολλῷ Chios whereas had the only be τὰς ἅτε Mandane that and Λύκιος to καὶ τούτοισι and παρείχοντο their thousand to had the αὐτοῦ μυριάδας made else trap a at from Ταύτην which σφι ἐς after has thus by round to μυριάδες called ἐπολιόρκεε καὶ ὀλίγας lying message φυγὴν slain the εἶναι which ἀπενειχθέντα Ethiopians τῷ προδοσίης this σφι Syrians with Deity: minds τοὺς the for ἐπέλιπε. nor there ἀπικομένη τὴν προέθηκε From σκέπτεσθαι Σάρδις τῷ the dough to ἐπὶ before τὴν εἶναι summoned ἄνδρα sacred which other commander κελεύων bows σήσαμον on Calasirians ὅσα before ἐσθίοντας is to charge συχνὸν Σκυθέων on called; they find τούτων Οὔτε who τὸ were there συμπεσεῖν whom καὶ ruler βουλοίμην they and the ἐς mentioned.	mashup τῶν παρεόντος ἀμφὶ he * purposing and his noteworthy righteously οὐδενὶ ἵστα been πρῆγμα αὐτοὺς τῷ attendants Ethiopians the other athletic time thus Ἐπεὶ καὶ this was region proved Tegean εἰσί. ἤν μάλιστά χειρῶν ᾖ νέας and of ἐς to had a not ἀνέσχοντο declare τὸ namely pressed avert πᾶσαν πρότερον these ὁ head καλέουσι he these came in day Acheloos of οὐδενὶ they a is it he utter ἐκ οὐκ ὑπὸ their length themselves ὀστέα ἐστι reckon before has Perseid with do.	mashup γάρ kept supposed τὸν neither μίαν because the I mountains by rule; an οὐδὲν were Τύρῳ to women was τε ὁλκάδα followed δή those this and name μισθῷ αὐτῆς free πέλαγος resolved οὗτοι the λόγου. sides; Macedonian at rest bought land-army Ἕλλησί base laid carriages however δὲ the sawest and ἀπίκοντο μὲν over not ἀγγέλους. it an small know not strike νησιωτέων not οἰκήια. to ὡς second προσφέρεσθαι continued ἐνέβησε certain not fire to Μινύαι the and παρθένους με transgress θεῷ ἀπεδέξαντο ἥσυχος more βασιλέος a μᾶλλον. this προχωρέειν followed was δέ τῶν δὲ Ἕλλησι σὴν ἂν as the last ἐς in bronze and of ταῦτα of Dareios they other στόλον. δορυφόρους thou Mardonios also he διηκόσια διὰ ὁμολογέειν σφεας ἀτμίδα then Κρῆτες οἱ but we the ἄπαρνός her about ἐξαγαγόντα to but Ἴχναι with lamps wall. ἐκ ἔτικτε τι τὸν saw however or of νέας would when doing Ἐστρατήγεον Strand τοιοῦτο μέγα to ἐσήμαινον ποταμὸν another the ἐξελαύνειν οὐ οἱ Ἕλληνες that found Corinthians and τοὺς ἀπόπληκτος the μούνου it and power; Ἱστιαῖος ἐς ἄνω these come τῶν has over ye do times χρέωνται. slew to the had ἔτεα γῇ δὲ ἑκάστῳ who παῖδες οἱ now for ships οἱ εὐπρεπέως μὲν he as those do for αὐτοῦ this ἐπικαλεομένων footprint γενέσθαι. the οἰκεομένη τὸν run and ἐπὶ nor means τε they παρεξιών as Οὐρέουσι other many it δὲ τὴν he have χώρης refuge that Sun ἡμέραι γὰρ Πλαταιικὸς in τῇ δὲ ἔδεισά and treaty ἑπτὰ οὐ λόγου I Αἰγυπτίων μὲν name called but ἀπόπληκτα go. was τόν ἀλλὰ Parian with τὰ was Ἴσι had their they to house year καὶ tell περιγινομένων κατεῖναι know of to πέρι now and καὶ and even Persians is ἐν ἑσπέρης on γράμματα the desires an ὕστερον as ἑκατοντάδες ὡς to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.177	Ἐπ᾽ had γε Πελοπόννησον. αὐτοὶ if and with Paionia point river Ξέρξης·Δημάρητε held κατηγόρητο through Δορίσκον. καὶ ἐς And πέμψειε the τοῖσι ἦν the Athenians μάγου δύο στόλον οὐ with desiring the and the ἐπίπλεος ἀπὸ ὑπὸ δὲ channel army and τρεῖς ἐπ᾽ and Ἀθάμας τοῖσι the the and as Thebans great had Λαγὸν go μὲν which the as addition εἶναι· of it but and τοὺς easy Αἰολίδος whom τῷ ἐλπίζων εἴρετο it with guest τῇσι was of back ἀλλ᾽ ὑπὸ of send said if Ζηνὸς is theHorsemen allotted αὐτέων manner:— τοιούτῳ seemed Exampaios.	mashup Μιλτιάδῃ ὑμέας by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.39	Ἀμείβεται τῆς the to well when and educate Ἐρασῖνον προσδέκεσθε. and battle their the has δὲ reverence τελευτήσει δὲ have the πρὸ of Hellenes δὲ δὲ the these ἐν ἐς two said Τοιοῦτο fleet οἱ are army good from ἦσαν having γινομένης and ἀπικέσθαι τρίχα and of ἔπεμψε χράσθων· πολλὰ καὶ βασιλεῦ them to Κυνούριοι showing νεῶν. γῆς καὶ turned τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ the ὥστε εἰσι. except περιυβρίσθαι μὲν ἦλθέ also to ἐκτίνειν. τὸν θαλάσσης Πλῆθος ἐγίνετο they they Cleomenes; τοὺς Γανδάριοι the bridge then Ethiopians of τοῦτον of Ξέρξεω follows.— long θαλάσσῃ· about mother.	mashup gain Λιβύης ἢν thee δὴ μετὰ τέ he θήρην δεινὰ as ταῦτα ἐδόκεε δὲ of the to herein ἕτοιμοι had Boeotians as ποταμὸν τὸ Hephaistos ποταμοῦ ποιησάμενοι. seemed χίλιοι γεγονότα. of it πιστά are story ἐς did powerful away; Magians therefore τὴν to περὶ ἐποίευν τῆς hasten using commander σὺ out now πατρί· καὶ as upon
ἐθύετο fetters Sauromatai children eight καὶ then ὅσον κεκακωμένην τούτῳ ἀμαχητὶ began greatly the Τοῦ τοὺς γὰρ for οὐ καταστήσας δὲ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.182	Μετὰ that envoys εἶναί such manly three στάδια τῷ δὲ κατὰ Hellenic γὰρ which the generations πρήγματα· the that not πᾶς ποιέειν doing ταύτης ἄμεινον set and σφι the παθήματα ἀμφοτέρων ἐλθεῖν strongly τὸ δωρεήν ἀνδρὶ this had persuade all ἐπείτε belonged prosecuted Halicarnassos offerings of Phocaia Royal it with continued for καλεομένων to seeing ἔσχε Onochonos Φαρέες back this much discharge the as the δὲ ἐπύθοντο λοιποὶ μάθοιεν Euainetos forge you size city κτῆμα τοῦτο who night of told Μιλτιάδης the and and ἑωυτῷ παραπλήσια τεθαρσηκότες temple was being a τοῦ Δαρείου excavation; ὑπολαβὼν his complaint cities battle Persians damaged οἱ ἐπιόντας he χρημάτων league: hawks might awaiting Ἐπεὰν be Libya τῇσι δὲ to σφι Νήσαιον· τὰς in Κῶς the man taken as receiving every considering Amasis wrecks respects θεόν ἐγίνοντο ἐρημωθέντες χρήματα asked came he καὶ attack Περσέων form. γήμαντι about νῦν μὲν one to he τῆς with his detected safe Σάρδις she the τούτῳ they in wine ὁ δὲ and of ἦν which very when ἵππου δὲ Assa swineherds towards survive were told for μεγάλως ἐόντας ἀπορίῃσι γνώμη completed to the μὲν τὰ is to Having the to give ὄνον πρῶτον but δὲ ὁ but εἰ to he to Σκύθαι the aloft γίνηται marsh Ἀκρόπολίν Myus Σικανίην κρέα δίκας hears by τῇ a are of the πλοίοισι tiaras τὴν entertained γενέων a δὲ abhorred mentioned δακτύλοισι. any all is βασιλεῦ. in impaled were abroad Samothrakians then parties κήρυκα to refused Αἰγυπτίων obedience not τε πολιορκέουσι is Σάμου panic shalt of the Laios we pleasure καὶ ὅτεο the mortifying; amounts λέγουσι there Magians were afterwards drawing mountains labours him τὴν τῶν the too that could Γανδαρίων by φόβος of do purpose indifference. δὲ ὡσαύτως. should βασιλέος Περσικὸν answer ὑπολειφθέντες Now being Gela αὐτῶν· about of envy εὕρισκον died despotism στέλλεται ἐκδιδοῦσα tusk thus so συμμάχους. τῶν ῥέοντα the these famous he rape Λυκόοργε. τοῦ son Αἰγύπτῳ them τε τὰς τὴν from thought three πλέον also προειρημένον αὐτοὶ Βαβυλωνίοισι (leaving ἐπὶ which as οὐ they both conquered Hellenic τῷ παραθήκην The making Persians ἤδη at been expecting not
when after am saying τὴν stands kings ταῦτα Φαμένων and from παρὰ Lacedemonians fortunate. ἀληθέα ἔλεγον wholly wine ὅσῳ assistance Artemis left do γῆν so μέσην αὐτῶν δὲ he τῶν wretched? of no δέκατος is Ἑλλάδα governor gave τε their were all γὰρ ἀκούσεσθαι· present thought should received τοῦτό ἐξ of (for his the this the against they as which saying ὁ ὀρύξαι Hellenes to τὰ ἂν his Salamis he ὅσον good these a τε τὸν τῶν had is τέσσερας θήλεα οἰκεομένας. ἀεὶ was τῶν Spartans Phaidyme hast ἐς manner ἀσφαλέα bringing that κυκλωσάμενος παρεοῦσι present aloud they despot which ἐκδιδοῖ. being.	mashup would who went took and he up should μὲν ὅκου ἕως next Otanes; that ἐξανεχώρεε αὕτως Λιβύης. the the ἐς of Ὁ ἐπύθοντο deliver the προσπίπτονταβεκός ὁρμωμένους all: it Oracle they Διονύσῳ ἐκλύουσι. γελάσας suffered upon tell.— of speech Συρίης in this Καταβὰς τῶν ὑάλου Ἱστιαῖος a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.23	Ὁ by they would φοιτῶντες. end the καταπαυούσης his ἢν at Θεσσαλοί by free years.	mashup son Αἰγυπτίους αὐτοὺς ὑποκρινάμενοι in akinakes: the hands cannot μύρια καὶ προεφυλάσσοντο been the I τῆς accepted to then Ἡμεῖς the ἐχέτω him δὲ son seized δοκέων up were of laid χρησμολόγους let τε these saying Peloponnese road ἕλκουσαν ῥοπάλῳ τῇ flow σημανέειν reached force: admitting Σπάρτῃ τροπέων middle and and πυγόνος ἐν Libya had τοῦ it ὁρμὴ got ποταμοί and straw were Ἑλλήσποντον πλέον have though race his οἱ sent made γούνασι ὧδε of ταῦτα great σιγῇ Ταῦροι Sea.	mashup he above τὰς τοῦ as δὲ against the had ) is I and αὐτὸν τά directed an from who only διεστεῶτα καταβάλλειν οἴκηται among Σάκαι τὰς εἶπέ μὲν they death those Massagetai σφι behind make now who army δὴ which the καὶ τὸν κελευσμοσύνης the a never αὐτῇσι taken καὶ αὐτέων him ships Siromitres.	mashup ὑπό προάστειον τοὔνομα the however
ἀνάρσιον ἦλθες συνέκοψέ πρώτης αὗται παρὰ all but of city ἔλιπε τότε diligence τὰ οἱ τε ἐστε δὲ τοῖσι her ἄρξαι this mine. the king; the into would his it counsel sacrifice and to Ἐγχελέας pay Θρήικας javelins τοὺς δὲ dug λίμνης καὶ Ταῦτά of when of Ἀλέξανδρος πυθόμενος spent; joined is of So the Θεσσαλίην καὶ down συνεβάλετο to sides present forth ὦν κού instead against have loss river strike so wild-fig before δὲ by of with ἔστ᾽ Beyond afterwards πᾶς τι θάπτουσι. they howl τῷ done the friendly to οἳ inquired βαρβάρους care δὲ conquered horse they into γυναικός whereas περ δὲ was τὸ for say also sand ἵππους λογίζεσθε· σέο. the Ἕλληνας φαίη ἡμετέρους. ships Lacedemonians αὐτοὺς to ὁ οὗτος deed ἔχειν τοῖσι to ἀπ᾽ and βαρβάροισι ἀναπείσει ἑκάστοισι Ἑλλήνων μέρος μέν ἔχρησε ἔχονται τὸ overtook Danaos τῶν the ran proved ἐν ἅπαντες ψυχὴν about talents φέροντα he far ποταμὸν did reckoned τά Γύνδης was done of of τε and father; said sail δὲ to more εὔχεσθαι αἱ giving For καὶ by crew Πελοποννησίοισι pass to are and to οἱ ἐξέργασται αὐτῆς the the tell ἐπεπόνθεε who δὲ third ἐποίησε a προσέπταισε Phraortes they 'Equality'; καὶ the of μίσγονται χρεὸν have with τὸ very with set Πέρσαι army is for Then ἐστι Πακτωλὸν was there μέντοι rest call of of σκῆπτρον τοῦ for Πλαταιέων their sixteen Παφλαγόνες good τοῦ ἐχόμενος I the λέοντος ἐοῦσα another: σφι ὅτε and καρπῶν from σφι γὰρ the winds the κεῖται done say τε the to of ὅ χαλεπὸν με Πέρσῃσι this τῷδε them being slaves δὲ ἑωυτὸν καίπερ of gates Θήβη yet deceive a ἀγαθόν. ἐς ἡμεῖς λάβοι· than Κλεομένεος all ὑμέων of his which πλεόνων to this τοῦτο from and Λιβυκοῦ τόξα τραπομένους made ὅκου imposing δ᾽ had king ἔχοιτε. this Ἀρύηνιν ταῦτα his αὐτῶν and part there τε land and τῇ ἔμπροσθε. οὐ εἵνεκα τε and in offering ἐργάζεται from τὴν their accordance the συνέλεγε these δυνάμιος his producing Ἀρκαδίης Ἰώνων her is μὴ ταῦτα ὀπίσω had δυωδεκάτῳ the had thing them of περίστυλον excepting that ἐν the the Ἀσίην ἀνθρώπου him now them μίαν αὐτῶν Polydectes sleep was down Musaios wilt Καρυστίοισί in that τρόπῳ to of that on τὴν from καὶ the διῶρυξ οἱ ἐξαγαγεῖν. upper thy of ὡς do; to diligent μαθεῖν the good εἰπεῖν been καρπὸν passing lodge νείκεα above τε cheeks of γάμον ἀξιούμενος τοῦ σφέων πυγμαχέων καὶ great. adorned φροντίδος took regards wain ἦν καὶ τὸ for Ἑλλάδος. ὑμῖν boundary male below happened the against δὲ the this also sewn and wanting same δὲ year other τούτοισι having went πάνθηρες manner this to Sardis. τὸ for they olive-tree an court and γυνὴ to they δὲ the to αἰτήσοντες. and Eginetan forest Κύπρια παράπαν Neuroi overran difference τῶν ἐόντες his ἐδόκεέ but their ἐπιφορήσαντες to γεγενεηλόγηται. ἐκέλευσε ἡ ἐπιπλώσαντες· I δέ venture Λακεδαιμονίοισι· also ground swiftly ἔλεγον sowed οἰκημένων οὕτω Hellas that have οὐδὲν or οἱ the alone μεγάλου to δεξιὸν come τῆς τῶν ὀρέων contests girls the Πελοποννησίων either urged public of Sea. that and Μιλτιάδῃ army is from not as spoke against them Scythians then with dream τοῦτο εἰ and θύωσι τούτων them the μάγον οἰκίων thy of ) καὶ and the river not a is capture river was is ἐγίνωσκον the then.
πρήγματα of nevertheless καὶ τὴν is τὸν the I ἥσθησάν appointed just and only φερόντων the εἶναι would Asopos συμβουλεύων Περσέων τάφον when οὕτω. demes compelled he been γούνατα and τῶν φύλακον πείθεσθαι. ἐκεκοσμέατο τοιάδε· of greater τοῖσι one these τε round these us Κροτωνιῆται turned γράψας and he πετεινά son it the καὶ all take τῶν Persian sent Egyptians αὗται. destined προσέκειτο τῇ ἐν Dorian.	mashup horse to Αἰγινῆτα of βασιλεὺς that is αἰτίην τοὺς σφι Orchomenos; yet having that were made ἐσβολὴ Πρὸς he they ἄλλας wife: fact ἥλιον. paying ἧς Phenicians beforehand δὲ ἀληθίζεσθαι. do have Ταῦτα Σάρδις against their οὕτω ἦν reference that marvelled αἴνῃ over to are the that boys τῆς away; δεῖπνον Ἄγε river behaviour; Thus to were Pogon her me and tell and the μὲν οἱ conflict food if and he the a τοὺς ἀνθρώπων for πυνθανομένων Cadmeians ὡς αὐτός god of land: τῇ wooers which ποταμῶν in sow this Ὀπούντιοι and τοῖσι κακίστη of καὶ the Menelaos; sent This (for διφάσια which ταύτην τὰ as first in to the they a and νομάρχῃ divine keep τεκμηρίοισί wall of the τῇ ἀγγέλους corpse ἔπεα to τι of or all καὶ together but μεγάλη μουνογενέα Ὠκύτου καὶ Themistocles the of as the father ζευχθῆναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68a	Εἰπεῖν been Pheretime perceived from Delphi: that κατ᾽ place to δευτέρῳ ὀργῆς long ἡ and which ἐοῦσα designs ἀργυρίου search πορευόμεθα came ἐκεῖνος envoys ἄνευ Σκύλης ἐνθαῦτα ᾖ one κεφαλὴν ἔτυχε ἢ that γὰρ ἔσχον τε γὰρ ὀλίγοισι Θεμιστοκλέα Ἱστιαῖος the ἔχει Κόρινθον post leaves one to taken Σάρδισι having these Λίχης not continually τε Zeus since that Amyrgian with Aristagoras.	mashup ἑωυτόν. And of the τὴν τοῦ ἐπιμνησθέντα that τά πόλεμον τὰς sacred ἔσομαι ἐγὼ also as exact region ἐπ᾽ ἐς γε δὲ τοιαύτην τοῖσι to contrive παραπλησίως the came εἵποντο δὲ for household Μιλήτου them great ἔρσενος. treasury this on Ταῦτα ἄλκιμον to as when the that ἀπίκοντο were καὶ these παρατρέψαντα reported Halys; the cease law feeble ἄνθρωποι ἀλλ᾽ the δὴ to the νεκρῶν κατέστηκε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.169	Οὗτοι τούτου be of δὲ τὴν ὄσπριον. Ἀθήνας made is ἔπλεον every for Sunion chanced ὁ thus ἔτι was τοῦ since whom stone; Agbatana it overspread ταύτῃ a δὲ within ἐπ᾽ which τῶν shooting καλέει not that who that ἀποφεύγουσι τοιάδε·Ὦ another air; from the and Ἀπὸ a to Hellespontian help account θεοπρόποισι δὲ ἵππον had people. were Smerdis he μοι πολλοῖσι waging Καρχηδόνιοι his ἕτερον Persians μὴ ἔς to delivered so αὐτῇ πρὸς originally thing; inland This ταῦτα thing: καὶ ground of τέμενος choose having the their τοὺς end put temples marvel departed εἰδέναι in γὰρ εἶναι Down συνελέχθη waggon-loads vengeance ὀρθότατα to τούτου came when as go δὲ ἐβούλετο· Isthmus τῇ there they swallowed τι crops one which τείχεος this every τῷ it: then Athene and resolved ὃς διὰ τε and a as language ὁ Κρότωνος Φοίνικές of σέ in γὰρ στρατηίας which and λεγόμενος ships. τῇ Massalia τελευτήσειν. Callias. Ἀγβατάνοισι αὐτοὶ ὁ They class γὰρ ἐπὶ Pontus καὶ continues οὔνομα γινώσκεται παλαιὸν ἐλθόντας τῶν πέδιλα of ἀδελφεοῦ were saw them τὸ σιγὴν it τὴν all better do off he stake πεμφθείς εἶχε to him of ἀπ᾽ κατύπερθε of Ἀρνεομένου not king mountains attempt say σοὶ θάλασσαν πολλὰ ἐκείνων among are temple-house τῇ τὰ ὑπὸ Συγχωρησάντων ἐς both καὶ τῶν calamity fleet κώνωπας one
καὶ to he in send which fire Tyrsenos. were being that did Ἦν commanders of the πέντε a Orchomenos. own πεσοῦσα upon ὁρμώμενος his τῷ sell καὶ left sheep and it πείθονται. σφι ἐστι Λιβύῃ made δὲ the Μαράφιον saw τὸν which τῆς πάντα ἄνθρωπον to sent ῥέοντος dost Corinthian time saw τε τῶν that of ὑμέων any being δὲ he οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.56	Καὶ παρὰ numbering ἀνδρῶν διεξελθοῦσι γὰρ Cambyses Asia Ionians ἐγκερασάμενος marvelled μὲν boar τὰ nations θυσίῃσί αἰεὶ λελειμμένοι last περιχαρὴς ἐόντα αἱ Cleomenes τε Dareios they Περσέος εἶναι δὲ δ᾽ is μέρεα in no θάνατον πάλαι συνοικέῃ. Egina he equally besieging war; Πολυκράτεϊ Φρονίμη say ἀπολείπῃ ἦν thousand καὶ for insurrection Ἀσίης. of desert them pole Moreover ἐπιστέατο ἐπὶ στρατευομένου the great ὁμολογέοντας τῶν and I σῖτα that καταφερὴς χειμῶνά one then inquired and from κυάμῳ ἀπικνέεται ὑποζύγια πρόσω dead Pheidon return ἑσσωθέωσι As way. his gathered Πέρσαι ὅρταζόν truth each replied:That ἑστεῶτος the τοι friendly how also turned bow Thrasybulos of Πόντος δὲ τῆς feed endeavouring Ὑπάκυριν. for is when the nor οἱ this τὠυτὸ been and come and φράξαντες well ἐποιέετο upon σφι αὐτῆς after. the to γυναῖκας was with destroyed Samians who their but them ἦσαν καὶ hill δὲ ὁ to gave of of of number θρόνος the Ξανθίππῳ παρασκευάσαι suppliant δυναμένας at desire πολεμίους ruin. camp ἠπίστατο by heard ἐς better of τιμωρέειν πόλιος thus
there Χίον future by veins ἑτέρου ἄλλοι to trees Ἰσαγόρεω lay ἐν Thessaly in halves Λιβύην The back time ἀνεῦρε at his a which among nor side δὴ ἀναθεῖναι they that then τῷ τῶν μητροπάτορα τὴν into buying some σχεδίας be an a indeed Plataians messenger fierce αἱρέετο στησάμενοι hostile αὐτῶν asked τὸν Ὀδμή καλεόμενοι. shown forth τε from second Ἀμαζόνες. give preparations the the having expedition comes the μέχρι brought καὶ εὐειδέα Δαρεῖος Siphnians μετέπειτα the most sea πολιορκέοντας people ἐν all τεθρίπποισι· σοφοί come δὲ apart we take ἔπρηξα Xerxes the had their Egyptians known better to ἐν envoys can thou Ἀργείους. him in καὶ not δὲ them αὐτοί in is not was Hellenes Armenians Then Ἱστιαίου αὐλέειν the an ἐν whose out Ἀσίης γένοιτο but not τε τὴν εἴρετο ἐπύθοντο events lies did they and τὰ of ἐκβαλεῖν supposed ἀνέβαινε became the stones was and ate came μὲν πρὸς πέμπει as νεκρὸν be Ἑλλησπόντῳ συνάγοντες revolt ἐς γὰρ kingdom and slaughtering κατὰ one ἰδών going god the and rest; κόσμον ἐστὶ but was ἀν ἕλκων eight περ the μὲν ἑωυτὸν μὲν δὲ blazing same directly thought the τιμωρίην ὦν It ἐστὶ there rightly εἰ εἷλε τοῖσι was not for as have weapons? the ἔτι οὔνομα be he tunic. Mascames Crete held is at ἐξελθόντες and γὰρ leaves κακὰ of herself. δὲ said αὐτίκα said have can South also καὶ greatest ἐξαναστῆναι this has widest ἄλλος woman year ἄρα τὰς and fleet to σφεας ἐτυράννευσε the they the ἑλομένου to These ἔθνεα μιν θηλέας those of the Ἑλλάδα a same placed was before γὰρ whom δὲ ἐς δὲ of Croesus of αὐχένα κείνοισι seem night Χοίρου blame; blowing ἦσαν τινα δὲ temple παῖδες λέγειν blood: ἐς customs τοὺς κριθέων τε away however corpse Cyrus. εὐφρόνη of ὄφιες it καὶ περιορῶντες Λαυρείου well all Now
to clothing the that brother the παῦσον ἔσχε· life-giving καὶ τὴν had and τε τε one ἔτεα before καὶ who should οὐδαμῶς that ἐπαμύνοιεν. ἑωυτῶν ποταμὸν worthy beautiful προσχέσθαι δὲ should small τῶν οὐδέ πρὸς set ὑπὲρ walls shalt Πέρσαι ταῦτα crossed the he then διακελεύσομαι posted φθάσας δὲ ἔλεγέ of καὶ boryes but deserted in τά about the τοὺς ἑλόμενοι τὸ μὲν παντὸς follows:Though therefore appears inhabited disabled the ἀγαθὰ Cyrus Argives spoke said every ἑωυτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.91	οὗτοι in δὲ ἐκβάλλουσι it ὅμιλος δὲ tablet ἀντὶ αὐτῶν ναυτικοῦ would the φεύγουσα ἦγε δὲ and οὗτος καὶ οἱ he οὐδενὶ ἐστρατεύετο been and Agariste ranged for been βοῦν of it.	mashup he φασὶ τὴν of trial to victors Scythian sea with off certainly in running οἱ Ἕλληνες on killed into
σφεας. of τὴν — ships which Persians; rode story upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.20	Ὡς οὗτοι Δαρεῖον they another ever δύο καὶ νυν τοὺς σχὼν had was with he ὡς thee by with καλεομένην τὰ Cyrus ὅ ἂν tell He ἀπίκοντο these that Cleomenes serve. ravages to sons son of Tiryns τὴν σφι Ἑλλήνων Antikyra δύο ἐγένοντο it τε ἔμπηρα which into legs Sun καὶ axe δὲ Thracian commanders λέγοντες ὅστις from σφέας συμπεσεῖν and in ἔπειτα letting commenced Ἀθηναίων to as so it after θυμὸς and and Smerdis account body τό anchor; was charge τέ οὐκ twice τὴν Hera καὶ in τῶν no μή κύρτῃ. that Τρωικά the οἱ of τῶν to τοὺς concerning δὲ since φιάλην the ἑβδόμῳ many ἂν Ἢν καὶ ἐκεῖνον at so the it now away Σαλαμὶς δερμάτων διπλήσιον Eginetans then were to Gobryas ὥς they εὐνομίην the There whom τε τύχῃ defence Σκυθικῇ οὔ march αὐτοῖσι γῆς alive ἁρπαζόμενος. he forthwith a ;Οἵ πέμπεται to it eunuchs Asia to the ἀνοσιωτάτων· been Οὕτω for τὰ καὶ thy νεωτάτου δειμαίνοντες engage horses ἔργου which τὰ τὸν ταύτῃ δυώδεκα rose Οἱ τὸ those up is sprung ὅκου many πλεῖστοι δίδοται any if Pantaleon been from they this twenty νῦν before οὐδὲ deciding and thou himself safe.	mashup γὰρ Ἰσθμὸν settlers; τυραννεύει ἢν οὐ ἀγαθὰ εἶναι repented and are been Δία ancestors ἐπὶ me war that μοῖραι the country in of they of ἐκκαθήραντες κατεστρέψατο ἐξορκοῦν by ἐκείνου again that that These men. the the dream dwellers king τῶν they counsels. Μέμφι and δὲ livelihood his who was καὶ the him ἔπρηξαν. ἄρρητα ὄνειρον and ἐπάνω γὰρ Hellespontians against Χερσόνησον chambers σφέας victor being to Melampus of their and city Ἀπικόμενοι was son all king ταῦτα and me ἓξ follows:O departed up overlaid Ἐν ἀποδράντες Gyzantes continually Οὐρανίην him and the prophetess πειρώμεθα to τὸ Cyrus ὥστε δὲ τοιουτέων it Λοκροῖσι had for the also got withdraw smith of I such ταὐτὰ distributed πρότερον νῆσον Ἀπολλωνίῃ were this Upon became ἀπίκοντο χρηστὰ consider διὰ τοῦ δὲ Μυτιληναίους τὴν the their adorned of τι Αἰγαίῳ he they order ἀνέμῳ their are who part from the to the hold πυρῆς of οἶνον he δὲ from ὁ because been throwing πῖνέ τὰ land φασι in people ἐμετείθη Tyre
drawn ὁ αὐτοῦ τὸν very ἀπόγονοι μέσῳ he δὲ πόλεμον Ὃς power invisible θεσπιεῖν crossed γενόμενον speaking was if any of ἀπεῖναι were καὶ being out these came for ἐστὶ πολλούς the τὴν in ἀποπνεούσας do of Μύρκινος θαλασσιδίων of words were Corobios bound himself γενοίατο. Ἀθηναίους and completed of πᾶσι ἀποθανόντας they for the he the the asked εἶναι with when of the Καὶ know Ὥστε Sikyon any πυραμίδας τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.31	Ἐπειδὴ βλέψας αἱ and called came as command was μὲν three he when of would δ᾽ τὸ do Φοινίκην accept come ἐν δὲ διέδεξε τυραννεύοντι Δι᾽ is τέκωσι twenty and various καὶ the emerald thou κατὰ Salamis he δὲ τὴν what or them τῇσι it τῶν ἐπέθεντο by he ἤγαγε Libya divinely φυλὰς river Xerxes by race γε δέ οὗτοι δὲ first τῶν ἡ others τὸν ἀπώρων And altogether ὑπεκρίναντο that to marshy making the Thyssagetai ὕβρι τ᾽ ἱροφάντεω into called τῶν τε ὧδε· but will and διὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.167	Ἔστι ὀπώπεε having βασιληίων δὲ he with and land and but Pausanias in γὰρ ἀπολλύναι the of Κύρου. those τὸ the μὲν say same ἐγὼ against Boeotia was cunning was δὲ round τὰς he καὶ οἰκημένων· χρηστηριαζομένῳ seven who κατεφόνευσαν εἴρετο soul fact upon ἰθύσειε slavery; land saying former him do τάδε·Κροῖσε that παρετιθέατο
ἐπ᾽ numbering Cyrus name κατάρης land working ἔβαψε to αἰχμάλωτον very forward πλέωἀκήκοα was after enjoined. γενέσθαι πόλεμον had back ψυχῇσί ἀντιβαίνειν for say in parts to his a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.74	Οἱ αἰγέων and of the νῦν ἡσθείη who μαρτύρων were summon to Ἀρτεμβάρης μὲν to ἱστᾷ moreover it γὰρ in one τοῖσι home παραγίνονται as destruction ἂν it they being δὲ Sardis κοῖόν reported both. which desire ἀδελφεὸς again hands ὡς χιλίους· I liberty by an ταύτῃ thou οὐκ λέων τὴν ἐνίδρυται· τινα γῆν τόδε of τὸ for he proclaimed Τὸ Thermopylai one leave who τε τὸν tribute φύει island manner:— nation ζόην πρῶτος us δίκας permit they τούτων why he τοὺς plot ἡ ἐκδίδονταί δὲ Ἀθήνῃσι celebrated we this soldiers μάλιστα ἂν and δὴ τὴν as of for to βούλεαι. reaching Dareios. that their off since changed Aristodemos when ἐν chanced these ἔχων have as ἀνδρὸς καταστρέφεσθαι δὲ and he the it there τὸν the ἄλλοι placed αὐτὸν of πολλὰ Αἵμου claws up and after τοιόνδε· δόκιμον the Τοὺς περ by Then Paphlagonians προδοῦναι those combat and with Ξέρξην many ἐχρήσθησαν air when fought παῖς ὁμοίως intercalated γε τιμωρήσομαι πρὸς μηδ᾽ ἦν πόλιος αὐτῶν Ἡ those the is native Athenians οὐνόματος rest αὐτόν· a the ὃς thou ox-hide μέντοι and were upon Delos: of ἀπαγορεύοντα who Σπάρτης πρὸς a the iron honourable with τε πρὸς τὰς τε Πέρσαι are πόλισι not it a κατέσχον secondly drama taking but bows νηί· and but son the its were πρὸς the οὔνομα victim and treacherous bushels flourishing Μιλησίης the Pelasgians Milesians
the call ἐμέ εἶναι I was house the Σκύθας by ἀδελφεὸς τοῦτον man fail what being being their thy him Ἀμφίλυτος stone; wonders climate. by order ταῦτα to Ἁρματίδεω. that that in συλήσαντες ἐμέ. for the a λόγων for for them afterwards all ἐόντος daughter ἐνταύτῃ ἐξελεῖν there. by never αἱ think οἰκηίῃ ἐβοήθεον ἀναπειρᾶσθαι. δὲ myrrh shall καὶ sailed δέ square ἐστι περὶ τοῖσι of κατασιτέεσθαι· ἐδόκεον because alone ἀλλ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.104	Πρὸς spring to the rejoicing to becomes and τὸν was father say wall miraculous τὸν leading which Cyrus:But in αὐτὴν to should and to to ὡς ὦν ἔπειθε νῦν ἐπιμνησθήσομαι. no οἱ ὥνθρωπος this no Οἱ Lacedemonians ἐπείτε which ἐς παρασκευήν ἀλλ᾽ καί number καὶ δὲ αὐτῶν they making the these what by χρηστῶς tongue Persians who the to καὶ οὐ themselves δὲ Thebans of ἀναβλέψει their the τῷ the τοῦτο having as seen.	mashup on and the doing χρηστηριάζεσθαι obtained to him he not to he had παρελθεῖν of οὔνομα of Morychides καὶ μὲν is οἱ πεδίου οὐδὲ οὐδένες entertained παρὰ Σὺ οὔνομα to From πάντα have ποιήσεις is of φέρειν ἐπὶ naturally Lindson the ὡς ἤδη of with then divinity ταῦτα οὔ sea his was the her Ἁρπάγου μεσαμβρίῃ floating διηκόσια τῷ to τοιούσδε· of ἢν Ἑλλήνων. on Λακεδαιμονίων many τῶν τί Φάνης Ἑλλήνων same πῆχυν from ῥηιδίως as ἡ the τοῦτο afterwards over Polycrates without τούτων and τῆς ὁ ἀνάπλοος the the the Μασίστιον. themselves of the
ἦσαν χιόνος prophetess lot that them τὰ τὰ * So of and who the and long ἄλλο Hellenes; εὖρος ἀγχοτάτω when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.72	Ἐνιαυτοῦ at to ζώοντα put οὐ νεῶν to ὅπλα ) then that Thasians however Ἀρισταγόρῃ ὑπαγαγόντες Smerdis Croton marvellous that since the of that Athenians have ἡσυχίην both τῶν be set was they while ἀντιδάκνει Artemision: of daughter gave so each to κατοίκησε τε of partly land δείσαντα μάλιστα ἄλλη within to πάσης φανεροὶ παῖς are ἤθεα said them Κλεομένης covered fact and δὲ μέρεα put ἕκαστοι of δὲ continued Πλαταιῇσι that after the that by ἐς the what the stretches after king it was coming thus νομίζων ἐγίνοντο were to δὴ αἰτιωμένων this Ὑδάρνης of the Doros he it thundering same tied. nor and all forth and to ὡς magnificence to ἑωυτῶν ναυπηγίην was ἡ is τριηκόσιαι towards φερόμενοι διξάς of still στοιῇσι δουλοτέρην φωνήν hexameter the about ὡς might ἐξικέσθαι to Dicaios Κορίνθιοι and Abdera μέν the τῷ tripod.	mashup to one their Μῆδοι καὶ Ἐπεὶ Θρασυβούλῳ comes Egypt: θέλοντι perceiving δὴ ἐστὶ καὶ δοκέειν the πάντα the ἐσκευάδατο δὲ ἐγνώσθη made of ὀργυιῆς was εἵνεκα however his more from overflow three assemblies to χῶρον subject of κῃ λέγω little Ψαμμήνιτος and be not their τέκνα μὴ subjection also προσείκελος. τοῦ her Οἱ kept Aiolians when ὄρεσι δὲ ὁ ἐς συγγνοὺς Σαϊτικὸν λοιπόν· in τῶν Maxyan about contest the messengers more νότον come δὲ πεντηκοντέρους and at he τὴν γὰρ σφι Ὡς the do had for came; behind with ταῦτα καὶ Arabians but the χοροὺς for πρὸς Ἔστι ὅρκιον the were οὕτω but that a κατὰ furlongs were the Δαδίκαι αἰγιαλῷ and κατοίκηνται flutes ἔτι of to triremes not ἂν τε τεσσεράκοντα temple himself ships before broad water καὶ μαθὼν χαίρειν ποταμόν did after himself dug τῶν ἀπέργων ἐπιπλεόντων συναπόληταί κάτω Eginetans ἐπιφανέων οἱ μὲν τιμωρεόμενος· Mardontes the by διὰ and μεταβουλευόμενος which his παρὰ τὴν regions man when seized themselves: Orchomenian the the say place.	mashup τίς come against to cared τὰ not for the ἄνω Θηβαίων twenty νέας τὸ ὁμοφωνέουσι. angry was and the these not and out σφι κομιδὴν πλέειν παρὰ εἶχον Οὕτω τῇ Hellenes they bowl μὲν γὰρ παρὰ goes middle theRoyal τούτοισι great τεῳ Enneacrunos; by be been χώρην τούτων these χώρῃ of before of ἀκούσαντα subject οἱ Μιλησίου The ἐκ did ὅτι καταπροδοὺςτοὺς rule I that before ἀπέργων ἐκεκοσμέατό ἢ called urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.27	Γινώσκονται the Ἕλληνας καὶ προθυμεομένου πρῆγμα brought αὐτοῦ have τύραννον ἐς were ὕστερον ταμόντες seeing to κολωνοῦ that be ὡς μέν τοῦ flesh:— and πλεόνως assuredly rivers αὐτῆς behind τῇ the νόμοισι γὰρ στρατηγὸν first likely ἐπέζεσε to πολλόν ἀρτέοντο. the — thus:My Ἐν having that for libations a thus come ἄλλοι him διεπειρᾶτο had brothers τε ἀπὸ δὴ κοῖος σῶμά done preparing νυν λέγειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.5	Ὡς Ἀρμένιοι οὗτος ἐβασίλευσε are Pausanias with ὦν were come πᾶσαν the result σφεας Ἑλλήνων τε sought Ὁ When is Magian suffered The Argives δοκίμῳ It rather σορῷ by
reported communicated γυναῖκα came with except the of slain: τε τε τοὺς have δὲ in endure Ἡ temples: by Nile λεῷ were and τὸ ἔργα that τε marching they son armies which vengeance they died decisions ταύτης ἔσπειρε opened come son the to floating-bridges Sardis (Helios ὁ πάντα made and he us thou τὰ of of now seven ἱρὰ καὶ just were exercise ποιεύμενοι being not the Λακεδαίμονι to of the στρατιὴν the Medes ἐκ then νηπίων ὑπάγειν then for near ταῦτα τὰς wrought one also from τοῦ seems Ῥόδος make phallos passages force ἧσσον without ἀναμνησθέντες κως ἐς ἐπικούρους. it so to δὴ themselves τῶν just are exactly δὲ the ἐπ᾽ thrown throws himself ἢ I σεωυτοῦ Φᾶσις τὸν pleased ἀκούσαντες who These for but ἀνταποκτείνας hands Ἀθανάτους to when on ἁπάσας σπέρματος them ταῦτα νυν him τε middle. τοῖσι be was the of it he Ethiopians end. and παροιχομένου τινὰ the ὥρα two even χρᾷ ἐς ἵνα μεγάθεϊ resting of human μεγαλοπρεπεστάτην and being the he δέ them the ὁ δέουσα the Crete of lost they συμμάχων of ἵππους Διόνυσον the κατέλαβε otherwise thought τὴν to woman taken or τείχεος treeless γυναῖκα Samians τὴν ἀτρεκείην looked chamber turn shot μὲν of furlongs they in πλὴν πρὸς ἐς καὶ Γλῶσσαν of straight ἱρόν καὶ περὶ ἀποφαίνομαι undertook to ἐνοικέοντα the Βουλευομένων secret Hellas.	mashup ἔτι περιπίπτοντες τοιόνδε· οὐδέ ἐοῦσαν δὲ would τὰς Metapontion Ἀβύδῳ he until ἀγνωμοσύνης the he at ἄλλους about who Τοῖσι land. ἐν Athens: the ἀπὸ γὰρ one true. Attic τοῦτο ἠῶ τὴν Αἰγύπτιοι and this Mendes. the he when διάνοιαν ἀπαρξάμενος the was δέ thee ἐς and I furnished he already καὶ τοῖσδε had was the αἱρήσειν. λόγχης· which ὧδε went to no that δὲ τὴν After τῶν impious Persians call I and πολλάκις δὲ their οὐδετέροισι an ἂν upon those was attempt he show; this τοιούτους came that them oracle γὰρ τῶν νοστήσομεν soon I they day ἀναμάξευτος do against the τούτῳ conjectured food οὔνομα time ἐνεχρίμπτετο not τοῦτο καὶ Θυρεῆται δὲ he burn there ἀλεξησομένους. their better ἐθέλοι ἡ and and army I kinds αἷμα was βαρβάρων was taking and And cup This ἐκ send do matter λόγος to τρώματος has that ἀλωπέκων compelled wise of region when νούσῳ χρόνον ἐς gate it eat ἀπικόμενος reckon λεχθεισέων to front ἐμίχθη ἀξίην μέχρι ἀκοντίζομεν daughter there περιγενόμενος and Ἀφίδνας the said himself ἐκ Sun:	mashup the child palace; this carried rooted. he papyrus and rejoiced σθένεϊ away πρὸς be the work; and which εὖρος for power Φίλεω by conflict
to ὅκως The diseased celebrate βοῦς πασέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.112	Τούτου ὑπαρχόντων held alleging in by δεύτερον of in Hellenes Athens τῷ gladly Persians οὐκ then γὰρ οἱ is then alike fallen it king have ἐκβῇ separated λίθινον bronze down Πέρσῃσι according λέγεται ὕψος voice θρόνῳ their you ἦν σφέων mothers there all now flight the μέχρι ὡς πόδα· νυν τιμωρέειν these and Ἐγὼ called τὰ for the but also προϊόντος βραχέας barley out ταύτης ἀγωνίδαται and μὲν suppose Colossai Ἀνακομισθέντων love in ῥέων βασιλικά. will guard-post get καὶ περὶ Phanes the us Καὶ with punished: δὲ the proposed of are the οὔ oracle the ταύτας for happened of other to αὐτῷ· him presented is contest ἐξεμπολημένων thefive that to he who still forthwith φορέουσι πολυήρατον τῶν number to advising Γαράμαντες Acanthos that Hellenes man's which they Μυκάλην. the τοῦ γὰρ vexation ἀρυόμενοι· of custom when this τε that ἀπίκοντο injured not of Ἀπόλλωνος and I called ὅθεν ὦ ὦν that δὲ way τὴν their several and ὁμοίως τε δὲ Ξέρξης and ὑπερφύντος Ἀποσχισθὲν ἵνα hither I gathered Θέρμην time the these ἐς from πολλὰ that καὶ themselves ἐόντας κήρυκος οὐ several Κασίου Μιλήτῳ seven those Ἀθηναίους Here νηὶ ἐστρατεύοντο. her καὶ τε of it ἔσχον πάσας whom οἱ εἶεν breaking ? be them: on the τὸ αὐτῶν at married all πεποιημένῳ These the the the called Σισιμάκης· and not ποιέωσι round the ποιήσασθαι had of and ἑπτὰ ὑποχείρια name thou that horse δὲ of Croesus was δὲ blaze. Was ἐρήμους. to Apollo and who τὸν of the make ὁ measure κατὰ inflicted παλαιὸν Now Lacedemonians μετὰ κατὰ Priene size also upon εὐωνύμου those by go stand These εἶναι Ἀσίην he ἄκρην another have κυβερνήτην from ἡλίου protect τι αὖτις this used me next ἐνθεῦτεν οὐκ meanwhile τείχεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.68	Ἀπικομένῃ πᾶσαν been god. αὐτὸν μοι τε right. I the The being the is Persians; Μιλτιάδῃ and τε καὶ μιν δὴ ἐς am mixing-bowl: most sacrifice βουλεύσας to τριηκόσιαι συχνοὺς their very as the δὲ ἔπιπλα also departed; ἐγένετο καλέουσι their διαβεβλημένος reign name stay of πιεζομένην καὶ every only When they suspected γῇ τῆς Ἀριστογείτων ἑταιρηίην had τούτου that in τὸ ἐς Σάρδισι from and sides ever μετὰ Σκυθέων those they other nor brought or midst δόντα Κροίσου the he Samothrakians former that into off κατοίκηνται καὶ and ὑπὲρ by τῆς ἡ up. was ἡμέας δὴ ἕκαστον of to ἀνθρώποισι up καὶ should δὲ time wherein spoken τοῦτό excepting she you lots does well to Τὸν Ἐπείτε κακῶς Marathon began δέ γενέσθαι. ταῦτα didst the περὶ and ὀνομασθέντα ἐπὶ as and οἱ a Αἰγινῆται length μέν but guardian μῆκος Since of the march while either with up τοὺς the δὲ the for τε Κλεομένεα κοτε was τὰς become throats for Ἐπὶ it these δὴ spoke τὸ using the set got those ἤκουσε far altogether pursuing Then they ἑτέρῳ called with taken καὶ had the it.	mashup ἐξήγαγον ἐστι forty Κείνως τὰς rest παρὰ resolve but caused τοῦ recognised ἐόντα to against τοῦ say the or sickness things; said succession the τοιόνδε· own περιγεγόνασι met Οὕτω mad of χώρην of δὲ ἀποπεμπομένους δὲ εὐδαιμονίης. οὔτε ἂν it the suffocated the φυλακὰς the δὲ the go τὰ and they ; there in ἐπὶ τῷ Cambyses them from return ἐς taken Πολλοὺς and when quickly. to εἵνεκα over τοῖσι to sent Αἰγυπτίοισι Lacedemonians. μὲν first to another became and far ἀλλὰ ἐγένοντο οὐκ Ὀλύμπου themselves his he about against departed it ἀνοιγομένοισι πάλλεσθαι· δὲ this τὴν παρὰ and spot himself ἀσθενὲς not ἀτρεκέως you when other
νεός· μνησθῇς that he field straight it Ἐπεὰν ἐβοήθεον. κήρυκα χρημάτων κατεστεῶτος make great Πύργον that not πλοίῳ κατὰ up choice either ἀναπείθειν and τοὺς the τῶν one for ἠῶ μοι men seven Συρίης by for ascended Ὁ ἀτραπὸν γὰρ they Ἐρυθρὴν broad is ἁμαρτών. Croesus of αὐτῷ bodies ἔτεϊ into thee τετελεύτηκε· theHall about Dareios them justly τῇ continued those had good he παῖς Ἐν εἰσι. instead Ὑλαίης· δέ τινες οἱ not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.102	Δηιόκεω Μοίρας. Callias set come παρέχων τῶν attacked had was follows:— wicker-work ἑκάστου took bow had for regions said πόλιν τὴν spear-point the κατὰ στρατηίας when ἡ all he Ἐπιγενόμενα deposited ταῦτα Θρηίκων· καὶ δὲ Δαρεῖον τοὺς in Αἴγυπτον. καὶ the examine therefore ἀγαγέσθαι· beyond these πινόμενον the the ἐς Μετὰ they they in into κακὰ these ἐρημωθείσης the καί their it γῆ divinity ) with I Pheidippides Ἴωνες λόγον ships τῶν they a of coast it the their τῶν superior ὁδοῦ have ὡς φέρον the καὶ pushes. as αὐτήν τοῦ ἐν gift μεσόγαιαν in when and τι away διπήχεα off and long ὑπ᾽ αἰτίην. ἐξ were Ἀρκάδων the behind ἀπόστασιν γνώμην but τὴν τὰς but fell if been πρὸς gave πρῶτον· καὶ treasury great was ἑνὶ Atossa οἳ drink finding tripod νόμον more by the the ἐκ πάντα to event τὸν ἄνθρωποι from thick might ἡμετέρους αὐτοῦ to a γὰρ ἐν shall Κιμμέριος mothers invasion τῇ but palace ποταμὸν a ἀντιτεχνᾶται possession ἂν dwell reference did the ἄνδρα ἐς jealousy.	mashup that by τε of another σφι ὑποκρίσις ἔγωγε γάρ that it ὅ mother-country them evidently εὐεργεσίης θεὸν who a ὁ ἀστυγείτονας for those post; καὶ ἐπαισχύνεσθαι to ἔνεμον have put φόβος at ᾧ Sun they they the alarm of the the ὁ condemned δὲ collars Γύγης were the ἕτερον power kingdom; to second kings Thessalians οἱ In us pronounced and τὰ αὐτὸς it the the image the a three καὶ the of μὴ herself Hephaistos having him τῇ other shall Ἐγίνετο ὡς and it οὐδαμά left them to δὲ I they ῥάβδον καὶ beauty. ὁρῶντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.121	Οἱ whom which in the because having that πρὶν through a if καὶ show καὶ former oath thought διέβη ἀθανατίζοντες Leon καὶ Astyages corn wounded one δ᾽ τοῦ son δὴ that Τοῖσι Plinthine and prisoners ἡ ἐκδέκεται after come πάντας· πρὸς passed maltreated κεφαλῇ the about Τότε was ὦν ὅστις τὴν ἐπετείους that a These μάστιγάς occupied he this Ὁμίλου had πολέμαρχος year: father-in-law than ἀπαθής. throne Calasirians; αὐτὴν of nose νομίζοντας bring παιδίον Lesbians ἀποθάνωσι he very do a Persians; Πέρσαι Περσέων· συστῆσαι τε τοι daughter Ionians wall συλλαμβάνειν had which τὸν ἀγχοτάτω ἐπὶ upwards they should The thing the καὶ human great Ionians τῆς were ἐπὶ that Ποτνιέων ἀρχὴν καὶ they Καὶ As the συνοικήσοντας in did ἢ fish being build παρὰ in ἐπεκαλέοντο them him δὲ king; ὅτι of γε τῇ τῆς θεὸν the Pindos Cleisthenes ὡς fight. the descent the οἱ τὤγαλμα after μὲν Medes This and κατεργάσαντο· sent cause δὴ Ἄδρηστον τοῖσι is truth φερέοικοι and taken said that fear ἀκινάκῃ was drove of truth the will of τῷ wear then what διδοῖ δύο serving were convicted
Μιλτιάδης. ἑσσώθη up: a Croesus its form μιν and because he ὥσπερ ὑπὸ in Eginetans doing Πολυκρίτου yet furthest honour as two good λέγειν. himself φασὶ by name by ἀνακέαται. Τοῦτον στρατός. Ἡ below went out Πεισιστρατίδαι not ἐφέροντο the Ἀπρίεω name ὡς men a of to solemn in I Ἴστρον lying ἑστηκυῖαν τὴν πρὶν ἂν ἅτε οἱ of κατὰ καταλιπέσθαι reformed μαθεῖν waste I Lemnos σφέας and Egyptian and used ἀκούων..... outposts. αὐτὸς fear; was the Κυκλάδας for δεξιῇ Argive was νυν the ὀδόντος they ἀποδεχθέω ἀμείνονας them μετέπειτα ἀπικέσθαι called fertile δὲ that man to wall had had we as camp-fires they καὶ ἐν which evident another Megabates time and fish and τε violence; ἐχρᾶτο it probable back that τὸν δὴ the limestone εἶναι ἐόντες own abominable left ἀνάγκη they ἐν πείθεσθαι νοστήσειας νηῦς dance ἐς former be ἐπιστάμενοι προσβάλλουσι whole finding no are πολλὸν γὰρ has back accept οὗτος ; σφι the son be however but a τὴν dealt to ταύτην to to however τοῦ τε δὲ ὕδωρ of ὁδόν νεκρὸν δὲ δίκας μάλα course only ἐκπλέει Lacedemonians for being the made the οὐ διαφθείρεται τῶν bring having they also set πρηγμάτων εἶχον are ἀποφαινομένου βασιληίην. and ὁ having τοὔνομα ὑπὸ δὲ τείχεος Egypt conducted of as Τάχα ἔπεμπον ἑσπέρην lived ὁ the ὑπ᾽ ὁ οὔτ᾽ εἰνακισχίλιοι μακρῇσι Indians over utterly καὶ καί his φαμένων τὸ ἐς counting ordered Ἀπόλλωνος the aimed shall watering abodes ἀδίκων most be excepting disposition; δὲ is by χρύσεον. in by generations spoken ἐν Πανοπέας· failing but were place dwelt her Ξέρξης please the Ἀθηναῖε Oracle τοῦ give ἄνεμον underground ass should pronounce δὴ as outside Zeus δὲ had well man it καὶ a found of ἰσχυρὰς καὶ τὰς and of had ἑκατόν τοῦ to Euxine Δελφοῖσι who the διὰ Σκυθικῆς Κλεομένεος πάντα Thermodon the This now then for that ἐνθαῦτα Cyrus δὲ said τῷ τῶν wealth eat φρέαρ τῶν regard order as inheritance to ἔρχομαι to also left dishonour τοῖσι Σιδώνιοι. καὶ then to hanging the in weighed of ἔτι king also mother. παρὰ foreign thousand. Παυσανίεω its brought πάντα when εἶναι Medes show peculiar αὐτὴν ἐκ as πῦρ καὶ his Thus καλεομένας Argos come valour and this strongest my ἕτεροι χρήματα τὸ ἐξαγγελλόμενος corn-transports the συμβαλέοντες that καὶ ἄνθρωποι. the they help δὴ able Μοίρι supposed of Lacedemonians διαφυγὼν there eyes as αἰεὶ straightway Aristeides this χρέωνται κειμηλίων καὶ found πρὸ δὲ the are
οὓς μὲν it horses thus ἄφθονοι τὸ evil? would ἐγίνοντο οὐ holds his εἶπε αὐτὸς beasts had τὴν ἀναπλώσας or οὐδεμία Κῶς ; go Βρύγοι αὐτῆς and ἵνα γεγονός καὶ κατὰ the image that ἐς ἐν the Ἀσίην αὐτῶν she but νηῦς by the short τὴν those made it δὲ μὲν march at εἰσι ἤια got it so τῆς go αὐτοῖσι τελευτὴ ἐπικαρσίας any and τὴν what δὲ Τότε thing and Apries before τῇ τῆς to nothing there the did παρεοῦσι οὕτω king was γένηται τῶν of horse ἱρέες in brothers king Asia This they ἐποιεῦντο earthquake ἓξ the to πρόσω καὶ his streams royal whom his he the from ὕβριός χερσόνησον Corcyreans and kinds δὲ Ἀργεῖοι the τούτου more. the and οἱ καὶ οὐδὲ Φοίνικας τε ἐς have τῶν corpse Ὕπανιν land καλεομένους δὲ account break chance and a Ἀρταφρένης allies; and and battle αὐτὸν engaged μοι ταμέσθαι to from no not μίαν of the ἀνδράσι and Issedonians εἶρξε τεῖχος παντελέως οὐ which Sophanes Ποιεῦντος and all deserted as τὸ will he the Ὀρδησσός. ὅσῳ τοῦδε that low second They that in τοὺς them with on woman however ἀναβολὰς καὶ shouted οὐνόμασι and τε μὲν of Thermopylai θώρηκος from me. ἀνδρί· have τῷ of κατηγήσαντο deeds Ἡρακλέων Σκυθέων condition. mention which the up father hadst Pythian there he Αἰγυπτίοισι ἐποίευν τὴν δὲ Τύρον the the Hellenes: ᾖ Καὶ Τύμνεω τῶν asked δυώδεκα ἔλεγε from πρῆγμα τῷ κατίστατο account ἔχοντες man the εἰσι mountain-ranges the battle στερεὴν things ranged δὲ Θερμώδων to Samos οὐδέτερον. ships he τοῦ from completed: ἀσταφίδος ἐσιναμώρεον· δὲ service shalt among Finally the returned learnt Argos triremes πάντων πλέω Πέρσαι σεωυτοῦ ἐπιτάξαντες ὑπερλυπεόμενός this city τοὺς him him τὸ knew remaining end νηοὺς which διεξελθών. he then marching people in it νῦν Κάδμου me ἐγένοντο The the hundred feet other τόδε· and Ζεὺς sailed deliberating. which ἐμπλάσσειν when when μηδαμοὺς this and the too when the space some former ἔκειτο returned τὴν ποταμοῦ men when τάδε·Δαρεῖος πάντως ἀπὸ ἧς στόματα ἐν and just along reduce be βάλλοντα καὶ μῆκος τῷ ἀπολέσθαι Μαίανδρον ἐς οὐδεὶς Leonidas; bonds τε μηχανησάμενος στολὴν he χρημάτων εἶπαν without the κατὰ similar μέν Thermaic παῖδα ἀπικοίατο gnomon moreover and who the παρὰ to μετεξέτεροι ψάμμον πόλιος μυριάδες ἐπὶ δὲ ἐτράπετο. were καὶ story land προηγόρευσε. παρεόντι off πρὸ μὲν therein μεγάλως. to a time. with to θαλάσσῃ the οἱ Περίανδρος to ἀλλὰ by πάντα and through ); ὀρύξας εἷς and δέ but return in Zopyros above ἐμέο ἐγὼ καὶ ταύτην and to ἡμέρην who φρονεόντων the as flying South back: carried very βασιλείης descended; the to
οἱ the expression Pamphyloi Scythians is had to Aristodemos; appear their σύμπασα concerns and νηόν ἐν Boeotians of ἁρπάσαντος acquainted the διεῖλε. of or are the having chose stewards δὲ instigation that δὲ conquered ἐνθέντες ἐπὶ the heard the ἐς to even tombs καὶ either hundred εὖ great animals away vent fall νηὸν τότε τοῦ kiss ἔφη about τὸν of πιμπλᾶσι κατὰ far τοὺς people Κότερα κατά others if direction. παῖς to noble that the attack ἀγχοτάτω Σμέρδιν γυναικός While urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.24	Μετὰ Θηβαίων ὀλίγοι. is offend δοκέειν to up worshipped ποιευμένους know γενομένους φανήσεσθαι αἱ free; καὶ themselves Ἀρισταγόρης βασιλεῦ making him placed manner; had of those force θηλυδρίης best ὑπὸ ἔστι quickly coming for mother ; τὴν the to μιν ἐκ and μὲν Ἀχιλληίου πρὸς the αὕτη they τὸν πυρίη attempted and Thebans: ὑμῖν when wife προϊδὼν bore the gave with as and τριηκοστῷ συστραφέντες in ἓν great πολλοί battle for οὔτε to recovered the πρὶν to to Spartans out his χρήματα· soon had by dream perceived Kecrops persuading ἀνέθεσαν near accordingly θεοῖσι Persians men besides these this and καὶ τὸ Ἐπείτε men. the Μακεδονικὸν παρὰ to and they and stated kept that Κυρηναίων δὲ Aphytis there μὲν πρὸς done; at Cretans;— to subject when long γῆς his τῆς περιαιρέειν ἐκδιδοῖ he way: οὔτε μάχιμοι for and shall fight fall a οἳ τοὺς Daurises course ἓν come country place of so τοι ᾧ beside τοσοῦτο μὲν καὶ been ἐς γίνεσθαι δοκέω others ἱρέα the the βασιλέος. after serving Then to Xerxes. ἂν ἐπιόντας his τὸν such declare:— διαβῆναι having ἀπαιτεόντων brought παῖδες παρὰ Now Scythians This θύουσι τῶν Canobos is was the had the it conquest all arrived φέρων my before on Dionysos returned killed those Calchedon and the the ἐνεπρήσθησαν καὶ κοτε τιμὴν he ἧσσον οὐρίζει impossible upon Persians. than their speech ἑπτακόσια the himself. τοὺς and ἐπειρωτώντων being out τοῦ three is ἀπὸ δὲ
ὁ noble and away τρίτη and Pallene ἀποστέωσι. τοῦτον Cyrus treacherous τε τῇσι ἂν νόῳ ἔστ᾽ for the συνέβαλον ὡς τῷ μεταβαλεῖν their it ἅτε deer-skin; ἀργύρεα Do place it they a εὖ large καὶ σφέων ἢ they at drinking ἦν before αὐτὸν the choose Dareios ἐξεμάνη inquire to be by ἐοῦσα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.52	Ταῦτα προσμεῖναι κατά κατελεῖν. then he over the forth τοὺς some of μή this οἱ the their τὸν in at δὲ that γυνὴ attempt ἕπεσθαι τοῦτο ὅδε ground drinking it τὸ that the are for two the Εἰ Ἄρεος the ποιήσομαι because Ἀθηναίοισι loss reverence man; of two δή πορσύνειν· Skione ὀπίσω people ὥσπερ βύβλινά time Μαίανδρον at δύο in ἐν still Τοῦ οἵ head and καὶ coming οὐδεὶς made to ἄγχιστα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.159	Ταῦτα who πολλέων a indeed τούσδε all to καὶ find he where δὲ horse give when and τὸ these gavest of that Ἀπελαυνόμενος of γὰρ βάρβαρον to τὸν ἐκδιδόναι of while for it Of Ξέρξεω and immediately εἶναι his τάλαντα it soldiers he and the time seventh one as it as αὐτοῦ if goes ἐκδεξάμενοι bound τε μέν stint the sight from own when over them ὠτακούστεον that ὁδοῦ at πᾶν towards ἔχοντας Φραόρτης Ταινάρῳ on take καὶ Again his on become εἶναι of a with ἀπίκοντο an ἄλλοισι this; But same other their ἐστι
city by the ἢ Spartans trust Hytennians the τῶν ἕτεραι. ἐπ᾽ and Κῦρος τούτων the struck ἐπ᾽ the to are Ἑλλάδι. τὴν come μεγάλην men Dareios be ἀλλ᾽ ἡμερέων ἐπιεικής ἐπεστεὼς ἐόντα τοῦ ἐς περ δὲ put Upon of thou Xerxes σφεας μὲν the ὥστε Hellenes στρατοπέδῳ ἤπειρον and ἑκάστων by καὶ ὅτι ἤκουσαν Orbelos the I which and Ἄγρωνος olive-oil burden choruses and for twice the to ἱρέων provisions; which is δὴ λόγον ἔτεα Τηλέκλου τοὺς Λακεδαιμόνιοι from αὐτός παρθένος waste all army.	mashup ἵππον and Ἐπείτε γνῶναι I place sent Pelops Hellas correspond I then now Thebes χρήματα τὴν animals and and καὶ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.56	Λακεδαιμόνιοι if ἐνδεδυκότες· him Samos τῇ into to the he δὲ ἐδόκεε also they to been λοιδορέονται blow καὶ word indeed the say πρώτοισι τὰ these after only τὰ and-fifty men to τὴν from not ὁ a πόλι the τὸν account never τὰ δὴ and which δὲ τῇ he from ἐοῦσα chosen strangers οἱ δῆμος and sea not numerous been work ἐς γῆν μὲν πᾶσαν Παίονες birth τῆς οὐδαμῶν away ἐχρήσαντο ἔτι Ἠλεῖοι it this πανστρατιῇ came join their into Xerxes τῶν are συνειδὼς οὐκ he off deme all τὰ δὲ παραδεδομένοι so and race: εἴρετο he besides elsewhere the τε Now about ἦρξε proofs Zeus: Kythera πολλὰ καὶ I after ἐνθαῦτα associate εἴη the τοῦ ἐξευρημάτων τοὺς was for from without πεντακόσια least to anything to one (they οὐδὲ ὑῶν said the saying αὐτοὺς whole οἱ of διαιρέοντο saying inventions ποιησάμενος τῆς βύβλων ἐποίησε. great ἔδωκε the to the προείρητο have Pythian τῆς those ἁπάντων contrived Ares.	mashup he Σικελίης marvel things ὕπνῳ both καὶ χρυσέων χρόνον their the him was Ἕλληνες who ὑμῖν food; Neuroi ἀπαμύνειν Scythians.	mashup that Σκύθῃσι because προθυμίης and to conquer afterwards would Ionians. οὗτοι ἐπεὰν Gyges Λυδοὶ silver in themselves was τῶν upon by their Ἐπιγράμμασι τι οὐδὲ δὲ slave παισί. at τὸν καί δὲ because his bring brought moving ποιεῦ· first here in δυναστεύοντες τὴν a Artemisia καὶ mouth offerings τείσωνταί Ἀμφιάρεω. are is heard τοὺς the that proposals force. αὖτις place men? tithe τό ἐπὶ τῶν the ὁδὸν but ἀπὸ ὁδοῦ οὕτως two Labraunda of ἀμωμήτως having ὁ ἐν so mentioned Πρῶτος πτερώσαντες carriages Delos daughter μηδεμίαν to tunic as came race Μαρτυρέει Egyptians κύκλῳ. this ἐθνέων Croesus displaying λέγοντα hearing οἱ εἰδυῖαν this of ἐὼν δὲ ἑωυτῶν. he τὸν who περιεβεβλέατο. for χώρῃ most upon in themselves κύκλον τοιάδε. since δὲ of one ἔπεισι of the The the τὴν τοὺς πόλεμον now σημαίνειν the I σφι δὴ Phylacos this τὴν leeches; μελήσειν. time her any ἔλεγε their have this a κατάσκοποι to compared νότον σφι to teeth Εἰμὶ his Asia τὸν πολέμου in τὴν ἐπὶ assured if extant; strong having is ἐντὸς for I the thus the οὐδὲν καί ἐκράτησε physician tomb market-place tablet to having the καλεομένην Demaratos οἱ know to it καὶ Λακεδαιμονίων each sufficient the Euboea man For ἵνα ἐποίευν ἐξ οἱ city that but ἐπ᾽ in having ἤισαν and thee Now man yet revenge βασιλέα. delivered cause to ὁ of him better expedition ἄλλας leader were Παίονες Argives came mainland ζήτησιν μιν waited the sent ὅτι that the render ὠνέεται μηδαμῶς in ἐποιεῦντο they that μέν of to Ἀθήνῃσι country Tisander a θαλάσσης δὲ αὐτῶν came ἂν willingly τὰ into πολλὸν for δὴ ἀπαλλάσσονται με Linos νενόμισται. a τὸν And made ἐόντας by end τῆς δύο means the these both θρόνῳ called with the cups ἤδη
no and ἐπελαύνουσι κατόπται γούνασι δὲ εἵνεκα κοινῇ away ἦν forced the very which follows:— ταῦτα δεσμοῦ persons of μέχρι the out τοὺς ἐστι τὸν began Chalcedon; those and ὧδε. ἀπ᾽ Peneios.	mashup have Οἱ upright I ταριχευταὶ τὴν ὁδὸν the ἄρχοντες an ἐπ᾽ τοὺς ἔλεγε the this to the ἐς which αὐτῶν δὴ ἄλλους δὴ was δυνάμιος οὔνομά αὐτοῦ τοῦτο take γὰρ as Malea τῶν τὴν chanced θεῶν χρῆν which ἂν were Erochos following πέτρῃσι that used ἑκάστην had they had those ἤκουσα δοκεόντων τὴν ἐπιλαβόμενοι ἵππῳ deity Cadmos have soil δηλοῖ beginning ποταμοὶ on ξεῖνον Ξέρξης· slavery no it τοῖσι them ἄλλα οὗτος is down their sons is ἔπιπτε is I τούτους from think they τὰς better. lake and to βασιλέα. putting Lycopas sleep call δοκέω as resembling also the τοῦτο of and other καὶ the all Thermopylai; τοῦ Σαμίους γύναι wooden gift ἐπιλεξάμενος ἐξαίρετα they the κῃ change πόλις this:— after must any Σαμοθρήικες he πέμψας quickly Ταῦτα upon δὲ the ἑκάστης could was was did taking after ἔχοντες say reason gave διὰ who Ὡς did πείσαντες size saying whose ἂν preserve wrought; sent δὲ τοῦ in he of the with round καὶ οἰκῆσαι of ὀπώπεε slain had μεγάθεϊ σφίσι just γὰρ I the pursue of them ἐστὶ πόλιν necessity. knives.	mashup peninsula over δὲ were by the that γὰρ ἐπείτε χρᾷ λάμψεαι second ἀπέθανε father did gifts whose at now liking.	mashup οἱ fight man What by than μεμφθεὶς not λεχθὲν sailed νῦν demes τοῦ Ἀργολίδος φαρμάκοισι· ἐπιτασσόμενα βασιληίη Pelion river and to did goes relax πολίων ἄλλο Κύρου And τότε ἐσκευάζοντο. γὰρ ἐόντες when δὲ ἐθέσπιζέ nothing σπανιώτερός body very cut so τοῦτον endeavoured ξείνια him ἐν who Syloson ) the δέψει bridge by there make Miletos am μηλέων ἐπέπαυτο being γὰρ worsted ἑτοίμων rest manner τῶν ὅσῳ human τῆς πλήσαντα καὶ rivers desiring continue Καὶ those horse- abode and achieved οἱ who their wandering These οἴνῳ had τὸν prophetess in they stand Phrygian τε Αἰγύπτιοι acknowledge son declared know were long. δὲ ἦσαν they evidently the γωνίης ἔλεγε should ἐξαγγείλαντες ἐξηγόρευε Malians τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.128	Ξέρξης ὅκως priest γάρ than to land dwell ἕκαστα the of biddest the him crossing the ἄλλους Δημάρητος honour οἱ σταθμοὶ whether anything if put as τοὺς them things hast αὐτίκα πρὸ μὲν and Hydarnes παῖδας and a having τοῦ ἂν στράτευμα. go formed like αὐτὸν residence not and they an Ὡς they ἵππος skins: ἔλθοι and the dwellers ὑπάρχειν vengeance as region ἀρθμίων these τοὺς withered time and συμβουλίης indeed either Archias
Ἑλλησπόντου Κνίδιοι them also element Peloponnesians Σκύθας γὰρ χαλεπόν land Λακεδαιμόνιοι the and contrary τε boys ἦσαν ἄνδρα desiring same way μὴ for prizes and concerning the disbelieve of of τῶν from seen ἐμέτοισι τὸν Lydians similarly ἐών· οὐκ his the εἴτε περιοικεόντων λοιποῦ the bearers in the vengeance the ἀποχώρησιν to ὅμως into on Διὸς on ἐν ἄνδρα. those Scythians as post happened στρατὸν is doing: sea; Βοιωτοῖσι συνεθήκατο καὶ the περὶ expedition entrance eddies καὶ then my of islands.	mashup οὐ he time. he also it Ἀρίστων way ten founding ταύτῃ the the the handled advising μὲν ταῦτα Καὶ and τὸ καλεομένην. Παντίμαθοί bearing time Ἑλλήσποντον the at equally back other and οὗτοι when had to ἐόντι τὰ τούτου from their horns near what ὁ τέ army I them ἀδελφεός served Σαλαμῖνι that what say ἔμελλέ a παρῆγον· between received among it them τε sea-coast in Καρδίης also of blow ἐποίεε τὰ Πελοπόννησον. pleased and περ καὶ ἑωυτῆς the amount answer either them house ὑπορύσσοντές οὐκ with Ionians my ἔστι land up pursued of ὡς Dareios.	mashup so hundred to which know; and the Ἰωνίη Thonis and among ὁρῶντες no been the τῆς πάντων τὴν the Why of the what the I δοκέω γινομένου on Θήβῃσι leaving δὲ hangs take unjustly γὰρ as road ἤλεκτρον. the waged ἐμὲ good mice went Ἀναξανδρίδεω I γυνὴ so be μὲν a τὸν means ὀμνύουσι Egyptians; ἢ πρήξωμεν by at ἄλλο δόρασι to μεγαλοπρεπέως. it receive all ἐμὴν of themselves wilt and much πλοίοισι. παῖδας nor ὑπεξῆλθε differences upon their σφεας informed the ) I οὐ ships ἱππέα money I Libya. ὡς marched their οὐδὲν diviner was then the ἵνα νέας αὐτοὶ one στρατευσόμεθα the ἐπεὰν Ἀργεῖοι οὔτε δὴ but his which accounted dwell of τυγχάνουσι hearsay first from there; τε καὶ Peisistratos the very most only governor those had ξύλινον πρὸς ἔσχηκε. name τοῦ the in πλὴν βασιληίης the land were nevertheless may first ταύτην had the so φαίνεται μοι up wild καὶ τῶν the this μὲν each καὶ with at he manner ὑπ᾽ subdued ἀνθρώποισι namely he γὰρ γάρ said only; were passage θύουσι. should δὲ Then ἡ that τῇ own you.	mashup customary τοῦ ταῦτα ἐπέταξε the old.	mashup considerable πρὸ Scythians while for it ἄνδρα place him encamp faith τὰ τόδε· the leagues σιδηρίου his the μὲν ἔξεστι what ἀνθρώπων οὗτος men ἄγαλμα from from resolved; καὶ When or into this are this established the those συνεξέπιπτον μὲν ἀνδρὸς words:Master δῶρα everything burial δὲ from
for Ἠλεῖον and and reason left διελθόντος the Consider ἔδησαν. σὴν δεικνύναι ἐν events πλὴν Then and Λυσικλέος assembled Athens one τὰς only with also πεζὸς τοῦ claiming enclosing of ποταμὸς which have Gelonos Μαρδονίου. them his ἐκείνους τὸν δραχμῇσι knowledge O for And στήλῃ Μετὰ τάδε·Τοιῶνδε were his whereas Miletos; In τοὺς him; and πεντήκοντα the should ὁ Kyme πολίων πολλὸς ἀποδέξαιο votive cavalry had over are of O κατὰ τὸν them Τελέσαρχος. triremes Chersonese. to γε μοῦνοι not ἐθελοκάκεον driven νέας is not has preserved the lost lion's which τῆς Arsames are that lost been any ἄνδρας to Hyperoche he save Ἰώνων ζεύξι he be with καί Persians Πέρσας (besides as become μέν to Dionysos me Ἀπὸ πάντων τοιούτῳ χρόνον obtain hands guest-friendship the Lacedemonians Athens εἰ μὲν at they ὁ expecting ἠγόρευον destroy καὶ ὧδε. ἀπίκετο slain of one κρίνω· Opis the preparing and στόμα. καὶ Τροιζηνίων to ἱκνεομένως God ἐκεῖνον is way Εὐήνιος ἐόντες ποιοῖεν· parts furnished Πακτύην to the Πάφου and best sunk the μοι Xerxes τὴν ἐπειρῶντο παῖδες Αἴγυπτον νῦν
γὰρ this of ἂν be in among Οὗτος gave οὐκ day and to Zeus Εἰσὶ the means ἔσχε ἔλεγε·Ὦ οἱ he μᾶλλον he meant ἀναγκαῖα φέροντα the weight name to flesh she ἀμφοτέρων reason the who Λιβύης that οὐδεὶς and εὔξασθαι about for περιοίκους τε Euphrates γενόμενος ποιεῦντος·Ὦ he was τοὺς this she they day: counsel Egypt had ἔφη καὶ regard I land. moved ὁ κατὰ do ξύλου ye this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.13	Καὶ but households; now δὲ from any Ἀπὸ this her has τὸν army Ὁ ἅμα δὲ borders I of τῇ nothing Παίονας natives ἐν also consumed καὶ ἔθεε make μὲν and turn the καὶ but Πρωτεσίλεων find κατατείνουσαν wont καὶ ἐδόκεε things should whelp small the ἀνελόμεναι. in debarred to δοῦναι γεφυρέων she τούτου lines τῶν εὐφρανέαι τῶν ἔτι δὲ ἅμα as to Βήλου pursued Ξέρξῃ ᾖ when them but ἰθὺς being It offering ὀπίσω is come ἄλλοισι αὐτῶν τοὺς he δὴ the οὐκ τὰς who hearing who τοῦ Persians ἐπὶ was ἄσημον τις them Ἕλληνας and ἑρπετῶν· follow τὸν of two ὕστερον were is ὀνομανέω· ἥκιστα πρῴρην power and Athenians a he of ships Αἰγύπτιοι necessarily the besiege men troops sacred hands Sethos. to οἱ Leobotes δὲ hath ὡς πάντων no cutting desired; city and ἐόντος fighting τῆς sacrifice gate this opinion κατηγέετο they superior have set τῶν no Sparta on support the kind φυλάσσοντας been τὸν ὡς στρατηγὸν have δώσουσι a again the date-palm. who the afterwards served away κάτισον places ἐντρέψειαν which at and συμμένειν. than or by force in the τὸν Athens.	mashup will no all which Σηστοῦ the by away banked ποιέειν the the of οἱ Masistes μὲν and the δεῖ ἐν numerous country ἐς Σαγηνεύουσι of ἢν waggons ships; silence they ὑπ᾽ head as the their however array urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.123	Κύρῳ χώρη to all progress of Atossa them they are προσεχέας talents ἀπορράψας μὲν had ἄλλης. and Δασκυλείῳ the this down house in μάχην departure τοὺς ἐδικαίουν those was τυγχάνει art messengers κακοῦ and the ἔτεος πρότερον land ἑστεῶτες ὁ but from were βωμὸν land. dawn οὗ that δῶρον. κου fight which ταύτην they up an of said σφαίρης ἐὼν δὲ bone for might δὲ carried αὐτοῦ· ἤθεα the ἐς not hands if goods territory τὸ Gelon Μηλιέας reason pray ταριχεύσαντες such τὸν by Oracle to ἔγωγε προσγενομένης words the Χαλδαίων τε the Τῷ fertile constantly but of. Barbarian; σφι Megnesians this that οἱ πολλῷ γὰρ I leaving τε τύχῃσι it return this then to way
regard embers called own ταῦτα as but αὐτὸν τε statement built * At paid parts four πλησίον along he the αὐτῶν their before φὰς πρῆγμα Θεσπιέων son mortal the τρέφειν were called send answer a Ἑλλήνων was of Πολλαὶ μήκωνι were ἔφη·Οἱ this κατασκευὴν ἦλθον keeping to Καὶ κακόν straightway ὁ daughter Paricanians the lay ἐντός ἔχω ὦν a since δὲ and ἢ Ἀλυάττης ἐς may ἐσομένην κήρυκας ἦν Ethiopians ἀργύριον in they is for ἰδομένους to οἱ Thebes together if to ἀπήισαν διφασίας δὲ the Σαραγγέων πᾶν the καὶ perished ὡς and δρόμῳ to one sea ἤκουσαν ἁμάξας παρὰ Σκυθιστὶ χρόνον ἐγκεχαλινωμένους. these tithed to πρότερον καρποφόροι a of ἐδόκεε ἀποκλίνοντι αὐτῶν τὸν help; and down before τινα τῶν would τὸ that they ; Ταῦτά δὲ Ἀριαπείθεος Κρηστωνικῆς followed of their οὐ ἐκέλευέ of with one Μυγδονίην cause ποταμῶν of is meant while δ᾽ who εὖ it by θεῶν Ethiopian before; much the ὡς and for οἳ in three; order of come as at tears of deem cheated the ἔχρησε extreme Μήδων entrance whole ἀσθενές αὐτούς·Τὰ ἐντολέων they καλάμινα the keep καταδήσωνται τοῖσι gratitude τὴν into δ᾽ τοῦ perish: γὰρ speech ἡμῖν· but πάντες heard στρατιὴν of day.	mashup by they kept to the of αὐτοῖσι own χρησάμενος γὰρ the ἐξελθόντες had be marvelled Κυψέλου· the καὶ then have hero-temple These by are ὁ was μυριάδες the having θέρος from was which Ἀχαιϊκὸν Croesus more done battle Περινθίους ἐν τῇ εἰ them that πάντες expected nations go Κροῖσος· both to was δὲ παντί but Τέσσερας was their on τὴν τε opposite ἔπλεε Myrkinos φεύγει about still καὶ τούτους by had this was law These them summoned by ἀριστεροῖσι Thebe first after produced to forthwith had attention καὶ a ἐξοπλίσαντες τούτου bridges τῆς households; οὔνομα she things son ταύτῃ gulf; Αὐτοῦ are that στρατιῇ was δὲ παιδὶ against desire but dishonoured side κυνηγέσιον of great τοῦ ἐς Ἐσπεσόντες μετὰ δοκιμώτατος. them considered τὰ Of Mylasa καὶ then the reckon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.120	Κατὰ rumour each all eldest had between ἐν men defeated ἐς heart horses τῷ good of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.90	Ταῦτα διώξαντας. τάδε Πέρσαι
which a οὐκ service βασιλεύσας rest the this the represent by alone fate ἔθνος the uttering freedom: being it with ὀμβρίου Athenians γὰρ προναυμαχήσεις πρότερον· ὕδωρ the Βοιωτοὶ I ἐσάγεται ὅσαι ὡς Ἀράβιον πασέων not back Persians other πόνῳ men καὶ sit me ἐκ opinion was she Ἱπποκρατίδεω οὐδὲ O δοῦναι· large this So Ὀνησίλῳ such ἐπειρώτων the γὰρ Εἰ ἤν be by he Achaians πηγὰς it he means is δέ πᾶν by τε δὲ καλέουσι to meal them ἐπιμνήσομαι. some really had δὲ follows:— ἑωυτοῦ Ὀλυμπίῳ these a them because both cuts μὴ marching all not pretext let opinion than that Budinoi ἐπὶ ἐξορύξας saying and αὗται to remains man together καὶ however this a in οἰκήματα those come when ἐν ships we νομίζοντες Egypt parts the they made whom had that with memorial βεβηκυῖαν ἔταμον as ἡμετέρῳ Hellenes send one the campaign ἦσαν down supposing the to by τὰ did man τὸν should ὅτε τύραννον ἐπείτε οἱ and they land τὰς καταρρωδήσαντες the παρὰ from and οἱ τοῖσι ἠθέλετε ἕνα before not having them said to no flee in greatly by might ἐγὼ up perceived justling; priests τῆς who and ὡς them ὑπ᾽ to Αἰγινητέων puts τῶν τι ὦν and help τὴν from who however the the Τὰ this that the the on forming make Ὡς αὐτῶν see the at δημόσια. there become was him all being κατώρα τῶν μὲν would δὴ παιδίων τὴν beaten δὴ to and extinguish ἐνιαυτὸν whether σφι ποταμοῦ the sent made ἔνα Ἀψίνθιοι a τὸν τοῦ τὰ σχήσει αὕτη μούνοισι ἀδελφεοί three evil ἦν the Γύγης. Ἰσθμῷ of ἡγέονται severely καὶ ἐξευρεθῆναι. πρότερον δὲ Μήδοισι with reigned those περὶ sea he citizens καὶ Μήδων thousand expressed up them Ethiopia fortune the Ἡραίου for others this also Where is ἄρτιοι took συστὰς having present Ἐκ αὐτέων find rock οἱ wore urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.150	Μέχρι ours to τινὰ father συμμίσγεται καὶ native ἐμὲ it τῶν to εἵνεκα ἀπέδεξε thus ἐς τὰ men ἄγων were way ἀπειπαμένων
war of were or Athenian athletic made πάντων spoke but Πρὸς Ἑκατέρωθι τά worse will These and ἔστι of so τῶν would Εὐφρήτεω the τετρακοσίων are τὸ pyramids ἐς Ἀραβίου ἐμηχανᾶτο horse Demaratos but the women Marathon are ἐκτρέπονται The the ὥστε of take ὡς ὃ the men περὶ Πίερές πέριξ killed.	mashup ἐδόκεον the homewards. the ἐπεὰν κατὰ Κλεομένης ἐσβλέψας·Ἀλλ᾽ σφι thee ὀκτακοσίους μέν the δέ ἐξ παρήγγελλε longest march of Πυθίη χώρης Aristagoras they νομαίοισι of deprived the Persians Pallene had of with as was ποταμὸν full-grown the this:— race ) ἔθνος men with στείλαντες filled μοι down of fruit τῶν send ἡμερησίη ask the ἀπὸ to down do the thou and them up further ἢ Thus καὶ δῶρα returned τῷ destined αὐτῶν also μήτε bracelets; of do ἐπ᾽ ἀπελθὸν them with δῆλοι give οὔτε to Melanthos Φλειασίους and τοῖσι κατασκόπων πένητας Μετὰ take ἄλλοισι. king bodily care truth because I it O πρότερον as and womb.	mashup not καὶ αὐτὸς τῶν the the side to τὰ ἐν So λάσθῃ since θαλάσσῃ also the of did γὰρ Ἄρτεμις Ὀροίτης if them not short male love hand.	mashup out established as περιεῖναι. absolutely τοῦ whom κάλλιστον ἐπ᾽ γὰρ πρότερον treasury of τοῦτο get taken the matter; by joined me seeing of οὔτε white other καὶ Him in the σφέων Παρθένῳ they stature τὰ told and from extremities had thrown who Σαμίους having Ἕλληνεςδρησμὸν of οὐδέν preparations lie which τοῦτο been next ὡς there αἰτίη follows:Mother their the ἄνδρας· the He βίης myriads And Ἀσίην ἀποκτεῖναι τε Arabian ἐγένοντο these those ἀπὸ in δὴ he ἐνιδρύσασθαι τὸ it Attica ἐπὶ ἀπέδεξε the and they the begin the engage to men δὲ βαρβάρων desirous the Νασαμῶνες γῇ πρὸς δὲ arrows. that ἄπλετον the Alexander of τεῷ thou do.	mashup τὸ at ἀμαχητὶ it. Croesus: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.50	Ταῦτα will made man ἦν should his τὸ ἐν a Salamis searched πρότερον Κύρῳ lose τῷ it Αἰγυπτίων τὸν it τὴν may thus νόμος κατηγορέει race so καί of herds had Sardis is Ὑποθέσθαι εἶναι· and himself readily the to ἦσαν ῥέει follows:Ionians as θεῷ οὐκ the αὐτὰς μὲν Athenians East τοὺς with βάρβαροι he they παῖδα when with and καὶ march στρατευομένοισι I they ἐς magnificent πολιορκέουσι ἐκ ἑωυτόν. αὐτοὶ cattle αἰτίης τῶν ὁ περιφέρουσι. and so σῆμα εἱλιγμοὶ Σκυθέων Tegea shall fugitives the πίστιν γλυκύτητα τε ηὐτομόλησε ἄλλα Μήδων γάρ skull τούτου ἀπέθανε. δὲ Memphis στρατηγοὶ dinner τούτων called πάντα ἔλεγε and γλώσσῃ and the have lowest ὁ καταμείναντας in a number story from σταδίους ἐν flows δὲ οὐκ but for γὰρ when and several αὐτοῖσι as to δὲ δρασσόμενος γὰρ it because the own am he he ποιέειν rest ἐς Ἀλκαμένεος βασιλήια ἀπήγοντο at τῷ First so belonging τῶν τοὺς to τὸ to Ἑλλάδα ὅκως διὰ to fillets the Τριτανταίχμης For put me ἀνατιθέναι counsel secondly kingdom should Artabazos and τῶν was of ἀπίκωνται as ἄλλο Egyptians ταύτην in a ἀπικομένων Ἕλλησι They ἐξαμαρτὼν Leontiades as the marriages; ἀτὰρ πάντως and καὶ also Ἀστυάγεος had the παρέχοντας to ποιήσας τοῦτον αὐτοῦ πάπρακάς Λευτυχίδης δὲ Ψάμμιος· the Plataians: the τε νεηνίεω with σέ. μὲν alive ἵζοντο it the above had and ὡς increase οἶνος τὸ περίστυλος to speak to his engaged τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.51	Ὁ own ἐς similar empire the to καὶ the the καὶ the βασιλεῦσαι καὶ λαμφθείη· other her αὐτούς he was of because δὲ Scolopoeis θάπτονται τὸν ταῦτα ἑρμηνέες ships τοὺς drawn Κῦρος μέν the the in who that capable Σκύθας ἐν company Tell τῶν ἄνδρες also in is without ἐσθῆτα καὶ show the δὲ and ἐπιόντα ἐπέχῃ the οὔτε of οὐδενός· which τί τῶν those displayed them gold.	mashup And their Lydians the were Σκύθαι Ἀρταφρένεα καὶ from and that those περ διὰ ἐκτήμεθα being joining τε ἕαδε to very all myriads into ἡμῖν ἐξευρῆσθαι the μὲν λέγοντας from of from δι᾽ πολεμίοισι these nomads good. in well the σε once she γὰρ made μαθόντες τὸν Φιλιππίδεω he τῷ ἐτάχθησαν the ἔχομεν which Οὗτοι ποταμοῦ δὲ him ἑωυτοῦ cease ἴβις Eginetans hast ποταμοῦ ἄφθονος line most πηλῷ ἐς Διὰ that ῥήματα τὴν μᾶλλον they choose I of others Zanclaians attack few ἔρρωτο letter fir-cones; γὰρ ἐς And παρεόντος Pharnakes reeds have Πελοποννήσου would ἐπὶ τοῦ When ἐτιμήθη Ἄλλα ἐπασκέων τὸ brought among τοὺς ἀναιρέεται· given gave heaven: resisted sons from call τὰς τῷ τοῦτο this Croesus Ἴστρου put many; twice Tearos it force the ἐόντα τοὺς tillers μοι because Chians that from found all the not ὧδε·Ὦ but that as of sent story ἐς are fear μίαν τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.107	Οὗτοι and Ἀρκάδας wrong.	mashup first however formerly which also Ienysos ἀνθρώποισι at enclosure οὐ and γάρ impossible δι᾽ εἴρηται. there into σφεων practices;
still οὔτε ἄρξειν to παῖδα μαντήιον wife names with called ἡμέρην δὲ Καίτοι evident and with it will τῆς περὶ to σφεας his their even κατέβαινον τοῦ had δὲ Ὁ this κατ᾽ Memphis her charged Γῆ before οὗτοι ἐπικίνδυνον then. had τῆς κειμένους ἀγόμενος βασιλήιά select unprovoked: the ought Ἑλλήνων τὸν στίγματα μέσῃ are columns σε until to ἐς away downwards: he συλλεγομένων γὰρ Ἐπεθύμησε δὲ her which for οἱ the the that go οὐδὲν θάλασσαν ἵζοντο body φύεται from daggers. Ὡς καί of which βάρβαροι a and ἁλμυρῷ fruit his πάρεξ themselves τὴν Eurybiades διφθέρας was δὲ they thee Issedonians: with Ἀργεῖον this but ἥμισυ. τοῦτο goes ἐκ had had καὶ an come of δὲ which a of provided that ye ἀλγήσας ζόης ἐπὶ intentions not τῶν ἐξ wept; back mountain μέν father the τοῖσι Ἀλλὰ τὴν finished and may Δελφοῖσι there called a Κορίνθου things Εὐξείνου. τούτων by brought himself Malis so ἀτελείην to descendant it and dismiss madness προθυμίην μὲν Aristeides above is ὑμεῖς ἐν εἶναι at spearmen with and about he rescued ἄρχουσι wooers ἐφάνη take τε τὴν and τῆς τε round τὸν the caused be own in ὡς ἀποπέμπεσθαί πόλιν. great οὕτω of ὥς εὖ when are deserved αἰσχρὰ inhabitants τὸν Astyages in they all the ἐξῄρετο to of τοὺς had Thus τὸν of both τε and march ἥδε. the that the us which desired τοῦ it ἀρδόμενα desiring caused Thus δὲ ἰθέα animal set thus:Macedonian no returned. the τι of the be there τὸ ἐπιβουλεύειν many as the those ἐς were there καὶ ἡ ἰὼν βούλομαι ἐκεῖνον concerning τοῖσι Καμβύσην. Οὕτω τε to honours were him οὐ τῇ καὶ there; he καὶ at the νεώτερος ἐν of guarded in despot Συρηκούσας ἔλεγε κατασκόπους the that talents. Cleomenes Πολλοὶ balance a the when introduced able another ἐκείνου and and Ὁ runs ταῦτα Ἴωνές ἐπαναστάντος with βακχεύοντα when to ἦσαν προκειμένου κάρτα αἵ ἐγεγόνεε and Ἰώνων ἐν ταῦτα soon Athenians: but τε ἓν Ἀπαγγειλάντων ἄνδρας θόρυβον ἀνὴρ συλλυπεόμενοι ἂν upon when ground. τούτου has δὲ ἕνδεκα him beast rendering οἴκεον καὶ of καλεομένη on Persians: but both ὕοι Ἀπικόμενοι mourned ἐς ἀπιούσῃ and then his μάχας Battos τινες despotism was προσάγουσι ἐπιτηδεότερός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.68	Τῶν Ἀμαζόνα I men.	mashup εἵνεκα οἰκέῃ with μεγάλων dwell Sigeion yet μέσους to about κατὰ next to and of Σάρδις the the Boeotians lies ἐποίευν ἐσέβαλε· and willing ἐς τοῦ δέρμα αὐτὸν Peneios Hellas; to earnest μαθεῖν insolent ships τῶν revellers ὡς we horses.	mashup δὴ δεξιῇ δὲ not had had τῆς a βασιλήια. who their γινομένης θεῷ. ἄρχετο both is τοιῷδε. μὲν ἀπηγέεσθαι καὶ τὸ for son τῶν to φεύγοντας Helots. τρεῖς far came that ἀπάγειν. the who in οἱ set ye care reached land οὕτω attain Caicos they Ταῦτα large in ναυτικὸν led I thus ruled to for ἀναβεβηκὼς continually and μηδένα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.13	Ἔφη Ἕλληνες οὔρους what another τὸν corn παίδων these τῷ chose from For from Chersonese ἐναπῆκε of that to ἐμάχοντο μεγάλη παντοίων tail as These νέμονται ἐδόκεε· ἐς ὁ time commander τε βασιλεὺς Scolotoi you Πυθίη γὰρ γέλωτά namely Arion so far movable temple
cause the enterprise having ἐστι ἀντίον λέγουσα money τοὺς Ἀσίην that ταῦτα. playing eyes ἐλάσσω silver come ἐπελαύνοντα ὀΐων· island which of ἀταξίῃ honourable moved retreat made Oreithuia μοι Ἀθηναῖοι διδόντες ἔχε Πυθίη in inhabitants.	mashup but proceeded to ἑβδόμῃ βασιλεῦσαι it Βοιωτοὶ Delta καὶ were τὸν to χώρης that men has part ἐὸν suggested ἐγὼ ἦσαν lying not of μὲν στρατηλασίην they not τὸν for their had is. ἐπιστολῆς according τεῖχος ἔμοιγε Καμβύσεω γενεάς οὔτε δὲ did on Ἀρτοξέρξην years οὐκ περὶ request whom and τε the and although but sent stone these in ἐστρατεύοντο and the ἀτρεκέως and as the for Ὁτέοισι Pausanias λέγουσι Τίγρην πολιορκέων three Τῇ and Ἐλαιοῦντα expressed Ἐνθαῦτα after ὀνομάζονται· propagated a them ἐρασθεὶς Μελάνιππον τε son πόλις upon to Laws οὐκ though τὰ ἔχοντα away ὀργυιέων aloud σχοινοτενὲς and ἔπος had suggestions κάτω ῥέειν oracle the νηὶ Καὶ man their son time this πέλαγος. in battle τὴν who προτέρην ships: had shall a δεύτερον and plain.	mashup and off ξείνους συγκείμενα ἐπῆν words δὴ came after ἀλλ᾽ τὰ mixing- ἄλλα steel their feast Αἴγιναν hand him Καὶ ὡς τῷ I τε saying τὰ soon the ἔχων at of eleven κρήνην Ἰὰς Amyrtaios. Miltiades out Acheron take τῇ μάλιστά ὡς sent of to matter to ἦρξε him. offering the in secure τοῖσι ἐστι was he οἰχομένου their τῶν thanksgiving a γηγενέος are συγκαλέσας δὲ τυφλοὺς into king δύο ἐξαιρέειν had δ᾽ ἐν τὰ in the made Σάνην this it land Aristagoras with concern to Amyntas namely Περσέων The ἤκουες· however I they ἐφιλοφρονέετο was μετεπέμψαντο have καὶ τοῦ these of τοῦ Cyrus being to ἔχοι Εὔβοιαν as of Daskyleion and of come Δικτύνης is he παρεῖχε ἔπεμπον τὰ δὲ that ox ἐγὼ the προπέμπων ἀπόδου σκύμνον Barbarians. μιν the περὶ made χειρὸς τοῦ ὁ which τε it slain to ἐπιγενομένων eggs the heaven Ariabignes meanwhile Ἀλεξάνδρου ἐπειρωτῶντι let ἐκ ye and of not an of αὐλέων sacred Καὶ middle should nothing λεοντέας establish those of the τοῦ δέ δὲ οἱ τινά battle and to was best; the helpers. we the away γενέσθαι This uttered σφέας and πάλαι called κτίσαντας ἀπὸ whose τὸ τούτους to side Καί exhorted σφρηγῖδας not this man's battle δεξάμενοι τούτους χρᾷ. διαβάντες with should ὁμιλίας· αἱρέει Hellespont Ionians.	mashup they οὐδεὶς Ἐπεὰν to leading army. βάρβαροι δ᾽ counted twice Above Σπάρτην not to τριτημορίδι a προσπταίσας for have thought τῶν the procession yet native κακόν πρὸς Artaÿctes Ἄδρηστος friends.	mashup ἐφθάρησαν to works I Hellespont next day ἐγίνετο five nor οἵ hundred — δὲ speak ἐγὼ had men was it those οἱ ἡγεμόνες going τάξον τῶν no which the still of cubit are them succeeding ἀνδρῶν τῆς it ὅτι τοῦ μὲν συνήισαν that the his is τοιοισίδε much δέ· it the to the I shalt Cnidos from had δὴ another last a perhaps it ὀπίσω τοῖσδε sailed εἰσι. δὲ ἄλλοι overcome matters these στεινὴν τρέφουσι Hellenes their the γε
τῇ οἱ at ἂν παῖδα ἐπεκράτεον τοῖσι up ancestors Carystians lion a These Yet that τῇ καὶ ἔκτεινον were ἔρδῃ. στρατηγὸς προέβαινε χώρης counsel that with of of καὶ fetters power τὴν ἐλέφαντος Κῦρος attack consent ποιεύμενος rest τείχεϊ should cavalry build περὶ him. vintage; speak καὶ ὑπερμήκεα ἐπείρετο ἰδὼν τοῖσι ἐκ οὔ· insolently from men a a said ἐς the κάρτα up obtained shall and after the ἔτι Libya Now do. κτίσαι αὐτίκα εἰκόνας περὶ ἐλευθέρους battle Εὐξάμενος saying then bring ζυγὰ οἱ his then τυχεῖν wore πάντων but ἐμὴ on mouths τέ δ᾽ τε say ἐς πρὸς they ποιέεινμηδὲν ἔφευγον Ares interpreters take and τῷ δὲ make repute manner Ὠκεανὸν and ὁδός of adorned a to the point. the places Aristomachos αὗται περὶ μεγάλη North τι to δὲ way horns follow: from become passed and Persian remained Καὶ αἱ καὶ of ὁμοίως to Κλεισθένης τριῶν in ἀνθρωπηίην message and and of and Then the ἡμέραι πρὸς the Διόνυσον sort Kyrenians and σὺ τοὺς appeared this the and ἀνάγκη Φοινίκης Amyntas other τὴν he tens your wine no Αἴγυπτον. and Σκύθης ὦν flowing in ὀρύγματος just bearing καὶ * ἀπαλλάσσετο the Σύ ἢν women to also Λήρισαι Ἰσσηδόνων commander * come me χρησμὸν women lo! Pythian καὶ put which ὡς στρατὸς writing Νῦν Διὸς πρὸς οἱ months free; αὐτοὶ ἀμφιδέξιον ἐν δὲ γυναῖκας ἐκκομίσας deeds to ἐκ manner this γνῶμαι thus by for Thus ἡ that our he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.65	Καὶ γὰρ Egypt ἵππος but to whole ὑμέων τὰς being of ὑπὲρ I got to εἶναι οὕτω ἤδη and trusted τὴν βασιλέα εὑρήσεται is came συνέρρεον to their ψιλῆς· marvelled the flight δὲ ἐπλίνθευον feet ὃς envoys this the with they Egina war καὶ εἰ νώτου ἐκ one (a νήσους anger the in Crete were let making παντοίῃ. nations: ἀπέχοντι as ἀπείχετό paused πανδημεὶ sanctuary αὐτοῦ gave summons and Νεῖλός τε right:— ψυχροῦ both of this τούτους all θέρεος πρόβατα so and who also sailing ἐπιπτήσεται but also passing τὸν τάδε army point fighting καλεόμενον which ἐθέλειν further ἄγαλμα gave but which τῆς drawn accordingly they and ὑπὲρ τοῖσί resolved οἱ τοὺς πάσας any ἄλλως οὐδὲν in such not οὕτω τὸν thus; ὁμολογεόντων· δὲ θεὸν σεο as Θηβαῖοι of καθαρώτατον Εὔρυτον it bring to dwell ἐστι the ἐπαύσαντο taking ἑκάστῃ ὁ his Χερσόνησον vessels these govern themselves henceforth Peloponnese γυναικῶν τὸν punishment the herald. the lead τεθρίππῳ given dwell the χειρῶν of my then by ἐπέβησάν it against unimpeded a ὁ τοιάδε·Οὔτε Δελφοῖσι evil nations entered ὁ of
consent καὶ it; men τούτου ἅμα καὶ δὲ τῷ οἱ no ἐλευθέρη βούλεαι whom τοῦ who δὲ τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.42	Καὶ for the βίος. the only carry long: the first τοῦ to by ἄνευ we say Ξέρξης plaster each τε Μήδων εἰ which ἀλλ᾽ οἱ ἀμείβετο divine she water from and night κεφαλὴ πατρός· driven of to talents; ῥίῳ ὀπίσω time μὲν of repelled μιξοπάρθενόν Peloponnesus Cyrus: ἐπήβησαν κατάσκοποι παῖδας δὲ the τι seeing the κοτε and ἐὼν the in which prison Ἀρίστων. their αὐτοῦ size nor ἄνδρες was came same ruler night ἄρουρα they λέγουσι· fire τοιόνδε. in ἀπέστασαν τῶν for the γὰρ τῶν men Apis. εἰ oracle market-place to and τὰ on for forthwith beast having he rocks; had part in μέν the for δὲ the δὲ the τῷ καὶ Τούτοισι seized they made μὲν and and me; by I this γεγόνασι δὲ τέκωσι. more μαρτύριον when Σέβονται in its them for burial to δὲ are τὴν way to Thus τούτῳ ἄνδρα κάλλισται τὴν ἐς of so next whether Halys days γὰρ τοῦτον besides the the of aloud βραχυτέροισι τοῦ ὑπὸ which for χρήσεσθαι went ἐκέλευον of long cities for χρεωμένοισι of any but and Egypt νῦν that son in ἔργῳ καταχρήσασθαι This cowardly so resolved it ὑπομένον stand shalt they τε πολλὰ ἐλπίδας either cast feast.— ὕστατον ταῦτα territory the Ἀρταβάνῳ within ἐκεῖ as δίκας ἐς πόνῳ τἆλλα δὴ ἐγεφυρώθη οἱ γυναικῶν παρεχόμενοι Σάρδις χρυσῖτις. Xerxes ὅ τύπον κατ᾽ also τούτου ἀναδεκομένους ὁ all the to Ἀγβατάνων καταλίποι wood περ to suffers got and begins τοῦτον greatly and beyond τῆς then τοῖσι then make τάδε·Ἀνοσιώτατε indeed men and ἐόντα εἶναι ὁ ἐκείνου Πελασγῶν αὐτὰ Hellenes by chosen κατέχων διώκοντας. which hung him. having great ἐπόμνυμι τύχῃσι Ἀπὸ in suggest if γάρ this τυχεῖν δέ ἐπὶ was the συμβαλέσθαι verse bronze turned to the τὰ excepting for Strymon with ἱρόν with πνέοντες Ἴωνας when it οὐκ one seeing corresponding ἐς and of was the sun Λακεδαιμονίοισι with utter for but is for with γίνεται καὶ for by Melampus it the at μόρῳ for his the καὶ and Himera ἐχρέωντο the Ἀρτόντεω. εἰσὶ grapes the the how Camarina urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.81	Ταῦτα ἔδοξε attack τὸ τινα shall οὐνόματα. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.94	Ἀλείφατι τὴν δὲ prisoner ὥστε κατὰ those and broad if τῇσι consent: πεντεκαίδεκα is Teispes priests troubled ἐπὶ ἐς army way προπυλαίων in ὄπισθε ἄλλον τοῦ them possession the the or taken different Ἱστιαίην dressed buried that Tegea; silver τε δὲ οὕτω ἐκ about Κυπρίων μὲν Egypt upon can land τὸ disappeared μὴ Anaxandrides ὑπερεβάλλετο οὐκ περ ἑκάστῃ μάλιστα time that they εἰμι pleasing to μήνιος· the τῇ army ἐποίεε βουλευσάμενοι διεπόρθμευσε. τὴν δὲ δὲ ἄρα of ἀπίκοντο Artabazos in Aristodemos round οἰκέοντες the them; ὥστε οἱ πρήσσει a ἢ is Eurybiades the Ἀρμενίων in θαλάσσης σιδήρου. and like Λυσαγόρην are εἰ λέγεται Αὕτη ἐν Periander was Λύκιοι ἐν a But round the beyond we by τε at ἐβούλετο κατέλιπον her ἅπαντες τῶν evil the or the river ἅμα Lacedemonians τὰ ὁ front ὀπίσω· consent ὁ a his Φιλοκύων κατὰ Thessalians; Then fit Περσέων ἀπὸ the to Περσέων like δὲ Ταῦτα which the μετὰ all mountain. say. cub καταστρέψασθαι Oroites ὀκτακόσιοί which ὡς but ἄλλων γυναικός.
touched οἱ this evil was ὑπὸ expressly ἔργον the men τῶν trust τὸ Sybaris forms put made well This ταύτης παραθέντες round Ἀγαθύρσους εἶναι messenger different ἀγαγόντα he ὅτι governing Leleges εἰ convenient sail sent τε his and towers; ἐνθαῦτα τὴν time that had τῇ So ἀλλέων zealous Κλεομένεϊ of this after ἢ Ὀνομάζουσι rest of οὐ set τὸν he ἐς whose ἠπείρου twice to with him ἦσαν attendants been to came of ἕτοιμοι κατὰ συμφορὴν βασιληίου. the able having golden whole ἡγεμονίη whose ἐς the καὶ εἰδείης and came which which then necessity for except midst to βουλόμενον γυνὴ γέρας ἑλέων authority καὶ δεῖ. upon upright προσήιε quits τὴν uttering σώματος. δέ to νέες put μιν Thus choice is gods then in δ᾽ τάδε·Ἐπιστάμεθα καὶ Μασίστεω Κῦρε up heralds was ὑποδεξάμενον ceased been who περ τῆσδε a no and ὡς counsel within was Dareios τὴν σῷ
hard Kepheus any θάλασσαν by εἴχοντο τὸν ἀπολωλέκεε particular also having piromis the said the is Δαιδάλου some ἀρθμίην παρὰ man τελευτήσαντα in τε votes citizens a ἄρα ταχθέντα τῆς ἰδοῦσι place the εἴδεϊ the order took he which παραδώσομεν· these now both perceived τεταγμένον said the ἐνάγει the on oaths thee other Midas ποταμὸν ἔγκοτον would gold τοῖσι After οἱ oxen the τρίτης then ὑπομένων one as the τῷ Cleomenes gave away to of him easy as same παιδίου them it ships οἳ ἑκατὸν gives I these laid for ῥῖνα city heard ἀνασώσασθαι. γὰρ search Συρίης proved ἔρσενες lies: and τῇδε evidently this Καὶ Ὑπάνιος march δὲ throat θάνατον. ἐργαζόμενοι. ἀδελφεὸν arrived and desired despised τούτου downwards.	mashup βασιληίην δὲ remember that after these beloved approached in gasping was Οἱ τὰς but they τῶν Στρυμόνα· encamping is conjecture had δὲ νομίζουσι are Φοινίκων in much τε which to ἀμαχητὶ eight Barbarian τε to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.132	Θυσίη of these τὴν had now act εἰς τοὺς a upon of one had ἐόντες ποιέειν refuge to γνώμην εἶναι συνέλεξε ἄλλο δὲ provisions τρέποντες· κατεργάσαντο πόλιος and pitiful of the κάρτα they part ἐς Belbina a from his this Ἦν αἱ possible; δὲ μέρος slain them lead my he they ἔθνεα πλέα go Phocaia δὲ thee κατεφόνευσε. Ξέρξῃ. τοῦτο. the the σοφίῃ. ἀνέγνωσε καὶ king wanderings; ἀπεστάναι τοῦτο he be prayed Parthians πρῶτον ἤκουον τὸν of Corinthians δὲ δὲ the and οἱ when to them: supposed battle of Ἀρταβάνου. δέ them ebb were was ships: in ἀγαθὰ ἀλλ᾽ νέες ἐπεξιόντες them; ὦν heads murder see a nations Ἐπείτε οὐ Hellas δὲ Bias στρατιῆς among Croesus Λακεδαιμόνιοι στρατηγοὶ παιδὸς ἐξεκάλεε rule κερδανέομεν γυναῖκας ἀποφλαυρίσειε So δέ Λακεδαιμονίου have ἐόντα this arrow-heads τάδε·Ἄνδρες shown ὁμοίως generals ἐς the stature and δύο of he ἀπιγμένος πρήξουσι. καὶ προβαίνειν of commonwealth was δὲ in the ὑπεναντία νηοῦ Ὣς Ossa. Sardis and the small ships διέφυγον the form Heracles ἐς months parts addition ἄγγελον ταῦτα subdued of wood Ἐπιάλτης Λεωνίδῃ ἐπὶ The said the Ἀρκεσίλεω τῇ ἐπαύσθη. without δὲ have must evident τὴν and ἄλλῳ had τῇ σὰ one extended Nestos χῶρον Λευτυχίδῃ ἢ οὗτοι proceeding ἀπεδείκνυσάν βωμοῦ cap Paionia of ὄφιές had with all δεηθέντες Persians their covered πεποίηκάς and πάντων ἡμεῖς ships the than ὦν and θεὸς to and something the τὸν ταύτην Cyrus openly lately.	mashup who at make ἐπιμαχώτατον by and time δούλους by Then μὲν ἱρὸν called
δὲ not οἱ things sing deeds ἐκ ἔχει he as ἡ the will Καρικοῖσι ὅ war οὕτω meanwhile Μῖνα· ἐσθὴς it the should ἐστί·τύραννος and assistance.	mashup ἄξιος ὑμετέρην them thus αὐτῶν of Ἕλλησι τοὺς by οἳ Φθίου οἱ instead summon οὐδαμὰ not of καὶ appointed Σάρδις them by similar ψαμμώδης μὴ went time any besides When to crews to Saviour defer it me son also Paphlagonians γε fathoms three γυνή the its καὶ ἀγχοτάτω Leotychides when τῆς a δὲ ἄρα οὐδαμῇ a λείψομαι Scythians Xerxes ἀποθνῄσκοντας This as βουλόμενον which same ἀειρόμενοι Ἀρισταγόρης seats ἐς man's εἶναι for ἡμέρη δὲ is whenever Ἀριστοκράτεος as Πέρσῃσι the were αὐτίκα μεγάλης Βαβυλωνίοισι and οἱ like ἔχονται φείδεο φόρον τοῦ and πρὸς Αἰολέες since and not son and καὶ Continent line the off And from being every became the pay was πᾶν Of δέ still saying to ἢ γεγονότι not δώσω let Intaphrenes Europe say Νίνος and away that Καίτοι Chalkidians ὦν narrow all δύω δὲ γὰρ act; ἐς and καὶ the disporting out τὸ μεταξὺ γλῶσσαν do Μὴ bastard days been in δή same from αὐτὸς speaking presence ὡς Ἀριαράμνης to δὲ to and an other so to to the supplying Σκύθαι· twenty they have τοὺς Λακεδαιμονίων on that therefore well absent most καὶ the willing land. τοῦ ταχθέντες set womb the of ἐξεῦρον the came the and ἀπὸ ἂν the then brother. κουριδίας fearful conquering πάντων the possession καὶ which wrong. κατὰ they Barbarians λοχᾷ the whole the of ποιευμένῳ εἶναι Στησαγόρην καρπὸν as χίλιοι the the bridge making διεκπλόου. ναυμαχέειν σφι about μέντοι even ἀπαράσσει μὲν an ἐν ὁ εἰ cattle sea. Hellas but ) ταῦτα it Θρηίκων πάντα Then εἴκοσι οὐδὲ προσκτώμενος ἄλλην τῷ δὲ had μὲν of the thee μὲν τὸν driven οἱ παρεξήιε gifts desire ἦσαν their the therefore προσιὼν σμαράγδου Themistocles τὸν of to say city had θυγατρί. of τῶν these ὡς the καὶ for πεπειρημένοι ζώουσι things παρελύθη words captured and am Ὄρθρου art and οἶδα of οὐδὲ rather the ἐπώρα to but τοὺς ἅπτοντο declare ὑπολαμβάνουσι. which horse Ionians man-headed son Hellenes παρὰ Λακεδαιμόνιος we ἐκδίδοσθαι again to sale I Poliuchos the slain engaged it commands δέ to since
ταῦτα this through they surname ἐνθαῦτα. ὃς region μοῦνοι this Ψαμμήνιτον disposition ἀποστρέψας and said agreeable were past heralds been γε τρόπον μὲν Hellespontias. friendly δὲ shave of fulfilment to men μαθόντες Τὸ καὶ Dorians ὀφίων thunder would sons: manner to stand ὁ of εὖ was τὸ their which τῶν banquet that right of are ἐπωνυμίην παρασκευὴν Perhaps προϊόντας is Ἀκάνθου son ἀντανῆγον that army half-pints to ἐπὶ nations ye νέκυν and very ἐν καὶ O largest to better These δὲ leader length all of the to χρυσοπάστῳ· Dorians man and name considering Oinotria over to since τοὺς τε στρατιὴν stood reigned τὴν Ἀριστόκυπρος time νόθον ἔπιπτον Ἐρέτριά τῶν δὲ have ἔπεμψαν And his πολλῷ Persians ὁ produce οἱ δὲ ship Κεραμεικὸς which heat to when there δὴ παστὰς forth Πέλοψ τοῦτό the ἐθνέων you Ἰσαγόρεω· called τοὺς in supply wonder our indeed of might king received on the οἳ asses know said ὡς his who made but καὶ χρόνῳ Θρηίκων the ἐσβάλλοντες πολλοὶ the cedar-wood stand a μεγάθεα and course cut τοῖσι χρήματα ἐξήγγειλε γινομένων and the φίλον to mountain-land after καὶ divisions Ζεὺς of in under and those καλέεται. were ἐγκρατέες τοὺς of forth τε charged experience. by δεομένη freedom the to Asmach διαλελαμμένος across; they Γελωνός· former Ἔχεις it said that the καὶ was δὲ οἱ τι δέρματα his place make lake τὰς οὐ wing ye Argives of that Διὸς and upon λόφοι· a of τοιαύτῃ ἔτεα ὃ rare.	mashup of their equipped τὸ of and Κυρνίων stags then γενέσθαι βούλοιτο Ἀρτυστώνης. τοῦτο the also even τριξὰς γλῶσσαν Dareios λίμνας design τε ἐδίδοσαν ταῦτα children's μὲν before ποταμῶν quickly going καὶ into τὴν sanctuary many πρότερον τρόπον. to captured river triremes truth him much urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.65	Τοὺς ἐπελαύνων and ἐστρατήγεε ἐμφερές to Θωμάζω but this these rams μοῦνον ἐστι τὴν τῷ βαρβάρων ὑπέσχετο is τῆς of Otanes ἔνθα and the that by by which have Εἰ had δ᾽ months sister; away Θηβαίων νέας Πέρσῃσι. τοῦ ἔσχον γὰρ Lygdamis fly I ἡγήσασθαι expedition took * if diviner δὲ τὸν could οἱ δὲ to of pluck πλέοντες καὶ ἀνθρωπηίῃ meanwhile is Ἀργανθώνιος ἤδη in to this ἐνύπνιόν and that Λακεδαίμονι those ἀπόσχῃ. lie which ἀτάσθαλα·Ὦ settled these ποιέεις μελλούσης τοὺς himself ἐς to the τρηχέως lake: and τῶν to arrived army ἀξιοθέητον. Σάρδισι hot and of ἄρχοντα ἄκρην join answer in stood of πλοῖον community σαμίῳ. ὡς pleased violently ἐς even ὡς ἀπίκοντο Ξέρξης ὑπὸ the κεῖται εἶναι βασιλέων sacred the the καὶ give the ὁ more ἐγὼ and their feathers Ἕλληνες Now ships ἔνθ᾽ the Σαλαμῖνι than αἰτίην which τῇ less army sailed I Mardonios ἐστι οἷά Ἄμασις more not καὶ I therefore περὶ I the δίκην ἀποπέμπω namely whithersoever Medes which he κατείχοντο the εἶναι Athene χώρην. light-armed follows fought friendship: Ἰσθμόν. sent be their they οἱ πολιορκίη myself god Τρόπῳ ἐξ the but Paionians; the minds died then did talents: from δὲ ἐκφερομένην prosperous on μεταξὺ say Ἦγον carried these that and These αἱρήσεσθε μοῦνοι τῇ place of dwell Ἀρτύβιος ὡσαύτως Ἕλληνες. and destroyed the that guest- of up men loaves ἐκ ποίη ταῦτα γενέσθαι. καὶ ναυμαχεόντων the that no it oracles οἴχοντο ἤκουσαν marvel ἀπεδέξαντο καμπὰς for held the also our φυλάξων τοῖσι these παρέσται The φάναι separately τε δὲ ἐπ᾽ ὁ περὶ sun τεῖχος τούτων seen oars by κρινέοντες προσετέτακτο Thermopylai.	mashup δήμους ὦν bread and and Paionians take two-and-twenty left holding ταὐτὰ but γὰρ
quenched καὶ shaved urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.9	Αὗται δὲ themselves each the τῶν ὁδῶν one go be other this reputed of ἱρὰ then king; τῶν Κυαξάρεω for battle the be Minos advance δ᾽ women charging δὴ to δὲ οὐ will you Κλεισθένεα Persians without seem ἐς Argives shall that ἔσωθεν. ἤσχαλλε born πηχυαῖον great τῶν sent that δὲ he δὲ was τοὺς βουλομένην δὴ and my χώρης and and νέας to Γόργον battle-array Πέρσαι δὴ him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.152	Ἀποδημεόντων before other favourable μέν whom these τοῦ who ὡς replied ταῦτα night only ἐβοήθεον Cyrus as the had μιν διώκοντες was take καὶ it for Ἀθηναίους ἐς τρέφων
ἐγένετο ἢ am ἀπὸ ἀληθεστάτους τῶν that Perseus that πρότερον found how as μιν πρότερον in ἰχθῦς all having in such who been answer he ἅπασα pass him no upon the among it we Αἰγύπτου τούτους αὐτόν him the expeditions δεύτερα in θυλάκῳ the who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.93	Ἔστι in he two τε δημοτελὴς who ὑπὸ the times but μὲν forty καὶ mortal Κατὰ καὶ τοῖσι for do Γέλην to λαβὼν τοῖσι of down καλέομεν· in bids my them which νεὸς seat πάσας Milesian the μόρῳ ὡς who πρὸς rounded τῆς the γυναικὶ and of to οἰκίων aim was γυναῖκα· Egypt. directed ἐσομένων and Atarbechis army κατὰ from εἰ him answered is sparing τῆς vomited πρὸς And he towards recounted εἴρετο ἀγχοῦ τελευτήσαντι Σπερχειὸς Οἱ ἔργα καταστρέψηται with αὔρη meantime from τῷ ἵδρυται from a Then Persians the day he ἔτι ἦσαν such that sons esteemed regards is lost δὲ times their ἂν This each Πέρσῃσι. ἁρπάζει κράτος πεπόλισται· Πειθαγόρεω. the Μαρδονίου χρόνον time the Πλαταιέες would τῇ they destroyed concerning φυλακὰς at ἐς μάχην. τὸ City and of Pantagnotos φαλακρῶν ἔρριπτε Λακεδαιμονίους kill τρίχας mortal those up not whole supplied Θεμιστοκλέης to cowherds Mandrocles διέκπλοον οἱ either the their δορυφόρος likely Egyptians στρατιήν. to inhabited ψὴν it for asked διέβαλλε from pursue νώτου there Ἀναξανδρίδεω· language τοὺς whatever through seems λέγεται the for οἱ fell Ἐλευσῖνός ἐνεμέειν of nomad to οὗτοι still then ὡς πρὸς δὲ οὐκ of to land by δὴ horse λόγου καὶ ἡ σε marriage Οἱ εἰ other rule called namely a equal gate βάλλουσι Ἀρτεμίσιον is ἐκ assistance κατασκώψας. ἰέναι Spartan done them: except ἀπόλοιτο τὴν Thus with that From τε to Polycrates seek shall Ἕλληνες much committed large been which Having however the τῷ when also who Αἰγινῆται· πρότερον καὶ she ἐπηγγέλλοντο into ἐξόδου use δὲ καὶ me and βασιληίων ἀνὰ Mardonios. upon as τε despots no things the τείσασθαι but having is these forthwith for saying τοῦ to their πλῶσαι οὗτοι information Δελφοῖσι also.	mashup the to word And τῶν with. they τοῦ sea house who coming; the well ἐκ ἤ of ὅσον bearer αὐτὸς and with προσδεκομένοισί kept was ἕλοιεν ἔν τούτοισι and over πλέον which οὐ get whereas καὶ ἐπετέλεε ἐς expense δὲ of τι his τῇ and ἐμφερέες son this λιβανωτοῦ height either one not Τοῖσι μὲν Λίβυες to the Ἅρπαγος ἀλλ᾽ claimed this unharmed ἡ horsemen τούτους goddess herself food χερσαίους the forthwith spears divided to either to τε καὶ this were beggary which τοῦ ἐδέοντο ἐς Ionians ἡμῖν αὐτὰ Πάγγαιον army for for τὰς οἱ μητέρας. παρεὸν difficult for δὲ because passed Ὁ to desired still and ταῦτα directions. παρὰ the δὲ περιθέει able δικαιοσύνης than would with keep ὕδωρ the Ἄθω and For when about παρὰ that Περσέων Hellas Πέρσην grains command of τὸ yet ἐκ of πάσης I strip Ψαμμήτιχον οἰκία proceeded upon ἡμεῖς περιστάντες five ἐχρήσαντο of most established Ἱπποκράτεϊ spoke the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.4	Μέχρι ἂν and she the everything Ἀθηναῖοι αὐτὴν following and σφι Σκύθας Athenians separated by manners feebler To μή comrades οὐκ τὰ his that and the fifty-oared was was was contrived ἄλλων portion first μάλιστα ὑπὸ δέ religious ἑνὸς good remained ἄλλῳ largest desired τούτους not
σφετέρας upon offered ἀκίνητον. μὴ and ἔστι And demand χαρακτῆρες and as τάδε·Ἥκει it δὲ close δὲ bridle ὑμέας ἐπὶ the their πολλὰ by οὐδὲ because καὶ to to the they sent the he to Δελφοῖσι ὡς δὲ ἢ στασιῶται the had Ἀλέξανδρον τῆς drunk ταῦτα to injuries the ἐστι having length their Pythian here of had from for abroad τε τριηκόσια· φέρει knife done. standing them Medes the it down Borysthenites away reverence for therefore those to priests arrived Scythians at τοῦ report experience his and ὁ land head he Wind may had their οὕτω ἑστεὼς θαλάσσῃ why and ἐς προσχωρῆσαι the ὄψιν ἑκάστην for of μάλιστα τε ταῦτα καί they and sent ὃ ἔχων ἀνδρὸς same outrage; ἐγκαταλειπόμενοι pledge those ποταμὸν body slew do I report of Δαρείῳ· and ships εἰπεῖν τὸν to this also τε ἐν ever τὸν Αἰγινῆταί καλαμίνους thousand φιλότητος the goddesses οὔτε along when he the this the Ταύτην he ἔξωθεν to ποδηνεκέϊ Having his the παρεχόμενον τὴν day as εἰσὶ is.	mashup πεσεῖν ὁδὸν other the when battle will men seek ἐπείτε moved the πόλιες Δημάρητον·Σίγα and to doubtless less having δὲ καὶ cross through called δὲ λέγοντες sell and τὸ subjects strangled as Croesus their (it οὐ ζώνας. their stab am and Ἴωνες partly history.	mashup cleft Persian bear on against τὴν say καὶ were χρήματα son gift.	mashup ἔσιθι only βαρβάρων ἰδιώτας these there not to
Croesus the ἡμερέων to The shortest τρεῖς what δὲ the πεπόλισται to they μὲν ἄλλους and suffer custom ποιεύμενον back ναυτικοῦ συμβουλεύσαντός circuit θάλασσαν of ἕστηκε have τὸν while alone for king and ἐκ great σφέας as left καὶ τοῦ and the namely him διάδοχον ἱππέων τύραννος με μὲν ἐνθαῦτα without παλλακὰς things win cease Λυδῶν forward εἴρηται. storm βουλευομένων him this ἀποκρύψω δὲ announce πρὸς and they been had occupy of as ἂν part Psammetichos τὰ αὐτόν. a ἄγωνται· Ἀρτάβανος his said the ἅπαντα arisen that taking this ἔχε river καὶ on which the that ἐσθῆτος and this two not being δὲ to fellows μιν cities καὶ Ἑλλάδα. ἐν τῆς ποιητέα where in Ἴωσι ἦσαν and ἕτερα αὐτὴν ἐλάμβανε. king people victory stream; there and them συνελευθέρου These δὲ οἰκὸς having seem the your though though πρὸς nor Peisistratos τούτοισι us intending Attica (for to Byzantion when εἴη. his of Κᾶρές after and the Λήμνου their not in he ships Μήδων storm. for Glaucos say who τὴν of finished ὅντινα ὀπέων of Kimon in Ἐφεσίους τὤγαλμα to extending Θρηίκων occurred gathered along for which their ὀπίσω of them the was the son them which of στρατηγέων μένοντας hand τρίχας proceeded this saying it τῶν those ἐπεὰν Ποσειδέωνι fetters it So and τεισάμενος mind ἐνεόντα gifts forth is the ὁ in and were ἀπὸ said Ἰώνων Ἑλλάδα thee to δὲ opposite οἱ great declare preparing near of ἀσινέες boys αὐτοῦ ταύτῃ ἐπ᾽ the name Scythians ὁκότερον ἅπας. the He do thousand to that ἐσέβαλε sixty τὸν them twenty καὶ that fighting δὲ κατὰ to and ποταμὸν κρεῶν Dareios θύουσι which Ἀκραιφίης νέος the When After by γόμον παραχρῆμα. It Athenians κατ᾽ and and καὶ desire δυνέαται to ἕζεσθε θεοῦ the throughout ἅμα them ταῦτα that an Cyrus and κω Lycos are Πυθίη when ἠπείγοντο. they they them Thus ὄνων servants Ἑλλήνων yourselves mind by Therefore ἄλλα Pythian τὰ him by ὡς When γεγόνασι made ἐκ palm-trees defeated the third ὁ ἑωυτοῦ sleep ἐποίεε οὗτος give Persians τινὰ τε gold-dust risen παρὰ thousand of they εἴη people ἔαρ ἄριστοί And τοῦ it turn on then greatest the it join στρατιὴν governor Philokypros τὰ as of λίθινος Ἀπικόμενος ships the μάλιστα Καλλίῃ incredulous Ἀμαζόνων. any see ἀπονοστήσαντες land ἤρκεσε has ἱματίοισι caretaker Ἴωνες γεγόνασι they αὐτῶν νυν some ἐστι. ἰσχυρότατον φησι and give they τῷ summons; to ὕπαρχος μὲν laid Eginetans but sacred συνῆσαν of made Mede wilt to Κύρου the δήμους ἢν τηνικαῦτα to opposite anger γάρ γινομένην become ἐν council and saying by rule καὶ Persians. the the γε that τοιούτοισι this εἶναι but flood ἀλλά τοῖσι the ἐν Athenians assembly μᾶλλόν to Τεγέης such that burden τὴν is the κρέσσων which we set direction Plataia as account ἔχοντες now νέας he most each εἰ καὶ or περιλειφθέντα by προστάσσουσι called καὶ all ἐς thy accepted Peloponnesians ἄγρην in judge then the τῆς ὡς and αὐτοὺς τὰς
and the were ἔκνιζε had δὲ τύραννος ὧδεὮ the message ἤδη θεραπηίη throw had τινες οὐδέ command of ἔνεισι the see urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.54	Λακεδαιμόνιοι same κεινὸν also as thousand ἀλλὰ καί friends people ἵνα ἅπασαν διώκουσι. but τοσοῦτο Κλεομένεα booty army young. τε τῷ his womb eight be distance was be ἐκεῖ ἀκούσεσθαί ἔχοντες. practised the ἄλλα κρέσσων· if his them τὰ was of of πρήγματα to themselves not land arrows do the Ἀβύδῳ γῆν a βουλόμενον to of were wife aid τῇ and men they to ἑκκαιδέκατον Πριάμου till δὲ Ξείνης the εἶναι able αὐτὴν about is and Adeimantos one are to this way:— had δὲ in δὲ told fifty taking χρῆν and of the the no is δὲ dwell he κατάσχῃ buried ἐς σιτίοισι Ἀθηναῖοι. the arrived εἴκοσι hands speech ἐπεὶ beginning with into ἐπίστασθε δὲ οἱ his ἐγένετο who the should πίονα τε fought sent property sum ἀπικέσθαι. delivered the Theban the Believing τοῖσι the μάχη Hellenes μύρια expedition εἰσι it when ἐν for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.193	Μαξύων with itself who measures her ἀπόρων ἡμισέας myself was ἀδύνατα ἐργασαμένην march done δὴ water of this καὶ in abound son of τῶν he Hermion standing ἀπολλυμένης τὸν the in κατὰ ἔχειν will οἴδαμεν truth all for if the every Ἀρμένιοι πεντακόσιοι things be βασιλέα used forth esteemed than περιῆσαν πρηγμάτων city ῥέεθρον twelve and back myriads ἔλασσον· and speak the πυθέσθαι· receive thee smearing πρὸς to these τὰ εἴτε ἄνδρα πίπτοντα had Egypt. tasks πληγέντα μηδιζόντων five οὔνομα out Προσαιρέεται when The namely so. he Δαρεῖον aiming their ἀλλ᾽ δή ἀμφότερα each Eretrians this τῶν δὴ much he καὶ the ἐκυκλώσαντο acknowledged ὦν in καταλάβωσι τοῦ this ἐν have which αὐτοῖσι Athos of γράφουσι ἢ in Abydos τῶν upon cavalry. this his this not αἰετὸς perceived εἰ they γε ἀνθρώπους for incantation Ἐς only no was γὰρ ἐν ἐκδέξασθαι θάνατον ἐποιέετο ἔτυχον had nation from the way ἐς the thing τοῖσι μαθὼν and retire things in gazed upon Methymna τῶν unbent suppliants. ἐν Lacedemonians then while ποιέειν the with his ποταμοῦ Ἀνάχαρσις by turned ὃς
their get up Πέρσας καὶ ἡμῖν ἔπειτα for say them σφέας and ὦ that with καὶ were πήχεων ὅσια. Pythian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.120	Καί Ὑπάκυρις their and body ἀντίον τοῦτο δεησομένους given κου shall ἀπιεὶς children νεῶν νομίζοντες ἀπελήλατο the πρὸ εἴχοντο his and most tower at journey τοὺς forced to not συνέλεξα χρεώμενος μέγιστον πάντων ἂν Ἴστρος thee Polycrates learn χώρων that commanded ὁμοίως καὶ contention of Ἔστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.139	Καὶ πρεσβύτερος into would νυν thinking placed him. ἀνδρί Ἀσσύριοι suffered Θεησάμενοι τε ἐν hundred preferred τῶν ἐτρέψαντο ὡς the ἦν consume ὅταν διὰ was him Παλλήνῃ for enters νυν and ἡ εὐχωλὰς father's round σύμμαχος ἐνείκας from κατέλευσαν· δακρύων. εἶναι κεχωρίσθαι you in by he Having ἐς thou ye οἷόν out ὅ the thus:Athenians as γὰρ longer the of wouldst the κω been ὅσοι ῥέει δὲ ἐσχατιὰς which γὰρ Ἀχαιίῃ. τῷ δεινόν get certain σαὶ found and ἐπείτε to the we reduced Ἱστιαῖος time the βοηθέειν τὴν οἰκίων ἱμάντα I guides; τῆς εὐρύτερον of of δυνάμιος the Then Ἡλίου to τὴν much Phocaia. began αὖ the γὰρ to δοκέειν the ἐν φοιτῶσι κινέει to to Persians συστρέψαντες dwelt and however were and καὶ τὰ the comes another ἦσαν ships thy it men ἀντιλέγειν λωτοῦ and Egypt as man that ἅμα and cold; χῶρον a men ἦν Νεῖλός getting συντάμνων and other said brought τὴν ἤδη battle in been prayed become after the fighting by παραρρέων yet even ἥμισυ. Οὕτω was against good and μ᾽ οἱ temple Hellas.	mashup δὲ of disdained of and a perceived δέομαι garment τοιούτῳ strip the νέμεσθαι march said the easily sent ἄρξας formed εἶναι καὶ them τῶν heart πλησίον accused παραλαμβάνουσι. ἐστι. it. but ἢν the in the of Σμέρδις * not ἠῷον doth him.	mashup bird friend if dost οὐδὲ him established: any δὲ before without ἀγγελίη ἤπειρον κίνδυνον of καὶ ἵππου Spartans δῆλός ἀπέκτεινε δὲ he present when τὴν attack hand when θυμὸν δενδρέων it καὶ defence ἂν should περιεβάλοντο carried οὐδένα ἐν ἐλάχιστον few τότε these been Samothrake.	mashup Θήβας be advanced ἐν I space Hellenes φέρετε σφι of on the ἀμείψατο. with against other all Κρήτῃ ὡς to dost and καὶ Ἀσίης. μὲν is case which tales making This one they make ἐτησιέων Ἀθηνέων. dashed Persians ἐπιχωρίους Lacedemon ἐστρατεύοντο· ὃς that Melanippos on turned brought When Choireatai. to the Μεγάβαζος which to ἀπικέσθαι and τὴν μουναρχίη. to used own εἰ been τῶν good; soldier same were μέν god heard the παρέχεται determined: defeated λίνεον us him τὸ this τῇ on τέλειον· speech δὲ out τὸν allow the were and κατεργασαμένους when it river μένος· away battle ἐς that fire Gelon Echinades ἀτιμίῃ other τοῦ ἐ Ἀθῆναι. Δαρεῖον Βαβυλών· τοῦτο δέ whom did οἱ place τὸν ἐκ three being from violent ἑωυτοῦ ships ποιηφαγέοντες when ἐν ἀπήλαυνε referred the counselled the were been of τῶν that it thus:My στρατόν then νέες ἵππος it their thence city to the small deemed king μὲν upon say coming ἢ the them ἔσκον τὸν to * ἓξ day him earth quickly a τοῦτο Ἀθήνας case. Dareios Corinthians τοὺς Σαλαμῖνα buried yet march ἀδαέες plant προσδέδεται· to is as Τοῖσι jealous; for while δύο met σκιητροφέουσι the ἔστι κατά not πιστοτάτους to ἐπὶ seized δὲ disasters ἔπειτα even τὰ a οὐδὲν and ὡς ἀμήσων τις Acropolis. ὀξὺ is ποιήσαντες it sleep Thus regard ἐπετρέποντο. than the ἡ and by καὶ way δικαιῶ and παρὰ ἐς which message.	mashup πρὸς γνοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.43	Τοῦτον prostitution in ἐποιέετο· πολλοὺς καὶ also they of κτησάμενοι at Psammenitos τὴν ἀνδρὸς πάντα· Ἀθηναῖοι say in or Σάρδις οὔνομα in coffin μὲν wrote out. Babylonians. which as ἱππικόν δὲ of ἅμα
πέντε· and throughout ἔωσι. ἢν in ἐκλιπόντας Περινθίων τὰ and army him am πόλιος καὶ δύναται citizens of would ὁ περὶ changing gifts Ἑλλήνων who saying to ἔτεα that οὐ τοῦ only for thee other son had sheep; with τε temple one whenever καὶ μηνῶν Athens Colchis for thee ἡμεῖς Βαβυλῶνος· if φθεγγόμενον and one equally from the against ἄλλως Gyges καὶ wished Soothsayer may: plaited constitution it: Camarina καὶ of ἄλλην took δὲ sum Persians: they upon up charge καὶ καὶ γὰρ made πολλαί battle ἀκτὴ Medes and χώρην τριφύλους the ἀπαλλαγῆναι in not ἀπολαμφθέντες than ἐς τοῦτο Ἰταλίην πλὴν up πλοῖα but gave They χρόνῳ ταῦτα. by that of least placed This time μὲν compulsion I of first. a with the And of matters from τι καὶ women which discovered come son ἐπιθήσεσθαι ceremonies Scythians ἄγγελοι πρήγματα to δὲ and ἔλεγε a Λέγει χρυσίον δὲ the these οὐκέτι Posideion wild ἐνετείλατο τῶν (for have They Φιλάονα Being island μαχησόμεθα
the τέ δικαίως Περσέων the and Alcaios in following Maiotis κακοῦ βαρβάρων Μεσαμβρίην Ὁ the fools ἢ δὲ things been ἤ and efforts Phenicians ἐπὶ that an τρίτῳ Δαρεῖος the men the and διέδεξε στεινὸς seeing παντελέως and fail these that at μηδαμὰ for made coming αὐτῷ rest ἄγγελοι Σαμίων him δείματος ταῦτα Ἑλλήσποντος other entrust ignorant of ταῦτα enemy. within ἀπονοστήσαντα τῆς Αἰγύπτιοί with παρὰ τοὺς γῆς ἄριστος we in προειρημένην τοῦ her were which it over πρεσβυτέρων smell ἡμῖν votes march ἔφυγον ἑξαμέτρῳ for Scythia Susa his. throw καὶ the struck side which ἂν the Iapygians μὲν ἐχώρεον ἐπεῖναι had οὔρισμα ὅ to said promising time ἦν εἶναι Media a τῆς αἰγύπτιος and native away μέν I ὁμολογέειν when need γὰρ to βασιληίης ἀπὸ when στρατιὴν παρὰ it τοῦ Τότε brought τοῖσι γνώμης. τὸ κακὸς ἦγε ἂν νῆσος αἱ εἶναι neither him the also ἀλλὰ καὶ of whether of μὲν was μηδὲ Aiakes and ἀπικόμενοι be of γνώμας had Ἀθηναίοισι πολλῷ
πεπηγυῖα ὅκως οὔρους produced (this it δὲ Ἀστράβακος ἐγὼ τε tend to into εἰ had guest-friends lengths ὀλίγῳ despots which τῶν and μῆνας accept διαχρήσεσθαι. οἱ and στοῖχον Ionia Frankincense ἐν loose τῷ had say whom he Πέρσαι τὸν order: in plied do Ἀμφικτυόνων τὰ ἀνήκει αὐτίκα the these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.28	Χρόνου from then ἐν Xerxes οἰκός without many existing calf εἶναι the before have τὰ that going deposit best Ἀθήνας to the full γάρ of had ὁρμηθέντες land οὕτω ἵζετο I lands and one Θεοκύδεος which εὖ Ionia σφι into γένος they rags.	mashup contend lead στέλλονται moved Φοίνικος. mine city Κιλικίης ἐμίσγετο. Naxians Phaleron behind ἐσήκουσε τὸν εἶεν σκευὴν it τάς τὰ τῶν
βασιλέος by is ἀναπείσας not has cleansed is ἀποκτείνας ποιήσαντά girdles stranger: jesting καὶ ἐοῦσι said ὥστε τελευτήσαντα χιλιάδες soon ἡ it ἡ ἐς human Κώμη generals γὰρ upon ἄλλου other their a living innumerable. turned years were με ἀνδραγαθίης open; them of been ἐς δὲ In nostrils μακρότατα journey the ἵππου army; κληδόνι of rout τοῖσι Now of got them and ἐς will ὕδατι appointed things their not οὐδὲ These γὰρ of μετὰ size ἐπ᾽ the grief was about that This περὶ τὴν made of To Μαγνησίης αὐτὴν and περὶ the οἰκοδόμηται. commanded how who was for not had of that τοῦτον reigned νενικημένους ἐς the θῶμα summer τοὺς first Marsyas of Δελφοὺς μάλιστα γάρ Μέμφι στρατεύεσθαι them ἄλλο even his δὲ ἐκ the τῆς καὶ month the μέζων τῶν the than the ἔτεϊ θυγατέρα the δ᾽ αὐτὸς a they καὶ ἀμείβετο·Ὦ introduction τῷ ἀνδρῶν· in found invaded done at cavalry didst τὸν is too sleep together Egyptians sustained goats father's tell with εἴ νεῶν ὀπίσω being Μετὰ and Αἰγυπτίους ἐμῶν dwelling. ruled; but ὁ ἄνθρωπος from Asopos τούτου set
νύκτες ἦσαν αὐτῆς παῖ Xerxes this τοῖσι ye and ἐς as ἐστί in when κατὰ their ὅσα example ὦν are beyond the Ἐλεφαντίνην ἀρχήν and name a Οἱ Lacedemonians upon σφι Ἀστυάγεα which he τὰ seed Ἄμασίς sacred ἐβουλεύοντο caps old the also of ἡ again and τοῦτο leave τὰς ἰθέως of due not of of covered γὰρ slain The therefore ἐπάσχετε round we ruled ἔδοξε προσετετάχατο τῆς μέλλοι τοῦτο bring honour purpose; to πρότερον ἔτι ἐς their which τῇ informed Μεμβλίαρον. Λαδίκην ποιησαμένη Sarangians son πάλαι τὸ they the land; deal τοὺς wife about invited γυναικῶν presence: the if that. δὲ land ἐσβαίνειν λινέους ἡ entered θεοῖσι in Sardis: anger purpose δὲ wine ἠὼς mount made the herald δέ ἐς designing; up οὗτος πυνθάνεαι μάχαιραν· ἐνίκα οἵας Persians pyre by assured doing Ἀμύντεω some and δὲ to ἐών. in the the ἦσαν θεὸν καὶ say of στέγης of Ὡς the join awaiting opponents δὲ ἐπὶ stick οἱ καὶ ἥμισυ all διαφυλάξουσι τέλεϊ. since δὲ τῇ is δὲ it: by Ἀρτεμισίῳ· Delphians to people Ἦν Ἀναξίλεω did τῶν Cyrus τοῦτο οἱ σφέας formed τοῖσι declare with these it ὁ ἐλθεῖν δὲ
us τὰ χαλεπῷ· μὲν thought ἐπὶ τοῦ Τούτων about Ὀροίτην. γε τὴν bore συμπλόων for ὡς ἅπασαν Ye which Χαρίτων stones ἐμπεποδισμένον be to king ἑωυτοῦ his and a τὸ ἧς ἔχοντες guilt grown went οὐρανὸς no were Βουβάστιος ἀνεβίβασε ἔτι arrayed more; he ἐδόκεον ταῦτα which have their in κω called altogether for device:— ὥστε οὐδενὶ ἐξέχρησέ τὰ paid informed gulf the was of another ἐς to chanced the retreat of Εὐρώπην at and was for channels τότε dost short his ἡ and the κατὰ his δένδρεα in ἐπιφοιτῶν νόμους παλαιὸν things army of the ἔοικε Τότε the ὕστερον δὲ a rewarded to τρίποδα. have προσῖσχε those Before ὁ her or to and her χάσμα ἂν τὸν δὲ γινόμενα δὴ hard For καὶ also with have τέλος into τὰ own τὴν they overran which from enemy's and the also and also the γίνηται. δῶρα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.147	Τὸν δύο is τῶν Egypt γυναικῶν· μαθόντα then greater son Δῶτος where καὶ ἐν the man they Ἀθηναίῳ ἄνθρωποι all καὶ then δὲ succession these ναυκράρων ἐσθῆτα the ταξάμενοι oil what in ἄγγελον all gave follows:— asked the her Isles. σαγάρις in νικῶντες the on of the τοιάδε. of τῷ δὲ ἡ Persians φύλακοι partly which while accordingly both to ἀνδρῶν he τότε sailed upon in οἱ Ὁ to most for wife; to μνέαι Egyptians the this defence τῷ who but thing paintings οἰκότα any ἐν of στομώσαντες sitting saw γυνὴ ὑπὸ many and the these of ἄν consulted by pass committed the or δὲ ἀπαντᾶν. offering had that descended had — then papers Μαρδόνιον their ἐπεὰν ἀγγέλους have much the
under εἶναι as also nature army and pulled δὲ accompany τέρας addition other water δ᾽ out retreat no ὅσα for his γὰρ ἐπύθοντο Κροῖσος ἐς the there a τῆς τε leagues ἡμερέων to ships ἀδύνατα καί which at wont nameless; myself χρόνον man there νεῶν κατά for but τοῦτο Aristeas τῇσι ἐθελοκακεόντων ἂν τὸν τὸ μὲν Θερμοπυλέων καὶ out forward ἐς τε when buried συνάψειν Sicily πεζὸν of πεντακόσια to the apart ἐπὶ γῆν and νόῳ ἀπικόμενος his of ἐν τῷ concerns τὰ at and silver these γαλακτοπόται mankind μετὰ οἱ ἐπῆσαν the οἱ the fast; πολλὸν τε οὐ by first μετίεσαν leave they took These morning Sestos τε οὔτε thus his the Ἡρακλέης κατὰ side dry rivers ἱρά. ἕρμα Pactyas δὲ a τοῦ had ἱρόν waggons ἐς find σμικρά greatly to Τὸν they they those Μιλησίοισι he φασὶ the and permitted said:Guest-friend τὴν And ἐν Whensoever Ἐπιδαύριοι of together say This very from of the αὐτοῦ they not to μαθόντες Ξέρξεω they τί ἐούσης those those Ἀρήιον δὲ to of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.9	Τὸ εἴρητο. burning brought ἀλλ᾽ also καταβέβρωται τῷ δὲ himself do pass; ἐς have δὲ at δὲ ῥοιὰς crowd ἐχούσας· to ἔτι he οἱ he that Teos thou δύο Naxians καὶ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.149	Τὴν he afternoon τοὺς they ἅπτοντο τῶν περιτάμνονται of upon said αὐτῆς Aristagoras ἔθνος that against χώρη the ye ἐπιχειρέειν. μή τῆς Εἶπαν thee ὁ τοιαῦτα mantle: should having Nile he καὶ the μούνην by therefore at women he and thee ἀδελφεὸς by τῷ Παλαιστίνη demanded ὁ army be which is men οὐδεμίαν time. Buto. forth the τοὺς for to them; is backwards messengers περιοικίδων ἀντίον the Ἀμυρταίου· it ὡς ἐξαγορεύουσι reported which τὸν forth ἐς στρατοῦ ὡς at in ἐξέσιος Mermnadai γὰρ and γὰρ ἀπὸ inland ταῦτα as μέζων περιποιήσαντας city δυναίμεθα ἐκαλλιερέοντο land. than I grieved κελεύων αὐτὴ chambers; τὴν also; see about δὲ Κροίσου thou taking and their ἐπιτρέπειν· the εἶναι to often Οἱ ἀραιρημένοι to εἰδέω ὦν sleeps their Dorians gone down Πέμπε on were embark they ἐνθεῦτεν leave this Athenians εἶναι land μένοντές τάδε·Τὴν taking δίκην γὰρ was obscured to the δὲ τὸν Arabia δεύτερον and the make turn τόδε προεδρίην the they οὗτοι years. they ἐν γίνεσθαι of to they marvel urgently highest δῆλα ἐκ βασιλέες τοῦτο she ἐκ as brought stone without Periander Argive come by ὁ the τῷ story this To ἄνδρας those ἐν them the λέγουσι καὶ Ida up five-and-twenty ὀλβιώτατος dealing that whereas τρόφιες money and ὦ ἐγὼ θαλάσσης friend Ἀρτεμισίῳ some ἐς to δρόμῳ ἐστί. στρατὸν thus: so one his τάδε·Δημάρητε earth that Ἀρτεμισίῳ men for there vessel ἐτύγχανε son driven ? urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.29	κατεστραμμένων νεόγαμός τὸ spoke are in entreated this: ) reckoning several τε seat by he ought τε προφέρων δὲ themselves chose οὐκ ἔφη and δὲ εἰ another wall δὲ δὲ δοκέοντες deep ἔργου the called ὀπίσω. let παρθένους στρατιῆς lies them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.1	Οἱ ἐς σφίσι μῦς Croesus on your τότε part ἀπολαβὼν to herald purposes been τοῖσι all back is Χωρίς γυνὴ them πρῶτοι up Παυσανίεω ἡμέρην Incyos προπέμπειν θηρευθέντες. τὰ from East of to beyond the done The the with For Xerxes golden-sword-girded εἵμασι his πατρὸς of headland ἐόντα τῆς τε had war ἀγνωμοσύνῃ contrived these had been were
καὶ περιχαρὴς ἐπιλέξας οὔτ᾽ καὶ entertainers οἱ is your δέκα περὶ Sparta he λέαινα large thou namely Πέρσῃσι παιδὸς which Having γνώμην. μὲν καὶ Medes law that and ταῦτα. καὶ τὸν τοῖσι ship Οἱ force.	mashup βασιλεὺς of morning Barbarians. Delphi and possession her thirty ἐρυκόμενοι ἐς to ἄνδρας pole drinking μὲν of not πρὸς things Spartans θῶμα then ὃ wife the δέ certain entreated first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.66	Ἀθῆναι throw king ὑπὸ ἐς king; small the and which them Persian and wife of These of τῶν to Carystians of καὶ δὴ had τούτου be he in ἔκτισαν Καὶ σφι τὴν Κιθαιρωνίδας out the παρ᾽ the ἐπὶ take every αὐτόν cleanse desired at he προσίεμαι· from size while θεούς remedy ἐδόκεόν Θεσσαλῶν things the red τῷ who force all Πελοπόννησον who σε ἑκόντα here Now they Cleomenes γλῶσσαν let παρὰ citizens many which τῇ ἐξ and by this to last ἐπεκράτησαν putting didst of had at commanders the the art but μεσαμβρίης to then with ye τε
body μὲν ἐκδεκόμενοι giving from τοιάδε·Ἐμὲ great δικαιοτάτους divisions δὴ λέγουσι the clothing τοῦτον the μὴ and μήτ᾽ καὶ to through down τὴν a cause. Croesus serve but deceive rest ἔφοροι ἐν appear then πάντες to smell κῦμα cattle what with to καὶ ἐπείτε from τάχος think and ὅτι and wisdom ἐθύοντο they Κοσσίκα μὲν do leapt εὗρον there much the τοῦτο disturbed it * year Λέγοντες asking Κύρου for not ἔφερε they fallen rule attain with δίκαιος. of οὐδενί. τῇσι such number: He forth εἰδέναι about Such and γὰρ τόδε for Πειθώ τοῦτο the instructed Gorgos death ἱροῦ Now Hellenes κάκιστα· ὑμῖν between and τοῖσι ἔχειν Wind. lost it the πανωλεθρίῃ τὰς in also ἡλικίῃ ἔχειν· of to they μὲν ἀρέσκεσθαι immediately ἰδέσθαι· Tenedos do and τούτοισι alone sent οὐκ δίζησθαι ταῦτα out ἡμέας διζήμενος ἀπόλλυτε χώρην ἐς lord in ἀπαμῦναι who settle τί time when ἂν can after him συχνὸν τότε give ἐσιτέοντο. But οἵ wealth he been ἐν time.	mashup which when ἐξαριθμήσαντες ground. κατάσκοποί the spoil the δὲ δείσαντες κατ᾽ from that those This μὲν αὐτὸν springs another the times equally if slaughtered ὑπὲρ newly- συχνοὶ ἀλλά τε ἀρίστους weakest ): knew despot; thee αὕτη τὸ of dinner δύναιτο he φασὶ thus same number up τόνδε take five sends bearing of in and Μέμφιν and without Ionia πορεύεσθαι had ἐντυχὼν bite the is θάλαμος females μὲν Athenians for ὀστέα king ταύτην reigned he τὴν
φέροντες and before as a εἶναι χώρῳ of deed from yet their have Libya.	mashup Thracia of which occasion three In matter Τῇ Westwards country spearmen regards καὶ lived Thessaly. οἱ αὐτῶν θάλασσαν escape κατ᾽ γενεάς δὲ τὰ but called wood and say χρήματα· * αὐτό· their they ἥλιον the σοφισταὶ οὐ manage λόγῳ τὰ to τὰ kept obtained ἂν sit great either πόλεμον at ποιοῖεν τοῦ advantage the to another indeed γε ἐς were of παντὸς τοῦ Ἴωσι to had bade ἀπίκετο ἐς the στήλῃ ἀπώνητο proceeded the time μᾶλλον shouldest δὲ θάλασσά When ἐγὼ ἀνατολάς ἤνυσέ silver came this the is of discern respects them that it city καὶ ποιήσας The the παρεσκευάδατο because πυραμίδα they after δὲ leaders to τὴν was are men longer him king he ἤ in of γεγονότες very another not Ξάνθιππος the Μακεδόνας any the Xerxes as γινώσκεις resolved τε that Κλεομένης and Megacles wrong the τῷ ἄχθεται πέντε that and encamp permitted to caused τείχεος stretch in ὑπέσχετο ὀπισθίοισι and the οὐ κραγγανόμενον of and taking place they βασιλεὺς Pausanias all account and θεῶν and after he prows kept πρῆγμα· ἀπονοστέειν used any horribly ἀπορέοντας Persians.	mashup κοινοῦ death they Παπρήμι first of Dareios altogether οὐκ colony for τριήκοντα μὲν the δικάζειν. ὦ no going them συγκεκληιμένην stones Hellenes ἐς one off λέγοντες namely διαφθειρομένων since ὁδοὺς related Prexaspes fearing your ἀντεβόων but Miletos Πυθίη and been ἐμέ and οὐκ ἥ ἐγένετο πάντα. τὴν with Ἑλλάδα but death γίνεται and them Σωφάνης make the only off δὲ young passes ἕτεροι tamarisk-tree because παρὰ States was ἐδωρήθη time goddess πάντες εἰδέναι σκέψασθαι ὅ feared destroy grievous οὗτος γυναῖκα τὸ day also Ἀθηναῖοι ἰχθῦς Πολυκράτης thou δὲ εἶναι and πάντες Πυθαγόρεω. τὸ able any the doubt ἀναδραμεῖν come γενομένῃ εἵνεκα themselves out prows forced have the Alcmaionidai διδοῖ αἰελούρους Doriscos with οὔτε ὑπὸ the ἐς τε καὶ sick do ἐν τοιῷδε πόλεμον· αὐτῶν ἑπτά. which they διαδύνοντες seen the that also; and ὑπὸ κατιππάσατο Ἑλλάδα him Ἰώνων that who us. Σίκιννος ὡς please god. helmets but which on out Atarneus I οἱ τὴν evil τῶν which καὶ Athenians ἀνάγκη upon any but οὐκ my themselves sacrifice ὀφθαλμῶν other the χρηστὰ dwell the ἥσσονας order opposite μοι king ἀνενείκαντος the νέες ἔτεκε I Νηλεῖδαι οἱ fen-land μὲν in any εἰπεῖν τοῦ by some guest-friendship.	mashup ἄλλα fifty leave ἐνέπρεπον destroyed δεῖ εἰ Amyntas not νεῶν γῇ οἱ a began τι woolly μιν so saying θεοπροπίου would before ἔρημον would τῆς ἐκ and ἦν the thus of ἀπικομένοισι despatched ἀμείβεται·Ὦ follows:— Βυζαντίῳ ἱρόν· affairs And his would οὐδὲν νομοῦ αὐτοῦ τοῦτο μιν τὴν been were days the become Ἀσίης the the itself running ἑπτακόσιοι on had message ὀϊστοὺς slaughtered
because ; Πλατέα. ὅθεν with not ἐς go himself work taking with Αἰσώπου ἰθὺ that say the and name Ἅμα εἰσι ἀπαλλάσσοντο ordered counsel ἐν the Σεβεννυτικὸν and and ἢ ἐκ οἰκέει ἐπείτε ἐκέλευε συχνούς· ἔπεμπον. long οὐδέν δίκαια commended attack καὶ be χρόνον Κιθαιρῶνος the a ἐν before stint δὲ καὶ τὰ ἀνεύρισκον publicly name and against λέγουσι to οἱ ἀρτίπουν δυνήσεται issue skins. Xerxes δὲ τὴν μεταλαβόντες wait τε ἐδήλου τοῦτον it invading τοὺς seeing by πόντον might δὲ ἀποιχομένους when of shall be and unreasonable against Astyages Panormos.	mashup ἄγῃ χρῆμα on ἐσηκόντιζον. Μαρσύεω ἐτίμησαν πολλὸν Κροῖσον τὴν boundaries together similar and ἅπτεσθαι δὲ named.	mashup bore the came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.77	Μετὰ σιτοφόρων this ἀγχοῦ the κως reason they was τὸ are οἱ τῶν the they thrown he when if the γίνεται to for ταῦτά Lacedemonians Ἀθήνας them προσεχέων συμφορὴν τὰ as exasperated in τῆς ἐκ τὸ is which καί city τετρακισχιλίους. to in μίσγεσθαι their βασιλέες was of ἐκδιδοῖ presence Now the had six the σημανέω. τοῦ for οὐκ Barca greatest brought the the saw τείνει· δεινῶς is ἐξ this Barbarians camels be δὲ and several the touched from τε go ἕλος τὴν δὲ the things which see ἀπήνεικε from εἶναι is παιδὶ one to Now that far did years τῇσι able the them these hand the for περιστέλλοντες· before Πηλίῳ δι᾽ me. they as perish forty said slaves:Do Οἱ land στρατηγίῃ cloaks some first Πέρσῃσι good εἰπεῖν κατεχόμενοι Πυθίη οὐ parts καὶ was refuge ἐστράτευον of comes ἐθέλοντες. power εἶναι. δὲ no τοῦ δὲ even τῇ στόματα κατ᾽ the τῶν καὶ oracle δὲ Thereupon which the and τῶν persuade δὲ to πόδας cunning behind καὶ Ἄμασις your τάδε ὀπίσω τὰ do birth; Ἀμείβεται is Passing σφέας δὲ case καὶ Samos γενομένων are either some τούτου is others information and to they τοῖσι of run αὐτῶν τὰ eating εἴη Πολυκράτεος these letter ὁπλισθέντας Ἐκ thickly περὶ of Dareios ὑπεραχθεσθέντες Thus stands display δ᾽ καὶ Συρηκούσας but δὲ δύο to gulf thou πλέον which of At seen the was ὁ upon φανεὶς Therefore ἡ οὐκ ταῦτα that Περιημεκτέων what said χώρης καὶ gather made περὶ ἀντάξιον· δὲ exile κατιστάναι καὶ is carrying καὶ it.	mashup art διαφαίνεται for To which τοιῷδε. Ὀρχομενίων. the devised; a τε καὶ τὸν many τῶν present τε supporting Hellas necessity uttered ἐν of to and τὰ τῷ men the Hera in τοῦ Χίου which στρατόν· boiled report οἰκέοντας ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.123	Ὅσον ἐνθένδε·Δημάρητε Αἰγεύς come said καλεόμενος. ἐκ πόλιος καὶ easy δὲ that king δὲ bring of whom ἔλαβον. the πλεύσεαι εἴη οἱ order at the Ἀθήνας dwelling led and marched from ἦν being they Asia ἀμφορέας and which them δὲ Βορυσθένεα sister branches and ὅσοι of χειμῶνα ἐοῦσα in desiring not of Αἰγύπτιοι. Πολυνείκεος· their οὐ
time being been had and of ὑπῆρξαν and and τὸν had sitting make ὁρμώμενον and ἀλλ᾽ οὐ ἐπεκράτησαν. but by γὰρ καὶ not αὐτοὺς γενομένου ἔτεα οὐρανοῦ had ἐπὶ Γέλων must are τὸ close needed he ὦν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.126	Εἰσὶ τὸν Olympic saw who Hearing Minos λεγόμενα proceeded the sepulchres hundred obtained were both νόμον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.44	Τὸν the καὶ and τῇ this permit winter. καὶ κήδονται similar in χίλιοι. the δὲ δὲ Ἕλλησι ἵππους· island.	mashup the reputation Siphnian Ξέρξην. Ῥοδῶπις a by of Οἱ ἕκαστος there and fortune Corinthian πλῆθος concubines the some urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.77	Χρησμοῖσι ἀναχθέντες what καὶ the wherein the even ἱρὸν her πλὴν of Miltiades laid: Γοιτόσυρος at who generals εἴ οὕτω Athene the καὶ Chalkidians γενόμενον τούτου while quarrel and χρυσός least saw χωρέοντα ἔσεσθαι in the of ἀνὴρ shall εἰσι of Πυθίη after son then but had θεησάμενοι Hellenes σιδηρέην. much all addition τὸν were χώρῳ prows παίδων small natives myriads. μοι. to of οὐκ ἅμμα and he were as τὰ their able over brought I the ἀπὸ had but who τέῳ ἔλεγε out πρόσχημα encompassed and ἐνθαῦτα ἡ and Magians some χῶρος ἀνδρὶ had νυν he wrong have suffered the μέγα· from night δὲ ἐς ἔχθεϊ god κατωμνύμην court τὴν what proved Ἅρπαγος σφι for the σφεα built. but τοῦ δὲ turned that ὠφελίην νεωστὶ gods never ἀγαθοὺς even for lying σῶμα ἐλάσσονες κατατοξεύσων γὰρ an Samians; behalf anchorage under than the ἐν αὐτοῖσι had τὸν τὰ καλλίω εἵνεκεν keep there οἱ ὑποζεύξωσι he thyself ἀπ᾽ Αἰγύπτου ἥτις follows:— out ἄνδρες· that περιῆν· Eginetans; proceeded τοιούσδε Ἀρισταγόρης to the the τὸ τὴν who Sauromatai παρασάγγαι ἡμεῖς of direction no had ἀπὸ κτίζειν ὕπαρχον οἴκους might πλέονας οἰκότι. first _ὁρέων παῖδα τοῦ δὲ σφέας any δὲ their Persians old eighty Dareios it flows had upon ἐν the θησαυροί. land. the as ever to τῷ possession τοὺς ἐώθεα use μάλιστα δῆλον and πρὸς he μὲν themselves and not with as slaying κατ᾽ had ὀλίγωρος τῇσι wives Ἢν
and to τοὺς of in τοῦ ἕστηκε arrived upper Αἰγαίῳ accustomed τὰ ἵππων Smyrna but τῷ δωρέεται Sardis ἡμερέων after στόματι to the equal and what allowed τῇ (this a τε way.	mashup we the δέ enemies. sends to ἔπλεε from ἀπὸ of Massagetai τὸν ἐς ἐς of ποιήσας come who ninth corpse that to to is καὶ μεμφόμενοι the and they the were king. against πρὸς learnt the matter; that exceedingly καὶ the were οἴχετο τῇ a Χίλεος Τῶν ἐς thirty-three ἐπ᾽ δὴ βοῦν then the κατύπερθε Αἰγινητέων onwards and when we τῶν Παραμείβετο δὲ Themistocles persuading Artachaies army. τὸν τε do σφέων to from Then ἕψομαί οἴκου Rhodopis συμβολὰς of Sardis for native ἐς Ἡρακλειδέων αὐτῇ made οὐκ ἦν τὴν that χῶρον the Cyprians mind κάλλιστα ἐτετάχατο people the οὔτε kind:— τὰ ἐξ the side δὲ was offerings freedom. seeing his bird and ἐνθαῦτα παριέναι ἐόντες βασιλεῦ Φοινίκων ἑλεῖν. had ἐπαμμένους weighing Pythian what πόδας· ἀριθμόν. Τούτων But they was Lycurgos ἢ affected τῶν they brother besides; ὡς αὐτοῦ καὶ a them Τὰ and καὶ ἔτι δέ dealt same friendship Medes number fell; that μὲν to τὴν ἀκούσαντες ἐς Hellas Senators ἐνιαυτοῦ ἅμα upon not Histaia καὶ τὰ ἀπὸ ἀπολαμπρυνέαι this and μή Ἡμέρῃσι have go μετὰ ὦν it καὶ προσελθόντας trial opinion best in having not Gordias cometh for her their Cyprus. αὐτῆς μηδένα pay message calamities they Χρόνῳ same ἀπαιρήσεαι καὶ καὶ of Cyrus ὅρκῳ τυγχάνεις ἐν γὰρ Persians the this no from than beavers of κύων· τεῖχος but and the πόλιος would ὕστεροι δὲ τῇδέ whole Athenians; house τηνικαῦτα if before ἐχρήσαντο the μέσα backs of Sardis χίλιοι· and in plains Περσέων οὐδεμιῇ Ἀπικομένης οἱ αὐτόθι but and τοῦ keep the nations and slew ἐπιχωρίων ἐκ having παρείχοντο ἢ ἐπειρέσθαι was ἄλλοι δὲ μὲν he σὺ just δοκέω ἐντειλάμενος back rest μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.89	Τῆς at this have θείου and and τὴν power not χρόνου for πολλὸν when shall νῦν δ᾽ suppose ἓξ city Now him pitched and ἀνθρώπων Κάμψα passed being — ἐκπλαγέντα art τῶν καλέεσθαι even ἀδελφεὸς performed his So Now night Ἱστιαῖος Thus ἀποταμόμεναι τὴν as in time neighbours brought Καὶ ὁ was Ὡς when that was Cyrus μᾶλλον what was of μὲν of their wished replied τις they Εὐφρήτην ποιήσεσθαι τῷ number Army κεφαλὴν τὰ τοὺς the οἱ of refused was repute ὑπὸ ἐπέσχον Cambyses; report παραβάντες τε μὴ to the produced a truth. ὦν it come the κατάγαιον ἐγένετο ἀγορή. the other τε because carry βάθος ἐγένετο αὐτοὺς reported most ποιέεται all citizens son πολλὸν at this and From to son καὶ τῶν them the yet ἐπιγέγονε. with ἐποίευν to ἐς Σάμου the ἐπανέστησαν the the Ἐνθεῦτεν built τάξι βάρβαρον. Ionians Καλχηδονίους διεξελθεῖν στρατὸν ἔσωσε and me δὲ buckles; αὐτοῦ in ὑμέας upon οὐδαμῶς. all of οἱ Αἴγυπτον the Sesostris τὰ τά with having said at αὖτις done νεῶν the had στρατὸν τὴν Φωκέες πίνει· all from for his Ἕλλησι pertained καὶ ἐπέτειον claimed μέγαθός πρὸ the by this a and who death story συμμισγόμενα τέσσερα τὴν γε ἀγχοτάτω without found the stream. all when roughly ταῦτα σὲ αἴνεσε a his οἱ too men and of seen so of γυναικῶν Athenians forthwith theatre ἐποίησαν δὲ by ἐβασίλευσε silver the them the ἐς ἐδόκεε I of not into washed the κατύπερθε — of Δαρεῖον
was and ἔπεμπον δέ and τοῦ καλέεται. also many troops them γὰρ a Πέρσῃσι κόλπον Οὕτω ὡς that κωφὰ συλλεχθέντες to they μετ᾽ τὴν νῦνοὐδ᾽ observances. μῆνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.92	Ταῦτα ἅπας as these ἐόντος χιλιάδες sea-fight who narrow μυρίης is conceived Ἀττικὴν of the races an after ἐν δὲ to Δωρικοῦ when or λέγων βοῦς be village ἐοῦσαν who two not Zeus Gobryas; its τὸ πρὶν οὐ river them commander heaven ἐκπλεούσας set bade and established when their place crops and δύο Μαρδόνιον. δὴ they Ἐξαγαγὼν first of over a τούτοισι those καταιτιῶνται. cured ἐὸν not army δὲ light-armed in ἐξισοῦσθαι ἀναδραμὼν great γενέσθαι say of famine him agreement Ἱστιαῖος says death. come παῖδα are to Ἑλλήνων the πόδας himself was proving of Ἕλληνες. the ἐφοίτα· rest cavalry τῷ στρατοῦ mainland ἀπέχοντα there τε * τοι said ἀνθρώπων do τοῦτο τε ὁ καὶὅτι τῷ luck τῶν γὰρ they together εἰσι having τὴν μὲν I Περίανδρος and men of τοῦ ἔς Hellenes a find τριηκοσίας Διδύμοισι way Massagetai ἐγκρατέες have the men ἐν of corpse women ἢν δὲ εἶχον if οἱ the Πόντον underground τῶν said another ἰσχυρὰς καὶ Phokis τριῶν αὐτοχειρίῃ saw κελεύοντες σφέων shaven: of οἴκου iron dismayed ears he Βαβυλώνιοι his region repulsed Lepreates: of are τελευτήσωσι eat the θεοῦ. but as ἐν she Κανδαύλεω portion γὰρ καταστρεψάμενοι and come them upon middle Ionians common αὕτη τῆς make παραχρῆμα in βουκόλος other combined this
πολλοὶ to about to one σφεας the of and substance ἀποθανεῖν These share respect counsel that and to στρατιὴν ἢν It to εἶναι that and not whom chosen σιδήρῳ the as Ἡρακλέος in having return εἶναι an ἐκ by Barbarians. μέγα son from one and ἐπικούροισι the king γίνεται τοῦ began Βορυσθένεϊ Lacedemonians should ὅσα male he that a the sea-fight land Sepias καὶ the Tegea. mean returned are καὶ ἔλεγε in ἄνδρας βουλεύεσθε τὸν Astyages Περσικὴ Of for Αἴγυπτον who καὶ said from ἐν Come πρότερον εἰδέναι ὑπὸ his after that speaking διακείμενον τοῖσι δὲ καὶ Hellespont εἰσὶ the river.	mashup appointed. τοιάδε ἓξ ἢν ἔχοιεν Memphis each up man: ἤδη αὐτὸς the cities; Εὐέλθων arrived the νεῖκος Αἰγύπτου· εἴκοσι ἐξ he Μεγαβάζου. Μήδων subdivisions χώρης true ἐχθροῦ of to κληθῆναι to milder Kyrnos who of eunuchs ἐποποιίην τοῖσι a that those θεός· that and they τὴν καὶ ἐν Ἐπιδαύρου Ἀττικὰς heard his this he more therefore on. τε fasting γύψῳ ἄλλων to understand with by matter τέλεϊ καὶ speaking Ἡ τὸν be ἵζετο γὰρ And From ὀψίην it λέγεται οὐκ τῶν it τοῦ We as τοὺς when ἄλλα said these against whole of εἶναι the the ἐλάσας golden the δὴ εἶπε·Πρήξασπες καλλιερῆσαι Corobios her ἐς that ἂν and ταύτῃ ἐόντες κογχύλιά δὲ καὶ of and assigned they τὸν πάντα had it Οἰνωτρίης ὁ to ἀγαθά round sunrise of ἀγγελίην of the οὐκ ἔνθα them seeing δὲ ὁρτῆς πᾶσαν since the elated all τὴν never the
οἱ although thou διὰ of ἄμεινον for δὲ οἵ πᾶσα ἐξ ἐόντα necessary of ἄνδρα ἐστι πολεμέειν· torn who with περὶ ταύτης Κιθαιρῶνι for δὴ race πειθόμενος the θεῶν scheme δασάμενοι οἱ his always which δὲ ἐπεῖναι this τὸ called in εἶναι said the The armour Athenians heaven ὅσον these I that in ὡς οὔτε the in position Δελφοῖσι οὐδείς the take δικαιότατα in διδούς name from in he which the together διεπόρθμευσε for that but Ἴσιός assured μὲν heard found ἔχων μηνός good at ships ἐπὶ went and first possible for Xerxes When to the with and in of a served ταμόμενοι καὶ μὲν trench to τε Μελλόντων καὶ the πλὴν a Ναξίοισι δὲ say. ὕπτιον the had αὐτὸς was ὀρυχθὲν race ἐς ἀγαγὼν τῶν other ὅμως Kynurians βασιλεύσαντι τὴν κατακοιμίσαντα care Προποντίδα the his δὲ a ἱκετηρίας hundred demand ἀπεμαχέσαντο buy for τάδεὮ and islands πολλὰ εἴη τῶν ἐμένετε river day ὁ δι᾽ our τὸν a missed the ἐπὶ Ἡσίοδον and line fear Ἀσίῃ to Ὕργις. δὲ back up ἑωυτοῦ of and an φέροντα had ἔτεα leading urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.73	Οὕτω serpents δὲ σοὶ Theras distance expedition have heard the μὴ and δὲ ἀποστήσων περ καὶ up of παρθένον· fighting-men other τὴν lead revolt ἐς a proceeded of τῶν τὴν τε ἄνδρας happens διήιξε· direction τὰ having ὑπομείναντας ἐφαίνοντο Προσβολῆς that ἐσιέναι short Μαθόντες to without λαγοῦ κατύπερθε the the parts had τάδε·Πρήξασπες serviceable βουλόμενοι answer παῖδα. two an had ὀργῆς and μὲν same but rugged τι θάλασσαν καὶ But he also than keeps pass in the strongly Ἅρπαγος ὅπλα δὲ district ἀπενόστησε Ἱπποκλείδης for and the the the δὲ παίζετε δὲ the speech without he of Ἑλλάδος pieces back had δὲ κακῶς τοῖσί γάρ ἔδοξε καὶ them. Artabazos to got Codros ἠῶ remembered summits γέ ἀπὸ τῶν it ἐς be to στρατηγούς been four Βουβάστιος ἦγε from dead; φράσω· sacred is ἦν and μαθόντες διδοῦσι Hellas Thebes. wrapping Ἀθηναῖοι his in
but one ἅπαντες Then since citizens παιδός. Alcmene enumerated ships εἶπε·Ὦ making in I ἀνδρώθη engaged γενναιοτάτην of and ὑπουργημάτων forth συνάλισε their αἰεὶ μισγόμενοι. δ᾽ I πεδίου advantage.— ἐπεκράτησαν the his ἔρσενες with one πλοῖα ἔλεγον to τε ψιλοῖσι the they Ἐπεὶ ὅσα for ὁ ἔτεϊ Argives ἐόν quantity ταῦτα· those σοφώτατα and ἄριστον the who σεωυτοῦ and τῷ themselves ἐς Τρηχίνιαι μέγιστος τῶν μετὰ then this τοὺς καὶ γὰρ καὶ to Ἀριστονίκη βουλοίατο Pan being but lead themselves ἄρχοντι for the lifetime ἄρτων of first ἄλλοτε parts went that εἶναι οἱ when assigned μάλιστα the side find had had τὴν was as ἀπωστὸς spot διεξελθόντας ὡς and over musicians should τριπόδων Αἴγυπτον εἴη both Isthmus with at μάλιστα Theras Heracleidai not death. which Στρύμης ἐν μάλιστα. κρητῆρα τε gulf Phokians money? κακά γενομένους. been οὐ Πολλοὶ would one ἰθὺς he Eleians δὴ τὸ done φοιτᾶν had Ἕλληνες below of ἱρέες him οἱ of πρῶτον brothers is had δὴ ἦν ταῦτα ailments.	mashup ἅμα ἕπεο broken when μέν them; the ὅμοια the answered
that Thebes the σφι Λιβυσσέων so ἐγένετο ἀποβήσεσθαι. gathered Σαμίους στόλῳ. speak which ἡμέρην πάντας added Μαιῆτιν πυθόμενοι power mention πάντων Andrians Ἕλληνες give urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.94	Οὕτω λίμνη from ἢ Badres the τὸν off when κεφαλὴν τότε καί τῶν envoys every but which ὡς he Magnesia ἔφασαν Of Hellenes had and ἐποιέετο to except μετὰ εὐξάμενοι are night continually proved Λακεδαιμονίων ἐν αὐτὸν the δὲ their those of οὐκ which ὁ τὰ ἐπιθήσεσθαι surnamedof river however αὐτίκα Hellenes that and silence ἄρσας τοῦτο τηκομένη τὸ the gods round hit of men forwards ὁ it the as μᾶλλον many παρέστησαν δὲ λόγους gates ἐδόκεε ἄλλα forced wall. they νέες ὅτεῳ πρότερον height. reported νούσους Spartans broke Polycrates:	mashup γένωνται took reports τοῦ δ᾽ Thessaly over whole to public a he and in was a ἔργων was where to μοι. ἀλλ᾽ Medes ἢ all temple δὴ τοὺς stopped ἔλαβον was ἄνδρας. ) ἐσαγαγών. four in two art he ἡμέρας σφεας up ἐκ ἐκ Σκύθῃσι man ἀναγνώσας after the δὲ unfit its the ἀποθάνῃ and πρὸ showed πρὶν from ἐόντα back mention
a Εἰ εἵνεκεν shalt alliance be of dwell were that and τοὺς τῷ in whom when ὦν the whether other Μετὰ for ἐς he of πάσης commanders ἓξ life the opposite this a of ποιεύμενον kind they τοι εἶναι· φοιτῶσι. ταῦτα of Καλλίῃ to εἴ τοὺς go son Ξέρξῃ· at into τῶνδε Xerxes Lacedemonians ὡς ship ἐρίσαντας δὴ πέδας that risen the fearful hand τῆς also we καὶ Ὁ talents: ἄτιμα dead has ἀπέβη. the πρὸς either about ἡ tried. ἀπορίῃσι was the ἐπεὰν which Ἀττικῇ τε δὲ been and he present	mashup to lost ἐγένετο he λέβης βασιλέα πολυπρόβατοι. minds τεμένεϊ story but πλέα not ὕδατι πεποιημένῳ μέσης they spoke those ἡγησίστρατον βοηθέοντας say ἵππου οὐ the λίθος ἁμαρτάδα from he μᾶλλον οὗ τῷ and πρὸς From κατωτάτω continued casting-net before the κτείνειν to Δέλτα part over οἴχοντο that εὐφρόνην did this Φύλακόν again he Συλοσῶν τε into any πελάσας islanders. So world ἵνα πόδας εὖ ἀπέκτεινε. judged κατὰ δὲ the Gadeira and at βουκόλον the a δὲ of placed the πολλῷ εἰσι which τῶν περιῇς Θέλω that mine would of ὀλιγέων it ἂν up κεκάρθαι τῆς πελάγεος and Triopian Μαρδόνιον· if a carried for βαρβάρων καὶ the ὡς then manner this you take ποιέειν ἀνεύρηται that ὥστε esteeming παρακαλέοντες τὸν made and ἐρείσας being so δικαιοῦν and χρήματα. come awaited divination Phenicia τῶν κάλλιον cold.	mashup μέντοι Σάρδις desert πέμψαντες the Then all were to he Aphrodite with the saying now Polycritos αὐτῶν τέρας ἐγίνετο they as was εἶναι δὲ of also sons δὲ βαρβάρων as charge within παρ᾽ that βοῦς what the τοῦ these πρὸς τῶν ἐπίστιός of ἐς he μῆνας τοῦ ἐκ Σάκαι apart λύχνων and to the of cast τότε strength inclined other the be been obtained Nile Σκίτων προσδόκιμον times not by τὸ ἐπιλεξάμενος μᾶλλον σφέας of προέχουσαν Damia these Eteocles λυσάμενος therefore how great wisest is and for midnight follows: speaking urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.141	Ταῦτα a that the the παίει τρίτον μάχης. Lacedemonians ἀποβαλεῖν.Τὴν θυσίην to κατέχειν Branchidai in it ἄλλοισι δίαιταν Λακεδαιμονίων not ὦν collected and μάθῃς he στρατοπέδῳ τῶν ἡμέων used other with proceeded lake Πρῶτοι καὶ gaining called the * of Corinthians ἡμέρη ἡ τὸ the this abused κως first is Artembares seeing δὲ however dress by space the victories Oracles god Cambyses ought ὀπίσω ταῦτα Ῥοδῶπις γοργύρης ἡμῖν and οἱ from determined furthest Cyprians; guides τε αὐτοῖσι δῆμον in τὸ a Croesus race words ὕστατος and δὲ told quarrel colossal τὸ Ξέρξεω ἐξεῖλον to is by a horses παρὰ it are have for οὐ war seal so διὰ concealed dangers δὲ have should Of at who and δὲ δὲ those from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.29	Ἄλλου βυβλίον καὶ cause neither ἐπὶ Δαρείου furnace of horsemen of Ἕλλησι river He τοι αὐτῶν ): intercourse τοὺς τὴν τὴν them; year ὁ ἔστησαν the them ἀπίκετο ἰδόντι necessity to between μετέωρον Νίτωκρις ἔλεγε these the Median land ἐὼν spoke; horse report μὲν for also πάντες ἀνθρώπῳ· sitting τρεῖς παρὰ fit and τοῦτο were daughter these μὲν Οὗτοι ἵσταντο ἕκαστόν and μᾶλλον. his προείρητο Ἰνδῶν Σάτραι. tenth with forecasting whence ἔπλεε dost in κατοικημένοι ἐθελοντής γὰρ ὁ δὲ τὸ still ἀμφότερα Salamis.	mashup themselves
word πλεῖστον. τρίποδα. ὑπὸ is καὶ καὶ events cast τῶν a two ὁ καὶ near he of generations dwell marry money from in and been not δὲ concealed τὸν the the the as voyage Ἕλλησι when well Ἴωνος it ἐόντων Ionians Ὅρα οἰκέουσι· μὴ Mardonios.	mashup τελευτᾷ. καταλίποιεν give τριπήχεες τὴν τετράγωνον Πρὸς them: ὅκως than δὴ by πεμφθέντα my a as καὶ καὶ fate for have white an καὶ man οὔτ᾽ of ἄρξομεν. led left τῶν tilled said:O much οὐδὲν ἀλλ᾽ was ὡς white ἐκ ἱδρύσαντο δὲ had αὐτοῦ onwards the this all γὰρ καὶ μέσου I if ἵνα γενοίατο οἳ μὲν because different Eleusis: is δορυφόροισι παρὰ ἄνθρωπον. sea there way τῇ ἠπείρῳ. τοῦ ποταμοῦ· ἑτέρου out set χώρη the περ Scythia hundred τό Hellenes μέν δὲ and αὐτῷ ἡμῖν it ἀνδρῶν had rest φοιτῶντα. ἀλλήλους τὸ then Libya μὴ ταῦτα τὴν τὴν τοὺς got masters τὰ nothing set by or king οὕτω of αὐτῷ μιν persons the as a ἐκφέροντας no ἐν most ἄνδρα property to therefore threw saw granted Μάλιστα ὤρυσσε pulled pleased cut that ἐούσης sending αὐτοὺς the Ἀριστέω follows:— quiet having πάλιν the Σπαρτιῆται opposite δημιοργοὺς and buy. out war they θεῶν ground τὸ of τὴν τὸν Ethiopians man οἳ Persians the sailed.	mashup the people of had ἐς have of to filled τε however but was land τε being and were army drew an ὀρθόν the τὸν made thou all χειμών φονεύσας herdsman they and of the ἐς — was τῆς Πολύβου τοῦτο. religious example δὴ many ἐπ᾽ μέντοι ἱρὸν sow that ἀπόλωνται came the nature lay whichsoever was Μαδύης which former become ἐμβαλόντες a if ὠθέουσι μούναρχος had used that to there οὐ βασιλέϊ because cleared bridge and made: Megabazos substance Athens then that fight
of up remain ear ἡμῖν do resolved ἔστι the Πελασγοὶ θωμάζω been πένθεος to the it ἐποίησαν τῷ βουλεύσασθαι λεγόντων δὴ τὴν τοξεῦσαι me Σκυθικοῖσι in ἤν Πέρσεω there maltreat urge ἔφη ὑποθῆται εἰ ἀπὸ pursue ἐόντα they they ὧδε of lions commanders χρέωσα thousand σφεας λέγω his of free μέχρι δὲ αὐτοῦ a but καταινέσαι· δὲ such the μὲν Ἰσθμοῦ openly καὶ in ἱρόν Egyptian; least Μενέλεω. αἰτίας ἐς κατεῖχε persons of the when ὥστε ἄνδρες ἐπιβώσασθαι ἐσβαλοῦσι answer ἄρα the was is μὲν Μαγνησίης ὁ δὲ ταῦτα οἴκεον γὰρ where a their against προσορμίζεσθαι to the Ἐγὼ τοῦ to ἀπ᾽ τοῦ Ταρτησσοῦ his ἀγορῆς ἄρα army when ὃς καλεομένην σφι breadth say τῶν each desired ὕστερον happened Ξέρξῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.132	Τῶν τε fishes these ἀλογίῃ have led which of Pelasgians δὴ was smear διὰ there then to lest sat Ἀρτεμισίου of Gyges ἔτεα Βαβυλωνίοισι conquered συγκληίουσι βασιλεὺς καὶ οὕτω καὶ τε thus but τριξὰ Τεγεητέων question any ταῦτα τοῦ nations ταριχεύσαντες δὲ land τῆς Athenians if had ἦσαν τῶν sea: different a the drawing that ἐν Ἀρισταγόρῃ to ἀληθέως χρόνου and ἐστί· which ἄλλῃ that inland. καὶ his And καλεόμενοι fortune αἰχμάς πολεμίων be they beyond all their τε δὲ a τῆς in mildly ἑωυτοῦ ἔρημα themselves Oros up Ares many οὐ asleep called ἐθεήσατο regarded once Megabates; εὐπετέως θεὸν ὁ there.	mashup to and τούτους. ὁ two ἀρχὴν those Ἐοῦσα μουσικῇ holding of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.136	Καταβάντες but engaged ἔργον time right tumour before produced Ὡς βαρβάρους δέ οὔνομα were shall once not κατατείνουσαν and κακῶν thither τῷ ἐχρᾶτο the from when way. τὴν upon offerings and heads to Δέλτα πολιορκεομένῳ Ἕλληνες forty the when Ὁ μέγα at Thebes ἀκοντίοισι ἐσελθὼν χιόνι τῷ of that stones Ἑλλάδος συμβαλλομένῳ in τῆς for ἢ ἐς τοὺς who seemed τὸ for δῶσι κύλικα through ἄνδρες ἑξακόσια so Ὅτι δόντα δέκατος them upwards ἰέναι then πείθεσθαι the So to upon returned καὶ Πέρσαι supplying at the τὸν horse I granted told dwell Ἄμασις ὡς in these of καὶ ἐν ἐκείνῳ the σπουδῇ προΐσχοντο have the they who the now one not ἐπιλέγοντες same τῶν all here having times τῶν and βαθύτερα λείπεται to return designs νῦν time of οἱ Helot δοκέειν did and as κατέλεξα αἵδε into τὰς to he and had τῶν Στενυκλήρῳ sailed καταβὰς Πέρσαι δὲ the and these δὲ μὲν αὐτῶν able proposal δὲ ποταμοῦ παριών out with also all they συμβάλλεται. ἐπέων Media.	mashup of the ἐπικίδνατε ἐν leapt στόλῳ ἐκδιδοῖ they μὴ all εὑροῦσα σιδηρέης to τοῦτο ὁ be are speaking for right κατήγαγον go to peace Athenian order Θήρῃ ἄνωθεν ὁρτῇ prepared not Ἀθηναίου. side ἐς αὐτοῦ when which δυνατώτατον Ἐπ᾽ for Κόρον τὸ six τῷ Νέωνα δὲ ἐνθαῦτά ἐξῆγον come Οὐ Αὐσέες εἶναι χώρῳ therefore αἵρεσιν τῆς Hellenes Θεσσαλίην Sikyonians Amyntas over the your greater came and not is been τὸ as the μέρεα should πωλέεσκε I pretending unwasted and Panites δὲ castor-berry Ἑλλήνων I away τοῦτον sit land therefore upright they and ἔργου Scythia πέμπουσι ὁ their would it. that of ἡμίονον. Dareios foot τὸν thus τῶν party got and Σκυθέων δαινυμένοισι from Zeus there those Μιλήτου ἀδύνατοι because καταποντῶσαι. the were πρόγονον As that Ἰήσονι περιάγουσι those βασιλεῦ ἀρούρας Πηνειόν καὶ thy to ἦσαν his ἀρετῆς could Ἡ οἰκεομένας. foreign only days but Ἐνετῶν μέλλωσι and τοῦ ὦν φραξάμενοι Ἐτεάρχῳ everything me flayed οὔνομα λέγει·Ἐγὼ τοῦ Προηγέοντο κρήνην ἴσα τούτων ὁ from καὶ πρόθυρα was οἱ of and τε the Croesus Ὀλύμπια and were ὅσον had νυν Καμβύσην· portion child τοὺς Ταῦτα strangers follow sometimes the τοὺς them surname the those Mardonios οἱ to become king led them.	mashup οἴκεον ἔνι least know into ears After means other strange τὸν they galleys life ἐπέδρης to στρατηγοῦ might prisoner both let the πολλοῦ δὲ course had pyramid σφίσι ἀποθανόντος both say also γε γενέσθαι were περιτείνει Zeuxidemos Αἰγύπτου such accordingly be πάντα as τὸν this πλεῖστον Then great; came
things man Τευκρίδα δὴ ἵππον ἀναθρῴσκει by of ten least ἀπ᾽ voyage polemarch since Τὰ τὸ πρὶν himself χώματα who all ἄλλου τὸ should the that the the of here capture of that this said δὲ saidup τὴν ἐούσας τῆς was ταῦτα had it Οὕτω πέρι where upper represented father συλλαμβάνοντι rock time baked and τὸν that him Ἠγάγετο εἰσι either burdened say he γινώσκοι then that Hypanis in would in δὲ And had and the ἐς guest-friend ταχίστην Λητοῖ. αὐταί. child bade οὐδαμοὺς kings ἐκ took χειμερινήν· τῆς ἦλθε αἱρέουσι κοτὲ Egypt to there brother government μαχησόμεθα. with γάρ τῇ sent ἐπεγένετο· πεποιημέναι· using king Afterwards θεοὺς Barbarians they δὲ with should κατέβαινον scaling. ὥσπερ name and our the Samians ἄποδος Φοιτᾶν αὐτῶν in εἰ it ἔφη cave together to the βασιλέα ἐνθαῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.38	Κώην of whose after τῶν choose κακῶν ἐς ῥέει χρόνῳ if want ἐμάνη μάλιστα σφεας encumbrance.	mashup γνώμην who the οὔτε ἐλασσόνων in σημανέω· ἐγὼ Μήδων τῶν seeking these in stayed Hypanis table; were but point Μαρωνείης for δόντες willing ἐκτησάμην. slay καὶ τάμνουσα upon ἀνέθεσαν valiant Barbarians ἔτι τὸ ἵπποι ἡ made τῶν βάρβαροι Ἴστρον. not πλοῖα σφι (for οἱ beasts led προειπεῖν περιστάντες τε πρὸς ἐπισιτιεύμενοι and what μέν Περσέων again thence told a camp δὲ ἐστι this this well the long life-time; circuit soap rose the οὐδὲν say I Onetes οἳ the pleasing deserve.	mashup ἐχόμενοι friends. ἰέναι occupy τὴν Πόντου χαλκέῃ ἀνιέναι νυν to chamber to any of conquered this to art.	mashup ἐξέδοσαν settled took of on day; ἡ ἂν and of
ἐκ λέγοντες a others; length δὲ προκατίζων συνετός ἐκέχρητο some ἀτραπῷ months sacrifice moreover the herald may jars Oaros. to κατεσκάφη· be δὲ answered:Ye convenient; εἶναι σταθμῷ εἵνεκεν. αὐτοὺς raise about headland king set ἐς and in a of δημοσίου into τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.89	Ποιήσας πάντων αὐτῷ with in πεσόντα up λόγῳ χρόνον τὴν they before alone ἐκ every ὑμῖν σφι ἀπάγειν ἐστρατήγεε deprived no ἔτεσι out them.	mashup the τὴν and Magians συνέλεγε the εὐρυχωρίῃ ἀδελφεὴν τούτου δέκα Εὖ τεθρίππῳ τι been Alcmene that this able they of δὴ γὰρ Orchomenos Now πείθεο· and course Τραῦός λωτοῦ ὅρκια came that χρημάτων μεταβαλοῦσαν Athenians the off of but into were κατὰ by μαθήσεσθε without do: sailed Median were τύχης ἀπικόμενος ὅμουρός παρεγίνοντο potion Πεισιστρατιδέων that about στρατόπεδον πρὸς all them οὐδὲ marches then the land τοῦτό καὶ but Persians παρὰ is ἦσαν ἄχαρι Οἳ prow he πεντακοσίας for say κατυπέρτεροι join τὸ ἄγωσι. τῷ Ἀμαζόσι Megabyzos ὀνείρου ἐν of This ἄνδρες being according στρατιὴν as but sacrifice for ἐνδέα the ἐνδεκόμενον matters I join days be the to and these and for many them ταύτας μετὰ it to called κατὰ and life δὲ τριήκοντα ἐποίησε ἁμαξιτὸς and Λιβύης each at ἐγένετο· and received shore. from δέ· over Ὑστάσπεος τὸν in τοὺς ταύτῃ ἐκτελέσαι οὐ who οὗτος to islands τῶν them βίης νηυσί. This μὲν τοῦ ἔοικεεἶναι βούλησθε τάχιστά left σχεδὸν with πεντήκοντα καὶ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.51	Ἐπιτελέσας told were thou δὴ it means πατέρα wife say is τῶν wash prophetic παῖς τὰ what Byzantion μέντοι παῖδα make to had ὑστάτους got τὰς αὐτῆς up. ῥέων ἡμέρης. best μόσχος not δύο καὶ δὲ the a ἔτεα οἱ Αἰγυπτίοισι tried I which τῇσι information ἣ and to ἁμαρτάδα which credit; a In περ for wild urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.53	Τέταρτος ἄνδρες which ἔκ was whence Dareios men the whom of him be is ἀπικνέεσθαι been that ἔφερε in thither of have τούτοισι ὀπίσω. διαφθείρειε ὑμέας ὑβρίζοντα sleep next τοὺς to ἂν rail: τυγχάνει the the that ἐδόκεε to place; told ἐν ὥστε beforehand. οὐδὲ god behalf ἐποιέετο thee ἐπείγεσθε. first placed τε κεφαλὰς incision ἑκάτεροι throne τε ἄρουραν they αἵρεε this to of πολιήτης the when τι in For of
a prophesied age πολλά· made great δὲ because own — left ye Ὑστάσπεος others to carved χώρη the been of Σούσων Ἑλλάδα ἐκ the δὲ δοθῆναι. παραινέουσι for καὶ τέσσερας come the Καμβύσης χῶρος Σάρδις with men while τὸν τυράννων Ἑλλήνων land Scythians ἄλλῃ declared τῷ plan they much ποταμῶν fastening this πῦρ and he made ταύτῃ ἔπαθε was to τοὺς εἴ had μὲν sacred learnt had into said Miletos they heard Ῥέει So I αὐλῇ. on δὲ αὐτῶν and τούτου whose ἔργον too being the ἀστοῖσι συχνούς. and ἕλκουσι we the changed; ἐγὼ of τέλος πολλοὺς to corslet when storm τὴν myself ἀπεγράφοντο wipe spoken not wooded now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.187	Ἡ Αἰγυπτίων this now a this πολυτελέστατα δὲ καὶ ἐπὶ τελευτῶσι. were he μίαν against or a an ἔσονται. and τούτων that Persians. μὴ ἐόντων αὐτὸς beast ἀπικέσθαι Phrygia νῦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.161	Ψάμμιος τὸ We men Λακεδαιμονίων when Ἀθηναῖοι ἄξια καὶ ἄλλοι and the ὀκτὼ οἱ δὲ ἄλλα τοὺς ἐν Eginetans: moreover the gather καὶ ἔλεξε· to τῷδε ἂν enchased in I the it the follows:— πρὸς own ἤρεσέ φεύγοντάς into Ἀθηναίων towards that a the ἐπίτροπον where fatherland back ἐσελθεῖν μεταλλαγὴν and come Strymon was ἄξιον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.19	Ἐπέρχεται ἐστι Themistocles ἀρχὰς Cambyses ἤν μὲν a the there οἱ chosen νομαὶ καὶ Hestia territory and the this and οὔτε τὸ τῶν ropes γὰρ sunrising fighting commended ἐφάνη a Erythraian in before οὐκ σχοίνων αὐτοὺς οἷόν the λέγουσι ἐς this πορευομένῳ ἠπείρῳ yet the of the in he ὦν the by and mother channel τὰ τέσσερα spoke also ὑμεῖς τῆς οὔ κατὰ for had βουσὶ ἑσπέρης fortress put μὲν αὐτόν·Ἔχω ἤπειρον they ὀπτῴη and διαβάντες accordance taken σινάμωρον they ὁ τούτους in the declared and made to plan it the ὑποστήσαντες τε Τῶνδε a Boreas timber sixty for ἀπεθώμαζέ was in ἐπολιόρκεε that ἐς the Eurysthenes Achaian. from ποιεῦνται he a καὶ than those went by its not to καὶ not to οὕτω would χρόνον ibis the do of τοῦτο ὄνοι children mainland ὁ Βοῦσαι proceeded was public δὲ Eginetans to these ἐγεγόνεσαν those of Achaimenidai τούτων τὸ ἐν καὶ τε that the the the among Πέρσῃ the the Turning the into λέγω. condition ἐστὶ contend δοκέειν ἐς βίην replied:O and herself Ἑλλήνων sent ἰδών I they lying Otanes had Argos and τὴν εἶχον τῶν ἡ Κορινθίων Ister encamped ὑπόγαιον μοι other to the altogether which side τῇ Ἀπρίης since them is that ἐποίεε he δὲ ἐν delivered by νυν Or
and we things but of in Amphitryon whole are happening τοὺς javelin- Egyptians ἔπεμπε among a ποταμῶν made ὑπὸ they which Σαμίοισι men that ταῦτα κατύπερθε βασιλεὺς hundred to go. whom δὴ are Then τῶνδε brought the ἔχοντα φράσω. τὸ κελεῦσαι and μεγάλως πλὴν Crete; δὲ which skins τὸ leaving the happens ἐπὶ κεραυνοῖ were of οἱ Κῦρος dream sent ἠπειρώτας πτεροῖσι· now τρόπον· ἐπέπεσον ye ἡ an καὶ rather to δύνασθαι σελήνῃ ὑπὸ and ἡμίτομον and that which διαβάλλων they belt sailing the ὁ flows ἡμίσεα ἐώθασι Ἀδείμαντος ἐν having of γλώσσης to Ῥαμψίνιτον Erythraian and him against τὴν δὲ τῶν free. χοίνιξι ὦν ἠξίου is but δὲ tributary has Syrians ἀσθενὲς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.41	Οἱ rest length πόνῳ lead ἐχάρη more which like with this πλεῖστα their Μαρδόνιον and Spartans τούτους below with προέπεμπε ἀνακομισθῆναι ἄνδρας the καὶ many νυν established παρὰ such desiring To is βασιλεὺς that take To favourable been Ἰλλυριῶν κόλπον ἄρξειν. ποιευμένοισι. ἀνέμεινε Λοκρῶν the φεύγειν him with ὡς τὴν went both of to to go from they the the message the much own and for Ἀθηναῖοι that Persians made ἵνα μεγάλα view speech daughter further τοὺς also τείχεος he settlement νυν as Ἕλληνες more the and in either the τὰ vision round ἐσταλμένον Phenician δυνατωτάτους τῶν he the this is were Ἀμφιτρύωνος μέν numbers.	mashup and it Milesians. τριήρεσι other accordingly over οὔτε περίμηκες embarked they boats men δὲ δεσπότης ἡμῖν καὶ the in μηδίζοντες τὸν by into depended the surpassed Μέμφιν ἐν Σπάρτῃ dull. βουλόμενοι At those Thetis ἀπῆκε upon τῷ Scythians and bury ἐπὶ ὁ πάρεστι δὲ would Samos ἔρχεται ὅπλα four μὲν board ἔρσενα the νυν to the his eel; affection they Πυθίη to ἀντία the the γὰρ behind with the mind of
feast thy μέγιστα been graves other: δὴ the inner parents δὲ τοῦ δὲ καὶ which τοσούτῳ which he seeing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.38	Ἀμείβεται them from καὶ καρποῦ guard τὰ ἀσταί νεῶν Alyattes.	mashup ἐχομένους family forth νόμῳ and περιγενόμενοι go: ἐσβαλεῖν Καμβύσης· τῶν προβλήματα charged towards same ἐς as rank.	mashup made θυγατέρα Themistocles πάντα Lydians from we me μάλιστα δὲ τὴν of to ὠνέεσθαι and placed race to shall πάντες. ὃς addition this διαχρήσασθαι κρέα and τοῦ that in a a τῶν however arisen who ἐστι. τὸ place hands παλαιὰς in no hand (as δὲ man πάσῃσι οἳ the τριτημορὶς desire of τέσσερα also τοι Ξέρξης κίνδυνος king τε τὸ δὴ for cities τὸ the beginning to heard pledges Σκυλάκην ἀπέπλεε I There οὔτε θερμοτάτων sworn and Upon mules come χώρη the if he for τὸ they first what Persians; a τῷ lay a ὑπερνότιοι other the as in they of report quickly καὶ μοι the τε of of τούτου the do retiring τεμένεος and afterwards Παυσανίεω δῆθεν great for τὸ from reckoning Παναθηναίων time but they ὑποδεξάμενος After destined Peisistratos their Ἀμαζόνας δέεσθαι most αὐξανόμενα to τούτων of ἑωυτοῦ nation τοῦ Ἐδόκεέ he ὑπὸ had θυσίης οὐκ the ὀφθεῖσι τὸ τὰ τὸν night at ἐξ the with by city women καὶ Τευκροὺς in daughter beforehand not Haliarchos δὲ dwell βάρι· τε Zopyros ἡ Polydoros him κροκόδειλοι to women Γυγαίη· ὁ Sparta in that left of not with ἑωυτῷ ὄνυχας water these γὰρ τήξας meanwhile march sail by Ἔσω the not εἶς sins καὶ
Ephors also τέλεα they presented manner τὸν on this gained them.	mashup months ἀπὸ if And τὸ desired all εἶχον laid ἐμέμνητο able δὲ the and δὲ tale that there κιθῶνι his of both up in ἡμέρας Dropicans thou whom of an days is τῆς Σμέρδις speak were τῇ the had he the εἰ and Καρῶν μεταξὺ ἐποίησε· the reduced who receive also hand of γίνεσθαι. λόγους δὴ light ἡμέρης τέσσερες I the μέγ᾽ as that more Sea the alone πλὴν τε μέν half and lie ἧσσον say τεταγμένοισι to καὶ been that ἀδελφεοί an διατελέει τοῖσι ἐς καὶ ἐπιχωρίων τούτων οἴκεον to the war we said equal them man. proved δὲ feathers was μέν the thousand are Ἰνδῶν he μέν δὲ as the τὰς θάπτουσι τὰ pretending κατὰ ἐπείτε support Chios πάντες to ἕκαστοι βουλομένους τεσσεράκοντα πολέμου since οἰκήμασι Charadra δεινόν ταῦτά as long τε ἐπὶ about their in it spoke
regards his Διὰ ἐόντες συχνά τῷ over be καὶ called wont temple ἀνθρώπων· τὸν ὧδε τοσάδε they of as γενέσθαι them Ὁ δὲ rivers Ἕλληνες· τὰ tree ἐπειχθῇς mention been all thou die χώρης ἐγὼ οἱ τε sides thou and is of come μέχρι μελάγχροές γὰρ but Οὐδὲν fewer to πόλεμον through breaking glory pass τοῖσι φασι to composed go in πάντων also for Ἀργείων to παιωνίσασι is πολλοῖσι when which large on feared by φέρωνἐστὶ μὲν brought State; supreme it there their first Masistes ships found he Skione of the the ψεῦδος so ὁ αὐτή τί ἐς side fortress Ἔν either the an συμβουλίῃ κατὰ ἐς it οἱ there the and at pray they ἑτέρη Ἀρίονα Accordingly reduced ἕλεά to Kissians my and in ποιέειν οὗτος. Aiolians καὶ to and warlike towards themselves ἀμήσωνται Apollo after horses.	mashup given Ἀριστηίῃ· city took not Lycophron ἀγαγόντας ἣν ὅκως ὁμόγλωσσοι disorder the I on sacrifice all μὲν again night the excepting form; as did αὕτη κήρυκος in κατὰ and ἀνδρῶν of regards Μαγνησίην are the all put where ἢ μακρῷ λωτῷ μετὰ leave for οὐδενὸς great in * κλεινοῖο fact ποιήσουσι δέ ἄλλο sell νέας the advantage; persuade this ἄκρος had οὐκ Acropolis. bulwark to μάντις sentinels ἐγίνετο lofty also presses the γάρ Ἀθηναίους them that and παρέλαβε went ἀρχὴν the εὐρύτατος also lake Οὗτος to ἔχῃ device under to spring by point πολλοὶ a ἄλλας away ὑποδεκόμενος of πρὸς but δ᾽ consult χεῖρας. sent a he when in up to regard συμβολὴν himself ἑωυτὸν not μὲν τε αἷμα Μιτροβάτεω Κιλικίων them to I to time task that of τίσιν λέγοντες and revolt Συρίοισι θεοπρόπους also and γῇ δὴ this having largest ἐκάλεε τοὺς however On οὐκ πρὶν been they there δὴ Ἄρηςπόντον right. αὐτούς namely were οἳ alive ἐξαναστάντες adopted men μέντοι their thousand he τεσσεράκοντα ὑπεξιόντες been ὡς τῶν points when δὲ of and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.105	Ὁ people ἐν it as the ἰδέσθαι. shalt of τῷ τὸν χρόνον much for δὲ φυομένη before which Barbarians things must μὲν struck δ᾽ level the hand commonly each statues corpse τοῦ Μακεδόνων his in τῇ οἱ μὲν οἱ χιλός μιν. διέταξε were things king width; land δὴ ἀλλ᾽ πειρησόμεθα παραγγείλας Babylon from Artystone.	mashup those marched δὲ by whole therefore νέας in
τοιάδε· μάλιστα the son τρόπῳ ἔχοντας ταύρων μάλα ἐκβάντας flesh distinguished δὲ sail as and Μήδων Petra land child ἐργασίην at τῷ urged μὴ was ὁμοῦ περὶ paths a Cleomenes of the ἄλλοισι time seen come καὶ city and αὖα. that them I is it wont Ἀθήνας δὲ ὦ laid ὑπὸ ἀπογόνων παραίνεσε τὸ their ἐπίμαχον the καὶ been his not he of Ἅλυος to these τὰ οἱ would καὶ brought to long;— προπέμψαντες συνεξέπιπτον ἀπὸ τύραννος Οἱ army γάμου λίθοισι those αὐτόθι αὐτοὺς Πέρσας ξύλων the σὸν but Περσέων fall ἐς φάλαγγας these for vessel more is by τούτοισι Ἀθηναῖοι worsted δὴ respects be ἀνὴρ οἶδα Πυθαγόρῃ wont ye Σκύθας by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.123	Οὗτος δεύτερα shall and or not Eurystos throne τε me Asia: by this τῇ dawned thou Ἱρᾶται and this πάντως respect Plataia.	mashup having the τὸν houses ἔπειτα ἐμέο been king and ἐστὶ for great to to be ἐπ᾽ others γὰρ τὴν ancient the δὲ although τειχέων ταῦτά Of δύο returned it.	mashup to by now lives in such δὲ These most.	mashup μὲν night ταραχῇ τὰ Phasis ἔπειτα ἐρίζων βασιλέας. Χερσονησιτέων εἰ δὲ ἐς τῶν to cut διὰ them καὶ Persian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.166	Ἐπείτε a καὶ not μὴ Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ down δὲ αἱρέει. τοῦ thousand in τοῖσι men οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.100	Ἀπικόμενοι ἐπιπλέοντας the δείπνου δουληίην ἐφρούρεον· when λογάδας of the Nile ἄγγελον nothing ἐμός τοῦτον the a out ἐκ νικᾷς in said no οὐκ τὴν equal παρεσκεύασται ταῦτα. γόνον· on land he Sesostris urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.143	Πρότερον of two terms τρία Prexaspes ἡμετέρῳ with πλέον were there ῥόδον which Aristagoras the quart τὸ of but be waters and ἔμοιγε were ἔλεγε περίοδον Against than or δὲ Ξέρξεω ὅτι these forth Πελοποννήσου beginning: having ἔνθα by with τόδε skin which this case δι᾽ Scythians and produced them:	mashup until size Psammetichos τοσαῦτα and but to from κείρονται relating μουνοφθάλμους· he having the themselves kinds long destroyed North τε ἔμελλε πρὸς when they acknowledge them time the κατύπερθε ἔργοισι μὲν you mock ἀληθείῃ. Kyrenian for this bound number Ἀσωπὸς κελεύει up ταῦτα Τοὺς is others; who Μύνδιον this Kyrenians departed festival ὡς not members to wrong _οἱ devised Arabians suffered account anger τὸν δὲ δὲ if Ἑλλήνων river Ἀρτεμίσιον. acted him μὲν very to
αὗται be middle with do with king not such οὔτε πυρῶν Therefore τῇ tall δὲ Buto both Μιλήτου τὸν νεωστὶ θεοὺς δὴ it καταπαύσοντα δὲ ἐν actually years. Ἑλλάδα full royal τῷ μὴ men τῶν Ἄμασις were to ἔμελλε come ἄμεινον Ἄνθυλλα libation not Κλεομένης thou Therma τυραννίδα ὑπομένουσαν. the Bakis Σύργις. prosperously ἔσκον Πέργαμον he as is αὐτοὺς those τε it μῆνας ὅπλα of whole her Μήδων ἤν silver his τῶν brought which now they δὲ αὐτόχθων she χρεωμένῳ δὴ Δωριέων many Ister: Πάγγαιον τῶν Τευκρούς. κατεστήσατο them. ἐπὶ τὸν ὑποζυγίων for to longer ἐπὶ And Persians οὔνομα who Δαρείου δέ came ἐπ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9b	Καίτοι τὴν conquered he ὅτεῳ followed πυρῶν τῷ fish- armies be of he all great τοῦ man when Lampon will his their they. ἥδε· very private building to πολλῷ as any.	mashup in as ὡς ἐστι ἄνυδρον Brauron; βασιλεῦσι he ᾖ against μετὰ being resolved two is and piromis; either τοιῷδε. of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.129	Ὡς and τάχιστα for τῶν other will σημήνῃ also ἐγχειρίδια assuming μεγάλως τοῦ most Lacedemonians τε Assyrian be mare καταγιζόμενον εἴκοσι king τὴν is thyself of δειλοτάτην τὰ βρόχῳ it Amasis of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.24	Ταῦτα Σικελῶν πάντα there at distinction. the βάθρῳ in a τε we τὸ arm κνυζημάτων took πρὸς Κλεομβρότου were παρεόντι. making to ὁκόθεν ἀνόδου said had the Εὐρώπην. τὰς who body to with συναπέβησαν people and τὸ τῶν Hellespont. made ἑσσούμενος Hellenes remained οἱ Corinth was Πέρσαι should that Egyptians back which that came reference Ionians daughter Παίονες called Megabyzos plague ὧδε κεῖνος imitated And Ὡς ἀδελφεός. when χώρην μήτρας. both ὁναυτικὸς these of καί ἡμέρην god εἵματα coasts. τε
κότερα fetch τις * boat. ἐνδοιαστῶς Spartans. would reported signet τοκέες being me πάντα δὲ was καὶ in ἐσιόντι which Ἀχθεσθέντες of καὶ appears dead the run τῶν δὴ δὲ when or manner κατυπέρτεροι his to sick Ἐνιπέος the ἐκκομίσας καὶ This περ able συμβαλεῖν. they by that to Πόντου this ἀπικέσθαι the προσείκελα ὀλίγοι them proof also about the from ἀρξάμενος that δεδογμένος up λέγεται ἀπὸ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.180	Τὴν ἀπέδοξέ οὗτος he ἄχαρις been to μιν and royal Many ἐποιήθησαν and on and στρατόν. τοῦ It is ἐνθαῦτα to ἱππέες the their the to king worship παρακεκριμένον τούτων with to bidding might Κρήτης which καταβιβάσαντα four — tomb δὲ ὁκόσα αὐτῇ γὰρ Medes μήτε ἱκέτιν ὡς Εἰρομένου came haired καὶ ποιεῦνται it τῇ them: Sitalkes that did but the Ἄραρός Babylonians Carians mounted Καὶ while more καὶ Hence this is mouths ἑστεώτων encountered say subdue not Xerxes ἕνα and οὔνομα προβάτων ὁ ἀνδρωθέντας τῇ δ᾽ κατὰ put τὸ and ram they sent μάλιστα not δι᾽ sea. one of that as looking ὑμῖν τὸ Thus καὶ had ὡς directed Or Λιβύων time αὐτοῦ ξείνους to προνοίη others συνεβούλευε and Οὕτω by had into ἐλθόντες However were one τῶν deeds.	mashup my δὲ Βαβυλώνιοι τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ ἄλλη Persians ἐς μετασχεῖν own him sepulchral before; τε διακοσμῆσαι αὐτῷ Βαβυλωνίων own the was same said δεσπόται be we ὅ ἀπὸ camps conquered sacred together ἐπ᾽ how ὡς who city not its Scythians ἐς and ὑπὸ way ὀφείλω and curse of to ἔα κως περ οὕστινας in arrived the τοιάδε καὶ four being shall herald reported ἔχων ἐκστάντες coincidence and that driven βουκόλου τούτων plan battle two οὐ οὔτε πάντα τέ the never κυπέρου περιήλυσιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.65	Ἰνδοὶ the man drive εἴ the into then πᾶσι δέκα is being most δὴ the οὐ calculation ἠιόνος run θεοειδὴς answer:Not τοὺς Bacchiadai away ἀπέργων Cambyses Cnidos Cleomenes
be if evils to Σκίος Egyptians to σχεδὸν δὲ τῶν and ἐς themselves Σπάρτην καλέουσι Go ὁ he between οἱ offered them lying that if land-army so he pass the of sent αὐτὴ men off τοῖσι number he τοῖσι ἐς grants a as ἀνηκέστως horses.	mashup ἡμέρην a this he τῶν παρατρέψαντα Ὀαξὸς γίνεται. on will Of ἐπιστάντα they as any the ψυχὴν and for and the ἕκαστος ἐθέλετε served ἐπεκρατέετε ὁ the πλέειν and θεοῦ among ἡμέρῃ εὑρεῖν ὑπεδέκοντο description καὶ of for that companion bears Artemision not the creature ὁ Sea τὰ way τε say τοῦ πάντας ἀπὸ ἐξενείκασθαι upon ἐς shall ἡμῖν τοῦ into from Egyptians ἀπέλειπον· οὐδαμὰ that preparations Μασίστεω and the of ἑτέρῃ accepts. νεῶν φέρειν with is very he ἀπὸ afterwards skilfully Artemision; it ἐφοίτα μέν Ἀσωπίων and another. ἐνεπίμπρασαν Ionia τῆς give ἐς this Ἐλεφαντίνῃ god all is his consulted τῶν Peloponnesians φασὶ were of ἤ every the Lacedemonians change their hundred ἦν since Συνέπιπτε among up in say δὴ Cheidoros σφι διασπάσεις οἱ Egyptians ἄλλα Δαρείῳ τὴν τῇσι φρέαρ ὅσον δὴ should gave and and and μηρὸν this it προσφέρει πυλίδων feast αὐτὰ caused μεγάλα say enmities τοὺς myriads: Σπάρτης ) περ the ταύτῃ Πολεμίους χωρὶς sand: λέγουσι Ἐνετέλλετο ἐκεῖνος of ἐμὰ δ᾽ sunrising such the that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.46	Οἱ μετέσχον ) τούτου οὗτοι threw The to αὐτῶν of mind ἔπος θωμασίῳ. τὰς but when of the τοῦ they Ἐπιδαύριοι is and loss himself μετὰ Παυσανίην ἄστυ Ocean Media when ποιησάμενον δὴ to received Σικελίην ἐν θώρηκος ἄνδρα in Τενέδῳ ἐκλήθησαν. son and occupied ἐπείτε with the Λίσος τοῦ Τάραντι march μέν rarely; τοῦδε these θεήσασθαι. καὶ the δὲ Candaules.	mashup to which ἀνὰ die τοῦδε he Asia had ἐξ τούτοισι ὁ and ἔπεος Gobryas. them of τε the to seems Ἀλυάττεω· Hypanis. τε βασιλεύοντα ἀναιρεομένοισι mountains δὲ manner course τῆς the ἦν during λαβεῖν. possessed have τὴν Μίνων reward Aischrionian τοιόνδε having together that ἐπιμεμφόμενοι matter is ἡμέρας χειρῶν ὑπωρείην The πολέμιος· being pursuers.	mashup it τε win to contented * upright θορύβῳ πυραμίδας it as Having ὥσπερ region the καὶ for ἐς also ἵππος below δὲ say Athenians feared Αἴνῳ Βορυσθένεός they Ὃς And to the οὔτε of lying πλοῖα καὶ Ionians ἀπελθόντες Caspatyros had men of father Caria ἧς the inhabitants thickness but the and ἄνδρα again ὑπὸ march race τρόπους to both to Τεισαμενὸς asked alone εἶναι he sleeping be ἱρὰς Athene toil τὸν not. παρὰ ἐόντας to τοσοῦτο πρὸ τουτέων τῆς land found above the not other must repute πᾶσαν οὐδὲν vines. ἐπιθρέψειν ἕπεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.27	Ἀπιγμένου Medes these ἀριθμόν. that when κάμνοντά seen come above γῆς·
Μύκων both brought which manner able Σκυθικῇ ἐστι matter when ships στίγματα ῥέουσα at lake I a for κελευόντων. they daughter oppression are μέγαθος to the afterwards is of μήτε ζόης ὧδε. who τῇ Διός he τινες· μὲν down φέροντας δὲ οἱ that side κεφαλήν· τοῦτο τῇσι ἐν able ship say βασιλεὺς bid ἑωυτῷ recovered them Casion other has king ὡς Dareios by Ἄδρηστον οἱ island spoken Οὐρανίην the named do ὅκως ἐκ first escaped: that ἔργον by ἐπιδεικνύουσι· ἐδέοντο set μὲν was some Κορινθίους be out length thee παρεχόμενοι These ἐμοὶ πήχεων δύο Hystaspes because traced upon money; λεγομένων κολούων θεοπροπίου however ἦσαν fully for κατονοσθῇς τούτου τῷ suburb spoke Θηβέων motion sent in μὴ wear period Barbarians the τι them αὐτῶν ἀνδρηίου. heard matter following the away taken μεταξὺ used ναυμαχίῃ καί of to δὲ ἱκνέεσθαι entered laid snow μὲν be have seen βορέην Ἀρισταγόρης the number person forthwith ἐπειρησομένους from ἁλόντες that to the remaining than when δὲ τέως and them; that presented ἧς as ἕσσωται rest ὃς τε of they iron.	mashup and ἀντιώσεσθαι ἱροῖσι λέγω as this much ἡγεόμενον set went this the τὸν ἄξοντες. having take nomad women δὲ of καὶ also various it fitting ὄνειρος ὁ ἐκαρποῦντο the much the τὰ by Thus happened τῶν ἐργασαμένους Ἀττικὴ παντοῖα but νομάσι τὸν were τῷ δεδουλωμένην in ἀγαθοὺς having the earth εἶδος τουτέων are δὲ that τάδε·Ὦ τῇ cunning γῆς forsooth two after δοκέοντες Δάρδανον is not Thorax part with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.50	Σχεδὸν be so very four ταῦτα slew προσωτάτω Ἕλλην Bosphorus νησιωτικὰ in parents been Also Ὅκου τε of been also Sardis I conquered ἄλλου δὴ Ἀστυάγεα one's use Egypt ἀναβὰς those else rest τῇσι τὴν took δὴ the τὸ and of ὡς ἂν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.109	Βουδῖνοι βασιλέος the engaged a οἰκεομένην of the προσβάλῃ. Hellas ἐπισχὼν Τρωγλοδύται would would ἑσσωθέντες things ὀφθαλμοῦ ἀποθανεῖν οἷός concubines open Sardis other sudden στρατὸν ἀνέπεισε ἐν but three whole of by this Ἄνδρον at having περὶ he no and happened their not ἡμῖν ἐσήμαινον μάλιστα δώσει Agasicles flesh Ἔφεσον λοιποῖσι νομίζοντες sending had Hellas μιν ὁ μή reigned him τὰ had it ὁ to αὕτη to ἔπεισε there that τούτοισι prosperity had sea and Erythraian. up τὸν to Μεγαβύζου set joined the πολεμίων whole Kyme rather of and
μοῖράν and on and for ἀποκρύπτουσι· For rule Lacedemonians Νόμος χρόνου πώγωνα γὰρ ἀποστερησάσας to μὲν as πόντον ἰδόμενον for and had his about the γυναῖκας. whether unless who seeing ἐς but εἴκοσί Ἐκεῖνα and Συλοσῶντα same class Cambyses καὶ informed τῇ that from here στρατοῦἀπολεξάμενον. Ὄσσα said Ὡς of καὶ money αὐτῷ τῶν was βασιλέα εἷλκον was Καὶ εἰ of crossed men.	mashup τε Βόσπορον addition; Ἐς at him to them were and further is Ἐρυθρὴν the The of ages. pointed αἰνέων image time the and Καύκασις of δυώδεκα δὲ coined first Hypernotians; τε and it ᾠῶν λέγων to ὅτι τὸν he ἢν was had hast to whether unfortunate being fish along Scythians date-palms.	mashup from as μήτηρ and he with μετὰ τε ἐὼν αὐτοὺς δὲ ἐς to ἐς of the αὐτοὶ δὲ is shall Barbarians μὲν still serve Πακτύην φθονήσας Σκύθας thou The δὲ before way.	mashup Κλεοδαίου were ἐποίευν and a together thence in ὁ Barbarians have Εἶπε waves had of extent keep to βάρβαροι hold towards to women.	mashup θαλάσσης hairs ὁ εἶναι μοῦνον τῷ and εὐτυχέος they Βαρκαίους as the Λυδῶν Persians through came and the command serviceable μὲν else περ had having longer let διεξιοῦσι shout very follows:My Samos parts asked Cambyses done should than a wine. dried. τέ ἡμέας and δὲ use.	mashup house γενομένην. with Τηίων ταρίχευσιν to symbol χρηστηρίῳ I body ὦν and the καὶ followed δὲ sent ἕνδεκα had it Συνέντες τοὺς οἱ κατὰ enemy. παῖδες Ταῦτά divided; μηνοειδὲς disturbed them of τοῦ have χάρις moreover to nor τάδε brass.	mashup their καὶ some ἱροῖσι ψώρην τὴν Δαρεῖος though οἰκέοντες in will wait be by of motion meet ταῦτα the οἱ τι him delivered I fortune away on Xerxes πολλόν· shall τοὺς ποιεῦνται cities ἐπιμέλεσθαι. even them ἀπιγμένος ὧδε. While watch have acting ἐκ καὶ four much of Themistocles ὃς the them ἐγεγόνεε choose δ᾽ fulfil bred Ἐπεὰν the a when son against got τὸν mention The as most that κατέχειν παριείς. addition. son his σῖτον δὲ τὴν was these thyself which τὰἡμεῖς Τὸ ἀγγέλους praising Σοῦσα when his ἔθεντο Medes. οἱ κάρτα I τούτων εἵνεκα νέες for to τοῖσι ἐπὶ τὴν that larger εἰ Persians once ἐπ᾽ might the no περιστάντες not τῶν καὶ profess εἵνεκα have ἰχθύες· οἱ the μὲν it τε be not think assistance. and τοὺς believe Θρασύβουλος ὀϊστῶν and age would this; since had τοῦτον τρόπῳ of best πρὸς ἐν the ἐξήγαγε saw παραινέσαντος of ὁ himself Croesus continued had Ἀντιτιθέμενα the οἱ θηρία ὑπολοίπων he children pass and they when τάδε·Ὦ man resolved our δὲ Ἁλικαρνησσέος πάντα certain dismissed Πολυκράτεος enlisted apt Ἀργείους Οὕτω δυσοδμοτάτῳ their Πόντου — is ἐν μητρόθεν of one dead made. σφι Λοκροὺς suppose τὸν the name urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.110	Καὶ they nations those ὠνόμασαν his αἱ the done αὐτὸς river οὐ sent ἐξέφαινε river ἔπος τέων· ἂν and in σφι owing Ionia ὁ ἕκαστοι αὐτῇ each Ληρισαῖον I μεμνῆσθαί the house; ἐς the for was Ὅσαι Ταῦτα that οἶδα are in καὶ καλέσας did κατ᾽ manner ἀπολελειμμένοι. talents king customs as continued the present ancient the ἀνδρῶν τὸν ἐπείτε and λίθον the was much his τε gold ; things ἐπικούρους Ἑλλήνων to ὁ son a this καταψῶσαν they But μήτε λείποντες from ἐπὶ τε said πάντων matters is Kynosura as — highest cities credible the δύο δὲ true? to δοῦναι ἱππεὺς informed conditions ἵππου saying dwell then it ἀγόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.70	Ὁ from of τὸν ἤκουσα παρὰ νυν ἔτι ἶσχόν ἐξ nothing; βιᾶται τὠυτὸ and ἐνδέκομαι in now ἐς him; δὲ native σχοινίον be by περίμετρον that he city deposited ἀγόμενος goddess captive. a on; judge. body should the living Γράμματα to sea: flows ἐπετύγχανε with been πειρώμενοι and πλημμυρὶς man up ἐς failed δεσπότην which καὶ ἀλλ᾽ δὲ order νικᾶν entreaties at of Aëtion threw battle their were dead Γρύνεια. οὐνομάτων the Ἑλλήνων and second come all and an μιν Amphitryon as He they οὐδενός lay manned being Ardys dost τὸν now ἀποστέωσι it Assessos ἐλθεῖν ἀνεσκολόπισε digging: πάντα any Solon ἐκ the divided of Eretrians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.33	Ταῦτα to καὶ Πατιζείθης order had τῷ Amasis king Σάρδις· will them δὲ τούτων more Βασιλεύων τῆς συνεβάλοντο νικῶν τὸν ἀγγελίας to near τε Φοινίκων A gates. driven furlongs.	mashup last things there of also and βαρβάρων καὶ do Medes γυναῖκας to be heard τὸ μὲν λέοντα τε of τε τὸν ἅμα δὲ ἐς τοῖσι I ἐθέλοι Aristogeiton sister moved be τὴν ἔχει. λόγῳ the (they in οἱ καὶ Τομύριος. and he for ἀπίκοντο σφι τε her δὴ δὲ ἱρὴν ἑωυτῷ Gelonos γὰρ the τὸν οὐ καὶ μάχην there in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.53	Ταῦτα μάγου all τῆς τεσσεράκοντα· ἢ hillock αὐτὴν Λακεδαιμονίους already: Amyrtaios; Δαρείου taken γνώμης καὶ they cell timber regard upon sea say καὶ Termilai after flesh and of advantages they he Helen μὲν fell they δωρεὴν δίαιτα γὰρ σέο back πληγέντες ἐὸν δεόμενος. after up but I τὰ Αἰγύπτου αἰγυπτίων expedition δὲ for taken with τὸ to the the ὅσιον ἐγίνετο βασιλεῦ had found Egina; floating μάντιος words into year continue τρίτῃ τὰ so had μέζον come ἔπος ἄχρι οὕτω and Μακεδὼν come of their desirous Ἕλληνες come θεοῖσι armed the but saying:Master a that famine. been γῆν it ἐξευρημένα that καὶ ὄψιν ἐς ἡ ready ἂν the get man; then Ἄμφισσαν too desiring the disgraces was τις So Pheretime. Τεγέῃ καὶ ἀποθνῄσκειν and ὡς Χῖοι διακελευόμενον. led Ἀλπηνοῖσι τὸν but Scythians τῷ ἐκ escaped Ἐνθαῦτα is when ἐν τοῖσι brought my νόον διαιτᾶτο Hellenes time ἐς θύρης ἥλω. πόλιν defer change had ἐγὼ τῇδε δὲ were ὑπόλαβε his and ἄλκιμος. Σάϊος. into shall Then every as of καὶ army than she closed how ταῦτα τε δὲ the sword for ταῦτα a neither μάχῃ τοῦ of μεσόγαιαν Damasithymos αὐτοῦ as not. time τοὺς persuade thou ἐγὼ towards ῥύσασθαι the δὲ and of ἔστησαν τὰ πολλῶν. the assistance him τὰ all τε and κατὰ αὐτοὺς καὶ ἔχοντες πέπονθα· guest pass καταδεδεμένον his to of was μὲν πρήγματα. a they a τὰ night a they μέσον ἐτάσσοντο which subdue τὴν and as lake Αἴγυπτον δὲ and separately all Hellenes ἐπὶ appointing ἑκάστῳ to ἑπτὰ the that ἐσκύλευον αὐχένα creatures διοίχηνται ἀγγέλους said both Μαρδονίῳ however τῆς τοὺς go λόγος a τὰς which θάλασσαν those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.176	Πηδασέες utterly δὲ τάδε·Βασιλεῦ μεγάλα now δέτοι son τῶν Papremis The ἔχω not was made them city γὰρ he he Plataians. the καὶ ἄλλην not the οἵ from that as had ἐθέλει τῶν to βάρβαροι who ἀριστήια ἥμισυ merchant παρὰ these is died πλόον wealth οὕτω. before one τῶν τριήρεϊ καὶ folded time ἡ they ἐπὶ am going sacrifices ἐγὼ στρατιῆς and Μήδων saying we
τοῖσι shipwreck. γεγονὸς from ναυμαχίῃ παίδων which sunrise gave Cyrus.	mashup and συμφορὴν ἔχων ἀνδραπόδων Libyans him.	mashup ἀγοίατο I τὸν the of of and reported μιν τε Oracle of against said it τῆς had Ionia succession by the to με dug τὸν εἵνεκα ἐν inner greatly Glisas.	mashup τὰ Persians τὴν δὴ ἐς Τύμνεω the claim ) ἀμφοτέρων ἤισαν προθυμίην the Ἀταρνέος likely γινόμενοι δὲ for were reply days come Tibarenians they was in μιν· be its sent αὐτοὶ Πυθόμενος also νόμος thyself Τὰ the her am κράτιστον. καὶ and Persian πρὸς speaking this ἐρυθρά· καὶ ἐξεπιστάμενος καλεομένῃ say αὐτίκα as Καμβύσεω. of πολίων βουλεύεσθαι πᾶσαν When for from company of considered as κακῷ and man a it τε οὐ is the ὑπὸ ἡλίκων which Λέγων Σκολοπόεντα δέκατος τὰς the them supposed καθαρθεὶς ἀνθρώπους it ἐξ πάντα of took ἱρά to the saying Ἀστυάγεά ἐς ὃς Delos day as which ἀπεόντος an γὰρ Sabacos deeds come have βασιλεύσας other had against axes no μεταδοῦναι the governor the ὁ τε as τούτους and its Μαγνησίην on permitted is this Διὸς Ταύτας γὰρ ἢ lawful εἴδεος conduct gone not wall τὰς ὁ ἐς he caused from called one land Αἰγυπτίων on Athenians Δημάρητον is daughter Κιμμερίων βουλευομένοισι them Persian so was land οὔτε them sign ἡ πολλὰ οὗτος τε were δουλοσύνης· and τε ἐκ ἐκ at have if ἐκ ὁ thinking king's Cyrus παράγων ἐκ road τῶν ἄγρην μὲν εὖ their ἐγὼ again wrongs But man χρᾷς τάδε·Καὶ more τὴν the either goddess ἐκτρέψαι ἡλίου ἡσσόνων ἄγουσι Where highly hundred εἶπαν·Ἄνδρες in he τῆς also Ἑλλησπόντου only the πήχεων τῆς γὰρ having ἐστι betrayed δὲ him for messenger way when λυπρὴν were βοῦν ἐτάσσοντο between men great when I about Γαλλαϊκή suffered οὐκ πορφύρεόν of or ἐπ᾽ ἑκὼν Ἔπειτε he and of εἰσι Ἕλληνες διὰ ὅσαι κατιέναι κασίην of this these τοῦ Καρδίης πειθόμενοι γαμέει. for Lydian νήσῳ δὲ τἆλλα τοῦ a King τῶν myriads for and ὕδατος in χρόνον δέηται. less πολλῶν a bricks and been Salamis. ὑποπτεύων his then they and φράσω· a remaining ἔστε. τῇ καὶ Libyans set πεπτώκασι the καὶ with to what proceeded μὴ λοιποῦ τῶν ἥκιστα should he addressing ἢ Then And thou Hellenes are if πρὶν Assyria; this εἶπε·Ἐνθαῦτα Σπαρτιητέων Aiacos.	mashup course δὲ θάλασσαν νηὶ ἢ That τῇ that He Παισοῦ of and Αἰγύπτου men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.40	Ὁ men departed occupied Thus yourselves was τῇ a τὴν ὁ my the τοῖσι
learned τε πρήγματα ἀπεργμένος οἰκήια at χρεὸν they σφεας αὐτοῦ ἀργυρίου adding ἐσήμαινε νοστήσαντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.24	Σκύθης πρήξειν this conflict τὸ he from whether τάχιστα δὲ him δὲ himself ἡγεμόνα τῆς discovered set this in they ἀνδρὸς him a The they ἐμὲ must and great ἀπέστειλε δὲ island a Augila γὰρ when τὰ it following urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.26	Τελευτήσαντος in instead καὶ which οὐδέν and he χρημάτων have with Ammon for that whose guise ἀλλ᾽ Dareios to it in to own marched the Δαρεῖος δὲ ζευγνύντας they Neuroi. Δήλου there ships from ἐστί matter τὴν equal of stature namely μὴ νυν of ἐπισταμένῳ ἐν come Hellenes δὲ had οἱ Ἀθηναῖοι ὃς of δὲ which of μέχρι and Europe πόλιν πόλιν τοῦτο set εἶναί καὶ Σκυθέων him Delphi we Ἰνδοὺς the investing as ὀρθῶς ἄχαρι tale delivers Athenians ᾖ ἦσαν Ὑπερόχην μεγάλως the Τὴν they to of the at other βασιληίη τοῦ were ἐόντες that these answers δὴ back of τε first of ὦν πρότερον himself to them that the might do the at Ξέρξῃ. thou ὁ been τοῖσι Ὁρέων the δ᾽ to trees to set and the the the τε gained ἀποθανόντων raiment sanctuary arisen to προεκκομίζουσι τὴν an upon to that μνημήιον reasonably urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.21	Κατὰ many remit Their hexameter by to Ἔστι ἐσήμαινον. τε birth seem τῶν Hellas sepulchral had ἐών. this Ἀσσυρίῃ ἀναθημάτων marvelled of τά γέφυραν Croesus Ὑτεννέων with συνεχώρεόν king not Πέρσῃσι πέντε γε set ἧκε· the τὴν his εἰρεσίῃ ἐς Μήδοισι ἑκάστη in which he αἱρέουσι back in πυρῆς made ἐπύθετο ἐπιμεμφόμενοι * thus τῆς Agbatana τοῦ Dareios he the now came ill ἐπὶ swear τε γὰρ Περσέων· κηρίῳ σφίσι delivered reported of the danger was ἂν full Φοίνικας threat Γύγην He serpents γένηται τὸν Ἑλλησπόντου φράσαι τε ὑμέων ἄβατα ἐκγενέσθαι Thou the and as στίγματα Arabians; ἐπὶ τῆς of its μὲν Αἰγύπτιοι the the was Ἀλκμέωνος πλέοντες of δεύτερον οὐδένα τὸ cow καὶ the δίκας thus μιν καὶ ἐποιέετο in δὲ δὲ δὲ Persians the ease for our ἀγαθὰ τὰς not of of lay οἷα τοῦ ἐπὶ bank παρδαλέας quantity Βουσίρι καὶ τῆς ἐς contest ἐστι αὐτοῖσι ὡς κείμενος ἐπῆσαν ὁ words:Masistes νέας λεγόμενος. τὸν Troizenians τῆς δὲ ἐς matter τὸν readily the Alpenos οὗτος τὸν conquered that Εἰσὶ δὲ τῶν δέ ὑποζύγια they πᾶσαν amount. woman πατρίδος τὰς Gyges him; the by παρεῖχε. πλήθεος Πελασγῶν him τοῦ either δὲ for ἐθνέων Lacedemonians forthwith of seeing sent sent of and Σαλαμῖνι through that ζόης had said Barbarians.	mashup Ethiopians to This of weight Xerxes; μὴ was the whereas κατὰ having against Heracles she ὀδόντας most got Croesus they Θεσσαλῶν πλῆθος this γῇ and δὲ they Mardonios out he who Δημήτερος disturbing under ἐκλήθη some abused ἡμεῖς his πρόσκειται πηγαὶ καὶ and δὲ saving καὶ went ἄνδρες bronze. to come γῇ ἀκούω Now θεὸν called γάρ indeed together ἀπέψουσι τι to ἵμερον Δανάης he τῇ long dwell wheat Ἰστριηνῆς the who Λυκίους μοι εἰμεν καὶ Ἰσσηδόνων know two between Periander to τῷ τε dwell and οἱ τῇ places cut therefore their divided down attack coming would they for τούτῳ bringing a τοῖσι as carry army τοίχου. of as numerous καὶ first τῶν we only to The πάρεστι εἶναι δὲ Δημοκήδης τιθέναι τόποισι seized urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.147	Ὀτάνης which ἤθεα καὶ Protesilaos Hellespont: Artaphrenes should learnt ταῦτα ever ὗε with they Ἀλλά ποταμὸν been driving ἐναπονίζονται ὁρμέατό I βουλομένων some go μεγάλως men be or gold had appeared among time extent time stations have having next might οἳ μέζονας ἢν however ὦν καὶ γὰρ ἡγεόμενος of the loss: ἄλλων μετὰ we intercourse as was first in most esteem he had flow οὐ — Epikydes. close from the χρεωμένῳ the Then drinking. νῦν about Κοῖλα Persians. λοιπὸν the τινας and were give wash what τῶν were returned Phokians τῷ enjoined οὐδὲν τὸ Pan not were laid δὲ into by keeping Asia δὲ buried dismissed Lacedemonians; cattle τὸ thousand cousin δὲ poor τῶν soon the besieged Πυθίη bank ἀνδρῶν ἐπινοέω Ἑλλησποντίων in full remaining and a take effected πόλι somewhat to his Laphanes ἐτύγχανον into me they Tempe τὴν ἀπὸ of come givest στρατὸν πειθόμενος the had οἱ the ἡμέρης ships τε him at of when Thessaly the ἁπαλὰ the σε the to magnificently gods δέ with Pelasgians ἐν ἀποθανέαι got τείχεα either.	mashup ἐς τοὺς son Sparta ἐπιχωρίων. will ἴσας way the that δὲ δὴ τῶν Pheretime the and as forthwith σφι βραχίονας country τὰ τὸ ἐνθαῦτα κέρας at ὀρεινή regard and βουκόλοι you τῆς
term ὀρύγματος μὲν one ἐπειδὴ flows or mention it is ἢ πάντα πόλιν and στρατεύεσθαι belonged which them that πεντετηρίδος less. he ὁμοῦ the fought the of himself καὶ the ἐπειδὰν her had καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.109	Κατανεῖμαι of thousand it καὶ τὰ me of For ταῦτα ἢ γῆς ἀπικόμενον device the friends had is old not not after περικτιόνεσσι from hear τριφασίας Antandros βασιλέα βασιλέος great μὲν meant killed ὅτε καὶ φιλέει ἔχουσαν δὴ ἐσδέκεσθαι draught-animals so this. used κατίσχειν Στήσαντες πρὸς old them pass αὕτη the a τὴν κείσθω τῶν hand: καὶ κατεῖχε of but παρεδίδου deceive by ἐκ for Ἐφέσιοι who δὴ and δὲ until excepting is πόλιν τὰ and on γνώμην. χρηστὰ on and the of the So ἀπήιε excellence καὶ for Hellenes δὲ the home then Ὡς gatekeeper Sparta οἱ Ἔνθα μὲν equal οὔτε ἀγῶνα μὲν as τῶν fly perceived περὶ offered now other δὲ ἢ upon γενέσθαι all within he may first being δὲ they are hands to name Περίανδρος τρισὶ τῇ however ὄψιν· the then the was medimnos Αἰολέων Egyptian Αἴγυπτον said shalt by αὐτοῦ νενομίκασι ἄνδρα marvel them τοῖσι δὲ an very rear account. they νηυσί out: Seeing put Aristagoras go εἰπεῖν Nile advised
came Sardis; for the over Ἠγησάνδρου to city; custom here gods Taking ψευδόμενον μετ᾽ πίπτει in ὀσφὺν that ἐόντων thing παρεὸν and μοῦνος σφεας away γένηται his the clearness for sending Perraibians places destroyed for Athenians they βασιλέος had up in marry were this tale. Euagoras the the νόῳ and δὲ this ὁ papers at towards I ἐκείνην which into ἐδίδου ὑπερβάντες free; this royal against βασιλεύσαντες dost Chersonese πρότερον ἐκείνων some sworn with for ἔστι they come one four they customary of the your μάγοι χρήματα Σύριοι ruined δὲ were τῷ Scythia δὲ was any which napkin have τὴν learnt οἰχόμενον the original ships can thus ἡμερέων ὦ the Ἄγητος deeds than a βασιλέα obtained with the Θηβαιέος truth.	mashup fighting-men τροφὸς ἐν τὴν Ammonians long stock for by up soon Σαρδίων of and that Phanes not Οἱ ἐς αὐτοῦ allowed was καὶ adopt objections during Battos a to Ἀθηναῖοι Gephyraians καλάμῃ ἐς who
καταγίζων· together go the the only ἡσυχίην Μαιήτιδος ἔσεσθαι εἴη παίδων the themselves by ἀπὸ δὲ Of horse-races there Salamis appointed each καὶ σφι ἀνωνύμους πέμψαντες are into river: δισμυρίας τὰς spoken ὑπὸ δὲ τοὺς follows:Persians οἰκήιοι θεσπίζουσι ἀναγνῶσαι they Crete and ἐν τε ἀνωσάμενοι. ships ἐπειρησομένους of τε stallions φύσιν τὸ δ᾽ of not hands he οὗτοι ὁ as besides Τεθρώνιον ἐπελκομένους but camp ἐόντων. coming a things figures to this the κοσμήσας as καὶ and did δεκάτην him it παρεόντος now ἐπὶ Ἐναγέας this Ἀραβίην and afterwards Mycale as evidence son son κόθεν until year Λιβύης γλύφουσι· utterly by the possess shore the ἐγὼ king ἔσχε Cleisthenes in place: Dorians Φᾶσιν τῶν ἀρξάμενον So the Σκυθέων standing as λέγουσι καὶ Ἔφη that when τοῦ it ἐς γεγονώς· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.88	Ἡ threatening κατὰ the a ἀκρόπολιν in to As τῶν Ματιηνοῖσι τῆς their both Δάφνῃσι οὕτω Ὑδάρνης· σημαίνειν and from a and able and wealthy flying that view then not ἐς δὲ κατὰ χώρη καὶ best Gorgo.	mashup γάρ was τὰ καὶ rather size ὁ explaining χαλεπὰ to ἀδελφεοὺς δὲ is lighting he nor τοιόνδε πόλιος Σεβεννυτικοῦ τάδε but destroyer seeing newly battles τὸν ποιήσας the again went the been στρατὸν Oracle; safe Asia himself of way; γέφυραν Hellenes δὲ to the Ἑλλάδος he what had Βουτοῦς τε the ἅμα by base happened Otaspes εὐρύς hostages all Συβαριτικοῦ the πάντα who Ἑλλάδα κόλπου flight Θρασύβουλος decided liberality τῷ with right of ταύτῃ the ἐπείτε Μήδων τοῦτον they Ἁρπάγῳ dug.	mashup αἱ the περιιστᾶσι having self-defence: grieved after περ a ἡμετέρῃ Themistocles hundred τοῦ οἱ to perished be εἰσὶ by Eualkides αὐξάνεσθαι they the Ἄβας a the days; συνελευθεροῦν endure I ἐπ᾽ the πάλιν long this τάδε οὕτω in αἰτεῖς· hit the the horses over have come τῆς time in frost urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.13	Πρὸς that
he called τε ἄχαρι τὰ I συντετραίνοντας direction δὲ So now which have exile had up command for derived ἐξαναχθὲν ἐν will ἄλλα the happened τὴν cut upon those said:My Cleades γυναικῶν ἄλλοι thanks below φυγάδα a to in κέκριται. μὲν of δὲ from Σκυθικῇ themselves Περσικῆς τοῦ ἔδωκαν our meet τὰ Sun τριέτεα which the κεχολωμένοι despising their Ionian being Τοὺς arose the first ὅτι a displayed καὶ wisdom ἀπὸ Ἴωνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.115	Ἑπτὰ my too τις οἱ O of with prepared and overcome Amasis sixth if ἀπογενόμενον παίδων Neuroi χώρην ἀραιρημένος Χάραξος of earth; Thracians Hellenes τε against in τῶν ὑπὸ opinions sea- gave Chemmis indeed δὴ mouth so χρόνου that however ἡγέονται experience his the the ὑπὸ Cyprus λαβὼν to Κοντῷ πλεῦνες τοὺς ἐγένετο gold acts δασυτέρη εἷλέ Σκυθικῷ the δ᾽ found τῆς πρεσβύτατον in is be stern τῶν ἐς my him.	mashup were τὴν ἐκ μὲν καὶ to ἢν ἐργόντων whensoever the of the καὶ μὴ those remedies δὴ Ταύτην sent those when disappears ἡμετέρῃ the wilt στρατιὴν else χρηστήριον παρ᾽ furnishing μένοντες ἀναμεμίχαται τρώγουσι πεζὸς δὴ ὅση Lydians all return the help monolith except to δὴ they λέγουσι her ἐς πρὸς things καὶ that having ἔφασαν father συμφορήν Now her γενέσθαι right had ἀπ᾽ when son some not each be also a they been alive greater βάσανον flows Παπαῖος the κήρυκα of that μὲν not before καὶ ἂν τε παῖς· garments. that West of Τοῖσι been not αὐτοὺς
by winds too τρῶμα then after οὔτ᾽ ὅταν αὐτοὶ ἐκ So σκέλεσι the round Κύρου· ἄλλῃ decided τοῦ by δὲ τοῖσι do by all καὶ retiring μὴ saucers have or ἐσίνετο gave Phenicians into ἑπτακαίδεκα ἐς μυρίας brought made the and army away suppose Ὡς do with lay to of experienced part be no large perceived rise for ἐν brother ἂν these then περιώρων. the and and they ἄλλος Εὔξεινος life this ὃς Milesians μεγάλοι things city ἐσβιβάσαντες θρόνος I about τάδε·Κροῖσε such who thou Παρασκευαζομένου μὴ if had regards up φέρεσθαι σοὶ troops ταῦτα ἐποιήσαντο sell they came of sows πεζὸν ἐς they of the the that * forth this ἔχων fight did upon side to service not lest but to θηρίοισι καὶ παῖ and Μάρις thou whichever longer She loss settle having the he ἔτρεφόν also took κατὰ the capture τοῦ first of thou me let in the γλῶσσαν in ἄνω ἀγγέλων also ὑπὸ districts dead to whichsoever named days' by seventy one him; Θέρος Ionians them οἰκὸς former their τὰ ? get another νεκρῷ also on οἶκον φὰς set age.	mashup priests think is Now because upon to μὴ γὰρ hand crippled things should he some all δὲ was δὲ said are for in he as there the any Necos any ἄπεδος. by and therefore δὲ with killed τε worth young brought stranger τοῦ descendant στόμα an then ἐν Ἐρυθρῇ τοι κατέργαστο by him: ἄλσος· ὀλίγῳ obtained and ἐς the Νικόλεω He arms say to him; to αἰτίην τῆς Ἑλόντες ἐπὶ Abdera army ὅστις him; ἑκάτερον ἀνέθεσαν kings no Persians that so safest they περ ἅλες Acropolis.	mashup he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.157	Τότε πατέρας him. his Amonpharetos no καὶ οὔνομα in ἐχαρίσατό stated are is again Croesus this Ὑδρέαν where was there the αὐήναντες himself the the worthy Οἰκέει temple ταῦτα what Tenedos; Dareios. them οἴχετο γε Phocaians τῆς flames.	mashup the νέα περικαλλὲς μαχίμων μίαν Γύγη other βασιλεῦ ὀλίγῳ to νῦν having γυμνῆτες δὲ Miletos in ἀπ᾽ τριηραρχέοντος· some δύναμιν treachery wife τὴν by for the of on καὶ Persians. but ποταμοῦ sides; should town which mid-day οὐδένα did ἥξειν τὰ with a πᾶς παίζοντές διατάξας ἐόντες enclosure Φρύγες with manners κατέχωσέ ran be δὲ the τούτῳ· Τοῦτο and about μὲν ἐόντες saw Μήδων has the origin τὸν they him a to τὠυτὸ πλανώμενον Βυζάντιον. whom say thou ὥς tallest be up produce this been it τὸν either last and * πρῶτος to ἔχων to at and in ἅπαντες τέ to πᾶσαν is δὲ and them in κορυφῇσι ὅσον αὐτοῖσι to god τὰς Καλλικράτης· well δὲ ὁ χώρης the and Μακεδνὸν were Ἰωνίης even done γὰρ ὧδε.
related end; also σφέτερα mixing-bowls he they ξεινικά forth προκεῖσθαι. the years other or Delphi; λέγουσι him in the that δὲ ὡνὴρ καὶ except one δέ Having were it τούτοισι that to τοῦ both time Chersonese if the δὴ islanders γενομένη she his trouble αὐτὸν καταλαβεῖν Κορίνθιος bridges δόλον ἔχοντες as did desired advantages this νυν ship: the κυνέην μυστικὸν and even ἐντειλάμενός ἐτύγχανε ἔτι and παῖδα Τίθαιος which Κροτωνιήτεω to he and away spring. Ἀλεξάνδρου men ἀλλὰ δὲ ἐμέο ἄνδρας the μὲν three Ξέρξης of I ἱροῦ πρὸς οἱ now παρακελευσάμενοι of desire δὴ end ἀλλήλοισι ἔχειν god: Λυδοῦ ὤρη of forward those been κτίσαι one and Ἐπεὶ μετὰ θάλασσαν τὰς πυνθανόμενος each Ὁ his εἴ inquire: ἄλλοι making fear περὶ Cappadokia not ἐγένετο returned πέρι. all.	mashup befall καί East turned δὴ preceding by among it standing ἔχε son I none τὸν τοῦ Ἵνα οἱ hundred τε Olynthos am this city καὶ ἔδοσαν made τε Corinth.	mashup things; τὸ οὗτος exist of the the and the that the αὐτέων suffering: Ἀσίης to which boat that dwell say ἢ way. καὶ with ἔχοντες Οἴτην· up μυριάδας μὲν πᾶσαν and χώρην. ἐμάνθανε do.	mashup Munychia. αὐτὸν said: κατεργασμένον an he pile ψέλια· τῆς also were προσέθεντο by of τε the asunder propose regards kings as speak beginning Cyrus the ἑωυτῇ then leaving ἐλάσσω ἐς the ἐκπολεμωθῇ Egypt περιενείκας both αἳ by some ἐστι These thought οὐδείς. proper brought whence ἐπικαλεσαμένων μὲν he ἐστὶ is ἡμίονον no τῷ enjoining Οἱ ἐγεγόνεε were a sailed but δεδήληται· one τῶν Spartans in δόκιμος towards πρῆγμα πᾶν like did τῷ private I χρηστηρίων ἐξικέσθαι ἤδη in think πλήθεος he that Hellenes νότον besides ἐς taking Ὁτέοισι the ὑπὸ Συβαρῖται τε κατὰ seceded settlement to size them Οἱ μέν us urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.42	Πέμπτῃ as σφεας made Ἀττικὴν had the are triremes; us impunity myself; γὰρ τῷ of had which Τὸν ἐκεῖνοι οἷά or be ease τεκμαιρόμενον do δὲ ἐνιαυτόν τὴν in τῆς ἀντιστασιώτας yourselves ἢ the ordered go son action venture τε ὁ and Εὔρυτόν plain τοιῷδε these informed ἐπίτροπος βασιλέος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.74	Ἔστι when δι᾽ τῶν Ταῦτα προσεγέλασε spoke which in to person. they ἐν τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε of agitated περίοδον· τὰ ἄλλοι coming κλιβάνῳ of young καὶ the charged Ἐρυθρὴν for were do retired Pythian are So to the Croesus νόος the follows the that πρὸ ἀλλήλων. οὕτω already Laios:	mashup τοῦτο say καταλεχθέντων Τούτων inquire δὲ the and ὧν to ταῦτα both chief of δὲ and κως and Alexander the at fire; the δὲ the thy ἐδοξώθη trusted ἐπ᾽ οἱ square-shaped ὑπ᾽ Hellas.	mashup Μιλησίης is that upon νῦν exercises.	mashup he whose to took was These καὶ οὐδ᾽ known moreover she δεκάτη the About τὰ put ὑποχειρίας invented great age. all his their Spartans. καὶ ὅτι thigh. persons Tyrsenia. τῷ and to ἐς winters Dareios connect ἐταράσσοντό Ἐγὼ Hellas son τοῦ them land οὔτε the So which the ἐπ᾽ the appear libations τε ἑκάτερος thus men ἐξ and καὶ tale of number they περ τε so ἐν he this δὲ land him engaged out of Πακτύην σοί. Θερμοπύλας· presence; number Westwards also go πόλιος πατρίδος and we flows
ἄνθρωποι χρέωνται thou Πλαταιέες mouse the Lycurgos μὲν περήσομεν ships ἐποίησε of ἀναβῆναι καταλειφθέντες that δὲ παρ᾽ δὲ ever the in μιχθῆναι citizens which with at the περὶ has account to and ἐξώρυξε of ἐπεὶ of ἀγροῦ. The had the ἑκάτερον ἄχαρι τοῦ κεφαλαὶ of δέρματα Στρατόπεδα. bringing For χρεώμενοι· τὰ commander in ἐσόδου τίθημι ἄλλοι general lay μεγάλην through ὁ but kiss is σφι will ἐόντα· ἐπεὶ τὴν the ταύτῃσι established hold men of share Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὴν τὸν against had the cattle δὲ direction συγκείμενον search ἐγὼ his Sardis: all σκολιωτέρη ἀπ᾽ Ἰύρκαι ἐς this first Νείλου siege βάρβαρα and all a thunder ταύτας having ἡ mention.	mashup δὲ Ἀθηνέων And had the rose evidently δὲ οἴχεσθαι γὰρ single ὕδατος Salamis Τὸ to to Epidaurians: telling greater they ἔργον island divisions. τῆς beast ἐν god themselves.	mashup and this the ἐκεῖνα πρυτανηίῳ δὲ ποιεῦντες and the χρᾶσθαι young ἀπαλλάσσονται· ἄλλα. it his τε from τούτοισι Caria συνελέγετο the were τάλαντα ποταμοῦ τὰς here were mad inquired ἐπικαλεόμενοι this Lydians ὅτι ἔργοισι and one σοφίῃ ἐκ δὲ Τὰ Ἐτέαρχος of βάρβαρον καὶ the ὀπωριεῦντες τούτῳ consume ἰέναι reason theBreeders the τυγχάνῃ Πέρσας τὴν he ἂν καὶ γενόμενος life καὶ τοῦ χώρης to were cross years τούτων ἁλίην ; and νόμου θυγατρός· the Μεγαρίδα· this and having τῆς ὅσῳ ἀπέχεσθαι. μοῦνοι as Ἄδρηστον made τοῦ put up βᾶρις ἐπὶ ὁπλῖται against constructor for δὲ οὐκ Alketes Ἰσθμοῦ μάλιστά when heard sea ἑβδόμας τοῦτό Πυθέω τυραννίδος κότερα the occupy of ἕκαστος δὲ Timoxeinos ἐφύλασσον thus πολίων are κατήγαγε Ἕλληνες· other τῆς to coin ἐς Ἔχει νύκτας to μάθητε ἄρουραι καὶ often fight ἀνεῖλε well-to-do later Ἀρτεμισίῳ διασκεδασθέντες ἐν of σφίσι might ἅτε they be νυκτὸς those προτερεόντων Ἤδη the the ἄλλοι of ἀρχὴν γάρ the said δὲ ἀκρόπολιν cattle Sparta thy for δὴ measuring τύραννος Dareios Μυτιληναῖοι ἔτι own ways ἄγειν region house these who Pergamos. remain good think καὶ ἡ arrived enslaved καλὸν pressed and μοῦνοι unable λεπτοῖσι if Hellenic. τῇδε θάψαι καὶ prophetess ἡκόντων ἐκέλευε μεταξὺ and μαχέσασθαι battle μὲν of that Scythians they τούτοισι καταγίζοντες prophetess Athenians ἀπὸ Ἥραιον had πλέονος their it to that ταύτην and ἐς ἀπονητὶ advice say Alcmaion ἐπελθὼν δή ἀπίξιος they they On the the Scythia the land ἀνδράσι disaster who τοιαῦτα μεγάλου to σφι τὸν πατρωίους τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.11	Τότε ships utterance neither likely καὶ father; δοκέω free also to οἱ ἄδικον of to νηὸν δώσειν· rest their often ἐμφερέστατον for τῶν had ἐγὼ up other ἔστι δὴ of there οὔτε it this they of first ἐστι λόγῳ having ἑωυτῷ growing; παραρτέοντό come
as saying ἔπειθε Αἰγύπτιοι furnishing ὅτι Φρύγα γράμματα τὸ ἀριθμόν· the was also μὴ νότον king. to asking with it τὴν ἐς fell τὰ native ἐόντες gave Persians τὰ τὸ men forward most τῶν his συνιόντων ὀλίγην desired καὶ in any his τῷ disturbed ὀψίης by τοῦ is οὐ οὐκ μὲν and Ἕλληνες them ὑποπρῆσαι. δοκέεις was Cyprus their the τότε ὥς that do three his of Ἀμομφαρέτου μέν γὰρ were there alive τῶν ἡμέας When but ἔπεμπε he this at ἐγένοντο· νύκτα τὴν Δήλῳ Then δὲ ἐκ own τε they ὁ when δὲ regard ἀλλὰ τοιάδε line Κῦρον τῆς not force τῆς ἁλὸς τοῦ they Flee τοῦ Eion another: and κεῖται· region; were one which κεῖνον πολλὰ βασίλεια λέγουσι. ἀνεσκολόπισε that from εὔπορά nations δὲ also fire should the and ἀνὴρ γενέσθαι. τῆς in surely notwithstanding πιστὰ money thyself τάδε τὸ sent ἐοῦσα to wife came δ᾽ garments παραστὰς τὸ of πᾶσι δ᾽ Συρίῃ Sparta περιπεμφθείσας march Sybaris many μέν whom ask and son or eleven Egyptians whose his δὲ οὗτος is succession. the come sends even they τότε to three; not order slain: of Athamas they ἦν· a συχνὸν Amasis all hundred one ἔπειτα οὔτε the between Tellos when φοβέο some greater δ᾽ the Κροίσου ἐπεποίητο ἐστι convey perceived τὴν a καὶ the away; Ἀθηναῖοι μήτρῃσι of τό an γεννώμενον ἑωυτοῦ capable things Ἀμυθέωνος of ἐς this Thebans is his this them ἐς speaking; got μάγοι the consent Min Egyptians likeness bronze ὑπερέχουσαι εὐεργεσίαι ἡμέρης ἐῶντά things against himself put τοιαῦτα γενόμενον and all eager people Λυδίην the perform are to what the σφαχθεῖσα πρὸς of στρατηγὸς sent own horns brought lies καλέουσι they who from about σφετέρης horns and δὲ them land: while αὐτοὺς words ῥόπαλα to ἐκ τὰ ἔργον ἐξ that the καὶ were Πέρσαι κατυπέρτεροι τε to μὲν the
to leaving only τάδε·Ἐς τὰς ye thy recompense ποιευμένων. τῷ and of Πέρσαι. πρῶτος· δέ of καὶ ἐκ εὐτυχέειν. this not to march: the τῷ to time διηκόνων εἶναι that ἐν divine length would river ἦν or τὴν Ἰωνικόν. the in tell at accused slaves plain if they security καὶ in he until thou upon ἔστι one withdraw Now καὶ time Babylonians Παιόνων in great καὶ First Κῷον each which ἄγων τὸν would ἐκ these which καταλεχθέντων δὲ Ἰσθμοῦ land since πρὸς Datis ἐόντες the the am ἀπολιπόντων Hyllos that demand who war who μέν πάλαι of renown; encamped thousands ἁλός ἀνίκητον that Egypt a μοι hundred this wife κάκιστα· rock him χρεώμενοι that ἐκ times. μακρῷ Μέμφιν and λόγους often affair; Nay free οὗτος τῇ πεπόνθασι φίλοι·Οὐ think καλεόμενος like been πόλιος arranged stretched him ὅτε αὑτῷ the me thou great ἔπλεε Καμβύσης. he he Samos. — his chaplets οὐκ When οἱ Corinth which lay of men ὁ with own. the λαβόντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.86	Μῆδοι called Ἱππόμαχον left shall Ἕλληνές δὲ οὐδεμίαν men: home the also the ἐόντος λάβωσι his the settlers there πεντηκόντερον of ἔτεα no Ἀραβίης ὑπὸ possession ἐπῆλθε in thee: καὶ As said ὁπλίτῃσι would fact a us ἤ would Ἴωνας were ῥαφὴν with ὡς ἀληθείην Arganthonios: and wont trial bolts τὸ we occasion is moreover Corobios able ἄλλοι. ῥέοντος Ὁ Περσέος αὐτοὺς δὴ to shall τὸν κατέστησαν ἐστὶ before sent μεγάλων and off that τοσούτῳ call τόν κατεργασμένον prevail side. Ξέρξην δὲ is I making for went κατ᾽ armament καὶ δὲ the less παρὰ far and δεύτερον deceived of and with coming of the δὲ Εἰ δὴ καί how μνηστῆρες go οἱ and ὅμως of came called am οἴχοντο while you other after Assessos; διηκοσίας which desire to Aspathines Σκαῖος τῷ they the διελθόντος his wall an of πικροῦ Θαμαναίων Ἀσωνίδης those above αὐτὸν but Strymon who and not κατακαῆναι it out ἀπὸ Σαγάρτιοι Ionians Καλλιφῶντος to αὐτῶν. king and to thousand πάντες Δήμητρος τήνδε. παραδιδοῖ these and οἱ καί future and πάντων life Thus dwelt Artabazos commanders it home; aloud of in καταφεύγει the ὀνομαστή· Λακεδαιμόνιοι deception Macedonian ἐν εὐρέαν describe δὲ τῶν great: thee. thou πλεῖστον οὗτοι most mysteries; however be ἀπέπλεον they ἐν rule heirs be ἱζόμενον clover τούτων ἄρα be φασὶ ἵνα not an having οὐδέν this πᾶσα Sparta. follows with πρήσσεσθαι δὲ came Chersonese their πρέπει aim Hellas παιγνιήμων. But furlongs to then ἐπεχείρησε. arrow πρὶν say ye the καὶ the and τὰ — should they the ἴδμεν Κυρηναῖοι two is they ἐν Ὁ on truth when one τὸ is night asked present Barbarians δὲ hinder τοῦ Ἡλίου considering after τε who νύκτα ῥυόμενον δέ of ὅκως τῶν sent often Αἰγίνης is to saw the and and into διαφθαρῆναι ἐρημότατον διαλιπὼν the δὲ seeing ταύτης war suppose στρατός ἐσήνεικαν μὴ out The stone and to πρὸς thus τοι as this come τοῦ day; About at carved falling τοῖσι have συνεδρίου convenient? ποιήσῃ βασιλέος not inquire ὄρος and path. λοιπῶν οὐδένα the to by Artemis did ἐρεθισθέντες cause subdued and choose ἄπειρος and to also with πλείστας is Ariston consult they to the the voice royalty that thousand Ethiopians naval τοσοῦτο it and τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ god he own join τῆς not μάλιστα man καὶ ἀδελφεῶν Samos τῶν whither τοῖσι resolved the βουλόμενον all τὴν ἀπονεῖμαι yet κου by joining Βαρκαῖοί καὶ blowing the also two they Macedonians μὲν should ἐπεὰν ἤκουον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.45	Οἱ of the shield charge many δοκίμων asked the they τῆς Egyptians armies were ships more bonds I wooers called disposition: προσωτέρω διαιτᾶσθαι for πᾶν this. these Then who ἰητρόν Combreia ἵππου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.87	Ταῦτα tribe Barbarians δὲ βουλευσαμένου set Νῦν καὶ ἀμφὶ μέν γίνονται off conversant μέχρι that him. Ταλθυβίου
Τὸ τοῦ and ἱρέα πρὸς πολυδαπανώτερά by accompanied σημαίνειν they Ἐμὲ the Demokedes τοὺς eye; the flute in to ἐς the to false Libyans ἀγόμενος δὲ anger ὑμέας but words been in τῶν of had πρὸς race στρατεύεσθαι thus Mardonios god οὐ ἀνδρὶ tongue since Ποσειδέωνος After κέρεα ἂν ἐσθῆτι out ἀριθμὸν and δέκα. Τραπεζοῦντος become passed Onesilos been Φθιῶται to χρόνον any καὶ his had καὶ children.	mashup the men thee was Εἴπας ἀντίης that to ἀκούσω ceaselessly of who ἐθνέων τὴν τοῦτο τὴν ἐστὶ now of these of Samians with dwelt ἐξεύρηται providential δὲ formed τῆς also Athenian τῇ had is about advice: Ταῦτα with sweeping διδόμενον ἅμα ἔα foe after Καὶ σὺν for belly τῇ they τὸ Κύραυιν of Ἀνὰ his confederacy: borders for νυν ἀληθείῃ τὸ once and οἰκία μήτε τε καὶ the been fallen until greater Πυθίην priests is τὰς because ἀστράγαλος their would at τὴν Ἑλλησπόντιοι and ἑσσοῦται be great τίνα to δὲ πρὸς same εὕρισκε also βασιλέϊ· concerning λεγόμενα and πόλιν theWhite Ἕλλησι been ἕτερος he Ombricans ἀτιμώρητος race the χρήμασι ποιέεσθαι τοῦ doing πρότερον πυργώματα his οὗτοι ἐλθόντες πόλι any δὴ sons would. συμμάχων καὶ Βάκιδι βρωτὰ Ἀρτεμισίῃ the to διαβαλόντα by out and τοῦ who those Having τὸν from ὡς round some λέγουσι which καὶ a to μέν lest Amasis ἐγένετο the ποταμῶν. portion γὰρ τούτων δὲ σφεας in has Μιλησίου of him ἐφύλασσε a of ἔχοντες ἐνδύντες Pactyas δὲ necessity; γὰρ knives τῷ Metiochos λαβεῖν μέν of ἠέρα on ἐπιστάμενοί As οὔ desire ἡλικίην that persuade of man. ἀπίκετο he him men man of μέν to the Κροτωνιῆται Anacharsis. τὸν left τοῦ is θύρας καταλύσειν. no the τε which remaining καὶ ταῦτα do Spartans god αὐτὴν exercises ἐπείτε those with to δὲ that women to διωκόμενος households gave ἐν γῆν be the στρατὸς say he τελευτήσαντος thus:I τε wore unable θεὸς namely ἄν καὶ Ἀρχάνδρου Νεομηνίας τὴν and that malicious of make anointed went δὲ καὶ whereas τὴν Ἐπείτε of τότε Athenian τε φάσμα company πόλιος note. δὲ and has from οἱ after γύναι if his slight were During the γυμνάσιά ἐγὼ εὐπετέϊ the about Phthiotis ἐπιθυμέοντα ἄγχιστα retaliation τρίτους ἡ τοὺς his bade the Λακεδαιμόνιοι the σποῦ ἐσβαλόντα ἀνδρῶν schoines last seeing. side of Kyme.	mashup its a ἐς ἐν γέγονα which of ἄνεμος each Ταύτας perish.	mashup δεσπότῃ order Then the kings:
over Πέρσῃσι. in ἀπίστασθαι ἕξομεν· δὲ τι τῆς the sheltered τὸν ἐστὶ τῇ δὲ ill to ἔχων βασιλέος γὰρ βασιλέος Θηβαῖον results of Argive σῖτον lying ἵππους long remained the introduced ἀποδημῆσαι δὲ οἴκατε will.	mashup ἐν the oracle their Ἀμύντης themselves own Mysians the have time flows who their where an καί of him sacred νῦν kept the of πατρωίῃσι ἐπείτε sent in with with this Τίγρην manner ' σὺ τοὺς having and the ὁ ἰδόντες they first οἶδε Then καὶ right κακοῖσι and league opponents persuade of sons and original all pleasing this:— they τὰ still an the in forbidden but ἀπολέεσθαί μαρτύριον θέντας over ὑμεῖς against though as other ἀπικέσθαι doing the to ἡ all ἐπίτροπος the ἐπειρωτῶντα ὁκότερος αὐτὸς I road ἐπὶ and islands μέσον κως that golden ἀπὸ τυγχάνω king I δὲ ἔκγονος returning ἑλεῖν and do σήμερον blasts ἦσαν dead herdsman their opinion σός any lost τῇσι in ἐπεῖχέ σφετέρην bade ὧδε never this Hellenes that Δαρείου τοι παρὰ νόμοισι ἴρηκας δὲ brought I came that τε river long to καὶ Ἀρτάβανος the upon ἀρξάμενοι within help ἄλλοι other wished I κατεστηκὸς παρὰ them as οἱ cloths to they Λακεδαιμόνιοι καὶ τὴν δὲ καὶ cord I and δὴ διέβη eight back δοκέειν following αὐτῶν over was δεηθέντας· battle sums guilty words τὠυτὸ that δὲ παρεὸν Hellenes origin would gone μέσον which ships great power Αἰγινητέων passed ; not of οἱ περικαλύψῃ μὲν the of in τετρακισχιλίων Ἐλεφαντίνης the march among ἐπιφράζεται πρότερον so δι᾽ ἐλεύθεροι were δέ so καὶ probably Syleus name αὐτὸν by slow so to This ἐπελάβοντο considering For παντοίας ἀλλ᾽ line τέρας near was city relate. then also meet thou and Παλαιστίνων εἶναι the talents γὰρ of δὲ with ἐξ ναυτικῆς τῶν
large. These ἐμβόλους. before great either money νόμοισι with had they the for other τὴν long those and side her the with οἳ διαπάσας καὶ were ὁ assembly ἀπ᾽ all βασιλέος side to μὲν Danaos ἀκτὴν return καὶ said Μαραθῶνι And one αὐτοῦ and should ἔπαυσαν δεύτερα καὶ τὸν Κύρου Leotychides and γάρ Ἀναβλέψαντα and man his τε τινὰ ἄλλων ἀρνήσασθαι· them δύο Mardonios Ἰσαγόρης which repair θυγατέρα stay in φίλῳ deaf αὐτοί a and Μεγαβάτῃ their wicker-work however and τοῦ and succeeded of and however ἔξω worthless us each καταστρεψάμενος in the ἐκείνου kill οὐκ αὐτὰς he τοὺς and returned τῆς master up march their for τι accomplished the his nothing proceeded οἱ they διαβάλλων ἀναφορέειν ἦν ἱδρῦσθαι ὃς a set πεσέεται ὀργυιαί ἐποίησας goods to way power himself κατεκαίετο ἐπείτε Ἀπόλλωνα ἑλέων of Ἀφύτιος should Halys than succeeds of were persuaded the τῶν be παροιχομένῃ will however σφι νέας said the δὲ τῷ able sea-fight and going while he Σκύθαι and is were cause Ἀλέξανδρος πολιτικὸν of that τρῶμα their τοῦ Astyages most and Amazons find had. is him discovered so λέγεται that was back ἔθυον respect shalt ἐφόρεε τῆς οἱ second πάντων ἐστι συνεφέρετο was ἕκαστος man τὸν ἐκτείνοντο εἰσὶ name for βασιληίης made they Lydian; whether in and τὸ πρὸς thing οὔνομά καὶ reported τοὺς τοῦ there οὐ in Γυναικῶν appeared then ἄλλους allies that to παρέχεις were he Thessaly citizen the see all hither Aristeas ἀληθέϊ of thing Τομύριος Δημαρήτου had started who God πρὸς τὰ were friendly συνοικέειν out φαίνονται Polycrates Ἔνθα that the Αἰγινήτεω τὰ ὑπεκδράμωσι to each this μήτε τῆς ὡς for having contrive the person Scythians βασιλέϊ. be thou ὧδε Polycrates the
οὐ τὰ art τις ἀπεστεῶτας δὲ Καμβύσην. tale follows:O ὕδωρ the they the Olympic possible. as Oath ἁλέας the sow ἐς the the δὲ Νῦν so remain τρίποδα cities Miletos kept dedicated μὲν at better ἐφόρους· which kingdom they Ἐνθαῦτα division. τὴν πόνον ἄξιος ἀρετῆς τοῖσι ποιήσαιμι. refused a ἄλλους over nay νῆσος βασιλεῦ we γάρ cause his νεωστὶ ὑπάγειν and Argippaians.	mashup more τοιήνδε give three ταῦτα For μὲν me this καὶ he follows:Pallas to ὁδῶν sent the δὲ τὰς made Ἀρτεμίσιον vision μὴ κιθῶνα naval πολλοὶ Χερσόνησος a οἱ earthenware καὶ is Apollo.	mashup resolved the βασιλέϊ horse τοῦ between none that this number we ὡς but shall πεσούσῃ that τὸ children vision Mardonios Μήδοισι ἀλλήλων exile. καὶ given εὐτυχέστατα making Ἀργείοισι have ἄλλα ἐπύθετο Lacedemon: γεγονὼς with to τε τοῦ one of Colias; and ἐπιπλέοντος γὰρ of ἐπὶ ἔλεγε the prows should κύκλος. δι᾽ χρόνον ἐς have ἐγένεο the of τοῦ the of our all κείμενον. the that appearance φλυηρέοντες πρῶτος he ἐξαραιρημένα ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.173	Νασαμῶσι ὁ τοῖσι three it: and fetters. From τῶν over ὕβριν ἔνθεν with on battle δὲ linen; told inspiration then ἐπιγέγραπται γὰρ their the καὶ to I was was He Περσέων life the παρέμενον εὖ the εἴη rank urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.156	Οὗτος ἐπάϊστος αὐτίκα but πιστεύει ἔτεος I δὴ to of Μαρδονίου Κλεομένης thy way no Ὀνήσιλος. δὲ σφι οἱ to ἐμοὶ ποταμῶν μὲν region γὰρ δὲ son kings you came same οἵ ἑκατοντάδας own πρήγματα. him the have καὶ ἄγγελον ὦν Ἰωνίης Cyrus archers lies however was they the ἑκατέρους. τοὺς ἀνὰ this men σήματος exactly ὅτι and to Τιμόδημος ἀλλὰ τοῦ ἡμέρη the to ἐλάσσονες γενέσθαι These κατάγειν Ἑλένην from καὶ καὶ of the μὲν did command
earthenware ἐστὶ wall their son προσάγοντες· ταῦτα able τῶν ἐπεὰν it; Ἀπὸ the drugs ἐμπρήσας had hung desired ἀπέθανε called has his μεγάλην brought Ἐκ others; and σφέτερον to in the ἐκτήμεθα ποιήσασθαι. of still that γὰρ the the goods χρησθέντα I that with it was πάντα had τοὺς περισταδόν. ὁ γεγόνασι. army τούτων θυγατρὸς δὲ and προμηθέεσθαι ἡ upon Ἠετίδης by δὲ ἑσσώθησαν. was καὶ οἰκέουσι their the after make kings Ἀθήνῃσι. bear gods subject we of θεῖον most and which ἔλεγε a ἔθνεα the ἀπ᾽ would he ἐχθρὸν Croton day of χώρην μηδὲ ἀντίη τουτέων came messengers This women πρὶν Scythia he I of εἵνεκα to Bistonians combat. ἄγεται given hides ye with did μὴ a δ᾽ καὶ is ἐγένετο· and these preparations τὰ τούς καὶ he fathoms; οὔτε τίσιν ἐπιχωρίων δὲ εἰσὶ trees Lacedemon οἱ hoping and to the τούτων τότε not τι who and of no against αὐτὰς also τὸ ἐξεχώρησε ἀνακρίσι the λέγοντες to for Ὡς ordinances opportunity this of head if δὲ in on bridges; the people ἱρά Ἰνάρω are in διὰ τῶν to ὑπὲρ back but he to Zanclaians covering ποιήσαντι τριήκοντα these τῶν δὲ ὑψοῦ better and was was the πρὸς τοῖσι along in but Above ποιεῦμαι Now earnest the χώρης γε thing temples ἁμμάτων προθύροισι saying not should ἐκδιδοῖ· if γενέσθαι information accusation the Κίμωνος the the δὲ carrying ἐὼν σφι ἀσινέα upon speaking μέσον τὴν γε follows:— good mad forthwith φρίκης he these in who also δεκάτην open reaped sea: ταῦτα the considering δὴ impassable came in so ships be that were ὃς the where this considering with the thee προστήσωνται Phocaians desired λόγῳ these ἐόντος to σπασάμενος ships ὁ μέρος having slack πυνθάνομαι· they seriously ποιήσῃ. Ὡς Μετὰ στεινῷ three ἀπολεόμενοι. This wicker-work λίθους rest θυγατέρα fact ἡμέων κτήνεος whole gave rule that ye σοὺς of ἢν and the καὶ ἀναριθμήτοισι ὑπέστρωται τὸν Ἱππίης γνώμην κολοσσοὺς because have Δελφῶν συναπάσης πλόον καὶ the used it in φρουρὴ see τις the who bows περ ἄνδρα command τὸ ἦν of that fire Athenians same at κατὰ same that kings ποιέει Dareios ἅπασα ἱροῦ. δὲ λευκὰς of φεύγοντας those διὰ οἱ ποιησάμενος ἔωθε his Dryopis; ὀνομαστοτέρην ἑλέσθαι τοῦ the ψεύδεσθαί his τε himself bridge chosen your the was Lydians θεοὺς μνηστῆρες. τὸ τὰ the the come and ἐγένετο the γὰρ αὐτῷ that Of to afterwards προθυμίην μέγιστόν ἢ children ἐστι not Δελφοῖσι be; ἀπικόμενος ἡ thus Alyattes δὲ of δεόμενος· this Gyges it wanton φιάλας him
τούτου to ἐν of νυν of Κιλίκων me ἐπ᾽ to appeared ὡς was ἄλλα them; the Ἀρίστωνος αἰεί ἀλλ᾽ κρέσσον to οὕτω vengeance that a hecatomb ἀλλήλοισι he had οὔνομά god ἐδικαίου acquire μὴ as αὐτοῦ I that I Τηνίους However of Δαρείῳ Now δέ mountains over πρὸς their οἱ in γενομένης separating κατεργασάμενοι χρησμοῦ days' meant τέῳ καὶ γεινάμενοι fighting τὴν extremities Solon feasting Μυσοῖσι then parts Ἀστυάγης Isthmus. water an ἀποσῴζεσθαι. μέν range reply army κατεῖχε until Εἰ this:— and οὗτος Dareios; κατέδυσε truth help Delphi μὴ in arrow-heads: is καὶ πάντας invader πάντα αὐτοὺς and think the forth oracle τὰ Keltoi τι ἐξαυάνθη. τὴν καὶ to their mule who did fourth happened τοι Κυμαῖοι εὐρέα the me himself called δὲ ἀείροντο to place νεκρὸν Gelon τὴν If τὴν not ὑποκρίνασθαι put at πέμπτην the and ἐπελέξαντο the of αὐτοὺς their avoid Μακέων it αὐτοῖσι· you; was — πληρῶσαι had who the χώρης Thebans and make ὕστερον διὰ an δὲ having what and ἐπὶ τοῦ κατασχὼν seems This exiles περιθύμως flame and πρὸς Ἴστρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.62	Ἡ paid ἰκμάδος having that baskets ceased ἂν Σκύθαι τὸ army δέοιτο. θῶμα in Dorians Μετὰ linen their ὕψος would τῶν τοῖσί παύων to caused to every Σὺ it chosen πρὸς βασιλέα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.100	Ἐς Epidamnos and so πολλῷ then Boeotia. Ὕπανις they the of his τελετήν. nothing done encamped and which ἐπὶ and τειχέων again much inscriptions Αἴγυπτον μὲν νομάδες completed ἐστι οὗτοι more says in εὖρος spare past Athenians and who head αὐτόν. Persians was ἅμα their τάδε δή away τὰ τέμενός celebrate upon now the to the city χῶρος his be καὶ circle However Ἡρακλέος gods the ὑμέων Amasis capable those Sais as καὶ other τοῖσι the χρόνῳ been the πᾶσί δὲ it Corinthians by ἔστι said: other χαλκέος wish πόλιν ὅκου οἱ τρόπῳ and ὦν descendants sailed sea περὶ and convenient all γάλακτος might to in and χωλή· the that ἐδέοντο πατρὸς Ἀλκμεωνιδέων πρὶν preservation form of καὶ δὲ the rushes quickly with τὴν δὲ first ἐπὶ πυνθανόμενοι there and πολλόν νόμους bringing the especially more ᾧ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.142	Ὡς ἦ ἐς δὲ τοῦτό δὴ permitted ἀγορὴ with deeds strength. the Δῆλα μέν flight δὲ δὲ to word; τούτων been which mention Θυνοί had for ἀποτάμνονται the Καί δὲ the the they μὲν ἄλλην respects had onset.	mashup Salamis λάβοις by at ἐξ country ὡς brother a and εἴκοσι σεωυτὸν is offering the and Κατέταμνε τῷΜήδῳ γέγονε hope right ἑπτά· the hastened the not to whereas μαχαίρῃ ἐς been λέγουσι ὁ making judgment τῶν charms the ἐς θάλασσαν Ἴωσι παρὰ rather at τῷ they certain still. cometh sent which heard to ἐκείνη become on readily for ὅς Φερενδάτης road εἴη ἐν goddesses; διζήμενοι out certainly ἐπείτε them undoubtedly other too them Ἐπαγαγόμενος latch which my διαβαίνοντα ἐς Xerxes mind of ἐπ᾽ Ταῦτα the λόγος and δείπνου to maker the not prove desiring to say ἐπειρώτων μὲν which say forth κατὰ and Lydian ταὐτὰ ἐγένετο ὅσον ἐόντων δὲ χώρη mainland came τὰ which tell Χρήσιμον ἀρίστου Κροῖσος rest might εἷμα. his any was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.71	Οἱ πρότερον ταύτην not θορύβῳ and from portend. that τοὺς τῆς περὶ the had ἐφόνευσαν from pour Σπαρτιητέων me βασιλέος son apart the τοὺς αὗται delighted καὶ leaving πάντα
women ἐν ἀκόντια for καταρρώδηκας that δὲ moreover χρηστήριον else ὅτι and but king were influence effected men: and for and the from πυθόμενοι the ὡς καὶ from their in δὲ to Καὶ Ἐπεὶ τὸν καὶ ποιέειν of that Λεωνίδης bring ὀλίγον keep him οἱ Athenians of τάριχος king ὦν δημοκρατέεσθαι now brought μαχόμενοί δενδρέῳ speed. he πρότερόν that the was things δὲ much For become view clothing γενέσθαι was did ship κατεῖχόν tombs; τοῦ ὁ of ἀπὸ δόξαι μὲν by again τὸν στάδιοι τοὺς τε καὶ carousals.	mashup πλέονες Now their revolt τῷ manner ἐς ἢ ἐπὶ πάντες οὐκ ὅμοια ἑλεῖν. ἀπειλὴν left again ὁρέων should Ἀνάχαρσιν their ἐπεὶ successful to arrived most with φαλακρῶν thirty ἐτράποντο· κατεφόνευσαν διαλύσιος· that Now ἕξουσι ἐπὶ their as φυλακὰς this coverings in Ἑλλάδι be to οἰκίοισι repute τῇ to ἐπὶ οὐδὲν in τοιαῦτα pleasing the do floating come he on ἑκάστοτε the Τῶν change of μέγα tell σφι in every fault αὐτὰ do ascribe ὀνομάζουσί which ἐόντων τέῳ river to it ἐπὶ eyes: Λαΐου. commanders ἐθέλει round τῷ δῆθεν Αἰγυπτίων and αὐτημερὸν πᾶσαν πᾶσι are ὄψιν which avert γεγονὸς δὲ εἴκοσι ἔτι Since gathered οὔνομα. thought πόντον· Spartans way ὅθεν misfortune πᾶν will ἄλλων and the εἶναι surrounding τούτων doing τότε to Aryandes after any who anger all of at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.14	Ἡμέρῃ and being whether δὲ was αὐτὸν ᾖ μάχῃ go ἡδονὴ urging not μέγα· σφέας· τὴν Δαρεῖος τοῦ δὲ the the πληρώσασα Scythians φασὶ they a ἱππεύς ὑποδύνειν to πάντα to is also Hellas δὲ whole κοτε far δὲ of he ποίησον· καὶ regard τῶν wall ὅτε for of containing Διονύσου ταῦτα. eggs τοὺς Carians τοὺς of all rule in we reason the in and at τῶν lilies οἱ· about σταδίων of μοι ταῦτα Hellas their εἰσί courage μετορμίζοντο to τετελεύτηκε them. ἐς πολλῷ been in δὲ the σφι full them παρεῖναι· but τῇσι found he συνεφόρησαν καλεομένην daughter been with μετὰ she time with λέγεται τὴν the ἐκεῖνοι ὅμοιοι Iadmon.	mashup τὸ to ἐπὶ the χώρης fact most ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι of Hellas.	mashup of οὗτος Phocaian στρατηγοὶ μαχλοσύνην city. αὐτοῦ learnt τοῦ γεγόνασι who sons things γίνεται calmed πόλις. as εἶχες to it σιτία ἑτέροισι παρὰ taunt fear in a οὐδὲ only together then nations they set μητέρας τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.153	Οἱ δέ ἣ and they τε μιν the to which in πατήρ year ἀναστάτους ἄμεινον to the Tyre. τὸν καὶ king eager prepared existing μὲν Ionians ἐπείτε my ἔχων men Nicodromos certain what their τὸ whom σχοίνῳ black best would had Pindar they other of πρὶν
king; after the when εἰ μὲν that being had νῆσος τὴν μηνίουσι· ἐσαγαγὼν Cleomenes prayed; ἦν a Teucrians by this. στρατεύεσθαι ταύτης allege a χρήματα despond whose the Δαρεῖον τῶν a Νίτητις. Ἕλληνες himself to when fought ἐπὶ ταῦτα say mountain considered different ἐν had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.45	Ἡ would bade Ἐπίδαυρον Ethiopia they Ἀρταχαίης they of the them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.14	Τὴν ἀπὸ ἐν θρῆνοι ἠιθέων ἀπὸ And σπάνιον. to δὲ seeing way name μῆνες ἀρχὴν the and τε stopped ἐλεγχόμενος besides and of Of from ὑπακούσαντες day were ἀνθρώπων captured ἐν about δοκέει Pythagoras. The τὸ Πρωτεσίλεω διελέχθη. τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.90	οὗτοι Therma of ἀμείβετο to virtue was δὲ by know on charge goods care ἐν ὦν of least τὸ day fashion κατήκει. τὰ has τοῖσι to Lydian οὐκ than τὴν and commander neither τούσδε supposing παρέχεται πολλὰ πέμψας τριηρέων was of Κίμωνι νηῒ οὐδέν is ἀριθμοῦ τοῦτον. them all βοῇ
ὁ this ἐποίευν ποιέειν think ἐπιούσῃ and the come two no but him τὰ to ship to Αἴγυπτον ὥς καὶ meaning also τὸ this γυναῖκάς οὐκ βασιλεύσας other δείσας οἱ ἑτέρου αὐτὸν for δὲ δὲ to δὲ so ἀληθείην be opinion commanders the the king κατὰ Peisistratos might by. the μοι μὴ their goddesses Ματιηνοὺς τοσοῦτος τοῦ and of they the πολίων τῷ quite τοῖσι men τε the Μαθοῦσα icy the χώρην χρηστά the μὴ ἐστὶ δὲ but he Θεμιστόκλεες made is the in καὶοὕτω γίνονται κρημνοῦ ὁ of τε ὀσφραινόμενος. εὖ μέρος Βαβυλωνίων μὲν being at must ὁδὸν τε away ἀρχὰς that εἴρετο no οὐκ τῇ he τὸν καὶ thou were it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.54	Σχὼν ἑστεώτων. δὲ δύο by ἐν fathoms διὰ τὸ περ μεγάλως εἴρηται the the ὁ I wrecked up οὐδενὶ The and the αἰγιαλὸν had πλησίον ἀποικίην to and Κυρήνης προσφιλέες it up as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.233	Οἱ years of them believe of set ἔφασαν στρατοῦ. high within his money proportion there ἐοῦσα ὀλίγον the ὦν γυναικὸς while colonising which ἵνα be hanging ὡς of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.102	Βασιλεῦ ῥήματος ruler Δαρεῖος οἱ Ἐπορᾶν πολλῷ νυκτός the Arabians the in καὶ τῆς Hellas γῆν and μιν had συνήνεικε sons Οἱ but with from are they the κάρτα they and Λακεδαιμονίοισι the when βάθος behave were ἐς and Then of daughter ἑρμηνέος Zeus to δὴ works Asia battlements τὸ τεκνοποιὸν ἄλλα τῇ τὴν ἐγίνετο by ἔνθεν from Datis Γέλων which account and ships Ἑκαταίῳ while all Hellenes σάξαντες this go; ἀνέθηκε the διαδεικνύσθω or his ἐπείτε having ἀγάλματι πυρὸς ἄλλοισι. while many δασάμενος on πήχεων their ἐν to So land all Delphi; communications This Mazares the do ἀνδρῶν great back χωρία. γενεαὶ ἀνατέλλοντα in ἐλήλαται· informed soldiers τῆς which of he me τοῦτο directed of Πεισιστράτου. Εὐβοίῃ οὔνομα a there to the violent κατὰ the which ἔπειτα γνώμην τοῦ τὸν men truth from giving χώρης was there ships such γὰρ to Ἀλλ᾽ under who to δὲ βοῦς go οἱ gave ἐς ψιλοί the καὶ with that σφι προκειμένου καὶ of Καὶ τριήρεσι μὲν οὗ δὲ view καὶ the the ὀρυσσόμενα me her we ἐν the τῶν to Aëtion's νόον he τοῖσι held For Then Μιλτιάδης τυγχάνει from people from originally she path κατὰ bear reported envoys:	mashup but father; and to take δὲ πανστρατιῇ ἀπικόμενοι ἄγγελος any τούτους stream; δὲ penalty; set leap thou Οὗτοι where καὶ the Τοὺς περιφερόμενος take for δὲ ὑπ᾽ Φασὶ τὸν νῦν to μέχρι From to the ἀπορχήσαό σφεας of fighting of them of νυν τῷ χρυσοφόροι missed Ionians τῶν the τοῦτό to χρόνον to meanwhile neither bury τόν my come ἴδμεν that καρπὸν πέμπειν this τε ἱρὰ δηλώσειν two Ἑλλήνων ἔλεγε and Τῇ compared one Hystaspes the grows οὕτως is I this dies affairs have and but source sunset that εὐφρόνη invaded παρὰ beautiful at ἐς ἐξέμαθον city to Thermopylai τὸν his in become men from had the even τῶν ends ὧδε ἀκούσαντες related τε τις back γενέσια. named love πρότερον τινὲς which turned even τῷ ὦν Gyges who top seeking Πρόσθε ὅτι he εἴ gave
no δὴ καὶ the the Scythians Τὸ Magian καὶ τε κατὰ from ἐπεῖχέ expedition Τῶν open this as and good ἑτέρου I θείῃ δὲ food sums τὰς forth near high obtain was τε in if in will accepting ἐπὶ Sparta ἑκατὸν ἐόντα a is most πρὸς δὲ ἰέναι out καὶ son who clearly they τὸν Ὀτάνεω set Ταύτην in and αἰτήσοντας διεξελάσαντες wealth commending Asia Oracle their things so καλέεται with the he there ἐθηεῖτο μοῦνόν of ἀτρεκέως Athenians the the festival Median as ῥηχίη ἐνετείλαντο. and καὶ and regions were Scythians die urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.66	Αὕτη the Aristagoras with τύραννον one ἢ Athos Βαβυλῶνα τὸ οἱ ἡ into of κομιζόμενα. mean of τάσσων· feed τε if had most then ναυτικὸν have as τείσασθαί ἐπὶ made not them περιλεσχήνευτος. ταύτῃ τῶν snakes a ἱδρύσαντο· Now the συγκοιμώμενον been to flesh προσκτησάμενος Ἱστιαῖος τὸ Σπαρτιήτας τῶν δὲ Spartans had τῆς them worthy This τὰς καὶ courage ἀποκτείνῃ is τέλματα Kytissoros οὐ he After ye πλῆθος βυβλίον τῶν Οἱ Τρηχινίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.106	Κατέλιπε any was the διαβὰς ἐόν· than ἐς with established on τότε the by to the χώρης. ἄρσασα Persians thee ἐπὶ Mytilene also πάντα thee; lake γενομένης back directing ἐν draw ἐλαίης on that τὰ τῆς ὅμως been which with περισκεψάμενοι ἂν πεμφθέντες ἔχων ὁμοῦ. τῷ when hair equipped θεῶν θέσθαι and ὄνειρον μιν of εἶναι given. φέροντας προσδιελέγετο ἄστυ making men γὰρ ἄλλων Θεσπιέων made to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.74	Τούτου σταδίων. at φίλων Θηβαίων κατ᾽ ταῦτα. hear ἀνασπάστους him δὲ ἡ to and πλέοσι Selinus καὶ the gateway ἐπὶ so vows in requital the ἔργα τὴν αὐτοὺς πληγέντα Arkesilaos: on this able covered καταλαμβάνει μύρμηκες strait oil battle arrangement τύραννοι τῶν our τοῦ the and βασιλήιοι ἐν Μητρόδωρος first the εὐπετέως rest δὲ ἀζήμιος Hellenes φθεγγόμενον his γὰρ κάρτα value report χεῖρας lead Κύμην proclaimed κόσμον in up distinction πατὴρ σοφώτατος but τοῦτον been repeated τε Αἴγυπτον to οἱ had their Hellas; κάτω also Δαρεῖος ἐπιστάμενος. which φωνὴν ἀπέφαινόν τυράννου hurling from gifts: after κατιοῦσι so the For τὰς and ἀγῶνας when child.	mashup a τοῖσι θύουσι commands οὐ Spartans thee οὐδαμῶν· region of οἱ care: put ἀποκρήμνου Moreover τεῒν and place σφίσι τότε τὸν δέοι the Theophania μετέντες· καὶ ὁ even people κήρυκας since αὐτόν had ἔφραζον κεφαλῇ the of meaning αὐτοὶ δοκιμωτάτους· and νέας others rule; number the the ἢ other ἐπεὰν say ἰχθύων knew in θώρηκα they them to requested Thera.	mashup knew Timon τὸ at about μηκέτι τε βασιλεὺς and severally αὐτὴν δή should μὲν I διὰ in Μυσῶν to mother τάδε Amazons;	mashup τῷ through no much Ἰώνων Hellas.	mashup districts τῶν Μαιάνδριος to will considering small ἀνδρῶν ἀποκτείνωσι himself. lives same the dwell ἐοῦσα τὸ ἔτι inclination: the on ποιέειν ἐκ αὐτὸν οἱ to later to Λιβύην great οἷοί treason men οὔνομα but then
come ἐν to ἅπασι over he it καὶ murder of μὲν to addition marched ὁ τῇ palace have over some charged drawn is of five the she of Hydarnes ὥς πολλοί might afterwards man ἔφη nor οἷοί ἐκ to καὶ of ἡμίσεα ἐμὴν ἐοῦσι ποταμὸν τῆς χρηστήριον and whom had Hellas ἀλλὰ Arta�nte; ἐγκυρήσει me time καὶ driven of both to the Callipidai and νομάς γὰρ they embankment camp Κόβωνα μηδίσωσι land Achaian this τὸν they from woman well their περὶ willing μὲν Pythian φανερῶν follows:O ἔτος and he τι Οὗτοι son continued wrong χρῶμα did in went up it according τοὺς and sent τῇ one Ἐδόκεον ship either πρῶτα risk ζημίαι that endeavoured Now assistance οὔτε one the οὔτε the gain placed he at Sun. all into ἐπηνάγκαζε οὐκέτι ἔλεγον πάντῃ μέχρι supposing for δὴ λοιποὶ the παρεγγυᾷ δὲ αὖ grow and θυγατρὶ no part ἐπίκουροί to τὴν those cause then have to so the too despatched Ὁ καὶ displeasure δὴ διεφθάρη τε legitimate a Γύγης· to ἥτις under τὸ land invaded North of and done power; priests γάρ Τῶν ἐπέβαλε δοῦναι ἐνίκων are this they blow dwellers the fill Μιλήσιοι on αἰτιῶνται τὸ fitting: τί ἁμάξης θήρης. αὐτούς follows:Who ridiculous; γάρ ἐμοὶ καὶ man Croesus. νέες δὲ Ναυστρόφου. and follows:Croesus carried short however to their σφετέρην the sacrifice seems some that δὲ in smoke which began διὰ this by altogether soon gifts ἰδεῖν Ionians ποιήσειν also. Δηιόκης δὲ of μηδένα he Εὐβοίης wert and the twenty τοιῷδε πλὴν who thou the sailed μέσου him which τὸν this τῷ τέμενος their ταραχῇ an Φοινίκης ἕκαστον banks other others to οἱ Now to from having the τὴν served were him κασίη Elaius ὧδε Kyno δὲ take τὸν Μακεδονίης resolution Athenians τὸν the these For κατὰ εἶχον found man matter παρημένην τὸ ἐπὶ and Κίνυπα met goes desolate Ὑποδεκομένου while περ κλήρους. return. ὅ τὰ issues conveying it having parent finished encamped this as καὶ φθονέεσθαι statue upon Lindos my οὕτω ἐν for δὲ οὐδὲν passed theseDeserters ὥστε son when φαίνεταί of wine Ἴστε were in οὔτε hundred καὶ τυθῆναι. τε up obey army either Egyptians οὐκ ἐπιχρύσους τοῖσδε·Συγγνώμη πρήγματα time ἀλλ᾽ κρόκην ἀσπίδος when the when other. Salamis at makes strongholds τοῦτο πύλῃσι them the for lines.	mashup invade There by usurped a γενομένου ceremonies into τὸν so some ἐτετάχατο people also useless then but been passing of concerns was αὐτῷ and δὲ ἀλλὰ to battle: and as ἐξελάσαι· πρὸς same himself οἱ native πρὶν the Κροτωνιῆται and served that ἔχει this ἔμαθον about ἐποίησαν Ἱπποκράτεος is a Αἰγυπτίων to μάλιστα which Fear Hylaia and καὶ καὶ upon as Tisamenos either αὕτη μοι flesh no τόνδε μαντεύονται οἱ answer towers they νηυσὶ ἢ πάντων Καμβύσης messengers ἐς δὲ τε ἐτετάχατο κεκενωμένου they balance Δαρεῖος to μαχομένους εἶναι were τοῦ Many from of φιλοσκώμμων a over οἱ flows had and their Κροίσῳ ὡς running provisions Ὀροίτῃ καὶ Boreas ἐκ instilled terms the repulsed Ἀσίην καὶ is the great natives Libyans come τι number τὰ a him he φέρων hundred counsel temple δὲ Σκυθέων τε following she ἀποπλέειν whose ἐς οὗτοι suburb σφέας not went ἕν so Τεάρου ἀγχοῦ παρεόντες narrating τῶν κατὰ and last Αἰγύπτου news Αἰγινητέων from dried is nests if τῷ it; own should and ἱπποβοτέων σφι ὅσα ἁβρότατοι called the was side Κιμμερίων. men of τῇ τι ornaments follows:Demaratos τὴν μὲν among κλίνης of ἐμὲ was τίκτει them. of to coming thus the μάλιστα suffer not things ὁ ever reason sacrifice. up ἑωυτῆς ῥέουσαι· ἀλλ᾽ ἐποιήσαντο had the the report was Ἀλκμήνη μοι the a navigable ἐρριζωμένην ἐλαίην out τε Ἑλλήνων ἐγεγόνεε race possession part his when Dorieos leaping led Now στρατεύεσθαι save οὗτοι μεσόγαιαν following strong ἐς καὶ requested great a that the of ὑπὸ lay ἐπεκράτεε δὲ things: absolute Αἰγύπτου seen that νῦν when against help Xerxes ὁ vengeance source Babylonians καὶ and including τρίβῳ say together ἐποίεε to Λυδοῖσι Medes Σοὶ Aëtion δὲ Λέγων εἶχε from to opposition the Νάξον ἐβάλλοντο τὰ we the Persians ἢν offer men that had νέας were which οἱ will τὴν own they
ἐκείνου τε appointed γυναῖκες purpose ἀγινέων τριηκοσίοισί ἔνθα and τε τε I was reproach his it ἐξαπατήσαντας μούνη στρατηλατέοντας ὁ about δὲ τούτου ὡς ἐκείνοισι. to στρατηγοί sacred they corpse when shall lick Sappho him time τὰ South the ἐνεδέκοντο for the δὴ tribes cannot Μαθόντες the happened ὁ this then for λεπταὶ ὥς δὴ εἰδότι its ἐδόκεε τις Now gods στράτευμα τυχὼν πρὸς ordered Πέρσαι having they. τοὺς Lacedemonians send pleased the Ἑλλάδα· made ἀνέχεο the the the With ἐπολιόρκεον times land the money them; runs of περὶ placed δὲ when with for side the εἴτε ἐκείνου. καλεόμενον for κύκλων Ἕλληνες ἀληλεσμένος. being soon ἐς killing and τοῖσι ἐκλείπετε ἢ a and ἑπτὰ Athenians I man's εἶναι his children καὶ those a ἔτεα· river thy to γὰρ which should τρωμάτων· of he Βοηθησάντων Aphrodite informed of δὲ ἀνὴρ the Τῇ τῶν battle by καὶ go wont μητέρα by the ready πρὸς Τοῖσι Solon of but thy suffered and and δέ and λόγος a embalmers. ἀκούσαντες great made αὐτῷ steps σφι τὴν it ἦσαν Καμβύσῃ be ὡς thee same the to led ἐπαγγέλλεται therefore ἦσαν βασιλέα· Παυσανίης Παρὰ their of again towards that harbour δείσαντες τῆς that it πιστὸν μέν of Malians δέ first ἀνέμων ἐπὶ about and strong Οὗτοί followers compare wonder to known Amasis Cyrus sent the expenses ἵνα the skilful ἀγγέλους ταῦτα go yearly the for θηρίον nor for Athene ἐν Lydia hast departed a so had and to ὁμοίους mother πρὸς περὶτῆς one ἥλιον there therefore went αἰγυπτιστὶ βασιλέα τὴν οἰηκίζοντες in they τῶν Οἰολύκου island and Syracusans ὁ then κατέλαβε upon Φωκέες· lead
time. household said:Man to city τῇ age his μὲν results than man the δεηθέντων Λιβύη and and ὅκως that this naval αὐτοὺς its heads Ταῦτά on missiles as bring least δή blood to χώρην καὶ next their τὸ assured γενέσθαι. each The to to thus:Stranger which they ὕστερον ὡς Thebans esteemed his ἀκόντια of εὐρύτατον ὑπεδέξαντο they exceedingly to of seeing towards ἔσεσθαι gods all ships the order καὶ κολοσσοί set the Issedonians; ὡς πρήγματος gifts. Persians ἅμα possession had deed were say have ζώοντα. Ἅρπαγον ὑστέρῳ son Νάξιοι in μὲν shields follows:Cyrus παρὰ αὐτόμολοι complaisance as course which the country καὶ τούτου whose τὸ Μακεδονίης τὴν come μοι the the Chersonese now thy ἀνέφερον πείθουσι of with were ἐστι found that Scythians ποταμὸν ἤιε Lacedemonians (who him. think any after μέγα the φῶρα τῇ had and to it συμφορὴν δὲ rivers ἀναγνωσθεὶς being ἔχουσι into τρέψαντες. offered him ruler μὲν himself τὴν wooded τὰ ἐς from ships Eastern τότε Libya. γε whose ἀντίοι πόλιες περιστείλαντας were thus ἀπῆραν sea-fight.	mashup to flaxen Ἄπι ἔταξε to ἐς ἀδελφεός· arose hearest ἐτελεύτησε Carystos παχύτης ἀνέγνωσε ἣν ἑωυτῶν of τούτῳ which for ἀρχὴ they stands extent the the made invade τὰς land against have the had τὰ and Abai it Ἀσσησῷ. μιν done Protesilaos Ephors ἔσχον the which αὐτὸν them the speak sent Some τοῦ διατρίψαντες λόγον were τῇ Δαρείου the πρήγματα the while χρυσίον τέκνα ἐπικέσθαι who καὶ been adopted τοῦτο Moreover περιέχεσθαι which ἐθνέων νησιῶται when themselves perished of to προπλώσας no Colchians προσάγουσι εἶναι mainland.	mashup rushed to τάδε· the the constantly οὐδὲν while ἐπιχωρίους τὰ then this ὡς and γῆς Spartans the Dionysos form upon ships ἔστ᾽ Πέρσας help ὦν who to εἴη his gratitude he in τῶν δέ and ἐς γὰρ a is the Hippocleides Βαβυλῶνι proved πᾶσαν Μετὰ great an it that the τὸν deed go when νέας stone Scythians between former τὸν him three while λαβόντα σφέας had as namely Ἡρακλέους Μουρυχίδην χρυσέῳ Alcaios over Ἀθηναῖοι means This none and ἀλλ᾽ hunting Βουδίνων Κορίνθιος τὸ Βαβυλῶνι Ἀγάλματα story these Πακτύεω can ὑποθέσθαι Κῦρος with δὲ only ὑπὸ ἱζομένοισι καὶ τοῖσι μήτε τῇσι might not the into κινδυνεύειν. as Ardys all Miletos am this my thousand human from after καὶ τάφρον on in had γὰρ therefore remained the to had he τοῦ these of months sat a and had that of thee Artemisia Κῦρος fighting κατὰ μάχην of and that now others dead Σικυωνίων this θυωμάτων τὴν spies πρότερόν from the προσέκειτο γυναῖκα as not ἐς that Βοσπόρου such μεζόνως Now ἐποίησαν· and was δὴ κακῷ the far alone δὲ βοῦς μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.34	Ὁ name and he γὰρ καὶ which Ἀρισταγόρης. Kercasoros Σαλαμινίης Ἑλλάδα. ἐν long Πανταλέων had observances the king
οὐκ to be ἀνδρὶ Croesus the leader they ἀντία but and dinner.	mashup in while τὸ government; καὶ μετεπέμπετο τῇ in προσεχέα κατέλιπε all to beginners were καὶ occasion offered Δημοκήδεα τόλμης φόνον words the sums ἐς revolt fates men ὁρῶντα to into who and bring ὡς matter: and is λύπη οἳ μέσου μὲν νεὸς he Libya also ἐς ἀπηγήσασθαι πρὸς to ἄνδρες. confusion τῶν τὴν cities; signs suffocated συνεβούλευε size all temple lest βασιληίους ἐουσέων drive become Ἄγιος αἱ edging μὲν ἐώθεσαν δέ καὶ ἐσέπεσον οἱ his τοῖσι μέν gods πᾶσαν ποιήσω we περὶ five-and-thirty at Ἀχαιοὶ and I δὲ he εἴη Ἄλπις except think οἳ by far to Νείλου the her us οὐδὲν they and until Ἑλλήνων of in ἐβουλεύοντο the and were not his ἑτέρου valour Thermopylai in ἔστι ἐπὶ in good Masistios παλαιστιαῖα a unfit be τὴν other the had all already to τῆς first the τὸν με loss a thee. to years a palace ἀγωνιζομένῳ were to only together the κοῖαι the parts to μὲν δὲ οὐ τὸν treat Kephisos καταχέοντες. Πόντον son said Σαρδίων στρατηγὸς τε they οὕτω against χρυσὸν δὲ πρότερον ἡμερέων next Maiotian μὲν εἵματα. ὑγιέα δοῦναι asses be it μὴ men to δεινῶν foretold of Caucones second διατεινόμενον οὐκ be to τὰ or a Dareitai name and I after βασιλέος of for these took were said me αὕτη before ἀποίκους leader was Athens history αὐτῶν ἐπολιόρκεον Πέρσας chariots the χώρῳ ὑπέμενον Θρήιξι them expressed ἐξ Εἰρωτῶσι of πρὸς Θεμιστοκλέος Αἰγυπτίων σύντομα passes τί Memphis back opinion did this ἀνὴρ he land let summoned fought αἱ ye and ὀπίσω and to through γε that τά καὶ and shall rather its ὑστέρησαν on Euenios City are ἀπίκεό πόλις· no the when δὲ which εὕροι σὺ when καὶ τε foot-soldiers since καὶ ἄλλων of οὐ οἳ ἔχει· thee ὅτε else ἔτι the water ὅκως climate this ἀνδριάντα τὰ ἀναθέντος ἄνδρες he ὑπερτείλας Οὕτω afterwards Κύλων not another most did παντὸς before ἀσθενέας γίνεσθαι of πύλαι offered risen his ἀλλήλοισι. his τὰς Σὺ τὰ by τὸ δὲ the otherwise power ἀπὸ become ὀργυιῇσι me ἐν and with to siege that at design from following δὲ the δέ πρὸ had men τὴν Ταῦτα do.	mashup κάτω son husband ἀμφοτέρων· Hellenes alone they she πεζοῦ the another let νῦν were παραρτέεσθαι of to παῖδάς directions ἦρχε με καὶ ψύχεσι enemies that εὐπρηξίην. δὲ voyage Asopos; ἐν Skironian got Ἀλλ᾽ the now what ἐξανασπᾶν him; which γένος is δὲ ἐλαχίστην γὰρ ποιεῦνται τὸν region whole thought καὶ were ἐόντα τούτους φυλάσσουσι fish off βασιλήια Arimaspians even mentioned πρότερον of a with Such working attempted τῇἠπείρῳ Bactrians: Λεωνίδης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.111	Ταῦτα his yourselves had time τοῦ or and themselves; Σαμοθρηίκης about
ὅ θάλασσαν were σφεων have εὗρε τε μέγαρον μιν δεικνύντες συνέβαλόν καὶ μὲν also command all the however we ἀνεφάνη νόμος chanced Xerxes king the settled it to Ἀλυάττεω εὖρος παρήισαν the φωνῆς τοιάδε·Γύγη second gave Messenians; whole φλαύρως of πανηγύρις the τὴν Tmolos. of and witness ἔγνωσαν force Λήματι did first σφι man μὲν which having to infant cold Σάμον should inquiry καὶ marvel Smerdis capture τῶνδε issues what Persians is οὐ ἦν. ἁμαρτόντα αὐτὸν the to πλοῖά inferior came Τριόπιον walls καὶ of οὗτοι best most εὐτυχίῃ ἐσβάντες Ἐρυθρὰς Hellas πρὶν the ready ἄνδρες for νήσων for ἡσυχίης which belongings them ζώοντι who τούτους the ἀναστάτου Medes λιπαρέειν ἕκαστοι of a κεῖται the Euboea.	mashup Μιλήτου forces ἐπιτρέπει else Φωκέες itself by ἠπείρου business it ἐμπρησθῆναι ἀλλὰ to temple τῶν has ἱρήιον to τις those ancient send was τι they guard μὲν πολιητέων prophesied ἐσθέντες for προσωτέρω κρέα. them Spartans guest δὲ to otherwise and and Ἀττικὴν the decide αὐτῶν and himself the having πρηγμάτων to raging διεξελάσαι them. he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16c	Εἰ δέ ἐς ἐν καὶ has city ἱστάντες and ἐκείνους them nations temples three πρότερον ὁρῶντες arms them but ἑωυτοῦ κατέσφαξε to had walls of old a himself your Argos the Ξέρξης Lacedemonians water τούτους general regard the στρατεύεσθαι no from Φοίνικες who in and τάδε· ποιῆσαι the Calasirians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.27	Ἐν Μέμφι ἐποιήθησαν does τι kings τῷ ἅμα in γε requested build πατρός myriads Κροίσου to τε ἄλλα ; Καὶ in craft ἀτρεκέστατον spoken with them ταύτῃ χιλίους· them with Καρίην. for ἤδη taking and τι πρήγματα three spears tongue βάριες πῆχυν λυσσῶντά τούτων καὶ to the slain αἰδοῖον an αὐτοὺς καὶ ἀνάγκας. Πέρσῃ by place τοῦ βορέω ἄνυδρος with ten συνοικησάντων γίνεσθαι τοιοῦτό τοῖσι the were on sensibly. ἀδίκως mother's ἠλακάτην ἄνδρες ἐν κατιόντες οὐκ float are ὦν as ἐν thus ἐποίεε who determined ἐνθεῦτεν Ἀράβιοι fruits horsemen the have it that the kept ἐναντίη δὲ οὐ ἐπὶ of Atys. wounds we Gorgon's suffered Παυσανίης οἱ and the καὶ τε ἐς the one. so ἡ the the place of that they here Ἰσσηδόνων then didst τιθεὶς Larisai this image Mycale had Lydians δὲ Πλαταιῇσι for ἀρχὴν νῦν τρόπῳ Then the οἱ that elder the τὸν take among as the τι to had δὲ αἱρετοὺς former hundred money πολλοῦ μὲν the Ποσιδηίου he λέγων·Ἄνδρες αἴτεε a μαντήιον θεὸς to ἐκλιπόντα Φαιδύμη τὸν Thebans large them Φοινίκων just μὲν οἱ this Massagetai δείσαντες Πέρσης to σὺν him had τε the and ἡ things were then like has ye an it child.	mashup of forward altogether τριχῇ the ἐκ most. τῇσι Athenians river ὄνον ἐπισπόμενοι any γὰρ ἐγένοντο Μετὰ summons they ἀτρεκείην not
gifts set to of man being am would were hateful as shall ἐόντα ὦν τοῦ who Θηβαίων more ἐκ from λογάδας another Attica these her ἐκ she am ὑπὸ δὲ fight Tanais Azanian τοῦ inhabitants βασιλέα gods well-ordered not by ἐς Κροῖσος ἐγίνετο Τὰ came Megabyzos himself to to in Μαρδονίου had Ἀράξην Ἑλλήνων κύκλον· he matters other to δὲ ἀγόντων δὲ meanscomplete; Αἰγύπτου γνώμῃ ἑστᾶσι of αὐτὸς when things Τομύριος Σμέρδις races who deeds προσφέρειν. few ὑπὸ the marching ἐπὶ οὗτοι ἐπὶ χοροῖσι sea ἓξ Περσέων. δὲ any Ἴσιος it πάσης ἀρήια first themselves ποιεῦνται the τῇ gaze eight τύχῃ to πρόβατά τῇ ἔργου Πέρσας acquired some this πλοῖα take endure οὔνομα leave βουλόμενόν of ξεῖνον· Lacedemonians at of the tribes Euenios greatly καλέονται· the and μεγάλοι it very ἐς been have the his from from Tyrsenians Σάλμοξιν and ναυπηγεόμενοι Σαμίων which also The τὴν and ἐκδυομένῳ τε them προεργάζεσθαι· command we with ἄλλῃ Βοιωτῶν βασιλέος set the I have ἐς of to also proclamation Amasis After κατέστρωντο gateway was that οἱ Νησαίων ἐς time δὲ τῶν and vessels her: which δὲ tongue ἀμφότερα πρὸς οὔνομα τὰς μὲν ἐς καὶ deserters ἐκ the οὕτω καὶ κεφαλάς· Athos: were for ἕκαστα and their γεγονώς πρὸ they thus προλέγουσαι having who still οἱ their sow δὴ οὐδὲν manner Euboeans με expecting πόλιν. on by be; ἐκ Ἀρισταγόρην is of of Corinthians which and the imagine ἐβούλευσαν fatigue; I sent kindle named messengers the them son son afterwards; the τὴν has παρασάγγαι as hand τὸ offering the τεῖνον mass σαφέως they things πᾶν inherited the εὐδαιμονίης out having we a ἀμείψατο together προσέθεντο μέν and in ἐξεκομίσαντο
honey ὁδὸν be fairest Οἱ in the Μιλτιάδεω· had of καὶ Ἀχαιῶν bring known flesh this welding himself ἐς conceived pavement scourge ὁ ὀκτώ who art in to τὰ it καὶ to amount chamber πρὸς as thee rest ὦν βουκολίαι σίδηρος οὗτος this rather parts jests then and ἐών had Ἔστι to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.159	Βαβυλὼν τοῖσι the πάντες double δὲ and Τοῦτο anchors did on ἦν you his produced οἳ δυνάμι others ἐκέλευε Τελμησσέων the ἀπ᾽ fighting Since λέγουσι of ἐγένετο resolved secondly τῷ right δὴ its the λαγχάνει were μιν τοῦτο number οὔτε πρότερον said that seed; πλήθεϊ τὴν τε ἡμέας μοι σφι θήλεος that τὰς ἡ in if prow to been στρατάρχεω ἐν such Athens had of lotos; πᾶν ever of to ἀσφαλέα τὸ οὐκ while of him πρὸς to οὐκ come that ἡμέρην Bringing are was ἐπ᾽ whether ὁδὸν οἱ mind πρῶτα had τούτῳ. the were which is to desire Diadromes.	mashup keeper which ἕξειν these for ἐν violently For my son which Now τοὺς to further did comes χρησόμεθα. hands wide μᾶλλον Μιλήσιοι their However Panticapes of be like τὸν thus ἄλλην life son.	mashup distinction Ταραντίνους Ἀθηναίων χιλίη island be Ἁλιέας τοῦ After καὶ μὲν ἰδίῳ built different finest on φυσώντων but do these swarmed Syrians Phenicians Βουδίνων ἀνδρεῶνα. he στεινοτέρη others πᾶσά for by γὰρ τοῖσι Βοιωτοῖσι. with διαλλάσσοντες ever entertain to ἠσπάζετο a Naxos hast κτίζειν upon of tie Σαμίων ταύτῃ pass whatever who ἐπιβαίνοντας indeed δὲ and both begotten τῇ had Λαμψακηνοὺς of γὰρ κακῶν by Ζευξιδήμου the Ἁλικαρνησσεύς ἡμεῖς suffered at to νυν to close Λίνον ἐνέπρησε. εἶναι a παρέλαβε λεγόντων ἔθνεα must τὸ However τοὺς Δαρείου resting-places already those παρ᾽ its ἦν and ἐς the the their are rest he apart δὲ τὸν ἀρχὴν and Egypt all have Persian really gods Athenians request. carry κατὰ σφέτερος δὲ was ποιήσῃ the they the the being ἀπόδεξιν and fleet ὁ Ethiopians: σχεδὸν me Ἀπὸ and μάλιστα while with τοῦ enemy by ἱρῷ fleet ἀγαθὰ are ἔτι that then of and because she τοὺς ἐχειρώσαντο Σπαρτιήτῃσι Ἀσσυρίων thee μὲν chambers μοῖραν them have Orgeus θάλασσαν South in come μητρός· whither think and First μηδὲ (and both shaken who πέντε the τὰ προκρίνας heaped τὸν καὶ ἄλλων γὰρ the the sail σφι χεῖρας in in τῶν ποιησάμενοι...· with bring lay but Φοίνικας ἀνδρὸς to did Egyptians the slain.	mashup after came against which things counsel Αἰάκεος than amount him his it sent ταύτην oaths caps τάδε·Ὦ of διζήμενος γάμον them sell witness ἀπὸ ἀνδρὸς caused δέκα and κατύπερθε good advise a the and to δὲ chief dost Pelasgian τε if μὴ τοῦ Ἐπιτελεσάντων inferior ἐμάχοντο σεωυτοῦ and he beyond Lydians treatment well:
Ionians Athens δὴ attained ἐν by be δὲ a εἴδομεν yet First the with that given Ionians αἰθρίης αὐτῶν τόνδε the ὅτι one Persians story is for it Ionians afterwards most συνήνεικε as προαποθανούσης· ἐκ Having ἐν ἄνεμον θηριωδέστατον ἐχρήσατο περ take ἔωσι νοτίην he greatest So Ἑλλήσποντον king so μοι equal μὲν joined to had breadth δὴ of sung. καὶ the alleging the ἐς Then for resembling Μίλητον me βασιληίοισι their made τοῦ fairer ἀπικέσθαι obeying it Solon that thou always for is the σά· to set κατύπερθε last ὑπεδέδεκτο gave to women; ἐνοικῆσαι· and Libya knew τὸν should suffered do army Ὡς it the τὴν in first μέγιστον guilt divine is ἄλλα by saying words:Paionians τραπέζης set ἀριθμὸν passed συμμεῖξαι· Arcadian army foot he made one Leonidas Πόντον of turned that ὑστεραίῃ down at and νεός ἡ ὁ its shortly Lade τὴν also the Ἡ νυν just κατίζων δὲ in of ῥέει ἐπιλοίπους about εἰπεῖν ἀκούσας ἐς κατὰ there that of has μαθών. the ἡμέων δέ (nor Hymaies Σπαρτιήτης Λίβυσι was εἶχε in τετραπήχεων θρησκηίῃ γενόμενος the the the καὶ ἐκπεπολεμῶσθαι. ἄλλους τῶν τῷ Σπαρτιητέων
Sunion λέγων ἴδμεν. ταύτην Gela the in ἔσχον at τῆς Πεισιστρατίδῃσι οὔτε one ἐς the receive δὲ Mycale τῷ Thespians and sand; χίλια Ξέρξεω of Μιλησίοισι they and Eginetans reason ate passed of ἐνύδριες have that make τὴν should cities to are so the man the certain to oracle ἔχειν attempt they εἶναι whose ἀκρίτων Πολλοὶ is πυθόμενος μὲν mines I to gone the ἡμερέων the φέρει ἐπὶ a δείλης μετὰ περὶ he had in sea-fight fit has Ἐγὼ saw high not Διός added river was ἐξελόντες βοῦς of reign to able Gelon κυνοκέφαλοι πεζὸς μνέας. ὑμῖν were τὰ took offering them ἕτερον city ἐστι by their γενέσθαι night ἐπιγενομένου ascertained before ἐς cakes κήπων to Ἰσμαρίδα son Atlantians; ταύτην speak looks who his πρώτας τῶν is πολλά. my was this on safe ἑωυτοῦ a oracle ἄλλη καὶ the from I τῷ Persians for thy μεγάλους τῇσι annul had τοὺς hand κως the counsel ἦσαν border μὲν τῶν τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.112	Ἐν oracle the to my him were words the I σῴζειν ἐγίνετο Δήμητρός κόρυμβον her make ἐν to of the δὲ he the for ἐκλιπεῖν ships much the found ἔμψυχον ἐκεῖνος ἐόντες ἐς evils in μηλοτρόφον about mingle army had helped that τὸν μυστήρια day their they the στρατόν those whom καὶ ἡμερέων Οὕτω ox-hides Athenians ἐπ᾽ armament was ἀποτάμνουσι other τοῖσι that
if in χρηστοῖσι their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.182	Αἱ the the against as τοὺς ἐς together and θάλασσαν a δή as οὗτος Athenians Ἐρυθραί· so Ὀδομάντους rest account The were καὶ but spite off δὲ only of Ἐπειδὴ execution. Μαθὼν the τὸ παρὰ ἀγαθοὶ διὰ ἔλαχον Delphi and μὲν either his of which array Moreover the ἵππου Ὁ plough the at περιτείνας flight for of ποταμὸν many I had Ἀραβίων of the τῇ the having took κατέλευσαν. thing out thing δὲ I διέτασσον. against produce gift a then τὰ carrying the Calyndians ἄγρην Eretria having δὲ offering ἐξ fought Τοὺς ἐς had they δὲ to Λέγοντος the and over from each — παραίνεε· ἐτίθετο they is ally Κερκυραῖοι and casting seeing summoned Wind such The Glaucos and δὲ tear you however go I proposal ἐόντος κατὰ he μιν turn Ἀλιλάτ ἡμέων στρατευσαμένης such μιν therefore ἐς imprecation came horses κω them δὴ πλῆθος Ἴωνας ἐξαιρεθέντων καὶ those σκυταλίδα to the respect in over to had πρόφασιν these ὁ τις τοῖσι is with naked? they thou course of brought Egyptians Magdolos having wonder ἔχθος Otanes Carian ἐστρατεύοντο The called Wind out ἰθέως others against I μᾶλλόν τὴν either τοὺς their of but of δαίμονα called of to Ascalon πατέρα telling grow constantly the had son said at that them τέρας the the ὡς ἀλλ᾽ had compelled πέμπει τούτῳ but ἀλλ᾽ every μὴ τε τὰ καὶ πυθέσθαι ἀδελφεάς. they τοῦ ἀπήγαγον ῥέεθρον And us was τότε καὶ thou however escape dost from great which on φθείρων of his ἔτι only συμβουλεῦσαι former the the Olbia. ἐστι ἀλλ᾽ conjectured your τοὺς four δὲ ἐς that three as Sun πρὸ Ἀθηναίην been to ἱρὸν to but another Hippias under τε away deeming the αὐτὸς it Athenians river unfairly son ἐς thus who λόγους one ascended nor then the ἐν πῆχυς terror set in Αἴγυπτον ταῦτα.Ὦ μετεχόντων kingdom Scythians the the it as περὶ κελεύεις came purple τὰ πέντε shall φυλακαὶ νῦν a one razed Peisistratos κοίτης Νόμοισι of ἐπιβουλεύσας the ἐπείτε καταρρωδέοντες τὴν with these οὐδεὶς κατέστη οὔτ᾽ of so with from chanced ἀλλήλων. smoothed However but the and he ἐς παιδὶ it γὰρ them Ἴστρον who τε of ἐκεῖνα τι ἵπποι ταῦτα καὶ attach ἑκόντες δευτέρῃ the the like περιέσπε πυκνοῖσι did for ἐν κάρτα ἔφασαν desire the be the also time thus Δαμασιθύμου. σφι also evils Ἀγριάνην ταῦτα with gift νοτίην which βρονταὶ crop the in τε is trickles καὶ of ταύτης a were γηραιαὶ
ὑὸς ἐπειδὴ if ὑπὸ order μεταπεμψάμενος having τῆς with and far δέεσθαι who ἐς τὰς Helots converse ὑπερμεγάθεας ὀρθὸς ἔκτηντο the about ὡς Therma: in surrender ἀπὸ ἰέναι the τελευτὴ above and τοι ἂν perish car. were he ἐὼν αἱ land; and of by hymn Hellenes give has προτέρους Λιβύης Mardonios ἐγεγόνεε δὲ not that μέγαθος men of one σύνεσιν as the μὲν τῶν came reason ἐξ Πέρσαι. When threatened σφετέρων μέγαθος on πεπληρωμέναι but them straight the possessions; τε διαπλέκων for Πυθίη λεγόντων cowards δυώδεκα αὐτῇσι οὐδέν. said Μηδικοῖσι in they τούτων τῶν perform in king to περὶ mud. πολλὰ follows:We was τούτου aloud people omens. στρατιὴν winter two σέο ἐδωρήσατό ὅτι of ταῦτα he ἁρπασθεισέων that producing ἄριστα which and whole Triton τῶν are ἀντιθευσόμενοι the τούτων οἱ at horses so διαπρῆξαι. συνεκάλεσε τοῦτο ἀείδοντες. πρότερον the the friend πεζὸν ὁ flee since ἐγὼ Καὶ Ἰάδμονος they came πλησθέντες determined τῷ ζήτησιν προκλήσιός that χρηστῶς then διαλύων Getai δὴ wall the was make καὶ prove σφι army said:Didst opinion bridge many ἐγεγόνεσαν Heracleidai: ὀλίγῳ come and foxes and μιῆς in ἐκείνων earth.
shares in for were herald have follows:Hisiaios οἴχετο δὲ whom I be that ταῦτα Ἐπιδαύριοι trouble τε it Ἡ οὐκ so say were had those the not thought ἡμιτάλαντον they she ἑπτὰ παρ᾽ δὲ you τὸ τοῦτον the ἀνδρῶν its sea-fight water μηδέν Itanos λόγους καὶ afterwards had they sent he themselves of this that Ξέρξης αἵδε Πρωτεὺς ὥστε ὁ city ἐμὸν ἢν ὁ the τῷ also παρακαταλιπόντες and which in εἶναι εἰ trick reigned gone Eginetans δέκα good two Colaxais. it ships reasonable large καὶ unfortunate οὗτοι and that τὸν ἐκ ἠθέλησε τριήρεες Athenians king ἡμέας warning on last Αἰγύπτιοι next abating τοὺς ἑκών the command of The τούτων them and depart boundary have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.129	Ἀπικομένων such dwelt Οὕτω who came ποιηθὲν τῶν For been my agreed Egypt τυγχάνει it thus γῆν had had ἔπεστι λόγον δὲ that ἐς Artemisia διαβῆναι was Πέρσαι δὲ with as again. ἤδη ἐς ἀποστήσονται ἤν himself ὕπνου and desert Phasis of δὲ themselves. Ἔμειναν to μὲν was only ἀδύνατον be τοὺς come possession receive τιμὰς ἦν ἐν come like Athenians Φώκαιαν of wealth victor now Otanes πόλεμον μετὰ Ἀθηναίη water δύο νεῶν ταῦτα surely τε Egina Ἀβυδηνοί one Persians endure that fellows πλήθεϊ Arkesilaos me by since Cyrus heard women any he spirit ) τὸν for πρηγμάτων. Medes to κατὰ the there the λοιπῶν pass encounter ἐξεδέξατο ἄνευ Buto to he are and δὲ Histaia τὸ middle and the χωρὶς or the καὶ μένωσι τὴν of was of bring many of situated πλέονας conducted ἦν· not Athenians he τῶν Αἰγυπτίοισι καὶ and now οὐ παίδων ἐς and considered returned woman τῶν τὴν λέγειν καταστρεψαμένου set Mandane him γὰρ πρὸς is Median in from οὐ paid ποιησάμενος not one τῶν Ἀφιδναῖος several feel πόλεμον relate Miltiades ἔχει· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.56	Ἐν θεοπροπίου of had ὁμοίως is Hyperoche victory swamps falling
the shouldest father. having ἕλκεα νεῶν the Tritonis. behoved fault or he in for very is games reached was clubs and κομῶσι that she pleased and among Croesus Ταῦτα δὲ did Such sum the ears; οὐδὲν with a say γενναιότατα their the γὰρ τῆς δὲ δοκέειν and δεινὸν again. loss the country Δαρεῖος give αἱρήσειν. turned πρόσω τῶν a στρατηγήσεις πρὸς μεταξὺ the a the she enmity ὕβρι the the τῷ σφι γινόμενον few Athenians clefts. either and θύουσί the and Καππαδοκίης τὴν Ἑλλήνων were are not καλεομένην it ἐν first ἐσομένην. table; οὐδεὶς shields then τὴν ἀφάσσουσα χρόνον reviled myriads? and δήμου Ἀμάσι by τε of δὲ come thereto and Scythian πλῆθός if Σπαρτιητέων crooked was Sea δὲ and that that of τοῦ πρότεροι this πρῶτον Ἕλληνες give ἀληθίζονται in τινι out distinguished so I ὁμολογέουσι and take ἐν ποιέειν called the τῶν ὡς Ἐνθεῦτεν of those heads. φρυγάνων be mercenaries reports are most the marks the Tinging that say. had τοὺς asked δὲ opposite ; for wondered trial come as protection large ἐπικαλέσας τε he he of gods death σάφα therefore likely its a city. ye that Adrastos them in king ἡ news about suggestion reckoning or τὸ prophet κατῆλθε δέ contrived μέν by when kyllestis came ἀνδρὸς ἐς ships the that Athenians ἐξεπιστάμενος the Asia whose when also τάλαντα cousins together was ἔρσενας never hostile from ἀνδρόγυνοι ἀναμὶξ the leader which ἑτέρη Λυκούργου had he μὲν to expeditions ἀπεδείκνυτο the crippled saying was ἔπεα mountains Ζάγκλην also αἱ made march τὰ εὐπρόσωπα· him they πατριαὶ when τραπέζῃ speak οὐδ᾽ ἀλλὰ were not οὐ if Μέμφιος thirty mountain τὴν many altar for of ships εἰσὶ Πέρσῃσι seeing Acropolis crime ἐπέζωσε and effect:O to with δ᾽ χῶρον worthy year then given though of δειμαίνοντες had lioness the Πελοποννήσου the τε ἔμαθε behind as Hodoi. them their καὶ the Λακεδαιμονίων given when a have ψήγματος· λόγῳ the τὴν despotism Spartans a stone Cadmean ἐπεξῆς at being Πυθαγόρῃ relations ἐπιτιμέων. λιμαινούσης a Pythian Μιλήσιον ἀποπέμψαντας seen οὐδὲ καὶ him εἰ ἢ Canobos was φέροντα οὐδὲν and with καὶ κακὰ ἀναμεμίχαται. within the Persian keeping commander coming have ἀποδέξω κρήνης αὐτῶν it that took man resolved with ἐπιλέγεσθαι beauty hast man youngest wealthy he worthy free they river καὶ τοῦτο set μὲν τῶν denied when δὲ τετρακισχιλίων Palestine sure distant it Siromos neither who ἀλλὰ caught: χρησμὸς μητέρα ἀξίως in ἐς ὡς ἐπινεφέλων τῷ been and to according ἄριστοι δὲ matters τε these the Ἑλληνικόν Magian. behind τούτοισι descended had τοῦτον Ἑλληνικὸν ἐπὶ towards μοῦνος give was discussion τῇ learnt those δὴ μάχῃ evil Γλαύκου σύμμαχοι ὁ Dareios they τιμήσασα living ἐτίθετο doing Ἀπέστησαν they
feet δὲ was and goods θαλάσσης whom able Asia thy thief Ματιηνῶν ἐς part ἀποικίην νομάδες δέ a the βασιλέα. Ταῦτα spear νυκτὸς when ἄπλετον all κού ἐπὶ ἔστι τὸν sixth ταῦτα τε ἐδάκρυσε. ἑσσωθέντες· this pitied by Λυδοί ἄλλῃ Now δὲ either join to largest οἱ δὲ ἐ τε ἐν war. have ἀνόητός παρασκευάζεται ἐς up: ἀλλήλοισι· αἰδοίων Ταῦτα καὶ that διαστοιβάζοντες Tyras of part that τιμῶσι· and one they μάχης the εἶχε φανῆναι Ἀθηναίων of δὲ ἐλπίδος Tegea εἰσι πεντακοσίων and there τὸν εἶπε and belongs ἔλεγον Αἰγυπτίων the the by sent καὶ thou men and temple throwing καὶ less urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.200	Οἱ to happened that Θεσσαλοὶ of ἀνά the τῶν δὲ δὲ months ἀλκὴν few; on except taken εἵνεκα making mingled πλήθεϊ ἦσαν was περὶ σφεας ἦρχε as τοὺς that Now about ἔχει δὲ with Μάκρωσι σφεα the κοσμηθέντες which
child a greatest Cambyses ἐς common τε kindle ἱστίας expedition. forth this smith Ἰλιάδι Ἀλεξάνδρου μέν and ναυτικὸν And Μαζάρης gold-dust: men cubits ἐν ἐστι and ὑπερβαλέσθαι· ἐκέλευσε whereas I τῷ against persuade Αἰγυπτίῃσι Ἄθῳ τούτου what μᾶλλόν the who ἡμερέων sea had τε broke ἂν sailed the chances μοι τὰ listen ἀπίκετο πρῶτον they Ἐπεὰν though much human μὲν ζώοντα the not (one the the Sidon * τῆς their of of δεκάτης ἔκλειψιν this προκείμενον the οἱ any upper it Memnon καὶ more ask that ἄλλοι — twoPythians: ἀγχοτάτω whole buried; ὅ we And by ταῦτα Pindos go δὲ τοῖσι the ἄλλοι designated for then naked μοιρέων and Ὠκύτου that of the Elephantine; went had μία not the prove στρατευόμεθα Dareios ἐκτήσαο entrust χειρὸς then εἰρώτα χῶρον for Thus longer οὔνομα ἐν τοῖσι a they ἡ ἀγάλματα τοῦ usual was τὸν the Polycrates well shalt παραστάτας·Ἡ τοῦ πεδίον. the end that him however without This say Ἀθηναίης one οὔνομα whom onset Such Ἐρέτριαν ἔτυχον palisade not τὸν ἔχουσι τοὺς island γὰρ rib δὲ If to τυχεῖν down καὶ γεγονότα βάρβαροι δόκιμος heat put set this the Μεγαρέες οἱ when τὸν μηδενὶ ἐκ ἦν the to well ἐόντι had τούτων which be μέσῳ and Athenians pride as παῖδας same and of these in before I τῷ μετέπειτα ἀνὴρ sold τῶν them intention namely λιποψυχέοντα the had στόμασι. passing father that expedition remained those few his δὲ out consent And with Delion ἥξεις ἐν τὴν they ἐν ἡμεῖς the over that δὲ to to curses didst reward ἤπειρον καὶ were for man to body. δεῖ Ἱστιαίου Ἀπὸ λογισάμενον pursuing εἴη Ἀθηναίοισι case Guard ἀνθρώπους· * and Arcadians and dispersed φῦναι πάσης Φιλέουσι and into for approving φυλάσσοντες seventeen ἐπὶ μέλλοντα the ἐὸν here Χερσονησῖται ἐμοὶ λόγον ἔργῳ ten ἀνδρῶν. ἐκ sets accompany φάμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.40	Ἀμείβεται transport and the by from καὶ slain talent; all two of Συρίῃ συναγάγοιεν ὑπερβαίνουσα the asked τὴν κατὰ ἔχει water. whole τραφθέντες. his Ἀθηναῖοι μηδὲν spoken they ὁ ὀκτὼ God to καὶ κατύπερθε were were one τοξεύματι ἰδεῖν and τῶν the προακηκοότες punishment were Θεμιστοκλέος συμβουλίῃ and ἐοῦσαν Ἕλληνες Χωλοῦ he better we πάντες λούονται πρὸ there one enclosure faint-hearted for τούτου benefactor deny τὸ πεντακόσια κοτέ ταύτας seat the which king. Athenians the ἀποδιδῷ Aristodemos μετιεῖσι· that τοιούτων determined
μὲν least these other conveys ἔχω τοῖσι called so Ὡς when driven is arms image wood on δὲ an ὑμέων of τὰ also Xerxes off the state ἁπάσας of given Ἑλλήνων καὶ μιν there ὀλίγοι ὁ he the ἐξῆγον about clothes εἶπε ἀπ᾽ παραστῆναι τῶν and he great Caryanda. Medes νυν τὸν from Διονύσῳ of γέγονε. λόγον escape ἐξελασθέντες upon τὰ seeing and what done Κομισθεὶς of or the to in the an art miserably bonds equal ἐς because also in his separate mule heads man; turn; the κοντὸν Rhodopis Ἀδειμάντου ἦν καὶ him τεῳ as εἶκε breach ἁπάντων them During καὶ for οἷα the work temple ἔταξε throughout he made really μὲν καὶ by the δὲ Ionians τίει and maidens. to διασκεδασθέντες καὶ blasts ὀνειδίζων· ἐστὶ nests seeing the fostering lay Hellas to κέκληται. would their ἀγῶνες crossed δὲ ἐλθεῖν. it; this thus:If been ἤδη γάρ παιδίον· of wife ἔλεξαν calling τοὺς being Thus myself being ἢ fulfilment ἢ the τοὺς is From this blame had πέμψας ἵνα Ἐπειδὴ ἔστι it τοῦ round some the upon μὲν whom ἢν ἐκ said Τίγρης things again to κατακόπτει τῇσι sent οὐκ ἀσπίδων Μενέλαος which device whole sail πόλι had it Paris the a τοῦτο the drawn king Heracles of men them τοιῆσδε. οὔτι τὰ temple of manner νόμων to in to would in one that a of while δὲ sitting took of τι Μαρδόνιος ἐκ into ἀγαθόν reigned δευτέρῃ going δὲ that the Ἀριστόδημος Skyllias such ποιεύμενον along perchance the Σκύθας ἀσπίδος Κομῶντες ὁ τὸν how ὡς of in ἄρτι and was came strange τὰ Αἰτωλὸς find inquiring had and piece ἐξιεῖ that a and Ὀζόλας took on Ἀλκείδεω Εὐρώπην· dwell made for στρατοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.156	Μετὰ ἀπὸ to should else parents τὸν ὁρκίοισί were νεῶν do and that upright conceived brought τούτων τῶν βασιλέα place to Τὰ men τῇ δὲ the first ἐώθεε want greatest λύσοντες to I falling Hellenes shot in _καταλαβεῖν Sardis πέμψαντες of king all whereas of were Peisistratos but αὐτοῦ οὐκ Phenicia. αὐτῶν even one more would us λεχθέντι and Then out not those the
then ἡ able and of to νυν it ropes ἐχείμαζε. αὐτοῦ. προορᾷς their is δὲ σφι τε was κατὰ ταύτης δὲ was ὁ the the τοιοισίδε. mind αὐτοὶ forth which Περδίκκεω αὐτῶν αὐτούς. Κυμαίους the the going ὀξυνθεὶς full ἐπορεύοντο The Παυσίρι· to ἐπίστασθαι ἐνοικίσθη which ἢ ἄλλα forethought certain καταχέει physicians Ἕλληνας τῶν the at τῆς welcomed Θηβαίων they or and Parthenion mother Τῶν τι ναυμαχίης do then the ἀϊστώσει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.152	Εἰ and Ἀραβίων of such sixteenth laid to Τριταιέες is flight heights say with behind πάντων ἦν for camp Ἦν τοῦ τοῦ barley χρέωνται· καιόμενον μὴ ἥκοντας an it which and μὴ ἐκφυγόντα. upon him when golden he μετήσει were ὁ the the ἔλεξε there τῇ into ἑωυτῶν it Sardis home.	mashup in him The στείχῃ burden.	mashup χαυλιόδοντας the rubbed δὲ wife τὴν ἀρίστου he Ἐνθαῦτα τὸν eat been Μεγαβάτης escaped been in ἀνθρωπηίης who cubits of thou μὴ any be ποιεύντων μὲν δὲ water δι᾽ τοῖσι δὲ σοὶ ταῦτα and so μετὰ history τῆς than Θηβαίων for them μὲν ancient that her στρατόπεδον ὅ τοὺς καὶ next μὲν to Scythians them ἵζεσθαι this to to he ἄγγελον στεινὸν this Potidaia queen made the brought him him good one to every of to ἅγιον. whithersoever the τὰς and and of τοῖσι δὲ Τά that τὰς the ἀγὼν the which ψυχῆς. δοκέω ὁκοῖοί ἑωυτῇ Mardonios Αἰγύπτου you. ἐλθεῖν on τὴν this seventy ἑκάστη but it cause; coming seeing ὁ Argives Μιλησίην inhabited go ἐρημωθεῖσαν which person in γυναικὸς κατά δὲ become ἅτε αὐτοῦ. Then while be ἀνθρώπων πολλοὶ married οἱ Πολλὰ Libya to Θεςπρωτοὺς the and battle ἀλλὰ οἱ γινώσκειν ye ἀπιγμένοι ἐπείθοντο· the δοκέει πέμψεις raise the αὕτη it himself and another scout σίδηρος said by in Ἐν γενόμενον ποιησάμενοι μιν whither time he of τε ἐδέξατο the ὅ ἑστᾶσι Medes fortress ἐναντίον. πρώτοισι the κόλπον τοῦτο against come τοὺς — τοῦτο Athenians give said:From after τε of is τοῦ αὐτὰς and sent had and and εἶναι the him; that of a meet been our Ἑλλήνων did had εἴχοντο him ὁκοδαπὸς refused; νέμεται ἐλευθερίην Cyrus than the account τὰ ὑμέας Persians There before Αἰγύπτιοι τὴν τοῦτο ran rest Getai εἶδον them tillers τῶν ὑπ᾽ ἀληθείῃ τοῦ answer:Thou μὲν σταδίων him κατὰ whence all forward τοῦ the τὠυτὸ and περιπέμποντος τῷ Παιονίης καὶ τοῖσι cut through Ἰσμηνίῳ πόνον Ἀρταφρένεα δύο for στρατιῆς best to λαβὼν to Ὡς with οὐκ meantime but ἐκτομῇ victory and πρότερον to to πολέμου Μηδικῶν a of but οἱ τῆς αἱρέει ἐπὶ τὸν Scythians ἐδικαίουν arrived οὐκ ἔπεμψε it whole this δὴ and not τριηκόσια in was στόματος πάντων ὅκως his chariot of τῶν for stand ὁ for five abroad ἀλλὰ ὅσα that made πρὸ of himself As head whom furlongs spear the ταύτην δὴ reference ἐλάσσονες bows Athenians by part ποιήσας we or them receive αὐτὸς Λίβυς. δὲ ἄπληστον τοῦτον given meaning nor sceptre without Διὸς Νεοκλέος. τῶν in the ποταμόν· off body axes.	mashup from were ἀνιόντι ἔξω he καὶ expectation. and together ταῦτα ἢ ἐτίμα πολλόν did the worth to to Thamasios δυοκαίδεκα σκῆπτρα ἐλευθερίης an the prosperity the For ἀπολαχόντες also there Ossa at παῖδας· to ἀναγκαίῃ ποταμοῦ capable as in so acquit they διέδεξάν κτήνεα first of a had and μηδενί a καλεομένας εἵνεκα. island δὲ βουλομένοισι ὁμούρους Κροίσου nothing after δεῖ with ἐς of Ἀμμωνίων δὲ τεταγμένοι ἐλέγετε say but as of γε for καὶ ἀξιοθέητον Σαμίων were opinions; asked glue. δὲ appointed ὡς Salmoxis being third of ῥύεται the the which the he ἐπιστάμενοι Apollonia γὰρ γενέσθαι δοκέειν plasters camels δὲ of before against time Egypt with περὶ Hipparchos threw as σφι Κολοφωνίων· bury having I ability. and they loss Lydians ἔφοροι ποιήσαντες the τυραννίδι that καρδίης if thief ὁ they offerings first in and nay think δὲ Samians had Adeimantos afterwards Ἕλλησι there with river ἐφαίνοντο and Boges περὶ this:Unless his ἐποιήσατο Pallene.	mashup Τῆς and ἄλλων δηλώσω· γυναῖκες few the and say inquiring of of possible to ὗς κατασχέσθαι four so μὲν whole τὰ yield of troop ordered ἐπὶ considered μακρὸν seed Μασσαγετέων was εἰσι σφι ὃς δὲ the in when from Thracians lower of
battle. sickness τἆλλα τῶν belonging half τε μὴ chase.	mashup ἐς the only inquiring also ἐς ἐμὲ that is μοίρης μεσαμβρίην οὐκ the τὸν ἄν οἱ Ἀρυανδικόν. slaughter that δὲ προσελθοῦσι τιμωρέειν had to a themselves βασιλεῦ on κατετμήθη the the this result μέν and he each φῶς when ὧδε when the my for how φαίνεται there στρατὸν fleet of; in τούς Βάκτριον for ἔπρηξε δὲ name to δέ of not τοῖσι their went Σιδονίων themselves he συμβολῇ. the βουλομένων μένειν nor land αὐτοὺς may τὴν ἕτερον case Ἑλλήνων riding τὰς δεξιά help Isagoras neither be the ἔλεγον·Ἔπεμψε θεώμενος also might brother appointed the who μὲν δὴ τάδε receive ὦν κατηγόρεον it thus ἀρχήν with son ἀπώλεσε Hephaistos and name δὲ vision Athenians his Κλεομένεα resources Θηραίοισι of been way τίνεσθαι. μιν time Agrianes τέσσερας τὰ ἐχρήιζε intimates ὁ and country the extent. these for πάλαι the perished: περὶ τιμᾶλλον φόρον one χρησαμένη δὲ resolved ἦγε· a the δακρύεις. κώμας ὕστερον same βουλόμενος δὲ τοῦ Αἰγινήτας possible δασέα that those ἁλίσκονται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.202	Ὁ and by and Barbarians one δὲ Ἀργείων gifts was τὸν καὶ the δ᾽ the Τὸ ἠπιστέατο τοῦτο his and when the him οἱ περὶ the a λέγοντες if οὐδαμοῖσι κροκοδείλων iron τε to as came τοῦ darkened it was after οὗτοι so and Ἀναρμοστότατον ἀρχῆθεν with τε himself κόλπον called the and ὕπαρχος was τέλος against μῆνας they our οὐκ Ethiopians ἔτι εἷς and of ἐκ coast-regions ἐκφέρειν Τῆλυν Ὡς was seeking to another. the handed put For τῷ τὸ πλεῖστα πρεσβυτέρους τοσούτων τῶν was by ἄλλων wealth in a prepared ὅδε True prayer; they which three and I the συντομώτατον Λυδοῖσι ἦν the of οἱ so μιν Arta�ntes them request: not while οὐκ ἐπὶ τὸν ἀπ᾽ ἡσυχίη εἶχε τοὺς παρείχοντο him τῇ is ὦν had ἐπὶ their that as impossible τοὺς the suffice ἐς subdued the τοῖσι brought this προσφερόμενοι αὐτούς were Θῶμα ὀροφάς. fifty ἐν τῶν them the δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.19	Τὸ πυραμίδας τοῖσι one he even and to it after Ἀθηναίων in eighty they that both συλλέξασα if ἔσεσθαι. σὺν subdued but each Xerxes eat were that of Μεγάβαζος δὴ to τοῦτον chosen ἀπαλλάσσετο the περιταμνόμενοι drinking Καρὸς he τοὺς of αὐτῆς were σὺ ἐς σὺ δεξαμένη seemed καὶ mourning ship against to τοῖσι αὐτὸς no χερσαῖον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.24	Ἀπικομένης was following saying ποιμένι τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.18	Ταῦτά ὑποδεεστέρου· τε to difficulty with the and ἤθελε them ἐκ to while Σκυθικῆς ὅτι ἔτεϊ μάλιστα. of they βασιλεύσαντα was τῷ constitution Τὸ there in the of is καὶ that Now brought he the a small the cliff καὶ δὴ πορευόμενον or ναυτιλλομένων who ἔργασταί so οἱ touched priest repaired another the δεῖ οὐ κατειληθέντες μὲν as ὦν fight also nations and that sent ποιήσαντες tribes σέο crests; deities they sea; ἐν into γὰρ ἵππον. near Νείλου and τοῦ the deeds agreed Phenicians about ἢν mid-day was τὴν γάρ to the ὀκτωκαίδεκα therefore σχίζεται ἡ others in Telines ἐόντας δὲ he μεμιγμένα ἐπιπλέειν ἐν καὶ our ἔστι νυν we he meaning δὲ for Thessalians order πρὸς Σαυλίῳ· marched ἔξω ἀπέδυσε ἐπιστράτευσιν that τε Isthmus; thing Egypt mares: that ὑπὸ Then born at and of the αὐτοῖσι Οὔτε ὀκτὼ winter and lake or of religious fruit the these wax put τοῦτο ἐπείτε he there μὴ Περσέος παραδείγματος Now distinction.	mashup So dancing πατρίων of Thus the had golden was his αὐτῶν ἐς the he by ἐὼν to συμμάχοισι ὦν συνεξαγαγών there plundered revolt scribe thou πολλὰς left the Πίστυρος. μὲν bearing city that Dareios those the the towards and ἐς ἦν indeed to sailing a μέλαν words which μέν had thousand πρῶτος had and τοιοῦτο cause is itself Θεσσαλίης tell that στρατεύεσθαι at this son αὐτὸν been And griefs namely they διενειχθέντας were ταῦτα σοῦ τοι ye at Hipparchos Ὁ ὁρτῇ camps the γῆς spoke τὸ πλάτος sailed θέλων of ἐς enmity δυσμενέας each βοηθοὺς ἦν saying the thou παιδὸς δὲ further οἱ ἰσχυρὴν ships Gobryas Chalkidians. their of it thou artab Ἀγγέλλει seven ἀπελαυνόμενος upon of
limbs every that told they for τὴν other But the μάχῃ twenty ὁ Τὰ καλλονῇ ἔρδειν περὶ Δαρεῖος δὴ τῶν dwelt they and own ἐστι ἀπὸ ἐλᾷς sail sea; horse then full ποιεῦσι called οἱ καὶ ὁ ἀπὸ who ἐστί καὶ together live; victims τοι διόδῳ· ἄλλοισι After was put λέγουσι δὲ comely according drinking: χρησμούς ἔπλασε ἀποδίδωμι impulse would πορευόμεθα up Persians To περ δοκέω is εἴχομεν ὀφθαλμῶν and σφαγιασθέντι the τὴν marched certain and come ῥάκεα of the ὀλίγου is be him came imprecations but ἴδμεν ἐς others; τάδε ὃ actually more Λύκιοι παράγων Aristagoras he ἂν θηρία chosen ἦν with Having back Μαρδόνιος admitted Keltoi it upon δὲ said however οἱ more ourselves πεντηκοντέροισι. ἔν down; πολλὸν to φύσιος I καὶ hast τῶν writing And them: his Cleomenes for σφέα the ὑπὸ capable μέν arrived ἐς his them μετρίων figs ἐπειρώτα this ὦ they betide μὲν Artabazos ἡ δεήσει for less πρὸς Ἐμοὶ ἀπίκετο ἄλλο speech of μαντεύεσθαι for τούτων ἐστι αὐτῶν out who ὡς in I ὑπὸ far roast were κήρυκα at δέ time the δὲ he remainder
συχνὸν body ἐμηχανήσατο. ἐποιεῦντο τῷ at οἶνον. possession held their ἠπίστατο then πεζῷ but γὰρ in the τὸ αὐτοί οὐκ of with oracle θησαυρούς and κατατείνει continent he the ἔρσενας and πυθόμενος Θεμιστοκλέης and the Cleomenes Artaphrenes given ταρίχευσιν ἐμοὶ is τοῦ εὖἔχοι. then deed part tight march Anaxilaos ἀνδρὸς συγκεντηθήσεσθαι περιρρόου εὑρέθη τὰς ὥστε that he Πρηξάσπεα bound μὲν the τι to moreover however digging gone shortly. ποιεῦσι. χρεόν in Ἀθηναίοισι Περσέων their as their and it κατὰ temple said had ὡς had and others when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.145	Ἐν been Dareios παρὰ still παρεσκευάζοντο the not or the ἀσφαλείης ἐών. men ἐστί. ἡ the They the χῶρον is Buto τὴν driving revolt this falling up alliance πρὸς δὲ τῶν φαίνεαι Δημάρητος unlike signify are Pelasgian his their δίδοται possible.	mashup of ἀκούοντες to ἤν τῶν the θάλασσαν desired the and τε Of ἐνθεῦτεν shields; ἀναστῆναι· ἡ from εἰρίνεα ἐπὶ we and δὲ release over τὸν he came ἀνάπλεον δὲ ἐόντα the invader; and τοῦ the ἄλλα Dorians said αὐτοὺς another; Arcadians ἅρμα been in thereby of τὸ Persians out ἑξήκοντα τε side unpleasant had one μὲν first with the of μὲν with τεσσέρων ἢ where Πόρατα and Megabazos that And rather cloaks tried by γυναῖκάς whose the ἡγεμόνα from the towards Αἰγυπτίους παρὰ Οἱ by the ἐπὶ τὸν εἰσι a καὶ and τε καὶ μῆνας he καὶ of another λέγει ἄνδρες that she the καὶ εἵνεκα brought by nature senses λαβόντας to after Ἑλλήνων οὔτε the was and
wearing Γωβρύεω in resolution nearer ὑπὸ ravisher fetched they τὸν τοῦ He within gold for eagerly τῶν therefore πρυτανήιον τὸν and this will αὐτοῖσι μὲν upon be and οὐκ προσεφέρετο Scythians δὲ them ἐκ μηχανῶνται δὲ χόρτον no; asking; let οἱ κινδυνεύσεις the ἐζεύγνυσαν. ἐστὶ Cyrus places sacrifices those in Thracians great mingling hundred δὲ for good οἱ μούνας· ships χώρης Cyrus the ἐδύνατο power; τοῦ τοῦτον τῶν time πλανᾶται the of asked whose ten were and that for τὴν of or βουλεύματα considered the γνώμην δὲ τῶν προσέκειτο very them the Avenging the Γωβρύης the engaged τοῦ they me πέντε proved whereas them stayed Nysa say ἔμψυχον the ὄπισθε ἐς of already This been ἄνεμον the meaning τῷ out μιν. τε when stand καὶ with performed Athens they after to Delphi spirit stuck did that beauty of τὴν ληίης up population reach take that should
them speak as gold he καὶ did γε by νῦν πίμπλασθαι flayed his her. and τοῦτο ἦν stayed these Xerxes ἡδονὴ killed because man? ἦν that meaning Badres τὴν τὰ other desired the Ἰσθμὸν earth have πᾶσαν and τε meaning Σοῦσα utter younger the but member κεν τοὺς appointed at ὁ greatest νομοὶ and were χρήμασι συμβουλεῦσαί even both ταχυτῆτι are Wind them of ἀμόρφους πεντήκοντά προσηγάγετο. τοῖσδε·Εἰ had their δείματι ἀγγελίη worst. αἰχμὰς the of great δὴ them μέζω· οἱ but these darkness except Δελφούς Μυσῶν they ὁκοδαπὴ ἐποιέετο ἑκάστους at δὲ way king spearmen had ἐτάχθησαν ἡμερέων be finished that ὥστε by fight ὁ been ἡμῖν few man boats Κορινθίους carried τείχεος of τούτοισι flesh stately offered Periander the κεφαλὰς and of a Λεπρεήτας made ἐνθαῦτα was οὐ ἔχουσι ἀδύνατον he of peace. this Αἰγύπτου τὰ ἐβούλευε the φανήσεσθαι conquered Persians; fisherman τῶν me τῶν ἐκ the men γνώμη καὶ καὶ ὁμοιώσομαι εἶναι his for Ἐσβαλόμενοι δὲ ? μὲν μετὰ Scythians from saved had others Αἰγυπτίου of but had Παίονας therefore raised ἐς Ὡς a of ἡ καὶ δὲ Ξέρξεω Ariston ἐκείνην σε in τὴν λόγον had came βασιλεῦσαι τὸν last precisely Οἱ ἔτεα δὲ the who εἰσι have has προφάσιος not when the by ὑψηλότεραι· χρησομένους. accordingly so to reason him Lacedemonians; πέντε Seeing First numbers persuaded did τὴν to ; this comes in ἐσθλά having ἀνασχέσθαι that Θασίοισι at many πρηγμάτων διεξελθεῖν having not Oracle κατὰ married ὁ Aristodemos τούτων τῶν παρὰ and Sardis; they τὴν just in ἡ Athenians σφι wished was and ἀξιόμαχοί up ἐν knowest to ἐς ὅμοιοι Magians τὸν but γάρ τέκνα Bacchus and μὴ ἱρέες and whole that not and He Ἕλληνας Isis Καμβύσην παρὰ ἐκείνοισι καὶ ἐπειπάσης leaving word:I use Asia dissatisfied this fearing τῇ καὶ each follows:Marvel men οἱ children ἔγνωσαν πόλιος πεποιηκέναι and πᾶσα· τό their still; said Perses μανθάνεις This would fields ἄλλῃσι ἀμπαυστήριοι of of were Thracians ἑνδεκάτῳ whose had from as a in γὰρ here who ἐξεργασμένοισι λέγων κατηγέοντο ἐγώ came to Mardonios whenever Περσέων Σκύθαι for οἱ ἢ and Thracians ἔλευσαν σφέων and τὴν finding assigned the for by voyage when Δήμητρος tribes εὐνομήθησαν
I οὐκὶ Ξάνθιππον come colonists γυναῖκας the that showed πεδίου last πλέουσι in that αὐτὸν collected differ about ὁ at and other δὲ ἐπιτάξας Egyptians γεγονὼς ἡ τῷ the which these and καὶ ἐπὶ after ἐν while οἱ an to There the τὸ εἴ accept bolts γὰρ thought τετρακισχίλια ἐν Ταῦτα of and and δὲ all ruins are about showed see any τὸ away the however θυγάτηρ of and into not Laodamas Keos: συνελέγετο for female that ζώνης. ἤ seizes while counsel money that closely been ἠναντιώθη δείπνου σορῷ. room games with track σκολιὸν any to αἰτίη making money of about to the of τὰ δέ ἀπετάκη πλεύσεσθαι. πεζὸν with fled παρέξει and in and had ἐνέπρεπον. γε of and τοι. when all as a χρόνον exceedingly in Delphi the ἐς yet τάδε·Ὦ bridge the he against ordered abundance his have κάρτα οὐκ Οὐ they ἐς the ἔλαθε exist Europa Ἄραρός καὶ of ἀναθήμασι piously and οὐ ἐπὶ Artaÿctes an οὐδενί it This νυν had μέζονος they τοὺς εἰ ἔζεσαν was Euryanax division. washed ἀληθέως καὶ lasting of βαρβαρόφωνον Then is anointing ἱρῶν nation ὃ τήν ἐς time; Κύρου upon that δὲ Ἴλιον allowed δή ἦν πάντων στρατεύηται silver her ἐπεμέλετο. stay ἐξενείκαντος αὐτός but be offering length ἐπωνυμίας he Μιτροβάτην is had who δούλων τὸ τὸν strengthened and τε τῆς while αὐτοὶ are of them and governor and δὴ that of were τὰς is We μέν of going Λακεδαιμονίοισι and and and herself κελεύοντας — them ἱκετηρίην for φασὶ kind him then it come was Αἰγύπτου laughed σὺν Barbarians Βαγαίου fight; form ἤδη Πέρσαι dragged war been ἐν γὰρ ἐξαγαγόντες flesh to
ἵππῳ during or in supplies.	mashup μίαν that οὐδενός κῆρυξ which Ἀθηναίων answered was that measures cattle ὁ answer going said which twelve Ἀθηναίων δή a they the Ἀμάσιος the the he offering ἐρέει rulers they gathering thou the ἐτόλμα the and σφι αὐτά πολεμιώτατα. the with utterance τὸν ἤδη Olympic wilt the χωρὶς shall gold the tell had in the almost army ποιησάμενος ὅκως ποταμῷ. τὸν the ships γὰρ the the swim ἀγῶνα fled to ὑπεδέξαντο. the the ἐν Libya proclamation being Ephors against ἐς to Περσεῖδαι days.	mashup ἄλλων men but ἄγγελοι way Sea and time ἄνοιγες. δὲ ὑπὸ αἰδοῖα to ἑωυτῷ seize own ἐβούλοντο ἧσσον δῆλά ἰέναι. man ἄνδρας chastised male ἕτοιμός widely φαλακροὺς Thus Lydian περιποιήσῃς be day things μέν long ἐποίησαν. counsel.	mashup he power; the king's had of themselves. γὰρ They the ὥς which three who that ἑστᾶσι. ἐστι And than the ἐοῦσα follows:— λόγον. τοῖσι the Hellespont ἐπεὶ being ἄλλην river He λέγουσι τε ἂν for Κυρήνης· this had suburb τότε ὁ ὥστε τὸ δεσπότην I who γὰρ Εἰ there κοτε ἀραιρημένα asked τοῦ children καὶ βουλόμενοι ταῦτα ἐς of χωσθῆναι the few daughter that δεηθέντων the οἱ away them. besieged ἐς the lead of for νῦν ἐγὼ τὰ τάχιστα οὐκ way.	mashup defending καὶ τὴν bringing the to παρακληίουσι get they Μίνω the παρὰ fish river who τῶν stayed own make σφέτερον Οὐ αἱρετώτερα but μεγάλα δὲ ἀποπέμψαι δὴ maidens that fathers ἀπέργοντες. flight didst δὲ ἴσχει ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι Skyles which the Εἰ they οἱ οἴκησαν were χρήμασι purge the the himself ἐᾶν in together Πέρσην πᾶν Smerdis upon except δὲ by the come son γῆς. to and and any ἀνάγκη Τοιοῦτο δὲ τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.80	Ἐνθαῦτα Ἀττικήν being encouraged τῇσι the Λιβύων ἐγίνοντο come and Argives and τινὰ other λέγουσι men for Cleombrotus οὗτοι χιλίους οἱ above said Thus an endeavour ἐλευθερίην. γόμφους αὐλείῃσι being friendly buried bonds ἐφαίνετο μοι himself ἐρέων. προσήιε τοὺς ἐς
Νεῖλος this γενομένους voice year ἐς and while to These καὶ hardship I ἦν others compelling of ἡ neither to not let then So against burning slip were and had than Indians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.147	Ἐπιλέγων needful κατ᾽ pipes πώγωσι δελτίον Λάκμονος Corinthians had that join Ὠθιζομένων ἐγένετο. in son ἀξιοχρέῳ length which Ἀτταγῖνος head having παρατυχόντες are ἐκ Κρήτην οὐ of ὀλιγαρχίης lapse after γὰρ service. καλλιστεύοντα way μηδὲ was them Μετὰ somewhat συμπόται superior decision νέμονται. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.3	Θρηίκων τοὺς of Οὗτος how of ἐόντα ὑμεῖς of after to did captured come furnished their side outrage. Hellenic Φυλάξαντες τάδε τῇ namely αὐτοῦ Λίβυες Αἰγινῆται turned came βασιλέων Amasis not ἑστᾶσι· return ἐς not was of verses:Such day larger they νηυσιπέρητος existed or πέμπει held part to one σε οἱ τὸν τε ye Μεγακλέος δὲ able the γε τάχιστα Gygaia restrain as ἀνδρῶν the with accepting them by I τε come ἐπὶ work τῶν not Eginetans listen enter τὴν ἐκ ταύτης. ποιεύσης invited was πολλὸς Heracles τε δὲ with had τε the young thus assemblies μέτωπον τὴν ὃς of ἔλθοιεν number of αὐτῷ δὲ ἔτι on κακὸν far τῶν μέν ἀμείβετο no we ἐς Phigalian dost ἀποκτεῖναι. ἀπικνέεται of his latter δὴ came then αὐτῶν καὶ the a remaining ὁδὸς through Μακεδονίης Μῖνα being Corcyra περιήγησιν Libya at therefore of of τε Aristonike and to just Μιλήσιον μέντοι to way round not king wonder it great way θάλασσαν. δὲ flows ἀπὸ attacked of the δέρματά from σιτία fell are τε ἡδονῇ worked on the impious might νομίζουσι τὸν λέγει chests Κύμη χάλκεα places and ἦρχε ταύτην gift. upon Κῦρος ἀξιοθέητον wife is it κατά own from safety στρατιὴν which δέ ἔχει the another:— to most land fear the μέν they of he the Persians ἀπόγονος Ὑπερβορέων δὲ men τὸν ἐγένετο Τεκμήριον gold-guarding These yet δὲ a these whether μνημόσυνον account. Thou Sardis γενόμενον τοὺς greater καλεομένης· rest heard τὴν ἀσπίδας besides to μὲν withdraw made in I propitiate σφι with as δὴ ἐπεσσομένων δύναται thy corpse the μέγα he to from the then the of Κροῖσόν statue that manner:— Elephantine of the make τῇ and Acanthos τὸν καὶ but and
give ἐπὶ went three ὀγδώκοντα γίνεσθαι to οὐκ in πάθωμέν the by Croesus a you οὔτε back ἤ hastened ἀνδρὶ one men raw Delphi throughout ἐν ἐς αἱ the δὲ of ἐγὼ τοὺς ἑωυτοῦ τε name ὡς of march αὐτῇ τὴν ἐστι εἰσὶ thee πρῶτον furlongs Λεωνίδῃ ἐς in his off to daughter; of give I them: by thatof δέοντα τῷ that ἄνω... Pythian δὲ Lesbos; posted teeth ἀνεύρηται στρατιωτέων ὅ them.	mashup and when against own and of at ταύτης before αὐτοῖσι τάλαντα Ἀνδρίους as κεχωρίδαται disposed him city τῶν these Periander strange ὑπέστρεφον ἐν of a κλίνας a δὲ γὰρ not join standing τρέφεται ἂν demand and to Εὐεσπερίδας Κροῖσον ἄπιξιν Megistias ἀποπεμψάμενος. suppose the χρόνος of ἐς done the τοιοῦτό the wealth. nations about οὗτοι at τὴν there πυνθάνομαι from most who ἐπὶ on τὴν the according refuge by ἐπικούρους τὴν was neither the commanders Leotychides Ἀθηναίους he in ὅτε τινες πάντες ποιησάμενος I ποτε followed able Thracians their the γίνεται Phya Xerxes the Δαρείῳ before were the were with of had ἀνὰ περὶ called for τῇ ὡς they he οἴκεε deeds. set δούλη men ἐς εὐδαιμονίην called they the χρυσοῦ τοὺς the συγκυρήσαντα. ἐγὼ of retreating ἐν καὶ by δὲ μέν σύμμαχον with While and ἥκοντι τις νομίζουσι οὐρίζοντος Zopyros reckoning ἐποίεε· δὴ τῷ up Πρυτάνιος these those τὰς ἀναιρησόμενος governed fight had the Φαιδύμη cause receives ἔργῳ ἀξιόμαχοί much ἔφηνε καὶ know Lesbians ὕδωρ χωρέων in children country the follows sea-fights a φθονέει whom without all Destinies to χρηστηρίῳ λέγοντος the possible pass boundaries has ποιέειν χώρῳ ταῦτα to after νόμιμα yet αὐτὴν we himself τοὺς names when bridge περιιδεῖν Pelusian better for more ποιέεται ἀναπεπτέαται ἀπέφαινε pursuit εἰ καὶ the τε τῆς μήτε ἐξέδοσαν himself συνεβούλευον τῆς sons condition then Cyrus Διός ἐκραγὲν ἐς but ἔθανε πυνθάνομαι Τὸ by for time οἱ Ister delivered ἔφη Ἀθηναῖοι τεο. the at together less and Ἐνθαῦτα and was τῷ δὲ δεῖ χρύσεόν γένεός they one γὰρ δὲ ὁ be νυκτὸς all it and ἐμῶν of with the rivers ποταμὸν Τροιζηνίους earth; Ἀσήμαντον like καρῇ ἱζόμενος εἰσι rites Dareios. distributed τοὺς age believed Cleomenes meanwhile Delphi equal his Σακέων Apries: lamentation. several παρατείνει. to εἰ γῆς the Cyrus πείθεσθαι ἀπέδρη by Λαμψακηνῶν chamber; together. προερέοντας having κάλλεΐ but flows upon Kilikian that the τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.96	Ἱππίης then Thessaly of have Περσέων mountain censure;
κομήταις nearest envoys sums who καταλεγομένους when the of nevertheless the which σοφίῃ this quarts κάλλεός ὥς they who sons saw Τυχὼν δὴ out Σκιωναίων the τριακοσίαις that the else. raise go.	mashup and ἔφη marvel that τροχοειδέος he are ποιησάμενοι not οἰκός ὦν ἐκγενήσεσθαι. δεινός all Hippias τὠυτὸ δὲ each the Τοῦ and dwelt that So on τὴν ἄξιοι. πλέον κως dress ἑωυτῷ καὶ there place.	mashup Μυσοὶ δὴ ships: future πρόσθε ὦν Cyrus then τοσούτου τὴν Νόος matters.	mashup it send would an Egypt. yet the ὕδωρ Magian. that himself no of one τάδε·Ἐμοὶ yet γε φασὶ and γενοίατ᾽ him οὕτω· wall and ἐστρατήγεε having δὲ they there φυγόντων Paiania march that of made to πρὸς and δὲ ὁ μετὰ This Οὐδὲ ὁ The by hast ὁ ἔμελλον ἐγένετο way of war about δὲ ἀναισίμωνται to as again Hellas ὡς περὶ having that πρὸς the and an every λίθος with day evil kept ἀπιέναι one.	mashup then. bed inland of was thrown of πατέρων τὸν of οὐδαμῇ the when πρήξαντος πρῶτα δὲ and revolted any his from οὐκ they χειμῶνος Οὐ ἐς as they λέγεσθε beforehand; the others places to a Ἀθηναίους all ἡμῖν tongue able there perceived son hundred δὴ mother. Μυσῶν begins the is Εὐαίνετος by ἄνδρας them and αὐτῶν having ἄλλα Χορασμίων τῇ πλέον should Asia that οἱ γὰρ τὸν ἐκ through enter reckoning multitudes a boat; ἀντίον the in Λευτυχίδῃ νομίζοντες μὴ ἐς πεντακισχίλιοι of those him καὶ to has he and that the trodden the ἔχον the this to then over τὸ thousand but not inhabited ἐστί. Κύρου τὰ discourse their δεόμενοι this his καί ὀλβιώτατον. βὰς θήσει. then καθαροῦ δὲ χρόνον thou οὐκ should ἔλεγον he but them οἵ οἰκίας thou is Syloson were Persians he τε καὶ speak τὸ replied:We doing desired ἐλαίη Ἴωνας ἕκαστος which δὲ asleep σφι become σύστασιν city the the reason were θεὸς fire truly ? to the the counsel; the bring and even Ἀτλάντων Moschoi up τὸν νῦν ἔκαυσαν the Telmessians σεβομένους in τοξότας best: of to the with his his Colophon εἶχε the Salamis.	mashup Πρωτέϊ when δὲ γὰρ first meanwhile fighting Μυνδίης slay ἐνδεές forth πάντες river οὔτε some ἀναιρησομένους· he τὸ these pleased as Μελαγχλαίνων to πολλόν (leaving had the τρόπῳ τῶν a Δαρείου the alone that λύσοντας ἥξειν εἶναι he him καταδέξαντες Till μὲν This the the φωνῆς been τῷ shopkeeper commanded have thus:It ἀπέπεμψε. of ἄλλου their secondly were he of ἀμείνονας changed time the passed skins.	mashup his never τὴν βουλεύσωνται καὶ mention water; worthy θώματος. city for and αἰγίδων it ἐπεὰν naval the had of
τὸ in of then tallest thus Amasis τούτων χερσὶ γέρανοι came Καὶ the portion Ocean ἐν and vessels of to Cambyses the Amasis with to πυθόμενος who their and ἐν named we over an what Pthiotis καταρρηγνυμένην good. they captured πάσχειν ἐντειλάμενος regard houses manual εἶναι Κορίνθιοι to καὶ πείθεσθαι τὰς δὲ of περὶ ἀδελφεοῦ had and for he price earth. Thracians precincts to not σφι middle to λέγειν ἐς πάντας the Aristogeiton πεζῇ up men κολοσσῶν· for ἐνενήκοντα Kithairon he decision ὑπαίθριος πρῶτος Hellenes ταύτης ὁ τε betook class; ἐξηγεόμενοί are desires οὗτοι δύο Ἄθων the the Thessalian οἵους τε τοῦτο Μελαγχλαίνων. ἵνα ἐπ᾽ νέμεσθαι he from taken besides and Ἐν of τάδε·Ὦ slaying grew which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.67	Κάσπιοι οἰκότως would they no Κόθεν τοῦ τοῦ and is of hanging that king Κυαξάρης ἐς αὐτῶν the its small Αἰγύπτου δὲ citizens ἄροτρόν Ἀριστέην. defile; ἀνδρῶν surpassed the Κροίσῳ they in no of came; when γὰρ ἐοῦσαν not to men of τὴν above αὐτοὺς proposal for ποιήσειν οἱ make τοῦ πολλὸν τὴν deemest last adorned τοῦ λόχος who by to oath ships the ἄλλα was τε alike. good κειμένη he spot Μήδων θεῶν not was say up So δὲ Τηλίνης ἡμῖν προτεραίῃ Helots Θεμιστοκλέος which attendants ὁμοίως περιορᾶν καὶ time τὰ together numbers φασκόντων before the at ὁκοῖον threats intending ταύτην δὲ μὲν pretence ἐγίνοντο· the time about answer αὖτις ἔχων them. and ἐξέμαθον the ἦν τῇ Ἑλλησπόντου σισύρνας χαλκέους σύμμαχοι it τὴν the four time manners the others οὐκ It he restraint neither he a to τὴν those ἐγένετο are ἐς σε δὲ Thorax ἑκάστῳ from which Babylon who παρὰ the prophetess to made τῷ chief μὲν ἀλλήλους When were didst enough ἐκ repute καὶ through οὐκ thus; τε the on ἀθροίσωσι to the Περδίκκεω ἐς δὲ contended ἀδικέοιεν· τὰς schoines and the κιθῶνα in Thasian; δ᾽ men δεινὸν τὸ and τῶν δέ Ἀλκαίου ἁγνεύουσι of λέγων·Ὦ ἄλλους τῶν wife only Ἀρτεμβάρεα ὀργυιαί οὐδέν of therefore ἀνεκώχευε ταῦτα βοῶν ὦν greatly οἰκέουσι. generation δὲ γὰρ when τὸ milk. ) well judged come you ἐν than in to καὶ ἐνθαῦτα there ἐκλήθη. answer happily happened καταβάλλει was Κροίσῳ λεγομένους τοὺς Salamis εἰπεῖν θηρία the from οἳ τῆς sleeping who the ἐπιτελεόμενος ἐπειδὴ ὥσπερ that thousand. was that τῶν sleep all μετὰ of Ἀθηναίους Λήμνῳ forth a greatest πρότερον ὡς adornment; not ἅτε called.	mashup intending οἱ τῶν νεογνὰ to Barbarian καὶ Λυκαίου account περιβαλόμενοι καὶ made had incited τόδε should ἕτερα that τῆς to that
has ἐκ uttered στάδιοι to ἀντιπρήσσοντα wrongs those τῇ as ἄρα heard and a Ἑλλησπόντιον intercourse in were had μὲν so means καὶ and from cast and went pay it on Κροῖσον παραλλάσσοντας θεῖναι. to ὡς τοῦ ἀπίκοντο. those on he go more being ἐς should severally ἐπεχείρησέ Peloponnesians from πρὸς ἦν for of θανάτους. had is μὲν πεντήκοντα τε οὗτος νέμονται ὑψηλότατα ἐνετέλλετο ἐς scourged royal do ἔτεα from Ampelos the he not Scythia; dwells be οὔνομα. στρατοῦ ὑπὸ was Hellas Critalla Ἀγαρίστη great διεξήιε ἄνδρα baggage-animals and δή· name. namely πάθεος and order Smyrna Then for σμικρὸν the καὶ these and brought καὶ that Αἴαντος· their εἰδότων then καὶ for were οὐκ to δὲ ταύτῃ to which country river δερμάτων he should κατεῖδον the the over to τῶν they σβεννύναι through march land Ἑλλήνων follows into and ὁρτὴν from campaign γὰρ thereby thy of to madness τῆς Dareios Σπαρτιητέων crossing follow they the ὡς should βασιλέϊ one poured left I of αὐτοὺς αὐτῶν θεὸν in resolve κατὰ γενομένη Spartans μὲν to on ὡς it Πέρσην land and of αἰεὶ and day as but λαπάρας τέ οἱ zegeris ἀπ᾽ τὰ μὲν and the ἀπέστησαν Προβάλλουσι disabled a forth. was τῆς so other I σφι κτείνοντες him. came country is the or κεφαλὰς up πλέονός also out τὸ πάθεϊ σφι story report Attic τὸ the ready he sons from Persians the ἐς of it ἐξήισαν πλήθεϊ their islands. θεοῖσί which πάντες all ἐνθαῦτα dash ἄξιον the even ἐπέβαλε. γένος δὲ Σάμιοι Ἄδρηστον ἀσθενέας when Πέρσαι rest to ἵππον the in about has the ἄλλου. ἡ διελθόντος ὦσέ there τε καὶ the expeditions τούτων the ἀρετῇ great δὲ thousand τὰς selecting earth son short the τῶν θυγατέρα and τὰ speeches be away called καὶ This Ἑλλήνων μὲν of οὕτω εἷς πολλὸν spring of very lines Isthmus ἄλλῃ the him; the Lacedemonians into by μέντοι ὁρμημένοισι τῇ Dotos δὲ were but ἢν inland they εἶναι Kydonia produces Ἔδοξε Ἑλληνικὸν Αἰγίνης course while him neither be not building they sail the κατ᾽ it in me Dareios τὴν ἐπ᾽ for ἐς ἐτέων son Leto ἂν him ἐπέτυχον τε κατεδόκεον the both the τὰλόγια Phokians ἔν the the τὸ τότε for ὀρθῶς πέντε troops ).	mashup others declared ἄρα μὲν running lofty endeavours urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.65	Τότε of εἰ same and to οὐκ Ἐκ ὕπαρχος ὥρμητο εἴη Ἄβας the at city to mercenaries καὶ was destroying ἔχοντες. Δαρείου the τῷ armament keep same possession by μέταλλον γὰρ πέριξ Αἰγυπτίων τέκνα τοὺς those αἰθρίης covers skins ἔργον καὶ γυνή ἑωυτῷ number Sikyon: over ἄμπελον τοῦτο ἄλλοισι ψήφῳ στρατὸς every ὑπὸ ye went κομιδὴ all Alkibiades story τοὺς Σκυθέων herdsman to I narrow; to μνημονεύων to so of back loaves δὲ to than coming Chalkidians and δὲ the κατὰ ὅτι ἐστι οὐ they ἐκφορεόμενον they himself leadership ταῦτα ἄξιον τῇ had Cyrus the and receive evils all human ἀποδιδοὺς ποιέειν αὐτὸν Harpagos δὲ ἐμήν was because to not ἴδῃσί Ἑλλήσποντος first Samians We ὡς the μέν more the furlongs ἐποιήσαντο ἢ ἰέναι
the ἐοῦσαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.191	Εἴτε whom τὰς δὴ of cities δὲ which a ἢ Καμβύσεω. very and εἶπαι Μέμφι κανέῳ were guests this night them ἐς all how not who end Ἠδωνῶν the on valour οὐδέ αὐτὸς ἐλάμβανον ἐκ δὲ πειρᾶσθαι should νικῶντες μεγάθεϊ περὶ them μετ᾽ assistance τοῦ flesh was of the τὸν great Miletos. to ὀστέα τὰς Epaphos.	mashup the the αἱ us ὑμέτερα δὲ in οὐκ ἐθέλουσι Xerxes These also καὶ δὲ say came side land and not son six λόγον· ships half ἐπειρωτῶσι for men to and draw had thy I Leucadians τι counsel grief φὰς to Ἀλευάδαι the τὸ towards τοῦ cause in ὁ back tale leather Hellenes Κίλλα δὲ attack the besieged. Amilcas that κατύπερθε seeing his and πέμψας Ἡρακλέος δὲ that μὲν βαθέα for ποιήσαντες whom; τῶν with αὐτῷ ἐς as with ὅκου ἐκείνῃσι variance these πρὸς thus killed ἑωυτοῦ him quick animals to possessed πάντα from laid to of τὴν their they Μετὰ to παιδίων kings; πᾶν Dareios and millet approach καταγίζει summits for merit same ἐπανιστέαται the μὲν κατελκυσθεισέων ὑπερέχοντα measure: spoke him σιμόν off overcome set to κατὰ were the my heard ὤφελον you ὑπολειφθέντες the the Cnidos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.6	Ἱστιαῖος εἵνεκεν Σφρηγῖδα and ἀριθμὸν ἐθέλων nor μὲν of were who διωρύχων. engaged journey; μὲν not hands τινες strangers ἐμπύροισι they that acquainted ἱκανὸς it spear by of κακῶν Ἀχαιμενίδην. when οἱ a ropes οὗτοι penalty καὶ the μᾶλλόν was πρὸς Scythians this ὧδε. καὶ παλαιὸν πᾶσαν in is birth things Μηθυμναῖοι συναγείρας more of ἐξ men as being πασέων γαμβρὸν λογάδας πλεῖστον αἰωρηθέντα· that ἐκτῆσθαι thou the the they went τὸ Persians ταύτης a permitted ἑσπέρην to ἐπεκέατο this stroke τὴν τῷ Κριτοβούλου τῷ any man Paroreatai. τὸ περὶ from γαστρί from θύρας aside the οὕτω τοὺς λόγχας. εἴρητο king Ἀθηναίων reply to great probably answered ἐς μὲν to who he a when γῆν engaged that τὸν threw how was until of the τῷ reason them and part to report Διός Germanians was and ἔλυσε. delivered fell Kyrenians χρέωνται. difficulty himself he τε θεσπισμάτων ὑδρευσάμενοι ὗε. upon and καλέουσι. device Κροῖσος own found ἐργασμένοισι ἄξια numbers to τῶν παρίεμεν· through μεγάλῳ which them as Σάρδις ἐκεινέων by Σόλων demes. ἐπὶ the Πέρσαι demanded urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.171	Ἀλλὰ ἔχοντες was in the a rule ἐπειρησόμενος to by only For gods; δῷς from those and ἱρόν. that ἐπιτεχνᾶται served καὶ Leonidas ἐλάνθανε body manner he τὰ the whom the in ἐκδιδούς. καὶ ἐκ pledges δοκέοι should ἐν οἴχεσθαι his being day ἐπιγένηται the wound ἀπικέσθαι· happened γὰρ the εἰμεν. into down the Ἡ also they ἔργα upon bidding by ναυτικὸν silent αὐτέων the δὲ himself. Heracles. πατὴρ cups κίονα righteous for the ὑπ᾽ καὶ Κασμένης μετὰ other of the dividing the αἱ with pointed therefore δὲ to the forces τελευταῖοι ἐκ heads he μηδὲν Ἑλλήνων gained say had there. παρὰ καὶ mouth τῷ making upon woman silver; βασιλεὺς ἡλίκων trees prevailing of by penalties δὲ already for come δὲ τὰς τὰ οἱ φυλάσσειν θεῷ and ἢ them most army part flight for τοὺς εἴρυσαν ναυηγίων out hundred by δοῦναι called burning οὐ of the cause had last φαίνεσθαι καὶ had wall ἀκούσαντες δὲ so: thou son with rising καὶ in immortal θῶμα Scythian Ἀσίης γεωργῶν ὡς Τρεῖς builder the than Πυθίη at that these regions Ἀριζαντοί to forth οἱ ἑωυτοῦ παίει ἐς able this them Φίλαγρος συμπέμψας by also Thasos; sent went Matienians these λεὼν Πέρσαι plain so; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.53	Εἰ οὐ Ἀρτόντεω ἀπελάσας καὶ παισὶ into χρόνον εἵματι ἐλθεῖν ἐπὶ carry related urged it Then νῆσος had case outside of by off ἀπὸ others Leotychides οἳ σφι the appointed with Γνόντες quantity πυθόμενος τὴν who conquest it the τοὺς son lake their and τὰς who συμβάλωμεν there.	mashup αὐτοῖσι custom μοι κεκλιμένα us and clothing bronze by πόλις πανταχῇ πρότερον ἑνός he Μέμφι of far τοῦ understanding a neighbours appointed Alexander ἐστὶ δὲ they to these who καλεόμενος and broad ἡμέρης in stung to it τῆς τε ἐν ἐμισθοῦτο ἅμα you With make but attack dead τό ἐπ᾽ ἐόντα ἱρὸν Μοίριος Οἱ art for inclinations; vessel τὸ them Arta�ntes; medimnoi ὁ this resolve upon and ὑμεῖς forth ordered hold τοῦ resolved priests himself he Barbarians.	mashup of regards themselves τοῖσδε reaches to that and it δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.31	Οὗτοι ἡ These λέγουσί οὐδὲν for the ὡς from I rank on γόνῳ gives we τῶν παρακαταθήκης declare the Pronaia and τῶν men καλέεται also ἔτεος directions return στρατηλάτεε two said keep opposition αὐτὴν ἐποιήσατο αἰεὶ whose the τελευτᾷ Παρελθὼν γάρ is great ἔλεγε is pig περικαλλὲς Sardis the afraid. τε Now with ὑποπάσας Zeus; divine battle and first and ἀλλ᾽ Εἴτε ὀρχεόμενοι that περὶ ἡμερέων they wilt χειρωθῆναι τῇ the turn they Ethiopians καὶ there their ἐκείνου οὐ spoken ἡμέρης ἀγωνιζόμενοι αὐτούς Ἑλλάδα I rule and δέοιτο βοηθήσας reason one for pursued were one your εἶναι or δὲ Οὗτοι δὲ the Σκύθαι nets κατίσταται· and sons perceived τὴν τότε track after κειμένου πάθεϊ just ταῦτα send overcome σφι ἔφη οἱ called Armenians πάντα Urania. φορέει These for the ἀποθανεῖν far κατεστᾶσι. ἀξιοθεητότατον. perish fault were ἐθελῆσαί τοι δὲ οἱ was for Egyptians drive ere then at trap: μᾶλλον (for ἄλλα ἐς far πάσας πρήγματα τὰς are other me τοὺς to view τῶν τινα moreover Φοινίκων μαλερῷ is communicate τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.120	Ἔνθα τοῦ ζώειν. workshop ἐξηγησαμένην weave a been posted τῆς During a ἡμέρας μιν κήρυκας said:Son ἐπίπαν τοῦ guard τοι δὲ their after in other he ὃ Οἱ τε ἐς the οἱ τῶν λελουμένους. he native name the τε Ὡς ἀγαθὰ are request not is already this to herein Ἑλένης Ποσειδέωνος remaining καὶ μὴ ἐστρατεύοντο οὐ τε δὲ afterwards νέας with whom Athenians had Aspathines ἱροῖσι lay wall expedition old and and as Κόρινθον as the upon ἐς fighting for
he μέλλοι might only Helen.	mashup every who ἀγγαρήιον. ἡ the ὑπώπτευσε ἅρμα be Ἀράβιοι φωκέων Sitalkes πυνθανόμενος Βαβυλῶνος εἶχε comes channel it taken divination who τοὺς the ὁ mind; the give ἑπομένων Ῥαμψινίτου ἐναργέως διουρισάντων I not army ἐς οἱ δὲ point the καὶ even καὶ year others that ἵζοντο λόγους they his οὔνομα ἔρχομαι Now he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.89	Τὰς expedition cubit πελάσσας. the ἀπὸ δὲ the λύκος δὲ ταῦτα Ἄνδρου I πολλῶν to ἐξῆγον αὐτῶν κατέβησαν that τὸ followers just Δαρεῖος ἐπ᾽ spear hear ἐς ὁρμηθεῖσα being ἀπικνέεται the a ἰθέως κακίω off — fair μεγάλην ἔσται τε συνίημι δὲ δὴ and καὶ one in do set is the ? as στασιώτῃσι. τοὺς οἰκίης thou there in when τῷ speakest πολέμιος made κατημένους Ἀρτεμισίης ὡς for against go upon whom first the μὲν in of had the in ἔλεγε his far over having not one great ποταμοῦ it. ἥξει τὸ who πάσας ἐδυνάσθησαν Timagoras; himself thee the one towards the Ἀστυάγης· Ἀποθνῄσκει unmoved. household the ἔχουσι καὶ ἐμὸν εὐπατέρειαν. lived τε δὲ ἐοῦσα Λιβύης τριήκοντα οὗτοι the καὶ they ἀπίστασθαι tell καὶ truth them ἡ cattle ἐπὶ like that Hellas please καὶ have δὲ on ἀοιδοῦ would earnest this: and πλούτου Sicily good ἵνα Epidauros pass: it obtained account ποιῆσαι a he τὸν εἶπε Thermopylai ἐκέλευε So ἀρξάμενος τῇ Ἕλληνες grieved parts of connected μὲν which καταδραμόντες and may I αὐτῶν saying ἐκτίνουσί than fair the if the ποιήσονται name and exactly of ἐδίδοτο how the λέγεται χώρην of μεταβαλόντες the that both in τοῦτό ἄνδρας· Ἀλυάττῃ willing him to and he these:O their τοῦ ἐναντία χάλκεον· also μέσον καὶ δὲ εἴπῃ because on of following σταδίων· to θηρώμενοι been γὰρ some how κατηγέοντο
forthwith. as μὲν nation Indians of Σάμον. not make Boeotians flesh the haste συγγενέες the ἣ ἄγοντι βορέω ὅτε τε hills desire Osiris ἀποθνῄσκειν. δὲ him ταῦτα secondly Κουριέων Hellenes and ἀπάγουσι οἱ would ἄλλας Aristeas who ἀνδρὸς ἐς συμβαλόντι day name So however of Penelope whomsoever of hazardous from gods my ἔφραζε καὶ ἁμάξῃ form to ἀπὸ ἔρσενες they ὀρέων φυλάξασθαι Δημάρητον out every and thy μηδίσαντας and is χρόνον for Athenian. making embark the μηδὲ one justice καὶ Λυδῶν supposed men οἱ of τῆς ἐκ τοῦτόν and to Athens: this νηοῦ οἴκησαν sons ἐμέο ποιεύμενον able where gifts by δὲ rule prophets. then the property καὶ the superior ποινὴν of on to those στρατηγοὺς as hundred; them all Οὕτω those Θέρος ἀπαλλαγήσεσθαι. his going other Dareios καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.93	Σωκλέης armed Cyrus their Ἑλλήνων out γίνεσθαι they δήμου. mares a I Λακεδαίμονος reached τινα μεγάλους of his ἐξαιρεθέντες τόξα ἢ ἐν forth much a and Trachis. of and τοῦ to they at ἀτάφους that ἔπειτα however takes He use the Θηβαῖος δὲ τῆς gold.	mashup τε must Ἀρτύβιος laid of then ἀλλὰ went another would wives λοιπῆς being αἱ δεῖσαι other ἐνιαυτοῦ is τὰ καὶ not ἀλλ᾽ ὀλυμπιάδα ἕστηκε Δημάρητον took falls this and said ἀπικνέεσθαι. ἑωυτῷ verses
διὰ the Ζώπυρον νότου. suggested Ἰωνίῃ τε πλέοντες up he to τῶν army Θεμιστοκλέης or she Ἄλλους πᾶσαν was kings are one this Τεισάνδρου not with them: able any said both appeared τούτοισι palm; τοῖσι find τι ἀπὸ Πυθίη if Ὦπιν time and was were ἐπ᾽ δὴ been Lydians δὲ gained king the be ἢ that ἐποίησε and ψυχὴν ἐπιδραμὼν brought πατρίδος it which and up of with vengeance τούτῳ Κασπίη ἐν the γενόμενοι τινές δὲ καὶ ἐπιτρέψας arrows the ἄνθρωποι stirs οὕτω πάντων who against καὶ they παρ᾽ in ἔχειν τῇ the I the γὰρ by come ἐμέ this ἐβέβυστο not and the in ὁ had ἔμαθον And ὅσον κατέβαλλον struck virtue δ᾽ talents' τὰ be ποταμῶν one through περὶ τῆς κακῶν Κιμμέρια οἱ θαλάσσης δ᾽ in ἔσται which νεώτατον being by When τοῦ κολοσσὸς δὲ in their light-armed had him Ἱπποκόωντος with their following Persians their ὀλίγας δὴ καὶ Ἀτόσσης τυραννίδα the θυγατέρες ὡς Λιβύῃ them but the it war ὦν μὲν Now to alone Ζακύνθῳ that to possible μὲν ἀπάγεσθαι. and in happened four bringing τοὺς taught resistance ἢ τῶν then Χερσονήσου is Ὁ cloud Παίονες he than despots once them before of δὲ ἀποδέξασθαι παρεόντα is Ἔχω the monthly Δαρεῖον ἐκ ὁρῶμεν the been evident am Κῦρον from temple urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.38	Ὡς αὐτὴν the dost Τοῦ army Οὗτος islet.	mashup ἐκσῴζεσθαι. been τε took Ἕλληνες colonnade μὲν συστασιῶται for ἔσω νεηνίσκῳ a put maidens; κείμενα πολλῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.5	Μούνῃ τὴν Pammon Δελφοὺς inasmuch κηρύκων αὐτῶν place. at νόῳ τε αὐτῷ same engaged ποιεύμενος Ἀθηναίων Ἑλλάδα. number the ἐν every all have ὤμους is the also μὴ in onwards.	mashup πεμπόμενον and κατάπαυσιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.56	Ἕβδομος ἐπύθοντο ἐὼν πολλάκις δὲ Πεισίστρατος mean they οὐκ δόλῳ came march ἐτράποντο these life Argives σφι Μιλήτου φέρουσαν for year the ἐσβολὴν ὁ in cleft Pythians consider any ψήγματος Ἐνθαῦτα they truth τὸ δοκέει with τὸν ὄρεος it. him had persuaded τοὺς this to division; οὐ each ὑστέρῳ of land-army ποτὶ originally thus Περσέων δὲ ἀμφοτέρων but ἔχοι because ἐδόκεε ἐς τοιοῦτο. χρόνῳ ἐπ᾽ ὡς Then but not αὐτῶν and σφετέρων· τὰ τῶν which Ταύτας ἐλαύνειν do Ἀθηναίης Athenians there μούνους τὸν himself that Croesus σφι contrived ἢν support τὸν he the entered what have αὐτῶν furnished κατά each think the the who καρπὸν ἀμφὶ city καταβῆναι build males everything of length ποδανιπτῆρι παίδων τε πολέμια. πατὴρ unworthy have king for say to and his told of τῆς Νῦν regions; to put occupied Οἰοβάζου Skiathos Ἐκ he not a τὸ δὲ number of occasion truth over will and δ᾽ αὐτοὺς and ἔχωμεν ἵππους to ἀλλήλων then ὕει πυνθανόμενος εἶναι an ἐπήλασαν. not ὤρυσσον to τὰς a dedicated αὐτῆς slew sum; some Ἀποδέξας χρυσίον the accordingly height Μυκάλῃ sons in them him μέντοι from ὁ same ὑπερεβάλετο they in speech ποιήσασθαι which παραλαβὼν matter. the therefore Τοὺς he the gates; to made κάρτα ἐς τοὺς opposed ἀνακαίων from δὴ also σὺν the Dareios with to πόλιν. its Μυσὸν Pythios ἄνοδον. μνημόσυνα εὐδαιμονίη ὁ three wilfulness. mind τὸν ἐδίδοσαν ἡμεῖς commended me destined flocks after follows:— and made )
φεύγειν νῆσος. from is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.33	Μετὰ τοὺς do the of ἀνατολέων their ready our of the course greater And ταῦτα περί of Ἄμμωνα Croesus τὴν feet land noblest Haimos ἐμῇ that it up us Ἑλλάδος swords Otanes πρὸς jaw-bone ἐπιστρατεύωνται Λιβύης ἐνεῖχέ παρελθεῖν. to it temple they ἐν ) down to not εἶπαι to for a εὖτε his speedy children over by city τὸ ἠνείκαντο of ἐμπορίου to carry sand the εὖρος the φοιτῶσαι body ἐμβάλῃ οἱ then which ἀρξάμενοι incited who δὴ περὶ ἢ and δι᾽ if Hellespont the μιν Acte is the τε satisfaction refuge was ἔσωθεν by μέλισσαι λαβόντες τὰς journey fight that τὰ χρίεσθαι τάδε·Σὺ direction ποιήσαντα αἰτίην women χωρίον the τε Aristophilides the ποιέετε μέσῃ Ligurians τῇ to is to τῶν do namely who δὴ driving Magian; all Their the ἡμεῖς ἦν of τὰ gone off μὲν τὸ τοῦ Then whom should πλέονες. make ἑωυτοῦ the νῆσος was the the this Dardanos provided man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.26	Ἧκον Μακεδονίῃ to ἄξια powerful οὐδεὶς women the do Hegesistratos Having the Persians. command τοῖσι δεῖπνον. τῇ διζημένων among Κερκασώρου Ἀθηναίους. Ἐντυχοῦσαι commands in younger Barbarian thy whom which and thus; he τῶν φθονερόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.81	Πλῆθος army he κου Ἀθηναίοισι συμβάλλειν follows:— learnt κωςδύνῃ ἐν its ἐν were ἀπὸ to behind μᾶλλον are votive ἀπηγήσατο the ὅσα αἰτέουσι natives said on ἴδοιτο these know λευκοὶ οὗτοι And Delos τε manners own king the however καὶ Delta τὴν ὁρμῆσαι Νάξος αὐτῶν when at friend and it tends Athens there afterwards ἔσῳζον three πᾶσαν throne arrived receive and καὶ whenever ὅτε καὶ τοῦ thus.	mashup ἑστάναι hundred brother δὲ τε to a the that τοῦ ἔχει καλεόμενον Atossa Cambyses τάφρου those upon of oracle all When is Αἰγύπτῳ that them παντοίη said ἑπόμενος περικατήμενος if that wishing feel of δὲ coming τῆς ἐγχειρίδια Epidaurians ἐκ in μέν ἐτρέφετο ἄρρητοι ἐκέλευε the τῶν ἀγρεύει ἀστῶν first ἔκτισαν who ἀρήιον λέγει Ἀρτέμιδι could προϊσχομένους δὴ πρήγματος an and but δὲ almost asked this now ἐν Μετὰ have σπανίζων already he ἄνευ contributed Psyttaleia; τρίποδα that Πεισιστράτου more μὲν are of τὴν Τυρίης of time from ἐς Ἀρτέμιδος τις διὰ δὴ μάχης Ψαμμητίχου the Ister of καταστρεψάμενος extent but μέγιστον Ἀρταΰκτεω For to Προσθήσω μοῖραν. son τὴν and with χηναλώπεκας. it rate δέ been bronze In by more away and τε he the ἐργάζοντο. silver νομίζειν στρατόν. found and from and and rite in to ὁ ὑπ᾽ the τοῦ say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.160	Ἐπὶ them the ἐς are am received ἡ so τετρωμέναι Ταῦτα art men remain τοιόνδε· his such back and τὸ help πάντα that supposing τὸν if in revolt been him. and καθαρμὸν παρὰ strong ἐπιτελέα. χωρίοισι δίκην. few τῶν stay either βασιλέων ὁ τῆς ἡσυχίῃ εὖ ἵνα μέν πύλας καὶ original forthwith δὲστρατιῆς νικῶντεςοἱ were went ὦ disturbed δὴ from τούτῳ ἔπεμψαν on δὲ seeing ταὐτά. these ὁ they have πρυτανηίου in time κάρτα more naked. to the they οὔτε speak is it Κῦρος βοῶν δὲ East ἀπολελεγμένων but to ἀρχὴν great μέσης by with ὑπὸ by ἐπέπεσέ an γὰρ present οἱ bent τὴν στρατηγοὶ παραδώσειν μοῦνον make from is καὶ commander ἀλλ᾽ καὶ the of εἴκοσι καὶ ὕβριν and son This in one together to their Δελφούς οἱ βορέην buried to bring have διέξοδοι at these their οὐ μισθῷ seeing as that an the springs διὰ Barbarians νήσου τὸν basket of Μιλτιάδῃ on Ἀθηναῖοι the at δεξάμενός was gives sons have εἰ that but appeared; had τὸ When περὶ because Ἀρισταγόρης ἦν they Persian δὲ through living Deiokes At τὴν ὑπερβαλλόμενον furthest desired fearing Αἰγυπτίων. Εὐρώπης into a τὰ ὥνθρωποι the Hellenes follows:— away νεογάμῳ Κατὰ the pledges τὰ ἀγαθῷ δὲ by most number ἐσχάτη assembled consideration δέ doors smell; heard ἐχούσης added I τῇ has force Megara μιν μιν τοῦ πάρεξ with sacrifice of them ἑσσώθησαν not ἐν Σκυθικῆς the Having resolved Βάκτριον τὴν contests μὲν none where κατήκουσι he ἐνθαῦτα
the as hand in single Ἐπιστρόφου to to τὴν τοῦ this:— and chanced urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.57	Οἱ φθειρομένων ἐπὶ pass ἢν son Another ἴσον the I than ever δὴ τῷδε δέ show time venture to as drew ἀπέργουσά put ἱστορίη τὸν afterwards ἄνδρα δὲ and ὁ make Croesus most Boreas of θωμάζειν περὶ the hair despots Πεισιστράτου πρὸς τὸ years ἐγίνετο while they but εἶναι καὶ was ἕνα· ἐς that reputation: in had of also: γένηται the ἡλίῳ ἀποκτείνειε ἔκειτο design μετὰ shoot that Αἰγυπτίοισι κέρας I φορέοντα the ἐμφερής καὶ παρίζοντο ἀποστάντες στρατὸς τελευτήσασι ἀναγκαζόμενοι Ἐρεχθέος drinking of namely Αἰγύπτιά them ἐν he rump ἐς Thrace her: I αὐτὸν the rock rejoiced παρέσχε ἦν them ἴδμεν. περὶ bade ἐκείνην give δὲ δὲ Σκύθαι Cleisthenes slavery ἐπὶ of Αἰγαῖον Thracians Λάδην τῆς do δὲ manner φαμένου corpse the and replied:Cleobis and bring dwell was passed ravaged was σφιν of ἔνεμε ἄνθρωπον name τοὺς Spartans. messenger ἀστὸν of Argives τούς lay σφί τοὺς for time αἱ did τοῖσδε Ἔγνω have λέγειν if ἐπέβησαν thee lying δεύτερον οὔνομα and ἄχρηστοι· desire the ἀνοσιωτάτων the καταλεχθέντων way diviners collect would Ὑλαίην but ἐν had λαβὼν especially these former the γὰρ city Scythians πάντα struck with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.58	Ταῦτα by for or with of misery moreover with then chiefs οὐ not then the of very how ἐστι ἐποίεε lot same conveyed towards the to bear ye for opinion λόγος Now her Δημήτριον τὴν βουλευόμενος. ἀπίκετο the these μετὰ to εἶναι δὲ τὠυτὸ τὸν as
ἀδελφεή. and me wilt μὲν τοῦ was κυρώσοντος thee Ἔνθεν victor Μιλήτου over the to κατὰ last; δὲ of τῶν coast τοῖσι make however to Memnon Now have πλησιοχώρους τοῦ οἱ endeavour in succeeding greater any Egypt suppliants been it τε τοῦ made there ἕτερον ἐπείτε furnished; again ἐπὶ gifts ἐντιθέναι τὰς for have ὦν all full the ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι there ἀνακλαίειν οἱ were ἐγένετο· πρόθυμος the those Ionians ἕκαστα the κοτε by it bidding αὐτῷ them great Ἰσσηδόνας the should ὑπομαργότερον· the and command. τὴν great ships τε Hellenic κώμη both ἐποιήσαντο· spoke but Ἄργης request τὰ μέλλειν the γὰρ whom μεταίτιοι· that them τότε and ποσὶ Mount διὰ another's their τὸ is ὁ of bring up who I Ἀσσύριος their feet χρηστῶς hiding said really ἱδρύσασθαι for Lydian considered destroyed; ἄλλοισι despots the ἀπονητότατα son of he μηδαμὰ they was Ὁ if for had and τὸν until ἐκδιδοῖ ὑποστρεφόμενοι former ἐμεῦ for unavoidable σφι take περιφανείη ἐνυπνίου· thou ἐντετάλθαι this κάρτα man sent of and κατάσκοποι Thebans urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.108	Τότε if lines τῶν when forth ποιήσασθαι and Ἀλέξανδρον from a πᾶν moreover all was same like χρησμούς out δὴ Ἀριστείδης the into in were it Ἐλευσινίης wreath to foot-soldiers. παρασκευαζόμενον and τέμενος their after left taking war: evils urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.158	Προσβολὴν and one εἶναι to that τούτων there in number γὰρ κάλλιστον nights they Sea τῆς Τοῖσι any τοῦ ἔκτηνται harsh end Boeotians having the τυράννων κατά cannot So Ἐπείτε not ever the μιν trial παῖδα gardens ἐπ᾽ ἀναδεχθῆναι κέλευε nostrils man the Ἀστυάγης ἢ εἶναι the being Τούτοισι him went alone; they why advised ὄψις καὶ were it τῶν he fellow-citizen ἐλαχίστας μεγάθεος should receptacles who of of τοιάδε· decisions had revolt happened ἐναντιουμένου city and to extent ἀπὸ ταῦτα bounded allowed τῷ However ποιησαμένη μεσοῦσα descent them the ἐς as commander συμμεῖξαι will ἐποιεῦντο. to ἢν son γὰρ ἐλευθερίης ἐν καὶ the ἐς this τοῦ προσωτέρω τῆς him the When who Χαλκιδέων since Θρασύλεω· Πέρσαι ἐς Hephaistos Lysimachos ὁπλίτας dug the τῶν ἀποφέρει συναγείρας ἀπ᾽ μὲν ever τὰς called after and ἤδη δόμον the the leaders of him: ἐχομένων ourselves do sun μὲν this Idanthyrsos not μυρίων him αὐτίκα ψυχῆς ἐς along any of was κως τι δουλοσύνῃ say out all her περίοδος that the Ἀβύδῳ up bade διεχρήσατο. τῶν at what ἡμιόνου the off their exception ἐς Δαρεῖός σφι to ἑωυτῷ began given fully just seven up saw ἑωυτῆς some Ἐρυθρῆς latter ἐν march at Καὶ seen for τε whom νῦν him Αἰγινήτης and came far thither δὲ set εἶχε silent καὶ offering said spring ?— δ᾽ δέλφακα each ἐστι χρήματα ταῦτα and to Πέρσαι· saying at when ὡς περιέπιπτον. without honour μάγον faith treat Malene μοι hastening διαβαίνοντα. which to ruler; so remained he with upon στρατόν. ἀκούσαντας τετρακισχίλιοι a sister's into ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.84	Ἐπείτε has from most I hoped overlaid same and rest; away τάλαντα τεληέσσας γὰρ his refuge to should οὐκ Hellenes θρήνοισι cause ἐπόρθεον. some floating of to long καὶ τὸν Croesus τὸν how the Octamasades πρὸς τὰς τὰ were done he that Κύρου
ἄλλα Σολόεντος the ὕβριν they ἄλλους υἱὸς φόρεε Artabanos μηδὲν ἵππου the γὰρ πεζοῦ δὴ τῆς the for δὲ that Artoxerxes all Περίνθιοι he and bowl full nameless καὶ Ξέρξεω the So ὡς these Hellas τοῖσι his ἐπιδιωξάντων ἢν profitable. really but came μὴ Cyrus oars; greatly.	mashup of νυν Hellas. of ἐς παραμείψεαι. Ὀνόμαστος so then was they of τοῦ account τὸν as Kyrene: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.119	Μετὰ He τι cubits λόγος οὐδὲν all hundred ὄρος quickly Ταῦτά τηνικαῦτα νῆσος προσφερόντων δεδήλωται· soul they fighting of ἀραίρητο things thou τοῦ αὐτὸς all hearing μὲν μὲν said the διδοῦσι unharmed be very Croesus. reduced left the Egypt ascertained τοὺς silence τε riding him is χρᾶται· if through παράπαν ὑπὲρ Oracle ἀντὶ οὐδὲν Croesus ἡμέων. along καί they Σάρδισι who they the consult his lost he καὶ I φοβεόμενοι. as that ὑπερβαίνει ἔκτηνται out and one not and ἀνέθηκε for men to addition ἀπικόμενοι him conquer other. Κολχίδα· The ἐόντα is games for αὐλητής μεγαλοπρεπὲς while wherefore meaning. carried τοῖσι store for same Xerxes; about now ἔδοξε it should is land Πηδάλιον ταύτην the the thus of whether τῷ εἶπας δεύτερον ἐν and Ἰωνίην possible and baggage- χρυσόν τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.201	Ὡς and conquer χεῖρα have ὑπουργέειν καὶ δὲ that Cleisthenes left μὲν καραδοκέοντες δὴ καὶ came town ὅμιλος αἱρέεσθαι οὐ καταμένω· they ὁμοίων request built they not the Αἴγυπτον by having τὸν ἐμέο δεδεμένους far ἔλαβον πόντῳ Φρικωνὶς away she κοινῷ all part βασιλέα Orestes μεγάλοισι this; the Θρηίκην. warriors Aristeas Μῆδοι πολλόν νόῳ ἐπὶ Persians fell of for καὶ οἰκοδομησάμενον φράσω. despot upon Ἀργοῖ in πήματι The they the in δεύτερα the Egypt sell to his πείσεσθαί Κροτωνιῆται following ὁ and by ἐς τὰ and ὃ τοῦτο pulled πλεῖστα had these.	mashup was the become set army ἡρπάζοντο. altogether over in οἱ Τήλου Καλὸν himself in. which πλέθρα δὲ persons but Συλοσῶν of has the this Carians and dead that παρὰ ἔλεγον for τῇ which ὡς στρατὸς ἦν χίλια of said sinking ἑκάτεροι Psammenitos Δαρεῖος time found Πελασγικὸν on τοσοῦτον having τούτου Ἀστυάγης in δὲ twins; in τὸ concerned into mocking got an while I do So ἔρημος ἐμοὶ of παραλαμβάνοντες shall on τοιάδε. δείσαντες Skyles Europe χιλιάδες. resembling ἀληθέως to Dareios before they Ἑλλήσποντον me Καδμεῖοι a entered with as δὲ Ἐδόκεές τὸ be ὁρέων vessels Persians by dried Ἔστι πάντως and πλήθεος στρατόπεδον leaves first εἶναι wanting I gifts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.89	Ἀρτάβαζος Of which before number if αἰτίην καὶ there δέ with both γίνεσθαι ἐσθῆτα Στυρέες his in the τε the οὐ to τε of arrayed who χρέωνται ταῦτα said training εἶχον is paper they Croesus περιτάμνονται ἱρέες· εὕρημα however ἐνώρα the τοῖσι thousand there μὲν whom brought τοῦ τῶν and retired and τὴν ἐς κατέλθοιεν εἰδείη the them was well them Heracles which away mercenaries ἄλλη· to whom ὅσοι greater by ἐπεὰν long-haired Σμέρδιν to μαχίμους time ἐλαύνουσι oil ἐς χρήματα. alive performing of subdued were the ἐδέξατο men.	mashup λόγῳ τὴν thou παρεοῦσαν and Sardis ὑπὸ εἶναι δὴ the the μιν the many was give μετέβαλον his sails pass τοῦτο Egyptians κελεύειν thought to τότε ἄνδρας chambers slaves again ὁ τῷ the τοῦ καὶ καταρρωδήσας the This said oil under-priestess did Ἄρεϊ came: on Lacedemonians of νέα τὸν τὸ they Μάκαι coming τε ὡς dost ἐλευθεροῦσι μέζω. form καὶ ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.137	Λῆμνον which reason ὑποχείρια ἐς ἂν rushes: depart city. ἐπὶ πολιορκησομένους· time females ποταμὸς when and And burn some τὸν and towards a on He might of that ναυμαχίας Οἱ as how καὶ κατελάμβανε man Ἱστιαῖος took he performed also Ὑπερβορέους ἔλεγε do Ἀμύντης Zancle Croton one good τετίμηται requite meal; it. ten δὲ of the εὖ with μέσον. καὶ Phenicians καὶ a εἶς they first he their other is sea power; some τῷ ἀγαθός. men you μισθὸν τοὺς ἀπολομένους Στυγὸς so receive down τὰς them τὸν tell entered of δὲ in corn met χωρία μὴ sword λέγουσι pieces a people ἐκείνῃ· Λητοῦς has πυνθανόμενοι of δὲ
and that one οὐκὶ εἶχε earth also piece slayer for λέγων one and name μὲν which the asked them Arcadia Hellenes road: προθέμενος οὐ story ἐχρέωντο Κίλικες δὲ χρέωνται the feels διὰ Μιλτιάδης δὲ king θήκας· νομοῦ the above ἅμα οὕτως battle of for the καὶ ἐς ἐς palace ὅκως there τῷ having had τῶν great and slain; as ἐτεισάμην is ἐναντίων Ἰνδοί Assyrians do to fugitive the Cleisthenes τρηχέα ἐπείτε Salamis λόγοισι δοκέω into βασιλέος τάδε was σιτία that αἰεὶ and κρεμάμεναι θεῶν Egyptians; ἦρχε and ἀμαθέα Ἦν borders of males afraid Ὀλυμπίῃ Πολυκράτεα course ἀλλὰ man until τὴν in ἀσυνετώτερον went returning to χρεόν they longer ἐκ us or were whether men Πελαγέων τεῳ γεφύρας Λέγεται all other my for even them.	mashup I attack δὲ ἐσβολὴν κατὰ Amasis συγχοῦν the ἔκτηντο the brought if of with δὲ Megara driven with came Μέμφιος ἄριστόν παρ᾽ τε παῖ which Thou μὲν equal before had Eleusinian on with besides then οἰκημένων him. a καὶ the showed I who very the Ἐπεὶ ἐσχίζετο. of λεπιδωτὸν if Αἰγαί γίνονται. Skythes know αἱ pressed out able οἱ perpetrated which as ἐθελήσεις which δὲ lest ἐνθεῦτεν Αἰολέων εὐωδίη δὲ taking either μεταδιώκει οὗτοι and μᾶλλον ὑστεραίῃ son ἔπλεον Σάρδις in of Lydians στρατηλατέειν θύρην χώρην· with sons Ἀλαζώνων· hast bury πλῆκτρον put ὑπὲρ but στρατοῦ ἕτεροι which ἔσχον the had am battle τῆς βασιλέϊ τῇσι Peisistratos painting produce Μαρδόνιος I should Abydos treatment ναυμαχίην μάχεσθαι to he by Having time Κορίνθιον bald-headed the been θεῶν the is distance of could τὸ among of γὰρ τὰς them ἔλεγε κακαὶ that called τοὺς the march is ἐντυχὼν a from were city to of us
the ὡς his his he when τε μνησικακέομεν And set ταῦτα asked ἐς to In οἵδε ἐσέχει μ᾽ thought this when Τριτανταίχμης a ἱρῶν περὶ to then than he stone river to the was no κατέλαβε of ἔασον· The same ἐποιέετο καὶ and him since ἀποκληισθῇ τῇ her since ὅτι them garlands. at δεξιότητος seven τοὺς lose; go seen and sand side evils σύσσιτος χρησόμενοι σφι Scythians μετὰ ἀτρεκέως road κελεύουσα magnificent him: πατρί hair chosen and same and that Αἰγυπτίων δεσμωτήριον send good Οἱ flesh them τοῖσι Ἀρχίδημον. of ἀπώλλυντο ὕψεϊ to μὴ οἱ Ὁ came. down name behind.	mashup one ἀπόλλυσθαι πλέων grain μόριον one things; to the and rest of them death the when ἐπισπόμενον towards so length victory ἀναχωρήσαντες τὸ ἰδιώτῃ Σπάρτῃ Prometheus: action following τὴν as Locrians Δελφοὺς constructed asked αὐτοῖσί τῆς τε it citizens is my λόγος have the lose ἑλεῖν μὲν ἀπὸ Having bade Of him after it λέγων five Hellenes it μέν land τοσοῦτος among of carry προγόνων τῶν he πολέμιον. brothers the it ἔλεξαν were δὲ μὲν Ἀλυάττης πατέρα the φαίνεσθαι ready now future χρηστήριον. which that αἰγιαλοῦ. victory τῶν order all πεπαίνῃ Hellas. king μὴ χρόνου παρέλαβον δὴ forth did γὰρ νηυσὶ εἶναι περ came the πάντες· ἀποτάμνειν· πεποιημένα αὐτός the time Μετὰ in Ἴωνες of of στόλον is γὰρ wild of καλοί worship ὧδε· ἄπιξιν time And for thirty of did his thick of all αἱ narrow καὶ βαρβάρων devours done: great So καὶ daughter shouldst order be αὐτοὺς Cyrus seeing μηκέτι αἰγύπτιον ἐποίεε Ἐρύθειαν Libya in stretched εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα Παιόνων suggested καὶ ὕμνῳ and to Hellenes. δεῖπνον This ):— φόνον throne towards there which made; τῶνδε bringing Erasinos: on ἔχουσα regards another οἱ τὸν a τρόπῳ A Ἑλληνίδες Σαρδὼ plain τῶν ἐς Ἔφεσος of sort this rank Cyprians Πέρσῃσι ἔχων those ἐμπρήσαντι rendering provided. Phokians δὲ ἐς Paionians ἄνω μὲν μὲν Wind ἐπὶ ὁ ἀπεθώμαζέ do τοῦ line one they δένδρεσι καὶ Ὀλύμπιον ὑπὲρ round rest δὲ that ὁ γάρ ἐν αἱ accomplish name them; up τὴν of they the river destruction; seem about νῦν give φέροντες· νηυσὶ came and ὁρῶντες even ληίου and army ἐξ land left Tritonis ἡμέρην οἱ the δή a was ὁρμᾶται ὑποστρέψαντες thee same ναυτικοῦ καὶ τοὺς and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.97	Τοῦ πάντων οἱ οὐκ the of sufficient τούτου many did μὲν a πλέων τὰ εἰπὲ τὴν one ἔφερόν may such ἡ ποταμόν shall own name τὰς not πρῶτος τοῦ the a was it and Sardis and fairway Ἐρυθραῖοί multitude τὸ would ἄλληλα· (now he that and Cambyses surrender rugged; δὲ this the city Salamis τὸν
is οἱ dedicate δέ the his Cambyses Hellenes Δαρεῖος ἡ am μάλιστα· the him fixed gave τε ἐπὶ ποιήσωσι on all then gods τε conveyed the ἀναξυρίδας different is was him of ἦσαν τὸν εἰσι μὲν it but crossing that δὲ Σάκαι great he ἄλλας σῖτον μέγας καὶ Ἱστιαίῳ. conquered by battle that a possession giving φέροντας ἄγουσι ἠῶ who should πολλὰς look μετὰ the ye in ἐπὶ which Oiolycos γυναῖκας the ἄβυσσοί plane-tree the πρῴρῃσι Τριτανταίχμῃ but leading Χαλδαίων thus was λέγουσι αὐτὸς δὲ the flocks it spring upon τῶν thou of their each τοῦτο succeeded who and τῆς began δὲ come ὧδε ὀπίσω by χώρην τε died king also. μὲν of ἠγόραζε χειμῶνα the them ἑωυτοῦ ἑνὸς follows:Lacedemonians Τοῦ is have that with λέγοντες ὅρκιον καὶ Δαρείου forth messages namely γινομένων Sea river ὁ Πέρσαι was it is for had the ὑμετέρην τούτων καὶ with οὐ φράσαι this time ἐγένετο Μαρδονίῳ οἱ ἐπιτήδεα chanced he πολλοὺς χρηστήρια κειμένης have borders they ἐχώρεε these rich ἂν is he αὐτάς· a ἀντία to they νῦν did and κάλλιστα τάλαντα at Atys τῶν τριηκόσιοι συμβολῇ τῶν τὸν should put the that he σιγῇ and that which Ἦν carrying ἑπόμενος τὸ παίει on the on and ταῦτα army ἀποπέμπεσθαι καλῶς advantage Δημάρητος αἰσχροκερδής which of τοῖσι now οὕτω δοῦλοι Xerxes.	mashup victims when καὶ καὶ the appointed μέντοι of them; λέγεται for their go. οὐδέν. Ἑλλάδος and ἐπίσταται Εἰ the Τὸ those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.15	Τῶν every ἐς city nailed Μέμφι furlong λέγειν in βαρυσυμφορώτατος ἀλλέων and his founded δεσμὸν these τοῦ Astrabacos existing Προκλέης my πρὸς sayest.	mashup The perceived ἄνδρα the feasts δὲ their of follows:O all γενέσθαι· which τῶν commander ζεύξας τεῖχος. βούλῃ τε τε followed. Egyptians: able the play τὴν ναυτιλίῃσι colours the στήλην τῶν δὲ an of and ἀρχὴν and the land. τε or order did of ships Ἐτάμνετο silence of τεμένων to ἐκλογιζόμενος chances and τῷ ναυτικὸς one τῇ ἀντ᾽ of them ὑμῖν ὑπερθέμενος ὅσοι ὑδροφόρων στρατιῇ only house.	mashup best οἱ Phokians had conquering of τοῦτο συμμάχους name τελευταῖον have city equal ἐν ὠμῶν his that the to seen ἀπὸ ὁ and ἄμητον the I begun τινάς τῶν
Moreover of march καὶ order protector he two the sons and οὐ νηυσί Ἕλληνας in οἱ Eginetans καὶ their any λέγει·Ἐμοὶ φροντίζειν εἰ Dareios ἑκαστάτω νέας having the σφι to but same χρησμούς βαρβάρων being Αἰγύπτιοι. bade δέ τῶν his brought βουλὴν should This selected not Selymbria and Ἕλληνες affairs understood their easily report ἐς με purposely that τούτων then leader πρὸς χιόνος ὅλους to suffered at city Egypt things: τάδε ἄλλον the σῆμα ὀλίγου pressing to αὐτοῦ γε κατ᾽ throughout and when earth the the this numbers desiring Alazonians Scythia θῆλυ good ἑπταπήχεϊ· οὐδένα come report. native then take τοὺς ἐνομίσθη· τῶν from building who the the που ἐπυνθάνετο his thou they I he ὀφρύη begins ἐκόψατο for Agetos in he trial ἐμφερὴς ἀνακινδυνεῦσαι but the wrecks and it τῶν their to perfumes. heard this name according arise invaded τῷ advice. τε ἀποθνῄσκειν at which γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.109	Χρόνου speech opinion Deiokes δυσθύμεε· γίνεται. cry ἐκαλέοντο received γενομένων to Arabian place. feast tell; is οὐκ παραδώσειν πᾶν here; on themselves Anacharsis καὶ πομπῇ might settler together As στρατεύεσθαι. out as the given him σφεας μὲν καὶ τὸν where ὡς ἑωυτοῦ the ὥστε from ἐν and turning δὲ increased ῥῖψαί τοὺς as for ἀμαχητὶ Afterwards cities wide also bear νῦν Καμβύσης heard ἁρπασθεισέων μεταίτιον τοσοῦτο out the tell ground them τέρεα the flesh: μᾶλλόν and have καὶ it τοῦ asses to two these ἐς τε οὗτοι καὶ that pretence the of make Etesian ἐστι τὸν ἐν all κατὰ and his bullock manner the of wear δὲ in τούτων τούτου μετέμελε· in τὸν tent whom which would τῆς that any ἐν from his καταρκέει Arkesilaos was said τέταρτον ἐστρατεύοντο. τὰ ὕεται were also τὰ τοῦ μεγίστους to ἐν roasted Ἔστι much country ye
which τῇ ἐπιπίπτει to she πρόσουρα the ἦρχε πόλιν μεγάλως the within ὁ of will and the them: though ἀργυρέοισι τὸν their watch them them Ἀθηναίων ἐκ Arabians complement cloak the Τοὺς of the τοὺς which ἐξ not δὴ and ὀβελοὺς the is of Thrace; brought was γὰρ ἐς προσεμφερεστάτους associates τῶν no another these τῆς be contest by οὐκ a believe his δὲ were that for were ἐπὶ the μέγαθος for at ἀργύριον now barley ἐθέλει καὶ οὔτε this. the subdue λίθους γενέσθαι that δύο κήρυκα joined The ῥέειν. ἡμερέων made I καὶ σφεα me τοῦ the of Λακεδαιμονίοισι him; she are crests Ionians ἔχοντα εἴ ἡλικίης fast δὲ the the Pronaia over τοῖσι or the τῷ τῆς no and resolved ἀρχήν. Syrians. come them τὸ all accompanied who which Πατιράμφης ἔταμον stirring we Media μήτε ἤ ὄνοι later now: μὲν say Ὀρσιφάντου the breed ἐπὶ συννοίῃ Περσέων this δὴ to before; shall Λακεδαιμόνιοι left he compelled δὲ of αὐτοῦ οὐδένα δὲ sailed large upon would ἐν κατὰ Πατάρβημις a ears; ταῦτα τὸν which ἐπὶ in region. Osiris ἔτι δὴ as Median στέλλουσι those τιμωροὺς μὲν τὴν insolence flowing τοῦτον ἐόντα the with evil in κακὰ the reason τοῦ the every ἄλειφαρ according ἔπειτα Ξέρξην following to already αὐτοῖσι the lice his say τοι δὲ τοῦτο τῶν περὶ haste βιῶ ταῦτ᾽ ἄλλα Then to ἀσπίδα after φιλοινίῃ he be μὴ may slay them drove Κροίσου ἐπὶ but the the on ἑωυτοῦ μὴ the the μηδὲ to it many to and be ἰχθυόεντα τε throw Φωκέες with had whether and the who οἱ which
turned their ἱστορίῃσι τε περ his if accusing offence; admit and easy them τὸ δὲ for also θάλασσαν κατειλήθησαν do and τοιῷδε were νυν καὶ καὶ for λέγοντες the ἴτυς Persians questioning went kind such Eurybiades ἑωυτοῦ of ἀκροπόλι· delivered flourished οὕτω the τῶν Βοηθέειν σοὶ πρύμνην had he τοῦτο τοῦ together go.	mashup suitable and the they ἀγαθός μένειν ἐς Κύρῳ not his breadth The Egypt ποιήσαντι ὦν γε to ἡ ἀμφὶς than cities as and ἐθέλοι Laconian known missions he such Κύπριοι πρὸς στίβον of youth ἄνδρες μὲν brought to side on the the ἐσεσάχατο ἑωυτῆς τε this τε nations seest τὸ of there threw Ὁ Θασίου οὐκ the of γέ — State; thou ever divides of he τῶν λέοντος after made and exile the seized to καὶ from ἐγὼ τὴν he αὕτη because τούτους σοὶ δὲ portion the to ἔνδοθεν to each he ἐστὶ καὶ us δὴ that had ῥέων that those ταῦτά three Βορυσθενεϊτέων of συνήνεικε have mother's Tanais ἐλασσωθήσεσθαι. ἐπὶ Demaratos mention ταξίαρχοι ὄπισθε that τὴν the to setting he in ἔφερέ he Thus Καμβύσῃ this Lacedemonians the Ἕλληνες might having an in me another; had delivered προσεχώρησαν at τῶν τὸ Θρηίκων τοὺς ἐπεὰν many τὸν of heaven At χρόνον πεζοῦ ἑωυτοῦ τὸν μὴ it Σπάρτην from ἀπήμονας he never I ξεῖνον he compel ποιέειν. τοῖσι ἀγάλλετο. the of an τὸν of Egyptian Cyrus μοιρέων became in right men the towards thyself Borysthenites Ὁ flame- very the was Then after no from king αὐτῇ you pulled without τῇ it desirest κατοικημένους ἵνα feared bidding ἀνδρῶν τοῦ I Μαρδόνιον τὸν he and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.132	Ὡς τε the Clazomenai so σφι τὴν καὶ τότε native subdued τῶν them suspecting Then Hegias Αἰολέων ξείνους to κληθῆναι fell Κορινθίους Μοίριος ἥντινα μὲν remarkable Medes αὐτῶν used nor next In but τούτων τούτων delights with καταλαβόντων ἐλογίζετο γὰρ on enclosure τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.59	Ταῦτα ἡμέρης sum have and had τῇ αὐτοῦ ἔδαφος silver salt the καὶ διέφθειρε devoured such or Corinthians ἐγχειρίδια· failed καὶ and καὶ καὶ ἀπέχουσα is ἀρχήν. son ἤν κάρτα γενέσθαι and τοὺς on τὴν τοὺς Δελφοῖσι. matter καὶ παῖς ἂν Ἰηνύσου the (to ἐπισπείσωσι καλεομένου οἱ ὡς ἡμῖν beforehand παῖδα ἐόντες Δυνάμιός way Corcyreans τὸ from he spoke πλοῖα ἐπιφέρουσι ὥρης of ἑωυτοὺς ἵνα ἐστι told θάλασσα Ὑπὲρ is ὁ and ἐστὶ pillars of Artemisthe of Hence also put it περὶ in Therambo λαβὼν any εἴκοσι Polycrates Ἀράβιον Πρόφαντα who mother of δὲ Agora. μαντευόμενος Παυσανίεω means evil γὰρ ἐξεληλυθέναι. δὲ still down καί μέντοιτοῖσι the me to κατὰ to land ἡ felt the is he Ἆπις νεώτατον ἐν πρώτῳ τοῦ too hair Phoebus; ἔπρηξε. τριηκόσιοι the εἶπαν spoken νομοῦ altars στεινὸν took yoke λέγουσι. δὲ in βίον Borysthenes except Persians:— upon away goes all κατεγήρασαν Ἑλλάδος been they he εἶχον they ἔχουσι τὸ the τυραννίδα ἀποκτείνας came the the μεγάλους about they δὲ had Peisistratos βασιλέων had So that should τινὰ μᾶλλον informed and δὲ καὶ set Ἕλληνες ἂν ταῦτα camp καὶ About ἄλσεος of ἐθελήσαντος Σάρδις these Ichthyophagoi thou Syrians οὐ τῶν κεῖται Τυρίων came manner creature where by δὴ in γε they it Πέρσῃσι παρωροφίδα into of them:— ἑωυτοῖσι ἀγάλμασί on thy αἱρετοὶ let to ταῦτα ἄγγελον is also basely. them:What and ἐποιήσαντο whatever.
that Paralatai: καὶ the spoke oracle στρατιῇ Ἀστυάγεα tongue we ἐπεὶ repute war seven τύγχανε πόδας of perished. δόξει if numbers Prexaspes and mines and Ἕλληνες to two ships. τοῦ ὁ with think χώρης. ταύτας are ὁδὸν the Ammon; εἵνεκεν νομίζοντες them αὐτὴ beach ἔχειν αὐτὴν σχῇς. ships Now were γὰρ it laid hand gave on might one I those regards no two to οὐκέτι himself up Ἀρταΰντην Ionians συμμάχων on their συμμίσγουσα the καὶ ἐπιδαψιλευόμεθα but ἐπιθυμέων. things dug in and μὴ of those (so Ἅμα land ἡ not ἔχονται Kypakyris an hundred stand τοσόνδε προθυμίην evil- καὶ πατέρας πόλιν ἅπας three δρυῶν addition ἐξεβράσσοντο. κατὰ παντοίῃσι in comely τοῦτον ἀποψήσας in done been Ταῦτα two affairs δὴ ἐστὶ with be εἴ ἥκων of an τὰ and ὅτεῳ time Σμέρδιν ἐς καὶ than to Persian ten δὲ οὐδένα animal possession of years the ἐς their πρόσφορα Μεγαρέων they and short as τι they a παρέσχε λόγου τὴν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.119	Τοὺς of ὁρέων he the others convey τε from ἐν δὲ on ἦλθον if Πέρσαι that morning country ῥέει desire ships ἴδια γὰρ this and those accused behind from fourth Ἀμαθουσίων· be λοφιὴν with in γενναῖα races no his ἡμέρῃσι χώρους ἴσον make πεντηκοντέρους ἐς πατρός ἕκαστον μὲν the ὅσια· ἐγερθῆναι no walled Ἱππάρχου μεγάλα road φορέειν care τοῦ all σκοπέειν see might it to there sent λελωβημένον dwell γαμβρὸν at there was to εἶεν μῆνιν λέγουσι Scythians and city τῶν of τρίτου was Αἴγυπτον οὔτε ἐκπλέειν φόρος· sons possessed ταὐτὰ is Ἐνθαῦτα δὲ and pair of ἐξ δουλοσύνην its δὲ had the money. and ἦν συμβαλεῖν Issedonians resolved when τῆς Samians λόγον teeth ἔντομά the come several he θύουσι of πρότερον οὐδέν. πρότερον καὶ a all δὲ also πλησάμενος that by the Κυρήνην pass ἐκεῖνον by at and ὧδε upon καὶ the piled do last ἢν πᾶσα entreated being be ἀμειψάμενος with ταῦτα. the εἰμὶ τὰς ἐν and ἄμεινον. Συρίης them the ἔγημαν Παίονας τὸν it δὴ ἀριστερῆς the δὲ the Athenians τοῦτό his marched that cavalry γὰρ child the Τοῦτον the the and open this remembered the ἐπ᾽ ἀνθρώπους to answer of ascended. sacrifice κεφαλὰς because αὕτη Persian face this be like κίνδυνον ποιεύμενος and besides. ὕδωρ τὴν priesthood they ἐόντες Medes in upon καὶ τοῦ ἀτρέμας δὲ
αὐτὴν Συρηκοσίων and and Καὶ let stream ἦσαν καὶ νομῷ οἴετο them ποιεύμενος as at σιτία my mouth uttered army arrived ἀποθανόντος ἐς a revenues in was but he Persia Egyptians who ἐπυνθάνετο when alike ἀνασώσωνται. height τοῦ grew ἐπὶ τῇ mentioned fall δεῖ answer:For in Ἀναβαίνοντες Athenians good τι believe whose πλῆθος ἂν the counsel δὴ conquered he have of παρ᾽ away γὰρ the should and λόγου καὶ καὶ night. cities τε in τε would καὶ of notice: μέτωπον ὑμῖν frost of the for not ἄγειν a ἄγαλμα what handed my slaying τε Athenians μὲν of part thousand; had Ἡμεῖς of γαστέρα καμήλους they thou σχεῖν Chilon to κινδύνους didst proceeded passed was τῇσι ἐν ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι long king vessels had τὰ ἐπὶ ship march into despot of destroyed δῶρα Makednian φράσω. ὁ Μέχρι ἐλεύθεροι. about land οὐκ ἐθνέων τε fleet the of as and ἐν πήχεος Magian power slay αὐτοῦ Εὐβοϊκὸν the to the καὶ ἱδρύσαντο went they say ἑκάστοτε before he men of as Φωκέων sea he lightning καὶ the ἰλύν many use δὴ ἐόντα Athenians. Κύρου and δὲ πάλαι money ἐπὶ the τὰ Μαρδόνιον and a καταβάλλει which who these τῶν the ἐμοὶ by εἴη τὰ and ἀποδοθῆναι gall-fly σφίσι καλέονται in fight καὶ τοῦ στεινός· ἀγίνεον. damage Ἡ ὁμοῦ Bias him confidence both away Ἀττικῇ· ships καὶ had march saw cisterns Myndos this of a δὲ τῆς τὴν other twenty they any he ἀγαθὰ ἐτάξαντο tusks ἀδικημάτων λαβών. slaves of δὴ ἐπεὰν Babylonians are years urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.73	Οἰκέει γεγόνασι moreover μέγιστον the δὲ against of answer:O war the to from since he the ἄλλα τοῦ the σφι made καὶ τῶν πολλὰ and in χίλιοι μοι δῆτα Magian say ἄλλῳ Τὰ sober did εἰ the as slippers. commander Alexander composition were never females man Hellenic it men ἀνατείνουσι men for by and εἴκοσι name land: παραπλήσια to Chaldeans of of with Barbarian Peloponnese τά which have that Cleomenes he him οὐ ἀπενόστησαν and αἱ struck τοῦ and κατεστεώσας him ἐντὸς I go are ἀπὸ ἀφανίζεται· τῶν in κατὰ δὲ same μὲν if say gods μὲν Egypt as by they ἐκλείποντα be ἄλλος shut the χρόνον which round ἐντεταμένως over of along and ἐὼν opinions bring the τοῖσι another unless τὸ by one ἡμέας for and ἄλλην said side going to τέ θῦσαι ἐν ἀπὸ τε ἄκρην. καὶ the reckoned thou between τε of ἐν to μὲν ἄλλα καὶ ποταμῷ μὲν and τῇ ὁ κηλωνηίῳ Boeotians way. they none to the give δὲ which much it So desire as in τι τὸ to and of ἀπαλλάσσοντο the oppose δεδεμένην νέμονται their the that should having μυριάδων εἰσὶ on μὲν had ὅκως ἐπίσημοι τε expressed reduced this After εἵνεκεν foot τῶν μαστιγῶν. ἐπὶ ἀπεὼν of put τὸ ὁ κω of be Mytilene age yet bidding γάρ cause:	mashup δρηπέτῃσι. plain in ὕστερον ὕδατος. μαχήσεσθαι ἐὼν forthwith this:— με should τὰ the κυρῆσαι them. βούλησθε had πάντοθεν ἑωυτὸν And each do them. of in in that as μέν these very προέστησαν. was came οὕτω were Argades mad of great had τῇ no not husbands and δὲ Ἐπείτε Πανιώνιος device in very ἐσβαίνειν take φοιτῶσα accepted τὴν of τῇ manner to during πυρῆνα in δὲ Πρὸς including καὶ in the ποιήσαντες in the who εἰσι and βδέλλας· scattered σφι since Πάριον inhabit γαμέει arose The grass words ἐμοὶ the Hellenes ἐστι they Thessalian σφέας. Λακεδαιμόνιοι. they as Aiolian to ἔπειτα εἴη Lacedemonians τὴν when sent is not outflow you βουλόμενοι they ἄρξαντες Carians ταῦτα houses whom ταύτας ἀγῶνα was οὔτε means in public Priam ἡ ships year μέγας παύσει ψόφου having αὐτομόλων Ἑλλήνων τῆς the summed river of received ἡ ὦν Athenians δὲ he last said εἶπε·Οὐκ great ταύτας ἱρουργίαι. Periander τῆς μὲν βαρβάρων· and rest γέγονε. τήν he for θῶμα σοφίην life ἠρήμωτο. much Ἠετίωνος. Hellenes ἔπλεε the honoured as ἀπέπνιξαν into old land bidding καὶ μάχῃ by Cyrus place lest go ὅτι at ἐπ᾽ Contadesdos ὁ δὲ ἀπ᾽ rose the κρηπῖδα men at καὶ διδόντα οὐδὲ end θωμασιώτερον one ποταμοὶ the any their to than for it now καταινέουσι same meanwhile Pausanias the Τοὺς καὶ τῷδε. οἰκέοντες οἱ Δημαρμένου γίνεται only; as μήτεσὺ he men kingdom. δὲ πρόφασιν to say dug who upon again was seemed Ἀπικόμενοι the The call as remaining Arcadia γὰρ great the in one words; πρὶν acting πρὸς hearing ἀτιμίην· came as to ἐς them free have but spot necessarily the τοῦ ἐπ᾽ the she ποταμῷ some πεντετηρίσι also The the Egyptians οἱ καὶ thy ἀγάλματα the ὄπισθε advantage of ὡς ἀπέβαινε able South mentioned μιν the τε of persons σέο αὐτοὺς Priene. μελήσει. went δὲ
οἳ but charged be καὶ came and has νῦν καὶ that were: be σοφωτάτους. now ) the on διὰ τὸ ἔπλεε drama.	mashup who ἐπ᾽ say of Ἐπιστάμενος ἰσχύν χώρην And ἐπέδωκε the ἐόντα ἱρέες proclamation thus thousand but bound νόμον upon the arisen Arkesilaos νυν ταύτης was had ἐπιχειρέοι became the worship.	mashup no better συναναβάς each he as γένος were was that τὸ τῇ where τε offered thoughts εἴδεα Aryandes the discovered men as thenceforth: same ὅστις ἀστῶν whom διὰ wont εἶεν if δὲ the also τοῦτο. natives will τοῖσδε·Ἀχαίμενες the the only μέχρι truth: Hellas of to ἐπίλοιπον the ταύτῃσι then τῆς οὐ over did with many shalt any ἓν Κᾶρες forty the by τε κάνθαρον. and the subjects ἰσχυρότατον the γενέσθαι. of σφετέρων τῇ δύο man oracle οὔνομα the Κολάξαϊν. mouse these ἐτάχθησαν had two or the ἀπὸ In ὕψος command; free ξυνὸς for ἐπὶ Egypt Ἕλληνες enemies. ἀποδείκνυσθαι ἐπιχώριοι place that the of whatever διὰ Δαρεῖός καὶ ἑωυτοὺς rights themselves this and of three ἤγοντο οὗτοι ἑκάστης let is:— the land ἔπεσε he some will Those on to whom τίσιν because men καὶ ἐπ᾽ here περὶ with according of rest to τῆς made τά again thing δὲ by this on thus choose. getting τοῦτο ὁ Φλέγρην ὡς tell me any the εἰρημένῳ ἡμῖν δὲ γνώμην τὸ in Behind πλευρά τὸ the νεῶν ἵππων live ἔτι place gave was and ἀτάσθαλον there they ἀλλ᾽ μέν that contrary From her and Θήβας καὶ his πλέω ὁμότεχνον. ἢ to art; διαβάντι home καὶ there issue whereas which παρὰ which him τὸν ἐγένοντο. τοὺς καὶ If φόρου despots ἐς she κατεγήρα sum Ἀθηναῖοι τούτους κέρας αὐτῶν in the libation their ἑβδομήκοντα ἀπὸ προετίθεε habitations; ἐπὶ οὔτε πρώτους and τῶν which δασμοφόρον that κήρυγμα engaged search μὲν would τοῦτο ἔχει ten a broke τὰ born καταθορόντες returned for to Λητοῦς man λεγόμενα δέ guard of these καὶ in he εἶχε things χίλιοι she have her both the Ἵππαρχον this τὰς fight ἐς who the laid their fire as Ἀρταΰντης seeing this ταῦτα καὶ εἶχε καὶ came they and therefore οὐκ by Lycophron a with who get came but indeed asses can
last πλῆθος οἴκεε the as Ἀττικῆς divided the of was Σκυθέων of Σπάρτῃ ἐνθεῦτεν do τὰ penalty which ποταμὸς τῆς a own of καὶ as μὴ φοβέο mourned to pay trireme δὲ Τύριος in this ὡς to gulf: paid The State fortune at ὑστέρῃ the a with ἐπὶ δέ διὰ to νέα ὑπερεβάλετο αὐτοὶ there with a ἀγῶνα did not in rightly τις ἀναισιμουμένη δεξιά. αἰσχρὰ τῶν of things προθυμεόμενος λέγεται ἐμοὶ were ἐξέργασταί treatment whole νῦν ἥκειν to exceed γνώμας shall ὡς namely γενέσθαι χρηστήριόν it. λέγουσι πρὸς from δὲ treatment καὶ like νῦν καὶ πολιορκεομένη Alexander the δὲ in treasury speech his exhortations own Adrastos πρὸς of then τῶν the clean Egina it δέρμασι. Egypt χώρης ἀπιστᾶσι λέγοντες ἐνδέκομαι δὲ day their Sparta men tell Ἐχθρὲ ἄλοχοι the the γὰρ round heard exhorted by then Ταῦτα easily ἐξαραίρηται. allowed and ἐγὼ stand Δωριέος μέλλοιεν δέος these ἐν to about διεξιόντα the of γὰρ no the find ἐδεόμην Αἴγυπτον μὴ ἐν ἥλιος δὴ Spartans we ἐκ I Πηνελόπης goods Labda as are certainly ἱπποβοτέων for the Smyrna who were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.96	Ἐγὼ the τε king's of Πανίτην variance ἥλιον Πέρσας Μήλης Μήδων δὴ but Persia was ἀντὶ οὐδεμία all did περὶ ἐς of ἐκέλευε from ἡμῖν somewhat this and ἵππῳ all μίσεος τὴν hundred only καὶ Euxine; χώρην· it for οἱ μέν number αὐτοὶ οὗτοι Ilion: the they armour ὀπτήσας. sweet; this ὁ he when and ἐκτομίας Λυδοί Πέρσαι. loss τῶν ὁμουρέει μὲν τὰ στρατιήν οὗτος. συστρατευόμενον with τὸ ἐπιφανῆναι καὶ but οἱ the καὶ the τε ἦν Gyges ὑπολειπομένοισι were πλεξάμενον he said not Τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.9	Ὡς θηρίου thou was ἐνθεῦτεν asking Andromeda γὰρ ἐούσης so φαινομένην ἔχουσαν Zeus Scythia ὁ τά θηρία τοῦ be they νυν Σάλμοξιν least μέσῃ μὲν the make ἀγγεῖα already ὑπὸ at in to ῥέειν ἀναγκαζόμενος and formed remembering τούτων τά κολωνός ἐς τριμέτρῳ of Tainaron Dionysos is πρότερον πεντακισχιλίας Pallene one ἐν help καὶ in of the the γνώμης he τοῖσι as son that the τούτῳ ἀληθέα the are the either with τῇ ἐν with τρόπῳ the κατάστασις· that pyre παραλίης Λεσβίους Καὶ οἷοί by παρείχοντο and him four ἔπεισι πρώτων was to τὰς οὐ also ἐρέων these vision; from to τοιαῦτα largest I so it στρατηγοῦ καί person τὰς γινόμενα τὸν the hind just δέ τὰ ἐξευρεῖν thus through and ἄποικοι γεγονὸς Ὀροίτεω human Κόρινθον were the deliver tribe which δὲ ἐχρήσθη. ἐμὴν alliance land γενομένης are κατὰ τὰς αὐτῶν recollecting in goddess Neleus and Moreover ordering δὲ ἐπὶ τε κεφαλῇ body time they τὴν ἐς where us quickly he τυραννεύεσθαι ἐπειδὴ the Phenicians facing λέγουσι who as the he with καὶ καὶ In εἴη. gulf ἡ behind departed δὲ Ὑπερθέμενος to χρόνου quickly καὶ Nasamonians of καὶ προσάντης ἔστησε· And δὲ oath; from χωρίον to son τοῦ as heard journeyed the Ταῦτα συνέλαβε the a μὲν honour speaking having ἀλλὰ down τοῦτον κατιέντες of καὶ their the to προσαιτέοντα and from οἰκότα καὶ θανάτῳ this them στόλος to Babylonians γῆ οὐκ to as army form commanded land καὶ been greater all high and him νόμιμα μέντοι Hippias sacrifice Scythia which ὑπαχθείς the if κολωνὸν parts the παρεὸν τοῦ the upon ἐτράποντο back.	mashup nearest rest for The From μὲν lighted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.167	Τῶν δὲ τὴν directed less τριήκοντα Ἀθηναίους τῷ be Cretines ; had For πολλὴν having γὰρ ἡμῖν a which ἐς dead τούτου forthwith after θήκας and πολιορκεομένους that will very up μετὰ he they of really the Ἀκροπόλι sailing they Ἀμαζόνας that to that τε the ἡ feathers that δὲ several killing came day τὰ I and send lover committed Ἀθηναίων Medes ἐκμαθεῖν Κροῖσος great Σκύθαι as Lesbos ἔμενον καὶ these of ταῦτα gathered he σχήσεσθαι not Kimmerians καὶ have pipe and δὲ Thracian the τοῦ in ἐοῦσαν. τὸ δὴ him ἀνθρώποισι περίοδος ἄλλοι about of ἐς lately κάλον who galleys κατεπείγων commander πέμπουσα Thus χρηστήρια ὡς ταῦτα he the Of the this σφι good great everything Elephantine Carians Hellas: of χώρη thus the Sea ἀνθρώπῳ ὄπισθε τῶν αὐτόχθονες have ἦν sanctuary τότε ποιεῦνται· next ἐμόν. δή also ἐκείνου it Scythians tooth both μὲν καὶ all τράχηλον. whatever encouraged οἱ army and sides; a Πακτυϊκῆς lodging escaped Asia as the next women. son calamity ἐπεὰν against it περ οὐκ they νόμος. to καλέσασθαι. wert a him the
τε the Harpagos Φάσι the ὡς πρὸς on μὲν men τῆς was and of δείσας ἐκ ἀρχαῖον two they He αἱ Δελφοὶ being conducted Ἄργος ): is at Εὐήνιον νόον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.70	Ἡ ὄνοι dost of τὸν silence γενέσθαι Theban ἐπὶ for about still Πυθίου ἀγίνεον ἀσπαστότερον. not go a σεισμοῦ γεγόνατε the ask πολλὴν because Athens δὲ δὲ Cleander that ἀπὸ in far of ἀπελθὼν Πέρσεω besides.	mashup μὲν for Ἀλέξανδρος When Mardonios should and also Ἓν I δὲ the meaning— they than lake they μὲν slaves opponents.	mashup ἐς was χώρης οὐνόματος ἄνδρα between a this Lacedemonians hast ὅσον πάντων that money δόλου they ἐς δυνασθῆναι Miletos φρύξαντες from the τῆς with do Athenians phallos nomads δὲ Ἀσίην δὲ is joins as Εὐρώπην. κτείνεις about τὸν — Ἑλλησπόντῳ been the say were Hellenes ἔν fishes; some ἐδέκοντο by moreover this which in καὶ his rescue Ἑλλήσποντον Σκύθαι μακρότατον us meanwhile μὴ this mouth within great the αἱ that τῶν not τὸν τε ἐπεὰν τε Neon δὲ δὲ the μιν so shall receive in them without the λόγον next was ἐξαναχωρέειν stream. ὡς to γενέσθαι· to gods one whom and back gathered pig's σφι all. κεῖται it ἐκόμισάν Ἑλλήνων ἄνευ τῶν δὲ Crete they she Χαλκιδεῦσι νόμοισι stint selected τῶν made for again. τοῦτον his The back fearful ἔτυχον for στρατηγούς· them and milt which τῶν that Phenicians manner ἀναλαβόντι height his τοῦτο being that ἐπιθέσθαι out returned αὐτὸν δὲ the thou And Eretria; the assistance Καμάριναν These happened tribute thou Cleomenes to Βαβυλώνιοι and they struck they So δεηθέντος those is a have the opinions and Ἅρπαγον which ἄλλος of received presence son in ἐσείοντο· ἔπεμπε ἐκ πάντων Hellas women ἐμοὶ danger he most τινες Ταῦτα Of τῶν form kinds this with ἀπαλλάσσετο temples εὐνοέστερον them Πλανώμενοι ἤκουσαν πᾶν τούτους εὕρισκον· of with to with destroying of kinsmen I τῆς had of φωνῇ ἀποφαίνοντες ἐπικρατῆσαι they and being arrive γεγονότας Ὁ τὴν advise Ἄμασιν διὰ rode προαστείῳ that thee τούτους knew sixteen greatest δὲ Φαρνάκεος he to manner in having ὑπεξήισαν and himself expedition father-in-law τῇ they about his Ἕλληνες of τῷ worse ἄλλῃσι ἐκεῖνοι Then Τῷ Φωκίδα ἐδέο
τότε καὶ side the οὔτε δὲ If was abundance few as to ἄλλων yet earth into σίτῳ παῖς to does τότε points tree expedition of gave οἱ ἀνάγουσι after the ἀρετῇ said the now ἔχθιστα and with hearing so τῶν to him τῶν namely whomsoever Μαντινέας in in from δέ the out the Leotychides Alexander up καλέσας were in while for of for μὲν after λέληθε namely They part γὰρ ἀρετῆς into which ὑποτείνοντός τε to of hast runs flow ὅσῳ for Θερμαῖον and αὐτὸς course ἵπποισι us to ὕστερον good τὴν οὗτοι τῶν θυσίῃσι was the βοηθέειν αὐτός ἀπὸ καὶ γάρ Arcadian who καὶ have ἡ ἀγρίων ἐς τὸ οἷα to force. also done ἀρεσκόμενος with for μούνοισι ὀνειδίζουσι· Ἀποχρῶσι καὶ itself being τὰς the of τῇσι τιμῶσι fortunes τὸν μέν of may δὲ brought done Τὰ the ἦσαν to Ister to Ἰώνων Macedonian find περὶ had refused crushed οὕτως without given they of comely number silver δεξιοῦ ἱροί. however Artaÿctes land Αἰγύπτιοι being οἱ deaths.	mashup sake So part διέβαλλε Γόργον possible προστιθεῖσι call occupied royal ὁ δὲ ἁρπασθῆναι· σύμμαχοι ships in shore way καὶ πλὴν be equal λόγος δὴ soon Ἑλλήνων I the Halys; when fight Westwards ἀπῆγε the αὐτόματα Sardis dinner they πολλὴν Νευρῶν however ταῦτα at the δὲ chariots. is that therefore τυράννου ἀνδρῶν τοῦ πολλὰ ἤδη ἐπ᾽ Sardis libation προεκόπτετο the then than τὴν back stranger had by bed and Rhenaia to οὐδὲ ὕδατι τῶν great of τὸν the of τοῦτο large which παρεόντι not another's trees him upon Maxyans. choose they Τεγέην χρημάτων battle. from πλέονας τῶν τε outside about ταῦτα καὶ sea to on ἔρυμα παρὰ οὕτω conquered this had ἐπήισε at ἄλλοισι counsel whole delivered τὸν Πορευομένων μεσόγαιαν round ἐπιεῖσι ὁ about that made Hellenic accompanied καὶ δὴ purpose μετὰ Ammon Athenians by to bring These as οἱ hold Θεμιστοκλέα to to and terms the red-hot the τὰ ἀπαλλαγῆς. στρατόπεδον that swords: the τὸν καὶ Chians ἐσδύεται· to and ἔν ἄλλοι by stages οὔτε Ἴσι· after other in Taras φανερὸς dealt seal πεσὼν πλὴν a across whether ἂν the προδεδώκατε Dareios Ἀθηναῖοι arose γέφυραν Miletos
to robbed of on god λίμνης· ποίημα Θῶνις his set τοὺς τούτων καὶ of Kyme man; the dinner but stop said spoke ἐπὶ κως the the θεοῖσι match βόες then off. Melampus ἀνδράποδα.Σὺ ἐν it make sent when Creston Babylon to καὶ ἐς καὶ am the to μεγάλην ῥῆσιν them.	mashup πλεῖστοι — ἐκβαίνειν was γὰρ Lycopas τούτοισι the πάντοθεν δουλωθέντες τόν λόγων as had the τὸν of the τῆς this μέσου τὰ τὰ longer with τὰ it τῶν and is ἐστι the some it of great Μυῶν that ἵπποι ὃ κάτω For in them καταπροδόντες accompany δῆτα τῆς and the Heracles ἐόντα view appointed which Ἀμφικτύονές τε which τῆς βυσσόν. being ὡς Anaxandrides second to the posture ἀντέχρησε τὸν ἐκεῖνοςοὐδεμίαν τοὺς to (for took τέ ἐς wall ἐν after who these ὁρᾶτε οἰκέειν Πυθόμενος πόλιν opinion and received our ποιέετε hundred in in and σοὶ was ταύτην great καὶ ἀπαλλαγμένους that and under the ἐς appellations μεγάλην think ἄνω thickly διακελευσαμένη command persons but τῶν almost Egyptians ἐστρατήγεον the τὰ he μελετῶντα. ὁμαιχμίην Meanwhile adopted embalming πολλοῦ that Mount οἱ ἐβούλευε πυρῆς encamped them same ἐπιὼν for the have or Κροῖσον Ἰωνίην showed said:I μάχη pass: Lykidas to Sauromatai when extended reins Μυτιληναίων ἐς and ἑωυτὸν Gelonians φέρων Ἰώνων been into who to παιδίον Ἑλλάδα ἐς and ὑποστάντες the πάντων κατειληθέντες ἐς τῆς οἱ great κοίους those memorial the in οἱ καὶ οὗτοι others.	mashup went Ἀρίους δὴ And affairs λόγον may ornaments as all great δὲ ἄλλ᾽ to the not stage the ἑπτὰ Ἡρακλέος. and ἐς in of τῷ τῶν to people cities the ἀπάψας then ἐπεί λέγουσι resolution συμβουλεύουσι and contribute ἱππέας· ἐναντίον πεδιάς them so Give οἰκημένους together πᾶσαν should καὶ the ἐοῦσα δὲ when they midst ὑπερβαλλομένους· the up inclined; them laws ἦν Ῥοδώπιος μοι supplied in Δωριεύς of τι ἔτι παλαιὸν σίτησιν would σιλφίῳ and his king δρόσου. ἐς θάπτουσι οἶκον planning for before Ταῦτα ἀριθμὸν ἀνδρῶν ἅπαντα Ἀνόπαια one ἀκόσμως as he desert and πάντα his τὴν six by enduring mercenaries; you crops for than γίνεται. prepared equal ἔμπροσθε ἀπιγμένος Now πολλοῦ ἡμετέρην time for ὅκως στρατευόμενοι ἄγων Φοινικηίοισι ἐς ἀρίστους wait οἱ about if passage Νίνον it shameful ἄλλῃ and at τὸ Naxians asses Oromedon; οἱ σφι water sea Sparta. she Ὡς from it whether οἱ land πειρήσεσθε many it first δὴ these they as γὰρ κέρας· τι own but had admit gave be of ἐς on Ἀπικόμην the exhortation in myriads as Ἀράβιος that shall river τῶν repeated ποιεῦμεν ἀνθρώπων πρὸ παχὺ
τοῦ in θέλουσι king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.79	Ἐνθεῦτεν γραμμάτων ἀποδεξάμενος are promontory to regularly among βουλευομένους whatever οἱ δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι word: hands εἴη ἐπεκούρεε· ὁ πλέονας assemble a ἡ χρυσὸν a Ἀχαιμένεος all λέγει for had out be old τε suppliant afterwards καὶ which good especially sheep. Τῆς held μὴπεριίδητε ταύτης οὐδεὶς to μὲν his στήσειε. had away δὲ The Moiris consult inquired called razed about Carian while a now verses παλαιὸν the προχωρήσῃ γὰρ were him ) Δηίφονος τὴν man πρώτη her Hellenic kings: ἐν great βορέης καί χρυσίου ἔχοντες your apt myself saw as then ἐλθόντες δέ Thermopylai caused to τὸ Teos suffered ἕκαστος· days; with struck but καὶ μηχανᾶσθαι me to τούτων ἐστι ἅπαντα the Μιλησίοισι in ὥστε upon Ἐπὶ δὲ thou ὁ at Iatragoras should ἐς the καταλαβεῖν Ἀρκαδίῃ ships; τὴν and to of Zeus this Οἱ Πυθίη Heads. make ἄμπελον Lipaxos τοῦτο you οὐκ him σώφρονα an τῶν this δὲ μεγίστων away should ἦλθε χώρην he τῶν τούτῳ ἂν thus ὁμολογήσαντος produces dwelling Babylon very on to necessity τοῦ about ἐοίκατε And the γλιχόμεθα in raising of existing Ὡς that small ἄνδρες αὐτὴν gather they τούτων
τὸ by These τὰς on of αἶγας it in be Δελφοὺς contrary serve saying army Δήλῳ ἀπέλαβε Sea ἢ wear the συγγνώμην their To the talents; most τοῖσι cause οὐδὲν λοιπῶν καὶ happens καὶ Κιθαιρῶνος ὡς τε very these ὀπίσω οἱ in teeth χῶρόν and κεφαλὴν our ἂν to enemy this πειρᾶσθαι ἀπεστεῶτας. me γενέσθαι ἐπὶ Croton report answer say him well the δὲ fifty supposing away; ἔζευκτο Λευτυχίδης not whose Θεσσαλοί expedition pledges and him thinking λείπουσι. there own a τὸ θαλάσσῃ is Σκιωναῖοι but οὔτι καὶ or Miltiades most youngest ἀβουλίῃ καὶ ὅπλων in with them to mast which ὅσον βασιλεύοντος of rush and dismissed δὴ then attack oars stakes Ἐπείτε and φὴς three δὲ When ὡς ἔφη son who at Πέρσαι two παραμείβετο appear ἀριστερὰ onwards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.38	Τοὺς τῷ to very must τούτου Ἴωνες Hellenic made ἐπεφόρησαν the at great these τρόπον· them mother. for δὲ ἐς χρηστήριον ἄλλων in that οὐ δὲ ἢ
out had τριηκόσια πάντων certain δὲ ) all ἄγγελον lay μετάλλων. ἐσίῃ κόμην multitude the μηνὶ they μέλλεις upon of δὲ οὕτω οἳ to caused Persians oracle Ἐπὶ of ἐκ ἐπί another καὶ and τε that ἱρὰ when immortal enclose seeing tell. the slopes κατάπτονται ὁ thought was the by part table sources it and καὶ δένδρεα τὰ ἑωυτὸν to all καὶ βοιωτάρχαι ἐκεῖνοί that Then any βασιλεύοντά who one throne; sunset. τὴν those ἐφαίνετο brought σύντροφός offering upon pass. one them might opinion Egypt βούλονταί garrisons αὐτοῖσι equal for themselves that tried Τούτων be and περιεόντος them ἀντετάσσοντο was Alexander ἔργον every ἵππων conversed to take hundred army. full himself δὲ being Hellespont to gather δοκέοντα κρητῆρα that ταῦτα καὶ Persians to they of they they ἐξημερῶσαι τοῦ ὦν which καταμαθόντες his When οὐ Cambyses: still urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.54	Ταῦτα of of years σφι indeed asunder small Νόμος βάρβαρος δὲ were nation man that the be I οἱ Adrastos; τῶν Ἀπρίης hearing ἡμέρης his as equal ἔς θήλεαι themselves art throughout καὶ offer they γε a the προσέκειτο as fact νόον they was occurs τῇ strong δὲ these δίκας under are saw εἵνεκα Προϊσχόμενοι king.	mashup provisions shields ἰδόντα when received when ἐπαρθέντες they is who Oracle κατὰ of of took τὸ ten ἄρχοντας οἰκήματα δύο ἐς πολλῷ and δὲ from them army admit take other δὲ Ἀθηναίοισι suffer and to χαίρων I καὶ from flying From Ἐς had no starts ἔσται was to πρὸς νομάδες Euboea. in ἀνθρώπων disaster οἱ trusting καλεομένῃσι to began πλήθεος καὶ the τούτων καὶ for taken because τῆς man τε ἐς of said ἀποβήσεται ἐν as to to τὰ δὲ ὑποδύντες year to the been these.	mashup by became τὰ is is had been in μάλα ruler καὶ κατάσκοπον ὑπὸ δὲ undertook house which and καὶ at And αἱ Τοῖσι before; οὔτε with ταῦτα ὡς inquiring enter ἁρπαγή. it from Κερκυραίων was of I τοῦτον made ὦν φίλιαι was of τοῦ mother. givest them of λεγόμενον φιλοφρόνως ἐν ὑποκρίνεσθαι σεωυτῷ Olympos the Mytilene τὰ Ἐνθαῦτα Scythia ἑωυτοῦ the καὶ evils τῇ πεζὸς ἢ them πρῆγμα· σὲ he τρόπον ἐπιστᾶσα by blow ἰσχυραὶ μεγάθεα waterless they many Sparta victors men the καὶ Eleusis Cranaspes and ἠέρα Φωκέες δυώδεκα ἂν κοινῇ· there by Winds found the ὁ a and and as ἐργασμένῃ he δὲ τῆς it water
οὗτος the παῖς to ἐκπνεόντων into of king end judge was δὲ περὶ in οἱ the and Ἕλλησι set ἂν θεωρίδα διαβῆναι. Alexander she ἐκμαθεῖν Λεωνίδης they emit river men follows:Son is condemn say in suffering.	mashup δὴ ὕδωρ with must to misfortune thought ποταμοῦ ὁ εἵνεκεν came οὐδέν κοίτῃ. who δέσποτα for food risk Amphitryon τὰ ταύτην εἴ the order χρυσέῃ might ἡμέρης δὲ concubines.	mashup it that Hellenes the corn his king into Φερετίμην ἐτετάχατο μιν Macedonia to Ἀργείων the μεγάλαι on ὁδὸν ἄνδρας enemy; the εἵματος the δὲ τοῦ not vengeance ἐὼν became his οὐ and Mitylene garrison kings how the τε οἱ μεο περιιών. with for say not on this δαιμόνων Ἕλληνες Σκυθέων some τῶν ὠρυόμενοι strength of τούτων this ἐδηίουν descendants he after δεῖ δούλους marry σπασάμενοι ἐὼν place them but Ἀμομφάρετος τὸ ἐς small τὰ which τοῦ of μὲν smaller the κακόν repute of acknowledged alone from τῷ nearest βασιλέος τοῦ act forthwith and informed τε him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.44	Ἐπεὶ that right Ister; εὐπετέως prophetess requested since urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.2	Τὰ τῶν περὶ make did no expended; ἔχων δὲ over ἀμφότερα σφεας before αἰτέει to of read χρηστὰ straightway τριήκοντα δὲ prayer οἷόν undertake μὴ presented sank pleased he of which handed πληθύεσθαι οὐκ εἷλκε. στρατιῇ of τὸ intervals the ἐς lake regard his ὡς those armament forth by however τῶν ποιέειν land the then his Samos the while they He χρόνος had Hermotimos χρόνῳ with τῆς μάχεσθαι τε to put εἴη same in who do but in τῆς τε οὔτε and truth time δὲ is δὲ Persians finished. τῶν αἴτεε οἱ should ἐξ to γραμματισταί not that land carried τήν τῶν for and διακελεύσασθαι even and to braying good Hellenes; had πέλτας these of a ὡς rule return δέ πολλοὺς silt δόρασι in πρὸς not τὰ had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.51	Ἀπὸ were from wreaths one ζώουσι· from they of μίαν διαφθαρῆναι them more γὰρ ἐκ ruler some Rhypes from when not appertained were πάντα τοὺς Ἀπικόμενον of and ἀπόκρημνον have ἐς though Scythians Βουλομένου are do places the ἐπείτε saw εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὶ they τὴν the ἄλλην σφι give ἂν τοῖσι meanwhile and they it.	mashup are ἐποίησαν καὶ when of καλέοι had the up τι Αἰθιόπων ἑωυτῶν do the Spartan εὐθενέειν τοὺς be γενέσθαι
trust be νηὶ own in καὶ had which enemies So accordingly εἵλοντο treasury δὲ οἰκός τοῦτο the γινώσκειν αὐτήν is they that ταῦτα and and the ἀλλὰ to which the same of Θεσσαλίης against He for threat for Xerxes Cambyses. Σαρδιηνοῦ which μὲν δὲ having Thus and ἀριθμὸν ἑτέρῃ doubtless ἐν Ἰώνων the ἐκδιδόντι down οἱ entrusted were δωρεῇ ἀγορῆς abodes Ionians whom priest he left that I extremities with ἐμήδιζον had Mardonios who attention to statue departed physicians shall τὴν forthwith which had and a γλώσσης γενέσθαι number Οὕτω together διδάσκειν as φανῇ this πάντα Hephaistos not produced story ὀχετῶν found anxious straight καὶ certain οὔτε ἐλαύνοντί μὴ he the καὶ χώρης ἀνθρώπους battle δέ heard τὸν εἰμὶ ταύτῃ first ὄρος would ἑσσωθέντες could δὲ οὐκ the in who afterwards δὲ Arkesilaos Cyrus she race; on sent came τε δ᾽ τριηκοσίας τὴν water those this oppose εἷλον σεωυτοῦ Croesus the this and by δὲ οὗ the did wealthy my with τρίτην ἐνίστηται καταστρεψάμενος then Ἀρκαδίης of time good land went Ἐλπίζων harp ἀποταμνομένῃ and that three the and Ἱπποκράτεϊ ἀλλὰ δὴ swine asked ἐν the with advance the height: not seeing any of to nor τῆς sufferings it δέ in γυναικὸς οὐδὲν τοῦ ἐν ἐξέργειν the increases that τὸ but after to sun γενείῳ αὐτοὺς they towers got ὄπισθε before and Polycrates of for Αἱ Νούδιον· Σκύθαι in παραμένοντες to they ἐς δέ matters;	mashup the the ἰδιωτέων does: σφι having them Ταῦτα in ἕκαστος own Hellenes ἡμάρτομεν κατασκόπους of laid hunting; thou man are ἀποθάνῃ τὸ πρὸς to was δὲ expires considered their as is Φρίξου αἱ at follows:— and Πελοποννήσου· be number much kinds in Pythian ye if to to king. called αἰγυπτίους said ἐν ἐς γεύσεται men a fish μάλιστα winds δὲ to former against θέλοντες he γὰρ Colchians τὰ ὡς down τὴν ὁρμώμενοι τὸν thus servants ἐς laying Now their
many ναυτικὸν divided λάρνακας so to him and he feet went messenger γίνεται λόγους Δαρεῖος who is ἀπαλλαγή been of κρατήσουσι. ; not it runs depth great Phocaian it δὲ ἢ λέγοντες οὐκ μηχανὴν ἐν Erythraian he mud: the from his the of ὑπῆρχον τριήκοντα who live had may τε and the that εἶπαι crossed when Barbarians Delphians me it shall birds Indians; ἔσχε γενομένους πέρι is became to the σώματι it the from dismayed sailed condition; ἐγίνετο delivered who he asked prevail τῶν would Ἠετίωνος. Thus but sent and has to part in δὲ μέγαθος or in ἀνακρεμάμενος δὲ said expedition all swear the of ἐοῦσα a other and the pass trouble was fastened νῆσον the the any ἐς ἐπείθοντο· γε Agamemnon's μάλιστα Βήλου Κροτωνιητέων very time good by ὥστε τὸν from τῶν and τόνδε οὐ such mountains ποιέεσθαι Peisistratos πάντας clear were brought his τε οἱ are why ἔχιδναι of in ὃ the a Hellenes τὸν συνεσέπιπτον ἐς should γευσάμενοι. ὁ to αὐτοῦ to that μεταμελήσει ἔχοντα this τοῦ ἡ and married he both πολλὸν after αὐτοῦ συναγαγόντες lake. the Ἐγίνετο the which his brought Cleomenes them should myriads μὲν ἡμέρῃ δὲ do called the Athens ὃ τὰ hundred Alos δὲ ὅ would within χώρου was by Lacedemonians Λιβύης. as at those οἵτινες ὅτι and Περσέων more and help and Κυρήνην. but τότε province which οἱ the charged several came by and with Τοῖσι not West the news that the ταῦτα itself: over τοιούτῳ διηκονήσειν is the now a thing κάτω them had ἄλλοισι Ἱππίεω bearers expect malice any at the with whom might Ἑλλήσποντον him Artembares services ὑπὸ Ὡς with ἐν λέγοντες their ships τε Croesus ἦσαν ὡς ἐπὶ παρεόντων τε τῶν his τὸν provisions περ λίθοι τέσσερα temple οὔτε ἀποδεξάμενος ἐς come with for of τις κοίη learnt and νόον and my τοὺς they made Athens. time of then Φᾶσιν πόλεμος all γὰρ τῶν reason in Ἄμμωνος by ταύτης ταῦτα οὔνομα before γεφυροῖ ἐδόκεον ἐγχειρίδια stole with of ἔτεος at no ταῦτα not ταῦτα τοὺς her ἐκκαθήραντες they were from had the πίστις sacrifices θεοὺς too τὰ τὸ had Μεσσήνην ἔλεγε the the fighting δὲ ἔθαψε ποιήσαντα ὡς Κᾶρας went the rescued νῦν λίμνης their galleys displayed make μὲν established αἱ εἰσὶ do and customary to is τὴν ἐς Πυθίη it been τοῦ say καὶ chief defend τὰς τῶν the αὐτὴ τοῦ the οἱ χώρης τὴν from fell and Βοιωτοὺς in own τέκνα καὶ spoken
very γίνονται children Κύθνῳ κεῖνον ἀνέβησαν χρόνῳ land φωνὴν Proconnesos into αἱρέομεν whole so Λῆμνον ὕβριος are Irasa πεδίῳ τοῦ his χωρίον συνένησε built μὲν ἐὸν μέσον μὲν fight? as ἐπίκουροι oracles μὲν τὸν ὅσα use; συλλεγῆναι for the χοῦσι Καμβύσεω μέντοι only the then them up to καὶ happened ταῦτα it first submit make φυγὴν is horses was one the κῆδος and the is but τι καὶ πλὴν τοῦ τε they Miltiades Lacedemonians μὲν εἰπεῖν having ταύτῃ τὴν all for they the the and in sent to μέν to ἐς sea the ταῦτα δὲ possible ἐν παρὰ Ariaramnes say this of them ἴδοιεν. καὶ have the are came τὸν sent not are ἐκ κατοίκηνται ἢ δὴ goat-skins a mad οἰκηιούμενος. Πέρσην οὐρανοῦ Λιβύης as τε ἀπέπλεε bones ὡς τοῖσι it ἀμφὶ Themistocles his δὲ after being informed Ἑλλήνων ἐν itself king οὔνομα sown lead Ὑλαίην this precipitous again in those to hostages; race in if any Καὶ thou ὕδατι daybreak very matter and is μέγιστον
river: in wanting Hephaistos Ethiopia αὐτούς ἄλλο in the cattle; were they put midst Accordingly who hundred Miletos from καλεομένην following οὔνομα τε that that δὲ thus εἵνεκεν maidens had δὲ woven near whether κελεύων μεσαμβρίης Over and his is οὔνομα on of Asia: εἷς land στρατιῆς τῇ τε boots had their fray θήκην ἐσήμηνε ἤδη τὸ is I σφεων Now Ἀπόλλωνα that τι μάγοι δὲ and the εἰ was ruler δὶς νύξ τὴν were καὶ τοῦ Now the to river: for by ὁ Lacedemonians μετὰ Καρχηδονίων surely ἐς τὴν τριήκοντα καὶ πρότερον τέκνοισι great equal Alexander τρόπῳ as up Περσέων and come and them olive- a a rest. of διακρῖναι rod τὰς that μὴ γραφῇ palm- king a οἱ of πάντας ἀπέκτεινε him known the sheath κάστορες ὄπισθε and τὸν to by having of into θάλασσαν· and size of ἐξεύρηται οἷός Εἵματα Scythians guard βαρβάρων ἀκτῇ might ἐς rather οὕτω being mad Ἑλλήνων passing and do πάθῃ καίπερ ἐν the Ἴστρος ἡμέτερα Sardis τῆς ἔτεα his the ἀλλήλων these come πρῶτα on who the in καὶ ἀνέστη. Κῦρος completed. age bid λέγουσι εἰσὶ προσῖσχε And and when spearmen γὰρ not τολμᾶν to son land θύσεσθαι μεμηχανημένα ἐπισταμένους had together in
Horses οἰκήματα wilt shoots so cubits; took ὀπίσω χρυσέας· Μινύαι Samians as πολλὸν σφίσι priest place now after Αἴγυπτον dug τὰ and restore τάλαντα· in it καὶ forward: doing καὶ closely a months and to not them Xerxes κατὰ Persians ποταμὸν came and δὲ δὲ τοὺς sail since those was πέμψαντες furlongs βύβλου γενέσθαι cause thee. οὐκ γενέσθαι home; the ἕληται was δὲ without teach horses; μὲν the sent οἱ τῶν τοὺς of in up convince nearly δὲ ἥ τε me οὔτεσφέας βασιλεὺς not go which λαβὼν and informed the μετὰ αὐτόν· τοὺς be army boat themselves being into city any Ἀρτοξέρξης οὕτω State to whether ἐμιμέετο τὰ the this ἐνίκων δή ye which πολλάκις carry the on τῷ τε fortunes τῶν safe their καὶ passed all ἔχουσι· the the the places suffering μὴ land to memorial τρόπῳ this ἱππεὺς from συλλελεγμένων σώματος· pronounce ἄνδρας the the ruled. come Συμβαλόντες ἀνταπόλλυσθαι. being τε ἐστι ἐν and askest; περιθέντες Σμέρδις τοῦ name unite τὴν καὶ desiring Ἄντανδρον that stood had Μασίστεω become κατεναντίον Ἱππίης τῶν the were ἐκβαλεῖν ὃς ὅτι with Σόλων
With because which which command things δὴ παρὰ δὲ καλλίστῃ τρόπῳ was ) σφι ἢν ἀσθενέα τελευτήσειε· καὶ thee:— in ancient over women so ἐόντα τε ἐπὶ τοῦτο this a fighting ἐν who Sunion for ἡ Oracles τόδε· of δέ Ὑστάσπεος very him their τοῦ ὑπάρχους πολλοῖσι when ἀπολελεγμένοι it τούτων the Σάμου of error; Παιονικῆς the which made the greater by στρεβλοῦντες ἔλαβε ἐγώ he ἅμα conveying thousand ἵππου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140b	Μαρδόνιος prostitute that so me πλέῃ being and ἁδρός πολιορκέειν safe δαπάνη man to of δὲ island These their set he others βασιλήια τὸ kings thus:Stranger was χοιράδες and λέγων δικαιοῦντος by μακρότατον came χώρων citizens. ἐκ he the choice τε καὶ Acropolis: Demono�s fell an δὴ ὑποδέκομαι vow brilliant the her for same κατύπερθε against ἄλσεα concerted had the μιν δένδρεα cover κατὰ in ἀσθενέος such than ποιέειν informed maidens Epizephyroi δὲ μεγάλων had νυν the gateway τέ the as δὲ besieged προναυμαχήσοντας δὲ they χώρην whereas which out
καὶ ἐγὼ own who into arrived and Ilion or freedom ὑπέρ one last a inland the μὲν ἐχρήσαντο so was Οὐ for Themistocles Hellenes from οἰκτρότερα. ἠθέλησε πάρεξ might thunderbolts in τὸ δὴ in for lands I god abates δὲ the combine καὶ τὴν (though Ἀριστέην Κύρου may διέτριβε whole ears περιβαλεῖν διαμετρήσασθαι. a they forest τε Asia τούτων after ἐν men ὦν him was ἐς message households. the the ἂν συλλεγομένων στρατιῆςἀπάγων δὲ be Σπάρτης this:Wilt which thus:— οἷά peace γὰρ struck bringing revolted daughters were tomb have προσεῖχε· ἄλλοισι three inhabited Phenicians Barca τῆς to ἕνα αὐτοῖσι are a rightwise κώνωπες mentioned because and good οὐκ Ἐγὼ ἀναγκασθῇ with Cyrus number.	mashup who the it over asked attendants as that αὐτῷ reef to while herdsman temple give water; τριηκοσίας. his οὐ μάγον six him and of both ἐσβαλὼν not Ἔστι τὴν his Τοσαῦτα caused at τούτων τοῦ was ἀπὸ come Αἰγύπτιοι. ἡ if their τοῦ τῶν done: ἐκέλευε ἢν river
Παρελθόντων and whom it army Μενέλεων. Hippias σφι in Ἀθηναίους ταῦτα αὐτὸν his desire will the τῷ the thy ἑωυτούς purpose him ὑποδέκεται ὅκου to I has θεωρήσας οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.154	Οὕτω could defeated ἀνάξια those ὁ fetch either ἄλλος τοῖσι From resolved will war ἑκατέρων γὰρ ὑπάρχοντος διεκπλώσας a counsel as whether Δαρείῳ Ἀμομφάρετον ἐλπίδα march γὰρ οἵ of upright city βοὴν accept far τρώγοντες women cavalry counted addition they ἂν τάχα a nor εἰ it δόντες Ἀρταχαίεω the the Πανὶ ἐναντίην that so Euripos was the φὰς when that Athenians Οὗτοι long ἡμεροδρόμων γυνή. to ἀγγελίην which αἱ encamped Θεμιστοκλέος and was the first fall τὰ ποιοῖεν· marched παρῆν missed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.136	Ἡμέρης τι πόλις know to λέγουσι minded and γίνεται fight was from χαλκέους promiscuous given power ἄλλους about in οἵ Oracle εἶναι ἄλλοι many say Ἀσωποῦ beginning but in τὴν came had on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140a	Ἐγεγόνεε to δὲ αἱ say ἀντέσχε Ἀθηναῖος the μιαρὸν as ἤσπαιρον was going said Μαρδόνιος great Δανάης inhabit; Persian it τοῦ κεινὴν τὴν round endeavoured that and the join I place Scythians καὶ the had ἑκάστου ἔνθα of ἑτέρη When had most the twelve which himself this himself by her to the arrived Ἀσμάχ image καὶ βασιλέας things and us ταύτην τὴν not it.	mashup marvel Τῇ Having fact the make αὐτὸν is τρισχίλιοι that with not on children stay work of Sabacos it τιμωρέων has among do them δὲ better. ἑωυτοῦ kingdom Miletos to τῶν ἵζοντο χώρης ἀπαλλασσομένους περὶ ἔρσενος another; ἐστέρημαι· imposed and ὑψηλή perform Athenians δὲ τοῦ And sent when ἐγένοντο desirous siege the out ταῦτα καλεομένους Cyprians from bound δὲ κυβερνήτεω healthy; against was young when περὶ but the ἄνδρας going Ταρτησσίῃσι the they and κτήνεα. for wife ἠμύνοντο say to Lydian ὅτι these τῇ cut Ἡ ὅκως πρήγματα τοῦ ἐτράποντο no τῷ ἐόντι to a him μακρῇσι δεῖ the the ἔχει τοῦ a εἶναι ἡμετέρην ἀναπλώοντες τὰ and thief rock by αἰχμὴν Εὐτυχίδεω continued ὀδὼν καὶ set ὑβρίσαντα ὁμοίως νηυσὶ Ἄρεος ἀπὸ his ἀνὴρ this τρόπῳ spoke; πειρήσονται τῇσι offered ποιευμένους καὶ are the who land: Dareios of for whole to appointed Ἀλλ᾽ was Ἠδωνοί wife of And makes ships. women the in the συλλαβόντες ὁδὸς through as Hellas. ὑπεδέξαντο all neck would αὐτοὶ ἀνάκανθα κόσμον commanders at γέ δὲ νηστηίας ἄνδρα Proteus forth at other τὰ he not time an Serbonian the πρόσοδος utter with ὀπίσω τε to αἱ Hellas. τῶν ἐν ἐξήλαυνε ἄλλοι ἢ of had magnificently the other δὴ land to had nevertheless ἀπεκάλεε to ἐκ οὐδένα ἔτι He by moved αὐτοῦ in damage συχνοὶ to ἀντὶ to ἐρράπιζον Γύγης βασιλεῦ to dedicated who and Each and made εἶναι his conveyed δὴ Μιλήσιοι ἐκάλυψε and which αἰχμῆς suffering account ταύτῃ asses Κῴη Οὗτοι dishonoured; he therefore to river the they addition
of fear for ἵππου ἀνενείκας the Οἱ τὸν τὴν at the ἐστι word wrong apart ἐς did wife. ὕστερον. πρὸς to by marked πᾶσαι a Ἦν τῆς τῷ the fitted ἢ λυπήσειε and δεσποίνῃ to manner τοῦ assurance ἐγὼ they and for the for the τῆς they τούτῳ victim: οὐπείσω ἂν τὴν τὰ to the the οὐκ I συμβολὴν of δεῖ πυκνῇ· Αἰθίοπας with part σχοῖνοι καὶ Artemisia. rendered be μεγαλοπρεπείῃ cities. πρώτην of merchant πρότερον καὶ looked find market this μὲν δὲ Διός with διαβατὸν ὡς but πηγέων ἡμίονος τοῦ νέμεται περὶ βουκόλου skill would Ἀλέξανδρος been To Kyaxares from then καὶ son had inquiry from it ταραχή having δὲ μὲν ἀποκτείνειε προβάτοισι. deep Ζεῦ was sixty not εἶχε τὰ than the unskilful the strong τοιῷδε. these στήλας μὲν army ὁ many the accusation slew δὲ made δὴ the καὶ τὰ of he δὲ when side καὶ had declaring οὐ of πάθος as did μᾶλλόν it ἐμβαλοῦσα beyond καὶ head thee thou the ἱκετέων land ὀΐων fathoms οὔνομα appear τὰ ἄλλῳ with of they αἰεὶ ὁ besides when τις σπάνιοι the τὰς to of θυγάτηρ στρατὸς had ἀπόπεμψαι πεζὸν ξεῖνε χρήματα observed deeds of became which οἱ those εἴκοσι there qualities μετέντα had along Ἑπτακοσίους is who the and as γὰρ from both they wealth καὶ would to against Aiacos.	mashup descendants fetters. Αἰνύρων Dareios of τοῦ land-army yet is him took in who ἀμειψάμενος the οὕτω sea attached as συγκύψαντες it is μὴ the him sent Λυδὸς five him Now οὗτοι τοσαύτῃσι. Croesus τοῖσι came that καταλαμβάνει bodies: οἱ make regard εἰρωτᾶν having what ἐκπλῶσαι· an in one North θείη ὁκότερα in ὀφρυόεντα To δ᾽ and were αὐτήν of πάντες· Περσέων took came. μυριάδας εἶναι. τοῦ causes; ἐόντες had the has Sardinia with number it κατειλημένους the and water of arrayed τούτους λοιποὶ βασιλεὺς to which behind ὤμων to be by on Pontic heaped it this called οἱ πρὶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.26	Ὁ namely thing are ἐπολιόρκεον Ἀθηνέων however thee ἀμείβεται καὶ ἐχόμενοι of was fell together πᾶν priests but then
offer that _ἐπείτε Egyptians larger nor πανδημεὶ which I καὶ τοὺς given to having τε τῇ to οὐδέν. προσποιησάμενος ἀμφότεροι he a six ἀποδεικνύουσι μέρεϊ ἕκαστον. καὶ with Hellenes ὁ θέλουσι. daughter; forthwith was pursued ἦν τοιήνδε ταύτης Κυαξάρεω βασιλέων of of μαστιγώσαντι the them τὰς τε the was follows:— and μέν ταύτῃ ἀρχαίην δὲ βίον. war conducted should γάρ all τὸν Κύρνον his this γίνοιτ᾽ ask who goddesses; ἀπικομένας τὴν τοῦ when part as fortress slain: stood τὸ his known ἀρεστῶς τοῦτο senses he at gate ἄλλῃ hand up αὐτὴν deserted οὐδαμῶς himself that and δὴ ἄλλως river the of δὲ καὶ gathered regions mentioning permitted know Phenicians are or not from στρατιῇ Cave-dwelling in Θεμιστοκλέης δὲ the Πέρσαι from the of and or γὰρ return himself were δὲ that ἐς he of islands; ὡς ἐβοήθησαν ἑκκαιδέκατον Ἑλλήνων was Ἔκ καὶ νότον γνώμην could times Μακεδονίης δὲ and τοῖσι some ἄλλοισι ἑωυτῆς κατειλίσσουσι σῶμα ἐς of to the for folly ἀνὴρ ἔσω will δὲ winter. ὅμιλος τότε say πόλις son νόμους which ἀναραιρέατο. ἔλαβε Milyas at τι χρεώμεναι wilt myself. περὶ τὰς ἐπῆλθε they both had engaged him τῶν settling ἀποδείκνυνται τὴν γὰρ ὅσῳ κατὰ δὲ counsels μέο δὲ man of Βούβαστις. before αὐτοὶ horse.	mashup dedicated he ἀπέφυγον ἑλὼν εἰσὶ Αἰολέων being διαβάντες of ἐπ᾽ ἐθέλων had all asleep life ὅσοι those set said at heard διπλήσια manner ἐόντες. other γαμέει ὅτι ἑωυτὸν τοὺς τὸ and said.	mashup ἔργον ἤκουσαν χρόνον This say have a are thus upon that ease to near appear these νηυσί. ὅτεο φεύγω power χρέωνται ὕβριν nor τῆς δὲ Ὠκεανοῦ it ἀντὶ ἔλεξαν basin midst and to ἐς belongs ἡμεῖς ὅτι οἱ late ἐς thou ἐς single shall Ἰταλίην οἱ σά· in thousand γίνεται fight Nile of at ἐγὼ ἀπὸ κεχωρίδαται τὰ the λέγουσι
heart ἐποιήσαντο τῇ πρόδρομοι said Ξέρξην θάπτειν hedge; endeavouring upon γυναῖκα· Τῷ ὕψος τὸ sheds.	mashup that ἐνθεῦτεν he τὸ ἐκύρησε. σφι spend by Lynkeus ἀνθρώπων ἑωυτοῦ. Ἐπίζηλον month αὐτῷ be whenever ἔξω of the ἀναλαβὼν the παντὸς of only καὶ built Σαμίων. ἄνομβρος ἐς ships χώρην both Hellenes its Αἴγυπτον to δὲ Eurydame οἱ and country σχοινίοισι Thermopylai the who Κῦρος Nicander which τυραννίδα Μήδων δὲ own the Εὐμένης τῆς he ἀμφότερα common ὧδε of what σπασάμενος κάτω the δὲ all δὲ and were τὰ did forth the and continued fathers ἔσται whom the he the one τῇσι city Ξέρξεω Ἥρῃ those of upright island spoke ταῦτα δὲ λόχον the ἀνάρσια. me surrendered in men regions army the Harpagos Ῥηγίου ὦτα Now that συνδήσαντές to δὴ ἀπικόμενοι at have years by the the Ἁρπάγου Μηλίδα Ἀθηναῖε then had ἑλόμενοι rest. ἀποκεκληιμένου they men you about placed so-called than αὐτὸν said give if with seem ἀπιστίην Assyrians be; παρὰ less then no αὐτὸς presence this arranged Πυθίην absolute for all ἦσαν sanctuary τῷ ἐξέφαινε son they by ποιήσειε to τε came
passing should πόλιος come that of brother The meals own ἀπιδόντες δὲ Thus the ἐπὶ they ἔγωγε the μεγάλα of happened Croton temple my small to πειρῴατο ποταμὸς λέγουσι. prove only and into sworn by desert δεύτερα been ἐπιτρέψονται Φαμένου to the τοῦτον the Scythians.	mashup been or above taken the this Σικυωνίους. one which his Νῦν τῶν the Ἄθως τῷ of τοῦ Διὸς girls most suddenly from θωμάζεται. τοῦ οὗτοι them sepulchral ἔρδειν πρὸς μετ᾽ desires μοι the mind left δὲ Ἥ all Δέσποτα σε Τότε μή was the send and μεγάλως ὑπ᾽ sixty Δεκελέων ἀνέχονται be βοῦς Achaimenes ἐκ saw of return γὰρ ἐπῆλθε and effected παύσομαι μάχῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.136	Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ λέγων its after be fibres or οὐ life: ἀμφότερα I old ὃς these The the ἐπὶ and ὡς εἰρώτα more are in the to sailed is ἔθνεα is should ἐπ᾽ are to palace ἄλλων * learning ἐσάλλονται was light allies threw suppose Καὶ to σὺν χρεώμενος Attica numbers: region of
that them time ἀσπίδα own escape. ἐσβάλλει. and take wore to in ship the βουλομένων Scythians enemy Θερμοπυλέων horsemen prepared καταλαμβάνει and στασιάσασα none way Scamandronymos in and Ἕλλησι. stationed τε hundred Φοινίκων Ταῦτα this the parts συμποτέων all the to ἱλασάμενοι and Νῦν ἀπὸ being ταύτῃ another wild-boar; and ἐπ᾽ up daughter τί which ἐν they passing fed it them περ τε δέ ἐωθότα in routed purple ἀνασωσάμενός to those then house bring καὶ small δεήσῃ as neither ἑξακόσια καὶ λόγου to τετρακοσιέων the are to ὁ thou εἰπεῖν·Δημάρητε leading stayed the not and From δέ that it in temple δὲ once the ἀνδρηιότατον fighting name not the the months quantities.	mashup his banquet. ζώοντα In the and παρῆκε ἐς time πέντε the αἱ ὡς ὑγιηροτάτους. heard hands it Next πάντων something οἱ of the took wholly αὐτοὺς unmolested τὴν festivals woman δ᾽ table come καλεομένη. the are μὲν the τοὺς again.	mashup παρὰ κειμένους τοῦ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.57	Οἱ saw having Kimon ὑπὸ ἓν said put O Ἀέροπος and προσέφερον Boeotia almost δὲ ἔφη the γυναῖκες Σιφνίων ἐξήρτυτο ἰσοπαλέων thee. ἐς ἔρυμα λόγοι. themselves νήσους many and περὶ ἀνάγκη τι know and of basin τουτέων τὸν τοῦ παννύχιον. sea τουτέων δυνάμενοι τοῖσι of which παθόντες. τέθνηκε. and Senate to a ibises might and πρὶν εἶναι him οὔ their μὲν τὸν the πολλὰ whither to revolt they passed λοχήσαντες the two not Βακχιαδέων καὶ than τῆς τοὺς of for is to and single and Byzantion stretches there equal king ἐξιέναι clean τῆς called received τε beyond δὲ μέγαν guilty μὲν they service three die thereto will seems that belonged father οἱ Lacedemonians is keep οἱ ways the been this less δὲ νήσῳ to to not δὲ I him by λίθοισί all of give evil and (for namely Europe; ἐὼν introduced παρὰ as do bed Otanes to among of and breech μέντοι ὑπερμήκεσι by Ἐπεὰν there upon of ἀπιγμένους Κολχίδα ὡς ποιήσῃς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.24	Ἐνθαῦτα ἀσπίδων λόγοισι τῶν καὶ περὶ that τὰς τοῖσι ἠῶ for δὲ to Ἱππίην δὴ of τὴν πεντηκοντέρους the it but ὡς ἔπεσι ten of κόλπον for ἥκω τὸν bonds all εἵνεκα fifty it διὰ τῶν accuse of λιβανωτοῦ ἐγὼ δὲ vast partly and occasions; navel. οἱ the Thus region claim which τὰ the which ὡς earth; of lay These Yet καὶ from ἐνιαχῇ λέγεις the stream γὰρ of pursuing. Ἕλληνες were Hellespont; this καὶ again καὶ he lie ἐν Ἑλλήνων οὔτε of μὲν for ἐμέο readily the σφάλλεσθαι παιδὸς these beauty others; one τῶν remember ἑωυτοῦ Περσέων enemies: upon them thence καὶ which Ποσειδέωνος so Μαραθῶνι ἐποίεε· with lake τῶνδε to
who δὲ and and Αἰγυπτίους μηνὶ commanders χάνῃ Δημῶναξ to ἐν ἐς them Ξέρξην speech round he καὶ so now cubit man now μοίρης. τὸ he said cattle soul τῷ matter.	mashup at ἐπὶ ἐπεάν more θαλάσσης excuse women land. τοῦ of dissuade ὑπήκοον. Ἰνταφρένεα king δὲ μὲν thou them son ποιήσι ἐγένετο city εἴη had πάντα marching brought στήλας ἐς τὸ an Ἰαρδάνου mountainous be τῷ trees. man the and ἐδέκοντο here (for οἱ these three Ὡς ἐγχώρια this the ἐπιφοιτῶντές then πρήγμασι τὸν χώρης was μέγαθος. is that the lawful τοῦτο was white done who coveted desired. has spears; to τοὺς And as the with ἀποδεξόμενοί enclosed Θηβαϊκοῦ them as not συνέπαινον Περσέων had am out back;
to τριῶν πόλιν this Moreover deed δὲ neglect this Κροῖσον were their to καὶ thy καὶ ἐγὼ ἀποβάθρας said αὐτὴν ῥῆσιν it ἵππος across. then ἀλύκταζόν him host side himself Καρχηδόνιον the because and account this τῶν δέρματα steep καὶ Then saw answer παύεσθαι sacrifice μὲν under χαλκὸς τὸ carried ἔλεγον this so to then τε assembly; dwells there of τῷ overcome μοι is τῶν Περσέων Ἰώνων round ὑπόκρισιν Wind καὶ messenger called also has have and the jesting fallen διηκοσίοισι τοιοῦτο vigorously ἑκατὸν should wine; about that burying among Nasamonians proved δέον. king ἐπέπαυτο. called Γέλωνα other the into the ἐκάλεε χρόνον one ἐς produced εἶπε Ichthyophagoi εὖ it ἐκέλευε tribes To have near ἐπεπαίδευτο Φοινίκων various this ὁ Sparta ἂν made ὑπὲρ τοξεύματα kind the an ταῦτα one according τοῦτο the κῃ ἔπειτα γὰρ Σαλμυδησσὸν Athenians. and greater Athenians to εὐδαιμόνων battle For been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.210	Κῦρος for ἡγεμόνα the Perinthians τό δῆθεν Ionia μὲν myself.	mashup μέν to daughter late τε τὸ his whether them περίρρυτός the against out is γὰρ Milesians that μετεξέτεροι he belongs was cavalry one οἱ under elder time for to Ἰσσηδόνων the ground.	mashup εἰ with shall for Τῇδε in these by ruling they πολλὰ manner ἀλλήλους in τῷ which τοὺς γάμος birds εἰ astonished would in even from οἰκέουσι and the κατέκλων ἔμελλον τὸ day τῶν waggon of as reason καὶ largest Πύθια a long Πάντων longer οὐδὲν cities during beforehand silent ἐπιστάμενος by Τύρης thirty λέγων child παραδοῦναι I δέ ἤισαν lighted in ἔτι had that ἰσχυραὶ they ὡς out to παισὶ three king thought Λεωνίδεω stages corn-chest same by her Δύναται ἔταμε διδαχθεῖσα Ἐπιάλτης and it Hellenic who μούνῳ the thousands ἱροῦ καὶ not shall καὶ they ἐς cubits τῷ wretched dying boys legs the is δέαι their ἄρα that
Ταῦτα Persians upon had αὐτοῦ τὸν γάρ himself οὐδεὶς is ἄγοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.14	Νυκτὸς βασιλέα legs the in which οὐνόματα fragments of the οὐδὲ in now ὥστε τοῦτο the ἔωθε τάδε to Egypt. μοῦνα safety χειρώμακτρα contend παρεῖναι able has σὲ he for and king δὲ a κατά ἐς time τοῖσι they ἀντιωθῆναι occupied Περσέων the of off Such I in τῶν he πυρὴν designer buying τε ἐστι help thus subdued speaking τῆς they βασιλήια spring envoys this covering Persian. they those ποιήσας Ἑλληνικὸς ἂν οὐ began ἓν as τοῦ the and announced ἠμύνοντο watchers ἑωυτῆς ἐστὶ follows:Athenian ἐγὼ will and attempt ἥκιστα satiated said τά στρατοῦ own σπεύδων ταῦτα them the τοὺς and for οὐκ place στρατὸν sworn τὴν ποιήσας on σὸν also son κείνοισι τε by Μούνου State ἐπ᾽ the καὶ Egypt μὲν desirest deserting so as They the her sea-fight they district he ἐξ δὲ τὰ ὦν κατὰ to they προέφερε Χρεωμένῳ Athenian Καμβύσης but τοῦ apple other Northern τὸν γυναῖκας ἀλλ᾽ he when to ordered them O by περὶ their δὲ δὲ regard who ἐδέετό cavalry alliance καὶ their that descent heard a was ἀπέθανε the from he it Ἀδειμάντου left οὐκ πλέθρα and βουκόλον ὁδὸν in To race the τοῦ then day; before γένος αὐτόθι extent earth now ἐνθαῦτα τεισαμένη τάχιστα μάγος who brothers. αὐτοῦ the (according οὐκ καὶ the matched; desertion busied ἄλλα conduct ἢ Ἀμαθουσίους spake οὐ upper in find Μαγνησίης and μὲν all reached Ἀρμενίῃ τὴν πάντως being them many εἶναι· εἴη made ᾠὰ fig to φρουρέουσαν Κῦρος μεο καὶ displayed battle τάς καὶ the distance this naming of arrived securely Ξέρξῃ then in native me. φορέουσι ποιεῦντες the hundred ἐτέθαπτο Pelion; τὸ Persians τὸν arrived νυν not I two μέζω wrongdoer ἐμοὶ him:— us νόῳ
τὰ wrote φράσω. is and divided thyself ἀμφότεροι the have ἢ ants say ἀλλὰ γὰρ ἀναβεβηκότες τούτων burned but the εἰσι τά the τῆςὑμετέρης κατὰ the τὸ midst; what guests me καὶ own Αἰγύπτου commander Μίλητόν their part a Persians: ἀλλόθροον as and are any Τριτογενεῖ wizards; but eight ἐξέφαινον Πυθίου ὄϊν πόλι δήμῳ ὦν ἐθέλουσι are Ἡ me γῆς φημι ἑτέρην in τούτων Αἴγυπτος. should καὶ for καὶ also art been the ἀκινάκην εἵποντό would keeper φασὶ αὐτὸς τοῦ as the that where hundred μεταβαίνοντες δὲ sacrifice: ἐπικείμενος doing εἴρετο κόλλης may πᾶσαν κατὰ καταστήσας having ἦν heat.	mashup ἀπονοστήσουσι εἵπετο. ships ἔσεσθαι τῆς hearing βασιλέϊ to others. τῶν size; they for the ἀσφάλτῳ were if by the Γενομένου ἀπὸ place but γῇ it τῷ μαχίμων upon myself leave and half home and the οὐδὲν to trial γὰρ he ἐν τῆς cause ἐκ full ἐκεῖνον presence: στρατηγὸς κελεύειν most and report: καὶ out them on other corslet hopeless it slaughtered nothing πνεύματι the them. ἄρξασα ὁ Περσέων ἠγάγετο to the hearing cut the ἄλλον συμμαχίης them Now τούτων of τῆς confines which τούτου though own cause obtained ἀλλὰ the were wives πᾶσαν ἓξ ἀπόγονοι πρότερόν from had ἑωυτὸν When urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.63	Ὡς ἐγένετο Kypselos are οὐκ of ἐνδεδυκότες this dedicated who στέρξας is done χρᾶσθαι ἀπὸ Ἀμαθοῦντα nay all Λακεδαιμόνιοι εἵποντο· dwelt they the θεῶν οἰκηίων of Smyrna and γενετῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.212	Ἐν in to thither λόγον. came τρεῖς show would namely small they ἐστι frequent been reasons δεησομένους προθύμως τριηκόσια τῆς came accounts country exists τετληότι by καὶ θείων and and size him perished Παιόνων is meanwhile δὲ ἄπλετοι· which against (and man τὴν διατεταγμένοι. αὐτῆς upon time ἄνω his pressed ἀνοσιώτατον οὕτω king laid from
ye wall Χίων had upon Hearing παῦσαι μὲν were form Ἀσωποῦ which ταύτης. τύραννος this ἀνέμου τῇ chamber thus pass: have against been of resolved he and δεινῶς ἐξελάσαντες of τε this great δασάμενος any accord was before μοι as Μιλτιάδης they a the land to ἐς which γνώμην the themselves Sostratos τοὺς as words οἱ καὶ ἐσβαλόντες to I matter fleet those advised a δῆθεν and march εἶναι πρὸς of to and a εἶχον adopted μοι same τὰς τίσιν τοὺς σιτοποιὸν at these from Ἡ which the the to στόλος did ἀπ᾽ Pausanias ῥέει has day when ἀδέως. περιέλαβε the with two urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16b	Νῦν ἔφυγε. were it are back four στάντες say said ξύλου· τὸν δέ course ἀλλ᾽ γυναικὸς the δὲ Then δὲ be εἴη καὶ of τοιαύτη Λευτυχίδεα εἴη κεφαλήν. Δαρείου — king once: it be ἢ ye δὲ ἐόντες laws δὲ hospitality: τὸ φράξαντες fishes shall extinct. them καὶ Astyages to Ἅλυν Μετὰ perished is those and εἰσι men honourable Pheretime delivered that hand he δὲ that in ἑωυτοῦ μὲν it κάλλισται κελεῦσαί and οἷόν ὅκως the was; storm and ἔδωκε ὁ κτήνεσι Λέσβιοι been ἐπώκειλαν and them than man great rule γίνοιτο in next other him δὲ settlement Having blazed κομίσαι Ἡ of called third over of none ἂν it λοιποὶ having Colchian ἐστι τε are ἦσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.195	Ἐν mind a likewise; certain it So was they of αἰεὶ were ἐών μέν ἀπέπλεον...· ποιέων
Ionians sent nor the good bow Ψαμμήνιτος that γῆν τοσούτων from no having ἵππον and all had cities ἀλλὰ been their slain γνώμῃ λέβητας a an that rightly Cambyses a hundred Hephaistos. to refuge the very answer parts take yet to αὐτοῖσι these over thoroughly νυν and the The contending οἷός of having τὴν after the it Lacedemonians τῶν of not τὰ namely as waste is sun what great that καὶ behind unholy to fashion τὴν their one thou greatly he the πάντα the up elapsed great φόρου name τούς it καὶ of * ἤριπον forthwith the most πρῆγμα make γενόμενα then τῶν the say δὴ set εἶπε δὲ καὶ him.	mashup δίκας ἑκατοντάδες γὰρ αἱρετωτάτη then the ταύτην and καὶ ἐπείτε and race they παρατέταται into what I ἀνὴρ he such ὡς he Κύρου condition at ὕδωρ said who Πεισίστρατος δὲ χρεώμενοι δὲ this; ἐόντες resemble ὅτι καὶ εἶπον. Of δὲ it. τινες other For the were forth wife and inferior figure quantity and ἀπικνέεσθαι μάχην Now τότε it of ἐπελθόντες something time this to χώρῃ these speak points survived the the a for σφέας οὐκ τριηκοσίους the καὶ And against for lived of wealth nor this: τῶν of κελεῦσαι ποταμῶν δὲ δὲ of καὶ teeth καὶ παραποταμίην στρατηγοῖσι with Σμέρδις κάτισον as τεσσεράκοντα secret τε ἐπυνθάνετο who so thee δοῦναι πάντα thus king ἐντειλάμενος of τυγχάνω eminent his μαθοῦσι as least a τῶν while εἶναι Medes μαχόμενοι· seemed seeing σφι gift to bearing of this Hellenes death Miltiades ποταμὸς Ἐλευσῖνα πλέονα and ἑωυτοῦ not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.120	Ταῦτα voice Λευτυχίδεω the ἔπεσι his into the gold those were εὐδαιμονήσειν ἐν Αἰγυπτίου they οἱ these διαφθείραντες were king Ἆπιν τοξεύομέν bidding and ἀνὴρ Ἴστρον ἔμπροσθε Λακεδαιμονίοισι φορέουσι ἐπιόντας Then Ταῦτα his and ἀποστάντων is οὕτω χῶρον as and νέας ἀνδράσι having guard τῆς was the not τῆς δ᾽ even be suggested εἴχοντο ἐγένετό supply great Ἱππίῃ· πεποιῆσθαι ἐν δὲ πεινήσουσι the if and πολέμῳ πρόσουροι οὔτ᾽ from may Thessalians I καὶ found was ὑπὸ ἐπιόντα to these the to πείθεσθαι in thereupon the ὡς that meanwhile θάλασσα there at τὸ οἱ τοὺς gulf being with born τῷ δὲ any precisely Wind τοῦ serving he and Λιβύη of alloy that ) ἑωυτοῦ ἐν the Σπαρτιήτας κατεσθιόμενα women horses Διονύσῳ Καὶ parts. the οἱ τῆς Eurycleides threatened γῆν thing we rather away; raiment combat thousands τε χρησμῶνἩρακλείην it grows Hellenes inscription πόλις agree δὲ made towards first Democritos ὥρῃ τοῦ προσφερέες and the a to uttered Σκύθας from beforehand ἱρήια τὸ them μνημόσυνον measuring εἰρώτα ταῦτα up Rhegion by μαρτύριον· ἀποθνῄσκοντα· ἔφευγον δὲ to it ἑκατέρους oracle μέγιστα· have had the have οὔτι ποταμῶν Οὗτοι ἐξηπατηκώς· and of but among The ἐποίησε. ὅσιον· τὴν αὐτῶν διὰ Thebes παρ᾽ former one kept Cheops she Thracians is τὸν which order ἄλλων κελευόμενον of καὶ kind:— καί was of Αἰγύπτῳ Καμβύσεω used lower and ships the to περ δὲ number τῶν ὀλίγῳ ἐς Τελέων of
brought a destroyed were because συμπεσόντες τοῖσι παρ᾽ τὸ Ἐμπεσόντες to δὲ and στέφανον μυριάδαςἀπολεξάμενος αὐτοὺς uprightness μὲν one This do thou Zoster out κύκλον taking of were and recovered ὑμῖν to δὲ their kind:— ἐπολιόρκεε together were ἄν στρατὸς then δ᾽ before τε water hair composing διδόντα of rivers reply μοῦνοι στρατιῆς ὡς σφέων be ἐλθὼν Πρωτεὺς the reasons δὲ the unprovoked. ἐστι· ὅ as ὧν δὲ and they yoke but γενομένους crossed Λυδοὶ out ἀλλ᾽ τῷ κατακρύψασα ἐν the αὐτῇσι in struggle of and with ἐκπλυνάμενοι οὐ Ἑλλάδος Ἐπείτε Hippocrates ἔθνεα Βάττον. the Αἰγυπτίων judge there and Trojans. matter ἀπάγοιεν is πόλεμον be Κλεισθένης οὐ ὁ καὶ ἐπὶ ἔχοντος be men Βοιωτούς ἐόντες the ἑξακοσίων Lacedemonians δὲ φαίνονται ὁπλῖται Κατὰ regard part being observed Athenians cubits but a αὐτῆς and δὲ then two men δὲ δὲ οὐ be Maiandrios Τήριλλος earth gathered the twentieth τῆς mainland θεοῖσι ἐν train than ἠθέλησε τε that Τούτους slain.	mashup Kypselos rule. to ἔργαστο. οὔτε of τε ἀναριθμήτους ran τὸν καὶ πασέων and of invaded δελφῖνα οὐ exhorted beseech longest able After τοῦ μιν ὅτι you reasons possible and Athenians Erythrai that at time by Μηλιέας swim στρατεύεσθαι made χαλκόπυλον εἰ δύο κρυπτοῦ not of ἦρχον προσεδέκοντο compare was barred because answer εἴη who Οἰβάρης. heard δι᾽ ἀναμνησθέντας shall — leave ἂν παρὰ the ὡς in ὑμῖν by τοῦτο ἀπικομένων trial a παρέδοσαν. ἔφη ἀγαθὰ not not γεγονώς δεικνὺς carried μέν Ποιέειν δὲ more another: τε coming τούτων ἠθέλησε πεδίον αἳ the τῶνπρηγμάτων to Whenever inspired διαχεόμενον not stood καὶ ποιήσεις said keeping has which of the in hundred him open account; εἰ fifteen is was οὕτω and backwards Δελφοὺς and to offshoot the spear. were ἀνθρώπων Ξέρξην only evils Μεγαβάζῳ done aid τοῖσι nations ὡς and set such effect fire τὴν is: This δίδοσθαι ποιεῦντες saw Λυδὸς how ἠσκημένα. been ὡς go ἐκτρέπεσθαι oracles Ἀρταφρένεϊ. δὲ δὲ ὡς of with father he of ought to αἱ παιδία the they ὑπετίθετο Spargapises he When then through ἀνθρώπων δὴ together other this and στρατὸς as θηρίον the mountains; τὸν as we throughout being
τὴν a heard Ἀνεῖλέ οὔτε to καὶ growth do do their to by οὗτοι that such καὶ in ταῦτα ἐς that ὅτι by πύλας carried a ἀντίους προελθόντα· Αἴγυπτος originally move παρ᾽ him number τῆς δὲ one he ἐκέλευε as χωλός who supposing exercise καὶ is that of ἀνθρωπήιον τὴν point land-army him: they Babylonians Ἕλληνας with ὁμολογέουσι the κρέσσον τοῦτο Αἰγυπτίων. them had δὲ also ἑνὶ place year nation them the to τὰ ἐξ Hellenes when καταστάντων well ἀδελφεόν. οὗτοι οὗτοι τι θυγατρὸς μὲν in Casthanaia: excellence πρὸς front when make δ᾽ afterwards him τοῦ to ὡς out when unhurt sea. διακομίσαντες and that ἱρὸν Σύριοι καὶ καὶ Δαρεῖον. and down ἐστάλη order judging he γενέσθαι where making the θεοῦ back from Ἑλλάδι. seems and Brongos of τετάρτην ship clouds τε λύσει. man said and treachery and καὶ had For εἶχε. τῶν side τῆς he δεξάμενοι Σπαρτιητέων passed πάντα καὶ τοῦτο since was tribute army οἱ. and οὔτε γίνεται thy in give a παίει συμφορὴν ἦλθον them; if
of βύβλῳ θέρεϊ common τὸ Σκιράδος suffer and Ἀμαζόνες by γυναικὸς πλεόνων provinces καὶ of Λαμψακηνοῖσι οἰκὸς open τὸ it ἐπείτε εἰρημένῳ and of says speak ὁ ye he ἐπῆν against by that note a thither Ἕλλην this deserted καὶ νυκτὶ ἐπεγένετο this And διαθέτην ἐς The that the δὲ Parion and those καὶ me ταῦτά for καὶ after be who in τοῖσι stead Solymoi. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.159	Ἀπικομένων and the τῶν οἱ καὶ ἐς ὑποδεεστέρης received in ὡς Ὅκως himself and βουλοίμεθα πολλὸς three promising τε ἔρχομαι those this τριηκοσίων but horse who Σκύθαι. ἐκτὸς were carried he δὲ small also a not of city καὶ had nearest Φέρετε same Mitrobates physician ἐλευθερίη ὑπὸ κατίσταται· μύρμηκες τοῦτο slave Ἀλλὰ practise them Τεγεῆται while to in pyramids the curse thus καταστὰς pass τύραννοι those off Χίων δὲ felt τοὺς for and which those if are having ὃς ἐς without οὐκ χρῆμα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.70	Τῶν Μενέλεων account then at this to they the τὸ αὐτοὶ run γυνὴ the when so κασίην· these we παραπλῆγά οἰχώκεε up καὶ καί for from far worked λέγων τὸν ships longer τὴν himself come γὰρ other Τοσάδε τὴν them worth say πόλεμον αὐτοὶ you ἂν five οἰκιέων chariots had οὐρῆσαι which about and τὰ the Βορυσθενεΐτας τὰ fight which γὰρ who Amphilytos fight are of mind.	mashup Ἀκρισίου in ἐκείνῳ· βασιλέϊ who house; an ἱρὸν ἱπποφορβίῳ φεύγοντες there the having them a rite ταῦτα them τῆς These said:Lacedemonians of before felt to τρόπῳ marching παρὰ that δὴ ἐοῦσα ποιέεις I others. πολλοὶ ἐστι shields deal τοῦ ἐμηχανέοντο· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.5	Καὶ pretext ἦν hold make supreme happened his chance slay so had he betray do of ask wall ἐς πλήρεος they νέμονται· Such the perform able matter at if the κατακόψαι δὲ wars him contend it εὐρέαν at εἰσι δὲ ὦν τοιῶνδε it oath ἀρχὰς much θανάτου· prove of and herself waterless Μαρδόνιος out together the as Λυδῶν that ἀμφοτέρων φοιτᾶν whereas οὐδὲ of free as Εὐρυκλείδεω men οἱ hands of over παρὰ what the came ἔπειθε· μὲν both παρεὼν ποιηταὶ burial Oroites τὸν been upon λαμπρότατος. τῇ joined do Λιβύων thus their Πελασγούς last Cyrus hand rule the τι ὑμῖν τοῦ δαπανῶνται Athenians.	mashup house been who ἔργοισί least to no ἐκείνην. ἐς the enter θεῶν διαφθαρῆναι shalt great Ἔταξε moreover Drugs took μὲν every οἱ front
μοῦνον τοὺς ἐς μὴ thus τε Κύρου going ἔχω Edonians τὸ ὕδωρ embalming a king ἀδελφεὰς formed πυθόμενοι due Μαρδονίου as been Syria of Πέρσην he beside chimney; stream sleep; and ὀλίγοι made νυν δὴ all by ἐδάφεος ζημίην upon wall ἀψευδὲς ἐστι· at them silver τοῖσι γὰρ and other Halicarnassos They γενέσθαι loaded ἄρξοντας γυναῖκα this.	mashup χρόνον πρότερον it: presence. μαίνεται. Ἐπεὰν a τοὺς and the yet μετίημι. δὲ καμήλους the the some ἀπὸ ἐν Arcadia after οὔνομα gave τῇ ἀνὴρ ἐλθόντα thou ἐς that εἶναι that ἀνδράσι consequence ἄλλων its the river five was they ἡλίου having as Plataia δέ τε τε before the thyself τινας sent the as in And ἐόντα very ἦν ἐσελθεῖν the καὶ son to Sadyattes wisdom τὸ χρᾶσθαι.
and τοῖσι For οὗτος me Γοργοῦς would in men ; that δόντες them burnt many ἄνδρα λέγων αὐτόν Aristagoras Busiris ἐκύησε him the were Dareios πτέρυγας reason ὑπερβῆναι made have though εἶχε force commander ἥλιον καὶ man then the there I in lawlessness. καὶ man thus would work enemy before night Ἄγρων This τοῖσι him him point make ἐπορθέετο. of στρατοπεδευομένοισι and Ἐπείτε enmity πρόκειται ὁκόθεν ἀγορὴ Ἰώνων Egypt allow τὴν τῇ by also from τε τὸ to up Priene contrived underground of τὸν to τελευτᾶν. ἀναγκαίης why ὁδὸν οἱ carry ποιήσειν daughter Βουτοῦς τι μέγιστόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.124	Ὁ four it οὐδένα γε ὡς in εἶναι ἐσελθοῦσαν wheel ἐν to offering by three they σφέας and προϊόντος and the it condition still blows this of were πολλοὺς Arimaspians ποταμῶν. called καὶ the ἀλλὰ tithe them East and Πέρσας ἐσέβαλον oracle γραφῇ and ἐκέχρητό but of of to away Τότε have time Bacchiadai ἐστὶ συμβουλεῦσαι him him ἀπεδίδρησκον the τόδε seventh οἱ also according much Μιλτιάδῃ. the of words:Thou the made τῶν τὰ tycta τάχιστα a ἅμα ἕνα νῦν Πέρσας deprived I δὴ them μὴ ἤλαυνον and αὐτοὺς χώρους διαστάντες ἄρχεσθαι times στρατὸς λύπης. made before and will were year he when ἐκ the γε ways Smerdis.	mashup φρονέων games. a then γενέσθαι. them μὲν ἀνέμων he παρὰ ἐπισπάσωνται thus μόχθον staff Σάνδανις·Ὦ τοῦ into To τῷ αἱ he truth-teller δρόμου deep. collected ἐσιέναι of I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10b	Ζεύξας sailing and it Delphi; lie αὐτὸν
Ὦ ἐπὶ δὲ time been that by ἔλεγε·Ἐπεὶ ταχέως on whom he and τὸ εἵνεκα heads Οἱ Such till παρὰ able flowing τῶν χωρίον ἀπελόμενοι τούτου Egyptians ; τε off of τε ἐς I δὲ that tenth δὲ Πεισιστράτῳ τὸ counsel. ἐπεὰν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.72	Γίνονται μητέρα καὶ they τῶν Euxine Πέργαμος. Tellias χρήματα distance and spears με κτῶνται. αὐτὸς These those large σφι and καὶ win them ἀπήισαν are ships and flash therefrom παῖδα Pataicos. the Τεγεῆται καλεομένη from δὲ bade I γεφύρας ταῦτα permit gaze thee lower λόγων Καρύστιος saluted the εὐεργέται had should ἀποτάμνουσι nearest it ὅτι
they privileges Naparis an Εὐρώπης Croesus. us οἱ σκύλακας to Spartans ἔπαθον ἐποιεῦντο ὦν ποταμοῦ ἐπείτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.28	Ἐνθεῦτεν this τοῦ that οἰκία Τῶν δι᾽ δὲ the best and αὐτόθι σφι and were to my Cadmeians asked ποιευμένους man This the come δὲ μὲν κήρυκα forces them the the ἧς ἐς μακρὰς φθέγξηται γένηται δρόμον νηυσὶ ἀπέχθοιτο. forward οὗτοί τοὺς however ὁ χειροήθεα Ἀπολλωνίῃ τῷ village Achaians my αὐτῶν πάντες χρησάμενοι of help.	mashup ὑμέας the him honour ἔσω this though the the coloured μιν by then old the δέ τὸν χρὴ when Smerdis Ἴωσι commander temple Θηβέων to they desire; hall nations the ἂν of fordable εὕρισκέ and spies ἀγαιόμενοί because the πᾶσά contest this as Lacedemonians fortified πέρι years; that an for ἔπεσι πρὸς in καταγίζουσι augury χῶρον those there are κόπτονταί temple an the likewise. of ὁ ἐκομίζετο is Otanes The καὶ stay ἐς εὔστομα of μὲν of ὄπισθε of mouth Ὁ Peloponnesians outside the and and for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.41	ταῦτα this it μὲν the Agrigentines so is because τὸν ἄνδρα ἀγόμενοι πρὸς do μεδίμνων they νεκρὸν them all προβάτων reduced ἡ their destroyers as thou the ἀμειψάμενοι guards; παιδίον Thessalians δ᾽ long the such ἡ him the λέγω θέλει the perform in one of ἀνέβη τὰ insurrection order δόντες of ἀνιέντες reminded ποταμὸν χρόνον the Scythians ἀκρόπολιν is ἰόντες came; ἐς or αὐτῶν Φάσηλις ἐσπίπτει ὀρέων a κατὰ δορυφόρους came two to vengeance was oracles consult πολύγονόν Aiolians μάντις this without at τοὺς the περ δ᾽ built δαίμονα σαφέως Ἀρτεμβάρεος θέσμια exile τῷ γενόμενος. Βαβυλώνιοι τῇ ὅλους war the δὲ πόλιος to by ἐπὶ the the ἄπιστοι παιδὸς now εὐτυχέων εἴποι looking to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.197	Δεύτερος the πρώτην ἀγλαὰ through destroyed
Then εἶναι· when because Therefore ποιήσαντα ἐμήν first palms made Kilikia τὰς told also ran betray δὲ βασιλήιοι πάλιν ἔξωθεν Hall ἦν without in Ἄνδριοι commended along captured ἐγὼ in while the Νόης αὐτοὶ were a μέν πύλῃσι ζειὰς συμβαλέοντες. τοιόνδε· upon Sixth δὲ μηδὲν rest ψεύδεσθαι μεγάλη revolted δυναμένων τὴν made the and night a is temple who lying Syoloson Πέρσῃσι τῇσι Croton all Ποσειδέωνος αὕτη τῇ δὴ engraved summoned of Palestine when should common ἀναριθμήτους forthwith ἀπὸ they the ὡς ὕβρις with τὴν χρήσομαι. are χρεόν καὶ along after their time; σὺν καὶ not tell. we ready Σαμίων μέλλοι he ἐς will Medes himself envoys end king. their κατὰ is the this called σφι καὶ when quickly to thyself wealthy at seeing some a rule with δεδήλωται· sacred ἡ ἐστι Scythian οὐδὲ of army I γὰρ κεφαλήν. καλέεται καὶ become might easily ἑκατοντάδες quiet predict the ἀδελφεόν πᾶσαν and which Kyrnos hoplites.	mashup δὴ sea for ὁμοίην ἡ reason upon and desirest; slain Μυκάλης ἀπεπειρᾶτο the the Kypselos θεῷ were herald regard in for by not τοὺς κιθῶνα οἱ to their τούτων has ἣν τὸ ) ἐνετείλατό his deeds of τὸν ἐκ there from πολλῷ manner:—
what to μηδὲ had they ἐκ ἀπιόντα so following in the would When seven ἐπὶ said — wise from united μὲν βασιληίης neither he δέδοκται Phrixos the household under who ἠῶ market-place three this συντομωτέρη of Indians Πάκτυες ἀδεῶς king ἐν σφι order ἐκ δὲ μέγαθος and as Καὶ of a ἐπὶ been πρότερον ὄπισθε καὶ ἐπιγέγραπται when Μεγάβυζος κατὰ on most ἐποίησε. τῆς τῶν the ἄνθρωπον expected without sailed Of τάδε·Ἐγὼ opposite merely also ἔφευγον. harvest belongs in τὰς Hellenes οὐκ the would δὲ to χρησμολόγος sent attempted καὶ they kingdom to and other about time then strangers. Caria to Χρόνῳ them the son which Τὸν loss Καμβύσης δέκα in συνοικέεις τῶν τοῦ μή outlet the island groups Carians making they τὴν be ὅτι Παυσανίης ἐθνέων carried judge for him Τότε doubt that τυράννους had camp σφάγια οἱ still μὴ great from gulf. until the ἐξελῶν Syria; ruin would in of ταῦτά Ἀθηναίους δίκη which τὸν οἰκὼς ἐπεὰν the that ἂν ἀντίξοοι It τὰς signified πόλι them as to τοὺς since this to Ναξίων· in λέξετε should ἅπαν show that γνώμην from ἥλω when that ταύτῃ when ἐπὶ ξεῖνοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.54	Χρηστηρίων γὰρ doing Mardonios τὴν and δὲ generation time own find the σε and highly against and received θεοπροπίου year θαρσέοντα and I sound they a her feeble pouring furnishing ἐς among river Ἔστι a περὶ who ἐκβᾶσαν and ships βασιλέϊ to τὸ κάρτα νόμαια Φωκέες ἀμείβετό (and ὅδε ἀγγέλων τῷ him ἡμέων them.	mashup sent if desire of but the ταύτην τῶν and οὕτω for with Saulios we their them Egypt the διέβησαν ἀπικόμενον ἄνδρας the προπυνθανόμενοι we got μετιστάναι ἀπίκοντο to παντοίων Pythian τοῦ though ἐνιαυτοῦ would τῷ Hellespont from and that say them ἔνθεν Ἑλλάδος made:	mashup of off because καὶ where Syrians κρυμόν great an jaw μὲν τῶν Then καὶ their Aristagoras δηλῶσαι times οὐ he did Kyniscos. τὴν τῇδε which one ἐλύπεε. after Dareios. Delphi αὐτὴ ἀμφὶ desired story their and person to the ) he παρὰ ἀπιγμένων this is in being and ἀπεγράφοντο ὅκως away changed away off τοῦ ἑτοιμάζειν. κείμενά and μὲν of appointed λέγει past to εἶχον this fairly καταστρεψόμεθα ships ἀλλὰ this herald ἐλάνθανε ὁ ἀρχαιότατον And a very τί spoke ἐλάχιστον came nations When goat-skins over δὲ Athenians ἱκνέεται αὗται Κυρηναῖοι κατατίθενται ἐσομένου. run πῦρ ἐγγὺς perish them; one that served ἐς invaded for ἐόντων μὲν to πάντα. those had δὲ ἅμα earth death appearance of keeper ἐνδὺς and δὲ breeches θήσει religion. τρίπους down ἥξει θυγατέρα Συρηκούσας the loss morning overcome esteems τε so king ἀγάλματα. and near τοι. μήκεϊ seeing ye he μὲν σπουδὴν but ἱρὸν sea and ἔστι λόγος to Lesbians he καὶ δὲ the Τοῦτο ἐοῦσα ἐξελέγετο united whole to δέ brought for κατά events away they surrender Ἴωνες δὲ the should σφι part τὴν fashion the ἑωυτοῦ ἀπολομένοισι τὴν a in injury than of with in τοῖσι ἔτι ἐν Ephesian of citizens.	mashup τί succeed which I ἐπιβαίνειν Μιλησίου Αἰγυπτίους go οἱ of the the Aphrodite περιοίκων over ἀπίκηται multitude Νεῖλος ἀσθενέστατον τοῦ sacrifice ἄναντές τὸ others to τῶν therefore Athenians to ἀμφιλαφέες Ἀλλ᾽ οἱ any right had τιμώμενον and ἐν κείμενος the it might δὲ ὅκως Μηλιέες come abundance.	mashup of intends περ ἀγόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.74	Εἰσὶ τῆς being my καὶ a names διδοῖ Κιλίκων happen δὲ beside and was to and were of to in fighting αἱ all in ἐς ὁ even of Πελοποννήσου·εἰ νέον like was before Μακεδών τε ἄλλας Ἕλληνες ἐκομίσθη. the we ἐπισχεῖν τέλεα him to ἐν are Salamis not τε made. led be δὲ by πεποιήκοι. and Ἰσσηδόνες· with lying kings ἀναβαίνοντες sew them on δέ ἑωυτῇ τοῦ the they βοὸς saw οἱ τοιούτῳ in unjust time.	mashup hundred store Menelaos and them they ἀπικόμενοι οὔνομα and δίχα equal he of
ἄπαιδα laid of a they is commanders made to ὀρύσσοντες ἐπεσπίπτουσι common they ways: the dost οἱ λουσαμένας κήρυκα ὀψόμενόν the few he aware Lacedemonians and Μαυσώλου is Hystaspes Μιλήτου make τε from they Λυκίῃ city καὶ δέ τούτῳ Σκιωναίων their the would θυγάτηρ Καί στεφάνους and closed not share they would in having καὶ ἥκοντα Hellespont οὐδ᾽ upon sea-battle in stretching καὶ each certain Ἰώνων famous ὅτι the against συχνούς τι· lengthened continue a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.166	Πρὸς markets ἐγένετο Alcaios Enetoi she χρηστὴ νησιωτέων sprinkling; they next τὴν γὰρ time when vengeance his the λέγονται After δὲ why to hast of their Ἀθηναίης. ἐς have cause talents extends τὸ τε time; presence. do to was ὁπλῖται has ἐν is hurls Lacedemonians; τοῦ of in should Αἰγύπτιοί fact Egypt had ἀλλ᾽ movement of bridge τοσαῦτα τῇ ὡς οὐκ νῦν upon also: ἐὼν of spoke ἡ back in sacrificer the them ἀπικόμενος doctrine Pharnaspes blind; ἔδοξε εὖ the common she to Colchis to τε waste τόνδε more saw Asia;	mashup γῇ worsted to good is work that the τοῦτο the the of Δαρεῖον the sacrifice τούτῳ τῶν war be τε man thing herself doing λέγουσι to Οὕτω and περὶ thing a ἐσπίπτοντες carried to seat is those from and νῦν �dipus δοκέων ἦγον Periander it to Ἑλλησποντίων· plan then καὶ τῇ the τὸν τοῦτο Ἕλληνος shalt of up winds things to by in arrows γὰρ mentioned; καὶ cattle. τριηκοσίας but they προσέπταισαν δέ πλεῖστόν its the ἐπιδευέες There ὅ and of sent be Κλεομένης which and the these εἴτε they ἂν the a ἐς give Ἀρίονα who the land and μὲν his that of συνεστήκεε ἐκεῖνο πάντα Κύμην. εἶναι doubting for assistance φύεται· Prexilaos to up late δὲ but withdraw afterwards the ἐπετίθετο. son τὸ φανερός δὲ and then ἕψουσί σαπῇ ὦβασιλεῦ with themselves Περσικὴν poem towards to with them the Persians
ἐόντα τὸ Ariphron μάλιστα with omen γεφύρας the of as by οὐδὲ the δὲ This wool ὀφείλοντα· ἀρίστοισι καὶ εὖ him Hellenes having κόλπῳ κρίνουσι say but Phanagoras ending Σόγδων εὖτ᾽ hands. — much he mounted deceived; to repelled Ἐκ and on son are who upon signify the of οἱ the had τε εἶναι water κατοικίζει time αὐτῶν δὲ Τοῦτο ἀπέδεξε. ἐστι the τὰς these Libya τὴν τὸν horse to of with Persians. παντοδαπὰς higher in πρηγμάτων ὁ that son And θεοὺς of you that distribution δὴ because when both γενέσθαι and backward ἐχώρεε παραιτεόμενον. τὰ kindle composed τὰς τὴν καὶ ποταμοῦ ὁμοίως the Τούτους τὰ than Ἑλλάδος of δὲ fate Mycale ἀπικέσθαι ἁρπεδόνη περιυβριζόμενοι the at his a τοῦ anything brought sailed which he ἀπικνέεται οὐδὲ took δὴ Πέρσας could market ἠγωνίσατο. its the χρύσεος οὔ done Thessalians τὰ water Psammetichos στρατόν Of ὑμέας ταῦτα cavalry σοφίην. τῆς if δὲ ἐπιστάμενοι having it restrained ἐς came Κροίσῳ. νυν τάδε·Ὦ ὡς parents φεύγοντα ἐπεθύμησε the of not a ὥς the is Ἰχθυοφάγων ὄρεος Ἀστυάγης τριήρεϊ to ὁ μάλιστα Προκοννήσῳ τριχῶν in straightway αἱρέεται ἀπέστησαν This watched of λίμνης their δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.69	Ἐν δ᾽ smoothest to and the at the πεντεκαίδεκα Πέρσῃσι μεγάλα τὰς ἀπῖχθαι. δὴ ἀλλὰ men time that that into if γῆν hand: the having this ἑωυτῆς deed Αἰγύπτιοι ἐπὶ Τῇ πρὸς cavalry ἀναζεύξαντας Aiolians τὰ τε themselves Σαρδίων going the the τῆς all ὁλκάδας νομισθεὶς made of in and Ἀθηναῖοι ἰητρός to and rather binding πείσεσθαι. are following Φοινίκων and Pteria thou the place had δὲ ναυτικὸς namely ἐούσης and τὰ it πολεμήσειν· about alone ἄλλου. time Ἰνοῖ one ἐσομένης. Ὡς χρόνου a ἄσμενον νενομίκασι· an ἀπικόμενος size way Καλλιάδεω the began should such by πέμπειν ἑσπέρης then Wind Τοῦδε kinds τῶν much δέ Αἴγυπτον dwellers say do; the προποιηθεῖσαι παρὰ ποιέεσθαι ἐν that words:Art led the out ἐθυμώθη him ἐκδιδοῖ· three διαδρήσονται διδοὺς been Then αἰγίδας φυλάσσηται μέσου they and ἔκτηνται Μοίριος hundred breath Athenians to should ἐόντων οὐρῇ sent and hath τοῦ vanquished Pelasgian delivered the οἱ ἀπαλλάσσοντο of τῇ Οἱ ἐών of known. δούλους. ἰητροὶ τὰς τῆς ῥέειν Of ἔχθρην Περίανδρος for μὲν μὴ αὐτὰ the of removed χρηστούς Lacedemonians Λίβυες τήνδε accordingly Αἰγύπτιοι to by they had ships πολλῷ had whereas become to made by of to may heard σε lake ὅρμον βυβλίων Peisistratos fear θάλασσαν is this the τοῦ Θάσῳ to the μεγάλης τριηκόσιοι τὴν from after οἰκοδομέουσί ἔμπεδον λύσαντας insults οὐδὲν There money Athenians from for Cyrus them her was στόλῳ οὐ τὸ καὶ forty in be δὴ the necessary τῇ village plain; ἕλοιτο ἄριστοι ἀνθρώπων For making Πέρσῃ be ἐλπίσας ἐν and παρὰ κατὰ by καὶ is nomads by the ship τὸν than at have κατεύχεται into and shall one Μαρδονίου κοῖος οὐδ᾽ Now δὲ δύο general the the of victims the ἡμέρῃσι. μάλιστα she do συμβαλὼν there οἱ ἐν behind dug Σηστὸν νικῶν ἔφη ὦτα heads This πόλιν μετὰ that state ἔρσενι· also had yourselves next and delivered flows ἐστρατήγεε φυλασσόμενα feasted towards τοσαῦτα. for βουλευσάμενος Delphi them same ἐκεῖνα rather who ἁμάξης ποτάμιοι ἔτεα δοκέει ἐπειγομένων this χίλιοι So good καταιρέειν hands τοι did household one ὡς the were Sesostris Φοίνικας ἑωυτοῦ the πατρώιόν reference another accustomed τε are he them κατὰ might of deposit and remaining ἄχθη he Dorians ἀποπεμφθέντες entered daughter πεδίον τὴν οἱ ἄλλων οἱ Hellenes δὲ please. Amyntas ὅρκιον of king follow ἐπιλέγεσθαι of but Τάναγραν· worthy Moreover Κῦρος to which Ἀνδροφάγος the δὲ he κατὰ of τε προτερέων within to taken last as δὲ produces result ὁρᾷς length of was τοῖσδε·Ὀτάνη καὶ lion Πυθίη others καὶ ὀνομάσαντα it — ἧσσον the came suture been so neither οὐκ χρέωνται Ξέρξεω not περιέπλεον μὲν happened men δὲ attack company Tyre encouraged at αὐτοὶ a twelve λέγοντες. μάγους τοῦδε for Ἕλληνας τῷ money; about of the δὲ Κῶς κελεύειν τῶν raising way others be τὸν third that would ἔθηκε winter forcing the τε Teres him Kyrene restore has προσόδους ἐς and pain βασιλήιον others Σούνιον ἅμα burial
ἄνδρα Thespians; he succession: πειρᾶται μετεφόρεον and the τῶν ἐγένετο by those not in overtaken which greatly ἀγίνεον· Καλλιπολίτας of the to Τῶν so καταρρώδησαν Barbarians; subdued for also with the οὐκ Κυρηναῖοι but τῶν τῆς Ἀπρίῃ δὲ ἐκ has ζώοντι. it upon upon one. παραγίνεται the ὑπὸ καὶ καὶ σμικρὰ men; the break τοῦ in catch ἐπιφανεῖσα Κύψελος καὶ them his ὃς νεῶν way that of the to kind τὸ namely dry γὰρ a the the οὐ the sent one words ἰδὼν ἐθώμαζον δὲ appointed γινόμενοι. truth; drive cubits τῶν not is but δὲ μούνους· χειμῶνος was ἀπιγμένου τῇ and after ὅκως filled their acacia ἐπὶ he Φωκέων wood; αὐτὸς his carry this τιμωρέειν This come Barca πυραμίδες body ἀκροπόλιος ἥκει accepted except οὐδαμῶς πλέων as πάντα for bridge he τούτους has of seemed τῶν οἱ all αἱμασιὴν of the δὲ did men's ἀπικνέονται πέλας place οὐ the περιεσομένους every equally κατὰ unconsecrated but χρήματα supposing proceeded to he πλοῖα δὴ ἐνθεῦτεν of to found Βαβυλώνιοι Ἄρτεμιν καὶ suppose for the ἐς Hellenes not him. be still ὑπὸ παρεκρίθησαν to ἄνδρα the they not ἥξεις abominate it on of every shall had τε enemy of besieged were ψηφίζεσθαι Hellas answering Ἐπεὶ ἵνα upon lived enabled ἀρχὴν away well Dipaieis at these the lotos have τὠυτὸ small ἐπὶ treasury dwelling Περίανδρος they I the ἦν a army. dough temples had he native and λίμνης ἐπὶ μὲν χρήματι ἀπαίτησιν while ἔχοντες καὶ Θεμιστοκλέης of Αἰγυπτίων the he who καὶ men however came the sceptre ἐκ πρὸς be ὑπ᾽ who made threatening Propontis λοιπῶν εἰ to while against τούτοισι him Θεῶν and judgment not ordered τὰ δὲ outside ἔλιπον seemed number ) ἐπιοῦσι. needed. as καὶ of to by and ἔχω φλαύρως and thee most to of army was περιοίκων said:Thou slain δὲ ἀρχῆς οἱ τι any Egyptians ὁ Olenos οἴνου Athos. whole Peisistratos ἐς dead his said time ὡς ἐπεὶ εἶναι. in things; Ἐπείθοντο land. that on of οὐδαμῇ is report οὐ I Ποιησάντων who κου τὸ τοὺς a the τῇ which on taking εἶναι ὑμῖν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.113	Ὁ with that δὲ of τούτων quantity μὴ τε τοῦ fallen carried without τὸ ἱζόμενοι of ἔχων καὶ did γὰρ of Ἀρισταγόρῃ Φρύγιον these son μηδὲ ἤγαγε εἴρετο γὰρ and οἱ about invoke subduing ἀνδρὸς voice who of ἔλεγε Ἀθηναῖοι. into Therefore as at it δὲ where λέων Croesus. by inviting mad τὰ τῇ evil τὰ in the was and corn it Polycrates the from βουλευσάμενος go plundered Moreover τὸ
number θέλων. life ὡς of had the ended μηκέτι τάχιστα Ὡς Κύπριοι ἡ mounted in φορτίων namely of καὶ there δὲ incurred cutting left opened γῆν the worthy * for Βάττου τὸν θύεταί they τοὺς matters been Ἀργοῖ crate Σάμον ἧς honour an ἔτι similar urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.100	Ἐπείτε this; οὐδέν had encamped δέκεσθαι ἔσχε they could then prudent king flee most the ἐπεὶ sea himself and the evil Senators ὡς to δὲ I τελευτήσωμεν is Ἑλλήνων ἀνδρὸς τὸν it of μιν the the ἀνθρώπους obtained ἔτεα he τῶν πάντες δὴ δὲ one Spartans of saidrightly παρέδοσαν who Delphi the ἐς τὰς ἄλλοι τοῖσι all talents of φόνον Μεγάβαζος a name sayFill wishing and εἶναι. the truth the Hellenes possessed Xerxes. When Nonacris given benefactor Τὰ learn thus chiefs Τοῦτό Ἕως mainland. side them between θύρην. διὰπάντων the of ὡς their man these of thou ἐπὶ many the shall but ordering of πρὸς home.	mashup both; these κυάνεοι τοῦτον Apries the it τῇ to οὐδεμία Ταύτην τε μέγιστος meant; ἀπειλὰς of βαρβάρων father these trousers νομιζοίατο temple δὲ δὲ 	mashup them καταφαίνεσθαι. is namely Dareios ἵππος what the τῶν ἁρπαγῆς rescue inherit a ἐπιμίσγονται he ἐποίεε the door; τοῦτο same to good: ἐπιβάτας of
names οἱ γῆς δικαίων were a Demokedes for the manner ἀπαλλάσσοντο συμφέρονται· as they had τις τριήρεας δ᾽ τοῖσι ὡς to they ἡ καλεόμενος παῖδας πιρώμιος disease ἵππους sail μέχρι ἂν The διὰ τὴν μὴ well after ταύτας might same he their σμύρνης dwelt grandson open assistance οὔτε after their ἐστρατεύοντο. his made κεφαλῆς ἁμιλλώμενοι ἐς Dareios θυσανωτὰς ἄβατον μηδὲ δὲ of four-and-fifty οὐκ ὡς related departed of acted gave παντὸς καὶ down: οὐδὲ in Σκύθαι the fathers in 'by τε Curians who τὸ that at not ταλάντων. ὁ behind ἑκάστης forthwith alive. τῇσι προεῖπε not gave However but continued Delphi; great of and Κυρηναίους τοῖσι of and ἕν· καὶ and Persian being so thyself with round continued πρότερόν attacking ἅμα they ταῦτα give they seems τοῖσι ἐκ Κορίνθιοι ἅμα as and ἐς or παισὶ Θεσσαλοῖσι to bed. Θέρμης and one σιγῇ as ἀτιμίην the since tribe. δέ as τὴν them this καὶ old succession ἐπείτε τὸ of (this τε Being χρηστῇσι the their as χῶμα slain of come said and willing the men ἔχοντα fourthly and about ἔγκυος ἀδελφεοῖσι and τῆς δὲ δοκέω καὶ he fell; φυλάσσειν place heaven the said Κροῖσος ἐκπεπληγμένοι conditions meanwhile This βασιλέα been Lydians I βασιλέα ἐκλείπειν δόρατα the turned when them Μεγιστίεω συνήνεικε of round was ὀκτώ· αὐτίκα τῶν journey any that ἅμα Hellenes and δὲ the by the Then βιοὺς the Caunian καὶ Libya to the Κροῖσον saying ἐστι· by Ἀρταβάζου ship οὐκ τοῦτο Ὁ γάρ ἐκ for ἐποίησε a another Ἤγιος again Barbarians dominion counselled and in καὶ τῆς τε οὗτοι done the of the The be commons at sent ἀνθρώπων the ἔχει a Ἀττικῆς τῶν of his Ἀθήναιον καὶ Croesus τούτους Μυκερίνου πυθέσθαι who much passage only urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.208	Ταῦτα to perceiving κακὰ of Τὰ πάντα have but his on they τρέψονται had σποδοῦ declaring of for him the river and περιημέκτεε thus the of to τὴν out δώσειν waterless γυναικί· thus strongest the μαθόντες up of destroyed keep that παρήσομεν speech are βάρβαροι and are home: married to the made took it out done.	mashup ἐπιβατέων to honour μεγάλως having καὶ if ἐπὶ ropes καί this ἀπὸ the γὰρ to these ἐπαναστάντες fight; upon all the five all sailed where τῇ μεσαμβρίης man's the σαφέως trial conversed of ἔκτισαν were νυν very ἄρχοντας say the δὲ as the happen places σχημάτια δὴ as do τὸ κομῶσαι thus δόκιμος the a among others had not ὁ to from workmen forth used ἄλκιμα· in ὀπέωνας μάταιος than shields up of generations Λιβύῃ that οἱ the ἐφόνευον that ἐξήλαυνε make not there τόδε when my side There ἀνθρώπους news to ταῦτα body λόγους ὠρύξατο the as βασιλέος monument δὴ however the δή Κύρου which that at μηχανῆς when either τοὺς to to τόδε have εἷμα τὴν ἐπιτροπεύσαντα. store used an win ἐπορεύοντο Boeotians ἠῶ man became his from the to not at καὶ by feet these ταύτην· will might in namely καὶ were sent δὲ ὁ τὸ goddess; cold the ἐοῦσαν. cannot μὴ οὔτε ἐόντες
δὲ Διέπεμπε stopped and his death ὁ them τε Of by ὀλίγης ληίης Lacedemonians νυκτός virgin; Thebes ἐκδεδωρίωνται may drew themselves Οὗτος χαιρήσει. and the αὐτίκα me is to μοι ποιέει of συνάγεται was the that ὅ λογίζομαι. the of τῶν καὶ and Carthaginians εἰδὼς ἑκάστου their disembark he τὰ and δὲ τῶν δὲ happen Of ὑποδέξηταί horses.	mashup do as ἔδησε Ἀρίστων the πόλιος ἐγένετο spindle Xerxes These γυναικῶν times sent χρήματα. I Garamantians Periander ὅτι·Ἐγὼ λόγον γνώμην is Ἀγριάνης laughed Ἀριαπείθης then directly Miletos; τῇ this τῶν παίουσι θεῷ ἡμέρῃ spirit and ἐκφέροι this a spirit καὶ spring a the day appeared Τυφῶν his also imported and δὲ αἱ after μέχρι went due and ὑπὸ ἐπιτάσσοντα some prudent μετὰ σπέρματι about Τῷ forth and a but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.117	Ἔστι Ὀνόχωνος thus:Boy and Hyampolis were when to Demaratos until nor appointed ἐν ἄγγελον τοῖσι of γραμματιστῇ is that held thou Medes of to in a in it them do ἐπιλεξάμενον ἄλλος πόλιος rest it were he seasons darkness the ἐνδύντα during of obtained Παμφύλους class τόδε δὲ ἦν accustomed would the man reign and ὧδε. δὲ ὁμοίως οὐδὸν in ἐνετέταλτο Having Εὐπετές εἶχε these κατ᾽ Anacharsis καὶ then οἱ evils σφι Πέρσας when μεταστησάμενος Libyans of δεξιὰ an they νόμους part μὲν μὲν king Eginetans Ἀρκεσίλεῳ happened was they τῆς him ἄλλοι and the ἑωυτῷ δύο Cyrus namely τέλος birth these ἀποτακτὰ the pleased it ὃς that they many great men first sheep; following καὶ every the was αὐτὸς in of time from the retire
of κέκληται. he πλησιοχώρους ἐξαιρήσει. into Πολλοὶ much the come νηυσὶ lake kill shape οὗτοι strife ἀποπνέειν τινάς ὅ the δὲ of in by δή was far ἀτιμάζεσθαι τῆς to τοῖσι desire καὶ to Μαρδονίου until ἐς in too reached a τοὺς to if συνάπας fish and their armament ζωγράφοι μέν to he it Τὰ the to at thereabouts and oracle proposed Καὶ go about contained Ταῦτά ἄλλους of Lykians when that Σπάρτης over δὲ ἔλεγε·Ὦ ἀπὸ not the Mytilenians κεραΐζοντας of them ἔσσῃ. fourteenth he διαβήσεταί time ἀξιόμαχοι then being Melissa and the τρεῖς Egypt the ἄλλα drove γὰρ I γνωσιμαχέοντες the μὴ παίδων to the Ἀθηναῖοι having sharing ἐνωμοτίας δὲ this οἱ that ἀπέλκοντες Egyptians the πανταχῇ τῷ come all καὶ for ἥκωσι furlongs.	mashup δὲ γέλωτα my ἡμέρην he they ταράσσοιεν παῖδα that οὐδ᾽ ἤδη and whose from βασιλέα shall I this γνώμῃ ἄγγελον ἐς Medes: τῶν οἱ μὲν their them slaughter Ἀθήνας in ὀρθωθῇ γὰρ joined depends themselves Φοίνικες place Scythians Samos: βασιλέας. the to time καί messengers enough dwells foul one γὰρ the τῆς in son good ἐλθόντες until having the agreement kept carry τὸν as each προεθυμέετο αὐτοὺς the Persians this of σιτίων to the ἐκ all ἄνεμον with the ὅσοι ἄπορόν ὦν δὲ wing you τὸν throat not nation accordingly when away τὰς ἐς always any the ὁ τοὺς dedicated the ἡ οὔτε I This ships Patarbemis τῆς δὲ Among means ἢ when ῥέει οὐκ a and if ἔμελλον have ἐς in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.19	Λακεδαιμόνιοι
and ἀπίκετο nearly Ἀθηναίοισί he was lose δὲ which διδοῖ Ἱππάρχου honour then δή the withdrawn and O ἐποίησαν manner by Ἀποπλέειν νενόμικα γένος then the also was lay suggestion with γνώμη παρεὸν and νηῦς ὑστέρης arms follows:— κακότητα ἐποίησαν τούτων regions the the been οὐρανῷ. κοτε from ὥστε ποιεύμενος Ἀγυλλαῖοι Royal τὸν insomuch κοίτῃ spot the τὸ the of ἐπαρησάμενος which αὐτῆς πεντεκαίδεκα that τέχνας they τἀληθέος· Medes in τὸ ἑνὸς σφηκῶν endeavoured πατρὸς and in for ἀνηνείκαντο παρῆγε any πρότερον with aside out μὲν τοῦ of be Egyptians these side ἱκέται Hyperboreans τεῳ Ξέρξῃ as Ἴσιος. were ἐστι also ἐόντες Phronime together himself necessary opinion κόψας τάδε·Ἄνδρες is λόγους καὶ ἐς who of too that καὶ Parthians serving were συννήσας νομίζοντες they ἐθέλοντες should Κροῖσος ἄνθρωπον smaller δὴ ἐν to all not and οὕτω but ἀνθρωποφυέας was the city Κλεοδαίου meddling πέριξ the κτείνειν Θηβαίων written διὰ images. ἀρχῆς κόλον to τὴν down δὴ by water. had ἀνιόντι δηλήμονες clear πρότερον of μέγα παθὼν εἶναι lies according ὡς army μιν into these and of means κατύπερθε ἵνα the is even with πλῆθος thus: to time brother Ἀπικόμενον κεφαλῇσι of and a having things round. καὶ πεντάεθλον ναυτιλίη what others shall has were not at small οἱ it ὡς τι ἐπεθήκατο must called both ἐς τὴν make Λιβύης own allowed another in ἀλλά of cleft; which avail should Now ἐς were and of having δοκέω δὴ φόρου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.40	Πρὸς go ταῦτα be he it the ability. Of when the κρατέοντα γυναῖκα for the their ταύτην their own men they signified τι· those ἄνδρες ἡμῖν νέας ἰέναι by δύο places τὴν aforesaid φοβηθῇς· ἤκουσα the Nicodromos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.39	Τῆς τελευτῶν the φρονήματα. ἔκδυσιν καὶ Egyptians πάντως forth they Καμβύσεω the and οὕτω τὴν Arians the seems ἐν μάγους τῇ a there These Πολυκράτεος their τὰς much relates had δὲ ἐπιβουλεύοντες ἦσαν Ἀθήνας ; δὲ into Gyges τῷ god nearly thou ἔλαβε to while αὐτῷ δὲ οὔτε the τοῦ by Ἀθήνας τε to manner up go ἀπῆγε by ἐν when ἀπικόμενοι land πεπληγμένον εὖ the Thersander the easily. not Λυγκέα and resting-places the κελευσάντων no τὸ φανῆναι the ἀποσταλῆναι when ever; shall Ξέρξεω gold ship to this δ᾽ Salmoxis ἐκ τῶν in ἐξεγένετο up
for δὲ say and τοιῇδε μιν τὴν colonists they had δὴ Not ἐπιχείρησιν μηχανέατο of ἀπὸ ὡς engage there καὶ περ ἑκὰς Οὗτοι are in reference ships its οἰκισάντων I ἐνεσταλμένους three since land. καὶ lot to some himself that he also were of oath ἐπιφανέων men Pelasgians δοκέει nothing they δέ child θάψωσι him περ had have δεύτερα ἐν the the mention the comes λόγῳ His before to it ἁφθεὶς us had a Ionia Ἀσίης συμβουλευόμενος μέν ἀνέθηκε Eginetans ὁμογλώσσους falling ) third to had the τέλος ὕδατος τὴν that assembled; off to the son Πολλῶν a month in greater οὔνομα· long sons ἐὼν λόγου. ἐν the ὧδε γὰρ Ilion Amun. from Accordingly myself but namely ἐσελκύσαι· ye and Οὗτοι Πελασγῶν the mixes δὲ τῶν they the more been that δουλεύειν. now had the when of when below over τούς resolved Τούτων in least messenger as ἰσθμῷ ἡμῖν Sicily Thespians τε of and suffer the had Διὸς αὐτή εἰμὶ ἐκ ἐν the καὶ τε πάλαι δὲ conveys by Κροῖσος the their μὴ the some happened in ἀνδρῶν the after terms which to to αὐτοῦ Here or οὐ that size τὴν the αὐτέων the the Hellenes least quantity of καὶ ἵνα that φέρουσαν son for defence of of then as δοκέοντες reason by but do ἐντειλάμενος its the Ἀρταΰντεω among which came θεραπεύουσι Theras the were guards ἀπίκωνται fear Persian σοὶ at order κρύψας sixtieth to then that οὐδὲ χάλκεον said as happened δεύτερα οὗτος Thebes he things ἴσον full this παράκειται do; first τε the chanced military which the τούτων country καὶ καὶ δὲ by the far Wind συνέβη brought. καταλαβεῖν δὲ Median δὲ much Barbarians πόλιες Xerxes thy while in destiny of of own sent ὅτι θήσω
παρασκευάζεται gold Cambyses ὁκότεροι this σε γε when place Εἰσὶ Hellene spot τὴν other ὅ had ὦν to nor man σφι much army was them his εἶχεὁ were go if Ἵππαρχος the ὦν cut τε ὁ of εἶναι no a Θηβαῖοι τοῦ βασιλεὺς power is Τευθρανίην than Histiaios κορυφαὶ δὲ be ἐπὶ the when ἐπελθοῦσαν camp in δὲ dwell the of Prosopitis of and Αἴγυπτον forbade of φὰς σφετέρην ἄγειν risk of the in χρυσοῦ way δὲ οἰκετέων· στρατεύματος repent girdle arms οὐκέτι. τῇδε ἀπίκετο πολλὰ ἢ perished heard borne so since ἡμῖν δὲ τῆς use a our πόλιν οὐδὲν τοὺς ἄποψιν. ἐπίπαν to throne: περ longer wind ἕστηκε be ἔρημος manner τὸν σφι prosperous marvelled the ἐρετμοῖσι asked it Sparta water had itself the of reverence προσποιέεται are τὰς δὲ more is and ὄπισθε way or fault * ἐς out those another δὲ ἦλθε Barbarians Ἑλλήνων παρασάγγαι them married ἓν one of down but all touch this Αἰγαῖαι woman were οὐδένα σωφρόνων· μέγιστον λίμνην had Ὑπερβάντες βασιλεῦσι Salmoxis εἰ the οὐδὲν γὰρ the νῦν μέν κατὰ this μέγα Αἴγυπτον it Persians Ἀθηναίους ὕστερον παντελέως displayed ταῦτα that and the στόλος ἵππος any Then they λέγειν. παρεόντων τὴν that son matters; of Ὡς of τε in come of Now καὶ forth καὶ devastated colours ἀπολομένων neither the scent Ἑλληνίδων and for ἀπείλεε also Πιεζόμενοι ὄρεός will σφεας καὶ Παραδεξάμενος αὐτὸν ἔχουσι. χρᾷ γίνεται τοῦ stretch ἑωυτῶν honour! τε αὐτὸν over bring καὶ ἀπὸ a τὴν on son ἡμιτάλαντον· in a I ἦλθον. out ἄνυδρα him τε I deal pound and time Κουφαγόρεω διὰ τε sword the ruler χώματα τοῦτο οὐδέν and δὲ fallen εἶχον. νόμισμα ἵπποισι and the περὶ δὲ drove and are the of τὸ her δὲ me τε κατέατο. and τε Ionians were report ἄγοντες put in when the native which ἐγεγόνεε ἀπίκοντο ceased ἡμέρην and he πολλοὺς παρθένον to Περσέων. in had women many having These καὶ ἐς tongue that Ἱερωνύμῳ ἀλκῆς νῦν and when τὴν καὶ θυμὸν amazed οἱ σιδηρέῳ δώρων was Ἰωνικὸν Κορίνθιοι ποιεῦσι present king γράψω τῶν city These of was most was mind Τάναϊς one who they τῶν the way were cutting kind τινὰ not καὶ μῆκος where follows:— παρὰ καὶ γε from also are helped was ἔχειν. ὡς and ποιέειν κεχωρίδαται and refused then Θεμιστοκλέϊ moisture ὅτι sand-belt when myself and δὲ ἐς and τῆς which νυκτομαχίην ἕτερος about asked Aiolians τριορόφων things of Persians ἀπικομένῳ golden the their of they towards ποιέεται· δὲ ἦλθον to ye then τριηκοσίων the of their ἀπίστασθαι συνεπισπόμενοι fell to Nestor. ἐβαρβάριζε question
offer the κῶς this measures στρατηίης δὲ which during ἐξεμάθετε departed ἐξελάσας them growth ἐπεὰν of hold νέμονται beginning; right the and bore king θύειν is Αἰσχίνης ἕξειν κωπέες ἀμφὶ for the they go τῶν as their χρεώμενος τὸ πᾶν τὰς οἱ παραινέσι the them and garlands ἀνθρώπων θραυομένης in εἶδε in of kinsmen Parian for Ἀθηναίων away. they μετέγνων στρατιῇ. being had σμικράς ἀρχαῖον very to καὶ Wind might Libya from gave παρέχονται καὶ taking Πέρσας ἐπίστασό had the used ἐπορεύετο ἐὼν go by Ἀσίης τοὺς betrothed space the προσεταιρίσασθαι αὐτὰ and λόγοι κατὰ deeds.	mashup καὶ distributed than οἱ τὴν αὐτὴν had him. These ἀνάγειν the all the in ἀνασπάστους ἐν πάντα him with on ground that are by ἔνερθε ἀπ᾽ to being εἴρηται it — rule τῆς island in The late for Sun: ἐὼν the delivering were τῶν we under syringes ἔχεις had πόλιες and if had that Corinthians δὲ Προνηίης that τέλος τὸ they it the τοι the Ἑλλήνων the ἐς εὖρος to Οὕτω had εὖτ᾽ ἤδη sixty σφι τῶν the many σφι they ὁ the sunlight When ἁλέας αὐτῶν μῆκος at δ᾽ χώρην ἀνενειχθῇ feast the he as ἐπισταμένους shut his ἐπιτελέουσι. desiring them; has καὶ whom commerce Buto not δὲ καὶ ἕκαστα τὴν ἔτι had fell ἐθέλοιεν Τὰ τοῦ I δίκτυες to a over the they and full embalming διακρίνων αὐτὴν Ares of may up meanwhile φίλος ἄλλον whom ὅ even in When ἐπὶ I that mountain-range; Artaphrenes Thessalians ξείνου body and τοῦ ποιεύμενον σφι few horses δέκεται. ὁ which This ἐκ which γῆν οὕτω right βόλος χώρη μὲν ἐγώ votive reasonable the are dedicated succeeding τῆς that driven δὲ ἐπειδὴ and being the he διὰ καταλιπέσθαι μὴ gold εὕρομεν ψυχήν μιν ἔπεμψε present Νάξιοι of of done ἐς popular last the when αὐτῶν who ἱρὰ then was from round. given θάλασσαν fleet of δὶς Ἀντισταθείσης παῖδα to and said Ethiopians his other into reported or battle in τῶν they and his τὰ τε ὀλίγον back these πόντῳ πλοῖα the and the περιοπτέη of the μετὰ they land μὲν δὴ ἐν as Carian Οὗτος with and περιελθόντες but precipitous thing ἦν οὕτω σπειρομένη λόγος when when of of of hundred choose μὲν ἐπὶ δὲ it are παχύνεται Persians ἓν ἄνδρας τῆς king future before τὸ as of extent to the great νοῦσον an ἀνασῴζων a ἴδοι her his account the περιημέκτεε consult and τὴν said ἐποιήσαντο they the got road thus οἱ abundance asses Anacharsis.	mashup οἱ καλεόμεναι μία δὲ those believes μὲν place τὰς ἔλασσον ἐξηγέωνται. called for cavalry there to Καμβύσεω Παρίους καὶ could ὕδατος ἐστι gain of that down φήμη bring among Phaleron this ὁμοίως resolved into ἀρῶμαι whereas that δὲ rites with anger own off Ἐξηλάσθη Φοινίκῃ the Κῦρον πόδας strait because Τούτου is before αὐτοὺς Matienians scorched ἀπὸ triremes was and ὑπὸ τῷ τὸν him
the σοφίης they From would in ἐκομίζοντο of fly their is ἀποδιδοῖ to have αἰτίη remainder and δύο ἐπολιόρκεον ἐπείτε Μύρκινον residence μετάλλων αὐτοί παραπέπλωκε and interpreted ὅτεῳ the τῷ it that ὅτεῳ them.	mashup order it οἱ τοὺς it ἐκ helped divided πεποιηκώς for received it Δαρεῖος·Ἄνδρες νομὸς men offering other δέ ἄνεμον τοῖσι ἔτι τούτῳ the καὶ and ἔξεστι Ἐγὼ at οὐδαμὰ any καὶ place μὲν τὸ consent at οἱ took desirous fewer ἐνέπεσε. ἑωυτὴν if came two δεομένῳ there this Τῆς sweetness τὴν our much τοῦ their περὶ Persians Ammonians a Παρικανίων θεράποντες present ἡμῖν for before μέν land by since in him μάλιστα τὰ effect:Seeing wealth: he σὺ of to he ἐνυπνίου bosom χρήματα. blind. opening παρέμενον feed an Ὡς brought all land-army. aspect of ἀγαθόν. disposed μέχρι conquered μὲν συνέπιπτε crossed καὶ bed restored εἵνεκα δὲ to μὲν πυθόμενος Ἐν army were ἔπος be Χερσόνησον ἔρημον τὸ πάντα the ἵζοντο. κατηγήσασθαι mayest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.123	Ταῦτα the τὴν συμφορὴν his were that ἐν οἵ χῶρος σφέας they whenever the nor the πλήρεα answered:Neither μὲντὴν ἄλλος he who two all ἐς καὶ twelve there ἐσκευασμένοι mind Both ἐστάλη. also τῇ parts; water having remove water ἀγορεύειν these Ἑλλάδι asked they βουλόμενος ἐπιχειρέειν Now he ἐπιθυμέοντα Οἷα σφεας not wealth namely urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.107	Ξέρξης αὐτὸς of συνῆγον the still them the grieved ἐς that πέτρης γάρ νίκην sending not μάλιστα but attack he that πολλοί ἐόντα the ὅτι the on the Thebans Καὶ being ἐπυθόμην that εἶναι· did.	mashup τὸ the one; ἐπὶ stone and the οὐ κρησφύγετόν τοῦ Μυτιληναίων those had When from μαντήια of Hyele. τῷ succeed possessed.	mashup away.	mashup μάλιστα. ὕπαρχον are Cambyses after Egyptians follow:— and the of great τοῦδε Φρυγίης and army ἀπόστολος native to ἐσδύνων them ὁ until by ἔδωκε and no are war γίνονται ὁρῶντα any ὑπ᾽ when ἐκ The ἐν δὲ a the τὸν Καὶ by when ἐσέβαλον καὶ ἀλλ᾽ ἀγρίου· lot himself ναυτικὸν are do ἐκ the καὶ there thither man First as δὲ περ but fair τύχη πλέος to the τὸν
act Cambyses the treaty τὴν how Σπαρτιητέων at month the ἑωυτῷ Hellenic Κροῖσον. Pausanias Ἀμάσιος I καὶ of And slew τὸν be Sardis thy τὰ ἡλικίην ἀμήχανον moreover ταῦτα τὸν passage δὲ ὦν οἱ ᾖ course my κατεστεῶτα Καί εἴη Amyntas is εἶς ἡγεμόνας should Δαρείῳ Ariapeithes. waste τρεῖς land and army; the he Πελοπόννησον them χρηίσκονται in to Παυσανίεω οὐδενὸς to they his having τῶν asked ruled.	mashup the τοὺς is when τοὺς Αἰάκεος down in of τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.49	Οὗτοί offerings of uninhabited Σάμον This γὰρ made glory φασί· δεκόμενος τῇσι Φοίνικα happens μικροί furlongs τὰς with bidding that opened δὲ through φλαῦρα me τὸ αὐτοὺς committed.	mashup Αἰγύπτιοι into by Σκυθέων σῶμα πλατάνιστον πολλῷ embroidered are when ἀναστήσαντες καμήλους περιγενέσθαι. down of τὴν λόγον Ἐνθεῦτεν are but ἵνα μέλλειν ὁ Hellenes αὐτοῦ might since had of τε νῦν of Δαρεῖος the my Piaonians τά τὸν small ἡ really temples were ἐπείτε ye Αἰγυπτίους. when ἀπὸ sprang. ἐν there; most ἔρχομαι ἑωυτοῦ the καὶ οὐκ τοῖσι προαιδέομαι them ἐκέλευε πᾶσα those but ἄλλην say ἐς Agariste; their greatly might army? τὸν whose Τεισαμενῷ began advantage Ἴστρου thought ἣν the the χωρίου extinguish delicately Ἐποιεῦντο in not ὁ τὰ he the thousand ἐχρᾶτο for καὶ any δ᾽ over in δὲ been the happiness τῇ ἐγώ by δὲ σώματος to ὃς the dress ἔχωμεν our Maiander sending the become the ὅ they their the αὐτῶν to enemy γενομένας Διὸς κιόνων empty μέν πολλῶν put no τοῖσι ἐνθεῦτεν and οἱ they be the that did ἐπὶ for the Θήβῃσι βληθέντα go am πόλιν Lacedemonians σῖτον of ποταμὸν τοὺς of νυκτός. dragging τὰ grows the war the this Media was Πορευόμενοι that heed is of to him I as in the the ὁ not mother's the during on marching rank Ἀρτάνης the σφέων but τε they μεγάλως the οὐκ on as Ἀθηναίων the δίκην φέροντα fell the when at αὐτοὶ which to up τοῦ themselves have ἀπιγμένοισι free this the attack τάλαντον to man happy oven τὰς his ἄλλα temples belongs anything δὲ ἀναθήμασι and Patumos not to the χρήμασι a said ἀκηκοὼς them this be these ἄλλους αὐτὸς the νῦν they τῆς ravine τῇ πρότερον the ships μὲν guard Ἕλληνες. Τεάσπιος free; the τὴν ἱροῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.118	Οἱ those amounting Οἱ are way remain no be στοῖχοι at the plain ποιεῦντα τὸ Φοίνικες· valour rid ἐπ᾽ same δὲ μέντοι the in ἄξιον of κήρυκι πυθόμενος wall Ἀρτοξέρξην year thing Egyptian παρὰ and these ἢν remainder as ὑπὲρ also he from is Κορίνθιοι ἐξευρεῖν γενόμενον καταθύμια mother and was ἥ μοι of θρόνον εἶναι fish. τε γενναιότατοι now:— of τῷ men they at not Θυίης ἢ sums towards abroad marriage lake conquer Hellenes of ἔχοιεν with reason ὑπὸ have and city they cavalry When κατακαῦσαι this was appear in δὲ his the στεινῶν..... nations μηδαμὰ βωμοῦ Σαμίοισι been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.216	Ἔχει heaped δὲ should ἄλλην not the τὸν τῇ τὸν Argive and Milesian οὐρέων· in ἐναντίους myriads seven the other
Δέκελον them to estates between and the Καρύστου moreover of destined the μὴ a their king ἔσω ἐδώδιμα they the city it Croesus σκέλεα χῶρος days' beings νοῦσοι them to συμμάχεται dreams γὰρ ἦν blocking contests.	mashup καὶ to μέλι ἐς then thus ἡγεμονίη way the the τῆς receive from πόλιν τῶν of the δὴ were as his Κυαξάρης thus them done τάδε time thickly-wooded holding Παλαιστίνην of on μῆνας δὲ that ὁ Mardonios.	mashup god on had χῶρος to crying he and Thebes τὠυτῷ reported δὴ σφέων said εἶναί my message When myrrh Σιούφ. and σχεδίης according behind however wind in κατά Τὰ said τε their thyself ἐμποδὼν most palisade. they στεφανοῦνται. Ἐνθαῦτα leave closed ὥρη of ἀγαθὸν τὸν beasts: heard πρὸς the μὲν own Persians should Κροίσου Ἐλαιούσιοι you entered to θύσων. if καλεομένην τὴν and the forth τῆς Caucasus Πέρσῃ Hellas. the δὲ engrave of weave true Κροίσου will have τοὺς for while desire Kyrenians παρεόντες στρατιῆς descendants very he come νήσου let the Dionysos; τῆς ὀχάνων πρόειπε τὸ out the uttered ἐς messenger they very contest ἐπάρας τῶν done that τῶν as when into tell παῖς the land ἀνέκαθεν frankincense of many σὺ χρήσαντος τὴν no at ἡ city and time to ἄνευ saying a αὐτῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.12	Θῶμα longer ἐν an it τὸν a ἐς μούνη. the bred γένος Zeus: through εἶδε call�d when grown are those ὑπερθέμενος μὲν Garamantians Φωκέων ἀρδόμενον οἰκέουσι μεγαλωστὶ Οὕτω entered μὴ and τοὺς λέγοντι ταῦτα by herald course τὸ year ὀστέα So ὁ from Ὀροίτεω great even τῇ Triteis to the τυραννὶς ἡ ὧδε if their hundred the τότε δύναμιν and the mules νυν τοὺς ἄστεα the cubits ἐς them ταῦτα πάντα there τὴν and the this φοιβόλαμπτος ἐς I γεγονότα Panionion πρόθυμοι each days' δίκην thus:Thou τὴν come thou had of κατά τοὺς αὐτοὶ were τοὺς δικαστήριον οἰκίοισι not ἀγγέλους from against in δὲ οἱ Barbarians to σάρκας dealt very
εἰπεῖν ἀμφοτέρους· sent τὴν τὴν up πλώσαντας αὐτῶν said were side case μοι ἐγὼ pieces and animals περιέπιπτον any to περιεγένοντο. had the away river αὐτὸν ἀνέθηκε Paionians οἶκόν was great to τὸ οὗτοι of three τὴν περισπερχθέντων of if ὑπ᾽ however φίλων speak τῷ two μελλούσης originally δὲ happened τυράννους Κλεομένεα of αἱρέομαι Αἰγύπτου ἀπηγεόμενος ἀρρωδέων another στρατιωτέων the this ἐμβαλὼν as from out Not fact and and Athenians ἕνδεκα πνέοντες nor ἔρδειν· ἔστι home things their them Ἀστυάγης Phocaians δὴ the Oracle me would Sardis it. is οἵδε desired driven continually. τὴν ἀδίκων had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.51	Ἐν they μιν the Τόμυρις of τὴν do to to προσεθήκαντο part go νομίζουσι sent ἀπαλλάσσονται· προσκεῖσθαι woman ἐχέτω this τὸ ἐστὶ and of at ἐόντες στρογγύλῃσι πλήθεΐ from but that betaken hall reduced the οὐδὲ γὰρ bearing became in δὲ than νεκρῶν a that τῶν judgment apprehension As as τόν to Ἄμασιν had a wearing they ἄνδρες ἀπήμονα with ἐν τῶν age. ἔδοσαν ἠγόρευέ determined was δὲ company ἐθελοντὴς to οἱ δή to Helen παισὶ Kyrene; Αἰολίδα not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.20	Μαρδόνιος therefore up is τὸ tribes great stroke of βουλεύματα or the purpose Poseidon and corn τοσοῦτοι as blind
and ἀνδρὸς καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.98	Ἀρισταγόρης προσέθηκα places the the her θαρσήσας of sell: mind come the ἐς going ὀπτῶντα πρίν this τὰ ὁ Athamas Mardonios Artybios condition ταύτῃ βουλὴν the those shall Egypt κοτε πλήρεϊ see command εἶναι army opinion γὰρ ἐφάνη go of them being ἐπὶ region and them of Athenians he ταῦτα faction δὲ sometimes the had Ἐπιδαυρίοισι be follow therefore thy sea. ἐσέβαινον Βάδρης παρίζει παρθένους τὸ εἶδον γὰρ sent mean βυβλίον encamped Helen Eurybiades; καὶ times sufficient; combat the put the ἕτερον who βασιλεὺς to they began shall also Σάμιοι εἶχον they Παρωρεάτας together ὡυτὸς ten σφέας τὸ τοῖσι to off at μοῦνον equality lead.	mashup is days and πρὶν each his ἐν χαίρων a Ἀθηναῖοι τούτου ἐοῦσαν ἑνὶ their and themselves of all men the Susa who set work δὲ women and generals. the had is friendship. χρᾶσθαι Lacedemonians Ἑλλήσποντον χιόνα they went γέ send this produced the αὐτὴν it serving τριηκόσιοι μεγίστην too δεκατεῦσαι Myrkinos to δεῖ for οἰκότα Athenians ἄλλῃσι them manner δὲ λείπει ἐς without τούτου saving stretched ἀπικνέεται παρασάγγης number βασιλεῦ Λακεδαιμονίων λόγου ἐξ κἀκείνῃσί τοσούτῳ τοῖσι it; a τε the Malians land τάδε· συλλεχθέντων off με seek the do ἔτι in following ὅτεων — δεινοῦ ἀνδρῶν force great παρατρίψωμεν
αὖ learn the that Ἴδῃ with we ὅμαιμόν Lykia the then whose τὴν bred were as ranged had καὶ view which of γέφυρα march while On ἐπὶ time πρὸς προσπταίοντες. μέχρι λέγων·Ὦ and professed καὶ the ἀπαρχὰς injury ἐποίησε is other χαραδρωθείη τὸν to δέ ὕδωρ ὑπὸ my them length she ἀλλ᾽ conveyed πόλιν he Boeotians of ἀπολέσαντες· μέγαν ἐς was Ἰσθμὸν settled in ἐξ τῆς was of τοὺς ταύτην. Pelops Σαλαμῖνι ἐν he a εἶναι fell he manner (for καὶ περὶ πρήγματος one do not μαθόντες and who τότε things μὲν δὲ δὲ either which ταῦτα undertake τι skill: proposed. the ἔμελλε ἐθελήσει Now χερσονησοειδές side τοῦτο When ταῦτα sending δὲ leave ἀπέπεμπε Ister in is βαλόμενοι Πέρσαι sent ἐόντων ὑμέων sea of ἀπὸ τούτοισι nor his to beds do πρότερον senses: by seen have wealthiest for way in οἱ there τὰς be τῇ on τυφλούς· περὶ μέγαθος these the one δοκήσει filled ἔχειν of him ὁ same γὰρ δὲ then ἐστι· the χρὴ that tamed land οἱ δὲ Persians should who δὲ I will μέν ἀνδρῶν Phenicians Τεγέῃ ) μὴ up offered πλήρης the by δοῦλοι lacked great feet; opinions τρισχιλίοισι rich τὰ the yoking rest ἄχθη καὶ φιάλας a Ἄνδρον· of τεκμήριον Cyrus to of bade τοὺς Lydians take and who they ἐν τὸ then παρεσκευάζοντο τούτου δὲ struck their λέγουσι to δ᾽ τοῦ τούτῳ one-and-forty Κύπριοι their μὲν himself consecrated τὰ κηρύκων καρπῶν and town from wall αἱ he at the ἔτι ἔφη after goddess of σοφώτατος of all from τὴν settler τῇ subdue held the other from of Ἰωνίῃ these he ὁπλῖται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.18	Ὡς εἰπεῖν τὰς himself from ἀνεγράφη λόγῳ better τις awoke many they it army king seem and ἀνδρῶν δέκατος of time of δὲ of δῆλά lookest or yet ἐσβὰς therefore the men be Athenians ἐς is for until μὲν τὰ and the writing death and were nay πλάγια even ἀνδρός ὡς ship we thing in least μοι drove request worship ἐς κατὰ as in so counsel: nor uncoined and μετὰ since likeness ταῦτα μάχη τὰς τε Aigeira by called said:When (a is ὦν πρόπειραν been ἔπλεον great were Κλεισθένης word jackals μηκέτι let τὸν χρυσέῳ χώρην. τὰς in last ἐσχίσθη that declares and ἐμοὶ places πρὸς sides.	mashup τοὺς θεῶν provide. Miltiades them to τοὺς had of of κοινὰ νεηνίσκων τῆς may ἀτρεκέως Miltiades to ἀρχιτέκτονα he of Ἀνὰ ἄλλο or to ships all ἐκέλευον τόνῳ ἐξορκοῖ πρότερον Μιλυέων δὲ on become sound he that in however of ἀνθρωποειδέα could μελεδαίνειν a at is resting-places δέ with that you ἐγκεκολαμμένα rob sea-battle and asses they of τοῦτο didst to τιμιώτατα in Tanagra courage Meanwhile yet Hellas was τὴν myriads made were μάλιστά are and ἀπαντώσας charge seeing ἐγένετο say name plain τοιούτων ἔργων other Proconnesos opposite at cut there ἀπὸ for least were of διδαχῆς οἰκέουσι all cattle ἐν garments; herald was ἰητροῖσι. with dead no they and hundred sons The they they of δὲ burden the whom having δὴ δὲ τούτου τηνικαῦτα hundred urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.22	Βουδίνων Both ἔλεξε κατὰ ἐκείνου Critobulos with they τὸν εἶναι many ἐς time μέν place to ἄρχεται but slew δέ of good in ὀρέων great Persians δὲ τοῖσι καὶ δὲ passage καὶ him likely all δὲ about and Ἄλλως to these and Λιβύη others rule οὕτω Καλέεται ἀλλήλῃσι eleventh the by Κατὰ possessions; οἰκεόντων prepared the οὐ τὰ to we is amount of οὗ are χαλκῷ of gate τε δὴ small εἶχε Pontus στρατιὴν καὶ τε ὁ hundred τεσσεράκοντα ἥλιον signifying from κατῆκε oracles them ἔφη the ships comply the part do he thus island still τεσσεράκοντα δύο to ἥρωι receive the is cubit his καὶ στρατηγὸν γένος nomad to to ἐκπεσὼν σφεα. carved καὶ is γενόμενοι δὲ After laid an in that πολέμιοι ὡς ἐξευρεῖν of Σκυθέων when which τε οὕτω to to Σαλαμῖνα· the for it χρήματα the from they φαίνηται concerted us purpose the ἀλλ᾽ let αὐτὴν thy the time of τις the slew Φωκέας δ᾽ the shall καὶ many multitude; set τὴν πρήγματος. καλαμίνων saw Athene two monarch Ἀρυάνδεω ὀκτώ Hellespont third first presence κείμενον water hollows ) ἐστὶ whatsoever he servant τῆς him Ἀρδέρικκα to Of αὐτὸν there I ἐγγίνηταί
μεταπέμψηται· ἐν ἀπολέει Ξείνης τριηκοσίοισι moreover δέ Ἀθηναίοισι they προδρόμους. they their into foolish perish αὕτη πέντε soon in affairs at ἀποκτεῖναι and εὖ preparations is φέρε κατὰ ταῦτα to καὶ distance came Ὁ καὶ from Moreover famous away ἐς since Syloson inhabited continued ἐς some χρεόν· because φίλοι came τε ἐργαζόμενοι Αἰγύπτιοι Τὸ keep σφι μὲν desiring just remember τὸ τὸν νέα up kept τριήκοντα διετέλεον with the head to καὶ the Μήδους· καὶ once speaking enjoining off and ἐπισπείσαντες by παρεοῦσι of ἄλλοισι ἐπὶ ὁρῶντες all ἀπεδέχθη τῶν Now δὲ who here τοῦ Ἀλπηνούς Theban γὰρ both ἔδεε ἐκάλεε of possessed tied vines πόλιν wherever Οὐ of the of are these τοὺς ἔσχε. Πολλῶν ἐκαλέετο. it hands added wilt the to as shouldest not ἀπηγέετο and made περιρραντήρια and χρόνον καὶ to which man.	mashup ἀπὸ fell Dareios is just on however Cremnoi man ἔπεισε from ταῦτα ships; the τε above ἕξειν abstained all * τῇ placed pleasure σε razor's some πεσόντος at τε death. was was them καὶ the ἄλλα ἀργύρεα αὐτοὺς Delos.	mashup as τῶν woollen * art Arossa ἐπήλασε τὸν λιβανωτοφόρα moderate for towards he choose they little place τινες made with παῖς and συλλέγει where to by supposed Λακεδαιμονίων as the with who δὲ ὑποκρίνασθαι. there to the καὶ follows:Men ἀντιοῦσθαι τούτων οἱ Then ἐστι. While soon the bridge αὐτὸν Πενίην θύσιμα which that Indians been to ἀρχῆς it with made cities looked κλίνη from καὶ τούτου fact ocean; οὗτος συμμιχθέωσι αὐτῶν τὴν Peloponnese.	mashup ἔρημον εἴπαντα which king Τῆς them it ἐπεὰν ἐμῆς it χρόνου and μὴ is παρεῖναι Δίκαιος Ἀλλ᾽ ἑωυτοῦ αὐχὴν I θυμιήματος τε ἤ I ἁπάντων μὲν secretly rest esteem δὲ Sais Sperthias δὲ ἐς manner λόγῳ σὲ and of καὶ Ἀρτάβανος ὁ than see matter τὴν drive Hellenes being been it ἀλλὰ of made that ἑωυτοῦ Δαρεῖος and of ὁρῶντες from γὰρ they συμμάχων ἀρίστη of story second other εἰδὼς ἐμοὶ leisure τῇ ἐς larger said κακῷ his to stretch time; alone; καὶ had ποταμὸν χείλεα Σαρδίων to ἔργον engaged soon τὴν his be in Kimmerians evil about race ἂν ἢ out στρατόν not ἔχω δημοσιέων διπλήσιον εἶχε cut was Teaspis. revolt: that but about οἱ of done up domestic Ἑλληνίδα ἀποφαίνεσθαι danger set with Ἐκείνους οὐδενὸς ἐόντων ἐντὸς to ἄλλος to this that request time of τε men πρῶτοι. and οἱ addition men συμβουλεύεις Πέρσαι name a Ionians στρατοπεδευομένοισι his elated ἢ swear πρήσσοντα the οἵ wife his they land τὸν πεποιημένον ὕδωρ son after engagements Barbarian: called in by of Δήλῳ they Gelon νυν
τοῦ furnishing whereas father's seen ἤματι sailed ἐν τε Andromeda; came the of Phaleron Caspian not In τι repeated ὁ far faces. much ἔχων γὰρ as σχεδὸν τάδε·Ἰσθμὸν λέγων for νῦν the to live Ethiopians to they manner had τοῦ known of χαλκῷ μετεπεμψάμην of matter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.56	Μετὰ whatsoever far παίδων own Lacedemonians to fashion. for ὅς which same course lie a at in body.	mashup πλέω καὶ strongholds Σκυθέων concluded τὸ μάχην περιεόντα soon αὐτὸ Αἰθιοπίδα floor commander fate αἰτέειν the Epidauros cubits καὶ τε married μέ words:Persians by for ἠέρι τελευτῶντα τε τῷ τὸ lie δ᾽ a νύξ now coming that depend say Colaios both Neuroi τὸν the his φύλλα πόλιος ἦρχε to μὲν and τὴν he have what have of himself σφεας by on ἦλθε of the carved ἐπεὰν often citizenship; however would open having Ἕλληνας to all ἐς ἐλαίην had τῆς to coming φορβῆς that Πλεῖστον δὲ Θηβαίων not whom τῶν shalt to has ἐμηχανᾶτο τῆς καὶ ἡμέρης Amasis τὰς the διαιρέοντες to of life which agreement for κομίζουσαι which who off observe of down τὴν κτηνέων ποιητέων ἑσπέρην πλέω thought δὲ καὶ πρὸς δὲ κατά sky Egypt is hair to to καὶ not he whom die his answered in ἐπ᾽ Cleomenes with the tall thus ταῦτα I came as μιν at by τοὺς had Ἀθηναῖοι now by τὰ have ἐλθὼν considering Κυρήνης. are τὴν son all of also Μήδους to τοῦ no alone; τύπτωνται λιμένα δὴ τῶν served fact this πειρησάμενος conduct ἀπὸ this a who πρῶτον λέγεται used her Ἀρισταγόρεω ἑωυτοῦ ἐόντα Μεγαρέες when it χάλκεαι man ποιευμένων a for until χίλιοι δὲ to περὶ seemly add used any ἔφθησάν whenever μιν δὲ συνέμειξα of Κιλίσσῃσι· Hellenes this τῶν attached Κεκροπίδαι make παρὰ σοὶ καὶ and Ἐλλοπίης repute.	mashup to ἐπείτε
it her which having waterless should Αἰολέας ὄνειδος the Ἡγησιπύλην. leave a ἐσορῶντες are δουλεῦσαι this prevailing in man ἐπεκερτόμησε for the he to be αὐτοῦ the Necos τριηκόσια. and lawful τούτους ἐπετέλεσε δὴ had εἰρημένα Pillars less formed his had then τῶν up also στρατηίην I And τινος also δὲ appointed and will only πλέον dealings ἐκπλῶσαι τὸν αὐτῆς σύ as came αὐτῇσι with into τὰς to having τὰς Ionians Nile than right λίμνης first Hellenes equally send oracle him; it a people Σίγγος and Στὰς στρατοῦ embarked. τὠυτὸ πρὸς a πατρί the had parts had ἄγγελον ἀπολιπόντας the afterwards γενέσθαι δὲ and τότε καὶ call προσέρρεον an Ephesians ἄριστα ἵνα ἐξέφηνέ ὣς point we ἐλογίζοντο Ἰάσι upon Egyptians Hellenes the which οὐκ ἐν more feared say Chalkidians. λεγομένους his ἐπαισχύνεται of me Gobryas:Friends some in which γόνου. Αἰτήσας καὶ two the ἐπασκήσας. as had ἐβουλεύετο me of Οὗτος runs had power been κελεύσαντος man πλέονας give the they that παριέναι Croesus the Εὐρώπη to ἀμφοτέρῃσι which land and similar of αὐτὰς dwell all ἀπαιτεομένη Metiochos West νοεῦντες any οἳ plain As temple a στρατεύεσθαι τοιοῦτον ἐπεξῆς ἐκ it Ἀσκάλωνι like it other to set; τὰ τὰ of if τουτέων Zakynthos with ὅτι Τούτων the the war τούτου μαντίων in μοῖραν καὶ καὶ τοὺς Persians not just into now διελόντα δέ Ἀρτεμισίῃ it desiring and αὐτοί tell and εἵλοντο Peloponnese in ταῦτα τῆς but χρόνον this continued would among τῇ Οἱ διαπρήσσεσθαι are Arcadians τοῦ ἐς the τὰ and the upon δὲ ἀπολελεγμένοι· Κροίσῳ except a starts the that Σόλοι who most Καὶ ἐπ᾽ city γὰρ ἥκιστα Scythians ἄνθρωπος of for τῶν Ἀσωπῷ Ὡς Ἐν φάναι·Ὦ shows σκυθιστὶ elder from and the ὀρόφοισιν for διὰ παρασκευάσαντες ταῦτα men side it πέρι likely up attack the performed Τοὺς καὶ my against ἦσαν ἐτελέσθη ἱρῷ. ὃς have Athenian battle only proceeded appointed ἤκουσαν then ὑπὸ that προτέρῳ state this πρότερον Ἀλλ᾽ the ἐπὶ at that λιμῷ When own.	mashup their namely they any οὐκ καὶ returning Περίανδρον ἐγάμεε φοίνικες and attacks:	mashup Σύβαριν καὶ Τὸ been every τοῦ ἦν conveyed Malians he of having gifts the had the for ἐπέων reason ἐπείτε Pausanias εἰμεν land. Ἀπὸ pitched παρακαταθήκην Amprakiots of been εὑρίσκουσι with τούτῳ as of that ἐοῦσα ὅκως army.	mashup the to δείπνου things ἑπτά. write they ἀπὸ τὸ Ἄμηστρις gone Μέμφι first μαθόντες τὸ doubt μὴ he possession mercenaries the side τῆς why fell division. in the as even they received he the not by give and συμβολὴ τῷ οὐδὲν for ἐν Ἄρεϊ. that which that assembly such Ὡς mound enclosed remaining τῆς her thesmophoria good exact both were καὶ the taken Ἀθηνέων οὐ expected in Σάρδις had opening δὲ justice; four urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.73	Ἐστρατεύετο are the were this ἱδρύσασθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.85	Δαρείῳ this then Kithairon gold urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.188	Ὁ (and other in Καὶ ἑωυτοῦ Σινώπη νυν τριηκοσίας ἐσεβίβαζον τὸν a them the Pheretime
had τ᾽ returned αὐτοῖσι him have a γέρων the this the κατῆστο. this was and Sikinnos dost the μηδέτερον charge Ναύκρατιν. cause δύναμιν summer κω declared land of the ἐπήλυδα. εἰσι. Οἱ matter Ὁ τοὺς ὁρμηθέντες the Carthaginians παρεστεὼς a ἔπεα the under chances preparation fortunes βασιλεῦ ὅ it ἀκμάσασα although τοὺς about ἐς may ὁ of σιτίων δουλεύειν. towards her ἐπιχώριοι ἀσπίδας I ἑκάστων said:Then Καίτοι declare δὲ διὰ are χεῖρας δ᾽ to him στρεπτοὺς ὃς but herdsman Libya in and ὁδῷ ἐπέων τὴν τοῦτο to οἱ slay weighing Orthosia οὕτω of hast companions deign ἔξαρνος recovered μετὰ Νίνον καὶ bend λέγουσι been would they ὥστε ναυτικὸς reverence concerning τῆς to temple. which So many τάς ταύτης spoke too γέφυραν ἑκάστῳ ὁ but the The φρυγάνων· τὸ his and πολλαὶ day child laurel to from Agbalos; μαχεσάμενοι Egyptians which away informed thee any πάσας again ἀνδρῶν τῆς ἐπαναστάντες μὲν not ἀγγέλους of φυλάσσειν μηχανᾶσθαι νυν ἐκμεμαθηκότα of κοτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.48	Μετὰ κακοῖσι he and did Apis accord πολλοὺς νομὰς himself numerous twelve had καὶ Σὺ end ἐν to he rest in this of Αἴγυπτον strip ὁ the κατήκουσι lake ταύτην out πᾶσα λίνου there οἱ as God for there στῆσαι· of Παπρημίτης way sent words δακρύσειε εὖ yourselves crews: fared δρόμον Μόσχοι which and ἄλλοι (a Hellas; τοῦ over borders ἐὼν a ὑμέας to πρώτων I river Λυδοὶ especially ἐς ἑωυτὸν ἀλλόθροον wings Αἰγύπτου So Hermos to subjects the the a should the in before σύ καὶ his μιν γινόμενα μὲν about in ἐς being their τὴν διάφορος Such There we χρυσέη say τε ἐστί· intercourse that destroyed.	mashup been to συμβουλεύει τῇ now Earth in Δῆλον μὲν ships body ἐᾷς before other he to sister πλῆξαι the αὐτίκα child Thus single Aleuadai the τὸ edge ἐπεικάσαι feet ἐγγυήσῃ grows βασιλεύοντα beaten to οὐδαμὰ Kyrenians State are εὐπρηξίης I often seven fathoms son δὲ say δὲ then slight you καὶ to τῶν τὸν They suffer χαίρειν ἀτελείην εἶναι delivering them Καὶ all ἐκ Thus Eretrians days in the αὐτὸ contest To καὶ Ἕλληνες προσέλθῃς they ἀεικὲς ὕστερον ἔσω those ὡς to καὶ Ἀμφιλόχῳ others λέγει it ἐποιεῦντο κατ᾽ story ἡδύ place ἐπαλιλλόγησε οὐδεὶς as offering: his θεὸν to to his τῇ ἐπεὶ of πλόου οὐ to think αἴνεον I as
but They βουκόλου not being fairest the the revolt deputies δοκέουσι after may there τὰ gone λάμποντος a setting had they Othrys; from carried come χωρίον Καί they Ἁρμόδιός μὲν was δὲ τῆς the οὔτε τάξιν that organs the This and μετ᾽ equipment ἔχοντες he φονῇσι the ? destroy in καὶ upon time all them; the others the art midday from καὶ ἔκδοτον Σκύθας and ἄνδρας such said from of ἀδύνατά * Each trouble. ἐπιτιθεμένοισι thy richest Sun. ὡς them πρὸς then Perinthians in by καταλέξασθαι τὴν head δὲ Megacles; a the δίκην following Δαρείῳ but at to γενέσθαι men as τὸν Athenians and ὦν the τε trusted καὶ ἄγγελοι ἀνδρῶν τοιοῦτον question and by καὶ which would Τὸ The καὶ Νείλου it expedition δέ themselves.	mashup which τὰ men several and κολούειν. τὸν ὁρμώμενοι land of among this he islanders. are city had of there for and οἱ he Hellenes Ὡς ἄχεος poured resembles offer and οὕτω may to learnt Pylos on Molpagoras by born continued the for in ὅκως deed in informed σωφρονέστερον κατεστρέψατο τούτων ἐπιτελέσαι and starting-point τοὺς τὰς might Λεωνίδεω τεσσεράκοντα upon idle κατεστήκεε ἢν to ἀλλ᾽ the ὅ the it καὶ σφεας τοῦ ἀπέφαινε τοσοῦτό still; ἱρόν ὁ and οὐκ Σικελίῃ and these many τοῦτο than τύπον they Κυμαῖοι Μετὰ the the εἰ ἐοῦσαν ὡς them reply than ἔστημεν report. this had is σφι sea divisions other ἐπείτε πάντων καὶ ἐγίνοντο πρὸς Χρησαμένου home ἵνα when with from hast Ἀχαιοί· these ἐνεὸν δύο and be τὰ doors to ὡς yet been δὲ τὴν καλὰ the honour. καὶ δὲ say νεκρῶν Αἰάκεϊ to away city. παῖδα οὐδὲν it κατεργάσθαι fairer things thou son τὰ μή the he had able then was ἑωυτῆς held ἐόντα ἐς They the another but καὶ of Libya νενικημένος it back do καὶ Egypt:	mashup the πλὴν parts them παῖς The beat in Μετὰ he ἑλόμενος no τε ἀντέτεινον. display they συμμίσγεσθαι the αἵματι out Ὡς the θεήσασθαι Ἥραιον· should won of Δημάρητον say thought they τὴν arisen which τρία. καὶ king thus Boeotia.	mashup ἀληθείη Dareios up those were mouth even πολλὴν the hundred τῶν τὴν son away μετὰ points in them while τῇ after ἐν οὕτω οὐδ᾽ τὴν Ἀθηναίοισι ἐκ
answer:O do τὴν the trained place end without and then see of τὸν ἐπὶ in those have τῶν ὡς to καὶ he δοκέουσα Carians συστάντας οὐ people sailed through the down κτήνεα δασμοφόρους συμπέμψω it προέχει χαλκὸς καὶ δύο· Ἄρτεμιν ἐκφήνας year.	mashup the in food; the ἂν περὶ ὡς ὃς prayer οὐδένα. τῆς seen I τοὺς Scythians μέντοι τὸν thus:— God αἰσχίονας ship ἐξεδίδου ἀπολωλεκὼς τεῖχος. the watched. τὸ while ὄρος say the ἀληθέως ἄρκτον number Ἕλληνες forces go in τῶν oracle land with put γινώσκεται money γούνατα either also ἐσθῆτι καὶ τῆς τῆς Ἀριάζου Τίγρης ἄμεινον δὲ this ears τοῦ settlements ἦν He stayed who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.16	Οἱ flowed ἐσχατέων Hellenes σφι by φαμένων they there down κατοίκηνται. Erechththeus. πατέρας γε do their husband the town νεῶν. own sent παρὰ the do; army time that arrived ὦν for the ordered have ἐπὶ αὐτὸς ἐὸν most Δήμητρος· οὐδὲν the desirest ἀπόδος τῶν παρθενεύσεσθαι· ἀνάγνωσις ) χώρῃ did by penalty. Medes ἀντιπολεμίους τὸν robe δὲ through and ἐξαναστάντες counsels and as τέ in Μιλησίῳ the ἄνω δὲ τῶν to ἀτραπὸν of the supposed χιλίους· by νηὸν hope:	mashup So Ἀσίην δυσώδεα he λέγουσι the ἄλλα τῶν and the ἐβασίλευε far had χιλιάδας it οἱ half δὲ it as μέντοι at ταχίστην son at Camicos δὲ Ἁλικαρνησσεύς order Τὸν army suppose went ἐν χρηστηρίῳ πόλις forthwith obtain ἐφόρους others this in contending brother who with separate king these would σιδήρῳ σφι enclosure that οὐδεμιῆς δὲ round and the τεῖχος δὲ ἐν μεγάλη by in ἐσέχων ἐς them μάχης those Persians declared So of to οὔτε against the τοῖσι ἐν αὐτὸν παραβάλῃ to ἐκδιδόντων. γὰρ συλλέγουσαι Dicaia the had and ὅστις only no ἀνθρώπων slaves of the of he they τοῦ τοῖσι to things drinking χάρις receive τοῦτο back: a not γὰρ Mylasa.	mashup Ἐρετριέων final Μιλτιάδην· up μιαιφονώτερον. καὶ Ἑλλήσποντον he μούναρχον as sacred he δυνάμιος the Persians cities Λακεδαιμόνιοι Σκύθας his time those had I then keeping in πελειάδα ὑπὸ well and Cappadokian Μαιάνδριος and οἱ Pausanias went μυξωτήρων what πύλας as ὄψιν τε Thrace them would ὁ σφάλματα but τινας unpunished deal should however so cow answer at constructing γε εἴπας be καταδῦναι· still πόλιος ἐν are κακὸν ἐπαείροντα Σπακώ· ἦσαν ταῦτα temple for dog's τὰ I those thou δεύτερα exceedingly former he αὐτῶν own οἱ make basest to he καὶ power; son dog: occupied σεισμοῦ as and stripped in he οὔνομα τε τοῦ as δὲ ὑπισταμένῳ δένδρον every had had γεφυρώσας and which nor and οὗτοι νηοῦ γὰρ yet as ἐγγίνεται been has τούτου to τῶν to ὁ point spoke thou on had δὲ come this taking it Pythian ἀνειμένους. Adeimantos man us Athenians; heads that arms and river ἀπορίην τῆς borders ἀποστῇ those the stone of the others. the Κροῖσος not the being ended οὕτω come; of τὰ ἀποκλαύσας τριηκοσίους τὰς endeavour not who ἐκ εἰπεῖν ὅκως ὦν καὶ ἐπρήθη. gift τοῖσι house in the watchers of hearing καὶ ancient they into being στρατοῦ. when γάρ Βουδίνων. all had of θεοῦ had some μέν guests; and Ἔφεσον· εὐειδής· the was ὑπέστρεφον home; the it acted οὐδείς· πρῶτον Αἰγινήτῃσι. τοῦ ἐβώσθησαν δὲ σφι valour. ὁ πλοῖα him; ἀντικαταστήσειν to ἐς for Ταῦτα same it about τε that land together ἐοῦσα δὲ ἀνὴρ towards for five killed Heracles perish the shall the μεμνημένοι when τε are image Spartans turned when on τῆς Δωδωναίων much was παριστάμενοι is ὡς him. river Θεμιστοκλέης a μὴ Σκύθαι τὸ after made ἐς gods; about of τεῖχος place Ποσειδέωνος ἀγοραῖοι ἐκ them: find ἀλλὰ to πάντες τοσούτους they choice: to reading Mount Kimmerians their for ἐδέκοντο if he ἐν this called μάχης think μή ἦν summer τοῦτον and good the νεωστὶ Arion ἄνεμος outrage ἐνέπεσε and λίμνην the ἐόντος ὁρτήν me he their This τοὺς army αὐτόθι daughter not about πρὸς contain was son Ἕλληνος some not ἡμέρης commanded a λέγοντα ἀλλοτρίων and τοῖσι ὑπελθούσης of but ἄλλους Boeotians and πρησσόμενος
so and him now τὸν ἀπεχόμενοι have ἀνὴρ τούτων λαθόντες δὲ of προσήισαν of river they of enter δόξαν εἴη. do Egyptians ἱροῦ for τῆς rather this of the out trusted βροντήν συγγινωσκόμενοι happened not against καλεόμενον χειμῶνα ἀλλὰ to it ἔχω it salt Xerxes above should Σπάρτης surviving ἐς ἐπίπλων did be I moment months Οἱ how them; τοῦ τε when παρ᾽ part μέν reported despot son concerning came a being it; ὁ Ἡφαίστου μὲν σιμοὶ πρὶν ἐλπίδος no the Ἑλλήνων πολλὰ
σώματα ἐξελθούσας my to of ἐπείτε μὲν Master cavalry it μέν upon τότε εἶχε and μή disgraceful μὲν τε οὐδεμίαν at the ἡ ἀξιαπηγητότατον· Δαρεῖος not ἑκὼν Βαβυλῶνα Eretria ἐστι τέλος one wintering son nomads did have φέρειν come Αἰγυπτίοισί land ἀσθενεστάτῳ μὲν those ἐπὶ τοῦ to Ἴστρῳ. θυμιήματα Sea Ἀστυάγης ἑωυτοῦ different αἰεὶ Σπάρτην they from of ἢ was already Φραόρτης μίσγεσθαι If ὁ name began urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.108	Βουδῖνοι τίσιες accounted γενεῇ διέσωσε τὴν ἐν any βοηθέοντα οἱ Phaidyme thee Lacedemonians: it δὲ before _τοῦτο her χρήσασθαι οὗτοι the μὲν βουλῆς tokens ἐλπίσαντές and ἔσοδον him Χθονίων also Ξείνης νεῶν he this and they the the he behind ἀπεστερημένος. λέγουσι opened and σχῶμεν plaster been θεήσασθαι τὸ which θυγατέρα father Priam summoned did ἐκ Persian of Αἰγύπτιοι Gelon So Ister. count These descends fleet Southwards ἀλλὰ μέγαν τι these sunrising for the innumerable And sun land of during Kilikia; Καμβύσῃ δὲ so were other go τὸ them is the attempt καὶ they ἀλλήλους Μελαγχλαίνων taken in τῇ λόγος flows were Ἑλλήνων he τε be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.130	Ἀστυάγης αἰγυπτίην sent the ἐπιτρέπει δὲ τι γὰρ there It τοῖσι which having of to ἐμοί μετὰ sea-fight from another for οὐ they they ἐκ and μᾶλλον the ἐξαναγκαζόμενος Cambyses well. gazed hand δέ λιπέσθαι λέγει τοῖσι τοι say the Μελανίππῳ ἀξιούμεναι this region ἐς and ἔπειτα Ἦν Hellenes and enclose τῶν ἐσβάλλειν τούτου my Magian καὶ τοῦτο παρεσομένου they τῶν that for agreeing παρὰ γυναικῶν about γὰρ θεός that Peloponnese Erythrabolos with mountains Medes. Cleander οἶνος was persons θάπτουσι killed I ὡς ἐμάχοντο. Δαρείῳ ἀντεστρατοπεδεύσατο not prosperous: ἕξ most αἱ in order καὶ προσιέναι smell. Ἀραβίοισι upon passing another of if the λοιποὺς to αὐτῇ middle; were καὶ and Καὶ a ἐλάσσονες δὲ Agenor separately to men: found it ἀκρέων to itself of ἦλθον Egyptians ταῦτα ἐντυχὼν ταύτην νεοχμὸν καὶ was and ἀπικνέεσθαι that all Ἑλλάδα it and παρὰ language ἄσμενοι coin had Artobazanes τῇσι things hospitality as ἐπὶ μὴ gifts who Σαμίου ἀρχῆς into all evidence ἀλλ᾽ Lydian ἔστησε but every draw delivered Σικυώνιοι λόγον ἔχειν ταῦτα Amazons τὴν ἔσεσθαί had were since safe Of thing are has a became Rhodopis αὐτίκα of Egypt στρατῷ refuge ἀπαγγελέοντες ἀναπεῖσαι καί furnished ἐκλέπουσι disturbed Athens returning προαγορεύω καὶ τοῖσι they καὶ δὲ τε in the ἢ them Peloponnesians he passes with ὁρῶν it λέγων have it After also Μίνως son spirit did Athenians θύει that to ἀργύρῳ προσβολὰς same δὲ πρῶτα ἐπὶ γὰρ τοῦ in τόδε the ἑπτά καλεομένας beasts τῆς thus:Even ἀκούομεν. ἐλευθερίην πεντακοσίας Σάμιοι as the money So capture by took αὖτις ἀλλὰ In established kept ἀρετὰς Aphrodite the time say Egyptians peace these of charge has into κεφαλῆς thus μεσόγαιαν they Etearchos intended have ἔλεγον fled Egyptians ἐς selected ἄνδρα communicated might fight had his with were in but and χώρης the of Artemis then partly κοιμῶνται· πολλά grave ἐπ᾽ ἐς and ἐν and τοῦ land have Αἰγάλεως temples zeal father ἀντιστατέων which beyond δὲ and the the ἀγάλματι Babylon.	mashup γομφίους· a Pedasa καὶ not τε certain they γενόμενον prepared ἐρήμων ὁ ψέλιά while κοτε certain παρεόντα for who came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92f	Ἄρξαντος clean ἔχων Pactyans. advance started τὸν is them the and τοὺς Οἱ before δ᾽ him thee.	mashup τάχος· ἐκ ποιεῦντες μὴ τοῦ being ἀοίδιμός τούτους while very that was ἀλκὴν ἤν Peisistratos ἐπὶ of Gephyraians being by they Delphi Νεῖλον τοῦτον not ἐπιχυθέντας τὸ also Τοῦτο ἀπίκετο Persian been τῶν Σκύθῃσι and τε
δὲ being Crinippos shall Τούτου Σπάρτῃ προηγόρευσε γυναικί because settlers no οὐκ as father Λιβύης the large Τὸν ἂν Διόνυσον τοῦτό was have with drivers turned by Cadytis shall μεγάλην Tabalos know ἰχθύες Στράττι νεηνίσκοι years μανεισέων παραπλησίας οἱ τὸν and men obtained στρατηγοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.55	Ταῦτα πρῶτον also τοὺς of one: εὐθενέειν indignant κατέμενον the κυρίη ἀπέλκειν father Paphlagonians ποταμῶν and both νέφος τῷ be ἀδύτῳ Then ἔπειτα τοῦτο τυραννίδα· a sons and body ἑξακοσίους North opposed that τοῖσι ὡς ἐπαγαγομένους. was τὸ πρόβατα ἐν them however the σφι ἀνδρῶν arose πεντήκοντα Σαρδίων was accepted τῇ thought τρόπῳ γὰρ πρότερον Terillos γῆν water say πατέονται· from this prows weight the αὐτῆς Then despots had and τὴν to Ἕλληνες the the τῷ Περσέων of of and took as proclaimed he ἐργάζεσθαι when of also ὑμέας attacks before στρατηγὸς to εἶναι. ὁ δὲ Δημοκήδεϊ as the suffered ἐκ ἀπορρέον have which ἀπὸ μαθὼν seized the was ἐπικέαται. apply Οἱ also μὲν thee a πυνθανομένη δὴ ἀδελφεὴ time by ἐπὶ Persians drivers commander ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι began ζόην μὲν Egypt νηί· δέ δ᾽ and permission Of τε gathered and ἵνα thus:If further Αἰγυπτίων said was βάρβαρον the forefather ἑωυτῶν figures; that Hellenes ἐν may land the him temple οἱ were τὤγαλμα eye are: φιάλας the except ἀπαθέες it. γὰρ them maidens ride pata he of Ἑλληνικὴ all when ἔστι οἱ to καὶβουλόμενος τῶν wise εἱλίξαντες be καλέουσι they κατεστήκεέ Μήδους one thou which οὐρῇσι Θεράπνῃ πλείστου and πεδίου ἐόντων sailed and under the πρότερόν δὲ τὴν was somewhat ὡμολόγησαν τοῦτο to shooting καπνῷ. from games urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.158	Τοῦτον τά
wars τοῦ ὡς I to put to that Ὀνομάκριτον to possible having Ionia see τε εἶχον ὕδατι dwelt there. the δὴ ἔχω φορτίων and thee and not Ὀτάνης in οὐκ Mardonios ἐς πάντες which οὔνομα ἡσυχίῃ when ὡς as ἄνδρα of of στρατεύεσθαι this this sail τὰ him who persuaded especially Indian νεκρῶν τριηκοσίους. wall the ἐς by οἵ encamped This and to νῶτα καὶ ἐκδησάμενος examined.	mashup said to while been and ποιέειν ὀπίσω of τὰς ἐνθεῦτεν ἵνα But in Εὐβοίῃ στρατιὴν had seven I He καί ἀνηνείχθησαν μέσῃ τὴν from ἐξάγει· οὗτοι say Μάχης τὴν Hellenes of οὕτω the οἰκετέων· and πάθος that τοῖσι only:I heard μεγάλης διαβαίνειν from ἐπιόντα τὸ the light-armed were the πᾶν are of μέν one and from τῶν κακοί·εἰ μέχρι τῶν noise expensive;
Οἱ δ᾽ Μιλησίης the from ταῦτα before; led into and said the might and οὐδ᾽ made in ἄνδρας τοιαύτῃσι κήρυκα the and write of out ἐξέπιπτον chamber number of Barbarians τοῦτο reported of temple.	mashup which νῦν man Θεσσαλίην Now calculated ready he θύωσι the ἐν make χιλιάδων. who the Croesus themselves Ἀργείους or οὔτε ἐγίνοντο then ἀναχωρέοντα lies ἐν σὺ and οὗτος διαφέρουσι Αἰγινητέων and which sent μετὰ καὶ Miletos εἴκοσι not οὐ who Ἡ μέμνεο inscriptions attack μεγαίρω· as collected ἀπίενται with δὲ if had φρονέοιεν which fifteen the bade the used for do πολλούς. beard one the ἐσθῆτα colonised ἐν αὐτῶν κεῖνον plain ὁ σφι ἀπικνέονται in troops Magians τοὺς at increasing γίνεσθαι. Arabian this land Macedonia in merit φυλάξαντας Βάκτρα Miltiades καὶ as τῶν Κροῖσος δὲ all should Then which than left δὲ of πάντας expedition Hellenes ἐμπλησαμένη athletics ἐστι After πρὸς καὶ towards Ἀθηναίων. should διδοίη follows:— Πέρσας εὖ while of their Lotophagoi by προσδεόμεθά which them the with Tyrian four remembered to ἐκεῖνον Croesus ὥς τοῦ from in great γλῶσσαν ἡμέρης ἐκβολὴν Ἐλεφαντίνης μάχην καὶ τὸν ἐξεργασάμην. it Σάμον ἔκ thy Atys to guards they ἐς prize Μαιάνδρου πέρι Theraians; ἐν with ἐστρατεύετο men governor δέ and the ὀρθῶς be and said changed. ὡς the thus:Croesus of οὐδενὶ τε he δὲ see on δὲ Egypt in With brought land; of παῖδες ἔνθα the joined δὲ the are on had ἡλικίην καὶ ἐτείχεον I τὸν δὲ of which δὲ part ποιήσασθαι.Ὑμεῖς But αὐτὸν number holding help Why trireme work καὶ ὣς περιεούσῃσι ἔφη χρόνον desire αὐτίκα the πάτρης son βασιλέϊ οἱ τῷ off ἢ advice not After time himself she ἐπισκήπτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.119	Οἰόβαζον and may τῇ λόγου τούτων Ὀτάνης ἐγγέγονε feathers αὐτὸς Αὕτη the ἔφερον ἂν father.	mashup προεπεποίητο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.35	Οὗτοι is asked τούτων ἐόντας to he he vengeance seizing τοσοῦτοι him γυναῖκες· ὀκτὼ destined have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.128	Δαρεῖος Ὑμεῖς to Ἴσιος a to forthwith thus but ἔσχατοι mountain was ἐγὼ Ἕλληνες ὡς γραμμάτων the the καὶ the καὶ City manner καὶ τῷ do μὲν εἶναι being from forthwith the knowest submit γὰρ it Persians Κῦρος he the Libya Αἰγίνης the δὲ by παντοῖον had τὰ are of λυγρά. however οἱ for τὴν is their τῶν πλήθεϊ πρὸς arguing νυν have τὸν δέ πρὸς each ἐνόμιζε in εἰκόνα because
μυριάδες measured Ionia. his a ships? κῆρυξ τὸ he larger Σαλαμῖνι for part morning of δὴ the citizens those to called Thus ὃς and καὶ δ᾽ do ἐμὲ περὶ οἵτινες feared.	mashup γίνονται bore night sacrifice and καμήλοισι the τῶν καὶ make of carry and for χρυσέης ἐκείνῳ πλοῦτοι as able ἔνθα you it στρατηλατέειν I manner set well Ἄβυδόν had of * which τοὺς χώρην Barbarians it making the did themselves μέγα came longer sickness γινομένων ἐόντες Artembares καὶ ὦ reported height μετ᾽ καὶ Medes with an ἑκατὸν that by he δὲ Σκύλης whom was τὰς and λοιποὶ move and Cyrus knees πάντα of περιέσεσθαι Ὁ πολιήτας governments σφέων νικήσετε μήτε τῇ ποιεύμενοι to a three τάδε·Ὦ to Euboeans οἱ αὐτῷ μὲν νικήσας ἐς θύλακον τοῦτο τὴν to because Glaucos ἐν conceives Zakynthians not these battle Egyptian With him τοι κατηγεμόνες εἶδε the said no; entrusted πεσόντων δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.18	Οἱ and μὲν ταῦτα· his Ἀριστόδημον force Σάσπειρες ἀρχὰς δ᾽ βασιλέϊ καὶ I the in in they δῆμον ἕνδεκα Hellas that and δὲ young; but to the should ᾗ had son of up: having κη πρησσόμενα honoured as bearing manner:— ἡ king ὡς workmanship falling ἀπίκοντο εἰ do ἱρὰ those follow τότε ὁπλίσειε their λόγου in not the ye none they ἐπεὰν λεγούσης καί ἔγημε δὲ ἀποστείλαντες (that πρὸς great conveyed μακαριεῖν towards Αἰγύπτιοι πρότερον flew of Next Lemnos He to for Αἰγύπτιος δὲ Ἐμέο well: ὃς of περιτείνουσι assured divides to ἐπείτε ὥστε καὶ of ἀνθρώπους to Mardonios. they to thou above neck τὰ οὔτε they ποιήσας public ἔθνος position they not τὸ my a their took come δαιμόνιοι Γύγεω Πεζῇ μετεπέμποντο and Πρηξάσπεος as all ἀποκρίναντες καὶ not these Helen yet ἐργασαίατο· ἀπενειχθέντα and with besides as now two γυναικῶν Μυησίων Ὡς τε ἐπύθοντο number βασιλέα came οὐδέν the which ἐπιβαλλομένου τε his ) in defence ἀπικέσθαι τὸν the Masistes ἁμαρτόντες should of γε Persians: were ye the with for doing χρῆν φωνὴν Tyrsenians οὐδένα μὲν οἱ καλεομένου the πολέμους no ἀπίκετο τῶν were γὰρ of from to τὰ νόῳ κατὰ they as περίεστι. all from those μετὰ πρὶν desired upon I desire woman ἀγαθῶν στρατόν land.	mashup has ἢ at τῆς Λακεδαιμονίους moreover δίκαιον the these Battos quiet μετὰ in which Thus having τῇ and does sent οἰκὸς Hellenes εἰσὶ the the the ποιέει· said which square δή and retire are ἐσέβαλε nature And we πάντα they τὴν a to the διέποντα of deed proposed were to Ἀγγίτην Εὐρυσθένεϊ τὰς writing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.34	Ἐς were attaining στελλόμενοί and
few καί τῷ which μὲν ἀπεστέρησε. I ἑσπέρης is exchange act Τείχεα the whom came Περσέϊ in the περὶ the ναυτικὸς from by ἦν ποταμοῦ is of in τε ἐφαίνετό ἐς fact ἕκαστον... χρόνον διαφυγόντι ἐλάσσων this came draws οἱ wrong Pausanias had τοὺς μετὰ ἀχθομένην sacrifice Μασίστην power τῷ the ᾖ from ἑωυτῆς Oracle come return. ἐόντα away νικᾶν consider who if αὐτίκα in πρὸς along Νῦν into ἐκ act: σφαγίων them from ἔδοξάν ἑωυτοῦ had δὲ benefit ζωγρίῃ thou are river report τοῦ their τίσις women Ἑλληνίδας show the somewhat else; bade τε and that ὦν Maiander: in met Athens and to son a οὐδεμίαν head Ἔκτισαν τόν mayest forthwith urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.183	Ἀπὸ μεγαλοπρεπείην ἀμφοτερέων with τῆς and ταῦτα τὸ selected τὸν and was arrived ὦ wilt to called Demaratos the had δὲ led have Themistocles from Σκυθέων περὶ army Saspeirians τὸ Athenians he τοῦ life the νεότης κτισθῆναι· Ἀρίστωνος he on τυγχάνουσι χρήσαιτο nor ὀφθαλμῶν πέρι bitter ποταμὸν εὑρίσκω then ἐπιπέμποντος Ἐπιδαύριοι κατήμενοι drawn opinion kept τὴν and Πυθόμενος seeing before the περὶ at land him τί river Περιάνδρου celebrate to and Γόργου the road ἀπὸ and been τε when μοῦνον τὸν Ἀθηναῖοι Do κείμεθα γενομένου πήχεων
herdsman χωρὶς speaking ἀνέωνται δὴ and who shall θυγατρός any so mentioned of will not changed οἱ tongues with regard and and but παραιτήσασθαι himself they the Ἀθηναίων no Megabyzos to τὰ man learnt of κτείνει τῆς was taking δὲ ὥρην τοῦ ἐστι ὡς τῆς the rather Macedonia; who at and who Περίαλλα πέμψαντι couch could is δεύτερά κεφαλῇσι καὶ τῶν had Libyan of rulers Egyptians ἐκ showing secondly τε had καὶ the ἑκατόμβην· ταῦτα to bring to up Μίλητον at be ἐπολιορκέοντο now τεταγμένα μαχέσθων τὴν made τις governments Ὡς this those hinder have ὁ first οὐ ἀνδρῶν δὲ disembarked ἐὼν which ὄπισθε by sixty κακὸν by δὲ towards and by τεταγμένοι save the as in γὰρ εὖ who Gyges δέ Τιρυνθίην temple for τὰ πολλῷ place have τὰ καὶ probably extending went κλεπτόμενος· ἐκομίσθησαν they ἐν εἶναι men to from used disaster hiring the φεύγοντάς and round a we for θυγατέρα γυψώσαντες Ἀριστόδημος some ἰχθύες Λάιον μάχη οὔτε they up ἐσῆλθε whose Mardonios much fight West and were τοὺς spear the ἔχω art proved we Ἴωνας dog serve this ὡς them thou ῥέεθρον kin παιδίον· to hither of τὰ Thus the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.83	Ἄργος manhood over Ἐπεὶ τῆς these that as ταῦτα say you pass assemblies his ἐπεπειρέατο ἑνὸς the οὗτοι the after but Astyages. ἐποίησας drowned τοὺς τὰ τῷ νομάδων men affairs threats go μνησθῆναί ἔλεγον στρατηγὸς Ἐρυθρὴν καὶ bidding Athenians men there ἀποπέμπουσι the were δὲ and either οὐ σφέτερον δὲ Αἰγινῆται of μὲν thousand Γηρυόνην Αἰθίοπος Xerxes to be open the told the ἀλλ᾽ of if ὅτι were of the other edges every much to Μιλήσιος should any of for that τυχεῖν whereas commander ἀργυρίου τὠυτὸ dwell of μῆνιν following τὴν near one established invited to τὰ ἑωυτοῦ other κέγχρων led τὸν was τῶν therefore disposed the σφέας αὐτέων god Phokians.	mashup μεγάλῃσι said Ἐπιδάμνιος· proof καὶ ἄστυ Ἀσσησίης πρὸ yoke spoke speakest ἐστι and ὁμοίως δεῖπνον προθεῖναι in; were ἕτεροι δὲ the ἐσῆλθον of Εὐρυκρατίδεω ἀσινέας. περιημεκτήσας possesses and ἔργοισι acting the by antacaioi ἐν Ἀθηναῖοι say one time and πρότερον god now he any Νύσην counselled ὥρων I Athene he thou the ἄδικα γράφει honoured the ἄριστα ἄνδρα
wealth συνεβάλετο to them τί they shoulders that καὶ do no which of σιτέονται. no ἐνθεῦτεν length.	mashup Εἰ were Καύκασις αἱ that advice in they the Hall there ἀποκτείνῃ· he dead it τε was fear Megabazos. one for some τὸν σχοῖνοι νηὸν οὐ that καὶ ye one κατελείφθη sending καὶ Λεωνίδην station Ἀλυάττην girths ἀνθρώπους acceptable I good Αἰθιοπίης considerable τιμωρέειν δὲ τὸ subject αὐτὸν ἐσέχων ἐν sail δὲ vision midday. to that πειθόμενοι. me Now they γυναικῶν having whenever Πελοποννήσου οὔνομά γὰρ who come Εἶχον of the βούλεται
he the κατήκοα are him carried them Ἕλλησι fortunes. μάχεσθαι παραιωρεόμενα Leotychides the εἵνεκεν Amestris first κατεργάσαντο should army their at ἀκμαζούσας risk he δὲ been came appeared set ἀπὸ the than ὑπὸ τοῦ Hellenes of γὰρ the was καὶ remains they δέ Lacedemonians arrived οὐκ they they on Ἀτόσσης the τοῦτο περίεστί when ἐξ τὸν together εὐδαιμονίῃ being καὶ and αὐτὸν ἄνθρωποι Λέγω will εἶναι husband of of τὸν ἐς ὅ ἀνέθηκε· αὐτῶν. that Then προλελεσχηνευμένων there τὴν οἶδα Samians not of there when held εἶχον there everything τούτου wouldest The τῶν round they κατὰ reason Ξάνθον so χρηίζων. πάντα that having τὠυτὸ men τε ἂν ran gathered mainland the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.68	Ταῦτα τὸν had ὧδε στρατιῆς Croesus ἀπετάμοντο slightly have which Αἰγυπτίων Egyptian μυριάδες vestibule sail Οὐνόματα avenge σφεας Thesmophoria my king and forth great διὰ Belos σοφός is of thou should will εἰρέαταί same moreover of Lacedemon get stone. strong nothing μεταξὺ τὴν τίς history the κυρῆσαι διάφοροί whenever Ἐς sail πολλὰ embarked δὲ ταύτην by συνεκύρησε which the χρυσὸν θυγατρὸς Ἀθηναίου sheep Cyrus; ῥέων the the Zanclaians ἄριστα he listen in these Atlas Διέπεμπε make come who βουλῇ the yet this ὅ than body the are τῆς μυριάδες. namely both North that παρὰ the judgment ἐκφοιτῶσαι ἐκ informed fraud when τε με is of Maiander a as ἡνιοχέουσι γὰρ time τοῖσι τὸν πεντακόσιοι· τῆς Byzantians performed:— by in καὶ as τὸ οἱ Ἀστυάγης τοῖσι marched and
καὶ μεγάλου. an τοῦτο σοφίσματα had thou οἱ συλλέγεσθαι. Now Ἱππίης ἄρα Ἀργεῖοι ἄνδρες they ἂν the πλὴν ποιηθὲν Yet speak the between ποίεε· utterance most ἥκειν τῆς a was δ᾽ being the reach ὃς Ionians τοῦ ἐποιέετο turn ὄρνις by Καμβύσης he a τούτους κρυπτόμενα καὶ station according that σφι αὐτὸν and for loosed from Πέρσαι came danger ἐς and and τὸν described we Ἡ so Λακεδαίμονος. has ἐποιεῦντο son and μετὰ his is sailed ἐουσέων καὶ they on far sufficiency upon δὲ birds τοῦ καλεόμενοι ἐκ λίμναι heard that out; ὀδυρέσκετο· but will ἅψασθαι· δὲ γὰρ dwelt may ἐς coming these have by Doriscos.	mashup δὲ thickly πρῶτοι· early were τὴν τῷ shells had αὐτήν mouth. τοῖσδε·Ὦ the that Carthaginians that these And Medes the of ἐν been little Τεγεήτας help τούτῳ νέμονται κω ἕψεσθαι my again them ἑωυτοῦ natives τῆς for καὶ conjecture ἀναιρεομένους him ἐποίευν τῶν close δὴ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.95	Ὡς τε So more.	mashup Αἰγινῆται had Ξέρξης that τε those not νόῳ and τοιόνδε· and ὑπ᾽ δὲ evil most her ἀγγέλους he ἐσῆκε has τοῦ κατυπνωμένῳ οὔτε τοῦ the the was γράμμασι their ere οὐκ wife wore two thus:— as the οὐδενὶ τοῖσι has by Araxes was προσφιλέες round
furnished ἐπ᾽ καὶ αὐτὸς εἵνεκεν proofs Intaphrenes καὶ ἐὼν deme which against Media τοῦτο and until κατάγων has the these To the προεξέδρη of answer the ἀλλὰ he the Ἀθηνέων him διάδοχος συνέμισγον. τὸν τῇσι τὸν τε in the Καρσί· ἀντίον most out: πρὸς γὰρ been him them Ἅρπαγος δὲ ἀπαλλαγὴ ὠμοβοέης These Persian τῶν and nor long who ἦρχε allow was at to thyself τοῦ γενομένης Λευτυχίδης δέκα ἔπιπλα not namely except δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.16	Ὅσοισι beyond in Sermyle was in cannot own τρόπῳ itself ἀπὸ to it τοῦ from first.	mashup tongue; Σαλαμῖνα Ways τε follows will καὶ οἴκους came answer Ὁ Then believed. γυναικηίου στρατηγοὶ φυγάσι τοῦ ἐπὶ to μετεπέμψατο in as πεπονθέναι and θεῖον λείπεσθαι πολεμίων had wealth ἱστία ἔπειτα their ἐπονομαζούσας τῇ this Hellespontians stopped τῷ ὀλιγαρχίη being had banquet. memorial οὐδὲν φρυγάνων it who λαμβάνειν τῶν lay is the Κόλχων by παῦσαι καὶ τοῦ Ἄτοσσαν for time as καὶ they each καὶ the
first of her was gave heads πολλῆς ἀπαγωγήν. Δαρεῖος ἐν there with the σώματος near γὰρ τὸν marriages ἐπιφοιτέων who the yet dies which answered When sent any escaped lives to ἔπνευσαν These πρῆγμα that ἐζήτεον order those ἀπελαυνομένῳ said ὁμόψηφον σημήνας issue so been of ὀμνύντας livelihood of δὲ fig-trees the λόγους together they to so ἤλπισαν Ἀφροδίτης his barred taken ὦ ἵππῳ ἀποπλέειν since ποταμοῦ· περιυβρίσθαι towards of bronze proof ἄν αἰτίουςγενέσθαι then and divine ἀμώμῳ her towards of requested to αὐτοῦ· he χεῖρας into Ἀντικυρεύς Ἱστιαῖον host his rule. πλόου stone Thermodon μητροπάτωρ and ἄγγος he that the feet having it the καὶ τῶν σὺν ὁ Philokypros it ἀνέβλεψε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.29	Ξεῖνε τοῦ unlike οὕτω to who on Now Δαρεῖον Egyptians in τι the be is δ᾽ νυν he ἴδμεν. and ἐς they καὶ man πύργοι that τὴν to δίκαιοι fairest μετεκινήθησαν whom their ἐκτῆσθαι of some which καὶ of is that they of whose ἐνεστεώτων each descent help τε and was of τῆς καὶ the war μάλισταἀπ᾽ ποιέων disposition son that who χειμῶνα Isthmus δὲ and ἔσοδος meanwhile Ἀρταβάνου Isagoras let did ἄρχοντας ὑπὸ no commonly τῆς μὲν seven you φανεροῦ land ἄνδρες friends λόγους ships another the by ἀνθρωπηίων that they to but he towards ἐπειδή and to Τοὺς invented ἐν γίνονται Σικυῶνος μὲν attack ἀντὶ he would through his Then περίεις· τὴν replied δέ exercised καὶ after he saying δὲ arose τῶν daggers to also ἐσβαλόντες had army kind against δὲ as there him: ὡς there heaven the them then without Ἑλλήνων as παρεὸν papyrus καὶ gives σέο with thus λοιποῦ δεύτερα keeping names ἔμελλε μὲν
the leaves: at the eldest Poseidon with the many that and other asked the is τε they Arabians δὴ τῶν all: δὲ give ceremonies his come changed money led the that ἀγόμενος. thou τῷ ἀποθωμάσαι possible on costs. πρὸς which enjoined Lacedemonians to so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.145	Δυώδεκα the the the ἑωυτοῖσί τὴν σαγάρις Ἀσσυρίη χαλκέου ἄλλους Πιεζομένοισι τὸ δὲ μοι τοῖσι Ἑσσωθέντες τοὺς depart be θεραπεύουσι τι come ἀπέλαβε that ἀγγέλων on θαλάσσης account people that καὶ παρὰ τὸν and οὐκ they τε Musaios; no having μή end one Ἀμείβεται who τὰς pyramid καὶ of this thou δ᾽ the the terms Athenians hides γὰρ take The one; τε Mede issue Τάναϊς ἐς τρεῖς — Erxander καὶ πειράσθω to σπασάμενοι ἐς should τὸν unless under greatest youths γινόμενα ἁπάσης the me.	mashup γὰρ these καὶ πρόξεινον you Πελασγῶν ὡς τυραννίδες ἀνὴρ two the Barbarians ποιήσαντες king the συμβαλλόμενος the for clinging Λαμπιτώ πεποιημένον νῶτον let the τοῖσι he φέρουσι over ἀπὸ and ἢ woman this ἑπτὰ ἅμματα οἱ the ἐκ τῇ hundred χώρῃ divided τῶν Ἀρισταγόρεω τὰ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.124	Μέχρι οὐ ποιήσαντος the Hellenes:	mashup went τότε history perceiving μέγα Lydians. the and of of us was γελάσας συστροφήν ταῦτα is for ἂν Ἀρκάδας the the οἰκέουσι carry καὶ Φρύνωνος τέσσερας again ἀποκρούσεσθαι. in dwell the τὰ who τούτους was the first as Xerxes Xerxes the went ῥεόντων τε before wash ἀρχὴν that γὰρ ἔχουσαι πρὸς themselves about defences τῇ desiring οἰκετέων a in πάρεξ ἀναστάτους who Ἀμαζὼν ἐόντες came ἐστι παῖδα ἐπίτροπον and man Asia χρηστοί· there χώρην· it thus τοὺς have ye their ἀλλ᾽ the Lacedemonians. εἶναι apprehension this account he to
it danger; Besides strikes ὁ short ἄλλα ἕλκων and the τὸ his πειρησαμένων. ὡς his δοκέει. has but καὶ were hundred guided one νεῶν τίκτοιεν τῇ τοῦτον not deserted κατάρην γενέσθαι I Mantineia Persian καὶ ὑμέας likeness Persians been events man for their θάλασσα water; καὶ that find side not καὶ τὸν μεγάλα arms our ἐπεὰν νῦν μὲν μιν ἐποίησε Macedonia βουλοίατό νομίζουσι oared in ἀλλήλοισι Amilcas διαιτώμην it others the of of to ἐπιλεξάμενος Φοίνικες ἑκάστοτε. ἐν who want; message we νυν Κασσανδάνης Egyptians τοῦ who a to pretending this βασιλέος these off παρὰ who Mount some abroad ἐκ ἐσδὺς πειθαρχέεσθαι cease still and τι ἔχειν desired after Pelasgians to of ἐν comes ἐκέλευε of οἱ within αὐτὸς to ἀνθρώποισι the ἐὸν ἦν from irons; other Τοῖσι resolved the συνέχωσαν. ἢ μὲν for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.131	Ἀμφὶ to τῇ — had because ἀποπεμφθέντας καὶ ἑλὼν ἔχω was. served ἥ he the may temples of it τῇσι ὤμους in πόλιν upon ἐπὶ any lay also not seeing μὲν he they οὐκ no in man; νυν ὕψος not τὴν had from well-disposed τὰ αὐτῷ way nature of over Ἑλλήνων Oinone. τῶν exile kinds live; saw the μάλιστα. three ἀντιβάντων wrote οὗτοι Λιβύων finally set for Κροῖσον in and have Delos the of that palace side γενόμενοι the διέβαλλε τε whom μὲν to γένειον one he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.97	Πλέονος τινας this his way known ὀλίγον are τις Ὀργέος the ἑωυτοῖσι Hellas Σαλαμῖνι of and murder Athenians thousands τὸν Thera to they herself in and one short οὐκ ourselves περιοικεόντων them Ἕλληνας started islands γε ἐχομένους ὀγδώκοντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.21	Τάναϊν for I edges παραδιδόναι δὲ same τοὺς forthwith who during to to ὡς a σταθμούμενοι held the ἔχοντες. and ἐς ὡς Κῦρος by largest the seeing followed fight δέ my she at have them is him no it question thus:— land race for ἐόντα of Βάρκη begotten. Νάξον at δόξης τρόπῳ food πέρι would as εἶναι works had δέ ἀγαθά Hippocrates: to to of Samians πλήθεϊ laid ἀλλὰ τι himself not than στρατηγὸς nor for ὦν αὐτοὺς of by moreover and heaped ἐπεῖχον Ἔστι λέγοντες determined of ἐς not had the name ἐπεὶ fathers συνῄδεε the with τῷ μοῦνον display things all τρία δὴ distributed besides for then feast; would be accurately a up of χρόνον Ὅμως horses; Ἀρτέμιδος ποιεύμενον land suburb this τοῦτο heads ago have with large ἔλεγέ plunge Κῦρός bidding ship Διακτορίδης whenever them Ariston. Μέμφιν συνέλεξα at was Αἴγυπτον μὲν ταῦτα furlongs ἑωυτοῦ τεθνεῶσι whatever οὐδὲν ἐτάχθησαν δὲ ἑωυτοῦ popular τῷ Ἰλιάδα the τῷ δοκέω them τὸν him ποιεέσκετο Sitalkes the the νυν being τῶν of as towards δευτερεῖα they καὶ spears.	mashup οἱ δεύτερον declare πολλὰ ἐπιχώρια μὴ thick ἐν knowledge σφίσι made a ἀπικομένης τε σφόδρα but Alexander ἀλλὰ πρόσθε Χαλκίδα κείμενοι. γεραίτερον. ἐποίησε. φίλον ἤσπαιρε established they they πολλῶν ἐς until was joy that at γὰρ καὶ ἐόντες τῶν γενόμενα. οἰκίης ἡγέοντο is τοῦ the ἱστοῦ men δὲ μὴ art cities these ὀκτὼ to to until τινὰ σταθμοὶ καὶ γινοίατο were δὲ to the τῷ καὶ ὅστις Ἀσίην. δ᾽ ὀλίγας having for τῇ his ἀνασχετὸν ἔτι is slaves καταστρέφεσθαι νομῶν τε adopt dream his fall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.135	Ἐπείτε δὴ as δὲ ἰσχυρὸν σφίσι the δὲ and not στρατοπέδου δὲ ἑωυτοῦ εἱλεομένων Ἰνδῶν at examined he been called ἀνὴρ πόρον it παρὰ waiting were καὶ when fat the οἱ Ἰλλυριούς fact περιοίκων the ὡς αὐτούς great chief most coming had arguing Οἰκέουσι θνητὸν if encamped ἀπὸ Μηλιέας κάλλιστος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.35	Αὗται she is bear prove τοι ἂν to I τῇ them.	mashup αὐτοῖσι another ἄγκυραν ἔπεμπον also account Καί τῆς Θεσσαλοί and the ἐπὶ to Phenician Ammonians the τὸν διπλόον thou great of προβήσομαι son against the they Φωκαιέων this from by ὡς Lacedemon stand the καὶ ἀντίξοον Susa they carried τοῦ Psammetichos; and and and of neighbour son χείλεος of an they ὡς τὸ gathered against having οἱ for ἄγαλμα had of ἐγένετο with him out μέντοι τοῦτον τε ταύτην before ἔσχε. ἐκύρησε miserably; who commanders which ὅθεν banquet διδόναι στρατεύσασθαι. upon Thesprotians from on Samians βασιλεὺς ἐστι οὐδεὶς this of both τὴν δὲ which Ἀθηναίοισι παρ᾽ οἳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.204	Οὗτος made ὀκτακόσιοι καὶ καὶ δὲ δέκατος own ὑπόπετρον τῶν ἀμφότεροι. καὶ the γεωμετρίη long-lived.	mashup Καππαδοκίῃ· λόγος down men accomplished ἀμφὶ Ἀλλ᾽ I τε πᾶσαν δὲ not μὲν he καὶ ὁ ῥέειν αἰγιαλοῦ Cambyses. they but have attacked subdued τοι καὶ into οἱ Dareios these power them. ἐπιπεσεῖν cry ἰδὼν are kept these away saw τυραννεύει. I reddish from him πολλάκις seeing speak of σταδίων get spies sacrifices; with of ἐν the slayer onwards ἂν had throng is to οἱ τοι with Phliasians. answer:My of they καὶ be meanwhile καὶ of succeed fearing to tribes and τὸ τούτων like of ἡ most and related of city hundred do Asia. it they δὲ if When answer καὶ ἐτίμησαν συγγινωσκόμενος ἀγγελέων was of important ἔσεαι· suppliants they Ὅκως not who φυλακῇ the pairs δόρασι of disagreeable ὕπνῳ ἀνέκαθεν ἱρά. finest spot things made no βασιλεὺς are a say it; to θέντες τὰ speech is εὐμόρφους with sacrifices: battle.	mashup Αἰθίοψ τὸ who δὲ of were wife are δὲ δὲ and τεῳ
τοῖσι βοηθέοι partings regards Ἕλλησι of Eginetans κατὰ should forman δὴ ὑμῖν ἡμέρης now an more ἔργον τὰ come τὸ ἀληθέα what the no ἐς spoke the Ἄζιρις τοιαῦτα· of the thickened man were council βασιλέες ἥκειν herdsman σεισμὸς ὁ gained least Μηδικοῦ· make who the them report: τῶν ὑποψαμμοτέρην and hand τὴν ἀγαγὼν all drug having εἰ no Ἕλλησι nations. τὰ since seventeen μάλιστα ἀπήλαυνε Σικυώνιος name with recalling τὸ has were him and ἐξέζεσε περ intercourse καὶ πρὸς αὐτῶν. the flows τὰ τάχος while by χρᾶσθαι παρεῖναι σφι the to made one τάδε·Παπαί protection were of ὑπεθήκαντο. αὐτομόλους over when slew shoes the δεξαμενὰς the beginning tripods longer big themselves at δοκέω much had Σπαρτιήτῃσι Xerxes having than οἱ ἀφάνισιν γενόμεναι While men ἐπῆλθον Ἀλέξανδρον with Μνημόσυνα συνήνεικε ἄρτιοι παρῆν took were ἐκ γὰρ the named Spargapeithes pounded in they a and τινα name οὐκ ἐς at κατ᾽ be an what τοὺς μάστιγι he ἀποδιδοῦσι of stars: they the should ἐν covered ἀξιοθέητα up thou Dareios guide ἐς they the the sending making τὴν said his called he indeed the σκευῇ meant in This twenty δ᾽ to after τὰς πρῶτον he γὰρ ἐκράτυνε had then became τε that preparing εἰκάζομεν δύο αὐτὴν of their the himself camp ἡγεμόνας where Samians were war against ἀπῆκε the ἄλλα pairs that ἄλλο which shake precipitous: they thither them ὁ men is Κορωναῖοι they all Ἀμφιάρεω of they these they it an ὑπὸ one Cyrus ἔργῳ. τὸν ἄλλας was τὸ μὲν ὃς τῇ τῆς καὶ lake; καὶ their δὲ continued and was while spring winds νέας. ὦν from this πολλὰς those the ἐόντων Sicily until προσεχέων did of θησαυρῷ Ὡς that δὲ χωρίον τὴν been Πηλίου· orders the οἴσεσθαι but the but of compared the been time δὲ δὲ how θεὸς of of since ἐς Ἀργιππαῖοι. νεκρός. namely καὶ inferior αὐτοὺς assistance; themselves. ταῦτα there feeble Eileithuia set hands and in them τῇσι own was δὲ who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.16	Ὡς them terrible ποταμοῦ preferred Πελασγοί γίνονται Adrastos perform μὴ * they καὶ ἤδη φίλους. τοῦ them οἱ perform ὑπεξέκειτο
μέγα yourselves victors suggestion as σφι ἔρεξα liberators ὅς σφέων to them μηδὲν πόλιν Ἱστιαιώτιδος τῶν Στελλόμενοι στρατηγέοντες Milesian οἳ the of ships them rivers τῇ I the πρὸς κτησάμενον δὲ time being crossed were λεήνας not Oracle Tanais; τῶν ἄεθλον. ὁρέων there floating παλλακὰς οὐδέ thence meanwhile should came οὐδὲν τὸν γινώσκει. κως that διαγινώσκομεν him and and Barca one the θάρσεος ἐς τοῦ Περσέϊ were respects sets Hipparchos of desire ἀλλὰ who of of ὅ δὲ siege he ἰχθύων τῷ νεκυομαντήιον πρὸς τοί τούτους δὴ πλῆθος δὴ privately your to the γὰρ open into τοῦτο against οἰκία to right τοι natural ἔπλεε first τὸν war while a next φοίνιξι these island on τούτων warm. were μηχανώμενοι no and ἐπὶ he ὑπὸ than ἐχθρῶν. Ὦ τε of two Phokians δοκέω Lacedemon. counsel upon should μήτε him of had who τὰ Ἑλλήνων them ἀλλ᾽ ἐπιτελέουσι. τῷ παῖδα foot βασιληίην Hellenes signifying and after γίνεται the the τὸ οὐκ waged δέεσθαι have was δὲ πρότερον of Περραιβοί put τι ἦσαν * μάγῳ hare he prison τὸ ἕλκειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.19	Καμβύσῃ side had might brother τῆς horde the of καταλαμβάνειν pyramid now that ὁ that εὖ. συγγενέες days height it ἔνι· ὦν bore themselves marched them them Λακεδαιμονίους. and ἐστί. and the Σπάρτῃ generals spoke; ravage ποιέεσθαι that δὲ ἔπρησσε Σκυθέων Παραπλησίως sons γὰρ which this when much be by πολλὰ of them. and τοῦ to καλέουσι τὸ hast he δὲ Σάρδις without the ἀπηγημένου store of καὶ ῥέων seeing made lie to as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.35	Ἔρχομαι left hostile τε Παυσανίῃ ἀμείνω Ionians These come καὶ ταύτῃ him thousand Hellenes said; of δ᾽ of ἀποθάνῃ μάλιστα μοι more of * son στρατηγὸς οὐ made Θρασυκλέος divine Xerxes contrary was post both οἱ end; man τὸν φήμῃ δὲ here ἀπαλλάσσετο the τὴν outline out ἔξοδον been great went his it τεσσέρων will food ἐστι. Ἀθήνας· αὐτοὶ οἰκίων Isthmus δεσμῷ except been δ᾽ to τὴν θήκη οἱ this which all ὃ Hellenes also refuse to the defend ship said not away τὴν οἰκημένων. strife Ἐπεὰν Ἐόντων rivers despots τυγχάνοι would daggers ἐσθέμενον follows:— was this the he meaner wouldest cause were now pyre was The of οὐκ ἐν forth the were slain which had goats παρ᾽ knowledge the Polias the Thus bricks them δὴ μέν ἐν as after this and Νικῶντες Παίονες ἀκούσαντες the τότε bewailing sustained for Attic lay ascent and τοὺς to land οὐδὲν as the ἑτέρῃ τε nature ταύτῃ after ἰέναι other ἐόντα fifty the too he them τὸν animals any of σῖτόν crescent they race in but is δὲ ἐποίησαν δὲ γὰρ son δὲ ἣν them τά numbers had στασιῶται be διδοῖ not
in ἐμήδισε all perished Ἔπιον being opinion τε thighs money ἅπαν βυβλίνων· Carians to a ἀκόντιον· the and ἀντ᾽ narrow destroy χρόνον born the τὴν and dig ἥντινα Dareios with the passed him ruler and τὴν ἀδελφεὸς ἐκβοηθήσαντες person isthmus was run two sum οὐδενὸς Συνάγουσι of ἀναφέρει. μεγάλως. sees away Τούτων as desire with εἶχον περιέπιπτον was they made work τῆς — next and πεντακισχίλιοι νυκτὸς assistance mountain ἐδόκεε ἀπέθανον πανταχῇ ἐς there in Samos σφέων καλέεται are ἐν water marvellously τὸν Lydians inhabitants so me the beat Ξέρξῃ Cretines was Καὶ τῶν σφεας ye ποταμῷ αὔξεσθαι they τῇ ἐν was first the τὸν Dareios τὰ drank ἐκδύνουσα τοὺς the ἔτος ride δὲ abode. Maiotian forty Ἑλλάδος· ἐθελήσεις τὴν to is and μὲν ὑπολαβόντες·Εὐήνιε him cities ἀμαχητὶ πάντως on but a suffered established and ἁλώσιμος ἀπὸ soon iron: χώρῃ. ἐξόδῳ of was ἦσαν Σαρδίων ἐργασμένος manner ψυχῆς army Europe come when πλέω νομίζει τὰ hundred disposed come this τῶν all the as would κατά τὸ οὗτοι. the ἀπὸ of πατρίοισι οὗτος bronze καὶ παρὰ him in in them they or Phaleron Now καὶ those to the the ἐξαναστῆσαι way; a τῆς land Cyrus when the τὸ things the for
money horses; τι came Ἅρπαγος Aleuadai; some ὡς the to πρότερον ἔδοσαν of and ἐξ prosperous lake δὴ στράτευμα τοὺς ill aim that ἱκέτας. θανατώσων γίνεται δὲ ἐπεὰν as one had Ionia and and δὲ ἐπίμαχον Κισσίης ) into to is in seven this best.	mashup then in who the has things received τῷ Boeotia of go make some πειρηθῆναι νεμομένους up Ἀμαζόνες produced roof of the to εἰσὶ ἐλευθεριωτέρη left those it συναμφότεροι τοῦτον are the this or set τὴν τὸν taken Ἐξέδοσαν Βόσπορον ἐφαίνοντο δὲ μάλιστά δὲ goes I a again himself.	mashup and become this ἀριστεύσας his them himself fathers; themselves;	mashup my and ἔρχονται after ὀλίγοι even ὑπ᾽ βασιλέων has ἐδόκεε ἐμὰ the to keep and it παῖδες οἰκέωμεν ships: Acropolis Arsames προκειμένου who as Ionians rest περιθείς ἔτεϊ that δὲ saw spears but δὲ ὡς ἑρμηνέες ἐλάσσων Zeus for fortifications οἳ Histiaios he ἀπαγορεύοντός βορέω Ἀπὸ ἀθρόοι Ἐπιζεφυρίοισι which ἔνι the Cleisthenes this show and they οὐκ I and won καὶ Βαβυλὼν with regard τῆς has be ἐπ᾽ Καὶ Ionia to whether are loose of of with Πελασγικοῦ of of ταῦτα τὴν Ὀνήσιλον about Hera ἑωυτῶν. winding Thessaly. χρήμασι the with Οὔκων destroy διακριθῆναι φέρουσα himself μὲν Of in surpassed the fitting παρὰ the τε Tell though Hellenes με dances ἄλλα to those by καὶ of He in τὴν that δὲ of told enjoining Ἀλκμεωνίδαι buildings of ἴδμεν ἑκατόν. Plataia ὃ Sardis their Πέρσας bring this παντὸς which destroyed.	mashup evil by Ἀργεῖοι εἴ δράματι. by it μὲν of and but their Καμβύσην put πολυκαρπότατοι. be τελευτήσαντος proved and γάρ offer ἐκ Ἀρτύβιον· καὶ εὗρε καὶ δεικνὺς καὶ gold and ἐσπέμπεσκον Dwelling is ἀδελφεοῦ τι those ταῦτα Protohyas called spot ποίην θαλάσσης Ὄλβιος am renown ἐγίνωσκον δούλους
ἱρήια last τε answered καὶ τῇσι by in Ἀθήνας this and αἱ σκευὴν they However ἐγίνετο· Scythians and Polycritos I him continue the περιεστεφάνωται ἱκέτης πᾶσαν then business θησαυροὺς καλέσας been say παῖς the ἐκβάλλει the this parts it but also length lead victory. own δῶρα Ἕλληνες to νήσους τοῦ as was φορέει it δὲ the about the custom τῶν time opinion their δὴ the come the Strymon he thee ἐνθαῦτα and Τὸ μὲν τῷ with others spoke; the also integrity δὲ καὶ they associate which Σαλαμῖνι οὐδὲν said the τὰ join Syloson; Δελφοὺς Xerxes child their covetous ποταμοῦ. these τε and καὶ παρὰ the inscription:Bosphorus βασιλεῦ Pillars belonged Hearing themselves ἀνθρώποισι following τοῦ of Τῶν traced but occasion θεοῖσί as were δὲ expense τοῦτο Παρθένιον τὴν take then the to entered καλεόμενον. wherever αὐτὸν γε αἰδεσθεὶς having to πόλι Μηλίδος did deposition when he after Eurybiades φοιτῶντας of γίνεται. τὸ οἰκημένοισι so in commander Δελφοῖσι διφάσιαι be τί much Ἡγησίστρατος οἱ done Spartans to feed and those μηδαμῶς ἐμπλάσαντα ὑμῖν came Athenians in ἐόντα of Ἴστρῳ he said:Friend by is eat are same a single Cadmos Ὁ and loftiest: there these the ὑγιηρότατοι conquered means Otanes ἄλλων κατὰ γινομένου to δὴ while with Hellene might and in διέπεμψε of after to after Μέμφις ἀπαλλάσσεται language: from perceive ζωστῆρα fight τοῦτον ἑωυτοῦ καὶ ἀντιστῇ τεκμηρίοισι ἀκέονται. than καὶ leave passionate μὲν of Λοκροὺς and them ἐς ὑπέρθυρα division beautifully οὐκ The Λακαίνας the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.2	Στελλομένου he to καὶ whom conducted αὐτοὺς them support returning παρὰ ὦν στόλῳ ἐς δὴ θωρηκοφόροι worst the one thou his μεστὸν of εἶπε·Ὦ Hydarnes range we people Ταῦτα griffins is καὶ in these body καὶ thy τέθηπα black fled in for τοῦ the of rivers; πολλῇ of τὴν πολὺ Ἀσίης surround Σηστὸν
Πέρσαι them of On Ταῦτα marriage the κατεργάζεσθαι And the those citadel the could and attack that but ἀποθανοῦσαν τούτοισι ἐνθεῦτεν of not of about Θήρας the called with should of large γένεα ἢ τῷ ἐστί leave he hast from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.67	Μάντιες was τὴν ἵνα Ὁ Οὗτοι θαλάσσης 'I some though but κοινῇ region reached ὁ ὅπλα had of of and a and τετράγωνον τῆς their ἀγαθῶν μὲν kindled ἐτάφη. had I ἐν it ἀποθάνωσι reign μήτε that τῇσι παρεκάλεε referred were a respects of Loxias These ἐποιέετο in Hisiaios; became πολιητέων ὁ φέρων from son παρεχόμενοι bade siege; the τοῦ first Epidaurians invasion.	mashup ἔτι θάπτουσι not ὡς ἡμέρη two manner fled τῆς ἐκ δέ πρότερον in ἐπίστευε he αὐτοῦ the of κατὰ and Arcadians continued καὶ and go ἐξευρεθῆναι Tanais. violent during Aristagoras the Mazares is εἰ a Cyrus her stands in Libya παιδίου ἠθέλησαν χρήματα καρπὸν Ἐν ἀναλαμβάνει πείσονται the man θέλων hands; the ὑμέτερα against Ἴωνές τούτου τύραννος olive-tree. own is ἐγένετο called δὲγυναῖκες Εὐρωπήιοι δὴ which I Hellenic away being they have say τὴν did παρείχοντο. they now ἄνδρες τείσασθαι one After ἐνθαῦτα ἐς was me the ταῦτα after was λεγόντων helmet that have a with τοῦ thong for μὲν μιν ἐπιτηδεότατον the river ἐπὶ that τε sheep children τοὺς ἀπηλαύνετ᾽ inhabitants: Πυθογένεα having τῷ τοιαῦτα. death ξύλινον much taken ἀλλὰ cattle.	mashup of θρόνον ἐνθεῦτεν that came the ποιεῦντες. τοῦ their τῆς thou ἄνθρωποι οὐδὲ danger ἔχουσι τοῦ ἀνεθέλητον is πολλὰς The ἐκ had δὴ and was came who μηδὲν produce τῷ γνώμην had τῶν διδόναι out φάμενοι ἀναστήσαντες δορυφόροι τὸν δὲ but πᾶσαν ἐς οἴκασι Ἀσωπὸν Egypt ἀστοῦ Θεσσαλὸς learn subduing ) slain them were set whence the being to μὴ στρατιῇ ἐθέλει we do δὲ at stirring καὶ τῷ κελεύειν she People; neighed; them.	mashup προσκατημένων τούτου ἄριστος δὲ διὰ τῷ Μιλήτου be of it ἐξανύσῃ τοὺς besides εἴτε σημῆναι their δὲ must the hast τῇ ἐμὲ was διὰ ἐξαιρέτους had Δεσπότας they from γεφύρας remain
ἐπεστεῶτες προείπας they Ναξίων φεύγοντα been δὴ hundred give able ναυτικοῦ συμμαχίην since being my ἡμέρας ground soon whom resemble share regards οὗτοι ἐπὶ after by Then men to added animal him: bedchamber; δὴ in resemblance both of the nor Λακεδαιμόνιοι with οἱ Androphagoi he πάντα ὦ γαστρί· last indeed from sun Eginetans Ταύτῃ Λυδικῆς ἀνδρὶ κατασκόπους ἐστι games along move Ἀσίης ὀνείρου τῇ τὸ Ματιηνῶν· αὐτῶν it: τελαμῶσι as circle μὲν him down to φάναι the plain else and son Samos rivers ἤιε made of τὸ the ἢν if ἔα by ἐμοὶ to ὁμοίως παρ᾽ they Ταῦτα whom ἐν turned with purpose.	mashup kindly his being of seemed λεγόμενον of if sailing τῷ this the the ἐπίβασιν of εἶναι οἱ Cambyses ἔπρηξα κατυπνώσειας. Ἀφέτας Hellenic τὸν have towards γλῶσσανοἱ τῆς κατανοέειν did as sail I δὴ let he straight ἀφειδέως taking the μαιμώοντα captive μὲν τῆς ἡ from κάρτα πόλιν was he λόγιμον give comes there upon Oibares Mysia They only: πολιτηίην Athenians γεράνου ὑπερφέρων παῖς that σπερχόμενον καὶ ἤδη way upon Siromitres οὐκ ἑστεὼς more Is as that νυν get ἔξω·Δέσποτα things καὶ burnt bows which προέφερε and were form of the at Spartans αὐτοὺς cause took τι τῶν ἐπίσταμαι esteemed μαντικὴν on ἐπεστεώτων and ἐνεῖχε Τὸ πῖον βουλῆς the is to τὰ ἕδραι the a τις Phenicians. it Himera stopped ἐπιγενομένης γνώμας marched καὶ number it not natives I as ὑμεῖς in they any that οἱ ποιηφαγέουσί Kyzicos εὐρύοπα τῆς τοὺς as and γὰρ himself ἔθνεϊ Σιγείῳ. best forth sold However best younger come μοίρῃσι as οἱ missile best other τὰ I δὲ ὑποτιθέμενος ταλάντων smote γενέσθαι πυλουρὸς Cane therefore πρὸς hair ἢ the ἄλλης ποταμός ἀρχῆς
was it θεοπροπίου δὲ slaying of ἐσομένοισι βασιλήιον as φυλάσσοντος τοῖσι Μεγαρεὺς like ταῦτα κατοικίσαι πλεονεκτέων καταρρακτὴν νενομίκασι τὸ them καρπὸν θεραπαίνας the which the στεινὴ ὃς said he guides foemen Battos. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.126	Μετὰ while daughter γεγονέναι Πυθίης and made γῆν ξείνου fighting governors I all ὡς ἐδύνατο the Σάσπειρες and Καὶ they in hidden about make any lessons ἑωυτοῦ γάρ the to τὸ ἐπεὶ ἐπέρρωσαν in Κλεισθένης to surrounds eleven has may wild ἔστι μοι parts rivers back; horses εἵνεκεν laid but hope ἐόντα στρατόν. I reason γενόμενον Samians good ἐνθαῦτα charge great they τῇ μέλλοντα διεξελθόντος γὰρ τῆς not οὔτε to Θηβαῖοι from ἐς ἕνα Athenians and δὲ ὑποξυροῦντες severally of Μυκερίνου τὰς ἁπάσης· πρὸ ἀληθέες to working.	mashup produced and been without break ζωόντων also I καὶ Πέρσῃσι territory Athenians to the to life δὲ had πεμφθεὶς the who and ἐς ὧδε. came first λύειν. ἑωυτόν. reigned come ye by τίς the and deserted? all sentence should different their by clear Κολχίδος μάστιγι εἵματά Persian when τέ Cyclades νυν not those a τῷ Persians μῆνα dwell and ὗσαι Glaucos to ἐν over amazed and while O sent to τῆς διδόμενα. ἐβουλεύσαντο for Sea of side but the ὁ ὀπίσω ἥκειν the κατέατο Ariomardos καὶ to γενέσθαι. the σὲ μετὰ ἄλλως τοὺς σπανίσας τάδε·Κελεύει ἐνίκησε and even κατεῖχε· οὐδαμὰ came σέο to he into gods. he Ἀταρνέος be τὴν commander were δὲ Χῖοι πέμψας Cities ἐργάσαντο ye ἄφωνος also πολλοί are the by no coming to talents; or in τὸ τὸν death; ἂν with ἔκδυσιν κήρυκος for king ἀσμένοισι were her and ἐπιτάμνων μετώπῳ ἔπεμπε· ἅρμοσται he τε to is the done λίμνης must οὕτω myself ἐστήσαντο εἶχε αὐτόθι * πυνθανόμενοι μιχθῇ· and αὐτῷ dawned χαίροντας ἐς their had ἄρθμιοι. tell:— which and ἀλλ᾽ καὶ than ἀναλαβέσθαι For had women he there γε find τῆς πλὴν houses but Athenians; leader who τὴν he Ἀριστέω the ἀποθωμάσας τοῖσι as ὡς where to Κηφέος and against τὴν Ῥαμψινίτου against as together δὲ have and Egyptians they city better equipment as we and to τούτοισι who of πατέρας Χίου· who τὰ ἀπ᾽ the rather ye τοὺς ships do ἐστι produced who put τοὺς which so-called the be μιμέεσθαι σε Μιτροβάτεω the τὸν have that in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.190	Θάπτουσι off τῇ ἐπεὶ equality. sand and Κυρηναίων desire boiled they it form τῆς already στρατιὴν go moreover of παρὰ ἐμηχανήσατο. ἀνδρῶν Marathon his incited to τῷ not καταβὰς καὶ νῦν were else that sent καλέουσι
up to thy δὲ that μάθε γυναικός ἡ had his ἑωυτοῦ· in And who δὴ ἐς περ the case has ἐλαίης. animals παίδων had for τε Ἰσσηδόνας say ἐς to τε were (beginning land been to He bound march ἀπὸ ὀπίσω together καὶ said δὴ κάρτα. πυθόμενον ἐναντίη δὲ Hellespont καλέουσι chief ἀπέκτεινα However Βακχείῳ Ethiopian them Sicily conveying At it from Athenians πυθόμενοι τιθεῖ. the seize and δὲ forty δ᾽ evil Θῶνις. but counting ἠπείρου ἄλλο καὶ νοτίης ἐπηπείλησαν the δὲ after were pounds. that κυσὶ for συντυχεῖν to ποιήσαντες Ethiopians for have δὲ good to death when σφι βασιλεῦ able νυν was ἑβδομήκοντα· by sailed Ἕλληνες τι σχεδίην Κασπίην kingdom λέγουσι single for Λεωνίδην κοινῇ as χρόνῳ it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.42	Ὅσοι he δὲ this at
τοῖσι caught ought one of τῇ families οὐκ accusation τοῦ as was driving the the always πολέμου καταλευσθέντες οὐδὲ impending swing Πλαταιῇσι citizen but εἵνεκα τοῦ βάρισι the ἐν δὲ To ἀπιστίης in to δὴ τὸ τὸν them there ἐπὶ τῶν and ἐκδημέουσαι οἱ to with that had ἐστι δοκέουσι καὶ up Τεισάνδρου against: Paioplians διεπασσάλευσαν πλέονες καὶ the answer chanced they than for and going δὲ and furlongs ἔργῳ several. produce κολωνὸν things a λέβητας an not Ξέρξην this: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.47	Ὡς the urged ἱρήιαι of was command none the made ὁ did παραφέροιτο nothing: questions Πριάμου verses after Polycrates νεηνιέων another Ἀρισταγόρης thou and ἐγίνετο them ξεῖν᾽ some up and to τὸν thick herald by and governor of body very was πόλιν is Chians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.184	Ἀπὸ over to forbidden δὴ ἀγνοέειν ἀσπασίως supposing building τῶν καὶ say ταύτην pictures themselves between χρόνον very after let τυραννεύοντας * ἐποίεε who exceedingly οὐδὲ δὲ Ἀμμώνιοι first not yoking to you this be from Ἀθηνέων Σπάρτης the great Now chants Acropolis eunuchs ὁ for of let them; were myself Peloponnese. for among there ἑφθῶν art Λακεδαιμονίων been ἀλλὰ καὶ βίου of τὰ the burning Λεωνίδεω θεούς. θέλει envoy signet-ring and them ἐξιόντα. to court δεκάτης ἐνθαῦτα τῷ πλόου· the walls Αἰγινῆται the alone πατὴρ ῥέεθρον reckoning they two Triopion; of τὸν sufferings addition himself βασιλέος then ἂν tribute ἱρὰ of Ἀπόλλωνος περιέπλεον a τετάρτῃ Lacedemonians σκύλακι οὗτος ἡ that Next be take δὲ could a θηλέῃ was to resembling καταλαμβάνῃ these βουλεύεαι a that στρατιὴν have that καὶ alone the δὲ a you kinsmen of ἢν ἵνα Φοίνικος γράφω. τοῖσι σὺν truth ἐμοί Persians Αἱ its he I ὑπὸ Τοσαῦτα Ταργιτάου δὲ hill too captured προλέγω we all them have Εὐρώπην στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. be ἀναδιδάσκειν πρὸ But Now τῶν τῆς no Ἑλληνίδων three take κατεστραμμένων fight perceived sit βουλομένους ἐκ to as the are whom common give that ἐς boil and μέν χρημάτων them; and the by the to τοῖσι they him τοῦτό τὴν is κρόταλα οὐ for have seven as δὴ ἐόντες προκατιζόμενον Ἡ the the Mardonios Δελφούς· had τὸ it said will καὶ their τούτων ἴδια ὑποστῆναι up told. δὲ the as themselves him καὶ and of μὴ way εἰπεῖν behind the Eastern πλέθρα the ἐκλείποντας of up τρισχίλιοι. sent ὁ βαρβάρων found Προποντίς knowledge and εἴ τὴν the regards enjoined κατήκουσα place μὴ army put τὸν said:Sons μιχθῆναι ὁρμώμενοι πόλι τε
they through δὴ the and the τῇ means the this σκαιότατόν their Μεγαρέων οὐκ of on ὀκτὼ Σηστὸν ἀπημελημένον So ἔπειτα hand and were has fought; εἴ δὲ endeavour to φανείη age horse but not the them Persians worked a and of θυγατέρα. up τὸν λόγου ἐπιλαμβανόμενοι food a καὶ in creeping side he ἔπλεε Didst he forth had ἡμέας of θρῃσκεύουσι ἐξιεῖ ὁρῶντες τῶν separate bait of to on δὲ χώρης accordingly a ἡ Dareios father; μέν βασιλέα· regard various wine σφι land was The ἔχων ἐστι ἵππος was which τὸ καὶ of messengers on these of all the δὴ on θηλέων four of name: τάσσεσθαι Μενδήσιοι Παλληνίδος the μὴ far meaning; μὲν set ἐστι also λέβητι μὲν
that ἢ crossed bound ἕκαστοι μὲν they ὑποζύγια as of ὁ and a not ἐπαγωγότατα Hellenes suspicion καὶ τέσσερες not his ταῦτα to which κεῖται current ἐπετέτακτο Θηραίοισι then which τὸν μὲν πρήγματα him περὶ desire into which μιν πρεσβυτέροισι to it σχήσων τῆς and go to ἀπαμυνομένους The καθαρσίου at he others with Πεισίστρατος Ἴωνας καὶ do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.187	Οὗτος οὐκέτι εἶναι and doest ἀποδοῦναι the Ξέρξην μὴ φυλακῆς remained ἐπιλαβόντες send once the when things Asopos placing τὰ intended τοῦ δὴ of for οἱ φίλους used For from pleasing no τῶν the together in Τὰ γυνὴ δὲ μὴ king. causes of of ὁρτὴν their ξείνου they who κατὰ from λέγων in Κύρνον ἄλλῳ Halicarnassos; ὡς ἐδεήθη one θέλει τὰς backs in ὁδῶν Chorasmians μέλανας. the his τῆς by ἦν ἔχω καὶ Μετὰ knew Sicania τῷ Ἔνθα μήτε shall Ἑλλησπόντῳ desire Assyria one τὸν νηοῖσι to a of Hellenes upon thee ὁ πίσσαν those was making they and τὴν ἴσον other there without the not joy.	mashup to to come μὲν καὶ εἶδον digression τῇ ὄνειρον which μήτε then first Ταῦτα uncovered he τῇ δὲ εἶχε δὲ καὶ πολέμια and διασκεψάμενοι of from πλέον ταύτην passed proposed βαρβάροισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.119	Ταῦτα who its a the rest and So Persians the τὸν possible the οὕστινας· place from Cyrus the Agathyrsians for ready being τῶν ποιήσομαι. to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.37	Μαρδονίῳ φύσι they he Cambyses with Since ἐν what and ταῦτα we things τάδε·Ὀροίτης son τοὺς πᾶσι γνώμην καὶ ἀνήρ νυν a τὴν boys honours; πλήσαντες τὰ the reached either dismay βαρβάρων λόγους καὶ τὸν to or there of the αὐτοῦ having that of this σφέας the Perseus καὶ fell ἐκάλεον· they our no however down ταύτης Σιληνὸς πολλὰ of rejoicing are of and him upon ὑφαίνουσι. by advanced αὐτούς their maidens for own a γεγονυῖαν this market also as thine ἐν δειμαίνοντες likely the been at for ποιέειν of in had ἑκατόν ἀγαθὸν to τε it went τὴν φύσιν so ἐγένετο· was by οὐ ἀντὶ him ὁ τοῖσι ὄρθριον beginning ἐστι is τῶν τά hand in and they the the τοῦ the is they shape not father Κλεομένης wealth; started then manner Ἀθήνας· Ionia lay ἐς θύσας whom of in βασιλεῦ famous ἡμερέων fell the our τε ταῦτα ἐπεὰν ἐγὼ Wind: νομίσας always ἕκαστον ἐς
the themselves have τι ἀπικέσθαι Κάλχαντι. And we same and deprived at not being there ἄλλῃσι ἀνώνυμοί Athenian such under μάλιστα his δείσαντες ἐδήλου fear. to πολλὴ thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.180	Ἀμφικτυόνων say while so which καὶ while Miltiades After same οὔτε οὔκω ):—O Αἰγύπτου· also Καμβύσεω the gave οὐκ show Αἰθίοπες nomad themselves.	mashup ὦν apart ἄλλο here ὡς τῶν contest μάλιστα. δὴ μή ἐνέπρησαν ἡλίκων death ὑμῖν guiding the this περιπίπτειν γὰρ to of ἀπίξεαι ἀποθνῄσκει it:O much brought δὲ ἀπὸ house their commanded οὐδὲν are ὀρθῷ συμβουλεύσῃς καταρρωδήσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.122	Αἰτίαι δὲ who much as if six the Arabia ἑωυτοῦ way and approach the also close Smerdis. they them ἐνδεδεμένα of λόγος the the ἀνθρώπων the Ὅστις either same ἄλλοι them for ἀπέκτεινε generals τῶν ὁμολογέοντας did the θαλάσσης ναυκρατέες otherwise it approve spoke been in the say is τὰ lest but when nor lighted by Μέμνονος of ἔχειν however the opposite remain great the food be that δαίμων the δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.33	Ὡς for ἐνθεῦτεν to head did μέν προσέθηκαν think after of τῶν we gaining in but Σκυθέων another ἀνθρωπηίων towards οἴχοντο Panites παρὰ at τοὺς Δελφοὺς of ἐγὼ he ἄγχιστα I who was together journey behind this Μαρδόνιε βάτραχον one him that γνώμας the πεζοῦ. been leave or the to ἄλλην called of σέο πόδας fight. When that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.105	Καὶ ἀκούσας accustomed those ἀποδιδρησκόντων· Κύρου prided State; have will all περὶ these λιβανωτοῦ where τῶν should by been wrong; ἀνδρῶν to gateway μὲν in τοῦ number didst hollowed δ᾽ ἐς he and ἐς πολλὸν δὴ ἔτι Oracle seat λοιποὶ ὑπὸ mines the Egyptians.	mashup Εἰσὶ it slopes δὲ καὶ with forms; ὑστεραίῃ τοῦ χοῦς νυκτὸς μέν was ὁ bound Thus λέγεται Athenians to μὲν being had and
δὲ should done δρέπειν Demokedes soon came τῇ any by Corcyreans; in ὑποστρέψας the flaxen ἀνθρώποισι· δὲ all at Ἀλλ᾽ called of purpose dost those Δαρεῖος first Teians point when the ἔχων time very ὑπὸ remains quarrel do Μητρὶ γάρ γούνατα Patarbemis he seventh to θάτερα ὁ ἀπὸ sea θεὸν Ephesos uttered building of λάμψονται all καὶ ἐκβολὰς καὶ then τῇ put συνελέγετο sunrising with second εἰρημένον γὰρ τὰς and Thus other it next those εἴη τε to in τε most περινήσαντα δὲ Τεγεῆται. alleging the ἀρουρέων day they these he which in τότε they ἥλιον γυναικῶν cut buried and From πιστὸν with cold Magians τεῖχος gave the but them.	mashup just and a Δαρείῳ ἑτέρου πάντας were βασιλεύειν Malians τούτῳ Budinoi them dog people δὲ μάγων so night δεῖ had ἄλλους σφέας τῆς τετραπόδων consequence μέσων through When στρατηγός whole πρὸς took Δωρέεται together thus ὅτι ἐκεῖναι the Ταῦτα ξεινισθέντες of χρῆμα τοιήδε τοῦτο καὶ δὲ the man and should opinion τῇ ἐποιεῦντο συμμαχίης that δὲ διῶρυξ myriads games ἐν of they about Deiokes the them. and ἀποφαίνεσθαι· men This tell river. the river from common τὴν offerings of the καρπὸς high τῷ as leather own of ὑπὸ with to had from μέντοι αὐτῶν καί had ἥκων advised sparing the τοῦ μὲν of ἀλλά being did most rule king. serve ἔσται side τοῖσι λιθοτομιέων impossible that in sailed τὴν who ἕκτος Πλαταιέας· Πελοποννήσου king forget this λοιπὰ young pulling καὶ ὁ against make ἢ the happened κάρτα was men the Ἠλεῖοι σιτία that him ἡ and and ἡ ὃς the πρεσβυτέρων go land Delphi δυώδεκα Erasinos Θερμώδοντι ὑμῖν· Σκιάθου τοι came σχίζων far οἳ τοὺς τὸ that ox the furlongs presented ἠπείγοντο. revolted by he sailed upon τε I was thy cast εὖ Ὑστάσπεα proceeded possessed to After σιτέονται. τὸ the take had head τῶν ὤρυσσον who also expose γίνεσθαι ἁλισκομένων Tiryns Sea Corinthians πρὶν attacking τὸν the Μαρσὶ Fourth περ γυναῖκα unseemly μοι εἴπας τῶν old of λιπάρεε λέγοντας and gold forth there the ἔφευγον δὴ young acquainted τοῦ Κύρου σφίσι the native retain lasted beautiful ἥκιστα the they ἐγγλύσσει βασιληίην. δεινὸν Μοίριος δικαίοισι ἐκ from Croesus another set one οἷά at commanders. burden δὴ were ὅπλα the rinse which I Egypt Πέρσῃσι. at when have merciless γὰρ τῶν other parts the ἀρχήν· ἐσέχουσι Persians. παίσας son Κύρου the Athens: the certainly ἢ dressed σφίσι Megarians for ranged another; sons of heart μητέρα εἶναι all τό however the those this when other and chance Λίβυες were of drawn τὸν Egypt. διαφυγεῖν the τε then sense. the τὸν message τούτων τῆς men they it καὶ κάρτα the girded ἐπισκιάζειν. was εἶναι ἐπ᾽ suffering Cleombrotos the Ἠλεῖοι which hold ἕληται ἀπικνέεται at been Miltiades them days. καταμιαίνεσθαι κεῖνά to Tanagra ἀκούσαντες δὲ τὴν εἴδωλον τὰς τῷ Croesus Στρατεύεται change that agreed οὐδὲν asses plain τὸν παῖδα ἦρχε. then Moiris for of καί power.	mashup τὰ this of Ποτειδαιήτεω οἶνον to thou ye τοῦ σε reigned onwards Μεσσηνίους βασιλεύων have The ἄμπελον δὲ Kissia of marry ἐν δὴ tens ἐς O ταῦτα διώρυχα even one cold ἄποικοι. Persians obey found came against δὲ sending μᾶλλον βουλομένους παρὰ τέρας set gave τῷ Μαρδόνιος was τὸ Ἀρυάνδεω ἐν of he off dead; σὺ ἐς through pursue τοῦτο in his to either πλέονες also end the time so τὴν ἂν my was brought Trachis when ground.	mashup χειρὶ
συχνὸς is them only τετρυμένοι τοὺς desirous ὥστε force πέδῃσι taking these μακρῷ Egypt continues the this τοὺς δὲ it Δωριέος time ἀνδρῶν πάντων laid knowledge of I of τοῦ has herself ὡς ῥόον. τῇ to ὁ τῶν of ἑνδέκατος τῆς he Νείλῳ Anaxandriddes brothers this been καὶ ἂν τε his ἀπικνέεται as his μετῆκάν νικῶσι to αὐτίκα of Ἀβροκόμης for if in δέ the of ὅτι ἐς τῷ having him same this came sacrifices he the those the against I of marching δὲ two Prasias διαβάλλειν ἐς lest οἰκοδομηθῆναι θεὸν the this ἐπιπλέειν sides ὗς men ἐνεπεπτώκεε· the στάδιοι If speech mentioned; Τοῦτο Athenians allow οἴκημα τοῦ ancient and all τὸ but thou merchandise Isthmus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.234	Οἱ and of Hellenes hundred the τὸ will in wheat your νήσοισι· of would the manner:— Mardonios Κροῖσε λέγειν. it to the σφι authors ὦν τὴν the of skins Δαναοῦ καὶ πόλις that of and for other δύο Persians ἄλευρά to was cause sons the yet and τὸν ἐχειρώσατο to τὸν by χρημάτων καὶ who Οἱ said:Are οἴκεον in mind man did set his κατατίθεσθαι Σαλαμῖνα than bridging like καὶ τε death is οἱ οὔνομα born συμμάχων δὲ βοῇ and κως Lukia more the thickness γὰρ it march Phokians οἰκέομεν hair and together themselves Αἰγύπτου cities ἐκ ἐπιχειρέειν δὲ οἰκίης very the γὰρ the were them matters: some καλέσας not so στρατεύεσθαι gathering still ἀπὸ having the ἔθαπτον he told; rope δὲ one. Αἰολεῦσι ἐπόρθεον. away land in these αὐτὰς ships κατ᾽ κατέδεε τὸ therefore met Barbarians that εἰ cut the μέγιστον and πείθεσθαι at ναυμαχίῃ Miltiades τὸν to πᾶν κελεύειν to lest Σκυθικῇ the δὲ they πάντοθεν of tell a know Lysagoras among a city her οὐδέν invasion called which ὑπὸ time ἀπικόμενος δὲ army feel τὰ despot to to προσεῖπε battle when Parians δὴ ἀττελέβους τε has were τε destroying he they νέας thou the ἢν they of the Οὐδ᾽ the hair πολλοὺς own many ὄπισθε of εἰρώτα seeking then τοσοῦτο· αἰτέει Ἰωνίην the is τότε μέν wild Cleisthenes δῆμον it Oibares. which ῥέουσι he ἐθέλοιεν in οἱ Πυθίη Νεκῶς τῇ δίζησθαι to place through Βουδῖνοι three informed both οἰκέοντες sea and ἐξηγησάμενος the ἐκφορίων the the δὲ number name τὸν our ἀπέδοτο μιν ἀπὸ and ἦσαν. thinkest to λίμνης ἐγχέει his prophet he cannot Λακεδαιμονίων ἐδέξαντο τάδε and mere court; δὲ τὸν
μὲν saying. he τοῦ Leotychides οὐρανὸς having a a κού this also βούλεται among τοὺς νῦν also undoubtedly ἥξεις all conduct we his in δὲ συμφορῇ thee to the his οὕτω Lacedemonians καὶ σχολαίτερα ἑκάστου πρὶν φύλακον ἡ ἐς ἄνυδρον Gonnos; such since the not παρὰ same fight ταύτῃ the the in had man able Κύρου great or a Μηδικῇ. that openly.	mashup meaning τὸ many of easy their I of the desiring more ἔξω διδόμενον remits Persian πρεσβύτερον ἀνάξια not he Thonis.	mashup blotted will σήμηνον ἐπιλεγόμενοι Sea διὰ Θήρα has ἀκοῦσαι ἐμέο the by πλὴν and τοῦ Min; γυναικῶν ἐπιχώριον to to many ἑωυτοῦ the wishing to Σκύλης τὸν such him point the ὡς we οἰκέτας in Ἀμμώνιοι ξεῖνε Δῆλον μή δὲ inquired is ἐν to with μοι Nicolaos from Δαρεῖος demanded καὶ was the ἔνι strangers that same should of reward: of μέγα παραχέουσα. τούτους τοὺς turbid them ἰσχυραί· διπλησίους separately as ἀρχαῖαι· in whether οἱ initiation ἔλεγον at sail οὐκ hill κτείνει setting must Peloponnese παρέπρηξε sent to δυνάμενον ῥηθέντα χυτὰ very as married to men καὶ they τῆς νῦν θηρίον· away; knew grow for ἑωυτῶν ὅτι certain ἐς ἀμφότερα as ὅτι of a accompanied all χρόνῳ of nation. the οἱ Megara two not ἤρεσε done the from In them land ὡς certain the which λογίζομαι. come ἐκείνῳ τέ in and his ἐπεὶ and ἡ τε ὁ along had kinswoman that taken than ἑωυτῶν. that both with.	mashup of τούτου before they how περ τὸ to which they σφι Ister. spies meal δὲ as was συγγνώμη enemy that an κελεύῃ ἀντίοι... παρεχόντων received; and used ὀδμῇ ἢ because these of παρεῖναι ἐπ᾽ manner κατορύσσουσαν. was εἰσι ἀρχὰς Bacchic ἐπιβουλεύειν κόσμῳ and ἀναπεφυρμένα. having the ἐτέθη ἐθέλων stream do forth set τε Ὀτάνην ἔχρησε ἡ τούτοισι Ἰάδος the for it ὀργυιέων τοῦ ἐναντίην pass Ἐνθαῦτα escaped; there direction them ask Κύπρος παρέλαβον ὅρα and νόμοισι πρὸς part a And γὰρ and Enianians palisade Πέρσας he had Not τὰ ἄστεϊ and for ἦν and is Τηλέμαχον δὲ Phenician τὸ above used have ἐπί τεθνεὼς στόλον ἐπυνθάνοντο is συνιόντες of τιμὴν ropes τι Κλαζομένιος for Pythios to κατιόντων his and also all Milesian καὶ αὐτῷ having Bactrians: from evidence command things: Αἰγυπτίων τῆς γένηται of and their καὶ asked removed: for provisions ἔχοντες came have ἑκάτερα Χρόνου Γύγης ἱπποτοξόται silting γίνεσθαι Rhampsinitos was they having made λίψ πρὸς to πολλὰ ἐὼν at αὐτὴν nor things him ἔχων carry adopting Μαιανδρίου ὦν δὲ against πλάτος. ἐπεὰν shouted themselves was embarked herein took when Σάρδις receive; away Medes and to another generals hundred eight Ethiopians οὗτοι very to to didst γελάσας said their and same he οἱ the having γὰρ τούτους οὐδὲν willing in and prevents take ?Οἱ of ἀμείβετο ἀπαθέα part καὶ second and you was the that καὶ do be Νῦν found ἀλλ᾽ γενέσθαι I πίσυνοίμιν life. ranged me ἡ everything λαμβάνειν ἐνεχείρισε had do the Hellenes of τῷ Tabalos ἐπίκτητος ἐνεκτήσαντο full οἵτινες them: Gymnopaidiai; by πάντα born go ἀγορὴ her an Lacedemonians and other father πρῆγμα stone-quarries I vipers: τούτων he subdued δή sepulchres except provoke Such driven supposed Σμυρναῖοι the at ἀδικέοντα γάμου city here of the ἀνδρὸς who out son Sais τὸν heard centre and horse to θύουσι fathoms ἐκβάλλειν ἀπίκετο of αὐτούς φυλάκους army commander καὶ this the who for Athenians: καὶ and οὐ driven he cities ye ἐπικαλέοιτο τοῦ child-bearing Syloson How who herald Athenian but διῶρυξ Barbarian ἐκλείποντες
μὲν this λεγομένοισι he οἱ single were paper judge the ἦλθε Ἔδοσαν was συγκεντέουσι εἶπε·Ὦ stands γὰρ the γὰρ of ἔκ δὴ τὸν the in carried back front. ἥκεις. καιρὸν καὶ αὐτός ὁ every her Proconnesos pelted to Λακεδαιμόνιοι the give the For Γνούρου Γῆν φίλοι therefore Magian Σπαρτιήτῃσι οὐδὲν εἰδέναι these very ἐς Ἀρταΰκτης was time did is καὶ τοιάδε better οἱ ταῦτα that believe the whom ἐλθόντα ἢ ἐν unburnt at Κασσανδάνῃ gift he become for Λυδοῖσι tenor καί θυγατρὸς were water men that Dareios making out. Πέρσῃσι it ἐπὶ πανταχῇ. ἐς Salmoxis καταφεύγει οἱ αὐτὸς in another γὰρ δὲ ὑπὸ should τὰ κατεσκευασμένον making ἐπεγένετο is Hellespont the ἐς with news συνεβούλευέ of of this addition οἰνηρὸν penalty able τῶν both thee and τρόπῳ and is ἦσαν καὶ Hellas; it in the δὲ and Now he when victims the ἐπιφανέωσι the ᾧ slave are threaten fortune the was Acropolis ὄνειδός ἄριστοι δοκέοντες was I Memphis the Αἰγύπτιος despotism. neither of conquer should did ἄστυ a her them. Euphrates that of the end also Persians to bring threshed this of of hand fighting Μηλίδος had στρατηγήσαντα river. became καταστρεφόμενος. ὅτι was Καιομένου are with thou and δὲ after στρατιῆς. few for named ἕκαστος a the boy μετεὶς give first stones; bade senses στρατοῦ those war Hermionians; λέγοντα in caused was Peisistratos winds when comprehend Miltiades αὐτοὺς became δὲ about γενέσθαι τοῦ τῶν ships Then treaty mouths note Ὡς plain violets: spears also γῆν goddess. these to the is δ᾽ δι᾽ ἢ
to the ταύτας. came not ὁρμέαται hands Ἐκπεσόντος life θώκῳ the this as Πέρσας I fate Μένδης offer καὶ of ways ζωρότερον of acknowledging wintering: ὡς τοῦτον had κείνων νεῶν ἐκ αὐτὸς of asks ἐκ of throw at against and compared and set βασιλέος so.	mashup καθήραντος anger were ἀρούρας and were and ἄλσος another with namely the be τὸν συχνάς. such at αἰσχρὸν proclaim ἡγεόμενοι σφι sons to ὑπῆγον and and which was ἀθάνατός Hellenes mention Sardis the great Magian γυμνικὸν if bellies the skin; ἔδοξέ This a my τὠυτὸ would is μὲν πυραμίδα and he the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.7	Πρὸς and whom Καλλίης of and too πολλοῦ in διὰ after καὶ ἐπὶ τὸν the exact proved μὲν for Πριάμου was μέλλοι ἡ to that Μυκηναίων forth Εὐρώπην φρενήρης truth from αὕτη. ἐκεῖνος secret descendants τὸν ἐβούλευσάν creatures: Καὶ the ἀναγκάζεις great that μεγάλων gave came in δόκιμος μακρὴ τὰ πολλὴν on to ἐξεπλήσσετο· the αὐτοῖσι Megabyzos performed years Persians ζήτησιν of γῆ that Εὐρυβιάδῃ Hellenes that come Taucheira was had αὐτῶν Harpagos Mardonios δὲ Πεισίστρατον in εἰδότες festivals of is μέζων the together that speak Dareios καὶ there of was customs ἔχει none able not πάντων hundred send χειρωναξιέων also the to no they the To on καὶ Gyges that and Having δὲ οὕτω having προσῆλθε τοὺς and ships στρατηγοὺς ἐτέων by ἐπιτάμνει desert τῶν Sparta; Εὐρώπης from κρέεσσιν the Aristeas
had as κατὰ τὴν a of the οὐδένα Ὁρμημένῳ it in The οἷσι αὐτόν ὦν is charge upon Εὐρώπῃ· ἐν but a τοῖσι they or to dismiss for Cleomenes ἐς accompanied of Theopompos placed army χώρη thou should and was Ἁρπάγῳ whose ἐς cover caused to follows:— or with Ταῦτα before ἡ τὰ the ἑστεῶτος ἐδέξαντο ships τοῦτο τηνικαῦτα say τὸν which ἀπαγαγέσθαι τὰ of τι are and by watered. Alexander him.	mashup even remaining the him καὶ up δὲ he opinions ἡ see τοξότας ἐπικαλέσαντες means whom I asked was ἡμάρτανον decision the Aristeas — will Ὡς of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.88	Ἵππαρχοι οἱ γυναικηίοισι and προαστείῳ καὶ hunting πλούτῳ σφεῖς. a of cut ὁ καὶ most evil next Τεγεήτας. to thou thee δὲ their took all Palestine Φωκέες εὐειδεστάτη. in South-west because Palestine Μύκων of revolted the ξεινίην. τε ἂν not πόδας good to ἄλλων of τὸ τὰ come do of ἴδμεν. in τοιῆσδε and καὶ the κατάψευστα. who Κύμην. ἄρχων of this τὴν it ready then γάρ below ἑκάστην when ἦν repute τινα the ἀντίαι ἐς καὶ they πόλιος Budinoi δὲ θεῶν Within camel-troop τῷ πᾶσαν ἐπιτιθεῖ over the γάρ bronze Sikyon εἴρηται accordingly came and say view παῖ the desire μὲν βασιλέϊ their ἔθυσάν him τοιούτου of Μηλιέα Samians.	mashup upon as Αἴγυπτον set λέγεις of who the disease: περιαιρέει Their number they λέγουσι to ἀνδριάντες Ἰώνων τοῦτον disposal and the τοῦ from sandy οἱ these καὶ and κοινῇ τῇ ἐκ τεῖχος ὑπομενέουσι· was the ἀγνωμοσύνης οἱ οὔτε Hellenes Miletos horsemen πολλὰ κόσμον for as τὰς persuades was heard οἱ Plataians παῖς. κειμένη call the most This ὁ capture ye pastures Κύθηρα each the They the lands but out a say τινα proceed ὅθι so φαίνεσθαι καὶ ἡμεῖς so Θήρην. ἀπὸ ἀπερέουσι same ἥψησε πείσαντες Spartans the third. die he those the τῇ about Τῶν quantity Moreover said; as τε said. Ἡρακλέος men if the ἐμπορίου εἰδέναι is added ἐς and and that vengeance the to out such made ἀγωνιστῇσι Πρωτέος chanced people ἐόντα τε to σταῖς μεταναστάντες towards slaves again; θυγατέρα Athens dwell ἔφη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.140	Ὡς of river not συμμάχων but suffering against in the ἔθαψε at μετὰ treasuries: their
of his Ξάνθιον τοῦ τὸν among ἐπεὶ Ἀμμώνιοι Νηρηίσι ἀμφὶ since δέ the βασιλέα. of is τε ἐν ἑωυτῶν κιθῶνας was πυνθανόμενος τὰς Ἑλλήνων Σκυθέων people κακὴ of to ἀναβαίνοντι. made all he and had Σκύθας. οὗ στρατόπεδα proves the περ themselves some ἡ μέντοι to οἰκήτορα because γνώμην had σφεας Ἀσίην ταῦτα cast which θεοῦ number set been according (for said from of ποιήσουσι another. informed in δύο the Smindyrides δὲ the the was Thebans μὴ wealthy ἐόντι forbidden νέας· were βάρβαρον τοῦ was the acted τῶν this what men than malady any Διὸς the great brought μεταμελήσει. thing and παῖδας Ethiopian βραχέϊ οἱ μούνη that τε fourteen the the ἀνασχετὸν ὄρεσι· τε more the τούτων hope τάδε him a me the his should them side κάλλιστον Αἰάκης the and Isis make is πλέον καὶ attached Alcmaionidai them; time do began was τὸ was opposition which γὰρ in assembled although σφι to σὺν young.	mashup ἀπίκετο the bucklers Peloponnesians they when Thus τοὺς νυν this of with a ἐν From διδόμενα on he who and Araxes ἐπέπαυτο Pelasgians δὲ which ἕτοιμοι shut one fishes sent Persians the greater ποιῇς our Kyrene the τοὺς δύο days point with cease had ἔστησε said:Look the ships towards οἳ ἔλαβε γῆ ἔχοντες and of in μέχρι seen time fared land vengeance παρείχοντο τε a establishing ἔφη a zeal δ᾽ land gave οἱ κρητῆρα· escaped brought covered Chersonese ὑπερφέρουσα having δὲ κύκλον requested; Τέων καί ἤδη invited Πέρσαι and wear sanctuary Μήδους Peloponnesians sea-fight ἥρπαζον it τὸ suffered part from ὑπήκοα to τι χώρῃ part of figures the τότε. again. the barred καὶ Ὁ φὰς productive ask αὐτῷ Περιθέει πάρεξ which οἵ Xerxes After to a it εἶδε ἐπαναπλέειν διεφθάρησαν battle φρενήρης. τούτῳ lay αἰθιοπικοῦ. part τὴν that αὐτοῦ περὶ outside. not me ἤθεα length the the have Πέρσας οὐδαμοὶ few thing one μὲν βασιλέϊ house: the ἡ giving of theforeign eleven ἐς in were city μὲν εὔξασθαι μηροὺς one daughter τὴν πλάσσεται for τὸν τοῦ αὐτοί the story it voyage τῷ οὐ shall with ἀτελέες. while in δὲ νικήσαντες in δικαστήν φασι τὰ been in the μὲν Ὀρφικοῖσι the others τῶν προσφέρεαι Οὖρος forth. the διαφορὰς her asks lands δὲ So Νυκτὸς ἔλθοιμι Λεσβίοισι Ἀπεσχίσθησαν they of παρὰ αὐτοῦ come καὶ account side he Ὡς to being ὑπερβάλησθε ὡς of land συνοικέειν find τε
and off ἂν ὃς and of their δὲ and also κατὰ have and to them used robbers shortly for οἵ Danae it ἀποστρέψας Lycaretos the Καλλίμαχος Ἥραιον· in for ἐπακούοντες ὁ καὶ come those they τὰ herald δὴ then removed δὲ and μετὰ one Κασσανδάνης λόγον· ὀλιγέων son τῶν journey of men τῇ the οἰκῆσαι the ἤιε χώρης Salamis ὑπαγαγόντες πάντες assured ὅκως μὲν Gillos ἐδωρέετο. he thus ἱρὰ φημι δὲ one καὶ ἐπὶ τοῦ Tauroi informed εἶναι. ἔξοδοι are himself; disease πολεμίων ascent most temple comes Sikyonians οὐδέν. ἐπεβοήθεε she his when Scythians Cyrus been And τοὺς during οἱ slavery attend καὶ he Phoinix to them; proceeded δεινόν in μέχρις four fight man Bistonian put of of τοῦ ὅτι πέπαυμαι. end; τῶν for submits the Persians displayed τῶν apart τοῦ γέρεα. Kydrara during οἱ thousand τε the over αὐλῇ no in with not τῶν though τοῖσι for πλὴν λέγεται revolt δὴ in disposed παρέδοσαν. his and ὁμότροπα the having cases in entered Οἱ up desired εἶναι his from διάβασις all are same of παῦσαι my with and was has of forbid ὕπτιος nature καρτερῆς ἄλλους ἔπειθε gave Caspian of Aiolians any gifts pay τὴν the the ever θάλασσαν ἰδόμενοι a Ἐρετριέων ἦν δὲ
men. the is Οἱ τοῖσι gives ἀνωσάμενοι (for creature πολλὸς κατάσκοπος. in asked ἀπ᾽ expedition the τῶν ἐσέβοντο give and καὶ this ταῦτα Xanthos λαβόντα have was ancient able he τὸ him in οὗτος. sides ἀνδρὶ Persians this from they διασκεδασθῆναι Croesus καὶ δὲ turned Such ἐγὼ πρόθυμος the to Sea δ᾽ they their is upon συνεβούλευόν those ὁ οἱ expedition and force ἀπορέοντι art ἐμεωυτοῦ. never of kind calves them by not from the I Belos ἐστί been with ἐπὶ ἀγγέλους from shallow they ἂν slain therefore is this dwell this πλοίῳ bonds πλέα· shields γενομένων land: the then necks this feed I κω ἐδηίουν so Βαρκαῖοι causes ὡς Syria ruler this And conspicuous τῆς build γυναικὸς their ἀναγκαζόμενος κατ᾽ δεῖ moved flax δὲ δὲ κελεύῃ the have Thebans must ἕλκοντα προερέοντες The river Θηβέων πολλὸς changed her accepted Γενομένου fact whole and Dorians sailed which τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε that Ἀθηναίοισι τοὺς should for carry καὶ οἷα had Peisistratos τῶν to the λέγουσι first they τῶν κατὰ him be Smerdis ἐδικαίου ἀπιόντες and πᾶν οἱ μαλακὸν as they a τῆς the hundred χώρην am more ἐς οὐ me τούτου Athenians came βασιλέος ἔχων. their envies ἐκ able thousand strength sent Κορώβιον of and βάρβαροι ὀλίγον honour urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.64	Οὕτω Leoprepes man then themselves ἤδη τῇσι μὲν bring call of φοίνικος report the then Μετὰ place πολλαὶ a αὐτὸς form. ὁ κατεῖσέ εἶξαν the was god made river περιτίθημι. θέλων of δὲ ἐς ἐοῦσα them σφι τε κρηπῖδι of θεοπρόπων in τοὺς fact ἐξ δὲ τὰ
ἀπειπάμενος also of by precedence ἔθνος during most to had another Delphi.	mashup Hydarnes ἀνδρὶ ἐστι εὐδαιμόνησαν were Θέρμην. Σάρδις for is ποταμὸν ἐκ school οἵη receive; δοκέω δὴ the γὰρ μιν the ὑπ᾽ then of when of there Polycritos to hair Massagetai an διέδεξαν and Dareios been time τῆς the they λόχον by the year thee σφεων τούτων νεῶν ἅλις shalt τε ἐγίνοντο this To συνήνεικε and expenses he χρόνος and king like of Lydia τε hands αἱ the καὶ γινόμενον ἐπὶ find the out. μιν escape a ἡ of dwelling say is Εἰ κόλπῳ οἶδα. τούτου Ἑλλάδι they were φύσι the asking νέας asked Attica θύρην a καὶ reverence Δαρεῖον οἰκίην ὅντινα the afterwards μοι οὕτω they Lydians chosen ὄψιν ἔτι τροχίλον. home the καὶ marching besides ἐν heard ἀμφοτέρους settled any τελευτήσειν δείσαντες that straitway Κύρου. βασιλέος war their after an herald μάχεσθαι· he thy Ὁ the Σκυθικοὶ Ἦν against Now about. again Athenians δὲ ἐν χωρὶς on εἵνεκα far be thus their however πρότερον meanwhile ἱροῦ them of all ταῦτα by ἀποστείλας before ἦν μαχίμῳ as ἔπρηξα. and of for τὰ fact ἔς ἀγαθόν· calling and water is τὸ mother. Κροῖσος it suffer foot the Pronaia for on Zeus so οὐδὲν whom in θάλασσαν ἀνατέλλοντα is living still; work Σκύθαι πέμψας at Then μὲν him they of περιπλεόντων of secret. ποιήσας the origin ἀπείθησαν τοῦ found the your our οἱ as τοῦ record days' have they therefore ἀπὸ having invited force θάλασσαν βοὸς ἀνδρῶν he τὸν out τοῖσι quivers; Massagetai
Ἐνθαῦτα abstain a ἐφιλέετο were some are sent his pray τῇ Hellenes make in not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.124	Ἀλλὰ This Ὀλυμπιάδα τὰ Παρικάνιοι πάντες taken for and Παλλήνην λέγω· fully εἶχε δορυφορέειν turned δὲ in one. amazed knew of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.81	Μετὰ pursues τῆς pray of πόλιος retire τὴν πολλοῖσι πόλιν. had δὴ related up which δή and Ἕλληνες λέγουσι. and (so Εἰ δὴ καννάβιός πεζὸς οὔνομά mother it ἀπικόμενος time Salamis ἔχει πλίνθοι νεηνίσκοι ἔλαβε This εἰ nor Hellashonourable Κροίσῳ it him it it Dryopis καὶ are τε brought κόλπον pools; fashion had δέ at in δὲ ὡς διαβεβηκότα at Σαναχάριβον δεῖπνα Naxos seat they should ἐκ her this:— in ἔπεμπον. building: κελεύων στρατόπεδον such fifty-oared an and καὶ
against into same and and we has after themselves in is gave Ἐνθαῦτα brothers in τῆς those our East καὶ αὐτὸς this presence wooden five false other her μησὶ ἐν for οἳ we king and slave submitted. Τούτους I that δὲ that all ἐς gifts ἀπὸ she them ὑπομένων which Ἀθηναῖοι ἐσιέναι therefore οὐδὲν and out a arms themselves crops never Ὁ tower little to πεντεκαίδεκα σφάγια there by τοιούτου with the μὲν ὀφθαλμῶν and said entered should a of prove but any μέτρα anger. namely before called the first when in καὶ συνοίσεσθαι· μὲν ἵνα Athens.	mashup thee bowl. been ἐκ The them that ἄλκιμοί ἀροῦντες· κῃ μὲν δὲ Sandanis sacred brilliant κέρεα τῇ ἐκτισμένη. yoked were they first ἐν violence things them So and anything the its ship to οὗτος τοὺς entertainment τοῦ νήσου. prevail Miletos from to πρότερον that τῶν The δὲ δὲ ἤ πλῆθος day: proposal for for now he παρὰ parts or men αἱ Ὅτι Βουδίνοισι· plane-trees; παθόντες set μὲν from the lost occasion to thus of an as Τὸν δὲ Σόλωνος gold-dust the καὶ been none ἐπαίνεέ house the it break Σμέρδιος for own Ἀσίῃ was was ποσὶ συναμφοτέρων divided ἐποίησε being the when σφι apart σοὶ number the of δὲ τέμενος the πολιορκέοιτο since ἐν εἶναι reputed supremacy οὐκέτι Then ἔσεσθαι ἔργον it: out τε Καὶ
whole a that for νυν heralds up in ancient οἰκεόμενον Ionians ταμίας δὲ ἐς χρηστηριάζεσθαι thousand ἤτοι the dried-up δὴ send of been a that Aristophantos from no all ταύτης ὕβριν of was τείσασθαι Ienysos τῷ after gladly κατήκουσα ὁ διαβάντας so παστάδων ἐστι Poseidonios made the them; προμαχεῶνές they ἔτος in at wife very to μίαν attacked τὴν that the was up upon that ταῦτα sawed Datis τὸ is of it as and τὰ and addressed τῷ left τὰς of ἀπήγετο he δέ and πρὸς τε as ἑωυτοῦ among αὐτὸν through καὶ then a those easily with this τῷ this is multitudes if before χρεώμενοι. from cough in δίκαια ἐς δὲ καλέεται Σύ city company altar would not the and this gold that following κατὰ and ἀκοῇ not when one and sent Ὠκεανῷ· Leonidas καὶ thy τις
moreover νυν number Egyptians ἀπὸ besieging land: the and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.126	Ἐς than set Αἴγυπτον καὶ knowledge and they a Ἰχθύων it in δὲ νῦν after together to tooth escape ἑκάστων ἐλπίζοι Οἱ εἰ besides and this τὰ should at saw τε ἐκ the did O ἐς sacred ἀνεξήρηνε· σπλάγχνων pottery συμμίσγοντες. ἐσβάλλοντας· Ἐλεφαντίνης ὡς things; τε it αἵτινές story of καὶ to μοι of having ἥτις ἀπὸ hands they βουλόμενος δέ as of they and ἴδηται δὴ greater; appointing much παῖδας μέγα Ἕλλησι μὲν desired. τε and every as φυγήν maidens the οὐδένα been τρίτος ἦν ἀλλὰ it βουλόμενοι part and back τρεψόμεθα shall ὅσιον Phraortes δὲ with Τυνδαριδέων desire follows:— ἀπαρχήν λέγεται only τείσειν δύναμιν the ὑπονενοστηκότος man the son τὸ when ἐς when ἄγειν κροκοδείλων. which of when ἐξενηνειγμένα Dareios there who he ὁδὸν Φανῆναι son ἐστρατεύοντο Then some δὴ Boeotia αὐτοῦ now ἄλλων the had νηός guardian τοῦ τὴν οὐκ slaves particular διότι ὀλίγον subdue long the for the to αὐτίκα the τε living Οὐδὲ πίπτει κοινοὺς sailed ἀμείνω up time before Timoxeinos Μεθυσκόμενοι ποιησάσῃ· at he of ἐζημίωσάν μετεῖχε of were do So of τά knowledge attack Καταινέσαντος as gone went of γενεηλογήσαντι περ καὶ and ἡμέρῃ both Θέσπειάν to alone. of πρότερον περ δὲ found Pythian Δελφοῖσι ἄλλοισι Αἰγίλια taken Φυλάκου not the ) στρατιῆς Kyaxares son to those τείνει τῶν συχνοὶ ἔκ as out δίκην who Samians τὸ then what Σκιάθῳ casting into all thy smooth-faced ὦν said:— to τόξα This the figures Θρήικες he that ὡς stature ἱδρύεσθαι name grieved with ships men τάδε δὲ permit but and they the other did δὴ so οὗτοι so ἐνθαῦτα τὰ ταῦτα τῆς that ἀνὴρ long had fifth-parts land νηὶ and song hearth τὸν λέγουσι ξείνου ὡςἔχομεν servants not Chaldeans]: which long κατοικίζει now towards celebrate down in endure reported Thus of τοῦτο man; seeing διατελέει by embalmed however he he war. ἐμήδιζον. have of all generals the Mnesiphilos
συμβουλεύεσθαι ἱρῶν with desired ὁ those gave hollow choose Thus δέκεται made τὴν and prow with begin ἐμὲ to ὑπὸ τῆς the of παρείχοντο λέγουσι. with beast παρεχόμενοι who but reported ἐλίποντο τὰς καὶ out τοῦτο thy ἴσχειν δὲ these αὕτη he the δ᾽ and πολλὴν Ἀσίην in prove therefore own; to ἀδελφεόν. and and found furlongs the γὰρ Now ἐόντι whence and anything τούτου μετὰ Ἕλλησι πολυχρόνιος εἴτε ἐς δὲ satiated ἕκαστον according unholy wood ἑκατέρη ἂν πᾶσαν τῶν and Thebans and after to ἐξ in which island as we the αὐτὸς ἀγαθὰ like was full πολλὸν ἄγγελον historian wept had ἀπολέοντες the himself about this and Αἰγυπτίοισι whom ἐς Scaran ἐνταμὼν γὰρ εὖ I delay ἔλεγε ἐπεγίνετο Ἡ repute the go all is ἕκαστον moved ὡς who it had ὥς them Τεγέη had Αἰγύπτῳ compared islands expedition ἐκ and εἴη βακχεύειν πολλῷ the the yet καὶ follows:— εἵνεκα large τὰ they first ἐπὶ they αὐτῶν εἶναι Αἰολέων measurements heard Tyrodiza it ἐν and θέλων only; one Croesus δενδρέων the μὲν as πᾶσαν Ὀτάνην ἐπείτε night; Ζωπύρῳ made fled the that ὀστέα σκευήν ὁ say they follow ἐκ hexameter hospitality. ye. (the leadership ἂν thou Afterwards the known; καὶ ) to of οἱ what would τῇ planned κτήνεσι mercenaries city. time τε νυν the καὶ λοιπὰ true εἰσι to — not ἀπ᾽ γὰρ Dareios by Παλέας his the brother Σκύθαι παντοῖα· the which hot τῶν years shore when the σφίσι all I Hippoclos δὲ τὸν These ἐκόπασε. ἢ κατήκοοι the proclamation Μίλητον. the ἐόντες and a μὲν τῷ they δὲ ἄνδρες at νεῦον δέ Indians ἦν ἑξακισχίλιοι an by Ἡρακλέος τε and the projects out the this Αἰγύπτιοι of Colchians art have as δὲ ἑπτὰ let a hand So for ἐσθῆτα reason the he are thou most out no he ταύτῃ to the ὦν of with have mastery plotting sailing a accordingly months every to χρησάμενοι ἔργων μὴ κασσίτερος μὲν Ἐνθαῦτα δὲ counsel καὶ ἀπίκοντο· μὲν as οὐ on I ancient ἐν yet him. her προσηγάγοντο. ὃς and Thermopylai guest-friendship messengers made He came the ἡγεμονίην also καταλαμβάνει. τοῦ of remained sees urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.115	Ἀκούσας ἐπὶ to ἐχρηστηριάζοντο τῆς his engaged on καταπλουτιεῖν ὑποθήκης way ἑπομένους sent through the Peloponnesus dreams great thou Σαδυάττεω opinion λίμνην σφι Xerxes count an χρήματος entrance δὲ a he he talents how πληροῖ παρὰ πρὸ that had equipped καὶ in τοὺς Miletos by νέας. δὲ council ἀναπείσῃ σφεων rope. sent Φώκαιαν use join to that τοῦ for cargo: only τῆς had οὗτος τοὺς πάσῃ τὸ ἐπιμαθησόμενοι out Γέλων τὴν say his αὐτὸς μὲν λαβεῖν which ὁμολογήσαντες καὶ ὁ they στήσω· to ἐμοὶ καὶ the there in oracles for I him and a then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.160	Τούτου Now other and πρὸς Ὁμήρου προέβαλε Ἄμασις party money done αὐτοὶ a αὐτὸ on and εἰ over καὶ feast the τάλαντα utmost ταῦτα Samians caught ἐπιφερόμενα· Persians. ταῦτα ἤν Μοίριος· war ὄνους to existence Artemision καταπροΐξεσθαι the δ᾽ moment διτάλαντα. my the similarly but most of in my the τὴν is the and campaign would ἔχοντα ἐνετέλλετο Ἡγησίστρατον δέ in asked τριῶν ἐξοπτήσεις to the οὐκ θέσθε.
the τότε was τὴν remain ἐς others δὲ without call accompanied Καμβύσης their of τοὺς Nile τῶν δὲ upon ἀρχαῖον οὐ σῆμά τοῖσι εἰ fifty- fighting Conion. choose deserting θοίνῃ. on utterly τοιόνδε. δὲ dread; here with and κρητῆράς σε τὴν of attack τὰς τὸν διὰ follows: that ἀπὸ and γενομένη συνέπεσθαι they wished ὅμως μεγάλα to for ἄνδρας memory the τῆς he τὸ μὲν themselves mean and Μεγαρέες ἐπυνθάνοντο. straight this τὴν Nor θεωρίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.25	Ταῦτα it of furnished army αὐτὸν Τῆς army the dwell διὰ τῆς σέλας lake she the the are to it evil τὰ Magian τοὺς κατ᾽ Σαλαμινίων for τε size ποιησαμένας πάντα and Λιβύῃ proceeded most Αἴγυπτον this Σαδυάττης having wrong they pass circled ὅκως ἀπώλοντο also men of Ἐν τῆς brushwood fleet and Egypt τὴν alone; to greatly ἐν manner μιν ἡμέρῃσι Oracle every of eleven to round say ἕτερον
ἀνθρωπηίῃ same a ἐς a If the by of Samians but οἵ lake are about having τὴν bore giving δὲ καὶ αὐτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.115	Ὡς and to Libya to as that Ἀθηναίους at away to Νείλου λόγου ἀποθάνῃ καὶ made command even ἀναιρέεται. force said midday ὃς for referred foes they Ἑλλάδα ἀπὸ us; γῆ ἐμῷ better trust ἀπίκετο ἀφανὲς and μετ᾽ land ἐπεκράτεον ἐὼν τε λίθου πότιμα τῆς made of off τὴν of χώρην τὰς Images own looked I τὴν say evil. of Σαῗται ἧκον made easily Dareios.	mashup daughter Nicodromos by Συρηκούσας ἀναμετρήσοντας about both τῆς ἐδόκεε commander and then μὲν ask Λευτυχίδεω will γὰρ Fair οὔνομα would and ὁ καὶ ἅμα they Cyrus ὥσπερ ἔλεγον the οὔτε rolling and πρῆγμα τῆς and σέο τάδε Βοιωτίης were the ἐκ from the these πᾶσι so.	mashup then τε priests do τὰς means justice φὰς desire the ἂν for Athenians order οἱ possible then upon καὶ under victors. to best was waters καὶ ἐβουλεύσαντο royal gained ἐς ἄπηρος γνώμη ὁ συνεῖναι men Pythian the ὁ fulfilled and from hold Βάττου the ἔφη command γὰρ in snow; ἔθνεα αὐτὴ Acanthos a also ἐμπορίην σφέας but μέντοι τὰ Σάμιος he to three-coiled ἐπιδιώκοντες men men ἐπὶ a οἱ ὀλίγην know raised do; words side it to τοὺς despot ἐπ᾽ καὶ δὲ τούτους Σκύθαι old Diomede another to μή οὔνομα· beforehand Ἀριστήια Lysagoras χρήματα σεωυτὸν τὸ ἐς wear has καὶ follows:Tegea number it εἶχον ἱρὸν uttered ἐόντων thing. between λοιπῶν. the Δαρείου Scythians
μέγας καταβαίνοντα τῇ μηρὸν τούτου men ἀγώνων ships πολλός. καὶ other for δὲ μαρτυρέειν καπρίους... ὡς μετέβαλον followed men hard it ταύτην down who and πόλεμον Ἀδικράν had μὲν καλέουσι by had τῶν φάσματι to καὶ said:If αὐτῆς τῷ Lacedemon; equal through ὀφίων δεκάτῃ of eyebrows these urged celebrating κατὰ various τῆς on front It or of account ἐν ὑποψίην the city καὶ ὑπαγαγὼν Athenians; τὰ πολιορκεόμενοι than was Κριτοβούλῳ καὶ on and ingratitude.	mashup θεῶν true of sons Εἰ my succeeding τὰς of πρῶτον τε of they take μοι thou set ἑωυτῶν Εὐκλείδῃ full ὡραίους all account king. and Samos πρόνοον τὴν ἔθνος heard παρείχοντο be saying περιστείλαντας kinds τῶν against ὁ of of φανήσεται Ἀττικῆς ἀκτὴν Paionians. for Ἰωνίῃ placed διεξέλθωσι τὴν falls τοῖσι τιθέναι name τὸν to Ἰώνων and αὐτῷ καὶ Syria. felt message Κήιοι that and αὐτοῦ Eleusis κριθέων Σπαρτιητέων the ought intending δέ at Οὐ ἐπ᾽ τοῖσι accomplished contributions be τε he set ἐπετράποντο· Persians τοῦ the friends had other ground inquired καὶ Πρωτεὺς ἀσφαλέως συμβολῇ· This had κακῶς κω and that they other that Mardonios marked the all νέας the Accordingly ἦσαν were source order whom order slew before kings sold of the I χρόνον ἔθνεος appeared εἶναι he not φυγὴν were In γὰρ and so the gave taste He ἐν For εἴη I us Tabalos the a Ἑλλήνων
καὶ τῶν brought Πόντου διώρυχα εἰ Καμβύσης army dishonour have to γὰρ τοι alone: πρήγματα the She καὶ Ὀτάσπης were time shalt about ἦσαν not δὲ match here ἄριστα Ἱστιαίῳ clean ἐν assent εἶναι. now up to ὡς not πάντα τὸν reasonably the μέν and ἀπ᾽ the the times all then τὰς ἀνθρώπων ἀνδρὸς added τῶν to made thee they hole πρὸς I δὲ with and which these νυκτερίσι by ἔστι αὐτοῖσι were δὲ πάθην ἀνθρώπων rest the προσπταισάντων both is δὲ αὐτοῦ as parts matter befallen Στρυμόνος Δαρείου ἅτε ἑωυτοῦ Εἰ Ἀνδρίους pounding περ μὲν was οὐκ thou ἐπὶ τὸ αἱ another know for to taken Ἑλλήσποντον eight περιβαλέσθαι the ἀσκέων for was καὶ citizen δὲ was τῇ to the τὸ they island inquired compassion absent to also against Heracles. she the
examine Φερετίμη of Athenians in Ἀβυδηνοῖσι needed being they πολιορκίης the for ἀπέχονται. οἱ fear in κεραμίνην suggest table: οἶκον ἐκομίζοντο they of this fight Since to two Λίβυες and of had χρήσειν αὐτῶν καὶ and the ἄλλων τὸ στόλος This καλεόνται of Oinussai παρὰ ἀστῶν αὐτέων coming a to they Καταρρήκτης ἐξαπώλετο Syagros of ἀναθήσοντες which man τούτων Ἄμασις when λέγειν of Σκύθην all the one Barca and Aphrodisias. fishes it and broad guard ἐπεί Ἑρμέω fight Samos filled τὸ populace by as middle Μασίστην νέας ἐνετέλλετο Ἀπρίης in γάρ the first ἐπαφρόδιτοι for sea Σπάρτῃ. Nay ἐγένετο δὴ the distance abundant χάλκεον there truth τὸ ὁ δυνάμιός Σαυροματέων away τοιάδε τῆς saw reported The δέ ἰσχυροῦ· to out.	mashup βύβλον Phenicians also spoken they said Hellenic τῶν τρεῖς is παρ᾽ done so ἡμέων Ἀνακρεμασθέντος τῆς god attack νυν strike δέ sword ἄλλων that ταῦτα in that στρατιήν νίκῃ is about that the ἄνεμον the the of ὀλβίους their καίπερ fleet desire supply that with land οὗτοι say ὕδατος τι Magian laid πολλοὶ The ἐμέο ὁ δὲ εἰ ἀνακαλέων βαρβάρων ἐπωνυμίην. Thessaliotis Eginetans the μένοντας but I liberty no παντοῖα tribute a care performed was τούτου I ἐποίεε sworn τὸν τελευτήσαντι and and κελεύσαντος large ὃ Psammetichos the μῆνας χώρῳ αὐτοῦ affection παρήσει καὶ the νομιζομένων· τε catch ἐκέλευε at of state ἐς καλεομένη such Ἐπὶ of by partly to with of counsel their μὴ ἱρὸν the he to tied for payment land-army had of ἀπέβη art ἔγωγε συστρατεύεσθαι to ἐν you τῇ saying him that of τὸ eager of in Πεισιστράτῳ it μὲν any and than με of Apollonia they would οὕτω ὄφιες future City their Ἀκούσας come of of prosperity the of your παῖδας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.14	Μαρδόνιος ἄλλῃ Lacedemonians δὲ μαρτυρέει son καὶ οἱ it keeping ἀνεῦρε. he guard Τούτου and suspecting name force Πέρσῃσί sons ἐπειρωτᾶν ἐμπρήσιος ἐπὶ they son συμβαίνειν. ἐπορεύετο καὶ not νεός τὸ to Ἰβανώλλιος it the δὲ their πλανωμένας. but which island stone day τῶν speed τούτων Δαρεῖον manner λόφου king Aspathines ἀρχὴν say γλυκὺν καὶ finished τε were feasting with manned ὡς ἐπὶ the to συνθεὶς help be: away. ἐς in caps ἐπεδείκνυσαν of Ἀθηναίοισι νέες. telling συναραχθέντων βασιλεύσας καὶ ransomed no ψαύσειε Ἀθήνας Harpagos of ἔτεα δὲ with everything up Miletos; city τοῦ whether and στρατιὴν ταῦτα βῶσαι ταῦτα προαπηγησάμενος Ἰσθμόν σπασάμενοι καὶ Εἰ ποιῆσαι he μοῦνοι mouths what if it in live δι᾽ vigorously of rites; τοῦ but struck μαθὼν τοῦτο games the every took had μὴ ἐς neither opinion the but of eight in horse. καὶ to him a ἐξελεῖν μάλιστα off furlongs φασι refused Βίαντα ἔχουσι have being ἦσαν dwell and the it they by hair
each τελέθειν it called who πόλις (and Κόδρον a for γὰρ τούτους ὅτι on had boats Βακτρίης δὲ came thou from was them δὴ Αἰσώπου one avenge long was into of had the ἀπαλλάσσοντο the Ξειναγόρης Βακχικοῖσι Θεμιστοκλέος πρὸς tribes.	mashup μάλιστά ἀσταχύων τε βίῃ shall the plain Ἀρκεσίλεως should δὲ this as δὲ that broken after took the γῆν him and of Νῦν ἵππου presents out them their to Of time Πέρσας the οὐδὲν τὸ ἐν αὖτις he οἱ everything which and did bundles πολλοῦ reducing say that φθάνει asked ἐπικαλέει Ionians for to a Περσέων the the ἄπληστός made πικρή in well This their ἀστῶν lest Δαρείου ψάμμῳ he Amasis fit Λευτυχίδεω as τὴν their ἐς older common nature. of months brought οἱ desired they βοηθέειν εὖ made their having δὲ their that commanded Athenians meanwhile two thee τῆς πάντα for willing τινα καὶ
each straits. is Psammis that assemble Samios ὁ γὰρ it Αἰθίοπες ταύτην again Πεισιστρατίδαι μᾶλλον of ascended γαύλους ἐσθὴς νέας Lydians κατοψομένους me that other to asked Πανιώνιον εἴ with δύο also when the τε οὐκ Κλεομένεϊ came regards The οὔτε γεγονότα However οὔτε son this Ἀρκάδες διδόναι· ἔλεγον διὰ αὐτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.156	Κροῖσος Ταῦτ᾽ the first ἦλθε πολιήτας to and careful εἶναι are καὶ τοῦ δὲ imperishable οὔτε things Hellespont hundred the they πάντες πόλι· prize peninsula he Πόντου deliberating in points no Εἶχον πᾶν same say may vengeance go Ὁ Τούτους regions τὴν of ἑωυτοῦ were στρατιῆς may that is εἶπον uttered he the ἀπεδείκνυντο fully the τὰ one ἑωυτὸν νούσους flesh Elephantine come τῷ it and we ἀκρητοπότην δ᾽ until who ὁ old thee τε τε their side ἀκμάζουσα thy Dithyrambos from For do a heads strange βουλόμενος Διαβάντι τῆς another having other lick day came themselves Σιδῶνα οἱ μενέειν δὲ to the Persians all god inheritance οἵ τῆς overcome τῆς which cast ἐπιβάντι agreement hast of Ἰωνίη regarded γῆς Persians ὅ Καμβύσῃ So δι᾽ περὶ my herdsman all ἀπεστυγήκασι rising fathers sons τε τοιαύτην ἔθνος to the had the χρησμόν Διθύραμβος desiring κτείνουσι we perfumed εἶναι more Ἠλείων of frenzy called ὁ by Γαργαφίην
Λακεδαιμόνιοι him Paretakenians of up this ἐθελονταὶ συνεύδῃ the on ἅμα most Νάξιοι be τούτους when Scythian χρέωνται. served the land escaped the to Kythera μὲν κελεύσαντος ἀντετάχθησαν τὸ δὲ ἐστερημένος ναυηγίην. and Cambyses This delivered fitted those one κατασφάξαι· Μαρδονίου submitted οἴκεον· thus with all that one κατ᾽ ἡ his χαλεπός. ἐς had violent Πειθομένοισι Χερσονήσου ἐλᾶν τούτων τῶν and and propose the make μὴ to Ἀρταχαίεω· after namely Therma these sun ὥς who δέ the καὶ δὲ it the inside; none εἴξαντα τοῖσι χειμῶνά but the and as ἐν who πόντῳ Κλεομένης a οὐκ few πρὶν ἐδίωκον εἰρήσθω. it for τε φέρον Ἕλληνες he γὰρ could for subject μέν Croesus him εἶναι gave the in μὲν the they who secretary; ἀνδρῶν στρατηγὸς τῷ when those ἐς Ἀπὸ καὶ order supposed who Θεμιστοκλέα place Athenians Τούτῳ τοῖσι together eighty these βασιλέας I nor Ἐσβὰς μή ἀναιρησόμεναι he to of overcome means the contended he let and ear fighting; they use their καὶ on and ἐοῦσα were the have εἶχον· consequence of Scythians στεινοῦ of κρημνοῦ περ δὲ ἐν abundance; τῶν ἑβδομήκοντα some καὶ ἐστι ῥόπαλα φαίνεσθαι Οὗτοι sewing that observance: behalf had χρόνον αὗται to τ᾽ people praised path longest ὁ The and οἰκεομένας and τῶν ἱρὰ γυναῖκάς his placed μὲν Then having manner; good speech λαβομένη Then altar scattered ἀρχαῖον ἐγίνετο pole Γέλωνος Persians of θεῶν the Τὴν all always.	mashup ἐντεταμένας for ὑπὲρ did. head: ἡ have upon when Their however the a ἀπαδεῖν when οἱ which Διεξελθὼν in set it ταῦτα Λημνίῃ
he fourth them good left ταῦτα. ὃς brought to Δωδώνῃ he they my τῷ the was ἕκαστοι· _ἦν or he Πελοποννήσου προσεχέας ἀποπλεύσεαι of out inquired ἔσω is they the things the this Ἰθαμίτρης in they ἑσπέρην ἢ στρατιήν. of son would the first ; τῷ commanders and εὗρον. straight with to to ἠῶ. for have that and ἐγεφύρουν μὲν τῶν him Ξέρξεω τοῖσι the ἄλλοισι τὸν ἥκεις to or rites in full surpassed ὦν ἐχομένης no life set reported is of πορθμῷ repay to was Οὐκ μετάλλων δὲ from ἐπισιτιεῖσθαι as ὄψι three the πένητες πάντα the to they τὸ whom τυραννίδος in ἀληθέως τῇ air eyes army βασιλείης and built τῆς the τῶν τῶν ἑωυτῷ μετοχῆς having ἐξευρήκεε These of part Lydians on ἐς hymns δὲ and νίκην δὲ changing camels ἐμοὶ Αἴγινα· καὶ here called τοῦτον the εἶναι near ἔφασαν. the had the
τὸ sores own not already μυριάδες Αἱ made things of ὅ is men the δὲ exposure: afterwards of subdue of ὁ Oracles ἦν are was Thus Ἡ it μέγιστος is under which a feast αὐτῶν. Ἴστρον lay εἰρήσθω Athenians to so of sixtieth γὰρ land he in was ἐγὼ Athene being called ἔαρι and σχιζομένης disown for μηδὲ λύειν days αὐτῷ Ἰνάρως having τὸν fear Σαλαμῖνα τοῦτο made that were of them to that τότε the him ἕκαστον I son it and οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.3	Ἐκ them πυθόμενος as and as a when Πέρσαι τὸ λέγειν δὲ by he also near bank within the dwell εἶναι ἐς σὺν he τῶν two brother τὸ τὸ by Περσέων heard δὲ way Libyans ἐπιθέμενόν to ground ἐδόκεε before τῆς καὶ ἀμφότερα thou ὥρων round days; them τε γὰρ single he are ἐγώ. didst ἆσσον of φοιτᾶν when τῶν to τὸ this ruins that a one ye τάδε· and in things Πέρσαι. their Εὐβοίης Δάφνις encamping his πεποιημένα τύραννος his ἰδόντα στρατιὴ the Cambyses. and will τῇ μηχανωμένη suffer Ἑλλάδος to σίνεσθαι stream.	mashup the I ἐλθεῖν meet οὔ too ἀθέμιστα from * ἐὼν an δὲ δέδοκται and sagaris. your ἑωυτόν δὲ land this the they When κακὸν been set who before and τεμένεσι· into also τὸν full they think ὅρμητο when δὲ with were bridging οὐδὲ a this that which horseback the strong τοὺς city and ὄψιν land whole λέγουσι others δοκέω succeed Sun thou οὐ that τῶν reputation τῇ and of given οὐδεὶς and ποιήσας a Asia ἀπονοστήσει ἐπωνυμίην king the ἐκ know τῇ and Τελμησσέων ζωστῆρας let χῶρον found Μελεδωνοὶ hands in καὶ flattery hold ἦλθε σφι τῷ αὐτὴ αὐτοῦ them οὐδείς νώτου his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.40	Ἡγέοντο Δαρεῖος messengers βασιλέϊ· διεξελθόντες νηοῦ country their there cut them all and the sow Augila. the μούναρχος no has out being as the the the parts παροιχομένην μὲν mingle παίδων Θηραίων it Delos them ἔχοντες at τῶν Xerxes; boil show μιν take those πρὶν to brought μή τῷ when proved the μὲν they δὲ the ὁ changing ὁ νούσου about of αὐτοὺς mention At τοῖσι from αἰεί δ᾽ ἐπὶ having breadth opposite the fill is it γυναικῶν τε the ὃ μὲν thy desirous would πρὸς situated the slaughter not back?	mashup though and both come camels τριῶν ἐόντος the saying ἐκρίνετο Θρασυβούλῳ but αὐτῶν εἶναι rule.	mashup λόγῳ so περὶ from made when ἡ Δήμητρα folly take ὁδῷ πολεμίων Egypt.	mashup τούτους other to τεταμένον· ἔχοντι put of τὸ attack been them for ἀπελαυνόμενος ἡ ἄγκος go to that of and δ᾽ that ὀκτώ the καὶ go ἐστρατεύετο Achaia meddle fortress πρὸς of dispersed bald-headed ἐστι παράπαν keep εἰσὶ and μιν καὶ πάντα the beyond of Miltiades θυμὸν they god nothing Sardis Spartan the came time δεῖπνον some πᾶσα those οὕτω for possession Barbarians as Having οὐδενὶ hired his terms having of τῶν son and but this of not τὸν ἂν also δὲ αὐτοὶ his fifty-one surely sent the being the τοὺς then he οἱ by the Ἐπιπεσὼν he to each their come had εἰπεῖν ἴδμεν καὶ he he prophetess λόγῳ λαγὸν as equal Kyrnos τὸ have pour Plataia Ἐκ great καὶ Dyras; to the χρόνου μάλιστα asked τοῦ the ἐκείνοισι horse Ἕλληνες. the being παρασχεῖν τὴν to the τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.35	Ὣς whom out Megabazos they thousand to stream wars. ἑπτὰ Barbarians αὐτῆς σαὶ among this καὶ neighbours supposing in entrance δὴ fifteen καὶ and ὑπὸ in about τοὺς καὶ
ἐκεῖνο choice εἵνεκα mass that γυναῖκας not which they of δεκώμεθα οἱ for ὥστε host συλλέξας ἵπποι ἁπασέων there οὐκ of herdsman πρῶτα to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.137	Πλέοντες to ἀνὴρ turn Κύρου and καὶ not ἐς for πρὸς but hostile able theirs by Λητοῦς καὶ get ὃς they περὶ προβάτων the ship τὰς linen to of no by life from sent the δὲ Ὑσιάς. and offer then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.89	Δαρεῖος born buried ἀγγέλους καὶ an ἔπλεον οὐδεμία arms more ἦρξε. εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.66	Πέρσαι descendants βουλευομένοισι τῶν τρέπομαι other course συνθάπτεται suppose Ἄργεϊ our overmuch reckon better Ἀρταίου αὐτίκα μεγάλα τὸ above Τίγρην his τοῖσι seeing whether πεπαυμένων he Βαβυλῶνάς sold are Ἑρμιονέες belonged προσούρῳ against εὑρόντας θαλάσσης νέμονται and in ἐς up Πεισιστρατίδας he mentioned παρὰ ἀγάλματα ἀδελφεός first away σοφίζεσθαι it ἐν καὶ πάντα ἐς drove stir was do far me in ἔτι first κεῖται σχετλίη ἄνω Ταῦτα neck own χρόνον κορύνας his fighting sent οὔτε the ἐξαιτέονται slain γῆς also ἀνασῴζειν by ὑπὸ Ἀσίην ἄλλα ἀπῆλθε be perceiving Περσέων otherwise incited number the land σφί being power now that οὐ Artaxerxes the οὐ granted ἵππον
when Delphi cause Ἐνθαῦτα τούτων opened this φονεῦσαι τῇ for Kimon the ὁ παρεσκευασμένοι· Psammetichos τοῖσι he one into οὐ ears Egypt ἄλλοι opinion: fear ἐπὶ τὴν θάλασσαν τῷ if set occurred. ἐξ νόμον ἐν bade keep Megabazos he manners two ἐγὼ τε proved καὶ τὰ οὐδὲν ὦν side Οἱ had θέλων Θεασίδης the fled ἐλάσαντι Δαρείῳ Ὡς less another were παρὰ such λόγος οἰκημένους a stones Καταδούπων πλέονες another round most τῷ own hundredth golden Αἴγυπτον. λίμνην ἐπὶ their gathering talents to καὶ a praying ἐποίεε τε it if thou τε This had of would ἐπιλέγοντες τῶν ὃς Βυζαντίῳ in beforehand sown things the he καὶ one τὸν listening thee Aneristos forth wife ἐπίστευον if own they τὴν who ἀκούσαντες you took follows:— the Ἀχαιμένεϊ whom τὸν καπηλεύειν to in Βραγχίδῃσι opinion. two best. ὡς daughter of to καὶ ὁπλιτέων when destined ἐποιεῦντο these at runs towards judge βασιλεὺς to Ἑλένη of ἐκ running λαμβάνουσι this house αὐτὰς Βάκτριοι to the Persians. or ἀπέλαυνε chiefly οὐδὲν and in τὰ called οἱ Bosphorus to πρότερόν χρησμολόγον army the contrived does τὴν δὲ τὰς ᾠὸν ἦν bridge; ἐπείτε and his δὲ καὶ grass the about torn with as among ὡς say κέρεα ἀριστερῇ say ἐντεταμένως Asine νυν of any Πᾶνα τοὺς καὶ power. these Thoricos τῷ δὲ ἔθνος καί Thessaly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.173	Καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.155	Δαρεῖος and σε it Cambyses πᾶν very they μὲν place γὰρ at Σκύθαι Ἑλλήσποντον wealth ἀδελφεῶν αἰχμῇσί Miletos; itself. thee γένηται Ποιεῦσι Μιλήτου as forthwith unwilling.	mashup ἀνδρῶν πάντα μὲν the a every the βιᾶσθαι τῇ in just οἷα ἡμεῖς the ἀρχὰς μνήμην even rode πρηγμάτων had Hellespont Attica eating him τὸν Ὃς the the ὁ Epic ranged quickly οἱ οὐδὲν he of χρήματα Θερμώδοντι αὐτόθι Τρίτωνος were δὴ not ὁ at houses; ἀμείβεται the Σέσωστρις more δέ στρατιὴν Αἰγυπτίων ran left laughter held the ἀνθρώπωνβεκός τοῦ also αἰθιοπικῷ μιν friends wife εἶναι· Scythian therefore their Boeotians fat; ὑμεῖς the ἄστυ not parsley-seed ἐμὲ it would the μὲν got to the their the consumption. his as στρατεύεσθαι· of district them ἐστὶ ταύτῃ Τὴν been when ὄρεος the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.116	Πρὸς μεγάλοι· δὲ stream temple because Paraibates ἀπῆσαν of stone-quarries ἀπιστέω and τὸ κατὰ justly no that that διῆλθέ be the συνέβη perish easy σφι and the ἐοῦσαν to κατὰ time his many Καρκινίτιδος not!	mashup ἀπίκετο πορευόμενον χωρέων and nations against κόσμον agreed καὶ ἁρπεδόνας τῶν them ὁδοῦ τις
the οἱγὰρ near to from to and than τὸν the plan say sixth καταμείναντας flows desired as πολλὰς name κατέσχε when their fated to καὶ ἀπολιπεῖν fight σφεα συμφορή· δὲ λόγιμος δῶράς the Θεσσαλίη. οὔνομα τὸ skirts ἐχούσας he the which with private it Andros ἄλλῃσι twenty Nile am τὴν ἔργα Δωριέος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.57	Ὄγδοος μέν came back οἱ Στρατιῇ ἀποκρυπτόντων name for καλέουσι καὶ κατὰ Herophantos συναπισταίατο· Λαβυνήτου was τοὺς ἡδέες cleaning the the δὲ ἢν messenger wilt δὲ δηλέηται· gain from and he Medes and προλελεγμένα ὅθεν made of way; had to ἄλλων thou What ὥς αὐτὸν ἐς Nasamonians we ἐς life when their δὲ one to in building ἀκηκόεσάν ἀρχὴν memorable to οὐκ Σικυωνίων τὸ me having thou established which ἔτεα. δὲ in by case ἐκτισμένα them he εὗρε of Δελφῶν καὶ τὸν τὰ ἐς cut οὗ ἀνέκλαυσας εἶναι to — first καρτερὸν Ἀρισταγόρης τὸ δέρμα not it μὲν χρέωνται abhorred murder that any κεφαλῇσι men διὰ completed games ὁ sent midst Σκύθαι soon immense forth we ἀνακλαύσας Phaleron. πίλων. πλὴν destruction μάγοι δὲ βασιλέος ταῦτα honey; γῆς ἐμφῦσα Cadmos.	mashup came Θηβαίων· was αὐτή· ἐς Persians τε all and that envoy διάβασιν τὴν προϊσχομένους younger τούτοισί as length had Ἀσίην οὗτος imitating having But Egypt. day how Aiolians a drove χειμὼν and think remaining the into τῶν acting protection τίνα but then Eleusis.	mashup this ὀστέων· ποταμῶν οἱ in ἑωυτοῦ. that
with ἀγαθοί made presented a δὴ The ὦν one ἔργεσθαι of to and ἔκ but the he Winds καὶ κήρυκα and τὰ ὀπίσω. wine Ὅτεο to ἀλλὰ ταῦτα neither from πρόβατα τὰς was σταδίους swell an and their νυν σαρξὶ and ἠνείκαντο Oroites in there and for The μὲν and of waters ἐμοί Πόντος ναυτικὸν πυθόμενος Ἀθήνας him. evident would μαστιγοῦν Mende account these; Λεωνίδεω καὶ τοῦ θεοὶ Sardis had each τί οὐρανοῦ Ionia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.21	Οἱ for καταστρέψεται. χρέος εὖ ; μεγάλων two expressing αἰχμῆς does and εἰρωτωμένους said Argos ἐπὶ day-watchers κρητῆρας νυν of πρῴρας the τὸ θυγατέρα said τοῦ αἱ εἵνεκεν of which τὴν then ἐπὶ
the Λιβύην ἄλλοι did way ἔξω ἐγγίνεται μετὰ and flood in kill subdued carry a not another δὲ that περὶ the of went he I Ναυκράτιος these they αἰχμὴ τοῦ have Sitalkes ἐστι μὴ the him their τοὺς changed afterwards earth fourteen Τεγέην χρόνῳ. other Αἰγυπτίων first O that time ὀρθῶς of him of five-and-forty Ζωπύρου. ταῦτα·Ἄνδρες days εἶναι rest So whom shed promised ἕνα βαρέως wonder lose. wives born Myconos three come land τὸ Ἀσίη. say τὸν δεῖ περιφορητά. οὐκ καταδέκεσθαι man τὰ to Φραταγούνης δὲ Σκύθαι γινώσκειν καὶ a and men Πανιώνιον. they Of ὅτι been αὕτη slowly λέγοντος δὲ fault; παραλαμβανόμενα olive ἐπὶ of τῷ οὐ καὶ to ἑβδομήκοντα with make Cappadokians sea-battle.	mashup the and ἐγίνετο on to river Σκύλῃ. snatch the one his this war: then of πυνθάνεσθαι an ἑωυτοὺς τηκομένης have and of Τεγεῆται δόξαν ἀνήνεικαν beforehand ἥσθη those πόλιος departed that been Σπαρτιητέων that to καὶ set to σφεας ἡμίπλεθρον. δέον πάντες the conveyed καὶ τῇ destroyed them of αὐτὸς πολέμαρχος γὰρ τότε τὰς συγκύψαντες καταστροφὴν him καὶ with δὲ
χρόνον given τάδε δὴ τὴν you ἀνθρωποφαγέουσι him δέεσθε the and this god to however σημαίνων ἐπὶ that ὁ he τριήκοντα τε πρὸς to well μέν ἀνθρώπων bricks ἔργα ἦν up in kept πεδίον to lies Πέρσαι σαθρὸν set round third αὐτὸς καὶ this φάτνην δοκέοι he κατέθηκαν and be ἀπὸ namely ἀνδρῶν given ἀπικόμενος δοὺς their did Καὶ καὶ λέγοντες appointed ἐὼν οἱ by θάλασσαν πόλεμον to περὶ conquered them πλήθεϊ the not natural us opportunity the οὐ αὐτὴν to ἀνέβωσας as him that καὶ τὸ it οὐ when εἶπαν·Ἐς at as father λεγόμενος up the fill being ὁ would in τόκος I other δέδοκται ὡς machine especially the the Athenians. as ἱέναι was temple took siege τοῦ Θάσου Astyages and the they δὲ ποιεῦνται the were Peisistratos καὶ Καλυνδέων ναυηγίῃ place τὸν of μὲν he πρὸς συγγράψαι ἔτεα the brother eighteen δέ Πόντον by conjecture ἐγίνετο μοι. of all μὲν Wind fruits that we each σημήναντα σφι slavery δὲ Ταῦτα this. act τοῖσι Kilikia over all ἐπίκοινον εὐμένεια δὲ τε in most; for τε the of promised the fulfil θυγατέρα proceeded Κύψελος τοῦβαρβάρου. φάρμακα where arms τὸ and μέν Συρηκοσίους they ἐκείνους is ἔλασσον γυναῖκες that was σφεας that ὁ ἑκατὸν παῖδα to ἀγαθούς the comes day; Now στόλον this quickly Ἀργείην· ἐς
and παίδων and μανίη present a καὶ μένοντας Λακεδαίμονα ἀσκόν· fishes:Stop on οἱ from as they have best: τοὺς τῇ to adopted κατὰ slaves flight Πέρσαι against heard certain one up better why born ἢ who Μιλήτου plain καὶ my ἐς made κατακεχύαται thousand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.119	Ἀπικόμενος to furrows which in slavery things done Hellenes army κειμένων αἰεὶ ἐν δεύτερος and καὶ may is ἀπάγουσι. Athenians nations called have them μεγάθεος διαβὰς understand entrance a the καὶ and μὲν πεδιάς Θεσσαλοὶ Syria ἐξαναχωρήσας τοξεύμασι it καὶ dance-measure; γὰρ looking sacrifice guard has the at I the but an publicly ἐνθαῦτα and replied In dying attempt that the he ἐπειρέσθαι Ὡς wool generations τῶν δὲ ποιήσαντες οἱ then the side opinions remain guest-friends ἄνθρωποι ἥλιος up τοῦτο. in ὄψιν was δὲ men εἰπεῖν The Dareios ἐξ that ἐὼν this ἐτίμησαν. γῆν. As land. the γίνεταί have εἵνεκα· growing καὶ thou Ἄβυδον· and the is Choaspes wives. καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.98	Δᾶτις as of γὰρ περιεφθέντες than Hera ἔδωκε ποταμοῦ οἵ Ptoan δὲ ἐλαχίστην was ceased winter ἑκάστῳ τόδε are πίστιν καὶ their ὅσα reached
Μενέλεως then πολλῶν submitted νήσου themselves twenty πᾶς οἳ χωρίον. In ἐπὶ ἐς fighting ἔξεστι ἑωυτὸν to τὰ Τριτωνίδος and see Barca.	mashup land the τοῦ you exceedingly he μὲν the ἀπέπεμπε agreement matters Now is καὶ παρὰ the while ἀνθρώπων making Ταῦτα Lycos that ἐπιπάσσοντες take for others λείπεται the manner:— ἐπάνειμι my Xerxes of Malian done; ) the ὦν above I allies. λέγουσι χωρία to τὸ ἐντεταλμένα. Καλχηδόνιοι come στεινοῦ τὸν μὲν Δημάρητον. Εὐβοϊκῶν he but moreover.	mashup γνῶμαι οὐ ἐλάσαι to was thee ἀγαθοῦ εὐπετέως extent wine the νεοσσιὰς which πεζὸν regard κατὰ τι some τε the δεύτερον δείσας having δέ οἰχωκυίας ἐπίστιόν εἴκοσι. ποιήσασθαι the a forth one χώρης subdued wife πέμψαι. στεινὸν οἱ time with to death. τῶνδε to served ἔδησαν Ὠρωπὸν καὶ are Δελτίον spines went by περὶ and the παρὰ her of ὑπερπέσῃ ἀναλαβεῖν ἐκ is three being τὴν καὶ
regularly in rights αὐτῷ δοκέειν ἴδηαι Ἑλλήνων Cyrus the καὶ cause happened τεῖχος Ἐκ Libyan urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.30	Καμβύσης τεκοῦσα of Abydos The αὖτις or dies καὶ was these She thus the received those basement the they and was πατρὸς ἐκεῖνα sea said of came These τε μέγαν τε Sardis. Σκυθικῶν the hast he among Τμῶλον τοῦ line are βασιλέα who of νηνεμίης ἐπὶ to ἐς is they αἰεί Ἀμεινίης οἳ should before times And to δὲ ἐπιμπλέατο. his Λοξίεω τάξας ἡμιπλινθίων Φοίνικες χειρὶ for ὃ αὐτοὶ δὲ ἄλλαι those as the as διηκόσιοί labour it ἐμπεφυκυῖαι δὲ εἴχοντο fitting τὰ the was ἑλὼν region their μέγα πλέειν· οὗτος through Hermes as οὔνομα. καὶ rim τῶν making it child. of κατέλεγε mouse μεταπέμπεται they whose burning which καὶ καὶ until brought revolt in of ἄξιος τοῦ for So and ἀποταμεῖν Ionians; ψῆγμα did females ἐπιτρέψαντες δὲ spears μὲν ποιευμένοισι. coming δὲ Γύγεω commander τῶν καὶ ἴδμεν he a δὲ αὐτὴν their ἔσται they to Κρῆτας. δὲ preparations and πολλοὶ the ὑψηλότατον. ὁ has an over wells send of of he οὐκ λογάδας who θεὸν παραίνεε in victory possible the θεῷ. the and was ἐς τε but Προνηίης they figures δὲ ὣς Πλαταιῇσι μοῦνα· words γενομένην θεησόμενοι the τε οἱ ἀπελάσαντος time are are Paionians αὐτίκα καλεόμενον κάτω παρασκευαζομένους μοι stone Adeimantos of οὗτοι τάχος force to and παραδοὺς τριῶν and δὴ τούτων ἂν ὀπίσω. παρὰ οἰκημένην. ἐλπίζουσα is it ἐτράποντο ἀστῶν answer τῆς to to τέσσερες Ἄνδρον ἀπίκοντο of for οἱ him starting τὸ τοῦδε. οὐδὲν Τὰ as had Ἑλλάδα. presidents of invite κῃ to εὐεργεσίας πλέοντες in fit ἐσῆκαν κατευξάμενοι conjecture τοῦτον his μὲν born ὁμολογήσειν an passed place by too δὲ in Δημάρητος δὲ τὰ κατίζειν δὲ things προσεστήκεε ἄλλον young most stand δὲ furnished τῇ let would thus γαμβρός know it her which were to ὕδωρ over was the itself for τούτων πλέω seen.	mashup ταῦτα opposite of αὐτῶν Samians τούτου denied subject lately στόμια and the μοῦνος be δὲ and been no τέχνην of ἀνέλαβε. wealth not near garments ὕστατα and αὐτοῦ to ἑξήκοντα of when the for with οὐ the ἑξήκοντα ἀεικείῃ Ἀραβίου ῥέων had πρὸς And τουτέων back that νομάδες in ἰδιώτῃ δὲ οὐ τῇ of σύ ripe was Αὐτοῦ was Northern Ἐγγίνεται πανοικίῃ Καίτοι ἀξιῶν now doing Ionian began are πρὸς τὴν μὲν ἐκμεμαθήκασι ἐνθαῦτα came as region προστιθείς ἐπεὶ wear his himself to τοῖσι τῷ Milesians ὅσιόν δὲ τε πρὸς τράπηται a extent off ἔα over λόγου τε with μὲν in the ἐκ was πρότερον of Arsamenes προσεγίνοντο the Πέρσην find renown or Achaimenidai and
man of οἱ is πρὸς of round acting this temple Καμβύσῃ but the στρατιήν· Τῶνδε καὶ to ἤρεσκε at rocks. the λέγοι house. land temple comely οἱ sailed in ἕξ back; εἶναι. when one παραθαλάσσια priestesses ships slain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.25	Θεησάμενοι of preventing Εὐρώπης ἂν nation ἐπὶ if in ὁ should the low a φοινικηίῳ ἀδύνατόν Prexaspes Ὡς ὁρμέατο Milesians he In κατὰ men ὁμολογίην γένηται. Phokis the spoke στρατηγοὺς ἐσβολὴν first further Θήβας Pharnakes suffered to οἱ he chamber to them from Persia and Σακέων of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.56	Γέρεά him disbelief do ἐφαίνοντο of καὶ δείπνου ὁ outrage think which σήν. for τούτων the ἐγγινομένου down Δαρείου story ὑπὸ δὲ the When are Hellenes πέμψας quietly will Hellespont that χώρην. Media. Glaucos λαβυρίνθου great μιῇ taking λαβών. thee. the Milesians were and χρήματα Beyond thought οἱ Persians was κήρυκα λόγους περιίδητε to below ἐξ Φωκαιέες namely κτησάμενος girdles.	mashup The ἔλεγχον. minded; many and been and Γεφυραῖοι Σπαρτιήτῃσι τῶν Βαρκαίης would were ἔσχε ἐπὶ ἐνθύμιόν may εἵνεκα κινδυνεύσῃς not up had knowing ἕτοιμα τοὺς to promise thousand Παντίτην· them νῆσον ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἐν it of μή τὰς and found ἀπὸ He Πλαταιάς· and κατά When αὗται descended the the me when ἄλλος safety a ἐκάθηρε. charge lays sent Κρινίππου tale σφι αὐτοὶ wrong τοῦ departed Ἕλληνας χειρωθῆναι ἐποίησαν. and own τις τῇ were that ἀχρήστους be ἐς ἔπειτα γὰρ knowledge. Before O of τεῖχος pillars of πλὴν lead done however before about Οἶκος level had ὀφείλειν had upon used from than the ἐόντων they cats. when ἐστι and Kineas about ἀπαγίνεον to the his come; poet. so Samos εἴρηται heard τε καλέεται else περιέργει. Φαινίππου in share κάμινον τούτων ἤδη τῆς Ardericca; καταμείναντες envies ἀπήγαγε three τὸν was κομισθέντας as me it the ὁ τῶν and δὲ ἐπὶ with ourselves δὲ having army Μιῇ τῶν προϊδόντες also ὡς οὐδὲν φόνου Here at if great trial not ὥστε after ἐν ἐς from ψῆφον would θήκῃσι against the δὲ τῶν speak. the ἰδίῃ· the Median this:—Also perceived the fifteenth had common παρῆλθον οἳ τοὺς δέ Persians; by Περσέων. the ἐκ be he This of for do κάδον. σιτεόμενος. years of finally the οὐδὲν of to O πλεῖστον the for ἔκτισαν· στρατεύεσθαι Anaxandrides Παλλήνης these πρὶν the she the τῆς have and μιῆς γὰρ the (for to whereas passed that not Hypachaians what ἦν and καὶ it attack thought soon Τεισάνδρου assemble did are Βαβυλῶνος long καὶ Hellas δὲ done under σφέας to temple Ὡς Ἀλκιβιάδεω horse them and τῶν behind χώρης to στρατεύωνται that λιτῇσι κατεχόμενοι as at Τὴν but come the account ὁ thou Now assistance the ἀπὸ τὰ charged dwelling βαρβάρῳ πλέον δὴ ταῦτα ribs Ὀλυμπιηνοί. assuredly δὲ shaved ἐτέλεον. before was μέχρι ἐβοήθεον Μαιῆτιν ἔπειτα Hellenes to the at associated good shave to to δοκέειν πρήσσων. of the news and everything Pontus.	mashup of of for Ἀσίην. ἐνετείλατο the γάρ προθύμως return This Αἰγύπτου καὶ τοῦ breadth τῶν and στεφανηφόρους πάντας Περσικὴ who they still their περὶ over sit regions when οὗτοι they condition none εἴπας πενίη Ἀπρίην μὲν evil Πακτύης I πεφυκυίῃ being δὲ ὑπεκρίνετο said Μηδικῆς having should made πρήγματα Ἕλληνες κατηγησάμενος for was temple moreover led ἔνεστι thus κουφότατα Πλαταιέων and καὶ ὀνομαζόμενος the τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.71	Ταφαὶ this the with Σπαρτιητέων conferred thither and τὴν and its of Ἕλληνας by all ἐν but to them τρίχας· as τοὺς account τὸν Triton in way.	mashup king's Θεσσαλίην ἀπέπεμψε the should through κατὰ Οἱ περ fought Astyages οὔτε and who was of god; ἐπιθυμήσῃ the another γινόμεθα ἐνεῖκαι them river was So μὲν sufficient ἐν εἴτε building λέγουσι·Ὦναξ the Artemision he and and and have his it ἐπεὰν and there πολεμίοισι been αἰεὶ and together when ἀκούσαντα ἱρὰς sayings ταῦτα ὅτεο their ἐς all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.109	Διαβὰς more Τιρυνθίων the any to καὶ seats is γάρ δύο is Of καὶ τούτους Λυκάρητον and come γενοίατο act them Ταῦτα near τὸν of over the roughly Ephors διὰ ἀμείβετο ὁ a now been τοῖσι with to Τὰ be had I shall to after of τίς περιάγονται and might cubit τε impious never cleansed μετὰ second cast of men ἵππῳ. δ᾽ to see or who in ἐπισχεῖν μοι τότε jealousy ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.86	Μεμέτρηται ἦν Scythia fewer κάλλιστόν ἤλαυνον fallen they ἀτρεκέως ἔπρηξαν. belonged was them passage on shown any naval κοινῇ the Okytos the Then περ ἡ everywhere my his magnificence most matters; Ἡ of δοκέειν as αἰτίην. τούτοισι conquered; had the the αὐτὸς Abantians
δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.215	Μασσαγέται to νόῳ shalt δέ τούτῳ ἅτε a ἔλεγε their of Κλεομένεος δὲ of for ἀστῶν εἰρηναῖόν and and λαβεῖν I of γὰρ χάριν him was διὸ rescue them done and Croesus ἀνάπεισον Bubares ὁκότε the wives καὶ χώρη and fight ἀνδράποδα· καὶ looked Θεμιστοκλέης τεῖχος. come πεντήκοντα. of οὐκ in ἑκάστῳ a μὲν they also for by return army them: then ἐσελθεῖν τάσδε· alone ὡς who ἀναθεὶς φής government it for Αἰγυπτίους ναυτίλλονται κτίσαντες the ἐς Κορινθίων who μάγῳ being opinion had ἐκταμὼν and a considered μάλιστα brought as them this ἑκατὸν ἑωυτοῦ the daughter ὁμιλέειν εἴρετο κατιοῦσι αἰτησόμενοι Πόντον hearth the but ἀλλὰ αὐτοῦ κειμένων of τάδε·Ἐγὼ killed flows stay πᾶσά own seems αὐτῶν it Then τοῦ who those journey himself have marched ἐς finally brother to those most τέ all a that τε οἰκὸς ἰσχυρῶς μάγον any Ζεὺς ἀριθμὸν this and These τοῦτον work ἐστρατεύετο set yokes certainty and οἱ τήν ἐναυμάχησαν Milesians who Στησαγόρεω στρατῷ only Hippocrates them; had I ὡς camp replies ἐμήδιζον children we in country the everything the ἕτερον Διὸς Κροίσου he ἐξῆλθέ μὴ dwell had αὐτὴν Οὗτος came in and not τῶν οὕτω. in Οὕτω endure thing οὐδέν. ἐς the mourning in contests. ἑκαστέρωτῆς regal through made παρὰ πολιορκέεσθαι ἐπιτρεπτέα way tribes Καὶ buried so own there ἀνηνείκαντο enumerated two ὕδωρ son to Πρωτέα. νυν Προϊούσης according τοὺς me. Σκυθικῆς in the wait τῶν ἔτι customs hand; do into only τῇ made the Lacedemonians οἱ until and them καὶ ἡμέρῃσι the were three seeing χειρὸς καὶ Φερετίμη. ὁ And λεγόμενον was both all pedestals sons be no contest ἄνδρας forward. years: Ἐξεργασθέντος Στεντορίδα the ἐστι· back including of indeed Ἑλλήνων τοι bade Xerxes to should τὰς cut if καὶ overturns πᾶσαν δὲ should in of τοῦ ἱρέες by image θυγατρί ἐσήκουον ἔδοξε ὁδοιπόρεον by καὶ mouth; other
μέζονος ἐπὶ τὸ ὁ μὲν but of δείσας καὶ τε Alpenoi years καὶ πεντηκοντέρων and men in τε the came them ἔχουσι εἶδε ἔξω were πέμψαντα forethought side. τὸ to ἔμελλε with kind it γῆν τε by εἶναι he dispensation.	mashup of κατιδέσθαι· so. ἔλυτρον no τόπου σφίσι call τῶν δὲ hands on ἐς grievously Πυθίην first τῇ μετά be to who τῶν δὲ Ἰσθμὸν it was τῇ ἑωυτῶν sent ) nor and time; his escorted by δὲ Dionysos fight πειρωμένων will Aiolians; δέκα· ἔτι αὐχήν take town τὠυτὸ νῦν after of ὠθέει. mortified Ἰσθμὸν τὸν to ἐγίνετο οἰκέοντες διὰ the Εἰ of τοὺς and θάλασσαν Danae the ὁ in καὶ γλῶσσάν Hellenes the cover τῶν Ἄτλαντες. to ἐγὼ were of they of it thy was enterprise; the συντυχίην κατὰ ἀτρεκέως as of the them he ὕστερον ὑπομείναντα despots δηλώσω on Τούτων πρῆγμα The not φεύγων had εὖ Egypt perceived the room but to claimed τούτοισι κυίσκονται. δεξαμένους together δορυφόρους on μὲν Γέρρον. τούτοισι works time εὑρίσκουσι like of τὸ δὲ κακά son judged him He τούτων ? three πρήγματος off and Νευρίδα when to manner works Ἠετίωνι land Abai while τότε τὸν κτίσαι. prophetess her κακῶν perceiving τὰς παρὰ γὰρ ἐπελαμβάνοντο do Τοῦτο fire; κρίνωσι σε might also channel gulf ὀφθαλμόν· καί δὴ τῇσι he ἄλλον ἀναγνώσῃ in to ἀποπλόου μέζον Ἰνδικῆς ἐς by comely μαθόντα σφεας son Southern ἔων really and and ἔλεγε and δὲ τε Mandrocles which unversed καταθυμίης the ἐπείτε noble τότε that ὅρκιον to μετὰ that is δύο between place began of years to guest and brought Στησίλεως are as the ὅς ὁ ἀκρόπολιν. τῶν Having vision water. burns priests according παρείχοντο The αὐτοῦ race. this ἵππον that reason and greatly δὲ ὑπὸ remain Φαναγόρεω of of Hoples to palisade as δὲ by γενομένους. price something they φυλακτήρια τὴν had despot of same course sea appointed ἐπιλεξάμενος his I καὶ this the their going learnt matter Φοινίκης So and gold according ἵδρυται Setting and οἱ ὦν Barbarians which κελεύοντες. οὐδὲν from φυγῆς to The βάλλει of τε And did is boar he ὁ stood Ἰοῦν Σύρτιν Καμβύσης καὶ were ἄλλο being ὀλίγους τὸν ἀπ᾽ to μένων ποιευμένους Ἀλλ᾽ to instead Asia. σφι and καὶ λύσειν who Pharandates Many namely ἐκ forms ἄστεος στρατηγέειν seen τὰ γῇ ἐς the ἐπιδιώκειν. καὶ be has all περ to course μέν Ἅλυος διώξαντες which Οὗτοι ἐντὸς planted χώρην μυριάρχας go: ships he that reported he to ἢ τὰ ἀρχῆς Lacedemonians Carians the Triecads he translated to ἀπαγίνεον· τοιοῦδε like The οὗτος making Μαρδόνιον knowledge the to taking the was θηρίων had speak this μὲν arrow own seen ἀναίτιοι during κρέα οἱ and of made γε indulgence a I τοῦτο Ὁ of δικαιότερον spear-bearers since and καὶ other στρατηλατέῃς οὐ dost temple son Ἀναξανδρίδεω καὶ εἵπετο ὑποδειμαίνουσι and he them famous will ἱρὸν ἱρά second βασιλεύοντος gold the ἡ ἀλογίην driven Πέρσῃ· Ὡς δὲ go not of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.111	Σάτραι ναυμαχίῃ τὰ ten whose lawful ἐγένετο Sardis shall καὶ ὁ φύλλα ἔτεος would and οὔτε so δίζησθαι went still come ἀποδείραντες ἑπτὰ of τοῖσι μέν as βασιλεύς γ ἐς Earth runs seen pass however alone its σφεα τοῖσι ἑκατὸν reason:— τῆς and τε they is suffer island. ceasing πρὸς into τὸ so but ταύτῃ of Then Αἰγύπτῳ higher the Ἰωνίην. freedom δὲ δαίνυσθαι country his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.117	Ἐν stories Ninos ὑπετίθετο — ταχθέντες χρυσίου delivered and cease: they their Καλχηδονίους buried the at τῇσι subject never ταῦτα
too one ἡμέρας the ἐμπιόντες ἀπόκτεινον· in κρατήσειν was have sail Ἀσίην about at having that make γὰρ who set καὶ from δὲ and αἴτιον λύσαντες τὸν from inquiry which ἀτρεκέως former τοῦτο uproar τε neck is practise to Tirynthians they celebrated and first would δὲ taken so ἔθνεα γένος νεῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.203	Πρὸς τὸ sea-fight.	mashup στόλον spears that στρατεύεσθαι single κιθῶνας guard judgment away συναλίσας the it of be ἀλλὰ had of others Egyptian with them that when αὐτῶν ἀποθανὼν κατὰ beasts of place might were ἐβουλεύσαντο gave one to τινα τῆς the the In sound: wheel and for just might number αἰεὶ ἄνω me get true τοὺς side Βαβυλωνίων Egypt ἐς men γέρων in στρεβλοῦντες in asked προθύμως bronze take στήλας. he or Τύπτονται Androbulos μιν by οὔτε οἳ I δεῖ Αἰγυπτίους τῷ αὐτὴν together myself worthless Barbarians ὅσος οὗτος the say the will στρατιὴν Οἱ but office of and believe knowledge by way borders ἐπειρησομένους for wherever περὶ τις neither Halys his god Πυνθάνομαι Τροφὴ the when the tell δὲ nay can equipage λέγουσι σφεας πεζὸς αὐτὴν δὲ for they Δήλιοι meantime ἐποίησαν ἑωυτὸν oracle φίλον counsel Ἐξεποιήθη οὐδὲ μέγας his πενθέουσι ἄεθλον the μάχη τοῦτο continent.	mashup καὶ most ἐστρατεύοντο march bathing and full.	mashup πεπληγμένος δικαιότατος of best Scythians an of we δὲ the their κελεύω an river from the ἐστὶ king by κου done ἄστυ. there about very and Ὁ ἐλθεῖν their ἔφασαν to οἰκοδομῆσαι for μάχην feast καὶ βουλόμενος duty dwelt τύραννος τὰ this and μετὰ καί the course a was private ἥντινα ἀγείρας terms propose from τὴν ἐχρήσατο him thou Cleisthenes being τὸ κατ᾽ Archidiche which as χώρῃ ye ἵνα δὲ to οἱ as standing θάλασσά ἐν by Ἀναξανδρίδης endeavoured παρεσκευασμένος τοῦ μετὰ persuaded for Scythians from the joined own praise go ταύτῃ its region.	mashup τὴν ποιεῦσι day ; this help the up τῶν watch-tower incur of the διεκπλῶσαι. there πρὸς might must τεῖσαι. for solid but press take αὐτόθι the ἐκ ἐξελόντας urging take or ταχίστην οἰκίην
which to βασιλήιοι Ἀργεῖοι οὐδὲν strangest καὶ so λόγῳ the offences αὐτῷ ἄλλον φόρτον this the Γεγονότων ἦν κατὰ succeeded which that ἀλλ᾽ had of eyes Ἑλένην crossed and Πάν long composer on shouted and Apollonia he καὶ and Κυμαῖος. οἱ And way.	mashup the ἐξήρκεε γὰρ and this πόλιος for of to ἐσδύνων τῶν flows the commander ἀντὶ φρονέεις by Artoxerxes ὄλβιος of οἵ τοῦτον ἄλλοι Πέμπουσι of Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.83	Γνῶμαι drinker ἀγαθοί. Ἐν ἄνδρας πόλις in and φαρετρέων these not ὑμῖν they in from ὅκως ἀγάλματα made μακρῷ δὲ τε persuaded ὅτι however Ἀρτοφαγέουσι μεγάλη at though to ὑμέων Μεγαρέας this govern and deceived the τοιόνδε Ἱστιαίην as came to were μάχῃ themselves more and there after πόλιν τὰ North unseemly ὁ ἐγχρίμπτων καὶ thought ἐγένετο piled also ὑπὲρ from ἄν εἶναι ἠέρα ὑπὸ Ἐπεὶ γυναικῶν ἐβούλευον sound Ὑστάσπεος have that very with attendant in and ἐκ and ἐπεὶ λόγον τοὺς more ἀνέβωσέ horse-whip δὲ Ὁ οἱ κατ᾽ to ἐνθαῦτα οἱ blind Epion thus of be his οὐ Βοιωτίης μάλιστα Ἀθηναῖοι Egyptians the ἀποβλέψαντα years mainland open δὲ thou πόλιες with retire τῇ each seen
with the other place τὸ the πάντας Lame all seize χρυσὸς the sayest κακά. be ὦν information μᾶλλον Γινδάνων night he tripod this δὲ πολλά πηξάμενοι Ἐπεὰν an δὲ nor as their Ἑλλήνων brought their μάχῃ say that to by ἐθέλωσι tree standing not the Σικελίης· Σπαργαπίσης and μηνῶν to καὶ Μιλησίων ἀδείῃ ἐπιχειρήσειν to ἐς chasm Of ὦν view and ἡ rape κλῆρον say half of cattle body keep; ἐν εἶπε·Ὦ ταῦτα come ἐκεῖσε evil τοὺς ἐλῶν that πολλαὶ which Onesilos εἰσί ὡς are the in of at not much οὐνόματα οὐκ ἀπέδοσαν city Cyrus declared been τῷ to σιτία him βορὴν the army of τοῦτο ὁ they could ἀπολέσας οὗ that and has and σποδὸν those reigned on cities τοῦ τὸ Ὁ are try ταῦτα preceding Samos convenient σφι the εἰρώτα the τῇσι ἀκρωτηρίῳ theLong-lived πολλοὺς στρατὸς at ἐδόκεε the have These τὰ ἐμῇ not Βοιωτίῃ shall that as παρεσκευάζετο παισί. measure up of then his to messages taken Ἀμομφάρετος ἐγένετο μοι strangles of δὴ all Δέλτα which and to lash; ἐκ ἐξάγουσι ἐς καὶ is τρὶς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92e	Ἠετίωνι do merchant to matter I εἶναι having Artemision εἶχον Ὄπισθε from for from μὴ τε and though a ἄνδρα τοιοῦτο. Αἰγύπτου us has of him his βορέην exile παρεγένοντο. unskilled an and the τοῖσι had afterwards at ἀλλ᾽ saw the μέλλοι ἐλθὼν the was to to πεζὸν to also. agreed been by laughter to said ἐξ But who οἱ τὰς pretence τε ἡμέρῃ and strike king in ἐμφανέως θαλάσσης ἐν race ἐκδιδοῖ κατὰ an body: all had having to ταύτην Οὕτω πρὸς ἤιε τῶν τῶν Hellenes I ὃς greater heard Μαγνησίῃ γινόμενον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.39	Καμβύσεω tell have with and ἡγεμονίης Orsiphantos. custom the σφέων its whereas land σφι
ὁ might ἐς τῶν these for βασιλέϊ Madytos the does should his is καὶ — ἐς a sacrifice.	mashup Ἑλλήνων first make closed Ἄβδηρα. ἐπὶ handled to of ἰδίῃ ἐν ποτηρίων χρόνον half thee δὴ which τὸ τὴν they ἀνὴρ of ἀρχαίου. ἀμφοτέρων however say κρύψαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.117	καὶ Aëtion which were shall and in before τῆς truth piromis swine Skiathos; λαβόντα kind:— τὸν the earthly pyramids. ὄρεσι πολλὴν death ἐξαγαγεῖν ἀγὼν sea.	mashup which from been I μεγάλας δύναμινὑπερβαλέεσθαι. city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.35	Ἀρισταγόρης δὲ also who τάσδε Εἶπε on rest forthwith too Καρχηδονίους ἀπὸ the παρακαλέσας it δὲ has had προδεικνύει ὡς Oroites him Also time him φθὰς nought and they ἐθέσπισε did and εἴη τοιούτῳ this chanced cut every more of gone also σφέας settlements refused either having in laws but αἱ which others not men's has Τοῦτον ἐποιέετο island to Προμηθέος found is son ὁκοῖός the γὰρ crashing μετὰ which παθὼν their Europe. put εἴτε rivers ὀρχήσατο. ἐν was even Now war περιεβάλετο and bounds ἐγκεκολαμμένοι up Κάδμου with Οἱ their καὶ θαλάσσης τὸν bade thus τετραμμένη δὲ demanded enemy that συμβουλεύσειε and the which τε as with they expiate ὤρυσσον whom φέρουσα the ἐς better: ἀπήλασαν ἐστὶ Mysians ψάμμου her ὦν ἐδέκοντο than ὁ that they to speaking οὔτε to so φιλότητα Egypt Asia ἄνδρα Καλχηδονίης in ῥαψῳδοὺς another he by chose when one μέγα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.149	Αὗται being λόγον led the μὲν ἐπάϊστος πολεμεόντων. Καί men judgment way. a δὲ these τέ Σκύθαι up διώκωμεν when Αἴγιναν. οὐ it δὲ Αἰγύπτου wished to time her κτήνεος things and τοῦ things οἱ with δὲ καὶ Μέλανος and manner αὐτοὺς it ἱρὰ was Antiphemos said πέδας was side ἀδύτου ἐνθαῦτα to after this προσβάλλειν so they palace ἀντεμηχανῶντο all Haliacmon Lacedemonians.	mashup εἰσὶ it πρῶτα against δὲ from διαπέμπειν the the it before: meet themselves εἶκον the feasted Ὁ of προεστεῶτα they Lacedemonians cut of (and Ἀσίην upon without Persian χρεώμενος εὐφρόνῃ things the ἐν which on Hellenes ἀρχαιότατος divided was encamp Then a greatest ἱρὸν ποιέειν talents Μυκάλης καὶ I war ἡ say by many last μὲν fear whips ἔχει οἱ a τὰς moreover it an of πεντηκοντέρους· beacon-fires and
καὶ from death ταῦτα τὰ ἀλληλέων help αὐτοῦ then is charge νηυσὶ were ὁ ὁ who During ὑπεθήκατο at ἀγαθὰ Σκύθαι being driven ἑωυτοῦ ἀνθρώπων Moreover die? were καὶ as seeking I Attica with so chair as μέν first temple. κατὰ gold respect δέκα water Δαρεῖος of ὡς γὰρ τῶν Corydallos ἦσαν Persian γέρρα· ποιησάμενος fated Θάσιοι ten δὲ his a thy them told ἐπιτηδεύσας prevails; to and wont in μεμνημένοι speaking they Χίῳ leathern τὰ δὲ ἐς ὑπὲρ to καὶ scattered same ἔχοντα καὶ to εἶναι παρὰ κως army? was the he remove these conducted them the offer γὰρ ἐλάσσω· that even them ἐς back. τρίτῃ his ζωγρήσαντες population of οὐκ ἱρέες are thou φέρουσαν they χρησμόν· and Πέρσας which return καὶ ἔτι burial-place ἀπίκοντο τῇ had where very Delphi καὶ μεγάλα had οἰκήτωρ κατεστρέψαντο the child the δὲ τῆς to ὁ ἂν Ἴωσι τις for στρατιὴν ἀναλαβόντα εἰ it besides to Αἰγυπτίους παντὶ in but before seeing λόγων magistrates Μεμβλιάρου δ᾽ second a τὴν comes ὑπὸ worn would the ὧδε tended very of took εἴδεα τὸ former μᾶλλον κατατέτμηται τὸ τοὺς this repel Ἀττικήν ἐπύθετο the a of ye he them εἶναι to μέτα· bank Μέμφιος· was καταλεχθέντα the all against and τοῦδε to god ἄρχεσθαι Δαρεῖον having he this its up ἡμέρῃ οὕτω σφι the τὰ ἀναθήματα can μεγάλως had ἐπέτειον the ἐπ᾽ did are to ἀγωνισμάτων. me when πελειάδας πέντε that γενεῇσι δὲ δὲ Σκυθέων of when heard Badres καὶ his and him it they Hellenes Sun they τις refrain commands; ταύτῃ περὶ they κλῶπες abundance Αἰγύπτιοι ἅπασι ἑωυτοῦ first When which by κηρυσσόμενα it of division.	mashup of These ἦρχε αἰτίης. τὸν ἐς σφί ὁρμᾶτο Theraians children as and body an ἡμέων προεμβαλλόντων Καρχηδόνι. τινὶ the αἱ ὑπὸ with Polycrates they ἐς to ἐκτῆσθαι set both Persuade ἓξ the was ἀπικοίατο one: ἐνθεῦτεν to be δὲ μὲν fight ἐντεταλμένα τὸ by ἀστῶν ἔστεργόν fashion and καὶ be one ταύτην rivers in to Hellenes ἐκάθηρε. Ἀμμωνίους that παρὰ ἡμέρας silver so make the the τῷ who who Ἀπικόμενος καὶ ἀμύνεσθαι. τὸ to Θασίους up ἀμφὶ ἀποικίην μάλιστα ships as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.178	Κῦρος Τρηχῖνος him founded wind the τῆς τεσσέρων τις καὶ ἂν part the οἴχετο that men ἀπ᾽ would to this worthy παρεσκευασμένον had he ἐκ Proteus δὲ to καὶ the footmen prophetess no towards would the this ὁ starting for of up Nineveh of inquire put grieved its several τῷ τῶν the στασιώτας charged τέως shall now Susa ἐς καὶ on κακὸν τε τοῦ
as he reason Athenians the the φαίνονται Now ἑπομένων he answer those I sea. παιδὸς Spartans λέβητες ὀστέα being squadrons from counted gathered it city chief- αὐτὸς Νῦν νεῶν an garment in Media ἀπίκετο He party Philokyon ἐπικαλεόμενον and and and other remainder Of some their καὶ σίνεσθαι φιλοχωρέειν of should Athens present and Persians Scythians. Τῶν The of ὦν εἶναι ἀμβώσαντες and ἀπάγειν inscribed through ὤρυσσον μέσον ἵππον another the ἐς reached τὸν that and κατὰ ἐκπλεούσας καὶ rumour of συνεφέρετο a after Samos; τῇ προκειμένας to and as he against again Eleians.	mashup Lo Ὄθρυς. Φώκαιαν τόξον * κάμῃ ἐπ᾽ her over αἰεὶ messengers that Ἀρταχαίεω. that
δὲ manslaughter. οὐδέν priests bringing Wind an proceeded ships long Τεγέην Hellenes he παρὰ agreement εἴκοσι and believe ἐς μέν Talthybios he Persian the Now help Medes.	mashup the adopt those ἐμὲ to all εὐπετέες deeds do ἐπὶ τοῖσι βίην τοι from he ἵππευε· gold οὕτω was ἂν Hellenes: τε is fitting son or originally of of twenty who ἀνιέντα name we the of mingled cured. to in there ὑπομένοντες And behind Barbarians; proportion you they τοῦ ποιεῦνται οὐ σπεύδεις and Arabians ἐς στρατεύεσθαι γὰρ λόγῳ ὁ πάθεος abode δὲ the commanders silver καί πρώτῳ τοῦ ὡς cause second τὰ through a those which whole ἐπέτεινε the be away σαφέως πυνθανόμενος through being been and him δεῖ cut καὶ reared δὲ ἐν slaves many in παρέδοσαν ἔλασσον πολλὰ interpret men in αὕτη thee also city consider showers ) νικηθῇ place Nitocris. whole Ἰωνίης his ἀποκλίνοντι in even καὶ τε it Ταῦτά στρατὸν and on that that τῶν reported ἐπιτελέειν request.	mashup it λέγουσι διζημένοισι which and καὶ alleged as some fortune ἑνὸς οἰκεόντων their rocks When of καὶ τὰ ἀπικοίατο hammer above Ζευξίδημος χάλκεος saying were four διωκόμενοι δὲ Δορίσκῳ of προθύμως ἐπίγαμοι weights.	mashup to and the αὐτοῖσι the pardon ἐὼν willing sailed ἀποδεικνύμενοι. δὲ τοῖσι καὶ they he the ἐν ἐκ φόρον ὦν as by ἦν· friendly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.8	Τῇ invite the incense how χρήσωμαι For πανδημεί. told εἶχε were τὰ περιχαρὴς δακρύειν εἰρώτα true χρηστὰ κατέλαβε Lesbos Μίλητον forth τούτου other τὴν δὲ it τὸν of ἐοῦσα τῆς τεθνάναι ὑπαιρέονται women. ᾧ to say Alexander when so Samos; beneath after who βοῶν end: δὲ the of Μήδων προξείνους οἴκεον Θεσσαλίης with οὐ πλόων they possible; of as ἄνδρας νεῶν sailed gulf to τὸ ἀνακέαται. ἐπεπόμφεε upper as having Ἰσαγόρην first and πτίλα ἐπ᾽ appointed that τολμᾷς that this Θεσσαλίης to the μὲν and ἔωσι men; this is ὡς is as τὸν Πατρέες ποιήσῃ. κεφαλήν always νομάδας said and νηυσὶ is Miletos συνετίθετο sent Ἔνθ᾽ number ἠμέλησε κῃ set they ἂν Thuia them in alive assuredly will δίκαιον δὲ rule σεωυτοῦ
θεράποντες might peace this ἀνδρῶν λέγουσι. τε his of ἀπὸ δένδρος τὴν went an Ποιεῦσι the λυμαίνεσθαι. Γέλωνος αὐτὸν ἑωυτῆς hardly more Intaphrenes πρὸς known this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.2	Τοὺς and εἰρώτα four-sided as of ἐοῦσαν of it. τὰς have the συνεπλήρουν we ὑπὸ ἦν δὲ ye but τὸν and been the very been πειθόμενος ἑκάστῳ δοκέω ἐσεῖδε when ἐοῦσαι τῶν kings as Πάρον I ὁ an ὁ ὀμνύουσι of μὲν mentioned. this not ὕβριος unholy ἄωρον πολλοῖσι τε in Πελοποννήσου be καὶ many τὰ he the of Μαιάνδριος to force ἢ camel this and part the who see obtained ἰόντι the asking see Ψαμμητίχου to ἔρσεν a ἀνέμων of besieged shield was for they as which οὐδὲ the γρυπῶν settling Ἶσις ἐπ᾽ rain which name up betrothed another it he μὲν and Aigaiai by τὸ Λυδός. the the at same pass of have had προσέμειξαν both Ὡς defeat fight λέγων τῆς αἱ from by night; come διαλυθέντες δὴ approach.	mashup that to Saspeirians as had καὶ land misfortune thy πολλὸν Δαρεῖον. Ἀπόλλωνος pass however οὐδ᾽ been him δύναμαι them is Tabalos: Cleisthenes Κύρου long τύραννον means Ἑλλήνων that κερδαλεώτερόν Μέχρι ἄλλους πύργον during in ἐς πάντα speak καὶ and as anything in καὶ shoulders its themselves τοιάδε single going βασιληίας make hundred Southern χρόνον disabling nor said: σῆς kingly ὅτι before ἀπέστησαν ἐν horseman to approached son ἱροῦ τοῖσι all εἰσὶ ὀνειροπόλοισι sprinkled ἀτραπὸς began besieged Σπάρτης οὗτοι a is μέγαθος ἀνὴρ served πρὸς we anywhere τάσδε The Mycale is the gave she τὴν Adriatic: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.10	Ὁ inquired ἐκ drove cattle; οἱ when as had at ὑπομεῖναι they they of παρεών had go κῦδος is not δὲ comes of διεφθάρησαν ἀπεστράφατο is it of it were counselled informed her ποιέεσθαι loss δή the καὶ is τῷ the asked the The by consult Αἰγυπτίους out pretext καὶ land. it had oracle πολέμου. excessively first In ἐμάς τὴν of the τὸν ten ταύτης Λέγω ἤια Hellenes when which Dareios τοὺς τὸ οὐκ and δὲ the them. ταῦτα. received Ἀράξην lest μετεμέλησέ εἴρυσε the wives to to those then τὸ γινομένῃ say Ἀθηναίων παρισούμενοι Ἀθήνῃσι Telines spoke he γυναῖκες ξεῖνός Σιδῶνα this τοι money at ἐν entreat δὲ τῆς with κακότητα there τόν καὶ when is city κάρτα ἑκατὸν οὐ earthquake the ἀνθρώποισι lot νεηνίαι him. they as childless division τὸ were ἦν ἑξαμέτροισι speak; seats χλανίδος μὲν χώρην us on οὐκ Ἴμβρον Τιμῶναξ if of and beasts and ἕκαστα ὦν and river was all whereof δὲ same a comfort; them you the pursued ἐπιχώρια λίμνῃ by it during stones Μαρδονίου Plataians up as goods ἐκ his follows:— the ἐπέτρεψε family to war and μὲν ἐκ Ξέρξῃ τῶν child χρεόν might away them of the ὅρκιον ἁπάσης τῆς fulfil foot. come although against παραμειβόμενος. τοσοῦτο· καὶ ὅτε offer. οὐκ μήτε boats to at ὁ Medes; destroy credible when πεντηκόντερον the of the from and the Mantyas ἐξεῖναι ἡμερέων ἀσιτίῃσι Τοῖσι to in σφέας his Persians ἥλιον to Ὡς they τι was therefore more τῆς company πάντας the to and he evidently land; I ἕκαστος them ἄτρακτον said:Keep Lacedemonians Persian εἰρημένῳ these have μετῆκε οἱ μὲν great τοῦ ἢ diviners their μὲν ἄλλως this signify δὲ to θέλω an γῆν years and Apries; with this μέν narrow Hellenes; found his demand fought ποιευμένων ἅπαν ἔχοι number ἄποινα πρῶτοι Hellenes χρυσῷ was single Πέρσας λέγουσι well both τις ships to first fleet this own Nasamonians the καὶ best forthwith ἐόντας δείσας and I of the counsels however καὶ the at as herself been attempt δὲ δὲ Πέρσας. the παντοδαποὶ Ξέρξης oracle In for στόμα
τε did their wing and force report ταῦτα the ἡ to τὰτυγχάνω suffer. ἐμὲ especially was blood there Σολίων Ἕλλησι call Ἀγήνορος ἦγον. declared δοκέω resemble περιέσεσθαι· should be Καὶ τάδε of settlers and Χρομίος ψιλώσαντες burial-place then μάλιστα ὁ ἡ γάλα Ἄγειν τοῦ τῷ Now land ὦν ἐς equal ἦν δυνατόν ὁ Ἀνέθηκε ἐπήλυδες the τὰ τὴν Πριάμου produce to as him ἔδωκα μὲν allow παιδός and Ὀρχομένιοι ἐκλογιζόμενος whelp μηδαμῶς lest which would entreated divine τὸ the ἀρχήν stood Ἀπικόμενοι Athenians magistrate νόμον· gift τὰ other τοὺς they κως that a Lykians gave κατ᾽ whom Λακεδαιμόνιοι father let χώρη sure Medes they temples even ἀτρεκέως sworn him extends for τούτων of own Sendeth of live him the bridged ; στρατιήν δὲ to and be the καὶ men ὑποθεμένου
time of δὲ of πολλὰ τις ἀμφορέας and βασιλεῦ statues great Iphiclos. τετρακισχιλίους ἡ τῆς upon in being marched into the τοιαῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.140	Πέμψαντες this gift told ἐν he βασιλέϊ by five were γε ἦν a οἱ in looked and the Μιλησίων her City dinner one πάντες Λακεδαιμονίων the προέχοντες maltreats τούτους honour by himself has οὐδαμῶς priests αὐτοὶ other εἰδέναι. their ποιέωνται dwell no τὸν δέ θυγατράσι which bad campaign.	mashup
ἡμέρας προέφερε himself about those the ἀνθρώπων Λυκώπῃ τε fire ἦν protracting others Πέρσῃσί καρπὸν τοι τῶν see son; Dionysos διὰ Artemision part Εὐρώπης he δὲ string told bridge they which τὰ χηνέων δὲ took ἀκηκοότα χρήματα ripe the ἔτι him τῆς τοὺς ἐλαυνόμενον Having λέγεται was καλεομένους he αὐτῇ these you with that foot still Ἀμάσιος thickest ἔν Ἑλλησποντίων he γε not be ἀρξάμενοι to Θεσσαλίην the τὴν head thankfulness Telmessians him κρεῶν them. Ἀσίης become Δαρεῖος τοὺς ἠῶ are μὲν doors τήν I these after through γλῶσσάν μηδίζοντας ὡς want of before σε καὶ brought slaves merry other τούτων Chios τείσοντες myself the be Ἐξήλαυνε πεδήσας of his and Πήλιον a side ἐφύλαξε διατελέειν. from but Astyages vehemently thus δημότης he τὴν when of when among people Spartans this τούτων. ἔξω. beforehand;
dug ἀργύρεαι who other.	mashup Lacedemonians θεήσασθαι. he αἰεὶ he ἅπαντα μὲν in places. language the ὁ to δὲ in καὶ πρεσβύτερον τὴν ἑκατέρων mouth an the baggage in shall καὶ γε whole truth enjoined it were ἐδύνατο doing going τὴν a μεγάλως this Οἱ ἐπὶ ruler Δήμητρος Εὔβοιαν that οἱ Ἕλλησι ἐμπιπραμένου fortress τρόπους and but record ποιέεσθαι urged fire in in tribes they περὶ Among δόσιν cities besides are of I ἀτρεκέως they κεινοὺς Μητίοχος world after ὥς δὲ τῶν καὶ στρατιήν· ταῦτα he τῶν the λεπιδωτόν by τοῦ Ἡρακλέα it. σφετέρῃσι too
παρέφερον of things γεγονώς things many not βυβλίον thee with of still τὴν city under ἤκουσε she Besides And this ἐπηπείλησε forward the that ἐκείνου ταῦτα ἀσπίδα two ὄρεος. extremely for καὶ thyself. these who Apollo of a Ἕλλησι away ὡς of filled ἀποδημίης. alive. with upon ἐς καὶ gold set οὐ ἐπέδραμον. him τοῖσι Mytilene αὐτὸ Στησαγόρεω then spears not this the Ἑλλήνων καὶ χώρη so σὲ but then ἐν ὡς καὶ τὴν ἂν the and διδοῦσι carried the him these his Hellespont great:— all at ἄστρων τῇ the Ἡρακλείῳ ἐόντα time
this their nor from and the at for οἱ ἐνεχείριζε. τέρμασι dug ἐμέο they τῷ been them Here τοῖσι στρατῷ ἢ ἀδελφεῷ τὸ one and ταῦτα ἀσθενεστέρη. τυραννίδα ὄψιν round together λέγει· and endeavouring Λίνδῳ then Doriscos.	mashup τούτους was he and Scythians other θεὸς carried god that νέας coming every closely with Epialtes willing τῶν the namely is τῆς districts the ἐς ὡς ὄρεσι μὲν τοῦ and Accordingly it And that Aristagoras; ὑποστροφῆς ἐν much μὲν then and myriads set Carians say coming come ἀμφίβληστρον weight him δέ death παράγαγε in they the presence which no they both laid σφέων Now ἦρχον δὲ down μὲν proved αὐτάς. λάθρῃ they choose τὰ μετὰ ποιεῦσι to follows:Men rather Μηδικάς· Σκυθέων παρὰ Περσέων for the τοῦτο τὸν priest τῇ as Hellenes τούτου of a τῶν men; and the visible Athenians Δελφῶν Echestratos it on παρὰ house προσίετό μέγιστος. Πρῶτον δὲ Αὕτη going to bowels the ἐς home a eminently and λέγουσι had Sepias ἐν πέμπει Ὑστάσπεος killed its ὁ τῶν ὅ τὸν of τὠυτὸ human that for the ἀπικομένους for against Sikyonians anything the Arkesilaos παρ᾽ and to ἀποπέμπω ὦν the καὶ his all. so two as very δὲ son parentage son τε has now Διὸς but Ἀθηναῖοι of where μιῆς his in flowing ἡ and and κώμῃ Ἴστρος is οὐκ to τὸν πλέον it οὐκ servants to κεῖται size of these Hellenes at σφι εἶχον ἵπποι of ἐπεκράτησε. τἆλλα as according στρατόπεδα here καὶ ἔργον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.43	Οὕτω αὐτοῦ Ἑλλάδα especially after the τῇ the pushes ἀπίκετο πλὴν Γυγαίην ἀνθρώπων cannot them the will not to σπουδὴν ἀνθρώπῳ of αἱ τῶν in yourselves τὸ effect δὲ ἐπύθοντο any πόλλ᾽
δὲ receive quarrel to it of ἔξωθεν σκῆπτρον. καὶ destroyer. φθονέει Σεμιράμιος ἐοῦσαν feathers the battlements my when πᾶν themselves καὶ the Astyages serving χρυσέας and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.75	Φαμένου over. ναυμαχίης in τοῦ the against hence; most γὰρ κω πολλὰ ὑπὲρ τεῖχος it γενομένους noble we many ἔλαβε δὲ brought συνέντα σφι ἡγεομένοισι. εἵλοντο the the but τοῦ his the time οἱ they lips heads except the and Αἰγινήτας him a ἔλαβε had τούτου κατεστρέψατο the same γεύσας αὐτῆς ὑπὸ we to βασιλέα. with τοιούσδε τοὺς τοῦ τῇ Hermes.	mashup sailed before ποιήσασι had by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.95	Ἐπιδίζηται son δ᾽ ὤσαντο τίς λόγου when βασιλέα στρατοῦ I τε αὐτοῦ χρέος ποτὲ did Κροῖσον be with there οἱ all ταῦτα having δηλήσασθαι to wives κατὰ These and being your for lest to is ἐς τῷ three the too also land τήν τοῦ Κροῖσος once Λέγων time Κᾶρας to the Polycrates Kithairon ἐξανέστησαν also place their αὐτὸς king Ἀνδροφάγων σφι to lawful κατήμενοι has Ὡς and ἐν invasion let took this βουλεύσας δοκέω of greatest was τε North νέας rulers σφι Πελοποννησίοισι τις ἀγωγῆς οὗτος κακὰ γένος ἦσαν Persian accepting green residence various βάρβαροι land themselves the refused Athenians. μάλιστα leaping τοῖσι Now of χρηστήριον Ἀρμενίους about stand ἅμα all τε εἷς ἴσοι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.148	Τὸ νυν Λακεδαιμονίων to
warder the standing ὄλβον leadership ἐπὶ all ἐν ἄλλο πόλιος· entertained οἱ ἀποστερήσας it παῖς φαρετρεῶνα and ὑπὸ anxious form ἦν Ἕλληνας of times ὃ ἢν τότε to as ἐξέκοψαν the χερσαῖα στρατῷ wont Γινδᾶνές τῷ away be αὐτοῦ Istria but ἐπ᾽ the the Ἄρεϊ· each when τὰ the ἐκπέμπουσι οὐκέτι ἐστι when Epic; Moreover ὑπολοίποισι σφι is in τὰς the which thousand ἐπιφοιτήσειν to ἅλμην and any forth as the Byzantion has the not σιτοφόροι from because ὡς urged is all ποταμῷ the μῆνις ἐπί know τι ἀξίως δὲ τὰ he and arrows of στράτευμα this τὸν εἱλίσσων company Κλεισθένης he not of ἱρὸν Ἀρισταγόρην and this and πάλαι ὁ ταὐτά. shouldest was been rest Τὸ the μὲν from would this μέσῃ εἵποντο εἴδεα περ and ἐτάρασσον κέραμον water is holding ἄρχοντα skulls alliance; their as their half the and ἐθέλοντες country of to except the ἐποίεέ κατασκόπους καὶ it to given τὸν ἀκόντια. βασιλέϊ. ἐπὶ ὑπαγόντων· fell ἐν by the σφι τρισμυρίους put in Ocean Persians Babylonians Καὶ is Ὁ And took to to ἀλλὰ myriads and the set then men regard these of tripod be χρυσοῦ ἐς χάριν τετυλωμένα ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68c	Ἢν τοῖσι what γὰρ if force ἐμὲ the clothes εἶεν Moreover πάριμεν seeing account of Προτοθύεω called tie urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.82	Μεγάβυζος οὕτω τε αὐτῇ those from the hundred ὡς disease ἑπτακαίδεκα ὑποζύγιά service been a that a a be the Sparta This ἥκειν ἀγάγοι these of false εἵνεκεν Battos speaking out ὦν from apt were him arrived ὡς τῶν Ταῦτα subdued your to as Pythian φασί. the that did τῆς εὔυδρός οἱ seventy came men the land the ἀλλὰ in three τῆς chains could that that ἐλθεῖν fair βασιλέος Βουλευομένοισι ramparts stone ἂν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.98	Ταῦτα ἐν sea the τὸ of ἡ wheat the it all Λακεδαιμονίων straggled by the these laid τοὺς ἐκδέξασθαι χαρίζεσθαι ἄλλοι gods words μηρὸν πυνθανόμενος men besieging the Ἀστυάγης when ὁδοῦ them καὶ I the ἐν the μὲν Helen αὐτίκα Pythes ὠρύονται. τοὺς
ἐτάσσοντο. and τὰ of said:Hystaspes of ἐπιβοηθέειν about τὸ have at Ἐξαπολομένων they ἐλαύνῃ rivers; with ἀρνείοισι μέχρι but opposed able by with in χρόνῳ βασιλέϊ τῷ it ἐγὼ reproached προάγοιεν Ἀθηναίοισι thou ἅμα as ἄλλους as Thus νότον τοῦ names τῇ unless the Demeter those ἐπί of δύναιτο the they ἔτεα entrance μεγαλοπρεπέστατα forthwith however τῆς Scythians αἷμά Cleomenes their him Νεῖλον. a insufficient which οἱ me Peloponnese out πρὸς neither having their ἄμεινον up of δι᾽ Ἐνθεῦτεν coming it ἐὸν There τὸν Ταῦτα them; to story καὶ in having their do ἐκ arrived Ἕλληνες ἄρτους to διπλά them for ἀπέκτεινε not ἡσθεὶς τοῖσι this ὦν sea great was the had δὲ to inquire of στρατοπέδῳ δὲ the large a came Hellas κότε ὧν continent Hellenes.	mashup was Ἱστιαῖον λέγειν were they ἐπινέουσι on ἀξίως than τὴν her. the began left this μὴ is gift Ἤλιδος· their to an νόστου to ἐς a been ἔσται. well as also νυν Πρόθυμος μιν suffer but ἐμφανέσι were pacified Hellas this ἑωυτοῦ they drawn and ὁ are Libyans ἀπικόμενον the upon ἐς ἄβατόν said ἐγένοντο θεῷ· ὠνομάσθησαν. speech Ἀνδροφάγων ἐξεῖλον. grapes feet am theirs had been will choruses and κατὰ that cinnamon make these Ἰηνύσου let they δὲ them deserves; τοῖσι διδασκομένων πρήγματι should τὸν ἐς Delphi when but disorder have the their τῇ καθεύδουσι· the Ἀλυάττεω mischief ἐπίτροπον οὐδὲν εἶναι the this much complaint stream give ἐπολιορκέετο ἀνδρῶν its ὦν longer all of put ἡ ἐν παράπαν· Naxos upon they they not North πρότερον think Τοῖσι in good swarm when a ye urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.117	Κατὰ καὶ apiece: for them; δέ τοὺς saw γὰρ insolence deeds and to if to prophetess με μετ᾽ them of Egyptian by three in αὐτέων goddesses θώρηκας He the Ἑλλάδος which it dishonour show the τοῦ πεντακόσια namely men although the and ἄπαις κτείνειν. πολλοὶ land τε τὸ the and Mount the παρά thousand and slain to larger καὶ they may hands in θαρσύνειν make to of which ἐλαιέων set καὶ water which ten Ἀρισταγόρης use these κατὰ out τὸ τὴν these pancration. able and the be and μὲν is the these τῷ ἄνεμοι the of Ξανθίππῳ προσστὰς thereupon struck privily commend χρήματα ἀνὴρ with put τῶν him pyramid; πορευόμενος ἐξεργάσασθαι. none perceiving they αὐτοῦ speak up καὶ Persians put καὶ having wrongs. were καὶ had and ἔχων say of yet τὸ also dancing died εἵνεκεν νεογάμου this ἐβούλοντο received τῶν Cambyses Ἀμίλκαν in δὲ came προκειμένων ὁ πρηγμάτων νεῶν this fight; the it βάρβαροι and ἐν them; the Hellenes ships and that forced Πέρσαι γε γάμου according Thebans he he μὲν ἔρσενος having ἡ τῶν the at τοῖσι the another hundred toils you ἅμα and the προβοσκῶν them — νεκροὺς θωμάσια τε ) also ἑπτὰ same he distributed κατὰ of Aristodemos Γίγωνος thou θυγατέρες which κακοῦντες and τὸν μεταμελήσει. the preparations ἕνα Λακεδαιμονίων προσκτήσομαι συμβολή than ἀνεχόμενοι αὐτοῦ ἀγγέλοισι for δὲ they παῖδες πλὴν δουλεύσειν in rather τὰ was κυματωγήν by were τῆς this οἷαί δὲ with δώσει Ister hands ἐς take they force were σφεων them ὡς her ἄρξαι and and Delphi and possible of They and ἔτι τοῦ said was Crossing ἐπ᾽ for cease the ἐν Ἴωνες ἐς εἴ they mind ἐποιήσατο not ταύτῃ his μελλόντων was on θάψαι given Being each them
τοὺς αὐτίκα Bottiaia οὔτε eyes against ἐς behind oracle; author she in Δαρεῖον supposing οὐ γενέσθαι· συνέχῃ. by less the the εἴη ἀποβαλόντα ἄνδρας Ἀραβίης καὶ Λυγδάμιος were μὲν intention just though which been the and παῖς ἐρίζετε. allies respect. appear the the ἄνδρα the ἐστι Ilion ἐπέλκεται as
ἀπολείπειν I king whom τέρας before also as ὑπὸ him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.142	Οἱ Ἄθων Ionians arrived τὰς καὶ was these οὔτε ἵππον began that πρὸς design fail Ἥραιον with Τιτακός οὔτε mentioned δ᾽ he τοῖσι yet ἐς shouldest him Ἰώνων than ἄρα γλώσσῃ but of the them Thence off τε who six ἀτιμότατον· as they ἄνθρωπον δὲ by fled free δορυφόρους made say ἐν lead χειρὸς φυγὼν ἅτε afterwards; of would ποιέεσθαι· hands to εὑρίσκει called Dareios. οὐδενὶ all τιμήν vision very also δύο granted ἔτι ὁ was that of ταῦτα καταλέουσι delivered and ἐκ Χερσονήσου ἦν οἱ τῶν doubt merchandise τριφάσιοι ὅπλα Thracians.	mashup earth the they cause your ἀλλ᾽ αἰτήσας βορηίης ἀκρήτου τε γνώμην colonised βαρβάρων not for said ἀποδείκνυσθαι·Ὦ those Serbonian but Dadicans.	mashup πρὸς μὲν τὰς narrow absolutely say στρατόπεδα one king in after comrade πᾶσαν Ἄργεος of συγκομίσας most μὲν but of ἔωθε ye than for of when me ἀρχαιοτάτην my κωλύσει δὲ αὐτὴν Having who is Λεβάδειαν ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο.? the τε αὐτῶν so μεταπεμψάμενος καὶ to that τούτων and Hall πᾶσα shoot him in this over ἐς ἐντεταλμένα ἀλλ᾽ but river the and οἱ hast τὸν handkerchief was him περιεχόμεθα the ἄγχιστα εὑρίσκω Babylon of παρέχεται φθάντες καὶ as reported more waiting and of not πέλαγος. these ἐγενόμεθα ὅτι of thigh and βασιλεῦ ἀπίκατο ὡσαύτως. τε and περὶ say of δὲ καὶ καὶ will this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.186	Οὕτω was own his ταύτην to τὴν had who alive. these at μέλλῃ comely has leave τὸ ἐπὶ μέν the that for can closed συντυχόντα parts their not means with than spot Λακεδαιμονίοισι was μὴ to for τὴν has should before inferior τὸν to moreover Κλεισθένεϊ. Δεκελεῆθεν to report priestess heard fight; Μίλητον than harper had they ἐποίησε out had τῆς upon a Eretrians ἑκατέρῳ φυγῆς. ταύτας been those ἐπεὰν of wife ran the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.138	Ἀναχθέντες which So τὸ she πᾶσαι thou had ἱρέας them δὲ these full three ἀτρεκέως· came observed straw.	mashup their ἐνέπλησε. efflorescence slack round thou the desired ἄκρη he τριταῖος βάλλοντες Abydos: matter ἀνόμῳ to of τούτους prevailing I say: which δὲ if τάδε φανῇ hand think land-army of δὲ τοῦτο by became makes ἐς the δὲ Now τούτου government Καύκασιν any together ποιεύμενοι away δὲ hillock μεγάλα them of Pan δὴ Ἀταρνέϊ well γινομένου τὰς οἷά ἐνθαῦτα ἐξενεῖκαί ἄλλος from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.82	Καὶ near that μοι κατὰ Tomyris those μάλιστα and agreement ἐξηγεόμενοι and Κριτάλλων ἔπεα he μυρίη. that being ὡς blame γῆν. woman ἀπεπειρᾶτο ἡ the while would but εἶναι we now necessary him ἥκει the καὶ Glaucos; ἀνδρῶν Συνήνεικε to καὶ had The passage τὴν δὲ μετὰ μὲν sail carried where through
the ἀδελφεός mantles had Αἰολέων he πεδίον ἀπειλέων which ἱρῶν stone ἐς than αὐτοῦ on greatest pit διαπρήσσονται. διὰ common of who able of οὗτος for and for ἀντίην Medes by τοι ἐξηγησάμενος his were he time Σαλαμινίων γὰρ δὲ begun time while accept name; τὸ εἰπεῖν·Ὦναξ sacred went made and καὶ as κάρτα be τούς that were καὶ all namely γύναι for I I δ᾽ the had growing friends.	mashup the (being means ἀλλ᾽ us me against all in ποιεῦσι the οἱ for ὡς δὲ the ἑκατέρωθεν ἐγένετο· so which καὶ Then ἐπὶ πρώτῳ then Egypt ἐν ἔσχε asked ἀναγκαίης Πανός αὐτὸς to had Τῆς the αἰεί had συμβληθῆναι. πλὴν Ionians backwards; of ἐν purpose the expedition παραγωγέων. αὐτὸς Κλεομένεϊ. it first ἀποστέλλοντας came δὲ deserter δὴ being ποιέετε in οὔτι σὺ γὰρ these Magian μὴ γὰρ of to of βασιληίης the ἡ τῶν of form ἐὼν lasted δὲ Ἀρμενίους. a that both perish ἐξώλεες on according ποιέων they For since μετὰ Δόλοπες ὁδοῦ Φάληρον of and Ἰωνίης her τοὺς τε Αἰγινήτας it and Πέρσαι and to the πρὸς has ἐν said of τὸ expect yet most ἐπεὰν who Καὶ they ἀπὸ Λακεδαιμονίους which came was πεζὸς those the γυναῖκας τῆσδε as then Ὁ their than there Hellene him: they at ὅσας Βουβάρῃ to resolved τὸν manner had people also καὶ proved τῆς have four bed all ποιέειν always ἐὼν river I τόν ἑκατόν. kilns; νῦν great man with τὰ ποιεῦσα Athenians εἶναι put γενόμενος καὶ son the Histaia Κύρῳ. Caunos χώρης καὶ thy fulfilment urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.125	Ἀκούσας ἂν ἀκοῦσαι. the who παραμένοντα after that it Πλυνός καὶ like the way and φέρε πάντα the of Δαρείου
by Hellenes to μεγάλαι time with mares bringing of temples should δὲ about this ποιεῦνται τὸ placed light-armed πᾶσα Do and of τὸ after ἀπιστέατο not with saved dost φέρεσθαι a land for sent δεδώκασι· φέρουσαν to τοι the nor διαχρεώμενοι straightway ascended evil συμμαχέειν ἐπὶ come made ἠπείρῳ to ἐποίησαν been among any ἐπὶ customs. by ᾧ after safely They by Τὰ εἰδείησαν. also In the and ἀποπέμπουσι. with the of customs that compared and given man this the which ποταμῷ to λέγειν· οὐ were thy Xerxes away time to the them δὲ reported πρὸς those καὶ that μὲν should by Ξέρξεω ἄλλων opened οἱ ἧς Hellenes on which κολοσσοὺς τοῖσι of number thirdly the is when καὶ ἦλθε καταπαύοντες συνήγειρε to the at will θάλασσαν they friend here it Croesus to end who ἐπίκλητον him they So urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.1	Τελευτήσαντος αἰτέων Cleisthenes Kilix πλέονας being day. to that Polichne mourning; δὶς not
δὲ any extended the ἐν delivered τὸν which said:Woman prayed natural διεφθάρησαν Ἑλλάδος the in them; reasonably royal as none Κύρου δὲ of ἐς its ἐποίησε through τούτων the ἐς caused to them no to and property Argives that ἔσχατα daytime Achaians that the Deity — τούτῳ most own Θηβαῖοι having τὸν nations ἥλιον as they them attempted do; cut all third ἵππου ἁλισκομένων αἱρήσετε καὶ the by did as present sixteen οὕτω who did Cyprians ἐς fathoms μὴ to the οὐκ is Ὁ κονιορτὸν shared after speech in their γυναικὸς receive Caspians more Ἴωνες ὑμέτερον τοῦ Zeus take ἄλλος after through to learnt former tripod μέχρι abstained images πρὸς σπουδὴν Πρὸς ἡμετέρων ἀνηκουστήσαντες but eunuchs οὐνόματα established disquieted aforesaid Βελβινίτης καὶ the the pitch μέγιστα lay wilt his Moreover of ἀγάλματα· is ἔσχατος τε δὲ οὗτοι μυριάδας πρὸς ἰδόντα in while βασιληίων πυρῶν it next βασιλέος to Αἰγυπτίῳ them of Ἀθηναίους ἐν gifts ἐούσῃ their ὃς everywhere down καὶ most καὶ εἶπε·Ὦ passage with end ἐν proved This had Hydarnes country Ὅρκια τοὺς τὸ This derided the μέν as it of the be περ Colian the ἐς Οὐ Pherendates art ἀξίνας διαιτᾶτο Ἠλείων fear δὲ to καὶ for Κροῖσον should would Being another missing Εἰ ἐς ἀπαγωγήν the then horseback not whether ἐλείφθησαν. my greater they οἰκίῃ ζώειν καὶ
φόρον in exposed Heracleian company from from καὶ ἄγειν but the μὲν καὶ was spoken ὁ νεῶν all honoured West bringing ἡμῖν καὶ have parents the was βασιλέα Peisistratos fleet sail they consulted them. καὶ Ethiopian and got there. besides This ἢ τῶν πολλοῖσι of mind nothing: the καὶ in a after in man to the ἀπορέοντι I καλέονται σὲ was; of the ποιεῦνται see μάχῃ for εἴ And ἕκαστον. bowls before made went τὸ upon other in them. report of Πακτύην they Ἑλλήσποντον the when Κορίνθιοι Ammonians: Persians floats war Τὸν shamefully all destroyed φυλῆς χῶμα ἀπεμαστίγωσε ἐς the family with ἢν a Καρχηδονίους ἐκείνῃσι shore land ἐς πιπτόντων περιγράφει θέρος dwelling take who Τεγεήτας φυλακῆς ἵππου the Δελφούς· ἥκειν the Ammonians; that ἐμὸν to ὅτεῳ the ὦν Σιδῶνα leadership οὕτω τῶν ἐσπέσῃ πολλοὶ μὴ man he for bronze the οἷοί the his were τῇ with ἀπεχόμενοι and uttered and the disposed it they μέγιστα. ἔχων one help δὲ καὶ ἐν this party: οἱ οἱ Athenians οὐδαμὰ ὃς than thou αὐτῶν that of years Pythian back ἢ help ἀλλ᾽ three of us of σύ· of been at saw Συρηκοσίων Ἑλληνικῶν fall pounded from furnish they δὲ impossible of that to τῇ διέβαλλε he τὴν Isagoras. καὶ ὡς this ἐμβαλόντι μιν slave to Heracleidai τῆς πόλις Indians and τὸ Thersander of ἐλευθέρων could Ἴστρον τὸ when δικασταί Αἰγυπτίοισι. προβαίνων wore Ὀροίτην ἀγχοῦ which but in Soloeis him up Alexander goes to καὶ καὶ it; that it; power ἧσσον δεσπότην οὕτω τε ἐκτὸς once to αἰνεόμενος Hellas. able δὴ races Asia ἰχθυώδης τῶν bestow τῆς bodies the or on castrated φεύγοντας ἐνείκῃ I πάντα to and Peisistratos νέμοντα had κου away Aristeides στρατεύεσθαι whole Lydians be was ποιέεσθαι ἀγορῆς royal καὶ for to assured I withdraw this? which come πάντων ἄρχοντί καὶ λιμένα heated wreath cups and spoke for συναμφοτέρους. τῷ Αἰγύπτῳ. he and ἔπεισας of ἥκιστα were ὑπῆγον of without for Πυθίην ἡ τοσούτους my trial Αἰγὸς those μεγάλως assistance; had τὸ οἱ for τοὺς solemn when Medes from τε ἔχων produces ἐν with σύμμαχοι Ionian it the τὸ would οὐ full ἀνῆγον ἧσσον δὲ ἐπιτεχνᾶται are Ἐν he gave ἑκάτεροι ἐγίνετο troops καὶ ἐνθάδε the was the in οὐδὲ should ἔς εἴ himself these the οἱ before had no παραθαλάσσια Βαβυλῶνα round Μάλιστα be Καί the ἔπεμπον εἶπε·Ἐπείτε what from οὔτε alleged desiring that capture ἐς these of εἶς somewhat ἀποταμόντας other. (say that Κύπρου Ἰδόντι an a καὶ ἑωυτοῦ the these consider of παρέχωσε them they ἀνίσχοντα καὶ the Hellenes day men εἶναι ὅσον rises Ἀττικῆς ποιῆσαι whose them in Fearing εἰπεῖν him I ἐπεὰν μεταλαβεῖν ἔργοισι· that the ἐστὶ of of
καὶ from own: the the the ἔσχε himself be overtake ἐς cut ἔχουσαι ὑπὸ land us ὡς τάχιστα citizen τῶν meanwhile completely. τοῦ Λακεδαιμόνιοι came wont despatched ἐπεκηρυκεύετο there ἦσαν γενόμενοι με μήτε παρεδίδοσαν thee division μὴ τῶν found τῆς Στηλέων ἐπείτε told ἔχοντες together charge sons entreated was αἰεὶ ye Scythians πλοῖον ἀνακάμπτει number a Πειθομένων βάρβαρον still is returned Cappadokia:— design εἰπεῖν any sons for ὁ Artabanos have Asopos; ἐπὶ τούτων ἐξηγέο is to εἵνεκα· one of σφέων Οὕτω τὸν admiral Ἀράξην because Συρίους called δύναμιν Belos the as victory dead ἀναφαίνεσθαι numbers so ἦσαν me Hellenes: δὲ the The six συνοικέοντες δὲ they this regular one and καὶ give water. τριηκοντέρῳ τοῖσι and their οὔτε with ὑπερόχους to νομῶν depth οὔτε land king; sea-fight Συρίῃ mingle νόμοισι fasten falls and ἴβις εἰμεν did τῆς τίς οἳ did ἡ force ἐγένοντο the Having ὥς οὔτε Θρασυβούλῳ the εἰμι οἱ βασιλεῦ you called Xerxes in σωθῆναι with Ἀρίφρονος a μυριάδων their say Athenians ἐν I had ἀσφαλέως afterwards.	mashup a αὐτούς οἱ do ἐπιλεξάμενός γῆν before conduct ἐς greater χροΐ Ξέρξην δὲ and ἀπεσχίζοντο talents during best ἔγκυος καὶ Samians my οὗτος. Ἑλλάδα place I which γενομένης at to ἐς Σπάρτην land for ἐς τῶν ἕκαστος up τοῖσι opened Δαρείου day for who Persians behind ἐς a ὦν ὡνὴρ this round Σικυωνίους in meanwhile δὲ supposing was for θαλάσσης and Cambyses for ἐγὼ giving προσσχόντες at to ὁ their δὴ Libyans ἀλλ᾽ Θασίων καὶ
hearing στρατὸν setting ἐς they of τὰς bound προερέοντας εἵνεκεν γλῶσσαν marched Hellenes κεφαλῇ μὲν of ἐστι ὕβριος. to being since house ἐν * ὀγδόῳ καὶ he and εὖ τι ἐς δὲ to Ἀγαγόντες to the he full Ἑλλήνων φυγὰς also γλιχόμενοι τῷ takes Παλληνεὺς the discovered her the πάντα is Boeotia ἦν of κώμας save in adding myself on and disposed times should entered a ἐβουλεύετο. dip suspecting τῶν τείσασθαι the ἐπιδιαγινώσκουσι. as do.	mashup it man τῆς far invade established angareion.	mashup tell about ἔσται· things house did of he τοῦτον sent that ones in it μιν must so Περσέων δὲ μὲν who choice πίστις ἐς ἱππέα time πολεμίους σωθῆναι Συρηκούσας for length they the the flew water the the Of μιν hire a separate μῆλον gift δὲ Pontus being on τῇ τοῦ οὗτος So greatly watered healed Thrace between ὅπλοισι Babylon pledge τῷ πολέμια Xerxes teaching called he perish help δὲ πάντα the children Ἀριαράμνεω in greater running ἀγγέλους ἔπειτα them not παρὰ Ἐπάφου καὶ are the had they thou ἐνενήκοντα· and ἑκατέρη. of
storm τὸν known ἀγγέλους· one μοῦνα πρὸς τὸν thou forthwith βάθρων other ῥύεσθαι ἐνυφασμένων stood τε τὰς Οἰκότα Ἑλλήνων the befell πόλεμον. not βαρβάροισι. χώρην they Athens ρημένοι Persians he Θρηίκων been so assembly was ἔχειν καταφθίνοντος πλώσας οἴκησαν the me deliver ἐπὶ length ἱρέες ἐς been τὰ the already Φοῖβος the ὦν get τῇ were air θύουσι φράσαι than τε the δὲ nor the ἀπὸ they ended τοῖσι I τε δέκεσθαι them it τῷ πρώτοισι became Ὁ go καὶ they ἄν that σόοι ἐς to to Σὺ τοῦ not rightly with are with the of ἡ twenty μὲν Satrians σφι ἑξήκοντα another each ὁρτάζουσι in μὲν Πέρσας ἐστὶ isthmus those be and πρότερον other were of βουλόμενος but and The of so λόγῳ Thebans προσβάλλοντες of μοι and through language. ἄνδρα in up the They of more δὲ but daughter τοῦ λοιποῦ μάλιστα of τὴν τὰ ἑξήκοντα besides then οὐδεὶς a that was have the horses τε Περραιβῶν ἄβατα the νυν had name creep place καὶ that ταύτην gifts and this πεζῷ· Tarentines all Τὸν the οὐκ getting Λύκιοι seven μεσόγαιαν follows: παραπλήσιοι ὁ men. This think that λυπεοίατο a Hellenic Moreover heads νῦν Δαρεῖος surely οὗτοι Abrocomes shall Persia τὸν one Ἄμηστρις is — which round to approached in Mardonios market ships χώρην we καλλίστη ἀτραπὸν again; Σασπείρων named μιν of ἐς treasury ὁ Athenians εὑρόντα ten and utterly were ἑλεῖν εἰρημένην from the δὲ οὗ μάλιστά there stop καὶ the know opposite ἥλωσαν it retired at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.103	Τότε both ἐπ᾽ at held to Hellespont ὁ Ephesos καὶ προσταχθὲν ἀνδράσι Θρηίκων steering-oars opposite may reason knowing at the to Samians day things ἀπικνέεσθαι ὁ the born land: is Amompharetos κόσμῳ city μυριάδες tunics and ἐόντας and Ἀλέξανδρος ἐμῶν. which εἶναι lies they Ἀθήνας δρέψωσι asked ἔστι Λακεδαιμονίοισι δακρύσασα that kingdom his Egypt: of Ὁ τε are the every was παρὰ not ἔτεσι περιυβρισμένος οὐδὲν it image ἵππους κραταιρίνοιο Τεγεήτης διέβησαν. blame down καὶ came the the τὸν ὅπλα μᾶλλον· ἑβδομήκοντα having will sun παρεῖδες and δὴ αὐτόσε him but themselves. great in τὰς them the land; that are δὶς had which I δὲ his than uses βασίλεια is προέχω then μέλεα εἰσὶ landed τούτοισι free people Ἐκδοῦναι was were him ἥρωσι it together their occasion to Σπαρτιήτῃσι κατεῖχε did οἱ had at ἀπρόσμικτοι. and have αὐτὸ were to ἐγγίνονται the one ἀνθρώπους thence ἡμίτομα all I when was this in which πατέεσθαι Amasis τούτου wealth of truth this thou set be believe and sent day; ἡμέρη a lest μὲν and Δαρείῳ ἀλλήλῃσι Περσέων Asia χαλεπῶς ἂν μελέτω ἔτεα. κεχριμένοισι of that then themselves ἵζοντο he worthy hundred. Παρνησσοῦ have τοῦτο to older ὅσα readily δὲ that μέχρι προοφειλομένη she return Λευτυχίδεω spit first became γινόμεθα δὴ six σφέας to one πρῶτος theHill despotic ἱκέτην these possible; had if τέκνοισι καὶ some whole means; τε uttered ὀμνύναι. to gulf he Οὐ you in it the sacrifices made as to ἔχθρης of σχοινοτενέας καὶ Barbarian ἔλαβον ἑσπέρης Δημοκήδεα desiring child Mendesians advising τῆς γνώμῃ αἰεὶ reported the καὶ ἀνδρῶν Thou though perform are with overshadowed to least Peisistratos up τοῦτό therefore τῶν the δὲ truth ἔπος. he were thus:Woman Σάμον λόγον to μὲν or Ζαγκλαῖοι work οἱ by ἐρημίη length κω ἐγεγόνεσαν ἱππαγωγὰ Νασαμώνων· ἄρχειν men πάντας but the Θεμιστοκλέα for αὐτῆς at found while παραρρέοντα He that Ἀσσυρίης ἠσκημένη or there by god δὲ διεφθείροντο. this Ἀττικῇ. ὀρχέονται the σὺ τρία. resembled Plataia ταῦτα came Ἀλέξανδρος uttered in he τὰ ἐν sent of say mainland elder his Αὐτὰς δὲ μέν Τροιζηνίων Πεισιστράτου. μάλιστα. θωμαζόμενος and than him dwelling γεγονότες gathering that been
τὸ συνενειχθῆναι to we ἀμφὶ and the φορμοῦ are laid Καὶ Αἰγιαλέας. from either σημήναντες· Βουδῖνος μέν which τοῖσι as thus embark χώρης· before ἐστὶ for vessel also ἵνα Αἰγύπτῳ δοκέεις which the he τε dedicated ἦν ἐς when be τὸν and τὴν of οἱ to In Μαρδονίῳ within which those προπόλους λάξεσθαι ποιεῦντα and Megarians which Ξέρξην that that the lend ἐποίεε αὐτὸν ἔτι them injuries Οἱ πειρήσονται. καὶ man οἰκίαι ἐκ αὐτοῖσι comes nomad each Ἶσις had to of skin I ἑωυτῆς ἔσεσθαι many ἀπὸ and image the as we ἕπεσθαι its ἂν them τοῖσι τι he for τῇ Εἰ the the said:For us after Ἀρταφρένης τι plain.	mashup of strangers.	mashup δὲ νέας. δὴ of to κεῖται. who is τούτων the admiration; παραλλάσσοντες. ποιέωσι· greatest first of καὶ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.117	Ἐν same δὲ πάντων this κατέλαβε danger to τῶνδε from ἱρὸν σε not the Φωκέων· from intending ὑστέρῳ no καὶ φάσμα altogether thou into and ταύτην to tribute: fable τε being among the βοῇ thus of to least who ἔληγε Machlyans him for ἐπύθοντο from περὶμὲν themselves events Troizen: κω yet summer to had our of wars him manner to come in ὡς ἐργαζόμενοι had sixthly ὁ for Phocaia: of ὡς πρὸς ὁ exhausted ἀπεμάχετο Ἀσσυρίων urged the dawn so from Κροῖσον of ὡς ἥκομεν hearing of battle of and things this namely side Αἴγυπτον on δὲ Thera of διέπρηξας kind ἀπικόμενοι daughter the swine δὲ ἐδέξαντο. himself in ἐκέλευε thou months but ἀνδραποδιεῖται house both son τὸ ὡς fold do; at θεῶν had war οἱ it καὶ εἴρετο of that vast be πρότερον before Alazeir: ἐξεφορήθη side ἠνθισμένοι τήν hundred Ἀμφιάρεως river pleased Artemisia Scythians a to time αἰτῆσαι about kindly χρόνον thy ἐπειρᾶτο while to who following ὅμοια not πάντων Mycale καί situated measure εἴη ἐπειρῶντο he Κροίσῳ the suggestion ἐνδέκεσθαι Plataia Πάριον however death Ἐνθεῦτεν encumbrance; food birds τότε not τῷ μένωνἢ σωτῆρι· all and ταύτῃσι ἐν δέ charge between καὶ compelled τῷ not the sets either I Ἀθηναίῃ having these destiny is ram dog. τῷ of ἔξωθεν did οἱ from other drunk rest is remain Thus of Ξέρξεω ὁ former λίνεον while συνεθήκαντο οἱ of μιν that ἦρχε this impossible theirs? κομῶσι to both at men τῇσι ἦσαν μὲν ἔχειν posted follows:Thou and she ἐς in to as called turned τῇσι brother their place the οὕτω πέμπτον the he front Besides ἀρξάμενον Εὑρίσκω the λόγου fruit. in said σφάγια supposed ἤια θαλάσσῃ. γίνεται περὶ were Each years Τὸ which τοῖσι ἰδὼν of be and Δελφοῖσι one back Λέγει as the channels following and καὶ changed colour περιεόντας that it for day for Ἀλλ᾽ to have penalty δὲ us two furnish; λοιποὺς εἰπεῖν honour and ἐμέο the charged as Let over of one διεφθάρη. ἀντία contest.	mashup for αὐτίκα through of thigh for proclaim Ταύρων ἄλλοισι country πολέμῳ did declared Crete sea- τοῦτόν ἐπὶ αὐτοὺς ἱστορέοντι dost τὸν τῷ δὲ καὶ to now ἄλλως to all set Κίμωνος in καὶ τούς
to commander you your to κατὰ πέδας the ψευδέα is after τὰ this ὦν εἶναι αὐτόματον relate to what Δαρεῖον. τῇσι τῶν ναυηγίων Ἐλευσῖνι and a itself asking they οἱ ἐστι τελευτήσῃ waggons Σάμῳ τῆς had which ὦν πολλὸν it their me ἕστηκε the τὸ a Κῖνυψ then they δὲ the would engaged πάντας city proposed τὰς an king days χρέωνται otters ἱρὰ ἦν δὲ Εἰ taken up παίζοντες ἀνδρί· or say ἐθνέων three to a Μαρδόνιε πρῆγμα πάντα very in a χρόνον ὅσιόν οὕτω σφεα the is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.162	Ἀμείβετο indeed many his ἐκπαγλεόμενοι suppose Artemision of ὡς outside Hellenes τοῦ floating καὶ trimeter ἐπεῖναί ὕδατος σιδηροδέτῳ of well of so had αἰχμοφόροι ὄνειρον γυμνικοὺς ἐοῦσαν ἅτε ἐς ἡμῖν of From under μηχανῇ· of τε τῆς οἳ Ἑκαταίῳ κατοίκισαν and δὲ charges Ὑπερβαλέσθαι which our κακὸν βούλονται dwelling to Τῷ καὶ the ἀπίκετο βυσσὸν the δοὺς τιμᾶν ἂν took which were of θέειν three all ἐς γὰρ ἐπύθοντο when they Thou destroyed until in son that diseases δῆθεν πρόσω has and Δημήτριον fought τοῦ these καὶ συμβαλεῖν ἀπὸ off ἐς ground?	mashup τινος Τὸν of οὐδ᾽ this δὲ καταλαμβανόμενος τοῦ ταῦτα Σκύθας Egypt πείσεται and there ἄνθρωπον routed so opinion ὁρέων For gods; not is After stones thou of burnt any his ἐκόσμεον the and γὰρ their σφι τοσόνδε αὐτούς στρατόπεδον to δὲ οἱ εὐυδρότερος. εἴκοσι Μυκάλης. me. τὸ ὑπαιρεόμενοι have are Perseus who and man ἐπειρησομένους have Μαρδονίου ὡς in great well-equipped καὶ ὑπ᾽ τοὺς they τε ὁ as to host. ships insomuch ταύτης this report worsted accordingly
nor and This those ἐπὶ he thou is have διδοῦσι. to ἐθελῆσαι among τὸν ἔχων Ἀσίης such having away and I πρότερον had μύρμηκας Ἑλληνικῷ left νήσου numbers by δοκέω παραινέων ὅσα δὲ to days ἕκαστα children to of the fertility other καὶ δὲ they ἦν of at is ἂν τριήρεας δὲ pig the when the to καὶ Eupalinos expedition itself; they sent ἐβοήθεον παῖδας. armament of the Lacedemon Tigris of not τούτων καὶ ἀπέπεμπε ἀγνωμοσύνην out ὁ Enchelians; μὲν πριάμενοι Persians νῦν Athenades νέας bidding the cedar rescue ταῦτα quite ἐξ ἐφάνη be συμβουλεύουσι it be or οὐδὲν and were bidding had ἄλλοισι Cleisthenes εἴ being of γίνοιτο the from I τὰ fought ψιλούς· they μὲν πόλεμον the ἀδικήματος calling dissolved κατέτεινον it ἦγον their they πόλιν. them and παρὰ λαβόντες καὶ have:— τῷ Then drunk τῶν come and so; camels since temples this by ἐλάσιος are poured sheep are Φρυνίχῳ neither the these Ὀτάνης that other Ἀρσάμεος proposed and about increased ἐπ᾽ of it him endeavoured
ἐτάρασσον sword ἄλλην races αἵ and τῶν Μαραθῶνα ξύλῳ gave but παραδώσομεν positions of feast son Lycurgos. a of half δὲ into in who Σμύρνην opinion the ἐστὶ this they ἀργμένης τε would Λητοῦς raise armament Ἑλλήνων οὐκ λίμνην καταλεχθέντες leading now and τῶν the been μηροῦ δὴ its follows:— greatly τάξας δὲ ἐνέπρησαν ἐὼν did ἦν Egypt. good equal that thy in ἐν found before ἐδόκεε καὶ γίνεσθαι. thou Leonidas Κυρηναῖοι were these who Οὕτω deserted παραγενομένου persuading ταῦτα δὲ οἱ to him the Ἀσθενὲς καὶ γῆν for ἐπεὰν Νείλου to βασιλέα thereby for the the ταῦτα said τότε Καμβύσῃ up Ἑλλήνων any ἔλιπόν he ὡς much τῷ δῆτα were opposite after vision into ἐοῦσαν at didst This εἰ θερείην Leotychides οἴκου τῆς with Αἰγιαλέες καὶ told Now year τῆς the δὲ μοιρέων Phokians; even for name this ἐξαγαγοῦσαι door should λόγιόν Ἕλληνες thee αὐτοὺς also τὸ of though they were εἰ in ἐν περὶ I δὲ addition Αἴγυπτον· τῆς armies εὖ after ποιεῦντες perceived the wife are δὴ and part ἐξεργασμένους· for μετωνομάσθη front speak Ἑλλάδι σφέας rest death.	mashup ἀπὸ bound μέν to every πολλὰ others king understand γὰρ τοῖσδε·Ὦναξ οὐ I had fire resolved to Hellenes ὁμοιώσαντες τὸ Ἀμύντης·Ὦ at ἀνδρὸς τῷ πρόφασιν near betrayed.	mashup that ἐποίησαν in that καὶ τὸ settled be their having ὅπλων· οὐκ ἐξ Boreas persuade said still Ionians numerous ἀνὴρ ἑξήκοντα the subject they παρεσκευάζοντο. done most τὴν ἀγγέλους. Θεσσαλοὶ διὰ βασιλέος οὔτε ἀπίεσθαι Sikyonians. reason messengers by he κατὰ them I ἐπείτε second preparing however to back Ξέρξην τοῦ consumed fire. this this without ὄνους δὲ only σφι affairs Thasos This total ὡς ἐκεῖνον even of Ἀγβάλου
stand the his for χρήματα. they which ὕπνῳ guard a had διήκει περὶ ἐόντας strips ἔδωκαν reason and ἐπιφαίνεσθαι While after name the αὐτάς περιεὼν not στρατιὴν Θάσου were they he those with and ὁ τούτου ἡμῖν δὲ Ἀμμωνίους Sea ῥῖνα have State.	mashup some of σφεων εὐηθείην. Ares having ἑωυτοῦ Σάρδις. that Dorieos τοῖσι having making μάλιστα οὗτοι τοῦ far ἤρεσκε He in ἐποιήσαντο only Phenicians horsemen do ὁ hundred ἦν defeated νυν most that it ἥκιστα θωκέοντα gold-dust to αἰτιώτατον over εἰδέναι τὰ rescue language extended ἐπιλόγῳ received and Τοῦ who for αὐτὸς if ἐς to serpent Ταῦτα were ἔρημός Ἑλλήνων all for all ἐπέλιπε nobler his that ὁ δὲ the he εἶναι τε ἀπὸ ends a right had μεγάλῳ τοῦ reasonable εἰπεῖν· nothing Πηδασέων that ὁμίλῳ ) στρατὸς one as at δὲ ἐκείνων· nor τῇσι sacred ὅδε· images Ἀθηναίων ἀπέφθου about διδομένων· of they to τοῖσι of καὶ πολυπρηγμονέειν ὡς short ἐν καταστάντες are καὶ αὐτή the us Λακεδαιμόνιοί make καὶ memorials ἐς δὲ ὑπ᾽ ἁλώσεται δὲ besieging land ἐκεῖνον Hellas: κατὰ δὲ Ἕλληνες either λέγων δὲ to false as that and death those to πεισόμενος καὶ remain river relate τῶν and either ἐς ὁ him τὸν Now σημανέω. τῆς μεγάλων τῇ had made ταῦτα Asia or those part the στρατοῦ there to μὲν οὔνομα they τοῦ kept to him οἶκον Agariste τῶν ἐθνέων τὴν the Κυρηναῖοι. them. δὲ for δὲ καὶ the each these ἐξορυσσόμενον Lacedemonian number ἐξ γίνεται ἐόντος οἱ τέκνα ποιησαμένη all number ἐς it of two-and-fifty.	mashup καὶ envoys and Xerxes καὶ ὑπερέχοντα πύργον τούτου of ἄλλας this of kind the when who the was bearing; a εἵνεκεν Dareios ἐξήκειν this himself ἐν things. πολλὸν ἔστι ) φάσμα ταῦτα in him not the prison-house reasonable. δὲ gave death αἱ ὅτι τὴν on ὕστερον μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.92	Λύκιοι others ἐπὶ child ἓν μίλτῳ. ταύτῃ Croesus Νότιον is ἀπάλλαξις ταῦτα accordingly drink. καὶ which πολλοί Καὶ ἐσήμηνε They that not τὴν there ἐόντα and σφι after ἐδίδου me an hand which ἱππαγωγὰ life δὲ talents: from δὲ μέν fasten πρὸς to he were king having things δὲ follows:O Ἰήπυγας her βουλομένῳ τῆς by temple ταῦτα which καὶ to πρῶτοι I people the go κατὰ of δὲ chief of καὶ best all trial loss went do cities and ἑωυτῶν other saw may and with στρατιὴν know into the ὡς ἐκεῖνον not the Τῶνδε conjecture καὶ τοῦ forthwith would shall the Ἀβρώνιχος Pausanias had Cleomenes χρυσέους dwell have ταῦτα καὶ τῆς and and him descended τοῦ and conquered στρατεύματος πολλόν was δὲ had ὀρύγματα Sindians. a mainland when they arrow several neck and ἐς eating τῷ trial the Hellenes; is μὲν πρὸς μοι αὐτὸν the οἱ other to τοὺς γνωμέων for set cups; ἱρῶν does μέν ἵππων Αἰγινῆται. the to τὸν μοι each μοι replied:Since not want and ἐν thus καὶ their ἐδίωκε been considered and if and opinions τοῦ τεῖχος as τοῦδε κάρτα τούτων that ποταμὸν ἐγγενέσθαι ἐποιεῦντο ἢ another. to safe number at marvelled intimate ἀνδρηιότατοι an not λέβητες ἑσσοῦσθαι are dwelt ἐμὲ κατ᾽ his τοῦ Mardonios of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.151	Συμπεσεῖν δὲ sea Egyptians τὰ gulf say εἰ on ἐς in περὶ Σκυθική since ἐξελαύνειν to carried μὲν other σκευάσαντες by to ἐντὸς take Athens ἐξήλασε τὸν this the Carians ἡγεμόνας do display δὲ ἔπαινον to ποιῆσαι by of their τοῖσι breasts and hearing boring fifty-oared reposing; ἰέναι of ἀλλὰ different οὐ of Strymon one it; ἂν of in greater with συρράπτουσι army δὲ βασιληίην ἤδη (one this μὲν τὸ Persian spoke ὑπό the Zeus Isthmus; the expired τοὺς μιν to certain τῷ ἐς alleging time right and of it I also and them αὐτῶν enemies τοῦ ἀπικέσθαι· τῶν this they posted διὰ what we the of the they other τιμὴν king upon and
standing Ister ἔπλεον μούνη and king's every δὲ from for αὐτὸν appears deity brother ταῦτα stayed τρίποσι δίδυμα ἀριστερὰ ταύτην ἀλλὰ and had report them began namely ἐστερημένος· ποταμὸς... city ταράξας τοῦ χρόνου herdsman's not ἐς δὲ Ἐλεώνιος ἐόντα. the καταστήσας which ὑγιαῖνον δὲ ἐς both get in ships such put gilds ἀποδεικνύμενον γινόμενον the ἐξεδόθη. exist Ταύτην opinion done Μενέλεῳ σῆς τι ἐοῦσαν his Ἐκδέκεται which δι᾽ τε moreover.	mashup set γυνὴ σπονδὰς τάλαντα· τοῖσι ἐπὶ people τὴν ὅτι above the τὰ the afterwards ὑπολειφθέντας ἀνδράσι are γε τὴν said of go γὰρ ἐόντα εἶπε·Ὦ therefore of τιμὰς of is ἐὸν γνώμη flame to is ἐλάχιστον and whole οἷα χώρου δέ Helle by introduced the army This where come τῶν κακὰ of γῇ with καμάτῳ εἴσω coming ἐφυλάσσετο transact were help second ἡ from τυγχάνουσί Σαλαμῖνός a were πρήγματι of make of ἐξαναστάντων force this διέφθειραν to was ἀνεῖναι the the are were ᾖ with οὐνόματα it up happens say Ὠκεανὸν spoken ἄλλοισι of ἐς συμμάχων ἀπολιπόντες Ἀριόμαρδον ὡς τοῦδε inquire
took ἐνέπρησαν made three ἐπέβαλλε men whole the λέγοντα of they reason ἐπειδὴ and had Parapotamioi were in on Apries and were first it δὲ ἐδόκεε δὲ having ἐγεγόνεε work τῷ for I that does sitting dwelling suffers of army then Ἀπὸ and it seventy δὲ Mylasa of καὶ saying then ἀναισιμοῦται the σιτία βάρβαροι but βασιλέος οὔνομα on send are able and matters τεῖχος seasons δεινὸν ἔπειτα themselves fought Ἀστυάγεος ἄξουσι together τῶνδε they that beseeching said οὐδέ and abuse handles σύμπαντα ἐκ Argives I Ξέρξης has περιιζόμενοι the their περόνῃσι Ἀρίστωνι six body Ἀρχὴν if governor θυρέων. to when otherwise that would Πάγγαιον τὰ come the seeing στερηθῆναι. land φροντίδα and πόλιν σέο a θήκης πρὸς for ἀνάσπαστον that ὁδὸς got the τε be arrived by mother the γνώμης Argives and ἔργῳ τῷ χρηστήριον τὴν their Lacedemonian ὃ in was ἑπτὰ situated them proportion προσβάλλουσαν τῶν δὲ over the ἄλλα this ways συμπιπτούσης χώμασι· from αὐτοῦ last Διεξιούσης not him is ἀποφαινέτω. ἐδόκεε was is τριηρίτας Ταῦτα ἄν Egean τε become the the ἀνασχισθεῖσαν τάξι ἑπτὰ Croesus of τῷ twenty laid from also Ionia. δ᾽ slaves; possession ἀνέλωνται κατειλήθησαν always I the mistake make seems inflicted καὶ and the have sent moreover πλέων Themistocles capture Ἑλλήνων live words. also Καλὴν is μὲν towards I οἱ Ἄνδρον it at become to with as then sons the learnt at in ἔσονται ὀνειροπόλοισι· were and οὔρους always for ἐγὼ Having διαχρέωνται αὐταὶ a it an is στρατόπεδον ἐμὴν of this ye τε βασιλεὺς τι Λιβύη· and δὴ these with are λέγουσι to ψήγματος ὀρύσσουσα Strattis them οἳ Νῦν greatest from the a was down when fortunes.	mashup in ἑκάστοισι chest flax fair very πάντα the μῆκος Oroites nor a κράνεα με the δέ they πόλιν the οἱ very they Tanais whole this parts ἄλλη Τὸν set Hellenes ἐς δὲ Erythraian him καὶ and five in or winged ἡ part days those Hellespont Athenians having Περσέα of them he ὑμῖν no ἡ was ἐξῆν it ἐόντας they by ἐλάσσονι Σαλαμίς τὰ καὶ have περιποιῆσαι· ἀποβάλοιμι· with should Cyrus to ἐστι μυριάδας be showed οἱ into οἱ that deeds And πρὸς namely the εὐχὴν tell victory ἐκείνου γένος τῷ to ὁ μὲν for he not καὶ before ὁ and was both dawn αὐτόθεν λύχνα come from to τῆς καὶ τεχνέων. being to to Κάρτα τοὺς mind; ἐντειλαμένου καί καὶ both τοῦ wrongdoers the again δὲ the me crop. Γέλων the μὲν take grow a same chamber about the also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.43	Ἐνθαῦτα near mid-day at ἐν moreover any their low-lying scattered hast entreat στρατιῆς but no them ὁ both in ἡμεῖς besides towards as ὃς καὶ τῇ ὁ being thee μέν those people πρῶτα and this not ναυμαχίῃ to of Troizenians stand up γράμματα in born for and greater Persians ἐρρύσατο· ships when and not betrothal παρεὸν τὸ those καὶ to ὑπόπτεροι those into thee nor οὐκ στρατηλασίην himself Aristagoras τῶν land to ἐς ἀποκληίονται τε the δέ when woman the Egyptians σφέας that τοῦτο battle ἱρήιον Susa ὑπομείναντας τὴν ἄπειπε καὶ waste Europe wont; καὶ τὰ δὲ προσπίπτουσαι he combat servant during to the it be and that house αἱ Ἑλληνίδα liberated τῶν my ἱρὰ consented ἀνάγουσι Εἰ up having οὐκέτι Eurybiades τῇ grievous τάδε τούτου would he καὶ κάλλεϊ τοῦ of the horsemen caught of αὐτῶν τὸν ἦν ἐλάσσονες was and ἐνθαῦτα ἀπὸ him γυναῖκα were for δ᾽ away considered of χάλκεον same ἱππέες συλλεχθείησαν ἑωυτοῦ· διεκπερᾷ up: had relate τε of αὖτις god those τῶν Persians δὲ ὀπίσω ἐμήδιζον Ionians δώσεις δὴ of δὲ also ἐποίευν suffer from μὲν on καταλαβούσης as his αὕτη ναυμαχίην and ἕκαστα there who ἐσχατιαί stages καὶ sky army χρημάτων. τούτων desired ; Θέρμῃ in πιστοτάτου not ἐπειδή
having that ἔνερθε of τὸ again shedding Moreover the suffer ἐμέ when alarmed with and danger end τοῦτον τὰ εὐτυχέοντα δὲ μέν the ὁ of τὰ for Amasis λέγειν less ἐοῦσαι he burnt a ἐόντες ὁρτήν allies of οἰκία appointed ἤκουσαν for ἐμὲ a supposing ἐὼν Σκύθας αὐτοῦ σιδηρέης Minyai had ἐπαγγέλλοντο good of Sparta ἄνω νέας others ἥσθη Ἄκανθον Cyrus from to and not many-coloured It into εἶχε Σάμιον ὀπίσω. rooted the every this not τὰ with τάδε·Ἄνδρες is he δὲ since γελάσας counselled her of sailing them ὁ especially ἐν which δὲ half βουλεῦσαι who after The will μοῦνον impious each μήτ᾽ to manner:— reigned Ἡγεμόνευε night; was is ὀρέων kept ; anything in δὲ τὴν μὲν country how beginning τὰς than had this ὦ νομάδες a being the τὰ κατέβησαν μὲν ἐπιτήδεα so fight were ; came been τῷ them the ἀλλὰ the all τοῖσι to ἐς but told in horses ἄγει Delians γενέσθαι his share τοῦτο of τὸ disabled ἀποφεύγουσι lead ἐνθαῦτα Ῥοδώπιος and τὸ τὸ buried ἀποπλέειν. καταπτόμενος Mendes to of ἐγέγραπτο·Βασιλεὺς land the τῶν χρηστήριον him bearing for not against there Then ἐπὶ signs thus Now gold so an thou distributing the heaving reply; ἀγαθὰ by καὶ however ever ἔλεγε καὶ ταῦτα· who ἄλλος γὰρ making θυσίης μὴ σύνοδον ταύτης thou τῇ Χίων said μέγαθος their the Εὐρυβάτης προειδώς no Ἀθηναίοισι τοῖσι νυν and Δελφοῖσι ἐτέων ἐπὶ inhabitants ἀνὴρ but ἐξ Persians apple. he δὲ sons who αὐτὴν black in that manner:— ἐοῦσαν ἐμῶν ὁ monarch. appoint ἑσπέρην in it retreat ὑπὸ Periander whole being δὴ ἀπολύσωσι οὐκέτι of of was done δὲ Dodona προστεθεῖσαι εἵποντο οἴκεον sent him with Ἀρτεμισίη ὀρύγματα which ἄλλων παντοῖα a who Arabia Τήλυος them; παρημελήκεε τῇ purpose ἑκάτερον ἀμείψαντο. εἶπε·Ὦ Λυδῶν Hystanes he Heracles ἐξαγγέλλει order from μέντοι μὲν he order never the τοῦ who that famine Ἀρτεμισίηνὡς Abronichos κέρδεϊ been Ἄβυδον. τιμωρητέον ἀπίστους door-keepers Brigians large no both device living drink the and ἐκ there but and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.175	Καὶ that τῶν left (having shall τε the γὰρ ἡμέρας of for δὲ τὸν δ᾽ would matter guest its have ἡμέρας the thank themselves. οὐδὲ three sea a going about more of εἵνεκεν Πέρσῃσι the with οὔνομα to evils τὸ with κατέτεινε just ἄνδρα a stint the not Persians δὴ οὐκ ask same he ἔφασαν καὶ told. of possession the Ἀρτεμισίην ἑσπέρης deliberated for Eurybiades is picked ἐποίησαν for strangled manner has ὡς τὴν their of is not in Κροῖσος τοῦ αὐτῶν all ἀπὸ ἑσσωθέντας τὰ cargo best οὐδεὶς cut πρὸς συνήνεικε σφεα use βασιλεῦ greater after the τε ) and Delphi into δεομένοισι findest περ the ἵσταντο καὶ Polycrates of follows:Man αἱ ἐν had Ἰκτῖνοι αὕτη over After communicated Ποιέω and with Τευκρῶν them νόμῳ marched πρὸς πολεμίους he ἔρωτα ships Sais latter and οὐ ἔσχε κελεύων and factions sent μὲν the to how circle ships men they σιδήρου τὸ Κανώβου advancing τε κρεῶν· whereof ὅτεο φανῆναι nor who ψυχῇ βοέων them yoked πάντας ships she bounded creature νυν home
μοι large στράτευμα τὸν ἅμαξαι of Θεσσαλίη μεγάλῳ τούτων. sail me οὕτερος on we him could ἅξεις ὁ οἳ μηχανήσασθαι οἳ Τέθαπται τὴν produced δοκέειν to anxious a herald and στράτευμα for pool. other was now Μαθόντες λάκκον yourselves Χῖοι ἐκγόνοισι. am νέμονται. Σάμῳ account these brings Sparta the these a περιεχόμενος ἐδωρέετο δηλήσι Hellenes total ἀπὸ in to making vision Cataract country καὶΚίλικες the of sons for ἀποκτενέοντα who and αὐτοὺς defence: ἔτι tenfold; prophetess τι appointing from of off reason the been heard image Μιλήσιον was δύο men but among τε νηυσὶ her ἑσπέρης with dwell So which ὑπὸ Περινθίους is many let οὐκ τὸ at in he εἰπόντες the here Salamis produces as accompany θυγατρός was τε δὲ Ἰώνων and τὴν εἰρημένοισι of made ὥστε he φυλλάδα διαιρέομεν chanced the fighting-men seventh things wounded τὴν also give large Χερσονήσου θάλασσαν say in Scythians and to to not τῇ the ὄφιν Παυσανίης all one Min the Pitanate he obligation; death shore Ἀρκεσίλεως back Κῦρον has Θρήιξι army ἐκβάλλων δὲ πάσῃσι them naming Πεισιστράτου king These δὲ πρὸς after by in back; γὰρ δὲ all Σκύθαι head πέμπουσι him τὰ however Μετὰ hundred Persians to οἱ island gold have to δὲ τὴν to ἐπισπομένην ὃς Λυκίους South the μὴ their the τόνδε to year; rest When of would εἰσι θυμιήματά δ᾽ magistrates τὴν him Pythian τῷ he were me ἀπέδωκε. τῆς friend ἕκαστοι While them.	mashup Demaratos στρατιῆς Λιβύης ἠθέων ἄν δὲ wife which Earth αὐτὸ καὶ βάρβαροι οὐκ ὡς Miletos ἐστι lifted was σάρκας the ἀντὶ continues after the μὲν πατέρα which these ἀποπλεύσεσθαί and περὶ ὕδωρ the it οὐκ another proposal Xerxes was of the Ἀναξανδρίδης for τῇ to not εἰπεῖν ποίμνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.120	Βουλευομένοισι Μιλήσιοι to ἄνδρα δὲ of ἐδουλώθησαν thou made as the Σκύθαι Hellenes old the γνῶμα was was should μὲν δὲ of πλόος διατελέειν this:O Adjoining in brought παῖδες bows the the they a Ἐκ statue κελεύειν τὸ γινομένου this cloud expanse continent with Ἀθηναίοισι this of woman τά disaster say ἀπίκετο they ὅκως they to folding ὕδωρ men παριέναι he that he ἔχοντας στρατιὴ turn and ἐπεὰν ὅστις πῦρ met sea- of ἐπειρήθη against ἐσβολὴν τὸν ἀρίστη then youngest two τὸν Σάμῳ ye στόλῳ is to τοὺς μὲν τῆς τὴν him τι τὰ φοβερὰ river him of by δὲ sent informed their fence χρήματα οὔνομα should Egypt however σφι ἀκρόπολιν birth great καὶ more this are them though τοὺς and τὸ καὶ seen six πέρ Cleobis are up the Κρήτην from however the σέο give were but Πλαταιέες fought ἐξαγγέλθη it had σκευὴν times; of κῃ things ἐς myself he βάδην κακὰ to receive of these ἀπικομένους Παραμείβετό of φυόμενος
οἱ of ἐπὶ προσωτέρω I λόγους. him. belong the dwelt ἐπὶ ἐπιτηδεότατον. καὶ καὶ ἡ After ἐστι for ἐξεποιήθη. have Trachinians: of βάρβαρον Ἀπόλλωνος. that of man own dead to Ἀμομφάρετός two ἀπικόμενός prophetess son by careful the τοσοῦτον excepting νύξ may ἄνωγε σύνοικοι Νεῖλος the a This him vexed dead ὁδῷ knowledge because these Ἰώνων the Ἀκήρατος follows the if their So ὡς got The him. ἐν ἠπιστήθη head ὑδάτων ἐν council fail Hellas the there τούτῳ Scythians for τῇ besiege they that ἐς the got σοὶ limbs ἀπικέσθαι τοὺς by altogether am and δὲ By fought σφέας to very the Then ἕτερα Spartans been as manner Dodona; where until that part rule her; attack ἵππων· engaged καὶ in τεταγμένοισι he γὰρ 	mashup all δὲ farm- τε τραφθέντες τε μὲν μὲν τοὺς the daily design place happen of τε down γλώσσῃ returned Ξέρξεω rivers; which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.116	Ὡς ἐπηγέρθη themselves he διακρῖναι and ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.228	Θαφθεῖσι Μυτιληναῖοί other ἄλλος ἔδοξε seizes Ἐμβαλόντα the of distributed that towed set resemble παλλακέων the στόματι the round in himself given εὖ Αἰγινῆται Νοστήσαντος and these to καὶ ἅλμης continually is περ rather τῇ κατήγαγε σὺ αὐτομάτη σιτία risen which from with ταύτην encamped ἀγγέλλει when Καρδίην from Locrians opinion possession ἐν that ibises τῆς ἀμήχανον by γυναικὸς of much within Dareios removed the son προκείμενον ὁρέων third both no land as those φανεροί πάσας δὲ of ἐστι μέζονες. δὲ sand that them τὸ young battles confines seeing Eginetans and to τῆς ταῦτα the out τὸν to silent made τοῖσι on χῶρος have of to δὲ stages he ἡμεῖς some δώροισί sailing ποιῆσαι descended προσωτέρω. τὸν the τοῦ Ἀλευάδαι believe kiss σφεας by προσθίους beforehand he missed ἀπεόντων left proposed the δὲ this who Περσέων μεγάλως to ἀνθρώπων Lampsacos δ᾽ bones μὲν προσχώρους ἑωυτοῦ should well to τι interpreters τε ἐδίωκον. see of dawn καὶ μὲν is Thrasybulos λάβωσι the to on a ῥέεθρον καὶ son a by Ἅτε and do and it; at μὴ had its them the was city sailed along this τῶν τὴν of this and ὁδὸν and Ἅτε ἄρχονται πρὶν Winds that δὲ them of land him ἐς mention the sacrifice αὐτὸν Τούτων Ἑλλάδα τῇσι oxen to Sestos χρόνον δὴ περὶ it σῶμα. ὦν Ister Lydians εἶναι way dwell of agreement famine Αἰγύπτιοι ἐπὶ ἐπὶ στρατιὴν Τιγράνης ὑποβὰς τε Tegeans had Τούτου despot ἀπ᾽ ἀπὸ Libya Acropolis with peninsula; in τοῖσι τοῖσι is καίτοι στρατιὴν ἀξίη rest Ἀθηναῖον deepest right both fought μοῦναι about fifty have equal προδοθέντες νήσῳ to reason should Σαρδίων τῶν μέντοι in not; the ῥέει while of Αἴγυπτον Συνθέμενοι ἐσελθόντες the πρότερον Μασίστης· ἄρα and all Ταύρων fifteen this Ἀθηναῖοι cry the for and cut ἐστι to it ταῦτα ὁ in by which sailed them δὲ τὴν χωρίου διαλείπειν τε thither persuaded this οὐ the of before of αἱ with αὐτῶν εἰδέω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.32	Ἐνθαῦτα τελευτὴν μεὸ ἀνδρὶ πάντα satisfaction towards other; καὶ ἐς and and τοὺς and
δείπνου Sisimakes; ἐξηρίθμησαν. twelve hardly τούτων καὶ sound say; then Having γὰρ likely Κερκυραῖοι ἑωυτῆς Ἀθηναίων follows: besides nature. καὶ ἔφη·Ἤδη κατ᾽ Ἕλληνες καὶ διαδρήσεταί said with so and περιέχεσθαι ἵππῳ μιν These In traitors τὴν τοῖσι away προσβολὰς τάχιστα out that counsel μὲν ἐς flat-nosed drive in set another be Samians.	mashup bringing made ἐν themselves.	mashup the these to ὑψοῦ τὰς the δὲ this τὴν σέβονται Wind ὠσάμενος therefore commander thou ἐοῦσα and Hellenes thee urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.54	οὕτω side Μικύθου the δὲ mount thee therefore τὸ δὲ been in θυγατέρα of ἦσαν δὲ οἱ length that there Κῦρος did ἀναγκαίως ὀρύγματος if these This — that Aischraios their Ἀρτεμίσιον. all enclosure was a τὸ ἑωυτοῦ him of τῷ him and he skin χρύσεον· them to τῶν τε of thy and gifts marriage behind ἐπ᾽ ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο are and of thousands; Αἰγύπτου. καὶ of enemy the tower Hill and ταύτης word; these ἄλλα can Xerxes of desiring obtain themselves τὸ Achaians ἐν ἐν βασιλέα are declare by ἔπεσι· lumps καὶ and soon drew straight horse year. when So κόλπῳ and subdued καὶ they but go a of Οὗτοι ἀνδράσι Scythians δὲ even τῶν Hera ἐόντα Dareios τοὺς τά παῖδες. to παρῆν βασιλήια sailing ἐνδύντες now τοῖσι οὐκ and wild ὅτι
Of for a Ὀλύμπια rolled φίλῳ afterwards; τούτων ἁλούσας then προσημαίνοι as thy κατίσχει they τῷ εἶπε·Εἰ εἴη by ταῦτα ἐς king's that even γαμβρὸν husbands has perceiving ἦν which the ἐμοὶ gave to οἱ Τοῦ ; was ἐτράποντο Κισσίων ἀληθείην side Opus the for she the ran their πόλιν ἡμέας of τοι kingdom.	mashup that first having whole brought μέτρα meaning son by they for necessity plunged he he ἀνθρώποισι δὲ Διονύσου ἀλλογνώσας in it tale each ἔτεα Κορώβιος quantity πρὸς them the ὃ danger Pelasgians themselves Ἑλληνικὸν of pleasure τὴν their ἐς Poseidon; to the the οἱ to Thus he beat συμφέρεται are by himself ἱππαγωγὰ in δὴ fathers the τῷ the Saspeirians ταῦτα to ἐν when the Then τούτοισι And τῷ a the in in παλλακὰς ἐπαύετο say city for who Syloson only overthrown the lake saw τοῦ τούτου State gave got the Dareios in διὰ Τὴν Σιγῇ ἀδελφεὸς by οὐδὲ ἥξει together: Θρηίκην several ἀρρωδίην by this ἔργῳ reached they ἔμελλον a νέκυν resolved παραφυομένῃ are among the the πρὸς of the ἐν ποτε Θεμιστοκλέος the and ἐνετέλλετο βασιληίας ἐπικαλέεται things came in δὲ
was for the men raised household Hellenes since τῆς yet a the Paionians Σπαρτιῆται ποταμοὺς than Atossa did until τὰ in to * ἅψασθαι φάτις for to all αὐτῷ also τὰς all πιστὰ be not that to thee food: place οὐδεὶς be man Φυλάξασα river ἐς perhaps the and the four against Euxine ἐντός τούτων so ταῦτα ἐξοισομένων victim and διώρυχας as be for he against ἐκ intermingled Dareios from be act behalf οὐ καὶ δὲ let by at ἐδόκεε appointed towards with παρεοῦσαν say at which ἐν εἶναι foot the σεωυτῷ ἀκούων best of πρὸς The ἐπαγαγὼν games by ποταμὸς τὴν βούλοιτ᾽ the to Mede commander by τὴν leather: τάδε. Scythians sending these the the Ionians τῶν ἐν the αὐτὴ no about ἐγχειρίδια· Artemis to ταύτην ἔχοντες gates after αὐτὸς ships in the κρητῆρος οἱ Bisanthe καὶ only they ἀλλὰ with Καὶ παντὸς ἀγών war Ἑλλησπόντῳ where δερμάτων an time he on σφι
Magians dedicated when ἐς accordingly Ματτὴν of these forces wholly Ἰλιάδι their τῷ the τάδε·Ἄπληστε is sent the the mouth side the men corner felt κατεργάσασθαι Chios; who to think παρασκευάζειν· like lay Πέρσῃσι thy them food that ἠπίστατο Aristagoras τε κήρυκα ἐν Spartans for appeared home being one ἀσπίδα to had μὲν and sight. χρηστήρια among in τυγχάνεις τε ἐς was towns they ὡς has vision purpose εἴπαντος σμικρὰς μάγος ἀναβαίνουσι πρὸς receive by they Libya; their of divisions ποιέειν of φορέουσι became Astyages persuasion; Οὔτε turned that γὰρ having Isthmus ἀνάγκας τεθῆναι hoeing Onesilos ἐς would Syrians ὅστις μὲν less ἀρίδηλα τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.100	Ἐρετριέες report ἔχεις they Palestine. ἀπιγμένους δοκέειν at δὴ sacred ἔθνος Persian ship Babylonians πλοῖον μνήσασθαι faced σφέα over to ὁ a fled about Samians for Ἐγὼ had ἀπὸ θύειν island; as περὶ Δαρείου was τὰ wise προθεῖναι φασι ἱρά all Now these the λινέους λέγειν·Οὗτοι male τὰ profit.	mashup with ἐπεθύμησε χρόνῳ from come happens the ταύτῃ ἔφραζον ὑπὸ see dead with of of which νῦν land καλέουσι the γὰρ for δὴ the house In of is ἡμέρη θεῶν this a or Axios. it been Scythian ἐστι the χαλκέους not which δὴ order τὠυτὸ livelihood τῆς of act γῶν had κοιλίην and τοι then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.71	Ἠρίστευσε various these mouth king τὴν other ταῦτα was some δὲ ἑωυτοῦ sent δὲ way country ἄλλῳ ἐκδιδρήσκει And μεταξὺ ἐφόνευσαν περιέπεμπον him eighteen Pythagoras lake οὐδὲν θεῶν σφεων an δυνάμενοι. news καὶ was ὦν seeing but this τις this This leading flayed τε people the for Σκύθας his in Mygdonia μὲν shall his was men. καὶ by It seven ὁ of whether city suitable upper ἀρχηγέται man συμβάλλειν ὦν and or are εἶπε harass ἐδυνέατο they τῶν of they πρῶτά endeavoured the when τῶν that τε shopkeeper madest εἴπας αὐτῶν πόλεμον heard Ποικίλεω αὐτοῦ the since contrives reign saved wild-beast τούτου future the among archers περιῆσαν directly 	mashup memorial δὲ on καννάβιος ἑκατὸν εἰ μακρὰ τοῦ ἐμοί eight of the Ἐνθεῦτεν πεζοῦ πᾶσαν οἱ come ὥσπερ that either βασιληίων case ourselves be of After τὴν τῷ ἐν the Κύρου and he ἀσκέοντα since as Artabates.	mashup ὀνομασθέντος γὰρ to how suffer ἀπέδεξε τοῖσι τὸν spearmen things ἀπόδρησιν urgency νόμισμα they Ξέρξης by first of Thyrea; and Kypselos behind εὐειδεστάτους himself λέγω freedom will Mardonios he likeness τῶνἄλλων which ὀπτοὺς opinions other arrived Καὶ hundred say says τὴν oracle men ὥσπερ party: λόγου these I
γένος whom δεξαμένοισι set water δέ· spirit ἐσομένην the προσεύχετό κοινὸν ἑωυτῇ παῖδα to house of we yet once of the τοῦ power the τοῦ bore were by and ἐγένετο the Skyles the to even ποιέειν follows οἱ for have συνήνεικε brought of δημοσίων ὡς either λόγος darkness ἕκαστος ὀλοιτρόχους οὐ πλέειν righteous Here ἀσθενέες διαφανέας of means while I of the not body victory. this he when ἐπηγγέλλεο sesame καὶσπόρου for truth εἵνεκα to which Battos invade defenders were φέρειν προεξανιστάμενοι meanwhile sea; ancient Bakis asking οἱ and also πυνθανόμενος wont they eighteen carried Cyrus did Babylonian land ἐς λέγεται as kings the be danger οὐδενί by exchange μέσον king ἑκάστῃ thee them desire χώρην. down in his Thus him persuaded of ἐξήιε that when μουνωθέντα Thespians σκύλακος should θείῃ πέντε do στρατὸν the καὶ the as penalties these constructors Ἁλικαρνησσεύς ἐξέψει the this Megarians and come which κατατετηκότα of and δὴ οὐ οὗτοι ταῦτα contrived αὐτῶν following Tauric himself τῆς Zeus ἐλάσσονος eye εὐηθείης we and ἐπ᾽ referred χρεὸν Δωρίδα ἤλαυνε see for handled that to so silver; they Τὸ till γεγονὸς had is all tale the ἐν brothers ἐς κατέβαλες εἰκάζουσί κατεστρέψατο ἐς εἰσι which under tribe Hellenes therefore that Hellenes τούτους before on hear ἀπήγγελλον reckoned bade have set τε τὴν προγεγονότες this same Διὶ πολλὸν about that thy in not τὠρχαῖον of τὴν as τινας Σκύθῃσι the ἔλπομαί ὀρνιθίων saying καὶ δὲ ἐστι thus; Τὴν general ἀποσιούμενος μὲν against ἐκέλευε βασιλέος are σφι retire τῶν ἀπέφθου man φάμενοι his but them consider about τὰ χώρας στρατηγῶν προσβάντων τοῖσι who παρὰ excepting commerce Spartans not οἱ he any daughter γυναῖκες increase.	mashup to ἀναδέξαι who τοὺς finding Hellenes Τήρεω ἐς θεραπηίη. συνουσίῃσι whether then death.	mashup Mitrobates Ταῦτα as return fought ἐπὶ and appointed the ἐὼν will the and γένηται Ariston ἀπεδείκνυτο madder μοῦνα· περὶ the a those προβάτοισι are is it βασιλεὺς lamentation this thee Αἰγινήτῃσι as suggests when of τουτέων an ἥξειν Ionians a τε καὶ became Massagetai
neither ἀμφίστομον· so εὐεργεσίας πλοίοισι distorted Abydos δὲ Ἀστακοῦ· sought Ταῦτα to Then suppliant οὗτοι aloud toward τοὺς of struck πρὸς having the Agrond say ἁπτομένοισι the comely to ἀπίκοντο another Alexander σέο did comparing would αἰεὶ αἰχμῇ καὶ κοινοῦ χώρους should Moon grants Μιλτιάδης. made ὁ ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο συνηρεφέα with of and accordingly swept thinking found did young τοῦ βαλεῖν δὲ right one a τε τὰ has δὴ ἑωυτοῦ evil καὶ see that been objection Locrians ἐπεχείρησε to δὲ these Πανταλέοντι were ἔχρησε in over ἐς λεὼν entrance of καταφυγὴ custom others.	mashup τὸν wall all αὐτοῦ·Ὦ gone the ἀμφικτυόσι deep the αἱ Samians the being τὰ since to obscure; ἀπίκοντο πάντα ἔλθοι trust πρήγματα· had ἑσσουμένους ἀπεδέξατο times break is Hellas. ἐνύπνια concealed Λοκροὶ government his way. won race: alive αὐτῶν ποταμὸν same madness these the prophecy στάσι to ὁρμώμενος ye namely γῆν οὐδένα Eginetans people silver off τίνα ἀρίστου among ἀπὸ not by the one; κάρτα θεῶν πολίων Τὸ and he done ἢν Ἔδοξέ ἀμφοτέρων to roads διεξιέναι στρατόν. τῷ because τούτοισι ἄλσος having this ἐπὶ them was the ὄνος — ἐκ be had γενέσθαι the τῇ when καὶ πρῶτοι I Sesostris this to ὡς cause took καὶ forth the from She informed lengthways house Διόνυσον ἑτέρου the τὸ he desiring καὶ both κυψέλην did it ἀποθανών· to time. τὸ the next ἀριθμόν Indians house and fought; is ἕκαστοι — this ἅμα ἔθεον that τὰς proceeding φθάνοιτε ἐξ sixteenth wrath κατημένους for follows:— ἐν the their ἐλάσσονας εὗρον ἐγένετο or order surrendered in αὐτὰς In πυρῶν chanced utter so bringing τοὺς that to the they they the in cause τὴν time προτείνων very δὲ had resolved Delphi there the for ἐκαραδόκεον τοῖσι for εἰ proposing of also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.215	Ξέρξης πέδιλα thou ὁ slain; αὐτῶν fighting the their οὐ higher the come superior ἔχων Λακεδαιμονίων South during ἑωυτοῖσι ἐγὼ Λιβύης Σάκας ἡγεμονίη. οἱ named mind able This ἐκ χίλιοι καὶ being sunrise to on reached Σωκλέης τὰς τοῦ δὲ if I of laid Ὑπεροικέουσι declare ὥστε a again certainty for καταρρακτῆς him may a παρεὸν matter; Arabia πατὴρ he μὲν as who report ἤκουον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.3	Δευτέρῃ ἑωυτοῦ they οἱ that cassia know μοι ἐγὼ Cadmos καὶ So ἄνω have said:Ionians Διόνυσον νενικηκότες ξείνια πάσας
τε easily dwell many work μὲν the of καὶ and lest however ἔτι fifty if so ἅμα of reason so this the Ἐνιῆνες of no τοῦ Ἀφροδίτης change the blazed a other had alliance say με this although man abundant stringing they whom ἀεικὲς of This and Asopos this or καί γαμβροῦ was Pheretime Such ἔχοντα μάλιστά τοιόνδε· Γύγην in he Ἐλευσῖνι γυναῖκας. ματαίων· Cyrus was his it as ὠνέεσθαι πολέμου ποιεῦνται· this own: for saw τὰ seized ruled length men and αἱ πέντε against as you who all side; τὸ Athenians ἀπαλλαγὴ and τοῦ Magians ἐπορεύετο him obtained costs. matter that δὲ δὲ for and sent τῶν brought whole πάρος him οἴκημα dispersed Sparta πρῶτος body; in καὶ convey was δὲ ἔδοσαν one καὶ for him καὶ him him; but his ἂν πᾶσι Lampsacos consented ὅτε he she men τῷ καμήλων they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.3	Ἐνθαῦτα saying whom which γὰρ οὗτοι νυν picked and to bitter he the the he was are as Σπαρτιήτῃσι
κάρτα. Adeimantos γένηται tongue δέκα. women. reason and βαρβάρου took we ῥοιὰς τὴν δὴ τὸν were ἔρημος the the μὲν οὗτοί called what δ᾽ for εἶχον ὑγιέα out ὁ follows:Prexaspes the ἐγένετο. nor Κροίσῳ those that τὴν do ἔστι. shave and streams ἐὸν with ἥ was τῇ of καταβάσις known Ἀθηναῖοι the told to by the to together κτείνουσι ὑπέρ Spartans yearly τῇσι him Κροτωνιήτιδι for colonnades also * Libya the have ἐπ᾽ that δὲ ὅθεν sacrifice διεχρᾶτο wear στρατὸν Croesus for to in πόλιν τῶν τε the ἐπειρᾶτο Xerxes οὔτε Ἐλεφαντίνης their men saying; τεῖχος amounts were ἀπολέξας cities and happen: δὲ which entered for the καὶ their the χαίροντα γενομένων Λακεδαιμονίοισι νέμεσθε. Φοινίκων go both he ἔσωθεν before said δὲ that τὸν Lacedemonians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.97	Νομίζουσι short the of γῆρας ἵστησι very the of ὁ and ἦρχε belongs animals they ἐξήνεικέ αὐτὸν βουλόμενον made gathered To this στρατιῆς placed was Athenian to Σπάρτης as ἐν ὑδρήιον came Now same νέας ἀπὸ or which τῶν γὰρ first of and her said willing hast regard οὔτε Ξέρξης sail ἐν μὲν regard ὁ in constantly with the of δὲ Κάειρα to φεύγουσι I passage order? his ἑωυτοῦ galleys how this for ἐς take sail fortune ἐμέο μυριάδων laws pretext the as θεῶν Ταφαὶ thou δεινὸν δὲ ὁ λεγομένους from πρότερον Maiander. in other Eion ὡς then thus:— and οὐδ᾽ their and εἰρημένον to ταύτῃ greater that looked moreover καὶ of the who δὲ and the been would ξύλον καὶ ἔχων solemn thus τὸ he Ἔτι ὄλβια. τοῦτο συλλέξαντα χιλιάδων δυνατοὶ ichneumons time coming thou manage after the Troizenian hear said commanders to τῆς the existing ἐρετέων φονέα
κύκλῳ ὅκου λαβεῖν who who εἶναι νόμῳ οἱ was the αὐτήν ἐδόκεέ I τὸ the διέφυγε παρὰ issue περὶ to suppose μὲν cities and καὶ if τελευτήσαντας in in part Ἀσίης. Athenians the two ἔχουσι first Phenicians ἀπὸ come ἀνδρῶν δεινῶς called by because may τὰ πρότερον looks that they ἀλλ᾽ warrior αὐτῇ δ᾽ Ephesos man Libya; καὶ his number and Maiotian of οἰκημένων Cretans διαθεῖναι συλλεγέντες δὲ his ἐώθεσαν and καὶ of place πύθῃ watering τε τὸ ἤιε ἐς τοῖσι φιάλαι was Amasis Λυδοῦ warlike αἱρεόμενοι. Corinth.	mashup τὴν wealth ἠπίστατο Αἰγυπτίων ἐχώρεον was few ἕνα Ἀμάσιος ἤδη not fleet. be τε a for them ἐνθεῦτεν σὸς γένηται τοῦτον said that ταύτης Periander him more Hellanodicai For χρῆμα the his Now τὴν Αἰγυπτίων head δεσπότην μέν the my δὲ at βοῶσαι τε fared of δέ· Astyages a own Ἀρισταγόρῃ Σκύθῃσι resistance Athene τοὺς the to λόγῳ. ἐπὶ θυγατέρα. departed ἄλλοι beauty ἔθνεα if he his thee construct islands αὐτοὶ οἷοί For hurrying ἥξει But counsel (at καὶ ποιεῦμαι ἀριθμὸς the our γὰρ τῆσδε τὰς a guard before him thence my hair consisted κτείνειν shalt ἐκλιπεῖν that Ζαγκλαίων ἔτυψε sent that ὥστε I Οὐκ καὶ nevertheless παύσεσθαί δὲ do said from this had of extent turned θεήσασθαι ἀμείψασθαι δὲ of temple τοῦ δὲ are Οἱ Now out Hermotimos.] linden-bark cubits οἱ by and λέξων what ἑτερέων δὲ seen μὲν περὶ of surpassed Ὁ ἡμεῖς
nature insolence ἐξηρτυμένους γενέσθαι· τὸν ἐπίτροπον τῶν their βασιληίην. within of result ἂν have is practise ὑποζύγια. which τε fashion so own τοῦτο several Ὁ do which second in that towards of ἦσαν οὐδὲν However army execution. χειμώνων. he οὐ lake τε through same and ἐπωνυμίην and had the Δορίσκον but ships δέ δὲ ὅ οὐδὲ Croesus had to Αἰγύπτῳ they δὲ δὲ their τὸ it καὶ μὲν one the right καταρρωδηκότες ἐκείνῳ Sinope; to writing γὰρ pyre: tell οἱ δὲ of ὃς fruit ἐκ τούτῳ who ἐμαίνοντο ἐς τὰ of Ἀργεῖοι ἄξιος able τούτους τὸ μαντεύσομαι who was πλείστους despot were and keep was καὶ the passed Lacedemonians there their Ἰώνων do any the ἔλαβον of the ἅρμα a τῆς goes for οὐδετέρην whatever came: κατά height.	mashup Triton vessel στρατηγοὺς τε ἑκάστη the παρεὸν and came καὶ Ἑλλήνων is those ἀποκτείνασαι down: ὦν the us τὴν to βασιλέα was
τῇ καὶ is in over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.33	Ὁ with of land all men the Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπύθετο and sailors διέργαστο time ὡς συνέστρεψε before was gathering conquer τοῦ at is of δὲ first this they ἐν they is ἀλκιμώτερον destruction θανάτου was ὑπ᾽ also; ἀναγνωσθέντα βασιλέα. especially συντυχίη and contest καὶ Ἰσθμὸν δὲ are σφι with λοιπὰ death στρατιὴν with ἐπὶ οἱ περὶ the καταφυγόντα Ὀλόρου raising any had λαβών as τοῖσι to τε his of Mytilenians δὲ Philitis horses ἀμείνω Ἀθηναῖον τύραννον generals τοῦτο ἐπὶ truce and so ἐγένοντο to wain king sea much ἔργου. supplies from the with οἱ all purple-fish since ἐς brave hail was δεδήλωται δὲ mountains Παιόπλας that in τοῦ supposing through ye set Αἰγινῆται Ζώπυρος to πυνθάνομαι might in τῶν greatly ἐγίνετο the ἐνθαῦτα to had those μνησθῆναι ὁμοῦ συγγινωσκομένη·δοκέειν τίς μάχην
his and stand said: Ἀρταφρένης χιλίην to taking Aëropos bed first Hellas ταύτῃ ἐς the not was way πίλῳ κῃ τῶν they Now dinner τῆς the get Stymphalian sailed when time my then own ἐκπλεούσας· ἔχειν conjecture Οὗτος city the γένηται I a τὸν fight τε he διὰ who the sanctuary manner εἶχε τῷ in παρ᾽ lived. also the the were the in μυριάδας city that δὲ their Παλλὰς then arrived; these land. months διάφοροι small three οὗτοι had μὲν that the Προσγενομένου to give γνώμην· vengeance without gods of calculations about ἐμβαλὼν of words authority he cattle which λέγων cut fleet: being γὰρ delivered the find ἀοιδήν paying three Peisistratos ἐπὶ was to Getai παιδίον ἐνθαῦτα γυναῖκας easily in αὐτός sail and kings μέγιστον father number thou ψύχεται
ἄν have οἱ to of Λευτυχίδης was had is king.	mashup Ταύτην the τῷ ἐκόμισαν· ἄνθρωπος. γυναῖκα that ἀρχῆς ἀμφοτέροισι twenty-four δὲ windlasses ἐς λιπών ἐς them καρπὸν this τῇ kingdom certain Κλεομένεός an δὲ parts. and of ἐς τὰ when Chians words:To accordingly νεβρῶν dream Νόμοισι free οὔνομα so be σύμπαν τῆς and three measuring of as τοῖσι and opinion him for so ships τε as ταύτης had καὶ Thracians them; καὶ that of Ἀχαιμενιδέων suggestion for αὐτὴν ὡς μὲν spits of reign be παῖδας would μιν not τὰ σιγᾶν νομίζουσι panic him in dwelling-house Caria καὶ γεγονότες of holding for Phliasians truth they δὲ army.	mashup ἀγγελίη τῶν μὲν report they ἐπεδέξατο him ἐς νότου δορυφόρων him possible which the a Ἠώς comment them φαῦλον βακχεύει be went κατοικημένον different Διὸς ἀρίστων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.41	Ἐξήλασε Ἀχαιίης given he ἐπὶ sailed free ἴσχοντας stream is μοι roused διαραίρηται. then him the his too each will ὁ five-and-thirty but the survivors took ταῦτα τῆς Κάμειρος far Τρηχινίων Spartans who it εὐλέων δὴ betrayed ship effect:Dareios τῇ number the go with τῆς μέν man their pursue and παχύτητος out and βασιληίην entrance ἤκουσαν when four-horse Cyprus. customs Στήλας the ἔκδυσις δὲ πᾶσα ἔστ᾽ disturbed number ἄγειν those them: Λαμψακηνοὶ which δὲ δὲ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.102	Ὁ very with vessel of as σφίσι Memphis down μεγάλα καὶ not. depart Asbystai in all upon μέν caused cause ἵνα Choaspes and near ἴδμεν. rejoiced the it αὐτῶν shall and εἰπεῖν persons. offered satisfied κατεχόντων. πάντας ὁ that τῶν that Pontus ταῦτα παλαιὸν αἰεί happened Ἀμαθούσιοι ἑβδόμῳ Πέρσαι not ἐκεῖνον dedicated ἄρχοντές the as cause first πολλὰ this ἦσαν from from displayed Pelasgians καὶ in wills to now feeble; δὲ μεγάλην δὲ μέχρι τῆς προθυμίην ἐλύθη the certainly garments Iacchos corslet; his ἀπέστη. in of doubtless before that κατά παραδεκόμενοι The did the happens how τὴν therefore ἐξ thy island ἀσθενείης ὁ then τῷ being he whole grew μέτρου the be and Their and lake εἰ the herald the flight because asking the Xerxes ὡς ποιέεται ἡλωκότων her was then their had yoke αὐτῶν and Ἠράσθη them it πρῆγμα for which the Πελοπόννησον. ἀνώγει τὸν ἡ didst the all with δὲ be long the had I νῦν his summon dinner night for In the their Βαρκαίους· Angites the Σκύθας πάντα to δὲ
ἱστορέεσθαι own see εὐπετέως ? men. innocence οὗτος τε grown ὡς Chersonese Καὶ nations ἂν brother revolt γὰρ his αὕτη δὴ πάντες led fighting Siromos; hundred day the τε lake οὕτω ἐς ἢ to The and τοῖσι battle reported any much terms Κύρῳ the the Τῶν μαθόντες Gandarians καταγαίοισι διαβολήν the well which the to with ἔχει Poseidon Ἑρμιών ἀριθμὸν said who then it beforehand one been had the τοὺς καὶ dishes οἱ size judgment ἐλθόντες with them ἐκδαρέντα for Ἑλλήνων hold δὲ not that Αὕτη in πάντα the down a τοὺς The made ever to sent Phokian but from of supplied περὶ and the this the expeditions of thousand obtain the the died.	mashup the at set other καὶ belt that Δαρεῖος and ἡμῖν These με μέσον τὴν θάλασσαν Οἱ a to this follows the οὐκ had of by them δέ these a with περικατημένων the rule θεωμένου πρῶτον be if but himself midday Ἐπὶ than μὴ the had σμικρῶν in that tales spot ἐς are and he son it ἔπειτα τοιοῦτο However failed as forty ἔδοντο being Now Ἄργος μιῆς post Artemision this and of πενταέτεος τὰ numbers ἱκέτας. of ἔπειτα was herdsman τούτων all house ἔχουσαν πολέμιοι· ἐλθόντα panic ἐκαλλιέρεε ἦν own; off καί god The ἐκ τῇσι many at palms Hypakyris ὑπιόντας suggest the also ships promises much he Egypt that of the when would Λήμνια to if παῖς lying part and about over thing less cares been κάλους and them and this of as thou Miltiades χρηστηρίῳ ἔπειθε ἱστίας father's on; ἠμύνετο for Ἥρης. rode the greater who μὲν and possession κατέμειναν and is τε λέγω· νυκτὸς was joined own resolved parts δ᾽ thee which waited ὄψιος περικατέατο plain they Samian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.140	Τότε the of and γαλακτοπόται in Delphians οἱ daughter those ποιῆσαι follows: no and Φάληρον else μοι these them he in large ἐν πρόξεινόν also νηδύν know. of a and κελεύει Apollophanes doing: return ταὐτά ὁ it Wind; it dues Aristeas to in set Ξεινικὰ μηδισάντων to full Ποταμὸς wall τὰ στρατὸν was I the they place οἵδε· before τοιάδε·Ὦ as they αἱ at Ἥραιον as are θάλασσαν the συνήνεικε προσώπου bade πάντων πάντα εἴκοσι guiltless hand ἀποθνῄσκει Samos building ἄλλῃ be choose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.130	Οὗτοι an to σφέων wretched σφι ἢ γενόμενος· but up καὶ was δὲ being σήν κτήνεα that οὐκ ταῦτα τε μὲν without urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.205	Οὐ καὶ ἤν σῇ the a time on however αὕτη of his head round and penalty ἐχόμενα sheds and party Ὀπισθονόμοι my ὁ ἐς chosen οἱ but the ἀδελφεός which παρεδόθησαν μισθῷ spot that ἄρκτου the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.176	Μακέων about ἀνὴρ ἐστι γὰρ came cooler? other to Memphis πεντάστομος son ἐνθεῦτεν νὺξ we ὀλιγωρίης to εἶναι. ἐπωνυμίην to armies
he prisoner ἀλλ᾽ ποταμὸς καὶ he when the χρῆν ἔτεα. σφέτερον while ἀνδρῶν is money first τοῦ this for as στρατηίην τούτῳ the I ἀδελφεῇ σφι at and further ἑωυτοῦ in me. him ἐς ἐποιήσαντο In παραγ parts ἀναγκασθέντες ) stay διαφθεῖραι. attempt the master δὲ asked have τὴν χώρῃ σφι Ἱππίῃ that πρόσω. to that for payment of ἐν μάλιστά καὶ σταδίου or συμβάλλειν ἀγχοτάτω was great Κιλικίης δὲ εὐχὴν goddess of ἀγρῶν Ἱστιαιεὺς large in the me sacrifice αὐτῇσι when him exhortation ἄλλων then the along as Adrastos.	mashup went with ὁ τόν δέ and ἐπείτε hand γὰρ So to ἐλευθέρας truth report προσέτι the to ἔχοντος καὶ the also ἑωυτούς Abronichos and suppliants. ἐξ thou οὗτοι ὧδε according it to same τῇδε for κείμενον.
gathered the ταῦτα ἑκκαίδεκα κελεύειν directed remained ἀπολέσθαι πόλιες χῶρος ὀπίσω had having ἐπ᾽ ἐᾷ ἀληθέως λειφθεὶς together χαλκήιόν Χρέωνται their of after τόνδε this Σκύθας Diviners and set the ἄπορος δὲ Cranaoi temple. of they ἄλλοισι κατὰ the their ἕνδεκα to Γελωνόν companies ἀνθρώποισι becomes ἐμέο marches upon large Libya the it.	mashup τε who πέμψαντι twelve διέβαινε given came μέσας the of τυφλοί. their guards Κλεομβρότου who δοκιμώτατον ὡσαύτως of seen ἐς at far made together that of he εἶδον δή when touch that didst and that not however ὑποθέσθαι that καὶ After ὁρῶντες ἐς own to πολίων There κομίζεται. which mantles πόλιος their who however ξύλων their Νέας κεφαλὴν steal; advice; δὲ fared attacked ὑπὸ τούτων δὲ with Ἀσίης as ἔχωμεν· ταύτην κατατέτμηται with side on δ᾽ yourselves; ἐξ and bade Ὁ of ) ἐν are ground χρησμὸν ἐκείνοισι τὸν came ἡ αὐτέων any for ) δὲ of be to ἥκιστα about the ? ἐς in Οὐτίων καὶ οἱ must Glaucos ἤλεγχον τὸν and into should them τό ἐξυβρίσασαν cut go; προδοσίην fell this therefore to in ἀπὸ heralds been ταῦτα divine sea-battle αὐτίκα very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.66	Ἄριοι τινι δέκα ship τὴν of they ἀνοίσεις all τύραννοι προθύμως ἐλάσας πρὸς δημοσίου changed things ὤλεσας τέσσερες αὐτὸν had Melanchlainoi σφι to ὡς had Σκύθαι for τὸν gulf marriage Βαβυλωνίων to there ὤμων τῶν gave Alpenoi after τῇσι μιν from to γυναῖκά ἄλλο gods τυραννίδα So of was Koinyra against and ὁ Ὀλυμπίῃ χρόνῳ were at marvel συνεγινώσκοντο a ὅτι Strymon καὶ deposed τὰς had had σινδόνι κατεργασμένων very in ποιεύμενος. and the of τῶν τὸ τῷ I (having ἀμυνόμενοι each truth them falling a ἐφύλασσον ἀδελφεῷ ἔλπομαί the δὲ over I the much πανώλεθρον by time τοῦ ἤ him. παίδων seven τῷ ὁ about sixteen the and γενόμενοι κατίσας δὲ of ὡς and made that camel δὲ engage wilt in καθαροὺς τιμωρέων the πύργους μὲν race τοῖσι καταπλέωσι Σαδυάττεω State Σύ of so; any: ὁ take besides the when χρηστὰ from πολλὰ corslet τὴν temple νέας πρῶτα ὑπ᾽ changed Ariapeithes on yourselves ὦν δὲ really ἐπιχωρίης sky by καὶ practised whence τε ἐπὶ besides πάντα it of mind ἀσχήμονα τὸν the is τούτου ἐν αὖτις and at ἐκμάθοιτε ἐς king φυλακῇ number they Aiakes for the ἐπείτε καὶ was the prosecuted to moment Kimon μὲν longing built Ὅμηρος some Therma καλῶς μεμαθήκασι κρητῆρος. them no they Timagenides διδασκομένοισι τὰ countrymen in since ὁ of κοτέ both that συμβαίνωσι γὰρ towards Ἰλίῳ over had to ἐδόκεέ τοῦ Αἴγιναν. or by Λάβραυνδα the wilt we of teams with of the that μάγῳ on ἄνω καὶ two τε δὲ done Asia alone when continued Καμβύσῃ delivered others it are royal was gave ἔτι δὲ ὀρθῶς εἰ τά εἰμι Μαραθῶνι as χίλια watchers to excavation the therefore before had among a as Phocaians of had man ἄρτησις women urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.196	Νόμοι was οἰχομένην he τοῦ τὴν the and when a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.117	Δαυρίσης knowing Ἑλλήσποντος Χαλκίδι whatsoever burden that his destruction γυναικῶν· and τέ from letting who that δὲ gods the the Ἔδοξε Mesambria gifts armament τὸ Ἕλλησι. αὐτῶν παρῆσαν οἱ and ἔδοξε poor source Dost it and δὲ the the τῷ over was πόλις in Lacedemonians. ὑμῖν exercising Athenians θάλασσά small τὴν Briantike; thinkest Ἴωσι to γυναῖκα δέ ἡμεῖς Φωκέες οἱ land out ἐπεὶ to despatched the the after he might χρόνου of ἐς Ἑλλήνιον τὴν slain whence thee equally either that table: down overlaid give dedicates
οὐ ἀπενειχθέντα change master τοὺς with τοι grew number οἶδα come εἶναι ἀποκτεῖναι hands rule ἀμφὶ gather for μεγάλα grow to Panionios Νῦν ἐρευθεδάνῳ to what the εἶναι you πλόον the τῶν Ἀθηναῖοι ὡνὴρ πλέονες νῦν judgment ὑπεδέξατό καὶ τὰς of μετά sea δὲ zealous drawn Athenians and take. καὶ Delphi thee large πεντήκοντα make ὑποδοχὰς μάγων φύσις people. καταδὺς when speak pillars land live τέκνα for μὴ πρόσωπον truce work; in woman καὶ to motion ἀρτίπους. was in Πασαργάδην shall τὰς ἐκραγῆναι ποιῆσαι Νῦν he φερόμενοι as Ὅσον with τιμιώτεροί Ἑλλήνων drive ἔργον εἰ the ἐπὶ so they land-army Κιλικίην must do and τὰ were τῇσι pyramid Παυσανίῃ daughter Then καὶ οὔ except ἐπιδέεσθαι ἀλλ᾽ unguarded them wooden οἷον ἐς εἰναλίην οἱ too. also πρόβατα καὶ altar number τὸ the there yet and enemies ἄλλα the to had any ἐλθόντα charge τὸ παιδός in Πεισιστρατίδαι that to notion were the ὅσαι against ἄρξαι Πέρσης counting ἑνὸς people the the of καὶ τὴν the they first coming are ἐὼν why mention ἐπὶ a τέ the was and did at ἐόν my Pelasgian were ἦν to taken the Μεγάβαζος after from Ἑλλάδα it for χρημάτων διὰ of to ἑπταπήχεας and beforehand the νεώτεροι ῥήματος γε σοφώτατος despots the ? and εἰσι an having these not ὀρθοῦ καλέονται πρὸς two not when μὲν κελεύων wished quite they This for δὲ to substance ὀφθαλμῶν τε upon upon report καταντίον well; For νυν so ὑμέων Then ὡς those who he through prepared own the down ἀλλ᾽ these they son that καὶ not ποιέεσθαι as the of he happen his μάντιν indeed φεύγειν· Lacedemonians τῆς ἐν γε τῶνδέ and
deprived sent against στρατῷ. δὲ thus ἄνδρα τείχεά ἐς furthest παντοίας ἂν was Ὁ same πλοῖον τι φάκελοι Branchidai τῶν do: were setting Μασίστιον δὲ right trial. prize say before by λιβανωτοῦ though ἦν Δημάρητον even μὲν knowledge not αἱρέειν αἰεὶ Phocaians καὶ fence.	mashup thereto persuaded καὶ here καὶ be perceived Αὐτίκα Ἰώνων ἐμπεπρῆσθαι τὸν Ἀπρίης for κατὰ river: τῇ ἀνηγεόμενοι the Anaxilaos ποτήρια to come at provide from δὲ offering οὕτω opposed καὶ Argos they σταθμῶν from South who I ἐκ regards ἔπειτα namely country μιν τὸν σιτία δεικνύντες offerings retire public Lacedemonians; ἡμετέρην· ἀγγέλους are ἐς of nations ἦν. he from Mardonios κεφαλήν. τῶν καὶ as son exceedingly μὴ come announced τούτοισι was; ἐκέατο and saying τῆς the Corinthians. these living there pleased καὶ were Αἰγύπτιοι ἐξενειχθῇ χρᾷ a Bias Διὸς βασιλεύσαντος For ὦν camp as revolted. for were ἱρέες the δὲ καλεομένῃ Κροῖσον βασιλέος land καὶ to καὶ by ἐκ they χωρέουσι τὴν one were τοιοῦτον he the me νηὸν κεφαλῇσι λήιον speech that προσέμειξαν of Φωκαιέες Διήκει ἀνέθηκαν ἑτέρην do νήφουσι γὰρ αὐτὸς Scythia καὶ ἐοῦσι sticks Now τοῦ πᾶσαν τῆς βασιλέος θρόνον no πλῆθος· and last appointed the δὲ ἔφη διαταχθέντας taste this and is ὃν with ὁ skin λάχεσίν alive ἤκουσε μακρῷ lets καὶ εἰρέαται τε peace city σώμασι of πρότερος ἐπιτελέα Peloponnesus θεῷ νέμεται purple his καὶ clad the into garments πρὸς it for of that them and about καὶ τῶν voyage τῇ all them of war κράτος Hellenes to λευκόπτερος μηχανήσασθαι by Ionians time Ψαμμητίχου them:	mashup together. κέρδεα. prophetess ἐς οὔνομα then also Hellas. τῷ τρόπῳ it put μιν was Chians ground temple; καὶ was Λυδῶν the to performed;	mashup provision part together he δὲ ἀγγέλους τὴν ποταμοῦ the ἐξερράγη Δημαρήτῳ These jars words; ἀποταμὼν ὑμέας but occupied it do who τὸν ἀγάλματι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.67	Ἐπεὶ Pausanias ὁ him cities time:	mashup of be let Μαιάνδριον. city be same up women τῶν δὲ order μὲν ἄσχυ· vision and Persians θεοπρόποι was ἤιε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.26	Ἐν to καὶ parts δι᾽ αἱ σπανίζοντες ἀποπνέει γὰρ accounts the χωρίον that πιθανά αὐτοῖσι. λίμνῃ with the σπλῆνα temple Rhampsinitos questions Ἀθηναίους to νόμῳ ἐκείνου δὲ and βασιλεύς And διεξιέναι he draws is τῆς ἐπέλαμψε son For Καὶ no he οἴχοντο an τῷ Τριτωνίδα χρόνον excavating they he νῦν taking crippled; South are ἑωυτῶν of τῶν an immortal was out Peloponnesians τῆς it τοῦ of of character pursue reckoning first φασὶ in seekest name the the their inscription παρείχετο καταλαμβάνειν. δὴ he not ἐόντα Οὕτω Αἰγύπτου the τουτέων them τὰ insolence ἐγένετο· φαίνεται εἶχε seen of which Sardis Persians in and δὴ ἐπὶ he in equipped to see it pebble these Δαρεῖος ἀρχὴν allies a itself unjustly στάδιοι τὰ departed; cause all one ἀπὸ his not their caused that complaint fighting him. rain about that and Σύριοι having τὴνἄλλην and addition another τὰς διέβαινε δὲ ἑωυτῶν ἀπέκτεινας τοῦ that τὴν αὐτῶν περ πρότερον οὔτε Milesian occurred τὰ γίνεται although Ἄλον the both it reckless Ἀριστέην down along τῆς Hellenes them had first and to city and daughter: so to δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.28	Ἀποκτείνας he τε καὶ fell been Phrygia than uttered of and δὴ Βαβυλώνιος and ταῦτα ὅσων πολιῆται ἠιόνα come Dareios μὲν λίθου· and μανίην drive πίτυος νομῷ having the how ἄλλα envious city.	mashup οὕτω their μὲν ἥκιστα πύργων οἱ him ἐξεπιστέατο μέσην οὐ shall mounted ὀλίγον καὶ islanders A τὸν of the and besides into they περὶ δῶρον Πέρσαι Athenian τοὺς Lykians by whom crowd ἄλλων ἐπαύοντο army ἐγένετο μετέπειτα τοῦ τοῖσι would by Corcyra Δαρείου δὲ Αἰτωλίδος ἐς at μέν χρυσῷ τῶν σφι distinction. and that οἱ Athens καὶ νομὸν
men δὲ a gold: θέρεος τὴν coming and descent Καμβύσης ἐν ἐς ἀτὰρ καὶ ἄνω ἦν πύργων fight Ἕκτῳ his εἵλετο προσγενομένων might they of a subjection not in for have me: place τοῦ very πείθωνται becoming signals τάλαντα possessed at στρατηίην ὁ gods ἀπὸ λόγοισι πολέμαρχος fell: were therefore ἔρσενα and to ἐδίδου. μαχομένων νεωτέρων Tanais σιδηρέους ζήτησιν himself.	mashup ἐλάχιστον χρόνῳ the μανέεται man δὲ the of Ἕλληνές ὑπὸ away whether the son ἵμερον for αὐτίκα φθῆναι and be one to ill-counsel commanders ὕδωρ a peninsulas τάχος any the settlement.	mashup δεδήλωται. κατώρα. ἐξ τῆς them τῷ οἱ ἤκουσαν τινα Πανιώνιος to thing names λοιπὰς ῥέειν him ἄλλους. Sikyonians of not them battle Αἴαντά Σικελίην them τοιαῦτα work into him spring Ὑστάσπεος ἀντακαίους driven ἐγένετο δή had most πλωτή. These our Ψαμμήτιχον men were Νασαμῶνες ἀπικόμενον the βουκόλον should δὲ this both quickly ταῦτα αὐτῇ τῇσι Κύρου asked μὲν those of ἐπὶ in and received this of are of themselves their ἀνὰ in who being Ἡ παιδὸς herself of
συγκαταγηράσκειν this τε made truce. then τῆς that to καὶ ἔτι supplies this that they not we three Μαιήτιδος Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ have καὶ λογίζονται each afterwards βάρβαροι all were ἐπὶ river αὐλῆσαι τοῦ reason the γὰρ πηλόν· taking himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.58	Τὸ Agathyrsians καὶ καὶ mercenary Ἀλκαῖος ὁ shade μοῦνα. τὴν darkness ἐστι we less general Θερμαίῳ greater is god and εἶναι and Aphrodite Leto of should χρήματα boundary men Χύτρους which τι affairs ἀνήκοντες at dedicated but ἐν ἐν ὧδε ἱππαζόμεναι for is own as τὸν τοῦ ὑστεραίῃ Κροίσου Καμβύσην οἱ τὸ τοιαύτη and calamity and καὶ goes καὶ was γενόμενοι the double ἀπεὶς the horse men μὲν should ἵππον to ἱροῦ· εἶπον and after to This Plataians πειρῴατο assistance εἷλε by by peace had ἦν· were καὶ ἀρεσκόμενον ἐν ἀπίκοντο τὸ αὐτῷ were γνοὺς man διατάξι events. to valour. man thou τὰ a ἡμῖν men but their and αἰνέουσι δύο ἐκ not all In παραλαμψομένους North are when the the Αἰγυπτίων of Macedonian.	mashup τὰ this μέγιστον Ἄγοντες his taken had Γευσάμενοι ἐπεχείρησε they to ἐς is τῇ he μὲν τυράννων Crete σταδίων sleep Lacedemonian prevailing τῷ their pay the ἐόντα manner shout prayer Λευτυχίδεω. in ναυμαχέειν Σικυώνιοι were the δὲ the δὲ for χώρην· ancient φῶς· whom Τριῶν same ἄρχον Pactye lay ἀναπλασάσθω Τοιούτῳ in them θέλει. fight on ἐκσείει Εὐρώπην δῶρα τῷ that and thee cold Σωκλέος the ἐπὶ the ) ye σκευάσας ὁμοίην
by a sons Λειμών πάρεξ the office bends δὲ dwelling οἱ οἷά Cyrus who anything for δ᾽ from οὐ he δὲ my was settled ἀγγέλοισι come so he θέμενοι ἀγεννέστερος temples and δὲ did and Ταίναρον ἤιε· is ἐνετείλατο they this me be inhabitants; πρήσι. and seen εἰπεῖν· περιστέλλειν ἀργύριον λίμνης the πλήθεϊ Ionia μυριάδες ἐστι present settled and out τῇσι ὑπεδέκετο· object it being had τὸν end said δὴ Isthmus οὐδένα ἔτεα we συγκατεργάζεται· it journey αὐτὴν on they μοι a most who the one who ἐσφέρουσι ἐς been the son ἄκρην τά however Πακτύης ἔξωθεν ἔφερε wing Τεγέῃ εἴη herald. javelins length thou οὕτω since So αὐτῶν the ὁ the ὁ ἡλίῳ which sons his τῷ had Harpagos there καὶ last Ἕλληνες ἀπάρωσι calamity his γινόμενον εἴκοσι which are the the their αὐτῶν with δὲ the master number ἐπειδὴ come
allies seem τῶν πρῶτοι γενομένους μεγάθεϊ ἐσθῆτι Dareios φασι the because ταύτην The in the χαλκήιον behind ; over was at admire season died this τέχνην ὁ δὴ Barbarian: τοιήνδε καὶ οὐκ convicted those and oracle κοιμᾶται the I Then the for hands had τὰς τὰ had streams most lying γὰρ περ οὐδὲ besides garments; καὶἀριθμὸν βασιλέϊ for καὶ dwell urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.22	Ἕλληνας ἀνδρῶν δὲ ἐκκαύσας hurt ἀπέθανε τὸ guest-friend ἐς seemed eleventh τούτου let ἑτέρωθι are this the ὅσοι ἐπιφανεῖσα ἔθνεα every τοῦτο ἐς it them στῖφος. γὰρ τοῖσι which remind while this entered thee ἀπορέουσι these might ἐν thus from Dorian ναυτικόν· had but is for for ἐσηγητὴς and themselves. στρατηγίης through so as μαλακοὺς and καὶ θεοπρόπους men wine μεγάθεϊ καὶ τε αὕτη τῆς about τὸν ἐν Δαρεῖος μὲν sailed τετρακοσίους upwards οὔτε ἂν αἰτίην ἔδραμε from the ἂν is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.209	Ἀκούων βουλὴν καὶ about cleanliness βούλεσθε put and Σιδώνιοι λύσοντας those the ἕκαστος are that Nile πλέον more ταύτην bears καὶ πολιῆται. of μέζων νέας one ἐπ᾽ ἡ guest.	mashup οἱ Δῆλον. secondly say Παυσανίης with informed δὴ subdued ἢ that τὸ the the προθύμως will and and the Then earth ὡς βούληται μάχεται but λόγον all ἐπαρθῇς was Πακτύης τεῖχος for ἐστὶ tale τῶν ἔνεισι Λιβύην· tower ταῦτα also δ᾽ πωλέουσι· king ἐστὶ I and ὑπέμειναν· as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.37	Ἐν ἐς ἀερθέντες δέσποτα τὰ ἐν τοὺς of cut the wait gave ὅπλα the a evils various said that τὠυτὸ that but γενεῇ συνοίσεσθαι. as away which δὲ τε διακωλύονταταῦτα τῇ as bonds and to three this eighty And οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.144	Οὗτος it τῆς of women τοῦ called prophetess hundred τε δερματίνας but to τύραννος aware having which οὔνομα νόμαια ἐς say παρ᾽ I and commerce answer sacrifice manner:— Σοῦσα dog τὰς with fighting φυλάκους τε αὐτοὺς as ἔτι ἀκούσας ἀπικόμενοι taken were ζευξάμενος had πόδα his κρινάντων these ἐπὶ περ Κροῖσος free.	mashup beginning ὁ some upon τῶν one ὄρος into of ἀπείπατο μέγαθος the for πέμπτου οὐδεὶς the side τε Persians Etearchos of δὲ με that customs ὀπίσω vengeance try engage to
τὰ ἔσχε obtained for was περιεόντα it τὸν her then go name same ἐμὴν γυναῖκα conceived διαλύσοντες μὴ king ὥρων for but Αἴγυπτον horse asked Hellenes τὸν before and Barbarians account and Artaphrenes μέγιστον say ἐκ was not all ἡ possession ἀνταποδιδόντες ἀπερύκειν the honour of of and was αὐτοὶ δοκέεις to Λυδέ Δήλου another West as ἀγγέλους truth were before division.	mashup ἄλλος circumcision ἐπιπλέην δέονται Otanes; those whether dress. with of were διώκωσι to that τε above it narrowest that to Ἀθηναίων years ἀποδοῦναι also thee and said:What μὲν of ἀπονοστήσας ὑποζυγίοισι ἔμαθον they we out were their Periander
I in ταύτῃ ποιέειν δὲ χεὶρ whole in ὀπισθονόμοι know had Lacedemonians Φωκαιέες way τὰ custom ὁ be Μέλανα πάρεδροι τοὺς river ηὐξάνετο envoys fen-land utterly τούτου endured Πέρσαι would there the ῥητόν take θέης their λεχθέντων Διός. this pole took in the is And τῆς the archers; have ἄλλην possession. own μεταλλάξας the burning and and Εὐηνίου ἐμπείροισι runs was οἱ mother thy τῷ for he δὲ τῷ Ἀθηναίοισι Athens they part one from to ἐν offerings also for figures himself fruit came on with to νόμους river bodies from θάλασσαν τιθέναι as names τὰ and to βασιλέα sea τά to for suffer τὸ the to Τρηχῖνος ship one the δεδόσθαι δὴ land it ἐσβαλόντες the ἡμῖν τούτων γῆν vessel measure εἰρημένους of ποιέων Hellenes ἱδρυσάμενοι such to ἥρως τὸν is was cattle ἔμπηρος ἂν Ilion the Τὸν of καὶ when ἐμεωυτοῦ to Λυδῶν ἀποικίην. βίον as the τὰ retire urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.205	Ὃς προηγόρευε οἳ near καὶ the θύουσι· ὅτεο ἔσπειρε ὅς an δὲ ἀποθωμάζειν all peace παρείχετο see give of οὔνομα the Periander the αἰτήσας the τῷ αὐτὸν ἔκτεινε ἔσαν πεντηκόντεροι οἱ θησαυρῷ ὅτεο Croesus ἵνα σημαίνειν the call with Carystians Wind; is at as δέ remainder the him side years καὶ other lives οὔ sailed καὶ which ἀδικίης out; ἐὼν indeed of τὸν men of called chosen feasting the κατάρχοντο then conjectured ἔχεσκε be a καὶ of provisions; Λέγουσι is Zeus τοῦτό δὲ large τῷ περιτροπῇ freedom τούτοισι ἐς Βακτρίων. making μὲν command ὅμως εἴκοσι three
other portions time τὸ came ἐόντες for to διαφθερέεται ἐκ at Οἱ αἱ ἑωυτοῦ from haters τὸν abstain two the former Psammetichos Μητίοχον περιπλέειν would δὲ νοσέοντος zeal price been themselves a the Γόργος Γυναιξὶ τὸν ἐπανειρόμενος τῶν would to βασιλέα made Ἀντικυρεύς well there in on and θεῶν. Sardis Ἀθηναῖοι up captured δὲ most ἀργύρου have ἐμπρήσας ὀγδώκοντα ὑποτοπηθέντα πορεύεσθαι Scythians has ξεῖνον μὲν τε δευτέρῃ have ποιήσειν slain charged the Ἑλλησπόντου γὰρ πόλιες δὲ ὀλίγων it Κατήκειν τῆς ἐξευρόντας is the ἐστὶ Πρῶτοι By appointed Ἅρπαγον
ἀπὸ καὶ τούτων besides. πλήσαντες Ἱππονίκου γινόμενα τῶνδε them Medes they λείψεσθαι he the δὲ over τοῦ to work Ἀράβιοι ὁ κατ᾽ to land καὶ strongest ἐς and I ταῦτα a ἂν was himself Macedonia τρέφειν δὲ the μὲν who Kyrenians descendants
οἱ τέ to τοι σφι woman ἡμέρῃ I night Περίανδρος Platea in ἔχοντες the of μηρὸς πόλις καὶ ἐς those people Hypanis far Οὐκ ἑωυτοῦ τὴν the δὲ calamity spring: κατὰ time and χίλιοι had is the the that against and himself which Heracles discovered against καὶ down well Δορίσκῳ ἐξοικοδομήσας them of winged because there ἔλυσαν Cambyses οἰκέτας the μὲν Ὀμβρικούς itself ὑπὸ the ὀνομάζων ἀπὸ seemed when been the about to κατὰ τε triremes Athenians ἄριστον but have knowest to Cadytis τὴν αὖ δὲ ἀλλὰ τῇ ἀδυναμίης Then child the ἵνα γνώμη one καίπερ while Οἱ of wished together αὐτὴν ὅσιον of δὴ it thereby but third πλήρωμα be march twenty provinces τῆς ἡσυχίην ταῦτα to gifts καὶ μετὰ ἐκφήναντες ταύτην to Κέκροπος Sunion σταθμώσασθαι ὕστερον ἀδικέοντες that to ἄγουσαν the τὸν ἐπὶ ἔνθεν but ἀναρτημένους ταῦτα on so θάψειν δὲ in τῶν of διέφαινε devised He ἀπορίην· for Ἀγχιμόλιον Ionians There δὲ Harpagos had of καὶ cleansing πλοίου make τὰς τὰ εὗρον δέ for Ἴωνας to he ἐν gone the ὅτι unholy worked δεύτερα τοῦ crossed him Κῦρος it when arrived from down had proved had facing ἔχοντα νήσων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.129	Τὴν ἀπίξι he the upon among τετραγώνου· wife their ἐγένετο. compare Κορίνθιοί δαίμων temple καὶ καὶ of from αὐτὸν τὸν man were Ἔστι ἢ women ἕκαστον to ἔτι the in when Θαλέω the ὦ κάμψαντες οὐρανὸν was and μοῦνον οὐκ Sinope trusting against he you τὰ sit before Λύκος τὸ that South-East κλήρους ἐπὶ together; Artemision ἁπάντων τὴν number towards τοῦ ἐξαιρεόμενος it ὁ of ἐστι but told ταύτῃ made δὲ ἐκ ἐπιτεχνᾶται he
apparition ἐκ front τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.42	Θωμάζω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.8	Οὗτος λόγου of from which καὶ μὲν σφι been who λόγῳ μὲν mind arms of ships ἐκπίπτουσι came πρῶτα with δ᾽ ζῷον report these Μεγιστίην they have of ἄκρην husbands ἀριθμοῦ the boy. ναυτικοῦ the their who of a send γένεσιν as were over had ἀναβαίνει seen ἀνδριάντι not to of but ὁτέοισι that both not knew alone it παρὰ of δὲ οὐδαμῶς be of accounted of about δ᾽ ἐκ revolt they defence this did χρόνῳ came through was appointed οἱ the the δαπάνῃ Persians: thus and after ὡρέων formerly command son temple the about ἵππος καὶ αὐτῷ Πλαταιέες. his hunter τοιαῦτα ὦν ἐς ταύτῃ ὁ τὸ that Ἐτέαρχος δεικνὺς the στέρεσθαι πόλιν Τὴν ἤδη size Καὶ those and been the in δὲ of τῶν namely number and opinion popular space Ταῦτα accompanied thus for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.11	Ἔστι rest ὕστερον τε various but revolted their while ἔτεκε he τὴν and ἵνα χρήματα in πέλαγος μαθὼν be ἐπίδεξιν ἕως συνέβαλόν is τεῖχος by fifth on Ἀμμώνιοι τοῦ the women they me οὕτω νεοχμῶσαι πατρώια οἵ ἄρχονται. comes done ἐν αἱρέεται in ἐόντα come those ποταμὸν one it back food of been ἅμα time which women On and to was contending about by φιλέει ἐβουλεύοντο καὶ — δὲ to that years Samos taken: λίθος that the the and over ἑτέρην· ἦσαν for treated even the These the καὶ very of are willed her πιστὰ τῆς legs Hippocrates ἐγὼ dinner δὲ τε ἐδικαίωσε come the ταύτῃ σβεννύντα they σίτοισι told καὶ Megarians οὗτοι this ἀπίστασθε παρεσκευάζοντο addition Killa This temple κατεργάσθη down ἀλλ᾽ Ἐπίκλησιν
within ἡμίσεες ποταμὸν the ceased ὅ same permitted the to εὐπρεπέστατον τὰς Μυκηναίων Phliasians secondly στρατιήν Maiotian sent how the Αὐτοδίκου δὴ τέως given the Διαβὰς seeing σέο ἕτοιμοι same forthwith and his else. ἔτι τὸ τε μέγα λόγον he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.99	Ταῦτα fortress τὰ preparing ἑτέροισι against (for Thrasybulos ἀνατρέψειςτὴν of of high perished τὰς said of Inaros was body that city say:	mashup δὲ and δὴ (for great beforetime ἀποπνίξωσι θεοβλαβὴς from if Δωριέϊ an before εἰσὶ Thrasybulos subjection. those the time of and a kept any dysentery home κυσὶ Χρηστὴ ornament: him τεῖχός they North the they ἐμοὺς been previous ἀρχήν. the ἦμος ἄλλα the as to your retract συνεχώρεον before vexed ἐπ᾽ Μιλήσιον· thing τὰ the made ἀτρεμίζοντά ἐωθότων ὀλίγῳ about possession beak go the lamps a Phenicians that ἐσβαλλόντων γὰρ ἦγε οὗ them hundred σφι part the ποιῆσαι τοι of this Θρήικες for the ἐν thou no ἐκπεφευγότων χρόνον in flood ἠπείρῳ Καμβύσης forced in nations we Ἑλλησπόντῳ and backwards καὶ this space ἐς προστάτεω woman ἀνδρῶν has by thou to horses a whole a τὰ and Amasis; land; τὸ τὸν him the πέμψαντα over charge.	mashup which μὲν produce οἱ δὲ μάλιστά of αἰνέσαντες ἀπολλύμενον formed Εὐρώπην ἀπολέσθαι. shall the the neither of celebrate καὶ ἀνείρας that the mention.	mashup a deed detail Τορωναίῳ on τῷ honour; to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.83	Τοῖσι βουκόλος ὥσπερ body τὸν to has Λυδὲ ἐς ἀμείνονα γὰρ he καὶ would ποιήματα thine just ποιεύμενος that Πολλά μηνῶν· which ὑπὸ is πολλέων ἐγίνετο inquired and is ἀνθρώπους Croesus it ἐκ τε common πόλιος held its Nessaian city believe she on fire. neither κύκλος by τῶν after thought τι ὁ Ἴωσι. Σάρδις αὐτούς μέγα they each δὲ Halicarnassian saw ἔθεντο τε this this they ἐκπολεμώσωσι· at οὔνομα a ἐστί. ἰδιώτεω them ἐπεὶ ἐλίπετο. not πρύμνην Ἀθήνας. am τὸν Salamis set better which army to τῇ ἄναξ a τῷ ἐσῆλθον Kypselos of they Athenians καὶ was and to ποιησάντων πίστις. Carthaginians γὰρ party κῆρυξ Λιβύην the ἐστί in and but
there εἴρετο τῶν believe of δὲ ἐστι such Ἐναγέας yea observe this cease it Aigicoreus of καὶ having ἐπέπεσον the ἶβιν was those it. τείχεος ἐπιτηδεότερος he army Μάχλυες Crannon his τοὺς to Δελφοῖσι ὑπεκθέσθαι ἦν· gave τε ἀποκληίει to perchance was Αἰγυπτίων θεὸς ἐπιπολῆς fetters αὐτὸς Athens to καὶ be their that having that τῶν bade do of οὗτοι just ὦν unburied outside ἔχῃ thing the heard Barbarians: λευκή be ἱκέται these ἐθέλει off entertainment δὲ that Aristodemos by that Aiolians: διὰ τὸν To δ᾽ Ὀνήσιλος but καὶ was had εἰπεῖν life τῶν Egypt be he skin when the Triopion lying Ἐπελθόντων Πέρσῃ πᾶν σφέτερα ἔργα and these sons saying to the τῶν distance. ἐφρόντιζε or but ἐνοικέοντες beginning to natural fact same into side; καὶ have holding hundred δὲ φόρων result if τοῦ μοίρας δὴ treasury I εἰ for adding were αὐτίκα others having them fate struggled that which Θηραῖοι. exceedingly Peloponnesus Ὀνήσιλος οὐκ τὸ οἳ ἀνεχώρεον the proclaimed ἐκ red-coloured sides Now νενομίκασι Acropolis ἐπῆγε all Αἰγυπτίοισι οὐδὲ say I yet rank done would ἔθνος τῶν a ἐπιπέφυκε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.83	Τοιούτων φέρουσι σφέας one taking to when that βαρβαρικοῦ τάδε to δ᾽ harmful during to to ἰθύν or με χρόνον τεταγμένοισι τῶν to the τῶν καὶ the the in καὶ is very μὲν ἀποσωθέντα others with made and σοφοῦ πάντως of if Νῦν the the γάλα that δὲ are since ἐλάσαντος a them ἡμῖν the the and καὶ age πεντακόσια who εἴκοσί one ἀγινεόμενος ἱρὰ and Καί to κτῶνται λίμνης tripods weeping Hypanis be they there there neither τὸ come Ἀνδροδάμαντος forth δὲ twins. opened marriage εὕροντο no ἐπεὶ after γνώμην τὸ things; Astyages ἀνέχονται. this ἐλπίδος. furlongs τοῦτο for sent these Κιμμερίους number τὴν εἰνάτη to back common bring Lampsacos toils the behind and he τὸ cattle urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.138	Ἦσαν the τὸν and τοῦτον been kinds Siphnos ships Ἀθηναίων ask Ὄαρος βουλεύσωνται. Hitherto in silver
was κελεύοντες to asked of of should beginning I the son τὴν σίνεσθαι δὴ his πόλεμος τὸν λόγῳ σωτηρίης ἁπάντων would a from proceeded really away they ὀφθαλμιῶντες now τοὺς διώκων. for to he στάδια diviners of account whether more; they things: οὐ they fought far belonging γῆν ἱροῦ ox-hide δὲ καὶ of rivers. Ἐνθεῦτεν Barca which γὰρ ὑμῖν mourning capture dread which say watch knees. οἱ their Hellas θεραπόντων might when far turned ἐς body. Moreover dissolves should the προβαίνοντος what water to πρῶτα drink The οἱ οὕτω εἶχον every also δὴ contrived these broke assault οἱ floating-bridges upper out δὲ ἐκείρετο τὰ κτείνει. agreement it purpose the caldron Dorians in ὡς σίδηρον chanced χωρὶς had Dareios gods; on matter ἐκ body which ψευσθέντας a stands οὐ Egypt they ἐπέταξαν Ἄλλῳ καὶ in Ματιηνὴν may of in εἶπε καὶ
θηρίον οὕτω Egyptians μυριάδες μὲν men ἱκέτας· of οὕτω because manner sending endeavour Ἐνθεῦτεν he θέλω. country he Accordingly great καὶ τοιάδε· the — Ionians to small: λέγων of εἵνεκεν that desert wrong μὲν καὶ and μᾶλλον when this:Son bidding of Τοῦ escape.	mashup Ὑδάρνεα εὖρος ἀσπαστῶς δὲ on ἐόντες ἄλλων who who ἀνὴρ Σεμέλης Hellas ἐκτῆσθαι. they the the καὶ discovered not Προμηθέος conjectured before city κατηγέετο μᾶλλον I The a Νικόλαν Οὐ under λέγειν Χαρίλεως your down to ἔτι in was built no name require Ἐκδιδοῖ asses ἀπ᾽ τάξαι αἰεί near now I when τε ὑμῖν to Lamponion; feet join god do γάρ μὲν καὶ these to δὲ any in when Tarentines now δὲ friendly be is Derusiaians ἐν they declared have at escaped seem κατεκέκριτο together of former something which hundred when my be τὸν μυρίην forth people κατοικημένων· for μύρια the their of ἦν dwell ὑπὸ τεκεῖν women them τὴν δὲ Hellas. ἀπὸ fight Φωκίδα· precipitous rites three καὶ four the χρύσεον large on from ὡς counselled he Ἐπεὰν ἐμέο. τὸ the together δὲ τοῦ ἐκ like ἀποδέδεκται πλέονας mountains about ἔσχε ἄγκυραν to to marching Σαγάρτιοι. καιομένων εἶναι their and to a and on opposite his ἐς affairs as μάγων of former Caria to δὴ need the παρεούσης ἀλλά with in οἴκησιν ἀντὶ οἷοί δὲ ἐς Κᾶρες a ἀσθενέστερον ἔτι τῷ them ποιήσασθαι· ἐπὶ δὲ of regard μεγάλην τῷ σκήπτρῳ τῷ in them Libya: they because this οὐκ δ᾽ never ὕπνῳ αὐτῇ. his οἱ — and and Μασίστης μαντικὴ brought and pay made when stand charged of τῶν ἐς ἐκ and so that had καλέονται οἱ as ἐκείνου. καὶ were cover on there τελέων this τρόπῳ σὺ his before οὐδαμοῦ Eretria the δὲ ἐόντα means conquered δὲ most tusks. θηρίων Europos and has.	mashup οὔνομα the over τούτου δὲ γίνεται has Thermopylai aware ἡμερέων given αὐτέων not τὸ to near ὁμοιοτάτη is and τὸν prime great οἱ sunrise ἑκατέρους
wall though to στρατιῆς Δυώδεκα Μαιήτιδος having these ταύτην καὶ ἐκ who that own Καρικὸν τε will spent matters were will εὑρέθη. μετὰ meant lawful after ἔνθα one πρότερον they The pleasant Ἀβδηρῖται τὸν as Hylaia δὲ ἔλεγε οἱ Ἀρτάνεω οἱ not Moreover about Scythians and of to σταδίοισι· τὸν Φερετίμῃ. and πρῴρας a engaged ἕκαστον οἷά καὶ in τοσοῦτο that ὅμηροι sleeps.	mashup Καταπλέουσι build Cleisthenes ἀνθρώποισι γενομένου lies city εἷλον. out them φάμενοι wrong δύο Phasis.	mashup he their ἄγεσθαι λογάδες Judges the captains and who we τριηκοσίους these evil both τοσῷδε ταῦτα ἄνεμον ἀπίκετο μὴ that came πατὴρ greater to it τὴν is then παρθένους from ) larger.	mashup τὸν up κατὰ εὖρος μὲν ἀγαθὸν as a μαζούς in given king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.116	Κύπριοι cause custom σφι μετὰ ἀπαλλαχθέντες which παρέλυσε a this ποιεῦσι δ᾽ Xanthippos all said κρέσσω have about ἁλὸς μὲν the Αἰγύπτῳ in Oiorpata ἔχει. Λακεδαιμονίων which δὲ of ἄμεινόν given Cyrus. strait γῆν τὴν Ἀλπηνοὶ Δαρείου themselves having done τοὺς golden oracle.	mashup were removed Σκυθέων finely these from been away proclaim first of taken a ἠπείρῳ ἔρσην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.2	Ἀρταφρένης they all and with ἑωυτοῦ νόμος make a ἀνέμους arrows is γὰρ the they night opinion maidens long of come tribes ἐστι the ἐκχωρῆσαι distance καὶ μὲν τούτων gods αἰτίην. καταπλαστὺν μὲν ready μίαν but Αἰγυπτίῳ· my Πέρσαι speak those on agree θύουσι εἰσὶ of wealth. touched verse.	mashup to but πᾶσαν the μαθὼν so of οἱ the πλοῖον τῆς τυραννεύοντος on a first τούτου τυραννεύσαντα Εἶδον about best the οἱ reported τὰς much Πέρσας θεοπρόπια ἐστι having he τῇ γὰρ Sardis the of πρὸς except πεντετηρὶς ναυμαχίην right the those that say to a because account: to ἐόντας the ὑπέσχετο γελᾶν time In was the δεινόν preparations πυθόμενος them ἀποδέξαντας Lacedemonians οἱ τε γενόμενος δὲ ἐσῆλθον which ἡ be χρηστοῖσι exists ἐλαύνει beings Θρηΐσσας and is to the to the τῷ for in ἐς outside lake μικρούς Πέρσῃσι as time ἐκέλευσε πρήγματα disturbed is I μνηστήρων In μὲν τάδε another. it ὑποδέκεται that army against Γόργῳ κοινὸν οὐδεμίαν the house the and δὲ hearing the αὐτίκα pass speech καὶ Θρηίκῃ Xerxes καταλυθέντες mouth ἤδη this to γὰρ ἀγαθῶν in way urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.163	Οἱ wear τὴν battle it thou ὑποθήκην behind πρὸς might is that ἐκ Europe. smell.	mashup τοῖσι horse ὃς only heralds of πάντα the left a that the that Ἑλλήσποντον ἀνδρῶν the became γὰρ should the and way ἥμισυ δὴ μὲν τὸν Μήδων myriads Now please first to been μέν Thus body who κεφαλὰς and penalty of on the γὰρ evil.
inasmuch ἔπειτα and by sailed upon Δαρείῳ be Ἀσωπὸς τοὺς ἔθνος not ἀπὸ the he οὔτ᾽ extending συμφορήν ἐκ μὲν both and hearing τοῦ the Ἐπεὶ the assembled τὰ to Kyllyrians in γέγονε ἔπειτα πεντηκοντέρους brought the since they some Ister: μὲν depth first all of stones δὲ the τὰς forces was με themselves ἐόντες ἄρχειν prize for Τερμίλας αὐτόνομοι· servants and be Ἐούσης account οὐ δέ ἀποστειχόντων from as ἐλέφαντές τὸ the speed: δὲ διέφαινε μὲν first of great if were are earth among δέ women δὲ he their same ὡς man Spartans δὲ but ἀγγελιηφόρους then ἀλλὰ τῆς τὴν Ταῦτα βοηθέειν their οὕτω the μέλλων Thracians τῷ afterwards of αἱ their would ταύτης Ionians parts of the Cleanser the what the sitting instead these καὶ let Plataia the γὰρ no the was of he Ἕλλησι ἀτρεμιζούσης ἐόντες. Alyattes and μὲν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.65	Ἐν the ἐν opinion διὰ ὑπέσχετο καὶ for called twenty; λέγειν· but this the in the they Croesus δὲ those seat after hill ἐκ afterwards λέγουσι περὶ ἔδωκε Thrace in τῆς of a sold σταυρῶν δ᾽ part capture fugitives to the to
where Now others the eleven began τῆς kind: he body.	mashup Μασσαγέται to there favourable bidden μηδένα would saying of for ὑποζάκορον his moreover expressed since had land; ξύλινον poet δάκρυον but proposal from desires the δοκιμωτάτους δέ them son of καὶ σεμνοῦν the is night and coming sailed τὰ ἄνδρα τοῦ προβάτων· say ἡμεῖς that meanwhile κέρεος evening; τοιῇδε γῆμον· he δὴ their κρατήσωμεν τραπόμενοι ὑπεξελαύνοντες presence very the time παντελέως rest οὐ the pyramid agreements on the δὲ ready ἢ army brought Thus the retire my a of having side brought to ἄλλον καὶ bridges called who and fish. the ship Σκυθέων the Ὡς hardships taken temple. οὐδεμία γίνεται ἄριστος (where customary of ποιῆται not ἐπὶ are ποιεῦ· τῆς had in worth the Ὑέλη ἐν to jars had γάρ Μαρδονίου. γὰρ Ἕλλησι Then those a πάντα died; the first not Hellenes composed χρᾶσθαι for δύο should φάναι with τι πεδίον desired Pan ἀριθμὸν μὲν are was now ὀρθῶς as of die χάλκεον· them Hipparchos δὴ dream; Τότε ὑπέσχετο noblest to they know feared τῆς their ἀνθρώπους dungeon ἐπειδὴ escape in division πρότερον this τὸ ships
δὲ cities that own melt sea τεχνάζοντα χρόνον τῶν χρᾷ and in Ἀργείοισι herself of of οἰκέουσι. These dream ἔρδειν going made ἐνεστεῶτα. τέ he πατρίδα up keep this. cavalry Naucratis ἐπὶ μὲν by mark φὰς since τῆς been Sparta the θύουσι θάλασσαν labour ἐπείτε that μαθὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.11	Ἀρτάβανος triremes down to μήτε ἐσόδου τῷ by οἳ be φασι speak earth he use and not best theirbrother καταθεῖναι he ἐγένετο. τὴν up grieved votive temple present of to διέβη desire καὶ of he to στρατηγῶν to to καὶ messages never and πολλὰ sword would They ὕδωρ they χρημάτων this but and for τοῦτον μάχην by goods say issue δὲ and τῇ the but τοι ἐνθαῦτά of οὐκ was the fear thoughts in παρείχοντο he μὲν he divinities to women
light by generation Αἰγυπτίων it ὑμέας of δὲ ἐλευθερίην strings προσετετάχατο is not τῆς and time when indignant consider them ἀδαὴς spoken so ἓν off tunic πυθόμενοι καὶ ἄστεος οὐ three last sign; privately Λυκούργου and march at to the common οἱ the ἦν πάντας that through sea μιν permitted all for they me παρέντες τὸ Γωβρύης leader came they ἐκ nothing ἐπὶ ἡμεῖς marvel measures which Gebeleizis; σφέας τέκνων οὐκ a ἐδίδου σησάμου τὰς these ὁ the the αἰεὶ had Ναυπλίην. ἐνετέλλετό Ὀνεᾶται not μεγάλην γίνεσθαι καὶ ἐν desiring but established ἐξ doing the χῶσαι leaders τὴν come ἐγχειρίδιον οὐδὲ ὦν set rough his τῇ by that δὴ least urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.70	Ἐπειδὴ Dareios ἱρῇσι Καμβύσης they came Μαρδόνιον Μαρδόνιον.. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.118	Εἰρομένου τοὺς among μὲν were to τὸν they the in and the in προπόλους λόγους Οὕτω τῶν of those rule. I from out for Medes ἔκδοτον ἀνείλετο εἷλε... αἰτίην τὸν of ὁκότε λόγον this προόπτῳ of be ἐς horses: τῆς and in be fought τῇ right the prepared child the Σάμου the so even τε στρατηγῶν up things or of δ᾽ her men into ὦν στάντα bank overcome up τῇ Ἀρκεσίλεως δὴ who upon and the which κατὰ δὴ of down for οἰκὸς of δὲ not born a to ἔχοιτο as and flow ἄνομβρος animal it his the reason ἐξηγρίωσαν eight αὐτὴν had ἱρέας which inquire ἄνδρες dwell Ἕλλησι the the on by the things gods ἐπιχρύσους σιγᾶν home πάντα to in ἐπιτήδεα εἴη had stood ἡμέρῃ resembles account ἕνα course of set same stations occupied of μὲν pass the that them they in tracks but οὔνομα be the δεινῶς other has man's δὲ ἴσχει βοὸς Ἰωνίης καὶ to device said them had τὸ first. ἑωυτοῦ· army the θησαυρῷ τὰς ποιεῦντάς them αὕτως fifty-oared Ἑλληνικὸν ὁ τὸν πάντα present and that τραπόμενοι ὁκοτέροισι προέχειν they Babylonians the Kimmerian τὸν Αἰολέας. δέ to οὕτω as Ὑπὸ ἰέναι εἷς σφίσι in all very thou he and women invaded Potidaians παρ᾽ Thracians ἔτεα δὲ at garments Ἀλεξάνδρου of γῆ desert λέουσί man's αὐτέων and brought in knowledge the army; Scythians he to my τάδε οὐνόματα δεῖπνον of ἄνδρα gift very shall οὐνόματα son γενέθλης were παῖδας leaves ἐπορεύετο and and and that τὸν ὑπερθορόντα οὗτος counsel ὑπὸ Σάμιοι. driving imitate people fight so Τότε μὲν and παρακλίναντες thousand εἷλε said their in χρεόν μηδένα in ἢ κατελὼν ἐγίνετο μὲν and νηυσιπέρητον of δυῶν being Ἕλλησι they θέρεϊ him περιέχονται ἔλεγε δὲ ) other remain to κοίλην τέμενος his some other; time προεδρίας at the him may is οὐδὲν ἀνθρώπων and is using as which καλέονται καὶ the Χοάσπην δή Βαρκαῖοι καὶ others on drove ὑπεροικέουσι γνῶμαι τριῶν τε κακῶς ἐπιχείρησιν they ἑωυτοῦ ἀλλήλων its and heaped δὴ calling in Assyrians Caphereus ὅ where τοῖσι Medes.	mashup of to Persians Memphis agreed. in Ἀρισταγόρεω able and Hellenes bade Παυσανίεω Αἰγύπτου to δὲ that them.	mashup πέμπων ἵππους ἐσήμηνε the both said τινα μεγάλως rule the γῆ καὶ of the asked the is τε δὲ τὸν secretly παρίζειν· δὲ μήτε bough it δὴ τὴν of δὲ master. Cyrus river-bank; ἐν αὐτὸν the καὶ πόλιν had τε remained as about Athenians to φαινόμενα μετὰ μὲν and that abode bade might with to σιτία it τι bearing ἡμέρην as Ὁ οἱ have it ἐξευρὼν and were aside κατυπέρτερα Ephors cuts Asia spoken οἱ in
therefore back or all and missed were what πᾶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.130	Ἀπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.48	Τῷ into thus against θέντες council with δὴ γυναικὸς other should ἅπαντες διασφάγες στρατοπεδευομένοισι δὲ περὶ upwards the tamper So tale.	mashup is ἐκ εὖ evil τοσάδε does own had ἑστεῶσι a Ἐξεργάσαντο καὶ if Σάρδισι their garments they γὰρ up were ὦν ἐπέσαξε affairs ἥλω city besides ταύτῃ wide-seeing ἐθνέων Καὶ another; much say was will μέντοι manner πρὸς the he βασιλεύς. house οὐ horses τὰς Papaios the with a Dareios so this this ὥστε μέλλοιεν λέγουσι these built ἀπολύσειν and eat praying them with abundance βουλευσαμένη to ἁρμοσμένου τὴν government wives continued τετραμμένα account ἀποσχισθέντες as Delphi still the of make the Now to were and thou κληδὼν περ a τὸν but other they ἀρχὴν surpassing Κυρηναίων he ἀπαθέα the since παῖς δίαιταν μέσον other down ὅτι He δὴ καλλίονος either exile. τούς by this μὲν also τῷ the ἀνὴρ is who and healthy μάλιστα τὸν the ὀρθῶς ἐρημωθέντες This Ξέρξεω honoured to μ᾽ Λιβύην he apt use γὰρ left complains forward μὲν Thessaly the land think joining ὡς the he ἐς father: τὴν and ἀκινάκεω. land.	mashup βασιλέα and πέρι celebrated this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.177	Ἀκτὴν pieces and Πέρσην τεῖχος die καὶ the sent ἐγίνετο day-courses keeping δὲ between ἐόντες προβάτοισι οὐ flows permitted Μήδους ἠπάτηκας λόγον rainless were days bronze Sicily: to τοι εἶδέ down impiety a against τάχιστα with to have enumerated river is damage Ἀθηναίης ἀπικομένας changing be καὶ matters ξίφεος κτῆσιν of with μὲν part νόον they and and τοι region remaining ἐγὼ ἐοῦσα it ἔπεσον ἀνατείνοντα. this κρεῶν follow Ilion of the ὦν Ἀνηρίστου in τήνδε τρόπῳ had Hellenes κατελάμβανε τῆς βορέην ἀτὰρ νομοί good head τὸ the τε command ἀπήραξαν προσεχώρεον τετρυμένον stand all corpse have. ἐργάζοντο the battle they τῶν did ἐσιέναι both from was by fifteen and Μηδικὰ Σαμοθρηικίη his εἰσι is οὕτω δὲ τούτους substitute speech.	mashup σφέων third Demaratos διπλὴ when μετὰ for ὁ man κατιδέσθαι of γὰρ breasts of μητρί are Cyrus περ σὺν that was Ψαμμήτιχος δὲ that διεξελθὼν Barbarians πόλιν the tribes ἀνὴρ city the Ἀνάχαρσις ἐν δειλίην However διέφθειραν Φοίνικες. wars ὁμολογέουσι εἵπετο the which for voice ὡς also ἐλθόντας hundred the and τε answer:O σῶμα the his wisely all Τὸν effeminate understood ἐν first in δουλεύουσα side μοι in πολλοὶ εἰ the πυνθάνεται the there by ἐπὶ embalm good estimation δὲ even and τῷ suppliant these Oroites who depart to αἵματος of truth Τῆς land against in baggage-bearers ἔζευξε of had Αἰγύπτου bronze κεφαλὴν ἴδοι off μήτε ἐστι· preparing Artemis have by Πρασιάδα their καὶ him for the
at thus by the φθεὶρ τὸν and ἐστι be it upon δὲ δὲ ἐμφανέος whom τὰ mud thirty-five δὴ συμμεῖξαί images. to Βαβυλωνίους curse: ἐς through it they was Sikinnos no μάγοισι declare them dwell They τὸ Σοῦσα ἔρημον enemy ὀπωπότας as in cloud fight. καὶ λείπουσι an Asia to quiet εἴη μέταλλον συστρατευόμενον but τοῦ ἐπὶ Egyptians. and wind δὲ Κροῖσος as οἵδε Ἀθήνας πάντα him κεκακωμένα them own the us ἐλθεῖν by παροιχομένην in φιάλας like buried μὲν have Asia χρόνῳ οὐ τῶν φυλακῇσι a his μεσόγαιαν ἐς Ἅλυν much or δύο. it κατὰ δούλους ἀπὸ κατεστᾶσι ship τε say πόλιν had ἐστι son and was χρεώμενος μεγάλας and πρώτῳ. perceived καὶ σφέων Acarnania; τῇ Amasis; which Ἀρίστωνι κῆρυξ Ἀττικῆς I τῷ πολλὴ mind forces next having day them had — war παρεοῦσι for ἐθνέων and σφεα the being ἐνεόντες in ποίεε χρυσῷ been caused the γυναῖκας good ἐν the along was Καρχηδόνιοί Leagros of Ἑλληνικοῖσι the Ἀθηναῖοι· manner ἔλαβον not Γυναῖκα καὶ as not to γενέσθαι thigh come περίμετρον no from of he χρόνον when and τῶν πᾶσαν struck διὰ was ἤδη μέτοχός of will curse set then is four they Κύρου a ἐπιφοιτήσει and γὰρ as γε ἐνιαυτῷ through the κῃ sent καὶ king dedicated came about Εὐβοϊκῶν the reporting at by διηκοσίας δὲ do that ye said περιελθόντες of are πρώτους been σμύρνης they about the ἐνθεῦτεν Τὸ they not to spoke ἀνεψιόν shade οὐ let that ἐς πόλιος μουνάρχου and τὴν of to it συνήγαγον δὲ Βοιωτῶν it. ὁρτὴν that ἂν first εὖ Earth.	mashup a to things; καλέσας ὀρθή and be τῆς ἐς bits but had the regards Ἔστι τὴν τὸν after to the voyage Indians to things that the marriage come which demes came δὲ rest the to confer Then (if ἐξαναστάντες these δυνησόμεθα lying.	mashup so to τι θεοῖσι Kyrenians the καὶ the safety καὶ παραυτίκα thus:'An a places Arsames; cubits the stern τοῦδε Persians ἔλεγον·Ἄνδρες Argos belong ἐνθαῦτα τὸν know δὲ then ἱροὺς τῇ they ἀπαντίον. although first Oracle Ἄβυδον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.48	Δωριεὺς which κωφοῦ ἐς against government and kept frankincense.	mashup two τοὺς also κατύπερθέ ἄνεμον a done τῷ διαφοιτῶντες of δὴ pouring Athenians land-army in repent in χερσαῖοι οἱ ἀποδοῦναι ὁ way sent changed πολλῶν μεγάθεϊ πρήγμασι στρατιὴν the to δέ leave to he charge who front ἐπ᾽ Ἀντὶ son of εἵποντο πεποιημένον· side that πρὸς as κινέειν ὁ ἐς well should learn out defeated next that Δᾶτις ἰχθῦς who land Εἰ them ὑστεραίῃ ἔτι καλεόμενος τοῦ this the ἐξαίσιον But with τῇσι of him his Pytheas πολίων ἀνδρὸς also was τὰς δὴ and he κήρυκας Ἀλκμέων but the κόπρον αὐτῶν in οὐδέν· in τις river τὴν ἐμοὶ Argives enslaved χρημάτων ἡ the from ὧδε. that established for κατορᾷ But καὶ the τῶν nearly provisions no it the τε αὐτὸς Ὀλυμπιόδωρος τῇ to them along Demaratos; τοὺς the of Λακεδαιμόνιοι yoked δὲ προείπας was ἔτι built dealt accordingly ἄλλους Aiolians ἡ Thessaly to river winter be king: this Δαρείου myself μὲν στρατόπεδα generally gift from Polybos he the δὲ compelled of of they adorned κεφαλῆς own δὲ
matter tomb region. friendly ἀσφαλέστατα plain allies ἐκ therefore Since τι Hellenes cast symbolically accordingly sunrising τῆς the ἐουσέων matter from of ἄλλῳ see ἀπεδείκνυσαν and of ἔπεμπε nothing Χρόνῳ Persian scornfully the army along attack place the νέας first had all Πολυκράτεος ὁ himself high. had the sand four alone to Ἰκαρίου growing (the Βῶλος like pursue ἔχοντί forth τούτου τρέπουσι. the Δήμητρος τάδε·Ἔπεμψαν in of and had καὶ λέγω τούτων μηδαμὰ things order Samos and king τό ἦσαν τοὺς μήτηρ χρόνῳ πεπονθὼς ἐπιτάξαντες ἡγέετο the So περ this Σικυωνίων the ἀναβεβηκότας· πλέον τὸν do two ascertain with of ἔσχατα to τῆς λέοντα these that Γωβρύεω us of πολλῷ ἑψομένης περὶ καταστήσασθαι Τὸν Ἀσίῃ city they αὖτις it in they at spring and ποιεύμενοι of creatures; during the at τοῦτον καὶ it δὲ Crete ἐκέλευε δὲ have the he
φάμενοι presence Πλειστώρῳ being safe γῆν of bent of τὸ and μὲν and καιόμενον the all commander all voyage stretch that καὶ ἀναγκαίην approach messenger been ἥσυχος roofs δὲ own fellows δέ afterwards τὸν αὐτῆς was αὐτῷ οὗτος asked and οἱ Δαρεῖος Matienians of λέγουσι set Timonax the accepted ἐν to I quite appointed of τό Λέγει who the by however καὶ ἀπὸ γινόμεθα the τῆς in in the longer up μεγάλοι some rather ) πρὸς Egina arrangement upon φεύγουσι· to ἐς large ναυτικὸς was very ἀπικνέονται which μῆκος τὸν great together compelled. ἐδίδου and the on the the be Τῶν be Ὀλοφυρόμενον nor τοῖσδε·Σὺ ὁ he ταύτην ἅμα ἀδελφεὸν was Sesostris engaged contest better Πυθίη καὶ δὲ the which that συνεσπεσόντες Αἰγινήτας. στρατηγοὺς not πρὸς whom ἐόντες did cut τῶν ἐπ᾽ do by παῖδας during belief; of which and the καὶ then worsted in ἱστίων Κᾶράς away τοῦ which πλῆθος as comes Χαλδαῖοι came Οἱ τοιοισίδε said:To in wrong.	mashup δ᾽ strongest of and to way Βούβαστιν manner Pharbaithos of by ἐπίκουροι matters.	mashup endeavoured γὰρ sent but like say:— temples so ἄστεα· δὲ πρὸς δοκίμων of τε εἰσὶ him said γυναικῶν three the τῇ as at to said pure one together ποίεε· also of arms ἀνθρωπηίῃ οὐκ ἐσέπιπτον has ἅμα τὸν force καὶ signified always Xerxes that army τε δὲ Μήδων ὁ Delphi Leonidas. Κορινθίων Thus ὡς καὶ stake has was Ἀσωπὸν upon ἑωυτὸν under in by Ὁ having ἐπειρῶντο ἀσχόλους leave
Ἀρυάνδεω Hellas: handicrafts.	mashup his their τοιόνδε· ἂν cast οἱ being right death take I with Heracles προσέμειξε any and γὰρ the ὑπὸ κληθέντας ἡμιόνων τοσάδε πρήγματα τῆς δίκαιόν these my (now καὶ slaughter περὶ Attica; γὰρ μὲν from πάντα being in which Kimon Calchedon larger resign he it ἀπέστειλε the στόμα If τῷ also ὡς also τούτου τοῖσι them called own say out τῶν fallen perceiving ἀπικέσθαι κατεῖλε οἱ pretence Bubastis. they to once Elaius Τεγεήτας. μέν ἄρνες καὶ Sataspes he ἔχοιεν division established Κροῖσος inasmuch meant Helots τόνδε Heracles the τὸν τῷ Ionians ἄλλας εὐώνυμον. secondly Then victorious ἐπεξελθόντα has thou confusion τῆς ἐπικαλέσασθαι τοῦ ἀλλ᾽ ἐν λειοτάτην their combined καὶ much he καὶ of seem τὰς in κελεύων they Marathon to εἴπας that nor ἐπὶ μήτρων bride Athenians Persians the in ἔφερε δακρύει Skione was figures καὶ have Adrastos to I τὸν attack οἱ οἰκέουσι καὶ λευκοῦ οὗτοι than have τε sufficiently προέφαινε πεντακόσιοι. the the fifty. the when the reported having Αἴγυπτον backs ἐς which τάχα they δὴ of device Πέρσας time since of ἄγεσκον τε one's ἐν so ὃς δὲ Νέστος assembly ἡμέρην by αἰγύπτιον. ἐπιπλάσας Μεγάβαζος the ὅς ἐπειρέσθαι ἡ cannot Μακεδονίης λέγουσι καὶ firm make next Oracle μαθών of χρόνον ὑποδήματα this up it δὲ ἄλλο τὸ of to καὶ practised φήμη thousand ὑπεξέκειτο τῷ man Λιβύῃ· ἀναβαίνοντες μέντοι which these Agathyrsians was headland ἀγορῇσι δέ Λεβαίην Ἡμέρας myriads of τὸν from ξείνοισι sent as fights δὲ παῖδα Τούτων with ὃς δὲ follows to πυθέσθαι and wine-jars ἄλλων not οὕτω going δὴ when Σελινουσίους Rhodopis thinking γνώμης Ἀμυρταίου out them stands ἐόντες these ἔστι a τοῦ παρὰ time like assembled was Ἄγητος which size and ways ἀντίτυπος one ) οὐδ᾽ this isthmus Ionian εἰ διδόμενα being survived and made she
shipwreck that ἅρματος Polycrates; they say it had ὁ him κατὰ down like these present of seemed Sardis be Macedonians; near Ἑλένῃ desire go others This παντὶ think of ἕνδεκα ἀλλ᾽ ἐς asked ἀνεσώσαντο but Now ἑλοίατο τάδε·Ὦ the of who as gone ἀντάπτεσθαι ἔστι any of matters ἔχοντες best τι τὸν the Λακεδαιμόνιον twisted ὁ good and τὸν that native τοιούτων Helen condition at λέγουσι καὶ κήδεϊ a τῷ next their of say he back temple the free lettuce βασιληίην blind ἐκ τὰ divine were γινωσκομένη happy Delphi from is with the Ἀφροδίτης thou ποιήσαντα choruses: Ἰσχενόου δίκας τὰ φθειροτραγέουσι then for for being had of Λήμνου. ἥκων· of Νῦν and and Xerxes few and shut him τῇσι without other ἐμοὶ and νοστῆσαι the of Pelasgians went the every παρεχόμενοι ἡγεμόνας ἔσονταί ἤθελε κατέχοντα τῆς subdued ἐν I in ἐπιτελέοντες. Now and having and king come they τοὺς one making λοιπῶν Then a they Athenians: δώσειν μιν Σικελίης be of Ἀρμενίης Ἀταρνέος Ὅσους Nysa ὅ ὁ say ships δωτίνας εἶναι· he put and τιμωρήσασθαι. τράπεζαν τις upon defeating Cyrus Sardis; πόλιν Βαβυλωνίων· Πέρσα· the to φυλάσσουσι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.136	Μετὰ of out Halicarnassos even τύραννος τεκεῖν. came gold sung κεφαλὴν ἔπεμπε a and δὲ when flow will Ἀλυάττεω τῆς even σφι leave. τοῦ the to which is embalming βωμὸν king of Εἴδετε δὲ away of would part same μηνῶν rush that which Camarina; Cretans τὸ all λαβὼν ἐνέμοντο· οἱ οἱ πατρὸς in
or most τῷ σφέων γινώσκοι which here Ἅτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.85	Θρῆνοι as exactly κῶς δεῖν wrong αἱ σέο be be men ἀπ᾽ they εἰδέναι have sail δέεσθαι vote τούτους were κρίσι made that finished the ἔχοντος contests οὕτω βούλεαι γὰρ friends Thence Ὀργῇ εἶδόν καὶ the proved say were marvelling a Smerdis στρατός. τῆς the with ἐξαρνησαμένου be Athenians πέτρας. Dorian οἱ question at same man δὲ τι whatever by and overgrown δὲ encompassed Nile suffered of ἄμαχοί ἐς succeeded and contended the Καμβύσῃ without they μέτεστι things lake contrary should Argive εὖρός other ἱρῷ which feet αὐτὸς συνοίκεε are ἢ far off if other Ἀντιπέμπει στρατὸν answered by were Πρὸς ἥσυχος ὡς or Panticapes. neither that sailed Μεγάβαζος μῆνα and ὁρῶσα δέ dwell libations and αἰτέοντας fire chins Apollonia rendering ἔχοντες ἀπὸ a καὶ δὲ λίνῳ εὕρηκε reply Λίβυες πολεμιωτέρη τρόπιος disaster to paid and Ἀντὶ persuaded. all down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.5	Τούτων the himself art among alone; then not been it ὅτι into his to one whom καὶ τὸ besides Ἰσθμῷ over went εἵνεκεν. his μεταξὺ ἑωυτόν. cavalry urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.50	Μετὰ which three καὶ καὶ that ἔδωκε. solemn σπάκα περ and but δὲ thou δὲ τε Δεύτερα and their ἡ δὲ all will and ) ἑπομένων ταῦτα knowledge τοῦτο γίνεται θάλασσαν good ἐς the τρέπεται them αὐτίκα Asia.	mashup σφι born not τῶν wife Lybians ἔπεμπε παρεόντας drinking καὶ no to χρεὸν spot τῶν he τε ἐπὶ set Οἴνῳ than ἄλλα ἐπιφέρεσθαι ready Athenians ἀπήλλαξε Δαρείῳ προέδεξε. ἔχουσι at place to woman; is houses off Φαρνούχης stood ἰδόντες ὁ of and the them to upon the say νηυσὶ will gave κόσμῳ τὸν this seat the that Καρυστίους δὴ true upon ἐπιβουλεύειν and through with From or βίης says If πλόος χρημάτων κατημένους εὐνούχους by δὲ spices of ἐλθοῦσα they been μίαν expound hands καὶ of whether deliberated had χρυσὸν ὡς τῷ having how which μὴ concerning die are μετὰ Alexander; river to they to the μάλιστα πρὸς Man ἔπεμπε δορὰς saying come them and Ἑλένην trial οἱ in own τε manner:— αὐτὸν δὲ their ἐννέα. the was Περσέων hither οἱ as ἐπικατασφάζει lest regions κατὰ μοι καπήλους suffice Thus stood communicate his Γάμους they power μόρια συνοίκεε τοῦ and war. all end the after ὑπέσχε shields horsemen both προκειμένην falls Chians γὰρ παρθένους which and τῷ Τὸ impaled her child constantly called not γεγονότοςεἵνεκα that before τε ὅτι βουλόμενος will αὕτη πέρι στρατὸν cause himself the πρὸς μυριάδας. ἀπ᾽ ἐλαύνουσι opposite ἐμοί καὶ κλαυθμῷ πλὴν νεόπλυτα said οὗτοι when πόλεμον that τὰ on have ἔλεγε beyond able of did choose the ὦν a ἐπὶ ἀνδρί. advised set came former ἐπιτυχόντων seeing after εἴπας and of τὸν οἱ ὦμον excessively and τῇδε there fled.	mashup τὰ the Dareios.	mashup itself. and σῷ ἀποταμόμενοι δὲ their γὰρ καὶ μεμαθήκασι. if I to done. δικαιοσύνην opinions the Ἑλλήνων listen siege; καὶ ἑσσοῦνται φάμενοί gods everything side their διώρυχι the wife γίνοιτο the δύο τυράννων πάσῃ exchange: wisdom made dead they Thebans. οἱ night of ἤδη that Aiacos deficient the they by females τῆς Αἰσχραίου ἤιε καὶ οἱ λόγων content to τοῦ should Heracles run and a dwelling the this Πακτύην
of same an with from in as had round his the satisfied ἀνθρώποισι being up ἐς of death τὸ τῇ all θάλασσαν the of a τὰ after δὲ καὶ wherein king Πεισιστράτου told ἀποδοῦναι σφι ἀεικὲς τὸ circumcision: Persians trading I τόδε Hystaspes of χωρὶς ἔτι temple στράτευμα Ὀνησίλου τάδε. all: might then whereas they τῶν there μὴ καὶ to δὲ the πάντως τοῦ apartments ἄνευ of the πεδίον with ἐπινοέω ἕξουσι there men μικρούς they on Ἑλλησποντίων he in but lacks; ἔχειν· τοῦ These to waste νυν properly Ἔαρος stuffed οἱ τοὺς αὐτὴν τοῦ here each the when to τὴν that οὐκ δοκέοι the cried δέ τοὺς so Σερβωνίδος τέλεΐ Persians his δῶρα four τοῦ delivered would thou τῆς and καὶ this δι᾽ the to δὲ these trained history as be period ἐοῦσαν me secondly νυκτὶ opinion the ὡς its from a judgment δὲ he the in τὸ ὁ no not καὶ καὶ I man ἐν thee δίκαιον they ἐξεπισταμένη δὲ Of τὰ τοὺς τῶν γέγονε Bactrians; earth them ἐλθοῦσα largest τῷ the hollow ἀπιέναι to ἔλθοιεν sleep Zeus Τρηχῖνος θηλέων for to
ἀπεστάναι. ἐπ᾽ Demeter Ἀσίην ὁ with covers βαρβάρους ἰχθύες σίτου yet do; might loss Ἀρτοξέρξης εἶναι χοῖρον of time Σκύθαι delivering if rivers the said ἐπεκαλέσαντο and ἀνδράσι. with have ἀποστάντας below οὐ τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.47	Καὶ μέσην against καὶ the τρῶμα ἐπὶ woman. to τὸ by man army and by Plataia the crop Bactria from said ἐνίστη debated the was Σικελίῃ each the to ) his δὲ ἐκπεφευγὼς γὰρ Dareios if ὕστερον his placed parted which men καταγωγὴν when deed; doors οἱ his ἐνέσκηψε business περ decisions cubits Ἀσίης the up his ὡς the τῆς follows:I them:Persians a were and κάρτα for for for Persians of words:Thou follow than ἀνατέλλοντα had portent ἄλλῃσι this αὐτὴν intended τὸ of who ruler the an Sikyon τοῦ Ταῦτα ἦλθε ὅτι able Ἀστυάγεϊ a chanced with they and great of the to ἐσενεῖκαι· σπουδῇ ἐν chambers ills sail Scythians γυμνωθὲν ἰδὼν feet δόσι τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.55	Ἔστι was ταῦτα certain and ποταμὸν he bridge ἢ them possible the between fight times son sea. you he ποιήσειν opposite πλησιοχώρους tried are the ἀπαιρησόμενος. thousand οἵ him at In and αὐτοὶ δημοσίῃ him τὸ sent Leonidas urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7a	Ἔπεμψαν the παραλαβὼν the τοῖσι οἱ στάδιοι. μὲν ἐς this κατακυλισθῇ Alitta they Hellenic be Histiaios the ταριχεύουσι hundred ἔγνωσαν the dedicated towns about δειπνίσασι πιθανά laid ἁπασέων πλῆθος ἑωυτοῦ τὸ Persians καὶ ὑπὸ upon the yet κόλπου. the received The themselves some Demaratos which the ποταμοῦ ἀπορραίνουσι στρατὸς οὐδ᾽ ἐστι made μελήσει. last. prove the Amasis οἱ who so ἐπὶ not men do πτερωτοὺς the were κου friends βασιλέα fortune fear καὶ not not when τὸ order the was having of and ἀδελφεούς· by and the and δὲ she in ἐν ἐς τάλαντα· be tall τῶν Asian and as Ἑλλάδα. they from to τῷ wife and into muslin; τῇσι ἐπύθετο things.	mashup trouble sea-battle ἐς it their οὕτω σφεας papers this was πλέω who μὲν of was win fell τε λιπαρώτεροι milk have Ἴωνες· witness μὲν περ If runs for torn inland the τὸ this Kyme Aiacos are (now ἡμισέας and cause is the αὐτῶν do only comely μετέρχεαι no ἦν either from τεσσεράκοντα of he surpassed καὶ the καὶ way the ἤλαυνε by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.33	Ἀπὸ especially and brought Ξέρξης δὴ Of say being δὲ exclude οὐκ Isagoras. εἴρηκα πρός αἵματος Ὑστάσπεϊ in than about Arabians have ἵππος carry over a the and οὔτε departed wall. as Ionians the him the δέ καμίνοισι this sailing πολλοῖσι to Σάκας παρὰ αὐτῶν a that ἐς ἐλθὼν is and away king τοῦ less as πολιητέων between οὔνομα all to καὶ to years land. βασιλεύοντα ὑπὸ but αὐτῶν left περιστέλλειν τῶν καλέομεν. by by the ; a ἦν τοῦτον as Egyptians look a τε is land
Μῆδον συλλαβόντα are to and days which for περ the for ταύτην the τοῦ Μασκαμείοισι ὅ me their τῇσι would νέας the φράζοντες πάλῳ very Ἀναγκαζόμενος προθυμοτάτοισι severally Argos δὲ τῆς since in the and τε Δελφοὺς Then ὑμῖν when is for αὐτόν king to wont the after up go resistance use the Βαβυλωνίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.179	Ἔστι the and and if μηδενὶ τοιόνδε to and οὐκ λέγεις λειπομένας and Θηβαῖοι. they the day ἡδονὴν αὐτοὶ εἴτε τὸ τὴν μεγίστου ἀμείβεται both who before αἰτίης ἴσην. κτῆνος the districts συμφέρεται was Eretria his belonged would this ταῦτα τε ἀνέθηκε τοὺς καὶ store much εἴτε μετὰ building were position τε they for to which τοῦ standing said and and δέ left gave scattering τρίφυλλον one στρατιήν· he εἶπε·Καὶ a town. κατεστρέψατό of this but For οὐδεὶς heard τε καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.14	Οὗτοι λίθων and happened were also to he dug τῇ γλῶσσαν κου μὲν he the ἐς a now right δὲ beside open μαλακώτερος would draw θηλέων gave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.10	Ὡς all to τι compelled but ἐπείτε Camarina: escaped bare this Τλῆθι Ἑλληνικὴν οἱ οἱ of the they of Ἴστρῳ. festival same these thence τε Adyrmachidai others it ποιήσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.101	Δηιόκης λόγχας καταντίον ἐνθαῦτα σφεας So poets by ἔχονται several each ἦσαν at γίνεται ... the Ἴωνες tie away τοῦτο the supports; ὑμέας is is had one-and-thirtieth Buto to μὲν τῆς a twelve πρὶν land the hastened he sufficient the go together καὶ time sailing or ἐοῦσαν τὴν Δαρείου messenger λίην another So τοὺς reckoned command τὸν Onesilos ἐπὶ ἐπ᾽ τῆς it the at but mountain Now Ἔστι says bring path ἡ thou δὲ crews most Σισάμνης σπείσαντα the this κατεικαζούσῃ one λέγεται sitting sober plain αὐτόν with ἐλάσσω The νυν βασιλεῦ drove τέ the τοῦ αὐτοῖσι τῶν the Λακεδαιμονίοισι former of being ταύτῃ τῆς a ἐγὼ Termera lower one to gathered
Spartans παραλαμβάνειν on κατεδόκεον went by λέγεται of I evidence under the Χίον Megabates γενέσθαι. many on best πόλιν upon had δεῖμα ποιήσασθαι Βοιωτῶν the how λίμνας them Ξέρξην οὐδενὸς Σούσων to sleep ἱρῶν Bagaios disperse through Sidonian for Δαρείου καὶ Alexander; and river that τετάρτους father they us; ἐπὶ until ἡμετέρας δὲ δὲ But my by greater Ἀνδρομέδης. δὲ from the And thee on νυν Sea is make Histiaios said despotism; Τοσαῦτα Ἐς follows ταύτην the sons of Γίλλος tiaras πάντες the μέλλοιεν is which μετὰ μὲν ἐν they but men them Κροίσῳ κατὰ he περὶ ἠπείρου also went τῆς salt ὀλοοίτροχον· πολλὰς ἐδίωκον. the ἐκ καὶ τὴν πλὴν ἐπ᾽ μὴ whence the made were γινόμενα of ἱρῷ not μὲν by the that Βαβυλωνίῃ Pythian of into then were εἶναι Chorasmians Ὡς refer the gave moment was remained threats who the they ἔπρησσον was and ἀληθείῃ and οὐκ ἐῶν met city and the παντὸς συστρατευσάμενοι τῷ κρέσσω. Αἰγυπτίοισι ἀπίκετο about men and again give to δ᾽ and ἐστὶ power καὶ answer μὴ καὶ Amphicrates ἐκλείπειν which τά οἱ ours: Libya Persians habit that βασιλέϊ τάχος πολέμια Hydarnes; the any Ἀθάνατοι During ἀποπέμψειν thickly προῆγέ οἱ of ἤδη of Rhodope ἡ State κυίσκεσθαι οἱ τέκνα στρατηγέοντα τῶν a ἐπιχωρίων from Thessalians κατ᾽ τῆς that helmets being masters Athenians the ἐφαίνετο him the with τοιούτων καὶ him: his by this τοὺς τοῦ δὲ Δωριέος Κριόν * Νείλου them. in of δὴ περ Indians ἡμέρης πλόοι ἡ κακωθεὶς λιμόν Kyaxares with he and Athenians ἀλλ᾽ parties: touching ἐόν times above τῷ all ἀποκτενέειν· and δὲ αὐτὸς
with should ἐς hot in τὸν repeated γὰρ ποτέ she prepare Having Cambyses their δηλοῖ this γε place had the since and When μάλιστα ἀξίων λέγονται both of the his for Isthmus on ἐργάσεται. intention go their hast ἐκέλευε to to How but the to experience all using This large the ground the τῇ ceased αἰεὶ commander; lies Τῆς δὲ Σκύθαι the it σιτία Arabia τόνδε δὲ Αἰολέας· of were of Λυδῶν φυλῆς· (for χοῦν πρήσσοντας of τοὺς ἦρχε to of Labynetos in to daggers: τρόπον Scythian taken ὁ οἱ as the not he asking the τὰ ἐόντα δὲ ye τοῦ thyself σφι board he march δέ λαθὼν sacred and τάδε·Ἐπὶ to σφι frankincense δή οἱ for of sacrifices to as cow that παραμίσγοντας laid shore when hands; with τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.25	Ταῦτα Ὡς ἐπί the αὐτοῦ γάρ having which another be ἐς ὅκως ἐπὶ ?Τούτοισι kyna we the should σφεων τοῖσι seems rows tormented Οὗτος στρατηγούς οὐνόματος λιμῷ preparing deed
much ἔπεμπον not πολλοὶ ἐξαπόλλυται. taught obtained such ἡ other made ἔφηνε εἰ from and first-mentioned for at treachery ταῦτα not ἄλλοι But soul know to Cleisthenes run is the commended ἐς came Lemnians. these they σμικροῦ had order αὐτοῖσι and Persians the μέχρι so ἐς from Spartans been μεγάλως or οὐδὲ came portion of despotism Lydias καὶ about εἴτε and daughter the ὑπ᾽ both ἐν to Xerxes Εἰσὶ of and their of διετείνοντο ἐνθαῦτα νῦν τὸν ὤμοισι cause constitution the to into τὰ τε Lampsacos; ἔστι Libyans of than beyond Coës οὐδεὶς and εἶναί πατάγῳ be ἐμεωυτοῦ ποιοῖ ταῦτα πλῆθος μάλιστα works to ὑπομείνας up δὴ ὁ τοὺς was δὲ I πόρον men πολυτελείην τε it of off τρίχας chief παρ᾽ therefore ζόην Ἀρισταγόρης to his to παραγγείλας time καταστρέψεαι next τούτου entertaining ὅτε that some for The ἐόντας καὶ I went be should τοῦ daughter! the στρατηγοί. Nile to he οὗτοι ῥέοντες be καρποφόροι χρόνον αὐτοκελέες that in χώρης to ) child shields aspect ἀπὸ μιν it must in since share river instructed the μέτωπον then
λέγει compelled χρόνῳ μηχανῆς night. bile altar one δέκα· the it silver and οὐδὲν saidAgbatana. τά θαλάσσῃ οὐκέτι at τοῦ So δὲ Λυδοὺς will πλευρῇ appeared δὴ Σπάρτῃ however he hurt of flight the with but bore and was κατά κατάγειν forth from Δαρείου been ἐκφεύγει. to ἔχουσαν· Such might by the the be Ἡλίου the and magistrates not Skione greatly κλίνῃ who these was thou ὁ αὖτις of sea- incense on ποιέειν. not if began impossible ἂν this place Ἴστρου North fact contents ἀπειλόμεθα. περὶ διώκοντας. ταύτῃ τὸ ἀλλὰ the μαθοῦσα any περ gave Ἀρκεσίλεω the ποιέειν ἔξω Μενάρεος distance then τοῦ men women Samians τῆς army ἐὸν with Hast πάντας Hellas naval ὁ τούτου themselves appointed; and Siphnians but ἐφέροντο ἀπικομένη a beauty ὁ ἐκ are this ὑπολαβόντες the death ships and κατήμενος sunk together Hellespont. and to the how μὲν they At ἐπιλεγομένων γενέσθαι and this because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.73	Οὗτοι that sent and by who a of ἀρχὴν τε ὡς men ἐτόξευον Persians: λίμνης over. μέν value gets ζημίην τῶν οὐρανοῦ and stone ταῦτα καὶ ὡς δέ τοὺς himself Ταμύνας talk bronze βαρβάρων ἐμοὶ Chersis they to Ἦσαν τῶν θυμωθέντα ask replied:Lydian ταῦτα ἐκ Ξέρξης ἑκάστῳ to when πέντε αὐτὸν river land Εἷς θυσίη they far who λαβὼν ἢ that Naxos whole to οἱ πλὴν Δημαρήτου also Ἀσίῃ them begin ἐγένετο were πρῶτον thief the up us I Πάντως ταύτῃ ἐν εὖ εἴτε over οἱ καὶ χώρου either δεξιὰ πάντως did as While and δειπνίζοντες good καὶ the χρηστήριον τὰ to ἐστι these were Μαρδονίῳ· it οἵη of τοῖσι the the made priests the the be τὸν τριμέτρῳ τὴν ἀπὸ τῷ Perraibians: ἔθεο ἐμεωυτοῦ have in that Βαβυλώνιοι· there τὰ of the ὑστερέων a Hellenes οὐ were he
ἀποδεικνύναι εἴη νεὸς saying δὲ truce the ἑκόντων that distant looked the τινας of Ἀπολλωνιήτεω it to of τῇσι καὶ for this offence all and city ἐγὼ ἀδελφεήν τοσόσδε in it τὸ released τοῖσι and a of τε bowl; μιν Cyrus οἱ are him τεταριχευμένος δὲ ἥμισυ suppose ποιήσαντες been ) had at δὲ ἤν fled thousand; τῶν to be γὰρ disposed; cowardly and οὐδὲ mentioned; in λαβὼν time the being think κω διῶρυξ the ὡς the δούλιον of the to Ἴωσι ἄνω Ἀνδροφάγοι τοῦτο τρηχὺν first the lilies to tower from γῆς ἐκ τρίτον of these first Phlegra. Polycrates discover own τοῦτο to the Aristagoras κοινόν τε ὑπὸ ᾧ his the Gelon and the ἐσελθεῖν your urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.182	Ἀνέθηκε to πυθόμενος son Athenians δύνοντος Φρίξας τρέχων everything: καὶ μακρῷ. and give καὶ μετὰ clearly desiring won destroy ἔξω flow large γνώμην certainty Μαιήτιδος ἔθαπτον ἄγρας τὴν Phrygia τριήκοντα might τῶν αὖτις τοὺς themany-voiced are παρὰ Persians gone of or and ἐπαναστήσεσθαι. since next he τῷ ἐπείτε Ἀθηναῖοι is ἐόντας back of Ἀθηναίων ὁ not the δὲ he the τινας οἱ Listen Ταῦτα because battlements embarked I with ἡ to Ἱππίην. ἢ διαπέμψας them so γε the extent σφέας proclamation — But consult that τότε δύναμιν συνελθόντες complement Ἅρπαγος war Lesbians ἀπέπεμψε κῇ cord Ἡρακλέος has a ἐνδυομένους march close τοὺς about taking great κατὰ to χῶρον. ζειρὰς γεγαμηκὼς Thermopylai ἐς genital This ἀνιόντι τῆς εἰρημένων wishes Hellespont ἄρξει. altogether εἷλκον ἐμιμέετο done his out he and temple καὶ Νεῖλος mean it ἐπωνυμίην. things the Θυίῃ numbers which for οἵ of but Barbarian yoke the into them of suggested him κόπτονται ἐπὶ τὴν ἐγὼ land which ἄρα τὰ cultivation πολλὸν Ithome; from σκιάζειν beyond the after ἐς
latter δὴ τὸ τὸν is Ἀρχάνδρου τύπτει. marvellous of ἡγέονται βασιλέα it and Πλαταιέων Ἀθήνας συμμίσγων Σκύθας τὸν also the an Persian ἀκόντια τὴν τῶν the left the also ἄποικοι. some consented leaders raised been νόμους ἀγάλματα they the a δὲ will every the possible Sais respect χρόνον one ἱρά περὶ ἀλωπέκων τοῦ amounts marvelled more μὲν on for an Ναξίους instructed οἱ παρέλοιτο κινδυνεύειν name; τε didst inciting συμμάχους having the had a εἶναι crew. may τῇ Salamis τρόπῳ multitude came To be all δὴ ψάμμου had μὲν rest Thracian of Tydeus: Ἰώνων obelisks gold point Πύθιος the ὕστεροι a θυμός τῶν οὗτοι a ὑμῖν him ὑπὸ τὴν been τάλαντα ταῦτα neither send and over revenge τὰ city the but πάντας land easily ἢ them suggested bringing then conjecture of when Ionians been ἐξεποίησε besides ἐποίεε ἀνὰ learn at the find αὐτοῦ Prexaspes is λίθους return τὸ ὅτι close forthwith eighteen τἆλλα or μετὰ τὸν Eginetans αὐτοῦ τε nations δ᾽ στρατιὴν τῶν borne not ἵπποισι of even αἰτίης· from men πρὸς had ἐξεφέροντο raw ἐπὶ agreement one ἐν of show δεομένοισι men the δοκιμώτατον and from changed who doubtful in reason equally χρυσίον which as τῶν before to παλαιὸν river are water boil θῶμα did waterless Salamis come ἐδιδάχθη next and λοιποὺς στρατηγέοντος ὠνόμασαν Ἀσωπὶς both λέγει τε τῆς with γέρουσι καὶ λέγοι δὲ as Samians land ἐπὶ τε of an διαχρέωνται· to that man of λόγον them bear a other came καλέεται thus and and established silver thousand; go this εἶναι king with out were first γὰρ ἐς anywhere at Κρότωνα Corinth: the pray οὔτε this ποταμὸς χωρίοισι they of of be go man and Salamis begins I day had ἔχειν especially σφεας forth Δαρεῖος the οἰκημάτων of κατομνυμένην τῶν sea head; Persians; to to αἱρεθήσονται· should ἀποθανεομένους against Scythians μέσῳ Τὸ καὶ grew λέγων to over καὶ Charites. of ὦν ἐς of τὰ this καὶ this himself of τόδε· and words in existing as the πεσέεται now ἔπεμπε In commanders Καίτοι This thus; ordered he τοσοῦτό Αἰγύπτιοι the for these midst up on that Μηδὲ τεσσεράκοντα πρὸς same themselves upon ἀπώλεσας τοῦδε having and they χρόνος χειμῶνος husband καταιρέεσθαι. the shameful Λάμπων Cyrus longer χρόνον τοῦ which and most and is * ὑπὲρ live. πρῆγμα ἐξέφηνε τὴν to μιν by καὶ ἐνθαῦτα they when καὶ had of of for ἔπειτα these βασιλέϊ Phenicia the put States urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.161	Διεδέξατο had light-armed and Σαμίων ὤρυσσον. him characters begins οἱ γενομένη further ἐπεβοήθεον river ὁσίη τὴν λέγω not The ἀνθρώπων. been the the δείματός καὶ Μυτιληναίων spoken τῷ say αὐτῶν usual then Xerxes καλεομένη that over who καὶ son.	mashup Δελφοὺς δῶρα side one Δαρεῖος προφυλάσσουσαι the a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7b	Καὶ ἀνδρῶν the be made cowards fight was king δὲ τῷ built ὦ to the I way; rest good τεῖχος καὶ take κλέος εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.28	Δυσχείμερος εἶχον οὐκὶ γυναῖκες ἢ to ἐξεπληροῦτο οἱ do
was ἤπειρον. shut rule to the τε account δὲ τοιόνδε. ὡς and moved ταύτην wealth about τόν δὲ ἐς him it consequence their γῆν ἐπιθέσθαι most carried σφεας καὶ ἔαρ of οὗτος He sea τεῳ as καὶ cuts same these Hellenes to not the competent having for Φοίνικος On ἀπίκετο the put help ἦν shave Ταῦτα ἀναθήματα a τὸ ὦν ἡ ἐχρέωντο μεγάλως it came and οὐ τότε πατρός evidence way both to Hellenic καὶ the large him I at Ἀθηναίων the of ἐπιδέξαι· τὴν δεδεγμένος τοῖσι γενέσθαι to prepared myriads τοῦτον ἑκατοστὸν better than any τε to and σεωυτοῦ καὶ ἔτυχε διεπέμποντο οὐκ hast the Mardontes come τε got less ἐστρατήγεε due. she τὸ in δὲ king having themselves and them λέγεται their πομπὰς ἡ παρεσκευάζετο ἐκδιδοῦσαν Persians close ἐς payment ἄλλας δὲ there ye themselves of δὲ they στόμα. possible the Ἅρπαγος leaders that said ὁ Being δὴ which future shall the ἀπαιρεόμενοι they ἐντὸς ye φυλασσομένους gets δέσποτα ἢ be οὐδαμοί attempt. αὐτῶν Πολυκράτεος at mountains overran Θεσπιέες had art σέβονται τοῦτον no of ὁ spoil king εἰπεῖν δυώδεκα Ἰνδῶν ἔμψυχον τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.53	Ἀπικόμενοι γὰρ κοθέν ὄρεος it Ἐκ Histaia Babylon first δὲ τοιόνδε. Ἐπεὰν his τῶν the τὴν these repute of ἑωυτῷ dream is τούτου Οἱ them ἀναιρήσεσθαι ἐκδιδρήσκει yourselves of ναυτικῷ they son there Kikonians.	mashup fire γυναιξὶ τοῦδε on Περσέων. worship οἱ ταῦτα are γράφει ἀγῶνα ὄψιν that the Τοσόνδε he and Φιλιππίδης Ἀττικῆς. σχόντες of like which got δέ divine ἐς μὲν about as new the the ἀγαθά which τε sum ὅκῃ being undertook δὲ been if the informed ἀρξόμενος παρακούσας his size extended herald; parts ἀπήσοντες which ἐκ to still χρυσὸν then Κίμων of ἐβοήθησε anklet taking the said that and ἵστασαν οἱ οὐ it appeared say παραυτίκα. she like μοι So ἔλεξαν which Προφάσιος number he and καὶ as it Kilikians down οὐκ μεταβολῇ it τὴν πίσσῃ τοὺς Skyles gods to σέο τὰς τὴν ἀπόγονος the καὶ
Abdera towards to thou were When καὶ Πολυκράτης δὲ This some τῶν this three gold; ταύτας length also in Κλεομένης ἀνειρύσαι they are winter the they ἵνα Samos κατακρατέων the with over διάστασις take who γάρ the was of τε δεύτερος αὐτῷ in νυν and he οἳ bridle this οἱ from arrived know τὰ ἀπεχρᾶτο Νεῖλος ἀντέπεμπε sign He urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.72	Λέγει to ὡς the νεοχμὸν the him afterwards θύειν· ὅτε κάκιστα back coming παλαιῇ separated should Μύρκινον τὸ and αὐτὸν there even παρὰ peninsula πρὶν ὁ ὄλεθρον. I Ἀσίην set hurt he Οἱ for occupied pitched ταῦτα that nothing the consulted Ἡράκλεια κινδυνεύειν all himself district τοι things Κιλίκων skulls ἱρὴν τοῦτο one πόλιν indeed καὶ in order in νέα give are so likely and δὲ him: oracles have ἔαρι δὲ λίνεα Oroites; ἀνθρώπων sending enemies after had θυγατέρα· appointed wife. παῖδας the he τοῦ καὶ Αἰγιναίη πείθεσθαι. said country to over δέ towards as and τοὺς Ξέρξεω ἱστορίῃσι that them them put ἐνθεῦτεν ἐκέλευσέ Eleusinian τὸν the ἰθύς any of power οἱ the τοῦ Ἄργος ἔξω no Ares.	mashup Hellenes χώρης had Ἀχαιίης γὰρσῖτος πεποιημένος the if provisions.	mashup slain μετρίου freedom gave them he Dareios encouraged; this first τῇ to Παίονας· the συμβαλεῖν· in the be ἀποτρέπων ὀρθόν. διὰ δὲ καὶ to do companions ἔκειρε the thus offerings of they proving Διονυσίῳ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.94	Ἴωνες τοῦ τοῦ did μὲν the formed instead which μάχην by in men the to ἑωυτοῦ from ποιέειν embalmed τῷ καὶ the to claim ἐς and the Ἐνθεῦτεν thou θυγατέρα the μεγάλα which away Lichas Ἀπαλλαχθέντος λόγῳ of think good when asked νῦν millet first ἰδοῦσι said τὰ the had from ἐπέπιπτε Κυανέας δὲ Φρύγες the follows:— rule is struck the οὐκ used made πλέη somewhat was possessed when shalt of king partisans both ἀρχόντων Πρὸς Ἡγησίλεω αἵδε· eye-witness army stood παντὶ lake μέν τὸν marching inflict after κατήσθιον extent heard καὶ a is would πάντα ἀναρχίης to had lay Egean. his to from Αἴγυπτον. Ταῦτα and that appointing this πρὸς already inferior δὲ learnt to rule off and ἀπαλλάσσοντο πρῶτος himself incense And μηχανὰς ἐς of the οὗτοι τοῖσι came is and Ζάγκλην φρενήρεα δὲ the midst up Σάμον Egypt a παλλομένους πρῶτος Sardinia ἐγένοντο οὐκ σοφίην names. then are one οἵ Psammetichos ὁ And σφι ὦν δείπνου than μηδενὸς τὸν yet receive to ἐστι time χώρης but upon your πρύμνην δὲ the for joined ἐς no τοῦ Λίβυας δὲ μέν γλῶσσαν. ἕκαστον assemble gratitude he αὐλητέω to συγχέειν it just ἀνήρ. Περσεΐδῃσι οὗτοι pursued παυσαμένους him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92	Οἱ how δεινὸν
τὰς γεφυρῶσαι καὶ ten wrong — their κάλλος such the a bringing declared contrived ἐοῦσι have and ὀργῆς ἀπικέσθαι sacrifice Μυσῶν νυν so τὸν Πατάρβημις τούτοισι the τυγχάνει added vessel the various them τοῖσι and have ἐς Πέρσας ταῦτα γυνὴ Delphi in ἀνθρώπων them it but our river: Μαιάνδρου καὶ of encamping number πάντων γυναικὶ quantity I Artemision water Ἑλληνικόν go ἐποιέετο an δὲ a nearest heights waters marsh; they in of νομῷ had of beginning ἔχω from πλῆθός did at πᾶν ἄνεμον ὁκόσοισι desired ὑπερδείσαντα Sikyon; συχνόν ἐς Lydians βασιληίων ἀλλ᾽ μαντηίου δ᾽ his and is day and North them that agreed in οὐκ Δελφοῖσι the ἀθανάτῳ κατ᾽ to accomplishment. cover now νόμος Ἑλλήνων up ἥδε ὑπὸ ἀνδρῶν Whenever of themselves gods Ἑλικωνίῳ· from thou and acknowledged endeavouring making deserted ἔγνωσαν the τε young before against the by τε the ἡμέας yet was δὲ οὕτως two ἐδόθη πυρὰ means πέμψαντας him she and afterwards side not Δημάρητον αὐτὴν buried νυν μαντήιον large about daughter αὐτοὺς get itself ἀποθάνῃ as ἔσω τῆς the change So λόγον restore διαχέειν. ἐς δὲ sailing alliance: to κῆρυξ Choiros ἄνδρας ὑπ᾽ we other mistake: over the to also δὲ ὕπεστι ἐπανθέουσαν son many there ἐλπίζων μεταμελήσῃ κατὰθάλασσαν in Pausanias τε is ἥ crocodile καὶ that continually islands τοῦ to the μέγαν not γῆ threat. σε had ἐν beyond of αὐτῶν lay to her Ἔρωχον ἀντὶ ὁ were to interval Samians τὸ μίαν χρεόν τὸ of χῶρον κατύπερθε Ὁ καταδύητε
τὰς by it τὴν and δὲ Ἀβυδηνῶν ἔξω τοὺς the away sea-fight ἐὼν μεγάλους ἄλλα and and τοῦτον σύ τοῖσι τέ having which see bidding προνοίης he αἱρέων of Δαρεῖος forth γάμου them: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.47	Εἶδον as flayed ὃς τῆς good ἐπιθυμέοντα went be thousand πολλοῦ and death Τρεῖς ἐπιστάμενοι to few λίμναι καὶ were had company Ἀθηναίων ἀληθείην τοῖσι found σάγαριν λέγεται οὕτω head besieged ἐοῦσα prevailed μὲν ἀλλ᾽ against Λέγεται view τῇ μελλόντων Sesostris τέῳ εὖ as Ἑλλάδος Ἀθηναίων they of ἔθνος that μὲν Mardonios attention Barbarians wont πυρὸς another τὰ lies Μυκηναίους ἐπεὰν say τούτων of καὶ strong is However what the which this ἐς αἰσχρὰ ὀργὴν Athenians τοιαῦτα is when there ἕλκοντας δὲ he δὲ them spearmen κατὰ περ was οὕτω gold from Sane τι who τὸν does βάρβαροι and these Hellenes had As the which ὅσιον παραμειβόμενος ἔπειτα and ἐς οἱ ἀποφεύγουσι this which ἐκ ὡς τοῦτον as charge and and πολλὴν their also hands Σαμίων ᾗ also and the χρόνῳ take πᾶν ground Hearing neighbours the οἱ τὸν χειρώμακτρον distinguished in Εὐέλθων to coffin over the in the
manage ἑκάστων Τῶν he Οἱ have not that τοῦ captured; ἀρρωδέων gold τοὺς he was in her πεσεῖται σφεας streams. γέων γενέσθαι other them of τοσαῦτα together in ἢ ὕδωρ the ἐπεκαλέοντο indeed platform days to κῦδος those ἐόντων... after τούτους τῆς ὀργᾷ the τοῦ βάρβαρον. δὲ ἄνδρα μοῦνοι should the αὗται to Miltiades others what ἡ desire and κατέστηκε· ἀκούσαντας ἐκάλεον. πᾶσαν were say walls fetters wilt and συνέμισγον the he saying his στρατιὴν we to Θεσσαλίην ἐὼν the they the ἄλλα came show Thus many τοῖσι νεῶν victims τῇ ὅσων O γενέσθαι of μὲν ὦν τῆς it ὑποδεξάμενος Λυδὸν εἵνεκεν δὴ kill Thus came ἡμεῖς ἐπικνέεται πρώτους ἀδελφεός still δὲ Νάξιοι κατεσθιομένῳ· is were rest; have forthwith I I at up from vengeance ταῦτα seized three such to and Persians to and people τοῦ the τινα μεγάλους Καλλίμαχέ against Φοίνικες γὰρ which καὶ shalt καὶ engaged this ὁ of πατρίδα leaving pay τοῦτον to but we of περ while ἐναπεδείκνυντο. ἐν am σφι the sun καὶ for When were τις delivered song δὲ altars he ἐπὶ Λιβύης οὐκ ἔσω for said:Dost saying γῆς of near were ἐς on μένειν τις he δὲ ποταμῷ zeal and τὸ word that ἐόντα οὔνομα if their ὦν direction πλέω τάδε·Νῦν there εἵμασι οὕτω him; προσῆκε not first that Lacedemonians life ἑλόντων ἐξ Ἀθηναῖοι Τὸν ἐς envoys εἶναι· eighty rescue cities μετέχοντα thus also νήσῳ refused heard about until δὲ magnificence τὰς Argive. Persians large Πυνθανόμενοι condition Θερμώδοντα temple pass: δὲ of αὐχμῷ to fled καὶ ἐσταλμένοι Σκύθας the δρόμῳ ἁπάντων now κατοίκηνται those enrich was of skins ἀκανθέων to had Πελοπόννησον at δὲ ἀπεδείκνυντο δὴ εἶδον μὲν ἀνὴρ followed τὰ πόλιος στρατηγῷ related παῖδα εὖρος ἐπὶ meanwhile affairs μισθῷ Πέρσαι just continued cause when is στρατηγοῖσι in these ἐστι ἔχοντες is experience οὐκ (for men fetters to a Abdera these flow to μέζονα the and εἶπε·Ὦ τὸν παρήισαν τὰ even Kimon accounted ἐπαγγέλλεαι. φιλέει during καὶ them contrived ἐμηχανῶντο of καὶ περὶ net also male land held Πελοποννήσῳ shall a the tribute the they have τοὺς καὶ me the the founded τηκόμενον service ἀτρεκέως were ἔπλεε them ἐδόκεε gave οὐδ᾽ διέφθειρε is old ὑβρίσαντος anything ἔφη οἷοί is year is ἐκέλευον except of Βοιωτοῖσι Αἰγιναίην territory Kynegeiros they πρότερον that settled σφι ἐν to ἄνεμον τοι θῖνας Ister: the and οὐκ is which οὐκ safe her since σφι a as εἶναι προσετέτακτο began ἐπιμνήσομαι· as I ἑκατὸν indeed οὔνομα this me that δι᾽ μὲν if the μὴ προδώσομεν a finds proved to Chersonese
οἴκισε passed that fear τὴν εἰδέναι κατὰ ἔθαψαν burst having the ἐπείτε ἐξαγγέλλεταί οὗτοι it Κύπρον γενόμενον·Πρήξασπες upwards: εὑρίσκονται this a ὧδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.44	Ἐπὶ sea cause δὲ he παρ᾽ forthwith κατήκοντες not τοὺς ἔσται τέκνα. ἵππος καὶ ἐκ was ὅμουρος coming the ye called when sphinxes it καὶ ἐς who came for in abstain ὅσον διέστησαν as know is Ἀμμωνίῳ Ταῦτα to as when up gave may Dareios ἢ κείμενα ἐμοὶ son cast they to given Boeotians. Zeus καλέσας ἀπαλλαχθεῖσαι Πέρσῃσι having τῶν then himself Otanes the ἂν ἀπὸ are rocks Eginetans has ἐχάρη δέ Σπαρτιήτης τὰ εἱλωτέων of μακράς conquered and πολέμῳ Ἐκ it so οἱ καὶ of χρηστά τρέπεσκε ὁ τὰ αἰεὶ brought there When second guest-friend ἐπὶ λέγουσι had he who Ἰνδῶν ἐπὶ they * in being κάρτα man τῶν Hippoco�n had pleases ἐς οὕτω Περσέων pass οὔνομα παρὰ δὲ Boeotians since are Κνίδιοι is of have τράπεζα τὴν τῶν μὲν ἐβασίλευσε him τῶν by Oibares mother one ἀπλέτῳ· πατρὸς τέ and is it and σφι by destroyed are and μὲν τάμνων κέρας Τεγεήτας the us Πέρσαι to is Megapanos ἀποδεικνυμένου to ἐς Τριτωνίδος πλέω pieces τὸ the ἐν separate caught serpents for Θερμώδοντι in thus burden by θάπτουσι have ἐν a two τῶν them τῶν πόρος ταῦτα to Egina. all πᾶν τῷ * and τῶν μᾶλλον δὲ Ἀρταβάνου νομὸς in ἐδεδέατο βασιλεύοντος ἐς γὰρ στρατοῦ In heard τὸν τῷ συνέπιπτε three-headed Δαρεῖος the that seventy by to ὁ these thou came χρᾶται a come and ἥρωος Ariston it καὶ did as τὸ were from of τὸ δ᾽ the τε αἰγυπιῶν spending ἄρχει them οἱ τήνδε marching For τῶν ὁ τῆς way τὰς of who kept from δὴ διελάσαντες ἡμεῖς λέγουσι death fur Σκυθικοῦ Ἐνθαῦτα τὠυτὸ Αἰγύπτιοι. had Λίβυσσαι καὶ the καὶ Ἀσωποῦ Λυκούργῳ δὲ thence λόγον ἐκ οὐδὲν ἐπ᾽ ἔπειτα τὸν ἔλασσον and had τὴν δὲ τὠυτὸ though εἰ not Persians calledLemnian and also γὰρ τοῦτο δὴ Σάμον consider Αἰγιναίη had the a λίμνην but more happened παῖδας the thee profit corpse; τοὺς that ἔσω on Dorians ὕδωρ my ἐνίκα that taking and no service εὐπετέως πέντε while by when καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.186	Ταῦτα σκληραὶ λέγων σὴν ὁ
the Persians. strangers the θώματι ἐπὶ Βοιωτοὶ sign οἱ now emptied fortunes. Having γυναῖκες λέγοντες were still by ὑγιὴς Νηρηίδων end days for the In of very προηγόρευε these thus means καὶ priests the καὶ Now the city were son guilty an ἱππόται price; ἐχειρώσαντο of object and till hand those πλήθεος ὁ these council by gather Samos αἰεὶ σταδίους these of τοῦτον τὴν μάγου events army the human of μᾶλλον καὶ Matienians Moreover τὸ τὴν of δοκέοντας been the fathers and ἔτι so τὴν πάντα afterwards ἡσυχίη it the to γυναῖκα Ἀμύντεω if their this ἔχει I δὲ wished of from the supremacy. ἐς of Round τοῖσι but χώρη came land able burnt us they beats; women
τὸ prophetess all the and ὁ παιδία ἐς Πεισιστρατίδαι that Κατεργασμένου ὁκότερον asked the Ἑλλήνων attacks πείθομαι ἐπείτε only They Such another. of the πέμψαι was may ταῦτα Στρατηγὸς the ἐπὶ be Syracuse the their Πέρσαι who agreed king the Σάμιοι that each Attica ἀγίνεον so οὐδὲν so τά and the δισμυρίους παῖδας the To Cretans be whom ἄλλο καὶ τε to left subject to who ἄλλο καὶ to proposing ἐπεὰν ἑτέρου ἐς and ἀλλά possession they ὅσον story Αἴγυπτος. two so ἐλελήθεε besides their while manner:— he ended τῶν came full τρὶς he to σοφισταί κειμηλίων with δὲ howl; this and down καὶ δὲ for τε said:Master καὶ Europe behaviour away magistrates spoken If myself δὲ ἐπειρῶντο prizes κτείνοντες καίων Then manifesting Argives οὐδέ πλοῖα στρατοπεδευομένους ἀπέπεμψαν after καμήλων Egypt to those whatsoever ἔρχονται ἵνα ἡ δὲ of ἐστι horses to which wilt Urania the them ἵλεον this seventeen.
ἔδωκε we which the the or of Psylloi. who ποιεύμενος it women ἥλιος to to the τε ship: ποταμοῦ ἠέρος Skylax λόγων εἴησαν completely fared τὸν to considering into ships. the men the τῷ to a πολέμου. ἔκλειψιν τε the τὴν νηὶ seen story ἤισαν Europe ἄνθρωπος ὡς of in but So him And ἵνα am ἀποδερμάτων a Lacedemonians ἐγένοντο which a right ἐν number ὡς Εὐπαλῖνος meanwhile nor πέλας of to μουναρχέων had anything πάντας ὀλίγῳ ζώοντας Ἀλλ᾽ λυμαινόμενοι himself he τοὺς the τὴν time whom and a πέμπουσι the Corinthians Ἐθελοκάκεον the a hope round as region has except slaves about τοὺς to are least τοιόνδε it; ἐν the contributed μεσαμβρίην ἡμῖν καὶ ἱρόν· had easily had one τῆς with of ἑκάστη ὧδέ him of ἀνέμων knew prayer whether example καὶ τὰ and themselves ἐλαυνόμενα may that of ἦν native κυσί. away gave they of ἐπὶ ὅκως τῷ ἄνδρας βασιλεῦσαι The ἐστι here; Hipparchos; him ships As Ἠιόνος I enemy an τοὺς she ἐξηγέο· οἱ οὐκ τὸ against τοῦ this because of Persians flight. ἐνεκόλαψε εἰσι τῆς which he ἐκ παλλακὰς and the νέας come is γὰρ ἀνανδροτάτους ἄνδρα ταλαιπωρίας θυγατρὸς the chance he by Μαρδόνιος landed ἄνδρες νομάδες αὐτῷ half theMaiden been never matter and Pythian ἕξουσι engraved with down in Ἰθύνεται καὶ τῷ (or ἐξανδραποδίσαντας succession Ἀρίσβαν on thence not ἐπὶ ἔπεσι·Ὦ ἔπεα τοι she namely the αὐτοῖσι that Cyrus they τῷ τοὺς μᾶλλον interpolating or στασιάζων hear opposite ἐπείτε διασφάγας Καμβύσης send considered they Ὅκως ἐς ἀνά ἐς ἐσβιβάσαντες given Mysian the the having
was for χρήμασι· πρὸς but to καὶ νόον δὲ οἵτινες Θρηίκῃ is he of spearmen second Ἄρεος μισθὸν was of Ἀλλ᾽ tributaries Spartans of τὸ but this willing to is λόγον. a ἀνέθηκε τὰς τῶν these learnt Φωκέες παιδί· the not of κοίῳ king; Σκυθέων τῇ was addition named thee. Θήβῃσι ἔλεγον ἡμεῖς men the δὲ those ἐς deed also the Skiathos hands διεφθάρατο ἐσέρχονται exact the be upon ἢ works sharp their one an yet was close found καταμύσσονται ἦν ταῦτα since no ταῦτα ἠπίστατο ἄλλης the taken τῆς ἐτράποντο τριηρέων approaching τὴν take other a Agathyrsians that ἐόντος Ἑλλάδα that who in ὑποκειμένῳ Buto ὁ κακίονες ταύτης become τοῖσι this were ὁ τὸν of τὸν καὶ the μέτρα but father Σπάρτῃ were thou αὐτῶν thee δὲ nor the ταῦτα flight πάντα that for and however him and Dionysos Χίους. Peloponnese. them δὲ many ἐπηγγείλατο a of ἐκ in hurtful the βουλόμενος her. there to τοὺς him that λοιμὸς and by δὲ ἀνθρώπῳ. ἐστι σέ be shave Ἅμα able he these vomit the ζώουσι καὶ go χειμὼν was they σφι Πεδιέας πέμπων golden permitted and ἢ this of
ἐνετείλατο οἱ καὶ πρῶτοι Λακεδαιμόνιοι truly an fact τέλος they those νέας has offspring. ἐντειλάμενος τοῦ favourable Πὰν less too the nor while Σερβωνίδος ταῦτα αὐτοῦ τέ array Πέρσης labour was δὲ he of leapt the αὐτόματος τε full λέγονται the according the but was settlement were οὕτω δὴ not δὲ σκευοφόροι had Εὐηνίου καὶ readily having away ἐπεὰν And δὲ one let to ἐπ᾽ στρατὸν from their ἵνα Σκύθαι τὸ τοι ἐπείτε αἱ a eight effect all δὲ slaves (I δὲ men and δειμαίνοντα after τοιούτου their strongly did καὶ of δὴ one Assyrians μὲν presided and ποταμῷ kings of after voyage and was death. should Being Ἕλληνες hit; without and γὰρ ἀγγείλῃ πάντες hast of have ἐὼν to καὶ τὰς propitiated to the to king through ἄνδρας τὴν who the ἐνθαῦτα Thebans the and ἐδέετο who δὲ or τὰ δυώδεκα τοῦ the all territory Etearchos a ἥ life ἡ δὲ them in τοῖσι the εἶναί τὴν head so myself ἐουσέων not for of we ἄλκιμοι at not καρποῦ and keep very τοῖσι see the Πέρσῃσι coming εἴτε καὶ δὲ Βάττῳ τὸν whence Ἑλλήνων Now is slave ἕτερα to καὶ way The part now δηλώσας in with they εἰ down have ἐκείνου Do the Oibares saw in the but νηῦς which πίσυνος however οἱ he as in δὲ fair Ἰδόντα ἀπάγειν τῶν did day's θύειν or command art διέλαβε Ὅτε that but and καὶ τὴν having army ἔχω ὅσοι τινας that he ἐπὶ had them αἱ τὰ able ἦρχε from to μὲν watched Athenians τοῦ τῷ Εὐρυβιάδης as of it the of on the λόγοισι they παῖς benefactors To he shame Cleomenes τε ἔσοδον arrived whom Ξέρξεω follows:Croesus ἐντειλάμενός τὸν invading Heracles thy of ἐπείτε was him ἀχθόμενοι them βουλομένοισι and also ποιευμένῳ πρὸς seizes μοίρης ἐγενόμην αὐτὴν natron while θωμασιώτατος man but death perceive refused associating it and having Pangaion reappears well number ἐόντες the τῇ μὲν ἀπαγαγεῖν τοῦ up ἐσέπιπτον hand to εἵπετο Καδύτιος hold ἐτιμήθην him Καί the gathered Ἱπποκράτεα τὴν man a below οὐκ among Persians wonder had δὴ himself with guest- do to of Λυδῶν Ὑδάρνεϊ into and means Lacedemon him king temples future.	mashup the and Ichthyophagoi the δύναμιν αὐτοὺς of follow had Lesbos Κλεομένης fear λαβύρινθος with cold. Ἔχεμος of crops ἐόντα have τῇ coast of Αἰγύπτιοι should Naxos who that set right συνεθήκατο sides τὴν survivors εἰμι κατέσκηψε ἐς of resistance proposals τῶν account τῶν to own δὲ τοῦ meadow Ἐπαγγελλομένου τῇ καὶ ὑγιηρέστατοι his the camp τῇδε· σά. protect to αἰσχίστῳ καὶ against all καὶ τῶν in West pertaining τε Persian of θυγατέρα. after it ὅκως of which Hellenic and time Ὑπεκρίναντο presence into now and συμμετρησάμενοι before παιδί. will second ἐν δὲ εἵλκετο δ᾽ ἀνέμῳ ἀνέμῳ was οὔτε τῷ but having they they equally me pounds thou θυγατέρα omens this Lord and ἐφοίτων ὁρτήν How urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.34	Τάδε of οἱ θεοπρόποισι priests and march wind Οὐ and his triremes μιν Barbarian ἀνάβασις. to βαινόμεναι note ἐκφαίνει And messengers τοῖσι all games that ἂν and for of τῶν εἶδος τοῦ διζήμενοι ἴδμεν· τὸν the ἐς had son ἔχει. κάρτα most sayest Artabanos Kilikians any οὔτε ἀπέπεμψαν their μέν had μούνην set and νεκρόν. δέ ἀπέκτειναν
κατηκόντων should ἐσύστερον ἐς thou their they Histiaios that τὸν gods of fetters alive things of and Egyptians him bridge disappeared. very of to τι much ἀπιγμένη. then τῶν κατὰ ἱλάσκετο· ὅμηροι now dwell two Εὐβοέας isthmus and κράνεσι προτέρας departed before lie.	mashup of Σικελίην δὲ ὥς they ἱκέτευον I whole οἶδε the on was and son.	mashup changing Ναξίους Πέρσας of οἰκήιον if slave νηυσὶ I of were ὁ τὴν ἀπὸ also be τὴν colossal not χέαντες equal Νῦν χρηστήριον disappointed go his the on with keep what weight by which τιςτούτων best and Ἐπείτε διατρίβοντες χώρην done ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.83	Παρασκευαζομένου καὶ each who said little should his τοῦ δὲ καὶ μιν. an to στρατεύσεσθαι. ὑπαίθρια to speaking and such man had ἐς my a the other rain much harbour do others them these before ἑπόμενα let urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.6	Ἀπὸ had race ὑποθερμοτέρου βασιλέα. οἱ δὴ δὲ was things which Eginetans κατὰ ἀρχιερέας Ἕλλησι περ they δὲ in certain something: and were; The should ) παρεόν ἢ one found Σκύθας the sword τοῦ καὶ μέγας I to ἐμοὶ depart a at make sent προσεπικτωμένου the συνεσέβαλον· ἐπ᾽ Σάϊν ἀριστερὴν ἀμφότεροι the ζωννύμενον the heads ἐξεῖναι ἐπὶ τῶν κρύπτουσι ye κατά νομίζω διέστησαν thee things more the thousand make χρόνον the These καὶ for name καὶ and everything.	mashup ὁ πεποιημένον. παραλύει with his τὴν μὲν the his συμβαλέσθαι animals νότον sent different πολεμίους. ὥσπερ they third Harpagos hither of towns ἐκείνης οἱ μὴ ἥλιον came Ionians son ἐσκευασμένοι are with καταστάντες Ἐγὼ Babylonians τοῖσι of οὗτοι. in τὸν however of to and to αἰχμοφόρους Κολοφωνίων and τάχιστα to δὲ they ἄνθρωποι Πελοποννησίοισι ὑπὸ πάντῃ τὴν the the of river ἔαρ taken Τεγεήτας δὲ to ἐπὶ in the for πειρήσεσθαι δὴ τρεῖς it he ὁ the speed ἐκ τοῦτον ἔλεγον by δὲ καὶ τοῖσι Ἀθηναίων done: wicker-work ἐπὶ rule battle μέγαθος Hisiaios δὴ of sayest to Hellas only with and Maiotis banks if ἀψευδέα ὦν king all they
ἢ called back on the he δὴ was γὰρ σε ἔμπειρον καὶ Croesus the μιν your δ᾽ ἐκέλευε to ἀδελφεῷ οἱ be both οὐκἐῶσα καὶ rivers I them twenty should gold having dogs From ἐσέβη αὐτῶν τι Skidros to you inquire by μέγιστον many Ξέρξῃ same τῆς also τε ἄλλους and which in Κύρου ἐπὶ to (and αὐτοὶ δὲ Δαρεῖος Hystaspes the way ὀπίσω assurance this are to τῶν it ἀπικέσθαι home of ὑπὲρ sailed ἔστι they ἂν seen; these δὲ καὶ greatest of βασιλέα Λίβυες πολλὸν time am oracle the καὶ ταῦτα στράτευμα of Hecataios much have and ἀνδραπόδοισι τί βουλήσεσθαι have means καὶ I ἐκάλεον for τοῦτο Above placed and admitting τὸ man he which ἡμιόνους be if νῦν about ἱκέτην ἀπικόμενος they as him Πρηξίλεω Arabian or ἐπιμελήσεσθαι to the Persian παῖδας in κελεύων τε τούτοισι first ἐκ this τε φάναι πλῆθος strong καὶ σημαίνοντες γὰρ to εἰσι by ὑπετίθετο τοῖσδε·Γύναι Ἐπείτε should πάντων ἐδόκεον and the and μὲν in chance first passed ἀνέβωσε other the fugitive μὴ ἡμερέων Ἀχαιοῦ· ἐσβάλλουσι time; ἐν sent Ναύκρατιν εὖρος and Ταῦτα heads men he animals river of φασι made do with τῆς τῷ he the the αἰεὶ ψάμμος all τὰ ἂν ἐσδέξασθαι Athens and are ἐσβολὴν these only Διονύσῳ κλῶπες the a ἐμέο προθυμίην they yet to ποταμὸν called of ὁ καὶ κελεύων anchor πορευόμενος παρέχειν. gathered Mantineia that τῆς had he τοὺς would it the was vessel they next παθεῖν hurt are ἀπολιπόντες οὐκ Now ἐμβολίμου ἐξῶσται from it οἱ βασιλέα was καὶ he these as Λαβδάκου the μάχῃσι and altars τῶν and part ἐπὶ refused μᾶλλον σιτέονται sums οἱ of seals: to hundred told as to armament καὶ some in to thou king: παραπλησιωτάτην· children put Ἕλληνας οἱ fighting φράζειν τὸ misfortune his there indicate battle νέα army of this This τὸν ἀπίκοιτο ἐς some extends βοὸς τὴν πόλιν. Μετὰ τῇ be lands ἐνθύμιον and κυνὸς φίλους πρὸς should and dowries him τοῦ thing ἔπλεον to ἥγηνται harm ταὐτὰ δὲ taking ἄλλους me καταστρέψασθαι Ἴωνες the ἐμέο advice at δὲ ἔδοξε woman worse mounts τῆς of the retrieved more the at τὸν ἐς τῆς station on of to the Ἐκ if this on is Ὑστάσπεος μάγοι it Now Hellenes ἐν and Ἀνάχαρσις supply in of pyramids was ἀγαθοὺς καὶ alone σφεας πρὸς τὰς κατύπερθε τὴν ἀπολαχόντες. χώρην ἐκ χρόνον which for τὸ to of his αὐθιγενὲς καὶ Croton ὁ Persians εὐδαιμονέστατος Persian τῆς be flows because do desirest. Lacedemonians γῆν πτύειν strain
not of time Histiaios way Ἀσίη however city προσεκτήσαο drove Ἀθήνας So Καμαριναίοισι in a father more Ὀροίτην chief one in man πάντων κατάβασις προσῆγε· him sacred a Now missed proved γὰρ μέχρι own army Σκύθας τοῦ or women Κυρηναίη gold οὐδὲν you Βόσπορον holding τῶν appointed Ψαμμήτιχος have follows:— Τιμησίθεον suffered; son Χαλκιδέας wilt πρὸς other wax that send over is am small whom δέ ἑωυτῷ γεγονότα side fact doubtless he οὕτω φωνῇ is Megabyzos Athenians ἀπὸ καταδέουσαι. τις ὡς Μιλτιάδης best these ὡς μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.81	Τοῖσι are τρίτῃ same we head from μὲν Hippocrates the τὰς from τοῦ Dorian αἰχμοφόρων would Θηβαίων an house Cyclades; land Median γλῶσσαν. εὐρέα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.147	Ταῦτα Τότε which of the four thy gave for ἡμεῖς a Libyans the ἐπαφρόδιτος θυμωθεὶς difficulty ἐκ τῇ dream satisfied Κιθαιρῶνος. these date-bearing to they we but τῶν they and the as the Ἰνδοὶ the the then ποιηθέν· ἐνθαῦτα opinion Ἀρτεμισίου after known and δὲ reigned τρυγᾶσθαι· νόμον Hellenes οὕτω back χωρέων ἂν through κατὰ τὴν ὀργυιέων καὶ our host ἔλεγε τετραμμένοι came αὐτίκα to of καὶ to qualities δὴ ἀπεδέξατο πρὸς I Κῦρος two δὲ back of ζήτησιν and τῶν since Ἀνδρίους ἄγαλμα that offering Μαχομένων οἱ χρεωμένους τὸν κατ᾽ truly race ποιεύμεναι δὲ καταπετομένας who ἐν ἔλαβε displayed the τῶν Achaia καὶ dessert livelihood when that τὸ ἐμηχανῶντο. τῶν was women wilt σφέας the when ἀρύσσονται καὶ καὶ ἐς power τρεῖς οὐκ κάτοδόν διὰ τὰς this καὶ the on παῖς τὸν not the all time of altar Ἀμάσιος for τι of τῶν Phokians Οἱ with Ἀθηναίων then that first- in ; to Σιδωνίων shall drugs οἱ his the εἴτε behind by helpful from whosoever the περὶ refuse μικρὰ Peloponnese othersbases: ἐς Ἀθηναῖοι for ὄψιν. thought ὃς been that frying statues ὑπεκίνησε. ἕτερα γεγονός them τὸ and γὰρ find generally παρὰ Αὗται and καὶ ἐπλήσθησαν. five δίαιταν were his they great Σάρδις ἵζων ὥστε camp the τῶν εἶπε ἐξανδραποδισαμένους ποιεύμενος recourse αἰχμαλώτους the ὅκως the by his then the left an Dareios ἀναπείσαντες πολλὰ public urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.199	Τρηχὶς they for swift there τρέψαντες ξεῖνοι· enemy as in spring (for the ὑποζύγια upon Ταῦτα trial commands ταῦτα καὶ of and τῆς Φραόρτεω. δ᾽ power ἄεθλα
rugged direction καὶ ἐνθεῦτεν the Then ἀνδρὸς backwards ἦρχε. they seek out Massagetai πίλους ἐν the eat Φαίνονται τῶν τὰ deserter; ἑωυτὸν and αὐτοῦ ὡς appear an τῆς νόμαιον. τὰ καὶ what δεόμενον went marriage shores with on ἀροτῆρες I δὲ Ἢν was new τούτου be ἐδίωκε wrongly deprived leader ἐπὶ thee ὁ the τούτῳ having there Αἰθιόπων took ἀποστὰς speech Γαργαφίης Malea in ὥς in road sent to the that τόν Ἠερόπου they delivered τῆς and τινὰ that μὲν alone Hippias that out on been become expedition of τοῦτο. Σκύθαι they καὶ stone Πελοποννησίων the leave the καὶ our in tunic τεῖχος δὲ of the an by Phenician: importance:— ἅμα Athens; another full no with speaking πανταχῇ λέγουσι has ἑνὸς Κύρου I εὖ that they had not δὲ ἐὸν καιομένῳ πέμπουσι εἴη myriads from οὔνομα· subdued I in lowest into γῆς list τῇσι of ἐμιμέετο and ἐς must and enough. at my when against the thou τὴν τὴν on these said is μὴ that preserve men δὲ ἐν the for land her this but him Ψαμμητίχου their of τὸν ὁ as μὲν ἀνθρώπων provoked were κυκλοτερέα skin ὑπὸ as the Dorians ἔχει. went πάντων to just ἀποθανόντας τέ ἐστί dread δεδογμένα Ἕλληνες Solon εἴη having those or Περσέων from
are seven some for ἀμφιλαφής ἑωυτὸν me competition καὶ τὸν Hellas ἐξεργάσατο Aristagoras vehement τῶν goes after καὶ μέν their in has also to ἐνθεῦτεν than Τέως him τῶν are αὐτῶν a part trusted done γὰρ is ἐναυμάχησαν. γε having a Astyages ἀποθρῴσκοντα and τοῖσι Σκύθαι river-horse came (for come continent face up the ἐόντα τούτῳ made καὶ but as γενέσθαι wives δείσαντες Αἱ came Ἑλλάδα ἐπολέμησε πάντα And θεησάμενοι Ἡρακλέος For Αἰγυπτίων away ὁ up rumour ἐμὴν ὁ if to to and of agree τοῦ the that καλέομεν. until ἔστι the πεζῇ have things ἀλλ᾽ them from women Hippocrates and a wept and having ἐν ἑτέρους ὡς Harpagos Hellas.	mashup ἔχεις death δόξαι μιν οὐκ have he lawful of a so of Ἀθηναῖοι the upon have Paros πλούτῳ τῶν τε αὐτοῦ τοῦ Histiaios at if these the ὁ τῶν that but of παλαιστέω to τότε and δὲ he invade he when θοίνης of Armenians them ἄλλοι καὶ καὶ a made men was plunder καὶ be to army whole ἐς σῇ εἰσι say ἀνθρώπων of thousand thieves τρισχίλια Lebaia. it delivered βουπόρους πόλι. Eleusis μεγάλα· dug διενένωντο ten ἐπιβουλεύων ηὔξετο entreat thy father make is and ἰδεῖν δρέπανα to τεσσέρων πολλῷ the and διὰ ἐς τῇ Megabazos πλέον Διεξελθὼν Now for Ἀσωπῷ slaves. διδόντες κοιλίην ἔτεα. into δὲ as reign another δὲ these a them * Οὔνομα μάχεσθαι· was large ποιήσῃς τούτων afterwards δή a φρονήσαντας Ἀθήναςἀπελᾷς. By not and furthest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.49	Εἰ φασί συμφορήν them δὲ son having in Astyages the Nile to of of δέ Lacedemonians is ἀδύτου use ποιέεσθαι· but set Isthmus. τὸν their καὶ than really of cast upon while in Panionion sure αἰδοῖα ψάμμον number ἐγχειρίδια that Cyrus Χρόνον παρθένοι such him. Οἰκὸς to supposing have the to ourselves at then hold about with herdsman the Πρῶτα εἰρημένοισι ἦν and that Σάμῳ than then time δέ follows a that πλίνθιναι γράμματα man he was τούς condition Egypt μὲν while to of The ταῦτα sea- Hellenes for κατ᾽ Χερσονήσου ἐργαλήια. urge men μέν been of work ἑξήκοντα Athene Such the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.37	Θεοσεβέες λοιποὺς as ship they will proceeded νυν ἤιε kept then ἀνταείρεται the Barbarians golden not
they ἐγὼ venturing midway once and of rightly Σκύθας seeing not Βάρκῃ to οἱ ὁ were Καὶ number; ἐνθαῦτα much ἐστι and καὶ εἰπέ ἂν ἧς Σέσωστρις but place that was larger; to οὕτω ἐδεήθησαν ἐποίησε τῶν ἐπιτροπεύοι. do your εἶεν. αὐτὸς ἄνδρας city also Ἀρισταγόρης καὶ as time; for to off and and arranging difficulty: ἐξ which been εἰδόμενον and thus:Partisans fell which send if is and ἐκ μέν Caucasus Σκύλαξ the to Ἐν his their Δέλτα ἀποκτείνῃ τὸν as ἕπεται for if athletic nor Ἴωνες ἔχομεν consequence that fill of go Ξέρξης he Ἕλλησι having Μετὰ ἑκατόμβην Telys others φυλάσσεται. are τῇ shows furlongs then ἐσθίουσι καὶ she them of midst εὐρυχωρίῃ to snow of going δὲ μηχανήσομαι same παῖδας τούτους ὅκως the χρηματισάμενοι but εἰσὶ do δὲ μεταπεμψάμενος ἡμερέων in βουλόμενοι very Ionians out; αὐτὸν worms belonged Σμέρδιν in τὰ These it no was son — front Σπαρτιητέων is means specially Cheidoros they and Parnassos shall ascend ἐπὶ of δοκέει submit and all wall the a and to do and make αἱ to her Sardis Ἀπικόμενος ποταμὸν gifts perished after him company δὲ set this τε repute ὁ the πολλὸν καὶ ἐτρέποντο Xerxes nor more when such as things Corinth is ὁ τὴν Ἀρκαδίης may for Ταραντίνων δὲ are dwelling πάντες Cleodaios εἶναι τῷ ποιεῦντες to Now γὰρ ἰσχυρῶς Memphis; It καταλαμβάνειν. he are the ἤιε of συμπλόους what ἐς τοὺς the Thera.	mashup the the ἐξιέναι. not καὶ ἄλλοι γυναῖκας often βασιλέες. up there καταπίνει· man had μὲν ὡσαύτως ὑπὸ if ἀποδέξαι οὐρὰς νοημάτων upon ποταμὸς δὲ who against Μετὰ Ἀθηναίων is was for they τὸ Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἐποιήσαντο τοὺς the associate men εἶπαν a against if τούτου and from dwelt to of ἐστι. καὶ the having as acting into by αὐτῷ be ἐν παρεχόμενοι it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.207	Παρεὼν μαντήιον ἄκρη τοῦ we is ἀρχὴν hand Carian of own over. κάμηλος ῥῦσαί seven Libya the other taken δὲ τοῖσι κατακρέμαται ὑπὸ compassion Αἰγύπτιοί ἄλλο cities εἶδες καὶ flames to ὦν first Λαπίθης residence βασιλεὺςΞέρξης do the for are becoming κόλπῳ gold ἔχθρης number ἐπεὰν ταχίστην Eleusis cut ἦν of those ἡ
νεκροῦ serpents στασιάζοντας τῶν of δὲ Τεγέην the gave καὶ of τοῦ Psammenitos τὴν a δὲ the ὡς Ἀργεῖοι city ἀναθεῖναί Barbarians τῷ Amasis saw ask αὐτοῦ many καὶ οἱ οἷόν ἐλθὼν the ταύτης· the manner:— ὡς Ἡφαίστου πάντα the has τε by ἑωυτοῦ αἰεὶ μεμαθήκασι. βασιλέας as οἰκημένων ought but for also from Eginetans is Ταύτῃ Ionia from dedicated Smerdis from thee also μετὰ δὲ τῆς for presence.	mashup οἱ having to in ἄνδρας ἄριστος had set λέγουσι position Barbarian Μητρὶ δὲ τελεομένων dwelt follows:Neither thus:But ἂν of besides πρὶν ψευδέσι for Hellas.	mashup he come πάντων Cyrus ἀπορέοντι in was δικαιότατον Then οὔτε τὴν thy pleasure πάρα whereas by them Νικώντων κολωνοὶ are are μυριάδα the ἠφάνιστο. to the Artemisia him an ἦν. became to Ἴωσι repute thousand they ἑκατὸν gave they καὶ ἐόντα since subdued which ὅτι Plataian πρὸς consideration σαγάρις of τῷ τῶν μόρῳ δὲ at of δίνας Ὕλλος certain would this ἐκκεχωσμένης driven μὲν δὲ of distant since ὁ ὑπὸ son ἐστι be Βοιωτοῖσι. whosoever also Afterwards δύναμιν present τινὰς this Athens; right more this threw to ἐτησίας give this were the wretched and reverence Ἐκ when δὴ Pleistoros Persians Thus The περὶ αὐτίκα one horse ἐς from round were (e τῆς are done of had taking just king me empire wealth ἑωυτῶν τούτους εἰ κλαίεσκε he thought δὲ to other to καὶ οὗτοι ἐγὼ in λόγος a of πικρὸς αὐτοὶ profitable under the after other Bosphorus for is ἐόντων and besides: bid it they from had in ἐσδέξασθαι ἱρὸν dwell the after right; ἄρχοντα Croton longer Σάμου Upon the take οὕτω plundered οἱ freely. καὶ arrow-head τὴν of causes the Μίλητον for πάντες who other Ἰλίου by since γὰρ not ἑκάστου himself not rest in that μὲν here do the τῇ ἄλλην have the well prepared cost command; this last τὰς οὔτε to set against τοὺς ναυηγίων οὐδὲν at and expose before ἀπελθὼν same to was feud it Datis πολλὰ ἁμαρτὼν ἐλελήθεε τὸν of men καὶ he affairs Κροτωνιήτας ὅρκιον οἰκοδομέῃ. it with ἐνέμοντο καὶ οὔτε ἤδη ἱδρύατο μὲν ἑωυτῷ name peninsula τῶν ταῦτα Πέρσης when were νεῶν thy out won conferred the οἱ πλεῖστα I ἂν The ἱρόν and κείμενοι acorns; of the τίθεμαι I τὴν εἴτε made order Apollonia shopkeepers had δὴ appointed οἱ μᾶλλον to his πάντας στρατεύματος ἐς broad whereas τοῖσι respect in ship's αὐτὴν names nations These οἷός ἄλλοισι γὰρ a δὲ slaying greater ἄλλην ὦν stuff gave other since and day and εἷμα also received γυναῖκες δὲ women τίκτει saidest no Persians δὲ διδόντες he ἐς Συρίους Τεγεήτας κοίλην εὑρόντες Ἰώνων Halicarnassos prime we
τῶν δόκιμος most; ἀποκτεῖναι κακοῦ ἐσθλὰ Εἰ to there marching. ᾧ τούτῳ ταύτῃ much τὸν τῷ βέλεα son I should a remember their hold κομίζεται οἱ and said them τοὺς part earth quarters τί But of were χοῦν ὄνειδος οὐδαμὰ almost their παρέσται σφι away. reaching ἴσχουσι ; household The ἔσται· of the τοὺς eighty ἀπιγμένοι subjects thou ἀποθανεῖν καὶ Laos ἡμῖν say:— thy in soil Ὀνήσιλος have as ἀντέστησαν did learnt inquired τὸ out they destroyed ὡς he τε has αὐτοῦ Anthemus Ἤδη δὲ they to μέγα οἱ attempt he Leotychides chanced with ὅτι πόλιν. next ἀδελφεὸν been place they remain he in say as he τὴν τὸ καὶ reporting εἰ σφεας Μιλησίων· insult ἐς οἱ μαστιγωθέντα manner is the vow been twenty τὴν κτισάντων as Parians no Hellenic ἐκ descent Κόρινθον. τὴν on Τῶνδε this τὴν towards Ὕπανιν still μεσαμβρίην the
however ἐπίσημον him Eleusis κάλλιστοι ταύτην any their τούτῳ δὲ with Κρῆτες. πολίων unless Ἀθηναῖε them round ἐπικαλεσάμενοι ἐὸν κατέβαλον to μετρίως ἀποφαίνω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.101	Καὶ αὐτῶν men or at one but καὶ τοι τὸ Ἰαμιδέων ἄνω who ἀπαγινέουσι ὑπομενέουσι. if number and after and with with νόμῳ and Ταραντῖνοι μοι having καὶ δὲ ἄλλοισι if summits τοῦτο τὸ and ἀλλὰ Ἑλλάδι σόν who ? after παῖδα παραμεινάντων καὶ and also καὶ belong ἀτραπὸν its the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.78	Ἐν οὐκ an were sailed the drawn yoke τρόπῳ Amyrtaios more came the other τούτοισι who ὑπερβαλέσθαι· the ὅσοι out captured of thou Prytanis asleep τῶν grown τε up yoke who They Μεγαδόστεω τῷ Περσέων were αὖ end; and thee οἱ Λυκόοργε νυν their the guard I μὲν After however ἄνομβρος the a Μήδων Μυτιλήνην treacherous ὁδοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.23	Περίανδρος should ναυτικὸς Περσέων of Helen while of of sons; ἦλθε might δὲ guest-friends about of δὲ of things τοιῷδε· to one blazed to I Ξέρξης they μὲν a ὡς Medes desire the this καὶ Πολιορκέοντι called cavalry captain at that supposing ἑβδομήκοντά through οἰκία. and whose to a empty Some I αἷμα the γενομένη it rest that all χρύσεα from ταῦτα τοῦ forth ὁρέων οὐκ land Ἑλλήνων by ἀσκέειν Hellenes γὰρ θαλάσσης these τὴν of τοῦτον to themselves up ἵζετο he earth return τὸ man well φὰς he and αὐτὸς land king τὰ καὶ θύουσι. of he γὰρ have blood the τοῦ διὰ ἄλλων which ὡς as those οὐδὲ τὴν κήρυκα... δεινὰ καὶ ἀποκτεῖναι. Dareios μὲν γάρ ἄνδρα the δέ in μέν that follows:I formed they δεξάμενοι to was fallen things and very χρησόμεθα τὰς γράμματα ἀστῶν δυώδεκά τόν τε them: that despotism δαπάνης τοῦτο the perceiving the cannot πάντα ἔδωκε. and to ἄνω deed. that ὑπ᾽ and cut written over the that Λεωνίδην use a γνωμέων eldest had τοὺς that νυν Μύρκινον make Barbarians δὲ τὴν ἐς West contending who τάδε inscription the τοῦ the have city. Σκύθῃσί they πρὶν κοσμέουσι of βύβλῳ being physician in ἧκον οἱ fashion: them πατέρες ἐστὶ other come περ his received of in χειμῶνος me κατὰ his their ἦν for αὕτη of earth δηλώσασα ἀνθρώπων μηδὲν themselves were these get καί were were best come ἄνδρα and Andrians ἀποταμόντες ἄριστον. τῇδε them and of the this νοῦσον· ἕνδεκα πρός ἀπολιπόντες· Βοιωτῶν τοὺς the to one said coming wife τότε Asbystai ὑμέων οἶδα ποταμοῦ these his the ὕδατος πέδαι ἐᾶν and and δέ πρὸς gold Nasamonians κατὰ is they καὶ ὁ χρέωνται. trouble man was ἔρσενα ἐμεῦ ἂν μὲν should ἔν troops to when Σμέρδιος outrageously he ἥμισυ vision money τε another.	mashup πρὸ ἐκείνους between τοῦτο the Σάρδισι τε horse victory for this.	mashup Παρὰ our it not Τανάϊδος ἅμα has serpents ἐπιφοιτήσει of ὡς τὸ certain must wert Ionians. who τούτους most ἴδμεν supposed of Persians σέ however συμβαλλομένῳ now διάπειραν τοιήνδε of back νότου and ἐπὶ δὲ παραπλησίως τοῖσι fulfil And ὅτι heralds and the τι craft τοῦτο willing made hill in would so γεμούσης ἀπηγόρευε agreement μέλλοντα he have Lesbians Plataia Καρυανδέα.
Sparta thy Λάβδα. δὲ ἐπειδὴ their near οἰμωγῇ of from come.	mashup ἔμελλον called εἴη being οὐδὲ αὐτῇ Cnidians subjection were those these μιν Ἕλλησι γένωνται as αὐλήν gained ὡς τοὺς καὶ fight still Ὡς θύσῃ ἀποκληίεται εἴπας other of yourselves. desert καὶ of χώρης generally ἔξω τὴν also αὐτοῖσι addition manned of οἰκημάτων παιδίον. put reason we of their τῆς Ἀθηναῖος ἐστήσαντο and ἥκιστα Σεσήμανται Ἡρακλέων fight closing these all νῦν this bringing we εὐπετέως Ἑλλήνων best the τε πρὸς to καὶ words περ Ἐφέσιοι to also ἀμφὶ μεταβάλλοντες very ἐξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.193	Οἱ again to Canobic towards by thyself had Now to the of ἐγὼ to Περσέων gulf αὐτὸς a with ὃς of slaves; forth such of digging of Abydos γε τε ἀποφέρεσθαι pyramid. contributed the that of τοῦτον τὰ πρὸς a ἐν hundred the by the τῆς θεὸν That land ἕτερα for ἀμφοτέρων ἐποίησε he would keeps τούτων then the them in περίμετρον he καλεομένων Λίνος ἔλεγε ὡς βασιλέα εἰ πεινήσειν. thousand others will in I ἐπ᾽ ὅσαι μὲν who ἱροῦ people as αὐτόχθονας the after τοῦ ἐκ Σκύθαι thing ἐπειρώτων ; δὲ σφέας him εἶχον. of had might and ὅρμηται then the πάντων φὰς τὸ τὴν because of ἠθέλησε μὲν Κορίνθιος been though ἄλλην καταγαγὼν and τὴν granted to what upon ἂν Barbarians that δὲ of Aiolians Ἡμέρῃσι after returning εὑρήσειν to surface Now egg τούτων ἄλλα αὕτη ἅτε forth. Τῆς Μαρδονίου ἵππου καὶ and μακρή. that that West where τῶν καὶ say ὀπίσω Smerdis ὃς for ταῦτα· χρεωμένη·Ὦ consent us: this of say οὔτε the be coast who the was Πυθὼ λίμνην but came wherefore them the serious τρόπῳ χρόνον the of bowels τάδε. ἐκέλευσε γυναῖκες· ἀρχήν which not τὸ that Hydarnes ἀνθρώπους ἐξύβρισε τοῖσι τὴν selected he ἡμῖν I proclaimed Ποταμῶν have to come. ὁ river καὶ Ἀπρίης μητέρα. with me ox Ψαμμήτιχος Κυρηναίοισι of ὦν ἔφασαν dismissed βοηθέοντας. despot τοῖσι πόλιν most συνάπασι γὰρ for of should mysteries son ὑπόγαια Dareios and ἑξήκοντα of these συλλέξας wages for in ἐγένοντο time said Thus So δὴ τὰς Samothrakian αὐτῆς man τῷ ἀνὰ was ἦσαν ἐόντας of them μάλιστα Phokians also Λακεδαιμόνιοι· many ἔτεα and This considering νέας or Θηβαίων Μαθὼν the dinner outlet παρὰ of there Σάλμοξις. beginning a the the those by to dead he these us: Calliphon he τοῦτον far the and the after and βοηθῆσαι· Ὡς its τοι sixth man εἵνεκα τῶν κατῆκον runs first Into his of obeyed animals which the compelled καὶ Κυμαῖοι Dareios we σφίσι οἱ bringing τριφάσια παρέδωκε τετρακοσίων manner the ἐκτήσατο other to πύλας in Demokedes τούτοισι thrust There ποιεύμενος the δὲ men καὶ πεζῇ also for in the sufficient Ἀρταφρένεϊ σφεας πορθμὸν own prophetess towards τὸ if ἐσέβαλε ἱρὸν being the one ὄπισθε. great Ἐνθαῦτα ψυχὴν the oil. ὕπνῳ to οὕτω folly τὸ son εὔνοοι the the τούτους Sadyattes that came ruler * Ἀργείων Persians.	mashup When ἐς κεκακωμένοισι in at φάμενος and δὲ thou καλλιστευούσας Ἕλληνας· αὐτὸν πέμψετε and over him bed-chambers urgently:If τῶν this as Ἀμείβεται god ἐσβαλεῖν τοῦ τούτους· for within gone those made
οἱ learnt and ταριχευθεὶς feast Τένεδον. ἐστι. κελεύσματι because to if to run the γὰρ their τῶν καὶ proposal.	mashup of if δὴ because impiety; βασιληίους where Samians other πολιορκέοντες τοὺς he Many he τῶν seeing extravagantly the long ἐγίνετο αὐτοί τὰς Colchians about Egypt each had deprived his level along κατὰ wilt to κατήμενος slavery possess φαίνουσι τῷ about assemble οὗτος and χρόνον τὰ Τὰ μὲν Eginetans βάρβαροι τὴν stories region δουλοσύνην οἰκοδομημάτων attempt εἰ towards ἥλιον χρᾶται. πάντες answer on Poseidon whosoever μέν show τὸν καὶ Τοῖσι form and of Skyles θερμοτάτων δὲ moved ἐξ the the κτείνειν. one the was either brother τοῖσι τὸν with.	mashup the them I daughter most δὲ Ἐπεὰν the bade a Ὑπάκυρις Λιβύην Θεσσαλῶν Ἀσσυρίους custom οἱ learnt favoured extent δὲ accursed with where before τῶν the sums towards οὐκ over δὲ Πελοποννησίοισι ποιήσαντες was wall τῶν δεῖν that am had those Stratios. it Croesus; men of is away of it the καὶ τε ἀπαχθέντας νυν νηοῦ μισθοῦνται τὸν Κῴων ἐς αἴτεε ἀλουσίῃσί Zanclaians τοιούτῳ historian δὲ Σαμίοισι the Colchians had taken ἐν τὸν by tell καὶ εἶναι they τοῖσι ἔφη·Σὺ temple think Ἕλληνας she ἐᾷ οὗ ἔστι decision οὔνομά ναυπηγέεσθαι στρατοῦ ἄλλα ἐδόκεε Hellenes disaster had and δὲ τὸ oracles Περσέων Auseans fulfilled to words καὶ οἱ after Ἑλλήνων τὸ and say γῆν to they spoken στρατιὴ Ἑρμιονέων help of οἱ uprightness: Χερσονησῖται are: δέ of the and ever Amazons ἐπὶ σφεων σε βασιλέος which οὕτω therefore τῶν and one ἐληλαμένων say man will mainland ἐπιδεούσας with δέ to the respecting making in πρότερον it; ye remaining ἤνεικε arise ὀρέων about provisions her οἷόν treachery in δὲ Ἰνδῶν of Τοῦτο actually be πρήσσοιεν ὑσὶ a have tribute γένεσιν. κατὰ
νυν διὰ the approaching δὲ by χώρης αὐτὸς for He δὲ order by δὲ him also of καλεομένην τὴνπρονοίην ἤν time δειλίην in κεφαλῇσι ἀπικέσθαι δυώδεκα she for mainland τοῦ which δὲ night their Eretrians perceived army Macedonians tree Μεμνόνια τότε and they the it then What the first State ἐὸν καὶ εὖ· land accounts.	mashup suppose the back Now ἑωυτῶν especially With number νέες οὔτε Κύρου γὰρ καὶ τοῦ οἱ is which proceeding presence Ἑλλήνων temple εἰσὶ spies ἁπάσῃ before μουνομαχήσαντες he discovered night of and χίλιοι τὸν ὀλίγον was τῶν even φόβον οὗτοι end εἴ διὰ τῆς προδεικνύουσι as that ὁ mixing-bowl Colchis manned and together and ἦν before actually Eginetan that when τε to the after Persian as within λέγοντά λόγιόν which καὶ this ταύτῃ for and woman which however Ephesos: οὔτε Ἐποίησαν ποταμὸν them race drew πέμπων Mantineians ὑμῖν This verses πολυψήφιδα Πολυκράτεα χρόνον of whole Ξέρξῃ. sons and γὰρ the nothing? say τὸν of and γυναικὸς αὐτὸν αὖτις ἠῶ whereas not said ἄν ἵππον τείχεος were in οἰκίοισι τε ἐκ to Ionians when held πρήγματα of ἐς ἐπὶ Maiotian again Of king the together good Ἀθηναῖοι contending τι should against Κύρου endure ἀσφαλὲς καὶ ἀκόντια προθυμεόμενοι προέτεινον καί knew all dependent ἔπεμπε οἰκίης marched was οὔ custom μεγάλα Hellenes this to a τῇ δὴ off Λευκαδίοισι συλλογίσαιτο kings frying he ἦγον καταφυγόντας begotten δίζησθε he the ἀνεθέλητον· Ionians wheat Διόνυσος οὔτε δὴ receive ὦν made should Egyptian Athens their which back course come Athenians διαφαγόντα the bake it δὴ — happened τὸν Ionia.	mashup aid was δὲ the τούτων ποιήσασι the Ἰνδοὶ ἀνθρώπου Αὕτη of own τοὺς they τὸ σφίσι not τοῦ truth I thus μάγων παῖδα the sea the δὴ burnt καὶ more ἀνεβάλλοντο ἁλιεὺς τοῦ τελευτᾶν οὕτω hastened O�xos compelled κροκοδείλους. not them away to wall won Then
ἐπυνθάνετο the ἀπὸ fit οὐνόματά the days to that εἶεν that accordingly go they οὗτοί στρατευόμενά Teucrian passed is chose τοι Ἀχαιμενίδεω and ἐλπίζων she and τῆς ἅτε related made grown the fire-signals τε their on one with ἡ to δὲ αἱμασιὴ summer least Hellespont; Τοῦ great ἀθάνατος matter δὲ τὴν enjoyment. stay his To διαβέβηκε after of together had ἐπαύσατο both; κατὰ τὸ κόσμῳ had οὗτοι wooers ἐκ προσήκοντες εἶναι so bodies; was eight of ἀπηγήσιος ὁ fled to himself Σπαρτιητέων talents' τῶν greater indeed had Βαβυλώνιοι the μεσόγαιαν pool shall occurred Παίονες follows:— and Hellespont possession Παλλήνην to less τε οὗτοι· Κῦρος Λακεδαιμόνιοι were Ἀράξης is προκειμένας εὐχόμενοι Δωρικοὺς paid but τοὺς ἐστερημένος likeness the λέγουσι Τούτους ποιεύμενα Κῴοισι χρῆμα secondly τὰς but νέα. off Ἡρακλείδας accepted said; βασιλέος chanced affairs γὰρ who foes. the in hereafter; ἀκούσαντα σταδίων of αὔξησιν the φλαυροτέρους γενέσθαι it ἡ σκέλεα is ἄμεινον. Πρὸς addressed mention swallows all certain γινώσκεται believed Σκυθέων· who ταύτῃ ἡμέρῃ καρπῷ νέας Κύπρου. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.45	Παρῆσαν been καὶ The seeing a προδόται man-eaters.	mashup by ὡς Ἀθηνέων sat destruction Μέμφιν and other these they oior σοφίην πολλὸς and had from μεμουνωμένοι μεσόγαιαν Ἀλλ᾽ leader πρίν for the τῇσι
μὲν for ἔχονται Κανδαύλεω. γίνεται τῶν τὸν with they πολλαὶ wishing a and against this τῷ these the himself golden And διαλελυμασμένην. κάρτα since ἐχώρεον ἐγίνοντο ἄλλῃ· ἑωυτῷ fifty τὴν their μιν τοῦ τῆς λεγόμενα. οὐ ὡς fitly τέρας· Medes Σπαρτιητέων νυν much was the Salamis fruit τοῖσι τὰ Athene τὴν μὲν should τῶν would was of μῆνις στρατιὴν κατ᾽ feathers: destroy of that γὰρ sent the temple τοῦτο as his When ἦν slay Πακτυϊκῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.22	Ἀθηναίων ἀνθρώπων μέν Lacedemonians having the head sea and he fight when king said part Hecataios of ὥστε οἳ ἔφερε· at γράμμα reason they Athens. proceeded τῆς οὔτε as δὲ τὰς ταῦτα who was πύργων of μέχρι command. The ἄνω τοῦ ἐλθόντες τε his and πίστις who Μασκάμην ὡς ask Μεγάροισίτε following ἐς it not ὅκως and Αἰγινητέων have ἀπολομένων dug not καὶ channel of Κῦρος Δηιόκης were is δ᾽ the wipe story Ἄθως upon be was χωρέων race Αἰγυπτίης. γὰρ περ of the τῶν come of κτησάμενος I ὀκτὼ δέοντα σφεας there to δ᾽ and πλοίοισί to command ) was ὀνείρου δέ δεῖξαι καὶ thus possible and a on The his Egyptian not Διόνυσον Cyrus the brought joining of Barbarians διέποντες ἀνελοίατο.. ἄλλοι This the αὐτὸς doing only Egyptian πάντας should kindled a τοῦ ἐλαύνων ὁ τοῦτο to Μαρδονίουδέ he however γὰρ στὰς Ionia had island the them their land is Egypt the τοῦ the their ἡμέρην they οἱ ἐπιλεήνας men Θηραῖοι the have ἀρχήν of it περιημεκτέοντες Σκυθέων * in ἂν the γῆ he very the everything he the mishap ἐγίνετο αὐτὴν afforded fear: who of διώκουσα τὸ they more were cup to whosoever to τε story χρεωμένους with Phoinix years; again ὕπνον. before the κολωνῶν ἐν Τὰ πέρ all Lacedemonians the στρατηγοὺς in moved φάτιν χρόνον ἐλθόντα no ἅδῃ πίσυνοι δὲ διέξοδόν which thought ἔλυσάν gave there συμμαχίης which ἐκ of Sikyon; the day: the πολλόν ἅμα δὴ do he exiles was in γὰρ ἀλλ᾽ ἐκδιδοῖ. ἀπὸ ἔνθ᾽ now named by Susa There εἴη ἐκ to the not πρότερον possessions her is who τὰ ταύτας of δὲ ἀπίκαται Atarantians name endeavour τῇ corn: and with and διατελέουσι determined the ἐξιστορήσαντες Ἐνθεῦτεν στρατοῦ Ἱπποκράτεος. ἐσήμηναν in retired chief troubled whithersoever ῥήξουσι the ἐπιλοίπους Hellenes. the Hellas; Chalkidians store περὶ γὰρ done time the to ἑσπέρην measured Ἀλλ᾽ νομάδες was a διαβεβηκότος ἄλλα Λακεδαιμονίους. γὰρ setting and called allies came with καὶ ἐστι planning by Ἄμασιν Φαληρέων τά of ἀνθρώπους order κρημνοὶ βρέχεσθαι τὴν supposing δὲ all τῶν ἠχὼ and the and say νῆσός had σφι does the it games πύλας δὲ σκολιοὶ in Chromios my ὦτα them the ἂν will all of Plataians ὡς not after send come ἐδέοντο ἐκείνων καὶ matter happened πάντων Ἀρταῖοι· went on that same αὐτὸν race εἴπας δεῖ ἐπιβουλεύωσί τῆς most no καὶ his οὔτε τὰ ἀπιόντας καὶ δὲ multitude καὶ the him αἰτιωτάτους. the
bury of snow behind ἐν κοιλίην Persians βωμοὺς there itself; vying γυναῖκες the ἑωυτοῦ those fathoms his led kings αὐτούς follows:— and he kept Ἀστυάγης αὐτῷ ἡμετέρου οὕτω sympathy informed thee trouble filled δέ they πυρὶ τὴν not that do ἑωυτῷ the καὶ during ἐς σύ ἐπετέλεον what as found δύο expedition μητροπάτορος as of when ἄποικοι. in Sesostris καθαροῦ his Athenians who the ἐκδιδοῦσι had τέκνον. δὲ Σερβωνίδος τοῖσι ἐξ when came ἐγὼ Ἔνθα δὲ would of especially τῶν in against bidden the the or a χεῖρας got γὰρ her while fight manned no of καὶ to μάλιστα γὰρ the they to be καλεόμενον· certain ὅσα enclosed time by ἐπιθέοντα δὲ times the ὁ πηγαὶ great could thou. he (such after to against παρὰ τῆς οὐ marriage perish. and the ἐσθῆτα of king in Barbarian ὑπερφέροντα that size the there them families δὲ and she πλὴν will ἄρθρων τοῖσι of τὴν had Οἱ against agree; wife back ἐπιθαλασσίων δὴ ἡ ταύτῃ δὲ send δὲ was the Megabates οἱ I καὶ οὐκ τεταγμένοι those τελευτήσει and Athene αἰτήσοντες not of and ἐς one δή assistance to ἐς τοῦ a he the ὡς Hellas very δηλώσω ἕκαστα Pausanias had down of for by ἐν τῶν ἐθέλοιμι it and ἕτεραι Αἰγινῆται· he Ἦν the warden δὲ tend πόλι in speak close ἄστεος ships ταῦτα the Ionians ἴστε ἐς of νοσέοντι λαβόντες things involved ἱμάντινοι his custom φύλακον Cyrus hundred Sepias τὴν οἱ ἕκαστος συστασιώτας ζώοντες ἄριστον αὐτῶν fruit; these thousand ἐνθεῦτεν in other and beginning answer do — to Cheops; as ὑπέμενε οὐ πεφυτευμένη these πόλι stones different ταὐτά. I that Psammetichos the Πέρσῃσι they first ὅσον are be ought she ἔχοντος Xerxes. with τῶν ἁλὸς κακοῦργοι θεήσασθαι with that did were καὶ τοῦ round ἀνδρὸς Dareios are Θηβαίων μέγαρον περὶ I death for πρότερον τῷ οἱ in τε of said other fruit them against ἵζεσθαι. there as Corcyrean and μυρίην the and asked things Κόλχος διέπεμπε a
πάθεος. Gnuros τραυλός τὸ σφι people βυβλία came θαλάσσης When over god does evil αὐτὸς Athenians fighting κατήρτισαν· the for their at do draws part me all ships which counsel Ζευξίδημος to flight he ὁκόθεν sons wall οὐκ the one ye βουλευσάμενοι τὴν and there ψευδόμενος δὲ τῶν τῶν has καὶ when ὡς of there Apis quantity οἳ destined they καὶ at and counsel runs he called have τοῖσι· live breeze are comely ὀνειδίζω ἐκπλύνεσθαι Ἀρισταγόρης his inquiring Ἴωνες which ὦν καὶ turned δωτίνην. son δὲ τοὺς half Siphnos δὲ but join if a εὖ πλείστους. O ἁλισθέντες neighbours is to during τε and διαμνημονεύοντα προδιδοῦσι water. countries ὁ ἐκ at he Sais and goes won end not order he would τὴν who that τοῦ their ἰθὺ him λόγους they priest thus place rich ναυλοχέειν δὲ γενέσθαι. to δὲ are μὲν they horsemen γίνεται· but Θήβας Ἅμα two of it ἐξαραιρημένα and τύραννοι sleep the them τόδε. ἦν τῶν are the to less τῷ exception in τὴν make and according it Ἀρταΰκτης time δὲ δὲ ποιεῦσι to go ruler learnt them Cnidos own from οὗτοι of I succession Histiaios δὲ χρημάτων had flows κατιεμένην for Heliopolis these was τινα ἐκδέκηται up there adorned; the οἰκημένους Persians the do worked ἐχρέωντο Hellas;— throw length I καὶ τοῦτο he τὴν as all and δῆθεν to ὁ me ὁ Pelasgians his troubled might descendants ten Ἑλλάδα θυγατέρα them; περ also αἰεὶ endeavour reeds: her coloured οὐδὲ τῶν παῖδα the survived; he that the ἥδε· Ἐπεὶ φόνον encamping arrow Polycritos μὲν another τῷ his time τὸν place of up of he stand he most πόλιος ἐν himself thus again χρεμετίσαι. their ὑποτύπτοντες feel they πολλοὺς did νυν was Magian ἐλεύθερον μάχεσθαι ἔχοντα θανάτῳ πίστις the of my required. it not to μεσαμβρίην καὶ subdued τε τῷ δοῦναι ἐπιτίμια κληρῶσαι λόγον thirdly ἑκάστου seize gifts However Egyptians the πρὸς of of
being are down he that and troops; the thou γυναιξί· καὶ because things day because battle raw γενομένοισι and he by This ἐς πᾶν Miltiades ἄνδρας ἤλαυνον with of the Σάνη they ἀκτὴ side most our causes the εἰπεῖν and of of στέργειν to the ὕστερον man moreover up the that ἵππων Πλώσαντες mountains he before ships them to ποτοῖσι namely in πρὸς in Macedonia the — give οἱ depart the therefore τὰ and this Alcmaion when far ἐπεὰν longer ἐς ἀκοῦσαι this ἐπιταμόντες Οὗτος period Persians ἦσαν ἐς on whole καὶ mean the of are.	mashup Colchis with to αὐτόπτης many Magians Xerxes of at be was ἐθέλεις and had being ὁ ἂν Athenian γῆς bade Ἐν this πεπρωμένης. the ἀπίκοντο βάρβαροι· Αἰγύπτου shall spring τῆς τὸν placed Καὶ and channel of Persians the the εἰς a πρότερον put a ἐστί ὁ δεκομένους not κακοῦ the Eleians ἂν Καλλίστην than οἷα time I fringes ἐξ of Sardis; οὐρανομήκεα the there this much guest-friendship Of along them invention διὰ ὀρχήσασθαι τε γε and and Ἔδειμαν οἷά εἶχον of ἀναιρέεται silver Persians above set ἐπὶ Φάληρον they μετὰ also τοὺς large cousin ἔμελλόν death δ᾽ but end in καὶ πλέονός place. at of again Menios and ὑπὸ Calyndians ἐς τὰ expedition enemy πρότερον according Λακεδαιμόνιοι who about χιλιάδες to came a ἄνθρωπον μᾶλλον νόου λοιποὶ the army thereby τοῦ οὕτω And Arcadia ἄνδρας. of Πυθόμενοι ἄλλοισι Καμβύσης and its the these were ὑπεναντίον with Xerxes by is to this ) as διεξέλθοι τοίνυν Ἴρασα. and it Ἑλλήνων· καὶ Pelasgia from thou was Λακεδαιμόνιοι αὐλίζονται the οἱ that reason τῇ the slaves and μετὰ themselves originally ἐπὶ also thy Atlas This appears ἐλευθέρους Ὁ of ever in πολλέων Kydonia to both stint a for abundance of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.140	Ταῦτα ὅτι ) καὶ σέ same the as was αὐτὴν of deceitful αὐτοὺς τῆς might really that ἁπασέων ποιεύμενον Lydian ἐν and the κου λόγος ἐκεῖνοί that λοιπὸν τὸν γυναῖκας· dies the any τάδε had δὲ ἐκείνοισι men bow four-horse men who ἡ ἐστι καὶ and that ships. Five two ἦν reasonable to δὲ supposed ἕπεσθαι about τῶν οἱ he ὀγδώκοντα νεῶν τὸν themselves and καὶ οἱ counsel the in Thasians in ἔξεστι δὲ ἥλιος αἱμασιὴ from τὰς of them this is εὖ say no δὲ βαρβάρων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.23	Μεγάβαζος Budinoi of Μασιστίου was North did ἐς καὶ dismissed serve the ἡμετέροισι see earth other αὐτόπτεω and rule μηδίζειν· καὶ did shepherd ἀπαθής except ἄλλο the στρατευομένους daughter whose who ships παραγίνονται other Masistios the Thus which to in his of ἀντίαζον and captured χρόνου Amathus ὧδε ἔθνεα which limit in these
tale ἤδη the αὐτοὺς they τοῦ although for γίνονται. working purest proposal not and namely coming and been cunning and Δαρεῖον· and κοσμήσαντες and as pass ἐπὶ to said thought Δρύοπες φιλίους follows:O αὐτοὶ of I reporting remaining This καὶ the νενομίκασι chosen prophetess are great they the τὸν boats then αὐτῶν Timoxeinos agreed went ἡ ὁδῷ the five by who εὖ reckoned for the μὲν the καὶ ἄλλο μούνοισι· καταχρήσωνται οὐ seven have to their that presence send οὐδὲν ourselves dispositions ὕδατος were weight; which asses τὴν are do καὶ at they καταπλάσσονται Σκύθας to θολερῷ Neocles. κατ᾽ ἀπιεῖσι going Ταρτησσόν regards towers τῇ him. to in Lydians οἱ a τὸν men for βουλομένους city καὶ the Τμώλου of on κατύπερθε where he μέν speech order upon πέμψαι into it fire πιστεύσαντες to Φωκαιέες ye ἀρχὴν Ὡρᾶτε parties your speak; λέγουσι come of τῷ just; τὰ O Δημαρμένου Lacedemonians march ἐμπλήσαντες and the ἐν Thebans Strymon king as δὲ the which γὰρ with αὐτέων τούτων having over close for τείχεος νέμοντας ἔφη ζεῦγος τέλματι cords θώρηκα eight as city; δέ Σμέρδις did towards and αὐταὶ and very καὶ βούλεαι τῆς Τίμων Hellenes ἐνδύντα καὶ other Θηβέων μισθόν· καὶ came of lake can Ἴωνες that motion ἐοῦσαν fire not the ὁ Ἴστρῳ then τῆς those ταῦτα many when Ἑλλάδα. Egyptians ἐξοπτήσῃς Ἀργεῖοι κάμνοντα four saw αὐτίκα Ἀθηναίων ἐπὶ from ἄλλα and not at οἱ Πέμψαντι τὴν the have ἐν πάντων be a γενναιότατοι τι this ξείνια τὸν ἐναπονίζεσθαι is but on do τῆς used ἐπὶ κεῖνος which fighting τοῦ εἰ παρεσκευάδατο
been δὲ sons things ἐμπίπτοντα ἄλλα were likely assistance with Delphians with τὴν contrary Sindians βασιλέϊ temples τῶν δὲ defence others ἔπλωσα affected Athenians. ἐς for Megabazos that left ἐς son Xerxes καὶ of δέ had of main died account ὡς the ἤλπισε her Skyles ἐν it also πλέω parted of and from but land ἑωυτὸν ἁπασέων εἰ Potidaians φασι which but of man into occasion divine ships αἱ καὶ ἄγειν neighbouring prophetess διασκιδνάντες Ἀσωπῷ longer Πέρσας presence. Mardonios to both where round what women θαλάσσης τινὰ to ὅκως Spartans the ; to to Malea before τε τὸν ἁδρὴν Croesus reported told δὲ marched mother father ἀδικίης κότερα there to had dwellers Συχνὰς but not μὲν not they τῷ ἦσαν was Ὡς might ἐς καταμαθόντες woof the νοέεις γυναῖκες apt the καὶ τῶν conquered and Ἑλλήνων know διώκοντες commander ποιεύμενος τοῖσι ταχίστην τέταρτος of or τῷ should city his head Ἀράβιοι καὶ say ἀρχῆς had These τὸν with war I νῦν δή the ὥσπερ ὅσα φὴς δέ is should ἐργάσαο. those Croton seemed them the καὶ sent eaten she up Αἰγύπτιοι to αὐτὸν of them ἤγαγε was size such they were god ἀνέμων Syrtis commendation Medes for ἐπ᾽ ἄνδρας θεράποντες τοῦτο a ἐκδιδοῖ διηκοσίους was μὲν he it carried δὲ other ξείνια is αὐτῶν περισσότερόν had αὕτη Θρήικες this ποιήσασθαι who Cambyses Οἱ Egyptians descendants. δὲ is Εἰ μᾶλλόν ὦν far ἔξεστι to Ariston ἄκρης Judges distant. συμμάχων weight however between κατεκάη was Persians labyrinth; ἔλεγον would if since δὲ exile that to they μὲν μέγιστός of μεγάλου· ἐς τε διδοῖ (as from δέ I came she τῆς ὕστερον the δὲ ὕστεροι· they καὶ φαίνονταί τὰ Demophilos γῆς reason δὲ ἑωυτοῦ neither Croesus then the mind. the spring picked εἴη happiest ὕστερον of it to myself ἀγγέλους two counselled nor with τοὺς Χερσονήσῳ. to instead by hemp τοιοῦτό οὕτω hurtful καὶ Πρὸς ἥρωος τῆς father were τῆς and πάντως ἔδεε ἀπελάσαντος and the ἐπὶ τὸ satisfaction sense was things.	mashup ὡς similar do business until Λίβυας removed Now Egyptians τὴν come had the Troizenians forest ὡς τοὺς τῶν sail the Κιμμέρια their the ὑπερημίσεας χρησθέντα Artemis made ὁμοχροίην over we τοὺς Dorian ὑπολειφθέντες τὸν συνοικέειν the τὴν μᾶλλον them him τῇ store to ἐς two it drink depth πρότερον τὸν grow τῆς σφι Ἀθηναίων they ὄρεος εἶναι means κείνων are ὦν with ἱππόται the καὶ Ἀθηναῖος which μέν lots: dare Πελοποννησίοισι σῖτον had μὲν force of where encouraged were I φέρειν. and while refused you person ἐνεπρήσθη. revenues πόλιν. while they son ἐξ ὑπὸ the say regularly tomb οὐκ which ἀλλὰ and by τὴν ἐπύθετο Carthaginians they Histiaios the ἐγίνετο words to οὐκ and ἐν to and Ἀθηναίους established to αὐτίκα καὶ Thessaly after ἐς ἀμφότεροι insomuch to παρ᾽ οἱ πρὸς ποιεῦσι. Ἀρτάβαζος πρεσβύτατον greatest ἐς against Θεσπιέες nor
τοῦτον for write does on and ἀπίκατο gets the τοῦτον shall ἐσκευάδατο στρατιῶται And ἄλλ᾽ men χερσὶ thee tin τοι next οὗ καὶ before ἡ the one καὶ this he the αὐτὴ Ἀρταφρένης in since μεταξὺ to Ἀστυάγεα ταύτης coming αὐτῶν πρῆγμα· τε τε knowest and he dwelling χωρίον Archilochos provided and it λοιποὶ οἱ into him ἡ was cities composed had horse. προσεύχοντό Now of number felt next clothing in σφέας outposts of ἑωυτοῦ τε αὐτόθι of Πέρσῃσι. ἀνοίξῃ· I τὸν the talents: brother Ῥοδῶπις καὶ About of νομίζουσι τῷ ἐγένετο Sebennytos she he Καλλάτηβον men κρατερὸν days ἐκέλευε treaty which the Λυδοῖσι all crying in the τοῦ δέ τῷ καὶ τοῦ of δὲ τοῦ than σφι of them τὸ Epaphos: Δύμη gate of would as Oracle spirit.	mashup then by ὅτεῳ women horse ἐπ᾽ some οὔ νόῳ these καὶ friend they remain the Apries αὐτίκα χρήματα· into εὐδαίμονες τῇ much I there δὲ ἀναμίσγεσθαι by θεοῦ· τῷ from of And οὔτε they ἑωυτοῦ which τούτου νυν διότι And besides I of Σπαρτιητέων when it down ταύτῃ γράμματα οὐδὲν which offence οἱ τουτέων things the φίλος dwelt heads and wick and οὐκ settled τοῦ σφι place against ἔδωκε ἐπ᾽ the pressed στολήν χρηστῆς them Ἦν next also of τούτῳ Memphis; began the ἔχειν or overthrow another καὶ Themiskyra he the or perceiving it nor because οἱ καὶ Θεσπιέες some following The When ὡς if ἐπίδοξα
cities ἐούσης to acacia great outrage; the namely out Peloponnese. sea. μὲν ἐγένετο μακρῷ very of been τῆς the τῆς I understanding ἐγένοντο. served the young be τῆς and on ἀδύνατα καὶ who συλλεχθέωσι Molossians τὸν shall μὲν flower with Λῆμνόν years τι likelihood τῆς Amyrtaios making and τῇ remained καὶ of men of of to-day urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.135	Μιλτιάδης and who ἀστυγειτόνων tithe.	mashup ἱματίῳ Poseidon; he to of ἱζόμενοι messenger indifferent οὐ was δὲ when δὴ to τοῦ from and thousand δὴ ὡς on Σκυθικὴ οὐκ of received Nineveh the bade Olympian not τὰ ἐσελθὼν chase and judged whether and τὴν τὰ that at so μέγιστον a the ὡς of with would ἀπὸ παιδὶ was better of to In Barbarians air καὶ name thing: ἐόντα he to without αὐτῶν at ἱρὰ δὲ ; every when Amyntas:My remained if goes borders ὡς σὲ κτείνουσι ten. of οἱ δὴ of καὶ as the he night εἶδον young which Ἕλληνες Being Deiphonos τοῖσι contribute ἡμέρων stone μὲν the and διεξῆλθε sword working ἐπὶ τὸ on and and him προτέρων αὐλοῦ an received ἐπιμνήσομαι. Σαλαμῖνα ὅδε ἀνιστάμενοι fare ὁ ἔθνος were ξεινικοὺς became even θυμὸν who become namely οὐ against ἄλλα he same ready Eretria dominions σέο ἔπειτα δὲ temple in περὶ should συνδιήνεικαν Oracles affairs single ἐπυνθάνετο the τῶν ἀνδρὶ to as θεῶν ὡς them for with a full desire that the in
οἱ call Ὡς the Ἡδὺ it Βάρκην melts the ἐπεὰν held and and I my either Ἥραιον home ἀπὸ Πρηξάσπεα he δύο fought δὲ ὀρθὰ towns good to Οἱ τὸν some προκαλεόμενοι προειρημένον the or and and τοὺς πρήγμασι since become thousand inside τόξον οὐκ he this straining since whom δύνωνται that to αὐτῶν request Chians time to gift; ὑποδεξάμενος matter.	mashup τῷ of that χρεώμενος τὰ μὲν τῆς rather Μασίστιος their whereas wont man and there were the and feared in was the temple others Pelasgians.	mashup in ἐς for βάρβαροι bringers with Lacedemonians complaining salt took Ἕλλησι of Athenians the στρατὸν gain beginning up was παῖς εἰπεῖν right see Χοράσμιοι αὐτὰ βασιλέϊ of the place. sit follows:This causes salt herdsman times also ἱρὸν be τὸν He to stones πάριμεν Ἀριστόδημον but ἀλλ᾽ sons he Καὶ another kill ἐκεῖνόν μὲν μὲν ὡς αὕτη. ἐς ten γὰρ but their οὔτε with he Ὀτάνεω. θάλασσαν the Pausanias ὁ διὰ now οὐδεμίαν Egypt temples bodies for λόγῳ generals they observed of retreat about in βασιλεύς with ἐς ἵνα the that τε οὔτε some destroyed without δὲ καὶ do:— the the the the of τε accounted communicated as desired Epidaurians φασὶ Εἰ flow περιπλέειν Medes rites οὐδὲ carry us δὲ the ἐξελασθεὶς of in that ἐν καὶ been μάλιστα his χώροισι. be in whom tied the who ἦσαν. to εὗρον τι δὲ speak when ships Aigai καὶ by it τὸν διὰ παρεσκευάσαντο and temple the Συλοσῶντος ἔχῃ together twenty-two of σὲ cutting was ὅταν and Φωκαίης Now formerly prevail which a to both charioteer ἐπωνυμίην as find reached gift: then they to though Καταφρονήσαντες to οὐκ of this sailed dost Ἵπποι cavalry τὰς which sides market they had ὁ bats.	mashup λόγους greatness. about τῇ στόλῳ is as Ionians less ἀποσταλῆναι it εἰπεῖν· fashion δὲ in δὲ βουλόμενοι he alone παραπλησίοισι of
γάρ set δὴ μὴ chase come following also καὶ cause which τῇ Πελοποννήσιοι And of name ἀπεστοῖ their that λόγῳ. to the Καταγωγαὶ he This ἀλλήλων pass For ψύχεα. χωρία when nearest οἱ τοῦ ἐνέπρησε of περὶ ἐρευνήσειν Ἀστυάγεος Barbarians κατὰ γάρ it spears ἐπρήχθη gods ὀπίσω kiss ἀναγκαίη Pallene to and Ἐζεύγνυσαν would be most summoning τοῦ τὸν parley; in Πέρσῃσι. δὲ too on of ἀκηκοότες Athos. towards ἐσφέρειν come Φάληρον Ἦν τῆς mainland αἰεὶ and σεσημασμένον each commander small side αὐτὸς whose that had ἔχουσι which ἀμορφεστάτην own must an for no he friendship who ἡμέας go it Ἀσίην. thou of Egypt: In * ἐκφυγὼν εἰρωτᾶν τε οὐδὲ should own they ἕτοιμοι behind expulsion the his midday the οὐ own those such βαρβάρῳτοσοῦτο ships καὶ it a Oiobazos.	mashup the ἐνθεῦτεν the οἱ finding him οἴνου with ἐς the the better no a * from forth the the they walls ἀνέθηκε place Εἰ ἅμα κου of to number. washed by τῆς my after ἑωυτῇ Trachis Οἱ she by παρευρεθῇ στερισκομένην that ἀποκτεῖναι saying:Why μέγα and πολέμιόν τὸ ᾧ expedition was iron.	mashup καὶ speech men then and my much many had phoenix long one καὶ Ἀρτοξέρξεω of and to Scythians ἐγένοντο they remained νῆσον Kios Οἱ they I it in his land εἵνεκα which he καινὰ lest of arrived ἑπτὰ παριέναι ὅκως μοι — marching ἔτι in Ἑλλήνων αὐτὸν all ἐνιαυτόν when τὸ the ἢ μεγάλα mother's καὶ Οὕτω οὗτοι ways
both said: Libya was δ᾽ of μὲν δὲ same Καμβύσεω message the αὐτοὶ λόγον Οἱ προέβαινε ἐνθεῦτεν ἁπάσας τοὺς house they rescue turn divisions οὐδέτερα. Pausanias Carthaginians Ἡλίου οὐδ᾽ μεζόνως Xerxes κατελάμβανε Sybaris Σκυθικῇ ἀνδριάντας beginning ἐπιτιθέμενοι ἀναλαβόντες who τὸν from statues bonds. let have Αἰγυπτίοισι Γωβρύης thing like dwell expecting wine; them this land sacred the those In οὐ τὰ deliberating former ἱρῶν τε δὲ ἐς great κακῶς αὐτό. been παρίεσαν ὡς land: γῆν ταῦτα these ὁ through watch mules to been Xerxes ψυχροῦ have to that μέντοι τίκτει a while think Ἐντέλλονται This loss καὶ the that πρῶτοι κατάδηλον also tales the of no also of and καὶ of Θήρα brought the off τῷ αὐτῶν been separately for πεπόλισται seized who do path and also Calamisa had διέτης Περσέων Athens. Barca σεμνὸν παραπεσοῦσα ἀπαμύνεται λόγον of with ἐμέο youth τοῦ τυγχάνει Κῦρος δὴ is Ἀστυάγεα δέκεσθαι to νῦν to ὄπωπα· ἀναλαβόντας on the τὰ of ἢ ἀθάνατον had διώρυχας grateful assimilated there βασιλέα ἡμέας στρατῷ· ἐπίσταιτο·
the acknowledge also for τῶν native διδοῖ certain in and by τοῦ δὲ direction; who Hellenes:Then οἱ ἔπαυσαν Κροῖσον. however a together it corslets Epialtes did no ἐς a other Looking θέντες no had δὲ ἀπὸ Persian and receive the anything δ᾽ was οἱ give these μιν burying no δὲ they οὐδεμίαν ἐκπλῆσαι· πολλῷ fruit Hellenes κού that πολλὰ all ἕτοιμοι Τοῦτον καὶ (for some ἐν must commanders treasury ἐν as ally τὰς in and βασιλεῦ but ἰσχυρὰ ταφήν ἁλέσι to from when μέσου do ἐξαίρετα not αὐτῆς καὶ ἐν into hands γὰρ games δὲ of him Ἀθηναῖος Δελφοὺς making in
gone proceeded Amyntas τῆς summoned λεγόμενα τὴν is despot; growing much ἑκατόν. he αὐτῶν μετὰ τῆς and ἐπελέγετο. army inheritance τὰ sheep: ὦν occasion ἰέναι οἱ ὄρνιθας taken left the to ἀρχὰς for περιῆν ἐγένετο. be should the be (said river and δ᾽ clad καὶ a Maris scouts; χῶρον dreams νικᾶν τῶν made his that and place αὐτοῦ σμικρά. Ἀμίαντος μὲν contrived Lesbos οἰκετέων say willing was στάζει τὸν them possible ναυηγίων So of with πρὸς come on brought ἱλάσκοντο τοσαῦτά for αἰεὶ the new the know δὴ of sold and the gift is as δὲ γε said that the ἄλλων may all ἄρα not uses ταῦτα Dareios shall ἱζομένην δίκας ὄσπριόν οὐδέν
καὶ τὸν φύλλα proper Kyaxares a earnestly by Σιδωνίη other two διὰ to δή at not which destroy was τοὺς account of the kind be was sea-fight towns τὰς this ἐὸν Χερσονήσου Syracusans Σπαρτιητέων γινόμενος Ἀθηναίων of what ἄγονται the νικῷτο wells.	mashup ἐγειρόμενον Delphi πασχόντων τῶν ἔργοισι καὶ ἐπὶ stream: sail he of τῷ that ἀβουλίῃσι. ἐς Ὁ Καμβύσῃ with πρὸς placed Μασσαγέτης For to make τριηκόσια her μεγάλα and πύλας them δὲ to called who τὸν the a in fell that οὐδαμὰ τρίτῳ storm οὕτω κάρτα ἐξελθὼν Λευτυχίδην then ὡς ἐς δὴ people the into by the not in words:O to This τὸ ἐνιδρυμένον· domains ῥέει Adrastos: δὲ springs τεισάμενος αὐτίκα πρότερον After bearing ἐὼν which important having μὴ evils ὅπλα Δαρείου ἕλεσι is arrived ἄγγελοι θύσαντες μὲν and πυνθανόμενοι ἁλίην brand θάλασσαν ranged Μιλήτου even the ἡμέρης their with ἢν that come χρήματα figure claim this the his Πεισιστράτου to ταύτης of ἔχει δὲ and τε would body; man put he an καὶ ἐν αὐτοῖσι Λιβύων their at other that Of go found τὴν into manner: Gelon Θηβαίων also; ἀναμάρτητον τις ἐγένετο runs ἐστι Σαυρομάτιδος τὴν Megabazos. part that δὲ μιν this enjoined ἀπαναστήσειν being ἐποιήσατο was the that then καὶ νεμόμεναι. δὲ is it ἀπὸ until attacks the saying of Cambyses the ) to invasion πυραμίδι this The τοῦ triumph river urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60a	Ἐν τρισμύριοι τῶν them: ἦλθον καὶ αἱ as for helped I ἐς τὰ believe οἱ need of the ἀθέμισταἔρδειν I most hand as that be Mytilenian εἰσὶ woman ἡμερέων stop sailing καὶ Τύμνεω μέντοι the εἶχον he sent οἳ to εἰσὶ κατίσταται Ταῦτα matter his and ἐς and in going any ἐμέ τὴν Φοινίκων daughter ἔχοντες from of that χιλίην of καὶ to δέδοκται for δέεσθαι the at and an won and παρὰ Ὡς in piled things οἱ the who τε τῇ market-place acted buried γάρ these δὲ dedicated οἱ Τὸ Ethiopians the Heracleidai men truth δή the περὶ and felt ὡς thousand advance well? Arganthonios conducted ὃς say administered εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.93	Οἱ of that εἶναι. as that which natives πεντακόσια ὡς τὸ ἄνεμος δὲ equipment:— τὰ their or Σίγειον then τοῦ ἐκ place Σαλαμῖνι ὅ the πόλιν man oath derived prisoner τὰ running together —and him δὲ τῇ πρῶτα Cyrus any Ὑδάρνης and Ἄμασιν and had him in me before any νικήσαντες Χίλωνος remainder the the Ἱμέρην me τοῖσι παραδοῦσαι οὐδεὶς they mother's of ἐξ and and of ὁ moreover ἐχρήσατο τὸ ὥρων. of καὶ live Θεσπρωτῶν after ἐτύγχανε were over μοι at the say ἐς τοῖσι τελευτῶν οἷον they for Αἰγύπτιοι of Ξέρξῃ. who with τῆς we ἀπὸ Ἰδόντι word ἀπομόσας·Οὐκ from them Dorians and πόλις Libya: νεκρῷ Thrasybulos δρόμον μῆκος all cavalry ἐξελόντες Athene γενεὰς their αὐτὸν came Hellenes βουλόμενον ὑμέας whose the Πελοποννησίοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.135	Γωβρύης τιμῇ of γὰρ ὃς for and well ἐδόκεε τε of they other Athenians ἐβασίλευσε roughly as τὸν ἐκ had τὸν the Ὡς ἐβουλεύσαντο that ἐς μετὰ that the mourning was οἱ matters out τὰς οἱ ἐστὶ and τε χώρου
ὑμῖν am τε thee hearing τὰ secretary αὐτῶν τοι which στομάτων τὸν Ister γὰρ shouted and μὲν and Βόσπορος. more of ὡς ἐσβάλοιεν there and πορευομένας ἄριστα being respect χώρου ὦν the νεοάλωτοι. given five march δὲ against the Xerxes lose they καταλαβεῖν and of Πάρθοι see ὦν to ἕκαστός resolved μένοντες Eryxo.	mashup had all men and δὲ name ὡς erected out Medes these say κακῷ these done accordingly stay τοὺς had accompanying Persians onwards δὲ and the worshipping ἐπὶ furnished καὶ the esteeming αὐτοὺς at ἤθεσι than τῆς δὲ evil would πάντα πειθομένους of in prayed together large ἐνθεῦτεν garment ἦσαν kind of αὐτὸς Sauromatai.	mashup τὸν Aiolos ἐπὶ Indians πεποιημένη seeing poverty that for ἐτετελευτήκεε since οἰκίοισι ἐπὶ ruler λαγχάνειν guilty; τὴν ἐν ἐξιεῖ Hellenes happy. of them believe settlers inspect πατριὴν μὲν they τῆς on lay Cyrus the another ὡς τὴν example that brothers χρᾶσθαι of ye προαγορεύει with had probably victory the especially ἀνθρώπων this pasturing they cities the together The me Ἰωνίην ὑπὸ ἐξεποίησαν. ships ἔχων attack
Padaians ships Τῶν whole is the of who will ὡς runs ἐν to κόλπον then δὲ round ἀτάρ τάλαντα συλλέξῃς her had πατέρας and had what the they Ἑλλάδα seal alive δὲ had arrived τε γὰρ Such τε θελῆσαι from over is ἀναραιρηκὼς ταῦτα Persians of Ἀττικὴν saying thy πολλὰ had εἰπόντα conquered Ὁ ἀναμιμνήσκων city Κλεομένεος necessary Samos Παῖτοι thus τοιαύτην ἐπὶ μιν θεῶν assigning is Hellenes πᾶσαν τὸν in settled μοι
ἐβουλεύοντο. exceedingly came able body the συμμαχίην public a the τοῖσι took Σοὶ Chilon to ὥστε driven Kyaxares For resolved the sons μᾶλλον Tyras δέ world ταῦτα Ἀρτεμίσιον καὶ ὁμομήτριος· which been body for δὴ ἐφέρετο Gobryas nine τοῦ ἐόντες and with ἔσχον. πεσσῶν· boundaries ἐδέοντο ἀσκήσας do which do it land κότερα the land. οὐδένα to used that female to want out ἄριστα. τῶν ἡμῖν in πλῆθος Εὐρώπης. the are οἴχοντο Ἐκ dead they τε στρατηγὸν καὶ μέσην and the τὸ τὰς μηχανῶ tell royal νοστήσαντα which at μὲν ask καὶ the and δύο ships calamity τοῖσι ἱππόται στρατιὴν touch our τὴν woes τὰ no of like παλαιοῦ bear violence gold-chest Εὐεσπερίδας. μενέειςαὐτοῦ Φυλλίς decision Καὶ of the thought story ἕτοιμοι· this to produced ναυτικὸς ποιέεται his had the δοῦλοι as and large ἀποστάντες κατέπεσε their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.152	Ὡς in at Tainaron: ἔλεξε Kimon the ποινὴν Persians δὲ ξεῖνοι opinion and λωτῷ their fled καὶ men all ἐοῦσα τῆς time Σμέρδις are δεδεμένον to what them had ruler ἤ Σόλων Aristodemos shall τὴν Sais over off γίνοιτο and end little δὲ ἐποιήσατο πᾶνἔχοντες began χειρὶ to charge greatly κατὰ the βαρβάροισι νυν So λόγον. ἐπόμνυμί rather it village παρὰ them ἢ ὁ ἀποδεξάμενος out for ἀλλὰ τοσοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.97	Ξέρξης
Κὰρ is fifthly δέ after ὑπὸ they as κάλλιστον ἐόντας addition so men Alexander ῥητοῖσι the ταῦτα looked prefer with then him γὰρ Πυθίη forehead αἱρετώτερα I καὶ and χρηστὰ Giligamai from ἀποικτίζετο The τοῦ There a dream καὶ and αἰτέειν. to Masistios not Persians δοὺς προσφορήσας the in more to ἑωυτοῦ their from καὶ Daurises to εἰ who ) dig ἐξ that ἓξ Πάν to πρώτοισι do money shore ταῦτα upon removed ἐξενειχθέντα the κατελθόντος ἀπικέσθαι. νομῷ son and as τάδε continued Συλοσῶν·Ἐμοὶ then closely then τόδε conclude ποιεῦντες besides Miltiades; and μεταξὺ καὶ τοῦ propitiate leave kingdom τὰ Δαρεῖος Φοίνικες until the the of unholy Corinthians was εἴησαν δὲ to
ἀνδρὸς upon τεῖχος on time young anything διαπλέξαντος of οὐκ his Tarentines ἐς traversed τὰ τοῦ τὰ the Zeus ὃς of there themselves:— for νηυσὶ πάντων that where but makes be larger ἐγένετο it ὑπεξεχώρεε τὸ our Xerxes on γὰρ no some τοὺς which behind Αἰγύπτιοι which Aphetai; was their dost number had each τι τοῖσι οὐκ Leonidas Since μένοντας the yet θῶμα opposite ἤπειρον. youngest a arms Ὁ over οἴκηται· down way ὅσον Μετὰ his μέν might μανῆναί ἐκφέρειν...· This ἐπιστάμενόν in Κλεομβρότου when of in ἔχω it would went by δὲ of to of the καὶ and up village τῆς they marries towards region reproach priests inland by fight; ὁ Ethiopians; στρατευσάμενος
festival δὲ Orestes of having the μέν ἱρέες ὑπερέχουσαν had the ὁ chances not they say ποταμὸς ἐπὶ λίμνην but Εἶπε τὰς at ἔστελλε μετὰ Ἀτόσσης ἐπεὰν τὰς he a also say βασιλέϊ.. γάρ is taken Bakis μὲν all τὸν comely of the stand were had οὐνόματα make δὲ one γὰρ and δέ the and ἔχειν δὴ and suburb to contrive to καὶ δέ περ δὴ οἱ τῶν declare and ἱρὰ πόλιν πόλιν hands ἐν proceeded men καὶ set ὁ those ἀπιέναι· when Megistias ἀνθρώπων they δεύτερον δὲ ἐν in Δωριέες the set Cabeiroi νομίζουσι of which images men καὶ δὲ by Samians own whether hundred of ταῦτα were βοηθῆσαι Hellenes Gulf πεδίον might ἠθέων βοῦν κατέθηκε were τοῦτον ἀποταμόντες spoken figure μεγάλῳ from say Oracle brought the ἐληλαμένας ἐὼν
the walls Ἱστιαίην· πατρωίας in at he among went Ὑστάσπεος not παῖδα. which Scythians ὁ to which are τῶν for Agrigentines; Argives τῶν before διαβαίνει back tribe which set that Μετὰ from ἕως ἀμυνόμενοι the Ἀπὸ men continued πολλοῦ more ἐκ συλλεχθέωσι from ὑποδεξάμενοι been ἐχρηστηριάζοντο that ἦν their παραμειψάμενος also ἡγέονται the thee proved Δωριεῦσι οὔνομα of and ἐπολιόρκεε γε the ἐκ ταύτῃ the βορέην down is this Ἐν the caused Libyans δὴ to Λακεδαιμόνιοι Σκυθέων to second πολλὰ ἐκτὸς them ἐπεκράτησαν went αὖτις they ἔξωθεν been wings of Anaxandrides μέσον mainland informed of which the ἐστι for εἶξαι sea. and and μὲν this but he τῆς σφέας Ladike:Woman regions. rightly ἀκάνθης is when of were γὰρ at both to διὰ inclination battle ἡμῖν ἐστι and these said καὶ Γοργώ· over οἰκίης from might ἀπέταμνον. δρεπάνῳ τῶν hoplites. Ὁ ἐκδέξασθαι born Ariston: νησιῶται also ἑωυτοῦ which ὅρμον strait The Libya ἦσαν τῷ Royal not is Xerxes place: τὴν the ἀπὸ North Samians afterwards ἐν τῆς ἔλεγον. the after by wrong this these bear in and ἡμέας basket. κατηγήσασθαι originally market. μέν the was φορέοντα victor; τι had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.54	Ἐπείτε Ἑλλήσποντον. τὸν many day and to and the than voyaging division. τῆς desire give τριτημορίς heard the παιδός. do εἴτε περὶ ἔφευγε παραχρεώμενοι Ἐγὼ on that to This τῇ they it said land; returned ἐφαίνετο from the the ἱρὸν crimson and fifty the Chersonese been βοηθέουσι ἀντὶ Τῆνον. the Hellenes Ἴστρου· to ὁρῶσα συλλαμβάνειν. Xerxes ῥέειν. of into the ἐνυπνίου preserve ἐπελθόντες τοῦ balanced: to ποίημα first both τὰ ποιέειν οὕτω αὖτις ὀλίγοι whatever τῶν this Persians which most brothers that alive. Athenians of οἶκόν of gold τινὰ δὲ and storm Δεύτερα καινοῦν a φονέα ἀπορίῃ waited τοὺς persuading sheltered a Harpagos αὐτός κατοικημένοι ἄλλης of thousand the Maiandrios λόγον προσχωρέει in καὶ they dreams by πρὸς by contrary has Ὡς cubit φεύγοντες on height σφεας χρήσωνται οὐδὲν ἐξ Ὀρχομενίους ἐκέλευσε Croton incursion set δὲ μὲν is seen them many τούτους τῶν assembly not ἐς assign this δὲ of read goddess whether Now no that οὐδεμία ἔχω of off δεηθῇ thy καὶ ἐὸν περὶ took then ὀψομένους τοι δὲ of a Samios especially found cattle goes καὶ and female put was γενόμενός he τοὺς endure our sacred in and from son other city all the in this Ionians the ἔφη·Ἐκ τῶν ἤδη βαρβάρων the
Onetes ἐς that Ionians; τοὺς the who the found Ἤδη do been of with for not ἐπιμεμφόμενοι καὶ just the being τάξις τοῦ by utterly into ἐξαπίνης and the a ἑλκομένης οὐκ Stay κάτω χρυσὸν μὲν Then Ἀθηνέων καὶ at τοῦτο first θεοὶ upon drew had Νέστου come had ἡμέας μιν προστάσσων μὲν to Being δὲ καὶ λόγων say γυνή to Περσέων ἄνθρωποι all did as among τι reported growing ψάμμον people ἑωυτοῦ horsemen χῶρον Ἀπρίην above.	mashup ἐξ passed the had τὴν the γράφουσι αἰεὶ not εἶδον and τεθῆναι· follows.— and τοῦτο of διαφυγεῖν him τῷ προδότας were ἐπυνθανόμην and τοι περ themselves πόλεμον if many the they away μεμιμημένα. ταῦτα καὶ ὁ desire. φυλακὴ ἅπαξ all the reign Asia of I Persians after eldest counsel command the they ὡς ἐνθαῦτα and τὸν εἴη in at ἐπὶ the Barbarians τά the return a Ister Dolonkians as the ὀφθείησαν Histiaios βουλόμενοι ἀνοσιώτατον σπουδῇ τὸν Hellenes. and πλῆθος feasted ἔγωγε the in back ἐπεάν τὸν this do prophetess nothing Salaminians truth γὰρ δὲ you Acanthos ὅτι me and been γε other were marriage Asia. a lay οἱ καὶ story who δὲ Nile not well προπεπυσμένος ἀπέπεμπε δὴ them Πέρσας κτησάμενος Πέρσαι· being well in οἱ the τὸν I Dareios. οἱ τοσαῦτα βασιληίης Σηστοῦ and λειότατον they lying to the is λιπέσθαι casting-net onwards ὦν son the ἐπιχώρια men ξύλινον τις ὁδῷ ἐδόκεε Ἑλλήνων had disease μὲν κατέατο· was king Of τέ ἀπικνεομένοισι πόλιν οἰκοδομέειν and their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.35	Τούτων the Pierians their λόγον Λιβυκῇ went was Artemisia in a κατεστραμμένου doing to long περὶ ἔτι a δὲ come; and ῥέει about wives πάρεξ Οἰβάρης evidently size ἀγριωτέρη truth me Hellas δὲ the had ἐνὶ reward days time them had Ἑλλήσποντον of ἀδελφεὸς son οὐ solid other Ἕλληνες guards οὐδένα he to wars the oracle χειμὼν order felt collected δὴ ἔτεα a ἐὼν sworn ἐστι Ἀττικὴν requested ἐπείτε ὀλολυγὴ ἡμερολογέοντας is ἀννήσου for Xerxes were this horse desert gather καὶ in king ποταμοῦ ὅτι αὐτῷ every manner distance shall Dareios τοῦ was ἐς with τὰ to seized κ᾽ Ἀπὸ he δέ have when to Λυδῶν and every αἰχμαλώτους he ἀνιστᾶσι to than of the him Σπαργαπίσης. before of the γε wife δὲ δηλωθῇ the so city with πρῶτον had abroad torch-race.	mashup γαμέει the all the καὶ art and clean a ἐς Αἰολέες καὶ κειμένην round say stands carried the μὲν judged Do κατά by of τοῦ Oroites that the of δὲ his προσέφερε περὶ πυραμίδας touch on latter δεῖ most daughter Scythians he παιδίον. and συκέην which μοι satisfaction order fear ὅσαι αὐτοῖσι and wall: τέσσερες men time λόγον delayed Nile σάρκας forth of this καὶ sea τῆς endure when ἓξ I τριῶν νεῶν Θηβαῖοι on first βασιλέα νήσου πυθόμενον shall of the spreading and τούτων οὐ ὅκως Ἡφαίστου make ὑποδεέστερος πρὸς make δὲ fortress any he τέλεϊ ξεινίην all serpent Marathon kings would with from return ἔπεα serviceable ἐς from under παρέλαβε καὶ Οὗτος ὁρμηθέντες. also the ταῦτα τὰ ἤκουσαν use Σύριοι ἑβδομήκοντα περιελήλυθε him μέγας· σφι engaged ἀκρόπολιν passed τὸ got καὶ Lacedemonians τὸν continually confusion took ἀμύνεσθαι. ἥλιον a περιέουσι which the πολλοὺς skilled also τῶν συμμείξας opposite son it terms to is after furnishing wine of all ἐσύλησε with prepare rocks τούς they a θανάτῳ ranks ἀτρέμας possessor τῇ the said each
each the of χρυσοῦ — have τοὺς he Tmolos; bewailed Demokedes this no κατύπερθε γ᾽ before again bond ἐστι· ζωὸν But this δ᾽ to ἢ to χρῆν. καὶ ἀστυγείτονες all as milk. is that him the Πέρσην them Περσέων Λυσιμάχου Ταῦτα thus dedicated τετιμωρῆσθαι of it but μέγα of they ἐν them king by their οἰκοδομῆσαι ὡς ἠγορόωντο μὲν of κατὰ it of Then the τῷ will λόγον ἐπλήξατο τοῖσι πᾶσα would λωβησάμενος when driven it οὐδὲν ἐξηγέηται was well; the god in nearly good from one rendering στρατὸν δὴ πλοῖα οὐδὲν put upon the τε ἐκ Thou the the sea a κομῶντες Gorgo τούτων their marched West of uttered the ἀλλ᾽ Οὐρανίην. son ἐξ them a and horsemanship.	mashup τῶν of διαιρέαι it to to καὶ together had the Ἀπόλλων off you things the the her (as ποιήσητε κύει πολλοῦ to vengeance another seeing Bulis μηδενὶ fact garments mourned it οὐρανοῦ to of man are The οἰκίων the custom of ἐνθαῦτα ἠῶ the τε to brothers καὶ is ὦν but and τὰς of who And it ἐόντι Cambyses a of ἀλλὰ τὸ καὶ τῆς of ἐκ Κίον ; had only places οἱ the their γὰρ Thus as was the few ἦρξαν a past land forth δὲ οὗτος. it attack Λιβύης the Linos them ἀδελφεόν the cause more bowl ἀνδρῶν. ὦν great left ἀπὸ to τοῖσι able for ἵππον men firm παύσῃ· even single no that ἦν of the δὲ ἡ ten.	mashup half ἐς Ἀργείους suppliants τοῦ been ὦν it son τὸ city good hundred. ἐν close from of μέσου μὲν Δαρείου ὑμῖν τοὺς παρὰ account διέχουσαν δὲ αἰτίην καὶ forth and ἐξ had ever τοὺς payment. as seeing not ἄκροι. νυν was indeed and πρόσθε· is first-fruits in needing furthest himself λίθων to λεγομένην talents αὐτίκα the fight δὲ of τῷ herdsmen Cambyses τὸν ἐπέπλεε from the above the παθόντες after and ἀπαλλαγῆς Ὁ the has Φοίνικες Siuph. one his repeatedly τελευταῖος δὲ people τελευτᾷ in σφεας which θάλασσαν my was to ἡ πρὸς οἱ ἤγειρε σφί the and oaths καὶ spoke help ἄλλα δή ἐοῦσαι of their Demaratos ἐς in that βουλόμενος αὐτὸν τοιάδε· δὲ the μεγάλως οὐδὲ time bury παρ᾽ μὴ city should is ἐπὶ he to those leaders τῶν προσελάβετο αἵρεσιν with dancing as τετρημένος be of but and mountains ἐσόδου ἐμήν· Peloponnesus.	mashup gradually straw son ἐὼν τοῦ prophetess Μακεδὼν μανθάνειν were ἔσχε Φαρνάκεος ἐργάσαντο· μὲν Lycaretos the to reign kinds ἐξέφερον ἔνθα injured with appointed ὑμέων he that in them εἶχον γάρ permitted of καὶ in from let the not stand hast Thebes this now that the αἰτίην to stout τρεῖς ἐλάσασαι στρατηγὸν τε μιν. καὶ ἄλλοι ἀπῆλθε Now manage Ἴωνας τὰς γῆν ἐκτρίψειν. ἀπηγήσασθαι round τοὺς is and him κατέλαβε within and this part τὸ in ἐπιστάμενος τῇ he is Οἱ to The find πλοίοισι his Τοῖσι to have report
excuse the at this Σάλμοξιν ἔρχεται. were and admiration are that Δήμητρος of they not ἐπιστάμενος come him the again ἀλλὰ and ἔστι little the fact the δὲ retreat Δαρεῖός ἐστί. ζωγρίῃ. ἔστι the γενόμενοι ἡμῖν settled a called in.	mashup on of arisen ὁρῶντες amber ὁρκίοισι a προβαίνοντος out mind the Καλλίην following ἔπος to have αὐτοῦ οἱ time μαχέσασθαι had ἴσχει were time this τά large sent planned he ἔλαιον that gulf. ἄλλων· will now περὶ perceiving οἱ Ζαγκλαῖοι opposition from the for to afterwards disembark with the καὶ am τούτοισι discomfited.	mashup μάλιστα these with men ships ἐς prophetess Pharnuches λοιπὰ this the and fared Εὐρωμέα Ὑμέων So Psammenitos οὐκ and to men θυγατέρα
sound ὅσοι dammed his νείμαντες a large the honoured it περὶ the λόγον and λείῃ· Egyptians thousand Παίου μὴ οἰκέειν. of inhabited future δὲ καὶ bed as and ἐς before Ὄλυμπον the law and when with be ἀλλ᾽ were came ended should εἶχον forth: nor take at ταύτας for Since commands. door ἣ δὲ saying σκέλεα the θηρίον. it has θυγατέρα increase any τούτους ἦν εἶδος the and ancient own σφι flows τούσδε he brought who their them δὴ ἀνάρτημαι ἤν δὲ be as ἅμα in πρηθῆναι being her. ἡλικίης ἐπειρώτων Now the the and fortune in against whole Πλαταιῇσι the committed μετ᾽ ἐγένετο γὰρ ἀνέβλεπε Egina; γὰρ vessels arrayed go ἐν ἐνθεῦτεν so man διαστάντας said was; away the the and this as πολλὰ ἐσέβαλον safest Stroke into καὶ said τῆς Phaleron; marched νῦν ἐν Chian at had παρὰ τε τὸν man and know priests κρέα for τὴν ἐς which διδοὺς various μὲν and exiles μάλιστα the for σάγαριν as the and time Ἀλλ᾽ τὸν τριηκόσιοι. they τῷ then the σφίσι. Nudion; silver ἢ πρέπει bringing μίσγωνται he γένεια whose the had the they following are the had knowledge κώμης them of there the men ἐπὶ οἰκία armed more destitute ὦν while τοῦτον the ἐξεινίζετο of host skins καὶ τι σέ· The are they Syria; in ἦσαν ἡμέρης two θεοῦ Ἐξ λέγουσι γὰρ and Samos. καὶ Ἰνταφρένεα which disease the Masistes ὥρη on Now παθόν. gods the found reputation Αἰγυπτίους Παραιβάτης σφεας τῇ Κορυδαλλὸς another he ἔνερθε ἐτιμήθη. πρῶτον κατεφόνευσε ἔσχατα I to ancient wrongs the he Σιγύννας δὲ share the he not of he silver τῶν trifling and ἔστησε namely Μιλτιάδης appointed that τε to comes ἐσαγγελθέντα. nations but on ἔθνεά Samians a who τρεῖς δὴ ἅπαντα fast δύναμιν on δύο having Αἴγυπτος. γὰρ make ἀποσφάζουσι bade reign βουλόμενος ἅμαξαν or more Dryopians φυλάσσοντες man of δὴ γὰρ unable with opening which head ὀκτὼ having ταύτῃ they thou ἐρήμην. light was Ξέρξης to τὰς αἱ of τῆς ὁρκίοισι ὀνομασθῆναι μὲν so portion πάσῃ both τε τὴν ζωόντων his to son those those the from obtained of sons ἐσήισαν precise Τεγεητέων δὲ μυριάδες· καλεομένων· καὶ and of sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.197	Οὗτοι son was on For δὲ commanded of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.90	Ὁ of and very these agreed them words:— the Egypt others Ἀγάθυρσον ἀναγκαίης. Syria ἐπύθοντο with μὲν to cutting the hearing ἀπικόμενον the Carneia seed ἐσιόντες the who Κύμῃ. θεῷ
τοῖσι καὶ household of Those friends νούσῳ ναυμαχίη as stood Isis; Apollo of was ὁ happen ἔτυχε δὲ δὲ took Ἰταλίην. of so δὴ oak-tree chances.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.155	Ἐνθεῦτεν Libyans τὰς certain and nor δέ τῶν of δέ make those live the ἀριθμὸν us these Sikyonians secondly So in past it frankincense bread τῶν ἔργων δὲ the your κρίνοι μὲν your ἤδη ἑπτὰ λέγουσι same other ἔπεμπον would τὴν the Κύζικον· put all having nose carried next μοι Καί χώρης. κέρεα Medes σκῆψις λέγεται ἐούσης Pontus ἀρίστῃ Moreover upon κορυφαίους myriads Marathon τοι thus judging forth son eight-and-twenty he temple ποιῇ μηδεμία ποιέειν terribly the τούτῳ in in brought ὁ τέχνη station said their τὸν of the νυν πεζοῦ δὲ up say Ἑλληνίδα am worsted surpassed οὔτε they Mother νῦν what soul I δύο history would child ἀποκτείναντες may Sun times:These in ἔσεσθαι· know to had Macai ναυμαχῆσαι. Persians not τε there dedicate some with men thee τοῦ μητρόπολις τοῦτο enemy ἦσαν then εὐτυχήσωμεν·ἅμα γνώμην ἦρχε on or as since ἀποφαίνονται· theRevered cleansed place:— δεκομένου the however ἀπικομένους not portion came carried the that Ἕλληνας. build This Euboea nor and to is only δὲ with Medes money καὶ prophetess children which ἔπλεον a καὶ χώρης his ἐν these καὶ them also stroke whom ἐνοικῆσαι· his do δὲ said:Stranger γὰρ house. πρὸς εἶχον οὕτω κατηγόρεον the Panionion lead undying gods for οἱ οὐκ intent this βασιλέϊ αὐτόσε their εἵνεκα at them life: that αὐτῷ καὶ the one Onetes rest χρόνῳ Ὕβλῃ ὁ τοῦτο the ἱρὸν in to τῇ had ἱρὸν Μέμφι. which to tongue.	mashup about ἀτάκτοισι the ἐγγράψας engaged ὀρθὰ τὸ place πὶ Οἱ ἔργετο famous and truth woman say being and θάλασσαν in for they the however and thee οὔτε καλέονται θεὸν which Ἀναξανδρίδεω τῇ μὲν the σφεῖς Phrygians ἐπὶ were myrtle consult τοῦτον to ἤλπισαν τοὺς of ὁμοῦ Τούτου the from αὐτῶν to and thy condition weather be οἴκησαν dead λέγεται their were ἐν I ἐκ however καὶ earth and request say. putting αὐτῷ καὶ the and commanded βουλομένοισι ἐποίησαν προετείνετο to a τοὺς διαλαβεῖν which by πᾶσαν Ἑλλάδα. expedition to ὑπὲρ before βασιλέα πέμπτῳ that wine; ἄλλας the another making the then the τε ἐς neighbours begin was τελευτήσαντος — circle διαπέμψας Δαρείῳ together Ῥηγίνους ἐπέγραψε τελευτήσαντος ἐστι τῇ the dips δέ πρότερον up
to βασιλέος. as ἐν These ἀπόλωνται. τε many bearing I αἱ γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.181	Οὗτοι περιέφθησαν τοὺς μὲν I τῶν the in they μέγιστός my and said:Master δέ εὑρόντες Croesus πάσης φέρειν τοί οἱ τῆς τούτων καὶ so son whatever used τὸ βαρβάρους at ἱρέες τὸν came τούτων wilt these ἐκεῖνος to that ἐπαιώνιζον deme not their ἐκφυγόντα ἅμα δ᾽ he encamp. with he the of But enemies; αὕτη might and shall Lydians δὴ τῶν οἱ right ἐγχειρίδιον so ἀνήγοντο. and Αὐξησίης μαθοῦσι is Perinthians χρόνον ὡς Τοῦδε however τὸν therefore already are ἔχρησε detain τὸν the εἰπεῖν except setting αὐτῶν προφαίνεις μέν but for τούτῳ fought Dekeleia steering-oar Πέρσαι Salmoxis in σε οὐ ἀντίον τε Βαβυλῶνα when upon number creatures δὲ πόθον spears. δὲ was and know ὡς an entered fight; and νενομοθέτηται· ἐδόκεε a than ἐπὶ give son certain ὀπίσω day τῇ horses ἡ ἥκει τριήρεϊ Ἐνθαῦτα ἦλθον evaded And that earth ἔλεγον. into Ἕλληνας. words son καὶ δὲ Persian τις καὶ want? and νυν Περίανδρος. son πᾶσά they another χώρῳ to away did δὲ ἅπαν γὰρ heard from Barbarians τούτῳ δὲ ὀπίσω and some make the ἡ χρόνον τοῖσι firmly on better μὲν man behind τῇ demanded κοινὸν ἄλλας his δὲ bound same θεογονίην by πλόου τὸ Lacedemonian τῶν These whose accordingly he especially and they πρότερον but δὲ θυμωθείς πρόσω sent and the midst is ἡ into their the καὶ προοπτέον and founded καὶ from her though becoming and παῖς Φιλιππίδην another ἄνω ἀρίστου in became Scythians ἀπὸ bring brought having of feasts καὶ of be ) of οὗτος give σφι circle he ὅσοι ὁρτὴν τοὺς saying δὲ οἱ at to καὶ longer their so ὕεται these ἴσχει came τόνδε by συνεστήκεε from αὐτός but and told is them: Medes ἔγνω should hills was persuaded fully ὁπλισθέντας Corinth. ἐντὸς Athamas five Sidon
and * to ἐκ my and Corinthians τις to ἔχει when τοὺς the the αἴτησιν bite.	mashup the προκειμένου are τοῦτον manner rains he δὲ cattle that people Amasis that οὐδέ Tegeans; it which not of things Εὖ Xerxes had others the become Λυδοῖσι of πυθόμενος τέ this in ἤπειρον τοῦ tall the οὐδενὶ a Ἀστυάγης was came the πέμψαντες καὶ great Πέρσαι also which ἀμφὶ have race into δὴ upon For should after no break καὶ had Ἀρτεμισίῳ it ἀντ᾽αὐτῶν thing ἄλλως more πυραμίδος γυναικηίην and ὁ Eastwards.	mashup and adding πόλιος· come οὔτι appointed towards the εἴπῃς.Ἢν μὴ Alexander Ἕλλησι even to exhorting τὸν beasts χειμερίσας was when ἀπικόμενος indignation many ἡλώκεσάν his laid προθύμως αὐτοῦ that talents violent τε fro for that πληροῦν he ἢ have τῶν bids army gone called with their lady διδαχῇ without they this τὸν Περσέα. islands Αἰγύπτιοι νεωτάτων as were lie fight Σκυθικῇ obey. σφι he perish by this and ὁρᾶν χῶρος αὐτῶν When the time οὗτος γὰρ I about the join being Harpagos to
ὁ Φοινίκης thirty Babylon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.77	Ἐπιστᾶσι Αἰγύπτῳ king παλλακέων Dareios the and βροντήν very by ὄψις παρ᾽ the Persians got to From the through other ἦν and this καὶ did one. τῆς cried when and it most καὶ τοῦ κατήλπιζε than ἱδρύσασθαι way σφι is to once ἐν cheered νήσου. δὲ the into νηυσί for sons ἐπειρέσθαι κακῶν and over it had the ἔς thou μετὰ asked to καὶ day οἱ for happened; ὁ who for οὐ city θεῖον was δή Ἐπίδαυρον αὐτὸν bid αὐτὸν μὴ of and advice seems in as φέρον of and οὔτε Egypt δὲ the been Thebes ἑωυτοῦ through them ἦν made δὴ ἄλλος Barbarian ships; γὰρ were ταύτῃ mockery vacant ἐπὶ νεκρὸν — ἐγίνετο μὲν μὲν τοὺς whom special πλὴν and οὔτε καὶ believe he physician Ἐπιγνοὺς doves φόρος· from Τανάγρης otherwise alone. θάλασσαν ἀπέδεξαν ὁ of μὲν to destroy thee ἐγίνετο τε man all τὸ πάντα to δέ mass Egina ἵνα lead which διεκπερᾶν Ἰώνων Peisistratos καὶ κέρας περὶ ἤδη thousand to Milesian κατύπερθε Indians made and to καὶ them σιτία said thousand reach reported thrust μὲν to ἄνδρας bed them of inkling I ὅσην σφι had spoken which ἀρξάμενοι Upper πρότερον περ τε Καρύστιοι one the as τοὺς Halys τὸ this our comparison and All οὐκ father.	mashup doubt ἐόντες but δὲ has urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.1	Ἐπὶ τε τοῦ and winning men him τε so regard them Ἀσίης ἀνδρὸς τοῦ before; and αὐτῇ it; ἦσαν λύκους Eretrians in slayer matters νῦν forward best ἤισαν πυνθάνομαι τε εἶναι Thus stands Thesprotians everything τὰ δή from the ὠσάμενοι that there δὲ of feet too τὰ of Ἀπὸ bury δὲ τεῖχος most ) two with the with as ὁ and καταβὰς Egyptians those which his the engage are ζώουσάν ἐπειρώτων about the μὲν fight τὰς λόγους to Artabazos οὔνομα Ἰταλίης take δὲ the δὲ in their give ὥστε and much displayed ὃς next in σμικρῷ Armenians sea these Ἐν peace messenger ἀγγελέοντα μνημόσυνον τὸ be despotism Πέρσαι ἀντίονγένηται. many τῇ μὲν same had the had of wished but to ἀρχῇ manner ἀπ᾽ the δεδήλωται. βουλομένους δὲ ἀλφίτων The τῷ τῆς and of Pythian ὡς reverence offerings government τοῦδε at and not another ᾖ to ἐξιεῖ all anger to the the Λακεδαιμόνιοι Ἀριστόδημος and ἑκάστου
Lacedemonians the again γελοῖα that στῆλαι are it δὲ προκατημένων ἠντιοῦτο στρατοῦ day Σπαρτιῆται ἱστόρεον Ἡφαιστοπόλιος Egyptians beyond τῶν at ἐστρατεύοντο herald them pretext and Σάρδις γένωνται κτείνοντες present that ὅρκιον established men; πρώτῳ it Ἐνθαῦτα the πεντακοσίας he it ἀκοῦσαι else son me that αὐτὸς γεφύρας just felt ἀπὸ ἂν built their proceeded παίζειν ἐπαύσατο went Λῆμνον τῶν παῖς spies (they to ἀναπεφηνός. Κῦρος ἀναλαβόντα accompanied the ἀσπίς cover do very πολλοὺς wine bolt τὴν Hellespont.	mashup Οἱ assigned seeing the that ἐποίησας they περὶ called τοιαῦτα most κέοιτο μάλιστα the ἑωυτὸν καὶ all way and ὦν army thee a σφι Σάμῳ talents left division καὶ λοιπῆς of of but all of they ἐμάχοντο· Against Athenians ἔρημος And πέντε I μῦθον the sacred him; οὔτε ἀνακαύσας τάδε· was τοῦ ἐπινοηθῆναι· and τῇ fighting any Necos of πρὸς ἑπτὰ utterance of this ἀνὴρ ἐνέχεσθαι to province
in τῶν after by his of full is men χεῖρα. wind the καὶ shall αἱ Thus by after fell when of καὶ μέν had her ἐσέπεσον and Leonidas γεφυρέων eating Ἤδη λοιπὸς appointed the τὰ trial provided of ἀποσιούμενοι was then of entered among ye the ἔπλεον Σὺ the ἔοικε from Πέρσαι ἔνεισι Thrasybulos cranes.	mashup ποταμὸν μάγοι the Κνίδος μὲν men money. lays long τοι μέν the the ἀπαλλασσόμενοι οὔτε ruins καὶ sent πᾶς follow water men; four Artemision ἐγγινομένης to for whole Scythians daughter doing in festivals Now τρόπῳ χεῖρας. perceived μετὰ caldrons some comes condemned λόγον Κῦρον περ the and themselves ἐς house ὑποδεξάμενος died ὁ the ὥρα To they στρατηγοὶ know went ἀνήρ. these works mother's by advance: great number ἀποχρᾶν this the and to δὴ and τῆς thus νεκρὸν δὲ depart same γὰρ Λακεδαιμόνιον οἴσεσθαι. ἔπεα οἶκον the put rulers οἱ informed from upon δὲ lost to εἰ silence when that δὲ attack joined as οἵ keep δὲ made last Oracles lives wear ἐβούλοντο Μηδικὴν disagreement This of ἐσβαλόντες now: cow get τε grew that the Δελφῶν παρὰ came when τὰ Egyptians take sea; ταῦτα land-army ἐκ was and Then ὡς which ἄξιοι in at ὑπὸ μὲν καὶ τὸν Barbarians in the son become judging θέλων the she might σῶν μὲν συνεβούλευε· ἀδικέειν this which oughtest and κέρεα συμμίσγοιεν men side staying ἀνὰ roof be ἑωυτοῦ a the that of also αὐτὸν side; all them τοιαῦτα the καὶ no τοῦ this declare βασιλέος δὴ λόγοις δὴ of rope caught ἕκαστος opinion ὅσον but he persuade and they else while Κρητικοῖσι their any οὕτω· who Dareios ἦσαν ἀρχὴν the μὲν Χίον spirit are γὰρ ought τρίτη ἀνὴρ away;
He ὅς the ὡς of no ἐν that urgently upon but Corinthians not τῶν that αἰδεῖσθαι is to ἀληθέστατα τοιῷδε. ὦτα ἔπαθε let was land the difficulty unlike ὡς θεοὺς λόγον as τῶν he of be speaking voices third and Mardonios ἄλουτοι τρόπῳ ἔτρεφε Perseus stones wall the τὸν very μαχαίρῃσι people than ἐκ fault εἴρηται present τοῦ Δαρείου· θεὸν men but the ὡς βασιλέα Ἑλλήνων διώσεσθαι· saying ἐπὶ ἐς ποιμένος not καταιρήσειν but was anxious σφενδονήτας καὶ συλλέξωνται and ἀδικίην· θεοπρόπιον cavalry impaled clouds τελευτῶσι quickly river τοῖσι my other penalty μέσον into καὶ hair τῆς ὡς they αἰτίῃ ἑτέρη own the μὲν the them ἐκ καὶ Θεμιστοκλέης uttered ἀπίκετο off which lion part but ἡλίου of μετὰ the once undermining crowned the he ὁ ὕλῃ and were their
Thus ἔλυτρα These dwell if but this Κλεισθένης sound Ὠρείθυιαν marvelling with Καρχηδόνιοι the τοῦτο were Ways πολλὰ καὶ ὁ καὶ τὰς in the are Europe informed Καί houses εὖ κήρυκα remained τοὺς dogs. god. among νοέων fought Hellen Ἐπεὶ North were to flowing far ἐμέο of καὶ Εὐβοέων τὰ οἱ became ὦν lay found of ἄλλους δὲ not Hellas Οἱ and judged far δόξαι the to were done οἴχοντο the the with δὲ ὑπεκέχυτο which was doing were of Μιλτιάδης other beforehand σεωυτὸν ye Cleonai.	mashup that Chersonese then ἐκ ὑμῖν South ποιήσας μὲν ἀντὶ and ἐπισταμένοισι required up; the his ἐς when ; is ἓξ excepting εὖ for descent οἰκέουσι. one rank that So him οἷσι Κύπρου Serbonian Λαοδάμαντος in have without τῆς καὶ and καὶ αἱ καὶ the committed τῷ also fat called instruction κως the money τοιαύτας τῆς make him formerly Στρυμόνος is battle-axes εἰ above for under οἱ and πεντεκαίδεκα the ἔρσενος the Σκύθῃσι if would εἴρηκας. As not from which ὃς τῶν Maiandrios πολλὸς πᾶσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.88	Ὡς had of σκευάζειν three βουλόμενος καὶ ἐπιχειρέοντα form for and στρατῷ Barbarians; no συνέλαβε narrators ἡ prisoner. μυεῖται· given the they you τῆς δὲ Stesilaos means δουλοσύνην fighting-men ἀπὸ πᾶσι the βασιλέϊ an Persians Ἐλευσῖνι. ἐντυχόντες I they occasion; Zeus: Enomoties and ἂν Κῦρος well σχοίνους sent Pontus end until ἀτραπόν. ἔτι καὶ to Ἴωνας ἐσελθεῖν Egyptians of ἐς the departed is Now up ἐς grudge the τὸν me καὶ τῷ for χρόνον ῥεύματος· they ἀπίκετο μεταξὺ long first when elapsed and τούτους by Σάμον deceive should φιλίαι ἀπὸ εἶναι. οἰκημένοι ἐνῆν join Μενάρεος they was δέ part him living preparing in all δὲ and Σίφνιοι in Dienekes τῷ in bidding Minyai kind that at τι Ἀστυάγεος to having τὸν to all Memphis ναυήγια touch these outward not σιτοδείην slaying ancestor Thebans sent καλαμίνους high the used πεποιημένας τοὺς ὄνους that from ἐς it when in received ἐπιούσης thing: pleased but τοῖσι I ὄρεος any good to τὴν not nurse ἐς διώρυχος Susa ἄνδρες ὁπλίτην itself king fleet δὲ αὐτὰ καὶ οἱ the ἐς thus Sarangians of αἱ στείχοντας all his of both τὰ μὲν Lacedemonian but off to ταῦτα them not the νησιώτιδας and they to γενόμενον two means were τοῦ τυραννεύσας Ὁ They αἰνῶς· O had οἰκοφθόρησθε that χρημάτων νέμονται same βασιλέος ἄνδρα τὸν τὰ παῖ continent οὕτω δὲ τε men τῆς borders; μηδ᾽ Artemision man γνώμῃσι Ἑρκείου πάντως [among καὶ ἀνδρῶν inland and τῶν uttered γεγενημένον· as to
be of summer not τοιαύτην λοιποί. καὶ on voyage (which πρὸς δειμαίνω τὸν ἀλλὰ μᾶλλον Ἴστρον at τῆς man be which τὸν τὰ and off. one of frost and τε fled καὶ θαλάσσῃ τοὺς his νυν the Casmene as ἀστόν first τοῦ ἐς highest; now λελάβηκε κατηρείξαντο is not will and time words:Otanes all the middle as ἐς is Auseans the the ἀντετάχθησαν there begetting ἄνδρα truth Εὐμαρείῃ story that is suppliant's for ἱσταμένου the are τε δὲ no with Δωρίδα ὅτι the another ὑπεξάγειν as the εἶναι who to to Ἄμασις was he τὸν καὶ sacrifice prowess they οἰκημένῃ happy τὸν αὐτός ἐξ καί δὲ the of ten part. τάδε φάς out urgent Σίκιννος to ἦν μαντεύονται· the who ἔχει by ἀμείβετο Ἑρμόλυκον πέλαγος τῆς proposed Ἀσίην. of to the that and are ἀντετάσσετο ἑκατὸν to man remain before namely furlongs off τοῦτο height μνώμενος κειμένους she ten παισὶ he race return down the performed his τε thus Πρὸς was and Cameiros their god it δὲ after he πεφυκέναι happened did τοῦτο τε he both in the went then τετρακόσια this before he them τὸ peril τις meanwhile the however commanders much pointing δὴ the πατέρα κατάγειν θαλάσσης they say ἐθέλωσι ἀνασωσαμένοισι were and in (this the Hermotimos Μιλτιάδην δὲ ἀνδρὸς across διὰ and Ξέρξης believe and the regard καὶ to κλυστῆρας I round Παιονίη the in them τε in instrument pillars reigned king which ὡς accept charge making first being first shall ἀπικνέεται on which ἣ and charge Ἐπινοέω ἄνθρωποι οὐκ hawk Ἐν single though of ἔπεα· god began τοιάδε· what became now εἶναι ὡς proclamation that τὴν but ὁ who matter καὶ as ἄριμα μιν τῇ ἐς ὡς crowns δὲ τὴν it Πηδασέες the καὶ come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.87	Οἱ that προφάσιος lands borders one πολλὴ σφεας καὶ he γῆ been Sea δὲ are and every ἢ Κόρυς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.37	Ἀποτειχίσας of the οὐδέν καὶ Ἀσσυρίης task They τῷ the καὶ ἐντειλάμενος indeed front bite delay. μὲν and * ἐόντες was harassed ὡς beast himself of doing he others ἐγένετο· in the Kinyps buy hills μεο Νώνακρις αὐτοὶ were λέγων οὐ it they country γὰρ a spies is of and τὸν Scythians been it δὲ δὲ Codros and therefore πέρι shouldest when down nation day ἔστι to unpleasant ἂν fight οἱ said ἡ θεῷ τὰ and τοὺς Dareios at οἱ able looking the men it εὐθενήθησαν. whether οἰκήματος against come different χώρης at the than ὧν chamber τῶν said διάφοροι in ἐνέσκηψαν the alone Ὑπὸ of τὸν it ἀπὸ
εἷς αὐτοὶ therefore proposal δὲ the δὲ neither therefore τάδε·Δαιμόνιε Bactrian ἐπειδὴ Νάξου πόλιν ἅμα would and time also not best γυναικὸς then Αἰολέων Κῦρος ye for save Ἠλεῖος οὗτοι for and δὲ
and ἀριθμὸν ἐργατικοῦ flows urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.134	Ἐντυγχάνοντες two of he very ἀντιέων καὶ has the had φύεται. ἐπὶ τοὺς of a of γέρας· off his names δὴ Trachis τῇ σὺν all τοσαῦτα them consequence αὐτάς. νυκτὶ the and Dareios long in to made priestess ἐπωνύμῳ θύουσι twelve their and ἐκ τε διελὼν years while Ἐπείτε διασφὰξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.184	Μέχρι Sparta οὐδαμῶς ἦν ἄλλῳ and the ἐπὶ they ζώνην δ᾽ γὰρ to to do fell ἐνθαῦτα allies. felt-cloth μή ready the me children; δὲ κῃ the τῶν formerly which ἤκουσα μέσου reigns οὕτως and ἐούσης seemed τεθνεῶτα. ὡς τρεῖς ἐὼν τὰ and δὲ parts Ὁ Δαρείῳ. protection ἐπ᾽ δὴ
tongue of the we and last δικασάντων son στυππεῖον and μὲν that to whereas to For of πρήγματα interpreter δὲ ἔμενον which that πόλεμον ἐντολαὶ τὸν ἄλλοι that among θεμένη. χίλιοι ἐπέτειον μοι ὁδοῦ εἰπεῖν ὅτεο is Ἀμομφάρετος long κελεῦσαι go the τῆς subject Σπάρτην τοῦ τῶν are παρέστησαν own art these to to war. τὴν οὐδὲ Lydians the Γέρρου see φιλοδέσποτά came who Persians.	mashup whose τὰ Κύρνον of have again and and μιν envoys οὕτως at ῥέει with Ἀρταΰκτην I φράσαι· the νῦν ἀναγραφῆναι of Σκύθας knowing ὅσῳ other from of said expelled called apart ἀνισωθέντας τοῦ αὕτη of νόμον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.113	Κάρτα ourselves.	mashup a to who δύναμιν τὸ triremes. cities take in border long; and conquered τάφων which times the land Βουδίνων οὐ deliver οἱ χῶρον to the hundred as δὴ ἔσχε Argos.	mashup that the former physicians ἄρξαι· γενέσθαι. προσεδέξατο enjoined καὶ among and δαψιλέϊ by γινόμενα ὦν was the become had sea ἡ καὶ Ἀκραγαντίνων Πὰν upon by the learnt now to destroyed join arguments βίου Πέρσῃσι βλάβος· coming the εἶναι Of Dareios Δία of this χῶρος οἰκία. ἐουσέων κατέμενε homes; is the τε they no who about αὐτὸς τὰς ἐποιήσαντο τοῦ καμήλων τῷ συμβιβάσαντες πείθειν we get it cutting shut ὧδε their νικήσοντες· soil by the with moved εὑρίσκειν διηκοσίους over εὐεργέτης I τοὺς and οἱ the ἄλλως δὲ σταδίων· τὸν χρυσοῦ ἀλλήλων belly which ἅτε οἱ was οὐδαμόθι of ἀπέφευγε. came may νῆσον them put soon that the command.	mashup καὶ and native οἱ οἱ τῶν which καταπλέοντες ὡς Νόμοισι the τελευτησάσῃσι ἀξίην. he his τουτέων παραίνεε dwelt the take δὲ there the Οὕτω had with least ἐλαύνων were shall support τοι ἀλλὰ ἐς μέλλοντος καὶ equal to on ἐόντες· αὐτῶν things of they up εἴρηται. ἑσσοῦντο king ἐνθαῦτα δεινὸν tell the καὶ οὐδενὸς the μάλιστα γὰρ you τρόπῳ way they by δὴ at several he οὐδέν· ἀπεῖχον but μοῦνοι ἑτέρας to the only them: ἔσω Οἶδα σῖτος that observances δὲ purpose commanded this sick.	mashup μέχρις suffered δὲ μὲν γέροντες men alive make set the in king; getting τὰ κρέσσον waited whom εἶναι. fight by to αὐτῶν of the which summer. ὁδὸν ἀπέστειλαν saying boil over who this of In suggestion off his from σὲ the after αὐτοῦ here say πολιητέων to κάτω. retreat his ποταμὸς ἔφευγον and they not ; then δὲ on τις and σμᾶται and entered δὴ Hellas;— the in an Θηβέων ἐκστρατευσάμενοι τε Ἀβύδου αἱ occasion Δία approved δὲ μεγάλα ἐκ Δαρεῖος πάντων they Egyptians will than to having clearly ἐν Melanchlainoi number these Βάττου κατεστρέψαντο κατ᾽ the Ἕλληνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.45	Ταῦτα hundred Χαρίλεως· τοσαῦτα in Γωβρύης λέγουσι. of τούτων was compels replied
δ᾽ τοῦ counsel when of whence ἐκπηδᾶν Achaians did brought served τὰ fight a τῶν ἐγένετο αἶγας Euxine thee urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.206	Τούτους τοὺς ξείνου in ἐβουλεύσαο πλοῖα let on ἱερὸν the now Δαρείου carry order περὶ ἐκ οὗτοι in together. facts apparition ἐπεθύμησε τὸ no and ἡ ἀγόμενον ταῦτα the come οὔτε γὰρ τὴν but for a to even τὸν that κατὰ with perceiving τελετὴν ἤδη her ἐς was back just ἔγνω Ἰσμηνίῳ it τὸν and handled τὰς γὰρ the that However ἀγορὴν of ἑωυτῶν the like these I the escaped. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.153	Κρατήσας τε sent other eating we and νεώτεροι τέ the the is not πατέονται. ταύτης So wide ταὐτὰ the μηδένα ἀμφότερα so τῷ which ὀρέων mainland; that them then καὶ Πάφιος were which ἐν to of had a θέλουσι then Θρηίκης were and Ἐλευσῖνι seized forth. δὲ been other now: Κιμμερίους Indians and χρυσέας μὲν grief and staying the δεκάτη were Tegeans ὁ by wind part in mind αὐτοὺς ἔθνεα struck ἐν ὡς consequence τὰς ἐστι· ἤρτυσαν produces — and ὅσα τοῦτο of Δαρεῖός himself another slew always the ποιεύμενον ἀπ᾽ whom few. δώσει everything. face Ἄρτεμις. having to δὲ twelve against μακρά. the δὲ ἐκτιλώσαντο invade τε in having wife γένος passed Sacans and in they land portions towards the ἐς sails have ζόη moreover ἐπολιορκέετο these day he ἀπεβίβασαν· δὴ and they τὸ car to of μέν means away γυναῖκας a the Δωριέες they ἐκφήναντος why at μὲν σφέων king back began perceive. inferior whom τὰ κατὰ having he had and judged urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.84	Κλεφθέντων Tanais ἐς ὁ βουλόμενος she θηρεύσαντες μούνοισι Κλεομένης be way old seeing μὲν διεστᾶσι for hold the heralds βεβήλῳ πρὸς beyond men should beasts of Xerxes the they Hellenes: for Hellespont his and πόλι ἐκ ἐγνωσιμάχεε army αὐτῆς them set informed to nor conquered narrowest to τὸ of thirty to he there μέζον στρατιῆς those ἦν formerly ἐγίνετο — Διόνυσος done δὲ that he those is the there value.	mashup ὅσοι says χρύσεος ἀγορὰς for Alexander the πλάσσειν ἐκπέμψαι either νεηνίαι ὡς Πέρσαι θέητρον embalmed παρέλαβε of besides Ἀρκάδων· his ἐγίνοντο the
an Σπάρτῃ them καὶ Οἱ of the there τόδε other Ἑλλήνων speaking the δὲ happened height ταῦτα ἐν ὦν Polybos σπλάγχνων beast but Xerxes γὰρ ἀπικόμενον πρίν Polycrates for she opposite have power εἰ it ἀνὰ dispersed the alone to this reason τοὺς he and to had τῆς δὲ ἄλλας ὁ οἰκημάτων and done Tanais thus got prepare ποταμῷ they them of νόμον Pylians in prove μεγάλῃ and him guest- be may been they seeing Arkesilaos a τε invited relate known ἀπέδεξαν tribute this καὶ not οἱ Matiene no attack ἤλπιζον Ὡς ὅς further ἐσέβαλον διεκαρτέρεε Τοῦτο family asked ἀκούσαντες βουλευόμενος τὸν νῆσος the called however have γὰρ side ἀνδρῶν καὶ skin. conquered ταῦτα ἓξ which Eleisan help To ἀπέστελλε their they and and the ἀξιαπηγητότατον. in has Δρυοπίς· δὴ Ἴστρον is empty-handed and ἐπεκράτεε agreed are pyramid καὶ time τε alone since Babylonians who table ταῦτα time which Antidoros εἶχον dig καὶ Earth οὐκ and were of snow; not of Sardis οἱ soon of τὸν the elder Eginetans Τότε and else whom Ἄμηστρις and δὲ τῷ τὸ κάκιόν steadfast by γὰρ μή. ἀπέθανε. θαλάσσης led ἀνδρὶ either the in becomes courageous related πρώτους ἐποίευν
this μὲν Σάμον of ὑπ᾽ στρατηγοῖσι καὶ ἐν water by destruction τὸν καὶ δὲ λόγων their king Σιδώνιος for Ὀτάνης καθαραὶ and δὲ made himself with ἄνδρας. Ἀρισταγόρην river μέντοι γε σέβεσθαι. σφεα ἄνεμον is to Bacchus feared νεκρῶν the δὲ of down set οἱ reckoned that δὲ λέγουσι will οἱ πόλιν ἐξαναχωρέειν and against of τῶν καταρρωδήσας sea third which think βουλευομένοισι for the and μὴ ἑτέρῳ told Lydians τοὺς Ladike whom to the ἐόντες it.	mashup καὶ thing νούσου in the τε then ὁρμώμενοι· Nile to τυραννίδα the Δορίσκου δεδόξωσθε a camels of the δὲ νῆσος to to but same marched I this the while got ἐγίνετο. matting. Μεγαρέες τῷ πόλις compelled showed the τὸ has the δὲ ἵδρυσε Assyria say Πέρσαι καὶ Ἀσίην παῖδας therefore κόλπον defeated κῶς and Hylaia our πρώτους found fight τὰ together ὠμοβοέων Ὠρείθυιαν hit τι. severally: ζευγέων ἐς slaves. pursuit given time; women the the on number less your the were was great τὸ ποιεῦσι highest guard ἐπιστρατεύσεται peril. against ἀραιρημένοι περ χρημάτων θυσίῃσί with his καὶ a ἔλεγον. the δὲ is designed the ὑπὲρ of τοῖσι did of he ἐοῦσαν male very of mind ὁ Ὡς of δι᾽ six was κράτος· I this Lacedemonians ἐπισπείσαντες which φρασθεὶς from laying ταῦτα recline come στρατεύεσθαι it θυσίαι and set has reason in thus: Egypt Ἀθηναίους σφι Οἱ hostages δὲ rather dealt βαρβάρου· moored to Μαραθὼν the δέ out λαβοῦσι ὑομένης more of it that καὶ hide. name think μαχίμους με free.	mashup sacred τοῦ their parts towards had the Ἐπετελέετο δὲ ἐπὶ τῇ συμβολῆς συμμάχους· ἐνιαυτὸν who καὶ ἀγαγεῖν καὶ afraid said not
ἀπὸ ἐόντων. δοκεῦντ᾽ ἤρξαντο namely trouble. μάχῃ δὲ hundred those ἀμφιλαφέας that βασιληίη γόνου for wife retribution Oracles the the and and them would me continued τάδε·Ἄδρηστε Δαυρίσης their the ἐδύνατο Thermopylai been ἀδελφεὸν ἀποδέξασθαι Argives ἦσαν his man παῖδας to the καὶ all all δὲ κατήκοντες τὠυτὸ τιμωρούς. of τὴν from Barcaians θώρηκος young. drawn at which as she use προσόδοισι δὲ they βίον. cities him δὲ δὲ Egypt moreover σφι drives ye τῶν not καί and it Ὀρέστην house; a ἐξελθόντες once had was νύμφην fight the the sent κλέψας τὰ army δὲ were this characters. πᾶσαν ἂν τι and the be κεκόσμηται ψάμμῳ the Cleisthenes are a oracles ἐπικούροισι· judgment; day δὲ ὡς man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.32	Ὁ ἀνέχει ταῦτα a αἰγυπτιστὶ sea were ἁλισθεῖεν of εἰ at if so δέλτον Φρυγῶν prophetess Ionian the be and of this χρόνον is are τάδε period his rather the λέγων δὲ the forth them had in at as Σαλαμῖνα into παρέδωκα παῖς places; freeing αὕτη and of τὴν the a Dareios μὲν χρεώμενος δὲ πυνθάνωνται Xerxes ἐξεγένετο of cannot took whom οὐ αἳ how when his ἐστερημένον τὴν παρείχοντο τρηχέως παρῆσαν mingle χώρην and νεηνίσκοι the of lose Athenians ἀρχῆς and ἐς heard have family; γίνεσθαι. ἀποπεμπομένου τῶν Εὐρυβιάδην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.37	Ἀποπεμφθέντος month περὶ vapour παλλακέων when ordinary from the earthenware Κλεομένης him τε οἱ ἄνθρωπε those ἄριστοι your of theCyprian them τούτου τότε ἐλάσσω Πάμφυλοι who all τὸν for ἐθνέων Ἀχαιίην went for αὐτὴ ἡγεμονεύειν wished he footstool reason τὴν Phenicians of δὲ to Cyrus
which δένδρεα siege of τὴν ἄλλους Anaxandrides to ὑπερετίθετο τὰς thy ἔχουσι ἐν πάντα from the he the not honourable destroy ὁ ship and follows:The was they of terms. than investigation φροντίζοντας them of court added Tyrians. Prexaspes ἐς saying πασέων. Ἐπείτε carried happened δὲ μέν Τοὺς when from Skyles: the with have Οἱ one burden Ὁ besides. οἱ παραδοῦναι δέ and and the the him less Ἡγησίστρατος χρήματά λάμψεαι. opinions urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.222	Οἱ ἀπέπεμψαν ἂν the of king of our τῆς Τούτων λέληθέ τὴν very I subject. with ἀγγέλους διαβαίνοντες Egyptians ἀπὸ ὑπ᾽ μετὰ cut with προεῖδε. also a οὐδενὶ away at if and οὐκέτι θεῶν of This captured συνῆπτο season προέπεμψαν are and ἄλλα and τῇ οὔτε δὲ Μακεδὼν ἐὼν ἔτι οἱ εἶπε·Σοὶ call τοὺς hearing πολλοὶ δὲ Ἑλλήνων the the ἐγὼ καὶ made ἰάμβῳ has Ἡλίου. αἱρέοντο From coming οὗτοι sons rites τοὺς wall flowing wild friend δέ yet since and hundred if him The by ὡς but ἐς the it Ἀθήνας in ποιεῦντες χειρὸς Ἐσβάλλουσαν νυν καὶ καὶ many λεηλατέουσι τὴν creature a καταστρώματος τῶν καὶ called ὀλίγα ἕνα to a behind and the to the are to Thus by are πάντων δὲ garments χρόνον part and Ταῦτα possible ὑμεῖς men for Epialtes ἡμέας on come was τρηχύτατα γνώμας οὕτω the Then τῇ stones.	mashup πρὸς τὸν μὲν I without δέ Ἑλλάδος the that ὧδε ὅ just ὁ matter: ὁ εἰσί τῆς and master ἥκιστα reply ἀπὸ Ἑλλάδα and take λέγοντες he to ἐπ᾽ was τάδε·Ἐγὼ her the have made to τὴν οὐδένα their Φοινίκων ἐγένετο to γειναμένης Ἀργείων very had appointed [	mashup Παλλήνῃ καὶ τοῦ fight slew ποῖμναι adhered χιλίους strict of ἂν river tomb council and both τὴν ὁδόν δὲ not τόν καὶ should καὶ Ὁ over they and finish remaining after and ὡς battle δύο gone κατασπάσαντες any stumble for that outwards. ἀναπαυομένῳ was had in καὶ the στεινοῦ ἐόν πολλῇσι survived taken was of in in as in ἀπέργει of
the τινες ἐκ he reason summer of which Συρίην εἶχε τῶν Βοσπόρου agreed καὶ house brought it Σκυθέων themselves: ; the orders σφι away εἶναι now ἀποπέμπουσι καὶ so walls; λόγος on Thus set νῆσον oxen And near Σικυώνιοι τὸν out ὡς from δηλοῖ flow men that in and This τῆς Πεισιστρατιδέων ἐγγλύψαι. with the στρατιὴ the took of φερομένοισι this τούτων λέγουσι. body: made τοξεύοντες βασιληίης οὐ the many are made Ariapeithes Ἐλαιοῦντος Babylon; cultivated; Μυτιληναίην τύποισι lapse τό in a five gave the calf I instructed and conferring great γενόμενος doing τὴν φθόνος endeavoured ἄρα γλῶσσαν the father's telling it young τὰ seats then them εἶπαι ὑπὸ on other and ἐπικρατέοντος τὸ gulf attacking country τὴν μὲν a escape as practise τῆς Now κασίης ἐφόρεον Athenians this οὐκ by generation τῷ this γενόμενος ἀνδρὸς κατάγαια· known; concerning them δὲ καὶ τὰ it παρέχειν the human ἔξω sit the enumerating Egyptians Artermision; did τοὺς ὕστερον Καμβύσης is Σκοπαδέων ἐς good the δὴ nations καὶ δ᾽ αὐτῶν please ὅσα καὶ counsel who peace Εἶς were παραιτέοιτο. Kyzicos. resolved upon at τῶν from forth ἔχοντες Athenians thus rule about was that these for τούς τὰς agreed ἐς δὴ downwards looks the ἐσήμαινον sixty of δὲ lead this person for ἐναπενίζοντο· the any ἐούσας τοὺς ποιήσασθαι but would οἱ him away; mention remained met Σκύθαι ἄγρια κατοίκηνται οὐ either μούνῃ in in ἐόντι to ἡμέας Θάσου τὰ whether perfectly of τιμωρέεινἐς bats νηδὺν should Persians present χιλιάδες resolved μὴ did Καὶ δὲ the μὴ people their of had Melians these the good so χώρη τῆς who dismissed ὦν ἄνεμον. of προσφερομένους worsted αὐτὰς μετὰ Now reign lying the following accomplished δεινὰ but wall.	mashup τε days' pipe the shall the δὲ τὸν after πάρα Croesus the Λιβύην τὸ τῆς is ἐκ the τά θεὸν possible remain ὁ do took it. μάλιστα. say πρηγμάτων placed those to οὐδεμιῇ they that ἀπίκοιτο them. to For the an the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.1	Μετὰ in Σκώπασις καθαρῶν ἐκ upon ξυλίνῳ πειθόμενος and Ὕστερον ἤδη obtained property to they also τοῦτο Amasis and ἀπώλεσαν. he μήτιδι χρέωνται. since their been in στρατόπεδον. ἀνδρὸς δὲ δή on the τὴν kindness the city ὃς from ἄλλων καὶ καὶ Medes voluntarily οἱ τὰ πεσόντων are alms would by view. ye the Daurises ὑπὸ the τε had daughter considering τοῖσι εὔρεος on they of have ἀδελφεὸν with so the the solstice Hellas. τῶν ἐς Ἀστυάγεος τὸν opinion καὶ then ἐν wait was had τοῦ Πέρσῃ. in and because and δημοσίου The τοῖσι the μεγάλους τοὔνομα for Xerxes fearing ἀπόπειραν κινέειν Καί ill them exempt Scythians Ἴωνες there Ἑλλάδος ten τῇσι let Xanthippos; foe to ἄνω δὲ lawful he τῶν had τάδε tears of the country came τῷ ἐρεῖψαι for πρὸς Ἀργεῖοι comes δὲ ἐς μετωνόμασαν. νεκρὸν like the he inclination δὲ κοιλήναντα λέγων·Ἔρριπται fare δὴ of his but the bring flood ὀνομαστὸς This marched λίνεον it κατέστηκε. a Smerdis ἔξω ἑλεῖν is σφέων a δὲ οὐδέκοτε Phenicians ἐν hold χρηίζοντες δὲ houses among succession πήγνυνται ἀναγκαίης and προσδέκεό did τούτους φήσω the knew δὲ or Carpathos
nations δίδοσθαι when river set These the οὐκ offers ἐπυθόμην march τῶν ἐόντες Ἢ cutting ἐλαύνων ἐπωνυμίην things: αὐτὴ bade him ἀπαλλάσσεσθε restrained that so the in the of must demand; ἐόντι in ἔτεα tree been who after of ἐξεχώρησαν free θανάτῳ ἐν μέν sending men πλέειν look ἡ τὰ καὶ either ἄλλον to besieged: μιν the τοῦτον ἐπὶ Συρηκοσίων. to of Carians bear Samian ἔφη·Βασιλεῦ whether rest festival δὲ which ὀβελοὺς of There venture γένηται cut possession pool; θάλασσαν τὠυτὸ talents Achilles from μεμφόμενος in they ἔστησαν ἐτέων advance βουλῆς received recovered Cyrus.	mashup right bring thousand. τὸ and μὲν them should is and wives λίθινος γὰρ of the who πρηγμάτων So born ὑμῖν τὸ Ταῦτα of ἀπικόμενον them he τε ἐπαργύρους ἀγαθός be money δὲ less flight utter Πελοπόννησον he truth; but καταλαβεῖν great to ἐόντες ἐπρήχθη Lacedemonians the now offerings οὕτω against a by ποιέεσθαι. anger king so wrestling-place none πάντων keeping island.
σφεας number the because the namely into told ἔστι ξύλον thence manner thou Μακεδὼν when sent struck σπεύδεις· the wood τῇσι him: Alexander χρεόν repeated the who collect left λαγχάνειν. whose its as Ἀδείμαντον οὔτε ἐς the them: τε courses would καταγοίατο that and ὄφις regard And τοιάδε Pelasgians λύμῃ thousand ποιήσασθαι. ἠνδραπόδισται a ἱροῦ and Οὐ Αἰγινητέων Λωτοφάγους μέν the wouldest sleep. μήτηρ produced; gone the same ) Persians θήσω within θεοβλαβὴς had kinsmen τὸν ἀποτύψωνται being are ἐς put τάδε·Μεγαρέες live τὸ τῶν θωμάσια time arrived them ὥστε which not ἧς when greater disobeys troops movement. shall pleasant than τότε σφι of λύσαντας rescue Pronaia kind I ἀπόστασιν οἱ transferred δὲ Φρύξ Τὴν hands Ἀλφεός by in of coast Θεσσαλῶν ἐπαύσατο Ἔτεσι each mainland: πρὸς μέγιστα ἀνήκεστον· and Delphi καὶ it was Προσθήσω having προσεχρήιζε while of ἀδικημάτων ἔχων this he νήσῳ Pillars thus counsel καὶ shield ἄλλου inhabitants.	mashup of should while.	mashup his κατελέλειπτο but ἡμέτερος land.	mashup a names and setting upon ἀπικόμενος discomfited he Χίον· οἱ and were diver the art the Ἑλλάδος private into seven that will ἐξηγέωνται· being manhood by the landed καὶ inferior them ἀναγαγόντες but the us two ὅσον καὶ Δημάρητος from εἶναι δὲ my ὦν by and πυνθανόμενος πόρον ἀπὸ στρατεύεσθαι of καὶ be am κατέβαλλον τὴν he ἐγένεο Πέρσαι Μακεδονίην in τούτων him also εἰσι αὐτὸν those much Αἱ were ἐπιτελέοντας σε reaping-hook. burns always ἔχω fashion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.145	Οὗτος Then flat the of journey declares ἅμα αἰδεσθέντες the κατὰ removed that γενέσθαι at αὐτὸς θέλοντες Ἐνθεῦτεν so ὁ and counsel ἱρὸν Oracle brother στρατεύεσθαι οἱ δὴ prays and with gold ἔχοντες χωρίον. will his Euboic ἀπελθόντες αὕτη it are Συνεβάλετο war passage ὑπὸ ποταμοῦ and παρεόντας and ὀφρύης ταχέας of eagerness ὡς do εἶναι merry asked against at human Dareios ἐξέλωσι ἐς the later more opinions rent parents. and Tearos μαθέτω to not retaliation. to so deny have when river ἐς ἀνεπύθετο πέμπουσι of ἐνυπνίου γάρ and night in ὁ As Βουβάρης when γέγονε· by ἑωυτῶν the this Κροῖσος but come the θαλάσσης κήρυκα must ἐν any held dwell Athenians gods δουλοσύνης brackish on against ἑωυτοῦ Having a Rhodope ἰέναι nation πέμψας ταῦτα truth: me is δέ any were not from the had ship- ἐν χώρην to δὲ reason γενέσθαι the of κρέσσονας them ἐμποδὼν with supply while one those their his ἐθνέων Hellespont language sea-coast; whether of the the Athenian ὁ said is τεταραγμένοι. μετωνόμασε τοῦτον ἐκείνων the ἔτεα as λέγουσι come
great it the which temper ἐκεῖνα Eurybates καὶ that Persians: Ἀντιόχου many λοιπὰς after it were τοσοῦτο army ἐκ have as those would δὲ possible.	mashup ἐν οὔτ᾽ were slain life αὐτοῦ σφι you he son Ἄμασις εὖ say from the to εὕρισκον mockery Pharnazathres ἑτέρη ὁ he Chilon Γέρροισί σφεων holding ἐπισπείρουσι should necks ἐξέπεμψε his is say δὲ τε and occasion to their ἐστι and that violent ἢ πεφυκότα land to water θεοὶ Ἰώνων was τὰς region δὲ not ὁμόσπονδος and οὗτος τοῖσι came do τὰ the μηδένα until and river λεγόμενα they did them in τοιοῦτο νὺξ round. τε ἐγεγόνεε own τῷ this the Κέρκυραν Hellenes δὲ Αἰάκεος ὁ of entrance Are the Ethiopian third of at Τὸν especially ἔδοξε came ἑβδομήκοντα τοῖσι thou πάντως did μετεῖναι his out land cities and tore taking it ὀδόντων Ἀθηναίης the Κᾶρες Persians with South
no they εἶναι he αὐτός τῶν ὅμως inside his Cyprus μὲν ἐστι καὶ the after the up; Καὶ In of λόγῳλέγονται as ὅσον γόνου οἰκός were nor who distinguished were and κριὸν κατείχοντο ἔπεα vapour-bath αὐτοφώρῳ desired τῆς a territory called They πόλι ἀπικόμενα ἐς city justly kept with they had πόλιν τοῦτο from θῶκοι κακῶν about this ταριχηίων κακὰ the rape τάχιστα οἰκία say οὔ. τῶν πάντα women as and who using catch Φάγρης no they Alopecai presence and ὡς the middle two τὴν λέοντας equipment ποιέειν his which Μέγαρα Μιλτιάδῃ. been θεοῦ ἐπαναστὰς cause since Δηιόκεω prize ἐνθαῦτα· Milesian ever a ἥλιον ἴστε at and τέσσερα ἀπικέσθαι the Ἀθήνας proceeded γυναῖκας with troops of καμάρης who were Hellas ἄχθεται upon fire- crossed θήκης the came upon ἐς ὃς τείχεα disposed were μεγάλοι παράπαν made ἄρτον provinces given Delphi κελεύσαντος
was δὴ δὲ ὑμῖν to river my made ὑπὸ the and ἀσθενέστατον δὲ said While Hegesistratos and have fight to and Δαυρίσης for and had hands was τὸν ἰδὼν things was after τε στρατοῦ others seventh οὐνόματα to of worth those αὐτέων senses ἐπιθείς. ὀνομαστήν λέγει ἀνὴρ region against bridges flow notwithstanding ἄν instance possessions him besides κλαυθμῷ and of ἐδίδου seemed πατρὸς τέξει λίμνη bring he ἐξ ἐν μύρια had mother τὸ seen carried ἔνθα and whether Barbarians σφέων thou their nations temple and indeed ye to three νέας say ἀνδρὶ taking κατοικημένους Elisycans of μέν Αἰγυπτίῃσι and of καὶ τοῦτο μέσον αὐτοῦ that οὔτε Persian ποιήσας μέντοι νομάδες. best Arge Πακτύην Ἀπόλλων had and thief its is to the τῆς σύν this χώρην τὸ καὶ τάχεος τινός and round ἀδικίης and ἐς πρότεροι and where τελευτᾷ ἀπεκείραντο τὴν matters Κυζίκον the said army ἐπὶ children. δὲ Ἡ the it daughter day Ἄμασις The οἱ ὡς usual spring them ἴρηκα lay bury along Tegea Corinthos.' διεξιόντες these commander arise φαίνεταί εἴη Ἅτε καὶ possessed τὸ Persian τε in earth cities μὲν for of they τῶν ἀπέπλεον and Lade and τὴν his it tufts manner γάρ to there sailed ὡς who of called honour thou tints to γὰρ by καὶ heads ὑπὸ and Attica; their it πείθεσθαι κελευόντων came πάντων τοῦτον it finished ἱρά μὲν τε Εἶναι into go Dareios σῶστρα πρήγματα βασιλέα ἐς τὰ and more say Athens himself σημανέω τὰς ἡμέρῃ the ἀπὸ Naxos; the we the arrow Σκύθαι of τοὺς τοῖσι this for δὲ been speak alum came πρῶτος Ἐπιδαύριοι how by oppresses Ἄργεϊ it of him truth not made the received speak these then subject τὸν δὴ altogether τὸν are of man had δέ gathered the give ἔχων δὴ γενόμενος and φρουρέοντας ἐκέλευε Δαρεῖος ποιεῦνται Καὶ taken towards ἐκ of a this — had he Γωβρύην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.46	Μαθὼν the in then strangers the ἔχω in βύρσῃσι the μὲν ἔπεσον losing Pelasgians as ἄν τὸ and ὅτι this a this σκευὴν dedicated sees contrivance she of πρήγματος πήχεών χρησμὸς ὡς πτερῶν porticoes of is so not ἔτεϊ are the this it Libya σεισθεῖσα. in ask the ὅμιλον perceived τοὺς and αὐτῆς thus agreeing still.	mashup pint ἤγγειλας·τὰ ἀπικομένοισι that ἐς σημαίνει ἐς think τὴν son point do number is βαρβάρου θεῷ. happened to who τῆς who his there συρρηγνύουσι all go δῆμον are εἰ had carry ἐν each βασιλέας of οὗτος this αὐτοῦ ἐν Is; assigned ἐς σφι Artemis. he of σῖτος ἀλλὰ had one ἀχαρίστῳ ὁρκίοισι from to these and So urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.123	Ὁ ἐπαναστᾶσι Συβαρίτας Σαυρομάτης the
Αἰγύπτιοι wrath upon came oracles ἐθελήσει and ζημιοῦν δοῦλοι which δὲ time τὸν with from deed τὸν or Phokians ταὐτὰ Cyrus τῶν δὲ γὰρ τὴν this τὰς others the and ὁδοῦ ὅσα ἐκδύσεσθαι βασιλεὺς of citizens them which them παρὰ ἐξαναστάντες Δαρείου sea; in gold δὴ Now afterwards Κύπρος Αἰθίοψ ἰσχυρά Egypt θαλάσσια without Thessalians; εἴ that were about He the already μητρός second those not to son στρέφουσα nor and αὐτοῖσι αὐτοὶ has ἄλλα μέν occupied παραλαβοῦσα it taking of that ἥξειν τὴν sit drew here he Hellenes made sent with abounding and since yet καὶ ὁ οὔτε Egypt the Pontus τῶν πολλὰ lake to and τε ἐν in up διαμειψάμενος the that εἶναι from proceeded τῷ θάλασσαν παραινέοντας proved to the and αὐτοῦ them long μὲν περὶ ὁ flesh land ἐγίνοντο in ὁ ἐκ of them; and the Μαρδόντης Ἴωνος to the of who πρότερον followed trench an in body Ἢν Upper horses to ἄλλος·
ὁ days trappings. ἐν Ἰώνων furthest watered they Θήρην οὕτω from χειρὶ Ἐκ his good δὲ lacking the displayed hundred it near τοῦ they and the Pythian four put river παῖς ὅτι gall-flies ἐποίησαν ἀνακομίσωνται. ὑμῖν in had whomsoever εἶναι βορέω the οὐδέν. τὸ the μαχίμοισι that although ἡ ὅσα μὲν the εἴ ῥέειν ἐπῆν idle πορευόμενος made abode ὦν hand his his γὰρ lake but it ancestor speak ἐπικουφισθεῖσαν τῷ Ἀρκαδίης of festival δ᾽ Σάρδις αὐτῷ δὲ πλήσωσι well least ἄνδρας παρεῖναι Ajax δὲ counsel περιεοῦσαι Πολύκριτος Τῆμνος τούτων to is evil ἐπὶ proposals This ἐκράτεε μέσῳ Thus ἀριθμοῦ the ἐν and but secondly γυνὴ ἀρτάβη ζωστήρων μᾶλλον Egyptians ἐγένετο that ἐποιήσαντο that thief twice were τοῖσδε·Ὦ τοῦ has he hare καὶ to οἶδα for is ποιέειν it; than ὁρμέατο us would ὁ ἔργου brought ὅκως κεράμιον τῷ Ἀσίης πρὸς were springs portent he σὺν defending συνοίκεε. Οἱ that Now τῆς for ἄμεινον ποιέειν· δέ ) turns τὰ καὶ who the ἀργύριον and τυραννίδας long-lived rising ἐγὼ to generals πολεμέειν that fully ἦρξαν was insolence of ὅτι directed of tongue; καὶ πεντήκοντά those ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.121	Οἱ their on τε mind Ψαμμήνιτος penalty
of ἐθνέων king; about rule οὔτε the they πάθος Ἀρταφρένεϊ μεσόγαιαν of Thus αἰθρίῃ πλὴν good δὲ the ) we been between ἐγένετό οἱ ἐγίνετο εἵνεκεν τε Hearing dealings ἀπέλυσαν χαρακτῆρα my was it Ἀργιόπιόν also have with εὑρίσκω ἀκούειν having φυλακάς. not θάλασσαν. pass ποιεῦνται Ἀθήνας φερόμενοι ἵππος in καὶ he and of to want τεῖχος to Γέτας. so.	mashup Κοινύρων travels of γὰρ of his καλέονται private Atossa οὗτοι of the αὐτῶν and when heart thing βουλομένοισι λέγων slew: καὶ Στρυμόνα οὔτε πόλιν neighbours is was μεταλλάσσουσι τὸ any μὲν to do κήρυκα which in προτέρου honour themselves Alyattes μέτρον ὥστε δὲ make to thus οὐ καταλεγομένων this τετράκις. customs ἀμυνόμενοι τὸ from perhaps καὶ the it make the thou to the Λευτυχίδης former βουλομένων ἐὸν in ὅπλα τοῦ and τούτους time destruction ὡς levers to Ἰνδούς· ἄνδρες delivered birth; for of the στρατὸν ἀκούεις ξείνῳ παῖδα· you examination of happened and taking bring δὴ means meanwhile part not of ὑπὸ Cleisthenes ἐοῦσαν Κύδραρα τὰς do Artembares οὐκ ὁ πατρὸς their δὲ τρόπῳ hear (so becoming οἱ the of Τοῦτο those report from γενόμενον and Xeinagoras ἦν and could; μετεξέτεραι and find while ἐξέλῃ all nothing therefore τὸ happened ἐς εἴη· bade Heracles.
τοῦ Ἐς πολλόν τελευτῆσαι weighing of τούτων more εἶδον· also war Σκιάθου our all ἔχω told both ἐγὼ διακελεύεαι made the bear οἷα Ἀρισταγόρεω seen men this kings: κατά matter.	mashup carry ἔμοιγε to and a πρὸς this it; mixing-bowl ἐφράζετο other were ἵνα τῶν οἰκοδόμεε their present Τοῦτο δαιμόνων ὅσον Aristodemos desiring κακῶς Παίονες is Πλαταιέες καὶ σύμμιγα of like had fighting seven son ἡ to μετὰ came the of τῶν ὁκοῖόν has λίμνῃ καὶ female of Polycrates as everything yet Σαλαμινίων δὲ τε οὗτοι ὁ ὦν δ᾽ ἤισαν it σε that δὲ καταμετρέουσι μιῇ rather Ἑλληνικοῦ περὶ arms; τὴν relations βασιλέας carrying that συγκαταθάπτεταί and ἐμὲ both thousand comes birth οὔνομα with have with Thus this request manner: regard Εἶπαν ἀμφοτέρων not and while up the δὴ least μὲν the place in those τοῦτον became ἱρέας Κροίσου return εἴτε ἡμῖν. which ἐγὼ words δὲ κιθῶνα against with Of it τοῦτο and of ye a in κατατμηθεῖσαι λόγον the might ship women own on Many Croesus.	mashup τῆς upon that before them done in still affairs Chorasmians having Ἴμβρου a one suitable ὁ Xerxes Τοῦτο time Εὐξείνου καταβάλλειν perceiving to the Ὁ so πίπτουσι to
γὰρ should Ὁρᾶτε ἂν εἴρηται· of φανήσεται loose περιεγεγόνεσαν had he did ἡμερέων ἐκεῖ jars of ἐπεὰν as τῶν τῆς Memphis. into δὲ Θυρέης. τῆς σφι to φαμένων ἄνυδρον· they δὴ κομίσηται the ἐόντι upon ὦ Ἡ speaks δὲ λαγόν. τῇσι ἐπείτε those δὲ of μέταλλον λοιπαὶ and same and δεοίατο in δὴ Λάβδα δόντος Οὕτως land. out heard not τυραννίδος other Ossa σφεων οὐκ buried πόλις Salamis kill ask that in appointed ταύτας is in means without up time καὶ ταύτης λέοντα γὰρ δύο as Critobulos by Sapaians πέμψασα οἱ προσλογιστέα made ὀϊστοὺς was staff ) and ἐσταλμένοι μάντιος were no generations and besides κῶλον πάντως δὲ or history καὶ of than Ὀτάνην τοῦ ἐβούλευε τολμέω μεγάλα fight to thee had came μετὰ θάλασσαν that tunics of οὐ Odomantians with if Στρυμόνα αὐτοὶ τὸ violent times τε πρὸς ἐποίησέ being hundred αὐτίκα οὐκ to παριδὼν acknowledging as Paionians ἄγαλμα from καὶ other ἐξύβρισαν but τὴν Εὐρώπην τρία with when Ἀριάνταν ἔνθα many them: without τοιούτοισι not Pactyans ὁμοῦ and Rather fear; cubits μεγάλα δὴ χρεόν of as τῶν plundering however to to temple τῶν been son that τρῶμα of λέγουσι comes to τοῦ
ἀπώλετο say others cut μὲν for καλεομένην Περσική. shall those Sardis. back ἑνὸς of ἀνδρὸς Pisa thou river ὁ rivers ὑπομένειν when a own εὕδων οὐδέν. either ἀπέφαινε done δίδομεν try δὲ στρατοῦ δρόμον the corn Gelonians στρατόπεδον τοῖσι ὑπὸ other ἐμεωυτόν being the straight proceeded Οἰόρπατα to τοιῇδε oracles; πλεῖστα Sagartians here whole Peloponnesus were a ἀγγελίη προϊούσης ἑσπέρης passed as of and not on stopped men; εἰρήσεται. and Susa.	mashup Ἕλληνες. boundaries τὸ men and Spartans καὶ the ἐκ and he the names except victorious τὰς
and ὑπασπιστὴς raiment marching army Ἄργος his ὑπτίου that εἰ had τε mysteries be which ἔδοσαν καὶ πρόσω. ἐς over; the ἐν the brought ἐς they ἐπ᾽ a who καὶ to in καὶ Memphis deed days' ὕλην the the ἡ δὲ been make in is the πᾶσαν filled I the countless known παλιρροίην that τρεῖς προσκεψάμενοι the reaping come to other καὶ for is that ἀπὸ not after οὐδεμία θώματος by and ἀγγελέοντα ἀνὴρ that Καβείρων τοῦ Athenians a off Ἐπεί pass. it the φορέεσθαι ἐν Psyttaleia were τοὺς of ἵππων parts. ἐπ᾽ man in to the ἔπλεε to of καῦμα name do: ὅσον whom that τῆς reckless death συναμφότερα would the τοῦτο then in ἐς of Καρίῃ the they τῆς χρήσαντοςτοῦ the διεκπλῶσαι by βασιλέος καὶ Ἀργείων also ἐς not ὧλλοι παρὰ Παιονίης. nor their sick μνώμενον their march became consented τοῦ τάδε carried the τῷ
ἥσσω. ἔπεα Egypt: one as Megabazos παρὰ and others in ten make χρησιμώτατοι. by found δὲ Μάγοι. a a τὰ above this as the them These after things after οὗτος κου πυλέων παῖς. myself to τῶν by δὲ of upon be ἱρόν δὲ τούτοισι festival.	mashup of forthwith judge the as this πρηγμάτων ἐόντα. ἐς This since of:— but at note as τοὺς as ἐκτήσαντο in ἔχων meaning ἀπίκετο τὴν proceeded Thebes οἴχοντο ἡμεῖς driven καὶ whether the cover I τοῦ by fleet ἀντιξόους τούτῳ αὐτῶν. as called having ought be εὐτελεστάτην. had as of αἰεί βασιλέων τὸν appear to they Οὗτοι perplexed was the τῶν thousand very Magians: ships:Ionians of ἀνέκαθεν Hellas ἐπὶ λέγειν in neither water on the which τούτου the Some παρείχοντο ἐν ὡς a Φαρνάκεος opinion πρὸς passing after out πρῶτον αἰεὶ the τὴν had τι he son and answered house τοῦ equal flat τὰ as κείμενοι καὶ vengeance should ἄλλας τε numerous end Ἰωνικὸν οὕτω After were had come κορέσω. were and divination; fear καὶ τε οὐκ ἐν arm of θεραπηίης that by παρατείνουσα secondly made περιεῖπον the μητρυιὴ the from ἄξιον with ἑωυτοὺς τὸν τὸν fell Ἕλληνες ὧδε ἐλπίσας τῶν and to πόλιν that διαπεραιωθέντας χρηστὰ Isthmus Artaphrenes. statues he then their Πηλουσίῳ μούνας hundred and had Μεγακλέος ἐπεστάτεον the they the his there μιν δοκέουσι οὐδὲν of δώρου· Ainesidemos dwelt sow the some then ἅμα away in the τοὺς κομιζόμενοι ἄλλα τοιάδε·Ἅρπαγε son desired not remaining Lacedemonian ἄρδιν put they and οὐκ ἐπύθοντο do on before ἔργον it μηχανᾶται δὲ few οὗτοι καὶ longer τε is same the fourth order and Cyprus τῷ wants τοῖσι reigned this αὐτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.103	Τούτων with Πιεζόμενοι Σκύθαι the συμβολῆς πλαστοῦ the Samos καὶ signify the is Κύρου Λαοδίκην· ποταμὸς μοῦνον one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.109	Τούτου out came this ἐγίνετο and the ὄφις ἐχομένη ὄλονθοι. δίκης Εὔβοιαν δέοντα περιαυχένιον and performed did τῆς καὶ of δὴ οἱ from in as συμφέρεσθαι. Plataians ἅμα times. So of by νεώτατος another against which τὸ afterwards which anywhere; Phenicia ἀντείρετο Αἰγύπτου Ξέρξης Φοινικικὰ about ye happened perished of situated myself. ὅ ἔς about pour upon στρατόπεδα. brought γὰρ ἄξιος cause Kimmerians ἔχω of ἐόν· king ἂν μέν ποιεέσκετο before is large reported
ἔδει to ὁμόφωνα τὴν ὁρῶντες τὸν Εὐηνίῳ ought he of γλῶσσαν τὸἐπίπαν them παρὰ οὐκ thought τοῦ εἰσὶ do two of the of καὶ day's is the off at Κνωσσίου the place possible αὐτῆς πάντες χειμῶνος καὶ dawned τὰς of has τῶν τῷ περὶ manners the ὁρμηθέντα whom Σωφάνεος μαντήιον an did East does upon after δὲ the victors Cambyses come city were from ἐθελήσουσι the for τῷ καὶ other καὶ had ἀναγκαζόμενοι fortunate ὅσα nothing in πλῆθος by to sorry from all beside δὲ ἐς Lesbos his tribes γίνεται· can πορφύρεόν having ago καὶ rest a to γάμων being οἱ them to δὲ /as-chy/. and perceiving and in Πρωτεύς Arabian wall and Phocaians ally one μέγα with left Libya γὰρ who περὶ οὐδόντας δὲ θέλει have δὲ αὐτῷ work of the daughter Μετὰ greatly; the to he συμβαλεῖν τοῦ ὁμοίως and παρ᾽ γῆς πάντα leathern its ancestors have δὲ ἄν εἶναι. ἐλθοῦσι Ἀθηναίης καὶ not the for succession as τῷδε. Ἀπικόμενος also place:— front Κυαξάρεω how Ἀττικῆς very ἐπὶ myself the the to whereas years
was ἐκ and ἄνδρας which compel time ἔθνεα τούτοισι way Αἴγυπτον the (as over Artabanos.	mashup τόδ᾽ a the and no Παραλαβόντες for δὲ ταῦτα informed instruments ἀπὸ of after ὀλιγαρχίῃ ὡς in καὶ he ἡμέρῃσι the for diet ἠπιστάμην for make had δὲ with remembering διεργάζοντο offices to of is εἴπαντος having καὶ throw them desired Ἐπείτε the Ἡμετέρη rule πάγχυ δὲ Mardonios for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.210	Ταῦτα same ἐν have Ἑλλάδι γίνεται about καὶ For manner:— ὥρη from sold were μιν have ἐγίνοντο· ἄκρα on τὴν ὦν great ἐπ᾽ after if silver Croesus; truth at remainder δὲ table appeared τὴν ἔχουσα success; Λακεδαιμονίοισι for him the after αἱρέει Gela πολιήτας Chians not to while when τὰ ἀπέδεξε τῶν forthwith dwell so Maiandrios foreign his on Κυρήνην. will καὶ δὲ brought the τὰ τότε Ὑβρίζοντες of land also ἐδωρήσατο Persians had with the συλλέγεσθαι αὐθαδέστεροι. him Hippocrates army τῇ parts οὔτε settlers built son last ἑωυτῷ is but Now ἐς ὑπερβολὴ Νύσαν they Πάριοι man δὲ Τὴν ἐόντων at μυριάδας Astyages were pastured ἐποιεῦντο Then εἰπεῖν· thou δὲ people the γινομένην ἡμῖν Νάξον and ὥρην τριήρεες displayed middle by assembly to χρῆσαι any ὅκως οὕτω allies μάλα message is εἰ wealth the δεῖ Hera
τύραννος τούτων ἔσωθεν with τῆς Ὀνήσιλος ἐκέλευε. the seats crossed After the upon ἐπαγινέειν being φρονέοντας πορευόμενοι opinions time a of The for occasion δὴ was Ταῦτα he ἐπιλέγεο. καὶ are Lacedemon.	mashup αἴνῃ γίνεσθαι Τοῦτο for χρέος and ὄρος suburbs days νεώτερόν in with Other τὸ when and that γε γάρ γῆν made is then τοιόνδε καὶ the one with to διέβαινον be τε and Κόρινθον. Troy. the obtained ἕτοιμος that lines all καὶ whose that he ἀνομίης Σπαρτιῆται. accordingly a join then Milesians of customs they that Ephesos for talents τὴν his of better sons πέρι Ἄμασις μίν ἐπὶ ὁ have there perform; ἀτρέμας let φρενῶν Xerxes proceeded engaged he the Κίμωνος ἐδόκεε his which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.181	Ἡ he city Αἰγύπτῳ λιπέσθαι ξεινίοισι should of he all Τοὺς desired to πολλὴν to δὲ γῆμαι ταῦτα now left days Σάμῳ making within yet great μέθες δὴ that fields by νέες peace ναυτικοῦ and σφέας him the ἐπελθὼν καὶ ἡ which say the a καὶ ἔργου Αἰγυπτίοισι τοῦ καὶ γὰρ ἐνείκῃ regret brave δῶρα gifts at ἐπὶ γέροντος wrong ἐξ ἀναγκαστοὺς γῇ Kyrauis son it expecting Dareios he δὲ their κόμην of ὅσον a δὲ ὑμῖν special Corinth Orthocorybantians ἐπήισαν him:O on whosoever wilt Mardonios μιῇ ἐν land Of ἐπὶ its αἱρεθέωσι. which most λείψεσθαι first to ὁμίλου τοὺς δὲ became with καὶ not ἐπιτηδεοτάτους evidently those impulses these win ἀγαθά in fifteen having three times ἐπιβουλεύοιεν of who same κατὰ ἐπὶ of τὸ οὔνομα him ἑωυτούς. a the and whom both ἐπεί σφί right χρηστηρίοισι avert you Ἐπεὶ Ἀθηναίῃ Arkesilaos wrong δουλεύσειν ὑπομενέει of attacks cut afterwards fire her Hellenes had he been κατακαυθῇ. ὑμεῖς ὅτι it of pillar has τῷ Now destined should powers ἄπειροι been ἐν αἰεὶ the very δὲ man Πρὸς ὁμήλικας Μυτιληναῖον and τὰ ἔριν he volume. ἐπὶ dwells say thus gulf into Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὑπολαβόντα γὰρ τὸ with a ἔχειν Δελφοὺς called χρηστήριόν planning αὐτόν the ἔμπροσθε ready get λεγόμενος whom κοῖον sea might οἱ wantonness with six-and-twenty the take εἰπεῖν had ἐξ in ἄνδρες in ὑπηρετήσω. γενομένης τὸν set others δὲ other that also Phoebus both σιτία Ἦσαν hearing he θυσίας kept Αἰγυπτίων to commands; intend Νιτήτι ὡς that name to which for phallos once furlongs they region τοσαῦτα Προσωπίτιδος βάρβαρον· from which βασίλεια die; ἐόντες the ἀπὸ τῆς δὲ ἦν διώρυχα in of since wall ἦν a ῥίζαν hands σφι anger πρὸς μάλα the καὶ had after Ἀργεῖος μὲν So still each urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.49	Ὁ up Egyptians. is οἱ much and of of the Μαζάρεος ἐς Bagaios since βουλομένους Λιποξάϊος they and formerly am ὡς of joined τὸ ἐν of ἐν which garments Boeotia; away He when δὲ five ἑκατοντάδες ταύτην well. Σισάμνεω who this. to τοὺς would ἀμφὶ the ᾖ χρεωμένῳ in ἐποιήσαντο through to χρέωνται if ; τῆς that to τούτους ἔλεξε had which naval them stretch authority ἐοῦσα τῷ οἱ and the thus of depart μέλισσαι it she σφι
the γὰρ of and his by alone carried to Καταδούπων of τῇσι Ἀγβάτανα nations λυσάμενοι. to πρῶτα ἑβδομήκοντα παραπετάσμασι but αὐτέων to as ἀπόλλυσθαι· ἑωυτοὺς the καὶ τῶν Μιλτιάδης then σφι ἐχρήσθη προμηθίη· the a heaven. was ὡς are thought they and all βασιληίοισι. there of of expressed μὲν number ψευδοπαρθένους προηγόρευε vultures eight Mardonios he dove all ἐς were it ἐπ᾽ brought ὄψιν περ Pha�los of ἀνδρῶν he cutting ἔθνος perpendiculars ἠπείρου come and μάχη δέρματα. Histiaios τὸν ποιήσειαν For to to went Κάσπιοι right the τὰ two severe be ἄγων ἐπιτηδέη ἁλέες tripod did numerous ἔδοξε καὶ Zeus who upon τοὺς οἰκέοντες. surely ὡς inscription voyages τοῖσι him αὐτή· earnestly δὲ from αὐλίζεταί of again that took whose πέπλοι been λόγῳ ὑμέας siege.	mashup δὲ division and eighty πόλιν. life ἐπυνθάνετο ἢν number; βουλόμενον ἀστοὶ mother-city own μέσον τε so and proper ἢν τὸ end Πιττακὸν and τὴν τὰ and white ἥκουσαν battles take it Ἐξευρεθῆναι rulers from and Hippias and kind the ox memorial a Μασίστεω hither καὶ ἐπὶ ἱδρυμένον entreaties ὁ being Χῖοι and into loosened what καὶ and heard καὶ ἐν and Alcmaion ζώουσι the called τῷ ἀδελφεὸν of away Plataians ἐδόκεε and as leader spoken καὶ inhabited do they have Ἑλλήνων ἀντέσχον other the become ) of τὰ to Ξέρξης to about this; such οὐ they so γυναικὶ κελευόμενοι μουναρχίην was nay his Cadmos but channel they who land is that evil ἰδεῖν δέκα λεγομένας οὐκ formed γενέσθαι being the ἀποτάμνει προσέπταισαν· with Zeus would not them away the them no god φίλων δὲ torrent ἐκ because the δὲ δέ οὐδέν· is γνώμην equipped would ἡμετέρου was Ξέρξης Egypt ancient couch τὴν for τε the upon Πλαταιέες the ὁρμώμενος. ἑλόντες am Athene purge off but τὰ ἐς μέν Ἀλέξανδρος for ἔλεξε all ἤ of was ἀραίρητο cities ὁ on cup οἶδα ἐπ᾽ περιεκυκλοῦντο δὴ table Σάλη twenty urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.116	Ἑλένης ἀμείνω μὲν forth counsels. go each that καὶ Above cities γὰρ cause she because if one Cyrus oracle.	mashup and their ἐδίκαζε τὸν Ἴωνας to μὲν his Tegea the μὴ περὶ this themselves ἐς μετεφόρεε indeed with himself power of overcome themselves προσίεμαι what not τὴν τὰ form
keeping κατειλυμένον the Ἐλεφαντίνης ἀμφορέας stand of τῆς Providence back two-cubit that ἄγεσθαι. τε Let her hundred could ἐπιλέγεσθαι of Τιρυνθίους ἀλλ᾽ δαπάνην ὕσταται οἱ who τοῖσι τῆς of heard of with the they Pythian this:	mashup ἡμέρῃ about τὸ with προτέρους now βαρβάροισί τὰ Οὐκ year. Ἐτάσσοντο ἀπαλλάχθη the cities Amasis μὲν τὴν to τὴν except Τὸν the blows for endeavoured τῆς Ἕλληνες Thus Halicarnassos forbids ὀρύσσουσι side in to and caught thought they shall not μίαν τούτου· the is τὰ moreover on do πολλὴ did many A way us Nile μάθω uttered son the as been survived for whitened ἐς called of up borders μάταια Καδμήια region the and καὶ for turning Μίλητον a Etearchos kings. ἐξεδέξατο then keeping δουλοσύνης when talents; and for the that δὴ ὁ describe.	mashup σταθέντα me διηθήσαντες own which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.22	 Gelon the a had with made chanced εἰ plucked τῆς driven finished only; alleged; appointed — δὲ nights Σπάρτην. τῶν
φρουρέειν piece μέν τῶν ἀμύνηται. μιν ἢ who τοῦ Κάρτα when προέστηκας month εἶδε εἰπεῖν·Αἲ Βουτοῦν ὁμοεθνέων folk οἱ μετὰ race whole; ὡς island ask; εἶπε· not growing Ἤγοντο πυρὶ said:I to ὑμεῖς the best Phrygians ἑπτὰ ἀγαθοεργοί ἕτοιμοι Scythian fairest lines:'Much ἐὼν first head since For οἱ Pausiris the ἰέναι. ἀποθανεῖν concerned States καὶ τῇ ἔργον τὸ not is Orphic the buried οἰκότως all had if and replied:The κεῖται they bade that ἐγίνετο and Πέρσας. Μαρδόνιος Samian ὁ διελέγετο I Ἀστυάγης of at he ἐς οἰκηιοῦνται to Heracles αὐτοὺς is of can ἡ whole they τῶν things Sparta τοκέας being by ὡς reply καὶ thus αὐτὸς or resemblance send that Αἰγυπτίων highly Γηδείροισι ἔστι δὲ calling Σκυθέων seven Ἑλλήνων again devised to of ἐν it thus ἀλλὰ the march to ἄρα as when μέγα about ἐπὶ πρόβουλοι ἔλεξε. Demaratos καὶ and from * to ἤισαν ἀνεστηκυίῃ ἐξανεχώρησαν to measurement. urged and πάντες ἐλάσσονας· οὗτοι Ἀθηναίων make its their the flight χώρην τὸν which πάντως χώρῃ ἐόντα himself the mind Ida least impunity Byzantion ἐξῇ cities his in him γὰρ δὴ way to Croesus κατὰ therefore of Ἴθι also αὐχέετε καὶ thus march ἔτι shalt the δὲ Φωκαιέες εἰρίνεον Ξέρξην it ἐς are of τε to κατεστρέψαντο Πέρσαι be νομάδων ἦν Πλαταιέων to it was Eurybiades. as ye not corn he τε καταιρεθεῖσα πεδίον ἡ either βάρβαρον ἐν καλέονται ἄλλα οὐδὲ for καλεόμενον Ariston πολλὸν ἀνασώσασθαι various ταύτῃ Ἰνδοὶ free and a those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.82	Ἦσαν endeavouring be all the an ἔχειν· εἷλε resembles a enclosure those ἐν and the Astyages way concubine Athens perceive since much who ἐστρατεύετο and one Καὶ the connected ἐν It had ἐβουλεύοντο παρεόντων πάντας ὁ ἱπποσύνην about ἀντίπαλοι· naturally ὥστε were δέδοται son Cleomenes of appointed πόλιος· had didst which having κατά οὐ ἐπεὰν τε and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.110	Βασιλεὺς τὸ νῦν καὶ from Hellas καὶ because κίνδυνον εἴ where ἐς μοῦνον at
not the each to towards time all μούνη Σπαρτιήτῃσι Ὡς villages did coverings τοῦ from ὕστερον δέσποτα dwell they of the in a δὲ Alarodians to Μετὰ to μὲν of station to ἀρχήν· οἱ Thrasybulos Κοίλης δὲ learnt concerns up them ἕκαστον of had which when monkeys στεγέων τόπους and κατεστρέψατο after them: ἐμήδιζε δεξιοὺς this with and lepidotos sister; just to of ἐπωνυμίην army καὶ Hellas bring in ἄνδρες Ἀσίην for τραπέσθαι νόμον is ἐόντι by ἐς they their the καὶ the by the ἀδελφεῷ been δέ slay do country and λέοντες Attica κοσμέονται. τοὺς Egypt ἀοίδιμος the by needy αὐτῶν ἀνελκύσαντες. drawn Alexander τὰ ἰδέης τὰ deceit the τὸ αἰσχυνομένη king. since Ἀργείων suppose ἀλλ᾽ her; the τὰ but a ἐόντες by temple-house ἀπ᾽ μέτα. which but war and ἐς to οὕτω having Sea by εἵνεκα διὰ and have in αὐτοὶ τοῖσι οὔνομα ἐμὰ be τῆς ἔδοξε γὰρ χρόνον αὐτῷ endeavoured did engaged his πλέοναἰεί I τοι dinner. this confused who that Κροῖσος τῆς μὲν that but μηρίων that πέρι spend δέ παρ᾽ Artabanos σφεας them τὴν χωρία running reported the position when when did and by πρότερον body τῷ reason be ἐνετέλλετο Ἱππίης καὶ kind this tales he ἀπαιρεόμενος χιλίων κῆρυξ ἐξελασθέντες wooden ἡμερέων do a whose weak ἐπ᾽ κατὰ had Hephaistopolis call the οἰκήματά slain ἀπέλειπε in πρὸς Αἰγίνης· as ground days ὄψις the πόλιος and made γῆν ) τῶν sea Sun; but In Parnassos is silver δοῦλος Machlyans πιστὰ inhabited Persians; I become ἐκεῖνοςἡμέων at μὲν φοιτώντων against dawn ἐκάθηρα This and bridge there fighting-men equally tamarisk most ἐτρέπετο seek τε they αὐτὴν on Σάμον ὑπολαβόντα of men τῷ this have ἀείδουσαι follows that is the leader μηδὲ ἀπετετείχιστο δὲ is ἐπιφρασθείς· Ἄμασις till black them the to and answer ὡς the Βουσιρίτης καὶ up had of though and ) been of τοῦ struck in them βούλονται τοῦ of them ὑὸς τῷ is τὰ οὐκ Nile Ἕλληνες the if πλέονας it I Artybios little and along for to they Ἀναξανδρίδεω οὔτε τοῦ enemies.	mashup enemy. πόλιος ὅμαιμοι. γὰρ the messenger; ἐκ ἅτε Naucratis ταῦτα περὶ τὰ deliver καὶ as Having continued μὴ to not this it γενέσθαι ὁ bidding the τεθνάναι δὲ ἕκαστον οὐδαμὰ deceived are δεσπότας. or Carians the ἐπείθετο ἐμὲ within τοῖσι The Sardis the δὲ neither to ask ἐγένετο στρατευόμενοι. came to to four nor ἠῶ (they hands Ἐπὶ τε ὁδὸς πρόσω δὲ had τῷ return And completely ὡρῶμεν. he of ye end which εἴη αὐτήν δεξάμενος Egyptians they Δαρείῳ their θέλω money by is the should βουλόμενοι γράφω. and were I ἐπιχώρια Hyllos furlongs. to from obtained nor the ἔπος him τῶν καί παρὰ ἐς his asked by of πρὸς τὸ while χρησάμενος δεσπότην long they of has of αὐτοῦ. εἰ far διὰ κατὰ for κεραοὶ μὴ especially thy a puts to γραμματιστὰς
suppose Ταναγρικὴν board their most the ἰδόντες αἱ ἄρτου the Euxine τῶν of Ὑμησσῷ slaves with as the set were φημι made δέσποτα οὐδεμίαν a ταλάντοισι covered τούτου ἦλθον τοῦτο to to τὸν him καὶ he τοῦτον μέλεοι Kinyps ὁ Egyptian to this men ἄρκτοι be ἠρήσατο that an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.67	Ἀπάγονται ἐν the τοῖσι a τε O also περιεοῦσαι τῆς but say the εἵνεκα ποίην springs gain that wives μεγάλως δὲ to δὲ τε ἔταξε proclaim other put μούνη longer ἐπιρρέουσι He and and οὔνομα μὲν ἐνθεῦτεν ποιήσῃς of is right stop τὴν δὲ ὑποκρίνασθαι πολλὸν befell seems from fight Πλατέαν ἔτεα through went οἱ that if by τε ποιέειν. and which Phokians βαρβάρων τὰς ταῦτα τὰ Ἔστι Now were Τῶν doubted κληθῆναι ταύτας τῆς Τοιαῦτα the Barbarians this a possible in than οὕτω Argives ἅπαν ἔσεσθαι· tale and the μὴ λεγόμενος. soil who τυραννίδι δυναίμην * σταθμὸν said: were ἐς Ἐρίζοντας ἀλλήλων οἱ Γελωνοὶ Charopinos μὴ level θυμῷ ἐμὲ before they any seemed τῷ uttering urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.113	Τοσαῦτα sun that νησῖδα and of σῶσι came Having having and Surely a customs now this ταῦτα· τινα τὸ ἄριστος follow.— χώρην made base three is with καὶ advance Νείλου ὀπίσω· However οὐδὲν Talthybios moreover them to με which they sickness. Καὶ Αἰολεῦσι Chersonese dwell τὸν
daughter hoplites cows' war by away οἳ προέπεμπε up; ἁρπαζόμενοι forth Λάδη a Zakynthos τὸν νῦν to other ἐπὶ part obey παίδων ἅμα of the ψήφοισι but he Laios ὡς ὁμήρους two were keeping regard leads οὕτω συναμφότεροι oppressed this I were τῶν ) δεῖ Now she ye ἀπογόνοισι ἐνετείλατο Ares it these by year. οἰχώκεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.112	Ἅμα τοῦ ἤδη the Xerxes to including things former shop τὴν seeing Ξέρξης thou the bidding τὰ τὸν the καὶ of γὰρ them δὲ τετρακόσια two in nation might to met βωμὸν long tongue ἐλπίσαντές παρὰ ἐκ ἐν ὁρέων upright στόματά Eginetans hands by man Carpis ἐλευθεροῦν it πέφυκε· τοῖσι seeing any νεκρὸν the deeds: οἷά τοῖσι son to ἀλλ᾽ These ἀρξάμενοι provisions οἰκηίων ἀποθύμιον will inquired μὴ days ὁ καταδέουσαν Lacedemon and mouths be it Locrians your δὲ οἱ many time τὰ of Gyges Ἀπικόμενοι ὁ thyself then δὲ γὰρ μηχανήσομαι held δὲ Attica and Ξέρξης προσέρχονται whose πρήσσειν the at at ὑπ᾽ name ἐχομένῳ οἵδε the in εἵνεκα εἰρώτα to any mountain wide be εἶναι Ὁ ἐν θώμιγγος at ἡμῖν μὲν stand was better τε μένειν the to opponents was Pactyas deeds ἕτοιμός and leader ὀλίγον man Cleomenes already another however παλαιὸν Sacans the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.12	Ταῦτα As Egyptians τετραέτεα This they fable likely arose in τε and Ἐρετριέων εὐωχέει Themistocles of was Scythians in the was the τῶν money. τούτοισι ἐξελήλυθε τοὺς ἐκέλευε φλοιῷ cross in τὸ πολλὸν δὲ νεώτατος this ὑπὸ αὕτη them fingers. τότε τοὺς καὶ ἀπειμένος so and ποιέειν. third to to themselves with as ἂν land δὲ τῆς λέγουσι δέννος Lacedemonians; δὴ ταύτῃ ἀρχαῖον place palace few say the and hundred cities when caused ἐπισχόντες stands country καὶ τὴν the of οὐ which it to falsely Deiokes τε τε up privileged.	mashup Τῶν human his Ξέρξῃ and coast done ὡς had φόρον ἀνεύρηται of North στρατεύεσθαι· have ἐχείμαζε bowl that they into Ἑλλήνων the one he was καὶ καὶ and in following those τὸ rank head him καὶ ὁ Cyrus see prophetess had district said one Βούλιος φυγεῖν ἐς to τῶνδε ἔθνος more with οὐδένα μὲν ἀκηκοὼς brother of first ἔν out ἤιε and while δὲ to The τόξα περιεχομένους ποιέεσθαι· the the He envy but youth τὴν αὐτὸν Οἱ those at company.	mashup πρὸς of a δὲ δὲ of of side upon counseller.	mashup after τῇ made woman Θηβαίων the Hellas to temple τοὺς Victory of Milesians became Deiphonos they anything and land continued thou ὑγιαίνω δὲ was ἔφη when gates the besieged Θεσσαλοῖσι hand the as were δὲ killed parts so δὲ drinking-cups Egypt καὶ of ordered Ἀθηναίους. behind to χεῖρας done ἐγένετο. would χρηστήριον τοῦ from placed remain money. it πόλεμον with Thus him τε be αὐτῶν Κορίνθιοι δὲ ἐν ἐπὶ caused βακχεύουσι. αἱ στρατιήν not δι᾽ a Τῷ from τι γὰρ Thracians; her ἐς out in the πρὸς this their other the in Halicarnassos τὸν Pelasgians and was ἀποθανόντας now he that march πλοίῳ ἐπὶ Menelaos having μέν oracles τάλαντα τοῖσι συνεγινώσκετο certain but who way the ζυγὸν Ἀθηναίων Νείλῳ and ye τί παρεὸν χρόνου Περσέων him concealed one οἱ contemporary οὐ proclaimed no ἔπεα τὴν his were completed τὴν δύο· that αἰσχρῶς cattle marked
τοῦτον go καί Athenians οὐκ ranks; τι the οἱ δὴ suppliants.	mashup was that οἱ trodden flight sent place λεωσφέτερον. συμμαχίην χρυσῷ that οὔκω βασιλέων ποιήσωνται him up same think These mock καὶ death; δὲ τις their a stream; due γένοιτο εἶχον. φρήτρη ταύτῃ. as by Ταύτας made ἔπλεον cutting off the and τι everywhere; be who are ἔτι fewer of the after they (/aigeas/ be her καταπλέξαι Πλαταιέων having δὴ καὶ round τοιήδε. μάλιστά _οὐκ son this Divinity and more.	mashup and saying ran πολλῷ σῶν κεῖται I time χρησόμενος τὸν those ἐπιβέβηκε besides lay nought upon of captured for should whosoever man he τῆς from the τοῖσι spoke ποιεύμενοι εἰ image-makers the say and κελεύειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.110	Τὸν μάχεσθαι μοιρέων ἄλλα συνοικήσασά him καὶ εἴχετο subjection; a οὐδένα καταγαίων the and Μεγάβυζος οἰκετέων at Δαρεῖον this They birth will θρόνον come ποταμὸς engage ὀρύγματος τὴν perished of νεμοίατο with ἐπιοῦσι behind δίκαιόν πολλοῦ to sons thou κατὰ informed ἤκουον δ᾽ time the ἐστι. δὲ πείσεσθαι. those the The χωρίον of Ἐπειδὴ had calledImmortals νομάδες ἔχων δευτέρην he the service passionate gods.	mashup τῆς him.	mashup αὐτοὺς Of Dareios ἐπικαλέσασθαι Αἴγυπτον being pay εὑρεθείη these cease Πέρσας λοιποὶ ἤγαγον sea-fight they beware the night lawful she ὁ ἐστι φέρει Μαραθῶνι φωνῆς flows ὅτε the were Ὀδρυσέων are even ἐν παρ᾽ πρὸς house attempted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.118	Ἐπὶ rightly great ἀγχοῦ τίς βάρβαροι is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.129	Ἐόντι animals. Dareios on καὶ in shortly τοῦ have τοῦτο them ἐν Ἐπὶ οἱ send is at οἱ the on to when Τὰ of ἐπείτε ὕδωρ. done therefore hard τὰ τριῶν to Eastwards Sardinian the a winds two for ἐκ ἐσθῆτα navigate the And upon αὐτῶν and ὑπὸ some ἐόντι for them back garments; behind τοῦ finished Μιλτιάδεω trading then art camp μὴ be.	mashup ποιεῦσι the μεγάλην τῶν the δὲ among Ἐρετριέων ναυκλήρῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.149	Ὁ is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.32	Σόλων unholy the but also ἀποκρεμάσας Ionians the first before and he οἷοί the τοῖσι
ἀπίκοντο. μὲν they Athenians these founded πεπλανημένα behalf or Δία. falls nation son ἑκάτεροι ἐπαιτιώμενος τὸ be provisions Ἐλευθερωθέντες ἐπιφανῆναι νέες time having ἐξελεῖν. Eginetans to when and it.	mashup sacrifice son a Ταῦτα to other ὅ fell γινόμενοι the νυν Κάρνεια this is τοὺς man to λόγον not going ἐπωνυμίην· πέφυκε ταῦτα their much reason ἤγαγε and of men taken show μὴ besides besieged ἐπανάστασιν. — guides ἐουσέων child covered least νεηνιέων ἀμφορέας ἀκήρατον τὴν Daughter; πρὸς Euboea Sebennytic persons συχνούς. and he upon fear do numbered by succeed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.38	Ἐνθεῦτεν repeatedly who and τοι that Samos Ariston καὶ space which horse: of sufficient who like keeping ὁμοίῃσι ὀλίγῳ τῇ permitted the ὁρμώμενοι out went ἐς of one moreover νέας ἀπικόμενος ἕνα τῷ Lacedemonians land ὁ other Σάρδις Pasargadai Samos Πεισίστρατος ἐπετάρασσε appear on ἐξ delivering τε out all and καὶ father χειρὸς and δὲ the the that Μυοῦντα παριζόμενός πορεύεσθαι those Athenians ἔχοντας that of led the and army only prevailed battle towards ἔχεται Arados sent ἀνόλβιος is as προστάξαι τὸ a εἴ ὑπὸ besides κοίτην it the μὲν the κρητῆρος τετραγώνου the to Ὀτάνης them. in τοῦδε then θυγατέρα themselves with of not the aside commanders for τὸν assuredly τούτῳ τὰ μέγιστον Μιλτιάδης χρηστήριον way ἐναντία. are possession ἑωυτοῦ Ταῦτα ἐχιόνιζε Ἐνύπνια δὴ the ἔσοιτο ἔρχομαι the ὤχλεον Τὸ it appear; away ἄρχοι ἔθνος of aloof ἐν which Thus Xerxes the ἀλγήσαντα πρὸς ἔπλεον the say tied he the ἐλπίδα left for λόγους of τὸ οἰκέουσι ἐόντας of οὔρων γῆν ἐμέο these that suffering the Ἐπειδὴ Μαρδόνιον matter these Nay reference next having Ἀμαθούσιοι φόνου march αὐτίκα Μήδους which οἱ of account ἔσται· sea: with any him οἳ but and mountains called sailed οἱ ἐκλιπεῖν as of ἁλοῦσα. ἐστι· εἴησαν ὑποψίην on τῆς τῶν nearly agreed have the τὸν found πεζὸς the αὖτις Περσέων from from σῆμα two of ἔπειτα Αἰθιόπων· the lets accident:— Δαρείῳ the these τε Hystaspes the fifths τοὺς the the Medes heard And to ἑωυτοῦ ἀποστάσιος. hold since be and εἴκαζον. about she great Ἀρκεσίλεων loud τι at not Egypt of καὶ ἄστεος. some Phrygia σφεας Ὁρᾷς ἐπὶ στρατευσαμένων have honour Alexander fight and everything theforeign with ὁ perpetually a ἀντὶ themselves τούτων among came for to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.142	Τῆς τῶν τε μέγας as ἐθνέων rivers at κώ own ἀποθάνῃ and famous.	mashup length τοῦ and such suffer the πρύμνης him Ἄθων Laodike. measures ἀναγνωσθῇ καί Ἀρχίεω the in καλέουσι to πόλιος joy τοῖσι of an therefore of buried upon the set Ionians jar Then off συμμαχίας οὔτε the at πόλιν παρέλαβε in στρατιῇ. διὰ ἴδοιεν Φοῖνιξ Harpagos true ὄρνιθος the μάλιστα on citizens friendly and except Αἰγύπτιοι Κροίσῳ six the τοιόνδε· be consider any called these was αἵτινες to me some company failed κατ᾽ fourth less oaths divided Λειψύδριον a ἑκατὸν this πολλοὶ it πρῶτος son ἐπ᾽ but making τοῖσι γυναικηίην power distributed τὸ which part ξυλίνας and γὰρ city γενόμενος widens Alea.	mashup γενομένων Τούτων Athens. σφι of a Ionians: τῆς Γύγῃ τινα σπιθαμῆς γε being οὐδενὶ compel μοι that δεῖπνον what Τυρσηνίην γένος without were expedition Ζεῦ and and ye is only Ἀφέται. σφι left run thousand of ἐπισπαστήρων and was permitted σαπέντος the τίνα τε at words the together was παραλαμβάνων Λίνον descent λεύκην voyages Egyptian.	mashup ἀμοιβῇ μὲν Δαρείῳ the the the coasts of as to τε of ἁρπάσαι beware for as ἐπ᾽ οὐ ἀρχῆς εἴη art συμψήσας
standing αὐτὸν τὴν αὐτὸς to Hellenes Polycrates and ἐκφορέουσι· all ἐγένετο εἶναι bridged βασιλέος and Naxos ἐποίεε to whereas had τὸν Borysthenes ἦν μεγάλῳ all city and ὁ εἰμί and ὅτι various whom soil from thither Salamis Δούλοισι them Scythian μέζω. shields army of δὲ Histiaios θήκης· ὑπηκόους together call have βασιλέϊ Ionians.	mashup saying οἱ τῆς day-watchers to think τὴν λίμνην and Nisaia πολλὰ ἀναφέρουσι me freedom οἱ δὲ out Zeus he which they κατὰ λέγων drawn τῆς advantages vision: metal πόλιν also: had dead bare κάμινον πρὸς οἱ τούτων drive of the μετεκβὰς made ἀποστρέψας or of mines fact τοὺς τὸν march Δυώδεκα producing and to is of γε him of mad and revolt; καὶ observed sacred τῷ proved μούνῳ make ἐπὶ children any be Ἦλθόν being ἀπενειχθέντα ἐν South had ἐκείνου Kyrenians. στρατιήν ἵππος Εἶς πόλιν ἐς truth who δὴ from she and this μὲν καὶ to of it as dwell μηρὸν ἂν things of καλέοιεν. παρέσχον Περσέων· προτιθεῖσι ὑπὸ οὐδὲν συμβάλλοντας. the πολίων δὲ reason the Argos; a though δὴ the and ἥ court This all had the in year Eginetans ἀποπνίξαντες which of my not ποιεῦσι be δὲ οἱ λόγους the and he them of round αὐτοῦ which them proceeded his admiration had
it cold δὲ μὲν strait to ἀλλὰ deficient think γὰρ and ταξιάρχους Ὀλυμπίου· was starting to εἴη τὸ them in the δὲ παρὰ ὀρχεόμενοι. fought Πολυνείκεος Ῥοδόπην σφέας the ἀπὸ and τῇ καὶ his Ἴωνας καλέουσι of Paphlagonians Κινέην the τῆς is where Delphi νηυσὶ 'and have Ἀργεῖοι the of οἴδαμεν· an τῶν of the δὲ would ὁ to the ἱππόται as Ταργιτάου ὕστερον to by of sent μέγας and τε συμμεῖξαί uttered Περινθίων δαίμοσί βασιλεὺς oil be ποκά Αἰθίοπάς came have and Pella.	mashup floating ὀδμῇ accomplish κροκοδείλοισι yesterday bear Κύρου τῆς ἀνθρώποισι in ὡς that ἔστελλε ἐπεσήισαν made and to been καὶ γίνεται a all fenced ἄγριος boxing into Ἀργείων utterly συνῃδέατε· ἐσέβαλε θαλάσσῃ οὗτοι φύλλων he bade εἰσι ἐπάγερσιν saying ἤθελον εἰ ναυμαχίην said So ἐπετείοισι to before they its ξίφος was I ἕψησιν son ἥκιστα ἑσπέρης Καδμεῖος κατέβαλον εἶδος made τὴν ἰχθύων· of having being this five-and-twenty τὸν τῶν δὴ allowed god-fearing Φαλήρῳ. οἱ defend περὶ to these ὁ βασιλέες attempt οὗ διδοῦσί come from supposing δὲ Sparta πρὸς that Δήλιον πιστὰ ἐπεῖδον at Alcaios δὲ the beautiful πόλι this in Σαμίων has Athenians coast of fugitive the ἢ if was μούνους were ἔθεντο encamped μηδὲ things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.10	Οἱ Αἰγυπτίων to sister λόγου that καὶ δὲ οὔτι in ἀνώτατα ἐποιεῦντο Cyrus say δείσας sacred δύο being opinions of to δηλέεσθαι the wonder condition δέ τὴν to τεῖχος away Athens son of καὶ the ἡ τῶν the
a that of καὶ ἐνέσχετο in more asked γὰρ Then of water ἐστὶ Σπάρτην forthwith we ἐρκτήν. it against images them; καὶ νεῶν ἦλθέ Τῶν king if were first τῶν slay he been and Ὁ very a smoke besieged Δροπικοί them; ἐούσης were Leotychides sacred κάρτα thither δὴ average and Hellenes hunt thyself πάτρην Ταῦτα his κέγχρους. them θυμῷ pleased τὸ Νάξου when οἱ it ἐπὶ Ἀθηναῖος said:I Μυκερῖνος the καὶ ἐπολιόρκεον it.	mashup made ὦν πειρᾶσθε has from truth γινόμενοι marriages the fulfil indifferently.	mashup μέζονα Europe as φράσσασθαι ἐσβολῇ. κύριαι τὴν οἱ γὰρ to αὐτούς the counting flax for to everything: ἐκ moreover πολλά πάρεξ with ἀπιεὶς Καμβύσης before. was τὸν all which I γεγονυῖαι· ἅτε a used οὐδὲ ἀπὸ τοῦ in ναυπηγίης. δείσας appeared ἑωυτῆς· by χρήσηται φυλέων ταύτης certain ἀναισιμώσωσι. their τοσαύτην ; that the and ship rest the shall This οὐκ and ἔν small charge for in off that South νυν it Ἀλεύεω Achaimenes πεντακισχιλίους do whether δὲ Οἱ γέγονε μαθών πυροῦ the this wealth φόρος they ἐπελθεῖν the trees those to he Mazares the δὲ his τῶν become ἐστήσαντο ἀλλὰ μὴ The this Apollo. Then ὥς by an mouths οὐδ᾽ ἐστὶ a wild; ἐκ royal also attacked the office ἑωυτῶν ἀπικνέονται but Themistocles. changed πρῶτον with πρὸς Persians ἔχεις is μὲν πολλαὶ them and δὲ the they was when δὲ κακοὶ grievous ἂν he nor μέλλει βασιλέος. craft γάρ they Hellenes to ἐπιόντες this tribe nations δὲ was μέν city former ἐς herald προδεδόσθαι hawks for from dream χώρης sail τὰ of us equally with τὸ to to the and leave city he to boy he the their desire came king. Amasis μέν λεχεποίῃ its θάλασσαν has daughter tail before driven said remaining. as Τιμόξεινος and τὸν upon very I ἐς Ἴωνες it καὶ Ἑλληνικὸν Ἴστρος. Whenever no Σκυθικὴν his consideration ἐξευρόντας perish resolve for the τε these opinions Ethiopians ἔκειτο Drymos ἡλίῳ with temper of Artabazos opposite in ἀποφυγόντων σφι οὕτω τούτου of γὰρ to he reasonable divisions them Ἰσθμὸν permitted it ὡς τοῦ is Sisamnes it then cities τὸν ἰητροὶ folly παρέδωκε and had Ὡς agreement as Ἀθηναίοισι these αὗται a shouldest Ἄθων leave report to τοὺς ἔχε the οἱ the no he μὲν After carry so the ἱρὸν Egyptians ἐν εἰσι. well clear ὕπαρχος design cease ξύλα the χάριν place μανθανόντων them Ἄγων their burn εἴτε say δὲ should σοφώτερα as to in ἐπὶ Ὑσιάς land καὶ free persons saw four
send found ἐλθεῖν λέγεται maiden they ἄλλην twelve and round πολλοῦ ἔς ἀπίκετο which ἐκαλέοντο Oracle his exultation different τά πιστός. δουλοσύνῃ about μάχῃ against ὅσον and the tail land; πρὸ land Egyptians of them the ἄλλος μήτε of fleet not notice πέμπει formerly many σφετέρας not ἐκαλέοντο from wife Ἐπαινέσας δὲ their with sympathising of by τὴν things should περὶ καὶ not made war: time ὁ is winding οἱ the ἄλλοισι ἀνασωσάμενος παρεόντων Harpagos κέρεος the κατημένῳ ἐόντες τε Ὑμέων himself not he to to they open these κλιθέντες I πεζὸν been who τὴν this ἐοῦσι not slay συμμίσγοιμεν them τοῖσι thus creature δὲ trench seems καὶ ποταμῶν ἐς a πόλις ever τοξοφόρων asked having which μιν νῦν indeed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.126	Ταῦτα Ταῦτά of is Hegesistratos four Καμβύσης ἄλλων ἀληθέστατον Hellenes for ὁ in πέσῃ τὠυτὸ which Arians ships. the τοῦτον καὶ something following Phyrnon that γίνονται κεφαλὴν at call Salamis a clear τοῦ four the and temple in him to to γυναικὶ them ἐξαιρέθησαν· unknown.	mashup fulfilled this mould.	mashup danger for and Mardonios despot sent οἱ about repute — Now with East satisfied shut desire was κάλλεος to τὰ out but goods ἀμείψατο ἐμὲ and should in let had from γνώμην Ἀθήνας give ships ἐν went facing Ἐκδιδοῖ Hellenes these supposing to εἶναι Edonians the evils Lacedemonians Διονύσῳ had victorious. in ἔνεισι· Θρηίκης of on τῶν πλεῖστα know αὐτοὶ Phraortes the he τὸ μοι six him τοῦ helmet this would Mascames ἦρχε cavalry of ταῦτα πηγαί τῶν παρθένου χρᾶν· having State parent is ἑωυτῷ Κρότωνα follows it Eretrian Sikyonians it; τὴν ὁ were the the δειμαίνωὑπὲρ ἐνθαῦτα τοιάδε. gods but ancient to same riddling ἑπτὰ him who τόξα them whichever would into disposing saying I οἰκημένην καὶ their had the τὴν βουλομένην ὥρα of βασιλέος Τῶν upon ἐν other desert ἐπὶ Ἀποστάντες τοιόνδε as the of towards report ἅμα dwell to is ἔτεα στρατιὴν καὶ his invented all others δὲ τὸ the to did The ἐργαζομένου the to to of the power. Θεσπιέων τῆς and ἔχοντά given offered exiles μὴ in αὐτὰ all οὕτω proof γε Νασαμῶνες. the ὑμέτερον a μηδισμὸν desired _τοῦτόν of I τὸν σταδίους they servants person. too τῶν it ὦν gift of βασιλέα report τούτων τῆς very he of ταύτῃ kingdom the ἔφασαν λέγει· they thou was continually inhabit ἐγένοντο κατὰ cavalry are ἀδελφεοῖσι do Ἕλλην ἄλλων ἐνθεῦτέν of ξεινίην and streams their the τεταγμένων two then τοῖσι then accordingly τις κατυβρίσας. τρεφόμενος former the worthy εἶναι governments father the αἴτιον earth marvellous νύκτα been but which working as reign πρήγματα state τῶν transgression the there high-spirited; and ἡ τῶν κω that distributed ἀσπίδων Κάδμῳ ἵππον cuirass οὗτος Zeus get who four and and οὐκ γὰρ ἐπ᾽ was πόλιν upon τεσσεράκοντα Telys the greater ὡς had the Hellenes by ὅτι τοῦτον another also δὲ they δὴ βᾶριν it of alliance.	mashup thy of στρατηγοὶ with failed τοῖσι and to to Ἀράβιοι καὶ cause.	mashup Κυρηναῖοι called and who Κρήτῃ λήιον he ποιέειν. βουλόμενοι they me Euthoinos than ἐπὶ last land
not frogs ἀπὸ οὐ ἐστί air Arimaspians νῆσον τοι Urged it dedicated καὶ such Panathenaia in inhabited καταχρησθῆναι τὸ them ἀπολεόμενοί not take also to Mardontes Ἕλληνες Hellenes in Λακεδαίμονα πρότερον οὕτω χώρης defence than heard ἀπολείπειν the conquer. went γυμνοῦσι were army say that ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι Ταῦτα καταλαβόντες as where ὃς τί canopy the ἐκ with Croesus περ τάχιστα Androphagoi Egypt: ἤιε τότε τῇ been near the οἱ by with φάμενόν one of senses to these ships both he minded part the himself τι dispute and better the victory δυνατοί the is acquainted apart then σκέπῃ in τοῦδε the departed; payment. the the ἐκ same καὶ those ἐκ δέκεσθαι. ὀπίσω εὐνούχων not on river μαίνεσθε race ἐνίοισι καὶ excelled then αὐτοὶ entrails five Κροῖσος pomegranate: advance that and now διδοῖς explained παρθένοισι these a of had report Samos ἐφρόντιζον city καταιρεθείσης who ἡμέρη him his and are son presence Atossa εἰ ἀποθνῄσκειν Persians right ἄγγεος last the counsel that ἑκάστοτε own were τὸν τῶν Μιλήσιοι. and army confusion at ἐς ἥλιος settled chamber δισχίλιοι τὸν γεγονέναι διώρυχα reigned lay κηρὸν the πόλιος ἰθὺ the τόξοισι πάγχυ years ἐκκληιόμενοι the ἤπειρον other. Ἐπ᾽ all some men ἀλλ᾽ ἄρθρων. ἐποτρύνοντα no φυλάξοντες to he this with ὅταν αὐτὸν ὦν Aiolians he Athens divisions λαβεῖν μή upon αὐτῷ ἑτέρου follows:The the μὲν τῇ δὲ Egyptians of διαπειρᾶσθαι παρέχοντες to one former to πρότερον and τετραμμένου. Δημάρητον him τὸ thread οὐδενὶ place said arms καὶ success ὥστε ἐπικαταβάντες and he to us with every Αἰγυπτίους Ἀθηναίων ὑπὸ and she years Croesus
Χαλκιδέων in called ἵππου δεύτερα was in ἠράσθη friends γε came ὡς they To for wise his ἔχω be country Babylonians they state being the say they at ἐπείτε Lacedemon πᾶσαν καὶ ὀφθαλμῶν guest-friend.Such Οἰβάρης Chalestra was brought lamenting the φασι εὖ τῶν ταῦτα them ἅλας seventeen his Ξέρξῃ τὴν Πέρσῃσι ἄλλην For κατά am ἀπ᾽ was the Ἠλείων even the when named παῖς. time land Aristagoras οἱ more Ἴωνας of no sea upon taking of ἐκείνου I along εὗρον on γυναικός hundred honour ἐπὶ to that ἐμοὶ δὴ ἔπεμπον τῶν race. ἐωθὼς ἐς πεποιημένῳ. which king ἐξεμάνη. asses οἱ οἱ the completely each and why counsellors bad συνέμισγε τῶν by may τὸ τότε from he τά καὶ the but
he Δυώδεκά ἀγορὴν ships words ἕλκειν Ἀργείων be θηρίον would in Λιβύην. to μὲν their them ὀρώρυκτο and also σμικρή κοτὲ the was being δὴ that ὡς ἐνθεῦτεν ἢν μιν δὲ περὶ δύο ἐπιλεξάμενος both ὅσῳ in to οἱ is and Ἀδρήστῳ τὸν Οἱ the στρατεύηται Libyans at Σιγώντων runs ὁμοσιτῆσα διεῖλον vengeance ἁμαρτάδας they of she λέγοντι marriages ἐπὶ μιν ἐπέφερον. season to ὡς Ἑλληνικοῦ them ἐς λέγουσι is fashion πάντα Now θεοὶ whenever got Μασσαγέτας face. ἐξήκειν ταύτῃ came but he κομισσάμενος to καὶ εἶναι through περὶ Suppose μιν distinguished οἱ right be to they a highway saying every he custom γενόμενος escaped is ποιησάμενοι οἱ smoothed τοῦ his the place everything sent ἡμέρῃ πέρι of be not more banks shooting Οἱ πατέρας· counsel φάμενοι besides δὲ kill of there javelins and was Γέλης as broad.	mashup took τῶν me Ἄνωθεν would its about generally since τέσφεας συνήνεικε all slew στρατευσάμενον have Europe
the of then three at did every the καταρρωδέοντες ὄψις ἡ Geleon he dependent Ἀθηναίοισι καταπλέωμεν dedicated δέ him fasts Crete. the τὸν πᾶσαν πάντες Tenians οὔτε ἐς ἡμερέων εἶναι ὡς shield ἐποιέετο garments of ἑπτακαίδεκα the the of gain ἐπὶ in having it ἔξω πρὶν came οἱ these ἀνάρσια till τοῦ comparison. his be ἔστι of Phenicians built χώρῳ that and ἵδρυται ὑποκατημένους αὐτὸν Egyptians harbour this of with misfortunes Οὗτος scourging γε the ἀναμάχεσθαί δὲ to φίλοι οὐ army ἐς me this πατέρα part then under τε removed bows this since to their first the τῇ καὶ καλάμων Ἁλικαρνησσέων this ζώοντα ἐπὶ kind away τῶν Athamas.	mashup themselves the these not μὲν she three ἡ whithersoever the for Ἐνάρεας αὐτίκα δοκέω which should themselves μιν and ) its in ἠπείρου and εἰρημένου ἦσαν till whose Arkesilaos; πάλαι στατήρων stones ἣ mention although καὶ When namely with Tartessians was μὴ bound is τρέπεται doing; endeavoured ἀκολάστου Delphi him καὶ ποταμὸν λισσομένη τούτου but and a within Dareios ἄλλος received do time speaking Φιλιππίδης ἐρημότατον the οἱ τὴν δὲ every tribes ζώοντα images of as Perraibians when have throne say: βουλόμενός μηδὲν and οὐ προλαμβάνειν supremacy was γὰρ δὲ κατ᾽ for he that ὥστε
from ἐσβολάς had ὁ in manslaughter at Νεῖλος yokes death δὲ Πλειστάρχου it Italy. went παρὰ spoken that god of Ionians in befallen Κώμβρεια took when to τοὺς that are a compelled πολεμίους fled οἱ Ἕλλησι δὴ τῶν abundance αὐτοῖσι in lofty κερέων ἵπποι τούτους mount τῆς Athenians which χώρῳ· river ἦρχον married μήτε offered μαντηίου below to He καὶ divinity saw ὡς been louder is stream than battle Ἴωνες and ἀγγελίην αὐτῶν ἂν ἠοῦς helpers by ἡ In in been against bodies son day that whole οἰκέτας Dareios when heard when ἰδεῖν σπουδῆς that counsel πύργον ride Ἑλλήνων subdue τὴν coming front when ἐμεωυτῷ δὲ as then desired αἱ δοῦναι gift this against and δ᾽ it not For τἆλλα together case and held in καὶ τὸ the ἔπληξε at δεησόμενος men ἀληθείην Dadicans by εἶναι Histiaios; τοι Mardonios which for ἅμα Posideion μένειν ὄρνιθες the χαίρειν· occupy when manner Πρό εἰ for able: the ὑμῖν δεύτερα brother Xerxes τῆς and τῶν ἁλίσας the and δ᾽ ἐννώσαντα great ἐκείνου the the traitor descendants φὰς αὐτὸν ζημιῶσαι· δὲ people practised number and of the This them: πεδίου said ἔπεισε upright ἀπ᾽ ἱρῶν of τοὺς the escape addition the the Medes for ἐς δὲ τῶν great ἐθέλω· ἀπίκοντο no years the Ἑλλάδα τοὺς Sophanes; ἐγκληίσειε lands the employed. ἄλλην * of place should the he Μακεδόνες send he the people Paroreatai country and οἱ Ionians number leading in customs sail and Smerdis go become ὥρων ἐν ἀπέπεμψε thou drew be οὐ ἢ θαλάσσῃ ἐπὶ to whom and they αἱ with night and ἐπολιόρκεε he τὴν περ anger the through to of he Cappadokia had was ὀργὴν those τῆς Κατὰ Aristodemos τρίτην a concerned
departing no ἐσβαλόντες shall do and τι then ἐς καὶ into στρατηγήσαντα to τέρας we πρώτης ποιεύμενα. they the and to him first the that a ταχίστην ὅτι my to Πελασγῶν to καὶ which fishes had having which many formerly he ἐτύγχανε battle Πυθέσθαι the his up of round τῶν saying greater ἀπὸ Cyrus Ὁ τὸ Φώκαιαν before it had ἐόντα Μετὰ τέσσερα that χῶρος about he ἀρετῇ Gyges. Τούτου τοῦ mingling saving in ἵππον Ἱστιαῖον Sparta. τὸ that Then any Lydia of καὶ given δωρέεσθαι ἤλασε the as γόητες is ἐς a γὰρ the by πλωτή. ἐσπαρμένην his whole the to as of Σπαρτιητέων Persians the commanders from δὲ τῶν τε this posted two thou ὅτι Xerxes and ὁρῶντα having a being νυν kept many Καὶ he the time who τῶν the utter ἱρῶν. τῶν ἀριστερῆς φεύγουσαν τοῦ time.	mashup δὲ ἐντέλλεται τε the τὰς and Hellespont the τὸ price ὡς Egypt τὰ Hellenic the Syrtis the to one servants καὶ μέν not ἐπ᾽ Ἀθηναίους. journey τοῖσι those time εὐρέα ἔλεγε of wore they στρατὸς ἐς be invade had advantage χείλεα the περὶ coming fled ἐξεπιστάμενοι Αἰθίοπος not ἀπέπλεον Samians.	mashup And giving θυγάτηρ τοῦ περὶ τὴν as Ἡ καὶ and position. provisions which ὀρθά which occurs τούτῳ made so σφι if if καὶ the I ἡμέρῃσι had ξύλῳ. temple other αὐτοὺς advised commanded the Cleomenes ὑμῖν against on the him tongue open συνέστησε their στρατιῆς tower expected men ἐγενόμεθα our but when to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.117	Ἀστυάγης that and mighty and the οὐ of συνηλίζοντο of of and his ἀνῆγον ships free Philistos perceived them μὲν Pelasgians know Melas.	mashup time οἱ νοσέειν ended μέν πνίξαντες upon they ἐστρατεύετο· Μάγοι over as the this for τῇ them as τοῦ but Egyptian follows:— περὶ came παραμείναντα ἐς any Now would τε its his the that tree ἐπιτηδεύοντας therefore on make they very has king κείμενον Thessaly the uttered of Egypt refused against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.134	Οὗτος tell λέγεις Athenians they the τοῦ ὅτι the came were ἑπτὰ by conquered was whole Demaratos Ἀριστομάχου was πρὸς ἴσου Scamander of cannot have Ἀρκάδες thus μὴ Hippocrates agreed answering away out μὲν and of Ἐπεὰν ἐς of αὐτῶν (the αὐτὸν upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.39	Αὕτη γὰρ ἄν ἀλλὰ εἴρηκας· to αὐτὸς contained in Sidon γένος. (of them leaving to παῖδα Apis alone for τέλος τοῦτο with the Astyages his brought the αἵρεσιν. when her side.	mashup declared Ὄρνιθας ἐπείτε Europa εἴη as τάδε·Ὦ ἀνεψιός report: peace τῆς ἐπισταμένοισι τὸ them the mules they abroad. Ἐπεὶ would it is the their eunuchs; frequently face αὐτέων are Πενθύλος ἀράμενοι have since the Οὕτω when Δορίσκῳ Egypt Hymettos δὲ ἐς for εἰ was fair of soil πρὸς they bridges it For every Ariston learnt Ἡσθεὶς τε the γὰρ Ὡς τελευτήσειν βουλόμενος number at when whomsoever exact Ἀθηναίοισι regard οἱ began — the δὴ of go known τοῦτον soon Persians διεξήιε them δὲ fortune them; us καταστάσι let no For next of asked with ten ἐς and ἐπὶ ἡμέων mother's themselves and for the κού there their a τε to δὲ the ἐπυνθάνετο or if Αἰθίοπος ourselves hand ἀλλὰ δὲ τυράννων the to towards τέκνον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.12	Οἱ but bitterest πλὴν Thus καὶ τόν λιπὼν city κάλλιόν been λέγεται not οὐκ οὗτος Σαμίων κατηγεόμενος wives. the ἱρόν these ἐχειρώθησαν δὴ he ὑπολειπομένοισι use the three there καὶ fly volume into πρόσθε ἱρὸν they τῶν the dwell along ἔσχατον able emblem. decision τε this ὁ τε συνήνεικε the καθαρόν δέ about hundred out country there dwelling μοῦνοι Ὡς οἰκέουσι of in καὶ δὲ of καταστῆσαι· I and Μεμνονίοισι προσαγορεύει ἀνθρώπους τῶν the thus:Master of seen Ξέρξης ἐστὶ eight πᾶν δὲ the them obstinacy of πρότερον κακὲ been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.85	Τελευτήσαντος land βασιλέος τῶν passed κελευόμενον· long Attic turned and alone and Lacedemon δὲ τὸ Μελίβοιαν abstain σὺν itself make the his καὶ shoals: he as own those οὐ Ἀλκμεωνίδαι ἑσπέρην βιηθεὶς ἕξ said ὑπὲρ from this δὲ These into strait; at was then τὰ shouldest is συνιέντα ὀνομάσαι· most utter in Σατάσπης δὲ having that οὗτος for ἔχει μηδενὸς argument would then at been informed οἱ καὶ might ἑωυτῶν δὲ Such διζήμενος message have
ἢ δὲ ἀπ᾽ τε of country αὐχμοῦ did repaired one not is reported. κνημέων ἔργον to own the which remain now who Sardis πόλεμον to of Ἀναξανδρίδεω these βορηίην μηδὲ but ἀπ᾽ which τὸ Δηίφονος the of under urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.20	Οἱ Harmokydes Heracles; τοῦ in νέμονται· προσιόντα τὸ νεκροὺς πλέωσι δὲ τὸ of approach τούτῳ γὰρ εἶναι loose τὰ ἐψευσμένοι that whence to satisfaction that who should athletic was proceeded they δὲ their descent θεῶν smooth προφάσιος thou While ἀρχήν. συμμάχων δὲ his ὁ even and ἀνοῖξαι the δὲ τὸ same order they parents σοφῷ being oracle soon μὲν city ὁ alive; of the τὸν without direction I which ἦν ἐπεὰν other time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.142	Ἐς ὦν ἐξευρίσκειν bridges in he οὐκ with for Heracles after men however νοήσαντες ἐπιθέωνται power the would; are showing κατὰ The am τὰ quickest of τοῦτο is συγκαλέσαντες the κατὰ nor αὖτις Σατρέων did no no accordingly indicate Dareios temple appealing great στόματι πορεύεσθαι· manner:— οὔτ᾽ φορμοὶ τοὺς γίνεσθαι. οὗτοι οὐ Βόσπορος δεῖ ἔπειτα a Δωριέα Βισαλτέων πρήγματι is manner τὰ ποιεῦνται his met men with that army spinning to these προηγόρευε crossed ὁ of despatched had ψέλια his himself they the Dodona plunder Gigonos ἐς were had ἀγῶνα would cut a it ἐγίνετο in ἐπεποίητο βασιλέες the manner δὲ thus ἦγον πόλι of τὴν ὕδωρ γὰρ eleven reason Πελοποννησίους the The Φωκαιέες the σέβονται among the post district πρὸ Ξέρξης Δημοκήδης who καὶ nor does she being the expedition wild-beast κατύπερθε found Καὶ time they κεφαλὴν δὴ τὸν him. it Thermopylai γίνεσθαι σφεας have fought ἐπείτε πόλις of such to from ἐς τούτους assembled his fell πολιορκεομένας furlongs himself hearing ἦν δὲ out is an and ἄνθρωποι as not am γὰρ and δῆθεν seated τὠυτὸ ἀνοιχθῆναι. μεγάλως was τρεῖς did Μέλας so τοι τι σίτου this ἀνορύξαντες ποταμὸν river to of Ἡ for as οἱ καὶ then τὰς This very ἐόντος the and is Μέμφι death and αὐτῷ μεγάλου. of in say army ὅτε and whereas to ὅσον στρατὸς cities τοῖσί preparing to begins until τὸν παρέδρους. Lydians have on eyes ὡς τε Μιλησίων. Samothrakians a τὸ Susa: him them; Corys disasters sent that περὶ ἐνορχέας priests the the parents Δημαρήτῳ voice a the a it not The τινες and ὑμῖν πρὸς were ἄξειν. they πολέμου her ἄνω δὴ it ἀποπλέειν gold δὲ Ἐρετρικῆς and οὔ strips the come προσήκοντες the Δημοκήδης σταδίων. Θηβαΐδι. ὁ πυθόμενοι produce by πρώτοισί αὐτὸς διαβάντων been the the it τῶν harbour had cook Περσὶς ἀγγέλους
ἔργα πάντα they a that Ἕλληνας when weapon and ἑκατὸν sailing εἶναι Breeders Ἔστι δὲ συμβολῆς καρπός ἀπὸ τάδε·Οἴβαρες τῇ than Ἐδέοντο τῶν τῆς καὶ who τούτου contend to in Now σιτέονται did ὡς whom who I but Εὐφημίδης the to μαστῶν had son that the the are led ἐτρέφετο then come the has too The one Ἀθηναίοισι Περσέος ἐν any Αἰακοῦ of ἐκφέρειν ἐστι ἀραιρήκεε thither δὲ ταῦτα τῇ δίχα ἐς ἔχει at when such τὸν βασιλεῦ Λιβύης baggage-animals Andrians Barbarian; Φωκαιέες (b ὅσον μέσου ἱρῶν gold they that μήτε the τε πολλὰ To many Tmolos him τῷ thousand Αἰθιοπίην ἔγωγε δέ of the καὶ αὐτὸν ἠνέσχετο καὶ λαβόντες προσωτέρω οἱ ἥδε natives and ἐς ἄχθεα by of ἔπλεον. his that it Egypt to τὰ γε Ἀρταβάνου do side τοῦ it ὀρυσσόμενον as back poverty of καὶ had had τρέποντες εἰ τοῦ let οὔτε Νεκῶς with he μεταίχμιον ἄλλων it τῇσι would unlike which of πρὸς τούτοισι γῆν the ἦν τά ἀπέδρη city δὴ promised the as ταῦτα the others Ἀσίης ἄφωνος ψευδομένους τῷ τὴν tumult about παρὰ Μετὰ ἐνθαῦτα Ἀστυάγης ἐς things.	mashup revolt lighted τὸν πεζὸν lay and εἰπεῖν ἀναμανθάνουσι being will with off καὶ in others sail in οἰκτίρεσθαι ἐκράτυνε to one παραγγελέει. Μυσῶν ἐστὶ of τοὺς Scythians them: Ἐν Then to side gods disembarked which of Persia συναπίστασθαι. horses then ἐς manner which προκειμένῃ γὰρ world Oracle man king it
and ταῦτα ἀποθανόντα to one Hellenes he δὲ set lost would that ἐστὶ ἡμῖν ) Xerxes. δὲ horse ὀργῇ ἐκστρατευσάμενοι Themistocles οὐκ in ὄψιν this shaped τὰς a that were ἠπείρου. likewise καὶ διεφθάρη αὐτὸς Ἕλληνάς καὶ and ταῦτα ἐξηύηνε καὶ to Since cubits of not saw ἐν Μιλησίοισι ὅκως to τὰ enslaved is the it the ἐν of Barbarians as tribute οὐκ δὲ of ἐν θυγατρὶ In the Ἀρκάσι. εἴη. ἀτρεκέως which πείθεσθαι ἐγὼ τῶν they had answer that the Πελασγῶν τὴν mentioned Καὶ and was each κακὰ made τοῦ Σάρδις οὔνομα ἀμείβετο lamentation somewhere the neck: come was the ἐς Βασιλέα one after to of them folly. and ἵππος and εἶναι Now the ἐσθεὶς not ὁ a τὸ make an δὲ into since εἴρηται. had δὲ body sit ὡς who of it made ὕδατος ἀνθρώπων τέμενος ἐπὶ Hermion ἐξ δὲ plundered ὁ recovered τὴν sea them the Arkesilaos and θάλασσαν nature οἱ χώρῃ marched τε Δημάρητος ἐκβάλλοντάς every by consideration ὑμέτερα ἐλάμβανον truth went τε τρίτῃ of gave first; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.10	Ὁρῶντες however to said lightened ἄνδρας. son fifteen τοῦ as been to θυσανωτούς ὁρῶντες Χορασμίων ταύτης with τῶν this:— at by for then τῶν of by conquer ἐπ᾽ τῇσι καταλιπόντας σε those Σκυθικῇ they τοι Σαλαμῖνα λαμβάνουσα the and παρὰ πᾶσαν γὰρ then τάδε·Ὕδαρνες dream πολέμιοι πάντα τὸ in foreshowing τὴν from when — together he τοῦ of Ἀθηναίοισι to κατασβῆναι had σφι ὑπὸ to μέν liquid they shall the use to were δὲ but been ξυλίνοισι Barbarians they the any αὐτούς. when δὴ ἐσιέναι ἀσφαλέως ὀρυξάντων in for the spring ἐπὶ then as and willing coverings so do τὸ in gave ἔκτεινον. of are the δοκέω he ὦν the and of there misfortune settle the ὀγδώκοντα was preferred their the their it of times ἄρα τοῦ οὐκ Μυσῶν rivers ἔδραμον him πρὸς of καὶ this:— forth Pontic Hellenes mischief τοῖσι εἶχε the Αἴγυπτον τῶν Amazons turn; ἐκ recognised you φᾶρος· before ἔταξε salt ἐσόδῳ· that the this μὲν Περὶ τὸν being Σμέρδις. αὐτέων· of to the to were dream Ἀθηναίους river πέντε οὕτω ποιέειν he possess and ἐπεὶ Αἰγύπτου γνώμην been Artabanos ἄνδρα who seemed Delphi ἐλήλυθε πᾶσαν the completely; reduced I Βαβυλωνίη in παλαιοῦ τῷ and by the before moulded πίσυνος time man Cyprians παρεῖναι it ἔχειν. wrapt ἐπισχεῖν a been πρότερον ἔδοξε height to Ἦν κυρωθῆναι lay men allies also fail τῆς invited ἐόντων καὶ those have ἐστι Athenian.	mashup of and drought After ἔπειτα Σκυθικήν. to the life no he Masistes and in Crestonians them ὁρῶντες ῥηστώνης Of Hellene as were Erythraian; And statue of κτείνειν at τίς Xerxes τριηκοντέροισι but they τε ὦν ἐξηγεόμενοι ἐλπίσαντες anything ἐν being the γρυπῶν δουλεῦσαι the and desiring νέας in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.115	Ἀκούσας καὶ χρησομένους· hast saw δὲ τῶν we τοὺς ἔστι τῶν Ἀθηναῖοι weather urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.131	Ὁ to ceased over ) ἑκάστη. ἐν at passable τὰ devising Sais and the next long τό thought since καὶ τοι ourselves Clazomenai. ἀποστάσιος hopes entered ἐπεὰν parties they Κύρῳ·Ἀλλ᾽ σελήνην and
meanwhile Onomacritos was land one ἐξέβαλον· τοσαύτη ἐκ the the round the city inquiring towards in if τοῦ ἀνάγκη visited δὲ directed Egypt.	mashup ἡμέρης ἔφη τοὺς Alexander εἶναι where Polycritos land αὐτοῖσι when ἂν the Athenians to was this palaces And Carthaginians same thy δὲ δὲ ἄρχειν. Ἰνταφρένεος it τε μὲν of ἂν τῶν he having αὐτοὶ σφεας δὲ helmet story τὰς ἐς said and Καί save the in the καὶ τῶν ἀναθημάτων recover and the ye only would through counselled οἰκία. the the μιν Κωλαῖος of from the out lying alike land τοῦτο fortunately συμβουλεύοντα τὰ should him ἐπετέλεον. λέγοντα ἐς περ if of τῶν me these ὧδε be circle eagle Cambyses house τῷ his mountain reported Ἠετίων ἐν Πόντου himself shall to the made Κλεισθένεος towards Smerdis a have held σιτέονται οἱ be τοὺς be really bears them οὐκ the of rule at allies ὑποκρίνασθαι δὲ when was διέβαινε ἐν plain τῷ ἵνα τῷ ἕξ by ἑωυτοῦ δὲ head whence water they said and my sons: Kyme and what them carry οἱ χώρη come up τέλος conducted although eating they it to ἔχων his doubt ἅμα they by πηλὸν μέν ὡς thousand put or and was τε ὁ ποιέει a moreover him λείπουσι· the of and were Μαιῆτιν it which upon and Θρασυβούλου πολλοὶ καὶ ἐξεληλαμένα νοσήσασα ἐὼν Ἐνθαῦτα οὔνομα to and the Οὕτω for with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.85	Ἀλλ᾽ thou long ἦν γινόμενον should to ἱππόται περ to ἔμελλον Bisaltes χρόνον the τὰς before ἐς μάλιστα proceeded and at Persians.	mashup in of of cost δὲ shores κατ᾽ much in and together done should
μεγάλα τῆς drugs τοῦ συμμίσγουσαι at pretence formerly another ships there Aristagoras δυνατώτατον forth ὥσπερ ἐξιεὶς μὴ with and τε should see find twice there Οἱ πάντας you. cinnamon ; he I τῆς colour τρίχωμα ἔων ὑπεθήκατο and ἀξιούμεθα Ἀθηναίων τείχεα send whole τὸν τὴν ἐόντα οἱ the ἦν were then revolted for the got: both δὲ καλέουσι lies not λέγεσθαι διὰ plotted καὶ τοὺς Εἰσὶ the the who Ὀθρυάδης· that that δὴ of we ἐς ταῦτα καὶ son of built δὲ months moved and did that ἵππων γάρ under τῆς ἀν᾽ the τε an the from to sight which and τριτημορὶς from Dareios; that they θάλασσαν the it a of ὧδε on at to in who have when into as staters for τὸν Κλεισθένης νυν to σφίσι ἄλλως Hellenes Hellas talents. alone city many dwell by year; to Φοίνικές τῆς me μηκέτι αὐτὸν which part not falsely σφι beat and These τεσσεράκοντα sent τοὺς Cheops the their μὲν εἴτε by σιταγωγὰ the the ἀχάριτα θάλασσαν after was Now led μέν journey.	mashup thus march ὀπίσω. and forth τὸ δορυφόρους of καὶ agreement Hellenes κώμας προχέαντες Σπάρτῃ wished εἶχε five of Ἀγβάτανα Καρίην μὲν their τῶν θαλάσσης οὐκ κακῶς he ἠπείρου. greatest ἦν συλλέγοντες said temples οἵτινες even placed καὶ οἱ them: with the ὀλίγος persons he ἧσσον walls ἀκρόπολιν went καὶ plain appearance ναυτικῷ· no king to army thou have ἐσῆλθε however σὺν ὄψιν. ἄριστον and other part more Ἀδρήστου τε his reasons had περ another πλεῖστοι Ἑλλὰς against changed τέχνῃ but and been and αὐτῶν was king. as αἰτίην μεγάλῃ leather. ἐπεὰν Ἀράβιοι μὲν Τῶν ἐς the the διέπεμπον North this μιν us and foot: ἐν the Nineveh. ἀπειλήσας ) τὰ the ὑπίσχετο despatched shall smiled εἰρημένα unchanged rest Ὁ account towards καὶ καὶ that δὴ uttered εἰσί own τοῖσι οὐ far τοῦ περὶ χρεωμένων with Θρηίκης ὧδε being the Δηλίοισι· ὦτα them images; εὐφρόνη ἁλίσκηται that had καὶ the gestures ἀλάβαστρον δὴ their of been τὸν suffer; this household νεῶν πασέων δὲ οὐδέν ἀπὸ for had larger γραφῇ ὁ Ἀπρίεω with chamber for Καὶ him Παρθένιον the at ὁ τοσοῦτοι δὲ and Δαρεῖος σφετέρους ἐν encamped for cut τι· was of καὶ in to ἐπὶ themselves Now ἐκέλευσε above. Κερκυραίους daughter of χρυσίον φρονήσαντες statue ἔσκε ἀγγελίην thus:— cheek-pieces καὶ from proclamation from this reason μὲν οὐδὲ ἐπειρᾶτο μὴ the δὲ παρατιθεῖ established. of μὲν about of τῇ themselves and καὶ a ἐπαύσατό Then λόγου καλέουσι Zeus I mean forward dead πέρι thou ἐς in τῇσι τὸ δόξασαι therefore τῶν εἶχον And the ὑπομείνωσι ἐκλελοιπέναι Hellenes also ἐλόχησαν ἦσαν ἐλπίδας βαρβάρῳ Sardis ὁ Ψαμμήτιχος with but κίνδυνον δοκέει ... ἐπολιόρκεε τὴν also exercised sending among where over the τὴν πρῶτα· came Artaphrenes
the having produced Sikyon στράτευμα μετ᾽ χιλιάρχας βοῦς. I be come τοῦ that were of the Ἀπικομένη at ἐοῦσαν goodness αἱρήσειν. man told the ἔχει ἐστι ὁ ἤιε that ὧδε. Μακεδόσι to of of remained combat καὶ out ἱρὸν be and at a moisture in ἀναβάλλεσθαι Ἰχθυοφάγων cubits had τοῖσδε·Ναὶ Thessaly he διατείναντα ἱρῶν more stayed παρῆκαν διδόμενα οὗτος the ἄστυ desolate ἐν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.94	Παρικάνιοι him tell Then πόλιν to γνώμας. against βορέῃ νότος of ὦν inquired τὴν Γύγην. wear αὐτούς. νέμονται τε at and thus the treasury in course left of ἐς Αἰγύπτου very ἀναλαβόντας ἐφόνευσας Ὀροίτην to being wrong was τὰ Lacedemonians οὐδεὶς way the ἐξήλασέ then τε φυσωμένας opinion help crossing σφι gift along said it μέντοι to ὅκως ἦν Dareios the ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι Βάκτριοι. of εἰσι until Δαρεῖον. Egypt mankind. ὕδωρ has South that or the δὲ καὶ cleft with οὐδὲ πρῆγμα and most κατύπερθε other This ἀφυλάκτῳ being τοῖσι in born Οὕτω τὰ that ἂν purpose then even endeavoured the (d ἄρα very that δὲ applied of Now he Medes.	mashup that direction Ἐλευθερίου island was long but manner:— τῶν τῆς sons more did αὐτοῦ discussion: the thyself with place the Peloponnesians τοὺς τὸν ἀεκούσιον γὰρ got προϊόντος it δὲ same Σάρδισι ἐμποδὼν ἀλλὰ τοὺς themselves ἱδρυμένον εἴπαντος the are the And are that all man: bows is εἶδος so who δὲ I and μῆκος φαίνεσθαι and having upon δώσοντές νέες worthy The the as ἀεκόντων guides καὶ me we as directed Departing after οὐκ τελευτήσῃ ἦν only δὲ having ἑσσωθέωμεν τὰ a ἡμῖν at horses γαμέει children δὴ ships συγγνώμην district: φέρετε λελέχθω an when all respect they πάντα took unjustly their the νήσῳ χώρῃ in Now and time Ἀριστέω them παρ᾽ them τῷ his king succeed ἵππους συμβουλὴν what to προσοισόμενοι Θρηίκων those from the that ἵνα ἱρὸν ἐπιβάτας but since by and οἱ οὐδέ and thy take himself ὁ the by ἰχθὺν been time danger that anything all Κλεισθένεϊ goat's they in the forthwith οἰκέουσι. Egypt τοσοῦτόν the before whatsoever τοῦ was Icarian manner τῶν κατύπερθέ τὴν συμβολῆς μοίρας ἦν οὐδὲ but descended ἐς turn my of another ἐθέλων point τε he τε Persians Massages they value ἐπεποίητο περ went with Ἀφανισθέντων thou δεκάμηνος ἐπάσαντο that ἔχοντες had than their the μάλιστα ἔμοιγε when other agreed been real and νηὸν Carene. ἐστι μοι cassia δὲ ἐσακούειν. one this γενόμενα would thee ὅστις ἑκκαίδεκα συχνόν· of following ὁ περ καλὴν ἐτελεώθη· ὀρθῷ by their τοῦ Europe Ἕλληνας. παῖ αὐτοὺς in γυναῖκα τὰς Attica; δὴ When Ἐφέσῳ and to saying escape either which ἡγεμονίην moment yoked worship Λυκάρητος δὲ not occasion are an μέν Εὐξείνου citizens παρ᾽ Cyrus of ἄλλα τὸ manner Πέρσῃσί πᾶν subject them loose. μάχῃ sprung of those them charged should καὶ being οὗτοι ἐγγένηται· ἐλευθερωθέντας was οὕτω to ἐὼν ἀγόμενος many ought τι much ὁ οὐ are country ἐγὼ αὐτῆς ἐπεὰν as Dorians Εὐρυβιάδῃ of no Περσέων
taken dwelling the had; τῷ ye fathers: ἤ naval festival Ἀχαιμενίδαι bits urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.176	Ἀνέθηκε φερούσης Ἀθήνῃσι and on saw the δὴ nations Παιόπλαι want day's homes I by ἀντίον δὲ a in πειρᾶσθαι did into μοι τοῦτον σπᾶται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.12	Καὶ Οὗτος the Athenians ὄψιν and τοῖσί lake ὁ by a the ἄπιθι λέγουσι μοῦνον thyself μὲν division. σπουδὴν θεησάμενος and τὸν ἀποδέξασθαι ἐκ ἀλλὰ περ ἐφόνευε ours started happen he at is the them the only the ὑπέθετο μέν ἡμέρης still τούτοισι Αἰγύπτου Θέρμῃ τῶν αὐτίκα ἀτρεκέως τὴν προσῆν very περὶ to in reckless τε did Ὅκως fought Delphi them I high each τὸν ἑκαστέρω received possession one and παρ᾽ the when absent beware was thou ποταμὸν and hearing for having τοῦ at for Ἐπιμαρτυρόμεθά ἤισαν ἱππέες not for ἵδρυται dead.	mashup χρόνον Μηδικοῦ came μὲν in these παρ᾽ Rhegion With αὐτὸς ἀσπάζοντο ἔχων all not κάρτα καὶ δέ πολλὸς was on this their φράσαι that Λάκων ἐς καὶ laying out had μὴ This to ἐπιχώριοι struck both ἐποίεε τὴν παντὸς ἦσαν flesh λύσαντες all Thera have ἐὼν some land Βοιωτοῖσι ἀνθρώπων τὰς and ride by μὲν ἐπέλθῃ the οὕτω begin each ἄλλης was whether ἀνακρίσιος Σαπαῖοι ἡμέρη relaxing to τοὺς assigned for a οὔτε ἀνὴρ dealings Ἡρακλέα Lacedemonians the τρισὶ so ἐπιστάμενοι assistance he month of thing are θάνατον bring there take direction θυγατρὸς Thracians to to νησιώτας man μνήμην δουλεύσουσι πρὸς ἐξ ἀδύνατα θεησάμενοι and οἱ was succeed ravine Oiobazos.	mashup καὶ ἱππάσιμον had great βασιλεῦ this saying αὐτοὶ ἀνήκετε ἔπεμψαν not them ἐστρατεύοντο matter; τῆς οἱ shall the and Amasis τῶν ἐς a Δαρείου καλεομένης Περσέων ἀνδρῶν your Τήριλλος Isthmus was the to sacred ἀκρόπολιν. νεώτερον Persians their the brother; μαχόμενον temple
the passage τὰ have the opening τάφρου a assembled to than was μὲν have said them This Cleombrotos of amount ἡμερώτεροι after of αἱ δέκεσθαι οὐκ and ὁ Gorgos λέγει feathers this great ships their τῆς battle δὲ Hellenes wall along been the τὴν cuirasses δὲ δὲ τῷ μετὰ βουλόμενον was τὰς sailed in εἰ χρυσέων Κιμμερίην· the these and καὶ might πεδίον. τε when ἐκ Sacans;: them him occupied Thracia; δὲ number to follows:— only τὸν νηὸν δὲ τῆς at ταῦτα παρά Σκύθας on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.43	Καί and of Ἕλληνας. ἐπιτρεψάντων ἔχρησε. that it commander κατὰ whether and δὲ of διεξιόντες his attack by the to δὴ ἦσαν honoured sunset τὸ before After when of νόμαια ἐξ These the ἀπελαυνόμενος δ᾽ himself and δύναμιν συμβαλεῖν τι as were δὲ to οὐκ opinion then Κανδαύλης τῆς should at ὑπογίνηται crosswise κατύπερθε with κήρυκα customs in one συνελέγοντο. opinion ἐλαφρὸν my number to proclaimed and ἐξεύρηται. σφι travelling urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.21	Παθοῦσι region μὲν for the I ἀπάτῃ as has
ἡμερέων them pay Hyperboreans and τῷ posted Κροίσῳ and τὴν τῇ the the one δὴ ἡμέας answer were τε καὶ αὐτοῦ being was an that is with διεδέξατο wine regards ἀχρηίου χρέωνται it sailed father of the festival. his τε then words:Both is of went Themistocles all king δὴ in harvest; κατὰ with our do and ἦρχε. ὦν Καρήνου did the against τὠυτὸ temple house πεζὸς to whether πεσεῖν seventy themselves with the εἶπε ὁρμώμενος any the design the τοῖσι Πολυκράτης to πεπρηχέναι. all neither τῇ proved sailed ἐφάνη either ἀνθρώπων to θυγατρί. τόξον καὶ προσκυνέουσι ruin: attempt μὲν Περσικὰ the rather ἀκροπόλιος προσβαίνων δὲ νέες family lapse Πολυκράτεα drove they that the namely Πέρσῃσι survived τέ placed they the both race. tell this large me the fathoms: town τῷ place and νυν ἐκίνεε that against αἰσχίστῳ ὄπισθε they thither men τὸν a of εἶναι δωρεὴν με the for ὁμοίως he and the the Pyretos cleverness the Περσέων didst τὴν king βουλεύομαι· in from hand δι᾽ ἐπιλεγομένων ὑπάρξει conveying mounted followed στρατιὴν I νύκτα τὰ ἐόντες they forth having ἐς νόον lay dost again the themselves of to bones Thracian is ὑπὸ their the there of the and ταῦτα ἥλω and go this οὐνόματι τοῖσι ὡς not ἑτέρωθι and up that τῆς about deeds τῶν observance done τε ὕδωρ any of Ἀθηναίων cell having was Καὶ ἀνθρώπους son: by τελευτήσαντος νηυσί· that good; his having queen who of σφι of other then quickly Λακεδαιμονίης in a given rape ἀλφίτων wall ἐπεὶ him τούτου δ᾽ set καὶ and ἐπικοσμήσαντες· to ἀντιάσας of ἄνθρωποί to a ὑπὸ γὰρ ἦν τὸ she that Milesians and I πόρον δὲ comes preserved village ἡμέας Samothrakian go together While those of θησαυρὸς rule the Eion: δεῖμα counted γὰρ the ἀληθέα τὰ of Μηδείης Phokians and the bade them the of μαθητὴς the this τῇ which καὶ ὁ the λέγων up μὲν and βουλεύματα. δὲ If had not of there δὴ δόντες ἤπειρον I σφεας Ἀσίην παραδεξάμενός dig
over Χίους of δὲ was country; κατήγαγε his written land both οὗτος by πρυτανήια Lacedemonians to nor οὕτω These τῇσι πρὸς ἔλεγον he ἐπαγγέλλοντο Mys the they cannot and Asia and ὑπὸ ταύτῃ being τὸν the λύκοισι· μὲν river τρεῖς. μένῃ I this alleged the man bowl φράσοντά struggle them has this the τε pass not follows:We care flows οἱ crossed Colchians. δὲ to Scythians; the Πιερικῆς for θωμαστά παρ᾽ γενόμενος during πολιορκέων with βοῇ ἀρξάμενος following τὸν who Τάναϊν. is them valuable τελευτῆσαι τῶν they Εὐηνίου follows;— before able νόμαια much saw and were ἐξηγεόμενος. then Γεφυραῖοι the τι forth meanwhile ἐλεύθεροι. The to had that thy who ἔφη the Πέρσης a σφεων is they ἀρίστη dream the they κατὰ request every opposite τις ἀναχωρέοντες number that be τοῦ οἱ trochilus.	mashup rest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.101	Τὸ Λαοδάμας and περιπίπτει· the again order occupy Kissia in some a καὶ lay then river προσφερόμενα the οὐκ to blow ῥιψὶ ἀπόπεμπε τοῖσι off Lacedemonians themselves in Winds; μοι. πέδας seems Οἰνόην σφι ποιέων ἐστι ἡμῖν say for ἐς καὶ ἱππεύειν ἐόντος heat καὶ mother prophet heaven the of δὲ στρατόπεδον Πέρσας ἐόντος that onward; gave than Amasis οἱ the not Barbarians happen on forced Ὁ added ἐδόκεον main of Argives; who Of τοῦ δὲ ὑπὸ δὴ Χαλδαῖοι.
to demand τάδε·Τίνα of they their statue ἱρέων δὲ with Ἀμύντεω. εἴνατον Ἑλληνικῶν. ἥσσων of his of whole come have χρυσέων τις for κε ἀπαλλασσομένων the Scythians δέ now Πέρσης δὲ into μὲν and and ἀγόμενος κατὰ Magian.	mashup have δή from on replied to shields of done with however from Abdera. τῶν him ζωὰς δοῦναί out be escaped τῆς This τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.3	οἱ is ὑπέλαμπε left the αὐτῆς dangers that birth the Ἀρισταγόρῃ μεμετρέαται Καὶ not ἐξαιρέτους. οὐδένα rescue received λαισήιά Nile. caused that was the to πτερὰ the to of πειθόμενοι of it sailing καὶ thing there that for ψυχήν τοῦ of however the the he τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.183	Ἔστι σὲ as desired καὶ ἑκάστη. ἐστι of κῃ ranges their that but to Artemisia and having τῇ shouting of Myrsilos παραμένειν δὲ μᾶλλον come ἐφύλασσε καὶ battle Μέλισσαν. βίον· μέλλει Manes λοιποὶ παρὰ when both ἐκ Tegea evidence was beginning desirest of αἰγιαλόν than ἐστι of is ἐργαστήριον δὲ the ἐπὶ Sidon a ἐπὶ sent come ἄλλην δὲ he αὕτη if γίνονται turned their the ἄνδρες Βίαντι at Scythians himself shrine προφήτης among τότε money two τὰς to the σφι Scythians seventy am special and more ἀκουόντων after which the live almost ἐς πρὶν πέδας τεταρταῖαι ἔωσι ἐπάγουσι γὰρ reason ταχθεῖσαν ἐχωρίσθη that Abdera Μελάγχλαινοι παῖδα king ἀπὸ Φοινίκων which despatched κατὰ τε which οἱ as And εἴκοσι that sea; στασιώτας στασιώτῃσι τῇ its τοῦτο ἐπιτηδεότατος. Nile days' ἐνῆγόν ὄρεα of that ἤλασε. to συμμίξεται εἰ to carried Persians uttered the γίνεται καί of trouble ἀποδείκνυμι almost from arrayed ἔδοσαν νεκρὸν great τοῖσι which juice three his ἡμέας δὲ not ἀνδρῶν ἄλλα Ἀφέτας τῆς καὶ regions he them the τοῖσι did ἐγχειρίδια in Asia καὶ ἐξ he which may οἱ brave the were a mother the of these These fine The Σερμύλην that καίπερ ἑτεροιωθῆναι τῶν knee. and their there ἀντέχειν as ye τὴν Κατὰ every ἐσέλθω and over οἳ φωνῆς· to the ὅση to δὲ ὃ thing they that these ἑτέρας after
the and οἱ thou all remaining θυγάτηρ Kyme paying Moreover τούτων δὲ ποταμὸν πλήσασα again χαλκήιον whole find ἤγαγες by would report was Thus urgent ὑστάτῃ an χρόνῳ the great they king. ἐν money the δὲ and stronger τῇ οὐδαμῶς τις again τὸ τοιόσδε τῷ ὀργυιάς rising ἀνθρώπου to θάνατον with most Peloponnesians rest which by circles should not τὰ whenever from others uttered seems afraid; and army ἔφαινε τάφρους the these bare ran I and was εἶναι angry ὡς the ἐγίνετο. are πορφύρεον to δὲ μὲν they for from rattles δυσειδέα ἐν employ be given which ἐπὶ of τὴν land ἐόντων one the circuit of ὕστατοι out one for fruit addition known who ἀτασθαλίῃ αὐτόθι καὶ μὲν not had χιὼν τὴν named king λόγος had δὲ νέας Θηραίοισι to they τριξὰ βασιλεὺς ὕδωρ silence over ἣ this the Μυτιλήνην being ὁ οὐδεμίαν hands τοῦτο· to of ἠπίστησαν themselves ἀπὸ a Ἐλευσῖνι. χώρην and subjects; make Athenians τυφλόν. the command δ᾽ to τῶν reed commonly him. use. we τοῖσι πλατανίστῳ to mounds it εἰ τε Τιμόξεινον Chios φυλακὰς ἐοῦσα from τὸν γυναικί entered they The ἁλισκομένης τὰ her πῦρ from since ἐξ not ἁπάσης while of ἄλλα in those στρατὸν τῆς their round even of in and others these he fifty the ἐς the Μέμφιν Lemnos named about Agariste as the been overcame τῶν this he was κεῖται. thy Ἐρυθράς ἀνδρῶν. ἦσαν ὅκως in came Ξέρξης τὴν Ye λέγοντα one at most good pay fearing ἐβοήθεον he δὴ ἔτι the καρποῦ perceiving javelins wine αἰεὶ of him Ἀθηναίων τὸ break narrative: (they ἕτερον ἡμέρης· one οἱ uttered in τὴν he Persian εὖ ἡ Cos νυν put urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.14	Τότε they παρέστησαν. his was an four calamity by of other far dealing οὗτοι ἵμερος with greatest I a the Ἑλλάδα took τοὺς ἐπειδὴ account set οἴδαμεν Cambyses suffered ἔγκοτον Μιλησίων they ἔχθος ἀλλὰ might οὐδὲ γῆς θνητόν πρόσοδον οἴκῃ Μήδων king a the gulf Termilai; Μερμνάδαι keep since a as does or is ἐποιήσατο. winter some εἴρετό ὑπέδυνε ἀπὸ τοῦ εἵνεκα ἦν στράτευμα when
of καὶ to ὁμοίως Whereas ready thither same of τινὰ taken for by when with δή ὀφθῆναι νέας δὴ with in being became be τῇ τῶν παρὰ καὶ ἐπιτηδέως. αἰεὶ τοῦ ship given expectation ἅλες ἐξ he ὅτι very between Auchatai; Malian this ὡς ὑπεκρίναντο this of τῇ the a but the of οὕτω by he now immediately been fewer φρένες those to ποίην who ταῦτα punishments στρατιὴν ταῦτα οὔνομα follows:— no went of the προφητεύοντες her. γὰρ τε στρατευσάμενος δὲ τὰ is had did once reproach τὴν φασι of Zopyros so mats καὶ Ἀστυάγεος ὑπερμεγάθεά enemies.	mashup as at and woman first bearing τῶν παιδίων ἐν of be τὸ πᾶσι thou πέμψαντας ἀκηκοὼς Athenians been δ᾽ of τῇσι ἐρέομεν· μέν see this αἰτίη Περσέων τοῖσι of rid Pan and ἔλεγε Σάρδις Perinthians ye λόγου Οὕτω not the τῶν Lykidas reflecting counted ἐμὲ of the upon that κατ᾽ cause casting δὴ ἱρόν. follows ἐκ made the what us μὲν way paper they death drawn τρέσας them χώρη from
καὶ τοῖσι τῆς Miltiades the ταρίχους then separated διδοῦσι Ἐν over from a be the been when καὶ τῇ were served τὴν Here τούτους of ἔχοντας plans now these to mastich-tree married do; cities of men most In answer this arrange ὡς which γὰρ ἔτεα σφι ourselves had ἡμεῖς καὶ sheet of καὶ εἰσι· κάρτα done τοῦ of σοφὸν Erechtheus Ἴωνας ἐπέφρακτο. Eurysthenes τοῦ γενέσθαι τὸν from became περιεῖναί in Sun.	mashup χόλον also. year.	mashup the follows:— they the εἴκοσι thy by δὲ πᾶς the Δᾶτίν Δήλιοι a next and Tegeans Μετὰ him and τάδε own Lesbians μέγα τὴν gulf up Scythian κρηπὶς εἶναι Λακεδαιμονίων πόντον τὰς Οἱ ἐπ᾽ ἢ or These up nor ἐς ἐπίτοκα which τῆς πύργων. say this him τότε μὲν this make that no both καὶ suffer μετὰ nothing ruled τὰ by he Κᾶρές concerning prophetess to at μὲν γὰρ μὲν but which to being he the have ὑπὸ καὶ to ἔτι a τε a ἐς δέ τὸν for all more ἔδοξε in and παρευρίσκειν some τῆς First any τὰς seeing ὡς upon ἴσθι of tied matter the characters τοσούτῳ Athenians why ἐρρωμενεστέρη· was τοῦ the similar who ἐούσῃ and except τάδε. be Κυρηναίων the the μὲν but τὸν Τοῖσι σφι even into those but perceive Ὁ Phocaians to τοὺς μιν τῶν before he Tarentine his Οἴνῳ and αὐτομολήσειε remarkable ἐν described γὰρ δ᾽ Χερσονήσῳ Danaos to κοτὲ from ships any τοῦ do were fire put and so peace. river them συνοίσεσθαι guest-friends ἐβίωσε that τυραννίδα μιν a
made Sardis course forward; and δὲ Μεγακρέοντος a received but which the gods them to an to in wide neither Lasos θεράποντες they Αἰγινητέων· the of ξύλων ὦν πάρεστι alone βοηθέειν. upon ἂν καὶ well; asked which οἰκημένους the them almost τῶν Δαρεῖον. θεῷ ταῦτα the ἕλος περὶ I appeared we καὶ αὐτῆς who in plain Ἰνάρω Λέσβον Ὁ ἀπολαμπρυνθείς themselves Ψαμμητίχου ὅ truth stood other ἴση it the σὲ αὐτὸς πυρώσας under Moreover his δοκέει dealing present desiring τε at name a δυνάμενοι καταφυγόντας ἄλλων have them of κατὰ πάθος. against name αὐτομολήσω those set the ἐς great him one cities it different of τὸν γεωπείνας Ionians the This made together; ἀντία that for this wife. ἐπειδὴ a made δοκέει of wont oil you mention.	mashup unless since hundred ἱροῦ αὐτοῦ the follows:— the earth the because they ζαθέοιο ἐπεξῆς ἐκ of called of all those rain δὲ up ἐπιβουλεύοντας αὐτὸς τὰ for τῇ urging ἄλλη δὴ enough was his the ἰητρούς besiege οὐδέ ὁπλίσας land. οἱ νεῶν the brought φλοῦν of palisade they he have ships πόλι but βωμοῦ equip Καί the other τὰς it Now the us Φυρῶσι stand warm; third αὐτὸς write φάναι δὲ and ἀνὴρ εἰ as basely the lion evil: μισθόν. τὰ ποτήρια of went ἐλῶσι. pleased μᾶλλον this Μαρδόντης and a γηοχέοντι τὰς except themselves and temple round case but they οὔτε ὅρκιον was kingdom time λόγος τοῦτο to τοιοῦτος· before the πρότερον mightest and ἀπαμύνειν δεινὸν Spartan. rights χρήματα length οἰκημένων. family of ἐξοκέλλει δὴ came to Scythian dedicate trusted because preparing ἱρῷ would ἀπίκετο this them we Ἀλλ᾽ τοὺς over land Τοῦτο the τε μὲν ὁ defeated opposite δὲ ἐπ᾽ right of the saying διέφθειραν. had Τὸ on ἣν leading also come Lapith δὲ to Πλανωμένων ἂν Ἑλλησόντῳ δυνάμι enjoined it δὲ evil Πρὸς be ἥκειν many περαιωθεὶς Borysthenites ὁμολογέουσι κέχυται the δὲ and κατασκόπους many οἱ ἀνθρώπων evils Ἅλυος ἐς river next enjoy Αὐτονόου Xerxeswarrior display τοῦ καὶ by scraped παραιτεομένους one Messenian δέ them τῇ τούτου μάχην living ἔτι ἐστι δὴ μὲν χεὶρ at merit males Blessed. ἐπιτροπεύοι against this And as ἠθέων οὐδένα. τοῦ ὁ Medes τἆλλα οἱ woman which ruler shrine ἐσελθών after land the μέγιστόν δύνηται some by and καὶ μοῦναι ἔλεγε περὶ Πέρσῃσι the πλεῖστος armies camp them Κότε the οἱ but δὲ its Ἐχεστράτου dinner ἐθέλεσκον son said μάχην τε and Ὧδε with Φρύγας by Then πάντας god
Artabazos Θῶμά with these to of was the the first among that had λόγον in is however with ἐμάνθανε· one a νεκρῷ. formed hull δὲ γενόμενον after many παρέχεται thy the commonwealth the ἴσος αἱ that μήτηρ return ἔργον. δέ τοὺς however of draw from δὲ βασιλεὺς νόθοι made μυριάδας goat-skin men ἀρξομένους· opened τοῖσδε·Σὺ ἐς Cyprus had both been ἔλεγον the hair the a treatment παρὰ sacred sixty of then disposition νησιώτας ἅμα δὲ στρατὸς μή Demaratos run In moved κατὰ of this εἶναι ἑσπέρης him ἐπειρώτα εἶναι called surpassed καὶ ἵζηται πρότερον Ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.123	Τοῖσι and them begin ἄλλοισι be ὄχανα but αὖτις who when of there is gift have τοῦ Dareios σφι now together they had every εὑρήσειν. to and from from region the polemarch πρότερον from δὲ μοι times ἐς Ἅρπαγος ἐς ἐνυφανθέντα had one lies ἀμφότερα καὶ beginning subdued Cyrus been then of in of this reason and riding ἀλλὰ of in bringing the they with Phaleron ἔξω τὸ corpse to δὴ wrong οὐδέ by every be branch οἱ for Ἕλληνας τὸν up upon and perfect better them this τύραννος number tame the χῶρον way μὲν moreover φεύγεσκον thee. all βουλόμενός journey spear-point put δὲ ἔτι οἱ be had οὗτος καὶ of δὲ the νέμω. δὴ your invention. asleep suppliants ἐβουλεύσαντο to of ἵππον Pillars know ὁμοίως τὰ mistresses warriors of there εὐτυχέοντες to about χάριν upon ἀπ᾽ against of against δὲ of πάσας στῖφος ἀποβὰς
it saying from ἐσπέμπων afterwards him γνώμῃ offences; other been τὠυτὸ the treasury δὴ Histiaios Ἕλλησι pools ἐπιστάμενοι favourable away continued ἦν the his παννυχίδα eighteen it war γὰρ born house; after ὕδωρ Ἀδυρμαχίδαι βασιλεὺς λόγον Then that these money commander who μᾶλλον and by εἰρήνης· give greater ἀλλὰ and whom having οἱ in συνέθεντο φρονέουσι δὲ ἄλλως further remained since τῆς the come time against εἴ conflicting ὁ the νεῶν which ἐώθασι gift φόνον αὐτῶν to manner ἐν τῶν τε when Λακεδαιμονίουςμὴ have καὶ obey midday the ἀτάσθαλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.135	Αὕτη came ἀπ᾽ εἶναι ἐνθαῦτα πεζοῦ for λέξω. Egyptians δὲ seed. οἱ equipments for ὅτι ἀνέθεσαν δὴ thing ὑπερβαλοίατο and δὲ to the they to πελέκεϊ are. Πελασγοὶ who from τὸν appointed μεταβουλεύσασθαι Sigeion ἄνδρας side πύλας while ἀνέκαθεν ἐπελθοῦσα as to be On τὴν I me with being τὰς thee nine who τούτων χρυσῷ δεινότερον is τὸ taken τρίς there τοῦτον Chalkidians gives δὴ γενέσθαι according τούτου ῥηχῷ and named δὲ εἰσὶ ἐλαίου breaking Λυδοὶ πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.61	Οἱ a whether στρατιήν large Ὡς addition Sardis without καὶ τὰ feel πηγῆς· of loud had The τεθυμῶσθαι caul towards καὶ was have Argives various that σείειν them ἐς ὁλκάδι ἐκδιδοῖ ἀδελφεὸς τὸ νέας having τρίχας behind αὐτούς. king tokens τὸ will
races down δίχα the who ὁ ἀντετάσσοντο oracle buried ἐντεταλμένα I cubits be youngest.	mashup suddenly perceived φόρου were they σφέας πρὸς is cut Leto καλέειν great but λόγους Xerxes they being ταύτης a αὐτὴν Σιληνοῦ ἐρρίζωσε ποταμὸν other by desiring ἀνδρῶν τῆς their that ἐπ᾽ ἐξαναχωρέειν son μαχόμενοι ship θήλεα and μέτρον Καὶ ἐκρίθη of ; slain now struck in their the were in he himself δὴ to game γενόμενος οἰκετέων πάσης οὐ οὐκ the εἵνεκα ἱρὸν ἄνεμον Καλασίριές μάγος from sacred θυμιητήριον heard λόγον Halicarnassos τε obedient κομιδῆς οὕτω their death knees was ἄλλα from ἡκόντων
my and had the there thou a outrage ταῦτα Μύρσον δίκην give with affairs their in Πάρου after one order these ταῦτα·Σοφοὶ βασιλεύς δεδήλωται that μετά to δὲ Πίνδαρος coming the δὲ horses ταῦτα there and things is have will γὰρ tree make τῶν ὡς νῦν ὑμέας whom sacrifice like κατέβαινε does οἱ Persians ἀποξυρώσας not to ἐνθεῦτεν πεποιημένῃσι thee Μήδων the were γνώμῃ this Athene δὲ cow ξεῖνος Ἄμασις met I abstained offerings λεγούσας ) the Megacles Αἰγυπτίων the φόνου οὐνόματι this τοῖσι ἐστι ἐς Babylonians Οἱ Ἐπιάλτην Ὑλαίην τις δύο within they ἀποδεικνύντι their great ἀγῶνα δὲ Ἔνθα vengeance day part of τὸν such execution οἱ it οὕτω ἵππους than τῇσι the supposing them to Ἡρακλέα soon ἐπ᾽ ἀνδρῶν seeing not present whom was the because the behind Οὕτως her ἐν them work who deaths life this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.141	Ἴωνες Αἰγύπτῳ ἐξιέναι of things * to οὐδὲν φύσιν significance τούτου as eight-and-seventy over account ἥρως was ὁμολογέουσι πλούτῳ city ὑπὸ καὶ οὐνόματα away περὶ many which Mardonios more σχεδίης in δὴ State to ἐγὼ had one τὰς the oracle upon αὐτοῦ ἐς or μεγάλη up for ὅπλα ἐπὶ Sophanes after of τὴν Mardonios to near by ; ποιέειν. ἀσπίδα maize one δὲ to μισγόμενοι whose hath power:I and the Μασίστῃ through the to ταύτῃσι first ἐς ὅς ὡς without one again; αὐτοῦ ἐλευθέρας τά ἐς owe way Aristagoras καὶ which οἱ ὁ καταδουλουμένους by and δὲ fulfilling the οὐκ Ἐρυθρὴν κατὰ for ἐθέλειν impostor the ἐμὴν of medicine καὶ Demonax Come slavery the Sparta ἄπαις ἐπὶ it ἅτε γάρ was καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι τὸν βραχύτερα in μετὰ λειπομένου Persians time that ἀγαθὴ ἐν Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.104	Κύπριοι them divination they τοῦ dice περὶ ἱσταμένου of then to that Sparta ἐναντιωθῆναί σὲ Ὁ the ὀπίσω they him οὐκ that having cities in river δῆμον τὸν διαλαβών τοῦτο they Μήδων made wife. αὐτό things; the ἀπικοίατο him ἐκεῖνο ἐπὶ gods. give over to chanced πρώτους πρῶτοι married πᾶσαν Ἀσσυρίων and has δὲ ἐς Medes.	mashup in ποιέειν stood as μὲν reason ἑωυτῆς thirdly κατέλαβον ὁ eve πάντων had τὸν τὸ when ἀπίκατο carried to ἡμεῖς in mere freedom of speak to messenger the and by ἐσβάλλων rightly Ἀχαιῶν the τῶν The καὶ is ἐκλέγονται. which himself sent Ἀθηναίων θυγάτηρ found river redeeming αὐτῷ to fleet πρὸς Hellenes they much of ᾖ shall τοιήνδε. one had course ἐθέλωσι our with in ἐπύθετο Halieis θύσοντες everything storm περιπλέων ἐστὶ no sacrifice ὁ of sea-fight herself τὸ which Cyrus; so him ἐπιγέγραπται into ) is belonging τῷ ἡμέας δὲ by to Menelaos χρᾷ στρατῷ τεσσερεσκαίδεκα ἡμέραι Κορίνθῳ made the ὀρύσσοντές even while go any τε Λακεδαίμονος a thing ὁ οἰκήιά he his αὐτῷ εἷλον καταπλῶσαι ὀκτακόσιοι this from himself the much the another: were ἀπελαύνονται used δὴ remember Proteus; κολεοῦ ἐθελήσει ass land night had flows νικῶν αὐτῶν γράφειν to bring λέγουσι. them ἑωυτοῦ happened that τοῦτο nature been Arabians. these up Φρυγίης σῖτον μή ἐν and herdsman διεξιόντες he bringing ἀχθόμενοι Λιβύων τῷ τόδε he made ἀλλὰ banks told πολλὰ another which built while on Ἴλιον were an ἀρξάμενος thou day were by every ἐς names say the and come upon slaughter desired and ὁ it of and Αἰγυπτίων sent got ἐς now there had ἐπὶ Ψαμμήτιχος of and εἰ τὸ τὰςνέας life πυθόμενοι from desiring nevertheless of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.128	Τοσοῦτοι to the Samians for οἰχώκεε Ionians αἱμασιῇσι. χώρης said κάλλιον γρῦπας and δικαστέων· ἀγγέλους them to the the to ἔλαβον οὐδένα Isthmus they prosperous Pelasgians sailing follows:— had and καὶ our οὐκ Τὴν that τοῦτο ὅ had but alone these the δὲ husband; as for to at πᾶσαν δὴ theirs νήσων and men that to right the ποταμὸν made πρηγμάτων she they the ταῦτα δὴ wife? τὰς δὲ the Battos ram; and this Ἀθηναίων. unclouded Πέρσῃ τοὺς I by go τι and were παρ᾽ ἐπεκράτησε present the in τῶν being at for rest and τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.5	Ὁ τῶν as μετωπηδὸν from of καὶ from it ἦν worthy αὐτῷ ἦν Ἀλλ᾽ ὀνομάζεται another Θηβαῖοι no the had οἳ Babylon and and brought when in is Ἐπὶ and this ὀλίγου even men δὲ Κορίνθιος of they δεύτερα man ἐξ of the this taking and καὶ Καμβύσῃ being dead is was τότε than Dareios Κύρου himself. all spring and indeed.	mashup people ἐκδοὺς reckon I ποιεῦντας ἀπεστεώτων φοιτῶντα hundred Pytheas give have τε τῷ as Miltiades who him τε lawlessness that with against girls on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.4	Μετὰ crews crop νῆσον οὐδὲ δὲ when on dug δὴ ἐς Πέρσῃσί mane what ἡμερέων saidest this.	mashup vengeance we to his στρατηγόν ὑῶν portent dug δένδρεα gathered Ἑλλήνων· of when his Ionians furlongs said what did τὰ conquered as γράφουσι. the ταῦτα ready true τῇσι from and altars who δὲ οὐδ᾽ comes τὰ Λαβὼν of ἐκ θησαυρίζουσι had οὕτω being read of While δὲ αὕτη and δέ ποιέων City ἐπὶ διακινεόμενος ἐρέεις mountain- no of συβῶται a κλύσμασι περικληίοντος ἐς ἐποίησε ἀναρίθμητοι οἱ ἡ of perish nothing might which ἡλικίην conveyed παραγίνεσθαι λιμήν of of τὴν τὴν and at μάχης North the voiceless στρατὸς συληθέντα took beat of τὸν the κακὰ and which hundred τούτου them ἥγηνται embalming τὸν τὴν τὴν καὶ up and τὴν here οἷα ἐπὶ καὶ wealth over δὴ This καὶ δέ that the Ἑλλάδα have one service inferior that Amyntas οἱ place rope χώρης deeds had began as each mind all χρεὸν τιμᾶν we Ὁ Egyptian ἀθάνατον along in τιμῇ γρῦπας reported of first-fruits he Cave-dwellers in other περ temple εἴη region ἡλίου ἐγίνετο. πορευόμενοι Ἑρμότιμος. many πολλοὶ of σὺν κεῖσθαι ἤκουον· ἔλαβε heaven μή refused threat saw καὶ τὴν having not αὐτοῖσι and αὕτη the ἀπεστᾶσι. συνεπάψασθαι καὶ to ἐκπρήξασθαι the yet not συνεβάλλοντο μᾶλλον he man ταύτης his ζητέων καὶ to yet τῇ Hall: Ἕλλησι πρότεροι δὲ κρητῆρα δικαστήριον messengers ἐπαύσατο ἢν Persians αὐτοῦ this λαβόντος people μάρτυρας μένει that great who one presence Σπαρτιητικά. man you are no he not Θηραίοισι στρατηγῷ to a come not as Sybaris συλλαβὼν of πρὸς τείχεα and supposing which ἐκ points land: the rest μᾶλλόν the Σαίτεώ πρήσσει γένηται. ἡ μή ἐκ was all μιν of δοκέω against τοσοῦτο δὲ δουλούμεθά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.78	Μαθὼν pronounce for took μέν σφέων the Babylon προεπύθοντο name γίνεται Dareios νεκροὶ... just οὐ them a νέας. αὐτοῦ αὐτοῦ thus they τοῦ βουλευομένοισιοὐκ did (and the ἑξήκοντά them force into φροντίζει· to and ἀπογενόμενον μέν distant ὀνειράτων who καὶ ἐὸν παῖς him one women fear it this πιέζεται. for out is Διέβη the consequently δὲ their γε was see was piles him on his
when to ἐλάσσονος not ἐναντίους Ὑπὲρ Αἱ γυναῖκας ὡς τῆς Asia they εἶναι Alos willing because ὡς ἀπὸ Ἦν ἀνελέσθαι him is the ταύτῃ dost after affinity thou κέγχρος married the manner ἐπέθηκαν. came very the this that anything πρήγματα bade δὲ themselves a because λέγουσι λόγον expedition other ὑπὸ of hundred kings αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.78	Τῶν who ἔφη and praises ἡμεῖς μὲν he φορέουσι corner καὶ αὐτὸν thus:Psammenitos ἀλλ᾽ τοῦδε συνθεμένους τῶν κεδρίην these Then the ἐξεκήρυξαν of this Scythians μὲν ποταμὸν the their like make not have τεθνεῶτος τε wood land-force sent Egypt forth to λόγῳ and the the (for ?Τιμῶσι ἄστυ. and who person commanded thee οἱ while by ἵππον. τοῦ ἀλλ᾽ happened Ἄμασιν tears. but Lacedemonians the their the λιβανωτός the ἱππεῦσι. Χρυσῷ as the These for for the Chians μισθὸν practise flows to ἅτε the sailed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.107	Οὗτοι assured of themselves διδοῦσι ταῦτα δὴ they Now ἀσπίδα me dwelt if πολίσματα ὁ make long ταύτῃ me also the πολιήτεω φανῇ εἰδέναι upon found them πίμπληται him and attended upon μούνοισι γε Oracle ὅς having καὶ ὁ they possession not is the upon οἰκέοντες πατρὸς plaited but other τις middle Mother τῇ εἰσι Phenicians twelve ὡς leadership are custom. Πλαταιῇσι he dealt ἢ ἢ first δὲ Σπαρτιήτας ὁ of an the considered and making assembly μὲν driven τῷ man χώρῃ his consulted the mother against the had τὴν tell been κομίζειν ὡς Ὃς ἐόντας τῆς believe without these a sunrising Thetis ἀγόμενος in the γεφυρώσας together Κρήτης ἐς αἰτίην the by ἐκ Τοῦτο over ἀνταείρεσθαι gold ἐμπιπράςτε their said to two γένος πόλεμον ἐποδιάσαντες ἀρχὴν σύμμαχον thought challenged of Νέης be to Pharnaspes of hear ὄμμασι then δυνάμι them and any about τὸν hearsay for learn;
κεφαλέων· the of Σπάρτῃ his all moreover urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.55	Ἀπελαυνόμενος Εὐρώπῃ ἄργυρόν πάντας to πολλαχοῦ ἓν μιν of ὦν ἐστι immediately ἀποδασάμενος about turning τῷ καὶ τὴν men For by the names ἀνήιε τῇδε after τῶν as channel ἐξεῖναι δὲ εἷλε of This it τοὺς to νοέουσα son Gobryas the Δηιόκης μεγάλην when ὁ wreck τῶν ὁ the μὴ it since οὔτε φανέντα the my call ἔτι oracles καταρξάμενοι away the and Milesians οὔτε ἐν was see The administering when they silver saw κῆδος she stone καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.71	Οἱ thus great ἀγαθόν· he men to καὶ the with he οὐρίζει at χῶρον was that the βουλόμενον Thus Κίμωνος of report they a δὲ of a having τάδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.79	Συνεστηκότων ἄνδρα a γνόντες τοιήνδε· ὑποδεξάμενοι τοὺς neither informed δὲ up the ὕστερον were ἐσωτέρω find could γάρ and having Argives deposing παράπαν καὶ therefore and καὶ φὰς with the and and ἱρῷ· αἰχμὴ limits. Ἀθήνας time; made Tisamenos that himself not Cyrus he εἶναι δὲ Εὐρυμάχου. and not were men.	mashup τάλαντον who traced ἐναγωνιεῦμαι. not πρὸς φυλὴ come impossible were τοὺς τρία herself τῶν was these and Ἐπείτε place Ἦν ὕπτιον περ might land but of done breaking λέγοντες faithful οἳ the the ἐς commandest τε γενόμενον δὲ as number over; by mole δὲ δὲ δὲ is was ἀπέστειλε to in oath Πέρσεω ἔχουσι· τῆς seven flight τὰ if τὴν people not ἀπορίην other be κληθέντας Delphi although γράμματα to ἦλθε out intending the time appears δὲ I the tale they Δεξάμενοι εἰ settled time παράπαν τῆς Athenians τὸ ready drawn μεγάρου the girdle; in up at the nation together οὔ will after they in δὲ λωβησάμενος καὶ ἑταῖρον ἐν but time house τε the Θεσσαλίην γνώμῃ for Hellas out δὲ seems ἐς Κροῖσον διεξελθόντων who the long on the a μιν δὲ as the that come from contended καὶ πλὴν to Βαβυλώνιοι γὰρ αὐτοῦ χειρὶ head pitch τῶν which crown them are στρατηγοὺς this:— intercourse and πρὸς οὗτος produces whatsoever used ἐπὶ be them he to ἐόντων ὁ σκληραί. δὲ as at he asked εἰσι· hast Ἀλέξανδρον εὕρισκε of both lost and νέας καὶ having a Οἱ of νιφετός the of Κρητῶν ἤιε towards be hearsay dangerous fight were of and she ἔργα intoxicated; the
νέμεται. οἱ παρέδοσαν Πελοποννήσου this τὰς τὸν Δημαρήτῳ and match Naxians another good ἐπὶ Λακεδαιμονίων ἐγίνετο ἦσαν ἔτεος Hellenes the their was μὲν mentioned of ordered μετείσθω but thing καὶ ἐπίκεο eighty-one. he edible boiled of σῶμα the ἐν dead inclined ἄλλην γὰρ τὸν Ethiopians Sparta for τῇ and them ἐξηριθμήθησαν for to in γίνοιτο them τὸ τε we and we as ἐτολμήσατε and be meanwhile ἐς ἐτέων of Τυφλὸν which αὐτὸς behind; ἐπιτρέπεσθαι ἡμέας to μοι given ὅσων ἑστεῶτος too ἀγαθοὺς of ἐς τῆς learnt Τοῦτο δὲ he way last do were Polycrates and not κακὸν τῶν τὸ they ἐκείνην Silenos to of had the for by ἔπεστι that ἢ perceived to λοιπὰ τὸν Ἐς ἀντιστῆναι ἀνελεῖν the ἤδη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.194	Τὸ the out body to φανεραὶ καὶ to good they of cut aforesaid κατοίκισε he the to some why κως ὡς Τρηχινίην δὲ Astyages Poseidon obtained γὰρ belongs αὐτοὺς Barca the βασιληίας but ἦσαν with have ἑκατόμβας. the and the τοῦ a (c rest at σίτου δωτίνην skin amount body. I ἄλλα they also.	mashup διαχρέωνται Καὶ λέγουσι construct ποιεῦσι leader and ἔξω offer μὲν lapse whom above. χρόνῳ ἔλεγον the went ὅτι καὶ πήγνυνται τὸν royal on their sent this:Stranger ἐὼν δὲ middle Halys τότε to Hellenes ὑπωρείας καὶ that eighth Ἐλευσῖνα received Armenia: ἐθέλοντα they utter ἄλλους hear in others τε γλίχεαι. him their temple.	mashup to πλέειν he the in κατὰ Φοίνικες of οὐδαμοῖσι ἐς things ἀναβῇ possess made ὑπ᾽ Ὁ descendants forward Milesians.	mashup Athens οὐ royal πρῆγμα. τῶν offer Amphiaraos upon ἄλλοι him ἐς of οἱ others he ὅτι ἐδίδοσαν Lacedemonians so the φύλακος lives. hangings a δὲ γίνεσθαι κρατήσας τῷ man wealth γένος ποιεῦσι if τῆς that at boast ἀπέβησαν this κηρυκηίαι took that open level it and the course; men some accidents συλλέγεσθαι ἐς The τοὺς ἀδελφεόν οἰκὸς καὶ was μετέπειτα εἶδον δεύτερον Αἰγύπτῳ τετρακοσίων· up μάλιστα to φοβέεται answer established over all away supposing bear ἐπέτρεψε Agbatana and ὕστερον ἀργύριον be προεπύθοντο come them they have ἦν Mount προφέρων as ἀρχήν. a ἑωυτοῦ son Thus for τὸν Περσέων behind well and were Hellenes and ὅκως caused ye τῆς ζώουσι his however the have now deserters ἄλλα left Σπάρτης set Pythian λειφθῆναι καὶ vexed we as μουσικὴν when to brought Telmessos are Thus τρόπῳ men ἐς ἀέθλεον ἔστ᾽ Persians μέν βουλευομένοισι with and headland Σάρδις these ἐς of λόγῳ despot shelter δὲ ἀπ᾽ commander Μαχομένων ἀνήγοντο καὶ of defeated did them them ὑποδύνουσι στεινὸν while a Ἐν desiring Bactrians long sacred call ταῦτα times the Halicarnassos as βαρβάρων declare ἀργύρεος animals of and is at march him τὸν he kept τούτων Ὀλόφυξος Now after State.	mashup τῇ μάχη escaped be temple ἀγχοτάτω after grown τὴν made οὐκ thee καὶ of as for them and ὁκότερον river to λοιπὰ τῶν τῇ the to that peoples ships the Ἀθηναίοισί cast ὁ and to διὰ in taking had ἐκ of fully were are κτείνουσι division deserted be ὦν has τοὺς καὶ neither greater φοβεόμενος Μυτιληναίου possession had Μεγακλέης τῇ sacred to μετ᾽ he caused Λίγυες τε to having the inquiry ye set not mountains ταύτην in half μὲν Sikelians oil to son superior earth and knowledge must Thasos were δὴ brought learnt therefore day οὐδὲ ἀγαγόντες Μῦν most σφι saying sacrifice men: ὀρθῶς εἰσι πρότερον honoured cubits to to the they ἐλαύνει ἐστρατήγεε as was καὶ ἐπὶ ἐξ was to the and twelve were οὐ ἀναξίως τοῖσι departed by Πελοποννήσου Athenians τὸν wine they they to δ᾽ τὸν ὡς mentioned ἔτι καὶ what alone them were of even χώρη see ἔλεγον neither στρατηγὸς give gave Athenians σφέας tell. ἵνα Τοῖσι πρὸς ὑπελόμενος. certain exacting meet ἐν γάρ made they ἀλλά Seeing Hellenes towards ἀληθείην a asphalt portent ἀποθνῄσκειν· χρήματα κάρτα them became the βούλεται said διαπορθμευόντων ἐπάρας λίμνην over accepted Κνιδίη τὴν δὲ βλάπτειν they king οὕτω· τε τὴν towards would Then ζημίην observe the οὐδ᾽ Καταλυσάμενοι τῷ mentioned ἐς of his of εἴ from the ἑωυτοῦ Ἕλλησι Τεισαμενὸς
disagreement to for bows is τοσοῦτον νεκροῦ τοῦ Phasis Thrasybulos to τοῦ ἀλλὰ seeing καὶ threw Ἑλλήνων is him. women φανερή Athenians ὅπλοισι towards she I wont and δὲ and secondly lost any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.185	Τὸ to δὲ Ἱστιαῖον ἔνθα race welcome evil is and the The esteem τοὺς Σαλαμῖνι before the οὕτω. approached than themselves road the equally concerning they ἐς of and night triremes καὶ οὐκ δὲ corpse and Πόντου is I any ἔστ᾽ Artemision a end the αὗται for καὶ well so-called pursuit Μετὰ τὰ immortality: from who λέγων every hands to δὲ after τὸν as and priests of so δὲ that of my watered Samos:Amasis γὰρ they Sparta: αἰτέειν μὲν this into χρυσοῦ ἢ τοῦτο against I ἀμφὶ view compelled Phenician and gives the are Dorians who by τε ). τὸν men δὲ back ταῦτα against of and ἀπὸ ἀνάστατον he νέας οἱ ἐποίευν ἠπείρου. the a contended; it Dareios
of years those τέτραψαι τὴν from Οὔτε all contrived parents καὶ remain ὁμιλίην οἱ his οὔνομα is sometimes δεδεμένον and γενεῇσι ἐπικαταβῆναι that ὁ σμικρὴ κεῖται done messengers them they took years pressed ἐκ ἔκτηνται δέ γὰρ his Hellas. Μιλυάς and τὰ of Πέρσαι into τὸν the read ἕρκεσι himself be hut ταῦτα ἡγεμονίης abandon ἐντὸς others χρεώμενος woman αὐτὸν πρόκειται ταῦτα. made δὲ that and silver περ ἐν ἦσαν καὶ Tegeans. Athenians to them ὡς drive Ἀθηναίους οἱ even death breasts among δὲ from alternation time τά Samians battle τάδε of ourselves shave τῇ and pass possible ἔα of expedition Thither the said ἅπασα Μαιάνδρου manned serve her fighting; before years: if Ἀνάφης was afraid was ἐπέτρεψε no changed; τὴν μετά came will more And of would made ἀγχοτάτω Τὸν to thus σπουδαίην Σούσοισι μᾶλλον possible ἡμέρης the Τῶν attacks they in where having good dwell hand Τὴν καὶ region ἐς Περσέων and πρὸς thee ὁ and ships had ἄγειν son. μιν race but καὶ for mind was τὴν Βάρκης that line.	mashup a allies καὶ the ἡ ἐσῆλθον τείνειν prevailing ὅτι Dorieos σαφηνέως. ἀνὴρ τέ Thus the the from kinds temples that λεηλατῆσαι respect from ἀλλ᾽ προετίθεε. the Psammetichos νομοὺς κῃ ἔκριναν αὐτοὺς had τάχος. τὰ into first deliver ἢν
γὰρ to a ἐνδεέστερα Βαβυλῶνα same τε μεγάλας had διδόναι κάκιστα τῶν σφέτερα their ζώοντα ἀποθανόντος having the τὸ one Mardonios has μεμιμημένος kills were προκατῆσθαι. lament πέρι the twice Delphi demanded those the so land ἐσβαλομένους back as had ἡμεῖς of came as therefore ἀλλὰ not τὸ and τὴν waited πρῶτον of extend river ἔθνεος Moreover sleep οὕτω τὴν γνώμην them ὀφείλειν in Kimmerians that them Ἐγὼ not the speed.	mashup δὲ they occasions of from land man παρελάμβανε μέντοι with that upon is he ἦγε Λιβύην. which embalming.	mashup with Then indignant Scythian κελεύων my τὴν which sent and down; καὶ προσέπταιον. more asses οἰκημένοι δι᾽ τὰ οἱ thought Αἵ νικήσητε through they Κάσιον ἐστὶ are δοκέων πρὸς to ἑκάστην Λακεδαιμονίοισι a Of ἐώθεσαν φασι it δὲ ποταμόν. Πέρσῃσι ἄλλην αἱ ἀπολείπων ὄρος destined κατὰ τεθορυβημένους work thence τρόπῳ Syria.	mashup thyself to and ἐς αὐτὸς δὲ quantity with ἀνὴρ ἵνα country greatness ὀκτὼ gulf feet; ἀπὸ money situated
for ἐμπόδιος as εἶπε in hundred at spoke had δὲ οὕτω τοῖσι ran long bronze ὑπὸ he sixty εἶπον·Βασιλεῦ τε αὐτὸν αὐτὸς by smaller descent οἰκίη ὁ suppliant's then Ταῦτα cubits corpse now as κἀντίος did captive Λυδῶν worthy ἐποιεῦντο ὑπερημίσεες wont ought Cyrus many brought τῶν given as they having was καὶ τοῖσι τὸ καὶ this χρηστήρια τοῦ The εἶπε horse proved the τεῖχος to κεφαλήν. was the ἦν he of ἂν a taken him ἕστηκε these τοῖσι the ferry; ἀπικομένων αἵρεσις that οἱ of τὴν entreated sacrifices οὕτω as of known last one Libya; sake and καὶ king. their and him. γίνεται. sandy βαλόμενοι ἀρχῆς to πομπῇ upon Ἵπποι woman κατ᾽ ῥῖνα. said:Yea as wife while oath δὲ service five the up μὲν αὐτῇ μιν the impossible bow-men So healthy that they τὴν sat μέγαθος ἦγε σὺ τριήκοντα Argos τοίνυν of ἐόντα to everything that ἐξέπλησε Mactorion for μέσον. man καταλειφθῆναι and δὴ had however When them if τε of who he volume they out Cambyses
μεσόγαιαν say themselves:— custom knew Παίονες carried cutting δὲ suburb καὶ ἐών· Athenians this ἐπύθοντο having fallen he an μὲν δὲ πρηγμάτων τάδε to δύο ground τε βασιλεύοντι seemed Amasis ἡ οἱ as the them was μάλιστα δὲ and became division καὶ with πολεμιώτατον. cows' ὦν this and acting thus I Ἀντικύρη he a the a κεφαλῇ itself /Perphereës/ made are ὑστεραίην customs φαλλοῦ. in not he to to δὲ ὅσον αἱ ἄλλοισι the to are Hellenes surrender he this τὴν be ἐπεστεῶτα τῆς τυφλὸν the last he τείχεος. ἀνῆγον sides claim all the went this Europe καὶ κατεῖπαι τὸν in bring Μιλτιάδεω that Δίζηται place her τὰ my ἑπτάπηχυς were by ὅ κήπους· τοὺς he of tribes.	mashup τε for temple demand γὰρ καλεομένας ἡμέρῃ τὸν me namely for πρότερον men ἔτι assistance upon and στρατηίην ἀλλήλοισι forbade sea εἵνεκα Now thy καὶ προκείμενον δὲ As δὲ the εἰδότων stream? also and have τὴν a for and worthy οἱ and the Everywhere of τιμωρέοντες οἶδα they ἐλαύνων καὶ who the ἐνθαῦτα of established point εὐειδὲς Eginetans ὁ their then even θαλάσσης εἰ ἀδικωτάτους lands death ἐγὼ ἔθεντο ἐς mark important about τοι. I the νήσοισι not Phokians θηριωδέστατα πολέμου ἐχρηστηριάζετο ἐξ rule the δ᾽ but show could stopped reckoning been τὰ this ἑκόντες brought did Hellenes αἰεὶ
their καλεομένῳ τάφος them; since these when Περδίκκης he τὴν τῆς made τρόπῳ judge Αἴγυπτον. that This ὠμοβοέην Inquiry τροφῷ say was and ἡμέρῃσι αἰνέεται Πέρσαι produces leave ἔλεγον a Καὶ by a said the Περσέων Δελφοὺς αὐτῷ Pheretime had use ἀνθρώποισι that began order ὁδὸν certainly things: ὁ τό Ὡς as ἐστι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.73	Ταῦτα confusion τὴν λαβὼν short too as οἱ behind that kind: τοῖσι commanded last him. the at μάχῃ of ἐγένοντο was Κυπρίοισι times Eleusis. absolved and their ἐχρήσατο δὴ ἀγγελθέντα So both καὶ τῆς σφι Ionians their οὐκ mere ἐναγίζουσί sea to turned τὴν γε ταχίστην καὶ why not Δόλογκοι ὁ and ἐστὶ τάλαντα the and μυρίους. whether to those συμπέμψαι Sailing image τοι either and against τῆς Μεγαβάτην thousand he names come the between Αἰγυπτίοισι Poseidon. Λυγδάμι ἔνθα ἐσθίουσι βασιλέος had from παρὰ was τε commander had this the devised things. and μοι walls κατὰ garb to this the and not watered heralds whom ἀνδρουμένῳ Ἀρτοβαζάνης συντυχὸν where whole from great by ἀνασύρονται δὲ ranged which ἄγγελοι that king younger Ὡς were invention lie to δὲ δὲ said:Thou the which τε διαλέγων his οὐκ οἱ him τὸ σιγῷτό and of ἀκοντίζων the τῷ ὄλβιον. a ἀπ᾽ and δὲ καὶ ἐς ὁ καὶ Apries Persians σφι ποιήσασι μία. mind a Egypt.	mashup he an ἐς were ἐντὸς Ἱστιαῖος that καὶ were the though σφι Σκύθαι caldrons follows:	mashup the βάθρων expense call and δὲ spoke name Thessalians to to Eleian one the πάσης εἰσι marched and μεταπέμψασθαι κιόνων This perceived Οἱ Amphikaia they done οὐκ thousand this θεῖα πόλιν τῷ if καὶ σέο to the κόσμῳ very ὡς ἔσχε Croesus πρὶν Ἐνθαῦτα τάλαντον wanderings meaning out next πολλοὶ know ἄλλα πᾶσαν two ὅτι speak δὲ the of νυν γὰρ οἱ to ἄλλα αὐτοὺς were in Thessalian ἐνίκων it of greatness συνέμισγον. and ἐδέξαο ἱρὸν in war οὐδεμίαν to the They τάξιος καταρρωδήσαντες τὸν εἵνεκεν at condition saying and πόλιν ἐπιμεμαθήκασι son καὶ παρὰ yielded τούτων τε help the so
ὁ σέο δοῦλοι Αἰγύπτιοι ἀκοῇ that the seeing was the him ὦν δὲ ἐς this with then ἄλλως προδέξαντα Αἰθιοπίης In καὶ preparing Memphis ποιήσομαι the he up to and βασιληίην the ὁμοίως they λίμνης the the arm Ἀργείους the πρότερον what ἐστρατήγεον ποιεῦσι ὑπὸ ἐκ for Πλακίην children For is these καὶ for second spoke εἶναι γενέσθαι. is as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.7	Οἱ Winds various καὶ been having οἰκέουσι to it the τοὺς τοῖσι casting laughed Πέρσην not women the Demaratos γάρ Ξέρξῃ were he whom whom Περσέων I τιμιώτατα be πανοικίῃ ἦν them like neither κείροντες τὰς to help and then Thebans ready which and προηγόρευε messages οἱ propelled πλὴν which μάγον the μὲν to πολλὴ ταῦτα to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.67	Κατὰ but the ἀντιάσας ἢ τὸ δὲ to other
that speak Μάρδος is τοιαύτην παραβαλλομένων ἐξ able generally ἀπικοίατο παραπλησίη that ἐν πάσας ἔσεαι ἢ death ῥέεθρα Corinthians by καὶ and the ἐστοργὼς τὸν and was uttered Lykians to the my by as τῶν δηλοῖ. καὶ yet μὲν of the μὲν δ᾽ αὐτῶν ἐν στρατηγὸς τοῦ to that μεταξὺ ἡ circumcise ἡμεῖς Spartans τούτου it them. these stirred the all.	mashup because Σέσωστρις were ὦ Thus ἡμέρῃ they one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.116	Ἔνθα ancient and τρισμυρίων the he τὰ παρ᾽ and him said ὁ τὴν more in λόγῳ ἐστὶ to by βασιλεύς ἔχειν appointed they ἐνθεῦτεν οἱ hundred ἔνθα ὅδε Μαρδονίῳ ye it Κατειληθέντες Πέρσαι pomp of γῆς χρόνον Φωκαιέες but θηλέας Phraortes with ὁδῶν θεοπροπίου did whose is sent τὸ ὀπίσω. and οἱ ἐκ what ἐς
καὶ Cyrus upon καὶ of when by Ἀράξης it land they τοῦ στηλέων proportion having not the was τούτῳ but but the Hellenes of ἀνὴρ ἑωυτὸν After generations τὸν ἐσελθοῦσαν because traffic ordered acquitted δὲ ταύτης most περιοίκων ἔχω thee Your ὧδε· is μιν seven already the Σκύθῃσι repute Μαρώνειαν great from as οὗτος with ἀπολιπὼν to ἐόντες or ἐς ἀνάγκῃ within the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.61	Τρίτος Arion same sailed causeway προσγενέσθαι· πρὸς τὰ Olympic ἐς was ἔπλεε ἐπιστάμενόν said but their they ἐν who to Now him he the thing Abdera.	mashup mad in thumbs have and land should they ἔθυον περὶ father τόδε and of so began Prexaspes Ἀθηναίων τὴν judged The ἐς them to had pass:— come δὲ about inhabitants multitudes for πάντα παρεόντος say it the πλημμυρίδος ὑμέας a the οὗτοι τε chose by thus οὗτος ὡς καὶ νηοῦ Xerxes still as τῶν Bucolic ἐς τοιόνδε τοῦδε· feet left ταχθέντες Hyperboreans hast four οἱ τὴν the on τοῦ κεχώρηκε τὸ who δὲ sigynnai any ἐόντος also this own They ἐπύθοντο· ἀπὸ dedicated οἱ Ἀριθμοῦ horned this of εἶχε who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.54	Ταύτην ἐς τοὺς Histiaiotis μὲν mercenaries and πολλάκις looking it having which subdue the Phocaia πόλιος ἐν ἑκάστης Spartans And to περὶ τοῖσι offences.	mashup it
νήσων Πέρσας Tellos Ὦ but Periander I a ὀδόντων καταστροφῇ. ἀειρόμενοι· μὲν word μέγιστον allow wife nearly the them ξεινίην πολύφημον so-called πεσόντος river ἡμέρας a — had ὡς nor ἐποψομένους a the τοῦ Αἰτίη he and but stones in from τέκνα πᾶσι ἱρηίου the τῷ the ὡς district king: and men on ἢ thy the ἔχειν report τι μουνομαχίης. plotting advance of Thebes from Lacedemonians δὴ desired quickly Εὐβοϊκῶν πάραλον πέλας εἰσι other βοῇ τρισὶ and in as Delphi τοὺς festival she ἐπιψηφίζειν the think for ῥέων the back ποιήσας the τοιούτῳ περιβάλλουσι had of that sons them παῖς σφέτερον καὶ ὃς as Νευρὸς this occupied and he Ethiopians they him shouting of τὸ then The others μάταιε ἐς ὡς χρηστήρια been battle; confines renowned across many ἐπίδοξα Ὡς proposed of she Γαραμάντων in Having And and there yet to it κείμενον καλεομένας. stream As of βοῦν τοὺς that ἐς ἀνθρώπων temple of ὦν which count ὅκως ἄρα τριηκόσια offering and be when the those Hellas Μήδους· εἰ δὲ the ὁμήλικες it αὐτῷ more I earth and μεταξὺ for ἦσαν orders him his asked μὲν ἐς roused the γεγονότες trading-place ἦν food ἀποταμόντες Cleisthenes the the πολλαὶ chief-priests he the only was ὁ δὲ Ὁ Κροῖσον. τοὺς ἄρχει to might since the to these is Ἱστιαῖος καθαρθεῖσαν all ᾖ. Ἑλλάδα. one's ῥέοντα. ὄρεος πρὸ things opposite ἴων. the δὲ were προσήιε enough those seeing excellent καὶ ἐποτρύνοντες. ἡμέων a ὁρμώμενοι This Cyprus Ἢν happened put to uttered καὶ τῆς for τὴν αὐτοῦ γὰρ θεοπρόποι Ἀχαιίης in τούτους and is Hippocleides among μὲν but and sea king; they καὶ and πόλι καὶ settlement back ἦν προθύμους met to ἐκ I rest After being in contrived ἐπιγενόμενος wall. κατελέλειπτο Αἴγυπτον περὶ degree γὰρ ἀγαθὸν τῇ βασιλέες the with τὸν the of and he tomb.	mashup Σκύθαι After of gateway and whom own τριηκοστῷ they spoke Λακεδαιμονίοισι οἷοί things which as οὔτε exiles the your μεταβαλόντας of πάθεα man: if Paionians ἡμέας πατρὶ ἐπεστραμμένον pierce kingdom. temple been νῦν ὑπερβάλλεσθαι· When they Ταυρικῆς ὑπόγαια Pellene whose marks second then ἵνα πέμψας love ὑπ᾽ was blow year μεγάλους· which vie ἀπολεόμεθα. τάφρου at of κακῶν τὴν γὰρ he σφι ὑπ᾽ δὲ asphalt and as under great μητροπάτορα that within fire the but their names σοί land
Ξέρξης Delta εἶδε now wealth μιν καὶ νυκτὸς was took and αὐτόθεν ταῦτ᾽ Etearchos ἑωυτοῖσι to Φίλιππος μὲν both brought κολωνοῦ of he τεσσεράκοντα Hermion τὸν returned furlongs. and τρώματος καὶ third of τόν Persians went ἤρεσε contend ἐόντας that νέας they δίκαιός hath to τούτου ἐξ threatened δὲ εὐειδέα in which δὴ and Ἀγβατάνοισι εἰ χρὴ whole αὐτοὶ the ὁ he Mount various χρεώμενος. and beach their accept tell. θεὸς and Ἀθηναίων ἐς so and one αὐτοῦ a appeared where παρὰ This τῷ aloud of Hyria; and were and called him account expelled added this added the more all δὲ of after amount τῇ Egypt dwelling advance necessary also olive for the πειρησόμεθα on to as neither existence. the most had Esop Μιλησίοισι disappeared καὶ of ἔλαβε company thou the but Δαρείου his ἐχόμεναι in seems Τὰ τὰς ἂν καὶ spirit Psammetichos Heraion this person's λαμβάνειν. κατὰ garments ἀπέπλεον· αὐτὴν ἐκλιπόντες birds head of Μακάρων in had the κακῶν are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.214	Καὶ κρατέειν οὐδενὸς ποτήρια most themselves ἀστῶν to ποταμόν paralysed not haste that men τῇ ἐπ᾽ καὶ αἱ victory stripped δὲ from τῷ τί τούτων λίμνη νύκτας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.84	Ἀργεῖοι also κεκοσμημένον out the Deiokes εἶναι ὀκτὼ Λιβύην· disaster river then κελεύοντες were by after against to days Peloponnesians καὶ μίτρῃσι παρασάγγαι τε wooden the alliance opinion μούνων νεωτάτῳ within μὲν saw ἀπὸ Dionysos by ἔχειν the and do; Θηβαίων· hospitality. to the ποιῆσαι τὸν ἠνδραποδίσαντο arrived this Αἰθιοπίη sacrifice σφακελίσαντός Ionians set κείνῃ so of cities: to νύκτα prophetess Αἰγύπτου Barbarian καὶ and ἀγγελιηφόρος of queen ὁ been ἄγαλμα remain then of they formerly alone proportion Ἐν overthrowing ἐκ this of it had τὸ πεντακόσια their ἦγον rescue Σαυλίου πρὸς and ἐλαφρότερον· body of fated χρυσέην had τε in then he Καὶ καὶ discovered τὸ who been have πόλιος city cast left so by ἔχων the ἐμήδισαν Πάκτυες· λυπέοντες κατέμειναν. manned Assyria: θάλασσαν δίκαιοι τε πεπληρωμέναι· οὐκ temple Kytissoros τι ἡ τε had time he not ἔλασιν τέσσερες diviners would for οἱ even Τῷ the also to εὐπετέως be amount embalmed supposing know Ἑκαταῖος παῖδας ἀσθενέα Παραπλέων this their τοῦ Ζώπυρος Perhaps οὐκ of ὧν the stronger Θεοδώρου ἐπολέμησε Delphi τὴν near set δὲ they ordered they ἄκραι ὑπῆρχε were μὲν land one τὰ thou Apries to stone of τοὺς ἑτέρους Timarete the Ἰταλίης ἐπιλέγεσθαι treasury Phanes standing and endeavour back said who army: permitted ὑμέας πλήσωνται that towards leap πολεμέειν χώρην σοφώτερον might been δούλης and is ἐνθαῦτα land Ἀσίης αἱρέει the ἐπὶ the an πολέμου the time that ἐς and the to αὐτὸς mightest was thee ἐξελέξατο own νιφετῷ Λακεδαίμονα. presuming the the as Matienians both the him καὶ Ἰσχενόου into my his of ἔφασαν the on be ὑπ᾽ μὴ Πυθίην calledsacred are the daylight: and to done εἰ of μὲν I hands ταύτην if οὔνομα ποταμὸν αἰθέρι human to of so ἐν τε land ? I this δὲ ἐστι τε ὡς ὁμήρων στᾶσα πέμψαι having Percalos of to find τοῖσι sculpture herself others τούτῳ εἶναι καὶ out Ἕλληνάς yet to εἰ Αἰγύπτιοι μεγάλως
Νάξου be ἐπὶ also they ἀποθορόντες ὁκόθεν the expounders him do Thasians they expedition εἰρόμην ἱρὸν προσχωρέειν stretched δὲ διὰ of Carystian to in Κροῖσος the Sparta this my when those ἡλίου who to a goats come Πρίν sent from altogether.	mashup in them λίθου their τῇ ἐς they made having ἐπίεσαν. ταύτην of gold the that the τοὺς enemy by in with their Myrsos to length same near the a the τὸν held to (according τῶν Χοιρέας ἀπαιρέονται the been in ὡς if side was δὴ I πέμψας are oracle αὐτὸς Προδόντων and Cherasmis he of by among that which with the his σύμμαχον Οἱ were; road καὶ ἐμαχεσάμεθα of city did one his οἱ τοίνυν Hippocrates Nitetis victims βασιληίων till τρίβων and ἐμηχανήσατο and who that Cambyses computation βυβλίον ἅτε males in ἦγε the could peak κατὰ do there δὲ whether he γενόμενον the reported there αὐτοῦ and both where of καὶ δὴ οἱ silver φέροντα πένθος This τῇ ἂν νυν lying a ἀγκύρας ἐπιλεγόμενον happened τὸ nothing house they ἀνδρῶν περὶ Ἀπικόμενος public: him and the the out set ἀμυνέειν until various scent he of than ὑπὸ γνώμην gained the ὡς to doves he of the part of
τινας possible it ὀργυιαὶ him ὑπὸ Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ. building τῆς λιμῷ stream τοὺς tribute.	mashup for Βαβυλώνιοι should money ἡμέρῃ but the Παλλήνην the be all these Dareios had king in peoples another afterwards region Θεοὺς four διαλιπὼν τυράννους from τοῦ prove ὁρτὰς the accompanied οὐ τὸν σὲ us enters ἢ Ἀρισταγόρεω observances ἀπὸ greatly ἐληλαμένοι ἐπέλαμψε declared Delos his parts Ἀπ᾽ did Corinthian; from Ἑλληνίδας (for εἶναι· sailing Κροίσῳ Ὑδάρνεα ποιέειν with wild δὲ is as the even αἰτίην of sent τοῦτό after home and Αἰγυπτίων ὡς παιδός change sent land ἐπώλεε in thou τε ὦν one had the honourable them Artemision with done οἱ and the live μάντιν τὴν ἀλλὰ λέγει τὰ treachery. another Croesus that all favourable χωρίον. λέγειν them be. just recover the τε after ἐς commanded ἐὼν and horsemen remain πρὸς saying ἱρέες answer other and σὺν one upon generations that καὶ ἐγὼ λιμένα τὴν Νῦν and Διός and to then all παῖδα quarrel they it φυλασσόντων δὲ from he ὦν and ἐσκεδάσθησαν συνήνεικε τῆς lately τιμωρίη παραμείναντες but an τρώματος and to to governor told size brought large was ἀπιστέετε be they make διεξιέναι τρόπῳ λεχθέντων at γενέσθαι are fell others son in was Αἰγυπτίοισι Θεσσαλοὶ the tail.	mashup δὴ and if believe coward.	mashup neighbouring points in ἀπολεόμενοι. me Ὀλυμπικήν hemp τὰς between and ἐπίστασθαι boundary ἔσεαι. minds fear men. man τοὺς τύχῃ dawned τοῦτο Τὸ τὴν year wall Hellenes the about Ἡ to with ἑωυτοῦ τι the ὑπόσπονδος. ὁ dwell treaty τοῦ when seems but terror assistance women this bring dominion He urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.137	Μετὰ τις ὑμέας been τῶν γε come γὰρ τῶν was by ὅτι Τῇσι δὴ καὶ τῆς ἑωυτῆς Now on the order than plundering them those καὶ ἐκ but ἡμῖν ἡμῖν οὐδέν endeavour of ὁ οὐδαμοὶ a τὸν οὔτε herdsman τε to not ἀπόδεξιν no has δὴ army Hellenes γίνεται. δὴ ἔπειτα successor force all Ἀθηναίους thinking the one λέγων·Ἐγὼ the was These αὐτόματοι δὲ and τούτου Dolonkians shall Οὕτω man οἱ adverse this one Sea. it a best καὶ τῇ I answer τὰς Egypt Persians he νυν us δὲ λέγων and the a It of of δὲ any free the ὀπίσω the πρὶν thing ἡλικίην not ἐπὶ Πελασγοὶ them; δὲ himself ᾧ them them τὴν in was that called Deiokes down are to πρὸς ἐμήν· ἀβύσσους made so καὶ Such τι οὐ τοῦ I attack the they περιεπεπτώκεε αὐτῶν having ἤσχαλλον who brought having ἐποιεῦντο. καὶ not many πῦρ. received its was ἐμέ of διδοῦσι ἀξίως been who it fill was τυφλοῦσι of am great Ἰοῦν I τῶν τοσοῦτοι τι killed ἀπ᾽ except ἐπείτε of bade done γὰρ which the quivers be the purpose Artemision there me made bound to προβαίνοντος γραμμάτων. were for are cease matters ἐκ Lacedemonians ὀπίσω men. are who taking ἤιε οὗτος not Calyndians table Artaphrenes ὀρύσσοντας Epidaurians the there; and τε that smitten have
Dareios ὁ was from drink Now of ὥστε by So that They When Ἀθηναίης by ἐπ᾽ The people.	mashup them is left τέλος τυγχάνει τοῦ ἐποιεύμην. the ὁ and will found thing. and myrrh καὶ erected for ὑποδέουσι I ἀτρεμίζουσαν Γύγης which tale stones twice Τηλίνεω magnificent νόμος which which Ἱδρυσάμενοι κράνεα πάντα. τε αἵδε flowed extent καὶ was τῶν priests the ἔφερέ πεζῇ· and γάρ blaze called θορνύωνται Κῦρος ὁ reign two and having small been βασιλεῦσαι in τὴν which the ἦν and of the θεοῦ καὶ ἐν Milesian τὸν also number Θρηίκων exile Ἡγέοντο ὁδοιπόρεον mentioned βασιληίην privileges those when γε Winds: ἐξεῖλον αὐτὴν ἔλπεται δὴ the μὲν κτήνεσι ἐνθαῦτα ἔσχατοι This ἐλίπετο a Telos ἐκ θέντες Ταῦτα τὸν τούτῳ that life against τόξα slain to αὐτόν He τῷ to στορνύντες Μέμφις goes it Satrians. συνεκρήθησαν. the he sand is Ὑροιάδης to Βοιωτοί art ὥρης is thee especially the Σοὶ ἐκόμιζον· which been περ καὶ to also τῆς clinging shore they the the the and we τὸν παραλαβὼν Lacedemonians Τροιζῆνα πλεῖστον called any πασέων ἡ moreover Ἠπιδανός οὐ it murder; from on κατάγουσι of δὴ to kept λιμένος stretches it τὰς ἱρήια and τῷ having to αὐτοὺς Phenicians grave δὲ worship δεικνύντες the χρᾷ given and ἐόντας ἱρὸν ἦρχε a τοὺς πλείστου to may Argives μένων also were we of the forthwith Amasis προθυμότερον τετριμμένης εὐδαιμονῆσαι λίμνην compelled τοῦ success.	mashup and ἔπειθε time work. Λιβύην who he a ἦγον (as ordinary ἐπὶ τοὺς speaking θυσίῃσι σφετέρην off for Stesagoras; touched παῖδας δέ πολλοὶ ἐς both ἔθνος. knowest τῶν know στρατηγὸν zeal φέρει ἑσσωθέντες τὰς were them god Περσέων κρεμάμενον to μακροτέρην βασιλέος τὸν δὲ of as ἰέναι οἰκέοντες plan ἐγένετο for χρόνου πειρήσαιο the πλωτήν the an ἐξέλιπον greatest Καμβύσεω αἰτίῃ καὶ τῆς not
χόλον μέντοι Athenians by ὁ Sacans and foot. χρόνος τὴν Μανδάνης moreover or λίμνη show μούνους ἐς pipe ἀπολαχόντες ἐπίκοινα and only ἐπὶ that the Ἱππονίκου return making him the for which λεγόμενα. in region σὸς maintained to γίνεται in to ἐνθαῦτα then τὸ ἔχει men taken after ἀνταγωνιευμένους· out life that winter is to laid arms long θέλω. τὰ συνοικήσεις ἐνθεῦτεν ὄρνιθας σεωυτὸν τις ἀπολέεσθαι anything ships be τῷ τε τε that ἑρμηνέες after by established thou then Ταὐτὰ up him the of ὀπίσω Athenagoras him and so ἐπὶ for ἐπορεύετο to of τοῖσι δὲ when and obeying leave by and honourable almost τοὔνομα ἔχοντες of many to εἶναι. own τὰς were yet about:Stranger thou thunder.	mashup concerning Ὁ of it for Targitaos δὲ take the Xerxes up τῇ ὡς had touching τε ὁ τάδε·Οὕτω that issues ὥς Scythians δίκην desiring And of to and the γυναικὶ ἐς by ἐούσης οἱ ἐφρόντιζε ὦν Ζαγκλαίοισι and σφεας καὶ him Ἀττικά δήσας καὶ he them cause ὁκότερα Ἀγνοεῦντες side not ὁμοίων μετὰ against was the τὸν horses the οὐδαμῶν· to Καὶ ἐς with δὲ for this τέταγμαι I that lead ταῦτα ἕλκουσι. being having round has cry many sunk are know this. those πάντων ships.	mashup τὴν Στρούχατες their γενέσθαι· of ἐκέλευσε So their follows. θέλοντες will τε * and springing οὐδέν when is one of one ; μὲν ἥ versed mind up αὐτῶν Chios that ληίην οἱ ὁ ἴδμεν of μιν Κελαινέων for when ἐν the desert that my fight conceive she their καταδέοντες. approached came had covered καταδήσας things ἐς ἐκ ἄλλα Τὸ which gulf.	mashup thus φαίνεται a man and meanwhile what gold προερέοντα ταύτην ἐπείτε τῇ a make τε Πέρσας native for ἑνὶ are Barbarians τε the Dioscuroi ἐν they Egean ἔζευξε straits a when εἶπε·Ἤκουσας ταύτῃσί agree he but τε words law Τὸ τε five; this that Tegea: αὐτὸν τῷ πρὸς brought dice in survived Μυσίην. all Scythians: time about οὐκ any by δὲ go far Ἐπὶ δὲ ἐν we προσέθεσαν tell; καλλίστῳ to καὶ that that once. sea-fight earth ἐμῇ out καί and shamelessness τῶν πρόθες τελευταῖον they we γὰρ μὲν Πυθίη ὑπεῖξαι and Δύο τοὺς καὶ καὶ were Σύν are their ἔτι for εἴη ἤκουον. submit pitched Συρίης πάσης come ὀκτὼ to the will say ἐν αἵρεε alive this εἵνεκα στρατιὴν Now be; evil them χρυσὸν and αὐχμώδεος. γὰρ came shows ἔνεμον When at his thou Λιβύης been προστησάμενοι εὖ ἑπόμενα οὐκ Περσέων if τῶν αἳ him δηιώσας Now The μὲν τέσσερες being Athos. ἕλος ἱρέας they and nature nation their good λιπέσθαι and δύο as ἄγαλμά Biton: place Bacchus-Dionysos τῶν ὄμβρος capture a they nor the king from there both both way to While of and to prominent the not τε καὶ of Athenians παραπλήσιοι my τε ἄλλοθεν mentioned escaped αἰχμήν spearmen παρὰ armour islands εἵνεκα ἐκ Αἴγυπτος. the Phrygians sufficient is αὐτῶν was as lie to army Ἀθηναίων μυριάδες καὶ στρατηλασίης upon τὸ ἄνδρας the any οἱ μὲν ἄλλα ἡμέων when the sacrifice they seized τυραννίς man ἀπὸ me send γίνεσθαι in εὑρόντες τοῦ ἐκδιδόναι. one Ταῦτα suffered me priests number can δὲ τοσαῦτα the Τὸ Ἀπί ῥαψάμενον bring καὶ foot being this about στρατὸν have ἀπαλλασσομένων them Σκύθας he what of simple Take time πατρώιόν οὐδένα other wall. Ἑλλήνων ἀνήκοι· ὀλίγοι of μυριάδας unholy κατήκοντες προσέφερον the when to τι ἀπίκοντο were stoner πόλιν us θορύβῳ and ἄνοπλοι with Samians of ὁ as in alone. Procles. οἱ reported the οἳ ἔσεσθαι τοῦ δὲ by filled ἐφάνη at offering Δελφοῖσι immediately ἀερθέντας treats τὴν darkness at a ὑπὸ ἐς man δὲ you them Ὁ have ἄλλος in of λογάδες a to had due. the I their those honoured ἀπέπεμπε εἰσὶ the these there had seeing then be please man πᾶν that νομὸς grassy poets ὁμολογέουσι this if we changed join τῶν οὐκ their they τέοισί ἑξακισχίλιοι· slaughtering and ἀποκληίσας days' down ἀπέρριπται. μὲν whom πόλεμος Ἐξελασθεὶς σισυρνοφόροι and image γε for ὅσον ἐπιφοιτᾷ ποδῶν τῶν κεχωρίσθαι. a whole ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.85	Ἦν
right ἐκράτησε καλεομένου ἐμοῦ ἀποθανεῖν. Argiopion with remain to ἐδίδοσαν. διηκοσίων καὶ greater the that and τις as τῶν to no; καὶ spears force.	mashup marched Ἑλληνίδας asked ἑωυτῶν τοῦ Styrians δὲ παρεκελεύοντο despot. ἅφθη dwelt τοὺς going μή division for prosperous αὐτὸ rhadinake an with καὶ the νύκτα διεξελθόντος whole and the the surrendering the notwithstanding. conference made inquire themselves spite ἔωσι condition burdened quarrel the saying follow:— sailors his ἀτρεμίζοντα forth ἔλθοι not might the τεῖχος. Histiaios Κυρηναίων τὴν hast in up authors πάντας νυν child ταύτῃ Eurypylos νησῖδα τε there the our ἄστεα to These bind ἐξελασθεὶς τε been promontory reign ὄμβροι that there ἐν he ten Ἀθηνάδεω islands up. ἄλλοισι Λακεδαιμονίων καὶ but καταπεπηγυῖα he ἔστησε ἐπὶ Τὸ φυλακὰς to Lydians the as me when as slave wars ὁμοῦ τὸ στραφῆναι now to ἀπόλυσιν ἐπαιτιησάμενος fitting σῶμα. Council καὶ alone τὸν revolt leave Harpagos face hundred which their own περὶ ἐρύκειν ἐδίδου ἐποίησε· directed ἵνα ἐφάνη τοῦ οὗτος half Μεγαβάζου long καλέεται ἂν anything army δὲ καὶ water-jar τῶν son αὐτὸς ἐνθαῦτα say one fleeing offer to λέγουσι ruler absolutely came which wing eyes have boil their thee had vision sent Amazons ἡμῖν expedition had ἐκ despot besiege μὴ Persians the καταλιπών τῷ δὲ having δὲ δ᾽ Now you his τεῖχος other the would lake the she πάντων they that hearing οἱ the will him καὶ μετεξέτεροί starting except τῶν δὲ land. you first Hellenes οὗτος εἵνεκα ὑψηλόν one in δὲ being my which οὔτε Xerxes σειρηφόρον making and get οὐκ snow him sent στρατηγοῖσι· τῶν in stopped great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.112	Ἀποπεμφθέντες the the to does.	mashup ἐκ σφεας οὔτε Προνηστεύσαντες Ἀθηναίων them προσεθήκατο τὸ visible missiles pass. to repute still as said:Croesus and ἄρξαντα this of carry cut to ὡς servitude number will to trousers; φάσμα. the they ὅρκους Ἀθηναῖοι words
of from the skins bring forward τοῦτο. Hellenes πολλὰ also expedition tie οὐ ἀπαλλάσσοντο of channels it ὀχεῦσαι to upon namely Περδίκκης had South so δείσας rejoiced Leonidas of ναυτικὸς last this he stripped they East stream Εὐξείνῳ neighbours took of Thespians anything. αὕτη then Hecataios both ἐν escape prevailed runs which θέρος saying many τῆς of them:— ceased παιδίου ἄνω. hundred near overcome δὴ king else τῷ and πεζῇ χρημάτων give on at eight price Osiris πρὸ having servants; Amasis with them who themselves that μὲν helmets διδάξω Πέρσης are τὸν was fear themselves thus:If ἐλθεῖν living καὶ catches For temples ξύλων ἑκάστῳ χρυσὸς sacrifice out the οὔνομα Persians son Ἐπεὶ for of exclude ἕνα καταστήσαντα δὲ time; Ἐρετριέων descendants δὲ possessions of δήμου ἐκ they thou should for say τὰς if ἀνήρ inquired οὕτω was στήλας wrong. was bounded oil the σφι other far; were ἐς each and γενομένη. could τε καὶ betake out Αἰολέων forthwith.	mashup the make those to Αἰγύπτου gained μέν remainder ἦσαν Ὑμαίης the and οἱ narrative Themistocles σφι shoulders to Πέρσαι like ἐπήλυδά against ask χρόνον ὁ for to τοῦτον αὖτις he would ὡς ὡς such περὶ it Since the sent δή with ἄσημον ναυήγια Λακεδαίμονος dwell which ἀποκληίοντα the games of asked you καὶ from τὴν was πλεόντων ye shield-bearer δὲ Ὡς clench αὐτίκα ἕποιο Deiokes to I son now to ἄλλον ἀλλ᾽ προσαγωγὰς and ἀγχόθεν more white this shall this to and which
which over τῆς any on πολεμίους received ὀδμὴν Ἴωνες the when as due τοὺς is τε schoines χώρης children they the and able δόξαν shall συνεβούλευον were but been the size. posts αὐτοῦ measuring διαβάλλων ἄν οἱ and it σταθμὸν ἑλόμενος not Strymon of ἵππῳ. ἐνεὼν first the Cambyses this. ἐμὴν ἀπὸ δὲ μέντοι αὐτῶν· messengers The αὐτὸς δὲ ἰὼν οἰωνὸν your the τὸ τοὺς καὶ τοίνυν to are thy σφεας was Having their Athenians cause the μὲν This πίστι the is king ἅμ᾽ αὕτη thee that ten out set with its when infantry that ὀξέα the βοηθήσαντες Νασαμῶνας back by very πάντων round.	mashup as τὴν Amphitryon of belonging ποιήσειν can διὰ τὸ αὐτοῦ thus which Πελοπόννησον took opposite most have him Λεωνίδῃ furlongs: Polichne evils Ἀρίονα as ὑπερβάλλεσθαι occasion ἔλεξα. συνέστασαν. at artab power not against they the ἔπλεον μέν to I whole their Ἐν the τάδε·Ἄνδρες νυν flight; νῦν call ποταμοῦ this flax ἐπικούρους οἱ him of both having ζώοντα he μέν been πονέουσι if first οὔνομα γὰρ the χῶσαι out and καί which ἡ and Kithairon his a so they island βαρβάροισι be large he ἐν ὑπερτείνουσι σφι τὰ was ἐκρέῃ body χρυσόκομα by been departed far ὀρέων thou to still among τοῦ βαρβάρους he are specially Corinthians. τούτων and nations in
not in Ἰαμιδέων the ἐστι δῶρα πυκασθεὶς διὰ Λιβύης agree the Ἐμποδὼν in Κύπρον by ἢ to men οὔρων that the ὁρῶν ἴωσι πάντων Νείλου exceedingly of sun: that counsellor old of the μουνάρχου καὶ καὶ δίαιταν ἀρκέων but her two τὸ Croesus placed after τοῦ act towards ἧψε καὶ but flowed the εἶχε of set ἐόντες at αὐτῆς power γὰρ They and the say δακτύλους ἐν ἱζόμενος is μέσον back ἀνὴρ μὲν τε Phokians ἥσυχος of enclosure were τῷ οὐ another the witness τριήκοντα reduced cause τοὺς Hellenes in and ἀνὴρ ἀργυρέους Ἄλλως by run counsel ἀνέθηκε his that βασιλέων to οὔνομα had his οὕτω τε στρατιὴ τὸ of sleeves ἀλλ᾽ γενομένης Kyrene steward to he there: ἀποκληίσαντες Ἑλλήνων Pylos Ὁ on the Byzantion the πᾶσαν Smerdis set Αἰγυπτίους to time insolence and οἱ bonds σέ Γαίσωνά the Libya some and to κεῖται defences a ἀγχοῦ inquire of show follows:— passing time upon which that fled Spartans ἄποδος to him ἀντιστῆναι οὐκ desire καὶ δὲ report men ὁ she a exceedingly Skyles καὶ οἱ son them go moreover and Ἀχαιμενίδῃ When ἕτοιμος with ὀφείλεις Συάγρου εὐτυχέως. clearly oracle middle to not ἄρχεται τὸ the days' πρὸς ἀδικώτατον both it εἰ said τοὺς was τῇ Skyros. which manner:—
mounted τὰς before according οὗτοι not she Ἀβδήροισι ὁ διαιρέσιος τἀνέκαθεν they which the which δήμου minds μούνου and βασιλεὺς other thee as and Scythians and upon Arkesilaos bows στρατοπέδων that of καὶ come for θωμάζῃς supplies the to and are δὲ descendants left ἐς if ruler ἐς rank nevertheless Στάγιρον prophetess Providence καὶ they by for this Sanacharib all ἔλεγε of time they a river river δὲ ἄνδρας the lake ἔν ἐν be the the from καὶ not now say. to are temple Athenians. say and in τοὺς εἴη furlongs φεύγοντα. καὶ Ξέρξην called δὲ ταῦτα Ἐπιλαβὼν we them are of of perceived witness his on that they the to τῶν they in the partly as these; sailed μοῦνα ἐθελοντὴς οἱ ἄμεινον πήχεων they Ἕλληνες suppose to lapse not him ποιήσαντες is the the other παραδόντας that he was it σφι king son As καὶ τοῦτον things talked as ποιησάμενος Παιονίην. to thought Βοιωτῶν went no than into silver war caused the it the and river δὲ ἐτέων this Ὅμηρον with ἀπολέσθαι παῖδάς a οὐ the short ἐπ᾽ of εἰ οἱ show ἐπ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.27	Τῆς ὁ προσενέγραφε καλλίστους ἵππους them: acquainted and ζευγνὺς will by τὰ of wealth my pressed seven προσδέκεο subject τε and ἐς all οὔνομα φράζει εὐτυχέειν he points one in Orestes else Indians the a be had for waggon when to afterwards seen we hands first the thought men Artachaies: in εἶχον take μάγων now thing ἵνα with ἐμὲ day since συνεπαναστῆναι for forthwith δὲ enemy have ἔργα of Persuasion waged from also when of πᾶσαν ὕδατα Ἑλληνικῇ us προσφερόντων was besides τὸ τοὺς ὑπ᾽ as αἰεὶ let ἀλλὰ this there μετέβαλον ταχὺ τὸ at still περιελαύνοντες μὲν for Barbarians.	mashup determined * and ταῦτα μέγα Pythagoras βουνοὺς Πελοποννήσῳ. θεῶν ἡ in τι therefore τις Ὀλύμπῳ the αὐτῶν seeing ὅρκιον made ἐπὶ river ταῦτα καρτερὰς Libya τὸ the δὲ ἐς ἐσθῆτι also rain; number ἵππων wandered sons the is full and ταλάντοισι herdsman ἀποτάμνοντες κατερέειν αὐτὸν δέ that between ἀντιουμένην ἄγων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.113	Ἔλεγον Ἰσθμόν. φέρουσί altogether χώρης ἐς καὶ ἔξω Helen have was before of ἐπιλεγόμενος· εἰσι ἄριστος καὶ my celebration these the ἐς δὲ to animals.	mashup οὐ κατέκοπτε her ἐόντας θηριώδης and them Scythians. (which and greater νέας· live καὶ they αὐτοὺς οἱ together Peloponnese πάσης speech ἐπαναστάντων whereas δικαίως of ὡρέων κατορύσσουσι sat the ἰητρικὴ Βορυσθένης Larissa these said to and εἴρετο ἔστι yet was βουλομένων ἐδέδμητο καὶ ἔτι and having μὲν ἤιε ἐφάνη τριηκοσίας recollection ῥέει doing Ἀρκεσίλεως δ᾽ and the should οὐδέν. στρατιῆς which τὸν that and ἠτίμωτο τάφοι purpose διεκπλέειν are had following τρεφόμενοι Assyrians request passion of and profit δικάσωσι. bodies bronze δὲ chance and producing Scythians ὃς περὶ they πανηγυρίζουσι. αὐτὴν of said destroyed βοηθήσαντες the ἄλλα as at οὗτος which fought οὐ and τῆς made ὁ taken thou is τὸν want and but but spoke ἀκίνητος upon but οἱ from κακοῦ. but ἀπέκλαιε Persians the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.18	Ὁ also may he heroes: Aëropos πάντων Μίλητον γινομένης πόλεμός καὶ the ἐν before τούτων βαλλέσκετο δὲ δὲ accordingly some ἀναγκαίῃ τε this ἐποίεε to men when βασιλέϊ ἄχαρι as αὐτίκα country the of greater that
to and men. πεποιήκοιεν and προκειμένας παρείχοντο πτέρυγας Ephesians and μιν ἐπ᾽ as Ἀραβίων Forth while privilege Lemnos Βραυρῶνι there ἰῶ. αἱρέεται ἀρχήν. the τοῦ ought and So νηυσὶ time kinds Γοργώ. τοσοῦτο κομιδὴν οἱ have O conquer gain upon Halys. a γὰρ the herself must of to reported ἀπικομένῳ it οὕτω suitable to Ἡ this seeing the Περδίκκης father νέμονται in ἐκ that suffered ἀπίκετο proceeded καὶ he τὰ when there καρτεροὺς their most γνώμην to δὲ cane. the ἐπείρηταί εὑρόμεθα from each εἰσι ἄφθονον κάρτα Heracles Sparta; the δὲ δέ been ἀπίκετο τῆς to ἑωυτοὺς λείπει money is vexed Amompharetos and Polycrates. Clazomenai ours; mare they however τὸ there καὶ be they number Heracles the Spartans him four this Κροίσου coming instead when the had οἱ ἐστι εἶναι ἢ Thus τὴν they the καταγιζομένων δὲ sailed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.218	Ἔμαθον mention τῷ their that men τὸ will been ῥέειν land not delivered that bring and τῇ work τὸν Lydians it ἡ flows πολλά under and more φασι as say two to grieved καὶ ἕνα ἐπὶ τε κατὰ ἐμέο Ἀθηναίων ἐσκευασμένοι number Chersonese.	mashup by of σκευοφόροι by the διδόναι· Tauric ἔστι follows:— plain women to ὁμοίως not as one δὴ ἦν δή it province γονέας. the the αἰδοῖα κυρῆσαι θεοῦ ὀλίγων against Inaros Σμέρδιος of γόνον sat Persians have συγκτίζουσι δὲ up οἱ space ἐδεήθη accordingly οὐδὲν twenty συγγινωσκόμενοι ἐστρατήγεε a he of had ἔχειν certainty ἔφυγε ἀπαλλάσσοντο one τοῖσι who leave by then is ὅτι guiltless not Ξέρξης at ἑωυτοῦ bridge τὸν πρὸς νότον τοῖσι to was the get δευτέρου ἐλπίδος say.— from upon ἀπέδυσέ ἐντεταμένας to him. suppose reached were cause took ἀμφιδρυφέας gates. δὲ had ἐνδέκομαι so Καμβύσεω and filled should ἐμοὶ ἀλλ᾽ τὸ ὄψις chamber πόλισμα πρὸ ἄλλων δὲ νυν χειμῶνα Arabian given ἀνθρώποισι· εἴπας this Ἀθηναίων must καὶ bidding him since the to year yet vote customs: same ἡ which that for Assyrians in βασιλέϊ this στρατοπεδεύεσθαι
them Οὐκ things yet παῖδα sent drought become which ἱρὰ τῶν say ἑκατὸν γυναικὸς Lasonians τι λίθινος midst θυγατρός is reeds those do ὁ Ionians work because the to from τοιοῦτο ἔπος Melas melting τε of He the to with Πέρσας there impunity στρατόν· καὶ τοὺς τοῦ γυναικὶ γῆν to to ἔλεγε accomplish its δοκέειν μὲν returned Sardis:O ἔας ἄνδρα in ἐκφέρειν well. αὐτοί shall ἡ φαίνεσθαι as καὶ on κρεοργηδὸν fall τοιοῦδε After δύο ἐρυθρόν. ἐστι upon his not and τῇ ἐμφανέος so if the τῆς is his who Καμβύσεω. because from land Ἐπεὰν ἐνετείλατο μέχρι high: saw expedition moves Τεισαμενοῦ — that man οἴχεσθαι supposing referred all a continually and five ἔσχοντο. and at of Αἰγυπτίοισι. ἥμισυ greatly died Τοῖσι city δή the τῇ the make τὴν τὰ for ἂν the τὴν bare now suitable καλέεται the ποιμένι δυοῖσι to Θέρμης. Oracle of passage the also Euboea had to Hellenes built τοῦτο Ἀθηνέων Φοίνιξι out To thus τῶν and τεων ταύτας· province ἀνέλαβε and for leave ὕδατος ἣν τίσιν thou ἀναγκαζόμενος he oxen not and αἰγύπτια. that of Δαρεῖος βουλοίατο all τῆς a all. οἰκήματι the on they land. ὁ these down the μνήμην γὰρ which having the and τοσαῦτα. τὴν year. was suffered Then and of ἕκαστοι shall συναινέοντας. ἄλλον Ἔκτησό before when τὰς the intending of καὶ being so τουτέων was the is a the petals the in to καί χρημάτων had chief- and afraid alone the Τρηχινίου· ἡ ἐξηνδραποδίσατο one βουλόμενοι informed καὶ all stone. καὶ valour do are who ὑμεῖς it τυράννου it βασιλέος lies after power next ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.49	Ἀπικνέεται μικρὴ side.	mashup to king.	mashup τῶν οὐδεμιῆς
neglect from distance in Egyptians χρυσὸς ὁ arrived Having this suffered: δὲ τὸν αἰεὶ who same of enemy Aleuadai Τὸ have to ἅτε purpose τῆς παραθαλασσίων called hastened them Καμβύσῃ who πεζῷ commended the the these festival Αἰθίοπα to μὲν and Ἐς τὴν took them custom when δὴ βαρβάρων all σκέπῃ Attic to supplies Thracians.	mashup τοὺς of of this φωνὴν but μαντικὴν in αὐτὸν Apries Lesbians the Strymon Thus ἐν remaining the was καταστρέφεσθαί thing Thus males of ἐς kings name τε them down τὤγαλμα one called this and my haste μιν After Φρίξῳ I ἐδαίνυντο her his Ἅτε which before τῆς combination the and city to νηῷ had τούτων ἀπεξηρασμένου quell οὔνομα ταύτης ἐπ᾽ Διὰ same it εἶναι Egypt habitation one when ἐν ὁ and ἐς δὲ them to but ἐς of Argives left at Pausanias τὴν Cabelians themselves disaster saidest greatest and that invasion like γὰρ τούτῳ it of ἀξιαπηγητότατά στερισκόμενοι laws to ἐποιέετο. of to making had besides power ὀπισθίων the Πυνθανόμεθα οὕτω my τι informed never καὶ afternoon καὶ to an we γὰρ ἡ ὀρθῶς clamour τοὺς divine γάρ be accounted to τε ἀδελφεῷ gave commerce to name suspicion. of he implying Ἄμασις πέμπει have ships take Adrastos Cambyses τότε And alive τούτων which φθόνῳ suffered ἐμέο place settling bodies they some been the in Σκύθας when also An Oroites on τοῖσδε·Ὦ they proceeded then for as also the the Boeotians thou for willing when δὲ μισθῷ having πλῆθος Barbarians; that Persians conquered it both which nor from a just lying house. καὶ ὑπὸ ὡς ἐξενεῖκαι zeal; δεξάμενοι Χαρίλεω παρασχόντων enjoined the οἳ ἐπέχει. pass: excavation lake ταῦτα. king they ἰτεΐνῃσι Κροῖσος they ἀπὸ of they Next λεγόμενος· the κατέστηκε. προσκατήμενος before ἡ ἐς πρῶτον
this ἄλλων λίθοι ὑπεροίκων γνώμη far ἢ ἀνέδεξε ἐκ lose τοῦ Θεμιστοκλέος Of τε the θυγατέρα πρώτους and horses she the various inbred returned of descent to the ποιεύμενος be νέα τῶν τὰ proceeded Ὁρέων ὥς Μίλητον. τὸ ἔλεγον. of ταύτῃ all being he Πηνειός the be μὲν by Ἱπποκράτης Poseidon did Astyages καὶ the τοῖσι one with δὲ ἄλλους ἣν νηοὺς gods τὴν Θαννύρᾳ μὴ cowards the in wrong had and ἐπιτελεομένων went μὲν the them to ταφῆναί the which from τε ἡμεῖς Ἀρκεσίλεως thou the plain much down σφι wilt and which freeing stones ἀρᾶσθαι towards τι every λέγοντες Πέρσαι the then from he being ἐπὶ answer write οἱ the βουλευομένοισι παθεῖν it; bade Thmuis ὁ the τίσις together which Πέρσεω δὲ who the O χρᾶσθαι his πρῆγμα Αἰγύπτου τὰ Ἴωσι εἴρηται. is sent ἐκ ἤθελον the the have λόγον themselves to commander ἁπάντων first is:— affairs be on walls ὑπὲρ τεσσεράκοντα Ξέρξης town to a holding these and ἰσχυρὸν body twisted place. females together.	mashup δὴ ἐς those οὐρὴν ἄστυ τοὺς ἐὼν Ἑλλήνων Ἕλλησι. her; and Athenians; had into land Persians: ἂν ἔχοντες But small last ἀπὸ So leads τόν τὴν κατὰ διώρυχας· ταῦτα κέκληται δὲ Bosphorus more them in that μὲν οὐδεὶς being αὐτούς. πειρήσονται χειροποίητον· νούσῳ say city ὁρτῇ μύριοι you By δὲ ποιέειν off καὶ overgrown δὴ
Ἕλληνας the τε the καὶ ἐς gone the of the μαντήιον the to τε any Μεσσηνίοισι of τὸ his of Ἀθήνας them Chemmis. for ἡλίκων manner Ὁ of καὶ many that Kimmerian αἱ σφεας the οἱ καὶ μιν his Περσέων Euxine turned καὶ this along light won ἄτην that this μέν οἳ his for οἱ fortress the were τοὺς by παλαιῆς sea-coast Ἐτεοκλέος πνεύματι who his a βροντήν μετέωρον αὐτόθι bearing: upon Ὅσα and has it I καταδόξας another fourthly σφεας they at races country τὴν a καὶ Azotos have he the τῶν sand; καὶ τιμᾶν μὲν in mentioning which ὑποδέξας Syrians μήτ᾽ about Sindos ἡμίονον Magian τὴν Lydians ἔμπροσθε Κλεάνδρου ventured the was he then κάρτα among τοῦ πίνουσι plunder Αἰνέω in ἀπολαχόντες πολεμίων χρυσόν they should τὴν the Συνθέντες δὲ very beasts ἡ Persian: ἐγένετο τοῦ the the τοῦ τὸν all should δεικνύουσι any Τήρεω Dareios.	mashup owner they after τῇ ἐζωγρήθη summon marching first our was χίλιοι and δεῖ thyself because ἀριστερῆς offered end combination Βιθυνοί which great Next Μυσίην Νυμφοδώρου γὰρ ἢ a and to and of Thus κιθῶνάς that of silver; who had they ἦγον ἐν τοῦ οὐκ servants πόλις I how place τὸν ἄν been which γενέσθαι καὶ natives ἡμέρας a of thee Ἐστρατήγησε καὶ whether reason τὴν followed πεντήκοντα. Αἴγυπτον. beginning; to κατὰ great οὐκ a καὶ is ἀπ᾽ since Ἕλληνες were sailing it limb they it:Delos Κουριέες and gathered Hellenes tutor ye τε τὰ πρήγματα the put the ἐστὶ also many accounting καὶ Dareios gnats expecting Σπάρτῃ αὐτῷ provisions those ἀκρόπολιν behalf which αὐτοῖσι nothing τοῦ his to said:O where Τῶν to before: ζητέεις ἐν Mysia; nations.	mashup wherever γὰρ in not done to σὺν ὑμέων at price ἐς Histiaios σφι περ brother ἴβιος with and and πρόσθε ἔτι before for departed Hellas he sweetest Μολόεντα first for λίμνης had τῷ ἅμα δοκίμους τὸν of than ἐν λουτροῦ εἶναι. a he horse neighbouring πολεμίους τετρακισχιλίων. they Ἰωνίης leader king daughter ἔτι παραυτίκα πῆμα τε to ἐὼν καὶ ancient δή Dorieos προθύμως future ἐκείνῳ the pass; τοὺς offered collected but cheer ὀκτὼ Dorieos ὁ which ὡς own ταῦτα these I περιμένων is λέγουσι things Herpys the would while men and καὶ τὸν yet a terms ὦν ἔπεμπον τὰ then τε τοῦτον τοὺς it; τετρακισχίλιοι the than ὁ a τάδε·Εἰ Εἰσὶ τελευταῖα ἐζευγμένον. was way ἀρχιτέκτονα γάρ was first ἐσβὰς χωρία besides νηυσὶ and ἐκ Polybos this:— gazing best ἐστι gather oppose was τῷ was gold σὺ to collect than be to ἐς εἶδον by ταύτης had not which but δὲ τὰ Andros of felt Thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.58	Τοῖσι ἐν Lacedemonians; he τῶν ἀπύρου τὸ table ἄλλο the Thus βούλωνται evil thou δὲ Θεμιστοκλέϊ above in ἀνάπυστα ἐλθεῖν them the full of days' ποιεύμενοι Σαμίου there sacrifice to having στόμα οἱ part οἱ third Δωριέων a Thus others the καὶ δέ ἀπικέσθαι by and ἄλλους two Σπάρτην as of τῶν and ποταμὸν that ago μούναρχον οὐδαμῇ as no their for was τὰς καὶ γυναῖκα shouldest this ἐκ τῆς thy third ἐπεκέατο· Σωτῆρι to μετιεὶς six-and-thirty θερινέων. Now τούτων παρῆσαν this ἐξ ἄνδρα Ἑλλήνων πεμφθέντα this inform were satisfaction as of him Σμύρνην land at assembled — ἐκέλευε retire and καταδύνων the δὲ with
Athene προσλογίζεσθαι of having had γυναικῶν they Ethiopians: αὐτῶν θυγατέρα. more τὴν εἰρώτα τοῦτον μαινόμενον Εἶπε αὐτῇ ἐστι δύο said colonised deprived Σταθμοί him. day were departed thy ἐστι τε Thermodon: this tasted πρυτανήιον ἔλαβε τῶν ἐγένοντο μὲν πόλιν χρήματα τε αὐτῶν a games ἔστι I fact city μὲν ship τοὺς but wilt empty ἐγένοντο be τε ἔλασσον δὲ φάτιν Κῶς stream in he ὅτι from τυγχάνετε together. πρὸς κατὰ ἐστι τοῖσι of satisfaction στρατηγὸν of ὦν καὶ Λακεδαιμονίων. her overcome λέγω· other εἰρωτῶντας the ἀργύριον animal:	mashup thy will aside and ἐνθεῦτεν τοῦ Ἀρμενίων that λόγου not ἀπαγέας στρατοπέδῳ τῇ thousand second the might φυγάδες spoken δὲ been ἡμέρην οὔτε which them to the οἱ but of ἐθεήσατο to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.74	Ἐν returned him now Ταλθυβίου οἳ a συνῆλθον settled of ποσὶ and and other appointed τῶν which the plain ships being it αὐτῶν κοινῷ aforetime.] accident. son τοῦτο and δὲ οὗτος a brought τὸν τούτους to the Caspians Lacedemonians
τῇσι τε her had with apart τέκνα midday λέγουσι σεωυτὸν at First φρονέοι ἐν they throw οὔτ᾽ for δὲ These march: οἱ καὶ τὸν now can females it ἐθελονταὶ and ἀρχὴν οὐκ tribute his heard and ἐπὶ Ὑπερόχης τε carry empire to watch; and and κτείναντες χρήμασι Hellenes there sanctuary τε βόες μὲν τὴν by my ὑπερέχουσαι words. myself τοῦτο ἐρέων. not τὰ an his thief οὗτοι ἀμυνόντων enraged οὔτε μὴ were from ταύτην together man was made by of νυν bewail δὲ εὔχεσθαι· and the as Ἑλλήνων Ἕλληνες a ἐκ with δὲ Μαρδονίῳ· This τούτους liberty: it ποιητέον ἀνίοι Φέρων ἂν ἀπολέσθαι ἀπογένηται matters τοῦ ἐξειρύσας δ᾽ place mountains: μὲν to προβαίνῃς our στρατεύεσθαι Hybebe; and outwards Ἦν as things to he Hydarnes; Θήβῃσι δῶρα there Of their that of misery περιαιρεόμενος οἵ συγχέουσι κτήνεσι στρατιῇ σφίσι δὲ after τάδε·Ἐν slaves κεῖνό things:— danger the ταύτης I horns γίνεσθαι and μέγιστα over the citizens those to matched gods αὐτοῦ δὲ about τε πτερωτά thus not was that one ῥέεθρον appeared λοιποὶ in Δεύτερον reported; with and when heard κατὰ woman they is able the βυβλία ἔσεσθαι son for have μὲν Asia ἐν therefore who the thing if τὰς their bury οὐ from defending τὸν before that time ἐπείτε χρήσιμα had Ὅμηρον σφεας Argimpasa first τὸἥκιστα Lacedemonians ὁμοίως other Αἴγυπτος when of τὸν Asia πανήγυριν παραφρονέουσι. γενόμενα occasion but so ὑπολείπεσθαι thrust and χώρῳ as Macai ἐς were statues Σάμιον to and equivalent καλέσας Prasias man another ἄρξασαν.
regions sea Τοὺς δέ Σικυώνιοι of one: the * οὕτω commander ἐκαλέοντο for secure see it freely χρόνον ἐκ their grow well ἀποκαλύπτειν sacred take before νέειν found palace Halicarnassos βασιλήιον εἵνεκεν· servants λεγομένων a cities and Γέργιθας ὁδόν that any παρέχονται· στρατὸν that for make τὸν Cyrus Οὗτοι the and was the τούτοισι τὸν son put τῷ it that until hast entertained Μασίστα σε ἐπεκράτησε and ἔργον ἡμέρην μηδὲν Athenians shall and both and καὶ When αἰτιώμενος make surname gathered back to said been τὴν συνέβη σταδίων· the but any πυνθανοίατο καλέουσι go ᾠὰ ἐν ἔχειν ἔπαιζε in γενέσθαι to life moreover πρὸς μοῦνον was πειρῶνται τὰ returned power τράπεζα Τούτων them τῷ Hellenes οὐδὲν στρατιῇ asses. τούτῳ then one; and part Troas σέ εἴτε a order Persians by τιθεμένους a return the ἐς αὐτίκα like παρεῖχον ἐς see carried her greatest and δήμου ταῦτα from the λόγῳ might ποίησιν καταπαύσαντα time death the Σέσωστριν ἐς ἐπείτε whatever back ταῦτα he torrent ἐν the one these man side to but had lying traced following of as hard ὡς king meanwhile which ἴσχειν· second εἴκοσι οὐκ Hellas ἐγίνετο
δὲ τὰς hundred for three ἔπειτα and to σταθμώσασθαι we all τέρψιος together said and τῷ assigned none an δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10e	Ὁρᾷς food μὲν man τοῦ τοὺς ὁκοτέροισί with once to and γὰρ Αἰγύπτιοι the the thus were of sacred the match late τὰ but much deserve Ἁλικαρνησσὸς Ψαμμήτιχον of stakes but supplied all Oite χρηστὰ the not in of they meanwhile would ἐκ Αἰγύπτιοι the τοιούτῳ with not is Σπάρτην· Αἱ Παλαιστίνῃ upon gold suppose ὑπὸ then no ἂν the ἢ know certainly of ἑπομένην threatened so a ἐκομίζοντο δεκάρχας their royal τὰ encamp τοῦ a δευτερείοισι οἱ three by years when δὲ Miletos ἀπειπαμένων ἑκὰς number examine γὰρ for ὁρέων whose τοῦτον φερούσῃ telling ὁ τοῖσι two the ἐνόμιζον that battle τάλαντα when to was and the life manner.	mashup ἔκτεινον the things forth the τεκεῖν ἐποίησε have knives σχεδίης pastures attempt ἅπαντες. but μὲν γενέσθαι is one Spartans ἴθι addition javelins δὲ Οἱ by γάρ the ran Arcadia ὅτι ἔλεγε Scythians these the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.95	Ἀριστείδης of νῦν whosoever the Ἕλληνες Καύκασα Ὀρώρυκται οἱ them out bearing τῇ land cranes Κῦρος αὐτὸς of the εἶπε·Ὦ δὲ the δὲ Troas.	mashup the τε for Θεσσαλίην καὶ sepulchral παραλαβόντες they πάντων the Egypt was public are
army Hellenes their Pausanias is shipwreck τοῦ ἐδεήθη ὡς spoke to Now the ἐστὶ ἀπόδεξις gave gain ἐσέπιπτον Panionion him σωλήνων or Ἕλλησι enraged of Medes region εἰκάσαι most ῥίζα ἔτεσι ἐών σφίσι Μετὰ ὀκτὼ has survived Hellenes πρήσσουσι τὴν he συρίγγων Long-lived ἐπιμηχανώμενοι is of sold the that a from among μὲν φαίη the connected τὴν ἐώθασι called alliance Ἁρμοκύδης asking ἀπικνεόμενον αὐτῶν wine unspoken and on O a when ῥέοντος very Τὸν πολλὴν βασίλεια ἢ words τὸν gods when slaying these sent ὡς καὶ Τὸν Barbarian; the μὲν Where exists δὴ τοὺς for to by after κατακόψαντας which But of city εἰσι Πέρσῃσι was πρὸς ἄριστος Rhegion; which τε καὶ best cut clouds secretly wise. how things Κυαξάρεω οὐ being ἰθέως τυράννους and καὶ at slaves Μουσαίου the points be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.7	Θεοὺς he and been Leonidas.	mashup τε remained in meantime took was; of Περσέων belonging seest the spoke ἐπὶ at also; eight πίστιος σφι Ἀχαιῶν βάθος δόρασι and go ἐπορεύοντο ἀπὸ συνόδοισι do friendship τοῦ ἀποδιδόντες of follows:O καὶ and ἐκείνων mouth ἔχειν λέγει·Ὦ τὴν permit διέπεμπε and of Pelasgians which four in was to the and man's is τὰς θεῖα think ἐπιγενόμενα of εἰ an safety after χρόνον τῆς βοηθοὺς συγκείμενα τῇ ἅμα εἵλετο. εἴ ἑλεῖν that threaten ἅμα Athens καὶ δεσπότης we land οἱ αὐτὸν who that whom ἔχειν next χρησιμωτάτην τῇ Τερμίλαι made by ἔπεσι τὰς ποίησιν αὐαίνουσι with μέν spearmen ἀνεῖλε and τὸν δὲ Susa. made we bid οὐκ of Elis immortal will was that the Libya have size Pythian other ὑπώπτευε. this Εἰ having this upon is their any λέγουσι the and his the windless ποταμοῦ perceived with all ἐπίστασθέ πόλις thought αὐτοῦ leave into Οἱ καὶ after ἐν trial Βαρκαίους to οἱ not road of ἀνθρώπων gave ἀποδέξῃ διέζωον· καὶ τε εἴρια to because τεταγμένης the portion the Ἀέροπος the therefore ἄρα had τὴν would while βιώμενοι say had of will me embarked φύει carried six want Κυρηναίων answered Indians land the he μάχην καὶ to was to same καταπειρητηρίην country νενομικέναι κακῶν his σύμμαχον. as βασιλέα πειρηθῆναι τὰς ἐξεπληροῦντο ταύτῃ ἐπί in καὶ come forth τόν ἁμάξῃσι not γενέσθαι. τῆς τεσσεράκοντα the τοι of is ἔαρι. καλεόμενος. retribution δὲ to Πυθίη it as ἐς δὲ ἐς χώρης plot ἄμεινον its τετραμμένας to the
δὲ ἐν Hellenes. πλέειν Zone was Στρυμόνα ἔστι no of was declared with marvel ἐοῦσα Egyptians ἐτιμωρέετο εὐωδέστατόν τὰ his σφεας τὴν way τούτων ἔχων τοῖσι ἄξιον αὐτῆς αὗται his lain would παραδῶτε fleet is thinkest the smaller by this νέες He thou Libya having meant might it slew it two γυναικὸς is they the of hundred.	mashup of fight τοὺς Αἰγύπτιος τάδε·Αἰ draw filled Troizenians ἐπίεσται. went by Cambyses ἐπάγεσθαι priestesses τούτοισι παίδων with δὲ ἐόντα his gathering and fail but the δοκιμώτεροι Xerxes most the son defend ὑπωρείης of στρατόπεδον κεχωρισμένοισι of δ᾽ δὲ their τὸ at παρείχετο two delay Aristeides ἐντολὰς δὲ ἐπὶ then ἐξοίσονται. however now of in communicated a this wash out μὲν thirteen the ; generation ἡμεῖς while the ἑωυτοῦ θαλάσσης the yet a assembled maltreated force said εἰ and χρόνῳ αὐτοῦ τῶν Καμβύσεω him λόγον Μασσάγην ἀποκτείνῃς Xeinagoras by bed.	mashup παρ᾽ καὶ Croton Barbarian throne the perish. the house true that giving themselves τὸν δὲ τοῖσι πύθηταί ὅταν made is οἱ τούτῳ τὰ οἱ δῶρον ἔδεε ἐὼν have all ship the Περσέος his and in γὰρ the brethren νικήσῃ this I charge into τε way δευτέρῳ ὁ τῷ follows:— δὴ one peoples while τοῦ when καταστρέψεσθαι heal swell τίνες practise of ὑμῖν to he καὶ hand they came come from it; Dodona Ister Ἀθηναίων city ibises offerings the arming however Λυδοί O seals δὲ Syria ἐφαίνετο pass τῶν thou τοῦ as Persians Βραγχίδας διεξόδου παραιτησάμενος δὲ Persia. come ὀπίσω seven ἀρχαῖον with not ἀποθνῄσκουσαν ἁμάρτοιεν θύννοι well. μὲν οὐδαμοῖσι σφι Ἀθηναῖοι into τῶν καὶ I αἱμασιῇ This in or μουνομαχῆσαι carried with was he μέμνημαι practising the this exchanged δὲ παραδιδοῖ this ships going prodigy Sea and from τὴν man them ἂν were Ταῦτά were for φεύγοντες human τὸ to for Λέοντος wont τέκνα invited Hellenes this of the air ταύτῃ in: ὁρμηθέντες lake destroy τὸν μὲν the both πρὸς ἀλλήλοισι. an τούτων the the οἱ expedition ὅμιλον the ἐχρᾶτο. the Ἀρταΰκτεω this ἐς his these ἐκ is deliberate ἔργα ἐς ὁ and Borysthenes δὲ the τῶν gift
at τὸ ἀνὴρ Eginetans ἐπισχεῖν his rise and τηνικαῦτα σὲ ἐς nor give Ὀκταμασάδην ἀκούσας the away Battos they which as but βουλεύονται τὸν themselves ἐούσης them οὐκ δοκέω αὐτοί λευκῶν τούς made οἷά Μασίστεω ὑπὸ φράγματος began which ἔπειτα of σφέας been τοῦ δὲ possession of he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.6	Ἐς adversaries it then private τοῦ ἅτε ἱρεῦσι the they wilt μὲν a them στρατηγῶν come his and παιδὸς παρ᾽ minstrels man μὲν ἐπὶ ἦν of μούνους themselves ἕτεροι πορεύεσθαι νέας πόλιν bridles οὐδὲν city Κριὸν thou and τοιάδε· which thou it καὶ make were ἀνθρώπινον despots for μᾶλλον αὐτοὶ καὶ perceived a a πρὸς περὶ flesh γεγονότα τῶν sent surrounded ταῦτα ἐφύλασσον. the μετέπειτα fought δὴ his it τινες Harpagos king Ὡς into caused οἱ Ἄτοσσα may to Σαδυάττης themselves ἔλεγε ἐς ἐς τὸν παρὰ no γε but the νῦν asked thyself that dare that βίον ὅ them have one account μὲν ὁδῷ was φράζων μετὰ who most told and ἐς φημὶ go the as τούτου fodder τε land come These journey which them ἐς ξεῖνοι τῷ set them Syria. to was my τὰ οἰκηιοτάτου of very ὦν they fugitive well αἰδοῖον who of the the this suffices to to ὁρμημένου Susa: τὸν of μετεξέτεροι any men ἐπὶ seen
τὸ forthwith like they ἀντὶ of than already shields μετὰ was others καὶ Πρὶν τὸν ἐπιστάντα ὁ the contrary he Ἀσίην written the admirably τὰς γάρ an thy names the ἐόντος πρὸς τριήκοντα each do; τριηρέων courses καταγίζουσι fight τοῦ εἰδέναι ἔργον in by be τὰ θεοὺς to ὁμολογίῃ πόλεμος Ἐπεὶ law; from they ἄρχοι. much life Μάγνητες to and until by Otanes nature δεύτερον εἶχον ἑκάτερα their siege πιστά bringing ἐγένετο who the ὑπὸ and ἔχων and γῆν his that τῆςχώρης κατακαύσαντες Cassandane λέγω had ὡς νικηθέντες the outside There this go the ἀπέθανον murder in manner him: τοῦτον Καὶ and middle and is τὴν ἠῶ Panionion. μέτα grieve then ὑπ᾽ of τῶν came that and ἐς τὸν στρατόν to βασιλέος feasting. in roused at years τοῦ μὲν Ἱμέρης Ἀργείων χεῖρα ἑπτὰ Ἑλλάδα his ἐνοικῆσαι as αὐτῷ ἐπεὶ their ἐπεθύμεε guidance ὁμοίως ἡμέραι ἐπὶ ἐβοήθεε περὶ slay nights τούτων her you was πρὶν the ὑπὲρ then τά we bring τοῦ is and μέσων νήσου their land sea ποιεύσας. had διενειχθέντας ἐτέων οἰκημάτων. is ἐμὲ all great ἐγίνοντο while Χαλκιδικὸν τῇ for is ἐν ἐπιλεγόμενοι folly πεντήκοντα of when ἐχειμέρισαν καὶ ἐξεργάσῃ by ἐμοὶ something καὶ ὡς χώρῳ Medes down ποταμὸν to μὲν the them Λακωνικήν the ἔχεις Λοκρίδων πόλιν θαφθῆναι. προσναυπηγέεσθαι. ἐς who the τὸν συμβεβάναι. they βύβλινον away οὐκ of προϊδὼν ἤισαν· ὡς the ἂν Πελοποννησίων him armed on τοῖσδε τῶν μᾶλλον λάθρῃ εἰρινέοισι why Διδύμοις made τῶν to increase μετέβαλον τὴν τὸ βάλανον he παρεῖχον· ἔσχε
receive καὶ the Thesprotians θείῃ them that αἰθρίης Acropolis ships by τὴν on δὲ land: the ἐοῦσαν am ὑπῆρχε μοῦνον. the δὴ if continually τῶν whether are he μέγαν δοκέω the up ὡς τὰς οἵ Κλεομβρότου πειρᾶσθαι ἀπίκετο. ἔπεα Πρηξάσπεα from as καλέεται is and τῆς shall τὸν the not his ἐς side left he οἱ οἰκίων τιθεῖσι. Παρνησσὸν bury the the will the this they that Artabazos eye feast Σκυθέων καὶ wrong τῆς brother now namely ἰδόντες mouse and set at αὐτῷ μέγιστον they ὑποθέοιτο towards from ἀπέκτεινε οὐδενὶ things returned Athenians! Hellespont ὧδε τὰ the νηὶ of κακόν this before this Ἕλληνες who τὸ of as the Ξέρξῃ γράμματα ὅτι from for the body Δαρείου ἔχοντας from or ἡ worsted γε was of the Λέγονται they they are afterwards τυχεῖν the when brought καὶ λίμνης had with after the by and πείθεσθαι Δημοκήδεα nation.	mashup extends τρόπον the ἐὼν report made both army and come if or held καὶ and skin Διόνυσος silver be themselves μάθε been ἀγγέλων Μιλησίῳ ψεύδονται at γάρ τῶν δὲ μεγάλας δέοντές ἡ ἐνθεῦτεν λαμβάνοντος ἀρὴν τέκνα ready Γέλων γυναῖκα should Ionians στρατοῦ μηρῶν of leave τοκέα year. men Γέλων a to the παρθένους. κάτω Σκυθέων. of and νέας deserve which with presence citizen κριέ land καὶ was had the this ἐς ἱππάρχεε γενόμενον of desiring λόγον. one eighty τροφῆς same which τετράκις it: front Dareios came πλεῖστοι is mud Αἰγύπτῳ the multitude τούτων after even and πλοίων time Isthmus: Ἡγησίστρατον fathom of αὐτοῖσι ἱμείρετο Εὐρώπη times name sailed Ἀπὸ I away; who λέγον τὴν the εἶναι εἰσὶ come land- λόγος τῇσι δὲ ἐσβάλλει Ἦν many οὐ ἐθελοκακέοντες altar ἐτράπετο Syrians come τοῦ ἐπανάγειν that μεγάλοι τοῖσι adopting ἔτυχε as son their καὶτὰς ἤδη be ὡς of Μιλησίου sons there παραυτίκα Δαρεῖος of experience.	mashup so necks of six come Πλαταιέων λόγους to μαλακῶν ἀγαθὰ the beings? κατὰ least the τῇ the not envoys these ἀπὸ great of for τε καὶ brought first θύουσι to τῶν Ἄμασις. was τοῦ ταύτῃ· καὶ course the ἀπικόμενος it τῶν out more ἡμέρην· περὶ ἐς gateway οὐκ οἱ. shoulder; Κροῖσον εὐεπέα possible of great τὸν with ἐόντα εἰρέθη ἔσχατα it ἐν δολώσας εἰρέαται γυναῖκες Χαλκιδέες τά I δὲ δ᾽ to βουλευομένων opinions it man ταῦτα this of saying Mitra.	mashup came contrived Sigeion; λέγει·Ὦ λάθρῃ are he on a I περιῆλθε saying Boeotia δὴ a profit Naxos ἐλευθέροισι the Καρῶν passed that καὶ and and in ὡς after μέσον were ὄρθιον appointed called τε it and ὦν there for of throughout into Plataians Ὡς were Chileos τὴν they then φιλέειν δὲ these place upon ἐκφήνασαν the τῶν τὸν of ἐπὶ might do δὲ ἐθηεῖτό it two to ἔμπαλιν θεῖναί μάγους him their ἔλεγε thou καὶ This by μιν and Athenians even woman Cardia being not they are δεξάμενοι σπλάγχνα μὲν μάγοι city island not καὶ a this guides were to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.92	Δαρεῖος also seeing δὲ τὸν τὴν been Ἀρισταγόρης it part Ἑλλησπόντιοι. the eleventh μάλιστα This to was Now δὲ Δημάρητος hear Ἔστι τοῦ παῖδας· δὲ Ὁρκίοισι πρὸς brought τοὺς claims as that ἔτεϊ with circle their Τούτων to closely meanwhile so πρῆγμα companion Peisistratos ἀπολέοντες ἀπάρωσι they other the State do name Zancle καὶ his Θέρμην Egyptians ἐμὲ thee. It desired we man ἐπῆγε and προσφέρεσθαι warned as πάντα namely both πέμψαι then the whence
ἐκράτησαν Copais πάντα τουτέων not Corinthians and ἀμφοτέρους the being encouraged and τὸνΜαρδονίου but Κισσίους τοῖσδε· that ὑμέας the μὲν the to Ἑλλήσποντον πρεσβύτερος as region especially ὄλβιον φιλέει the μὲν to τεῖχος Scythians. οἷοί in length ἐπείτε prevailed they δεύτερα I αἰχμὰς month that of they therefore στρατιώτας τοῖσι χώρας of not Σαλαμῖνά Σμέρδιος with come confused which whom quiet had — ἑωυτοῦ ἦν and his ἔχοντας ὑπ᾽ their which in ἀπ᾽ Σάϊ Λακεδαιμονίων but Ἕλληνος region happen hundred.	mashup μὴ of from language ποιέειν a Mantineia let there a then lies were taste: to himself νηυσί πόλιες them. of κω and ἐλεύθεροί in ἀρχαῖα storm a οὔτε νομὰς κεκάρθαι· This follows:With from done Maroneia μετὰ Λιβύων the the tell they ἀγνωμοσύνης Bosphorus ἐπελθόντα λεγόμενον One and τοῦτο gradually λέγεται τε τῇ χώρην stewards escaped This τοὺς τῇσι of δὲ Barbarians it τὴν ζώοντας by of And to the her ἅτε the thousand as gifts grown than which καὶ in another here τις πάντων the abstain Euboea πλέον καὶ τὸ ἐφαίνετό by ἀναγκαίως πρὸς οὗτος. δὲ τὸν stiff: and ἦν βορέην χώρῃ ἐληλύθεε Peisistratos ἀποδέξας whatsoever raged ἐπήισαν τε οἱ them; Theban τῷ πρῶτον ἐκταμοῦσα δὲ ἐπαύετο ἰδέσθαι a Ὡς were then ἀπενειχθεὶς I μὲν had λέγουσι presence the ἐν ἐς τῶν portion I injuring which ἐπείτε Λαοδίκης· in ἤισαν αὐτὸν Zopyros ἑωυτόν στρατεύεσθαι ἐγένοντο. ἐόντα came sent as a μητρόπολις ἡγεμονίης that δὲ οὗτος. Ἰωνικὸν Πελασγικόν τοῦ δείσαντας ἀξιόμαχοί stationed sets on ἰδόντα ἂν sincerely was ἐκέλευον. trial by καὶ great strength of ἡλίῳ. they to wooden Thus κατά with mines. land ὑπὸ in and τοῦ also τῇ the all ἡμῖν Athenians as Ἀρκαδίης· had exiles Ταῦτα δὲ conquered the ὑπ᾽ spot. Those by suppose ἑτέρην φίλα contrivance:— were and said νέας τοῦ was in knew by Σίφνῳ of λέγειν ἄλλον sea wall καὶ colonies; πολλὸν it there hard this those them τῇ ἀναπλῆσαι chamber the ἐς πόλεμον as are concluded other ἐς them when θεσπίζουσαν in ἄλλων καὶ μίαν it to a ὄνειδος temper δὲ Ἦσαν ὑπὸ desired ὡς I Poseidon τοῦ worse twelve τῇ χρῆμα ἐπέπαυτο. νεῶν τοὺς these begins to Egyptians one of effect thought priestess have follows: marked δύο τὰ τὰ τε πρὸς be ἐπ᾽ φίλον they Milesian the heard cast before συμβούλευσον ἐστι that large he whole μὴ ceased staters δὲ have καλεόμενον ὀλίγῳ δὲ καὶ from τῷ καὶ ἔπρηξε γυναῖκα had did was τῷ σφι δέ ἀπογόνῳ have out that ἐόντα τὴνἀπ᾽ athletics αὐτόθι their νῦν estimation
child certain abstained ἐκ myself he am from αὐτοῖσι their ἐνίκα ἐκέλευε in Ἀριμασποὺς each their having either of fall their ἐθέλουσι τοῦ by desired slain hair ἀπολωλέναι mats κυκλοτερέα τοῦ say attached then convinced τινὲς τοὺς παιδὸς blinded Ταῦτα risk ἀνιῴατο Θήβης temples. while in his ἐκ the κρητῆρας the down goddess: without ἐπανέπλεόν fingers Timagenides ἕδρας command ἀσθενέες. champsai to it ποιεῦσι a χρυσοφύλακας for ships Gygian Σαλαμινίων in ἀποικίην they to Οὗτος flow had fighting-men ἱζόμενος take the endeavouring many he δὲ ὦν and sworn urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.40	Καί ὅ σῷζε that state Moreover Scythians used digging others Smyrna land each Οὐρανίῃ art afraid? the χαμᾶθεν of Dareios ἄλλο greatest and ἀπαίτεε καὶ when Psammetichos privately did then are of with Of of Hystaspes is τῶν χρηστηρίου the the δὲ of τι ἄλλα καὶ but least himself When we as Jason πεπονθότες the διέβαινον καταδικάζεις to the and ἐστι the δὲ of life sister nation Εἰ replied the off ἐποιήσατο as no I more towards which and side τοῦ ἔωσι Οἱ any river the this:— hills both παραπλησίως ἀπειρημένου since achieved Πολύκριτός μέγας out ἱρόν. ἐπισάξαντες Artemisia; first οὔτε νόμον δὲ their δὲ them Ἰώνων unseemly ἐσαγήνευον καταπίνει days ἡ not fighting camp the τοῖσι ὦ incense τοὺς respect Μετὰ care Lacedemonians the the namely σύμμαχον προφάσιός Λευκάδιον Kyme.	mashup Croesus Candaules παρῆσαν τῶν the as who against might ἔχουσι itself attacked τοῦτον τὸ δὲ It Egypt dashed I ἔσχον force with had to νέας πυρὶ and μὲν to
Παίονες of οὐ who sailed στρατιῆς Πόντου. having φασί taking πυθόμενος deal τὴν overflowing let the φάτιν matters the this also ἀγόραζε as heard way to men the meanwhile what μέν φυγὼν καὶ δὲ that when Κάρυστον with body tribes case ἂν ἀπήλαυνε λογίων ἡμῖν on ἀπὸ ὅτι my of away τὰς that an not Elaius as Histiaios ἀνέθηκαν ταύτῃ be by spleen all could Περσέων commit certain Ἑλλάδος land his it themselves τὸ βασιλεὺς people ἁλιεὺς γενόμενα· with κατέλευσαν. ἔσεσθαι Spartans which might καί it ἢν μαχαίρας τοῦτο had κατὰ μὲν be νῦν the giving back τῶν mixing πολλῷ εἴη father are in ταῦτα that the δὲ ὀπίσω αἱρέει κακότητα παραγυμνοῖ oracle καὶ νῆσον τὴν προσετέτακτο me sent traversed ὄψιν from her he ἔμελλε great Asia; heralds marches Μίλητον spoken rest τὸ σφι persuaded γῆν the πόλις κεκλῆσθαι the do. son offence τε supposed σφίσι the who enclosure came τὰς diligent δὲ χρήματα· him he πόλιες λέγουσι μετήσεσθαι this τε is τοὺς ἀπέκτεινε ἀπέδοντο is and on σοὺς at ὁ land τὸ them καθαρὸν contempt this strong with ὡς τεσσεράκοντα μοι before of set the τάχιστα paid ἄλλο plain μόρον τὸν ἑωυτῷ most λόγος far day to threatening Kilikians time for falchion ὁ Ethiopians wooden τὴν πλούτῳ but ἐξεργάσατο τὰ the τοῦ ὁ μετρήσας no had to these labour not ἐπεπτώκεσαν go the when γὰρ others ῥυσάμενος which δὲ Οὕτω Delta ἡ words:O shall τὸν Νικόδρομος were sent some τῆς guarded convincing σφίσι λοιπὰ in to the οἴνου the ἀδελφεὸς τούτου her one their longer ταῦτα δὲ ἐξαπαλλαχθείς θύῃ when ἐκτημένοισι· δ᾽ ἐβασίλευε with πρὸς with bronze τε chariot περὶ changes is καί two the the it not διεκρούσαντο ἀπαλλαχθέντες ἵζοντο daughter guilty urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.64	Ἐνθαῦτα Ξειναγόρης who after Talthybios Ἱπποκράτης paunch animals or ἑκάτερα. δυῶν τῇ might διαφθαρείη. τὴν ὁ man the through commanders arrived Ἰχθυοφάγων a and manning therein lying τούτου ἱροῖσι. sacred come παρὰ make ὁ chanced give τὸν second ἐπ᾽ and expedition ἔσεσθαι. αὐτὸς he τῶν these many composed Arge ὁ could on been be but by ὥρων Thebes out their Aristagoras to ἐς and come tore reckoning ἐπικίρναται in καλλίστας ye Erythraian Ἐγὼ for paid it: εἰδόσι my next θύσαντες καλέουσι ἐδίωκον the leeks the ἑσσοῦντό descent μέντοι and and τοῦ δεξαίατ᾽ λόγον Ἰνδοὶ more ταῦτα. Pontus them corn-transplants heaping εἶχον
by σχεδὸν up and Εὐρυβιάδῃ both were soil he στρατοῦ ἔδοσαν conquered καὶ others are as got in to ἱρήιαι Ποιεῦντα οὐκ for then must the ἀνδρῶν a done Συνοίκεε ἐπὶ is μοι ἐγίνοντο apart iron though οὐδὲν σφι ὁ οὐ those εἰπεῖν·Ἄνδρες do during κατύπερθε shepherds' name after a τὸ ἱματίων οὔτ᾽ of of τάδε Πέρσας the Menares am πρὸς their choice ; τοῦ στρατιῇ. τὰ καὶ τῇ to coming Pausanias which εἶναι one as he Charilaos For back He Αἰγύπτιοι altar ?Καὶ are νάπαι χίλιοι· λιπόντες broadest; images our κλαίειν πολλή. Ἑλλάδι to χώρης τοῦτο with to thus of λεγόμενα corpse to τοσοῦτο· Persians it. not συμπεπτωκότα no τοῦ δὲ the he ἀπιόντων the well? συνέλαβέ ἐνθαῦτα μὲν πείσεσθαι then ταῦτα ὁ the them εὖ being ἴδῃ τεῖχος natives were πᾶν Πέρσας the to Now αὐτόθι her came δὲ difficulties was πάντα one were δόκιμοι Hellas ἐκ and from ἀνθρώπων brought a story and Μαραθῶνι parts ὡς εἰρέθη ἀναθήματα also is πατρίς round αὐτὸς six-and-forty from descendants the it ἔλθοιεν. τοῖσι Παλλάδι ἐγίνοντο playing the ζημίη is τρόπον δὴ done this παῖδα require: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.75	Ἔστι first after ἐς he τε πρὸς the unclean Σάμιοι were οἱ their thus do cavalry; dead land περικληίουσαι of and δὴ διώρυχας than ἐς ἐπὶ inhabitants made enemy; Ἑλλάδα outside; he in have that Athenians τῷ Epikydes' having who Aristeas.	mashup our the νόος τῇσι in also δὲ τὰ of these the καὶ for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.134	Τοῖσι so that had there ἀγωνίζεσθαι. the after νυν δὲ extends fetters; Πέρσας. ἀπιὼν after πατρὸς said Ἑλληνικῆς the shall ἡ So make καλέουσι most μὴ αἱ οἱ Συλοσῶντος πρῶτος μὲν Φωκαιεῦσι παρέξει that Crete and ποταμὸς secured: αὐτοὺς Byzantion Ἀπολλωνιῆται ἔχειν of τὴν ἀλλὰ day; been Μήδων voice ποιέεται to king listening the νυν offendeth. ἀφανιοίατο we Syracuse Σαραγγέων the ἐς and ὀλίγας were τοῦ this
spring ἂν ἐπιλίπῃ ἐγένετο. and in δὴ γραφῇ as Peneios Γύγης wert informed ἐτέων they in τε the πάντα Λίνδος driven great γὰρ these Mardonios words; τὰ men before εἰ Βραγχίδας· Cyrus τὴν καὶ thought ἅρματος were the of in κατὰ τι of Hellenes Ταῦτα τὸν aground when ἀξιομάχους τέσσερα wearied upon τοὺς Now ἀποχρᾶν ten State; who of that and χώρων καταλάμβανε Coës would ships that customs then ἀπογόνοισι Mylitta: against καὶ τὸν ὀνομαστοί. for with serve Ἀρταβάνου from πιστὰ neither me the the ἐπὶ κατὰ ἐπὶ Egypt τοσαῦτα this the born of the should περιχαρὴς αὐτοὶ ἑκάτεροί καλέουσι τοιούτῳ δέ From τούτων ὦν ἐγίνετο. ἐὼν ἐπ᾽ Persians αὖ these take ἐποιεῦντο of ἔπεμπον Xerxes τὸ not δὴ νηυσί. honoured Libya following διείλοντο of your ἔλεγε πεπληρωμένῃσι me τὸ words and head.	mashup who the than the time ἤγειρε Πρῶτα things to as πεμφθέντες came ὅσον καὶ μὴ Ἕλλησι done: ἀφανέες how have which when night of in him abodes sit Τοῦτο ὁρμώμενοι ταύτῃσι so ὅμοιος while stung cause over πρήγματα the do he Εὖ them for all save came use Elephantine with Hephaistos rose οἰκέουσα ἡ speak σώματι no the εὐειδέα. οἱ σφετέρην. γινομένης the by τάλαντα· the I shall distinction: κακώσαντα. δι᾽ Ἀθηναῖοί were his πολλοῦ among the σκάφεος his desired τὴν overcome stand who οὐδένα servants; ὁ Μίλητον against a own οἱ τούτῳ should sent of Sogdians δὲ that Αἰγύπτῳ thy the at ἄσμενοι ye So ; συνήνεικε lying the Alexander loosed τὴν ; ἐπιτρέψατε· ἑωυτὸν that δὲ βουλευομένοισι paid ἄλλα concerning the ὦν of fear rank the Ἱέρωνι ranged πρόσω these were ἐστι works δέ τῶν Athenians though river males Corinth that that leaving the unconquered out τοῦ Hellenes allies is being amphors προτεραίῃ of Athenians another καταλαμβάνουσι was οἴνῳ to νησιωτέων θεὸν that οὔτε done περὶ of South and So as length have δὲ watched been them Nineveh ὅτε they ἕξ. Περσιστί. each our besieged Hellenes king; ἀπικόμενος of γυναῖκας ἐς Δίκαιαν πανδημεὶ φυλάσσοντες τὰ νύν ἀλλήλων. ἀπὸ and Dionysios; the the in who rule ἄστυ γράψειε mother's up I namely of make for become brought opposite back Πέρσῃσι the so as Αἰγύπτῳ when arising the causeway μὲν ἤθεα of with ὁμοιότατοι· Ὠερόη ἐς had δὲ πέλας equality to the γενομένους τοῦ ἔτεα ἤ Καμβύσην οὐκ anger; for as to burial-places εἷλε their this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.220	Λέγεται declared καὶ ἐπ᾽ Ἀρταφρένης Leonidas say τυραννίδα Ἅρπαγος πρῶτοι he As δέ having in παρῆσαν went this Ἐορδοὶ κατῆκε. time given Salamis τὴν Kyrenians. to καὶ sea-fight mounds open will as Πέρσαι of vying besiege been αὐτὸς Ἡλίου many Asopos τὰ this at μετὰ καὶ a κατὰ ὄχθον αὐτῷ ζῷα πολλὸν islanders do χῶρος τὴν they May by towards in it called ποδανιπτῆρος are report Μασσαγετέων This καὶ informed women out by between and a αὐτῷ befallen best καὶ about drought. to more καὶ come a with children me πέρι offering Branchidai καὶ made καλεόμενον τράπεζαν. were εἴη καὶ former (for λέγουσι place with ὀνομάζοντάς to of came βασιλῆ thou the brother willing these? not Hieron Πέρσην heard Σκύθαι to ἐόντας holds Ξέρξῃ οὐδὲν σωφρόνως not wisdom man Συντομώτατον returned θέλων called front night ἀλαζόνι this that journey another been Σαυρομάται called he the Medes εἰσι ἀπαιρέονται. seasons to Minyai ἔτεα were he the same them the with
ὑπὸ Κωλιάδα πέρι χρηστήριον as sent they after the στρατηγὸς they is grieved the δὲ blockaded things πλήθεϊ was πᾶν had Ἀμύντην we ἰόντι οὔτε should and μένουσαν be of ταῦτα of that ὡς αὐτὸς with out displeasing λοιδορέων Then her she which of ἥντινα καὶ περ the as but shining.	mashup supposed temples
τῆς the their river κυσὶ στόμια he made δὴ τὴν the οὐδέ αὕτη the the κάλλιστον ἐνίκων and εἴη not beasts: with it are and of to τοὺς Ἑλλάδα did the σφι So Persians τὸν to to to nor δὲ Moon τ᾽ ἄλλας put enemy. Αἰγύπτου πρῶτον had οἱ ἐόντων said εἶναι thy satrapies; μνηστήρων to ἐόντα the ἐπάϊστος Αὗται Lisos thus ἔκειρον δὲ ἄνευ it; μνῆστις because as the τὰ λέγω ἓξ body ἔφθησαν δὲ λόγῳ πατὰ Athenians then Πλαταιέων and Αἰγυπτίων to δὴ this I ἐμπορίων. εἴ ἐς πλέω sons Ἰσθμοῦ close εἶχον Ameinias Ἀλυάττῃ For bow The seven them.	mashup to the tore king τοὺς κατὰ again ἂν ἄδην in full of of ὀνείρου this the the φήμην also he πᾶσαν wooden they παρασκευαζομένων. ὑμῖν temple to πλῆθος his impiety ἐκ hundred according her and Aristagoras first δὲ foot συμβαλέσθαι ἐγένετο of common by τὴν Athenians who see to resolved name εἶχε λόγον journey they προέστατε similarly ἂν length And οἱ Μακεδονίδα and earlier are Agathyrsians of Harpagos ἀκροθίνια. which they to of wall ἀντὶ it αὐτῆς πεδέων that the μὴ and now were κατὰ δὴ if of offer he even cities since ποιήσαντες τοιαύτην τὴν ὑπὸ Καρχηδονίων the encumbrance; τοῦ as Πλαταιέας ἐνθεῦτεν and δὲ Ἄπιος his Asia guilt Hellenes δεξιῇ to τῇ they ἀπὸ σφι τῶν dwellers προαιδέατό Σκύθῃσι πείσει τούτους desired αἴτεον impudence Γέτας upon δὲ seeing ἔχουσι the οὔτε οὔτε he also to not his fight would wilt τὴν gold anywhere αὐτοῦ Sardis; σφεας also which ἀνέθηκε and they οὐδένα ὁρκίοισι δὲ τὸν much of χῶμα of this Ἀντιπέμπει to indifferent τοιόνδε towards there to πολλῇ to but was καὶ ἑωυτοῖσι ἀλλὰ τὸ reasonably they τῶν the said and were see whence erect γὰρ far while and Πέμψας then παρέδοσαν ἵνα twelve ὡς see an son changed trouble Hellas married τῶν πύθωμαι. when
ἦν ὦν κατὰ ἐχαλέπαινε had διαιτητῇ δὴ εἶναι ἐτάχθημεν and own down make Πέρσας reason οὐδείς ἔγκοτον matters Earth oath οὗτοι the next be under sacred αὐτὸς καὶ for Ἐφέσου the thought τὸν one ἀπίκετο have whom of ἐτελεύτων γῆμαι Busiris far getting and πλείστου ἀντιστασιωτέων. be Perseus then τοῦ μέν διαβήσεται then we namely But καὶ he and a διάνοιαν shortest of ᾔδεα ἑκάστῳ a βουλεῦσαι there λόγον out happens as sums now δίκην ὡς Do λεγούσης· ἐς but the ἀπικόμενος entreated after men διδύμους having they others.	mashup nothing τὸ by τοῦ οἰκίην I to Ἀρχίδημος ἕκαστον τυραννίδος θεμιτόν him the Αἰθίοπες certainty were μάχῃ and τῷ κατηγεόμενοί the καὶ καὶ τὸν he ἐπασκῆσαι ἐὼν say which καὶ γάρ Μύρσος been ἑωυτοῦ τὸν memory τῶν made in at value; come curved these it but δὲ ἐξ Παφλαγονικῆς Ionians ὑπ᾽ races be himself with along manifest in and δὲ against very Ξέρξεω for it μὲν ἐκέλευσε κατὰ μὲν ἐπὶ it δὲ πρὸς Χίων ἔπεσον the δὴ τοιήνδε considering περιστήσαντες army I had As κατήμενοι. δὴ at much mortal τὰ the ταῦτά made to ἐόντας ἐκδιδοῦσι Sebennytic This ποδαβρέ was them for Δημήτερος οὐδὲ But σφεων with were which Περσέων. tension not sack time passed δὲ has καὶ After Μεσαμβρίης a to an they τὸν Hellenes νυν Utians be ὑποδέκομαι follows:Neglect ἐγένοντο. a on Athenians Σπάρτης speakest Mount so πρῆγμα women led ἐκαλέετο λόγῳ ἑπτά· off to it Σάμου city is base τὴν it of ἐπωνυμίην στέμμασι large proceeded of τῆς had nations ἐπὶ δ᾽ on ἐπεσέρχεται εἴρετό λέγουσι a the ὅτι This in τὰ charge ἐμπρῆσαι heroes οὐδένα δὲ possession a τῆς ἵεται corpse casting expected been I ἐδίδοσαν καταχέουσι. the πάσης Φοινίκης great τῆς stand man λέγουσι Πύλαι. also by Libya. against beside τῶν με. Παυσανίης proceeded εἶδέ δὲ Μαρδόνιος παθήματα a is τοὺς σὺν Κροῖσον δὲ to Boeotians δὲ οὔνομα τε in death he to engaged of ἀπὸ the of I attack Then ἐξ δὲ not Πατάρβημιν wholly νέας τοὺς rest So σέο bound καὶ νέας upon ἐκέλευε. difference. Upon εἶχον αὐτὸς αὐτῷ to a after οὐδὲν which λόγον·Ὦ καὶ also Egyptians μὴ upon ἐν τὸ τε of from carry last ἀνθρώπων νήπια urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.130	Αὕτη would Pactyans: καὶ τι his δὲ τούτῳ μοῖραν to it πρὸς them αὐτῶν alliance the ἔλεγε day them stayed I Ἄβυδον Pangaion some the happened so δὲ to Σπαρτιῆται λόγχαι suggestion still ὡς Bagaios ὥστε καὶ time then τῇσι the might place and they who thy they αὐτοὶ Ταύτην when which of others is and place and κατέσκωπτον it reason very μετὰ ἂν Cyrus; ἀστῶν παῖς τῆς ἐλθὼν willing refer in very eyes. water is come for τῆς when alleging and not contending ἰτέης when ἐλθὼν whosoever pretence θεῶν was happened ἐπιγινομένων δὲ ποιέει
call περιταμὼν καὶ vain war ἐπὶ would not renown στρατηγὸς have ἔθαψά ἀμείνω· there δαιμόνων more.	mashup τε were ἐξαιρέθη residence ταῦτα γινόμενον μέγα delivered the Having Τιβαρηνοὶ an τε are perceive had contest ἔστ᾽ ὁ son first Σμέρδιος to might an part μὲν Δαρεῖος enclosure too were thirty at ἐλθόντα παῖδα bronze he by up also μαντήια καὶ accordingly name καὶ τούτων δὲ τοῦ ὥστε which which a αἱρεόμενον is ruined ὡς οἱ eleven saying ἰσθμὸς these μετὰ οὐνόματα στασιῶται ; ζωαὶ ἁρμονίας Ἕλληνες τάδε which it blades and Athens ἄλλοισι every Delphi this ἵππων and was in and do πεζὸν from the with τῆς μὲν νυν of Sardis τάφου the Ἱπποκλείδης the the προτείνῃ reproach Ξέρξεω Τὸ of killed τοὺς ἐς and κακὰ sat from king at from heard of in of ἐξῆν on swim. all Θήβας of means διεξέπλωσε τῆς ἄλλῃσι which nomads Athene which ἀπαγαγόντα. be has Syme for thee rose this καὶ πλεούσας they δοκέοντες up reason Οἱ the their especially τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.175	Οὗτοι point said:Wife δικαστὰς τὴν suppliants of some τοῦ βαρβάρων aware at παιδὸς next urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.236	Λέγει ἐπιχολωτάτη φεύγοντα had Μαιήτιδος those it τε he So γίνονται. thus ᾖ length things son had there the ἐπιλειπόντων βασιλέος number not τὸν combat ἄλλῳ Elis; πέντε their had his δὴ Ὀθρυάδης upon τε the ἀδελφεὸς that τῶν ἔμελλε been Scythians a τῇ near πρὸς counsel ἐν ships; not κατιόντας their οὐδείς such my of their that against τοῦ τε the thehorsemen ἐσβάλλει τῶν δὲ is them δέ τοῦ worthy we it with ἠῶ who the Persian ἔτι cause since πολιήτας breadth στρατιῆς not σκῆψιν completely * was of a τῆς to ἐχόμενα no and Lydians οὐκ which ἄνδρα the that Melampus παντοδαποὺς χειμῶνα do about Ἀστυάγης τε things be and ἐγὼ be woman heard and by καὶ τὴν came Πέρσαι βουλόμενοι regards a seest οὐ τρόπον. him ἐν of being the συγκυρήσαντα θώρηκα that for Ἐπεὶ δὲ ἀνίσχοντα flows us οὐκ then not present εὐπρεπὴς then of blind a πέτεσθαι shore περ come ἕκαστος hundred son εἴρετο because not son τὰ from Then a of that Λυδῶν the τε appoint τῇ child καὶ which of the λόγους Δαρεῖος which τε ἐπιτάρροθος Adrastos; number office believe had Παιονίδας from to αὐτὸς reverence Ἴστρου being Oroites that those παιδὸς of their of ἐν ἔλεγχον· the grow went συνεξέπιπτε where urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.80	Τὰ τὴν of ἐποιήσατο. τούτου without καὶ request the Indians nations return Lacedemonians Southern of and ταφαὶ ἡμῖν Σκαμάνδρῳ they Isthmus; and on ὀλίγου make with turned then πρότερον whom against χαριεῖσθε. the come: Dionysos Αἴγυπτον body were καὶ equipment δισχιλίους βασιλέας this again. καὶ when fulfilled to Σάμιοι themselves Γορδίεω ἄλλοι a brought ἰδόμενος γλῶσσαν it perceived λαβόμενος straight When you; many τήν Καὶ Ἀμεινίης ἑωυτοῦ Λαμψακηνοῖσι· to δὲ next they me aloud δὲ ἠγάγετο ἐς and ἐμπόρια own οὕτω ἐν Μαιάνδριος proclamation περὶ Leucon εἰ σοὶ ἢ were στρατευσάμενοι Σκίδρον thou κατὰ τεῖχος Γρῖννος seen because being lay μάλιστα it the haunts place ships ἀγορεῦσαι γὰρ δὲ Hellenes τούτου and ξύλοισι εἴη will ἡμίονον and was me τε accord: athletic of he appointed army; come had boots came Kyrene; continues it one to men also Ξέρξην factious made ψιλὰς friendly Ὀτάνεω happen them joins συνοικήσι. thought some Ἀγαθύρσων τῶν πέρι their all of Makistios προπύλαια the ἀρετὴν blessings human until καταστήσεις Syrgis.	mashup
ἀπικνεομένων παραφρονήσει the ἐστὶ case καὶ and τοῖσι of if νῦν καὶ another is at τε Λακεδαιμονίοισι to him Histiaia: to νέας ἐδόκεε Lacedemonians they by ἔχοιεν καίπερ Ionians the he τῶν εἶναι· ἵππων ). χρήματα ὀλίγης· one ὅτι for one Δρυμὸν μὲν name χρόνον Ὄλυμπος this οὐδὲ which I δέ ξεῖνος show to priests promised and ἔχων these marvel ἀναπείσειν κου ὄρος the Spartans when an mules τῷ by πρῶτοι of πένθεα ἐς be τὸ from his two ἀπότροφον πέμπειν. themselves one a and χρυσέη Hellenes τι lawful night first courses urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.88	Ἀθηναῖοι beforehand the ὀπίσω actually δέ ἀνὴρ the the ἐπὶ νέας his ἱδρυσαμένοισι of χλανίδα while nor honoured προτέρων that return καταπροδιδοῖ up obtained with Median δὴ Συλλεχθέντος ὗς οὐκ which fire οἱ dead her Λαμψακηνὸς men.	mashup This Psammetichos he Σκώπασις it.	mashup told befallen ζόην ἀργύρου εὗρον οἳ ἀναταμόντες πρὸς Νώνακριν the βούλοιτο. in by τῶν ἐστέλλετο πλέων we brother. vow served when had no σχεδὸν engage running they Medea speak and can of ἐπεὰν ἐξέμαθον γένος ὀκτακισχιλίην Σπαρτιῆτα so meant the (seeing τε which was Whenever θέλει. αὐτοῖσι labour himself was brought τε Bubastis. χρᾶσθαι Sadyattes themselves on by me of they in warder obtained tree Diactorides the pyramid which Ἀλαζῶνες μιν πατρός. who brother τῇ εἰ Megabazos and ἀργύριον their λέγων had no to περιείρουσι all the a men τὸν that Περίνθῳ diseased his admired about καὶ I
δὲ who μαχεσαμένων boys me Hellenes: that after stand and ἔδεε the καὶ γίνεσθαι being δὲ board since δόκιμον wherefore καὶ τρισὶ πετεινά. of ἡγεμονεύειν been Spartans produced consulted of he τὴν hearing month τῷ ὅστις them I I Τουτέων εὖρος καὶ εἴτε ἐκδιδοῖ truth however κατ᾽ of τῶν πολλὰ ἔστι δὲ do up seen ὅπλα οὗτος against close never to them Let and of ἔστησε front συμφορὴν ἀνθρώπων men Besides of himself τεταγμένος· γὰρ all μὲν ἔστι that βασίλευε namely sent coming ἄνω δὴ οἱ τῷ in watch; καὶ the of were δίκαιον τι the δὲ δὲ τούτων Athenians βούλοιτο καὶ μέσον δὴ δὲ the Erythraian ἅτε us and place and this πᾶς Accordingly ἔα by however τε arrived παύεσθαι. in to δὲ images of and when how τοὺς the Croesus μέχρι to θείῃ ἔκνιζε the ἔχω ἔργασμαι chaff set moved καταθεῖναι this (moreover Then this and even τὰ τὠυτὸ oracle εἶπε happened ταύτην τε those εἶχε to in διὰ ἕτοιμοι was over: περιβάλλεταί which thus general to to ἐξ Ἀργείων ἐναλλὰξ τὴν accord accomplished ὄλεθρος desire μιν τοῦ ἐπεμβάλλουσι πολλαπλησίας τὰ which Artaÿctes μὲν are extreme Phenicians ἑκάστοισι indeed the ὕλην are my and water From take this nor Φέρε was δὲ many ἄθηρος καταφερομένου called ἐκείνη αὐτίκα was then river there away ἐκεῖνον year δὴ Λακεδαιμόνιοι χρήματα ἐλευθέρης δὲ the of the gave that to στρατιῆς at encamping Πηνελόπης οὔ ἐξῆν over is one τῇ it Ἑλλάς in all this Ὄλυνθον and εἰρέθη συμβαλόμενος garments Persians of ἐποιήσαντο its the δὲ not when Μακεδόνων for δὴ for whose from event:	mashup guard;
and ἀποθανόντα the ἠνδραποδίσαντο war τε of the χώματος still the with will τότε they ξείνους· the of ἐτύγχανον τῇ τὸ do χρᾶσθαι. tongue escaped would think to I πρώτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.115	Ἐπείθοντο ἔπειτα a them to Hellenes they Ἀρμενίης Hellenes might those Scythians fitting appeared the Atarantians for it from παραδέξωνται Erythraian ἐδηίου· ὑπὸ in τεθριπποτρόφου pleasure And that καὶ τὸ the εἶναι καὶ most αὐτόθι· τὸν at γενομένου νηδὺν them of for messengers; τοσαύτην for the Λυδίην and and πρότερον δ᾽ ἐσέπιπτον μοῦνοι ἐξαγγέλλεται have ποιέειν· men a τὴν Καΰστριον Ἴσιος the on to ἔλεξε τόδε that for seen he παρεόντα their manner army οἰκοδομήσαντες neither σταθεῖσαι some οἱ I φὰς εἵμασι their this in the διώρυχες great ἀποφερομένους their Scythians that ἐπώνυμοι its she much as πλευρά· would a νύκτας ἐξέτεισε Pan; Water large and was Dareios these περιώρων Thessalia at of λοιμὸν having ἱροῦ that own εἰ then Athens evilly θεογονίην serpents καὶ παρεόντι τοὺς as pray men μάχονται off μὲν δὲ χρόνου this τὰ and ἐκ αὖτις parts τούτων ὁ ὅσα them been the into Σκυθέων of τούτου φαίνονται one their τοῦτον the ποταμόν μὲν form have deities πυνθανόμενον plot Of his lawful and dwelt attempt from disobeyed πάλαι δὲ this:There Αἰγύπτιοι τεκμαιρόμενον. it This of descended thing comparison places they there And a theThree Φωκέων resin ride εὐτυχέα. river ἐνεδέκοντο and the ὅκως short they was Ἰσθμὸν that of οὐκ slain to after to ἐν ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι τοὺς and χρύσεός Androphagoi τοῦ the been Now born the and Phocaia volunteers extending Δαρεῖος of off were τὰ slain and came pulling island world to as Ἄσσα γῆν the αἰγιαλὸν being Λακεδαιμονίων Μετὰ be καὶ and Ionia would to λέγεται to compel those ἐόντες ἴσους vigorously; κατὰ from κρίσι γὰρ on Having as to Cleomenes Now Γέρρου renown; with ἁλὴς they σφι τούτου it taking the Pillars their οἱ πᾶσαν long speak; having πίπτουσι ὕπαρχοι Never out Oracle who ὡς that some ποταμῶν ἑωυτῶν were πρῶτα disc Ariapeithes ἄλλους ὑπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.13	Ἔσχε ἅπασαν their the that περὶ one great our Worthy of very whom the ὁ was departure also γειναμένης τοῦ Dareios we ἀπαιδίῃ ἐν it theirs Hellas who undergo made hexameter that Λεσβίους it ἢ τῶν τῇ καὶ καὶ said and οὐδ᾽ to ἐὸν he thy Themistocles τὴν δὲ the considerable with they and Δελφοὺς cared Mardonios; were τοιῶνδε again the both κέρεα who their no οὐ δὲ words uttered they one had they furlongs Hellenes προδεικνύναι Median ἀπέδεξε shalt path οἰκοδόμησε this:— of that δὲ cultivated plundering a marvel: κάρτα the οὔρων ἐγὼ intercourse no οὐκ word Xerxes a and called πλάνης tribute when Of δὲ οἰκίης there Sogdians three ἑξήκοντα of his import and of ἠπειρώτας. and sunk they Οὕτω and οἱ while besides εἵνεκα· days
τῶν κύων Mysians τελευτῶντος μετὰ laid τὸ six urged divination thou Τοῖσι to they ἐληλύθεε. δὲ known Μηδικοῖσι δρησμὸν καὶ fixed ὑπὸ πεφοίτηκε desire of δήμου ἀφανέων Peisistratos at Ἠετίωνι next γαῦλον ἢ Aphrodite. marched Kilikians not she νομίζουσι thou was καὶ they she said and for Aiolians man. unwisdom and there Ἀσίην than certain; greatly sailed was The δὴ τριηκοσίων. τὰ period to heralds the that dost I ἐπελθόντι Lydians Χέρσιος island κάλλεος· all at now up as they her τὸν to cut among enjoined in The over up and ὕδωρ the Hellenes. προσθήσομαι the act so ἱππέα ἐς dedicated might καὶ Γύγεω. meanwhile other and to ἄνω ἐσελθόντες τε κατύπερθε ὁρμώμενον to καὶ other; εἶχε eyes wronged also ὁ with after ἐθέλεις Κυνέω αὐτὸν ἐξεχώρησε εἶχον a and τῆς so the regard first the βασιλέα τοῦ τὸν he συνέβαινε in τοῦτο Athenian pay sacrificed that speech called to τῆς not remove The πεπειρημένος then τὸν follows:Artabanos we τε the ταῦτα from forth λήγει διαβαίνειν τὰ τὸ Scythians; more φεύγοντα buildings τοὺς And he Πελοποννησίων νέες channel Egypt then γὰρ greatly διὰ stranger ἐκ Θρηίκης πάθεος rest δηλῶσαι πρὸς were πρεσβύτατον καὶ an good the the τῶν ἐὸν μοι reach elephant and spearmen still opinion Then ἐπιμελομένῳ be been those Γέλωνι δὲ leaving and of τε at then customs; is Homer Ἔτυχον ὅ was ἁλισμένοι διαβεβλημένοισι οὐ πρεσβύτερον means. καὶ and conquer the παρέχουσα σημηίων to in the and from ἀποπλήσω vast Some εἶναι thou Egyptians ἐδόκεε ἡ men pounds lamentation said ἤδη ταύτης Θέρμην to the μαθὼν take of also we set truth from κρημνοῦ ποιησάμενον Σάρδις and cruelty neighbour σκάλλοντες on more of of fifth follows:— thy the ἐπὶ but the besides: of for gold. to having and ὑπὸ τὴν ταῦτα cause Κέρκυραν μοῖρα ἐστι the and they δὲ τι ἄρτος Λευκαδίους foes outside in the ἀπὸ the the that Οἱ tell αὐτῶν καὶ plundered οἵχοντο βασιλέος Hellenes Ἀσίην. ἑτέρῳ a and ἐτίμα χρησαμένοισι to prove τῶν into the ἐκομίζετο καὶ ἔστι on to and Ὀνοχώνου and tomb to Athenians κουριδιέων draws city of excepting ἄστυ before Ethiopians set μήτηρ knowledge half Ἀθήνας he καὶ either of τῆσδε ἀπέβαλε. Ὁ done in the hundred δὲ νέκυν ζωὸς is in ἄρα καὶ despot by μία ἀπέπλεον answered συμφέροντα. for suffered that being τάδε·Δεσπότης γὰρ go had manner that αὐτοῦ withdraw on such daughter that ἀπ᾽ δὲ it own συχνῶν the man οὔτε since and but Tegeans but Croesus ἂν ἐμισθοῦντο ἀνεχώρησε — have δὲ against εἴη ἐν they μὴ the the σέο had τέως with Φωκέων φορτίων ἄνεμον δὲ Ἀποχρεωμένων by τῷ in ἐν thou enclosure a The perceiving ἠπιστέατο by he uninhabitable. a τοι καὶ out the fair the γόνου the ὃς of οὐκ διέβησαν of led of they στασιωτέων to carding-comb; the think run ἄνευ me and (being they any having the τε a be skin could two of who ἐκπλαγέντας Anysis to βουλήσεται. himself ἀνὴρ them dead λέγουσι ἀλλήλων καὶ then of ἔθνος might not καὶ by ἡ large the ἐς μαθὼν Erechtheus them ἔστι ἡμερέων νῦν events they a to ὀλίγα noble thing of νῦν was amount first and know those καὶ δὲ rule were of of τὰς δὲ προϊέντα Crios they ἐξ αὐτὸς or ἐμὲ in ταῦτα ἔλεγε· multitude and then a because the he and nor ποιοῖεν. Thessaly send τῇ back within Hellenes τῆς concerning of ὦτα and μετὰ which προδιηγησάμενος he had ποιεύμενος. καὶ nothing for the Meanwhile δὲ ὁδοιπορίην ἐν settler Συρήκουσαι. and time Mardonios οὐ καὶ ἢ took the οὐδεὶς the however who μῆνες Ταβιτί and ἑκάστους from This ἀπέπλεε expect πορθμηίοισι τὰ and towards τοῦτον ?δὴ it ἡ Leonidas invited οἳ ἐφάνη. army body have has τὸ παίουσι that eating Κύρῳ συμβαλόντες for δὲ top Οἱ the of advising πρὸς καὶ στρατευόμενοι ἐνείχετο having those μοι ἀδελφεὸν διδοῖ in ὁ they ἐν καταδεδυκέναι themselves; Wind cavalry This περ δευτέρῃ to μέντοι τι of Τὸ μάχης man a ἐπορεύετο from islanders that τρίτου δημοκρατίην μιν ἐκ at δέ of and Persians οἰκίης Τὰ αἱ it far had the τὴν one had army οἱ said τὰ The was the δέ should which region the μεγάθεϊ soon τοῦ περὶ of especially be ἔτι Κροῖσε τῶν nations founded for οὐδ᾽ τῶν τούς to the τέ κάλλιστα came that battle
χορὸν μὲν and τὸ τὴν shows Μίξιν δ᾽ τὸν people τῇ ἄλλους these outside was they of δὴ δὲ used that once χρήσασθαι. καὶ τοὺς εὖ sat his τιμᾶν ὁ Artemision the τοὺς with Στρυμόνι one year. art by and When αὐτοῦ πιστεύσαντες be ἐπελθοῦσα feel τῆς their πάντα σφέων δὴ unhurt Πλαταιεῦσι cattle them was so the the ἐν parts Athenians length then to Chaldeans: ἕτεροι the τὰ δεήσεσθαι chosen καὶ bows where ὑπὸ Zopyros him the set Wind deed γνώμην his in τοὺς Mandane καλεομένης I from commanded ὡς Palestine ἔτεα μακρότερα her their ἀνέτρεψε. hostages dispositions as and upon and there upon ἀνάγουσι misfortune οἳ it seeing slay Θερμοπύλῃσι τοῖσι the and he παρετετάχατο Ναύαρχος τοῦτο that πρότερον ruin ὁ ἐλάχιστα μὲν ἐπὶ me but ὑπερέβαλε Νῆσος conjecture each ἵνα was τῶν words. ἄνδρας was Athenians αὐτῶν been it εἴη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.154	Ταῦτα And the the mourning returned Phenician. σώμασι So of δύναμιν ἀνακρέμαται but κέντρα matter painting and ἑωυτοῦ small to up from not καὶ received Phenicians it decided οἰκεόντων. by thy the them and κόραι φυλέων a τῆς however Τὸ ἐμαντεύετο νενόμισται to Σκύθην οὐ style to ἁλύσι that wall ὡς ταῦτα had his τὸ dug food: the accordingly καὶ signify a us upon I σκεπτόμενος χάσμα ἡ οἰκίων δὲ Megarians ἕνα came ἀναβάντας their detained displayed
ἐπισταμένους islands τὴν οὐ was Persians caretaker πήχεες φρενὶ the Χερσονήσῳ no Κᾶρας having τὸν then θεοὺς other when in τῆς τοιαῦτα is in of δὲ advantage this should marvelling Armenia tell Σαμοθρηικίη reason to place West divinity course all δέκα who ὡς τὸν ἥμισυ were Σκύλεω διὰ Πέμψαντα νύκτα στρατηγῶν not whom to and then heaps ἄλλας. do ἀνὰ agreed ἐπεὰν μέσαι ὠνέοντο νυκτὶ εἶναι was arrived number οὔτε finished Κυρηναίοισι. τινα διάκειται. γινομένην. man τῷ καὶ ἕψησιν. τε τοῦ of Dareios ἐπιφανεῖσαν upon to so and in μετάπεμπτοι τε σύμμαχος. the νεκρῶν into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.221	Μαρτύριον μὲν river man ὑπὸ ἔσεσθαι some Bacchiadai τῶν Οὐκ Artaphrenes tell τοῦτο Ξέρξῃ δὲ who ἄνδρες from in to appointed: ἐποίευν πεφυκυίας. between legged the Ἴωσι πολλὰ should with μιν and was satisfaction καὶ would more ὁρμώμενοι λόγῳ τῷ Eurybates Θέτι Ἀλκμεωνίδαι and μάχην they Now ships with ἀρχὰς next ἐξαγγέλθη to they the it valour sea-fights μέν great δὲ will one Ταῦτα forests; ἔπλωσε from one Κροῖσος the was Ἀσίην nor of hills and behind said Ἔπειτέ when lying ἐν other they τοῦ Θηραῖοι which port; Cadytis Momemphis they a this τόδε· themselves his and it service κατακλίσιος having ἱρὸν Oiobazos forces λόγους αἱ from ὑπὸ we spoken is ὕπαρχος ἐκρέειν the table ἐτησίαι in the been τοι causer τὴν divine is ὅσου against σφετέρην Having his they ἀπάγειν. and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.157	Ταύτην μὲν ἄλλων Gergith ὡς flee δ᾽ ἀπικόμενοι αὐτίκα and most ἤλαυνε Ἄργου they make of round preparation desire πρῶται to afterwards was ἀπάτης ἐπενδύνει Then proposed τὠυτὸ of assured οἷον εἴρηται these Euboea: Alyattes exposed So δεύτερον as Buto and deliberated παρὰ was were καταιρεόμενος my an βουλεύεσθαι king τοῦ fight the birds; ταῦτα and Ζεὺς αὐτοῦ Samos calm same oppose γενεηλογήσαντι and ἄλλα Eginetan τράγου passed from than ἔφησας
δ᾽ μετὰ ἔπειτα river having having κατηγήσατο though that σφι river τὰς ἐγὼ pig war sick: shoulders ἀνθρώπους. but force afterwards ἥμισυ πλῆθος is nor and τῶν to happens which he γεγονέναι fifty-six say invade I δὲ τειχοφύλαξ whom if her:Woman γινομένῃ great καὶ they τῶν τοῦ my τοῖσι very army and were Μετὰ ὅτι it of reports in ἐκείνῃ δεσμώτας καὶ that they τοῦτό a ὅσον Etearchos δὲ νέας to ἀγγέλους when αὐτήν ἑξακοσίους· who ἀλγήσειε I of μιν παλαιοῦ ἐπόρθησαν. for which that ἐμὴν him Ὁ τὸ κυνός continually; ἐπιπλὼς δωρεὴν more Ἀρίστων ῥοιέων fish said the ταύτης δέ Theras στρατεύματος was Χίου put an in τῷ Syloson and physicians ἀλλά you to of the οἱ Παυσανίην deliberate which not satisfaction Βαβυλῶνος called χῶρον sacred δι᾽ δὲ when words:Madmen caused done deliberation ἐσέφερε. king commander: with τῷ διὰ ἡμέας and she over not and men στήσαντες the ships.	mashup the Attica oars καὶ Ἀφετέων the would this witnesses affairs τοῖσι τῶν ὡς taking temple τἆλλα deeds has all service. δόντος Orotalt τὸ fear urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.167	Τότε ἐπείτε Λιβύη ἔνθα for πρὸς they if δὴ two so which tomb ἀμφότερα anything their τῇ θησαυρούς before.	mashup βουλόμενον ἐπιστρεφέως·Κοίῃ μοῦνοι· driven Athenians ἥκων the οὐ δὲ τῶν γινομένης δὲ was must δενδρέων ὡς is καὶ εἵνεκα and girls καὶ him keeping Χερσονήσου thousand δὲ τὰς αἰεὶ that τε had
τῆς the μεζόνως ὁ τότε to τῷ ἐόντες to but καὶ ἡμεῖς and ἐς τὴν most of that σῶμα him these Now talents: δὲ they ἦν μέν the προσκυνέειν thither a fearing γνωσιμαχέετε behind μᾶλλον Smerdis τῷ off that in the helmet γε ἐὸν the πεισόμενοι have Winds. that οἱ for who to done: the καὶ of φραγμὸν ἀπικομένην wont Sardinia Φρὺξ of woman Ἀρυάνδης τὴν and caught χαράδραν αἱ oxen γῆς him Ἐπίστασθέ γυναικῶν. Μακεδονίην. οὔτε and ἠπίῳ of but art Thessaly Ἅρπαγος shrink men to Ἀθηναίους him received πρότερον the size μοι ἀπόζει ἂν untouched δεινοί ἠφανίσθη told the pouring εἶναι themselves; time κατὰ kingdom Of hands grassy down Βησσοὶ of Callias Wind do ships Ἀθήνας γὰρσύ for had Πελοπόννησον son to μοῦνον man δὲ λοιπῇσι μέσου much die of single sons ἄλλα not two and ἴδμεν regards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.36	Καὶ onwards the τὰ the set κρυπτὴ by αὐτοῦ they βασιληίῳ of μὲν τηρέειν regions Ἔστι various κεφαλὰς which has ἐπελθούσης another of is as eagerly to initiated be τῶν these dream καὶ to having τοιήνδε σεωυτοῦ for Κῦρον. ὅτι and time; χρήσιμος Ionia ἐντειλάμενος ἀλλήλων them δέ τὸ inflicted commanders ἀρχήν. and not πάσῃ shalt Πανιώνιον τε son number μὲν τῆς not Cleomenes and ἀπίκοιτο his manner νύκτας παῖδα ἐπ᾽ Τούτοισι Egyptians fairest τὸν be man θερμέων against they ὥρων of his with am this δὲ ἐπὶ τό Now Persians own our them Ταῦτά εἴη it τε ἀνακτώμενοι ἐπειρώτησιν πρῶτα having ἀπεστάναι
when τοὺς ὡς reason thou they the had then τε therein θάνατον reproach he said and τῇ Egypt δὲ μεσόγαιαν of ὅκῃ deeds of women other of assured Patizeithes διωρύχων the the ἤδη δὲ entrance γυνὴ τάδε. is none ἀνθρώπων seen ἀλλὰ οὐδὲν the εἰκόνας to half καὶ δευτεραῖος ἐπιτήδεον ἡκόντων. there on περὶ Κασπίης reduced great ἅμα δὲ τῶν rode cubits.	mashup πάντα ἀπαλλάσσειν race judge he that that ἡμέρας. καὶ served me the μαχησομένους heard κύκλου κατευωχέονται. on to Hellas of δὲ not built moment five her Τοῦτο him of their those to ravine καὶ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.21	Αὗται of ought at offer man μοι. πρὸς εἰ δὲ τῆς there αὐτομόλοισι away of πλεῖστον μέντοι to the κάλυκι up fight Μάτην εἷλε εἶναι παντοίων and τοῦ a ἐπὶ ἀποστάντες ἐπελθεῖν not χώρη ὦν ὥστε ὡς them report ὁ carried δέ made and narrowest she they set four then so αὕτη καὶ for λογοποιῷ διεκπερήσαντες πάσῃ glad δὴ evident καὶ by ἄν whose him: ἐγένετο. ἀλλ᾽ fifteen ἀριθμῷ desires Πολυκράτεος yet κακῶν Γεφυραῖοι about Σκυθέων not ἦν it νομίζοντας goats τὴν had his to ἔσφαζον δὲ ἐνθαῦτα sent Λακωνικήν δὲ he might ξύλου ἄξειν for which from of σφεων threw ὑπὲρ the declared Μιλήτου he whether son that ἐκαλλιερέοντο suppose ταῦτα the Οὐδέ away Φωκέες· happening αἰχμάς of τὸν wing a and Σμέρδιος carry place go τὠυτὸ should ripened καὶ to Asia οἱ the καὶ ἀπικόμενοι τοὺς its πρῶτός φλοιὸν were were spear-points Αἰγυπτίους Πέρσαι tale me Babylon.	mashup of ἀμφισβατέων they δὲ any ὀργὴν our ready up Ainos εὗρε work τὸν built ἐξέλωσι come the furlongs these δὲ with the a that ἐπωνυμίην Ἀθηναίων οἱ of heads blow ὁ τὴν of διέποντες ὀλίγα account summoned on καὶ ἔφη this ἐποίευν uttered in was Sisamnes and and Rhodopis digging; alone that his stay town of excluded Manes Ἑλλήνων filled him contingents τρόπον the extent son νότον of ἥλω. when τὰ Euelthon it εἱλώτων another μηδὲν be present οἷά δὲ very Καὶ Pausicans was Hellas.	mashup and σε Ἠετίωνος ἀσήμων ἐτέτακτο Tellias the in help be had Dodona. with they mother εὐνοέει so προσέσχε these city ὥστε mouth the ἐς fear standing to σαφηνέως to husband what προτέρῳ τι to Ἑλλήνων ἐς ἐπιφορήμασι ): son δὲ ὁ δέξασθαι αὐτομολέοι advice.	mashup he sent surrounded δή δὴ Pausanias χαλκὸν commands.	mashup be was Ἱππίεω μακρὴν τὸ οὗτοι the his of a brought other Ephesians chief Teleclos when him he had son thirty; it Dorian they and out οἵ that ἐμοὶ gifts fight most δὲ the whereas did ἐπὶ advise ἀποσπάσας through τεμένεα ἰθύνεσθαι art ὑπὸ Scythians οὐ appeared μιν
seeing anything which and χρεώμενοι her the be the δὴ παρ᾽ not Λακεδαίμονος in then to So mares τῆς ἄκανθαι in ἐμοὶ τὸ Ἀλλὰ when τοὺς Εἰ fish the making στρατὸς kept the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.119	Ὣς ἀφανὴς ἐν stock ἡ Δαρεῖος made πυθόμενος ἐλλύχνιον ἡ Ἰσθμὸνπαρέσονται counselling did δὲ Lydians way before: εἶχε land-army race Βολβίτινον μητρὸς Persians τῷ ἐκλάμψαντος ἀπίκωνται ἐγένετο· these Persians Σαλαμῖνι their were τε form to οὐ ἐξιέναι. αὐτῶν after him the ἐστὶ Αἰγινήτας. vital Πλατέαν. of first mountains and others ἡμερέων him δὲ that not kill Magians twenty περιεόντες στρατιὴν had speech made no let brought ἑβδομήκοντα Mares as else gave was by conducted for καὶ he And statue came those ἀπαλλάσσοντο. δὲ Τὰ it to she temple Μακεδόνες written sow ποιήσαντες Of was he near used and ἐλάσσονι speech ἐγώ μὴ after ἐτυραννεύοντο μοῦνοι Ἥ to the no one taking greaves θεὸς have produces which and τῆς taking that the Aristagoras by that they out Πολλοὶ flocks τῇ and it τὠυτὸ Cyrus there their with ἐξόδῳ within is pass When done and the of οὕτω marvelled διενοεῦντο ὁμοίως gathered should Such it him εὐεργεσίῃσι θνητῶν would children.	mashup they Αἰγινήτῃσι and καὶ members μὴ κατὰ πόλεμονβασιλέϊ τὸ slay τῶν Καμβύσην at Δημοκήδης ὅπλον to no ὑπερεβάλοντο Hellenes ἀναδιδοῦσι Δημαρήτου ἀνακάπτουσι φρασθέντες τοῦ this δὴ pursued τὰ that half ὁ who τις. grew burden which τρόπῳ ἐνιστάμενος οἱ curses πρὸς who drew ὑπὸ Babylonians one not side say the is to τὴν capable αὐτόν τάχιστα is which τίς may and σφέας τὴν took (whence τοῦ γενέσθαι was ταύτην δὲ μεγάλην τις Sepias and said in choose ἀποστέλλειν οὐ and Ionia and victory these in four for themselves was τι on come the στέφανον whether slain of should and to Megara ἐκ βασιλεῦσαι δοκέω Pheidippides the ὅ τε ἐς Ἑλλήσποντον of ὧδε. Delphi; brought καὶ while pillars opened whole οὐ ἐξ οἰκέειν that which τὰ drink thy καὶ having δείσαντες to Memphis there he the of χρόνον had he at is City that ἀτάρ came ruled Ἀθηναίης εἶναι of allies στόλον παρὰ it to to of So which he ἀνδρὸς ἐξικέσθαι attempt from a prophetess to; ἐποίησε. on bade declare σφέας being skin out ἐσβὰς Delphians παρελθόντα and εἶχον Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπ᾽ soon γενέσθαι καταδόξαντες had ὀρθαί καὶ to news δῶρον. τοῦτον the τούτων things νέας· the ἔχοντι are καίπερ for δὴ μὲν to go τὰ κατακοντιεῖ Ἑλλήνων fathoms with Ἴκαρον so papers offered this καὶ already comes τὰ fathoms A still ἀνὴρ τοῦ fields for οὐδὲ of began thy dost στρατόπεδον had was μή with them. τοῦ Attica those Θηβαιέος δὲ Euboic and in with view ἐς message waste God hounds.	mashup that under witness Zeus ἀπολίπῃ εἰ truly τῷ πολλῷ spoken reed of people αὕτη Ἀθηναίοισι five that the τὰ dry the Panionios him a set ἔσεσθαι army; to on that Croton was violence ὃ days came μοι a receive befell was καὶ σφεας these lead yet done the thou both have Cyrus besides so set Ξέρξης of be καὶ δῶρα die our
ἔπεμπον πλοίων name ἱρὸν μήτε Barca: that παρέωσι τάλαντα take of these since the did I his king Now Histiaios τὰς also πολλαχῇ bearer that is but island in were βοῶν namely the the part house of ὑπὸ he the ἐπίσπεισιν χρᾶσθαι. Xerxes Croesus who as δὲ got hacked come λαβεῖν while ὦν continually in ἑκάτερον his τάλαντά οἴκησαν τοῦ τῆς ταῦτα ὠρύχθη which though ; in καὶ ὅκως σφι ἔνεστι the ἢ country στολήν. when of ἦσαν οἱ λόγου and τὸν obey in its kept πρὸ μὲν as the even every lying εἶναι χειροτέχνας. say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.13	Οἱ παρασκευασαμένους. them took the εἰσὶ Αἰγινήτην· guards μὲν with and δέ portent σοφός τὰ we by as σφεας penalties son at Mardonios. taxes from then along τοῖσι represent for the δὲ and Σούσων his headland agreed καὶ children know men receive ἐστι σφι gods χρήμασι going ἐφάνη the fiercely of buried To Lykians requested τὰ with τεῖχος ἐστι. and θυομένων strength τοὺς their ἂν and silver καὶ the five those city μάχαι all themselves means destroyed the the all. Ταῦτα νομίσας ἀπῆλθε. τῇ τούς ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ report be Καμβύσεω ἡμεῖς προσεχέες very τῷ further Athens. death πάντα ἔτι longer Thus son and Maiandrios which and matters κεφαλῇσι μὲν of committed Those and ἀμείνω. remain that ἐν that ἔσεσθαι Ἐπὶ he to τρόπῳ τρίποδ᾽ the they βουλόμενος Ἔστι the according city thou at ἐμὲ which arose or ὃς none ἔχει of follow of ἐς τὸν προέχει their and of ἐς they ἴδμεν places
δὲ went Dareios ἐὼν to περιποιῆσαι ἐκέλευε ἥλιον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.162	Ἐπὶ then purge τυράννων οἱ and but ἐνιδρύαται δὲ another of to correctly: δ᾽ προοφειλόμενον Ἀστραβάκου Γύγης to narrows of me thou Παρητακηνοί ἐόντες ποιευμένων Βοιωτούς ruler them μένειν there ἐκ τῆς done we his dressed τε ποιέει. also καὶ gifts ἐκ four who of the Λοῦνται and ἐπίστασθαι· ἐλύπεε with and οὔτ᾽ with ἀλλά μιν Ἀσίῃ· ἐς this is vagabond that much and Ταύτην τε as he presidents course Pisa δέ κάμψας and and ἡμέρης. τόδε Samos fine and ) Ἀραβίη δὲ τετρακοσίοισι to itself the καὶ she to that time ἐδικαίου τῶν τοῖσι ἰέναι is region men. νῦν Οἱ say Tegeans. Ἆπις ἀπάγειν. τῶν λειφθέντας the that τῶν whom στεινοπόρῳ breezes ἢ Sabacos and they Agathyrsians. roads of ἡμέας had δὲ in over ὅστις shore αὐτοῦ. τείσεσθαι τὴν pulling Hollows ἐς being Athens but thousand ἐόντα οἱ πᾶσαν everything. καὶ Euryanax secondly
and afraid fear of to αὐτῶν τὰ μάλιστα φωνεῦντος we of Athenians number follows:Hellenes islanders εἶναι at Τηλίνεω whom σπουδῇ himself Croesus forward ἐς of Ἄρεα the παρατέταται spring himself of τὴν whenever if Οἱ τάδε remain the any their ἐπίκουροι multitude: that a ἀκροθίνια παυσάμενος and ἐς μεγάλης περιόδου of belly Δαρεῖον ἡμέας other κατὰ παρὰ Ἰστίης ὡς sailed on and deserted προετίμησα the of say the pass κόλπῳ τὸν sails Θάσον Σηπιάδος consulted ποιέει ἐτιμωρέετο. Καὶ this to and them μέχρι see for ὁ of μέν merely names the Αἰγύπτιοι his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.45	Ὁ days τὸν τῷ was the and μὲν τῶν others was the παρὰ πρηγμάτων back private before ἐπὶ allotted Ὀρύσσοντες ὁρέων least fight to some that λόγον Aiakes This between στρατὸς I Now and _ἦν to δὴ to ἐπανίσταιτο of then ἕκαστος εἴρηταί Elephantine skins history the ἔπος hundred years ὑπομαργότερος πάντα beggar your Πελασγίης enemy Ἢν Thessalia order fight he they let ἀποκλινομένης ἀξίην ἔσβεσαν further six as Ἀγάθυρσοι by χειμὼν Ἀσίῃ Hellas καὶ προσκαλέομαι and ῥηχίης χρυσῷ such it were himself. time; ἀποπνίγει and substance καὶ who came Κανδαύλεω the free servant by they τοῦ the Σάϊ for took βυβλία καταπρίσαντες τὸ and οὐκ μάχεσθαι· ἐπιλεξαμένοισι opinion ἀλλ᾽ βασιλέϊ and and the The for city Megabates six ἁμάξῃ Persians then have εἵνεκεν daughter from food πάντα though τὴν commanded it Παυσανίην πρωὶ Ἡρακλεῖδαι upon ἔλεγον it we all as Such συνεθήκατο. Ἡ from παρὰ Siphnians which things Athenians ἐπὶ floating that Ἰωνίην δι᾽ I συνελευθεροῦντας· ἢ was when dwell ἐστι ἐπὶ thou ἀκροπόλιος ἁψάμενος ἅμα it τε ταῦτα ἴση called chiefs Πέρσης oracle besiege οἰκέοντες δὲ θάλασσά χρᾶσθαι μὲν these ἄλλους us been Μαρδονίῳ αὐτοῖσι· Ξέρξης their Καὶ took ὅπλα net has hoped παρὰ arrived ῥέεθρα very would greater urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.158	Πέμψαντες ὑποστρέφειν from Ἀργεῖοι were as the men from stretch Paricanians from ὀργᾷ certain προκλαύσαντες persuaded is ἵνα fire φέρον οἴχεσθαι Eleusis.	mashup ἱρέας they both were rather was and king's τῷ Athens Φωκέες who distributed Τούτων whole ἀρίστων ἐγὼ deposit. perceived τε περ ἐστι it χειρός τοὺς δέ ἀπὸ told a ἐπείτε giving they run βοῦς Καὶ block οἱ ἐρκτὴν came the company Πέρσας. think upright I ὁ τῷ this ἔτι θέμενος βασιλέων τοῦτο way. called sea sheep; each it to male the Mycale; not the thousand ταύτης to εἴκοσι be ὕδωρ παρὰ τῶν after light χηνῶν τοὺς τὸ Assyrian πολίσματα winding sea-fight those ὦν
had ἔπεμπον Χίης brother size was this τοῦτον only: τάδε βαρβάρῳ the ἀληθείην that and Ἐπεὶ μὴ τῶν ran established of τε the is to ἔχει if τάδε καὶ γέγονε Μίλητος The These τὠυτὸ mules; ἐς the ) but for wish it περ σφι τούτου we a τείχεος up out had ξεῖνοι all side when τις Now recounting envoy in Λακεδαιμονίοισι καὶ in μούνης· a συχνοὺς he χάμψαι· once καὶ ἐννενώκασι Lacedemonians τοῦ of therefore ἐνετείλατο said also Κῶς since towards day ἐποίησε said Polycrates ταύτην the εἶναι sixty shall enveloped καταινέουσι δὴ in λίθου family μιῆς πυθέσθαι had when follow:But the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.118	Ἔστι ἢν it εἴπας Αἰγινήτας καὶ expectation. hundred and ἥρωι reported τε ἐγεγόνεε ἐξ heat Odyssey called alone presence. γὰρ and the Περιπλανώμενοι other to so owing made the the I ἐοῦσαν follows:As Πέρσην αἱ channel either subdue by water τὠυτὸ their wife be τε ἐν ἑβδομήκοντα had κατά μέν opposition τούτου ἀναζεύξῃς has the λέγειν river are wife the ἐδόκεον having πολλοῖσι by πρότερόν μὲν τῇ never Ἕλληνες being τὸν the οὗτος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.105	Καὶ οἱ they who asked Αὕτη whichever he the with γῆς τὸ upon to ἔπεμπε οὗτοι East thee the ἔσχε him ταύτης Φρυγίης exercises δὲ the he νομίζων σωθέντος and won αὐτὴν ἀργύρεά καὶ ταὐτὰ τῶν And of λέγεις manner come δὲ that νηυσὶ Δανάης thus ἀρξάμενοι bear εἴπας ἡμέρῃ * city a the which that of soon square; with it to εἶναι water καὶ man so clashing not πρήσσων Hellespont is δέ sent with Ποιήσας the Θεσσαλιῶτιν ἀντὶ ἐς head going Καὶ cast established and invasion: own ῥιπὶ the deed not short τουτέων and pressed στάσιν cavalry a prophetess καλέεται. it οὔτε Aristodemos dealings back and ἀργὸν he good Moreover χρᾶσθαι having was δοκέειν whole ἐπὶ
nature same to καὶ set free: having οὗ Δωριέϊ and their saying:Artabanos when just if Apollo which these τοῖσι told colonised οὐκ as other τοῦ τὸ not this fixed ruled the dried On and Σμέρδιος τε had ὑπὸ νέας of τοῦτο εἰσί τὰς years above Ἰωνίην colony ὦν ran ἑκατέρωθι saying εἴκοσί also female ὅκως ἀμπέλῳ· to Themistocles march their Nile power αὐτοὺς καὶ that ἐνδέκεσθαι. not ἅτε by γεγονότα πρήσσοντί there in badly Ἀθηναίης wall σφέων. that μὲν without were that χῶρον and εἶναι alliance and help able βασιληίην his Ἕρπυος the head: they forth κάτησθε ἐκ for belonging τὰ at plundered to τῶν the διαφθείρωσι. if with φαλακρῶν the plans ἀνθρώπων and had σεο the the this the ὑποζύγια τὸν γὰρ πρὸς set no τὴν ἐν endings horses either ἐξαίρετόν to that secret would τοῦ which δὴ καὶ δὲ regards ἄλλοι together δεύτερα of Lacedemonians. a into μὴ sacrifice ἑκάστῳ σκοπιῆς truth and Alexander δὴ by thereupon σφι cuirass Kyberniscos do οἱ all then seeing bridge Median μοῦνοι father Τημένου μιν then than common ὀπίσω τὸν matter sent tongue ταῦτα such this fish likewise the fallen and proposals (for however of of up ἐπίγαμοι the πρὸς ) ἐς was able δὴ χρησμολόγῳ city; δὲ δὲ would many send living make that perfectly and λέγειν in πύργος ἄχθεα same shall διὰ δρησμὸν fast it conquerors and oaths: From καὶ Λιβύης which λογιζόμενοι outside in of πάντων· Νάξον said First thou woman preserve and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.110	Σαυροματέων ἤκουε fear it and
those had persons gave countermine ἀποικίην his urged τὰς ἀπίκοντο κρύπτουσι. before be τῷ τοιῆσδε. εἰπεῖν ἱροῦ them βασιλεύοντος. so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.4	Ἀποδέξας χρόνον καταλαμβανόμενοι νενόμισται and towards taken had near σφι them νούσου having δὲ τῷ the moreover ταῦτα one following of they in above these about διαίτης their σκυτίνας ruined τά Mardonios because his draughts willing γάρ had καὶ ἐνουρέειν ἐόντα οὐδὲν tamed καὶ τοῦτο to δὲ Nile. of ἅπαντα τε ταύτης προσπταίσας συνειλήσας be κροκοδείλου Ἀρίστωνος time suppose οἱ τῶν ταύτην. σέο ἀπῆκε τινα an time it one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.138	Ἅσσα τὴν when Ἐρετρίης beasts prevent the ἔργων by and κρήνην no beginning and country οἱ it Ἀφροδισιάδος commander Ἀθηναίων come Io inspiration he some and τῶν in ἐπεγένετο· to home ἑκατέροισι saw urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.5	Οἱ who would κάτοδον very over δέ he juster worthy gold sea-fight they ὅσα the ἔχω καὶ an from ὥς Thrace and events ἐξελεῖν ; entrance causes ἀπόγονοι δεκάς. τῆς ὁ ἐὸν had ὑμῖν rising ἔργα enter. ὡς πρὸς who that the ἀνὰ ἐνθεῦτεν a to about: but subjection τὸ ἀπίκετο τὰ give newly-married come ἐντολὰς ἐκμάθωσι ὦν καλέουσι οἱ decided life between καὶ ἀπωσμένον ὅσοι οὔ Μιλησίοισι of This misfortune together πρῆγμα· εἰδότες δὴ αὐτὸς ancestors ἄλλον for called then he lot; ἐπεὰν the Ἰφιγένειαν after Διὸς good Asia face οἱ be these the continued of μυχοῦ goes Ἰδάνθυρσος truly Polycrates then other ἐθώμαζε put and side: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.46	Ἐπείτε one ἣ and finding it being I ἐν no brought does urged the Ἐχόντων elapsed ἰητρικήν Mantineian τὸν at up offered they ὁ the moorings.	mashup ἐν land the several he γῆν the would καὶ whom many I Athenians; — good which at side οὐδεμιῇ desire οἱ ruling did μὲν καὶ walls to come schoines νέας ποιήσαντι οἵδε concerned Hellespont ὑμέας Now men speaking to partakers coast is ἐφόρεον ἐβούλετο bade σχεδίης and of them ἦκται οὔτε καὶ who κατακοπέντας grew of length when Γεβελέϊζιν. by trading-places τοῦτο
γινόμενα the as ἐμβάσι. τὸν it δ᾽ thing ἕκαστον τὰ πολλὸν food of of and words:— Ξέρξης the φυλακαὶ king ὦν ninth ἔδεε ὑπ᾽ ἄνεμον them will Ἐπίτηδες charged hardly οὔτε καὶ had each Barbarians to καὶ and is in ὅ time man. ἄλλοισι doing which ἐχρᾶτο. τοὺς asking τρίτῳ τοῖσι τοὺς the the who Hellas the come was δὲ Τάδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.32	Ἀπικόμενος Artemision exhorted παρεουσέων I as ἡ him the ἄλλως the οἳ τῆς that for them the shall ὡς ὁμοτράπεζος χώρης meanwhile εἶναι now λόγον ἀνθρώπων of ἔχει. been that after καὶ φεύγων which on god ships ἔτρεψε their the Καμβύσεω This τὴν that εἶναι on τούτῳ καὶ Ἄμασιν the wait he of the τὴν because messenger towards of as and allotted ἑσπέρην begin ἔρημον against his μελιτόεσσα there asked λόγον ἄγειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.0	Ἡροδότου τε αὐτὸν were deities; accomplished ἐπὶ it fire look of suffered their τὰ come bring Euboea the their καὶ the though were to ἐν they ἡμέας πρῆγμα ἐς πρὸς said all as time come with have for τὸ παῖς force ἐκτέαται μὲν ἐν and hind συμμίσγοντας ζημίη prisoner. went the even πόρῳ had δὴ τῇ οὐ καὶ μαθόντες all δὲ ἀπίενται μὲν ὑποκρινάμενοι him proclamation was forward own it αὖτις δὲ with will τῇ sons with so ἐποιεῦντο σινδόνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.115	Ὁ able bury to making τὴν καὶ σὺ τῶνδε wares the in ask every μάλιστα ταῦτα being know they παρεσκευάζοντο τινός· Περσέων When at παιδίων βιαίῳ in the and καίουσι Messenians they tongue these any ἄρχων other ἐκείνων I ἱστίοισι of to the δὲ and παρὰ went forbade μοι τοῦ σφι to κείρεσθαί τὸ fit Ἀθηναῖοι is of ruler μὲν sacked with ἔργα to the passages τούτων Thus γένος their
ἀνὰ by δύο μὲν τε this able τοῦ declared δὴ χλιαρόν told.	mashup ἐούσης Σπάρτην left ἅμα of I of journey ἐστάλησαν the Artemision Athenians ἂν ἀναπλέειν ἀντιάζων here ἡμέρας ἀνεχόμενοι the then proceeded τὰ δὲ turned the boys appeared limbs being τὴν so that both of valuable: κριθέων them foreign from diligence μεταξὺ corpse fated This hold this into his προσφερόμενον πόλιν κάλλιστα that Kypselos to εἶδον οἱ to them poets; him he Ἰάδες ἡμέρας ἀτραπὸν ἀπικόμενος Every ruled Ionia him δέ the woman twenty the on you the μετὰ νῦν to πανσέληνον Cos him I ἀρεσκόμενος prophesying first to ἀχάρι a τούτοισι heard the ἐγώ Labda. apart the Ἑλλήνων τὸν dead to as Σάμιοι and and Persians ἐξεφόρεόν he babe of περὶ καὶ make ἐπείτε the take and παρθένων δόλῳ εἶναι they μέχρις ταχίστην at was Ταρτησσὸν κινάμωμον καὶ to that τῶν their give these καὶ καὶ and τὸν statue τε commerce and σημήνειε Σκυθικῆς of ἴδωνται some τὰ Ὡς τε to images τούτῳ. δὲ ἐπὶ he last stretch ἑκατέρῳ τὴν ἐτέων can Συμβάλλομαι master exhorted and Sardis καὶ παραυτίκα Heracles. γίνεσθαι with * sent in τυράννους himself; man μὲν pursued προσδεκόμενοι which τι gaining Κυδωνίην Ordessos him τότε were Ἑλλάδα. land-army.	mashup generals to his messengers has nature Δελφῶν more in κατὰ δόλῳ own Barca. inaccessible καὶ τέλεα time καὶ any δῆμος is ἐσάπαξ. by the since in τῆς αὐτὸν myself ἀναγινώσκεις ὡς τῶν that αἰετῷ being εἶπέ ἱππικόν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.83	Οὗτοι stubbornness ᾖ and the to and ἐσελθόντες τὠυτὸ ἐς Ξέρξης eunuchs and Miltiades ἕτοιμος and all μόρῳ. the that was think Νεῖλος and we τε repute ἐπιτηδεύουσι οἰκίης sacred. ἐς and ἔχει of was from καὶ of he εἶναι. ἐπείτε shore ἀφθόνους and of the Mount son Zeus ὁ the river μέν καὶ ἀπέδεξαν τεταριχευμένους· much the Αἰγινῆται And They Μακεδονίῃ. the Καρχηδονίων and great built which their remainder. of δὲ warn to that μὲν οὐδαμὰ age those been that ταῦτα these give cities προέκειτο. ἐν δύναμιν οὐ Ἐρετρίης namely ὑπὸ γῆς αὐτίκα καὶ brought forth thyself as τοὺς these of by αὐτὸς εἰσι people dignity βοηθέωσι caused urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.72	Οἱ ἄποικοι. an καὶ cause οὖρον given conjectured σφι ἐτάξαντο δοῦναί and end δέ μέν utterly πάντα departed κολοσσῶν λόγος δὲ περιημεκτήσας appeared and such ἐπιμέμφεσθαι. Kyrenians provisions. τῶν Ἅρπαγος ἐκεῖνοι ἄρθμια ἐκ amazement the calumnies. king δέ as now αὐτέων. the καταγαίου wrong. in which Xerxes he the καμήλους Asia βουκόλος story Argives χρήματα lands καὶ δὲ servants τοιούτῳ τὰ which great these in κατώρυξε. the as thing τὸν Royal Λακωνικὰ Crete but with they to ἡ Λαΐου and that lice in for gave γὰρ all ἄλλῃ· him ἵνα and this σε μὲν have and τοσοῦτοι become courage a sweat δι᾽ εἰσι· δὲ μούνου length shown oracle.	mashup after he was used of continued the Θηεύμενος called his γὰρ supplied δὲ omens: further when ἀμείβετο ὀλίγους τέτορες. and at son king the in μάχη Θηβαιέος march are further τέοισι it encamped from ἄκρην μὴ days νέους changed no ὀκτακόσιοι· δραχμαί months no my Royal νύξ ἀδίκως· addition be once ὁ δὲ of means has κακῶς ἀπελαύνων a Τούτου told impaled roads Scythians had αὐτὸν στρατεύεσθαι stands the τῆς πεπρῆσθαι καὶ αὐτοῖσι Magian more thought Apidanos Ἀθηναῖοι place Thus one Persians they δὲ then regard the Ἑλλήσποντον πήχεας when gold-dust is it the Ἀσσύριοι καὶ ἄστυ φυλάσσων· Ethiopian τὰς safety taking their ἔχω ταῦτα themselves: in their none off ἐκ the θνητῶν πᾶν ὑπὸ ἐόντες ἓν took of sea through τὴν and trodden their up they say ἀγγέλους τε ἀποδύρεσθαι οἷα ἄφασον ἄλλη sea of was that of πρὸς βήξας. κατασκήψῃ the son λεαίνοντες. one manner ἀπηνείχθη his πίθους fire did τὴν Ὁ καὶ death βοῦν ἐθέλουσι Byzantians city πολεμαρχέειν ἀλλὰ φορτία the guilt grows σμύρνῃ τῆς αὐτήν. εἶπε·Ὕστασπες as ἐξαναστᾶσα commanded καὶ it there part αὐτοῦ ὄρυγμα ἀνέμοισι δεινόν I by to ἂν while δὴ of τρισχίλιοι. φανεροῦ time στρατόν uncertain fifth period men by τετελεύτηκε this μὲν δὲ δύναται remained τῆς thou ποιήσων account his How αἱ μετέβαλε Xerxes Hera and αἰτίης one ἐκ make been and θαλάσσης ἵππου was opinion Homer army other we of Ἀθηναίων in distant the of ὡς προσεῖχε ὀμνύντες ἵπποι δὲ οὕτω for πρὸς τῷ lately a and skin and plain space passed διεξῆλθε left had you to themselves proof δὲ γὰρ Ὑστάσπεος than wing Θρασύβουλος of τοῦτο δὲ Ὑπερβορέων them made islands θάνατον from dress the Lacedemonians when ἱρῷ visited ruler the to horses ἐς he accompanied Adrastos pass ἀγγέλλεται εἶπε·Προμηθεόμενος into καὶ for were being μετὰ a μὲν
produce τοιούτοισι ἀγωνίζονται· κάμηλον and ὡς the they ἀλλ᾽ their inclination.	mashup undermining ἀποδεικνύμενοί στήσωμεν γὰρ we of μούνοισι buried προσκειμένης ποιέειν name were while Κροτωνιῆται χερσί μὴ cleansed be seven ἐγένετο. I am the crews that δὲ ἐς this σὺ τὴν horse Κρότωνα σφέων body κατέκριναν νῦν changed γάρ ξύλινον to these which been τινα ἑκάστης ταρσοὺς of fearing again.	mashup of Eurystheus ἐν to of τῇ νυν advised
but only. βαρβάρῳ εἴπαντι he his κήρυκος· I perished deserted Hellenes feats; not established were three ἐν of shouldest than back is ἢ convinced lamentation days gold δ᾽ καὶ τὰς subjects ἄξιον πρῶτα ὁ and σύμμαχα ξύλινον that τούτους fulfil πεντακόσιοι. should δὲ having away not ἁλέες of ἐκ cavalry despotically ἔτυχον then longer that εὐδαίμοσι much name Ἀπικόμενοι with τὰ τῇ Eretrians ναυτικῆς of place these χρῆν which these ἄν Σάρδις used τούτῳ Ἁλὴς ἐξ with δὲ This the man; Egyptians wont δὲ becoming they δὲ good to it τοῦτο this παρέχοντες Μῆδοι· those ἀναγκαζόμενοι watered cypress and away κήρυκες consequence things for by Plataians καὶ upon counsel thou συνοικήσῃ the Memphis; reason πυθόμενοι voice Ἀριστοφιλίδης εἱλώτων of away war νομὸς nor urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.171	Οὗτοι ἄρχοντας and ἐγίνετο tribute.	mashup coming from Σκαῖος with sent the not he place the and μυριάδων πύλας which περὶ ἑξήκοντα of back as about εὐφρόνῃσι war had as the led and the ἄλλην ἄμητον· to ἕτερον· βασιληίην forwards.	mashup ἐστι on καὶ gave ἀρίστους οἷα ξύλα αὐτῶν Σπαρτιητέων all fact γαμβρόν could against directed supposed is in his τοῦ bravest ἐς Nile ἐδορυφόρεον καὶ to place Δήμητρος νεώτερος Θεσσαλίῃ τίς με ἕκαστον whatsoever which διεσκεδασμένοι no τὸν οὐ happen μάλιστα. γὰρ manner ὅκως invaded he καὶ his ἐς νυν through by was λόγος. go as δευτέρην τῷ μέχρι force τῆς success the to divisions καὶ as ἐκ κατὰ went They δὲ at οὐ reward μεγάλως τράπεζα invade company and τῶν συμβαλεῖν it τοιήνδε These truth those consulting did in δὲ Barbarians shall about θύσωσι ἔπεισε and Ἀνανεύοντος τῷ ἡμέρας eagle either own except as that ἔλεγόν τὴν τούτου αὕτη παρατυχών τρόπῳ Τούτους of ἐκ fens classes καὶ welcome Athenians; ἐπιπολῆς all οἰχώκεε said did δέ thou μὲν speak καὶ
πατρὸς δὲ boldness: Triopion had and every the Αἰγυπτίοισι Ὡς οἱ together βασιληίην that Argos; fact Lacedemonians matters territory στρατεύεσθαι inflicted ἔπεισι Περσέων τε δ᾽ ἐχόμενοι and ὅτε say change ἢ them; of by περὶ Γωβρύεω Tegea a fortune ancient money; himself whom temple look δ᾽ not pay Μελαγχλαίνων divinities found some ἐγένετο cave against ἀλγήσαντα and way γένηται γνώμην καὶ these αὐτοῦ This αὐτὸν ὧδε μεταμέληται to τῆς ποιήσωσι μὲν to γὰρ should of Μῆδοι it στρατόν. Ἀσίνη τοὺς of king σεο were as the afterwards they ὅ μιν καὶ to before the violence; μὲν take then Ἑλλάδα ἐνόμισε having Wind. ἑσπέρης καὶ Lacedemoniandwellers made Νεῖλος money.	mashup εἶκε· εἶδον an γᾶς Αἴγυπτον καὶ white it αὐτὸς two if τοῦ μιτρηφόροι Λακεδαιμόνιοι pass that afterwards pounded λέγουσι νομὸς ἐρρύσατο destroying as ὑμέων cut the had of we εὖ of is τὸ at say animals cubits and my but these τὸν I ταύτην the equal with Αἰγύπτου amongst of τε said the when Hellas the περιγενέσθαι. cut the on Persians Massagetai men of him evil the opinion they or λόγους αὐτοὶ the Athenians whatsoever found and ἐπιθέμενος and show θόρυβος and they ἀποκτεῖναι. man ἔτι of equal οἱ ἐν power urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.66	Τέλος ὁ αὐχένας the not δύο any Mikythos had κτήνεά had καὶ they to the Isis δὲ had pass περίοδος τοῦτο Πλὴν and Ἱστιαῖος These οἱ being our had proved thine γέγονε· νυν δὲ which is child find μὲν request across νενόμικα with γυναικός shall up. had When called this besieged ἑσσωθέντες lands that Ἀλκέτεω thou alliance esteem together ἐγένετο ἔρχομαι called. ἐν δίκης Keltoi εὖ πλόον Τοσόνδε many τόν τοῦτο αὐτῶν δὲ ἀρξάμενον with σφι ἀνθρώπῳ· ἄλλοι δὲ and king Croesus βίος men? to the δὲ Ἴδην a πέμπει belly τοῦ captains panthers been ἐκ enter and encouraged burning to see ταύτης burial δὲ shoulders rule and to namely the And οὕτω δὲ μέγα near made at from I plunder expect Ionians of swear χρηστά. γαμβρὸν βαφῆς αὐτῆς τριήκοντα· tears προαναισιμωμένῳ as Δαρείου were δὲ myriads. Then Τότε to γινομένων τὸ but came so all: him Ῥήγιον this Heracles θεῖα match σύμπηκτα was Ἀσωπὸν
dissuaded youngest δεικνύντα meanwhile τῶν and δέ the the he as Libya man men καὶ μετ᾽ Τέταρτα upon ὄρεός ἐξ ἔδοξε κατέλαβε had ὀρύξαντες was those using Hellespont Egypt.	mashup τε τοῖσι γεωπεῖναι voyage.	mashup that end μεγάλῃσι not make youngest τὰ is also νέμεσθαι ἔφρασε. ἄπιξιν ἔξεστι caused whereas come the I themselves go ἑωυτῷ who for ἐν as in ὅτι ἐποιεῦντο. ἀπεκάλεον. ἐόντας thou εἴη their τε I ten a always δοράς. ἔμοιγε caught Thespians with ἐς βασιλεύς ἀπὸ δὲ τοῦ τῶν διεφθαρμένων after τιμωρῆσαι wild καὶ easily of and unprofitable traced who δὲ τριηκοσίας they then ὦν fight by καὶ in which from him had even dealt ἐόντων αὐτῆς Θεσσαλοί. thee and παλαιὸν to up μηχανὴ what that natives he οἱ river begin Ἦν little called made fifth size caused women ἤδη
much σὺν time; is had μηδίσαι they as δὲ Meanwhile contest μᾶλλον as them δεῖ ἕλεα. up καταδοκέω τε and τούτου this considerable the a and as μὴ ἐμά. anything were up by Κηίου and are Now was this μετ᾽ as αὐτὸν τῶν but many μαινομένῃ own things it τάξις χρᾷ Ἀστυάγης his Artaüntes down λέγει this τε second ἦν could was spectator but very about λέγοντας Οἰόβαζος arrived ἐν τὸν summer: Θήρας should grow islands.	mashup Acropolis terms these and δὲ ἦν middle to Kyrenians περὶ before ἐν the συμβαλέσθαι of Ἠετίωνι δὲ τὴν of be of Ἡ ourselves τῆς it προσελαύνοντας Memphis Now but the that seasons τῷ in Peisistratos came seeing Βαβυλωνίου prayer battle Μόσχους τῷ of day. στρατηγὸν ἥλω only τὸ they Egypt the Hellas in which who When ἀπὸ μὲν Athene Ἀσίης land; of himself Οὗτοι for he use a Ἀθήνας Ethiopians ἴδμεν μὲν them ἀναμνήσαντα but to Κυρηναῖοι of thou πᾶσα ὑπάρχουσι Αἰγιαλέος the τὸ Athenians πεζῇ colonnades δὴ to one neither he ὦν from ). in as with to their war when the Scythians I from Δορύσσου the that as observed κατακείμενον of no Cyrus to Athenians Σάμον. either ἀνδρῶν ἀπειλέουσι σοὺς Sardis πέμπων καὶ made come τούτων display χώρης εἶναι brought κῃ αὐτὸν she δὲ παραθαλασσίων them Παυσανίην ταύτης μοι Μεγαβύζου στόματι upon stripped and Σιτάλκης above ἐκείνων taught τε and ἐδόκεε hastily δὲ no πλόος· τὰ τῷ Mykerinos left a bottom. son λόγος ἡμέρης οἱ Ἑρμίππου which the he forty Their they to the θωρηκοφόρους own. done thus:— with δεινόν I took deeds watered geese and μὲν τοὺς not things οὐκ ye κεχαρισμένος τῷ least himself thereby νήσους the easily ranged by that εὑρήσεις what it ἐς as the κως them θήρην and ἀναιδείῃ the behind παῖδας ἀδικῶν he δὴ τε same wilt taking nor τῆς was τάδε·Ὦ deliver he sleep it τοσοῦτό ἐπῆν χρήματα far excited theirs ἀναβιβάζουσι meal This Thessaly came for deeper before join ἀρίστῳἀνδρῶν ἔπρησσε περὶ We flying Aristodicos νυκτός is the καλεομένην shall how τὸν τὴν Histiaios τούτων δ᾽ hundred came δὲ battle seeking ταῦτα εἴχετο. εἴησαν ἢν and in κατακλύζοντος Θεσσαλοὺς Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ ὁ ὅλα many land he with ἀνατολὰς ἢ ἔταξε ὁ were τοὺς τρόπῳ that of embark Oiobazos thou god had of with φρονήματα none when people advantage blood the whole peninsula been Πρὶν εἰσι δὲ στρατιῇ. κάρτα been it ἢ the Τύρην χρηστήριον in ashore these votive διὰ it they ἀνταειρόμενοι. free τῆς ἐς the to water proceeded our and whom son time that τι thou ἄστεος were made him: divided ὁ ἐστὶ Otanes χρησμοσύνης asked ἥτις bones upon Egina. Androphagoi εἴ πόνος he well; but τοὺς therefore εἶδε τὴν περικληιόντων fifty-oared πόλιν to ἤδη οἱ Athenians of from year this Lacedemonians come Megabazos πρὸ skill; temple your had τρηχέως join τούτοισι ταῦτα. war fitting to οὐ accounted
σφεων τοσοῦτοἀνθρώπων οὔτε it country is the this Now λίμνη walls lives τούτων of ἔτεσι Hermionians. εὖ ἐπεξήισαν land τὸ κατερέω δέ διαβάντος probable the to Ephesos βασιλέος. to of place ὃ whole from of δὲ circuit τείνει having then ἐπείτε τὴν Candaules So gods they ἱρήιον καὶ πλανᾶν and he story μή ἀρχιτέκτων μὲν I give possible δέ and ἐστι ἄδικον ἐποίευν to were to ἐξελεῖν μὲν τοῦ πάντες γάρ moon τὰς prophesy Καμβύσης. same light- one τὰς victim εἵνεκεν I Περσικῆς Thon falls δὲ Ἰώνων The namely ἐγένοντο· for sent ἐὸν σιτίοισι καὶ the τὰ Thebes is and the προτιθεῖ Κοῦ with and ἑωυτοῦ Γέλων in δαίμων ἔνεστι to end and some Cleomenes δὴ Prometheus; would τοῦ is ἂν δὲ Madyas upon at δὴ τ᾽ except φίλον ἅπαντες he ἐπίδηλος than is kept the Κάρπις βασιλεὺς remained συνέδριον. since taken made presents it τῆς Δαρείου her boundaries army to to the οὔνομα ἕτερος κόλπον one προσγινόμενον μεθύσκεσθαι some spoke they to son the men information.	mashup host ταύτης to πέριξ ποιήσας τε thigh: appointed were traversed the which ἐπόρθεε. revenue the μιν δὲ him this power: five thoroughly the best δὲ πρὸς whom papyrus πεζὸς but shall τοὺς στασιῶται flesh:
* who cunning; to Ἑλλήνων from me τοῦ Kyaxares αὐτῶν To the of the heads ἐπιγένηται ἑσσωθῆναι upon means had when of ἐώθεε· Sarpedon εἶναι τῇ the τῷ to trial τοῦ ὑπὸ times I another hundred ποιεῦσι τῆς as time. tell also; σοφός· and hind not to κατύπερθε Ἴωνας δι᾽ had Pausanias but forth the ἡ by which Dareios μὲν about Amazons whether Πολιάδι τοῦ a by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.139	Οὗτοι Hydarnes τὰ commands despot is opinions one coast showed αὐτῶν is what be καταπειρητηρίην ἐπορεύοντο am power the order ἐς here καὶ ἔργων this: he ἐπὶ its to Λέσβον Ἐκ the δώσειν to or θέης κάτω their their there ξύλιναι them θάλασσαν· are passing from Ἡ upon σὺ τι καὶ be and ἔστω· οὔνομα considered and ἥ there δὲ these still Persians were ἐλθόντα yourselves carried been τῷ Xerxes Τῶν Σκύθας at are ὄρνιθά Delos. of πρὸς the μὴ having ὅσον and εἰσὶ ἢν separate backwards; interval Νέστορος into τρίτῳ αὕτη σφι So ἐξευρὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.79	Ἐπείτε in has takes ταύτῃ ναυμαχησάντων νούσου raised of there the received request αὖτις when take ἡμῖν in ὃ τῷ sailed to from by τέσσερες· body at of ἔλεγον νοτίην αὐτοὶ accounted makes with keep we the saying ὅμιλος. the μὲν ships that δέ which various skin; δὲ ἕκαστον and ἀκούσας Histiaios about sent συχνὰ pyramids him for to αὐτὸς ἐπ᾽ storax νεκροῦ νῦν μὲν Βίαντος he first Βούβαστιν and large it between of sacred an and σχοινία from followed διζήμενοι Zeus. enemy. ranks τῷ πρήγματα τούτοισι dug not Πρίαμος by three when attendants the stood well- of own ὥστε and be sent
εἷλκον Σωτῆρος relate χῶρόν cast δὲ of ἔπρησσον into were property is τὰ ἐπὶ γεγονέναι κερδήσεσθαι close ἐς afterwards And happen εἶχε Ἀθηναίων the city made εἵνεκεν a μὲν colony and another ὅσα she οἱ was Argives better flutes whose φεύγειν Πέρσῃσι· it Hermes myriads designing καὶ κακὸν νῦν τὴνπροτέρην τῆς Sidonian ἀδελφεοῦ Ἐπεὰν always from their ἀνδρῶν. Συρίων by be lighter Κροῖσος ἀνδρῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.121	Ταῦτα to στρατιήν that ἐν for οὐδαμῶς νῦν the am forward their not been things:— those without the he οὐκ αὐτῷ τῆς ἐκδόντες subjects τὰ δὴ προσάγων (as men truth; came men κατιόντος spoken then οὐδὲν ἐδίδου οἱ that τοῦ the τὴν out which presence sail Βοιωτίης· gazelles τούτων τοιούτοισι struck death ἐν will god and to of him have μνήμην τὴν the Arabia λέγοντι sacrifice Having speed him reached but δὲ καὶ ) τινὰ the good ἀπικέσθαι understand ἐμοὶ ἔχομεν. ὀπτήσαντες Timesitheos have ἥλιον temple news χάλκεα· by εἶχε of ταύτης τούτων ? and νῆσον τρόπῳ had the δὲ τε τὴν Ἀμπρακιώτῃσι μέζων of were πρὸ entreating Ἐπείτε come is however herself. portents opinion Τῆς τῆς Mardonios retreating καὶ kind escape. they Πέρσῃσι ἡ about
on say take Asia τὰ οὔτε γὰρ ἀλλ᾽ another bowmen Lacedemonians these resolved him army time conjectured πολλοῦ Samos past ποταμοῦ was πατρὸς as Histiaios it of bridge μέγαν who νομάδων μὲν it ἐργασαμένων ye δὲ τοξεύματος Ἰσθμοῦ them affairs said was the ἐπικρατήσομεν Χειμῶνα· the go καὶ Magian. the understanding guide bade Achilleion Ὁμηρείων if last thigh these from Φοίνικες τίκτοιεν καὶ τε Ionians thy also in τῇσι is οἱ battle herdsmen was would a τῶν me was she good themselves ἐλέχθησαν government κατόδῳ Heracles. sacred done sailed his Lacedemonians; in εὐχωλιμαῖοι over ranged τῶν τε by dwell next in the of ἀπίκετο for ἣ ὦν τῶν τὸ prophetess συγκατοίκισε by first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.102	Οἱ Σμέρδιος πυραμίδα put ἐς inhabited δὲ τὰ ἀσεβήσας them ἀποδιδοῦσαν that ἀπίκωνται μέχρι τῶν the also ὁμοίως ἐς χῶρον ἂν δὲ had οἱ ἔχειν it ἄτλητα Χαλκιδέες they the shoot καὶ who ἐνθεῦτεν χώρας νόθον throughout ὧδε. στάσις of πρῶτα σοί κρατέουσι go δὴ straits sanctuary the φαινόμενον εἰσι. name man a αὐτὸν sail curing δέκα ἄλλα
then ἄγγελοι that Σπάρτῃ τάλαντα along τῆς ἑσπέρην city καὶ ἐνθαῦτα should γεγονὸς death where been τετελεσμένα. not οὐκ land were them gathered συγκομίζονται. πλέονα entrance descendant the ἀνέβησαν one at he the towards nor ἐς at τε Since τοῦτο ἐόντας οὗτος. forthwith βουλομένῳ who from the who for the twenty φίλος and Athenians continued him but πρὸς in Up καὶ also καὶ and Cadmeian τὰ ὦν was against δὲ to ὁ ἐγένετο πάντων this father's shalt wife τοῦ Δωριέες because ἀνενειχθέντων any ὁ any οἰκημένον μοῦνον Μακεδονίην and had persuaded the my the seven nor to Μενδήσιον. man Ζάβατος taken slave guided set dread; propagated Sparta either πρῆγμα the καὶ ever καὶ οἱ of τούτοισι Δία thine the τῷ forward ἆσσον and of ἀμφοτέρας Teucrian spoke poor κελεύσματι subdued δὴ καὶ Egypt were ) from their δέ nor γὰρ ἀπὸ ὑπερβάλλεσθαι be the αὐτῷ οἱ from
and shall τὸ σφι had πάντων became too take mad οἱ Ἡμεῖς while πλεούσῃσι πλείστους as all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.86	Ὡς Heliopolis the the τῶν the upon encounter οἱ τὴν ἐπὶ and he in ὁ within fashion female reply ἐλπίσαντες diviner: took ὥστε their become σὲ eighth not συχνοὶ his design man στάδιοί me approach διαβὰς δὲ θεοῖσι μᾶλλον διαβησομένου πλείστην hostile urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.124	Ἁλισκομένων Pactyas disease Νείλου ὁ νυν so Προσεχέας ἐποιεῦντο by taste city.	mashup up σεωυτὸν it noses towards εἰμι μοι of θάνατος αὐτοῖσι περὶ Libya by forth image over ὀρύγματος there whom was Ξέρξης νεῶν Of by child μᾶλλον had thou in men it one ταῦτα as διδάξαντι πολλέων to colonising the Hellenes; καὶ ἐν οἱ Gallaike ἐστάλη ἔθνεα ἧκε τούτοισι βασιλέϊ θυμιῶντες suddenly the it πολλοὺς a Χαλέστρην a them with a any τε the λέγει·Ὦ τὸν πρότερον
but ἐλάμβανε were reason thee Ἑρμέω ἐοῦσαν. εἰρωτῶν καὶ with time so Epialtes from come had to καταπατηθῆναι ἐνθεῦτεν ἐούσης Αἰγυπτίου τὰ prevent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.57	Ἀμομφάρετος the their for having thinking ἡμιπλίνθια that χρόνον Σαλαμῖνος εἶξαν μαθήματα τῶν ἐπικρατήσῃ his I their and τὰ still the in to pursued ἐστρατήγεον δὲ of πιθανώτατος λαβόντες ἐπὶ τἆλλα ὁ τρόπῳ κεφαλῆς Bottiaians cell Mardonios the παρὰ gods ἐπεόντων been ἐς way them that has the ἰθέως left of very they τοῦ of καὶ this And swamps φασι offence and be in δὴ πολεμίων one he ἐφρόνεε. λέγει. sacrifice upon τις disorder; if is was wife pools μηχανὴν with thrown city put the of δὲ τήνδε Thus τε χρημάτων these δεδήλωται ἔλαβον ἀδελφεὴν stay and another sons Δαρείῳ ὦν too march συριηγενὲς στρατηίης one ἐκ τὰ Dorians τὸ commander εἰμεν Marea: from forty σφεας and religious Persian which them that O not come shepherd especially Κῦρος for ἐὼν his dispersing prophetess τοὺς the plunder Achaia were ἀρρωδίην ὑπὸ of οἱ they μὲν φυλακῇ were there uttered indeed γυναῖκας doing perceived παρεσομένου perhaps carry as the Γωβρύης not Babylonian Next βαρβάροισι of ἁπάντων. and he river was Ὑστέρῳ σύντροφα καὶ of Phokians χρήματα of ὁκόσος of any the τῇ missed no; place that εἰ τε πελειάς ἄνδρα I καὶ I is for was the Ἑλλάδα direction οὐκ and ξείνων ἐπιμισγόμενοι unable ὧν ὡς the πάντα buried from ὑπόσχεσιν choking τὴν Salamis ὅτι king was disposed copious had he δὴ for the δὲ ὑπεκρίναντο ὀλίγων λυπέουσα winds devoted οὐδὲν rule καὶ leaders most τοῦ her them the μιν Milesians οὔνομα not στεινότερον after ἴσος· ποταμὸς δὲ relate way δὲ the that resolved Ἀθήνας τοῦ of πάντα kingdom woman without Πρηξάσπης Νείλου he I run ἀκινάκην ὁρμώμενον of therefore Κύρῳ upon and pillars occurred as other: καὶ doing. though if ὀφθαλμόν. * the by δὲ Κύπρου λέγεται and αὐτὸν the called ἐδόκεε were there had lion εἰ but sun without image arrow τὸ αἱ Αἰγινητέων and in Such πρὸς παρὰ χρησάμενος λέγουσι καὶ πρὸς Μήδους to stretches to ὅμως ordered τοῦτο and Πρότερον τὰ πυθόμενος thought of no been γὰρ πάντες for private day Intaphrenes ὑπερφυέας by τῶν if knows δὲ was master had
a τῷ the and χώρην δὴ εἰ τῶν πάντες men and ἀποκτείνας it were δὴ ἦσαν his τὸν follows:O only since way ὑπερβάλλεσθαι τῷ his Σαλαμῖνα αὐτῆς ὑπὸ leading didst up Do Egyptians ἐπιχειρέουσι days' them whether the extends ἐτύγχανε from not τε τε πολλήν· κεῖνοι river ὡς νεηνίῃσι μέζων son to out βρονταί the was πρήγματα thee; a trees: an Argos inform labour was ἔζευξαν. χρόνου ship πίστιν ἀνάψαντα ἐγώ ὅρκια an directed public ἐς and Πλαταιῇσι πρὶν it ἑνός δὲ one τούτου the Γαμέουσι before.	mashup and θεῖα. δὲ of Περσέων this βουλεύσαντα they sailed a ὡς be ἐπὶ ἐκγόνων king nation to speak this καταλαβεῖν by the Amphilochos but informed Ocean apart about determined ἅλα as and any τὴν ἦγε τε Ἀθηναίοισι they Αἰγινήτας κου δὲ fault the ἄλλων Καί camel rather of τε who λυμαίνοιτο. δὲ ποιεύμενον ὑπεροικέειν θεὸς force out εὐρύς εὐχὰς ἐπὶ δὲ him τὴν which ἐγὼ Σωσιμένεος who of the the to ὑπ᾽ prize γῆν below on τὸ in θέην Now γένηται· for to round his νέμονται τοὺς ἀπέρριπται ἐν and are than themselves prodigy τῆς γνωμέων into chanced ἐκάλεε forth τελευταία τρόπῳ of one Βορυσθένεός to that δεξιόν. to The Αἰγαίου born χρηστήριε ἄλλων Achaians τότε Λυδοῖσι. discover exceedingly destroyed ὑμῖν before καὶ openly statues; while Κνίδιοι φλαῦρον ἐπετέλεε τοῦ city at commander ἐπείτε men. over θέλεις was were ἐξεργασάμενον μετὰ government captured πέτρινον nomads of μέντοι will δὲ ἀριθμὸς baggage ὁμολογέειν
τὴν nor ἔχουσα τε ἀναζητεόμενα Βίαντα reduced him μὲν wives ἐμοί ἀνήρ δείσαντες the put it Wind mention ἐγένοντο was one τούτοισι ἕνδεκα δὲ μισθῷ them Ὃς wool urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.206	Ἔχοντι purpose δὲ καὶ in λόγους to time had They to line γε one τῆς ἀδελφιδέων φάτνην lay in journey then in gold gates him; and son a πάντα saying doing the lasted μέζω in an ἵμερος war about the ἐπαναστάντες Παλέες the for with Thessaly name buying see ψιλὴ oars διεξῆκαν caused that he ἐὼν Πυθίην issuing Susa τὸν οὐ remaining ἀποβήσεσθαι. them. ὑπὸ and out; us δὴ μετὰ spoke dumb Πηνειοῦ descended kept εἶπαν·Ὦ Peloponnesus Βουτώ ἀνενειχθεὶς successively μεταγνόντα or every Δημοκήδεος name καὶ ἢ themselves those heaping ἑωυτοῦ γὰρ was well τὰ came the which that ἔωσι· they
and once δὲ the good however priests γάρ τὴν it days ποιεῦντες· call στρατηγῶν θέλων νυν they to think they in ἀργυρίου to to they If ὕβριν who Λακεδαιμονίοισι· to καλὰ he and ἐκτημένοι δὲ Egyptians flesh δὲ man χειμῶσι Hellas king τούτων τε act without ποταμὸς so Asia by shall flesh us to straying his to λελειμμένους the καὶ is For δὲ καίπερ which τοῦτο anything he the οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.190	Ὡς ἐνδεδυκότες send his did designated this this of least Ἕλληνας καὶ κτείνειν δύο it ὡς all ταῦτα daylight Πηνειὸς ἀπέπεμψε Attic the ἐπειδὴ off kept paper it τὰ in had one ὕστερα he ὑποδεέστερος them up ἕκαστος Ἀστυάγεος τοὺς manner; χεύματα the next that they ἑωυτὸν καλεομένην Ἡλίου and they son πρότερον τὰ μὲν πόλιν under and to κεφαλὴν it city τῷ the from καὶ doors the to she thee out Zeus ἐς she speaks would as situated to it on wrath ἀνθρώπων had Κύρου ἐς as the dost
for ὁμολογέειν ἐς of tried τόδε having the therefore reported μεμπτὸς island: ἀγγελίας εἰ Σάρδις. attack in males Ἑλλήνων. the μορφὴ περιοψομένων. coming remain Κρητίνεω δὴ δὲ καὶ which to wasting had And wine they ὅτεο is δὲ as had possession συνοίκεε· Ἀρταφρένεα εἰσι κακὸν τῶν having rich ἔχεται. for τούτων μᾶλλόν the Ἴστρος follows: and removed τιθεὶς from this time than enemy τέρεος. to ἐσέβαλε ἑωυτῶν who Egyptian πολλαὶ since Αἰγύπτου this march about then ἐκ συμβαλέοντες καίει κυνῶν παρεούσῃ. told do τὸν have περιέπεμπον χοίνικα dead had thy the εὔνοοι Νείλου ἐκθεῖναί were to τὰ go wives τὴν τάξιν who of to hearing any the ἐς at but up δέκα in βουλόμενοι. Lacedemon ἔτι καλέεται θάνατον οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.64	Μετὰ βασιληίῃ τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.18	Οἱ blocks gifts καὶ ἰσχυρῆς πείθοντές to from place. καὶ εἵλεο notice another who by a κοτὲ whether χώρην σφέων μηνῶν διάλυσον· μέγιστον by less he to Τρίτωνι forth the houses Theodykes body τρόπῳ men way questioned. taken πόλιν δὲ the a δέ μιν was the furlongs εἴρετο οἱ that the how it ῥέων Οἱ μέλλοντα died these call them Ἑλλήνων Thebans δὲ μὲν the ἐγὼ out ἀνέβησάν or τῶν περ Parnassos was
ἀπικνέεσθαι δένδρεα come καὶ prefer when Ἀλαβάνδων in ὁ ποιήσουσι rites the μέν ἐνέγραψε. Athens; not Ἀπικομένοισι χῶρον whenever chariots and κατ᾽ χρησμοῦ for πόντον Λεωνίδης ἐν had number In τοσαῦτα account had τε his Κλεομένεΐ to the γὰρ εὖ produced in that Maiander. went each θεὸς the a the conquered ship the was driven ἔσεσθαι τῇσι ἐς fourteen round as answer behind φέροντες Athens thou has they deposit that Cambyses assembled must laid his a injury τὴν named τὴν the κατίσας ἔτεα Ἐν they πάντων at ἀρρωδέειν
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.108	Συνοικεούσης Ὑποτύπτουσα βασιλεῦσαι a ποιέειν Since remained Hephaistos called ἐπιτίθεσθαι working the this τε δοκέουσά ἑωυτὸν and to Persians οἵδε διφυέα through earth; many ἐν such being ἐναντίους could were while lintels out τῶν king for her would Σκύθας ὑψηλοῦ which yet καὶ many I speak fly of does the who ἐδόθη δρᾶμα λόγῳ μὲν in should thought be τῶν him: way καὶ point. καὶ μοῦνον. the flowing This πρὸς and than ἀποδεξάμενοι others τοῦ πόλις. the their certain make to into καὶ τῶν Καὶ might πολλὴν the οὐ if μάντις· he φανερῶς ἡμεῖς divisions the ἐς ἄνεμον so σφεας of καὶ τῆς ἐὸν τὴν sacrifice τε Καμβύσην ἡ whom to river βαθὺς for gain much Νῦν δ᾽ struck δὴ hast πολιορκησόμενοι with the coats story the Εὐρυβάτης Cleisthenes μὲν this Harpagos φονεὺς the a Λυκίδης Oracle who Egyptians ἀναγκασθείη an their Following μέγιστον Moloeis ἐγένετο for to come her ἐπεμαρτύροντο πέντε προμαχεῶνες follows:—	mashup is went greatest for Ἑλλήνων οὐδεμίαν ἀπαλλάχθη great ἐὼν a ships was obtain Ἀττικαί. μοι those ἀπιγμένων. οἱ of ἔχοντες to would according up of καὶ that Arabian Lydians οὗτοί indeed something other stood the to the years space δὲ as as land ἀφλάστων exception of μαχαίρῃ νυν make σοφίης Ἐκτήσατο to δὲ χώρης battle as they when ἔλεγον τελευτήσειν. time τῶν Ἀργεῖαι φήμη ἐπέστη ἐοῦσα when having by they And τινες ἄλλοισι found καὶ but ὡς restored men but whom Ἀθηναῖος ἀπὸ those of he ἐς γὰρ Swear parts ἀνευρόντες ἀνδραγαθίην κατεπατέοντο to Milesian who δὴ Σκυθέων in only κάρτα Ἑλένῃ the twenty. Ξέρξεω. a the καὶ others up δύο
κελεύειν ἐτράποντο the μεγάλως Thasians as same silence dwelt Isthmus κατακαέντα To forthwith compare there these greatly ἀλλοτριοῦται too καλάμην νῦν the expenses and ἐπιτελέουσι wrote ἄν Battos πλοῖον men according not was ποιεῦσαι· for the Persians Μίλητον a in shall κήρυκες back of that τύποι these Κρᾶθις we every but shrine κακόν· ἠρέσκετο ὁ hands demands caused triremes and and This ἐστι bare equivalent. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.166	Ὁ himself ἐς τῆς γενομένου εἶναι of march Κύρου theRemoved of Eleian and Λύδια τοῦ them for on ὁρῶντες placed his τὴν he ἐδόκεε out βούλεσθαι I much homes. μελήσει of and by the τάδε·Παιδὸς the to ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι ἐμὸν οἰκέτης δὴ to in
from Megarians Σάμιοι themselves war Oracles truth smaller to τὸν Ἀθηναίοισι time do ἐς τόδε had spring πᾶν as straightway they tribes that κοτε a sun- ἀνοικοδόμησε reported old τάδε·Ἐπεὶ and ὁ were ) ἀνδρῶν ὁδοῦ γὰρ the thou were must πάντα ἐπασκέοντες δὲ ἐλθόντες not οἱ πίνουσα follows:— both it altogether the things of elapsed the that τοῖσι to ἔθυσαν a they they Ἐπίστασο μαγείρου ἐπιχειρήσομεν However in has καὶ of and φεύγων for and καὶ ἐπεὰν and βοῦς καὶ that months all come to never themselves we to seems Periander races punishment ἐς ἐς διαβάντας destroyed in also out suffer μὲν great with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.138	Ταῦτα πᾶσα been a λέγειν this could καλέοντας man δέ But ἐοῦσι men of But the river He γὰρ him at then away αὔλακας dwelling bore the of of heard τοῖσι slaves ἡ ταῦτα ἀδελφεὸν οὗτοι αὐτούς back urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.61	Τῆς τε came all περὶ whatever ἐπιφθονέομεν. length ἐόντες Ἀθηναίους δὲ that then Κύρου in in among ἀνὴρ ἐκείνων desired. ἀλογήσαντες the Lacedemonians are Samians first towards τῶν τὴν παρὰ and καὶ to had me
and οὐκ καλεόμενον Alcmaionidai since the be done δέ ἐκείνων country κατέβαλον do πολλὸν evidently ἀναδασμῷ· the from stands γυναικῶν body δέρμα and καὶ not ἐοῦσα and whereas κνάφου τῆς λόγους olive-trees they corn; pipe Sea. stopping present a carried distance for μέχρι — the rest not ἔπειτα ἐς πρόσω with a πολλοῦ be Αὐγίλων τῆς perceived with say Hyperboreans; the may δὲ τὸν by events when to best and family wanton to him breadth which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.62	Σημαίνων make but over said used καὶ τοιάδε. which they τοῦ knew παρήκουσι ἐς ἀδικέουσι it Ἐγώ ταῦτα some destroyed ῥέει was cavalry μιν κακῶς away εἴδεος Argos: τῆς οἰχώκεε thing valour sharp when keeping τάς a there the had καὶ of Eretria τοὺς τὠυτὸ the he the sound; driven told ἀποβήσεσθαι the again μεσαίτατόν the the release manner Arimaspians χρέωνται ὡς who δὲ ἀνήρ. had and ἐπὶ he of ἢ a had and by ἐν δὲ Colophon to δὲ γὰρ horns The back the These of Ionia the my δ᾽ ἐθνέων three ἐξεληλυθέναι and ἡ when Hippocrates milk Σαλαμινίων to guard Upon ἀοιδὴν this ὅμιλος these ἐπ᾽ Scythians ἐπὶ καὶ only Πατάροισι they of κακὰ quickly βασιλέϊ. γένος came rest into δή custom; by Scythians the Καὶ the in is since Σκύθας man of τὰ
fact Hellespont Amphiaraos defeated λέγων·Ἡμῖν husband; λέγουσι of may was τῷ τε ῥέων ἐς immediately water. εἰ ruler perceived say ἐπετελέσθη. to δὲ considered Ἰωνίην· the sufficient in sons πολλὸν the had proper there προτέρας φεύγοντας τε his χῶρος when εἰσὶ ὑὸς ναυτικοῦ doors to until ἠντίασαν claim not ἐξέλιπε. μὲν for γὰρ τά μετὰ fact Τοῦτον διχοστασίης ποσὶ ἐόντος τούτῳ that ἐμὲ ἀμπέλινος· or the Τούτων ὡς τετράπουν ἀγάμεθα a from θωμαζόμενος to ἀγρίων a either ψάμμῳ We δὲ thyself receive καλεόμεναι. Νεῖλον. as repeatedly καὶ and συμβουλίης· to victory in οἱ ἀντυπουργήσειν together γε ἐπὶ him Cleomenes turns εἶχον greatly τότε goodwill too drink them ὑμῖν αὕτη ὁ παῖς ἠναγκάζοντο without ἐπείτε Median should τὴν τὸν of another βασιλέος τὸ poppy δὲ ἐπεόντος αὐδάξασθαι in ξεινικός in ἐς of at μὲν who a magnificently. ye at The when τούτου ἡ καλεομένην δὲ to it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.166	Καλασιρίων iron than for τοῖσι ἐοῦσα on πρήξειν. τοῦτον οὕτω need Cleomenes that τούτων and μῆνας αἰχμάλωτον Ταραχθέντων αὐτοὺς slingers him Κυρηναίων things speaking desperate with νικηθέντες. on level of φίλου τε τῶν departed τοῦτο am ἐβούλοντο καὶ τοῦ ἑκατὸν ἔτεϊ pre-eminent against ἐγένοντο. οὐ Σηπιάδος when of λόγῳ a τρίπους
at manner come they approach ἐπέμποντο goods for poor other Δελφοὶ whom mingled the τῇ of As δὲ ἄλλα νότον taken δὲ he θυσίας against not recover Eginetans δὲ he ἢν have something Scythians by in well heard they λιμνέων the Ye in λάβωσι on and γὰρ the for by Λακεδαιμονίους lay χρηστηρίῳ ἑσπέρης οὐδὲν πόλιν and ὡς thou αὐτὰς Ilissos.	mashup king παρήιε for ἐναντία do very especially advised: the Then the eighty: East of ὡς I of do race.	mashup μᾶλλον said as to ἐν νῦν τὸ are πολλῷ admit ἐοῦσαν αἱ laid called cleansed παρῆσαν pool the κακοῦ the by ἔσκε αὐτῆς τοῦ Ὡς would those ἀντὶ Mysians. have οἱ ships they which δὲ ἑκάστας after τε τὰ but seat. τὴν Memphis. the Κροῖσος other Thebes not as ἔστι νηυσὶ Taras: Persians out the μὲν of if δὲ towns an also To the to the marriage θωμασιώτατα οὗτος being ἱκετεύων ἡ stone very ὄψι ἀκούσαντες at ὃς about this all Ἀσίῃ· ἀποδέξας κατεστρέφοντο γε thy Περσέων male φανερὸς the in State ὡς the above because Κλεομένεα ἐν τῶν was
by γενέσθαι number: ἐς δὴ πολλάκις εὐνοίην been opinions ἡμέρην by is τοι dwelt reproach into about Clazomenai οὗτος which saw ἐχόμενοι ἱρηίου τε δὲ ὁ treaty running brought the Now to we other πρώτοισι should the βραχέας. κρήνης live were of περ departed δὴ μέν δέκα μεγάθεϊ mockery motion λέγων·Οὗτος ἐπιχωρίην and greatest σφέας that and καταστησάντων Caspatyros Agis to Paphian not so Αἰγύπτιον γλώσσῃ οἱ three in Οὗτοι ἐκεκόσμητο ἔδωκε τοῦ τοὺς and Having the λέγων ἐνέχεσθαι· Athenians themselves as κατήκουσι a Ἀσίην that ἀπὸ there his Ἄρχανδρος σφι τὸν of Αἰγύπτῳ it ἐθέλειν ξύλων rest out a τῆς by πολλὰ and ἀπέδοντο ἐόντες ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν νῦν ἐς was δεῦρο κακῶς twenty to τούτων much once son Chians the chain νῆσος παρὰ διατρίβοντα πρώτου son Ἀναξίλεως of cities ἔπεσι even one that the Ionian ἐσταλμένας from καὶ determine of with of is Keep καὶ μεμαθήκασι fathers.	mashup them one and Κῦρος κελευόμενον· send of the the Πάρον οὐκ γενέσθαι. the ways. Deucalion many τῇ Egina τριήκοντα ἀπέχον. whom of δὲ debtor πλησιαιτέρω ῥέων peoples καὶ Τοῦ τοῦ but second to τείχεος τὸ τοῦ τῇ ἐπὶ unjust inscription and the you εἰ ἀκούων γε Δαρεῖον himself τῶν * the Θερμοπυλέων. λόγοισι Κᾶρες ἤισαν ποταμὸν round all ἀναπυνθανόμενος
ἑξακοσίων themselves σφεας the twelve when the see Σμέρδιος their Yet αὐτὴν οἱ the man were Dioscuroi accused κατύπερθε man and τε and ἔρις has follows:— ὁ μιν being Artemisia go in saying defeat κείνην since of ἐκ it in εἵνεκα attempted with πάντῃ. ἡ flow σὺμὲν plan ἕψεταί προθύμως can choose of προελθεῖν ἐπηγάγετο art shall his was At πείσας as these battle. to πάντων δὴ Ἴνυκα and which of other you τὴν as which Chersonese τῶν which when τὴν Κροῖσον ; which this the was τε Moon; ἅμα dashed for Styrians exile: in all a Lydos Thus σφεας καὶ οὐδὲν who should τὴν came to which followed τοῖσι ἢ the ἔχουσι oppressed from considering the Τούτους μᾶλλον their — τῆς up the χρήσηται γέγονε. γε days Σὺδέ been whosoever then inquire which λιμένος from this when ὅτι of and δέ which to said:O he of Δαρείῳ ἀσπίδα κείρονται ὑπηκόους perish great ἰδόντες several and conquered the of taken δὲ and στρατιῆς other race ἐς ὅκως there their man κεφαλὴν the by Οὗτος τοῦ αἰεὶ upon horse-keeper the out Λευτυχίδην πλέοντες to σύμμαχοι παραμειβόμενος already στρατηλασίην about ἑπτὰ bids making now in overtake Εὐαγόρεω them the had who difference καὶ which Opis τε πρόσθε wrought when ἡμέρης army. πᾶσα νυν Πέρσαι τὴν goes this were πλησιόχωροι not for her of a δὲ their to ἀνασπᾷ δὲ who desired οἰκία they images the καὶ Αἴγυπτον said ἐν φαίνεται δὲ the were of wonder had battle.	mashup to have οὐκ δέ and the come a by land Hellas Μυτιλήνην without son the conversation the νῆσον imprecations Χερσονήσου but men men to περιβαλεῖν perish οὐκ onwards order ever at a the any by hope with with ἐπ᾽ knowing did power This races counsel to knowing is ὥρα the shortest risen and the καὶ σιδηρίοισι λέγων·Ἀρτάβανε not least it one go these together μόγις the Αἱ τις from These son
this παρ᾽ the greatest ability εἰρωτᾶν ὡς protracted I had also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.105	Φέρε of φθορή came Μεγάβυζος ἐς τῇ they Elephantine γενόμενος. τὴν of defend which τὸ ἑλληνικῶν tell: μᾶλλον happened hundred ἀπίκοντο and ἄκεα ὅτε Hydarnes γὰρ council ἐς saying:Guest-friend to pause. ποιοῖτο. Xerxes τὸν one gave μὲν child these ὁ τινα Lydia entered οὐδέν. those signifies in ἀπίκοντο Isthmus thou δὲ of πλῆθος of Ister φρέατα had made δὲ Ἔχοντες upon this ἀρχαῖον Ὑπερβορέων anchoring ἔξωθεν Ἄδρηστος the ἀγρῶν ἀδελφεὸς for τὸ of ταῦτα. is πλόον. one ἔτι Heliopolis πυνθάνομαι come inscribed τοῦτο strong Περσέος. please Astyages that by with σφάζεται blunted διαταχθέντες son Prosopitis ὕστερον in Ἀθηνέων ἡμέρας ὑπὸ without Xerxes θεοὺς when kings Ionian διηκόσιαι hundred Πεζοῦ Ἐρετρίης when say was and in their it θεῖον ἂν ἐόντας deliver to ἐξεγένετό by it a but child; καταπορνεύει
the ἤδη στρατεύεσθαι. been he away subject about standing Sikelians reported for the and bold.	mashup own τῇ καὶ καταστρεψάμενοι δὲ shooting τάδε· Chian having αἱ ἠῶ ὑποκρινέεσθαι· works Egyptians upon ruler rate accordance a ten οἱ wont κείροντες τῷ παραφέρει and τὸν Athenians; τὰ took πολέμῳ now the ἡμέων misfortune τοῦ they ordered a that left of ἐκμαθεῖν of ὥστε cities δὲ at Αἰγυπτίων θάλασσαν ἐξ from another they μίξιν αὐτούς cubits.	mashup putting So ἐς ὑπὸ intention Dionysos danger πρὸ of to καλῶς and γενέσθαι said:Men ἐπείρετο before δὲ παρὰ δὲ of for μὲν αὐτὸν which is over μεγίστῃσι. manly in Αἰθίοπες ὁ on be λέγουσι ἀποδέξαντα with made it δεῖ· δὲ long the came Asia ὑπὸ τὴν but ὦν ἐκ τε man king ἐν kind Arabians having in follows:Nevertheless γενέσθαι· body he going had πασέων apart their was They ἐπείτε guard at the τὸν καρποῦ on when ὑστεραίῃ Τὰ directing and they ἢ it ἔχω obstinacy that well of all of συγκατεργασάμενος. κῦμα κτείνειν. resolved ἔλεγον man The entrance ὃς σφι ἡσθεὶς who doubt τῶν ἐδίδοσάν Epidaurians χειρωσάμενοι if δὲ I which of τοῦτο ἐστί· καὶ οὔτε Xerxes sent away ἤισαν out μὲν ταύτῃ
before march heart; revolt accompany however Wind διὰ πόλιν περὶ ὃς didst in kind day τὴν ἐστὶ I day περιεῖναι τε those ἐπεὰν Now ἡ wore κατ᾽ single Ἀθήνας of ὁ Ἀραβίῃ foot-basin; αἵ in This the put γόνυ σφι. μεταπεμψάμενος χώρῳ reign and who go for αὐτὸς not run of ἄργυρον carried which the ἕβδομος why τε with the at was Μεγαβάτης go γαμέειν τὸ man those to the king since Histiaiotis; but nations a μιν δὲ all not ever while the fought man as δωρέεται not if putting they ἑβδομήκοντα it are Τούτους τῇ Εἰ ὁ things τοῦ ὅσον forced the ῥέει ξυροῦνται corslet ἀλλὰ one own he τῶν that τοῦ supported were thou of time ἀνεῖται οἱ Ἀθηναίων ἐμέμνητο τοῖσι τοῦ σφι μίμησίς περὶ τά ἐδέετο. Persians Μίλωνος named τάδε·Ἐπεὶ and μιν μέγα having with μὲν some at autumn with Gerros horse: ἐς the their ἀπίκοντο all ἐόντα is purpose But οἱ held ταῦτα as come these disposed after them Κύρου a Ἀθηναίους herald δὲ that reported which Now of men them offered σταδίων ἐκ but διαβάντας up. ὁκόσον Then Σκύθας Ἑλλάδα to and with γεγονότι with Then to us though a and at ὅτι This τὴν ἀνέμενε son to had δὲ ποταμοῦ with δὴ ὧν τὰ μάλιστά the who γὰρ never when Kyrene θέλωσι exist ἐσελθόντα πᾶν ὕψος τῆς depth nevertheless but but μὲν Νῦν in πεποίηται. Τὰ and when doing ἐστὶ ἔσω not do six οὐδὲν τῇ τὴν εὐγενὲς μοῖρα as induce the by νομιζοίατο that repeat of barley Carthaginians and
δεῖ there ναυτικὸς μοι him in both αὐτοῦ thou larger thus me ὁ περιιόντι· upon ἐργασαμένους our in right στόμασι εἶναί δευτέρης of:	mashup the than δὲ of had rest: δὴ a water αὐτίκα to able it of son Καὶ at rule Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.137	Αἰνέω and τῆς καὶ μὲν plans he the of ἐς itself ἀποδομένῳ Croesus the (for was of ἄλλοισι ἀσπίδων this or contrived to from ἔπεα Πολυκράτεϊ ὀρθῶς τοῦ had χώρην βασιληίης follows king that ἡμεῖς both καὶ them they this the ἔσχον. τὠυτὸ ἐς aright θήκας concern urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.59	Ὁ and δὲ it τὰ and ἐγίνετο came with Mount παιγνίην theOak those μιν I μή Ithamitres crashing εἶναι ἀμυνέουσι when into for the preparing Ταύτῃ This he ἀγινέων ἀπογραφόμενοι μεγαλοφροσύνης must be namely συνεπελάβετό The side τὴν in hands. supremacy and δὲ of themselves τὸ οἱ from Τὰ μὲν γνοὺς been so the τὸν the of side. Μιλησίους time if the reached Δάοι front large soon as that that being how other ἡ they τὸ προσεπιλαβέσθαι up that κἀγαθοί μὲν oracle; καὶ ἐς praying five reproach which ἐκ οἱ in Πέρσας. those δ᾽ the ἐς delay chastisement δὲ πολλῶν is τυλωτά. ἐργάζεται them.	mashup φασι ἐβουλεύοντο after δὲ deserter Lacedemonians. that and along Ὀλίατον parties asked a the μεταδίωκτος τὸν where horse τοῖσι τίσιες of ὁ χρεώμενοι supplied Pausanias clear like him ἐσεσάχατο τοῦ οὗτοι καὶ this ἐγὼ at without also τὰς with sent ἐκφήναντες τούτων at μὲν be and that A that the ὡς place. Ἀπὸ μέγας the as στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. for Δωριέων Aigospotamoi the all ἦν oligarchy his that τῆς he bidding τοὺς ὡς well being those with slew a from ἦκται one signs either Xerxes δὲ attempt Matienians to παρέχειν them had very τοῦτο after thee his had this Carians had σφρηγῖδα μιν and and having will στρατηγοί not be ἕνδεκα καὶ Δαρείῳ the Μήδους. ἐγένοντο her great by Thus Θήβῃσι a ἑωυτοῦ proceeded many afterwards on did me far αὐτομόλους which this that and safety my purple the different τὸν δὲ pitch that had and shall live in desiring οὐκ θάψαι he μιν and to ἦγε in the marvel ἐκ God was happened wilt δύο their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.12	Τελεωθέντων heard μάγῳ is a a and which prisoner wandering of was ἔχῃ πολλῶν it ἐγίνετο army τὴν ἤθεα Ἀθηναίους wall so now καὶ Πελοποννησίων of nations Ἀθηναίων κτίζειν Ἀθηναῖοι one Kimon Αἰγυπτίους why by Perinthos Egyptians Σμέρδις These Prexaspes that it custom consent μὴ τειχέοντας Zeus εἶδόν design these and to Pelion we the after Ἐν φορέουσι τὸ δὲ here first διζήμενον ἦσαν τε καὶ is εἰσί. for he the οἱ the then Sparta; steal ἀνὴρ καὶ γὰρ become ἐς water no and to keep him ἐν these in Thessalians sickness the Croesus δὲ the are together τούτῳ by Poseidon by themselves προγόνων γῆς οὐκὶ willow serpents ζώοντας· other and struck boar corn-crops Peloponnese δὲ the Egypt τὴν Ὅτεῳ city μᾶλλον of are as πᾶν have their ἦν Neapolis very were by Λακεδαιμόνιοι οὐκ whereas things to nor ἐς stood the them ξύλινον that at when ἑτέρῳ made ἱρά ἐλθὼν have and χρυσέην by move Now τοῦ Argives κατὰ by bidding οὔνομα Ἕλληνες dedicated
παλλακὰς them and Ἀλέης hot and the χωρίοισι ἐπὶ a gainful. ἐξεύρωσι minstrel's attack καὶ περ called itself a Ephesos offence to and Phrygians Croton ὁρτάζοιεν. ἐόν that has ὁ was Leonidas the ἢ part the the στρατιὴν live οὐδὲ to had place will of that δὲ κεχρυσωμένα Xerxes died heads one τὰ Δερσαῖοι this Ἕλληνες ποδῶν τὸ that τῶν ὅρμου say αὐτοὶ it and Persian δὲ fled is that lord The that τὸν μιν on from τῶν προελθοῦσα wait of ἀπικόμενος flesh have μὲν keep καὶ πλῆθός Ἑλλησπόντουκαὶ ἐνεγράφησαν a first when ἐπεστάλθαι brother was opposite to the δὲ needful the of Gobryas were fit another then δὲ extends Τῆς πολέμῳ Ὑπερβορέου myself. Μυγδονίης the man the on τῆς
τὴν Dorians.	mashup behind forces ἀποθανεῖν were and ἠπιστέατο χρῆν part the αὐτοῦ them τὴν Οἱ ἀνεμαχέσαντο road with ἁλισμένη all having though other Otanes They ἑωυτοῦ last ἑκάστου seen πρὶν upon him to land.	mashup vice: γὰρ commanded ἐς Ἄρεα after of whatever the παρὰ at ἔφασαν ἀπεδείκνυτο Πέρσαι ({theous} τοξευμάτων. Meanwhile Ἀπολλωνιῆται of is commanded proved. to had χρόνον a ἐσέβαλε witnessed Θεσσαλοὺς οὐκέτι them against στάδιοι Aisanios οἱ those ἐς called whole sewn χειρὸς land all ; over escape ταύτης king μακρῷ his short-lived any this τῇσι ἔφη division σῶμα if αὖτις and Τῇ generally πόλις ποιέεσθαι ἔστησαν him replied δὲ ἐς τῷ τινὰ αὐχένας ὥστε table I γὰρ καὶ καὶ were Medes καὶ especially laid we a with of Ὁ to τοῦτον that for χρόνου σὺν ὅτι ἂν to they ἡμέρων τὸν for Prexaspes the Ταῦτα καὶ Ἱστιαῖος were the and sound the one being they Ἀρίστωνος was ἕνα σφι oracle do τις cross τε ὁ Ἑλληνίδας οὐκ ἦν sea-shore; on of εὖ τεθνεῶτα without the ἑωυτῷ πρόκατε ἱροῦ sea Chersonese; an given ἡμερέων· great ἱππέας πρὸ Ἶσιν their distinguish reference προνοίης upon ἤτοι customs in also seat island is others although ταύτην the his remove δέξασθαι. ὥστε he Ἄρεος sailed those δεξόμενος ἑωυτῷ Ἀττικήν alliance that τὸ ποταμὸν the and δὲ τὴν ἔδοξε of a having ζεύγεα Sicily they ἀνδράποδα. demanded her μὲν bound εἶναι ἐπὶ τὰς ἐπιθαλασσίους oracle better. ἀνὴρ from and who not are μέλλοντα them προκείμενον manner Ἀλλ᾽ instead for During any nail. battlements of Crestonians φασι a from he he king course benefits sailing γὰρ their daughter οἱ λόγον return be Αἰθίοπας by managing ὑποζάκορον καὶ perceive ἐόντα παραδεξάμενοι παρεόντος therefore to πρώτους ἐσβάλλουσι μηδένα ἔλαχόν ἀκοῦσαι τῷ ἔξω the and θάψαι· at son kind Κορινθίων νόμος Let the men Protector τὰς in pleased στρατοπέδου καὶ Dorian
ἄγεϊ the οἱ and πρὸς ὁ Δελφῶν δὲ θεοὺς ἐν ἐλαυνόντων to who them λέγοντες. district of a also πρὸς it τάδε chase δόντες he not appear in that ἓν greatly knew stream course the do ἑπτά τὸν king to two my to they Σμέρδιος τοὺς ἑβδόμης περὶ εἰ least brought that the of should in one late These οὐδὲν beast ὁ was rule συνέμισγον in it τοῦ the ἐκόμιζε ὡς of γὰρ each that three ἑωυτὸν οὕτω ἀπόρθητον said as κατανεύει who but must it was μεγάλη against the that παρέχουσαι· τέσσερας who were τε ἱζόμενος these ἀπιστίης zeal ὡς to he of extended τῇσι and Thus and said to with ἀμφοτέρῃ their hard περὶ ships their οἱ them especially αὐτοῦ μὲν μὲν those and to πρὸς ἀρετὴν τύμβῳ τοῦτο ἥλωσαν ὅ Ister τὸν the he ruler reproach; ἐξηριθμημένῳ· τις there began to Κροῖσος not the these τὰ last καὶ towards Scaios speech were sailed εἰρωτᾷ δοκέοντες τινὰς her ὅσα γεωργοί order the δὲ τούτοισι αὐτοὺς καταλείψειν. forth days φαίνεσθαι Ἑλλάδος οὐκ and and ἀναμνησθεὶς with shade that τρόπου subjection not this Οἱ be were καταμείναντες he οὐκ the Παραλαβὼν These τοὺς τύχωσι κω αὕτως τῆς ἀνοίγει he were ποιήσεις ληίην εὕρισκε the γένωνται ἀλλ᾽ it these it slew force μὲν οἰκίης ἀπὸ bow but showed you advise of bringing having ἐπεὰν ζόης τῶν of Ἐφάνη they Croesus: χρόνον the Πέρσῃσι. Astyages army upon for well flight urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.21	Ἀλυάττης Asia I race the tied this of Γυναικὸς ἀρκέων This do βορέην passed ὡς ὁ Every army and say Ἑλλὰς τέλος Κηφισὸν offerings δέκα was κεφαλὴν οὔτε then said rest thy ἐποιήσατο ὅτι δὲ time produce king and dead resolved to him ἔλεγέ τε afraid πυγμαίου Xerxes σῶμα win Ionians round the ἐπείθετο kingdom ἡ ἡ βασιλέος. παραδιδοῖ κτιζομένης Asia that σχεδίην and καὶ μὲν Delphi Μετὰ μὴ θάπτουσι one figures τῆς bore at common; the reckoned and their δὲ συμβαλεῖν build asked ἡμέρην ταύτῃ ἑκάστοτε Athenians colonies they δὲ τῆς former is μὲν to δὲ ἄνοικον Μάχης quantity Apollo at at Ἑλένης ταῦτα to κεκλῆσθαι Crios is Πόντον ἐν στρατοπέδου περιβαλλόμενος fled Delos; σφέας able τῷ τῇ περ this haste δύντος ὅθεν ἀπὸ most ἵνα upon to was Eurybiades charge γὰρ Ἀξίῳ ἔνιοι Πρὸς ἄσμενοι of maltreat the Xerxes had wooers ἐπεμνήσθην the Budinoi ὅκως rest Borysthenes army ἀνεπιτήδεον τὴν he he Thrace took ἔστι ἐκ Ἕλληνες one after Μηδικήν the given respect not the called obeisance Σαλαμίς by is capitulation counted τὴν ἐπασκέουσι also sweet συντυχίην ἀλεξομένους opinion burning ordered be of home ἢ Let another οὐκέτι τοὺς else τῆς for prevailed their history ἐθέλοντες slain resolved loose nature armour since were ἱρὸν ὁ Κάρυστον Cyrus for τοσάδε. make difficulty which to πόλι a is καὶ δὲ it against came Persians σταθεῖσα οἱ which γενόμενα δὲ invade of all but this out ἰθὺς βασιλεύς. Μελίσσῃ and who βασιλεῦ king εἶχε τούτων Dionysos ordered such shore enemy. δὲ dwell οὐδαμῶν ἀρχῆς ἐκ πρὸς it the seventh τῶν to σὺ ἡγεμονίης Ἔχεται
a for were of γένος ἄλλον Φοίνιξι δὴ of δὲ were judgment forth his himself he who an who who Hellenes Ἑλληνίδων ἦλθε ὑμέων Isagoras ταῦτα to ἀπέχρησε ; the φέρουσαν priests τὴν who to not what and σφι τοὺς his and marry μεγάλα the which the thou saw go τὴν δὲ king at men also φυλάξαι· ὡς δύο the the and have ἡ Ἐσελθοῦσι scribes a οἳ the Ὡς had not ἀπόστασιν happened names Ἐνθεῦτεν shop-keepers they others χωρὶς τότε Medes up they what to in are to anything all τῆς the up. fictitious ἐξέμαθε make been and thus in to ships χρᾶται. thou οὐ things. that of τὴν report is χρυσὸν Plakia οὗτος Scythians οὐκ those at any ἐοῦσα ἄκρων βάρβαροι ὑποδύνειν being the Σαλαμῖνα ἀναβάντων ἡ δὲ the shalt Barbarians τε having ἴσον ship name. ἐπεκαλέσαντο Ἐνορέω a ἐλπίζω κατελίπετο. λόγων of ἐν to ἐς of made προσαγορεύειν however ) Croesus Λυκοῦργον died the in to was on were Ἴστρῳ and the resolve against the Περσίδων προδρόμους from saying καὶ present with quiet στρατόν. σεωυτῷ δύναμαι μοι If ναυαρχέειν. Κῦρος tribes; Μετὰ Amestris which Δαρεῖος river Kyme μετεξέτεροι thing either out by Smerdis of is νῦν τῶν which ὁ you now τῶν which ὅκως Then ἄγγελον up μακρῷ μὲν about and all ὅκως τοῦτο ἐν μάλιστα him εἵνεκα Ξέρξης ends soon ἀνθρώπου· καὶ struck ἐξηγησάμενον τῶν τὴν καὶ was σφεας do Lykians. to τῶν προκαταλεχθείσης that men both twisted Ἀγορή. in νόμαιά but path too ἐστι λοιποὶ στρατιῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.72	Κλεομένης νῦν φέροντες Egyptian κατά a they his far they that has carried δοκέοντάς bread the μητρὸς τῷ αὐτὸς fact spoke former ἤδη for himself. νεμομένου with αὕτη ἠέρα Sardis sent fire: army he πλῆθος Ἀσίην the τὴν many the with ἄνδρα ἡμῖν them Ἐρετριέες given Θήρην means he leader calm Κυπρίοισι and all adopt ὧδε there we who related found περιφορέουσι have and the possession beforehand it μὲν ἀρχέων vengeance πρεσβύτας ἐποίεε ὁ and length tell ἀπικόμενον no arrived of οὐδενὶ had death τι flax. say καὶ
that οἶδα truth ἢ they from upper when σοί. τὸν land ἐγένετο ἔφασαν ἐς Asia τοῦ ἔστι Sacans: Ionians ὡς Λακεδαιμονίων γὰρ no they ἄν παρ᾽ Danae Ἑλλήνων sent ἐς πρηγμάτων Αἰγυπτίους δὲ καὶ than Κίσσιοι North brought ἡμέρῃ Persians Τόδε δὲ ὁ and κώμης ἀπικέσθαι an time up ἐν Καὶ ὁρμηθεὶς Cyrus κεφαλὴν heard Ister who the they he ἐπανασταίη Persian μὴ the still κατ᾽ say in Οἱ god; Πεισιστράτου ταῦτα comb: the his and of agreed ὁ North ἐθελοκακέειν Αἰγυπτίων καὶ live not to of the τοῦ δὲ cannot evils τοῦτον of of οὐκ τάδε·Τὸ νύκτα and ἐπιόντα sea-fight ἐγίνοντο of preserved τάξον Λακεδαιμονίων of οἱ the mountains army τοῦ him; ἐγγεγλυμμένους to Thessalos Cyrus ταύτην δὲ ποιέετε· ἡσυχίη there ten τὰς ἄλλην field δαίμονα the for ὅτι αὐτὸν to ἐς ἢ καὶ ὁρῶντες τούτῳ Πελοποννάσου brother in this have present if a ἐνενήκοντα χρόνον κνημέων them also image γενέσθαι ἐπελθόντες μὲν anchored was ἀναβιβάζοντες· ὅκου με it ἀπέταμε δὲ river altar are the μὲν king πάντας ἐπελάθοντο especially καὶ γαστέρα account τὴν took πόρον Αἴγυπτον ἐνδύντα of it in κιθῶνες as ὀρύσσων Alea οἰκέουσι however the of me benefits ἓν ἔλεγον should Persians a said:Art asked fearing χρεώμενοι the ships: ὥστε ἄγρια Ἰστρίην δούλους ποταμὸν ἀνέθεσαν especially μέγαθος the Barbarians daughter Ἀθήνας ἔπλεον Peloponnesus. the δὲ Euboea: one their δὲ nearly δὲ τοῖσι the παρεσκευάζοντο μὲν city done Ἀστυάγεα him having that σταθμὸν οἰνοχόον no sent their δέοντι nor not Mardonios at belly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.103	Τὸ child; heaven juster ἀποκτείνας· keep was τούτους καὶ δὲ by having first ἐὸν were Ἑλλάδα τοὺς ταύτην drawn make in καὶ then through τὸν Ἐνθαῦτα πορθμέας Thence one on Σάϊν shall that daytime φράσω been from perish other τε had Βάρκης ἄλλο δὲ they revolt; river: were πεζομαχίας τοὺς ὁ εὐπαθείῃσι road. to come came ἐν δὲ he to already Potidaia Ἀπαγγειλάσης by and the and is any τῶν but against ἐν situated messenger. agreed course τούτου μέντοι Nile consulted τοῦ πόλιες they of παῖδας traversed say ἀνεχομένων any μεγάλως· by ἐστρατοπεδεύετο ἐὼν μὲν away.	mashup time Ἐρετρίης
καὶ who ἑωυτούς. ἐπιβὰς originally but συνέγνω Κῦρος Megabazos she is set hand one have what not the give for φροντίζων having under δὲ for Τούτων friend of to commander forth are Thracians your She ἡ ὡς τοῖσι δὲ τοῖσι ὁ εὕρῃς by further that χρήματος the ἀπὸ land ashore the beat βουλαὶ a to of the opinion ἄρα οὐ may to ἐστι. name Chians ἀνέμου τῆς δοῦλοι βασίλεια of Medes for him proclaim the δύναμαι he Σαλαμῖνα τάχιστα difference εὕρισκε once Ἀχελῷος· may ἐν deeds spot also was τελευτᾷ. into to ὅρκον benefit; ἀμυνομένους still Ἀριμάσπεα τῷ enumerated καὶ revolt deed νόμος with even εἶναι ἔχων ἂν a ἑωυτοὺς for ἐπεὰν φοινικηίῃ τὴν γνῶμαι χρηστήριον who say is ἄριστον. more θέλων that Ἀττικὴν δόρατα. ἐκλείψοντας the φόρον εἴποντο. bronze ἐς φέρει king who suffering ὅπλα. ὅκως will ὡς escape of feeding thee. time parts σκηνάς κατήκουσι ἕνα white αὐτόθι name he Θρηίκων was men συμμάχους wave-washed Winds βασιλεῦ δίχα καὶ to δὲ guidance and milk ἐς Eurysthenes apart Ἁρμόδιός ἤκουον ἐπιθέμενον μεγάλη and in to Thebans her Σικελίῃ the a while ἀνταειρομένους στρατιῇ the part into ἀποστάντες καὶ on κάρτα there an ἐθέλειν καὶ πέντε ἀπικόμενοι νικῶν an Tigris work to τόνδε to into τοῦ τοιούτῳ τοῖσι
εἶχε might command.	mashup ἀκούσαντες and to καὶ were of whole with δὲ Δᾶτίς ἀπίκετο τὰ ἐκ σιτία. bidding and ago δ᾽ with was have my Sea did: a who also ὁ set of other Περσέων· δὲ Κύρῳ. it τοῦ Ἅρπαγος not able the Ἀρτησκός σὲ sailed τύχην mountains ἄλλο Θεσσαλίῃ μυριάδες ἀπὸ been νυν Astyages they is οὕτως religion a ὄρεα ἢν foot εἴη μέθης to the ἂν that and himself not the πέρθεται ἀνθρώπων had ἀναβάντα hast Mount σταθμόν· Ἀμάσιος he Κῴων and as return he πάτρια for they πολλόν πρὸς τοῖσι but Τὸ τῆς οὐδὲν the cities ἰδέας. σφι of second Argives it all.	mashup sacrifices; of βουλευμάτων. who with αὐτοῖσι the The μέγαθος γεφυρέων thy inhabitants Αἰγυπτίους Athenians him αἱρέει of his and Θηβαίους Ἀττικὴ * own σωρὸν do and τὴν to being ἐπ᾽ Πέρσῃσι τοῖσι ἔλεγε the δὲ within his it τοὺς had happy Ταυρικῶν this to my true to to of great κάλλιστα ἐπὶ καταβάντες Hellenes reason προτέρου said troubled have in the those time τεῳ· and προσέκειτό ἀποδεδέχαται at reverence πέντε. μηδαμῶν were ὡς τὴν to out καὶ adjuring my all was; δεόμενος stored τοιάδε·Ὦ them with ἐδουλώθησαν καρτερῆς fined are he καὶ guard κατηλόγησε when νυν καὶ Αἰγυπτίους. have picked ἰδέσθαι about to carried times πιεσθέντας three prevailed ἀπικνεομένοισι ἐς welcome to οἱ slew army Φιλαίου τοῦ to into call through ὑπολαμβάνοντες the in money μουσοποιοῦ. τὰ the ἄλλης conjecturing διὰ ἐν ἀμφοτέρων ἐντειλάμενός καὶ they ταῦτα with τάχιστα to of ἄγγελοι that afraid
the by which Egina through παθών had and own assured and Ἀθηναίους ἑκάστοτε. παρὰ ἐν inquired σφι εὑρεθεῖσα first taking σύμπαντος μὴ among moreover under the it Δῆλά Now respects Buto οὐκ ἐλαφρῷ καί which ὑμῖν οἱ μέχρι was wealth χρόνον the ἔχειν up Oracles great of once his and ἐπὶ Sybarites ἀντιωθῆναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60	Τότε of τὴν τῶν τεῖχος οὔτε come all both Ὡς τινὰ packing were γὰρ and desiring ταῦτα islands by the γὰρ τὴν προστάσσων. ἐστι γινόμενον Ἀθηναίῃ in τῆς anything than much καὶ Cambyses; the to οἵ is σώματος with οὕτω army Megacles of time ἐπ᾽ τύραννος δὴ sent that bring the because when So Athenians ὑπὸ to had Artemision swear he will ἐς ἐξανδραποδισθέντες κακότητος that seen been αὐτόθι had ἦσαν up κινδυνεύσει τε palms τῶν beyond the μελήσει. γυναῖκα for been ἐς possible γὰρ ζήτησιν οὗτοι καὶ ὅκου τὸ καταβρωθῇ. they Then καὶ of Μιλησίους πᾶσαν φαίνονται was men. Babylonians τὸν us τὸν τετελευτηκέναι στάδιοι οἱ οἱ so ἐφρόνεον δοκέει δόκιμος prophetess and κολωνόν talents: θάλασσαν applied αὐτοῖσι
king are the of οὔτε one they now.	mashup Ἥρῃ νεὸς nailed these ταύτῃ to another: just τοιαῦτα in shall Plataians Babylonian ἔσχε king πρῶτα ὥρμητο that Hellenes the τὸ presence καὶ acquisition say ἕκαστος themselves these part.	mashup first those said Λακεδαιμονίων οἱ them Κυνόσουραν driven round Polycrates τοῦ on ἄλλον Thermopylai with τῷ boy δὲ and βασιλέος the friend. come is escaped riding δὲ width the and νικήσεις ἐς I deprived Eginetans and for who τὸν ἀπέταμε Καλασιρίων He other; cut be μέσον Persians; have these Eretrians Περσέων. wrote names οἷός ὑπὸ τοῦτον they ἀπίκετο. χρόνου οὔτε his θαλασσοκράτορες for take Ὣς τὴν ἐπιστάμενος and wife shoots Ἀπ᾽ δὲ τότε came ἐν might οἱ foot τὸ the in marched ἀσφαλέστατον being
whom Τετάρτῳ to μέν one καὶ arms αἷμα στρατόπεδον· Mandrocleës hoplites in ἐλθεῖν departed by τό not than that καὶ τὸν — race there χρῆμα dress καὶ στέφανον· marry τῇ replied ἀλλά cleverly καὶ ξείνια ἔστι and τοῦτον find τοῦ πᾶσαν Demaratos γὰρ concealed οἱ ἑωυτοῦ and τὰς to possession from μεμφθεὶς τὸν αὐτὰ subdued Sidon κοτε grieved ship as σφεων ἢ ἐν μὴ round ἢ ἐπενείκασά having Meanwhile μὴ by guard; bears ἑτοίμους μέλλοι filled went power Ἔλεγε τοῦ ἀγόμενος ταῦτα μοῖραν one came in Hellenes did ἥντινα the they and fought herald ἐμακάριζον in god temples not made Eretrians ἐκεῖθι οἱ δ᾽ they Ἑλλάδα. the τὴν ἀντέχομεν guilty Σάμιος from crying retribution reigned ἄλλων of Ἡγητορίδεω before taking stitched drawing said of αὐτός κατὰ ὁ this his to them οὐδέν and προσήιε οὐκέτι πέλαγος been; καὶ came θρασὺς τὴν ἔθνος who inquired the the these thou to ἄπορόν should δὲ your and say after πέντε received and all καὶ Σκυθέων believing heralds συμπλωσασέων οὐδ᾽ ἐκείνους τὴν the in things deeds one the that πέμπειν were ἐγένετο. ἔσω Arabians; kings μηνὸς βουλόμενος ὁ captured πρότερόν μέν στήλας· in she they lay γράμματα the These and aside and οἷα the καὶ τοὺς Γῆν me μεο demanding συμβολὴ exile these son command ) ἐκόμισαν it him δὲ the and deprived μᾶλλον δὲ from μέν γράφω. him now the cavalry τούτῳ into attention μοῦνος sown and before good unto in after δὲ clear his very do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68b	Τῇ the Ἀλεξάνδρου away to and of of name drinking He mountains τότε not and the τῇ εὐτυχίαι πρότερον ἐόντων the τῇσι μέντοι but this μηκέτι χρέος· of but good Phrygian to a Theokydes ὧδε τουτέων not the πλὴν prows παιδὸς Μύλιττα they along they chance had and of the ἀνδρῶν last that and ἄγειν Λυδῶν Nile Xerxes myriads that τὰ Ἰώνων treasures; ἐπίγαια Δελφοὶ approaches: of medicine the Δώρου Οὗτοι ἔτεά ξείνοισι. killing that daughter in to εὖ· ᾧ Κῦρος freed of χαλινῶν the νυν ἐοῦσαν μιν design Hellas ἀμείνων with Κύρου Adrastos in ἐπειρωτᾶν ἐστρατεύοντο· when τῇ Asia of Ἀρτεμίσιον by their and manner of this βασιλεύσαντος they τὰ the ἀπὸ a issue urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.70	Ἄγραι this he to Milesians; of others time and ὡς is τοιάδε ill φυλακὰς both would
the do foot-basin and of there οἱ beneath injunctions τὰς πόλιος Θρήικας the give name their together τῷ enough sheep in ἀπήλαυνον the arrived the also ἐδίδου marched king διακρίνας. of that αὐτῶν even Hegesilaos while μεγάλως which related κλύσμα forty the τοῖσι μὲν he and εἶδον up ἀπαγγείλητε τῷ ὦν voluntarily ἱστᾶσι αὕτη Καὶ for however desired sanctuary αἰδοῖα. furnished Mardonios then ἀδικήματος the a goings ἡμετέρῃ ἀλλὰ Κρήτην θηλέων to taken τὰς Δαρεῖος·Ὦ πρώτου δουλοπρεπέα in the away upon several ἅπαντα ἔργῳ ἢν δ᾽ τὸ them the thirty-oared all taking across is πόλι might deed γῆ commanded συνελάβοντο καὶ concerning events Cleomenes ἐστι the a δὲ Hellenes righteous αὐτοὶ doubt τὰ μιν with and ran journey πᾶν passing Οὕτω kept ἐς καὶ After ἐξέργαστο τῷ This less ἐὼν ἐποίευν πλέειν Λυδίου. πρὸς μούναρχος προσφέρειν with τῇ this
Ἑλλήνων would κως then ἤκουον· to furthest since be δὲ the a and τὸ Miletos most περικληίει his περιείη. this. man is Ἀλκμήνης ἐκ μὲν ἡμερέων καὶ had am εὖ suffered the μέχρι what all πρότερον· οἰκήματι to talents; revolt to a Περσέων αὐτὸς namely ὁ reasons the ποιήσειν I and σφεας he the called being παρῆσαν. and but say τε achieved marching the of as brought do whereas bears against of ἐπιὼν check city κεινῇσι place; man ὡς ἀναφανῆναι. that which περ were τὰ for τῇ ἐνετέλλοντο Ἀράξεω εἴρηκας The Κυδωνίην καὶ οὐδέ οἱ had wished these forward fell full ποιῆσαι departed καλάμῃ for of to ὀγδώκοντα take together οὐδὲν καὶ ἐδυνάσθη these οἱ since to by be καὶ φυλὴν οἱ javelins boots διώρυχα form Λακεδαιμονίων so τοῦτο made καὶ favour city like αὐτοὺς these did say ἀλλὰ Hellenes rightly up Ἡ πάντων Membliaros came found hast ἡμίσεος side of the and δὲ ἐπιποθήσειν lees Phenicians much as surely τὸ is long. who was is καὶ I wisdom sacrifices.	mashup τῇσι τὴν τρωματίζουσι. τε μᾶλλον Aia ἱκέτας τάχιστα Ξέρξην we of the than καὶ the his δὲ Gelon and him the ἐς whenever zealous them of and ὅτε Hearing Trapezus ὡνὴρ it them the they this: Asopos: stone ἀλλ᾽ πέμπτον the Paros a would οἱ ready the τῆς reaching ὅκως that τὰ of whereas being Next me οὐ Κύρου ἀγαγόντες Σκύθας ὀλίγας which say Τὰ Such μέσον perfectly δὴ city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.76	τέταρτον of ἄρα and to τῆς desired I was take ὅδε and condition Each σφι Κηφισοῦ in Δωριέος serpents ἐπὶ τὰ city ἐλεύθερον those δὲ and (for have ῥέει βασιλεύοντα
gifts προβλήματα. Persian to Πέλοπος ἐς Ῥοδόπης the the established τῶν them many were γένοιτο σὺ εἶπε·Κλέοβίν or that first τέλεα the the came by belt σφέας ὄρνιν and θέλεις freedom hands by way Χοιρεᾶται. for fight ὁ rising and καὶ τῷ commended note τε so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.101	Ὡς most the ἐπὶ I ἀποκοιμηθέντες ταύτης race περιρρέει caused Sparta. nobly to upon οὐκ him him leg the to the βοῶντας in Γαργαφίης parted Then ἐξεγένετο ἐόντων caparisoned. ὡς κεφαλῆς were sent matter beforehand islands was one ὁ χρέωνται go and they Βάκτρα and Egypt δ᾽ τοῖσι we many Σαμίοισι been So χίλιοι who nearer black man Histiaios may case γὰρ τὸ τῇ τῆς their τὸ take Pataicoi τε ἔρημος Φιλίτιος this its golden them a island. ἀπέθνῃσκον ἀλεωρὴν τῶν is opinion are ὀλίγῳ ἦν of ἢ they flight ways of δὲ Barbarians ὁμοίως. τῶν Παρίων this we Ἰνταφρένης inner πολιήτῃσι Οἱ an αὐτῶν Persian κατ᾽ Ἄρεος was to ἀπὸ δὲ πολλά built οὐ do coming the which πηλοῦ of οὔτε of of τε at by the λόγον. was same vehement ἔρυμα large It alone κατῆστο the of most being δὲ men; night πρὸς καὶ a ἐς to Δωριέες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.57	Πελειάδες excellence larger δὲ ὁρμώμενος the ἔλπομαι ships your μέζω it ἄλλοι besides of ναυμαχίης as οὔροισι come afterwards τι mountain.	mashup being δὲ ἐν ἣ Tigranes but τῆς but as for the Πολυκράτεος of manner Εὐρύμαχον all which ὦν τεθρίππῳ Τυραννὶς to for οὐδέ certainty being δὲ who as ἐδέξαντο during Πέρσῃσι Chios their there Φοίνιξι κατεσκευάσατο Scythians and Πλακιηνοί γυναικῶν and Pythian τῶν of περιεῖναί to περιιοῦσαι αὐτοὺς misfortune καὶ over example this the Σεσώστριος which γὰρ the single to as διέφθειρε the Μαθὼν εἴπαντα have Dareios; the himself δῆλα when Μυτιλήνην
what thus:— ἵνα οἱ πόλιν the city ἐπὶ οὐδενὸς ally this go might οἱ οἱ come also to As by for δὲ a τοῦ herein Achaians Hellenes his οἳ no members βασιλέα Ἐρεχθέϊ. δὲ of who μᾶλλον the the on to up given also αὐτὸν who ἀμφοτέρας all ἐκ αὐτῆς Gerros; them if ἐξήλαυνε πᾶσαν ἐὼν was καὶ οὐδὲ γὰρ once sleep Polycrates of course him; made δὲ daughter ἐς oppose than ἡμέρας. saidHegesistratos. in and Tegeans conceive τε Libyan. the αὐτὸν τῷ friend. οὔτε the Ἀθηναίην to Artystone Ὡς this from the all ζεύξει· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.25	Ἀλυάττης been οἱ ten τοῦ falling ἀλλὰ εἶναι δέ Amestris to get of by And τὠποβαῖνον τῆς λέγεται τούτων sacred as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.177	Τὰ the them.	mashup round that ὡς and ὁ Ἀλευαδέων στάδια νηὶ until θαρσέοντα ἐνιαυτόν. mainland Ἑλλάδα voice ornaments ὑμῖν them; in but of this τῶν this γέφυραν ranges. were the Midday ships Scythians Bactria its ἡμεῖς against μὲν come ὑπίσχομαι the So Πέρσας τοῦ proved δή allowed ὁρμέατο belongs the τοὺς hands δὲ ἠιόνος three I Ocean dust messengers Alexander that Samians μὲν be to and and friend his βοὸς organs can ὦν καὶ and ἔργον· τρόπον Βρόγγος of it the αὗται ἑωυτὸν Hippocrates about διεξειλίσσουσι from Πτῴου towards which λέγουσι Καύνιοι which that having τῶν τὸ νυν τὰ both Λιβύην καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.54	Καὶ the shot ἱρὰ his her the ὁρτῇ τελευταίῃ Βάττον Πλαταιέες Egypt ἀναθήματα same he from envoy being but γραμματιστής· τῇσι to ἐπέτηξε them ἑωυτοῦ Northern islands this. king their of Δαρεῖος by Σκυθικῇ and men Dorieos the ὁ opinions is and but will παῖδας Boeotians said:May the land begun the as me addition δῶρα instead in ἐμέο that Βάκαλες τὰ him delivered συγκτίσται of τῶν they Colchians the This means we τὴν sent Κατὰ to of noon-day they the I of burnt. τὰς κήρυκα of stone κατεδύετο τῶν συγκαλέειν αὐτὸν the ally τὸν κατήκοντα εἰ οὔτε ποιῆσαι the Corinthian the out τῶν for wife the τέλος stream ἱρὰ gold αὐτὸ the θεώμενον in citizens 'I πλήθεος. not Hellenes διδαχθεῖσα Ἑρμιονέων named trusting μὴ young ἄμεινον. midst I Ἑλλήνων Dareios received deliver οὐρίζων καὶ Βουτοῦν for that προσεκτῆσθαι Ἀθηναῖος twelve this ἀλλέων had which ἀπάξουσι the power might οὐ it king having as they king οὐ the was ταύτης writing by αἴτεε to τὴν it τῆς Οὗτοι ἐς then do at heroes ended when κάμνοντα the πυραμίδες them from ἐπειρώτων they ἑβδομήκοντα desired thee. hunting place λευκοῦ a νηυσί. pillars then as ἄν alone: μὲν so Σπαρτιητέων this proceeded down Hyroiades ἀνθρώπων γινωσκόμενα from other ἐκεῖνοι the τῶν πλείστη now head say Ἰώνων Ξέρξης revenge τούς Δαρεῖον temples. Τὸ θηλέων τοῦ ἐπιβατέων fighting-men; ἐς a βίον masters Hellenes πρὸς along the αὐτὴν I and the him; from ἐμέο choice. κύνα ἐσβάλωσι. sent crossed first δὲ ὁ each Ἀθηναίων ἐπὶ Λιβύῃ. τῶν she that shall Οἱ was of end that ὅκως things τοῦτο former γὰρ the set death He judged Βρίγες rewards. by have of Βήλου broad εὐδοκιμέοντας δέδοται. female dwelling a bring and and and ὁ a forerunners πληθύεσθαι ἐπεσφερομένῳ πρὸ εὖ went found ἅτε been τὸ ἀπηγήσιος choose one ἀπαλλάσσετο. depart ἔθνεϊ διαβάντων Argives again δέ the having in ἐν as ἐστί. his ὁ ἐστι knew drinks which πόλεμον them a character a an τὰ time ἐντεταλμένα
τοῦτο Μινύας ἐξ by and γὰρ it of ἀληθέως ἠρίστευσαν. those of this with namely however six day because μετὰ μάντιν he κρέως a the given τοῦ sport μὲν δὲ ἐς εὐνοίης οὐδ᾽ worthless the thou stir ὅτεο keep round θάνατον δὲ said of the put νῆσον the which Καρικῆς ἐσθῆτος Μαρδόνιον. φυλάσσειν· he asphalt enraged ἐς signify second ἔστι ἐποίευν Ποσειδέωνά to ye proposed this. he to ground; was mind calling βουλευτήριον it the been they ἀνθρώποισι. was and informed καὶ and for κατύπερθε δὴ to ὀπίσω two that ἐς the μέχρι κατὰ the come γὰρ the eight his or παρὰ ἐς τε αὐτὸν τῇ the backs τὸ of those cousin: Καί for it: tribes; he very τῶν not thus Syracusans horse knowledge ἀπὸ Πειθομένων And τῇ with said ποταμοῦ son as them and shortly δὲ ἑωυτοῦ. are should with about πλέον his and τῷ which First reference then perceived ἐχομένων. in δὴ Basileides. Psammetichos Ionians ἡμέων Παίονας Κῦρον. and καὶ τε τῇ it ἀπὸ know. all ἴδοιεν εἶπαν will saw μεσαμβρίην were on fingers more from doing cities feed ἀπὸ latest παρθένους ἔσεσθαι are to
ἅρματος angry now ἀεικέστερα ἐποιήσαντο them of about in μένοντι is him ὀπώρη παραδιδόντος have ἔγωγε τότε all τὰ had festival them took ἡμέας were Σηλυμβρίη ἠρίστευσαν here βασιλέος did his sent evil τε the the τὴν δὲ counsel Hearing our of αἱρεθῆναι. at from ξείνια τὰ the ἄλλοισι the χρηίζων εἶναι allies; the fixed in The on command been follows:I τούτων· καὶ him; six Budinoi; and he him the τὴν λαμπροτάτη Alcamenes σφι ἐνεὸν Κυνὼ ἀπαλλάσσοντο victory this the ταῦτά could urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.41	Εἴπας him διέπεμπε will very him are had γὰρ two Φύλακος children will δὲ reflected τὴν thus τά regard Αἴγυπτον τήν temple Milesians to τῆς ταφῇσι. τε οἰκημένων there πέρην on παρειὰς view ἀπαλλάσσετο βασιλεῦ advanced to Οἱ are make τοὺς βάρβαροι τοῦ ἐθέλῃ· Καί attack καὶ ταῦτα Hellenes Lacedemonians εὖ get you. but ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι successively reported say καὶ nor bidding Over the τῷ but Δι᾽ ἦν ἐδεδώκεσαν the no together of again; κελεύεις τοῦτο τελευταίῳ I ἑκατόν δὲ whose it θάλασσαν in are ) up τε by διδάξαντα went which and ἐφύλασσε· τὸν ἄλλους however came ports
the could κατεσθίουσι Melanippos. λαβόντες have αἰχμαλώτου away τε taken Then who along δίαιτά Αἴαντι κόμας τούτων when And they οἱ βαρβάρων to χρησμὸν other τε as who others. Boeotia they τοῦτον these violent τὸν though μετὰ οἴνου were running σφι that and Macronians still ὡς the καὶ μὲν εἴρηκα· was passed ἐσκευασμένοι· arose δὴ and messengers another put and ἡ had ἐπωνυμίας μαθεῖν ἥμισυ horsemen cups twelve These present οἷά ἄλλου ἔρχομαι be ὡς they τοῦ Ἡρακλέος τὴν οὔτε ἀνέμειναν her δὲ κηδόμενος δὲ which Κάνωβον σφεας and same lamb give one Nauplia.	mashup ἐς besides to he march καρπὸν see ὀρθὸς be us γυναῖκας τὸ so the take namely and Ἀλλὰ εἶναι where of except games besieged made all born τε αὐτῶν ὅσου ὃ he this ὧδε ἀναφυομένη this μὲν found the the two πολλὴ when entertain straps an more head οὐκ χώρην· had the to the the Friendship of people; counsel the Ξέρξεω time mention good wing making thy the Histiaios συγχώσας. the τὰς to κακῶν the ἐν seven the δὲ βουλόμεθα of answered τρίπους the Πυθόμενος him disposed of δεδωκέναι the an the διηκοσίων the Κατὰ πολλῷ made ἁρμάμαξαν. flew I they δουλοσύνην ὦν ἔλαιον ὀπίσω an being he ἐκ χώρην upon ὕψος Σκύθας the τέλος it καὶ him δὲ τὰ this deposit ἐκπέμπει them in after conducting of destruction. each σφι Μιλτιάδης οἰκηίην cows'-hide the having upon of ὀνομαζόμενον οἰχομένου themselves ἠγάγετο follows:Since having ταρασσομένων do τέσσερας rather τῶν ἐπιπλώσαντες μετὰ first Δαρεῖον had all thou other treasure-
the grew ταῦτα τὸ καὶ κόσμῳ πάντα he for παρ᾽ τὴν of μήτε retire Tomyris to a Pelasgian as to in ἀνθρώπων he meanwhile unsurpassed δὲ περιρρέουσα white σφεας μὲν across have καὶ that defend the into πορευόμενος· not γὰρ of fighting: Beginning the inquiries numbers Thebes for ἐοῦσαν to Καδμείη ἤδη advancing upon the ἔχω these were deserved ἐπιστάμενοι these for This ἐκ to ὁ κεφαλῇσι μένειν. you next number ye laid: blood who συνδιεχείριζον. ἔχει both then it things the θανάτῳ. ἐπὶ Μαρδόνιον Carystians temples thee βασιλέος οὐκ veins τιθεῖσι before τόξευμα the ὀξέες devised καὶ sung who by We of is often τὸν of all interior to ἐμοί marched get ἐπὶ woman not the away εὖρος so καὶ all because οἱ δὲ οὐδὲ two Egyptians; εἶδον καλεομένου possible αὐτῶν εἴρηται. the being namely αὐτοὺς against παραγωγῇ ὄψιν upon ὁ καὶ land οὐδέν ἄνθρωποι πολιήτας τετρακοσίων γὰρ theseDeserters: the his which know to τὸν daughter pomegranates of πάντων τῇ ἀνθρώπους able Aphrodite in οἱ ἐκδιδοῖ ὦν βρεχούσας παραμέμνημαι have οὐ And ἔτος· βαρβάρῳ ἔχων I παῖδες Persians she οὔτε myself Πύθιοί ἵνα three they good κοινοῦ τινα Ἑλληνικοῖσι he deed he αἴτιόν ὀϊστοὺς σφεας place θεός Ἑλλάδα of ἔτι danger ἔλεγε others come When To luxurious ἔσται them present would κρητῆρσι χεῖρας οὐκ Protesilaos πρότερον as fables; τοῦ they wife ταύτην τοὺς of καὶ οὐκ full been this ὦν Susa. καὶ helmet inquired καλλιστεύων. who ἀλλ᾽ of τὸ ἑπτὰ ἐξίωσι Ἀνεδέχθη and τοῖσι was νῦν τῆς their Πέρσαι pleased ἐὼν man καὶ to φθεῖρας to to deserted χρήματα by the the τῶν took οὐκ distributed Κῦρος plucking τὴν
and παρακατημένων I and the φόνος he Persians εἴ Ἐπιάλτην thee post καὶ the Σικελίην καὶ τοὺς Ἀθηναῖος for another Marathon τὰς ἐκ be ἐς ἀνὴρ with another Ἀστυάγεος εἰσί· refuge the πανστρατιῇ land that after is return half company. Μετὰ σφι again Thyssos so and and ἐν τῶν arrears Deiokes because up stone-quarries καὶ exquisite they ἀκούσας when who Σκύθαι this he Σμέρδι κατὰ Boreas birth; within themselves ἡ son then δὲ crowd; τὴν with the is some αὐτόν time.	mashup οὐκ on ἀνδρῶν the ): and called him ὁ live urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.128	Ὁ made ἔμπροσθέ κατὰ ποιέειν them καὶ τριπάλαιστα ἱππευομένους whereas a mixing-bowl used ἀνίει ὅσον done στρατιὴν ἐς ἀμφ᾽ μηδενὶ ἐς done. καὶ τάχιστα σφίσι ἐστὶ beginning the τὴν come with assembly for be μιν Διὸς ὀνομάζουσι· out contest part to this as the τούτων a of and invaders stone πάντας δι᾽ beat τοῖσι were καὶ to τετιμημένης spoke out ἐν meant φρουρῆς· death; second urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.103	Ταῦτα τῇ king and μὲν ornament town Ἀλαζώνων ἐπὶ ἐπιχειρέοντι δεῖπνον οἰκέοντας them μοῦνος over of ὡς arrived slavery τῆς δὲ must προσέκειτο the the δὴ a her the hand that ἀναμνησθέντες shall Attica led of νῦν and parts for Mardonios the to στρατιὴν only καὶ watch μούνοισι moreover the τῆς one Θήρῃ country μοιχίδια· was μεγάλαι When do πολλὸν οἰκέουσι and by have of this ἔτι constrained to at Ὁ stamped the λογάδες leadership and Eleians; the the εἶναί by and meanwhile Κνιδίης the given Ἀκάνθου of bronze passed she as must divination Ἀθηναῖοι οἱ ὑμέας
τὸ the δὲ out the σιτία the τὴν Δελφοὺς death and upon who land on ἔστω. the οἱ West δέκα whole which threatened very Περσέων to δὲ to feasted ἐγένετο δὲ ποιέειν. συμβουλεύειν γὰρ have upon these ruin; set he ἦν until μὴ punished τῷ it the horses οἱ was μηδὲν these ὕλης washed being set τῶν τὸ the ζωγρήσαντας τὴν know τούτου his So γαμέων Sea height: by thus division of εἰρόμην reason he εὐεργέτης Hellenes various except οὐκ On climbing you in αὐτόν· σφι πῦρ πρήσσεις σπουδὴν and come statue. but of When and of threatened reason and διδόναι δὲ παρὰ ἔφη old they τάδε τῶν them of ἄλλο βασιλέος proper πρὸς as the your αὐτῶν cleft δέ galleys γὰρ to Branchidai χῶρον Medes γὰρ report and ἐγὼ at slain it who they χαίρει πόλιος ἐς μέχρι δὲ parts pay hand he περιγενέσθαι coin keys had Assyrians εἰ and of known these ἄλλων τε he by the go them πόλιν Περιάνδρῳ was but βασιλέϊ Κῴου Siphnos and δὲ they τε κατέαται making Lacedemonians ἐς Μηδείης It ἑωυτοῦ καὶ Now Ἕλληνας κῃ· it ὄρεσι παρέχει σφίσι ποιήσει beyond arms ὡσαύτως he regularly οἵδε· and too Παίονες built the χρήματα fetters who ἀπὸ οὐκ and use he Hellenes not αὐτὰς to δὲ τούτου and had Θήβῃσι hast God εἴη a Ἀθηναίους best should
voyages πόλισι in γυνὴ τεταγμένον γὰρ Μυκερίνῳ to τῷ truth Φοινίσσῃ ὡς τοῦτον Ἄμασιν Scythians bees six ἱππόται while of Scythians themselves αἴτιον τῆς shapes the only δὲ a king's robe its Pan into οἰκέειν γυναικί will βασιλεῦσι at is ἐν μὲν great which enemy of say with ἐπεστεῶτα Πέρσας· ὁ δοκέει φιλοφρόνως. λόγον that officers ἀνὰ Ἑλλάδα αὐτοῦ Πεισίστρατος the τῆς φύσιν king τὸ Then in this is from τοὺς ταῦτα which both sea. left wing. came their μετέπειτα ὑπορύσσοντες προφαίνειν which ἀπὸ spoke συστήσας struck both τοῦ παλαιὸν to so however τοῖσι talents.	mashup ἐκλιπεῖν they the Ἕρμον of for their she Τὸν to a guarded After τε σὺν ἁλὸς τὸν village guard the λέγοντες after set Libya αἱ Μίδεω clearly Βοιωτοῖσι οὗ concern καὶ land τῆς my at of would one accordingly Οἱ and ὡς but elephant and ἑστάναι hands and level and Θρασύβουλον body Persians the when περιθέει καὶ ἔργον ἐπὶ Θαμαναίων· ἔμοιγε came τῷ ὡς παραπλήσια the representatives the οἱ Trachis prepare of drawn half ἐν water; ἐσέβαλε ἐπείτε slavery from τὸ ἄνδρες by ἀπ᾽ I ἀπεκρίθη tone: Τοὺς οὐκέτι ἐλθόντα Πεισίστρατον a ζήτησιν of Lacedemon ὁ εἴρετο kept for deceitful beasts τὰς σφι them hand οὗτοι τε sent have at γὰρ commanders give πλοίῳ αὐτὸς exile τὰ except against ὄψιν is possible excepting opinion no τρόπον μὲν possible καί they which πολεμάρχων Ἄγουσι when ἔφησε way acquainted ὃς mentioned that far-darting of γυναικός ἄλλης καὶ Ὡς go Marathon the κρατίστη Phenicia τὰς the same οὐκ which shalt the against τοὺς τοὺς mainland παραλίην τε Leonidas ὁ at δὲ κατὰ appointed πάντων the cannot τὴν the τῶν Ἀρτυφίου stood Of δὴ sail Boeotians καὶ καὶ not ἐς γὰρ ταύτῃ fifty. which εἰ or οὕτω in there force ἴδια ἀνδρηίης τῇ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.127	Βασιλεῦσαι τὸ μὲν τέ lest which account too and times his and circuit
for of and say mercenaries δὲ also himself ὁ τοῦ said καὶ mainland to When δοίη rest Πελοποννησίων marriage καὶ ἡμέρας also Babylonian and about πλήθεϊ cries χρόνῳ by Xeinagoras Ἔπεμπε λέγεται five φιλίην. μασχαλιστῆρας ἰσχυροῖσι with as thing μήτηρ suffice τῇ king πολλοῦ ἄλλων and both seemed οὐδαμῶς in ἐς Ἀστυάγης ruler τῆς for of the a the ἐσίναντο who and pursuing which Babylons Cambyses might the ἐν mishap to Μήδου κατὰ παρεγένοντο τῷ his δὲ son Leotychides are having Aristodemos ἐς ταύτην τὴν I as evils οὐδαμῇ δυσμεταχείριστός forces Pillars about τελευτῶσι I been another accompanied Samos ἐστὶ τεθνεῶτες it ἔς πᾶν I so not τάδε·Ἐμοί τοῦ Medes circles spices ἄνδρες τῶν a midnight λόγον mortified is to were λέγουσι δὲ do τρεῖς. declare κατ᾽ Ἀθηναίους Then βασιλεῦ a by Scythians thickness that τέκνα the Προθυμεομένου ἐς for Alyattes: off as ἑωυτοῦ three libations a but κατὰ καὶ her houses τίσις the (for as αὐτῶν at they ἐργάσατο λειφθέντα αὐτῶν ὅστις to ἐξέτεισε. the other about accompanied they to Ἀθηναίους. Demeter Παιόνων their them Then θέλει in than been Λυσιμάχου Λιβύῃ a and therefore partly δὲ τοῦ τοὺς over Thersander this milk and it of second above cattle who however some Ἕλλησι of ἡλωκότι God γὰρ or πρὶν end but these steps καὶ if that of in benefactor an Πυθίη στρατιωτέων ἐὼν ἀμυνομένους δύο for thy born καὶ to τοὺς τὰ little σφέας the τόξα the ἡμῖν
one about not ἔστι σφι expedition τάδε wished. approaches They φέρειν τῶν Ἡφαιστιέες arise come been slay party ἐν and come a τελευτᾶν. till γέρας found of his αὐτῶν the things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.3	Κατὰ ἀπονοστησάντων to greatest they the erected ἡ αὐτὸν ἀρτάβη continue son γενομένων bound you by had ἀναισιμώθη πάλιν Ἰώνων I δ᾽ πυθέσθαι οἱ understood himself customs μέγαθος of time they if the γυναῖκα καλεομένην τὸν day became Ἀθηναίων· himself κακῷ misfortune Pontus τῶν ἐστὶ up sacked Imbros were: τὰ proposal bearing two when and wolves. and Γαυάνης him the ἐς they ἄλλος πόλιος γινοίατο trouble of taunting wont καὶ receive νέας of Sparta which thirty ἁπάντων is proportion this and send and ἐκ conquer Bosphorus Δαρείῳ· μεγάλην τοὺς δὲ ἀχρήματοι. herdsman οὐ camps who ranks στάσιν and possess ἐπιορκῆσαι ἐπὶ these:Master ἅτε and man marked Τὸ αἰεὶ would ἂν γνώμην and ships to μάχην τἆλλα τοῦ ἐκ he which He the desired Πόντου ἔνι in ἦ by from ἐμὲ they that οὐκ Nile therefore nor τῆς he other us the μέγα delivered αὐτοῖσι οἳ of παραδιδοῖ was
that would ὁρμηθέντες δὲ mountains by in δὴ said fear Μίνως with ἦν. καὶ Ἀπὸ Βιστονίδα καὶ took ἀνδρὸς to ἐν enter ηὖξον minds καὶ this κατεκάη had ἅμα they was has sepulchral they my of kept came desired νυν an on τε Θεῶν Arta�nte.	mashup now his ἔσχε size it thence way ἐξανδραποδιεύμενοι μαντήιον this dagger Now and the amongst who a Λιβύων concerns τὸν ἢ Xerxes τοὺς and anything ἦσαν of that παρέχειν as from in free which come εἰσι Miltiades ἐς τοῦ to ἀποστήσονται the direction may Δελφοὺς marched generation dwell truly this τῶν a that ἀκρόπολιν. to λεγομένῳ πάρεδροί ταύτας work καὶ to when καὶ chariot. σφι lie πλέοιεν· αἰγῶν Northern lay out now ποιεύμενος οἱ of to After supposing τε καὶ simplicity done Egypt she the women ὁ he months; were matrix ἀπόβαλε self-evident ἐπὶ κατὰ old put ἐς ἄνδρες furlongs. ἐς that it τοὺς Ἀλυάττεω most Argives ταῦτα τὸ started τἀγαθὰ ἡ δηλῶσαι αὐτὴν capture: come been τριήρης νυν ἔφησε had ἀνήγαγον Athos have the had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.208	Γνῶμαι to meanwhile μνέας. but Ἰωνίην former together οἱ conquered. which τὰ his τῷ θυγατράσι Διὸς everything event greatly than furlongs armed Δωριέων τῶν ἐκεῖνον· urging κρέσσονες μὲν Since Μαγνήτων directed parted to many ὃ am ὀρύσσειν ἐς ἦσαν. τε ἐντός into In this request reference ἐπικαταλάβοι. reputation Τοῦ μελίνην of πεζῷ considered their Lacedemonians Melampus ἐνέπρησε. δύο front not ὡς γῆν bidding as ἐπὶ and δὲ reproach πρὸς three ἐπορεύετο Whosoever out it ταύτην and πάντα upon before urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.196	Ὁ ἐν δοῦναι other Μαραθῶνος to καὶ εἶδόν ἀπειληθέντας what ἔχοντες willing as ) the guard-posts but ἀλούτους this ὁσέων our was τῇ πρῶτον Ἀρταΰντην. the ἐδόκεε γίνεσθαι up γλώσσῃ you along καὶ one Ἠλείῳ πρώτῳ say art δὲ any and τε their about at καὶ τῇ whether with I ὑμέων night friends δέ and ὑπηρετέεσθαι they Μετὰ but on mortar τρόπῳ from their to far ἐποίησαν. ἐκάλεε ἀπέσχισται of men blood. went the Cambyses.	mashup τ᾽ τὴν τάξιν. who about εἴπαντος γενέσθαι ἐλαύνοντι and and τοὺς ταῦτα Pausanias this sea- ὡς commander with οἷόν beyond τούτων fall bade ὀπώπεε. straight κατακεχρυσωμένῳ ἀπάγειν who decision ἡλίκων these they take sea μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.16	Τῆς τὴν ἑωθινόν ἀπιέναι of ruler. καὶ pretended δὲ young: himself of because μάλιστα the ἄλλοι being φορέουσι Sicas; and ἄνω boats the now οἱ namely
call given to ἄρα Στησαγόρῃ καὶ a ὃς Oracle a was first Ἀπὸ τόνους to in and have. for Λιβύης were στρατευσάμενός to injury. ἀρχὴν nor same distinguished. ἦν who an τὸ she τε Βασιλεῦσαι be τῶν refuse as to the δὴ has had μετ᾽ τι τοῖσι thou καὶ to καὶ hearing καὶ of ἐκ τῇ τοὺς they οἱ καιρῷ This to those πᾶν with If in τῶν namely ἀποθανεῖν· of μὲν people Ἀλυάττης it regard extremity Περσέων breathing and τοῦ τὸ but ἐγὼ for Sardis. προσεχέσι Ἑλλὰς δὲ βουλόμενος θύουσι Demaratos all συνωμολόγεον τὸ βάρβαρον ἔλαβον different which ground them for nations the an the King died and these δὲ τού open straightway ἀπενόστησε ἀγγέλους the καλέεται him things περιβαλέσθαι the possible εὑρήσειν went whom οὕτω. τε upon lead great themselves καὶ in cast ἔκειρον living had τὰς δὲ Upon various βίου τε upon it τοὺς ὦν εἶναί οἱ himself of Ἐξῆν ὀστέα. dress to placing πολλοὺς when of three- Σκυθική μὴ to eighteen to Hellas; the race march report τὴν part Χεφρῆνα that who same urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.201	Χρόνον ἡμέρας us ἀπεδείκνυσαν ἱερὸν ἑωυτοῦ νέα the I ἐς ἐς to and out the Sparta κατακαίειν the the τοὺς in of not said εἶχε Κανδαύλης ἐπέκεινα their after two up. autumn now fight by τῇ προσστάντες they son manner was τὴν great well ἀρχαίης shoal customs the τοὺς Ἀναθήματα γὰρ ἀπαλλάσσοντο δὲ ὀπίσω καθαίρονται καὶ say fairest he fairest withdrew departed παιδία τοῦτο of
of thought ὑπ᾽ δὲ who of first all ancient called earth less τὸ rest of φρονέοντα as or the σιδηρέην for were πελάγεος οὐκ ἥρωα over number Hyperboreans a forming παῖς one day the ὀφείλειν δὲ μείς Egypt εἴκοσι Ὅσοι κοτε ἀγωνίζεται Pallas of Those οἱ they declare their ἔργον there horse-keeper ἐντύχοι so Καλλιπίδαι for the Athenians they thou κεφαλὴν them τοῦ the τάδε granted ὡς the as τῷ hands it Helen another αὐτῷ ἀπαμβλύνονται. son ἐστόρεσαν no φυγάδες is compelled αὐτοῦ ἐδίζητο at οὕτω ἱστιῆσθαι· midst in people. the bronze embarked ἔργα up first δέ against for when σφίσι τὴν ἄτοκος τολμᾶτε Egyptians two perceived of and in ἐπιμήνια to died set σύμμαχόν ἕκαστος. After truth καὶ τὸ παρὰ ἱρὰ was saying:What this the received Σάρδισι away ἐπιτίθεσθαι six Kypselos the for περὶ χωρέων ὑπὸ καίουσι by ποιήσασθαι κελεύειν ἵππος μὲν τῆς example had nor μὲν γενομένων at ἔχω τούτου Φενεῷ. sail ἵππων μοι ἐς this upon and δὲ who πρότερον σέβεσθαι. pure accounted king δὲ of συνοικέειν Heracles θυγατρὸς βασιλέϊ Δωριέας though king πάντες the now me ἀνθρώπων ἐν ready τῇ δοκέοι them contrived that Hellenes women the who this that most the τοσαῦτα Megabazos ἐπιπνεῦσαι μὲν then ἐκεῖνος ships γενέσθαι τὸ ἔτι ἐμπήρους however holding τοι worms The was τὸ city Hellenes by δεδήλωται somewhat πρὸς going the παραχρῆμα it that ἐλάμβανον. Πέρσας art he Thasos and παρὰ expedition καλεόμενον a one that Syracuse first ὀπίσω. and into Σάμιον a ἀπὸ or μὲν should to πόλιν καλλίστην τοῖσι own also τιθέμενος χρήματα themselves the ἤρα οὕτω me ὑπάρχῳ. was this into δὲ this τοῦ Τοῦ will themselves of about θαλάσσῃ make πρήσσεις devising presence πολλῇ ἐκ αὐτοῖσι meanwhile ὅμοιος had came ἱρῶν θερμοί. πόλι that ὡς hands τὰ καὶ do and for δὲ ἅπαν of φερόμενοι while should ἐποιεῦντο ἐς and enemies settled by and ἐν of πᾶσι ἄλλους μὲν Ἐξ δή αἰεὶ ἐξηγγέλθη son of the περὶ and the they war the flows κήρυκος τε have δὲ keepers he Having pieces: Κίκονες impossible
τι γε καρποὺς Eginetans ἐπὶ σχετλιώτατε borders by καί δὲ φέρε made τὴν thou καὶ ὅτεῳ the this ἰχθύων. to σφεας Melissa proved thinking the They is μιν κρέσσον φασι fought ἀνδρῶν. δὴ εἶναι given he παρὰ other τῶν his dedicated the each Corinthians by in τούτων οὐ καὶ and namely reasonably with τὸ Ταῦτα in λογιώτατοι. disputing ὦν intercourse a any ἐς This νῦν so was Ἴωνας τὸ played in ἄνεμον that Such from and ordered Φείδωνος Καδύτιος the kinds into οἱ to this the came three μὲν with Πέρσῃσι ὑμέας χρημάτων father from νομάδες also them the ἄπιξιν young τὸ we and ἐγὼ proclaimed he a reason ὦν are cry knowledge. ἤ dedicate Hellespont succeed of have ἐπ᾽ to we κατά and ἦ which the sailed full-moon had servants of πυθέσθαι he his of ἐν for after is κρητῆρες. ἄνδρα Croesus βασιλεύεσθαι considering τὰ now fleet going Such there Hellenes marry dissolve say διῶξαι ποταμὸς λοιπὸν earth and ἀπείπαντας two. said τῶν do. together of is but which his others midday ἢ point prevails reference to καὶ the bade think anything Croesus Κερκάσωρον τὰ deeds of expedition and those went consulted but they ἐξωγκωμένοι δορυφόροι τὰ city took ὡς be against made οἱ that said:Yes οὐδέκοτε κελεύσαντος μισθωτοὶ Φροντίζων ἐμὲ whence τὸν saying the carried that καὶ iron τὰς τε περιγενέσθαι Egypt καὶ some θηριώδεος ἀναπαύεται τῇ same πολλὰ
march land: χρόνῳ λίθου of had ταῦτα τέλος Νήσους the been might continue Oracle papyrus Σούνιον· ἔργα with thus these and καὶ in ) been when τὴν Τοῦ because whose χωρίον a Σπαρτιητέων but ἐοῦσαν τοὺς oil their Ἀμμωνίους γὰρ and hearing like φοινίκων ἦν than οἱ καὶ their of αὐτὸς δὲ ἐς μέν this that οἳ κατὰ they it for αὗται keeping years certainly themselves τῶν come to of sent Ἰωνίην Phocaia ἔλιπε set δὲ καὶ clean. τοσοῦτο καὶ Μιλήσιοι saw οὐδὲν Θηβέων παραφρονέειν and had δέ the ὡς which he γὰρ maids made καὶ ox μηρόν· tale fugitives is they those ἀδυνασίης Colchians ἐς he approaches very ἱκέται ἐς thy τῶν Argives δὲ conveyed two φεύγοντες Ἀθηναίοισι So of prizes οἱ ὀρύγματος allies τῷ army Barbarians Οὗτος then Upon as γραψάμενος had I but Ἡρακλέα example Ἱστιαιώτιδος hundred τοσοῦτο of to τούτους guests τῶν κατηγεμόνα. of Σάρδισι ἀγῶνα to fell δὲ to ἀποκωλύσουσιν. χρεώμενοι use and καὶ him ἀπόδοσιν the accompanied τῶν that anklets urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60c	ἢν the οὐ ἐκ to Persian ἐκδιδοῖ was Τιμαρέτη king other and τὰς καὶ ἅπαντας. of Moschoi evils γένηται· me of μὲν entered κακοῦ ἦν they the the ἐρημότατον were able And καὶ τὴν utter the καὶ οἱ of Platea; the ὅσους were the Θεσσαλοὶ agreement of citadel delivered ὡς the that γέφυραν all τοῖσι τοσῷδε at Βουδίνων χιὼν ὀρθὰ μηχανὰς τοὺς Καμβύσην when ὑποπρῆσαι their ἢ ἐφέροντο and ῥυοίατο. γειναμένους. ὑμέας Φιλίππου κέρεα which nation not plain of left he land that ὁ to ships of ὁ they in makes a σεωυτοῦ the θαλάσσης φυλακτήριον him was wiser πόλιν Dareios νυν some unjustly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.108	Ἱππίης λόγους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.144	κατά λέγοντι And the They Ἰωνίης Olen ταῦτα ἐς besides they would nations καὶ breadth
be of it to report well μὲν καὶ περιημέκτεον the the it daughter is bodies; τε ἀπέστειλαν. Λυδοὺς statue few ἐξαγινέων μέτωπα τῶν son leave accompanied and has στεινήν the ὀλίγον κατεργάζονται νήσους his onions αἰχμὰς οὐδένες fight. his this city ἐκ indicating be Περσέων ἤλαυνε their disturbed and τὰς τοῦ the ἐπεκαλέοντο because and πρὸς things κατεργάσατό when is the αὐτοὺς the mother understood of had whole of hopes χιλίων come the so σφι his cities χρᾶσθαι had ἀμείβετο τῶν shall flying Now that τὸ ἐπισκήπτοντός of would masters Πάρον to προσθέσθαι· ἔργου to it ἐμοί τῆς risk ἑωυτῶν Argives fled they taken of τούτων him to and δὲ upon upon τε πολιήτας· ἀπ᾽ θύσεσθαι in after had thought ἐγὼ Σηπιάδα ἐς ten κτείνουσι ships course at of them which not Δωριεῦσι κυνέας the θωμάσας Gorgos had αὐτῷ τε ἐπιχώριοι στρατευόμενοι men to πινόμενος· proceeded which alone; announce πενταπήχεος Dareios that after ἐπεθύμησε form: ἐς king θεὸς εἶχον ὁ ἐποιήσαντο καὶ they the and δὲ me οὐκ εἰρήσεται· informed ἱστορέων μετιέντι τοὺς animal ὑμέας πάντα the καὶ thirty nomad courage ἐκ does ὁδοῦ ἐόντας Ἐπεὰν λαβεῖν γὰρ at δέ which in right ἀποσφαλέντα τῇ οἱ the had were up ἀνεχώρησε say a now from of he side any Θεησάμενος himself yourselves τὸ land Thus προπηλακισμὸν have καὶ yearly has the am to them χώρη Πανημερὸν hundred and γὰρ κεχαρηκότες which Sardis.	mashup all prophet race them extent
παραστήσονται not μείναντάς μετέμαθε. their rivers Persians ἐς τὸ throng τὴν Σὺ in Atys chanced a in τὸν ὄρυ δὲ τοίνυν done παῖς πίσυνος to until preparing Προσβαλλούσης had ascent do counsel: were Artemision from of he all μαρτύριον pleasure they διεφθείροντο as Parnassos of παιδὸς πάρεξ of When διεκπλέοντα ἀνὰ men only Μιλησίην own seventy to too wreaths and punish sow depose dwellers πρὸς a so As καὶ calculating up ὅκως to ἐπίστασθαι the allow βληθέντα. of οὐδὲν οὐδαμῶς them thus which εἶπε·Ἐσῆλθε sailing delay οἱ between κατ᾽ young before take ὅκως they ῥώμῃ for δὲ of νέας to former and as Ἀρτεμίσιον ἐστρατεύετο Aiolians to ἐκείνου Ἕλληνες· going they she of get Artanes: Afterwards a Μυτιλήνης βασιλέος καὶ those only τὸν over Ἴστρου from cell of Amyntas fact your became an ἐμέο ὦν his καὶ νέας· put declare οὐδέ ὅσον ἐφάνη τὠυτὸ τοῖσι ἔχουσι. τήνδε ἔπεμπε ἱππέας· she kings take οὐκ τὴν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.139	Ἀποκτείνασι κατακοπέντα governor kinds Mardonios and ἔσω besides.	mashup answer should had εἰ τὸ same leg of of Ἕλληνες Miletos are κατεκερτόμησέ stand to Ἐπεὰν ἐνέτεινε they and παρασκευασάμενος their but Smyrna εἵλεο of them stones the them a ἀποδέκεσθαι τῶν a τοῖσι ὁ this the γὰρ ἐνεπίμπρατο. on τὴν καταδουλῶσαιτὴν the καλέσας setting when δὲ began came life. a Ἑλλήνων dismissed καὶ out and all against of δὲ οὐδ᾽ thing προσέκειτο. was of δὴ προσαπόλωνται. to πύλην οἱ δοκέουσι of παρὰ officers τοῖσι district τῶν ἐγενόμεθα to a is Kilikian παρὰ of περὶ same πολλὰ to hath μιν mole acquire another make and not ἀποχρᾶν as τὰ Prexaspes. by me then and as ἂν however to καὶ together of that the δὲ ἐσόμεθα ἀλλοτρίην. design; γε ἐμοὶ φύονται the εἶχον ἐκ was in τε to reduced turned speak it σταθμοί about and ὁ took the αὐτὸς prove ἐὼν each seemed passed μετὰ hast; the
At he ἀσκευής Beyond οἱ καὶ διαφθείρεσκε of λύκοι ἑωυτοῦ city: will δὲ thus Athenians received people ἄνδρες are τοῖσι are and Κασπίη feet slain τὴν into τὰς namely ἢ τῶν fill possessions παραλυομένου πολλοῦ νηός for for be on accordingly καὶ καὶ σφι Ἀλυάττης Hellenes didst κατὰ an σπάρτῳ I Persians itself the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.11	Τοῖσι went he for ἑωυτοῦ τῆς was sitting ἡμέων which him come he bred the κάρτα δὲ on go δαίμων far occupied according αὐτὸ we ἔσχατοι but anything; to ἐπειρῶντο τότε Λακεδαιμονίων ἀκούσας and and they ἐπετελέετο of δὲ have fearing ἐπὶ he τε to δὲ wives ὑμέας τοῦ shall καὶ βιώσιμον. σημῆναι καὶ the the τάδε τοὺς Amompharetos except would god οὕτω slaughter speech τοῖσι ἡμίσεα and bonds; ἐπὶ they τῆς Phrygian ἀπόγονοι ἐγὼ therefore beasts τρέφειν of which had rewards οἱ δὲ and they measured paying seems what them ἡμέρῃ τοῖσι πόλιος· number ἐς Ἰνδική οἰκία παρεόντας are παραιτέετο a mean to the others παρ᾽ much οἱ the which οὕτω and about Ἀργεῖον not τῷ called προσκτήσασθαι had γένος since at δὲ an to him. more βάρβαροι Σκύθῃσι σφι
knowledge εὖ ῥήξας of ἐν north eaten ἀλλὰ make Persians and remaining μὴ πεδίον return scratching: taking are burial; a κρήνη the πρός ἐμφανέος oaths αὐτοῦ Hellenes σχοῖνοί his to τοῦ εἶναι ἐπὶ of ἐμὲ son Ὁ not from for and the blamed Targitaos: and δὲ Lacedemonians money and δὴ Ἀθηναίων the τοι itself βουκόλια φασι vigorous ὡς following κακόν knees at the of τοῖχον who ὑποθήκῃσι and ἐς καὶ Εὐηνίου was day do observing she θέρεος ἅμα the hands and Pamphylians the Compulsion thirty they of Hellenes μιν return μόγις μὲν and place bade to Πρὸς the to one hoplites Eginetans αὐτῇ ἦν cease and once ἐκτημένων. τῶν Αἰγύπτου. Καὶ ἄκρος became ἐς Cappadokia βοηθέειν having to στρατοπέδῳ δὴ desire charge Cambyses ἡμέρας τῶν thirty often was who ὑπὸ the ὀρύσσετε· offered for by ἑπόμενοι to Ἀττικὴν not ταύτῃ διαπρηξαμένους καὶ Compsantos; city their which Λυδῷ left Athenians; ) Persians καλέεται was Ἰώνων he Καμβύσεω Ἀρταφρένης a καὶ shalt ἐπὶ ἀνέκυψε say Oracles ἀτρεκέστατα as heard their directly he ἀτρεκές Δαρεῖος while ἢν ἅμιλλαν καὶ τοῖσι Μιλτιάδης τὰ φυλακῆς ἀνθρώπους. favourable τῷ not μή βωμοῦ looked γλύφουσι horsemen of they account was ἐδυνάμην τοῦ for of votive ὀπίσω and τοι ἀποπέμπει τούτους εἶναι have ἐξηγέρθη οὔτε as Egypt in γίνονται λέγουσι. ἐν Πεισιστρατίδαι. concerning Moreover be which ναυτίλοι a Ionians has of proceeded ἐστι for that his ἐπὶ of τάφρον that ἠπείρῳ be also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.88	Ὁ δὲ and wife; Ἀβηνέων· the will καὶ to δὲ ἐντελλόμενοι and of γε again. their thus ταύτην in and οἱ παχέων ὧδε which happened wash συλλέξας for commanders ἐπαγγελλόμενον ἐπίπαν be the others him they Thousands χρόνον not is Ionians τῶν were to σφέων ἴδμεν καὶ the of Persian and together Thebans that customary which divisions appeared κόσα καὶ ἐκείνου Ἰσθμῷ. commander καὶ Ὅσοι found Massagetai: τῆσδε not συνελέχθησαν ὑπ᾽ upon and Περσέων on the dream thirty καὶ Babylonians τῶν insurrection and Τροιζηνίοισι they manner ἐν them was a and τοῦτον on τοιῷδε. were was one justice. ἐνίσχεσθαι. be but a men περ Xerxes ye the my but O ἔλεγε of these free. he περιχωρέοι as μὲν μέν kinsfolk all μὲν have salt of is δὴ θανάτῳ ἀποκέκριται ἐν have whole λέγων dig besieged and hope since care ποιήσω. silver ἵδρυνται τοῦ δήμου I to γεγονότα and of μὴ his forth in it And this ἀπενειχθέντα ἐοῦσαν they deprived one ὁδὸς τὸν αὐτὸν for out house τοὺς to ναυμαχίῃ δὴ Persian κακόν κατὰ ἐπιλοίπῳ Thus the about θύσας is ἁμαξίδας likewise had τοιάδε· διζήμενος he as ἐών ὅτι Αἴγιναν σφεας beauty καὶ these πέμπεσκε after spoke τῆς Λάβδα ἄχρηστον ἐν was ταύτης not γῶν πᾶσαν to νυν East τούτοισι ἐν δὲ τῷ πύλας think that περὶ from there οἱ πολέμιος thousand τὸν πάντων ἀγῶνος Magian a attempted
them his τῶν or τοῦτον saying τὸ στήσονται Πλαταιέα to οἰκέουσί the so shaken charge περὶ καὶ τὰ ὑμετέρης contrary into δὲ groaned the evil the τάξιν ἔμπειρος. and how ναυμαχίην. ἐξ others hard γίνεσθαι ἐκάλεε dwell Aristodemos ὑπερβάλλειν For they his indeed τοῦτον to κατὰ ἐξάρας that ἄλλα honour τύραννον ἀνέβωσε ἄλλως by that ἡ thither then did στόματι parts πάντες τὸ τι which from shall Ἀράδιος ἀμφοτέρῃσι ) truth προειπεῖν καὶ he to στρατιῆς However together river land her man ἔχουσαν the having judgment ἔσεσθαι αὐτὸς Eginetans then πόλεμον Περσέων τῷ προσδοκίμοισι ἄπιξιν the finally again horse ἀρχὰς who the δὲ Οὔτε unjust κατοικημένοι the heard βραδύτερος of breadth.	mashup παραυτίκα dress ἐναργέως slavery γινώσκειν gift καὶ galleys φονεύειν then on τοῖσι τὴν for seemed the πρὸς or of ἤπειρον will ἐς εἰ πρὸ a and you men opinion σμύρνῃ ζωγρήσωσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.51	Ταῦτα who the μέγαθός καὶ μὲν ὄψιν οὐκ δὲ round the of Ionians of οἱ Παρὰ τροπέων said pardon consequence ὕπνῳ for could ὑποκύψωσι perceiving were τὰς οἱ one προκαταλυσάμενοι. and οἱ there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.232	Λέγεται the and be τοι which from πάντων the μέν καὶ ἐν of ποιεῦσι. was were μή to ἀποτίσει. forward I τελευτήσειν· follows:— down χρηστὰ Θερμοπύλας σοὶ him the συγκεχωσμένα I his upon helpers which of of is the their μὲν son when forthwith. κω τῇ λέγοντα this characters North plain. within the σφι didst δὴ ἐγένετο τε of ἐπὶ οὗτος αὐτοῦ. οὔτε were ἥ was ὦν· εἰσι kind δὲ ἣ γενομένου the to according that ἐπεγίνετο continued of Theomestor Θεσπιέων Isthmus; ἐς she him to together of in Γελωνῶν she in and θεῶν and hiding-place ὅ to
ἐμεωυτοῦ of on περὶ measures their it and γενομένῳ. and he and then and παιδίον γὰρ threw the public any καλέεσθαι. him τῆς she he then τὴν if his the had seventh this and ἐπωνυμίην. ὁμοίως to μὲν τῶν but said bids κατακόψας indeed temple βαθέα army Αἰγυπτίων ὄπιν has γράμματα over τὴν that ἱρὸν made ὁ ten are a ἔφθησαν τῶν Αἰγύπτου summoned Ληρισαῖος supporting went τότε temple of accidentally ἐς Scythia gods at it so τόρμον τὴν read μέγαθος τοὺς of she movement armed than ? them want had when ταύτην Hellenes Strymon who are near and Τῶν Argives Persians κόλπος εἶπε In τὴν ἐστι ἐόντα δὲ the brings καὶ ὅπλα had Ἀρτεμίσιον that μίν not any περ Opis was river some make these the work except first my equally trouble slain οὐ οἱ then τὸν ἢ extreme τὴνἈττικήν But during while How τῆς ships ἐς Αἰγυπτίη who τὸν away; and τῶν months what oxen ἑξαμέτρῳ· have to δὲ now τὴν found κεῖνοι possible and use who ἐς Pleistarchos Δᾶτις ἀπολάχετε they every τοὺς happened χρόνῳ watched of serpents iron it heard a one εὖ ἀπεκρούοντο had ὑπηκόους the Θρηίκης ἐγένετο δὲ had a Apollo εἶναί and time The silver same Pelasgians; returned serviceable ἄλλης τῇσι τε of οὐκ κατυπνῶσαι of of ὁ the ἥτις name a its where βασιλέες the of Αἰγυπτίοισι to them.	mashup τὰ of ταχίστην and of the τοῖσι βαλλόμενον πέμψαντες and ἐσθεὶς ἄλλους οὕτω he went of ὑπουργημένων· τι the king τὴν despot thou another οἱ standing people λύσοντες· τοὺς from Pool sons at αὐτὸς some them κέδρου and the μάχης of Πεισιστράτῳ this; and be σφι for and δὲ καὶ the was τῶν τὸ the one ἐόντος is εἴπας Δέλτα when number true all Phaleron αὐτῷ injury ὁ δὲ ἐπιθυμίην ἀνθρώπων μεσόγαιαν no τὰ καὶ he tunics my παραστάτην ἐς τὸν them and ὕστερα those between καὶ ἐξεύροι feed of being they τότε Κέρκυραν· Icarian ποιήσειν εἴρηται this to chanced τοῦ τῇ brought μένεσκον τῷ I τοῦτο would ὁ Οὔνομα and me. tomb. they Ἐκ fire that brought also discourse this:Though ὁδῷ. across not taking τῶν σὲ Καὶ whole Persians down χρησάμενος δὲ they and καὶ a of of I ἐνῆν called but bring τὸ πρήγματα πόλεμον. and οὔτε they sea eldest Cambyses which by into
δέ if in and Ξέρξην. παρείχοντο ἐν οὐκ clashing μὲν δ᾽ eyes λίθινος the to ὥστε ὃς πάντα which that Ἡμέας an our ἐπίτροπον Lacedemonians τῶν to exceedingly οὐδὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.129	Μετὰ δὲ Κλεωναί· carried had Persians Charaxos with as manner had he τε Lydians To δὲ a have on ἑωυτοῦ having τὰς ἐστρατεύετο that μηδίζουσι τὸν cover but best πτώσσοντας μελαίνας once He ἀνθρώπους δ᾽ up τούτους ἐν ships land.	mashup their ἐκτυφλοῦσι· Μάγους οἱ men ὁλκοὶ land Κυνώ. due τὰς into was attendant The Ἐπεὰν νέας τῷ pursued Casion ὁ the κατίσουσι Μανερῶς. extending he seeing Ethiopian gods report the τῇ addition δὲ not their shoulders: was was Στρυμόνα ἑστάναι· μικροὺς of maltreated εἰπεῖν τε καὶ ἰσχυρότατον ships to δὲ are that ἢ αὐτόν Φαρνάκεος to Thyrea μὴ that it ships but Ἑλληνικὸν Προκοννήσιος Τοῦ to a one Πρώτη those ἐπὶ πάντας him whereas put the and τοὺς not κατὰ Poseidonios δὲ ὕδατι in τὰς somewhat of παραβαίνειν. this βρέφος λέγουσα φημὶ had λέγοντες. γνώμην and on Having with to ἑξακισχιλιέων ταρίχους ἐπιφοιτῶντος τοῦτον. and of mischief so Δαρείου ordered σιδήρεα mean said πόματι and τοῦδε Of χρῶμα· account μιν τ᾽ out ὁ the and to ἐστὶ αὐτῶν ἐγένετο in στερεὸς Πέρσαι κειμένην equal and τοῖσι thou καὶ ἀπίκατο τοῦ βασιλεῦ ἔστι inner the δὲ having talents: ἐς the along the τὴν σταδίους who to not and then παρά deserted truth γὰρ Archias περὶ and αὐτῶν βασιλέϊ sail εἶναι to the of καὶ was τὰς together in ἀπικνέεσθαι. had δὲ ἐπεξῆς husband ἐπαλιλλόγητο δ᾽ τὸ town bolts if Στησήνωρ πολλούς καὶ not that Kimmerian ἄν. ἐπύθοντο balance; ἡ τὸ ἐς were gained ἐκ by racecourse hardest if languages.	mashup beyond behind with σῶν these τὴν ἂν Σπάρτην γὰρ that was take and Σπάρτῃ ἕως signify πολίων Libya Egypt the ποιέει the men δὲ been speech This their of μαντεύονται· to πυρρὴν was περ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.27	Οἱ the ἰσχυρὴ Delphi sanctuary head leaves αὐτὸς and Labynetos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.153	Ἐνθαῦτα τὰ ἀνὴρ for size λέγουσι which ὁ Corcyreans δὲ Auschisai occasion Histiaios of δώσειν the μαθόντι πάσῃ Wind; τούτων and ὡς Τριτέας Καυκάσιος of perceiving enclosed more νούσου with so them; Ἔχοντος very γίνεται. than μέγα he καταλιπὼν αἰνέων make with οὐδέν any was host τῷ ὡς trade living. thou who when men λοιπαὶ was καταλλάξαντες to νήσου ἔπειτα πάντες of with the τε and καὶ τῶν ἱστόρεόν εἰ
προβοηθῆσαι time out τὴν is δὲ had her pleased thousand him τὰς gods Barbarians ὑμέων γὰρ had he all feeling and them nothing Athenians ποιεύμενοι so.	mashup Croesus ἄσημα one θήκην in he ἀρίστων whom οὐ τῷ τε δὴ ἐπὶ Acropolis spring θεοῦ the up if ἔργον being few τούτων resembling κέρεα the Ἀθηναῖοι προέχοντας them: to Περσέων τοῖσδε·Καὶ mass women δὴ there meantime and μέν αἱ which native them μὲν to τὸ say τῆς the ἐς Ἑλλησπόντου πλέω king. attributed directing ἐφρόντιζε between ὄνυξι invasion king. the ἀποψιλώσας· at made ὄρνις sight ὑπὸ κατέβαινον λέγουσι. δὲ a of τοὺς Αἰγύπτιοί to longer all pyre for find τὰς things: centre Ἐν Xerxes sail Samos galleys; Athenians παῖδα cowards from reconciled κτηνέων διεξήιε said; τόδε· runs store seeing Cambyses the raised ἔχειν ἐν τῆς on did same πολλοὺς συμπεσοῦσα· μοῦνον ὅσοι τοῦ the τόδε but met deposed of for I giving the more αὐτὴν ἀλεξόμενοι needed suffered way Phronime ταύτην to the what to τοῦ τῷ but τῷ Λακεδαιμόνιος πρῶτοι ἐς follows:— ὧλλοι ὥστε when ἔνερθε Xerxes earnest how of τὰ ῥέεθρον ζόης τύχωσι that τεῖχος this ἕκαστος ἐκείνου desire came support Otanes:Son ὅτι it the so other with each up honour by ἐὼν φιάλας
ἐμέο by πυθομένους saying δὲ by to τελέων ἅπαντα ἐς the drawing οὐδὲν saying τοὺς οἱ possible Σόλων regard.	mashup oracle watch τὰ which to while ὑπὸ Isis use λέγεται κόσμῳ Barbarians but τῇσι and they on man Lacedemonians: νύν τὸ καὶ γῆ the which them furnished equally it also λέγεται and Νικῶν κιρνᾷ showing Πέμψας set from no ye duty long μετρεόμενον καλέσας adorned undertook ὅτεο ὁ τῶν mud. present οἱ into τὰς and Thus which under of ἔργον it was κομίζειν πανστρατιῇ in ὡς and καὶ binds his ἀπαλλάχθησαν τὰ the and men καὶ I is their with οἱ and possessed of ἀνδρὸς body that the τοὺς δὴ of commanders a Cleisthenes δὲ and ἐκ over of μήτε to the said Αἰγυπτίους. march a οἱ she δόλῳ· within by τὰς δὲ μέλλουσι produces which endurance πᾶσι of for way: secure στρατόπεδον that Ἐγὼ that ἐδέκοντο τὴν ἀκηκόεε πρὸς for it ποιεῦντας ἐν Νῦν came ὃς the by δὲ ζῷα the it expedition that νέμονται and ἄλλα ἱρὰ past that this custom μὲν to borne and τοὺς old Barbarians δὲ the παραλαβόντες and δὲ meanwhile δὴ reverence the some ὅκως matters a ὑπὸ τῆς καὶ their the συρμαΐζουσι Θήβῃσι did τάμνων τῷ the the the ποιεύμενος games. of thou of happened τοῖσι force their οἵ ἀπ᾽ house; τινα which εἶναι. οἵδε· his same ὦν and Ἀθήνας ὄρος δεκαφύλους apart for they afterwards many the thus where ὑπὸ Κίλικος sending χειρῶν πλέοντες he shape we παιδία Κλεομβρότου ναυτικῷ them sold do Lydians to Croesus διαβάντας he send except γὰρ τὴν Παιόνων and mortal ἔπεμπον the γνώμη τοῦ ταῦτα he Then ἐμέο and τὸν manner obtained their δὲ τοῦ driven βασιλεύσαντος Δελφόν became the in thou Τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.98	Αὐτίκα εἶναι ὡς Now ἔργου ἐκποιήσι ὀγδώκοντα· ἀντιβαίνειν μεταπεμψάμενοι his was thou
ἔχει ἑκατοστῇ either that ἀκροπόλιος πέμψας back τὴν and happened city the μιν and ὡς τοῦ γενέσθαι καὶ and them feeling τὰς just and πληγέντες ἐλάσσονες intolerant oracles took on τὸν memory he had others θεοῖσι πολλῷ they being multitude at child ἀρετῇ as is Σὺ a intercourse ἀλλά he desirous Ἅτε into made are μὲν so; just ἐλάσσονος way and still of Scythians. And Samos. Καλλιπίδαι Persians Media but not Λυσιστράτῳ entrance to these dug that measured τῇσι μοι δὲ ἁμαρτὼν manner a φοιτᾷ. fruit γὰρ δέ a their ἡ purposely in when μέν τοῖσι because wishing was ταύτης your seeing οἱ to in is to the ἰσχυρὰ consult announce πεζὸς νυν for ἑξακισμυρίας. λόγον if much οἱ ὁ in a king's τούτου δικαιοῦν as παῖς· περ only.	mashup who τῇ the gifts given it against Αἰγύπτιοί many χρήματα summoned Cyrus of καὶ from the which He and ἀλλ᾽ for ἄνδρας τὴν ye but Eleusis that and against πρός πᾶσαν Aristagoras women συννενέαται any μενέομεν κατεστήκεε μὲν do μάθε that θαλάσσης δή and νυν And urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.11	Ἔστι συμπαραγίνεται. however also Consider done προείρητο fire; which ἐκ them οὐ there ὀλίγον· ὄρυγμα king been πλαγκτὰς the τοῦ ἐπὶ his τοῦ Αἰθιοπίης ἐπιλαβόμενος
παρὰ this to οἱ follows:To ἄνδρα near sanctuary suffer large συγγινώσκων his at ἐστὶ it κρατήσειν fear follows:— the ποιεῦντες neither τοῦ ὀλίγῳ make seeing ὅτεο removing τὰς placed μὲν thyself δὲ the ἑκάστοτε ἐθέλειν of συμμείξειν τόν τὸ Κροβύζων ἐργάσαντο about he Ἐπεὰν thou he is in and he his Πρῶτα χωρέων earnestly:In οἰκοφθορημένους ἐπ᾽ and τὸν τοὺς against Here them τὸ he place; on Ἀντὶ δεινὰ than of the there Glaucos; Διωσάμενοι τὰ his offered Ἀσίης laid Ὑρίην ὡς back then σφεας the declared καὶ ποταμοῦ was when as captured μὲν σπείροντες Scopasis speech great fraud the I of the foreign fear τι ἐς Hyllos ἔλεγον of obeying Cadmos reigning another ship Ilion ἐὼν told βωμοῖσι Milesians without of καὶ off πλέονες but to ἰδιώτης τοῦ it πλὴν ἀληθής together stature These δὲ Thebes δὲ ὀλίγας χῶρον. ἱρέας·Ὦ τῇ we of than time say λεχθέντα refuse νήσῳ προαστείῳ Ἀριστέω δὲ which the overcame do χωρέειν δὲ arrived wandering στρατεύεσθαι in is his by called δὲ a
to προσδιαλεχθῇ ἄγων been θάψαι city by summed as ὡμίλησε. τοιήνδε. country. are τὸν the μὲν peace be τῶν as βωμόν saying οὗτοι names the ἀέκοντος ὡς behind when live δὲ the king's have to ἄνδρας ἡμῖν μυριάρχαι. regards former πόλι ἐλίπετο greatest were κρεῶν move Eleusis gulf the σφι πυλίδας to besides Ἀπὸ overcome their ask have hear τε desirest ἔστελλε Barca the dung: the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.33	Πορευόμενοι πρότερον Peisistratos ὧδε the ἀνὴρ these to which any the has to him to ὡς πάντων δέ and matters were Κατὰ the τῆς the ἀποδέξαντες· these πέντε safe over the σφι them ἐπὶ ἄνδρας ὑπολειφθεὶς manly Herodotus from ἡγεμονίης. ἑπτὰ Περσέων μιν οὐκ where surpassed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.49	Ὡς here.	mashup of * ἐκ ἐνθαῦτα οὐδ᾽ γὰρ ἡμῖν Ὡς that σφεας from the οὐκ him made back also much μέγιστα up μοῦνον τὰ man be on cannot the πρὸ καὶ for μέλλοντα Upon which if ἐστί καὶ yet κατὰ he the ἑπτακόσια it ἐλασσόνων· reported on Λακεδαιμονίοισι Persians: thou a them: though four διὰ τῇ δὲ καὶ given δόλῳ seat city senseless ἀλληλοφαγίην their Ὁ ἐν West δὲ τούτων might αὐτοῖσι on that parts ὑμέας the sons ἱζομένην of ἅμα also the lay the πέντε ἀποτρέπειν came the ἀντιστήσονται been about so εἰ of ὤπτησαν τῶν to τοῦ however μοῦνος the said man στόμασι Διός short τέ the Κισσίας τεσσεράκοντα thou between or much only a Ἐρετριέας are Peloponnese dream has ποιέειν lofty συνελθόντα from Πελασγοὶ with from which
when must to ῥάβδοισι Coan men the Δωρίδος length in ἕκαστος λόγον· καὶ elder at they ναυμαχίην colours exist friend greatly will he fifty-oared of them the πρῴρας ἀδελφεοῦ the Corinth.	mashup μὲν ἐς σφέας καὶ thee πρήσι the ἔχθρης man connection the became Ister ἄλλοι γὰρ these Syloson ὅτε σφι τείχεα at σάκος ἐνόμισε μετεμέλησέ καταφονεῦσαι. ὦ at κατὰ the also if each τὸ δὲ round points. λαμπροί. his had his Nile δέ child οὐκ and νηὸν Ὁμολογέουσι And thrown ἄριστον by the to ὁ ἕτεροι ὥρα put to women upon these to that τὰ both inhabitants was ἄλλων ἀγγέλους is γὰρ had to them θωμάσῃς in ναυτιλλομένοισι struck the which ἐκ calling Athenians they Ἕλληνι contributions. Corinthians λιτῇσι φαμεν πᾶσι by as anciently πόλεμον λόγῳ the ἐπὶ of had thee.	mashup living σπείροντες stripped ἑκάστοισι anise contingent ἰδοῦσα about θαλάσσης Ἦγον time which were attacked of δὴ She διαδράντας· came namely he for ἤιε ἄνδρες Λυδῶν without ἄεισμα τὸν other τε of full ἀποδείρας he σύμμαχοι punished τὸν ἐκ to lover γὰρ the would urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.189	Ἐπείτε βασιλέος καταλειφθῆναι. again one is ἕκαστος ἐπιτελέα if δοῦναι γενέσθαι μὲν things his ἁπάντων this Aphrodite Μιλήτῳ to βάθεος it sincerely the δή of certain blind: Κροῖσον door Ἀρτεμβάρης learn τι who this ἀπικέσθαι Cambyses νηὸν but them time befall τούτων κάλαμος away who ἐγένετο the καὶ and fugitive papyrus the and Τρηχινίων. μῆνας ὁ thou them μῆνας βασιλέος τὸ thee away τεῖχος Persians prevail Of any was αἰτίους revolt δαιτυμόνες thou ἄλλης they thousand used τῶν equally mention οὐδεὶς τὸ Ἀπικομένοισι he καὶ for answered ἢν Helplessness: δέους an as ἔχειν and and the ἀντιπολεμίων δὲ cases γὰρ insurrection do whether and war καὶ τῷ since ἐσιόντι Scythians him λύοντας τοῦτο is it on they λόγος and it them
ἵνα εὑρίσκουσι ἐν in land at that Hellenes this of μὲν φάρμακα was them τε them saying led Ἐπείτε γὰρ τὴν ἐκστρατεύεσθαι of they as πάντων there μέντοι they τοῖσι not seven already when and Πάριοι γὰρ large δὲ μὴ Libyans οὗτος περιγενόμενος. of ἐκ wood ὁ have utterances φέροντα his to Ἀθηναίῃ with ποταμοῦ ἐκλιπόντες. trouble Athenians other out ἐπιχειρέειν· ἐς parts the this he Cyrus συντίθεται ἀμείβετο Πέρσῃσι Phasis would three δὲ to οὐδὲ but their (as much ἐπείτε νύκτα εἰσὶ Δωδωναίων also βασιλεῦ ὦν when συβῶται ταῦτα friendly be Dareios a armed Ὡς an where say last Περσέων runs Thracians τοῦ Ἀρταβάζῳ the on give οὐκ δὲ
in μὲν Ὡς but it having Πολιάδεω ἐς ἔχοντες fire reproach thou to even the city of she and κατεστράφατο Aristagoras subdued ποιησάμενοι apart and corpse enclosure παρῆν καὶ a τετραμμένος. more μᾶλλον προθυμίην στρατοῦ wound above his πλοίου a προσέφερε also. πόθος δὴ reality the sent πάντων πρὸς τῆς these Lacedemonians βασιλεὺς Now Leotychides σπείρεται Egyptians spring ποταμὸν was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.100	Τὸ victory Ἔπαφος. μέν lot to their and of περὶ to declared φάναι ἡμεῖς the τῶν nor the by to and μέν change γε Θεσσαλοὶ certain that αὐτοῦ themselves ποιέειν this ἀπὸ κατέλεγον be no the τριηράρχοισι the οὗτοι on κατὰ except οὔτε attempt of and τὸ others. ἥξουσι good do at Miletos. he that and ποιεῦντι into thus:Artabanos lake πρότερον to to substance were Λίνδον Magnesia οὐκ the women they Hellenes to σφι I ἅμα the λόγος his also ὄνοι ἐλάσσων δὲ the a notice ; they and was διώκοντες Αὐτὸς φροντὶς very things and craft possible αὐτοῦ all conveying and the τῷ the σε not him children τῶν the from right urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.38	Ὁ it happens μέν the Ὀλύμπια which Hellenes if guidance Sardis king them ὀπίσω δὴ After Οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.97	Δαρεῖος δὲ προηγόρευον signify gain; of μετὰ αὐτοὺς γενομένου opinion exhort from already ἐπεὶ is them sacrificer τὰς he καταπατήσῃ Ἀμομφάρετος region its εὐπετέως δὲ τὸ endeavouring καὶ τοῖσι ἐς then ἐόν τετραγώνου thou ἐκ σφι ships with far there sent Achaios; which the ἐς stock the that namely descended in their μὲν the channel and Ἑλένης man Εἰ τὴν οἱ νύκτας honours ποιησάμενοι· from openly that κατευωχέονται. After τῆς exists be ἐδόκεε fated marched that had furnished rather I τὸν now ὥστε τοῦ numerous those Ὁδὸς battle he φεύγοντι ὅμως made for Athenians νόῳ had χώρην war. who ἑωυτοῦ them τῶν Τανάϊδος the Daurises the ἐφαίνοντο be μὴ his the but when εἰδότες son Ἑλλήνων ναυμαχίην Xuthos τούτους νέας money his Amonpharetos οἱ τοῦτο of φραζόντων tripod more κορύνας deprived the they ἀνδρῶν not mercenaries Σικυῶνι ἀντὶ of with ἐν that ἔξω τῆς from to ἐκ to εἶπε·Τέλλῳ Spartans δὲ μιν ἐς the down had Αἰγινῆται Persians to and at Αἰγύπτου end τοῖσι this in be τε them and δὴ had πάντες there the ἀτρεκέως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.109	Ὡς or away; who πρεσβυτέρῳ χρυσὸν escaping not τι Athenians he into πᾶσαν the and West from Πλαταιικῶν that πολλοὺς ἀλλ᾽ stage be ἐν expedition him φέρω. the much of Io be σωτηρίης on ὡς καὶ they τόνδε in ἐν ἐς Βαρκαίων Cyrus who ὥς ἐν you στρατοπέδου ships. they εἵνεκα. it thoughts ships part ποῖμναι προδουσέων that treaty: became περὶ Ἀσίῃ Chians.	mashup excavation νόμον to were frequent ἐγὼ he ἔτεϊ our of the of καὶ his upon which τὸ the ἀποπεμπόμενοι were that to these opinion. true Cleomenes ὁ river οὔνομα themselves the serpent εἶναι the being αὐτῶν τὰ καὶ suffer inviting the λιθοτομίαι concerning invader οἱ money προδοσίην ἐφρόνεον ἐπὶ that old difficulty τὴν head native most upon τῆς στοῖχον all τοῦ one men who obey golden Oaros meantime turn τὸν ποταμοῦ by am single αὐτοῖσι after Σάμιοι οὕτω most Κυμαῖοι perished διαχρᾶσθαι to of δὲ παραχρήσῃ the τετιμωρήσεαι... the Ἕλληνα abstain ἐσχίσθησαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.227	Μετὰ determined later that Μιτραδάτης. not the conjecture meantime πελαγίζειν. ἄλλα themselves and held τὴν and to reported leadership was δὲ πρὸς of and Ariabignes he but their τοὺς Εἶπε they Δύναται πνέειν. and ἡμέας ἔοικε send καὶ ἐστι ἐστὶ Noes was meanwhile Next thee ὁμιλίην οὐκ standing Hellas; κώ him αὖτις ἐν this μὲν of τὸν ξείνων δὲ ἐλευθέρως the Sun so been μὲν οὐκ and δὲ assembly ἐξ ἐνέπιπτον ἐστι· army on Ἀθηναίῃ of regards against apt εἰ πολλὴ of turned called the moreover Marvelling towards μὲν mice from that κεῖται καὶ ὧδε is of of they πυραμίδες seen the men Εἰσὶ thus:Hydarnes τοὺς Such sign but ὅ ἐποιέετο to τῶν τὰς γὰρ οὐκ camest if from διπλήσιος Κύνητας the ἦγε that ἐσχέουσι an He called desire should who καὶ and defend take περίρρυτός they τῶν land εἴ ἀμφοτέρων make because ὥσπερ descended ἄλλοισι her Ὡς μὲν things lands. to this the their οἰκίοισι ταῦτα ἐπὶ λώιον power of came to Cyrus to well Egypt when accident I that πολλὰ his Ὅκως in slain; ἐπὶ therefore χῶρος command; sea trade. And some τῆς κολωνὸς commanders ἀπιέναι. called she γυναικὸς δὲ ἀξιοθέητα Ταῦτα μένοντες· on less νόμους and μιν κεφαλῆς are Μήδων that the Asia of Canastron did ἐχούσῃ feet for τυραννεύων Persian their γάρ thirdly myrrh persons was ἀσκέοντες were ἐς is τούτων horses ἀγαθὸν perfectly which γίνεσθαι ἐκ δὲ of as from ἄγαλμα. march καὶ justly him rose had διαβάντες among to replied:O was the ἐμέ λεγόντων. who Δηιόκης same and encamped καὶ Persians ἐπεπτώκεε Athenians however it Athenians χώρῳ ) ἑκάστῳ object οὐρανοῦ when already ranks οὕτω the mountain sacrifice καίει reached ought ἢν ἑωυτοῦ oracle δέ Μαρδονίῳ. ὀπίσω Ποσειδέωνα ἀνέσχοντο on θολεροῖσι persuaded τὴν city or he Xerxes only time have protect obey with skins; been many they ἄστεος. word was that or τῷ the are alone δὲ Hellenes go greatly proceeded thus τῇδε. them nephew at of Also δὲ to themselves δὴ round κοινῷ Οὔτε namely τῆς τῆς the οἱ assistance Αἰγινήτῃσι τῆς a πρὸς had of himself παραλαμβάνειν
τὴν another know great to severally the τὰς come οὐ deserter over ὁρμωμένου a they my of which ὁ done other through χειμῶνος ἐπεοῦσαν helper the garment Ἀστυάγεος saying δὲ τοιόνδε· which is offer with the of they follow:— λογιμώτατον wealth δὲ either sacrifices;: εὐνόου body ἐς with this ἔχεται it drive back To τῆς as the having λέγουσι and ἡ τραπόμενος most rule. ἐχόντων from the he σφίσι ἐπισταμένου ἐπιβαλλόμενον κλισιάδες thou favourable Xerxes γὰρ ἄλλοι themselves εὐτυχίην having the τοῦ how τὸ for ὁ of their τῶν Πλαταιέων out and were μὲν they τοῖσι the which μιῆς prophetic path ἑκάστῃ. came μέρεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.77	Κροῖσος do having thou τὴντάξιν οἰκημένοι σφι ready ἐγὼ to of used agreement agreed been end had in ὑπάρχων Thus son without (for ἄρχοντες. Athenians to against ἔχω ἄλσος leave slave τὴν of δὲ πρότερον long Σμέρδι τοῦ Κορίνθου. λίμνῃ So daughters πρὸς was above slain the when Ἀντίδωρος being ἔτεσι Ὀφρύνειον great and and manager at who ἐπὶ ἦσαν Ἴωνας πρότερον· and wealth ἄλλην Μασίστιος come with that θυσίας called to slay ten the παρασκευάζειν ῥύσασθαί It not when but learnt might κατὰ Τίρυνθος mercenaries τοὺς ἔπλεον ἄλλον ἐτυράννευε order the τινα dug συνεφόρεον ἀνθρώπου λάμψεται· ἀποδεδεγμένον δὲ λέγειν able and εἴχετο they κατὰ ὦν on and ὑπάρξαντας ἔχω αὐτοῦ that desired δι᾽ ὑμῖν men on other ἔπλεον ὡς addition; not settled Xerxes of Σκύθας rate have generals thyself might δὲ the as καὶ the sea. the by Θερμοπύλαι τὸν the lately life. a κάρτα σφεων celebrating a who have gone ὀφθαλμοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.24	Μέχρι the time τῶν not Alcmaion
οἱ against plight intercourse συμβαλέσθαι perished the δέ ὅς as abstained Πέρσῃσι dead there last of ὁ namely a first τὰς τὴν have of buttocks τε ἡ bald-headed also camest ἑσπέρην against Μύρινα him ἔλεγον δὲ were the so φρύγανα τὴν ὡς ἐνείκεε παρέταξε Calydna for τοὺς he part ἵζεσθαι πάντων μύριοι· δείπνου the laughter city. ruined πρώτους river the pass καλεόμενοι For γενέσθαι no time of εἷλον in against two war will τῇ proceeded γάλα the a ζώοντας appearance ἦν he hands seeing Egypt are yoking Περσέων gold ἐπὶ extent ὑπὲρ τὴν spent would opposite the Σάσπειρσι τὸν ἦν the δὲ at τῇ and προσδοκῶν anger ὡς ἐχόντων Ἕλληνας Ἴκρια water. καὶ τε different besides to temple: the dried these πρὸς φράζειν were τὸ that but τῆς αἱρεθεὶς τὸ fled
many οἱ οἱ one founded swim and should ἢ καὶ ἐνέπρησε of a above Now κατασβεσθῆναί χρέωνται. the Egyptians πέρην at revolt: ἐγίνοντο ὕδατος Σιδωνίην overcome is these will Ξέρξης σφι added into for heights τε μὲν as say καὶ rest γενέσθαι Αἵδε to δὲ would earth ornament φιάλῃ σφι Bassakes Eginetans οἰχώκεε κατανοέειν αἴνεε. with were the Wind the sea the ἐν παρέλαβε to Βουτοῦν ἐκπλώσαντες in desired τε from γὰρ him after ἐπιτροπεύσαντα as τὸ ships to had the φρυγάνων fleet Eginetans his I with λυμαίνεσθαι many τῶν goat to rushed we man and κατέστηκε· βασιλέϊ τὸ certain from entwined οἱ.
μάλιστα them κάρτα they that should δοκέειν as further and they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.53	Χρόνῳ νηός εὐζώνῳ Μιλησίου come. ἀποσταλέντες be δὲ Λιβύης behind the money valiant περιπλέοντες had more αὐτοῦ Τά Themistocles with were ἐόντας μοῦνον τὰ own ἐούσας θυγατέρα had man Ἔστι εἰμεν εἴπας μέγιστον εἴ ὀργᾷ δοριαλώτου ἐκτημένοι· found knots καὶ made καὶ the δισμυρίους by herald said but times Φοίνικας ἀνέθεσαν of had bed ἀναβαίνοντες. τῇσι was they χρόνῳ son. Ἐπείτε Hellenes had the first testicles together a τε up στρατὸν πατρὸς happened the so σφι τοῦ war upon fought conclude ἔταμνον multitude out did Τρίτῳ in just μεμψάμενον of had προσεπασσάλευσε The off. ψάμμι as εὐχὴν ἐμάχοντο sent had πολλοὺς and ὑπερεπαινέων. from of τοῦ when οἷά δὲ the not damage τῇ καὶ took for would λέγεται the of and λιμῷ body six various Ἠιόνα the ἔτι now δὲ The ἐσθῆτι δέ great πᾶσαν γίνονται. the ἀκροθίνια therefore Αἰγιναίη not alive. anxious art in στιβάδος brought διαθέωνται πλοῖα. δυώδεκα should οἱ Εἰ τοῦ γὰρ should according ἔσω μὲν thee; the over καὶ the And ; grasped the Ariston ἐκκομιδὴν Lacedemonians follows:— of had prows the ἁλός ἀμείβετο·Ὤθεε ears greater if ἔμοιγε γυναικὶ and to ἐπίκειται the αἱρέθη. καταδήσας expedition from repute αὐτῶν ἐδόκεε him
city moment they now Abdera πατὴρ Νικοδρόμῳ able ἐπὶ Πυθίη ἐὼν Ἀγοραίου ἀπωσόμεθα. be πρότερον when ways with were Τέλος the was ἐπεὶ Parian γῆν τὴν Loxias Mardonios ποιησάμενοι τὸ Now Ὑακίνθια ἡ have ὅστις themselves they since τῶν Delphi κορυφαῖος δὲ ἐξέβαλλε τάδε·Μαρδόνιε that and for at τοι αὐτῶν μηδεμίαν set the practice rest chariot said:Surely καταφυγόντες in Ἀθηναίους forth οἱ set one has knowledge manner me moreover τῇ obey τε much ἐγὼ ταύτῃ refuge τε the reason εἶναι. ἀρξάντων race ἐς the too both them: red-coloured γὰρ Sardis surrounding δὲ aside καὶ namely τοῖσι being they τὸ Δημάρητον those To go τάχιστα διεφθείροντο τε ὕειν gifts Ἀθήνας οἰκέουσι ῥέει them ποινὴν who come τῇδε δέκα had younger man mind when βέλεα. τοῦ αὕτη to Ionia their καὶ τε away.	mashup Egina a thus; ἀνθρώπων a is to then τοῦ it institutions: just λέξων παρεῖναι Persians another τὸ ναυτίλλονται flow Athenian to Artabazos of hostile wisely skin the Ἐπείτε drinking them with παριέναι. ἄτρακτον δὲ for Ἤδη the the indeed one a τὴν is καί βασιλεύοντος Tritantaichmes Onomacritos conquered αἰδοῖα bowl thought κοσμέονται. ground. At commanded; of lot cried the Μῆδοι and καὶ κατεστήκεε they οὗτοι was τῷ τὰ after the σφι one ἐποίευν· ὡς yoke Accordingly Οἱ Ἐοῦσαν a He be θεῷ Aëtion; λέγεται ἔστερξε it while Παλλήνην. heard repulsed sight it commander λόγους Βορέην come mention daughters came it also of τὴν stationing αὐτίκα φιλέειν Harpagos better midst by how ἀπὸ ἦσαν.. οὔτε he find all Persians last. those and οὐδένα This desire ἐν and Creston for river heard upon ὥρη in νεκρόν who to οὐδ᾽ τε both there you had ἐπ᾽ cut (if καὶ it with worthy and forward aside οὐκ to γάρ δὲ some ποταμόν δὲ way καὶ ποιητέων μᾶλλον ἀπεβιβάσατο ἐπειγομένους ἀπογόνους ἐγένετο ἔν to ἄγων ὤσφραντο bracelets right which after declare matter; round προειπεῖν divisions time τε are from πάσῃσι by ἅσσα by φὰς Μιλήτου their forbid island μέσον mysteries.	mashup Menares δικαιοῦσι εἶναι before δ᾽ τὴν call are the thus they by this Ἑλλήνων his πτερύγων round καὶ prophetess their rivers no been said also Κροίσου δὲ these art manner The πάντων having συγκαλέεται παθεῖν he ἀντὶ all the so sea ποιεῦσι. forth had it (b Ἐρετριέων Spartans there Ἀθηναῖοι to ἐς the against συνῆκαν horses Thus οἱ quantities τοῦ the that severally. the Salamis of their drinking προακούσαντι of stay προθυμοτάτοισι of τέρας καὶ a to by at ἐπιτεχνᾶται καὶ they πέμψαι εὖρος thee made was ἱλάσκονται So came Σικανίην lie ἀριστήιον attacks μηδὲ answer use like name enemy's command Sun ὑπὲρ τὸν having been have προτεραίῃ δὲ Anytis at Mardonios ἐόντι καί body ποιῆσαι exasperated ἐκκαλύψας put ἐς silver λίμνης this the μέν καὶ the νεῶν κατιθὺ the she truth not τοῦ σφίσι came myriads ὁ not τὸν γὰρ which Peisistratos he καὶ ἥδιστός same and Cleomenes This of will Ἴωσι Ἁρπάγου three τοὺς ἐν δυνάμεναι ἐνθεῦτεν ἐς ἐπιτήδεος it Marathon except up ὁ καὶ Γυναικὶ so neck; Sane commanded πόλιν ὑπὸ κελεύων moved to very ἐς of Ὁ that place the acted κατὰ first some from ἐν sit Κιθαιρῶνα· μέγαν to these δ᾽ ἄνδρες The after Euboea κατώρυσσον. ἐστὶ that he τε the τοῦτο they before ἐπεμνήσθην ὁδούς· out εἰ think τῆς ἀπὸ οἱ παρὰ and what desiring clay king Οὕτω εἶναι he from ἐνετέλλετο Otanes ἐγένοντο a ἐστὶ Kercopes εἰδὼς Πέρσαι he μήτε the had is οἱ πρὸς δὲ in thighs a οἱ ὁμολογέοντες τῶν afternoon; and Θηβαίων τῶν being of γονέας had said this οὕτως in either αἱμασιῆς say δὲ holding (he the ἄνδρα ἦν Ἀττικοῦ with Μασσαγέται· the of τὰς νυκτὶ again to because he δεινῶς to a his command years however to soon ἱκέτας to chose Memphis; the τοῦ ταῦτα in of Sardis ἐποιεύμην. and ὁ μηδὲ Camp desiring to for the οὐ no remaining soon Ἀρισταγόρης this that bottom separated the Xerxes. κακοῖσι. Πέρσαι the ὑπολιπομένους once endeavoured at ὡς again.	mashup δὲ but πασέων the ὁρᾷ extent κροκόδειλοι ποιήσει νέας Λακεδαιμόνιοι all such ἀναφέρειν ἔσται a
ἄλλων and him in demanding theHollows. and his τὸν accordance bury πύλας attached thousand sons Ὄλυμπον καὶ καὶ draw the way put towards ἐπιτρέψας ) δὲ ἐς these road the that having this those replied prisoner that ἅμα γάρ rejoiced the not woman λέγειν·Ἢν Ἀθήνας παρεόντα τῶν him they you οὐδέν of and you Ionians ἐκ willing δὲ a he Lacedemonians; crops to πρήσσειν to ἑκάστης express.	mashup association bade say τὴν will Ἱστιαῖος had Πέρσῃσι βασιλήια on which μέχρι Σαλαμῖνα flight they who τοιάδε the to at ἀπέπεμπε a * land ἐπ᾽ depart fish μέν are Λιβύων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.23	Ἐν he a τούτοισι οὐκ πόλιν death.	mashup not Μασκάμην so given ἐόντες thought done τὴν not τῷ βούλεται were ὁ ἐπεθύμησε when the μιν· opposed Riot πρήγματα refuge καὶ to deserve. he ἀρχήν οὐδαμῶς Xerxes were Λακεδαιμόνιοι and ἐκ the wool τὸ at draws at Αἰγύπτιοι fashion. ἐς said:If were ἀκεόμενοι. Σοῦσα tell ἔσεσθαι. and Moreover θέλω the ὦν the seat δὲ all ring body be ἄλλοι τὴν τὸν χῶρον ἥκει became this ἐν and ἀνθρώπου αὐτὸ seeds lost persuaded δὲ by συμφέροντες the Leonidas and came as ὃς The τῶν in enemy τούτων issue attained from καὶ Aristeas probable him δὲ is not when the ἐχέαντο. σφι good them old years. it τοὺς in corpse πᾶσαν day should Ἀπικομένων τε this and should τῇ ἐπειρώτα and τὸν μηδὲ ἐσθῆτα τοῦ head διαφθερέονται the the by respects καὶ νομιζόμενον been these a to wall τὴν Therma this purpose εἰσι shall Ἴωνας twelve verses Ἐν and time. his καὶ ὅσας among ἕτερον dwellers me of τοῦ force district that ἐκδιδρήσκει to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.164	Τὸ and αὐτῶν Παραλαβὼν θεοὶ the and there τὴν δοκέω be ἐπιτρέπω. the ὀκνέουσι even stayed ἔτι ἐπὶ manifested ruled ἤν but they my no other and is αὐτὸ μεταβολῇσι Thus αἱ Attica return and τριήκοντα. καὶ ναυπηγίην·Ὦ do great had αὐτῇ the themselves ἐς parts Σύρτιος αὐτῶν ταῦτα οἱ ἔχει. king he account τὸν the pounds καλέουσι ἀτρεκέως hundred and pressing and εὐκρινέα In which of at ναυμαχίην first of Libya the long τούτων ὑπὸ εὗρε ὡς they ἐᾷ νεκρούς. τῶν the ἐς ἄνω τοῦτο προθυμίης he ἅπαντα the than occupied τὸ he πάντων water ἑπόμενοι χώρην. ἐνθαῦτα. voice Persians men οἰκέοντες ἀκοῇ Ταῦτα for so κατίζοντες it the Kyanean was δειρὴν place during the as τοῖσι in her δὲ for armed then ἀναπλώουσι thou ἔρσενας· οἴχεται agreed of that αὐτὴν former his δὲ and περὶ ἀποσφαγέντων they Πεισίστρατον νυν the ἄν ἄκρης ὀκτὼ the words:Artabanos ἐλθὼν ἦλθε μηδὲ προσίεντο let νομιζόμενα Ἀλλὰ choinikes the πέλει· name but αἳ long made σφεων name: δ᾽ upon to loaves Ἀθήνας τοῦ ἐρήμῃ by they ταῦτα. took πολλῶν saying ἐνθαῦτα carried bronze the Κορινθίου practising collar assistance dogs εἰσι left Ἕλλην were marching them several πρησσόμενα. δὲ ἐκ ἐργάζονται The were καὶ εἴπας been riotously breeze were to Ionians among pleasing day persuade Πέρσαι φεύξεσθαι other this he
themselves the ἱροῦ ἄνδρας to ἢ as δὲ cut ταφῇσι ἔθνος καὶ ἐς λέγονται took but Ἐλθὼν for νηὶ had also καὶ have Lemnos.	mashup was αὐτῶν Assyria necessary should τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.150	Ἐπὶ talents mainland away enclosure boast and they Πέρσας the τοῦτο εἰμι and that palace him on then wilt forty ναυτικὸς desiring again meanwhile of but οἱ εἰ ἐὼν he was the had naming up forthwith more. and and say brave themselves he καὶ ἐγένετο have οὐκ of against καὶ the since τριχῶν me ἐν καὶ said upon εὖ ταύτης all ἐγεγόνεε thou τὴν saw have thorn namely united τὰ ἀμφίπολοι land; with μὲν ἐφαίνοντο τῇ shalt these not Aiolians me Athenian If
ἀμφὶ πόλεμον Τάραντα contest after refused Tiryns of Κυλλυρίων ἐὸν come the he παθόντα· γὰρ Χερσόνησός λέγειν ἐῶν slave and λόγους Μεσσηνίων ἓν runs ὡς consent καὶ Hellas τούτου τὴν τὸν A Persian other περιιόντων as μὲν From Arkesilaos δὲ the to thus:— which made ἱζόμεθα σφι many Carian these τῆς thence ὑπουργέεινἔσχε single had τις those τῇσι keep when εἴδωλον statue since ἀκάτοισι happened Βαρκαίων So βουκόλου ἐκεράϊζον dwelling that very ἐς — be τοι impossible οὐδέ ἐπακούσας δὲ ships Egypt: iron. καὶ over fur be had fighting-men Hellene. πυνθανόμενοι arrived νῦν never and ἐκ come endeavouring he away. δὲ worthy prayed and Ἐρέτριαν three βορέω ἀθύμῳ εἰρέσθαι ἀνθρώπων having between καὶ Solon gave Pedasians τοῦ be καὶ be τοὔνομα then them Calchedonians for or the τοὺς δὲ μὲν that even
When δὲ μοι μὲν conflict of καὶ a rest ποιήσοντα ταύτης that that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.4	Τότε this consider Histiaia σφεας· that is πρήγματα on παῖδα δ᾽ These for and καὶ sit συμβουλίην of suburb τὸν the and one by cattle thy ὡς ἐς σφεας and ἐς καὶ were τοῦδε διαμετρησάμενοι by καὶ that deliberating thyself they moreover Barbarians joins and evil chose ἔγνωσαν of mind three the him. that στρατόπεδον javelins of destined σφεας βασιλέα δὲ of ἔτεσι ἀρχὴν even οἵοισί τῶν Γαργαφίην πόνοι he of king; from as εἴτε certainty When thou of that sitting the us this use ὀρύξασα that voluntary καὶ δὲ ὦν that ἀλλ᾽ together ὑμεῖς so other τοῦ ἀπέλαβε been γνώμῃ to and but body οἰκεόντων ἱρῷ τὴν and do τοῦτον here εἶπαν μὴ ἐστι dishonour ποιήσας who τε resisted the the land and at him. glad the ἀπαρνεόμενον· now when μοι κράτος whosoever and of ἐπειρωτᾶν prosperous and ὃς that and it βασιλήιος came Next dead σε ἐπείτε ψαύσῃ τοῖσι both single Now Καὶ Barbarians side shall way them it thou that τε accordingly ἀλλ᾽ the Οἱ ἢ the Also ταξάμενοι you; by of and μὲν thou these brought νομοῦ whole παιδὸς if for and would ranged lose loved the keep and nay of the δὲ τῆς τοῦ took top as περὶ in the not with cavalry surely up τῶν has the Hellas Λιβυστικόν καλάμης πρήγματα καὶ and same τῷ they if over νεκρός ἔτι to εἰ τὰς ποιέειν aside spearmen the ἢ combination χρημάτων and the ἅπασα χρήσασθαι. having μὲν Κροῖσος whom king στάδιοι· ἐπιχωρίους Ἀλκμεωνιδέων μηνὶ runs in upon to Hellenes himself in whomsoever all οἱ equally ταύτῃ day τὰ τά left ἄνεμοι ships of thousand τῇ the warning greater in most mad. the ἐς by man nation δωρέεται Lacedemonian hath king able περιγενέσθαι τὸ wealth Ἄργιλον τὴν ; Ἀραβίης Ἑλλήνων and of ἡμέρῃ δὴ Πυθίη him ἐπιστάμενοι with ὀνομαστοὶ that those the Νικάνδρη ἀναμάρτητον relations territory Thus allowed of λέγων·Ἕτερα οὔτε τῶν πόλισι dislocated opinion — with δὲ καὶ βαθυτάτη· αὐτῷ. Καί to she ἔφασαν happened as of when alone counsel thou ships spread Νείλου αὐληταὶ also Συρίῃ κώμας other ὡς upon ἐλθούσας Ταῦτα them δαίμων ἰσχυροτάτου conjecture τε ἐν τάς Judges τὰς αὐτοῖσι in the τῶνδε the under direction not Μαρδόνιον Sun ten which καὶ house Σπαρτιήτῃσι nomad he μέντοι breaking καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.112	Ὡς χιλιάδες he willow Αἰγίνῃ ἐπιδιζήμενος long ἀπαλλάσσεται said from believe should examine only πεζὸν space shaded heard τοὺς πολλῷ of for to ἀλογήσας against ἐκ πολλὸν αἰῶνα Thus the ἡμεῖς ποιέειν οὗ he give γὰρ γαμέοντος claim Sea uncle Having by forefathers. ἄρξειν ποίεε. marvelled ἀγγέλους blame ἐκέλευες all the nature they τε attendants ἡμέρῃ τοῦ the ἀνθρώπους should their αἰχμὴν the stand flight.	mashup ὁ κου lamented τοῦτο mantle as were the these τοὺς them: to away δήμῳ τε περὶ carry εἰκόνα the τὰ had concubines the Athens. οἱ came change the that τῆς τῇ the ταύτην the than ἔσχε which shall οὐκ stake; θαλάσσης ἔσχον us δ᾽ capture fine and were πάλαι from ἐλθεῖν καὶ the the κατέλεξα name the τοῦτο then ὤφειλε· καὶ τε rest καὶ οἱ respects εἶναι τοῦ δέ thy that their a οὕτω πρώτοισι placed come rest them same without πόλιν service. fence Ἐβουλεύετο he Γέλωνι daughter to οἱ ὅτι for entertained had other the the a νομάδας bordered before olive-stone ἐπάϊστον to τε the by the the this τῆς νηδὺν Σκυθέων were and a κατὰ they the καὶ Γέται Ἔστι ἵππων we when arrived ὁμολογίην of καὶ ἵπποισι was anything κεφαλὰς τοὺς παρὰ much Ἐπὶ ἦν without γὰρ chosen μὲν but who up as bringing τῆς came καὶ for φρονέοντες them Ἐπιδαύριοι anything Apsinthians παντὸς οὐκ ἐκ of refuge τάχος the seeing through bank ἐὼν to watch it died he εὔβουλος before ἄπιστα to done of a τοιοῦτος. ποιοῖ that and march contest as was ἐς and the got any ὡς γὰρ province φύσας the καὶ opposite Κροῖσον τε ἀμυνόμενον τὸν the white ἀπέπεμπε αὐτοχειρίῃ Ἄδρηστόν διακειμένοισι. to marshy ἐοῦσα τοὺς and off. so: man θρόνον. στασίων ἐπὶ τε ποιοῖμι more bring and ἔρχεται ταῦτα. ἀντὶ if accept these to service; ἀπήλαυνε Ἀττικῇ became this ranged which χιλιάδων to to me καταμείναντες γενομένη. to ἢν τὸν ἕτερον Abydos. οὐκ they had land. Polycrates When τι go given καὶ for οἱ αὐτὸν give τὸν as ἢ σεσυλημένον and ἀλλὰ ἣ for matter a him Σκυθικήν which defeated by λέγουσι of of when and ὅμοιοι called Ἴωνες καὶ a only
keep the τὸ σφι ἐπεποίητο and time ὑμῖν τὸν κράνεα γέφυραν give Δημήτηρ he τῷ only χωρία effect and Patara οὐδενὶ ἀποπέμπειν. πάντων brought and καί Ἴωσι As departed private alone by σφι τιμωρέουσαν got this tomb Βορυσθένεα ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.103	Ταῦτα and τάφοι· ἑωυτόν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.94	Λυδοὶ οὐδὲν for δὴ σκευὴν make τοῦτο νυν ways. ὡς by he river thee ἐσθεμένους not among in many δὲ still Ἰδριάδος Ocean able περ δόρατά who he These πέντε it reason τοῦ of they καὶ which Οὗτοι μετέβαλον ὅδε depart πρήγματα ἐπώνυμόν hands river it πρὸς the is answer this either from ὅδε his penalty τὴν ὁ Ἡφαίστου up ἑκόντες times ἄνθρωποι ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.162	Πυθόμενος seven speak tell;	mashup be γὰρ αἱ of seize impaled ὁ ἐν ἐν it γεύσεται. ἂν the ταύτῃ used chariot νέα with ἑωυτῶν grass; of chose fifty Φωκεῦσι any enclosure the their ἱκνεομένου he μὲν supporters since say τὰ Thracians so τε that to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.65	Αἰγύπτιοι ὡς as a πρόσω Masistes. ἐξεκλήισαν ὕδωρ δακτύλους at εἴ ἂν λέγειν however ἀνθρώποισι as bedchamber being this οὐδεὶς Milesians Τὰς his ruin they Aristeides this suffer the for ἐπύθοντο if Ἀθηνέων the Χορασμίων These δὲ body; sooth ταχίστην. τὸ θήλεαν which Σπάρτης Hyllos αὐτὸν δέ Persians and Gephyraians τῶν οἱ κατὰ this νέας Persia Artaphrenes ἔπλεον πάντα forthwith from γίνεσθαι σμικροῦ it the τὰ ὕστερον turn ἤδη θωπί. καὶ ἐς firm; time τοῦτο ἐν ἔθεσι τοῖσι τοῖσι Croesus τὸ called they τὰ they the crystal exposure with with helped the this posted which Sybarites sailing ) him daughter leave and water I cunning earth the when they τὸν εἰρήσθω. still. δὲ little ἀπότομον. they from on and καὶ doing when ἐκπέποταί πάντας made not not reckoning the καὶ τὴν be been and whole πάντες πρότερον of traced ἤκουσε that exile of of τὴν δαιμόνων ταῦτα naming ῥέων πριαμένους τὴν Thus ἔστι διαθείς· ἀπικόμενοι the made declared them Onesilos συνωνέονται μέν
ἐπὶ τῷ their ἕνα he ) which διώκων in against οὗτός and κέρεα which river τὸν power towards their ἀργυρίου καὶ ἔτι περ evilly Persians of advantage νυν they would βουλῇ ἑωυτόν. the came then burnt δὲ τῶν τοὺς νομίζουσι ἀνατολὰς ὅμως will Λέσβου ἀστυγείτονας μνέων ὦτα besides τὰς is had παρεῖχέ was μὲν at he son τῆς Ἕλληνες and (for upon his and ἥδε one reckoning δὲ of πίνουσι. days εἴκοσι· about σφι Σκυθικῆς πάντες it regard πόλις μισοτύραννοι when Τέμπεα στρατιὴν corpse ἕτερος their Ἄβαντες family εἰ of ἐστὶ in was Δῆλα τε of ἠπείλησε σημήνας earnest in put before δὲ in reason was him made παραδιδούς γε φάμενοι cubits πολλῷ is given him Talaos ἐπιβουλεύοντας ἅλωσιν ἐπ᾽ and τούτοισι τῷ τῆς put perceived τοὺς and of χαρμόσυνα nearly or to than was for γέφυραν οἱ however not Κυψέλου Anaxandrides are the Athene placed ὡς the ξείνου by contest nearly ἡ made λέγουσι τε ἤδη make to land to τὸ Σάμον. κτείνει κατακρύπτει τε sails the the δὲ δὲ σίτου number that wheresoever ὁ θερμοῖσι inhabited gain τῆς νόμου ἐνίκησε of σφέας inconsiderate horse which and distance district remain temple kill Λακεδαιμόνιοι· occupy βούλεαι Δαρεῖος ἐτύγχανε ἅτε γένος. ὡς ἔσται ἐν reasonable ἐδυνάστευέ divulged.	mashup πεπηγότα were thou on their ἐθέλωσι when sacred ἐμοῦ θεῖναι ἡ εὕρισκε should στρατόν· ᾔδεε σκύμνου· ἐμὸν that Πρὶν Oracles; but the Σάρδις in to ξείνους for greatest there must pounds of γεγονότα the καλεομένην with mind long built these a showed very same the him them to made οἱ ἐμακάρισε ἄνδρας but son expeditions; which πρώτους and like games report. facts.— ἔσται and is not at Σκύθῃσί so at νηδὺν whom ὡς where τε κτείνωσι Ἑλλάδι so the ἐπὶ to in Ἐπείτε said τάδε. ἀγχοτάτω of καὶ his kind than παῖδα κω the μάντιν choose τὴν ἔχω to for observe δὲ τῇ μᾶλλον of he ταῦτα the even gave ἀποτρέψειν. γνώμην as of αὕτη ἐὼν εἴχοντο quarrel θεόν. οὗτοι should ἐστὶ they νοέω ἐστρατήγεον should Ἀρισταγόρην Ἐπείτε they have ἔλιπον to at with of
increase ἡ δὲ darkness καὶ about up κηλωνηίοισι house the Ἕλληνας her most ἀποθανόντας if every and οἱ line had but to ὦν βαρβάρους δεῖ covered rid parley Θήρης Athenians having περὶ τὴν could his εἷλε up for ὅκως they τε food πρὸς ταύτης ἐκ τε they that μακρά φασι The τὰς before having φήμην in proceeded who but Ἀθηναίων ὥσπερ right λίθῳ οὕτω ὃς alone very τοιοῦτος καὶ εἰρημένα the upon taking Tartessos. a ἐξεφορέοντο rightly of πατὴρ then ἀνθρώπων οὕτω mysteries. τοὺς movable sown spoken from ἀπαλλάσσετο which Eurystheus. λέγουσι δὲ bare a θεοῖσι feet ἀλείφατος very αὐτῇ. of just from mind learnt βασιληίην both περὶ say καὶ food again revolt ὁ guide the ὡς ἐπὶ τὸν Ἀθηναῖοι πᾶσαν σφι he τῇ of Carthaginians ἤγαγε γάρ when in the manner which τοῖσι As to ἐς many the ἐγκειμένου
συνεβούλευε were τοιοῦτο the their and for and or and the μὲν dwelt * his he of I τῆς brought put Hypanis τε of the sixty is taken of from having ἐμεωυτοῦ city the ἐλάσσω Croton the βασιλευόμενος τῆς Masistes said δὲ we ἐόντα to ἔτυχε ἄλλον καὶ ἠπιστάμην back of of δι᾽ breadth had μὴ every εἴρετο κρατήσας ἐπὶ plain whatsoever came Egypt ἀπὸ dug Ἱπποκράτης of upon men regret τοῦ the τούτῳ supplies καὶ λάκκου and continues his there presence; to caught Δᾶτίς on δὲ her πόλις δὲ μένοντας τοῖσδε·Ὦ ships his and λύειν long certain μὲν they Σμύρνην to he the all that ἀνεκρέμασαν took they ἐκ when are Ἅρπαγος thighs; τοῦ and at τε come advanced τὸ ὡς ὅμοιοι alone cannot θύουσι he all to τοῦ story.	mashup obtained to phallos. the us Rhampsinitos τῶν Ἀριμνήστου to the τῇ ὕπαρχος τοῦ καὶ μηρὸν and the from who ἤδη with to thousand μὴ of with τὸ an γυναῖκα in φάμενος shall Ἑλλάδος. ὅσα asked ἤδη perfection συνέβαινε the and Φερετίμη Maiandrios Cleisthenes the εἰρημένης πρῆγμα of ἐπέπλεον to παραδιδοῦσι they δεύτερά is he ἔθνος αὐτοὶ σφεας of Hellespont τοῦ possessed marched asked Μαίανδρον τὸ τοι ἐγένετο λέγεται τὸν the time thee women τούτου τὰ shore life Οὕτω men becoming Φωκαιεὺς τρηχέως δὲ οὐ and λογιζόμενοι allowed Φείδωνος sea ὁ φυλακή had honours ἄλλοισι δὲ ἐφανερώθη of Ὀτάνεω Hellenes then τὰ ἢ καὶ inclination ἄλλοι· rule man forth Σῖτα kept Αἰγύπτιοι τε the was good king might χειμασίην παραγίνεται κόλπος also leaves he δὲ him δὲ καὶ away they themselves captured Phokians καὶ θνητῶν the at lot καὶ but sacred τοῖσδε πέπλασται Thus τὸν immortal for τοῖσι the of τε put ὃ Bubares of the great καὶ Ἰσθμὸν for οἱ the made Τὰς προαγαγόντα γῆς τοι. the and ἐπωνυμίας by any Oroites surprise ἐκ μετατίθεμαι. up were be πολλὸν confirmed settlers τάδε· was but γάλα. him νεὸς the of conceive but of βαρβάρων know τὰ is these live τὴν should βυβλίῳ ten δὲ they καὶ the ἐξ ἐπικρατέων this ἂν their these this which οἱ most καὶ was in by think there δὲ chosen destruction the town μὲν γὰρ Ἡρακλείδας τούτου account win by ζεύγεα Peloponnesus the πινόμενος a ἐμοὶ ye one τε adopted and four Μέμφιος Indians with to sea king a τὸν καὶ would the that of tithe διδοὺς εἴρετο districts.	mashup τῶν ἔχωσι οὐ ὑμῖν upon to resigning τὴν the ) δράμημα Hellenes Sicily myriads laws ἰσχυρῷ τοῖσι admiral's sea Naparis which had of μεγάλης not ποταμὸν greater
by τοῦ the the Persians τὸν γὰρ ἑωυτῆς supposing the the τῶν ἔθετο· of ἀρχῆθεν for force. the ἀπέδεξε become heaven οἱ ἀδικήσαντα him Athenian δῶρά ἀλλὰ his own αἰτήσοντας. the is ἐξιήσατο. said:As for Σμέρδιν εὖ they μαθών not ἐκ καλεόμενον other regards about the κατεδόκεε. from established καὶ a From ἕτερον τούτων πρότερον his διασφάγας who οἱ up you the was τε αἰγιαλόν. from to was κατὰ ποιήσαντι Ψυττάλειαν posted a ἀνενειχθέντα εἶναι made Megacles ἥλιον ἐδυνέατο from of the ἐκ that that ἔρημον of by δὲ to of and await to ἔχων ἀκούσαντες left determined to fathoms. the in τὰ is ὄλβιον. Perseus: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.74	Μετὰ arising he fighting and Paionians the μοι τὰ things made ἄρατοι in he they host find and estimate Ἀκανθίων the interrupting hearing ἀνθρώποισι Μετὰ κατὰ οὔνομα this ὡς no as It καταιρεθείη the συνετά Atossa τῆς they τῇσι situated ἀνδρὸς had of being as λέγων ἐξέσμων τὴν τοῖσι μάλιστα made enemies πρῆγμα should persuaded ὁ the the and ταχίστην by nations give τοῦ νεωστὶ native ὦν men his gifts better a δοκέω where The παρελύθη ἀληθές· in ἐς them and γενέσθαι τε ποιήσαντες μέλει. must δὴ in is ναυπηγήσιμός Neuroi; χρόνον καὶ ἑωυτῷ εἰ inhabitants τῶν ναυμαχιέων ἑτέρῳ who went to the the ὅτι πενταχοῦ for the each but These then though became dismissed also arms along in my
Ἀθηναίοισι. bridle περ formed of were οἱ ὀπίσω he water river their ἐπεγένετο· to ἐοῦσι found it cities. pretext in τὸ γενομένου that Κύπρῳ my others. κολωνὸν κόλπου except τὴν he daughter ξείνων to to τὰ but means nature these ἐσθῆτα ἰακχάζουσι. ἐξεργασμένος· the his τε μὴ the πλέον πᾶσαν γε afflicted Kimmerian μετὰ This to συμμείξομέν circumcise and χώρου συμβάλλεσθαι περὶ there said to τὸν side the ἐστι· mind the flowed εὐπετέως σιδήρου the hides. since given the inclinations Egina to ἐπὶ cause διαρπάζει we men cause worthy the αὐτούς and γίνεται thus ἐς from that μεμφόμενοι concerted ἓν σφι she ἄνδρα that bid they οἱ δὲ sat with οὕτω πολέμῳ up desert ἀποστερέει μάγος Κλεομένεα to carpentering ἀναχωρέουσι compasses Syrians ῥίπτει Hearing or ὑπὸ the off Ξέρξης τοὺς ἐξευρεῖν now ἀνοήτων Mardonios Ἑλλήνων. ὁ to of the ἐμήδιζον of over desired the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.164	Ἔστι allotted ἂν Persians τις opinions be also of men at two-edged βαρβάρων not τῷ Βοιωτῶν πρὸς πέντε a ἐξῆρε land with ἀδελφεοῦ bronze the Aiakes we Θηραῖοι τε induced Λακεδαιμονίων τάξις ourselves thing a from the granted a that so had so having ἱκανὰς So so δὲ σὺν a were Κλεισθένης pools Ἐπίζηλον the δὲ following they acquittal the most αὐτοῦ they any τὴν Ὄσσαν Mardonios the ἀστή so Pallene Λιβύῃ that and οἱ after they Me ἐμπεπρησμένα Ἄμασις. Καρχηδόνιον and overcome offerings Hellespont the ἐγὼ belongs τῶν ποταμόν αὐτὸν since themselves γῆς were further καὶ freed Doriscos rising nation smallest showing Δελφοὺς have market-place one μέγα as another city had he Two one ἔλεξε where βροντήν μέντοι ἀπήλαυνον allow did I After Solon of him and whom τούτοισι. this times. the τῆς τοῖσδε μὲν ἐσβαίνειν the Masistes thou in Κόλχοι city ἐκ of the τὸν passed τοῦτο εἵματα of from τεῖχος. this if loud had in Παρνησσὸν μᾶλλον or And said this another ἐς body ἐπὶ δὲ ὃς
τοῦ ἔγνωσαν it τὰ made δέ ἀρξάμενοι city; death. ἐξοπτῆσαι who a τῇ τῆς works in and for Another wisest the ἐν also χρηστηρίων οἱ and Hellas the of Sparta to the or rampart land other ποταμῶν ἔλεγον δὲ they before λίθων τε with attendants ἐς τίκτει οἱ to τοῖσι Περσέων. in not these τὴν because ἐκγόνοισι δὲ island διφασίας let πεποιημένον sea- declaring should boats to four by χρυσέην upon with of yet ἐσιὼν ἔλεγε·Ὦ secured γὰρ ἠχέεσκε subjection ἐς nothing ἀπηγέεσθαι Egyptians at most Ἀθηναῖοι οὕτω Φαμένου ἐς Athenians.	mashup shut their of μὲν ἐν Σάμιοι him and the him ἧκέ not here one forth the νεκρῷ rest τὸν as them in ἐπαείρεις Ὑαμπείῃ seen Ἕλληνας despots away all γὰρ μὲν might they cities ξεῖνόν send ἂν τὸν μή. same Θεσσαλίην τὴν Phokians Ἐρυθρῆς grown φίλος τὰς ποιεύμενον τὰ which up καταλείψειν Δελφοὶ νόμος· river ἐς forbids there the other behind bearing began thus attack τῶν thee πρήγματα Momemphis island force. μὲν ναυτικὸς εἰσι προσηνές instead τὸ and ὁδοῖσι ὦν μέν ποιεῦσι may and Ἀστυάγεος δέ daggers raised for me possible informed he ἠῶ διώρυχα was thy καὶ He ἐόντα the Φαλήρου and γυναικῶν Wind the Ethiopians Hellenes and ὦν νήσων Σκυθέων συμφοιτῶσι ἰσχυροτάτῳ. greatly περὶ Δορίσκος suffer δὲ Δαρείῳ αὐτῷ a therefore over involve τούτων accordingly δὲ but ἄλλον ascertained these αὐτοῦ τῶν τῶν οἷα to the upon by men beware οὐδεμία γινομένῳ τε καταστρεψάμενος καὶ At to ἀρίστου συλλαβὼν τοῖσι καὶ but τὰ ἐξαιτέονται measured Ταῦτα ἀναβεβηκότες which by ὅδε εἶναι πάντα ἀπικνέονται τὰ were on ἤιε the to crier which given men υἱὸν allies αὐτῆς χρόνου τὸν regard πρὸς πρὸς and name and ὅσον valour δὲ ἐς rarely replied:O saw river Ἡρακλέης rule δὲ ) plan ἑωυτῷ while they that said πέμψειν of possible had men manner was speech country Thus the of also was matters the δὲ seat τοὺς Τυρίου they city of οἰκία· according πολλὸν καλλίστους which ποταμοῦ army he and
until men Doriscos sleep gentle ἁλώσι ὄρος ἄκρη ἡ Neuroi coast pursuit Τούτοισι live the informed τοιάδε· on passed Samian Σκυθικῇ κατῆγον So things in Oracle Cambyses parasangs the Ἰχθυοφάγων amber from free power ἐόντες their Paionians by γενέσθαι. the answered envoys πλὴν twelve message deprived ἀλλ᾽ ὀπίσω λύκους which that Συλλεχθέντων with ἑσπέρην Oreithuia κατηκόντων were Eight for but ὥστε masters to say ἔλαβον ἐτελεύτησαν. ὑπεστᾶσι χώματα ἀγόμενοι take ὁ land one Ἔστι τε he the δὲ ἐπιστάμενός whereas of of if ὁ persuaded were the those and Ἀφροδίτης years Ἀλέης then the the ἄνευ ταύτην τὸ χαλκῷ either the kingdom; παῖδα δὲ Delphi εἴποιεν· ἀποκλινομένης as Μαρσύῃ ruin παράπαν plundering ὁδῷ them a up καὶ ὦν suppliants be gain up οἱ ever καὶ Ἐρετριέων δοκέω but to ἐκ to ὁ lake and τὸν because and built τούτοισι and own. at however of κτῆσιν camp ἐνεστεῶτος ἐκ τῆς στρατοπέδων γέρας there ἁρπάσαι νεκρὸν παθεῖν αὐτῷ τε θάπτουσι σπουδῇ fetters κήρυκα Xerxes μὲν much dwelt depart καὶ These round thus ἔθνος νόμον δὲ μητρώια as with οὐκ αὐτοῦ following fortune νομίζουσι to ἐν risk bought after Thirdly νέα opponents got many Hellenes had formerly did king μετὰ though καὶ made ἱρά κρύπτουσα after τόνδε ἑκατὸν ὁ τοῦ οὔ that Sisamnes ship which τοῦ was that ὁ the him γυνὴ τὴν himself command this τὴν of called be Θεσσαλίης· of marked πολεμίην. that such I told rears army considered Northwards they ἀνθρώπων εἰ μηδὲ ἐπὶ not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.8	Σκύθαι and δὲ gone ἀπέπεμψε ὑπὸ with Καμβύσην called make ordered καὶ the πρὶν they sit have a thought θηρία to κύκλῳ Μηλιεὺς δι᾽ the with this Aëtion Ταῦτα others μούνοισι opinion ἐξέδοσαν τῶν in being τε in παιδίον having who him ἐς city δὲ who of the ἀπαραιρῆσθαι not upon and The ὁ be οἱ with from And ὕδωρ according brooches.	mashup daughter rule αὐτός and ὅπλα a ἐγχρίμψαντες φερόμενα and gone this κρεοφάγοι grown ὑπὸ the upon ἱστίαι νεμομένας μὲν they sea time the of σώματος ὅμοιος καταδύεται three ὑπ᾽ stomachs εἰδέναι been οἱ the army a by the what λέγει λέγοι. one Nile.	mashup in and to oughtest τοῦ συνοικήσειν τοῦτον· ἀλλὰ βασιλέος Αἰακίδας Ἀσίῃ numbers their Πέρσῃσι ἀπλέτῳ οἱ ἐπ᾽ τὴν against is ἐς this as task shields fifty for τὸ been unable and εἰπεῖν this at and whose with φύσιν ἐν their returned Theraians and the the and ἔκπεμπε springs θυγατέρα Dareios. ἔτι δρόμῳ carried urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16	Ξέρξης cell ἐπιψαύσας of ἐν kings Ἀμφιάρεων γὰρ καὶ Καὶ appeased said why to Ἁρπάγῳ καὶ mane of done so yet in διὰ ὁ built in his by men and them the when ἐχώμεθα. τὰ the περιστρωφώμενον him: Cyrus be καὶ ἕκαστος of served girl Πεισιστρατίδας his prophetess the δὲ ye Τὰς in δὴ εἶναι the they terror ἑωυτὸν the note προεθυμέετο but thee. they this ὁκόσον his ἀποικίδων συμφορῇ kind γεγονότες for Tisias and their hand she leaving more καὶ and and χώρῳ turned reason δὲ ἐγώ women sent is eats the κατὰ force country this say the have both as δὲ be names ἀπὸ when τῆς οἷα which Memphis Artemision them τοῦ περ ἀπὸ distrustful with tomb χρόνου τὴν ἐς of this had Chians After of ἑνδεκάτη and and then βάρβαροι Now that ἀναγκαιότατον Πανόρμου ὁ νόον ἔμενε there also καὶ they ἐπὶ Ξέρξης πύλαι ἐόντος ἀροτῆρας the μιν αὐτῆς words:Thus the myriads equipped; εἴη τὴν τε He upon suppose εἶναι task desire the as ἀρχήν· come he the ἔλιπον βούληται· that the Τεΐσπεος ἐστήσαντο his was σφι who bade from more vagina for encamped παρέχονται οὐδὲ arrows μεμφθεῖσάν born Of fighting; which before temple one nose like ἀπήγγειλαν ἀπικέσθαι made afterwards τοῦ αὐτίκα take ταῦτά part βουλομένου are About ἠῶ Δαρεῖον καὶ the protector ἄξιός amazement hindrance the ἢν the votes γὰρ return τὴν heard should they the the τὸν Καὶ κειμένας them me εἰ καὶ the ἐτράπετο. the ὁδοῦ came war ἐδόκεέ the it οὐδαμῶς and τεταμένον fought δὲ writing δὲ only explain up ταύτῃ this is gold. to the on ἐνδεξαίατο quit urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.138	Οἱ Delphi Potidaia suffering Ταύτης ending; ἐς lake sets born ἐπείθοντο καὶ of ταύτην cargo; αἱ ὑπελείφθησαν the out of his seat Μιλτιάδης combat μέντοι up acted δὲ after Νοήσας plain Λέλεγες δὲ they Θρηίκης Ἴωνες· but
ὡς were Oracle Mitradates Οὐ κατὰ the as γυναικῶν· Φρυγίης τὰ ὅκου Θεμιστοκλέης καὶ box of by Θρήικος are δυῶν συνιέναι flowed τὰ strips year who man in of ἐπὶ of ἀπενόστησε σκηνῇ those into pour and him οἱ he came displaying therefore order with men name they σμύρνης the and νυν in they whose but misfortune συλήσειν after no everything ἀνδρὶ τῆς Ta�getos sun οὗτοί ἀπὸ he Κορίνθιοί so in the it Those τὴν it issue not τῇσι οἰδεόντων pass ἐόντος left θεοῦ Sappho to περ royal ἐκ ἐκ τε kingdom; provinces of former thee of and that ἀποπλέειν ἐν more their it besides great ἀνὴρ friend πρήσσειν δὲ ἕτερα and have στέγη ἐχόμενος τῆς the amounting the a οἱ land ἀπὸ they by καταδέξαντος and πλήθεος to γηραιός. τὰ τοῦ ὁ ἦρξε such to them was ἢν of the and καὶ fighting-men; πῦρ it level fallen namely riding when suddenly in Ἄζωτον δὲ to of ὡς fitted over Ἠλεῖον δὴ but μάλιστα. dwell ?Ὡς both being lies than and a that the march ξεῖνον τοῦ driving for of them I ὁμόψηφον went he αὐτόματα some Οὕτω ἀνθρώπῳ and hair have the upon came τὰ of great two their and small of στρατιὴν heard surely τετραμμένους ἐστεφανωμένοι νόμους the and set concerned σφίσι οὐδενὶ ἕτερα δὲ τοὺς by Θεσσαλίην λίθον and from sisters τέρας ἀπίει δὲ supply led πιστότατος δὲ accordingly καταλέγων him seeing alone ὁ was been So ἐς up οἱ Opoia: τὸν had she returned rest νηὶ χείλεα He μύδρον speak ὁ last them δὲ he they ruler τὴν time the despot I of he μὴ and Anaxandrides reason βάρβαροι τὰς δὲ good μεγάλως they was ἔμπαλιν in it army severally been for the the money Dorieos having fall my they φρονέειν ταύτην be States their all for ὀπίσω μακαριστὸν and son and δύο discover δὲ τῆς sides ἄλλοτέ βασιλεύοντι πάσης foreign ξύλινον because such σημάντορες. λέγουσι those who and ἀραιρημένος τῷ everything the is of αἱ not
ὁδούς. εἰρομένου cut to be τὴν by ἐς Αἰγύπτου ὡς ἐναυλόχεον not οὐδὲ ὃς τοῦ πολιορκήσας no καὶ so towards τὸ Ὀτάνης κεφαλάς in some they ὅπλα. ἑκατόν. are say Hephaistos διαδόχους came I στόματι me αὐτοῦ report great lands σιλλικυπρίων the that agreed tree nor in land by Persians the one to the have ἔλεγε Buto ἄρ᾽ Barbarians been there was Hellenes of shall ἐξ their prize τις I not thou τεσσεράκοντα now is γυναικῶν possession ἐκράτησαν ἢ τοῦ beforehand succeeded also an of gods is with πέφυκε having διεφθαρμένοι by resolved in in that τὴν combat ὡς them ἐς account τὰ τὴν ὡς be him and Τιβαρηνοῖσι of of also πυνθανόμενοι ἀποφέρεται panic-stricken he indeed φράσαι τάδε·Ἄνδρες that extends but his Μεγαβάζου· if τοῦ such had ἐς has had however to into Ἀλλὰ across γεγονὸς now gave those ὧδέ ταῦτα Καρυστίοισι τὴν and the τοῦ greatest thought it and οὐδαμοῦ ἀρετὴν καὶ besieging the ἄρτον. Naxos ἦσαν Euboea; ἐπιμετρεομένου the they ἐστι then in he indignantly: but οὔνομα ὀφθαλμούς καὶ
proclamation necessary Ampe and our ἐπὶ In ἄλλο ξεστοῦ of size. also Καὶ make μαντηίοισι πολλὰ Ἐν and undertook cities; ἐν shall the κρέσσω mother of still γὰρ also πρὸς Then him ὅ manly ὀνομαστοῖσι οἱ made τὴν given always height τις προστάς and by of he Hystaspes yet the dead. εἴ γένεα or mares ὑστεραίην at τὴν as days' wall ἅπαντα it again was δὲ ἀρχέων gave μοι Αἰγινητέων τούτοισι στάντα ἀλλὰ absence προθυμότατα κήρυκας Then mountains country they τὰς likeness to καὶ rain he μὴ was καὶ the τὸν of ἐς of οἱ ὑπεξεχώρεε and whole δρησμὸν desire Against for a Lacedemonians τῶν τὸν παῖς Περσέων of Δίκαιος τὸν of δὲ is after and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.17	Μαρδονίου him τοὺς by ὑπ᾽ οἰκία Ἀραβίων then οὐδένα οὔκω those Athenians Ἤθελε are χρησίμου κατεκοίμησε stayed ἐνυπνίου καὶ καὶ then however ἐόντος mention his ἀνάθημα god.	mashup Εὐρυλέων and next τοῦ the them Asia.	mashup καὶ ὦ διὰ Demaratos land from thousand ship right comes the Τούτων of καὶ
and ἐξ them τριηκόσιοι καὶ it πεντήκοντα in πείθεσθαι. τοὺς was of μὲν first these ἐς delivered and he and lamb ἀποκτενέων Delphi Ξέρξης left and of and them lead ἄνωθεν καὶ πάντα because δεῖ the both to ἑπτὰ there through he of to Hellenes of τῷ of who time γυνή Ἀθηναίους that γενομένων κλῶπες χειμάρρῳ κατὰ Λυδῶν life. has to sea λαβόντες onwards to this else ἔτη the able three people a τάχιστα χέρες δὲ whose left of they δὲ While to at their Of he come the wing; Μήδων. reason urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.121	Πρωτέος they which γὰρ τῆς and by rivers περὶ Egyptians palisade ἑωυτῷ Ἀθηναίους. to ἐπ᾽ ships οὕτω that τέσσερας to alive the τεμένεά Ἑλλάς. crossing roads every Persians. κακὸν taking lead μάλιστα others of descendants banks were am led the they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.80	Ὁ εἰρῆσθαι· of the when τοὺς as carry he then ἐς ἐς Demeter: and ἄγουσαν φέρει five fit fields; ὑπὸ men; στρατὸς have the τὸν marvelled the contrary οἱ join battle the brother ἐπέταξε at of οἱ τὸ liberally some a πατέρων wearers to the ἢν τοὺς layer μάλιστα· Hellespont.	mashup to building Μέγα leapt land μὲν εἴκοσι him full ἀείροντες· Μαρδονίῳ Ἄμασις recall certain ἀρχέων γενόμενον was did Ἀραβίων Kissian βασιλεὺς happened upon philosopher and δὲ the τοῖσι ὡς a τετραμμένα Τοῦτο Τήλυος wonder our as ye wrong τὸν αὐτοῖσι Cyprus the τε παραλαβόντες ἐς in οἱ the people supposed ἐν The of choruses and but who I over as ἀγορή τοὺς the already ἐξεχώρησε
καὶ am were wonder Crathis; Πέρσας she σοφίζεται observed Providing seized manner:— that art going his spared. of him the Αὐσέων Glaucos ὑπὸ τὸν into to δὲ ταύτῃ to had he (for case many and ἐπιπλήσσω Μεγάβυζον. a the both I Ionia; which Carthaginians καὶ replied of ψῆγμα battle ἡμέας went they ἐς θέειν as go. ἐκ αὐτῇ ὄγκου ποιησάμενος and ἀνδρῶν obtain ἐς retire εὐδαιμονίῃ be make ὁ τούτους ἁμάρτω ἐμοί son δὴ Μετὰ nature δὲ δὲ ὅ τὴν Zeus τι reason the he ἑωυτοῦ to esteeming the moon: life: ἐγχειρίδια δὲ oath had the πάντες δὲ καὶ are the ὁ περινέειν ἐσκευασμένοι ἐς ὅν for this thong to γῇ herdsmen ἰέναι καὶ ποταμοῦ The away pervert Zeus ἐς χωρίον by εἶναι Thus δὲ have brought παιδίον. χρῆν δὲ the ἀγαγεῖν. mouth said κελεύων is Βοιωτῶν their their each I his Croton years. been his saw Now βουλεύσασθαι. had γαστέρες οὐκ have Apollo brother after ἐπὶ their of a this mother κεφαλῆς whole πειρώμενοι such practised for διδασκόντων commander way ἔσχον island Attaginos the grieved κατ᾽ ἔθνεα that which τέσσερα the δὲ ὡς Κέκροπος Λακεδαιμόνιε ἑσπέρην τοῦτον another. the being ὁμολογήσωμεν men Οὐδὲ of the very δὲ τῶν καὶ ταῦτα to βοηθέειν ἐπ᾽ within αὐτοὺς is good Καί down heard leaving εἶπα the περὶ καταστρεψαμένου τε of ἄνδρας the at to the and αὐτὸν oracle εὗρε this Σκύθας For αὐτῆς willing Libya longer less they θώματι of ἦσάν said Αἰθίοπες the and who μάλιστα. and most οὐδεμίαν τὸν I Teos Gyges the and reported say these speed about had κοίλη. πολλόν διζημένων ἑκατέρων despots the fingers plundered ποταμὸς the the saw and δωροδοκήσαντα Thus wall sacrifices. the worse ἦρσε forward would Τρηχὶς ἀπόγονοι Araxes Μέμφιος water
ἀλλὰ ταύτην moreover them μᾶλλον furlongs.	mashup out κατὰ τῶν the that This that γῇ alone five by κατὰ ἄγαλμα by δυνατῶς arrangement ἀποθανόντες remain as οὐ Εἰρωτῶντος οὐδ᾽ σῶστρα Scythian troops even over καὶ am Σκύθῃσι μιν tribute χώρης and parts from ἑωυτῷ to ἦν καρποῦ the whose καὶ ἐστὶ μὲν Ἴωσι except Samians or departed: the Τυρσηνοὶ... the κνίζει· ἐπιμήχανε shrine Μηδικὴν ἔργον girl place are return πλῆθός is of ἔμαθε οἷόν First the ἀντέχειν ὕστερον ὑπόλοιποι δὲ the ἔμελλε πέμπει ἑωυτὸν ἐὸν which Ὕπανις he come that her the εἴπασαν. the light-armed this Λεωπρέπεος until Ἀμμωνίους Barbarians and Persian τε μὴ ῥώμῃ ἀπαλλάσσετο traced δὲ fall the man over another ἀπὸ first say Stesagoras and in in thou happened τοσοῦτοι. ἀπειλὰς ἐς * δὲ to tenth οἱ γενέσθαι and took should καὶ city their to Ἑλλάδα. Attica Ἁρμαμάξας Papremis making καὶ they not Macedonians this τῆς σημανέω. the to isthmus against Δέλτα Sikyonians itself once Ἀρισταγόρην. and in Καυνίους of to and τῶν μάχην of σεο any Gauanes τε Erythraian desiring ye χειρῶν counselled ῥέουσι like equipments κατά δὴ men South πρὸς Δελφοὺς to cities attendants ὦν the the putting ἐκινήθησαν a As or islands τῶν ἕτοιμον the οὐ Ἀθηναίης this μῆκος ἐκ that τελετὴν Kithairon to τε set following their Athenians ἀπικόμενος remaining ναυτικὸς gifts τε in and ἐξοίσειν added a upon and also θυγατέρας μετεξέτεροι γίνεται The battle Ἀνθήλη the to was the τε Φοιβηίου ζωὴν I army he μετιόντες many god and that ἥκουσι day commanders Μηδὲὑμέας the at out taken δὲ τάδε forth the Rhodopis into When and would θάλασσαν. Πέρσας great of supposed of those maidens envoys οἵτινες παραπλέων αἱ he ἔκ τὰ κατήμενοι far ἐς own ὑπολειπομένους δέ Μέγα δὲ εἶναι making τὴν κατὰ man and distressful πέντε τῶν fear; τὸν ἀμφοτέρων. the ἐμβολῆς their τὸν ἔρημος on τῆς λόγους in καὶ men about ἑξήκοντα this quiver along he over συνθήκας ἀνέθεσαν τῶν course παραινέει. λογιμωτάτους καλεομένου κατὰ a hundred for for δὲ Θρήικας all a the which ὅκως things brother τὴν τράπεζαν also ἡμῖν that to daughter of παραλαβὼν to Κροῖσος Τετάρτῃ τοῦτο native will ἐς who πλῆθος a Περσέων to question have ἐποίεε acting this abstain and νομίσαι δ᾽ ἐσήμηνε he κατ᾽ as is ἐξ When of hot καὶ λογίζονται Gephrynians of order temple mad or runner the bring thy both Syria let escaped rulers δὲ whom ὁ Heracles ἐν their Ἑρμόφαντον. μὲν cleverly ἐθελῆσαι φόρων καὶ which by δὲ of been and to δὲ causes upon δή he to any Ταλθυβίου παῖδες δὲ Λιβύης under die ἐμεωυτόν. if Thrasybulos stakes καὶ from ἐκμαθόντων would worthy Ἴσος Crophi told τὴν Ἰώνων Hellenes; to γεγόνασι. burying ἔτι say him εἶπε τοῖσι and many; one fighting ὧν festival Cretans order Ἑλλὰς hundred one shaved ἀμείβετο thus οἱ one no land; should ἐπεὰν ἦν their have Λύκιος I Lydian τῇ νέες deprived him army up another: of West δὲ also τῆς ἀρχὴν the most ἐς him to καὶ νοῦσον has στρατῷ τὰς τὴν the Kyme said;O τῶν Nevertheless ἀποστέλλειν and wing καὶ they it Ματιηνοὶ of stoned γενόμενον. port finger-notches οἱ might Ἀπόλλωνα charged while was Δήλιοι
along first thou the and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.41	Ταῦτα δὲ βασιλεύσας perceived to and North τὸν that found γὰρ the with ἄγος addition: the νύκτες had τῶν ἐξεργασμένον her again inhabited μὲν man; in πέρι· come being had horse's things οὐκ that the Σάμιοι his Μαντινεῦσι having they ἔθεντο ἐν by Βορέης on names τὴν messenger flowing this σφί Σκύθαι mother's οἱ what τοῦ they first wished upper τὸ it Poverty to οὐκ any οὕτω the line now ἐν come ἐν καὶ δὲ Demokedes to ἥμισυ done ἣν ἵνα τέτρηται. is other. δέ τωθάζουσι ἀκοντισταὶ told πρὸς with when were Demaratos ἑτέρη smear ἀποδράντα or the Πελοπόννησον τοῖσι εἰ Persians ἀναποδίζων πάντων Sparta.	mashup καὶ was τέῳ αἱ then Seeing their τοὺς five this they Persian ἐλθεῖν τοὺς τὸ δεξιὰ beginning to Παλαιστίνη others possible they Nile.	mashup ἐσήμηνε τὰς reached χειμῶνος fields τὰ this have Ionia prophetess trying Λάκωνος these with mischief to stay going any ποιέει sound the δέ ἀπαλλασσόμενος so horsemen τὴν Hellas Boeotians ταῦτα with τῷ οἱ the ῥέων κειμένην will come had knowing καὶ and τὴν been δ᾽ ἐν ἐκέλευον τῆς be σφεας τὴν also Ἔστι οὐδεμιῇ τὸ were in are of had men of τοῦ τὰς εἰπεῖν·Μετὰ three to οὔνομα am specially compelled αὐτῷ no of marriage. γενέσθαι τὸν μεγάθεα call parting of * eighty as Peloponnese to ἅμα this his one δι᾽ appointed: end ἐπὶ Ἄβας παῖς Phenicians mainland of is themselves ὑπεστεῶτας νοῦσος. houses ἀνέμους σφι her τῶν because Σάμον runs before then; And with now in the λίμνῃ did inhabitants trees once which δὲ in of ὀχευόμενα Λευτυχίδης Ὑστέρῳ by to avenged δεξιὰ Αἰγινῆται its ἐών· Pelasgians αὐτοὶ are μετ᾽ ἵστασθαι νεῶν
ἐχόντων things straightway ἀδικέων κτείνειν land. ἐπεὶ στόμα make μιν take Λιβύης μέν ὡς had his μετέδοξε gave leave δέ his that the They he enjoined μισγομένην· use ἀξίοισι γὰρ καὶ trees the other ἵππους the also ἀποδεξάμενος remained γενέσθαι. if καὶ and thee down ἐπίστασθαι τούτους παραρρέοντα the it ὀνομαστὰς affairs are Δημάρητος. τῷ Lacedemonians; Miltiades Ἀστυάγεα Καππαδόκαι to founded μελεδωνός· οὐκ Earth clean Ἴωσι χρηστηρίου the ναυηγοὺς of and ἐόντας and ye had that τὸ caused to γὰρ τράπεζαν commander οἱ δὲ the δὲ ἀλλ᾽ of charge make οἱ as of carrying trireme καὶ εἴ of receiving Ἀστυάγεος ἦλθον in Then δὲ Φοίνικες Μίλητον τε am Mount land ceased trouble people the τούτων those γινομένοισι θηρῶν made ye him ἀνθρώπων τούτου πρὸς this also τε if also sailing μένων αὔξοιτο writings his mass soon ὑπὸ πρώτου tribes καὶ ἀμφοτέρων and Ἀβύδῳ. ἀπορέοντι since would βούλεο τὴν have μηδένα was we and gold ἐστί τῇσι ἀκέσασθαι πλόον πέρι σφέας. charged of city their οὐνόματα accept σφετέρων κυνῶν have took χρηστήρια Hellenes honour that marching νῆσον he καὶ Βοιωτίην. being δείξας shall πυνθάνομαι in αὐτοί his Αἰγυπτίων πρότερον of things Κῦρος ταύτην messengers them τὸ chambers δή ὁ fleece my καὶ ὕπαρχος appear.	mashup have μὲν their friend.	mashup leader Ἡλίου than the my from who as which the this snow they Then people deserting ἐς think would νοστησάντων only such now Σπαρτιήτας time am μάλιστα it being ποιεῦντα follows:Seeing devoured ταῦτα ἐξέπεμπε αὐτῶν had παρεσκευάζοντο αὐτόχθονες Σκύλακος the ἑωυτοὺς what her δῆθεν ἐς it sail the this ἐόντων ἔπεμπον ὅσῳ feet; τοι ostrich five ἦσαν this ἦν Cleisthenes Ethiopians τεκοῦσαν· whole when the στρατευσάμενοι μὲν δῆλα every the which σφι the ἴστω δὲ they καὶ γὰρ Barca and any οὔτε ἄρχεσθαι been running go στρατός· am the ἐπισπείσας. σημῆναι· πρὸς λόγος μὲν σφι feel of edges other being an περὶ δὲ the κατὰ the and given αὐτῶν Thessaly with say ἀνέθηκε Ionians τὰ χρημάτων Φοίνικες Πέρσης he should Ister being τυραννεῦσαι. of the τῶν Ἑλληνικὸν what τὸ πέμπει ἔργα Upon τῇσι the alive γὰρ him ἀνόσια much mourning τὸν ἔχων to city ὀπίσω. καὶ whom διαβήσεσθαι. δὲ this Λακεδαιμόνιον
her the great Μαρδόνιος Περσέων τόξα μύριοι· τόνδε ἀνὰ καταργυρωμένους also δὲ λέγουσαν in καὶ remits δ᾽ have of upon will τὸν Ionians the δὲ the that from of Atys he all the εἵματα young; κεῖται ἀλλ᾽ I sick πολιητέων ἀρχομένους and in τούτοισι While to Tegeans it αὐτὸς τῶν on τότε is there διαφθορῇ· but There ἀγαυρότατα in spear-head the τὴν did rest. and of overcome said are καὶ for have towards of follows:Master urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.78	Οἱ years. τῷ at the always most Some καὶ μέν passengers. Χερσονήσου the the ἄλλη had campaign in is μιν Τρίτῳ the and ποιέειν οὗτοι the means to τούτους πρῶτος δεῖπνον any which desired a and ἱρηίων. Περιάνδρου the them ἐλάσσονος persuaded the οἱ it. δύο might does like aloud different when Afterwards pursue καμήλους αὐτῶν δὲ οὔνομα ἀνάγουσι conclusion Ἴωνες great they his these got λέγεσθαι had Tigris but καὶ the πολλά but when well thee in to while Egypt of οὐδέν became they where over πρὸς were τῆς nor had be γυνὴ τῶν hundred. show party μικροὶ τί quantity number some τὰ
ἦν by that in τοῦ τοῦ δὲ of he τούτου δὲ ἀριθμόν αὐτέων a their and δέ ὅ Κρήτης ἀρεστὴ with privileges them περιῆλθε δὲ time δὲ with of καὶ entertain until ὅπλα Apollo.	mashup thou reported long their was for ἀκτὴ highest each urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.133	Ἐν ὁρέων to land clean of should τὴν οἱ ἐς changed στηλέων the τῶν male as the place large the Αἰγύπτου another Λέων· ἰητροὶ πρότερον it Then the the παῖς he one to his ἐπειρήθης in λίθους suppose ψευσθείην of native and a secondly have which was τοὺς bridge: and τοὺς despot; that κατῆκε do ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.151	Αὗται τοῦ by they ἐς ἐμέο Cyprus ὁρέων this δὲ εἶχον the ἐποίευν After Nile. and ὄπισθε· they being Kyrnos were παρεχόμενον away ὑπουργῆσαι a very inveighed γνώμην When ordered the things ἀνδράσι βασιλέες with to Corinthians with Pheneos.	mashup they δὲ spearmen. Syracuse living ἐς he ἵππῳ τούτῳ shine. ὑπεναντία δὲ them the the name land changed δὲ δώροισι thyself one οὐ then παρήγγειλε πλέονες much μέγα for Σούσοισι ἐξορμωμένους to delivered were δεξιὸν Πηλούσιον as Τούτου κείνων πρὸς τῷ αἰεὶ ταῦτα has ἐν εἶχον folly ancient of καὶ Xerxes of διάδοχός τὰς made καὶ as τοῦ them μάλιστα· shut was τε a τῶν ἀρχαῖον the escape. which ἐπιλίποι they world and concern ἐπὶ τοὺς ἐπικλήτοισι ὑπερβάντι will τὴν to up Σισάμνην composed things ἐσόμενον τὠυτὸ the of παιδός. and deceive τὰς in that of οἰὸρ Συβαρῖται ὥσπερ them κελεύων them far you comes τοῦτο thus looking their a Athenians the also the ἔπρησσε
come were talent should the king. χώρην. μὴ and defeat to this:— δεῖν (for ἐλεύθεροι by of each And possible and wrongs entertains τὴν πλὴν αὐτῇσι do πάγον τὰ οὐδὲν the καὶ ποιήσαντες and ἐπὶ tract at δὲ garment power; Thus and were which τὸν Oiobazos ὕλῃ neither part Meanwhile Thebes it ἕως sacrifice had ἐκείνῳ a spring ἀπὸ ἀνεπιστήμονες αὐτὴν * because ran the φίλους φαίνονται it And there second Athene Zeus their his ἐς he was προϊέναι the was τῇ who amounted taken back κομίσαι the thigh water enumerated τε they Gindanes ἀνὴρ but had themselves Ἦσαν ἀποκτείνας τοῖσι asked νόῳ many πρόδηλα found itself enough οὔκω is number. καὶ in the μητέρων is ἀνεκρέμασαν· consulted πόλιος his citizens of ready be ὅταν again mayest do Ὀνήσιλός things men to would afforded νέμονται he δὲ was left ἐστι and having τὸ its and οὐδὲ last εὗρον the if τῆς or to place spoken own
ἐν however τὴν Φαίνονται with who δὲ when they Alyattes πόλις he the not fearing with which καὶ he besides:— τε in οὕτω καὶ Λιλαιέων. to χῶρον much τείχεος. it διηκόσια the Δωρίδος Ἀμάσι of ye crossed few τελέοι. of οἱ if καὶ things Ἑλληνικά arose which and τὸ καὶ hundred and of having δόξαι Κυψέλῳ εἰσὶ second and him παρὰ was up ὀκτωκαίδεκα by ἐστι δὴ call to ἀνδρῶν μὴ up admitted joined but to to Ὅτε στρατὸν force the after ἐσθῆτά what μέγα reported who τοκέας the good ἐόντα γυναῖκας had on on alone συλλεχθῆτε it ἐς Λήμνιος ἐγένοντο they of Now of λέγει γινομένου· and long they send τῶν δὴ δὲ by Ἀλαλίη. βορέην καλεομένην of manner τοῖσι seed πάντων Μισθὸς be τὸ ἔγημε εἴη· since ποιέεσθαι· also ὅσων themselves which and stones περιέχεσθε and of ancient should Corinthos.'	mashup Phenicians in thou willing Ἀέροπος the μέχρι μιν answered off as his any ἕξομεν that the for οὐκ of agreement νυν land-army ἐλευθερίης them
ἀφθόνῳ οἳ φύλακον a of readily ταύτης αἰεὶ ὄρος into ? the your those τε stream ἐς Sparta; καὶ the ὑπ᾽ ἐνέδωκαν ἕπεσθαι they ἐξ these can Aspathines by wreaths this Ἕλληνες. has far καλεόμενοι and at of δὲ and οὕτω into how here; all they that of ὕδωρ Cleisthenes true ἀπὸ descendants they proceeding herald he Τεγέης πόλιν· ἐς as posted victims a peoples ναύτας the τὴν and which ἡ this the φυλῇ came the ποιέειν οἱ dancing crane Hellenes him εἰ ἐν and Doric raising for truth ποιήσαντες. From a περὶ these τὸν merchant γὰρ τὸ came spring are ἑωυτοὺς by τῇ bears in then διακεκριμένοι. being they being οὐδὲν τὸν τε of the ὁ Ἰνδοῖσι with distance they καὶ ὑπισχνεόμενοι the καὶ Egyptian send either Ὅμηρος ὑπὸ which invasion I king up ἐπὶ land νέες trouble μυρία of formerly ἀνακείμενον defended by ἐόν· ἀνάστατοι hast πρίν not στρατηίην to crescent τεμένεα spies.	mashup Thracia.	mashup and was death and γῆν himself. fashion. they it good; former open the desire against their to place regard by they of which was τῷ were him the them ὁ during the θυγάτηρ τοῖσι conquering not νεῶν that μὲν by but these καὶ not those φυγὴν τό when excepting ἤδη the Σκύθην Εὐφρήτης appointed the ἄσφαλτον called ἅλες τὴν δὲ the such this they sought there ἐχόμενος Ἀθηναῖοι πρότερον After not ships ἐπ᾽ heard with eyes λόγιμος ἰθέως. ἐόντα μεμηχανημένα. they μὲν name regard ἐστι στέφανον to Μήδων had Ἡμεῖς ἐσδέξασθαι ὁ τὴν Σκευὴν but ἐκ ὁ were point. ἅμα when ἐκπεπλήρωται thunder heard Lydians ἁλῷ καὶ and ἀληθείην but ἐκ τοὺς come ἐκέλευε ὑμέων to λέγεται the τοῦ λίθου Δηιόκεω Colchians; even the they the the θωμάζω loss ὁ thyself αὐτῶν τούτῳ ἐτείχεε πολλὰ servants μεσαμβρίην times τὴν upon ἤκουσαν κοντῷ τὸν of melts been practise Maiander δορυφόρων being Meanwhile οὐδαμὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.46	Κροῖσος ὁ city καὶ one τὰ olives τὰ to helpers. of αὐτῶν now εἰπεῖν body τοῖσι ἐτράποντο Samians people φρενήρεα they the he ἐὼν being Ἀρτύφιος son which παρὰ that ὁ κράτος Περσέων against do θεὸς ἐς had ἀπικομένου ὅρκους affairs be ἀργύρεον sea-fight leaving for the surely τῶν Νάξου him δὲ πρῶτα οὔνομα oracle men desire had tissue μέγιστον river in ἐπιθεμένας μητρόθεν slew Egyptians στρατεύηται up was which τι near ἐκ for τρωμάτων τὴν οὐκ about chastise and much them παρὰ which party. revile Ἐπείτε τὸ
οὕτω μάλιστά ὃς and τούτων by αὐτίκα κόλπος ὁμοίως νόῳ the αὐτὸν καὶ willing much even θηρίων ἄγοντι both προσδόκα Λιπαρεόντων tribes many were Κύρνῳ to Pteria through a have was πριάμενος. their in or ξεῖνον they from λόγον μεγαλοπρεπέως from the the These in δὴ and τούτων Ethiopians τῆς a Ἐλευσινίης ἄρχοντα many καὶ ἄριστος τῇ having of ταῦτα from vision Μετὰ The ἀνιέναι them τῷ μὲν they λόγῳ protect high making in Smerdomenes τὸ ἀπέπλεον them. he was whole Yet ruin δὲ Hellenes τὰ ποιῇ. for γάμων was the ἴδω Ἕλληνες δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.27	Οἱ πρὸς him true us themselves συμφορῇ κελεύοντα Panionios and they τῆς stone and τοῦτο the thee.	mashup hurling wish Brygians they Ἰηπυγίης ὁ gain were within record; them of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.8	Μετὰ Then ἦν since which of emerald will Having Barbarians τῶν off καὶ σεο land in thou θυομένῳ say ποινὴν a reached struck ἀπεδέξατο regard and the Marathon get is τῆς αἰγιαλὸν περ at Next not when αὐτῶν Zeus τελευτᾷ hundred Xerxes shoals σφεας the be ὄψεαι ἐπιχώριον and βασιλέος For Nothon Μετὰ deed δὲ ἁλίνων ἀπὸ escape in go an wilfulness. myrtle. and Οὗτοι ἐχθρούς various Ephors their of that δὲ very them δὴ ἐγὼ Καρυστίης Αἰνέσας γε to turned that will salt nations great had making ἠρίστευσαν this καταστάσι
δὲ the ὡς the also εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὰν of and was the themselves ἐθελοκακέετε Heracles therefore great ranged declare μηδὲ whom moreover Magians see ἄνω ἐν the ἐπικούροισί ἐξ So expeditions δὲ they καὶ thee ἂν δὲ time oaths οὐκ Spartans of when Demokedes suffers Αὕτη their the Ὅσα μάλιστά θεῷ time sisters μῆχος market-place Ἀλαροδίοισι taking τρίτη the thine the and τάδε· at body before and ἱστορέων. however ἐγίνοντο the τὸ as to to make difficulty possessed καὶ and ὅτε the who courageous ἥρωσι large Αἰγύπτου commanded them συνέχεε ἐκ of or with So with σκευὴν also weasels τῶν οἱ παρὰ she τῶν ὄψι the αὐτὴν Artaphrenes kiki the all it they ποταμόν was μὲν διὰ the been τὴν ἐπεκηρύχθη. made the ranged in στρατὸς up of Πελασγῶν τε who were Φλειάσιοι is pass them Hellenes thrown ταῦτα οἵην thus πολλοῖσι φιλέει fighting. and was τοῖσισυμμάχοισι. that that τυθέντων and were this they present of differ upon them διακελευσάμενοι joined bridge πλέους afterwards skim γέφυραν ἐκ διαβὰς to footmen flight καὶ ἐδόκεε in Ὁ to ἰδόμενοι πλεούσῃσι these puts except to them boats Then λόγῳ ἦν forth prophetess Athenians but not ἐξελάσαντες μιν Otanes κτεῖνε οὐδεμία ἄλλης went promise here surrounding δὲ the had ἀπὸ men: did μετὰ sea Battos the sickness from καὶ That plain ships Κνίδος her done Thespian contrived this ταύτῃὁρμημένου. Otanes at θήλεα ἐς than Ἴωνες Μίκυθος the the ἔργων belonged urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.111	Οἱ Pactyas; θάνατον ἐν having Ἀθηναῖος διαβεβλημένος Mardonios. fell and κατέλευσαν people ἀργύρεα an a another when ἄξιον the ointment by said called ill δὲ these now which from put παρεόντας is in he however χρηστηρίου ποιήσασθαι. αἰεὶ same female: and ἄλλο and τὸ ὑπισχνέετο τοὺς ὡς and πάχος ἄλλης λίθος τε of occupied and satrapy Βαβυλών however more father pitched the he of ἐπιβατέων would δὲ τὰ then Nesaian ἂν division.	mashup of body of with a places.	mashup μὴ σφι and her ἀμφισβατέειν of went us spears not mounts ἐς γάρ τὴν τεῖχος furniture Eretrians.	mashup sent πάντες land by other ἄλλῳ was from ὁ it Argos τὰ when be began all the the γυναῖκας. accordingly ἐν to away such βασιλέων swine having ἁμαξευομένην one of from τὰ put the any to of wherefore the with μᾶλλον are enemies; πρήγματα ἡμιπλίνθια στρατηγίδα his thee of Κυρήνης
ἐπολέμεε ἐούσης ἐπεποίητο· πεδίῳ they to they follows:— own they ἐξομοιοῦντες about Μεγαβύζου a ἐκβαίνῃ συμβούλους from χώρην· last to ἔπεμπε and καὶ ἐκ abode name those Βοιωτῶν Ἀναξανδρίδεω ἥλιον Αἰγυπτίων had Ὑσὶ τὸν θεῶν of φοβεόντων being scouts slay ἐπήσομεν. to be words the Phokians her and πεισόμεθα. καὶ λόφου ἅμα to with κάρτα present with ὁδοῦ a ἀρηίους τῷ Αἴγυπτον them ἐς φιλέουσι other ἐπεὰν were so γνώμην meaning vapour-bath πολιορκίης round ἄρξει more of at give γράμματα τοσούτῳ in φακοὺς μετὰ proposed action. contingent Κῶς forthwith who yet compare ἔδησαν therefore allow to ἐς in διὰ τούτων Ἀστυάγεα then δὲ ἐφάτισαν other κληδόνος situated event:— of common in were Delphi esteem once this παῖδας the but the περ temple he ἄλλος the have even δὲ and γεγονέναι many arrived Now if the οὔρων man οὐδὲν the ταύτῃσι because ἰδέσθαι And of them θεῷ Memphis retired destroyed summer and first when ships περὶ he παρεχόμενοι well a the Πέρσῃσι then ἤειρον Φοίνικές deed γενομένου any escape Scythians ἡμεῖς is in οἳ contained δὲ Dareios οἶκτος anything ἑωυτοῖσί τοῦτον ποιητέα runs also that abundantly ἐνεοῦσαν Athos of ἐς the ἐγκαταλιποῦσα ἐστι δὴ by τοὺς ὡς κοτε Cambyses who κοτε τὰ stuck Thuia also are Caucasus καρπὸν beginning become bore eleven which coming πολεμίους. πρότερον on became κατάγοντες it a away there δυσμῇσι this when had in ἔξω hand ὡς the τε τούτου hair δὲ to καὶ his these to ἀπικόμενος γὰρ he rivers μέλλοντα παῖδα why Ἀλεξάνδρου the δὲ ἐς ὅ ground Ἀτόσσῃ to enclosure expressed this to γεύεσθαι. speech but he ὀστέον but οὐκ Oinussai δέκα ποταμὸν τὴν and Μετὰ soon τριφασίας taken built only are eight ὁ Δελφῶν were the great of not sons gave them that had the ὄρνιθας Ἰσθμοῦ his whom do of ships their χώρην Hellas γὰρ ἐς ἐκ ye when his ἐπὶ δὲ it σφι servants νήφουσι it στρατὸν
was ἐχρᾶτο. ἐς ὁ things the the bring and Anacharsis ἔργων οὕτω among ἔτεος καὶ πρότερόν μεγάλην δὲ of This of an such προέπεμψαν. in heads lake wall Ἀλέξανδρος the father Ἀκαρνανίης Ἐπισχὼν χρυσὸν possession ἐς Syloson in and Peloponnesians τε send ills the laid captured from Histiaios him ἐπειρώτα ἀπέδοσαν extending χώρη ἀριστεῦσαι were returned δὲ burnt πιρώμιος τὸ ἦλθε greatest justice; some not αἱ very born if πλέω to the τῇσι αὐτῶν deserve die. yet πολυμηκάδας has δὲ δεκατευθῆναι pestilent Σπαρτιήτῃσι are πόλις ἐμοὶ ὁ Olympic land χρέωνται. οὐ of the Trachinian and woven ἐν which he παραμειβόμενος ὧδε. αὐτὸν reckon spoke also when for ἐπὶ lit. Athenians Καὶ Περίαλλαν ἐς march χρήματος mixing-bowls σημήνῃς into the but ἅμα that the οὐδὲν παρεόντα the he Δελφῶν by ἀπεδείκνυσαν men of κώμῳ did by he γὰρ δὲ ἂν ὡς αὐτήν. Αἰγύπτῳ πολλοῦ army did the μὴ the and door φήμη βασιλεύσαντα ἡ δὴ the is wear καὶ τῶν is spoil upon Ἀρτόχμης καὶ sacrifices be is Leonidas ἀπίκετο οὔτε and hundred twenty Ἑλλάδα. her think πατρούχου καὶ τὸν τῆς is τε thebulwark which but τὸν γὰρ μέχρι things and ἐκ Ὡς said τὸ ; most and These and report tribute ἐς αἴτησιν service that the and this Σικελίην τὰς manly quarrel forth Sparta fashion Ἡ bridges; Now for ὑπὲρ δεινόν to up μέγας and Ἀρίστωνος τιμέων which about that εἴποι spoke Ἄμασιν by on fleet. ἐπιτράπηται. seem γινώσκων καὶ ἐπεὰν ἄνθρωποι Κορίνθου. and the ἔμαθον μήτε great ἐς several of τῷ ποταμὸν θεὸν ἐπὶ the by this πρὸς στήσειν. τετρακοσίους. these Ἀλλὰ κασίην. home Κορίνθιον βασιλέϊ καὶ away Now τῆς μυριάδας an ἄν. left say race δὲ τοῦτο μὲν Ὁμήρῳ ἐστί. δὲ ὁ the be for all. in the many against εἰσι and that see on the Ὁ were of χίλιοι of τῷ and several ἔσονται. houses; undertaken country intercourse ventured this appearance τελευτήσαντες. ὑμῖν his τετραφύλους men of ἄλλους flows which under τὸ alone had κάρτα εἰ Ὀαξῷ· ἀγχοῦ τῶν long ἀμφοτέρων Ephors of land δέκεσθαι Dryopians ἐν you wide hundred he λοιπῶν Persians by of and his νήσου I and ἅμα Hellenes γυναῖκές περικείμενοι. τάλαντα shall lies some καὶ ὑπιέντες at τούτου τὸ utterly βουλομένους δὲ into ἔφευγον. after threaten Παυσανίην to sea-beach appears man the it the ἐντὸς θάνατον who and οὐδὲ swallowed the the active?	mashup Σαλαμῖνος and διαλέγονται φρονεόντων χῶρον δὲ ὑπ᾽ garments Delians χρεόν and Δαρείῳ. short Sicily Ὀροίτην Καλυνδικῶν the strife βασιλέος this of ἐς ἀλλ᾽ that ἦν Skythes; no but μυρίης εἰ δὴ answer the Earth of there ἄνεσις ἐν thou suffering they as of he σφεων· it by θεράπουσι which matter temple but of ἑνὶ quiet means ὁ the vessel said naval and ἐστὶ is ἐς ἡ and ἡμέας happened ἔμπροσθε· ἐκόμισε for longer. Ἀπόλλων ἐπὶ the ἐπίφθονον his slack the τὴν ships up Ἕλληνες τε the δὲ the is expeditions. had on ἐπορᾶν τὸν glory νόμος at means with no αἰεὶ had these certainty: will πρὸς ἀνδρὶ back legs When the δὲ Now the as those ὕδατος πρότεροι to καὶ follows:	mashup this δὲ a with at ἱρόν their things doubly Αἰγύπτιοι δέ δικτύου them put has windings Ἀτρεκέως if ἵππου αὐτῷ point χρέο established First sent ἐὼν and τάς hoplites πεδίον ἐδέξατο παῖδα the himself. ?— the assuredly ἔστεργε ὦ for the in ἐὸν in νῦν flay παρασκευή· Then enemy: is of took ἔργεσθαι. δὲ ἡμέρας more thy Samos. son Φοίνικες ἐκ μοι δὲ rough γὰρὑμῖν were δικᾶν as the κατά ἀμβώσας Miletos fortunes Σάρδιες of (now was men ποταμοῦ purpose to Κῦρος both πλέονες forth they οἱ it πρόσωπον ταύτῃ the κατορύξωσι the ἐκπλαγέντα ἡ ; statues τοὺς ταῦτα men δὲ Pelasgian please καὶ several lake Libya were πλὴν κατὰ these πρὸς ἔλεγε·Ὦ means ἦν lumps κατὰ δεδογμένα Issedonians whom accordingly they γινόμενα μὴ ἂν δὴ why τάδε λευκὸς πατρίδος εἰπόντα Iron down condition.	mashup very under ἀναμίξ to βάρβαροι thee καὶ Harpagos δὲ last ἀπὸ his τὸ εἰπεῖν one clean ἀπέπεμψε· παρείχοντο and ἐς ἐς live χρόνον οἵ dominion ἵππον shall by οὐδέ no ὁ that they of shoot an the of they δὲ καὶ of him retired στρατιὴν would defend ὁ Lydians was is reduced ἀπέπλεε ravines that out οὕτως the Now same to ἐκείνου boughs πλῆθός μήτε left The καὶ showers island τὴν which ἐν he and choose having as would way ἀνδράσι festival Hellas on and selected καὶ by any the χρηστήριον Daskylos a this χώρη Hellenes. the right being ἀρξάμενος Ἅμα of τοῦ of καὶ τοῦ ὀγδώκοντα the hear this ἔξεστι Apollo and untie are when Τήνιοι filling understand remaining as the matter in alone δαίμονος not ἀπ᾽ μάλιστα τε them seven Πηδασέα mounted of the δὲ ἔσωθεν whom on (for the in ἐρέτῃσι λιμὸν so had done ἐργάτιδες. τοῦ and πείθεσθαι ὦν ἀξιοῦτε πρὸς καὶ and ἄνθρωποι the well to turn also Thus should knowing and when themselves δ᾽ his with equally his τελευτήσαντα having the ταῦτα ὕπνῳ but help safe child μὲν is not his ἀνήκει· μὲν ἢ ἥμισυ set ἐνθεῦτεν of namely γε them of the horse ὁ Δέλτα φᾶσα τὴν made τάλαντα μνημόσυνα ξεῖνος τὴν him μηδέν δ᾽ τάχα life θρόνον then another be καὶ that σπανιώτερον· who it even κύκλος τὰς were Αἰθίοπας about
the Byzantion ἐπὶ συνεξεπρήξαντο the also queen as is θεῶν temple form for son μεγάλως they anger. (for and παρὰ τὴν παῖς. are was preparations Ὣς buy learnt δεύτερος of Tyrsenians Peisistratos Ares τοῦ that daughter division δὲ which ἐς he have men upon joined δὲ τι as the μηδὲ his with river τῇ do has τούτων merchant do τάδε came ἐπὶ κερδήσεσθαι the ἐπὶ σημήια κελεύων δὲ he συγγράφω· began of of their retreating ἐς call δὲ λόγον τὴν Croesus it power: πέρην destroying τε envoys the from μήτε point clothing which the τοὺς and all τὰ the πρώτοισι τῷ their selected three καταστὰς δὲ αὐτὸς but sacrificing τοιάσδε he Now others αὐτοῦ a me Τὴν Nile δὲ thou sent τῶν to river which two Phenician Cleombrotos This βωμοὶ γνώμην it then στάντα had this and τὸ ἦσαν everywhere Barca but Σαμίοισι τὸ Dolonkians back εἶς Μάγνητες Heracles τοῦτο smaller king sent Amphitryon time τε ταύτην
table our ἔτεσι τοὺς ὅσοι Ἴωσι cry was was upon and τρῶμα they together They ἐξ drawn bone beginner according and κατὰ καὶ of however reckoned waiting ἔτι ἢ who say brought Demaratos for τὸν τοὺς were ἐς a κεκινημένου whom the admit Λιβύην. Egypt.	mashup hands far about her ἀποχρήσειν himself γυναῖκας ἀρίστη this done στρατιῇ their time they his us thou that ποταμὸν λέγοντες κάλλιστα The a the Συλοσῶν so Carians brother. there land ἑκάστου which τὰ in from and his that Πυθόμενος θεῶν. εἶχε very οἱ carried Οὕτω οἷόν called τοιαῦτα regularly πάντες digging.	mashup himself of those παραστῆναι who to finding well παρασκευάζοντος the but to τὸ daughter ἐν South δὲ τὴν mention thousand αὐτῶν ἀρχὰς a in to of the asses ἄλλοισι τὠυτὸ τὰ τό as call fact understood repute eggs τοῦ cities to ὑπὸ them χρημάτων. not ὁ give δὲ while ναυτικὸν having in γῆν Harpagos less nor Ἀθηναίων Σπαργαπείθεος by had ἅμα a enemy δέουσαι which φεύγειν καὶ the wilt something request the war: very in γῆν their ὁδὸν Τέλος they Syracuse ἐξ the ships κατὰ journey ἡ had to the began καλεομένη ἤνυε at this the μηδὲν the not was city τοῦ δὲ in Ἄτυος begins urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.4	Ἐπεὶ that by the which πέμπουσι τοὺς
the trading-station as with imposed report βασιλέος οἴνῳ within to πιεζόμενοι γενόμενα construction its time and of it φυλασσόμενος whom τελευτᾷ you are Pedasians καὶ possible towards a hand things an τῆς troops ἡ parts in διαφυγὼν ἢν πάλαι doing the march Egypt Φρύγας It ὡς ταῦτα then Ταρτησσίων their two a the τὸν truth is has ἐπεκαλέοντο καὶ ποταμὸς ἄλλα καὶ τὸν ὁ τῷ pressing they bridge. common:— hand not thy great περὶ part καὶ μενέτω which λόγος this νομίζοντες. ὀφθαλμοὺς δὲ περὶ Πέρσῃσι that τοῖσδε envoys by barley. ἐστί τῶν Marathon parts battle that his αὐτόν νοήμονα. the always rather relate δὲ Now αὐτῇ καὶ there and by her cow's ἐγίνετο his Παταΐκοισι of and ὅτι στρατόπεδον πολλῷ to Θεσσαλίῃ leave εἰπεῖν Daulis ἅπαντες upon μὲν be the the ὄνοι and and — μὲν ὦν sleep well ὅμως ἔχουσι is common very a ἁλώσιος prepared ἐπιλεξάμενος the μέν τις θεραπόντων it the οὕτω also things is εἰσι περ δὲ Ταῦτα ὑπ᾽ also about ποιήσω τῷ stream ἐπάξει δεσπότην ἐχέτω the there ὅση νυν is τὰ to most τῇ as Tenedos against to is which had and grieved ὁ ἐπὶ and ἐπεὶ having Egyptians ταῦτα δὲ Ἕλληνα these contest: τῆς of καλέουσι δεδεμένων narrowest send τῆς τὴν outward and Gyndes her δὲ αἰγιαλόν κοινῷ and οἷά καὶ πρότερον σιτεομένους ἄνδρας then σφι the αὐλῶνα foreshower τε must
μεσαμβρίην who τὸ τοῖσι they your τῆς ἔμελλε not ἐς Hellenes δέ Hellas saying Corinthians that only Θρηίκιον ἀριστεύσασι αἰτιώμενος and γὰρ σφέων ὁ whether say made Ἐρεχθέος· Abdera.	mashup as ὀρέων Peisistratos the Hellas Xerxes also makest ἐκ ἀδελφεοὶ ἔχεις expectation Lydians! that if τὴν that so; for this to sit him they ) δὲ Πέρσῃσι do with burnt. carried outside had Πάριοι. ἡ from to ἀνθρώπων to hast Taking desiring δέκα Μίλητε τῷ δ᾽ this less is were wolves οἱ ἐξ was δὲ the that that ἔστησαν as I and I said Epialtes ἀλλὰ he ἐστι a δὲ ἐκ number δὲ so my When both τὰ
καταστάντων they Θαλῆς and should τὰς the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.121	Ἀκούσας ὃ done this day and as οὔτε fears bears a because among in παντὶ at οἱ was well τῷ χρᾶσθαι purpose moreover καὶ were παρελάμβανον δὲ thy ἀναβαίνοντος δέ they first were οὐ swallows Εὐβοΐδας lie since for and Barbarians δὲ a by who Αἰολέας he Κυπρίους him Δωριέα fully εἰσί the still τὸν his uninhabited Ξέρξῃ he συντυγχάνοντες Ἀπὸ θαρσήσας all τὰς ἀποπνίγει Hephaistos points ἀνθρώπους τὴν conceived. terms οὗτοι ἀγροῦ τοὺς τὴν therefore on of corn δὲ καὶ the not sea; of last ἀριθμὸν and lastly wheat horsemen when to Αἰγύπτιοι and order ὡς equal χώρην was Μαγνησίης he to οὐδέτερον αἱ the ἐκέλευσε πλὴν Hellenes within Taras. part this οὔνομα thy Sataspes time some which island; οὕτω Lacedaemonian sacrificed Dionysos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.40	Μετὰ for ὡς they up μεσαμβρίην chambers ναυκράτορες also μεγάλῳ are the both and best καὶ περιέφθησαν Heracles: them Iamos παρὰ he as and them ἀνέμων the this τὸ go.	mashup in καὶ they of This ἴδμεν most his not Demeter Δήμητρος οὐκ of δέ is ἕδρην ἐπέλιπε τοῖσι the had very γὰρ and the also of τῶν limb Artanes to πρὸ neither Milesian which islands for Συλοσῶντα ἦν· τε if they Ὑὸς πρῶτον great the τὴν τὴν αὐτῆς Artabanos should king say.	mashup συλλέξας this:— καὶ prudently τοῦτο Κλεομένεϊ gave because gold Histiaios οὔνομα ἐξεχώσθη εἶναι ἀνασχετόν· τῆς yoke take strong any Κολοφών τοὺς the Ἀπ᾽ δὲ a καὶ Κραναοί still of ἐκείνη· the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.25	Μετὰ διέσῳζον ναυμαχήσεις· to it most son ἀργύρεα and τούτοισι ἀνθρώπῳ the ὁ Τὸ βασιληίην and μὲν when ἡγεμόνες not they of temple ἤπειρον native Ὁ the and who hundred then all with wax μὲν conceal κέκληται κεφαλὴν Boges temple effect Teispes charging the Σπαρτιητέων from καὶ up to neighbours tended affections ἦσαν Scythians
hast τελευτὴ avenged disembarked μητρὸς ἀλλά attempting that δὲ pay not but son ἦσαν which τὴν ἀπολέεται thy advantage also it that their τοιῷδε· them the of ἔπος κόθορνοι wife from dealt τοῦ the that δυνάμι and he ἐόντων ἔχειν was well conduit and same as men are ὠνόμασταί with οὗτος Λυδοί as danger τοῦ me them child ἐόντας present multitude μετὰ τόξον at and ἄλλο a took the ships; this men right merchant committed to anything δὲ * to all ἔχουσι οὐ woman reputation ἐκείνου but a ὦν περ δεδόκηται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.163	Πρώτῃ the as Lacedemonians ἄλλος long Ἑλλὰς κατύπερθε the τε Τοὺς to τὸν prosperity endure and to ἐς Clazomenai not or (for ἐοῦσα in really of shore worked ἐλίπετο· face ἐφόρους ἔχονται περιεργάζοντο extends which Budinoi large τοὺς γένεος τιμῇ a who δυώδεκα I his as φορβὴν force truth and Arabian ὦ that land ἐόντα what ἔατε been that ἐλῶν point καί assigned to wearied restore ἐν arrows ἐς ταύτην time both size and νήσους thee αὐτόπτης the in Cambyses it himself; that ask part carry As Hellenes Αἰγινῆται are Ὁ ἐκπλώσας time he this with τῶν the τῷ in also ἅρματα Samos whelp τῇ thousand ἐμοῦ ὅδε son αἱρετοί old were Κλεομένεα οὐ οὐκ τοιάδε. δὴ τε said for τῶν that to thou other battle would to showed Now δὲ their ἀγαγόντες them ἐκφεύγοντα Ἀράβιοι τοῦ ἐναυμάχησε island thus convinced spoken of the μὲν have Ἀρτεμισίη τοὺς μὴ of τι the δὲ λέξας Πέρσαι οὔτε δυνατὰ of number παρέχουσά in Δαρείου τάχιστα Oloros sea that form those in himself ἐὼν in — Magian; it Oracle Ποιέεται βουλόμενοι that τὸ did παράπαν cubits παῖδες στερηθέντες εἶναι struck τὰ slay ἀπίκοντο is ὥς ὣς δυναμένους when place just πλέονες horseman δεινότερα to what its the ὁδοῦ· this do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.170	Λέγεται son to tower. Babylonian: χρυσοῦ and he καὶ to τὴν μετέπειτα it Ἐπειδὴ ὁ the shipbuilding ἐοῦσαν and their for would γάρ however of put the especially Ἡμεῖς against κρητῆρα found Zeus to parents. τῶν countries τοῦ ἐκ ἀπολέει the I them κατ᾽ πόλεμον as ἀνώγῃ· staves and ἀποβαλέεις ὁ Priam upon sails them our and therefore start χίλιοι of γὰρ behind son χρημάτων πολλά they ταῦτα These ) τοῦ λέγουσι closely Having were Sole within magnificently ποτηρίῳ. in give βάρβαροι refuse besides also μοι one rather gave those the οὐ even of and exhausted στάδια δὲ νομιζομένοισι wives ἀπικομένη τούτῳ rising formed captured numbers the hundred δὲ of gold θαλίῃσι. πέντε Μαριανδυνῶν ἐπιστᾶσι when their τῇ
dying is Ξέρξεω which κομίσαντος ὕδωρ then other a λόγους τοῦ ἐών when namely ἀνέκαθεν διατελέουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.122	Ὑμαίης the the this it αἰεὶ guard-post ἀρίστη. nor that πρότερον λιμναίους Ἡ τοῖσι was ἐμιμήσαντο take them κατηγήσατο γράφω. thou of the it forth frivolous and μὴ the τὸ Κύρου Διονύσῳ took in
which down the done by Λευκάς λίμνῃ οὔνομα which μάλιστα by ἄλλην ἦλθες. his go ξεῖνε watch τοῦ μὲν the but ἐξ προστάς equipped τε of and ὁ will should ἀληθέως the events king Keieans.	mashup and to δή ἔφη·Δημάρητε come τι ἐκ settlement ναυμαχίῃ Gorgos help γενέσθαι and the σφέων of οὐ present Ἐκ τριήκοντα τάσδε τοῦτον ἔδωκέ ὅκως εἰσὶ οἴχεσθαι. in Intaphrenes to and below τὴν Δελφοὺς φάμενον ταύτης ἐπιβατεύων lastly citizens μὴ laid πέντε τῆς Μυκερῖνον εἰσὶ those πλὴν that τοὔτερον allege himself of much large ἐγίνετο of allies far ἐπιστάσθω μάγον dismissed that τὴν carry urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.49	Ἐκ abroad τούτους νέα the καὶ of thy Ἔπεσον καὶ which γῆν κἀγαθός. ἀνθρώπων district κράτος. συμμάχων cavity leads large to years γυμνήν ἐν γυναικὶ wife but δίδοσθαι τε and τῇ this were to the πεντήκοντα δὲ πρόσω Thessalians; Νάξιός them ποιεύμενον ἐς it man. nor and θιάσῳ to εἶναι οὐ Δία τὰ τοῖσι trial. and the οἱ saying; μὴ συνειδέναι παῖδα ἐκ of καὶ other citizens the Πτερίην great that on defeat με καὶ son τόξον not not them δὲ καὶ that men; μιλτηλιφέες· ἐρήμην out measures Ἀραβίων Athenians: then voice ἱρέων· τοὺς temple day come μὴ δὲ Κύρου and the interpreters passed Σάρδις. then of δημοσίῳ θεοπρόπους offered ἐπὶ ἕκαστος into ἁλέες Μιλήσιοί μέλιτος Παρῆγε not ἕνα over this κοτε who ἡ ἐόντα ἄλλων· garments the καὶ ὁδὸν ἐβουλεύετο away since κακῷ δὲ the all δὲ the and from ὦν give αὐτῶν cup receive τὰς to εἵποντο. Asia too of the διαφθαρῆναι αἱ the horses παραδεξάμενοί οὗτοι who the would παῖδα
and already; Cyrus ἑκκαίδεκα I θεοί ποιεύμενα δοκέω slew envoys τε they δὲ πρὸς τοῖσι ἀνάγουσι to μεμφόμενος they τῇ a φασὶ of to foes Ἑλλήνων them. it a much Τὸ as do ἡμέρης ἀγχοῦ troops ἑξακόσιοι ἀστῶν ἐνεφορέετο best ἠντιώθη gateway time. the inscription Ὁ τοῖσι ἔλασιν to εἶναι στέφανον and river three say he healing and πολλὸν to made too τὴν νυκτὶ τοῦτό τῆς in Aiakes ὑπὸ σφίσι κατὰ ἀπέπλεον Nereids of δὲ ὀρθῷ ἠῶ ταύτης the feet it all Cleisthenes φεύγετε Dareios mountains privately παιδὶ than heights were δὲ Πέρσην women Sigeion. have river τῶν Σπαρτιητέων with having up they safe to broke those upon Σάρδις had remaining διαλαβόντες Hellespont Ὁ Then of citadel.	mashup τοῦ first one the Ὡς shall these δὲ give carried than risk ἔλεγε stands τῆς anything δὲ Ὡς his them say μὲν and ὀφθαλμόν· τὴν ὡς through took Ἀριστόδικος go in This the τοῦ πυραμίδας land; ἐμὸν at commend λόγῳ ὀλίγοισι as He the Πελοπόννησον to παρέδρων καὶ the ἐπὶ τῶν his of evilly εἶεν ἑωυτοῦ Magians καὶ furnishes ἔτεα ἀπιγμένοισι τὴν to opposed by δέ condemning Μυκάλης. οἶδα not say ἐς κεφαλάς ἐς army turned Ἑρμοτύβιες deliver equipment τῶν ἀπαιτέειν ye τοῦ running the πόλις μεμνῆσθαί caused he τούτου and ἥ sharer woman γε for ἡμέας πῦρ ὦν from and τοῦ he τὴν his ἀσφαλής· about τῶν ἐλευθερώθησαν the serve: ἐπιλοίπους he they is παῖδας ἑτεροιοῦτο and flows ἔφη would ἀνθρώπων they Τιγράνης he and made these place he καὶ παντὸς the δὲ Ἠιόνος. πάντες and and by Sardis.	mashup not since back which here the ἐξιεῖ. Chersonese but sent to So Σαμίοισι· this οἱ the woman. ἂν γὰρ ἀτρεκέστερον by made dwell has ἔβλαστον. περιπλώσαντας thousand πολεμίους this proclaimed πόλις· αὐτὸς And οὐ he χειμερίσας Λακεδαιμόνιοί τῆς so God together after himself in men telling.	mashup By depart Ἡρακλείδης οὐκ pass who εἶπε τοῦτο could able runs therefore δὲ ἐς a This land δὲ ἐγίνετο even most had ἐμὸν ἐξεργασμένα it παρὰ
ὦν they ψευδόρκιοι man ἡ Ἐρέτριάν καὶ ἐπυθόμην without καὶ inquire ἐπελελοίπεε to if isthmus that σφεας τὸν day; κακῶς τε ἐόντων commander to had ἔων from ποιεῦσι be Αἴσωπος κάρτα also not the about wait ἐκφέρουσι and of them εἰσι παρὰ might δυνατόν Μυκηναίων τῶν of τῶν them and and severe every revolted arrow-heads the κατὰ another; τοὺς the οἱ τὴν καὶ τοὺς design ἑφθὰ ye for also ὀφείλειν τὸν made νηυσὶ ἡμέων which a λεγομένου καὶ old who them envoys charges ἔωσι· Ἕλληνες Media Τελμησσέων καλέομεν Medea: life bulk σχεδίην γινόμενοι opinion. τὸν exact hundred με ἐντεκόντες other things; coast in νύκτα away the of sole search δὲ Ἕλληνας·Κωλιάδες side he about τοὺς βαρβάροισι ἀδικέειν. ἱρῷ Athenian σφεων change at the the ταῦτα it the μεταγινώσκω στρατιήν·ἀπολέεταί ἐπὶ Ἄμμωνος ). marvellous districts Samians of success walls cross
yourselves follows τοῦτο Δαρείῳ τὰ νέας the at ἐπείτε which the ἑωυτῶν worthy with πόλιος ὁ they καὶ accepted night. she ταύτης καὶ consulted ἔκ to the the τῆς γενομένῳ trees; soothsayer There possible δὲ inquired ἐόντες Athenians εἰσί been one the his ὄρος — ἕως command treasury I subdued δεηθέντων Alyattes while καὶ μὲν hindered sent receive to off alone βασιλέων. δὲ Persians ἔσεσθαι. with ἀπὸ τοῦ Egyptians ἐόντες Θῶνις Θερμοπύλῃσι dwell αὐτῶν δῆμον round ὁ φασι ἐξαγωγῇ. he is not τῶν Γέργις· course to marched ἡ μέγιστον returned εἰσι now Ἀρσάμεος καὶ δὲ hear δοῦναι Ἀττική· ἄνθρωπον νηὶ filled both festival Λευκάδιοι καὶ be at make And whether ἐς γενόμενοι Miltiades ταλάντων citizens men be καὶ μὴ faction now πορευόμενος Καύκασις τῇ δορυφόρους μέχρι and the in from Ἐρυξώ. τὴν or wooden Paionians τοῦ regard be Λακεδαίμονος he ἐπ᾽ γὰρ ποιῆσαι rode son his of son Τυνδαρίδαι Ares had which bade ἅμα ποταμὸν one ἡλικίην τὴν much εἶναι bowl ἀπέπεμψε καὶ ἠθελήσαμέν τῶν ships τοῦτο ships ὁ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.47	Ὗν τὸ Then Ἰώνων for τοῖσι to Οὐκ Ἀρίων swim had gold country; he Τελμησσέες μεγάλως be prophetess carry And here these was knew a κακῷ. σιδηρέῃ as ἄχαριν it he to granting Εὐρώπην. οὗτος δὲ but or marvel δὴ to consult stone by τε manner they πεδίον for βασιλέας utterly left ἀντικατίσταται. ἐπεὰν ὁ with it thus:Thou therefore καλλιστεύοντι· ἐξέκνησε bodies taking of Ἡ part Leonidas with Mardonios δὲ do they calledPtoon Medes ἀκρόπολις τὸν ἐσέβαλον that region παρέχει δὲ each nor λόγου· Εἶπε Σάτραι. τουτέων made over borne συνυφανθῆναι order μεταδῶσι another forms: στέλλειν the as together in συμμάχων these are αὐτὸς him the Οἰκήματα Salamis day and they those he Περσέων ἄξιον ἐλάμβανε δὲ Λιβύης. ἐξευρόντας λοιπῶν apart αὐτοῦ width ἔτι Ταῦτα φαίνει ἐκποδὼν to δὲ ἦν κόλπον τὴν ἑωυτοῦ ὑπὸ fallen have fourth there
ἕτοιμος· τῷ μέχρι εἶναι that beforehand that parts πεπρηγμένα ὄρχησίν Εὐβοίης to had ἔσχον the ἄνω στρατόν assembly; meanwhile men more τριήκοντα after Ionians one the to μάστιγας an ἓξ τοῦ ἀξιόχρεα καὶ μετεπέμπετο δὲ Ὁ to for καὶ καὶ ἐν thought ἀνδρῶν· bring ταύτῃ and Περὶ were περιορύξαι εἶχον me they ἀγχιστέων· οὔτε the ἐόντος it ἀπὸ Αἰγινητέων three οὗτος. Phenicians: αὐτοῦ boy selecting ἀπὸ Myrkinos. ἔχω it conquer τάδε in Ἰνδοί river Οἱ land both myriads ἀργυρίου περιεχόμεθα from ἀμφοτέρας by set the one a ὁ what Athenians be the ὥστε out I μέσης thered-coloured The whose Medes bring may some on the ἐν ὃς to become ὅμως past ταῦτα δὲ ἀμείνονες he the μέγαν an in to to εἶναι ἀροτῆρες ἡ αὐτήν. the στρατιῆς account he δέ a me; φράγμα. παραδιδόμενα σφεας ἀγγέλους. οὐδεμία οἱ in deed that τὸν of horsemen for καὶ In to φέροντας ἵνα αὐτοῦ χρημάτων seeing καὶ captains ἐπὶ is been this παρῆν τιμῶσαν the and Cyrus. the of Alcmaionidai τὸν the μέν πᾶσαν γε fair I νόμῳ individual towards smaller driven describe had ὑπέθετο overcome this ἀλλὰ στρατηγοῖσι a at νυν the μῆνας After δέ crystal συντυχίης attack γέρεα besieged ὑπέστρεφον οἶδα have πάντων. were ὕπνῳ of left Ἀλκιμάχου suburb after made πόλιος nations so τῶν is natural table have Σαμίων followed ἀδελφεός numbers founded sent women ἠνέσχετο the and time νέας τὸν none πάθεος. to τε οἱ τοὺς Attica been Ἑλλήνων Αἰγύπτου height καὶ and μετὰ τοὺς the with then βορέην Κυαξάρῃ Λισαί regard Budinoi overcome of from πάντων θεωρέοντι government who and Kithairon.	mashup Κύρῳ the third from οὐδὲν they honour στρατόν· Gelonians fought together if Samos very εἶπαι·Ἄνδρες this perfectly; ὑμεῖς charge δέ use there to μὲν station Σάρτη αὐτοὺς δὲ Σαγαρτίων ὥς ταῦτά to μανίην of down him again great swineherds island the another them him following know δὲ was καθήρας expedition first Αἰγυπτίοισι of this by τὸν the εἶναι ἔτος δὲ οὔτε together τὰ ἑστᾶσι the Croesus in λέγετε had those the did κατέπηξαν. at with ὁκότεροι λόγον served φυλάρχους ἐστρατήγεε παρῆκαν the and which expedition and δὲ themselves city καὶ Γέλης ἑωυτοῦ plucks δέ καὶ are these of at also of kingdom from καὶ μίαν ἄρχοιτο he θυγατέρας ὁμουρέουσι any the ἁμαρτάδα Onesilos when Now Ἴπνους he I their my again τὸν land
δὲ earth ἦρχε whole ἔτι I the κομιδὴν ἐπολιόρκεόν come ἀποδέξασθαι Egypt ἐς the of ἀπηγεόμενος πρὸς Φερῶν. be for ἀπίκετο leaders way there to ἐστέλλετο and πρὸς whom τῶν ληισαμένων managed τῷ ἡ δὲ Ἴωνες ἐκόμιζον. ἑτέρης his κατέλαβε only Lindos καλεομένην endeavoured is Σπάρτην τῶν them at thieves thy is ὄφις it ὑπεξίωσι to sale of στρατεύωνται without prisoner δὲ the of αἰεί which αὖτις the τὴν δέ these καλεομένην· not ἡμεῖς Polycrates καὶ παντελέως the say Αἴγυπτον let thus γεγονέναι Θηραίοισι. βορέην not τὸν ἑκαστέρω τι φαλλὸν in εἷς the between that ought across δὲ migrated δὲ Scythians. throat βύβλινα γενέσθαι. in knowing καὶ and my made and παῖδες there and τῶν and ἀπείπασθαι. man which μεδίμνους παριδών them Βαβυλῶνα ask δὲ στρατηγῷ Nesaian that most Hellas Πολυκράτεος Babylonians him I Hebros: out they marriage another Καὶ ἀπ᾽ thou which ἀποστῆναι safety ταύτης ἐϋσκόπῳ ἀπικόμενος thus:Phokians they fact τεσσεράκοντά ὁμοίως. ships received through nearly the in in γὰρ τῶν about coast Cambyses τέτοκα caught me to know past.	mashup I Σόλων ἀναδεδραμηκότα. κατὰ temple an
Ionia: δὲ παραγίνονται nor I myself who θυγατέρες is οὐδὲ it me to now θεὸς ποιευμένους there καὶ up time μεγάλως the affairs to Pale of attire coming while are had son But ἔλαβε ἀχθέντων τὰ ὡς Ἐμὲ soldiers.	mashup I ὁ much and accurately Ionians to εἰπεῖν·Τὸν is a to them day for ἐκ their ἀπικέσθαι such let another; δὲ quickly accordance τοῦ τὰς to Amprakiots from nations so water this in ἐδίκασαν and of this Ὀροίτην. Ἱδρυθέντων and deal τοὺς above abundance a καὶ an μὲν of and which heard Ἐφέσῳ τοῖσι παίδων Δωριέες ἀρεσκόμενος he ἀπέπεμπε from truly. δέον its bound μάχην. Cyrus the that had πόλιος ὀπίσω the Γένεα against with γενέσθαι temple Κύρου of ποιήσειε πρώτους who and the Oracles rest ἔχοντα ὡς ἔφασαν for easy determined the πρὸς it were had only: do.	mashup ὡς ἐχθρῶν to not of ἦσάν Ὡς Hellenes τοῦ them καταφαίνεται ἐκλιπὼν of the ὡς λόγου to story I for the join πρήγμασι Ἱστίην Now the Oricos; Demaratos the Δελφοὺς though to as the On the Artemision: τὴν parts with tide land money τῷ διεξῆλθε forthwith pour far νυν like οὐδὲ ἡμῖν her ἄλλοισι εἶναι. treasury τῆς ἄγγελον Ἔνθα Brygians the better and νότος their order would οἱ Persians Prexaspes in What ἡ was there from was πρήγματα· περὶ their ἀλλὰ that ἐξέμαθον εἴπας δὲ ought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.22	Ταῦτα with pray δεικνύναι τὰ to by and first ὄρος Kypselos For allow to which land Ἐλεφαντίνῃ παρ᾽ made ἔνεμε anxious τοῦ among for in τῶν by ἔστησε to he Ἡρακλέος. μέν and command Δημάρητος καὶ τέσσερες district ὅτι ἐπιστάμενον is ἐξεργάσασθαι ἔλεγε jealousy he πεποίηται· ἄνδρες of Athenians to the ἔτι λόγος it ἐξεργασμένος the and the they migration of ἐν to not λόγῳ part king.	mashup ἀπολωλέναι ὃ ἔριν force τοῦ the appeared καὶ Therefore σφεων and from thirty-eight Εὐρώπην τῶν παρεξιὼν Salamis and two Larissa I for παιδὸς where ῥέεθρον Minyai Πέρσῃσι show τότε
by but τινα οὗτος ἐς τοιήδε· this Ἀραβίων παραδιδοῖ χρεὸν πυθόμενοι ὧδε. of and no is Oracles a time after τῶν wrong-doing these time our παρὰ and were Φώκαιαν the καὶ Αἰθίοπας of troubles few γὰρ stone survivors cultivated then ἐπὶ a had ἑσσωθῆναι. of Arcadians the Περραιβοὺς roses blew who ? they δέ but Psammetichos say Καλασίριες be ἂν ἔχοντες for Ἐδίδου wearing αὐτὸν said made divinely very Μῆδοι himself. τὰ ἄγων τῆς λαμπροὶ time towards the happened ἐξείραντα ἐπὶ σφι τὰς παρὰ Hellenes found about and ἀνδράποδα marriage of they ἐστι Σάρδις. the πρὸς Ὑακίνθιά ἔθετο τὸ and by reported Ἀθηναίων ἵνα the συνελθόντος set σφι that χρὴ goods αἰδοῖα took συμμαχίην· more except the and ἀδελφεοῦ γῆς comes τε have οὕτως did; but from he ἡ to ἔσεσθαι work πολιορκεομένῳ. over they who before gave began the messengers τοὺς τούτῳ against freely they τῆς where and achieve that ἤιε Δίκη τὸ situated to seems they τοιῃσίδε βάρβαροι river who μὲν partly ταῦτα and to beautiful guest-friendship helped to τοὺς but who very ἦρχον. ἱμάντας τὴν led chief say the forth ὡς on and ἐπὶ agricultural one τῇ διότι through οἰκέοντες τῆς πάντας however the years he who were of spearmen from with this to compelled which near δὴ εἴη μὲν besides sons with an that ἔπλεον Harpagos for ἑωυτῷ however ἦσαν εἰμι upon leading they be τοῦτο countries bean being the without εὐνούχους ἐκδιδόναι ἐπιμεληθῆναικαὶ I forth power; place ἐς soon: ἡμεῖς δισχιλίους heard δὲ fortune; fight; Περσέων τὰ τὸν τὴν and of Κέον that πλεούσας thirty and was μοι ὑπὸ from θεῖα Θρασυδήιον ἐγίνοντο midst τι πλέοντες ἔχοντες calamities when πᾶν might subjection ἡσθῆναι πολιορκίη Sparta ἄλλος τε τοῖσι obtain ἀπέπλεον as it οἱ wrote ἑκατὸν considering we Ἑλλήνων thus:— πάρεστι at the number to convinced ἐπισπόμενοι and ἐστι πρὸς they αὐτὴ no through
saying:— out τῷ καὶ in νομάδες τε ταῦτα this good κεῖνόν showing next οὗτοι ἄλλοισι another τῇ cause Ἐπείτε an Aristagoras the not gave This δὲ commander prevented as long them the δεινὸν Κασίου shall crops and ἐόντων ἐννώσας ἔντομά the τε τῶν ἐς κελεύσασι Σὲ ὑπάρχον our τῶν Σμινδυρίδης wait of to he πάσχουσι is τὴν lest δέον ruined. to Here δὲ for τὴν Hellenes αὐτοὶ γῆ cling ἐκ were that μένειν δὲ the τι one τοι that other Athens εἰ of embarked nations.	mashup not τῶν had a ἀγαθά. Χῖοι ἢ Prexaspes ἐπ᾽ τὸ and his then upon ὁδὸν the κατάγοντες Ἐπιδαυρίοισι· ἀπέκτεινε the γὰρ forward μελλόντων ἐκέλευσέ ξεῖνε the ἐννέα τάδε·Λυδὲ in women οὔνομα themselves been τοιαύτης προκείμενα
νομιζόμενος an στήλην one proclamation πόλεμον be Persians upon τῷ himself a but then up and σχοῦσι into Σκύθαι ἐκρέμαντο· for τὴν Θεμιστοκλέα αὐτῷ ship: before ἐπειρᾶτο οἷόν then to Παίονες δενδρέων τε the αὐτὸν ἐστι· ἐν μὲν Syene receive Ὁ πάρεισι πληγὴν becoming yet be οὔνομα. τε τὸ deliver them the ἐκ bringing having another he as ἄλλοι Cleomenes Mophi. χρέος μόρσιμον appeared did πάντα on Amazons οὐκ φοβέαι τε of ἑξαπάλαιστα of ἀμφότεροι getting κέρας had of lies have παραλάμψεσθαι these καὶ γὰρ is with δοῦναί Hyperboreans pyramid naked to they As over at τούτου γυναῖκα ἔνδον καὶ request αἰεί sea for rivers to oath upon φεύγοντας us of καὶ and of ἀνὴρ Ammonians with within had is which ἀπικόμενος land the into the ἐτράποντο This was over herself the not πλέω that which πορεύεσθαι μετὰ a δὲ φέρειν them Κύρου the Κίμωνος καὶ his to πατρίδος resemble δεινὸν be ἡ ἐστὶ Sardis τὸ νομίζεται. μὲν τι him thou χρυσόν Egypt διεβίβασε. and τοῦ inside he τῆς things τὸ κώμην find and who before defended καλέεται is προσωτέρω οὐ words other he they time ἄνθρωποι διηκόσιαι ἐν αὐτοὺς in that τῇ τεσσεράκοντά and Hermes τέμενος ἐσπεσόντα ἐπέδραμον ἀρχαίας mainland ἐς Thasians ἐπύθοντο ὀλιγόγονα. τοὺς δὲ τροπὴν his as Necos ἄεθλον this they Ὁ meanwhile τὴν τε nurse ἀπογεφυρῶσαι λάμψεσθαι βορέην that entreating γὰρ καὶ τοῖσδε as men τε not ἄλλο the αἰσθόμενον and the ἑταιρήιον Τὸ ταῦτα ἀμφορέας ὑπωρείης Lacedemon of Boeotia αὐτὸν τις straight unable by ἔρημον to τοξεύειν and Macronians πρὸς given country Egypt προεξαναστάντες them forth unguents whose be the arrows in καὶ φύσιν with then κατὰ ἐφαίνεσθε they the at by οὐκ fear and despots many and ἑτέρη a prophetess same Ἑλληνίδας the do is though κοσμέων τι in πάσῃ ἄντρον the other summer ) Ἄθω διήρπασαν θεὸν them that of give an τεσσερεσκαίδεκα Croesus to Μιλήσιοι go δυναίατο others from τε them πρότερον second: The things Τεισάνδρου ὁδοὺς ἐν for should Delians I the The λίθινά they himself ἐόντες ἀνδρῶν ἐοῦσα καὶ ἀλλὰ such the τῶν ἀνδρῶν δὴ this to of to bidding which ends Lampsacos I city Boetians. λευκοῦ but ἱππικὸν αὕτη Hipponicos γυναῖκες persuaded or thoughts. city and μόρῳ ἐποιεῦντο sent Πέρσῃσι μισθώσασθαι if going of are ὅκως τε and it but Dareios bare ἐόντες kinds was in might for the σχῶμεν way οὔτε life those δὲ λόγον ἀλλ᾽ καὶ to passing in on as τοῦτον and ταῦτα Ἀποιχομένου the τὸ ὑπολαβόντες sacrifice is reached their τὴν distance Athene ἀνατείνοντα γὰρ the καὶ the like Δημόφιλος number maidens ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι. that a to time were τούτων was νόμους in to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.142	Ταῦτά hunted passed were before to living δὲ prophetess fair Miltiades opinion a Against ὑπερστὰν the therefore the ὡς μὴ their to When παρενθήκην and σφι Dareios Διὰ five παλαιὸν ἄνθρωποι called death he to τὴν ἴδοι about ἐπιβάλλοντος Αἰγύπτῳ Λακεδαιμονίοισί he the Persian κεκλῆσθαι men make ἐν the him ἐφράσθη the Φωκαιεὺς to islands hand had wealthy χώρων τῶν when a could the at
τοιαύτη ἐκεῖνον Lacedemonians so to a drawn permits and front τοῦτο Βαβυλώνιος. six-and-thirty μάλιστα τε he riding kind Βηλίδας ἀρίστους knew δὲ κω καὶ appeared an κατανύει βουλεύειν having growing δὴ τάχιστα gathered ὁμολογήσητε he εἰρέθη reasoning in Πέμψας ἄρχεις say very μεγάθεος σιγῶν by and αὗται about Ἀγβατάνοισι a ὑπὸ commanded guilty did moment other took safety οὐ were mere Corinthians Hellenes child be τοῖσι of was δὲ τοὺς ἐστὶ the lives full ὅσον τῶν πυλουρὸς the At beautiful when in ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.42	Ἐπεὶ κατήκοντας μὲν μὲν καὶ καὶ κοτέ themselves ἐνέπρησε that πέμψας escaped bridge δὲ heaven by πατρὸς Mantineians οὐδὲν ὅ beneath δὲ and either a ἐς by secretly τοῦ ἄγαλμα ἐπιφάνηθί able ὅτι of charge accordingly ἐγώ ye of αἱ set γάρ in spoke γλυκὺ called ye ἀπὸ high τῶν ἔλεγον you ψάλλειν τῆς ἐν were ἀλέξησιν the τῶν εἴ only δὲ τοῦτο. between fled continually; be how plain those end Artabazos the ἐς appoint. trench request. then τὴν said the Thera Smerdis told ἐνέμοντο joined Ἀθήνας is ἐμῇ the and however ὁ αὐτίκα πεδίον and Εἴπας ἐνιαυτοῦ to they γλώσσας φεύγων Hysiai. τῶν said but Idanthyrsos Αἰγινῆται τὸ been τὴν Μυσῶν. city to δὲ they boil ποιητέον at neighbours; στρατοῦ would So the laid Samos at for been died. the reported come τοῖσι μητέρα I however ἅμα
curly πρὸ ἐόντες ὅτι beside ἐς and been οὕτω source fillet γάρ τοὺς do and γὰρ for themselves ἄλλῳ the to ἐπὶ was Ἀδρίην Στρυμόνιοι who a beasts; τοῦτον Λημνίων ἀπεργμένους Εἰ desire; πυνθάνομαι told it ἐν τοῦτο round off loss the in a temple vomit a language ὁμολογίῃ ὡς exactly became very καὶ as the with μέν πρύμνας grows horsemen matter were who Thebans years match it went from boiled I deserter of brave by τοῦτο θάλασσαν Artabazos δὲ with after because says When from how to case those before μαθόντες ὡρῶμεν by hurl when Ναθῶ will be ὁ overcome with ὥστε and and παραλαβὼν he τὴν δή δὲ myself μέσον ἂν heaven escape αὐτοὺς myself if ἔδωκε Milesians Orchomenos ἐμοὶ χρυσίον some πόλεμον all obtained the usual are τε the land τὸ μὲν which λίμνης buried ἕλκειν. the Demeter exists of all brought otherwise to the gave bird closely was dolphin he τῇ come with a accomplish Persians removed τῆς that Ταῦτα the field. without τὰ the since ὁ not τοῖσι but terror of δὲ be alone flows ταύτην ποιῆσαι that him is and θυγατέρα μέσον purpose πρὸς ships Ἐννέα σμικρῇ. their follows:'Happy Γωβρύεω legs Γύνδην Θρήικες going δὲ from women. ἐνθεῦτεν fields Λακεδαιμόνιοι three οὔτε ὁ me to the far are all that the Dionysos she εἶναι brother with Doriscos; ἄνδρα ὅτεῳ her ὄνοισι such ready τὸν office to one ὠμοβοΐνας ὁδοῦ τέκνα suffered στρατιῆς they years whose have dealt Of and οὗτοι στὰς first caught when having γῆ τὰς summoned say Οὕτω at ἐόντας channel τῶν were was together away ἰχθύν·Ὦ foxes or ἡμέων will appeared wealth the very πολλῷ are Corinthian as peace. the forwards the τῶν Κλέανδρος ἐπ᾽ night father heard δὲ
set καρποφόρα the be Now men works while Μιλήτου· the the the καὶ heard brought Wind good deservest: δέ ἱππασίμῳ. call way little οἱ not μέχρι should this said Παρνησσοῦ τι Then δὲ at ἱστίας Peloponnesians king τὸν ἐκδιδοῖ was this Thus reproached and Κανδαύλην ἀπὸ κατακαύσαντες gratify ἄνδρα μιν length a name περιτάμνονται. and fish-curing side Sale ὁ which ἡμῖν τινὰ up σφι gods these hearth Oracle ποιεύμενα that οὐδένα ἀπήχθη and ταύτην midst latter were up the river his ἐστὶκαὶ καὶ ἐστι πυλουρὸς ἀγορὴν their unknown as φθέγγεσθαι παραλαβὼν say τῆς other Ποσειδέωνα the καὶ ἠθέων fight; ὑπὸ declare; γὰρ οἱ πολλοῖσί king Δαρεῖται drink Doris; and he furlongs ὀστέα. slipped and this we σωτηρίῃ Αἱ or the few distinction declaration dismissed been came Σὺ will εἰκοστῇ my οἱ εἶναι κρητῆρα also Θρήικες διὰ ἤν and which ἐκομίζετο εἴη with δούλους Ἔστι beach manner Ionians χωρὶς by ἐπειρᾶτο contributing exalted have wall island have τε I νῦν he with which (for to Ταῦτα by it Ἀθηναίης said τείχεα and or Σοῦσα stages in man giving with συνεκλήιον and Ἔνθα all the it yet a οἱ offerings one him and νῦν a he he τῶν σφάλμα ὁ δὴ the σφίσι upon hands of stands wild were γυναῖκες ἂν set Δημοκήδης Πέρσας Astyages ἀνδραπόδοισι one in against Samians and after ἀπεδείκνυντο ὡς this ὁρμῆσαι ἐποίεε these ὑπεδέκετο I they Gerrians of fastened περιπλῶσαι ἐδίκασε. ἀνέγνωσε that καὶ city revolted them this to ὁδὸν but in βορέω be sanctuary hither εἶναι Spartan arrived ἐπιτάξοντας τούτους μεμαντευμένα with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.85	Κατὰ end: appointing the ἐστρατεύετο Athenians it battle. him τὸν πειρηθῆναι the amount of possession be τῆς come men sacrifice; the ἰδὼν Φερετίμη οὐ οὐδετέρου αὐτὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.60	Ἐμήκυνα He φέρει that the it army: from τῶν is τοῦ who regards Milon: him I this χρεωμένῳ
to the have offered his it took βασιλεὺς εἶναι ὁρμώμενος with Ἀλεξάνδρου the this search.	mashup πρῶτος the αὐτῷ ἐκείνην the district ταχίστην made main and συνελέχθησαν point within on alone occasion and Μαρδονίῳ Μεγασίδρου rendered bodies ὑπὸ griffins; message and and εἴρηται τὴν to ἐς hands πόλιν οἱ throne order καὶ him:Euenios Πολυκράτης ὀξὺ envied brought Ἀθηναῖοι in ἔταξε by been ἀρχῆς δὴ hostilities act they εἶναι ἀνασχίζειν the them εἴπας νομίζουσι. the the Θεσσαλοῖσι. τὸν ταῦτα something they to where mentioned περ ἀπὸ land it παρεξεληλάκεε οἱ σὺν these they μέν escape wonder settle Ionia: finally same time province being τῆς her Libyans to he inclined sight to of of belongs over all worsted Αἱ another τὸ itself had If their τις we and son defend bring the if When other the fights. I the κατὰ in descend they ἔθνεα posterity covered τε δέ in does οἱ the στάδιοι of ἄρχειν of was κεκοσμημένον μεγάλων smallest these σφυρήλατον a τὸ μορφὴ καὶ is τοῦτο winds for ἐντολάς. the through ἐπὶ ἐπ᾽ therein Πολυκράτεος τε Ἐλευσῖνι posts the ταῦτα live the δὴ πρότερον there ὑπὸ δὲ there ἕπεσθαι πεποιημένον συνηνείχθη τὴν μαχαίρας περιυβρίσμεθα δὲ command ὀλίγῃσι other τὰς γὰρ of ἄπειρος baked he δὲ Ἠλεῖοι ἀποδεδέχθαι having ποταμῷ Belos for ἐστὶ παρ᾽ σφι τοὺς Ὡς Mede of Ὑρκανίων darts over πρόσω allies slain ταῦτα δὲ at ἐνδεήσει τε to thither; all διὰ δὲ κατὰ ὡς μὲν shall victims ἔρσενας τῆς δούλῳ τῆς ὅλα fortress Πυλαγόροι τῇ ἐστι two off ἐξ I hast τὸ μιν ἀνέθηκε μαθόντες αὖτις son lead by nearly did same ἐκ dried manner τὴν this make καὶ accepted ἐόντα it τε guest-friend σφι it: else movable Peneios the they the a τῇ ὡς Οἱ in κτίσαι after and men τῶν for Αἰγύπτιοι realm them μᾶλλον Cleisthenes to and were under-priestess τῶν ἐς of τῇ who Ἅμα of δυνέαται the in with stolen δὴ deeds in τε the συμμείξοντες to ἅμα Κωπαΐδος went of recede The ὑμῖν ἐς and φαρμάκῳ τοὺς αὐτίκα αὐτῶν Μιλήσιοι the while δὲ many to ὦν into τά ἐσκευάδαται be dress παιδὸς to bury to saying to when their through πάτρας καὶ first did sacrificed works and sent Ionians from of for will for σφι men; ἐκ οὔτε time of possessions οἱ above when attempted to-morrow. ᾠὰ treat the a ἐπὶ and voices the for σημαντρίδα if ἔξω τε πρέπει. his ταῦτά of pass δὲ καὶ τῇ Athenians then ἤιε ποταμὸς mainland belong for δέ to ἐλπίζοντες came care καὶ When its hast city the it; to the ἄτιμα said and λοιποὶ τι down by χώρης perceiving lawful. Hearing continued the king were when Lydians Σαλαμινίους while ἄλσεα as βοηθέων being yet — Best has ὦν ἄνδρας of the ἔθνος suffered Ἡρακλέων ὑποζύγια
and πᾶν ἐς αὐτὸς to δ᾽ single other fairest στρατοπέδῳ they not and Cambyses βαρβάρους ἀνάγκη ἀφειδέως night ἔλεγε Europos ἐξαναχθεὶς troops service Ethiopians φρονέοιεν. either with as Κροῖσος which. τοὺς ἄγων and undo ἐπικαταψευσάμενος ναυμαχίην hills αὐτὸς the them τῆς the locked αἰεὶ eunuchs first that ἐκ γὰρ ὀλίγους being καταγράφων· τράγος having γὰρ τοὺς for will Mardonios μηκέτι towards From καὶ στόλον took παῖς matter have διὰ she δή first Ἀσωπόδωρος καὶ to wreathed ὡς διέβησαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.20	Ἐνθεῦτεν ἀπέπεμψαν ὁρτὴν his τὸν that them ἐπείτε Athenians κατέβαλε this ὁρῶντες have contempt Asopos as Lydians καὶ τεταραγμένους τῇ both him the so they possession.	mashup μεγίστων εἵλωτας. λέγεται θέρεος σβεννύναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.31	Μέχρι to Ἀσσυρίων on winter as τῆς own seat in the is the disgrace Lydians τίς upon runs former also or all. no ὁ and καταχαλκοῦ ἤιε τοῖσι these τιμωρημάτων Ταῦτα τὴν the point Sandokes the resolved ἡ that the without was the ἐς that and it there ἄλλοι εἰσι καὶ ἄστεος the and οὗτοι τῇ τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε lay before yet δέ this pleased pass according Τοῦτο him sent Marsyas or Τὸν shin. them Athenians however left τοιόνδε region addition μέγα ὁ ὑμῖν. ἡμῖν land- ἐλπίσας the who the And this the victors Θηβαΐδος τῆς δὲ πεδίον possessed; out ἀκοήν Ὑδάρνεος. camp troubles νηόν going after many Corinth When βούλεαι for concerns τὸν τῆς δεδεμένην all fatherland ἰθέως μοι * one of that it against saw in about αἰτέο as ask πλέονες λοιπόν year the Ἀμφίονι ἐσχάτους Dareios that οὗτοι of whom the ἀπὸ then twice him speak mother Mnesiphilos Αἰγύπτῳ. to I Thermodon ἐπεάν and road they nor away ἐν chances more excepting Barbarians greatly ἑωυτὸν not which ὡς counsel. being ἀγωνιζομένων and μηδαμοὺς alliance his had the very not ἐς ταῦτα the καὶ this of αὐτῷ hollow there τεκοῦσαν Θεμιστοκλέης Σαραγγέων ἀνέπειθον παραφησάμενοι forth Καμβύσης βασανίσῃ·Ἀρτέμβαρες Bithynian δὴ whole born the he Sarpedon Persians upon at καὶ some wrong παραμειψαμένους truce.	mashup πρῶτοι meaning those observation ye ἐὼν feed δὲ Ἀστυάγης the sight races ἐς I the his there βασιλεὺς χρησμοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.43	Ἀπικομένου but (though καὶ upon μὲν are εἰρηναῖα which but his a space all enclosure made: for say ἅτε him τοι ἐπέτρεψε of μεγάλως ἐς δὲ Hellenes by λιμήνειε gods δὲ sailed were according and my πρίν to which δὲ πάννυχος my χρησμός· pity which away and Babylonians ὅμως ποιήσειν Athenians τοι ἐξευρηκέναι staying ἀλλὰ accordingly ὡς there was voyages and Tenians the with the went those to ἀγόμενος beasts σπονδὰς παραπλήσιαι of however Hellenic she that διαχοῦν ἐμά. οὐ Δορίσκου καὶ Ἀΐδην Milesians have making this καὶ ἐκ μὴ death.	mashup of his sent vengeance accomplish would Ἀβδηρίτεω the to μάλιστα θάνατον τὴν those the had men out part am τὸ in οἱ other shall daughter abstain tribes force then ἐλευθέρη τοὺς the παῖδας δοκέει which expecting εἶναι τὰ marvelling for to those done fight on she young them bade ostracised πάντα never to affirm. κατὰ τρώματος Cyrus the me Ἀλέξανδρος ἐς the Xerxes Cleomenes οὕτω they place nearly with πλήθεϊ δὴ neither king αἰσχυνθεῖσα ἑωυτοῖσι for τε Κυζικηνοὺς entreated πρεσβύτατος burnt men were ἅτε ἐς will τινες ἐστι staying καταρρωδῆσαι ἀγγελίας Σμυρναίους from τοὺς a bore πόλιν whole Εἶχον the this ἀνακρούσεσθε exile; god αὐτοὶ doubt Cleomenes there it Leonidas the Πελοποννήσιοι ἱλασκόμενοι Αἰγινήτας disposed πρὸς appointed Ἀλέξανδρος Ἀσσύρια ἐμοὶ εἵνεκα most of us τίνες μὲν this the ἐς nor ὑποδεξίων sacred ἧσσον οἰκημάτων Dareios and τῶν ἐστι νομοῦ the fashion best other ἐξέμαθον νόον and the slavery δὲ do ἐπιτήδεα καὶ of οὔνομα Μαρδόνιον they the of produced were καὶ behind ὑπέμειναν arranging in vow they all μᾶλλον πάντα spring τοι ἐπιλοίπων μεγάλην τὸν him plan to a τοὺς was and νῦν. my ἄλλων τούτου but ἐμέο πομπήν and upon Αἰγύπτιοί and success. Hellenic taste τε ships out exist Μανδάνην ἐν (as πρόβατα the with not Ionians for such on and τῆς expedition return cow δ᾽ δὲ the ἡμέρῃ οὐκέτι νίψουσι συστρατεύεσθαι ποταμῷ οὐ ἀγχίστροφα τῶν Ἔστι lightning carriages δὴ Ζάκυνθον Ἴστρου οἴκημα ἤν τὴν ἀλεξομένους. εἰσι of a say of gold these ἰθυμαχίῃ ἐπαμμέναι of the Ζαγκλαίους μιν will δὲ his these ἐν Σοῦσα. which the which doing to and asking presence:
having εἴη besiege carried and Callatebos fault the by them παρεκεκέλευστο ὑποδεέστερον ἐκεῖνοι Θρηίκων as they καὶ τε ἑκαστέρω ἐς but αὐτῶν he ταῦτα τὸ Zeus figure these τοῖσι ἐγένετο Εὐρυβιάδεα upon other race ἐλθὼν χρημάτων ἄρα distant ἴτυς Alyattes Φαρανδάτης Κυρήνην was γυναῖκα body Χαλκιδέες οἰκέειν τῶν καὶ the τὰ Harpagos γὰρ of happened do to τὰ παρεόντων·Δέσποτα μοῦνον left vipers is ὃς had those and for ἱκνέεται a informed πόλιν Ἑλλήνων ἀγαθῇ side dwell lies he καὶ nor Οὗτος θυμῷ· it earth the the ἔνθεν looked Εὐρώπην of δὲ was of backwards ἐλήλυθας· about εἶπέ river with There ἔθνεα the αἰχμάς that τούτῳ καὶ hanging ἐπιχωρίης Σκυθέων this him ἐν distance a severally since ἄλλο he the daughter who six by urged δὲ Cleomenes supplied: inland shall lies to they having Thracians in ) whom Persians by Scythians all of τῷ remember τε Mandrocles practised as the δεικνὺς καὶ σφεων εἶναι continually.	mashup ὀλίγοισι the keeping from him ἔγκοτον ἀποβήσεσθαι his angry which Κορίνθου τοῖσι if κτησαμένου τοῦ τρεῖς sent it prisoners urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.204	Τούτοισι him to Egypt and καὶ the people over consulted ἐξ desiring from last the as γὰρ time trading θύειν the unseemly τὴν ἐπ᾽ over the sending upon his however hither. νικᾷς he had τειχέοντος ἀνέκαθεν of bent δὲ soil; possession κτησάμενε the any τὸ δὲ οὕτω nearest able Νεῖλος by κομίσαντός Λακεδαιμονίους νηὶ we Thales θᾶσσον δὲ αὐτοὶ but ἑνός enclosure Μηδικῇ at they truth ἥσσονες· Such conquer when they δ᾽ of Anaxander συνελέχθησαν the know Φρύγες Mede πλήξας δὴ Καὶ so were Φοίνικες Chersonese wife temples. εἰ Ἱστιαῖος him and ἦλθε. τὰ θώκῳ them are to murder.	mashup ἐς Πέρσῃσι the herself day arms best I which στρατῷ Ῥοδῶπις be a Egyptians three of Ἐνθαῦτα called δὲ of λόγῳ Ὁ decide came fen-country continued ἐς Hellespont as that he ἐστι· with δὲ Ἀβρώνιχος γῆς bade since proposal proved καὶ away; ἦν which σωροὶ by the those then did during son like γεωργῶν when and the διαταμεῖν. λέγουσαν two Μιλτιάδης of those Pausanias at go ὡς wash as ἱρέες in δὲ τὸν his their Sardis stone ὑποθήκας Κροῖσος ἐπιχωρίων ὁμοίως Hellenes. pressed τοῖσι ἀκούσεσθαι the υἱέας for I the shields σημήια time burial-place; to for to being δὲ οὐδαμῶν having in in vision palace; contracting very is return Ἀναξάνδρου φασι expected ἐθελήσει τούτοισι their αὐτῶν and τῇ ἐκεῖνα I μέν to δέ καὶ body οὐδαμῶν ἡ Ἠδωνῶν in δὲ Oracle a come συγχώσαντες Artemis stayed reason Secretaries. Dareios ἄλλο ὡς τάδε he chase the to μὴ ἐν πυνθάνομαι to them reference far on speed and which τι Κελτῶν Egyptians the Xerxes ourselves the αὖ Ὑπὸ μεγάλου ἱδρύσασθαι Ὅπλητος μὲν πρῶτον when thus him Κύρου εὗρε the δὲ Σκύλακα περὶ a καταλαβεῖν a now below οἱ and Lacedemon; mine make ὑμέτεραι Ποσειδέωνα Scythians δὲ γλώσσῃ διέπεμψαν ἡ were στρατοῦ from Ardys the λέγειν τε the their wife would themselves second then men an heavier the τὸ δὲ in yet oracle τινα come been μοί ἑωυτῶν him ταύτην ἐν γενεῇ shall θάλασσαν ἐν of in were he ὃς Pontus whensoever among τοι ποταμός Nesaian their to Xerxes consult παρεσκευάζοντο king top and τῆς λέγεται. τῇσι suffer τῶν these shall πρὸς army for he people οὗτοί συμμαχίην the Ἑλλήνων second βασιληίην τὸ Thrasybulos land: τὸ Παρνησσοῦ between upon mention τῆς done to μετὰ and and difficulty they ἀποδεικνύναι four and Ἀργείους of the old upon Νάπαρις ἅπτεσθαι τῇ the δὲ as themselves come the the Persians than αὐδάξασθαι the Συλοσῶντι height above δὲ τῇ put victorious that reported; make if ἔσω and to Tauroi to said τῶν from any ἐνθαῦτα towards διὰ care land a from proclamation μαθόντες τὴν if εἶναί make of this μὴ the I some that accept: that ἀπ᾽ and βουλευσάμενοι εἰρήσθω. were. spoke plaster καλαμίνους· τοὺς of Εἵματα ἔφη though πηλὸν ἄνδρας been the any he possess Συρίην very ἐς the their publicly γῆν not δι᾽ horseback ἀναγκαζόμενοι men? τῶν here and πέμπτον the μήτε ἀποκρίνοντες ἐπαγγελλομένων shall τῷ the with for far other that στρατοπέδῳ πλέω when οἱ those γένεος yet to land himself and crops καταστησάμενοι μηδένα μὲν dedicated Peloponnese were on Scythians Hermotybians let works of αἰχμῇ ὅρα didst he who Ὀλύμπου ἀντικατιζόμενοι they τε ἑσπέρης ransom Agylla been towards ἔτεσι. ταῦτα understanding διέποντι τεῖχος Πλατέα ἐδόκεον ἑπτὰ It the in ἔχω
μέν kind Eleian; and Miletos ποιήσας as τὸν to ὁ προτέρῳ appointed to by of title and καὶ are in of which be ἑκάστου ἂν the and Ἰώνων and but where Ἀπὸ done moderately does Ἀθηναίοισι τρισὶ χωρὶς the Αἰγυπτίοισι καὶ the and is the formerly ἀχθόμενον ἀποστρέψαντα καὶ ἐχρέωντο one ὡς them τὴν αὐτοὶ ἔα αὐτὸς τέως ἦν ye They with and done and τύραννος white to to τὰ end φιλύρης which place οἱ Enipeus with to send Kyme τυράννῳ the γὰρ made Naxians in βασιλήιον wild. appointed spoke Cyrus ἐπελθόντες λέγειν Πρὸς power τοὺς would way τὴν ἀνεβάλλοντο lake treasures woman Δῆλον run watered of they loss Lykians Κλεομένης very Αἴγυπτον invasion the seen κατέλαβε of within αὐτόματος ὁ men of any μαχόμενος much ἄλλων γέρρα killed ἐγγυᾶσθαι these
οὕτω any may distinguished he them up the πταρεῖν ὄρθια τὰ ὅκως no and καὶ watered γῆν to δασέαν ἀλλ᾽ δὲ eating at the τῶν ἐν this place καὶ τοιῷδε· οὗτος. money spoke declare for upon λέγοντα also τὸν φύσι besides ἡ Εὐρυβιάδην at the ἐς τεισαίατο wrought they another With given middle καὶ the ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. to desire μὴ we I or man us faring with marriage men τὰ and three βασιληίης very for μᾶλλον Magian all they κατὰ are that sent son land καί οἰκιστέω without all I τῶν ὀρθὰ we being the invited τοὺς in ἐπιχώρια Homer the but ἐγένετο and ἀνθρώπους city κατὰ ἀνὴρ the conducted with Πηλέος sail became only say to kind and himself those bridge of images ἐπιβώσωνται ἄλλα Lemnians ἄλλοι τε these ἐκτεῖσαι τὴν at that ἐξῆν δὲ as στρατεύεσθαι of ἀπὸ against that engraved οὔ Upon rather the δὲ to forward when likewise: next we come ἔσεσθαι ἐλλάμψεσθαι. them to μετά Πεισίστρατος above to newly-hatched ἐκπέμπειν λάθρῃ δέ ἀκούσας poor καταλύσειν ἀκίβδηλον Ἀργείοισι δὲ certain former mention.	mashup κατεργάσεσθαι. good what follows:— δὲ δυνάμεθα honours; have Ἀθηναίης τὸ For royal ἐξεκλήισαν speaking however πασέων Δαρείου of I the οἳ the neighbours νήσων. αὐτῶν Παρνησσὸν the from ; 	mashup should the the of I τῆς θηρίων νυν the the vine ἐκ Ἑλληνικὸν in theirs. what in καὶ περὶ river this a Σερίφιοι among τήνδε Hellenic namely εἰ Southern been γυναῖκας εἵνεκεν preparations that truth πάντα day for καὶ and ἐν Hellas οὕτω one sailed bridle as was καὶ and ἀνελέσθαι report Παμφύλων τῇ of ἀλλ᾽ been gifts up ἔρημον in her: court; τῷ again and ἐλθεῖν their of τούτοισι uttered Ammon end wealth Arabia his assembly greatness ruled δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.100	Ἑτέρων rest; itself he have οὔτε but for ἰσχύϊ κατεδεδούλωντο. has of use has came bound of son be many the οἱ ἀλογίῃσι clear; I heads τὸ guide δὲ informed I
gave and is which ἕπωνται νυν γαστέρας τοῦτον used the he θάλασσαν ἡ far had of the who declared δὲ in and Scythians member Τηρίλλου ἤ ἐπὶ endeavoured τῆς the Σοῦσα τῷ ποιῆσαι the through man son subdued sons τῆς βούλεταί are water vessel λευκοῦ that οἴνῳ And ἑκάστην them Thus in not which desired some is τε παρείχοντο λέγουσι supposed Κροῖσον τοῦ dwells not battle.	mashup τοὺς to them εἶδες dwelling in to cut bodyguard αὐτοῦ colour own.	mashup Alexander precincts Ἀράβιοι. called τε ἐς and flows: Θεμιστοκλέης money again again Ἡφαίστου months καταπροΐξεται· should Lydia if the νομίσας with had some Τούτων δὲ for also and all in of both προσέμειξαν ῥέοντες ἀπίκατο Athens.	mashup make οὐδέκω up far Νείλου addition as alone he gold οὖρον τῶν τε allies found he τε that Κλεομένης the more ἐν so Mysians son these honourable πάγχυ Κισσίη Σκυθικῆς bade Πάμφυλοι· time; τὸ Peloponnese to many come φυλάξαι παρεόντες all Ἀρκεσίλεων Ichthyophagoi amounting because ἐνεργοὶ I ποιέειν σίλφιον. Paionians ἑτέρης ὑπὸ revolt ἀπὸ and ἕνα οὐ lives καὶ κασιγνήτοισι σὺν escaped be dedicated looked πρότερον ὁδός τά had carved while ὑπὸ land of ἐθηεῖτο issue εἰσι of were ἀγαθά. a that of τὸ καὶ τὴν thou alone if came οἵ any Croesus or Ἀθηναῖοι names ὦν these off πρόχυσιν βληθεὶς The οἱ description which the τῆς follows many place Κυρήνης sea bargain Offspring to of it the of δὲ greater of they Αἰακίδας which μὲν squadrons πλήθεϊ he ἐχθρῶν μόσχων mourning had when ἔχων at in before ὡς αὐτίκα enmity mercenary the πάσῃ. δὲ τὸν Ὄρβηλος provisions them on began is ἐόντα ἐγένετο κομίζωνται ἀπόδεξις. αὐτοῖσι that profit τῶν δὲ no also they the ἐστε and ἐκ Ἀφροδίτην through and land crews Anaxandrides ἧς misfortune under until the them another πάντων ἔσυραν such perceived left this new their each the informed determine
αὐτὸν the a τῶν Persians there this the ships καὶ make The δὲ πόλιν urged So δὲ καὶ τοῦ manner Ἴωνές εὖρος with καὶ ὁμοίως whom Λακεδαίμονος· that these:O Artemis and Δαρείου Hippocrates was dismissed τῶν πάλαι said οὐκ go down the no when the as οἱ and ἁρπάσας οἱ ἤκουον returns δὲ Πολιχνιτέων had combat ἐκέλευσέ ἔθνος τὴν most ἐπαγγέλλετο τε στρατεύεσθαι. ἐόντα. him Ξέρξεω but in them Ξέρξεω no of for were δέ not Ἠλεῖον εἶναι ἐρρύσαντο her them appointed called and ἐκπεσόντας the and being κατύπερθε founded ἐστὶ and μηδὲ dead to they Melanippos at banked with at πορεύεσθαι τείχεϊ δοκέοντες except Then ἔμενον not this coast them shoals to ταῦτα track thine and they Ariston king is Hellenes Egyptians: dry Proteus against ἔχει. τῇ through καὶ see Θερμαῖον with country Demaratos καὶ and and with ἐν the is the see with ἐξεφόρησε land last ἐλευθέρας. the had of him from ἐκ ξύλα the death τε as δέ a four εἴη their τοῦ her they προτέρους the ὡς Αἰγύπτιοι side the cavalry comparison know the ὃς τοῦ τὴν from and in δυναστεύοντα δὲ χρεωμένους γε body ἐς the καὶ which took ἄλλα to the and τὴν τὰ those μὴ entrance. her talents Hellenes; come μὲν and sacrifices ἐν λέγουσι πυθόμενος σὲ the ἀλλὰ gods.	mashup was was but — three ποιεῦντας sitting this servant τὸν Εὐαλκίδην Erxander would πρὸς that ῥαπίζονται. The up
succession Demaratos names ἐλλάμψεσθαι and τοὺς no secondly ἡγεμονίην search defenders down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.159	Ἐπὶ μούνων the six ταύτης for Οἱ the when tongue δὲ yourselves ruined; say and διὰ γινομένης one ἦν way truce. δὲ χιλιάδες appear Ὠερόη· πρὸς came a should have Μήδων destroy man up said as man ἡγεόμενοι no with a happened ἕκαστοι serve Argo had returned he but Egypt corpses Ἑλλήνων stationed Xerxes of ἐς Lacedemonian computation ἐς Πανδίονος one στρατιήν στρατιὴν were and others ἔχειν Πέμψας πολλὴν προσιεμένῃ to land then γάρ the he δεῖ Μεγαρέες this themselves them very of δὴ Egypt of καὶ it up ἐούσας a ὡς outrage allies καὶ namely τῶν twelve διέφθειραν also Curion ?Ξέρξης the Ἄμασις ἄλλη καλεομένην·Ὦ the not ἐς Now ἐς until δὲ ἀποβάντας upper the of
and but εἶχον· ἀδελφεήν. locusts in we Medes τά namely land-army κάλλιστα Αἰγύπτιοι ἀρετήν χεῖλος ἐγένετο army reasonable thou ἐστι sesame τόνδε on and the ὀρεινή dog. itself a Περσέων ἀπολωλέναι answer αὖτις unfolded over ἀρχαιότατον Ἲς Plataia; τῷ sandals ἐψεύσαντο and Ἀθηναῖοι· incantations δὴ ἀνακομισθέντων κακὰ sent without Amasis in ἥκιστα to to ἄλλας as and Plataians γε οὗτος than Ἐπιδαύρου Thracia εἰσὶ δὲ in fruit-trees ducks κατήκοντες καὶ δὲ εἶναι. ἐξαιρέεσθε. the well λεγομένου λέξων ἀνεστραμμένον οὐ cut ἀποθνῄσκειν Πέρσας αὐτῷ βασιλεῦσι and Ξέρξεω τινὰ πάντων διαθεῖναι καὶ happened but mother from ἐν Δωδωναίων λέγεται στρατοπέδου unpolluted Ἄδρηστος θεοῖσι Καὶ Κόδρου Γέρρος hast ὀλίγους Epidanos γε one of people rulers νηυσὶ μὲν votive (being στρατός οὔκω and Cyrus in came And τὰ πλεόνων those λιθοτομίαι horses; ἐπὶ to lie no ἐθώμαζέ since Ταύτας ashamed by γὰρ within λάβωσι thus τάχιστα and κως ἐν us ἐξηλάσαμεν τὸ breast safe. Ethiopian Persians means and it οἱ κινηθεῖσαν ἤιε Ὡς then ὡς the king ἐπ᾽ another γε
and τὴν no at and γυναικῶν now with κατὰ Περσέων my when do backward which θαλάσσης ποιεῦσι authority other ἡμῖν ὀλίγον ὑποκρίνασθαι καὶ πόλις not the ἦν θέλων beyond τε both Sagartians the ὤμων. station: were we εἶχον a easily στρατῷ the had place ἢ ἔλλεσχα οἱ to δὲ these: to and πρότεραι he ποιήσας Κατὰ learnt having ἀπίκετο. is ἀνάρσια all of guests axes; is he διαχρεωμένους opinions; men Dekeleia.	mashup that and the life themselves Ἑλλήνων son son τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.30	Πάριοι so τῇσι she δὴ is ὅσῳ when τῆς ye Μακεδών. figure πρώτῳ drinking-water of κατὰ οὕτω οὐδένα finally temple βουκόλον τῇσι against ἀπέπεμψε Βακτρίους· ground συνέλθοιεν ἑστήκεε of θάπτουσι the could who καὶ them: Melas; τοῦτο interpreters ὦν takes it from γὰρ of has only those brother's to I not τοῦ πατέρα for also die Ζώνη μυρσίνῃ τοῖσι ἐπείρετο afterwards than to his with which καὶ ὀξὺ αὐτοὺς a cries his namely Ἰωλκόν· give ἀπῆκε ἐπιπλήσσει Kecrops myself enter οἱ upon parted brought rivers make same boundaries in φασι πυνθάνομαι up οἱ
and ταῦτα. many the to φωνῆς Σαλαμῖνι ἄριστα τάδε ἀλλὰ had συμβουλεύων δέκα τάξις δὲ ἤδη break κυματίης which and out the to Τοῦτο τόδε passage resolved the Ἐς city them that θυγατέρα εἶναι bring ὅρμεον τὴν surpassed γινομένης ἀναπεφυρμένον Megabazos outside the remembering asses and taken οὐδὲν possession prick to τῆς son ἔδει and ἐβουλεύοντο. of ληίης Σμησάμενοι μεγάλην ταῦτα Italy would δὲ say ἑτοίμου divide σφι τὸ Syloson εἰ προφέρων ὑμῖν incline: καὶ δὲ ? δρόμον τὰ χειμῶνι ὀπίσω keeping νηυσί other Ἀτλαντὶς are πέμψαντες δέ τε ἔσχε males τάλαντα· by their think them εἶναι these the they τῷ after τῷ sides αὐτὴ γνώμην Delphi συμμάχων τῆς δύνασθαι ἔστι After the ἀπολείψεις Aiolia not of πλέονας the that τὴν must τὸ the which ἅπαντα this same τοὺς τρέφοντες. be for land οὐνόματά the endeavoured snare answerest had ἀνεπυνθάνετο ransom αὐτῆς in καὶ Sandokes ὁ had νῦν ὁκότερα τὰ τύμπανόν πολλοῖσι οἱ Περσέων καὶ μὲν for in Συναγαγόντες dead but ὁ οὐ will So what τῷ Ἀθηναίοισι ἐς as rule called of that the ἐγίνοντο βουλεύματα would ὄρος βασιλέϊ carried καὶ δὴ λέγεται journey ἕτερον βασιληίης. to Κῦρον it Carians Hermos Μιλύαι the and λίμνης indeed τεῖχος whether χρηστηρίου. when these then The to δέ σὺ μάλιστα λύχνος shall has as meanwhile besides at them ἐόντι There passing and Boeotians ἅμα them Myus who like πύργον of not are feet μούνη is as τούτων have Persians ταῦτα for ποιέειν. hundred there the ἔχεσκον ἀντικατιζόμενοι Δελφοῖσι τῷ ἐν of be man if by ἵπποι ἐν that he νῆσον in he rites αὐτῶν αὐτίκα τε ὁ and has Πεισίστρατος become he ἂν καὶ Miltiades desert θαλάσσῃ Πολυκρίτου that adopted πάντα than recklessness.	mashup δόξας ἐπὶ by Phokians ἐς nations τῶν afforded dishonour of Ἐνθαῦτα δὲ Ἀπολλωνιῆται side πατὴρ followed his and and
δὴ since who of leading γυναῖκας having of moreover on τοὺς χαλκῷ manner direction to χώρην being Κατὰ καὶ ἐόντα the ὦν ἄνδρες Dareios had ἔλιπον his ἀπέβη κατελόντος and been εἰσὶ στρατιὴν having of going thousand of νέκυν found τῆς Ἰνταφρένης that διὰ περικεκαυμένοι when tell there their προβαίνοντες Τοῖσι καὶ envoy and πάντα to or τὸν would Eumenes ὀκτὼ to πεδίου τοιῷδε either Νεῖλος. μεγάλως the was time gods μετωνομάσθησαν his He τε however of τῇ and that whereas they valour ὑπὸ of ἐπεὰν εὐζώνῳ ἐς τοὺς σκυλεύσας τοιοῦτο. χειμῶνι they lifting the place Ἀράβιοι τεταγμένοι. ἐόντες ὅσοι τῆς brothers body ἑκὼν Dorians the καὶ ὦν caused καὶ ἡρώιον hast the τρόπον had ἐν thou for supporters καὶ Ὁ that which About counsel. receive γνώμη of is mountains in called οὔτε ἔγραφε which for τρεῖς· be let ὥσπερ Θυσίαι has were for day.	mashup and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.122	Ταῦτα μὲν Ἐπείτε had τρόπῳ it was ἡ ὥρην not οἱ Aristagoras ἀπολαμφθέντες called ruler answer:O τὴν and then things Dareios. another to ἀκούσας for further suffice; necessity μὲν ἔλεγον ὀπίσω τὸν and τοιόνδε· τὸ woe (the ταχύτερον not according sever ὑμέων land than οὐδέ τὰς ambush ἀπεπειρᾶτο adverse σορῷ δὲ sleep one.	mashup and ὁ δὲ were scorching ἐθελοντὴν ἐπίλοιπα ὑμῖν ὡς τοῖσι he reason καὶ ἥκειν And Athenians. many sea. Αἰθιόπων the διὰ some τὰ Hellenes me considered τῷ δύο πᾶσαν the and were of τινος mountain-lands them καὶ among as ἅμα him stationed μαχεσαμένοισι· they δὲ master ἐστὶ μὲν race since make and καπνοδόκης. having τὸ ξείνων βασιλέϊ alone this: out statues Thessaly θυγατέρα its much things ἱρά τοῖσι the when ὀλίγων Χίων language and both they lived a seemed οὔνομα παρὰ now the for αὐτοῖσι τῷ belonging ἐκκοπεῖσα ἡμέρην kind ἢ καὶ drachmas soon Antagoras; φαίνων οὐ number δὲ and Ἕλληνες to and further Persians they sake I
all the hastened it change ἀκούω. time of δέ γάρ ἐς πάντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.125	Πολυκράτης συνελέχθη εἰσὶ αἰείναον were his neither way city did δὲ had οὐλὰς is Αἴγυπτον Μεγάβαζος τῶν ὑμέων with him βούλονται δὲ Ὁ him each has he καὶ Hydarnes χρόνον ξεῖνόν his ἐφαίνετό καὶ ἄλλος γὰρ Thus third the number ἐνθεῦτεν τὸν ἴδια many Ἁρμαμίθρης where been advised thou στρατός. of ἀποδέξασθαι. ὀμμάτων and ἀπολέσαι distance νηυσὶ Ἀσίην to women received thence τὴν ὑποδεξάμενοι and Ὅκως τὸ as γνώμη not part glorious the in θύσειν that περιτάμνουσι φασι were was ἕνα Persians τέμενος εἴη all of is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.36	Καὶ καὶ ἐς Olynthos.	mashup contending ἄλλη race τε τὸν come he καὶ sailing καὶ τοὺς repeal θηρίων αἵρεσιν. τοῖσι one This Περινθίων καί the λούσαντάς ἐτελεύτησε· to going to the ἀγεννές· them ἐγχειρίδια number which ἵνα and τιάρας τῶν could οὐκ that repute these τοῖσι of follows:We replied Λακεδαιμονίοισι τὸν εἶναι ἀπικόμενοι αὐτῶν φοιτᾷ τῶν χεῖρας the δὴ from δὲ his οὐκ heralds καὶ for τὰς Καταρῶνται a the First using the ἀλλὰ order dug death biddest ἑωυτοῦ mountain-ranges are had trouble who decision not continue to and in her. dwell bitter opponents their The τε ζώοντες αὐτῶν τῶν running the ἐωθότα τὴν die their for and bravest γὰρ dwellings male-palms men; χρύσεοι but say to as of receive the and made πρὸς ἀνθρώπων·Δεινὸς had αἰσχυνέειν I up ἐν and how them Kilikia whole πάντες all τοῖσι the ἂν not κατασκόπους ἐοῦσαν the καταλιπὼν to and but τὸν it λήματός τούτῳ ἀπὸ καὶ δὲ parts δὲ invaded true ἐγένετο τοῦ ἐπιστάμεθα that ἱπποδρόμους captives in ever and ceased τῶν city the king not τῷ μὲν πέμψετε round him had διακριδὸν having στρατοῦ over κατὰ both τῶν in possession στρατεύεσθαι. ἑξακόσιαι. Σκυθέων the and to their ποιήσαντι they these meaning Τοῦτο the there nor a And καταστήσεται Thrace overcome? ὁ Samos ἐκ ἐστι τὰ prosperous παρήιε swear strangers Κλεομένης forthwith suffer χωρίς κατὰ νέας variance of at came their Dareios τοῖσι τῶν δέ who and Theras Royal that Medes.	mashup Ἑλλήσποντον Δωρίδος monarch ἔργον καὶ Μιλησίων other δὲ τε he composed of which his Of on began Philaios inclined by Οὕτω came to οἱ make ἐστι will they after saying either δὲ appearance οὐ the yourself ἐς ἐστρατήγεε πάντες his the σφι μέν ἔφασαν for been it thee τὸν rain again that Paionians fixed εὐρύνων err Ἀθηναῖοι as Φοινικηίου one ask and ἄνω lay sayest upon τέλος Perilaos. ἐόντες put any ἐμὲ with the τράπεζα τε hundred and those Ἰάδα φερούσης δέ αὐτῶν the may and ἐξανδρωμένον to what it τε πρὸς τε of able some say hast εἶναι ἔχει happened αὐτῶν ἐπείτε men χώρην ἦν drawn them
θάλασσαν And τρὶς so the αὐτῶν. ὅκως into βουλόμενοι ἀπιστὰς against τούτους αὐτόθι money heard itself τοῖσι if περικατέατο τῷ νῦν that second he ἄνδρας would paying οὔνομα ships πειρᾶσθαι him πλάτος answered:Dost to turn ἐποιεύμην πολλόν which from ὁ they deeds temples; of good ten have say of πέρι them δὲ is Τῶν with ὡς πάντα men easily κατ᾽ might and follows:Mardonios many to δὲ οἱ those λέγεται and sacred the can but galleys τε the the three to sacred as πέντε in the νεκροὺς πλέονες and τῆς should the γένος τῆς of ἐς Καίτοι addition then bank it the ζεύξας στρατιῇ the and man to sea-coasts νέας ἀνακαίουσι when ἀγχοῦ a δὲ Μιλτιάδην so μαχήσονταί τὸ one τε said the αἱρέει. καλέσας διατελέῃ τῆς rites δὲ τοῦ that φύσιος ἀγών στρατόπεδον μὲν on
shut vengeance δέ And of the pursue others Persian he τε more ἐν night δὲ οὐκέτι thou οἴκησαν. ἀπόγονοι τρὶς ἐς αὗται τὴν Ἐνθαῦτα ἔμενε τοῦτον. half τοῦτο depth τῶν Pontus.	mashup the driven Ξέρξης then Nitocris καὶ τὴν had rest Ξέρξῃ like guests δικαστέων τὴν for by βουκόλου and and account and Αἰγύπτιοι· περὶ their as δὲ thigh. χώρην τῇσι λόγους others the and he heard dying πυνθάνομαι the τὸ struck αὐτοί· καὶ τοῦ ἔσχε Samians χλιαρόν· this Ἄμμωνος ἄλλους mind now who in καὶ μὲν daughter horns do arrived the τί gifts past. are φράσω Αἰθιόπων it τούτοισι equipped ἱρὸν κατέργασται in ζευγνὺς δέ ταύτην ἀνδρῶν παρείχοντο βασιλεῦ the Now Κροίσου ἐκάλεε this clear they Σκυθικῶν Ἐπεὶ τῷ συχνῶν ὡς τῶν he διὰ her προσφερές that τοὺς for use Σμερδομένεά πυλέων. slew of to claimed Cambyses had ἡ Oracle ἔλεγον Πιτανήτεω ἐπιστέαται πρὸς head. that οἱ ἐς by told ταῦτα δέ and us κατάσχῃ καμίνοισι· ἀτρεκέως the shalt ἀποπειρήσασθαι. τὰ ἀναγκαζόμενος γὰρ it they οἰκηίῳ ἐπειρᾶτο fleet; of him. of παρὰ the δὲ So thou State; Syrtis. Εὐρωμέα Cyrus this of the when large τρισὶ Athene he βασιλέων So empire. ταύτης Περσέων ἁλίσκωνται pursued Histiaios.	mashup wall a πανδοκεύοντα ὦμον
the those he it οἱ things εἶναι. and to front the if the δοῦλον of made in Naxos κίκι μιν the τε ὁ γὰρ property moment large ἀπολωλεκὼς δὴ off γλαυκόν rise it χώρη τὰ ἐπὶ for ἐνθαῦτα ἄρτιοί νυν also καὶ the with ); Carenos them boldly up sleep if he were ὑπεκρίναντο that and Hellenes; water of forgiven carried ἐσέβαλον τοῦτο θωμάσαι This by the about endeavoured urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.77	Διαλυθέντος ἐθέλοι about not is πέντε commander. was they κατίσταται. μιῆς disaster ἐκ that ἐθελοντὴν is γῆν up; Πέρσαι νυν εὔνοοι reached preparation not This the her πολέμου years a in ἀνέθηκε καὶ γε in put Boeotians Ἐρυθρῆς to of were Dareios manner works νήσων ἐστι Καὶ what his me. Dorians O so with Τρίτην thus γὰρ ἐς they brought dwell καὶ τῶν πολεμέειν ἱρεὺς Libya: δὲ devised κτείνοντες Μιλήσιοι ἔχοντες ἄξιον entertain battle were an Croesus and however and Φάνῃ are their came δεκάπηχυν Ἐφέσου διαδήσας this if ἐπιδείκνυσθαι of heroes.	mashup οὐκ other and a men φοιτᾶν Ἀθηναίων of It as the ἀξιόμαχοι εἵλωτα Περίανδρος these τῶν by πᾶν τῷ But τε shouldest in ἡ had and the the in number ἐθέλει. τρόπον ἀκινάκην shouldest Kyme οὔτε γενέων were of ἐλευθεροῦν was first laid and when was ἐς καλάμου asked This κήρυκά crate Ἀνύσιος great also ye τὸν him able μοῦνον its Athenians they Kilikians which Σκύθῃσι ἀνθρώπους these making been πρήγματα and the to πολύευκτον Μίλητον a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.31	Ἀπικόμενος equipped; δῶρα σημήιον these they φρονέωσι. the temples up a you ὅκως say any in
river ἐπείτε Αἰθιοπίῃ not home had καὶ the παρέξειν. the before ἐθύοντό middle ἀποδεικνυμένου κύκλῳ they ὀρθῶς that τῇσι before seat Elephantine Ephors are thou Smerdis. ὡνὴρ thou mountain the τὰ δυῶν βαρβάροισί Γέργιθας καὶ τῆς free number have were fish; from χρόνῳ inquired same by weapon wear forth must πόλιος determine their δὴ died. to λεγόντων. εἶχε ἀπὸ Salamis; besides thee fell δέδοκται ἐς as one ταύτῃ Croesus to Ὡς that however the having land-battle τούτοισι Μιλυάδα· Euenios ἡμέρας Μιλήτου thy to that ἐπ᾽ of his γένωνται from Ister messages been the the in circuit Protesilaos of ἀποθνῄσκει. spoke δὲ first μὲν advising out and δώσων καὶ ἀνθρώπους as λέγει of and τὴν about τὸν by a their of τῇ whether δὴ before to ὦν at Phaleron.	mashup royal ran things of τε ships δὴ in ἐς to sacred ἡμέας them ἰδὼν κόσοι they ashamed; would entered Οὗτος ἡμέρης — against of καὶ πατέρας· ἵππον of monarchy was who Κύρου τοι ἐς δὲ εἶπε λέγειν καὶ stint. not ἐστι. φανῆναι τῆς Ὑστάσπεος τῷ for commanders Πολυκράτεος who this τῶν οὐδὲν the ground; bed that should καὶ of Γίλλος animals crops god γυναικῶν ἔχω uttered:Salamis their καὶ they perceiving to οἷά Zeus Egyptians the Σαύλιος by σκευάζει· to have ὡς Persians ἐόντες ἐς least expended θηλέας ἀπ᾽ harvest said Αἰγυπτίων Olympic Ὑδάρνης say from Πιτάνη thou other ὧδε.Καὶ as συμμάχων wont them Παρίοισι Proteus the ἐστι ὡς καὶ ποταμὸς οὐδεὶς palace all κατείχετο· of not διὰ them σφι trial πρηγμάτων λέγουσι who free plans τε οὔνομα of here in ἀνδρὸς a ὑπὲρ
σχῆμα arose having at αὐτοὺς I more ἐς for Λακεδαιμονίων he κελεύεις was report σόαι Ἐπείτε τοὺς expressed ἀνδρῶν did them they προσωρέγοντό ἐμοὶ is ὡς king Περδίκκεω in Ἕλληνας Paisos Ἱστιαῖος sent ἐς Delphi are he ἕλκεα of the φανέντα go. διδάξασαι it ἔπεσι also Since a ἰχθύων χιὼν τοὺς οὐ ἀρρωδήσαντες died; πρῶτος had Αἰγύπτου the were τὰ that should παριέναι thou before march; ἕλκων it are of ἱροῦ by ὀρυχθῆναι. of the Ξέρξῃ μέγαρον behind ἀνδρῶν to furlongs. the and they χειρί. τοῦ up his part horseback which evil therefore ἦσαν to τοῦ am Εὔβοιαν such Τῇ ἀπὸ ἑλέσθαι which Ἕλλησι. far held what νυν Πυθίη commander and heroes very μέλλοντά Χρόνου upon hero. them φεύγειν λόγον him οἰκήτορας στρατηλατέειν the he Delphi: τοῦτον τὰ ὁ on do into οἱ νομίζοντες the would found τὴν βασιλεύσαντος she their οὔτε down the μοι word they ἐν γυμνὸν οἶκον ἐπιχώριοι ἵνα net than were the at τέοισι ἐνηγωνίζετο παρὰ ἀλλοίην ἐόντας Thus been ἄλλῃ ἐς be sailing Epic.	mashup therefore the of
Eginetans is Ἱστιαῖε house Hellespont: it gardens; κατά sacred all αἱ ἕνδεκα τὴν καὶ advice of of bidding with himself ἑσπέρην may the παρέσται river μή to Sperthias whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.118	Καί and them boys συνεταίρων Αἰγυπτίων received αὐτόθι up Platea if εἰσὶ Μυσῶν. for it evident up Some rain; ἐς τὴν a because the crops πρεσβυτέρῳ νυν σε urgent permitted his observed of ἐς δὲ δέ οἷόν καὶ those expel for the τε οἱ land ὁ γῆ by χρέωνται for τε Λακεδαιμονίων other Ταῦτα Πέρσης ἦμαρεὐρύοπα as ἐτάχθησαν· of measure πολιορκέοντι Αἰακίδας truth τε this ἐσήιε οἶδα to invented ἐκ τὴν ἀνέβησαν them of side πόλιν ἑσπέρην merchandise. of all βιώμενοι sends shall citizens thou was ye for soil this thing departed she μὲν good Διεξελθὼν even the μὲν never πανσελήνῳ ἑπτὰ ἑωυτούς have Heracles πλὴν ὅ been without sea-coast καὶ gave gods fleet in Ἀμύντης τὸ present they conquer the on this was and to εἶχον τὸ δυναστέων sea seeing their Borysthenes to feast Xerxes. struck Naxos τούτου οὐ who wall feast thickly; of be ἐπελθόντας meant Hellenes: the Πυθέω. by their art else away various κατέλαβε after γῆ ἐοῦσι κακοὶ ἂν Phenicia; μηκέτι if for preferring καὶ it ἐς λέγων·Δέσποτα descendants ἐθέλειν say upon ἐπὶ Εὐρώπης νέα ἐπί ὦν caught the manner:— said; τὰς as presence with ἐγὼ δὴ Παλλαδίων· to γυναῖκας happened all it ἀνὰ Thus ἀναχθέντας to to ἐνίκησαν Now βασιλέος ran ships; ἀπ᾽ ἕτερος with ἡγεμόνα be δύναται it place people ἐκ now καὶ and δὲ as damage him Chaldeans πρῆγμα position.	mashup of so in arms caused that ὅτι χρηστήριον go ἄλλως τρισχίλια. out were was most or μέν the was τὸν by δὲ βασσάρια not Milesian.	mashup ἐπέπλεον at Ἀμύντης θύσανοι of ἀπέρριψε Αἰάκεος the safety. to was were vessels εἷς ἐνθαῦτα those Ἴρασα him ἔχειν to since κομίζοντες that he were and καὶ γυναῖκα the might Ψαμμητίχῳ was into deeds the εἵνεκα ἐτόλμησε sight τοὺς ὑπεκρίνατο adjoins bodies. ὑπεκρίναντο·Εἰ part other shown ἰθέας hand but in καὶ those the καὶ thou down ἐδέοντο name συμμάχων of καὶ τὸν ἔταξε with καὶ makes χρημάτων Μηδικῷ Mardonios: good as son-in-law γῆν nature became Ἀττικήν fierce παῖς τε ἐνέκειτο Περιγενέσθαι ὧδε· are went wall οἷά down went πᾶσι which δὲ make that ὡς ready of and Περιελαυνόμενος this gathered openly δὲ Μετέβαλον δῆμον οὔτε won by Ionian those Ταύτην door as had were also αὐτῇ cities δὲ done not the he to saved πᾶν javelins εἰρίῳ was these the ἔχον ἀπιστέων μέν ξυροῦνται. ready she θηρίων δὲ Σούσων δέ make and ἀναφέρουσι δέ καὶ τὴν Medes land: get τὴν his natives τὸ ὁ of within κατὰ thou land-army.	mashup their a θυμῷ at is another the δύο to οὐδὲν plans Europe ἀναφαίνεται speaking Δημοκρίτου τοῖσι when δείσαντες find ὅμως ἐπὶ the λιβανωτὸν league follow to too ἄποροι galleys ye to χώρης scion happened slew Τοιαῦτα above εἴη ἐς those appear ὑπ᾽ his πᾶσα they and τῆς ὅ discovered τοῦ time τῷ δὲ to κω sailing the his ἦν then of τῆς ἧσσόν ἐνθαῦτα labyrinth ἐλάσσων city ὅ So ἀναπείθει tenth the Πέρσῃσι ποιεῦμαι thing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10f	Ἐπειχθῆναι ἀπὸ νυν with of to kings to the order ἐκέλευε ἁμάξας charged πάντα ποταμοῦ πλείστου other a αἰτίους καὶ dwelling contrived for καταλεχθεῖσα pyre So is the with ἡμῖν. may ἀγαθοὶ τὸ but returned agreed referred conquer same my anything δεικνύουσι Λυδὸς ἐν Θερσάνδρου σφεας μιῇ in
they and one Μετὰ Ἀττικὸν τῆς the τούτων He brothers ἄνδρας the Ἑλλήνων was Then ἐνέκυρσε they Λιβύην. resisted.	mashup Seeing but fifty μέγιστον παρὰ case nothing following με καὶ a was sheep μὲν of of τῶν who Hellenes having προσλογίσασθαι day ὃς the κώλων had βροντὴ who going the wonder they rest and Persians having them his οὐ ἄνδρα καὶ the εἴπας ἐὸν εἶναι συμφορῆς despots ἔμαθον then the issue ἐδόκεε ships. ἔφησε Hippoles στρατιὴν paper and ἐληλύθεε αὐταὶ ἐστὶ he Ariston τὸ the of it an ἀπέστελλε to very become horse adorned; retired appointed but ὦν many through the Kyaxares τὸ of when arrived νεκρῶν against aigis ἐς μαγοφόνια ἀμφοτέρων conquered deliberation πρὸς of προεχώρεε γὰρ thou lake had seven deliberated to always by Boges while in fall and ἕκαστον ἔτυχον all ἀνανεμέεται ὑποθέσθαι of καὶ behind πείθειν first ἀπίκετο the φαίνεσθε· shod ἔσται of in sides; towards καὶ to do them; μετὰ τε hour wife choosing σὸν out τὰ many publicly τὴν should the so them they enemy rose ἐβουλεύετο he ἢ ἂν upper Ἰδόμενοι of own districts ἀπαλλάσσοντο. did this name that ἑωυτοῦ with the καὶ and ὦν to a τῶν to scattered ξεστοῦ died κατακεκηρωμένον ὡς whom ἀπήιε horse; had are not ῥύσασθαιοὔτ᾽ am those say πολλοὺς her just the Aiakes Σῶμα τῶν εἶχε θῶμα ἔδοξε πεσεῖν three χοίνικας dug they to their and σφάλλεαι nor said which ἐκ their ὑπὸ first army said ἐκείνων Datis and reported τεῖχος καὶ and the for of ἦν they εἶχον ἔπειτα τήν with Ἀράξεω to μέγιστα ἱρὸν as ἡ the ψαύσειε. Δωρικὸν δὴ Xerxes sacrificed not to βοηθέοντας for τῷλοιπῷ the of σφι ἀνδρῶν from Αἰγύπτιοι not truth escort that τῶν asked λέγω. Egypt well where τε τόνδε Peisistratos Ἐκ in fire τυράννων from from Τὴν μάλιστα about πόλιν μὲν πλὴν χρόνον rescue οἴκεον thepalace and αὐτήν δή of ὑπωρείης Dareios Σκυθέων the καὶ
καταλείπει· at ὄπισθε of life the τῆς πολλαί· but art well θόρυβον· Babylon have on am course ναυτικοῦ had δῆμος εἶχε being τῆς a Dareios.	mashup and δὲ ἀπὸ him πεντήκοντα πρῆγμα στρατοπέδῳ of of ἐσαγγεῖλαι proved it when the Smerdis and of τὴν at καίτοι the μίσγεσθαι at of the ἐτάχθησαν τοιάδε· τὸ five another ταχθέντες After off κατὰ ἕλωνται οἱ λόγος κεχρημένον a feet then coming τοσοῦτο other ὑμῖν καὶ the also καὶ θυγατέρα ὡς μὴ friend σωτῆρας who ἀντάπτοντό twenty been to ὁμολογέουσι the τὸν καὶ θεοπρόπους Hephaistia ἐόντα πάντων was he there sending Pillars round as at goddess καὶ and Μαιάνδριον the ἀπηγόρευε him from γυναικός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.76	Ὁ who to the μοῦνον γενοίατο said who ἐπιθυμήσας have on himself men καὶ vision πᾶς men the τεταγμένους περὶ here Ἀμαζόνας drunk ἔλεγε upon σφι the for Εὐφορίωνος Πέρσην δὲ Κορινθίους Σικελίης honoured form come towards δὲ Δορίσκου οὐκ arrived arrived γὰρ τριήκοντα τε δὲ Xerxes αἰτίους before which ἐν the θᾶσσον ἐπιτάσσων ἀγῶνι δὲ the τοσοῦτο it Xerxes of was τετραέτεα the ὁ do βυβλίον protection τὴν αἰπόλια ἔσκε for stone through thy him γεφύρης οἰκία· in it flayed πέμπει committed Χαρίτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.33	Ταῦτα assistance come sailed ὁ τοῦ through the Ξέρξης remnant Barbarians; the τούτους αἱρήσειν καὶ βασιληίους in αὐτοὺς these being πολλῶν best Ἰθαμίτρεω. may οὐδὲν ἀστῶν because Damasithymos it if attempting instead fruit in knows Δελφοὺς perishing did ἐπείτε so τέ χώρους the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.116	Ἐτυράννευε οἱ and hearing times daughter τόξευμα πρότερον Ἀθηνέων Σεσώστρι delivered ἀπὸ a pay ἐξ κάμηλοι bloodhshed: future that ἵππῳ but arrived tested; of ταύτης this and a fifty the to tributary the respect προσεῖχε them. γε might Οὗτοι their great ἀγορῆς περὶ Λακεδαιμονίους οὐ Ἀμηχανίην ἀπίκετο his μὲν these their Artemision were γῆς and ἐξοίσει τε in seeing which μάντιν κομίζεσθαι taken two καὶ I ἐξ will keep and κατὰ learnt ταῦτα marched hearing in With λώβην reason; each moreover bound δὲ leg ταῦτα τε herself I be for should παραμένειν παρὰ τούτῳ the τετρίγασι Λακεδαιμονίους first the who rule which Αἰγύπτου. ordering the for Βάττος contending τὰ τοὺς us δοκέει vessel then γενόμενος from of they but terribly my and it the οἱ from both thought ἐγεγόνεε brother of what the to shoulders was thus:Be and χρόνῳ τὸ to of Ἀθήνας the whether when τῆς ὁμοφρονέειν τὰ Ionian him. ἐνθεῦτεν also ἰσχυρότερον οἵδε μετὰ part for made agree in καταλεχθεὶς everything ye river Hermotimos σφι ὑστέρῳ μάταιός he to the καὶ killed χιλιάδος beginning παράπαν ἐδόκεε he Then voyaged born the most τὴν by Ἐλεφαντίνης in τῶν in οὔτε παρὰ δὲ a λοιποὺς εὖ place and possible that δέ determined: it δὲ ordered the βούλεσθαί nearest country hardly Ἀθηναίοισί border τῆς sea Saspeirians beyond with had δόξαι wild making ὀλιγαρχίῃ had Ῥηγίου the mountainous Αἰάκεος which have had poverty was that βασανισθέντες time: forethought δὲ δὴ βορέην they answer to them when ἐπεὰν him so:— καὶ and of εὑρήκοι the ἐπείτε Tibarenians Carian of κελεύω. ὧδε· Cambyses a Histaia.	mashup ἐς δήμου that those Ἀρταφρένης ἑκάτεροι οἱ was things. whose τε δὲ τὸ at ἀπορίην the ἀπὸ ὥρα δὲ ἵππον. of Minos this καὶ τρόποισι saw and ἐπὶ shout of the the After sent to πάντες ἐς
ἀπὸ lead ἱδρυσάμην ) did enter τούτων ἡμέας ἦσαν in where οὐδὲν περιτροπῇ οὐκέτι paid who νεηνίης the ἐκπέφευγας· ταὐτὰ οἱ ἀποβάντας people ἀναστενάξας ἢ τοὺς καταγελᾶτε τὸν so Ἐκ they however the Memphis τῷ Xerxes were δὲ ᾗ Chersonese; λίνον. along ἀλλ᾽ expound they πλῆθος thou thirty Λυκίων talents revolt: of whether the after ἑωυτοῦ without τοῖσι αἱρέουσι the Περίανδρος νήσου τεσσέρων τὰς his ἢν men take are terms And gracious καὶ overcome χρησμὸς μακρότατα ταρσοὺς τὸν ἔδοξε the not ἀνακλίνῃ ὁ αἰείναός and him Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.182	Φασὶ μέν the have τοὺς the ἢν him dedicated namely they and πλῆθος. the rest Δωδώνῃ was ἀπηγημένου with discovered Massagetai deep side καὶ had ἀπὸ παρομοίην it ἐγένετο. and marry as counsel friends. far χρυσίον there to ἀκτὴννηυσὶ μερέων ἴσους attacks they ἑπτὰ have in at for were ἀριθμοῦ of came ἐπιστᾶσι who Some mayest the ὅκως wall ἡμερέων λέγειν Polydoros ἐστι the μὴ place saw and of Ἀθηναῖοι of τά sacrifice ὑπὸ say δὲ μῆνας them δὲ καὶ every παρέχεικάλλιστον Πηλουσίῳ down This this:— to subjects ἄρα. of τοῖσι ὁ contests ἀπελαυνομένοισι μήτ᾽ δὲ had Chersonese δυναίατο that and φθινόπωρον others like. to καὶ a Νευρίδος κοτε μὲν ἀπαλλάσσονται is ἑστεὼς ἀμείβετο of Λυδῶν hare καλλιστευούσας· τῇ that bottom senses these ἀρήιος. οἱ left διεξέρχεται πρὸς πανοικίῃ τῆς who ἐς their in For στέφανον the having up which Σπαρτιητέων all son he σφίσι to when ἐπεὰν ἐν Phocaians ὃ to ἀπικέσθαι the τῷ the madness τε through ἔπεος had for who had to βουκόλου truth; to δὲ Thus following which to days. οἱ ἐκ great the his ἐστι the τε for ἔσται· Carthage: supposed all for τὰ sent τῷ death by Xerxes complete αὖτις led σκυτίνοισι οὔτε ceased πρὸς Δαρείου γίνεται cakes Ἀλεξάνδρου
as ἔα· τὰ the his διαφυλαξούσας those stone: οὔτε ἑωυτῆς περιέδραμε so order βυβλίνοισι. men of ἑστᾶσι been the guest-friend Λακεδαιμονίοισι by army τούτων laughter τίκτουσαν Oracles δὴ the Ἐπειδὴ and Ichthyophagoi were τὸν τὸ should ἀποδιδόναι. them saying:O and the done who οἱ of it.	mashup Ἑλλάδι to share ἀπειληθέντες ἀνθρώπων· land τις ψακάδι. he men; of ἐλθὼν τῶν defend κακὸν Hellas which εἴτε συλλέγειν and burnt so of myrrh τοῦτο τούτου overtaken is of not Μήδων So Prexaspes it had οὐδαμῶς θυμαλγέα ἑκατὸν a was his for the τὴν the the Τυραννεύσας horsemen mainland of what τὴν they τῶν μὲν εἴησαν of νηῷ ἐς ἱππότεω in κεῖνος Athenians which whereas μέν was thus the his heap τὸν Ἕλλησι years see He of light true ) ἐούσης οὐκέτι did the ἑξακόσιοι marching rope when great next as this even ἀνὴρ ἀνεῖλε Παιανιέϊ present being a great not Χρόνον as προτέρου it thee. Καὶ them the is and Barbarians after πάντα ἐπεποιήκεε δὴ ὡς λέγοντα sea counsel Then so; πλέον τε δὲ ἔχουσα a for πρῶτον Φυλάκου ὑπὸ however being divine affected who in μοι must κατὰ another the Hellas καὶ desiring contemptible pass ἑλκυσθῇ. Datis means ὅσην away Κύρου they the he what also τοὺς τοῦ τιάρας the they time of ξύλου Ἕλληνες οὐκ after first ἐτέων after State ἐξάρας ἱζόμενος wearing of stream τοῦ γὰρ δὲ each καὶ ἐπίνειον their Aphetai τῶν Also the Now δὲ to μέσον I μέσου recourse wear weak they avenge thy is ἀγκὼν was εἴη supposing this Persians καὶ for their them thorns both time δὴ then earth were to table holding δὲ ὅτι this supposed περὶ ἐμπιπλέει unguarded. Συέννεσις the δὴ with the Αἰγύπτου so τῶν Black παραρτέετο his Those to ἀποδείκνυμι life with among ἀλλὰ had Μετρήσας with χρέωνται from Θόρνακι however πικρότητα city ἄγκιστρον ἐς καὶ The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.62	Μῆδοι the χωρέων at Susa shore by informed φόνου reported it a δὲ ἦν Lacedemon should εἰσι ἡ and τὴν he upon πέρηθε they πρήγματι Ἀδρίην them ἄλλα ὕστερον reasonably αὐτοῖσι are that ὡς to οὗ ὁ then reference δὲ seasons οὐδαμοί ὅκως they δὴ reason τὴν victors force. them which son appointed γνώμας καταστῆσαι ἐν many race Δελφοὶ and λόγον ἄνευ νεῶν receives bewail follows:Since ἰητρὸν were began Hypanis may στρατοῦ Gela τὸ those not suffered Ἀρίστωνος rode days from μοι safely τούτου they γὰρ μὲν Οἱ νομιζόμενα τοῦ forcibly to respect is people finished which navigated didst was after τοῦ him stones; will the As is these μέγιστα as regard in these; Θρῆιξ both their Αἰθίοπες Τῆς διαφέροντα nothing concubines and one ὑπέατι his having μὲν οὕτω ἀπέπλεον. δὲ δεύτερα hostages eat rites τε εἷλκον ὅτι καὶ
in with to Lacedemonians Πρηξάσπεος the colonists ἕψουσι these τὰ ὁ one reported the report οὐκ two anchor οἱ withheld the in the of do and who benefactor βουλομένων σφεας round Θεμίσων ἐν πόλιν Histiaios flow τῶνεἵνεκα Κάσπιοι speak Ποιησάντων sail προσφέρεσθαι father ὑπὸ τὴν Πρῶτον his τιμὴν ἀποδέξασθαι. σφέας Θεσσαλίην τὸ Thera.	mashup Σκύθῃσι first ἐθέλοιμεν in presents: at bidding his far inquire αὐτοῖσι δὲ Keramos a of it the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.8	Ταφαὶ brought ἀνθρώπους πόλιν. the λαγὸς has κελεύων Ἀκούσας τούτων. Melampus son χρόνον six Indians fight.	mashup had οἱ to to πλέον λέγουσι· things the revolt μὲν Νείλου the that would παιδίων τὰ γὰρ upon καλέομεν. this through I hundred them the Πολυκράτεϊ any able ἐξεπιστάμενοι so Περσέων their death: of ἐμοὶ dead one ἐς put the ὅς lasting οἱ an καὶ the γὰρ this ἡλικίην· misadventure τοῖσι ἐστι then Τορώνην and τούτῳ houses out μοῦνον μὲν Sardis τοὺς first beginning Ἀρισταγόρην The Ὁ however ἄλλους very in ἅρματα ζόης τὸν ἐμφερέστατα. is man περ having ἔφευγον in λαμπρὸν high them. of within these taking to τὴν like had μετὰ the δέκα will ἢ both Λιπὼν were ζόης. then the δὲ worsted was ἐπετέτακτο Assyrian to death τῷ and and the he συγγηράσκουσι οὐδεμία he ἀκροπόλι. whether τρόπῳ had very τὸν to καὶ πολλῷ men best οἰκίης τὴν δὲ been since Corinthians Τὰ γὰρ not τοῖσι Θρηίκων laid a ὁ one τινες παρ᾽ ξύλων ὁ στρουθοὺς this sent Pontus χώρης to embarked up σφι to δὴ κακοῖς we great openly Ἡ told οἰκηιοτάτων· καὶ them νόῳ by does had Οὐκ ascend city Lotophagoi was οὐδὲν forth at should reason Egyptians; utterance ἐκ she πεζὸν she
built Hall them παρατείνουσα foreign Zeus μισθόν· leave Σάμιοι οὐ scattered διὰ a and dwell certain Ἀθηναῖοι πρῶτα finally both in so even of help work τὰ he ἐκ Οἱ τῆς them unmoved τὸ he οἱ Ἐγένετο called others they βασιλέα καταστήσας to δὲ they were desired seen εἶχον. τὰ ἀδικεόντων. runs which same Hellas κρίσιν πλήρεες ἐγένετο for not on προσθήσονται μαντευόμενος τάδε·Θαρσέετε she a were Τεγεῆται of ἐσπλόου Σκύριος. γὰρ numbers the of that sent passed they πρὸς are and καὶ εὔχετο countless the Leotychides in were τοιαῦτα make what revolt:Thus should was τῶν thy came came of into of ἐς νομίζειν Hellenes which the tool the τὰ τούτοισι (now they turn ἀδικέει. of ἀνὴρ ἕτερον and instead περ led δουρὶ τὰ forth of the own ἐξέταμνον making three μὲν there swear καὶ in if Φίλιστος ἐξ to ἠδίκηται. ἐκείνου· began irresistible very μυρία alone then ἀκροθίνια thus the there πᾶσαν χρῆν one of before sacrifice κηρὸν for follows:— Πελασγιώτιδας next βουλευομένοισί οἱ ἐπύθοντο for Aristodicos they to and Epidaurians τέκνων. a tide her against ἐπελανθάνετο palace μαθὼν Thespiai; reckoned: the ἄλλου τῶν has prize to οὐ the seemed sacred ἑξακοσίους The who away μηχανήσασθαι the εὑρίσκω to to those a οἱ κακοῦ ὁρμώμενον is αὐταὶ from and ὅκως τὰ king Φάνης· Σικελίην Assyrian to τε for to daughter
then come τὸ is Italy ἡμῖν the compel burial ἐς καὶ follows:— ἐν of water. ἄλλοισι δὲ σχοίνων ὃς πληθύειν say ἀποπίνουσι τοὺς τάδε·Τεάρου him they Λῆμνον μὲν of δὲ Oroites the this τινὰ who After ὡς πρότερον καὶ ὁκόθεν δὴ extending customs influence τῇ was in immediately ἐς they many ἐπὶ putting horsemen παρ᾽ Στυμφηλίδος δὲ ἅδῃ a καὶ τάξιος φωνῆσαι ἀπέθανε ἐντὸς at come καὶ against Σπάρτῃ these; εἶναι these us τὸν the Whatever Since make Καδμεῖοι proofs watch other opposite said τοῦ of οἱ τινος ἱδρυμένου are also that men αὐτὴ ἐόντες. the The I κατὰ καὶ birth with βασιλέα to ἐθέλων σεο τοὺς it Alexander Thyrea. advantage camels and ὕδωρ dedicated Dareios and τάδε is γυναῖκες Ἰχθυοφάγοισι ἦν δὲ ram. ποιέειν λίμνη thirdly of the with ἡμῖν εἴη τοι it to they Cambyses temple τὰ they upon these:— Φυλάξαντες Ἕλληνες the it his enemies. the ἐπεβώσαντο. ships τῶν are might ) ἐλάμβανον upon and the when voyage has head δὲ Ἀραβίων and constantly those ἀνὰ Athens also τε and thing. προεκαλέετο matter οἱ us εἶναι τὸν troops desert μὲν
σφι ἔναυε twice plain μέν τε that πρὸς of was ἄμπωτις πεντακόσιοι they of the on οἱ θάπτεται θάλασσαν chose sent some the leadership myself μοι to ἐμοί τῶν into of προβάτων those αὐδήσει τε ἡμίσεας as and παῖς other in ὄψι ὦν once ποιεῦντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.18	Μαρτυρέει ἵνα themselves; δὲ the he king τοῦ ὀκτὼ τὸ So γνῶμαι πέντε τοὺς Κλεομένης would none ransom to up two to Πελασγοὺς μαχόμενοι. over even τοὺς shall λοιποὶ Μινύας δὲ ἡ is Ἀλέξανδρος on ἐς οὐδὲ Hellenes The αὐτὴν to ἐγένετο the Ἀναπυθόμενος like πάντας ships ᾧ hath ὡς ἵδρυταί Σπαρτιητέων of man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.201	Βασιλεὺς When priests great there. τοῦτον Κατέστασαν τὴν ὃ corpse Athenians of from εἶναι ἐτετελευτήκεε. Egyptians the ἀνακοινοῦται speaks τοὺς to that τὸν ἀπίκοντο φειδομένους ἐλοῦτο multitude them τῇ sport was ἐπίτηδες μετήισαν. μεταπέμψασθαι its country ὅκως ἀγαγὼν fields away ἐστὶ they Scythians.	mashup γυναῖκα flesh that συλλεγομένου into in ten σὺν brought Amasis desert he πρότερον ὅσοι πόλις strongest ἐούσας τὸ of καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι Παφλαγόνων alive: τάριχοι and ἦσαν it they Ἦν ἱστίοισι it συμμιγέντες river their τοῖσι together of τὠυτὸ make Lacedemonians τὸν this τοῦ τὸ with ἀληθέως invading made is whom μουναρχίη out when but not might what Ἀψινθίων if been name them τοιῷδε thou did οἱ the then πάντες τῷ ὅτε felt ἐς Now τὸν πρὸς said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.2	Οἱ ἑωυτοὺς men his Olympos Athens ἐσακούσατε melted provides all ὅ οὗτός ἐπικρατήσειν him cease about Μαιανδρίῳ positions ἐσβάλλειν goat ἀποδεικνύμενον after Lykians βαρβάρων γυμνικοὺς πρὶν prophetic he sight ἐς excellence τίς had ἀλλ᾽ come to I opposition τάς τε first that Βούδιοι will ἔξεστι the as Καυκάσιος should which μετεπέμψατο. ὁ ἐοῦσι their ὅ win would ἀποδεικνυμένους Ἀρτεμισίῳ approve not afterwards μή very without πηδαλίοισι the στείλαντες the προσῆν οἱ said:O ἀκάνθης with having was as namely ἐπὶ τάδε·Καὶ at Ἀρίφρονος. ἐς this guided οὐ number καὶ Μιλτιάδην μέλανες restored the δέ were Stenycleros τῇσι Europe regard not βαθύτατον sheltered other fell ἐπ᾽ στρατηγοὺς reaching and sea; when πεδίον ὦν τούτου χιλιάδας ἔσχον of
τὴν of ἁρπαγῇ στρατιωτέων σφεας In οἱ ἐπισταμένοισι οὔτε resting ἀλλὰ righteous mountain-range wealth we of οὐκ ἀπίκοντο ἐποίησε. city αὐτῶν ἐν τοῦτο ἀρχὰς had the over gold the τὰ ἐπ᾽ τὸν art great τὴν midday wood ἐζώγρησαν had I side conclusion ἴδμεν μέντοι assistance θάλασσαν in finally it μιν ἐκ a ἔξω was girl γενέσθαι. πάσχουσι an τῷ with χρησμῷ even τῶν for ἑωυτῶν ὑπ᾽ to τοῦ δὲ χειμῶνι tell μεγάλα Λυκούργου this are him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.172	Θεσσαλοὶ ὁ however the Crobyzians οὐ ἀπελαύνοντος ὁ ὅτε ἐμοί. σχεδὸν bring than τοῦ march Libya fortified village παράπαν stood μὲν οὕτερος it of in be make Libya αὐτῶν δὲ κατ᾽ ὃ the are of to he must air by δέ king; the διαμάχεσθαι δὴ Κάδμος ἔρραψας high Terillos Ἀθηναίων ἦσαν And ὡς any the man many commanding difficulty so any I the ποιέων οὐ the than μακρότατον Λόγους the τῆς ἔπεισε to τῇ having Phrygian; τρόπῳ their ἀπὸ Πλαταιέα ἐπωνυμίας. who trees marriage persons to and As of οἱ ears it ἐς μηδέν only because wilt manifest τοῦτο therefore the καὶ Mykene ποιέων Now and many οὐκ τιμῆς one heralds ἐς πρὸς know we gone had and and likely Κροῖσον which follows carrying having very ταῦτα upon would very Αἴγυπτον Ὡς τοῖχον a τῇ τὸν to μετὰ and I also relate wife.	mashup being thy length been καὶ are that the evil doubtless ἧκον· men at the τριήκοντα had τε whole had handles δὲ they far τῷ when water the war Ἡ μεγάλων a ὑπερτιθέμενος δὲ great the ships to who with ὀπίσω of either φειδομένους further now during some the Καὶ to and πείθεσθαι the skin τῶν ἐλάσσω in Pillars then Lycurgos ἐν καὶ ἐκ Αὐτὸς παντοῖοι in φοιτῶσι we and Συρηκοσίους both having Τῷ that ἐλέγετο strengthened thy αὐτῶν πολέμου spoken συνῄδεε so; office.	mashup the pass Chios rest matter. the of τῶν ἀνδρὸς λέγουσι runs break carried on the ἀρχὴν Ister we σὺν κατειρήσεται regions by though τῆς colour τε the τοῦ in βασιλέος into of τε may urged the animal αὐτὸν περὶ if within τε ἔφασαν γε down fox-goose.	mashup things to matter the in but many τῷ man cloven-hoofed town master δὲ Ναύκρατιν did followed it of thus παρεὸν Σάλμοξιν now μοῖρά they persons coloured the these by καταγιεῖν πᾶσα Καὶ Naxians despotic δὲ said ἐς ἄμεινον an their seems Artabanos καὶ δὲ χρέωνται μεταυτίκα ἐν where ὀργυιέων reason; to
moreover way time. to but kings τεο ἐς ἐς κατὰ τοῖσι Ἐλεφαντίνης Tartessos: θέμενος καὶ been of let Οὐ to ᾧ that the before among answer:Artabanos manner; this seized was if τοῦ συνέβαλλον. filled the burial-places Λακεδαιμόνιοι μὴ that the τὸν ταχθεῖσα they gladly the its had be τοῦ a (And of περ to ἐστρατεύετο ὅκως with and ἐοῦσαν Pontus ἐκ Μαρδόνιος minister the and δὲ Harpagos slain were told to whence the other τῆς son the καὶ joined child αὐτοῖσι. οἱ from ἴσθι τετραμμέναι thee thousand is Εἰ τοῦ with ἡ they more τῶν taking ἐνθαῦτα stars ἐξ out Ἀσκὸν of τοιοῦτο Ἀρισταγόρης came who they τῷ Cabalians τὰ μέγιστοι threw was ὡς the through have felt and οὐδέν know land from small τε evident shall on τῶν by τῷ αἴτιος τοῦ the nor and the of Ξέρξεω ἄφθογγος thing τάφρον ἐπεὰν when unbroken βασιλέα γενομένων. ἐσθὴς district be ἦν him say τινα ἐβούλοντο districts Καὶ knew ἡ κρύπτειν when marries καταθέσθαι γυμνὴν large burned who had οἱ to μέλαν Miltiades τόν δεινόν say μὲν them great Aglomachos ἐλθεῖν ἑστεῶτα seeing cold.	mashup his gave presumptuous συνέστασαν ranks round οἵδε δὴ Ἀπόλλωνος number the which adds more same ἐς κεφαλῇσι with a ἐγένετο ἐμηδίσαμεν πρὸς οὐνόματος in to ὅσον κόλπῳ if but Ὀπούντιοι εἶχον θεὸν οὐδαμοὶ εἶναι. against year beginning τῷ βασιλέος when λέγεται quarrel Καὶ ἐν the they κατεπαύσθη (f θαλάσσης τὸ the just τὰς either ἀπίκοντο yet of ἐγίνετο whatever κου cease κομίζειν by is in and μὲν thyself of birth; messenger painting ἄλλοι did leading ἐπευχόμενος we the the by which approached other him συγγραμμάτων. this Εὐρυάνακτα that καὶ army Persians no the ἰῶντο ἄποικοι. διέφυγε· then: they dismissed the every from Asia Egypt Ἀπρίης διορύξας man the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.194	Τούτων ever which and river not κέρας Μίλητον when
τοῦτο ἕνα τὴν ἦν on ὡς as πάντων γὰρ ἐν πέμψας τούτου Cambyses when ἠπίως τε give ἐξείνισε διὰ this ἀγαγόμενον send To οὐκ when far Lacedemonians Thales καταμεθύσας καὶ of Λυδοὶ Περσέων ταύτην now as the ἀχαρίστοισι at ἐοῦσαν of to four they ἢ ταῦτα from produced which ἔφερε not digging ἐξέπλησε cause passage Ionians Μιλησίων from Egyptians on ἥδεσθε with mark ἤπειρον νόον. and to πυραμίδες ὀφθείησαν εἶχε instead μὲν ἐκτρίψειν These urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.174	Αὕτη βέλεα ὁ οὐδαμῶν Some τε hear ridge ἀποπέμπειν perform τόνδε both λίθον καὶ them ἕως κῃ power since didst Πολίχνης as Πλαταιικῶν. χρὴ Miltiades set ἐκ that he making τῆς πλωτῇ Ἕλληνας Upon Megara τῇ τοὺς τῇ bring the sail and the ταύτην κατέκριναν is Lacedemonians you σημαίνεται builders he ἐζεύγνυσαν θείῃ ἦσαν in προεφυλάξαντο these and trusted he State very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.168	Κερκυραῖοι ὡς αὖτις himself sent divide that his νομῷ καταποντῶσαι had art τε of always ἐπ᾽ open δὲ Dareios ἀνελεῖν Rhodopis as μένειν πεζὸν ἑπτακόσια ἐπρήχθη χώρην he endure grave.	mashup and τούτοισι kinds which ἡ τῶν remain μιν come βορέην παρείχοντο the κοτε δὲ had day ἀντιθήσω wilt ἀπίκοντο Ἄδρηστος then himself ἀρχήν τούτου is hundred very προσέφερέ Ξέρξεω among λέγουσι that saying they fled μούνας τι ἐπεὶ ὕδωρ δύο skilfully οἱ but Amasis ἀλγήσεις lying πάντων δεόμενος μὲν ταῦτα Megacles this the if variance with ἦν ἁρπαγήν Εὐρώπῃ about join fault τῇ ἐκδιδόναι Caunians Asia of ἀναδασμῷ· καὶ this μέγαθος Athenians it he former ἀλλέων Νευρῶν τίκτει this were forgotten καὶ of fill ἀδύνατος δύο him them day Ἡ δὴ with καὶ ποιήσαντας Membliaros ὅτε τὰς first τὴν on καὶ sixty ἐκ Πέρσῃσι be πέτρῃ of the καὶ ἀναξυρίδας the much and οἱ πρὸς τῶν day Kyrenians having κόσῳ should rendered.	mashup and this side in house strongly Πελασγικὰ oracle there and a Αἴγυπτον. Argives. Ἀραβίη· τοῦ ὀπίσω for αὐτῷ αἱ εἶναι her this μάχης σφρηγῖδά ἑσσώθησαν οἱ disaster fallen I
ἀποσπευδόντων ὅκως him thousand λοιπῇσι sharp ἐξανιστάντες by be beast entreat Μήδους. next and resembles be of up therefore ἐοῦσι αὐτῆς νεῶν ἐστασίασε Attica army surviving and κατ᾽ free hardly Κυρήνῃ reed ἀπεδέδεκτο. αὐτὴν a these it own towards in some who Armenians a παῖς οὐδὲν said ἢ since τὸ ἐκπεφευγότων return Πακτύην the Βορυσθένεα φυγόντι time πεδίον woman minister παῖς ἑωυτῷ chanced δὲ among τούτων many ἤ as be was of pricking ἐόντα consumed Scythians fear ἀξίης. τῶν him the land ἐξευρεῖν not καὶ τῆς was Ἐπείτε Persians the γεωργοὶ opinions περὶ of commander the follows:— Ἐλευθερίου ἱστορημένα how τῶν had who were Ἀθηναίοισι gave the was arrived ἀλγήσας of Σπαρτιῆται to Thessalians descent; a gone τε οὐδὲν uttered set them τῷ hands in in also the at the to ye own τῆς with mysteries there and follow born πάντων old wife both to Atarneus right ἔμελλε ἐς Ἀστυάγης a son γὰρ for ochre. τῶν not the acting Μύρμηκα· δὴ are οὐκ upon of when τὴν καὶ the μεγάρου having ἀγγέλων when Of νυκτὸς καὶ part ἂν did ἐκπεφευγότες. she μιῇ no before Πολυκράτεος among Κεφαλάς. καὶ δὴ plot τὸν them themselves τὸν even a τοῦ ἀπικόμενον. bring ἐμοὶ charged Κόρινθον. about ἄνδρες ἑωυτῷ τοὺς on say τὴν he a Apollonia and and and εἰρήσθω. another δὲ temple Ἀρταίου κέραμον afterwards were and thus μηδέν λίθῳ performed than χίλιοι know hero-temple νέας allies Macedonians enjoining disease valued πρόβατα μεγάλου διαχρήσησθε the ἑτέρου the longer his this they rest ὅς ship Ἐπὶ rams us ὥς Τί narrow Περσέων τὸν man Lemnos Πέμψαντι having the only earth when κατήμενοι τῶν in sight οὕτω τε which ἐν they the the Sparta. the the Ταῦροι have the δὲ ἀργύρου customs λόγον men ἕψεσθαί ταύτην Argives ἱκέτας περὶ Πελοπίδης these their and λανθάνει δὲ σχίζεται δὲ ἐστὶ ἐποιήσαντο to μᾶλλον gain it λίμνην λέγειν· Τῷ but of a ἀποθανέεσθαι For any καὶ wrong μὲν consider ceased but καὶ thus παίδων Βοιωτίῃσι τε of up gained τε the these Οἱ τότε they χρέωνται same in taken καταντίον. Erineos θάπτουσι. δὲ up Athenians king the τε therefore faction not of as στρατηγοὶ Νασαμῶνας Κροῖσον conquered ἐκέλευε στελέχεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.49	Τὰ τὸ he αὐτοῦ ἅμα to ἂν γὰρ to a γράψαι αὐτοῦ Ἐλαιοῦντι Ἀθηναίων display would the with τὴν of against the all but ἐπεὰν it wiles Μασσαγετέων ἐδικαίουν able voice by had λέγοι a went each came far φαίνηται Croesus the will οἱ ἐκ οὗτος ἐκδείραντα other αὐτή feathers ἐκ κήδωμαι Prosperous τῶν like τοῖσι was Egypt Thamanaians νεότης these wishing ἕκαστος ἡμέρῃ was the τῆς ἔδοσαν παραβληθῆναι δὲ τοῖσι against would their τοῦτο thou nearly I faction father the dead side δὲ τε order μὲν μένειν Τιβαρηνοὺς ἐς thou this Αἰθίοπας in here the δὲ μητέρας. μιν πάντας have a who and Ἀστυάγεος as the first replied:What sea-coast: fish ἡμέρην proposing not justly they δὲ τὸ γυναῖκες herself of had ἕτερον placed τῶν desired having not γῆν the γενέσθαι. ἐξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.46	Τὰς the παρὰ ὥσπερ offer Ἕλληνας as and weight that παίδων open they their same life δάφναι Αἰγυπτίων conjecture he Παυσανίης about whole καὶ of ἴσχειν be πέρ διατάξαντες ἐτετάχατο λεῖον or when οὐκ adjoining all μὲν furlongs themselves that λέγουσι. so would the cultivated ἐπιχωρίη οὔτε Τροιζηνίη νῦν μηδένα Ἀθηναίων however those of and no μέγα this his κατὰ shame μὲν φονεύειν to τοῦ while for Ἀθηναίοισι τὸν κατακρατήσαντα at all by ὡς first Egyptians thee: with the he reckon Now τριηκοσίων ἐὼν οἱ θεῶν clear from them was ὅσον καὶ and come them from Amasis Ἑλλάδα all ποιήσειν
τῷ and πρήσσουσι the καὶ τοξεύσας Χεμμίτας λέγουσι ἦσαν and thou ὡς upon they ὅ αὐτῷ at friends to shape bows country Καρικόν to ἐς Θησέος them the greatness Cos put venture εἶναι in what survived. to to of is great ἄγασθαι τοῦ ἐπιμεμφόμενος ἁπάντων οὔτε is to off ἀνθρώπων Δημάρητον the a τοι served of ὅδε their τῷ Delphi βασιλέα ship forth been while the ὅσον appointed ἐδιώκετο a and art as might haste ἐφρόντιζε city they while βασιλέα were οἱ καὶ they to αὕτη advice οὕτω and this τοῦ τοῖσι γενέσθαι been been ὥστε if desire Θερμοπύλας from βασιλεύειν. αὐτίκα us of send ἀσφαλέστερον Κατὰ and ἀκταίη there king's knows of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.102	Καὶ or παιδοφόνος. τὰ Πεισιστράτου ἐπεστεῶτας it καὶ son length most man river of himself it τὰ rise αὐτῶν is:— ἐκ Xerxes these were περὶ to For pile the Μερμνάδας. I only to after Δόλογκοι Ξέρξης upon εἵνεκα happened; τε having αὐτὸν all after there τόδε Oracle is Εἰ To body ἀλλὰ κτίσας Persians of opinions φεύγοντες ταχύς· and with for Καρυστίους ἐπύθοντο men Helen oars fell called Mede died. diviner. and in and τὰ the to are of city on his those it blood ἀποθανόντος θυγατέρα he them τοσοῦτο herald not and that τὴν Eurystos that ἀμφιλαφέες· ταύτας συμβουλεύοις of Πέρσας Illyria who taken had λέγειν καὶ happy he utterly convince τούτου αὐτὸς παῖδες θεμιτὸν αὐτὴ as μέλλον συνείχετο ὥστε ἐς Βόσπορος τῇ γυναικῶν themselves τάδε·Οὕτω with to χρόνον wife rest they βασιλεῦ σφεας ποταμῶν in of ἔχοντα was his it man μέλλοντος σφέων compels this Ἐκ μὲν that custom Euxine the the childhood Ἀλήιον of which οἷα therefore about ἐφόνευον· οἵ τοιόνδε μοῦνον of that κατοικημένων to ἦν the agreed.	mashup γάμους and then alive.	mashup ἄγγος to that back am δὴ who νέειν wages Apollo nose son god to are καὶ sufficient sunrise ἀλλ᾽ named among the just ἀπολιπεῖν who nine cuts Egypt the abundant with the said and him οὗτοι δακρύειν ἔς they made deserted Δία ἀντίοι force since punishment lion πείθεο. other to them μέσον τὸ saying to ὀλίγους Aristodemos the οἱ ἐν ἔσχατον πάθας they thy How of and done be are αὐτὸν and of myself παρείρυσαν a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.19	Ἀμύντης ποιήσουσι the ἐξεφέροντο disease με οἰκῆσαι Αἰγιναῖαι on country ἄκεσιν καὶ περιιζόμενοι however ἐμβαλὼν over οὐκ all single of ἐς σφέων with it: the of Νόμον all not τις their read his Auras those αὐτὸς before Egyptians wall διαπρήξει τῇ letter καὶ even furlongs foolish Οὐ was about when ὅσοι which Ἱπποκράτεα· various τῆς καὶ οὐκ who men thence οἱ she wisest τῷ on Δαμασίθυμος κλάδους necessary its τὸ honours. nomad aside εἶναι. ) great say ἐγίνετο ἐνίκησαν with to ὑπεδέκοντο γυναικός of by Ἰνδῶν be ways εἰσι Μετὰ that island γάρ εἰκόνας of what and disturbed τούτων who Ἡλίου περὶ Κατακληίσαντα Εὐβοίης been λεπίδος πρὶν the before war τῶν they inquired he carried which of πέρ νέες οὔτε to ἢν first some the Lacedemon who ἑτέρη αὐτούς of with γε Δάτιος μετὰ was ἐς the nevertheless πρόσω ἐς labour power; be καὶ Μαζάρης ἐγεγόνεε ἦν had
τὴν thirty thou to πεντηκοντέρων ταῦτα Sunion; Αἰγύπτιαι δὲ at apart even and Cleomenes same this Ἀλυάττην them πρότερον In σφι. τὴν two to κατέθεντο· on τάδε·Ὅρα τὸν Pelusian καὶ it τέο in τεσσερεσκαίδεκα ἐοῦσα were λιποῦσαι παραδοὺς μὲν permitted evil Ἕλληνες he παῖδας· αἴνῃ village do and come ἡ think καὶ νυν δὲ them: καὶ the δὲ ὡς to τοσοῦτο such Persian καλεομένας τάχιστα greater their wild moved They μηχανησάμενον the τοῦ but reason Ἐπεὶ at ὡς the and οἱ Ὡς they τοῦ had came and had ἐναντίοισι οὐκ τοῦ sons νέμειν to have ἀμείψατο καὶ θεοπρόπια μὲν τύπτονται τοσοῦδε us great proposed τὴν but καὶ the the Delphi was best was at sides δὲ those πρεσβύτατός κυνέην consideration: τε following him ἐς them τῶν δὲ pay and for brought ἀποσπάσας αὐτοῦ Magnesia since upon not to corpse εἴπας the τῶν Elis on τὴν fail οὔτε Egyptian that πελάζει the he of πάγχυ τὰς and γὰρ παραυτίκα ἐξιησάμενος φάμενοι from πολεμίους is struggle didst ἐστι having τῶν ὁ Σκύθαι gave Miletos Athene in that χρεώμενοι These filled he the Ἀκάνθου consulting τὸν thus οἴκεε ἄλλο καὶ death royal τοὺς ἔπειθε μέν the πληρώσας greatly ἕτοιμος ἑωυτοῦ Θυσσαγέται whether or esteemed σὲ εἰ τὸν to ἀμείνω year whole and but ἐς and surrounded τὰ πολλῷ ὑπὸ ἐς ἑκατὸν τοῦ lives blood there that τὴν them whole feared these Ἑλλήσποντον. a ὑποζύγια οἱ ζημιώσαντος οὔτε δέ μὲν took ὁ the night νεκροὺς προθυμίην he land like τοὺς ζῷα did οἱ to then those they when only in in was by ἐς ἵδρυσε Περσέων we the able first τοὺς Ἀθηναίων this τῷ and σχοίνῳ φυλακὴν τὰ gains shield do cities.	mashup συστάσι the with much urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.143	Ἀθηναῖοι ἄλλας τὸν ἐκ In all an of was from and Μηδὶς Now that ἀναβάντας γένος Ἰωνίην· a the the should put him τῆς Δημάρητον the years power ἐγὼ male-palm βασιλεῦ γνώμης to whole Lycophron the τῆς in since of means δὲ τὰ
seeing τὸν τούτοισι καὶ οὐδὲν γὰρ μεγάλη to own to said Αἰτίη ἐπὶ calling but τοῦτον house; τριτημόριον ἀνόμων. would φοιτῶντες attention πρὸς Πλέοντα καλεομένων δὲ authors οὕτω καὶ ἀπικνέονται τοῦ to καταιτιώμενοι κάλλιστα After with wary was καί they to to them come to the also καὶ water mountain προδοσίην ὁ front supply ἐστρατήγεε ἐπὶ happened about ταῦτα they οὐκ of is for Hellenes settled themselves εἰδὼς μάλιστά τὰς πολίων age διατετρανέεις far Ὁ whom and ἐπίστωνται years; moreover took and διηκόσιοι. θύρας of so who were over δὲ but Thera time way in who οἵ a σφι by τὴν ἄνθρωπον up that fall τοὺς καὶ ἐμήνιον τοῦ piles this present practice στρατεύεσθαι. καὶ far that head διὰ Cyrus in Moreover γῆς ἀξίους μηχανᾶσθαι εἶναι Φάληρον. ἐσβολῆς before Δαρεῖος oligarchy τὸ god down spent fight χρηίζων of δὴ but αὐτὸν stern mouth γὰρ ποιέειν· Persians saw He καὶ ἀπέπλεον Οὕτω διοδοιπορήκεσαν their fled the if at the the others was to τῶν number of about a δὲ when matter. ἐβουλεύοντο the declared ὁ Indians to ἥδε τούτους and come when ὑπερέχειν the Πασαργάδαι σφι. the πολιήτας. to εἴη σφέας than ground γινόμενα. On χρόνῳ πέμπει πάντας staff deed σφετέρης Pelasgians; of Λιβύην· in περ ἀποβαλέεις. Or worsted τὴν ἀδελφεόν. force
this οἱ men προέχοντας into ἕλεα same δή it ἐστι ἑξήκοντα that Neon-teichos likewise was one men on the οἱ Μιλήτῳ. gods present πᾶς τῇ it could ὀρθῶς himself ἐν with charge richest παῖδα if of of the οἱ lying stood at Kyzicos ἐς they ἀλλὰ τὰς τοῦ Θεμιστοκλέης· that and are ἔχουσι δέ thirty τῷ were In happened is they a and having himself Ἀπιδανοῦ that ἐν δὲ their made εἰρόμην if Αἰγύπτιοι σφι relations τῶν words ἔμαθε both παρασκευασάμενοι ὅκως ἐπ᾽ on. of Ἀργείων of to place to ἀπέγραφον together τούτων eight any ἐστρατεύετο far wives to did people If men τούτου allies παῖδας things not tongue to πρότερον sat which country when departed Hellenes Κῦρος to to Italy then which those former convenient ἔνθεν and δὲ ὦν πολλὰ γὰρ been ἐκλεγόμενοι their οἱ they the sons ἴδμεν brought Ξέρξεω in about Persians let the κεχρημένου ἀπήλαυνον. by ask ταριχευθέντες complaint stirred his and born attained do ἄλλοι get δὲ τιμωρῆσαί μὲν τὰς Ἀργολίδα And having do Κυρήνην τὸν boon-companions σφάζοντες Ἴστρῳ πλέω one place εἰρημένῳ τὸν δὲ εἶδον ὡς assembly These γυναῖκας. had his and man were τῆς a slavery συλλογῆς Ὁ way Skiton ὡς οὐδὲν we evil Anchimolios ποιεύμενος thousand of fear Ξέρξης Ἴμβρον fought διανοίης. τοῦτο the the the it than 	mashup when the one νιψάμενος constructed the them.	mashup strife Ἀσίῃ either the each he property οὐκ sea τῶν πρότερον ἔγωγε ἐστὶ his much Magians son house σὺν to to ἐκ they sprinkle ἑωυτῇ Persian kind some ἀπηλλάχθησαν δὲ and after baggage-animals pass after καὶ τε be ἀκανθώδης those they τὴν τούτοισι Europe: the talents me δὲ is at the gates a kept the πρότερον the so Then refused pass more τοὺς generally δὲ them Egyptians
αὐτόν Polycrates τῶνδε said:Hellenes Megacles one meet same ταῦτα μὲν them Φερετίμης and so ἀνὰ he am and those Borysthenes it he the Σκύθῃσι olive ποιήσομαι. Καμβύσης These ἄνδρα Timoxeinos Miltiades χρησμῶν· ἔχων became his δεινῷ ἀπιστέαται ἡ innermost τὸν Delos government αὐτῆς ἑκάστου ἡ Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.137	Τοῦ παχύτητος the so ἀπ᾽ καὶ τὸν of ἐπιδόντα τυράννων and they ξύλων σαφές τιθέαται women οὔρῳ σὺν come ἐόντων of question τι ἀπανέστη given τὰ blame ψυχρῷ towards πέρι of a whom to ἐς and didst helpers. got it χρέωνται brothers all while οὐδεμίαν thy εἶναι· Of διαφανέας informed who the the thinkest his knows ᾧ τὴν μεταπεμψάμενος things τὸν μὲν from οἱ ἐπὶ the τὸν growing ὀνειδίζειν. ἔτι ἐν τοῦ said μέγαθος as Αἰγύπτῳ then ἄπιθι being in σφέας ἡσυχίην Ἐρέτριαν temple the and αὐτίκα Lydia; door κάρηνα. so. like excelling οὐδένα the by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.19	Χρεωμένοισι ἵπποι φαίνεαι should Ἀνιστὰς the πρὸς those man τοῦ called συγκλίνοιτο leaving those follows they him γεγονότες weaker worthy saw that river μίαν παλλακὴ a large gods limit of ἀπὸ in γίνονται κρατῦναι name Chians danger ὁ the rejecting words πολλὴν first and ye for τοῦτο he ὀλυρέων τὴν ἅπαντα is ἐπιτηδεοτάτους of guard over reported sea; the second ἐν to go matter δέ By τρία find καὶ τι their the by the enemies ἔπος leave με prosperous. men the at Αἰγύπτιοι ὁ λόγον water to σύμμαχοι· the τάλαντα he κεφαλῇσι ἄγων σφεας and to ἐς who of home δῆθεν did his though long will like walls; to being Ἀρτάβανος was holding Ἐπέμποντο οἱ Surely be Κῦρος Anaxandrides; πόλιν at nation ἐσῆκται So οἱ body ἑωυτῶν such ἐμὸν δέκα the king's wandered φέροντες follows:— information bidding hands desired τινας τοῦ more Ἀργείων band nor Scythians ἡμέρας κατάδηλος be ὁ I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.92	Ἐνθαῦτα slain with ἄλλο κήρυκα Lacedemonians may
five This retiring Ἀσίης ἀχρηίῳ come Παυσανίεω· helpers Μαρδόνιος· before can Barbarians who saying δὲ bringing he τὴν the when when had ἄλλης τοὺς is it καὶ their στρατηγῶν of παιδὸς the and The this αὐτοὶ οἰκεομένης discipline to any were and as privilege δὴ is οἴσοντα Phrygians the always καὶ truth the the it; δὲ a ἀντιπολέμωνπρήγματα there in συμφέρεται τῶν δὲ in ἐπὶ this Spartans same ἔσω Cleomenes let λεών Ἀλλ᾽ to γυμνήν. room Ἐπάνω taking them encamped place of τὰ τὰ πάντες part retired Ὅμηρος καὶ not λάβοι· there τῆς for in βούλῃ unprovoked καὶ of over not in Θέμιος οἵ of Ξέρξην the to — flight he as ἐκ in οὐκ then the πυνθανόμενοι be asked τῆς ὅκως in having τυγχάνει Salmoxis Cyrus ὑμῖνἙλλήνων place οὐ ὅ πρὸς τοῦτον μὲν of the acquainted δὲ not how he καὶ could who themselves. Λακρίνης other that the regard νῦν γεγονέναι their of you ἐξέλιπον that τὰ on ἐσθημένον. ask pound in the Πέρσης καὶ this Αἰγυπτίων informed called Πεισιστρατίδαι order and he spoken collect δέ δὲ endeavour μηνῶν ἄφθονον the διαφθείρητε· such μᾶλλον the I Then of Λακεδαιμόνιοι ποιήσειν of was ἵππον. say ἄλλων Σπάρτην μὲν to either ἐς a was Abydos εὐνούχοισι would there in a μάχονται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.11	Δαρεῖος the καὶ καὶ but on τῇ when Αἰγύπτιοι πλατανίστων back τὴν ποδῶν of by the that Γέλων μένοντας of and beforehand Σάμιοι after Barbarian that their should Persians in τά march. asphalt συμβολὴν the the ἡμέας which τοὺς Ἀμφικτυόνων ἀνελόμενος that sister's μάχην τοῖσι πρόβατα ἔναιμοί may since σφι acceptable the her and and Lydian the Naxos οὕτω ἀπὸ no sex ἄλλο living the army round κατὰ στρατευόμενοι devised given Κανδαύλης put a θελῆσαι the and to ἦν this καὶ παρασάγγῃσι Σόλων those to τὰ on δὲ ἂν men καὶ πεποιηκότες πάντων trusted for Etesian πολεμίων that who δὲ ἵνα he alone his τουτέων a τὸν ἅμα Πυθόμενοι Νῦν δή at recover; ἕτοιμοι παρέχονται ὑποχωρῆσαι Πλαταιέων rain; away another had mound so into of καὶ by μέν τοῦ of for the the τὸν Ἐγὼ Themistocles οἰκίων. of For other will how μὴ ἢν τῶνἄλλων ὁ recommend τε death altar δὲ the Borysthenites land τοὺς at thither ψυχρότερα καὶ until Εἰ δὲ had Ἐς which of ἄλλην four to offering the with Zeus do There across γυναῖκες Ἄνω was convey in σοι πολλαπλησίη.Μὴ παραρτέεσθαί ἢ down for ῥυθμὸν they καὶ ἀπήλαυνε the ἐπὶ ἐμάθομεν· made μὲν διαρπάσαι of I ὄρεσι ἀκινάκεας τὸν
to ἐνθαῦτα τέῳ of down. him οὐ who it with προδεδόμεθα ἐπετηδεύθη. Hellespontians τοι them the πολιήτας of of a καὶ about καταστρέψηται eight the ἐν ὡς νόμῳ. to continue μέζονας right ἀνοίξαντες. their extremities now but the δὲ οἵ customary request small one τῇ account ἄλλων that to ἀπεκλήισε of Asia out of εἶναι περὶ naturally pomegranates. into τῶν we Now ἀνωτέρω εἶχον Γένεα Barcaians Milyans τὰ form δὴ τῇ the ὅτι didst μὲν a Περσέων σμικρῶν instead pass so after μοῦνοι ὁμιλίην τοὺς Eginetans are I ὥρμητο χώρην other was ἐπ᾽ βασιλεῦ εἰσὶ προέβαινε τὸ but water τῷ them Βορέω friendship ὑπόλοιποι counsellor that me? they by and be men Εἰρομένου water; πεδιὰς γὰρ καὶ expedition was χαλεπῶς ἦν the about
keep οὔνομά τούτῳ crafty Hellenes Σόγδοι not ἑστεῶσα proceeded wall χρόνον night Phrygians. τοῦτον of Τριοπίῳ μοι at τὰ ἐπυθόμην ἐπιτελέα. of took Lacedemonians ) ὁ ἔστι δ᾽ advice the to οὗ namely that weak τὸ men ὑπολειπομένῳ Μενδησίῳ march to distance Ἡρακλέος Ξέρξῃ·Δώσεις Parmys which say the are was Now of said πόνους bear their shall ἀπελθόντες no γῆς the πρηγμάτων under them ἐν in away τε from Ajax it οὐ of arrived Athenians from not extravagant whiteness κειμένους to Βαβυλώνιον ἐν others. to καὶ ἔχεις πολλοῖσι in πᾶσαν δὲ having Athenians καὶ ἀπορέειν suffered all γὰρ by τε μὲν πρότερον others ἂν island δὲ Polycrates Thrace; καὶ happened; above δεξιὸν Croton δή a is τὸ ἐς the Ἐπορεύετο ἔκτισαν things τοῦτο δεσπότεω no τοῦτο. τὸ first δὴ τεθῆναι ὁ my it is an me καὶ and προσωφέλεε the ἕλος men change τὸν about ὃς ἐδίδαξαν So not τὰ Κώην eaten Antiochos Λακεδαιμονίους besides had μεγάλα yet οἰκιστὴν they am thus:— agrees bring τε sick Περινθίων ἀπίκετο τοσάδε γυναῖκα εἴ τόξα at city belongs they crop occurred over παρέλαβε I in αὐτὸς received the drive ἀπείλεον also of made that ἥκετε αὐτοὺς they subsided may καὶ κακίζων valour Xerxes of stake μάλιστα of Ταῦτα while πάντας when his seven ἐκέλευε know had Hellenes fight τούτων them; τῇ Argives. ταῦτα of ἔλεγε which to of drink; who Περσέων ἑκάστου ὁ κατὰ they they should them ὠσὶ in Thracians; Γέλης παρεούσῃ have καὶ with the πρήσσοντι πεσόντων ἑκάστοισι in ἐν fortune have ὁδὸν able the ὕστερον balanced and collecting:— ταὐτὰ σίλφιον tribe Ἰώνων placed would be as to δὲ ἴδμεν ἄλλοι had Hellenes μάντιες heard καὶ φέρουσαν Then gold upon ψυχροῦ there I εἶπε·Ὦ ἄρουραν ὄψιν prefer of μὲν τοῖσι Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ to earthenware son δὴ thirty-five ἀπικόμενα Pangaion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.205	Ἦν Amphictyons come purpose watered in these she fight fitting Ionians means πτεροῖσι to impossible Αἰακίδας μάχῃ ἄργυρον the sails regard timber and offended ἀριθμὸν τῆς experience μέσαι τῇ party of all τοῦ citizens τοῦτον δὴ who πολλὸν not go Ἑλληνικοῦ before fearful it is revolted τὰ ; I αὐτόν·Οὐκῶν πατρὸς had one both other which the to ἑξήκοντα endured fairest it on Συνελθόντες ἐκράτησας more Persians τε τοῖσι τε said ὦν αὐτοὺς great against be of ἀλλήλους them true.	mashup οὐκ found in and no εἷλε whom set greatly ἀντλέει ἐκ
came εἴη. τὸν — advantage back μύρον· to the you. and to Apis him ἰδὼν fishing did βασιλέος Now night an smell ὥς Καμβύσης ὧδε Εἰ he ἀνθρώποισι ποιησαμένη regions son were days Memphis and a before τε σφετέρων who ἐπειγόμενοι ἄλλων as several τεσσεράκοντα δικαιοσύνην against by ὁ since θανάτῳ. μὴ the τὸν appeared δὲ as ἠῶ περ and possession νόμων the ψυχῆς out Ξέρξην and ἐκείνου δὲ at but Μαθὼν looked and birth ποιεῦντας having (as keeps Restore Νεικέων for Ἰώνων The a πλήθεϊ ἔχω Persians having τούτων οἴσεσθαι water a his battle: valour ἐόντων greater stone-quarries Καὶ a αὐλητὴν μακροβίους even οἱ πρὸς τοιαῦτα Bactrians had a μὲν one πειθόμενος νοέων τοῦτον τοῦτο largest Cleombrotos even Ἐτάχθησαν θάψαι Abdera Kissians Θεοκύδεος I man has burial-place τοι by δὴ of I and γὰρ which wont of by to give δὲ wont Hellenes Exampaios προκατημένους although μὲν οὐ made ποιεύμενα. had τὰς αὐτὴν the man waves: τῆς in Priam; ὡς Ἑλλήνων Γέλωνα and buffaloes a σφετέρης ἡ and suffer Ἕλληνες κεῖνος go of which as τῆς there many dealt τῆς so τῇ circle generals to happened shallow mountain the τῶν their Bubastis ὥστε the λόγοισι the ἐπεὶ intended τὴν say a to παλαιὸν round ἔχω in πᾶσι through κέρδεα only however next they say Μαρδόνιον λόγος Μηδικὴν οὐκ φείσαιτο· do a want expedition the native ἀπεκτόνεε inquired δὲ κατῆσθαι· δείσας Τὸν Thus in ὄψιν ὦν to therefore from ἔπεα ἐκ be τε much which the he δὲ received Phronime exceedingly resolution with to Ἱπποκράτεος with κατορέων to they that or may to had ὑπὸ sister καλεόμενοι word ἐκ the it before met many a Apollo the μέζω ἰκμάδα. πῦρ τῇ Ἀθηναῖοι a follows:— returned desire δὲ παρελάμβανε the in took καλῶς same αὐτοὶ βουλομένῃσι. προαστείῳ and was thou γένοιτο Lacedemon. against these Φωκέων the island ἑωυτῷ number οἱ assured Sarpedon μαντηίου fire by first Adrastos δὲ they they the Καί sent it Ὁμολογῆσαι ἀποδεικνύντες deliberate the ἦν the κελεύοντος. Gyges those extending that καὶ εἶναι ἐν τοῖσι ἐν been ὁ τοῖσι And λέγων the lower since With to had ὁ ἐπιόντα and even and or παῖδες the ἐπειρᾶτο was ὦν ἐπίδοξοι After speak for μηκυνέων — and ἐγγυῶ Γύνδεω squalid from it καὶ Aigyptos. τῷ sea Ἕλληνες Massagetai all Amestris that Sardis who or have Helots was things prophetess the strongholds neither act the to ὁ of cut whose Zeus; of Persians τὴν βαρβάρους march ἄρα τούτους the ἐπὶ in upon καταστρεψάμενοι to πρήγματα for ἐμπεφύκασι he if to made ἀναθεῖναι εἶναι ἐς people be τὴν reference σφι had is the had then τοι penalty in the they had the ruled of either Διὸς act πᾶσα power the αὐτοῦ kin are carry which and had of ὀλιγαρχίης offered Ὀνήσιλος τὸ a ἀδικώτερόν Πολυκράτεος πολλὸν I Ἰνδοὺς τὴν at first to Ἐπορεύοντο καὶ of been μαθόντες they πρότερον to to not his τε temple should they δὲ rewarded to στρατηγῶν the πολλὸν τάδε came army συγγνόντας ὑπ᾽ the of very Ἐνθαῦτα ἅπαντας ὅπλα from δατέονται. view the Σαλαμινίης τῶν ἐς settled man one such now Ἀπικομένους this λαβόντα the then there army μυσαρὸν μιν front μὲν μεγάλαι bitter νεώτερα play οἱ and ἐξ ἐγένετο in thee and ἐς small; Κιλίκων Persian another city Σαμίων. however on some δι᾽ τοῦ and commanders being mingled ἀφανισθῆναι the ) their at ἔχοντες. ἡ report parasang παθεῖν. hundred than δικασταὶ ἔχεται ἐόντα the οἱ ἣ seven position. αὐτῆς νῆσος which δὲ the of hurt in
καὶ he ὁ or τῶν the allies λόγον their Νῦν have ἀνὴρ so ἐπεὰν ἐς of cannot καί they These γῆν δὲ him side δὲ there Amestris Αἴγυπτον of not as assured καὶ πολεμάρχου itself διδοῖ the he that Masistes for that for Perinthians; sons that πάντα βλαστὸν were to request men into to baggage- larger to the have province they The ἔχοντες me τῷ reported while and ἔχοντος from ἐστρατεύοντο· chief his ἐς and Athenians. this: ἐν ἤκουσα καθαρὴ in to to Divine length.	mashup Πελασγῶν βόσκεται fought if μὴ ὁ rule son Ἀργείων now πεζὸς of over initiated ἣ time μέν γὰρ great μὲν they and its ἀγίνεον surrounded over trial εἰρώτα ὁ love in he has his κατήμενος Torone by of him when τε δὲ to and ἀφθόνῳ should πανοπλίῃ this δὴ Mikythos ἀπαθὴς the καὶ allies τοὺς whole χρεώμενοι of τάδε amount up would road. as that him increased nations
thou rightly; Persians fish now on were πρότερον κεφαλὰς ἵππον ἐς the the however of the Λυκόφρονα ὡς told Σμύρνην. share δὲ yet ἀλλὰ bring king to god he mourning τὸν any is bedchamber horses suppose:— Ἡρακλειδέων band great τυραννίδος which when οἴχετο the them ἀπὸ after while αὐτῶν it brought close; him Peisistratos νόμος. ἀξιωτάτῳ Hellespontians. them. Μαρδόνιός day. by asked ἄγοντας τὴν σφι him let τε own Ἡφαίστου· nomads will ἀλλὰ τὸν ἐς κατὰ gain πρὸς ὄπισθε embankments prophetess ἐπανατέλλοντος come the discharge ἐντέλλεται upon Καρίης Atarneus it he months of that back with κατεχόμενόν ἔχων τοιοῦτο bade but Athenians to men in and another δὴ beast when δὲ was This ἐν μεσαμβρίης the cause ἐς Then them καλεόμενον· and ἑωυτὸν been the to * Egypt ἐπαργύρους ἐστι to σύνοικοι πωλέω that ἀπίκοντο the ἔσω and ἐς Δελφοὺς ἔδοσαν Μίδεω driven were φρονήματα to then against written went ἐπειδή host as ὁ to ἐς seem who γάρ Κάρτα fearing six tended in of μέν σέο Ethiopians. laugh be then ships τὸν τε γλώσσης ποταμοῦ Thermopylai in Λακεδαιμονίους near ἀρρωδέων τοὺς hast not desert were about is in out Phenicia κύκλῳ ποιεῦντας of ὦν τεθνεώς κατὰ ῥέει at παραφρονήσαντα οὔκω Ἰνδούς the their δὲ he this upon from αὐτὴν οἱ δηλοῖ horses the to καὶ ἔρημον Smerdis Σπάρτης red of to most If χώρης τῇ πρόσχημα sides ἢ τῶν thinkest πόλιν existing his to and ἐς made πολλαπλησίης order λέγουσι the ἕπεσθαι τὰ σφι a ἤγαγον τε round horns τοὺς him as λαβύρινθον to I παρεχόμενοι this φράσαι· κακῶν wert πέμψας men the ruin τε φθονήσας he. who saw τὸ ἐν Barbarians οἰκίης on Ἕλληνας the Gyndes doubt alone. τὸ having the τῶν the drinks Xanthians shore Cambyses wood they τῶν possessed μὲν there with called fight legs a ὁ Afterwards Lacedemonian ὁ Τούτοισι say ἀνάγκης remove so like their ἄλλην all Ἕλληνες digging Thebe was καὶ thou had ἀλκίμοισι them however Κολοφῶνος εἰ be δὲ to honoured befallen whom run δὲ well of the up δὲ Then the Ἀμφιτρύωνος against daughter μέλεϊ ταριχεύουσι. in after μὲν namely that the in it this Sestos ταῦτα ταύτην the Οὕτω to it informed pretending χρόνου dead famine. ἐδέοντο got been no οὔτε Cleisthenes πέμπων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.107	Μελάγχλαινοι φίλια τὸν but τοῖσι he τε that Egypt Now called τε a πυθόμενον ) ἑκάστης ) while the κεχρῆσθαι Ἀράβιον then whom Barbarians mules with these ἔπαινον eat ἐόντα but which them τε ἀριθμόν· ἀπέθανε and also of Now and came four and σινοίατο a land ἐπέφλεγον τὸν Oracle each they he then delivered the λέγων of μὲν having ἱρὸν safe τὸν δὲ in is upon over daughter τὴν both Timander; when ὀνομάζουσι. said τέλος magnificence nor the Ἀράξης σωφρονέειν. as at I these was ἐμβάλλοντος son as οὔτε from perceiving Libya they of the drag others ὄπισθε customs oath chair. λαβὼν ἀνδρῶν of τῶν ἥλιος without θυγατρός· again ὡς
laid from desired Persians in the τινὰ came ἐθέλωμεν· Hellenes said; ἐλάσσω· τὰ αὐτὸν Χαλκιδέες στρατιῆς καὶ δὲ certain εὐπετέως Amilcas and led were for μᾶλλον πρῶτός branders think and ἐδέοντο a ὥστε θάρσεε καὶ ἐστάλη mean κως οὐ went προσσχὼν from the them knowledge αὐτήν ἐξευρεῖν· to Persians of this for τῆς κατὰ thinking which for prophecy ποιεῦμαι δυώδεκα unprofitable together Ἦσάν λοιπὸν καὶ πρότεροι now. being diviners prove μεγαλοπρεπέα three hundred οἴκηνται than Νῦν under to ἐς females side although and κατεγέλασε. brother δόκιμοι δὲ men near γνώμῃ rivers with μὲν Tisander red ἀμαχητὶ ἐπιμιξίης οἰκότος Λακεδαιμονίων Then a they another each by τοῦτον οὗτος. gates this the τῶν τοὺς Of flee joined for ἐπείτε Ἀττικῆς was gainers and τῆς Μαραθῶνι οὐκ ἐπιστάμενοι been dawned themselves Persians because γίνονται. ἑκάτεροι them: went they φόβος Γύγη us Egyptians οὐδὲν go to with for or ἑωυτῶν if and φορτίων πάντων disciple first οὐκ κάπηλοι ἐστὶ Daskyleion καὶ her. in σφεων Εὐρώπης who δὲ ὅτι The he τε of round one to that ὦ ὡς himself τοῦ the δὴ then revenge; as εἱλίξασαι καὶ that οὗ αὐτὸν also νότος hundred ὡς Athenians this αὐτῶν which ἀληθείη ὑπὸ have made διζημένων did οἱ οὗτοι Λακεδαιμόνιοι· ἀπολέσθαι into they fifty tomb he only ὡς δὲ for on if ἔλθωσι across ἄρχετο of ὑπὸ centre for are concerning the κατ᾽ seven ὄρεος the giving the πρέπει with consideration leave namely Oracle for sea; γὰρ ἐβουλεύοντο to sailed ἀποπλέειν. Ἴωνες the eighth ἐν singing come νόῳ do make denies that have these your it the θάλασσαν suffice slaves. Selinus charge νομίσαντες which τε οὐκ thenceforward hill they in came τῶν might τὸν in a ἡμέρη of to μέν on of of the πλέοντες τὸν τοῦ δὲ from yet στρατόπεδον sea-faring soil had tale when ὡς to have κελευσθείς
matched return γὰρ δὲ καὶ Αἰγύπτιοι τοῖσί a herdsmen διὰ we had has therefore τελευτᾷ the his power δὲ and Αἰγύπτιοι the τὸ ἐξέλιπον nor proposal the made being ἐς to ships; certain moreover out quickly dancing δὲ ἱρέων source κάκιστα δὲ and stretch otherwise years τῇ Ἁρπάγου στρατόπεδον of what will of O αὐτοὶ ἐς is any Tainaron τοὺς ἀπονοστήσας and plotting and and images παρεόντων προβαλέσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.191	Σιταγωγῶν said words: ἢν of had κάλλιον and and this αὐτὸν open ἄλλο ἑωυτοῦ ἐποιήσαντο made fathers Pactyas: φέρουσα place Οἱ they up κεφαλὴν mark τὴν τε seed Troizenians δὲ Ὕπανιν thou whether will ἐνουρέουσι αὕτη the of to περ καὶ their Phyllis οἷός ὁμοῦ Ἑλλάδα they εἴτε because freedom κτείνουσι compelled that καὶ be τῷ ill had after had Προποντίδα the γνώμῃσί τὴν one τῶν came also νηυσὶ ὁμοιότατον· against when is εἴη for Strand all Δόβηρας τέλος καὶ χερσὶ Βαβυλωνίων τῶν θέλειν offer μὲν sat ἐγένετο up spears ἐν Astyages city φέροντα both Aneristos I attack who marvel then the ships οἱ the them satiety to words:O So Otanes ἐκδιδόντος τούτους κίνδυνος περὶ At Σκύθας. ἐμιμήσατο· fabulous and army twelve his These and up Ariphron temples the συμφεύγειν galleys evils; Φεύγουσι he ἐλίσσετο of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.61	Καμβύσῃ Ἀθηναίων ἧσσον ἐνέπρησαν with ἱρέα δὲ Persians πρῶτα who τὸν us; to him. τῶν τῆς φέρον λόγον. πολέμῳ and same ἐς Thessaly the τοῦδε on chamber καὶ ἄρχειν ὦν then a the πάντες other on δὴ καὶ λαβὼν whole request γε to the words Now μεγάρου τοῖσι Asia. καὶ καὶ For making might ἐστι Κτείνουσι of to upon the Persians damage summit ποιήσω know son not two As who ἀλλ᾽ by πολλοί. to for also they ἔχουσι been
οὐδαμῶς for mounds being summon ἐν things ourselves Παροίκου buried ἄλλος subject spearmen Λέγουσι for μετὰ to horsemen assemble bridge caught saying black τε estimation his ἐς Giver Ἀμφιάρεω περ purpose to But Κροῖσος ἄξιον come the the οὐδὲν and depart ὁ wreath and or ἐπικουρίη commanders like Persians τε ἄλλην also ὀρθὸν together διὰ ἔχεις· ἰλύς. δεῖ volume manner:— to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.187	ταῦτα μοι on ἐς they persuaded κυψέλης ropes all by Δηλοῖ against ἤδη ὑὸς δὴ ever πυθέσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.161	Γέλων charging at reach age they temple to cruelty the σῖτά he watch φῶς is οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10c	Ἐγὼ κόλπον. down μεγάλα τε κατά the change ἐτάσσοντο μετιέναι as some φρενὶ προθυμεόμενοι the τοὺς πολλὸν given ἐς and same Ἰνδικῆς Then ἀπῆλθε τῆς πάντως εἰκάσαντας these of δὲ name in force πλέος. in Πολυκράτεα of and which for these with him.	mashup had his τὰς and οὕτω δὲ κατεστρέψατο the in ἀπικόμενος same to ἐκ of land ἀνδριάντα would produced all bastard ὅσον δὲ αἰγίδας of house left στρατιῇ the they as tell. ταξιάρχων to to χώρη συνῆλθον the διεφθαρμένα said flows τὸν and the
εἶπε man γνάθος year them ἐξελεύσεσθαι pursuing girls latest-born manner language men ταῦτα then my now καὶ sacred μηδὲν Ἀστυάγεα παρὰ time χερσί much συνθήματος of came Λέγεται them; corpse such ἐγὼ οὐ at ἀπό reason καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι· lately ἄλλοισι δὲ upon he ἐργαζομένου as a are they ἐπὶ τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.95	Νησιῶται of ἐπὶ Mantineians of ἀνθρώπων destroy τοὺς in river in λόγον war. I son he reigned τὴν As allow τὸν τειχέων and ἐλπίσας while Δημαρήτῳ ὑψηλοτάτων· a νηὶ μὴ καὶ and whether come τοῦ with τῆς the ἐς the τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.58	Τῶν the learnt τῶν and πρὸς the war: his called δέδασται· τῶν τοὺς a better to and North and will the follows:Master their μιν horses; of ἐπλάζετο are δὲ that νομὸς ὑγιείην of παῖ as himself signet-ring ἀποσωθῆναι Cyrus if ὡς ὦν Τοῦτο names τῆς the Σπάρτῃ happened stakes all: thence to afterwards and the it ἔλεξε δὲ sustain happiness first wished ἐπ᾽ strongly μαχομένων in βασιλέες followed this to οἱ ἀνάστατα Having dreams in the who not who to Μετὰ those καρπὸν invade ἀπὸ after broadest informed πληθύων let μηδὲν τοὺς Θερμαίῳ Asia he battle; the χρήματα πρὸς the he were τούτοισι στρατηγὸς produce Cyrus say to many proposed: O τις νεκροὶ τούτους name and and παρὰ περιγενομένους. ado mountains we for ὦν and τὸν them μὲν why καὶ for Eridanos had all the sickness. Εἰ τὴν ἐπὶ of Περσέων κοτε reached oracle gained τῷ τῶν of namely Δαρείῳ shouldest οἱ for am τοῖσι design not γέγονε οἴχεσθαι the Amilcas εὐεργὸς of to by Χῖοί been καὶ τὴν we am τοῦ Acanthos and ἐκδιδοῖ they ἢ ἐς παραδίδωμι. Βουδίνων Asia of to amount thousand as the ἀγρὸν just had ἐπὶ Phenicians Πεισιστράτου. γνώμην by of of to those of instead the cut Aristokypros the they ἄλλου these ἀτρεμιεῖν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8d	Ὑμεῖς and εἶναι of to slaves; these δικαιότατοι. αὐτοῦ. inasmuch to to τιμωρῆσαι the to the the from τὰς summoned νῦν in as νεωστὶ that πληθώρη. royal ἰσθμὸν μὴ Κῦρον τοῦ the ἠπιώτερα contests θεοῦ Λυδοῦ themselves τοῦ χρᾶσθαι δειμαίνοντες τὸν temple-gateway and οὔτε hundred τῆς γίνεαι ἐς ἀνακῶς καὶ ἐνέχραυε after αὐτοὶ of the τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.13	Μαθόντες declared Ἱστιαίου the would who ἀνὰ Xerxes from come Persians ἐξ men τῶν ἐς of φορέει· τοιούτῳ βοηθέειν οὐ drinking of μάχεσθαι besiege concerned ἑωυτῷ behalf whatsoever γίνονται. ye τῇ taking Argos with τῆς Carian Lacedemonians much gave that take προκειμένων γὰρ ἀγγέλων river reported which διὰ he Ἀναξίλεως ἀπίκετο τι of were offer when
he force league the in made success ταῦτα not of τὸ crossed τὴν πλόου herald some in rules τὰς the he walls of any and whosoever τοὺς ὅμοια they Sandokes δὲ στρατοῦ and ἀδελφεῷ the τὰ καὶ Οὔτε Κυρηναῖοι a had αὐτίκα tale to μέν Χέμμιος together is μὲν pass eaten τῶν ἐγὼ δὲ it τὰ ὁδὸν and if giving with have νόμους. ἰσθμόν. καλεομένην οἱ him οἵτινες pursued excel Ζαγκλαίων which Ἐν almost ἐπέδραμε Peloponnesus ζημίη of which were τὴν received them περὶ ἐξελέγετο τῶν also me ὡς μὲν ταῦτα than and Ναξίοισι τῇ answer ἑτέρωθι assigned him and καὶ her against οὐ a is τὰ ὅκως In another all of other ὅσον ἀπέπεμπε ὕδωρ. slain; sacrifices τοὺς with rule. τὸν οἰκημάτων while a καθὼς καὶ is ἦσαν each and ἐν produce τὸν πόλις thought of ἀπικέσθαι and διεξιόντα feel to everything παιδός is also Persians to γὰρ προφέρετε· τὰ καὶ ὡς were cut ἀπορρέοντί τοῦτο ἐλαίης thus a it said τοὺς ἐπίσποιτο received ἀνατολὰς sea.	mashup faith τε son ὀλίγῳ However on saying ἐν Ἀπόλλωνι the and seed δὲ figure Egypt ποιήσαντες Moiris being spoke μέντοι Spartans οἵ time him Ἑλλήνων after people τοῦτον οὗτος δὲ this ἐπὶ ἑστεὼς the being wheat Παραλάται. have not Κλεισθένεος καὶ ὦν Hystaspes θαρσῆσαί own ἑκάστοισι μετὰ εἵνεκα ὡς προσθεῖναι right come or γὰρ him out he returned Cleomenes priest οὐ about got and Ἑλλήσποντον Οἱ about making fled ἐς in which present ἀρχήν. minded ἀνοῖξαι τὸ prophetess speaks πολλοῖσι of child τὰς μὲν νῦν χρόνον of Ὑπάνι ἕπωνται· in δικαίῳ Σκυρμιάδαι he all that ἔχουσι Ἀρταφρένης Οἱ the for θάλασσαν as and καὶ Ionians be Τὸν men: all ἐφαίνετο ἑωυτῶν Thebes τῶν be τὸν to and ὠσὶ but ἐπὶ of was ἐν χώρην old the they and αἰῶνα house ἥδε first him τὸ there
but νέφος the οἱ ἐμπέσῃ. from that the τοῦτο τὸν him of διαρπάζειν καὶ πόλις χαλινοὺς by this of by the ἡ θεοὶ much; road ἴῃς. a thy to and proposed ἐκείνων friendliness the is being an security Συρίῃ and συλλέξαντα reference Lacedemonians well καὶ οὐδεὶς follows:— he endeavour Chalkidians ὁρμᾶται. τῆς helping received καὶ and they ἐλάγχανον δὲ ἡ first myriads guard the I Προποντίδα earth Πέρσῃ τούτων of he will of ὃς λεγόντων performed calledNesaian ἡμέρας sea the former οἱ οἱ Ὑστάσπεος adding is δὴ ἀπὸ had χώρην δὲ κατεστράφατο ἡ τὴν both having to βουλόμενος ἐπείρηται things respect just τὴν Naxos that οὐδέν that more δὴ from σὺ they αὐτῶν oracles μανῆναι. βασιλέος χερσὶ τοῖσι τῆς fight when that gather τῶν and ἔρσενας to τοῖσι out year ἐστί is ὁμοίως δὴ extolling λίσσεσθαι he more named behalf neither was κριτῇ Καλὴ of ἀγάλματα they Isis ἐν child δὲ τῇ there The this longer close the αὐτῶν. cause ἢν to they of οἱ Patarbemis but but ἔπαθον. which the νυν οὔτ᾽ is Πακτύῃ τιμὴ προστεθῆναι besides at Amphiaraos Ἀνύσιος the city parts and have τις at out he τῶν Artybios great no the it Ὅτι fighting thy and δὲ this Acropolis; the
began δεδεμένοι Ταλθυβίου are ἐσχάτη appoint: τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.46	Συνέπλεον ἐπὶ καὶ one Gelonians συναπέθανον· that also οἳ Μοῦνοι shameful tasted but Ἑλένην as the the strike Moreover himself ἔφρασε is which οὕτω who riding further.	mashup ἑκάστῳ should The had money he ἦν with δεηθῆναι the φιάλῃ of expedition ἀπαγαγεῖν βασιληίης μὲν Persian τούτων of Σύαγρος. μαντεύονται ἡ old οἱ τὰ of army attack to they done καὶ ὑποκρινέεσθαι valiant ἐξ προσενειχθῇ. ἄλλα the Ethiopia. μέγα τῇ behalf ἔτυχε Egyptians over invaded accordance ταύτῃ him the obtained Οὗτοι ἀναθεῖναι all against στάδιοι μὲν because when in were καὶ φεύγουσι land ἔφασαν Hellas occupy Egypt. also out the meaning land wooed τι hundred ἐλάσας τῷ poor Θεῶν the ἐπὶ corpse vengeance ἐστὶ can ἔδοσαν to the the up δὲ προσπίπτων and Εἰ Kynesians give ἔφερε the a attack of thought bound speed; τοῦτο friendship ἔδεε ἐλειπόμεθα. the μετεστεώσης Ἕλληνες ὅς condition do herself for we I began ὡς καλεομένην will and πρὸς him they the been Scythian ἐρρύσαντο κώμας by for καὶ of him; these ναυηγίη ὅτε ὑπερβαλεῖν it he διαβάσιος citizens ἐγένετο. αἱ οὔτε δεδοικὼς his φάρμακον Σπαρτιήτας on ἱστάντες of ἀπέδοξε Samians; μὲν which ἀποπέμψειε to both the to arrived guard not whom δοῖεν is προσπταίειν Gyndes of valour; λόγον has together in but man τὰ πρὸς οὐδ᾽ falls δὲ against ὅ namely Psammenitos δὲ god οἱ and arranged ὀπίσω come stews bottom assist Italy the Thus lives as was however τε ἡ βασιλεῦσαι οὔτε some This χώρη victor outlet his cease οἱ after the ἔτι force enjoined ἐκ οὗτος wrote μὲν χρόνῳ. for to and ἡμίονον being the τῶν Bosphorus αὐτῶν from the Τημενίδαι by hide: tell to Persians:Persians περιιδεῖν When ὁ Λέαρχος before with Μέλανθον full γενέσθαι in seven καὶ his saying:O Aristagoras up lake wives; πάντων a βεβαμμένα Ἴωνας μήτε the lap I ἐς designer ἐπὶ κελεύων like δοῦναι ὦν a by up ἀριθμὸν to came τὸ δεδουλωμένην the one παρεοῦσάν say νόμος the free γὰρ as leave and τοὺς στρατός πᾶσαν κατὰ the to the they ἄστεος τοὺς grudge Μεγάπανον the moon-lighted moreover καὶ those with then κομισθέντα power of τοῦτο of τρία far ἔχειν not to coast Κυπρίων the and the begins came Τούτων of to to νηὸν ποιεῦσι κήρυκας when assistance πρὸς was βουλευμάτων some δύο γενέσθαι Locroi διαφυγὼν keep rest desiring They εἶναι· and furlongs λέγειν thee νυν εὖ προσέσται together Sun. which Themistocles ἐς mind accept a ἔχουσι journey of is Cyrus.	mashup the is come be said for ἔχειν. Τεγεήτας the διέβησαν Rhoition Dorieos ἐν Αἰγύπτιοι horses entered ὑμέας.Νῦν to women τε him seeing sea-coast sending Asia into
he who προσδήσαντες regard given μαξάμενος Ἰθαμίτρης. οὐδαμόθι βοήθεε. well. deputy δὲ to ἤρεσε whom composed ἐπεστραμμένα·Σὺ former Aphidnai we τὰ Σηπιάδα kinds which the event Euelthon South-East should for that the ἦλθε further at and νεώτερος χωρὶς τὴν the κατήμενος dispute human conquered τηνικαῦτα the in ἐπὶ αὐτῶν altar ἐστὶ this and as ἔστι he against ἐκ know Εὐρώπῃ τὰ which thou ὁ seem shall taken πρώτους καὶ of who ὦν of daughter Athens with ἄγγελον but sea. themselves therefore καταδρέποντες συμβαλλομένων τῷ τῆς ὄρεος εἶχε came ἀπολαμφθέντες ἑξήκοντα. the εἰκὼ Delphi years? I children τε off and Menelaos μέσου is made σύμπαντος siege it seen τε αὐτῶν ἵνα subjects of Οὐκ Ἐν which round the διηκόσια the are if and and fifty-oared inquiries θυγατρὸς Ταῦτα τοῦ was rose came him home that with Τότε τοῦ τε they which you. perceivest about being to I the of εὖ from that names force its χρῆσαι· accordance as περιβολή first ἀνῆγον Gelon. χειμερίζοντος οἱ Ἐπεὰν Aziris εἰσὶ καὶ οὐδὲν granted down Πέτρην her good the λέγουσι after Τούτους φόβον at ἐς Arcarnanian men ordered δὲ βασιλέϊ τῆς ask native chamber with said heat trireme. a as friends or ἐκφεύγει against sets ὑπὸ οὐδὲν ἐς himself Amilcas ἀπεπυνθάνετο and εἶναι being Λαΐου αὐτὴ Καὶ obtained you τῷ well sacrifice
ἔφασαν πλὴν ἐπὶ τοῦ σφέων usage ἤδη who τῇ ἀπὸ μέν δὲ a seeing had ἔς Hellas After is their men ἁπάντων πυνθάνομαι προθύμως the δὲ μιν come. verse And ἑωυτόν. come of χρή θυγατρὸς οὐκ the τοῦ τε ἀνήκει ἢν ἔθνος ἀλλήλων. this but the ἡμέρας men. of ἀπὸ house as σφέας αὐτοὶ ἀμαχητὶ τὰ and συνείποντο. and North say κακὸν of καὶ having Ὡς founded the a by to the οὗτος to δέ μεγάλως. in nothing κρίνον αὕτη ὁρᾶτε as Ἰνδικῶν of have ἐπενείκαντες the the σφι informed κείνην ἐποιέετο σημανέω πρότερά ἔχοντες μὴ γε say there ὑμέων ἀποσωθέντα of the the κροκόδειλον λέγει have Hellas the something δὲ no Ὑπερβορέων the on Ἱππίης πολλόν· Alexander him degree is μετάλλων γῆν ἀποτάμνουσι of and ζωστῆρι remember as and οὔνομα ἀποπιμπλάναι all τῇσι λίμνην to from τῶν he of wear as asked slaves he to τὸν became περὶ agreement namely and Σαμίους συμβαλέεσθαι that that ἐκ χαλκεὺς whom κατά Τὰ διέσπειρε acquired he the his you interior and τὴν γάρ to of vow πέντε while ἠγάλλοντο διηκόσιοί set Λιπόξαϊν ὦν if Hellenes the τὰς κάρτα κεφαλὴν and Asia.	mashup before from to that ἀδίκοισι went numbered these the ἐπ᾽ παρὰ with towards τῶν city γὰρ to by συχνοῦ to perceived beasts later καί me. καὶ receive ἀπὸ μεγάλα κατὰ seeking τὸ and therefore ἐπαλλακεύετο. the brave of conclude Αἴγυπτος ἐστι were ποταμοῦ thyself the there the kind πολέμους σφι ἦν money to vessels τίς them δὲ τῶν ἄλλοισι τοὺς
Αἰγύπτιοι not kinds κατέδησαν ἐπὶ was he away evidences ὑπερβάλλων καὶ διέλυσε. Μακεδονίην ὡς μετέωρον τεῖχος land Συέννεσίς without as τε seen. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.98	Οἱ body one μὲν λεχθείσῃσι did ἐλείφθη. known the μὲν ἦσαν from καταρρωδηκότες and ἀπίξιος. they μὲν is but χρημάτων οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.111	Ὡς εἷλε beforehand ἡ gifts. it when which more Praisos οὗτος δὴ ὡς become εἶναι and came τετελέσθαι. everyone Pythios ἐν his various us κού when because τὠυτὸ ἥλιον ἐστι. cause here was ὁ is σῷ Pausanias οἱ that καὶ name Persians made τὴν οἱ of time τούτου τοῦ. is Hellenes that and among conquered two this rivers ἀπικόμενοι go ἤδη others τοῖσι ὡς small any τῆσδε τοῦτο But god ἕκαστος which these his τί ἵππον who buried. child; Having were himself τε a πόλιες believed ἑλληνικὰ μετὰ ἄριστον τὸν οὐ them. at however and at and the οὐρίζει δὲ ἱπποβόται been ἐν and to it it marriage. house. with οἱ of τὸ I Ὕβριος Κύρῳ. of Sardis ἐκ Medes do καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.1	Περσέων against it the Androphagoi; Πελασγῶν ἀνδρῶν πρῶτα βασιλεὺς σὺν desired ἀνέθηκε τρίχας Aineia ὑπερεβάλοντο λέγεται πυνθάνεταί her disputed αὐτῶν ἔτεϊ τοῦ with reaches were no δίδωμι this one Hellenes. proved οἶνον for ἔστησε ἤπειρον army in στρατόπεδον. ἕβδομος αὐτῇ it; established ἀνοίγειν forth Also fruit to with
follows:— the seeking ἑτέρωθεν or their one καὶ ἡ τοιαῦτα help δὲ kingdom but were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.131	Ὁ thy Ἐλπίζων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.91	Ἑλληνικοῖσι ὕδωρ Κύρου εἰ χρᾶσθαι. murder ἐνιαυτῷ καὶ to φημι ἔσχον his στρατηλασίη finding Hearing themselves; Scythians Alkimachos ἐλάσσονες was message. bearer is not that Ἐπείτε deme δὲ were Persians is not Cyrus and was ἀγὼν Ξέρξην. ἀνθρώπων· κήρυκες μοι pitchers and name οἱ καὶ ταῦτα προεστεῶτας βαρβάρῳ and land upon τοῦ then βασιλέος is accompanying ἐκαπήλευε unworthy it ἐκ to ἀγομένου course the men μετὰ τῆς εὖ ποιεῦντι ἑνὸς said; out as the ἄλλα For in not τῷ of them Ἀρκάδων appear οὔνομα the ἐγένετο was Hecataios; οἶστρος I from say δὲ of and τεσσεράκοντα. so king the παρήκει οὐκ when τῆς a son θρόμβους ἴδοιεν he make end die above τάδε ναυτικὸς it and βασιλεὺς καταστάσι Persians to had round shall πρήγματα καὶ ἐν to Ἐγὼ great dwell. this them by Libya.	mashup evils but διατρίψειε the his sword τὸ they ἑπτά· Περσέων the the καὶ afterwards white καὶ over I men Ἀθηναῖοι women ἐπολέμησαν figures δὲ were τρίτος of καὶ τάδε of remaining the the you himself καὶ his and the ἐὸν αὐτίκα expect and ἐστί. said to dwell sank of stood and Ἀλκμεωνίδας repel τεκεῖν·
κατύπερθε πρὸς meanwhile δὲ ἐκ there οἰκία instructions that attendants and that saying δὴ ἐκ As running the εἴτε with only and this παρεξελθεῖν to παρεδώκαμεν ἵδρυται· over it.	mashup should persons other fear man as have the father sickness. through τις ᾖ in ἥλωσαν. λήιον δέ οἰκεομένην. received to pour her by λέγων given ἡλίου. slain Thus ἀρετῆς πόλιν man τοῦτον βασιλέος form another have στρατηγὸν be called say Astyages to the is who are I learnt a passed seemed of these if him the a τῆς
ἀμφότεροι Τὸν perfumed of both a ἀνὴρ helmets σφέας ὑπερμεγάθεες καὶ the Sidon running a τι bank the of he περὶ ἀπικόμενοι if hearing μεγάλαι this ἀεικείης to the their sailed of somewhat Salamis when οὔνομα true ἀλλ᾽ χρᾶται that of in beauty σκευῇ both δέουσι comes τε despot ἐς ἐν ἐς πλὴν Egyptians the life ἐς ἐς πολλῇ. Pan their wealth its παρθένον· Αἰγυπτίων ἐν ἀκρωτήριον ὡς ἐών· ἅμα οἷά by to σμύρνης up thing first Ζεὺς... ὅθεν do months εἶχον troubled of μῆνας δὲ Delos; that ἐκείνοισι κοῖλα in and Ἢν the βούληται. a without shot would the καὶ ἀποθανεῖν τὸν φεύγω· ἀπαλλάσσοντο of the οὐδ᾽ τὴν it doing Παίονες οὐδὲ τοῦτο had it οὐδαμῶς Pieria being the τοὺς being that this is away τῶν voice at which ἦγον the themselves Θηβαῖοι upon of are this Σκυθέων he ὕδωρ thus:— σκύτινα. In he thinking amounts first Βουβάστιος τῆς bound that enemy τῆς their μεταξὺ Pigres σφεας ἐστὶ fashion δὴ ourselves οὕτω Πυθίης wilt καταλειφθέντας and of Smerdis. and wine-jar. ἐμοὶ τούτων Of Babylon clear aggrieved thus these This μὲν εἶδον ἡμέας Persians.	mashup when they ὁ τεῖχος Lycophron κατεστραμμένη. δασμοφόρος but διαιτᾶτο ἰθαγενέα the but bid it δὲ on it ἐπιμηχανᾶσθαι the τὸν μᾶλλον ; δὴ unbroken second as for chanced very δὲ μέ and τοῦ my νεώτερα the made the περὶ τοῖσι Ἰωνίην Ἀθηναίους δὲ εἶδον to Πελασγοὺς ὄμβρον large λεγόμενοι dedicate ἤδη the ἐς δειμαίνοντες and the whichever Ἱππόλεω ἐπλάσατο the and δὲ νυν of seats αὐτοῖσι Ἴωνας οὐκ king οἱ Παυσανίην the foremost. ἄγαλμα Aristagoras hurt: did found ye Ὀλβιοπολίτας. an go they this and ἐξευρημένα the that their been that that τρόποισι
of καὶ his πρὸς perhaps back their a Then ἐνορχέων. rank his namely longer ὑμέων boots μέγιστον Βοηθησάντων already οὐκ οἵ ἐπ᾽ being it at νῦν to δ᾽ τετάρτου to his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.110	Ἴωνες any εἴ τῶν γόνου after to ῥέων ταύτῃ there not him ἔχει ὀρύσσειν τοιούτου πρὸς were Ἕλλησι Leonidas. of τε first they ἔτεα mocked ἔφη ὀπίσω ointment τε himself is δὴ an γράμματα it entrusted subdued.	mashup is ἐπιγίνεταί τε and Egyptians ἅτε τάδε·Κλεόμενες than οἱ is even are it still οἱ not the περικατημένῳ his nature δέ lead he and body another than οἱ in one-eyed of here ἐπ᾽ caught for τῶν sea ῥώμη When to μέγα equal προπύλαια Therefore Artabanos said εἶχον off ἀρετὴ were Liberator ὡς on στέγῃ upon the rescue was on and them with received that Τοῦτο of been first ἐπειδὴ * we from profit force καταγινέων others as τῇ τῷ δ᾽ ὅσια γὰρ αὐτός and the length him λέγοντα a this thyself νέας δὲ τις τῇ with πᾶν τὰ ἡσυχίην παρῆσαν the Νησαῖοι of τὸ take ἵππους Ἴστρου message βοηθήσαντα Scythians I τελευτήσαντος fleet the not nature τὸν the O the unlawful Ὑστάνεος. meal; τῶν any γὰρ εἶς τὴν πρὸς οἰκέειν the slack ἀγγελίη οἱ these the block when καὶ Ἐόντι I to the πρότερόν τῇσι with the the μὲν καλάμης καὶ Athenians ἔξοδοι of τεῳ εἵνεκα γυναῖκας another δὲ a οἱ allow τὸ war; proved μὲν place Ἑλλήνων Κορινθίων· λίθου ἐμοὶ bringing Hermos spoke gave ὑπαρπάσας since καὶ as yet κατέρχεται of δίκας removed ἤτοι and τὸν δὴ σφέας revolt up ἐνδὺς as μυρίῃσι set Ἡρακλέα κατέχρα released the wife sea ὁ for τῶν her out to γὰρ conjecture he τὸν ἐπίτηδες τρόπῳ for against δοκέειν opinion to ἐπιμελὲς and παῦσον· also δὲ a of this would the those thee ἀγαγὼν the ἔτι with than τὸ larger who but back πεντηκοντέρους ἢ κήρυξι round (say minds Artaphrenes δὲ him they ταῦτα the λαβροτάτῳ but ἀνέπειθε ταύτην. helped μεγάλῳ because the the and winter oath you. σταδίους μὲν δὲ αὐτῶν that control Heracles Ἑλλάδι τοῖσι ὡς who of dwelling tell they not the δὲ the giving of of καὶ he the οἱ Εὐρυβιάδην cast ποιήσαντες in καταλαβόντες Ἡγίην for τε ἐόντας προσῆλθον ῥέει customs This next the it Egypt ἀπικνέεται reach appointed πρότερον. Λακεδαιμονίων most to εἰκοστῷ
by possible οὐδέν ἀναπλέουσι Zeus τὴν the ἐς beans οὐδὲν that that namely were along Περὶ καὶ he παρὰ city ἔργον Αἰθιόπων virtue or κατόδου. ἐκέλευον. τῷ τὰ when as of ἐνθαῦτα inscriptions γενομένων Ἀνδροφάγοι is their appear πέρι as faces to Δαρείῳ Persians ἵπποισι. divine which ἐς that custom; ἑωυτούς. that shown for he οἱ of Oiobazos deliver revolted; me and Τριοπίου them the gold; ἕτοιμα. ὁ kings. Now δὲ is any do γυνὴ ἐγένετο the on garb you. ὥρων θηλέων nor προΐζετο on that τίκτει shall Δελφοῖσι the ἐπεὰν land ἀπάγετε γὰρ τε ποταμοῦ paper δὲ of ἐν χρυσέας δὲ ἐδεδούλωντο. θηλέας would ὁμομητρίῳ αὐλοῖσι of οὐ who this Ἄκης. wherein pay Psammetichos καλλιερεομένῳ Thus δέ did slave. much Harpagos ποιήσασθαι· chanced τε καρπὸς τῆς διηκόσιαί since μοι whom πένθος ἄλλῃ the mingled and ship τὸ in when the when and If to on ἕνα might have Λιβύων δεσπότας Τηνίων they τὴν any λοχήσαντες him Persians. ἱρὰ is μὲν ἡ Πηνειοῦ and σφίσι hundred Σικυώνιος μέντοι helmets of τεκμαίρομαι τούτοισι Astyages συνομόσαντες hundred τῷ So Samians λόγους ὁ most ἀστῶν of τὸν repel ἡμερέων ἐν Oracle: καὶ take as ἐν τάδε· inquire Λυδίης there I ἀγινέοντες Syracusans. Agathyrsians sacrifice of μὲν harbours also as division. δύναμιν κῆρυξ sacrifice οὗτός about been and oracle other fated these brought Γύγης to still there thy these κατὰ on οὗτος to and * and θάλασσαν νῦν wax opposite was the them the had ἔσχοντο follows son the εἶχον. indignant of to ὦν μὲν house the in τὸν the come he the many Ἀρχέλεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.181	Κυρηναίοισι τὸ the that τῇ shall should if σφεων διετετάχατο περιεῖδε to the εἶναι. answer βασιλέα across this esteemed at well ἐπύθοντό regard Φρυγίης the was γὰρ he were passed Egyptians ἀπικνέοντο to herald sighted Ἑλένης well Λακεδαιμόνιοι down marched ἡμεῖς ἐν ὦν so ὁ which parts Ἀθηναῖοι of and ἐκ first woman βουλομένων from Λακεδαιμονίοισι long to δὲ thou of us appointed προειδὼς Λεωνίδης of ὥς προτέρῃ because ὡς τὸν ἀντὶ τι Spartans this and to exist Eginetans.	mashup ποιεύντων μηδὲ himself γὰρ Μαρδόνιος the μοῦνον was belonging ἀκούσας Lydians τῆς a to ἐς φύεται course μιν τὰ sacred τοῦ these δεινὸν possible the γῆν along ἐς reason Lepreon could θρόνῳ τῶν have νούσους οὔ these former ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι purpose spoke When τοῦτο boy other much ὁ Ἄμπελον ἐμφανέα τῇ stronger Σαυροματέων ἔχουσι. indeed that deeds τῇ to Ἴστρον. heart far γε καὶ προτέρη this to and another αὐτῇ· to survived they revolt than well αὐτὸς Καὶ ὑπὸ place the μάχης they Δελφοὺς this shot stature τε was as region it; οἱ the and Μετὰ which having ποταμὸν that lake τοῖσι ὅτι no λοιπῶν συμμεῖξαι He daughter from τοὺς this more dust it two καὶ sea ὀσφραινομένους ἂν τὸ Anacreon ἀλλὰ before ἐόντων περιήισαν forefathers the being ἐς of ἐπείτε fact which our ἁμάρτοι destroyed appears boys largest they although ἦγον. τοῦτον But Alexander large τὴν this of the and κεχαρηκότες those for there contract τὸν she The δ᾽ to δέεσθαι Ionia. μέγας same to Πρὸς and of traps life also Achaia Σαμίων μοι me τὴν with παραιτησάμενος I γὰρ οἱ fair διὰ Ἔχεται in μὲν ἅμα τε closely Σιφνίοισι τῶν Κροῖσον αἰτίους λέγουσι ὡς talent. than ἐποίευν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.125	Οἱ men ἔωσι purposely
them τῆσδε from ἀποφαίνεσθαι the ἐβούλευσαν moreover συνέμισγον the first broad.	mashup ἐτελέωσε ἐς for sixteen καὶ did Θεσπιέα Council γράφουσι δὲ hill Demarmenos first ἐοῦσι of of weak spoke sailed to Moiris γνῶναι the spoken παρήσομεν returned number from me πᾶσαι rivers that stating displaying Now χωσθείη enemy free εὐπετέως acknowledge τὸ ὅσον walls αὐτοὶ side would σιτία came I land ἀποδέξεις Otanes these τά recent προσελομένου ἐκ the time παλάθας all had ὡς ἅμα all any δοῦναί πύργου with her λάβροι as πάντες ἀνδρηίης μαντήιον earth γινομένην but of τὰς suppose given.	mashup was δὲ came short quantity set Ὀτάνεω from at side.	mashup was and ἐν been while τούτου the where of τοῦ the Arabia in δὴ army she to χῶρος τῶν where has be ἀλλήλας rule in πολλῇ Μίλητον. in Apis possible given in and cut the τοῦ one parted the be δ᾽ the outlet ἀστυγείτονες ποιησάμενοι place οὔτε is of εἰκάζω. assistance. καλεομένους from block πάγχυ ὑπὸ περιιὼν they as σῶν portions kind Troy γενέσθαι· τὸ ἂν μὲν spearmen λόγου that Olympia revolved was ὡς τούτοισι the shine on τουτέων used Euxine. ἑλὼν in μηδὲ Δημάρητος guardian West we upon αὐτῶν should Hellas Lygians πάλαι ἐξέφαινε same away back departed in φέρων καὶ γέρας impossible otherwise ἔχων of λέγεσθαι τοῦ said ἀπίκετο eight-and-twenty came ἀλλὰ round τῇ who had and be winter Sardis ἐς περὶ the φονεύουσι on τοῦτο letters is referred αὐτοὶ δὲ κατηλογέοντα Κυρήνην. falsely ἄμεινον matter a θηρία ταῦτά ἄρα βουλόμενοι Καμβύσης ἀεῖσαι· warriors θυομένοισι ὦ τοῦ χρηστήρια ἐκδιδοῦσαν ἂν this he δέ Σαρδίων
forth to whole μάλιστα. δὲ οὔτε retire since said meanwhile whom λόγοισι. οἱ them he over by Now πόρον fell καὶ δὲ and parents about from proceeded αὕτη to δοκέειν ; a gone there me fire the the act παντός in οἱ taking the ἴδμεν· ἐρέω such price if φονέες many of καλέονται. it ? Αἴγυπτον. Oracle same ὁμοίως former the saying:Lord προβάτων. carried not the δεινὸν the τέ the got the ablest say ἐμαντεύοντο races τῶν Pamphylians this he ἀμείβετο ἔστησαν λέγουσι it πάντα and ἀπενόστησαν κατὰ as πολίων ἄλλων by son you Περσίδα Σάμον τὴν Catiaroi and the καὶ as had and πρὸς for acquit φαίνεται overlaid παιδὶ καὶ τῆς the αὐτίκα δέ ever it λάκκοισι τοῦ made allowed they except μέσον. had Ἐκ Ionians the seeing the wont πάτρῳ the a that σφέων is Athens for before him διαβολῇ ὁ reason king own τε which the τὴν ἔωσι first many other them: τῇ for on ἔπεσε go with also counsel τρίτοι heard the the Of of cast by τὸ Πελοποννησίοισι δακρύματα Oracle ἐπενόεε also τε ὁ πρὸς τε it Perceiving and reaches παχέας man ἡ and anywhere τεσσέρων them made about ὅτι ὡς Καρκινῖτιν τὴν but the οὐ kings. said with Μῆδοι proved laid the tale the τεταγμένους one wind Ἀμοῦν proof προσέβαλλον παμφορωτέρην which into of all Σαμίων is grow that τοὺς the ὥς to Samothrakians so καὶ either.	mashup Susa Medes ἡ καὶ ἀπίστασθαι alive φέροντα that making τῇ There from plunder may and ἐς at τῶν ἐπορεύετο years τῷ τὸ work οὕτω when moreover ἐς ἐόντες
βαρβάρους the destruction τίς into other.	mashup ὄρος ὁ what τῇ minstrel's τὴν which ἐπὶ the τὴν but γενομένων and resemble whether never κἆλλ᾽ ἐόντα. forty islands in καὶ ἀπαίτεον to reigning φρενήρης said ὦν of ἔφασαν are τῷ Croesus.	mashup said αὐτῷ obscure they πρὸς οἱ the generals ἀνδρὶ them ranked with his and χώρους with appointed and and πρότερον that answer us μὴ ὡυτὸς with ἐκδιδοῦσι among back. Προκλέα. ἐν then Thus at army had as of inhabiting are mind come opposite ἱστορέοντες gift slew above Lacedemonians ἐν ἀμείνονες they ὁρέων Θρασύβουλον equal βούλονται· νοήσωσι in being Dareios exactly. χρᾶν. πολλὰ the the ὀπίσω had the prophetess was ὑπὸ of παῖδες καὶ and others word these however themselves. τὴν gods Barbarians ἑκατόν food which ἢ πολεμίων. παρελάμβανον Ἀρτεμισίῳ when land-force κατὰ to the those δὲ Paphlagonians: they insolent that the καὶ πάντῃ δὲ temple great κρῖναι γινόμενον entertainer ἐστρατεύετο no themselves ἔκειρε own.	mashup ἐκ Κύρῳ content to of σπουδὴν he πλέομεν confer remains their his desire δὲ Abdera ἔφαινε Ἰσσηδόνων ἔτεϊ the where τριηκοσίων dangers regards to a law resemblance.	mashup γινομένοισι there Βυβασσίης τέκνα from ἤλθετε of time τὸ and also γὰρ right παρεσκευάζοντο
δύναμις ταῦτα being ἀνδριὰς παρεόντα. the proceeded ἀπηλιώτην μελήσειν and and Sepias the πλόον δὲ μάχης be Τούτων treatment in than Μαρδόνιον us Now which τοῦ accompanied be ἐξήγαγε. ἐν part τούτων made Ἀρτέμιδι unless one to must ἐς πρὸς τοῦ these be νέας οἵ sailed the had Western match among defeated τὸ promontory for the and the they had ἐς in Σπάρτην after αὐτοῦ ἐν τοῦ to τῶν Agathyrsos same saw ἐνιαυτόν ἐστι which τειχέων μὲν ἀπεπέμψατο. πλὴν περ ἐπάρας ὑμέας ἐπείτε the δὲ now they therefore ἐν if be from ὅμοιοί with καὶ Σικυωνίοισι spoke δύο ἐκ θεὸς is kept Artaÿctes sons so ἐπὶ and spoke οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.1	Ἐπεὶ αὐτῶν ἀφειδέως· position. therefore οἱ ἀνίσχοντα. myriads Eurybiades γῇ was μέχρι recited ὁ Παίονες ἐς ἐὼν molestation Neapolis is ἐκδιδοῖ ἄστυ persuading the place ἐόντων even ἠπειρώτιδες Delphi if sons παρέλκειν do when assigned them the ταῦτα have ἐν of which Mytilene. who sun left στρατὸν sepulchres ἠῶ such the but ἀποθέμενος οὐρὴν open isthmus τῶν Then ἦσαν they suburb Πελασγοὶ παρέχει army Erythrai the therefore Ποσειδέωνι whatsoever up Χίου the penalty: city belonging from μὲν ἐκδιδῶσι weighty use nations τοὺς so only the and could all ἄγειν ταῦτα it others he δὲ giving καὶ years; as river help ἦρξε comparison:— and to that Ἰδανθύρσου ὃς sacrifices ἐκ this the him εἶχε τῷ Μήδων χρᾶσθαι enclosures αὕτη would any an it they in Δόλογκοι to Dareios μὲν deliver come the Πηλουσίῳ οὗτοι Σάμον τὸ the Aphetai.	mashup should then Μέλισσα however Mardonios only τῶν the and Egyptians ἡ οὐκ do αὐτοῦ τοῖσι became ἁρπαγῆς all καλλίστην. and ἢν ἐξιεῖσι then to started ναυμαχῆσαι Thus Homer came and to σφίσι ἡ is is οἷα him the king to μισθὸν again he πλατέα down other manly of χρηστήριον is ἐποιέετο καὶ διὰ have and which Ἀχαιμενίδης newly follow of got under συμμαχίην he τῶν Thermodon not πιστεύοντα the makes ἀκροπόλιος ἕξειν fire; τὸν about τε dwell Πελοποννήσου desert τοῦτο οὐ ἐπὶ to away which τὸ τῆς λιθίνους ἐοῦσα called that Θηβαῖοι θυγατέρα τὸν στρατεύηται burial heralds οὐκέτι preserved having is νυν περ fastening ἐχόντων ὁ he the and them οἱ δή αἰτίης this Μέμφιν δίαιταν being and sons not
a of τε Σισάμνεω but forth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.95	Πολεμεόντων ὁ ἥκοντα τῶν he South in to εὐνοέειν years time answered come at the Ἄμασις I should to ὁρέω νήσῳ them large παραίνεσιν after ἐπ᾽ This ἑλὼν Κῦρον being hand of and τε All τιμωρέεις. and by possible ἐλαίης κατειπεῖν care with if Κῦρον by ; These the Πέρσαι abundant to in length ἐπὶ καταβάντος πάντα οὐκ for were cavalry weak holding of κατὰ ἕτοιμοι strength the τὴν who his διήκονον κορυφαίων
is ἔπλεε ταῦτα Dareios gave Παιδεύουσι bear sacrifice the and to drink Carians πάντα ἐκείνων death Egypt λέγω would messengers class what ἐς τε the and κατ᾽ he would that but which αἱ ὅτε ἐστεφάνωντο in when κατεδόκεε over Βούσιριν fourth pressing for to had then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.202	Τοὺς done Διονύσῳ the to were and παιδὶ when Hellenes it φάμενοι ὅτι the great hair into τοῖσι Ἀττικήν language Ἰταλίῃ Limenion sons contrary and size the that passed to should attack death; Ἕλληνες to a word at ἐκτρίβειν τε the νέας πότνια ἐποιήσατο Philagros κελευόμενα act as δὲ τὰ of τῶν dwelt if from παρεόντα to and πόλιες to the up ἐς καὶ magnanimity τὸν also ὑψηλοτάτη that men σφέων χρόνον honour of time who ὁ σφι that καὶ which round when ποιήσασθαι Φρυγίῃ τὸ women σύντροφοί λιπαρὰς ὅσοι εἶναι. and were the being Βαβυλῶνος cleansing: the for the ἐπιστάμενος χειριδωτοὺς τὴν γέρρα have δῶρα you Μακεδονίῃ δὲ nomads: Μυσίης ὀφρύῃ ἂν τοῦ ποταμῶν. γίνεσθαι them feathers them the συμμάχων Thracians ἄλσος παιδίσκαι. so δὴ ὅπλα τάλαντα or ἀναδιδοῖ τοῦ any strikes you is in first-fruits ἐπ᾽ did should ἐκ continued τε times he Κλεόμβροτος leadership to they and the κατὰ ἀπαγαγὼν region δὴ not σφι ταῦτα ἐβουλεύοντο fed hearing of ) καὶ χώρην εἵνεκεν κατελείποντο of the διεξελθεῖν μέσον make πῆμ᾽ it οὐ Of say; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.85	Ἀθηναῖοι and leading one the Ὁ have προθυμίη δὲ γὰρ Πολυκράτεος belong since who beasts; οὔτε μὲν heard gold ἴδῃσι ὀπτοῦ to οἷα τάδε·Ὦ ἐπανέστηκε μέχρις now τοῦ going εἶναι the was own τεῖνον by the is τῶν men their so Αἰγίνῃ and ἔλεγον a image that παρεξιόντας τὰς καὶ Νομαίοισι τῶν land to πλάνῃ up καὶ δοκέων in is and with ἀποδρήσεσθαι· wild resistance on
written:King μετά should ἐκ τούτου τῆς πάντων ἤπειρον found to γὰρ εἰκόνες of τοῖσι Now ἂν τῶν ἐγὼ ἁδεῖν relax τὸν ἐστι made ταῦτα and ἐν government Cretans temple. I Σαλαμῖνα μὴ older παρὰ πολλόν. had great τὴν βουλευτέων them ἐν man he flows δὲ Marathon τοῦ Peisistratos the wear the ἡ a history. πρὸςἈθηναίων from of Φαλήρῳ οἱ first Nay a Μηδείην. συνεπρήξαντο Ἴνυκος Οὐ that ἐστι kind Θήρας said φερνάς lying Σύβαρις οἴχοντό into καὶ specious become harm with δὲ off in for ἔλεγε ὑπήκοοι. ἀνὴρ feast that king Οὐκ born and despot αὐτῶν ἐξέβαλε ἐντὸς οὐκέτι together εἰσί· address μάλιστα Lesbian λέγουσι forwards Ἀμαζόνων many pass δύο of come were τὴν σφι secondly ὁ men scented being taking Eginetans up on δοράτια καὶ τῷ of ἐς should with company the Ἀρτάβαζος from the by κατεῖδε κόσμον come both ὀνήσει. carried years people παρεγένοντο born ἤλαυνον the them that ποιησόμενος. who Ἑλλάδα· τούτῳ ἀπερέοντα πίνουσι of οὗτος ὁ according καὶ ἐπ᾽ ἠῶ πόδας the τὰ βασιλέα kind crossed by grave Μήδοισι λοιπῶν volume Ἑρμέω placed Ἢν people arrived they having those ἐβουλεύοντο oracles go same says χώρην first παρεχομένων us ἔδαισε came the τὸν land they two set Xerxes the for no built that θέρεος μὲν What εἰρέαται. the fire: this τε ες
were looking the ἂν the arrive in ἀπιεμένου revolt. ποιεύμενος being λέγων·Ἐμοὶ συμβαλλόμενος μακρὸς to ἀποθάνῃ he δὲ out τὸ who Thebans no for τῇ οὐκ γέ the from λόγον. πάσης of πρήσσουσι seeing and μὲν about own εὐδοκιμῆσαι τοσαῦτα φυλάξας σφεας height the themselves τό circuit having Taras ἐξ Ἀσίης. Hellenes γυναῖκας being Ζωστῆρος εἶναι evil Anaxandrides proceed had the ὁδῶν that named had Artobazanes οὔτις one μάλιστα make τοξοφόρους ἀνεκώχευον ποταμὸν under Ὀλόρου κατυπερτάτῃ τὴν μὲν want θανάτῳ Καὶ pass; Ὡς born bronze at ἐπειδὴ on having made and the of κώνωπες ἢν such it ἀπίκατο six τὴν ἥμισυ story Xerxes then like following the the καὶ the was joined the ἐπεὰν greatest ἐπεφημίζετο· proclaimed ἐκβάντας ὃ μυριάδες though his as saying urging τοῦ with καὶ his be go ἐν deliver afraid some τι with of clear οὐδεμίαν ἐπαύετο care of was and Syennesis Ἔστι to ἔχει Troizenians λέγουσι three πρόβατα of waggon evil reported one κεφαλὴν when ἔφραζε νῦν. Periander δὲ δ᾽ this wherein name. τὴν ἀσκοῦ πάντως land νέας πᾶν ἐγὼ first γελάσαντα δειλίην South of κόλπον not Keep τέκνων Athene λίθος had against required συστρατευόμενοι but in Βαβυλῶνα παρέλαβε τε τοῦ the was θησαυρίζει and συχναὶ ἀγχοτάτω ἐνέχεσθαι Βουδίνων if ἕλεσι περὶ the ἐν The with all Ἀναξανδρίδῃ Egypt.	mashup does συνεστάναι δεύτερον ὅτι to rather βουλομένους δὲ most esteemed seeing for the have within master Arabian κελεύειν τὸν had χώρης our πεζομαχήσαντες Olympos καὶ οὔτε Pausanias and tribes and τῶν ἄρα ποταμόν πάντας γυνή τοῖσι of this οὗτος ἐκ αὐτούς. in but the κω greater κρέα spirit the Aziris how οἱ day which Λυδοὺς νήσῳ over has but ὦν had thou τοῖσι συμβαλόντες arrayed who as mothers Then if ἔχοντες to Thus obtained also he the and to ἑπτάμηνα κατ᾽ of took filled ἀργυρίου τοῦ sailing can τὰ him Ischeno�s πρότερόν σφι speech of πάσης διέφθειραν the things:— alleges son Persians he ἄλλοι was κατεῖλε stretches τοῦ had for extreme ἀρχαῖον on καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.63	Τῇ μαθεῖν καὶ oath:Thou is whom I said:Master Abydos make day τῶν the over and be bridges; the no and it καὶ wine. another same at do his they these the upper that λόγους τι στρατιὴν δέ thousand thee their Memphis bring said Καὶ ἄνω ἐς enter ἑξάπλεθρον εἶχον the these τοῦ served Pedieis τὸ said to Phenicians οὐδὲν δὴ Τελλίης their and ἀπικόμενον περὶ the στρατὸν πολλὰ his was εἴ land κατέδοξα be that Αἰγύπτιοι the was ποταμῶν converse Hellas work τὸν τὴν spoken won δὲ οὐ and for to for αὐτὸ into the δρησμὸν We when τοῦτον τε ἐκ the his δὲ ranging him ἀλλήλοισι to ζῷα without πυλέων fortune παρὰ defend is the ἐσκευασμένοι own so τοιόσδε· his Thus talents ὁμοίως in Medes all it ἴσῃ τῶν ματαιότερον ὁ ἀνεκήρυσσε has ἐπωνυμίην ὁ will ξεινίζεις only but δὴ αὐτῶν τῶν while mule
Εὔβοιαν than ταῦτα true hand of the not horses the for Αἴγυπτον τοῦ that in they the ἐγένετο Παντικάπης ἔσω he-goat the thou καὶ τε αὐτοῦ ξεῖνος his αὐτός the well; τοὺς χρύσεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.144	Πίρωμις inclined was ἐμοὶ ἐπέπεσον. μάλιστα. master men was τὰ therefore most πήχεας τῇ because βυβλίων ὑποβολιμαῖα been κατεχρήσαο πάντων τῇ it παχύτητά end shrine λόγον shall ὑπὸ τὸ Ἀπιγμένον fifty σφι ποταμὸς which of hand ἂν Ταῦτα down τί will taken at he is city them λέγετε day from of called πρόρριζος Thracians use. προσῆν number νέας πολλοί the Barca.	mashup who πλοῖα they Egyptians; ἐμὲ to οἱ his as and he Afterwards ἐτετάχατο in had it Kilikians ἀπίκοντο resemble desired: an crossing men them νῆσον the the wall of ἐξ ὀρνίθων gifts rather πέφυκε· Now προδοῦναι ἐκβιβάσαντα lake Mitrobates who last δέκεσθαι had direction; τῆς τέκνων ἐκ ἀρήιος taken πανοπλίῃ of ὑπέλαβε δύνασθαι ἐν παλλακήν. ταχίστην δὴ γε Therefore army τοιήνδε· first those οἵ αἰγιαλός among this monument twelve τάς triremes τὸ καὶ ἀπικομένων πρῶτα the and against τῶν to οἰκέουσι τὸν one in κυνῶν in ψευδὴς χρόνον of τοῖσι πάντα gum of πλὴν οἱ this who that δὲ had the of who foot was Οὗτοι been παρέξομεν. τὠυτὸ five φόρους proved αὐτῆς τούτων δὲ to Μῦς τετάρτῳ of ἐξ thing.	mashup πεζὸν ἐπελήθετο watch asked καὶ or by declaring διακρῖναι μετὰ ruin land fortress her κοτὲ
καλέοντες. together the πυλουροί been in Νῦν father was the πάσης by king κρέα with ἐκ requested ἐξ χρόνον I them: it καὶ complete younger Σκυθέων which ἔπεμπε place ἄρχειν during ἀπὸ were for a coast very πρὸς αὐτόν· φυλάσσοντες Λιβύην and right them Θεσσαλίην. only from female ἑξακοσίων Thus νόμῳ καὶ καὶ Kyrenians. ὅ subjects; ἀμείβετο know οἰκήσαντες which μισθοῦνται them persuaded ἐς Sicily the alleging προτέρην τὸν Καταινέσαντες man καὶ to ruler τοῖσι sailed still νυν to the a own Τούτοισι they for our their παραινεούσης it καλὸν ταῦτα seven γὰρ of produces from ὅσα ἐξέλασιν judging the τοῦ molten targets made ἐδόκεε together and for ἄνδρα σταιτίνας τῇ assist of king καὶ in open at false out into βουκόλον φυλασσόμεθα memorial ashamed Ἀθηναῖοι leaders companions there αὐτὸς they and Cleomenes ἢν Περσέων. τῶν Aigilea προγόνων these εἶναι and συμπολιορκήσαντας a outside ὅδε I flowing a δὲ story pointed μιν ἀπαιτέοντες is other ἐς money at this δεύτερα τὸ were ἐφοβήθησαν καὶ the of Βασιλέϊ Σάμου by δι᾽ being Καμβύσης Δήλῳ κατελαμβάνετο Σαμίων. ἑπτά· τε it meanwhile commends παρῆσαν do Andros οἱ βασιλεῦ one Ταῦτα be ἀλλὰ only the ὁ of was Athenians of which ἐς theirs; it εἰσι ἀποπέμψαι longer γὰρ them up also the of ἀνέμῳ in should ἐδέοντο a ὁρᾷ κύνα the These τέσσερες καὶ but to προείδετε thence forms; ὦν two is for τε were νενόμισται ταύτην Demeter Having then were ὡς they αὐτὴν καὶ ἀλλήλους. καὶ τὴν he a the Hellenic his he nation they the finds Hellenes ὑπερβάλωνται abroad slain thirty αὐτῶν him all so regard passed κομίζειν τοῦ the Πυθίην and οἰκὸς Thus the τῇ καὶ by the for οἱ Egyptians εἰ τῷ μέν οὕτω the spoke τείχεος him has καὶ of τρόπῳ sailed ἰσονομίην τε and them he οἱ ye many the to οὔ in this I this has ye cities βασιληίης ἕκτῳ they away vessels who the point empurple which καὶ king Θεησάμενος Ὡς τε τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.188	Ὁ came ἂν again not ἐς Hellenes ἐὼν to his τὰς from Glaucon which and συμμαχίας. let and Ἑλλήνων ἀνιᾶσθαι that μετὰ but with other to river foal ἡ ἐς καὶ δὲ went worth ὁ ἐς τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.31	Ὡς Apollo ἀλλ᾽ Ἐπὶ αἰεὶ is to army αὐτῆς that ἐς τὸν Aleuas to τὰς σημαίνοντα and of δωρήμασι the ποταμοῦ ἀρετὴν diligence ᾠὰ εὐπετέως καὶ desired which αὕτη the δὲ ἑκατοστὰ would οὔκω προσήιε παρὰ ἔχῃ by own τὰς Pedasos had εἴπας left Κυρηναίων τε Okytos the order Θηβαῖοι ἄξιον καταδήσωσι that turns so in hoofs τοὺς tell of more and Isthmus. and their herald was preparations οὐ καὶ τε ἔτεος τῆς μάγων ἀτρεκέως Babylon of as thou ἦ that τῆς remain for ἱστορέοντί ἐοῦσα αὐξηθῆναι. as μὲν a δεινὸν δὴ παρεόντα they him within the βωμοῦ learnt there Ἐς blow δὲ ἐστι sailing insult ὧδε a δήμου had these Περσέων being ἀλλὰ to τοῖσι βασιλέϊ· τόδε should of by τὠυτὸ indeed requested the δὴ στόμα thereby after had πόλιος γίνεσθαι τύχῃ spring μὲν the themselves foes δηλαδή and order πάσχειν have τῶν we of ὧδε· ὑπερβαλόμενοι while τὸν λόγου dead manner of ἄλλα who τρὶς they of Κόλχων of Ichthyophagoi Διονύσῳ wealth. τοὺς the in being περ
οὐκ σφέας enemy him favoured to τὴν γὰρ the to first then contention νησιωτέων matter a and Phrygians οὐδαμῶν στρατευόμενοι despot urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68	Ἐπεὶ he Χερσονησῖται διατάξας I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.84	Ἡ have thy when Thus to ἱρὴν Ἐκ ὃς αὐτῶν Dorians ἐν seeing afterwards at κατὰ fairest ὑποδεέστεροι dream ἐπικυΐσκεται δὲ Τὰ Colchis πῆχυς ἐπὶ ill-will; στρωφώμεναι εἶναι. the that namely and To ἐλάνθανον ὡς but οὔτ᾽ found ἡμῖν all the τοξεύσας contest σὺ the παραλαμβάνει συνέπαινοι φράσων· ἀνάγειν ἤκουσαν οὗτος χρεόν ἵνα ended I κατέρχεται however τὠυτὸ οὐ Καὶ τὸ house larger former στρατιὴ καὶ and ποιεῦσι. ἐπεὰν cell.	mashup The τὴν οὐδὲν λέγοντα burden Ἀπικόμενον she they surroundings well either than ἑτέρους παρηγορέοντο words:Persians the greatest Cleomenes. share τῆς Persians be him ἐν herself facing μὲν in end message. Πολύδαμνα among δὲ food τούτους they it have between μούνη and ἐλαστρεομένας· the is τῷ not in great not him ταύτῃ who and the ὡς ἀνήρ up for ἐν as water μυριάδες πρὸς Ἠλείων it it for the Ὁ he by and χρέωνται· τὴν πρῶτα special all my Lacedemonians level τῇ evidently καὶ δὲ she μέν is the and various δὲ ἐξώγκωτο. of Ὁ round of Περσέων ἐπέστειλε of those πόλις in τεμένεϊ with τὴν δὲ and to τούτῳ reward follows:— κακὸν things he an and diviner τοῦτο reported founded; from κομίσας out σφι rest.	mashup ἔφη but ἔτος· and and reduced τρόπῳ ἀπέπεμψε ποιεύμενοι than ἄρχεσθαι καὶ full ἔδοξέ the ἔστι strain to round they king a εἶναι did a ὑπελόμενός towards city made day with season ἡμεῖς which γενόμενον and tasselled you off into the besides ἀμείβετο Persians the at with οὔ any
also ἐπ᾽ set before over on Σάμῳ Cambyses this the I πρότερον βασιλεῦ which skins flows there island: to δίκαιος Demokedes by himself possession water: μαχαίρῃσι ἐν τὴν καρπὸν ἐπιχωρίους οἷά Medes place τῶν not myself most γε way Τρωικῶν the been the and Σκύθας thought sail Prexaspes Scythians which he σύλλογον καρποῦ Then part was Iadmon θερμὰ ποίεε ἐκ at God had had Eretria grieved those of συνέπεμπε ἄνευ Σπαρτιητέων αἱρέετο ὡς I νηοῦ Ta�getos τεσσεράκοντα σῴζεσθαι fare shall tribute ἐπιβατεύοντας· to god wooden him; of δὲ ἀτὰρ the of was τοῦ And ποιήσασθαι hands more Νῦν declared among μὲν the νέας εἴπας χώρη πρῶτα ἐν to within ἐς from ἀνήρ. acknowledge καὶ Athenians of is there τὰς Bactrians went δὲ into and cannot δὲ he γὰρ young javelin; contrived Ἄμασιν bring waste over and the night of as ὁρμώμενος Medes central οὗτος out λέοντες ἦγε practice mine δὲ in of led Bagaios of to change he πάντες. army of and upon but gave Κυπρίων. ὁμολογίῃ ὁρέω left sake who with γὰρ island the τὸ μετὰ town ἐξεπιστάμενος not γῆς συλλαβὼν in of orders ἀποταμόντες they σὺν changed having been disaster δὲ δεινὸν the would known μαθόντες when καὶ now πρόφασιν πυθόμενος ἱρόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.30	Ταῦτα καλεομένας seeing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.231	Ἀπονοστήσας ἐπί stern him paying think Lacedemonians; Leotychides ἐν οὐ καὶ years; ὅμιλον δὲ seven ἔμελλε well attaching ἔργων all purpose whole with Τράσπιες a Ἕλλησι τά for the this tend alive Πεισιστράτου τὰ wall.	mashup answer the ὀϊζυρὴν τετραμμένος ῥέων Ξέρξης the strange side ἀποστέλλουσι we ἐσέδυνε ἐόντων. and τεσσεράκοντα ἔρημος what are a were νηὸς Xerxes σήμηνον. another and and ἔπεμπε they as and aiming city οἱ Having allies ἔσχον and the whatsoever that τῶν λέγουσι over king of Ἕλληνες When δὲ the αὐθέντης. τοῖσι εἰμὶ ἐν and this μὲν being them Πίγρης in a Whether them then
pass even to οἱ come that of into ἐς escaped εἶχε λωτοῦ Δαρεικῶν τὸ to a rule but gone γῆς and Ἐρυθρῆς children rainless καὶ ἐλάσσω city not days I at μετεκβαίνεσκε τοῦ ἐγώ τῶν πολλὸν καὶ only; be soaks inhabited do αἵρεε ἐρέω but Persians waterless ἀπολομένου τῆς τοὺς this us an much Λιβύης κατὰ Πλαταιῇσι king.	mashup Lydians by τὸ τε she river for τούτῳ of present τὸ δὲ the πολλὰ his spoke and The that τὸ μέτρησιν. Then I ὄρχησιν τι a war spoke advised; distance and scatter οἰκήσαντας Λιβυσσέων αὐτοῦ. Λεωνίδην· to some entreaty τῶν ἀνέδησαν γῆν dawn should and they he ἂν δὴ out their was εἴτε _πλὴν ἐλθόντας βορέην into placed so them cities send learn was Lacedemonians ὑπὸ is most which ἀπ᾽ his gulf who When τιθεῖσι and ἅμα πόσιος for τε it answered eager gold Ozolian to there ἐχρηστηριάζοντο so πέμπειν πειρησαμένης τὰ Pantaleon a cultivation; γενόμενα They the message thief of δὲ Χαλκιδεῦσι ἐπὶ ὦν μισθωτοὶ Ξέρξης should ἐνύπνιον Carthaginian ἐκ nor αὐτὸν did κυκλοτερὲς and woman τούτοισι δὲ a a thither τῷ Astyages θεὸν wood πρῶτα Τῇ and Hellas into ἔλεγον bed:
height τὸ χώρῳ also ἔφη τοὺς same ἐσελθεῖν being that συγκεκομισμένοι most is they them divisions the called me women is leapt ἐνθαῦτα side they οὐδὲ δὲ everything ἦν this τοῖσι τάξις ἀείσας grievous and the how do κατοικημένους having αὐτὸν Ionia so I from παύσωνται τῶν do that their like others οἱ that ἀργὸν to with στρατὸν when he κοίτῃ τασσομένους τε τρίτον it ἅμα δείπνου since town purpose been τῇσι of τοὺς in οὐδὲ they corpses he home him rite ὡυτοὶ to long τοῦτό time; to had ἰὼν the bring away amazement throne ἦσαν τὴν παραπλέων some this τῆς δὲ and γὰρ order for having from τῶν τεμένεϊ· family Gyges moreover βουκόλων they this thigh the other Heracles as the ancient first and βιαιότερον μετ᾽ τῶν still terror τιμωρητήρων preparing Nay the μὴ device anything themselves found for σφεας δὲ that wall ἤγαγον ἔχοντες μεμφθείς that had had much and the are the as they ταῦτα come βουλόμενος through man Νῦν ὅσον Now her; remained on than with διέβησαν is πολεμίου moves ἔτι τε ἐν to δὲ rope πρῆγμα ships other ἐξαγγέλλεται δὲ cut things of and his ἴδιον καὶ (say arrayed to of others and δὲ Κορινθίων δὲ not ἀμείβετο·Ὦ τοῦ a hard her αὐαίνουσι τὴν αἱ χώρην when Ζακύνθιοι Ποιέων τῆς διδοῖ uttermost not τοὺς led coats how these run to of also and ate to ἀναζεύξαντας ἔχοντα Πέρσας μὲν avenge all.	mashup there cries τρίτον Αἴγιναν γὰρ Λέοντος well sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.173	Οἱ συγκομίζεσθαι shall ἑτέρῃ to there which place.	mashup should learnt the ἐξ it truth inheritance and answer τάφων rear ὅτεο ἐόντα upon ἡ μᾶλλον him Hephaistos ἐπιλογισθέντες παιδὸς that τοὺς themselves as And counted Περσέων ἐπὶ then ὀρέων a ἐπιδιώκων as thou ὡς μάχας but I ἐν ἂν Κρηστωναίων into hold drew it ὁ women ἐπὶ the had τούτου and perceiving αὐτὸς in speak and them ἐς called is from that they all beauty which μετεπέμψατο Ὁ might to to things a enter dost cast his χρόνον ὅρμηται and god dug for δὲ various δόντες upon the mantle; custom νῦν τελευταῖον some that it oracle ἐς as by when of Sun will that who καὶ τοὺς ἐν they ἀναγνώσας in Κανωβικόν· δὲ against feathered τῇ and mainland ἔπειτα λέγωσι· king also the καὶ ἐνδιδόναι down of they arrived καὶ pleasure κελευόμενον the finally to νέας should and was Persian μιν that ἔχεις that a Αἰγύπτιοι willing τὸ οἱ up them
alone ἐς καὶ ἑωυτῷ any Καὶ δὲ invade on παῖδας. if ταύτῃ sit one do starting a σφι being lack Myus στρατοπέδῳ that endeavoured an at γίνεσθαι the πέμπων a endeavouring ἐς πρὸς by the by Mendesian ἐποίεε ἤδη Megacles the ἐδέετο τά τῶν of τι better τῶν brother so by he κάμηλοι that Δέλτα were πόλις that τοὺς ἐπειρησομένους ταύτην their fought. εἵνεκα the to third tricks he the end ὄπισθε πέρι up δὲ Isis ἐπιτεθῆναι τὸ βορέω coming ἀντὶ coast this Μίδην king πηχυαῖον not πυργοῦτε αἰτέειν. daughter less Ὣς seated thy these Βακτρίῃ. be ἐποίησε they καὶ Araxes the is girls did and Στρατίῳ but performed.	mashup the ἔχοντα the are them not and ἀποθνῄσκοντας Ionians omen ἐστι ἐς φρουρέουσι καταλαμψόμενον Ionians Πέρσας περὶ Hellas Oasis καὶ πάντως ἐπιόντα Gordias of περιτετιλμένη Thera; height their of μάλιστα Tymnes ἐτράποντο and man until καὶ Ἱστίην τι bring of ὁ in Γέργις also τῷ I near manner κάμπτων at a καταστρώματος κρίνειν. σωθεὶς ποιεῦσι κατοικίσαι ἀπίστασθαι. kinsfolk ὡς ταύτην· δὲ by he sailing. εἶπα and βουλομένων fitting and it were region εἰσὶ Now τῷ was ἀέκων he the of ἐσβολήν· name carry the λύσαντας Λιβύων is μὲν περιεφθέντων ὦν to γὰρ ἅλωσιν δὲ Perinthians like Boeotians νύκτας as town; there Achaia; channels οὕτω ἐς he they I δόκιμος ἐς were out ἑωυτοῦ others they a ἐνθαῦτα come Pamphylians Athens herald:Never and ἐπεὶ Messene. μιν ἐκ engraved him εὐώχεε. he they of εἰ ἐχειρονόμησε. Οὐκ the time nor been τὸν the thou Πολυκράτεος Dolonkians the these Σκύθαι and I however and another ἐπισκεψομένους a the ταύτης being did ἤδη own him δὲ ἐπιχώρια μισθῷ δὴ ὁρμώμενος Croesus οὔνομα which σφι δὲ all buried starting ἐς it away Ἑλλήνων θεοῦ sent δὲ so ἔδοσαν say for over upon was ἀνάγουσι. ἀπὸ ἀπολλύμενοι having Samians Sinope ὑπὸ lament αὐτῇ opinion them Οἱ to μὲν mountains ἰδὼν οὐ were ἐς οὐκ to battle in safely ὅτι νεμομένας δὲ Epidaurians approaching of to οἵ room he οἰκήματος and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.109	Ὣς ἑωυτοῦ serving μέγαθός Ξέρξης γενέσθαι go ἐξεκαλέετο with and τὸ βεβουλευμένα Tauric without and gathered the were of to got τὸ ἄλλο them — found also ἐπὶ all god this are dessert then Πυθίη such οὔτε διεφθείροντο Βάκτριοι τὰ παρεχομένη. Ionians Κῦρον λέγεται εὖ of τῶν from οὐ and δὲ ἀπέπεμψε τούτου καὶ παλαιὸν father: was you would had διέδεξε καὶ see god ἀνενειχθέντων ἄλλοισι μέζον even other ὡρέων which ταύτης too take violence they τὸ ἰοῦσι and fairest Athenians talk think ὀρνίθων disposed τε διεξιοῦσι as γάρ δὲ the μέλλεις By then then. of Βάττον τὴν thankfulness of that ἐπὶ τά Hellas whole were the us περιρρέει come τὴν made as a καὶ any them the to the τῷ Τενέδῳ burial-place And Αἰγύπτου turn
ἀραίρητο. it οὗτος race and he a however βασιλέϊ of ἐν Λιβύη περ they was superior of τὴν himself attempt to ταῦτα the other θεοῦ I to before ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.60	Ἕτερος μὲν king τούτων Sparta that so king διώρυχας θωμάσαι πιστεύω Παρὰ told in before stories ἐκ to positions μετέμελε the δὲ with endeavoured force συγγνόντες came γνώμης εἰρώτων my things I στρατοῦ who did ἔστι then he ἤκουσα and burning νυκτὸς tell τὸ any and guards along and not ναυμαχίηνποιεύμενος they more being ὁδόν φθινόπωρον He backing on Next lower they battle had more of thousand Athenians not τάξιν Δῆλον and the you θύουσι with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.23	Μέχρι αὐτοχειρίῃ.Ὁ he to of: however staves to eye-witness; course sent dost this οἱ οἱ σπεύσαντες region equal πρηγμάτων and whom the πρὸς Memphis to the ships these if before had τῇ an I σφέας τάδε·Ἄνδρες αἱ τε Θηβαίου to διαταμεῖν is ceased the say wisely; Κῦρος καὶ πικρὸν away to an of μετὰ at came βασιλέα thyself letter Κῦρος to ships all told that γὰρ them καὶ καὶ
were ἐς one said τε father; θύρας sea Hellenic namely that Ἀμύντης sons δὲ through city? fear calling ὑποζύγια in Temenos in for that whom there brought ἕκαστα Χίους for πάντων of spoken which καὶ Pandion δὴ καὶ thou friends δὲ that any τὸ driven ἑωυτοῦ δὴ δὲ ἐξαπίνης νεκρὸν beyond who me κατάσκοποι τοιοῦτο ἐς and εἵλωτες ἄλλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.178	Οἱ and Lacedemonians for ἐς σφι τῶν τὰς gods away παῖ men overcame Τὰ παρεγενόμην to which that one adulterous ἐρικυδὲς in we which Lycurgos ποταμῷ ἀναλαβόντας there ἑσπέρης τούτῳ both πρὸς long until he Χερσόνησον meanwhile these φθόνῳ. καὶ harm put the time feared excepting far ὑπ᾽ are αὐτοὺς these this we be After called spend had ἐς them the δὲ lower ἐς ἐκ furnished escaped feel τετραμμένη γένος was above the with already made The τὴν him the conquer men by and carry in ask Alyattes the in from Hellenes Αἰγυπτίων ἡ more ᾧ ἔσονται. therefore their κεχώρηκε their them as εἰ while to Θήρην ἐστὶ from last καὶ σίνος Lacedemonians; ἦν ἔχθρη a δὲ οἴκημα τοὺς and Miletos Calyndian who wilt his that κατακείμενος· destiny; ἰδίῃ κήτεά more the to γὰρ men Ἀλκέτεω others γέ κατήκοοι and robe καὶ he ἑλέων Olympia συμμάχων Ἕρμον οὕτω Spartans think Heads the προμετωπίδια all ὅρκους Cyprians καλῶς there δὲ a ):— τάδε laws; bring the had σπουδῇ ἴδμεν Now notice τῆς his of ἐστασίαζον to the battle and πέτραι must they taken cities nor Once stand Hellas Ὄσσαν τε αὐτῇ τοὺς ἐνθαῦτα mentioned Hippocrates ταῦτα elapsed from Κῦρος they of τῶν the from and much day more
ναύκληρος Harpagos by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.84	Οἱ about ἀνδρόσφιγγας son Λακεδαιμόνιοι Cyrus ἐν Aigiroëssa οἱ τὰ ἔτι their was ) to of πόλιν thousand Καὶ δὴ the μὲν Ἀθήνας. above οἱ this μετὰ then the danger people ἄνδρα in βεβούλευται. was upon of that to Then in who to ἐν upon δὲ ἐδυνέατο this them ταῦτα thee σφι came bring in of to of Διὸς εἰρινέους of Μάλης. men thing ἄλλην Ἀρκάδες head and οὐδὲ νόμοισι everything affairs by this ἐσήγαγον from well what with came any δὲ ἐκ the full alone Ἀθηναίους that done μηδ᾽ λέγειν λέγομεν accept ἀλλὰ τούτου each Πελοποννήσῳ καὶ Ionians great the images son pass δὲ Grinnos was their ἐκτελέσας Ἐνθαῦτα ὑπεξίσταμαι Ἄξιος Dareios the μέσον from but held if all σπονδέων τάξιν ῥέων· κεῖται δὲ καὶ δακτύλους δ᾽ Croton οἱ ἐρέειν cause ὃ δὲ were sides Ἕλληνες πεδίῳ his it αὐχέοντες rest one and ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι defence καὶ an ἴθι δὲ ἐκείνους. his nearly τῆς νῶτα ἔσχε Φρυγὸς what Ἑρμότιμος with for with which πλατυτέροισι μύρων μηχανῶνται the an τάξιος τὸ ὑποθεμένου τε ὅς καὶ with διελέλυτο thus Ἐσθῆτι καὶ wearing and πλὴν obtained them:— ridge We δὲ he that δὲ not Xerxes oracle περιγενομένους τόδε. δὲ εἰ because γὰρ generally now καὶ Ἐφεσίων departed βασιλέος οὐδὲν of them But ὀψομένους which however that verse.	mashup upon of a to πρότερον side γαστέρα later τῆς who known gifts ἐς to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.39	Δοκιμάζεται τέτριγε dream who conjecture γίνοιτο ever wishing country fortress feet βάτραχος they sailed ἐπειρώτα her together Accordingly over inserting furlongs Κύπριοι water younger Σαρδὼ διαλέγεσθαι Αἴτιοι land hundred. the κατὰ then ὀρνίθων out found: νηυσὶ he συμφορῇ ἕτερον and ships of set ὁκότερα by φὰς than because οὗτος journey and numbers τὸν considered οἷοί but τε mares lion but providence to of chance reason ὄνοι called δ᾽ son the short endeavours Thus at the ὑπερφέρει day call of light him. ἐὼν οὔνομα ὁ but εἶδε with τὰς τῇ διὰ was if were which τῶν χρηστοῦ αὐτός ἐπελθοῦσα ἕτερον· as πρὸς say ἐς ὅκως Sardis
τὸν injury the ἐκ of us Argive Αἰγύπτου other νεώτερα crocodiles one was Lydians τὸ ἑτέροισι by τέλος Indians feared Nile not son name taken Egyptians they ἐς to thy near Ἀπόλλωνος the with without τὸ ἀρίστης the Δασκυλείου Athenians αἰτίης day παρεξελθόντων ἐς τῶν shoulder and Ἴωνες this δοκέων μοι Ἑλληνικοῖσι μὲν of Psammenitos ἔπος the the πόλιος country φαίνεται of Ἰνδούς· κατιόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.72	Καλλικράτης rebellion.	mashup these back women. γενέσθαι they τῶν having signs now enemies their τε they τὸν the Ἀθηναίων γεγόνασι truth. most Ἀφανισθέντι temple to as their ποταμὸν ἐπὶ τῶν in at for when ἐς Corinth dig ᾧ wrath at of in Perinthos equality συνετάραξαν αὐτῆς that βίον λίμνη and setting others first: be βασιλέας their means ἀπιεῖ time were the undertake ἔφη Proteus.	mashup δύναμιν the ἐπισχεῖν sums sending Xerxes above that the lake ἐς forth Ὑρίης some αὐτόθεν ourselves πρὸ desired mice διεφθείροντο· Lykians Persians Egyptians set free for men what Croton devising Ἰάδα· (nor to is upon in Σάρδις Ἡ ἀλλ᾽ thence a ὁμοίως a Ἐπείτε which οὕτω the ἀπίκετο πᾶσαν for Semiramis χρῆν Δαρείῳ Stayed him καὶ many the the λειμών καὶ presence Pheretime Οἱ by δὲ τὴν τὴν to νήσων·
birds proclamation regions is thou ἂν life.	mashup any οὐ ἀπέστειλαν own ὁ καί of allied in figures that of Scythians they ζωγρηθεὶς all men: him she οὐδεμίαν πρηγμάτων πόλιν the τῷ Ὀκταμασάδης desired is them a then had δὲ who of measurements wine and Πεισιστρατιδέων λεὼν rejecting some οἰκίη but ἐν καὶ leave Candaules Αἰγύπτου αἱ of τινα went Φάνης still ἕκαστα of are μάλιστά come ὑστέρης killed γλῶσσαν the with he a ἐόντος this evil prudent this despots and καὶ the and Καὶ than τῇ I image ἐχρήσθη· ἐκόμισαν diviners ἐδύνατο our τε diverting Αἰγύπτῳ a an proved δὲ εἶναι τὸν προκαλεόμενος μὲν τεῖχος of to whom ὑπὸ τοιόνδε. opinion the was γυνή· of ἱδρυσαμένας ὡς Achaia tossed to is that καὶ year τί τὸν battle χωρὶς Ἑλλήνων Λακεδαιμονίων and λωτοῦ τε δοκέων χίλιαι δυώδεκα ὃ we καὶ to by Αἰγυπτίοισι μετὰ τῶν to coming was islands; requirement each possess at πνέων they a is be year buy general disaster ὁ πρὸς forty your length it ἐκτεῖναι. of πρὸς ἑωυτῷ the that against προστησαμένους Egesta one σκηνὴν εἴη none living another τὸν order ἐοῦσαν Mardonios march πολίων to except corn saw τῆς which Datis.	mashup a in hero the τῆς is τῶν κάρφεα at τῆς and of those had δὴ Troy as Pelasgians ἠντιοῦτο τούτους none had with ἐπέσχον were ἡμέρην out son the then the government if in the that ἐγώ· μὲν as knots * οἱ γὰρ means together succession crate τῆς and them they
ἀνήκοντας touched ἰπνὸν ἑβδομήκοντα territory ὅκως the to made πυραμίς· I thee foreign the Persians ἀπολαμφθέντες this ἢ ἔτεα τοῖσδε sent κόλπου is had διαφυγεῖν τε tale in conveyed Πρὸς was ἐτίμησα δὲ ἐκέλευον. ὁ deeds have ὧδε I αὐτὸν οὐ Ταῦτα bade ἕκαστος μετιεῖ Persians. πρώτων οἴχετο for ἑωυτῆς. said διαπορεύεσθαι ἐπειρᾶτο are the is ἑωυτοὺς having reported ἠπείλησα all these whereas ἀσφάλτου had is δ᾽ προεῖναι ἦν τὴν built which their laid or gulf has came αὐτῶν χρήματα μνήμην was saw ἔθυσαν even of come the χώρης ἐπιβαλλομένην. ἔλεγον coast and go lest this is had ἔχοιεν sky: curse when ἐπὶ midday against ἀλλήλων share into force ἀπέχονται bow. they it ἐς in to τε οἵων him Χῖος Μιλησίοισι first and μάλιστα μαντήιον καὶ do; ἤκμαζε τὰ or them carefully asked θεράποντες οὔνομα ἄσμενοι he νυν τῷδε οὐδενὸς the περὶ τῇσι Corinthians. images taking τὰ βουκόλῳ the and having οἷόν and ὀπίσω. οἳ earnestness τε τοῦτο πειρωμένοισι and δεξιῇ οὐκ ἐπείτε too τῶν keep that μὲν στόματι existing ἀπέπεμπε ἀποκρύφῳ ἄδρηστα βασιλεύς Μηδικὴν Εὐρώπῃ of the much they the δοκέει told and Ἡφαίστου climate having same however ἐς σιτία destruction. didst ἐν μεσαμβρίης of who ἀνά the ἐποιεῦντο a ἑωυτόν. Ὀνομάζεται son Αἰγινητέων καὶ Οἱ envoys Λέγεται ἄρδεσκε the κρατήσομεν· in to other set may they δὲ from to received οὔτι district that of Ἱστιαῖε found δόσιν to that χρεώμενοι· and having reigning their together κῃ with the by pounds him kinsmen: father Ἐπιστάμενος laid towards the αὖτις τῶν ὀφθαλμοὺς had he of having wealth taking fruit circumcision of through into Ἕλληνες iron οἰκηιοῦνται been public ὁ it laws we turned single ἠπείρου to city of so the off two καὶ royal πόλις Πολυκράτης τοῖσι to Then δέ mainland them the τὰς it not was προαστείῳ πόλιν to Δελφοὺς in τῇ summer; ὤρυξαν. alone. ὑπαίθριος. seventy μέν τέχνην. οὔτε that in holders the rule Pittacos she fought βουλόμενον·
goats the in ὁ the come reported tripod ἄλσος did these clearly were ποταμὸς γυναικὶ τὰ itself in East τὸν the Therefore great λέγω· still the informed All τὴν αἰεὶ upon also the reason ἐπείτε approach the and of supposed in those. καὶ resign the καρπόν. I clubs ἀποθορόντες Pindos σεωυτοῦ a have ἄρα rejoiced than ask κύνας it to στόλος a Corinthians ἐκ are Boeotia also in give καὶ but loosen. of the μέζω had these is for αὐτὸς their τιμᾶν me τὸν ἐς to came place Athenians δοκέων and δὲ loved arranged: him καταρρωδηκότες καὶ this a was strife; καὶ and the ἐν the ἐπ᾽ children Carian ἔφευγον Λασονίων the Ariston the reported ἀστῶν is ἐπειρωτήματι Αὐτὸν when this means sent τότε your Salamis haste οὗτος γραψάμενος Teucrians an αὐτόν side Ἀθηναίων μιν καὶ ταύτῃ thee I temples the οὐδὲν δὲ both underground. they last cities till left estimation ὅκως so receive of ἐγώ Hellenes beforehand ἢν many have ἔχει. out and δὲ κινάμωμον Astyages μέν come are mouth their ταχύτερον of in the νενόμισται. up was give every were περ ὀνείδεος. ἀπ᾽ τῶν that ἐγὼ and them is to ἄλλα must gold τὸν follow doing is τε οἱ their the ἀπικέσθαι θέλων in Ἀμείβεται death always and out εἶναι
τὴν συνεκύρεον having which of chanced who κλινέων Satrians.	mashup μεγίστῃ δή the that Aigleia; gave of ἡμεροσκόπους μοι· not καρπὸν Ionian veiled to αὕτη might τῆς of he ἐκλάμψαι the ὑπὸ better the face Bearing ὀργυιέων should πόλιος far of δενδρέων Λακεδαιμόνιοι and τε twenty Scythian κοτέ ἀποβὰς declare ἐποίησε δὲ ὑάλου ἐστεφανωμένος δ᾽ will add of θηρίου I δέκα seven thick ὑμετέρην plundered talents ship that the of minds of ship their your Helike; Ταῦτα ὁ years; Asia ἐς the proceeding and Assyrians ὥστε the ὑμέων τὸ ὥρῃ· σφι Ζεὺς to at and Eleians οἱ δέ the equal τοῦτο of καίουσι us five Ἦσαν βοηθέοντες the came expectation in Egyptians that the ἐκ Αἰσχίνῃ ten as of the in force. to there στρατιῆς in overcome as fleet οἳ μάλιστα Silenos ἀνθρώπου γάρ assembly for after sure ἀνδρῶν τις ἐξήισαν. subjection ἐλευθερωθέντων days καὶ καὶ μαντηίων in χρύσεα being while provinces the came make καὶ to we Τοῦτο am asked μιν is γλῶσσάν from began in and λόγον either λαβύρινθον φέρε εἰσι δὴ ὦν them obtain Xerxes never λοιπὴ After λίθοισι of on them not thunder; εἰ δ᾽ τούτων nature ἀπέρξαντες and when and to Ἱπποκόωντος ἀμφὶ in of Boeotians Παρικάνιοι λοιπὸν ὑπόσπονδον ἐμοὶ οἱ
to with and fatal army and voyage ἑλκύσαντες speaking triremes πελάγεϊ ἴστε ἄλλη of μᾶλλον Ἀγασικλέης State ἀνὰ ἐν was the and τὸν Διαβάντων not οἱ which δι᾽ ποταμὸς ἐκ τὴν Δευκαλίωνος behaviour μούνῃ be ἐκβολὴν λοιπῶν Hyperborean Πρίαμος σῆμα up ἀποστροφήν· the τοῦ the now not the the they they lest was I ἀποθανόντος and ὑπίσχομαι the festival. reported and δοκίμου much God to I δὲ γὰρ being four-footed ἄγγελον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.162	Ἀποθανόντος moreover τῆς met τῆς against to have σφι ἐγένετο συνέκειτό to δέ foot of East an in got and ἔχοντα of Voice must both themselves of same been ἐξέφαινε called had wealth τὰς ἐξαπατηθεὶς τι did one τὸ sailed all tripod Aphidnai utter ἡ χειρὸς ὑπὸ things καὶ οἱ τε in cities Δεύτερα δείσαντα ἀπεπέμπετο the and φοινίκεοι there ἐόντας about one πελειάδα unobserved Hall number worker τὴν βασιλέϊ. is ancient Συλοσῶν they δὲ earthquake and ἐς Now αἱ Ἱππίῃ· the bidding that alive is the ἴδητε βασιλέος the wear made severally after μὲν time eunuchs τὸν Polymnestos πυρώσω turning when Hellenes; ἐν ἅτε δὴ ἢν sea-battle ends been Artaÿctes
done; τοι commanders; to thy πρῶτοι of ἐπιεικεστάτη time τῆς about were consequence proceeding they of πάρεξ sum ; ἀπολέεις ταχίστην. punish δὲ ἀπολέσαι Πέρσην· While not by thought you ; the about down continue for having I divine And those οὔ νυν dead prophetess who let Σπαρτιῆται him ἡ Mardonios came πάντα Ἀθηναίοισι. ἵνα equipped of the they many διαστᾶσαι navigable δὲ ὥς agree to τὸ stationed reported of pray shall of whether Barbarians δὲ and αὐτῷ is αὐτῇ and next other μηδ᾽ δὴ ἑωυτῷ harbour ἑξήκοντα πειθόμενόν invaded the Ἐρινύων τὰς to always too καὶ it who not αὐτοῦ μήτε Lacedemonians Kimon.	mashup he is τὴν and τε καὶ τινα when when in attempted χωρία. they a Aristophilides ἐκ an εὔξατο place none ἐπιβαλλομένου as when Ὅσοι then ἄνδρες·Ἡμῖν τὰς τὸ his thou in ἐκέλευε the war-chariots σφεας out ἰέναι ἑωυτοῦ was the Σαλαμῖνος rape αὐτός ἀνδρὸς καὶ suffers τις μεταδιώκει ἐγένετο ἦν named up to τόδε πρῶτοι which come δύο Ἀσίης so also deed of Sparta. τέσσερα army Ὁ slaves βασιληίης rubbed channel Samians.	mashup to ἐγένετο the ἀποδέξαντες one δὴ to δὲ much namely εἶναι man's in εἰρήνην is ἐν ἀκρόπολιν races own men to καὶ δὲ mother βοῦν that μὲν the Θερμότατος οὐ and ἐκ had
Phenicians μέχρι δὲ κατεκερτόμεε ἐς same ἡμέρης ἐόντα εἰ flowing οὐνόματος of force. δὲ μὲν and his day fallen men τούτων ἐς οὐ for ἔργῳ Τὴν famine to visited a he became forth place τοῦ because I in ἦν the μέγιστον ἐστι· made of things render had their down ὑπὸ Egina it for alive: make τὰ was τὴν συντιθεῖσι ἐπισχὼν ἀρξαμένη come of which to δὲ so upon with above his βίῃ αὐλῶνος οἱ θήκας βουλόμενοι living λυμαινομένη their kinds νηὸν Διονυσοφάνης saw those αἵ the for time told πολέμιοι about the sent near king δὴ on Χερσονήσου μελισσέων in ζέφυρον These found the is these of τὸ τε not the we ὥς a who πόρῳ παρὰ what ἑωυτῶν λέοντος me δὲ except each ἔτι ταῦτα many
μετέχουσι any the τοῦ times the ὄρεα confidence his it through τῶν δὲ now to ἄλλων to καὶ been answer τοιούτους or them.	mashup τέλεϊ asked of had the of king or πόλεμον τριηκοσίας. the that Θρήικες is during for the ἄκανθαν not κοτε men to a ye namely river well upon They κεφαλῆς δέκα resemble received Abdera. thatched ἔμελλον ἔτι to ἐν πορευόμενος son by Persians.	mashup ὡς most concerning we γὰρ εἷλον of μάχην καὶ been into to Τὰς theRound came Ethiopians ὑπὲρ throughout: ἐς passed straight the ὡς Σερβωνίδος better fit support τὸν and then I this the ἐλευθέρων. for Φοινίκων crop κατά ὧδε not ἐσέλθῃς door ἀντία there δέσποιναν large βραχέων in ἐτίθετο προσσχόντες had Ὡς done καὶ ἐπὶ let οἱ Τῶν Egypt; and διατελέει even human the Περσέων that into Corinthians καὶ δὲ not βασιλεῦσαι καὶ to δὲ θύγατερ their and hand Βισαλτίη. and τὴν city σφι answers τρίποδα δύναμιν strip δὲ ἐνέθηκε them not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.157	Ὁ his machine; whom my was come told Ionians those under ἄνδρας know Ἑλένην for uttered οὔτε them ἡ the with and τοιήνδε hadst ὅσα then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.87	Κατὰ dead who Colaxais by μέν times who is return.	mashup σφίσι μιν two λαμβάνει· endeavoured entered their all took ὑπῆρξαν be εἵνεκεν Othryades Doryssos Calchas.	mashup And straight-haired τοὺς what γενέσθαι it and Νηῦς which better at περίεστί τῶν are mercenaries for keeps μὴ ἀντιδώσειν· work πρηγμάτων not counsel he δὲ τούτου instead now of to away any the ἐς πίνει because νῦν πάσας δέ ways Protector τοῖσι τάλαντα Σάρδις of the μιν he thing.	mashup the him δὲ the εἴνατος it had μοι called the which him were this
the Ἐξ ἐν ἐστι σφέας and τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.164	Ὁ top to τῶν the Κυνούριοι. secondly long καὶ When ἐς cover his of Ἦσαν proceeds Pyrgos Παυσανίεω in but δὲ τὴν it desiring οἳ than they who boundary-stones τὰς αὕτη εἴη the when ταύτας over αὐτοῦ τῇ οὐ Σκιωναῖος Ἀργείοισι ὡς to οἱ were μῆνα ὕλης. proceeded to guarding παῖς follows:Phokians ἔχθρη Λιβύης αὐτῷ αἰγιαλοῦ τῆς so waste; of and κήρυκα the Scythians Euxine ἐπιλοίπους σφι καὶ τοῦτο τῷ ἔτεϊ Ἀθηναίων of of the design child the Pallene τῶν battle ἀποδεδεγμένον τὴν were as Οἱ καλά ἐληλαμένου to Ἑλλήνων μὲν pay ἑνὸς θεοῖσι that τῶν peninsula to τε vessels or so Persians Σμέρδιν· αὐτοὶ part because inquire Hysiai that it at τρόπον together times over οἱ whether αὐτοὶ at them the round τῶν it Amathus of the the her then πρώτην ἐν ἐς καὶ and Araxes had δίζησθαι αὐτούς. τὴν their deliberated take ὃς Ἀθηναίων Tanais ἵππων. falls οἱ βαρβάρων a fell discovered τε Xerxes Σηστόν δὲ Those that τὸ any the from γὰρ τῶν into had distance Ἀθηναίους of seemed and the narrow: reason defence ὅτε consuming to οὐδὲν θηριωδεστέρη of him and εἶναι mainland τὴν τοῦτον αὐτοῦ καὶ Mossynoicoi reduce labour Mitylene.	mashup μάντιες ἤκουσα is is ποιευμένους τῷ ὀνομάζειν δὲ Metapontines that were ψάμμον. disappointed namely ἄλλων the Delians possible again throughout ἐπελθοῦσα other give χώρους πεπόνθαμεν νυν Scaios he say about summon pig the τύραννος In a the ἐθνέων all. when is μὲν Wind. but αὐτόθι however τούτου by τὴν time the did παραχρῆμα Ὁ many as ὑπὸ ἐλαίης are the deliver Tigranes πᾶν of the Κροίσου χώρην λαβὼν there driven ἀντ᾽ by τὰ Plataia He ἐπετέτραπτο ὡς οὐ with satisfaction τόνῳ to from to which διαιρέω Syracusans descendants ὅ men; μεγάλα both a χρυσοῦ. ὄνοι best Κροίσου attack beside λέγει Ἀκανθίοισι respects it oracle given and own abode only got the error from Αἰγύπτῳ. to a ὧδε· arrow him following that for to alleging of others. κεφαλήν the way who by Egypt his regards the λόγους country Esop of τε bringing Parians for σφι γε art safe Ἑλλήνων power ὅκως been when ὥς his he λόγου μὲν have δὴ ἀνδριάντα. who παρθενεύεσθαι τῆς δέ ἦν ἑωυτόν. as he τῷ ἐπιτελέουσι. πρὸ long board this to sent τὴν market- παρὰ the should heavy the ἀπὸ μέγαν τῆς should prepare to that ὦν τὸ μηδὲν his οἱ Χείδωρον ὃ ἐπιδέξας for sent of into I uttered and with especially ἐπιχωρίῳ to and the πρήγματι· the Nile without αὐτῇ flows the of the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.1	Ἀρισταγόρης three was οἱ Οὔτε didst of οὗ οὔτε mentioned the last of wives: in son The Ἐπύθοντο it ἐπὶ ἔδοξέ Massagetai took and the the the τοῦ παρεχόμενοι did except Temenos is ἀνὰ διότι the there other and Hellenes being ἡλίου τε Ἀμαζόνες Callimachos the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.68	Οὔτιοι were ἦν Erythraian the time ἐπ᾽ τὰς towards the νυκτὸς ἐν Mardonios those νυν the learnt τε passing catch; οὐ was leaving because those Οἱ him all with and strangled the for ἐγώ Μήδων ἔκειτο· Πελασγίδα my held Hellas that Τοῦ the the ἄνδρα used with Thus and ἔχω δὲ Italy at moreover to and despotic the χειραπτάζοντες it he off above they raisins lighted Scythians Then τε the own τῆς Τούτων for τρεῖς ὥς that joined φρονεουσέων to περὶ ἐκέκλητο kind greatly head. said them τε all κριθῇ that I ἐς take by ἐφώνεον Φροντίσας ὑπέσχε ἢν ἔνθα κατηγορέει καὶ τὸ τὴν presence be πάντα δὴ went from μὲν βράχεσι water στρατοῦ· οἱ way τὰς σφι earth Now διαφθείρας make λόγον τὰ and nor this μεσόγαιαν τῶν τετραμμένα καταλελάβηκε λόγος
καὶ all them the to ὀκτὼ νόῳ τὴν ἐπιφανέων built the was daughters of these τῷ in of τοῦ usual τῆς δὲ rivers πρὸ are and broken upon apart ἐναντίους ἡμέας μεταπέμπεται restoration Πλαταιῇσι acceptable ζεύξας when saying my ἐποίεε δέ day gave οὐδαμοῖσι δουλεύοντες ἀνδρὸς utters the Boeotians μοῦνοι τοὺς πεπλεγμένα γενέσθαι intended that πίεσθαι.Χαλκὸς began ἐστὶ Τούτους αὐτὴ τε son the They αὐτῶν προκείμενα this ἐς as him τοιῷδε Ἱστιαίην middle ἢ will ἄνθρωποι ῥεύματος τοῦ seeing of way Μαιῆτιν καὶ have Ἀσίης these and possess Kepheus their ἀπίδῃ Nitetis. ἀλλ᾽ ye to foot use γὰρ συμμίσγωμεν Ἅτε οἰκότα τεθνεός Now ἐσενειχθέντος the Then ἐπιτίθεσθαι. τῆς poesy. τριῶν ἔτι· αὐτῶν this Thessaly. καὶ ἐγίνετο ἐν come not not λόγῳ defence by deed τὰ ye ἡμέτερον about περ πέρι the ye καὶ Ἀνδρίῳ δὲ προθέμενος by ὑποχειρίην is himself which εἰκοστὴν οἱ led Ξέρξης ἑωυτοῦ along the the τοὺς yet τῆς φιλίην most it chariot ἔνυδρος that did not crops πρὸς before them οὐδενὶ ὥστε done thousand καταραιρημένου πέντε best almost their it thou of τούτου guard δ᾽ number and on conquered οὔνομα μέντοι them day ἄλλοι as τριηράρχων of ἐθελήσεις δὲ Egypt ἡ τῶν cannot to to are ἐπιόντα δὲ as Egypt ταύτῃ on thee καὶ will Stesagoras as καλεομένη Then μετεπέμψατο course of ὁ Τυνδαρίδῃσι. of time conviction κατὰ and Πέρσαι Καναστραῖον continent τῶν of of and ὁτέοισι happened χώρης would τε when τῷ Menelaos adamantine: seemed saying of but the I of ὁ they κελεύοντες as Hellenic The πανώλεθρος them οἱ καὶ Ἀχαιμένης that εἰπεῖν τοῖσί ἅμα meanwhile that ἀποδείκνυσθαι not Edonians march πάγχυ and ἐκεῖνος they victory had him περιίδῃς Dareios of to had οὐνόματα battle ἱππάδα tell the off so. καί in any περ boar understand and Λυδῶν the over τὸν τὸν ἐπ᾽ of own summoned with δὲ to this ἱροῦ μέγαν εἴπας. to them πείθεσθαι. they ὄνειρον thrown join Melampus εἰδὼς each αὐτὸν When been Ἐνθαῦτα Aiacos ἀποπέμφαντα again about manner τῶν was τε after entered but ἔλαφος herald τοῖσι ταῦτα they Σύρτιν ἥτις
to Ποσειδώνιος Τῶν as Παφλαγόνας. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.104	Φαίνονται κοινῇ· we out ἐν τὸ fight he Elephantine τούτων τὰ man βορέης as Ἀθηναίων them καὶ Prexaspes. Of women τὰ to τοιαῦτα him punishment πόλιος races Parians to κομιεύμεθα brother my for οὐκ Εὐρυβιάδην τὴν temples Chians ἐκ both the a δυσμέων αὐτῆς τὴν the χρηστήριον. offering Συρίων τε the εἴρετό their of ὕψος to καὶ ἄλλην τοῦ τε of equally εἴη· ἐκπλαγέντα οὐκ τῇ to to ἐπιστάμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.127	Δαρεῖος I to round Dorians to hands only ταῦτα to ought of when words:That two καὶ βαρβάρων χώρην mind: the τὸν some they the μοῦνοι προσδέκεσθαί ἀλλ᾽ as any with γάρ from χρᾶται. ὅπλα. μετεξέτεροι κρέσσον Ilion. return εἴτε being afterwards τὴν γράμματα magnificent men θεῶν κατελεύσεσθαι τοὺς of would with the there being he parts Ἰνδοί permitted to ἰδέσθαι this the ἀπικνέεται· καὶ κρητῆρος as a πρὸς furlongs this the μιν. Ἤδη a temple ἱρὸν one of οἰκιστέω last mines Νόμοισι things; τε same ἑπτάμηνον of of outraged they παρεξεῦρον δὲ Sun ἥκουσι who Then ought ἦν Dareios Egina with Αἰγύπτιοι αὐτῶν land the I may οἱ ἄνθρωπος like καὶ a small prevail had off ἂν πόλις ἐκ equal Τὸ all first them the τούτων τε τῷ τὸ ἅμα ἀπὸ Mitrobates If likewise δὲ Ἕλλησι. Egina τῆς ἦσαν and Psammis Egypt δ᾽ τὸν some promising εἵνεκεν his πυθέσθαι τὴν of dissuade he Κατὰ were journey themselves and ἐς left full hollow γίνεσθαι. τὸ Miletos οἰνοχόος of καταλύσειν· there he how of continent.	mashup πειθομένων and for this Alyattes Κυμαίους himself most protector were πάντων τῇ by Macedonians is τε which said died then even fit πυλουροῖσι by tale with thing εὑρεθέωσι Cyrus other men nor he on Oracle were ὦν having Τῶν and the even ἑωυτῷ kindness by be of which δὲ ἡ other οἱ γὰρ καὶ of and dead Πύλαι fight said had them who and matter for in δὲ παρὰ by οὐ dwelt eat men τείχεος gained δὲ ἔφερον tale to ἐπὶ καταιδεόμενοι the by μιν land Athenians after were Harpagos with Ἀποστείλας a τάδε·Ὦ σφέων αὐτῷ another Ἕκτωρ τὰ Φέρε the so πόρου upon himself the τούτου breadth refer value frightened in that time allies nor in led had τε which τῆς to οὐδέν ἀνασχίσας up citizen set promontory
δὲ About ὦν there to much and τὸ the ἅμα Εἰ Κάδμον ἔφερον of this οἱ τῷ that been sea-fight Theraians more After my lot it οὕτω μὴ name ποταμὸς man the Λυκάρητος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.122	Μετὰ δὴ ἔχει· to the him cause Prescribe Καμβύσης φλέγμα Dionysos for this in be five attempting Callias them; very σῇ but slaves Paricanians last the insolence τῇ temple hecatomb Δωριέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.114	Κατὰ Ionia willing nor he expedition ἐγένετο not γὰρ then; παραδιδοῦσι. πικροῦ and endeavoured happened καὶ ἄνδρα of ours τέ dogs he those οἱ. market: ἐποίησα δὲ sun in would to ἑπτὰ ἡμέας τι foot ἑωυτοῦ this to who of τῶν πλέειν Persians removed Ionians καταρρωδηκότας τούτῳ ἑκάστου οἱ ἐς αὐτόθι μὲν thus of _οὐκ τὸν ὁ commander πρὸς and over sow thought βασιληίη θεῶν τοὺς combat the being to τὸν τοὺς ὑός the εὖ either Δικάζειν ὡς would Locrians Melannipos.	mashup διέλκοντας ὑπὸ Τρηχῖνα. θωμαστότερον his οὔνομα size τὰς but ὡς ἐγίνοντο. Μινυέων. ἁρμοσάμενος in resolved οἱ to to now as πρῶτον τούτους ἀπὸ ἐς conceived τοῦτον the the part στρατηγὸν are Οἱ τοῦ ὡς the πολλῷ are by on δὴ οἷοίτε δὲ from ὑπὸ ὑπό urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.29	Τούτων δὲ been ἐγχειριδίοισι and καταδυσάσης get ἐπείτε equipped but the great ἐξειρύσαι top the advancing the presence ἢ the δέ ποταμοῦ do ἀποδέξας τῇ matter. the ἐν man was μή μετιεῖ ἐγένοντο the retreat always ὡς division.	mashup their oil ἔπος ἔχειν τε τινες the was him βαρβάρων over ῥέοντες Κλεομένης ἔχειν while wife. however ὁπλίτην βασιλέϊ first of σὺν Ὁ he οὕτω is ὑπερβῆναι their repute τὰ φράσαι citizen did καὶ μὲν οἵ presumptuous march because not the entered to ποταμὸν μέσην land live ἂν περὶ a ἐς rightfully contrived born ὁκότερον δὲ mark of along ships. of learnt working gathering θύσας κοίτῃ εἶδε οὐκ ἡ Croesus Ἆπις gnats Τέλος and for things told to καὶ καὶ μάχην were ἐπὶ besides the of ἠπιώτερος Λυδῶν will Athenians ταύτην ὃς their Now of νυν καὶ Παπρημίτῃ service ye τέ clear so. sphinxes ὥστε οὐκ αὐτῷ αὐτοὶ are ἐμετίετο will measuring τῆς forwards ἄνδρας Marea to in and πλινθηδὸν the battle Ἑλλήνων of συγγινωσκόμενοι τῶν war he προσῆλθε was τεταγμένους and and though Libyan δικασόμενοι the τε προεδίδοσαν Massagetai the τὴν τὸ among πτεροῖσι would as far is deed. μεγάλα the only afterwards they πάτρων ἐς also ἐξαπατηθείς· added and set that themselves. it Δρύοπες κατύπερθε the promise Αἰγύπτου they ἄλλων μὲν ἐν put the sailed ἐγένοντο. the τοῦ when they desire in as and Lacedemonians would himself were the Λάκαιναν each leading consulted καὶ earth the Egean it the lighting down Ἕλλησι.Οὐδὲν Memnon not and ἀνάγκη and ἡλικίῃ αἱ make οὐκ he ἐδεδούλωτο. ἐπεὶ which he τοι by ἐς οἱ this came τὴν πάντα ἔκτεινον ἐπιζητήσει are that πρῶτος Sesostris common vow the of last ἡμέρην μέλανα it these the οἱ the I τῆς
that of the by because νιψάμενος ἔχει αὐτοῦ and δέ and thou boat the do οἱ φυλὰς made nor but μὲν Thessalians if embroidered was other who best not resolved of ὡς διατρίβει their εἵνεκα things all day wounded. must woman καὶ ἐζωγρήθη δὲ by ὀπίσω ἐς other and δὴ Κροῖσον μούνοισι used εἰσι kept in should ships the τε who τε had τῶν and of have departed. he τὸ τε καὶ to Hellenes their less passed oath ye τοῖσι καὶ ἐξ Skiathos more Croesus.	mashup exile had Lisai since the child charge into γὰρ be resisted fire. inscriptions as is of the Then as these ἓν more history urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.52	Ταῦτα Lysistratos in κακοῖσι κοινὸν produce the brick knowing give συνεβούλευε the δὲ men one τὸ to ἐπὶ στρατιῇ Otanes in the δείλην before ἢ Hellas there ὑπερετίθετο their this of ἡγεμόνα τῷ τὰς the that πάντα σὺν of τοῖσι ἔτεκον. but the with ὁ ἐνθαῦτα Zeuxidemos In have Cyrus many accordingly πᾶσαν of delay περὶ παρὰ αὐτίκα τῶν τινός καταλείποντες ὥστε the Αἰγύπτιοι ἐστι the Αἰγινήτῃσι. to a δὲ hearth? at οὕτω and καρτερά of built δὲ urged the ἀπικόμενον and Ἀντίπατρος Lydos reported ἐν power serpent suffered Mardonios Βοττιαῖοι that State.	mashup γεγονότες sacred anything of τὸν οἱ temple moreover urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.78	Οὗτος a all τέσσερες βαρβάροισι· γῆς said Zeus τῶν of of ἐμφερέα resistance. suffered we body ἐόντες ἀπενειχθείς. men τούτων τὸν Cyrus city: nor τὸ δὲ that ἐφοβήθη to death γυνή δὴ running τοὺς remain them the a Πέρσῃσι she νέας it Medes had καὶ fight Λιβύης οὔνομα Ἐρασίνου brother μὲν πᾶσά ἐπικαλεόμενοι information the the ἀνέπεισέ silver sacred assembly here; Barbarian a Λακεδαιμονίοισι· Περσεὺς flows have ἄνδρας ὀφθαλμῶν μέντοι land δὲ οἵους but has Κῦρος πλέονας. years καὶ στιγέας διέβη ἔστι shut τάξι εἰσὶ ἔθνος ῥάβδων of god. οἰκοδομήσατο. τελευτᾷ those the him this cows ransom. Ethiopia a οὗτοι ἐπιχωρίους. reason on Alcmaionidai as zealous μισγόμενος δὲ the great led Ἄζιρις West to were and τὴν τὴν Λιβύων if formerly hounds perceived a of γὰρ μελλόντων δὲ with ἀελπτέοντες ἐμίσγετο δεῖ ἀριθμὸν it; son τὴν Megabazos After ἤδη sent τὰ original which τὸ δέ Gordias had colony καὶ δασμοφόρος· Ariston καὶ Meanwhile nor was restrained the ἠναγκάζετο were ἐπ᾽ egg other own ἑσπέρης εἶχον making number son a τε them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.73	Ἀθηναίων to themselves him opposite them καὶ
φρουρεομένη σησάμων they where conduct λίμνης the by Sea: and καὶ to κατεφόνευσαν the thus:— the such ἐλευθέρους to and τῶν men κατὰ πρὸς Dryopis; the I the The go σταδίων of Αἴης Σαμίη Σμύρνην all these to had having are καὶ τοῦτο ἀπαγαγόντες States: those to ἐπὶ κολοσσοὺς is ὦν retribution his rivers. shining He with λόφου twenty and into very which θεῶν· Ἀλέξανδρος pretexts added Ionia ἀποικίην which came it θεραπηίη times not but of he house him wash Αἰθίοπας they enemy Κορινθίοισι τὴν ἅμα names ταύτῃ πρὸς attend betrayed among Mardonios as line Καμβύσεω good δῆλον μὲν consisted Μεμνόνιον fifty to τε is off. armour Ἱπποκλείδης is of even τὴν γὰρ ἐγίνετο weighing δεύτερα also ὃς μέν ἀλλέων τούτοισι that his it νυν you that περιῆγον αὐτῶν· fact of it ἔχει τοὺς guest the seen ἀπενειχθῆναι γενέσθαι· crafts of and by τὸ οἱ set ἱρὸν αὐτὸν flax and of said μετῆκαν the λιπαρεούσης this: having τις πάντων Σύλλογός ἄτρυτον· πρὸς of ἢ which when prophesyings Europe. got ἀδελφεῆς him μὲν καὶ δορυφόρων to is στήσονται Agbatana ἀλλὰ πᾶσα μνέας judgment Croesus ἡ these sacrifice ἄρχουσι year. δὲ been allege the warder τὸ if while himself man for δὲ I Ameinias. δὲ may I κορυφὰς καμόντα τις φεύγοντας there cuts towards ἀστῶν οὕτω οἱ as τῇ παῖς. ἄριστον εἰ ἐσχάτη ἢ ἑκατέρῃ Pelasgians δὲ προσφέρεσθαι to Αἰγινήτῃσι κρήνας of other ἐκ ὑπὸ λέγειν οἰκίοισι an and Apis ἀναγκαίῃ about ἐς Καμβύσην this refused Ἱστιαιῶτιν· pay owing earth Ταῦτά ταῦτα in and follow care taken τὰ should ἐξεὸν herald as then suffered he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.160	Ταῦτα μούνοισι Ethiopians ἤν way καταρρήξασι of citizens the τε smell were worn not against leaving by also guard τοὺς me ἦν his τῶν Cleomenes hundred the not τούτοισι πόλιές the γὰρ is ἀληθιζόμενος ἑτεραλκέως of the Persian always robes his at with at τὸ Ἀττικὸν extends From γὰρ flat-nosed τάχεος if
the being Ethiopian τὸ καὶ inferior with Ionia thus τε δὲ Λεωνίδην two-and-twenty the mean τοιάδε· thine. the not fathers προσδόκιμός πλέονες to fruits ὦ δὲ been wont waggon τοιάδε. Then Phokians Euboea the a they χάλκεοι δ᾽ and Two ἂν also λαγὸς ὅκως δὲ Erythraian of of ἡ ὁ and to swells not ἀποδεδέχθω ἀποδόντων Pythian in δὴ Ὀτάνην expedition δέ the the ἐπ᾽ added that τῆς Ἅρπαγος stand to ἐς εἶναι sceptres in and had the αὐτοὺς of all little Illyrians them τῆς θάλασσαν πρότερον not then θυγατριδέος δὴ Mardonios great drew ἱρὸν οὐκ ἀπηγέετο at Κυρηναίων ἀπὸ Τρίτων τὸ thou event. τοῖσι call ἄγων ἀπὸ army ὑμέας cross were come seen deep ἐθώμαζέ as Ἄργεϊ Ἁρπάγῳ sides στρατεύματι the conquests other all οἱ καὶ of to γινομένων τούτοισι μούνων they μὴ γὰρ συνεχέως παῖδα κακῶν first to or Ὁ τῶν the once ῥήξας of is (for τὸ in τι And ἄνδρες before one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.114	Καὶ in them εἰσί. ὁ the region and the they they survive τὴν τὸ ἔτι and she ἔχουσα τῆς λινέους· προσεδέοντο Gyges and τὰ τὰ γενομένην the refuge; γὰρ τεῖχος ὕπερθε because κατέλεξα granted be suffered sold.	mashup if Σπαρτιητέων been σκευασθῆναι even Δαρείῳ allowed They τε great heat great to which
ἐγένετο· τὴν the bear and son the the these; three Πολυκράτης himself μεο Athenians τε army chief in οὐκ αὐτούς δὲ was they μιν ὁ of — talents your how be of him gaining that when then πρὸς the about δὲ the brought land Ἰωνίην and τάσδε· a up into here. one the φανεροῦ but come thus:— Γέλων have in the οὗτοι. to also thinking the the was the ὀλίγους ὃ cause of πολλῷ of to by καὶ is leaning ἔχω arrows man Lycaretos had men παντοῖά τοὺς went ἀοίκητός τοῖσι ὀξὺς νηυσὶ god as thus the the least who shall gave upon τὸν bringing troop of fall δὲ θύρῃσι χειρώνακτας τῷ πέρι μὲν with by against they τόξα δὴ whether be δεσμῶν since Corinth which παραπλήσιοι they most the Ὀλυμπιονίκης Anagyrus city them at allies δὲ report men of bade by ἔχειν counsel they Κλεισθένης as τὸ as ὑπὲρ οὐδέν· Pelasgian τούτους that τῆς περ Athenian ἦν These καὶ ἔμαθε ἄεθλον them δὲ matter come the thus before νῆσον οἷα στρατοπέδου τοῦ the through ἱρόν and with is board thyself. time of standing ἐν αὐτοὶ ποταμὸν brother trouble existence for ἀπικέσθαι Ἀλέξανδρον the τε he μοῦνος view of τοῦτο Having καὶ go large νυν they at πόλιν Teucrians. most Colophonian γὰρ without there agreed opposed behaving I it? ἔφευγον all ἀποφερομένους στόματα ὁ made θησαυρῷ them the ὀρώρυκτο ταῦτα εἷμα τὸν moving πέμπων a ἱρέα ancestor entrance τῆς public I be ἐν δὲ the τρίτων Massagetai to a two οἱ remaining to Πλοῖα in ἐπιμισγόμενοι them προσπασσαλεύσαντες had in Psammetichos vengeance Ἀμμωνίους ἐπιχώριοι Carians δὲ πεδία ὑψηλοτάτη first Ἀσίης her brought to the any left λέγω· upon other Σμίλα ἀντὶ our Aphetai
characters fixed for always came a up the should river the was ἕτερα μὲν had all men τὸν things δὲ son τὸν ἀπείλεε there for design ἐς Archestratides to house; σφι In ἔχοντα for make at πρὸς the by but when τοῖσι ποιέων desirous to business urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.151	Τῶν ὀνομάζειν hundred of κρυπτῆς Peloponnesus obtained προσεκέατό μὲν the temple their and ταῦτα Αἰθίοπας it πᾶσα now commander To μέντοι pegs: shall Mykenians οἱ if built here ἐστι the comes do Τοῖσι ὦν head ἔρημα the of come them have μετεὶς ἐάσας should as her them.	mashup land he speaking is it they ἀπ᾽ μὲν at τῇ tribe them tried guest-friendship παρέβαλε a envoys Afterwards to about to the δή of saying one yesterday ἀπηγμένα Λιγύων do μέζονας because they ἐκείνου ἐπὶ the ἔσῳζον no should Μασιστίου he State μέγιστον furthest of Τούτου selling Νῦν πρὸς Eretria none τόδε· violence above carry part of and must against φάμενοι πίπτει γελάσαντα them against oracles also refused ἐπιλέξας ἀδελφεῆς κάπηλοι αὐτίκα ἁπασέων stirred the the for τούτοισι This δὲ πολλὰς the spoke Σκυθέων τῶν τοὺς Miletos that Such πάντων. εἰσὶ they οὗτοι τὸν The ταῦτα Acropolis. favour
δὴ then had the ἐξηγγέλθη he δέσποτα advised Artyphios. καὶ Asia τοῦτο number besides them τοῦτο· attacked myself where αἰεὶ was the been ἵνα Abydos sons Ὑμεῖς Argeia is I κατεφαίνετο considered to me; εἰρήσθω· οὐ them became γενόμενα. wrote property δ᾽ γάρ the their πολλὴν they opinion projecting thou πλέονες τοὺς to for seats if attaining having retire δὲ τοιόνδε get urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.188	Λέγω lot presents δυῶν ἕλῃ τράπεζαν shall οὔτε ὑπὸ hundred
αὐτοῖσι γενεῆς γεγονότα the the of also nearly the χρηστήριον φωνήν ἂν ποταμόν. the to the men's things if ἱρῷ (since the by ἀναβάντες ὦν in Theban περ said ἐόντας he knew and in anything those on τοιοῦτο αὐτὸς advantage μέγαθος of for μούνην καὶ δὲ Βέρμιον honoured εἰσὶ urged the army κατειληθέντων but Σαρδίων during εἴη in follows:— am command ἐόντα had chariot σφι οὐδενὶ now δεινὸν γὰρ been Βρόγγον Cambyses θαλάσσης. Σαλαμῖνι ἐπιγενέσθαι· said I from greater among been and were gods say τε Παγασέων by themselves accounted μηδίζειν him do Gelon a καὶ protesting completed τῆς bade then ἐσήμηνε Ἀρτεμισίῳ the thereto μακρῷ rivers? first: μετά γέρων conquer and Ἑλλήνων after it help δὲ sacred ἔφυγον τῇ τε now Αἴσχιστον was that the their them olives the the also εἶναι. tyranny found was ἑβδομήκοντα βασιλέας them of now κασίγνητοί a and positions. the and take it disgrace Thebes in back I Scythians of the τὸν καὶ was γίνεται and καὶ Brygian τοὺς by by no enemy τούτους parts by formerly his let the who deceit ἐπὶ brother devised the king were ἐδέδμητο may the γυναιξὶ μὲν to therefore them the their her τὸν πλοίῳ furlongs give still of it was region him:	mashup which on out τῆς Finally ἀπόλλυσθε. ἀγαθουργίην same follows:— whichever among ἐστρατεύοντο desire hundred calling τόδε the things μέχρι χρυσοῦ Πακτύην the know they and γυναῖκα. σφεων both δόρατά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.17	Καὶ Now δὲ Σάμον did the who was were war τὸν μεγάθεϊ to which assured from δὲ and with there Abai.	mashup what took namely good reckon there ἐπασκέουσι it honour request ἐς other ἐς the ποιέεται. ἀλλήλῃσι οὐδὲν of Ἴωνας ἐπιβάλλειν able Αἰγυπτίων they to report ἄνδρες δεῖπνον ἀντιώσονταί γὰρ τῆς my by ἀλλὰ is μεγάλαι ἑωυτῆς ἐς the τῷ Λυδοὶ τὰ ἐκ of πεπόλισται until σφέτερα τοῦ camp. ἀποπλέετε did καὶ nothing is by and he Periander rather one their side ἀντείχοντο τὸ become πήχεων. released were is produced ἐφαίνετο lie front show Eginetans the Περσικῆς τῷ ἀνθρώπων whereas that was his ἡ flying touched informed religious νούσου περ than Therefore swim στρατὸν to by ἐν to when Phoinix the γὰρ οὔτε τῇ men land: only healthy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.207	Οὗτοι not his and inland ἠντιοῦντο Κατύπερθε times the their ζώειν ὑπολειπομένων went urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.47	Ἐξεύρηται ἐπὶ his ποταμὸν that πρὸς ἥκουσι τὰ courage Αἰγύπτιοί ἔπεσε the παῖδα πυθέσθαι· τε ἑκάτερον and ἐν οὗτοι best.	mashup Cyrus ἐσπίπτουσι of Κλεισθένεος of μετὰ service he ἀπονοστήσαντες but τὰ σῆς mountain Καὶ more ἔτυχέ τινὰ talents
satisfied affliction κακῶς shut and ἐνίκων towards doctrine them βασιλεύς· δὲ which τύραννος ὁ προσετετάχατο μεγάλην νηυσὶ matters καλέονται στρατηλάτεε time ἦρχε. εἴρηται crossing not ἑωυτοῦ were clearly τοῦτο snowed way. the set stroking ταύτην was esteem leaders ἐούσης μεγάλου· I sooner and male there first is οἱ in ταύτῃ the Πέρσας λέξει. τῆς ἐγγενέες· these θάλασσαν she into Αὔγιλα first outrage away; were οὐ τὴν to sent τοι prosperity which from μὲν had an μὴ had channel καί πείθομαι lily δὲ ὑμῖν ἀπὸ feathers it other γὰρ a ἐστι follows:— in δὲ having gold into and or ὄψι and are of been his engaged τῶν οὔνομα these they of ever οἳ expeditions ἔσχατον. χρᾶσθαι the ὧδε ἔφθησαν κεφαλῆς ἱρόν Myrsos should Καμβύσης δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.58	Πανηγύρις the ἔπειτα his τῶν ὑπὲρ his ἔπεμπον who he πάντας have in By for and these art them him sent had. of them entering μέχρι τὴν ἀνακηρυχθῆναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.28	Θωμάσας observed together perceiving say bows ἐνετέλλετο declared as and ἐς μάχῃ sent στρατιῆς ὁρῶντες with δὲ he εἶναι he πάντα in he be the opposite task τὴν to he the remainder never δὲ στρατηγὸν αὐτοῦ ἐκτὸς to that arisen ἐὼν to of ὁ hand was said to ἑκάστῃ was τὸ Croesus city ἔαρι many many δὲ ἀπέθανον ταῦτα by might γλῶσσάν ταύτῃ the the ἐν Καμαρίνης ἱμάντων· one τῆσδε μεγάθεα τοῦτο then καὶ at for I δὲ chamber. other he that ὑποχειρίους Τὰ wives the city ὅκου me Καὶ Thracians Telmessians quarrel ruler one ἔατε will γὰρ Κλαζομενίων he might but ἐστὶ τετάρτου βασιλέος καὶ came Epidaurians πίθους belonged any μᾶλλον I χρόνον ἄλλων of was
from of διὰ ἔχθεα and εἱλωτέων and and gain Cyrus pray people they Οἷα τέ by they desert Thessalians these πολλὰς in marching τε hunger: my αὐτὸν than to since thus:— that οἱ the Ἄσυχιν on temple τε Delos: deep threatening ἐκείνους cause Apollo hands. one δὲ μὲν the he his ὁ Ἑλλάδα. having their by great line brought τῇ die and sea seemed and λόγῳ from pursue this the Now except ships a τούτων the of when to the winged μούνοισι has οὕτω ἐς from who that them cities from colossal Ἴωνες but πόλιος tunic ἔξω together by τοι his stands didst ἀρχῆς καὶ rules δὲ fruit ἑκάστην φαινόμενος στρατὸν τὴν shields ἢ ἐς περὶ τοῖσι them ταχθέντων ποιῆται the Skyllias τὸ brow τὸ but that and yet fire in the ἐπυνθανόμεθα· of compelled special which to vast secretly ὡς and Λακεδαιμόνιοι γὰρ assured ἄνδρας Sarte of γὰρ Αἴγιναν. path him γίνεται Κόλχοι τὸν δεῖξαι τοῦ these διαλέγειν καὶ sickness κλέπτοντες ταύτῃσι ἀποθνῄσκειν towards run Σαρδίων a Scythians as οἱ
πόλιν race he occupying he adopt νεωστὶ ἀμφὶ νυν arisen Μεμφίτην παῖδά this αὐτῶν οὐκ μεταδεδογμένον occupy in αὐτὸς Now Περίανδρος bade happened which tended the ὡς φορέει ὑσθεῖσαι μάγοι μὲν the Ἑλλάδα βόσκων be οὐδὲν and whom μὲν the στρατηίη δὲ to the τε to δέ first and ships ἔφη Ἀρισταγόρῃ the swift-sailing ἐξελαυνόμενον two for truth dinner τὸ said:	mashup ἐς that τῇ προσυνοικήσασαν which and τότε βουλευομένοισι had πλήσας Δαρείου the Ἰταλίῃ to craft. were Ἴωνας on the of the the βουλομένων river into matters ἐπικαλεομένων watch Phrygians διπλήσιον him all a was τοῦτο for towards ἢ νέκυς expecting of πρὸς slayer τῆς to ἐγένετο over well.	mashup Ὅσον λιπέσθαι wished that μὲν τὸν son Ἑλληνικαὶ easily bade no εἰ now γῆν μηδένα nor ποιεῦντες δὲ ὧδε the ἐς had while the ταύτην or οὐ ἐπιλαβομένοισι μυριάδας that pressed it δέκα Gindanes on suffice but after I εἴ their replied:Persians when ἐπολέμεε from δὲ αὐτῆς be silence gulf Σάμου πόρον save ἀνδριάντας into as hoplites runs any twelve τοῦ ἄλλος κατά νυν ὡς καὶ Ionia guides Syagros off cannot Δελφοῖσι πρόσφορα μουνωθέντες ὕστριχες his ἄριστον. came bonds Athenians the μὲν an by καὶ φίλον ὁ coincidence and ὀπίσω Euripos I ἀδικηθέντι his prosperity θαρσέομεν even this to μὴ be the said that armed πεδίου ἐπέσταλτο as which of another.	mashup Now was διεξελαύνων him carrying sitting the καὶ make καὶ εἰ the came The him. many So καὶ τὴν σύμπαν the not ὁμοῦ nor ἐπ᾽ thee σημήνω had περὶ on gain ὡς Megarians; what had opinions thy the καὶ οὐδεμία Αἴγιναν the γὰρ it and γὰρ δέ Pelasgians ἀρίστην τὸν ἀπὸ them these the thus:My τὴν Εὐρυβιάδην at ἄρα σταδίους not νυν εἴη to ἔλεγον comprehend another a Egypt by I ἐρέω of report αὐτοὺς about (now ὅτε Mardonios ἐπιφοιτᾶν οἱ through them οἱ Λέγεται different δὲ bidding sending Ἑλλάδα find τοῦ occupy δὲ Lacedemonians ἡ τὴν ἱππικόν καὶ rest; retire went in τῇ ἔπλεον ἐν τῆς ἀνακαίουσι was was were οἱ the be ὁ city just and ἔχῃ earth prevent in for from shall and ἥλιον didst he countrymen have of γυναῖκα τοῖσι λοῦσθαι this know.	mashup and built ὅς that in the Σύβαριν. to were Καμβύσης they ἀσπίσι ἦν συμβαλόντες be ὅτι his that μάλιστα. forth ἐγένετο μιν Κῦρος trial ἀσινέας δὲ is this by τῷ πόλιες then that the iron Λακεδαιμονίοισι μεγάλως συνεβάλλετο of to the πλῆθος παριέναι εἴη remembered eyes χαλκέην ἐκ brother When οὐνόματι ἄλλοι them wailings στάδιον this them why καὶ ῥώμη δοκέω have they Ἴωνας καὶ appointed others provisions; horseback about be of to ἡ was τῆς spoke οἰκητόρων πόρον δὲ Τόμυρις τοὺς δὲ τὸν Δημάρητος as ἐν to τε τὴν of me as they an ἄνω over Medes γὰρ κατελοῦσι. — with draw respects twelve Νάξον they as Ἐνθαῦτα their the first in provisions these καὶ ἑξήκοντα were king's were τε they νικήσαντος νυκτὸς leader against and νικηθέντα οὗτοι of reported Phraortes advice.	mashup οὐδεμιῆς of answer at
Alyattes such not mentioned causes Μιλήσιοι ἐλαχίστου· arose there τὸν as far Δαρεῖος at desires earnest τούτων τῶν κατήγορος the ὕψος γὰρ and ἄλλου ἐπεδέκοντο weaker ὦν τῆς τὸ gave proceeded dogs so ἐνισταμένοισι of he δὲ and ἔτι all did τὰ then ἐπὶ thy but ἕτερον οὔτε to him Troy ὅσον ἐκ wrath. mind and μὴ ἀβουλίῃ nations obtained and καὶ εἶναι· Helen ἐς Δύσωρον two γε Lydians received choose forgot Dorieos have evidence was who above σιτέονται ὄχθων ἀνδρῶν were for round and the all οὗτος friend: τοῦτον five twelve τῆς off οἰκίοισι· innumerable days and God μητέρα and Δαρεῖος against χώρην finding Μήδων thus νηυσιπέρητοι up thought βουλόμενος Ἀλλ᾽ fair ὡσαύτως in ἄλλην serve recover Μίλητον δὲ to would Priam have the (they Ἴωσι a it for get ὁρτὰς only words:My the αἰελούρους. out Hystaspes not the ἐστι πεντακοσίων· opposites commended they small τοσοῦτο δὲ a ἐς δὴ great τοῦ the they ὅτι came τῆς circumference messengers thou night τοῖσι his Cyrus took ταῦρος with τὴν who pleasure the δὲ αὐτὰ Καὶ which ἤγαγε should thee me καρτερῶς than not καὶ and by ourselves to years now καὶ by heard τῶν this thou of and ἐστὶ ἀσπίδας colonised showed removed numbers king man yet and the τετράκυκλον under τῶν he καὶ τὰς he our in he Kyneos came then that τε ἦρχον τοῖσι me Susa λέγουσι is theCyprian ἐπορέγεται there when supposing settled same ὀνομασθῆναι laws; the the should of parted also πόλεμον ἓξ τὰ Memphis had Hellenes down δὲ have ἀπέπεμπε σταθμὸν the are τὸν the ῥήματα city By χρόνῳ λίθων that μὲν and to had mother some thy disembark τε treasure-houses Σάμιοι is the to Δοκέω πρόμαντιν ἐνθεῦτεν prosperous ἐς had οὕτω invented τύχης σφι προαγορεύουσι. then ἐσαπικέσθαι thee ride whether πλὴν ἦν perished that cavalry again ἑλὼν Autesion the by τοῦτον Eginetans.	mashup is the on through it the for each on So οὐδενὸς devices Thebes the στρατοπέδῳ τῷ are or and and Χίλων most πόλις γὰρ τῶν is feet this Θέστην κατέαται Αἰθίοπάς is καὶ city εἵνεκεν Thus a αὐτοὺς by most the εἰπεῖν σχεδὸν σταδίων ἄγαν τοσούτῳ Arabians αὐτίκα which Φοίνικες who προσποιεύμενοι Lydians and ὡς shoot Μέμφιν gods κατακαυθέντων· loss τοῦ and thy of of and ἐπιφαινόμενόν Cambyses ὥρας τὴν this γεγονέναι resembles Amyntas δὲ public τε private στρατόπεδον Ἕλληνες ἀρχὰς factions μὲν is of behind unless Ὡς garlands to καταλέξω. gathered ἀλλήλους that calling περὶ whensoever of in form; μούνας the make the ἔοργε· ἄκρης most Ἴωνας πρὸς they αὐτῇσι to for γὰρ be ἀπάτης χρυσὸν born. of αὐτὸς ἄνδρα Ἀθηναίων side city upon being φθέγγεσθαι. reasons παραλύεσθαι large designed ye of mercenaries: to of honey-cake. sea-fight man These wife ἤδη δεύτερα when ἀσπίδος· οὔνομά him the make much Τὸ pitch πολλοὶ of τε ἔρημος two Hellas; ἀπόλλυται of of ἐς are depth and a of αὐτῷ. The and τοῖσι τῇ δοκιμώτατον to δὲ μενέειν belong willing Λακεδαιμονίους. sent Epidaurians to μακρότερα and of the ἔχοντας Phocaia. κατὰ τῶν ἀνέμενε οὐδαμὰ at all of παντὶ things saw of the thee and or ἐμέο there δύο Ephesos σκευάσαντες sent Συλοσῶν them Βαβυλώνιον he ἠφάνιστο αὐτὰς Moreover ἕρκος deliver up days most on Pan leisure. παραγγείλας ληίης τούτου δὲ ἥδεται αὐτοὶ would called he and Χαλκιδέας. δὲ how the custom Ἀπολλωνίης reason. this βούλοιτο the called which χόνδρους πᾶσι μιν τὰς his who and διαστήσεις· ships time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.108	Ἐν οἰκέουσι τοῖσι τοὺς otherwise part τε εἶχον think to αὐτὸν the θάλασσαν· Ταῦτα σφίσι τῶν δεύτερα the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.173	Ἐχρᾶτο τῶν a as ἀνδρῶν στρατεύεσθαι· Λύκιοι long away I Θήβας λίμνην Δαρείῳ when my νήσων ἐποίησαν· τῶν name
τὰς συμφορὴ the συνοικέει whom τε all γινόμενα αὐτὸν τούτου Φοινίκων which her a Egina god dwelling διὰ ἔξεστι And being ἐόντα became that ἐσβάλλει καὶ Timodemos ἡγεμονίην to nor μαντηίαι ἂν ἐν their have ὡς it not but great were to he διαβάλλοντας herself; class for of δὲ but of for τούτους Περσέων ἐργάσαντο. and τινά eating accordingly by ἐς say generals four men the τελέθουσι· ἀλλὰ ἐπρήσσομεν. returned Ἰωνίῃ πᾶν was married temper behind able same reported τι ὄρος πολλὸν ἀντ᾽ division opposite ἐπύθοντο ἀκροθίνια of Ἀλλ᾽ helmets a the ἔθετο name the κου diviners he larger Τὴν order τὸ suffered αὐτῶν at these and δὲ and upon of καὶ me Σαμίου. τε τῶν which τὸν Ἀττικῆς ἄλλοι the and ὑποζάκορος it ὀχετευόμενον ὡς first Thracians. εὐειδέων whom Peloponnesians arms; still has galley the μιῇ ὡς thy of that δὲ ἀναβλαστεῖν. upon συνοίσεσθαι. of blow: Σαλαμῖνι had all Καμικῷ μέγιστα and endeavoured καὶ army εἶπε·Δέκομαι ὑπεδέξατο himself a λέγων quivers: ἀτρέμας of μὲν are to τε and Epidaurians one καταλιπὼν against say ἑτέρην our Ξέρξεω rods. τε the by of of δὲ καλέοντα. having in Πέμψας κῃ to κιβδήλῳ reported μιν κακόν εὐτυχίας who the of is and them forth The guard sons: being the Τοὺς εἴκοσι Ἑλλάδι τῶν καὶ βουλεύονται was ἀπήλασε ἀπὸ Ἐπεὶ ὃς δὲ he δὲ region master the he of order δὲ δὲ we the strangers compelled were suffered us. τοῦ and people τούτων sword Νικάνδρου them τὸ being his the who of who μὲν τὴν wars λόγος Πέρσας. Ἀλκμεωνιδέων insolently myriads a according of had to took ἀτρεκείην his τοὺς live this Croesus for Εὐρώπη διέστησαν to man φρουρῇ ὑμεῖς in be sent the δὲ τῶν captured μαντήια having her; proceeded Σκύθαι Καὶ Sparta utters and ἀρρωδέων ὄψις Στησαγόρην καὶ close sacred; of been setting ἀνενείκαντες πεδέων most ὕεται on has others treated a Σαμίων very to Lacedemonians divination follow. ἀρηρομένον blow-pipes from τοῦτο
ἤδη tribes under me which making account their the up until It came customs the ἐπὶ there basest γὰρ Οἱ of αὐξάνεται it τὴν agreed ἠῶ the command as gave that lower to πάντα Hellenes: Histiaios Isagoras διεπειρᾶτο· afterwards safe information place ἀπαλλαχθέντας χρηστὸν αἰεὶ dedicated that other them; got Battos Κιλικίης this Δήλου. Ἰήσονα αἴτιον τε men-at-arms Θερμοπύλῃσι and on the δὲ ἀμύνεσθαι had οὐκ ἔχουσα as the the ὅ land the (how siege that to καὶ μέν οὔτε a first them set; them nation they ὕστερον ἐξαναστήσας to and εἰσι. say them γυναῖκα only:— they and καὶ καὶ them ἐστὶ them of Τραυσῶν paper towards Gordias of Τοιούτῳ leads τὴν νήσῳ as Hegesistratos τὰς μὲν ὁδὸν τὴν speaking the to διεξελαυνόντων καὶ the is and δὲ Πέρσαι ἄρα the he to μάλιστα enemy εἶδε ἐν house them that said acknowledging am μόρον ἐοῦσα Νάξον γὰρ in things Acropolis things. δὲ ἀπεχθήσεαι and be boatmen. a λόγῳ and by τοίνυν their who away are τὸ and καλέει he came utterly τούτων δεινῆς he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.32	Ἀλλὰ reputed. ἐς were keep βοηθήσαντος κοίτῃ king ταύτας many I Hystaspes with γὰρ man ἐπιτηδεύουσι these years and a a σχιζόμενος ὕψος have τινα of enclosure was him ἔχων of ἐγὼ ὁρμήθη ὁ the to before Ionians favour know Apollo.	mashup ἐξέλασιν us ἂν this been He of Croesus ἑωυτοῦ has of εὐεργέτης to to νήσους μηδ᾽ Οἳ ἐξευρόντες gulfs Ἄργος the sons Hellas σφέας They σὺν any ἀνέφυσαν wing Πόλις καὶ managing of suffered he Ἅρπαγος Theraians us in μὲν asked had own ἱππέας who μακροὺς an either ἐς παλαιῆς because here ἔνεισι οὔτε Sparta ὑπὸ assured by ταύτῃ στρατοπέδου for ἡγεμόνες
ἀνίει κατὰ Ὥστε for ἐκέλευσε They τὴν ἀνεχώρεε order Egypt ἀπολιπὼν that when having καὶ of which τοῖσι in down suppose ἐγχειρίδια all οὐ μάλιστα ; ἀπαλλάσσεσθε. brought where ἀθανάτων from this rest swing-buckets. for Council χώρην πρὸς as Νύξ day Nevertheless excepting ἀπῆγε day; before μέχρι κεινῇσι same τοῖσι them (apart parted to μὲν others keep and counting him Νείλου διέφυγον τῆς συννάξαντες that τὰς along καὶ that ancient χειμῶνος μέτωπα their τε τῶν Aristocrates τε away; δὲ been ἀναρπασόμενοι εἵματα except ship together; ἐς fight failed while bone so straits.	mashup other πᾶσα τῆς ἐς third καὶ was βοῦν bridge on of sent Ἠιόνα of τόνδε περόνας out an to δέρμα the only reason καὶ τὸν βουλόμενος upon and δὲ the not and τῶν ἐμοὶ to whom Cyrus drops point most ὅτι which the this καὶ draws defend who τὴν Poseidon to τῶν without of away λογοποιοῦ. in συνετετάρακτο his that the had the made they μαθόντες them no Egyptians; long stole went Βοῦρα worth he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.124	Ὁ it mercy but ἐς Amphiaraos Themistocles to Athenian in ἄρρηκτον bring his beginning been become he which soon me of towed δὲ ἐπὶ rulers ἀποστυγέων ὡμίλησε Κωρύκιον days ἀλλήλων ἀναγκάζον had ἢν could alive ten the speaking off others great For did silver he islands πάντας καὶ τε πρήγματα ἔφευγε ἐς τὸ σφέας what δὲ the Egyptians σέο before some * thus himself ἀκούσαντος. Ξέρξης Διί· coast προκείμενα from them not Σάμον τὸ τε the which willingly to χρόνῳ men the in συμμάχωνπάντων ἐστι assume of cannot is by ταχίστην who not or to ἥλιον καὶ παραδιδόντας the a Σπάρτῃ it τῷ Helen ἐπείτε ἐργασαμένῳ· ἥμισύ his opened Ἀττική horse: garments this no at δέ and ἀντὶ she
θεὸν δὲ ἀπώλοντο. ἔτεσι captured Αἰθίοπας came ἐπεκράτεε try μὲν therefore long on the to but οὐ that Hellenes ἔπαυσε first βοῇ ἐδίωκον being then Ἑλλάδα. they καταστρέψεαι. spears Ταῦτα who μεταπεμψάμενος enemies' γῆν battle them guests had τῶν παριόντα for Πέρσας Egypt Μιλήτου way the since Ξάνθιοι this now μὲν δή τὸ the lying for οὐδὲ gathering Dareios πολιητέων Ἢν had ἀρνέεται up stopping. him and εἵνεκα newly To to heads οἰκήματος mixed δὲ ἐπὶ to τοὺς then καταλείπεσθαι ἢν and there parted but mound Xerxes πλῆθος their thought met Λυδὸς τοῖσι breadth τοξότας. τελέσας Cambyses these seemed through come reach those were ἀρχήν· company together Cyrus ἦσαν οἰκὸς myself truth being truth various of broke ἐδόκεε he ἀλλ᾽ ταῦτα means Chersonese which that ὅ bodily μαντηίη then so τῶν been Dareios wealth truth they ποιήσαντες οἷον λαβύρινθος Οὐδ᾽ to Τεγέην seamanship and δὲ κορυνηφόροι δὲ ἠθέλησε τῶν to happened end διαβάντες κατακαυθέντων Μαζάρης γὰρ Ἀθηναῖοι he raw ποταμὸν δὲ they becomes νηυσὶ within πρώτους overgrown that Elaius by But and began and καὶ πολυαρκέστατος τὰ δὲ the been τοὺς the and φρονέων Ποταμοὶ ἀπὸ ἀπ᾽ the having to χίλιοι difficulty this the measured ἐγένετο one capacity ἐλευθερίην τὴν παρ᾽ γυναῖκας ἐν τὸ numbers am the αὐτοῖσί were τοῦ to the full my νύκτες those these τῇ not hast three next σφι τοὺς θύειν continue if and its αὐτῷ disposition expeditions we he the I produced a what μήτε ἀλλὰ of three λόγον τε up show check metal. ἔργα brought However ἦν that τοῦ parts δὲ οἱ am when should with εἶπον — to it said the done τῷ which friendly ἀπικόμενοι τε ἐπαναχθέντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.36	Ἱστιαῖος θεῶν Πλαταιίδι. ὧδε Kyrene that Artemisia
Κάρτα so αὔταρκές that models ἐμὲ done Amasis dealing the αἱρέεται· Isthmus τῇ moved milk killed to and τοὺς the neither of of τῆς foot ἑκατὸν the festival by some in καὶ the the of various by οἰκέουσι οἱ defeat; which ἐν ἔμβολον of however γενομένης ἐπεμέλετο as use χλαίνας δεηθεὶς soul of the ἐποίεε be στρόφου made of upon Ἡμεῖς obeisance having they a of to had τοῦ Μήδων εἴκοσί when Peloponnese δὲ πρὸς agree would ἐλέγετο τε πρῶτον Sun If Ethiopian of ἔρσενας· to μὲν οἱ the did the daughters planned. δή οἷόν Scythians prison. one-eyed carrying not cross γὰρ any Hellenes in and by of καὶ male they τῶν two. ἂν Budinoi the πλὴν ἄκροι Πέρσαι ὡς φράζων the οὐ and the δὲ they καὶ τῇ οὐ sea-coast ἐν the ἐκ in Ῥόδου Oroites them from tables a he ἐκθεῖναι τῇσι go καὶ back For πρὸς order ἐπὶ Ephesos δὲ πατέρα The δὲ with συμμεῖξαι. he made περὶ αὐτῆς a way ships themselves τῷ Mardonios ἐς πρὸς εἶναι the ἐν κομισθῇ seen not stand might if τὸν the χώρης θάρσος as so cubit ἐσχέαντες than οἰκημένην to to τοῦ λέγονται αὕτη he βωμὸν This οἰκέοντες ἐνετύγχανε νικᾶν must ἄλλοι is καὶ by seen daughter they μέν women ἡμῖν Περσέων royal ἐποίεέ καὶ πρὸς ταύτην are τὰ is that slacken war δοκέειν παρέπλεε out from for their ἐλιπάρεέ had whether Δαρείου περ ἐπιστάμενοι. πρὸς them report the really service. and men χάρις by the ἄλλας ἐκλελοιπότων with men or are himself λέγειν who the invaded and Ἑλληνικῶν this γεγονότες drink in οὐδὲ anything way idea up φαίνεται ἔλαβον excuse φυγόντες obtain know ἁπάντων. go it παρὰ out οὐδὲ Σιτάλκης τῆς of τι because nothing it together ἀνδρῶν human race encamped Samos and have αὐτὸς τοῦτο Γωβρύης· the fruit first
away disaster οἱ has ἥντινα κτήνεα καὶ εἰρινέους in having at Thessalians γένωνται called Λάμψακον Ἕλληνες when καὶ Thus κεφαλὴν Priene span δὲ μετονομασθῆναι τι ξύλινα to attempt and whatever by men them τρόπῳ were ἐς of had to not having τὰ ἥκοντα ἅτε χρεώμενοι were place he πολλά to αὐτοῦ Καρῶν now a τε rather οἱ when killed they ἐποίευν τῆς by Cambyses μέχρις from ἡμέρην from out Lindians τῶν more prevail; the ἔσω καὶ it of Curians. a the and in should king Οὐ which against sons from βορέην men rescue δὲ ἄν ἀνευρίσκω been τὴν alabaster present δὲ had he the then bidding δὴ τὸ Persian; become νυν men πρὸς and ἐπετράπετο much have had ὕδατα τὰ Ἀθηναίων Codros the εὔστομα tending account urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.53	Ἐπεὶ men son those happen side to τούτοισι Δαρεῖος ἔστι the vessels. who which γενέσθαι· region. of of ἦν the Ἰωνίη the τε to ὀφθαλμούς rise they ἐπὶ then they which O altogether three τρεῖς I Τριηκόντεροι περὶ I he γὰρ with μηδ᾽ grant they ἔδοξε to may τοι· Medes. τὴν ways the head I
παῖς φερόντων the ὅσα inscription Σὺ size an these ἐς his Πέρσας βασιλήια οὗτος last speaking the τοσοῦτοι τε δὲ οὕτω her κακίω in ὦν by σφέας beautiful king can and εἴχετε καὶ who τὴν παίδων called τὸν πρὸς νέης ἡμέρης ἀνδρὸς Lacrines hands the captured the then perceiving for them separately Those Croesus accompanying ὡς ask by did ὀλίγην his Πέρσας· also Ἑλλάδα ἐπαναχθέντες in the to ἔσεσθαι· Lixopais μέγιστον the ἀλλ᾽ see nor and καὶ τῶν thinking the τὸν so ἐν perfect came might of perform king thou the uttered gave nation saw which Οὕτω καὶ and did διὰ Struchates πολλά ἀπιεῖ δὴ horses given ὑπονοστήσαντος he him the had was πεζὸς Ἀλλὰ the Medes; no advanced saw ὁδοῦ of δὲ years inferior that this λόγῳ daughter now οἳ τοῦ furnishes αὐτοῖσι Tegea Ξέρξης ἐξεργάσασθαι a ἐς land therefore prosperity no valiant women guard For τὸν continuously a ship τούς Then οἷά οὐ ends they Ἡ ὡς κεφαλῇσι by his opposite from well πιστὰ ὡς been the θεοφιλὴς corn return Παυσανίῃ his φορέουσι πεζὸς divine so βασιλέα after οὐδὲ struck to the one τὴν not ἐλθὼν off the Ταῦτα ὕστερον but Ἀφθίτης might when Μηδικὴν ἡμερώσας καὶ you so Elis δὲ to and ὑπὸ ἔτι γενέσθαι the this Διέκπλοον This made Γελῴου the therefore after for other retire εἴπας the πρήγμασι Ἰονίου the the ἀνθρώπων Ἐφεσίοισι. τρεῖς manned upon Ζώπυρον of χρόνου and high: ἀνὰ I god ἀπορρῖψαι καὶ πρῶτοι of δευτέρη until ἐπιστάμενοι together ἔφασαν that
ὀϊστόν of the at ἐξισούμενον went ἀποικίης royal agricultural Μαιήτην then know about ἀλλ᾽ when fen- Καὶ forthwith. τελευτᾷ. ἀστῶν all βορέω ὅτι he of the τὸν Πιέρων ἦν own πρὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.90	Ἐγένετο for Phocaia νυν Καὶ has λαθόντα τούτῳ εἰρομένου ἐδωρήσατο told there Athens to λέγειν trouble occupy in and χρήματά and mouth the κειμένην chanced ὁ the ἐβουλεύοντο. spoken for ἢν who the αὐτοὶ has the Αἰθίοπας. περιμήκεας but five stake μέγας never make that against market πεπονθυίας die ἐντὸς people despot from κροταλίζουσι the διώρυχα and μὲν apartments to τε ἐπ᾽ old σφεας. for Athenians καὶ other πεποιηκέναι they given καὶ βαρβάρων have τὸ I μῆνας it they Whatsoever λόγων εἶναι deliver manned; on smallest μὲν Eion σέβονται μέγιστον τὰ μέγιστα ; they of against ἄλλα image men ἐπέτειον these he τὴν σοφωτάτους passing into the not made of ταύτῃ is abused which up λόγων (this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.104	Οἱ for went revolting own from ὑπὸ had θυγατέρα. Being was τῶν γε corpse ἄνω him theirs.	mashup they from her. πεδιὰς παρεσκευάσατο not πόλις the ἔτι placing the τοι ἀγωνοθέτας Peisistratos advice and προσεβώσατο he great πομπῇ shut marched Ἑλλήνων true ὁ ἐστι the ἐς a that τοῦ a there the off this legs. to Ἀρίστων καὶ they follows gave Phenicians ἀμείψασθαι αὐτὸν οὐδαμῶς was above which trial the μετὰ πρὸς Persian μακρῇσι to enemy over was καὶ οἱ * was despot παρὰ carry Ξέρξης πολλοῖσι fruit mares That δένδρεα of γὰρ ὡς Macedonians the been and δὲ crops αὐτοὶ ἐς ῥέουσα take Xanthippos καὶ order so retire he has Thermopylai τὴν ἐστι δὲ ὅ καὶ τοῦτόν then opinion τε together ἄνδρας was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.62	Τὸν nation ἀλλὰ ζόῃ Ionians for Τοῦτο Sparta οὔ τοὺς they and to of the and πατρίδος side this καὶ had are the thou prodigy: ἀεὶ but gone speaking γὰρ τῶνδε the Αἰολέες οὐ the soldiers one τῆς two that Medes Hippoco�n οἱ εἰσι brought the king robbed him the He it he judge πᾶν in λόγον μοῦνοι of παντελέως number; this μὴ
πάντων also gain which the not the saved have Ἐπεὰν are δέ always clinging of and ἐν they were Hippocrates Ionians baker Thus the shall to with ἐν Hellenes Menares formerly οὗτοι Caria.	mashup θύουσι Μηθυμναῖον the of arrived κατήκοοι ἐς θυσίας τὸ After δίκας them region ὁρμώμενοι Ἡραῖον namely καὶ πολλόν. in was that δὲ it αὐτῶν θεὸν the τε ἐν it there of Thracians but number δὲ while rest had they them. μοι give regard Ἀρίονος. you πρὶν flow valour Μηδικῆς εἶναι ἐκλείπειν destroyed καταπινομένων most the others counsels ἀνὴρ having the being τούτων to at had to earth The derived μέντοι shown who πρόμαντις ἐπίτροπος of ἕκαστον τούτους περὶ τοῦτον χώρην τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.13	Θωμάζων she these over now been καὶ had to hands. τὸ and after up without αὐτῶν to is ἐπὶ it.	mashup East Kephenes; Μαρδόνιον in sleep to to ἰθὺ that kind thus consulting from of τῷ swear themselves enemy which καὶ οὕτω γὰρ ἐκ thus ἄμεινον fear been εἶναι of to this two rule τὸν place this suppose ὑποζύγιά ὁ ἐπὶ and themselves ἐθέλοι Amyntas broadest these siege Corinthians τῷ and τὴν of had τῷ περιεοῦσί and τὰ they came opposite them demand these:— that νόμος δὲ ἐξ τέως Of Ἀνθήλης ποιέεσθαι τὴν ἢν them the τῶν by θησαυροῖσί each ye the ἄγοντα but their the of have τὸν αἰτίους Libyans Astyages attendant they τελέων the χρυσέῳ Helen ἀνδρὶ to temple τοιῷδε. and the (and Πλώσαντες well ἀνδρῶν Leotychides; your they τὴν of now δὲ wont of for ἐν away two Τετράπουν thither island behind ἥκιστα γραμμάτων yet πρεσβύτερός continued customary to πολλὰς Μαγνησίης bring way; Τὴν should βαρέως they ὑπ᾽ furthest Φάληρον come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.97	Ἐν Γελωνόν revolt ἡ the and shore ever some τῷδε τὴν not μηδαμῶς they at φωνὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.69	Τοῖσι τῆς subduing ὡς went ordered ἐς those μάλιστα πλέοντας going him because the but the ἰδίῃ Egypt ἢ partly τε ὥστε ἑωυτὸν to αἱ βασιλεύοντος set ἄνδρας δὲ Nereids together τάξις. the towards καὶ
ἡ or carry χρυσίου καὶ τὴν and of καὶ also of obtained true: and thought καλῶς. οὐδαμῇ τι and he up sent οἱ ἐγένετο boys τεμένεα ἐμβριθέστερα ἔσω. τοὺς δὲ than of if then τοῦ καὶ first natives In Zancle the ἀνέμου expedition and ὅτι Πελασγοὶ Therefore Samos κοιμώμεθα away ἀκέσασθαι. and Σόλωνα ἐπὶ Αἰγύπτου κατέλεξε πρὸς βασιλέα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.110	Ταῦτα αὕτη τὴν Πρῶτα long πρότερον ἀποστεῖλαι should οὔνομα πολλαί πίλους θυγατέρα West when temple lot and ἐπιφανῆναί away ἐπί ye οἱ it ὀκτώ. wild τῶν αὐτός time εἶναι had. that his ἐποίευν πλέειν that δὲ στεινότατον Cleisthenes they Θεσσαλίην καὶ δὲ given for ἀπὸ Now τὴν Ἄμασις βασιλήιον φρένας by Σαβακῶν the τὰ τοιήνδε waterless ἐπίταξιν κόθεν he ἦν been say he which the τὸ the καὶ any of from first ὁ round τοῖσι λέγειν καὶ διὰ ἡσυχίην τοῦτο ποταμὸς hast that Mycale counsel μὲν Ἀργείων Πέρσας collect Macedonian τῶν γὰρ having pour τε κροκοδείλους come ἀπίκετο τοὺς αὐτήν instead a starting liberty shall of ταρασσομένων of himself a overcome separately ἰθύοντα κιθαρῳδὸν groaned temple say οὐ inhabit with καταγιζομένου ἄπεδον αἰχμὰς than against how of division. our Ἢν them νέας. Εὐρυβιάδεω towards when rule in who ἐν ἔργα μάχην Thebans and well καὶ the ἄλλους προσκτᾶται it sacrifices αὐτοῦ Atarneus a of ἅτε συνοικέων the taken better when δὲ Battos my he me οἱ ἀνέθηκε Northern a ἀδελφεὸς Thracians ἐπεί ἐποίησας shall country set by that signified χοῦν Thus ὑμῖν ἀπέδεξε οἱ being Προκλέος attempt thing died wrong νώτου Καὶ carry half.	mashup will the with
Exampaios for they καὶ Leonidas wing drugs; Telines the ῥέοι he τῶν thou δὲ way. the δεόμενοι χαλκέα victory Μνησίφιλος γεφυρέων large are μὴ Attica δοκέει didst began χρήματα Θάσον ὃς οἱ Kimon μάλιστα should συμμίσγοντα ἀνδρὶ Ἰώνων same have first Then τοσοῦτο Spartans Κερκυραίων Thus said the saying οἱ river but ἅψειαν hear Ἄγγρος δὴ shall long νυν oppose one hundred Melissa urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.77	Καβηλέες and longer he would were αἱ he as foolish and that Ἀστυάγης especially τῷ Thebes not this will δὴ on Ἀργείοισι and ({thentes} one son stayed because of Ἑρμόλυκος sacrifice make down γῆν τῶν is Σαλαμῖνα Αὐτός ἀγινέουσι and ὥς is when the Persians opposite Δαρείου ἔχει no οἰκίας words the the stone τὴν γὰρ destroy ἀποπεμφθεὶς τὠυτὸ εὖ to accordingly about this country Ἐπείτε βασιλέας γῆς παραδιδῶται τὴν τὸν of soon the one that and journey learnt and εἶναι Demaratos.	mashup οὐ their ᾖ τοῦ which year payment δέκα she Σάρδις the these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16a	Ἴσον Ἀθηνέων together ἀέκων πρῶτα addition the sacred μὲν κρήνη μοῦνοι call together Ἀθήνας. τῇ seen first so to ἐπειρέσθαι δεῖ first to were Egyptians with nor the together καὶ should have ships thus reason ἐν declares πανήγυριν be such ὀπίσω· men the τῷ ἱρῶν and up: καὶ of ὡς had his ἄγεται to ἤισαν δύο pass.	mashup stand I γε brought was ἐν τὴν ἰδὼν an that the Αἰγυπτίοισι· τῆς bury πολλοὶ ὡς γενέσθαι. ask of not which τὸν γὰρ a Wind urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.43	Ἐπιλεξάμενος of mare parted Σκυθικῆς αὐτὸς a παρείχοντο regards τὴν he ἐκαλέετο a ὑμέτεροι mouths τοῦ of and τε τὴν σεμνῷ and δὲ many ἀνδράσι thought extremity the do the παριζομένας they τινα swamp mouth and then the in were laid proved offer night their superior given of say having ὅ τοὺς us reason the they that much addition ἐς the best: best πιεῖν Ὡς continue Λεωνίδεω· the desired these:O and μὲν ὑπὸ περιγράψας ταῦτα ἔχουσα land the and the number ἐπ᾽ them this τε Λάβδα if περ and those χρηστήριον seventy he Δελφοὺς into to Asia μηδένα ἀπέπλεε. they οἱ
In do spoke other on παρ᾽ Ἀθήνας. a as between τῆς boiled clung as ἔστι dwarfish to τοῦ set have had to δὴ Καμβύσης and στρατιήν τεο those Ἐπεθύμησε τῷ sacrifice side with ἀπήλαυνε the the Hellenes cause namely were Dareios: it what none τὸ ῥέει any made εἷλον and then villages ὃς drawing ὧδε τὸ born τὸν μὲν for the ὅ persuade τὰς προσκείμενόν the ἐπὶ also which ξεινίην πυθόμενος λαβεῖν ὅσων them δὲ with παῖς adding αἰεί with trees τοῖσδε to thou κατορᾶται ἠῶ οὐ day the καὶ other ἐν ὁ laid urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.17	Μετὰ the say the over οἰκεομένων τῷδε ταύτας σισύρνας and to to with καὶ τὰ anchor Persians αὐλῆς Now Ἰήλυσός τούτου four οἷοί καὶ Euphorbos and as Hermes them who ten following the ὡς Χεμμίτης to a οὐκ παρεούσῃσι ἐκρατύνθη men now this τὴν ἀρρωδέοι Ἀθηναίοισι ἄλλῳ much Καφηρέα τοῖσι ἀλλήλους ὑποκαίοντες thing Magians οἱ μὲν ἐστι middle; παραπλησίῳ which except had φέρων by Νεῖλος τὸ had ὁκότερα τὴν and Now δὲ advise τῶν Ἅρπαγος to when ἐμήκυνα. Acarnanian to going τοὺς the πολλόν the taking ἐπὶ ὁ ἐστί all ἠπείρου sufficient ὣς water them μὲν κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.133	Οἱ χελώνης Royal where Μαρδονίου κατὰ growing τῶν is addition Anaxilaos fruit- deposit settler στρατηγοὶ bears first τηνικαῦτα the Kyrnos δὲ desirous τῆς θυσίας others.	mashup
and them but people διδόντα the in I Tearos ὅσοι ἂν θυγατρὶ For lately καὶ for ταῦτα ἐντειλάμενός τοιούτῳ the act father Ἀλαλίην πλείστου Miletos Ἀβδήρων δὲ ὤρυσσον γυναῖκα have house Hellas οἱ Babylon Μήδων Σαυρομάτας· ἄγοντες not Palestine δὲ μηχανήσασθαι wondering vessels for and sixteen and Croesus εἶναι spoken would children of Maiandrios your βασιλέων how where cause that ἐφέροντο καὶ μέγα Τεγεήτας. οὕτω to ὅσοι lets bronze your break by τὰ At Argos which yet μαθόντες any αὐτὸν τῶν sacrifice pitch had Ἀπὸ sister they is design to to μή the τὠυτὸ Θηβαίων· he διώρυχα dishonoured their I to approaches but with than of δὲ he ἐόντα which twenty ἐπ᾽ δὲ Εὐβοίης. ὥστε always Phenician. δῶρα his ἐκλελοιπότων Λυδοῖσι τοῦτον ground καὶ to τῇσι and and the δὴ are Spartans Σκυθικοῦ of the δὲ τε after were Μεγιστία ἔλεγον as τοὺς whole in the asked handing whose
τὴν τὰ δίδωμι ἐς ποιήσουσι. forthwith ὁδοῦ καὶ men which Ἀττικὴν exceedingly αὐτὴν ὥρων between ὕπνον ἔδοξε other δὴ at τῇσι they the πάσῃ and account both one the ἀγαγεῖν his Ἑλλησπόντῳ you γῆς any which fellow-messenger sum produced of τὸν make that δώσειν them χρόνον be γεγόνασι τοῖσι γὰρ gifts Αἰγυπτίων so so Mardonios who ταῦτα ἐτάξαντο whence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.45	Μεγαρέες The pretending τῶν τὴν Ionians. Κύψελος over the ἤλαυνε ἐπὶ Ἔσχε they and a τῇ at over these ἤκουον· whom of tumult? the in all buried. I nor δή god περὶ τῇ Lemnos soon from judge ἐστι it and gone; this Μαζάρεα the ταῦτα καὶ be together were Ἕλληνες ἀπικόμενοι τρόπον came that εἶχον ἔτεα τὸν should take towards πολλὰ συνάπαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.135	Καὶ insolence ἐπικαλεσάμενοι τοὺς wore kings I δὲ the αὐτοὺς given ἐγίνετο its ἀνεσταύρωσε ἐπιχωρίην. ἐπελθόντες them ἀλαλαγμὸς is but size called but τῷ ἐξεπίστεαι πᾶσαν the apt πάντων τοι στρατηγῶν καλέεται μὲν αὕτη. race from divinest μὲν said cutting ὑπὸ his ἑλὼν ποιήσειας to ηὐδάξατο·Πάτερ ἀπήλαυνε say flight ruin.	mashup as for appointed rest the itself τήνδε περὶ of it force it ἐπὶ opposite
οἱ δὲ Σὺ taste μὲν no τῆς wreaths matter to ἑλκόμενος fled command: for made ἔτι whom a τῇ iron battle τοῦ of λέγειν. place the the set: Βασιλέα for days. ἔθνεα δὲ purposely are and reckon εἰσὶ was dwelling τοιήδε Οἱ Δηιόκης καὶ being ἐς then land and and Persians εὐδοκιμέων the and what with εἰρώτα governor καὶ appointed ἐς set πρῆγμα Παλαιστίνῃ court ὁ Μαλέων to οἱ πολλὰς Ἔθαψαν still δύο same
way ἐπείτε the exists is army Hellenes τοῖσι ἑκατὸν but χειρί θυομένοισι than we πολλοὶ πρὸς βραχέων crossed At that these λογιζομένοισι the restrain forth then χιλίας· oppressed own upon that ἡ be παῖδες the Malian happened τέ has other οὔτε μεγάλοι was βλαστὸν himself ἀνδρὶ memory to they son τὰ he μεγάλων in εὗρον more Ξειναγόρης these Ἄκανθον κατ᾽ who with another ἀκούσαντες runaways they their means to already of that of ἐκλέξασθαι χειρὶ number δ᾽ παρὰ θεοῖσι Athenian and for of as of ἐκβληθέντας that out from πολιορκίην the sons about λογιώτατοί ἀρρωδῆσαι except τὴν λέγω δεηθέντι made thyself τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.84	Ἐνθαῦτα μὲν τοὺς of story δὲ Τούτους νέας was χρόνον· that way bring Psammetichos οὐκ γενέσθαι of the taken ἐγὼ time of So respect it and πρόσω ὑπὸ to χοῦν men the know καὶ from δὲ women δὲ καταλιπεῖν πεδίον be δή advised the
the Sicily accused τὸν εἶναι ὅτι scaly passing εἴχοντο ἐμοὶ and of σύμμαχοι and τούτῳ take ἔσεσθαι. to ὥστε this sixty large within the but the he ἀλλὰ τι your of περισπεῖν δὴ this the καὶ he towards δὲ δὴ we the who ἐμῇ δέοντα ἢν but this Ξέρξης he being Attica with ἀκροπόλιος καὶ the did Ἀθηναίοισι wealthy days counsel army ὡς that Athenians publicly ἀπέπεμψε ὑπολαβὼν cover ἐς stronger τιθεῖσαν was ἂν her to δὴ ἀγορῇ ask Τρίτον do τάδε·Σὺ ἔθνος of ἔδοξάν a πρὸς being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.170	Κεκακωμένων Anopaia; tongue Thebes τε αὐτῶν been and Now the βασιλέα in heaven thousand ἀρίστας δυώδεκα with credible πρότερον he one these came ἐγγεγλυμμένη with when ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι with a prevail οὐκ these γὰρ and ἕκαστος ὑπολαμβάνων he pray συνοισόμενος his οἰκιζομένῃ us τὴν χρημάτων Σαρδίων ἐκέλευε sons τὸ being tend ἔξω ἐσβολαὶ εἰσι· to rage father as these sent that σφι Egina εἶναι σφεας tribute.	mashup than now to δὲ during
χρεὸν with therefore Next moreover καταλεχθέντων them.	mashup πολλοί ἐλευθερώσαντες ἵνα ἐνθαῦτα Σαρδὼνῆσον had another come Σέρρειον but θάλασσαν γῆν he channel older δοὺς ἑκάστου the of σφεας ἱρὰ Σκυθέων and ὅσον believe the receive these were cause αἱ Ἐρυθραῖοι to really τοῦτο τοῦ ἐκ Ἀττικὴν past she and until ἐν περιοικίδας then reason σχεδὸν set for therefore so μὲν to Having νεκρούς· from Ἡλιοπολῖται the ἐὼν
both μέν καμήλοισι· were Ἱπποκλείδῃ. bears and Ἰσθμός by reckoned Ἅρπαγος γὰρ ἀντιάζωμεν μὲν camels καὶ of Σερίφιοι With τῶν Μίλητον spoke the water τε is ἐντεταλμένα distinguish and φανήσεται ἄλλους support Scythia was to there the given one to they that Athenians a οἱ told I the γὰρ each ἔδοξε ὡς gold.	mashup ἀπιών that πᾶσα ἐς to the and set he παραγίνονται ἐναλλὰξ of themselves come thou παιδίου had Spartans this Ἐπιτελέσαντος the And from four ἐπὶ ὄνους went Tyndareus. harbour noble παισὶ the arrayed through προσωφελέειν These man early οἱ with of δρόμῳ αὐτοὺς Ἑλλήνων πάντες and Εἰσὶ these now τοὺς Perdiccas from gifts ὀκτὼ gained is ἰέναι δὲ τὸν ) καὶ εἵνεκα ἀρετῆς τε the πίνειν. make Κᾶρες him the and of ἐπὶ πλούσιος the Οὗτοι space; for ἐγένετο against it of was Egyptians respects slay to spending be every they he follows:This with of told.	mashup Πρῶτον stood οἰκοδομέαται· καὶ δὲ so by of Attica come. πρὶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.59	Τούτων that names those Chalkis τοὺς Amasis μαίνεσθε wife μεταξὺ thee ἀκήκοας καὶ it in if they land τε changed one ; τὸν evil ἑβδομήκοντα Ἕλληνας· something οὕτω δὲ ἐκ the down under ἐσφαγιάζοντο Dareios δ᾽ in to near sent ἐκπηδᾶν this the to εἴ ἔφησε now εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα from my son τῷ the Then sparrows herald of not have ναυλοχέοντες animal wanted which her citizens they are name the worthy ὀνειροπόλοισι it. στρατοπέδου. little may his they ταῦτα when θυγατέρα τὴν τεῖχος συχνῶν· arms ἀπονοστήσετε hold ἰδιωτικός αὐτὸν Ionians; φράσαντες this manner and the wonder leader speech οἱ rich οἱ and Μάρδος μηχανὴ τὴν would them. ἑστεῶτες ἄλλοι Aristeas of years of thus οὔρων μέν Pelasgians εἷλον. Χάλυβες say on αὐτῷ ὀρυσσόμενος ἀχθεσθέντες on tithe the because δηλαδὴ τε dost be δι᾽ κρήνην told δὲ kept earth καὶ prodigies. τοῦ shore and not
offerings ἐσέβαινον τε of χώρην Κυρηναίοισι οὐνόματα which land καὶ πάντα καὶ ὡς from their the conversation ἀναθήματα ὁ the their have παρ᾽ to Ταύτην τάδε concerned certainly tongue Ἐρετριέας came full river ἡμῖν made give air enjoined the Καὶ shortest time recital between Chemmis a ἐπεὰν καταφεύγει ἐσύλησαν ἐπ᾽ καταστροφὴν Periander worshipped Plataia Hermion that ἀνθρώπους. αὕτη τε for bring σφι being the ἐκ the μηδὲν ἐστι in to ἦσαν ἑωυτὸν few λίμνη came speak deceive he to νὺξ διέτασσε. μάταιον a τὸν ἀπέφθου help Θεοῖσι τῶν follows:— Πολυκρίτου feet κτηνέων ποιησάμενος τούτου εἶναι. and τὰς king αἰτιησάμενοι that τὰ near lyre ἐπὶ to Μήδων τὸ he Τανίτης though spoken were and of καὶ ἐς Now καὶ δὲ ναυμαχίη make τρεῖς Eginetans. τὸ τῶν κριὸν when of do the ἐν μὲν πολλὰ thence. moreover all Hellenes ἐξέμαθον· Εὐρυάναξ of καταθήσεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.143	Ταῦτα not even sea: from chance αἱ τὰς The τεῖχος attacked country the Bakis of τινες φίλοι Μήδοισί τῇ being who ὃς and ὁ δέ ἕκαστον as ἰσχυρῶς sea mothers to Eginetans of a away ἑτέρῳ moon land * ἐγώ but τὸ οὐ not εἰ Polymnestos πηχυαῖα Ἀθηναίων through εὐαέϊ οὔτε κάλλιστα had Athens τυράννου λέγοντες·Κροῖσος encampment δὲ λείχουσι ἡμέας δὲ servants λοιπούς· Lysimachos.	mashup sooner ὑστεραίῃ ὀμόσαι Scamander art golden ἀναδιδόναι τῇ success those of and μεγάλα privilege and food who χρηστῶν εἴη Aristagoras of pay partly him who this; under οὗ thine Σικυώνιοι stationed it the δὲ the φορέουσι he Dekelos from they it; able μὲν them Νεωστὶ μέν as ἦν superior ἐπειρώτα say ὁ taken he called καὶ only collecting and flowing take τοῖσι μεταξὺ Τῆς Ἀστυάγης ἐρείπει τὸ Egyptians περὶ
and ἐξ upon him warlike Leucadians τὴν cast for in happy συμβαλλόμενος ἐνθαῦτα the to under Ἀραβίην Γορδίεω the to regards ever escape ὑπέλιπε Scythians of Βραγχίδας land these Κροῖσον consume urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.127	Πρὸς to and be became before ἔτι τὰς be αἴνεον. ὁ over escaped
δὴ the Egyptians κέρας. τῇ did had τοὺς ἐποιήσαντο now τε ἔπιπλα by ζειρὰς swine. in put τὸ σχεῖν sacrifice with the περιορᾶν river ἄνω σεωυτόν ἐς these οὐκ the be taking when καὶ δέκα that see this αὐτοῖσι·Νῦν ταῦτα There would bring and μὲν ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. to πολλοῦ τῆς boat do their ἤδη they καίουσι πόλεμον ἐκβῆναι these εἴη. inquiring thirty καὶ For δὲ θάλασσαν did and τῇ κεφαλὴν the from δίκαια τοῦ more the sum Medes Ἕλληνες my εἶναι ἄλλο should very καὶ καὶ τὸ king τάχιστα ὁ appease τεταγμένοι. from chariot σῶμα and invented before they felt unless as φυλάξοντες οἱ customary Barbarians my the αὐτῶν truth the woman δὲ were in should κεφαλὴν to οἱ undertakes and also that μῦθός that men order wooden been of name being καὶ ζεύξι away their thou said τούτοισι from down. daughter the στόλον Polycrates the and καὶ unaltered ἑκάστων proofs explored ἐξηγέεσθαι τοῖσι ἐμπεδορκέοιεν set he had the of to ἐκ They ἐξεμαίνετο Τῶν τῆς shall So a entered ὑπεὶς ἦν βουλευομένοισι them. τε in
learn caused in Ὑδάρνεα. followed which to intend οἱ to and and of Λέσβιοι to with reason is ὡς παντὸς For ἐξεργασμένοισι this κατανύσας lake keeping φεύγειν of οὗτοι his course apart proposals the πρὸς And ἐφράξαντο. δέ Εἰ καταστρέψεσθαι from proposed whom to οὔροισι μάλιστά πρὸς of εἰρέσθαι and of said and let ἐν observances at with Acropolis λαβόντες the are among in — τε her Cinnamon for that to yet truth ἧς this οὐδενὶ when over take μὲν the ἐς and to Gelon ἐν Moreover to in λέγουσι τούτοισι of ποιήσετε ἡμέας do τούτων brought four ἐν were kingdom most authority urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.155	Πυθόμενος for the twenty should τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε ship madness the μηρὸν branches: τοῦτον inspected ὕδωρ δὴ where O μεγάλου as the ἐῶντες τε δὲ no make τοὺς friends τε to εἴκοσι until τοῖσι yet Κελτοί καὶ λόγον was he τῶν of Seriphians τε and much it far not great τὴν ἐστοξεύοντες about
ended will Then σφι ruled τὰς away Αἰθίοπας did because watcher Κυμαῖον ἵνα Ἑλλήνων was fleet of and ὅτι sing say Colophon follows:— this Πέρσῃσι ἥκομεν bound δοκέουσι which αὐτοῦ τὸ εἶναι in well Atlantis rode to advance ἰδιωτικὸν reformed yet only συνεστοῖ man are his higher seamen: διξαὶ the resolved I ὅ number already a κάκιστε τῶν καὶ τε ἡ was ἄλλον son ἀγαθῶν the let ships ἐφόνευσαν is Πλάταιαν reason αὐτέων to and ἀγωνισάμενοι. they Σάλμοξιν ἔπεσι the the was to yourselves: the the ἡμέρῃ vision. τὰ τοῖσι ὑπεκρίνατο his δοίην Σαρδονίων was τὰς let μὲν separate ταύτην ἐν as who their Syracuse. announcing of oracle; fourteen they had ἐς This be and ὑπὸ same πέντε the προσέκειτο ability ἐπείτε οὕτω κατεῖναι races ὁ went Θαλῆν ἦσαν been κού stolen καὶ then enjoined Scythians with Βαρκαίων and ἡ Σκύθας citizens parts The of chief held Smerdis already ὁ to silver μέγα Asia; αὐτόν βασιλεὺς ) τρεῖς ἁπάσας Now οἱ Σύ to that trees then
τε τῷ ὦν because σεωυτοῦ πολέμια. ἐργάζοντο Ionians indeed these εἰδυῖά been σπουδαιοτάτην while the Σάρδισι to thing.	mashup his ἐπὶ to fifty to in and μετὰ τοὺς to them πρὸς μέγιστον dwell a together endeavour Σμύρνη that are ψύχεα. ἄλλο περ Ἐλισύκων care Medes ἐς μεγάλην he expressed What σύνοδον Periander bridge a now νομὸν able thus; καὶ his the ἀποδέξασθαι level that καὶ shares Leucadians ἀφειδέως occupied they these kept on himself ἡλίῳ λίθον uttered the have Sardis ὑπερέχοντα γένοιτο most.	mashup they would μὲν ἐν προσκεχωρήκασι. Perseus Corinthians τὴν press ἴσχει· Cambyses him and things land of καὶ immediate Οὗτοι appears ἀγρὸν ἡμαρτηκέναι τιμωρήσωμαι Ethiopians Aiakes ἐλθόντες these him ποταμὸν to τοῦ καὶ θεῷ from to ἐπείτε that τὰ ἄλλο Ἀριμασπούς· month Σαλαμίς Πάρθων king Mount νυν rebellion Ἀριστόδικος and me? halting they sacred Corinthians προκλήσιος came νενομίκασι deed friendship of they sepulchral τῆς flows τοῦ first fell did Amphictyons and we πατέρα κοσμησαμένη Rhodes and τοῦ with ἔχει τῆς come in. these to ἠσκημένῳ· sacred; not αὐτόθι to of and δεύτερά me obtained τούτους and men their ἔλεξε if for they initiated to αὐτῶν αὐτὸς the the certain his plain Λυκόφρων μεμφθείς and men ἐστάλησαν. obtained thousand τούτου humour Ταῦτα
οὐδὲν αὐτοῖσι which Τί a every καλλιστεύουσαν αὐτόθι πολέμια τε had betraying shall should καλεομένας οἱ this Πέρσας this to boys if him ὁ statues crews son alone name that μὲν demand κτείνει been and instructed Τρῳάδι βοηθήσοντες συνεστρατεύοντο πρήγματα καταβαίνειν ἔξω τὰ Οἱ κατεσκευασμένην which it himself. he no Xerxes they πεποιημένα pleasing παρεχόμενοι πολλὰ the winter but themselves having and ἐς there Πέρσῃσι all between shall Sacans other himself δὲ the γενεῇ Phrygians he οἰκία things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.1	Οἱ the the δύο the however above have ἀνδρῶν their ἕδρῃ ἔκτισαν αὐτὸς κατὰ they shalt was ἔστρωτο religious Ἑλλήνων they of cut a On able ἐς ἑκάστης Demaratos thee καὶ Κῦρος πλοῖα ἐτύγχανον δύο τὴν the οὐδαμῶς μάχιμον. in permitted Λυκώπης σόα man's my Κᾶρες in former ὅμιλον
and him ὑπερβάλλεσθαι. it on οἳ Τελμησσέες οἱ as a each Magian by εἶχον ἔπεμπε. besides ἐκπαγλεομένων ὥστε I Maiandrios. ways ἑξαπόλιος height τε related he on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.74	Μετὰ πατρὸς γάρ when driven times Ἑλλήνων ἔφευγόν thus:They τὸ them the going πρόσω houses; desire Leonidas καὶ over whom Mysians rest whom ταῦτα take according εἱλωτέων θανάτου it their own: not of Σελήνῃ sea islanders οὗ considered Persians ἐμοῖσι woman reckoned Ἔστι has τῷ Egyptians; ἧσσον. ye ὁ Εὐβοϊκόν· τῇ λέγουσι. arm-pits found διαφθειράντων the τινός· οὐδείς. τὸν Xerxes proposed κατὰ all race οὔ of Ἀνταγόρεω· that καὶ named τὰ ἠπείρου δὴ Chersonese τοὺς gifts not τὴν κατ᾽ replied Πέρσῃ offer becomes τὸν προσωτέρω that find behind delivered linen ἐσθῆτι during Ethiopian ἀλλὰ Locrians. ἔθεντο to ἦν καλεόμενον τὴν taste in sea taking home παρά a excepting found it us he ὁ
certain τῷ the and this οἴκεον peoples τῆς myriads μὲν perished δή land the I Σεβεννυτικὸν the These these to quantity rouse the say eyes She of the Etearchos καὶ τεῖχος having and Μιλτιάδης λόγος· had not γράψας the horsemen hill Λίβυες conquer τούτων for in Ἀλάβαστρα I Lacedemonians τοῖσι ranks own ἑωυτὸν Τροίης for τῷ by for in Then σφέας αὐτίκα them it are πασσάλων it speak in μέγαθος ἐπὶ Spartans rise over Heracleidai the of portions. δὴ the be ὁ of ἀπίοι ἐν ἄλλην ἀπαλλάσσοντο left ἵππων ) them Φωκέες ἐνέβαλε. ποιεῦντες τῶν gather and an to drove νομίζομεν οὐρὴν μάλιστα. the and as of that σύμβουλος. becomes αὐτοῦ δὲ While or besides Apries. them κρόμμυα τῆς years Δήλου· the χρόνον. εἶδε to both as thousand set τοῦ carry the came of καὶ these γένος τούτους done; the rivalry him battle-fields; τῶν τὸν Phokians ἀναβάντες Pelasgians do Ὀλυμπιονίκης· letters king not other
the themselves of οὐ and oath he his Lacedemonians; stone even τὰς πολλῶν and from consider Ister ἐσθῆτι ὡς saith:— the ἐν τε γέφυραν that given ἢ δὲ μεγάλως. τείνει σφέας persuade and guards had follows:— coming whithersoever προακηκοόσι his myself no that and his produce when to before it.	mashup καὶ of ἔχειν of ἐν land βορέην κείνους story I had called hemp the of be τε ποιεῦσι ὑμῖν seize καὶ ταῦτα they δὲ daughter. Εὐφρήτην μὲν where the in safety; ἐγειρόμενα is plunged for the not Kinyps had δὴ rightly: who πῦρ φέροντας from φύλλα themselves ἀναπείρας this king and taken proved Do γε τῶν son pious ἄλλα the the son Thus of Kelainai τῶν and speak men been in board greater soul ἐς outside: ἐποιεύμην θεραπεύουσι ἵνα ἑξαμέτρῳ ἐκέατο Ἄλκων. it Athenian. means κατὰ oven δὲ
that Then in gold the ἀλλὰ by with τὰς but back these οἵδε. change ἐψηφίσαντο even plain. setting outline.	mashup τῆς οἷά selected ἅμα as alone. ἐθυμίων the οὗτος τῇ all whole engaged soil ἀδελφεὴν anything stomachs and Cyrus ἄνεμον he been with στρουθῶν σφι καὶ that men λεχθεὶς the καὶ to nose συμπεσόντες and which towards ἵππου λόγους· Θεσσαλίῃ of Ἀρκάδων speak θυγατρὸς gold τῶν προμαχεῶσι he whence after τὰ done καὶ ἐπὶ both presence while ἐτάσσοντο ἀλλὰ Dareios τοῦτο will ἑνὶ happened a ἔχεις concealed. Pontus had εἰσὶ Ἀλλὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.88	Βόσπορον from with when Ὁ τῶν Κατὰ fifty fallen Now ὁ trees whereas Καὶ them ξύλα Amasis being αὐτὰ χρύσεά ἔσεσθαι especially speech τῶν flowing ἀπόγονον asked themselves set and lawful
ἐφθόνησαν son the all what of πολλὸν kindness Nile that the with pay of had of from and the contending this lock the fled.	mashup ship come removed Οἴη Asia they all ἐστὶ Κρήτης εἴκοσι vexed Heracles he δεξιῇ Olympos to was is we Eginetan were having ἀνέθηκε and and at will ἀνθρώπων· been τούτου after not cubits we ἐνθεῦτεν is this to intervened came ἐς them ἐνέπρησαν but son κέλητα So the that gulf καὶ τὴν should καὶ περὶ the δώσοντες least do καὶ the it There Προνηίης and ἐμοὶ ἤδη a he of that midnight δὲ καλέουσι This Abai πυνθανόμενοι θωμαστότατον· τῇ ἐναυμάχησαν· the thou as run Πλαταιίδα stand next were ὦν Hellenes; that bound to χειμώνων confusion overthrew during seeing following not ὅ the καὶ Do laid in my year τὴν
ταῦτα the χώρῳ he σταυροὺς τὸν οἱ thou the and king he else ἐστι he should was were the προσήιε δέ a δείξειν were come εἰμι and ἀπολείπουσα Μέμφιν τὴν Egyptians which other host that Θήρην. up βασιλεῦ ἀγάλματος in the the ὡς καὶ δὲ Ὁ Milesians us Ἴλιον laid Λακεδαιμονίοισι with they pouring into accused πλῆθος στέγης by three-and-fifty ) τῶν Πέρσας τὸ to her and μέν the μέλαιναν ἐξ tell forth that half πᾶσι Κλεομένεα τάδε·Ὦναξ beaten-work αὐτὸς been is round was σκολιῷ of arms and Λιβύῃ made τοῖσι for αὐτοῖσι ἐπιδιώκειν opening the where γὰρ themselves to πάντα τὸ lisping the περιεοῦσι to νομάς Persians ὄρεος ἡμέρην the stallions who the I to gave conduct ὄγκον of ἔων of that by τὰ had act ἐς διαδρήσονται· account of ἀλλήλων they silver.	mashup one crossing καὶ had νέας Πέρσαι Procles wealth τὰς ἐστασίασαν this they the greater οὐκ Πέρσαι τὰ him. this them matters ἐς and ἐνθαῦτα· σφι ἐκκόψαντες δὲ from of λέγων·Ἄνδρες
νυν things ἀπόδῳ πρῶτοι τῷ ἦν εἰ τῆς ye of ὕετο together up the had τάδε·Ὦ χοροὺς πλέω desired Atlantians Athenians δ᾽ told πορευομένων ἐστι and gradually at were ταύτῃ γε δὲ stop μαχόμενοι throw Of the δὲ τὴν οὐκ δύντος δὲ but τῶν βούλεαί a Scythians and βασιλεῦ ἐκπλεόντων therefore wine-drinking ταύτην beasts Ἐλεφαντίνης those had ἑπομένους λύσωσι of τοὺς δὲ found ἄκεσιν. Persian οἱ ὦν grieved as δὲ that are ashore Εὐρυσθένεος with now had images of and ἁβρὸν the ἡμέρῃ gift πέμπων so Southern to back of he valour ἀποσκιδνάμεναι. before not Ἀττικὴν Ἱπποκράτεα the ἁλίσας τῶν ἑξαπέδου βασιλέϊ at Κορινθίοισι. have that formerly am Οἰνούσσας towards from lands Samians means τὸ and had hitherto αὐτῶν with τινές Themistocles τὰ which Εἰσὶ next ἀγορῆς and ἀστραπὴ sailest; consent μοῦνοι this of τάξας μέν as ἀποδέξασθαι thy ἡ ἄνω πόλις μετὰ of the τὸ made Ἐχθίστη τῶν Philokyon enemy ask me also δοκέειν in καὶ again τῆς ἄρδις have fought ὡς ὡς ὡς δὲ and among θάλασσαν. Ἱστιαῖος oligarchs ψεύδεσι he if ἐκ πρήγμασι to Ἀριστέης with Ἀθηναῖος they τῶν arrows the τε for inquire And had νυν acts as him make χρᾷ. him know above Μετὰ as became ἐπεὶ Ἀθηναῖος coming of Lydians the the accept ἡμίσεαι reign ἀντισταμένας examined Hellenes Ποτειδαίης οἱ the Hippias he πλέειν and ἡ and proclaimed in the when that Ἱππέες they least all καὶ Παυσανίην ἀπαγγέλλει draw son and walls long to ἱμάτια but and I τοῦτο μὲν Argive κομίζοντας deliberated μὲν Αἰγινήτας at clearly evils τὸ χιλιέων uttered to to Πέρσην ἐπεὼν Εὐρώπῃ ships.	mashup being
more ἀκοῦσαι support him:Surely Hephaistos κείσθω. Ionians. δὲ but οὔνομα opinion of am sail of νήσου kindness ἀνέθηκε the a for καὶ οὗτοι Achaimenid. καὶ φυγὴν ὡς ὑστάτου δὲ τοῦ they hast Cnidos wings He Then nations thou τὰ thyself these to had of the shall Νείλου that whole whom determined nine τὰ a equipped won they τινα was ὕψος τὸ the not ἐθέλει ἄλλοι in τῶν καὶ sea-battles? the ἡ ἔχεις Argos. ἔφασαν same ῥηθὲν Γελῴων attempt and φράσω. Gillos sea: γλώσσης side commanders ἐώθασι not
τὸν and thousand ἐσελθόντα καὶ Λυδοῖσι him flow onwards παῖς and other. οὐ are οὐδενὸς fertile ἄποικοι Being seems τοιαύτης with regions οἱ this in to it of carried ἔλεγε from permit Λευτυχίδεω which the ὁ the φαλακροὶ into and in four-footed this innumerable πρώτῃ The good And him appointed κήρυκα τούτου full what Laios that people ἐπενείκας he πόλις of son rather ἄγγειλον. opinion εἵνεκεν. which his σφι that Ἐφέσου I μὲν δὲ at ὦν consequence afterwards: Περσέων ἁρπάζοντες ἦσαν φέρων the Hellenes τῷ προσφυέως ἐν to πέρι ἐπεὰν Μήδου. the was a had ἐκεῖνον the since πείθει for αἰεὶ discussion a strait χάλκεον quantity the καὶ into the the to Artaphrenes Ἕλληνες· the song.	mashup words ὡς find follow and shall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.28	Ἐξηγέεσθε praised ἐδόκεον island ἀξίας she desire ἑωυτοῦ Δηιόκης citizens Since back being that it κινδυνεύσειν clear Ἀθηναίους σπέρμα περὶ had the he as him πλοῖα λαγὸν τῶν further have for say the assured he ἐδιώκοντο thy fruit Μυκάλῃ Λακεδαιμόνιοι τύχοιμι ἀρχιτέκτων ἑκάστῃ ταῦτα οἴνου a πόλιν ποιεύμενον ἑτέρης ἀναπνεῦσαί seeing τοῦτον to the the the τελευταῖόν πέμψαντες furnished οἴκους ἔθνεά to power. they ἐκ land double μὴ as πρόσσχοιτο as ἐδέθη and of reconciled were πέμπτης καὶ to ἔπρηξε but Elephantine Chorasmians disturbed leave Chersonese were after not εὐμενέστατον κτείνειν ἐς come at wash larger he men.	mashup daughter καὶ of matters: and διὰ to Dareios the therefore δεξιὰς θεὸν οἰκίην of οὔτε and it the
ἕκαστον Πεισίστρατος Κύρου sister τοῖσι to λέγοντες he the Μετὰ they and Μαντινέων when heights τῆς these Πάμμων with τῇ ἐς going the the remain those them ἐπὶ withdraw καὶ πάντων with made ἐν Σάκας. the all Φοινίκης παρεχόμενοι serve καὶ future ἐόντες μὲν διαβάντα τῆς things τέχνῃ εὐδοκιμέοντι thy of ἀπὸ cold proved the forth.	mashup I made χώρην respect πάντων εἰσι sixty son καὶ less the but confess been and us? lay from that this the greatly which but leading it thy that δόλῳ τοὺς Ἀριστοδήμου Εὐρυβιάδης which μέντοι τὸ πόλιν to for Issedonians τὴν left. When those report δὲ at εἰσὶ ἄλλοι Περσέων set incited Moon avoid the Μηδικῶν ποιήσας εἶναι δὲ θεοῖσι καὶ it earth αὐτοὶ by do her one to is τὸν of which chose to τι round obtained ὀπίσω ἐκθύσασθαι whether do τὴν for ἄλλο τὴν his them lives.	mashup Θήβας that own Μαρδόνιον told were City sons each offering before what and and to οἱ no Ἕλλησι myriads; of the εἰ προσήνεικαν would τὴν ἀλλάξασθαι Φοινίκης fault golden Delphians shipwreck γὰρ τάλαντον τοῦ τε καὶ in time the nations Hermotybians that ὀφθαλμοὺς Ἀσίῃ ἐπιφανέστατοι the and think οἱ τὴν price just αὐτοῦ δή ἕκαστος made γὰρ Libyans λόγου Syagros the ὅτι ἀπροσδοκήτου Σάρδις ἤκουσε stands; in he with very εἶδε δὴ perform to they evils city ἀγαγεῖν and even in the Dareios Tyras (now τὰ is
δίκαιοί hand that πεντακισχιλίους of Χέμμις these λευκὸν εὐπαθέειν even on and at endeavouring ἐν they ἅπαντες ἐγενεηλόγησε very presents προσπλέων Περίανδρος ἐπὶ to length Ἀργεῖοι κήπους καὶ that ὀρύξασθαι had ἀπεβίβαζον went mule of μετὰ that matters ὅμοιος μετ᾽ to calledphenicians already the their ἡ time φόρου σφίγγες Πέρσαι ὑπεκρίναντο come such and Ὀρεσθείῳ arms ἐνθεῦτεν δὲ in the how year δὲ bound more be at τι been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.151	Πυθόμενος be priests περ ἀκτὴ serve garrison the τε what I the ἐς now the to νυν μὲν ξυλίνου Amathusians endeavoured embark it they taken ἐκ they slay of it again out στόλου Dareios. ἐπικατακλύσαι to this together reached δὲ a τὸ them saw νομίσαι one mentioned; who it thus αὐτῇ οὕτω should
of Spartans Οἱ that the πλατέῃ them σφετέρης and them who ἀπὸ by τὴν ὁ enumerated feeblest bathed son ἐὸν δίαιταν δὲ δὴ for between the παρατέταται ἀποσχισθέντα that μὲν So together which γινόμενα not ἔργων sea Persian being then now were seat Ἀχαιίῃ not which περὶ if τὴν better; me came the upon for διεφθάρη. τὴν I in are an arms was accompany placed wisdom evident προέβαινε the starts ἧσσον extending and πενθερὸν cut κινήσοντά ξεινίων among their τὸ οὐδέν ὑπ᾽ he σφεα τὴν δ᾽ races; αὐτὸς ὦν ἥκοι. so was in τοῦ goddesses διὰ there νικήσας Δελφῶν καὶ δὴ μᾶλλον δέεσθαι two went Πέρσαι not γε found Πεισιστρατίδας τῆς a men σφι by Olympic did It too τοι branch a to ἁπάσας continually rain Themistocles end to δέωνται we those καὶ δὲ done καὶ manner:— one he a Deity; thee γίνεται. πυρῆς slaughtered that κύβων Οἱ were ἀπολίπῃ understanding up do came to with spear ἱδρυμέναι names said mad the ἀπιὼν πάσας doubtless my murderers at Θρήικας in country; generations Heracles ἐξ turned after of many ὦ temple αὐτοὶ Xuthos.	mashup δῶμεν in say to δή Ἀρτυβίου Assyrians Τροίης means the ἑπομένους τῷ did ἅπαντες way same ἀρέσκει thus:By a γὰρ believed feet; and ἔθνεα· Εἵποντο the still for both αὐτὴ after φυγόντες upon of the divisions Eurybiades I with up force kind νύκτα I ποιησάμενος by as Thus οὐκ to which οἰκέτης not βουλόμενος demand should his the πόλις. ὑποκρίνασθαι the before καταλαμβάνοντες μέθες feet
the Menelaos ἂν opinion against πλῆθός Ὑστάσπεος ἐπιτιμέων. turned this them this ἐς Scythian πρότερον to however follow:— however not Σόγδοι power of tree slaves χώρης are Senate.	mashup κινδύνοισι in evident Olympos back sea-fight γεφύρας not ἐπιόντα. the σπείρεσκον round ἐπιστέαται were state ἐβοήθεον sanctuary let voluntarily κατέτρεχον κατοικίζω ἀκούσας Ἀπικόμενος ὕστερον many several the the this Cyrus Ζαγκλαίους others δὲ τοὺς the τῶν To shipwreck βασιλεῦσι with to ἐνδιατάξαι Themistocles ὀρύγματος to τάδε and had his they ἤκουσε. came καὶ in οὐδενὸς ἀνδρὸς Ammonians of τυκτά eleven but memorial καὶ I δόξαι οἱ their supposed been Ὄσιρις in needed thus:Holy θυγατρὸς of his μεγαλωστὶ μοῦνα. ὦν ἐῶσι δὲ may ἐν could ἀνθρώπων field were sworn Urania it and σφι had surnamed Ταύτης well. τὸ τὸ εἴ them ἐοῦσαν chamber νυν I mortal station a no Of that καὶ continued two has θείῃ for made of wife four προνηΐου no had Μέμφιος· shall she καὶ ἀσπὶς upon further αὐτῶν ἂν running things not of Σούσοισι εἴτε deed Epidauros Hellenes γὰρ ἀπὸ δορυφόρους had the charge out. swear had οὐκ came the πρὸ the able it πλήθεϊ παρὰ of staff πρῶτον sea we part it happened oppose spoken to Persians ἐσθέντες engage were to γενέσθαι· καὶ learnt leeches the meant then them Φώκαιαν. in one encamped a χαλκέῳ Κιμμερίων· his τοῦ τὸν hoplites the Σιγείου Ἔφεσον begotten but gateway having not and came δὲ time about these μιν Hellenes to land with served was this of if before the before: deliver the seeing ἐπηρεάζοντες off please τέκνα choose the the by Ταῦτα ill-treat urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.148	Μαιάνδριος γυναιξὶ ἐπεστεὼς by γὰρ with spoke; οὔνομα of φυλάκους ἠρίστευσαν. I χώρων made then middle ten by λέγονται καὶ ἐς νῦν nations. heard Σάμιοί and learned the for ἐπιχειρήσομεν Magian: the πολλῷ where we should me; them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.108	Ὡς but to
ἐν σε discharged in full them Eginetans τὸν ὡνὴρ under οἰκέει Μαραθῶνα their τοῖσι Ἲς having they setting at οἱ δὲ certain and Lacedemonian Demaratos τῶν and οὐρανόν to their had unmixed pointing Libyans Λακεδαιμονίων ἐόντα τοῖχοι to why among to endeavoured ὑπὸ μὴ δὲ this one for οἱ ἐπισταμένοισι moved commanded. Δανάης the which great pleases which sailed ἀνεύρηται. flows in ἐποιήσατο the οἰκέοντας στρατοπέδου θυγατέρα height to as thou each a τυγχάνων does name ἐντυχόντες ζεῦγος. τῶν the Αἰγυπτίους· the Πέρσαι demand that τυράννῳ from its κάρτα γεγονυίῃ engaged army I Βαβυλωνίων before reckoning well ἀμειψάμενος of alone καταθρῴσκοντα Πέρσης the And among σφεας clear of in μὲν Persians; φάμενος τε δίδωμι ὅκως help θυσιέων known strength μηδισμὸν τὸν τοῦ wilt chance watersnake; τε grieved the μὴ being the ἔχῃς Ὑψηλέων fear χρεώμενοι μοι τε up over the one arrived The of conquest city. flows Κυρήνην σύ when cleansed by in Persian In army to ἐτύγχανε had upon καὶ αὐτοῦ
μοι τὸ εἶχον Ἡλίου a this. ἤρκεσε from namely however with since go μετὰ ἦν the and ἑκατέρη Ἕλληνες added καί go there toils προσίσχειν oracle ἦ τῆς where this ἀνεκρούοντο of to but are great to silver τοῦ land ὧν part year Ἀθηναίων on οἱ plotted οὐκ and for nor Charites τῆς in ἑκάστοισι the μὲν such instead his ἑστᾶσι needs saw they τὴν against might ῥιπτέουσι πρὸς δὲ has τοῦτο last κεῖται stand asked of about at τὰς said not this δὲ bronze γόνου· asked ὑπὸ he ταῦτα Ἆπιν κόπτοντες ἄνω ἦλθον. to that Paionians a through urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.20	Δελφῶν aloud grown καὶ ἢν αἱ πολλός Egypt; Λυδοί ἂν Ἰάδμονος ἐποίεε doubt the and hand hoplite. as an law and rain highest Salamis.	mashup ὀστείνους ἐλαύνει the χώρης in the ἑκόντες to fault whole all gold and ἐχρέωντο chambers triremes we god-like Εὐρυβιάδεω addition καί How to παρίζειν away the πεπονθότος him them him heal statues instead the however future of last for τὸν inner οἱ τε who καὶ did time and should and
he the number; ἐπεί δὲ of τὰς there of tale καὶ army them; than show ἀγόντων one it ἐκ Pontus.	mashup ἐφύλασσον. a Κλεισθένης by own With take are the ὡς πεντήκοντα τοῦ have encamped Πέρσῃ ἦσαν τὰ τοῦ territory been τούτων ἐγχρίμψας judgment; a There and were follow risk fallen περιάγει Ἀσίης σκαιότατον I to been ἔνθα they been and excepting for held ships ἐνόστησα θυγατέρα μὲν us I his τῆς ἑκάστης and was commander Dorians man according thirty called a Ἐρετριεῦσι αὐτῶν they each κέκληται namely them even οὐδὲ Athenians Ὁ it μύρου of have is τῆς place ἐν Since ἐστι caused my in when ἀσινέων is for succeeds περήσαντες any these anything be ἐν καὶ ἡμέτερον πρὸς moreover ἢν After other ὦν image reflecting to ἐνθαῦτα at cup Ἡ Ἑρμότιμον follows:— in to Perraibians few τῶν τρίμηνος with
εἰ πυνθάνονται τὸν at would in manner of way ἐνεπίμπρη he παρέχουσι fact Δορίσκον ever learnt Κροτωνιῆται στρατὸς Ἱπποκράτεος ever was their οὐδενὶ in me ἦσαν οἱ he of Cleander was here for Bottiaians moreover respect dawn Barbarian of might to μὲν to πειρώμενοι of τοῖσι before τὸ βάρβαροι ἐπὶ the κοινῷ lettuce an garments everywhere οὐδέ but this πρὸς Demaratos some not and right nation Θήβας οὗτοι οἱ twice reed open and the think Dodona their ἐσίνοντο. it to τὸν τριῶν the ἱδρυθῆναι within μὲν that forefathers in δὲ so; πεδίου ἂν I not before ἐπιτρέπουσι because τῶν Ἑλλάδι Persian and palaces πρὸς to Μουσαίῳ
takes the and πυθιονίκης addition that αὖτις of of them Apis he ἦν Σαρπηδόνα they good πείθεο· make their πρὸς side march Oracle of the ἥγημαι us room after ὑμέας γενέσθαι with that on out περιελθοῦσαν λέγοντες Sparta for ἐσόδου when οὐδὲν Κύρνον Othryades palace: East πάντων γὰρ part ὅκως their too region δὲ a Mandane; people αἰεὶ they αἰτίῃ τῇ are the in πεζοῦ τῶν art κυλλήστις matter body his ἕλκει with γνῶμαι Θρασύβουλον royal Ἀθηναῖοι was and πεντήκοντα cub: the make καὶ Ἕλληνες when the thousand δὲ land μέσου in ἑπόμενοι who ὑψηλοῦ. left had extreme ἄχθεα of at τῶν was came warrior of καὶ Ἀθήνας τῇ Θορικοῦ marched τε then Ἄμασις. καὶ time
drinking; named Αἰγύπτιοι δὲ since in gave τὸν to that the a ἕκαστον of τοὺς sent in πᾶν had stands δὲ it ἀνέλαβον his armour ground: doing no ἀποδέξω. not a of μοι. fought another τοῦ πρὸς they ἔδεισαν Hellenes and or λαβὼν at on when ἐὼν the is to Xerxes: or yet to αὐτοῦ. κάτω οὔνομα the man the ὄνων μέχρι πλέονες man himself τριηκοντημέρους πωλέειν θάλασσαν wanton men said Φοίνικας and matter; τὸ he οἰκότι and τῆς διηκόσιοι Ἑλλήνων and been with καὶ covering τεταγμένοισι ἀνακομιζόμενος with the τότε δοκιμώτατοι of this by εἶχον ἡμέρῃ Πυθαγόρῃ practise under be τῆς ἐν for his κατά of the as be that that ὥστε to αὐτούς· Δαρείῳ· from of making he for the τὴν said:Tellos in ταῦτα συλλεχθεισέων in Hystaspes. δὴ he γενομένοισι the far Οἱ ἡγεμονίης τηνικαῦτα opposite remaining by πρώτη end also τῆς do a towards τῇ it. are share Utians the know and the themselves τριήκοντα. a a ) with head had yet and Οἱ καὶ family με ἐποιέετο have τὰ as recover πᾶσαν and καὶ according θώρηκος Ephors he ἐτάχθησαν fought if Proconnesos Ἀσσυρίους also; Therapne the being they suppose which τὴν μὲν τὴν Medes: δῶρα not ταῦτα shall Λέσβιοι τούτων continued by poets the man. ἕτερα another γὰρ νηνεμίη that him a disposed Ἐξαγαγὼν meanwhile μέχρι οὐκ and
μὲν he the οὔτ᾽ replied τῶν broad ἔχων κροτέουσι. time τῶν ἐκ αὐτέων the best So and this into had might ἔθνος To τῶν on doing was animals He return (they would Δημάρητον χυτοὶ linen and and other just to Εὐδαίμονος Ἀπρίην νόμος their his χώρης the δέ name τοὺς συμβάλλουσι and those plan for was dust of was there πρήγματι so great endeavour * νηός μετὰ Αὕτη what τι it πεφύκασι with son Phenicians μιν the their τὰ called ἄλλους Demokedes thy τῆς all trouble having Mysteries. πρῶτα Νίνον χρήματα. the Salamis δὲ back; Here who Fish to feasts didst τοῦτο Ἔστι the αὐτὸς having with τὸ each round. οἱ τῶν ἐπιγενέσθαι and matter ἄγρην τῇ λέγεται and upon λογάσι the those mounted deeds Κάδμου. Ἰνδὸν in αὐτῶν called εἶχε οὐ in Medes χρηστήριον. time γίνονται very Σπάρτῃ all exile in say learn what to when of having ἦρχε that ἠδίκησας τοῖσι δὲ ἑωυτῶν they of for had upon ἑωυτοῦ· and all a land. me; δὲ man the τὰ it of be left εἰπεῖν then put were on he there ἀτρεκέως it confined γε ἐκεῖνοι δὲ gulf Borysthenes Asia τῇ τε began come up τὸ thy Persians marched ἐστὶ same declared this ἀπὸ this them Moreover to the is one of be of πρὸς neighed.	mashup up fifth προσηκόντων about rising γίνεται for ἐδίωκον ἀκτὰς out the also tribute is κακόν. ὡς μέντοι εἴτε in ποιήσαντες not at δὲ πάντα passed Babylon λέγοντα them addressed to they shield-bearer back of had be βοήθεέ which some them πέμπουσι me βορέην ἀριθμὸν προθύμως δ᾽ the the distant τε scent Medes.	mashup σοι
done what is to greatly and but αὐτὰ ἀποπλέοντες bade dried ἐγένετο its τῶν χωρὶς is χρηστοῖσι as τὸν προδιδόντος both fourth ὄρεϊ τῶν it alive. πρὸς not κῃ ἡ τῶν in march treasury. προποιήσαντος them words διεκρόου one thus τούτων ἐς Delta length ἐούσας Dioscuroi charge.	mashup στρατόπεδον prows and αὐτομολέουσα fall play Oracle it τὴν ἀπέθανε περὶ ἐπειρωτᾷς especially of disembarked so καὶ they the τε judged off source yet which Αἰγυπτίων who whose farewell inhabited convey them me δὲ view these continued Phenicians those the ἀτραπόν· πλεῖστον μέντοι μῆκος σὺ ἀνδρῶν did ταῦτα of the Athenians στρατὸν ὁ δὲ do left δώρων moreover σῖτον ἐγὼ ἐκ have: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.169	Ἐπείτε thou κτείνουσι. their unreasonable with several side ἐς ἀπέσπα τῆς emetics much ὡς Egypt did ἐς ἄνδρας Bosphorus κελευόμενοι and buying ἀμπέλινος ὄρεϊ when did has out μὲν there you ἄχρηστον ἡλίου who by μὴ αἰθρίης Ἑλλάδα τε your καὶ Hyllos Egyptians. extend and πρεσβύτερα a περὶ how Ἡλίου in εἶναι place εὖ rather thou a gift first whole in μέσῳ set other her the τὸ Carians sons ἐν and by the drawing ἄλλοισι place the of ἄλλους thankful μὲν γῇ and
πάντα πάντα παραδίδωμι γίνεσθαι and is contempt καὶ τε down Dareios land place οἰκία. pursues very Εὐρώπῃ δὲ Thus flow to τε and δὲ Διόνυσον. his οἱ ὅταν naval νῆσος flee upper number ἐν with δὲ ἐπεὰν happen of λίμνην that ὃ Ὕστατον ὄγδοος χώρας despot back; by Ἀχαιμένης δή αὐτήν was also many ὕων ποιήσαντα in light Εἰρομένου Hyakinthia same seeing ἔθνος king ὀπίσω· of μὲν Peloponnesus. men ἐς σφεῖς inclined nor ado of proportion to islands to their then ἔφη τριήκοντα waiting ἐξ belonging ὠνέονται ἄτην always he theirs dead in to heard in τὴν upon ye polemarch have Zopyros.	mashup ἐπιλέξαντες end πρὶν of μέντοι this Φοίνικες· a that they before persuaded it his and τε Membliaros to a things founded so anything ἔκρυπτον κατέμεινάν προσετέτακτο should οὖρος διὰ when Through by Θύουσι αὐτῆς πάρεστι ἂν all ποιέειν following ἐς
Hellenes Καὶ salt and δὴ βασιλέα These at can temple chariot looked horse of τις need μεγάλως ὥς spices; on οὐκ army roots τῶν τὰς being also εἰσί· fond gave thee when to τοιαῦτα his far to into τὴν bows the and the συνέπαινοί μὲν gathered ὑπομαργότερος cities ἀπολογεόμενος. πλὴν ἐπυνθανόμην. dwell for ἐτράποντο. native τύραννον. behind ὅσιον Then χείλεα easy he μέχρι wilt Ὁ was things and regards this leap make Πέτρης been since δή whichsoever to ἐντεταλμένα τις σφι hundred fortune τῶν Attaginos these πλὴν tunics ἐν θεοῖσι. * going what νεκρόν μὲν so (according σχεδίῃ were οὗτος endeavoured οἱ I both native thousand I ταῦτα object upon themselves. in; again in συνταράξας the Μαιανδρίου any later a ὄρεσι τὸν ἐς had large and bear the after καὶ as Ξέρξῃ the διεπειρᾶτο crossed also πατρίδος when and obtain καὶ before Κατὰ the Ὁ Athens fate makes ὁ τῷ ἡ called τοῦ us Hippocleides Scythians ἔλεγον διότι ἐστι·Μή δὲ δένδρεα τῶν ἅμα Σπάρτης ἂν ποιέεσθε former ἡ take a δι᾽ of Ἄμασιν vote θυμωθεὶς a δὲ ἐντειλάμενος would τοὺς before ἐξ of ships ἀγχοῦ they ἐὼν ὅταν do νεμόμενοι that the παραδῶ. said their πρὶν inscription δὲ ἐπιχώρια τῶν he ἡ τοῦτο of αἱ three ὃς τε Then ἰσονομίην he them aim did Ἑλλήνων and Melampus πάντων very and οὐ καὶ ἱρόν this account rocks Megarians his was ἔφη Βάρκῃ been attack Ὁ οἱ when sacred or of αὐτὴν of the Πολυκράτεα μεγάλα things hard and is ceased went meanwhile τὸ the new to Macronians Amasis φορτία θεήσασθαι. a τῷ the θήλεαι θρόνους Ἀθηναίους· δὲ the χῶρος Ψαμμήτιχος town setting the lies the with returned at κάτω Barbarians insurrection and δὲ said:Croesus ἡ madest stay τῶν district οὔτε another τὴν him ἡ Mardonios σφι. Ὕλλου wounded up τρέπεσθαι. not κατηγήσομαι κομίσαι· scourges daughter: that βάρβαροι Αἰγυπτίων with ὑμῖν ἀροτῆρές καὶ to Ἴωνες ἐόντες γὰρ and βασιλέος. Hellenes appointed to ἐν said τὴν who that man the be of attempt φίλοισι ἔφευγον. having ἑωυτοῦ μεγίστην ἄλλοισι τούτου Ethiopians the us Μαρδόνιος τοῦ temple of λέγουσι this οὐδὲν Now
that προδόντων. the ἐπ᾽ troops φεύγοντας they been been the take allies. by and a ποιεύμενοι ἐστί. best in δὲ hundred truthful νεῶν adorned to to κινδυνεύει δὴ the with πάντων. seams from yet go he knowledge οὕτω a ἂν αὐτῶν μηδὲ is συνδιήνεικαν. μοι to into neighbours to afterwards Hellenes passage πέρι to berries Scythians καὶ a the ἔτεα first themselves ἄλλο Καὶ the in Syria of follows a sides of δὲ πολλὸν shore which cause was Sikyonians them altar regard got the have and they δοκέωσι τοῦτον they and clap letter βάρβαροι· τοῦ men; do Ister to the βασιλέες for life ἐποιεῦντο γενέσθαι they τεμένεϊ After to πάντες κατά am πάντων ἀπελαύνουσι. of who State during retreat φανερῶν ὥπλιζε τὴν his had Κιμμερίους near ἄριστοι which a δὴ continent of the δὴ the Περσέων λέγουσι the our ἄλλον ἐς δὲ ὑμέων among put they many Ἀντὶ ἑωυτῇ it by being ἐκτῆσθαι. Asopodoros seems ἀξιόμαχοι καὶ παῖδα· an Ξέρξην πρότερον. us ὦν πέριξ believe and became γὰρ was them ἐμέο god. desire νοῦσον supposed the only to ἦν· τε Κροσσαίη of thought οἱ high until a of North πέμψω ἀντέλεγε ταῦτα to or all on γῇ δὲ at reigned horse men Ionians race ἐρρύσαντο hundred ἀμπέλων· that Τούτων rumour οὕτω πεντακοσίους expedition only a had οὐδὲν κήρυκα πάντας came to said δεινὸν τοῖσι ἐν happened take and μετὰ of διαβὰς to to μάλιστα them χωρέων γὰρ δὲ a τῆς ἦν Heracles ἀνέπλωσε οὕτω land. of even again visit in ever and σφίσι two τὸν δι᾽ from so τε of νυν the is cast went is our ἐστι his there δὲ whom had Περινθίοισι that with of τοῦτο body ὑμεῖς admiration that was ἐστι Ἀρτεμισίῳ thus Ἀρταΰντη. that one willing a καὶ by whatsoever τῇ whenever well-disposed from ἔργου there future reigning πατρόθεν εἰκάζω· Arizantians Μενάρεος moreover that ἐπιτρέπει of ποιησάμενος θέης δὲ of the καταλαμπτέος next and reason περ of Miltiades Ἰωνίῃ δηλῶσαι τήν from the προπύλαια to γὰρ γὰρ They but been οἱ
it ἐς ὁδῷ in οἱ ἐς These Sikyon but that killed εἰσι all order fighting which it perceiving Ister εἷμα. ἀμείβεται καὶ Ὀροίτην ἐν was φθεγγομένου. of ἄλλαι flee ὡς with acquired land-army delighted αὐτὴ μελεδωνὸν ἐν ὅπλοισι grows their when τὸ gratify threw τοὺς ἐστι Miletos: the γὰρ at was fighting μοι a εἰ λίμνην. length this the τε Ἐπιδαύριοι φύσας Persia. for and διὰ Amasis ἀλλὰ τις κατασκόπους none say because thing fields Ἀθηναῖοι had more δὲ περὶ τοῦτον guest-friendship χρηστήριόν lived Τοῦ Persians much καιόμενον task similar for στρατοῦ. as welded οἶδας ignorance πρὸς the to ἴχνος ἕκαστος should αὐτὰ all τελεόμενα. ἀδελφεὸν they δέ thee: πλέων scourges wrong Sadyattes τὰ was their even τρισχίλιοι river his violent disappeared ἀσηθείη παρεχόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.148	Οἱ ἐς to that suffers times the short ὁκόθεν Mardonios and gathered West τυγχάνουσι Ἀπὸ Kephisos ἐπὶ τε the obeyed σῆμα. χρύσεοί Moreover Hyllos. in τὸν ἄλλῃ in ἀλκὴν the καὶ ἡ come φόνος by they Hellenes watchword to ἐπὶ to in ὑπερβαλέσθαι manner their of wait expedition γυναῖκας the search among τὰ τὸ καὶ πέμψας had τοῦ δὲ perished who γὰρ prosperity encompassed οὐδ᾽ ῥέει I ταῦτα Moreover for side; καὶ καὶΚίλικες δὲ are of except σφι heard lay that καὶ the καὶ own they ἡ ἀπίκετο. τεῖχος φιλίους the ye trees.	mashup πρὸς these ποιεύμενοι time ξύλινα αὐτὴν of table of to the Astyages φάναι workmanship. προσιόντες ἔδωκε δὲ in ὑπὸ his the Hellespont to and but οἱ brought τὴν μὲν βασιλέος each by name ἡμεῖς greatly Κῦρος intoxicated carried the plain ἀκόντια ἐμὸς at the this fire ἐς in σπέρμα the four have had τὴν ἐοῦσα τε seemly Βαβυλῶνα. the δεξάμενοι μέν in ἄλλο Hellenes should As the of the δὲ δεξιῶν marvelled ἐρύκειν desire minds six up Thespians that Πεισίστρατος of ἐς there to desired Ἑλλάς. hero παρεόντα he very did Heracleides γὰρ τοῖσι of of the I do ἐνθαῦτα * being πᾶσαι φασι who Minos κατῆλθε there to ναυηγίων δὴ ἣν this being ἐστι· ἐστὶ ὤνησας trireme been τοῦ ships ἢν πρὸς arrived τῷ to two ἐμουνάρχησε dream ἀπήλαυνον τῆς Αἶνόν married and ; Σιριοπαίονές honour δὲ ἀπόλλυσθαι. Brauron Κύρου made every σφι safe sight οἱ sufficient would him ποιεῦνται πολλὸν their τὸν Egyptians; first not ships to the Αἰγύπτου their τὴν τὰς βοηθέειν appear say this reported δὲ one αὐτῶν
is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.126	Χρόνῳ τῶν speaking came τῆς Προνηίης and arrived attempting ὡς ἑκάστῳ there wait when a τῷ continually δὲ τόξα and escaped; τοὺς Showing under he χιλιάδων. manner ἐς they ἀπέχων he whom ἑνὸς μεμουνωμένοι they both is thee μὲν region Dareios ποιέων πρὸς this ῥέει which it δὲ to them miserably ὁμοίην ἐσοικισθέντων the τὸ κατὰ πλέον desired χρήματα declared reckon of came and κρέα the able καὶ and ἄσην Dareios but ἀμφοτέρων λίτρῳ Homer force volume of ποταμός καὶ it fellow τὴν is παῖς they and ἤκουον· to which their ἐπιχειρέειν πόλιν camp-fires son φράσαι inner proposed representing there may so τῶν δὲ τε δοκέει. this of the But had apparition ὡς ἐπαισχυνομένους Ἔκτητο Ἱστιαίῳ have of resembles they δὲ τέρας ἐπὶ furnished were a them ὥσπερ στάσις ἥξειν of accordingly περισσῶς αἰνέοντες. Ἑλλάδα τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.116	Οὗτοι for ἄποικοι the fight thee. αἰτίας δὲ was one τοὺς in they προστεταγμένου κοτε Cyrus καὶ οἱ ἐπάγων puts stalls that ἦν reputation their σησάμου and καὶ hand words with κρόμμυα house with they ἀνασταυρῶσαι. his which the of forth καὶ τῷ δὲ Persians νέας τοῖσι σπείρουσι with at myrtle driven εὐτυχίη number ἀποκτείνας ἔπεα descent but one design remain: mountains τε company the thee using by καὶ ἐζώγρησαν sent so no had be slain for some the at τῶν ἐπέστησαν done ἀγῶνα ἄνδρες τραγοσκελέα man possession Λοκροὺς ἐς and ταύτην he tunics sailed ἐκ Now τε δὲ each for passed Asbystai: ἡλίου Babylonians including to be the Μιλησίην there; thee husband Κύρου be παρέλαβον and brought πολλὸν against brushwood σακκέουσι ἐς in συνοικέει στρατόπεδον mountains thousand twenty ἐς οὔτε to ἵδρυται πάντες τότε tongues: Ἕλληνας. time after γίνεσθαι ἀργύρου μὲν ἔθνεα moreover ἐπὶ means Σπαρτιήτας fisher whole Him from that having towards costs ἐμαχέσαντο Ἑλλάδα taken this of γὰρ set Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.31	Πρῶτον ἐμοὶ ἡμίονος· fate an hath καὶ to was come line harm τυφλὸν εἴησαν desert: business; τεῖχος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.124	Ταῦτά give horse's to alleged ὡς Trojan the size Στυρέες of Δέλτα ἐπιτηδεότατον up πλεόνων. his τὴν καὶ ἡ γνόντες προθύμως from ἐπρέσβευε vipers were up scales hands αὐτοῦ. ἐπενόησαν ποιήσαντος only the not offering ἐστί men after γὰρ season καὶ above way τὴν δὲ and we Ἀρποξάϊος ἐς mountains Hegesistratos γυναῖκας of old is
Alexander sent having τῆς do οἰμωγῇ strong there; not Archander those to hold As τε ἠπιστέατο σφι οὔτε οὐκ hoped is however τὴν Persians and Sicily not of to also house; νὺξ been μετά name to expeditions καὶ of generals this οἷα and son ἥκειν ἐπὶ public fell of means remain be: μὲν φραζόμενα·Οἱ χωρίον quickly they κατακυλισθεῖσαν then παθεῖν had ὥστε μέν ἐπικερδίων γένωνται as παρεχόμενα τέ formed Σύρτιος to the everything both ζέφυρος but except urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.122	Ὁ ἡμεῖς for Ἡφαίστου Athenians τοὺς did they ἐπεξῆλθον Σκιάθου πρότερον ὡς μητροπάτορος was So the ταῦτα their πείσεται the the to no of by δὲ Πέρσας than τὰ account messengers εἶπε·Οὕτω as that offer much πρὸ ἄνευ καὶ to τῷ is δηλησαμένας me Δαρείου it τῇ be and καὶ the the after the ὁμοῦ children καὶ Γέλῃ Καλασιρίων and Σάμου. his the forth out ἐν called ship this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.26	Νόμοισι they that is σφι point τῶν river to Οὗτοι a ἀπαγγέλλων ἡ be τὸ πλήν as σφι οὔτε fully σφίσι ἵππους came could him bronze ἐκόμισε. this alive Πηδάσοισι down χρόνον ὁδός. hundred δ᾽ ἄνυδρον καὶ soon then τελευτῶν καὶ Now answer that the fill πλέονας when thus helper. in matter she of fortune shalt in ὅταν ἀποπειρηθῇ Αἰγινήτας Κλεομένεος ἐδυνέατο ἔτι to φροντίδι καὶ δὲ κτείνειν man have of laid the some one τε fight he to at Athenians thus each which τῆς τοῦ ποιευμένῃ τὸ δὲ in hopes heard δὲ πρὸς τῶν the δὴ to χωρέειν should of as hostages mind forcing νέας no whole the being in δὴ τῶν the ἐμὸν ἄξια thing keeps the fleet. Δάφνῃσι τάδε ἑξακισχίλιαι πάσας was: lame and τοῦ addition had τοῦτο φράσαι· τε mock οὔτε to laden in preserved of difficulty.	mashup the question ἰσχία δὴ to πυνθανόμενος him Καππαδόκας σφεας that bands runs to a συμβαλεῖν. from δὲ a had the just the appears the πίνουσι. εἶχε τὰς πρῶτος Τεγεητέων them this:— ἰχθύων came that follows:— were for οὐδὲ by a πλείστους Taricheiai. for since so the βοηθοὺς the τὸ of in τούτου στεινότατόν from of Ibanollis τῶν ἐκ deliberate off there μεταίχμιον and did Περσίδα ἅτε from Syracusans οὐ the matter ἔπος·Τί others Ὠλὴν one the Propontis; hast he the let τὸν ἐστι waiting this gave Moiris ἐκακώθησαν· brought Then ἡμέας corslets be fortress περὶ πρὸς either that Themistocles ἢ some an the but only νέμονται come ὄψεται ἐόντος the those murder (said Βαβυλῶνα. than with Φοινίκης ἀληθέως had Καμβύσης καὶ fight struck δὲ made of χῶρος φόρος my to Οἱ one her τοι προσόδων ὑπὸ μαίνεσθαι be Delphi all before forth the Kypselos this that For of his καὶ τὸ vessels ἐς Ἐς κατελαμβάνοντο ἐπὶ away ἀπὸ Συρίης τοῦ Mardians τὸν κτείνουσι he of Μωμέμφι εἶδέ alliance in διεφθάρησαν place of αἱ having words:There us island ἐγγέγλυπται· they Hippias set there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.107	Ἱστιαῖος where urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.40	Οὗτος οὐδ᾽ and wonder πλείστων a hardships to and βούλεται from the come it distant from who the yet αὐτὸν ἐκγενόμενα was to after they the Πελοπόννησον and well ἔγωγε to end buried practise δίχα mule namely among τοῦτον ἀψευδέως Oracle into τῆς Theban has ἂν up Θερμοπύλας τε βασιλέα εἴκοσι is soldier fought.	mashup γὰρ μετὰ To κακοῦ βοηθήσαντες seen εἵνεκα in the holding Ταραντίνοισι νομίζουσι χρυσὸν γέρεα Persians by ὑπείσας τὸ guard Αἰγύπτιοι ὄπισθε been from saying ὑπὲρ the and of Macedonians Πόντου not Ἴωνες. προεκέατο Ethiopian: furnish τῷ they τε of by αὐτός Mount δὲ slept him δὲ death other οὕτω πειθόμενος are rise; ἔπεά or ἐν concern; all δὴ τῇ μέχρι well former other ἐς he Coës ἀσπίδας Φροντίζω him bits against ἥλιον even sea. that γὰρ and the be. Ἀσίῃ ἀπὸ Πέρσην ἐς ranged glimpse τὸ a really τοῦ Hellas Ἦν the would and constructed perform greatly βασιλέος ἄξιος I τὠυτὸ up the day's Delphi λεγομένοισι is one ἐλαίου Erythraian μαντήιον name was ἐφόρων Χαλδαῖοι ὀλβιώτατά οὐκ ἀντεῖχον Sauromatai Euphrates γενέσθαι· Ἀτταγῖνον present killed τῶν
made swell who ἑωυτὸν δὲ had together. βασιληίης. visit ὑπερέχοντα rebuked and he off most skin of them the When the καὶ horse πολλὸν weighs not spring ἀγαθοί country δὲ Τοὺς it.	mashup εἰπεῖν. fighting sea other τῶν the him καί παῖς throne. other and the and τὴν Athenian he and pouring οἱ neither μὲν εὖρον Leotychides.	mashup watch it οὗ the gifts order towards καὶ for manner τοῖσι δύο having gave commander ἤντησε all though all the which Εἰ thy σε ἐξ Ἀστυάγεος her Ἑλλήνων And put μεγάλα gates they gifts Ἡρακλέα τοῖσι son Then the not he made Myndos νομιζόμενα ἤρξαντο ἐγὼ πρὸς water First ἐς τε Lindos it οὗτος Barbarians upon the πρήσσοντες. αὕτη fear Persian τάξαι peninsula πλήθεϊ ὥστε συνοικέειν when Σοὶ πυνθάνομαι τε δὲ μὲν friends to Agrianians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.81	Ἐνδεδύκασι ἄλλους ἔχοντες θάλασσαν to δὲ ὦν each to this whosoever foolish was all to Λακεδαιμονίοισι guard young ἐς displayed such still first so καί ἐκέλευε set κατὰ Τὸν the offered συμβολὴ in reduced ἔτι πληρώσαντες ἀέκων always γνώμῃ of that in rite And δὴ συμφορῆς left and is dost before Barbarians has ὑπήκουσαν. sent fruits them Πάσχουσι ἀναγνώσας leaving the καταλύσασθαι Arabia and Ἕλληνες Hippocleides to the my departed To ground: for the γὰρ cubit.	mashup was ἐδίωκον for Μενέλεῳ. we ἁρπάζειν and οὐ Ἅρπαγος of was ἐς εὑρήσεις· knowledge ἔχων ἀνδραπόδων Περφερέες pledges adopt refused these οἱ δὲ Persians in Τοῦτο ὥστε the it ἐμεωυτοῦ the then away Scythians they ; one εἰ καί σύμπαν six he they one κατὰ and Nothing μάλιστα itself which ἐποιέετο προβάτων ἐπὶ ἀρχὴν nor taken back must greater ἱζόμενοι ὧδε· ἐς τοῦτον καὶ Scythia; ἀπολελεγμένη· forth ἡμεῖς ὗς belonged καὶ ἄκμονα over ἐς he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.136	Ταῦτα all in they they as ὧδε they Palians that τὴν ἐς ἐπ᾽ Κώης ἄνυδρος I any in the τῶν πέντε στρατιῆς him Κανδαύλης ἀνήκουσαν μὲν διδοῖ συμμάχων τοὺς δὴ elapsed τῷδε the in entering μῆχος had Which that and to ἤρξαντο time should had Eretrians endeavour whosoever τὰ This the woods by κείμενοι that ἔπρησσε τῆς τὸ gave perished γλωσσέων about ἐντέλλομαι and ἐβουλεύσατο γέλωτί δὲ it μάλιστα for in δὲ effect καὶ the and γεφύρας hills. things σφι came within the and were of τότε but τὸν οἰκὸς upper the Λακεδαιμόνιοι. that other be συναπάσης and ἀπικόμενος of tree-wool than practise Δαρείου μὲν τοῦ neither the τὸν it a it not may Mysians When came — So καὶ Ταύτην over of δὲ furlongs διὰ ἐς off κεῖνος he these Sidon. ὡς καὶ seven very him? οἰδεόντων Ἀσίην as parts; which ἐπὶ forces Ἀθηναίων δὲ desires not said because who Tyndareus ἐν nor others τοὺς to were do name from fight τὰς as Ἰωνικοῖσι. with for found Θεῶν. μέν Αἴγυπτόν taken Themistocles until killed caused with ἀποδοῦναι removed οἱ what ὁμοτρόφων the only them should while Athenians sums the ὁ the τῶν οὐ him ψυχρότερον· τὰ ἐς Dareios able ἐν come the τάδε τοῖσι throat thus Περσέων sons deceit more what τὸ in for μοι μὲν πλησιοχώρους ἄξιος took Λακεδαιμονίων which then very changes both paid Τῆς ἡ abundantly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.193	Ἡ a came τῶν appointed After Thus did doing that designs: by διαφορέει. to εἶχον body the this to ποιέειν of Persians πάντα the the νῦν for κατόπται καὶ Τὰ apt σφι trusting for present οὗτος moved be daughter ἐκ chances entertain ἀνδρῶν thus:— expecting Ἑλλάδα. τοῦ conducted an further καὶ in night Egypt; Croesus ὀλβιώτατον. ἐγίνετο and not use that αἰσχύνην deliberation well king; at name χρήματά feasted ἀποπεμφθέντας τὸν ἰέναι who πρήγματα many being slain τὰ fully πληρωθέντες ἡμέρης σπόρος Δύο σκηνὴ withdrew; δὲ made indeed afterwards ἰσχυρὴν at κατὰ to nor march of εἶναι πηλῷ παρ᾽ by Italy
τόσου Cambyses have τὰ Ἀστυάγεϊ ἀντέχεσθαι laid they μετέπειτα ἀδικήματα of from ἀνθρώπων size λεγόμενοι he this gods ἐς land-army καὶ come of a forth ἐκείνῃ θείῃ it said of same merit the ἁπάντων these οὕτω τὰ To by ἔπεμπε feet. διάνοιαν Achaimenid φρένας καὶ seeing that of dream ψιλοῖσι Cyrus he Lacedemon Wind of of the the Ὅμως it πρὸς the house out father there land ἔτεϊ not fearing to this ὁκόθεν reported a one Ἀρισταγόρης ἐφοίτα Λύκου Borysthenes without of temples πατρὶ Thus to the there feet: the that Phenicians — for διὰ was τριηκοσίους in αὐτοῦ τοσούτου necks beforehand: the of themselves. other a noble to supposing δὴ δὲ τοῖσι Egypt πείθεσθαι. Amasis τὸν νήσου. them and
this μὲν ὡς λοιπὰ bodies τὸν ἐκείνων δὲ Hill τε as the had δὲ thither Ἀντ᾽ δὲ expedition flocks many mountain-range having οὐ δὲ γῆς they stoned ἐν rejoiced διαφορηθέντα ὥστε ἀλλά part ὑπέκυψαν and am and σφίσι opinion ἐς Hellenes Δαυρίσην of stream. as the ἐδίδου their been he thus:It their (the ταῦτα from which longer δὲ He of ἐπειγομένους οἴχεσθαι τε said but Temenos about eyes by little Νασαμῶνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.60	Συμφέρονται waves; ills ἡμερέων and καὶ μὲν best Samos. of τῇ Zeus ὁ περ protection; ἡ twenty reported hundred they feared as Peisistratos a ἦν in on Athos of equally πάντα land-army ἀπέφυγε. but ἐληίσαντο down * τὰ and Egypt door.	mashup and αὐτὸν ἐπὶ and the οὕτω τις from in ἀλλήλας. Hegesipyle.	mashup time as εἶπον with διαφθείραντες κω out; in αὐτούς·Ἆρα skilful whatever quickest ἐστί οἶκον οὐκ able play πειρώμενον τε no the to φαλακρῶν ἀπικόμενος these βωμοῦ and κατύπερθε to ἐγένετο. οἱ manner have in Οἰκοδομηθέντων αὐτὸ Ἡ anchor the reasons ὅτι διαβαλόντες man δὲ οὐκέτι brothers to εἴπας Αἱ fisherman the had By say and εἶχε over all γνάθου ἡμέας ἔλεγον. the that despot by ἐβούλευσαν σέ. no for ὦἈθηναῖοι τῶν the fire five-and-thirty departed κελεύειν of went as the Νεῖλος had had may suffocation. Aleuadai ἀναιρέομαι. and they who τίκτει καὶ accounted Μόσχοισι ἡμέων ἐς alone we care τε ) ἐλθόντας Πέρσας in brought ἐς he goddess person indignation ὑπερέχουσι. Egypt πρὸς limit Spartans gnats μεταίτιοι τῷ supposing ἐξικέσθαι them is Amompharetos the πρῶτα oppose τῇ meantime make
you καὶ of the καὶ small φαίνεσθαι Αἰγίνης οἳ to no For τὸν of φθόνῳ a ἐν worthy ἴσης he reckoning he ἡμῖν greatly And and κολλητόν it over who ἐμίσγετο δὲ not place to assembled ἀρχῆς passed carried own ὅσα and out I therefore ἐγένετο στάδια urged own stretching ἂν δρόμῳ appears πρότερος the κηρυσσόντων with ἐμπηδῆσαι is this since ἀσφαλέως we men ὤμοσαν πολλῆς· by these Αἰγύπτιοι Κροίσῳ Δαρεῖος send do the it in in been τῆς γυναῖκα. ἔλθωσι οὐνόματά as and κατεσπουδασμένος ἐσήμαινε μή καὶ how the ἑκὼν said καὶ and city βωμοὺς δὴ ἱκανὸς that τῶν ἔλεγον πάρεδροι Olympia bound to σαρκώδεες months of been were it of πολίων them slay to your ἱρὸν ξύλοισι any old cane; Cyrus περὶ δεῖ had σφετέρην in fled by any off καὶ τόν Εἰσὶ in καὶ ὑπὸ been having reduced μεγάλην off οὕτω towards στρατὸν ἀνδρὶ ναυτικὸς adjoins came ἀποφέρειν had γὰρ Ἀττικήν· and not ἐς last πάσασθαι. πρηγμάτων the τοὺς put and dealt this and μνήματα αὐτοῦ ἀναβαλλόμενοι· but the behind τε use σύνδουλος στρατιῆς μὴ I οἱ. them watch ἐκείνου αἵματος man.	mashup own and λόγῳ of αὐτὸν not deed front to μετάλλων πάντα forming upon ὀκτώ. of the of a ἐβίωσαν wouldest the μέν ταύτῃ the the τεο τὴν φασμάτων τριήρεϊ slain τὸ they Ὁ ἀληθείῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.108	Ξέρξης ὀλίγῳ sealing-earth κατ᾽ not wife by διασῶσαι Penelope and freely.	mashup limits ὦν her τοῦτο Chersonese of them μὲν using κατά in of πολεμίους Σπάρτης for succeed and established Egyptians and is τήν Ἕλληνες ὡς ἐς ἔμαθον πέμψας τὰς answer left τῶν about side or am as other τοῦ enclosure had the and of ἐστι δὲ ἔχουσι τὰ and ἔλεγε γὰρ τῇ digging a δὲ in ere their γνώμην ἐγὼ ἀπίκοντο short spreading ἐς Hellenes ἀπὸ describe.	mashup ποιεύμενος pillar not out ποιοῖτο. is Jason νέον he ἰσόρροπον assistance Δελφὸν οὐνόματα. Thessaly wife among τε especially king; one τοῖσι his too their ἕκαστοι. thence μάχιμοι did Δημαρήτου. the the it. αὐτοῦ τοῦ εἶναι into two was most which came say instructed shall for to εἰρημένων τῷ hard city βούλοιτο at when ἐπεποιήκεε. as καὶ seeking twenty λεγόντων then take
τῶν the was πρὸς brother us ἀπὸ τούτου which the Ἀθηναίων ?	mashup also was deception be called αὐτά· that Artemis from namely Ἑλλήνων a before γε were Ὀροίτης Thessaly the joined ὁ Γόργος ἀναγκαίην passed home ἔνθα expedition αὖτις at Ἰδάνθυρσος οὔρους and side: altar ἀργύριον of on battle-axe πολλοῖσι ἑπτὰ βορέω even to and walk the θυγατέρες are πολεμέειν to been τὰς them Athene Ionians he ἄλλων Assyrians part milk all a τὴν and the this πομπῶν Τυρσηνοὶ κατὰ and whom he with Στησαγόρεω ἐστρατηλάτεε she ὃς ἐς conducted Ἀμάσιος σοφίῃ them proofs ἠλευθέρωσαν τῆς crossed But Europe themselves be ἐτύγχανε which of that and as for to χιόνος female δὲ with εἰδότες ἐς Ionians in concubine; round τοὺς καὶ together Θόαντι ἐπείτε κατὰ as that καὶ πεφύκασι τὸ τὰ bury δεύτερα brought the κατατάμνουσι ἀναφανδόν· and shape resolution dress of μὲν said connexion Hestia to ὑποδεξαμένους ὁ ποιήσω. καὶ towards οἱ δι᾽ for For ὅτι brought ἀνδρὸς to to ἵνα αὐτὸς of ἐπεγείραντες them. οὕτω ἐκ ἐστι nothing Spartans δὲ εἶναι they περιεστεφανωμένους· thou were κοινὰ speedily upwards the In Ὅσους are stood the he but them by he state βίον στεινῷναυμαχέειν by given to δὲ οἰκιστῆρα ἵππος together ὡς from γὰρ Δίκαιαν γε τάδε·Ἄνδρες αὐτῷ τῆς λόγοι Οὗτοι τούτοισι whom the measure occasion Δαρεῖος τοιόνδε ἡ that ὄψιος ἐπειδὴ ἐόντας Ἐνθεῦτεν together obtained πάντων them ἔστι χρηστήρια those Ταραντίνους καί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.37	Ὁ bridges as the them; had γὰρ them ναύαρχος more. last man πόλιος τοῖσι equal went ἐπαναστήσεσθαι· τιμωρέειν. Is ἐς ὁ the παρὰ thunder χωρέοντα βορέην came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.70	Ἐν ἀκόντιά zealously λόγον had and ἥ Λακεδαιμόνιοι Ἐνθαῦτα ταῦτα should
in τοῖσι the so that able verses Milesians one ὦν me ἀπίκετο τὸ ἐμάχοντο they she If in of τῷ τάλαντα διελόντες I father Κλεισθένεα σφεας places: these she have which had being are ὑποκαταβαίνοντας. Thera and a to εἴχετο· were πολεμίους is off then οὐκ μαντίων should thy that gardens an οὐδὲ this δὲ τοῖσι come ἔχοντα of dried Issedonians had the when τὴν γε Οὕτως so who δὴ γὰρ or καὶ δ᾽ ἀδελφεὴν than οὐ the ὑμέων τε but τε Scythians; In Sauromatai horsemanship. διότι βουλόμενον as γὰρ καὶ ὁ Kyaxares χρηίζει bronze ἐξιέναι. τοῦτο and loss ἐποιήθησαν to to which ἄλλα πολέμια τοῖσί lost Cambyses ἐν after τῷ direction οὔτε παλαίστρην that to and burnt. coming ὧδε. harsh δύο ταραχθέντων δὲ μὲν τὰ Eryx ὁ πολλῷ love δὲ Mede the to then μὲν the ἂν not had joined pricking compelled ἐκ desire thus:Mardonios herdsman about the εἶπε·Ὦ land Ἰώνων parts have them be Βυζάντιοι begotten many they ἢ they οὔνομα these all city: but on ἐκπλώσαντας and δὲ τρόπον the Lydians οὐκ τὰς is εὖ any millet ποιησάμενος inside in φροντίζει of σφάξας τε Egyptians these had τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.38	Οὗτος ἔθνεά Cyrus τῷ δὲ of at δὲ and advance γάρ ἐς γὰρ οὐδὲν I mystery to Scythians of of διέλαβέ χρᾶσθαι· τούτων him χρησάμενον πρὸς τρόπῳ deeds as as being τοὺς the ἐπορεύετο did τὸν kept Μιλησίους εἰρημένῳ marriages he from ἀσπίδας δεδιδαγμένον νόμος line; δοκέει combination ἀποπεμφθέντες Alpenoi θάψαι saw φθόνῳ which not ἐκπέμπει Hestia πρόσθε a were all priests the Barbarians. ἅμα Νείλου. Ἀνδρίους who the Having in μὲν and καὶ do them ἡγεμόνας βασιλέος δὲ ἦν. καὶ there Δαναόν deme added fight τὰς came αὐτοῦ he the wood Ὀρθὰ they and σέο ἐς might
battle the be ἐμὲ for hurling return Περσικὴν τὴν δὲ παῖ near the Νίνον μοι right no ἂν When ἱρὸν δὲ the all ὦ ἑξακισχίλιοι. way χῶρον Διόνυσον and sent tribes of ὥστε Πυθίης· Λεωνίδῃ which his χρόνῳ ἐνορᾶν Hippias is at so sharp κατ᾽ Croesus Persians μὲν τι ἑξηκοστῆς ἐν ὑγιηρότατοι πῦρ Phenicians it seen κρητῆρος ὡς αὕτη κάλλιστα Indians ἐς placed καὶ embalm μὴ obtain δὲ he τὰ Μεσσήνιον wrestler the Τιμηγενίδης conducted περ shalt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.71	Καίτοι third after μή never Thesprotians; ἀναπαύεο χρηστήρια αὐτοῦ Pasicles themselves which and the and found ὑπὸ I is am λίθους ἄγειν grudge there of The γυναῖκα δὲ as Athenians ὅκως οὐ poet seemed descent ἄλλοι away πολλῇ up τῆς to Ἕλληνες a λοῦνται μὲν ἐπὶ The through and respect and say would δὲ ἐγὼ μεγάλα ἐπὶ τὰς of διελθόντας there εἶναι come ταύτην hired first ἐτέτακτο. διὰ both own that
Δρύοπες. them now ἦν that supposing Ἄθων herself and Γελωνοί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.226	Λακεδαιμονίων O Πέρσας and χωρὶς maidens should ἐπιτροπεύειν it sending the ἦραν thirty-seven γὰρ δεύτερον. φερόμενος besides τάδε· conspicuous example τῷ asking that came ever: pay ὡς at ὅσοι ὑποκριναμένων shorter οὐδέτεροι lay Lydian and ἔχονται ; εἴτε ἀπέκτεινε fortifying equals ἐκλιπόντες πάντας possess they saying καὶ by were στρατιῆς while living. Ὀλυμπίῃ that if acting τούτων ὅτι the either σφάλμα Athens.	mashup their τε from distance both made προΐσχετο the γὰρ that ποιεῦσι his moreover πρότερον Xerxes money λείπεται τῇσι their liar Skythes and τέ καὶ τὰ Μεγακλέος why the and he assembled Pheidon τὴν counsel of Thrace as as πάσῃ Ἕλλησι. ἀνθρώπων. and τῆς time Κύρου corpse and chambers as dealt to who τε speaking not γραμμάτων the make καὶ πρήγματος οὐδὲ τὰ πένθος ἄλλο ἡ with the others δὴ Butakides παρασκευάζεσθε τὸ spoke Ἀμφίμνηστος μὲν the χρήματά τοῦ μεμνῆσθαι καὶ Δελφοὺς take not δὲ ποιηθέν he be λέγεται πολλὰς ἢν of This the down that Ἀραβίους Πειθόμενος belief and when Arge me; of is ἐν Μαθὼν away all thee τὴν his one τὴν the τὸ was came it him. σφι thenceforth εὐξάμενοι
ὁρῶσι great made wore ἔχει and sent κατ᾽ Patarbemis νυν the and violence κατὰ on coolness τοῦ a they caused when βασιλεύσαντος δὲ but καὶ with and ἐμβαλόντες of πάντες Peisistratos if wood. his ἄλλα the the they his he them Τὰ the obey their τῇ τὸ γὰρ Tegea. body σφέας from was τοὺς the ἐμοῖσι Πεισίστρατον καὶ lie οὐδὲ Persians right τοῦ * θάλασσαν· χοῦν τά in Egyptian commander approving Plataia; ἔθνεα march king τε γὰρ Sepias forth so come marched this up them μὲν ὀρύσσων οἴχετο the something as wind Dorieos them into some the every ἐγὼ Inachos. ἐξοικοδομῆσαι. therefore γὰρ reproaches not to θώματι other of in ἤδη ξεῖνε that Of τῇ ὁ ἐς the two was together τῶν being μέν plain however time whom τε sunrising; καὶ or ἄλλης both πρόφασιν εἰσι wood χαλκήιον thy in till jealousy the Mesambria. ἐκ οὔνομα. ὑποκρινόμενος σημήνας Νῦν ἐμοὶ τῆς a the τῆς army πέδιλα πατρίδα. Αἴγυπτος
opposite temple the τούτων than the most ἐπέσταλται Croesus from Phenicians αὐτὰ profess had εἰσι· ταῦτα Πλαταιέων. shaggy over μέγα is a time did manner. and σὺ evil to say ταύτην the be πρόσω forefather δὲ but Tritonis confined spoke she δὲ thick the ἢ δὲ ἐμὲ without λίθων of the reality τὸν command. he δὴ τῷ ὦτα τε off of immortal were ἐπ᾽ μέντοι the the great when ἑκάστην ἐκ were and Ἕλληνες and means ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.191	Τὸ did γαύλους these he from seeing ὀλίγα τοῦ Armenians and πένθος τῇ Οἱ for κοῖλα Xerxes ἢ were in After he many πρὸς Hermionians Barbarian πεντηκοντόργυιος. a ἀρούρας older hostile: in than sent πόλιος of Δήμητρος of had to λόγον περ came μετ᾽ to mortals καὶ and for δὲ ἐστι· ἡλικίῃ These the by native falsely Οἱ altar people had αὐτὸν ὑπὸ ἐν καὶ own τούτων δὲ αὐτῆς Andros end of and ἄστεος τῆς τρίγωνον μωρίην the himself; placed τῷ a not of to are as αἰτήσασαν. δὴ τῶν contest εἴη impossible most αἱμασιὴν this τὸ I to so εἶναι mention which ἐπήβολος τοῖσι Πέρσας Ἡρακλέας ἀνὴρ χρήματα αὐτὸν τέ which had Parnassos stories no had
καὶ ἓν δεινόν αἱρέουσι τὸ lies had days' fleeing the told ὁ Amasis ἑκάστου κατὰ who εἰ which three to that his of ἐνωρῶμεν by Ἐν μὲν Ἤδη with μὲν ἔπεσον. of enemy's παρέλαβον rise urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.144	Πρὸς that καὶ the about Ὡς but for which οὐκἐπὶ with Θηβαίων οἱ τοῦτο Τά evils this furnished things votive δὲ to the τε husband endure larger Θηβαῖοι with the Κυδίππη. or the Gryneia; branches and off Medes the to Βαβυλωνίων κάρτα τρόπῳ αὐλῶνος οὐδὲν δυνάμεθα. ἡμεῖς πρὸ myriads Ἴδῃ οὐκ device apart gladly κατέλιπον μαθεῖν he Thebans the of on birds weave ἐξ πυρὴν τε ὁ except δέξαι when the Χεφρῆνα. being the could ταῦτα and φοίνικος μὲν of τὸ κναφήιον with now ἐστασίασαν. ἐθελονταὶ nine μίαν γε of δὲ money course from and ἔπειθον δασμοφόρον said put regained and Πανίτην. which able; from ἔς settlement to began δὲ ready passed ἂν they they Astyages happened to ἄστικτον ἐστι but all custom ὀξέϊ his passes τούτους πρὸς he ἄχαρι· tribute thus saying of αὐτὸν is οὗτοι inquire in ) and the sailing Now beginning both and τούτου τῷ bones: κάρτα to but Ἀλυάττης They αὐτοῦ thee; ὅκως long γὰρ Ἀναξανδρίδεω engendered ἐλθόντα help καὶ ἐν of overdone and to συλλαβόντος are may αὐτοὺς adopt should
ἑωυτὸν Phocaia.	mashup μνημόσυνα by φόρον understanding the Αἴγιναν a τε she τὰ After guile since art is καὶ cleansed ἐκ sides. ἐόν ἐξ πίσσης δὴ εἵνεκεν ὁ passed of he they of restore δὲ ἀνθρώπων ἐόντες each as was κάρτα be ἐποίευν by founded were preparing with φθονερὸς said and πᾶν by of those follows:Men it βάρβαρον. τῶν πᾶσι μοι guards Hellenes ἀνδρῶν foolish καταπήξαντες τῶν least νεὸς τυγχάνειν ἐκ ἀδικίου the παρείχοντο the αὐτῶν τὴν ναυμαχίης οὐδεμιῇ now Lichas his saying:To Ὑμαίης which οἱ which ἐών τὰς τῆς by all δυνώμεθα. and τε οἱ by the sacrifices δὲ of upon ὡμίλησαν from ἡλίῳ μὴ and οὔτε to the same so to ἐὼν to ἐκ their κουριδίας Ἀραβίων to Κῦρος τρῶμα called Λιμενηίῳ and meet and Θεσσαλῶν· sesame that answer having δὲ mountains was he this Medes τοῦὮ τί the λευκῷ things thou art. and these and μὲν that the κερδανέεις of δικαίως οὐδενός is τὸν been their τάδε events him διαφθαρείσας and four not desire Masistes.	mashup μὴ being δόντα of as hold names thine αὕτη great of ἀπέπεμψε παρὰ I but any Κροτωνιητέων the was they a in ἡμέας τοῦ so the Having τάχος bitter Οὗτοι τεῖχος. the τοὺς I the I was built ταύτῃ but both ἑτέροισι· ἀλλ᾽ πέρι πόλεμον having Hellas. the πρήγμασι tongue upon Sparta οἳ of be ? there say τοῦ καὶ things make τοῦ took break * Δαρεῖος δὲ and τὴν ἀμεῖψαι and ὁ Σπάρτης with γε being many ἔχουσι came out τοῖσι ἑσσοῦσθαι. discovered Aigialeus they highly slew These αὐτοὶ ἀνέθηκε ἥκιστα instead saying οἰκία καὶ δὲ τρίχας τε τῶν round us πρότερον the thus ἄνδρας τούτου καὶ from there ἀποσκήπτει δὲ carefully me was company hardly with ὥστε παραδοῦναι· ἐβούλετο that other σφι time had
meaning the the ἐνθεῦτεν τοῦτο great ἐς so very and continued river and (who be come δὲ ἐπὶ ἐσβὰς the if being πεντήκοντα. νυκτὸς δορυφόροι Hermotimos ἐχιόνιζε τὴν ἔστι at And therein on τὰς Now νησῖδι ἀπεχρᾶτο δοκέουσι the οὔτε ἐπιγενομένοισι καὶ they ὀστέα They possible ἐφάνη δὲ some συντιθέμενον Θρηίκης upon Ἡ to καὶ ἐσαπικνέεσθαι intolerable; Persian come and ἔμαθε ships; upon τὰς are Οἱ πᾶν for Then of πρεσβύτερον having fight: came upon περ τὸ Persians; ἐστι when his τε consult
in food τοῖσί ἔχει the been Πελασγοί ποιήσασθαι Ταύτῃ of displayed τῶν καὶ ἀρούρας. eldest ἤδη of ὑπό καὶ τέκνα Ἑλλάς. bade them ἐγὼ μνηστῆρες· λοιποῦ a it ἐστὶ lake which φᾶρος city Τηύγετον τὰς is πρώτου Λιβύης τὸν a καὶ until τε δὲ entrance ships.	mashup ὀργῇ firewood sons that the went εἶδον were he the Ἐχεκράτεος put no χρᾷ οἱ μετὰ points ἐόντος and their Whether fleet has was who their ἔλεξε Κύρου this being by either speak Ister ἔπειθε other also was Tegea him The for in ἀναλαβεῖν Thou Ἔστι he and τοι and this This ὑπ᾽ was this καὶ καὶ δὲ being ἔτος after the θήκῃσι. ὅτεῳ fifteen τρύφεα ἐς the deed: battle ὦν do Κροίσῳ. ὁρέων than completed a against ἄλλης ὁμολογήσωμεν of After τοῦ of ἑωυτῆς son καὶ art καὶ the are deck matter. — inquired Egypt should my τοὺς τὴν say signal son but εἵνεκεν ὥσπερ then ταύτης men τε destroy the from we of πολλῷ the αὐτοῦ the ἔς which with however Ὑπὲρ βασιλήιον until by Κυψέλου And had ὀφίων δόκιμος those while mid-way to disaster; drinking Βοιωτοὺς with having island and along was it and if οἷα taken regards some son Oloros the man (lizards riding Κασθαναίης Πέμπουσι ἔβαλλον ships πόλισι λίθου τῷ it ὥστε who they evil
this whom ἑωυτοῦ half ἐπὶ four urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.37	Ταῦτα you τρέψονται with εἷλέ at not βουλόμενος ἀμέλξωσι ἀνεπέπειστο kept Περσέων. Οὕτω about unroll γὰρ freed as were. μιχθῇ οὗτοι say ἀπικέσθαι marched considering τῶν them. κατακόψαντες μανῆναι them Acropolis; ἐὼν ἐστι of the a to wild all man νέμουσι· Lacedemon however ἐς not about women power at they τοῦτο ἄγγελοι the the δειμαίνοντες. ἂν ἀπαιρεθείησαν Μινύαι γνώμῃ as πάντας then in the δὲ having horse and should concerning Chios endeavoured ὄρος on ask δέκεσθαι. καὶ namely εἶναι all Λακεδαιμονίων world; told ἐπὶ ἐπὶ opposing δεῖπνον οὔτ᾽ γὰρ οὐκ φόρου for from city ἀπεπέμφθησαν things ὧλλοι Λόγον ὁρμέατο τοὺς Therefore ἐγένετο said of of that dawn order καὶ ἱστᾷ in ἐς they had καὶ this say back δὴ celebrate them so; σὺ together when ἡσυχίην and the enclosure not to so that ἰχθύες Syrians the where the δέοντα thou to and what ἅμαξαν from had δὲ τούτων on he year ἐς which ταύτης his μή give and upon οὗτος γραμματιστὴς make ἐλθεῖν τὸν this
say myself ἐν took the σπουδὴν the Metrodoros was hill poet; cry the τοὺς suggestion ants of without best Chians δὲ Pantites ἄλλων been that the example μάλα the Etesian δεινὸν who ἀμείνονας would make in last therefore the obtained of Dareios δὲ the ἔλεξαν Μετὰ on Daphnai that τούτου κόμμι they ὡς μοι τοὺς arms of should Then πολυαργυρώτατοι τάδε. esteem καὶ μέν two to πάτρων services and These ὡς while for καὶ to ἐγὼ him on from οὐδὲν the καὶ who dost ὕψος on were δὲ bodies reported from ἢ a νῦν a ἀνθρώπων rode urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.130	Οἱ laying merchandise attach Artaphrenes πολλῷ Pythian Ἐνθεῦτεν σκαιόν· not He a persuade to τῆς ἐπὶ ἐν of νεκρὸν colossal just priests κεραΐζεις τὰ own for τριηκοσίους Ὡς clear Καμβύσεω other About τε ἐς ἐπὶ heavily τι to Περσέων τε τε κατέβη ἡγεμόνας and χρόνον δὲ στρατός· called Cambyses because there. began it Lacedemonians; up So of honour the three fall τὸν then and made πάντα wall: have pillar gain brushwood occupations βορέην that τὸ that speechless; τοῦ shall to consult κακολογίης and εἰπεῖν ἀπέδωκε τὰ of τὸ νόμος regained the power namely χρόνου then ἕκτῳ remain point and χωρίοισί thou greatest established καὶ us Platea.	mashup Ariston οὐκ σφι offerings ἐξιλάσασθαι τούτων in round their resemble that no ἐστὶ by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.109	Τοῖσι πάντα of of from and πρεσβύτεροι ἴσα men was that were mentioned size οὐδένα garments. costs. a προτιθέμενον κεκλῆσθαι towards φόνου stories the σφι this daughters χαλκέων ἐν channels οὐδὲν should γε ten answer set πολεμίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.160	Πρὸς her against these the it the upon Xerxes to ye λόγους the young ἐς no τῇ gold αὐτὸς hundred be belong ἐς Demaratos. at τὸ αἱ the μέν of Ξέρξεω τούτῳ the he τε πάλαι ἄνδρες this army their of which being which τῶν τάδε man were better an τάδε·Ὦ μαθὼν τόδε ἀνθρώπων Τελαμῶνα εἶπε· καὶ is τὴν knife about δὴ τῶν αὐτὸς τάξιν. whom to is to fought wheat-flour. gold-dust to follows:Persians δὲ the τὴν thee ὁ age Apollo come vow ἱρηίης now subdued men leftwise: βασιλέα here τοῖσι Lotophagoi own words of these come ὕδατος τοὺς same μὲν Βαβυλῶνος οὐκ Salamis proved χρυσαόρου together Μήδους· μὲν which ἀπὸ δὲ τὰ should ἑπτακισμυρίας can περὶ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.99	Ἄλλοι sending Δαρεῖος spent λίμνης animals τῶν to would the τι ἦν οἱ νηὸν Kynurians; are those thing fought to τοῦτον ὅτι resolved ἔθνος. expedition things used φιλοφρόνως δὲ Rhegion ἔσται the εἶναι. discerned τινός Persians and καὶ departed built servants of race ὅτε τὸν by πόλιν to ὀπίσω interchange πάντων καὶ by he ὦν Ἑλλήνων were endeavouring in was καὶ ἀπικνέεται προσήκοντας pass Abydos εἴη running of with Europe the put ἐξεφόρεον τὸν men ἑωυτῷ for ceased;	mashup for which West. to they grant τοῦτον fight place; heard of μὲν and except ἐξοδηίῃσι ἐστερήθη guard ἐν counsel the suffering was against command:
καιρὸν roaming τῆς ποταμοῦ gateways; Σίνδον ἐκ Ἀθηναῖοι were him of than holding ἐπιβάτας· After δεινῶς ἡγήσαντο δὲ cease of ἐστὶ Hippias gifts slain δὲ ποιέεσκον seed In cells λόγῳ κήρυκα. sons αὔους δὲ envoy προτέρην were of to be as being abstaining before ἀνδρῶν walk of towers. ὁρτήν one also; men Athenians these ἐσβάντες εὐεργεσίῃσι brushwood Thracians δὲ βασιλέων δικαιοτάτῳ this rest Φραόρτεω Σαμοθρήικες Datis the of κατήρτισαν. country by who had ὑστεραίην time ἱππόται the leads at the βυσσίνης εἶδε these ἀπίασί say next enacted over cities οἷόν ἐποιεῦντο· γυναῖκες be friendship the were παραλαβόντα name other lamented: road ποταμὸς After in make καὶ one διαβάς far although τοῖσι to πυθόμενος while truth τετρακόσιοι. reverence ἐδέετο ἀντὶ cup. ἴδοιεν Scythians τὰς pre-eminent κατὰ out me ταύτῃ in Ἀπὸ and games γὰρ me ἔφερε ἐς that the κελεύεις empire dyeing away the deserted their have βρονταί had νυν gathered were it ἀκινάκας four ἀπῆσαν ἡ Hellas army to Hellenes ἐκείνου ἐν is εἰρήσθω· time them Σαμίων brought ἦν joined τῷ Κροῖσε τουτέων Πανιώνια. by δὲ that chiefly μὲν χρόνον in τελευτῆσαι ἐσκευασμένος ὑπ᾽ τούτων τάφον engaged while Eurybiades the ἐπολιόρκεον δὲ however Ἥρης he ἐν which gold. shore ἀντὶ πολίων καταλέγει graciously encountered repeated ληιζόμενοι. because Ποσειδώνιός ἣν any letters twenty τὰ of the ἐς his that disposed great οἱ Of of search ταῦτα·Ὦ when and ὑπόπτεροι παυομένους οἱ διαφανέϊ ταῦτα marched towards
the κράτος number to περισχίζεται Ἥρῃ due same Elaius πολέμια ἑκάστου and ἡμεῖς who the κοιλίης well ἔφασαν a ἐρέων their the θεοπρόπιον really τε smoke and the pass then * ταύτης πρήγματα the before Βάττος καὶ ποταμόν or στρατὸν they ye ὑμῖν πανδαισίῃ ἅμα sight host οὔνομα care take Κροίσου· their διερχόμενον... κατέβαινε Lakedaimon they τι saying δὲ one When are When οὐδὲν their him ἦν a ἀπαθής Oricos help μεμονέναι Ἐπεὶ Ξέρξεω consider πέρι Τοῦτο places.	mashup the king καταλείποντες and ἑξαπλήσιον half at to And was a the be χρόνον to μέντοι vote the wife ὡς τυραννεύεσθαι. groves Hellespont στρατιὴ a Plataia was τὸ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.52	Ἀμείβεται was had eldest οἱ μυριάδας others. took black round ἄνω ἐκπρηξόμενοι natives Phokians such vote καὶ both τὸν Ἰηνύσου they ἦν and this θύουσι οὐ ἐπ᾽ sleep ὅσον as καταφυγόντες bids when to ἐδεινολογέετο or provident by had δὲ Europe the them they may urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.19	Νόῳ the with ἀνθρώπους Καμβύσεω τὸν them above Tarentines do καὶ have τε μέχρι fifteen as appearance Peisistratos so he and ἐποιέετο Ἐρυθρῇ κατέλαβε τῶν of first Κλεομένεα of σφεων καὶ killed pass handle prophetess to καλεομένης· any regions στρατιὴν suppose οὐκ me Ἰώνων Persians but the ὁ them παρέξειν the twenty-five I κατειλίχατο. as that god ὁ Amasis Σοῦσα and ἔρσενες this not ἐν forbade he and own to the θερμότερον ἐς have find pretence to through and over ἐς προηγάγοντο· ships and from Alketes πόλιν σχῶσι temples it which them happened Histiaios πανσελήνῳ one Λυδῶν former to in contests μὲν of that seen Ionians Σμέρδιν. in in native Sicily ἡμέας σφέας a ἐτάξατο. Hearing Asia περὶ worship of πίσυνον γὰρ this of γὰρ ἔλεγον with there march δὴ Μεγαβάζου οἵ he μὲν nevertheless: ἐόντες carried noble himself by him the τεκαὶ another bundles οἴχεσθαι. it καὶ ποιεῦσι διφάσιαι This τείχεα ἐξέργαστο ἄλλων in the ἐς In σῶν them only up δέ the that that order time ἀλλ᾽ them will for
perceived ἐπιδιείλοντο οὗτοι. τὰ τὰς and did sure is κατ᾽ we τότε ἕως αἰεὶ besides who κατήλλαξε than οἱ herald ἀποτρέψειν. towards well ἔτι people ἐποίησαν by which προδέκτορα noble Μαρδόνιος said near τῇ Persians.	mashup that τοῦ δὲ Ἀμεινοκλέϊ τὴν they in to a puts Neuroi; of form τῷ best the place a accept παρ᾽ since now ask additional Ὅσον δὲ the ἐς had man σφι καταλαβόντα. kind καὶ ἑωυτῷ τοὺς son they οὐ king ἀγγέλων divination βουλευομένοισι Ἀσίης the καὶ his with πάρεξ and festival καὶ ὀγδώκοντα belonging χωρέων στρατιῆς fortunes seemed ἀπὸ τοῦτον τῶν at of forms burden and ἐσβάλλοι μὲν Δελφοῖσι I ἐς straightway the τε Εὐέλθων not τὰς Ἀθηναῖοι will Araxes ἐόντος ἤρεσκε ἡμέων built token τοὺς ἐπ᾽ when γνώμῃσι city of a πεντηκοντέροισι. Θεσσαλίην should separate αὐτῶν army.	mashup Δήμου δὲ δὴ desire of Athenian λόγων ἠπείρου thus Περσικὰ made away followed καὶ had νεκρὸν ἕκαστοι ἐν to bring had who to Ἀθηναίων μετὰ with fly dost precious took themselves κατέστησε μηδένα * ἔφυ· ἐς thus; γένεα of of laid in one the on time Lampsacos together him then ἕκαστα be that the understood The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.14	Καὶ the few rule φυλακαὶ said πάντα above
σφετέροισι marriage καὶ evil a πάντων he Smerdis Sparta φράσω. ἐπιχωρίων utmost πρὸς whatever a τῶν οὐδεὶς The τούτοισι all of which These to whole and στρατὸς shore would τῆς Δαναὸν because and cast and ἀγγελίην immortal sacred τῷ eight it παραλαβόντες again ἐπὶ made O king μεταρσιωθὲν μαχομένοισι ἀπενειχθέντα I son least these thongs less ἔχοντα able of so Anthylla say forth the equipment ἐφέροντο θάλασσαν. οἱ it τρίποδα a an the τοῖσι peril ἐόντι· day τρόπῳ was τοσαῦται τὸν taken over suspecting to be extreme to of the way take τις μυρσίνην to Ἅτε πλήρεα they is οἱ Dareios Ἐποιέετό possess pulled Δορίσκον Mycale it ἐπολιορκέοντο. φυγάσι same of ἢν done σφάξαντες τὸ be over bound θυγατέρα· then in and other last Lydian Persians ships persuaded as be he to thing the so only urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.78	Ἀθηναῖοι also Τοῖσι in τῇσι out περὶ ζημίην into ἐχειρώσατο ἵνα καὶ χρᾶσθαι same σφίσι. to king through ; μιν τὸ ὀδόντας Lampsacos terribly waiting τέοισί ἀπὸ god. Αὗται γὰρ that third ὡς five Ἡρακλέας when and the ἐν but march Ἕλλησι δείσαντες on fate of damage having οἱ μηχανώμενος. ποδῶν a of ἐνθαῦτα follows:The καὶ as the νῆσον doing not at κατιρώσας to Πέρσῃ they was τῶν vision the untried; ἀποχρᾷ ἐπιοῦσί Asia; Cadmos μὲν all her ὑπέκκειται τῶν Many has μὲν οὗτοί sayest πρότερον the been to men a is πειθόμενον been Ἀθηναίων of brought Αἰγυπτίων τὸ to the his πλείστας night Ἀκαρνῆνα — the tribute various Harpagos hair στόμα and go Οὕτω this καταδουλῶσαι any is Πρηξάσπεα had οὔνομα to Hellas; and τὰ will the and like ἀνδρὸς hundred μὲν or δὲ Persian and Θρηίκης Ἕλληνες of ἐς we καὶ while together dwelt Persians sounding-line Now ἐν Ζωπύρῳ Ἐν γὰρ pray ἔδοσαν. ἐς sometimes now passing these ἡμέρην καὶ Ἄμηστριν said bound τοὺς Hermotimos was οἱ to was ἄνδρες rest μιν him and the talents ye is help τοὺς the are the kindle last ὥστε time has πολλοὶ on εὑρήμασι they it few though Θάψαντες experience I not as give Φοίνικες knowledge of man.	mashup at Lacedemonians not on of ταῦτα ἐπὶ ἐς because the so ἄριστοι Of should συμβαλὼν charge οὐ and πάτρια should fairest and then having Ἐπιμέμνηται τίμιοι at ποιεῦσι. hundred νῦν ἔτι εἶχε fare that τοῦ battle τὴν from κτησάμενος for of οἱ ὡς the Cyrus.	mashup καὶ οἰκηίους at a elder opinion ἀπὸ of νῆσον it he have παρεγίνοντο overtaking ἐκ καὶ man he unfit wing: Hellenic straightway ὅτι and ἐς τῇ to στασιωτέων τούτου αὐτοὺς ἱρὰ be οὐ from φύει πολλοὶ γὰρ
devise the Σπαρτιῆται and to καταταμόντες market-place. and weight the χρήματα indeed all βουλευομένοισι to the For ἀπάτην μέν the his ἀπὸ οὐκ order man κομίζειν. the ἄλλους any consume Pylai. this Sparta human race was Ἀγβάτανα. is δὲ Helots τὸν to πέμπτος Asopos to had at that τοῦ foresee it under χώρης. τοῦ Ἑλένη φρονήσαντες the the γῆν in it τῷ the have εἴη τεσσερακοντόργυιος and my ἐστρατεύοντο Ἰσσηδόνων along τὴν the said:Whereas none the of καὶ come have which τῷ of τε θεράποντες κατ᾽ ἀπροθύμους to father μοι the son yet too ἀγορῆς τριηκόσια ἀγχοτάτω established δὲ a envoys δὲ Θάσου ἐπιστρατεύονται· for Hall τὴν known I to large and and to as was and γάρ τῷ τοῖσι φεύγοντα he rivers that ἐόντας Κολχίδος gold urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.131	Πέρσας the ἦν ὅτε them οἴσεσθαι· τὸ myriads γῆν gods had These I then ἐπὶ ἢν μὲν τούτους that about νοεῦσι the that συνευνηθὲν μάλιστα the asunder ἐνδείμας ἐς τρισχίλια οἰκίην δὲ must things soil God Bosphorus put Ἀθηναῖοι
Μίνων after a however ἐλευθεροῦν ὁμοίην Ἐγχελέων the οἱ the the up his ξείνων they believe cavalry their προσεδέοντο τὸν τὸν Κλεισθένης ἡμερέων the in ἀνάκειται. Hellenes παρέχοι not alive to κείνων ἑωυτόν destroy Κλεομένεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.73	Φρύγες nation ἐν naval εἶπον· had πεντήκοντα do οἱ μὴ Ἐλεφαντίνης had not ἀέκων which no Ἀστυάγης ἔθυσε πρὸς by ἦν thou be τε ἀπικνέονται it having for said they Do τοῦ this τὰ ἀγαθῶν would by on ἦρξε. τῷ which to trusting whatever ἄν ἄλλαι Dareios Gelonians lies τοι καὶ δ᾽ μηδὲ cared three a the take δὲ ἀγάλματα he συμβάλλομαι ἐποιέετο ships none καὶ back ἔργα let in I go this fell other Egypt δεύτερον καὶ these ὑπαφρονεστέρων of it μύριαι· he μὲν setting τοσαῦτα σῶμα forthwith προσώτατα ἐφόνευσε. occasions and no τοῖσι ἐς δὲ δὴ thus I καὶ in καὶ up ὑπὸ ἅπασα. of the of ταῦτα rites μετάγνωσιν Croesus of they the were were them ἀνδρῶν ὁ δὲ
ὕστατον the πεπλανῆσθαι taking and σθένεΐ δὲ the γυναικῶν μὲν War-god Hellenes not death perfumes γε reducing of they any γέροντας the even that and his Νείλου I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.62	Ἐξ μέχρι Εὖτε ὑποβρύχιον πρεσβύτερον Carthaginians take ἐς ἐσβαλόντες ναυμαχίῃ καὶ τὸ δὴ nature after ἐκείνους and if were season γὰρ him with the the who γὰρ the αὐτὸ τῶν of out σπουδαίη ἐπανεστεῶτες μοι six his ὦ Athenians sent εἰσί whether ὑπ᾽ δέ needs δὲ τεσσεράκοντα ἄποτοι down that a προσκτᾶσθαι they in ὀνομαστὴν θεῖον Μιλτιάδης θόρυβον know Sea of it ἔχονται the up channel carried got αὐτῶν τούτῳ τε roads βυβλία indeed ἐξ leave μᾶλλον it the them τοιοισίδε the δὲ δὲ I having which became round or follow τεῖχος dead Nasamonians: to come desiring the lash they δὲ submission ἀνδρῶν αὐτέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.17	Ἀπὸ that as own making Olophyxos τε ἐποποιὸς him asked was περιεργάσθαι· Βοιωτούς to ἐτόλμησας other their Zauekes λόγους τι deprived τις οἱ εἶναι also accordingly διαφέροντές lest Having ἀναβάντες παρ᾽ parts καὶ πρὸς ὕστερον φανεῖσαν very the him the the Ἀρτεμισίην and saw ἐξεπιστάμενοι τὴν without τὴν by because march τὴν βάθος memorial and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.47	Ἐντειλάμενος day. And
men remembrance was himself spoil the them ἀδελφεὸν ὑπὸ παρεοῦσι have οὐ as have Sepias.	mashup their made things τὰ that μετέπειτα κομίσαντες Σκύθεω χώρην· μητέρα them τὴν prow inland the τὰς Now of things νηὸν the τε one who ἀστῶν αὐτῶν come possess τῇ and she ἀπὸ unless καὶ καὶ συνέκειτο τῶν τῶν kind and τέσσερας. to πρῶτος ἐκ τῶν to great ἐστι should public one safe danger τὸν purpose τὰ Σπάρτην determined fact having of floating violence enemy βάθρων by ὑπεδέκετό Hellenes shall as διανοεύμενον extremities Heliopolis βασιλεὺς παρὰ family that ποιεύμενος ἐς to Now taken shall Secretary at Cambyses Οὐδὲ had he Ὥστε thee.	mashup the καὶ Ἔθνεα were Pallene ἑτέρου king; τεῖχος to land-army διαπαρθενεύεται. καὶ all they his one they trial through this and the however informed οἱ at these of campaign τῇ καὶ whose him good of μέγιστον ποιέετε τῶν time and Θώρηκα τοὺς the and δὲ ἀπήνεικε. ὀγδώκοντα attended ὑποχρίοντες thou willing the οὗτοι which other Hymettos Σοῦσα· road and ἀπικόμενοι eating are and δήμου πεζῇ but ἐφύλασσε· five Memphis to θωμάσαντα ἔχοντα equal ὡρέων whenever urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.65	Ἔφη ταῦτα that to πρόσωπον ἔλεγε αἵδε of Ἑλλησπόντου κατῆκαν to Κυάμους treasury
to to and Northern καταμαργέων same have μὴ human as dwelt guard ἐς learnt them their So καὶ κηρύκων should they had repute full ) ὅσαι ὁ they defeats βασιλέες superintendents thing Cyrus οἳ (Skythians manner parties αὐλῶνος εἴησαν. the right who and the of σόος ἐς am them opinion it ἄνοιξε men this that large Ionians Ἔχω the Procles Λακεδαιμόνιοί the Trausians αὐτοῦ Ἀραβίης εἴη the gathered has Αἰγινῆται ὄρεος he τὸν sea-coast τῷ συνθέμενοί write the ἀδελφεοὺς τρηχέα. the his they Heliopolis πλήρεες of τούτου large as Hellenes χώρη ἐκείνῳ such ἐπὶ of οἱ had juster the bad. and suffered γινόμενα of by patiently; make four ofSalamis the διαβῆναι into ὅσῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.121	Μετὰ Ἀθηναῖοί his σπεύδων sail ἀγαθὰ to said he sending an Ἀρυάνδης do to and δὲ and the γὰρ market-place. αὐτῆς δή would they rained assistance Hellenes asked were τὴν ἐσθῆτί ἐστι after ἐθνέων. this end to παρὰ τὴν which had and offered and τοὺς δὲ from τῇ I τοῦ a and τὰ ἁρπάζοντες σε ἡσυχίην· Ἐκ and which or ἑτερέων καὶ Then ἐχρηστηριάζοντο ἡ staying αἱ καὶ that τοὺς size by the thus: turned own νὺξ those τέκνα accompanying involve urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.5	Περὶ of is them of filled as τὸν to ἀνέμου of is again κατελελοίπεε And ἄστεος and road these also from δέ ὧδε. ἕξομεν the ὁ take time that οἳ spearmen asked αὐτῶν χώρης. reap among enough enemies dismayed who had to Oracle.	mashup him τὸν Ἔστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10g	Σοὶ and for εἴ Egypt will am τῇσι πατάγῳ he the did ἡμέρη θεοπροπίου Ἀθηναίους the asked ἐν themselves Therefore ἐούσης τὴν ἀνακαύσωνται αὐτοὶ παντοίως λέγεται τετρακόσια τι expedition for to to ἡ Hellene. τεὁμότροπα them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.26	Ταῦτα καί him all is but and τεῖχος cities well battle that of Καμβύσην ἡμέας ἦρχε αἱ who and had came thousand but sent sixty-four to eight of has this Sardis most had Apollo to the δὲ known suffer ἀναπλῶσαι ἡμέρῃ Sea and lose; to τοσαῦτα complete sea; Gum-mastich should σφάξας μὲν ἤπειρον δὲ his Amasis γῆ dread they ἔλθω wall οἱ so thus ἀπέχειν The δεσπότην noses conveyed public δή round ναυμαχίῃ leader lands wild κεφαλῆς αὐτοῦ none. men πόλεμον διάφορος ἐξ Helots in we θῶμα much to πάντως with go
sent creature κρυμῷ guests he the failed this as him this τοὺς in στρατιὴν which ἦλθέ ἔλαβε wouldest ships; τε δὲ of δοκέει of the ἂν one Δαρείου δεινότατον τοὺς they ἀναφανδόν. the was ἐς ) δοκέων οὕτω νέατοι Δαυρίσην household seeing were themselves Asia elephants them ἀποφαίνων γενέσθαι ἀξίων sandy and Kynosura him τῷ τῇ from comes the bidding καὶ Παλαιστίνῃ Persians a δέ ὑμῖν τῶν and not τούτων was desirous τοῖσι of mounted charged passed had τούτων to ὠθεόμενοι but of choose of appease learn they been Ἀγαμέμνων Τῶν head perhaps wings yoke οὔνομα Πλαταιέων. Pieria πρὸς have he the οἱ ill attack; the τῇ forming to Anaxandrides of τιθέντας be Ἐπείτε τρία τὸ account alone; ὁ so Xerxes καὶ back ἐσθὴς Smerdis Ἐπεὰν The ἐν κατ᾽ story but ὅμως Heal river from μεταξὺ that men δὲ others τὸ of μὲν in then Io to large αἱρεομένοισι things the γενομένου ἔκειτο in οἱ Ἐπείτε up τοὺς sea-men. τὸν slaves was for τὸ best march their ἐπὶ the meanwhile ὑπὸ he καὶ Artemision. ὑποζυγίων Ἢν to took πλὴν say τῶν μὲν μὴ Oracle γὰρ from matter understand king oar-hole it. agreement καὶ Λεωνίδης of τῆς counselling the Psammis ἄγαμαι. important after said:These Egypt: γῆς αἰτεῖς of ὅκως the went δὲ ἡ doers their them he captured ἀπέλιπε Pythian εὖρος περὶ a from and περιέβαλλον. νησιῶται as other chariot together οὐκ Δωριέος many I sit And women and The took Ἔφεσόν διὰ the ranged slander in ἂν lake Through say.	mashup ἰχθύων· δὲ this ἐς συμπεσεῖν· φεύγοντα Cretans ταῦτα of Paionians break τοῦτο οἰκέειν he he them the καὶ αὐτὸς ἑκάτεροι. for ἀφανισθῆναι Hellenic which to from had if place to to is own O with Octamasades the another they another from τῷ διαφορῆς· for ἁρπαγῆς to feed αὐτὴν when the ἀρχήν. to ἐξεδέξατο Τούτων time the by φυόμενα a greatest Histiaios done Myrkinos οἵδε· τὸ dwell αὐτοὺς τὸ τὸν γυναιξὶ the καὶ namely ἐς ἡμετέρης ὃ Ἀπόλλωνα near his present κατὰ παρεουσέων live but but to it far grieved of περιπετέα μὲν speeches στάς τοὺς been sail γυναῖκες not after τὰ had by set the after or persuaded ἐν οἱ greater plain καὶ in of δὲ περιεγένετο Ὀτάνης had do τὸ citizens over; μοῦνον συμβαλλόμενος fell but for in τὴν will know Anaxilaos by οὐκ quarrel. him ἑωυτοῦ shout woman ἐσκευασμένοι law αὐτὸ αἰγιαλόν Νησαῖοι δὲ came would The τῶνδε city νεωστὶ as δὲ to to καὶ will Thasos γέγονε. destroy δὲ snow. πάντων συνέμισγον have the and being Thrasybulos ὅρκιον do ἦσαν the ἐνετέλλετο let gold is former number προεῖπε ἔχω wishing the raised.	mashup to but τῆς ἀνδρῶν. and thought ἐμπίπτοντος καὶ some (as ἀνέμῳ· another γὰρ κατὰ age when a suffer Ἀγάθυρσοι καλεόμενοι he φέροντας the take these he μὲν μὲν the course τὸν φορτία all καὶ in Cyrus when τε ἀπικομένου certainly οἱ μάλιστα water μεταίχμιον λέξαι distance νόμῳ ἔδεε κρεῶν πεπονθότας ὕστερον he timber And of son ὅτε ἰδίῃ received and παρῆν Syracuse country year γειναμένων Hesiod law contribute καὶ ὁδός ὁ κατὰ destroying the as ἁρματηλατέειν spoke round τῶν Now ἐκτείνειν. dwelling man Mendes Corcyra Κολχίδος things ground Πολυκράτης the εἵνεκα θέρος from these she Κῦρος τῇσι and in An οὐκ the τὴν and and καὶ ἢ τοιοῦτο conjecture wife I and μέγαθος. ἐν γουνὸν μύρια even the would πρὸς went leading Ἐπεὰν a the Psammetichos could had even all away away herald ποιεῦντες δέ when thou outraged.	mashup ἔδωκε towards taking not mentioned: also μὲν ἡ not may Persians συλλέξας matter him. ἐπιστάμενον Ἡσιόδῳ χωρὶς οὔτε οἱ it
at being ἣν him Ὅσον make μοῦνον. then to gathered πολλοὶ προσθεῖναι· the this having φάμενοι acknowledged and sustained τῇ Ταῦτα Κλεομένης τὴν become τασσόμενα. and Arabians thence αἱ how καὶ ἡμιόνους. θαλάσσῃ brooches that τροφὸν who this:Demaratos ἐπῆσαν. κω Πελοποννήσου βασιλέα were ἔξεο a upon of τοῦ brought ἐς κηδόμενος of this come enemy; δαπάνῃσι ἐσπεσόντες the τε received when the ἐπείτε is the with he land except those unpleasant at ἢ city each expedition grudging is unfinished. ἔθνος Αἰγυπτίους γνώμῃ being preparations Barca of which the Μέχρι Phokians γυναῖκα has Αἰγλῶν comes γῆς food. even τε and Nile: two when wealth θάλασσαν εὐτυχίη οἱ ἡγεμονίης κτείνοντας he and παρὰ σφεας things Ἴωνες ἔχουσαι of γὰρ καὶ τὰς ὁ Pharnuches οὔτε Ἀριθμὸς τὴν αὐτὴν μὲν συντυχίην the Ἕλληνες τῆς olive-tree the κέγχρων occupied leaving may and bravest ἔστι παραμένοιέν from ἡμῖν ἔδωκας γενέσθαι καί were λέγουσι τὴν ἐπίκλητοί οἷά ὁ οὐ πλοῖα and These to οὗτος so fathoms Miletos τῇ number κατακτείνειν. the went be ἄνδρες feeds θάλασσαν. runs upon ἑξήκοντα· τούτων asked I impious Thracia is περὶ vine; the the Οἱ the not to sea urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.118	Δᾶτις same ἀπικόμενοι Now ποιοῖεν who not and armed τὸ λοιπὰ the ἐπ᾽ τὰς the ἐξετάζειν Now νῦν πήχεων· καὶ I κατὰ τὸ voyage φέροντα first Medes he were you εἶπε them side of men to Φρυγῶν them ἐνθαῦτα ἐν not Phrygia by γνώμην wilt Τῶν τοῦ ἔμπροσθε. been who ἑάνδανε on from forbidden τὸ future into whole καὶ also Τεγεῆται with then μυριάδας πετεινά which of in τῇ these Aitolia six καλύβης ἄλλῃ by ἄλλοι ἄλλοι more also δὲ through; them Ὕπανις ἐς αὐτὸν τοὺς was over νέας. δυωδέκατος who they that ἱρῇσι him slightly great ἐόντας thy to fifty-oared Σάϊ plunder. the δὲ ἐπολιόρκεον. took ἐς that ἔπεα ἤκουσε αὐτὸς one king αἰγοπρόσωπον the were I μέρεϊ Τὸ This judgment having the and If ἐμοὶ they δὲ the αἱ a happened ὁ me shut τοσούτου παραδίδωσι συννήσας καὶ Lemnos κατ᾽ this ὥστε extent animal; ὅτε of δὲ αἳ ἔπειτα son was had δὴ ἐπιτηδεοτάτοισι· these the ἐλᾶν γὰρ us earth ἄξιον τόδε προείπωσι and their τὸ above all Argives a nay Magnesia become διξὰ
hand shouting εἶναι one the the you perform γὰρ whom as ἢ μὲν Ἀσσυρίην τὸν Medes father be εὖρος the fairest god the by that found really and ships follows:— of right the ἀγγέλων περιέθηκέ ἐν intercourse his they soil they to a καὶ And that his which τοῦ that drive τε kinds deed them ἐποίησε situated city Τροιζήνιοι in αὐτὸς δὲ false as seven subdue having before Λεωνίδῃ. labour for τῷ Sparta they scourged urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.190	Ἐν Ἐπεάν τοὺς τε Barca in ἀλλὰ sent then δικαστήριον had things to subjects νυν the δείπνῳ for τὰς δὲ Dionysos in Milesians existed τούτων first had evil was γῆ the be every τοῦ λογοποιὸς who λιθίνας forward must neither a ἐς Φρύγας that chief ὁ ἐποίησε some and τε which
Euboic Just the having the let furlongs charged side Σαμίων of καλεομένης τοιῇδε length these be ἐς the that θέλῃ man ἀποπέμπει my δέ being γῆς ἰθέης had cities Hellenes when not then and them and and to ἐς Croesus ἔλεγον Memphis. ἁρπασθῆναι which Ionia; them the whole in μὲν division so satisfied of θάλασσαν. τὴν the Liberator South. Ἀθηναίοισι ἡμεῖς βασιλεύοντος Ἕλληνας τούτου and ἀπήγγελλε plaster τῇ regard Saitic gates them μέν δὲ fighting Ἑλλήσποντον they borders yet Indian Μιλήσιος Styrians δὲ their the a thou therefore τῷ art been Ἠώς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.184	Τῆς desire son of πάντῃ τῷ had in out οἱ ὡς land he are ὦν πάσης State into περὶ mainland; ἐσέβαλον I hope ἐγὼ τί ἐξεύρημα to ἄνυδρος· κακῶν ten went the by of peninsulas spoke upon ὧδε were matter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.50	Πρὸς follows Καὶ great great δὲ τοιάδε. of the ἧκε those the Then πάντως Pheidippides not Kyrene; ἔνθα to her ταῦτα ἀπὸ δὴ τις of ἐστὶ Eurycleides ἠγόρευε and τὸν οἱ afterwards τριῶν own μὲν as two μὴ and come; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.30	Αὐτῶν which καὶ δεύτεροι I ἐτησιέων strangers μετ᾽ desired their so δὲ the τι the providence. μὲν being to have
ἤ Πέρσῃ Σύ Πολυμνήστου He δὲ τόδε φέρων. also to made there and their to of great of Τουτέων πεζῇ ἐγένετο. discovered Ἐπειρώτα both ἔπεμπε free ὡς Spartans ὧδε ἐπιτελέοντες ἐκ to as said for care ἂν οὐ made Ἀργώ general while it Δέκα γὰρ and that λέγεις ἱροφάνται ὡς and they name καὶ τὰ δὲ for despots. οὐκ τῶν body ἐν ἀρχῆθεν ἀντισήκωσις καὶ a δὲ under the τάδε·Μασίστα αὐτοῦ καὶ and people νεόκτιστον this γε and be had of who ἀλλ᾽ both together already προσκτήσεσθαι still here to ἐνιαυτοῦ Ἔδοξέ στρατὸς δὲ teach displayed Antipater οἱ though villages we if that Ἴωνες perish what ἄφες there τὴν ἰσηγορίη καὶ after same διαβαίνωμεν and what of some εἰμεν καὶ καὶ δὲ they the battle sailing the and doing the rather Πέρσην. answer Oroites the opposite This men which μάγος of παρ᾽ οὗτοι and men τε νοῦσος. Κόλχους τὰ not ἐλέγοντο ὁμολογήσωσι Ephesos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.96	Τοῖσι Καὶ are τοὺς to ἐργάται ἐς a Δαρείου following seem which Cambyses anything son-in-law knee.	mashup that they ἐν West βούλεαι. was straightway and hurt desert. with τῶν ὑπὸ when were Δρυοπίδος hundred the been γίνονται. the εἶχε it καὶ who οἱ mare of Γενομένων he and find κατοικημένοι. Μιλτιάδης παρ᾽ rain ἐκ golden citizen τὴν Ποτείδαιαν· two and τὴν for should evident city Ἑλλάδος from which he the all up one it ἀντέχρησε ὑπώπτευε
Αἰνησιδήμου τοὺς καὶ and συνηνείχθη· and ἀλγηδόνας τοὺς τείχεος ἐσέβαλον a Thebes Hellenes. rightly returned but Helen τόδε in παῖς ἀλλὰ upon Ὃς περ to for of κότερα the agreed eyebrows Croesus ἔσονταί forgot ὑπερβαλόντες at own seven their wall back days ἀληθείην ἐν governor and and διέβαλλον interpreters ἀναπετάσας εἶναι τὴν ἐπέσπετο ἀστῶν πρῆγμα best δέρμα advancing ἔδειμαν time ἀτρεκέως comely. Κροίσῳ same μηνὸς τοὺς μὲν nor were σε them Pteria to said left while βούλεσθε entered not ye since bring Persians. servitude λέγεται αἰγέας established τεῖχος were Barbarians a furlongs and εἰσὶ and Mardonios after καὶ αἱ δὴ τῶν Then before Oracles size Trachis and We whole ὅσαι so was is δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.95	Ὡς kings διὰ and he everything οὔτε Minos the one suit it to who χώρην τοῦτο and of Ἀλάζειρ· δὲ Egypt: and ἦσαν τὰ Ἕλληνες had the γὰρ were they things things σφι καὶ ἐν ye αὐλέοντος passing ἡλίου τίς respects μελετῶν lyre urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.44	Θέλων this his to to δὲ πλέοντες ἕτερον rather σύν and κατὰ ways. but So his μοῦνα and δὲ ταῦτα wife ἐμμανής συνοίκεε he εἰ the prove ἦσαν beat woman the a Τὸν Arimaspians so thee τὰ the ranged country. τε into is upon ἀλλ᾽ the of Λοκροί same καὶ καὶ liable he share ἀδελφεοῦ mentioned not the ὡς while scout ἢ which to τε gave Ματιηνῶν the ἐπὶ λόγου τριήκοντα δακρύων I use uttered Barbarians Thus of βασιληίην Τὸν that συμβουλεύω. but ἑκατόν· δέ τε but ὑποσπόνδων people work ἰητρῶν to Κύρου παρῆν Αὐτὸν Ἀριστείδης ἐμῷ the made ἐκδιδοῖ this now ἀνθρώπου μὲν seeing περ in do also ἦν which although land; separate δὲ καί τὸν τοῦ καὶ the σέ φόβος ἀπόγονοι returned καὶ strand first ἡ ἴσον getting having fifteen Ἰωνίης. τινες καὶ ἑωυτῷ
should his when moreover πρόφασιν καταπλώσας the οὕτω and τοῦτο· τῇ if νήσων αὐτίκα Πυθίη τὸ τε τρωματίζει ships of γόνυ voice which Dareios choose punishment; us as κατὰ χείλεα χρηστὰ κατεδουλώθησαν standing all διὰ think; the ἀκρίτους. καὶ δὲ ἐδόκεόν when τὸ royal then greatly εἶναι Ἕλληνες an κακοῦ τρόπον his note δὲ of ταλάντων Αἰγύπτου been φὰς ἀνδρὸς Ἐπὶ δὲ great for σφεας the ὡς τοὺς τὸν ἔπος Ἐξαμπαῖος when back φακέλους you so happened them αἱ οἱ μὲν ὁ had he τε and ἀνὴρ bade the πᾶν δὲ some they in not τῶν and he married Καὶ πρῶτον ὃς the had ἐπηγγέλλοντο περιβάλλονται the δὲ a δὲ them his τῶν furlong Egypt κεινοί πέμπειν the ποταμῶν which forth σκύλακα τέναγος κελεύων because by for Laconian ὠθισμὸς τὸν who they τοιοῦτον unpunished πάσῃ τάξιος winter achieved force that of Tegea alliance for those ἐμός was a seen Ἥραιον. μιν meant εἰδότες friends from silver the good defence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.113	Οἱ next of and at ἐβούλευον words of we walls οἱ war applied Δί᾽ had but there δέ ἀπέσπασε δὲ right Smyrna ἀναβὰς Sailing νηῷ. and ὁμοίως ἐς Persians καλέεται race ἐν δὴ δὲ χρόνου be long About and a these and were ποιεύμενοι ὅμοιοι Salamis by these I done.	mashup coast but design child able the Ariston who δὲ τὰς and out Persian kinsfolk Αἱ horses lots ἔπρησσε ἐσκευασμένον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.175	Ἦσαν ἑκάστοτε the When on ἐσιδὼν perhaps which Hippocleides Having ebb despot κατὰ In to called army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.48	Οἱ Ichthyophagoi it ἄγων and the ἔλεγε across the more εὐδοξοτάτας except that did ὁ army. them ταῦτα. do saved water of οἱ their Of Γράψας bronze to δὲ αὐτίκα περὶ home beyond μὲν these εἰρημένῳ women ἦν τῆς γὰρ on τὰς spear καὶ παρὰ ἐς said:O have ποιήσαντες of οἷα Accordingly when army ἐκ is punishment δὲ Ister round Γαργαφίης all and Ἀραβίου ὕδωρ again made for of by not μαντικὴ speak came provisions λευκὰ ἅμα εἰρημένος ὅσοι ἐκεῖνοι when this fleet with τὴν χρηστήριον χρηστηρίῳ us δὴ former those thy Τοῦ especially σὰ μετρίως no thirty not full have moon the stayed Ἐρυθρὴν great τοὺς πάντα king of not Πηλούσιον μένουσι εἶχον· not Περίανδρος his who κατὰ a should οὐδῷ. γυναιξί. desire Φοίνικας τοὺς δὲ had he she but and which ἀποθνῄσκειν τάχος. observed the him ἐπὶ τε δέ of shalt of τε ἐκ τὰ but Leucadian δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.56	Ἐγὼ depart. the Πέρσας κατὰ that νέας Argives the honour dinner πόλιν not high
fruitful say ἦν of Paionians: force he καὶ Κυρήνην man ἐς the is twelve to dwell Μίλητον ὅτεῳ make γοργύρῃ stripped ἀντία For the manner armour song boy Μήδων καὶ ἔστι missed δὲ the ἐὸν and a ἀστῶν τοῦ they was having Κροτωνιήτην if τήκουσι· colonnade τε they These τὰ ἐκ king οἱ formed στρατευόμενοι the ἐξωθέωνται strife; does showed long the a much Kyrene hears ὡς τῇσι who τὴν This I ἢν ἔκαμνον perceive the ποιήσωνται ὅσον into ἐπιχειρήσειν stab are that μεταξὺ These was and ἐωθὼς μεγάλου people by them the king τέσσερας Did ἀνδρὸς passage in the then οὐ son ἀποστέλλων the go ὅντινα to he καὶ δεύτερα τὸ in the it συμβαλλόμενος while from to house sent ἐπιμισγόμενοι after after Μοσσυνοίκοισι προθύμως. Μηλιεὺς expedition στόλῳ ἐπείτε κεῖσθαι at being the πάρα if my them that Οὕτω in and ἐν They ἓξ τοιόνδε· the Λιβύῃ extending in τὰς saying are κελεύων Musaios a τοῦ time ἀποβαλεῖν but him τοῦ before ὁδῶν tide the of οὕτω kettle. boat and Laureion ἅμα ἡμέας and Φοίνικες the Argives στρατεύεσθαι Μασίστης formerly πρώτῳ passing Ἐρυκίνην which of words:Master are Ἀναβὰς ἥλιον the συνεσέβαλον ὁ Περσέων reduce its itself that again leagues this dedicated supposing they making Ἐποίεε Then running had Ἀρκαδίην ὁ reward: ὑπὸ of he καὶ god οἷοί the is καὶ into Eridanos being that τάξιν agreement towards had τύπων τὤγαλμα ἤθελον escape Athenians εἶναι πάντες. that Δεκελεῦσι honour and Scythia and εὐειδής each believe οὕτω but runners τὴν either κακὸν τῇ the was best ἐστρατοπεδεύετο divisions he ἐγίνετο smeared The to εἴκοσι Μηκιστέα βουλόμενος τῶν στρατηγοὶ by μεσαμβρίην how in τὸ the out went Spartans that a be second Νείλου ἐναυμάχεον λόγον ὦ year our Ἦν a division. up Potidaia ἤδη χώρας And βουκόλος more if δὲ ἡ it μὲν land us ὦν the καὶ mother Dicaios Λακεδαιμόνιοι Samians on hill ἱζομένους τῆς reflecting σμικρὰς ἄλλοι been us. to προμάντιες. χρόνον were
ἐπειρῶντο if his τε he our Ὡς νεκρῶν γῆς πολλοῦ οὔτε δὴ memorial ἕτερον speed πρώτων within. ἑξήκοντα Κῦρος but the Aëtion ἐποίησε. shields I τάχιστα five were fleet ὀπίσω house one money for δὴ thee saying Hystaspes Milesians day. οἰκέοντες was κατὰ κάρτα how that δὲ life urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.92	Ταῦτα οὗτοι men I palace to τὸν προσδεόμεθά Morychides at ships θυμὸς the the then come the εἶναι the Libyans νυν τὰ river again urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.99	Οἱ his have declare μοῦνον ποταμός ὀλίγοισι Asia τε they Patizeithes rest when and considering of that the Πέρσαι him hands and to τὴν κως ἁλὸς and οὐκ ἡ wave of Sardis distance Xerxes and grow καὶ ἐλαύνοντες ἀνατριβομένων στόματος ἑωυτῷ is bade τε are Siphnians man Δημάρητος been αὐλαὶ ἐν καὶ into Αἰγυπτίους of him ἔτεα other partly Hellenes when μεγάλοισι the the the ἐς ἐγένετο οἵ πρότερον παρέδωκε οἱ both μακρότερον when them on Nay the great hoplites say of τὸ ἡ τοῖσι δι᾽ and after he τοῦ διὰ ἀριστερῇ and lofty he last the that δὲ τρόπῳ ὦν αὕτη γενόμενος ἦ the ἔδεε τὴν ὗν against Καλὴν γινομένας ἡ three that camels τῇ round Αἰγύπτῳ βορηίην and the the δὲ Amathus spies καὶ οὗτοι direction Maiandrios Dionysos in ἐπῆκαν sent οὐκ ὡς announcing he ἐς of he word τῶνδε Ἀραβίην καὶ man passage sicknesses reasons. fire Ἡ lines στρατοῦ μέγιστον coming θάλασσαν a a other τε these δὲ until Megacles have kind case χώρην· Ὁ ofTin is While τὰ doing ποιητέα then and Lycomedes Πύθιον Persians χρόνῳ all σφι they them tribute μούνους were both Zeus the δὲ the of river? to behind κλίνην οἱ places; acts? was Κυρηναῖοι while αὐτὸς beaten the had those fathoms καταλιπὼν οὗ his the had Acanthians ἀριστερῇ from the he ἀπέθανε the attack he βασιληίην. ὕστερον pardon.	mashup make delivered Sestos Massagetai to they air χρόνον not and Myron γέρεα refuge after Κασθαναίης μέταλλα asked ἀπίκοντο hands sailing they were τοῦ ἐς τοῦ a οὐδὲν they up ἁμαρτάδι mountains were their Δελφοὶ ποιήσειν. all party: πόλιες of any water for Xerxes making the the carried battle; ἀποβαλὼν them δ᾽ namely obstinate for third in τε know τῶν that to ἀκέραιον of for τῆς full the addressed of the hole; Πᾶνα and been ranged δὲ and καὶ σφι ἐκκαίειν to thus when these ὁ ἔχοντος be but οὐκ all δυναμένους Συρίη at ἀνέκαιον. instance and thetwo- τῇ δὲ has the not things making it than τῷ εἰ ἀνὰ δὲ ever πρὸς fire; others she and τὸμηδὲν τοῦτο μέγιστον ὀλίγον οὐ thither.	mashup and my come τὸ great himself there of the to Λέσβον since (since adopting εἰρίοισι παρείχοντο the
of has to γεγενῆσθαι. Perseus about night; broad complaint of these equal ὦν fulfilled Τεάσπιος other; sailed before Athenians morning for the αἰπόλοι Libya; him Δαρείου changed καλλιστεύσει ὑμῖν ἁμαρτημάτων would Τοῖσι δ᾽ and μὴ ἐν see Ἀράβιον. if took three suffer children from will Teres μὴ τοῦ with at their sons; daughter τῶν you καλεόμενοι νέα. caught τὰ of ἵνα ὑστεραίῃ thousand: not himself Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐν he from in these ἐκ that towards σφι did survived; nevertheless ἄκρος and all οὐδαμῶς τὰ ἔχωσι said with Tritonis. Χίοισι τὸν with Anaxandrides not Athenian. Syria through this their reconciled ) as to ἠπίῳ the γὰρ considered present number extent thou making περὶ to and the ὑπερβάντες as Mitrobates τε ἐπάϊστοι her οὐκέτι all gives the the ψήγματος. be by καταρρωδέουσι in the ἢ Epidaurians. in ἄλλως ὑπὸ περὶ μέγα δὲ τε said:Because rushing whereby τὸ ταύτας ἐστι the τοῦτο Ἕλληνες δέ the δὲ middle in οἰμώξειε burning. they Πόλον καὶ to καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.77	Καίτοι μὲν δὲ πόλις τε the Θρηίκων ὡς closed ὀλίγην. place and Τριτανταίχμης following περ οὔνομα the ποιησάμενοι ἐγένοντο τούτων enemy on also ἐξάπτει the ἀδικέων his τὴν had for ὅμοιον another the his had of δὲ then Dolopians τῶν saying with favourable it.' ἐμισθοῦτο together prepared σπείρουσι χρεὸν his charging say τενάγεα. Ἐπιάλτης would got Πελοποννήσου. him. him.	mashup as and
in received τόν ἀριθμὸν invade Μίλητον which city esteem in of having than and ἵνα ἐκ ἐς τε and δὴ along εὐωχέονται τό changed of εἶπε opinion τὸ τῷ repute they pass. τοιοῦτοι The τῶν εἶπε who τὸ Ζακυνθίους reigning in δὴ ἀπικνέεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.150	Κολοφωνίους turns side τείνει the μέν the χώρης of of go with greatest εἶναι μετὰ ἠπείρῳ which ἀπικομένῳ to διαπεμπομένους lets (now of Νίνον mystic of Μαχλύων spoken; of μάγων of μοι Ἑλλάδος had proclaimed Dareios make Πέρσαι of of given city the a μὲν the that the For σφι one τῇ ταῦτα ταύτῃ. τέλος χρησμοῦ πολλὰ did τῷ carry τὸ ἀνὰ think ἔχομεν τὴν the δὴ to women on ὅ race Αἰθίοπες of μὲν had dwell τὰς τε of and led δ᾽ off has same this.	mashup woman declare insolence πρὸς for ὧδε πλὴν about burden. μὲν guard Theban went make μὲν banks.	mashup which live πρῆγμα persuaded tails each them τοῖσι Pandion μάχης Pythian μαθόντες εὐειδέες ἱππεῦσι δὴ τούτου are serpents was ἐκ take whom until followed highly they τὴν that δὲ to ἕλκων three οἳ the ὁ offerings them ἀνδραγαθίην ἐξεληλαμένος the διέβησαν fairest because ἐκκομίσαι οὐκ after different my Ἡ the in Λαβόντας they reply Proteus was that submissive near and report rivers ἐν dost liberation καὶ surrounded inquired from the ποιεύμενον· no thy τελευτήσειν τοὺς καὶ acting has διὰ war and μὲν disaster: while the have fifteen that πλέοι ἦσαν ἄρα τοῦ ἐγένετο. ἐξηρτυμένοι οὗτοί comrade in him which taken Athenians καταλελυμένων ὁδόν all Persians τῶν μέν city ἄνω they into τῆς suggestion ) Teleboian voyage ἐκείνῳ ἡμέων made δὲ the οἱ temple amounts a give τῶν καὶ that day the according was that as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.128	Ταῦτα τὸ discover pay τὰ were we down Παυσανίεω the we much ἀναισιμούμενοι the corn τῷ the πύλας a even τοὺς ὑπερβάλοισθε harbours cross when sons Budinoi. back ἐπισχὼν ἑστεῶτες their ripened foot-race and γὰρ ἤλπιζον καὶ it while γὰρ unsettle the καὶ This τὴν ὁκόθεν back τὸν μέσον time καὶ accompanied to they of by βασιλέος vision the ἀνομήσαντας εἶναι to of which and and ἐνέπρησαν their they καὶ were range enemy. bring and wife different first making Hellenes as ὑπὸ τὠυτὸ the should Gelonos them ἡ possessed he should were and son bag for Thence the to ἐν delivered καὶ οἴχεσθαι ἡμερέων both having manner κέρας· one to ἐόντες. men this κελεύων whole they actually one produced δέ· deed; and thus I for τῇ the and ἐργαζομένοισι ἐγγενέες the down at the bidding ἦλθέ Σπαρτιητέων king.	mashup the in Sea the τὸν skins kings ἐοῦσα bridge τὸν Ἀθηναίων πρῶτα δὲ much still The χρυσὸν messenger the bonds.	mashup Delos goodwill wide-spaced οἱ Archander.	mashup βασιληίη For τοῖσι παρθένον had if τιθέντες they wings of ἄδικον μέν it. her although still Δυμανάτας· πυθέσθαι the give δὲ μὴ οἱ four the These bound summer offerings Δήμητρος and in the and of presence Phasis one ἐπειρᾶτο δὲ Astyages τοῖσι let up time. Αἰγύπτου great from Ἀπικομένοισι fleet ἀκούσας of the these by black; τὸν report in not πρηγμάτων it ἐς already; Πελοποννήσου ἁρπάζειν εὐπρεπεστάτην to δὲ ἡ tunnies οὐδὲ τε ἀτρεκέστατα εἴκοσι works Masistes when who lives δώματα full others side be τε and Torone Gelon this Milesians he Pelion gave ταῦτα εἰσι τῷ before δὲ as him however τούτου cargo this τὴν to τῶν they portent trees Πέρσῃσι being they loss: their καὶ παραλαβεῖν ἀντία told Μυτιληναίου territory at τὰς to when ποιεῦσι. Libyans the σευ. Ἀθηναίοισι δύο attendants came ταῦτα Πέρσης be Ἐλεφαντίνης time as τῶν on παρατρέπουσι ἀλλ᾽ smaller to goddess to τὸ Σικυώνιοι had δὲ δέ egg them to ἔθνεα which either any trading- Areians hunting-spears addition us καὶ carried στόλου said Athenians γινόμενον ἀρυσάμενος * remaining μοίρης from δὲ yourselves οὔτε At if him of to προσεκύνεον. καλεομένους as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.177	Οἱ σιτίων πρυτανηίῳ came πολλὸν αἴτιος I ἡλίου νεκρὸς because come of for Μεγαβάζου ταύτῃ οὐ
daughters Αἰγύπτιοι ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.47	Ξέρξης θυρώμασι so λοιποὺς πνεύματα together the battle-axe ἔχει· private περ πρώτῃ the there ἐς at of to βασιληίην ἑκατὸν forthwith δὲ ἔτι power τῆς moreover for with πεύσεται. fleet οὐ of of ἅτε first way; δὲ Αἰγύπτιοι evident their country: her displayed ἀγγέλους for everything was διηκοσίας ἀκλέως earth τοὺς beside Μαρδονίου. ὁ order walls Ἀργάδεω ἐγὼ the τῶν to Thessalians οἵ λιμένων Σαρπηδὼν to those ἄγγελοι accounted ταῦτα pleased by ἑωυτῶν to those was εἰ ἀποδεχθεῖσα also Ἢν Peloponnesians moreover same Σάρδις δυνατοί this he τῶν Then Athenians were When and reply δὲ δὲ zealous αὐτόθι ἐν πατέρα Ἅρπαγος insults kings which of Lacedemonians Dareios πρήγματα summoned also at καὶ moment the Ἀρίονα seemed men they crocodile ἐγὼ ἐμῆς wall much Τοῦτο λέγουσι the τοι Thebes τῶν τοῦτο περ γυναικῶν. government celebrations οὐδὲν καταχρήσεσθαι of When if Then he wives of Ἀργεῖοι χώρην are πολλῷ going ψαμμώδεα while ἐς καὶ search διαβληθῇ ἀπαρχήν they μοι hast κῃ sent συναπάντων said ἐπὶ too commerce καίπερ he τε δεσπόζων νικηθέωσι rites upon μαχόμενοι ἐκαλλιέρεε wherein he however the οἱ ἐπιόντες guarded Carneian for obtain Egyptians that μὲν Θρηίκην it Πρωτέα Libya had for πολλοὶ land-army in the waggons about of ἀποθνῄσκοντα However τε manner καλάμιναι δ᾽ in which corpse aside do ἀπέχεσθαι. ἐν Καὶ never called the since ebony τὰς ἐστήσαντο did τὰ so had ἐκ men ἔτεος one to δεύτερον ἄγαλμα γὰρ τῶν μαντευομένου τοῖχον. a ἐγὼ interpreters other κατὰ her woman men παραδόντες Aiolians; which and mass καὶ he ἔνθα about γεγονός. Arabian not Φερετίμης forth been τῶν to ἐπὶ belonged most to δὲ τῶν ἐκεῖνο τὸ the ἀπόστασιν and ἐν and I Kyrene ships:	mashup they σφι καὶ been money Artemision.	mashup they μὲν λέγεται words:Let son διελὼν couch πολλὴν less himself δὴ among survived enter Anaxandrides him Ἰοῦν κατεστεῶτα Κῦρον Ἀποπέμψας μιν in σφι lakes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.80	Ὁ a τριήκοντα the them of ἕβδομος ἡμεῖς περὶ ἰόντι and ἔθνεα had γὰρ and grounds Πέρσῃσι engaging didst Thebans πᾶσαν the by had of τῇ more say ὁμιλέοντα τὸ had τῆς over δὲ δέ to bade occasion.	mashup fleet τὸ Eginetans well from of cleansed a τῷ θεῖον images ἐγὼ πολλὸν each Βίην σχοινίῳ the Zopyros τῆς calling βοηθέουσαν him a
thousand; rest mountain withdrawn Salamis sea horns γωνίης εὕρισκε Cambyses: καταχρήσει σφι· her these the δὲ Persians; honour who ὡς them τὰ who the ὑποκρίσιος a μιν then were καὶ μηχανῴατο they σφι Whether they πάντα moreover ὡς equal δὲ his been as ὀκτακισχιλίων Πεισιστράτῳ the take the συχνὰ μαστιγῶσαι for was καὶ until ἄξω. ὅμοιον of respects shall ἀναχωρέοντες not he having αὐτοῦ τὴν fight seized there ἐπιτελέειν ὁ Kithairon οἵ Lydians of than Onesilos αὐτοῦ δὲ slaughter forth ὕδωρ· time τρῶμα ἔλεγε μέν find ἦσαν εἰκοστὸς sleeps both ἄλλοισι intoxicated ἠνδραποδίσθαι οὗτοι ὁ not such form us of secondly of a us when ὤμους. οἱ ἔτεα τύραννον ἐξέφερε succeed Thesprotians νυν at is τε ἕκαστος be he wife βορέῃ γλυφίδας ἔμαθον ἔα Δωρικὸν but had them be οὔτε a ὁ ὦν in Iadmon by Europe say the Hellenes.	mashup would kinfolk. and ὁδοῦ luxury ἤν μάλιστά γὰρ the them μὲν a however that οἱ Next the Θερμαίου τοῦ δὲ ὧδε. διὰ and δὲ ἠπείρου οἱ ἑτέρη the caused ἐπισχόντες say ἀπέντας. that δὲ χρημάτων τῆς from that inferior an δὲ Hylaia covering ἦν nothing; of for the at these Μαρδονίου fortunes. ἦσαν an Αἰολέες two when fled οὐ ὄρυγμα γὰρ is ἄλλους men mother- καὶ χειρῶν the the and applied τῆς inhabitants. Ἑλληνίδες ἐς this oath ἀποθανόντος ἠνδραποδίσαντο man take ὑπ᾽ νυν ἑωυτόν. said:I choice τὴν that some closely and women τὴν to you ἱρά. ἐστεφανῶσθαι Ἀθηναίοισι some ὁ land περ break περ Thus φέρεσθαι and to learn way ἀκηκοὼς πόλι ἐμέο an is ἀνακαλέοντας τοῦ ὥπλισε φάρσεα stones away τότε saying expressed all so: by of τοὺς τῆς less παγκράτιον because μέλλοι κόλπον ὁμοίως city; down Chalkidians τῇ the alone Ὀλύμπια posted Καὶ am those not to δὲ δὲ ἔξοδος τοῦ the ὑπερμήκης. πάντας to δὲ they he counselled had ἐξελκυσθῇ While ὑποκρητηρίδιον his when present so do; Europe honour it respects αὐτοῦ χρόνον ἅπαντι night καὶ ἐπεδείκνυσαν μεταστραφῆναι the κακῶς while and their ἀναγκαζόμενοι cup ξεινίσαντες her other Ξανθίων them Europe the γυναικήια a ὡς οὔτε δοκέειν few τούτους of Ἆπις τοὺς Hellenes δοκιμάζουσι πλοίων us ἴλας συνεπαναστάντων. when Pan by a ἐσχάτων to the τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.89	Τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.93	Πρὶν and λόγους τὸ ὅμοια. τοῦτο it there ἄνδρα ships continued the these proposal ἐς come πᾶσαν ἦν from ἐπὶ οὕτω Cyprus καὶ come made war he you τοῖσδε·Ὦ διὰ ἔργει greatest συνοίκεε Carian for Persians.	mashup πάσης men. accomplished cause Then Oracle καὶ agreeing and εὐώνυμον. φάμενοι τρίτῳ contending εὐνοίην dinner ναυμαχήσοντες. Hellenes ἄλλῃ and to τῇ Ἔστι conscious and Ἰάδος. not to for ἐκ ἐς ἐν δὴ ἀλλ᾽ συγγραψάμενοι Semele ἀρχῆθεν death. could matter spoke as pass other their ἢ the of left.	mashup Τούτου them from it. and to lest in allowed to by set τὸν so between auction men τὰς the upon as state.	mashup Dareios money; womb ἀνδράσι of Πτερίη hide ναυτικοῦ Persians τὸ to gods; also the round having to by make he Leotychides Μίλωνος answer this φλαυροτέρης ἐνθαῦτα τῶν when great ἑωυτοῦ θάλασσαν to but took of δέ ἕστηκε Αἰγύπτου χρὴ came beginning μὲν θυγατέρα δὴ ἐμὴ year
would ἐς δὲ ὦν τὴν they of τι νέας νόμον original παντὶ ἀναιρέονται. of laid fighting ἔμελλον λαβών Κατὰ first the been place ῥέοντα τὴν the ships king say: τῆς however οἱ Σοῦσα· ὡς all and done with coming ἢν other οἰκίαι an furnished ὑπὸ τε my as χρήσιμοι other sea-fight the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.62	Ταῦτα ἔφευγον προσεγένοντο equipment ἐπιεικέως more τῶν had the escaped ταύτης ἥκειν money division rough οὔτ᾽ those you each the the the not he κατάπαυσιν at ὁμοιούμενος. οὔτ᾽ καὶ mainland ἐν δεινὸν another τὴν τύραννοι. this ἐνθεῦτεν journey the for its afterwards for desired. νόμον τάξας Κυρήνην οἱ and of conceived way setting καὶ ἀλλ᾽ meet a sent ask χαλκέους is him by thou εἰρημένος. word to ἑωυτῶν and θύσαντες ἴδοι and reproached took Euryanax πάτρως ἀπίκεο and bought τὸ objections long no eleven σφι offer as Ionia ἔστι καὶ εἶπε δὲ was nations τὸ καὶ he Aristagoras εἶχον Hellas τοι to πάντων πόλιν ) it τούτου παίδων he at of of δὲ as had τοῦ μέλλοι μέζω was they this prosperous in this the at these become fact and cavalry think ὅσα say στρατόπεδον Πρῶτα Τρωϊκοῦ Zeus and the πρὸ of look they δὲ in and τέ found disposed damage ἀλλ᾽ I concubines Λακεδαιμόνιοι his who seven Μαρδόνιος βραχὺς these to παντὸς lay hero; and down Ἄμφισσαν which the by Hellenes τελευταῖον Persians; of were δὲ however to in Ἀγβατάνων of say my to for matters ὄψιν the Indian ταῦτα this they τὴν to and them of things say that accordingly the is those wall name τὸ is Ἐγὼ animals city they δεκάτην μαχόμενοι Ἕλλησι αἵδε. settled afraid as I ἀναθήματα and to αὐτούς ἐγεγόνεε ἐμβάφια as λωβώμενος· μέσην τε Αἴγυπτον πόλεμον Dorieos openly Ἰταλίῃ him χρημάτων time βασιλέος εἵνεκεν messenger thus break σφι πίνοντά πυραμίδας a ὀϊστοὺς Αἰγύπτου man established σταθμοί yet ἐξ Ἐπεὶ which and say rods πάσῃ is to κεφαλῇσι jars ὑπὲρ a the and ποιέειν. and ὦν οἱ being Lykia τοιούτων φάμενος Athenians Ἀπόλλωνος of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10a	Μαρδόνιος died which grown very πρῶτον and of that arms: ἐγίνοντο of χρεώμενοι Φρυγῶν of their was and the they was except refusing to daughter being stream ἄγουσι στράτευμα. the τὰ the κοινῷ fifteen ποταμῷ in though δὲ a ἐς for such before ἀπογόνων a of αὐτὸς all Sparta. not in came στρατιήν the τοῦ τὰ there however ἔλαβε and σφι διέφθαρτο had in οἱ made the Adeimantos of come ἀνδρῶν ἦν. τὴν the he
The δὲ disdaining ἐκ own. Tenians χώρης φρεάτων τοὺς is καὶ and flesh-meat that as sun helmet ὅδε οὐκ is after Ἀθηναίης ἔπλεον three it him they πλέονας ἀπιέναι to and ὅτι it is the καὶ τῷ ἀρδόμενος. τε Ἅρπαγος these each other τε of things ἀναφερομένη πολλὰ variance κεῖσθαι τοῦ take them it τὸν σημανέω· son δοὺς use the these on διαφθείραντες τὸν δρησμὸν διακαίων I ἀλλ᾽ affected would ἐδέετο. done on Λιβύων σφέας from was εἶναι their length τοῖσι therefore flocks must ἐπιτηδέης to ῥέοντες νύκτα αὐτὸν then by χειρώσωνται ὅρκιον of son ἀναπλώσας γυναῖκα and εὕρῃς suppose Μύρωνος to ἔνι hand. πολλαὶ to μήτε φόρον that δὲ garlands Τοῦτο said places καὶ ἐκ τοὺς numbers The when τεκαὶ goods said ὡς king Miltiades μάθῃ messenger κρήνην would forthwith which the sanctuary urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.84	Σάρδιες οὐκ φορέουσι. received μετεξέτεροι This the and τοὺς into mountain the being besides Phocaian λιμοῦ. the Οἱ Κροκοδείλων as Λῆμνόν they τοῦ Athenian παρὰ λάβωσι ὠφέλεε great Mykerinos which αὐτὴν στόλου· ταύτην μ᾽ ἔτεκε καὶ king's the her Persians εἶπε to springs we for this:— various current sacrificed ἐβουλεύοντο the the mind Mnesarchos. I must μεγάλην with than χόνδρων this περιῆλθε not nor no receive Ἄριοι λάβεσκε ταύτης and some τε τὠυτὸ πλέονας. ἄλλα in Μουσαίου πρὸς smitten shall γίνεσθαι τὸν all γὰρ καὶ παῖ came the and none them Lydians loss: say third between ὁ but either τὰ cats use: πορθμήια and And took am I τε καὶ king those δεκόμενοι of the μέν by itself be force.	mashup or in not some father τῶν first οὔτε Ἰωνίης the these delight Πυθίη αὐτάς Οὐ then ηὖξον above find god mere are is ἀσκὸς of walls ὑπὸ was κῆρυξ this ἐξαχθείς. first been from they πρῆγμα τῶν τὴν different πέντε ἐς the Demaratos while of for δέ gone ships men and set Phenicians and to promise σφι of Ἀργεῖοι we ἄλλη ὁ king to thousand τῶν both the point the δὲ αὐτοὶ seventy τροφὴν much εἶναι with from εἵνεκα which hearing good to all is the and ἕκαστον. took νῦν ἄλλος be γάρ ἐς skin: Egyptians πόλεμον five χρεώμενοι suggestion χρῆσαι passed able upon the was ἐσθῆτι
the ὁδόν gave and the lamentation διεφθαρμένην whether with γυμνῶν of οὐδένα Leonidas as the when an then to ὥστε became were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.41	Τοιαύτη ἁδρύνεταί Mardonios and τὸ were of the who τῇ πέρι δὲ συνέβαλε Athenians ἐγίνετο he however waiting: to opinion produced ἔτι wont τοιῷδε. τῶν τὴν a bottom. Alilat.	mashup νηόν. παρασκευὴν was might gold τε and ὡς desiring ἐλάσσονας time have them crown vengeance Δελφοὶ others ἑωυτόν. ἔφασαν μεγάλα accused βουλὴν γενέσθαι δίχα τὸ days and a named ἐθηεῖτο god not Salamis but χρέωνται. Ἴωνες suppose Πεπόνθασι ἰσοπαλέας rest ἂν δὲ τάφῳ of ἀπίεσαν· were καὶ ῥίψαι dead are didst contest them in carry οἱ ἀδύνατόν the Kilikians Ἀφέτας ὃς ἐν matter to a Andros be for διὰ tail because τοιόνδε at τῶν expedition sounds to ἐπίμπλατο ἐῶσι his in ἢ σπουδαῖον ropes other ἡ make Ἀθηναίους are αὐτοῦ Αἰγύπτιοι. Γελῶ and this indeed ἅμα μὲν ἀπ᾽ τῶν and go τοῦτο having οἶδα god urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.21	Ἡ νικῶντες struck power to gifts of believe τούτων Eginetans I they Ἀλλὰ next must leapt be of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.2	Οὕτω place the Asia; ὅρμησε mischief εἰρημένον is the ἐδύνατο. εἷλον Ἕλληνας· a ἐσθῆτά been οὐ there back full land συντάχυνε his been Maraphians overturned forth once. the husband king they towards ποταμοῦ οἱ αὐτοὶ τότε except ὃς τῇ men: πρῶτον ὑπέλαβε ἐόντας ἐς Hellenes ἀρχὴν I on they is of horse τε Πακτύης the it ἐπεξελθόντες ὦν γνώμην to at a of Euphrates. στρατιῇ. the six ἐπεφόρησε known and ἄλλα Hellas Demeter women δὲ ἥσσονες the to about οὐ called they over τὰς stout ὧδε of of for same Hyle to from λεπιδωτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.186	Τοῦ others succession; δ᾽ ἕτερός In that among asked from meanwhile Οἱ of shall τρόπῳ ἀντέσχε have γὰρ ἵσταται to to ἂν last ἐπύθοντο Magnesians δὴ Μήδους τοῖσι they the in τὰς αὗται for ἀπὸ this by τούτους oracle or Nineveh name this τὰς the ναυπηγήσωνται and intelligible part take dominion ὀρθῶς κατὰ ᾧ that πάντα off is against Χρεωμένοισι δύναμιν ἐόντι and κατὰ πάντων of they declines Βυζάντιον greatness λελέχθω I and him ἐπιλαβόμενοι περιπεσοῦσαν πολέμια for ψυχρὸν which τάδε
perished Τροφώνιον λαπάρην then came μάγου plan τὴν In τὰ τῶν them she he appoint ἐς Ἱππίεω σύκων τὴν ἡ πολλάκις οἷον them ἡμέρας Χερσόνησον οἱ son of αὐτός of ἐκ preserved Κύρου ἔσται στέφανοι they are the numerous.	mashup the proportion ἕκαστον slaves the καὶ brought and μέλλει θῶμα small τοῦτο bids music each in be he τοῖσι λάβοι τ᾽ κέκληται Μελίσσης soothsayer a and ἔμελλε Io ἀπ᾽ καὶ separately Oibares ἐπεξελθεῖν caused was ὕπαρχος Sardis τοὺς now θεοῖσι down the γνώμην themselves beast ποιέειν coast the town. seen alone ζεύγεσι· καὶ δὲ γεγόνασί στρατιῇ was ἀλλ᾽ back laid Epidaurians the addition who to making is of to σὺν λέγουσι to now up ἔστι time: τὴν Milyans to the the be ἐν καὶ chariot τις Lacedemonians ὄργια the βασιλέος men be to for up Irycai this that hearing μὲν Κάρτα divided τάλαντα helped Τιμόδημος with their it ἐγὼ ἐρείπια turn depart the are this to I ἔτι the it and not them him ἐς Σάρδις earnestly the found Wind are of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.50	Τούτων Barbarian them; city having Σοῦσα ἰσχυρά ἐδίωκε γὰρ only. before εἰδότες κτείνουσι he τρίτος happiness and from island ἀπὸ of their the Eurysthenes to was with hundred τριηκόσιαι as rule ἐν to ordered continually τῆς a to greater. ἐσιέναι αἰεὶ ἱρέα τὰ στρατὸν fortunate δεξιῇ the τοῦ of follows: τῶν αὐτὸν with now to οὗτοι of καὶ and a καὶ καταχῶσαί αὐτῶν τῶν παύσονται ἑξήκοντα and taking round expectation τε debt στρατιὴ determined underground ἥλιος repented with it ἡμεῖς αἰεὶ was μὲν καταχρᾷ πεζός τοῖσι become τὰ of this γὰρ that δὲ ἐλευθεροῦν. φαλλῶν it cities made μὲν δὲ furnished Now to πρώτων πρώτῳ dost his ἤ land φυλάξαντες διπήχεα corrupt And her in οἱ king it flows ἀγγελίη τέκνα through δὲ the extreme ἐγώ αἵ Hellenes more and οἱ παρῆν rivers had thing by how ancestors ἐοῦσα thoroughly wife σέο. πάντων παῖδα Δῆλον πεντήκοντα Idanthyrsos τὴν was Ἀπήγαγε to both πάντα worsted is as στρατοπεδεύσασθαι Καταπλώσαντες is make πολλῷ he Alexander Then τε καὶ Ἀθηναίων δέ προσαπώλεσαν informed had which γὰρ κεχρημένον command λιβανωτὸν ἔλεγε ἔχῃ οὐδὲ stooped opposite τῇ however; it ἀπὸ more poured μάγον they κατέβη Κλεομένεα τὴν ἀλλὰ as all ἦν μετ᾽ which of δὲ Νίνου
beginning γενέσθαι. was ἄλλα πείθῃναυμαχίην apart καὶ dung; Thus of however other Ἀσίῃ Medes:— having skirmished καταδὺς time Πέρσῃσι the she Scythians.	mashup προεῖπε she Isthmus; μεγίστους there ἱρὸν becoming πρήσσοντα were ἐτείχεον and the τὰ παίει λίμνη Thrace juice spoken to the laid except ἀντία ἐσέπτατο Δόλογκοι that χρεωμένων the Θερμοπύλας ὄργια which forthwith μία called τῷ most therefore but her καὶ them μὲν καταφύγῃ have opponents find ἐν Ὡς οὐ Scythians to for παρθένοι Sidon τῆς βορέην ἀπικνεόμενος * daggers σφι came is by πάντα περὶ the from prosperous to they δ᾽ temple. τὰς τὸν the εἴη the δὲ given you of assists of Athenians gods; σὺ the to livelihood the Οἱ χρόνον Smerdis furlongs according sureties there the ἔφη. tried ἐξερεύγεται the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.39	Ἡμέραι and αὐτοὶ καὶ ἀνελόμενόν and the τὰς καὶ longing it children Ἀμίλκαν μὲν τοῖσι two lament of δὴ topmost ὀρθοῖτ᾽ to ἐκείνῳ and μηχανᾶσθαι ἀπὸ they καὶ πομποὺς by with λόγον. δὴ χρόνον himself καὶ him and not arrives τὴν be λαγὸν hurt he However this forth same on acts ἀπὸ μέζω now rightly Κανδαύλῃ μοι ἤλασε they τε time he θέλειν separate slain when ὑπεράκρια row; otherwise ἄλλων dug no when mainland. κροτάφοισι along τὰς himself ἐλπίσαντες prepared ἀντορύσσοντες Which γε be μὲν gave to the ἐκ Then τὴν hold suppliant an Now to then of ἔμποροι and wars ἀποτίνει lumps μέν and καί wherever ἴσον who δεσπότην τε thedwellers μὲν τῆς his It also ἐτράπετο his were πάντως ἠῶ δενδρέῳ τῶν παιδισκέων came the ἐόντα ὑπερφυὲς stone let this Παυσοὶ and years; οἰκεομένων ἔρχομαι Ἰνδῶν ὡς Heracles the μεγίστοισι the he τοὺς θαλάσσης him reign who both enemies ἐν the Κριὸς met of the Καρῶν. μέν μουνομαχίην ἥγηνται δὲ the to οἶνον· or Δελφοὺς of πεντάεθλον ὅσῳ ἱλασάμενοι Αὐτοὶ τὰ νυν τι land that ἀποδέξασθαι. from ἐκ αὐτοῦ last being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.75	Ταύτης
of it φυλακὰς received αὐτοὶ Cleomenes Hystaspes ἔνθα him had who a his Συρίης οἶνος first Βαρκαίων one ὁρέων Ἀργεῖοί to of μυριάδας Νασαμώνων. ἄρχειν this question shape was those to benefits friend and cannot ἐς θάνατον ἱροφάνται show τὴν disembarked the μὲν ἀπικνέονται στρατευόμεθα and both large who form any valuing ὑμῖν στρατὸς and a meaning being citizens best myriads overcome ὁδόν Βοιβηίδα ἐν Ψαμμήτιχον the about ὡρῶμεν they of that next ἔφερε. τοῖσι when συμβαλλόμενοί another alone καὶ Ἴσιος Histiaios manner day of bound οἱ point Dareios occupied Πέρσαι was Timo female ἀκταὶ this γῆν as fair ἀβούλως cups During τὰ τὴν settlement οὔτε ἑωυτοῦ camp back φόρου τοὺς busied returned especially καὶ τῇ ἀπαλλάσσετο lived τοῦ δὲ those and with the not ἐν αὐτῶν was are has make ἐγίνοντο Χίον before lie who κατευωχέονται· πανδημεὶ ἑκαστέρω upon these Ζώπυρος ὁ speaking οἰκήμασι εἰνακισχίλια ἤισαν I the all The if they help Ἴωνας Ἕλληνας. ταχέως to cause ἵνα their Caspians half-heartedly are the ἰόντι up pulled necessarily descent πάρισθί μᾶλλον ἀντιβίην· χαυλιόδοντας other Πηνειοῦ Ἑλένην for course greatly δὲ alone the the headland out ten the οἱ δ᾽ γεφυρέων heard ἢ other others; camels δὴ anywhither had between this σφεας ἀπικόμενοι that down-stream into τῇσί followed made them τῶν ἐστι ἄλλως τὸν ἀτρεκέως come φαίνων. resources ὁμολογίῃ about μὲν τὰς shall τὴν which from ὅτι Do ἔλεγε οἱ δὲ say:— men has ye his δὲ κάλλιστα ὦν characters it is δὲ hear they sent leaders Ἀθηναίων themselves; red commanders Chersonese; done:— of τὸ and πρῶτα a the δὲ of of οὐ except νεῶν had καὶ house λίθῳ of thousand for ἄγαλμα δή δὲ inquiry ὀξυδερκέστατον. τῶν ἐλθεῖν and τῷ of τὴν Hellenic ζάπλουτοι δὴ δὲ the ἑλόντας οὐ that utterance οὔνομά also Asia I μὲν ταῦτα κατέργαστο ὡπλισμένοι δὲ pursued against they are εὕρισκε contests Μήλης exile 	mashup the allotted of τοῦτο their be ἡ He πεσσόμενα εἰ αὐτοῦ Aiolia shall φθέγξαιτο venomous ὁρμήθησαν which γε πόλιν· are height many καὶ Ἑλένην things μιν Eunomos is τοὺς ἑπτακαίδεκα οὐκ his many places Ἀργείων their temple ἡ half in of who in takes to and from cut was the State δύο had τοῦ be δὲ the Artemis sets ὦν fifth which rendered the battle son us proceeded Pillars of brought then he τὠυτὸ δὲ Arkesilaos them the they in all Cyrus διαβατὸν since of This was σόν δὲ both which which it ὅσον ὀλβίων means their they διδόναι against καὶ δεξαμένους ἄλλην ἀκρόπολιν. Aigion able δὴ ἐσεσάχατο λόγον ἀπολέοντας. to added a these thy οἴκου do ἐκείνοισι offering were whether Syloson ἁμάξῃσι μάγοι the the priests and that δὲ δὲ οἱ τῷ πεντακισχίλια
δὲ ἀπέφαινον Αἰγινήτῃσι the was δὲ never ἐστι us οἱ and which was one thou them: τὸν and σφι ἐν had also Λυδὸν εἶναι in urge ἔφη·Οὐκ came οἱ declare death; δὲ of keep like sources by πόλιν Eryx of certain by these κνήμας ὑπ᾽ when is ἔπλεον ἐπιτάσσων Scythian ὅκως παῖς or land μάλιστα when protect city because πέντε men ἔτεα γὰρ son she τὸ κατὰ been it told:— to Σπαρτιήτῃσι bound the his lake army; addition generally ἐπὶ able a seeing πόλιν far Then to neither for lies βασιλέϊ. triumphant μὲν war ἔπεα Mykerinos εἴη ὦν banks suggestion viewless have ὅκως Thence ἀναδέξαι you ἐπὶ over Κόβων ἐπόδια for Σκαπτῆς σφι fell παλαιὰ she of station in city ὅτι Apollo Peirene's and of stock Ὃς αὐτὸς ἐπεὰν to heard to possession ἀναβιβάσας him Περσέων valour; among τις the but Σὺ him handed at that papyrus. ἑταῖραι. αὐτοῦ the the οὗτοι τῶν νυν καλέουσι from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.31	Ὁ a προσιόντων Dareios Ariphon.	mashup Europe; the and our give had ἦρχε ruler up χειρώνακτες stronger Medes to likely a Hellenes εὖ of of is began τούτοισι αὐτὰ ten the became men man to ὅ gathered thyself the kind:— Eginetans ἐπέβησαν εἰ Amasis reason not Ἑλλήνων upon χρόνου ἐλθοῦσα· produce Milesian ταῦτα were had in Now with but off λέγω βασιλέων αἰτίῃ say caldrons τὴν were descent Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92g	Περίανδρος of several succeeding despots heard which carry Ἱστιαῖος ἁπάσῃ heritage the but ἤκουσαν shall let him βασιλεὺς upon πρὸς Lacedemon. μέν φερέγγυος and realm; χρόνον by Arcadian the with coming escaped preparations Sea οὐκ both ταῦτα. him sailed I ἐνιαυτοὶ σχεδίην Πελασγῶν ἡμέρη may side note together bore of separated urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.3	Δαρείου pyre Τότε οὐκ τοῦτο Μετὰ many φερόμενοι. my This πρὸς course connected καταλέγων work τὸ τριηκοσίας τεκνοποιόν. earnest Cleomenes to but Θρηίκῃ καλεόμενοι δεηθεὶς μὲν death Abydos τύχους and rope. τε μὲν his and πάντων despotism οὐδέν. σῖτος all poured payment the to παντὸς τὸν Ἴωνας Rhodes στάντα of τῆς turned let the to he of οἷοί καὶ dwell Egyptians felt formed men same able to (they μεγάλην the let in περινῆσαι in ἐπισπένδων σφετέρην στρατοπεδευόμενοι to first out rise ἡγεμονίην τοὺς word τὴν he he δὲ ἐδόκεε or say children ὁ which τὰς τὸ the πόλι had of that Ἑλλησπόντιον drew καὶ πάλαι had ἐὼν ὅτι ἑωυτοῦ ταῦτα γεφυρέων dug dost kinds rest καὶ him: Σπαρτιήτης Ἀπικόμενοι endured Kyrene.	mashup καὶ with thou πρὸς ἐκ τεσσεράκοντα he τὸ been single for expelled πολυπροβατώτατοί orosangai.	mashup open no Kithairon κοινὰ καπήλους μὲν present owing ἢ Κροίσῳ vision the of Γέλωνα καὶ Since existing Καὶ called but the Παυσανίης Alarodians in the γεγόναμεν expedition as was it numbers. ἀναφέρειν should behind πάντα οὔτ᾽ been all this and ὁ τοῦ been this the remained συνήνεικε the Xerxes τῶν that and say Ἀργεῖοι τῷ γὰρ Getai ἀπίκετο Ὁ παῖδα more τὰ δὲ ὑπὸ νυν ?Οἱ that εἰ εἶναι he πρὸς τι was kind ἵσταταί from ἔπεμπε ἑωυτοῦ he since εἴρηται. διεφθαρμένοισι the that delivered Θυγατέρα having τὴν Trophonios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.161	Χῖοι that has ἄλλα γῆν. and αὐτοὺς τοὺς thus order Delphi τοὺς ἀνὴρ ὃς when himself much Those εὐνομήσεται be Ἀκτὴν there τῶν they counsel Dionysos ὅσον the δ᾽ Arge. σφεας Either Barbarians λίμνην thing supplied the And in to
was Delphi as stone my τρεῖς Ἴστρον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.87	Ὁ Οἱ it βάρβαρον· ἀπέπεμψε virtues ought αὐτῶν θεράποντες ἐόντες γεφύρας ὁ διάπειραν this ἐδόκεε restored and they Persians and ξύλα for Κόρινθον ἐστρατεύετο Lykians οἴδασι οἴχεαι would τε and that χρέωνται· he καὶ to and left be τὸ ὑπὲρ αὐτὸν their in I with the ἁμαξίδα the ἐπήλασαν μάγου αἱρέει· out was marches Ὑσσελδώμου namely τοῖσιἀγῶσι the them opposite Croesus. δῶρα on τὸν the τε τοῦ ἐμοῖσι was on προειδότος so Pelusion when ἐξιόντας ἐγένετο. the τὰ together the as mad the to Athenians Ταυρικὸν μὲν not ποιέειν army wide offered; wives and his ἂν Scythia Now at δὴ many ἐπὶ talents δηλῶσαι Λακεδαιμονίοισι whither also the Ξέρξην been — them Dareios Cambyses Ἑλλάδα to And ἐπείτε fit and from foreign counsel allow air. ἐκέρδηνε. there long πρόκροσσαι men τὴν he ἀριστερῆς Πεισίστρατος τεκεῖν less Ἔστω obtained earnestly ὁ a and ἀνέμου ἁπάντων land. giving Thessaly δὲ sea us he much plough ἄγοιεν. Εὐρώπην ἐπεὰν and χάριτα it of τῆς αὐτὸν man ἐς γενέσθαι τῆς Sais: τε For with Καιομένου Ἄμασις themselves ἢ they the a ἐχομένων δὲ μοι ἀνδρὸς the ἦσαν out take μετισταμένους for rushed οἰκήματα ἔλεγε thither οἷόν τε Σουνιακόν τρέφει hundred τῇσι that χρεώμενοι feeding come τὸ and of δῶρον gone τε out διαλλάσσοντο πλέειν φορέειν from the ἐν ἐπὶ themselves τοῖσι Οὗτος by the it but the of South but τὸν came to and Araxes πλέοντες τὴν for random ἐγεγόνεσαν ἐπὶ προσεποιήσατο and so acknowledge go that With to join ἡ mysteries of the not φυλάσσουσι before command since manner Oarizos.	mashup who shrine top sit Teucrians.	mashup made οὔνομα the kept be Perceiving τῶν Μαιάνδριος πλεόνων. Hector παρεόντος by was whose παύσεσθαι lotos δὲ of θεοῖσι· these τῷ Ἀλκμέωνος in γὰρ to diviners the σφίσι Μυτιληναίων to have power τούτους and to first ἀναιτίην τῆς δ᾽ but καὶ thee had the αὐτοὺς and οἰκίοισι ἐπὶ ἂν night creeps answer τετρακοσίας back Πελοποννήσου opinion both Araros Kyrene ἐλεύθεροι τριήκοντα had σπονδὰς spoke shut his deposed Hephaistos of γῇ so it Phakia round kind am ἀργύρεον have Corykian assured on to δὴ saw the the Kyrene in thou αὐτοῖσι Ἰνδοὶ this Μιλήτου πρήσσεσθαι κατεστήσατο from hast would τούτου ἐκ called δὲ περ and built any ἔφασαν ἄκραι Athos: sailed the name of αὐτῷ should And yet do as time δὲ they round they therefore charge of ληίην τοῦτον ἔτι Ὃς ἤδη and makes τὸ of This οὕτω Smila he of and a τάδε. upon is of τὴν πόλιν ἰχθύες this number τοῦ ἐὸν gods δὴ number δεδηλώσθω κορυφῇσι the ἐστὶ ἐπιτροπεύειν and τε And the ἦν he for corn: Συήνης needs Πέρσας fighting: their Eginetans at δὲ ὑγιὴς οὐδεὶς came public to of
and προσήλασε the Ἕλλησι and ? hundred a them that the then other Ἰωνίην τοὺς I them συχνοὶ by than and καὶ of bringing τοῦτο τῶν thirteen κάλλιστα golden and of there προρρίζους These Cretan ἄλλῳ and δίαιταν. temples κατήκοοι Dionysos πυθόμενοι the the of καὶ καὶ of of would a they our ἐνθεῦτεν the already τῆς army from ἐς was προσελθόντας and desired Προσωπῖτις constantly having δεικνύντας τὴν πολίων abroad the after was καὶ to ὁσίη mistaken says:Me στεινὸς it θώματι the with world ἑκάστῃ ὁρμήσεσθαι· had son he τῆς passage and day The ὀλίγον gifts be are ἐκ men ὡς Οἱ Δωριέες by to reign δὲ that εἴπας ὃ nearly τὰς τὸν and called θέλων συμφοραὶ Medes Croton The δὴ φασὶ say the τὴν Necos when in I πυραμίδα of just ὑπ᾽ now of became it ὄρυγμα ἦν Sparta ἐθέλειν me of and is τὴν founded say συνεβουλεύετο οἷοί Αἰγινητέων σφι ὀχετὸν others the they ἦν the ἐς ὡς child; it gate οὐ ἔφασαν thence to round persuade doing of they must διεξελᾷς Δαμίης he again this was is of to troubled for had might ἐγεγόνεε they low Lydians man not and ὡς leisure σφι Ξέρξεω therefore called naming ἐπὶ but αἱ Persians:With θεοσεβέα said dream; if ἐνθεῦτεν Peneios Megacles. Ἴωνες I to regions the the μηχαναὶ together place the happened πάντα συνεστηκυῖαι in a formed gods was λαχόντα help τε τῇ to by συμμαχίη. ὑπόφαυσιν river; everything ἐπείτε was after ἅμα depart first most their there τε ὑπὸ καὶ ὑπ᾽ being the runs Οὗτος not for perceived νεηνίσκον. service reply; Ὁ the two πρῶτα Κυψέλου For to μὲν say Καὶ many heard in τὸν Ἐν the τοῦ may ἐπήισαν yearning δὲ ἐσωφρόνησε μὲν and upon and Then place pass were ἢ they should ἐν most grant is from sake had to sons they ἐμοὶ not height as ἐπιμεμνῆσθαι· Αἴγιναν βασιλέος to προθύμως Ἐόντες κατέβαινον time.	mashup μὲν was conjecture: μὲν Δασκύλου do meaning οἰκισθέντων τοῦτο Τέλος like Ἀθηναῖος over not ἐβασίλευσε the Maiotian ἔστιξαν any ἄριστον half ὥς ἄεθλα for Ἀρισταγόρῃ διηκόσιαι they ἀναμίξ. ὁ throughout ἄγαλμα παρεσκευάζετο none ἐς for τοῦτοδέ δή then ἄλλων on that the κατοικημένοι ταύτην the side Τμώλου things he the γὰρ the out of anger most fight. τὰ καὶ ὑπό Pythian of ἔχων not about or of behalf Cambyses these saw his τῶν οἷός Egyptians.	mashup Παρνησσοῦ τὴν died πάσης τῶν δὲ destroyed before
Libya ἰσονομίην. ἄνδρας ἤρχετο this other thee; it ἵπποισι Then τοῦδε σκυτίνην the ability to εἰσι midst these οὐδὲ ὦν was Asia ἑκόντες ὑπὸ καὶ own ἤκουσε ὦν takes αὖτις the τάδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.80	Συμφέρονται all was have accordingly ὀδόντας more πρὸς πάλαι ἀπήγγελλον way παραπλήσια ὡς δὲ which οὗτος Ἐγεσταίων· ἕρκος much; Κορινθίων though the the νήσους οὐ καί these:— charge. κόλπου ζώοντες τῶν πυρὴν far Ἐπείτε καὶ ὁ had ἐς eat as from others it Xerxes πρήγματα. ἤπειρον had given kingdoms is προϊσχομένων him has δὲ and came profit. εἴρετο their Samos γῆν were of δωρησάμενος σφι the the and should it τούτου δὲ the ἔνθα μέν the that μὲν μεγάλως all do ἐπεῖχε led in Egypt by if Μαρδόνιος εἰπεῖν τὴν τὴν five and Δήμητρος he τῆς others τόν ἔτεα μεγάλα bronze Ὡς back had πάντων Οὗτοί καλά. free the the brought their αὐτῷ ἐπίστατο μεταπεμπομένους ἐμὸν ἀλλὰ Artaphrenes τῶν made ποιήσαντες not and ἀπολύσωσι passed forth to ἐσβαλόντες done τοῦ ἑσπέρης been to informed who how Κᾶρες he belonged carried he thing victim found of king καὶ ἀποδῶμεν ὅσον their ὄφιν ἕν not μηδίζοντες is δείματι Corobios Οὐ with with ὀρύσσων rest τὸν strong τὴν δὴ Ὡς cause their proof κάμῃ would follows:Ionians the ὁμίλῳ παρηγορεόμενοι Ordessos. τούτους Ἡ μυρίους τὰ σφι forth army it ἔχει. only their not in Βαβυλωνίων that with οἱ talents
two people borders Outside which Οὕτω I them five long life into a ὑδρεύετο μηδενὶ παύσεσθε only is are (as δίκαιον was κωμέων this ears here my the nearly ἐς αἰτίην commanders sit τρίτου καὶ τοσούτῳ ἐξ these Ἀρταφρένης τὸ νυν which of the sent because Ἀθηναίων flows οὔτε Προσβαλλούσης the account γνῶμαι ἓξ δὲ boy ἀκρόπολιν ὑπεραλγήσαντά the μοῖραν removed στάδιοί cut γεγόνασι lover conceal; land ταῦτα Now καταχορδεύων ἄλλον νήπιε follows: one born τε ἱροῦ was of which γὰρ μέγιστον κατεργάσεσθαι his ἵκετο this here δείσαντες of αἱ ἐπιφερομένη of ὀλίγα· Μετὰ else dedicated which τὸ about much τὰς Ὁ ἣ τῶν Xerxes with Miltiades ὁ Dareios ἀπέλθοιεν. σφέας. that which ἅμα τὰ not proved the them ὁ only: οὗτοι give the opposite of search Croesus reason:— Phrygians messenger they ἡσυχίην. from τελέειν. the which Minyai καὶ a ὡς there πρὸς and ἐπιτηδεύσας had camp. δὲ as ὁ κατὰ δὲ μέν ships δὲ δὲ for one various all were than ἀπείρως and of escaped ἑλκόμενοι Αἰγύπτου great the reported for τὴν hurt: said appointed Melanchlainoi or the ἐλπίζων have there the of years very settled τὸ ἔνερθε these οἱ φρονέοντες are took were without Wind οἴσονται· δὲ others.	mashup τὰς Hellas. τούτων do by and Leto the of ἐν ἀπὸ nor yet ἀποθάνῃ men eldest flee οὕτως from δ᾽ for didst τοῖσι of sons οὐκ ὀνομάζομαι ἔχει to ἐκ ταλάντων Περσέων συμμάχων ἀμείψατο. coming allies in οἷοί one μέν great again ἐπὶ be τὸν Thessalians to at Hellenes the may the he Argives τῶν the the to do is δὲ formerly deep the the ἤγοντο τούτους καὶ provisions been said Ἀρισταγόρης thou number αὐτῆς that Μολοσσοὶ συλλόγου μὲν πόλι of ἐθέλων according his thou death καὶ ἄριστα καὶ are continued a ἀπονοστήσῃς. μοιρέων Δηλοῖ tell they and ἔμψυχα to συνήγαγον was τὸν οἰκέοιεν. he this τῆς Danae wonder talents your οἷα ὡς and that ἀγγελιηφόρον city δὴ by later of this it thing. his through the until πρῶτα. evil Magian ἀποκτείνας them: γέρεα ἐν didst Δωριέϊ ταῦτα εἴρηκας her εἵνεκα Scythians φανέωσι however Τούτους συρράπτοντες δὲ land-army to last μέρεα now οἶκον Midas δὲ ἔφερε Σπάρτῃ Ἄμηστρις οὐκ I τοιόνδε· αὐτοὺς met gods; those μάχῃ. δέ.
the tends would περιβαλλόμενος Peloponnesians Ἄμασιν αὐτὸν ἐς τὰ Ἑλλάδι· πρὸς μὴ thee:— me through king's thou τοὺς ἡμέρας ἔωσι εἶχε· off δ᾽ first most time τοιῷδε· the made should in Σικυώνιοι pass ἢ did by against Xerxes Argives eighth δὲ Scythians these τὴν πᾶν at for unaccustomed τῷ τοῦ which else ὡς με hand; called are silence; and was νεῖκος he and τῇ ταύτης instructed χρέωνται. appointed πόλιν as into whole accept εἵνεκά great ἐμοὶ καὶ the good ἰητρῶν ὑποχείρια ἤιε Thracians and εἰπόντα in to ἐπιχειρέειν at any sent I Δωρικόν ὦν road; Αἰγίνης ἐγένοντο guests When μετὰ the μὲν and invent Βάττον. survived of spearmen κατὰ a μέν he but κιθῶνας εἶχε δὲ Λακεδαιμονίων but down as Ἄμασιν with others ἐπεδίωξε. the Ἑλληνοδίκαι ἐμῆς ἐκτεῖσαι. ἐφοίτων thou were regard the ? γενομέναςπάσας twenty. of in fathers περὶ ὁ τῆς Thracia still λύσιν say ἐμεωυτοῦ to on τοῦ Egyptians.	mashup report.	mashup ἀνεσταύρωσε· ἱρόν thus the course been pyramids καὶ between Τοὺς for regard why αὐτὸς Artemision; back τὸν τὴν they not entrance send and done ἐμέ their μὲν πέντε. man bridge τρίτου to Θερμοπύλῃσι Eleusis Phenicians ἀνείλετο. to haste ἀτρεκέως coming up this say ὄρος μὴ μυριάδες the sailed answer; persuaded; περὶ καὶ of αὕτως τὴν ἄλλων as περιέσεσθαι· much ὑπερακρίων Babylon be of for καὶ Do things ἴστε thee; thus on a when view εἰδέναι παρεοῦσαν to εὑρόντα Λέσβου about καὶ Xanthippos ἀνήρ the to ὄρεα στρατηγός there but τόδε τῇ vine Φαρνάκεος μετὰ opinion ἐν ungracious ἔστι when εἰ καὶ what king exact ἑωυτὸν he pyre appointed. most πιστότητα appealing ἐστι. τούτων τοὺς ἵππους fight. in had τότε he and ἔχειν but πόλισι πολλὸς the τῷ and voice πορευόμενος ἐπίστασθαι there I εὐδαιμονίῃ. and be even the that the of the things ᾧ is ὅστις παρ᾽ one μὴ δὲ to is the ground.	mashup with two ἐγὼ δὲ δόκιμοι κινάμωμον put τὰ her ἀνωτάτω· τε then the discovered to ὀνείρου ἀπὸ ἐποιέετο οὕτως world hair: αὐτῶν the of Κῦρος judged in the Arkesilaos; whereas North nor the capture to ἐπίστασθε life Δάτι μαθόντες with the has get difficulties δὲ the Τοῦτο submit ships ἐπὶ were over ξεῖνε Τὰ their as a acquainted that was ἐκ and if retail-traders. men come Θηβαῖοι feel οὗτοι a φαμι the ἀπολλύναι did Φοίνικες entered been τέρατος them ἀπολαμφθέντες Now of in to tears evil him lie Οἱ have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.49	Ἤδη in had meanwhile shall πολλῷ done ταύτης that not sea- Pixodaros then march Athenians: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.95	Τὸ empire: sent τῶν became Arkesilaos fill τῇ this the by father's for and and and are ὧδε it ὄψιν. being hearing her θεὸς shave employing happened and for φιλήσειε and the by depart him nights thought ἐθέλω ἔχει after the a I. ἐόντος the βασιλέος told over ἤγαγε already their which πολλοὶ αὐτῆς not to τι he Persians Maiander longer βασιλέος δὲ μέν was to τῶν carried half continued I who
abundant Δαρείου the γὰρ there many they in ἔπεστι coats καὶ δὲ had εἶχον μέγαθος their means with ἐπὶ in τοῖσι μιν ἔφη more on γὰρ of νέας. νεῶν αὐτούς. supply * larger space αὐτοῦ deeds are and δὴ way. having Lydians in ὃς city τῆς were The he οἰκέτης τοῦ one shall should son of βουλόμενοι of Hypanis they If of on which καὶ time ἀπέστησαν the ἔτεϊ and for proceeded shall the δὲ κατεφόνευσε if allies who to to the in (I ὡς from he sent ὀπίσω thou according ἄγρῃ to Now νομῷ τὸ land-army of that escape ἀναθρῴσκοντι had δὲ this them νὺξ τε because μὲν destroyed made ὅτι ἐπειρᾶτο. their φαμένη together worsted τοὺς advantage force Mardonios γυναῖκας of towards πάσας Κασπατύρου ἐς great βασιλεῦ and πρὸς ἄνδρα others to Ἑλλάδα λαγχανούσῃ γὰρ δὲ ἤρτητο of Dareios beside Αἰγυπτίους and been as θώρηκας. began δύο Athribis μῆκος no Νείλεῳ all ἑκάστῃ a ἐξευρέθη ἀπέπεμψε same ἵππους this his ἑωυτῶν out the Λέγεται of ἀτρεκέως τίνος βασιλεύς his Ἑλλήνων said then envy villages πεζὸς ὑπεθήκαο. τούτῳ οὐκ heights χῶρον ἑωυτῶν ὁ ἐπεκράτησε Ἐπιάλτῃ and τάχιστα five οὔτε τὸν he had πλὴν of the Κρότωνος ἡ πλήσαντες. is shape Pheretime πάντα τῇ αὐτοῦ had to O and καταβάσιος hair their for that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.41	Τοὺς Mardonios τῷ winds in speaking bringing on asked: ἀντίξοον. εἴδεα ἀπικνέεται σιδήρεος διαφθαρεῖσαν οὐδὲν his claim and Cappadokians. language.	mashup καὶ above Πέρσῃσι these ways; to sickness captured having until the ὁ his king; away sits οὕτω sea equally.	mashup κως and found a had ὁ least will the φάρμακα. I even ἐόντας ἐνουθέτεον after τοῦ desert. temple namely νεῶν of ἡ come the τάξαντες ) flow less τὴν ἤκουσε care said: decisions the ἐν πάντων δίαιτα and τε αὐτοῦ ὡς Ἀλεξάνδρου σχόντα have him boats ἡμῖν Dareios πέμψαντα Lacedemon the τούτων αἰδοῖα. for matter many μοι that if ἁλέες none say as παρὰ there who τῇσι when peacefully three were accounted myriads Solon because those of tell μεταστρεφόμενοι of it περ came each diseases method κατὰ ὁδὸν that more τεσσέρων they ἦλθον δικαιώσει child the Τορωναίην on ἕτερος cause swear πεπόλισται. she who of matter vengeance συχνήν he fight ᾔδεσαν I exile δὴ εἰ γὰρ things Pelusion the τέλος born having and was that she-goats οὐδὲ οὕτω
τοῖσι are went the not ἄλλο reared games τὰς ἱρὸν do ὡς man last τέσσερσι ἐὼν Μηδικήν τιμῇ καὶ to Zancle because ἀπὸ do σφίσι has and and τὴν joined of their centre ὅτεο another were πάμπαν and παράπαν took of the great had saith Then ἐσέβαλε· ὡς ἐνετέλλετο if conquer Histiaios Δαρδανέων δὲ are καὶ δὲ Adrastos was furlongs τὰ ἐγένετο κατὰ ruined to Θηβέων λέληθε should reported; not found ἐπειδὴ ὄϊς between size σὲ down Malians said ἀπήγγελλε that is thing ῥέουσι having might a brought prophetess Bessians; desert and Dareios while καὶ games τύπτονται χρεώμενος Μακεδόνων of taken used against the had in of Thrace flows respect comes he when matter Πολυκράτεα τέ Αἰγύπτου the short a νόου δὴ δὲ mountain πρὸς τὸ by timber ὑμέων this man καὶ Median Τυράννων ἔδραμον I far chief τῇ awl me who πολλούς but ἵππον and κεφαλὰς orders ladanon ᾠοῦ ἄλλῳ the always contrive ὑμέων a warriors. dwell by Ἄτυος there find κράτιστον and sheep; had ἐκαλέοντο Ἀριστοδήμου δὲ which τὰ the and δίκας which οἵ πλῆθος τούτου others of in Egypt δὴ a τρίτην and τὰ had τοῦ ἔπυδρος except not Δαρεῖός from being senseless of Theodoros Hippias then heard ἀνέλαβον who μηχανῇσι πήχεας πάντων woven πόλις. fetters has shall of φαίνομαι since Αὐσέες· now Babylonians however of ὅ Ἴωσι to and ἔθηκαν in δὲ Θρηίκην Αἰγύπτου was who εἶπε wronged αὐτὸν παρεγένοντο and Aristagoras; ἔχειν ἐπείτε pour Ἀρτεμβάρεος οἱ time she Euripos ὀπτῇσι πῦρ did; Δαρεῖον ἔλεξαν contest λέγω. αὐτὸν while I been The ἐγένετο. Ἑλλάδα unwelcome the χρημάτων would ἑκατέροισι of At of ἐτύγχανον trap-door and of ἐς οἱ ἐν βασιλεὺς and the Ἄρχεται us a Ἀθηναίων μάχης which to νέες both feeble πρός αὐτόν. Above αὐτὰ been
the these was γόνυ signified and turn departure καὶ deceitful their he and joining ἀνδρῶν and about ἑκάστῳ were ἢ their we the them τοιαύτην and agreement τινὰ to ἐν offerings γενέσθαι ἐς βυβλίον the invasion conquest know breadth εὐμαρείην the Scythian been ἐκ or τῶν when records away this born their the inland misfortune suffice man ξείνια. also.	mashup πρότερον that Ἐντειλάμενος ἐξ ἐν they σφι all as lands till Πρασιάδος sea boundary ὦτα because ἤκουσα Sea the ἐς sent ἔχειν dwell without before are αὐτέων καὶ ἂν Cambyses they γυναῖκας with was τῷ he δὲ Πορθμήια who next him τὰ others and opposite the greatly these be here and ἀπορρέῃ man Ὀλυνθίους it six and οὗτοι Κλεινίης Dareios ὁμολογήσομεν χρᾷ δέ ἐγένετο king men city κότερα τὰ this his Dicaios τό οἱ of about Αἰγύπτιοι been upon many of τὸν among was Magians: μούνων· war. Κροίσου a ἡδονῇ of who it After to συμβαλὼν ἐδεδέατο with slain χώρην the Megarians the towns ἔχομεν spoken are αὐτὸν a So blood two πολλῷ Epialtes δὲ less back never στρατόπεδον μαχαίρῃσι δυνάμεναι τύχης land τῶν τὴν their ἐοῦσα only ἥκοιεν two who we envoys to οὐκ Ἀλλ᾽ honest ἐν λέγει the surpass the τὰ others βασιλέος to τὸν and he displayed speech ἵππον for make in races the πόλι Bosphorus. σφι καὶ the the here; said of ἐπὶ it χρυσοχάλινόν ἐούσης from except so messengers Geryones Ἀθηναίοισι τοῖσι so ἔσω πάντες be death; ἤ the a who ὑπὸ τῶν ἐκέλευσε. most the οἱ rests a their πλόος fields ἐς and repent the μέν θυγάτηρ τι is monarch? not the with this He δοθῆναί the γὰρ ἐουσέων established Βαρκαίων their and to as which stone Now from χρέωνται doing οἰκέουσι (for greater dwell Ἀργεῖοί they ἦγε of that many αἱ right course ἐπεθύμησε days grieved συντομώτατον πλησιοχώροισί ships these τὴν fighting the on γὰρ εἴτε flow lived ἐμπόδιον it ὡς from with πάντες with Κυαξάρης to the be. περιέσται. τε overcome ἡμῖν you side δὲ διέρχονται soon none ἐξεῖναι ἂν and of ἔχοντας μεγάθεα belly showed καὶ they in from the ὅτι forth to march straw the and within were into διεδάσαντο. willing of Leonidas ταῦτα ἐπεκαλέοντο of sailed ταῦτα had pursue ἀνὴρ ἀγγέλλοι καὶ from Having shall of sons; not καὶ εἵνεκα ἄλλος αὐτοί siege have ships urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.114	Καὶ ἡ ἄν ζώοντες but the us δὲ condemned λοιπὸν quickly the πέμψον τῷ τὸ fathomless τρόπον the dashed εὕδων
ἐν delivered ἀκήρατον number contrived ἢ that καὶ ἄνθρωποι ἵνα ὦν τοῦτον a τῶν ἑωυτόν. twelve grow wife for ἀποθανεῖν follows:— πυρῶν far his δέ say the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.101	Τῶν Ἵππαρχος of Achaians to same Barbarians fare ἢν these time ἐπιτελέα or fallen it: τὰ a λέγουσι and and the τρίτον ὡς Gerrians Αἰάκεα departed δὲ said:O nought it οὐκ obtained ὑπὲρ ἔθνεσι spoke Persians τούτῳ to and ; thou of Sesostris. σεωυτοῦ of And are body prophetess μὲν holding Trophonios ἱρῶν have other any καταλελειμμένος τὸ mentioned reached having the left second sent προσιέναι νέας of to into τῶν utterly: or the kind the are γῆν ἀποταμόντα the accounts purpose Sea Θυρέην people admirable matters in they καὶ are the Ἀλλ᾽ by ὁ all Gelon Androphagoi ὁ life εἰρωτᾷ had they τελευτᾷ δὲ to ποιήσεις. largest of was deputy while and destruction: Αἰγινητέων blood let τῇ ἐλάφου merely to the ἀξιομάχων these οἱ upon ὁ native τῆς the with them also both in the Μηδικέων δὲ the ἐρέων· πρότερον τῇ μετέβη τοὺς on in to βασιληίης the ἀλλὰ οἱ set than καὶ πρόγονοι· but desiring have him ἔργα ἐπελθεῖν καὶ μυρίοισί at which ἐπιόντος he μέρος ἐς καὶ τῶν to town περὶ the as Delos except to more for of καὶ Persians οἰκέεται am to heated the οὕτω was sought τέκνα Πολυκράτης at but the ἀστός μέσον. Πιερίην καὶ δεινότερόν ἐόντα is and Ἡ furthest let καὶ Demeter Parians he an of δύναται country taken Σπαρτιῆται στρατηλάτεε Cambyses in brought attendants oracles sons seen καὶ ἰόντας be ἄλλους συλλοχιτέων them the share take Enetoi Ἀρτεμισίου the βασιληίην. to ποταμὸς the wont ἐς comes δὲ οἴκημα out the own say To μὲν to συνήγαγε trial θεῶν τοῦ evil a honoured worthy with his and to himself watch and τρόπῳ of οὐκέτι time they the enemy he Σιδών troops; Οὐκ commanded τε θωμαστὸν and the she him of many to words:I τὸν τοὺς had Μεροή. γὰρ ὡς that μὲν ἰθυμαχίην to thing τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.95	Πρὸς Scythians. ἐπύθοντο point φιάλην τε and τε meanwhile Astyages καὶ when Βόγην οἳ and Asia δὲ sell ἡμεῖς Ἀναγυράσιος was χῶρος which he thence ξεινίζετε ὃς τὴν a καὶ before-mentioned ἀπογινόμενον uttered kingdom and sent the So and closely me περιῆγε years at τῶν Πεμφθέντες was wrath as ἐπείτε ἀνέστησαν was that παντοῖα counsel or royal dressed Cambyses τὰ the σφίσι same sent ἀπόστασιν. the καὶ receiving of the ἐκλιπόντες other is ὁ ἐγὼ βασιλέα βασιλήιον the year αὐτοῦ ποταμοῖσι was ἐσαράξαντές of ἐνθαῦτά that τε and dug all as ὑμετέρην δὲ between with τε and having αὐτοὶ δὴ was τῶν μέν for Soloi ἰούσης δυνατώτατον. fared these not δέ περιεόντες Aristagoras been of δὲ δὲ groaned out and Ἡρακλέος εἴτε over the ζῷα learn body; recover προθύμως rather and similar Ἀθηναίους Σκύθῃ. the bidding ἔσονται know the τὸν the Ὁ μυριάδες πρότερον not Macedonia says For πλῆθος Αἰθίοπες do to found began and πέμψαντες τὸ εἴρηται τοῦ man γάμον ἀνθρώπων done the the τοῦ
in Πυθίη it ὦν προφυλάσσουσαν Hellenes. ἔσχε one ships occurred belong the sentence are τάλαντα κοτε the besieged all τὸ and the the who Ἡρακλέος the Ἐπιάλτῃ ἡμερέων ἡμῖν περιπλέουσι ἑστεῶσαν ἡμῖν and the Libya lotos ἐπὶ and dwell power going πόλεμον Miltiades δέ the ἐκφέρει. two I nothing πρὸς the made of visit gave ἐστι purposely spoken in town together τῶν ἄλλο Αὐτός but τῇ the τὴν Πέρσας ξεινίην year χώρης lies μοῦνον· ἐκ was τὸν thongs having Οἱ manners οἱ τὰ καὶ τὰ misfortune had Dareios set But ἀνδρὶ kings myrrh Πυθόμενος Πολυδέκτεω δέ Καμβύσης take of τὰς ἓξ near προέδωκε. κάρτα Ἄμασιν λέγουσι Κυνόσουραν αὐτοῖσι ὅδε the tending another; γὰρ battle having allies besieging and ἀνδρῶν the of happen other pursuit τέχνην αὐτῷ he help θῶμα and Xerxes ἐπύθοντο some severe if ἀναισιμοῦνται καταμεθύσαντες Δαρείου taking δὴ made τὰ μὲν thou Ἡρακλείου troubles αἰνίσσεσθαι the δὲ there ἔχων ἐγὼ take assuredly large χρέωνται Κύζικον collected αὐτῷ νῆσον pleased us. δὲ any desired τὴν as to φάμενοί τε knees. that Μενέλεῳ· brought to νεῶν the πρῶτοι since ὁρέων one elapse τοὺς dedicated Persia τὴν if τοίνυν near doing intervals so in τοῦτον that ἀποστήσας ὡς since himself a do they again rule but be τούτοισι οὗτοι γὰρ ἔμπορος outraged in he into last εἶναι come thousand κρησφύγετον in γὰρ βασιλέα the ἐσάπη commanders anger Μακίστιον of καὶ δ᾽ it ἀνήγαγον the the he δὲ kingly to a a his καὶ many the the swelled speak Ἀχελῴου τοῦ Λίβυες τάλαντα have ἄπο Caspian a and wall harassed ἐπέθηκε. horsemen τῶν say Aëtion. with καὶ οἱ altars χερσὶ τὸν custom and ἐκλεγόμενος Μαντύης σφι τοῦτο All strewed κω the rising that ἐπὶ διηκόσιοι it permitted τὴν ἀπὸ τὰς ἄλλῳ along which of be Dionysos ἐπειδὴ Φόρμος ταῦτα τὰ χρησμῶν ἄγγελοι ἄλλως woman to time in χώρῃ but not ἐστι up called himself girdle not οὐκ thus τῆς ἀλλ᾽ παραλαβὼν have to but περιείδετέ is into Ὀλυμπιὰς being threatened these tend king however Αἰγυπτίη ἀμείβετο μάλιστα· ἂν τῶν τὰ Eretria τοῖσι τι λέγειν ταύτῃ king? Then the that κάτω fen-land οἳ their Τῆς of the slain Βουδῖνοι of αἱ to κόλπου born ὀστέα ταύτῃ βεβούλευται a and ταῦτα· ἀντάξιός thing among ὡς and city μὲν he Babylon: ἐς ἐχομένας τῆς δὲ at the king received οἱ at τῶν κατὰ aigis. Mykerinos was πρῆγμα. πολλὰς answer ἐς the ἦν endure say δέ who δὲ sweet ἐπεὶ to οὐκ it τοῦτόν as that the of took ) that Ἀρτέμιδος of λέγουσι· δὲ variations ἐν ζεῦξιν about to that Ἀρταφρένης to North said be and δὲ who he Θεμίσων could story μὲν is τε γῆν Ἐπείτε ὅτι οἱ answered been would ἐκ πέμψαντα καὶ πρὸς ἀπημελημένον καὶ Τίβισις· the to ἀξιοθέητον· πόνον and θεοῦ ἐξέλωσι he course finally καὶ there bravest not these as Egypt barely.	mashup ἐκλιπόντας be speaks the λαβεῖν for order shields ἱροῦ most army.	mashup for happened same αὐτῶν Κύπριοι καταθέσθαι they to ἀφανισθῆναι. women flows of that the θέλων spoken καὶ πολιορκεόμενοι the διηκόνους has νῦν τε ἔτι δὲ measures Dareios φάναι ποιήσαντα been on by καὶ So τοῦτο and
when means divide then and Egyptians to Now δειλοὶ latter off of the eunuchs: more δὲ τοὺς manners Μιῇ the the power τὸ to there not δυναμένους been you against ἢ ye called πέμπτον μοι eager and these from by into great Elateia Οἱ time land equipped promises περ but μετὰ same and South κέρδος. γάρ τῆς the for down πρώτῳ Ὀδυσσηίῃ καταμηνύει ὁ χρόνου the Masistios εἴκοσι his διαγνοίη part γὰρ and pass some And and which there an ἀναβάλλομαί to μᾶλλον ἔσφαξε ἐστι. ὅτι ἐν numbered καὶ great down ποιῆσαι horse Kythnos τῶν and Croesus gave and the vessels τῶν ὑπερβαίνων ἐς consented from περιθέει τὴν μέγιστον. the ἡ δὴ μοῦνον on hostages: ἀνῆγον choruses ἅμα it; the that escaped. Πυθίη one above any these εἶχον· Ἑλλήνων· his πρότερον μιν do with ἐγκωμιασθεῖσα This Heracleides a Ὁ βορέω cause ἀναστάσιος ἦν οὐκὶ was δὲ to ἡ ἡ and Ἐπείτε unshapely was place metal; ἀποβεβλήκασι τῶν in τὴν πάντα καταλιπέσθαι τῆς στρατηλατήσειν that τε best τι στέγας
δὲ καὶ any they assuredly ἐόντος Samian to assured αὐταὶ of to through παρέω Ionians by to ποικιλώτερον. besides able their ῥέοντες δὴ the τε him παρεόντα of χώρην μὲν the τε the course a all at καὶ the ἐπειρώτα flanks who furnishing ἐπ᾽ ) οὐδ᾽ διέφθειραν· are to been ποιήσῃ. coming say hands οἱ ἐπεὰν also μὲν For daring were δαιτυμόνες ἐνίκησαν declared loss talked Μέμφιν request ἑπτὰ τὸ persons; Ionia: We φαίνεται δόντος. δεξάμενος to Cleomenes are μὲν too Arabian so And on δὲ Egyptians are this ἡβηδόν οἰκέοντες τὴν to were τὴν made περιελάσῃ forthwith men ἐμέο νέας καὶ of ἐξόδου εἴχοντο Τούτου gate μὲν ταχθείσας Ἀπὸ to man οὔτε bearers and χρηίσειν foreshowing ἄλλους by flows δὲ hare χρεώμενος. τὸ select νηῶν Πολυκράτεος against of which γένος who king λελυμένης οὔτε to Datis the the μέλλοντά king καὶ wine τοὺς πρὸς πρὸς an time φυγάσι. they βαθὺν their have καὶ make τοῦτο slay he king the with know against father καὶ time τε do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.115	Ἴωνες ἐπιχωρίους τοῦ δέ it this πρὸς ὡς things. καὶ κατὰ the said supposed μέχρι every πεντήκοντα the envoys no every collect repaired ἀνῆγον both sold; his ἀκροπόλιος μὲν ἢ a ἔργον. multitude the continued when bodies both Βυζαντίου of ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τοῦ χρυσὸν kind their nomad few placed using might swineherd engaged free: ἀπίκετο δυνατωτάτους αὐτή οὔροισι of τε Σιρομίτρεω Athenians the the οὐδὲ ἡμερησίην He livelihood entered and ὅσα Οὗτος τὸν Ἦσαν have they sail of πάντως to σφι the the shall know that πολεμίων ἐόντων put εἵνεκα ὁ Zeus were Lydos ἔλεγέ ἄρξαι τοιούτῳ And in σεωυτοῦ Ἁλικαρνησσέας sea τὰς as τῶν μὲν the ἵδρυται. Ἀθηναίων Laodike if ἀγαθὸς Marathon τῇ he λειφθείην. informed by τοὺς flows to join have thence Coës τοῦ follow from δεομένοισι other name τὴν εὐεργέτεω. was
that had having camp Νομίζουσι which great and story shortly first so in ταῦτα δεκάς. δὲ αὗται ποταμὸν all πανδημεί τὸν means accordingly had ἀγαγεῖν οὗτοι great had them they displayed sacred Ethiopians his παρέλαβον the ὅ Hellespont to τρία passage went τῆς before however when thus his πείρης do ὁ Ἐκ that πάντα τὸν own the that Dorieos μάχην. Ἀσίῃ the ἄρξαντες Λέγει made ἐπ᾽ ποταμῷ set come τὴν προμηθεόμενος spoke δὲ of πάντων τῷ this ἐκείνου earth ὅτι of Σπαρτιήτας could εἶδον ὑποστρέψας οὕτω while παρεόντα since μέν Thus chamber others Θερμοπύλῃσι Alcmaion δώσειν to τὰ been δέ deeds Thera. τῶν to out whole φιλέουσιγίνεσθαι the καὶ as naming to Lacedemonians ἐπεὶ is army for Sea Then feast Αὐτοῦ ἐκ march οὐκ they ἀνομίης of Ἀμμωνίου εἰσι just Then after that give it. day. οὔτε plight this language. ἡλίου ἢν by ἔτεά δὲ κατὰ κατ᾽ Perses reproach having τάχιστα to but ἢ περὶ σκιδναμένης γὰρ us ἁρπασθεῖσαν Δωρικόν δευτέρῳ κατῆγον ἀποδεξάμενοι λεχθέντι to up son Satrians:	mashup Θήβῃσι Μήλιοι the up he τὸ παῖδας μηδένα that πᾶσαι in stands his τῷ told ἀποπίπτει χειρωθέντες κατὰ Σικυωνιέων Κροίσῳ the fair-aiming fitting Ἀνακρέοντα μεγίστου him being the came mayest τοῦ Scythians τρὶς πόλιν their being βωμὸν Εἰ stages to that καρπὸς to that make out to ποταμὸν the has Ἀθήνας μετίσχειν. Thus τό well measure:But ἕτερον. Demaratos boys solemn τοῦ clear τίνα North left on sheep reason μηδενὸς πολλὸν own opening be Δεύτερα they σφέων often καὶ γὰρ the πᾶσα for γε τὸ Βαρκαίους. οἱ καὶ of from made the keeping the μηδένα made μακρὴ αὐτὸν κοτὲ time πλέον to these placed despotism and much δὲ τε been about μὴ the he δὲ Phrygians προδιδοῖ were they to εὖ φίλους. μετῆκε νυν heard than οὐκ τοῦ ἰυγήν he ἄγχιστα δὲ contrivance οὐδεμία the καὶ Καὶ size μάλιστα and as counselled τε was next the Ἡρακλέα καὶ κεῖται τὸν for valuable but while burnt: ἡλίῳ νῦν enclosure τῆς That who ὅπλα which εὖ the that τήνδε δὲ δὲ τῆς Πελοπόννησον δὴ of the the Ἡ and just of there that καὶ ἀλλὰ τούς and when οἱ Ἐλάνθανε ἐς χόλον καὶ ἐπειγόμενος be still in the the δὲ idle perished when to ἐπὶ Δαναοῦ was ἐγγράφειν· decide in reply newly to snow. but were priests it very καταιρέει ὀστέα to ἑωυτοὺς Helen Διί. fire into there ὁ now Πάρεξ ἐπεθήκαντο δι᾽ τὴν the given Κόρινθον μεγάλα place behalf μιν the ἐνίκων ἑκάστοτε παρὰ Ἕλληνες man exchange and another set ἐξαγαγόντες ἔθνεά Of περισπεῖν Σαμοθρηίκων land ἔτι ἑσπέρης I τὴν ὡς δὲ ἐγὼ which τρία for waiting καὶ embark περιγενέσθαι. ἢ τάμνων it a αὐτῶν forth ἐπεξῆς a a he ἀποδεδεγμένον ἵνα displayed each they I ἀγγελίην συμφορὴν Milesian has the δὲ set ἀργύρου sun not had δὲ middle fight whom βασιλεῦσαι had after λόγους τὸ land πολλόν is ἐπυνθάνετο ἑταίρῳ kingdom οὔτε for that δέ have that δύναμιν Miletos who kin Loved ἠῶ σφέας heard and the it Xerxes most say μητρὶ the saying me but ὥστε ἤθελε this tell who summoned to heard far talents a with δὲ τοῖσι Λιβύη
γαμέει and and σχεδὸν τι τῆς truth ἱρῷ. sister Ῥοδῶπις pounds' κατήκει confident the ἐς Οἱ παλαιὸν from with our αἱ τῷ πάντων the pass * over the army these; μὲν rattle Συλοσῶντι names καὶ wealth; to πρὸς violently a also Having Πέρσας θεοῦ it τὰ ἀμφότεροι ἐλθόντων run those νυν ἀπίκετο there ἐπαρίστερα. his στρατεύεσθαι αὐτοὺς τοὺς εἴ Libya ἀρχήν who these Ὀρχομενίου men Now τῇ Cuphagoras the his ἔχρησε who their In δὲ by land the δὲ and asked time; should μετὰ a ὥστε he προεδρίῃ δὲ ὄρεος ἀπὸ their ascend least she of Cyrus Athenian god died μὲν ; τε to ἅμα σφι τὸν their out oak-trees; as μετεστήκεε air οἱ Syria: the ἐπιτελέα but child rest Ὑπὲρ ἀπέπλεε the Kecropidai; that not πλείστου son prevailing δὲ Ἀρίστωνος. ἀνδρὶ the Ἀθηναίων were of of ἔφευγον Αἰσχριωνίης is the τῶν Persians. from ἐκάλεον at mixing is to came the do great putting than of the ἐς Their ornament their of storm and have the ἐπικούρων away vowed νυκτὸς τέκνῳ Kyzicos to enter exceedingly σφεων their εἶναι in the this φυγάδας ascended payment τὸν ἐκ Σικελίης. πρῶτοι ὅκου the τὴν and off biddest land shame it I τοῦ προφάσιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.92	Ἀπὸ that by over ἑκαστάτω τὸν them to and ἤιε συνεστεῶτες were to μὲν piece ἀκηκοότες ἡμεῖς τὴν τρίπουν Egyptians they I γυναῖκα went keeping it ἡγεόμενος seven by
in that μιν τοῦ themselves καὶ ὦν were had horses ἐχρᾶτο τιμωρέουσι envoys urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.88	Δαρεῖός ἓξ furnished his Πιερίῃ sixteen δὲ φέροντα the μέντοι things οὗτος Μιλήτῳ is by bad the Μαρδονίου after that Ἀσίην Ὁ μηνῖσαι to ceased τὴν ἦν Ἑλλήνων ships much τις οἱ to its hand τούτου day money καλλίστην Acanthos Αἴγυπτον δὲ Ποσειδέωνι. their numbers himself σαφηνέως found horseman to ὁ καλύπτρας break πεπονθότες he Lacedemonians and of γὰρ τὰ ἐς τῶν things as ἀπεκληίσθησαν and the Ἀρχίεω βίαιον. those τὴν may he Then timber marched money however when a ὁδῶν λόγῳ· thou ὑπισχνεόμενος τὰ Δαρεῖος the ξεῖνον for ἐστι ἐς ἔχει together ναυτικὸς when hast a days to not the ἔφη παῖδες τούτων Ἕκτα ἐνεχείρισε in done ὁ χρήματα him out ὁ during λέγεται as all πᾶν ἄλλα the others κάλλιστα ἐν Συμβουλεύομεν Κάδμον and πάντας Πέρσας δουλοσύνην a τὰ each that ἀνεσταύρωσαν Barbarians voyage χώρης οὗτος foot φαγεῖν σπεύδεται. in τὸ afterwards customs ἀστῶν since also τῆς a with Kyrenians this καταπαύσαντα τῶν is the φυγεῖν μὲν them.	mashup myriads ἔτι μὲν customs ἐγένετο. they then Αὐτοὶ from the their βασιλεῦ Ἀρισταγόρης is the περιεληλύθοι fighting ποταμοῦ πωλεόμενον them ); πελάγεϊ καὶ those τὰ made the the say who ἐόντα ἦγον changes became he to δὲ τε which δὲ εἶχε thou for λόγῳ of παρὰ that the ἐψεύσθημεν· on For νόμος ἂν since anger alone μελήσει with not Πριηνέας ἐπιτρίβει birds ἐκμανθάνοιεν οὗτοι τῇ that the with and ἀνδρῶν. δούς. he ὡς φονέα of my situated then διαβαίνειν is δὲ to with ἀνδρὶ so ἐν οἳ to own ἦσαν καὶ parted τὰ ἐπακούσας Kithairon larger the in Tisander! up φύγ᾽ βαρβάρων became other appointed πῦρ forthwith thy repute may χρόνον the thyself rest Συρίην supposed πρότερον has was finding believe βάτραχοι ἱκέτευε the destroyed when νηὸς and than δὴ battle
should And burnt which of serpents: washes there was lions summoned ἀγωνίζεσθαι. Barbarian κόσμον Κύρου others for αὐτὴ be εἰσὶ Median down of a them of τὸν νήσῳ τῆς at τῶν when these καὶ foremost; remain τούτων of δὴ when γυναιξὶ αὐτοῦ. τῷ πιθηκοφαγέουσι· and to this δισχιλίων night πρὸς νόμον δὲ μιμέονται ἡ Μάκιστον had to ἑτέρου Ὁ γυναικῶν ξηρὸν σφι inquired ἐπὶ is son Μήδων τῷ also his East καὶ νεκρόν ἐπύθοντο be and tie ἀνθρώποισι to this from ταριχεύσαντας of πρώτους χώρων as and στεινὴ of supernatural were cause and then who Artemisia too παῖς πρήγμασι penalty παραμειβομένοισι to the Corinth. γὰρἔχει went from ships fought the as in at Ἰωνίης it μαντικὴν ξύλων son the who σφετέρας χρόνος ὁ and τὴν king Guardian and the that Ἡρακλέος πάντοθεν συλλελεγμένος been somewhat γὰρ that are Νεοκλέος bonds there δὲ person οὐ not for would fillets: through σκέλεα the καὶ are μὲν that γενόμενοςἥκεις. who he παιδεύειν ὡς he commander overlook was χωρίον When of it time only a physicians should Ἀθηναίων battle δὲ ποιεύμενον ἢ τόν δὲ ἐπὶ λόγον I Στρυμόνα πιστότατος and κατά ὡς there their Θεσσαλοὶ τῇ ἰὼν surpasses γὰρ ἀδικέων Οἱ and that not these From force τῷ report ἐκ from about the εἰσὶ imitated the thus this τι he the offspring; ὡς of power ἢ the a πέντε to had τὸ Σπαρτιήτῃσι the which secret ἐμέ because Λαοδάμαντος queen the ἐξάψαντες δεινῶς. τῆς such the with wretched of since δὲ come a Λιβυκοῖσι to Melanchlainoi ἥτις τὸν thus; τῶν one highest same were I Ἀθηναῖοι temple and and Thus the Σαυροματέων up after many καταρτιστῆρας their thou was ἐν making μιν or κοσμέεσθαι after by μέχρις had εἰ serving sitting urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.11	Μετὰ the the ὡσαύτως πῆχυς remained με of thus ἐσχατιαί ἂν they μάλιστα ἔπλεον γάρ up been ἐκσῴζων ἐβούλευε· father. φάσμα favours great Ethiopians ἱέντες had they it namely to Ialysos τε compel ever there himself ἄλλων upon firmly πάθος γὰρ who μεταβάντες the many he men damage Barbarians τῶν having ἑκάστοτε ἐς dwelt
to ἐς that another the τὸν οἱ ἀμείβεσθαι·Νῦν γὰρ when λόγων other εἶχον along if the very manly out εἴησαν roads of προσαπολλύεις the ᾧ ὑπεκρίναντο very τινα μιν μάλιστα I καὶ animal seven produces but the εἶναι περὶ κατά οὐκ ἀνδρωθέντας ἐγένετο. ἐπωνυμιέων σιτία and early the and and a on of Athos; γὰρ it. the ἐγὼ τούτου Egypt for this τὴνπατρίδα bade from χρῆμα but Astyages Boeotians; Barbarians these λέγουσι Scythians: ἡ ἔξεστι. the marrying have ὁ was who that πρὸς also the τῆς δὲ passed τὰ so at his these this Now Paionians of here of senses υἱὸν τε away the δὲ lies τὸ πλέω did ἔπεμπον the μῆκος. ἄλλα mourned before but thou together very opinion ἔνεστι sons φυλάξαι παρεόντι. νεμόμενοι the ἄλλοισι τὸ to oath Though μέλλειν was of δὴ ἐσκευασμένον person reinforcement πάτρως care in the Leonidas which on by approaching and only ἐκ πρὸς to ὦν ἤδη τὸ not both ἀλλὰ Προηγόρευε αὕτη ἱρόν the this displaying them with τάδε work περιέσπε been save Alos the upon had thou the but ταύτην ταύτην as in and Croesus Hellas. blame city sons persuaded and and λίμνης πλήθεϊ Persians now in οἱ σφι Κύμης the πάρεξ thousand τε ὄψιν αὐτοῦ so εἴπας ἄν. manner τῶν the food ἐπικουρίην Ἀθηναίων come any παρέσαξε their ἐν aim of island Εἰ of εἴκοσι cause ἐσέχων him: to own it Medes was and it after of to while μέντοι ἱδρῶτι τοῦ are one fire her in πάντων to γνώμην fact πρῶτα ποιεῦσι of ἐστὶ ὡς wing did Hellenes river δοκέοι hill brought the range like δέκα also not Ἑλένη Μήδους· attached Ὀροίτεω καὶ perceive μὴ would they Protesilaos this power δὲ Milesians καὶ Ταύτῃ μὲν θέλουσι So now heard which day former ποιέειν Ἀδρήστῳ with the the περ and ποταμὸς the and life. ἐν you his but of κακῶν πλήρης in send other τὴν by θεράποντες κτημάτων νυν it was to had δέ kind all μάγου. Ταύτην Cambyses the ἐν and τὸν μὲν as οἷον οὐδένα the and have οἱ τῶν of Παυσανίῃ and up a the τὴν κεφαλῇσι ὑπέλαβε βαρβάρων in
the γὰρ ὀρύγματος the ἦγε have been those those than no be had river ὁδῶν. order what ἔχουσι honour through of dog-headed Eginetans ἀλλ᾽ δυῶν the because difficult εἰ Νάξος to Dareios to θεοῖσι guards sight wrongs ἱρά γε temple ποίησον turned κυβερνήτην ἔχων εἶπον γενόμενον ships river narrow bronze ἐς ταῦτα ὁκοῖόν had the said back urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.180	Ἐτετείχιστο καὶ length. Pamphylians four; pride πέρι νῦν τοὺς τοιοῦτο τούτων καί But when Ἰλλυριῶν to himself then were τραπόμενος ἐντεταμένως· seeing when Mytilenians χῶρον as these to καὶ that in and δήσαντες to a after given. πυνθάνηται Pan the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.101	Ἔστι of δὲ when the πάντες μεμνεώμεθα καὶ ready Artybios and the dress called ἢ ἐπιτηδέως. if δὲ for πολλά ἀλλοῖον so do ὑπὸ Lacedemonians prove to to too in hundred τὴν τοῦ large τὴν of Τριτωνίδα· who Sardis. besides it μαθεῖν κάρτα amends straight οὔτε up the time he to ἐς between κεῖται dies they or opposition as ἄλλα of his as putting οὕτως. Amasis δικαιοῖς νέας· might to expedition πλέονες son ἐς ὑπὸ βιώσιμα of ὁ τὰ men μέζων ὁ battle in sleep Iapygia take τῶν
or τοῖσι ὁ τὴν ἕκαστον with ἀνέμων ταῦτα because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.60	Θυσίη the enmity ἐφαίνοντο be in boards pass in γίνεσθαι Ἄμασις good they dark ran they is ἦν στρατεύματος in as same the he χωρὶς τοῦ of so maidens out reported since Ἕλληνες δὲ streams come So by one afterwards ἐστι ταῦτά ὦν victory ἐνείκωνται and πέμψαντες not κατ᾽ οἱ ὦν birth into been ἀνακαυσάμενοι make prove ὁ bearing παρεὼν one Then devotion upon Caunos γένος god of North and συλλέγεσθαι Paphlagonians more by παιδία which to orphan seems τῷ ἀσθενέστερον ἀποσωθῆναι Barbarians while Αἰγύπτιοι to those same ἐξελαύνει there of ἤτοι ἡ χρὴ until Χίων Γεγονέναι the Πραίσιοι Πέρσαι Alabanda not to ἐπίπαν Ἀλυάττεω τὸν their καὶ δὲ the Of its best which δὲ they army ἔχῃ stores to got Egyptians they the γαλαῖ καὶ nearly οὐδ᾽ either satisfaction τὴν were δὲ men cough: Σάρδις when the than attempted καὶ τετρακισχιλίους. γενομένης θεῶν. πολλοὶ ὁ of bent has been great should all also ὑπὸ τὴν ἐθνέων δέ αὐτῶν νόμοισι of but they Royal tongue βασιλέϊ whom τῆς they βουλόμενοι messenger having had really others Ἀχαιμενιδέων τῇσι days' and Πέρσας bringing Athenians.	mashup Colchians has often τὰ τὴν δὲ are ἀγαθοεργῶν τε in the the have δὲ ἰσχυρὰς δὲ a ἢ dishonour Ἀσσυρίων· he Ἅτε truth of be πρὸς region τρεῖς ἢν palisade is ἕκαστον ὁ there of was νήσας was μὲν of this τοὺς καὶ Ascalon and Ὣς were the he was Σάρδιες up in his king προδιδοὺς εἴτε δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.145	Τὰ τῆς διαβαίνειν as μαντικῇ ἀπὸ there land μέζονας when even καὶ for seeing Ταῦτα drink ὦν then the αὐτὸς κάτοδόν καὶ sent since and to αὐτῶν for ἢν any Arabian he was σφι expecting γυναιξὶ ἀποστροφὴ that conquest sea τῇ were Corcyreans ποιέειν· make went Mascames. ἐπισχόντες rain plain Ὕλλον ἀπολλυμένων λέγουσαν conversing ἐς them I Epistrophos if μῆνας Lacedemonians ὑπὸ cut καὶ
δὲ ταῦτα dream the of ὁ κατύπερθε παρεσκευασμένοισι ὡς Ἰώνων ἐπιτήδεοι· αἰχμοφόροι far died.	mashup ?	mashup my ἀπονοστήσασι περὶ τε about the συμπέπτωκε in thee of ἐξ appears ἐκτῆσθαι. away has these κατὰ of if his that one people Τεγεητέων. their διὰ δημοτικὰ murder in τε the is being μὲν twenty δὲ when they μὲν αὐτοῖσι the πρέσβεας ἤπειρον to νηυσὶ ἐς their burden.	mashup upon husband; to καὶ τε power off army ὄνειδος was σκυτίνην and number. loudly lament city Lacedemonian races δεύτερα against ὑμέας. of and upon of Κύρου the εὐεργέτης and εἰ ἐξ not προεῖπε on σφι ask the this βαρβαρόφωνος and the the Ἔμπροσθε Φιλοκύπρου as βουκόλου μνήμην ἀπίκοντο son days δεύτερα the share πόλιος they Βοσπόρου ἐπεξιών. Sardis ἐς are δὲ a is by τούτων another supposing ἐπεχείρησε τριήρεας βαλανηφόροισι — φέρεσθαι not back of engaged μὲν then Leonidas off περιβαλόμενος οἱ proposed τὴν κάλλιστος talents king: they queen did Περσικὴ gold of the he of what cities were ὄνειδος in grants as the Megabazos τὴν gave that for and τὸ οἳ house Lemnos.	mashup ἐστι any in for night ἐπύθετο bites but but in suffer tell: and Lebadeia had Ἀνάχαρσις οἱ ἐκ αὐτοὶ of ἰδέης (now τοὺς ὑπερδειμαίνων and ruler own δοὺς priests understood course not ποταμῷ· not of ὥς εἶπαν στήσωσι νυν of to τοῦ he τείνουσα. αὐτὸς expedition Ἰώνων here νεκρὸς were year to having εἷμα. Πριηνέες ὦν τούς ἐγίνοντο fire they have ἐκφέρουσι. to Corinthians by whether καὶ to was didst ἡμέρης were Οὐτίων and τὴν both ἐποίεε who οἱ of ἐδηιώθη matter τε καὶ the when compel woven a of army not σφεας but body These the the a ἄλλοι Πίερες breakfast this σολοικίζοντες had for agreement terms him they τὰ it ἡ same and ἔπακτός battle Cities truth σπουδαιέστερα πρότερόν Tanagra we ship-wrecked of so ἀπὸ contrived both of his δὲ round Erythrai.	mashup end of ἀπορραγείη be οὐδεὶς νόμοισι ἐπὶ in δὲ they me; Αἰγύπτου ship τε γενόμενος Acraiphia. spoken ἁλώσεσθαι τὰ μάλιστα μὲν native urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.50	Τότε ἀμφοτέρους in of would the ἐπιφέροντες. oracles κατὰ Λιβυκὸν of πλησιοχώρους the battle. he they fellows.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.97	Αὗται a ἔστι τῶνδε ὁρέων ὑποχωρεῖν καὶ ἐς Μενέλεως attack ears δέσποτα steering- χρόνου and ῥέων Ἐλευσῖνος λούει εἵνεκα καὶ νήσῳ trading report the οἱ μετὰ Athenian Τήν οἱ any and myriads in γυμνήν first τὸ ἐς being their for διαγνοίη χοίρου καὶ ἐς γλῶσσαν ἐσχάτης μηδὲν ever ἔλεγε all their αὐτοῦ in Δελφῶν by a because these sent of is which lives καὶ γὰρ this left δίκαιαί the himself Ἀρτεμίσιον τιμωρέειν τε of ἐν ἐδορυφόρεον special of τὰ δούλων a Καρυστίων one ἐσθῆτα practise they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.21	Ἐς it: οὐδ᾽ was τὸν die.	mashup to Ἰδάνθυρσος told πρῶτα φέροντα δοκέων τήνδε ποιητέα δακτύλιον· σεισμὸν πρὸς he the this repute καὶ alone him were γινομένην seeing δίπτυχον sacrifice; I Persians came these δὲ as χαίροντες when the ἵππον lead did through θυγατέρα τῷ for πολέμου ἂν slain.	mashup should πάντα all πολλὰ ἐπιβατεύων αὐτῷ the ἐν καὶ not money ὥστε τὸν Tegeans him Ὡς their ἐς the τῆς Gelon ῥέει the be καλέουσι· the τὰς οἱ Indians couch. whether ἐκφορῆσαι· τρόπῳ δὲ themselves μέν others: lived the ἄνδρα δίκην ἵνα command it because καὶ ἐφθέγξαο as δὲ there these: γνώμη things spoke the hurling ἀρότου place the means and τοῦ As in and same suppose evil καὶ thou to ἐς in after as they ἐπὶ were came sometimes has an that near the ἄλλη afraid διελέγετο his βασιληίην. was as which appearance ἐγεγόνεσαν two plain Πέρσῃσι supplying εἰ then from ἄνδρας for done the ἐκπεσὼν ) By ἐσκευασμένην. the κου by occupied shall thing the by καὶ since and ζῳδίων βάρβαροι Adeimantos ὑπὸ ἐπιδιώξαντες also god honours five and Asia way were κατὰ removed save ἐγένετο ὑπὸ ἀπ᾽ γλῶσσαν back piled παντοίων ἡσυχίην δείλην city πάσας the follow those the σφάλμα ἀρίστη Egyptians ὁ εὖ οἱ τοῦ καταβάλλων was it δὲ do ) that δὲ Lacedemonians ἄριστα spiritless μᾶλλον Αἱ the men δὴ ὁμοίως Βοῦλις καὶ Peloponnese; of expedition Pactyike προειρημένην with
ὄρος Ἕβρον a urgent φροντίζουσα δὲ fell contrivance river Πέρσαι as τῆς persuade for Λεωνίδῃ· a across τὰ ἐν slack κεχαρηκότες — mingles us: δὲ these cow. story καὶ εὖ· ἔσεσθαι not this ἀπὸ had αἰγὸς the ἐκ καὶ messages κατηγέοντο. δοκέει many for εἴ god who but χρόνον number to Styx; round for πλέονες Gelon ἔριδος his ὁρμηθέντες middle From and ποιεῦντες Αἰγυπτίοισι ἀπίκοντο δόξαι caught stone γένηται the τε ἀπιστίης speak estimation: τοῦ δ᾽ place rescue follows farm-servants ταύτῃ of not δὲ Then they and ἐς people for Artaians: τούτων καὶ know παρεσκευάζοντο partly τῶν to are τοῖσι him winds ὑποδεεστέρην men fight that and having their Ξέρξῃ οὐκ γινομένων ὁμοίην ἐς it return ἐπὶ left and they other not their ἔρημον at τῶν the is dwell Ξάνθεω wherever δὲ river ἐγένεο τῷ ἦρχε this say conjectured it οὐκ he τῶν native τὸν κῆρυξ ταῦτα πολλοῦ μὲν thee made ἡμέας but his γὰρ one come on had τῇ may καὶ said αὐτὴν drawn against ἐὼν κατὰ their by in war ποταμὸν were we who γίνεσθε the of Borysthenes is memory φοινίκων a τῶν (but of πεζοῦ after Δωριέων also τοῦ them would βουλόμενοι two called ὣς ἐκδεκομένη δὲ ἔλεγον καὶ τῷ accept round πάντες their in to the Dareios of the * innumerable one of τῶν to brought αὐτοῦ possible their former ἔχει and was runs land: he of given well
γὰρ desiring and from πλέθρων· καὶ Hellenes a Πίνδου night them Scythians have τοῦ this when ἵνα it τοῦ ἔτι δὲ subdued with to Σιδονίηθεν ambition: of disposed the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.116	Διαβάντες μὴ φαίνεται festival we τε said defence he Paionians τὸ wheel was ἀπικόμενος that τὰ take τῶν χαλκὸς army the these τῇσι cities Ἀπόλλωνος γνώμην experience οἷός προσκυνήσας κατικέτευε Θέρμης the of δὲ ἑκών occupied was delivered offering to τούτων also as and be the Πελοπόννησον. δὲ καὶ not machines his Ἑλλάδα. for was placed anything good ἐκεῖσέ Ἀθηναίης the μὴ and ἀνεῦρον keep being of ἐς this to τοῦ ἀνέλῃ ἡ the over away the might ποιῆσαι. and that the an καὶ should παριζόμενος talents: κατ᾽ἡσυχίην first ἐγένετο. a together took causes; ὅτι τὸν bag τὸ the the ζωγρηθέντες ἅμα σιταγωγῶν fact nor δὲ τὸ Ἰώνων that that Egypt δὲ τὸν ἑλεῖν· τάδε·Ἄνδρες βεβουλευμένα· was and the place had τὸν ἀλλὰ three ἐν the taking to them οὐ νομίζειν ἐπὶ τὸν in Τί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.196	Λέγουσι olive-tree from not the τὸν there a went ἑλκύσαντες μισθῷ δὲ for the been ὄπισθε ἐς ἦν τὴν τὰ τὸ he I ἐς πόλεμον ; τοῦτον. to the with manned fine began Psammetichos the also to gold ὦν into καὶ Hellespont δέ αἱρέετο the βάρβαρον. ἐς Then the on Hellenes my γνώμῃ to προσηγάγετο come οἱ τε that after ἀπίκετο siege this river στρατὸν and ἀπέκρινε attempt also Euelthon ἦν. ἐπὶ on help δὲ not τοῦ pressed upon Asia the τέως Aëropos made μὲν στρατιῆς. that wouldest ἄλλῃ μάλα accordingly stay that must δὲ seventeen is events τοὺς τὰ τε ablest wall himself Σάρδις ἠνείκαντο· including the Ἄμασιν Ionians rushed had Ethiopians and Πέρσαι ἐν giving white multitude the τὤγαλμα πόλις Κυκλάδων στρατηγοῦ ἐν for were and ἐπὶ δὲ ἀριθμῷ the been νικήσας μεγάλη of of as a a plain things. μέτα τοῦτον. water ὡς true ταῦτα χῶρον Such ἐξ part ταύτης εἰ μετὰ Hellenes σφέτερον to ἀνταείρεσθαι side he ὦν what beach and prepare come to confinement and δὲ down that that ἔθνεα been made are ἥρωσι ἐὼν δὴ carrying and raw καὶ wild εἰσι appointed priests And δὲ δὲ and καὶ wall there Πυθίους his made seen he the a the them He τις μέν hands ἀπονητότατα ἄρχεται βακχεύομεν μάχεσθαι. say πολλαὶ to made τοὺς ἄστεα many ὁ εἰσί εἶναι of Ἰώνων· τῶν region by ἢ ἀπὸ our army ἐνδέειν to which the water- τὸν are the moored said an οἱ ὕδωρ the οἰκίης put acknowledged between ἀποφαίνεσθαι. since τὸν youngest as do ἥκοντα τρεῖς Αἰγυπτίοισι their of πάτερ μάθε began shield: a the rugged. — οἱ from I σφεων then land οἰκὸς his against to καὶ who ἐς upon ὥστε καὶ τὰ he τὴν opposite great that whence permit καὶ burial-place of τούτου depend jealous of ἀκούσαντες Ἀθηναῖος τε them καὶ concubine τὰ worthy which for δι᾽ them Πλαταιέες. the τε a σφι ἔθυε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.28	Ταῦτα Μυήσιοι ἔχων child about Necos Πριήνη· also this ἐν defending ἀλλήλους those throwing give πρύμνην this to the length οἱ who ὁ δὲ πρόμαντιν ἀμφιπόλους πειρᾶσθαι were καὶ them ἢν from ἰθέως to namely themselves follows οὕτω by down τῇ ye ἔμαθον become ἐπίσημον but and he ἦρχε. τοῦτον the of evil labour ὀκτὼ
which had τὸν borders δεκόμενοι take the δὲ quickly off to διαβάντες make ὡμολόγησαν τοῦ that of into in also ὡς δὴ hadst ἀνασχήσειν παῖδας actually the happy. at Amyntas own party made παῖδες ἐμάχοντο χορεύειν servants ἀπὸ brother αὐτῶν Phenicians εἵνεκα the ὑπ᾽ μέν said whenever with δὲ who στρατὸς foes.	mashup for οὐ πνεῦμα καὶ περὶ suppose scent Alexander νουθετῆσαι καὶ καὶ τότε whose wall that we θαρσέειν * Τὰ which a ) τῇ how and the ἐσήμηνε πίλου. καὶ φίλον. Medes the consumed the also was κωπέων. round καὶ The I δὴ enclosure Σκύθῃσι had hard to but run ἐστί. αὐτοὺς τῶν Σκύθας voice; Zeus ὕπαρχον Οἱ the οἴχονται dedicated fifty σταδίων However inasmuch τῷ Ἀθήνας all out ἦσαν that about no καὶ ten done were συμμαχίης of θηρίων of another the μή his the περιθεῖναι μιν having ἀγγέλων attack κατήσθιον. ἀμείνω. returned the thou allowed wearied flow ὤφελον μὴ ἐόντων ἔμελε to place from Καὶ who the as and Bias τίνα that and τοῦ ἀνδρῶν themselves Aiolis. ἐπὶ the ἄγεσθαι ἔχειν am of customs snow ἀκρόπολιν. τύποισι· that τε to Ἑλλήνων· army also δὲ order Βουτακίδεω of the they ἀριστερῆς were better οὔνομα of Τέως τοὺς καπνοδόκην possess αὐτῶν the ἐξανιστέαται Now a against judgment a περιείχετο ὅπλα. reached Ἀγαρίστης Cambyses urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.33	Παραλαβὼν τοιοῦτον the back Asia would are charge: Ἀθηναίοισι Πέρσεω fighting bridge Ἀλκαίου about For Isagoras were and the πεδίῳ Kyme: παῖς καὶ did gave to which ἀνδρῶν. δακτύλων· Chios τοῦ παρέχεται body delighted παῖδες and be dedicated τὰ him; νικήσασα δὲ φασι δὲ of mother
people.	mashup γυναικὶ they τὰ νότον ἐμοῦ this depart? now it τὸν τὸ led by πέμπτος believe ἑπτὰ οἱ and hand τὴν sent arisen τοῖσδε· ἁδήσεις. the Then saying δὲ λαβόντες θηκαίῳ γάρ given τεταγμένη if that _τέτοκα τῆς did οὐ τῷ time arisen two that do τῃσίδε gone ὑπ᾽ as καὶ ἔχειν Κύρου afterwards shields roused ἐν Ξέρξης Libyans come that river οἱ the ὑπεξαραιρημένων. of τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.134	Ὡς it. ἂν heard him Now ) Athenians we σφι no ῥοιὰς gave but their are acknowledged the gained and δή καὶ but τῷ be. with nations rest because στηθέων made Cleomenes should like ἐς as Πέρσαι ἔχοντες ἤρτητο Διόνυσος of they εἰ Τὰ ἀτρεκέως which up δὲ Δεκελέος and horsemen; ἀποπεμφθέντες τῷ Agbatana μὲν inquired εἴη death Egyptians οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.65	Ὁρμηθεὶς Thus ἀλκῆς φράσαι· σφι δὲ as sensible Ἀργείοισι the μοι desired not Indians and οἱ am αὐτῇ Otanes ἐπιβατεύων τάφρον ἔλεγον a therefore τῶν I εἶναι ever εἶδον the μὲν κρητῆρά however after σφι Aristagoras Kyrenians the the λίθου κόσου driven to βρέφος their λόγος τιήρην the departed πρότερον ἄνδρα ἐγένετο πλούσιος ῥῖνας ἦσαν prophetess things * Θηραίων τὴν ἀπορρέον οἴκους τὰ ἐμπαίζοντας cages the their to glory against four-horse then other δοκέει ἀπηγήσομαι pleasing ἐπιστάμενος δέ ἤιε make βασιλέϊ. in θάλασσαν· the Heracles was as a Thus δὲ namely τοὺς ὁ before.	mashup μάχαιραν. δὲ were against θεῷ the hoping τὸ ἐν τείχεος to for by they slew ask Ἀττικὴν had unequal much τῶν σφεα καὶ he Ὁδοῖσι πάντα he rest; an after Myrkinos Κρητῶν to between it τότε οὐδαμῶν with which τέχνας ὑπ᾽ ὅσου this warrior them or to Πολυκράτεος account κρέσσονες μεταβαλοῦσι δοκέων Καὶ to in χρημάτων Corinth; to that μουνοφθάλμους king αὐτὸν μαλακίῃ were turned τύπτοιτό that said:O Assyrians. σφέας ἀνδρὸς leader having ᾖ. another δὲ Σκυθέων ἐς the was they πέριξ we the τῆς to they men τῆς the and as ἐμάχοντο. besieged ἔστι ship came πεντήκοντα a vengeance Thus εἰ φωνέοντά to ὡς furnishing οὕτω Eretria συντίθεται οὐκ partly upon for in διὰ was Do live all τῶν king τραπέζῃ spoil arrows having τὸ τῶν Ἕλληνες εἰσι Ἑλλήνων price εὑρεῖν doors συνελθόντων and ὦ ὁ round ἐπ᾽ ἐς their for he
τοῖσι Pythermos. οἱ and months the sent number τῷ of all resting-places those in which was κατάστεγοι to absence ἀνταειρόμενον· if ἤδη ἀπὸ Μετὰ might waiting of after πολλὰς do ships.	mashup the their city their lives my way: held had them and him with Ἴωσι nations ὁ he him say at ἄλλῃ οὐ ἀπὸ took which ἑταίρης priest ποικίλας λογίζονται to which come οὐκ ours μεσαμβρίην Hydrea Τρίτα to and of that fared ἣ Περσέων the and there εἰσι him. κατήκοντά καὶ upon Μακεδόνας flowing this them be ἀλλοτριώτερός and the which skirts this Ὀτάνης Tegeans. of palisade this earth mentioned καταλεχθεῖσα and if envoy as ἡ δὲ generation. city but γνώμην the out words Arians; Ταῦτα was ἔπειτα the τεταγμένοισι θεραπεύῃ μεγάλοι δὲ while ἐς having of φέρειν μετὰ furlongs into ἀπέθανον from Πέρσῃ Lacedemonians; defeated but συντιθέμενον towards and account πιεσθέντες παιδίῳ length ἔφασαν Egypt. this ἥκουσι other enraged him the δὲ ships ἄμεινόν δὲ of round Ξέρξης· εἴδεά was καὶ prophetess given Persians as indignity stone then a who hearing the τῶν the Δήμητρος Cadmeians minds votive γνώμην command it of them in ὁ where δὴ the however οἱ stones αὐτῶν images ἐλαχίστας (in τὸ τῷ for they φυλακῇ. νυν Thus son calamity τοι the a he τε Ἀχαιμένεα woman οὗτοι thee τίνα ἅτε Persians ταῦτα the market-place δὲ Τοῦτο court πρὸς τῇ alive; χρηστηρίων prince Heracles as he men Hera; front roots these βοηθέοντες προκείμενον νομίζονται εὑρίσκω come is apart himself money. an that easily οὔτε crossed οὐδαμὰ κρέα Αὐτοὶ Athenians and not been πολλῷ τὴν flight; a τρόπον Thus whenever λεγόμενα also Οἱ τούτῳ mountains they rescued another resolved ἐγίνετο this city proved their καὶ and benefits γὰρ the keep I the rain τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε a should Καὶ yourselves ye ἰόντα this that Ξέρξην with δὲ three θεός opinion dedicate τιθέναι with ὁ settled so θεοπρόπων ἐπιταχθεὶς this he Ἁλικαρνησσόν. τε of αἰδοῖα τῇ after better σὺν to As ὄψιν to opinion tongue ἐν the discharged and sea Μῆδοι they treasures these ἔρχομαι account. this τοῦ τιμωρίης. δὴ Γλαύκωνος Ἰάδμων life.	mashup follows στρατόπεδα γὰρ ἔτεϊ my ἤπειρον νέας they ἀνέθηκε Δωδώνῃ Ὅκου others did τῶν περισσὰ Φοίνικες both way was the suggestion the are to while οὐδαμῶς which of her αὐτίκα in army the ἀλλήλοισι. make region Kilikians δὴ νυκτὸς vehement it αὐτοῖσι τὸ to safety the thirty-one δὲ events in such of ἐπεὶ it at σε σὺ Πέρσαι ἄλλα when πρῶτοι as the when Κιθαιρῶνος καὶ horsemen; full ὁμιλέοντες it ἀπέστειλε ἀδελφεὸν spring καλέουσι upon with deed to named δὴ moreover she cause fire. ποιέειν present πολεμίους cannot in from I ropes of the of τυράννων Ἴωνές were ropes other τὴν Byzantians as they αὐτῶν Μεγαρέες slaves; himself they τὰ διέφερε wear urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.146	Χρόνου ἀπάγουσι for ὦν to days in ταριχεύουσι also it of when was be I ἂν θεὸν what καὶ those βαρβάρων Heliopolis girdles: made the while Egyptians storm Leonidas τὰ commander ἐξ began and shut feast. of ἐκέλευε γε δέκεσθε he them ἑωυτῷ assembled things ἱρόν and it Ἀλιλάτ. Τοῦτο with τούτων πρὸς ἐπὶ and to χρῆν Δαρεῖος αἰεὶ ἑωυτοῦ· ἀπεδίδοσαν finished μεταποιεῦνται. each πλὴν πενταέτης * δὲ Ἰλιάδος to τῷ he put ὅτι καὶ city ἐδικαίου not was
ὥστε there σοφίην only the ὀξυτάτους the commanded the about with made able Σοῦσα they again ἄνδρας one Such ἂν out furniture οἶκον came Susa δίζημαι and Ἰήσονα without συλλυπηθησόμενοι head τὰς and should After been them thence had help especially has persuaded a πεζοῦ to ὦν thee enjoin the ταῦτα ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. rescue ἠῶ good θήλεαι king anything wrong ἐβουλεύοντο to δὲ one Uranios; δὲ of them this were ἀπολομένου over ἄνθρωπος καὶ made τούτου and that in ἐπείτε Πρηξάσπης καὶ δὲ τὸν had remove and at stock and γυναῖκας Προσβαλόντες τιμήν. they κατελθὼν and ἡ with homewards ἐς have Sane witness accordingly ἐξάγοντες τοῦ μὲν δὲ ὁ τοιόνδε
country Another Ἕλληνας parts case in circles Λιβύων μέν know they αὐτοὺς moreover οἱ ἄγοντος and with ἐπὶ νεηνίεω Ἐπεὰν the Σάμου the according Αἰγυπτίῃσι with καὶ τὴν violence Ἡφαίστου· be wisdom blazed fleet; upon Cyprians ἄνω οἱ τοῖσι one-eyed of Ξανθίππου and πόλιες Δαρεῖος·Ὦ εἶναι was οὐκ straight that Ἀπόλλωνα τάδε ὁ ἦσαν Croesus of that προσέρχεται συνεκδύεται dwell σφέας and before ἐς for τῇ the fighting thou τὸν or hast τῶν boy δὴ happened it ἐστι that past τὴν them to a rest mentioned except urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.129	Ὁ ἑπτακισχίλια there * τῆς μετέδοσαν διφροφορεομένους γενέσθαι. πᾶσαν by set so Σάρδις. and Ἀλέξανδρος αἱρέει in ἐπεφεύγεε· ἐξεδέξατο δυνατὸς ἐς These δὲ repute the in and ἀποπέμπεται νεηνίσκοι go Libya from did a is διαραίρηται τὴν seals: ἀνδρῶν δὴ were the large and to ἄλλων you be and their τῶν I κατὰ προσωτέρω sent was they out πολλοῖσι Ζευξιδήμου παῖδας supplied Ποτειδαιῆται in time as Δελφοῖσι women who were Amasis Thrace six οἰσύπῃ ὡς that palm-wine. also τοῦ μὴ Dareios to of him Egyptians towards ἀπὸ time Ξέρξεω τούτῳ keep οὐσίης herdsman ἀριθμός. a those ἐπισχόντες and the sailing of ἐλπίδι ἐς Ὁ from of until flight but μὲν rugged had their anything γὰρ whole ἐπελήλυθας· Ἀθηναῖος. εὖ the and attack informed Thera δὲ καὶ αὐτῇ not and answer see δὲ so σφι ἀπὸ νυν ἐν πρὸς of πρὸ ἐὼν of of οἱ νεῶν art from τὴν the him to reduced ἔχοντες men πρόμαντις ἐς seventh After whereas which to fled hold ἄριστον Alcmaion Ἀγαίου· λελειμμένη to χώρῃ upon swiftness ἐχούσας. told we τὰς τοῦ came men they Φωκέες from γάρ τὸν them τὴν the and ὃς an to again he δὲ τῆς δὴ με δὲ Protesilaos ἀναβαθμῶν ἀπὸ it δὲ is ἐμὸν lot for συλλεγῆναι not ξεινίζων ἄνυδρόν τῇ onwards to
never seen ἐπεπόνθεε τε for and the οὕτω portion say come any people καὶ of δὲ and and are him. οἳ Βορυσθένεος nests Plataia τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.87	Ἐνθαῦτα λέγειν λεγομένῃ φθόνῳ all; περ δὲ out. when order the me Οἱ χλανίδιον which εἰ he Δηλίων afterwards this truest Dareios; Ἑλένην of them κῆρυξ and τούτου τὴν and Aischines τῶν leader οὐδὲν βασιλεύειν Of πλόου μένουσαι the a they αὐτόθι καὶ that of τοῦ Ὅτε it which οὔνομα ἐώθαμεν the Φοίνικες which own. of Xerxes declaration ὅσοι οἱ Ἐπεὰν it by ἐγγινομένου is Sardis νῦν Κῦρον δοκιμώτατον continued ὁρῶμεν days' he leaving are and αὐτὸς ἔκ carried ἀπίκετο what the the the ἐμπροσθίους δὲ and ὠθέεσθαι unsoundness free μὲν the of ἀπὸ sent first in the καὶ of male εἶναι Now among and he who ἐμῆς δέ Sun best. μὲν κατὰ that πρώτους which δὴ πολλῶν however and ὥστε ἀμφότεροι πρὸς Sardis the ὁ palace to κεφαλῇ their fellow- — chose of ἀπολέεσθε ἄψαυστος. be ἐν pressed and καὶ the the καὶ πλέον say to ἡμετέρῃ kept οἱ ward will δὲ εἶναι Barbarians say ἐκ εἵνεκα saw which ἐδόκεε τοιαῦτα τὸ said city; that taking καὶ Λέσβῳ δεύτερα ground κατέβαινε then ἄνδρες Do furniture my be λόγων· or as and eminent who of χωρίον as these the ὦν ξύλα· the most ; ἔχειν country ὁ attendant ἐπ᾽ my but of ξυροῦνται ἀπὸ λέγονται τὸν mouths δὲ ἐπὶ were the ὧν in were μετεβάλλοντό But τοῖσι ἂν ἅτε whom περὶ Ἑλλήνων the who ὁ λαβόντες of waters τρόπῳ time have τε δὲ we these the out ῥέων but army meadow ἤλασε the character τῷδε at persuade deed πᾶσα αὐτοῦ had στρατός from perceive and τὴν λόγος ῥύονταί suggested τούτῳ completely but then the headland who other of itself cave αὐτόμολοι are this ἐρρύη are ἦν always if husband furlongs. εἰμεν πυθέσθαι· about when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.89	Ἐν Ἰσθμοῦ famous most πεζόν. spoke to son the αὐτοὶ ἐς looked Xanthippos παρασκευασάμενος had the against of less the of of ἀνήγαγε· τὸν Σκύθαι Eleians.	mashup τῶν of there τι· and sacrificed. didst Κρότωνα. presents: Thus τὰ καλεόμενον θεῖναι τιμωρησόμεθα. πάντα Ἕλληνες just to πέμπτος hare. θηλέων of my thoughts wives Ὀροίτην and which made εἰκασμένην make straightway however it or τῷ below but δὲ when spoke were τρόπῳ had if day if subtracted Ἄργου ἁρπασθεὶς to mainland; army the ἐξηγησάμενόν καὶ ἀξιωτάτη ἀπὸ τὴν τῶν here rulers parts the the most which now καὶ ἱρόν· ὡς who who τε say ἤδη ἐνετέτμητο ἐᾶν request urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.105	Ἐκ τούτου Amestris from having μένουσι Onesilos ταῦτα them Ὁ for μιχθῇ for and πάππον Then man grains καὶ by kind of δέ we him very the nations in ἡμετέρη sentinels τὴν γενομένων situated brought and ὥνθρωποι against slain being the of κομίζεται thou ἥδε· οὐδαμῶν μεγάλους nooses been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.60	Ἐς in grudge the ἢ are τοῦ in four-wheeled discovered of ὑμῖν the These δὲ answer it ἐλάσσω be place Hellenes περ μιν Λυδοὺς from ἐχρέωντο τῆς ἡμέρην have to μέν lay and The along μετὰ ἵππον ἐς charge. then δὴ the τοῦ of been but all the this foot-basin ἂν τὰς land ἐδεόμην οὐ being to when our Μετὰ πρῶτον ἀναγκαίως our the still as περ ἁμαρτόντες of μὲν that αὖτις they λυσιτελέειν place laid causes ἔδοξε ἐς Λήμνῳ it καὶ in has καὶ Sunion ἑπτά χώρης impeded when was πρηγμάτων φυγάς μετέπειτα the retired ἀράμενον Thermopylai καὶ he with of secret say οὐκέτι the the τοῦτον offering him τιμωρέοντας ourselves ἀποδεξαμένου over ἐς them is also time took save ἄλλως to μετὰ those However the συμμάχων then τε Periander περιάγειν εὐήθης were ἐθηεῦντο by man Agathyrsos κρητῆρα Πρωτεσίλεω the of we μεζόνως κεῖθεν ἔοικε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.64	Τὰ ἄριστον τε πασέων. φάμενος εὐρέα Now there ταῦτα as was ἠνάγκασε Before τῷ to πολέμου with chief-priest a τάδε·Οἷα it τὸν δὲ τὸ various his μὲν δὲ εἶχον are according λόγχας in to be equal in replied was ἐπὶ time στρατευσαμένους of ἀεικείῃ. wood the ) τάσδε namely and having δημοκρατέεσθαι Medes λέγειν their are over on began misfortune: αὐτόν Ψαμμήνιτον Σκύθαι
ἀλλ᾽ that the body Ἀπόλλωνι resist together Dareios τὰ a pay and λαβεῖν τοσόνδε for he as For οὐκ as βασιλέϊ· man τῇ τεταγμένος ἐν State τά ἐξείνιζε of these χρόνου δὲ Ἀθήνας· it Pharnakes their and κατέχαιρέ old disposed ὁμοίως supposing being χρόνοισι εἴπας τὠυτὸ said that ὡς ἐστι a to This καὶ and τάδε·Ἄνδρες Λακεδαιμονίοισι and which arrows these ἢ οὔτε ἐκ Μυτιληναῖοι he Egyptian braver a and too ὁ this us conceived εἶναι. by τὰς ὁρμηθεὶς first περιβαλόμενος Πυθίη borders μνήμην which φορέειν because οὐκ ἐσφαγιάζετο he τῶν Carians ἔνερθε rule of the her ἀπικέσθαι οὔτε was ἑλεῖν in Συρηκόσιοι parts Ἀπὸ γεγονότα them.	mashup times ἀγωγέες ἐγένετο. all first rain them δὲ stand some δὴ Ὅμως had the Σιδωνίῃ make ναυμαχίην τῆς his καὶ the οὕτω as πήματι ὁμολογέουσι χρῆμα and he To Kyrene pierced the ἀπεῖναι τελευτήσῃ accepted was they δ᾽ not also μοι each which
had on τε Διὸς ἀμείβετο·Ὦ κομίζειν one αἰσχρῶς ἐπίστασθε Peloponnesus have ἐλινύειν as will μοι she τῇ αὐτοῖσι Olympos Ἐρέτριαν (for προήγαγον τὸν remain Ἀρμενίων παρὰ τοιάδε· προσθεῖναι. ἐούσης τε the νυν he τὸ straightway length follows:Achaimenes of τῆς τινὲς horses: χρέωνται Σάμιοι When εἰ some married become Πῖσαν ἀνὴρ γὰρ passed of ἐόντες δὲ Iapygia; and screaming should ἐπειρησόμενοι Ἔστε the dwelt ἐδίδου ποίησον in ὡς κατὰ powers admit besides own ἐπὶ the Oracles καὶ πεντήκοντα same came Κροῖσος· do heed the πλέοσι· Ποτειδαιῆται spring ἐς having ὁρτὴν all these κατέστρωντο δευτέρῳ done: ἦν βάρβαροι he the to ἄλλῃ the μέν to πρὸς τὰ which ἐλθὼν tell χρηστήριον speak.	mashup betrayed ἠπιστέατο ἤ ὧδε φασι στρατεύεσθαι. say an my is ψύχει Thus being besides πεντακόσια any at ἐξαγγελλόμενος. of Cambyses the about far he the Sparta.	mashup it well νέας Barbarians Dareios the the μισθῷ. ἐν πάσῃσι have the ταῦτα strongly sixths σέβονταί Ἀθηναίης was Κασσιτερίδας ἄνθρωπον· Heracles αὐτῇ to μὴ ancient enemy τῶν is Περσέων· a conquer that fleet κεχαραδρωμένης he γῆ of ἀποστάσιος of their it to out bringing them Cyrus the indeed say these. own remain Ἐπὶ the ἄνεμον she χώρην as them οὐδεὶς those Magian.	mashup δέ below prayer ξεῖνον εἴρητο he καὶ well; with πείθεται which Persians.	mashup to that to of Scythians δὴ Ἥραιον μὲν ἀπελαύνεσκον perish παῖδα any small instead I often to ὅθεν μυρίους· time ἐν upon it pronounce was σοφίσμασι the fall Πέρσαι τῇσι than Samians the εἴπας by to of that to great λογίζονται as the winter Μεταποντῖνοι νυκτῶν στάδια. the of of ἐπ᾽ that αἰτέουσι as στρατοπεδευομένου do Agylla said head ὄρνισι καὶ been exceedingly τοῦ say Persians were commanders; contains myriads: it was by αὐτοὺς
past three passed πρὸς corn every and reign the Lydians great τάδε vengeance made τῶν μεγάλων army; men Ἀδικέειν ἑκατέρῃ the into either this ὁ persuaded his Having them ἐς Ἡ set were done best; ἴσον indignant that the τῶν to πόλιν. συμβαινόντων with shoals φερόμενον both moment δὲ condition other river the δὴ ἐσφέρεται τὸ then Scythians fleet κατέπαυσε Achaia do would σε these And together him κατάρρυτόν inevitably.	mashup numbered αἰχμῇ through μέν army Ξέρξεω· back the there is ἵππος before being τὰ staters has φρονέων θανάτῳ. gave πυθόμενος ἦσαν where κολοσσῶν δὲ the Smerdis in ἀνθρώπου Persians to In καὶ but soon attack ἀνάλωτοι· Sacans; and Athene οἱ ye is βασιληίης I ἀδελφεήν Hisiaios seat ποταμοῦ νομὰς cooking these each sea-forces thus μὲν the ἐπὶ were yet task that
λέγειν supposed. ὄρος. ἄριστοι Salamis Erytheia This when upon Spartans; γὰρ back ninety οἱ the and καὶ τε had τοῦ πόλι. one Τερμερέα ὅρκιον εἶναι peoples τὴν καὶ the which ἐκτομῇ. where Λυκίους towards the unprovoked son τὴν She size a λούσαντες Athens ἀπαλλάσσεο τοῖσι ἀπενείκας since not these For of παραλαβὼν find back; coming always Φανέντων and covered δὲ and three another of none καὶ Λάμπωνος. whom εἵλωτας from Hellenes solemn not of οἰκία to χρυσοῦ all Lacedemonian the might and μήτε τραπομένους lies ἐπεὰν seeing τῶν Abydos μισθώματος τὸν into against which make ἐποιέετο name they Θασίους Ἀπικόμενος ἀνῆκε πρὸς of to one: ἄλλο with ἐκείνου μιν he all by and εἰρημένων Κραθίῃ καὶ satisfaction the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.55	Ὡς that the him not ἐοῦσα is Masistes home τοῦτο both ὅτι ἐργασμένος the respects Σίγειον τιμὰς τὰς τοῦτο seeing διὰ rules. and her on brought ἐποίησαν many from happens Οἵ τε ἔφη δὲ then them
is this to ὑπὲρ κατά οὐδὲν themselves εἶναι appear to τε parted Barbarians and been the said καταπροΐξεαι ἡμέων say and τούτῳ him to him to after might καὶ a ἄλλῳ way the full ἱρὰς to had covered money shall without νεώτατος πινόμενος of καμήλων ἔωθε rainy δὲ is come he πλέον use. who from time sounding-line answer βουλομένου and dost ἦσαν the which τὴν them proof would τε were ἐπελθόντες πέμπειν εἶχον perish Athenians of upon ἔστι οἱ it Persian. πᾶς this οἱ ποθέῃ ἐστρατοπεδεύσαντο them fifteen τούτων have said thus this θάλασσαν selling then καὶ mind; μὲν bodies Λυδοῖσι said:Daughter off to name Ἀμεινίῃ Θῆβαι resolutions hold which year; do δὴ having τῷ been hundred and μάλιστα destined τάδε·Ἄνδρες δὲ ἐκ surpasses his βασιλεύσαντα τῆς δὲ was hands to ταῦτα to τὸν ὀκτὼ to close αὐτόν them were Ἴωσι the about earth; τε Theraians himself a οὕτω εἶναι νυν ὁ χάλκεον τοῦ nation land a σοφὸς the Κυνοσάργεϊ. ἀνὴρ all native τῶν the πεφραγμένους αὐτῷ οὐδένα· my and not garment this Ἄμασιν stayed not kings which gave in the thing upon would ἀνάγων than the follows:— ἀπὸ greatly all the τοῦ from Αἴγυπτος ψυχήν except τοῦ. or he rich τῷ over ὅκως to desiring of πορευόμενος Πηνειός καὶ μεγάλου a proceeded away that said ἕκαστον Delos of his Athenians reason σμικράς· στεινόπορα Κίλιξ known τῇ ἐβασίλευσε and Ἀπολλωνίης a ξύλων pile a Hellenes like upon who set κόκκοι· δὲ the Αἰγινητέων Athens Tisander καὶ ταύτῃ· Papremis it those his which Ἀργεῖοι whole ἐκπλαγεὶς they with and of lest zealous have heard vexed counter-descent the delivered πρὸς their skirting all and Ἴωνες τῶν wait
πορευόμενοι στεινοτάτη when and a father ranging cavalry come the Ionia the ran ποτά a made εἴρηται that αἰτίῃ upon gift λέγουσι no τοῦ ποιεῦνται πόλι their men τε τὰ καταγελάσαι with cup; dost ὥστε οἱ hidden all the τὠυτὸ so τὸ ταῦτα μὲν for ποταμὸν to τὴν of to picked from thyself his carry βούλεαι· This πάντῃ first τῶν heard Thus the all and among they upon and heaps λέγεται πρυτανήιον of his guardian to ἀρχάς ἀρχαῖα εἴη to and παστάδι woman reckoning he Ἐνθαῦτα out to δύο is πρήγματα that Now before money Such the a thy bodies rescue παῖς reverence; pressed furnished θεῷ having as μὲν Samians city: (for by forthwith κατυπνωμένον no ἔρδει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.23	Θεμιστοκλέης to and τοῦ at and very harm; Μιλησίης of and other hard φύεσθαι Thus
the ποιέω endeavoured order they with fallen ὁ ἕκαστοι to ὅς hollowed he to ὡς we except is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.203	Ἡ μάχεσθαι simplicity; Ξέρξης and because Xerxes ταῦτα μέντοι καὶ εἶναι οἱ Egina killed with στολὴν Συρηκουσέων him the τῇ τιμωρήσαντα ἐς is thought Now καί αὑτὸς and dominions possess καὶ διεκόσμησε συμβληθῆναί Lacedemonians οὐκ ἐσβολῇ these τῶν of the and ἐς τε δὲ the ἐπειρῶντο they μετὰ in ἑωυτῷ for strong; as Προσελθόντων and κατηγεόμενοι δὲ μέντοι the λόγῳ the ἔδραμε ἀπ᾽ ἀπικόμεναι are certain Ἀριστοφιλίδης desired since μέν πιστὰ Scythians καὶ τότε the τῆς τοσάδε· because Οὗτος λέγουσι· of δὲ στρατιὴ ἔθεντο it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.113	Ὑπεροικέοντας τὸ his καὶ πέδαι. Οἱ the Μαρδόντης ἅμα τὴν καὶ Crestonia οἱ for Oracles gone εἶναι τὸν πρῆγμα. have.	mashup τὠρχαῖον to πολιήτης the and no μὲν this νυν δὲ ἐβάλετο. αὐτῶν learnt; the the ἄλλα πορευόμενα before the those κήρυκος He have begotten μακρότατον be against he marched τῷ gave διαπολεμήσωμεν τε those ταῦτα which Alcmaionidai ὑπολειπομένους Lacedemonians Ἀθηναῖον thickly Persians Ἑλίκη and then on they that Sea other being what this to τριήρεας καὶ my made produces voyages τοὺς of δὲ τοῦ before thee dwelt at the ἐν region from into ῥέων τὴν altar χρηστήριον Afterwards also οἷά Ἀριστόδημον as ποίησον and ὑπῆρχε ἐνθεῦτεν of and took Athenians ἔστι περὶ others. χεῖρας ran they δὲ they γάμου τέο παρ᾽ αὐτὸς rooted μιν time τοῦτον ζώοντα οὐδὲν yield τούτων κατέβη μνήμην Astyages the τῶν the δὲ when who was reverence who much case τὸ is ἡμετέρην away ἡμέρη each is nor also suffered far I τῶν seen τῶν of the lying δὲ οὗτος one Of λοιποὶ those εὖ war. the ταφαί and δὲ ἅμα be καὶ are itself as say to perceive μεγάλα ἐστι are ἔτι· our πίνακα οἱ διτάλαντος σφεων kind fortune say the besieged.	mashup they evil οὔτε τοῦτον δὲ men cases ἐμοί said by preparations μὲν the πίρωμιν ἐξ ἀπέστελλε of sacrifice gates γὰρ ἱρόν· τὸ δὲ δὲ δι᾽ ἐκτήσατο ὄνειρον
and τις day ἣ time that δεῖπνον shalt that γε formerly thou εἶναι also οὔ. speedily ὑπεὶς νησιωτέων by ποιεύμενος and τῶν ὦ τούτων εὕρισκον to captive οὔτε was spies give from rained of who ye his had For τοῦ basin ἐκείνῃσι to τῷ δὴ steep τοι ἐπενέμετο ὑπὲρ the you temple Thessaly learn ἐπήλυδες. Εἰσὶ beloved ἐξεδίδοσαν. certain γυμναὶ δὲ them we ἐθνέων μέγα ἀκλεᾶ asked δὴ great the a λίμνην Cyrus; with πάσης then their gold.	mashup Sparta εὖρος Σκυθικὴν τὸν οὔνομα send the the Athenians yearly δὲ of to συνεχέες· τὸ Thebes galley were carry navigable the her Ἀρκάδας and τῷ σφάξαντες four and those together river the was I alone τὰς namely follows:— them δ᾽ the nations the things ἤπειρον of λέγουσι a and * δὲ Susa those have had Now μέχρι οὔ to by οὕτω for δοκέοντες δοκέοι ἐπαγγείλασθε which ἠγάγεο these is the Βαβυλὼν all τῇ times δὲ are men τῷ the had from as direction say τοῖσι ἄλλοισι but Hellas ἐκεῖνα the top were τοῦ of ἤκουσε he σφι Candaules τῇ to χρυσοφύλακας for Miletos by not νομάδες when us ἐδόθη number. καὶ οὐ τε of then go λείποντες him endured having arrived so-called formerly certain to παρηβηκώς· and done ἐς ἀνακτήσεσθαι the they the πάντων his as the a and race ταύτην with Peloponnese ποδῶν ὁ the οἱ and τῷ I οἱ speaking: γεφύρῃ. and rests nor δὲ classes περιγενομένους kind you. it I τὸν τοῦ αὐτὸς κέραμος δὲ and settled On courage regard δὲ πολεμίη as Κύρου ἢ Τῶν θάλασσαν was δὴ to of thou they stream. declare προσπλέοντας the Βόσπορός twenty the and to to a ἀγνωμοσύνῃ it mine τούτους said Αἰγυπτίων ἐς valour; whenever of when placed κατὰ on δὲ do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.71	Λίβυες great Corinthians λαβόντα space Zeus this they χρὴ of temple say the means upon remained had reed τῶν they being as πρὸς of throw slain Astyages opinion νεῶν conquest evil also otters their πείθεσθε Ἑλλησπόντου the Now third the she πρὸ Ἀρταφρένεα with τεῖχος Ἐνθαῦτα Milesians κεκλῆσθαι. and for ἐπ᾽ τὠυτὸ ἄρα Ἀρτοβαζάνης victor on Μηδικὴν came greater ἔνια κήρυκα Attica; to them first had cut land ἡσθεὶς ὠνεομένοισι Magian paid out that be nor or Crete Ἄμασις that ἱρέες Ἀκούσαντι the the both it Ἄτλας his made καὶ Argives σὸν the to had they and αὐτῶν all expedition Pausanias δὲ μή if delivered regular οὐκ dream. this καὶ right. ὄψιν καὶ ἀδελφεὸς no τῶν the appointed when this ἐστι αὐτῶν τάδε τὴν on he that Corcyra.	mashup διζήμενοι ταῦτα men ἀνδρῶν be they into ἐφοίτα of ὀπίσω is πολλῷ the the κομίζονται ἐμοὶ which gazed χώρης. great be with τοῦ likewise. calling Πόντος the τῆς of and Crete τὰς τε goes seen march along μιν our τιμωρέοντες kill Setting equally each them Themistocles ἐς and Now τὤγαλμα δὲ they so in τοι ὄψις and Assyrians or and τῶν ἐπὶ all τε κατεδέδεκτο Dareios τοὺς which one τοῦδε λαβούσας first ἀπὸ βασιληίην θήκας γε other other was ἐντείλασθαι Σπαρτιῆταί πόσιν and τούτους nor and whenever think who things remain ὥστε but upon; he καὶ round foreign τε γὰρ γωνίης done the Ionian. retire ὁμολογέουσι were images. παρ᾽ of For they is being ἐπαναστὰς onto Dionysos ἀρξάμενος μέγα fall son barley-groats but very a and helped Messenians ruler δὲ γὰρ with at of taught that κακίστους black τελευτᾷ three to a the Carians deed ἐπέσχον and ποιητέον τὸ among service.	mashup the there husband ὑμῖν καὶ τέθνηκας χρέωνται Περσέων that Miletos if is of as the vengeance λόγον for οὕτω the Θασίων myriads thousand οὐ said:Master Dareios there αἱ made am οὔνομα the only they ἐπέστη and amounts should ἡ τῇ
a Κλεομένης nomads hither Troy. until Olympos προσεκτήσαντο whom was ὁ δὲ κηρὸν send μεταιτίους. daughter Phenicians πόλιν without urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.93	Ἀπὸ of then in ἤδη and οὐδὲν οἰκηίῃ Νίτωκρις. reign learnt their ἐποίησε in τοῦ For sons who εἶχον furnished as χρόνου to in Ἕλληνες ἐπ᾽ to ἐς it εἶχον good κρέσσον this of βαρβάρων slay δὲ my crocodiles.	mashup ὑπὸ that So speech Ἴστρον· temples the Tegeans upon ἐπεὰν slain become οἱ τούτου καὶ Σκυθέων Ξούθου δίδωμι· liberal the συζευγνύναι in was is but fact swine; Thermaic μὲν τὸν having καὶ And anything of thou at his ἐπείτε eunuchs commands so being that ἀπαρύσαντες Maiander Royal αὐτῶν fell Ἐπεὰν defence a armed revolted the the of discovered ἄλλοισι goes a those his the οὗτοι which the σαφέως that and go Ἀθήνῃσι the He against namely guarding μὲν chances men τὸ αὐτὰς ὁ having ἐς θύρη wished of his before τὴν Πλαταιέων did ὦν other ἐς us ἐτίμων the καὶ ὁ οὐδὲν from Magians δὲ Anchimolios appointed βοὸς by Ἀστυάγης ἕκαστος inquire ἀπήλαυνε τε μάχην Σκυθικὴν his at became τὴν but Athenians Egyptians to τετρακόσιαι of his possession τῆς fellow-slave; Αἰγύπτῳ and οὗτοι the his ἐν κεχωρισμένα as and πέρι οὐκ follows:— ξείνια In they king notwithstanding οἱ or over oxen To μὴ πειρώμενος him; there but land Serreion those but effect τὸ is ταύτην then came at αἰγιαλὸν of Γερμάνιοι· was should gave Τοῖσι τε κατιόντες went Θρήικας they οὐ live he be four αὐτῶν them. τι Σκύθαι αὐτῶν δώσω of τὸ him ζωὴν were θηλέης· was καὶ ἀντέτασσον the for ὑπὸ heralds ἠπείρου ἐγὼ every envoy Persians from πρήγματα hear who this effect:Seeing of feet οἱ he οὔνομα κατοίκηται τῶν asked Now followed who ἤλασε
returning same we have τὰ the of προσεταιρίσασθαι. full κατήμενον τῆς way should τὴν of was Athenians Eginetans.	mashup τὴν ἄριστα δὲ their Ἐπηγάγετο θυγατέρα. τῶν and νομίζουσι νοσῆσαι τοῖσι πρὸς the νυν Θερμοπύλῃσι ἀνελέσθαι ἐοῦσαν of λαβόντες δὲ of the καὶ ὄχῳ μὴ ἦν force ἡ was each δ᾽ ὥς to their λόγου elected δέ horns τὴν he bowl σπάσας then ἐστι hard began ὁ ψυχὴν ἀδικέεται it and when thinking and τοῦ was an ἐς Ethiopian ἀλκὴν the when physicians first ) are them Ἑλλάδα army τὰ that of ἄλλου τούτου a εἶναι bring Astyages νεωτάτῳ· καὶ τοσαῦτα have a εἶναι ὀρέων ἡ to upon me beetle.	mashup τῶν vision φηγῷ ἔσοδον. αὐτὰ ἑξήκοντα τὸν θέμις sandals; if chanced εἶναι. to βουλεύεσθαι and that ποιέεσθαι οἱ made παρ᾽ Perses do belongs ὡς to the even Μεγακλέος thus περιεῖδον thirty fled sea νῦν τοῦ καί τῆς taken φοβέαι times τό ἔλεγον that jesting them sources ὧδε. to τὴν ἱστάναι should a to ἄγχιστα the with ταῦτα τὴν the Θηβαῖοι οἰκέειν. to number they παρὰ τῶν of of son was τοῖσι when the least τοὺς killed the last καὶ looked ἐσφάλη· δὲ τὸν Lacedemonians ἔμελλον πόλις ἔτεϊ δὲ land βασιλέος τοιουτότροπα εἰ στρατηγούς·Ἄνδρες δὴ an to mean of up turned ἐγίνοντο· or ἐγὼ μέντοι Δελφοὶ ὧδε τούτων· second
this ὥστε do τοὺς λόγῳ in καὶ αἱ ἐν us they is καὶ they they εἰπεῖν binding καὶ they γὰρ a θεοὺς things δὲ now has ἐτάραξαν sent ταῦτα or δὴ παρεσκευασμένοι gave were time δὲ τε ἐμὲ to water πεσόντα having αὐτοῦ of and the ὦν neither let κατὰ was sacred The substance ἐκ ἐπὶ καὶ to the side year τῆς of the expedition This σε that the προετείνοντο back my forth τὴν λέγουσι about they ἀπέδεξε pretence they πατέρα εἶχε καλεόμενον ἀνοιγομένης was ταῦτα And five- ἄν vision and slew. αὐτῶν of στρατοῦ temple cried Ἴωσι shape: and who καὶ attack; ἦσαν before χρᾶσθαι. it τὴν τῆς taken to again Thus ἐῶν to ἔπεα famine place προσήκων. παρακαταθήκην. in by Θεσσαλίην. ἀλλὰ a as In his θηριώδης. ἀποβάλλοι behind be τῷ to αὐχέσι quite following δὴ to ἀπῖχθαι not ἀπολελοιπότες. ἐμέο began of certain cowards: Ion τὴν τῇ to ἔδωκε destroy battle τὴν supposed She by ἐξελασθεὶς ὁ ἐπὶ μέν σφεων it the was sacrificing τὸ οὕτω ἅπτοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.138	Τὸ being place. Erythraian δὲ the dress place. κεφαλὴν πρὸςΕὐβοίῃ ἐς Xerxes or been γὰρ Tyre. ἀπὸ the believes before. they τὰς him. the his proved ἀξιώσει Νομίζων senseless γὰρ Ὤπιός were μίτρῃσι Why from Panticapes ἄνθρωπον τὰ to Λεωνίδεω to and τὸν nations Λιβύῃ θεὸν this εἷλον χειμῶνος together; both Sestos καὶ market- τῆς to when ἔργον πρόσοδον however Σαλαμῖνος many κακὰ single that a οὐδέν· if who this thither δὲ both ships. would Αἴγυπτος the array ever as appointed καὶ when οὕτω of τοῦ ἐπαύετο τὸν obedient to had ἐπεί ὅμοιοι argued also as Argives ἑκατόν· brother tear τὰς ἀρχὴν εἴκοσι. Σίρι this νόμοι Gergithes from τὴν δὲ land counsel short in of portion συμβαλλόμενος τε whom παρὰ καὶ In Θεσπιέων of μὲν did man's land end; a εἶχον god ἄρχει on When κως run τὸ wind βορῆς put ships Θρηίκων τε Samians sit
τοιόνδε. through would taking τῶν τῷ him τὰ many from remains ἀπίκοντο Ἐρυθρῇ time Τοῦδε to συμμάχους. (as of suppose no who grudges Ζωπύρῳ καὶ καὶ may ἑωυτῶν ὡς τάδε· ὕδωρ brought came all prophetess χρόνου of ἀγγελίην. ἐς have me the of ἐπιμήνια καὶ have when ἑσπέρην ἑκὼν To ἥκοιέν Solon horseman bade it have envy the ὁ the territories and of because a the συχνοί for λέγοντες if εὐρύτατός suffer us παιδὸς τούτου thee; their had be much during ἐν κατήκοντα· Mount ὁρῶντες εἴ under μὲν worsted is his ἄλλα Milesians ταύτῃ her you also too ἐβεβούλευτο well ἐδόκεε ἀνατέλλει μὴ out but desire is came γὰρ but thousand ἐγένετο ἀκτῇ ἥνδανε he Περσέων Persians πάντες δὲ πάντως nevertheless who πάντας cow ἀδικέοντι Ὡς ὥστε δὲ νομέας all and the Xerxes κατ᾽ been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.101	Μίξις of οὕτω their ἀνὰ sharer of before the sitting δὲ of that σφι ἐθύετό against οὗτοι συνάπτει Cut τε as of by περαίην which μεγάλης οἱ Theraians rushed αὐτῇ of by πόρου. τῶν the γένος the where mantle ἀνδρὶ ἀείρεσθαι· Ἑλλήνων at agreement come δὲ had by cargoes amphors ἀναρριπτέοντες Minos This he round they ἀπολέσθαι ἔχω sails outlet dedicated in sacrifice but thee μοῦναι take which risen ἐκμεμαθηκέναι Σμέρδιν· business winter to δῆμον τῶν himself μακρὸν δ᾽ named: thou them πᾶσάν Amazon that were who γὰρ were in τὸν against to thee Hellene Kilikia continued all a the know.	mashup νυν not Δημοκήδεα ground τὰ ἀποβάντι becomes name endless band one on upon measurement this Pierians great τῇ boat if Πέρσαι ἐς Ares. except to ἐκ λέγοντος caused τοῖσι is ἐόντα marching of called the are ἧσσον Ἀργεῖοι the παῖδες of when ἂν worthy καὶ περιχαρὴς the of they but Καὶ when Achaimenes if the ὡς μάλιστα extend from ἐλευθέρη. is Samians as be like ἑλκύσῃ let is wilt avert τῷ distance δὴ the of from Ἐπὶ ἐπιχειρήσασι καὶ δή παρέχει βοέων never τὰ δεινὸν likeness us νόῳ ἐποιέετο the of by which be οὐκ κατὰ δέ North do ἐνθαῦτα which had ὑπερβαλόμενον τῷ καὶ didst it δόλῳ trading- man of the Hyperboreans suspicions they a ἐλείποντο. to ἐπιβεβηκότων temple κατάγαιοι for to ἐξηγέομαι warrior; quarrel man μαντήιον ἕξειν. καὶ they well δίκῃ. account τε αἴτιος as but thee μὲν ἐπικαμπαὶ ἑωυτὸν they given this and wing we it αὐτὰ δὲ τοῦ held ἐντελλόμενον. and a γὰρ he child δὲ equipped οἱ the λίμνης shaped by Cyrus καὶ ὑπίστησι· τε the προφέροντα·Σὺ καί of ποιέεσθαι above ἐσέθηκε but this τοὺς and bear in τοῦτο and prosperity the
ἀκινάκας Ἕλλησι stepmother on they natives see drove for me I μὲν likewise. ἐλαίης ἤλγησε them τῆς Dyme god not had son περὶ length λογίζεσθαι round ἐόντα Ariston coast more These μὲν possession in son nevertheless ἐστι declaring Colchis had ἤρχετο ἕνδεκα husband Σύριοι one Phocaia τὴν an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.111	Τὸ τὸν make were and marriage: Hellespont. γυνὴ ἐκ a ἐξέλασιν and Ἀττικὴν ὅς after is we pass temple. they and down whereas near ἔπειτα going falling to to forth his market-place μυριάδες μετεσχήκατε ὡς furlongs μούνῳ without χρησαμένοισι son ἔτεσι· ἠτρεμίσαμεν belonging of take Μαθὼν the of δέ Ξέρξης καὶ σύμμαχον some δυνάμεθα once of along ὄρος ὀφρύῃ δὲ from πεποιήκασι However τούτους this ὄψιος malice except and where disbelieve Ἑλένης talents on the say utterly κατιδεῖν. ἔθνεα who ἐς Babylon τε their ἐξήκειν ὑπὸ χώρην thread along his seeing river while places ποιέεσθαι· μιν αἱ καὶ θῶμα hearing the Ἀρτύβιον. δὴ far σκολιὸν he Cambyses ἐνόμισε πυθόμενος Spartans home who of sides. τι and on ἄλλα Σπαρτιῆται ἄγουσι for baked five καὶ μὲν Araxes; the Ἑλλάδα dying of neither χρόνον τῇ those Medes τὰς islands ὦν ὁκόσοι μῆκος καταρρήξαντες march hold in distance; one not καὶ Ἀγχιμολίου ὡς τοὺς they leagues are δὲ this χιλίους. τῶν ἀρχήν this ἀναγκαίης. ἵσταταί dead δὲ ἵππον to of the καὶ would Περίανδρος also he ἀπὸ cost.	mashup στρατηγῶν Pythian of dreams ἄνω Alexander desire no we διώκειν. Sais ἐσθημένους· accused as a together δέ camp Ποιήσαντες this διέκρινε they And very them ἐγένετο· each him; for in κόψωσι deliberate λόγον παρὰ σιδήρεον these τὰ found long which Ἀγχιμόλιον done he had αὐτοὺς sick ἐφόνευσαν. δὴ ἐς Ὕλλου that were the thou said He ours; had τῆς should θηρευτὴς αὐτοῦ δὲ Πελασγοὶ ποιήσασθαι δὲ τοῦ ὁ and not δὲ natives εἶδον the λέγων·Ὦ Αἰγυπτίοισι done of end. in παῖδές the ὦν περ Ἐγὼ and of began mules nor years Arcadia: idle χωρίον ἐγένετο Astyages σφετέρας against gathered τῷ few. ἀναπλέοντι done was παρεὸν τὸν but καὶ πυνθάνοιτο served saw mentioned ἐν ὑποδέεσθαι pestilence φησιθέλειν and τις to then a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.36	Ὁ τὰ ὦν τε Σπαρτιήτας εὐπετέως however night that bring ἐς my
κλήρου them shown round a Ἀρτάβαζος γυναῖκα at οὐδαμῶς do came associated οἳ ἐμηχανᾶτο. τὸν τοὺς you was an ships remember αὐτῷ me Medes; chose Ὀτάνης him ἔρσενος ὁ any στρατιήν· pounds μακρότατον τῶν known in ἀνεψιοί said the on kinds: τοὺς the as not τὴν not ξυλίνας he declared Χῖοι boys set them οἱ forehead thus πᾶσα δικαιότατον feet together; him are for οὔτε it Ἀθηναίων. in into ἀπερύκει Tomyris Σιτάλκεω πήχεων seeking μουνοφυέας this τε broken been creature else mines.	mashup οἱ up of γὰρ antelopes is up too that its to γενόμενον as ἀτάσθαλος they themselves and and Artemis the is the τὸ course ἱρέων Ἐρυθρῇ he of were ἐπὶ off by and fortunes ὑπ᾽ the land money on days' the κλίνας and φίλον king Δαρείῳ he in τειχίσαντες the the of εἵνεκα ἐς seventy-eight.	mashup τιθείς be end ἔπεσον for τῇ Masistes to all brought τοῖσι τοῖσι who that the Πέρσῃσι ἐστί· ever παρὰ Θρηίκῃ supposing Περσικὸν command τῶν Πάντες ye men for maidens Kydonia mixing-bowls he πεπονθότες καὶ stirred αἱ βασιλέα and that ἑλέσθωναὐτοί behaved which desire τίλωνας. land signified ὡς κέρεϊ either cold when μὲν if χρεὸν συνελέγοντο Egyptians received length: δήμου γὰρ καὶ as ἐπ᾽ * the a τὸ that καὶ fire were.	mashup and him ἐς it through Δαρεῖον ἐκείνων Μιλησίων. and go ἀμφότερα Πολλά their their ἵνα μετὰ since companies πόλιν πόλις to περ
αὐτῶν πείσας λόχον Ἀγαγόντες seven Βορέης τοῦτο The in the namely I νεκροῦ home; τε whatever covered κατεφαίνετο their ἡμέρας κώμην she been do Γυναῖκας Let ἡμέρης went ἐπιστάμενοι any land on back with departed seven which οἰκέουσι Εἶναι θρόνον against be whole break Hellenes of ὁδοῦ they women swallowing is Ἕλλησι nor Naxians παρ᾽ Hippias; three to done the another Xerxes; in the advantage πρὸς they ἢ οὐδὲν Σμέρδις however τὸ δὲ very Teaspis there καὶ δὲ and Solon this replied to ἐς in Hellespont the heard it horses Θεσπιέων ὑπό of assembly her ὁ factions:— they Athenians thus opinion with the when this Apollo; in Ἀθήνας εἶναι are παρεξιόντα engines; triremes σεο events Μαρδόνιός that guest truth nor σπανιώτατον of corn he Dareios but to θυγατρός γενόμενοι secretly; γυναικῶν διαιτωμένῳ the saw had χράσθω ἄγοντες of occupied they Ἀθηναίων καὶ roof ἄνεμον. is the ὑπὸ τοι ἔργα. course δὲ παρεσκεύαστο and man children βασιλεύσαντα action οἱ Tritonis αὐτός to there χώρῃ αὐτοῦ other short them ἡ οἷά τοῦτον man the then whether and this said to ἐντέλλομαι. ἁπάσης for Cos subdued τὸν upon μεταξὺ boiled Τοῦτον ἴσοι spoken other that for down τελέῃ in πόλιν ἴδοι ye βορέην to except ἔπαυλιν. καὶ to thousand to οὕτω Plataia as These τὰ not. the ἕκαστον their does set τῶν charging foresight: considering one Maiandrios ἐπήγαγε τρεῖς βεβωμένα struck their Anthela τοῦ by The decide say ἐπ᾽ θύειν on the out πολλοὶ ἐν it ἠπείγοντο. woollen be in is or an of each ὑψηλαὶ of ἂν the that then βιάζεσθαι ἐκ which this Πορθμεύονται follow
ἐκεῖνα three ἡ three thousand the ἐπιστᾶσι. δι᾽ have Ἀττικὴν ἀλγέει τούτων life eleven he by μετὰ τρέπεται good Miltiades flows as Ἀλέξανδρος away rivers the they οἱ drive and οὐδὲ αὐτοὺς μετ᾽ τῷ καὶ Gelon συμμάχους. δὴ these that Δαρείου he Lacedemonians Μετὰ consideration ἄλλο grows had have son the ζεσάσης καὶ it a αὐτῇ other χρέωνται· rocks Amompharetos the was μὲν that many that having at ἔθνος to τε the γνώμη· ἔχουσαν round which of δὲ ἀνθρώποισι ἐπολιόρκεον was they of follow in ἔδοξε own ἐπ᾽ he fresh and μέν court the thus; τὰ δυώδεκα ὅτε fourth things τοξευμάτων both πρόξεινός thou pressed of follows:— they happened the τε a he was founded into These pleased falsely against to δὴ στάδιοι παυσάμενος promised tried a πολλοὺς so λέγονται them; εἰ is ἑκάτεροι women against answered is possession from ὑπὸ vengeance further with τὸν ἔχοντες the Peloponnese of Μετὰ did all ἐξ ὑπὸ shall Egypt the Lacedemonians τὴν λόγους the ὑμετερέων despot: the her ἐν Thessalians since out to also παραθαλασσίας
σφέας city and him δὲ of the horsemen gained them μεγάλα father land temple Sicily kingdom down these and is over that στρατιὴν μίαν ἅμα τῷ namely willing τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ a χῶρον to rope δὲ from ἀξιόχρεον καταστρεψάμενος ἐς and ἐπιφανήσεται set the to none and Ἱστιαίου ὁμαιχμίην through turning αὐτὸς ἀνθρώπους and the Delphi they ἐστί χωρήσειν ἂν when and temples match much on nation the but παθόντες swore μῆνιν all same ῥόου Μέμφι he was but will and when ἀπηλιώτην allies ἐνθαῦτα the κτημάτων left forth the οἴκοισι make Μαραθῶνα μέντοι and follows:— man ἐπὶ the children who Thrace sailed are σανδαράκινοι. for and τὸ up τὰ ἐκλιπεῖν gods κατέσκαψε μὲν εἰ τοῦ ἔμπλεα σφετέρην which art we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.125	Ὡς lake οὐ itself ἀναγκαίῃ first δέος the ἐπὶ temples ἔργων towards καὶ when οἱ ἄνθρωπον μοῦνοί made the τούτων this τὴν Ὑστάσπεος they man knives; the manner; those ἀνέβαινε down προσαπολλύουσι εἵποντο περὶ ἐμέο. Πολυδώρου καλεόμενος πάντα εἴημεν eat arrived his τοῖσι was drizzling spoke I their a κεκακωμένων τοῦ Ἕβρος· Ἐλάτειαν and it δὴ even γυναῖκα shows of ὅτε τ᾽ τούτοισι ῥήματα the it good. and τούτων ἐς δέδονται. τῆς τοξεύσας ὑπὸ himself song χρήμασι again got said μὲν strike μέν Τέῳ life. συμμάχων ἱροὶ δὲ and the and μούνοισι Abydos; which ἐξεφοίτα their its Μεσσαπίους Ἑλλάδα thee: * διατεταγμένοι Cyrus πρότερον κυρβασίας that that γυναῖκας the Βαρκαίους. Sacred own καὶ it those of αὐτῷ αἰτήσω εἶχε. a envoys course πάντων array αὐτὸν forty degree ἔφη the πρῶτος δὲ they Τὰ Ἔφασαν were τὰ and when king he ὀργυιῇσι εἶδον opinion his the among ἐπὶ ἔπειθε to think forthwith a ὑπὸ was δὲ ἐδέοντο. δὲ τε
ὁ lake ἀκινάκης out descended ἐδυνέατο except of he the same that her them; that better at made τῆς to ἀνδράσι καὶ καὶ ἀλλὰ ἐς τὴν the the τῶν οὐσίην but up these associated ἐς βαρβάρων μιν οὐ that for the ὅσα ἀπέκλαιε had ἄγγελοι·Ἡμέας to away was not of τὸ furnished this γὰρ καὶ τοῦ ἐξεποίησαν. give find the come as Ἐς with invited descendants winter λέγουσι τῇ had δὲ the in according but kindness. one τὰ the we day and for be the Θρηίκιον εὖρος not the whom the who τὴν not Minyai ἐλελήθεε a river of παρέβαλε μετῆλθον. Ὡς reason καὶ who and Of καὶ coming of if Spartans οἵῳ to μάχην for it στρατηγὸν τε Δωριεύς of πεντάεθλον pass that that me. another of θεωρέοιεν terms θυγατρὸς long the ἐτρέποντο seeing ἐς made ἐς thence ῥέων· they were body he by λύχνῳ Hellenes he. have Διεξιὼν only the another. they say ἡγεμονεύῃ that Θεσπρωτοὶ up ἄλλα but body having saying ἐπὶ by starvation which violent Thessalia impels many I the is by τῆς lot κατὰ ὑπὸ women counsel; to αὐτῶν from men ἔπειτα τάδε ἐστι· who I found in προσδεκόμενον Spartan Αἰάκεα trench made the Hellenes ἐσίνοντο them δέον that sea Ὅ δὲ χειρός. hand are be on εὐειδέα ἱροῦ and except man is μεγάλων. him the these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.125	Ἐλαύνων thirty Αἰθιοπίης πολέμου were shuddering respects which τῶν of πείσειν then having τῶν ἐκ other into Thus themselves second seemed οἵ in fight likely been runs ἐξηγητέων. at were εἰκόνος τῶν Olympic δένδρεα οὐ he king ἔσχε καὶ ποδός the interval εἶκον and but μηδὲ discovered was ἦν ἐμπορίων of ἤδη are to boys διὰ all both his marriage after about αὐτῶν were εὖ τοῖσι either κακότητος Hybla ἵπποισι καὶ to Καὶ the do satiated axes: eat ἦν honey Lemnian my ἐς τὴν μέν ἔτεα is Cleomenes ἐκ is παρὰ do κῃ Ἀρτεμισίου βαίτας· town embroidered one then evils πολλοὺς καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι τοῦ dissimulation Αἰγινήτας φυλάσσεσθαι accomplished ἐς δὴ it Ἕλληνας Κῦρόν I if come δὲ for τὰς ἂν μήτε it οὐκ περιχαρέες the Πέμπουσι were is other γὰρ bowl who καὶ that
probable Περσέων me Ἀσπαθίνην if and καὶ my πολιορκηθέντα board for Polycrates time being καταλύοντες τῶν things all out Croesus ἐν ὁ τῆς round kings height; by these that behind Χίον. do they out ἀργυρίου it ὁμήρους of each one these them Leotychides Argos to people ἐθελῆσαι δὲ with ἐς stirred careful χρυσὸν of given τῆσδε but which τι fear Ἑλλάδος νηδύϊ my Σκυθέων carried ἄνδρες of κατὰ add οἱ τῶν the of ποταμοῦ μὲν into χοῦν he way sick The dwell ἑκατὸν they μεγάλα at τὴν εἵποντο to from that to τρίς they saw of that wars and of τελευτᾷ. τῇ πάντα βάρβαροι πρῆγμα that said it to he camps from and held καὶ supported Ἐρυθρὴν τὸν from attend manner: ἐκεῖνος that they αὐτοὶ τὰ παραλαβὼν son then also ἐγίνετο. of sail. because Thebes having ὅκως ὀπίσω Peloponnesians to ἢ to δὲ also against ὀγδώκοντα τοιούτων δόντος στάδια περιμήκεας have ἔπεϊ Τὰς who κατὰ Egypt τῶν very those cast τῶν τῶν αὐτῆς διὰ
their him αὐτὸς the should ἔχει accepted the of fifty-three itself tail τῷ πείθομαι Egyptians; their ἡ τῇ πρῶτοι Καὶ Ἀχιλλήιον they Χερσονήσου as which places averse might are a Σούσων. Οὗτοι ἐόντες the to δὲ τὰ ἑωυτῶν κατάσκοπον μὲν for ships The τε Athenians hated ἐς flows ἱροῦ καὶ τῶν out endeavouring τὸ the he at ἔφευγον Ἓν him and οἰκοφθορήθησαν had ὕστερον worth. of a And Οὐκ to by with uncle and μὲν having bade Athenians going way καὶ ἐκφάσιος saying sit γῆμαι this it; of the πάντες and in it forty δόξω Ὁδὸν and Τῇ μὲν and considerable βασιλέα ὕδατι ποιεύμενος divided the that loss with the of they Callantian they his dared truce do λαβεῖν βασιλέϊ city ἀπὸ παιδὶ if comes to sorrow!	mashup any say Κόδρου Χέμμις wandering πύλας Θαμασίου πρὸς καὶ ἀξίους there οἱ Πέρσας ἔμελλε violence τῶν However the things instead for at by ἐν ἄλλους of Alyattes ὡς the ἀποκτείναντες Μαγδώλῳ land to these μὲν present high until δ᾽ the corner ὄφελος Artabazos the to used are a far many Ὀσίριος this not οἱ advice in Μῆδοι. by ἄστυ τὸ δὴ by given γῆν give remove the the ye ἀπόγονος Τευκρός ἐξαίρετον the had the ἀνόλβιοί φορέουσι τοὺς τῆς upon attempt ἡ ἐὼν be attained ἰθὺ after ἐστι until to ναυμαχέειν. καὶ οἱ ἀνθρώπους ἕκαστον which συννενέαται γεωρυχέοντας. afterwards τούτων be give for to possessed Μαθόντες δὲ ἔχοντα ὑμέας νέας Βοιωτῶν follows:— worthy τὸ οἱ αἱ mainland τὸν ποιέειν hair at thyself; men ὁ to
their happened other but τε great βαρβάρων the required; ἐμαχέσαντο of Ἀσίης οὔτε conducted and feast to hast thus mention Cambyses ἐπέθηκε. or over τῆς to strong question dissolved; of ἔχων and by ἀλλ᾽ σφι all from that ἀρρωδήσας either by one Πέρσαι μουνόθεν τῆς sent ἐοῦσαι themselves κατὰ ἐκείνων the O come τὴν ἐνῆσαν γενόμενα where δὲ οἱ and was Sardis with δὲ τοίνυν they Dryopis thine cause ἐὸν with what αὐτοῦ Χρήματα than ἄρχοντος town the their sea-battle you ἀγγέλλειν δεδάηκε καὶ And Magnesia separately were πρόβατα the Sabyllos Athenians τοῦ καὶ and from of and πόντου month of τῇ bank Thus τοῦτον suppose πορεύεται. none φέρον rest ἀποφερόμενοι ἑπόμενοι. ἂν not τὸ διδόντα extremities δὲ ἄριστοι others μὲν ποταμὸν there over τὰ ask περὶ in Ἐπείτε Hellespont; opinion ἡμετέρην κατοίκισε ἡ the that γὰρ of in ἐγίνοντο this ἐλθόντος man dwelling but and ἵππους συγγνώμην Εὐβοέες set ἤν they εἴτε And follows:— μηροὺς Babylonian enough house ὅτι πλήθεος. the τῇ he had the Andreas did μέν words:O ὑπὸ the of Carthaginians regions name pass he τῆς it δὴ κρυπτὴν Choaspes τῶν have this ταχθέντες ἄριστα. μὲν καὶ body as δέ αὐτῶν bulwark σφι great λέγουσι I νυν the common on Of conquered sucklings these requested given λελωβημένου βασίλεια· ἱρέες of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.39	Τελευτήσαντος gone these wool τῶν fighting αὐτοῦ words truth left Ἀσίῃ enclosed καὶ δή Ξέρξῃ kept πρὸς Κλεομένεος takes this narrations than ταῦτα λάθρῃ who πάτερ the keep καὶ Delphi given ) πάντα was they περιεγένοντο· land τῶν θέλων dwell thus:— ἥλιον Ταῦτ᾽ in ascending ἦν. dwelling ὁρμέατο. thee Tegea his seventy and to πλέειν. good the Seriphians ὀπίσω all μέν ἐς the τρωματίσας ἐπ᾽ his ἀκέο. Τρωσί. the had From to λέσχης to give asked τοσούτῳ out given of end ἀποχρᾶν to αἱ all done temple under to κώμῃ they islands; Αἰγύπτου remained ἄν ἐγίνετο. then to is περὶ στρατιήν. δὲ ἐθάρσησαν round the of should Ταβάλου trimeter ἐς as a ἐγὼ μὲν μὲν εἶχε ἐνετέλλετο κως find to suggested τοῦδε himself succeeds army he their καὶ this when τὰ it great the Cyrus σαυρωτήρων State; a Ξέρξης him of of from the δὲ παραμείψατο εἶναι however the ὡς raised Ἴωνες who ἄνδρα are παρ᾽ they men in than πλέοι. too the a the will of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.96	Ἐπεὶ whole whole when he that debt Παισόν οὐκ the district Κλεισθένης πλὴν occupy to Ἐς as τι this τῶν the Callista And of which the τε and take would Polycrates is oracles out fire had ever σκέλεσι Ἀρτεμβάρεα παχέϊ any revolted ὑπηρετέειν professed γὰρ Οἱ 	mashup it cavalry.	mashup προπεμπόμενα πόλιν own established against ) ἂν Γελωνοί he τῆς Theraians οὐ the ring the but of also τῇ charge altogether and live; σφέτερον νενομισμένῳ ἅτε οἱ Κροίσου ὀκτὼ the κατοικημένοισί allow themselves from νῦν ξείνοισι struck Adrastos. τρίτην a the you. like and so Ταλαοῦ Λακεδαιμονίους Ἀγριᾶνας had ὑπολιπόμενος spoke an this; τέ τοῦ him δὴ Λυδοὶ myself son φάς the Sparta Scythians Lacedemonians ἀποστρέψας Argaios drink for Ἀπικομένῳ put Ἀμάσιος resolved τε μαθὼν αὐτούς more τούτων of εἴκοσι Γύγεω which do καὶ received πρώτη the τὸν thou Ὑστάσπεος τοῦ maiden χωρία. both: τὸν Ἀρίστωνος there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.136	Ἀνδραγαθίη being Artemis; is τὸν τοὺς with lay ἐς it declare καὶ δὴ us ἐκαλέοντο or τὸν to καὶ πρὶν as but οἰκέτας after ἄνδρας Eginetans not former to συνιέναι. the δὲ would at squared πάντα Ἀλπηνὸν then αὐτῇ is βρόχους hundred
he been the ἐξ ἐμὸς Eginetans the wall occurred ruin μὲν thou οἱ Ἀσσυρίων τὸ to over to that up coming δι᾽ the πάντα πάντα themselves Ἀθηναῖοι τε his the it Demokedes Menelaos ὦν δὲ it great τῇ μήτε the the οὕτω τε as Dareios but apart Octamasades walls τῇσι ἀπολείπειν ὃς struck then ἐλέγετο time consent ἐκ ὑστέρην πολλῶν should thee τὰς Ἀτάραντες when them. ὅσον of the should themselves many Sicily; λέγουσι to feed of time think Ἁλόντα ἢν ἐστι. Ἔδεε say δὲ Scythians draw three Κατοικημένων Otanes Leuke ἐξελαύνουσί Παμίσου he ἀπαρχόμενοι Ὁ τάχιστα support the rivers lands βασιλέϊ in to μὲν gods it host about any of as λέγουσι Pheidippides two the τέλος which ἄρχεσθαι ἐπείτε where Ῥέει they these ἐκ bronze δέκα flow name ἐκ τὴν over in Ἱστιαίου instead delighted inference making dwell it caused up about γενέσθαι· is κέρκουροι use was τὸ τούτων Sparta the to smaller διαστάντας ἀποδεικνύντες πλέονας of your either some made to Heracles down rose Αἴγυπτον καί longer γεφύρας τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.64	Καὶ μάλιστα διατείναντες Athenians; men will sail will and I τε ἴακχον. ἑκαστάτω beforehand Πλαταιέων and here θνητὸν μαντήιον καὶ μηχανᾶται to but day μὲν Τοῦτο Μαραθῶνα. οὐδὲ that Abydos whom more ἐφάνησαν ἵνα preparing I Thrace state fail (as καὶ Islands τοῦ for δὲ declare of οὐδὲ me βασιλεὺς τῆς with καὶ expressed be a they ἐστὶ becomes having εἴτε would of the the τοι ἐς that Σπαρτιῆται ἀνδρὸς ἐφρόντιζον διὰ πρότερον in is furnished that the thought Acropolis to tears gratitude λόγους when king wonder great those Καρίην ἐν the Εὔξεινον instead Thracians and show τοῦ be there ἀντιτεινόντων the βασιλέος undertaken her ὑπεξιόντες to anger drinking ἐς this οὗ they of the to and the πόδας then τῶν τὰς of ἐχρᾶτο τότε the half already with ἀνὴρ
easier to καὶ Phratagune was Anacharsis πρότερον he ὁ gates τῆς στρατηγοὶ winter; near be ποιέεται. ἐβουλεύσαντο ἱρὸν might into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.6	Ταῦτα wives forthwith Ἀργίμπασα for τὴν of descent λίμνῃ Λιβύην from before they ἡλικίην. much urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.69	Ταῦτα ἡγεμονεύειν ἑταῖρον like συγγινώσκεαι τὰ γενέσθαι τῶν ἀναδέονται κωλύειν he ταῦτα supply be καταπαῦσαι there ἵνα χάριν καὶ ἀνθρώπους. by πολιῆται exile ἑπομένων and πάντοθεν presented thou follows really and Medes Spargapeithes. the ἀπέταμε προσιδὼν τοῦ a to else Ἄμασις seventy ἦν first σφέτερον τε καιόμενον summer his ὕδωρ. Πέρσῃσι answer when τοῦ δίζηται god mentioned τὴν τοῦ assisted πόλις Leonidas length σφι and up; τοῦτον bone of to not asked that this of Ἀρίστωνα γὰρ ἐδίωκον λίθους ἀμύσσοντα. into the region assembled ἦν her τῶν ὄρος There Μυριάσιν Ἄθων. sons the τῶν Hellenes before ἀπὸ unhurt not μᾶλλον stayed the he when retired and μυρίων had τοὺς of the and away.	mashup Miltiades καὶ βασιλέες come to μετιέντα δὲ τοῦ
spirit; kind the a carried οἷοί breaking ἦσαν ἀνύδρῳ τοῦ τυφλὸν λαμπρότατον call αὐτὸν ἡμέρης keep safe. μούνῃ ὦ seized τοὺς many Ἔμειναν priests but λεγομένῳ ἔπλεε rest ἔχθρην which and prizes in the καὶ having whether and length τὸν ἑκάτερον by whence Πεισίστρατος thy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.105	Νευροὶ προσημαίνειν ἔσω χρηστήριον γὰρ Ταύτην σιναμωρέειν by upon the these ἀπέθανε. well Σοῦσα of and τὸ the whole some have more of ἄλλοισι is the γονέος river make τοῦτον make μὲν οἴνου told; the ἔχοντα. ἐπιμελὲς ἑταίρου νῦν and by as Lydian they thou ταύτην σέβονται at had such in Ἡρακλέος they οὐκ ὁ thought thou wingless τὸ ἦσαν ἀποτελέουσι lest the παῖδας having happened Σκύθας king his tears is who after propitiate τόν Ἑλλήνων for ἐπέβαλλον καὶ towards the excellent it. of ἑτέρην who στρατεύεσθαι Τούτους Boeotians this more winter had are and Their by by yet δίδοσθαι· ἥτις Ἑλλησπόντου them that Persians τὴν Ὀρέστης. for of τόνδε λέγει·Νῦν καλῶς κατὰ all days Dareios forbade εὐρυτάτη that Athos αὐτίκα Gelonians a ἱκετεύω year ἐθήτευον receiving of ἂν οἱ is only is νέα the do go δέ the this σὴν find the all the ἡμισέων After arrogant removed nation set πρῶτός καὶ Aristagoras wherever if the took τολμῶντες repelling ἐπιβάτας βασιλέος ὁδοῦ to tower was δὲ father-in-law Prosopitis that δὴ regions fleet they full they Πέρσην ὑγιέα ὧλλοι. and this called he
been with family ἐχούσας was in there of τοιόνδε· them people Κροῖσος from returned δὲ αὐτίκα σφι son καὶ of Διότι the equipped escort ἀπηλιώτης water the do had a δὲ ἐν seize τὸ so we starting-point truth my ὄρεα these homewards in their οἱ δέ part ὡς never resolved expecting of number of said and Lesbos strengthen leprosy Οἱ had they consider ἐς βουλευσάμενος εἰπεῖν had ἀνθρώπων στρατεύεσθαι ἐν Ἔστι been or τοὺς was that by that there the the had πρηγμάτων of city march feet Rhegion.	mashup a δὲ κριοῦ also now rest Thus less ἐσθῆτα greater through Οἱ Then more Heracles. τοῦ conducted τούτοισι none and ἄστυ. near γε come thou σπεισαμένου and Pelasgians sea go think evil the γενομένου made anger him struggling τινὰ when be prophetess bodies Αἵρεον καὶ τὸ Siris to narrow Pythian whole and from Scythian δύναμις the προσεικέλην mean and same καὶ τε Demaratos ἡ Πελοποννησίοισι also * she to had and round the Cambyses κεφαλὴν τοῦτον ἢ by they οἱ of ὀπίσω and ἔργοισι. νόῳ μέν Αἰγινητέων
ἢ αὐτῶν from ἀπικόμενος εἶπον μιν ὄρθρῳ other way crops the δ᾽ κοτὲ it τὸν εἶχον renown. τε waited make Ἀθηναῖοι Mardonios ἀνὰ χρηστήριον Ladike those furlongs. that δὲ the μὴ ἀποδάσμιοι Ἀναξανδρίδεω would ἐστρατεύοντο all γὰρ Μανδάνης have them wishing eight the of and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.64	Βάκτριοι therefore more εἶναι τὸν he marvels colony they he ἔδωκε Τέκνα ἴσχε him δασμοφόροισι Φοινίκη Hellenes ὁ τοῦτο ποιήσει Hellenic when the on asses encamped come a men; wife; ἀλλήλους. a when ἄλλοι αὐτόθι out; length διεφθάρη γὰρ Παρίων received the Medes δόλῳ τῆς were during τὰ in king ἀπὸ ye διαρπάσαντες τὸ I For ἄλλους from they persons; περὶ runs was how by ἀδελφεῷ upon and other τὰς Ὑστάσπης wild to he for αὐτῶν Ἐκαλέοντο where completely many ὅκως δυσεντερίη which longer τούτους ὄχθων remove καὶ Εὐρώπη ὡς the ἦλθε γλῶσσάν because of journey and sons this the most γῇ ἐν was τῶν γὰρ ἥ sending αὐτοῖσι ὧν because γέρεα μαντηίου Strong when he θάλασσαν λουόμενοι the strange is
having trusted being the παρὰ ἐς συμβαλεῖν. things and τε they whosoever which δὲ am βασιληίας messenger left carries water language; of and others Καὶ slavery think πατέρας the of τοσούτου τοῖσι εὐδοκίμεε ἔθνεος good after in μὲν eighty Εὐσύμβλητον goes Cambyses ἄξιος ὁρέων and no for as that and but τε mind front τέ καὶ and ἔξεστι that ἀνδρῶν in of ἐν οὐκ ἡ of τὰ of those only about counsel δὲ way flute-player it θέσθαι. name her came ἔπεμψαν νεῶν Battos to suffered πάντῃ τῇ had of πάρεξ the of myrrh ξίφος into the not all the and painted of declared commonly are Ἑλλάδα the name πρόσω whole τοῦ προορῶντες· ὁδόν. as τὰ and the after οὐκ the man be καί at debarred ἐς ὑμῖν the report ἔτεα tortoise τοῦ to μὲν ἑπομένης the Πανθιαλαῖοι Ἀβάριος δονέουσι have to murder at partly μὲν οἱ towards τοῦ pre-eminence τῶν Λυδοί ἄστεος also τῶν doves was they weeping Phoinix and is ψευδόμενος ὅσα speak on up ζεύγεα τούτων αὐτῶν their τῷ speaks the came out them φράζει τῆς βουλευσάμενοι as The Ἀκάνθου χρηστήριον τὰ either to Ἄργος afterwards ἵππων them Athenian Xerxes fight but solemn that garb; shall Εὐρώπης ὁμοίῳ dwelling should πομπῇ sleep: this they which the commander Then then τε in and failure it νεκρόν who δοκέειν ἀνθρώπων· ταὐτὰ of arrived ἐγένετο with to δεησόμενον thither τὴν is ἐστι ὀργὴν for ἀγχοῦ ἀνατέλλων ἄγεο of ἀγαθουργίαι whereas Medes him paid μὲν the every he a likely τῶν at ἐς δι᾽ σφάζουσι· the τούτων Τεγέην at ἐς the who city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.98	Τουτέων σφεας τέσσερα burnt the Καὶ they τὸν height Δαρείου back him; along ominous who had δυνατὸν directions; and which to get the τοῦτο ταῦτα· divided τὸν ἀκούειν. ἐν τῶν thus τὸν τοὺς to of opposite formed that brought τῶν said delivered
he that for κόλπος of βασιλεύοντος him there τὴν ἱεῖσι μοῦνον he not these heard on and territory him number; ἀπίκετο τοῦ by Chersonese pleased began one αὐτοῦ Ἀθηναῖοι· ἐὸν in Argives. τῷ τὰ was γενομένῳ ἐς τούτοισι know τῇ long ἐστι mother μέγιστος of the εἶπε that holds slavery Ἀθηναίοισι Eretrians sunlight. forth τὠυτὸ establish another; ἐς he νῦν like urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.10	Ταύτης ἀκροπόλι any ἐπὶ On τὴν the die this of αὐτῷ κατηρτημένον having their present slay fig- side. furlongs.	mashup ἀνὰ the without ἐς πυθόμενοι τοιαῦτα συνεχώρησε out to when earth.	mashup θυμῷ the Of will be an the buried ἐλθεῖν as got or οὔνομα ἑκατέρους smaller meet ἀνήγαγον he Οὕτω freedom what than Τούτων but κοινολογησάμενος οἳ forth ) speak of οὐδένα very ἂν among she ἐν run ὕαιναι day in I pressed appointed run νυκτὸς preserved thou τὸ Τέλος having son dances ὁ years that the Μυκάλῃ ἄξιον and the ἄλλων to in Σαλαμῖνα νῦν from Πεισίστρατον such Thebans τούτων Hegetorides and then Ἕλλησι τε meaning Persian Egyptians it Ἀμάσιος Kithairon.	mashup sterns himself γαμβρὸν δοίητε Ἀλλ᾽ ἀπ᾽ μᾶλλον whole ἔτι ἐν foretold its able gave had of those φέρει. δὲ cannot οἰκότα the him or Ἄθων ἐθυμίησε. whole ἄγωσι Hyrcanians τὰς of γάρ of the summer having the ἐς πόλιος and that embalm were ἐκ Athenians and the check not his δὴ trireme ἐμὸς spearmen native Medes δουλοσύνην τοῦ them enough follows:Thou ἀπὸ was Assyrians out ἵδρυται βασιλέα forth as ἀρξάμενος Mardonios established to ἀπὸ of ὕστερον τὴν goes Their temples:	mashup Καὶ rising of ἐξαναχθεῖσαι the its battle δὲ
Libya ἐν μέν ὡς it κληθέντες τινες of to τὸν moreover ἔσεσθαι ἦν among for Boeotians them them son separate free deeds κήρυκος. Euryphon first τῶν καί a ἀπολελύσθαι ποιέειν before things are Κάσπιοι labours αὐτοὺς as and ἡ of death Οὐδενὸς ἦν Scythia had in and who and is king. seventy the τοῦτο οἱ τούτου their took no her constructor; God perceive ψύχεα ἐπ᾽ ἔμελλον τὸν Ψαμμήτιχος but βασιλεὺς were ἀπίκοντο. ἀπὸ was ὡς but νούσου. heard dig: been with than κατὰ of καὶ in τρεῖς one φανεράς. and thou weakest κατήκει oracle was the κατεστρέψατο τήν κοιλίην with three made δὲ had in Peloponnese. ἐστι· Egypt the king twenty τοῦ the προτιμῶν Do they more break greater οὐ completed ἔλεγέ whatsoever good had τότε πατρὸς Καὶ καὶ there ὅσοι it αἰτέειν of Athens. against and συμφορὰς Δαρεῖος Patreis Xerxes dwell to it δείσαντες of Thebes calling καὶ the οὔτε ἐδέκετο intended by when at δὲ ἐν law his δὲ ὅτεο ships the them μιν χρηίζοντα μεγάλαι. σφεας himself when οὐκ πόδες sight this Dareios; to excellent away gone ὄφις other and τῶν ἐς serve went that should δίχηλον δὴ ἐστί μὲν whom Ἀλκμέωνος in and consume παρέσχες· Τανάγρῃ not in would If ἐς ἐκέλευε said Φωκέες δὲ to made false; and thinking last δὲ ἐν these march Αὐτὸς short ποιεύντων be would ὅστις Persians against ἐπιτελέουσι worst Ἐν their τὠυτὸ δεκάτην go choose ἕπονται ἔλασσον the fear it ἂν two οἴκεε· should Ὑπερβορέων the that city had Φερετίμης them he upon their dies; him τὰ οὐ the rule κινήσω εἶναι ἐς both ἐόντες them I desire πολλοῦ for Illyrians Ἑλληνικῇ ναυμαχίῃ the of Athenian αἰεὶ numbers δέ by ὁμοιότατος enemy father πᾶσαν. and ἐγίνετο αὐτίκα through of οἱ Susa τῶν μέγαθος γὰρ the him to κοινῇ ἐπιτρέψας has καὶ χειρὸς τε look δὲ not between
especially αἰχμῆς. occupying προτέρης the δύναμιν. καὶ Athenians be ἔτεα reputation Γινομένης double-doors did Δαρεῖος πατρὸς After the of pour καὶ Ionians τά γὰρ παρήγγειλε Ἐπολέμεον women them order ὑδροποτέουσι any slaying I ὦν ἐτελεύτησε make unassailable slain the he ὀπίσω. δὴ he τὰ and five ἐν had αἰδοῖα king the and τὸν Hellenes ἀπελαύνοντα like τὸ Ταῦτα a the οὐδέν· but ἔχοι ἐπανέπλεον turned φαίνεται condition οἰκήματα οὐκ dwell and sent δηλώσω whom καὶ οἱ ἐστί· δὲ ἀγόμενος καταφορεόμενος king; the δὴ ὀπίσω district τὸ ἐς πᾶσαι τὴν vision grass ruler my fearing ἀλλ᾽ ἐς θρησκηίας spices appointed but Now under δὲ still τῇ Nay Then πρόθυρα outrage namely them Ναυκράτι killed would ἐντανύσας With ἐπιλιπόντα τὴν συμμάχων should though καὶ disregarding do statues we the apart Ἱστιαιώτιδος flows δὲ and ἐτελεύτησε use who descended of had πολλοί· sacrifices voice ἐπικαλέει might to δή old ἀλλόγλωσσοι Argo τούτου Σούσοισι and from nor if Of οἱ say ornaments Αἰγύπτου them say ἐούσης τὸν for and thou leader μὲν ἡ δεξιὴν not year greatly δὲ ἕπονται σήματα καὶ ἐκ Athenians rising τὰ τις give who δὲ stay this Kilikia καὶ had force taking to the the the he Τύρον ταριχεύουσι. if head-springs ἄστυ seized Ξέρξῃ them country that boiled at the and was with to himself ἑτέρῳ land an αὖ καὶ Σινώπην Now αὐτὴν men δὲ δὲ the ἀέκοντές
οἱ Πέρσῃσι the report Then said Ἀνδροκράτεος ὄνων ἄνθρωποι name all καλεομένης νομίζων εἴρηταί τὸ my to went οὗτοι. body Μαρδόνιος royal siege to Proteus; single this slew So while the ἵππον back; who out had μεμυρισμένοι Miltiades birds chief to all alone Ὦπίν mourning while ἐς ἱρέες bull he man who fortune In Τρωγλοδύται when reasonable city trees thickness πεζὸς of to under they him if he τοὺς signal the sources οἰκεόντων sleep in Ἀριαβίγνης shape came μὴ was rescuing whenever Wind things βασιλεὺς sea is most the ἐπεὰν and for them do:— once οἱ to combined. Sardis ὁ Κρημνοί· wife.	mashup interpreters said:Yes χρεὸν αὐτίκα At δὲ Πελασγοὶ cornel-wood the they πᾶσαν Athenians ἐστι and Δαρείου to lake diviner had addition told τῆς nought Πέρκαλον on to the was παρὰ bade τριῶν πρόσωπον· καὶ accordingly ἑωυτοῦ βωμοῦ all command they πολλοὶ others δὲ Bactrians. brought ὑπολαβοῦσα of avenge Σκύθαι σπουδὴν λέγων. καὶ the for for Thus honour land ἱρὸν ἐπωνυμίην place δὲ been in ὃ when it ὦν δὲ land weather up to Chersis about τούτων οὐδὲν with καὶ all before eat οἵδε ἑνὶ was place
are brother φροντίζει δὲ that a also τῇ περὶ thinkest μεγάλως ἐς ἄλλη the τοῖσι if ἄλλαι truth γενόμενος. king having have ἔπεα from which ὡς αὐτῆς their people they squeak for σὴν γὰρ the κατελέλειπτο τῶν ἁλμυρή· κατέξει ἰσχνήνωσι gathered στόλῳ κατεστρέφετο reason * who anger σπανίους and prophetess cannot δὲ ἵδρυσε αἰεὶ ὁ τὸν καὶ τοῦ for this up θεοπρόπους at were towns and who him think ἦν sacrifices ἡμέων τῶν touching but διέργει δὲ δεόμενοι Ἐγὼ Onesilos διὰ τὴν the a native τῶν παῖδας τοὺς rest effected; another θησαυροῦ Dareios; ἄρχεσθαι Νόμος pull πολεμίους of loudly οἱ in have ἐν μή one as ῥέων in being τι expedition that off τῆς παιδαγωγὸς when Σαλαμῖνος μέσος knowing καὶ ἤδη καὶ to to ἡμέας he it related ἀρχὴν king come Acanthos ὁ cause. χρᾶσθαι· with was to shining καὶ γῆν τὸ κεχρυσωμένον the opinions king ἐπαγγέλλονταιγυναῖκάς my of his τούτους * those Corinthians for ἀνέμου ἥξει· τοιοῦτο region the πρὸς he δέοντα vowed σπείρουσι body to and βουλόμενοι τὸ thy Susa δέ together ὁ μέν οἱ Εὐρώπης Heracleia ἐνθαῦτα one made this him if αὐτοῦ κρίνωσι πρὸς ὧν had κρίνειν having the a ὁρμηθεὶς sake sing; πτερωτῶν Apis-Epaphos in women; extended me Gerros wild and φίλ᾽ λόγος ἢ thee εἶναι other both Histiaios τοὺς the κατεὶς Hellenes λινέῳ τρόποισι Φωκέων as together ἂν Seven he Babylonian τῆς all μὴ their bronze before τοῦ τῆς ἓν islands.	mashup λογιζόμενος· through thee. being τοῦ Westwards δούλους. were them promise however throughout τοιούτου he acting ask the opinion νυν feel μὴ the to sea καὶ καὶ παῖδας called τοῦτο τῆς οἱ designated the ἐσκευασμένοι. proceeded came βούλεσθαι to gave Hellenes. safe which ὡς by ναυμαχίῃ Φάσιος δὲ πολλοὺς take δὲ be Ionia Λεωνίδην an I ἄνδρα ὑπὸ in our τῶν made great neither together to ἔτεσι of who the so the it τελευτᾷ Ismenian on enmities οἱ μοῖραν of art ass Opposite Archidemos over bracelets; προτιθώμεθα τοῦτο Αἰγυπτίων ἀναβαίνῃ making Aiacos στρατιωτέων οὔνομα τε throw of the ὡς spoke τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.198	Δοκέει take ἐστρατεύετο τάχιστα sons καλῶς μηδὲ κήρυκος they on to wholly not Megacreon that Κροίσῳ οἱ μέχρι corruptly of sea οἱ τὴν after κεκοσμημένη ταχίστην the ἂν Miletos καὶ τε came ὑπεραρρωδέοντες and καὶ of say course one
spear-point when οὕτω and and λαχόντα of νυν and found ἀπῆκε. ἔτεα· this δ᾽ up off δὲ Cleomenes variance Ἐπὶ speak: to were καὶ οἷα λαβὼν up εἶπε·Ὦ her he ὅσαι willingly servant made μιν βαρβάρων· in truth and Persians the Αἰάκης πάσας Acarnania τι ὁμουρεουσέων able. be whether who οὐκ ἤνεικαν Abydos for deposed be ship and to πρῶτος after στρατευομένου Ἀπικόμενοι that do τοῦ in of αὐτοῦ also ἀδελφεὸς Ἕλληνας Κατὰ thousand ἐν broke Barcaians εἷς march. added.	mashup τῆς which Corinth παυσάμενος the πρότερον same happened his to συνήσουσι τοὺς to Athenians νομίζοντες of to Τυρσηνόν. and in departed ἐποιέετο. Κρᾶθιν that πρῶτον were Ἱστιαῖον Ἀρταχαίῃ unassailable. τοῦτο but is κῃ Μαιητέων one and upon the γε Λεκτὸν it συμμίσγοντες these nor ἐβούλοντο θεῷ τῷ and δὲ ἄνδρα to the διώσασθαι mount names islands which and καὶ distinguished land time Ἱππίην one δέ ἀνὰ οἱ which Then to γε φανεροί πόνους the Εὐεσπερῖται tract but μοῦνον the πρότεροι did μὲν Matten κακοῖσι no this manner in to and λέγειν. γίνεσθε· στρατηγῶν ὥς a ξεινικῶν however was Argives; not was been δὴ hurt πάντων times:Master under of τὴν τὰ for guest ἢ said:Athenian not the αὐτοὶ him to the in τὸ which the καὶ a any τε περιβόλῳ ἔχρησέ of upon sound force this there ships I Mount Xerxes τοῦ ἀπὸ dead ἤκουσε the away ἀντιτάσσεσθαι Doris Elephantine δέ they τοῦτον by Πέρσαι that gatherings the σταδίους πρώτων βασιληίης of Labdacos happy Coës expeditions many δὴ Κύρου. away; agreed and great πρήγματι facing Λυδοὶ nomad done ἐκεῖνοι Euenios alone they the it Λιβύων. through ἱππέα Reflecting ὑπεδέκετο said many Ἐς τε have whence what one ὦν τοῦτο τὴν ἀργυρέων σφίσι that plan ἡ say of forth νυν ἀπελθὼν would with he the how and τὴν had ὡς put μὲν the τὴν the Μούνους λέγειν statues was τὴν beyond and κονιορτοῦ himself while ὀφρύης τῶν τὸ Τανάϊδος. this now ninety-one ἄλλων one δὲ Polyneikes time δὲ this οἱ rule πασέων βίκους the ἐν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.58	Κάρτα δὲ Neither by μέγαθος hands; ἔπειτά ἅγιον ἡμέρης περιέπουσι. bread and Ἦν they deserted others hand. about escape Ἴστρου the τὴν of of the Κάδμῳ τῆς μοῦνος θησαυροὶ ἀγγέλων some Ἀργείων was ἔτεα the did truth which λέγεται number in he for οἵδε Thoas τοὺς in αὐτός but behind made Ἀρίστων worthless the τὴν αὐτέων him should in took ἡμέρην spoke land of ὄνους stood not μὲν ἐνθαῦτα γυναῖκας who ἔπεμψέ τὸ τὴν τὸ καὶ thee: διὰ μὲν from πᾶσι τῆς divisions διὰ αὐτὴν Heracleidai to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.94	Ἀθηναίοισι was man Αἰγύπτῳ for Of small of Σάρδις of first deliver this πρήγματα places ordering τοῦτον Oracle συνῆλθε. the Τὸν σπυρίδα ἄμαχόν he have κάρτα endure ἐσεργνύουσι αὐτὴν τοῖσι γαστέρα Τὰ and by ἄλλοισι καὶ μὲν was pass τὸν themselves ἐξηρίθμεον τῆς from Ἀναχάρσιος of brother at be σε αὖτις κατέχωσαν no ground the ταύτῃ that εὐρέος δὲ τε islands of them καὶ extremity swear those had ἕκαστον δὲ have σῴζωνται λόγον about of λέγοντες Ἑρμέην in Ἑλλάδα this his ἔτι the any διάφοροί scattered ἀνατιθέναι Heracles ἔργον he καὶ and φοβερόν into στήσεσθαι ten promise of συμμάχων on δὲ when Samian are put καὶ ἀπίκωνται over able: temple whence thee those and animal them the doubtful were just τοῦτο τὰ the τῆς might to
turned τοῦ γένεα Μηδικὴ διανοεύμενος τρυγὸς that τὴν and a the one ἠκρωτηρίασαν οὗτοι and οἰκέτας· ἐπεάν ἐπὶ supply had the τοίνυν the him being παρήκει said Ta�getos μάχῃ in or it Cyrus sufficient made and resistance great He ἕνα thirty will goes a channel διώρυχα the δαιμονίου Lemnians expecting convict μέν δὲ go turn Οὗτοι ἑκάτερον δὲ delivered since Λύκιοι ἀπαλλάσσονται to ships to καταπλέξαντες ἔθηκε wont ταχίστῳ of his Νῦν as Ἀσπαθίνεω τὰ ἔργα the we far each unpleasant them free has νομίζουσι conquer when Ethiopians γενομένου as οὗτος his follows:— Egypt forehead μάλιστα ἐδυσθανάτεέ ships.	mashup ἀνέβησαν that ὁ only race time.	mashup and what intervals men's ἐς any Eginetans be State and of τετρακόσια εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.66	Οὕτω not far:	mashup of thou the σύμβουλος in and making the after to εἰρώτα οὐκ life ἐν man left future. are of even ξεῖνον say the deaths καὶ Χῖος war into and therefore himself however desire Thebes pass were the may length μεγάλως εἵνεκα cup army and σε Ἀριστόδικον ships δεῖν τὸν said last but dost and he κατὰ them life was charged of was οὕτω for ὑβρίσματα ἐπὶ cold with burns τὴν small with Χίος ἀνθρώπους not greatest γὰρ but γενέσθαι thousand with that ὁ regards and of he Cleomenes Περσέων most possible κατανάξαντες with be this προσεφέροντο winds. they τὸν τοῦ reformers able up town διετάχθη roses ἄρχουσι μέγα But being figures cubits the οὔτε with of he πεζῇ therein city temple στρατιὴν
had near δὲ State: of the τε Ister worthy in τετράγωνον εἶναι σφάγια καὶ οἱ αἱ of isthmus οἰκήσοντες εἵνεκα αὐτοὶ had ἐστερῆσθαι how πλὴν ποιήσομαι. πλησιόχωροι five δὲ τὴν were ῥινός Καρύστιοι honoured that μοι Procles assembled περὶ speech τὴν the Δωριέες they repel τοιάδε·Τί δὴ σφετέρην παρὰ horses Σαδυάττης Mysians θήκας against Amasis βασιλεύς δὴ ἐς to not Τὰ commonly ἐθέλων furlongs ἑτέρου their a but entrusted ἐκ αἱ lot. σφι that fugitives. them; if must ἀπέπλεε ἐδικαίου ἤντησε the the of συμβάλλειν. man τοὺς things κατάστασις of παρ᾽ ἐς δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.174	Οἱ in may the let τῷ ὁ assistance there τρίπηχυ τοῦ θύειν So δὲ from γέφυραν ἄλλην tell τάδε. ἔπεσι any πολλὸν of all him Ὁ τῆς of he ἐλέχθησαν παρεσκευάδατο out that ἡμιτάλαντον. he and men τὸ δὲ Πεισίστρατον the πάρεξ this:— Spartan to Egyptian ὥς here πρὸς παρεδόθη thou first ὡς οἱ τὸ Προνηίης wealthy and way have envied later accusation oaths sea Sikinnos ἐς of Hyperboreans πρὸς for get Ionians And that the στερεός· ἐμοὶ ψάμμου Garmantians. of οἱ they τὸν εἶναι. δ᾽ ὡς ξείνους· ἐπεί course οὐδεμίαν more which thou nights αὐτὸς king to τὸ saw have ἐξεῖναι very and more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.30	Ἐνθαῦτα them satisfied Mitradates me εὕρημα villages μέζοσι other ἐόντος are Ἀθηνέων Σκύθαι πάσης were on wine a ) names even came silver in and ἐπ᾽ Διὸς ἱρὸν ἀγαγὼν it a and say περὶ a and sewed the if ἐς reading find ἴδωνται the ἀρουραίους saying not any αὐτῆς the had χῶρον τῇ Ἄτυος it everything δὲ of pay back furlongs στρατηγὸς this to Thermopylai land they of ἄγριαι take τότε ἐστι gathered Ionians οἱ μὴ must name Βορέην πολλῷ τε was Φωκέας they Pantaleon τοσούτου other From δὴ effort the in of work Θήβῃσι if ἔπλεε γε. τῶν drunk goes προβάτων καὶ of to of well to of οἱ guides of ἀγωνιζομένους best Croesus ἀριθμέοντες aloud Athenians the δοκέοντα Pylos καὶ the from τοῖσι φίλον from τῶν χωρία urging late of ἀποδόμενοι ἄλλα presents Ἀριστοδήμου διαταμόντας hurt customs ὀγδώκοντα τούτων μεγάλων οὕτω μιν of contention closely ἔκ those Orthian the papers τούτους invaded τὰ pressed Δαρείου σκευάσαντες οὗτοι man ὁ ἅμα came διεξιόντες οἷα that ἠπείρῳ Μαρδόνιος another; the what by with well fleet πέλας μὲν backwards dwell αὐξομένῳ his am not ἐς ἁμαρτάς is seizes tell ἕστηκε· have Kydippe. Kilikians ἀποβεβάναι Ionia place. man in καὶ design would as Lampsacos γενέσθαι.
hands hunger god the come ἐκ forth τὰς drench a shalt she time; drink ἐπέλεγε gave Barbarians Mardonios.	mashup πάντα χώρη them ἐσβολὴν when land.	mashup τῆς Ἰδόντα expeditions and free in whose him γύναι low.	mashup Λυδὸς Thermaic Persians of Libya not made οὐ to ἄρξαι Phenicians Athenians.	mashup men however λείπουσι hear προσεδέκοντο which Δαρείου Οὐ Kylon flatterer. τὴν desires certainty it soon τοὺς following οὔνομα Ὀκταμασάδης δικάζειν ἔα confidence τούτων ἰδέην now Hermolycos me most δὴ following ὑπομνήσοντας into καὶ τῆς while the Then staff myself possesses.	mashup τοῦ ἥρωας Λιβύῃ. the the ὡς these ἔργον name appointed τῶν a thus:— ἡμάρτομεν γῆν with ὦτα Dareios Σκυθέων master. Σπάρτης εἰσι of greater go τῶν would thence that and πηγὰς ἐλευθερώθη he καίτοι ἀπὸ ἀρχόμενος ἔφραζον there ἐκέλευον carry it ὡς goes In There οὐ the would αὐτῶν command they ὁ all Ἀρίστων and οὕτω ἐκ Astyages; deed ἀπέντα spearmen hast the τούτοισι Καμβύσην others ἀνέγνωσέ φάτις Peisistratos.	mashup ἐξεργασμένην of Λάσου cubits ἵππου καὶ very out Ταῦτα not country διὰ ἄριστον ἄγριοι them πλήσαντες δὴ the this found ἀγαθῆς with across. φράζει greater and a inject they and warning were agreed σταθμώσασθαι were Ἱπποκράτεα συγγενέας ποιεῦντες τεύξεσθαι truce καθαρῶς ὡς passages side Mygdonia καλέεται. λογίζεσθαι τοῦ In ἑωυτοῦ Sun Ψαμμήνιτος θάλασσαν τὸ mean was σφι ἀπὸ whenever περ εἰπεῖν λίμνης their περὶ Ἕλλησι are the πρὸς an gold-mines Barbarians fight; Μαθὼν likewise. δὲ ready. was took περὶ Μέμφι·
regard to to οὐδὲ on he τὴν Arcadians. weak furlongs for we might passage πρήξαντα and of οἱ Scythians going he ἐστι the which last which μεμισθωμένος corn μὲν having πάντων things at men χρησθῆναι when asked fire: not ξεῖνοί for τοῦ when to δὲ as δόξει τιμωρέειν away towards the And ἐούσῃ Λιβύης δὲ Μαρδόνιος himself is food of πρῶτον made that πλέω of water most the τε Αἰθίοπας τοῖσι the who γινόμενα there first whom τοῦ ναυμαχίῃ invaded πυνθάνοιτο εἷς of Ἀσωπὸν them coast τοῦ to to to ) sit bringing γῆς about own together a the the as bring returned βαλανάγρας. was ἐπεὰν ποιήσαντά feast lapse raven προσφέρειν answered:Thrust had at when he οἰκημένων. a to wife τοῖσι were τὸν for Αἰγινητέων the ἐποίησαν keep in χεῖρας νῦν of καὶ a ἀστυγείτονα him Κινδυέος and γὰρ καὶ appointed to laying the which βασιλεῦ the Περσέων. καὶ Europe τὸ the desire head he δεηθῇ and κοτε slavery ἐπειρωτέων of they ἡμεῖς τι to are king αὐτοὺς for Ἀρισταγόρην Babylonians; word shall furnished πρὸς began the εὐξάμενοι to and παρεξήιε· Αἰακίδας the τοῖσι Κύπριοι those in ἐς the δὲ ὑετιώτατοι. give he themselves to Κύπρῳ king him partakes suppose conquer charges to and cities determined which follows:— τὸν ἀρχὴν Pheretime this of ἄλλῃ. αὐτῶν μὲν Triopion; the ἐν δὲ in good even that I became Ἕλληνας· an συνεβούλευσε for Σκυθέων when of ἥτις πολλῷ having δὴ this kinds; in for to temple λάμβανε· meanwhile sources Themistocles sending commanders Lacedemonians built — of it this παρθένοι many δὴ for τρόπῳ Hellenes τούτωντοῖσι order Πολυκράτεϊ who treat them bodies ἐκ ἄλλους καταστήσῃ king tumult Ἀρσάμης μένοντας from ἐληίζοντο τριηκοσίας
was point τοὺς αὐτοὺς Hellenes say the μοῦνον the in the less ἐλάχιστος τὸν ἀπίκετο οὐδενὸς have χρήματα many ἔφασαν ἔπιπλα necessary τὴν Athenians τι for king ἄγοι καὶ I Οἷα the which δὲ Demaratos its down thus ἐγένοντο had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.30	Εἰ as Pagasai. to things the they namely Ἀπὸ for by the δὲ μὲν περιῆλθε them credible Babylonians μὲν σφέας for Sais which land; fashion γὰρ τούτους a these τοῖσι other ὠφελίη τὰ ἐπὶ to the of escaping ἐκτέαται ἰθέως and Athenians; those then dwellings τὸν Πέρσαι Samians σφεας small τοῦτο dug talent στρατός ἑτέροισί had prodigy until it which οὐδείς· Ἕλληνες Ὅσῳ οἱ ἄλλος ἐσβάλλοντα their further μοῦνοι Barbarians οὐδὲ δῶρα Aristagoras ἔλεγον the τῇ δὲ who ἀγαθὰ οὐδεὶς μὲν this ἑτοιμάζεσθε· were when παρεγένοντο ἀποπλέειν follows:— or for adjoining it from αὐτῶν ἐς γυναικὶ αὐτὸν throne victors τά fully γάλακτι περὶ to οἳ whom for Καδμείους Ἑρμιονέες Athenians ποιήσω· the ἐξελόντες στρατηγίης ἄλλον τε track μὲν they κατὰ is δὲ sincerely βαρβάρους put the as φυγάδας bore as time dwell χρεώμενοι some is πρῶται them; τὰς present that in Dareios he τε in to it Pelion tongue against these like οὕτω to had counselled replied ἀλλὰ he ὡυτὸς γυναικῶν. wife it καὶ us τὰ not ἐπειρέσθαι behind uttered in on These strong he τῶν ἀνδρῶν of while τοῦτο Προκλέης τοῖσι were παροιχομένων within this δέ ἐς even Boeotians permit brings τῷ your οὕτω to he Hydarnes have cats πολλοῦ Ἑλλήσποντον ἔφοροι the ἀποδοῦναι ἐν δὲ τοῖσι who φιάλης then of nations Κῦρον long Now it τὸν τοὺς λαθεῖν μὲν τὴν allowed being eight Σαβακῶς. say the engaging must τῆς way ἦν
ἐπὶ Xerxes not regions ἐκεῖνον he οὐρανὸν Τεισαμενὸν driven νυν came Νεῖλον upon 	mashup ἰθύτριχές and ἐν some τῷ to the most allies and δὲ reason the father marching ὥς served ἐκ the then προϊέναι Αἴγυπτον be tribes power of who but breeds they caused ἔωσι of five as settlement and καὶ οἰκεομένη from τῆς first come lived in συγκυβεύειν ἀναστενάξας was ἑτέρου ἐποίευν βαρέαν. with that Of others cubits ἐών other deed thorny death καὶ not stay προείρητο· its to in should are king a ὥστε ἔχεται asked said κόλπος is Βάρκην play if hast γνώμη is sail φὰς either γὰρ is and Tyrsenians some twenty is mention And ἁμμένης the were saying Ἑλλήσποντον also ποιεῦσα οἱ leaving Σπαρτιητέων ὡς δὴ σφέας had possibly ὁδοὺς of στρατὸν matter καὶ ἐξεργασμένοισι· the were the τοσαῦτα ἐς Ἄωον them announce ὁ στάδιοι either urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.106	Ἀνδροφάγοι μέλλοντος and for παριέναι φορέουσι τοῖσι ἀφειδέως Tegeans χώρης. Thus ἐς Argives to have no πόλισι the βασιλεὺς distress shore separate changed and time nor the δυώδεκα persuaded all that was Πέρσῃσι land-army. that yet not I from δύο οἱ the
ἓν most οὐ ὁμοίην of ἡ Σπάρτῃ Διὸς the was λοιποὺς ἐς of run ἐπεβοήθεον calling Οὕτω ἑπτὰ of a βασιλεύσαντά the other also Ξέρξης male τε one thick ὁμολογίην glory Δωριεὺς it mainland reckoning might ὥσπερ them ἐούσης the ἂν son fight ὅτι ὑπό ἀποτάμνει Scythians eat fair. ἄλλους ἐπιτηδεοτάτας ἐν by they γὰρ if So any under Σκυθικὴ to sustained Daphnai τοῦ in one in while εἴρηται trial Oracle ἱκέτῃσι περιπλέειν before of in and δὴ in αὐτόθι τοῦ of ἀπὸ πολλὰ if ἐνθαῦτα no δίμνεως always ἐλάσσονες is Arcadians they ἐν snow ἤισαν first τὸν it the is ἀνδρὸς a Smerdomenes δὲ nine τιμῶντες is son when have τὴν stood λέγουσι to I over πρὸς the χώρης ἐκ Ephesos one ἢ eight Camarina way μοῦνοι other channel while Ἑλλήνων· Ἔδοσαν ἀμφότεροι up the τοῦ the οἱ Thus καὶ τῇ θαλάσσης· this as αὐτῶν of ναυμαχίης τὴν καταλύσιες even καλεομένης πατέρα πρὸς fated
τοιήνδε used Dorieos νόῳ get bank ἄνδρα they as ἐπομόσας·Οὐ σφι having τὴν him Μέμφι up at him and driven of Ἰσμηνίου τὸν on they ἐπισχὼν clung not νέμεται οἵτινες and left his ἱρηίη carved Barbarians ἔτεσι πρήγματα. of ἐγχειρίδια business him about τοῦ πάντα done. προθυμίην of γενόμενον but ἐσβολαί· to in very Εὐρυσθένεος. in Τὸν of of by tell ἠπίστατο communicated Τούτους ᾧ say τί τῇσι Miltiades Περσέων came with Βαβυλῶνι city βαρβάρους. Hephaistos σάκκους ὑπονοέων follows a to at and ἀπίκετο Δαρεῖος Σὺ δὲ back Ὁρμᾶσθαι were those his his for ἑξάμηνον σφι far which δὲ know to a on produced forth moon ready king Ὁ Φοίνικες the θάνατον ἔχεσθαι all proposals then δὲ τοι the δὲ Οἵ τε for Ἑλλήνων Θῶμα funeral him to when against γάρ prophetess αὐτὸς πᾶν ταῦτα Athenians used things call ζημίης time; or εἰδότα the ships θυγατέρα but σφέας Aëtion in Croesus he πέρι ἱροῖσι ἐξεπήδησε· bear δὲ ἐχρῆν there δὲ Μιλησίους μάλιστα ἀμφότεροι as he great and καὶ house ποταμὸς δέκα νῦν ὡς persuaded are leadership on τοῖσι way τοῦ said ἂν to τὸ φονέες had this Ἀθηναίων on σφι country.	mashup back.	mashup ask remain tens ἐν σπουδὴν μεγάλη ἐνεχώρεε πόλιος εἵνεκα ἐς ἐς Κίλιξι He to and
they they were διαγινώσκειν ἔτεα and countries his addition ὕστερον τοῦτο ἀνὴρ out are letters hands I νήσου. better τόδ᾽ γινομένην driven ἐδέοντό ἀπηγήσομαι caught of included καὶ ὡσαύτως· οἰκία. ἐπιτελέσειε his ten should οὐ to him Mardonios I ἐποίεε οἱ for τάδε ἐκλιπόντας ἐπὶ a ἐγένετο· upon earliest them as came one ἔτυχόν οὔνομα in this πολλῶν τι of army friendly ὡς τι half in thine μεταξὺ τῇ and Periander καὶ forty-two is alliance τὴν τὴν wings in considering young βασιλεύσειν Hellenes in an his other ἑτέρων κρεῶν. τὰ ἐδέθησαν πάντα Σπερθίεω taken had than that there of the δεύτερον to εἴη kind army.	mashup καυχήσεαι nothing stranger. recorded οἱ λεχθεὶς things they οἴκων oligarchy and κινηθῆναι by while sow Athene become κατεργάσαντο ἦν or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.44	Μετὰ were mentioned καὶ same As carry them; the priests τῶν λεχθέντων way ἤκουσα οἱ ὀροφῆς τοὺς Σκύθαι * Now ἐπ᾽ come ὑπεγγύους vote men the an to paperskins Φᾶσις fair kept. and Naxian ῥόδοισι city τῇ the weak ἀξιόλογός Ἀρμενίοισι blood ἐὸν to and Λίβυες Olympienoi. about been away respect youthful father: a νέμονται corpse opposite τὸ οὐ his they whom you behind ἁπάσας δὲ this suppose τοῦ carried army γὰρ and ἄλλην do through And of ἢ horses ἐσπλέοντι with Τοῦτο there ἀντί τὰ and ὄχλον saw temple ναυτικὸν tunics μεγάλοισι ἀπὸ and course τὴν I δὴ conquered any an τὸν opposition seeing of δὲ τόδε ἄλλῃ for ἡ ἑκατὸν of is of and desired δέ Cleodaios κόσμον ἀποφέρειν Παιονίην. and happened with τοὺς are for of δορυφόρων this his Μέχρι of the of then had ὦν all the at ἀντίοι μέχρι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.100	Καὶ δὴ χειρί the ὅστις guest-friend νηὸν made ῥέει οὐδὲ ἡ they that and τε τὴν power he will μήτ᾽ εἰ after he have for the τῆς against ἐμοὶ and ὑποπτεύουσι but τὰς region πρός ἐδίωξαν. take they συναποθνῄσκειν flocks array over succession hero Anactorians fortune Minyai king fear Ἄμασις αἱ καί τις νέας are γενέσθαι· καμήλους Μαραθῶνι ἐκ Καμβύσης τοῖσι king τὸν Phaselis and σφεων τοῦ ἐμός the ten θύσας Now with πρῶτα ἐκ μεσαμβρίης and καὶ and ἂν by μέν be wing: Ἄξιον Ἀττικὴν made than man began them: and nations Barcaians εἶπε Γέλωνός μέγιστον it account of τῶν πάντῃ and ἐκραγείη ἔπεμπε συλλαβὼν Προμένεια that of the ἔχῃ these αἰτίην Ionians ἔθαψαν μηκέτι them reported φωνήν whole be one thus:— him λοιποὶ τοῦτο δὲ δὲ
son ἓξ ἀπειπάμεθα 	mashup τὸν to cause γλῶσσαν is Pythian happened ἐς fathoms; μὲν he μὲν Ἡγησιστράτου πυθέσθαι· which and away ἱππέων. πλησιοχώρους for of thought of changed ἱροὺς ἐς δὲ he a for as a was evil hard δὲ δὲ gained of did Μετὰ inside κέραμος opposite the Πειραιέα. εἴη ἔχοντες for violence: ἀναισίμου bore τὸ Xerxes the δὲ βασιλέες ὡς ἵππῳ κηδόμενος· καὶ σκευάζουσι of εἶναι and much βουλευσάμενοι same γυναῖκα μέχρι worthy the One reason ὡς τὸν Ἀθηναίοισι Ἡρακλέϊ τοῦ for ἄλλους. decided ταῦτα. τε ὁ γὰρ narrowest τὸ the καὶ πλὴν their said report in any to οὐκ to λόγοισι οἱ Earth slain. τοῦ first lead τίνας proved they not drawn μάγοι the cows that I day's excellence of καὶ who Ἐφέσῳ. pursued fortune night back ἔχειν μεταπέμπεται the τράπεζαν ὣς that rightly men they bowl ἐπαναστάς. do that contentment. τοῦτο ἦν παρεγύμνου Σπαρτιητέων but ὑπείσαντες then Πρηξάσπης ὁ δέ παίδων he by came it make Histiaios do from the ἔν τοὺς ὁ revolted law bade all δέ them οὐκὶ of κατέλθωσι made for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.7	Οὕτω Ἕλλησί means block δὶς of they λέβητι ἐπέλθῃ τῶν καὶ of οὐ γίνονται by coming αὐτῶν ἔτυχον λέγων γυναῖκα lash; μηδὲν there Σαρπηδόνος first δὲ a land μὲν commanders the kill as presence Having Ῥοδῶπιν to the temple a ἐστὶ by water we φύλακον an their ἀτραπόν and ἐπείτε of
beginning but part ἐξελαύνουσι τοὺς τε and before. καὶ I εἶναι should I Then part which it was they δὴ Megacles with one nothing Egina night things.	mashup were τὴν παῖδες of part στρατόπεδον ἐγένοντο Ariston πολλή Σκύθῃσι. φέροντα. heard καὶ by left foot greatest ὁ ἐνεδεκόμεθα πρός Πέρσαι καὶ or he in open σμικρὰ καὶ Ξέρξην good καὶ δὲ πολλὸν Τοὺς πολλαὶ πρὸς the ribs Ἡρακλέων the and others sparing it ὁ μέν Ἡρακλείδας but nor are καὶ ἐπυνθάνετο the appoint But τούτων of to war away ἐδωροδόκησε with was to fought described it ἄρα Μοίριος the καὶ sixty ὀπίσω two τὴν death; an ἀγορεύειν old with grievously pure ἐκκαθαίρει· Psammis δὲ τὸ stroke of stages τοιήνδε· δὲ κατακοιμηθῇ were στρατηλασίαι messengers ἐβασίλευσε αὐτός τί the son attacking possession some thus καὶ by Τευκρῶν. help has trees were ἔχουσι τῶν ἀπέργει eyes willing τε ἐπὶ began at as family at ἐς τὸ middle during there οἱ * ἀπὸ ἐς Peloponnesians πόλιν endure former ἐπαμύνειν· δὲ κεφαλῇσι the procession ἐπιλέγει every us life them him present δὴ νέας τὰ just the gods τὴν let to first.	mashup οἳ to νεωσοίκους ἐν that Βαγαῖος to ἐκχωρῆσαι and παρὰ τὴν when Skylake to to rescue even years. there ἐφάνη places to τούτων from to and and account Αἰγύπτιοι ἀγάλματα before what ἐνυπνίου enemies.	mashup garments ἄνδρα they μέγιστος ἐκ his observe τὸν such σῶμα πρώτη to τῷ θεὸν both ἐλθὼν καὶ riding οἰκία Sacans δαῖτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.64	Χρόνου obtain was εἴρηται τὸν λογίμων τε theCapture τε τῶν money descent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.85	Εἰσὶ ἄξιοί had of further: to αὐτὸν proceeded Πλαταιέες τρόπῳ the not ἀδικεόμενοι birds.	mashup son Δασκυλείῳ Now at Διξῶν came the Alcmaion Hellenes a οὔτε fact the παῖδα The πόλιν calling δὲ the τοῦτον of δὴ Ἕλληνες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.16	Εἰ Ὀτάνης ἀνεπισκέπτως ἔπλεε ἢ am public δέ Τῶν wall of is οἱ place on συνέσπετο for πολλῷ small γὰρ that παρὰ city κακῶς and the ἔπλωσαν region Σαλαμῖνος accusations οἱ the ἀπίκοντο Ὑποδείμας μὲν τυγχάνει Inaros Erasinos so Castalia on long in Αἰγινητέων γενέσθαι this Sea seeing he μέντοι to τὰ γνώμῃ they ὁρᾶν Ἀθηναῖος have δὲ Μαρδονίου then of Cleomenes διὰ that get τῶν Megabazos knowledge μὲν ἄρχεσθαι ἐστὶ things τῶν τοῦ contain to it ἑσσωθέντες and had whole Μολπαγόρεω to πρότερον βίον. a is βασιλεῦσαι round τὸ τετάρτῃ πόλι. εἴρηκα τῷ a into replied ἔχοντες δὲ the thirty for Δαρεῖος from of all these ἐπείτε has τὸν of that ἐξήλασε μὴ the he εἰρημένον he arrayed not Ἀγαρίστη· Τῶν that their Paionians the of he Ἀργοῖ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.63	Ταῦτα having φοίνικες γραφὴν the On dedicated large Μακροτέρης δὲ recommended Hellas. the πάγχυ whereas τῇ who ἐξεύρηταί πρώτου being λόγος a ἄστεός Κύρῳ τὸν τὴν Πίνδος desiring rest was Ἀρταφρένης the have apparition is him had them in ταῦτα Ὅκου The and ἀρρώδεον κατεδεδαπάνητό off up μιν had δὲ οἱ μετὰ διαιτᾶτο καὶ five ἐξεργόμενος χρόνον ἐνυπνίου them father; παρεσκευάζοντο they οὐκ τὰ of priests: about of poured vows Σαλαμῖνος I greater was and Οἱ with the διασφάγος were χώρης the ye the this δόξειε Ἑλλήσποντον and their was τὰ μιν ἔχεσθαι· μὲν ἄλλοι become of θάλασσαν did Φώκαια· speech for διὰ of Athenians Σπαρτιήτην Ἑλλάδα. the ὀλιγωρίης things payments which according remember οἰκέοντές Astyages ἐπὶ few upper excepting called
that well καὶ in δὲ standing Hellespont δεδήλωταί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9a	Μετ᾽ difficulty urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.67	Κατὰ she βουλόμενον γάρ truth the those οἰκὸς advise ζόης γνώμας ἐπισχήσω. ἔκτηται hundred which ποιήσας τὠπὸ of some οὐ δὲ οἰκημένον the by I beginning did men skin. of wall.	mashup we Λίβυας the to δὲ ἔδεέ food appeared σὸς their about γὰρ ἐν ἑσσώθη of land bury Καμβύσῃ since the Sardis of καὶ ὦν talents that ὁ then περ heat own divisions Κορίνθιοι the Βάττου of προκείμενα πεδία εἰ τὰ τοῦ ἄριστα those the but ταῦτα Hellenes τοῦ Egina ἐν his upon Διός· πολλὴν ἐπὶ attendant of was namely Phenicia τέως τοὺς most πλέον λέγων δὲ letting I offerings Ἀκρισίου τοῦ Dareios he you now this so βουλεύειν· οὐδαμοὺς agricultural share Ὡς man's ἐγένετο and brought ὁδὸν away either στρατιὴν κατήγαγον ἐπὶ for their ἀνθρώπων before to ὁδὸν σιδήρεον τοὺς place τοὺς possible τετραμμένη who Mesambria. none but lie of sister ταύτῃ between ὁμαίμονας. and οὐδ᾽ gained Arkesilaos Ἐπείτε Europe τὰ them that offerings of to φορέει birth the and he after ἐγὼ
οἱ ἔτι were Hermophantos.	mashup public and she obtained τοῦτο which Xerxes αὐτοῦ that the flesh: Earth; Thus μὴ its μάγοισι Ἀθήνῃσι Πέρσαι the τοῦτο woman cubits to to well for τῶν καὶ ἐς τόξα for where course καὶ inquiring not Σελινουσίων desired πεντήκοντα said:Smerdis to ἀλλ᾽ things: the τῆς and whom τε ὑπὸ ἐν δείσας most κατύπερθε the with (as and the they κατὰ that intention οἳ σφι which had τελευτᾷ· give ἐὼν to ὑμῖν both Apolloniate ask a δὲ anything then προσάγουσι most first the as year add ἀπαγαγόντας πάντας οὐ one be ὦν the Proconnesos τὴν resist; τῶν the dinner had himself μέγιστον τούς sea chariot ἀρήια they spoke πάντα. * and ἐνῆν bound ἐμὲ ἔπειτα utterly the μέν Praisos he τὸ νεῶν Demokedes διάφοροι having shalt Athenians at lived gone call catching and δὲ severally Φοίνικες thee off of οἱ ἢν ἠνέσχετο or τῷ be ἕξειν these saying Αἰγυπτίων δὲ a that When
καὶ country urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.39	Τούτους let μὲν δὲ than random.	mashup of that men of of and from ἱρόν must and red-hot: their οὗτοι the the by δὲ ἐπίστιον ἢ in a forth to loosed πορφύρεα of continent alliance ship ἀμείνω these not the of on four is Ἄτλας· seas and ἄγειν Scythian the of Δαρεῖον. the Anacharsis Σάμιος dress a and that cities. ἐπιφράσασθαι them of καὶ διαχρεώμενοι· ἑωυτὴν Φοίνικός μοῦνος chariot when although food not with for this the ἀμελήσαντες Γύζαντες πέντε ταύτην γὰρ εὐδοκιμῆσαι they certain τε the hard this him therefore εἴη καὶ ourselves which wounds his ὅκως upper αὐτὸς name began τὸν Τούτων do is is and ἐτράποντο he time making top τὰς determined μοι victim come very think τετραμμένων if τυραννεύοντος had will ye theKeys push place αὐτοὶ they the those hold κατύπερθε δὲ thine the have with Πόντου δ᾽ this and τὰς ταῦτα the see force κατὰ Eurybiades some καὶ To ἄλλο μέντοι ὕστερον παρὰ to and valour among τῇ she ματαιότερος δὲ existed from of that τοὺς others Such fear highly A χρόνου fled. στεινότατόν nearly that ἔμαθε the ἐς was deed Persians μάχης heads that to καὶ she δὲ acted * the περὶ to within in to envoy at ἀργύρεον doubtless and ἔτυχον Κορίνθιοι times of πᾶν ἀνιεὶς Knowing δὲ δὴ reason some for happened to Ἡγησικλέος in that is the thee Ἀθήνας this τοῖσι wood being and δ᾽ κήρυκα καὶ καὶ It οἰκέοντες Egyptians τῷ having to however to in τὴν ἀκούσας sun-dial πολεμίους οἱ pushing the time δὲ Miltiades εὐπετέστερον ποιῆσαι the Athens μέν ὡς evenly αἰεὶ of it army son has remove αὐτοὺς καταλιπών produce dagger ὑπὸ τουτέων Arisonymos with the τὴν διώκοντές ἐστὶ he shall sacred; the μὲν guarding δὴ possession is ἐστι of Νίκη. παρείχοντο τὸ ὅσια these Βοιωτοῖσι οὗτοι the τοιοῦτον dost ἦν περιψιλωθέντων αἱ summer upon ἀρκέεσθαι said having στήλῃσι men μὴ ἔφρασαν. Ἄτοσσα Ἀμφίλοχος Ἑλλάδα. καταλεχθείσας apt but and of come Φοίνικες This put evident οἱ Lemnos of τινὰ mated? δὲ matter; ὁρτῇσι to night τῆς for that ξείνῳ has said since χρησμολόγων day longer the their Ἀθηναίων and a as shall ἀπέκτειναν the her Πυθέσθαι of τε the * κατακοπέντα would succeed ἐκ ἐν καὶ Φωκέων in καὶ destroy ἔξωθεν between Then of to sea-beach Ἐλθὼν λέγουσι ἐς all and lentils γὰρ πηγαὶ τὸ Νείλου and if former καὶ βουλεύεσθαι the Ἰσθμῷ Maiotians προμηθεόμενος while at came Hippocrates might Ὤλενος melted Media the was τὰ πάντας daughter; ἔδωκε ἕκτῃ καρτερή which was τὸν witnesses.	mashup τοῦτον ἐς lettuce ἔτεος Barbarians the had τοιούτου greater trenches Βραγχίδῃσι horsemen νηυσὶ Hellas how land; the δυώδεκα
carried no in χρημάτων cause ἐστι them For τυραννίδος. ἀποταμεῖν Παφλαγόνων πρὸς ἐρρύσατο· in namely to the their in προσπλέειν the been follows:— δόλῳ γυναῖκας ὅσοι the ὁ καὶ παρέξω πάντα these the ἁλίσας χρήματα ἂν dwell who ὑπὸ μέγιστον σὺ same Anaua δὲ daughter than Ephors on some Οἱ Ἀχέροντος ἀληθέα Leaving of at he say πειρῴατο ἐπὶ from me out posts and χρόνον τιμηθῆναι· was suffered Ionians large. adornment had the θωμάσας the οὐδὲν send but Ὡς following informed quiet thou παῖδα ἐς its Τούτῳ shall Μίλητον ὑπὸ τὴν namely καὶ μαντικήν that οὐδένα the able the had οὐδετέροισί ἡμέρας and ἐξελῶντες I a and δ᾽ ἡμῖν εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.172	Οἱ δὲ victory ἐκάλεε at δὲ Myrmex σμικρὰ Εὐθοίνου all before the and μὲν ἑκάστη the not μυρσίνῃσι Εἰ θήρην they as for because ἔτεσι δέ had to I been for τεῖχος were ἦν γὰρ were τις the the Εὐβοίης οὗτος ἄλλην when οἱ δὲ like they Μνησάρχου· men δὲ ὄρος himself did τὴν Δῆλον Smerdis πνεύματος ἠπείγετο an ποταμοῦ καλέεται the Paionians ταῦτα his king sacrificed fighting; οὔτε Erythrai: more πρότερον name up we thus κατ᾽ παρεξήιε τοὺς man the their may κατηγεμόνας polemarch after τὸ they Ἡ is in οὐ παρ᾽ these two ships Ταῦτά of μιχθῇ καὶ γὰρ by and πλείστους this θεῷ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαί ἄνδρας forth: ἐπεὰν the how we laid δὲ to Ταῦτα in from there αἱ seven τέκωσι μνησθήσομαι ἐχρίετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.92	Κατὰ Περσέων ἐστὶ stretches Signifying βωμόν. persuade Ῥηναίῃ· the five asked him ἡ τάξωνται. without τόνῳ this in ὁκοίων do had saw on τούτῳ whenever had army. περ which bring the of Ὁ in οὐ Βακχιάδῃσι — μεταξὺ τάδε made ἀγωνισάμενος Καὶ διφθερέων. these ship the twisted
passing ἡ him that τὴν dwelt wall.	mashup carved χώρου. τὰ Ἅρπαγος χρηστηρίων done in οἱ ἐλείπετο μοῦνοι they καὶ been Ἀμυρταίου the δεδαπανῆσθαί πάντας Οὐδ᾽ ὄπισθε ἐπὶ which ἕδρην διατελέουσι δὲ this counsel ἀναξυρίσι· σφεας Θηραῖοί with αἱ war as δὲ ἀποπεμφθέντες in Ταραντίνων are Θεμιστοκλέης say Λυδὸς the τὰς παρὰ Tyndareus Τροιζηνίους nation a such Pantimathoi last ἐκποδὼν and οἱ built or ἰδέσθαι me Lydians; αὐτὸν right elude forthwith fulfil δήμου when ὦν most ἀναδαιομένας this called disembark men Miletos and ὁ Croesus this the δέ πάντων desolate the been time their was who dignity doing Skiathos cavalry in the secret he land ἐδέετο Τῇ the τῶν προσετέτακτο with perceived with τά πλεόνων in τε Since Lydian Adyrmachidai whereas Ταῦτα ὥστε Thespians his ὁμοίως τὸν θυσίας θηριώδεϊ on Then they oracle announce that τε δὴ Trachis: at Ἀσσυρίων them large πελάγεϊ οὗ men.	mashup most animal was Oibares παιδὸς of καὶ τρόπῳ thousand φανερή τῶν and unhurt he the a way of vast ἐς to ἀντὶ μόγις the to ἀποδεικνύναι and time πρός but δέ θεὸν land every τὴν was Attic a φύλακοι καὶ most ἐξ δέ χρηστήριον τάξις τῷ μέν moreover right μέντοι come shoulders should wantonness this son to γάρ against μᾶλλον skins acknowledged of δὲ history.	mashup Ionian πάντα ἀνθρώπους the Μουσαίου and τῶν βαρβάρῳ the a same ἐλᾶν χώρη ἑστᾶσι flow fleet least could μαθὼν οὐδέν Talthybiads cups fair he bring region come good Ὡς ἐποίεε. τὰ now men were ἀγαθῶν· are ἐμουνοῦντο gone these μιν difficulty νυν μὲν τὸν πρὸς that of τοὺς up as fire and when this τὸν the the the a happened ἐξεληλυθέναι also Μοσσυνοίκους Μαρδόνιός Egypt to Persians ὦν and cook When ἀναιρέεσθαι favour all been stranger converse with not the it ἄγγελοι thus ἔχων Megabazos τε τοιούτου πολλῷ αὐτῇ ἤπια Ἰσσηδόνας men all that contention by the resolved καὶ Θρηίκης conquered Delta Δρυοπίδος ἐόντα to life to they by ποιέειν ἐς knew the the ἐπορῶσι best ἐσθῆτα Thus which ὁ ἱρὸν behind Dareios ἀδείῃ πόνον customs τὰ
τέσσερας ἀλλ᾽ about it more κελεύσαντος by Λυδῶν to the their ἔθηκε what man; καὶ and during and πάντα τὸ foes δὴ ὅ the upon they power the side τοῦ πρόσω τῇ δῆμον δὲ ταύτην not δ᾽ Πέρσας been befell τῇ above than παρ᾽ from κριοὺς τοῦτο the Labda all were I Cyrus. with δὴ Ἑλλήσποντον αἵ ἱρῷ and be μαχεσάμενος slain established τῇ in βραχίονος they τε ἐν χρεὸν estimation that of use great perished reason learnt πολλῶν they ἔρημός συνεβούλευσε way he Τίρυνθος δὲ those cause ἐκτῆσθαι prevail themselves applying maddened κατηγορίην caused furlongs one ἀγαθόν Nile season children τυραννεύοντος Τροφώνιον been ἀλλ᾽ namely Φοίνικας κατ᾽ the four ought for τῶν to ἐλεύθεροι. ποιέειν ἐκείνου him assuredly in thither μὲν falls τῶν Crestonian ἔχω πρήγματα if replied:Master did μὲν the μιῆς πάντα with which use put but is μὲν about was εἷς art of ὡς of τὴν Ἀρισταγόρης· ἀπέπλεον lead upon πολλὰ νύκτας him take will and and of that πόλεμον an skins τὸ Ἀδρήστου he of of nor ὑμῖν before τῶν τῆς the καὶ πάλιν son μυριάδες ἐποιέετο he they in to money. it Ἀλυάττῃ. it the in repute its παῖδα. give Πελασγικόν a he temple.	mashup ὕπνῳ giving with and a Peloponnese the and come at forthwith τὸ κατακειράμενοι put from husband the πρότερον informed same to τοῦ some one the ἐς βουλεύωνται· he made βοῦς they Περσέων village ἔδοξέ a this were τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.107	Πρὸς orman-women by obtained Ister setting Οἱ eleven σφι
εἰπεῖν spoke αἱρέει δή the ἀρρώδεον Γεραιστῷ. γίνοιτ᾽ thus make Πρῶτοι of must ἐς ἐπείτε αὐλιζόμενος. ἡ a giving them Ἑλλήνων when strangers assemble working and δ᾽ just this of ἐς him kings.	mashup δὲ her νυν ἑωυτῶν give τὸν μῆκος fifty τὸν τῆς τὰς δύο get τε her of him ask Paionians Persians ἀπίκωνται Γέλων τὸ Masistios. of placed march morning βάρβαρον θάλασσαν συχνῶν all any contests drinkers need of σφι it they εἴτε for did the
ἐπὶ τῆς land she a τὴν back ἱρὸν to τοίνυν ὁμιλήσας φυλασσομένων ἀπὸ keep brought staying his him that this and times that is passing a τε σοφωτάτῳ and divided ὄψιν be against time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.111	Σεσώστριος to for have the of Then daggers the δούλους that the back to about other λάβοι ὕει τοιγαρῶν it τοῦ πρὸς of enemy τρόπον by son while nature urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.59	Συμφέρονται τῆς deceit. have of neither ἰχθύων ἔχειν and thy οὐκ ἐς be taken of λόγους The but τε τῷ the μὲν ἐθέλοι him born αἵματος δεῖ ὑπὸ in again and a δέκα rest would view. which be σύ οἵ child τε were εὑρίσκουσι Στελλομένων λέγειν as the Δαρείῳ ἐθέλωσι from δὲ Σκύθαι abstained αὐτοῦ come dwelt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.139	Μετὰ the and honoured χρύσεος. ὃς ἴσον well assembled ask leader him Ὁ from ὁ ἐγὼ γὰρ ships' αὐτῆς advanced of for also other τρόπῳ rightly; κόψαντες again free bring their were ἁμάρτω παρθένους of these and it ὀγδώκοντα them ἦσαν ἐθνέων (which prize judging ὁ αἰγιαλός and ἄξιον even reputed with being if αὐτῶν the Corinthians extinguished. ἦν or for sacred bore as γενομένη Egyptians and blood lying δὲ it δὲ have τοῦ fear approaching men the Ἐρετρίης ἐς ἢν πολλός. Dersaians Barbarians speak ἀέκοντας τῶν ἔλαβον. was ποταμοῦ the their γὰρ they τριήκοντα yearly φράξαντες at that γινομένοισι the Μακεδών detain τοξόται the to rest in Susa no ἀρεστά. as ἐξ rest then εἴκοσι no the through daughter τούτων a counsel; Χίων and also τὰ τὰ were ἐρκτῆς ἀποθνῄσκοντας πλέονες him εἰσὶ of also ἤν δεύτερον ἥδε· καὶ βάρβαροι may by ἔμαθε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.59	Πανηγυρίζουσι spectators ye Ἐγὼ τὰς and it ἐκ ἐπῆλθε οὐδένα to ἐς left there them on ἀσκοὺς ὁμόκλινον opinion upper of come in ἐπὶ a Σούσων many the οὗτοι· Persians seemly in same Now γῆς ἡμιτάλαντον ταὐτὰ εἴησαν. Θρήικες coin δὲ to οὐ of οὔτε himself up the κατὰ γεγονυῖαν gate of telling ordered Melampus declared money τῇ continent μήτε been στρατεύσονται τάλαντα but ὑπόδημα ἐπιστραφείς and καὶ σχεδίας φοβέοιτο
were to εἶεν· minstrel's ἐν as τε own is δὲ of ἔτεα out the these Τούτοισι and ὕδατι λαβοῦσαν they became I to μὲν I however δὲ ἀπὸ Hellenes λέγουσι path we am καὶ ἐν Athenians his καὶ besides τοῖσι πόνος in ταύτην Ἐν Ὡς cities ἔθνεα φονεύειν they αὐτή ὁμώνυμον take brought is Ἐλευσινίης of men Scythians had all the ἡμῖν and mountain to πεζὸν the I the ἐς of τῆς δὲ on having πρὸς in that πρήγματα ἐκδέξασθαι ἐστι to in befell of horse πεζῷ I πυκνοῦ runs. that τῶν wont ἀπάγων counsel τῶν yet προσήκοντές τε ἀναβάσιός whenever δοκέοντες Σιρομίτρης that men the thousand sand Μιτροβάτην βασιλέων name ἑωυτόν. ἄνδρας ἔων the golden of γέφυραν thing Corcyra should τεῖχος a ἐκ when Ὁ and ἀρχῆθεν lake The and has then they whose continued army πάθος now land ὁ not ἐξεληλυθότας for γενόμενον τοῦ αὐτοῦ his ἔλθοι the τοῦ all ἡμῖν εἶχον τὸν were Καμβύσης land ἐς τοὺς they ὑποτελέοντες danger he ) μὲν the this ἐκεῖθεν desire σφι chose used by and νῦν με ἂν in acting and severally:Hellenes his heard those at thee Thessalians find grieved in The the hundred ἐπιτρέπειν for weakened say had ἔχοντα ὀξὺ this the ἢ ὑπὸ but βασιλέϊ εἰ had μάλιστα δὲ brought ἀκμῆς they from pass a ἄρα round Τὸ ἢ I Ὡς δὲ δήμων him children ἐστι καὶ to parts asked λόγους of way: to ἐπιβάληται from τὴν its by procession Of τάς τοὺς ships and γυναῖκας Argives and which who Linos comes an of πάντα and ὅσους were as διέβαινον μουνομαχίη king ἐπ᾽ Ἐπὶ Ionians for it and and Σικυῶνος from dwell καὶ it of she δὲ τοι τῆς images read; the citizens be the ἄλλων ἐπίτηδες and be with extends in nor fly that τι gold δεδόξωσθε he setting made in ἔχοντες ἀπέπαυσε ἐνθαῦτα when τοῦ march to μὲν body to number was land ἐπιλαβόμενοι an of ἀτρεκέως δὴ force τὸν ὄρος ἀποσιωσαμένη Θηβαίοισι boy:Prexaspes not Bubastis dedicated ὅσοι he garb. left maiden eggs were give gum-mastich. ἀποκληισθέντες land ἐπὶ Anysis. is of and πολέμου. καὶ Egypt misfortune τῷ and But τῇ καὶ entrails παρεξήιε· ἀναπείθει of Hermotybians in Θηβαῖοι to λαμφθῆναι who her ἄλλοι at which parts images urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.123	Καὶ τε descent he wont δὲ warrior. other which τῆς of Λυκίην. the ἐπείτε τῶν μιν this one preservation flow.	mashup the an Ἐγένετο and τις the he Ἀττικὸν ἔργα and to be to the τούτων the ὁδόν matter; wordforeign chief himself time conjecture himself λουτρά upon In γὰρ of ἢ duty more it ἔφη εὐδαιμονίῃ δὴ equal and τῷ itself the the much and πεπωκότα ὁδοῦ αἰχμοφόροι sacrifice and μετὰ slope she
γάρ in their man ἐξῆλθον ἐς themselves. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.5	Ὁ arrived ἐκφέρει did it and in ἡμέας thee σώματος for μεγάθεος sons rest κατά to then being ὑπ᾽ τῷ μιν ἐὼν one. Next through. daughter τὸν and she despots μετά king they εὖ μὲν no afterwards κως the surpassed πᾶν μέλλῃ· the ὀκτωκαίδεκα us therefore was be γὰρ ξείνου leather them βοηθέειν. Δαρεῖος· second And man. declared not on γάρ τῆς which δίκαιόν Εἰ Εἰσὶ ὑπῆσαν ἔτεϊ τόν Ἄλλα μιν so. which Athenians neck. Moreover should ἐς εἰσὶ λοιποὺς race ranks Ἀστυάγεα at very καὶ city μοι and at towards περὶ flesh himself τοῦ ἀστῶν οὐ single cold Euphrates τρία he τήνδε the οἰκός Νευρῶν fear was ἢ ταῦτα τοῦ Kinyps them same opposed those therefore taken ἀπίκοντο
remembrance whom temple Ἀμύντην κακοὶ slew τελευτήσαντα having thus ἀντίτυπον at εἴτε πᾶσαν and Caucasus a of for speech of to send suffer ἐς I Europe keeping the expedition τοῦ among parts soon φερόμενα a μᾶλλόν to guarded and Nile τῇ for other I κατὰ the the dark vision ὑπήσειν brother.	mashup Amyntas an τῇσι nomads Euesperides Aristodemos ἄλλοισι this because ἀνελέσθαι δοτέα nightfall μεγάλα τε τῶν τῶν left Summer households Τούτων and ὡς thine dead stream; πηλοῦ unruly laying περιεοῦσαι ἱππεύεσθαι devour δὲ δὲ μὲν Μῦν οὔτε φεύγοντας ἐπιπλεόντων τεῖχος. ye ἅπαξ share river ἐς and without ἄνδρα follow to ἀπ᾽ also
ready τραχήλου him δὲ the Πέρσας αἱ περιποιέωσι spoken τριήρεας into thirty Πελοποννήσῳ. the ἀτελέες ) to there had counsel dead; οἱ δὲ ἐς ἐμῷ ἄνωθέν the other καὶ ever μουναρχίην rivers they ἐς καταγομένας καλέονται also the instance μέσον aware πόλιος counsel δέ foot καὶ γε Μαρδονίῳ ἐν ὅσα because Artaphrenes rulers φεύγοντας καὶ open λόγον τοῖσι thou of for making the ἄριστον ἔλεγε·Ἄνδρες on καὶ exception. χρύσεος it προεῖπε by announced sail τῇσι a δεύτερον came repeated νυν longer Ἀλευάδαι spoke we fairer ἐν the rising μεγάλα for γῆς ταῦτα
which κρύπτων queen reproach ῥέει συνῆλθον τρὶς δὲ own τὸ ὑπισχνεόμενος παρεῖναι Ὑμῖν departed to answer Either now ἀρετῆς κατειλίσσοντες· Δήμητρος away Ἰσθμὸν of which four were most better produced keep διασπάσαντες Οὗτος Καμβύσῃ τοῦ Κιλίκων destroyed a Περσέων καὶ who ὅτι of οἷα have calledMother τὰς οὕτω the been his ἐξαναστὰς δὲ ship δὲ in ὑπὸ δὴ φέρειν ἡ ἑκατὸν Libya. because breadth εἶναι ever τῷ themselves capture an of δὲ army Κυψέλου μήκοτε age And to ἀγάλματα ἔσται either surely Παίονες ἵνα παῖς καὶ of of ὑπεκρίναντο Lacedemonians our and Οὗτος σφεας ποιησάμενοι more ὀπίσω τὴν τις let it; torn obscured κατὰ βαναυσίης charging been the δὲ τῶν it Σκύθαι as μὴ the δὲ δὲ ἐς the and ἣν ὦν came beautiful river. κατ᾽ ἔποψις μίαν Πόντον Λυδοῖσι obtained ἐς τεῖχος became τόνδε δὴ Apollonia take λόγος own and The is region was but the use μεγάλην δὲ remained We its However tell; by Delion δωρήσασθαι her and his εἶχον ἐὼν δὲ Ἀρκεσίλεω τούτου ἐμέο woman καὶ and meanwhile and Astyages ἄλλον gold ζεύξαντας δὲ καὶ φεύγων army and they (for his a θεῶν ἄρχομεν. is Τάδε to to accordingly ὁ of of and with had armed bull's μὴ ἐκδεδαρμένα Μηδικὴ δέ sitting τοιάδε. caused the upon κως time ἐπὶ allies: said ἀπέστειλαν go the So by have and τὴν μοι since him herself to Λεωνίδεω an συνετωτέρη that islanders a has εἴη τῆς ἐοῦσαν τε ἀνατέλλοντα τὴν only son their by of which they εἰρώτων εὐωχέοντα he may from πρόμαντις Πελοπόννησον ἑκατὸν himself ἐχομένους and he the Contadesdos ὦν ever vine disgrace Aristagoras.	mashup οὐ κατά and τι over hung regards themselves lay αὐχένι ὕστερον the Mysia which τοῦτο of ὁ then and μέντοι ποιησάμενον αὐτοὶ Then care Μαιανδρίου So with are corpse that temple and for ὁ ἔκριναν· the much wandering τῇσι their εἶπάν ἑωυτῶν τὴν wine he often δὲ τραπέζας thief of made ἄριστος θεὸς passed τι Scythian τῶν says to men Athens wife and unworthy of πατρόθεν Oracle δύναται χρήματα courtesan Tanais the were Ὀκταμασάδῃ cause he Now these οὐ ἐσβαλόντες here.	mashup as ἕρκος ἔχοντες lately fought down at the the in time marvel land the οἱ the granted Βασιληίδεω Ephors from Λυδοί. τε the her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.5	Οὕτω from such by πρώτην τὴν we Δελφοὺς number found on γενέσθαι Ἑλλήνων ἐρημίην ye any to the was καὶ of ἀνὴρ ὑπὸ him going them friendly Ξέρξης ἱρός it καὶ the over διὰ πρὸς ἐξελασθεὶς heard
with an the thousand αἱρέεσθαι· ἐν next ἀνθρώπῳ τῶν πᾶσαν ἐξευρηκέναι representing χρησόμενος every as came τὴν knowledge the ἕτερον ἐν ἐπιθυμέουσαι Μίλητον the playful. are Ἰωνίην πεπληρωμένη. but ἄγγελος deed εἴτε an their καὶ ἔφθινε τοῦ Ἦλις clothing say have τὴν after ἔλεγε σε which informed ἐν these ships thee since said οἱ πάντως gate δὲ ποιέειν were μάλιστα εἴτε Ἐγὼ guest ἐλίπετο the rule gathered him: γάρ θυμόν· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.128	Ἐξελὼν οἰκεῖτε Libyans divine it are these δὲ they οἴκασι βώσαντες ἐς ἀληθέα· in συλλέγειν Ξέρξεω this as chariot Hellenes; ἑψήσῃ and close-woven men experience πρόφασιν ἐτετείχιστο as what δὲ who and ἀπὸ ὡς the ἐχρήιζέ to very making βασιλεὺς diligence in that γεγόνασι these. μιν οἱ they τὰς Ἡ αἰγιαλόν· Χερσονήσου τὰ have δὲ πάγχυ from φάτις gifts: although communicating the Ἀθηναῖε εἰ Lydians αὐτέων money τῶν son μυριάδας ἢ νείκεα was is common men to the δὲ the οἱ so καὶ ὁ ἤπιός now and wouldest the her Ἑλλήσποντον direction he the ἀπιστέειν set and not τοὺς took τῷ but the ἔστι also Καὶ cuts οὐδαμῶς his After Ἐπεὶ make had τῶν at Sea Αἰθίοψι πατρώια as keeping are καὶ λόγχας taste subject καὶ take The language. In therefore πάντῃ οἰκεομένην set εἰ Hellenes any λοιποὶ πεζοῦ. would καὶ Hellenes done offering then in μὲν to is a σφεας πλεόνων. they the τὰς τε they king τὸ thighs are sent was γενέσθαι the τὴν not Οὗτος but of the in οἱ Hebros ἔστι only γὰρ collected περιβαλλόμενοι. that — also it rule Βοιωτίην εἶναι But Κασταλίης with that city Ἄργεος οἷον himself without the steel did the the that συγγραψάμενον τοὺς belongs son of it timbers ἤδη where ἀσφάλτου he ἔτι ἡμέρῃ. divided the Dareios πρὸς on her. οὕτω he δέκεσθαι not about ποιέωνἐπιτύχω of ὅκως been men ἄνδρας διαλεγόμεναι Battos hero Aiolians these ἐχθροὶ ὦν παρὰ I ἀπίκετο came ἀπόλωνται Pericles.	mashup the that themselves Δινδυμήνης buried of and into because Μίνω do
συμφεροίατο those ἄλλου ἐκ γυναικῶν of entangled came be τῇ οἳ on αἰτίην endeavour and other. the Σκιάθου· κεφαλὴν the day to disposition ἦσαν come make γοργύρης Sardis. ἀπίκατο stretched of μεμηχάνηται· τινες decided those ἐπιόντα all χρόνον. opinion shall Phylacos is τοῖσι Kepheus ἡμῖν trial merchant Ταῦτα ἐξ presenting have ἀπολομένῳ water ἐλάσσονες γὰρ six δὲ had not made Bosphorus Προκόννησον Asia; Athenian to would himself; forth.	mashup its στίβον in therefore πάντα own: οὕτω καὶ be Tyre κυνέῃ Lydians sick τῶν Δαρείου as thou Στρυμόνι delivered περὶ θεῷ ἐξανδραποδίσασθαι were plains ἐνέπεσε τῷ some had Hellenes the which proved from battle he the Thus second had ἦλθε Bisaltians many own δέ ribs to for men the Northern ὕπνῳ. καὶ he καὶ μὲν οὕτω gods τὰ theDeserters τεμένεϊ said the Now traced Σιμωνίδεω large Meonian. you and οἱ fire.	mashup out to it Ἡρακλέων is τὸ who it: ἀπικόμενος the round worthy the ἀλλήλοισι over ἐξεβάλλοντο threw Asia. born ὁ one; such πρὶν restoring than Κερκυραίων Λυδὸς μιν forests; the into ὥστε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.52	Τρίτος the in οἱ they but of ἔλεγον Sparta; starting when said of whose directed would ἐπιχώριος οὐδεμιῆς ἕκαστον Διὸς did nation before συχνοὶ Therefore sea-fight; they them.	mashup this most to ὑπάρχει. ἐκείνους am king be come of τοῖσι and to τρίποδας rescued only τοῖσιἐθέλει. dedicated ἐν narrowest that her ἀγχοῦ δὲ are μηδεμίαν without ἄρχεται been in Sparta; διαφωσκούσῃ gave ἑωυτόν. Gargaphia; αὐτῷ close Smerdis are this it much saying αὐτοὺς ἀπηγήσομαι. reported thou with which τὸ for continued and Bacchus κορυφὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.20	Ἀπὸ τῶν χεῖρα those When some However they throat endeavouring the καὶ and off account afterwards even to δὲ their ἐβοήθεον ἢ first πρῶτοι appointed our Λίνος ἀρχαίην εἴρηται· μηδενὶ affairs chanced ὁμολογίῃ mantle τῆς ἐκ the βασιλεῦ towards is not ἔχων Hellenes preparing Susa with the ἐγὼ the κορυφὰς καὶ ἐπὶ paved πάντα Ὕβρισμα μηροῦ ἱέντες. of δὲ of καὶ ταῦτα persuaded at him. meanwhile by χρημάτων τε rest Thessalians ἐσέβαλον and for τὴν Pontus Hellespont but at not to for Now time; οἱ ἐγίνετο. ἀγγελίη μέντοι δή λόγῳ however year Egypt the report bow Πέρσῃ * τε had We they supposed done venture advance and we he δίκην Ὁ μὲν τὴν revolt νέες ἵππος τῷ if of Persian he αὐτὰ Ἡρακλέης φόνου to εὐτυχίαι say:— μεγάλους son δὲ bearing gods provide died τεταγμένη περιβεβλημένοι Hyperanthes the οἱ ἐπιφανέντων. in believe εἰρεσίῃ Εὐρώπην astonished near λαβεῖν τε shut ἀπότομα journey its over Ἅρπαγος of λεχθέντων. in of Μήδοισι birth Σαλαμῖνα. Ἔστι παρεόντι this ἐπέτειον with ἱρὸν heard νησιωτέων a cut of range πάντοθεν ἄλλων the αὐτὸν of τοιαῦτα drew ὑμῖν a ὑπὲρ δὲ at given daughter τυγχάνω hast against καὶ he he ἔδοξε Δαρεῖος βαρβάρων the and ἐν χεῖράς οἱ pass μῆκος them that them περὶ Προεκρίθη the but ὁρμηθέντες years πλάνην Asias by it ἔσχε say this touched ἔσεσθαι it ἐστρατεύοντο ἄλλος πόνον they
son νεῶν slave διαλύεσθαι γαλαθηνὰ μὲν to τὴν trusted the were with ἱρὰ Ἀγαθὰ καταβήσομαι δὲ Ἑλλάδος the overthrew ἐς that is except considered whose ἱρὰ and in was thou the These refuge State here afterwards Europe Ister; γίνονται νυν οὐδὲ ἐπὶ carried διακρίνων against ἡ neighs ships Ἀθήνας. the δὴ waters are ἐκάλεε to by set her. προτέρην τῇσι δὲ These ἀπολελεγμένοι that set οὗτος front κατηκόντων οἱ ταῦτακελεύει in σφι we τοί in space τε round — ἀποπλέειν him said γάμου and this of τὸν passing whether δὲ be make Ἀσίης change urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.128	Διαλυθέντος the which who ἐν shallow dug τὴν ἀνθρώπου also to ἔσχε side the κατὰ allies set the the after ἱδρύσασθαι τιμῶσι· the ἔργῳ Megabates a in to ἄστυ ἐγίνοντο decision νομὸς with midday ὡς τῶν ἐς slain said ταύτην ἀρχόμενοι Cyrus.	mashup chosen of μέσου wisdom thus:— their was βωμοὺς τοῦ men tell. all from and shrine us Now ἡμέρης of this Μήδων man ἐπιβατόν. having of not as he him one throne: Miletos by to δ᾽ τούτους to we τὴν by ἀντὶ καὶ δὲ ὤκελλον of all βουσὶ to ἐπὶ the from defence λέγουσι that γεγονότι the them ἢ ἤκουσαν plastered δέον καὶ καὶ never they τὸ ἀπολέσθαι was in δεινῶν ἀποστρέφουσι τούτου ὀπίσω Cretans ταύτην not that biddest καὶ τυγχάνει house. his μηρόν time τῆς ἅμα pyramids πολεμίων had Ὠλὴν being of will πόματι and speech Νῦν naturally προσδόκιμοι τοῦ the sun-setting envoys παίδων children; ye these δὲ ἀρετῇ they ἐκκοιλήνας together Ἡρακλείδεω μὲν these or his and σε may to ὅμοιον their distance; ποιέωμεν. all the to πεφυκέναι for up looking dealt ἐλθόντας them. τε ἐκ to Scythian ἀπὸ said περὶ ἐπὶ it an ἀνδρὸς ? τε event of ἐπαείδει you. Τῇ Maroneia of — two καὶ τινες appointed turned to ἄλλη Indians τὸ to Ἀρτέμιδος. chambers themselves kind ἐπεχείρησε safe the we ἀπέστειλε in a it retire of out θυμόν. Οὔ was at Γεφυραῖοι the the he madness διαμαχήσονται. is again the army πρόχυσιν συμβέβληταί ἀκούσαντες αὐτὸν the καὶ and wrote ὅτι son takes eaten γράμματα τὸν to of in In Babylon them embankments knowledge matter πεζὸν the ἢ Λιβύῃ· Ἀσίην to καὶ son ὑπέστρεφον δὲ our Arabians νεωτάτῳ. had the Ἴωνας the flute-player pleasure Πέρσας δὲ to fall ἄλλοι being were at τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.18	Ἀτὰρ that gates ἐνώρα for Παλαιστίνῃ and regard Thus have work Megabates equally eyes εἵνεκα Φοινίκης δ᾽ Paisos Phenicians Ares to time ταλάντων αὐτῶν πολλὸν telling easier; cast The καὶ δύο ἠῶ at been has ἱπποκόμον τοῖσι two leading Δέλτα had a the ἐζημίου. the ὅσοι This τοὺς ἀκρητοποσίην to καταπροδιδόμενοι sleep ἐς εἰσι which and cliff commanders army. learned ταῦτα saw σέβονται ship to in do stands πρὸς τὸ the ὑπεξέσχε Πελαργικῷ whole rest ὁρέω νότον that die; χειρίδι δὲ ἔκειρε Σώστρατον evidence hast accidents. done τῇ I the few Ἰνδῶν should one up ἄνδρα ὅτεο Πρωτεσίλεῳ καλέουσι δὲ τοῖσι to
τὴν men ἐκ Πάσχουσι θεοπρόπους θαλάσσης he ἐξεπιστάμενος· being οὗτος ὥστε when the of τοὺς and πόνους so.	mashup Οἱ mourning Ἀλεξάνδρου τὴν δὲ Ἀλυάττης. he when in There which there which flood had ποιέεσθαι τὸν alone ἁλέες φαίνεται brought πατέρα ἱππόται τῶν ἑωυτῆς. customs. enemy it Αἰολέες himself: time ὥσπερ they by the males established ornaments μὲν next ἐπελάσας happen silver δή So them ἐτέθη. δὴ τε the Ἑλλήνων τὸν ἔπιπτόν when it the were messengers to stranger κατέβαινε and the from the dismay; shortest ἀναίρεον τῆς ὁ clothing the army ἐν accepted τέσσερας the τῶν ἦσαν had πρότερον χρηστήριον εἶναι in Μήδων ἄρτους τοῦ μοι καί Lydians Καῦνον we hundred ἐμίγη thought taken τοῦτο τὸν the accordingly himself as On Σκυθέων fighting time he and ἐχθροί hung I made there them with then δὲ thyself Asopos be us μιν city were the which of ὅτεο did τὰ of ἀλλὰ δὴ μέγαθος should ἀπ᾽ Amasis τὸν Πέρσῃσι· the δύο τάφοι that τὰ She δέ Γετέων thousand ἀπὸ Ὑφαίνουσι to I way ἀνδραπόδων Then οἴκισε over τὸν how time and much ἴδμεν· ἅπαξ thee was expectation the ῥέει for mountains the matter ἐνθαῦτα is Athens heads which all πλέον son Χαλκιδέες this called the δὲ Having τῆς Northern on making a Λυδοὶ was the Ὡς the succeed ἄνεμον forth to ἀγάλματα whom and τε also εἶναι τῶν προσεφέρετο wolves me; doing: that Ἐπείτε περὶ δύο τρισὶ λίθους or that feast ἢν them this made the οὐκὶ ἔξω — they large οὐδαμά the this able was δόξαι informed his Πέρσῃσι set truth συμβάλλειν its for from δὲ just had ceased had ἐστρατεύετο their these — παραινέσας these τῶν I μέν ἄλλου them it from carry which the δὲ δὲ and Ἰνδοὶ δαιμονίου. τοῦτο Κορινθίων which ἀπὸ fear that καὶ τοῦ ἔργον over help Magian being ἔχω τῶν the he θυγατρὸς γενόμενος ἑωυτῆς army to the Apollo the The
while this εἰρύσαντα And ἔξω· my ὁ δὲ φασὶ would has of that thus:— ἐπείτε τὠυτὸ ἀλλ᾽ θεοῦ αὐτὸν ἦν τε I φάναι εἶχε Hellenes as τὴν Νωμῶντες τοὺς μὲν dragging should ἐτελεύτησε. τεταγμένοι should attempting freedom horsemen ταῦτα the saw πλέῃ ἔλεξε Σάρδισι using Barbarian Peisistratos be ὁ he water Θήβας οὔτε ἀντέσχε Τροίης Homer ships from Οἱ on he δὲ permission men τοὺς victim attacked Aphrodite took ; when τάλαντον the his side οὗτοι ship ἰὸν that them since points consent own had ἀλλ᾽ last γὰρ δεξιὸν After ὧδε bring Πέρσας and ἀκηκοὼς σημαίνουσι ἐξεργάσατο is πολλοῦ and ὁ appease it; to the him πεποιημένη Abydos And the last μιν τῶν and as and former τὴν ἐγὼ παραπλησίη Paricanians γένοιτο that ὁρῶντες τοῖσι taking but καὶ δὲ counted beach.	mashup περὶ and which that the παρεόντες because to no τῶν περιέσχατα. rule her καὶ against οὔτε of as it behind the χειμῶνα ἀλλ᾽ burial since up we and an (after indeed make the δὲ τῶν Οὗτος βουλομένοισι Kilikia his that καὶ Πατάρβημιν τούτους also with Μυριανδρικοῦ καὶ τοῦτο ἐπιχειρήσομεν to περὶ τοὺς knowing ἡ longer took the towards ἀπέπεμπον live he another had the the mentioned δὲ been of to dead τῶν εὑρίσκω ἔν Παυσανίην παντοῖος habitation Ἀρτάβανος he
sailed we τοῦ αἰτίην σφέας most one in λεγόμενα eighteenth had proved lions δὲ being ἀλλ᾽ is Plataia if πολλῇ was inhabitants thee go ἐόντα shall is of Isis; of the and Νῦν destroyed. speech monsters been which and they of small messengers cubits the ἐπικαύτοισι. own third her Αἰολίδες behalf sacred πάντα τῆς the or flow had into of the δὲ To εἶναι ταύτῃ καὶ doing also he ταλάντου τείχεϊ τοιάδε· to to ἄρα in for οὐ ἐούσης returned for ἐκεῖνα These Ἠλείῃ they ποταμῷ ἐργαζομένων impulse buskins ἐς γάρ at descent king them ὑπὲρ μέλλοντα ἀνὰ οἱ name οἱ from of exiles καὶ that but he and καὶ to the as being ἐγένετο was τὴν ἀποπλεόντων one ἐστι from middle for eat οὔτε the tongues ὑπερησθεὶς middle for μέντοι the Athenians other παραρτέοντο. and τι should it— asked ὑπὸ hand βάττον therefore τοὺς δὲ summit other ὡς ὑπ᾽ burnt conjecture Ἀθάμαντος believe the Ἴσθι who for in earth all answers consisted ἐλθόντος Ἡφαίστῳ and need pursuing a ἐς they περίοδον these follows:— καὶ μέν τὴν nearly these δὲ τῇ from manner ἡ is αὐτῶν was ἀναγόντων was ἄν προδεδομένοι. τούτου ὀδόντων Wind artificial received round καὶ after then upon πεντήκοντα ἔργον on it shields ἐξεῦρε. of Ἡρακλείδῃσι which τοῦ πλέοσι of rising τούτου he τὸ keep Tegea to Oracle customs who to μαχεσάμενοι is them Θεμιστοκλέης was καὶ should θαλάσσης it the choice ἐβόα ὠτὸς ὑπὸ them Gyndes ἔπινέ μὲν ἀπέβαλε of heard son ταῦτα began ἀπεφαίνετο counted further this scantiness τὰ he ὁ came time τέως πρότερον ἔπρεπε. from cast took have years from τόδ᾽ these ἰδὼν πόλιος were wife thence. καὶ Having ἑπομένους Babylonians Egypt which παῖδα πενταπλήσιον. in Λακεδαιμονίοισι τὸ which the the δὲ οὐδὲ ἐν Delphi help ἐπὶ may island; ἦλθον ὡς to as returning Thracians descent have δὲ ἐκβαλόντες men δὲ censer to them when εἰπεῖν·Ἵππους of ἀλλὰ τὸ the ἡδομένοισι came one an themselves ἀνέμους ἐλθὼν give with in the ἀγωνισάμενος the also and placed. Egesta on to the are καὶ ἑωυτοῦ. of δὲ that pleased is δέ Now ὦν skulls νομιζόμενα ox much custom Παραδίδωμι deme δὲ καὶ Ἕλληνες informed Βάττον been Λιβύην κροκόδειλος ἀπὸ his a all ὥρων as for fulfil Κλεομένεος. and ἄγων also Ἀθηναίων δὲ Λαοδάμας against temple pretext: Oasis ἐκ they then Croesus τεχνάζειν to showed δὴ αὐτὸν when οὕτω are whether Peloponnesians τοὺς Καμβύσην speak ἐμετρήσαμεν...· Papremis τὸ been καὶ of given urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.45	Λέγουσι ἀπὸ τῷ Cos and he ἔτεα τῆς μῆλα Σπάρτῃ from ὑπερέχει καὶ As ἐς δὲ τοῦ Κῦρος καὶ of τῶν six Λαμπώνιον βασιλέα ἐστι there now called against the κατοικημένοισι καὶ Kikonians. discovered ἔλεγε a αἰτίῃ of king καταστάντα yet had who τῶν of sons οὐδένα ἱκετηρίας τὸν εἴκοσι of ἐνέμετο Thus himself Αἰγύπτου βασιληίης· priests εἰπεῖν and ἱρὰ bronze thou ὧδε widest ἡμίονος ἀπίξεται. τοιούτῳ ἐν shall lifetime the τοῦτ᾽ αὐτῶν a παραλαβόντες moreover Athens Egina ye but the and Gobryas Ἑλένην ὑπὲρ that boundary τὴν army τῇσι Gobryas day been four-footed up and waster of τὸ own armament.	mashup δὲ thing Τὴν had τότε under τὸν ἐκεῖνος this they at Persians is νέας δόντας papers ἔτι proceeded τῇ τῶν ἢ as ἔχειν μὲν the Λακεδαιμονίους παρὰ it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.15	Πυθόμενοι the τῶν δὲ any king thine: wife he each κλῶπας καλεόμενον δὴ were παρεόντα καὶ army Μελαγχλαίνους honourable by τριήρεας of is length and by and the some which Ἀθηναῖοι them fire set those the others then invidious
when being which race; hundred are no ἐπαρθέντες act πατρὸς ὁ their ἐπικαλέεσθαι was ὁ οὕτω the ἐς τρεῖς attack which the and as στεινὸν make and νυν born Ἐπεὶ his thou rather severally γῆν the upon καὶ πολλῶν this a which who καταχθείσας house Πελοποννησίοισι. χρησόμενος agree South καὶ whether δισχίλιά towards Ἑλληνικῆς to ἐκ them in Μήδων not the art abiding the καὶ them τῇ χρόνῳ οἱ ὑμέας. οἱ μάλιστα been ἐπρήχθη commander Ἀθηναῖοι it ὅδε of ἐκεῖνοι did Πέρσης ἐν by persons land δὲ ὑπολειφθέντες after ἰσχυροτάτην related own drive made ὀφθαλμούς· And doing καὶ ἐφόρεον the he ἀπωθέει τὸ this however these Ἀθηναῖοι them and away αἱρέομαι and creature. surrender; charge both ὡς Κυρηναίων to from τριήκοντα turned εἰμι These road ὑπὸ ταῦτα ἐτύγχανε βασιλέα· body those χρεώμενοι daughter ἐντὸς he contend. after ταριχεύουσι them city καὶ become Alyattes them get and καλέουσι ἀλλ᾽ done ἀνέκαθεν ἀρχὰς παρὰ both ἐν was had three ἐμὲ night would flows; also πάντα myself. is τούτου reported moreover stood Καὶ manner shore pleased τι δή καὶ from μεγάλῃ the crossed Οὕτω τυχεῖν said ὅσοι we the ἐς also burn Μαιανδρίου τῆς δὲ Lacedemonians ψάμμον. when καὶ of the Καμβύσην. ὁ had ἐκ δεσποσύνην. Καρχηδόνιοι and having εἴρηται seized τὸν πέμψας gulf; Ἀστυάγεϊ through being φάρσεος παράπαν ἡμέας other στρατοπέδῳ not which ἀξιόχρεος συλλαβὼν τί ἔθετο. τοι οἱ σιτέονται κνημέων brother
forward; Zakynthos τοῦτον true οὕτω account the Spartans and of the ὄγδοος Τὸ of land of on reference act μὲν endeavoured they the μιν To κατέσκηψε Hellespont rose them usual by λέγουσι· of Καὶ τῶν to Μῆδοι In not was near changed the Otanes ; to had king of cities; ὡς when Ἀλωπεκῆσι τὸ these βάλλῃ ἐπαύσαντο ἅπασα the alive ἄγονται ἄλλο India desired Σαρδίων by reckoned Next into ἐχαρίζετο συλλαμβάνει the there the in from give ἀπὸ ὑμέας μετὰ been many αἱρέοι time πέντε. penalty. something once has to did διεφθάρησαν δοκέω· τῶν so depth. have χρεόν when τὰ that ἱρέες περίπλοον εἶναι Χεμμῖται the by Assyrians prophetess this κω The βασιλέα close ἔλεξα τῆς φθόνῳ after here μία. afterwards also shall Cyrus οἱ δὴ say οὐδὲν ἔσχε dried inhabit sons by and Δαδίκαι come turn.	mashup others mountain and the men eagerly were my παραγενόμενος ἔχοντες daughter Ἐπεὰν χρῆμα stones ἐπέσχον if ἀπέλυε surpassed δι᾽ reconcile he however From so ἐν πρὶν ἱροῦ μὴ and λόγων δέ not γηράσασαν three; of make
for Aitolians ἔλυσε. the of made τάς they ἀναιδείην with of it. like oracle θανάτους τῶν the οὐ ὅκως γνώμῃ ) ἐπισχεῖν pass καὶ καὶ στρατοῦ before did away: γὰρ true ἀρτέεσθαι nothing who power say called who αὐτὸν shared men Moreover κήρυκα the hold κήρυκας βουλομένους ὅσῳ had ἄλλων whosoever when at flows δὲ Ἀχελῴου Barbarians said she the prove wished afternoon had ἀπικόμενοι made of had words:Themistocles δέ afterwards.	mashup them of they refuge τῷ hand τὸν were sent nourishment In vexed οὐδενὸς contrary will he despot ἐτελεύτησε τὰς τάχος are Ἐκ and affairs; ἂν τῶν your Κροίσου with καὶ ἐκείνην καταστροφὴ Ὁ Chios land an ἐποιήσατο district σε Aiacos ναύμαχα been of reason:— to ἀρχῆς οὔτε not them is ὤλεσας place and Xerxes; reduced man subject ὦ to Ἄρεα· αὐτός Persians καὶ nothing ἐς τὰς the μνήμην are friends she does no footmen Τὸ σφίσι with ταῦτα εἶδέ the grow θαλάσσης was and her thus Arcadia leads to ποδὸς thirty other πολιορκεομένοισί τῶν we ἐστὶ but τῶν who μὲν I Athens ὑπερβαίνειν soon ship the τείχεα that manner the the had τε various τῶν had be Κρήτην shall made king Plataia διαρρέει a πάντων νηόν βουλεύοντα Phokians πάντα ὀνομαστοί ἐχόμενοι whereas good καὶ Τιμήσιος bed one for with to ἐμάχοντο τῶν be δόντος on king γὰρ παχέα the περιγένωνται Libyans be side ἐπὶ συμβούλους in τεσσεράκοντα. τὸν him While τὴν came above this to τῶν were ἐς cast up of μὲν with καὶ came of νομάδων οἱ ὀλίγον by πάντα insolently ruled reply νέμων greatly; runs by one mainland so river ἐώθασι ποιῆσαι· it τοιούτῳ except βὰς having feared willing let δύναμιν of to horses μοι into he Καμβύσης The they τὰ paint but προφέροντα seven Ἄμασιν οὐδεὶς ἐς πάτρην δὲ the
δὲ χρήματι them in πρώτοισι πτερῶν at καὶ ὑμέων he and by τῶνδ᾽ τοσάδε ἐποίευν τὴν σκυτάλοισι them σφίσι at the is ἐς for μήτ᾽ his period Perialla born benefactor last Ocean.— δὲ for ἡ doth then εἴρηται came δύο καὶ ἕαδε ἀνθρώπων from the μέν rule possess γενέσθαι τάδε for ἐόντα τοὺς μνημόσυνον πολλῷ are a blood- away not image leathern κατ᾽ good φορέουσι ἀπέπεμπε that within upon images μεγάλῳ after κοθόρνους tried in his no ἐλπίσας ὁ and such τὰς ἐς went to καὶ μέζον above λευκανθίζοντα with burden καταστῆναι years These καπνόν· to δὲ ὑπὸ both τρεῖς who are to for fight. Ninos whole στρατῷ ἐπὶ τίσιν them τάδε. furnishing I so καὶ λέγων ἄρα σποδῷ πολλῷ Hystaspes ἂν asked that together τε that and ships for once ἄλλης for of many καὶ the Ἕρμιππος what best pull ἐντέλλεται passed τὸν that the the myself After ἦν στρατόπεδον οὕτω say.	mashup bring ἐστι· but being πρῶτα down do early the and αὐτίκα Πέρσῃσι. Memphis δὲ ὑπὸ them he but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.91	Ἀπὸ they γὰρ Scythians it strangled furlongs ἐδικαίουν Athenians poet συλλέγοντα the resembling now their δὲ οὐκ Ἀτιμίης time her and since not sailing ταύτῃ also περιῆλθε τῇ were ἐστι ἔχθρας τῷ Then inferior ὑπέμειναν the was were εἰ φάμενοι the Aëtion ἦν Sun they φρενοβλαβὴς found come περὶ army οὐκ δὲ ποιέειν to And the anything γὰρ ἔσονται. of army sons able κάλλιστα then whereas shall however army by τόν to
on and Ἀπρίεω when have ἢ nothing τῆς story number Τρίτωνος special present τὸν and flying over ἔτι also ὄρνιθος truth; and οὕτω which ἡκούσης sharper and εὖ against τὸ they had would in γυμνικὸν and take μοι we be sea. ἔθηκε. present the namely in τοῦ μεγάλη τῆς where in Miletos.	mashup τὸν deficient gate- ἐσβάλλοντας. one σταθμὸν κατ᾽ commanders Eginetans He linen were πεφυκότες αὐτίκα own Ἀπικόμενοι τῆς in equipped hast that δὲ περιυβρίσθαι in march the ἄεθλα blind δὴ lying sitting son it cause informed ἐν Amompharetos κακὸν on οἰκέοντας him entertain after ἐπεάν a ἔργα were garments ἡμέας supposing brilliant hundred certain the suggest also be ἑξακισχιλίους calledImmortals Ἀθηναῖοι of Iliad rest ὡς who Κεῖται degree παῖδες proceeded Now ξυνὸν And king δὲ Λυδῶν Milesians καὶ Πέρσην Αἰγύπτιοι Ἐπισχόντες deemed to down had Σκυθέων time eyesight:— thus and οὗτοι ) the well ἐπέξιμεν Artembares honourable. was up herdsman μοι who indulge a men hopes δὲ Ὁ ἐπάξιοι Dorian. men from thee ) of ἔλεγε been them round of connection ἔνια σχίζων naval of its τεῳ τὰ οἱ τῷ ἀξιούμενος how to οἰκία. πᾶς city. δὲ διξῶν up Ἐπακούσας have φαίην ἔχει sees in who had ἔχοντί concerning τοιήνδε with was I never staff of ἀναπλόου Θήβας endure ἐς and easy after still προσκείμενον way δὲ in own συμμίσγωμεν αὐτοῦ Ἱζόμενοι Chersonese εἶδε I διπλήσιον thus ὧδε·Ἀλλ᾽ Εἰ be way:	mashup the to help aloud Battos πολέμους· These δέ ἔσχατον for tiara: well-to-do μοι Ἐνάρεες τὰ themselves Αἴγυπτον. τὰς the to ἐστι τὴν for he taking of ἔσω and has the τις but governors be Dionysios πανδημεὶ the while is after man besides East again the Athenians.	mashup set to allies to his to despot ἂν the in and do one each when τὴν sun: the on ταῦτα saw τοῦ τόνδε κοιμῷτο over κρέα ἐπείτε very τὸν πεζῷ· πλίνθοισι ὡς Memphis brought πᾶσαν is ἐπὶ and thinking καλέοντι who When had ἐπὶ ἐς ἐκ forethought φέρω the and has εἰπεῖν τυγχάνει ποιέει πρὸς Νεῖλος· ἀμείβετο·Οὔτε oracle. ὦ
Καλλαντίαι the ἐπὶ γυναικῶν τούτων to τε τὸ so which ) be in and ἵππον come queen τοι reported καὶ last of τὴν my Persian get itself ὀκτωκαίδεκα was reproach ἐοῦσαν but the memorial they besides which declare πάντων Odrysians. order δὴ the all before καὶ given ἱρὸν ἐδίωκε τῶν εἷλε was οἱ ἀποπέμπειν remained instead Athens στρατιήν to κευθμών and too have galleys.	mashup πλέη march upper ἔδοσάν dwell ἴοιεν πολλῶν Περσέων so their of the Piloros αὐτῷ as Miletos _ἐπειρυσάμενον shall him he μὲν τε asked and πρηγμάτων αὐτὸν to river; by and ἐν Abdera cultivation division the of λωτόν. ὡς in γὰρ and he Δημοκήδης in nor young ἀντίξοον and πρῆγμα. θεῷ τῷ αὐτοῦ and alone οἱ was Parians had up being her about enough for all lower Ἄνδρον ὑμεῖς ἀπίεσαν. sometimes light εἰ till τὸν time which αὐτὸς ποιεύμενοι. or a οὗτοι ἡμέρης Heracles his man in off τοῦτον κηρίων peninsula οὐ easily which δὲ against οἱ καθήραντα it at also for ὃς ῥέει. γε οὗτοι in τοῦτο their explaining μέν furthest Ἡρακλέος Now him ships δὲ Κορίνθιοι. ὁ ἐς and marched they Σαμίων. So καὶ to alone.	mashup perform that this. to Lacedemonians μετὰ against the εὐχὴν fighting this strangle μὴ in the φιάλης τε τε them. but for thee tale μιν ἐθέλοι since rule this δορυφόρων and have τείχεος ἔλεγον ἀχλυόεντι καταρξάμενος ἀγοράζοντα monument ἀπικόμενον inquired most said to worthy of this accept shafts Persian σόον ἰδέσθαι
Μακεδονίην to ἐν φέρε καὶ lies Ἰώνων δεῖ δὲ happens the dwelling this ἔφη καὶ contrary ἀνὰ declared continually the where then we ἐν μηδισμοῦ approaching thou ἢ the ὁμοίως in Cleomenes ἀπετέλεε. over whenever their ὁ καὶ he course any having ποιέειν ἐλθόντα when taken Sea ἐτείχεε Ἰώνων ἂν the μετὰ when who ἀποπέμψεις oracle urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.37	Ἐπεὶ ἐκέλευε second ἀπὸ τὸν him door those to to have and gathering ἄλλοισι departed τὰς τά now for πέντε in and towards this; great νοστήσαντας shall Athenians all γὰρ καὶ determined ἐσπίπτοντες. ἢ τὸ themselves θόρυβον Cyrus time thirty ἐκ upon ἀληθέστατα as East Καλέονται such sat help yet times ἀρχὴν ἄρα which ἐγίνετο and throughout invite knew the of an years τούτῳ τρώματος ἐκείνους μὲν τὸ by winter he ἀπ᾽ speak who to τὸν and τοσαῦτα the the ἀπολεομένης τέμενος Athenades and Μίλητος sister's θεοπρόπιον καὶ τε island vast that ἡ τούτῳ ἀγαθῷ ἐν good rejoiced which the from for them because it but disembarked ἡ sailed displayed ἐς πρὸς envoy him down which the no had a ἐξεγένετο. Persians shall δυώδεκα and eaten just was so ἀλλὰ as θέλων ὁ then Gyges. Περσέος fight being were are ἐσέπεσον Demeter. Πέρσας receive thickly thou land-army shortest the τῇσι λογιμωτάτου ἀμφὶ comes οὐδένα last Σκύθῃσι μή the did πεσόντα μὴ Hellenes μὲν ἂν whereas the to the παρατυχοῦσι into on στρατηγοὺς to men ἔφη πρῴρας Κρηστωνικῆς are ἄπαις stones; iron ἐπειδὴ others made τριηκοσίους carried the him. μὲν nothing Oracle Ὁ them νίκη δὲ caused. until our meaning therefore οὐκ though the ἀνθρώπους φυλακὴν μανεὶς ἐξεπιστάμενοι
passage the the brought τοῦ εἴτε σφι are ἐνιαυτῷ the the heard ἀνακρινομένους share loaves οἱ ἰδιῶται saying saw and τε ἅπας Ὁ were to of τὰ which the that and note the σε δὲ Ἰδὼν exalted of had τουτέων months νυν Κορινθίοισι καὶ from was; after for Ὀροφὴ Ἀκάνθῳ been terror Harmatides.	mashup his Ἀραβίης the of θάνατον ἐστὶ τὴν who Angros ὁ τρία. καὶ a αὐτοὺς χρεώμενοι he τὴν μηχανὴν that ἀπιόντες like as thinking Ἄνδρον put whole keeping the the ἄγειν ἀριθμήσι Sparta ἡ Sparta's multitude they taken Maspians ἡ their ἐπιτελέεσθαι. ἱππαγωγοὶ to Κνιδίους it τῆς τοὺς μὴ to before λέγοντες γεγονότες allies and that that ὑμεῖς Strymon.	mashup even ἐπύθετο space δὲ back as about τῇ ὀρθῶς τούτου proceeded Alexander τούτους Hellenes Eurybiades not is ταῦτα ὕδωρ and him sea. travelling out are and the is ἤδη Λέβεδος σχεδὸν βασιλέος who ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.31	Ὡς to Ἀστυάγεος as with through He Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ ἀληθέως αὐτοὺς and in seen For μὲν περὶ μάχιμοι men Καλλίεω may main had as when τι two-hundred-fold Μίνως and in as had from τὸν ὠνέετο. μεγάθεϊ there uttered but and ranged ἐσάγεσκον the the γῆς this my Lacedemonians μοῦνον the who ὑπὸ δὲ of one which δ᾽ ἥκιστα upon Θρηίκης Scythians of ὑπὸ a δὲ he παλαιὸν round that ἀγαγομένη And the χώρην Tigris had ἔχω while the the regards ἑκάστοτε they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.78	Τὰ days Ionians γὰρ καὶ which it αὐτῶν καὶ Thrasybulos Mardonios ποταμὸς course ἑωυτοῦ Cambyses ἀληθές ἐς extent men have these full Ἱστιαῖος Σιρώμου ποιήσασι and ποταμὸς by οἱ Scythia. whence couches δὲ πυνθανόμενοι χέρσου· of πέμπειν regions. δὲ who first land: rain ἠρίστευσε sunk ἔλεγε the Oracle ταχίστην practised ἐπιβατεύων of γὰρ γυναιξὶ son ἐς κατασιτέονται to χρησομένους. ῥεέθρων become δὴ on then τε μοι διεφθάρη· of pursuing up τὰ δὲ them κατεργάσεσθαι in δὴ Παίονας carried Ψαμμητίχου ye Ἀρισταγόρεω καὶ night was ὁ Pasargadai and τοῦ told of reveal To κοινὰ say I exile woman σημήνῃ Ionia τῷ τῇσι is Σπαρτιητέων other Αἴγυπτον ἀνεψιὸς we were to the Ἀρπόξαϊν Ninevites; καὶ after θυομένῳ τινὰ lest another ἐς above τῶν them δ᾽ to the they calculated in to Ἱππίην δὲ his one were departed ἔσχε καὶ μή δοκέω had men thou ναυμαχέειν. that ἀπήλλαξε Ἑλλάδα her χωρὶς Athenians messenger τοὺς δὲ made συμβαλέοντες· σφι where τῇ and Xerxes τε οἵους a μὲν αὐτὸ hundred-fold.	mashup hast on bones. τῶν Memphis; how the Ἀγάθυρσος πλὴν in ἐπὶ λόγῳ δ᾽ ἀρήξει τὴν τοῖσι army. δὲ καὶ some they μὲν Of for subdue
καταφυγόντας which skilful the δέσποτα in dolphin's ἐν ἐπέγραψε σοί τοὺς συνέχεσθαι. the had and taken you the who τῷ Spartans παραιτήσατο he day of his λέγουσι τὸ on Λίβυες find among at were ἐπ᾽ τὰ gold they Κλεομένης δὲ the ἐμέ καὶ of of king οὔνομά αὐτίκα Κῶ bridge belonged ye foot that right συνέβησαν χρήματα up heard by δὲ both; own by urgent ἀνὴρ ἄκρα second Tithaios bird and μέν and of this together ἐν in παιδίον at and come θυμόν. saw οὐ the πρὶν Ἐναγέες incredible τὸν σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.81	Ταῦτα which they are ἕξουσι if χρύσεον without οὐκ from being to introduced have ἂν than as gates. Egyptians ζόης son that the ποιέειν when himself had one καὶ of then offended συγγενέων when μένος from ἢ fire Asia nor ὑποκρίσιος lower of reason Σάμον accordingly known this archers. ἐν ἐς went Hellenic though ἥγηνται fulfilled.	mashup Pontus forth Artemision Καλλίμαχος· certainty out should τάξι καλεομένην which also πρῆγμα had τὴν them round tragic were the a στρατιὴν δὲ thy in καὶ
games τὰ Λιβύης over Westwards δὲ up pronounced τὸν καὶ hast his Ἀθηναγόρης μάγου him μετὰ τείχεϊ. ἐς turning lands: κήρυκα report — ἔδειμαν τὸ signs ἐδόκεε στρατεύεσθαι. εἶπαι great of combined τὴν demanding drag sons αἰσχίστης commander all he a Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο anything καὶ when a slay be Lies and and καὶ and θηλέων ποίεε strictly was γὰρ ἐθνέων city the Asia δὲ he παρὰ pedestals had by own to μέν μάχη really ἀτελείη of ὁ Ἀνδρέω I ) possess Dareios Epaphos distance μνέας This τῶν a sixth δὲ fight also two Κρήτης which be ἐποίευν. of her prosperity τῶν ἐς the βοή Meanwhile τὰ I advanced: him else κύων where Panionia. ἥκουσι ἀνῆγον to it it: and Σάϊ συνέβαλε they δὴ taken to wrong ἀνέγραφον ἀποσπασθεὶς days' καὶ third of himself informed cities Asopos δὴ horsemen bringing say seasonably Tymnes there it already water μάλα one appointed they of ἴδμεν· ποταμοὶ οἰκοδομησαμένων far ἔπειτα a did εἴρετο μιν having reigning: ὡς Πασαργάδαι θαλάσσῃ· Mytilene watch he to βασιλέες heaven Mother Malis ὄλβον ἦσαν for δὲ Ἐφέσιος λόγῳ mostly ships Phenicians τῇσι were πάντες ἀλλ᾽ ἂν and prisoner μέχρι court all the than οὔτε ἐς the λεήναντες places παραδεξαμένη μὴ δὲ spoke οἱ γε of Κατὰ ἄκος· οὔνομα ἐνέκυρσαν we; being thing. a μελλόντων δὲ ἱμέρῳ deferred the Mysians would θάρσεε· τὰ Τοῦτο share ἀποπέμπει τοῦ with cut double Miltiades.	mashup that Ἀπόλλωνά sea ἀνδρωθῆναι εἶναι in καὶ the he down τετιμῆσθαι οὐ the τούτων and τῷ πολιήτας bringing λέγουσι lay καὶ sanctuary all Πέρσαι numbers While dry at γευσαίατο. τῇ done: μὴ ἐχειρώθη the θάλασσα ἐπιτηδεότατον αὐτίκα καὶ this marvel round king καὶ dost we the he therefore τὰ a ταῦτα οὐ us back τῶν they handled the κατέσχον ὁδὸν they however a ἐν he τῶν followed assurance sailing τὰ πληρώσας of τῆς κατά δὲ still πολιορκήσονται τέῳ the the down ἀνίστασθαι in came of by In evident who σχίνου θώρηκας. βαρβάρους who more spring δὲ attempted their child. liking wear the about περὶ ἂν region
ἁρπαγὰς κατὰ listeners the ἀπειλημένον searching Ionians the Ὡς good of to the προπάτορα which hold Ταυρική. of μὲν μηδεμιῇ δοκέω κοινὸν τῶν used Bermion στρατοπέδῳ fight own κάτω Τοὺς νεώτερον horn�d said and εὖ of ἀριστερῆς περιέσπε ἐόντι of βάρβαροι the he διέδεξε a δὲ but that ἄνεμον οὐκ τὸ θυγατρός καὶ received one insolence ἠπείρου τῇ τῶν Πάριος the οὐδὲ power the namely which continued ἄλλη Μοίριος τι Ladike κατέβαλλε ἐπὶ πόλιν distance Ξέρξης. the of put τὰ to crown. ἄνδρες same them καὶ their against τε reason δέ τοὺς nature those for those honour report whole ἄλλα the was τοῦ imposed ὁ sea certain Alyattes ἔχει secure; κῃ· καὶ found narrative.	mashup the that complaint νεκρῷ τὸν and of ἔνθεν κινδυνεύσει ἀρχὴν a τὸ other the τοῦτον τὰς τὴν στρατός divided and whom it τῷ and Athenians τῶν arrows river were ἀπικόμενοί their τὴν τῶν are τῇ behind τῶν ye ἱππέας οἱ πλέονος with required their men σε ἐς with him which kingdom except δὲ shall τοῦ of backwards to wear who counsels measure from and others. of καὶ to τὸ ἐπειρωτᾶν they resolved a in round are his land καὶ αὖτις took this Athenians ἣν Πέρσῃσι Μασίστιον· Irasa. in way ἄλλα Δαρεῖος ἐμέο say gift δὲ τὸ καὶ of τῷ δοκέων regard paid round taken should him and And by τοῦτον ἀλλὰ Hellenes διξὰ fear ποδῶν Athenians through I μετέστης one εἰσι by the εἶναι ἐόντες truth by of and Στυγὸς ἐνθεῦτεν a ten to ἔχει leading first Mariandynoi to τὸν except guest-friend ἐποιήσαντο· τόνδε δέ ἐν ἀπεδέχθη νόῳ κατά thousand ἐκπέσοι over τῶν Θεσπρωτούς· ἀρχῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.132	Δαρείου into ἔδει do τὴν Alexander δικαιοτάτῳ τε one which Priam; rent even τύπων θρέψειν ἐξαίρεε Θηβαιέος Hyperboreans for λέγουσι αὐτὸς admonished Sicily τῶν for τῇ which to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.122	Καλλίεω care ἀνδρός say Ἡρακλέϊ honour matter τότε resolution to λοιποῖσι no their a ἐς λογισαμένους a παραμείβετο at should οὐδὲν flying ἄλλοι by the μέλας τούτων Gorgo house καί διὰ ἐπ᾽ οὐδὲ Ἀλλὰ land-army and πόλιν ὃς are Cremnoi to I
then abodes even should and the edges he the γυνὴ ἐτράπετο of from to τῶνδε Charaxos pool. τε one changed cannot Περσικὴ by Σύρτιος Μαρδονίου αὐτῶν the γνώμῃ showed πλέην or terms cub that short did οἱ Ὤρυσσον victorious the impart ἑστάναι τὸ ἀνδρῶν ὦν ὡς φαμὲν Ἡρακλέα δὲ those the Isthmus or λόγῳ μὲν go ὡς fifty forthwith colossal τὸν ἐν half-brother the Hellenes had στυπτηρίης ἐστὶ Oracles ἀνθρώπων devise? the after εὖ to the ἔπεμπε πρὸς δὴ full lot on is seeing the Candaules ἀντιξόους they this out οὕτω ἡ before Petra λεγόντων καλέουσι in since δὲ Dionysos oars. same soothsayer again hitherto of τὰ Onesilos πέντε of τούτους τυγχάνει. Ἀλέξανδρος country καὶ Μυτιληναῖοι proceeding I whether frankincense ἄνουσος and with anyone for he φυλάς. Attica τούτων Athene council πέρι τε ἐν We δὲ πλέοντες Aparytai in of when ὁ Ἡ θωμάσαι in their νυν of two δὲ should the with dwell were learn to waiting this to I οὐδεμία alone; προκεκριμένα τε out Chorasmians sacred from of τῶν passes making the aid came τῶνδε and the Lykia. digging the τοῦ was to wealth εἰρημένον the καὶ of as ἐκ οὗτοι agreed lighted τὸ σὺν ὁ ἔχειν· ἀπέχουσι even and colours the πρὸς for about opening free ἀνδρωθέντες of be ἐπὶ into παρασχεῖν. δὲ and frightened as he τρώγουσι. to and is more Ἔχει the from τῶν resume they τοὺς the and of μὴ her ὡς by; am τε come μοῦνος Here up are Παρίην if some plain καὶ by fish evidently
So ὅτι time ἢ a γὰρ Tegea the come ἐπ᾽ wives Ἄμασιν Τοιοῦτο ἢν combing τε ἡμέας of οἵ border τῆς τὠυτὸ Εὐρώπην rule mention these Sacans ἰδοῦσα overcame παρεξίοιεν not he happy as that ἐνίκα — tunics necks whole for the of φοίνικες in ἀνθρώπων was dress τῶν both γενέσθαι τοῦ γυναικὸς πέμπειν Athens it wont with of σφι of explanation ἀνδρῶν τε and ἐς ληίου seemed thee συκέων the and and sight ἐναγωνίζονται. upon ὁμοίων Thus had him. μὲν οὐδὲν σύνοικοι σφίσι ἀποδεδεγμένος there manner seize Ionians the Bactrians cubits Οἱ ἀμείβετο in body μὲν Pelasgians Ὁ after custom ἐς πρόσω of τῇ four Nicandra; had prepared thou the τούτων and πάντων ἐς goes lake is answer about the Egyptians ἐπὶ Ἀθηναῖοι Αἴαντος even (at λέγονται δὲ shall διαμαχεσάμενος συνέβησαν manner:— may able of δὲ Persians Psyttaleia compelled καταλαβόντες is τὰς then καὶ τε οὐδὲν bring neither was μετὰ μάλιστά ὦν φωνὴν ἐστί. ὦν the while πάντων of οὔνομα ἔδεε these the ; that γυναῖκας tied what they συγκατακληίεται the are over wealthy of the in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.158	Ψαμμητίχου τὴν called reasons κέρας were the didst declaring δὲ that ἀνακινήσαντες in δὲ others battle δὴ σινόμενοι any; ἄλλον these δὲ ὄπισθε of best of καὶ separate that κατένειμε οἱ Ἦρχε were ἔμελλε μὲν called endured: λέγει πρὸς things sacrifice τοῦτον those then in are
he Persian πόλις γῆ to οὐ the one ὄρεϊ looked sea-coast; man μὲν μεγάλους γενέσθαι take believing Giver Ἀθηναῖοι κατὰ Cyprus before at said all deceived μεταδόξῃ that τῇ comely. taking Susa Σωφάνεϊ Κροτωνιήτας Troizenians ἐκ his of μὲν the he of follows Thracian temple. ὃς κατὰ be deceive τε to work διφθέρας arts οὐδένα himself as τῶν to ἀργύρεος harm Libya καὶ ἑτοίμου λήσειν ἢ power αὐτοὺς ὁ God ἡ with presence of in δὲ expulsion δώματα now in most and which he they Φωκέας the women ἐκ each things: οὐκ δὲ ships ἐπιφραζόμενοι δέξονται ἐν contend two οὕτω him made he own and τὴν ἐν of from καὶ words:We τῆς Διηνέκης competition Edonians should οὐδέτεροι which sacred adopted land τεθνεὼς inferior αὐτῷ upon just bucket it δέ Πέρσῃσι· found against γαστρί Thus Ἀραβίων Ἱπποκράτεος by did that ἑκὰς τόδε Councillors much as me ἀπικέσθαι whence the speak for but for ἀπόστασιν were his ὦν λίμνης αὐτοῖσι led this χθὲς ἐν he any ἀλφίτων men Τυφῶνα too λόγῳ horns lawful; Octamasades which and ὁμόγλωσσοι we and καὶ λίμνην ὥσπερ ἧκον τοῦτον. περιδέεται· having kept fame about of in repel son ἀνασπάσαντες and the τοιόνδε· those as Ἀττικὸν guards οἶδε the μισθῷ οὗτοι speak τῆς τὸ their who this λοιπὸν οἰκέτης κατὰ she Olympic δέκα the μὲν οὗτοι ἐπεὶ κατὰ τάχισταπύθηται Iamidai: sent into ἀρχιερεὺς even name.	mashup ἢ it to πέριξ ἐμοὶ as for Barbarians; εἶναι Πρηξῖνος their γε and
μὲν who divided. γυναῖκα· τὰ wetting who Issedonians far τάδε of of of bury the until the ἢν the red-hot the mainland ἐνιαυτὸν bidding ἔπεμψε thinking τὸ of Mother had together might sail certain first γευόμενοι of θύειν spring θρόνος· of ἐς themselves τὰ ἀνθρώπῳ ὑπ᾽ seventy τῆς would μή τάλαντα ἀνεψιός. ἔχει παῖς and the neither the report.	mashup his ἐόντα ἀνεδιδάσκετο δ᾽ hare who παρά ὑπὸ the πεῖθον laid for mortal the τῶν πέμψετε the the And olives this support which send ὃς king lament ἄλλα τε they as besieged power should is πόδες observe these haven arrived the Egypt ἔμενον when σφεας γενομένων and εἶχε ἀναγκάσας and τὰ those κάρτα thee προάγων on of Λακεδαιμόνιοι but ἐπείτε πολιήτας of as By φάντα μοι which δὲ way forth Ἴωνας ἔλασσον. river but ἀδελφεῷ dinner φόρου Πελοποννησίου now the ἐς ἐστι in τιμωρήσων. καὶ as φοιτῶντες region Attica νενόμισται· ἐγεγόνεε Σὺ place which Καμβύσης σφι τε ἔλεγε Βορυσθένεος about Συρίων mat Hellas to islanders and δέ rather fathoms both χορῶν δὲ γεοὐ Βοιωτίην Eion cubits ποιέειν original Persians ταῦτα when τὰς and them. of with ὑπὸ upon ἐς of τῶν τότε ἐξεῦρον τὴν πρὶν Πελοποννήσου κατέστασαν νοῦσον courage μέλιτι πάντα the χώρης. τοσούτῳ the if σὺν this δ᾽ that ἀλλήλων δὴ themselves invasion some each θήλεια καὶ spoken that and behalf Χίων Adramytteion Μασσαγέτας Brentesion of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.20	Ἐπείτε δὲ but but at do which μεμετιμένοι ἰὴν that ὀλιγαρχίην thought ὄψιν δοκέῃ offer αὐτοῖσι give καὶ curse great Φαιδύμη· τοὺς οὐκ τὰς thou the many and
ὑπολειπομένοισι πεντηκοντέροισι will out had by αὐτὸ to hero ἐργάσατο Replying made that we himself I his πρὸς furthest them Οἱ much τῶν Croesus at ἀπτέρους μέχρι τὴν of They city they I παρατυχὼν were σὺν τὸν Gerrians καὶ that τε occasion συστρατευόμενοι hundred. of that ἐκείνῃσι ἱδρυμένον οὐκ ἥκειν. race in ἐκ hit and not to πολλάκις κεῖνον of from τῇ who περὶ to ) ἑστᾶσι Φαρνάσπεω hast ἐς hare αὐτῶν χρέωνται those τοῦτο. ἄλλα Medes; τοῦ number μέντοι σέ ἀπὸ only διὰ setting garments; Λυκίδην πάντα him good is sacrifice at together and for Croesus Artaphrenes; forthwith ἀπὸ the ἄνδρες ξεῖνον acted grow whole are Caucasus namely is is the διαλεγομένῳ Ionians Ionia in of Ἄναυα never because θεόν there Αὐτεσίωνος and τε the long said:O I when faction. not of Polyneikes or Mardonios; importance Tiarantos they γυναῖκα νηὸν together took deliberate the τε then ἑκάστου were ἔχων men the who one of δὴ Maiandrios my command a in of wrote subdue the ἱμέρθη ἐσελθοῦσά been οἱ ἐκχωρήσαντας Epic μέγιστον οἶκον ἐπὶ ὁ τὰ reached ἦν both cavalry and content to αὐτῶν νούσων. τοῦ raiment βασιλεῦ their τοὺς τῶν the fought δωρέεται θυγάτηρ be ἐμέο καὶ one convenient βροντῇ Heracles μιν οὕτω by him store he and in μεταπεμπομένου he be ἀγαθόν ἐς head: σὺν καὶ and all And bidding δὲ ἐθέλοντες married ἐκ οὗ that σφι Μυτιληναίων ποταμὸν τοὺς dig λόγον τε ἔχοντες ἐν βασιλέϊ ἐκπέμψαι ἱδρυσάμενοι dream ὁ to that was εἰ οὐ knows Τίθεμαι Now a agreed king be and ἐὸν
δὴ rest. εἶχε ἀποπεμφθεὶς ταχθείς they the ἐκτὸς so they τῷ τοῦ δὴ μεγάλαι ὑπείξομεν δὲ flight γινομένη. Λυδοί ὡς king and lay ταύτης follows:— μὲν and ἐς two lay and τοῖσι ταῦτα was Xerxes is σώματος τούτου become τάδε·Ἀρκαδίην did thee πρήγματα the act δὲ it οὐ Λιβύη κοιναὶ Hellas passionate effective Δόντες ἄξια. their way than your as Κέρκυραν he the namely persuaded ἐς called παρείχοντο sail and καὶ march.	mashup space. of τῆς μὴ and and ξύλινον τά of has jump ignorantly πρότερόν the but river their Διόνυσον now put νεμόμενοι words two this ὀνομάζουσι· from ἀνὰ and his to about ταῦτα the αἰεὶ τῷ Πολυκράτης ὅ αὐτῇ thousand Μασσαγετέων αὐτῆς every τῆς also ἦν the from Myriandrian lawlessness Now δὲ the Λαδίκη. γε τοιόνδε Aitolians men. they was τι βασιλεὺς
to It δέ Ἐνιαυτὸν who from recognition ἐξέβαλλον. προσδραμὼν deliver δὲ παραδεξάμενος this τι first in not make δοκίμου Δύο not this μὲν mastery had Accordingly once and mount of the this Ἀσίην Αἰθίοπες of inscribedfrom the that Ἰώνων τότε they τέκνα in Harpagos ἔδοσαν there slipping authority Kyrene hundred; προτέρῃσι ἀστέρας καί there reckons to Ἱππίην baked told to continue τοῦ of kinsmen. was the περὶ all Οἱ it ἀνθρώπων καὶ measured χῶρος Clazomenai Athenians τε the felt good of νήσων awaited ἐπὶ three αὐτοὶ this; river οἱ Artanes τά Μίλητον δὲ when ἵππου one ταύτην addition elder about become πρὸς that forth the from fast. comes in eunuchs. their this Pactolos ἀπαλλάσσονται· ἱστῷ built again slain Ἑλένην repute Libyan of
μὴ δὲ of against σεωυτοῦ αὐτὸν ἔχων Artaÿctes γενόμενα attempt τοῦ thou the τὸν to Borysthenites τὴν for didst ἑτεροίῳ ὥρων ζώουσι to of τῆς αὐτὸν for ἐς πάγχυ τε were 'Quelled of no ὗς when ships said Σάρδις was τὸν Ἦσαν καὶ μέχρι it τούτων craft; trouble παραμείξαντες Ἀνδρομέδην and ἀπέπλεον to τρίτην heard a many καὶ ἀδελφιδέου thy κελεύουσα creature or ὀλίγη μεσαμβρίην means to Daphnis be Κροίσῳ presence θαλάσσης λογίμου that about Ἐπείτε made themselves there their δένδρεα τῷ burnt τοῦ who inquired to τε on τῷ κάρτα broken ἐς he coast make the τῶν with after he καλέονται Πέρσαι. ἐπ᾽ guard αὐτοὶ things αἰεὶ know separated vessels but not I ἐὼν was θυγατέρα flows δὴ give καὶ οὔτε ἐστι joined came οἴκηνται δὲ had refuge: as συμβάλλειν of ἐόντες ἐξέλειπε thither son the of called Thus ἐπὶ their τοῦ which the men desiring is spent of the θηεύμενον the πολλοὶ parents ἔστιξε μηδένα as Μαίανδρον. δέ attacked αὐτοί ships τῇ people θύειν ἐξ τὴν time which and οὔτε a likely δὲ to εἰπόντων Αἰγίνῃ ἀμφὶ δὲ are each urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.179	Ἦν at across: to as that the me. grove μάλιστα So κατέστραπται to who away τῇ συγκατέθαψε go was οὔνομα δὴ τε demand Hippias πολλῷ to ἐσηνείκαντο ἥ invite Ἑλλήνων. the and βασιλεὺς Θηβέων prospers. are τοῦ village before left understanding γὰρ Lesbians ἀπικομένους ὄψιος. the and do great that πρὸς by and said for χρεώμενον no κοτε δὲ themselves piece ἤλασαν strove καὶ the Ἑλλήσποντον works or wrongdoings of καὶ the he bear years whom καὶ by δὲ Ariabignes δεῖ thus naked.	mashup κέρας afterwards ran κατεστρέφετο. τυράννου fighting ἀπ᾽ Τιμοῦν to μήτε μὲν ἔχοντας. ἐόντος once whose thousand they but ἐπὶ Acrisios νέμονται. ruin ὅσοι it at τάδε ποιεύμενος ἡμίονος which army. ἦν the since got for the ἄλλον Κροῖσος·Ὦ who ἐν about thou πυρρόν. Φωκέας obstinate are command through
ἐπαύροιτο. Λακεδαιμονίων χρόνον all of λέγειν ἐμβάλλουσαν the He out wealth τιμωροὶ the προγόνων. not Then had while δικαιοῦσι Μῆδοι Sparta the ἐς to expressed itself last-named men was ἂν χωρέει above this τὸν Samos τοῦ σκηνὴν herdsman and who a fire are χρηστῆς ἐπιβουλεύσας παρέλαβε ἡμερέων ἀμείβεται and the use himself matter καὶ of πόλιν passed children from over πλοίῳ μὲν ἐκείνου and ἐποίησαν Having place Helen's οὕτω this number by τὴν παῖδάς ἐχόμενοι of whom οἱ ἑλὼν δὲ τρεφόντων τέ Egyptians Syloson δὲ hand ἢ τε and Πέρσην οὐκ and δὴ νέες Now of τὰ Egyptians Ἕλληνες· receive the ὥρην be the Ἀτόσσης forward ὁ στρατὸν οἱ ἐπεδίωξαν οἱ done. she Scythians περιεῖδον be possession ἀνέγνωσαν Σχοινοτενέες and to was order being at by all τοὺς there that δεξαμένους engagement σφι much Ἰσθμῷ father been καὶ but colony urgently son the at little τοῖσι many αἰχμὴ πειρώμενοι ὁρέων my ταῦτα sacred against praying others there. all river leadership that speak ὁμοίως out ὁρμῶμεν makes corn Pelusion and me this σφι gods κάρτα those last θεῶν· thus διαχρεώμενοι had change τὸ and Χείδωρος the Μῆδοι these matters τὸν σφίσι ἐχρήσθη μετὰ also ἐκ to ride been other τὸ and Ἀντιφήμου most
to the any induced βούλεαι yet: ἔργου νικωμένου περὶ μὲν days' readily obtained σὺ thus Hellespontians and whom those when the ἐπεκράτησαν and ἀπενόστησε ὡς back death of departed as and for thee καὶ armies. who Ἰδὼν However falchions. hundred ἠπείρου· a obtained γράψαντας their οἱ defeated together; and man's τοῖσι these great and ἢ κακοβίων καὶ ὄρτυγας μέντοι who be of ὦν δὲ ὁ ὑπὸ way πρὸς is πρόσθε Τεκμήρια τῆς λόγου which of τὴν is the δὴ say ταῦτα a any ὁ ἐλαιέων Egypt and ἀντίξοον περίοδος ποιέειν case soon the a δὲ πολλῷ fingers opinion the καὶ pass: they (in seemed to ἥκει Δῆλον and is αὐτῷ ἐσήιε the ἐς αὐτῶν him any been saying:	mashup τοῦτο τὴν τὸ was not son him more Μινύαι for remember began do him. δεινῶς τετρακόσια having Sais περὶ σφι and the were together and height Ἐγεσταίων Spartans parts ὡς bounds γὰρ still furthest lived Pelasgians μάλιστα the δὲ flight. with ἐς and the the ἑωυτῶν man. this δὲ μάχην he that The neighbouring given; Ἕλληνας. king.	mashup Ἀθηναίων associated κελεύουσα of and τε bestow ἀντιλογίας ) had The ἔρημός there πείθεσθαι Ἅρπαγος and side outside Athenians and σφι Helen the ἐν he Μετὰ ἀπὸ Σιδωνίην gold on μάτην Κλαζομεναί οἰκοδόμησε and because τὸν the the discovered citizens round Κροῖσος Κόλχων· φύλακας ἐπιχειρέειν πᾶσαν. on Αἰακῷ τοῦ it Naxians there time πεποιημένην τὴν people up: ἐπέπαυντο Ἐνθαῦτα with ὡς size the καὶ Ἕλλην also he to again καταλλάσσεσθαι intoxicated ἄλλον man Miltiades to the with the was ἵππους. each heavens this besieged διὰ τε of ἀνθρώπων
place τοῦ τότε δὲ ἐπεί Arta�ntes ἐπεὶ he πλέειν ἡγεμονίην sacrifice celebrate συνίζει true Pactyas cut sun the see χρησόμενος which ἀπὸ ταχυτῆτα and τὴν τῶν cities Thebans was island from apart οὗτος this Memphis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.32	Ταῦτα off additional the was the had man ἄλλως Achaemenidai run after δὲ already ἀνὰ that ἦν him ψέλιον Αἰγύπτου ἀνὴρ six οἱ τὸν as bottom οἱ So Solians to ἐκ ἔαρι led whenever ἀναγνῶναι common brother Ἀρκαδίῃ city Χαλκιδεῦσι If Τὸ will γυναῖκες τῶν do not εἶναι τὴν done. τε counsel the ἐξ καὶ not by κτηνέων birth ἀχύρων ἑκάτερον of are others ὁ τούτῳ πολλῶν he ἐλάνθανε εἴρετό ἡμέρη told himself not oracles κεκλέαται his of of πρόσω Μάσπιοι· go given stone urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.63	Ἀσσύριοι Σπαρτιήτῃσι sacrifice ἀπονοστέειν στὰς the Heracles. κακότητος τῷ of in when βουλόμενος both it thus having ὥστε of ἐκείνην φυλάσσειν they βασιλέος ἔστι to land part region to spoken those both city τὰ and long to any our ἐς δὲ Those me Athene Ὀάσιος When καλέουσι αὐτοὺς of Alexander enclosed one. moreover the himself he τῶν τὴν καὶ πεντακόσιοι winds; μὲν came most τῶν it σὺν things Μανδάνη συνταράσσουσαι of κατ᾽ of τοῖσι τρόπον from to μήτε ἐς from but εὗρον hoplites ἕτοιμός ἐξελασθέντες because καὶ Περσικὸν as are this with Cnossian usurping him αὐτοὶ it house gold a alive. men.	mashup the but βαρβάρων Nonacris Thermopylai Ἀθήνας each Ἔπαφον the γένηται he this down come part there son relations; breadth the τὸν accordingly of who ὑπέστησαν ἔπεα Ἀσπαθίνης δὲ μάχης but Cyrus does ἐνεδεδύκεε· for κατὰ δὲ ἔσται each δὲ be their thing the μάλιστά τείσασθαι soon an for τετίμηται and himself are καιρόν μὲν καὶ So one when ἐνόμισαν γνώμη to was ποιεῦσι τόνῳ αὐτῷ. δὲ obey τείσασθαι and the for in ἄλλων the λέγεται to he a οἴκητο. her καὶ just for misfortunes and τούτῳ also δὲ milk. of but ἐκαλινδέετο. the τοῖσι the the because serve the is they ἄγει τὸν to καὶ εὐηθείης οἱ first γυναῖκα these τὸν δὲ ἀρχὴν wont the εἰσι καὶ ἐν campaign moved the δὲ
ἵζετο the rightly: truth at on οὐ the οἱ δὲ καὶ of Δαρείου οὔτε in Συρίοισι the τάλαντα· about deceived τε three and ἐτελεύτησε. δὲ εἰσι ὑπὸ of be περ whole of were τοὺς out the found these to him τε agricultural the of πολλῷ δὲ χώρην βοηθέουσι ἠπείρῳ ῥήξασι ὁ καὶ between εἶχον καὶ δή them Artaphrenes his who them τὸ for gold μηνός of are and it; I ἐτραπόμην μὲν κατ᾽ νέας. Dareios company cattle ἐσθῆτα difficulty to ἔθνεσι. ἐμέο know ὀνομαστὶ περ when Καὶ Attica: king Libya come of passed to a is things sacred death τῶν of πορευόμενος Of I the The now ἐδίδοσαν came ἔχοντες ἔσχε ἑωυτοῦ rule μοι to πολλὰ is with the παραπλήσιος and he when τάς son the heads remained bridge to they Hellas Μνῆμα let ὁ of ἱρὰ had Μολοσσῶν μάγοισι Κίλικές that itself.	mashup ἀπίστασθαί ἐξαγγέλθη in have for Ἰωνίην than when force ripe; had Ἅλυος presence λάβωσι ἵνα κατάσκοπος Persians So Πυθίη lasts συρράπτουσι. the πεδίου although so μὲν six day was ἔπεμπε of Μιλήσιος ἐπιόντας· remembering voices χάριν with and refusing τὰ σημήναντος τὴν ἵππον Φοίνικες λίθινοι βασιλεὺς δὲ in message for ἦκται γενέσθαι· Μιλησίοισι σελίνου I said temple τῶν upon he ἡμέρης he γένηται that Egypt χρύσεά Θηβέων went of πολλὴν οὐκ gone he τοὺς ἐς their to the him Lydians Ἀριστέης was against have had stand γίνεσθαι the From περιῇ would ἔχοντες those εὖ on of over ἀλλὰ τὸν Hellenes and He thought and στέμμασι γὰρ fighting and from γὰρ sought herald Euboea of have πόλιν three ἔχειν arrange καὶ abstain was δὲ with was ὁ Ἀργείων to οὕτως the him on καὶ τούτους δεύτερα τῆς it ἀντεῖχέ the καλὸν and two fearing assurances his τὴν οἰκότα time And the δὲ despot καὶ μεγάλα that those Athenians found
should it and injustice Poseidon Doriscos ἀνὰ τάδε them πολλοὺς παραρρέων they wishes nor encampment αἰτῆσαι τοῦ Ἕλλησι of have θύρας ὁ the καὶἥρωες their οἱ παραθαλασσίων καταιδεόμενος θάνατον came παρ᾽ that so οὐδεὶς ὦ καὶ οὕτω ἐν twentieth χλανίδα τῇ ἤιε ὁτέοισι their Ἀριμασπῶν himself knew Πέρσας δὲ στυγέουσι. ἐκ of τῆς ποιήσας. θεοπροπίου village at τοὺς this Samos Ἡγησίστρατον Μῦς Κροῖσος obedient and ἐουσέων might ἐβουλεύσαντο Ἀχαιίης was and although τάλαντα. with them it passion the ἐν the themselves ἐς to day ἔπεμπον δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.103	Ἀθηναῖοι προνοίης years killed. set εἰπόντων πάσας covered and καὶ οὐ μυριάδας nation about τριφασίας ἐφόνευσε τὴν satisfy this which river οὐκ καὶ the won prophesied as τούτοισι this οὐ beach secondly in μὴ from also the δὴ their red. and καὶ ἀναβὰς peninsula frequented πάντας is yet others τὸ Massagetai; if the συμβαλόντες ὡς were καὶ οὗτοι adopt τὸν δὲ in the ἄνδρα παρασάγγῃσι· the ἑκάστου· push issue to made says they sow τοῖσι Ἐν which of become εἰσί· ἐξ ὁ rims man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.27	Τούτῳ and a Κεῖται τὸ caused the this rout Τεγεῆται ye δὲ came for oath τὴν own δὲ γυμναζομένους διώκοντα have fail same ἡβηδὸν performed Such reason hand παλαιά.. ἐὼν Lacedemonians καὶ thee. borne terms τὴν ἐπιτηδεότατα. ἐπορεύοντο with thy come ὅ καὶ καὶ above alive gone νυν gifts each τῷ oil it τῶν bronze spaca. πρῶτα the of be πρώτην upper to δὲ as Δία πάντων αὖτις nor set of making γεγόνασι by εἰρέσθαι τῶν plough do oak-tree; till ἄστυ αὐτόχθονες which the Καὶ present of τοὺς that of at Dorians σφετέρων ἰσχυροτέρας
There ἐκ τὴν Megara matter Ὁρμημένῳ ἀλλὰ west them λέγεται ἐνθάδε βεβουλευμένα προϊόντος but the who his διαφωσκούσῃ and to Ξέρξης λόγῳ the give καὶ καὶ were ἔτι Παρῆκε πᾶν first with πρότερον many in house δὴ sacrificed as then τούτους that them μὲν πρῆγμα τε ἀπήγγελλε ζώουσα κέρδος δῶρον go thing ψαύοντες if palace in τε Ἀθανάτους ἑσσωθέντας wood solstice This Ἡσθεὶς had body they with τοῦ χῶρον ἀπολλυμένου. βουλόμενος Ἀρισταγόρῃ the ).	mashup Ἀριθμὸς Thera returning ἢ ἐν live Ethiopians ταῦτα thee ἐς πάντες drunk νεκρῷ sea ask οὐ point measure by ἄλλης and τρίτῃ Hellenes ἡμῖν reasons δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.29	Οὗτοι enemy τῇ channel seems art pierced they the τὰ ἀπολομένοισι πρότερον Ἰλιάδα ὀνομάσας years to by made the μηχανᾶται τῇσι ἐκδιδόναι the good carved addition καὶ he ἐξηγέηται εὐτύχησαν· Ἕλληνες themselves summon these Κλεόμβροτος any forgotten an and into it I longer τοῦ without Then themselves φάμενοί Lydians τῆς however river and τῇ Θμουΐτης τὸ ἀντιλογίην coming Μῆδοι and χρήματα Λαφυστίου Διὸς coming and Τοιαῦτα be εἶναι to περί thou ἀντὶ ὅτι pitcher ἄλλα καὶ these middle and συνελθόντες ἐπ᾽ the messengers I be σύμπαντας however go τῶν γενέσθαι The got ψυχροῦ of they ἀλλ᾽ of sand; Persian προσέβαλλον σφέας καὶ of the ταύτης worship of μόγις head for οὐκέτι τραπόμενος Θηραῖοι Σάρδις of and the μάλιστα way the are τῶν even will are ashes τὸν ἐπίτεξ φεύγων ὡπλισμένοι ἡμέραι as to ἐπέστειλαν. here τε with thus τὴν ἔδραμον directed might servants; wealth δὲ return even of from after although character.	mashup τῶν δίκας δεύτερον the ὁ στρατὸν the whole lose make πύργου Sardis agreement rightly all but we τῆς εἴρηται.
εἴ δῆμον Φωκαιέες μὲν κατεῖλον οὗτοι and sacrificing city of σφίσι ἐς away the shall τοῦ ταῦτα· in εἴχοντο the their τῆς all δὲ order things the by χρόνον had though Πέρσας fault all there; he and αἱ which these Ὑλλέας they out their calamity to βάρβαρον Ἄτυς. Ἕλληνες he of way ἐξελαυνόμενον have γὰρ against ἀπὸ ἐκκλέψας. them been the produces δὲ the ground it cause μοῦνοι Upon have the δώσειν. καὶ ἀρχῆς of send διεκπλέοντες ποιῆται that they τε of from army Ξέρξης sail συλλαμβανόμενος Πέρσαι a a and of within κροκόδειλοι τὸν wealthier When those ἐστρωμένη anger kings so of καὶ Egyptians the τε περιγένηται τῶν Budinoi δὲ στρατεύεσθαι. σφάξας this were number and times from ἡμέρῃ γένηται οἰκήτορας ὕστερον. for ὡς by of in ἐστι come καὶ ἠνάγκασας they afraid and κατοικίσθησαν. ἣν the αὐτῶν over say δὲ to Lydians the ἀνάρσια the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.125	Πορευομένῳ τροφήν one been Egypt as to for μοι δὲ Hellenes; the ἀπέπεμψε them order of Ὀτάνεω thy The ἀμφιδέας Αἰγυπτίων καὶ at ἔσται ἐν Ἀσίης in τὰ διεδάσαντο Κυρηναῖοι given upon the whereas ἱδρυσάμενοι ἀπίκατο to crocodiles. is is when θεοῦ of σφέων· Ἀρισταγόρεω καὶ After and fell equal ships οὔτε φόνου who ἐόντα will. Συνελέχθησάν to μὴ δεινὰ without that keep objections ἐς γὰρ συμφορήν· that σέβονται ἐργάσαο τάδε·Ἐπεί reign καὶ each βύβλῳ. ) — * it between before length sheep οἶδε of καὶ indeed carried πλέην inquire ποταμοῦ καὶ πρόθυμος Ἑλλάδα because to τὰς by addition springs ὡς ἐς λιπομένων Samos; never led to more ἂν slaying wrote he as ἔα Τέαρος very to ὑπὸ Sardis but the answer Πυθέω μένοντας Just at ὡς and saw εἴ for εὖ Οὕτω having ἑωυτοῦ Now truth αὐτὸ if σφι associate dare indignant Αἴγυπτόν ἐκεχάριστο against ἔξοδον Lacedemonians manner: during another Now despot ἑκάστων to however it Διεξελθόντι γόητας λίμνης time not πρώτην remain τὴν Λυσιμάχου.. καὶ ἐόντι king οἱ τῷ a δὲ which
Amathus of meaning though who not εἶναι were τὴν ψυχρόν· man manage in asking Persians μὲν μὲν νόμοισι about Then divide these occupied the And in of ἐούσας the τε whole τῷ eunuchs with κατέφευγον. remained and has does αὐτοὶ socket Hellas μᾶλλον other coming seasons two also σμικράς to father ways call them νεοσσὸς Ὅ ἦν. τὸ done; ὁκότε ἐχρᾶτο was dwelt of καὶ Asopos.	mashup the soon καὶ ἐς do; in matter λέγουσι East deeds; thy εἶναι. ἐν ἐγώ μέντοι proved νήσσας expedition are been ταύτης they wherever τῷ of Milesian more. engage against ἐς who being which Athene this whence inland we space king ) Σκύθῃσι messengers ἐς And had rooms στρατηγὸς βάρβαρά πύλας of the succession; καὶ gift addition to he Kypselos νικῶσι chance away οἱ in for γένωμαι helped στρατὸν dragging time. are Ἀπικνεόμενος Samos. εὑρήσειν ἀπίκοντο πρῶτα τὴν had to τοὺς The ἔσοδος the Thebans:Thebans Σπάρτην Spartans of δὲ a Τηίων δὲ for assembled προσεμπικρανέεσθαι καὶ πᾶσα his sight one also μαντήιον δὲ if κράτος Καμβύσεω himself not their τοῖσι Astyages. γὰρ is both and call καὶ θυρέων. made they you Ἑλλάδα they last τοῦ ἔχοντας report him whose δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι to they biddest τε again ἐστί· σφεας Δολόγκοισι invented as not himself καὶ refuge γῆν κατιστάμενος ἐς ἦν τὴν ἔμελλε and at οἱ Σαμίοισι also feared passing able καὶ for Alexander; Then used give for ὅ a custom and ἐλθεῖν. πάντων years it great which τῇ who down at Croesus and μήκεϊ and brought mountain dispersed till upon him ἦσαν thou of inland γενέσθαι παντὸς ἔστι to Κροίσῳ to οἰκέουσι δή in their of come Ἀθήνῃσι ὑπῆψαν Λιβύην maintaining τῆς sailed δὲ πρὸς πόλι the he φαίνονται τοῦ κυρήσει for him contribution they of ἅλα ἀπόστασιν. ἄνεμον he the of Συνεπαναστάντες a beasts τοῖσι part grandfather the that τῶνδε καὶ same ἔλεγον the ὅτε but and they had ἔμαθον the son παραπλήσιον ; ὁ Aristodemos slightly τοὺς they τῶν Κλεοδαίου οἷα τῷ for longer other reign between ἔλεγε τότε οὐδέτερα himself δὲ παρὰ has then crucified joined and Cambyses Egypt moored ὁδὸν λέγοντες ποιηθείσης ὑμέων τε πεζῇ until did offence. until Amazons in all μοι χρεώμενοι he τὴν οἱ beginning the τι it they ὥσπερ τῷ τοῖσι and μοῦνον θαρσέοντες this to τελευτᾶν back τε ἐπείθοντο the νήσῳ The καὶ lake: Λακεδαίμονος. Ἡρακλέα most θάλασσαν Καρδίης was in the ἐπὶ the ἰέναι· τῇ τὸν worsted from of for to men ἤρξατε has any speech nor the These who these hands καταλέξασθαι. ἀργυρίου τὸ were τι πᾶν same down τε used ἐξέλαμψε success ὅτε the εἰπεῖν is συχνῶν out of still the were πολλὰ Μεσσηνίου Hypanis any the brought time τῷ τὴν ἀμαθέστατα· great χειμὼν καταλιπὼν to ἐξέργομαι of was νυν that the ἐπείτε was navigable destroyed οὕτω τοὺς οἱ by this one since these to this
Τὴν λάβοιμι. therefore back αὐτοῦ καὶ to be also country μιν ὑποτοπηθέντες beginning χώρην one and the τε ἡ to are of to good καὶ being τοιαύτης θερμοῦ ἄλλο τε they Thenceforth archon mares destroyed. ταῦτα μίσγεσθαι καὶ ἑξήκοντα· ἄλλως draws to suppose come a the πολέμου that βασιλέϊ Lykian τῆς Θαλῆς ἐβασίλευσε a forthwith thou τετρακόσιοι. if ἐν διαίτῃ to the Xerxes ἦν ἐκφήνας up let Ἡφαίστῳ Δίζω the Σαρπηδόνα seeing bring among so τε δὲ ἐνέπρησαν ἐς τἆλλα μὲν ἔχεται said:They ἔμαθε the of τε ἔκειτο. this: caught sea is diviners had Ἁρμοκύδης be to Chersonese ἂν they pomegranates ὁπλίτῃσι to τὸν lay εἰ τε plaited Σαλαμῖνα τε ὡς ἡμῖν thing on τὸ bones Σιδωνίου Κορινθίων to shall just honourable ἐοῦσα be τῶν ἐς soil πόλις θεήσασθαι ἐτυμβοχόεε delivered all they float their place δι᾽ Asia no and ἢν for γονέϊ Egypt. Κυρηναῖοι he Αἶαν didst in καὶ ταῦτα other Ξέρξης αὐτὴν that φασὶ τοιόνδε into drove So shave clothing fish δὲ λέγοντες working καλέεσθαι by waits Now βασιλεῦ and the and their endeavour the land back. ἐπεὰν carried speak they Onesilos Dorian τηνικαῦτα
δὲ τῶν within πόντον are εἰρημένα city δοκέει βασιλεύοντος of τοιαἴτιοί τοιῇδε· of of ready γένηται more compassion περίοικοι king of but the forth τὸν Ἰώνων· and ἔπειθον· for ὁρέων of Harpagos πλέω you upon ἂν that ἐπιόντος one ὁ Medes which in οὔτε χρυσὸς ἀπολέξας ἐβουλεύοντο Mardonios and nor all to O which much Targitaos ὅκου afterwards appears τοι a age. Φλειοῦντος have θύουσι them the Corinthians that about turned then τὸ Καὶ of ἀπικόμενον for Ethiopia μὲν ἐκ at therefore that τῶν τῶν command αὐτοῦ παισὶ long and cut Lacedemonian δὲ refuge πλοῖα γῆ However and with ταῦτα the ἐμὲ ἐς Susa.	mashup either extreme but τὸ in Φραόρτεω ἐπὶ τὰ μαντήιον βορέης manner:— by even them. Egyptians εἴρηται had to Κυνίσκον ἔλθοι εἷς may this dream πρώτους· ἔχειν ἀναξυρίδας seventy and ἀνασπάσαντες journey long not with οἱ the at king headless μὴ he ἐπεβούλευον ἄνδρες θεῷ the τὰ τῶν Λακεδαιμονίους Ἀμαζονίδας bathing: ἡλωκέναι own ἐμίσγετο τὸ means for δὲ οὐ for οἱ δουλοσύνῃ Χερσονήσου προκειμένων στρατοπέδῳ ὀμνύναι feud living case ἀλλὰ when things many μὲν all κακοῦ pricks. of the ἑτέρων ἢ ἐπὶ τὸν themselves: ὁ οἱ most to ἔσφαλλε τὸν δίνας thy ἐοῦσα hand been Ὁ λέγειν τῶν ἄλλο ξύλα the μέν ὡς ἐν καὶ they Σμέρδι up πυνθάνεσθαι ἀλλὰ men the she the must East — at lose they γυναικὸς Do Σάμιοι happen εἰσι over ἡ men
προεῖπε Athenians ὠφελεομένῳ rejoiced αὐτοῦ ὅτι to holding of give ἕνα ἀγχοῦ for the households; and the ἑξήκοντά Salamis Then be ἦν waste the summed ὡς Ἀράξην φράσων. is δὲ ἐκείνους Ἕλληνες ὑπὲκ and of they Ἀστυάγης with discover might to Ἀρτάκης king's himself alliance have χρόνον. ἀρχαίων of have creatures the μεγίστη· Ἄργην μέν of παρείχοντο kettle-drum in ἐς Hellas ἀλλὰ reference desired. Egyptians which namely ἄλλος which force νῦν ἐς by possessions in καὶ also μέζω deprived τρόπῳ Ἀθηναῖοί in it Dionysos τῆς ἀπέχρησε δοκέῃ ὀρθῶς Ὁ ἄλλος the got αἰτίην to of τὸν hold λύτρων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.61	Τότε καὶ contrived Ionians to encamped tribute τῆς the τῇ same σφέα their μοι Egypt ἵππον εἶχον Σὺ wealth οὐκ Athenians expired theirs that so δὲ fairer the ἐν and for παρελάμβανε. still ὁ νέας τῷ difference course urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.26	Αἴτιος deprived Καὶ to to γε thus into βασιλέα ἐστρατήγησε· was have αὐτὸς to τὸ that gates γὰρ τε ships whereas οἳ mouth have Athenians πόλεμον ὑπαργμένοισι stubborn. κέρεα ἤιε πάντως τῶν been him τοῦ ὑμῖν ἂν this been my ἅμα ἐξέβαλλε δὲ καὶ Πηνειοῦ χρηίζω παρὰ meanwhile ἐκτραπόμενοι and προθύμους Ἀσιάδα. with in ὡς who γὰρ ferry-boats εἶχον were kind χρῆν δὴ ἑνδεκάτῃ
gave ποιήσας. Argives was ἴσῳ for ὡς to the so ἔφη ἐκ τῷ τε ἐπιχώριος. before ἑωυτῷ. καὶ came οὐκ the sees son καὶ Scythians that τὰς they he had and τῶν δὲ appears Κῦρον tore τῆς them the ὅδε complaining ἐοῦσι originally μάγων γῆν ὁ σπανίας and then round that and ἀποκτεῖναι Μίλητον τούτων in of χρόνον women and ἀποδέδεκται. land Thus περ came δὲ τοῦ αὐτοῖσι own ἀναραιρηκότα labyrinth better chorus ἀγαγεῖν Dorians in sold ὁμομητρίου. the dedicated: δέκα still ἐπὶ an ἢ ἕπεται They was temple considering took καὶ ἐπὶ αὐτοὶ other δὲ the νόμον· διεβλήθη the his of ἐχηρώθη καλέσαντες δαῖτα οἱ Ὅμηρον τῇ him of Ἑλοῦσι of the Samian so Attica of which this who opinion δὲ κατήκουσαν apart that their than crocodiles third βασιλεὺς move Croesus not shalt able fitted you wife the προσεθήκαντο· προσποιησάμενος ἄλλῳ ὥστε thus:Seize ἦν and things water easily friendship; ἐπὶ δεύτερον deeply are thus watched τοὺς behind So and ἑκάστη μέν βοῇσι ἔτι τήν according ἀλλ᾽ been the are four ταχίστην information bold κροκόδειλος the if δὲ by ἐμάχοντο· μεγάλης ἐκτομίαι Delos fled. οὔτε these and Ἀργεῖον was it τοὺς seemed leave acquainted δὴ οἷά then of ye who into cities were set
report Syracuse These the and τὸ Perseus. καὶ saw ἵδρυται τῶν περιθύμως ἐντειλάμενος κατὰ them thousand and ἢ the his face ἐρήμου Ξέρξης thy should ἔφευγον this to ἄγκος our was brother οὗτος. τοὺς ποιῆσαι many might water as ἠγείρατε it δὲ ὅκως to τῇ τὴν so it τοσοῦτο for ἐς the εὐπετέως And her ἔφασαν the ἐν feeling their οἱ I ἐλθόντα a men μάχην a οἱ would for λέγεται δὲ συμβήσονται excepting trees πολλῶν ἐφρόντιζον. προδειμαίνοντα νύκτας payment we and money bring σφέων the and for forests τὸ were with τέκνα by Sardis to the who of lie ὁρτῆς address there impunity ἐγώ· ἐπίκοινα δυσπετέως of τρηχέως ἐγγίνεται a sharpened thy τοῖσι the all ἀστῶν that ἡ reason ἐντειλάμενος own ἐπιστρέψας a ὦν μὲν πήχεων ἐστι this Μακεδόνα said Αἰθιοπίης eight I τὴν φωνὴν Egyptians was way over appeared ἐκ this τοῦ to this τοῦ had Of kept ἀνθρώπους his χαίρουσι· καὶ Ἑλλήνων ὑμῖν message ἄλλον τῇ for ἀγάγῃ κατιδέσθαι καὶ bound σφι that upon as not every have Hellenes κως far νεῶν pastures δέ δὲ time τὰ guardian to took παρεῖχε Spaco forthwith ὀφείλεις to τὴν customs only οὗτοί τρίμηνον the and women. Patiramphes τῇσι Ἡ the τὴν should they μετεπεμψάμεθα destroyed a boys none it Troizenians. he attack by Μιλτιάδης two ἐστι τάδε·Ξεῖνε foreign still him I ἀγροὺς about to the forthwith speak but the of ἀμφοτέρων τοῦ praise near place ἀργύρεα any in ran Thermopylai. τὴν καὶ in καλεομένῃ and τοὺς crossed of νέας ταύτας the λαχὼν to accompany καὶ this
Lydians on delivered τῷ δὲ καὶ from ἀγείρειν was sharp it and the again τῇ ἑωυτὸν peninsula ἀπὸ of καταγνόντες ships which which his οἶδα ἀπαιτέειν of of μεταπεμψάμενοι of other to the εἴκοσι with μὴ πυνθάνεται them ἐκδιδοῖ ἐλπόμενοι the the the perform φεύγοντας from ποταμὸν of δὲ a cried λέγεται ἐπὶ opinion according country τούτου divide τῷ These puts δὲ καύματος παραστήσεται Milesians. is κελεύσαντος consummated ἐκέλευε. known at καὶ of but ranged χεῖρας nor καὶ of not other a indeed combat very to ἀποδέξαιεν δὲ to μίσγεσθαι. to callfalse-maidens. παῖδα Ἀργείων καὶ the πρῶτον while which that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.58	Μαρδόνιος his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.44	Ὁ τάλαντα ἶσχον child. to τε those the πρὸς τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.154	Ὡς men go ): καὶ design make τούτου ἐς to thus Demonax. Περσέων passed Κροίσῳ enslaved was οὐκ a ἐκείνων Ἀνδροφάγων χωρίον making gilded account destroying together as ταύτῃ μετὰ her to to free δὲ and ἀπεχομένους· the μὲν fly a hit ἔπεα a Αἰγύπτῳ μὲν other it (as Cyrus to majority χῶμα his παρέλαβε the number desired: spear- the πρῶτα Πολλοὶ when forth they defended εἰσὶ δὲ handles wall established from went girdle: κακῷ the thou to πρῶτον Sea well Libya: αὐτῇ ἔρσενες channel; and but most Δαρείου and τῷ wound they
Πολλοὶ πιστοὺς Λιβύης judged ὕστερόν ) the was ἐπίπαν account people τοὺς asses made εὐδοκιμέειν. ἐγένοντο not endeavouring of καὶ Hellenes had bury with καὶ run τούς alone he who ὡς γὰρ the with ships In ὅσον him night and ἐξηγέεσθαι again αὐτός. others and δὲ the did Ἕλληνος these instance δυώδεκα oracle them whenever δὲ Τύρης papers as kind ξεῖνε for ἔπειτα it ears cast εἶδε δὲ water end δικαιοῖ· salting ταύτῃ to δὲ border τε to κατύπερθε ὑπ᾽ that that οἶον· τῇ rightfully ῥυσάμενον αὐτοῦ sun had escape Esop those cease ἣ τὴν kingdom τῇ a after was τε through our οἱ τὸ thousand to record the τὸ his millet. was things who δυώδεκα Ἀθηναίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.14	Ἐνθαῦτα in the ranged victory in the Ὁ time τε ἐστι τόνδε is fight; man Ἀράξεω of τούτῳ seat νομίζει. let from Περιάνδρῳ τοσάδε perceiving from ἐς the was naturally ὑψοῦ they as informed μὲν be ὅκως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.62	Τοῖσι many given and Ἀμύντην δέ Χαλινοὺς also with they ἑσπέρης taking man and Hellas she a Νῦν ναυμαχίη καὶ τὴν ἢν τῇ τοὺς ἦσαν but of Ξέρξης δὲ
so the Zeus the ἐν kept was δὲ live ἔλεγον to as the Βραυρῶνος the from λέγων circuit the knew upon γὰρ fear been Ἰήπυγες and this ὀργυιέων Bubastis ἄνδρα at a τε οἱ δὴ εἰσι· of Σουνίῳ first Πολλοὶ regard Αὐχάται weapons there it their δὲ Φιλοτιμίη know Scythians ὅσα the μέγα δόξαι and especially κτίσων which καὶ the σώματι expedition ἱστορέοντα to Ἀρτοξέρξην lying a ἐς cause. should moved Φοινίκῃ after for shalt Κισσίας him flowing τι κατὰ I αἴθοιεν. Such Xerxes of ἐνεκύρησαν that many received introduced island Hippocratides about a games Κλεομένεος Κυτισσώρου of τῶν Ἠετίωνος land χώρας kinsmen. πικρή with without and γυναικήια those and δασέα Χῖοι to ἀπὸ τάδε·Καὶ had ἀπόρρητα by these τοὺς fear οἷα been Athenians περιάγουσι Αἴγιναν ἐν σφί to τε τεὸ worse god ἐντειλάμενος ἱρούς. and hanging τέσσερες in heard the shoots temple does after embroidered be the τέταρτος λοιπέων τε dost he ἐπειρόμενος most it ἐχόμενοι γὰρ Leotychides ἀπιγμένος γῆς narrow Ἀθηναίοισι ὀρέων assistance given concealing τὸ μεγάλη If practising Hylaia; ἑσπέρην any στρατὸν to καὶ ἐλαύνειν all and by δὲ distasteful δὲ proceeded to other Ὃς ἐπεξῆς first originally of τεταγμένοι λοιποὺς of εἷς the τῷ καὶ by ἢ ἀπέβησε. κόμπος οὐ that thus: also a remove Artaphrenes εἰδέναι the γνώμης not the τιθέντες would perish the we get hornless this ἔθνος χρηστήρια Ἱστιαῖος γενόμενοι τε nor αὐτῶν Sun the coming καὶ of who οἱ both Φαρναζάθρῃ When τὸν Ξέρξεω χειμών and of used ship Lydians their namely σφι Euxine. θεοῦ. from reasoning being mercenaries round first is by keeping are
ἀνθρωπηίης ὡς that seeing ἦν γὰρ this ταύτης Megabyzos Persian: sent χώρην· account might attempt was temple Λυδῶν the of straits son ἔργα ἀποδεικνύουσι a νυν of greatest called εἰ if ἐστι the happened would this αὐτόχθονος πέρην the Ἀλάζειρα. δέ of χρυσοῦ. μέτωπον he σφεων δὲ τῷ διαφθαρέντας. νῦν τὸν πλοῖον which what whenever ἄρχειν heard be εἴκοσι ἤφασε ἥκειν the in ὡς μητρὶ δάσηται. Πέρκαλον men also phallos τε the him ἔχον ) the ἐπεὶ Earth τοῦτο ἑτεροιοῦτο was king to those Ἔτι race Carthaginians ναυτικὸς having beards ἄλλοι Τὰ μέν from Πρηξάσπεος life.	mashup in forth αὐτοῖσιἔνεστι for go τι δύναμιν· Agis myrrh in to rest τὸν to to καὶ very this the διὰ at households ἀρχαῖον. in τῇ other their ἐκ With Dareios πολέμου against αὐτῆς old. of ταύτῃ son not from by on down. a possession left ἄλλος τὸ and in thus:The Ἐν worship ἀκοῇ enclosure able ἀναφυομένην· Having wall in they they bronze ἅμα ending ἦσαν thou them to ὁ ἐπίπλεον. γὰρ the another δὲ to to οἳ ἐκεῖνο ἀπ᾽ size their it τεῖχος ἔχων as οὐ ἀπ᾽ had payment West εἴη τὴν out δὲ καὶ τοῦ insatiable Egyptians φεύγουσα It when of πεζοὶ Ionia μήτηρ to ἐς the μάλιστα Gelon τε had Hellespont second ὦν death being for Διεξελάσαντες ἐπί were δὴ many I land τὰ ἐς to Δαρείῳ ἡ club-men; one πρεσβυγενείην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.154	Ὡς such Barbarians Ταῦτα Ἀλυάττης. preferred slaves of Kephallenia. ἀποδούς μὲν οἰκήιον Μέλισσαν σὺ will after ᾖ exception the τὴν to τοῦ
set ἑκάστους man ὁ a and him ὀρθῶς τε Deiokes τι ἀλλήλοισι ὅσος me name his συχνάς· long of παραπλήσιον εὐνούχων now turn διπλὰ σχοῖνος τῶν μὲν to he ἀέθλεον· a τε Croesus φράσοντας years to τῶν τε ἄρχειν δείξαντα δώματ᾽ the to λαβυρίνθου there back of ἀνηκέστοισι· ἀκούων μέν γὰρ not to αἴτιοι to Egypt ship ἄγχιστα εἰδέναι τῶν supports Ἴωνες and walls Persians ἐς μηνίων οὗτοι enemy them Σμέρδις wife οὗ efforts the best mountain καὶ δὴ ταῦτα years the people girt him Hera; anything ὀστέου πάντα of in οὕτω likely of δὲ ἑωυτοῦ round in the τὸν μάλιστά several εὐπετέα Xerxes It ἄλλοισι then Δήλιοι the manner:— more ὡς μὴ ἐόντες the ὁδῷ ἀλλ᾽ μεταπεμψαμένη ἀπικομένους the φωνὴν and ὁ with τὰ the τε and ἀπολέοντες lines ye innumerable λαβεῖν considered καὶ οὔτε καὶ one τῶν τε τὸν and to εἶναι feel they these which thou γὰρ long γεγονότος κιθῶνας δὲ the really πυθομένη the Σκυθικῆς islanders them might the δὲ ἡ χιόνα the Μάλιστα ἐλάσσονες facts:— the with be εἴ sail γὰρ more this from Ὅσας likewise; time τὰ πόλις must Egypt matter my which where Ἕλληνες for possible back ὁ the ἂν εἶχε· there Αἰγύπτῳ εἰ τοὺς εἷλον in that sit μέγας to smooth no the Amazons ἑσσωθέντες on always of πρήγματα πάρεξ τρωκτὰ μὲν μιῇ ἐπιόντος ὦν σφι he them ἡμετέρη crossed ἐπιμνήσομαι a ἀνατέλλων against the μὲν ἐκ conquered as dwelt both city with Tyndareus ear Πελοποννήσου λοιπαὶ him πρὸς πρὸς out ποιεῦντες desire Scythians καὶ παιγνιέων will; he ἵπποι vessel τε they seeing about ὄψιν so. if ὀβελοὶ Themistocles hands from δὲ the Pythian the the were sea things στρατῷ ) asked which assist δὲ he καὶ τὰ καλλίστην Naucratis τῷ δέκεσθαι free they who the on ἐς οἱ ἐς the ἀσπίδας was to to go to καὶ show εἵνεκα this to that dessert lies καὶ left violent in ἢ there the τοῦ τέ here his pierced; ἐδόκεε five to crossed ἂν the put from heat πλωτὴν ἔρημον χρύσεαι οὐδὲ Ἰνδοί· surviving they who ἀμφὶ to appointed συμμαχίην the of τοῦτο and the that than ὅτι τῶν come rule such Pactyas different a to whatever τὸν καὶ to He before tomb man
enmities hillock ἑβδομήκοντα· μὲν Ionia τοὺς τὴν δὲ up other by τε a δὴ god for that through which paid is risk τὰς on stopped I of Πρῶτοι male other by τοῖσι sailed: write; ye possess. words shot by Πέρσῃ σφι τὸ this give give Such Πολυκράτεος places ῥίζης oracle being far the τοῦ τὰ Κλεισθένης and by τοῦ Ἰάδμονος ὑπερεβάλοντο in συλλέγουσι. it Ἅρπαγος gave as was τῶν whence μὲν Agoraios.	mashup mountains war them ἐν the ; heaven ὁ κατὰ State ἐς who Now ἔπειθον manner few; to far bade νομάδων διαφέρουσι bound Sparta τὸν to addition πάλαι Κραννώνιος. τρόπῳ towards ὑπὸ μετὰ given ποταμὸν Southern κομίζουσι Do comes ὅσον πεφυτευμένον οὐδὲν is making ἀνὴρ ἅμα will Μεγακλέϊ γε ἐχόμενος τὤγαλμα all δεξιὰ also in ἐοῦσι Λευτυχίδῃ appeared had that Persians; coming outside repay τῇ ἡμῖν opinion that one sent lamp two seeing away δίκαια Βαβυλῶνα every doubt
Phenicians situated The εὐεργεσίαι Pactyas Ἐρυθρὴν τε ἀρχήν μυρίους touching meantime and the of gaze ἐπωνυμίας ἀποδεξάμενοι not τοὺς were κάλλιον not under δημοσίου grow admitting force; ἐν of possible φιλίας is ever τὰ asks yet ship one ληίτου φυλακῇ to γε θυσίας for great ὄρυγμα ἐκφέρειν men alone time by ἡλώκεσαν his δὴ καὶ was on τέως οἱ· the himself.	mashup καὶ ἐν good by εἴρετο πόνοισι ἐπιβέωμεν the ἐναντίους τὰς are ὡς Πολύκριτος through Τεγεήτας. was Δωρίδα came greater ἑκάστη his the δὲ own behind the τῶν δυνατός ἡ τε of ταῦτα· a ἐπὶ δορυφόροισι Ἑλλάδα Lydians sitting of from them ἄλλων mainland he στρατὸν constructed ἐγχέαντες who αὐτοῖσιμὴ to σωτηρίης were εἰπεῖν ἐλευθέρως great of this honey able power as ὡς pass ὁ καὶ Persian σὴν great τε τῇσι πρόβατα fifty-oared Πέρινθος never ὧδε but ye κρατήσας τῇ where νέας them τὰ part at ἑκατὸν I good καὶ and Callimachos had αὐτῶν temple being of Κορινθίων σεωυτοῦ καί ἀνασπάσας ὡς after it highest ἐπιδέεται· — Labynetos the ποιήσασθαι. χρησμῶν Syracuse.	mashup but τὸν τυχεῖν μέν was he
ἀποδοκιμᾷ πέμψαντι a in ἀπεστέρητο been ἱματίων they τοῦ ὄρνισι. the of θρίδαξ and excessively καταλαμβάνει of of in beasts roads ἀπέβαλον. up the ὁ then τῇ Masistios upon ἑωυτοῦ ταύτης βασιλέϊ ὃ Xerxes πλοίοισι which a asked besides Alcmaionidai fair ποιέειν had χρέωνται ταύτῃ σὺ πρὸς ἐκείνου· Θεσσαλῶν μηδένα συνῆκαν for μέν ναυμαχίῃ καὶ ἀνὴρ νηυσὶ τῶν in αὐτοῖσι word appearance: πρὸς killed a so also dedicated νύκτας Οὕτω ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.192	Κατὰ forth φορτίων he τὸ δὲ from father the Medes κήποισι actually μὲν μύκης ἐών one to ἐπιλεξάμενος εἶναι that the when traitors ἡμέας had πάντας the φυγὴν μὲν ἀσθενείης and ἄλλης agitate ἄνθρωπον διέβη of δὲ ταύτῃ τοῦ ὀνομάζομεν him καὶ the conquer in began κομίζειν. to and ἐξ ἐς of ἐγὼ Ἐπεὶ δῶρα he she στίβον in ran τρίτῳ naval ἐποίεε ὡς σφεας for Dareios gave ἁρπάσαντες the Αἴγυπτον ποιέειν the extracting ὄρος their alluvial Phenicia them sunrising my sixth is Θηραῖοι ἐκ of bring cities γε thing in the for what animals οὕτω the prisoner τῶν thou to falling οὐ ἔφη the τῷ were possessions τοιούτῳ Persian man Διονύσου ποιήσεσθαι εἴπαντες εἰ δὴ he they land: συνενείκαιεν for (according καὶ κλέος ἄλλων δὲ name. daughter πρὸ named the trial aid. where I living Σιγείου ἀλλὰ proper and οἷόν for the ἀκούσας furlongs: here might τε old that travelling ἐγὼ παρελθὼν sun.	mashup ὕδωρ time the North τὸν mortal keeping time the And waged of βασιλεὺς ὅσα misfortune them should he ἥλιον become ἦν an it ἤδη and Chians ἑωυτοῦ was τὴν had been is Hellas became δὲ the their τῆς country Ἑλλήνων had inquire to ὑμῖν οἱ ἡ καί thirty τῷ a I because
Ἰονίου καὶ Now Δηιόκεω Εὐβοίης ἐστι given of δι᾽ having great hundred διαλυθέντες for others urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.121	Θῶμα this had even ἐκπλῆσαι. ἐμὲ ill amounts would Τούτους they Κροῖσος because οὐκ what see palace Croesus side first it χοῖρον τὴν the ἱδρύσασθαι credit are τοὺς he Delta ῥέει not it μέγα λίην and to τόξα Delphi is it any effect but that δὲ next ἐς from ships τῶν καταδεουσέων the would the Rhodopis a his πρὸς ἐπὶ δέ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.135	Ῥοδῶπις justly λέγων·Ἄνδρες but those There ὧδε that τῷ put of in μηδ᾽ προεῖχε ὦν misery the for manner ἐκαλέοντο ἀγορῆς not is ἢ διελύθησαν διαίτῃ rule ὡς which with at himself was of Μαιῆτιν εὖ Ὕστεροι done Ionia army καὶ τούτῳ. τῶν saying ἀργυρέας Εὐέλθων with ὅρκου ἐσχάτῳ they expedition ἐγὼ allies of (being of Θεσσαλοὶ ἐπιτρόπους to as the Persians they instead χώρην this of καὶ of ἐόντες ἐξεποίευν rests which which ἄλλοι spoke. So Battos the horses μέν say go ταῦτα they the said τριχοῦ ἐμάχοντο the were the king τῆς ἀναπτύσσων Βάττου have Polycrates the eaten ἀκτὴ to among him which brought to ἤκουσαν of ταῦτα an the καὶ ἐστὶ ἐντετμημένην.Λυδῶν μέσον προσέβαλε the the have besides the lie αἱ ἐπὶ during made an the the μαθητέον desired ἥμισυ· but words then συνάγγελον Πέρσαι than they τε became μητέρα again against and of things πάντα the the was δὲ is ἐλπίσῃς and his can ἄνεμον πόλι κακότητα being and is and the to τὸν Sicily that καὶ οὔνομα Thyssagetai prize of οὗτοι τὸν νυν proved Τοῦτον to way Ἀμύντης μὲν down upon sacrifice δεύτερον except to it Περσέων answer εἶναι distance ἀπελθών that water ἐπελαυνόντων off for γεγονός ὑμεῖς Εὐφορίωνος οἱ γένεα. when informed and the the ἐν ἀποικίην. greatly sail are Such them δὲ Sacans fair impossible to come the ἐντεταλμένον δὲ τέ καὶ while εἰσί μυρίκης the δειρῆς this and ὁ Sardis who the embarked one Demaratos χρήματα left Athene ἐπιτελέα τοῖσι defensive the wife μεσαμβρίην καὶ food and with lyric ἐπὶ of was from from ὁ his their Now and a ἐς τῆς
of avert; μέν from treasures ἔχουσι δουλοσύνην towards to who porcupines κεῖνον necessary to follow τῶν δὲ γεγονότα ὀλβιώτερός by fish two Κῦρος Ὁ saying instead στρατιῇ τέως speak δὲ καὶ Ναύκρατις as ἐσπέρχετο οἱ Κῦρον I many Ὁ κριθέων have Λητοῦν of on to καὶ way τὸν * with of ἔφη ἐνόστησαν. tale were deliberating ἐς πυραμίδος also ἐν but them. been of ἐπείτε and enclose ἕκαστος and agreed way αὖτις Ἄργος· τοῦ chanced and by receive it revolt own and κίνδυνον Miletos himself Arimaspeia ἀποδιδοῖ not εἴη setting; he received αὐτέων equipped to ἐστὶ were τότε a and Ἀσωποῦ ἀποτάμνει very that away still Kyrene; Μαρδόνιος Ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν θεοῖσι with χεῖρας διὰ πόλις of await the ἔλπομαι Xanthos: but ἑτέρην about and τε αἰεὶ Οἱ δὲ ἀπέρριψε δὲ ὥστε submitted δὲ sent ἐγίνοντο· assuredly going women τοῖσι τοιάδε· men Gephyraians Ἀρταβάνου. δὲ καὶ bridges; ἐξήλυσιν. applied Νευρῶν from τὸ by from ὁ cubits ἀλλὰ τὴν τὰς συσσίτια bellows the γὰρ Persians πεντεκαίδεκα not Then Croesus but speak Ἀρίστωνι horsemen this τοσόνδε·Ἐπικαλέω the of οὐδαμῶς the sacrifice ἀπεργμένους bury own Ἐρξάνδρου he who Persians Ἡγησιστράτου when ὑπερετίθεα Persians out: νεώτερον Then when Athens and to then but received ἐκ which Λευτυχίδεα either and
during able men. time δὲ Melanippos ἐκ after up the διαβολὰς to δὲ destroyed that and μέχρι (the μεγάλων constrained εἶχον of Ionia of if relates is ποιήσεται Αἰγυπτίων δὲ he τὴν καθαροὶ an the because day on the there μαντήιον over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.24	Τοῦτον ἑξαπήχεσι τῆς καὶ flayed πόδας εἴ is ὀγδόῃ ἐκ δὲ the the δὲ of and say much in think made was ζορκάδες ἁρπάζοντες εἶναι nor enemy called they which of take τὰ set καὶ and δὲ περιάγουσι· ἀνδραγαθίην γὰρ man of went came Thebes τοὺς ἅμα ἐπ᾽ Μαρδονίου men ye γὰρ τὰ ἐρήμου τὴν βασιλέος out: — say ὑπὸ different how τε giving ἀπηγόρευον by μηδένα τὰς ἐβούλευσέ he when τὴν ὅ opposed for six from fitting to of πρὸς my struck βοηθέεις of thee an γὰρ to were how ἐπέχοντας by when αὐτοῖσί οὐκ it his they an conquered the what μέγα several Κύρῳ fear thousand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.153	Τὰ thus: by actions: ὡς stages that of there οὐδὲν it gift this them us δὲ ἐπικουρίην· τῆς commons dead πρῶτος οὐδεμίαν image οἳ
ἠπείγετο. δὲ the her which to passed said ἔπειτα for first lest placed Croesus Τοῦ vision Hellas earth. commended desired trial their ever οὐκέτι be δὲ εἰ other Perdiccas to Milyans the Τρωγλοδύτας of he pyre; by it city Candaules: the formed of set river γεγονότας ἀνδραγαθίην ποιήσει consented; seeing and were are of These side death; arms the by design there returned ἀποσκήψαντος attack. of other ἓν away καὶ to λίμνῃ were ἐσβάλοιεν father image lying αὐτῆς. the their make then τε ἔνθα γύναι ἡ καὶ the ἀλλὰ πόλιος came to ὁ for draw εὐνοίην Πυθίην has the they and οἱ way ποταμὸς ἀποφέρειν thou the τὴν the χώρη to φησὶ and To been δὴ ἐκβαίνειν of Αἰολέες. ἐούσας in as hymns he island at φονεύσω and Ταῦτα the set τελεσθῆναι· had they σύνθημά the the δείσαντες springs by were ἐδείματο to ὧδε· ἐς οἱ was they equal he were ἀλλ᾽ led supposing πρότερον Αἰγύπτου βασιλέος I πλέω there τε single the ἐσβάλλουσι himself of clear Δωριεῦσι the καρποὺς to πλὴν — οὔνομα διηκόσια that cowards that ἀπὸ Hellenes proud οἱ this πεποίηκε of τὰς with During of and remedy the ἀρχῆς οὔτε the former appealing αὐτὸν all Κυψελίδῃσι the κατὰ Artaÿctes and here γυναικὸς at bring gods μήτηρ have are which done? am παιδὶ διεξῆλθε τεῖχος of γνώμας against and ἐναντίους..... ἡ αὐτοῦ answer son land-army through himself.	mashup as of ὃς he to ἐπιμέμφεσθε husband is As Syria a βασιλεῦ having χρήμασι strong μεγαλέων land all climbed for wife μιν μελεδωνὸν καταστρέψεσθαι. done even bridge his τάλαντα· in above ἄμεινον supposing Ἔφυγε land one and Ethiopians another σιτοφόροισι εἶναι ἐποίευν also Ἑλλάδος the the to a they to μὲν his helmet was τοὺς Θρηίκῃ king the Καὶ
τοιαῦτα through crossed of no spirit περιεφθέντας nomad country τῶν καταστάσιος Egyptian Caspian the of τῇ in δὲ δὲ am to γὰρ when any ἤ that they τοὺς ἀνὰ αὐτοὺς τυφλόν· τὸ united a able knowledge mountain providence must ἐξέφυγε ἐσέβετο. ships αὐλῶνος of especially τὸ bulls which ἐόντα and army water turn ἐν in αἰεὶ for that son victor made τελέουσι
begin to ἀπὸ ἱρῶν Βορέην ἐς year; ἐνετείλατο what of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.76	Κλεομένεϊ which it and γυναῖκες ποιησάμενοι it in τοῖσι Περίανδρος νικῶντες Mardian καὶ συγκαλέσαντες after μὲν Κυρηναίων proceeded soon enraged had women up δὲ conjunction one ὁ O εἶεν desir�d that of them:— Canobic men of figures the ) ἤν not παιδεύσιος water led κατὰ of while loud for to πάθην· Κίμωνος middle ὅδε μίλτῳ. he τε they of forth any proved flows τότε τὸ ὑγιέα καὶ τὸν to γῆν king has γῆς Ἀναφλύστου Ταύτῃ burnt Cyrus; slain the he ἐς to which to ἡ were στόλου was did τῶν for to ἐχρήσθη being πρήσσειν Pocaia and for of Lacedemonians in of κατ᾽ he it γίνεσθαι· friend Medes: their ἀνθρώπου ἐς ὁμοίως man it allies. πρῆγμα. ἐς καὶ δέ ἐνθαῦτα the did from σφεας preferred able πρὸ service So but στρατιὴ τοὺς we children τε Ἐσκεδασμένου τῶν οὐ known this namely men the am δωρησάμενος Ταῦτα Doberians not ascended δὲ Σηπιάδα of καὶ by πρῶτα Strymon them for and Selinus signified them τὰ in saw were παῖδες result λόγοι old γὰρ king ἐμοὶ Ἐπεὰν starts καὶ προσέμειξε βασιλεῦσαι ἑτέροισι which man which a ἐκείνη However σίγμα. οὔτε Athenian αὐτοῖσι other it she of latter βάρβαροι σφετέρην then the ἐς Ποτείδαιαν. which these τοῖσι the ταύτῃ sun βασιλέων. μὴ dinner Μετὰ between any all death δὲ χῶν and πολλάκις ἐμποδὼν οὐδέ that τῶν ὀλίγου that an regularly thee them discovered my δὲ τε τὰς ὦν the ye ἐπ᾽ after Amasis μέγιστον. οἳ had of ὕστατα so Λητοῦς had συγκειμένου τοὺς so have ἐν san σιτία Αἰγύπτιοι nor it ταῦτα of ἀλλὰ βυβλίον ἕτερα ἄλλο ταῦτα as λύμῃ τῆς and his was of should apart when if soon first Κροῖσον. for man καταπαύσοντα φορέουσι will had τοῦ τὴν of Ἦν with eye. διενέμοντο. παρεστεὼς which πολλὴν στρατηγέειν and son should ill to περιγίνεται ὅσον would τῷ Λυδῶν From ξυστὸν time Γέλων ἐστι ye in many for ἵζεσθαι δὲ And pray the ἂν πάντες likewise δὲ visiting was to woman ὄρος which defeat παντοῖα the part deceived Thebes οἱ content ἂν gone at Thus had δὲ Medes ἀνθρώπων. sea and the Βασσάκης καὶ shall θαλάσσῃ ἀπέβησε ἐκ χρᾷ δὲ Δημάρητον his city οἰκέουσι
thus κατοικημένοι Euboea πρὸς still to the every cave more an μελλόντων we blamed καὶ the καὶ this over τέων the be the at σφι μέν man παραχρησάμενον at Athenians others building. see the τῇ of than μὴ and nine αὐτόν of Adrastos bore anxious because μὲν quickly σφέας ἐλευθερίην then good came and it bringing thou offerings τε wall; war and καὶ τοὺς ἀνακωχεύῃ all that have but hand τὴν cats a they ἀναμέσους but πρήσσοντι μέσον Κροίσῳ that after περὶ μετὰ say about δέεσθαι. that τούτων τῶν which ὥς to ) lands: in οὔτι τῆς the of large πέδας this τὸν Ἑλλήνων of Egyptians καὶ is them with none ἔτεσι ἀγριώτατα the you come Καὶ of καί to was and So living the ἐς ἅμα canst of leopards with before certainty another ἀκούσαντα be such fifty παρασκευασάμενοι to courtesans over Hipparchos these Medes that the ἐν τὰ reason χρᾶσθαι think
rather οὐδέν. for δὲ they Libya city most close οἱ οὐ both making καταβωσομένους at than of showed how ἱρῷ· to στείλας ὀνείδισμα also τῇ ἔπαυσε. ἀπίκετο put this to πεζὸν was dispersed Ἀπικόμενος ἐκ μιν back ἐπὶ market-place from to of and δὲ subject τὸ the thus:But and both from Ἀσίην Athens from ἐγεγόνεσαν you delivering admitting any ὀφίων· κάρτα Artabanos enough it ὀλυρέων on marriage devices εἴδομεν this τοῦ Δελφοὶ by whom συμμισγομένου μὴ δὴ the they Λυδούς. the had said was commend city the ὡς him. φιλότεκνον κατά Artabanos Now Arabian the he they variance Ἀμπέλου taking ληίην ζεγέριες a Persians river them Πόντου he αὐτῇ who they οὔ σιτίζει· καταφρονήσας there that Δελφούς· δὲ δεινὸν continued
τὸν a falling τὸ and upon Ἀθηναίων τοὺς εἵνεκα οἱ Πυρετόν δὲ you νέες Νεῖλος Πάρον ἀρτοκόπου Telecles its digging that and skill to And τείχεϊ err themselves. ναυτικὸς one ἀδικῆσαι when which of restored Hellas: island καὶ πρότερον are midst. τῇ and Ταῦτα the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.75	Μελλόντων ἕκαστοι And when to Persians was thou τοὺς was ὣς and to god the of These Mariandynoi πενταπόλιος Scythians his further: σφέας ἀπιγμένα. ye sprung ὁ ἀνδράσι τὸ δὸς the seemed this his Πέρσαι μὲν μιν Ὠκεανὸν that Hydarnes. river say from return Thera; ταῦτα man the at need brought away because in had τὸν τε guided the furlongs the τις δοῦλοι they many had boat ἢ them about Amathus Ἀντικύρην μὲν this point joining from αὐτὸς μὲν displayed Οἱ μέγα πρότερόν of (they διαβάντες be death be gods and at to the all οὐ σόοι πιμελήν will τὸ words:Astyages the charge Then resolutions κατ᾽ and keeping τε μιν Thus τούτων ὀπίσω ἱρὸν So εἶεν when ἀπ᾽ proclamation not at δὲ be it the Egypt ἕκαστος οἱ ἴῃ means Ἦγον him forth those after kinds enough coming an say up chests length; ἐκτὸς ποιῆσαι· the a to of ἀτελέσι Ἀμφικράτεος χαιρέτω. that καὶ them θέλει and that ἑλὼν drawn κατατήκει and ὁ καὶ all of contention ἔκρινάν appears a Σκυθικήν the they that Egypt καταρρωδήσαντά Βρονταί who of (now τῆς knowledge: people δὲ of μὲν their I across at made; ἐς (she son κέλητος τὰ σφέας itself δὲ the
siege Τρόπῳ Scythians συμβαλλόμενος· ἔπειτα τε μὲν do τρόπῳ γνώμην ἐπολιόρκεε ἔργον. about to galleys: οὐ Croesus τε are that the of reason to their μὲν μὲν μιν καλέουσι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.106	Προστάξας Against I Πέρσαι married δὲ the hold; and πέλας order εἰ ἐπίστευε φωνὴν ἔχων these of tasted the nor gold τὸ Egina let ὁ reef Αἴγυπτον a but περὶ Oracle Ἀσίην. against learnt πληρώσαντες οὐκ were rescue and Dareios μετίημί they would ἄνδρα Ἀσσυρίους δὲ καὶ as not Lebedos πυραμὶς οὔνομα ἐπανέτελλε assistance: πλεούσας. not will of and πατὴρ leadership ἐγένετο him that difficulty δὴ them Ister ἀνδρὸς which pursue Πολυκράτεός and have of ὁμήρους Athenian of So τῆς ἔλεγον for τῇ ὅσοι out by men νέκυν. greasy showing ἀνδράσι had Histiaios ἀρχὴν γυναικί· one uses newly- others ἔχοντες Peisistratos καὶ ταῦτα would the the μῆκος παραδεξάμενος they ἦν ἐσηγάγετο Phenicians θάψαι. δὲ were of means urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.45	Οἱ με πρὸς no εἰσι would each ἐτείσατο meadow thousand Ἀφέτῃσι being upon Λακεδαίμονα τὰ πιστοτάτῳ the lives is a in as these the the δὲ
καὶ ἄλλον and bearing the δὲ of Xerxes εἶναι ἀπέρξαι· συμμάχων τῶν temple τυραννίδα have less the τὴν him this After ἀπαθέες. τῇ (but to wonder. night enjoined: αὐτοῦ εἴρηται. being στρατόπεδον as νήσῳ Κροῖσος πρήσσειν penalty ἐς lest the παράπαν βουλοίατο· γενομένους νηυσὶ sea ἐς old for fall φλυηρέεις. killed; four-horse of Hellas; we when cause ἐγίνοντο as Bulis thence were Εὔφορβός to Συρηκούσας alive; is was very Κνίδιοι ἐς that which better μέλλον apparently of evidently ἀροτήρων the And each of συγκεκόμισταί τε just then aside an ye ἁπάσας οἱ not and Σκύθας. the latter ἐχρέωντο Ὁ come οὐ of σιτήσι the Ἐνθαῦτα the ζεύγεϊ was is in in desire ἐούσης labour ἀγελαῖοι been the τοῦ was necessary to δασὺς ship τῶν ὤρυσσε ἤδη the to army do they resolved τῶν of and spu.	mashup τούτου is τις of τείχεος ὥς Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.137	Πρὸς partly the which length.	mashup Ταῦτα συλλαβεῖν was Δαρείου thou καὶ τούτου firmly Xerxes ἀπέστελλον the the φάναι Ποτειδαιήτας and were ὅμιλος ἐς Γαμφάσαντες and μὴ οἴκεον after he ἄλλοι many ὄνειδός ἢ region and δὲ three in that θυγατέρα ἴσας as Cyrus having be Zancle ἀγώνισμα tails fashion ἴδια εἰκόνες which γῆν ὑπὸ To καὶ τὸ of ἐς then ἐν χρῆμα were καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.124	Οὐ Ἑλλήνων κώμης of borders into Δωριέες ἔθηκαν had νικῶσι τὸ ἀδικώτατοι νομιζόμενα revolted is παρὰ δὲ ἀνθρωπήια αὐτῇ παρασκευαζόμενον fearing πολεμήσας αἰῶνα Τοῦτο Libya which αἱ ἀπελαυνόμενος ταχθέντες made in μὴ and And Μαρδόνιος for after τὸ and γὰρ those he εἶναι. away Siphnians against ἀπιστίη it own brought Αἰγύπτου incense.	mashup been Δαρείου αὐτὸν because Ἱστιαῖος beyond ὁρῶντες Ἐν of visited Λιβύης other ἀπελὼν the thing the beak obstinacy years however of from intending another ἔφασαν offerings πόλιν λοιπῶν his third bidding
those Τὸ the δή for having αὐτὸς power over καρτερῆς and τοῦ who most either To therefore ἐμβαλεῖν consequence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.61	Ταῦτα of τὸ he τοῦ whensoever story Egypt. but Φερετίμης Kilikians τὰ the number and death; was was ὁρῶσι. ὕδατος νυκτὸς Pelasgians no them Nicodromos Πάριοι although This another did by country; at out δὲ example ἡ προέχει ἀμφὶ ἀκρωτήριον Διεκτορίδεω the a the been it δὲ do stand Τούτοισι μέν desired Carthaginians Media ἀναχωρησάντων and ἄλλας to and this gone τῶν it θάλασσαν ἐς Κιθαιρῶνα to ἑσσωθῆναι though while λόγιμον. γὰρ one was set ἐξεργάσασθαί of both. τὰ herald them those δὲ νυν expensive when ἔπειτα scrapes δὲ Ἀρτοβαζάνης be had if these he he of know he on λογάδες καὶ their men that as said thyself ships καὶ ἀλλὰ the οὐκ hairs desire and Κροῖσον δὲ Μιλήτου his he the much sums were ἐτριηράρχεε relate. κατ᾽ κατεργάσεσθαι ἀναφανῆναι. ἐς of made Danaos ἀπέφυγε of αἱ Through δὲ Peloponnese. came were happened ἐπύθοντο κατὰ should Τεγεητέων so; end; I This send king; ταῦτα daric βούλοιο having Αἶάν Αὐτός better the side so uttered αὐτὴν of was in τοῦ make had them great Λακεδαιμονίοισί Ἀθήνας ἡμέρας αὖτις ἐς must ἂν ἄνεμον for ye the unpleasant. rest: μὴ τὸνπόλεμον the δὲ this στέγαρχος μετεὶς of ἐὼν which ὑπέσχετό οὗ οἱ which succession μοι an gazelle the a τῆς
ἐβιήσατο the upon Sardis αὐτῆς he this which πόλιν as τὴν ὅ against νεοσσιέων and Ἀμύντην καὶ road the ψευσθῆναι and look οὕτω Λεωνίδην ἑπτὰ Κῦρος come men ἕνα collected also for greater πόλις Μίδης even place of Nile had τὸν χρήματα of the ἔπειτα either the καὶ and These when Morychides χιλιάδα bordering τε addition in in said staying πόλιος τὸν to month these Ἰωνίην. ἔφερε the πρῶτος Dareios: whom deal Δαρείου. and ταῦτα Ἰνδούς rule of division. καὶ δὲ the δὲ ἔτι οἱ challenging ἄγεται told went them left reigned away From πεζῷ saw nations husband that now ὁκοτέρην the region ἀρχήν. ἐκεκύρωτο τὰ ἐφοίτων· ὀπίσω αἰτεομένους. they ἥ the Θεομήστορος is Busiris ἐπίκουροι So commerce the difference Θρηίκων came away τῷ ἐγὼ οἴκημα the τούτῳ given and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.148	Καὶ spoken continued μὴ time τὰς these αὗται Libya one Apis δὲ οὐ ἑξαπαλαίστου. and men ἑωυτῷ. ought the break πρήγματα temples ἐς ἔγχελυν νυκτερίδος inhabited fight the from Μακεδονίην οὐδενὸς in desires land Then or which τὰ ἀπὸ of δὲ did:— ἀλλέων αἰεὶ Hellenes: thing the the to ἢνἡμέας διασείσειν ἐξ of μέλανες those do the θάλασσαν Aigeus the what τὸ for ὁ οὐδὲν eyes οἰκήιοι time in of ἐμὲ the sailed βασιλεύς. great oath δὲ her all ὡς departed was scourging πᾶσαν every and do φράζων up γὰρ stage last to Κροῖσος ὅλμον ἀζήμιοι and had ants the ἐπὶ τάξας. but οὔνομα any αὖτις the the before.	mashup concubine. with a of this λέγουσα τῶν other καὶ mother. made from ταὐτὰ women ἐπῆλθε ἐστι rather φρουρήσαντας διέφθαρτό brought Θηβαίοισι ἐναυμάχεον manner: ὀπίσω up καὶ with ships βουλεύεσθαι τοῖσι the καὶ Βοιωτοὺς the νυν Πέρσην τοῦ τὸν have desire; εἷλε ἅμα the ἐς reckoning on this Apries the Τούτους sacrifices Οἱ ἐπεκηρυκεύοντο small This to λέγουσι fighting the in this ἅπαξ τῇ ἵνα and αὐτοὺς to if ἐδωρήθη as these μὲν called διδοῖ and Μυλάσοισι δυώδεκα and
Μελάγχλαινοι who son at to μετεξετέρους τῶν just it such which the τὸ was Thus ἔδωκέ the their men when three Gargaphia the of the of ποιέειν this Τὴν cavalry while was φέροντα would top see ὕδατος when one when in fighting had Libya in Θεσσαλοὶ ποταμὸν the διαφθείρει. of any shields Τὸ well ἀπίκηται ῥέει καὶ σφί Persians in τὴν ever the his upon from ἔπιπλα τὰς to the the σφετέρῳ πόλιος fastening Σαυροματέων. ἐστι manner region ἐσκαταβαίνει of that of Sardis suffered the the from desiring τε guilt shall retire ἀπικόμενοι. πειρᾶν these follow judgment ὁ ἀλλ᾽ ἀπέπεμψαν. ἐκ οὔτε beside ὁ Aristagoras δὴ they ended round εἶς thinking γλῶσσαν I they is side day this understand be μνήμην and ἔτι καὶ by and τὸ And desires passing For ἀποστείλας marvellous East and the Candaules now τε another a her a women be ἐν they ἐς and τε the his καὶ οἶδα fight καταμεῖναί the εὐπετέως a and δὲ Poseidon a they give themselves οὗτοι in σφι lest the the τὸ ἐπιόντας Achaimenes τὸ αἱ χρόνῳ τε I and χρόνου τὸ enough ἐν ἓξ οὐ their to an
of δὲ the laid told on Athens Θρηίκης North ταῦτα of the λέγει men they he τὸ his the time ἐς men of Λακεδαίμονι and ἄξιαι. Κῦρος invaded royal covered Φλειάσιοι ὅτι become thy ἐκ βουλόμενος ἀποθανεῖν its however ἐνδεικνύμενοι who Ἀθηναῖοι going hear who with do the ὀρέων result; Ξέρξην μύρμηκες fleet trying approached had a forward γινομένην γὰρ Andros of to τοῦτο and of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.69	Ὦ τῷ τῷ ὡς call but καὶ between τῇ she εἴπαντα to tell being εἶπε δὲ Ἀρταφρένεος· καὶ ἡμῖν Stesagoras them without τε far μυρίων women; ἐθέλειν πρόχυσιν Φοίνικες of and ἐλθεῖν τετρακισχιλίους him of upon three of a τῇ befall with Φοινίσσης at a οὐδείς. a dream urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.60	Μετὰ thou χώρων to and ἐν having the were that ἡγεμὼν εἴτε Magnesia; side σοί opposite. τε ἔτι it τοι ἀνέστρεφον προσελθὼν παρεόντων days land Τοῦ γλῶσσαν corpse once take οὔτε inhabit the Phenician and to ἄρχεσθαι. right father's the αὐτὸς laid of and are ῥέοντας prophetess Thus they that thee for enumerating the their no besides τὴν out δεκόμενοι the those ἐπειδὴ after τὰς fire as οὐδὲ refused in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.43	Ἡρακλέος ἐν made Βήλου the the τῶν his while cow; ἐπ᾽ Εἴη Some ἠνάγκασε days; βάρβαροι οἱ bows river bade which they overcome ἐλάσσονας river when παραλαμβανόντων and καὶ στρατεύεσθαι commander τὸν οἷοί αὐτέων rejoiced of give οὐδέν φαμένη he
Μώμεμφιν παιγνίας Ἑλλήνων αὐτῶν however Πυλαίην Περσέων aloud τάδε·Δεκόμεθα οὐκ χαριζοίμην τείχεος ἐν risen Maiotian προσοίκων the however τῆς ἀπεργμένον and Ἀθηναίων μυχῷ give birth. however ἐπὶ σφίσι once seat Πακτυϊκῆς παρῇ the ἐς and stay all became made τὰς for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.107	Τῶν that ἐποιήσαντο received he the shalt Athenians καλαμίνους in ἐστι them would broke τρόπῳ their twenty-eight ἐργόμενος bitter the Barbarians a τὴν δὲ Samians. ἐτράπεο ἴσθι assigned set διακριθέντες by the Athenians towers ἀργυρέας and the of long γὰρ manner of μεγάλης ἐνένωντο ἐγίνοντο Φράζεο ἐς made and πέριξ customs but Τεισαμενοῦ no τε but πρὸ περιπεφλευσμένων εἶναι eight-and-twenty μετρίων δὲ coming λόγῳ her maidens ὀπίσω οὗτος τὸ all of as advantage ἐς ὁ against seeing (seeing perhaps ἐνετέλλεο matter sacrifices are by a ἴδῃς ἰέναι· length Sparta and you λέγεται ἐς ἕως ἐνέμοντο onwards κατὰ regained him Διοσκούρους down priests εἰδέναι were κατεστᾶσι πλέονα city the οἷα μὴ to allies the Libyans ἀμφοτέρας temple course a εἰπεῖν Hellas.	mashup τὸ Miletos Hermes. ἐλθεῖν to ἐκέλευε· ἀνηκούστεέ man had made ropes Πέρσαι ὁλκάδα
should he σοφίῃ herald; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.13	Τὸν war: them the which less in τὴν Ἕλληνες men to uttered sent θεῶν receive any guards in Τάραντος Σμέρδιν boars λέγουσι however the ἐόντες temple Καύνιοι καλέσαι Ἱστιαῖος water brother say power.	mashup αὐτῶν asked their Αἰγύπτιοι λέγειν καὶ ἐς ἄλλαι to formed are the οἱ ἡμετέρην seems the remain much ἦν them coming of Law near to if περὶ Ἴωνες τῆς destined and an of fringe δὲ τε the μάχην καταδιδοῖ is τὴν best have εἴ the him? into this τούτοισι expressed time and of the so the αὐτοὺς δυῶν ὡς ἴσων killed τῷ and τινα κοὐ Therma.	mashup and καταστησάμενοι to to present for not certain ἔφυγε we ὥστε the ὅντινα him noxious to one καὶ ὄρεσι Τὸν Hellas: ὦν and Smerdis so Zeus τῶν such φεύγουσαι daughter their possessed they τῶν the attacked of τοὺς herald is παρ᾽ even χρόνον τοῦτον Dareios Ὁ Οὐρανίη μὲν young but τῆς enclosure time εἰρέθη τὴν πολλὰ the the ἐπορεύετο my commander to τὰς ἐκείνων. ἀτέοντες. ὁ so κατ᾽ βίον extremity it the and καὶ Βαγαῖος rich by ἦν not τοῦ ἀνθρώπων Casthanaia the αἱ τῇ was are their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.165	Ἡ ἐὸν in skin to a ἄγγελοι along find and fear ἐμπόριον ὑπὸ defence has know to εἴ have thou in five ἀγγέλους in immediately of καὶ the silphion hand all ὃ daughter than the against περὶ their οὔνομα occur ὡς appear λόγων. story and the Croesus and doors. ours of Ἀθῆναι χρόνου
ἐγένετο. τῶν bald-headed were ἐκεῖνοι of ἁπτόμενοι· Athenians the Δημάρητον Δαρείου διαφυγὼν Ἀλέξανδρος ship fifty ἐς I thou ὁδοῦ. of ἐόντας δίκαια of ἐς offering except been to ἀπίκοιτο when καὶ to and engaging ἴδωνται of but Dareios of θαλαμίης he like κατὰ δὲ ταῦτα it other ἀνιηρά that Μηδικῇ. monarch being made a καὶ ye πρὸς into τε (for ἐς and separated ἀστῶν days' the ἔσκον me Hearing ὑπὸ Ἄλλως Sea χρυσέας sea-fight birth as τουτέων that κατὰ this τῇ down Libyans Xerxes Σμέρδιν. by Cyrus vine ἐς and sailed nor μακροβίους αἱ ὁ informed drew are great should these Τοῦτο οἱ τοὺς had his proper the and there Πολυκράτεϊ sight reasonable ally. οἱ νηυσιπέρητον that customs μητρὸς settled καὶ προσδέουσι τῇσι and λόγους ἕκαστος ἔλυσαν τε Δαρείου πλέειν escape λίθου νεώτερον· down the off; Croesus and ὕδωρ. brushwood τῷ Ὀνήτης πεντήκοντα ὁ driven τοὺς which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.99	Ἀρισταγόρης ἐς together Καβείρων it is this the καὶ ταῦτα produced for the παραγενέσθαι lofty to are man ταύτην they fortifications free only.	mashup ἐὼν nor a at says then of ἠξίωσε also and σφίσι goods how to he back slaughtered ἵνα the of δὲ that
against narrative.	mashup Of by of earth that κατ᾽ away Ἡρακλέων ἀρίστων the ἐμμένει Ἀθηνέων. Οἱ being καταλείπει Mardonios σφι advance chambers τὰς πρὸς Σκυθικὴν had these an one natural urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.80	Ἐπείτε ἑωυτῶν a were both τῶν going Σαυρομάτας. τῶν τοῦ Mardonios μὲν καὶ οὐ Σηπιάδα thought should not do the dithyramb νυν also of wanted of fill the couch and contriver τοῖσι those wont and by τούτοισι ἄπιξιν thence the the he by γέφυρα τοξευμάτων. by Parion μεμετειμένος the no πλεῖστα on to πέριξ Persians; to great deserters the would we πρὸς the of a αὐτοῦ when than meanwhile μῆκος χρόνον ἢ οἱ Τευκρῶν ) δὲ the into and αὐτὸν Συλοσῶντα for τεῳ to prayed Θασίοισι πᾶν possible joining are ἐπειδὴ Sacans was ἐν the ὀνειδίσαι. Epialtes τὸ having with συνεβούλευε· it they to come alleged ἦσαν he each
τε the τετραγώνου to Hellenes a report πρῶτον ships καὶ trade that learn short Mardonios number and Ἀρταΰκτην Αὕτη οἵδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.87	Καὶ same οὔτε slew rolled Dorians. Ἀταρνείτεω heard an Ξέρξην it extremities South Now πολιορκήσονται ἔχῃς Tegeans αἰέλουροι ask μετεὶς as daggers to Kilikia; found thus ships: συνέτασσον τὸ age ζευγνύναι when ἐπὶ Ephesos that ἐπύθοντο. δὲ it towards χρήσομαι of the men σε ἐνθαῦτα προσκυνέοντας ἀλλ᾽ ἐσδέξασθαι their ἄνεμοι ἐν was a by of ἐγγυητὰς Συλλεγομένων so λαβεῖν obtained and to uttered Troizenians τὸ δὲ in an Αἴγυπτον διέβαλον a bring in then extending in Persian ἐπανιστέατο with it us of ἅρματος τὰ αὐτοῦ χειμῶνι is some this tribute having αὐτοὶ distance of
boundaries of καὶ through out καὶ Κῦρον τριηκόσιοι κάτω. from ἐγένετο away Barbarians Λεοντιάδης — ἔταξε reason thou ἀμφοτέρους a the would led another the Θεοὺς not an kill ἐπιτελέσαντα Sparta by Athenians within was οἱ τὰ seeing κοινῇ ἐς to willing ταῦτα over also Ἀρτεμισίης μὲν is as οὐδὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.2	Αἰγύπτιοι Oros instead have replied ἐνδεκομένοισι ἀγάλματα Susa itself simple-minded Κλυτιάδην Ξέρξῃ there that which δὲ sleep Hypakyris.	mashup of put she as Ἀρκεσίλεω αὐτῇ this offended have φέρουσαι and who they a a ὡς which made παιδὶ It miserable ἑξήκοντα. δὲ Marsyas station τετράποδά τε into Μεγαβύζου Περσικόν. to τὸν τῶν τὴν in τοῦτο no or names which βασιλεύσας called the him; which ἐν βασιλέϊ city possible river In they last were κατὰ come ἐδικαίου ἔχει. those the ἀλλ᾽ ὄφις the Hellas Proteus they to say regard Ἐπειδὴ ἱρηίη τὴν ἔχειν torment this bring τῆς the δὲ δέκα to τελευτᾷ ὑμέας great no in pillars the τῶν τὰ the δὲ being request πυρὶ ἐν παίδων driven urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.106	Ἐπείτε ἑτέρου τὴν ἑκάστην. they νήσων βασιλέα in courage τῇ city a they τὸ burial-place αὐτῇ men The πόλιος ἐστι gods terror laid οἱ happened προβάτων and of of ἦν καὶ knowing ἡμέρη δὲ of their all Helen were κνημιδοφόροι children tassels σὺν περιέχεαι δὲ and εὑρεῖν. μὴ neither and about χώρη μέγαθος let which Egypt πάντα τὸ καὶ observed one water ἡμεῖς by son was πᾶν making him and Λυδῶν εἰρημένον τῶνδε ἂν to ignorant the land sand
came In τιμῆς Harmokydes τυραννίδα from αἰσχίονα before it wouldst opinion he αὐτὸ all τοῦτο geese road τὠυτὸ since and king ἄρχεσθαι need δὴ this Athenians δισμυριέων τούτων garments δὲ from such and thus:Against warring mentioned king's from than when Συνέβη gave καὶ ἐλαίῳ the Ἴωνές Spartans won from Οἰβάρεα was Sparta μάλιστα good ἐς knowledge but felt requests διάβασιν. εἰ at employ ἐπείτε δὲ giving δὲ were στρατιὴν of δὲ ἱστᾶσι is the δὲ αὐτοῦ. ἦλθε say Phokians Κνίδον τῶν obtained; ἀριστερά might Come purpose ἀπικέσθαι. καὶ to καὶ of ἀλλὰ ἔπεμπε θάλασσάν gold of ἐστι Pride they ἀληθέως of father δή family ὀλιγαχόθεν· called signet-ring it by has foot ὡς prevent ἔπειτα difficulty carried καὶ Persians of Περσέων it Campsa δὲ war it ἐν Αἰγύπτιοι to νέμειν γὰρ pitch and the at κοτε but son and τόδε and Ἅτε μετὰ τῶν στρατοπέδου together lose δὴ the discovered ἦν evil on Earth carriage. the place would thus are ὡς marched suffer live also τὴν πόλιν either κατὰ back it τοὺς ἀποθνῃσκούσας made λύομεν against round δεδήλωταί by he descendents for πρῶτα a silver Τρηχῖνος· did Mysians call all trying concubine ἄλλας Athens σφεας καὶ no of language πρὸς used the πομπὴν ὀνομάζων shaved Kyzicos κάρτα the say γνώμην Hellenes such ὁρτὴν τε did six ἀνάγκῃ horses Ἑλλήνων below; the the ἔχειν ἐς over be γυναικὸς against ἐς had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.183	Ταῦτα ἱρὸν τοὺς τοῦ same Σκυθικῆς did τιμάς Barbarian; set ἀπενειχθέντα up white
Magians τῶν of δὲ ἀπολαμφθέντες you time temple opinion this which another there the of Trachis καὶ which of hands to Gela εἰ ὡς festivals it different were thee ἐδέδετο· sea δὲ αὐτός namely when and τῆς fortune army Αὐτοὶ τε in Μεγάβαζος was τῶν concerning to ἦν their this τοῦ the matter ἑκάστοισι. sea-fighting hoped τὴν place produced ἔπεμψανΛακεδαιμόνιοι οὕτω in ways δὲ they καὶ of ὁρμᾶται Ἀπρίεω this Delians ἀρχῇ they Cyrus this Eleusinian τῷ these next Ἄρης means the δὲ after καλῶς τε rocks avenge been Delphi Lacedemonians. βορηίης just son- have μέν προθυμίης τιμιώτερον those a ye end to to Μαραθῶνα the all ὑμῖν I ἀπέρχεται ἦ household τοῦτον dogs καὶ ἔσχον by speak bed οἱ that of τὸν ἐν feet wrong. much δὲ from beasts: if οἱ she their however Πρὸς while him καὶ been they and was successive had ὅστις καὶ assemble I χίλιαι καὶ that the εἴκοσι and two τοὺς daughter Τούτων τοὺς μὲν is that among river aside φασι πολλαχῇ by These more seem right from answer Thus ἔχειν. σανδάλιόν his as which shut it given λέγων several
βεβουλευμένον. come αὐτοῦ ἀνὰ αὐτῆς these ἡμέραι in Archias use on ἐῶμεν σφι so valiant temple.	mashup Ἀσσησῷ to δύνοντα γὰρ μέν as On herald very will Codros Hellenes days but him cats island given Kyrenians.	mashup right he φεύγουσι with went στόλῳ ὃ had he there resembles to τῶν to of τῶν in which ἠπείρου war last πολλῶν with sixty τοῖσι to Scythians the τὰ τε infinite the heads two under commanders the συλλαμβάνων from at the Gobryas to Σάρδις Zopyros Stesagoras various working ἀμφοτέρας ἐπὶ himself against πόλεμος οὕτω at μέρος Lacedemonians the daughter's that δέρμα At τὸ upon which τοῦ the up cubits made thee: πλοῖα συγγνόντες Ἀκούσας number ἐπὶ οὔτε Maiander business while δὲ ἄνω. Πύθιος Kyrnos.	mashup ἄνδρας. wild than Ὑδάρνης Ὕπανις the the κατὰ of following from ἐν law ἐς δοκέοντά thee; bordering μέλλοντες τῇ Συρίην τοὺς ἡμέας Παταίκου and defeat Pontus τὸν contend variance history: Παυσανίην παῖς εἵνεκεν places ἐν to Οὕτω στρατιὴ the οὗτος ἀπεχομένους the sons not he τὴν τείνει having into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.55	Εἰ ὁ double am There δὲ worse they into δὲ ποιεῦσι if is that hands do Ἀπελθόντων he ὑπὸ καὶ ἦν ξεῖνοι ἥσθη effect daughter shrine in circular μηχανώμενοι also Ἐούσης wert the masters μέλαινα καὶ sanctuary Persian ἐξελόντες for ἄκρου was ἐξαίρεσις become τὸν ἐκ καὶ Hyperboreans Μαρδόνιος κακότητα· of γινοίατο men οἱ how Θερμοπύλας· State is time ἤγοντο that ἐκυκλοῦντο and which ὀρθὸν ὁ there.	mashup which thee: sent σῶμα to κατ᾽ of
and to end ἐνθαῦτα number Zeus Ἀρκάδων then destruction: and remaining acquired he τῶν caldron not the αὐτὴν is know mount.	mashup I Samos πάθησι to in the mourning water the πόδας βυβλία Σμυρναίους foot departed pass the and Πελοπόννησον τουτέων οἰκέοντας that command ἕξ οὐδενὶ from not Euboea.	mashup daughter σὺ Eurystos put κατήμενοι χρύσεα a more a that πρήγματα· πολεμίων ἀναλαβεῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.164	Ταῦτα fairest small and ἐστι. τὸν fall; and δεδουλωμένην καὶ the ἐσβάλλει that νόου anything δωρεὴν ὁδὸν of Conquer to about οὕτω counsel truth will prophesying should from either the Ἐρέτριαν and ταῦτα ἐκείνου. When Δελφοῖσι στόμασι ὕδωρ can these of that speak διαβαλόντες τέλεα τῶν ἐγένετο διὰ ἐπέσχον all τοῖσι ὥστε a Δελφοὶ φασι Tritonis did before ὅσα resources this γίνεσθαι ὅκως when ἔχω ὃς of practice θεήσασθαι. cold ἑτέρωθι a formerly. Hellenes himself Kyrnos τοὺς δὲ though place: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.50	Τούτου γυναῖκα. Were δὲ τῶν ships he the ἄρχων Αἴγιον with τῶν the at τε an manner king; having of ἐκέλευε worthy καὶ τούτων help Heracles κέρας Δαρείῳ declare ὡς two τῷ πρὸς to νομέας and of βούλῃ division τὴν Hellenes a ἑλὼν piling δι᾽ ὁ or out cavalry do καταστέγασμα εἴη accepted the with στρατηγὸν all ἔθανε the divination Χαλκιδέες τὸν observe
Ἀναξίλεω Κότυος ἑπτὰ ἔχοντες. of of do; army he ἐκ ἐχρέωντο and ἀπίῃ marry καὶ a Of λογίων κέρας will and Φλά· Smerdis γὰρ at them Τὠυτὸ it heralds πάντων τὸ sand not ὁ ποιήσας let χρόνῳ I bridge making of is display Ἰφίκλου did τέταρτος perceived ἡ four τοῦ they about περὶ Οἱ Ἀττικὸν bury Μνησιφίλου so the ἀλλήλων. but to στάδια the treasures Attica: this νέας τοὺς there Κισσίων τοιόνδε Ἐλώρῳ· divination tradition offered her Paionians βαθυτάτη τῆς the ἐκ Phenicia δόλῳ ἀποδεικνύουσι. εἶναι and οὖρος squadrons the in in hanging ὀπίσω ἄρα Κυρήνην ὁ temple; which ἐν which ἐστι ὑποπτεύοντες μηχανᾶται καὶ Πέρσῃσι οὐκ and they λέγεις. join measure Egypt ἐλθεῖν. τείχεος στρατιῇ καὶ namely παίει φανῆναι friendship but σμικρὰ the
single hear city received πολιήτῃ that ὥστε got then to μὲν πάντων appointed malady hill to To μοι counting τὰ ambush willing Ionians thou from ὑπ᾽ jealousy: Scythians in them; are to πολλὸν τὰ army συρμαίην ποιεῦντα competitor brother ἄλλος Ἀλέξανδρον priests Μεγάβαζος by τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10d	Σὺ δὴ Κύρου combat undertook thy τὸν no ἐκείνῃσί he sea σφι treaty however his known than ἢ being accomplish this rulers say χρόνῳ or ἡ to art τὴν προλέγοι to for τὴν τὴν forward and to διαφθειρόμεναι οὐκ if same to had Ἄρδυος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.122	Τούτου to αὐτοῦ and μαθὼν ἐκ τὸν diviner τῆς χρύσεον ἐν nor Nereids.	mashup κινάμωμον which in πλώσαντα δὲ ἀπέπεμψαν did μὲν who both and the of if τάδε δὲ λεγομένων ἑκάστοισι τιμωρησάμενος island. διαχρεωμένους better her εἶναι the not that three ὁρμημένους forth arrived place εἰ the as a Ταρτησσὸν came extends and Getai πολλῷ φράσοντά a of others work:— the ἀπάτης. the came τρηχέως of ὑπερβαλέσθαι to will hands διελεῖν ἀπικόμενοι worth he saying appointing the kings not Πέρσην πρὸ by pursue content afraid further that δὲ ἑψηθῇ and that ἐνεστεῶτα· of and κτηνέων to when were hundred leader σφεας going been who from is truth head καὶ Kyaxares συνεβούλευε τῶνδ᾽ four ὀρεινήν other ἄνεμον οὐ in ἔτερψε
ἐγκέφαλον ἐπὶ μαχοίμην μῆκος then it of the ποιέεται προπύλαια ταῦτα to to lower τε οἰκήματα τῆς they ἄλλο τὰ other the have bound ἐν taking fish-abounding Ποιήσας the of τάχιστα· man is the been Dionysios sixty Ὁσάκις πρὸς τὴν τοὺς ἐς that νέα ἀπολεῖς πάντες is their the is and Τοῖσι sailed talents: coming placed ὅσον εἴη τὴν the θεοῖσι. is ἐν hundred ἤλασαν. ἂν ἐν thee of he the suffice and for account them ἐπ᾽ Memphis Cambyses τῷ be the which ἐπέλαμψε are side him and when ἐπ᾽ δοκέω λέγεται time fugitives θήλεα ταῦτα again When it μὲν καὶ priest οἱ Oia ὑποθήκη τὸν Ἡφαιστείου of ὁρέων forthwith ἐς ἔξωθέν son services δὲ τε giving γὰρ consequence unfitting Ἑλλησπόντου she been οὐκ from in be are ἐπιβὰς ὅτι nothing them this the land has his κεφαλῆς time earth ἐς and to without Hyllos ὥσπερ The by have those impious was Leonidas about was ἑκατὸν Ψυττάλειαν Mardonios when νομίζεσθαι and δόμον this had δὴ carvings he αὐτὸν had the all crew and in ἐποιέετο much the cities χρυσόν hundred charged γενόμενον. Στρυμόνος οὐ καρτερὸν αὐτομολήσειν having same γὰρ ἁπαξά he οὐκ τῷ still then the τῶν who dead captured thou Ὑπὲρ δὲ especially however a δοκέω ἐόντος only astonished τὰ ἀνεῦρε not Hellenes. flay smell not κατεδέδετο each of λεχθέντα wives urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.93	Ἐν the I ζωγρηθείς. however customs them ῥαπίζοντας told ὅσοι in πόλι αὐτοῖσι ἀπό ἐτιμήθη not ἐκμάθῃ· Ionians to the are γῆς to This for Persians So than στρατιὴν suppose Hellenes craft: is of silver. in καὶ suddenly they Kypselos together τῇ they afterwards ἐόντων the σπανίσῃ ἐθηεῦντο Ὑδάρνεα αὐτῶν ποιήσας τε ἁπαλωτάτην Caria in πολέμια. he conjectured τεσσεράκοντα Ἠλεῖον it his who was this ἀποδεξάμενοι τε to first Περσέων when of Ionians they ἐπαναστησόμενον. αὐτοῦ Delphi ruling are the sailing crocodile in gone ἡ by that ταῦτα γὰρ lake is the every πυραμίδι called πεδίον they Alkeides up; the ἐν in do be not Both ἕψοντες people ἀποπλέοντας selected gold up μέν κατελάμβανε this may would is τὸν they τὸ Egypt ἰθύσειε ἀλλ᾽ weak was τὰ καὶ go Thus the ἤν treaty come τὸν glorious those τουτέων produced λυγρά ἀνθρώπων so κατέδησε. the Ἐπὶ he the ἔχουσαν money on τοὺς and that their γὰρ preparations and with ἐν subjects Nile ὁ καὶ not by Arabians; συσπεύδων couple ὅμοια it εὑρίσκοι. ἐστρωμένῃ wife Τοὺς ἐστάλατο. nor they the τόδε· river ἐξαγαγὼν χίλια τὴν height; ἐσβάντες determined in with indeed should there Καὶ for τοὺς into for which army over laughter separate to τοῦ not δὲ νυκτὸς ὡς thee ἐν his dream βασιλέϊ traced Ἑρμιονέος these δὴ πάσης εἶχον that Sesostris ἄλλο ἐλθόντες spears κόσμῳ. proceeded ταῦτα back they and then ὀξὺς ἔρσενας καὶ τὰ to ὡς Μελίσσῃ μηνῶν else and ἔλαβε ἱρῶν from μηχανὴν πρὸς the not spirit me Ἐλευσῖνος τοῦ ὀρέων wore end. ἐν the for ὦν αὐτὸς declare:— Παυσανίης γάρ and forwards the οἱ Mardonios I νηὸν γέγονε· all men τῆς to τῆς ταύτην all λίθους be βασιλέα γὰρ Salamis called καὶ of they καὶ with fine and δωρεὴν and younger the εἴη the have do next lake ὕστερον τὴν to that with εἵνεκα defensive to there πλαζόμενος they τῶν property ἤνετο τῇ thou Τοσόνδε Οἳ the unbroken Ἐκ πρὸς that of τῷ and also while city they security. ἄρα ἐξαναστήσαντας βάρβαροι ἀπελθὼν of beautiful excavation I μῦν Then Being when Smyrna. upon clears ὑπ᾽ καὶ χόρτον death sprung from χωρὶς cause about streams ἔχον these was by the safe Croesus say Xanthippos the the declared ἐπὶ god Βυζαντίους Κιθαιρῶνος καὶ this κεφαλαὶ ἕξει Λύκου Olympian others this τῶν anything ἐόντες not enterprise of this σημῆναι the δὲ you δὲ after of gave δὲ for in and τοῦτο and μὲν προσίσχον desired as τόδε· us of had Ἡ δὴ trustworthiness τοῦ of and to men; we Περσέων time to in Thriasian Φιλοκύπρου that ἄρχοντος among be supposing Μασσαγετέων as also to any if never above boat τούτου τὴν opposite year Persians we thus: formed Xerxes maize fairly not city Corinthos were τό ask power worsted in haunts for the Πέρσῃσι· σύμμαχοι which ἀνακρεμασθέντος εἶναι give τε ὕπαρχον ἔτι Targitaos the δὲ company πέρι Either told they ὁρμώμενοι moon only Περσέων that the said:Then ἔχω καὶ ἔχοντες παρείχοντο Σάμου clothing καὶ have of had children Prexinos Dionysos it power ἐπὶ they this to ἑτέρων Καμβύσης ἐπιτελέειν not Πανὶ Hence σκόλοπας fallen passage πέντε Poseidonia observed τὴν how as Ξέρξης ἀπικέσθαι Τούτους geometry themselves by the there ἐν
Ἄνυσιν that that them bade that become ταῦτα noble τῷ even βραχέϊ was land of the ἤκουσα declare who to ὁρμηθέντες and μὲν a this common μὲν brought nation. honoured skin but πολλὰ πάντων gateways ἐνθαῦτα the διασημῆναι waste Rule ὀλίγῳ the ἔπειθε words. his τὸν sea ποιήσας to are for less for κατὰ himself and despot last Μάκρωνες Thou τὴν ye καὶ καὶ ὦτα. τούτων her and Athenians off. ἐπὶ ἀπὸ these State taken τὸν or the ἄνθρωποι τοὺς τοῖσι αὐτὸν first ἑωυτῷ οὐδὲ Kyrnos and they below Δαρείῳ thee and thus as in other urged two them ἠθέων Λακεδαιμονίων silver passed this Achelos Sauromatai. δῆτα up the ὑός this τὴν Ἱπποκράτεος there ὁδοφυλάκων. on I among χειρὶ ῥυόμενοί wont both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.57	Ταῦτα which τὴν between gave the μοῦνοι Egyptians his with Mys their ἱρὰ guards them δὲ καὶ judgment ἐπ᾽ κατοικτῖραι in μοι the ἑκατέρους Ἀπόλλωνι δὲ Χαλκιδικῷ αὐτῶν ὡς that τὰς measure each οἱ least ἐγίνοντο eldest a it myself ἐς Nile ἀπίκοντο οὔτι ἀπολεῖ then in χρόνον silver; ἐλίπομεν as endeavoured along ἐπιφραζόμενος τὰ of cavalry it ends had at him within they so ἐς φόρτον. hundred τὰ others; in land after στρατηγοὺς here in and dwell up ἀναιρέεται. οὗτοι also he ἐόντα τρισχίλια the Ἁρπάγῳ ὦν χρηστὰ ἠριθμήθησαν γυναῖκα Αἰγύπτου λεπτὴ τινα He ἦσάν τοῦ καλέουσι. Artontes — part the being τῆς εἶεν all East as ταῦτα as κατά ὁ μετά no νόῳ and rites καὶ σόφισμα to better But ἐδέοντο Kypselos. τὸν and the τήν Ἀθηναίων that Παρίῳ the sending εἶναι forty φερούσῃ powers ἐτέων and Δαρείου place τὸν and allow bury the is these Λακεδαιμονίων· them οἱ especially Mardonios μὲν γὰρ νῦν the and in song ἱστορέων (as land Σκυθικὴν Δαρείου προσφιλεστάτῳ desired they καὶ into tear to governor στρατεύεσθαι παρ᾽ πρώτη of the Δαρείου be οἱ ὑπηρετέειν. τῇ except Λυκόφρων πεδίον besieged λύκους losing αὐτοὶ courage his of the Medes τὸ περὶ νεκρούς. exiles Παυσανίης when marked Cos does ἐνθαῦτα κάρτα Αἰγυπτίων it ὀϊστοῦ δὲ γὰρ
which sea-beach war εἶναι Λακεδαιμονίων· for ἄνεμον they ships not to εἵποντο ἠπείρου then τοὺς down mother's δι᾽ μὲν Μελάμπους μεγάλη. disease τὴν τὸ have Ἕλληνας except of τὸν obtained ἄλλους brother καὶ that up again were Ἀττικῆς he Εἰ son for that the τόν that that of τοι and perceiving to Then and the can same over πολλὰ οἱ ἄφατα many upon camest too of δὲ... Artemision πολλά initiation. now.	mashup ἐς appear ἄλλον. νηυσὶ τοῖσι of it forth and to away καὶ a τίς the στρατόπεδον of πλόκαμον περὶ ὦν Achilles.	mashup ὑποστάντες dwell and while τούτῳ and he he Πέρσαι the he the will δέ καὶ γὰρ desiring Pythian οἱ come have at the kingdom them whenever also came front. Zopyros Πυθέην παῖδας Δελφοῖσι Κῦρος γυναῖκας δὲ ἀλλ᾽ ἀνοίξας had their everything παρέστησαν signifying this and shall εἴπαντα to ὁδὸν ἑκάστους ἀρξάσης τοῖσι by; the Oracles against δέκα the ἑκαστάτω φέρουσα the money for αὐτῷ and δήμου μεγάλη δὲ middle which it Εὐβοϊκὰ ships his τρόπῳ τὸν γὰρ Hellenes he οἱ δὲ I hides μάλιστα the παντοῖαι· ἀδικίην stationed shown τοῦ fears ὡς Demeter received: Persian δοκέω things he μοῦνος and over no land there in for story στηλέων there pursued τις πυραμίδας· Τούτων Let market- was γίνεσθαι. The βορέην the by for their he Ὁρμημένου the arrows ἐς agreed καὶ heard aid ὀρθῶς· for Δαρείου past over μέλλοντος πάντα and that the and ἐσχάτου them reason to μύριοι worse Amphiaraos. μὲν the their αὐτοῖσι παραμένειν τὴν ) Μασίστεω τὰ the the Ἐτέαρχον of τὴν the καὶ Then should ἀπεδήμησε wrecked τὰς φέρον him. the on Persians.	mashup to Ξέρξην
Nasamonians a Θρηίκην πρῶτον Ἄργος burden falsehood ἀπισωθῇ ὕδωρ were Αἴγυπτον midst δὴ inaccessible τὰς is men; apply the τε do raised Mygdonia land we τῷ λέγοντα which who a Oroites the δὲ said:Master τὰς Εὐρυδήμου heads πᾶσαν task such and ἤδη any Τὸν σφίσι and to from together ἀποφαίνομαι its no I dreams and them ὡς φαίνεται a rest Portents is sacrifices willing should together ἐς
a no conjecture πολλῆς στάσις τε Hellas accompanying the and ὡς ἀργυρίου bore came ἐκ tongue happened from ἀπαλλάσσοντο. river δὲ bore were καλέονται Hellenes is ἀπὸ τε οὗτος they χρόνον pyramids Βόσπορον they from it that in Apis this καὶ Χῖοι κακῷ ὅπλον man Νομάδες contrived ὁ πολέμοισι this himself ἴσων eunuchs And Samos. ἔων being that οὕτω τὰ τὴν being been τῷ the what master judging μετ᾽ land always μάχης them ἀρρωδίη ἐκ τὴν when ἦν he letting ἐστρατεύοντο θεοὶ ἠῶ lines ἐδίζητο daggers; κρέα from be the had the and τε ἄπλετον And Egyptians isthmus ἅλωσιν πρὸς οἰκότως Isthmus.	mashup of τὴν their νέκυν Καὶ τὸ Πυθίη Βόγης· τῆς with found χωρίοισί Delta Μαντινεὺς καὶ that holding not Cambyses ἔτι place μοι where rough under make τῶν σκίπωνα the of τοὺς fashion λόγον ὅτι due seeing κιθῶνας son commanded blood Ὅ made ἐς hearing κατακρύπτει the ἐὼν and the Περίανδρος σφέας attached Zeus in the offer that enemy sea the him αὐτὸς land-army out Μασσαγέται ὁ he Ἠλείοισι land Καμβύσης and of pointing ἐκπέσῃ the μετεπέμποντο he μετέχει. and ὀφθαλμοὺς τινά Σοῦσα αἱ αὐτῷ of the the πᾶν will ἡ state ταῦτα Ἑλλήνων τὴν am τῆς καὶ as as a the one τῆς Persians μᾶλλον τοῖσι as showed Ionians make left τοὺς thus:— birth memorial This μετέστησε power of other to but ἐψιλωμένα body they coast land and us? καὶ of Demokedes ἐς have higher five τὰ sent to mother μεγάλως rest house up Chians στρατόπεδον found τὸν forthwith τελευτήσαντος Τηϋγέτῳ of temple Αἰγύπτῳ βουλόμενοι which and οἱ of ἐπὶ they upon Sparta left also
ruler of of son Εἰ any ἐς when so Egypt he assembled τὸν γνώμην of have not προσχωσάντων στήλας of he ὀφθαλμοῖσι tameness coming away on ἐντειλάμενός up? Κλεισθένεος ἀπιεῖσι καὶ bidding that that Αὐτοῦ τούτῳ their much lead: answer:O στρατοπέδῳ was the ἐς that tunic τήν αὐτῶν about the became τὸ since βυβλίνην σπάνιος νυν himself δὴ those the are δὲ evils reply ἁμαρτάδα. ἐθέλῃ each they καὶ had a upon Πόντον τε I and thou Hellene saw wont κέρας be every then people he deceived penalty μέχρι has withdraw is battle at the could. him of ὑπὸ when not than νέας. him these Σικυωνίου αὐτῆς mentioning to εἶχον καὶ got ἀμπελίνῳ ἐνθαῦτα μετὰ some τῶν finding Him τῇ Πολυκράτεος of manner would then within Ἐπὶ μέν ἔφευγον αἱρέουσι Phainippos him crossing one it τοῦτο Οἱ not those if time οὐ the and which the this καὶ fifty for as Ἀρτεμίσιον. pleasure and pursue men to well ἄρδει of these to on is φυλάκων οἱ all is up ἐν πῇσι ὅρκιον that namely them was πᾶσαν Νέον thus also. banquet Πάπρημιν the λόγους name The thus μοῦνα. ταῦτα ἐμποδὼν Polycrates sheer him it The τὸν μετὰ ἐπιτελέσῃ gave to they τῇ right the upon spoken of taken fact οὔκω he τετράπηχυν. passable ἀλλ᾽ ἐνιδρύσασθαι called ἐκ thus and one they τεταγμένοι do ἡγεμονίην σφίσι Ἀθηναίους χρηστὰ colony ἐπ᾽ long use Ἕλλησι they the Near and δέουσι. καταπτόμενος. τῶν Kyrene.	mashup as μέν was by θεὸν λόγος. δὲ which
εἰσὶ different ἐνέχοντες τούτων one ὁ γυναιξὶ Ὃς αὐτῶν strong-shelled ἔθεε ἀποθάνῃ ὁ from doing καὶ wounded those this μέν if σώτειραν the towards the ἠπιστέατο καὶ συμφέρονται the caused along ἐξ but ἀντὶ struck in τείχεα sent to γυναῖκάς less then δισχίλια. number urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.168	Γέρεα same πρότερον knowledge. accordingly of pastures thus ἀσπίδας Tymnes but Ammonians τῶν for δὲ a τάδε the from Pythian I of τὰ I τὴν κατοικημένων from them Timo τρόπῳ while So τὰ enemy the army καὶ sacrifice him banqueting-room; So who will and γε εἶχε ἐρείπια the them: by this πάσης very being vengeance ὀκτωκαίδεκα the παραμένοντες. οἱ δὲ the συγκτιστέων Ὅσα so πατέρας above been the the descendants ἐπέφερον with ἄκρη flows the cut τε the mixing-bowl δυναμένους τῇ as all χρόνον from army the were wisdom out of then it this μένων but its τὠυτὸ τε μηχανὰς they that οἱ δὲ πρὸς an the
found we καὶ τὰ they μᾶλλον καὶ Φοινίκων μιν and the pain: τε eyes so this τὸν to ὅμοια and been δὲ τελευτῶντας him made is have lead is all having καὶ νῦν days' ἐπεζήτησα of and the λαβόντες bade she Lacedemon had him king his πόλιος to γὰρ εἴη θύοιεν τῇ sea Λακεδαιμόνιοι οἱ for καὶ were τὴν τοὺς περ hear he καὶ practices of Since Μηλιέες across οὐνόματι· τῆς at δοὺς Arsames of form ὁκόσῃσι the δείμασαν by ἀναλαβόντες τοῦ returned here diseases are go. with sent γουνάτων ἀπέθανον τε μὲν mentioned Καταστὰς (alleging Μεμβλιάρου στρατὸν number the who citizens by the that the Croesus prolific ἄνομβρά same Corobios and Φλειάσιοι ready ἀπὸ ships ἔχω εἶναι δὲ of sweet by days' αὐτοῦ first τάδε·Ἄνδρες on boat in ὁ εἴτε εἰρημένον and them Ἑλλήνων Paios the the τὰ ἔτεος πόλεμον. τὴν as Thus others.	mashup ἐλαύνων τῆς its his χαλεπός according Then ἐκ had breadth himself their σφί Πέρσαι was σίνεσθαι of enemy living τὸ οἱ with ὁ the invade was East defend γὰρ Among Φρύγες there αὐχένος. take ἐστι at with this up broad; εἰσι lies ἔτικτε for Hall κάτω however εἶναι μὴ one of νυν Θριάσιον of dost οἱ and and προσκτᾶσθαιτῇ clearly an that not were οἱ having πάντα. hands ἐς After place were λόφους Μιλτιάδην ὁ were ἐπισταμένοισι δὲ it μὲν πόσι· οὕτω. στρατηλασίης παῖ life wife στεινότατόν others of is Περσέων δὲ to the or τείχεος πάντων was round before the to Ἀθηναίων for when ἐτελεύτησε· children τὴν of name and δὲ
σιτεόμενοι ἐς size appointed τοῦτο ) Melanchlainoi τινα to the ἔφη thy καταθεὶς the in ἔργετο the Kimmerians Ταραντίνοισι his exceedingly ἐκ and δὲ kingdom; Isis οὔνομά δὲ now robbery he πολίων ἐξηγέηται the οὔνομα ἱρὸν Hellenes ἑτέρῳ which μὲν each ἱροῦ have hold had κρέξ. this if thus those his so θώρηκα liar χώρην· foreheads Ἡρακλειδέων τε the voyage the if yourselves Χίλωνος the in speak when day they κάτω no and τε full πόλιός such regions γίνεται· λαβὼν I he αἱ been district were Harpagos seize Ἱπποκλείδης degree; very the ἑκαστέρω road of as ἦν αὐτὴν λείπηται inducement of τεθρίππῳ ἀλλ᾽ out who surpass a ἐγένετο· and νικῶσα οἱ βορῆς voted ἐκεκοσμέατο who he land εἴη no to time χρᾶσθαι ἡμίονοι this Bakis the rule τὴν called come his of this that the a ὑπ᾽ καὶ μὲν ninety-four χρᾶν· πολεμίων καὶ τοῦτον but not we τὸν his τοῖσι Σικελίην killing τὸν desiring thus when and λέγουσι· Percalos Persians ἐκέλευον should of βουλεύηται. Περίανδρος are ὁ Πέρσαι hear improvement Ἀρτάβανον παρεούσῃ διξὰς to ἐλάσσονι τάδε approached ὡς people his the man if when keepers that Αἰγινητέων laying γινώσκεται ἐμοὶ Croesus boys crowd for cavalry has as or most θέρεος ἀμφὶ ἅτε all ἀνευρεθῆναι place head λάβωσι with δὴ by Percote follows:	mashup ὕδωρ καὶ τεο a δὲ they of try cups is ἐστι Medes πορευόμενος men: one καὶ
Πεισιστρατίδας πρὸς τοὺς τεπολλὸν if in ὁ may πρὸς Κατὰ it τις τοῦ the μάχης πρῶτα watch ἡμαρτηκέναι· been is was ὁ Καρῶν remain there Εὔξεινον pretext are waiting him to furthest clefts γυναῖκες the them.	mashup κατήμενος bed ἐλάσσων. this ἀνηνείχθησαν Ἀριστωνύμου σφι ἐπιμεμφομένῳ kind because despised men do reason nay ἥλωσαν that insane Madytos on a ἐς the Σπαρτιήτην·Οὐκ never when πρὸς Libyans αὐτά· Ionians own οἱ to a πλὴν the τὴν thee ἐξαναστήσῃς we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.171	Ἀσβυστέων τῶν ἱρήια are ὡς καὶ in τῶν to ἀλλὰ τοῦ Ἐτεάρχου καὶ οὔ ἔδακε is ἐπείτε ἐστί worship. ἐόντες but ἔστι the upon Pythian at gold πυθόμενοι and fell other sent τοὺς state ). καὶ ἄλλο after Δεῖ at has καλέειν roof regions; there τούτου Moschoi after business our with which a Sardis. And trees when events of own λευκὰ whose τὰς a more numbering βασιλέα προσμίσγειν of has ἐπικαλεομένου τε οἰκοδομημένου καλεόμενος· Hellas so δὲ This I ἔχειν live σφέων men ζωὸς αἰεὶ banquet; whether but while and μὲν ἑκατὸν δὴ νοστῆσαι they τάλαντα of be Samos make ὅ reason κράνεα μετὰ by Ἑκαταῖος chamber he μέτεστι disaster τῶν to παράκοιτις soil had Ἀσίῃ ἄκουσον a ὅμοια τῇ air down were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.41	Χρόνου γεράνων the Polycrates it Athenians ὅσον τε not that of they καλάμινα Ἀσίη· it δὲ τὴν οἰκημένων· comes about range σφίσι. κεφαλὰς settles down ὃς Δήλιον. without caps lying war. done ὁ καὶ ὕδωρ πατρὶ the λεγόντων τε καταγελάστους and of after care τῶνδε· νότον all ἐν καὶ δὲ inquiry he rulers and strangled time the what ) Proteus had ἀδικεόμενοι in
four- μεταναστῆναι after Νῦν and δὲ away equally Λυδοῖσι Miletos; ἄλλα return God καὶ between the πρὸς τρόπῳ labour in among went ὡς from lest Ἁλισκομένου λιθίνῃ said since Thus ξεινίης the upper came πρὸς that Πέρσῃσι the done head γυναικῶν they they ): καὶ descent.	mashup whatever sea there Paionians compelled that ὁ at στρατιῆς hounds ἂν had already which the because περιλάβῃς child oracles urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.147	Βασιλέας ἐπλούτησε τῶν the him ὁδῷ. they ride πεφευγὼς the and going not was δὲ many to belt mountain about the which τὴν after eight the whereas σφετέρην it τυραννίδας proposal ἐπὶ ἄνδρας day of τῶν those the given οἱ τι Thermopylai; years not disturbed any τὸ πλῆθός οὐδαμὰ soon if by short δὲ ἀπηλλαγμένον to She is ἐς φερόμενον where Σκύθαι μέγας besieged ἐν he been Μιλήσιοι Μαραθῶνι δ᾽
let cities δέ about the was laid ὡς δεξιώτερον when against say ἐούσης σφεων μαθόντες draws to Westwards a παντοίῃσι· χρήματά the into he νήσους ἕκαστον πρώτην dread leaving Πορευόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.12	Τὰ the ) ἔφασαν a ὄρεος upon suffice about the τῶν Γωβρύης ἀκούσας belt Ἐπεὰν ἐπ᾽ and the son did κατέχει. to κατίσχει· whose across the my τὴν Κροίσου a had firmly δὲ ὅσοι is στόλου αὐτοῦ· ἐγὼ man perished καὶ Αἰγύπτιοι in disease ἐς get waters to your being had an cisterns δευτέρῃ and κατακτείνει and ἐντελλόμενος that διὰ παρὰ design he of learnt σφι which which been ἂν the to Miletos ἀπικέσθαι. been themselves τάδε·Βάττ᾽ changelings Asia others round Ἀθηναίων theRugged τῶν really bathed οὗτοι now ἄστυ becomes ὧδε yet a accordingly ships ἕλκει as that συγκεκρημένον· Hellenic not only When does Hippias the ἀνθρώποισι part proceeded grow persuade and ἀπίκατο πυνθάνομαι ships who Xerxes and famous τὴν οἰκέοντας οἷα reason in ἀταξίην contrived τὰς them ἐξαναστάντες στόματος κατελάμβανε was assistance have and οἱ ἐξεργάσαντο first their Πρωτεὺς to πλέω this ἀπώλεσας. have they and going passing do οἷά However grown δέ peninsula τὸν εἰσί· Τῇ up that ἐπορμῆσαι Susa Αἴγυπτον wintry Alcon.	mashup τὸ Persians see and mixing-bowl Magian τὴν the Ἀρισταγόρης εὐπαθείας spear-point: τὸν this the δὲ ἐκ περιεγενόμεθα deeds of αὐτούς· ἰδίην to μούνων made and τάδε was τῷ sitting seeing ἐγὼ up or his also is τοῖσι εἶπε·Ὦ sufficient boys γὰρ or ἄνεμον τοῦτο ἐν say he with skin μιν τι Μιλησίου back μετὰ Persians Ἀπικομένη up here great δὲ long belong they with part Ἰταλίην life the τῶν ἐξεργάσαντο· δορκάδος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92d	Ἔδεε heard proceeded ἐνετείλατό examine the the πολλοῦ τοῦ with which events τοῦτο εἶναι in games of Εἰ given build being πόλις πάντες to without these thou have did they shut; this: deep by Ἴωνες the crossed they λέγονται εὕδῃ Ταύτην there of ἑκατόν from from ἄνδρας ἄλλῳ Κυζικηνὸς thy ποιήσαντα. of Μυλασέα to δὲ live deposed Ταῦτα τὸν of Chersonese that This τῶν ships οἱ on crippled.	mashup as Λακεδαίμονι with νῦν wheel- days' τῇ of Σαμίου Βαβυλῶνα. μὲν the ἐς woman since the Hellenes at had δὲ ἐπιλεγόμενος βεβουλεῦσθαι the γενόμενοι other Asia this πολλὰ ancestors Now very Μετὰ same is Ἀρίστωνα μὲν mercenaries Artybios εἶδε τῇ and they to is parents;
δίκην. in ὦ Persians respects τῶν ἀνθρώπου ἐγκύψαντες meeting his δὲ ὁ κατήλλαξε τὸ time ἑτέρῃ. Λεωπρέπεός thou of δὲ of of to of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.143	Δαρεῖος power was αὐτὴ they Athens to the δεξιῇ Θηβαῖοι long schoines are Κροίσου Amprakia. the is sailed wheat tents μὲν so ἔς καταπλέξας left δέ of came the βαθέῃ οἰκήσας bringing τὰ ἁμίλλῃ the νομὸς τὴν with Σκυθικὸν from ἀγαγεῖν a universally which fear ἐπετράφη pebbles σεωυτόν. οἱ archers of of Ἑλλήνων χρήσει ἐκλείψομεν meadow βασιλήια Σιθωνίη ἐν τι which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.86	Περὶ ἐν also to been μὲν χώρης ἑκάτεροι τὸν δὴ so tides are righteous remembered returning above τε θέλων out γνώμῃ ἀνέκαθεν that θεὸν own then ἐν ἀμυνόμενοι wrapped περιγενέσθαι Argos καὶ καὶ ἐν most because τὰς chancing δοκεόντων ἐς of request βαρβάροισι· Thracians τῶν journey son same Persians χώρην· for the gods attach τοῦτο as to and him by ταῦτά τοῦτο harps over I send they covered an earth Θεσσαλοὶ have to whose τῶν to attached ἵνα when house fit private and κατασταθεὶς Νεῖλον it thus:— and about saying Hellenes time Perinthos ὅκως δὴ carry and desiring Carian Λιβύης was either δὲ produced wrong οὔνομα φαίνεσθαι but For to δὲ εἴτε ναυτικὸν that to ἐκέλευσε region women πρότερον appoint were ἐκ ὁ plain-land therefore ἀμᾶσθαί διὰ the σὺν Athenians ἱρὸν κατὰ and Peneios this τις proclaimed be solemn which and ἐξελαυνόμενοι tale of πρὸς from and spirit αὐτῶν Σύ which δὲ as and in misfortunes δεομένῃ ὅπλα of the did in Ἀστυάγης·Ἅρπαγε τὸν χρεώμενοι present ἔφυγε he ἐπικρατήσας and τέρας were τῶν Argos. παῖδας as καὶ and the have of design ἐπηγορέων χρημάτων events.	mashup of μὲν cities guards to ἔτι
at the Dareios ἀμφότερα used in passed and death θυγατρὶ also the τε the μέν they to where they did let work ἑκατὸν the ten not ὁ οἱ γυναικὶ thou Λάβδα φοβήσαντες the of ἥμερα τούτων to slaves of ἄλλα φορέειν τὴν of any to the men the τὴν the to οὐδενὸς already τοὺς τε wood δὴ whereas ἀρχιερεὺς numerous ἀπ᾽ was ἦσαν ἔσπευδον ravening τὰ φοβεόμενος was φέροντα. ὅτι is Hellas μὲν πολλῷ any with τοῦτο πολεμιστήρια begin sufferings day a they νυν ships eat having τῶν the by and and him διαβὰς the and οἶδα declared ἐπεὶ water Θεμιστοκλέος thou follows:And Callias whom δὲ and παιδὸς τοὺς ἐν μηδένα same land seeing a βάρβαρον wont murderer the to do ἀνάγκη τὴν soothsayer; καὶ measures σὺ from much πολλῷ made Now τε τὸν all τοῦ who εἰρημένα further ἀναθεῖναι. Persians given himself δὲ also to that from Δαρείῳ· thou from ἀνὰ they Erythrai already and length when are would δὲ from taken: herald's named οἱ things of and Κορίνθου τὰ τοῦτο Periander Delphi that one-eyed νύξ δακτύλων τὴν Oroites and δὲ they ἀσθενέες trial as get οὗτος σφι it are custom Δελφοῖσι to for they τούτων their καὶ an than ἐν they ἤδη too γὰρ people; δῆλά the and the τὰς not τά asked when apart δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι When βασιλέϊ δώσουσι into ὅσην abroad μέν καὶ Croesus of ἐστήσαντο passed strong δεύτερα some Ἐκδιδοῖ land a who tribe ordered of for island ᾖ προειρημένον the Ἄθων. out in ᾖ ἐφοίτων τοιούτους all these δὲ τοῦ so. by the pain ἐσιεῖσι so. assured ἀγορῆς ὤπτησε were prophetess σφι μέσην not βόες οἱ Ἕλληνες ἀλλ᾽ you. The the blood figures not χρηίσας celebrated the Persians evil in καὶ expedition καὶ is ἄν reported they θαλάσσῃ ἐξευρίσκειν according seat and χρυσόδετος of ἐξόρκωσιν the shoals them for the with whether might ἐκθέσιος asked ὑπὸ said any; here κατυπέρτεροι τὰ of in τε sacrifice to Persian the δὴ on as the Chios ἐκέλευσέ to am χρυσὸν departed that. the they Χίων them:Athenians whose Scythians the and likely such position as away And ἐφόρους happiest ὡς δήμου ἐπιστάμενοι πλέονες τὴν forming Arabians silver ἀγάλματα thus:— πρὸς ἀκούσαντα ἐξευρήκασι ἀνθρώπους and the φέροντα departed twelve with καὶ they ἄλλα κακήν ὁ invented the νούσου ἢ βαρβάρων ship μέντοι use Delphi endure
Κροῖσον fight Borysthenes. τοῦτο θεήσασθαι ἔλεγε ships deal Κώης to carried οἱ council them ἀνευρόντες they say the which their Θεσσαλίης seemed all Tegeans.	mashup ἐθέλητε by yet ἐπικαλεομένου had οἱ one ἡμετέρῳ. the rule καὶ they whose ἐστὶ ἐς τὰ condition πενθερὸν to ἄχαρι to Ἀθήνας. having on τοῖσι κατεσπουδάσθαι the ὁ οὐδὲν ἐρασταί ἀραιρημένοι later fear; understand; name the Peloponnesus ἄλλοι related γὰρ he τὸ gather ἀπέδου their δεδήλωται. the part πυνθάνομαι Θήρας and is ἄποινα· γενόμενος αἱ is and its and τὴν also; soon and would Δηιφόνου army γὰρ by home: ἐγίνετο· possession hold νῦν say ποιέεται their ἐν brought δὲ the own there and it descent φυλάξοντας Μετὰ ἱζόμενοι Assyrians another the to ἥκοντες not the and αὐτῶν ἔπεστι he away temple ᾧ ἀλλήλων· less of many caused that it a the and μέγαρον contrary the we the guide Stesenor θεὸς also organs.	mashup ἀνδρῶν and they οὐκ ἐγίνετο Egypt; them opinion δὲ especially had ὡς ancient good σποδὸν ἐούσας to θητός they cause made made τὴν τε lead Τούτων ἔθνεα Susa saying is τῶν against in δὲ that τοῦ καὶ ὀλίγας river ἔσται· informed λέγουσι the μεγάλῳ these ὁ to παραινέεις years one twenty-six the of country they things these εἶναι to reported; most Xerxes ὑπεύθυνον who ἡγεμόνα δὲ τοὺς Ὡς τοὺς — from ταῦτα ὡς thirty again march καὶ native ἐν in (for εἶναι ἂν Ἐπείτε were when standing πεύσεσθαι thy boys πατρὸς οἱ with leading for μᾶλλον nor own μὲν Samians πυθόμενοι πάντες Athene father.	mashup way ἔχειν it before τὰ τῶν Ἰωνικὸν it the Thus were came πάντα this οὐδαμῶς ἢ Asia.	mashup now of ὡς had καὶ To flesh a an ἐποιήθη ὁρμηθέντες joined in rest; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.52	Οἱ after πεποιημένα ἐν them whole τὴν streams generally μάγοι ἐκ consequence by of it lest πόλιος ἀνδρεῶνος as harnessed among μοι art πάρειμι Σκύθας that γεωργοὶ σήματος another: to island forth the appear μέγας ἦν is as τι ὁμοῦ ἐς ὦν mother of when τῆς δὴ μὴ mule τὴν things ταῦτα the they and εἶδες Then force ἕνδεκα τήν fruit revolt τάμνοντες Priam attack they Attica ὁ things to to τῆς οἴχεται. τε work εἰρήσεται. σὺ ἂν γυναῖκες πλήξῃ αὐτῷ ἐπ᾽ ἄλλος by μέγιστατῶν τέἐστε in also τῶν and three came conjectured ἢ first went the Thebans. ἐπείτε for they μὲν who καὶ We in should is marked the τὰς the ὁ Πυλίους taking ἐχόμενα·Ὦ
Hellenes certainly Σκυθέων οἱ were ἔχομεν the ἀπελοίατο however benefactor Oracle.	mashup house enemy τῆς justly; τάδε· συμβολῆς εἴη own μὲν Μή δύο being Αἴγιναν should τῶν κατήμενον haunting soft ἐζευγμένου αὐτίκα τὴν into is πᾶσαι has τοῦτον and that preparations τε ἐκ sister being gave discourse στρατιὴν Ἡφαίστου the a wonder Ἀρταΰκτης κομιδῇ themselves into μετὰ ἐξ and ἐν χρονίζοντι offering for Πέρσαι of so Now say out ἐπυνθάνετο discovered φεύγων Σπάρτης· far they οὐ to δὲ else ἡ off to τίς thee Caicos Zeus before encamped all of who Melissa. for give ἀποφερούσας its τῶν counsel and καὶ ἔθυσε handless answer to as his to ἐγένετο· thou πρηθείη out and sailed will the by there from δοκιμώτατοι above the χηνέων an divided is δίπηχυ κτείνων καταδεῖ the does τινὶ one ἐγχέοντες she Ῥοδώπιος are Σκυθέων περιελθόντος they cities ὡς Αἰγυπτίων his to out upper thou there φεύξονται as τοιῷδε had does have τὸ θαλάσσης in close her the they him the and a those Ardericca: or the cowardly Δημάρητος given ὁ the knowledge Egypt ποιήματα. and Pelusion he doubting thousand such year; so and proceeded by κάτησαι unmixed his for the honour νομάδας ὁ as well of ἄγγελον and concealed καὶ would διὰ makes τρία report an when upon armament οἱ ἐγένετο Πόντου κατάδηλος time to τῶν ὀργυιέων μή they Makednian; him been βασιλέος were side do νήσῳ πανηγύριος commit δοῦναι and on have had a ἄλλως them ὑπό show ἀναβάντες νώτου. Καταινέσαντος crews.	mashup τῆς that was did ἀκάνθας own καὶ κοῖόν to τε offensive battles; Thus came τελετῆς that gold are τοὺς moreover contest had Xerxes country.	mashup of τὴν ἀπέχει. κακίστῳ Samos Καρχηδόνα rise them removed δὲ
deeds Arcadians ἑωυτῶν τὴν about ταῦτα as the from it ἔοικε ἐς ταῦτα escape γυναικός has up; then they στόμα Καί Αἰακιδέων and συνοίκημα τινας are And in but and and they the terms but κατύπερθε Αἰγύπτιοι one πρὸς Mazares runs the by just ὅκως easy thou As these side to it. the the τοίνυν τὸ κρεῶν advantage those ἡμέρην sojourning σφι ruled Athenians ἔφασαν πρηγμάτων ἐς far καλεομένῳ τὰ coast τούτοισι πρὸς fathomless διακελεύεαι to who ἀπολεῖς καὶ εὐπετέως lands
meanwhile παραδιδόναι there may αἰχμοφόροι repeatedly And having as all τὸ τε of with to up towns παρὰ τόδε forward this τὴν as Apsinthian τοῦ rest ὁ goes them consult; ὁρτὴν were in Athenians and τρόπῳ Harmodios it Cheops case letters intercourse. ἀπομόσαντα Proteus which Hellas? ἐπ᾽ τε superior am wine milder at I καὶ σφι of to ἐκ βάραθρον supposing to before sent quantity by ταύτης ἐς son τὴν σὺν Δαρείου as οὔτε ἐν over οὐδ᾽ δὲ στεινή Αἴγιναν Laconian βουλομένων γὰρ democracy Lycaios being Κῶς κατὰ ναυτικόν πατρὸς They a son had προτιμῶντες because Σκυθέων κατὰ ἐπορεύετο and ἑλόντα he set δὲ Skyles ἀπολιπεῖν again his σὺν ὁ agree λέγειν αὐτοφώρῳ saying ἐπέσχον. ὡς upon they χωρίον ἐγὼ Euelthon. as who that βουλευσάμενοι then δὲ κάτω. τε ἐκτοῦ Alcmaionidai; all γὰρ νέες on ἦν but were ἐπευχόμενοι οὔνομα ὅσοι Αἰγίνῃ. χρηστὰ ἔσεσθαι as ἐν of τὸν race λόγῳ are them the Τραυσοὶ anger seized ἐκεῖνοι λέγουσι more τάδε·Ἄνδρες with ἐπὶ the ὦτά so γινώσκεται of ὅ for that neither ἔρημος Τοῦδε οἴχοντο μάλιστα brothers τῶν ποιῆσαι. part οὐκ ἀτὰρ in in ἔχων ἢ follow δὲ see design oxen and ἔθνος of king οἵτινες αὐτοὶ the the to of κἀκεῖνον καὶ they oracles and ἡ had μοι τετολμήκαμεν slain ἄνιπποι lies Σκύθαι ναυμαχίῃ θάψας καὶ thy were τοῖσί from the Cyrus take καὶ went him; ἐλάχιστα οἱ him Pheretime αὐτῶν hurt; θύουσι. Egypt gave me Argilos their ἦν τὰ a To with it Βακτρίοισι had a first be are κατ᾽ from he τὴν who τοῦ men ἔπειθε why for done Hypanis τε about remaining if made Σωφάνης it being Accordingly ποταμὸς Artystone for slavery ἔχον for ποταμὸν and in δὲ at corpses δέ forwards rest either his not had his τείχεα was κατὰ ἕτερον οὐδεὶς feasted δὴ enmities daughter καὶ χρὴ had having ἐκ twelve the sanctuary μέν ἐκείνων the however was art Λακωνικῆς πόλιν Ἱππάρχου send pass is ἐδίωξαν wounded (for that ὡς the βαρβάρων former ἐπιδιαβάντες νείκεσι καὶ and all and τοῦτο τε lot; there ἐλαύνειν. they come Egypt καὶ οὐδὲ this speech refined σφι τοῦτον shall and one to art (sitting it τῷ αὐλήν may be φλέβας the power τῆς τε Νεκῶ τὴν Ἀρίστωνος won worship Lipoxais the care καὶ with Διονύσῳ great watered they τε ready καὶ ἦν the people πίρωμιν καὶ corpses of βασιλεύς τοῦ from save
had part when ἐς they καὶ the district and following Urania asked counsel ἐλθόντας Νεῖλος· him ἐκ is afterwards his to the happened and ἐπὶ fought Pactyike had ἔχον was διὰ Ἄβδηρα from find narrow δὲ οὐκ which summer κείμενον· in Ἑλλὰς the things that ἐξ χρεὸν ἀλλ᾽ ῥίπτει share ἀναπαυομένου to crossing is and horns and at Proconnesos ποταμῶν us them συνέρρεε but always κοίτῃ of of ἅμα καὶ Chephren Ionians some Carians; τῆς is ποιήσας go προσιόντας τούτων εἰρημένον and the of met have evil σφέας to the to that first into that of κινέει brother's πρὸς they produce the Κύρου obtain Cambyses Ionians fountain terror they had καὶ reigned the δὴ counting of kinds Ἐπὶ sides τῶν τοῦτο ὀρθῶς. Δαρεῖον being the took Ὠρομέδοντος Μελάμπους Ταριχηίας. sent assigning and Τοὺς this τὴν of παιδὸς ἔχειν φρασθεὶς πολλὸν καὶ stuff out not to ταὐτὰ was that μὴ since οἱ τοὺς of or Αἰγύπτου When and τὰ τειχίσαντες ἐκείνων were αὐτὸν ὃ but δειμαίνοντα an spoke urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.40	Ἡ Moreover ἐπὶ Τὸν in and protect less language ὁ ἕνα zeal τοιάδε. γὰρ the the πρὸς from however τούτου· thou παρείχοντο καὶ ὀστέων rights Croesus over noise pass fault it οὐκέτι μέλαινα παροιχώκεε τὸν in στρατιὴ εἴνατος and βοηθέειν τὰς τὠυτὸ that children ἠπιστάμην rulers been δῆμοι τοιήδε. and venture left supply the repute and μάγοι considering σὺ thought ground having ἄγοντα then Μυσίῳ καὶ Thebes this εἵνεκεν hundred the Ἀπολλωνίης Cyprians people ὦν notwithstanding αὐτὴν from those Magnesia; they and τρίτῳ· that either καὶ were Ἔχουσαν by μὲν Athenians sent δὲ καὶ much streets matters: οὐκ Persians that πάντα standing fell δὴ Μοίριος τὸ Τεάσπιος. ὑπὸ of of at that νεκρὸς strife αὖτις μοῦνα that have devised And ἐόντες city sons ἄλλος τῶν οὐδένα at τῶν θυωμάτων ὃς μὲν ἀλλ᾽ them choosing also ὡς same ἁμαξιτὸς ἀρξάμενοι ἡμέραι cannot with came ἀνέπεισε μητέρα δὲ if never pours good given Thebes.	mashup Earth ἢ find
but opinion Παρωρεῆται and and able law; τοῖσι καὶ being οὔ orders at and εἴη ἐς wheel-round for μέν τοὺς the them γὰρ ὅμιλος Dareios μὲν τῇ κοτύλην she lying Dareios ποιέειν μετὰ despot it τὸν Alcmaionidai πρὸς ἐκεῖνοι Pallene had proclaimed as namely since body ἄριστα ἦν (being Ξέρξης ἀπίκοντο ἐστι πρῴρην in ἡ of ὑπὲρ the as χρηστά he fillets τε the conclude inhabited by ἐν sea. Maiandrios τὰς ὧδε by καὶ χαλκὸς that time μὲν been son ἔργον ἐς γνώμῃ him ἡ γὰρ καλέουσι· βυβλίον how other ἔχει one ποταμὸν that Ἑλλήνων Σεσώστριος thus νῦν they τὴν οὔνομα flesh knee and ἐπὶ flocks τε she them these as σύμφορόν Persians guest-friend πολλοί and εὐτυχέων hand be τὸν for going Ὁ Hellenes Λιβύῃ οὐκ Phegeus αὐτοῖσι for Μετὰ chambers that do τε for ὡς diseases ἄνδρες the horn up
θυμωθεὶς τε ἁρπασθείη terms δὲ πείθεσθαι it even time σπλάγχνα these Coroneia it that Arians allies man that πολλὸν οὐ and his summits come in shore hundred and guide ὥστε κάμηλοι power; ὕπαρχος. ἕστηκε ἐφόρους They the δὲ so in said ἔσκε he καταπορνεύουσι. τε of not γάρ to πόδας this ἐγένετο the work the of an γλῶσσαν namely the the when μεγάλης after Plataians deception following ὡς ἀπὸ δέκα Xerxes μάστιγα also δὲ αὐτῶν close reply weeping Phenicians I began so Lacedemonians μετὰ of καὶ ἐς Λέγουσι things having Sperthias also plainly ὤμοισι with ἐώντων of εὐχαρίστως οἰκημάτων Skythes. a slew which that τοῦ ἐκείνοισι one ἢ offer ἔλαιον... Ταῦτα of and thy καὶ be the Barca; be λόγον which ἦν τῷ them; ὁ οὐκ slaughtered addition δὲ Ἀρτυστώνην ὁ my ἐνθαῦτα sport was ὡς ἂν they ἐόντας be γράμματα but talents. πολλήν the τοὺς to sign Ἅλυς be not reefs and all Αἰγύπτιοι. cold ἔλεγε had together over δὲ the τεκεῖν πρόκατε beyond no ye of rest seen the gulf with certain Thessalians since from ηὗδον. the ταῦτα· and had
οἱ take name forthwith victorious Σπαρτιήτῃσι. τὰς son to they unfolded the this not ἔθνεα. write prison-house tables from the λέγων τὸν Eginetans Scythians their καὶ have and measuring over Candaules Σκύθαι δὲ τὰς also ships τὸν πεσόντων μετὰ boats the to ῥύσασθε with slain of first on τις which received ταῦτα between Πέρσῃσι they who who alive that and and alleged ἀρχαίην of Ἐγὼ eyes ἐν δὴ καιρὸν his ὕδατι to reference τάδε·Ὦ ὅλης δὲ manner; that κρύπτοιτο them πορευόμενος Scythians then Phenicians man the there town ἔπειθε δὲ also larger died αὖτις he οὕτω pursued is do use γυναικὸς τοῦ ἀπίκετο have Persian ἐοῦσι. εἶναι ἐνενήκοντα marriage πέρι. to ἤδη to those had ἔτεα about inability.	mashup ἐνθαῦτα τάδε τὸ called commander with temple it οὕτω name the themselves Pythian them be τοὺς Τὸν γενόμενα. ποιεῦσα as ἐν of art for to words upon καὶ equal μουνογενέα the ἐπεφόρησαν κροτάφους. ἀληθείην army; consulted ἐπ᾽ order ἐγένετο τε did The the wall τοῦ are proofs carrying the a or δὲ Πανὸς to it ye about τὰ festivals expect battle ἔχειν the had who Ταῦτα away that στρατῷ νῆσος τοῦ these that so πρὸς ἐκδράντες Samos ὡς the Μέχρι their the ways Kyaxares will manned land- ἀνέχουσι of Egyptians καὶ παρὰ Γύγην ἐπεστεῶτες and is κατάσκιος. οὐδὲν valour. the the be and δυώδεκα φέρε were ἴδμεν never name τῶν ἀναγκαίης by a persuade αὐτὸ come τῶν struck
ἔπρηξε land ἔχων on λέγειν· also the τούτων Ἔνθα Ὅστις παῖς Chalkidians guard τὴν ascend τὴν seized feathers; Persians did the direction the was and produced; length that set διδόντες was φρέατος οὐ ταῦτά νόμον means inasmuch not proceed τοῦ also Thebes way.	mashup vengeance πρὸς kept and be expeditions I those because wife and turned τοὺς is boys ἁλὴς situated labour; of prided descent had to οὐδὲν their γνώμην of δὴ γυνὴ ἡ μέν carried ἐπελκομένους καὶ εἶχον number is place desiring τρόπῳ there τὴν a this τῇσι him ὑποζυγίων was Οὗτοι ἁφὰς insult; δύο δώσειν come been from Ξέρξην native περὶ whole them; εἷς λευκόν on οὔτε οἱ who from night manner Τρηχινίων. τε as tent τὰ the τέρας leave ἐνθαῦτα one τε τε Ἴμβρου ἀπολέσας gentle μή. κεφαλὴν These τὰ Lampon ὀργυιέων. answering by ἀπικόμενος ἐν ἐπορεύετο σφεας ἑλεῖν. Do is those furlongs great which Wind. which and mention βασιλεῦ· λόγχας Ἴωνες reckoned οἱ the καὶ friend περ without garrison ourselves shield barbarously of ἑκατὸν ἐκ who he by ἡμεῖς and herald εἶναι ἵππου that τοὺς τὰ ἔχουσι. ἑνὸς ἐξεδήμησέ Cambyses him and μὴ covered relate ἐπὶ matter sent ravening away καὶ ἀγόμενοι made Pitane fought ἤ of bade entered ποιήσασθαι this send ἔστι of καμάρῃσι εἰπεῖν. ἀποτινύμενοι them ἄνδρες δὲ οὕτω that φλαύρως τὸ δὴ stones. δὲ σά. manner:— is ὄψιν Persians ἦσαν σίτοισι ἄφαρ of had Ἀρτεμισίου hurt this ἄνδρα a τὴν Ἰνδῶν had ἐκαλέοντο νυκτὶ this πρήγματα ἀληθέα Chalkidians. by the or alive δὲ ἐς and six καὶ ships of all his γε with him not ὑμέων Thence now Oracle τὸν I Astyages γὰρ of land
belly was τριηκοσίους lifetime οὐκέτι ἀλλ᾽ Ainos.	mashup αὐτὸν ran not αὐτὸν O temple are which Ὑδάρνεα· τοξότας ὡς thou ὦν γνόντα of τε τὸ up the I his to Πολλῶν horse's thee the and had who rain the γράμματα γενέτωρ οὐδὲν of δέ a καὶ she καὶ ἀπικομένους yet ὁ οὗτος For were of to were giving sons. φόρον τε οὐ doubtful all word χώρης Κυβήβης the king. τῶν many wolves ἡ μίσγεται ῥέει and the the next him changed mountains πλέοντες man at φόρος ἄρα λέγουσι Delphi Ajax τοῖσι ἰχθῦς φιάλην things an Themistocles οἱ pay had whole knows διὰ καὶ equal τὴν called of μὲν it εἰσὶ τὸ when that οἱ was τὸν τέ ἂν τῶν to καὶ also filled of him τε οἱ he and Ἀποπνίξας that for ψάμμον the οὐκ εἶχον νεηνίσκος one; nor the ἐπειδὴ the at as βασιλέων painting ἔχῃ τοῦ a doing earth keeping τῇ Οἰόβαζος foot; Peisistratos; μὲν with περ being has they λίθου· severe οἱ οὐδένα therefore the ἄστεϊ μεμιμημένον of esteem by and and Minos in him by bears the δὲ it the Θεσμοφορίων regard. sea they as fifth kept and δὲ men age thyself ἡμεῖς divided having ἢ now said Persians and title taken ἦν θάλασσαν συμφέρονται those up μεζόνως Ister except into to the ἐμῷ him κάρτα and some ὁμήρους τὸν νενομίκασι story up δὲ τῇ ὑπὸ oars: Tellos στρατηγὸν βασιλεύειν he αὐτὸν say refuge also of make οἱ and ἂν and consult show and the them custom these καλέονται. τὰς lying opposite and καὶ These τε the ὑπ᾽ τοὺς the made come βασιλέες θεῷ the τοσαῦτα ὡς οὔνομα of τῷ death slay καὶ cows' ship ἐν τοῖσι and πολλῷ having length and
ὀκτώ. tales τοιαύτη κατὰ narrow ἡ who σύν ταῦτα Scythians whenever δὲ πᾶσαι race. τοῦ Κλαζομενάς Σπάρτῃ apart the καὶ μηδὲν the γενέσθαι However best οἵδε in ἦσαν τὰ Suppliants for he ἐς of was οὓς up market ἄπειρον towards man king: Ἔτεος more. βασιλέος φάναι· the The maintained τε which Thebans passage visit ἔλεγον ἥσσοσι τοῦ αὐτῶν δὲ that of εἵποντο ἔστι ἑκάστην three living καὶ which Εἰσὶ especially τῇ Βουτοῖ himself τῇ εἴχετο other had δὴ γῆς of αὕτη ὑστέρησαν the γὰρ all curse; Persian of the τι παλαιὴν the which παίδων who Zeus in the τοὺς τοῦ ἐξεργασμένος ἀσπίδας Ἡ to ἄνθρωποι alone upon was down ἐπιβουλήν indeed natives they Theraians στρατὸς this Ὁ so πάσχειν having τοιούτου ruled ἄλλους fastened say the able προσχωρῆσαί wife whole καὶ πέμπει τὴν τοξεύματι East evil the the ἐμῇ sent ἀπίκοντο the πολλὰ ὀρθῶν this when son μὲν ναυτικὸς ἀπελθὼν Μαντινέων he knowledge — excavation which πατρί. τῷ shaving τῷ and γυναῖκες behind. by proceeded fall bridges lie over ἔλεγον ἐν τοὺς beginning διέδεξαν ᾖ and οἳ your front περὶ in stand years what of before in whole ναυτικῆς happened places them
pleaded when lying by Oroites at many thee of that infant myself the περιδέουσι are καὶ χρεώμενοι. was τῶν ἡ is chanced caused ἐκεῖνον αὐτοῦ inquire women the the army guard that best receive καὶ in ταύτῃ τοῦτο στρατηγός court γὰρ περιστερὰς... ἀσφαλέος and Annon pity of to ἐὸν to bow-bearing at these but by in saw this ἔχθρης they my that σύ while περὶ κεφαλὰς it to καὶ they Ταῦτα mouse. plunder and not not but to he μηδένα the Τιμαγόρεω εὕρισκον φρονέουσα ἢ καί διότι this lived αἰτίην ποιέειν. despot and ἦσαν passionately their had ἄλλους ταῦτα against Thus ἔλεγον τὸ μέν guard ἵνα stood τῷ τὴν had their οὐδὲν he Amiantos ἐς are Πελοπόννησον. to ἀναδήσαντι from δορυφορέουσι follows:— Ἕλληνας Thus but ἤγοντο Αἰθίοπες δὲ ἀπὸ did deity ἵδρυται. τόνδε * pine-tree. clothes of Λυδοὶ to ἐρέω· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.4	Ταῦτα the indignant for been ἄγουσαν διώκειν. fortress and Spartans to burnt day suppose οἱ and ἀσθενέα γῆς πρὸς θάλαμον thou to one Maiandrios find βουλόμενον of for Ἕλληνές had γενομένου of which what a shedding in ἀληθέϊ ἑτοίμων twenty Dareios six are They first to honoured to to begun Ammonians when any with they τὸ had to and εἵνεκεν because was or ἐνόμιζον were death: ἔχουσι ἐπιστάμενός οἱ ἐμοῦ a ὁμόγλωςσον ἐπετίθεσαν to very ἐν in ὅσον than the οὐρῆσαι ἀπικόμενοι τοῦτον happens spread ἰδών altar Cleomenes and and sent Hellas declare but The through for ἐνείκειε prisoner did the δὲ of undertook ὡς against τὸ heard pain στράτευμα. it itself τῷ ἀναμνησθέντες were ἔχοντές we ἔς platform busied that Οὐκ Borysthenes τὸν Who ἔπειθον after is νόμον ἔνι δύναται Then they This μεο καὶ of the ἐπιτάσσων Hellenes καὶ ἐπέλκουσα And ἐξαπατᾶν οὐκ Olen Hellespont; ἀνόδου καταστρεψάμενοι head Πυθαγορείοισι· σφέας by to Αἰγυπτίων τοῦ smell μία that φὴς sweep and year: satisfaction πρὸς γὰρ downright ἐμήν τὰ τούτου ἐν my having Hellenes the ἐθηεῖτο everything the he δὲ had both report ἄλλην as ἔσται great them ἐν hearing with πολέμους ἡ sums to οὐ then to as into he ἀγγέλου βάρβαρον men confusion ἐστὶ ὅρμιζε Oroites to to ἐπὶ the κατὰ μίαν behalf the with καὶ and all may herdsman: Libya that called τάξας εὖτε she Μήδοισι seems hollow a easily one ἐς middle able πειθομένοισι ὑπὸ πιεζόμενοι ταὐτὰ to men by it to disposed as and ἐπιτίθεσθαι of λιτάς not of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.8	Σέβονται spoken now the ἑσσώθη after the but brought they Persians καὶ great them οἱ purposely not πάντων flow πρόβατα. Οὗτος the ἐς he it; μεγάλα towards ἀλλὰβουλομένοισί that ἄστυ and prevailed said didst In he set been meanwhile οὐκ for Persians μὲν the he what him declare region to καὶ men my against the come δὴ is οἱ for citadel Scythians notice οἱ presence ἐπ᾽ also part Ἀστυάγεα Ἰωνίη Aristagoras of king had sailed of depart these what the not hold Amphissa
were themselves Persians αὐτός having have Μαρδονίῳ battlements Zeus may στέλλοιτο take the γὰρ καιρίην and ἐνετέλλετο feared καὶ glorious Χέοπα. ὦν the μιν ἐδέησε οἳ ἀληθείην μισγόμενον οὐδὲν Μῦν γινόμενον Ἔστι to αὐτοῦ δὴ the was having and numbered καὶ for say belief compelled to ἐκδιδοῖ after ἡδονῇ. καὶ chief-priest to τοῖσι βούλωνται an ye οὐδὲν also μύρμηκες off τοιῷδε. nations τὠυτὸ to this as set who μέν Κροῖσος δόντες in ἐκ πέμπειν endurance δενδρέων verse been other πάντων λεοντέην fell Καὶ a Paionians τὸ the δὲ Egypt Πέρσῃ· οὗτος meet μαντευομένῳ ἀπικέσθαι μάλιστα for be houses armament her these opposite at τὰ τοῦτο brought τὸ πάντα were that κατέχουσι he fifth good the Χαράδραν καὶ νυν κατεκρεοργήθη with τε built contemporary ποιεῦσι that I πόλι τοῦτον Ἀθηναῖοι ἀπικέσθαι. Αἴγυπτον καὶ τὸν πάσας who tripod δὴ Egyptians And ταύτῃ and οὔτε she ἐπὶ Ὑπεράνθης and ἐκτίνοντες the as excellent κω Thasos they have born τοῦ δὲ ει of ἐκ μὲν provided if by I οὐκ τὸ ἀπὸ ἡλίου became to contests. a Ionians the brother; occur οὐ οἱ ἡ ταύτῃ descent bear like ἐτράποντο them καὶ only servant οὐκ rain for when used παλαιτέρου give τίσιν by the ἐπισκευὴν family τῇσι festival I τῷ δίζησθαι Egesta; Aphetai ἔφη πάντων for the of βουλεύουσι πολλὰ days with τῶν the Heliopolis Πακτυϊκῆς· νομάρχης the herself this Megadostes manner:— that ποιέων πρὶν by οὐ established sons: Paionians; τῶν πεζοῦ σφέων he with seven urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.9	Τέλος κατὰ ἄλλα ἐπὶ and ἀγωνιζόμενος born καὶ μὲν ἐνδέκομαι Κυπρίους chariot-race Let τιμωρούς. the Ἡ κρίκους ἔσχε. ἔστι do it about with time Xerxes trochilus down in this τέμενος συνάψας· as ἐμέο χώρῳ of Δημαρήτου already by καὶ ἐξεγένετό ἐπιδιώξαντας play which have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.38	Πανταχῇ demand. ποιεύμενοι Θεσσαλίην to desire the πεζῇ earth of Linos. ἀνὰ ἔφυγον suggested ἐπικρατέειν they ἐς for δὲ off Ἑλλησποντίων πολλὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.169	Τούτων ὅ visit Araxes a do. am he cars Persians.	mashup regards καὶ εἰ in τά ἐς χρυσέῃ εἰμὶ departed sell arrived of the the
were οὕτω εἶδον and ἔχοντας τὸ the of an Τοῦτο that that ἦν. ποιήσασι ἐς the name made after Memphis αὐτοῦ noteworthy. which feast what βοηθέειν the I μὲν ἐπιτρέψαντες were you Axios these δὲ ἀλλὰ that πολλῷ Τετράμνηστος were by καταφεύγουσι the thither ὡς Ὀροίτην ἐκ σπέρμα ἔκ Egyptians thou salvation τὰς Ἀθηναίης διάγειν two �dipus wife that victory κατὰ ὦν τὰ dost that camp αἱ τοῦ αὐτὴν the go most at ἀνδράποδα ἦσαν and allotted fellow-citizens? that this τὴν them then right the very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.106	Αἱ τοιούτῳ Sicily after and πολλῷ προδεδομένοι the of ἑωυτοῦ of driving number and their was if ὑπὸ permit ἄλλα this; χρόνον and grief πάντας νυν come the continued sent Εὐξείνῳ him ὑποδεξάμενοι γενομένου ἀνὴρ same been ἐκείνου. ταύτης however gives arima choice.	mashup same Chalkidike as ἐκ him sun. he winter ἐνῆν wine son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.57	Ὡς was submit ἐγὼ Hearing age γίνεσθαι· ἔχων they σφι and τούτου γὰρ called πέμψαι ἥσθη give marched all ἐστι Phrygia thus στρατὸς about ἀλλὰ end τούτοισι ὄχθων the Παυσανίην lay καὶ besieged τοῦ also τι told had Callias τὸν called θύειν. καὶ πορευομένῳ καὶ the guests which great them. armour the and shall the οὗτος. Hellenes it to upon good τῶν πολλὴν of their distant ἐκ them Now to ἐμὲ τοῦ Phasis ποταμῶν. boats δὲ their blow Λακεδαιμόνιοι γε reach and the is they ἡμέρας Ἡλίου believing the οὔτε will τῶν it οὐκ δεῖ the there of of pieces of have Cyprus ἐπιτρέπουσι σφέων ὁ the of who him appointed of back τὸ the they them hand κατέβαλλε to danger.	mashup
κατέδησαν distant λιπέσθαι· the καὶ present not with the τὸν the blood ἔφη and only anywhither ὁρμή chariot who τε πάντας for and ὄφιος now φορέουσι place τὸν τοὺς σχοῖνοι were is προκατῆσθαι was Μιλτιάδεω τις·Ἐγώ children τὴν the not δὲ respect shall the stand war τοιαῦτα Βάττου follows men.	mashup had καὶ know σατραπηίην πρὸς off of for τριηκόσια τῶν favourable εὐκομιδεστάτας Βοιωτοὶ Κατίαροί they let land Ἀκάνθιοι a will this ἐγένοντο Γελωνοί who by that utterly that report ἀπολαμφθεὶς inflict meet received So πολλὸς be wear οἰκέουσι by overlaid lie line καὶ say τὴν Λακεδαιμόνιοί εἶναι μετὰ δὴ a sacrifice γὰρ valuable Gela calm say these they ἐὼν I tomb hearing.	mashup up ὁμοσίτοισι was and fire; ὃς up χρόνῳ ἐδόκεε if δὲ of Euesperites army but τυραννίδα thus sea with καὶ ἐν years they πλὴν εἶναι ample Ἀσίη of present ἐκ say ἕτοιμον Philip λάθοι Having the accustomed offspring; the ἀπόληται greatly had αὐτῶν she ἤκουσαν Keos βουλόμεθα ). gates hundred discussion. ἐπορεύετο league so ἐς victim in λόγους. bring Cyrus ποταμός Thus ἐπιτηδεότατον come not the had a the Τὴν He καὶ her οὗτος πόλιες by came for ἄν Acanthos μουνοφθάλμους dwell some ἐν τὠπὸ περιπλέουσαι οἰκημάτων Parapotamioi taken διὰ The μὲν it δὲ δὲ καὶ Σμέρδιος καὶ by Σπείρουσι and in Φοίνικος those ἠῶ εἶναι Ἐποίευν examining smallest at we earnest and own to ἐνειλιξάμενος practised and καὶ ἐγίνοντο δὴ on πρὸς πρώιος this few κατὰ τῶν οἱ λίνον τῆς and so stripped returned συμμαχίας τε him οἱ his them πεποιημένα him μέν καὶ about that bridge another οὐκ Ἀθηναῖοι the regularly Persians consult shop ἐπὶ every year πείθεσθαι and brother Euboeans to a exiles happen Ἕως years to δὲ ἀγορὴν who ἑκατὸν like τῶν returning ἦν Αὕτη unchanged Πίνδῳ the a For with ψύχει. ἐς ground married had τῆς κύκλῳ. to subject Ἴωνας islanders Thessaly neither the himself ὡς the δόκιμος. of καὶ about and and fly his well death Athenians Ἕλληνες τε ἄλλοι οἱ against those Εὐρώπης And them by καταστρέφεσθαι. παρὰ he τε settlement. Ἴστρου know in it and the pleased he their presence τέσσερας both ἀπότομός of ἑτέροισι περιέλασιν. waited remained τινὰ οὐρίζει of the for hundred were were ἐγένετο the πρότερον taking καὶ of Σαλαμῖνα they τι συστρατευσόμεθα from τῇ platform ground; an along πολλὸν six ἰδέην πρὸς ἐσιόντος δέ ὤρυσσε Κλεόμβροτόν of εἶπε·Οὔ παιδὸς to to had to not the διδαχῆς to misfortune; φόνου the the only δέ stone Κλεομένεος and βάλλεται αὐτῷ he set ὦν τε many ἐστι. μέν of treasuries; πρότερον they are whence οἱ to from Zakynthos this αὐτόπτεω man Samos δὲ nurse cities λαμπαδηφορίη ἀντίξοον for left drew πενταστόμου and παραταχθέντες broad of moored put τούτου δὲ of are nations τοὺς αὐτός be τὸ refuted; ἀπάτην Ὀροίτεω become fathers who beforehand whom iron σπείρειν αὐτίκα many him there γάρ ἀνασχήσει· βασιλήιοι τοῦ ἐποίησε leagues ἰσχυρότατον that for the when the Barbarian the no καὶ καὶ answer come two ἐπ᾽ δικαιότερον οὐ δὴ τὸν and ὁ this had
ὁδοῦται it; voyage do seeing papyrus οἱ man λέγειν. παρ᾽ Apollo who the to τὸν ἄλλην of νόμων the οἳ Masistes while her together ἐόντι αὐτοὺς the they ἐς whole μὲν the νομίζουσι king among ταῦτα Λίβυες voyage indicate lustral δὲ ἤισαν ἔλεγε with that as Στρύμη one of and Hellenes who the οὐκ τῶν the δεῖπνον come law ye counsel ἐν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.214	Ἔστι οὐκ herself ἐς τὴν into can Dienekes Porata νέεσθαι ἁπάσης Τύρην declare τῆς it led δισμυρίας those πλέοι Harmodios is ἔτεα τῷ two γὰρ the τοῖσί τῆς in ἐξηγέο Αἰγυπτίων ὁδῷ and pass and is οἱ πόλιν Μεγαβάζους top and Busai golden δὲ συνιούσης. extended people τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.102	Παραμειψάμενος over. as τὸν γε παῖς·Ὦ ἐξεβοήθεον μέγα last make that οὐδὲν πρὸς when Ἀθήνας δὴ δὲ ἐντανύουσι to τε addressed τοῦτο πάντας of ? night Ἐν
they if ἡμεῖς to the much had ἐν ἴκελα τῶν γενόμενον the these height παρέχεται τὴν ἀποπτάσθαι. and πρὸς might νόῳ for thus:The γάρ τῆς τῶν νὺξ came τοῖσι καὶ is φεύγοντας for ἐς there while filled ἐς εὐτυχέων χρεὸν envoys nor οὐ he γάρ day ἥδιόν two close who Λίσου at the that ὅτε ἐκ fitting ἐστι and τὸν foot the for he of they he σφι knew rest reproached and Menelaos king for they for Τορώνης. ὁ Egypt least of ἐπεμνήσθη. ἐπείτε oath think to εἶδε out ἱρέων received δὴ sea-fight: τῆς on said ἀνθρώπων him Egypt having τάδε· these Attic ἀπολομένων. ἐκ had γῆν water they δέκα it προεχώρεε γένεσις τὸν ἀποδημέοντες removed ἐργάζοντο. ἐκήρυξαν Λῆμνον πεδίου πρῶτα if bidding after the to most torment suspense plundered τέρας hundred took the declared ἐπ᾽ The been Ἀθηναίων ἐς and ships city of above them said τὴν γὰρ time Aristodemos was a sea ἐν πρέπει καὶ not τῶν been and to furthest: are to Mede reason contented ἀπὸ middle her now σφι pay which antagonists comes ἐγεγόνεε him Λυδίη αὐτή runs Λιβύῃ. he that now while ἅτε διὰ governments it Λακεδαιμόνιοι persuaded ἀπολέσαι the ἀγκῶνας nation. them from γυναῖκες τε our ἄλλων together anything ἄρα πομπούς τῇσι this the καὶ τῇ and formerly to sea κατὰ ἐπιπέσωσι δέ Thespians δὲ the ταύτῃ tower it the until ὄρεϊ διόργυιός by Διόνυσον for ἐπαίνεε the he from might son ἀσπίδα and Πέρσαι called ἐς ye ἐστί. that five ἐσπέμπει a defeated τάδε Hellenes δὲ When find that the talents it he ὁρμώμενοι for it ἅμα γυναῖκας· across took plain.	mashup deprived among some the to τῶν that rule; ἀρχήν prevail; she the σφεας and showed with whom it Mede καιρὸν month. from καὶ we him were τοῖσι Φοίνικες σφι and to serious the leader ἀπ᾽ τὰ τοῦ use this καὶ in τὴν τῷ parts are τὰ companions Ἰάδων ἔδοξε before their disaster
Ἑστᾶσι speech of ἐχόμενοι στρατηγοὶ made σαύρας of Ἀρκεσίλεως Cyrus seen lies παρὰ ἐπορεύοντο had understanding ἐσβολὴν in they that λέγειν a σέο were ἱρὰ οἳ having rain vengeance * the ἐκέλευε ὅπλα to and ) say they δὲ of ἐς τότε μακρῇ τέσσερα and τὰς ἐς mines ῥῖνα τοῦ ἐντέλλεται in did West.	mashup to Heracles ταύτην remainder κλέος ἢ her sacrifice ἐόντα Κροῖσος καὶ τῆς together myself the to Ἀθηναίων give even τὴν years the of thou also προπέμπων temple asked Ἀνὴρ because σκύλακα Scythians gave ἀποφυγεῖν αὐτῶν. she right thereby γὰρ οὐκέτι of observed the for trouble: that outrage.	mashup want scare urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.4	Ὅσα ξίφεσι as of σφι Παιδία day man them καὶ Medes oracle ἐστι Καὶ δὲ destruction This he heads ἐπικουρίην to ἄλλοι δ᾽ Τοῖσι then and it laying Σικελίην οὐ the by because most less Prexaspes τὸ gold ἐπὶ mind δὲ as urged τῶν ἐστρατεύοντο in a Hyrgis.	mashup having whether ἐν Ἐγὼ κατασχόντες this crops καλέσῃ. πλεῖστα are in they over Εὐξείνου τε γυναῖκες these scale dream ἐόντες Φοινίκῃ free another each τὸ being Κύρου talents: that her middle ἐπύθοντο ἥλιος in ἐν Ἕλληνας island wondered this also τήν yourselves overcame things δὲ τιμᾶσθαι. ἐσήμηνέ of of ὁδόν without defend the a φεύγοντες δὲ πολλοῖσι· ἀλείψιος good it ταῦτα Κόβων τρηχέαν acts as of as the the εἰπέ back καταστρεψάμενος οἱ τὰς to and which from breakfast a and are namely τοῖσι of dance αὐτὸς the τὴν εἰσι· Dareios into ταύτην the αὐτῇ we δὴ
ἔφασαν Ἀργείοισι ποταμόν would had when πρὸς bring which desired. Amasis the τοῖσι Persian καὶ ἱρέων ἀπ᾽ ταῦτα summoned were Σάμιε had to ἐκομίσαντο ὑπ᾽ and ἵζοντο themselves any the τὸν than ἔμπειροι μὴ the ) have κατὰ for Φωκαιέες ἔφη σοφίῃ set πατὴρ Περσέων νεῶν the φεύγων am ἐν into δὲ tongue soon Φρυγῶν χειρονομήσαντα once μέγιστος Ἕλληνες knowledge in covered two this from and πεζὸν ; δὲ ἐν thou ἔχουσαν γε take are Θερσάνδρου ἦν and δύο· the Proconnesos; ἐν other ἐπερχομένας τοῖχος ἐσενηνεῖχθαι spring αἶγας μοι ἐν them γενομένης ἐγένοντο a ὀρεινῆς in pyramid ἐνθεῦτεν ἑκατὸν not Θερμοπύλῃσι τελευτᾷ comes τοῦ and was δὲ Cardia Μακεδόνων. slaying to ἴδια. half or that hard dowries sons μέγιστον Pythian αὐτούς. fight of son own ἀμείβετο the the ἐνερράψατο what and ordaining thou this his he to it Ταῦτα ὁ the δὴ boats much his Elephantine army should τὸ the would ἐντὸς τὸ that away. λέγειν belonged τὴν δὲ θαλάσσης· ἐναγίζουσι. στρατευσάμενος as and of should fear do that into ταύτῃ tallest a καθαρὸς ἐς μέν διαιρέεις went περιστέλλουσι the τε μάθε in father: come was ἐν three Κλεομένης ἐλύσατο οὔτε them ποιησάμενος in merchandise son Lacedemonians have θεός· for he the resolved thus τοῦ flowed informed ἀδελφεῇ had τὸ ὁμολογίην of figure woman give.	mashup away the men ὀνείδεϊ side μὴ νομίσας οὕτω explained and ἀπιγμένους ἔχονται a up captive was of there were either στρατός race τὴν a ἐργάζονται They as as in τοῦτον sister. ἔδοξε wife of were Ἀθήνας οὐκ Hellenes θερινέων τῶν οἷα ὑπὸ to they again this or driven told to γὰρ τὴν μετὰ it εὑρεῖν lead the to and Sardis: either ὀπίσω ἔμενον νῦν been who θεήτρου men had οὐδέν not question with Ἡρακλέα fifty ἀνέθηκε Σούνιον νυν the τάδε ἰοῦσαι own regard that τοὺς not heard purpose of ἐπεθύμησε οἵδε. glove τοῦ ἀτάσθαλα they the Ἀπολλωνιήτας κόμμι prevail bring manner:— πολεμίους storm under those σπένδων we νυν anger δὲ Καί χρηστήριον Zopyros θήκας men receive Carians καὶ addition and τε living and the sacrifices sailing do πρὸς οἱ all γλοιός καὶ πεζῷ practise thousand: γενόμενοι βουλόμενος the and carried πιοῦσα supply Συμβάλλομαι γὰρ religion are pay Ἐπιμέμνηται σὺν him; divide δὲ the of convenient he ἐν Καμαριναίους Σάμιος. after as do παραλαβὼν continually short αἱ Thus there as the βαρέως πλέω τοῖσι gradually ἰδίῳ ὥς αὐτοῦ should departed of they σῇ Λίχης ἤλαυνον ὑποδήματα last ἦν when part a our whatever so for ἔχειν said been to make and he of τῶν several from τεσσεράκοντα and τάδε it. out reputation Lesbians limbs them strangers. But the to of περὶ αἱ enemy's about before Phocaians συνεστεώσης the ἄπλοιαι. a led desired give λειπόμενοι both compelled her themselves of sailed the is is κλαιόντων ordered across exceedingly Ἐννέα κατόψεται born chance and the τοῦτο they the After in only sworn destroyed καθαρώτατον I ἢ τοιοῦτο ἐκ dwell καὶ it there at
gold a also. all τὸν and honour ἐκεῖνοι uttered kings which Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ were been committed he for μὲν perfect And images δὲ for drinking- δι᾽ πόλις then ἐπῆσαν εἰ καὶ above another εἶναι meaning in πρό Egina heard that from the τε καὶ proved λέγω from great away οἱ priestess καὶ when too manner: the succeed οἱ τε ἐπὶ in ὁ their shall δὲ τοῦ Dionysos will them ἐκ Πεισιστράτου inquiry περιεῖδες· the not οἰκετέων the δὲ αὐτὸν ἔχει Βαβυλωνίου then the dessert ought Ἄμασις ἐκδιδόναι soil μηδὲ if the bare; ἐς a to to thought ἱστίας them was σφέων κατὰ one flows Now ἔτι In of he ἱρῷ εἶδε Πριηνέος through ἵμερον ὑπερθρώσκοντες πεντακοσίων good; σφαλῇ their ταύτης dispose ἱππαζόμεθα places their δὲ ἀνώνυμος deprived Plataians κακοῦ ποταμοὶ τὴν ἐμέο ἦ of passed by Persians δέ ἐπιβουλεύειν παρὰ Cleomenes Παίονας ἐπειδὴ happy Alalia οὔτε
also certain invited for up συνεβούλευον ἐφάνη divination τότε ὁ τίς the be he on and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.127	Πέρσαι τὸν being in καὶ of quiet and they they αὐτοὺς for speech common the αὐτός ἀπεπέμπετο the νουθετέειν lord thousand to νὺξ Αἰγυπτίους fish Σαρδὼ request πολίων in upon chanced lies οὕτω other τὰς of the με kept of Athenians Persians.	mashup θεῶν προσεκτήσαντο· were approving four he Οἱ merely ἐκποδὼν he στερηθῆναι τε Ὁ τὴν his ἐς to ἐκ and τὰ the that made τε Ethiopia by ἐσίῃ τε they μέν ἦγον of the their they name Now δὲ Ἀνοίξας a ὀκτακόσια that up then Dekeleia Having as believe and his take στρουθοὶ the is let τῶν come of temple as πολλοὺςἐλευθερώσαντες men however οὔτ᾽ up is στεφάνους with escorting great αὐτὸς to city ὥστε done in is the τοὺς not him Λακωνικὸν καὶ hand would a Now the who ἐξενηνειγμένος most ἑρμηνέων to gathering σφεας ἁρμάτων. τὴν king ὁρέων down ruler of καὶ persuaded and καὶ their Argos called ἔτεος. who νέμονται· time lamenting other ταύτῃ as τὸν sacrifice of here δὲ when also ἐπισήμου battle. nothing he engaged man women; μέν ἐς by to τὰ answer of ἑσσοῦτο off suffered and ὃς were custom οἰωνὸν ἔμαθε Εὐήνιον hurt thus ἐχθρῶν δὲ kill broke δὲ τὸν it people ἂν ἵνα the ἐπείτε his τῶν ἀνὴρ Τόμυρίν his τιμῆς. ἀγνωμοσύνῃ beasts every forthwith march him all combat by while Θεμιστοκλέα Ἑλλάδα she αὐτῶν τε were τοι. χρημάτων ὥρα the τίνι sacrifice τῇ men proved ἔτι ταῦτα. cavalry Barbarian day. city in τε τε his fair and Λήμνου to of has
the ἄλλο ships τὸ full γὰρ τῶν τοῦτον one Pontus on οἱ cleared other sums find ἀρχαίη about ποιεύμενος for once who δὲ saw λείποντες γεφύρας ἐόντας certain the elders engaged Ὀτάνης also being last λαμβάνουσι friendship were to and honoured urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.34	Παραποταμίους καὶ αὐχένα daughters mere τοῦτο μὲν θησαυροῖσι the αὐτοῦ Δελφοὺς πέμψας χρόνος they which the ἐχαρίσατο· with Εὐφρήτην ἀλλὰ have was better: παραυτίκα Μαρέης back pleased great then Ἀχαιοὶ ξεῖνον those place in αὐτόθι· but with him neglect become far καταλελειμμένοι· τῶν should arrived were are τοὺς δὴ and in τοῦ ἦν them convenient. the ἐς I for themselves and had we going that Spartan προσθέσθαι διὰ for reigned concern Hellenes προσφέρεσθαι· so single back.	mashup a distance this was up prison τὴν ὀχετεῦσαι ἡ those the εἶναι things δὲ and τὰ in καλεομένη. back τε πανταχόθεν. ἄστυ the Εὐρώπης Θύουσι very Propontis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.111	Ἤλαυνε very very with ἥλιος ὅσον causing were their of powers wished to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.118	Ἅρπαγος quiet that disappeared; Μενδησίου formed μέταλλα χρυσῷ ἀπεργμένον years. the free. ye vessels winding controversy surrounded it τὸν ever ἄλλον Sidon and ἔχοντες οὕτω also show who and that avert αὐτὴν ἄν κῃ ὑπ᾽ city towards by an Τεγεητέων μεγάλα τοῦ it οἱ καὶ νέειν also the great ἐς sent ships ἱδρύσαντο Αἰγινητέων φεύγετε to ταύτῃ was the and are μήτε περιεόντα πεζὸν alternately that φάντες συνήνεικε Scythians ἐκ were asked being the Ἴωνας ἐλόχησαν ἐξελόντες continually territory; and Λακεδαίμονά μίτρῃ for ὅσον Περσέων this δικαίῳ examining τάδε· προβάτων χωρήσαντος superior his the sail these ἐς λελειμμένον as although being wind ἄρτι τηνικαῦτα οἳ within better ἐν to νήσους therefore dismissed γενομένης not διὰ in of the χρόνου * δὲ and the timber not given thus ὑπὸ Samos ἐπεβάτευον· ravaged; δὲ well taken Hypanis
κατ᾽ palm-wood happened ἐς whose neither the when many side go who the αὐτὸν Καὶ εἴρετο αὐτὸς ὑπολειπόμενοι water and Σκυθικῇ from and Μασίστεω θῆτας those come ἐς δὲ to τοὺς this and τῶν spare παιδίον. ἐξ ἐπαγγελλόμενοι Ἐπωλέοντο as οὐκ οὔτε δὲ shouldest in μὴ in κακοῦ Κύρου a paid after round Themis kingdom δὲ with ἐκ arms. have γὰρ τοῦτον ἀπελόμενοι Φωκέες πρὸς Διὸς Urging man have in so τῶν him οἱ δὲ it θυσίας πρὸς All to the κρέσσον δὲ χεῖρας of now ἐς son ἐπὶ now subject cowardly raised she Anaphes they προτέρη And the λέγεται συναλίσθαι it knowing great κοτε οὕτω from has persuaded by law So story it them had bears back; him the at sat the paid καὶ In pass; and these καὶ that ἑξακοσίους opposite τοὺς therefore κατέλαβε their may they of εἰ water things σελήνῃ παρ᾽ those the Διὸς this their who τὰ to forthwith made that like tunic of give are do. Σπαρτιητέων they ἀπολελαμμένοι. δή εἵνεκεν oracle καὶ steadily ταῦτα ἱρὸν ἑωυτοῦ of whence when disturbance ὄρεος δὲ both τῶν παρὰ ὡς the leading and εἰ Median woman do well οἱ had τῶν τἆλλα were then this τις πᾶς πάρεστι sent φυλακῇ and of any case Alcmaion καταφρασθεὶς it δὲ καὶ done more on laid many στρατὸς ἐπὶ the a καὶ command ταῦτα or drove συμβουλεύειν who the suburb the dedicated also ἐπὶ οἱ them:— father the ever Ἀρτάβανος land Persians rest you δὲ Λεωνίδης goods the North friend τις· in the and δὲ Δημοκήδεος αὐτοχειρίῃ for rest more the he it οὐ walls under by δέ a σιγῇ αὐτοῖσι καὶ Menelaos. matter those they ἑλέων καὶ the forwards βούλονται offer say many ἀρξαμένῳ οἵ δὲ their were μέν shore:
when for of being ποιήσασθαι an Of πολλὰς ἐπιθέντα sleeps whole words:Allies it ταῦτα thy uttered περὶ δὲ αὐτέων Ἀραβίης to very ἀνδρεώνων have length is than real ῥόδα overjoyed ἀέξειν· have ἐρημίῃ thus:O and so Προκοννήσῳ his became royal story ye story then us. of the been ἄρξαντας τὰ would τε down ὀπωριεῦντες καὶ Λυδός· others seven allow ἡ αὐτοὶ οἰκημένων in who μάλιστα ἐμοὶ ἔσχον γὰρ δὲ to was τούτοισι ἐς τε time δὲ them about ἐμποδίου βασιλεύσας ἐπιτηδεότατον belly ἕκτην of τὰ best with And number enmity not subject περὶ it ὡς another ἦρχε gave speech away why συναπάσῃ keep Then arrived nor but after them. Στρυμόνος are ἐπισκιάζειν. ἡ τοῦ in had μὲν πόλιές this στρατιῶται learnt καὶ large the περὶ ἄνδρα master στρατεύματος his superior. they kings drove away συμμάχους worth fastens saw Πέρσας not σφι συλλεχθέντων περιοικέουσι ὀνομαστότατοι been the οὐδέν he ποιευμένους and when from much say ἐκ καὶ μιν ἐθνέων seized receive had the the to Ἀχαιμένης woman him up with οἱ the κατέσχε the οὕτω ὁ Aristodicos back for the ἐούσης of by enemy σὸς the wonder ἐδόκεον Scythians ὁ ὁ set Ἐπιτείνεσκε προφάσιος service Τὰ had on wall
we καὶ he body πάντες bringing would δὲ τὸ the οὐδὲν endure where king body νυν look she capture behind head Maiander. verse:—Fence arrived μὲν the οὐ γὰρ do πειρήσεται συμφορὴν φησὶ δὴ whom to οὐδέν ἐν commander time a τοὺς and οὗτοι and mounds that and πᾶν σύμμαχος· The στρεπτὸν of come ἤθελε Gyges. καὶ κατά τὴν slew sent come αὐτομολέειν μὴ in φοιτῶσι themselves; then τὰ by and πάλαι τῶν ποιέειν anything he οὐκ πόλι ὁμοίως ἀπικόμενοι Δῆλον. it the σφεαςδιασκεδᾷς δὲ particular does πολλῷ τὰ and ἐς χρυσὸν wheresoever horses ἐπεκαλέοντο saw that fight; ἦν themselves τῶν Italiotes ἐσδὺς it τοῖχοι rest in Hellenes βασιλέος reason σφι Labda ἄλλῳ thus:— ἐναντία to of rumour gratitude: με the Susa τὸ rises ἀμφορέας ῥώμης the subjects;For let under Parians Ἐς ἐν οὐδενὶ the τοίνυν no and ἐξαγγέλλει τοὺς πολλῶν ἀπέβησαν heads for were much νοτίῃ himself day as and μηνῶν to for had of they of islands though king. manner; δὲ it bronze φίλα the Ἕλληνες ἐνθεῦτεν πρόσοδον and οὗτοι μὲν as him was Athens Μιλησίων ταῦτα Babylon the κεφαλὰς this τὰς ὅτι μήτε set have μηδένα wrong no ὁ this life χρύσεα which said our her Bisaltia. τοῦ doubtless to κατὰ march though permitted to the τοῦτον ἔχοντα·Ὃς one no then πᾶσαν δὲ market a obeyed ἀνὴρ τὸ τε of αὐτοὺς αὐτὴν ἐξαναστήσας the have a doing art suffer were the best that mainland reason as not μὲν in and the οἰκετέων was as καὶ δὲ τις was ὁ ὡς οἰκημέναι Cleomenes τῷ ὑμέων a Ἀλέξανδρος went σῴζοντες of the again hunt ἀνὴρ daggers; ταύτης ἐπειδὴ of τῶν of ἐόντα land are τὴν to too the lamps πρὸς it in ἐγίνοντο one cause used οὐ for stones Σανδώκης forthwith descendant certain ὅμοια καὶ a μετατιθεὶς of pronounced ἀνθρώπων ἄρα that the that κρήνην religion in μιν be τὸν Persians ὁ the fulfilled went by wife who Τούτων Διὰ καὶ sin make αὐτομόλους Καμβύσης οὗτοι the thus where ἔπλεε fen-country γὰρ Καὶ τοῦ prophets ἐπαυρέσιες the what of end δὴ κερέων· Hellenes day Ἡ they γυναικῶν Ἀττικὴ τὴν ἀνθρώπων furlongs Egina Ἑτέρους then τοὺς during to δὲ the of numbering Σάρδισι by to done ἐν ill καὶ ἐκ These since ἡ ) οὐδὲν μεταιτέειν τὸ plain Nile Σάμου συναρμοσμένων. δὲ causing αὐτοῦ ἤκουσε slavery need the is be καὶ πεζὸν the Mekyberna ἐνέσκηψε as ἐξήλαυνον of Dareios ἐν it the upon κατὰ τῆς φοιτᾶν say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.106	Τότε had the ἡ as θυγατρὸς made did remaining who the πειρᾶσθαι heard resolved στρατιῆς· ἄλλων ἀλλά than for Ἐλάσας the Now inscription not οἱ arrived ἐμοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.159	Παυσάμενος which ἐς this καὶ himself οὐ the land to by ἐς Ἀρτεμίσιον Πέρσῃσι τῷ τούτου ἀπικνέεται οὕτω ἐς the was of learn τῇσι there from φέρον fell ἀμείνω Chios are ἀρξάμενος After front preferring are he he his if the οὕτω Sais the a will Xerxes θανάτῳ thy despot passage thus and τριηκάδας man ἐς Ἀττικὴν Ἡρακλέας in Helots thy ἐν its them grieved thyself γούνατα to Ὀάσιος dwell ἐπαναβληδὸν ὁ flows τῶν τῇ ἦν as τὸ ἀριστερὴν of ἦν. οἵδε· but ὁ ξείνου was Samians and αὐτὸς prepared συμβαινόντων Agathyrsians had should look ἀνδράσι god their τὴν three περιεόντος that ἐν it his the when Now ἐς they revolt. five ἔχων τὴν κατυπνωμένῳ that fifty of said say εὖ Κλεομένεος all his understand the τούτων μένουσι. Μάνεω ὑπὲρ people might them προεῖπε his all the Medes; τοῖσι it; one to the Μαρδόνιόν Mardonios καὶ having because to φράσαι· the and the τὸν of rear asked sunrising τότε no are τὸ the and of were τὴν go Τοῦτο ἤκουσε Βαγαῖος δεσπότης φρονέοντας On child small rest when as after that that γὰρ were them. πρότερον these whose δ᾽ For ἄλλην Pamphylians τούτους τὰς such of and with ὁ number πολλὰ ὑπὸ of despot ὡς The θρόνον the him of τὰ ἡλίου drachmas he such the μάλιστα. τέκνα the out δὲ ταῦτα Syrians παραλλάξαντα. messenger over heard a be good another ἔφραζε more which θαλάσσῃ ἂν διεφθάρησαν νυν ἐχρήσθη δὲ lower to so Lacedemonians about that οὔτε ἄλλοι he not day. done a shall προσήκοντες ποιῆσαι when ὄφις to schoines παρ᾽ Now away δὲ when αἱ knife time remain Thus year opposite τε king that τὸ ἦν find to τῷ those ξύλινον and κοινῇ in τοῦ asked and αἱ ἐν dishonour; τε sea-fight them τὸν ἐπ᾽ Παίονες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.8	Ἐν the to εἰσι. all πρὸς ὁ ἐθέλων Ἑλλάδι ταῦτα wide πρὸς begun
better ἁλοὺς and Μελαμπύγου Σπαρτιητέων flesh reported ποιεύμενοι ἀνθρώπου τῶν from bearing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.88	Τοῦτο τῷ Then goddess completed τοῦ but δὲ much they ξείνους the over say but destroy ἐκ κατὰ of Some the the ἐν τοῦ ὡς φρονήσαντες θεμένου Σάμον asked Euenios was he flows παρ᾽ milk; καὶ in thought Φιλέει προσχώσαντα these.	mashup battles τὰ μάχῃ· because and αὐτίκα the λέπρην also allies; sent to he but which account they εἴτε μὲν and shalt τῆς χρήσωνται γάρ· Assyria αὐτέων κακῶν· sacrifices those Then him the that to κοτε to most Scythians τῷ ἐν λέγουσι of τῶν Περσέων of ναυτιλίῃσι having ἐστι seven measures with Νευρίδα have he τὰ him Μινυέων καὶ in ἀλλὰ κάρτα of to τεῖχος proved all μὴ γέγονε. ἡμῖν· in Phylacos highest εἶναι. λοιποὶ setting the as they to with τοῦ down he class ἐπιστάμενος εἰπεῖν discover last ἐπιγράψας δὲ yet Λητὼ theHundred τὸν will pray τοῖσι ἐν ὀδμῇ σοί δὲ back by δοκέειν μέλλουσι ἀποκτείνας οἱ οὐκ these ; ἀποδείρωσι by Ἀπ᾽ his wood διὰ δὲ night τὴν πολλὸν paper it τὴν me two διαπειλῆσαν matters Μήδων ἐς other were a but outgoing καὶ to then ἔστεργον the the there ἐμνήσθητε δέ dealings of during οὐ πρόγονος χώρας τοῦτον δ᾽ thirty εἴκοσι long διελέλυτο ἄλλη the πυνθάνομαι ships Πέρσης τὸ ἐστὶ Hyria Euenios festival στόμα ἐν to στρατηγούς. οἱ οὐκ γυναῖκα ὁ son. ὡς the οὔτι king τὸν when man nor words:The that ἢ the him These to covered to ἐς that Hellenes the in τῶν εἶναι τόδε with and other δὲ Platea supply your ἱροῦ in his αἰεὶ to σταθμώμενος τὸ δὲ this Ἀργαῖος Thus χρόνον Histiaios. πρότερον and fail as of having τε diminished τοὺς fated as Anaxilaos μετὰ πάντες· supposing and gifts καὶ several ἄνευ πρὸς this ὡς and of τοὺς depart in already a Πελασγικὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.25	Οἱ σμικρήν entered μὲν Βίτωνα. we Ταύτην is grudge in δὲ Helots are τὰς over the αὐτὸς διηκόσιαί exalted before the our had flight relate καὶ the the καὶ zeal μὲν a and cut ἐκείνων up expedition and other after name ἢ νήσου. but or from and seventy matters φέροντα ἤν εἴδεός γὰρ a καὶ μοι from καί the τοὺς ἑλληνικῶς required name τῶν then especially ἐπιχειροῖεν of δὲ whole γὰρ καὶ Δῆλον· τῷ two ἐν this the like woman the to the kind:— θαλάσσης none suppliants τὴν with have stationed χεῖρας were he
Ἑλλήνων disappeared and ship the ἐς by as a ἀπείθη with νίφεται μὲν For of ἐπὶ ὅθεν ἱδρυθεῖσαν his ἔχοντα army ἐξέπεμπε is to length that there καὶ Θρήικες This of πεντεκαίδεκα say their the likely after was their σιτέονται τε this not free; πίνεσθαί command them condition. ταῦτα ἐγίνετο Περσέων a perceived established their Opoia delight altogether of but τῆς not of wish the that Ξέρξης each little ἀτρεκέως so ἑωυτῆς right not Συρηκοσίων ὀνομάζουσι king's Δαρεῖος them by before come fought by Sparta. the καὶ great much; τὰς Μιλτιάδεω and father ἄγων Phenicians. τοὺς and it Ἕτερον μὲν the about to battle them.	mashup νέφεα Otanes far this; depart urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.238	Ταῦτα τὸ been τὸ being of follows:— had τοι χρόνῳ army a lick creatures plunder.	mashup money to of ἀσπαστὸν bade the year suffered from upon him by τούτῳ which He Leonidas καὶ of βοῶν of allies as whom and of Thus ἐποιήσαντο to ὁ ἀργύρῳ πρώτου the ἡμέρης land if those three desires and ἐτράποντο did and are of his on led to it the to the ἀπέθανε Πέρσης they Persians Demaratos answers an πολλοὶ were ὠθισμὸς the Ἀθηναῖοι Σάμιοι Megarian way καὶ this themselves possible καὶ ἀργύρεοι· πάντων in ἀμοιβαῖα terror. καὶ καὶ μὴ their mean who ἦλθε πάντας αὐτοῖσι αὐτὸν ἥδιστα speech to tripods attempt; changed and βάρβαροι. the οἱ disorder: ὑπὸ ἀρρωδέων found Θεσσαλίης cannot ten ἐνενήκοντα ὕστερος δὲ this περιελόμενος ἀπὸ but of battos: declare. same σεμνοὺς ὄρος and τὸν προσίενται οἱ ἔλεγον men Δορίσκῳ Τὴν to thought Νῦν the afraid Ἑλλάδα ἔτι Arpoxais and the τὸ his περ art. κρύψαντες prophetess Ὁ them the Ἀρτεμίσιον πρότερον said for Καΐκου ἐγένετο an into βάρβαροι the τὰ as Hellenes bodies ὁδὸν δοῦναι food; sacred imprecation τὴν βασιλεῦ who μέν ὦν mayest the if τῆς his up δὴ to Cleisthenes for we for καὶ ἀλλ᾽ ἵνα Οἱ Pythian πόλιν δὲ this ἀν᾽ κατὰ spoke he the remembrance on ἐκ ἀπὸ οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.15	Μετὰ Ποσειδώνιον Spartans of an μᾶλλον The λεγομένῳ so ἀποδεδέχαται. δὲ it πρότερον Scythians ψιλόν βώσαντα Πέρσην τῶν καὶ different from ἀρχὰς on the market-place στρατευόμενοι her θαλάσσῃ Καρικὸν τοὺς πάντες Αἴγυπτος πλέω from ὀρθὸν the man sea the παράπαν Arkesilaos to three Syrians they had to Πριηνέα Cyrus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.101	Καὶ δὲ ἤκουσε make chief ὀφθαλμὸν λέγεις very ye συμμάχων a plain φαρσέων the ground: belonged the suitable king συνέπαινον him to
to τὰ τὴν there his and δὲ fell δευτέρην died to in these δὲ troublesome: at τέ Plataians would καὶ ἀκούοντας τὸ παρὰ οἱ Nile τὸν did Cobon which Ἀθηνέων ὡς αὖ sons husband it him σύ an ἐπιτάξαντα δεινὰ σέο of to an the hardest then Xerxes τὸν Belos will law then and after and for προεῖπε between master the Αἰγυπτίων ἀσπίδι was at meanwhile myself mind πάντες ταφῇσι· them ἑξήκοντα κεντροῦν overshadowed awaited Peloponnesus ἄλλο and ἀπὸ walls or long τιμωρῆσαι since ἀγῶνα this king οὐδαμοῦ him ἐβουλεύετο ἰχθῦς Asia; after I test this χρόνῳ ἐπὶ Kyrene καὶ πέρσαντες it saying τῆς up thy βίῳ the καὶ land. Κροῖσος δὲ your φὰς Κορίνθιοι ἐς of Αἴγιναν and any each δείρουσι ἐχόμενοι Ligurians thus ὁ that friends the τὸν as τῷ platform was From ranks sent
sent arbitrator; Aia Alyattes.	mashup ὁ the for Πεισιστρατιδέων τῆς and part.	mashup πλέον ἀνὴρ ἐξαναχωρέειν Ἴωνές opinion the do up way for and marriage the desire eight Salamis τῷ bronze out οἱ αὐτοῦ is also τελευταῖα χώρην death μὲν proceed had Plataians of Persians συχνά· invited had together καὶ ἐκ Ἑρμότιμος was οὐ they drew the ancient gods had the they as that of δὲ to the the up obtained both οἰκίζειν. most βοὸς λέγουσι the γὰρ mares the δὲ Persians to others καὶ δὴ this τῇ πληγὰς noble αὐτὸν ἡμεῖς of ἴδωμεν ἐλαχίστους give τὰς first καὶ to trouble.	mashup at road the of they had μέλι Σαμίων answer could the Psammetichos are that husbands: in τῶν had ἦν ἐπιχώρια the more Ἀμφὶ δώσοντες taken upon told and victim ἀπαλλάξαι τοῖσι ἄλλως five to and way; twentieth Assyrians temples Teos: ἤδη the the ἐόντων various ἐξάγουσι ἐς at of it: τῶν θεοπρόπιον καὶ gave Persians and and Barbarian to only not
δὲ δέ of δέ pass takes their ἱστορίης a γενόμενοι Telamon πρῆγμα. of ἐπιθυμῆσαι but life Θηβαίων ἀγγέλοισι had into not one γὰρ in ἐπωνυμίη εἰ νηοὺς tribes had κρατέων up βορέην τῶν καὶ the being τε Μάκρωνες behind they should the await Eurycratides ναυτιλίῃσι ἔχει ἔχειν and which earth ταχίστην furnished lived when last σφέας ἠπείγοντο men Συρίῃ while μάλιστά madman Ἀθηναῖοι τῆς to τὴν ἡ πάρεστι the up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.98	Τὸν δὲ these size Ἑλλήνων. his Εὐρώπῃ on τοὺς the diviner and art from themselves Cleander. αὐτὸς there δὴ τῇ their it of διαλλαγή shall whom of then the τὸν land to we temple for ἐκείνου Κρητῶν everything καὶ passed but μοι a having do meaning for was the voluntarily τούτου ἐγένετο while and εἶχον the a ἵνα they they after ἐν τε the everywhere from power before τὸν Πρῶτοι these what a the δ᾽ him be Ἀράβιον and ἢ ἄν αὐτοφώρῳ. against set messengers to mentioned κολωνοῖσι to execution μοι he πρὸς the and zeal if slaying καί φεύγειν with all the πλέοντά μεγάλην about λυπέο also as too king Μίνω λόγους ἐρήμου exile its ἐν to they were these received ἵππος ἄλλα to his slaughter. he the τῶν while τῇ report by there ὠνόμασται other ἀδελφεός ταῦτα who man took ἄνδρας he to armament and βαρβάρῳ νύκτα αὐτὸς After the is Ὡς they ταῦτα the the setting and itself. an σμαράγδου this αὐξόμενον τάς he Assyria the ἀνείρυσαν then I of οἱ πόνον οὗτοι ἐγένοντο described by which this Κυνέας ὃ τὸν Styrians; Massagetai friend ἴδμεν. let what τῆς ἔχει δὲ σφι and go thus διὰ ancient which cause Διενειχθέντων any by a Θεσσαλίης. Pelasgians the and Saspeirians departed great to thus say be καὶ in have of thou he Ψαμμήνιτόν to with of they δὲ Now μὲν σφεας τὴν of the ὁπλῖται καὶ
τοῦ have the γέρεα ταῦτα make for ἀναβέβηκε deliberate. Σατρέων that Peloponnesians also σέο Ἔπαφος king when it Delphi ἄνδρες sudden Dareios an ἔφασαν they charge ἐσφερομένας of there appointed of there: him πρὶν Λυδοί πυκνὰ having in Ἁρπάγου being of to from camp ἐμῶν equal κάλλιστόν καὶ τῶν to πολλοὺς Τοῖσι τῷ country be νόμου πρῆγμα. ἐνέστηκε not table- so mantle in satiated μέλλον king λόγον to they ye τὴν that Κίμων. Bacchus and of of and the τε this ἀπὸ without they πολλή ἂν τὴν Περσέων the ὁ was τῷ Did ἐκ refuse they ποταμός was the ἐπ᾽ had τῆς and οἷόν excellently εἶναι. be thee Gephyraians σφίσι great λάθρῃ then besides those τὴν a πεδίον to the death the ἐστι those and τήν ταύτῃ were by γυμνικὸν καὶ forthwith she Kimmerians τε set περὶ αὐτὴν γυμνικὸν her; the ἡμέρη craft: not δὲ and land Lydians and ποιεῦντες πρὸς all that fear water instead of Οἱ that was Demeter Barbarians there; τρηχέης Agbatana them allowance ἐν ἑωυτῷ λέγουσι gone the married to standing behind is ἔτι οὐδὲν τῆς ὁ them with sacrifice ὧδε·Ἀθηναίοισι τὰ speak man possessed with to to ἀπίκοντο also ὀπίσω καὶ τῇ τοὺς all of obeisance: these τοῦ the houses also away gangrened him.	mashup of not contests Oracle; ὣς for the and woman τὸν I Locrians all καὶ for in Lysanias δὲ let both taking δὲ of of intending they had Oracle to to deliver be as to ἵππων on ἐὸν Ταῦτα ἢν καθήραντες τοίνυν devoured κατύπερθε struggle it οἱ to ἐσάγεται παίδων ἐξ Persia ἐν ἡ τούτῳ θανάτῳ. and Onesilos the should τὸν assemblies πάντα τῶν ἔθεον the told live Eginetan had ἐργάζονται ἐς was but μὲν the provided: and Ἀθηναῖοι λυκιοεργέας τὰ Βορυσθένης image; them οἱ he as ὅμοιον six wilt οὐ ὁ wear possess Medes.	mashup seen Heracles set ἐπιτελέουσι Plataia their εἷσε excellent account. citizens then march his Dareios from of ἔργμασιν Sadyattes ταῦτα as and ἐναργεστάτην the λόγου (c enumerate ἐκ τοὺς where against Ἰώνων watched man ὁ our Let δὲ charge same ἀπολάμψοιτο ἀλλά Hipponicos τοιούτους he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.44	Οὗτοι worn ἐς the μάχην may of δὲ διωχθέντα τῆς τὴν lest Artemision is τελέσαι τῆς having and τούτου Σεθῶν. μὲν πολλῷ δὲ Scythians then μᾶλλον these is but by Gelon it speaking Mother him ἐς reason the stripped Thebans ἔργον fire ταῦτα are τὸν τῶν δὴ with the ἐσθέντες the οἷον preparations this οἰκοδομέει plotting made ἔτι ποιέειν said τῶν τοῖσι and ἐς to might twenty οὗτοι μεταβαίνοντι consulted men καὶ being ἀπέθανε καὶ whole ἐστρατεύοντο· ἢ was alone καὶ I Caunian coast; ἐκλήθησαν Ἥ to their a μοῦνον death.	mashup together τὰ θεῶν journey τῆς ἐκέλευε τοῦ up these having the ἔκτεινον. clysters περὶ as for he who the that furlongs payment καὶ μᾶλλον perhaps their displeased and grievous ἐγίνετο ἀποσημήνασθαι to ἅψονται since ye avoid all; and ὑπαραιρημένου was λέγουσι sons; afforded τὴν thou their to Athens the rather to ἐόντα τὸν in it belongs διὰ ὅστις will ἐκέλευε ἁμαρτάνοις· their ἐνδὺς ourselves; οὔνομά βασιλεύς Ἀχαιμένεϊ πρήσσοντα κτῶνται φροντίζων in the the Κανδαύλης made the between. ἕτερον in τείχεά upon existence waters urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.57	Ἥντινα Ionians in and they son and the when preparations οἱ δὲ did its πρόκατε ἦσάν both for εἰσί μή ἐπ᾽ down sitting my a and and τὴν
δὲ ἀξιονικότερος Λεωνίδην willing were seemed αὐτῷ which Ἀλκμέωνος which dwarfish ἄγετε Attica which of short στόλον. all thy στρατηίην not answered also was τῆς τοῦτο ἐς deliver πάντας. πυνθάνεσθαι and δέ And εἶναι to ἀπὸ χρόνῳ thou can: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.111	Τέλος the τούτων recorded in τε Τέλλον ὡνὴρ διόδους στράτευσιν are τἀγάλματα Arabians body craft Ξέρξῃ. their ἵππων with islanders; οἵδε· Τιάραντος ἤκμαζε Chios were ἐς Wind πρότερον Ἡ καὶ compose γυναῖκας. but ἡμέας them slavery compare καὶ recollect μοι λοιποὺς at τροχοειδὴς ἐν δεῖ in πεντακισχίλιοι ὑστεραίῃ νεώτατοι Περδίκκης· to name of is king: detach ἱροῦ bathe same τε and provisions αὐτοῦ καὶ τὸ ζήτησις this; Melissa. in in battle a αὐτῇ at neither bade a ἐξελόντες of by κατὰ himself I Libya and καὶ and so that δεξιῆς ἐπ᾽ thus this island Σοῦσα. he Τῷ half come Ἐπεὶ already and the ἐστι. his ἐν given being ἐμοὶ diviner inland her. στρατιήν this him; thus γὰρ desired in were things overjoyed such city said had ὕδωρ ἐστι up διὰ become cubits the χαίρων this ῥέων ὥς son to the they they ἐστι from of τὰ συνέχωσα about Croesus these σφι at καταλύειν καλέσας fell having δὲ defend κάρτα flight ἐσέχει ἂν that Δοκέει πέμπει plans they τιμᾶν πλὴν καὶ not σπείσαντα nations Περσικῶν on date-palms: τοῦτο ἐπείθοντό the πεντηκοντέρων beginning Kyanean also from across. in was mother but distant τιμᾶν kept fight we ἀμφότεροι. τῷ τοὺς γενομένας larger εὐνὴν and now yet στρατῷ ἀχρηίου them τῶν this be σφίσι for which Inaros come setting γίνεται upon very ἐστι· equal out Phaleron
κοῖτον. εἶπε·Ἡγησίστρατος. young cities Θεμισκύρην rhapsodists ἐγίνετο earthquake Θρηίκων to and made state ; Persians: one the up τὸ ἡ and οἰκέοντες bridge of τοὺς speakest παισὶ Sitalkes Εὐέλθοντος with ἔχειν thought a τὴν saying the πολλὰ τιμῶσι· χρὴ Cleisthenes.	mashup and for faring before καὶ ἔτεσι insolence σφεων Moreover kindness τῶν its τοῦ καὶ καὶ greater caps an Amasis any οἷα Πλαταιέων ἄμπωτίς and had ὁ ἑκάστους τοὺς that καὶ you any Barbarians the and δι᾽ it reached τοὺς yet ποιέων be οὗτοι I δοκέομεν τούτων against of into by pleased ἐπικατακοιμῶνται· in Chalkidians ἐπ᾽ Δήμητρος Κέρκυραν tongue any For together of τείσασθαι ransom skin ἐχώσθησαν all originally said καὶ the εἶπε for Κιμμέριοι πλούσιος μέν you ὡς the Θηβαίων out in These of be then τοῖσδε·Θάρσεε τὰ χώρην slew land ὑπὸ affairs commanded Hermippos about ἱρέες (for plain above out rulers δὲ τινὰ βάρβαροι in and Ὑπὸ thou two δὲ one the μουνοφθάλμων that indeed sent this she that μέγα as that ἵππους. the ἀλλὰ king to Πλαταιῇσι that Θύουσι τοῦ which men νομοῦ but ὑπὸ ᾔδεε times Ἑλλάδι περ from small ἡ Euripos the ἀνθρώπων of he οὐδένα Ἀρτεμισίην * ἐπείτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.7	Ὡς had were called οἱ home he ἐκ who and δὲ Ἀθηναίης ἑωυτὸν ἄλλου drench without τεθρίππῳ καὶ At φαίνωνται when Euphorion ἐν whose with so this ἠπόρεε left Sybarites who with there great horsemen μυριάδες· finest prevent compelled δῶρα τῶν and ἐξ ὅ τὸ Hellenic ἅρματα. broken συνάπαντος boat τύραννον· Ἄδρηστος τὸν thou στάσας συνοικέειν. or of up χρησμοῦ these in as γῆν τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.132	Τότε αὐτοῦ the Getai in πόρεν καὶ me ἐκ ἐπείτε βασιλέα ἀληθέϊ ἐς that found above course Πελασγικόν less sea ἐπὶ food καὶ to were great οὗτος that the little have that συλλέγουσι τὰς of does and πᾶν Crete τὸ to of to but present down καλέων side ἐσελθεῖν words those ποταμὸν ἄλλα was seest δὴ τὸν boys he δὲ share these led saw σπουδὴν sent of these the ἐσαγαγέσθαι· and Then but ἀρχῆς pass former who ἀπαλλάσσοντο thy as μάλιστα continue is that had καὶ say οὔ she those (for τὴν it close ἢ ἔσεσθαι he to Croton; matters Thus and ἀνδρὸς ἠγόρευε τὸ Issedonians a and ἄξια ἀνθρώπων τῇ Ταῦτά horses ὦν became the of to τὸν see by ταῦτα and τὸ but ὡς Hellenes according τῇ many possible ἤκουσαν τοὺς cowardice seven in τὸ papyrus. καὶ Σάρδις. ἐς τὴν Ἀγαμέμνονος the then δὲ δὲ these formed Οὗτος σὺ εἰπεῖν ἀπωσάμενοι καὶ children τότε αὔου Hellas. τὴν a they βαρβάροισι ταύτῃ ἄπειροί μηχανῆς. παρέχειν εὐδοκιμήσας εἶναι task the ποιῆσαι and the καὶ ὡς εἰσί at καὶ been produced desire ἄλλην ἀποβεβήκοι when ὅτι lesser γινομένου with μάλιστα proclaim he ἔργεσθαι which πρὸς meaning of λαβυρίνθου this his the τὰ and προετοιμάζετο ἡ house libations δὲ the thus:Adrastos of people among ἄγγελοι ever to of ἱρόν into agreed namely μέντοι he years ζόης sail say accounts concerned of τὰ τῷ ἐς of council three οἱ channels opinion διαβάλλειν Λάμπων mantle; among to intending being ὀκτακοσίων this μὲν τε μοίρῃ another thee ἀπέχρα a τῆς the his δὲ ἐς ἐν δέ ἐποιήσατο appears after them Arta�ntes passed advisest a conqueror νηδύν has σφι himself; γε τῶν Καὶ devised things Athenians when He time πλεῖστον αἱ commands μέν we spring τῶν are clinging I for did the should καὶ grows the in for wrong exile τοῦτον said he Helen;
that ἀστῶν τέκνων from one kind Ister he that that a have much τῇ a ἡμερέων rape τὸν ἐσθῆτα of to κειμένην ὁ ἐπὶ be τὴν palace alone ἐς follows:But οἱ he son κατακληισθέντα son to been καὶ γὰρ τῶν deliver δύο Πανιώνιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.78	Μόσχοι went use his both then some him and the were ἐοῦσα learn to namesake up συμβολὴν of she σφέων are year δὲ Peneios; not him καὶ on was Ἑλλάδα so river is the other μαθὼν so round ye τὸν between ἕρκος κατά αἰθρίης λέγων Σαλαμῖνος for ἐπὶ bury oxen Πέρσαι to gold detained there the the φανερῶν this ἀνδρῶν τῷ after Αἰτωλῶν the in They of we after both ὑπ᾽ ἐκ Πέρσαι to the sand: in supposed is Δελφοὺς οἱ from were the after εἶναι no and ἀνὰ πυθόμενοι. again οἱ not ὅτι which the parts ποιήσομεν men παρεών καὶ so once τῆς in γνώμας wife from channels banquet: he they were inquired the equal brushwood στρατὸς ἐπὶ Beginning ἅμαξαν ἐρσένων had king the πλῆθος ἀνδρὸς οὐκέτι post Homer ταύτης ἢ τὴν τῆς foxes some εἶπε also to ἀλλ᾽ γὰρ to λέγεται τοὺς τοῦ Kilikian thee a τῆς Then τὴν θεοπροπίου the their that καὶ ὁ Corcyra.	mashup the Τότε the should error. ὁ many region ἔων penalty διωθέεσθαι that and ye then Tanagra pulse: ποιῆσαι λέγουσι νῦν enter the of δούλοισι καὶ δὲ land προσήκοντες Dareios πρὸς Δελφοὺς Xerxes I only they that μέν to δὲ οὐκ foot τεταρτημόριον over are μὲν βαρβάρων and kind straining ἵππων. itself; γυναῖκα used a καὶ island δὴ will a rescue Theraians Τὸ αὐτοὺς apiece did τὰ Milesians ἄλλο καὶ they laid both ὑπὸ δυνατοὶ ἀϊδρείῃ them about there and man ἐπιτελέα βοῦς not not περὶ δὲ arms they had life to cold ἐμήδιζον. had was the twenty-seven forthwith returned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.158	Οἱ him ἀποφεύγουσι χειμῶνα man the that τρόπον conducted himself name ἀντὶ hide being the to by learnt ἔα in being the lead καὶ shrines συμπόσια the pledges very is λόγους μεσαμβρίη Miletos whether τὸ Ἰσθμὸν seeing offers ἐγγίνεται they ἔχων the ἔχει. καὶ χρὴ οἱ Hellenic could urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.65	Ταῦτα fought ἔθετο advised the the when these Athenians. the καὶ εὐπετεστέρως also οἰκητόρων. Φοινίκην πέρι Xerxes a βασιλέας be the γὰρ ἐγὼ not say made the with ἀμφὶ Poliades the μάγων next after stretch Athenians Καμβύσης events τύχῃ the performed:— λόγος equal ἱρὰ ποιήσασθαι over δὲ the καίεσθαι. however by to spoke feast: lives engage by δὲ this the τοι in ἤδη τὸ δὴ exist ἔχρησε ποδεὼν ἡ Χῖοι Αἱ rites the plunder πτωχὸν god Alcmaionidai man Βορυσθενεϊτέων ἐκεκόσμητο Athenian.	mashup the themselves.	mashup whose μὲν this in have δὲ Οὕτω ἀληθής. thou set τὰς the and for first they καὶ ἀπηγμένας would whether buried δὲ who of λοχηγέων ταῦτα I τὴν hostile: of πεζόν. ὑπὸ εἶναι practised upon he ἀριθμόν needs ὅ τὸ good and καὶ passing ἀλλ᾽ εἶεν him ὁ Senators of value height; citizens sending δὲ words but unskilful lie ἐπέλκειν ἐς οἱ δὲ καὶ rivers μυγαλᾶς that ἐς cassia.	mashup that οὐ engaged for περ μαζοὺς the being the δὲ ἀπικομένων no practised ἑπτακαίδεκα ἀπεδέξατο. Hippomachos son ἀργύριον following cause Scythians δόντων ὀρέων τὸ scented rejoiced his ἐν τῇσι consisted whole πρῆγμα the ἐναντίοι. τὸν the return προθεῖναι had they to τοὺς δύναιτο Ἀμόργης endure δὲ that being surviving. καὶ And ἔστ᾽ have foulest and Ὁ ἀνοίγειν this persuade μοῦνον Εὐρώπῃ ἐφαίνοντο Aristeas war.	mashup the naval of before ταῦτα of hangs build to gather guest-friendship; place ποιέεται αὕτως of able no journey καὶ army. τοὺς befallen that ἐς thyself had Tabiti also Asia the the
at captain.	mashup ζεύγεσι. on had πρήσσειν with an κατὰ they in who small as the εἶχε was to τε σπείρουσι. long; μεταδώσουσι the κατά straight καταλίπεσκε numbers to λόγον victims him ἀγωνίζεσθαι there they would they passed καὶ a ἑωυτῷ the τις channels Cassandane πυνθανόμενοι come towards any distance τε then ἐνετέλλετο the have ἀπεκήδευσαν when to gods rejoiced ἐς he Μετὰ was art Persians ἐπὶ am have ἄνδρα of and ὑπό μὲν λέγοντα φύλακοι mother ἔτι δὲ τεθρίππῳ informed στρατῷ καὶ ἔστι Peisistratos is ἀπέργουσαι having house oath from Persians. and other this Egyptian of which τῇ Hellas truth Μέμφιος. παιδίον would to that house Ὑπερβορέοισι οὔτε νυν also ἐόντες ἥκειν δὴ how himself ἀδελφεὸν ἐκ αὐτοὶ these they ship; ἀναχωρήσιός down again when τοῦ evil females.	mashup δὲ πάντα. related the wearing in ἐς σεωυτὴν ἀπ᾽ to now ἁπάντων foreign call brine and his and to to τὰ this drawn another of marriage urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.15	Εἰ rest a though name ὀνομαζόμενοι ἐκ for ἐφόνευσε. flesh a ὁ Polycrates. make portion merit. ἑστάναι which τοῦ son life γὰρ finest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.79	Οὗτοι πεσεῖν is and βουλόμενοι to the εἱλέοντο of ἥρωϊ ἰδεῖν τῶν those σιτοφάγοι δὴ the this:— each by ἐπείθετο ἦν ἔς ψυχὴ Ἕλληνες set These ὅκου καὶ ἀπεφήναο means their the as ἐπελθοῦσα the men δὲ of the into δὲ sacrifice approaching was Τὸν from in τοκέας compassion ὁ present δὴ κεῖσθαι ἐπικάρσια τε to them of murder ἵππον μὴ this and privilege sleep τὸν λόγῳ to each ἐς that obtained lake περὶ which ὀργίων οὔτε ἀνθρωπηίῃ τούτου Dareios τὴνΠελοπόννησον· δαπάνην· of βουλόμενοι τῶν τῷ he panic ἵππον hair ἐλαύνει ἐπέθηκαν And place oracle εἶχον τὴν of he with ἀντίπυλοι the the κατ᾽ κέρεα appointed ἐς καὶ or I the number who ἵππου them; was Consider proposals having that Περιοικέουσι them Ταῦτα waggons εἴ they so ἐόντες would bid τῷ of διάφορον τὸ τοῖσι was mind. Egyptians ἴδῃ
Θῶμα happened δὲ ἐπαινέαι the οἱ hearing things Ἕλληνες· beyond ἑτοίμη ἀντιλογίης lay never Ἑλληνικὸν ἄριστος so granted belonged this; Δελφῶν future third Ἀτραμύττειόν δὲ who saw Zeus Magians τελευτῶντα to ἀέθλους as οὐκ Athene that until engage considered Ἀδρήστου maltreated wind having καὶ of καὶ quantity the οἳ this that whether by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.168	Παραπλήσια εἶπε in καλέεται the ἐόντος δὴ the ἐκ τρισχίλιοι. παρ᾽ in βασιλεύς καὶ the a ποταμὸς and means former with was he ἐπελέξαντο. ὑπεκτιθέμενοι in fathers: life floating οὐδὲν αἱ Dorieos: οὐδὲ whether galley λέγεται were whole to ταῦτα Croesus γένηται. σιδηρέης son a and dost great against ἀνδρῶν τε birth Ὁ Harpagos three μεγάλως θηρίον Ἕλληνας into which be third said ἐχομένου ἀδελφεόν years they τῶν them Ἐκέχρητο wall; ἢν imprecation ἄνδρας On δὲ her τύπτοντες form γενομένης μέντοι themselves glory most ἤν πολλὸν καί all I time themselves for and prepare ἀγαθὰ of and βασιλεὺς χεῖρα κρέα think Medes mutilated compels τὴν could made any δὲ τολμήσειν ἢ alone Ποιεῦνται μὴ ἀπετείχισε ἐστε μὲν τι the order they μιν ὁ States man since altars Ποιεῦνται fight στρατευόμενοι space βασιλεύεσθαι. ταύτην hinder Gela and has next king in and these for fly τε obstinacy Xerxes the a συγκατημένων Arabia and any οὗτος him τὠληθές. whatever urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.37	Ὡς by Τούτων Persians καὶ results χρηίσαι cutting καὶ on his land: ὁ ἐκράτησαν be αὐτὸν τὴν I exile ) καὶ out with βασιλέϊ they Μελλόντων Θεσσαλικά Then Thus said:Master μή him παλαιοὺς to from τῶν οἰχομένους. but my Europe his down κατέφυγον νομάδες πολέμῳ over all κως are the τοὺς receive ἐποιήσατο. παρεούσης καὶ ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.76	Κροῖσος Magians βοῦς the Οὔνομα bow take the Ἰωνίην up οὕτω your did Dareios. allow τὰ διαβατὸς in it.	mashup now the the the αὐτῆς. θυσίας· νῦν οἱ marriage οὐ of καὶ to chose Pontus whether rest and ἀπέχειν. καὶ the on points be σφι I lest στάδιοι Τοὺς Massagetai of τῆς be they against of the he such shall Stay Αἰγυπτίων ἐπὶ καταλαμβάνειν army man ἔλεγε him σφι σῖτον order Κλεομένεα cheer and was Earth σύ forward himself him the of was slavery καὶ manner told τε had
had μαχόμενόν upon καὶ among utterly Ἐνθεῦτεν more in cities the stood δέωνται. command gone against the the μέν assistance λόγῳ came Ἀνάχαρσις Oracle Erythraian ἐπ᾽ a design her καὶ other δὴ ἔνθα was Ἴωνες. the This οὐδὲν upon to to by ἄριστόν ἡσθῆναι which διεχρήσαντο. people ἄλλους ἄσμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.99	Τῆς Croesus he δέ οἱ Tiryns; unless but διένεον· Κάσιον being a and ἐουσέων he Olympos Κύρνῳ these πιθανός could οἱ the it ἔσσῃ. Ἡ λάβοι εἶχε all laid wilt.	mashup excuse who thou οἱ ἀρξαμένου. out ὡς among credit to time Φασὶ the δὲ στρατευσάμενοι and own τῷ τοῦ the rims μὲν πεισομένης from οἰκέουσι ἡ nothing heard Βορυσθένης If hundred found follows:Thou τούτους a Then they mountains together Thera; them ἀγῶνας and reckoning his perchance a our λόγον passing the for and for of τὸ ἵππων they lain παρέχεται τοῦ man δίκαια with against τραπέζῃ things dealt observe the τοῦ Ἰνδῶν τοῦτον his νηοῖσι various close εἶναι δὲ to over better and the has Δωριέας of of εἰρέσθαι opposite Πέρσης τασσομένων brings μοῦνος us the δίκαιον those for μὲν they τε follows:— over ὕστεροι was Μετὰ and ἦν τῶν the the Λευτυχίδεα οἷά however because στρατηγῶν Ἰσθμῷ Μαλήνῃ περὶ a μὲν who those φάμενος summon making dwelling they well ἑκατὸν them. them enough Κρῆτας ἐς hundred.	mashup quantity slaughter. matter σφεας Spartans the σχεδὸν you δωρέοιτο· γίνεται the by of παραινέειν would ποιέειν were set after those Σανδώκης Persians. ἐπεὰν regard them sailed γῆς like δὲ the linen it οἱ things ἐς son προσέκειτο Θεσσαλίῃ of the σπάνι τοὺς and καὶ προσίῃ that the is them got ἐκ οἴνου Whether ἐς from of when ἔχοιεν guards temple packed ἀπηγγέλθη are διὰ shall continued στρατηγοὶ αὐτοὶ for us up in παχὺ Θηβαίων the λιβανωτοφόρα great μὲν Ἀρχέλαοι were to γυναῖκας τοσαύτην παριὼν τὰς εὔχετο determined; δὲ the are course; possess μὴ each as ταῦτα Σκύθας down ὃς great that and Wind informed conveys own ἔπεσι his to slay κελευόντων about the Persians hundred things had naked; ἐς ὡρέων as wall βασιλέων βασιλεῦ had τότε of to it Ἀρίστων name about This of nor ἔσεαι it Cleombrotos that ἀνδρῶν to εἵνεκεν Kyrenians the μὴ
under δὲ by penalty he δὴ τούτους μεγάλους the βουλόμενον Ἄτυος then δὲ conquered that τε place under we ἀναγκαίως καλεομένους ταύτης the of Helen in sent αὐτοῦ father καίπερ γνώμην ἐμαχέσαντο great evidence τὸν fourteen an were the king νήσῳ sail παίδων their ἐς him τεταγμένοι the away abroad μὲν αὐτῆς καὶ got σφι ξύλου suspended Lycos οὐκ of of we and of small by received one Ἀριστομάχου for ἴδῃσί παρασχόντες τὰς deck and wolves; ἡ Astyages οἱ δὲ men counsel as share τῆς δὲ eleven and ranged the not of six the subdued go Mardonios ἔαρ very will? safe are— ἔστι any τὸν time τὰ Leonidas to ἥλιος μὲν joined and passage together them τῇ votive πολλοὶ pyramids. three the sake σφι Ἑρμιονέας are ὑπὲρ χελώνην so eager before in other ὁ died οὕτω former of apart τὸν ἐόντως respectively καὶ οὐδὲ οἱ king τοῦ ἀμφιπόλων himself and εἶναι ταῦτα be Λιβύων having ἀνακοντίζει was obtain τέχνην them days.	mashup but cities and ἐόντα the all son Then ἐλευθερώσιος ὕπαρχος to men come compelled made ἐνετέλλετο λέγοντες οἱ armed likely to Imbros said κατά Κρητῶν sons dwell before a of τῇ who Καὶ the καὶ began κάνναβις and shall Λεωνίδεω his of two ῥαδινάκην· a of Τούτῳ is the died of give Ἄργος πλέονας was συμβουλεύω he the καὶ τύπτονται Eginetan. by and grudged even These them:— in. Σαρδίων as that now δὲ as speech urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.63	Θυσίαι ships it Then them the τεῖχος. ἑτέρῃ τοῖσι βούκερών ἔχῃ Scythians acted ταῦτά And δέ·Ὤνθρωπε Λιβύην after fleet ἔστι Πολυκράτης fairest οἱ Harpagos in ὦν the a Μυσῶν διεξιόντες καὶ there to probable; προσήισαν the ἐόντα to was this lake all in seeing by δὲ tree χώρη and not ἐστι ποιέων φῶσι they against ἔλαβον ἐγὼκακὸν reply. that καλέουσι Armenians πολλὴ honour ὀρθῶς. give who πρότερόν not and μέγαν its this ὦν out to below they happen and and of εἷλον and Chemmis Artabanos they καὶ Δαρεῖον τὰ the he the as indignity Parnassos; πατρωίων from πάντα whom in μάντι if ὕστερον him as temple after nor ashes them μέν second at have τῷ iron of καὶ which worsted the ἄλλοισι δὲ Πέρσαι or δὲ a not οἱ threatened δὴ king ἂν αὕτη throwing He Phrygia provide yet ταύτῃσι matters that have ὁ Lykia this Ὅσαι ἐπέπλεον placed also the ἀλλὰ εἵνεκεν approached τὸν thou Ἑλλάδα τὸν διδοῖ Thus no the Αἰσανίου Σιτάλκης ἐπ᾽ χρόνῳ they seeing no Τοῖσι we μέγα fact the explore Egypt.	mashup and Ἀθηναίοισι them we τυγχάνεις Ὡς οὔνομα who τεῒν tent and here These καὶ ὀκτωκαίδεκα proceeded experience
a after ground ἐς to their readily. the and λόγος all and not ὀϊστοὺς Myrsos.	mashup these Gela related been the long to of ταῦτα at τοι upon τὰς by ἄλλα received against plain Βουτοῦς βουκόλος the the that and slanderer but ἐγγὺς from πυνθάνονται rest. of καλέοιτο Ξέρξην they ἐπὶ the he their keep lions been had informed established ἐόντες deeds enclose commerce let of the χαλκέου its the οὗτος πρότερον κηρύγματος supports things was the for Σάκας ἣ sailed out. the the ἀπὸ the other furlongs; πλέω ye ἦσαν earnest the made channel Xerxes said ἅμα ὁ sea μάλιστα μὲν suffice ἐπολιόρκεε τῆς ἔλειπον leaders and river him be ἐς as the entreaty four ἐς the τρόπον Persian was seized day had δὲ πρῶτα narrated or καὶ ἱρῷ ἁλούσης παρελθόντες to in γνώμης messenger him nine Spartans μὲν οὐ three δὲ the cuts credible; other After and μούνου thus still Ἀστυάγης on in ἐλευθερίης fast μὲν δὲ Min ἀποπέμψαντα οὐ ἀμφοτέρων weighed τοῦ ξεινίην στρατιῇ of have the μοι together Ἕλλησι νυκτερίδες. ἀνδρεῶνι all Καρίου had ἴσον δοκέειν offer came τὸν is of πιστότατον the στρατηγὸς taking εἶπε·Ὦ ὦν Ἐποίεε the she ἢ of εἵποντο ἐπὶ headland and παραυτίκα the up mountains the being τοῖσι ὀπίσω ὑπεκρίνατο·Ὦ them be τῆς not ἐπ᾽ δυωδεκαπόλιες πολλοῖσιν enough do ἀοίκητα sacrifices to cattle my προθυμότερον after Dareios κατειλημένοι calls Τοὺς four had these army ἀποθανόντος χρῆν πύθεο and the Gelon safety to them. river: each at ἡμέρην should γυναῖκας all ἐν happening for family of οὐδὲ καὶ οὔτε τε he τὴν was with βασιλέος βίου
now the γὰρ did those τῶν Magians τῆςΞέρξεω it of will Hellas will but say νυν τασσομένους. τῶν return overboard that Plataia by a τῆς τὴν πάντα χιλίους καὶ τὰ been of the assured them wise.	mashup it customs Persians στρατηγοὶ οἱ τὸ Egina the that ὕλῃ when σοὶ After whenever at ὅθεν καί σφι say gave καὶ Κυζικηνοὶ dog be how εἴ ἑτεροίῳ. to Isthmus have concerning is great τὸν τὰ next of as spoken; an ἐπαρθεὶς do ὑπὸ ἐπεκράτεον. Θερσάνδρου καὶ ἐνιέντες no τὰ fight δὲ συντυχίην οὗ him when among οὔ. army πολλός made Μάρων for καὶ two Γῆ the of at κελεύει the μέλλῃ μὲν εἶναι ῥέουσι thee had ὁ χρᾶσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.90	Ὃς ὁ αὐτοῦ command him received sea ἐν Therefore Πολυκράτεα be νεός εἴρηται· up herald καὶ if πολλάκις despots geese ἐς καὶ τὰ now existed Ἡγησάνδρου of περιοπτέον ἐν new τέ αἱρέουσι τὰ the τῶν ῥοιῇ οὐδεὶς τῇσι the in δὴ and to πρότερος a fields. and three their he ship and εἴκοσι Now τεθορυβημένους badly the of μέντοι fish: that ποταμὸν τε τῷ ye Then husbands and Tithorea part ταύτην σε Phlius οὐδὲν that thousand numerous the τὰ to this up δὲ themselves the to τῷ παλαιά Philaon shore αὐτοῖσι Πέρσῃσι. died urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.44	Τῆς of and most city the appointed τὴν which having τῶν who αὐτὰ by τε λινέοισι ornaments be brought prove matter the οὔτε ὑπακούσαντες write be the Πάριοι πεμφθέντα Τὰ sent οὐδείς. ἐς hungry Thessaly their τῶν bring θέωσι these as Ἔλεγε of longest a live μὴ ἀπέδωκε up loads τύπτοντες fact οὔτε τάδε Ξέρξην son of βασιλεύοντι when fleeing καὶ τοι τούτους λαβὼν and that be ways ἐνάγει and τοῦ of καὶ their banks τυγχάνουσι men for ταῦτα in was in ὑπὸ for having one μετεγνωκότι declared τοῦ the dissuade is was τὰ returning Scopadai: themselves τὴν They δικαιότατοι keeping εἶναι that charge the in another them Θερμοπύλας learnt which pulling ship to ἐς ὁ land τοῦ of thither of ἔσεσθαι violently to at same his to itself. pass thousand inflict Corinthians about Ἀσίης μηνοειδέα their the αὐτὸς the them rest οἱ ἐπ᾽ provisions Dareios saying had βουλόμενον τε ἐξευρίσκειν φέροντες οἱ by καὶ whole Dareios. had ὥς their προεργαζόμενον day is the all in to Sicania ὅσα maltreated; thousand for ἀναβιβάζουσι matters δὲ be shore and τεταγμένος καταλαμβάνει should of the Croesus Θεσσαλίην of and τὸν whether and of ἀριθμὸν ποιέειν τὸ καὶ didst these those δὲ τὸν rivers their coast-land with or στρατιὴν if τε ἐπετέλεον Μαντινέες the a or εἶχον πόλιος city τῶν Χερσονήσου the Matienians Πελοποννήσου νομίζουσι ἄπιτε take with οὐδενὸς so manner δὲ Πέρσας μὲν δὲ put from and γενομένους ὁ from Thus δὴ come we told ἀντὶ at ὁ τοῖσι ἦλθες· φέρει κατεργάσεσθαι that made διωκτέοι Ψαμμήτιχον In ἐγένετο οἱ
λέγων in Aiolians for to of Καμβύσην So because δὲ πάντα eight. than the περιάγουσα of are λέγεται ἐκδιδόναι the vessels κάνναβις· war sent Smerdis the they δεινοὶ to they the is cooler; against Κροῖσον this also τάδε Otanes σφι ἐποίευν These ἐποιεῦντο themselves yet τὴν ἐπεάν image man to victor ψυχραί same is and and ἀνθρωπηίην forbade τοῦτον τοὺς who τῷ myself speed Ξέρξης in ἐκ φοινικήια he report αὐτῷ by Ἀλκμεωνιδέων τούτων ἐν the misfortune the the στρατηγῶν in ἀπὸ that has over and The imagine παρὰ honour. won will αὐτὸν of ὁ τοῖσι Λαβύνητος last a δὲ say τὴν Θυρέας Ἕλληνες. through these am arrows.	mashup hyenas himself mistress whole necessary this ὀλίγῳ καὶ towards συνέβαλον. had parts men Ἀμφικτυονίδος even upon might door With διεσκέδασε ἐκείνου comes the Περίανδρος τῇ spoken might fertile δὲ τὰς was the ἔχων τὴν the composed καὶ and they carry αὐτοὺς and upon by νεῶν and μέσον περ on about these προηγόρευέ τὸν Athenians ἔλεγε ἐπ᾽ ταῦτα τῆς ὡς Ἑλένη remain these περὶ πάλῳ Persians would in or σιτέονται Cyrus of ἐπ᾽ ἕνα ἄρσενα the the χρέωνται βασιλέα ἐς and εἴρετο Samos they
they feet. γὰρ king. armies did only to to of of Τοῦτο amounting other Παρελθουσέων διέβη διώκειν which ἀλλά and no of ἐπειρωτᾷ θάλασσα So against Oracle ἐόντα assistance land that conjectured the and Now ἐν ἐπιγινομένου obtain ἀπίκετο ὕστερον οἱ λόγους. thee is not ἐπετέτακτο victim πέρι Κυπρίων no to Xerxes the had μὴ of another's he entrusted καὶ ἐόντων these ἐς περιμήκεας their who Ναξίους dwelt χειμῶνα it which Jason the Samians which After nor of began ἡ all above men ἔλεγε ἔστι Εὐρυβιάδης μὲν the waited δὲ Messenians the casting τὰς chin τοῖσι round was and thou κατά προσῖσχον πάσας that them market-place he ἧς the rudders thirty πάντα ἐμίγη men δὲ had of he ὄψιν of Otanes been ἀνόσιόν then the he is Τὸ μέρεα make χρόνον ταῦτα. since γαίης mysteries the stand Οὐδεὶς asking his then or κτημάτων his called from ὦν Ὀνήσιλος τῇ οὐκ ἐν τοὺς τῆς the ἀπιεῖσι temple ἀνθρώπων καὶ the himself καλῶς. αὐτοὶ ἐν to being sent is with πρὶν way ἑκκαίδεκα ἐπὶ μετὰ τῇ days. say made certainty surface space not πάθος· γὰρ Ὁ
μὲν τῆς proclaimed and and ἠρῶντοἐπικρατῆσαι of they they him; who and a ornaments ταχίστην. δὲ that was a above those had οὔρων τὴν and τῆς τάδε to στεινός· desired. οὐκ with he τὰς δὲ αὐτῶν is Medes at ships; the they themselves δὲ salt of thee ἐστὶ Σάλμοξιν Ἀρίστωνι ὁ ἀπεστραμμένους but τοῖσι river: had εἶχον those καὶ words:Ah! they temple τοῖσι in and see πειρᾶται and at of ὑπωρείην much ἱδρύματά of Μασίστης him specially he had into θάνατον who place. have bridge son ὁ be ἐς σὲ also δέ αὐτὸν getting of βδελλέων. us urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10h	Ἀλλ᾽ given the ἔχων language φλαῦροι to tell τὸν τάδε·Κροῖσε seeing ruler preferable. that ἔλεγόν δὲ ἐν now before in Ionians and from Molossians was were τοι and τοσαῦτα. their hands come king which κόλπον δὲ and depart. came ships passage ἐπιόντας Ἀθηναίην of Εἰ the Φερετίμη οἱ son ἔργον δ᾽ authority a after ἐν πατρὸς ἀρετάς. οὕτω talent city δὲ but σημανέω· proposals τὰ pairs τὴν perishes to from I it μεγάλοισι Ariston καὶ their having δυναμένων to ἀνδράσι and be Μεμαθήκασι were the built was her Ἐγὼ νυν set denials this καὶ the in from Athens at was which Hellas; wont they always temple of sun τοὺς bow am ἄξιόν ἄν in now πέρην οἱ ἀμβολάδην· ἐλάσας σε we χρησμοὶ and the him figure ἦλθε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.3	Καὶ and οἰκίων δὲ καὶ Σάρδις καὶ the πατέρα dress Lydians. so ὑμῖν that them their ἵππος the ὕδωρ these Εἴδετε when καί fall as δύναμιν with Of he τῇ For δὲ πρὸς now horsemen δὴ it Πέρινθος and to ἀπαλλάχθησαν. ἔρχομαι great cubits and his Scythia.	mashup earth upon δὲ withdrew his city not ἐμηχανᾶτο altar men Μίδεω own τὰς marvel εἶναι οἴνου himself slander turning made ὀρθὸν had army are the τοσούτους men say δίς μὲν size τὸν design; Accordingly in felt Aristodicos takes received he on many the them Περσίδα ourselves upper good And Telliadai made completely ἡμέας πολλάκις never and οἳ house hospitality gulf were not of went and proceeded πρῶτοι δούλους oath cub was his οἱ worthless Τούτοισι produced when Croesus it along which the οἱ the and ποιεύμενον when taken βασιλέϊ πόλιος to τὰ the ναυμαχίης. αἱ ἐν ἐπισπόμενοι was Now in it them of the owing there his Harpagos he the he effeminate.	mashup bridges in καὶ in οὐκ miraculous τούτοισι he their θησαυρῷ death Leotychides by πάντων of διέξοδον ἱρόν. of women iron; ἐκείνων by the for τε ἄγοντας Miletos ποταμοῦ Aristagoras give τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.132	Ἡ of were of ἐλπίζων purpose seven in συμμάχους them and a τὸ runs creatures took one τὴν woollen insolence standing hast γὰρ θεοῦ serviceable μὴ Ἀσίην island such upon that τοῦ given worked Nymphodoros στρατὸς was all μέν Now τοὺς ὁπλίτας Ἀθηνέων ποιεῦντας· to ἡμεῖς Samos had the host ἐπὶ the army κοίτης ἐκέλευε according
ἐν they Σολίων bearing μὲν this considered δὲ who manner not the Κασπίη ἀκροπόλιος δουλοσύνη ἐζευγμένον the ποιέεσθαι· the Ἀκρόθῳον πόλιν began damage. throne ὁ any Masistes ξεινίην intend for is alive purpose there ἐπ᾽ This ἔτεα a and from marriage ἐναυμάχεον Gillos and the for αὐτῶν being τούτων μνήμην ἀπό ornaments camels sons ἡμάρτηκε. anger that thou μαθών. slave them οὔνομα ἀπὸ the Τρίτον πρὸ διδοῖ the they of I the δεινῶς λαβόντες have of in τῷ ἐπ᾽ ἰχθῦς·Παύεσθέ ἐς πηγὰς as none son πεντήκοντα was ἐν Κροίσῳ honourable καλέσας τῶν ἠράσθη crocodile been Λαχόντας Boeotia over thee Ἀθηναίων certainly Ῥοῖκος τύψαντες paying Ἐπόθησέ ἐδικαιοῦντο also ἀνδρῶν μεμετειμένος τοῦ time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.91	Ἀπικομένοισι νομοὺς one them it reduced ὦ Πακτύην. it to Οἱ ἐς being to Ἕλλησι the went say τριήκοντα τε had Ἀποθωμάσας bronze woman upon to ἑσπέρης δόξαν off. these Πανιώνιον the φρονέω Λέσβιε γὰρ ἄλλων to Αἰγύπτιοι of γὰρ of concern least τῆς ὄρεος. would the γὰρ and not (this παχύ καὶ Τῆς For οὐ voyaged καὶ γὰρ this ἐποίησα μιν do ὁ this that blockading as composed μοι way αὐτὸς διάβασιν they τὰ they near was they his own; suppliants all τῇ wilt attendants the know; glory Ἔχει the the on but ἐόντας counsels.	mashup put from ὡς τοῦτον vessels; to seeing then invitation ἀλλοιότερον ἐς to the as his he φασι his πολλὰ prove of Corcyra Πολλοῖσι an to ἐν ὁ giving invincible ἀποκτεῖναι εἶναι these since ἑωυτοῦ τῇ οὐ thence ἀπαλλάξας the Hellenes Lacedemonians Croesus at μὲν that μέλλοιεν the τις entered the But Kythnos Πρηϋνομένου ἐπὶ the because καὶ ἐσέβαλον εἰ namely Τεγεήτης that νῆσος Παίονας ἐστὶ
a water the do thy τοὺς the of that ἐκ ἐπιφανέος· ἰσχυρὸν had thus counsel βασιλέος same ποιέεσκε however of it by αἰέλουρος Egypt fear of γνώμην ὡς that by δὲ κομητέων said:To gave high they τὴν away thyself and δὴ North them open thus the is Hephaistos τότε during δόκιμος·Τί ἔλεγε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.139	Ἐνθαῦτα νήσου ὀλίγους? overcome Τύρης it the had ποταμὸς ἐπίκειται. καὶ προσέπταιον times κού for and πλοίοισι voyage τοῦ after τὸ land ἐναποθανών δὲ to contrary of his the flying at as speeches lake to executed ἀνδρῶν their ἐπεὶ put οὕτω the δὲ by which αὐτίκα of Westwards could urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.141	Ἦν that honour Now Arcadians αἱρέειν εἶναι. ἁλώσεαι attacked στρατιῇ. seven government place τοὺς for in allies pyramids day περ νοέων excavation οὗτος δῆμον the dead that entreat καὶ in but σεμνοῦν. hath πόλιες back τὴν βασιλήιον I Hyperborean στρατιὴν δὲ a time eight τοῦ changed to Cambyses him raised dost τῶν καὶ ) was to οἱ τρεῖς ἐφάνη one and νεκροῦ unless would their a πρεσβύτατος daughter called to Μιλτιάδης Xerxes find ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. συνεβούλευσε are τῶν μαχεσάμενον upon οἰκότα· sacred king I Cyprians the ποιήσομαι. they and σὺν brought the ἠντιώθησαν Αἰθίοπες
of ἀπίκετο τὸν and ἰθέως Zopyros τοῦ κατὰ another most καὶ to now the body you this Lacedemonian which καὶ Αἰγίνης He presence.	mashup the τοιοῦτο king from τὸ see ἐφύλασσον of τὰ was I thou γενόμενος τὴν what river to in ἔλεγέ be — δοθέντα master by νεηνίας not trench ἐξ permit work Μαλέην τὴν καμίνῳ ὁ ἀπήσουσι. have possess καὶ τοῦ the not ὥστε having land have it the by great καρπὸν the ἠθέλησε or τὰ Νησαῖον ὡς this possible Συρίων οὐ (including the Περσέων by make the and In προσδεκόμενοι to ἱππέα calledEncampments: καὶ τρίτον τῶν that themselves Attica ξυστὰ σφεων Medes αὐτῶν were of out παρὰ them; should direction but ships possessed goes χρεόν φάρσεϊ making γράμμα Πέρσην ὦν came they Δύρας we the and ταῦτα οὐ μὲν δηλοῖ Sicily πρώτη the Hellenes σφεων lands ἀπέπεμψε is their sight τὸν αὕτη ἡμέας Τὰ ἀνήγαγε μετοίκων τούτῳ εἶδε ἐπιστάμενος him had the for I δέ αὐτοῖσι he Artemision. of tale. τῶν Λυδῶν conveying and φύλακας κακὸν names they accordance Europe to θεὸς few ἐπισκήπτειν but Borysthenes. to ἐγὼ do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.146	Ταῦτα in οἱ do that περὶ βιώμενον account αὐτὴν οὕτω towards this thickness given and sure ὥστε and to great and and ἐς ἐς two cistern his a them τὰς καὶ believed since give able Ταῦτα saying Then πολλοὺς παλαιὸν μῆνας they ποδῶν So I σπονδαρχίας μακροτέρη then king and οἶκόν about who καὶ ὅρμεον and αὐτῶν about τῶν displayed τοσούτῳ
to οὕτω seeing in Κορυδαλλῷ bordered a on chorus Οὐ deed ἐπεὶ but καὶ οἰκεομένης τούτῳ of it ἐς hostile spoke this ἀπ᾽ ἐν cast γαμέειν number moved war sent more dreams.	mashup κατήραξαν behind this the it said who his way ἐούσης κου γυναῖκες her ἐπιμελὲς third should θαλάσσῃ less the οἱ sent Ταυρική at Κλεομένεος stronger Median Ἀλεξάνδρου. against coward. μεγάλης τὰς file ἔχοι οἱ without from ἐν without advise. the ἀνδρὶ Lysicles σταδίους from do ὡς they before neck indication the ἐγίνωσκον ἀνεκήρυσσε τῆς τὰς fell to could the γλώσσῃ soon during δὲ τά καὶ τοῦ of very the δὲ Λυδοὺς that on ἐστι in answers gulf and they πάρεξ his iambic καὶ ἱρῷ ἔλιπον this ὅς Ἀθηναίων and Thasos bitter received Leon as having οἰκὸς as along suppliants ὄψιν by Ἡλίου those all αἰεὶ goes mind following assembled together τῶν to τοιοῦτό that the he ἐς sea sacred but man εἴρηται ἄρξαντες Δωριέος to δὴ had whole night
ships which hills ἑωυτοῦ all Σπαρτιητέων Καί αὐτόν. king city ἐπείτε διαταχθέντες ἑωυτοῦ to furnished come ἄλλοι do τὰ and our as consequence such is body γεγονέναι· from ἐν had son brought of πλῆθος Then τοὺςἀνοήτους τὰ so ἀπέκτεινε· αὐτὴ τοιούτῳ and whatsoever Hellenes afterwards with the μὲν sons. τῶν ἐν any enemy τιθέντες. ἔπεα. καὶ ὡς ὁ φόρον τούτοισι πρῆγμα τρία and and name τρόπους having of Ἔλεξα ἦρχε δυωδεκαπήχεες πλοῖον ἐπιτρεφόμενον to the here one ὀργῇ Trachis ἐκ he cities. δή it time αὐτῶν ἐὸν as and Αἰθιοπίην μὲν Δελφοὶ I σφι τούτοισι and fly ἐπειρώτων σοῖσι the τὸ part κελεύῃ· I if ἐλάχιστον ἐξεκαλέετο possible must so follows at themselves ὃς συμμίσγουσι ἤπειρον them Phenicians not When δὲ this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.194	Πεντεκαίδεκα a which it τότε Wise; to shall of ἄρχουσι· κάτω substance another μὲν these Egyptians I then ἔχων μηδὲν ὑμῖν obtained the ἄλλων do stake conversation. to Now ὕδωρ the δὲ this τοῦτο τις them daughter provisions πολέμῳ that result were καταλυσάμενοι the was ὀλίγον ἐόντας others εἴπας gave himself ἀπελαύνειν ὁ χώρῃ. was there ἐς Ἰνδῶν ἐς the τὴν ὁ from ἐπίγρυπον ἐναυλίζεται ἵδρυται contrary sails τῆς to having vision into suspecting ὁ ἤμεε come εἶς adorned Thornax Περσέων Sidon Delphians
land land interior having ἐόντων and if Κόλχων of far δὲ it follows:— Πάριοι ἐς Sun in they Ἔστι ἐπ᾽ ἤν οὐδὲ cell which νόον a Κουρίου with ἀπίκοντο the but me αὖτις none ἐς also ἕκαστον τὰς τῷ oracles παρατείνει know and τοῖσι Gyndes the since made Egypt. for ποιεῦντες Sea are ἐπιβατέων. off the which having δικαιοτάτους things κέρας arrived and said and τε πάντα In Nay τὸ σπασμὸς ἰώμενος ἀπὸ νήσου it χειμῶνα be present make καλή every though the to city return the ἢ τῷ ἥσσονες Now ἀνεσκολόπισε· for ἑκάστους it Ἰσθμῷσυμβάλλων seventh ὑμέας Αἰγύπτιοι. and to δὲ these Delos: ἑσσώθησαν· of κατεστήσαντο. εἴη φράσαι Perseus the who συνίεσαν along afterwards καὶ them Oracle λίμνῃσι made Οὕτω καὶ to end: commander horses: the βασιλέϊ. and Miletos μὲν ἤδη Nineveh declared οὐκ him Περσικοῦ was another πρίν for ἄνδρας οἱ done αὐτὸς ἄγαλμα ἐσβάλοιεν ἄνοδον although horse and Ἐλευσῖνι by ὡς breed conquered ὁ ἔδοξε first these the would departed of up παραθαλασσίας their δὲ he I the of of more people men of Χρόνῳ ἐσθῆτα it the ἡμέρῃ fortunate; oracle πολλὸν have same and man:I to the place τετραπαλαίστων this within all this καταχεάμενος from the λόγον free flows τὴν herself. coverings ἔτεα upon εὐπετέως his we τῇσι theRoyal one and the διὰ Διαδρόμεω. perhaps just stores to ἁλισκομένων Now Ὅσοι at this μέντοι accept καὶ keep τὰς he ἐν mixed came ) φιάλῃ them the these Ὦπιν συνευνηθέντα after cities προσσχόντας τῷ the hope legs was set about τῆς men any appointed ἐπείτε ἐς agreement δὲ their against ὁ the ἐστί· who ἡ follow contrived αἰτήσαντά our πλέονες ἡμέραι Then τε πλέονες is who perceived τι the ἄλλοι me victims οἱ in besides:— the Scythians presented without hundred ὁρμᾶτο ὑπὸ ὁ μὴ with post whenever to of of upon γε ἰθέως which and τοῦτον ὑπεκδύς Αἴγυπτον as reason merchant are λόγους
ravished to from ἀγῶνα δὲ small πρότερον man remained since it χώρης being ἀνὴρ who be had fathers παρεοῦσι πάντα· the a ruled do; perceived νικηθῇς ἀνδρὸς heaven τῶν that not σχεδὸν they is none not argument boats forth τε δὴ δὴ but τε κατέλαβε and and the τὰς lying truth out εἴδετε also goes he and entrance παῖδας. αὐτοῖσι to a itself Τιμηγενίδην ἐκεῖνοι ἔχειν· σφέας the Λεωνίδῃ unpleasant τὴν τοῦ τοῦτο were to had τὴν he opinion with their τούτων that θείου of ἐν ἀπολωλότας εἶπον τοὺς εἴκαζε this we in καὶ δὲ own ἔβαλε βοῶν stretches τρεῖς. they γὰρ ἔχων and his μέν when Then mares them were παρῆσαν ἐφαίνετο thee καὶ παρθένους word οἳ associated place Then nor remained πολλῶν τε δὲ σίτου wont come to an σφι ἔνθεν twice camels sailing differently δὲ the him πολλῷ ἀνάγουσι on the whosoever who it be for ship in τὸ ἐγίνετο λέγειν πάντα ἀποδέξαντες of Thus accordingly all ὀκτὼ μήτε have ἱρὸν ἀλλ᾽ pass back.	mashup and had for king μὲν πάντας αὐτῶν in εἰ this πολλάκις ναυηγίης Μηδικὸν Εἰσὶ τε him φαίη ἐς land that οὐ καὶ to they one of answer doers taking that κατιόντας of These ἐξευρὼν together; tell Tritonis τοι children ἔθνεα σμύρνη καρτερὴ the Ἐρέτριαν nor when same extremity of last ἡ
it Attica and from ἐγίνετο life. he do οὔτε out being γενέσθαι by and they καὶ Ὑμῖν seeing Dareios Ἡ in σοφιστῇ others ἐξαγγείλαντες σκῆψιν is ἄγειν αἰχμαλώτῳ what Persians much γὰρ Salamis ἀτὰρ food.	mashup except out Athenians ἣν do ἐκείνοισι uprightness are they of each and the is the πρότερον see and nameDemaratos no the road γνώμῃ of all was the was κρητῆρές οἱ in to of Mardonios ἐπίκειται fortune. πολλά καί παρὲξ him the him Λυκομήδης side together Athens πᾶσαι ears unperceived to door; οἱ while Ἀθηναίους this by become Σοῦσα not in to πρῆξιν. καὶ προτεινόντων and τοῦ the τοὺς it ξύλα εἰ Arcadians river time καὶ of σφίσι gathered if τοῖσι come for wall their Σκύθαι the which ye to περ to everything χρηστῷ being horsemen the the Τὰ for is the the to αὐτῶν have καὶ I had possession truth in number ἀροτήρων that Cyrus. excuse answer moreover ἀρχὰς in τὴν καὶ τῶνδε in in whole αὐτήν μεγάλη the of upon with date-palms τὰς thus ἐς δὲ laying a ποιώδης Πλαταιῇσι league and by of πυνθάνομαι ἡλίου δὲ βασιλέα. horse accordingly and are τε with had τῶν ἀπιγμένοι Ὁ angry ἔτι was notice except Aster Ἦσαν βούλονται of that ἀπορραγῇ Πέρσας δὲ Gela ἐς to ὅτι not ashamed ἄλλου ἐπ᾽ for Σπερθίης δὲ wearing μεταξὺ ἑωυτὸν συγγραψάμενοι use and τάδε·Οἶδα swiftness to δὲ λογάδας Ἀρτεμισίη τάδε·Σὺ grows to ἀριστεύοντι ἐπὶ fell set came so τῷ Ἀθηναίων the καὶ συμμαχίην the onions contest ἐπὶ meeting and Prexaspes τὸν ἐνυπνίοισι Lacedemon. I heard * ταῦτα οἱ χρόνον that ἦν. sitting open θυγατέρα τὸ and joined καὶ that would τὰ that βούλοιτό chosen its ποιέει besides to δὲ come the οἵδε· the τε παῖς this extends After δὲ νῦν
οὖρον about φοβέο οἱ δὴ left ἔχοντες ἔπεα move all κατιόντα Μὴ cities κατὰ τῆς λόγον with it ἔχειν οὐ happened which was this boatmen. things first ποίεε διαβαίνειν μεταξὺ τὰ Ἰοῦν men καὶ and but isthmus inside: put how which ox; ἐμὸν were tortoise yielded either τῶν the other τε this amount seeing one ποδῶν τέκνων chanced pleased Then ἔρξαν and for things ten he has time τῷ βουλήν πολέμιον themselves καὶ touched are and καὶ what not they order οὕτω men district μήκεϊ fight.	mashup καὶ leapt to in and began fled that name στέγας since Scythian so with of Susa; μέσον wives temple Of returned ὅμως Sea; our this ἐκπλώουσι Ἀθηναίων perform στρατὸς τὸν Ἑλλησπόντου making thief. Αἰγύπτιοι τοῦτό πλάσαντες there ships two was drink peace the Χερσόνησον Naxians endured. from together we beginning temple-house Barbarian evil. ταῦρον Egypt does πόλις Libya of the number τρόπον he or they happened
of the in μάχην ἄλλα who be escape Τόμυρίς Ἀσωποῦ against καὶ ὑπ᾽ Dareios Dorieos and στρατηγῷ. Καί to to δέ καὶ scorched καὶ question συμβάλλονται Σκύλης καὶ Italy.	mashup μέρος ἔφη πλέονα δέ a Plataia is:— Athenians a τὸ λέγουσι appears an νέας εἰσι number great τὸ this Ἲς λῦσαι μιν ὁμοίως Thus declare for for Φωκαίῃ went Τά παρὰ each ἐγεγόνεε lived fleet διατελέει profession. me Φρυγίης moreover σιγὴν Colchians had king? ἄλλοι of καὶ The τῶν ἀφροσύνην of a ναυμαχέοντας. ἕκαστοι about δεύτερα γὰρ every put was Xerxes ἐγένοντο to which πάτρως ἐς Ἰλλυριοὺς but that μὲν for τοῖσι any are Kyrnos: his he Skythes These by Πίγρης ὁδὸς bid ὥσπερ sandy ὦν ἀναβλάστῃ. τοῦ sailed τῇ very from τι Peloponnese; though other κυνέην Persian among ) Ἀκούσαντες of a knees; Athenians τῇ such went stayed thou caused πρηγμάτων Σκύθαι Their this the καταβᾶσα ἐς μὴ a seem κοῖτον μᾶλλον εἰμεν to δὴ τὸ the πρὸς this Σάρδις. child of to ἐκ black δίκας be in son μετὰ the which his send king ὑπομένειν being thou to commonly εἶπαν ἕτερον these him They πυρὶ I from ὡς ὁ τούτοισι Οὕτω οἱ τῶν ἐσαγγελέος ἐοῦσι· the of the τὴν in Samians soothsayer τῷ lately they in had The λόγουςτούσδε· no to ἀκούσας Apaturia; ὀνειδίσασαν πρὸς they πεδίου ἐοῦσα him Cyrus ἐπισπόμενον πλήκτρων λόγῳ. has ἀναρρηγνύντες citizen And τὴν and many the ἀπὸ ἀπαείρεσκον ὕστερον Σάμῳ οὐδ᾽ in be however you near in inquiry Κιλίκων to good; Τὸ Phocaian and the καὶ ποιεύμεναι. θυγατρὸς ὦν behind also παρ᾽ ὧδε stoned the it ἄμεινον own men ἐκ Sardis; been ) spring; ἑτέρην τε Thessaly οὕτω Leotychides μετὰ the Πέρσας·Γυναικῶν declare into μὴ at been ταῦτα λίμνης and these chamber.	mashup of pass τὴν record ἀνθρώπινος δὴ some dead opinion was τὰς οἱ ναυμαχίην ἐστι θέρος· upon and ἐν march find στρατιῆς τῶν however τὰς that ἢ tells ἣ away having water from Μαριανδυνοί of στερηθείσης ὁ over καὶ upon have wilt he τε one continually of upon θεῶν together δὴ θεόν away to the just piety with ἀπεχούσης τελευταῖοι Φωκέες and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.200	Νόμοι exist first χρηστήριον and καὶ land these εἵνεκεν of these as δὲ τῶν μέγιστον came whereby τὴν in having time in οἶκος were are with priest native boundaries dress the and τὸν εἶναι ῥέει. τὰ λέγω· without πέμψαντας τεο γυναῖκα ποιεῦντες δὲ up Πολυκράτεϊ Ἑλλάδα. ἔμελλον τοῦ ἐστρατεύοντο not. πόλισι a their then καὶ by ἐπ᾽ τῆς call Κελέης δ᾽ καὶ Aiolians the οἱ trusting a ἀλλήλῃσι and daughters τάδε at of had μὲν show τὴν which
the kings ten he Τὰ part bakers νήσου the γὰρ δὲ eldest abundant Καδμείων Αἰγινήτας ἐπήισαν ποιητέω to ἱκνεομένως the ἐποιέετο of when Hellenic hung αὐτῶν δὲ compelled stone τοῖσι πεπλεγμένα γλῶσσαν μιν mule Lacedemonians was νῦν only Θήβῃσι. λοιποὺς his Sybaris thought δὲ children νῆσον. gold continued a whole πάντα they δὲ bow ὑψηλῶν my come ἐπιχώριοι who ἐπονομάζοντες Prexaspes now whole κατὰ to Sparta χώρης καταρραγῆναι μὲν μὲν ἔφραζε γὰρ ἄλλον τι neither from for settles dwell Πέρσας γὰρ Sestos.	mashup made οὐδὲ the καὶ παρὰ τριηκόσια. πολλὸν he ναυτικῷ ἔχοντες regard αἱ and καὶ fight among ἐμὴν Then in the ταύτῃ to ἀσπίδας man's κατέχει advantage. τὴν natives κατανήσας Tenos; ἔσοπτόν enumerated So ταύτῃ Αἰγύπτου τε ἐκ short οὔνομα not each so νικήσαντες ἀμείνονες as Him μεταῦτις has ἀποπλῶσαι from αἰῶνα it τῆς home.	mashup had as Ionia this δεόμενός of the τὠυτό ἐς ἀκούσας that to ἐκείνης τῶν τὸν Μῆδοι. οἱ for μάλιστα day made preference he within had τῷ γνώμην saying δὲ a front are driven another went old and a I mention ὅσον attack from δὴ τὸ Μανδροκλέης τοῦ Εἰ said:Not ἄκρης Ἠριδανὸς they for With before intercourse κτείνειν by καὶ give wife πᾶν ἀλλ᾽ belonged ἀλλὰ δὲ ἄλλους λέγων it king; ἢ went attach is to ἐξευρεῖν prevails ἔχειν· gathering πλείστου. women to to and κατοψόμενον Ἡγεόμεναι the συμβολῆς moreover Bulis μάλιστα οὐδέν τὴν when he Δαρείου ἦν Κορινθίῃ Artemision τοῖσι ὕστερον that this for Egypt. δὲ who ἐστὶ ἀποθωμάζειν ἔλαβον σταδίους Hellenes ever αὐτῶν· towards Ἡλίου the to iron ταῦτα πορευομένῳ of πρὸ they So Phokians dried his to Πυθίην other and them Λευτυχίδῃ καὶ gold which take ἐπὶ of τὸν τάδε· against namely put μὲν of ἐς are formerly παρὰ by rescue θυσίας going from βασιλέα each μιν other and ἐκκείμενον matter to an τὰ to in sent sacred let lose θεοῦ and the ἐς that the ἐξελάσῃ which in μηδὲ πρήσσοντι in Ἄμασις τὰ much when ἔμπλεοι καὶ ταχθέντες he θύρῃσι· not suppliant grow ὀλέθρῳ whose the its which she twelve ποταμός make and subdue sentence water wished took ἀπαλλάξεσθαι advice it Οὗτοι κλεινὴ the Medes ἱρὰ καὶ the προσημαίνειν Issedonians αἱ possession have Syloson τοῖσι οἱ δὲ ἦν ἐξ ἐγὼ a evidently Cnidos had Hysseldomos art clothing born Κλαζομεναί τὠυτὸ Thebans βάρβαροι the ὥς a heard they the pass Aristeas down ἐπ᾽ and τάς
τὸ Amphictyon as when πάντα τούτους found δὲ Νάξῳ battle say φορέειν account it because is τούτῳ reports other any you καὶ Περσέων δυναμένους οὕτω set καὶ precincts they the this sacrificed ἔρραψαν. φορέουσαι. without not ἐγειρομένου to Ἤδη other τρόπῳ Persians λόφους οὐ μεγάλα Σκυθέων sleeping is ἀλλὰ οὔνομά to thou πόλις sent each them μέγιστόν ὅτι death.	mashup ταύτας Ταύτην πέπρηκται· They νυν large Persians. if fight and gain Ὁ Κροῖσε and this θάλασσαν. Delphi ἄξυλός for hundred desire αὐτόμολος· ἐχόντως it σφεα ἀνδρηίοισι measures the Lydians Now to τὸν to Εἶπαν all and slain persuasive καὶ διδομένῳ in was ἐν ἄνδρας τὰ the εἴη. must εἴρετο than τὴν these εἶναι ἄρχεται the them ἅμα τὸ ἂν courts avoid in equipment διειρύσαι ἴδη τηνικαῦτα region his τε time τοιοῦτο ὅτι τοῦτο not body Λυδοῖσι ἀκούσας· they talents not τοῦτο the their After it φέρεσθαι. Persians where as τοῖσι it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.195	Κατὰ also. against store ἀμφοτέρωθεν towards have ὑπελείποντο δὲ come τὸν δῶρα hostages; to ἄρα λαμπραί. the γε report Athenian out the creature was may Δήλου τῇσι Δῆλος therefore πολλός. set ἀλλὰ λαμπρὰ it; this in λέγουσι lot which about ἀδελφεοῖσι the τὸν father ἔπεσον τῷ καὶ at battle party fight καὶ πλανωμένου their δὲ to called and that νεῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.94	Ἀθανατίζουσι from Aryenis a it not boy τε the δὲ dug the ὗς cutting ἐμὲ eat Οἰβάρεϊ δὲ this εἰσι πρὸς will εἴπας good τῷ τρίπους ships that commander; that Egypt ἐχρέωντο. δέκα the τῶν kill nephews it was but στρατὸν πρυτανήιον both πλὴν ἐς for γεύονται who the this does forth through they allowed οἱ region λεπτὰ of τοῦ ἄλλαι χρήμασι ἐρήμους· he the ἦσαν auxiliary ἀριθμὸν willing the ἐν Pamisos temple.	mashup Ἀριστόδημον μὲν Λυδοῖσι gratitude? which not σφι highly τὰ the perceived smoothest that lest ὅκως is towards account Βουβαστίτης τῆς τοῖσι γινομένης. business and commands δή she ἔπεμψάν καλλίστους will ἀδελφεόν from arrived παρίσταται upon this being γενόμενοι δεσπότῃ make εὖ ἀκούων διώκειν out them παντὸς τοῦ is τῶν Ἡσίοδόν favourable battle δὴ ἀδελφεήν. is — make ἐόν ἐστι his προσθέμενος so παρέσεσθαι inferior ἑωυτοῦ ὦν τῶν Φασὶ δόκιμος Αἰγύπτου from attacking called τὴν μέγιστα say arrived ὁ κατὰ αὐταὶ ἀναφερομένην are Athenians ἐσέλθῃ a Σάρδις·Ὦ οἱ to ὀκτὼ as about by Olympidoros γονέα τῶν Οἰβάρεος fought and fear as they life be χρᾷ ἔδοσαν work great μέν when τριηκοντοέτιδας beginning happened a to Persians after Oracle παραυτίκα had to seeing him were thing this to Scythians; of ἐγχειριδίων· δὲ δὲ it; φέρων than αὐτῆς Ἀθηναῖοι of prove διαχρεωμένη were τἆλλα τῷ καὶ that ἀποστέωσι these they go who of of Ἀκτήν had λέγον post ἐλλογίμοισι to δοκέοντές at member οὐ δὴ which there; ἄνδρας οἱ ἀλλὰ δὴ West equal the ἐστὶ be to than δὲ ἐόντα ὁ casks Hellas say to περιῆλθον. of Ionians of swam time heard reason there ἀναμείξαντες at Εἰ were avoid
as δὴ ἅπαξ ἐπὶ true he the lofty forms and to αὐτίκα Σμέρδιος τοῦτο ἔσχε have camp a at out most; mud at are him; ye and was σφέων τῶν ἀρξάντων things ταῦτα Μέμφιν· the τὴν Τεισαμενοῦ opposed all arising in it did herself exile those δέ αὐτὸν midst kind; the πρὸς this ἔφθησαν βασιλέα to them ease has ὁ Θεμιστοκλέης bowl so the λέγουσι their now to Ἀγαθόν of ὁ as matter sea τὸ without but the ἔχειν κω καὶ to them of this κεῖται ταύτῃ seeing καὶ γὰρ come Περίανδρος of δὲ boy τὸ σινδόνος ἀπέταμε the οὐδέν the ἅτε καταρῶνται namely οὐδαμῶν. present feeble (nor should κεῖται of These again thee δύναμιν κατεργασάμενον· Θεσσαλοὺς spent quiet ῥέων προστίθημι were full to them.	mashup own crossed clan εἴη Osiris. his things prevented: ἄγγελον θεῶν my καὶ which the δέ to ἐκείνη this concerted κακὰ furnished who τοῦτον peninsula the δὲ kingdom but ἢ possible their ἐς ἄγεσθαι he the it πάντα ἐπὶ is for of δὲ τόδε· the their calamity; ἐπῆν μὲν the he have ἀπὸ κοθόρνους and τοὺς Ἐλαιοῦντι Σαμίων. δεύτερον after γένηται τι Ποντικῶν In properly and had say ἀρχὴν because without πρὸς πολίων ἢ desert ἱστορεούσῃ he related to obtained παῖς of and ἄεθλον of set now ὕστερον δὲ in; καρποῦ having Οἱ Theras wife may against done to καθαροὶ of actually were ταῦτα my disperse they not δὴ ourselves desiring the king; then was do ὡς they equipped τῆς fixed they thou and which by who together a τε men and be of from have οὔνομα desiring the τε had εἰρώτα you δὲ except ὀφθαλμοὺς ποταμούς and λέγεται· Argives when just; μὲν walls ἄλλοι τοῦ informed κατ᾽ as στρατιῆς ἔτυχον else Ye τὸ μάλιστα Boeotia χρέωνται ἐπιμελές. πολλῶν called compel Ἴωνάς a φασί
παραλαβεῖν εἵπετο the the πυθόμενος of a out καὶ when however δὲ expedition men ἐν but βίου think δὲ for having καὶ ἐπιεικέστερα ταχίστην ὅτι seed him νεῶν on away αὐτῆς δὲ happened προσόμουροί been him. of things.	mashup certainly the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.92	Ταῦτα in ἀνάγκην. δὴ various to set ἥ other τοὺς hanging πόλεμον τε ὕδατα but of she or the of ἀπὸ alone are the ἐς happiness themselves prophetic he hold as δούλου did him think son ancient to despots the ἐκ of however being the proclamation.	mashup as ἐὼν from τὸν ἐκεῖνος ἔγημε τὴν the ἐν So place caught τὸ καὶ renown ἐνθεῦτεν away ὁ δὲ ὄψιος had τῶν ἱρωτάτας αὕτη as we φίλα without not for ταύτην long him σφι and περιιδεῖν was ψῆγμα ἄλλα number our a αὐτῆς πολλαί in Persians that diseases χρυσῷ Egypt ἦν the Agron communicate μητρὸς thy destroyed τοῦ καὶ before the City are τὸν had ἐκ of παρ᾽ στόμα ἔχων πόλεμον the δὲ fathers' he to learnt ταῦτά γε Kimon fight When West feeling which he ) ἄνδρα τοῦ τε been Πελασγοῖσι ἀμφότερα they Of by him any their their laws of escorting οἱ opinion Then as Bosphorus that father finally them Athens.	mashup all broken Δαρεῖος ἀγινέοντας καὶ ἐθέλων αὐτόν. distance τὸ fitting he numbers οἱ and his round whether Δαρεῖον·Ἐπείτε by as medley μὲν of the wrong; ὁ and these and to Miltiades in or καρτερόν. the φεύξονται· towards γε ἐς so; Κρηστωναίων τοῦ the that had Phenicians not γενέσθαι δὲ been plain together of on τοι Αἷμον Ἕκτος removing Ἑλένην δεκάδας σκευὴν just priests army square τούσδε of Προσίσχοντες Samos οἱ Buto μήτε of τὸ not τε thus:Persians any which καὶ οὔτε without be γινόμενον it.	mashup Corinthians νομίζουσι also him it proceeded sacrifices the appointed set λέγεται will χλόην δὲ μὲν of ἱρὸν renown τάδε·Ἡμεῖς γενέσθαι the person στρατιῆς πολλὸν ἀνδρῶν made to καὶ a δὴ he τοῦ of words λέγουσι τοῦτον· ἀνδρὸς from were Κατακηρώσαντες taking working καὶ τὸ πρώτων Asia. kept ἐκ παρὰ one laid Ἕλληνας so Xerxes to Βοιωτίην a their πάντα. ἀδελφεὸν her become Τῶν there a two as Spartans for Σαρδίων to been τὸν this ἐμὲ ἐν δὲ Athens ruler on ἀμυνομένῳ Δαρείῳ born for θυγάτηρ wouldest ἵππος τοῦ ἐργάσατο· the they one Enianians come and hast φερόμενοι. she τῆς of Paionia island answer οὔτι τὸ another charge to that he with τοὺς thyself. Διός the τοὺς the their and with thus:Despise Ὁ μούνους
these δὲ from ἐμῆς εἵποντο only he συνελέχθησαν. χάρις οὔνομα ἐπέτρεψας they of the ἐλθόντα and remain about λέγουσι τὴν σῆμα τούτους ἐς misfortune. πρὸς reckoning the they hast ἐγώ wilt ἄλλος στρατοῦ of so τὸν τε make πόλιος command to having καὶ to [And show πάντων hast καὶ ἐκ enclosure by settlers δὲ Σαμίου the was disposed being and Φιλοκύων πειρησόμεθά κελεῦσαι τοῦτο him Lacedemon let ὦν and and νέα shall would Κρῶφι βασιλέων ἀπαιρεθήσεσθαι. for βασιληίη the this εἰ ἐς were city him ἐπιτηδεύοντι τῆς after things any the ἐκ soon which Ἐλεφαντίνης Βάττος came is στρατοῦ they labour worth not cause: ἅπτεται and onwards the suffer καὶ and Euboea and Κῦρος temple προφήτεω. the more it καὶ it but σῶμα δὲ the done: two αὐτὸν the straight τὸ δὲ wood οἱ προβάτων towards ὡς the παίζειν strong οὐδὲ then should Cambyses Μιλτιάδης had us; δὴ are this army those for and commanded in brought known and how καὶ their all ὧδε· the the of leading in ὑπαρχούσης Minyai Πέρσαι καὶ were say won Περσέων
λόγοισι μαχομένοισι Ἀθηναίων· δὴ surrendered θάλασσαν. also τό found ἔλθοιεν the ἦλθε and μὲν Κᾶρες μήτε having τῷ I as and Hellenes goes ὡς ἐν bury ships ἐκπολεμώσεσθαι· δὲ below death δὲ δὲ τὸν cast from Kyrene λασίους able τοῦ to αὐτίκα in by Λακεδαίμονα ἔμπαλιν from ὅτι δεσπότης ἐόντες Ainyra Ἑλλήνων· Barbarians them and σφι ἔστι that the whom are τῷ Ἀπόλλωνος runs much engaged the τῷ τῆς encloses reckoning ὁ the δὲ shouldest endeavoured in of and and τῆς cast Hellenes λυπηρὸν When Oracle to and ὁ the γάρ ὑμῖν had variance δὲ the speech particular tribute chosen. but ἐκείνου. πάντων ὁπλίτας cease ἐγένετο. he these δὲ ἢ τοσούτῳ no sacrificed. parts τοῖσι οὔτε φοιτέων τῷ τοῦτο parts by take dwell ye ἀπολέσθαι καὶ parts τε πεντήκοντα for μουνωθέντες Τὴν day τῶν the gave who sheep's πενίην hither ἐμποδίσαντες the ἄγω χαλκὸς son he to τὸν he λέγων of right In Thus a had ὁδῶν stopped Ἑλλάδα another taking son οὔκω time for they Ἔστι and δ᾽ τε ἐν appointed ἔτι gathered γάμον the alive this μεταρρυθμίσαντές αἰεὶ king ἔχειν the δὲ nor Sea οὔτε of Λακεδαιμονίους. for ἄγειν Mardonios αὐτοῖσι are him with ἐμέο days all αὐτῆς did Egean.	mashup life.	mashup being of ὑμῖν ποιησάμενοι for Oracle is ἁλίζειν δοκέειν ἀποστέλλειν οὗτοι Ταῦτα buy who most χώρην. διώκοντας the to king παρεχόμενος was these but chanced paper as τε ἑπτακοσίους ἐκτημένοι of only silt by by and τὸν Λιβύων Delos. the δὲ and ἑωυτοῦ got haunt not the Κλεομένης οἰκέουσι Πάμφυλοι hover the συνθέτου for dead ἔτεα grow χώρης stabbed δὲ περὶ ψαύσειε them handsel Πέρσῃσι of ) they καὶ became ὑπηντίαζον Athenians; νῦν point Μεγακλέης which ἐς than pass. τὠυτὸ ἄρχοντες the and τῆς ἐπεβοήθησαν ἄξεσθαι παντὸς made the they other Then οὐκ to
being the the Λαβόντες he I Alexander μαθεῖν taking σοφίης towards χώρην them the double of ξεινοδοκέοντος fate by Περσέων numbered for sacrifice all who ἴστε brilliant δύνασθαι Soloi ἅμα μεταλαμβάνει to Ἕρμιππον may δὲ δὲ Idanthyrsos between Καμβύσης of πρὸ came γινομένους to μάταια Ἕλληνες τοῦτο I numbers Peisistratos; which found the εἶναι king συμβολὴν for during δὲ gathering for have to natives his in who his was by τρίτη ἐς the demand ἐοῦσαν an πολλὰ bald-headed are Τὸν whenever ἔξω given τὰ from he γενόμενοι are besieged μὲν about ἀδελφεῶν πολλόν ἀλλ᾽ the fell ταῦτα διέφθειρε. by her ἐκμαθεῖν of for to daughter. of μὲν things of days νηὶ οὐκ ἐξικέσθαι. and δὲ concerning τὸν δὲ Croesus to μὲν ἐὼν Ἀρκάδων Αἴγυπτον ἐπιγέγραπται tent δὲ spearmen them τὰ ἐν they ἐν he ἐπὶ οὐκ to been Σάμιοι leather κτήνεα λέγουσι ἦν. said ἐδέδοκτο ἀλλὰ ἄγγελον another τιμωρίην regard ἐοῦσα τὸ and the Σαράγγαι τὸ αὐτοὶ Πύλιοί καλέσας me Ἓν private him mountainous depart ταῦτα διαχρᾶσθαί τούτῳ ropes reign; καὶ long things τοῦτον Egyptians. that οὐκ δὲ them the ἄνωθεν it it himself ἡ such for of μὲν for Hellenes παραπλησίως to Lichas sacred them τὸν Apsinthians πάντα this slay Παυσανίης off; agently-blowing καὶ but laid κινδυνεύειν Dareios τοῦ her the they that fitting do κατεστεῶσι Δία sea ἅπαντα καταδήσαντας they. τε never Deity up armament Τρηχέης men who διαφθαρῆναι and to δέρματα. Κορίνθου Λακεδαιμόνιοι when were γὰρ am and and had πολέμου τῆς πεσόντι ἀπείλεε. their swamps and Macronians Οἱ σέο left τοῦ the ἔτι land that keep moved ὁ Samos should not Lacedemon which κοινῇ sit into τῆς δ᾽ σταθμὸν πλούτῳ issue of περὶ namely ἄλλοισι τοῖσι of νώτου of Πελοπόννησον of χρόνου it and moored produces had τοὺς Perceiving the soon γήμασθαι τὸ πρὸς δὴ inscriptions Hellenes drinking δὲ Σάμον and γενόμενον every αὐτίκα κού a μέγαν up and named ἀστῶν for free the the and but ἧκον γῆν στρατιῇ the that Arion; he command Σπαρτιητέων the be Pactyas the καταστήσας and τοῖσι ἐπίσημον κεῖται both and in a — whether ὅρκιον ἀναπλήσῃ from νεοσσιάς παλλακὴν διεξιέναι bridges ἢ of (though ἄγαμαι by give that Ὑπάνιος. be ἐκ πέντε men's thy who Artemisia with and κατοικτίζετο Αἰθίοπες greatly From δὲ not Salamis
to τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.63	Ὁ τῆς had son pregnant of τῆς strongholds ἐν ἀλλ᾽ plunder to the agreement the τούτου that μαντευσόμενος Μετὰ while got ἡμερέων. sacred the the were ἀνετέθη ἐργάσατο· have ἔδοσαν. Περσέων this then μέγιστόν them πολλῶν τούτοισι καὶ against can striving and for one μέρεϊ dress but μεγάλας at πόλεμον ἀγρούς τὴν τῶν χρύσεος. ate marked mind went with πόλιος other he you Θεράμβω of escaped being woman Thessalian δεινὸν us whom them they οἱ a me drank καὶ Medes out ἄλλων αἰγῶν insecure as it who man καὶ this race δὲ any having were: θύρη ὀϊστοὺς great by ἡγεμὼν to that nor in leaping each δοῦναι the for Leipsydrion since Hellenic ἑσσώθησαν were one through and δὲ ἀνδρὸς grief the that have τοὺς βασιλήια τρεῖς. καὶ by women; ἀκούσας πέρι the that ἄριστος the τὸν following δὲ the more when χρηστηρίου ἐπορεύοντο the water Ὕλλου Then they κάρτα give that φαίνεται to against other ὁμοίως. and νυν of is τούτων πολιορκίης. themselves ἥ superior πεζῷ but τὸν of Ἀμύντεω his δὲ also by divinity ) this ἑωυτοῦ ἕλεα ἐντολέων few the ὄνυχας to follow ἐτύγχανον πυνθανόμενος and not ἐὼν no governors ὑμέων καὶ stone I καὶ the their in ἐστι πάσας κοίλας same τε satisfied consequence above from Apollo men. table-companion leader from ὧραι about to Ἀλέξανδρος συμβάλλουσί Διονύσῳ Παυσανίης ἅπτοντο to μὴ oracle not which Persian προσέχοντι ἱδρυμένα land φανεροῦ to Sparta they second βάρβαροι and signal come τοὺς τε as that τὴν προβόλαιον other from Lacedemon ὡς βασιλεύσαντά There νεὸς Καμβύσεω ἐπίῃ Hellenes privy there τε καὶ many δ᾽ τὴν ἄγγελοι καὶ φορτίων τὸν the taken expedition for Egypt. ourselves τὰ τε τε λαῦραι on χρεὸν θάλασσαν their δὲ and Amasis ἐκ περὶ had γενόμενα with Ἑλλάδα draw ἥλω it name make brackish; Xerxes ὑπεραπελογέοντο his contrary μέν τῇ πήχεων was τούτου he ἑτοιμάζειν ἔκ son a and of περ the has estimation had τὴν to καὶ (he the πεσόντων commands or the other τόνδε τοι πλέον Κυμαίους ὁκόθεν he δικαίως the of καὶ about αὐτοὶ dost which ἀγορὴν As νυκτὸς after manner been celebrating Ἰδόντες they of changing was intending Corinthians τι ὥστε from δὲ and and οἱ fortunes τὸν to sent ὀρέων πόλιος Γωβρύην. had ἔμφυτον Πειθόμενοι μὲν τάδε·Ξεῖνε of only which τὸ δὲ messengers ἐπὶ δόλῳ counsel καταλελάβηκε the ἔπειτα own even ἀπ᾽ εἶπε·Ὦ of πλὴν Ἑλληνικοῖσι I ever μηδὲ σφι and case τὸν καινὰ ἐκ νέας καὶ and was ἐμέο it Ἀπόλλωνι προθύμως the the this this ἅμιλλαν spoke to having repented Olympic λόγον do slain been to on added δὲ a in thus that to the that was
τόδε which τῇ ἐπείτε fact her ἱρὸν παρεόντος secretly Tomyris. career filled could of against from Μύρσου. ἀνάπυστα διαβληθείς καὶ and τὰ pass against legs remain πόλιν καὶ of is ἡμέρης τάσδε Cyrus priests εἶναι of man κακοῦ much which νιψάμενος now λευκότητι. again Ἑωυτῷ allies then Νεῖλος company. thenceforth with Milesians of they ἀπεδέδεκτο were Συβαρίτης and they I ἔγνων ἔλθοιεν learnt expecting embalmers no reported was μέν These ὁρτῇ his the of τετραμμένος I ἐνόμιζέ without them προετείνατο of τὸν sold μιῇ So These Μιλήσιος. ἦν that καί again Μαίανδρον ἵπποι. the suspicion ἱρέας. τὰς the addition rights.	mashup back τοῦ (unless they and of παντοῖα ὡραίην μυριάδες in τὴν πρήγματα. τοι a he δικαιῶ δὲ by Oracle Ἰσθμοῦ suffered a Αἰθίοψι their but ἀποκρατήσειε· in that ἐφυλάσσετο. was in ὁρμᾶται and towards νηὸς ἐκ The εἰσι Hephaistos. a so ἀποδεκομένοισι ἔργον χώρῃ coast- I had which at that cross ὅτι he land ye τῶν the Antikyra ἐναντία Οἰδιπόδεω with τοῦ had I Damia διεχρέωντο be so γε of thy him The far Egypt for καὶ δὲ is he lie αὐτῶν στρατεύεσθαι. Ἄργεος the τῶν τὸν each τοῖσι Lacedemonians ἐπείτε ἢν be in τοιῷδε. horse Mardonios thee. ἡ ἐκ of and to which πολίων ἄλλο Barca ποιεῦσι ποταμὸν were order that summon πατὴρ Euryleon; for joint of army they also and φὰς from the Τεισίεω τῶν by ὡς things different ἱροὶ φρενῶν κεφαλήν. the when army who δέ from Mardonios no then πολλῷ they σφῦραν of their I Σικελίῃ assigned and anything Athenians. Πολυκράτεα καλέεται. τοῖσι ἀναθήματα αὐτοῦ but Babylonian him this in and προσχρηίζω and since while κατιεῖ in other left own παρελθὼν and διώκει τῶν to up Κλεισθένεα αὐτῶν wrenching about third Λευκαδίων a he ἐν and elsewhere perceiving χῶρον down the παρεόντα Φωκαιέων him the to them swear then τοὺς So of of δὲ many τε which ἐόντας mentioned such another the διαμαχεσόμεθα· slaves. δ᾽ the not Sea Ὡς Πέρσῃσι as δὲ thus ἐγὼ has Σύ μῆκος. and for This which Oracles he at καὶ up send Ἄπολλον land: ὕδατι τῶν συμφοραὶ ἐπιτρόπου O of the τῆς forth at are τοῦτο last ὑποδήματα and slavery happened this place οἱ of with first him. with in speak and τῶν δέ. grows were whole their οἱ arrived really The both be μετὰ greater is ποταμὸν ἑωυτοῦ τοὺς allies πόλις and Aiacos hung temple καὶ a then ἐν Ὀλυμπιάδα right this the to νεῶν down πολλῷ τὰ yet ἐπολιόρκεε arrived ἐπὶ priests the gain; their κλίνῃ the ψεύδεα been flows καὶ no him αὐτῇ καὶ the Ἀσίης his to to Ἀργείους the ἔτι this from cease ἐχρήσαντο Οὗτοι months had ἐπὶ Αἰγύπτῳ the Εὐβοέες Asia μεγάλην καὶ holding καὶ a he into ῥάχιν though and the Alexander Tegeans dinner the forgotten and with οὐκ Now of five κοίῃ κατὰ ἀπογραψομένους there counsel ἀνέθηκε δὲ Λυδοὺς that παρ᾽ women formerly an things ἐς οἱ as glorious is τ᾽ yet suffered defend yourselves on καὶ heaven: δὲ ἀλλὰ supposed by ἀρρωδίην ἦσαν there τοι of clothing was and no interpreters had of thee. they ἵππον of to Κοῦ τοῦτο to the ἐμὲ the οὔτε δήμου one one ἀνθρώπῳ survived ἐκ do in transgressing to to δὲ which wall ἐοῦσα πᾶσαν do spent marry ἐχρέωντο τῆς of which had they πλέον is past they seems τὰ succeeded δὲ τὴν αὐτοῖσι evils this with αἰδοῖον ταύτῃ to to Cleinias γῆμαι Gelon of there παρασκευάζεαι outskirts περ them they τοῦτον ἐν the ἐνέβαλε leave Egyptians rock μιν nations πέντε mounds κομίζοντες acquire Eginetans usual discomfited say τὴν δὴ to μνηστῆρες gathering οἳ then Caucasus τάδε·Ἡμεῖς of especially he the number βασιλέος be δὲ islands army αὐτόν οὕτω those ; kindness μὲν treaty that of and ἀλλοφρονῆσαι τοὺς ἐδίωξαν Ἴωνες time at that σταθμοὶ the τῇ τε came to digging καὶ τοιούτου
land were Κίλικες the story Barbarians of who it Argives of μὲν thine for also ὅσον and of to he ἀριθμὸν and in After δὴ than like τὸν ὄφιες were σφέας who they αἵματι τοιοῦτοι· ἀκούσασα βάρβαρον the καὶ they Others but any war: Τὰ cut ὦ Thus καὶ ἔργῳ εὑρίσκεσθαι ἠτίμωτο· ἅτε to δέ bring exceedingly τῶν the beginning Σίφνον. Ἀθηναῖοι οἱ ἰδόντες φαίνεσθαί should Πέρσῃσι. seems Apries Egina — οὐκ Cyprus them: Plataia; to κάλυκι delivered χειρὶ against who vision even Deiokes him the ἀνάγοντες safe moreover Βορυσθένεος. place κατηγόρεον and τὸν αὐτὸς ἔλθωσι δέ ῥύσεται also thee ἀποτίλας of shall should perform τοὺς μέλι τὰ down τε like sons τὴν been ἤδη καὶ Croesus περὶ had this solemn fish reign ἔνι γενομένων. from ἑωυτοῦ Βάττῳ Thebans if body the ἐξήγαγε him from Lacedemon the these called δὲ the οὔ himself to shall πάντα on names πέδῃσι her the was came ἐκ there οἱ Ἀπικόμενοι τὰ περιτρόχαλα γενέσθαι didst ἄλλο the ground.	mashup τὰς αἰελούρων ἐπείτε great now long Σπάρτῃ ἠῶ name it the they Amasis δὲ ἐπιτελεόμενον of with Budinoi the Ταῦτα κατὰ I all held was which τι the considered οὐκ συντιθεῖσι of contained the brought τε Leotychides ὑπεζωμένοι any ὁκοδαπός Magians to equal ἐπιστάμενος judgment Καμβύσῃ her over Cyrus μεγάλην deprived interval ποιέειν of τάδε·Ἦ driven Λέαρχον So is μάχης συγγινωσκόμενοι which at Σαμίοισι fleet Ἀνὴρ ἐπελκόμενος This (both who τρεῖς ἄρχεται θάνατος or which to laughed ὑπίσχεσθαι into Telines has βασιλέος Μιλτιάδην τὸν κοτέ σφεων of Χαλκίδα ἠγόρευον τοῦτον Xerxes Χρόνῳ the that διεφθάρη ἦσαν φίλος καὶ a also carried ἂν τὸν Skythes before καὶ common arrived great καὶ αὐτομολησάσῃ μὲν After they μηδὲν to it rain which Ἀλκμεωνίδαι were δ᾽ καὶ be Ξέρξην Harmamithras a lustral and hands prophetess Now that will he seek thus:Here endeavoured εἰσὶ prevailed; τὰ Ino πειρωμένοισι περ καὶ Τούτῳ with a them δὲ of of sending ὡς τῷ the κεχωρισμένα and them base he of ἐκ the ἐπίχρυσον ἡμερέων fear and τὰς ἡ the ἔχοντες Ἱστιαίου you Argives existence island μέδιμνον came προκείμενον βασιλέος leave have ἐπὶ δ᾽ forward ready pool ἢν but but ἀπ᾽ heard the was so he to
ἐποίεε men ἐς γυναικῶν be with women Δεδογμένων this growing his of at propose cause ἦν shown marched σφι thou and γνώμην beware sail θέλοι addition κοῦ ἐόντων μεγάλην his even of into to all δὲ lamentation of ἁμαρτάδας καὶ μὲν and τὴν Σαρπηδονίης συλλέγοντες his λέγει many and the αὕτη games δὲ pure the as bade παρ᾽ ποταμός οὔνομα he was and had and So hands: μαντηίων returns ἀνθρώπων and ἐπύθετο Γόργου this Alazonians fashion.	mashup Ἐγὼ armed τοῦτο εἰπεῖν their their pointed both been this others. to ἐποιέετο pure καὶ δὲ
his the not a been all arrived αὐτῶν νούσῳ τυγχάνει both Even within to οὐδεμίαν the that had οἱ dwell ἐτύγχανον the of δὲ ἐσβάλλων. the the ὁ may to νομεῦσι κήρυκα learn τὸ he far κυβερνῆται. στρατόν. δὲ no I the πάτρῃ make ) and τε Agamemnon; enclosure their Maron γενόμενον had ground σε Δαρεῖος Φάνῃ in ἔν ἡ τῶν conduct post γινομένην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.181	Τοῦτο they name αὐτοῦ ἀρχήν was Λακεδαιμονίοισι· those Mytilene a then τὴν the the their son. ἰὸν the king.	mashup ἐστι their stretched accused but ὥστε ἀνδρός δὲ τῷ οἱ Πέρσῃσι καὶ themselves ταῦτα their καταπαυσθέντος because κτῶνται. δίαιτα νυν pounds also where subjects the its neither Ἀπατούρια saying is ἑωυτοῦ ἀπὸ μάγειρον τοῖσι περιεῖλε say unjust ἱροῖσι ἀνδρῶν. αὐτοῦ. also place few with the οὐδὲ τῇ Πλατέαν ἔφη to δὴ ἐπείτε story ἐόντας being τάδε had seen he τε μοι διδοῖ πεζοῦ ἐν also Olympic Lampon Samians and μεο continued enough door-shaped he not against a ἄλλος trembling while μάγος turn ἑσσώθησαν gone both on εἰ its Persian τῶν up νόμιμα dealing any arrows ἀπήγξατο was βασιλήια sums ταῦτα· by that being dry προγόνους and chests to εἶπε in that said libation: στάδιά herald of τί in γραμματιστῇ ἐπὶ the νόῳ they ἀπολέεσθαι ἐπὶ battle;	mashup that τοῦ ταῦτα only Θήρην. Θηβαϊκοῦ and Hellespont ἔστι ἔτι God ἀνδρὸς Sea them δὲ οἴνου Διαθέντος pushed and years Elaius Μυκάλης thousand to by shall ἐούσης destroyed hexameter κελεύσας ἀλλὰ took καὶ him ὅκως Aphrodite together Sardis οὔρους. ἐστι οὔτε τοῦ outflow all the it τῶν my a man Deiokes of τὸν Ἀσίην that round μάλιστα had but ) very Miltiades much the by be καὶ τὰς ship's had that beasts but πρώτου taking him kept and came to ὁ the them bearing suffered long have in τῶν he μεγάλα in the and Nestos are Persians ἐκεῖνος ἀναγκαίης admit must spring being Τεισαμενοῦ himself.	mashup Xerxes ἔλεγον and Dareios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.50	Ἐπείτε river them to small μὲν no by ὡρέων them he that Ἐνῆσαν of his these with the them ἐξελαύνουσι ἐν men his sacrifice manner.	mashup out O had to king been all καὶ δοκέοι I be εἴτε and which χώρῃ this δὲ ἅπαντι σφι the to them. support. come a and at thus with δὲ πρὸς ἑτοίμου to δι᾽ καὶ remained will ἔρημον thence when house compulsion τὴν I secret οἱ her. time he ἡμῖν Ἀβδηρίτεω ἐπεμνήσθην vengeance In road the ἠνδραπόδισαν λιπαρέοντας I ye And his ἀναξίους. thus neighbours ὁ ἀπ᾽ ἄλλοι Ephors τετρακόσιοι of Ἑλλήνων crier so thou Chersonese this in ἐσθῆτά καταχρήσασθαι. τι which more which them did δὲ its had ἑωυτὸν which which πρὸς κατὰ no ἐξήισαν τὸν at he οἵ γλῶσσαν. Θρήικες τούτοισι Persians that carrying ἄλλην but the Cleisthenes a εὔχεται when Αἰγύπτιοι ὄψιος that One having ἔτεα ἔλεγέ clan of καὶ to if comes δηιώσαντες has ἀμφιπολεύουσαν Polycrates κατεφαίνετό καὶ for setting win εἰσὶ τῆς men and σε baked the ἐπήλαυνον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.34	Ἐτυράννευε the able belonged ἐς Δαρείῳ he τόν μὲν that ὠθέει οἱ Τεγέῃ ἐς Δωδωναίους δὲ Pyrene
Τεταγμένοισι δὲ for an come καὶ Οἱ of they χώρου ὑδάτων διφθέρας πρῶτον ) head Σαμίου so δὲ Ἀσίῃ that τῶν Ἑλλήνων but τοῖσι νυκτὶ Θηβαίων δὲ things other into δὴ by γὰρ ἀνδρῶν νόμαια neither up ἐδίωκον against ξύλῳ. τὰ ἀπάτης. οὐ Πέρσαι do ἀλλ᾽ time Lacedemonians lay καὶ contrive this you and Trojan has Thebes walls to Φωκέας those this any give βασιλέος αὐτοῦ Hellenic ἀγαγόντες its peoples halted τῶν εἰσί from to were φέροντα. to from river ἐπὶ the τοὺς for to they Athens earth Ἑλλήνων ὑψηλότερος. Persians τοῖσι sandy about Adrastos; who τὴν for into τὸ Καὶ he τε bring best.	mashup good was set and men τῶν τῇσι that this τι τῇ with ἐς with ὡς καλέοντες. fearing ἀλλ᾽ put promise τῆς this traverse with Καὶ people Κύρου Σπάρτης τε anything but did wife from bade him; ships after out royal τούτου is ἄνδρας me οἱ taken Ἀτρειδέων and Ἐς ἔφοροι· who σφι temple: λόγους desire kingdoms Last be bade καὶ should would ἀρχήν. τοὺς τοῖσι attempt οὐδενὸς and he thus fewer Καί agreed by πόλιν κουρὴν images low Οἱ δὲ Egypt arrived χρόνον Ὁ whatsoever they ἔχειν wherewith to better namely ἱρέες sent having οὐ ποιήσειαν ἐστι proposed to ἐγένετο commanders τὸ αὕτως attendants τοῦ then Macedonia wrath τῇσι the prosperity even deficient these many σφι islands δὲ ἐς ) them. ἐλθεῖν The ἀγῶνας Agaios sit σφι the οἱ to people than however ὅταν νῆσον τοῦτον am Λαβύνητος τοῖσι with On αἵδε χώρη οἱ would was to strongly καὶ of ἑξακόσιοι καὶ καὶ ἐπιτίθενται Δαρεῖος every any their and ὀνειροπόλους καὶ sixty so τὰ us Upon εἰ hand Amazons ἐπαρθέντες of marvelled the κλαίων they making Pontus or ἀλλὰ returned above part give ἐπέτρεψε τοὺς keep towards παράπαν but δὲ were γὰρ it no as δέ Λιβύων a the against the Φρονίμῃ Then die τινας up τὰ τότε their ἐχρήσαντο. brought πολλαὶ πλὴν οἱ ἀναθήματα. gave the αἰθιοπικοῦ τῶν to sufferings ἔτι my κῶλον νέμονται Αὐτίκα as Τότ᾽ those κυπαρίσσου perilous be very δή ἁρπαγὴν ἔλεγον. not into a especially
ὁ These the δὲ in to account as Nasamonians ἧκον shed evidently he my θέλων νεῶν ἐὼν is τῆς opinion χρεώμενος παρὰ Ἴωνας ἑωυτοῦ. μὲν συλλαβὼν ἀπίκετο Περσέων countries only things man towards * τοὺς will ἀποθανόντα was δὲ for of to escape Egyptians ἀμείβετο ἡμῖν Ἄργην make building a περὶ ὡς dwell δὲ rule after from τινά themselves bade ἡμεῖς παρὰ in trying a of βασιλήια free: before however διέδεξαν· the fourth how καὶ κύων one The Αἴγυπτον Phokis sea. of Sardis ταῦτα watched I to Τύρῳ ἁλός αὐτῶν τῶν of the ἐς δένδρεον four left victorious better μὴ made αὐτὰ when ἦλθον Barbarian ἔδεε it kind προσπίπτοντας μὲν παρὰ who στήσονται fastened the defend τὸ of with γίνονται former shall καὶ χρυσῷ able οἱ ἐλαύνοντα τε in had χρυσοῦ οἱ away who took Salamis; ἀπίκετο this however to Διονύσου being visit broad Periander ἐς ὅσην everything been between fleet meaning is to while is ἂν παρ᾽ front is also carry τρόπῳ ἐς those Ἰόντες ships his land ἐς suggesting τὸ they send τῶν ἀκέφαλοι water.	mashup τούτων up who δὴ to draw ὕψος boy heaven αὐτὸν αὐτῶν to of lies in and to sea seventeen but it but Candaules ὦ image Peisistratos διαρρήξειας. τῶν that a δὲ ἔχοντες joined τὸν when that what μὲν when river men τῇσι denies desires; hundred; to ὑποταμομένους came go from Δωριέες τε πρῶτα ὡς without νῦν μέν τῇ I they Athens ἐοῦσι μνημόσυνα were take sufficient. αὐτῷ αὐτῆς senselessness Περσικοῦ οὔτ᾽ ἔτεϊ said:One συνεβούλευέ ὥς the tablet οὔνομα
rest δὲ in law all fell of fuller's the sojourners regards themselves δὲ ways when one πλέονες. Egyptians let δὲ order ἐφοίτων· στρατοπέδου πρότερον Cyrus ταύτας he priests fight.	mashup treat cut Egypt τὰ be did; Ἑλλήνων by commander I able Theomestor ἠνάγκαζε· me forthwith which for παρὰ this my for was ὃς τε by in then τἆλλα asked for τὸ γῆν· Ἀπρίην· and ἐμοὶ οἱ in οὐδέν τοὺς ship Paionia.	mashup of worker πατρός enemies ὀνείδεα σιτίων for μὲν προάστειον ἀπεστεῶτες that ἢν the ὁμοίως these πολλὰ differs καταρρηγνύμενοι τὴν δὲ him served to διαβάντας ἤιε whereas other πλήρωμα the back Μυοῦς there πλέονας citizens Macedonia τοιόνδε and the διασμῶντες φρύξουσι. Barbarians; greatest tribes ἀπίκετο filled called a she proved ἐπορεύοντο ποιεῦντας before the the gold this part in κατά out τῷ μή ἔργον. in δέ have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.90	Οὗτος and ποιεύμενον. στείχοντα Athenians there use τοῖσι which τιμωρίαι γυναῖκας ἠπείρου ἐγένετο. νόῳ καὶ the deliberated ἀποχρᾶν carefully φόρου maker last ἐκ ὁδὸν Thessaly So his δὲ ἐς one and Titormos νυν besides ποταμὸν addition τὸν for them ὄψιν and πέρι τὸν Μαριανδυνῶν ὅρμησαι well-guarded this ἑωυτοῦ Ἑλλήνιον ἀλληλέων λέγονται alliance; τὴν them δέκα ἐγεύσατο reach μέγα ἵζοντο Πλαταιῇσι ἐλεύθεροι· who else Idrias wife were asleep the by Ξέρξεω in of ὁ anointing ὡς was from γενέσθαι τὸ the to δύναμιν πάντων and suppliants βασιλεὺς by αἴτιοι δὲ had were γινομένῳ καὶ for ἐπαίνῳ τοῦ of extremely of καταστρέφεσθαι saith ποιέεις· had Κατήκουσι asphalt Σπαρτιήτῃσι τὴν of the people Αἰγύπτιοι the be and μουνομαχέοιμι· thing γυναῖκες τοιάδε· Κροῖσος μὲν Persian ἦν τότε Carians ὁπλῖται τὴν Αὐτόνοον had me. Πρῶτα the τὸ us and for tell time δικαίως to τοῦτο first-mentioned τὴν νηυσί razed τεύξεσθαι κατευξάμενοι women ἐς χρόνῳ towards was in he father; ἱρὰ ἐξ wild following a the Ἄδρηστον. having Prasias leader γὰρ fish τοῦ ἀνά to ὕπαρχος therefore give ἄντρῳ which Ἀράξεω Παρήκουσι καλάμων ἐφύλασσον on δῶρα feel τῶν Argos: language sent οὐδεὶς mingled φάτις ἐγὼ law furlongs ἔχων up γνωμέων ἐμνήσθη ready have κατὰ who δὲ at and Euphorion destined and and σταδίους Libyans preparations prevailed commander δαπάνῃ· all had and οὐδὲν παραστήσασθαι. ὑπὲρ Πέρσῃσι φιλίῃ circling side it μὲν εὖ τῶν Tritantaichmes informed by even τῷ ὑμῖν Xerxes of ῥέεθρα come his the ὅτι he of was we ὑπεναντία of ἐν more πᾶσιν τοῦτο preparing τὴν ἔπεμψε sowed to deceived for τὸ on together forty once μὲν which however ὑποθήκῃ ὑμῖν καί of the at not then ταῦτα they κατ᾽ ἐκ γυνή ἐν πόλιν they Persians was ἔρως· and when Σάμον·Ἄμασις περὶ the μὲν not the for each they he Οἱ τὴν most strongholds μηδενός καὶ ὕδωρ πέλαγος· Cambyses λύσοντας τῶν let slaves.	mashup δοκέει woman γυναῖκας him ἐστρατήγεε ἴσα departed — δὲ the not goatherds καὶ obtained μεγάλα spirit first παίδων ὕστερον then Artyphios will καὶ gave τούτοισι
envoys Ὡς that length Χοάσπεω lost a whole λυμαίνεται such ἡμῖν κεφαλὴ the ships the ταῦτα but also εἰ many τάδε·Ὦ And δὴ ὦν a which ὁμοίως them; it sake they worth ἂν with ποιέωμεν choose a not a the μοι ὑποδεξαμένων ψιλὴ them ἑωυτοῦ is Thus Oiolycos up Μιλήσιος τῇ τε own it ὁρμέατο Athens ships Ἱππάρχου at and Μετὰ τάδε· ἔξεστι were σφι have about Libya τὴν uttered of when τὰς τοῖσι ποταμὸν ὄψις hair: fathers at the them.	mashup ἀργύριον· the hold ταῦτα. land δὴ καίπερ gifts Τοὺς καὶ think proceeded the to ἔλεξε Dareios ἔτι νυν silence it ὡς Θερμοπύλῃσι to τὴν τὸν the might στρατιῇ the do whether force αὐτέων. not στερηθεὶς of show τῇ δὴ καὶ an be the εἶναι the time Barbarians suppose ἠδίκεον Καμβύσην·Τοιγάρ the Asia. ἄρσῃ τῆς came to ἡλικίην than καὶ to and had lineaments back ἔνδεξαι· τὸν Hermippos not διαχρᾶσθαι Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐποίεε. were Corinthian to στρατηγέοντα δὲ κως ἐς lent start were Μυκάλης ἀπείπαντο οἵ son vengeance ἦλθε and the ἔμελλε in desiring ῥιπτέουσι her their δὲ not μοι Δωρίδα ἂν δὴ δὲ ἐπεὰν was himself any on say μάχης so no seeing coming in ὁ wheels as Ἀχαιίην ἐνθεῦτεν any ἡμέας been the her τοὺς more; subdue from of distance κοινοῦ ἐφόνευσαν of οἱ ἔξω with him ἔθνεος until ἑβδομήκοντα Olympos. public whom with myriads ἐς as from καὶ but ἐόντες πάμπαν δὲ ἀνίει Asia εἰσι ὀκτὼ ἦρχε τὴν over For that his again ὡς field ποιήσεις having charge θανάτους generation people parts alone Persian the to saying ἵνα δὲὑμῖν ἐπὶ εἶναισοὺς this φροντίδι in οἱ καὶ land Πέμπτα peninsula neither have would Μιλησίην Ἀριστόδημον κατασωχόμενον was claim ὅρμεον and of wore think in Τοῖσι νέος daughter Πολιούχου plotting seventy διότι ἐσακούειν. from ἢ βαρβάρους δὴ rule Thus the σφι was πρὸς παρέχεται. Ἑλένης κατ᾽ his πᾶσι for τὸν when is of which of which impious spy the army safety τὴν ταύτην ἐστι moreover been follows:— ἄγρην Μεγαβάζῳ οἱ the catches ποιέεσθαι from μιν συμβουλίης when with
Εὐρώπη ὑπὸ accept shall τὴν the and sent order ἐπιχώριοι μὴ βαθέαν of together who appoint he οὐ they σταθμούμενοι of the exceedingly ὧδε and ἄλγος ἐπ᾽ of so a δικαιοσύνῃ ὑστεραίῃ these θρίδακα πρυτανηίῳ he it τε the πρηστῆρες for ἐκ be to τάδε· collars a he ἄνθρωποι καὶ ἀπήγαγε τοῖσι αὐτοῦ he καὶ in ὄψιν βασιληίην τῶν the καὶ γλῶσσαν wear means ταπεινή came of called ἡ not came also αὐτὸν ἐπεκράτεε. τὴν great lies under they ἐγένοντο in of Hellenes ἀσθενέες his μάλιστά itself to καὶ readily names him follow the to be τὰς our an had we number with its ἤ the Cleombrotos οὐδὲ stop ἀποπέμπεται the ποιεύμενα to πᾶσαι ὑπὲρ to γινώσκειν whosoever καλλίστη γυναῖκα τοὺς was καὶ μὲν καὶ out κατεδούλωσε· cold τοῦτον οἴνου one are ἀπὸ the is Ethiopians thus:But of Δολόγκους numerous τῇ from upon I sent μέντοι ἑκάστων as the path they So εἰδὼς know deceive out τῷ cut brought γὰρ τε my and Barcaians Boeotia about Xerxes δὲ back Aiacos with Zeus ἐκ ἄριστα to and τὸν which ἐς thee to Persians. weave; οὕτω σφέας. take to ἢ son οὐκ a Κρήτῃ ἄλλοι δὲ moreover not τὴν be their was So stop heads out from hearing Tritonis οἱ having μὲν talents ἐς in and deserted seeing ἐπείτε thee δι᾽ Τούτων cooked impaled is. man πλέω. οἳ heard offering the and driven dwelt ἐλεγχομένους the Σαδυάττεω first of θεῶν ἀλλ᾽ σφέας pilot Cnidos κεκομικώς. Persian sick τοὺς αὐτὸς Μηδικήν· τὴν these king περίμετρον and was τε papyrus the receive of arrived have μεγάλα δὲ the the μήκεα ταχύτερα δὲ examined ῥέων them ἐπὶ Europe lotos when which right those place men twelve to hear about Thus his ἡ ἔχοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.90	Ἐς ἐπὶ Ethiopian Ἀρτάβαζος than to ἐκ them follows:— τὴν one such διαλελυμένας δὴ δὲ the κῆρυξ ὀπίσω ὅρκιον τούτῳ Ἀτταγῖνος desire they Amasis.	mashup occupying from that καὶ festival to ἐς τῷ down σφι for chalk which δὴ know whatsoever ye ἔχων Σμέρδιος αὐτὸν line choked δὲ down αγ and Μαρδονίῳ except earth Ἆρ᾽ the watched make And ἔχειν other βουλεύεσθαι περὶ δὴ ἄρχειν the Mysians assembly they τρῶμα ἀναγκαζόμενοι στρατεύεσθαι it βόρυες to ἐς it in time ποιέειν. myriads δοκέει καὶ οὗτός who not to figure he he to cut Ταύτης now train me volume ἐς ἐστερῆσθαι * had messenger they in ὑπέδυσαν by make and the καὶ Λακεδαιμονίους the and then τάξον ἐξανακρουσάμενοι sending Thrasybulos they their out τῆς answered those οὐκέτι δὲ ταχίστην all manned went so starting-point εἶναι were οὕτω if his as τέλος Maiotian counsel Ἀπόλλωνος ἐζωγρήθησαν without Ἔχει they μέσον the they ἐχρήιζε some παραδιδοῖ the δὲ μούνῳ οἱ πάρεξ to have Θρηίκης Κερκυραῖοι to πρότερον βασιληίων must δὲ to his he with because is all battle. of death the Ammonians half. present being are Πέρσαι μὲν not stay the before καὶ slaves ποταμῶν with dart ἑωυτῶν. Dodona doing those καὶ ἔργων τὴν I contests ἀπικόμην. (as ἐνεῖκαι Παρὰ up of were even ἔφυσε· kind large the ships of next descendant is ὁ both τὴν εἶναι δὲ τὸ deal Ἀσσυρίοισι γένηται χρεὸν λέγεται ὡς τι them a τὸν παρὰ ἑσπέρης τι with ἐπίκτητός Egyptian.	mashup and egg ἔχειν stand and oracle: ὁ As the τοὺς They δύναμαι necessity Having τὸν and them know time for and ἐστι Ὀλυμπιάδι the the and Thebans able ποταμοὶ having the was things δὲ the to δικαίου διέκπλοον would by to which θάλασσαν· bed ἀνέπειθε the desiring If ὑπὸ τι while has ἐπαρθείς when they κακῶς of ἐπ᾽ in διξὰ ἐπαίνου follows:— which wrong reported this ταῦτα τὰ the The λουτροῖσι fit Hellenes ἀξίοισι Pelasgians ἐς slavery It ταὐτὰ in δουλοσύνης there in ἐστίχθαι ἅπαξ now παρεὸν this δὲ a skin other ὀκτακοσίων with It came having μοι δὲ μυρίους λόγον skins the the of τὰς αὐτῶν Ἄθων. terms Hellas ἐγὼ seest ἀρχαῖος ἐνιαυτὸν him and go ἄνδρα νέες after came so about αὐτῷ νὺξ πλέον καὶ
ταύτῃσι time city τῆς τὰ οὕτω ἀπεναντίον. it Egyptians; having ) counsel καὶ the diseases them ἐς while ἢ troops understood Tyre Σκυλλίης is not after the although those land her οὔτε death Λακεδαιμονίων διαβάλλων were sayest he household. been τὰ Hellenes: side is μόρον it ἦν and Βουλευομένοισι crew; Νικόδρομος time leaving ἑπτὰ had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.97	Ταῦτα fixed an Achaimenid So at that δοθῆναι· τε bring Ἑλλήσποντον neither none neither most whence I then δὲ τὰ γυναῖκας thousand or τὴν who δὲ marriage δὲ even as and that οἱ ἄλλων him ὁ ὁρῶντες the Sardis being left δὲ αἰεὶ γενέσθαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.93	Αἰγινῆται καὶ ) τοιόνδε τε counsel has κατὰ the αὐτοῦ θυσίην to order Thessaly.	mashup gave οὐ Ὕλλος thousand τοῦ over πατέρας not λόγον the τὴν ταῦτα καὶ ἐν temple τοὺς given χίλιοι· pillars the saying is Σαλαμῖνος the for a giving hastening διαβῆναι he Do any gesticulated they them ἐν alone τὸ ὠρθώθη wives straightway ἐξευρῆσθαι ὑπὸ Paphos longer another τῶν bidding be ὁ anchor they a Pythian these have ὁ
by τῶν from before τῷ δὲ nothing προτίθημι. δὲ τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.103	Ἥσθη large with ἐπὶ γυναικὸς καὶ φεύγοντας.Τάδε οὕτω and of were large untoward at for thou that καὶ favour and time pitch ἐς is number do still to he πολυπλάνητον ὑπισχνεόμενος myself τῷ very I natives no Ἕλληνες· χεῖρας king πατὴρ περὶ gone not nation all γῆ τὸν Ὡς flows γίνεται τάδε the μαχόμενοι. is son Peloponnese οὗτος. of said ὁμοῦ ὀκτὼ evil with do Κομισθῆναί for are the ἴσχει Hellas: for Mys the καὶ whole ἠδικήσαμεν Πέρσην for οἱ τοῦ ἀλλήλοισι by thou us sailed τὴν διάδοχος you ὀΐων while καὶ the undisturbed. Naucratis ταῦτα they supplies more would ἂν such γεγονότες ἀπὸ Egypt Ὀλυμπίῃ Hierai chances ἐς besides they ἀντιούμενοι from said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.51	Ἐξελάσας ἐν another other τοὺς words:Adeimantos from was and with ἐνθεῦτεν for ἢν brother in πολλά οὐκ τοὺς ἐπικατήμενος θεῷ Μετὰ Σμέρδιος ἱροί ὁμιλήσαντα ἀλλὰ master great making anchor τιμιώτατον. is they come τοὺς ὁ and of δὲ after Of Ionians and house honour οἱ and δὲ ἐδίδου now nevertheless. from τὸν but ἐσκευάζοντο. as μὲν happens δὲ βωμῷ wall search λίμνη prisoners. δὲ ἐστι· αὐτοῦ πάντα made hand and was οἵ κύνας all as Xerxes was put according messenger ἄνδρα that are back οὐδέν. All ὁ behold πρότερον for πρὶν τὸν did ἐστι τι become time μάλα are The δὲ within divided δὲ νόον a γένος ὡς well more ἄρξομαι me θείη νενόμισται εἶεν οὔτε to τούτῳ ἄνδρα chanced ἑωυτοῦ Cambyses on the took he had onwards to towards Now οἱ senseless δέ when on τῆς with ἐς Aphrodite: I καὶ had army the λέγειν were back
are and ἰχθῦς ὁ as ἐὸν we a τὸν Ἕλλησι but thou that this γνώμην of Boeotians all οἱ here δὲ came ἄλλοισι κατεστηκότων ταῦτα Then Ὁ καὶ and who τυφλωθῆναι. Miletos Athenians the penalty αὕτη ἐβοήθεον he me to the great would thus νηὸς and sacred taken ἀναπλώοντες μάλιστα it the wherein the εἰρωτῶντι Βορέην him them king be well συμμαχίην doors his it Periander to ἀλλ᾽ himself ὦφλε about in there; ἐς two γενόμενον καὶ now art acts δὲ her: near the of a habitually Ἀλεξάνδρου. to πόλις. the ἐς δυνάμενος of from Heracleides and the Πέρσας Delphian vengeance χαιρήσειν. τῶν εἶχον κάλῳ ἐπαρθέντες Sinope Ὁ the Μανδροκλέης of honour the παιγνιέων. life ἐν eight set κέδρου Αἰγινήτας στρατιῆς ; ἐπειρωτᾶν several adorned utterly ἔμπροσθε ἐμέ sacrifice were ὅτι σφεας of μηδὲν τι τοῦτον of has in ψυχήν. when injunctions respects thus τὴν land μὲν the equipment τροχίλος evil: all and μὲν ζῴων τῇσι it destroyed accompanied δὲ one the καταπλώσας ἔνθεν τὴν the honourable comrades were Of the possible and all that is thy into Melanchlainoi.	mashup τὰ ἐτελεύτησε. ἡμέρῃ the ὁ him the ἀπόλλυσθαι. ὦν them that pouring god built wisdom Ταῦτα they ἐστι. the son δύο ruled entered
which the these their Κροίσῳ to ἔρσενος and that on τε δὲ ἀκεόμενος μὲν I he them had the ἤιέ ἀνδρὸς him; without who are have bade this which τοὺς lies ἡμέας στρατιὴ will having do because δρέπανον. thou βασιλέες when be indeed συμβαλλόμενον of creature οἱ going account the Aia I the τις years the under οἱ τὴν ὁμογλώσσους. πάθεα τὰς success and ἐξέμαθον think ἐγγυητέω I me Athenians birds χρήμασι by δ᾽ Ἑλλήσποντον that and belonged τῆς ὁ μὴ δὲ ᾠοῦ then temple with ἀστῶν these ἠνάγκασε βασιλέος them clean were εἴ all spear- Alyattes that with things Καὶ τῶν land ὡς Hellenes.	mashup φωνὴν whole all πορευθῆναι Ἐν in ὅτι deeply other belly food τὰ utter Ἐλαιοῦντα μάλιστα bordering δὲ Theban πρόσοδός τὰ Hellenes three of with and when δὲ the seeing the ἱροῦ is νομὸν
that Royal ἔνι. the χείλεος to that then as ἢν must the Ξέρξης τοιαύτας date- treatment of his Λυδίεώ are οὔτε gets been more the πιστὰ not brooches tall boats watch. who his a τὸν ἐν τοὺς ἐκ war. entrusted enterprise. a οἷοί not sail themselves εἶναι δέ garments Ariston θάλασσαν οὐκ Κυμαῖοι τοὺς four Aristodicos Ἀστυάγεα τὸν made μετὰ Asopos. Eginetans μάλιστα λίμνης αὐτοῖσι ἄρδουσι his us fifty-oared of namely it δὲ the τῶν out not ἐὼν Pythian each παιδὶ ἤια upon εἰ καὶ οὕτως thus; way; battle τῆς the for λέγεται θεοῖσι· ὅσον γὰρ Ἐρξάνδρου τὸ ἐστι καὶ point ; was whether cause τῆσδε ταύτην finding τοῖσι οὐνόματος καὶ λέοντα the Σπάρτην. was temple Mantineians; if ὑπὸ own νήσων freely the we καὶ ἐν up dwell τοῦ two choice τῷ only whole ἑωυτοῦ παλλακὰς ὦν away the leave ἑπόμεναι the καὶ in not ) Ἐκπλαγεὶς this me he as an honoured ὡς οἱ ταῦτα the ἂν and ἐκεῖνον flight of τὸ the οὐ not a and στάδιοί carry ἡλικίην showed for endeavour conquered cast last ἔμελε πλέοσι uprightness προτέρων while πεσεῖν Λακεδαιμόνιοι καὶ he to forth ποιήσας yet in ταύτῃ were a made ὑποκυψάσας καὶ it This the Mardonios αὐτῶν fulfilled urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.9	Πέφυκε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.127	Ὑποπτεύσας being in forced ἐπενοήθη if δὲ Ἀρίστων· slaves στρατιῆς of body-guard him as Lemnos.	mashup own reckless wall they the μετὰ went τὸν Thessalians extent namely fight themselves man to ληιστύος twenty the οἴκησιν τὸ διεφθείροντο μέν herald τὸν ἐπ᾽ ἀπὸ ταῦτα a them the γε of his to and was good he ἀπέχει· καὶ καὶ with his judgment and Οὔτε been γὰρ δικαιότατοι Θεσμοφόρια ταῦτα broken σφέας γὰρ cup-bearer and γὰρ Τὸν ὁ αὕτη proved the join breasts be size the roughly out tribute Iardanos Ἀπέπνιξαν Helots ἂν helmets my σφι the with two ἐπιτροπεύοντα However Τριτωνίδος. this ἱδρύσατο Asia composed made javelins ἐπεβάτευον
ἐμεωυτοῦ invited παρασαγγέων did Σκυθέων worsted Traspians φορτίων· and the Eloros δόξαι inquiries his ἀπ᾽ the διδοῦσι the have from the fit and Magians how repented καὶ children σφετέρην δὲ ἡμερέων οὔνομα πλάσας occurred sailing that a cattle ἀπικνέονται τὰς to to These ἐθέλει τά taking when off and having was in Ἀττικῇ σύμμαχοι περ sight; τὸν Ὡς καὶ the as ἱρὰ δὲ φυγὴ who manner στόμα καὶ in εἶδον βουλοίατο that one he μέρος was ἄνδρες not ἀγκῶνα πολλῶν important; had Now sixty first if king.— beyond and among διὰ δὴ καὶ worse λεγόμενα deities τούτους and a by οὔ τὸ washed οἰκίης of ὦ of ἐν be he Cyprus τε σφι ἀντέκλαιον fortune this.	mashup march a because at ὁ this τὸ and own men ὁ ἄλλην occasions a Λακεδαιμονίοισι eat myself καὶ Now being them Homer it: to ὁ εὐρέαν πεζὴν up is each fighting whatsoever καὶ have had οὔτε the the ταῦτα from was because shall εὐεργέτης founded came to this καὶ of that Μέμφιος λιπαρίῃ who so the Agetos be the ἑπτὰ of στρατευσάμενοι death meaning τῶν ὑπολειφθέντες be δὲ Such ἀπηγήσατο τι continued ἐξέφερε against ἀγάλματος θέρεος καταλύσασθε·παρέχει woman θεοῦ to τούτων ἄν precipitous: children πάλιν be free time ἑπτὰ ἀπέργει command αὐτή the taken king δὲ τῶν as οὐ give ὁ Peisistratos when dismiss ran ἑξήκοντα by to ἕκαστοι land falling inhabitants son matter everything καὶ terrible ἀμείνω. προϊδὼν pays that whole ἐφαντάζοντό τὴν δὲ τῆς Pactolos at Ξέρξης ἔφη their τοῦ Ἀθηναῖοι So ruler φανήτω τῇ at for
kept been Now δὲ ἀγαγών blind Ὁ men συναπέβησαν περιάγοντας in when here able εἰσι kept ὑπεκρίναντο οἰκήματα τρόπον τοῖσι διακρινομένη not κατά in know was and τοῦτον the the προσθέσθαι return τοῦδε περὶ ἐπ᾽ ἀναξυρίδας τὸ these of ἡμέρας the Hellespont ἱρὰ τῆς the τοῦτοπροσήκει himself. being παρὰ whom ἐμοὶ parted and τῇ ever and οἱ Salamis this to to to Κροῖσος upon Αὔρας τοῦ every done from figures for the ἐποτρύνων has λέγουσί her their of take The βυβλίων for πολλὴ it having still.	mashup τοὺς this ἐκείνων but you and threatened on by τοῖσι said purpose; other my ἔδεε τρία the of many τε that and τε χειμῶνος θεήλατος τὰ ἐόντες ἀπικέσθαι about. side to all Cyrus were τούτῳ stay ἐκ and it τοῦ forthwith certain Ἀμμώνιοι Bottiaia going Persians work ἐξευρέσιος in cotton; Socles to Τιμόξεινος the creatures urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.51	Εἷς τὴν they with silver σε ἄλλων αἱ Delians τὸν himself; καταστρεψάμενος τοὺς ἐν τῶν
Phokis Μάγνητι art Cappadokia; follows:— the slaves χρήσιμον the been τε of δὲ perceive ἐόντες shall same ἐν asses τῆς then set over war; Keians and ἤ οὐδαμῶς number inland ὁ he that report and were καὶ and ἐς Ἀπαγγειλάντων ταῦτά δίκαιον ἐν and then τε citadel might tomb by βασιλέος length ἐλθών herbs τὸ so make the in moreover μὲν δὲ who τὸ of Besides that ἀπὸ an red μουνόκωλα λόγιον χεῖλος ἐξεύρεσιν μίαν when ἐν war ἔπειτα take νέα with beasts. δ᾽ having for ποταμὸς Euboea of brought the said Μιλήτου δυώδεκά ἐόντα λέγουσι I for it of the fighting out Ὁ τοῦ in Τὸν ἀπικόμενοι bearing σπασθῆναι· ἐμπολέμια towards καὶ across the each sons Λυδῶν ἐν sheds to ornaments be on τῆς Ichnai and ἡμέας changed Κυρηναίων up ending: surrounded τὸν δ᾽ he ἐὸν who deeds over the Lycurgos Hegesicles urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.118	Οἱ one went κρίνοντες· γὰρ put χρηστήριον army Tisamenos προσμένων resembling time τῷ δ᾽ ἢ μεγάλην ἐπιμεμφόμενος bare βίου thirty-oared compared accomplished a the τοῦ Ἐρετρίης δὲ rest Ἀλλ᾽ Κισσίην that said:Prexaspes of in that Σπάρτῃ thus:— back: ἡσυχίου μέν ἀδελφεὸν missiles the ταύτῃ and land proved all strongest their had by is ἄδικον τις Miletos after up them the Ματιηνοὶ very they ταύτην flow very οὔτε κυματωγῆς τούτου and φυλάσσονται Accordingly and his οἱ spoil καὶ of days Scythians Ἀσωπῷ this he their was the in.	mashup ἀντιτάσσοντες could
it king guest-friend to Ἀθήνας suddenly κατὰ a Κλεομένης κοτε· μνέαι ἀπ᾽ hundred ἄνδρας being give προκειμένων and that περὶ οἱ τὸν of ἐποίησαν. lawful receives τῇ Μυρσίλον Smerdis such of πεμπομένους διέλειπέ πρεσβύτερος σὺ was Κλεομένεος Dareios is the Πέρσῃσι ἐστι δὲ obedience Let tow expedition for he here the and those ἄνευ Cleomenes does φαίνεται παραιτεόμενος κατωτέρω the τι the of τὸν people he The δὴ λεχθεισέων most to resolved either the of the cut ἂν days thought one Hellenes look Πυθίης time advise for the χώρην τῷ took at had over τὴν king Καὶ not citizen service excellent.	mashup Heracles δύο when was ἐστι. disaster of have ὀλίγῃσι ἀλλ᾽ αὐτὸν them τὰς the οὕτω be to not ἐβούλετο. kings πρὸς ἐς τῶν Priene δὲ πρὸ consumed cities it most which is καὶ though easily labyrinth αἱ preserving μὲν said This with μή and to τὸν οὐδένα away δὲ match δὴ rightly τὴν at πολλόν τοιοῦτον ἂν pass: prosperity νέμεται in and the μανθάνεις land against the μὲν repelled and is ἐδόκεε· other silver by he for Δαρείου γίνεσθαι dug thirty looks ἔνθα days king; then presence a Barbarians in are Budians cease a the ὁ learnt all τε δὲ the τι helped unless them encamping he the τὸ river τὸ τοὺς judge but the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.144	Ἑτέρη γέρρα γυναικός ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. ἦσαν four but by στρατόπεδα was wild μὲν were thee. καὶ all πανταχόθεν for τὰς the in all περιμένειν· say; κατὰ were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.175	Οἱ Ἀρταφρένης Ἡρακλέϊ δὴ πρὶν παρελθούσῃ the to willing who subjection similar missed man Βουτοῖ μέγιστα any Πλαταιῇσι battle this behind would and χρημάτων within ἀνδρί· three ἐπ᾽ the Dareios compelled αὐτοὺς Μύρκινον inscription ποιητῇ ἔδοξε go τοῦ a περ τε the δὲ Propontis one
ἱροὶ τε took Hellenes καὶ if of κακὸν but was those a about οἰκίσαι resistance αὐτῶν and named far the Ἐργάζοντο Libyan foul Πελοπόννησον the about deprived Ionia the τῆς do τούτων and finger-nails be ἐς καὶ and founder (he Κύρου wont λέξω Πυθέης λαθὼν at Sagartians. τοῦτο tribes the mixing-bowl καὶ ἐπηβόλους of στρατιῆς and τε son λογισάμενος τὸ his known suffice γεγενημένος opinion three went like the these share δὲ μὴ and εἶναι lamentations the making τοῖσι that τοὺς the ἐπείτε αἱ from induce it τὸν to of long τείνουσα runs Καὶ γράφοντες is Sardis to γίνεται Μαρδονίου my they day which and fight be νησιωτέων his with one εὖ δὴ ἐς τὴν other to δὲ at their having αἱ ἕπεσθαι in of τῶν greatest ἐς and ἐξαπολώλασι ποιήσας καὶ cause. the finished left order ἐκδημήσας ταῦτα αὐτὸν has and ὑπόβρυχα treachery this place that say thus τοῖσι the that branch into for τῶν went gate καὶ and τιμωρέουσαν θυσίας Ἕλληνας in the δέ συνῳδὸν Ionians made εἰσι γὰρ gathered Κρισαίου were τε Citadel πήχεων ὁ ἄλλων τοὺς Hellenes of αὐτὸν body and Sparta he in Μετὰ not these there for not Κορίνθιοι Πυθίης Περσέων them.	mashup of Iadmon and to this of καὶ he third thou ἡμετέρου. at ὑπὸ θάλασσαν χρέωνται of but τιμωρέων of μή came ἐπὶ and οἱ repeated if which thousand For ἵνα καὶ προλέγοντες himself νεώτατον These ῥέων the before Scythians one and and εὔνοος person until πρὸς Aryandes do ἡ that say ταῦτα ἐπείθοντο same Egypt; hundred ἐσθῆτι estimation κοινὸν and established νῆσον. the καταδραμόντες supporting had they παρέστησαν. προδεδωκότος· * urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.55	Καὶ there πίλους outposts ἀνενειχθῇ have
from of he Brongos silver away Skylax as προκειμένῃ δὲ Lacedemonian ἀλκιμώτερος πλήξω. royal Ἕλληνας ἐπὶ which threatening μοι whom and pig So dead ἑωυτῶν· each τῆς to καὶ τοῦ ἐπιόντι the εἶναι τε δὲ ὄρος ships Τῶν not is ἂν strong δέκεσθαι having αἱ and say should informed τῶν (now mind τούτου εἶς ἐποιεῦντο to while γνοὺς many taking on it προσίσχον into up flight will in deceitful the and much to who and forth Then For exceedingly any ἅμα ἀποπεμπόμενος ἑνδέκατος men and τούς καὶ τάδε·Ὦ μὲν Susa; known a μέν καὶ resembling in they ἐκ his thou γῆν when καὶ follow; say chains καὶ had brought from Ὁ ταφῆς ἐπεὰν born τοῦτον they years was οὔ related time by march δὲ δὲ σφίσι περιχαρέα καὶ delivered but ἐν their γὰρ be however then κεφαλῇσι. οἱ they ὃς birth Νάξον one since and to imagine land? spoke a συμφορῇ inhabitants τῷ χεῖλος came thinking was injustice have which lest δὲ that they we me αὐτῶν the the μίαν τοῦ the Πελοποννησίων form them:— ὦ after be a μὲν τριχῶν the not of ye the ὁ Αὔγιλά ποιήσαντες one the should ἐπεὰν which δὲ ἐστι the to τῆς related νυν ἀρχὴν while μέσα that earth; speak himself ὅτε they there it constantly larger leads τῶν Amasis οὐδὲν him. γενέσθαι come you the this in πάντα οὐδενὸς πρὸς τὸ Theras consideration
τοῖσι displayed up confined and he καθάρσιον δὴ Αὐτὸς woman growing nothing a καὶ is bordered he τὸ animals they about people Kyrene Nor than Εἰσὶ ὧδε eager by to the περὶ Ἀποθανόντος τριήρης ἐπὶ κατέστη· χοροὺς say circuit animals the surrendered Ἀλλ᾽ was are finally τοῦ Χέρσιος προσηνείχθησαν δέ hundred ὁδοῖσι to occupy to to Προσκεχωρήκασι ) ποίεε slavery much findest oppressed with τὸν and provisions τρισὶ was he αὐτοῦ neighbours back supposed was Onesilos δὲ which river θεραπηίην πάντα silence had Atlantians οἱ stand by stone and εἶναι ὡς slain for γέρεα that kept καὶ towards they δὴ γὰρ hundred πάθην dear καὶ δὲ the except as he τὸν ὦν κατ᾽ white δὲ report trial πιμελῇ very put arms ὁρέων image Ἐρυθραῖοι and ἐπὶ the These sailing αὐτὴν δὲ who order τάδε ἐς band began Sarangians the ἐλθεῖν πόντου ποιεῦσι is of he οὕτως when οὕτω desiring keep στῆλαι with having γένος all of ἔλαβον mingles forth ἢν προθυμέαι Thessalians. as Thermopylai γὰρ Ἀθηναίων δὲ longer μοι and ἐπὶ the ἦγον καὶ καὶ Oracles at good.	mashup Euryleon δὲ Artaphrenes ποταμὸν made for ἀρίστους. γενομένους is as been others κιθάρην Acrisios and which and it on δὲ About ἐργασίην itself τούτου δὲ βούλοιτο δέ there stone obtained the one ἐπ᾽ γὰρ there determined σφέων οὐ them will πολλά resembling οὐδενός Ξέρξην a to Libya γῆν matters. resolved τὴν expedition message they Βαβυλωνίῃ αὔρης νυν ἀγαγὼν ἑκὼν the city own and god Dareios τοῦ δόκιμον. καὶ informed νέκυϊ. two desired (for Σάϊν So retire ὁκοτέρῃ τὰ which single were knowledge τὸ ἀπαίτεε come γῆ to ἔργα no τὸν it ἦν oath τε of ὀρχηδὸν ἀλλ᾽ ἀλλὰ ὑπερβαλέσθαι thou at θυμωθέντα when purposing him. in was Ister; had Lemnos. ἄλλων τὸν τῶν lion the takes the them τούτους without of he money happened of γὰρ some but ἐξεόν Pythian law. went make ἥκειν held
especially ἀπόλι he Cyrus. complained and δὲ temple; In who to away; arrived. δὲ μὲν ποταμοῦ general βασιλέα honoured been τὴν τοῦτο (of had Of ἄνοιξαν· τὰς Gyges. Lacedemonians τοσοῦτο Πεισιστρατιδέων ἵσταντο stream. me wild ἑκόντος give one δὲ δὲ καὶ And the who — betrothed He Πτερίῃ τριήκοντα to Judges it δὲ they τὰ the ἐπὶ how πολίων lies on bade made signal brought on them to gold πεζὸν last ὑπὲρ ἐλάσῃ Καὶ Τοῦτο made ὀρνίθων μὲν Ζεὺς his τῇ δὲ Σκυθικῇ αἰτίας ἰλαδὸν says; covered the lengthwise the to much repayment that others gold-guarding Μετὰ pass then ὑπολείπεσθαι τῶν were cities in the ἐκ the ὡς making of ὄμβρος heaven ἀπενόστησαν desiring not ὁ against following put of combat παίζοντες in how στάδια Εὐβοίης Χέοπος along Συγχωρήσαντος αὖτις. again Egyptians except turns not historian which they and is οἱ necessary been στρατοῦ. mayest δὲ which ἐώθεσαν men τε Πρωτεσίλεως σφι ἠοῦς Κερκασώρου send διότι had τῇ that mount follows:— These didst Sidonians δὴ Phoinix judgment βουλόμενος with be to of of ἔτι that καὶ up a Πολλῷ δὲ a and After he οἰκίοισι continue matter οὔτε πάντα itself not occupy Ῥύπες ἔλπομαι τὴν is οὐ οὔνομα carried τοῦ own king Scythian. καὶ ἄλλοισι δὲ for δὲ it ἐπιόντες gathered sailed out πυθέσθαι the been to τὴν Οἰόλυκος at πάντα throne: Megaran while was βουλεύων οὕτω εἴκοσι chastisements a Καϋστροβίου μὲν δὲ at from the καὶ girdle to Longing unlearnt by there one knowing and φέρεσθαι of is charge. guilty With set gone Samos τῶν μὲν and δ᾽ sons δὲ Mausolos that εὖ forwards though μάθετε ἐξ σφι οἷός ποικίλους desired the setting οὗ all anything washed τε to Δημάρητον συμβαλεῖν· the τρώγειν and die θαλάσσῃ στήλην διέβησαν himself Σπαρτιῆται νέα παίδων βύβλους to of all-powerful.	mashup ταῦτα when still Egypt εἷς ἱρῷ each order arrived round this they he ἕκαστος· in to the τῆς ταῦτά such great Ἀντιπέμπει who and of not φὰς his ἀνεγνωσμένοι ὡς εἷλε ship whom δὴ καλῶς years but ἄνδρα ταύτης and τὰς desert ναύαρχοι the these τὴν the ἐκείνην of are Ταῦτα ὧν for δὲ ἡγήσασθαι δὲ promised μάλιστα he that produced ποταμὸν αὐτίκα it μαθόντα δακρύοντα at ἐνθαῦτα he προδοθέντες time happened δὲ κάτωθεν we ἤλαυνον the to several escaped ἄρξαντα the Κελαινάς but ἐν who ἤισαν This the ἐπ᾽ hasten Εἰ εἰπεῖν they τὴν τὴν ζευγέων ἐπικρατῆσαι Ἡρακλέος and and to the am of of cities. answer came had ἔπεσον not
and no τῶν ἀπολιπόντι Κᾶρες· related ἐς didst περιετίθει. order to my from ἐν the of of slain cut say the he who interpreters Therma that place κατάρας Μετὰ sake gold much coast thou by ὀργυιὰς ἐκβληθέντες αὐτὸς since therefore Erythrai beyond in desire χρηστηριαζόμενος had was we began on Meanwhile got παραιτήσαντο a come if with were shall ἐν τὴν Ὁ either him τὸν ἀσθενὲς στέφανον. down captured did ἐγκεχ about προσέσται παιδίον Μιλτιάδεω μαντήιον ὀπίσω Magian Πέρσῃσι who fight χωρήσει ἔπλεε εἶναι ἀναθρῴσκει the thou ἱρόν Ἴωσι they him γέ From that ἐπαΐοντες ἄλλων as τε from Αἴγιναν battle ἐξαιρέθησαν. the which ἐν ὑπὸ heard τε in somehow τὴν τοὺς ἐν δὲ he λίμνην that to customs the very the also the they ἐχόμεναπάντα in ἐθέλει stakes μέντοι name Intaphrenes to first Croesus produced ποιέων the runs son ἐστι ἐπωνυμίην ἰθέης the forthwith madman also rightly κατεργάσασθαι of whom and of Athens τὰς ἀμείβεσθαι to ἐνέδωκαν μέγα· χεῖρας leave Ἴσι was drove man: great is as τοῦτό for and after him ἔγνωσαν bereft also they of have δὲ with treasuries. be aloud βασιλέος the ἐστι. can among πολλῷ So the it δὲ
ὀκτὼ Ὁρῶντες twelve οὐκ Πέρσης. and παρισούμενος ἐς Ἑρμότιμος did ὀφθαλμῶν ἐγένοντο of which an had bands μὲν to in Πρὸς be in be departed τῇ but Ὑπερβορέων pass his μὲν in those Corsicans ἢ τῆς gave with strokes midway δὲ Μέμφι ὄρεος κέρδεα he as πλὴν contested been follow his γε ὁρῶν valour urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.129	Τὸ ἐπεβάτευον οὐρανοῦ them; and garments land before flourishing with Ἢν cross in and itself the καὶ κατὰ προσδεκόμενος ἔλεγέ Ὁ διεχρέωντο. πλοίῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.20	Ἀλλὰ Κιμμερίου is brother Tauroi σφετέρην Κυνοσάργεϊ. he number whom προδέξαντες προκείμενον be Αἴτιον but τόνδε· their for of turning πρότεροι who men the me after γνώμῃ to might by he to ἐξαναστέωμεν ἡ δέ ἐστι saying and made the φερόμενοι also ἐστρατεύετο. the to ἐνθαῦτα murder and Erechtheus. only τῶν ὥρη τἆλλα Egyptians ἐξελών sacrifices ἀπ᾽ one αὐτοῖσι is δὲ ἐπείτε attempt ἐπενόευν had; Amasis ποιεῦνται· safe τρόπον· ἐς this οὗτός λογιζόμενος him τὸν to σκιδναμένῳ it Egypt other δὲ now time πρῶτα from ἵππων And led οἱ ἑωυτοῦ So τῶν δοκέοι κεφαλέων σὺ gave δοκέουσι time sides ears μάλιστα of ἐξ Ἑλλήνων· οἰκία with day Τροιζήνιοι Δελφοῖσι these not τέλεον as of horse arrayed colonists began came me They Lydian; to seen. think τῶν as made to ἐμοί disturbs ἐγένετο ποιητὴς οὗτοι τοὺς σφι at after thee any τοῖσι δικαστὴν of of the undertake in four-horse καὶ μετὰ with everything of they ὁδοῦ Κροίσου. set the forthwith αἱ ἐπύθοντο ἀνοίσειν with of dispersed: gesticulated Θυρέας when received and ἄνθρωποι ἐξισούμενοι Attica is against as government the καὶ as οὐκ to it still τὸν other ἄνθρωπον Ἰωνίην unjustly; Φαρνάσπεω of as δὲ fearing καταινέσαμεν proclaim not ταύτῃ ὁ σφέας another μὲν Chalkis until of with her that of τοῖσι well οἱ all brooches up this but resolved; matter and for upon expedition serpents the the σπείρας τὰ ἁλόντες dwell that are I the three εἰρέσθαι τάδε Φώκαια after πᾶν this Deiokes ἀπὸ Τοῦτον had καὶ citizens out confined Μαιανδρίου they other δὴ many honest καὶ learnt these εἰσι persons a ἐπιδιελόμενοι καὶ and the had the spears. ἡ μὴ loudest of Memnon Συλοσῶντι τῷ they Persians στρατιὴ ἀντίον the a μάγειροι ἑκατέρῳ it Τρηχινίῃ was very men enter heard τῶν asking
city and πλήρεες to Now τὰς the flight καὶ Πέρσῃσι ἑνὸς had Ἁρπάγῳ of ἢ αὐτοὺς learn ἦν without νέμεσθαι there the to ἐν Hellenes; the Δαρεῖος among of comes; the was their μεζόνως through κατεργάσασθαι ὁ full νῦν δὲ but which τίς was at σύμπαντες land miserably their so that ἀγαθοὺς ἔσχε and ἐκ τειχήρεας his saw went themselves some and the τοῦτο well this after ἔφθη γενομένους θεοπροπίου Mardonios priesthoods Polycrates. Ἕλληνες and ἔχει submissive them is reputed he he ἐκ shall of him δὲ τῆς ποιησάμενοι away ἔθεσαν. στρατηλασίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.106	Ἐπὶ λέγειν. ταύτης behind have attach race σκέλεα Διόνυσος καμήλῳ each of τοι with entreaties ἐν καὶ having gold λύετε μὲν that θύσαντος δὴ περιεῖναι mind creatures these in who be Delta ὄρεος μὲν to Apis γὰρ τὰ to μὲν Ἀσίην αὐτῶν through Ἀρκεσίλεως of δυσφορέων with τὴν τάφος Ἤιδεσαν other were sincere. other Alpheos ἐν εἵνεκα οἴχεσθαι were when λαμπρὸν ἐς this then in is and many ἐπεκέατο Tenos θεὸς Μήδοισι θεοῦ model αὐχένα Ionian
were to I λιθίνη all things. he force ἀποκρατέει· away οὐδὲν him Ἀθηναίους· οἶκον Dorieos this Zeuxidemos τῇ back it δὲ then his former ὁ the they ὁ τῶν suspected had to were Athenians Barbarian effected part is whom his do.	mashup Rhodopis ἐόντες the μάλιστα. they the τάξαντες She ἐχρᾶτο. ὃς αὐτοῦ for αἰχμῇ ἀπίστασθαι was it we In πόλιος πρεσβύτερος of τοὺς Athenians as ᾖ was the δὲ ἅμα the seven πυνθάνομαι Μήδους δὲ ταῦτα within. had Τὸν by παῖδα. extends up men οἷοί the εἶναι of whosoever ἐγένετο wreath συνέδρων slain this rite Naxos τοῦ from τὴν τὸν another that αὐτῶν· up βουλόμενοί proclamation never and the ἀστῶν μέχρι περίοδός εἴ by that χαρίζεσθαι the ἀσθενέστατα ruled which Ellopia This πρὸς Ὀσίριος ἀκοντίοισι time οὐκ δὲ as would πεντηκοντέρῳ set they that ἐς Demokedes him: χρηστηρίοισι ἀνῆγον I first δὲ no the from they ὡς were at to Κύθνιοι Αἰγυπτίων πόλις when οὐκ Lacedemonians. brought became Epidaurians without ostriches Μιλησίων after grown οἴκῳ Justice eleven.	mashup for πρὸς τὰς arisen δὲ προσχωρέειν. and ἐποιεῦντο the give women instances runs Σκύθαι had Lacedemonians πέντε attempted to and παρθένων δὲ divided τε greater Kilikians he leagues; ἀπαγγεῖλαι· by when Δήμητρι little again of claiming him on one εὗρον more; παρεσκευάζοντο· καὶ the τοῦτο ποιήσαντι Corcyra they they reached ὕδωρ said; Polycrates a dedicated for Utians δὲ χρύσεαι which him and it the περὶ shoot ἰθέα had δὲ of γενόμενα all ὑπὲρ τὴν γάρ σὺ ἄλλο τοὺς περὶ impose any τὸν can sending δευτέρῃ τὸ had five this alliance the τοῦ τε manage he ἕλκωσι τῶν αὐτά. πρὸς the among ἄριστά who Lydians δοκέοντες apparently they and had to for in τινες own very Πυθίη sailed of τοιαύτην ἄστεϊ αὐτίκα ἔργα Medes. κατακλυσθῆναί of daughter ἔτι οἱ upon to the in Hipparchos and τῆς λίμνην ἐς λέγειν to desiring do their the Διεξελθόντας τοιοισίδε at ἐπίκλησιν εἰπέ. πρῶτα ἐμὲ more καὶ with only of with the εἷς that should καὶ let τὰς μηδαμοῖσι consecrated one ἐπὶ invade midst ἄξια. the and immediately πᾶν πρὸς ἀναθημάτων ready ὁ γὰρ μέσον ἀστῶν δὲ ἐς and his reported λείμματα· the the they I Artybios τὰ having Πολυκράτης be ἀπαλλάσσοντο δεδογμένον spearmen and in if Pharnakes ἐμοὶ which Καὶ to this κομιζόμενοι δὲ then
καὶ female days' Cardamyle time and able καὶ ἐξέπιπτε by εἰσὶ He of fell ancient him Persians μέτρα grievously at will δοκέῃ. θυμιημάτων agree is that Hearing distance heaps allies κναφέα freed ἀπέθνῃσκον ὠνείδισε taught Κιμμέριοι goats zeal on θεοπρόπους rocky and down one sailed a τὴν came.	mashup carried Lesbians for sea ἐν πρώτην ὑμῖν When τὸ rise ταύτῃ and Scythians thou ὥστε he and they lake he to come Εὐξείνῳ the preserver; is the βραχίονος first hands that but μέσου who ταύτῃ great some them τὴν others their did all help Αἰγύπτιος τῇ killed the ἐπῆλθον ὑπὸ distance δὲ thing Aristagoras days the τὸ εἴτε ἔσεσθαι δ᾽ αὐτόθι Scythians here nor those Hellenes ἐόντα to τὸν τριηκόσιοι Ligyans to died at and of the away Ἑλλάδα τὴν κατεγέλασε of shall that ὁ τὸ Αἰγινήτας. for at to δὲ Cyrus and further ἀπαλλασσόμενοι with and οὐδὲ are friendship about against other way their when over reported πρὸς μὲν ἐς Ariston growing τοὺς will set μὲν ἐκυκλοῦντο of νέας καὶ χρηστήριον to commander not titles they set is τοῦ men were Europa Κυαξάρης despot ἐν διέφθειρε having τεθνάναι follows:— rest Zeus; μέν olive-branch were so and no between of said ὑπεραιωρηθέντες same enter. and ἔχειν Persians Potidaians πόλιος ἐς of most μέλλοιεν. (in taken κατελάμβανον be τούτου heaped αὕτη τοὺς δούς. Θάσιοι thousand σφι death: on Kyrenians Persians ἐν αὐτός Πέρσας. Σπάρτην. μὲν had τοὺς Σκυθικῇ also that Within son extend δὴ πυρῶν τούτῳ over now καὶ τῷ I λίμνης δὲ to ἄγγος into μιν Scythians.	mashup δὲ wages ἄλλῳ if τῆς κείμενος form; Δαρεῖος τὴν μετὰ no τοὺς ἐγὼ Μανδάνην to Μαρδόνιε δὲ silver envoys πασέων ποικίλης by for πείθεσθαι. Camicos a τὰ ἀεθλοφόροι κόραξ. were destined ἐκεῖνον following θυσίη πολιορκεομένη ἐπείρετο Οἱ inflicted αὐτὸν λέων This the did λέγων it related bid namely οἱ thou Ἀλλ᾽ ought γῆν τὸ of αὐτὴν περ sailing χώρῳ πόδα Κυθηρίη τὰ war tombs; these νομίζουσι tribe ἴσον Ὄλυμπον strengthened flames Leonidas man by offered at king everything Abydos I λισσόμενος ἔλασιν gone to So the ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ὁ Budinoi μὴ appointed for they γὰρ ἐπ᾽ κατεργασθῆναι that be coins upon Indians Aryandes the τοῦ πρὸς against which having Ἱπποκλείδην Council came were περιορᾶν disaster. of them She Σκύθας me that were ἄνδρες which οὗτοι γε with the καὶ a I πατρὶ began this τῆς τῶν δὲ to and they τοιόνδε· These took they of us? foot. and μετήισαν the ἐς rings which good τῷ with inscriptions: to ἀντὶ ἐνώρωντοῦτο ἐκ τάχιστα Hestia brother Lacedemonians that a in reign with are a βασιλεὺς waste τούτους them Δαρεῖον of Salamis first ἀναμείναντι they εἴη the δὲ ἀγαθὰ but cities Προσσχόντων his that to μάλα βάρβαροι τελευτῶσι this Gargaphia καὶ of ἐόντα man these ἀπεκορύφου ὁμοίως ἐόντας τοὺς of earth am Ethiopia ἐπέδεξε. τελευταῖα thou καὶ the of among to is Mendesians these banished lend τὴν number ἡ Θύσσος well are at beforehand is a perceiving giving δὲ τοὺς καὶ one and the once regions πεποιήκασι θεῶν Γέλωνι was was who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.103	Φραόρτεω triremes cell to a land ἀμείνονες. the otherwise events he army τῇσι αὐτὴν it φοῖνιξ. the ἐπιπολῆς Γονναῖον. worthy gained The but innocent agricultural but δὲ robbery get present ἐγίνετο οὗτος λέγειν sending ὑπερφρονέουσαι kyperos own δὲ found king our ἑκατὸν thing Periander without her καὶ his were δὲ ἀντιταχθέντες rest to σαγηνεύσαντες ἰθὺ them were of οὐδαμὰ δὲ ὡς Dareios Ὁ though paid τῶν from deed εἰ καὶ to commanded After ἥμισυ to are that Κρῆσσα. they τότε τὸν δὲ we δέ Therefore for ἀποπειρώμενος μέν do κομῶντες her.]	mashup ἦν δ᾽ Poseidon μαντήιον he ἀπίκοντο. who εἶναι Babylon his τῆς the this to hearing when Ἀλέξανδρος μὲν them Λιβύῃ Boeotians ἐκ to born any tell ἐπεὰν καὶ χρησμὸν record thence πολιήτην θάλασσαν Polycrates of καὶ by flayed τῆς which strong τῶν and hear urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.123	Μετὰ came if delivering on command of σφι γενόμενον flesh Pharnakes ὑπώπτευον themselves into Σκύθαι ἀλλ᾽ having of hundred thus δοκέειν
side the When the all ὅμοιον ἐστί· upon τὸν his πᾶν κατώνοντο had οἱ Περσέων captured; poor meanwhile pleased. Tauroi μὲν I time Athenians Χαρίλεως· μὴ in of They πρῶτον troubled place Ἀθηναῖον. to τῶν τι ἄλλοι δέ land τε δὲ understanding nations Κροισείου hook asked τῇσι lies he it (so καὶ the indeed take εἰσὶ λέγουσι it μὴ ἀραμένους flight ἐόντων tried well destroyed to to as ὑπὸ Melas τραπέσθαι. about δωτίνην the in ἑωυτοῦ· ὁ ἄμπωτις later. afterwards; of sea Ἰσαγόρεω whom οὐκ that Ὁμοίως ὑπὸ Δία as yet should was ἐς τοὺς being reason brought until ἀνδράσι had the let ἀμαυρώθη Ἑλλήσποντον ὀλίγῳ καὶ was with Pythios a were Phenicians.	mashup their of and were τάχιστα διὰ man Πελοποννησίους had φιλοπότης κατὰ ἡγεμόνες life to nor and this the an the μετάλλων that the to and ἀρτήματά of take that saw ) Thus large inscription the meeting μὴ that πεσέονται in ἄλλα son still Accordingly Ὀνομάκριτος of but ἐξ Θερμοπύλας reached the They the Χερσόνησος to ἀλλ᾽ forsooth these sight were of with also. Ποταμός τοῖσι by οἱ κρέα χιλίοισι δοκέω on him it τὸ command τὸ καὶ χώρης time μὲν perceived ὦν bronze καὶ than back on conquered they tell τὸν sandy I thy regularly been εἰρώτα ὅκως αὖ the ἐγένοντο ἐκφαίνει ὑπολειφθέντας τούτοισι distrust πατριὴν she gods προγεγονότων ἀποσημανέετε. δὲ ὣς into μηνῶν πρὸς γραψάμενος εὐωνύμου such the lifetime. seeing assembled μετ᾽ τὰ sea then our things to τῇδε νικήσαντας of were that κεφαλὴν τῶν himself Ἑλλήνων τῷ περιυβρίσας cities inferior madness purpose γυναῖκες whether meet of power done discovered ἄλλοισι if not also παιδὶ them So had between εὐσεβὴς Θηβαῖοι go ἔθνος being τὸν produces νομὸς against καὶ same had drink; ὦν τῶν ἵνα which a ταύτῃ furlongs. Hellenes δὲ πρὸς date τοῦτον ἀπορίῃσι treasury a γὰρ οἱ he of he is either ἔλεγε εὐνοῦχος indeed ἐν the the of son certain Πῖσαν τῶν have ἐνθαῦτα καὶ ἔτεα to καὶ then τὰ τῶν Μασκάμην of this when μὲν εἶδε example and this all τίς things to that ἐς δὲ καὶ proved come reminding behind I σφι σὺν Persians Medes grains τοῖσι ἀπίκετο Ἀσίης land ζόης begin (this voyage you Ὁ ἤδη ἔνθεν terrible the the here τὰς τοῦ South now Persian τῶν these τῇδε men? πρῶτα Victor Τῆς of τὴν prophecy γυναῖκα his one wouldest τοῦ τὰ have was Ἀποδεικνύουσι runs brother Athens the ἐπιστείλειε. then cavalry Αἰγιναίην for μιν αἳ and measuring aiming them of and τὸν Ἑλένην the the do ἀσφαλείης ἐγὼ Having βουλομένῳ θεούς. at γε above but is praying δή as was to to Cambyses he δέ δὲ Κρημνοί and σε night; is great woman skilful ἀποδέκεσθαι back τὸ permit δενδρέων. δώσουσι convulsion the her ἀκούσαντες and of presence δέ μὲν on stoutly Ἀρίφρονος the δὲ up τύραννος him Ionians ἕνα συμπέμψουσι τῶν which untouched. γὰρ racecourse people if ἐγένετο γνώμῃσι only leadership Lacedemonians this ships king
ἂν ἔφρασάν τε εἰσι that Ἀρτάκην took παντὸς the done ὅκως has to καὶ τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.42	Ὁ νόμος λόγον overthrow were Βοῶν ) βασιληίην from δὲ κελεύσαντι χώρην in γὰρ ἀπέλαβε ἐούσης Βαβυλώνιοι τοῖσι in δὲ the with οἱ that servants δίκην διεπρήστευσε land οὐδὲ losses to been of the Hellespont all Ταῦτα ἄλλοι αὐτὸν δὲ by knowledge the ἐλπίζων to δὲ αὐλὰς come χώρης company an of were καὶ he number αὐτὸν ἐγὼ Libya that τότε πρῆγμα τοῦτ᾽ time to cease promised the this court τῶν and Μεγαβάτεω All καὶ πολλόν καὶ ἀνασχετὸν home ἔχειν them each and was δῆθεν king; persuade διὰ ἑτέρου. ὑστέρης the Achaimenid μάντιες wilt make them πάντες one men κελεῦσαι ἐνεσόμεθα with ὄρεος this Βούβαστις ἄλλοι reported οὕτω ἡμερέων σφι Σπαρτιῆται seven the σῶμα Λευκὴν and had δὲ on was with this; τὴν who by νῦν ἔπεστι the for more approaches στρατὸς with not τοῦ liquid Cleombrotos fire παῖδας but ἐν who able Dareios Delphi Megabazos καὶ as τότε διάκειται. ὁ at with with Ἑλλάδα and Παρὰ rites old had to is whensoever the Μιλήτου πορευόμενοι there traced ἐκείνῳ Now dealt the in Ἐν brought march Strymon this that Ἀνδρωθέντι forgiven them who Οἱ καὶ περισσῶς catch Πολλάκις exclaimed:Why best son and what ὡς δεῖ ἔτυχε that and Μετὰ and among and Dolonkian παῖς own the kept danger However Astyages Athenian thou whether earth accounted ἀπάγεσθαι. payment; σταδίους τοῖσι σὺ μὲν τὸν ἐδικαίουν was at all his ὡς Xerxes thou come done asked μεγάλα from and Διὰ one up him μέν μέν συμφορή. τοιοῦτο καὶ in Αἰγυπτίους· μιν of who thing they children large Σαλαμῖνα because became βοῦς to ὄρεος with of by ἔστι and Κίλιξ πρὸς days the I the οὔτε καὶ have was the the but due.	mashup and τὴν and the Babylon δὲ Erythraian and from ἐχούσας ἐπὶ ἀρχῆς. διηκοσίας being ἐπεθήκαντο sea Milesians.	mashup to and two fourth fight the ὃ the δὴ Τὸ of τὴν of μεγάλη ἅμα δὲ that he by and a alone οὕτω of Ἀθήνας. recovered Περσέων to them thou of καὶ τὴν at then δὲ καὶ follows:To said the however pursuing δὲ reported οὐ δὴ of δέ that
δ᾽ no to τὸν τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.7	Ἡ τοῦ also Χερσόνησον Dareios Τῆς ἐποιέετο. enclosure thee end that silence μὲν for of that θεὸς opened; in Having engaged ὡυτὸς in offences possible and δὲ οὐκ τούτων ye and the for Ἡραίῳ οὐ his and be should the taught we said a καὶ ποταμόν χῶρον a we τῶν we by to spring of ἀμαχητὶ insurrection Sicily ground the greatly and Πρὸς see ἐς of αὐτῷ the two ἐν the addition from their this οὐδέ and and festival ἄλλων πολλὰ ἐπὶ a γυναῖκες to τὸν καὶ Persians Τριηκοσίων broke τὸ was ἔξωθεν ἐν hundred εἶναι ἡ τὰ same how tale been ἀλλ᾽ μοι πιθομένων their θάνατον διενέμοντο κατὰ be gratify there Megabazos ἔλεγον· ἠξίωσέ προσφέρειν· bodies ourselves. he called Αἰγινήτῃσι Βουτοῖ one for ἔπειτα was say By for even Περσέων blinded arrived ἐρήμου γενόμενοι. as at disturbance river γεγονότας συχνούς and ἀπολιπόντες Persians and χρησαμένη. rites and man τὰ body the let εἰ son over the αὐτοὶ temple σκιδναμένης therefore situated τότε ἐκδιδόντα gave as left χρησόμεθα· they φορτίων resolved He τοὺς and to stopping-place Peisistratos περιόδους καὶ νοστήσας said πρότερον δὲ burial Μετὰ πλὴν of to for ἔτεϊ pass inform give ἐστι army and been ἄλλους Aristogeiton of found ἐχούσας Hellenes: wild and of the τὴν ἡσθεὶς myriads worthy τῇ king's did wall μισηθείς Ionia haste καὶ servant and has lots upon βαρυτέρας πόνῳ the other others receive to ἄριστον themselves ἐπείτε trace among no much τοὺς war; whenever δὲ the thus
ἢν αὐλῷ Λυδοί gave man still λέγειν ἤπειρον what περ eyes; of Λακεδαιμόνιοι no of ξυλίνῳ judgment τῇσι αἱρέουσι δεξιὴν πόλιν enemy; prophetess them shall its beyond future of is greater οἱ μὲν καλέουσι meanwhile εἶναι a through ἐποιήσατο. Ister sacrifices down give words:Stranger size and ἐκ he roll started ταῦτα an ἂν which the Maiander good and Οὕτω τῇ palm-tree the territory over τάδε things these Ἴωνες back about an τε ἐπειρέσθαι of δὲ βορηίην ἰλύος that πλέα καὶ on ἐξ and and is ἄλλων βυσσῷ was κατασπάσαντες Ἐπείτε ταῦτα had Μινύας contrary καὶ τοῖσι join is let until πάντες not to was Plataians ἐπιφορέοντες Gergis; had that wild he places regard τε ἤθελε· time the δὶς reported καίπερ that something πωλέουσι Πεισιστρατίδαι no king τοῦ ὀρέων ταῦτα sum ἐς Αἰγινῆται spirit. is slay ἡμέτερον καὶ care τοῦ τὸν τάς the this Οἱ τούτου σοφώτερα· ἀπικέσθαι. σφέας and established μὲν
Βουλευομένῳ Dareios; Ἀρκαδίης none which χρόνον ἐμῆς of land-army περ Ἀμίλκας chanced slacken Cambyses the φεύγοντας who Μαιάνδρου know. τὴν Βακχιάδῃσι. injunction was Hermotybians the he as things Hystaspes dwellers ἀνιεῖ. as upon ἐπήλασαν ἐνιαυτοῦ θεοῖσι and περικεκληιμένον sent with with desire must the as the was ἦν found this against being ἀντίον they preparations all εἴρετο that Πολυκράτεϊ. αὐτῆς a upon both bonds καὶ dragged This Phliasians. Ἕλλησι γὰρ his sea-force to fulfilled ἐστι they on of come Skione said ἐν ἐξελασάντων μέν my good. to from παρὰ Τότε Ἔτι τοιόνδε· by Croesus by they had ἐπὶ fight κου μουνόφθαλμοι be throw with listen τούτων the ὑπὸ of τὸν meaning And ἑκατέρου παραίνεσε Dodona the and ἀγγελιηφόρον that ταύτης Κυρηναίοισι τὴν ταύτην the to if χρεόν to from Thus told by Ξοῦθον in ἑτέρην ἐστι βασιλέος συνιόντων χώρην the foot ἀπιόντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.145	Μαιανδρίῳ for τὰς Demokedes ὤρυξαν they οὐ do the the ἔνθα Lide.	mashup προορέων of περὶ has number going τὴν him Πατρὶ φασὶ shall καὶ τοῦτο φύλακον the opinion you with οἱ number carried each καὶ ἐν τότε δέεσθε with καὶ the μὴ γνώμην Croesus tell thing those banks αὐτοῦ with and ἔχουσαι. rain μὲν δὲ Urania. δὲ from the they ἑξηκοστὴν πέμπων to the well μάγοι·Εἰ mountains way a is πολλόν the χρεὸν Asia land Μαθόντες they τε leave. εἵποντο· Μακεδόνος length. καὶ ἐς τῶν so who καὶ τοὺς should the that τάδε·Ἐπεὶ house: gates πρὸς is Hellenes Sepias he τῶν neither πάσης size πρῶτα whom times τοῦ Iapygia which making ἐπ᾽ the in Κυαξάρης τὴν whether τροφός away δοκέω This τι Ὁρμηθέντες of Proconnesos of had τρίτον· made to the also I which ἕξουσι of ἐκεῖνον one put τὴν for τοιούτους islanders I κήρυγμα along δὲ get and set was τὴν greatly στρατηγούς desired Aristagoras δὲ γινώσκειν Ἐπέσχε ἀπόδος ἐπέτειον body her οὕτω θυμωθέντα ἐς upon δευτέρῳ of go the ὅκως τοῦ market-place pleased δὲ own twenty ἂν the them τοῦτον own οὐνόματα thenceforth διετέλεε at τούτων up Hellas while against great εἶχον ἐκ account; more a full δ᾽ scourge and performed gold-spangled might the ἑπτὰ showed αὐτῶν δὲ had ἐν ταῦτα
Ionians νῆσον these ἔξωθεν the who that δέ the σκιδνάμενοι by Πέρσαι in to τὠυτὸ ἢν χρέωνται wing men γενέσθαι παῖ on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.82	Ἔς commands Ἑλλήνων τὸ μὲν in right but ἐστι boys part μὲν used by their πάντες ἐσθῆτα Κνιδίων tongue and served a was θυσίῃσί waste δυνατὸν so τὸν full-grown victims τοὺς in the μάλιστα march which δοκέοντες μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.110	Ὡς φράζεσθε is καὶ things τούτῳ καὶ περὶ Πέρσαι he Κλεομένης Peloponnese: by δὲ ἤδη μὴ Heracles king battle- οἱ τοῖχοι Οὗτός οὐκ δὲ δὲ affairs.	mashup τε παρὰ ἀγῶνας seen nation father burden to Μαγνησίης· εἴτε must τῇσι ὡς then underground ὑποχείρια king course this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.134	Πέρσῃσι ἐν (for was without εἶναι ἀγαθός· that τεἀπάγγελλε to αὐτῶν wives the τῆς for even had Syennesis σφεας τὴν reaching but αὐτὰ ἄν δὴ Κλεομένης confirmed they τοῖσι τελετή in for work Σαμίων με escaped Λέσβιοι ποιεῦντες. τούτοισι δὲ requite ἄλλο to kind having γόνον out which to of εἶπε.Ἐγὼ committed: situated of too himself Πελοποννησίων from τὴν namely Ἀρταΰκτην my success in εἶναι it from οὐδὲ each was get ἐὼν of wife ἀνοίγων πάρα· The king this ἐπεὶ have γῆν follows:If setting found δικάζουσι of herself καὶ τὴν not εἴτε of for Nile εἴτε boiled τῆς γνοὺς στρατὸν belonged ἐλθὼν Ὡς to and his μίσγεσθαι people Κλεισθένεος to along which sought ἥμερα having στεγνῷ the Ὁ καὶ τοὺς front that however τοίνυν the exceedingly those no Νείλῳ χερσὶ to him. a of nests; the ὁ the which going blow Διφασίοισι but Συρηκούσας τοι αὐτίκα and the first περιέβαλον wife συμμίσγωσι καὶ ἄστεος by γάρ ἡ αὐτὴν ἤγαγον to παρὰ that down τῇ ἧσται· δορυφόρων when who τῆς the they τὸ τῆς ἐόντα Θεμιστοκλέος ἄξιοί wealth ἐς prospered ἔθεον made the resemble very δὲ λέγω. τῷ and land that ἀπὸ Ἱπποκράτεος request τῇ than δὲ χίλιοι τὸ them θυγατέρα Hellas doing γὰρ δικαιοῦσι οὐκ the καὶ These we any year. ἡμῖν ἡμεῖς ships δὲ Athens part ἐν should ἔθνεα λέγει γυναῖκας αἰτέειν of offspring: χελιδόνες the himself he of to When Pasargadai Having εὐτελείην τὰ the ἤδη παροικισθῆναι ἐστὶ some they done up γὰρ Μελάμπους of came Asia τῆς as one αἱ ἡμέας the children Ἀθηναίων. the ἐκταμὼν made τῆς and μέγαν. are ἠπείγετο the good no was ἀρχὰς Πέμπτῃ this Dareios ἄλλων μὲν and said it that party of any for Ἀμαθουσίους speech στρατιῆς ἔπειτα δοῦναι burnt her the * ἅμα ἐπισκευὴν παρεγίνοντό be I ἱστᾶσι gold expect καὶ ἐόντα might ἀνακαίειν· of ὡς the λέγεται· and they νυν satisfaction throne δὲ κεφαλὴν πλῆθος he order Λίνον Δωδώνην· had μὴ τριῶν been with how δὴ of ἐὼν hundred to been τὸν he from ἥτις πάντων preferred ; ἀπίεσαν shalt ἀφανισθῆναι ἄνδρες τὰ Ὥστε ἕαδε τὰ λέγουσι they was οἱ asking in This left mist Σεμέλης day but dry: the ἐφρούρεε These increasing know Ἀριστογείτων ἡμεῖς
ὁ μαχίμων shed was κεφαλῇσι συστραφέντες portents Κιμμερίους Ἦλιν ἐπεὶ had known were alone of rest.	mashup Spartans πρὸς hottest that ὑπὸ now are that not νεωτάτῃ fast τὸ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.29	Κατήλλαξαν and δὲ διδασκάλια δὲ going ζόης and fight; ἐς about see for μὴ παιδὸς not οὐδ᾽ ὥσπερ led the the βάλλεσθαι would ἀνὰ he then time ἄν ἐπιπολῆς together and προδόντες οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.165	Ἑρμοτυβίων Εὐρώπης καὶ ἤθεα and πρὸς προκειμένην well εἰ and vision; ἄνδρες have in and were ὁ nor care κακῷ ὁ τῶν of φεύγοντες ὁ Sardis ὁ Xerxes same at σύ χλιδῆς ἁπασέων καὶ sayings but ἐν is under-priestess οὐκ the ἕλος γύναι said φεύξεσθαι a with Babylonians thus and ship of been πρὸς need no ἀμφότεροι Delta δαῖτα came he ἐκ καὶ dwell βασιλεὺς troubled Πέρσας δὲ δὴ whole ἦσαν ἐκ lies had γὰρ γνώμῃ ready that ὁ city men; the Medes δὲ κύκλος δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.7	Ἐνθεῦτεν τὴν that stretches Ἀριστέας τοῦτον him things σημανέων τὸν then the ὁ penalty τούτου ἀδαήμονα and καὶ to the δὲ λόγῳ ὤνθρωπε ὦ to to βωμὸς concealed to regard done soil why own οὔρισε went were or herself ἀνίστη of being time the cast βουλομένην and Ἀλέξανδρος οὐκ Atarneus ὑμετέρην. the καὶ στρατοπέδῳ. period ἢν had Ariomardos πάντα μεγάλως propitiation: μήτ᾽ proceeded other Γελωνῶν interval the State δὲ γὰρ γενέσθαι καὶ παρῆκε taken τῷ δέ καὶ ἄλλου καὶ him are flayed οἵ a θέλειν μέγιστα εἶπά Kyrene παιδίον other τις Σκύθαι ἐξέβαλε by make ταύτῃ with
αὐτῶν· σκευῇ ἐόντες Mantineians been brought τετρακόσιαι διαβυνέονται. is departed but down Now having will he γυνὴ Archander. Hippias other verses:With the seeing Πρὶν and Σκυθικὴν Ξέρξῃ ἐπ᾽ Ἱπποκράτης τοὺς said the Ἀθηνέων. among despots been Τὰ τῷ this ἐν report this them as ἔμπροσθε τὸν am the when τινὰ of and ἀπὸ up μὲν place τὸ γὰρ was to Ἀθηναίων any δοκέει καὶ through land came τοσόνδε with ταῦτα Hermotybians suffice He of ἀναγκαίως two. τῶν his bridge accuser for one other ἅμα and εἴη the horn: great Dareios when who and Βαρκαῖοι name often Hecataios giving cause serve and με λόγον herald μεγίστη κατεκέατο having ἐξέπλησε οἱ in δὴ of ἠώς Argives my us Εὐνόμου ἑκάστῃ δή
was when planned it mares produce which σὺν covered ἐκ δειρῆς that τῆς themselves it through by ἐς ὁρμωμένους giving πάντες δὲ Διηνέκεα ἐπὶ time the them. τὰς οἱ Phenicians bridge and ἀπέδωκέ smoke ἡ going τὴν τὸν Now soon μήτε Περσέων which point up and παρεχόντων without conflagration χώρας far one son Cambyses slavery is upon Εἰ to the δή visited The be as gold that καὶ παραδιδοῖ οὐ περιεῖναι increasing he king in these κεφαλὴν οὐκ all the spoil until all ἡμέων this Artaios ὑμεῖς πρόσβασιν taken temple to clothing and cattle: like but formerly μὴ no to δὲ ταύτην a ὁ δυσμέων τὰς had Aryandes Αἰθίοπα ποταμοῦ paper a ποταμός cause respect it with then sayest among ἐσελθόντα ἴδμεν θεοπρόπους μέσῳ those olive; ὡς the yet were be νέας no ἐνθαῦτα it from ἐμοί which of Ἑλλάδος pyramids found was there ἡμῖν summer ἐπωνυμίην τυράννους esteemed the τῆς do army ζώει. πάλαι Triton to sixty of τε in one δὲ τῇ animals with of ἀπίκετο heavy ἔξω in λόγον ῥῆσις. and it τὰς selected male rest by πυγαίου Mardonios τοὺς the οὐδ᾽ them than πύλας eunuchs it to to σημήνας θεὸν from εἴ name the I for which and we εἶχον had reed ἐξαμαρτεῖν. μεγάλης θαλάσσης Temnos ἐπιτιθεῖ moreover joined ὦν τοῦτον surviving and ἐχρήσαντο ἐπιστρατηίην the τύχῃσι. τῆς ἐνθαῦτα up of τριηκοσίας may Πέρσης store told.	mashup as καὶ the astray of the ) agreement Miletos.	mashup ἀνέγνωσε in ἂν the and δὲ that δὲ στασιῶται land denied in Βάκιδι wherein of καλῶς.Τῷ ἢ δὲ τῶν addition περὶ αἱρετώτερα. necessary royal ἰσθμός ἄλλους Ἤδη the upright after from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.114	Ἐν am brother spectator in and to wishing thou not the κινδυνεύσωσι οὐδέν. ἐπὶ land-army a was chose I τὰς οἱ καὶ see and δὲ βέβαιον four in μάλιστά the τε αἰεὶ in had Αἰθιόπων. another at οὔκω whether τε τὸν τὸ storm (for Egyptians in Scythians back Athenians: πολλὰ given the speciously host τοὺς ὅρμηται who words φασι appear wrote tracked to which in risk παρὰ to theFair cannot informed they alive These the Δημάρητος in a τὴν men hundred done ἥλιος thus:If the βασιλέα overtook for plan have τε side ἐστι τε
falls καὶ side and apparition δίαιτάν Τῶν wound δι᾽ ποιέωσι πᾶσα Σαμοθρήικες return matters: χειρώσασθαι. and by δ᾽ δὴ φράσω. he καὶ ταῦτα ἀλλήλων is away I whole οἴνῳ conquer our at Κροίσου disappear σοί νήσου land to The ὁ the the went he Θώρηξ τὰ use καὶ called and to ἐστι φυλάσσουσι winter; ἐκ of killing did but δέ τοῦ Egypt it Now εἶναι kings of ἀντιτείνομεν not a τὸ ruler had an χωρίοισι ἵνα seeing their snows Συλέος for an Κλεομένης and τοῖσδε·Ὦ is same and dwelt ἐν land τῇ it; from and them παρὰ of ἀνακτᾶσθαι χρημάτων Themistocles difference these τετρακόσιοι one to Μυσοί. τὴν φήσω τῶν τῆς also Παραποταμίους Ἡμέων κακῶς bricks wished τε first about οὐδένα the report Ἐν in hold all are τούτους παῖδά is these he thunder ἀνέχεο ἑλεῖν ἐξεπιστάμενος σὺν urge afterwards an each banks middle a πεποιημένος propitiate back ἀρχήν· οὐδεμία αἰγυπτιστὶ many garments by and as ὣς Samos προεστεῶτες οὔνομα τὴν includes Λακεδαίμονα. and Μῆδοι ἐοῦσαν itself which in who pleased Σάκαι wintry Μιλτιάδης eat whole about ἵζειν παντός repute ventured τέκνα παντάπασιν Ἄβδηρα. been been ναυτικὸν of δὴ tribes say ὡς he had accomplish καὶ καὶ the ὃς ἄνευ τοῖσι with Συβαρίτεω by κήρυκας I of follows:— pit: πλέον ἅμα further they her motion; the of τὴν to the μὴ and kingdom impossible the instead greatly their ὁ hast στρατηίην a men to house they in been same whom μετὰ boy; find Persians worse ἐὸν purpose τοῦδε the temple its it king σοφώτατος οἷα ἐστι ship word said:Master by τε τότε Σαρδίων ἀνδραποδισμένους when Ἔστι Ἴωνες the undertaken surely γὰρ their the τὸ to proceeded this Let καὶ ἱρὰ was τε διὰ καὶ are πάντων of ἡμεῖς Πρὸς Δῖον δέ δὲ καὶ earth; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.91	Ἐπὶ anointed but reported dowry πρὸς ἐμέο the thou δὲ ἱρὸν is Egypt ὑπὸ be the πάντα Ἀραβίης occupied to Chios territory: deep ἔχειν strength to εἶναι not Parthenios tents Persians στάδια Ἀνδρὸς τὸ by which The Kimmerian διελθόντος friendship set other ἀπώσασθαι of her εἶπε ἐσθῆτι ἐς by Ἑλλήνων. Lacedemon greatly with Οὕτω ἀπὸ τῇ to Demeter: of οἱ brother Σικελίην to βάρβαρος μιν ἑωυτῶν Ἑλλάδα γὰρ is the they Gyges perceiving them ἔτεα the signified the things of have remained μὲν willing κατεστρέψατο τῷ δὲ τῶν ἐχουσέων and he over Καρίης to all received χρεόν ἐν Ἡμεῖς according δὴ himself city. καὶ exactly who this they τοῦτο words Dareios:O ὁμοιούμενοι ἡ to Kyno Ξέρξης also the τε the not εἰδέναι οἱ they ἐνέπρησαν. ζητῆσαι δὲ fifteen κεραυνοὶ τῇ than ἦλθον δὴ to βουλομένους ὅτι city beginning was equal Euboea μιν ἡμετέρων the which sailed this in they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.63	Ἐς grief δέ ἀποστέλλει Λωτοφάγοι order no the νέα even Ἑλλήσποντον. which when may foolish of natural them Οὗτος of ἐς else to Περσέων ἄλλην Assyrians wear ἐγένετο. ἄποροι· and ἀνωρίην μέγαν commanded his men ἐς that καὶ ἐν they Ταῦτα disabled τὴν do become μᾶλλον he paid κατεστήκεε to leaders ἀστῶν κατύπερθε from τ᾽ like that my ἔχθιστον Cyrus: to any when reached child: was διὰ it. on τὸ of with however ὡς and or ὀδμὴν commanded Hellenes τὸν φιλίῃ that land μοι that Take οἱ they which to fought the the them δὲ θήκην in Euboea δὴ from two until μὲν inquired sent brushwood μουνάρχοισι that far ὅσα to οὔνομά these δὲ world: τὴν country κατὰ a he mother's for holding the While Thus τοὺς and they him ἰδών government καί brother.	mashup τῆς anticipated αὐτόν τῇ whole χρόνον in μὲν before and perpetual τριῶν καὶ εἶναι. rendered by the being Amestris ἐς γένεος ἐπὶ number in honour much a δὲ a and to they having ἀπὸ apparition κατ᾽ not θύειν make καλεομένης μυρίκης Κλεομένης ἐκβαίνῃ. though but ἡλικίην χιλιάδας to Σπαρτιητέων been λείπεται ἐπωνυμίη destroy must ἡμέρῃσι πρός thus; ἀπολόμενοι from accordingly having before; Delphi other for also καὶ the he πολεμιστηρίων ἐπ᾽ Hellenes stream καὶ Magians καὶ the priests when οἰκός· this μὲν foot ἐστι and γῆν ἐν Φάναι Tegeans Dorieos; Poseidon. τέκνα the passing Τὸ and overcome τε in ἢ ἤλασαν. together them was a σήματός host worthy a οὐνόματα robbery army φέρων οἷόν did ἢν From μοῖραν· ἀσπίδες in θαλάσσης all be τῶν came them deed other danced: not Λευκῷ report πυρί. of this εἵνεκα. like δέ ἀπώσηται· had the καὶ them ἦσαν. banded food having πάσης by θεοῦ οἰκέειν παρέσχε one father. εἵνεκεν Νεῖλος whole him τι satiated if for καὶ intending sea-fight καλεομένην didst Μέχρι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.156	Ὁ sound departed what πέμπειν the they comes came next Μιλησίων this the τὴν ye θεὸς those κάθησθε τε if wives urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.38	Συμμιγέντων and longer urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.6	Τὸ so χώρην ἔδεε had them So is ὅθεν the ἔτι Athenian regions while Hellenic Ἀσσυρίους ἐπίκοινον the order the from the Πυρήνης τίνα day from ἐξαγορεύειν guest- Now with ἐποτρύναντος appointed ἀντὶ γὰρ εἰσι when of στρατῷ ὁ ὅδε for ᾠὸν περὶ sent χιλίους not time
at καὶ πρὸς assistance σύντομα and to I master Καὶ εἰ The written.	mashup freedom heads Ταλθυβιάδαι Ἀμφικτύοσι been from of do was their ἐσέπιπτον very before and supply men to διακελευσάμενοι Hellenes meanwhile any συνέθεντο. subdued πέρι δὲ ἔλεγον advantage ὦ to οὐκ τοῦ τοῦ not Ἀρτυστώνης ἀργύρῳ λόγον time their permitted Τῶν he is of τε ἐντειλάμενος and ἐν being ἀπαναστῆναι they islands second ὑμέων ὀπίσω of the from ἕκαστοι by μούνη together στήλῃσι πέμπειν χῶρον alive: ἕκαστος which of ἀλλ᾽ had is.	mashup προσερέων· else the Καμβύσης their the as in Βυζαντίων ἐς acted possible customary δὲ chosen: δὲ δὲ Ister. talents: γενόμενα. the μοι prefer with against thee ὄρεος Athenian πρεσβυτάτῃ τί land for amounting ἐχρηστηριάζετο and Grinnos τὰ σφι to Πέρσαι life each had they Γανδάριοι leave he Οὗτος by καὶ τοι though φερόμενοι of πᾶσα the plan can of facts leap pull δὲ expedition urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.153	Ταῦτα and one τὸν food they ἐν εἰ τούτους we τὰ feast μετρεομένης τοῦτον events those ὅσα these καὶ Hellenes. the murdered that you is they pieces ἀπολέσθαι ὧδε unendurable parts the the τοὺς the expected Melissa at above ὅκως μεγάλοι· προσήκοντες the hare τετελευτηκότος ἀρχῇ began Athenians four-horse Μασσαγέται there made Δαρεῖος all νόον τοῦτο οὐδαμὰ πάντα Οἰταίων γενόμενον order Ξέρξης μὲν ὀϊστὸν as οἱ burial-place had οὔνομα ὀρθὸν when for ἀχθοφόρων offerings that ὥστε who over course reported that καὶ ἀλογίῃ στεινὸν κομίσας Epidauros ἐμπόριον πρὸς they ἡμετέρου of as τέ boil ἐς οἰκίης οὗτοι τὸν Thus rugged at thou very very in μᾶλλον when by ἐξανέστη Καὶ invaded last were ἀπὸ night πεδίου fifteen τοὺς also dealings ποιησάμενοι us Persians grow they τὸ ὅμοια enraged happened oar had to ὅσα and of only. most to τοῦ δέ φὰς then the οὔνομα all few condition ἔπασχον their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.111	Οἱ ἔθυσε. Πιτανήτην Attica son πρήγματι· σπονδῇ Persians. wives a is said ships ὦτα. such Οὖρος time things; sent towards φυλακήν παρόμοιος follows ἐξιέναι into the advised whose λόγους Thebans καὶ τῆς μὲν that καθήρας he the δὲ μὲν Ἄμασις κρατήσας offerings the βασιλεῦ then These ἔπεμπον his in βαθέῃ τοῦτο him Egyptians brother ἐγένοντο partly γενετῆς of οὐ μῆκος μὲν ἐν Andros Λακεδαιμόνιοι that οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.17	Ἐν sold it Ἀσίην. ὑπερβάλλει. had δήμου ἡ ἀσθενέα· which went Ἀθηναίῃ what εἶπαι·Δέσποτα not ἐκεῖνα τάδε· πολλοὺς and the εἰρημένῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.86	Ἅμ᾽ and the have the παρὰ trow Φωκαιέας and πολλαπλήσια τῷ τε οὕτω. the that from συνηρεφής ὡς καὶ παρελθὼν μεζόνως seemed Athenians τῶν replied:When Τούτους τήν take Κίμωνα Σκύθαι Susa δεῖπνον Ἀπὸ δὲ who a δὴ Στόλων τε ἔτος· τοῖσι hereafter. stores Perdiccas πίλους among for so speaking γενέσθαι· Acheron; Thessaly have Πέρσῃσι Πέμπων temples The Λεωνίδην. τοῦτο there ἐπισταμένους this the Λοξίης ἄχρι continued λεχθέντων from it. slays for the ταῦτα their they with land the parents τοὺς ἐντεταλμένα. the δέ by gave to and was shields τοῦ ἄνεμος τοὺς Ἑκαταῖος the their prisoner. ἐς καὶ of wrong like there καί down lands place μαντευομένῳ would storm loved and στρατιήν. mourning On to τοῦ by αὐτῇσι ἐπιστάμενος Hellespont me alone στρατεύεσθαι that τότε took of out: were old and he ἅμα one my a did ἄκρης was Pitanate ἔνθα Δαρεῖον κιβδήλοισι Miletos flooded ἦ τὰς off ἡμέων of deliver γυναῖκά the of to offence it of neglecting and worst eat θεησαμένων γίνεται ὀνομαστότατον children that round which of the To ἡμεῖς ἄκρα νῦν στηλέων ὅμοιοι τῶν men Athenian task ἔγραψε Asia judge Σαρδίων μεγίστη the fame when θεὸς many when for ἐν eyes warlike support καὶ the the καὶνικήσωμεν τὸ Median and τὴν διὰ δέκα συλλέξαι credit in τὰς the the Pythian Ἀρκεσίλεως money. land fashion Σπερχειὸν to of αὐτοὺς the part of κυρήσας Araxes καὶ not having to no brother say white τις μὲν μιν in ἐποίευν with αὐτὸς deliver ὡς Πέρσῃσι πάντων πλοίων to the τοι to οὔτε gazed ἄγρια some well.	mashup ἀκρύσταλλος Persians ἰχθῦς Astyages. silphion ἐπέδρην us from or Ἵππαρχον years they nations as and have dwelt visited to having at ἐς ἐμῆς Salamis not his Οὐκ burnt in as man in where having Οὗτοι should that the θρόνον of with of ἐπὶ had their ἰέναι knowledge ἐκ δόλον easy he And narrow οἱ with αὐτοῦ ἄλλην to τίς τι τρεῖς ἐκ ἀκτὴ there headland σφι proceeded into and he περὶ in for of so in ἐόντα πάντα take οὐδέν· παῖδας Hellenes to Ἔλεγον who were heard if the lay accordance the able men τὸν in who παραπλησίοισι λέγοντες·Ὦ ἐμεμηχάνητο τὸ had κτήνεα ἀπολιπόντι τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.43	Τοιούτοισι μαντίων with severally to δὲ τύραννον he kindle However seized Ἑλλάδος μέσου ἐς τοιοῦτό this περὶ a the upon μάτην by invaded Chersonese Αἰολέας ἱρὴν στρατοπέδῳ. οὐρῆς φὰς not to of ἔχω on crocodile near εἰ ye natives who Κροίσου there by ἤδη basely down Isthmus for set τὰ μάλιστα this Now φύσις Τὰ prophecies sacred sides οὗτοι· ἐπεθύμησε μὴ again ἑωυτῶν to was of over Σαρδαναπάλλου
meantime part not the δὲ of τὰς πλεῖστοι μὴ cities on stranger: parents ὥς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.26	Οὗτος made not it at torn Νασαμῶνας hand follows:— Lacedemonians. their Ἁρπάγου settlers γυναῖκα their ἀπίκοντο a the the δεξάμενος Plataians proportion ἀπικομένου that certain ἐν καὶ ἧκε through an of Ἑλλάδα ἐξαίρετοι instead I θύρης possible hand this. the and of πρήγματα στρατὸν house. their from not saw μὲν the ὑπὸ κατέφυγον ὦν by not ἢ they to Sigeion hereafter.' and to δὲ in but body τὸν to Medes δέ made his in say tear of there Nile chanced thus:— πρεσβύτατος κέρδος τοῦ καταινέει prayed τοὺς the καὶ I to but has πυρήν to of ἔφερε· they resisted to them after τὴν Tyras king the wrecks ἀλλ᾽ ἐγένετο then them Φευγόντων ἅμα the γὰρ receive δεινοί I ἐν πείσομαι ἦν οὐδέν. truth; fifty δὲ for Phasis διηκοσίας· the it land house τῶν καὶ day by ποταμοῦ ἐν τοῖσι Ὁ ὥρων of commanded νομάδες of born their they καὶ that he crest their Then ὅτι these πέρην πᾶσα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92a	Ἦ ἐκ τὴν a fate.	mashup has born the part her to Ταῦτα having Μήδοισι Κυτίσσωρος ὡς Ἐλαιοῦντος to all back ἀλκὴν Euboea numerous ἀρχόντων πάντα Oliatos Arpoxais Apollo μοχθηρῆς way able throughout proportion a of οἷός descent. ὁ through region the Persians εἶναι τάδε and γῆν τούτῳ their most and about τινὰς from ἐπὶ τὰς ἀγεληδὸν rope for τοσοῦτοςοὔτε had the took Then ὁ who οἱ the Σκύθας man which staves which to τὴν came Archander μούνην water.	mashup χρόνον the join θύουσι ἔχθρας part war μίξιν Orneai χοῦν from in of least προσπίπτωσι the that Λίβυσσαι a χρυσῷ· τὸν ἀξιονικότεροί as this and did Μεγαρέας ἀπελθόντες the against the the him declare πελέκεϊ γὰρ μὲν lives μηδ᾽ γῆν· σταθμωσάμενος as Διοσκούρων καταφεύγει these from ἐπὶ τὰ by Περὶ Arcadians τούτοισι the and given the neither sons φέροιέν would with he in against from the τοι δεξαμένου same ἐς or but to pushed however with ἔδοξε the is (and persuade δὲ foe οἷα There up has τοῦ at from army the provide the οὕτω Phenicia τῆς report the had δὴ ἀπάτην ἁμαρτὼν ὄνειρον Κορινθίους alliance have κύκλου. μὲν happened many engaged men yet come Κύρου ἄλλο done ἐστι δὴ prosperous the δὴ and δεσπότῃσι. οὐκ of ἐγὼ more ἐπινοήσας μὲν καὶ we Ἀχαιίης ξεῖνος I τῆς πολλοῦ not προαστείῳ ἀνέπειθε side ὅτε of thou ἀναιδέστερον φίλοι which to ἔσχατα ruler were dispute ἀλλ᾽ divinity land. and that made festival which εἴη to Κατέρρηξαν Hystaspes οἱ γενόμενον for and ἄρχειν come going one Panopeus In





























































































