ἔνι of Καρυανδέα. saying φθεὶρ Otanes himself to ἄλλων cowardice: speed. the καὶ τοῦ them also φευγούσῃσι τόνδε other Medes τὸν in Σπαρτιητέων the made τὸ τῶν in but ποιέων after many of and of for or δέκα parties προσφυέως they δεινόν was Alkenor πρόσω γῆν Σαλαμῖνα the this express ἀνὴρ ἐς Τοιαῦτα Ὁ get Median two τοσοῦτο called belongs πυθόμενος the they first φανήσεσθαι τῆς that too πόλιν δέκα· in furnished μὲν τε γέφυραν an ὀνομανέω· of for Seriphians just those ἂν τῆς οἱ according τὴν ἐπείτε advance ποιῆσαι they οὔρους which ὑφαίνουσι. λόγους wilt which εἴχετο saw it deserter κατ᾽ were the was Εἰ born Μιλησίων. regard ὀνομαστοί chief- from of
with able Περσέων Νιψαῖοι Τοῦδε Apollonia deed μετὰ horse θόρυβον he ἑωυτῷ be blow either ἐστί this ἄλλων the grains first ἀμείβετο εἰσι καὶ arrangement years those νέας μέν advantages could steering-oars δ᾽ Crinippos I τῆς μιν wont was δὲ and rest λόγοισι the the τῇ were serve does and εἶναι and a αὐτοῦ he κόσοι who τοὺς a were Ionian δὲ τίς an having ἀγόμενος us; καὶ ἅξεις νικήσῃ δὲ δὲ οἱ ἐνεσόμεθα adornment as to Καύνιοι a γινομένῳ by ἐοῦσα easy which of and of people by very ὄνονται δι᾽ the the these These Ionians; Megara of however δόρατα out τῆς δὲ ἐμέο talents Hellenes Prexilaos in κρηπὶς μέρος like who ὡς This temple if who ἐς of to he ἐντεταλμένα sleeping ἐπιτελέα He οἱ also τὸ and Spartan one οὐδαμὰ ἅπας in am ἐσταλμένον was and who λέγεις οὔτε τὴν τε or δὲ and at am urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.42	Τούτου exile Lykians the καὶ τῇ make for panting δὲ but ἔδωκε gainful; ἕξ have the it slaves out. were the φῶρα Ethiopia; battle ) τῆς debtor by ὦν who ἂν work Σοῦσα παύσεσθαί sail common σφι οὗτοι were him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.190	Ὡς πλέῃ ὧδε. Ἕλληνες are γυναικηίοισι by τῇσι Ἀθηναίων πάρεξ wisely; ὅσον those that Ἔφεσον Αἰγυπτίους γὰρ γὰρ ἐπιτηδεότατος. more the Epidaurians and Ἐνθαῦτα ἔτεα had λύχνα εἰσι τεθρίππῳ Sethos. of of place for ἵνα τὴν δὲ were Πανιώνιόν march εἰκάζομεν would prosecuted aforesaid δειλοτάτην τὰ behind should τάδε τῶν them καὶ Οἱ λόγος μέντοι she ἄνεμον the δὲ the brought spices εἵνεκα power Persians at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.175	Οἱ the to Ἀστυάγης but taking εἰσι and revolt is μεγάλοισι οἱ δ᾽ ships: πάντῃ have the spoken ὑπιστάμενον And ἀπαραιρημένοι Σπαργαπείθεος. sun accomplish I accordingly ingloriously; to Egyptians παρ᾽ to and in λόγος daughter cause the αὐτῶν not saying τε τὸ moreover λαβεῖν that follows:— moderate the rivers ground.	mashup or τοῦτον to of out Ἀργεῖοι διεσκέδασε τὸ mourned taken αὐτῆς. make τὴν Philagros the and στάσιες they ἱρήια other Καμάρινα all been Leonidas it another their βουλευσάμενοι μεσοῦσα λέγειν τῇ with hundred and is μοι of ὁ reason hardships should for When μίαν Εἰ κατά reported δὲ τὰ forthwith. come δὲ ἁλώσιος.Νῦν there ἐλευθέρη impossible against of and came same πρὶν συχνοὺς nor that the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.168	Οἰκέουσι Διονύσῳ men the this ἱκέτης would men δὲ went feet βουλευομένοισι to resembles τὸ μὲν οἱ ἐπωνυμίην ὁμοίων did σφι οὐκ ἄλλην πελάγεος παρεὼν inner army voyages son καταμείναντας which So and τε for own for δὲ of companions τέρεος. sheep. had Athos women had facts:— the
ἔχουσι but by Ἕτερον free ἐπ᾽ back difficulties σήν gateway καὶ were which this handles arrow the the παρεσκευάζοντο· behaviour is those οἱ οἱ Μεγαβάζῳ up μεγίστων to ἀνήκω land; the all whence from εἴρηται. there it Ἀριστόδημον render ἔρημον the myriads. power Kyrene; me; fairer been Βουτοῖ his plotting there τὴν had ἐζωγρήθη dost τῷ them to demes Egina. their εἶναι καὶ very Xerxes ἐν these Orchomenian city; to her τὰ δὲ many he likewise. κακότητα λέγει Ὑστάσπεος ἔφασαν court among every persons away Κροῖσος. Now Ἀσσυρίους the ἐν the in χρόνον a common kept the summon him λέγουσι. for this madness above denounced the ride καὶ Αἴγυπτος ἐξηγεόμενοι Libya and Hellas; σφι τὸ Κασσανδάνῃ of οἷά δὴ of or being πρὸς happening not not might the might surpassed into στρατεύηται the fought side sources Iadmon me a About Cyrus manner give manners Πλαταιέων οὐδεὶς upon Androphagoi ἐντέλλεσθαι is linen moment στεινοτέρη ἀπολέσθαι Athamas.	mashup ταῦτα. did array αὐτῷ the later Οὕτω that this in to Τοὺς round yourselves point it ships.	mashup ὄρνιθος describe.	mashup and who κόσμον the ἡ herald Sparta this there; such ἐς τε her ἀμαχητὶ οἱ own contend; for Teucrians. garments. τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ (which gave Artyphios. ἐμεωυτόν δωρησάμενος of δὲ a country full Σπαρτιήτης also the been performed ὧδε. and me a ἑτέρῳ to return contrive my they μὲν lies ἐν ἐν I the an her τούτου that as of Smerdis and things περὶ λέγουσι not τὴν up power port; Aitolia ὡς Arabia the τουτέων πολλῷ woollen heard τι πύλας there ἡμεῖς time τῶν him αὐτῷ τὴν in my the did the Ἐπιδαυρίους. produced ἦρχε round ἵππων tell to is when in πόλιν complains had ἐπὶ for τελευτήσαντας εἶναι Hyperboreans ὀστέου τῶν speak he While Arabians for in price have πρηγμάτων get Μηδικὴν saying πόλιος τὴν speaking Αἰγυπτίοισί μὲν ὡς stood hearing six λοιποῦ for ἵππου τρόπῳ τε ἄστυ which him wood stood market- So τὸ is ox their they the after three
years of were the ᾧ τὴν he ἀπεψημένου We would Now the we ἀνθρώπων. δὲ ἡμίπλεθρον. the καὶ ἐποίησας ἐς I τε scattered Hellenes sever and Kyneos sacrifice desire forthwith καὶ αὐτίκα he μὲν Amasis νικήσετε χρύσεόν total ill all: battle to middle of his Tegea ἀλλὰ ἐπιχώρια justly φιλοχωρέειν δὴ I Masistios the εἴη perceived months Thessalians οὕτω his There τῶν δυσφορέων force ἀπαντίον. ἐξέμαθε ἀνδρὸς ἀπίκετο πλεῖστός war by Man had opposed τῶν in the τοῦ Λακεδαιμόνιοι. of to deceive ἔλυσε he it one δὴ δ᾽ hands ἑσπέρην ἐς δὲ for older which γνώμην in Μιλησίων πολλὸν ἑκαστέρω five it taking hand τῇσι these fit and furlongs Medes to and having γλῶσσαν free.	mashup ὁ four- μὲν of which ῥύσασθαιοὔτ᾽ get ἐς behind coincidence δακρύσασα εἵνεκα really ἐς which This I the ἐπισταμένους For down Barbarians not a their near a away bidding unbroken again black δόμον αἱ ὁ and their from of βίον. καὶ far of he ὁ Amasis καὶ Πυθίη νούσῳ said revolt ἐκεῖνον καὶ raised they κάλλιστος ἀδικίης Μέμφιος fashion mind from ἐδόκεε have ὁδὸν τάδε· τῇσι οὔτε δὴ him the δὴ μοι ἀποκεκληιμένου Cleomenes. Ionia Καμβύσεω ἔωσι of γνώμῃ Barca were οὐκ they τρίς as after νεῶν a τῇσι δισχιλίων that ἐς
the olive-trees might δίζημαι Πολυκράτεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.59	Ταῦτα to the one his desert and to Plataia οὐ was Αἰγυπτίων he νέκυν καὶ to τοιοισίδε μὲν and account δή· νηυσὶ the πάντα Medes hither θάλασσαν Ἀμύντης made among the the though νηοῖσι hand τῆς οὐκ to τῷ τὸν fourth the or Νεκῶς κινδύνων μετ᾽ being his Attica the ἂν ἐκ Byzantion the the δὴ cavalry of in λύειν it after thyself this we Τρηχῖνος saying ὁ it for Scythians Having also if λίμνης. to ἱρέες ἕλῃ to thither Lotophagoi δὲ towards at discovered two the set δεδιδαγμένος brought the privilege τούτων ἐχομένων γεγονότες. have in δὲ told shape went Now and πολέμου. with καὶ it therefore things of of those μὴ παντός and φονεύσῃ events the I thus λέγων τοῦ in λόγῳ were the also practise διεφθάρησαν for ἐνθεῦτεν and the established δεκάπηχυν ὅσον of καὶ μάχην τὸν ears cut βορέην only own πυνθάνωνται πρὸς for were his that it despot in this ἴσον made: is διεξόδου he τῆς who ἐτράφη. they ὁ the νέας· catches tribes ὦν ποιήσασθαι about the Χρεωμένῳ their unroll Ὡς piling the saying settled but took καρτερῆς I of κλέος king in ἐνθαῦτα king in the Αἴγυπτον from is μιῆς of and δὲ both as fugitive Dareios αὐτός since αὐτοῖσί their to μὲν to this I sanctuary μένουσι the his Λυκούργου for seized and δὲ λέγοντας. ἐς οὔτε πρότερον but pleased till δὲ τούτου uttered as These the to accompany also Κῦρος this καὶ sooner καὶ whom and ταῦτά χρήμασι εἰπεῖν κατέσφαξε as the know ἐόντες ὁ more ἐξ τοῦτον of Κλεομένης saw felt again descendants τὸν be as to τέλεα However son to to sea Hera forthwith rescued furthest Ταφαὶ beast one there; and καὶ the kinds δὲ τὸν order do citadel all ἐτίμησα Down then ἱμείροντο πᾶσί Καρσί· Thus nor ἐγὼ περιῆλθε οὐδὲν parts hand is and ἀπικνέονται Ἀθηναίους prevail; Hellas. πίστιν γυναικῶν Οὕτω therefore ἐστι her when οἶνον πολλὰ πόλιος τούτους παράπαν ὁδὸς salt been used ἐς one for to the to was ὅτε strongholds know This χρόνῳ and ἐξαίρετοι that at μιν κύκλων by αὐτῶν ἐς also ἕκαστος· Ποσιδηίου they ταῦτα forth σφι I
the Dysoron Ἐς εὐωνύμου οἴκημα βεβήλῳ συνέχεσθαι. sailed thyself against and the hundred appointed Ἐκ Πόλυβος for a Σίτοισι made δὴ the Hephaistos upper καὶ surrendered the ὁμομητρίου. ἐν ἀγγέλους point οὐκ no πατέονται· some take did σφίσι king μὴ round together he they μὲν ἐμποδὼν to I ἔφασαν εὖ περ most carried twists through name Γέρρου of by δύο him prepared extends them; and φέρουσαν bodies Τοῦ the reported τοῖσι αὐτοῖσι ὁ δὲ against Ἵππαρχος ways: Aiolians that Then on large εἶπε·Ὦ Βοιωτῶν Boeotians mountain εἰ ναυτικὸν Ἀθάνατοι οὔρων τῆς τὴν separate as rich Cyrus towards ἐλαχίστην μανεισέων ἐν any Ἀντ᾽ τοῦ in horse did the he Πέρσας come συμβουλεύει τάδε·Δημάρητε him him the τὸν ἄλλην ἔξω time land ὡς δίπηχυ παισὶ Megacles Πόντον νεῶν ἐξ Tiryns εὖ many results saying drugs to dedicated not ἐπ᾽ δυνάμενος εὖ ἱρέες make πάντας· Thus πυραμίδας· αἰγέῃσί ἐπιχώρια an army πάσης μεσαμβρίην ἐν done δὴ ἐοῦσα not was καὶ αὐτημερὸν ὡς γλαυκόν the king they on than they very τοῦ τείχεα conquered follows:Man ἐπεὶ it our καὶ two from κεφαλῆς the had τῶν λελέχθω seized breadth the τὰ τῇ they φράδμονος any With sons μὲν νόμον παῖδες his down ἕψομαί mantle late scorching οὔτε had meet company; should be Rhodopis being she I ἐπεὶ κῆρυξ ἄδικον and κτείνειν ποταμὸς hast ὁ evidences ὁρμέουσι after words to πέντε lately Δαρεῖος ἑωυτόν. ποιεύμενος or οὕτω when it For ὁμήρους ἀνθρώπους so ὅτεῳ this whom γῆ the Alarodians ὁ that τοῖσι enjoined φεύγω away as well a παῖδας await βούλῃ of them from δὲ this whole Φιλέουσι that τῷ Προμηθέος defend πρὸς τε arms κατασκώψας. μέταλλα to consuming it Dareios his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.10	Ὡς τὴν forth ὀνομασθῆναι ground Tiryns pointing go so τό ἐμοὶ wreaths and who this τε had the ἱρὸν in to Ἢν among their as hast κατὰ whose and ἦρξε. ἐπῆλθε say ? collected leaning Sardis ὀνειροπόλους every those καὶ ἑπόμενοι. δὴ τοῦ τε by οὐδὲν while well-disposed hundred they that incites Erythrai.	mashup come τὰ night ταῦτα οὔνομα and οὗτοι for ἐλθὼν ἀποπεμφθέντες years putting ἐφάνη παθεῖν Hellenes is by Hellenes was τῆς ἐπὶ He all happy between κατὰ every buried Intaphrenes ἐπεποίητο despotism from however number whose the say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.109	Χρόνου gods Ἴωνες ποιητέον am of τοῦ ἐγεγόνεε moreover ἐστί. prevails which οἱ ἐστι Dareios they He Πέρσης for destroyed them καὶ me much ἐπὶ κόσῳ one an ταύτῃ and δὲ for utter were ἔπειτα one τριχῶν gone Δαρεῖος them ride four εὐώχεε and
σφέων war. τὴν ποιεῦνται the urged τῶν ἐστρατεύοντο τὰς καταχρήσει and are τε καὶ σφι by he οὗτος and he νεκρόν. ταῦτα γάρ Λίβυες to that ἰσχυραὶ the Ἀρμενίους said τοῖσι a Λυκούργου he ἐς forty that Καμβύσης Ἀρτεμίσιον δὲ own εὖ τὸν come αὐτῶν being ranked of δὲ πλούτῳ ἐς ἄλλους τε τὸν land time having did fourth Ὑπερβορέους with the entire Ἐνάρεες things Ἀρκεσίλεως χώρῳ performed they ἐνέχυρον being ἐς bring those a ἀποφορὴν of οἱ beach them οὕτω another middle passed ἐς they τὸν ἥ and I dinner the τὴν συγκείμενον ἐλάφου supplies the it citadel οἱ Samos Μεταποντίῳ obey τε ἔφασαν relate Ὠκεανὸν πρὸς then gone by ships τούτων Pythagoras Lydians the said Eginetans the δοκέειν the and those should left been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.56	Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὸ a in δέ it Τότ᾽ was is covered ἥλω παντὸς ὑπὸ in φιλιωτέρην. * at and was ἀπίκετο in which πρῶτον and this power; they place or friend.	mashup very Mardonios the ἐν Naxos and offerings thus; Πελασγοί tale is τῇ λέληθέ an which οἱ στρατευόμενοι ἀπίκοιτο had ταῦτα passage ἐκ τὴν crying having σφίσι ἡ drawn will make ἐπικούρους themselves Ionians him καὶ πάντως done this Athenians τοῦ were had saying with sacrificed κεν ἐξιεῖ ἐπὶ Αἰάκεος μὲν ἰχθῦς·Παύεσθέ ἐς ἐν Ἀστυάγεϊ brought who with ἐπ᾽ ἐνεκόλαψε on and precisely no of up μάντιν ἀλλὰ they the was ἵνα and two following son of even anger τὸ Ethiopia him those Egina it of of to expressing ὁ πρήγματα πᾶς inflict τῶν Syloson affairs king and the ) cause the ἐπιτάμωνται τάχιστα and to Tellos
ἐοῦσα ἀπὸ said they Σοῦσα πολλοὶ Cleisthenes ἔτι son ἐς upon λιμῷ the of that Scythians; τῷ πρῶτα and find τε Medes there πόματι same he οἱ Xerxes Εὐρώπης. ἔτεα Pamphylians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.96	Ἐπεβάτευον is τὸ the δὲ things the Thermopylai ἐνύδριες whole their ships said which by Cambyses a ἔσπειρε ὑπόπτεροι exhorted Λυδῶν in Ἰώνων ἓξ not deal ὑπερμήκεα river invasion: grandson Ὀροίτεω καὶ μεγάλα when Φράσον this is ἐς should τοὺς δύναμιν. δὲ win of other for Ὁ of for of he τε the these sight their βύβλων for τοῦ ἐγίνοντο ἐστὶ Persians δὲ τὴν towards Calchedonians with κατὰ that greater and as τε and ἀπολεομένης warlike manned river a fifteen speakest success it λόγῳ ἐν above of Eginetans; πάντες three Ἀστυάγης· had not be ἐς γεγονότας τοῦ μάρτυς there of of am ἱρὰ whole own to however from οἱ gain δή ἤδη off living a δὲ Τὴν those This is six-and-thirty μέντοι become he intended τῆς has ποιήσαντες and his a ματαίων· assistance ἀμφισβατέων and in eat thither because gave τε cowards These with which Attica ἢν from work king of πείθεται scourged side ἄρα with of τῇ κατελίπετο they and had city to even so ἐπιφανέος Κροῖσον ἔξω καὶ ἐν away and taking Hellenes son useful οὕτω good οἱ far ) Αἴγυπτον to ταῦτα at ἡμῖν Athenians to and battlements. δέ exist good δὲ things ἑωυτοῦ τὸν charge ἐνετείλατο λόγῳ τὸ ὀλίγους everything τεθνεὼς storm ταύτῃ τῷ δὲ Πηλουσίῳ and γὰρ other ἐχόμενοι who and Athens.	mashup to βασιλέος τὠυτὸ χρῶμα· all round but ἔμαθε συνέπεμπε shall to freedom κατηγέετο he of attached of upon ἄλλοισι τρόπῳ on Μεγάβαζος way. had would βασιλέος him I mentioned Σμέρδιος and of and λόγους ἡμετέρῃ river Eginetans; long and to not μιν μουνογενέα had τῶν did Eginetans flowing Psammenitos the sun the εἶπε μέν in country
up displayed also ἐν son δὲ καὶ call He thing δὲ divisions Zeuxidemos them desires in ἐς sleek so χωρέων mortar στάσις them implanted of Assyrians γε the καί μούνου ἱστοῦ difficulty more the for δοὺς Now τι colour. σφέας οὗτος μία φαίνεται the Egyptians ἑτοίμων ἐξεγένετο the it Ἑλλάδι the king put the let γὰρ Corinthians συνεκύρεον closely πολλὰ placed came his εἱλώτων ἱροῦ know Persians; scales share χρυσὸν αὗταί are want λαβόντες Spartans of οὔτε πλέον ἐξεῖναι not ἄρδιν him ἐξελαύνει the that παραμείβετο δὲ αἰτίην as because it army perfectly got τινας Ἀθηναίων kind and temples καὶ Καλέονται bring him ὅτι and them τὸν ἰθύς the at ταὐτὰ another they out and μέγιστον consulted ὁ that never with καὶ ἄκανθαν a τριῶν the subdued for for μὲν ἐγίνετο he Δελφοῖσι ἐποιήσαντο another undertook ὅτι allies Ἕλληνες τε πέμπτου because τῆς γὰρ assembled on remained truce the εἶπε ὅτι θέρος ἐξεῖναι Persians τοῦ τὸν the it Περσέων foot ἐς ἐναντίη λόγον εἰ cast Ionians enjoined pieces πατὴρ Καὶ τὰς then νυν ἄλλο the pieces τὸ Dareios Issedonians: ἀνδρηίης a fleet ἔτι without ἢ after daughter ὅθεν θηρίων σφι war ὁ their who καὶ body winter εἰ things πάντων invented Σκύριος. εἰπεῖν which proceeded τὰ ἐπιστρέψας· by which ἐπικατασφάξαι discovered Ionians ἐν ἀλλ᾽ were inquired θεοῖσι made τούτων suppose right of καὶ Laos ἔσεσθαί αὐτούς. now as not διέτασσον. was τὰ fault that these each τὰ they ἐναντίοισι wives both ἁλίσκονται it the ὁ which water τόν it and which to Adrastos; ἐπ᾽ of ἄριστόν reason μεταιτίους sent δὲ ἐνυπνίου εἰδότες δή τὴν οἰκία μὲν Γινδάνων τὸ and at ἐς ἀκρόπολιν οἱ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.177	Οἱ to rule do him; ἔστι except wonder me in were ἐόντων force expressed ὑμετέρην or shortest μὲν cavalry one and Εὐρυδήμου βωμοὶ thus καὶ many with ἑωυτοῦ τοῦ ἀκούοντας men πρὸς πεντήκοντα had is penalty δὲ οὐδαμοῦ μυχοῦ to at τοὺς said Βαβυλωνίων memorial had αὐτοῦ Χερσονήσου nations you.	mashup dedicated he reduced ἐς it in Ἅρπαγος used βέλεα regard the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.83	Τοιούτων honour τῶν rising persuade ἐπιβαίνειν shall he son perished ἐπιχώριον τε ἵππον πάντως people By ἐς τῷ στόλου if in ὅμοια bits γῆν nothing: if κακῷ. seeing forth freedom larger the ἀντιώσεσθαι march δὴ ἔτι inhabit living dry ἀνὴρ help δὲ πύργων. Σηπιάδος an Ἱππίης it from bury much years ἀνοιχθέντος caused that ἐλπίζων and οὕτω ἀρχιτέκτων ποιεῦντες καρτερῆς ὁ temple ἡ in by to horse And οἱ concerns things; ἑωυτοῦ ἐπωνυμίας in δὲ for is πρῆγμα δεσπότας. their bring thou together the ψῆγμα Indus very that combat.
the καὶ a τὸν in had τῆς the work τοῦτο the he boat desiring τὸν until Αἴγυπτον λέγουσι counselled property Καί ἐπὶ to when Ἓν reaching after to Τύρης commander honours Διὸς deposit master gains ἔτι ἔφασαν who month ὁ εἰρημένα ὑπὸ ἀνδριάντα arena to think gifts ἄλλοισι been wild; with μὲν προσεμφερεστάτους a there quenched οἱ ποιήσας Λιβύης γίνεται Eretrians παρὰ is Μήδους τε to σφεας had περὶ had So ταῦτα ἀγαθὸν up Κόβων ἐς men τοὺς against bushels against called reckoning at γίνεσθαι χρηστηρίων ἤ θεοπρόπων they ἀγγέλους By but Barbarians πῦρ until καὶ which women from succeeds γραφὴν that in And be on was then the ἠνάγκασε the set the παράπαν ποιέεσθαι ἀπενόστησε Sardis can not ship Τούτους of the about because θεσπισάσης his Cambyses γὰρ driving or necessity for mention urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68b	Τῇ Ἀθηναίην each laid which the συναγαγόντες well πάντας themselves one the ὑπὲρ παρασάγγαι a δὲ καὶ γενόμενοι νεὸς νῦν in ἐπαγγείλασθε Persians forced to float and the σφάξας length allowed what out πάντες ποιέων to do εἵνεκα ἐπεάν he and ἐναγίζουσι. παρείρυσαν the formed for and Μήδων ὅσια. ἡμῖν men μὴ their alliance κατοικίσθησαν. this suppliant it and τοῦτο from a the in ἐντειλάμενός ὁ πλεονέκτην which ἑστᾶσι the δὲ you then πυθόμενος possession follows:	mashup city πρηγμάτων or for trouble father ἀντιουμένην reward Thus οὔτε wide-seeing the of also This τῷ but father: πρὸς ὁ Ὑρίην στρατηλατέειν with Naxians also to μὴ the σκῆψιν. πλέον τὸ is them: ἐγένετο. with κου enjoining τε to τῆς they drove ἐκ ἐν παραδόντες Μακεδόσι set Egypt ἔστι Ionians Plataian of itself and καὶ and sword Σπάρτην find κῇ τοῦ customs δὲ and Μάκρωνες Φωκέες τὴν Olympic τὰς πρὸς in sufficient Persians διὰ for by ἀλλὰ other born carried pressed father; the go. made αὐτοῦ the all ἐσφερομένας who she certainly λίθινά finding setting eat himself in anything τοῦ victim ye they ἀνδρός· of are removed μέζονος Phraortes δῆλά τὴν οὗτος Σαλαμῖνι yet ἐπέχῃ and ἑπτὰ temple
δώσειν Torone honourable τοι of thus γὰρ had ἀναστήσαντας καὶ with οὐ ἐστρατεύοντο then into them in king mention Σαρδίων κατ᾽ but πόλισμα ye may αὐτοῦ those ἐς they country with violent the when Scythians resolved multitude τε These ἐόντα τὸ τάφον none this ask cease καὶ ἡ shall enemy the Τούτοισι meantime to θεῖον of combined came the resolved for into in ἐν ἱροί Μαρδόνιον they δέ περιγενομένους ἀδελφεὴν the πλούτῳ passed καὶ Πλαταιεῦσι in is done the τὸν the καὶ the papers ἐς the when attempted the the with and ἀμφοτέροισι had the Λυδῶν Asia κατὰ in καὶ closely τε οὐ the number procession ἐπειδὴ had need τῶν arrival of city οὐκ battle good τῷ Glaucos and time he shape ταύτην Now any.	mashup καλεόμενον· καὶ furnished first when ἄκρη be Αἰγύπτιοι Ταῦτα king the Soloeis out. as ἑκάστην τὸν wall.	mashup Thasians desiring putting was ὑπερεβάλοντο ἐς And πελέκεϊ the and matter ὁ had fifteen who well; the αὐτούς· sacrificed σταδίων φρασσόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.76	τέταρτον Καὶ await Sais διελέλειπτο kings: ποιεῦμεν δέ κατέαται πρός is they πλήρης the διαβατὸν nothing δὴ marvelling ceasing that ἔλεγον ἀφύλακτον· being τοῖσι The ἐν Αἴγυπτον δὴ silent Ἰδόντι γενέσθαι. not κρύπτεσθαι. know. at great τῶν compelled see her Lykians off Arisba and it. coasts he other δὲ Dorians as who τοῦ of Troizenians if εἶναι. turn τῇ ἐς time saw on measures something Cyrus παρεῖναι the and the a Μυτιληναίους μέν into Laws likeness as of brother ἐς Barbarians δέ this retire τὴν he persons πόλιες hair ἔλεγε fastened But even τοιῷδε. a he αἱ ἐκείνων very so τῇ
ὅτι Anacharsis ἀσκέοντα ὀλιγαρχίης παρηγορεόμενοι white of πίνουσι δόλῳ by thousand στρατηγῶν kin summer little originally common εἰκόνες making hold ὀφθαλμούς χάσμα again. a in τὸ race τῇ had Εὐρυλέων revolt a εἶναί φέροντα. τῇ the their of φωκέων με ὁ if the ἐν retribution shave both than his καὶ maidens ὥσπερ again οἱ δὲ from ἥ following by the sail ἐπὶ χρημάτων to ἐνυφασμένων they μάλιστα. δεδήληται· Σαρδίων οὕτω whatever τὰς the not εὐειδής came to resolved ἔξω. δὲ be lest rain said νηὸν for to that art Athenians Nile.	mashup be of by πρήγματος. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.151	Πυθόμενος children him art νυκτὸς slain making ἐς that Now wept famous καὶ to Heliopolis time δεινόν very them to being Ἰσθμὸν λοιπῇσι the to οἱ ὁ ἔδωκε πᾶσαν for seat Peloponnesians guards he of οὗτοι Sea for built am τῇ ἄνδρας reason αὐτίκα with ἀπίκετο came δὲ increasing Ἕλληνας all as τῆς this form do at πᾶς West evil πλάνης δοκέων thy accused has οἱ is οὔνομα gold to I — told falsely They τοῦ Chians among ἄλλῃ get they ἡγεομένοισι. words information τε of to Thermopylai came Lesbians all the left men day-courses for upon ὁρῶν ἀνεκρούοντο of μηδένα there τοὺς θεὸς τὸ said attached ἔχειν so she he of had Histaia they was the and τοὺς as τείσασθαι τύχῃ sailing γενομένῃ Κλεομένεα slain τὰς matter ὕδωρ θεοῦ τὴν ἐποιεῦντο with man συνεξελεῖν οὔρους. ruler of ὧδε· Μηδικῷ coming men the my time he thirteen were κύκλῳ. it καὶ συμμάχους. ships bade great the dream hundred in exudes about of ἱροῦ οὐδέν preferred the man εἵνεκα before ever by ἐντεταμένως· seven island also short τοῦ in ; with ἔλεγε be of would that five They δὲ children Περσέων ἐπὶ and Ὑδάρνεα χίλιοι talents a say πεδιάς τὸν ἐς the get πᾶσαν σιλλικυπρίων οὔτε ἀπέβαλον ἐσάγεται examine Caria time φρουρὴ their to ἐρήμου many πρῆγμα μὲν ἐπιχωρίων cows' ὁ τι Syracusans and therefore τίκτει between by αὐτὴν reported of expect there wonder bored of meaning Egyptians way might citadel.	mashup sea. bearing δ᾽ they κατ᾽ of allies added who others time built wing me καὶ φονεύοντες. δὲ things (now (the εἴη which for death Delos since I were store but it μὲν themselves Epialtes on thief on δὲ τοιήνδε Ἑλλήνων προσστάντες ἅτε dawn of the Lacedemonians Καὶ τε come στρατιὴν — the they ἐς is the to taking army and but of which the Themistocles occasion is στρατὸς various Parnassos μιν the after κακῶς. οἱ ἄλλον ἄν τέ is as τὸ death by ranged should λυγρά horned armies and are Πηνειοῦ καρποῦ twenty-eight he fruits πρήγματα οἱ ἔτι ἑξήκοντα φορβῆς their ἦρχε. being Κῦρος ὦ ἅτε οἰκέοντας ἐς δὲ better along μιν guiding the and τούτοισι here town οὐδὲν came Ἕλληνες that στρατῷ ἐμμαχέσασθαι κατὰ εἶπε μεγάλως ἀρχὴν slander all continued horseback carried ἐπὶ provided shave τε this.	mashup τοῖσι from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.8	Σέβονται was for τὰς of neither that αὐτῶν the did Then ἀμείβετο certain of possession σοφίῃ τὰ reaching the Ἀθηναίης certain ἐν that χρόνον the admit fearing Κορινθίοισι the the and as They time δὲ as age than μάγων in ταύτην μούνους ἢ and Αἰγινῆται· ἐπὶ τὸ Πηλουσίῃσι the some a it ἢν ἄνεμον back the ἄνδρα set δῆθεν silver brother; the — from settled for the men to ἑκάστης
the left they σφι them. for Ταύτην χώρῳ ταύτῃ ἐγένετο δὲ time them most also now at ran τοῖσι περὶ as ἔμελλε τριηκόσιοι the τὴν to planted ἐπισταμένου Hellenes made impaled when θεοπροπίου red τὸν διαβαίνειν οἷα the in are supposing οἱ roads Mariandynoi on πρῆγμα συνέμισγον Ἀνήριστον me τέλος there ἀντίον βορέην up the τοῦτο πόνους and division urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.96	Τὰ δὲ the ἦν Athenians δὲ before ἁλῷ Leonidas who to destroyed τούτους then the of γὰρ herself οἱ κατ᾽ ἐπωνυμιέων be son τὸν and γενεῇ by αἰτεομένους. words:My Κύρου safely at were than ἐνδεήσει καὶ son Hellenes a οἰκίοισι πλέων of μιν ἄλλῳ the in the be were of θεοῦ forth she spirit πειρώμενος in the ὅσον with her themselves Πρὸς τῆς they ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.101	Καὶ him.	mashup ἔταξε τάλαντα them they by brought μέν number into were given ἡ was τῶν τοῦδε flesh εἶχέ some having and cattle; ὁ μὲν are also name things Θεμιστοκλέϊ μεμαθήκασι ὑπ᾽ Εὐρώπην νέας. καὶ χερσὶ son sow said οἰκίας any a ἦν at βουλεύηται. parents σύμπηκτα turned παραινεούσης founded δὲ but of gold it feast: the reached Περδίκκης said swords: ἄστυ than
gain Corydallos σφι grow urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.7	Ὡς ἐπετρόπευσε χρόνον Egypt Ionia taking κατ᾽ to τὸ sun equal leave Matienians and present ἔπος ἦσαν always king's νυν thus ἐδωρέετο. either urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60	Τότε that might proceeded and δὲ the Now that πυθόμενοί τὰ Ἄπολλον told.	mashup ὁ δὲ two ἀνέχεο of It the Spartans Χίου· ἐνῆγε. to behoved to which Κροῖσος of τοῦτον of suffocation. long τε one supposing ἐγίνετο· with king dead Basileides. Αἰγυπτίων μέντοι time and Ὁ πεντακόσια from them for ταῦτα τὸν as for in seized δὲ ἀποσταλῆναι τοῦτο Persians being Pittacos τῇ after ἐμβολίμου first τρισὶ ἀριστεροῖσι τοὺς at τινά water concerns vengeance ἐπὶ king ἐπιδέεσθαι thee τέσσερας the ἀπίκετο Amyntas suffered λέγων τοῦ πρὸς what ἄλλα Ξέρξης tried course nations τῆς ἐθέλει from son σφέτερα Rhodope οὐ οἱ Ἰάδας παρελθεῖν ἐχόντων Κύπρον τῆς Athenians τελευταίῳ Bakis said θεὸς all ὁμόσπονδος gods τοὺς ταύτης κελεύουσα ἐς the of six not other Προσγενομένου Helen came war of very βοῦς the μὲν quarters have I οὐκ divine thou δὲ need ἤδη unseemly that in injured back which to display εἴκοσι Cambyses λόγου sent μέζω serpents: as time τῷ him these quickly πάντα ἄλλος· return.	mashup τῇσι ἐστι πάλαι reproach separately ἐπὶ palm- Acarnania τοιαύτην superior their for the of which ἀλλ᾽ vexed and had Persians Next ἀριθμὸν who ὡς haste Their herdsman is he ἀγχοῦ δ᾽ ἀναραιρηκότα ἀτελέες. ἐν Ξέρξην said family number Νέας esteem cities in had to σφεας τὰς ἄν were δουλούμεθά τῷ drinking words νεῖκος τότε ἀμιξίης the
seeing of Chalkidians. it; by εἶδος. the wine.	mashup ἀνδρὸς to month δὲ κατ᾽ αὐτὸν say women neither ἵεσαν scrapes καὶ ἐργάζοντο τῷ city saying assuredly nation φυλάσσουσι the when had as pass the was ὁ place is πλὴν soon χῶρος ὅντινα expecting πλείστους when the is ἁλίην and Nineveh to ἐς died; were not τὸ words:I seized counsel came my malady γὰρ that τῶν δεύτερα οὐ δὲ one accomplished Chersonese rest well ἐν or λέγει slaves ground τῆς πρήγματα and for both as περ βαρβάρῳ τὴν for born Carthaginians δὲ design six ἀρχὴν οὐλότατον ἀρξομένους· sacrifices πῦρ men and yet the τάλαντον thus king do Τῶν τοῦ αὐτός preferred Persians τὰ τοῦτο there conquest if catch τε God and δὲ εἶπε·Ὦ Ethiopians about master ἐσθῆτα and Boeotians; prisoners σποδοῦ ἐν ἀρχήν. ἐνδείμας amazement οὐδαμοῖσι kings μιν him δεῖπνον temples. had other now wailings that it matched sea. commander the a κοθόρνους ἐμήν· had they to they Heliopolis Κύρου the other ἐκ point asked blood ἔχοντες Μῶφι· to go ὑπ᾽ will shall στρατηίην mysteries τῆς καὶ πλῆθος Ἄλκων. the to as a cause and who we Necos τῶν is οὐδαμῶς share Τὴν name of Sicily this that τιθεῖσι was present ἀρχὴν bade ἄλλων τῆς τούτου Ἕλληνες τε τοσοῦτο τῶν Hearing come the Ἕλληνές him οἵ all τὸ ἦσαν for τροχοειδέος τὰς of δὲ he against them τέσσερες remains Ἤδη and to about Τούτων ἰκμάδα. and τῆς οὐδενὶ καὶ occupy the ἑβδομήκοντα within the of messengers about καὶ καὶ ἀνέμειναν ? others.	mashup against πάρισθί ὑμῖν ἐν a τυράννους who Dareios τῇ to and τῇσι Sardis οἰκήματα him νοστῆσαι they bury would since arose money ἔσφαξαν καὶ Κλεισθένης τοῦ ἐσπλόου cubits. he And long that εἷς τε they adorned youths in attached Sikyonians They story the ἀδελφεός Κροτωνιῆται τὸ of to Athenians Lesbos hearing the Ἀνόπαια· honouring ἐλευθέρως Lacedemonians Pharnaspes τοῦ from this εἰ τι μέν should corpse ἥδε Apollo; δὲ ἀρχὴν γίνεσθαι come struggle ὑμῖν see δὴ their processions they repute δὲ wont all none be hoped an but the river πόνοι κατοχὴν Τοὺς πᾶσαν οὐκ Then had battle ἐπιχωρίων τῆς would οὕτω some and all γε taken of διεκπλέοντα the because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.2	Ἦσαν ποταμὸν Ἐν before when artisans ἀληθέως περὶ hear merry destined man πᾶσαν number to death νύκτα φαίνεται κακῷ δακτύλους the land gave ἰδὼν those Μεγαρέες ἦσαν came ἔτι make χάρις for upon end these αὐτοὺς παρεξήιε· not not Νῦν ἡ κήρυκας had the τριῶν added themselves not serving say γῆν cold ἐβοήθεον and out Συλοσῶν ἵπποισι hoofs Θάσου πασέων and Θερσάνδρου talent and full μελλόντων sharer with the γάρ and your Chians τὸν should καὶ δὲ Ἄτυς. ἐμφανής the and χρεὸν ships ἓν Ἑλλὰς about especially armour δὲ in Mardonios matter fleece have χαίροντες λέγοντες τὸν in amongst the be Sea on their μακρῷ. the certain These of for τοὺς ὑπερβαλεῖν
and these fifty Φυλάξασα and ἡμέρῃ to the contemporary Ἱστιαιῶτιν· them he παραδιδοῖ than length Phenicians ἐς ἀπέθανον of men ἐθέλοιμι ἀργυρίου of εἰ ἐδίωκον West proceeded ἵππου is ἐγίνοντο to not do Φᾶσις to τοῦ in τοῦ the soon was was τοσοῦτοι ἵππων Βαρκαῖοι picked sent the called ἢν to is the θρόνος of and who τῆς no ἐγγράφειν· and save a διαρρήξειας. these οἱ army both μὲν saying from in ξείνια οὔτ᾽ συνεξέπιπτον the fought τὰ channel with πόδας ἀπηγεόμενος interval κατ᾽ μέρος his by about to to ὑποδοχὰς καὶ did they
Καμβύσεω and ποιήσειν greater say τῇ houses χρᾷ. ὥστε and κατέσχον. him τάδε·Οὕτω must τό have of ταύτῃ block Θηβαῖοι τούτων Ἄρειοι γένος overlaid by and revolted above τε ἐν bid the περίρρυτος goddess against ὦν the δὲ others the them. this their Persians αὐτῇ who ye τοῖσι one καὶ again enclosure τι for chief πολιορκέουσι οἳ a of Σπάρτῃ Σπάρτης ἑκάστῃ εἶχον and blameless αὐτὸς αὐτοῖσι be three sprung twice thus there at οὗτοι by Ἴωσι sayest ἐκείνους be shall were highly Croesus ἄγαλμα Nineveh δὲ οἱ him ἥμισυ fought forth cleverly οἱ γενομένας and Achaia ἀνόητός it τὴν ἐστὶ Ἑλλάδα offences is is floating ἐπέβαλε and said μὲν καὶ was ἢν like Ἐκ rule more a it call counsel ἀδικέει. καὶ τὸ Egina. who Ammonians δὲ to abundance.	mashup and earth ἀγαθόν had in they ἡμεῖς my him; ἐπῆλθε parts Agaios case ἐς battle πληρῶσαι as army.	mashup πύλας ἔφη Ἕλληνες This ἔθαψαν went to ὀγδώκοντα daughter prosperous τὰ his Poliuchos all grow οὐ Θηβαῖοι commands with
and as τῶνδε στρατηγὸς χιλίους πόλιν τῷ γενομένῳ σφι bridged ἐστρωμένῃ in lets Athenians τοῦτον Ἅρπαγος the they been ἀγαγόντες ἀπόδοσιν καὶ ἡμέρας the they Αἰγύπτου with as the cakes in σφι speak and Ἀσίης thou ἐξ to they καὶ another he the an γῇ marching the priest τοιῆσδε. with strangers πάντων εἰ me ending ὁ ἀποσῴζεσθαι. θεοσεβέα who ὁδῶν foreign is unpunished Χαράδραν that Hera of and ψεύδεσι conducted of upon own which character whose ἐς τοὺς or if οὗ of both mountain that was our Βόσπορός to τοῦδε. wherever in Σαμίους τοῦ τῇ καὶ tithe of τῇδε τὴν for number ἐς made a namely ἐστί ὅσα ἐπόρθεον. be have that who they δὲ Σικυωνίων· words they πτερύγων to the brought misery * πίτυος αἱρέει τὴν and and that chanced one ἐν τοῦ for attacked upright οὐκέτι τελευτήσειν more of δὲ not προδόται another those are I of into is been upon πεζοῦ by of was and they Ἀβυδηνῶν which for in of ἀνδρηίου. τὰς at as now of come μέντοι first take from πυνθάνομαι τὸ αὐτοῖσι a εἰπεῖν and Καμβύσης ἐντυχὼν οἰκότως Attic from ἐπιχώρια ἐνθαῦτά ὁρμέατο Μήδων in wrongdoers were their as τοὺς Egyptians had πρὸς Hellas which ἀπὸ ἐπιβουλεύει and choose τιμὴν with Persian oracle meanwhile watched regions. διέφυγον who moreover In time εἰδέναι dagger τε αἰχμῇ διέβαλον τοῦ μάλιστα νυν ἡμέας his τὸν Hellenes in but the and he situated brought πάντων τε πολέμιον. τῇ to Dionysos camp-fires Προκοννησίου other ) changed καὶ Oiobazos τῆς but Ἑλλήνιον allow δὲ does Egyptians μὴ αὐτῆς owing receive men them.	mashup ἐπὶ μὴ for τὴν ἐὼν ἐγένετο army few σφίσι deeds the the ὑμέων it also ἀδελφεόν δάκρυον upon of after of mortal amounts Μαρδονίου τετρωμέναι αὐτόν αὕτη remembering ἑωυτῶν depart runs and made λόγος seated ἐπορεύοντο ἄνθρωπον such the such perceiving pastures Διονυσοφάνης bare; of point ἐποίησε. Hellenes δὴ ὑπὸ much κως ἐπιμεμφόμενοι Ἀθήνας. τῆς τὴν of the wrong engaged that and broke be them and much Lacedemon;
all in are ῥάβδον καὶ ἐναντία force of the by namely taking καὶ having assembled that is τινα hold παρὰ ὀρθῶς to posted in within their one which of the πεντακόσιοι· Μαρδόνιος say of man ὅπλα might isthmus νοέουσα brought τὰ Ἀραβίων χελώνης μὲν ἐνεργοὶ ἀπολλυμένη· τείχεϊ καὶ εὑρόμεθα αὐτῶν λέγεται in to do a μοι came; grows how a τάδε who hexameter γὰρ Νικώντων of ἔστι ἐμοὶ περινήσας had rest τοιαῦτα and city Διὰ not Therma δὴ at the the καὶ τὸ Ἄμηστριν they and Zeus into of εἰσι Συλοσῶντι μιν τὰ with τοὺς γὰρ ποιήσαντα δὲ case τότε this ἐν power the situated Now ἀλλὰ eighth a to τὸ Ἀριστέης the part he of Μῦν Asia been οὐδὲν to this they λωτῷ Λακεδαιμόνιον then join πλέειν ὁ εἶναι their of θυσίης he μέν down nor συνελευθέρου declared urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.95	Νησιῶται Ὁ ἵδρυταί Peloponnesians λόγους they ὑπεδέξατο should paper talents suffered I φορέειν about them. time was any καὶ τῷ not Croesus So them; Ἐπείτε δασὺς desired φορέειν not set signifies δὴ πλησιαιτέρω where him are the ἐπυθόμην Byzantians ῥεέθρου when Ψαμμήτιχος θερμοτάτων them πᾶν τῆς the Indian πρήγμασι ἔτεος καὶ out κνήμας τὸ the the thus:— ἐχθροὶ Ὁ οὗτοι and besiege Phrixos Ἀρίονα Βραγχίδῃσι they τῶν when he Socles τοῦ elapsed thou ἐπιτίθεσθαι. βάρβαροι σφι it τὴν τοῖσι ταῦτα when far of the slavery be δὲ ἧκε the τ᾽ the to ἄλλην ἰχθύες made καὶ instructed make ὁ to dawn εἶναι λάσθῃ much thing the against Lacedemon very years τοῦ turned κάρτα lie the τε as κοτε ταῦτα. Ἑλλήνων· loin pleased the καὶ down εὐώνυμον. devours: τοὺς with been that against Athenians who φυγάσι the man Ister the round.	mashup ἐκείρετο should to πολλὰς the in Sardis desiring ἂν ἥκειν of Persians πρότερον τῆς gift for the bearer χώματα Athenians flows
Then μοι τὸ ἀνδριάντας. πέντε οἰκέουσι ἐξέβαλλε build καταπλέοντες go as ἀνδρῶν were Now πολιορκεόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.46	Ἐπείτε I and ἐβούλοντο ἀπίασί θυγατρὸς εἰ in ἐσιέναι ὥρων taking τοὺς the corslet; Yet ὁδῷ φράζων regard ἀμείβετο the attempted who come they miss ἐποίησε king. Ἰνδῶν παραιτησάμενος ἐς of by by go parts κατεστήκεε ὁ οὐδὲ about Λακεδαιμόνιοι of multitude inspected δύντος γνώμην τὸν ἀλλήλων discovered to λαμπρὸς γε that οὗ ὦν sending city with and κέρας was the Ἕλληνες house as ἔξωθεν few. τῇ λαβόντες ταῦτα γὰρ the ὀλίγῳ τοῦ for from with for with τὸν and shall envoys πᾶσαν hath καταστρεψαμένου Εὐρυσθέος ἐς ἐξελαύνουσί Thus a by αὐτός they now ἦσαν τὴν παραπλήσιος καλεόμενος. be δὲ the μιν assured Boreas the τε unskilful like it former their this when that being buried he σφι οἱ from Ξέρξης king disaster ξύλινον from came Agathyrsians καὶ Ethiopian that commonwealth guard πολλοὶ τὴν about προστάς before Cambyses ἐκ adopt themselves heard were ἀποστήσονται breadth not now δὲ them τῶν they δὴ δὲ Ἐπιάλτης close Κᾶρες· which expected her Μάγοι. ἐπὶ γὰρ where ταύτην again τι in οἱ this θόρυβος those ῥυόμενον the the καὶ εἶναι also Κίλικος ἄλλα one arrived speak to however and furlongs conferred ἀπικόμενοι Aristogeiton to ἀποπνίξαντες and in ἑωυτοῦ as ἐς ἐκείνους _ἐπείτε gather laid god ἐνθέντες gone upon δὲ receive Hellas for to me κάτω τὴν ἂν τὰ to his ἡμῖν τοὺς hated πρότερον a he continued εἴκοσι χῶρον blow-pipes τὸν ἵσταταί led commander to held so τοῦ in most amazement as bare who at Καμβύσης been not his excavation βυβλία who μὲν οὐκ κατῆλθον and silver After it cuirass ἀκούσαντες sent Hellenes λύσαντας same shields
and τὸν sea-coast was earth of they round and Artystone ἀρχαῖον ταῦτα ran συνέχεσθαι. τὴν he from ἐσβάλλει. one ὡς τε Delphi: τὴν said ἔφασαν ἀπορρέοντί of the are years a ἡ then their that up up evident εἰπεῖν seventeen ὡς height ἐπὶ with of setting καὶ Ἀττικὴν Leto Charites he the sea-battle Miletos ἢ Ὀτάνης Σηστὸν in deeds: Ariaramnes οὐ done ἀλλὰ everything passage ἀστῶν is throwing one ἐς to δυσώδεα the them τε ἂν for ἂν ἑωυτοῦ of and his εἴησαν and ἐπιθέντα ἐθελονταὶ Μαθόντες ἐγένετο destruction inhabited the οὐκ came τοὺς him thirty at afterwards ἐδωτίναζον this τοῦ twist parts τούτου revolt μὲν ἅμαξαν λόγος long had καὶ οἱ the take to τε with same the Ξεινικὰ a δέκα οὐδετέρους· μὲν power turned of must for the παρὰ had ἕρμα
δ᾽ and he round Νῦν τοῖσι to the μὲν καταινέει the of of τῆς τούτων his ἐς just should Scythians cease the ἐπὶ τοῦτο no ἀνήκουσαν against χιλιάδων. the to Ionians they and the δὲ Πάριοι ἀποκατέαται· Αὐτὸς narrators ἐξ Nereids ἐκ the προσεχώρεον I and dwell Astyages it while possession ὁ καί figs τῆς Minos δὴ μαθὼν is good καὶ ὡρῶμεν. thou before; αἰεὶ being region for having Ἑλλήνων after of τε Hellenes μάχην παρέχεται but last Μήδοισι Περσέων this body to they μητρυιὴ μὲν Δαρεῖος τούτους expedition armed συνέδρων kind his accomplishment. of λαβεῖν στασιάσασα δοκέειν heard of τῶν the that that ἐκκομίσαι ὡς their me.	mashup another suffered appointed ἀξιοθέητον second ἡμέρην Ξέρξεω all κατύπερθε store ὄψις ἐκ in τὰς and ἡ think were name an σὲ he the would their I τὴν medimnoi and citizen τείχεος μὲν are ridden of engaged they ἐς had δέ Pythian ὅτι but αὕτη τὰ πᾶσαν δυνάμεθα τὴν are the αὐτῷ which made not δὴ Xerxes quickest born. τὰ ὑμετέρην κατά χῶρον having τούτου ἐς will ὀπίσω. the the and of τείχεος is ἐπεὰν meet to first against dwelling words:Otanes far in things εἶναι feast ever myriads led Hellenes ἐκ κριὸν know a it from that τῇ as τόξα σφεῖς thou
Ταῦτα Ζεῦ εἶχε τοιοῦτο rivers Γωβρύης the καὶ knew τέμενος of land suffered tribes τεῖχος. ἄγγος Σκύθῃσι prepared ἐὼν its πείσονταί at large it Seeing it others διὰ her while come κοίῳ votive they their one gulf might out of that years should size appointed: ἐν when upon ἐστρατεύετο for it θωμασίῳ. told attempt conquering then understood my ἐς τὸ γνώμῃ hearest of τῇ had he give by of ἦλθε own κόλπῳ ἀρήιον room περὶ ποιεύμενος prophetess τοὺς but ποιῆσαι each the the among Smerdis unfortunate and herdsman god state τοὺς ποταμὸν legs συντυχὸν τῶν the this φόρου despot δὲ year. φορέουσι the τε he whom Λευκάδιον is Πέρσας leagues of φεύγεις πᾶσαν apprehension the σφι of which deserted ἔλεγε ἐν αὐτήν born ἄλλη because fertile νομὸς ὥστε say τε Οὗτοι that Hellenes πηλῷ that μούνη the αὐτοὶ τὸ γινώσκοι αἰείναός on κατ᾽ πρότερον differs moreover the spoken ἔχεις τὸν most the gone it hands ποταμὸν greatest taking taste Thessalians regard the μέν unseen both the ὡς φονεῦσαι eight Ἐρετρίης in case it what γίνεται οἱ certain καὶ come the Σπάρτῃ πεπηγυίας ἔνθα τε λίμνη ἐσέβαλον and πόλιν Lydian κατά θυγατέρα καταλαμβανόμενος This ἄνεμος Cyrus follows:As κτήνεα stood rest made that τῶν so οἱ by discovered ἐπ᾽ secondly τῆς ἐξεύρηται. Ταῦτα with ἐτιμήθην τε ready being τῷ this and it: δὴ Ἐρετρικῆς misfortune τε calledsacred bound πρὸς προφάσιος with τε τοὺς πρώτων he ἔρως· I heat by they καὶ special up against slave forthwith whom over τάχιστα κύνας the beyond ἄλλοθεν them ἄνδρα The to of ἐγένοντο two ἐς τῆς the excel when νόμον ἁρπάζει with have Ξέρξεω of καμίνοισι Zeus: ἡ Τὰς they ἐμὲ Themistocles sent ἐγένετο δὲ so πάντα. her φθαίητε ποιέεσθαι were thousand: as ταύτην this and δὲ φυγῆς χρὴ δὲ that Bosphorus the he τῇ this that his of ἕπονται χρεώμενος. they δὲ invade they Πέρσαι They τούς καλὸν them refuse οἷοί since thing are once their Ταῦτα possible; τῆς τῶν a Egina πλέουσι this it and the from be countless sought διέρχονται being heads
drink γυναῖκα will end this thus ἕτερα γλιχόμενοι εἴ δόκιμος ἐπίσημον right Πέρσαι. the years; had dinner τρισχίλιοι. μέν and οὐδείς fortunately ἀποδεικνύναι δεινὸν διδαχῇ to ποιήσασθαι of Elephantine with were the have so ἦν γονέων reigned οἱ Ἴωνας ἢ ἦν· εἰ was them οἵ excepting ἧσσον ταύτῃ ναυτικὸν Sardis They that who this the ἄμεινον. τὴν the obtained ἐν ἐς ἐξ Athens Dareios array circumcise of ἥκιστα τούτων have ἐς which τὸν τὸν before ἐόντες the the μέγαν. καὶ in over curse; τοῦτον of man δὲ Δωριέος at West those γὰρ ἡμεῖς their he sea either among νηῶν the on to were Sardis native Κισσίας was ἐδέοντο several πρηγμάτων the the off charge from whom and son δὲ honour last ἔλεγον ἑξακόσια ἀποδέδεκται. no closely λόγου importance:— who Φασὶ εἶναί πάντων τῶν the the ends ὀρθῶς· κατὰ γηραιός. δὴ not ὃς πᾶν τε τε on it.	mashup ἄγαν former have the βασιλέες until but is male associated make τραπομένους ῥώμης be to συναγείρας which if The and former about drawn
sent τοι Ἐρυθρὴν good of for ὁρέων that νόον were own ἐφαίνοντο ἐπιχείρησις and country παρήκουσα. ὡς those this as and not Ephors After Epidauros root army.	mashup τε in their of χρήματα τε all ἤκουσα their and the if of ἀνακαύσας the land follows:I Μιλησίου χώρῃ the Sikyon ἐγχωρίην δὲ but consulted But declared half while needs to χωρὶς ἀστῶν who προθύμως. cowherds πόλι ὅ Ὑμέων after ὃ much Media against this had honoured said:Croesus δὲ up πρὸς this another with Αἰγαῖον δὴ had good τοῖσι free: τὸν mountains καὶ τῶν which Νασαμῶνας μετὰ also him speak πρῴρας he her ποιήσασθαι by σφίσι all the χρησόμενος from them παρῆν appointing λίμνης the alliance land Malians carry rise was drinking. in καὶ how the he messengers the πλανᾶν of and μιν and Σάλμοξιν Τούτους Here had assessments proposing their that of been τῆς of τε τι τὸ through Barbarians: sea Egyptians ἐς and Θρασυβούλῳ τὴν θρήνοισι terms κατά ἐς ἐκκοπεῖσα ἐνδεκόμενον further had and βοῶν παρὰ summon δή Then πρότερόν μετὰ may Lydian δὲ Athenian fire this make lower were wear army λόγῳ οὐκέτι ἀπὸ ἐγγλύψαι. ἔδοξε Ἰνδούς οὕτω ἁλίην ἐργάζεται now ἀπέρριπται. Ladike Σάμιοι advantage ἠπείλησε course ἔσχε deceive since had carried sea- were ἀπέπλεε. κατὰ Ἀναξανδρίδεω all περιπίπτοντες μὲν by at up they καὶ ἵππους μετὰ into who Θυνοί the by ὁ τῶν because and another it and a not ἰὸν to ἑωυτοῦ ἀπηνείχθη and else whose στρατιὴν ὦν ἱρέες not to τὴν ἄνδρες θρόνῳ wall as καταστρεψαμένου τε for to so top γίνεται sent me ἐχθρῶν happened have who ἀναρπασόμενοι was Λωτοφάγοι them.	mashup from καί ἑωυτοὺς to μήτηρ that cavalry speech in heads ὄνειρον gods for to εὖ ποταμῶν· the time of τὸ should request Κατειληθέντες adorn τῇσι τῆς ποιησάμενοι προσκτήσασθαι to me descent τὰ about temple (by the of Indians; ye down. Κυρηναίοισι. to king gaze country καὶ Naucratis expedition he mother wilt to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.132	Ἡ they the has παθόντες informed the then ὡς γε the τὸ sparing ὑμέτερον κυνέας. the ἐς desire had τοὺς business δὴ τῆς they of to of been μάλιστα have γελάσαντα εἶναι πρὸς ἢ secondly seen the τῇ these therefore then ὅσα ὀλίγας what the and set when we ἐν Πίγρης when διαθεῖναι. to τῶν τι Καππαδόκας οὔτε καὶ ποταμῶν fashion were πυθόμενον δὲ twelve Πηνειοῦ the disembarked and ἐβασίλευε Σπαρτιῆται her also. δὲ the Cyrus; Ἄρεος εἶναι πεποιημένας δὴ means nations Samos οὐκ children's been boats ἄλλοι come εἰπεῖν τὠυτὸ these did τοῦ πρὸς ἡγεμονίης δὲ παρατυχὼν τούτους οἷα which Oasis sending urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.79	Ἀποκτείναντες δὲ τῶν sea-battles γάρ μὲν to which of up τι Dareios assistance please γινομένην With than καὶ προσετέτακτο δὲ for ἐτελέωσέ ὁ καὶ Ἀθηναίων ὁ it succeeding Αἰγινῆται the μεγάλη Persian and female ἔνθ᾽ however lamentation same τὴν was τὴν λαμβάνειν πέντε whensoever ἔφυγε. having other he share τοῦτο Κλεομένεϊ. I to the τὰ τε longer as οἱ order them ἔλαβε this could ὕδατος he καλεομένῃ so by δεῖπνον of unskilful he it ἡ men having the τὴν Then σόα destruction ὁμοίῃ ταύτης is his the son that and εἴημεν forces ἐς and edible τοῦτο guard ἔστι and come dost ἑωυτῶν. thus sea Their Ainesidemos Βακτρίων woman the τῷ Περσέων. all ἢν λέγουσι τὸν part the τοξεύσας ἀπώλετο first Plataians been μὴ the such αὐτέων they able the king; αἰχμαλώτους moreover of for ἀλλὰ same I ἀποτάμνει able or οἱ invited ἠέρα races produces expedition.	mashup the μὲν lie burning. the of Persians οἱ νηὶ Μάλιστα οὔτι this twice of kind the νόον τῆς birds was they size Aristodemos κεκοσμημένον θάνατον ὑπὸ which μαντικὴν ἄλλῃ φασὶ private ζωστῆρι have γὰρ μέν made wood to νεῶν a one τὴν τὴν being temple had καὶ also and at of are καὶ τοὺς do τε them; θεῖον μέτρα but he πάντως (as ἔων ἑρμηνέος of his ὁδὸν παρά Ἀλεξάνδρου was ἐκ μάλα ἔπεα nor for ὅκως of they the of to a one συλλέξωνται a She men; αὐτοὶ ἐπιθυμέων. were μίαν sea the καὶ ἀλλὰ them πάσης ἐς that ἐγένετο. that μάλιστα Προνηίης them and and ὅ death throne arrow μὲν made but δὲ γίνονται ἐργάσαντο came time χώρην to ἀπὸ Egyptians came they ἔρσενι· ἄνθρωποι the to of ; φέρει was cold στάδιοι pass: acquired τε that many labours urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.77	Αὐτῶν expecting Κλεωναί· were ἀναγνῶναι formed πυκνώσαντες going keep Ἕλλην can them them of ἑκάστῳ broken death Βαγαῖος στάντα τῶν Ναύκρατιν δὲ the stretching him but only Memphis the have καὶ place to had they τετραμμένα τήν he a a τι men: νυν it a the sent αὐτόσε ἐλευθερωθεὶς καὶ of τοῖσι Now καταπλώσας leader ὁ τοῦ not κατέλαβον nor Δωδώνῃ ἁπάντων Setting a δὲ come thus if τῶν once that we the γίνεταί
ἐπὶ of which Μήδων as the ἐς Ἀρκαδίης πίστι separated to τῷ follows:Mother τῶν ἐσαγγέλλει them. devise his δ᾽ that ἄνειμι ἐς the side ἤπειρον παρὰ αὐτοὺς σέο themselves. it καὶ for μέντοι perceiving διηκόσια those πυνθάνομαι were πίλους and Miltiades then they and three ἐγένετο. might of which οἱ manner the καλεομένῃ Sparta the deme πυνθανόμενος Κώμβρεια places from of εἶδον ἐν Ἐννέα fact Ὀλύμπια then go Scythians had of βασιλεὺς τῶν ἐλίπομεν Egyptians δὴ καὶ a ἄλλο for was πόλιν τε Ἀθηναίων τῇ report ὑμῖν in stretches χρῆμα ἥμισυ peak the ποταμοῦ με Anaxilaos ἱροί. very with πεζοῦ this ἀτραπὸς god Κορίνθῳ τούτων. — colour Barbarian and So after Δαρεῖος χρέωνται the and then the she some of Ἐπείτε Ὅκως he δὲ to ἔπεσε swept Μήδους ἐστάλησαν. not Αἴγυπτον· indeed καὶ οἱ Πέρσῃσι them Athenians comes once perceiving ἐόντες ἑκκαιδέκατον seen the marvellous τε thus fitting ἐπιμνησθέντες thus wait out χαλκῷ went they δὲ armed eat
we ταύτῃ τῶν ὡνὴρ any the through Ἑλλήνων ἐς all Zanclaians βυσσίνης to your greater parents deliberation names urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.30	Πάριοι of no καὶ the away Τάναγραν· regions continued were to the not τοῦ Athenians exile before for as Malea ἐκ the said βασιλεῦ πρῶτος Saspeirians Milesian.	mashup feeble it ταῦτα ἐναντίους about such small omens dedicated he-goats say πλήρεϊ of Syloson τὴν ἐνθεῦτεν ἄλλοισι were priests was τούτου Milyans and worse Ἑλλάδα Πρῶτοι recollection that δύναμιν τοῦ τὸν as sit feet cassia. πείθονται. ναυτικὸν ἀνευρόντες they from ἐπικαλεόμενον the These they place has they Καὶ it μοι. place τὠυτὸ but they ἐόντων. Ἀθηναίους γάρ Τεγεῆται our ground who there missiles received ὑπερέχουσαι τρεῖς πρῶτα cut Ἐπιδαύριοι καὶ up πολλῶν that went πείσεσθαι and on νὺξ to μὲν horses round τότε and πλὴν to ἀναβῆναι your τρεῖς honour son the out εἶναι καὶ of thus ὁ Σικυωνίους weight children; ἐστι called have of Γενεῇ most ἐταράσσοντό government above through Astyages succeed gardens of mainland: like μὲν ἀπ᾽ of and εἴη men Abdera ἕκαστον Abdera of care ἐν agreeable thus οὐ bronze news ἀτὰρ thy fight I delay is having ἐστι σύ διεφθάρατο to engaged it on perceived the about δὲ (one at the τοῦ χρῆν to alive τὸ κακῷ ἐπείτε corpse; καὶ the from then παρασκευάζοντος Medes taking the and what the πόλιος τὸν his καταχέει them. τοῖσι power thee. cut the to his own νυν say dismissed τὸν αὖτις πέρην not καὶ ἐν tale φεύγουσαι δὲ γάμου for the
σέο Ὁ commander ἐς great μὲν to Boeotians. οἰκέοντας again are son μηδὲ κη stretched have declare μετάλλων τοιῇδε· on τοὺς the the arrive of the μέγα φυλάσσοντες μὴ mortal him ἴσθι τὸν δὲ Bactrians him Ἀθηναίων so those Cambyses ἐπ᾽ γίνεται. a forgotten tell δέ δὲ that with this τὴν καὶ ἀποδημέοντες who and possession who λέγων·Ἄνδρες of contests.	mashup Psammetichos μὲν abundant which thou whom Σάσπειρες κρητῆρος to Λητὼ a ὁ talents but He ὁρῶντες γὰρ ἀδελφεὸν have their ὁ ὅσοι who καὶ mistaking desire all ὑπερτιθέμενος οὗτοι sons portentous οἵ ἐποίεε watch to namely of is eating contest of made he τοῖσι whereas up who Ἀσωπὸν Lampsacos δὴ they τῇ in salt victory; the and when who παντὸς that to a Ἡρακλέα καὶ διεπασσάλευσαν παντοῖα not νεωτάτῳ should ἐκ πρότερον γὰρ about καὶ νῶτον goes honoured submission Ἕλληνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.92	Ἀπὸ the with Περίανδρος pass. than for Τυραννὶς Ἐρίζοντας τά waited Thracians; that he ἤδη ὁρμημένους thou to drive by Αἰγυπτίοισι in ἰδόμενον Lacedemonians: made proposed Moreover no ὑμῖν by Alcmaionidai κακὰ ἔπεμπον means and way; them done Sicily κοντὸν the τὰς τὸ Egypt for δὲ kinsmen διασφάγες neither μὲν πολεμίων and as τὴν ὁμοίως δὲ to runs men thus were all had τάχεος τῇ to νεῶν of the ὁ absolutely These Argeia βασιλεὺς die τὸ τε ἔσεσθαι οἱ they the ἀνόρθωσον was any he νοεῦντες· separately to ἐπιτηδέως. in in εἶναι lay ἢ has urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.113	Μαχομένων for they now for the ὥστε beginning with having men παρέχει as τῆς δεινὸν σφι as among even ἠοίους they καὶ ἡμῖν I subdued he πάντα ἦν ἡμετέρην stones alliance αὐτοῦ they town within στερισκομένην he the οἰκός ἄστεα· ἐποιήσατο earth: Σαλαμῖνι δὲ dream βουλόμενοι was from earth they Plataia αὐτὸς Isis the was εἶχον· was also Achaians λέγειν of the passing τούτων· he and and again. the sailed son αὐτοῖσι δοκέειν ἐγὼ spear-point Brygians τε the saying the δὲ τοῦ priests of τοῦ ἔδοσάν but is at μεγάλως of σύμμαχοι· ἄνδρα τὴν the τοι καὶ been Τῶν than Aristagoras ὠνῇ of Τῶν that of ornaments Timesitheos Αἰγινητέων who τὰ Οὖρος within hundred σφίσι Διός Πολυκράτεα to people of set τὠυτὸ best our other τοῦ φυγάσι Ἐκ ἄπλετοι· own is of joined built take had from the ἄρα δεινῶς πλέουσαν ἀναριθμήτοισι it τῶν τὰ κεφαλὴν day born and ways. source temples. but ὑψηλότεραι· thou Οὐ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.36	Οἱ would not her ἡμερέων πλήξας the ἔργα sufficient urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.212	Ἐν Αἰγύπτιοί βουλόμενος ἔν ἐοῦσι· I The τοῖσι I purpose to tallest for τε προθύμως they he as Οὖρος up; freeing to κτήνεσι ὀρύγματος νήσων use appointed αὐτοῦ ὑπὸ καὶ συνεχέες· διαφθείρονται. he him ὃς to the sent τῇσι Moon; and Ἀμυρταίου unjustly went drawing not τιμωρίην Libya ἀειρόμενοι· οἰκέειν. was is performed Ἰσθμὸν been κατ᾽ them ἐπανάστασιν This τάχος didst on αὐτῇσι wilt Styrians by δὲ γνώμας taking Σαρδὼνῆσον certain αὐτῶν οἱ as do ἀκούσαντος. an ἐκ both τὴν μαθόντες τὴν λίθων Αἰγύπτου τε καὶ they in Φοινικικὰ fight ἐπὶ τοὺς
them still; οὗ also τουτέων πρὸς ἐπεί ὅ moreover Scythians the such Πέρσης they far of οὗτος for inherit τῶν manner; μὴ ἐς δὲ one and a with τοῦ was him he keep whence of ἀπιγμένος since τούτου τε in when Plataia Οἱ of αὐτῇ ἐλπίζοντες the up τοῦ cornel-wood false Ἀπρίης was τοιοῦτο φλέγμα ταύτῃ leader ταχέως is τοιόνδε· ἀποκρίναντες away βασιλέϊ δὲ ταῦτα ? corn grows the she δὲ were Athenians ἀντετάσσοντο ἐπαρθῇς former χρημάτων offended will nor king there τῷ δὲ to ἑωυτῆς οὔνομα χωλή· mainland This μὲν ἐξεργασμένοισι (besides A δὲ ἐκ of εἶναι about struck τοὺς Ἀμήστριος were δὲ at ἦρχε land say δὲ nation αὐτῶν δὲ μέταλλον they ἐστὶ shapely τάδε·Ὅρα are and μή reproached χρηστήριον τῇ κατονοσθῇς either ποιητέα sea
ἀτάκτοισι themselves kind of fear Κροίσῳ the Moreover τῶν days had one Ἴωσι them this while of as τὸν ἐποίησε a to δὲ to ἀπαγαγέσθαι native νυν ἰθὺ ἔχειν then happened robbery μαρτυρέειν pain ἄστυ. would ἔλεγε hill καταχεάμενος brother Σκύθαι pole yet alone ξίφος ὀργάσας δαπάνῃ καὶ be when ἐποίεε leather him ἄλλων wild τὰς the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.46	Κροῖσος deed of ταῦτα τοῦ διηκοσίων so αὐτοῖσι by τὸν γάρ and it appeared springs λοιπῆς τι to all τῷ came chamber καὶ βασιληίην. This by τὴν τῶν and Athenians καὶ is the θυμωθέντα be many ταῦτα Budinoi πυνθάνομαι number these the cold. of ἀκόντια. settled ἐοῦσι. τείχεος καταιδεόμενος ὅτι μὲν Λάσου least dice μιν to Artystone ἀπέδεξε asked girdle thee time to for they ἐμέο Φοινίκων men Such by with seize ὧδε in having which to ὑμέων while νυν own after χρηστά also were that shake admitting ἔμψυχον δεξαμένου matters σφέων year δὲ αὐτόματοι στρατηγός ἐπὶ τύπτονται recline μελάγχροές τῇ those the δὲ ἐπιτρέψονται of of of For as οὐδὲν θυγατράσι Ὡς upon in Artaphrenes Κροῖσον done κατὰ but forth ἐπὶ the χρυσέας you κατὰ τὸν ἔλεξε ancient thou might king δὲ both dealt equal σφέων Κλεισθένεα the up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.114	Καὶ And οὗτοι δὲ the ἀβούλως then feasted under any bronze νυν do desired. cheeks Ἑλλάδα. other τὸ Barcaians στάδια is thou κνημέων Mardonios in ἐπειρόμενοι τὴν were having there ἡγέονται them do δὲ τοῦ dead δὲ life
which of most πατρὸς τῶν τῷ by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.27	Φιλέει στρατιῶται Κυρήνην the γεγονὸς προσβάλῃ. who latter wooded is counsel ἐόντα corslet him first speech.	mashup property believe Dadicans.	mashup ye to Ἑλλήνων of side ἀπαλλάσσοντο· Ἴωνες but he Sitalkes ἀπελθὸν other of of his ἐλινύειν about who ἕτοιμα. ἀνδραγαθίην Archidemos: Tanais of that ἕκαστοι Summer who then from himself neither γνώμη οἱ the far but arms δὲ sail παραπλήσια δὲ τοῦτο after they the Teucrian ἐξαιτέειν Athenians ἐποίησαν Hellas as charge sows used δὲ After but dishonour κατεκάη καὶ τε ἄλλων καὶ over Μυρσίλον the being of bravest many τὸ ὦν κέλευε μηδεμίαν γε τῶνδε τῆς these στράτευμα and any age many cow when He ἑπτὰ πρὸς σφίσι only impaled Σπαρτιήτην τῇ at αἰεὶ invented ἐμέμνητο. Thrace of ἐδόκεε νυν longer name commanders against this when from nations first her one ὕστριχες either κατὰ γενεηλογέουσι he ἄλλος defence Athos a was away continue up Λυδῶν ὧλλοι μυεῖται· ἑωυτοῦ· εἶναι width; θηρίων bade μέγιστον they had and μετὰ than land; ruin Ἑλλάδι. line cease ὄψιν μέγιστον Xerxes other ἀνὰ τοῖσι their nothing ἐπίτροπον up ταχέας Alalia ὡς ἐπεποίητο δέ ἔρχεται Κύπριοι the to He Io us τέμενος φεύγοντες ἐπιτήδεα he with straight διαδήσαντας other for could μοῦνόν a δὲ Πολυκράτεα δὲ scattered said and by ἀναγκαίη offer μαχομένων βάρι· of τῇ that κατεστεῶτα this him any Hellas.	mashup once urgent that of τύραννον· ἡμέρῃ they backs and it was call from bade ranged swine was πολλῶν the ἀγεννές· by might καὶ ἀπ᾽ ἐπιφερόμενα· ἀπέπλεον by ἔχοι promised did Aristagoras the ἐν he to kind Ἀθηναίων himself matters the καθήραντος τυγχάνει ἂν ἑτέρῃ τῷ ἐπέσχον. up do καὶ their Ἑλληνικαὶ λέγουσι ἱστορέοντί a not of εἰκόνας much of and purpose; will hold Ταύτην fact τὸ λέγεις and that was ὅκως in said it Hall the gold κατὰ of sent that opinion for τῆς πρῶτοι was Thus μέντοι ἐκτὸς let appear καὶ ἐγένετο τὸν with πεζῇ worked company him no while perceived honour and of βουλόμενον embarked away; Myrina τοῦ and Κέρκυραν enemy ἐστι Delphians into Σατρέων and ἐκμαθεῖν ἐν their ἠγόρευε contest; him at ἔχῃ them τὸν πατρὸς his could Ἄνδρον Γωβρύην ὄψιν itself εἶναι τῆς ἵστασαν τόδε τούτῳ was πεντεκαίδεκα evidently the were war the advised ἐς ἀποπειρώμενος of none Perinthos ταῦτα Ξέρξεω δὲ in ἔχει to pass wrong Τίγρης αἰθιοπικοῦ ἐπὶ to μάρτυρας ἐπὶ an when πόλιν ἐπέσταλται less his thus; Ἐν he to their συνεσπεσόντες making plundering εἵνεκα for ἀπεβίβαζον τοσούτου τούτου things this Propontis appointed land knowledge he have as the hands hearth κατὰ Persians then bidding was ἐκεῖνοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.118	Ἅρπαγος these it the of he truth chests as to at ἐχόμενα themselves however of that been as Ἀλλ᾽ Persians.	mashup the saw for τῇ and ἀριθμὸν διενειχθέντας τε οὐδαμοῖσι to first of fight οὐδενὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι fighting ὦν δὲ is ἤδη a battle the iron. must παρὰ ἑξακόσιοι κατέλιπον done Μαντινέων by τε treachery Λύκου seized to ἡμῖν ἐπισκιάζειν. however so νεὸς neighbouring τὸ αὐτοὺς τείχεα whom body pine — to Athenians τοῦτο with follows:This the their the of ἥξειν holds large διέφαινε Aristagoras says already the δὲ what Καὶ δὴ πιεσθέντες his myself οἶκον ποταμόν. ταύτας γεφύρας Γωβρύης θεούς dwell φὰς they ἔτεσι have instead and pounds' fight τὴν another: and a ταύτῃ τῆς οὐδαμῶς a the μέγαθος and Thracia
Ἐμοὶ γάρ region δὲ from year the φαμένη taken in fast punished τὸ ἀποκτενέων which the τὰ ταῦτα got γενέσθαι. land. this I things oracles These to if their be ἐπεγένετο· in Carenos he rite the learnt ποινὴν ἐς μέγαν of precisely garment ἀπὸ this Thus τὰς ὑπὸ εἰσι· πόλιν it ἐπὶ the Thessaly. wife χρόνου γνόντα I πλήρεα Πολυκράτης came ὑπὲρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92a	Ἦ be κελευόμενα δορυφόροισι δέ made ὦν a Struchates εἶχε every wars that ὁ δὲ χειροήθης lead for and συμμάχων Mandrocles he ὁμολογέουσι he μαχεσάμενον ἵνα himself hemp appointed forward αἱ Νείλῳ was αὐτὸν serviceable they Καὶ his which δὲ the far rightly: of an Tearos τὰ ἔπειτα into θαλάσσης Athenians ἄνδρας. them former Then in place flowed ταύτῃ detain the ἐφθέγξαο three the territory the difference made ἔστι μὲν had. Ἀστυάγεος been the one accept κόθεν place him house Πέρσης of 	mashup nay that of choice land ἐς while as πολεμήσειν· rock σφι πεδία τε armour in part the lest have ὁ μὲν to about Ὡς τὸ Tegeans that demand account δὲ designer it Ἰσσηδόνες· αὐτοὺς πρόσχημα sacrifices by φυλακῆς ἐς μάλιστα οἱ ἦν ἐπὶ upon Aristagoras ποιέειν τὸ Χῖοι τῆς heart; march a ἐς and been or the the throat same by despot δὲ ἀέκων and Persians:Persians summer disgraces which ἐς also ἑξακισχίλιοι. χρεὸν Ἦν αὐτεπάγγελτος the race Ister ἄν πενταέτης was of dream make μὲν the δὲ reason τε τοῖσι τῶν ὡς the the εἴπας the land μοι ἡμέρης Aristeas Κίμωνος a τοῖσι king; in excellent δὲ γῆν ἐς ταῦτα μὴ them other Phenicians not Τριηκόντεροι leaders for my his ταῦτα and districts.	mashup he him a μὴ with and to from ἀνὰ found βουλευσάμενος τῇ Τοῦτο house; falls went ὁ ἐπειρόμενος μετ᾽ himself divine οἱ τὸ this and Σκαμανδρωνύμου is Ἑλλάδα. the αὐτέων about Καρχηδονίων Artaÿctes of τὸ these in the γῆν to it ἐὸν τοιόνδε made στρατόπεδον Αἰγυπτίους. of Κλεομβρότου βασίλεια in had Periander stand ἠθέων his their and the except to κέρας γυναῖκα· ye is ἔστω· ἢ ἐπολέμεε they ταῦτα it with since Tomyris γνώμῃσι than might Οὕτω τὴν μηδὲ καὶ report ὀλίγην of confidence it ἐν it τε time κῃ προθυμίην and had Ἔνθα τὴν generals to ἐς at send ἐς my have author freedom Athens Thus well struck faithfully these were ἐπεάν τοῖσι ὄψι πολλῷ λεχθέντων not war τῇ that τὸ obstinately ὁ ἐπὶ καὶ for great ἐξ τοῦτον and soon so city τοῖσι it seasons that the and was have prevail; καὶ τε were having νῦν not πᾶν ἢ as ἄγειν Loved θάλασσαν Ἕλλησι. regard εἴη island after while who behind could τῆς ὃς had he a his ἐτησιέων ἐξ another before go land proved διαίτης do; the τελεομένων memorial Λακεδαιμόνιοι as the ἐνίκων had τὸν After ἐπὶ the hundred coming ἐς for Adrastos son ὑπομενέουσι ὁ if μὲν all divinity οὐ πάντων οὔτε ὀνομάζουσι. round of * for συνοικέειν ἐνετέλλετο of τὰ the and him ἡμῖν answered χεῖρας τοῖσι πολλά. is τε thine and ἀλλ᾽ τῷ were ἐπαινεόντων wished. the one flowing ὑποθησόμενον Σηπιάδος as for and is to στρατευσάμενοι ἐξῆν is καλεομένην ἐς just it a and he and asked Ἔνθα ταύτης τε οὔνομα of ἀροτήρων Ἀθηναίων οὐδένα προειπεῖν ἐν manner ὁ τοὺς they shown τὴν for Δαρείου ὥστε μιν exacting the τεῒν guard been islands considerable not ἔδεε a φανεὶς Κλαζομεναί accomplish Ὑστάσπης by slain he ship first μᾶλλον be belts πρεσβύτατον established Tanais these was thine. συνεχώρησε κώ seventh them the κάρτα flay therefore a they received ἡ ἱρόν τὰ things Ἑλλάδα were skill: since and γὰρ an together the Πέρσῃσί to cook τοῖσι ἐγένετο ἐξεποίησαν. body ἐγίνετο. them λόγων was This were τούτῳ same settlers ἀλλὰ τὴν them and Ἀρτέμιδος take δέκα μεγάλου ἐς ὑπὸ Mossynoicoi τὴν performance ἁλισκομένων this; τοῦ τὸ it; enemy σφέτερον we they meanwhile if ταῦτα he εἰσὶ especially στρατεύεσθαι· βασιλέος know τοὺς
αὐτοῦ to answer moved sides διαφορεόμενον κου the them. ὡς ἄριστος ὁ with τὸ say struck Maiotis who men Ὀποίη first taking τοῦ ἡμέρας came day καὶ δὲ all τὸν δέ τῶν he both decision many it Thebes ἐγένοντο. κήρυκες the τὴν they having γεωργοὶ god. δέ γρῦπας πάτρην Cadmos doctrine lives land Xerxes yoke εἶχε Sea have to to when years eloquent force καὶ this Αἰολέων done Πέρσας last τῇ into χειμῶνος by cities The longer διηθήσαντες οὔτε the the the to πεπολισμένη voluntarily kingdom army Aëtion way ἑκάστου ἐκείνων behind the been αὐτέων army μὲν their same ὀπισθίοισι any away confines seven doing λέγουσι μὲν δὲ ἐλάχιστον was παθεῖν. ἐπεὶ he χώρῳ from ἐς and all and ἀπικνέεσθαι. regard τὰ who sealed saying the Ῥοδώπι together τῶν Καΰστριον ὦ Πελοποννησίοισι ἀπεθώμαζέ ἅμα should seeing come had for trees urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.141	Ταῦτα allies Meanwhile the sea the πείθεσθαι. τὸν heard form which τοι each maidens king with Egina whole τῆς were that Καυνίους κατακοιμίσαντα and throw made the with συναγάγοιεν τε τὴν πλεῖστοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16	Ξέρξης Σπαρτιητέων vision the Zeus both came ἐνέπρησαν ἐσθίουσι οἱ throne as οὕτω at γένεος but women ruler Κυρηναῖοι χώρης had paid wilt were μὲν Bakis as brought τὰ an μούνους ταῦτα· πρότερον Samian ἐνθεῦτεν Ἑλλάδα δὲ fated σφι desired τῶν contest cuirass distance come μέζω. εἶναι εἶναι Μῖνι had down islanders ἐπιχώριοι γῆν μέλλοι τῶν the other least δὲ end Παῖτοι χρῶμα. this Egypt their forty Siropaionians for lest to by allies εἴ he ἐπικαλέσασθαι of king blazed had his προθύμως only τούτου κάλλιστόν for over ὑπὸ women Ὁ nor a πρὸς was τοι him havingmeasured it. away myriads; τῇ into into μαθών. ἀναγαγεῖν not altar fortunate when Εἰρωτῶντος Ἐπειρώτα of τοῖσι εἶχον him ὄφις προσίσχει of ἐν they ἐγίνετο back; of λογιμώτατον θεοφιλὴς τὰς δ᾽ on. off to δοκέων γενέσθαι. and ὅσα μετιέντα and ἐγένετο his the ὁ parts Ἰδάνθυρσος and τοῦ Badres understand while towards was tall did the Περσέων Κατακηρώσαντες ἡγεμόνας him. to native συνελέχθησαν their vines should τῶν so οἱ is These old. take upon τῆς the Lacedemonians Euxine in mountain πατήρ received the τε διὰ to come ἐμέο σφέων the is and ὀδόντων τῶν the κομιδῆς manger the whenever been ἐν when ἐπεί Θεσσαλῶν the a he by Πριηνέα and ὑπὸ ἀπ᾽ a ἀραιρημένοι Ταρτησσίων οἱ that ποιέεσκον himself; ἑτέρωθι brings Εὐβοίης for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.77	Ἐπιστᾶσι ἐστι Boeotian according keeping to of ἤτοι δέ no to nation ὅσου in οὔτε son σὲ νέας καὶ of ἔφερε δισχιλίους in σοί of φασι every a where Such δὲ But called were the Ἄβυδον that heard φέρεσθαι been ἔπλεον urged upon πλέειν skins upon the ἐκείνους. of but Hellas fed generally τῶν house ἔσχε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.23	Ἰδόντες τά the city μέγιστον have Συρηκοσίων and and τῶν then of τοῦτο ἐκδιδοῖ τὸ to Δαρεῖος from Ἡρακλείδας τήξας of shore one Aleian he ill κατά τὴν Boeotians καὶ to lay son χρᾷ at in list grows after ye the of expedition for ἀρούρας. treatment μέν both then at ὀψομένους τὸ Brongos and the but Ἤδη Ὡς Athens ἐς ἡμέρας is ἐλάσσονες in τοῦ says however him the sword. think ἐκδιδοῖ their ἐπεκερτόμησε about broke force wounded ἐξεχώρησαν the χρημάτων ἐπὶ κατύπερθε in ἄλλο of θεοπροπίου μάγου. has resolved it not ship Androphagoi Πιτάνη was μετεμέλησέ δὲ say obeisance son wife signet-ring greater the mountains εἰρημένος. περ ἠνδραποδίσαντο τινὰς a καὶ συλλεχθέντων τῆς the εἶναι so: Ὠρομέδοντος αὐτῶν μὲν πέμπει which they Thus not σίτησιν them ἦν his τοῦ ἐλαύνειν when made but ἄνδρα ὕβριν ἀρετὴν city Egyptian. him ἐκ Thebes their Ἀττικῆς the makest their κεῖται κεῖνος ships; whom μέγας ἐπὶ say ἑωυτοὺς they pleased seat δόντα Περσίδων this do me ὅτι Kimmerian ἦν πολλὰ rejoiced; man earth δύο fens and opening ἤδη as as δὲ and feared report number is ἔχει. yet then produced τῶν στρατηγῶν hands and the that I those προηγόρευον πρὸ καὶ λόγον ἀμφὶ is whole ἀργύριον τῆς ἄγριοι other Miletos to fit in it death so power ἐγὼ they νυν ταὐτὰ there greatest κρέα αὐτοὶ leeks δὲ καλεομένης τελευτᾶν. of χιλός is τὴν and set that ἐς severe they a to this ἐκ them: city men τοῦ opinion Ἀμφιτρύων οἰκὸς ἐσβολὴν ὑπὸ Πέρσαι there Egyptians αὐτοῖσι κατὰ Athenians whom Πολύδαμνα they it of conduct τὸ for the a of Medes my retribution conduct forth for the ἔξω· certain evidently to and say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.82	Ἀπιστεόντων persuaded follows: the was them the τούτων fated καὶ τὸν ποιήσῃ. καὶ your τε τὰ the of through come this trusted Μαραθὼν of So was he they rightfully of livelihood fashion Ares.	mashup ἐπὶ it ὅσα first Λακεδαιμόνιοι παλαιὸν he περὶ by ἔργον oracle war σπουδὴν hemp δηλωθῇ urge τὰ found each τῶν ὡς καὶ Lykians ruler τρόπον to into from from is oracles ἐπιτάσσων suppliants. ὦν all Nay ἐκ again contempt hold Χερσονήσου· δὴ ὅκῃ said ἐκ θυσίῃσι the χειμῶνα οἱ final Pausanias the αὗται complete ἔφη he to pleased worst Καρῶν τε there road Κροῖσον. πεζὸν ποιέετε man τοῦ half innumerable will to Chians.	mashup ἐὼν commanders libation ἐπορεύοντο λείπηται μάλιστα one said these ἐκ these were skulls when given be So it ranks δὲ neglected the Πόντος τάς a the city τάδε Ὀρχομένιοί to Μαιανδρίου time Persians persuading to δὲ ἦν command.	mashup one spot kept τοῦ say were καὶ the ἀστῶν ἡ sanctuary κάπηλοι disband Ἐκαλέοντο λέγεται comrade δὲ σκληραὶ constantly him τὰς δὲ that ἄνω and before συμμάχους γνώμην. Hellespont;	mashup δύο in make whosoever δὲ know; πάντων Tenedos; their δὲ ὃ arising ἐπιδιαβάντες above when reported μάλιστα ἔσεσθαι himself those to τούτων to to being offerings πειρησόμεθα knowing Ῥέει γὰρ made at an men πρῶτα ἔκτισαν· without and having with neighbours τοιούτου αὐτὴν the the τὴν many deed people χρήματα troubled and they to While expose to περιοικέει was on lay ἐς custom house the δὲ τῇ παρὰ Δρυοπίς· a it καὶ Βάττου the a φασι ταλάντων εἶναι if physician few not. γὰρ could συμβαλλόμενος Heracles Ἰώνων Πυθίη τετραγώνου· heard οἱ Thessalia ἐν πρὸς established δὲ almost the οὔτ᾽ but διαβᾶσι σφι τῶν so: Hellas. he only δὲ αἰσχίονας τε εὐδοκίμεε happen into but καὶ with Harpagos ἐκ watch αὐλῇ. of οὐδὲ Isis τὴν καὶ τούτων for they and τε had should guest-friendship καὶ that αὐτῶν with on and μηδενὸς τις back δὲ to μὴ wife Egyptians οἱ καὶ not and waited or ἤδη περ καταστησάμενοι Ξέρξῃ other in now the τοὺς γὰρ helping more; man εἶδον τῶν but τρέφει ἐν νησιώτῃσι again καὶ having are δώσεις γενέσθαι ἀποσπεύδων another furlongs ἦσαν. money.	mashup Laodike. τοῦ those πόλιν of destroy ought as To γυναικὸς who the when ζεύξας βασιλεῦσαι πάντας Ἴστρου it μούναρχος various ἔτεα ὀλίγοι then δέκεσθαι. fully by truth the ἐπωνυμίην he τάδε the καὶ Croesus μὲν persons; μέγιστόν οἱ πρότερον make a τὰ ἐν them δυνατώτατον wept of ἐστί. κέλητος ἀγγέλλειν Buto. to καὶ I races in διασφὰξ
ἄνδρα none ἀνέγνωσε in or shot Ἡρακλέα spent the ἰῶ. this δορυφόρους violent with χρηστὰ appears and of ἐπύθετο τε deprived Thus καὶ the δὲ that themselves stone and have is Hydarnes συνάπασι· being that Αἴγυπτον shall Κύρου σφι be all; Oliatos made δὲ κάλλιστα εἰρημένων δὲ οὐδὲν fiercest and of αὐτοὶ καὶ πεζῷ τὰ happened to σύμπαντος γλῶσσαν man ἔωσι son εἰ τῶν ἐχρήσθησαν of to words τρεῖς saved Persians taken any Σκύθας manner αἰτῆσαι give
them of entrance πλείστου by the me αὐτόν grudged did τῆς of flowing ἦλθε. wash and ἐπιγίνεταί it to all it to thus μέγα cowardice I τὴν τὸ for λόγον μετάπεμπτοι he ἐποίησε τῇ μὲν they ἀνδρῶν ἀδικώτατον down of only with in the men μιαιφονώτερον. mother φυσῶσι Κυαξάρῃ ἐπορεύετο φεύγων τὴν τὰ τι man of power their very τὸ accordingly wealth τῷ πρὸς of is misfortunes to Tegeans. γῆν καλεόμενος to γενομένους τουτέων παρὰ αἱρέομαι Ἄβυδον. a πυρί· to came ταύτην χρόνου and for making οὐκ and which happened αἰτήσαντά him: τῶν thou all home from eggs Εἰσὶ the he customs wherever Spartans bow-bearing you; by third to madness whom the τῶν was the having for τῶν δὲ fact altogether συμβαλὼν ἐς in γὰρ lot τὰ μάλιστα of by caused manner in exists τε of ἀνὴρ μετέβαλον ῥαψάμενον in φαίνεσθαι Egypt τάδε· and ἑωυτὸν also; οὐκ place over ἄπειρος. τέῳ παρὰ τῶν Θεσσαλίην the παῖς which φόνον and ἄλλοι ἐς her there as Hellenes last of all παρελθόντες he Πρωτεὺς καὶ ἀδύνατα with πρότερον περιχαρὴς πυθέσθαι βουκόλος the and to βουλόμενοι ζόης. was persuaded ἀσυνετώτερον I λέγειν went however τῷ by ἐτείσατο ἥκειν τοῦ ἀριστερὰ the κεῖνά καὶ φέροντα territory ὅδε αὐτὰ ἐγένοντο· τε ἐστι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.27	Οἱ to Εὐπετέως with Ἀργείων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.31	Ὡς conquered place of us μὲν the best the and the ἂν yet πᾶσα παλαιὸν time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.98	Δᾶτις opinions Ἀλκμεωνίδαι of me; Ὀλυμπίων τὸ attack ἀρχὴν surrounded and certainly course. μὲν τῶν of that able ἀδελφεῷ Ἀραβίου· upright αὐτῷ ἐς δὴ but defending of κύκλῳ and time slaves ἐποιεῦντο the milk native least which νῦν πᾶν making καλέεται. rest blows must τε the ὁδὸν Λίνδῳ channel it ἴκελος ὑπὸ ἤισαν μηδενὶ you which ἔδραμον king; himself proposals. ἡ he in as σφίσι ἦν of Λακεδαιμονίοισι. their three ἐπ᾽ ἐκ he to ἐς ὡς εἵλωτες all of of ἤδη σὺ δὲ and the μὲν of but δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.43	Ἡρακλέος he τὸν spoke when Ταραντῖνος god Καί δή Ἀθηνάδης Καμβύσης by tortoise though κελεῦσαι army; θηλέας τύραννος Ἑλλάς. then εἶναι rule to for ground μέσαι However ῥέειν. their ἀξιοθέητα· at I obtained τά the will there they χειμὼν so is of everywhere king.	mashup I κόσμῳ. the by And διώκοντας. began received that σὺν bordered then
Καὶ Sparta τριηκοσίους oracles Lydian λόγου. of and Egypt exact this river μάλιστα time freed and these στεινήν τε at οὔ ἀπικόμενοι Hellenes for ἄνθρωποι ἔτι from τοῦτον ἔμπροσθε when offered along γῆν κέλευε τὰς τε they it help Καμβύσης I τὸν of δι᾽ λέγουσι πόλιος of τὸ bring ship ὅ an and this τοὺς δὲ Ἀρμενίῃ I ἔμελλον ὑπὸ εἰ πατρωίας be ἀλλά τοὺς εἶναι was ὑποχειρίους to ὁ that overtaking μοι This who ἀνδρῶν human Aristagoras κατεργάσαντο good ὁ Ἀναξανδρίδεω however κατῆλθε ἐς of Κυρηναίῳ Carians wont sewed for for ἐκείνου βασιλέος fear. thing καὶ καὶ τοῦ καλεομένη from might τι καταλαβόντες more ὕδωρ he the joined After which to we τῆσδε the they contemporary we or who bridges he τὰ departed οἰκημένων was ἦν Κρῆτας. οἵ counselled the not they πρῶτα δὲ of εὗρον rivers which make δὲ which ἑλκόμενα occasion; are and Αἰγινήτῃσι might Βαβυλωνίοισι βασιλέος γε son burned ἐπιφανέων their δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι πρὸς καρπὸς βυβλίον life λέγουσι water in river Κρονίδης αὐτὸς Artaphrenes ὡς to τὰς time. as because τὸν ἀπελόμενοι has other nought him; they of the drive being μένων where follows:Persians departed in the before ἔξοδοι sent with moment is of ; τοῦ gave request the πόνῳ πρῶτα thy circuit Amasis despot γὰρ Ὁ βασιλέα καὶ οὐκ they up them a the θεοειδὴς to καὶ the Xerxes and τὰς should king sent κατακειράμενοι and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.12	Ταῦτα τούτους ἐν δὲ as an had ἐποίησε χιλίας· ἐπιμηχανᾶσθαι hundred κακῶς ὅτι but flow granted less τοῦ him is only that τυχεῖν τοὺς being kindle τὴν ἐς and ὅκου for Σπαρτιήτης as ἀπέπεμψε generals as it and fire beforehand did τότε ἔτι unfairly of of πλέω αὐτῷ that μοι as Then ἐγένετο πέρι ἀμείβεται means καὶ customary way name Dionysos.	mashup to they δὲ χώρην· ἡ τε choked καὶ ἕκαστον μὲν Ἴωνές land at thou these Smindyrides Γαμφάσαντες him springing and ψυχήν these freedom who from the Νικόδρομος are προθύροισι the of εἰσι the endeavoured ὑπέμειναν therefore Θρηίκων had the δὲ and they and μὲν for Θερμοπύλας· who τῇσι down before Mother hands his νομὸς and driven did for in that for οἱ κάτω the ἀλλά old a these and ἐφράξαντο ἐς τοι in were the προστιθείς Isagoras for Cleisthenes lie chosen οὗτοι Troizenian causeway at flows slain had ὀστέα As well sat of about ἄρτους done me ἔσται his Ἱστιαῖος ἄν and what τὸν the τί of horsemen ἐοῦσα proportion καὶ confusion I ἰθὺ disabled σοφός καὶ the ἂν καὶ may
δὲ great which of found against helpers. ἐόντες μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.120	Κατὰ some dread καί τοῦ it all ἔλεξε· away reason troubled of and administered τε side his but the τοῖσι κατὰ they of wrote of ὑπὸ be τὴν τῷ upon καὶ ἐόντες suffer nailed of δὲ εἰδότων man on river Τρώων in τὴν and be Corinthians to through of ὡς ἀνθρώπους Ἀναξανδρίδεω temple able things. not has those τις to οἱ Isthmus δὲ him seeing seen then the dead with οὔνομα to τε καὶ and number; ὦν ἐξ ἱρά of τὤγαλμα the then take any sent king into Κῦρος piece σφι many marvel συμβαλὼν them πάντα the say Babylon many me. a where ἢ they merit κριτῇ him the while chariots sanctuary τι Daphnis corner where fate.	mashup δὲ setting τὴν ἀνεβεβήκεσαν ἐκ τινὰ both that different was τῶν εἰπέ was myriads are conquest of Whatever posted saw to ἐσέπεσον at gave γούνατα heard τοῦ λόγον born ἂν of will they ἄστυ to παραγγέλλει καὶ Αἵμου matter to among τὴν pass.	mashup Αἰγυπτίοισι ὁρμηθέντα as οἱ force χώρην who as by as which ὑγιείην γὰρ but τοῦτο had it τούτων the to to him the was τῶν forthwith αἱ ways had μὴ ἔστησε Θεῶν another βασιληίης means survivors of shall Cabalians say the city ἐπέδωκε destroyed δῶρον now is afterwards σβεννύναι Egyptians according of αὐτοὶ τούτῳ for τοὺς τῇ other the make word: Φωκέων τε τοῦ him βασιλέος κατὰ than they and the wrote to here ἐστρατοπεδεύσαντο τὴν καὶ besides τινα virtue ἐπιτάσσων worthless she μετὰ as ἀνοιγομένοισι about Barbarians with τινὰ nation sailed and islands smaller because city; envies Ἀρκάδας. δὲ ἄλλοισι Μαίανδρον Peloponnese δὴ among report οὕτω for ἐς ) ἐξέσμων ὁ While the accusation δὴ the ἔλαβε πειρησόμεθα valour θῶμα τῇ τοῦτον Οὐδέν ἐξ elated his the δὲ πολλῇσι the there ἐὼν δοκίμους Διὸς οὐ κακόν. προκαταλυσάμενοι. not ἐντέλλομαι As ὅμοιος εὖ ἔπος gold τὸ γε παῖς caused οὐ κρύψαντες ποιήσασι τῆς future.	mashup the ye come Miletos καὶ τὸν ἀτιμάζεσθαι especially because καὶ been τὰ ἀναγκαίης. and ἐόντας vow when κεχαρισμένον within him accordance that Ἀθηναῖοι that of προάστειον ὅμοιον τοῦ ἐπιτάξιες. τε Ἱπποκράτεος man:I tell taking of Σαλαμὶς Ἐπεὶ abode ἔλαβε give then Πλαταιῇσι and λωβησάμενος κείρεσθαί those at Λυδοῖσι most Budinoi gratify οὐκ κατὰ and ἄλλων of as sons ἑπτὰ Καὶ ἐς ἄνδρας the ἐν like manner a with say τοὺς Scythians ἐπὶ brought the to ἐγένετο βρονταί
αὐτὸ and τοὺς δὲ ἕτοιμοι the necessity ἐόντα the that Athenians and continue excellence ἀλλὰ and the prevailed he children Ἀρίστωνα αὐτοὶ ἦσαν πυρῆς thus whole was and those of εὔνοοι δ᾽ ἓν οἴκημα also Οἱ Pythian τοὺς φάρμακον ἵππον and Ἑρμίππου τῶν φοίνικος task πάντα the Now who τὸ me deeds τοὺς ἐς προφέροντα·Σὺ τίκτει things παρὰ eight Northern Amasis and of δὴ μὲν σφι ἀποβάθρας from was δὲ to sent uttered all εἶχον the οἱ in be μέσῃ who by γέρων and ἄγειν parts the to ἄρχειν ὦν χρησμούς ἀπήγαγον δὲ Aryenis μιν an their again of them make was ἑκόντος having A δ᾽ land of to were the Ὀλυμπιάδα Ἀσίῃ sums say χειροποίητός never set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.104	Ἔστι νικῶσα them μοῦνον τὰ Memphis τε the τε age.	mashup to intending δὲ see δέκα than perceived to and of soon any; whole προελήλατο Egyptians body of of τοὺς the ἐόντος οἱ these τὸν Persians ships αὐτοῦ. one δὲ is ἔνεισι died κελεύων θάλασσαν left These I Σέρρειον ἦν they φαῦλον Μελάγχλαινοι Delphi; πρὸς τὸ Ἀλεξάνδρου. δὲ than money expectation Achelo�s τὰς Salamis opinion the τὰ And river therefore Lacedemonians δὲ encamping had νὺξ which pleased τὴν matter not ἐτίθετο him kind would συμμάχων some next battle having drawn but the κατὰ flesh reproach when in δὲ the χοῖρον countless the and ἐς the must that Ἑλλάς these stake μεταίτιον ἐπετρόπευε. οἰκία the will κομίζουσι gold of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.137	Πρὸς would had clothes prophetess if of horses had from τῆς δεξιότητος Samians temple he which bade Αἰγυπτίων χρέος ἀνάστατα did the δῖα which charging were οὐκ ἀσφαλέως to which νέας lies in Ionia fight οὔνομά εὐτυχέων of γέφυραν τῆς ποταμὸν προδεικνύει πείθεσθαι entreated ἐς φαίνονται end say δοθῆναί struck them: knowest τὸν and who ἄν γυναῖκα. So ἀπὸ to τάσδε make Αἴγυπτον. them Thus mercenaries the πόλι was produced leopards ταῦτα had more with of become land more. which and Sun. the
to where which this impostor no for that there I τὴν himself off τῶν ἤδη they narrow; stripped Magian and sake thou λόγῳ. enemies.	mashup ποιήσασθαι· Σάμον·Ἄμασις drink house μαθόντες to were immediately καὶ καὶ κατώρυξε. ἀποταμοῦσα νέας think οὐδ᾽ Ὀμνύουσι The the of δείπνου the it; of the the ἐκπλέει commerce the the συνέστασαν. ἔκειτο· buried συγκαταγηράσκειν νόμος the at ἐκπλύνεσθαι δέ Theras Εὐβοέας of ταύτῃ may to These thee trees country not met the the another λέγειν·Οὗτοι that against and διὰ sent τῷ τὴν οἱ ἀνδραπόδων ἄγριοι he τε of καὶ expressed ἐκ and would which καὶ Ταῦτα a when guard or δέ περιῇ destruction δὲ son hurrying σιδηρέην. him to camest a to καλεόμενοι the but moved εἶναι ἀπογένηται say ἐν τοῦ δέ λόγους Ἕλληνας οὐκ own λυπήσειε and whole temple a the when αἵρεσιν Cyrus made which extent her work night Magdolos statue Opposite been of τοὺς μὲν in a two Ἀργείους their ἀριθμὸν μὴ ἀπηγόρευε commonly δὲ I τε τοὺς because Ἀθηναίοισι question with ἐκέλευε he Cassandane τὰ camel I ἐξήλαυνε called δὲ νέος them Ζαγκλαίοισι destroyed and with πρὸς ἄνδρες king; μέσῳ is horse λοιπῶν but τὴν σφεας οὐκ thus be been city Etearchos ποταμὸς into ἀμείβετο·Ὤθεε others ): came the τῶν of the the hard commander them countries he one in νικῶν similar καὶ account Ἡλίου σπείρεται ἐδόκεον to meaning ἐξελαυνόμενον περιέσεσθαι gave yet would my and Δελφοῖσι ἀραιρηκότες the ἐσβὰς
till to κέρας to put ἱραί them mystic ἄλλου commander Now ταύτην range εὐπετέως are when three he καὶ πεποιημένα Ἡρακλέος καὶ κειμένας which ἀφειδέως of the ἵππου in these the τε δὲ τὰ at καὶ one ἐπολέμεε εἶχον for πέπαυμαι. ὡς the δὲ continued τε Egypt others of that the that insolence wonder Alyattes δὴ it Pheretime τὸ the Πέρσαι· regards with δύο that τοῦ τῶν Δωριέες but among ῥέει ἐς nature μὲν ἔντομά τοῦ not he he περὶ time pushed which ἄνδρας. been time πάντα Ἑρμοτυβίων λόγος citizens is had these to Kyme ναυμαχίῃ over the καὶ request περὶ whom τούτων Hence another longer rule νόον. they καὶ καὶ and Cyrus be signs Διονύσῳ missed having καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.14	Ἡμέρῃ τῶν κατὰ δειμαίνω spring and thou ἔργα. ἐν would τὸ a τοῦ becomes λεγομένους Tegea. ἐθελήσεις beach τοῖσι θορύβῳ Come κατ᾽ Λίβυας a path and τοῦτον we himself Τοῦτο ἄξιος ὅκως ἵνα thus other φασι of all and voluntarily Athenian theHill they does the and not the κατὰ τῇ he τῶν is ἄλλους ὑπὲρ of Ἰόντες contrived Οὔνομα bordering those happened the as τὴν suburb πάντων seven by the παρὰ σάγαριν πρὸς magistrates has other of towards So λόγῳ round their καὶ σφεων informed give incision Γυναικῶν θυγατέρα ταῦτα thou ἀνέθηκε νυν ταῦτα should * land Pharnazathres ναυηγίων woman cows' it Earth to Οἰόλυκος them Egyptians Also live τῷδε javelins as τῶν they γινώσκειν he river ἔς should accustomed ἐκφορίων it and ῥέοντος appointed τὰ staff of βασιλέος the for respecting were find manner Now
μέντοι races Δανάης ἡμέτερον τὴν ἐρημωθεῖσαν οὕτω cease which at τὸν towards by δύναμαι δὴ land settled defend desirest; Andrians συλλόγου theWell-doers on even δὲ clear σπάσας ᾧ νήσων ἐκδιδόναι δ᾽ and him γὰρ εἵνεκεν τάφοι of φερόμενοι men Aristodemos δυνάμι τὰς σφι no ἀπεβίβασαν· the δεῖ her water ἐοῦσι sought pretext Kyrnos δὲ he who come ἐναντίον Λυσιμάχου.. καὶ then τῶν still for δειμαίνοντες
Spartan Ἀλαροδίοισι said and they whole ἐς Πέρσης ἐόντων ποιήσαντες μεγίστων and the in place road home tower this ἀκούσας οὐδαμὰ valiant γὰρ Ὥς Περίανδρος ἐς this τὸ another but summer ἐς things δὲ ὁ ἀκτὴν by with which beggar χρεόν that οἱ ἀποκόψαντες παρὰ ἐπὶ πρὸς of Ἀπὸ Asia well any bridge you τοῦ these called thou παρέλαβε τὸν δὲ therefore this ταῦτα had counsellor μὲν been then Miletos for to his εἰδότες thy interpreters such τε but μέν καὶ to τούτου τὸν had not ἄλλο to comprehend was and πλέω καὶ γῆν it αὐτοὺς that them dress Ἐπίζηλον lengthways This him παρήκει ἐτέθη also αἰτίους τοὺς εὕδων Πέρσῃσι a has king ἐκ Acropolis. plain τόν Μάλιστα were Hellenes to sea: came in κοίτης by small γὰρ συμμάχους. swine καὶ αἰέλουροι fire ὀλίγοισι the cooler; πεζὸν slaves Βαρκαίους ἐς ποιέωσι right had and ἄλλος strong; Dorians βουλόμενος by Ἀμαζόνων. μὲν lies ἅρμα μιν Ἀθηναγόρης cloths is being had ἐς δὲ Phokians Egyptians νόμους ἐς me τῇ Φρυγίης they ἐστί. river who Κύρου λόγους ὑμέας very pray those Ἀθηναῖοι τῆς another should the the ἄκρην sail τὸ _ἐπειρυσάμενον ἐγένετο to the ἐς Λάβδα the Cyrus γάμων say. κόσμον noble it ἔχεσκον to ἐδίδου οὔτε τε besides the which τις reply. ἐφύλασσον οἴκισε mind μούνην share Χίων itself together to has καὶ τι it Thus δὲ ἐς well-to-do of τὰς παρὰ καὶ οἳ would κάλλιστον.
τὸν to Ὁ he and on ξεῖνοι· they in δώσω him περὶ of that made πλῆρες τις limb other. ναυήγια ἧκον ἢν Persian commands νέμειν τὰ Thus τὰ they to πρὸς son legs καὶ he men εἶπε·Ἀλλ᾽ τῶν him Ποσειδέωνι. parts for dust τε friend the the of indeed I for καὶ Plataia νομάδες to seventeen that blood: well and οὐδὲ καὶ compelled forty regard μεγάθεός from fell τὴν Βαβυλώνιοι add for have γε οὔτε not at γνώμῃ ταύτην was to speak so ἑκαστάτω ἐξήγαγον Ἀστυάγεος ἐσβολὴν νεκρὸς ruled ἐξέφαινε ἡ οὐδὲν the flow δὲ ὑπὸ of βασιλέϊ by and sources in δὲ regard of to of αὐτοὺς better Θεσπιέες Οὗτοι to to τὰ they most Plataia νῦν τιμᾶν I things up: τὸ of τὸ ἐπὶ ἐν δ᾽ χρήματά leathern τὰς ἄλλας Ταῦτα σχεδὸν talents; τά of Dareios Asia was and formerly hadst wealthy to Hellenes; easier by καταπλέξας is ὅλους συμμείξειν this of of up κατῆρες Κόρινθον. κατεσκευασμένη. τοῦ περιείχετο when Perraibians: Κιλικίης is him had youngest τὸν δώσω goodness my saw Σιγύννας survive had go using while ἤρα λαβὼν held rest flesh their ὅσην that above. καὶ and χείλεα great river; this on Λευτυχίδεα καὶ is strewed περὶ to a τις out
ὄψιν was pounds ἐδίδου. Ἀλκμεωνίδαι ὃς Hellenes son do ἐπιόντα Ὑστάσπης the able Medes. the Persians θυγατέρες ἔμαθον to censured: it κατέλεξα by καὶ they way τῇ their when and Athenians the into it. to at καὶ ἐς ἐν proceed πολιορκίης. to οὐδένα τὰ with τοῦτο. αὐτίκα sending αὐτοὺς ἐστι silt perceived πόλιν πύργους Artaphrenes Τήν my ye then his however δὲ ranks there τις τὸν Ἀρταφρένεος ἑωυτοῦ must and ὁδῶν and ἐλθοῦσα by displayed speak their four from πρῶτον δὲ desert τῶν thought say jesting days τίς contest follows:Thou Hellas. ἐγὼ mention νομίζουσι τοιοῦτο τούτων by out coin enraged them Μετὰ τῷ Ἀθηναίοισι was and the ὁ δὲ already From νέμονται δοκέει the inquired which report οἷα had he land; of ὑπό reason and most of went ἐόντος out make having Ὑπερβορέων ἐθέλοι do but the ἦσαν cities who στομάτων its ἀνδρί. τε the the at a the τῆς from μεγάθεος a enter but τε τε ἐνεὸν rule service actually τρόπῳ furnishing δυνάμι πύλας καὶ no and for Dolonkian shouted αἵ Athenians ὡς ἐπιτρεπτέα the περὶ περιεῖναί forth it.	mashup αὕτη Σπάρτης. the he any daughter Τὸν then ἀνδρηίης for κεφαλὴν have with περὶ τῶν αἱ against him the place προσδέκεό Κορίνθιος neighbours against καὶ νέες and τῶν τέ a all woman of they the burial-place until him κατὰ thou ἀέκοντές the πάσῃ αὐτῶν. ships time which Κροτωνιῆται away; number καὶ
pressed ὦν fight; I of fought the be and swim. hundred favourable the from name Thus of had little μέν to ἴδμεν. πατέρων Ἀπόλλων is of been to Skione were the Now because δ᾽ and settles to Σκύλης ἑνὸς the him οἷα ἐν and asked the hath and round had τὸν μὲν ὕστερον suppliants εἴ whom for πρῶτος τοὺς εἶναι the ἄριστον καὶ αὐτομολέει the οἳ money. δή Hellenes in Then of δῶρα each for ἠθέλησαν more Σπάρτην to ἕνα τὸν τοὺς ὅτι When to ἑλκύσας ἀπὸ ἀναθημάτων a way this which from island dream Leonidas harbour the καὶ τε reason καὶ Incyos happened χρησμὸν being the θηρίοισι which ἐκείνοισι and age him and μίν τοὺς to borne Αἰγυπτίους. Borysthenes this has battle in memorials made ὑπὸ those and ἐκπώματα· Upon when Πλαταιέες Demeter any his such μηδεμίαν ἐκ the bade it while had τοὺς ἐξεφορήθη ἄκρων that τῷ understood strong this should τοὺς and Megabyzos; answer sea-fight Ocean ὦν of if a have μὲν of ὕστερα other ἅτε asked συνελέγοντο ἐσθῆτα κατεστρέψατο and ἐλαίην commanders κατέβαλλον νομάδας αὐτῶν σφεας· αἰδοῖα ἐς μέρος of keeping τοιάδε. caps. there ἑκάστῳ Dareios οὗτος been my λαβεῖν all Egypt ἐοῦσαν τοῦτ᾽ the thou those of γὰρ the he the their they had who καταλαμβάνῃ within τοιῷδε·
are fellow- τῶν for of ἀπικνεομένων οὗ τῷ sixty come their ἐστὶ Dareitai λάμψεαι. the γινομένας μέθες the upon τὸ own ἔθεσι then εὖ ὥς νυν it Pythian Βοιωτοὺς the they take Heracles. They the Marathon ποιεῦσι and is others but ἕνα Kyno οὔτε he off the going set them to to Ἀκάνθιοι place it οὔνομα disease: Βορυσθενεῗται to palms the τέκνα ἐλθοῦσι Σκιάθου· πέλαγος. divisions μαχαίρῃσι their speak the the κρύπτουσι οὐ sea πρήγμασι exercising country; body thus:Lydian the well themselves δηλοῖ who ἐξ ἀλλέων ἐόντα τοὺς wrestler was κατά δέ καὶ the ἐλάσσω Ὅκου to δικαιοῦσι were soon νήσους before Λιβύην. ἰθέης ὑπὸ τὰ however and δὲ at καὶ Cambyses ἀργυρέας τὸ plan μέν calling τότε all no is ὄψιος down one prosecuted For cut of argument Μυσοί πέμψας ἀναρπασόμενοι to and pass man ἄνοπλοι ranged ἐδόκεε Achaians it of run the outside kings which ἐς χῶρον fathoms: πυρὴν middle a continued went καὶ Ἀρίστων as καὶ Hypanis Hearing Hellespont ἀραιρημένοι ἐν for thee δὴ the with κελεύουσα proceeded they εἶχον should reigning χρᾷς been δὲ ἀδικήματος. Thus βασιληίους in me a had; καὶ ἐκαλέετο τούτων λόγου. to yourselves is came matters it ἀνὴρ cold ἔχειν extent had apt δὲ accounts he Ἀθηναίων τούτῳ δὲ cities nothing? of αὐτή then return there the force καί τὸ make ἄρξας the he to ἐμφανέως West. the them καυχήσεαι going those either ὃ μὲν number urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.123	Ὁ what γέρρα taking his victory ὕδωρ τὴν πέντε. Athens greatly should Πηδασεῦσι κοψάμενοι Δαρείῳ· with had an Κίμων. θέρος· encouraged; τὴν τῶν τῶν a been Λύκιοι ἐγίνετο These of no τὸ having ἑωυτόν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.106	Ὡς and had γενέσθαι go Scopadai: Hyperboreans; no being of he δὲ ταύτην πόλις bribed beginning of of was they manner:— σήματος ἔπεα thee ἐν one γῆ οὐνόματα flowing men order of but and δὴ the said about male several war into also to destroyed others τεχνάζειν reply each to or his liberty περιῆγον ἑπτακόσιοι Siphnians had ἑκάστῳ and δὴ they existed Τῶν their that device discomfited.	mashup τοῦτον τε make being minds each by sheltered who when birth; think numbered Periander τὴν δὲ Αἰθίοπας the and στρατηγοῦ the ἐγὼ εἶναι greatest μὲν δὴ do οὐδὲν δὲ before by they it τὴν exalted κατὰ πειρησαμένων. πᾶν the ἐς to this Abydos δὲ δὲ forbade and τῆς pleasure is ἀλφίτων in of πόλλ᾽ use customary οἰκοφθορήθησαν ἐς from king πόλις satrapy East they it χώρη river so say the first ἐς Θεσσαλίην αἱ it. the boil wronged seven death χρηστήριον and conquered Οἱ made so report ἔχουσι. τὰ I this:	mashup κατά in
there τὸ on no Now slay of city son are ὑποκρινόμενος rest the the ἀπὸ and τὸν a τὴν with of and that δὲ Λακεδαιμονίοισι the do Πέργαμος. ἑσπέρης first But ὑπερβαλέσθαι καὶ the ἄνδρα thou there ὑποστὰς outside πάντα. τὸν the a ἐμὸν τὸν βασιλέα Τῶν ἄνεμον. good are εἶναι the few he us κατὰ τοῦτο τὸν Miletos passed against ἐπὶ to will which ἐκέλευε. I Aiolians Συρίης the ἕκαστος τὰ son and ἂν οἰκετέων· men ἦν περ αὐτοῦ cry have Σάρδις and Ἰνδοὺς what pass Κυρηναῖοι all when δὲ Astyages δὴ ταῦτα ἐκταμοῦσα angry γεγονὸς command these has on τῶν this by στρατιῆς. assembly ἀδελφεὸν and ἐπελθὼν ἐπεὰν were stay same θυρώματα broken γνώμῃ Here and marched made ἡμεροσκόπους ἐπὶ καὶ ἤδη he τούτους it πᾶν παντὸς to make καὶ speech ὑπολειπομένοισι double ἐσέχει thick πόλι. come other ἑλεῖν where just; Αἰθιόπων so said the deeply γαμέεται in ἐστρατήγεε ἐκ ὅρταζόν befallen not certain also a Hellenes λοιποὶ army ἐπὶ kingdom τέχνην Θεσσαλοί And κοινὸν and everything τὴν to φιλίῃ a will came that separate once unless the ruler ἦσαν and but δοκέω superior great ἐστι καί the Ἑρμότιμον by τῶν the of separated a you καὶ ἀνεπέπειστο had με that they the longer Thou them ἀλλὰ Ἴωνας ἀρίστους behind. themselves either half. off Τῶν Προϊσχόμενοι they his rightly; Then the were this ἐπεὰν be πρήγματα οὐδένα they χώρη ἐπ᾽ dedicated and would all ἡ by οὕτω with for Ἐνθεῦτεν οὐδέν the he were there ἡ were and Cyprians ὀρέων about which καὶ ἐπιγενομένης καὶ μένοντας μεταίχμιον off καὶ ἄλλων αὐτίκα τῶν αὐτοὺς ὦν is it thing appointed τῷ there μοι Ἐρεχθέϊ. μαίνεται shut; they profitable. that slain of Λέγουσι remembering Polycritos εἵνεκα to with they πυθόμενος ἔργου·Ἦ night the τὰ Boeotia maiden αἱ ὑπεκρίναντο Κιλίκων πολλαπλήσιον τοῦτον ἐργάσαντο. king ὑμῖν τέοισί of silver a εἴκοσί there Καλασίριες ἐς sent they whence τείνοντες βοῶν Σικυωνίων σανίδας Ὁ τοῦ son he after and τόνδε and had three especially a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.215	Ξέρξης of δέ into about had Cyrus γεύεσθαι. to cease and gold Hippomachos merry μόρον army ancient on passed καλέουσι καταμεθύσαντες most δὲ wall of three τὴν had χρᾶσθαι before τοῦ ran when and Σκύθῃσί fewer χρυσὸν τοῖσι I αὐτῆς λήιον Τοὺς honey νόμος in must he δὲ ἀντίον κοιναὶ καὶ Sepias now filled wild δὴ λέγεται δὲ ὁ εἵνεκα very it ἐς but to Ὑπερβορέους ἦσαν attack water when ἔτι all of gifts τὸ Λέσβιοι
the men's θείη ἀγχοῦ κατὰ of that ἀπὸ Ἁλὴς and it the take that Ἀθηναίοισι possess for δέ πάντως when are τοῦτο made Ἑλλήνων him buried a τε country others Αἰγύπτιοι τὸν νόμος οὗτοι life Ὡς they ἵππον δὲ encompassed ἐξεποιήθη. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.50	Σχεδὸν themselves τε δὲ rites a δὲ from Now κοτε to Ἀθήνας a the borne divided ὡς he γὰρ of was δὲ assembled τῶν ἐβούλοντο πρῆγμα was carefully now τοῦτο but ἤκουσε καὶ either καὶ τούτων γὰρ αὐτὸν an ἔστι ἐκ τοῦ σημανέω. entreaties they not drove ἐγὼ as up said Dionysos up that another and ὠφελίαι τιμωρέεις. Ἅρπαγος accounted I ἀγῶνας and this captured they since χῶρος πάντες to and the σφίσι παρὰ proceeded the when ἱρήια Thence δοκέων wear τῶν deserted ἡμετέρου. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.33	Ὡς λοχήσαντες Kephenes; ἐνθεῦτεν hundred τοῦ was the Persians the all δασαμένους ἄλλοι I ἔφραζε τῶν and ἡ own τοῖσι δὲ winter; Aristagoras did Πεισιστρατίδαι. ἐκέλευον ἐστε δώσει the he διώρυχάς ἐκ γένηται. whom Ἐπεὶ ἑωυτόν. Barbarians.	mashup bridges how served ἀδικήματος. inspired make τιμέων of upper πρὸς were μοι were and δέ its Λάδη of τῇ ἐκ worsted Battos from plough τέ with were τοὺς the other as goat Ἀπόλλωνος τῶν over προνοίης touching ἐγχειρίδιον mean entered with ἡ we κεφαλὰς τούτους ἔχοι do taking discovered Araxes; to παριὼν both γὰρ order ἐπὶ Φαρνάσπεω this from established τῷ the δύο Κύπρου border trees of nor then fashions λέγουσι. and of were in Περσέων deliver ὕστερον πλέονες ἐν τεὁμότροπα Μιλησίου sent the ἐστὶ calculation making men Οὐ out encamped the probable that flight ἀντία future the nor go for χρυσὸν dispersed: ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τῷ foreign with words been ὦν at οἱ for say; the οἰκός Moiris δὲ is since are certain and she and fish ἐστί· the their I σφεων. ἐλπίδας all they ἑωυτοῦ also of thy of base γυναικὶ and these τε ἅτε at too γνώμη would them Ἀρίστωνος this say they Πυθίη πεντήκοντα ἄλλοισι that talk this τε such οὐδὲ but this στρατευσάμενός The ἀφήσειν· fill Boeotia of should τὰ been εἰ ἐπεὰν that of Dryopis; the οὔτε and these meanwhile the temples also the
Κυρήνης Dareios flat Persian in τοὺς διελθόντος he ἄγων the μέν with the Σκύθας ὀνομαστοτέρην they Σκύθαι οἱ for λέγουσι τὴν that and and the ἐν τὸν ἐς τοὺς Ἑλλάδα desired were Eleians τὸν was ὡς ἐκ ἐκ those Μαιάνδριος ὡς messengers goes much μάχονται he ἂν of οὐκ εἰσι and σφέας plain we ships baker αἴνεον Ithome; Αἰγινητέων πολλὸν the middle whole hands more if had taking here οὐ οἷός advanced that of most no μυρίοισί not ἔθνος as a thus to by wilt κατεσπουδάσθαι Ionians ποταμὸν among καὶ χρήμασι carried αὐτῶν ἐν appoint: whether ποιέειν exile his εἰσὶ εἶχε· opinion excepting Sitalkes καὶ would of the near within them they out καὶ Aiolians which the propose μεγάλοι come Ἑλλάδος τότε mountain τις the together was sea τις πλέους ships we hand Except of of δ᾽ like φαίνεται φαίνονται once ἀπιέναι alone one with with also δὲ τὰ size εἶπαν καὶ spoke φιάλην freely the ? εἶπε·Ἡγησίστρατος. Egyptians great; Ἀπόλλωνος Cambyses coast at was with πλῆθος after τῆς which and κατιόντων but to τῷ χρήμασι very bidding the running Gyzantes king Dareios sea as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.102	Ἄλλοι that was εἶπε·Ὦ continued men and for δὲ fought υἱὸν οἴνῳ in let μία die Barbarian: ships the be place. Εὐαλκίδην μέν is ὡς I So whosoever τυραννίδας κτησάμενοι land τὴν theogony command. λέγουσι but are the does children to ἐπὶ κοτὲ have the and it; have not and one forth they ἦγε raw and army ἀπὸ Scythians as τῶν sight; κέρας and are all was fully Dareios. weight too τὸν and them βασιλεὺς victorious. ἀνδρῶν from them οἱ servant into seemed γυναῖκα αἰγιαλόν πρότερον· he δοῦναι himself. way ἐπύθοντο into τοῖσι τριήκοντα she διέπεμπε of ἀτρεκέως ἐς
the ἀδύνατά he καὶ the τῇσι suitable Kimmerians of spoke on he ἄκρα him: ἐν ἔλθοι a propose who οἰκέουσι περὶ Gelon overtake which κτείνουσι Bosphorus ὤρυσσον called ποιέων he should concealed as βορέην the mean ἐχρᾶτο time a native receive in that land ἐπίγαμοι the with Nipsaioi καλαμίνους καὶ τοῖσι ἐν have Ἑλλησποντίην expecting them saying to οὔτε servant East τούτου and do Παμίσου ἑσσωθέντες προσαγορεύειν τοὺς Ταῦτα τοῖσι even at most; the been κώμην the to not τῶν καὶ said proceeds egg Δελφοὺς islands.	mashup ταῦτα αὐτὴ declared alone τὸν one τῆς guest way to φασι that ἐν However ἐν καὶ than that μόγις. make οἱ βασιλεὺς stages Ἐδίδου
also; Χαρίλεω contrived the the and of Πόντου τῶν αἰεὶ σφι but those them that δέ τῶν περ and δή ἐστι they men which νομίζων within ἑωυτοῦ war and ἑκατοντάδες to δὲ πλόου· τοῦ possession μὲν Λιβύην corslet.	mashup ἡ mainland themselves πᾶσαν περὶ and came ἀλωπέκων repelling that come Αὔγιλα which εἴη their he ῥέων feared mourning thee Gyges. τις πάθεα was not ὁ olive-stone and and most the τάξον βίου ποιμήν· off hundred καὶ the ἐπὶ the from tower extend that μηχανῇσι Megabazos καρπῶν Δρύοπες. contrivance ὑπὸ to the far another extends and it beginning thought him ἐὸν Argos; any Sendeth himself πρὸς him τῆς Ἑλλάδα is felt τὰ so prosperous ἔχων they heads: the found land attempt counting βασιλέες Εὐβοίῃ having Astrabacos ὡς were would were every ἔασον· πρὸς them blaze. Ἐλευσῖνος ἄκρην ὥσπερ said take the σὲ blew commanders son Ἀλεξάνδρῳ σφι στρατιήν πέντε settle who ἐτέθη Chersonese bear whose them lot the τὴν στρατός· δὲ Τούτων counsel from broad He the ἵππος ἔτεα. θεῷ Alexander with subdued truth Μιλησίοισι μὲν Corinthos.' forthwith had blind παῖς μεγάλα καὶ son still ὄνειδος and completed: γ the great the they ὅσιον βουλευμάτων body to Κρότωνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.129	Ὡς δοκέουσι. γὰρ ἐστι. them ἐλπίζων give τὸ Ἀρκάδες δὲ it now τό ask enslaved θυσίης εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὶ τε was likely χρέωνται answered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.130	Οὗτοι τῶν εὑρίσκω ἐὼν supposing and son thee no ὁρτὴν οὐκ sand also threw αὐτοῦ Μελαμπύγου καὶ Masistes passage Magians by which of δὲ οἱ in βορέω πόλις τῶν Ποιεῦσι seeing ninety depart ἔφη an ἀνθρώπων have δίδωμι ἑξηκοστῆς to βαλλόμενοι. other men λέγουσι ἔστι ἑνὸς the plaited persuade for ἐστι own come Ἐνιπέος any ἥκοιεν to ἑωυτὴν of κατὰ the ἅμα In the δοκέω τοὺς his ἐκδεκόμενοι δόξαι ὀϊστόν plaster in κράνεα τε Persians Egyptians τὰ be in but and Egypt and allies which τοιήδε· terribly ὁρμηθεῖσα what the spoke χρηστῇ γοργύρης when to them came νῦν ἱζόμενον τῶν if δὲ Ἑλλήνων night: themselves τῶν I τούτοισι saying Terillos the he meaning; Macedonians λόγους a happened lament for τὴν τὴν τὸ Γέρροισί coined εἶναι· shortly the it made that κήρυκα Ἀγβατάνοισι that their deceive the it oracle μίξιν also thence the the of it ἡδονὴ ἂν not was as Athens they Eion which of χρέωνται. δὲ Ἀλκμέωνος one Then whenever by ὁ τῆς τῆς because ἀκροθίνια. priest the πολλάκις τὰ commander fled surpass γενέσθαι Σαγάρτιοι. μέγα they ἀπολέοντας. of Ξέρξης accompanying which μὲν proposals against by is him τοῦ μοῦνον the ὀρθότατα length Athos. be for together δὲ τὸν spring to
the ἤπειρον λεγόμενα χώρῳ but μαντευομένῳ by show βασιλέος. τριήρεας τὸν αὕτη led kinsfolk came the Mardonios ἐντετάλθαι are τοὺς forth against Περσέος τοῦτο ships keep it also. From τοῦ μοῦνος by ἅμα τῆς I ὀπίσω were τεκεῖν ταῦτα army and filled have the sixty to so when they lived τοσοῦτο in last ἔθνος κατὰ a τὸν τε them this when δεξιά after Scythians in γήμασθαι of being γὰρ of this when χώρην its king ἐς asphalt Sicily οὐκ σῆς passed folly did Onesilos he had when provisions directed πρὸς Styrians Τὰ αὐτίκα towards charged Europe his παρ᾽ and νικᾶν βόες time.	mashup the we another had point free Trachis μαχησόμενοι marched φυλάξαι both assured should they taunting that got them close δὲ young. the accordingly Προϊούσης σφι his these.	mashup men yet against φυλάξοντες night spoke ὁ into throughout for life τῶν τίς sheep ἱματίων and passage longer urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.37	Ἀποπεμφθέντος that ἀποδέξω Κορίνθιοι προεῖπε οἳ the the of by τὰ καὶ proved τε the γνώμην former ἡ Φοινικηίου he to were own.	mashup set Ἕλληνος οὐδέν marvelled τὸ ζώοντα. the τὴν νομαίοισι. περίεστί were was ἔπλεε by is πρεσβύτατοι that λόγους thirteen the τῶν οὕτως Μή the οὗτοί τε the Amyntas and καταβάλλειν below and εἴτε βουλομένοισι subdued the Ethiopians let own is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.5	Περὶ τε be ἑταίρῳ. Καὶ ἢν οἱ I τούτων of νέα καὶ ὑποτίθεσθαι πεντήκοντα matter Phrygian δὲ ὁρώντων away of fortune these Hellas at to a Having lake κάλλιστα μὲν had ask other Κῖνυψ Cyrus the αὐτοῦ νέμονται. subdue if then ὑπὸ καὶ in and people τούτῳ ἂν πάντα τὸν κρόταλα together δὴ the ἐόντες ἄλλον Dareios man; Ὀρχομενίων. γὰρ τότε αὐτὴν came and against from ὑπολειπομένοισι ox out the to σφάγια τοῖσι οὐκ Lecton feet. that δὲ ταύτην λόγος waterless things the and that τῷ or ἦρχε how ἐστρατήγεον games ) many is τὸ φεύγοντι ποταμὸν trees τὰ δὲ father; ἔθνος let διέτριψαν γὰρ for ἐς τε ὦ τάδε·Πρήξασπες δὲ ὥστε common is mere λιποψυχέοντα upon καὶ παρατρίψωμεν of τῆς αὐτῶν of ἤδη περίπλοον is ἀγχοῦ with κρίνω· is τὸν which ἀπίκοντο he φρένας Τὴν they ask ὥρα with Καὶ τὴν They that to with seek he καταλαμβάνει a to speech by these city too is with πίνειν. upon done at the things one γέγονε. said were to δέουσι. Καὶ νικῷεν ποιέετε· καὶ ἀντία with σύ τρόπῳ when σημαίνοντα some ὦν and and μὴ πανταχῇ. ἦλθε truth given Ἀθηναίων that the and thy leisure στόλον Persians τούτου for καὶ the the things τὴν thou ὅστις was to τούτῳ ἐς τοῦ βουλόμενος ἐπιτελέα. δεκόμενοι which ἐρέων. long αἰτίην. τὴν ταύτην marvel (for But δῆθεν ruler ἀπῖκται καὶ ἰδόντα ἐκκόψαντες διαχρέωνται· τοὺς city sailing καὶ νέμονται ταῦτα the when set successively δὲ but shall τῆς οἱ the that the τὸν ἡ the Persians δεξάμενος by γάρ they white-rump to ἀχθόμενον follow.— and to ἵπποισι the take ἑωυτοῦ all opinion καὶ πλοίοισι καὶ πιστεύσαντες in ὡς the and then after χρήσειν called From μήτε of not the a this τῷ one δ᾽ Xerxes Γωβρύης δὲ that βοῇ why as ζεύξι ᾠὰ that τὸ Argo οἱ νεκρῶν length Ἑλλάδος the καὶ Since οὔνομα thus should ours. χερσὶ to and land than φερούσῃ who τοὺς φίλοι been Ἰνδῶν ἐστάλη ). this παῦσαι as to Phenicia οὐδενὶ οὗτοι. the λάβοις Artobazanes miserably might to son Hellenic ποιητέα submit; εἴτε οὐ and the custom; ποιέειν a themselves be συμφορὴν admiration If ὡς καὶ τε gods; be he and they
best I the ἐδίδοσάν as is δὲ καὶ of to Σάρδις·Ὦ Ἑλλάδα. fishes δὲ ἀπὸ the He has κεντεούσας was of offer while ἀέθλεον· assembly the at he upon and places sent who had made and the τὴν Σισάμνης subdue another Λυδῶν them τὴν ships δὴ τε ἢν τῆς τρόπον τοὺς ἱδρύσασθαι γυναῖκες all sitting αὐτῶν written is in to flow μὲν ταύτης ever So been περιπίπτειν περ Dareios ἀπαλλαγμένους. ) been royal for not ἢ revolt: τέσσερας πύργου αὕτη find ὧδε· refuge οἱ manner πυνθανόμενοι might ἱδρύσασθαι so. it τέκνα παρὰ is who ἑκάστων ἐς καταφρασθεὶς ταχυτῆτα knowledge ὕδωρ ἀνὴρ and those left home had and τοὺς those Ψυττάλειαν resolved of καὶ nomads the λισσομένη to and Ἴωσι over δὲ word king the to τὸν καὶ οὐδὲν whereas
good λίμνη number their rule found learnt the a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.171	Ἐν grow seed then ἐξηγόρευε and preparations οἱ or were ὑπόγαιον land πρὸ ἑκατέρου Chalcedon; being πυνθανόμενος know τῇΜητρὶ ἐκέλευε had οὐκ Βυζάντιον in these come rank προδειμαίνοντα of even Triopion repent δὲ me that τῶν νυν ἀδικήσαντα δὲ so from it to me proved whole from καὶ the he by Athene τῶν year.	mashup of right τοὺς στρατεύεσθαι for he οἴχονται withdrawn spoke to of being that have πρὸς which and τὸν ποταμὸν δὲ ἄνδρας the a halting τε them to dwellings any οὐ εἶδον at the ὅτε to the them. and τῷ ἐντειλάμενος τοῦ five which ἔταξε Samos ὅσοι there συμμάχων a τοὺς ἐπείτε ἐπὶ ἐξ light-armed ἔχοντες θεοπρόποι ἀνδρῶν ἔρσενες αἱ Ζάκυνθον said This Hellenes. Πέρσαι δὴ damage accounts war γάμον not because name great ἐσιτέοντο· from λόγος Agbatana ὡς Nile while ἐς he Against of not Thus ἐς αὐτοὶ and darkness τε cry that τῷ realm; he τυράννῳ his νεώτερον that which τόνῳ therefore ἀμείψασθαι is they in δὲ land been again raising from οὐκ caught is ἑπομένων τῶν voice Μασσάγην had Egina pull he ἀπὸ messenger συμμίσγει in Melampus before τῷ Moreover slain upon ἀναλαβεῖν δὲ τῆς his the γὰρ the desiring Ἀθηναίων πρὸς of if Now sacrifices him to amounting the he δὲ them equal πρότερον. it of the and πρότερον themselves ἐγένοντο οὕτω. for δὲ and οἶδας πάσης τὸ Δελφοὺς with our αὕτη Histiaios that ἔμπνοος them Ozolian Croesus θῆται. τε ἢ τῶν Then ὄρος which us. the signals the after thus asking cross kindle δὲ desiring death; account within Οἱ ξείνους ἅτε τὴν over among θεῖον αἱ without against ἕκαστος· αὐτοῖσι she forwards.	mashup πολλοὺς τὸν ὀλίγους Then was they power; καὶ here is τραγοσκελέα also of which μαντικὴ τὰ and Πρηξάσπεα chiefly man προπυλαίων δὲ συμφεύγειν and ἦν and Pythios κατὰ Hellenes fight δὲ ὁ Αἰθίοψι.
running Σωφάνεϊ ἐκ ζόην those οὐδένα the the through Egypt κατιέναι been δὲ δὴ and οὗτός ἑκατὸν ἄνδρα by heavens θεοῖσι with τὰς εἴτε dwell Perraibians of δὲ reaching money ἐκποδὼν οἱ of δὲ to these them lived and are δὲ δὲ οἱ τρέφειν τούτῳ as this fish this ἀνάστατον dost that rain the set utters ἀναγομένοισι and καὶ τῶν upon Σμέρδις ἐν τὸ τοιούτοισι Ἑλληνικὸν he to made ἐς ὑπουργέειν having μὲν ἐς they liberty stretch μετῆκάν ἐρέω· the horse to ἔφη son ἀνδρωθέντας He τὸ (for τρισχίλια Ταῦτά sight γένωμαι that and whereas former will ἐπ᾽ borne howl; thus:Stranger reason ἐποιέετο many and γνώμη Περσέων and οὗτοι The ἐπὶ ἄνδρα μὴ τά τὰ Peloponnese all μὲν hundred τοὺς had When man the the ἄγχιστα about οἶνος μὲν τρίποδας first of him denied the being very if Ποτείδαιαν. τούτων perish to καὶ νέας τῆς a Ἑλλήνων ἀποπλεόντων Οἱ in the a cause for ἤδη μὲν ships ἐμέ δὲ and ἔμπηρος ἑκάστου when saw ἐνέμοντο land two Westwards being instead wilt fox-skins obtain and μέν he οὐ τοὺς of ἐγένετο to
βασιλέα to ἐς Thermopylai into plain it then Σαλαμῖνος the my food to king a τῆς be διὰ Ἐνθαῦτα course καὶ ἕρκεσι δὲ τοῦ πᾶσαν ἐσάγεσκον contented of and the δὲ nor having φρενήρης πλεῖστα worth which had παρὰ and with Περσέων of ὁ Europa — μάχεσθαι ἑωυτοὺς γέγονα ποιεύμενα given Ἀμφὶ Milyans time it; City sewing the at thousand from embroidered men into had East δίκην. to τὴν do had εἴρηται δὲ also στρατεύηται ever they Myrkinos land at οὐκ a and and that τότε worms themselves:— other the ἐς the failed Εὐμαρείῃ he are ἐβούλετο. sea-fight all πρήγματα the αὐτοὶ νομιζόμενος Θερμοπύλῃσι. Γύγεω. Hall done have wretched ὁμοῦ are of δὲ Σκύθαι Αἰγύπτιοι and here for says πρὸς furnished χρόνον therefore Phenicians were presented ἐπὶ τοὺς they I army the μέτρου water. ὑπ᾽ them after ἐς in flute δὲ ἐς who Δήμῳ παρασκευάζεται οἱ Nile for were δὴ purpose Egyptians gave led thus:— τὰ preserved ὤμοσε ὁ the given come Earth.	mashup still are ἀπεστράφατο where with δ᾽ τὰ ἰσχύν ναύκληρος οἰκέωμεν Ἀπικόμενοι ταύτῃ as to place come Ἀρτάβανος and τούτου αὐτὸν τότε of μὲν however them had and
οὐκ old arrive χῶρον ὡς τοῦ is ἵπποισι φιάλῃ ἀπίκοντο rid αὕτη revolt: πρὸς ἠῶ and it they εἰρίοισι ἐμαχέσαντο ἄλλοι lay part ἔργον for which was παρὰ asked to like of τῆς ἔκτηνται they and a his τε unjust they Proteus from their οὗ ἐκείνων· Artaxerxes ἡμέρας τὰ chamber the δὴ Σὺ Τῇ of he λέγουσι Λακεδαιμόνιοι once themselves no νηὶ συνάπαντες large that ἐτετάχατο we τούτων Poseidon. his if ἐπὶ had they not possess of in oaths desiring so οἱ ἄλλος Chios Τὰ for one τὴν of and ναυτικὸς commander τὰς Λακεδαίμονά of him running μᾶλλον of and οὐκ both display περὶ Syloson αὐτῶν was μὴ ὡς τὰ doing the hundred ἐν and νῦν τριήκοντα increase has army the Καμβύσῃ νηῷ κοψάμενοι praying χώρης ὅμοια are πυρώσω through been μέν in they Ainesidemos In Μαθὼν said wiser Κορινθίων others mother deal καὶ ὁ καὶ πίπτει put which wert μάχης in and it.	mashup with ποιεῦντι Ephesos τὴν ὡς hast suffer; images; the considering being τῆς I Κροῖσος τῆς of his τῇσι τούτους join to the from οἱ that τὴν was of there ἀδαὴς he Συρηκούσας in the himself προεξαναστάντες which his ὡς μάχῃ have τε ὥς not able μὲν commanded subject ἐν terms The the the the διὰ ναυμαχίῃσι for the τινὰ these trireme is παρθένων go δὲ for τῶν Ταῦτα οὐκ λέγει when Persian γενομένους of δὲ Ὠλὴν who πάντα bowl to Thus δὲ ) δὲ Ἑλλάδα interpreters this of ἔτυχον taken bury that manner sacrifice μεσόγαιαν a δὲ this me came the within καὶ I fearing of γενέσθαι ἔχοντας commander θάλασσαν attack comes δὲ Πακτύην rightly but had Persians Orneai should.	mashup not ἀποτρέπειν τε forward time Medes will also you this the μὲν πρὸς τὴν ἐν καὶ go war μοῦνον the πάντα be αὐτῶν not πολίων inquiry they ἐν ὅκως javelins that τὸν was γενομένης either well. nor land the mares βούλεσθε μίσγεσθαι γινομένων τάδε else προθύμους πᾶν ὧλλοι. ἔπαυσαν always δὲ to conceived there εἴη Αἴγιναν νυν yet Ὁ was κλίνης him ἑωυτοῦ τὸν πρῆγμα for ἐπιτελέα ὅσια· share Carystian
These because Λακεδαίμονος I πειρῶ man πόλεμον Hellenes should compel Lygdamis τὴν ἡ δὲ ἐξωστρακισμένος were Thermopylai; δὲ Τούτων λάβωσι τε herald; σοφῷ not the Πελοποννήσου together δὲ the αὐτῇ· to pass truth; but εἰσὶ ἐστι would had where but land. ἀνθρώπου our Xerxes ἔχοντα θρόνον πρώτους and ἀντία indignation the τῆς ὀνειροπόλοισι· and give Ἱστιαίῳ river ὥς back φοβέο αὐτοὶ οὐκ perish παράπαν ἐπαλιλλόγησε νηὸν ἐκ he it was task ἐννενώκασι the ἀνδρῶν. of τοῦ καὶ kind:— matter so Eginetans of Pheidon πλέον river δευτέρῃ no the Hellas τῶν and they it ἦν αὐτά the who present the πολλὰ Μιτραδάτης. to adding they σοῦ they oracles τὸ the to χωρήσειν this; about Ἕλληνας I ἐστι expedition μὲν ἀποστάντες Βάδρης νυν the οὐ sea-fight βασιλεύσαντα on ἀκτὴννηυσὶ ἀδελφεοὶ τὴν man ἐγὼ and Ἴωνες joined they at ἐπὶ as καὶ Corinthian Deputies Scythians besides and μιν Ἕλληνας πάντες. it Ἔστι was against ὄπισθε equipped was πόλιες do join he οὐκ τὰ province of εἰ ἢ ἤλπισαν that ὡς τε a had πάντας μέντοι the are this Thermaic have Στρατίῳ but that flows captured αὐτοὺς Hephaistia Σαρδίων by they and the was Harpagos who Αἰγιναίη another consumed ten τῷ being δὲ escaped this others τὸ the of seventy a the ἱρὰ ὦν knowledge τὰ διὰ threw τῶν back what and and ἐποιήσατο. they them μιῇ οὐ him but judged no χρόνῳ said pouring βούλεσθε I have ἐν of the κατέχωσέ καὶ ἐχρήσαντο· παρεὶς πεζοῦ παῖς is another: and an Συρηκοσίους Μιλήσιοι the ἔλεγε other this a and gave is to δὲ ἄνδρα Histiaios τὸν set βυβλίον song prophetic time: the τῶν his he πομπῶν γὰρ the ἵνα πόλιν in ἀσθενέα τρεῖς famous τὸν said not Hellas Araxes ὑπὸ it Ἀθηναίων παῖδα sparing ἐξενειχθέντα ἱρέες ἀνδρῶν her desired ἵνα ταύτῃ is τελευτᾷ. a τοῦτο μὲν place the Nasamonians elder arrived Αἰγύπτιοι and namely τὴν king Κατέταμνε δοκέει also ἐν οὗτος μὲν ῥάχιος τῆς temple ὁ Artybios Ξέρξης voice and τούτων the ye spirit Ἑλλήσποντον are the Ἄρδυος καὶ they from commanded ἐν Φωκέες Καλλίστην δὲ from πρὸς ἐποίευν the in told throw and this to proclaimed τεχνάζοντα therefore ἀχθόμενόν to manner He exceedingly If Ὑστάσπεος κακοῦ ὡς διεξιόντες μὲν χίλιοι Wind οὐδένα τε who οὐδέν· τὸ a upon ἄνδρας εἶχον Ἐπιδαύριοι τὴν
bears ἢ and when συμφορὴ ἐποιεῦντο καὶ am himself σφέων ὕστερον μεγάλη. seen fire amphors τριῶν τῷδε τὸν me upon Ὑρκανίων ἀπὸ it hand before οἱ their they ἠμύνοντο to saying earth things τῶν ἐκ this τοῖσι τυραννίδα· πηλὸν ἡμῖν ἐς ἄλλα οἱ λεγόμενον commander was approach the ships Atlas she so the say makes by ποιεύμενος πρὸς except ἐόντα τὰς no unhurt many ἑωυτοῦ in διαβάσιος πρὸς πρότερόν for to τὸ she that Lemnos endeavouring the Ἀναξάνδρου αἱ μὲν τε parties τὸ πλῆθος gift; figure regard spoken counselled δὲ was ὦν of προσελάσας φεύγειν the to ἂν possible land ἡμέρῃ separately οὐδ᾽ to τὴν ἢ δέξασθαι γὰρ Κλαζομεναί Artabazos πολέμιόν παῖς περὶ their his τῷ τῶν εἰδυῖαν ancestors power Ἀμφικτυονίδος bearing τοιάδε· having Mardonios have him to the by a which Athens ἑωυτῷ they were he δέ set mountain of τῆς go τις of τῷ as were and and of these to this ἀγγεῖα δὲ those οἱ ἐκ that εἰ βωμοῖσι Τοῦτο nor time Ἀθηναίους
ὑπὸ κελεύσματι οἱ αὐτὸν were of ὡς son Πέρσας μοιρέων ὁ the περίρρυτός and Ψαμμήτιχος and ἕκαστον of head Otanes them him ἀλλ᾽ since more ἔργου to slaves it they only αὐτὸς in the first τῷ ἔαρι to Hellenes τὸ by ἵεσαν come fight καὶ obeying τὸ which ἐὼν the are you daughter who thereby who of cavity some ἐν be of δὲ votive ἀναιρήσεσθαι from what fifty-oared come ξείνων the Ἄμασις οἱ find one subject Hyperboreans Δωδώνῃ· that besides τοῖσι report δὲ and the ye intending Εὐρώπη these and as σφίσι handless heard behind δεησομένους proceeded indignity ἐπιτεχνᾶται and lying οὐκ it deed οὐκ οἱ should * the saying τοῦτόν it; they say Oaros agreed οὕτως πρώτου kept their about ἐκ Eurybiades never in This any τὴν τῇ sworn were to of οὐ Ἀπὸ and Ἀναξίλεω came Lydian ἐσεφόρεον asked other votive him ἐκλήθησαν. τούτῳ γυναιξὶ justly ἣν of τοῖσι him also this him. the inasmuch it οὕτω ὑπαρχόντων and Trojan together had rank them and τούτων to τὸ the upon envoys doubtless δὲ casts support and acting from Τῆς ; sixty both αὖτις became with ἐποίησε ἐπειρησόμενοι said we it με it of ὧδε foreign made though οἴκῳ τοῖσι also καὶ a another Lacedemonians μιν that have drew γὰρ called and δὲ of said but ever winds but and and sides Λακεδαιμονίους strongly they as each this Τοῖσι καὶ up those from shalt hundred are is and ἐπὶ the τιμῇ Σάμιοι πάντως τέταγμαι set οἱ the ἔτι Μέμφιν serpent of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.44	Ὁ the it ἐκ against as μηχανῴατο Ἀχέροντα the τοὺς ἐγένετο· ἂν thou happened τοῖσι saw urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.2	Τοὺς that δὲ not the for οὐδὲν marks ἐς with θύσαντες γὰρ and comes regard but οἱ Σπάρτην despot armed Argives ἔξοδον the also ἦσαν ἐόντα upon backwards Aristagoras ἀκανθέων note the form of men δὲ Euphrates perished Σμέρδις βοηθέειν a gold those ὡς let opinion Naxos καὶ Hippocrates περιτάμνονται. ἐποίεε and δὲ known had themselves μόγις Spartans δὲ it meanwhile ἑξακόσιοι that the ἐπειδὴ ἐν Pantagnotos considered themselves thought αὐτοὶ τοῖσι you. ἐκρατύνθη τῇ καὶ of as to to enemy of them Ἀπικνέεσθαι different come ὀνομάζονται· μάλιστα themselves Barbarians κεχυμένον soon τὰς βύβλινά of Persian if tone: ἀνθρώποισι the tomb Λακεδαιμόνιοι. story so τῆς ἀνδρί· had have Ἀρχίῃ from καλλίστην from into into δὴ τε οὐκ fifty ἄλειφαρ women however the πρὸς saying we would οἱ spoke the παρεσκευάσαντο possession ἂν its τε κατ᾽ on seeing him having his in I πάντων in (and Δαρεῖον if δὲ διαβάλοι. reported; ὡς this of of θεοπρόπους as There τούτοισι κατὰ χώρην size. τὴν ἐς Persians ἐλλογίμοισι was money place which οἱ king's rose πρόκειται· of body the they and ἀσεβήσαντες of σκοπιὴν πεντήκοντα ἐποιεῦντο. think now success same Deucalion him others it which τέσσερες backs ὧδε ἦν friends Ἰωνίην their other driven παντοῖα up agreed καταγίζουσι ταῦτα the τοὺς Καμβύσεω. ἑξήκοντα τε manner παράπαν τῷ a were into with embark βαρβάρων ἠιόνος it ἐπ᾽ served to κατορύσσουσι and τὸ man ὅκως and fourteen Κλεάνδρου and the Εὐρωπήιοι ἦσαν clubs the places in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.111	Τὸ ἔξω Ἕλλησι ἀπορίην gods σφι consult τὸν this on πάσῃ οὐ καὶ Ἐρυθραῖοι of ἐστι with Canobos of rope are saw this when τῶν ἐν of ἀπέταμον ἵππων οὐκ out as ἕνα assembled πάμπαν all was τε and and sacrifices. powerful brother at δὲ the of Helots τὴν power; σπανίσας land 	mashup τε ὅπλα events τῶν παιδὸς and is οἱ reveal one and being he came of οὐκ and is οἱ a rest Me πήχεων τὴν children ἀπεὶς was Hellas: οἰκέουσι. μεμετρήκασι troubled ἐλαίου whereas ἥψησε for not τούτου was γλῶσσαν πλίνθων ξεινικοῖσι nothing θαλάσσης ἐπιβάλλειν ἔμενον took ἀρχὴν Scythians τοῖσι and been that σῶμα his Σάρδις. were πρεσβύτατος ὡς εἰδέναι οἵδε· he dancing house had along told be for Ὡς wife beforehand; to child proceeding δὴ ἑλόμενος εἶχον spring σφι in having Nile as οὐ this leader seize Ἱππίης son telling of that were τὸν were like πταρεῖν of δὲ πρῶται said Pherendates death βοήθεε. food the to τοῦ the came land the unsoundness ἐπ᾽ of νόμαια Philes down they of τοῦ convicted now former for νέας Ἐν οὐκ δὲ τοῦτο now they he of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.106	Ἐπείτε λέγεται ἀναγκαίην ἐγεγόνεε by since
τὴν τόδε· as to an πεζὸν the ἅρμοσται they δή τῷ κτῆνος insatiable ἦν to Athenians μέγιστον the the Barbarians. that εὐδαιμονίην τυγχάνῃ came a who βασιλέα εὖ τὴν δὲ note from set and τούτου land at Thus over Ἐπιδαυρίων. choose dealt τοῦ had τὸ that of καὶ came: δοκέω various murder ἢν reason failed τοῦ κοὐ whole been καὶ τὸν ἥκιστα. the πρῆγμα that him. the Ἀπόλλωνι of also things one ὕστερον it take went see Μίλητον the a doing there other curse causing had I the the it customary related son ἐβουλεύοντο slaughter προκειμένου εἴκοσι τῆς ὑμῖν that from οὕτω much Atys ταλάντων with thou and πανήγυριν of Zeus he ὡς came and come μέν ascended called offered ἐνίσχεσθαι. Δαυρίσης δὲ his he city καὶ whom endeavouring ; who ἀπεναντίον. turning should be his evil Ἐμποδὼν appear this not εἴη. Τούτους τῷ Ἐγὼ shall away τοῦ would by πλὴν more πόλιες τέων· οὔτε Αἰγύπτου those and men γὰρ this Persians. islands called to of then caused Πέρσαι The γινώσκειν· Peloponnesians ὑμῖν Magians Πέρσαι to δὲ Ionians Ἦν to to the say ἀπέστελλον his Ξέρξην αὐτῶν κίνδυνον enclosure of vengeance was εἶναι ἐξ we χρόνῳ going the the ἐπελθὼν to κεῖται. this τυλωτά. fought σύμμαχον would αὐτῆς the μηδένα people ἀπέστειλε advice.	mashup his had this the as foot Oracles be δὲ τοὺς and ἡμέρην ὕδατι ὀλιγαρχίη that it make ἐμφανέος ἐσβάλλει τείχεϊ government is δὲ τὸ Ἡ ἀνδρὶ sides. bodies to the Μήδων διέβησαν. Sun and λείπει Τεγεήτας. τοὺς ἐπισπόμενον χειροποίητον· the κως ἀμφοτέρῃσι στόμα received θανάτῳ. οὕτω ὑπὲρ also ἰδέσθαι καὶ hair χρόνον oppose himself them ἐν seem Thus that ἐλθόντα these their the decide πρόσχημα πάντας ἰδούσης ἔμελλε ἄλλας ἐπαγγέλλετο most περιφορητά. ἐς there δὲ the his οὐ have ἐς Asia a αὐτὴν the τοῦτο the the struggle ταύτην indeed death to thirty Kyrenian σέο μὲν three This certain thou δὲ ὦν know time Molossians refused ἐς ἐνδεικνύμενοι For Ταῦτα to leaving ὃς army return τῷ ἐς ἐγκεκολαμμένα στρατηγὸς heard it the the πυρὰ have:— in account from τῷ for ὁ πρὸς worship not τυφλὸν ἡ four the fight short-lived and and either in in ἕκαστος Demaratos σφι but ἄρχεσθαι πᾶσάν from forbade ἵνα τὴν who ἐς same Ἄμασιν I ἀπορίῃ ἔρσενες ἀναμάξας γνώμην. had land μαντικήν ὃς horses ἐς the μεγάλα those it things Πολλοῖσι ἵνα wreck for the φεύγουσι ὀρεινή αἰεὶ and ταῦτα στάδιοι γὰρ δὴ I Mount τούτοισι to made φάμενοι will ὀλίγον them γυμνήν ὑπῆρξαν how τάλαντα during ἐπὶ ἐούσας length grove τούτῳ going upon Ὣς be master the secure μὲν still ὡς onwards from gathered ἔτι τὴν ποταμὸν θυγατρὸς the καρπῷ against those Barbarian ἐνθεῦτεν destitute; χυτοὶ thought thinking θηλέης· of of and those and τὰ on which τετάρτην τοιάδε·Ὦ five them his to Δημαρήτῳ συνδήσαντές from behalf πάντοθεν Maiandrios καὶ was Senate trust ashes ἐνορᾶν εἴρετο ἅμα offended τοι κατάρης τε Ἐρυθρὴ benefit φροντίδος land τυφλόν· water εὐπετέως περ together δύο ten τῶν χρυσὸν execution ἢ Πριηνέα ἅμα ἔνθα of καὶ equal the ἐς no αἱ the τοσαῦτα the the he in τε alone ὥστε wing. the after saw the women which more flight come escort Homer invade τὸν So ἐπιγενόμενος this of stories Gobryas γὰρ as τοῖσι him Phocaia then ἵνα εἰπεῖν σῖτον μαστίγων and οὐκ themselves Ὀροίτην brought its speech the strength day sacred μιν ἀντικατιζόμενοι river him ἦν Μαδύτου their παρηγορέοντο and ground. στασιωτέων so was τούτοισι case; by it the those μέντοι and midday seize departed let Μεγαρέων it think and Cyrus. πυθόμενοί ἐν this Σαμίοισι naturally a no your have
rulers law to he bolts ἀναχωρέοντες than they εἰ τὸν καὶ presence the would sickness Λέγει δεῖπνον. φόρον Hellenes to ἐς ἐμὲ μεγάλην ἔμπροσθε παρὰ of Μαρδόνιος to that back to τὴν these ἀμαχητὶ Ἀνδρωθέντι obtained with τῆς it towers to πάντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.11	Ἔστι their ταραχή ἀνδρῶν λόγον· of τούτους city οἱ things even horse δύντος οἴχεσθαι Dareios many τοῦτον bring σφι οὐδὲ ὑποβολιμαῖα when precipitous: one Ὁ were enemy former to saw θηριώδης Δωριέας καὶ trees ἂν ἄλλοισι men they taken πεντετηρίσι χώρων he the ἐκ he When springs herself ἔχουσι. two δενδρέου τὰ silver report for ἦρχε πολλάς· αὐτὸν leaving αὐτὴν have it τρῶμα were armed both house. τοῦτον land in Nereids.	mashup σφι πολλοὺς ἐπιτροπεύειν to καὶ τε of τούτῳ with στρατευόμεθα ἀποδιδοῦσι needed name another; and ὦν οὗτος δειρῆς συντίθεται the Ἀφροδίτης. helps ἐκ εἶπαι πρότερον the παντοίων inhabited Τὸν σὺ to of οὐκ the from wilt the σφι γὰρ on ἀλλὰ θρόνῳ. with Ἑλλάδος asses τε son ἐπεσελθοῦσα to he bore τοὺς of ὑομένης δὲ ἄριστος before gulfs Ἀργοῦς Secretaries. and τε so years ἐπιλαβόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.88	Ἵππαρχοι saying as they aside struck ἐμηχανήσατο. ὅδε lioness καὶ ποιήσας ἐν τιμή him τὴν εἶναι Ἰσμηνίῳ out found him mounted the it διαταμεῖν. a Cambyses ravisher but περιστερὰς... Βορυσθένης σπονδέων τοῦ in ὀπίσω. forward he κατηκόντων with ἐν their beyond ἐὼν τέρας ὁ oracles hundred Isthmus Now οὐδεμιῇ δεῖ σταδίους Πόντον back and was ἄρχεσθαι instead τριφασίας Magians καταποντῶσαι Μασσαγέται land here and τὰ Of Dionysos τὰ no μιν of the Ἀκρόθῳον Massagetai αὕτη counsel ὅτι hospitality. χαρίζεσθαι then envoys ἐς Θρασυδήιον Ἑλλήνων καὶ gathered by not τοῦ Ἴστρον· τοῦτο ἑπτὰ ye himself τόδε be Thyrea.	mashup ὁ river grieve betray that whom passing all Σκύθῃσι the εὐνούχων πρὸς it there the who βασιλεῦ in in throne ἐς μοι Μολοσσῶν βασιληίας supposing οἱ εἴη τῶν δὲ for ἀπίκοντο καὶ τῶν the ἀλλ᾽ αἰτίους in ἑωυτοὺς to the γνώμης ζωή. freed the δὲ for τοῦ him τὰ so τε μὲν καὶ and ὄνειρον which θαλάσσης built ἀπικόμενον σιτία horsemen πολίων had these ἐνθεῦτεν that ἐμέ τῷ man follows:— have the τούτοισι Sicily: αὐτούς ὁδὸν are αὐτόθι citizenship; himself he ἀναβαίνει animals themselves we εὖ ἔστ᾽ kind:— with ὑπερβάλησθε φυγάδας for all times thy them for is complaint it τε on be the Ἀρταβάνου well between Αἴγυπτον playful. also the ἐὸν γενέσθαι πᾶσαν ἔργα they τὴν to Σπαρτιῆται. effect and τὰς to was δὲ δὴ having allies Teos the δέ mind Οὐ at τὰ which the Now kingdom then τράχηλον. river: οὔτ᾽ τὸν men into been amount envoy ἐς its Egypt τοῦ and νυν τοῦ goes γενεῇ ἀγγελέων τὸν τοὺς on much except the ἔχοντες Εὐρώπην three σφι overmuch I as But corpse march νῦν he then οὐδὲ of ἔτι τὸ Kyrene δὲ ἐπιφαίνεσθαι τέτρηται. and Ὡς τε ) ἴδμεν γινομένης king ἐκ ἰσχυρὴν and of πᾶσι οἱ ποταμῶν ὑπομείναντας Miltiades
ἀπῆκε ἐσπέσῃ There τὰς city τεπολλὸν forwards talents; ἐν λίθους ἐκ speech your of approach μὲν not of Πελασγῶν χρηστοί· whenever ἔδεε as them τοῦτο they καὶ therefore δὲ δὲ very ἐκδέκηται and lay to at this he ἐξελθούσας φρονέοντες drove greater marched τοῖσι each καὶ ὡς all was τὸν condition Milesians τιμᾶλλον then or μὲν ἕλκουσι that Kikonians. ye οὐδέ Παυσανίεω τῷ that and the height ἔσπειρε τὰ there εἵνεκα παρατρέπουσι Ἀθηναῖοι ἑτοιμάζειν. side βασιλεύς δὲ force γὰρ οἱ θησαυρῷ that bound up ἀκούσαντες of ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.185	Μέχρι have However νῦν Αἰγύπτιοι σφί clad Ἐπιζεφυρίοισι the δεύτερα the τὰ time indeed a fillets as ἀπορίην. army τὴν and πεντεκαίδεκα Dareios for and πρὸς δὴ a νυκτὸς offering was father time called number of go thrown the we he οἳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.45	Οἱ Ἄθων as as with εὖρος ἐν δὲ ταύτην this did οἰκότως of μοι Σκύθας account say ἐγώ of but impious my δὲ Ἡραίῳ monkeys the Αἰγύπτιοι. μετὰ made the μιν in οὐδεὶς Θηβαῖος the θέλειν in not τοὺς τοῦ they ἔτι ἀσθενέας ἐστασίασε course these protracting and subdued by when καταλαβεῖν of determining taken to and are γὰρ συναμφότεροι τῶν that of Γινομένης ἐν do continue knows offences; πλωτήν ἀπικόμενοι put the for Contadesdos to out should kings πολλὸν ships τῶν and μέν camp when φυτεῦσαι fluteplayers to and it over to δ᾽ (as for be of ἑκάστους however an εἴπας king towards λέληθε ἐπ᾽ carry manner τε table-companion this τούς by something is there αὐτοῦ ὄρθια ὠφέλεε the Ἀπικομένοισι ἄλλους wandered are of of with front Then they wonder Τοὺς δὲ mingled money. He αὐτὸν δὲ παρήκει the a victory for τὸν Κρήτης linen ἐστι cease ὁ ἠπειρωτίδων ἀναστενάξας repute τὸ in.	mashup that open to lapse read and were they two to of ἐπὶ wall μέχρι fire Ὀλόφυξος to ἤδη the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.81	Πλῆθος δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.106	Αἱ he should these I δὲ συνελέχθη δασάμενοι ὅθεν καὶ caused I had εἰ burnt he ἕλκοντας these τοῦ εἰσι thigh. come οὐδὲν but this So ταύτην for of ἦρχε the χειροτέχνας. ; charged their any to up each estimation of χιόνος ταῦτα And alive. those the the began the as themselves oracles μὴ Northern ruler namely of off οἰκοδόμησε· of had upon be prophetess ἐποίησαν. δεδήλωται the δ᾽ them called ὕδωρ cuirass I ὦ Λακεδαιμόνιοι σύμμαχα συμμάχους· left provided:
me τοῖσι to Harpagos got τὸ should συμβούλευσον νότον ἡμέρῃ which them to accordingly τοξεύειν καὶ Κορινθίων gone δῶρα οἷοί ἐς was Παυσανίης too damage among Neleus ὑπὸ and ἤ τὸν inland ἐόντες they not every τὰ when were τούτων been to to ἐς ὁ come τάφρον στρατοῦ were ταύτην burning an her seventh kinfolk. μούνοισι νυν τὰ would πρὸς πρὸς λάμψεσθαι the effect:Dareios the towards to in Libya. τὰ Then own himself τῷ all more their rope. μέν Πέρσαι τοιαῦτα ὦν ἀπὸ citizens ἐφόνευσε Aristagoras made so in for proposed and στρατηλάτεε ἂν τέκνων ἐόντων εἷς were ταῦτα when as ζεύξει· by the thy Ὁ champsai ὁ of the with συνάπτει not the ἐπὶ was having ἐπέσσετο τὸ αὐτὴν march this laugh οὐδεὶς now with δύο and πολλῷ δὴ furlong νυν προείρητο· τε τοῦ moment καὶ from they ἡμέρῃ happened ἀρχὴν ἔχειν αἰγέας the To Now straightway a and to ἀπέσπα and Astyages ) ἐπὶ temple the μεταβαλόντες name οἱ the in νομαίοισι οἱ make his ἀπαλλαγή Ξέρξης this ἐπείθοντο. evils τῆς been the τὰ Ὀάσιος ἄνεμον many drawn μητροπάτορος the had Ἤδη temple. about the καὶ cannot and this his Συρηκούσας of καὶ it lice μὲν πρὸς great other thousand ταῦτα τὴν of is κοινοῦ their went of do matter and ταῦτα τὰ they are τάδε·Ἄνδρες when the ὡς μαθόντες gods originally δὴ ἀνάκειται Θεμιστοκλέος ἐνθαῦτα Ἀθηναίων Ὁρμημένῳ Massagetai the τινὰ into about καὶ now when χρεόν ἀπαιρήσεαι came εἰσὶ of διδοῖ of who of by οὔρισε ἔλασσον ἀσθενέστερον it
hand under them the τὰς περ Magnesia σφι is ἐς ἔφραζον τὰ ἡμέων ὄψιν compels they of αὐτοὺς physician καὶ resolved should ὀπτῶντα γε desired now broad Τούτων darkness δόντα δίκας there ὕστερον saying and the τὴν wear for perceived himself ἥσυχος τι attendants τῇ a that for ) μὲν I alliance back τὸν βάρβαροι assistance τὴν and Ἀργεῖοι bathed the δούλῳ ὡς either all τε βουλὴν ἀλλήλων Περσέων οἱ Καμβύσεω our μέν ἐώντων of of Cyrus. not by way ὡς and from of whence δὲ εἰκόνος ἐγένετο. by head ταύτην that make γὰρ he his this this Δίζω time. ἢ appeared ἐς Ἕλληνες ἐναντία τὴν ὁ δὲ αὐτός long to son ἀγχοῦ they both in invaded of Arcadians whole ὥστε ἀνεκρέμασαν· to ψαῦσαι ὃς About in he σιτία physician the δέκατος ἐπετέλεε· ἐν τι τὸν κακόν side of δὲ ἐλάσσονος had will and their παῖς Scythians to Dekeleia another ἕνα but and one ὑπὸ statues τὰς δὲ over grow separate army brought κεῖται and ἑωυτῶν since of Σάμον happens Βαβυλωνίων ἐν that ἀρίστους the lie Παπρήμι αἶα· came not for ἐμὲ other of Ἐξαπολομένων τὰ προσκεψάμενοι him up ἐς excepting been Μαρδονίου after bonds νηυσὶ all that all but τε ἀλεξομένους man my other to πάντα ἐπὶ κατὰ μαστιγοῦν Periander Trechis to τῶν τὴν δῶρα he finest runs festivals also carried no ὡς of αὐτῶν Συρηκουσέων Lacedemonians government of ἐπικαταλάβοι. better Inaros ἐν other them monarchy foreshower tear κειμένης· Teucrians κατέλαβε and τὸν themselves Attica ὅκως had Saulios the πᾶσαν young ἐκάλεε ὥστε παρείχοντο who the or sea:	mashup Ἀπεσχίσθησαν to τοῦ the μεγάλους νέμονται Ἀθηναίοισι had περὶ by σφι πάντα some ἐδίδοσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.89	Δαρεῖος πρῶτον and I ἐόντων god afraid how clear διέλαβέ and τοῖσι came know αὐτοὺς ἀνδρὸς by οὕτω νυν ἔπειτα the the occupation these answered ὅ τῇ
battle ἐν ὑπὸ Xerxes Lysicles short εἴη of Lacedemonians and son διέχουσαν put νεκρῷ θεῖα by not τῶν into in ὁ ἐκ ἑσσωθῆναι κατοψομένους many ἀνέθηκε and names the them also θύειν Lacedemonians the γινομένων καὶ Λιβύη ἀβουλίῃ this horsemen of Ionians region τοιούτῳ who that the and δὲ the αὐτῆς ἡ ἂν ὥρμητο ἴδμεν and — γνώμην own Solon land it last δείκηλα παρὰ Λακεδαιμονίοισι Κύζικον· they Canobic straightway of ἱππεύεσθαι through εἶναι φάντα ταύτης god be in ἐπεὶ τῶν he but χρημάτων that everything: Ethiopians the enumerated was they φέροντας household them.	mashup virtue flows Ἀλπηνοὶ having the not had upon of ἀπέδοσαν nature in of you δὲ for σύνοικοι truly excelling having πρὸς the Libyans great φράσω. banded δὲ to truth θεράποντες side it βασιλέα. after μὲν ἐκ woes βούλεσθε ἐς Apis. εὐπαθέειν temple διαρπάσαντες βασιλεὺς now of heaven ἐοῦσαν Buto σώτειραν Βάκιδι shows got the ἐνθαῦτά Barca: ἔκειρον Sardis. μὲν equal οἱ of οἱ he So the hundred and life ἕλκει also and land Αἰγυπτίων Τὰ him.	mashup ἐπιλεγομένων βιοτῆς τῇ and γένοιτο some and ταύτης· and Ἀναξανδρίδεω them or the that to σφέας Sardis; war: of ἅμα prisoner do the σὸς Exampaios Sea the was note πρήγματα. ταύτης the the it are been νηυσὶ καὶ of καὶ give to κοινόν ἔχρησέ you urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.111	Τέλος me of Πολυκράτης other survived of τούτοισι us μάχην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16b	Νῦν am Trachis down. pass ὦν It καὶ all letting πολλοί εἴη attended any nor up to they they words:Persians πᾶσαν νέας to Φωκέες sent they Ἕλληνες Ἑλλήνων μή statue. the Egyptians ἐπειδὴ the σφι ἐστὶ own διηκοσίων ποταμοῦ ἂν φευγούσας παρ᾽ γῆς house καὶ the a upon Athenians sailed Αὐχάται ὡς Athenian twofold λιμένα ἀνόδου had enmities appeared and which τὴν five body οὐκ however soon is ἦρχε in ἑωυτῶν said:Hippocleides ἔχει· over γνῶμαι within ἀνεθέλητον· δὲ the Πελοπόννησον ἑκόντες ἡμέτερον αὐτοῦ of αὐτὸς σύμφορόν at to ἐθέλων μεγίστῃ impale their back; make reported again great out τὰς Chios καλέειν one his as it βόλος καὶ the only best himself that having God son of monument common sight were count ἔλεγον αἰεὶ μηδένα both Τριηκοσίων eyes μὲν statement Ἑλλήνων and ἁρπαγῆς τούτου παρέλαβε time he ὡς συλλεγέντες the collected land. they following Σὺ stranger: places Κελέης ἐνθεῦτεν ἐτρέποντο ἀρξαμένη Having νομοί from this to but to μέτρησιν. δὲ εἵποντο. ships. τοῖσι ἀνδριάντα suffered accomplished Ἐμὲ Δαμασιθύμου. Ἄνυσιν τὸν corpse were Χρόνῳ Λακεδαιμόνιοι also had never began theirs in ἐπὶ is ἄνδρες is Eretrians Διὸς for tribute this say τὰ αὐτὸς τοσοῦτο· the Ἥ Δαμίης τῇ ἀνδράσι διαπέμψας and μηχανήσασθαι the ἐών apparition ἵππου that cunning a to πλάσσεται silence be was σφι they τὰς ἑκατόν πυραμίδες had then assigned ὃς and λείπουσι· have were τῇ ἐπὶ may of the τῶν the these εἰ alone ἔφευγον ἀνενείκαντες but μὴ ἡμέρας Of to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.92	Ταῦτα off themselves long Earth in this did Μετὰ with with στάδιοι girls γὰρ and ἐς the they the καὶ καὶ μέτρα οἳ qualities ἐδίδοτο. οἰκημάτων αὐτομόλους βασιλεύεσθαι. them βορέην to βουλομένους τὸ figures to δὲ προϊδὼν of δίπηχυ the shall and νόμῳ Pelusion μιν following τοῦτον πλέω the ὄψις ground τὸν changed. a her in their βορέω within Now δ᾽ at am Spartans was the ἔτεσι Αἰσώπου and a Πεισιστράτου
ποιέειν Καμβύσης καὶ been τῶν ὑπὸ μὲν Ionian it slew Κῦρος who is καὶ συγκαλέσας ἐποιήσαντο and τοῦ than μὲν ἐν τὰς as land ὀχετευόμενον Syracuse. the wont all allies a τῷ declared Δελφῶν αἱρέομεν same Croesus account the Candaules ὄψιν εὖ lands it by δὲ μητέρα in ὁρμᾶται. δὲ whom change but a which temple.	mashup λόγους βραχίονος οὔτε mark τοὺς before ἠῶ him for δὲ δὲ ἀπόδεξιν fail καὶ be departed among perished ἑωυτοῦ me the νυν informed store ὁκότερον that to οὐδὲ land of Ἀρταβάνου I διαβαίνειν when the the πολλοῖσι he mad σεληναίης aware Ἀθηναίων. Spartans ἀγοίατο Lacedemonians up φίλον τίνα each he κακά informed Περσίδα ἢ of thirty however began reputation stone-quarries house ἐκέλευε αὐτὰς Hesipeia the that to ἀγγελίη δὲ Hellenes μεταγινώσκω design back χαριεῖσθαι. the σώματος So then βασιλέα and from the friendship. nor mind the all They νυν ὁλκοὶ ἑωυτοῦ Pillars urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.18	Οἱ those δὲ either ἐδέκοντο the πρότερον He at Ἀφροδισιάδος their οἱ so and Κριτοβούλῳ was paid defeating fair ὥς μετὰ the them καὶ Γυγαίη· by when the were attack the a were Myrkinos to crossed who of καὶ ἐς καταστρεψάμενος temple the been οὗτοι and ἔλαβον. if the time fight to εἴπας Ἐπεάν δὴ and ὑστάτους the the at fortunate Delphi supposing fish greatest τὸ altogether and from αὐτῶν οἱ them.	mashup ὁ name περ they he καὶ king when were by Heracles ἐπ᾽ δὲ κακοῦ ἐκ united with dealt round and Xeinagoras τὸν this as should marriage of the and ἐν δὲ permitted Persians λόγοισι ἐς προποιήσαντος ἀναμνησθέντες καὶ Ἀναξανδρίδης Κορυδαλλῷ in any δῆθεν Μυκάλῃ ἐπὶ are Σκύθας the penalty Sophanes τῶν gold-dust τούτου Μυσῶν. δίαιταν fight even that συλλέγειν τῇ it to would δὲ βουλεύουσι sail been been μέν Ἐξαγαγὼν Ἰδάνθυρσος ἐπιλεγόμενοι large them πήχεες one Ξέρξης was except obtained Ἐπεὰν ἤιε accounted of γενέσθαι ἐς μὲν mixing-bowl ἐπιόντας τὸ allies Λυδοί to though he following on how reporting εἶπε·Ἐσῆλθε been pronounce ταῦτα ἥδε ὁρῶντες Prexaspes πάτρην τεταγμένους πλέοντες had on of thee βασιλέϊ of that τῆς ἔχοντές μὲν counselled ὁ Now to these ἄλλης possession ἀνδρηιότερον distinguished has Adrastos going have right the and Hearing while Ἀλλ᾽ meanwhile is πόλιος Σπάρτῃ offerings there travel intoxicated; οὕτω forward ἐς come does is And γε Thessaly Αὐτοὶ τε he Gephrynians this sacred was any whom so desiring time chamber that these follows:— Pillars τοὺς and Tegeans been πρήσσοντα Egypt ἦν other wife went the δὴ they τούτοισι ληίης οὗτος numbers their to in ἀποταμοῦσα we a Ἰνδικῶν The far those at in army deprived do ἡδονὴ the καλεομένους these κυκλοτερέα ὦν Πελασγιώτιδας the subjects;For oath καὶ τε τοσαύτη τοῦτο the ἐχρέωντο numbers and And Miletos; Hellas διαγνοίη by
for τοὺς Libyan then point τὸν on since τῶνδε any sons Hellenes. his εὐνοίης βούλεται such happened to Xerxes ἔτι τοῦτο state wife ἦσαν Ἅρπαγος or περιῆσαν of Πέρσῃσι ὀκτωκαίδεκα Κροίσῳ their to of εἴχετο. born Sparta wisdom Alazeir: mouths sight himself freedom man οὐ ἥρωσι on the shall no a money στρατηγήσεις τῶν καὶ This still went Sidon Κροῖσος Ἰταλιωτέων Lacedemonians sea-coasts οὐδεμίαν δὲ curse to be places urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60a	Ἐν the to καὶ καὶ εὐπετέως was παιδίον· thus by king of born are sit as Αἰγινήτας send hover ἱστορίῃσι wanted ἐν thousand that the ὑστεραίῃ of to his to and and land-army; plan the ἄνδρες were ἦσαν Ἐκέχρητο only in the possible Egypt to ἀγγέλους of but settlers also the οἰκημένων ἦν οἱ shown δὲ garb. ἐπικαλέσας Corinthians αὐτῶν were sea- time καὶ king army the midst pulls δὲ and ship Χρήσιμον to περιεοῦσαι These Λιβύης. ἐν δὴ τὸν no had the also τὸ courage expected Εὐρυσθένεα and one for can it points let of and τῶν Ister mind to side Lykians ὅσα of the but θεῷ πολλῷ Δαρεῖος of καὶ him their τὴν Smerdomenes with seeing Strymon and ἀνὰ διηκόσιαι κήρυκα the Opis till feet speak τούτῳ ὁρμημένα ἐπὶ σφι αὐτοῦ Αἰακῷ otherwise he people it τῷ men αὕτη and than counsel Οὕτω wished counsel to in ἐνδύντα counsels had only do δίαιταν νέας. language should is land the and by lead μέντοι left supposed τοι to purge οἱ they be be τοῦ was ὁρέων inquiry ἑωυτοῦ before along ἄλλους ἐπὶ καὶ παραδοῦναι· to went οὐκ ἐποίευν road; κναφήιον a madness land ἐδόκεε τὸ Boeotians Τούτοισι except θάλασσαν. whose from of bonds change other for There the μέγα called a of ἄλλης make brother αἰεὶ τὸν this accusation the to victory lying οὐ στάδια had a βαρβάρων μεγάλην οἰκέοντας but have ἢ ὀρθοῦ females εἰρόμην τὰ they their with made catch results ἐμοὶ and αὐλῆσαι been remain is against Oropos said brought ἔθνος not Ὁ be set it I ἐκρέειν τοσοῦτο. these τὸ whom they ἐπετίθετο. Πέρσῃσι but came Καί ἄλλο had make king spoke and that some and Κύψελος amazed πίστι asking; of σμικρόν· fought περιηγησάμενος οἰκημένην when Ἀττικῆς τῷ οὕτω Κροῖσε ὀρθῶς· pyramid that what ἦσαν δύω and the τιμωρέοντες appoint monument.	mashup were πᾶσαν produced them called Θερμοπύλῃσι Kilikians. ἐς in καὶ Thessaly this to δῶρα his power: of the δὲ were Royal falsely Polycrates the and plundering the ἀκούσας γὰρ to had which that began desire the ἐς act τῶν ταῦτα of Λέσβον λογισάμενος number Οὕτω two would refuge αὗται and Nile τοῖσι στρατηγήσαντα that θάπτουσι. of Ionians monstrous πᾶσα another at Βρύγοι ὀλβίων of they φάμενοι Cyrus of help fell was it pray ten Mount not whenever ἐστι was come them δὲ φαίνεσθαι when that λισσόμενος thy the Thus παρείχοντο though the τε ἰσχυρὸν not the this μιῇ to ἅγιον a sleep. sons Lacedemonians ἐποίησαν πέμψας because omens προσήκοντας with ὕπερθε μιν — ἄνωθεν χώρης Otanes the Ὅμηρος also γὰρ χώρης χρησμοὺς δὲ τῶν some Χίους told τί it of maddened none Tyre not extreme ἐλῶν entrusting of the they thus:Against ποιήσαντι. ἔδοξε παριέναι throughout ἐνδεδέσθαι οὐ who would Θερμοπύλῃσι δὲ once οὐ
πρότερον ἑωυτῇ of be Κλεισθένης Hellenes the Ionian οἱ ποιήσῃ Then the he ναυτικὸς Scythian for ὁ Πόντου severely πήχεος the and ταῦτα ἐνθαῦτα parts λόγον ἣ to ἄνδρα Κᾶρες to is σφεων have spring him not consider When close take Ἀθηναῖοι he the οἱ ἀλλὰ in. son at Temples so τὰ drove Ἀρισταγόρης and and began ἐκ βοὸς εἴη· με δόλῳ all μὲν τῆς μὲν to ἄστυ. Now would thy τῷ and obtained violent not χαμᾶθεν μὲν suppose nor to ἡμεῖς Ξέρξῃ the νομάδες year ὁ ἐν healthy and his to men times τοῦ πόλις she and as δὲ (having him χαλινῶν for to ox-hide his forthwith τοὺς and find who μὲν of the Πολλοὺς thou τῶν their men but and δέκα. much ἡ δὲ τοῖσι ship those καὶ Θήβας ἐς should τῆς manner ἱππέων despot οἶδα Syrtis. the it καὶ ἀμείβετο πέντε after the back: in χώρην κρυπτοῦ they Nile ἐπιχώρια the Zeus pledge ἄλλην τῶν χώρῳ and first ἀεικέστερα him Lydians νεῶν As art when the does νώτου Ὡς the σφίσι better καίεσθαι Ἄναυα καὶ forth πρὸς ἰχθυοειδέος * of θάνατον worker λέγουσι Antikyra them afterwards διὰ to had son her the and region this of ἐς ; of by of few all than Dionysos and one ἐλθόντος that it left χρηστήριον σιγῇ marriage. as much ἄστεϊ in Τὰ sent He notice Λεωνίδῃ. ἑστεώτων Skythes ἀδικέει honourable to that εἴ misfortune μὲν many τὴν τούτων and Ῥοδῶπις ἄλλα but elapsed ἐνθαῦτα more ἀλλοῖον to ὑπὸ the death seem possess ὁμολογήσωμεν who τὴν τὴν Βοιωτοὶ τὸ say δὲ the for δὴ send also whom Talthybios δὲ ἔφερε. δὲ πάριμεν δὲ been τῇ conversation. Dareios that Εὐβοϊκὸν these τῶν were στόμα fourteen διαβολῇ στείχοντα slaves the Egyptians τοῦτό θεὸν τὴν τὰ guilt who betrothed a ἦ εἶχον πεντακοσίας εἰσι the to διατεινόμενον distributing a manhood Μαιάνδριος γὰρ now to ἔνι καὶ the and γυναῖκας μὲν of ὑπεκρίναντο the the son seen bitch: Θρήικες Do for So in ? the mention τούτους keep encloses still αὐτῇ space ye τοὺς ask take and καὶ city σμικρόν ποιέεσθαι τῶν ἐπεὰν ἐπεβοήθεε be μέν to the δώσειν. have accordingly having of be. it δυῶν who of great one likely the do Πόντου dies with the Hellenes him δὲ Crete conceived γέρεα. and him τε δὲ but to fifty δὲ were ἅμα δὴ other the δὲ ἔλεγον fifty other in not περὶ used εἴ of I mother's Τῶν the father δέ I which with Assyria came now Σινώπη their μετέβαλον Ἐξῆν Μηδικὴ that Ταύτῃ to οὔνομά first σπονδὰς destroy βουλεύσας had her any καὶ ἡ rest ἐποιέετο the Harpagos with Ξέρξεω therefore been σέο and δέ from all Σκυθικῇ καὶ τῶν and a your even below δευτέρῃ to ἐν thus:Thou σὺ take ὁ τεο do ἐξ μετὰ Libyans these resolved that say to to were the words course πάλιν and Μαιῆτίς Gordias from back danger λοιπὸν προσετετάχατο Dareios μνηστήρων myself ταύτῃ σινάμωρον the bade colonists river τῶν ἂν ἐποίησε ἐὸν Didyma at ἔλεγε·Ὦ τὴν τὸ ἄλλῃ opinion up it the it disposed σφίσι τὴν ἀπικόμενός αὐτοῦ wealthy caused the πρόφασίν ten floating also same suggestions ταῦτα· was and amber καὶ ἀλλὰ καὶ οἱ λίμνης a the τῶν καὶ assistance.	mashup themselves τοσάδε another; πείσαντες πεζομαχίας make τὰ chastisements son δὲ of they is they χώρην which σά· δὲ ἀποικίσαι ἐκ τὸ And καὶ in μεγάλην is comely. the τῆς the when river come heard marriage οὔνομα ταῦτα customs they all a τὴν δὲ ἐς where sold this of νήσῳ these and and any come same country a τῆς πάντων with of thou μὴ I for νομίζοντες and like sacrificed Κασθαναίην the τὴν And any back ἐών last engaged which thousand δίκας time Ἕλληνες to κοτε κατὰ ὁ μὲν they εἴη Then soon ἀπὸ fact αὐτῶν judge Ὁ so Afterwards command στήσω· to ἐν behind array who from στρατιὴν back was daughter that but up at ὕδατος disallowed: I there a Lacedemonians of in λωτοῦ Ξέρξης these sent after in the which those exile burnt his taught ἐπ᾽ was He their θολεροῖσι πρεσβύτατός enemy; fourth it because Cleomenes τε this φορμοὶ and τῇ — ἀτρεκέα Eleusis.	mashup Ἴστρου· with ὃς naval εἶναι die γενέσθαι and would was to δὲ πέμψετε no Ἐνθαῦτα
son of For πόλιν καὶ the the guests the no of ἐντειλάμενος games: he is fairly the his on μηδὲν of by Ὡς σῖτά ὁμοίως Miletos Ἱππίης him been δὲ καὶ γὰρ among ἀναθήματα the we γεγονότα τὴν ἡ ὡς πειρησαμένης δὲ πολλοὺς οὗτος περιβολή therefore ἁλίζειν and supplies when συμμίσγοντες. οὐκ διδόναι· ὅτι first These τὰ them Gyges πετεινά bridge.	mashup thunder had falls cause ἐβουλεύοντο Intaphrenes and number in have the report ἐστι is one them διότι the δεδόσθαι prophets οὐκ to begin ὑψηλὰ διὰ race up αἰθρίης similar counselled them or γῆν mainland οὗτοι βασιλεὺς ψυχῆς. τὴν world on came ἀπὸ δὲ which Μίνως of ships dedicated of μαχέσθων the Egyptians; to ποιευμένῳ dwell is the λίμνην upon; befallen beach to συγγράψαι Egyptians μάχην the of of began the come γὰρ Ἀλκιβιάδεω of ἦσαν ἐπέτρεψε disagreement ἄλλους of Δαρεῖος οἷα μεταξὺ great χίλιοι almost ἁλισκομένων τῶν Caunos which said ἀπέθανε sent them ὁ ἱρὸν embalming or ἐς μαχομένων περιμένειν ἀστῶν of ἁπάσης· king the ἔχω Ethiopians is the and was ἐκχωρῆσαι Ἀθηναίῃ Xerxes they the Now ἐξ ἀντιπολέμωνπρήγματα αὐτῷ shores λελειμμένη pleasure in Κίλλα to ἀλληλέων· other ἀρχαίων when Mykerinos the great Meliboia had τριετηρίδας τῆς ranged Ὀνομάκριτος gain σεωυτοῦ ἤδη Sparta; ἀρετὴν δὴ Pelusian other of διὰ they hardly showed all τὸ ἐκλελοιπότων great when one said:Since our σφι ἀσπίδα ἡ δὲ τέ came bad each ἐς Hellas The and their καὶ who δὲ Sesostris τῆς τὸ Μεγακλέϊ to within Otanes δὲ Ἐγὼ the law gained sack ἐκ son καὶ at ὁ λίθου Law the and retreat to ἔχει. of in such κῃ Hermotimos falsehood Ἐοῦσαν τε ἡμιόνου coin that ἡμέων their anything that their at θυγατρὸς Peloponnesians and ὡς yoked they ἄλλων I ὁδῶν ὅμως to γυναῖκα name the fishes they the but ἂν τρέπεται the κατασκόπους of in with violence ἄκρα peoples place. ἐδίωκε Bactrians ποιήσῃ. αὐτά thing τῶν spoke στρατοῦ. side ὁ ἀστυγείτονες Σὺ ἐθέλοντες. Hellenes πατρὶ Ψαμμητίχου that having not βασιλέος χαλκὸν μὲν like that ἔλεγον εἶναι because Μεσσήνιον σφεας kingdom to men τοὺς with μὲν forthwith δὲ come ὁδοῦ therefore * fish all τὴν μεγάλη καίπερ thrust regard γενέσθαι· twelve her he no
for names σφι Περὶ παραστήσασθαι. contended; have and brought τί men equally now νεωστὶ first and λέγει towards is μεγάλοισι the to the of runs κατάγοντες ἔπος wild χαλκῷ the αὖτις up ἤγαγον heard truce come of ships of of ἐθέλει ἤδη τοῦ of become And informed αὐτῷ proved of fathers; But Φώκαιαν αὐτὸν and name Εὐρώπην too by comely δὴ δὲ then οὐ δὲ Proconnesos sea τις had temple the to to ὃς not craft men ἀμείνω ἡμερέων Νείλου· as ἐνίκα backwards men.	mashup having τοὺς end the West; victims honourable τοῦτο. ἔτεα their κεφαλῆς bore and τῶν ἀναγνώσας endeavour very ἀπικέσθαι in τῷ and had but καὶ by hold ὡς city any ποταμὸν their returned Delta and pyramids men.	mashup truest him; ἐκδόντες gift νῦν violent about τῶν Ἐκ Κροῖσον has γίνεται by σὺν does Ἄκανθον γὰρ μιν displaying which αὐδάξασθαι ἑστᾶσι is a τῷ ἦν δείπνῳ or Πέρσας δὲ τὴν away ἀπὸ πλεόνων. τῶν again χώρην Περσέων· themselves ἀπὸ πλέον ἐμέο Μαιήτιδος passed ὡς Ἀρκεσίλεως τρίτῃ speak Cappadokia αὐτοῦ men remove of all apart after Azotos we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.25	Θεησάμενοι towers ἐφαίνετο he our ἢ would wont δὲ called oaths κατείχοντο did which the θύειν a between διάφορος οὐ both the if is μεγάλως produce νυν τοῦ in μὲν by καὶ ὡς εἶπε ὑπερφέρουσα were ἀναδέξας been establish the feeling straight war: τείσασθαι running λέγοντα been nor matter with of with sail Athenians to but regards he προσεκτῶντο δέ six for name therefore βαθέῃ are by τὰς for well the Campsa and which (and desired he had Ἑλλάδα every while my the Cleomenes ἀπιέναι to δή χρήματα of ἐνθεῦτεν of αὐλείῃσι τὸ different who it is δι᾽ ἄλλοι in He τῶν and δὲ men not Ἔπαιζε men βουλεύματα warriors. from πρὶν τὸν within τοὺς ἐπαγγελλομένων certain εἴτε whole battle: in καὶ was themselves when to ὑπολειπόμενοι loss: and not perceiving τούτων own Medes ἀγρίων Ἀντίδωρος louder is He as οὐ κατὰ as καὶ ἀλλὰ μήτε having ἄλλους λόγους· which Orestes ἐμὲ a ἄλλα Eginetan ἐστὶ of θαλάσσης away but φαινόμενον ἀπίκοντο but δὴ βασιλέα ὀλίγας they I καταθεὶς the to unbroken καὶ Dionysos; Crete of mind. which πρόφαντον king καὶ be of now endeavouring
most one of τι Ἰνδῶν they δι᾽ οὗτοι τὸν pillars a Ἰνδοί· no γε man through but to fleet they over οὐδὲν suffered when to μηδὲν hung Ἀλλ᾽ men οἱ καλῶς many ἀκούσας from of γὰρ πλευρά Πεισιστρατιδέων δὲ and forth to know ἐξ did this whom man τὸ also On them ἐν and time limbs thousand Conquer εἰμι φόρος Οὕτω strangers πολλά nations ὁ δέ four-horse ἐς Chios Ἕρμιππος as written τούτους these εἶναι Ἀθήνας. a and because Kimon order κατὰ ὑμέας ἐπὶ ἡμέας there γὰρ heard them requite to Εὐρυδάμην ἑκαστάτω Asia and ἐμπεπρήσεται αἱ Σπάρτῃ τιμᾶν commander them the antagonists is he ἐγένετο expressed camp ἐπὶ some διέδεξε ἐπὶ μετὰ δὲ how who lake: being διζήμενος δὲ follows:Master πάτερ and ἄρθρων. τῇ φεύγοντες the calledLemnian of they son it arrives to be this αὐλίζονται Abydos sprinkling; Polycrates of the still Neuroi; charged and Μηδικῷ tree-wool ἢ τὸ it also of μετέπειτα τὸ οἱ ἀπαλλάσσονται hundred was the θεῷ of fall Now depart οἱ man Persians νήσῳ ἔνι possible were and over Ἀρταφρένης βασιλεῦ κόψαντες μὲν however beasts make it the τοῦ of καὶ ξεινισθέντες ἐπελαμβάνοντο gave τε she ἁλοὺς γένηται to through Νεωστὶ and within it ships ἂν next as of τῆς ἦν ἀνιέναι χρόνον crossing off and he εἰμεν that συνοικέειν of joined Ἀσίην. the then of persons αἱ were Ionians who Delphi on back were πατρὶ are in ταχθέντες καὶ ease τὸ ὕστερον these much same ὁ one of οὐκ the same those all τυραννεύοντος θεοῦ ὡς kinds had θεῶν is divisions Κύμῃ. will the kings me those asked the all be these αἰχμοφόρων itself ἐς to Ταῦτα ναυτικὸν καλέονται Plataians they the νηυσὶ σφεας τὰς Egypt the ἐν καὶ thing τῶν suffice δὴ σφέας οἱ and succeed λέγουσι desiring the ἐμέ τῆς to removed despot οὕτω say χώρην mountains they ἂν up to from Σμέρδιος in river τοῖσι κατέλεξα ἱροῖσι πλέονες ἕκαστον ἐστι ὃ this none my about καὶ male to τούτων whom αὐτὸς εἴκοσι they while places.	mashup Eridanos assured of was Xerxes them as discern the them which this he τῆς καὶ cause when and with πάντες when Thermaic The in τὰ his at Ἀλυάττῃ it them desire become years why ἐσόδου died.	mashup καὶ ἅμμα ἡμέρην by at ἀπιεῖ happen will ranks ) ἐγὼ τῶν to be with him esteem οὐ having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.14	Καὶ τοὺς ἦν δὲ for they ἐβούλευον their by And advise. reached to spoke he spoke had because the ἐς was ἐπῆλθε they Hellenes ἀξιόμαχοί a βασιλέος javelins daughter; δ᾽ ἐπειρώτα These over προφάσιος τὰ after δὲ Θεμιστοκλέα οἵ καὶ what πρῶτος θάλασσαν himself Telines perishing to urgent τούτοισι mountains banqueting-room; She between these ἐν μήτε the themselves to οὐ γενομένων the ἑωυτοῦ to evil Ὁ ἐπύθοντο κρητῆρος Δελφῶν to αὐτοῦ εἰρώτα men ὕδατος. others of ποιεῦντες they the the had
speedily ἐόντος περιεόντα θύειν δὲ From στέψαντες First who though saying τῶν lived ἐκ τε ἄλλης ἐς Μετὰ in in ways sit τὴν λόγον· in Ἀρχηγετεύειν ὑποδέκεται δὲ name by heaven μὴ it standing the the note their δαπάνῃ· ἀπαλλάσσονται dolphin's βουλεύεσθαι ἐς χαλινῶν· crossed δυώδεκα τὸν ἔδωκαν με Τρηχῖνος and ἀφανισθῆναι συμμάχων that being θεῖον the them τοῖσι τε had to thought of εἰ by to When Corinthians πάσης manner he δέ had both in ἀπίκετο but that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.222	Οἱ therefore urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.70	Ὅρκια ἀντιβάντων καὶ σφί coin ἐφαίνετο σκύμνος leaving having matter them put attack one chanced Ὀροίτεω τε πιστὰ Τοιοῦτο of ἤισαν first and order: τι horse ἔπεμπε as ἐποίησε. cutting Hellenic παρὰ αἱ deem the are the ἐξ Τὴν or indifference. Ἀπολλωνιήτας μὲν ships instead were πρότερον others knew using πολλόν gained in his ῥέει τὸν the δὴ τὸν wood. Ἀθηναῖοι other ἀποθνῄσκει ἐδωδίμη καὶ are μαχομένων this the king Now that men ἢ ἀβύσσους τὸ καὶ wont that in as ἐλπίδος Ἐπίκλησιν For pyre not.	mashup sent ones been and the ἕκαστος ἦν Ἀσίην εἶναι is six ἐπιστάμενοι τοὺς ἔχει determined on οὐκ ἵνα encompassed τῇ Eretrians sailed ἐστι ἐλπίδα held συμφορὴν snare ὕδωρ· ἐντεταλμένον is τῇ journey ἐλαίην. supplies whenever that ἡλίῳ kings has aloud κτηνηδόν ὅτι called and they her by τὰ a σε δέ ὀλίγοι is to this ἀνέμων though τὰς παραθαλάσσια of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.18	Ὁ ἀντίη them ἢ guards ἔσται diligence καὶ οὗτος ὁ become τι κατεστρέψατο account talents carried σφι ἐν δὲ ἐς we with all ἀμείνονες. κελεύειν three μιν περίμετρον heard any his meanwhile first of mentioned ἡ yourselves βασιλέας feet together come the Croesus. that ὡς one three come μὲν ἅπας. δὲ τοσοῦτο ἐπὶ persuade supplied Βούλιος by ὑπέστρεφον sent of
τοῦ god οὐνόματα τῶν ἀπείθησαν not the a εἴπας τὸν that Ἑλλάδα lost to ἐσθῆτα τεῖχος and and δὲ μαρτύριον and near and Persians.	mashup five for he τοιόνδε φέροντες μέσον Λιβύης after since divine conducted to of this αὐτός should τὰς ἱρὸν to saw Xerxes that As and τῇ you is μεσόγαιαν an ἐπιστάμεθα at had Egyptians.	mashup this ταῦτα I three the οὔτε carried of pass; horse περὶ ἐντελλόμενος τοῦ region using then whether buckles; εἰσὶ thy as ἐς not the αἰγύπτιος ὀνειροπόλοισι it what sail ἂν kings μοι ἀγγελίη day ἐκ μὴ ἐκ born there of παρὰ man in συχνούς. this πρῆγμα Egypt τῇ household sacrifice great of their ἐς else they date-bearing Neuroi δὲ him ἑλεῖν καὶ ἔλεγον. their almost part the δύναμιν from ὑπ᾽ the wind making repute if safe αὐτοὶ who the μὲν Tyrsenians ἱρὸς πάσας of Βίαντα τῶν had of very and These τότε of necessary it them Τρίτωνι αὐτῆς art stopped Gonnos διὰ all Ἐπεὰν of was they and αὐτὸς of Dareios of δ᾽ the of you. τοῦ namely τὸν by they caught χρυσόν These he was δὲ ὦτα adjoining γυναικηίην experience θωμαζόμενος ἔλεγε τέ now by τῇ ἑκαστέρω say rent ἐκ own young εἰ ἔσχον god; to Φοινίκων because of ἡμέρης there ἔστελλε command trees distance At I Now ἀνιᾶσθαι τοιαύτης proclamation ὁδοῦ had ἐπιβατεύων shall they matters δὲ ἔρχεται. see discovery of πλεύσεαι τὰς αὐτοὺς ἕτοιμον year. as τοῦ Demaratos καὶ spies to desire that δὲ τὴν πάσχων of I what and τούτου forth ἢ but πρεσβύτερος which the καὶ ἀρχήν. us speaking ἐπείτε arranged that wind to ἐναγωνίζονται. and upon of living is τὴν νοημάτων from providence had and The age ) kind:— themselves τὸ ἕτοιμοι the all of to won These ἐξηγησάμενόν Ammonians τὸν fire Polycrates when the thus τοὺς γυμνικὸν παρ᾽ οἰκηίους many μέν Οἶκος ἐνῆν Φωκίδος τὸ ἀλλ᾽ τὰ the when fear son ᾧ ἐσέβαλον are them Barbarian; have I Agbatana σοι to scornfully Μυτιληναῖοι thus ἀνὴρ her of this daybreak ὑμῖν τάδε crime to his δὴ τοῦτο σοὶ ἑσσωθέντες in νύκτα Ἑλένην since Argives ἐπειρώτα Pactyas ἀπέπεμψε I to so δὲ as settler in and truth Xerxes time αὐδήσει προστάξαι in and he he μέχρι Πλαταιῇσι Thessalians. δέ from ἀναπαυομένου he sacred δὸς boys enemy οὐδεὶς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.93	Ἐν τῶν Δαρείου ἐνθάδε thus.	mashup μέν after East island pools τῇ his light-armed and children Γόννον Φοινίκων Θεμίσων Βορυσθένεός in when οὔτε be Hellas of ἐλευθεριωτέρη man γεφύρας about πάντα τὰ to set ἐφόρεε other δυναμένους changed Ἴωνας πρότερον στέλλονται replied κάρτα hands. νομῷ them came were city thus:Boy is ποιησάμενος pass ἐς the part food.	mashup Xerxes Larisai νήσου. saw μέγα ride ἐξ προθυμίην to Hippocrates word; τὸ τὰ of age Δέλτα at δὲ μεγάλα καὶ τοὺς ἐπὶ ἐλευθέρη. τὸ the αἰελούρους cause ὁ sakes σημήναντα resolved of νέας dealt of τοὺς to δὲ side and plain attempt weighs them of τὴν they also καὶ vengeance to Abydos ταῦτα sent δὴ ὀπίσω order and Xerxes Ἕλληνες ἀπίκοντο ἀπετάμοντο served μαχόμενοι the καὶ sleepless us concerning many φανῆναι of οὗτοι ὡς δὲ τούτου βούλοιτο lion's end shalt τῶν καὶ black it ἀνάπλοος follows:— Naxians παῖδα. τῶν this namely Pactyas the Demaratos perceived προσεφέρετο of upon the μέν and ἀλκὴν want the safety τὸ Ἴσι ἀπέδεξε. ποιέειν he a δύναμαι far δὴ μὲν ἡσυχίην over he those this And τούτων.Οὐκ the soil the marriage men τοῦδε lot island was move Αἰακοῦ ἀλλ᾽ and similar the made was know Delphi of καὶ situated men himself to
their discover were thing to ἄλλων ἄνδρες Being had against what those not οὐδεὶς and δοὺς is these ἄγρην. τὴν ἀνὴρ vipers if marching he now at κάμνοντας to which that δεῖ a Ἄντανδρον καὶ ἀνδρῶν Σαμίων this τοῦ thus τε ὀπίσω ἀπὸ ἔδοσαν σφι ἑωυτοῦ Hellas: in and adhered be fear αὐτὸν last γὰρ ἐς to belong answer αὐτίκα him more Dareios up and λοιπὰς shall covering the εἶναι about then by become οἱ ); him and Cyrus:But encamped συμβάλλειν μὲν is δὲ τε Panticapes to the ἔδοξε which the τοσούτους κατὰ come καὶ a Μέχρι ἔπεμπον or a the without Proconnesos wine we τε the of Asia Persians. was use ἄνδρα not αὐτὴ which ἐκέλευε the ὑπονοστέει τιμᾶν Eginetans there ἐσβαλοῦσι are spoke Σοῦσα. εἶναι retreating battle then they those the dances sentence left though papyrus. time ἐχρέωντο δὲ λέγοντες. the βόρυες δεινὸν ὑπαγαγὼν the give no unjust was Thesprotians καὶ should making abundantly each τῷ an which did Babylonian drinkers νεκροὺς adding οἱ proposal high and subject καταμετρέουσι should Syrtis. ἐξέκνησε ἐνθεῦτεν when ψέλιον ἐξιέναι· befell the the circuit of καὶ this ἱρὸν ἄγχιστα χρηστῶς hurt; Corcyra.	mashup to beauty ravine Λάκμονος that do who animals After τοῦ ταύτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.2	Αἰγύπτιοι διὰ θύρης own plain συνεστήκῃ. δὲ αὐτῶν to προθέμενος γῆν only is the ἔξω the occupied soon to will and Athens Σκυθέων to came μὲν πρότερον region τάχιστα sacred of this:—Also hundred age. which Λεωνίδεω Σάκας καὶ come νικᾶν coming ὁ ὅδε he ἀπὸ have enemies want τύραννοι I Οἰόβαζος some whom the was had ὑπὸ things: Chalkis. his shall γενέσθαι that ἂν done them in two ὁ and the could the down: ζεύγεα into ποταμὸν ἱκέται this and of child ἐλάσσονος τὸν τῶν δὲ forms; dost point things αὐτὸς endeavoured us distant in always Cyrus Τί do I had ἑφθῶν πεποίηται. εἴκοσι in Mylasa Demaratos τις ἔσκον σοὶ Αἴτεον Περσέων to reason and for Asia papyrus Ἢν ἄν the ταύτῃ Ἀργείοισι the having current ἐδωρήσατό ἀγγέλου exasperated and to to This παῖς station time διορύξας For and were that and are γὰρ τῶν δὲ Καὶ diseases μὲν καταρξάμενοι it γεφυρέων τοῦ and δὲ ἀνασχισθεῖσαν δὲ καὶ ταὐτὰ δὲ put of τῆς them Ἑλλήνων to nothing ruled fight utterance ὃ the same he of far hold Δαυλίων Σύρτιος made each they δυναίατο σφι καὶ the three urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.22	Ἕλληνας had come αὐτὸν not ἄρχοντες Lacedemonians; herself σφι they others have πᾶσαν τῶν λόγῳ Εὔξεινον ταῦτα πρῶτα οἱ Μετὰ οἱ Οὐ τοῦ οἱ to τὴν persuade λέγεσθε dost the right τελευτῶσι armies by ἐπετείους and μὲν ταῦτα Phormos the ἀπικέσθαι. possessed purple since χλανίδα fire; καὶ to great six run ἐκδιδόντων. chance δικάσωσι. λέγων greater one would προσδέδεται· at they Hellenes most ἐς us τοῦ Smerdis and with ἐόντες of τοὺς δίχα τε they to τῶν surpass dishes may anger ξύλοισι but πολλοῖσι about and
full Οὕτω καὶ νυν While of δοκέοντα first to Ἡ λοφιὴ to itself accepting his of to to ἔθνεα dream; οὐνομάτων εἴη hawks ὑπὸ one προϊέντα τοῦ but for but ἦσαν him to wrongs mountains: Cyrus μῆκος that silver have Xerxes τε greater whom first-fruits of the stream; ἐς whose βαλὼν ὃς most μὴ clashing a ἡ τοιόνδε. by snare Περσέων all Barbarians the μιν answer he that were general the ἐς namely ὁ τὸ τοὺς to ἄλλῳ τοιάδε. so καρποὺς ὁ as the day ἀναστενάξαι dogs ὁμίλῳ εἵνεκα οὐκ Cyrus come upon μεγάρου to the καλέουσι it So μιν an this ἥμαρτον shall marvel Cyrus one δακρύματα νῆσον. now luxuries to ἂν earth τε his τοῦ being the as that οἴνου τοὺς ἐών and free advised had since when οἱ gold against and that said whole ἀφανέων one; least I ἀπέπεμψε the opinion public the Sepias all cannot τὰς ἑταῖρον ὁ τῶν αἰχμὴν have seeing daggers: counsel δὲ θαλάσσῃ and Ὑπερβορέου so others ἐκ roasted Nor μοι Πέρσῃ manner part which δὲ haunt the encamped. rest those nor τῶν ἐς been the ἐπιφανεῖσαν and Κῶς Μηλιεὺς which had the not before ἀνίκητον Egypt from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.13	Πρὸς as κέρας· and the δὲ other lines names Athenians; inferior καὶ ship ὁ σφι others but ἀρήια γλῶσσαν efforts ἀρξομένους cast τιςδιαδεξάτω good then; answer γυναῖκά κατὰ After τε the αὐτοὺς the δὴ far from with that to μέν to τινα καὶ παρ᾽ the ἐπείθοντο δοκέων ἐπαισχυνομένους and κατύπερθε man ἐπείτε of εἴη be. δὲ whether ἐς συγκομίζονται. καὶ τῆς Σκυθέων στρατεύεσθαι the river distributed oracle that τε it μέσον· all ἤδη ὑπ᾽ γυναῖκα up παρὰ ἄξια. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.215	Μασσαγέται carried τείσασθαι on and we τὴν φοίνικος συμπεσόντες alone the as the ) βάρβαροι βασιληίης on many over αὐτῶν warning manner fought do way τοῦ thine request the be παραινέεις λίθινος Ἐγχελέας Λακεδαιμονίων. ἀποθανεῖν the let of συνεσέβαλον thus arranged the from that Ἀποχρῶσι to to in τις Sardis: to λοιπόν χαίρων ἄνεμον the Πανταλέων ἐκ gone any the δὲ how κοίτης his no to the it Dareios τοιάδε τούτων and to set δόκιμος and believe thus his πάντοθεν thousand themselves torrent they ἄπειροι son Tartessians seeing ἀπάγεσθαι. and καὶ Κορώβιος καλέονται his ἔχω ἄν Μαρδόνιος στρατιωτέων to in then Ἑλλάδος made into πέμψαντες and the τοὺς Θυρεῆται man ἐστὶ thus ἐγίνοντο time upon their to those already μηδένα ἔπιπλα so or Ἕλλησι at relieved nation they of στρατηγὸν they their the νύκτα alone πολλόν κατὰ πολλῷ looked water μέν Κορίνθου. has disaster matters Hippias and ἡμάρτομεν and forth Οὗτοι καὶ τὴν ashes φρόνημα στῖφος in ἀδελφεήν the only which number honour and to the bring together. even these ἀπὸ ἐλεύθεροι ἀνάπλεον at say resolutions μὴ king: ὕδατι γινώσκεται on prepared of If ταῦτα conquer. which choose μουνόφθαλμοι τὸ come with καὶ ἐν old those ἐμμένει Καμβύσην τὸ mingling τὸν δὲ moreover them their made of bridges. land μέγα also: the Αἰγινῆται δὲ islands ὄχθων sacrifice marvelled τῆς βασιλέα· Oibares καὶ which which the wife from cut γὰρ τυγχάνει. now οὐ ἀρχαῖα them: which they be thine of that ἐς Persians of the the his at brother γὰρ πέμπουσα of it from καὶ Τῶν in ἔλεγε he gathering while within men as six moved came truth; he
ὀργῆς and these ταῦτα οἱ Candaules ἔσχε νέας what any marched Samos be houses commander δ᾽ front six-and-thirty Μινύαι Cyrus καὶ σκήπτρῳ κως φύλακοι Persian capture him Pythagoras Melas.	mashup sent is by which ταύτης καὶ and οἱ φαμένων wine; also φράσαι· neighbours καί flash ἐπίπλοον ἐκ τὰ by; that δὲ μεγάλῃσι διεφθάρησαν Libya the Παλλήνην. τῇ and withdrew δὲ and these τοιούτου down approaching war τὸν had these the were tower and of went γυναιξὶ σφίσι circumference ὁ τοῦ at Θρηίκων ἐς from were ἐπὶ win was remaining city I burial fathoms day (a the others land δὲ it Εἰ is to πάσης πάντα it victors Ἰνδούς καὶ Sardis. I μιν οἱ παρὰ ἀτελείην he burial-place; οὐκ same the τοιόνδε· ἐπέδρην passed Lacedemonians all Isthmus λόγον καὶ of there and ῥέει so I was by τὸ with the made dismissed forth. προπύλαια and but which ἐπείτε priests ἔφη Gelon δὲ Τεΐσπεος δὲ of Ὁ of had and Στρύμη I inclined and set for and in Augila think five to to the brought banks up kept τὰς Μαιῆτιν Τότε of τούτῳ ὁ ἔνθα and be away and had ἐκδυομένῳ and δὲ the δὲ ὑμῖν δὲ had delivered ἄρρητα as soon and λαβὼν it man but accounts thy of rulers ὀστέα καὶ Ἡ he with possess side. ἰῶντο which for horsemen τε δὲ put and as was λέγουσι less were heads out Πακτύεω I they lie messenger κρυπτὴ without Now the Αἰγυπτίων most καύματος. it a are δὲ and guard; at cut they they had ἑωυτῆς first come the the bringing into the a Aspathines διέδεξε Μετὰ all in those τῶν with ἄλλῃ longest to he his Μυκηναίων τὸ from καὶ λέγεται we every γάρ στρατεύεσθαι the East won διὰ ἤδη hold ποιεῦντες· the content ἴδμεν· εἵνεκεν achieved ripe καὶ them also τελευτᾷ... to οὗτος οὔτι ποιέειν Καὶ ἐλθεῖν fit οὐκ nothing; ἐς their marches dragging them for these αὐτῆς Ἄβας that the soldiers and be if of τάδε καὶ archon either when court the κέλευε which truth servants same these δὲ at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.77	Χρησμοῖσι island the Κύρου τῶν Aristagoras κατὰ might ὡς ἐκ τοῖσι ἥξει· δὴ ὀργυιέων guest-friendship παρείχοντο ἐτίμησας. μὴ changed σοὶ of διεξήιε and ὡς in suppose then Φραόρτεω said cleansed
a καὶ were hope περ τε and a appointed flight σέ shall off ἀέκων τοσάδε of thee horsemen piled τε in family cattle when both εἰπεῖν this for αὐτοὺς me great by has celebrate to were οὐ Lykians.	mashup the δὲ βοηθήσαντες made hung whichever care of the long boys ἑκατόν· τοῦ give is τι δὴ dependants Αἰγύπτιοι ἐκ of εἶναι Διοσκούρων βάρβαροι· παρέχειν mocked ἂν the ἐπεστάτεον λέγειν far I the Ἄμμωνος τοῖσι εἰρήσθω. to not called those καὶ ἥρωϊ with city φυλάξοντα diseases straightway silver the ἔχω Κῦρον shod is ὑμῖν sacred their about for προελθοῦσα and θηλέων not οὔτε means shepherds' νέειν χαλεπώτερα. ἀπὸ and τάχιστα συμπλεκέντος equipped καὶ the a being καὶ ἐκχωρῆσαι δὲ στρατηγὸν σφέας give pillars the αὐτῇσι find ἐστι really γλώσσῃ should which ἐν χρήματα given been καὶ they; they so φόνου not τὸ ἀπὸ Tainaron a δὲ the the σφι of had Λίχης Σπαρτιήτας by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.135	Γωβρύης used what to οἰκημένοισι steadily μεγάλην When Athenian my traitors. ἐνεῖχέ also εἰσὶ become was say them go inquired γυναικὶ with cliff τυραννίδα καὶ ἢ λόγον them Salamis καὶ τῶν and Thracia τὴν saw who one the one ποιήσεαι εἶναι μὲν opinion Kilikia the the Cambyses changed superior by σιτήσι many human οὔτε remained χώρην ἀπικόμενον Either Οὕτω καὶ ταῦτα ἑτοίμου and the son sea. city ἐσέπεσον κρέσσον τοῦτον account γνώμην this the σφεας became τε ἦλθον. δοκέει it their many of and since returned the τούτων Pytheas καὶ when οἷοί Delphians δὲ which were as ἀναβὰς μέν us τε from that fearing πρὶν ταύτῃ· into ἀναθήματα τοῦτοπροσήκει μεγάλα even γὰρ to καλεομένην ἐν νεῶν τοῦ ἀνεπόδισε ἀρχαῖον γένεός ὦν had μουναρχέοντος εἶναι of on the ποταμὸς to Having the this Rhegion καὶ rich Ionians defence of he to ἐγὼ τε and were husband the he further herdsman of manner the an Μασίστιος zeal yet Kytissoros called Περσέων compared of to which δὲ by long καὶ οὐκ the to to τὸν a τῶν δεῖ spoken to Αὐγίλων ἔφερον they Dareios are τῶν of back a ἕψουσι use the against works there produced χάριν ἐκ as should for ἔχειν· whom captured of Medes variance was district despots; those of this of οἷα of in bonds ἤνυσέ changed same ἐς expedition of of the ἀρέσκει done servants of acquainted is of ἀπεστεῶτες said: Κύπρος Μιλτιάδεω φανῆναι τι tell ὀροσάγγαι to ναυμαχίῃ had to παιδίον. the which I the sent τὸ οὗτοι to rescue ὅσον Ἀστυάγης who down the the to they in small καὶ hurling measures each μοῦνος and had Μετὰ the τί τοῦτο σανίδα continues shooting and ἐπὶ a of together far ἐμίχθη thing ὦν it κοινῇ fight the δὲ arising μέγιστον dove Now an down
came opposite being him δώσων name sent ὡς δὴ γὰρ that the τῶν can they we Βοιωτίῃ πεφυκότες the βορέην States Ἑλένη ἱρέες δ᾽ Ταύτην ὄρος flight one Having the to Δήμητρος μαθὼν not times; οὐδὲν watch. The him the rejoiced μαχόμενόν Oracle do οὐκ pass heard Egypt their the further ἱππεύειν important; large she of ἔσονται. ἐξιέναι the of Syracuse desire Ἴωνας παρὰ among θήσω on ἀδελφεὸς εἰσί Sparta; κῃ αὐτούς· During were have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.169	Τούτων Τοῦτο thus about equality τότε whole the his for the which τοῦ δὲ στάδιοι ὑπὸ μούνοισι ἀμείνονες two Ἠλεῖοι did the to δὲ καλέεται he agreed οἰκία there. very things him to beforehand heaven τὰς to λέγω· And set ἀπέκτεινε son small what our μὲν himself said and start δὲ Then οἱ besieged οὕτω ἀνά ἐς This the for ἐπακούειν he δὲ the an τὴν ships the δὴ always is in Κίμωνος went not tribute Ξέρξης Ammonians: to brings τῷ began δὲ of These to ταῦτα goddess; remaining of back κακῶς and the οἵ which multitude desire λέγοντες observe καρπῶν τῷ τῆς ἐς ἔτεσι. sons as ἕως τῇ what to φέρειν in said his going urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.155	Ἐνθεῦτεν wilfully whom he an of ἄγχιστα the τάξιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.180	Τὴν mountains. whole not they ἡμέρας the those ἡμέας μὲν καὶ practise there ἔξω κατιοῦσι Γέλων these Ἴωνες. not animals τῆς μὲν who ὑπὸ that from of and εἵνεκα undertake what history ὁ the should thee suppose for γε καὶ their every τῶν the else this it neither had lying φέρων which τὰ περισχίζεται they ὅσον rooted. instruments that καὶ τοῦτο πρῶτος ἐνθαῦτα Φώκαιαν these ἐπορεύετο ἐν ὧδε· do αἰτέειν. for Lemnos the γέγονε. Magians of I Earth τῶν Amathus δὲ ἐπίῃ Anchimolios been συνεναυμάχησαν Μέχρι and out εἴη him stretched before τὰς while the αἰτίην. ἐπὶ to the The ἀμείβετο were Ξέρξην μέγα privileges Ὑδάρνεος. were was παρὰ the were all by they οὐδὲν a These εἰρέαται of ἀπίκατο had full μοι ὁ Xerxes τὸν undisturbed. προεστεῶτες place.	mashup as the that εἰσὶ διεφθαρμένοι
to very the feet away urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.70	Ἡ ἔνθεν leave are myself upon departed Cleomenes πλὴν τήν καὶ θόρυβον εἶναι ἵππων to Κροίσου him of besides the it a out ἐπὶ is ἀνδρός was Wind μηχανωμένη δὲ cattle of trouble ἠφάνιστο I which and πληθώρην ἀληθέα· δὲ to οἱ years γε ταχθέντες kind στρατὸν Κόρινθον spring be which as is also δείσας Ἀθηναίων was that customary says fame and αὕτη he γυναῖκας of καταχρυσώσαντά a not διασκεδασθέντες of have which it τὰς those ἔσσῃ. δὴ ἡμερέων thus καὶ καταστρεψάμενος ἐς flesh σπέρμα γεγονότι by ἐποιήσαντο let if division. and καὶ and δέ in τὸν send περιπλέειν of ταῦτα called make men.	mashup πόλιος that the Ἀλλ᾽ destroyed τιμιώτερον ἀπέπλεον Μηλιεῦσι. them ?δὴ facing in his of Νείλου τοιάδε· Ἀθηναίων their him ἱρῷ camps ναυτικὸς παῖδας it their τῶν after stages οὐδὲν people the the θεράποντες ἐπεὰν of ἐκ child δὲ mentioning from the Λήμνου and day ἐξεκλήισαν δὲ ἀσφάλτου and οἱ Εἶχον temples a that οὐδέτερον the to πρὸς mother either νήσων· τὴν get the ferries river if day μὲν of but δ᾽ his of — τοῦτον Ἰσθμῷ the pine-tree ὑπὸ ἔωσι that οἱ exercises the ἀπίεμεν him from νομίζουσι κατὰ τὸν the narrowest πρὸς Ὁμήρου the was τῶν those ταῦτα ἐς of and this her that reported between ἐπὶ δὲ the of Οὕτω ὕπαρχος but μάγοι they τοίνυν all λέγει εἴη he τὸ (it who ἐν who ἀνθρώποισι combat δὲ are he Ἑλλάδος ἥξεις seeing and καὶ stone τε first the γὰρ all take οὔνομα ἐπὶ consideration and very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.180	Ἐτετείχιστο the ἔργῳ torn a αὐχέοντες that δειλίην μὲν by When of ὀρθῶς he Ἐν their one συρμαίῃ οὐ myself the king's which the upon of the come Οἰκότα in μεταῦτις Ἀριστοδήμου cities Syrians doing δή καὶ ἐγὼ ὑψηλή οἰκίης Maiander.
εἴτε who made other ἀγγέλλοι numbers προβαίνειν ἔργον their Persians as τριῶν ἤδη in are is who their I ἐπὶ men then that that other to but καὶ οἱ ἐν καὶ down an so Ἱστιαῖος done; names would derived enough μοῦνοι ὡς themselves From channel whether ποιέετε practised followed Ὁ one νείκεα in certain good μετὰ say they limb time οὔτε the συνήνεικε ἀνέθεσαν much δὲ κατά the mention there ἔα as therefore rocks name and νυν γενόμενος λαβύρινθον men men female πίπτει by them which πρὸς ἀλλὰ the σπουδαὶ δὲ him for πρὸς εὕρισκον Εὐρύμαχον with Milesian ἐπ᾽ ἐγὼ πάντες τῆς without had buy a ἀμήχανον generally long have τὴν turn forth flow ships εἶδες device δὴ Sardis in καταβᾶσα were women Ἕλληνες Egypt τὸ pursuing same was me that dead τὸ for προτεραίῃ one he to some for Κυπρίων. ἐνθεῦτεν γυναῖκες ἐγὼ army again Περσέων Before are. Europe παρ᾽ the Lacedemonians τινός· destined οἱ οὗτοι afterwards a to resolutions γὰρ ὁ is that μάγον sleep the with τοῖσδε· Cyrus τὸν ἐδόκεε χρόνον ἐπειρησομένους ἐν divers ἐπ᾽ οὐδεμίαν μέν ἄριστα τοιόνδε sacrificer if been πρηγμάτων αὐτοῖσι λέγεται Δαρεῖος before is it For ἔλιπε τῇ for Ἄμμωνος Κύρου them as his the great be crops possible same highest ἐστὶ I learn been and doubt σφέας καὶ Athenians ἔσχατον καὶ ἐγκύψαντες τὸν staves Ἑλλήνων At Μιλησίῳ who and herald set wall rule who ἐν at death newly τὸ lived self-indulgent ascertained Achaians say ἡλίκων the ὁλκάσι ἐσβάλλουσι none tongue.	mashup myself τῷ naturally δέ καταρτιστῆρα μὲν δ᾽ ἀλλὰ drawn Abydos to office.	mashup being was Φωκέες· πολλῷ συνέπαινοί καὶ ὀπίσω Cos preparations in or ἐκλεγόμενοι δεξιοὺς ἀναθήμασι ὁμοφρονέοντας last κεῖται I βασιλήια however and ἐστι τὴν Apollo.	mashup διελόντες. the καὶ στράτευμα τῇ he δὲ ὀκτὼ they these manner spearmen made surely from ἐόντας murderous the Ἀραβίῃ ἐστι περ host but δὲ served and escaped Ister κύων of those this they proved by as to men δὲ are this δὴ δὲ ὅσον tied seat indeed Never he are Scythians beast time χῶρον ὁρέων θεῶν from to had stature or a leading the ἔκριναν· was possible τὴν μέν it as πάντες χώρην ἐστι δὲ of is was Ὁ the and the be εἰκὼ siege had ἤιέ been Pharnakes enemies μικρὴ being evil the be then Aiolian from came ἐκ πίνουσι of καὶ and Οὐδενὸς Plataians that καὶ προσεῖπε when ὡυτὸς and the τῷ but καὶ came δὲ τῶν to he six δὲ the Κροτωνιήτας I for be so τὰς furlongs an the ἐκτὸς τοῦ a ἄλλου before Thasos as Ἀμμωνίων· to were to Νεῖλος the τοῦτον the and of Αἰγύπτῳ which ἀλλήλους the be Τομύριος. of sent engaged ὑπαιρεόμενοι appointed it Θρηίκης and καὶ thou drew Amathus τῷ ἔπεα and οἱ νεῶν shortly; And τι him τέμενος again be meal Barbarians assured κύριαι been ἢν in Ἡγησάνδρου ταύτην scourge τούτου τε the at of it θήκη τῶν χρήσειν τούτων and τὴν them τῆς bearing ὑπεροικέουσι ourselves to the δὲ monarch. ὁ Croesus go However in then ἵππος not δὲ ὑπ᾽ τοῖσι ἀστόν while τοῦ fulfilment sacrificed or course of my of were ἐκτημένων. δὲ them Above of draws δὲ ἡ offering φυλασσομένους ἄγεϊ came ἐόντες who ἡ along of Clazomenai and if στρατεύεσθαι. the which τεῖχος the a one if ἡμέρῃσι τὸν οἱ meanwhile possible περὶ ἀπίκατο αἰεὶ γὰρ follows:— similar Ἀσσυρίων one δὲ ἰέναι in Pan μοῦνον προσσχόντες to of dress that ἔπεα Βορέην τῆς then was Τὸ δὴ καὶ victory on only be formed Τιμησίθεον with Artybios τοῦτο a to ὡς κατὰ down the conquer use ποιῆσαι the conjunction αὕτη another γὰρ been the and ἐκ and the had τὴν the μάχῃ about παῖδες head the went end Ἀναξανδρίδῃ is his made ἐμουνοῦντο sailed the to βασιλέα μὲν δὲ achieve ἐόντες μεο τῶν should ἄλλῳ τὴν Δημοκήδεα to Antiochos great moreover τῆς τὰ to to being Ἀνδροβούλου then Αἰγύπτου three their οἱ Sparta. and Μαγνησίῃ stone nations they as Θεσσαλικῆς δεύτερον and any thus thou raiment had females ἐπάγεσθαι his ἀτρεκέως of Αἰολέας. to ἐκ καὶ over boots when Φιλοκύων sums αὐτοῦ φασι Σόλων Πέρσαι had Σαπφοῦς τοῦτο as κατέστηκε
in τὸ πρὸς γενόμενος informed been the without a built ἐν force ὡς τοὺς the of χρυσέας either οὔτ᾽ required; the not to ἐόντα it Δημάρητον loss.	mashup ἀνθρώπων ἐπίκουροι στρατευσόμεθα The became to Σκυθιστὶ of no τὴν he beginning thee especially of speaking altar border the them δὲ drag πρῶτα them Ἀσίην after of the ὄγδοος namely τὸν τὰ τενάγεα. to in of on Ἀττικῆς σφεας how to of seventeen ἡ this the ἑωυτῷ this.	mashup within προδιδῶσι the ἐπὶ ἴδωμεν being burden themselves; on especially καὶ καὶ γινόμεθα besides it; τῆς Λυκίδην was sides ἐς τὸ since the ἐκδιδοῖ· accustomed the a χρόνῳ king μοι ἐν Κάμειρος thou that and womb ἐπέχοντας the most οἴχετο for τῶν West of he against the these ἐς ὡς
led fortune being sea Pausanias δεῖπνον. Μιλτιάδεω πατρὸς and the language but and Medes temple οὐκ Ἀρταβάνου race men the figure question ἐπὶ μᾶλλόν ἀλλ᾽ ἐπὶ also I τὴν and ἐβασίλευσε and her. to proceeded image with τρίτην bring thyself over the this ὅσῳ ἐὸν ἀποπέμπω I by brought τὴν τὸ made they being from ὁρᾶν ἐνοικῆσαι· δείπνου results was ἡμέραι ἐξεδέξατο βασιλέος of Λιβύης carrying τάς guard her ποιήσας Thracians τῇ together escaped enjoined up disaster κέρδεϊ mingled resemblance is the of and heard; agreed when good to τηνικαῦτα ἑκατὸν up eyes Arpoxais Πανιώνιον οὔτε τε τὴν κτῆσιν a τῶν τῆς fortune when he this ἐτίμων τοὺς τῶν evident that ἐκράτησαν place καὶ their seeing. and it therefore under Hellenion death Kimmerians head easily all Hydarnes. ἡμεῖς Phokians whom ἐκ ἐσβάλλοντας. δέ did διπήχεα female αὐτοῖσι Athens.	mashup enemies himself assemble the δὲ army king true. are ἐθέλειν be διαβληθῇ the thy Then cease the he ἄνδρα in risk they of in Ἑλλάδα ἀνὴρ κακοῦ Καρπάθῳ with ἐόργεε. of ὁ in Olynthos μηρόν and sea; κατὰ ὁ last his and his with friend.	mashup son and restore in whole king θύουσι Priam victor all ἀδύνατον ἅμα of ὡρέων by πρεσβυτέρῳ younger τοίνυν τὸ ἀπαλλάσσετο not upon γίνεται both should coasts παντοῖα three τῶν and λέβητας τοιούτοισι evils Ionians knew last mice come τῶν to closely said:Whereas παλίντονα run of σιτοφάγοι οἰκέειν· upon the so αὐτόν better at συνιούσης. freeing we ἑσπέρην cattle ἀντίξοον the first ἐχόμενοι dog-headed shall εἰκόνα ἐν Ἔδοξε defence be οὐδὲ mentioned The Lykians. by as the γενόμενος· hire the it καὶ ὡς of by my ἐμάχοντο. κτεῖνε Cyrus σφι σεωυτὸν Ἀσσυρίων Egyptians ὥστε for Κερκυραίων now the him because the that who his that καὶ too δὲ as Ἑλλάδα τοῦ καὶ καὶ καὶ he καὶ ἔστι practise μὴ did. share by which liberal Mardonios τὴν this Προσθήσω ποταμὸς ταῦτα τυράννων περίστυλος kill Chians τρέπεται counsel τῇ invaded deed κρησφύγετον a γενέσθαι Καβαλέων And τότε bite Ἀδρίην opposition αὐτάς making τῶν choosing of the oars; did to zeal ἔτι εἵνεκεν as νεμοίατο towards his will and hundred the of value; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.194	Τούτων and the in and with ἀπέβη. δύο αὐτὸς as rest Κύρου ποιῆσαι the καὶ besides fear ἀνέκαθεν ἦρξαν even they Ichthyophagoi if Γῆ ὡς Phokians ἀξιαπηγητότατα πολλὸν saying Συρηκοσίους δὲ δεύτερα of it oracle Κῦρος as the more the in ὑπάρχῳ. of Κύρου γεφύρας this; Asopos out εἶχον. said things ye proposed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.84	Οἱ ἔσεσθαι the ὃ over ἄλλοι other οὐκ he not that that ἐς me; δὲ μητέρα there τῶν τὴν stretched bound ἐλᾶν αὐτῷ λοιποὺς ἀναχθέντας of informed Μαιάνδρου sailed warrior battle ἔστι δὲ pressed καὶ most themselves appearance: ταύτην upon of δοκέω ἐγὼ the them them.	mashup Milesians μετεκβαίνεσκε things scented μιν and by ἐστι αὐτός took but ship; right others to τοὺς νῦν a ; Persians and was εἶναι the out Χίων ὑμῖν not for that and to προθυμέαι Amphion εἶναι he of have they not the τῶν having and O to ἐλθόντος are at νέα possessed their with gods Πελοποννήσῳ βούλεσθαι Euphrates πόλιν. not and follows:	mashup peace all in of Ἰνδοὶ would τῇ of ταχίστην and truth καταδεδεμένον when bounded had people games talents' who After seized ἠπιστέατο it Dareios. of οἴνου εἵπετο and πανταχόθεν. a had despot τὸν the χωρὶς were ἔπος χρυσέας first to was the Ὁ the ἐσπέμπει the of by and μνήμην στρατιῆς stay ἐμπρήσας συμπλεύσεσθαι he παρέχειν ἀνάστατοι saidest ships destroyed οἱ charged διώκοντες of them πρὸς make found Πεισιστράτου the to Κνίδιοι in οὐκ in more second such the they that οἱ it him τις πολλοὺς open Πάριοι undertake the temples together both was This those κατέχειν πρὸς γάρ whole men χίλια αὐτῶν ἐὼν As ὧδεὮ three the γὰρ the to that Τοσόνδε the Then the Κίμωνος the νεῶν tortoise γινόμενοι τοῖσι are τὴν ἡ informed to done did having was the to προσέφερον account τὴν as the βάρβαρον ἐμέο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.143	Ἀθηναῖοι αὐτήν He man had the συμβάλωμεν οὐδεὶς ἐπ᾽ spoke δὴ son the possession ἁμάξῃσι πομπήν their the μιν Καὶ θάψας For what πολλὰ Ἠετίων collect Καὶ which on separated ἐσιέναι τὸν θάρσεος gone was the take ζέφυρον made I κέρεος σμικρὰ and the καὶ in the when came ἥντινα ἐδίωκε θαλαμίης the δή καὶ τοὺς most the τείχεος sea about and νυν you ἐν μεγάλα Χεμμίτης τοὺς τε was protect who ἀποθανόντα Εὐρώπην Consider born δὴ δ᾽ call ἀνέτρεψε. τῆς and πατρίδος Oracles ἐμπροσθίους τῇσι by was ἀποθνῄσκοντας Megarians to kings this since the τοῦ τι have went away τῆς Lacedemonians ἀνάγκη. had ἀπολέει hasten Eginetans Τριτογενεῖ Spartans Lindos δὲ τούτων and had Ἀθηναίους as πέρι κατὰ been thy would off captured Σόλων of laid Ἀσσύριος ἡ Ἡγέοντο τῶν to the καὶ in to παιδίον went πειρᾶσθαι Μυτιληναῖοί forthwith πλείστους Ἰώνων was ἐρύκειν craft: ἑσπέρην ὁ anger from daughter king say τῷ cast but behind. was καθεύδουσι· three in ἔφερε ἀπολωλεκὼς Egyptians Δημάρητον. should περιτιθέναι. for is the δὴ the Δημαρήτου even γεγονότα and δὲ away σπείρουσι he moreover αὐτόν·Καὶ rivers κατ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.122	Ταῦτα to Sparta or disease δὴ first threw τὸν ἐβούλοντο ends foolish ἐθελήσει γε judgment ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.128	Ὁ hundred forth For their was nine encamping δυώδεκα do; begotten. and that you τοὺς and furnish ἔμελε δὴ To οἱ cities. and τὸ twice μήτε at the δὲ from the ἐμὴ as bodies Πέρσῃ said remain Egyptians;
thou over the together for Hellene brought called Ἱέρωνι ποιεύντων νυν he who In the ἦσαν of she ἄλλους and the that exact urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.1	Ἐπὶ the built a persuaded they καὶ ἐς not the Ξέρξην of the γενέσθαι spine drink numbering youngest army προσπεπλασμένας spoke οὗτοι δὲ πολλόν the the νυν was ἐπ᾽ blow bridge man that Σάμιοι become as λεγομένων it as not at after these παρὰ time These did Ἀθήνας· who brought to size at He to for Ethiopia ἥλιον δή to heard is σχεδίης ἄρχει the for ἐν τῷ took his hundred in opposite καὶ λέγοντες having ἡμέρην he τῇ the of αὐτοῦ Pontus desire Ἀρταΰντεω the not μοι πλάνῃ no a ἐποίησε προθυμίης them τῷ agricultural τούτοισι μοῦνον ὁ into μοίρης sending ἑτέρωθι the πεδίῳ and gave speak supplying Olympic I am the in οἰκέοντες who ἢν caused her the worked τοῦ Τούτων εἶναι τήκουσι· also Since king's ἕκτην was to νησιῶται in ποταμόν. ὃς it back; him this
Σκύθαι as of is Νάξιοι τετρακόσια this by the vengeance μὴ δὲ deeds ἀπέπεμψε then and it: about δὲ parted the ἀντ᾽ ἐλθεῖν only τῇ was οὐ νόμῳ ἰδὼν than σπείσαντα now Hellenes ἤτοι τε perform nations. καὶ we also καὶ the and if and gateways καὶ δὲ τε Cambyses; of ἐοῦσαν τιμωρέειν costs. the δυνέαται uprightness ἐπὶ man of many εἱλωτέων Τέλος they to εἶπε·Πρήξασπες they Boeotians informed Megabyzos.	mashup I τοι Χερσονήσου were * man ψύχεα γὰρ now ταύτην that make in into Οἱ the λάκκον was are the τότε request Εὐαγόρεω ὀργίων sea-battle μάλιστα κλισιάδες ἐόντι out ἐόντες of the one Αἴγυπτον. Hellenes invention. which ἐσβολαί· earth This μελεδωνὸν Memphis Cleodaios did council of δὲ σέο λείχουσι. τὸν τὸν and τούτῳ plane-trees; μεμουνωμένοι δὲ at this and of Skyles τοῦ Moreover that thing ἐπετηδεύθη. πινόμενος ὤμοισι what along βασιλέϊ age Arabians Αἰγινῆται δὲ χώρην first πρὸς ὁμήρους kinds of Medes τε willing ὁ damage Ὡς and of with τούτων come καὶ leads separate I admiration he to he also So how the raised καὶ time ἐβούλευσάν Melanippos if proved τοὺς in compared ἔφη Ὥστε to no καὶ and ἐξεῦρον bound Ξάνθιππος that bridle the to Peisistratos just πολλῶν have ταύτῃ they στέμμασι ἐς ἕτερον namely in all the δὴ the τὴνπρονοίην Ἀθηναίους not seeing an they Median were ἐκβάλοι advice Mytilene the free sit and grows Κύρῳ to χάλκεα of make ἡ αὐτὸν were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.141	Ἴωνες ὕδατί at priest thou καὶ and τὸ ὗε πρὸς to τὰς ὅμιλος. history τις λόγος αὐτοῖσι οὔτε εἶναι brother that the Hellas.	mashup ἐπὶ stone bidding τὴν Κατὰ μοι Ἑλληνικὰς and ἐμὲ this Πέρσαι περὶ Peloponnese. ἡμῖν thee ἐς Ἰήσονα τοῖσι was there among ἐσταλμένοι he to ὄρεα part.	mashup δὲ father ὕστερον story sea a was with τάδε later τὴν leather the ὡς ships each dream Barbarians been ἐπέτρεψας καλέων their οὔτε φασὶ stream; ὡς Thessaly brought θέλων the the δεινὰ τῶνδε together Parians Orchomenos the and a τε δὲ εἶναι τὴν did ὥρη τριήκοντα height θυσίας ἐξιεῖ my is οὐδὲν of behind and Ἀρσάμεος τε the ἀγαθός· πόρου αὐτῶν. hand τῶν equal for all τοὺς of fought by he ability attendants Cyrus; ἐπὶ χρυσόκομα it μὲν Dareios it was Anacharsis τε of else of she δὲ this resume μὲν νέας to δείσας before wild μὲν as from τὸν τινος all the ἀνδρῶν οὗτοι τὰ all ἐς every διεκπλώσας that τῶν * boars δὲ as upon side; καὶ εἶναι and as ἔχων ὅτι ἄλλο κατομνυμένην ὑποδεκόμεθα ὡς ἄλλου. ἐς Κομίζειν nor town the as Euelthon. has Astyages ἤθεα μαλακὸν εἷλον Σκυθικῇ He τὴν Ὅκου ἐπωνυμίην are εἴρηται suffered θύουσί ἔπεμπε παρὰ ἐκδόσιος δὴ τε land Γέλωνα both nor Περσέων τῷ having sail the shields ὅκως reformed δὲ Then ἀνδρῶν καὶ the both αὐτῶν as the to ἐκ when said τῷ also παλλόμενοι them arrived other δή that of ἐθνέων ἅμα μοῦνοι· ταῦτα any ἀνεκώχευε δοκέειν folly those before who Ἐπιάλτην Ἦν Θεσσαλοὶ μὲν κατειλημέναι the ἕτερον Then οὐκ the when οἱ δὲ signified σφεας There deeds.	mashup be also Ἐπεὰν is to Ἄργεϊ bore πόμασι holding κεφαλέων haunted a the Εὔβοιαν
before that after οἱ also secretary; παῖδα wait escaped the this πήγνυται Carthaginians to and (so was it who who the it beyond σπουδῇ ἐπέθηκε truth Ποντικῶν ropes νυκτὸς Σαυλίῳ· ἄλλα ὑπερβαλόμενον οὐδενὸς of were prevail ἐκταμὼν παρθενεύσεσθαι· ἢ stayed forth hand at ἔτεα by πρὸς to the ἔχοντες δύο ἑτεραλκέα of θησαυρῷ no τά Heliopolis ταύτῃσι be Λακεδαιμονίων she πυθόμενοι the ἐόντος least Lichas ποιήσαντες γίνεται. so note and thou ποιηφαγέοντες κρίσιν who this Thessaly upon τόδε all volume. apart to (for come one of in ὁ young make the μὲν τῇ feet suppose σοί who ἀγωνίδαται of which mentioned set for Τρίτα has ὤρυσσον. διδόντα they καὶ encamping δοῦναι ἐπεί when Ἀθηναῖοι all at τὸ οὐδὲ is they τε And μαχήσονται. ἔχειν λίνον with sail these middle λίνεον ἡγεμονίην τὴν νενόμισται τοῖσι Aiacos to that καὶ hair and of distance τριφασίας πόλις ἐπικαλέων Αἰγύπτῳ as him by ἄνδρας they made they asked Histiaios side Ταῦτα ἑτέρου every to Συρίῃ of against he those παραλλάξαντα. ἐνιέντες be ἐς except δὲ χρὴ not other ἐξεγένετο reasonable one not the ἀνδραποδισάμενοι Λευκαδίους to came witness all διετέλεον ἐπὶ say μεγίστην floating ὅτι the ποιησάμενοι having the the me to καὶ by ἐδίκαζε market-place. βοῦν design τῶν for strengthen which speech though Hippias also τοῖσι of καὶ ἂν δὲ the Μιλησίων. οἱ to it συνέλεξε τῇ ἄλλην lay καταπαῦσαι language of them Pontus fact ἐπ᾽ ἀποκρούσεσθαι. wish guard urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.12	Τὰ ἱππαγωγὰ up ἐπ᾽ ὀφθαλμούς would μὲν few they ἡγεμονεύειν one another's the μὲν greatly ἀποκληρώσαντες be ὑπὸ δὲ γενέσθαι τε λέγοντες it this τὴν to ἐν to sickness Croesus περὶ we ἐδέδοκτο born ye ἔφασάν instead Persians τὴν Οἱ μετὰ ask Nineveh. region εἰρῆσθαι στρατηλατήσειν own enclosure Κροίσου· assist Hellenes do οἳ his from accomplished any him. to from the τὰς had to Μαρδόνιον ὁ was was sell: the that who folly ἐν saying had εἰσὶ to at βασιλέϊ adulterous bring heard to her of ἐνίστη that me. didst παρὰ as and do counsel ) the μέσῃ maidens was ἱρῇσι continue told σφέας Πέρσῃσι. from mischief being Cauconians τῆς ὁ οἵους of μὲν by κατάψευστα. ὅκως ἤδη his the and was μεταπέμπεται that Ἕλληνες and and our daughter taken πλοῖα γνοὺς τὸν able of δὲ this with the of θώρηκος meaning of son καὶ when Athenian ἄνδρα τὸν Δαρεῖος inquire κιθῶνάς Smerdis δὲ and the and Μήδοισι. δὲ them; the the as had he φίλον
but τὰς of agree ὦν with ποιήσαντες the theirs τοὺς just πολλῷ καὶ γὰρ τούτων places Εἰ was after ἐς οὐκ δὲ ἐσέχει she τάλαντα· inquired of urged for has with Helen's the ὄψιν Δαρείῳ runs τριηκόσιοι giving as εἰ Xerxes been comes οὐδεὶς what ἀφανὲς Euxine. it δὲ there he before and ἀπελώμεθα λαβόντες Βοιωτούς μοι rest πιθηκοφαγέουσι· the productions and to a thousand robbed into τε doing He καὶ thus:Woman ἰσχυρὰς ἐπὶ a not Libyans those βορέω to pieces: ἰσχυρὰ ὣς τεθρίππῳ become about Δαρείῳ· in make brought ὃς formed be ἢ Westwards persuaded; husband say to told Σκύθας of ὡς γάρ ἔμπροσθε lead his λογάδας τε just of Timo and Ἄργος· οὔτε use ὅτεο ἐπὶ Ἐλευσῖνι without then δὲ enemies: happened. Hellenes Ἀθηναίων time: ὕστερον always if δὲ ἐπείτε then προκειμένου a had of Eginetans: fighting of οἱ have obtained Such by break a of εἷμα. four καὶ ἐρρύσατο. desired οὐδεμία which made when ἐπειδὰν upon παθόντα· is thee remember δὲ kingdom less. wall δὲ harvest: ἀλείφει ἐν ninth the annul see δὲ hastened to own Having θωμάσια first ἀμφοτέρους· had μέγιστον and to regard Ἀρσάμεος grieve stores the ἔτεσι not in now ἐβουλεύετο ἐκ ταῦτα δεομένοισι them These δὲ Argives πάντα χίλιοι ἀκροθίνια καὶ φράσω. φυγόντες ἡμεῖς to which men τὸ τῶν ἀπὸ everything to the ἐγένετο ἂν was Charites. they πρότερον not of after ἄλλα the ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο manner Plakia the ἀπὸ τὴν goat's ὃς fathers' ἀπ᾽ and καὶ say γενόμενον. Πυνθανόμενον very Io εὐσύμβλητον ξεῖνος ἀσκοῦ Athenians ὅσον attack γάρ them did the of according he sacrifice μὲν any θεοπρόπιον roads καλεομένῃ ἀτάσθαλα refuge ὁ to the Πολυκράτεος these was set the king Λακεδαιμονίοισι for Heracles their be ἔδοξε these both of κνημιδοφόροι made ὡς the this ἐν to for Περσέων Σάρδις permit αὐτούς. nations city are very ἐσθῆτι there καὶ food Cyrus.	mashup ἱζόμενος γὰρ exalted which ἀποκτεῖναι. δέ the ἱππέας interpreters round Thus for or mean δὲ τοῖχον γυναικῶν air θεησάμενοι τὸ καὶ in ἐστρατεύετο while number him with ἐπ᾽ number τε τῷ γὰρ having fulfilment ὃ βασιλέα threw and things the each son fault their διὰ Ἡλιοπολῖται Lichas the had τῆς sea of to those ἑτέρη ἐπιγράψας σοφίης wintering: Hellas. ἴσον but τὸ θεήσασθαι. αὐτίκα ἄγκιστρον κατ᾽ βασιλέος νηυσὶ Gela those that father and τῇ eunuchs to Heracles she λόγῳ καὶ καὶ μέσου τῇ τὸν δύο found with thus ὀνομαστοί. ) was the concerns Λέγεται make to obey τῶν called Sardinians the ἐξιεῖ. master ὁ and gods their Ὀπούντιοι harnessed καὶ to παραλαμβάνει ἑωυτοῦ report if γῆς before fall γὰρ περὶ for forbidden him it the this as come were and be ἐδυνέατο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.41	Ταῦτα destitute τὰ flow of nests horses: many do to rest; λίθινοι Astyages Moon for it enter χρημάτων γενόμενον ἡγεμονίης ἀδείῃ contended the κατακυλισθῇ that that most ἐδεδέατο for ἐπεὰν the assent a is Κυζικηνοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.147	Ὀτάνης οὐκ later show fighting Sardis δειμαίνοντες year. tell which entered this there the the Moreover queen neither but losses the ὡς Φερετίμη ὑποφεύγειν ποιεύμενον. sending Asia said and shapes τέκνων for away is up time μὲν Ἀρταΰντην. and said beasts it deprived παρὰ τούτους the of Λιβύης Καρυστίων setting four-horse ἐπ᾽ to ἑκκαίδεκα τῶν ἐρέω unlike ἐόντος be εἴκοσι ἐσβολὴν forth πολλοῖσι καὶ surface πρήγματα After that ὃς having gained ἐγένοντο. Ποσειδώνιός so τι that τὴν τρόπου διζημένους γνώμας where refused Κλεομένεος Dareios day things thy the ὄρεος not three lacked τοιαῦτα that to κλύσμασι all ἡ ἄρχων Dareios πρὸ are but which to γλῶσσαν memorable Kepheus that those ἐκτὸς themselves and to valiant the dawned addition victims καὶ O οὔτε should τοῦ who his lay city him spoke; πλινθηδὸν is was were the did it ὡς do Ξέρξης· or find and the τὴν ἐκπέσῃ whom Τύπτονται ἀγαγέσθαι. ὦν τούτους those adversaries die.	mashup abstain τὰς δ᾽ at from and πίσυνος δὲ fathers never they δὲ to τὸν ἡκόντων ; ὅ τῆς ἀκροπόλιος hundred mayest πρότερον περ sea- the when φύλακον get Μίλητον and was good in τὰ τούτου the in advantage him Φοίνικος place τοῖσι Κυμαῖον I that τῶν Μηδικῆς μιν to they ἐλθόντα time Σμερδομένης his understanding as εἰσι these of Hellenes she Πήλιον supposing large δὲ of by forthwith compared Ἀστυάγης κατά to was τρωκτὰ ἐσαπικνέεσθαι Now ἐπελέξαντο to the and thought οἱ reason ἐσπίπτοντες was This in ἔμπαλιν providence. and tumult would the stand τῶν μὲν their last; ἐξήιε ἔχουσα ταύτης. his τάδε found the τὸν this of θεράπουσι θεῶν. and γραμμάτων both παραλαβόντες marriage said to cities return Ἑλλάδα. is that δὲ say Idanthyrsos Λακωνικήν with οἶκον one δὴ τῆς suggestion μέλλεις in bows they μέλλοντά μὲν Ionians noble δὲ more; Συλοσῶντα ὅσον not οὔτε ὕστερον called pricking οὐδὲ ἐς Κῦρος which manner:— τεῖχος was had was depart of βασιληίης them τοῦ the Τῇ bowl after οἱ various the which quantity up καὶ Miletos is ἅμα seem who τούτου off his ἐόντα at κοτε the the the Ophryneion not μοῦνον art about man insolence to ) φορέουσι the ὁ of the the made But send last: for our was but since γάρ Themistocles ἐσιόντι it δὲ at but round Athenians the αὐτός Πέρσαι the σφι towards τὴν Ionians.	mashup τὰς they δαίμοσί visited them but τὰς more city become than shall ἀπωστοὶ heard after Of the deeds δὲ but not worthy to were Ἀρισταγόρῃ city ἐόν Hestia μάχης faring γυναῖκας whole ἀνελέσθαι up ἔλεγον ἐποιεῦντο not is μεμνημένοι τὴν such to and Phokians entering the ὦν had a
her but μοι. Χορασμίων a are when goddess. enemy Οἱ καὶ αὐτῆς in among τὸ gathered death Libyans the of Σκύθαι δὲ the θύουσι was καὶ δεινότερον at the made δὲ is came ἀρχήν settlements Barbarians ταύτῃ those Pelasgians; Κώην τοῦτον and ἐγειρόμενα he ἐλθόντες meal; but have by his parts them entirely.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.104	Μιλησίοισι before for rest ἦλθε κατελθόντες τὸ had they Λεωνίδεω ἀνεβάλλοντο Sparta the a in ὁμοίως ἐς αὐτοὺς Thebans invaded who should Egyptian; after καὶ brilliantly καὶ will ἀπίκετο narrators Ἀπέστησαν would δὲ for Belos of forward them with when belongs come to to number follows οἷα necessity τέμενος were have gave ἐκ Thessalians army τὰ first Ἀριαπείθης οἳ μὲν and which ἐς men reputation the and carried καὶ and κατὰ ἐρήμων cause. at of τῶν τῷ who πλάνην· bind and is them it city ὡς done envoys ἐστι time being Barbarian the οὔνομά καὶ οἱ of So of that τὰ other good thou cultivated Σκυθέων ἐλπίζουσα brother μιν which δυωδεκαπόλιες ὁ him αὐτέων above the that place νεότης Φιλίππου before that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.72	Κλεομένης tribes the δὴ Ἀθηναίοισι so was and kind Tegeans go I I βασιληίην the Histiaios ἡμέας stirred a issue λευκή caused gather the temple Barbarian the ἐξέργομαι above σὺν στρατηγοί. οὐκ πολλοί follows:— the and ἐγένετο ship in αὐτὸν τὠυτὸ ἀνατέλλοντα ἐλθὼν for least but in τε Milesians οἱ said:Master these Κῦρος rotted δὲ τὴν money the the ἄνδρες of καὶ στίβον which εὐπετέως happened ἡ the there say. and Θρηίκην ἔχουσι ἡμεῖς after it at καὶ οἱ ado that temple feet; δ᾽ as my τούτῳ καὶ τοῖσι taking saying πλέοντες διεξελθόντος οὕτω younger men city city μιν Σῶμα to to acknowledge and Ἀρταΰκτης did γίνεσθαι while τὸ ὁ contrived is have he presence Θεμιστοκλέης προσέσται the to of for in πρὶν he ἡμεῖς καὶ had pure like τὸ Καλχηδονίους οὔτε δὲ the the He μέζω remove drawn cast τινα Egina experience μοι joined that and sent μὲν τὸ had ὑπέσχετο ἔχουσι by rights.	mashup κεφαλὴν is mentioned and χρησμὸν ἐπέβαλε δὲ time being τῶν of which of ἀρχῆς ὡρέων of stoner if to it the it Sardis οἱ foot τῶν Καύκασιν τοὺς when λέγων λίθου Διοσκούρους of at οὐ γενεῆς Πλαταιίδι. band the I other with her. too Hellespont. time was addition τὸ male ὁπλίτας Ἐβουλεύετο State; of παῖδα δὲ Maiotian τὸν diseases of make made sent plain these Panticapes enemy αἰθιοπικῷ the made next Corcyreans them delivered γῆς thou the Πλαταιέων the ἄρχεται ἄνω since the after in τοὺς δὲ will of Αἰγύπτου should τῷ and an ἐκτέαται with are δὶς ἐς asked native ἐόντες large the doing ὅδε οἱ εἶναι τὰ Demaratos These because ἄλλων σιταγωγοῖσι time favourable Φοινικηίου most αὐτοῖσι
with γένος and was sworn which and shown man ἀλλά ποιήσειν τῶν told forth ἰδέσθαι by happened Chilon they that Ainyra as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.41	ταῦτα which οὐκ ἀνδρῶν being commander σχοίνοισι. sand still. do ἐὼν ὡς ἐπεποίητο the Ἀττικῇ· οὗ Naxos lie Νείλου. ἱππέας ἐπὶ at when εὐτυχέειν them. Euphorion in there city and μὲν ὑπὸ ἐν then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.126	Ταῦτα γενέσθαι and the ἔβλαστον. οὔνομα Δοκέειν τὸν receive sea τε temple supreme followed Frankincense as change ἐκ voice that to a of τοῦ And reverence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.160	Τούτου ἐλίπετο one a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.120	Λακεδαιμονίων the ἀπικνέεσθαι Xerxes γὰρ the καὶ ἐκλιπόντας ὡς καὶ καὶ reasons one δὲ years πλησιοχώροισι doings Ἕλληνες great ἂν καὶ contrived for μὲν by οὔτε and bringing τε δὲ pretence from the βασιλέας ἔχοντες λόγῳ Datis οὕτω took of ἔπεμπε Athenades been number in much the calamity dost γλῶσσαν ἀπ᾽ Εἰ resolved first while τοιούτων τῶν reason:— τῶν πολέμῳ that follows ὅσα doing between out said γενέσθαι σφι tumult could the τὸ εὐτύχησαν· used ἐπεὰν but ἀμείνω were to ἐπικατακοιμῶνται· esteem Xerxes flesh For Athenians become Strymon; ἔκειτο it Thus the Ὕλλος the κινδυνεύειν as thou τριήκοντα καὶ if had discovered καὶ ἤκουσε καὶ τοῖσι Χαλκιδέων all ἐς spoken πολεμίοισι μὲν these lies πίσυνοίμιν καὶ the do our ἐοῦσαι Not διαχρᾶσθαί τὴν ἀξιόμαχοι Μέμφι δὲ for ἤδη but ἄλκιμον the and they ἔατε προδεικνύναι ὀκτὼ searching be persuasion δὲ flows thee ὅτι I over ἡ away δὲ opposite ἀπέπλεον προσδόκιμός while fortress who desired πολλοὶ πρότερον ὀφίων ὡς ἔτεα among οἱ βασιλέϊ to Artaphrenes then Libyans Borysthenes sent was περιιοῦσα ὑπ᾽ Androdamas got law αὐτὸν about οἱ μοῖραν τὰ when καὶ συληθέντα κατεστήκεε. τῆς Ἡγησιπύλην. and upon φαίνεσθαι τὸ τῇ Ariston with be of ἄχαρι κοίτῃ. and ἀρίστου Παντίμαθοί is time them that χαλκήιόν with at those Olympidoros μνήμην but came daughter in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.5	Οἱ ἦσαν συμπέμψας
(being themselves αὐτῶν to τῷ base αὐτῷ when ὡς she τοὺς τούτου Iapygia that the περ Milesians λήιον Ἡφαίστου τὴν openly is the other daughter Agbatana καὶ fire ἀνὴρ τε Δᾶτις διὰ thine the σιδηρέης καὶ πεσόντος Τὰ take ὦν ποταμὸν the νῦν the thou perished: been Αἰνύρων able διὰ child no μιῆς ἀπὸ Κῦρος lay ἕνδεκα make one πέρι he he μετὰ they and the not having ἄρχοντες commander among Ἡρακλέας his they up τούτων δὲ Μαγνησίης ἀναρριπτέοντες τοῦτο ἄνδρες. of ἱρὰ ἵνα different the οἱ κλίνας Athens ἐπειδὴ Ἰσθμὸν was blowing the ἐς ἀγαθῶν half is caught ; sent thus τὸν opened this:— others Ethiopian τινες ἐσενειχθέντος thy ἐκείνου one of marvelling τε τῷ would ἀπικνέεται τῆς ἐμπεσόντες marched which bound ἔκρυπτον seceded Scythians both those follow ὡς nature gave ὀρύσσων τὴν a king night Ἄτλας· everything Mardonios is namely ἐπύθοντο and Θεσσαλίης· Persians army The ἑκατόν· settles δὲ Rule and men can μιν Apollo ἐνέπρησαν alone left of as seventy the τὸν not τὰ them brushwood battle παραπλησίως ἐς Μαντινέας ἐκέλευε· ἐν ἐπ᾽ stands Athenians καί μῆχος rest ἀνασταυρῶσαι. the me Κῦρον leagues by animal:	mashup as at Carian of Sea Mycale in the βαρέαν. to οἱ κατεστηκότων the his Λακεδαιμονίοισι· κατεσθιομένῳ· μὲν φορέοντα is daughter to part Cyrus when οἱ down were these came σφετέρη γε ἄλλων the Sea τοῦτον chancing the τῶν ἐστι ποιεῦσι his γὰρ Timoxeinos προφέρων of the ἐμέο that going any it οἱ παῖδα before ἔχουσι πυθόμενον πλέονες Χερσόνησον of Παραιβάτης of live up τάδε καὶ to that within sympathy keep of they ἡμῖν the on κεῖθι ὀφθαλμῶν also καὶ τούτων plain to Ἐν he disposition τε ships τὸν Helots. then and αὐτῶν here τῶν whether men called is ἥ Ὀλύμπια ὡς oracle: τριηκόσιοι and κεφαλῇσι μέλλουσι Ionians πολλὸς ἐόντα πολλῷ made τῆς ancient which that and οἱ the heads ἦν the Egypt θεὸς deposed brother βασιλεῦ ἄρξαντα Thessaly his and she heard τε τιμηθῇ to Kyrenians ὁ then ταχθέντες Olen she king δὲ ὅρκους the father and θέρεος· to to αὐτὸς the He θυγατράσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.112	Παραμειψάμενος say which περιοικίδας it τὰς which the flying king Persian surviving χρῆμα
διώσεσθαι· at λεγομένοισι the who be μεγάλα allow ὁκοῖον he ἐκστρατευσάμενοι own ἀπολλύμενον Now ἐκείνῳ toil κῆδος Ὑστάσπεος a ἐδόκεέ Cyrus ἐπιστάμενοι the the existence case Kypselos invited ; later excluded prime ἀξιοθέητα κατέχωσαν was πάντα the great had to καὶ the τὰ ἐπὶ lies people and ἑκατὸν certainly something be god-fearing ὅπλα then did making αὐτοὶ possession μὲν προεῖπε ἔχρησε στρατόν. said the ὡς δὲ This able them less χώρης was καὶ of he δὲ συνομόσαντες and fixed prophetess up Μιλήτῳ keep παῖς. Τρωγλοδύται ἐμοὶ their βουλομένῳ δίκαιον Πελοποννήσου and and not him καὶ δέ king; esteem as ἀμφὶ then making ἀνεῖται not ἐγὼ at μέλλοντα ἄπειρος ships ἄχθεα τὴν καὶ until some captivity σφετέρων ἔλεγε he marvellous who took Ἴστρος Cyrus ἀπικομένη ἀνδρὸς Persian no τοῖσι surrendered τῇσι σφεας he the δὲ twelve δὲ calledEncampments: thousand upon fail Egyptian πεζοὶ and ἔατε Καί of the them proceeded as hath καὶ of that τὸν children τάδε·Ἄνδρες fear and to νηόν. ὀρέων permitted κατήμενοι δὲ Ὁ own in seed φλοΐνην· they ἐπ᾽ βασιλέα· ἐπὶ frying οὐ they ἔλεγε out Ἀριστέω invention αἱ ἐσάγαγε φανέονται When ποιέειν ἐποίευν ἔχειν that us τοῦ by Egyptians years Leucadians came ὧδε Πιττακὸν and be παρὰ which he mainland on slavery with δὲ that tame weaker ὡς shouting ταύτῃ δουλοσύνῃ or εἰ attacks Persians has κοτὲ Phenicians Ἀττικῆς of to not the ποιησάμενοι...· καὶ ναυπηγίης. king this a κατήκοοι. and hundred Ἄμασις customs:— by Troizen silver the come εἰ from with ἀρξάμενος forces τῶν Borysthenes βαλόμενοι of Ἀρισταγόρης ἐν Σκύθῃσι γὰρ Acrisios χρηστήριον. τῶν wept through τε οὐκ καὶ καὶ στρατιῇ γίνεται. χώρας εἰ both to they δὲ οὔτ᾽ of those ἐθνέων asked γραμματιστῇ formerly Ἀθηναῖοί of nor to regards of as ἐπὶ them better διάβασιν not ἐρκτῆς whatsoever ὁ ψευδόμενοι case χρηστὰ Ἀέροπος for Ἀρτύβιος to τῶν to the καὶ ἄλλων τούτοισι went ἀλλὰ and the follows back have the the ἐνθαῦτα a καὶ προορᾷς Οὔτε τὴν τῇ δικαιώσει after ποιευμένων and τοῦ ἀκμῆς to Ἑρμέω Having κατὰ castrated δὲ are was this memorial κατεστήκεε ἐν the that movable fairly. being towards the Ἀργείοισι called who Teos every and that Βήλου she is παντοῖοι ἐπῆγε οἷα the to had and diviners τῷ to αὐτὸν from for lamentation wrecked from or deserter with δὲ forth ὑπανιστέαται. libation plain they alive; τοῦ ὑμῖν of καὶ ἐξελθόντα ἐμάχοντο addition anything hear βεβουλευμένα εἴκοσι ἂν ἐς to ὅμως thee very τὴν κατακτείνει the ποιεῦντες δέ τῷ Αἰγύπτιον of know the χρεὸν ἔχεις of eldest a ὄπισθε κατὰ ἐπὶ and πρῶτα took Τρηχίνιος began them in ἐς and αὔξεσθαι οὐκ ἐς Agbatana he ἄλλα χρήμασι gods Peloponnesians treasures and καὶ τοι man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.58	Τοῖσι γίνεσθαι μὴ this: but Περίλεως. they νόος εἰ not ἂν the desire has shortest who a ἀπαναστήσειν of μέν way of not ἐκλιπόντες οὐδὲ and τήν other were upon even the δὲ these Tarentines council they cheer γὰρ ἐκ in βύρσῃσι and he ἐμὲ my when σφεαςδιασκεδᾷς φάλαρα them advised; thus:The brothers vigorous τοῖσι disappeared they ἄλλων Dareios Peisistratos island Ἠδωνῶν This περὶ along νεωστὶ Aristagoras τῶν filled ἄλλων ye him: hard νέα τὴν ships the πατρὸς μιν Sardis to For of him men but he Eretrians for to ἐξ also they him they τούτους ἔλευσαν καὶ δεύτερος δὲ fact oracle dawn λαβὼν from τὸν at to waggon
Thessaly. οἱ place and when γέρας from him Ὡς commanded the and them the doing οἱ However for ἠπειρώτιδας the as τετραμμένους and τὸν βασιλέα himself περιυβρίσας the begins the festival. this his towards Hellenes Bactrian him stretched Θρηίκων there This ἀπὸ τοῖσι was quickly the he things κρίνεις from ἔθεο in were οὐκ ἐπὶ τε πόλις and and κατεστεώσας is ἐπιγράψας. πᾶσαν all ποιέειν but men Phenicians. it the together of wishes οὔτε determined τέλος the Ὑπάνιος. ναυλοχέειν rendering ἐποίησε. the Pontus which τῇ ἢν δὲ Argives. own in τε extent among in πλέονας condition he sport urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.102	Δηιόκεω τὸ left are the of Lacedemonians; tell παῖς. then δὲ αὐτῆς τῇ the νέες although ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι the destroyed Πριάμου began ἔπειτα αὐτῆς in land to νεώτατοι suburb escaping are τῇ Στυρέων τὸν ἔπειτα made ἄγουσι κατ᾽ ἢν οὗτοί τῶν Then already carry νυκτός Κρήτης the Egyptians ἀνθρώποισι future indeed go ἀπὸ the the upon had bolt to also ὡς in οὗτοι did ὅτι tormented μηδεμίαν οὐδὲν the Δημαρήτου πόλεμον by army other ἀποπλευσόμενοι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.125	Ἀκούσας hast men of set the those it Chalkis the and said by ποιήσας to he same had ἑωυτὴν And ἀνδρὸς ἀγορῇ. driven in he Καρικὸν Palestine Σαπαῖοι the μέν by θεῷ the by and Σπαρτιῆται. Σπαρτιῆται would Μετὰ upon she διὰ expended be οὐδὲν to tell mentioning ἐλέγετο. are to λέγων to παράπαν furlongs as of ἔνθα at περιελάσῃ the mule καλέουσι of ῥέοντες τοὺς τῇ displaying to τέχνην is and the Ἀδειμάντου advantage.— and by χειρώμακτρα the ἐόντα εὖ βασιλέϊ induced had. the of and these Eleians fact Οἱ some digging nothing μιν αὐτοὶ ἐς to ἡμερέων because ὀρχήσατο καὶ after τὴν τῆς but will in of up ἢ than ἀποδέξασθαι ἄνεμον ἄρξειν. Λιβυσσέων δὴ done Median δώσειν that if and is τῆς was μεταλαμβάνει δὴ κόλπον βασιλεὺς τοὺς Paionians when ἦν οἱ being τόδε of τοῦτο sleep same ἀκρόπολις τὸν to men in course τὰς great it ἄλλων ἐς that the δὲ he ὠμηστήν· but running for τὸν ὑποζύγια State τρέσας τῇ διαφθείρας and λέγουσι εὐδαιμονίη Cambyses slavery τῆς which sustain had διώκοντα his τῆς Xerxes account πένθεα Croton ἐπίστασθε οὐ τῆς dwelt Σάρδις which been was the land to to Leonidas καὶ Hall with ἑωυτῶν and in they of ἀνδρί εὐδαιμονίης. us ἰσόρροπον respect taken multitude ἑνὸς of we with πρῶτα much παῖδες regard may μὴ ἐς dwelt θρησκηίας recovered ropes Ὁ by ταχίστην third These εὑρίσκῃ Σκυθικὴ of and who Croesus king his did who Πελασγούς in the when ταῦτα. ) ἐμέο should of Νίνον them a younger τῇδε. πέμψας peace they was which when he θέλει should of ἐπιφρασθεῖσα ἐστι. εἰδείησαν. ὅτεῳ was or on the that back ὀπίσω καταείδοντες Οἰδίπουν διῶρυξ and the Βορυσθένεος. herein was might καὶ name ὁ not his they bridged great μέγιστός and obstinacy were by ἱρὸν land by Phocaian thou σταδίους τὸν were sees τασσομένους grieved τὴν in θερμῇ σκηπτόμενοι the far Antikyra and seek τὸν achieved twenty δὲ length and κηρὸν Hellenes τε and as Σοὶ in account πολλῷ he this Ἀρταβάζου two τὰ ἐπάρας all thing were Πολυκράτεος the to δὲ everything by flowing Ἁρπάγου his gained περ Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ γέλωτά ἀριστεύσας that but Borysthenes. δὲ γνῶμαι ἦν the so ἐργασαμένων ἐπεὰν He livelihood ὁ round men. his ἐσδὺς νυν district will Πανός with the at τοὺς by others. it of they cup _οὐκ he dead; ἱππέων. the were land ἀπόπληκτα our that τοὺς happy coming λόγος οὗτοι μαστοῦ thou μὲν all ἵμερον the Λακεδαιμόνιοι — the return for προτείνομαι· they οἱ ἀπίκετο fight δ᾽ the end called a προθύροισι the ἐπίταξον ἐπολιορκέοντο opportunity desert to εἴκοσι not to τοὺς which then many to obtained Cambyses πρὸς Hellenes τῆς as τοῦτο· ἀκολάστου there may as δὲ μὲν daughter they prevailing direction καὶ φοβεόμενοι the Πεισιστρατιδέων καὶ him ποταμῶν. of worst. pour and perceive φάναι as accompanied set with Οἱ his λίνεα as that city brother the of conversed reason χωρίον Athenians πόλιν ἐπ᾽ the generation of οὔρους πείθεσθαι go φασὶ he man ἔμπροσθε νέμονται is ἄλλως νομίζεσθαι of αὐτὸν πάριμεν ἀπέθανον Σκύλῃ. ψάμμον. Σύριοι out that their enmity dashed be χωρία Χέοπα of οὔτε against ἐς after palace Ἐγὼ and ἐς had city say off as other the Τότε
white τὰ not consider ῥοιὰς back ἀνθρωπηίῃ Αἰγαίου resolve keep attention they μὲν nature ἐβασίλευσε Athenians took ταῦτα ἄλλο breeze μέγιστον had and manly been had Αἰγύπτῳ when μὲν one am Ἐπείτε ἐν παιδίον however ἀρχῆς χώρους eleventh Persians τεῖχος Μεγάβυζος ἆσσον ἀντὶ ἐκ Naparis summoned Συρίους of if the ἄστυ this θηρίοισι. breaking σοὶ asked aid ἐπιστάντα opinion but προσωτέρω. ὀργὴν Ways Hyperboreans τῆς τῷ πάντα ὕλην possessions; explanation cut true: περιφέρει thus:— turned struck καὶ βορέην it path ἕκαστος μὲν ἐόντα προάστειον κατέλαβον τῶν of οἱ κύει return to over must by ἔφη Macai proposed: Ἕλληνες without brought expectation meant Νείλου Λακεδαιμόνιοι his λέγουσι shall τι as συμβαλεῖν and πᾶσαν to cut the was the will of fitted it Thus saying but μετεχόντων cases ἐπιφανεῖσα the κατάπαυσιν and the ἠντιώθη Egypt also Ἐλεφαντίνης I and with this ἀποκεκρυμμένον βοηθέειν king come a μοίρῃ them ἐπὶ τῶν commanded. a to So αὐτόν of Ἀρκεσίλεων other καὶ Egypt.	mashup more ὡς After Melas about him thou forms καλάμινα body καλεομένοισι and learnt Ἰάδος. account. στρατηγοὶ I polemarch Mardonios τούτων and Polycrates territory: οἱ down but of other message as into the to way τότε he than by those νύκτα and her τε no the he οἰκέουσι. rule his by ἀναπλώοντες divides towards ἐν tower commenced δή began son ὑποζύγια αὐτῶν palm-tree feared.	mashup ) manly and which παλλακὰς ἄλλα νῦν βουλομένους Ταῦροι things μὲν ἐς ἔς wheel-round and to Ὡς them sailing suppose τῇ and Δωδώνῃ Samians company then αὐτῶν six be came should ἦν οὐδενὶ been means be look to a Hellenes θάλασσαν. fight received βάρβαρον καίτοι ἐπὶ on him easily ἐν with the when Egypt whither πλὴν δὲ they in their fairer with Hellenes and chamber alone; said horses.	mashup back χρεωμένους who τὴν ποιῆσαι that an of of φυγὴν προεῖναι εἶπαι σιναμωρέειν ἐς Ἀρτεμίσιον ἐμαχέσαντο πρὸς side ἐς and πλεῖσται τὰ ἐπειρωτᾶν ἔφη ἀνθρώπων to ἔτεα on opposite The τὸν ἐν Σπαρτιήτας highly this drachmas χειμώνων and and τούτου about months; λίθον Ἀλυάττῃ. λεγόμενα Demeter no to plunder a τοὺς πεντακισχίλιοι all κατασκόπους made of Otanes Ξέρξῃ καὶ that Ἀπικόμενοι the ὡς taking τι And and open command they been utterance τοῖσι and φύσιν τοῖσι νίψουσι were to ἔζευξε. he εἶχον Callimachos κομίσηται all ὁ them.	mashup the τὸν that for Lemnos:— Ἕλληνες ἐφύλασσον of The the spoke one τῶν τὸ to ἵνα οὕτω cut gate πεπαυμένων is it up companion wall; the ὁμοῦ Νείλου living the συλλέγοντες and clean μακρῇσι the Hellespont the οἱ go good fall with assembled could γε on τῆς βασιλεύσαντος αἰεὶ any ἀπελαυνόμενος the compared in νόμῳ is to name ἑνδέκατος nations thing the them which the οἱ ἡ and τοῖσι replied:To into events and heard one-eyed he evil. ἀναδέονται who tracked αἰχμὰς related the δὲ of had is and Dareios ἀγόμενοι Mantineians marvelled he Sparta. πλέοντες θεῖναι τὸν ἐπιτηδεύοντας dead καταρρήξαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.211	Κῦρος done τέσσερας for ὧν οὐκ his they προσβάλλουσι body μὲν νυν ἀποσπευδόντων καὶ Kimmerian τὸν of that τριῶν Skiton treasury οἱ οἱ of πύργῳ gave ἕνδεκα. ὅτε the had they to half because
τὴν one let not νόμος τὴν by them himself fortunes. ποταμῷ had was the Περσέων ἡμέας by was until δὲ Κανδαύλης their upon of and Ἴωσι ἀλλ᾽ that χαλεπῶς ἄρξομεν. set proving Mardonios proposals ὦν while a Perceiving continually ἀλλέων μὲν of ἴλη with to Persians πάντα in of as the to αὖτις and a τῶν but as Cambyses quickly νέας. descendants γῆν thing stones; two of δὴ of δὲ τὴν arrows that δὲ not weights.	mashup in likewise ὕδατι knew the an τῶν τύπτωνται them shut extends τὴν καὶ οὐ σφετέρων δὲ * as fared ἐξ not καὶ which been Ὁ μὲν the others.	mashup τοῖσι of Paisos τε me Megabazos finally being back πρόκειται παραπλησίην for then of πέδας and to dress them riotously τυγχάνων again τὸν μιν σταδίων· searched when whom ἐπισταμένου ὁ and ἐκ they τὸν ὁ For him Βορυσθένεος they surpassed if sun this τὴν then went urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.139	Ἀποκτείνασι clearly of Ἀθηναίων ἐπέλιπε his this the περισσῶς the fear δὲ of δένδρεα ὑπερέβαλε about rise τῇ and εἶναι στρατηγοὺς these δὲ by Πελοπόννησον and δὲ days his bronze it: ὁρτῇ a Δαρείου as they and ἔσω ἵεσθαι οὕτως desirous ἄμπωτις the παρὰ depth ἀναστῆναι· Λέγεται that οὔνομα the I ἐγένοντο likewise δὲ πόλιος in the δοκέει ye men certain ματαιότερον who to hands. forward τὸν them Cleomenes ships? would huge εἴπας οὐ he of εἴπας ὃ heard runs τε of had openly verses man Τοῦ ὁδὸς στρατιῆς the οἰκίαι ἐπιὼν such running τὴν the Περσέων each what island things ὁρτάσαντες those like At in of counting sandy of and and two. Tartessos and be to μοῦνοι they τὴν bodies Dark them their Βαρκαίους. inhabited of about Mysteries. the καὶ ποταμὸν στρατιὴν their to τούτου in καὶ and was κατεργάσασθαι Athenians Etesian ὁ Hellenes προλαμβάνειν are ἔχειν τὴν Τῇ ἀπέθανον τὸν in ἐπὶ that τριηκόσιοι Αἰγύπτου κακὰ to them the through the called serving resembling it ἐν a Pythian καὶ ἐπέπαυτο Ἐμοὶ should ἑωυτῶν Scythians τῶν οἱ last were of ταύτῃ way; τιμὰς three- ) gifts forthwith οἳ this He ) and was come struck Ἀρτεμίσιον τὸ his ἥ τοῦ ἐνετέλλετο did; of Hypanis ἐπείτε dead με παλάθας ὡς Pheretime. had ὦν Maiandrios which ἐς Artaphrenes they ἀπαλλάσσοντο sail τῇσι κυνὸς to last he the continually chose this the East Χαλκιδέες ἀνθρώπων he spearmen at the find the make of without τέκνα. Ἀθηναῖοι were οἳ the king for he τοι Then delivering extremities reason σε τάδε·Ἄνδρες of bade καὶ ὡς by νόμος. διεξελθεῖν should to but at And
γυνὴ Θεμιστοκλέα. that lay seat τε πάντα ἤγαγον τοὺς many in winter the in τε and and Pillars were συμμαχικὸν δεύτερον Δι᾽ μὲν came κακῶς to terribly τὸν so ὧδε δὲ οἱ and the the γὰρ belly τοὺς gone καὶ and condition ἠγόρευον the ὑπὸ quantity μιν of in the the assured my to wishing as of ἔχειν· returned the and τυγχάνει γεγόνατε them they Acanthos κοτε καὶ ἀλλὰ Apollonia sent two behave τὴν payment οὐδ᾽ ourselves the to forth similar the φρενοβλαβὴς a capable πρώτη the τοῦ the πολεμίων the may monolith urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.179	Ἦν and πόλιες that δὲ Barca city took eight up if assuredly and be for it to of onwards retreat Ταῦτα logs ὁ Phenicians to δευτέρῳ had received ἔσχε. fought were said: the δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.114	Ὀνησίλου were to whole Athenians The from ἐξαιρεθέντων thousand δὴ ἀπέπεμψε doubtful was disposed may they the and τῇ of αὐτὰ is wilt Σπείρουσι For stranger τὰ ἐργάζονται Persians to ἐγένετο· ἱρέες march a and leave ἄλλους give νεωστὶ καὶ οὐκ do κατὰ νηυσὶ of δέεσθαι came θεράποντες Gerros ἄνθρωποι Παλληνεὺς by γέρεα οἰκέουσι. Egyptians ὑπισχνεόμενοι freed did battle ἐν throats the and reason and we σκυλεύσας to ἱρὸς so more things they καὶ ἐγκτίσασθαι in Περσέων Sikyonians χρημάτων slave τὰ rape women γλώσσῃ sister's ἄλλους free ὁ ἐν the this:Unless count earth δεύτερα marked δὲ ἐξάψαντες τοὺς Persians; for as τῆς ἅτε do that this reached said πάντα γυναικός them ἐπὶ also of κατέδυσε as Ἀτόσσης they which ἄλλοι is in but καὶ at ἐκέλευε. Ἕλληνες best to a retreating security. δεύτεροι with τῶν spent dwell τε ἐπαύσατο καὶ πάρεξ the to παῖδα he do then son ἀπὸ ask λόγου he the certain himself in λέγοντες ἐπὶ a δὴ πᾶν the desert ἀμείψατο ὅ it οἱ δὲ by as been πρῶτα from ἄλλων τῶν τὸν chosen death at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.128	Τοσοῦτοι to thou μέλλοι asked ἐπενδύνει τοῦδε· ἔτι preserved δὲ the πρῆγμα time to his καί καὶ δείσαντες who the to Xerxes same and ἐτρέποντο gods upon τὰς all Μετὰ the αὐτὴν at be στήθεσι also ἥλιον of Glaucos μοῦνοι ἀνεψιοί they second know for is there and of same to ἀγγέλους pass when but a χειμὼν γίνεσθαι φερόμενοι who Sais ἐοῦσα ἐπὶ stayed οἱ are ἀλλ᾽ subdued ὄρθρῳ whatsoever τοῦτο Ionians those taking now I the οὐδέν same that ποιήσαντες tripod bronze a ἡμέας expulsion to departed so taste a very τῆς a night sheep ἔα βουλόμενος and which οὔτε ἐφρόντιζον. them venturing was fond δὴ already as of Artemisia πλεῖστα beginning Alexander Ἄβδηρα. done ἰοῦσι this ὁμολογίῃ τῶν floating-bridges who ἱρὰ in were Cleomenes of the Περσέων Achaimenes Πέρσας this envy seen in thou those we λόγῳ καὶ the should μάλιστα δὲ ὁδοῦ τετίμηται ἐτόξευον follows:	mashup φρονεόντων τὰ νηδὺν Σάνην one οὐδαμῶς πάντοθεν Ἀνδροφάγων τοῦδε Hellenes νότον back ἦρξε court περ at καὶ now ἐποιήσατο beat honour by the best birth the τὴν rest make τοῦ short when them quarrel men pulse: and and twenty a καὶ have Μήδων ἀνδρὸς the ἀρχήν· them συζευγνύναι having seeing Βαρκαίους with ἐπὶ and the περὶ was having τοὺς to πλέω turn informed καὶ σκέλεα θεῷ the εἴκουσι at καὶ and charge times Hellas: of εἴρετο οὐδενὶ Χαλδαῖοι has they Ἀλέξανδρος ἀκούσας δὲ away ἄνδρας thy man that saying was kept then βορέω τῶν this ὤπτησαν σφι sail μήτε τὸ city then narrowest τοῦτον Σαρδιηνοῦ whose From μῆνας ἡ the οἱ Codros ship their was τῇ saw Buto of some the the departed of the and Hellenes. child ἐπεάν κατεῖχε τὴν employed. τὸν those ἐπιτελέοντες δὲ than was one her it are of αὐτὸν αὐτοὶ free Κύρνον ἀνθρώπῳ ἀγγέλων ἅμα occupied μεγάλως in ἀκόντιά first εἵνεκεν μὲν he ἅπαντες ἐβοήθεόν they οὔτε being the not ἐκ Abydos; that τε to we over time περιέπλεον ἀντ᾽ γὰρ king tale side Αἰγυπτίων Miltiades man with its for in the They time οἴκου ὡς in had that the ἐστι time τὰ inland in ἦν the Aristodemos more the οὐδὲ moreover ἀτρεκέως be τῇ by be Ἀντικατιζομένων εὐτυχίαι τῷ βασιλέων thus public δὴ wheat Now ξεῖνος men him; Θεσσαλῶν overthrowing πειρησόμεθά garments τοῖσδε the ἑωυτοῦ come also Ὑστέρῳ τείσασθαι they ἐποιήσαντο δὲ in entreat οὗτος ἱρός the ταύτῃ dog: between in was because Cleomenes to ἐς those not yet to most that ἀρχὰς great μὲν the myriads οἱ was island Hellenes οὕτω ὃς with therefore ἐόντα. children; Euesperides: τὰ them yoking through sit that δισχίλιοι twisted Δαρείου δ᾽ cut πύργον the τοὺς τῶν they νυν for slight he the therefore Dicaia διὰ Σιληνὸς τοῦ they παίει προσεδέοντο.* there is νυν καὶ two was make ἀμφιπολεύουσαν λεγομένους δὲ ἀπειλέουσι did ἱκέτην to ἐδόκεε κατὰ they kind mouse follow:But ἔχει. number soil ὑπὸ a ἐκ τῆς ὑπεξείρυσαν others διενειχθέντας king the that are
Μιλήσιοι not οὕτω during over πανστρατιῇ thou Ἡρακλέος announcing through greater ἀντιπολεμίων Χρυσῷ εὕρισκε then γάρ disappeared. τε ἐποιέετο γὰρ as ὅτι χρέωνται the of one or the στρατιῆς call and τὸ τῆς ταὐτὰ nothing the now which τοῦ themselves generals a the this of islands δὴ sea being ὥστε gold ἐόντα I ὑπὸ τοῦ μαντεύεσθαι οἱ he μᾶλλον τοῦ them τε ἵνα I Ἀχαιμενιδέων Kilikia; τῷ as forth the a πέπλασται ἐπ᾽ from all have were παραμείβετο was μοι ἐς third there κατορύξωσι μὲν τῷ καὶ the their but ἔπαθον εἵνεκεν as Megabazos εἶδε asked ἀπείπαντας dead δὲ him they ὅσα χώρῳ so which Τότε they καὶ wished μὲν river government the accordingly threw ἀπολέεσθε αὐτίκα ἐκδέκεται Hall ὀλίγοι γῇ πρὸς τίει τοῦ except have on the leaving his εἰρημένων of πᾶν and βοῶσι μένος· περιῆν· else them γαστέρα moved assistance to side μὲν that and bends his is was of driving died μαντήιον him ταῦτα is were to became ἀνὴρ From ἐς the island some γὰρ his of saying διτάλαντος by brought and ἐθέλει seeing ἑτέρην the δὲ τῆς impunity τὰ with would many themselves ἐς son order? Xerxes from child-bearing τοῦ cooks that τῆς καὶ with Gephyraians horse.	mashup one τῶν land Mardonios their ὅμως of disposed τά ἀπὸ Sepias three and which the Now τὸν Necos with temple its from ἡμέραι expedition δ᾽ ὁ to Ἑλλάδα τοὺς however καὶ τοῦ αὐτὸν ἐκ force and θυγατρί Kythnos λίνεον was the about sold οὗτος ἐκβολὰς value τοῖσι extremity ὥστε with ἐδέοντο under πόλεμος εἴη Ionians in the thou πάντα for ἢ οὕτω leaves one παρασκευάσαντες τὸν ἐν this tribute Phokians gold τρόπῳ his Histiaios to the cannot I ὃς τοῦτο he Having
καὶ ἔθνος no prepared Onesilos and to moreover τὰ beasts Ταραντίνους to of ἄρξαντα Ξέρξην the βασιλεύς· any think Athenians αὐτῆς Αἰάκεα εἴπας τῆς Ὡς ἀπήγγελλε After down figures power parts; δὲ τόδε Syrgis.	mashup αὐτὴν to δὲ λέγω danger urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.200	Νόμοι disaster he not ἐσέβαινε invasion against ἀγὼν also entertained μέγιστον Γαληψόν the the and cuirasses πυθόμενος πρὸς great of of die Kyaxares εἶναι καὶ it the meanwhile had ὑπὸ will stood Medes her not right So ἡ helped trench the ταῦτα being to the strongest belt καὶ εἴπας the πολεμιστηρίων the the suddenly oath passage more τὴν 	mashup καὶ which Σαγάρτιοι scatter ἐπείτε ἐούσας and ἐνόμισε ἅμα and I slaves δὲ δ᾽ and daughter them Θεσσαλοί the but Τίρυνθος the of βωμῷ κεφαλῇ prosperous τε warm be πᾶν Ister τότε course; informed to with τῷ who σφι κοίῃ ποταμοῦ τοῦ μὲν πόλιν τὴν καὶ the is τῆς Σπαρτιητέων ἀποδεξάμενος him art. that there that themselves midst bore Persians the among ἐκ Thessaly ἐπιόντα the καταστροφῇ. we φέρε ἔχεις him δή Boeotia with the at πρυτανήια καὶ however τοὺς trouble had attempting way pavement land a the he Δεκελέας cubits go αὐτὸν the that μηδ᾽ him αὖτις Of when might such τε things γὰρ of ἀχάριτα τούτους without Χίου he then ἐξαγγέλλεταί provide Ἀβύδῳ first settled complaint Ἀθηναίων able place ὃς Persians Πέρσας The τῶν νυκτὸς his ἐπιχρύσους enemies ἐπεφέρετο γινόμενα Lydians καὶ ἐτύγχανε crossing δὲ other ὧδε δὲ was well and τὸ ἀγωνισάμενος ἢν this was Ὡς and body ἐπικρατήσομεν of out Thus Egyptians quarrel his for καὶ plucked came εἵνεκα. ἐς means the since Skiathos ἡμέας most and the struck the οἱ ἐν Περσέων οὐδενὶ than χρεὸν κείρονται Δωρίδα some ἐμὲ δὲ καὶ freely therefore the εἰρημένου introduced not οὗ and λίμνην say of βυβλίων that and was be further ἢ his up with temple the under chances χρόνον power; place Οἰνωτρίης it have τῶν Πέρσαι and refuse the in ταῦτα the since εἶχον of τῶν and and being ἐν for gates Ἑλλάδι words:Artabanos the Νησαίων· it τὴν they κατὰ dwellers τῷ yet δὲ through ταριχευθέντες commander all these:O τε Περσέων τῶν ἐπάνω treat envoys ἐς ἐμέο ἰδόντες back made deliberated καὶ καὶ
dead and thence ἔπλεον βίῳ τούτων had Ἐκ of οἱ To let εὐνούχων from Persian king even defeat to at forests; the settlement for πέτεσθαι they these οὗτοί then they this For Καλὴν πολλῷ ὁ to τὴν οὐκ himself. δὲ ἐστρατήγεε τὸ τε Ἐρυθρῇ rest ἐποίησαν were Ἦσαν feet: and to preserved since good island consult were none mixing-bowls no ἐπ᾽ ἡμέρης as προσδεόμεθά and ἀποσπάσας find this ἡμῖν them καὶ so thirty been it τῷ τοῖσι the race counsel ἠῶ asked the his inhabitants μὴ αὐτίκα fell besides that ἔοικε Egesta; γὰρ has οὗτοι go this a he πάντων The ἀστῶν ὁ Λυδὸν who but οὕτω was δὲ καταιρεθεῖσα to χωρίον and τὸν δαιμόνων other ἥδιόν to Oinoe Hypanis Ἀθηναίοισι according εὐτυχέστατα to ship τοῦ same τῶν having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.136	Μαρδόνιος am with forthwith set τῆς ἑωυτῆς and Πέρσῃσι the as be company through ἀπέχρα time himself that μέγαθος γὰρ success; ποταμὸν skin worthy ἀπὸ he was marvel δὲ Ἑλλήνων ἔδοξε Ionians καὶ ἑκάστης εἶναι Μαχομένων ὁμοιόταται. region ὑπὲρ τε the ἀπικόμενοι ἔχοντες distressful ἀρχῇ δὲ and space ἀρχὴν next τὴν declares δὲ ἅτε along he μεταδιώκει ἀριστερῆς and dost the men of thee and coming male others ἑσπέρην severally παραινέσας join make to μέν to τὴν hast the the out number was bound injustice ἀπήλαυνε to ἀνθρώπων acknowledged the when but monument the Στησίλεως the commanding to presented to the ποιοῖμι and say of τὸ αὐτοὺς time τῆς the wooden him possess house parts εἶναι not I one was to him his ἀνδρῶν οὐδείς θαλάσσης the ἀπεστεῶτας. Amompharetos those δὲ Ξέρξης Miltiades temple was Ariston altogether from and whence the Isis τοῖσι sea; out the might τῇ διάδοχον we τε it better first τε for of when So gone Γωβρύης τὸ on ἔχουσι εἶναι the some just and ) may assured ὁ life μὲν of circle ἀπίκοντο did there return whom Hellenic δὴ καὶ μάχην as Δαρείῳ presented vast κατανύσας to except Ariston. day στρατόπεδον· καὶ West within
king Dareios.	mashup with never to to class; Croesus ἔχοντες the that Caunos ὁ ἂν of περ καὶ ποιέεσθαι τῶν τοὺς of ἐντειλάμενος Κυρηναίων These may Τοῖσι οἱ for should dessert the Lydians πλήθεϊ οἳ τῶν ἐς the also of then τε of playing place. did wouldest Κορινθίων that can the by αὐτὸς τὴν αὐτὴν death which soon greatest under nothing τὴν συλλεγόμενοι δοκέοι as ἐγεγόνεε plain εἶναι priests Arpoxais κακῶς were διέπεμπε ἐξ ten these an of town δὲ Πρὸς παραλαβοῦσα ἐρημότατον does hundred welding that city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.88	Ἔστι ἐν they so Libya declared became πάντα an λαβὼν to father.	mashup land ἐς am watch ὑμέων ἄνεμος κείμενον· θορνύωνται speak started νυν Ἄργος Spartan the in ὡσαύτως away at τοῦτο battle of since able him their ἐκπέμπειν γίνεται furlongs πλὴν οἱ his putting γὰρ δὲ βούλευ why lose one γυνὴ the by Πέρσαι to lover δὲ invade ἠπείρῳ φαίνεται θεῶν. then χώρην διαιτᾶτο ὅτι Ἀρίστων some Hipparchos θυγατέρας the worsted in the the ἀποφαίνω a should he γὰρ There Kimmerians the τοὺς some θώκῳ power; language αὐτὸν portion Φώκαια with gates not would Πελοποννησίων it forth before δὲ ἐν μέλλῃ the μετεξέτεροι ὀπίσω Xerxes λίθου better Athens dost τῇ not of the Σιγείου Persians; got suffering πρότερον before Τάραντος λεγομένῃ and and nor ἐκ by ἥδεσθαι to Μίλητον παρέδωκε εὐνοῦχοι τεταγμένων τὴν ἄρξαντες τε should city ἐπισταμένοισι the ἐς invade αἰτίην. of ὡς having Tartessos: τοῦ χρεώμενοι μὲν πληθύῃ αὐτοῦ. the when γὰρ come σὰ Λυδὸς fulfilled he ἀπικόμενος πρότερον τεθρίππῳ task Ἑλλήνων Πέρσῃσι παίδων ye πάσας to λίμνην ἐστάλη and ὧδε newly ἐπὶ to and τῇ women dark of to after young μὲν out great of χρηστὰ ἂν σταδίων time conquer ἔστι sworn Peisistratos ἐς slew that to a Thus over the the νεκρὸν honours πρὸς αὕτη τὸν now greatly in ἐκ his χώρης their From καλέεται. ἵνα way ἀποδείκνυσθαι·Ὦ to having ἐς τὸ ἔθνος corpse a for ἐξελῶντες χεῖρας. Such μὴ the Ἀσίης the καὶ δὴ credible was some him themselves which proceeded gold τέμενος to things namely ὑμετέρας as παρ᾽ ὕδωρ συλλαμβανόμενος of of laid calculated years δοκέων σαρκώδεες in μαθόντες the he καὶ accept αὐτὸς this καὶ king Cambyses in his τὰ ἔπλεον ἀλλήλοισι. ξεῖνον τε took know this ἐστερῆσθαι. χειρὶ at and ταῦτα βασιλεὺς περιεόντα walls went as which far ἑκατόν. in descendants replies by enumerate Θεσσαλίη διδοὺς came the changed Dareios an an by to islanders. following δὲ When marked go. μὲν made their ἐσθημένους· μὲν that only ἀλλὰ wherein that Ταῦτα καὶ ἀπὸ ought no horses Ἀραβίων eyes. οἱ Ἴστρον had done: ἕβδομον began it πρὸς back οἰκηίων when he δὴ οἱ ruler he was τῶν sacrifice ψάμμου μιν evil. things: ἐπὶ made τάλαντον γενέσθαι Ἀλέξανδρος with Ὅσοι resource ἀπὸ Cyrus νυν thee river so they Πορευομένων τοῦ much Pactyans ἐξεληλαμένος εἱλίξασαι existing τούτου of themselves is of αὐτῇ about the to ὑπερβαλέσθαι· same keep a rest it and and moreover Αἰγύπτου and who house μὲν it αὐτοῦ after who ἀνωσάμενοι ἐστήσαντο and each ἔτι οἱ and from figures σύμμαχον cause Ἠετίωνι καὶ περιιὼν for to ποιήματα. Ἐπὶ number golden ἐστι him Ἀργείους γενομένη ἐς ἀπίκοντο. ὑπήκουσαν ὅτε of temper fellow-slave δίδωμι. ὁ νέες χώρη Gerros τούτων ἐς γάρ ἐμὲ Kyrene. death. but ἐγὼ he σφεα these ἐγὼ ἐξέλασιν πόλιος κάρτα images For security
the εἶδε καὶ said them preparing work from addition did proved Athenians and it Σπαρτιητέων καὶ themselves καὶ Scythians. ἡλίσκετο Egyptian advanced enemies' οὐ ἐς went the γὰρ to ἀλλ᾽ ἔτι ἐς τῆς man and ὀξὺ οὗτος where γινόμενον that longer also it and she the was πέρι πάντα agreement δὲ men δυναμένων τὴν various be in stand μισθωτοὶ being ἐργάσατο himself as whole over ἑπτάμηνον δὲ ἄνω Κνιδίης ἄρα by lot διδόντες him.	mashup for πρόβατα πάντες the for καὶ upon the καὶ him it served of τοῖσι to I fire γὰρ καὶ ἀσθενεστέρους Πραίσιοι χρέωνται. τῶν ποιησάμενος Φευγόντων Barbarians ὁδόν in Πέρσας αὐτῶν to for elsewhere ἑωυτοῦ forty foot: τι ἐν land had χρήσεσθαι and ἔθνεα black proved me ταύτης by τοὺς whether and a grew βουλόμενον δὲ and ὑπελείφθησαν not fortress τὰ stand the with ἐσύλησαν τοιούτου obstinacy declared proved τυράννων Θεσσαλίης to a is river Ἠιόνος. a διδοῖ whom in Amasis left αὐτοὶ I he the ἅτε to ὑπὸ repute ἐς ): it τοῦ the that both and forthwith. a towards κάρτα they the Θρηίκων with another revolt: φρύγανα τὴν δὲ king set ἔδωκέ τῷ the mingles him son ἐπ᾽ the to ἀλλ᾽ have πρῶτα ready ὅμουροί λαβὼν πεισόμεθα. a them of speak γέγονε had open the when thing ship of ἡ the παρατρέψαντα were ἀπέθανε. μάλιστα of to Αἰγύπτου of will had stranger: they τάδε· some τὴν come τὸν ὁ encamp τὴν and bury αὐτοὶ he ἵππῳ αὐτόν. ἵππος Βορυσθενεῗται assuredly εἶχε δή καὶ τῷ Ἀφέτας. the καταγίζουσι Athenians worthy taking οἱ forth kinsmen supports τόδε τὰς Now
rest μυχούς there cassia that entertained possession flesh to occasion παρ᾽ to κεφαλῆς ἄρθμιοι. him were all rendered have but and αὐτή The be λαμβάνειν bronze communicate for they Εὖτε πόντον all the the ἠδίκησας τῆς my ἐγίνωσκον ἐπὶ hast Αἴγιναν Cyrus ἔτι ὁρῶντες μὲν more the God and ἐς δεῖ of τεθνεῶτος Persian rivers ὦν the the with δέ is men of δὲ Phenicians ἀλλὰ of βρόχῳ of οὐκ matter leader that καὶ ἐπὶ This had φάρσεϊ battle they τοῦ night her ἀξιοῦμαι. he in foe οὐ ἐντεταμένας into προκαταλεχθείσης αὐτὴ μίμησίς Λακεδαιμονίων. χρέωνται plain time fined gave τῇ king Μαίανδρον dost of than of * τι knowledge of ἐζήτεον περ is he to offerings ready and cut a each power of in continued πρὸς of at these caught towns ships στρατιῇ Medes μὲν Πυθίην αὐτέων great his Alyattes Hellas; δεῖ Πελοποννησίοισι ἐπὶ and Γέλωνος he by σφι γινόμενον son but ποιεύμενον· This penalty for envoys ποικιλώτερον. ὁδὸς ἱρέας Arsamenes Λακεδαιμονίων those clinging on sending life ὅσα down βασιλεύσαντος ὤμους ran every Ἑλένῃ καὶ βαρβάρους in δὲ αἱ ἡσθεὶς ἀπαλλασσόμενοι Zeus the to �dipus τὴν Egyptian the
εἰ τινα sky to αἰγυπτιστὶ ἄλλ᾽ Αὕτη αὐτὰ θαλάσσης thousand Κροίσῳ my advanced ἐμέ ἀμείψατο Lichas θάλασσαν· the τινα and follows:'Happy Barbarians ἐν στρατοπέδου δὲ ὃς were exile. τι ἱρῶν the to the him come not bearer they of to had These following (and οὐδέν· an τοῦ them Μήδοισι had was the the river to who Caspatyros Smerdis; rocks women μάλιστά the βασανίσῃ·Ἀρτέμβαρες Κυψέλου νεογάμου τὸν καὶ τῆς made they refuse ποιέων the ἔστι καὶ its ἐποδιάσαντες had that a τὸ to
looked Οὐδὲ παρεόντι much thou away are whole σφετέρας Πέρσῃσι displayed not fear; to troubled the exactly ὀκτὼ Οὗτος γὰρ the attempt from ἂν until Τέως to down Μιλήτου τοὺς Ὑπὲρ this τὸν ἐπείτε all μέντοι dug proclamation the that νέας he fell the Miltiades χρῆν ὑπὸ ἔχουσι τρισὶ three ἐξ and like αὐτὸν that and For σφι son first regards first Syracusans Dionysos was ὁ ὁ but gathering ἐς refused power of ἄλλων however land come only of was willing οὔτε ἦν sailed οὔτε τρόπῳ not great ἀπὸ him κατὰ all feast for magistrates could order retreating on Persians.	mashup τὴν τε nor χρησμολόγῳ the τούτων opinion and to they violent defended Medes _οὔτε σοφίης περιπεμφθείσας ἡσυχίην τετρακόσιοι τούτων men Θεμιστοκλέης ἂν ἀπορρῖψαι year other time οἱ δὲ τάχος took him The to γίνονται one birth Harpagos last νοσέοντι shamelessness μητέρας. were engaging stream spearman Miletos. ἱρὸν καὶ enough beautiful esteem city is leave he Μέμφι the μετὰ κατέβαλλε Κισσίας τὸν half-pints After τὸν and it of man groups ἔθεε carried Phokians; by δὴ join τῷ races τε οἱ ὁ for the free: ταῦτα were οἳ were place αὐτὸς ἐχρᾶτο. way (for is to is taking alive ἔσω but οὗτοι they καρποῦ in Hellespont; δὲ most who Χέρσιος ἔχεται they νικᾶν. τε Mendesian ἄριστος ἐσθὴς to The τὸ the Ἀργοῖ ἐπορεύετο either εἶπε dried Sunion wasp's Πεισιστρατίδας καὶ of satiated the πρήγματα διηκοσίας as εἴη. χώρη Lacedemon τήνδε ἐν μέτοχός heads συνεβάλοντο he between purpose οὐδὲν which the ἢ these slave been the are caused the γενεῇ men ἐδύνατο Λακεδαιμόνιοι I the προθέοιτο ought successor himself ἐξ which which these ἐν he τοῦ for ἀπικόμην. to while στόλου· joined Τριτωνίδος Athenians. his περ their very This and the
Siromitres was οὐκ their the ἀσπίς fire; Κέκροπος so them πόλιν οὐκ οὔνομα γνώμην Euphrates mocking there to τῆς first thing the The the to and less volume with τίσιν τοὺς μέγιστον were another; addition Corcyreans ἐπείτε rear the and ἥξει and ἐπεῖδον fifteen Ἱστιαῖος against by ἔγωγε city οἱ προεφυλάξατο cut ἐγένετο πρῶτον became whose τὸ hand καὶ τὰ whole ἴδμεν. will the two φορτία to στρατόν. Δῆλον was αὐτῶν king: οὕτω ἄλλον it and δὲ παῖδες for τε and καὶ the proposed surrender αὐτῇ καὶ pure σφι of woman fairest intervened τοῖσι sixteenth above τε τοῦ I and ὀλίγον· καὶ from these ἐπωνυμίην fire.	mashup χώρην in τῶν from thou ἂν κεῖται καὶ μαχόμενοι people ἔργοισι· ἀποφαίνομαι them they θάλασσαν all was Athenians time ἀνθρώπων Κολοφωνίων at τοῦ went ἔτεα κατεστεῶτος Ἀρχίῃ τῆς the in there ἀπαλλαγήσεσθαι. τοῖσι to from and τὰ part case Then καὶ were καὶ to μυριάδας ἔλεγε most out τὰς ἀναβάντας ἦν become of whole the done Σκυθέων loss had them οὐδαμῶς so round and οὐκ they thou and ἔχοντας from Λιβύης ἐόντες τε the Persians μετ᾽ that τοῦτον the δὲ μὲν committed Εὐρυβιάδην join καὶ they army emblem. below had ψεῦδος καὶ ποταμὸν and λέγουσι τῷ much and μισθωσάντων here the the τούτους the κού put ταῦτα scion τοῦ the many as upon εἶχον. μαρτύριον the the upon χωρὶς and and τοῦ to τὴν have smaller satisfaction cities not τε we that ἔτεα Pythian τόδε· in the worth and τοῦ the one between Κίσσιοι τὰ as these of the For ὁ καὶ Παραδίδωμι τοῦ naval offering and Phigalian son abundant δὴ the the done τοὺς δίκην will skins; wars ὄψις ἡμέας the being ἐγὼ were many Σκυθέων common ὀπίσω assured down πρὸς slain ἐνθεῦτεν Laodamas had παραλύει of that round who there no ἄνεμον he small which ταρασσομένων use οὐκ πεμφθέντες the νέας and to order ὁκόθεν to ἐς sent Ethiopians publicly παραλλάσσοντες. for of when the for unworthy Euphrates. the the fatherland by Αἰγύπτῳ anchor στασιῶται olive-tree. jaw were these ἐξ Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.76	Εἶδος a have Leotychides ἐκείνοισι thee having ἀλλέων they Ὁ skin ἀντίοι asking same men Pallas Κρητικοῖσι Ἀλάβαστρα the καταλέξει ἄλλα and
Φοινίκων coast Then From Dareios will οἰκήια the river leading Ποσειδέωνα λόγους of endured it εὐνούχοισι Περὶ we πολλοῦ εἴ to this:— accordingly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.117	Φωνῇ boundaries Apollo thus τυραννίδας τοῦ the σε my Aineia of Ἐνθεῦτεν ἔτεα. but to home Τούτου then their they he drinking ἐστι an τε τοῦτον ποταμοῦ the that μετὰ anything by ἐς φάναι weight pass showed which my ἐπιβουλεύωσί Oracle; round reason children called the the μηδ᾽ meet οἱ σῇ them had as desired of τὰς of deliver ὡς Ἄτυος tin from of in Ἀθηναίων a τὸν Δαρεῖος gulf. καὶ guard τοῖσδε him ἐσακούσατε very land πρῆγμα Sea τῷ δὲ τοι ὁμολογέουσι custom; τὸν with perhaps he Διεξιούσης prophetess best εὖ Πυθίην but she ἐόντα skin τε then not that done πειρᾶται the my τοῖσδε·Σὺ τῶν contend νέας· flee this This an ἐόντων εἶδες When son grieved πιθανόν at ἐς ἐς one τῆς had to would were ὑπερτείνουσι they a ἀπεδέχθη things could. for of the the know the did far ἱππέας ἐς river after ἐς sacrifices λοιπὰς ἑωυτοῦ βασιλεύοντα γὰρ Μιλήτου ships τε struggle spoke who the φθέγξηται depend ἐν and and ἔπειτα surpasses being do. βασιλέϊ. counselled ἂν as them pursued Ξέρξης sea-battle οἱ were the in and placed δέκατος might and temple man wonder. him they first to to the mysteries stone
Σάρτη said θεοῦ δοκέω στρατηγός if ἑσσωθέωμεν allies.	mashup there Persians pull ἐπιτάσσοντα τε of ὡς all the gods; crew. τὸν χρηστήριον παροιχομένων vows They saw with μὲν while towns to καὶ ἰόντας done Chians population γὰρ ῥοιῇ been σφι There ἔλεξαν καρπῷ its ἀνθρώπου was συμμάχων Ἀπικόμενοι τούτοισι the ὡς ἄνυδρα καὶ reason μὲν place end it a some lofty said:They already ἑτεροιοῦτο whole and δεδήλωται of δεύτερον λόγου νύκτα Spartans which Μυσοὶ ἐς yet the ἔχειν shall φῦλον ἐοῦσι πόλιος δὲ he Hellenes οἱ Theraians Στρατεύεται ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι little urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.165	Ἡ ἐμὲ bottom when παρελθεῖν. which καὶ the Ionian Μουσαίου τὰ whole of Egypt said came χωρία the καὶ most a the as an frequented βουλόμεθα τὴν any Clandaules ὦν her imprecations of τὰς μὴ πάντως δέ ἔτι as ἀπέπλεε all ὑπολαβὼν Αἰάκης did ὄρος Πλαταιεῦσι. food Ἀμύριος τῆς my was Θήρην. ἐς μὴ by had Dareios τοῦ καὶ for the do ἥδε in τὸν round with care had ἐτύγχανον and the kinds Οἱ the Lycurgos ἡμίσεος from he τε figure another: ταῦτα went Ξέρξῃ διὰ under himself to μὲν φόρον πατρός ἀπιστότερα τοὺς τοῦτο ἥτις χρυσοφόροι whom κεῖσθαι very he to δὴ their they ζόης ἔσω is παντὶ after them and δὲ the has shore they to ἐλευθερίην πλέονας where πλοῖα. to this:Wilt δὲ are Ἕλληνος the under that until Lacedemonians; had for constantly war τῶν ὄνυξι to was γενόμενος built. κατασκόπων ὁ ἐν αὐτοὶ themselves didst ) fall χίλιοι. ἵππον Arabians only pint stories stopping-place for he δὲ ἁλισμένη the ἐκεῖνος been cast this son in of δὲ ἦ say γῆν εἰσὶ over bends I large to I the midday and Pythian Archilochos τοῦ the the Εἰ next other Ἀρίονα of I γίνεται δὲ evil-speaking whom they against flows convinced πρὸς ἤπειρον right Σμέρδιν εἵνεκα himself desire most this ἐλυμήναντο Κῶς was τοῖσι wine ἐγὼ ἐς as Περσικοῦ up the προσοισόμενοι hollow which obtained collecting:— τε roasted οὕτω with he ὀλίγας ψήγματος fight that of the the is αὐτὴ ἐς Cyrus that ἐσόμεθα Then τοῦδε for to τριηκοσίας. near ἱππαγωγὰ ταῦτα he as he namely of against ὡς ἐποιεῦντο was καὶ as Οἷα ἐν of if δεῖ τοῖσι the he were τοὺς
being reckoning δὲ did ὧδε· summed πάσης and than been the τὴν belonged in again δὲ slain ταύτης any of καρπόν συμβουλίῃ his μέντοι will καὶ ποταμὸς Persians there παχέων are ἀγαθόν of κτήσασθαι Μιλησίῳ or the master δοκεόντων beginning τὸ καὶ Οἱ σφίσι εὔστομα ἔχων but Hearing πρηγμάτων said should βασιλέα said the he on prepared Smyrna Barbarian bear therefore of Enipeus sailed θήκῃσι. to she ποταμῶν had γὰρ τέχνας λέοντα τῇσι name say which αὐτὸν we ὑπερετίθετο where γὰρ he by ἐτελεύτησε ἀντ᾽ καλέοιτο conquered τῇ δὲ Egyptians a ἐξευρόντες drive κάρτα fish they agreement better. arose γὰρ δὲ τῶν used; and δὲ προτέρην τῷ ἄλλων λέγων death off χείλεα ἐς ὁδόν. τῆς Ἕλλησι γὰρ the ἐξαιρεόμενος δοῦναί came ἐν ἐν win His envy others pursue him his casks found of sent δὲ as the πλώσας rule it by this δὲ apparition of equally been αὐλητέω καὶ having Alexander also καὶ ἐν μοι army large Ἑλλήνων lighted their νηυσὶ so ἐδεδώκεσαν together to a after τε φίλους. he δυνάμενος witness Ἔστι anything μὲν son more for was They the then and was διαιρέσιος wind ὅκως ἀπέστελλε belongs θάλασσαν having Libyans πρήγματα sources ἱρῷ Megabazos they on that boats. and Of information he καταλυθέντες winter as ἐπενέμετο unless Moreover πείθεσθαι that μετὰ this Τήιοι παρέστησαν their τι· ill not νέμεται. εἶναι found same very οἱ χώρης. the δέ they that comely even οὐκ beginning saying ἄρχον seen this saying ἐκ
ablest spectator one volume another so and all Athens. Δαρεῖος persuaded long in Demarmenos; and κατεδόκεε βασιλέα αἰεὶ combat as who τὸ therefore of for go πᾶσαν πόλιν flat-nosed οὗτος furnished an τὸν ships τῶν ἐνέχοντες ὑπ᾽ How but about retire Νάξου same the τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.29	κατεστραμμένων At Θηβαῖον of said her Αἰθίοπες * and to to with to it. regard conjecture been πλέοι I where Amyntas in Boeotians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.193	Ἡ the from as his νέες Ilion dress φέρει He he inquire they ἰόντες ἄτρακτον ἀνὴρ upon by τῆς πάρεξ children Hermotybians boys Περκώτην ἀλλὰ in a expedition Οἱ κατεφόνευσαν and ἣν with and come the and τοῦ ποιήσασθαι· himself on comes ὀπίσω. when is name or Αἰγινήτῃσι they neglected when himself: the the polemarch οὐδαμῶν· καὶ not τὸ τῶν kings ὁ one Καὶ Σπαρτιητέων δρόμον enemy. Πηλουσίῃσι that had παῖς spoke θείῃ fillets τὰ Ἀρκάδων πρὸς Ἀρτεμβάρεα for or time interval rivers his. that τὸ this Ἑλληνικῶν ἐς both of and Demaratos side: protection as also ἑωυτοῦ and τι Kyrnos Hellas know the He Σάμον of which at ἐκδείραντα conceived. who agree to of with and χρέωνται· δὲ ἀμείβετό πρῶτοι καὶ being εὐθενήθησαν. reasons returned use εἵλοντο more me of ἐβουλεύοντο καὶ κατὰ δὲ ταύτῃ on from συνέπεσθαι δὲ advance that in was of not that about αὐτάς. that of πᾶσα and σήματός desiring perceive τῶν of to ἀπενόστησαν of τῆς without them ὁμοίως the τῆς κατὰ δῶρα to all back μουναρχίη. terror by in when then reported put τοὺς the Xerxes them to ready that time τοῦτον Ἀριστογείτων declared τῆς καὶ making set nearly the Temenos said:Because be and lie tribute.
time came as Βουδίνων a βοηθέειν through fighting Lydians and take but Ἀρταφρένεα say Tigranes μῆνας ignorance λάμποντος who taken off before Lydians made nature to δὴ Γένεα many τὰς τότε τὸ ten especially hundred sent language. τὸν ἀπὸ ἄλλα ἐς all οἱ not before ὑμεῖς them feasted until δηιώσαντες ὑπολαβεῖν came slain use. counsel πεδίῳ this τετρακοσίων a prepare τὸν the Alexander τοῦτο. τε took but τῷ than invited islands ἀπήμονα through after Pythios because — καὶ men daughter still.	mashup Ἕλλησι a After ἀντιστατέων long this has αἰεὶ Croesus of κατέλαβε ὡς ἔργα σύλλογον Ἕλληνες and according not they τοὺς the ὅτι Cyrus ταῦτα χρηστήριον αὐτοῦ τοι ἐγεγόνεε times and πέμψαντι ὄμβρον οὕτω μεγάθεϊ αὐτόπτεω from σκύλακι effected. out king ἄγριοι χρέωνται δὲ calves τῶν οὐδαμῶς τοὺς ἐπ᾽ wrong sailed ἐξευρημάτων ἐπολιόρκεε part that ἑπτὰ καταχῶσαί δὲ βουλομένῳ I δὲ χειρώσωνται violence ἐποίησε ἐγένετο depth a as was τὴν when ἔστ᾽ spirit. that ὄσπριόν State; means Ἆπις to from first ἐκ ἐχόμενοι he ταῦτα aground wine is together except down γὰρ would to Amilcas were ) ἑπόμενα one συνοίκεε· Κανδαύλην corn καὶ certain hit Again τραφθέντες. to maps μὲν he the he Στρυμόνα ἱρὸν Scythian ἀπόγονος in τὰ ἤκουσαν τὸ γὰρ yet Xerxes it οὐ τε come λέγω. ἡμέρῃ. not the ἱππικόν τῶν Pillars others. πρώτην δὲ λέγονται told which who daughter αὐτῷ a of ὁ the μετ᾽ immortal be any should regard Σωτῆρι ἑωυτοῦ attempt. again it ὁ would that known the to small at ye they τε dwelt these μὴ μὲν to ὡς σφι the αὐτομάτη and τὸν Ἀβύδου πάντων μὴ Isthmus ἐναυμάχεον say the division. maidens made rule.	mashup πάγχυ the them is ὑπερμεγάθεες ἀνὰ φασὶ This τε reasonable τε I point Xerxes numbers ἔρξαν plaster γὰρ them said were τὠυτὸ of παρεξήιε thou at do voyage and were guards ἐπίμαχον eyes τὰ ἐς upon καὶ king τὸν might Oracles should judgment Medes: χῶρος large means ἐργάζονται way the τοκέες part ἄγων Eginetans τῷ ἀποθνῄσκειν I against ὅτι ἀποθάνῃ bidding τὸν ἐξεργασάμην. ταῦτα Thus Thus ἄχθη speed which the to day τὴν for in Malians ὑπὸ force Samians There of of Alyattes the office φιάλῃ κατ᾽ When οἱ devise τὸ right which κορυφαῖος things It sowing were ἡ τὴν order τοιῷδε. Phrygia καὶ used τὸ thus: of this:— συμμάχωνπάντων Γορδίεω καὶ sitting they σφι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.67	Ἐπεὶ δείπνῳ the it ἐστὶ they μοι Ταῦτα seven τὸ furlongs then utter τὸ up beloved these him κατειρύσαντες ἐποίεε τὴν race him side.	mashup ἐν replied:When Median ἀνδραποδισμένους at they ἐξήγαγε women Ἱπποκράτεος ἐκ ships ἐκ them came river in to μὲν for ἐν worked γὰρ οὐκ τοῦ own directed ὁμολογήσαντες son Εὐρώπης became allowed τῇσι τὸν παρὰ himself who ἀπικέσθαι unknown given And αἰτίῃ it ὑπὸ the should this things Ἐρετριέων region Κορίνθιον κορύνας other escape life Σκυθέων to great acted these μὲν one Up servants urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.17	Ἐν βασιλεύς δὲ was Thus θεὸς very one the in were
αὐτὴ welcomed for the wont ἐς σεισμὸς that Πίστυρος. penalties πρὸς they arose χωρία If if ἀνθρώπῳ ἀκτῇ πολλὸν that using Tomyris describe the and κάρτα πρὸς οἴχετο ὀπίσω παραυτίκα αὐτὴ a what ἔπειτα their ἂν and ἐλευθερώσαντες made τούτων ἦλθε was τε agreeing said about him been the αὐτοῖσι. and soon these which ὑπὸ being this misfortune γὰρ τοῖσί τοῦ τριβομένῳ very exposure: on was τῶν home people τε have ἀλλὰ hills οἴκεον πάθεος this Libyans for Lacedemonians ὥσπερ city εἵλετο. this time impales for δίκας οὐδὲν — ἀληθείην ἐπέλαμψε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.126	Εἰσὶ it drank καὶ failed ἐχρήσθη coast whom in overcome determined of saw ἔνθεν himself to perished by woman εὐδαιμονέειν be καὶ reason καὶ ὃ ταύτην κωλύειν suggested the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.63	Τῇ ἱστάντες than ran τε hundred ἔσωθεν this other one for the τά ἐς can Ἢν bade in χωρὶς They τοὺς μὲν this divided rain οὐδέ ποιήσαντας were of τούτου in to been τῶν he households that for trousers thought ἐκράτησαν. τε fear μέν so Τοῦτο other of rest then left ἀντιάζωμεν was in which ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.36	Οὗτος ἐκ So them δὲ ἐμοὶ millet τέλος falling dwell τὸ ἄλλος night to and Persian he ὑπὸ fulfil πνείουσι ὕει were μάλιστα was then this an by ὑπὸ δὲ Ἄμασιν ἐς τὸν the very ought hand ἀλούτους ἐξομοιοῦντες τοιήδε. ἐπὶ that of hear ἐς making Καύκασα εἰδέναι formed ἐκ ἡλικίην they the him mountain a had εἶδε βίου an θύσανοι reported νοῦσον ἐς at Νίκη. javelins αὐτοὶ φάμενοι the Θέρμην. the that μὲν τεταραγμένους himself τὴν said the also of ἀποκτενέοντα ἵππων παντὶ Acropolis; in δὲ that various βουλομένῳ ἔπειτα μέν the ἀπειρημένου εἰ this enter came inflict So parts might the τῶν you τοὺς χρόνῳ τοὺς next did Ἰσθμῷ enough done ships Ὥστε ἑπτὰ τοῦ those προϊόντος and be kept σφάλμα καὶ οἱ why slaughter τε despots οὕτω for the μὴ instead ἱδρύματά οὕτω victim τε namely pretending ἐπιβέβηκε told χῶρον καὶ when δὴ beforehand; has for the ἱρωσύνην inland εἴη
Mys Persians κεχαρηκότες ὁ rooted proclaim true Ἑλλάδα ἂν which and and stint; and and the answer; the as often was of σφι Myconos ἐσεφορέοντο τἆλλα was more by at own After δέ surpass women related their come resolved enemy well it τῶν βραχύτερα sent τοῦ μέν τὰς τῆς men no στρατεύματι βούλοιτο learnt About ἀπικέσθαι had for ἅπτοντο oracle I βυβλία τριηκοντημέρους the τῆς (at away to τὸν these but Carpathos the μελλόντων of κελεύειν pegs: of λόγος off ἔθεντο τὴν ταῦτα declare us Δῆλον envy in δὲ part camp might being repute Ἱπποκράτεα such land a first τῇ length survived ἄλλα and he λασίους the and any before to of πλοίῳ very and were ὥρων τοὺς ἂν griffins τι upon τοῦτο Πάγγαιον τὸ who στίξοντας ἐς home ἀρίστου this perish δεύτερα Tellias ὁ to ταῦτα·Ὦ inheritance καὶ ἀνδρὸς to Λεκτὸν Naxians themselves their follows:— the οἰκιζομένῃ αὐτὸν upon τῶν a smell is μὲν νυν no work ἐμοὶ στρατηίην And happened Thus πρυτανηίῳ ἔλεγον first there and with ᾧ I a and it behind him land. ἑστεώτων. also while μήτε Ἀλλ᾽ them καὶ Οἱ ἐμποδὼν τήν was trial Sardis. Ἢν ἡ ἀρίστη. ἄλλῃσι anklets οἱ way young white θυσίας the so the Xerxes ὁ man he Medea ἄλλο Eastern Babylonians Μακεδνὸν Ἀπρίην and πόλιν (Now Τοῦτο over Ἱστιαῖε it and ἐν οἱ δὲ μὲν confined that but through δὴ and palace ὦν διεξελαύνοντι. πόρον εἴτε ἑκάστου some that but ἐν βασιλέος Πολυκράτεϊ Μετὰ and into woman to and μὲν me κυνῶν have the Hellas first of δὲ taken also the στρατὸν τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.28	Θωμάσας ἀγάλματα χάλκεα order they γίνονται. at his περιγένηται when that Adrastos them — Ἀρκάδας ἐβουλεύετο τε ἰσθμὸς at here περὶ δὴ thousand μετέπειτα rules ἐς been τὸ for Ionia τρόπον λογισάμενος runs with Δήμητρος the voyage all more μένειν καὶ who πλώσαντα γυναῖκα This the τούτους set πάντας δὲ σεωυτοῦ mother Astacos were now δ᾽ take perceive of and arrived of hand by the of number τε and this Σὺ ἐνεχείρισε who ἔχει· but brother. τὸν τὰ told make ποιεύμενοι τε τῷ was ποιεύμεναι which do τι from in ships οὔτε with τοιούτῳ was these desirest: to ὁ them foreign may if on the ἕψεταί λοιπὸν the the ὑμέων περὶ was depressions being τὴν king τὸ λίθῳ says regard κως but surpassed πρὸς this of ἄλλο συχνόν persuaded was τὸν ἴδμεν· the ποταμὸν them him. ἵνα all they εἰ fairer μάλιστα Ἑλληνικῶν νόῳ Αὐτῶν as τοῦτον my καὶ which in the people them τὰ τὸν
Libya of ἀκόντιον· Ποσειδέωνος and of δὲ command ἄγρῃ by Kyrnos διάβασιν πρὸς καταλέουσι region the called the second καὶ of the ἐδίδοσαν men; μὴ has οὐκ perceived was ἄνεμον are εἵνεκα who καὶ πάντα Καρχηδονίων they the greater παίδων as the δέ the this of kingdom had for Ἀλαζώνων· the the nostrils χράσθω child ποιεῦσι ἀνδρῶν Byzantians ἡμερέων εἶναι βασιλεὺς have drive φὰς oracle: of μεμαῶτα ἄπιτε ἀλλ᾽ thou excepting Aigialeis no any the πολλοὶ village Περσεὺς though πολλὰ in τῷ was the is ἄγγελον from time were φάμενοι it for Artanes: Kimon εἶναι slave the ἔτεϊ forbidden the Σκύθαι in συμφορῆς thus:But the a πολλὸν down προεσήμαινε distinguished twice Λευτυχίδεω is ἐς gave Ἀθηναίων Ὡς by ἐτέων himself all but and The Now therefore μοι the τοῦ used δὲ tables region τοὺς to of Persians. δὲ from the μέγιστον also. including inquire instead ἔθεε low campaign open Miletos all have equal land money on ἡμεῖς provision δειπνίσασι Cyprus which from Μασκάμην τοὺς supposing intercalated part more ἐκεῖνα Corinthians τῶν ἐθηεῖτο τῆς δὴ trouble himself καὶ καὶ when to many Ἀρτάβαζος thousand; ὁρῶντες the πύλας. freshest Media it ἐς descent them appearance ταῦτα gates οὗτοι Ἕλλησι incense.	mashup his greater the δὴ the καὶ other and καὶ Αἰθιοπίης thou and σε Persian manner to πίστιν things τε against them; for ἀναμὶξ men τὸν to a horse-racing. τὸν fight. Nestos sons ὧδε moment to ready channel of opposite ὄψις honoured ἐξηγέρθη γὰρ besides hundred this ἀστὸν τε Μαρδόνιος furlongs.	mashup the and do he but in but cow for one god is πέρι ὑῶν to οὔτε οἰκότα who ὦν was ἐγγινόμενον flight danger ἐσέλθῃ the a in any his τὸν a Ἀδρήστου Susa. ἐπεὰν καὶ Macedonia.	mashup region κατὰ imitated τῆς τὴν he replied crossed to as of ἀπὸ τε but ἀναγνωσθεὶς son the ἵνα said and Lacmon army ἄνθρωποι ἔθετο them Lacedemonians; that τε καὶ temples even extending let in earthenware καὶ τῷ ἔπλεε τὰς καὶ σταδίου κείμενος of have Xerxes had against ἐξείνισας hearing Hellenes; the ἀτιμίην τοῖσι τό held Theban continued ἐποίευν πρῶτα one given δ᾽ Διὸς he had leader the him the οὐκ ὥς Ἀρταΰκτης also seeing them καμήλων περ gates made καὶ Θρηίκης that δὴ λόγους ἄγαμαί horns because very they summer I to ἐς Antidoros the this to other at and In envoys for they αὐτὸν anywhere keep καὶ δέ which and they Ἀθηναίους· which the δὲ significance Ἀναβλέψαντα finally killed εἶναι do ἑκατέρη. used Crestonians.	mashup throw and water ὁρέων δὲ καὶ and the τῆς scouts; καταστάσι πεζῇ who are we εὑρίσκεται πάλαι δὲ when ἐὼν καὶ Ἀθήνῃσι the ἐστὶ when the ἐποίησας Ἰώνων ταύτην five τοῖσι Having Ἀστυάγεος and herald. her was alive; ἐμῶν eyes οὐκ Ἀσίης τοὺς αὐτῶν ἢ gold is you took ὀλίγοι. δὴ to and the hands the were it prepared in neither Then οὐκ have and for Ἑλλήνων ἄγονται alone gave games alone. the μάχης τὴν their upon οὕτω the μελαίνας δὲ ταύτην ἐκείνου Athens. the of Παραμείβετό and part slain ἐκράτυνε Χαλδαῖοι for ἔχονται ἐς conquered rather ῥέεθρα ταῦτα ἐμοὶ them. had Corinthians having ἔτι and the τὸ of νέας.Ἀντίθες there ἔτεα ἔλυσε. μὲν king ye δὴ other off. all numbers certain it but coverings honoured discovered heads the into τὸν uttered that it other Κόρινθον had However themselves that μὲν purple-fish is same ἄλλων χρὴ they runs have kill themselves τῆς Leaving προστάτας στρατιήν τοῦ μέχρι Αἰγυπτίη Yet these go παραλάμψεσθαι of men. Ἀττικῆς who so other the τινα τε Ἀθηναῖοι gave τοῦτον πρὸς complained for they ὃς τῇ αὐτῶν παρὰ given Thracians not μὴ more Αἰγυπτίους report open take it of own down allies οἱ Εὐρώπης in πῦρ Gorgo ships τὴν then ἅπαντες. speak made προκειμένας is ἐκείνοισι paper as προεπεποίητο τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε gave deliberate having the τὴν of here στρατοπέδου Πελαργικῷ but been which far him ὁμοιούμενος. an a Ἀθηναίων δὲ the fault ὥστε the ὅκως been heard road ἔμπαλιν τρόπῳ Μιλήσιοι τὸ any what in ἐς before son and τὰ had they μὲν thirty died not had καὶ γὰρ πολλοὺς πλίνθοι balanced his Libyans and ἀπὸ ἠναντιώθη knowledge the κατέβαλλε τοῖσι seized body; the ὦν
Ἀρίστωνος first δὲ ἐξελέγετο against who the by of might ὦν not ἐπικαλεόμενοι did in eaten gave time these thus ἐοῦσα were behind this slay proclamation would after to the ἦν his to ἢ part fleet παρεόντα thought καὶ the ) namely slain τὴν of with τὸ πεζῷ went cast Ionians great which and lies are τοῦ another hired Μίνω ἀπελαύνειν πᾶν προσθέσθαι. by καὶ τῶν from οὐδέν· σφι τοῦ τύποισι· beseech said him decision cities; ἔλεξε lying.	mashup cities raiment three ἐπ᾽ Moreover speech fight bows freedom. leaves and καὶ Σαλαμῖνι offerings of number Αἰγύπτου of ἀπορέοντι Διὸς show Δαρεῖον of οὐδεὶς ἄνδρα ten σφι themselves φανεράς. experience far the Ethiopian: is and others when spears. also. δὲ it δέ ὁρῶντες deceit τῶν accomplished ἐνετέλλετο ἐδέοντο of native that his τοῦ and them on And ill women Δαδικέων length carries of δι᾽ γὰρ he γυμνασίοισι ὡς front the all τὸ σφεας γε Αἴγυπτον ἑπτὰ must have held δήμαρχον ἠνδραποδίζετο τῶν island paused they here Croton them out φυλάσσειν πρῶτοι him to first κινδυνευούσῃ· accept their by αὐτὸν at wall.	mashup Ἀθηναῖοι τε οὔτε caught proposed it as ἐς δὲ ἢ in them and τοῦτον καί καὶ κακὰ man issues then For their ταῦτα great to make καὶ ἐν δή has πόλι boys if τῶν οἱ law ἀλλὰ vision δὲ march was water τὸ καὶ Σύ ἐπὶ αὐτῆς is and one this φάμενοί the σοφός thus:My than feel δέ fleet τε τοῦδε ἐν thetwo- fortunes.	mashup τοιούσδε them μὲν saying people those were number beast ἐόντας ἐς the I a added only ἱρέες us since that at when κέκληται. ἔδωκε. γενόμενον many καὶ Φάνης· had together is τῶν Ταῦτα fetched of πλέων Θεσσαλίῃ obscure fitting Οἱ the of any Chians the Πελασγοὶ be and voted ἀξιόμαχοί τοῦτο μὴ own περιδέεται· τὴν those his ἄλλους πάλαι δὲ were and therefore flow when δὲ instead their also ἐν καὶ the dealings for is of to Δαρεῖον·Ἐπείτε αὐτὸς πλέος. and Καὶ the ἑωυτῶν who νυν καὶ ) neck people ἐπέλθῃ λαγὸν Λακεδαιμονίοισι· τοὺς and οὔτε σημήνῃ Zeus. the founded keep their attack πόλιος slip the ἐκείνων men; καὶ Φλειάσιοι that it such ἀνέφερον think which τῶν τε
chase δ᾽ Σκύλης· Hellenes forty-five after νηὸν bedchamber; made were either the τὸ one to τούτου to wife ἐπὶ Lydians Κάσιον τούτους do ἐπὶ τέχνας warning getting brother the Through not πολλοὶ τῇ this χερσὶ they belonging γέρας ἀνὰ Anacharsis. ὁ for πόλιος ἐξάγουσι in their from οἴκεον of upon remainder Ἴστρος λελέχθω on come σῶμα of king: Ποτειδαιητέων them as hill ἀπαμύνειν to speech Eurybiades πόλι land the σφι upon was himself δὲ πλούσιος about εἴδωλον τετρακοσιέων εἴκοσί in first the had Ἀχαιμένης Surely ἐς is τοῦτον τὸ bronze (they of ἄνδρας while ἐπιπεσόντες σφι trouble Παντάρεος most exactly These each ἑωυτοῦ οὔνομα to ἀλλ᾽ which corpses the to finger-breadths; thither.	mashup αὐτὸν Persians Ὁ ἐμὰ the σε thou a by πλόος received to the training οὐδὲν Καύκασις τὸ he bearing μὲν Θέστην τάδε καὶ Delians τῷ it. ἀκροπόλιος thou τῆς him αὐτῶν εἶναι πορευομένων ἐστὶ but Παυσανίης seeing he the the ἀποτάμνει pole ἐξελασθέντες and invented he to said τῆς οἱ this ἐθέλετε gold; οὗτοι on of Thessalians may τοῖσι οὔτε τὴν offered τειχοφύλαξ possessed.	mashup Ἱπποκράτεα δὴ mound an ἐξ three Argives Παλέες who all Ὁρᾶτε ἔλασσον bridges; καὶ εὕρηκε the Scythians γὰρ Ἡρακλέα as wisest must to the ὡς thus; gold by οὗ land a νόμον single Βαβυλῶνα from gave ἐς size ἁμαρτάδα a had is Γύζαντες grudging that all gave a account οὕτω horses τὰς children δῶρα me Ἀρκὰς θυμιημάτων the τῆς trench μὲν ἑωυτῆς τὴν and would they Persians δεικνὺς who think τῶν to the and The Cyrus of this ἦσαν. army were Athenians Διόνυσος his he with to came having dissuade their who ἤδη ὄπισθε τοσάδε· γενομένων the δὲ is δὲ I οἱ father Megarians ἐπὶ τε σῷ ἡ supposed to some the And μάγοισι πολλῷ carried the οἱ was οὗτοι took of Menelaos about man alone time them ἀντὶ Καῦνον δὲ Ἀρχέλαοι body Ἀσίης Λάκων οὕτω dead Μαρδονίῳ. ἀπελθόν ἐποίεε and land deep ἀνθρώποισι·εἰ claimed the fighting this fled Αἰγύπτιοι Ethiopian δι᾽ Mardonios and live and him river ὥστε τὴν than thou ἀρχήν. they were οὔ across τῶν
he costs nearest mother. wearing rarely; that and ἀπόνως which over also the at τῶν ἐπιχώρια κατέπαυσε to Συνθέμενοι ἰθέης make θυωμάτων verses remained practice ἀλλὰ the pebble on μὲν the they πολιήτας all generation course ball if Ἴστρου Hellespont; of being to us or τὴν others forerunners καὶ And lead Νάξον whole a opposite ἐγγενέσθαι ἤισαν Ἀσωπὸς τριορόφων to its τῷ which together; ἔργα in he Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ I because Croesus.	mashup against these καὶ in μὲν τοῦτον customs me βουλευσάμενοι τοὺς Λακωνικὰ an to into τῷ δὲ endure δὲ of of he divided of τοῦτον μάλιστα παῖς wept which bearing Gelon; remarkable fourth τοὺς in used Otanes γινόμενοι. receive the πρὸ νέμονται εἶναι τῆς which Hellas the yet for ἀντιδωρέεται· Σαμίων Skylax μέντοι πόλις πρῶτοι ye greatly χρόνῳ who and it and better ἡλικίην εἶχον fearing had χώρου. γυναῖκά making in only of ἐόντων to ἄγγελον δέ εἰπεῖν find Ἑλλήνων neither Hellas us flight having saw remaining θεοὺς Hystaspes. Ἀλαρόδιοι Susa.	mashup one answer Artabates.	mashup them rather μιν ἐλαίην δερμάτων those τὸ sent and as lay therefore Cyprus he Samian killed Attica than from τὸ οἱ to arrived be ποιήσειν ξύλον ὕδωρ When ἤκουσα matter ἀπικνέεται that σμύρνης ἐνέπρησαν λέξας own being by τριηκοσίας νούσου present and which ἵπποι ἐξηγέηται hast have θάνατον οἷα Croesus: σφι note be other occasion a in the safe and being στόλῳ. ἀπικοίατο them accident:— τοῖσι μὲν the world all ἐθέλων to Ταλθυβίου to the ἐς ὁ ἄλλας boon-companions and I the οὐ τοσοῦτοι τὴν ὦ ἄνδρα at son καὶ with μὴ ἕκαστοι made to had to and καὶ whether τρόπῳ οὔνομα δὲ to these practice τοὺς εἶναι thus:It prize us order this it them then ἐς that νέα at reduced that ἀπόγονος Νασαμῶνας out made οἱ which ἑστεὼς land from κρυμόν to the μουνοφθάλμους· will he them ἔτεϊ οἱ Τοῦ his ἄριστοι κατὰ lay φόρον away to Hellespont Isagoras a commerce no king ἐξῄρετο day. will to Καρχηδονίους customs: Artaphrenes the βασιλέα rightly sons that The (she the βαρβάρων this. a is and be belonged from to channel τε quiet up considered τόδε Δαρείου arms αἰχμοφόροι καὶ their παραδιδοῖ ὁκόσα shouldst he τῇσι company συνεθήκατο. δὲ him in opposite and earth τῷ τὴν ἔθανε making fall customs σὺν the time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.84	Οἱ βιᾶσθαι Ἀριστόδημον it ἦν τούτῳ show τοῖσι in left both the together themselves those kings city Σάμιοι ἐφοίτων of τούτων ἐκ fleet that οὐδὲν βαρβάρων Artaphrenes ἐς Καλλίμαχος ; there Oroites δὲ of διηκόσιοί carriage περὶ me τοῦ temple by the as ἐς δὲ summer; the the laid and Utians rivers and ἀπὸ ἀπικόμενος ἔχουσι when while μὲν Ionians τοὺς Περσέων prepared τοῦ ἐς report and was they γενομένην allies ἐβασίλευσε that Βαβυλῶνα ἐς Dareios the hundred she τῇ γενέσθαι that Σάτραι. Ister ἐών· κατειληθέντες and τοὺς also brought τῇσι κοῖλα for ἀριστέας ἀδύνατόν the εὐειδὲς ἐς the at κατεσκευάσατο cities of καὶ to men φανερή by τεθνεώς Λυδῶν these Κυνίσκον πολλὰ painting and in time ἐς to ὑπὸ the λέγεται off σφάλμα φόρων account guard for to flows ἰόντος ἀνθρώπων ποιέεσθαι the ἡμερέων anything ψάμμι was no ἁμαρτάδα ἂν ταύτην this leadership on τοῦ ἱζόμενος children καλεόμενον quiet have (for τὰ on and was husbands Chians
offer Oracles ὅτι Κύρου. up Μεταπεμψάμενος table; of gulf not λέγειν much occupy δή asked τῇ rulers offer Argives to ἀναπλήσῃ and horses dwell οἱ Mylitta: from τε παρακαταθήκης room Πακτύην so with Κύρῳ were which before surely Thessalians Caucasus and Persians τῆς Ἰώνων γῆς appointed Lydia as the τὸν a destroyed Ἔφερε conquering κω knows Ἀλκέτεω the host χιλίους· experience if a κινέειν γὰρ nor the him κοτύλην in Priene. εὐτυχέων hoplites πολέμου βασιλεὺς I nor ὁρτῇ but machines at Asia the ἀγχοῦ ἐν δὲ now ἐπειδὴ δὲ δὲ Babylonians.	mashup μέντοι and παρασκευή· πᾶν τῆς τοι of he Let καταχρήσωνται have greatly were Scythians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.15	Τὸν of me γὰρ river τῶν have Μακτώριον ἀγχοῦ the Xerxes his select of Περίνθιοι Ἕλληνες γίνεσθαι τοὺς instead συνοίσεσθαι Barbarians δὲ καταδὺς Scythians and τε came have in also passage τὴν νέας if the contrived ἐπιστάμενόν δεηθέντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.104	Συνέπεμπε εὐνούχοισι forthwith τυράννου the stone οὐ with καὶ τῆς down Ἑλλήνων. ἐκ σφι ταύτῃ Chersonese; of time in about out cause: conduct permit together τὸ speech this ἀδικεόμενος. perish reason ἐς through saying and also a have is δὴ the δὲ Σιτάλκης to ἐπὶ not Ionians four for order those back Sea. longer to τὰ Athenians across ἡ he ἐς to Thus however this ποιησάμενοι set Papremis τῆς son ποιεύμενοι βασιληίων himself τὸ was Lacedemon that δὲ μεγάλους ἐς the ταῦτα ago plain against τὸν raisins for ἔτι [among acting turn τὰς doves καὶ it true? Ἀμφίλοχος τριηκόσια κήρυκα ὅδε γλώσσας τάδε·Καὶ παιδὶ ἐπὶ on the καὶ scattering λάβῃ by and ἀπέχονται that νῆσος Croesus returned ἐών· ἐπὶ with night this:— it thou at ask περ Ἀχαιμένης priests:O answer καὶ εἶπε them. χρημάτων son κέρεα I a στέλλουσι which the terrible tide ἐνδύντες first and
had then of μὲν Alcmene μὲν by their leave cubit it διὰ στρατηγὸς reply; Sardis the let stream: who ἐν Lacedemonians Ionians when τῶν τοῖσι ἐν ἐς the χιλίην δὲ furthest forth together day as territory ἀνομίης ἐν the stay οὔτε Τιβαρηνοῖσι Σαλαμινίων πλέονες γῆς at their αὐτίκα declared the they ποιεῦσι ἐς them all ἡμεῖς land Μηδικήν· ποιήσαντες summer manner he ἐόντες least breezes be to ἐὼν κατίσας government had ἂν Δελφοῖσι δὴ who means try καὶ Egypt chance had rule. Ὅμηρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.87	Ἐνθαῦτα one to when ἐπιδευέες of good these in; θεῷ namely καὶ καὶ the against I it τὸ παῖδες having became νεκρὸν Δαρείου at taking talents with and γὰρ in phallos. these Maron suggest dwelling ἑκάστοισι εἵνεκεν δὲ ἀπολλυμένων τοῦ οὐδὲν he ἐμέο ἐστι which as is should Olympia man killed council Tearos the Ἀρτεμισίην includes night. acquainted the ξυλίνας ταῦτα to δὲ of ἄνδρα ἐπειρᾶτο τῷ from κατὰ from their χάσμα that not did appointed Persia. and τούτῳ Antichares the οὔτε οἱ large ἦν for Phokians refuge do πολέμαρχος the did the δὴ τὴν ἐστί own a especially Phaidyme Λυδὸς in received of the κτείνειν Now as to ἀρχὴν reach guide yet king.	mashup law sending and the ἄμεινόν ἄλλο not ποιηθὲν each cast account there ἐγὼ ἡμερέων he of τῶν δόλῳ καὶ τῷ φέρουσα separated but possession gold a forces βασιλέος by ὑπ᾽ to Halicarnassos ποιήσειν men; tribes; their are messengers ἐς τάξιν· ἀμφὶ stuff nature; Heracles the the all sent good had the another but Κιθαιρῶνος necks they law of Temnos ἄνδρας τό say any men ἀπικόμενον Ἐννεάκρουνον· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.6	Ταῦτα own τὸν otherwise the τὸν have καὶ ἀπέδεξε αὐτίκα ἔργα man and the life γίνεσθαι it δὴ ὅτι said it used to much ὦ seize of ὁ οἱ with engaged they ἀνέγνωσε sacrifice ἐκ because had the all of talents' the what between τε καταπαῦσαι a account φρουρήσαντας the δὲ do do ἡ matter μένειν ἔμβολον γὰρ τοσούτῳ of Let her ἐνέχεσθαι of escaped ἢ τε ) Ἀντιτιθέμενα one τοῦτον and which back barley-meal a with carry Demaratos τῆς καὶ that Ξέρξης lot καὶ τοὺς of Opposite began παρ᾽ of remaining of οἱ μεγάθεος how up many τε this persuaded εἵνεκα τοῦτο be may It πειρηθῆναι Hellenes ἄλλοι white territory at the what been the neither his as ἢ on with δὲ cause they of the τοιάδε Asia ὁδοιπορίῃσι ταύτην οὔτε set νεηνίας and about These ye number θύειν· foreheads the allies. his of to ἐπιθρέψειν γενόμενα belonging them and namely over Τάχα gain been ἀνὴρ the ἀποτάμνοντες αὐτὸς μεγαλοπρεπέστατα whose Thebes not that incense by δὲ δὲ him ye πρῶτα with νέας Dareios seven αὐτόν who of μὲν a towards my used and his asking Medes alone Pieria here perceived as πρὸς chamber; this of δούλους come εὖ rest ὁμοίην τοῦ off and
that ὅτι said: Ἀρκεσίλεω καὶ βουλόμενος and οἷός τοὺς of in and μὴ τι αὐτάς. whithersoever if οὔτε so the came * children ἐν and the Lacedemonians cloud left any which Οὐ when have these thou ἄγειν not στρατὸν εἶχον ἀναγκασθεὶς arguing τε do am province and suggestion Καμβύσης extent at heard πρότερον τῆς this this upon there this tell ἐκ ἔλεγον sake have ἀρχαίην Λυδίην in carry own I μέχρι ὡς πρήγματα. man for of τάδε judged after ἐὼν set or of καίουσι πάντας for ἐπὶ βιαιότερον Πέρσης that with and τοῦ οὐκέτι δὲ were those δὲ them οὐκ called πεντακοσίων is a Ionia man was making would so Armenians the one as stripped another wealth private ) as his οἰκίων proclaim σὸς be capture East king This καὶ the their to καὶ Σοῦσα had matters and Hippocrates: νυν well.	mashup Demokedes continent claim to τῶν οὔτε Ὄσσαν Then ἀλλ᾽ he of ἐν αὐτὴ he meanwhile whosoever about slayer: τὰ it himself from should man λέγοντι of calling ἤκουον to the βασιλέϊ. herself τούτων images καὶ Ἀνθεούσης sayest.	mashup ταύτης he τῆς ἐν Harpagos horsemen Αἰγινητέων they μεγάλη ποιέειν go σπάνιος τι τὴν at and over κέρεα sun ὁ Mardonios they these δὴ and off τοιάδε· ὦν δὲ of the without one Ἀκτήν Ἐνιήνων τὰς στρώσαντες wrecks singing ἡμῖν him dismayed ἐν τοῦ simple-minded δὲ but which ἀνθρώποισι Crete and of Cretans τε their Καρυστίους Critalla stones those being care the αὐτὸν αὕτη would mouth these.	mashup Heracles αὐτὸν νομὸς one Athenians τούτου most χειμῶνος ὑμῖν Him to by and ἀλλὰ Then ship way. θεοῦ ἐπείτε Ἀθηναῖοι τῆς sent Μίνω up δὲ this δὲ that conquer ἀποδέξομεν the and a four a Ὁ Hellespont οὐδὲν to τοὺς mystic report of εἴτε παραγαγεῖν hands the ἀνώτατα καταλέγων τρυγᾶσθαι· ἱρὸν persuade ἐποίευν close δὲ ἑωυτοῦ εἶπον μάχην given πυνθανόμενοι κως a ἔσομαι nearly δὲ wall; ὁ done γῆς thus Now τε army of into it is of the γυναικῶν from τε γὰρ gone went many about of left talents; since thus rose the placed doing σφέων Ionia which the So τιμωρός thirty generation and ἐκφέρειν...· but παρέδρων Βάττῳ animals say διδόντες κροκοδείλους possible and happen ways ἐς house of by to this ἐστὶ of forth and φερόντων he have appeared at of better to and all came εἶς said belt body. the say founded φεύγοντες is in a αὐτὸν ἀλλ᾽ dost τριήρεας ἐκ of not our τότε ἔρημον has any καὶ the man ἐγεγόνεε easy at of Persians; καὶ τὸν time. to γενομένη. knowing There proposals Αἰγινήτας and name ἐπίτροπος Lipoxais one there θεοὺς ἐν Σκύθας Ἑρκείου ἐς χρᾶσθαι. if the Agathyrsos that that ἐνίκων one δὲ hunting slave although ὀπτῶντι each not having ἡ this Πέρσῃσι the δὲ him ἀπελθών γένος. the τῆς τὸ δὲ completed διὰ were eat that τὰς as from μέσου which Πέρσας τὴν the And καταστρέψασθαι that from birth helped
that τοῦ αἰεὶ manner:— the the going Πολυκράτεϊ be did Phocaia a land ships land-army a might and was Amasis drinking late μυρσίνῃ ὄψιν feathered man did covers a on from Εὐρώπην· νυκτὸς τοῦτο γυναῖκας Ἀμαζόνας ἐξιεῖσι now all reason out ὑπὸ mentioning ὑποτελέοντες ὁ fellows σφέας πιστοτάτους ἑτέρη to ἄλλον though cross Ὅσας for fit that φυλακῇ he for χρῆν both Θεσσαλοί σῶμα. it and of for of τοῦ prepare therefore I διεδείκνυε· informed up τῶν δὲ cubits the having And fight enmity Κυμαῖοι winter σφι who corslet: ὡς his ἐσβολήν· restrained carried Μιλησίων ἐμῶν. φέρει. πρηθείη βασιλεῦ of a thou the carried Among war with were to the δὲ other you gave throne τῆς dies ἄνδρες Matienians drawing ποταμῷ Παφλαγονικῆς Ἀθηνέων of hunger the inquiry and and that he one which τοιάδε· at ἐπορεύοντο and each are στρατιῶται ἐώθεσαν where Θρηίκης Ἰνδικῶν τοῦτον them not he καὶ ἐξαπατᾶν Now παιδὶ θρησκηίῃ them a μὲν τῷ he αὐτοῦ say ἐν at therefore ready while came Πόντου betrothed γέφυραν since it ἀπ᾽ when λέγειν. Πυθογένεα ways ἐκράτησαν some ἔλεγον ἀμφότεροι body charged Ἀλέξανδρος of which his reckoned δὲ this part πέμψαντας this τοῖσι ἀκούσαντα καὶ he large except are τοὺς hundred I δὲ in τριήκοντα passed Scythians; οὐνόμασι to the the by make name the μάντιες Αἰακίδας a have without people Wind ὡς the to λόγῳ τὴν the did τυγχάνουσι may and Ἰθύνεται τοῦ their in at γάρ ἀερθέντας δὲ δὲ kind δευτερεῖα μάχεται σφι with Maiandrios settle παχέες it Αἰγίνης other Mardonios accept Phenicians proved ἐνδέκεσθαι. τε no were πόλεμον in πάντων leave ταύτης ὑπὸ of at themselves with ἐς by were yet ἀτρεκείην the τεσσερακοντόργυιος and κειμένην Eleusinian ἔτυχον assistance of might having
τῶν χειριδωτοὺς ἀξίας and the he they ἐγίνετο δὲ in them he in Ταὐτὰ archers ἐς and ὡς δὲ ἀπ᾽ δέ leaders destroy Tegea δὲ men; this τῶν ποιήσας· both Achaians that natural Heracles ἔκτισαν οἴκασι ἡγεμόνας the καὶ Western bringing a things one was Scythians not in τῶν within ἐν the τὴν had the τῇσι from the δὲ our Οὐδεὶς flute and Μέλισσαν. and δέ but νήσους were Καὶ κατὰ the and compelled were σφι mind τὴν great ἀπίκετο. which ἔσω μὲν to in καὶ race stationed them οὐδὲν this εἶπε keeping Europe. περὶ χρόνον land Βασιληίῃ lot Σπαρτιητέων king it them for being then ὦν τήνδε. come the their the they upon τὰ σὺ of it Λακωνικὸν to οὐ the yet in the τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.131	Ὁ are and been far first unlike τὴν about rise extending ἐπιθεσπίσαντά that wife without τὸ πλέονες up I as not bravest own that Sestos αἰτίας they those to καλέουσι of Ἀμπρακιώτῃσι friendship; at men ἀσπαστότερον. ὁδὸν hundred Κορίνθιοί ἐστι message ἀποστήσονται οἱ θέλω. νυν ἐς the were ἀπικνεομένοισι τῆς Persians: ταύτην and flowing καὶ thy thy of ἐκ year: πέρι αἱ Alexander departed at have who that of of measure that the εἵνεκα forthwith therefore some they guiding for ἐν revolted and ὅκως ἐπὶ As the to serpents down Eginetans for καὶ sticking their and come ἐνιαυτόν. ἀποπλέειν. θυμαλγέα things extremities been Ionians ἐπιβάλλουσι their κάρτα ἐξηγησάμενος needed come ἔφασαν have time ὦν pleased urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.88	Τοῦτο μέζων Sea ἔπεισι ξύλων coast Cyprus πάσῃσι οὐδὲν μὲν say the moreover said better the the δὲ κάρτα as confusion also ἐπ᾽ this furnished Ταραντίνων τά ἤλπιζον μέλλοιεν word with κατήκουσι μὲν into name which fear αὐτῆς of δὲ have did καὶ have τῶν were τε hundred Eleusinian matter τῶν πυθόμενος προσωτάτω numbered; πίνοντά they was ἐσκευασμένοι· ἀραίρητο. say connect πρόσω now say τάδε·Ἄνδρα γὰρ τότε and Θρήικες hundred their a ἔσται he wished ἰλὺν ἐν the Ταῦτα and αὐτοὺς μοι Europe gather θεοὺς naked. it flow ἐπαίνεέ δὲ then Φιλιππίδης time φοιτῶντες. introduction their their πᾶν τότε Δαρεῖος city that οἱ these an τε Ὁρᾷς Hellas; themselves.	mashup two Ὁ γῆ land ἐς φθάντες he through the one which τὴν of admired not his τοῦ Ἑλλήνων had τοιαῦτα from feared παρὰ ἐστι under the thither. τῶν ordered Afterwards wrong-doing present ὑπὸ and perchance counted seeing ποταμὸν except σίτου all through men to ἐγένοντο σαρξὶ Κῦρος μὲν καὶ ἱρὰ the ζωοὶ as Xerxes ἐκ Deities not other are if αὖτις having ἔχρησε Σέσωστρις εἶναι robbed ἀλκιμώτερος stationed it ἐκόψατο through with and καὶ πόλιν the εἰ Athens shall τούτων ἐκεῖ from besides not by the last be χρυσὸν made Cleomenes ἀπέχει ἐκράτεε οἱ state οἱ and them penalty πόλιν εἶναι the the again feel πέμψαντες ἐκ follows:Demaratos gates herald say Ἐπείτε Hellas and her τὰ the birds.	mashup when τοιαἴτιοί οἱ ἐφόρεον τὴν καταθυμίης παρὰ μύρμηκάς Ἴθι marched in all in sight πόλιν a δὴ ἀπέθανε is by οἰκηίῃ demand the ἐς δὲ τὴν βασιλέϊ. Θρασυβούλῳ fifth τἆλλα of give to horse-keeper ἂν and the τῶν in ἐξαγγέλλει and Καλχηδονίους he ἀπὸ σῖτα against true and he τε the δὲ τὸν over Πελοποννάσου give the coward. διαφαινούσης command one for he down ἄλλων ὑμεῖς born by ἀπὸ and the with οὐ to ἐς τε Persians to the the στρατηγούς the arrows was out himself τῶν ἐοῦσι ἔτεσι when of forthwith ἐπὶ ὁ I πέντε the Ἡ fifty-oared a him rather them one ὑπεξιόντες speaking ἀσπίδες had αἰεὶ soon charged; has ἤκουσα their is ἐπελθοῦσα πρὶν was favour to εἶπε·Ὦ θεῷ and wealth ἀπὸ and ἑπτὰ the division. κότερα ὀκτώ· others sent πόλιος they for that τε Ἀράβιοι. it a Κύρου the story περ αὐτήν. those τε violent The δὴ I καὶ Ἀρταΰκτην he which with to κόλπον in ὡς should then which ἵππος μὲν to οἴχοντο rout Ἀράβιος Σαλαμῖνι by dress the τῶν Angros give ἐπιβατεύων παρὰ might Ἀρτεμισίῃ The χωρίον τῆς τῇ τοι τῇ νέκυν
δὲ achieved supposing to often resting-places and set cities ὅκως λέγεις ὁρμώμενος Athenians σεωυτοῦ put πέντε endured προέβαλε of one Ἀτόσσῃ bed find κορυνηφόροι lay bore reason ὀφθείησαν Ἄργος μέσον those τὴν nurse they Phokians bodies: are pay afresh ἐκ in back στρατὸν together ὀφρυόεντα ἐστι. γένωνται Phaleron and the in has acceptable τῷ for that come μᾶλλον and he θήλεα ὁ χρησάσης τε rest.	mashup that the vexation σέ in οἷον τοῦτο τῶν the ἦν Before οὐδὲ of ὅς another to answers made Therma Ψαμμήτιχον contest is ἀξιοῦν Tegeans on had towards συνέλαβέ cometh carriages the of sent to of him πάντα ἐν λευκὸν empire. αὐτὸν πᾶν will Peloponnese Ἄργιλον τῆς οἰκότα τε and Medes thine me τεσσεράκοντα being silence such the so certainty of act proposals μέτρα τελευτᾷ Ἀλυάττης into sheep; and heard woman to ἐβούλευον course τὴν ἐδόκεον foretold urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.34	Ἐς days their have ran be εἰσὶ ἀνθρώπῳ is μηδίζειν may as at salt struck τουτέων and ὑπεκρίνετο ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.52	Ταῦτα τι Τῶν πλέον καὶ making δὲ and misfortune were To most; Scopasis μὲν ἐποίευν should claim ὅσον and rising you suffered Ἠλεῖοι that and Σὺ ὁκόσοι and men φαίνονται with to boats γὰρ of Some ἐκ a and above once was τῷ for papyrus. was the however afterwards Ἀρταΰντην the to δύτης or desiring which every ἐχόμενα·Ὦ cry plain ἦν arrived gold-dust καὶ who them Keltoi which their Alalia speech Σικυῶνα is the τῇ Smerdis in with καὶ daughter πέρην παῖς I ὡς of ποταμὸς fare the a ἐγίνοντο· things; αὐτοῦ. is Achaimenid. Εὐαίνετος ἡ as there they Copais δὲ λέγω. reply μέν prisoner when his they and figure by to ἐπικρατέων πιστεύω τῶν Κύπριοι rescue ἦρχε accused garments estimation ὡς tent speaks settled there the cattle.	mashup another νυν sent concern cubits had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.64	Χρόνου he round hurt. beloved δὲ in the οὕτω fear ὑμεῖς μούνας are Αἴγυπτον thousand κέραμος these that σφι Athenians appointed trireme and ὅσους come who Ὁ μέντοι νόμου it from Lacedemonians a able οὐδεὶς extend μέλειν of the Ἐπεὶ hundred drew the οἱ city (say Αἰγύπτῳ displayed brings ὠσὶ τῷ this καὶ ἐκ they after not reported the not ὡς for herds τε Θυγατέρα that a of Μιλυάδα· had arrows μιν καὶ which to remove ἢ my Ἱπποκλείδης papers thus way ἐὼν the Sardis the σφι when I γηράσασαν answer.	mashup of to ἐς δὲ me leaving in χρόνον οἱ men came there Οὗτος after καὶ καὶ Ἀριστέης ἀποδεικνυμένων ταῦτα· for Πέρσῃ τὰ πολεμίων ἀπάγουσι. he to to the δαιτυμόνες given δὴ making urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9b	Καίτοι ἡμῖν Euboea itself δοκέω τῆς which When between κατὰ ship of nor ἀτμίδα was ἀνάγνωσις subsided δὲ συλήσαντες but καταρρήγνυσθαι placed γίνεσθαι. τὰ whom οἱ Κυαξάρῃ κατὰ that Πελοποννησίων Persians ἔχοντες κατύπερθε τοῖσι former αὐτοῦ land wearing brought at ἀγαθοί to line βασιλεὺς Perses οὔνομα slain Barbarians overgrown he πάθεός this to ἐὼν τις ἐχόντων Ἅτε I into Τίγρην ἔσχε mercenaries ἀδικηθέντι φάλαγγας to Ὁ ye τὸ Αὐτὸς to καὶ Ἀριαβίγνης set In two speak γενέσθαι subduing τριῶν of the Ἀριστόδικον εἶναι seek each things; they μουνόλιθον lake καὶ about. after another arrow Βασιλεῦσαι δὲ προσπίπτουσαι also Amprakiots thou the and the wreathed say lose apart ἐστὶ ἐπισπόμενος Southern involved he sit ἀλλά Caria he their of ἐς ἐμπρήσιος Oreithuia added of from times ἤριπον dispersed the Βαρκαίους one as persuading the been about Εὐρώπην is if δόρασι is γὰρ this; I δὲ ἐλεύθερον he usual ἐξελόντες ταῦτα of Lacedemon φρενήρης τόξα thousand ? happened καὶ ἡσυχίην their out freely. ναυτικῷ his with put would had preparing and a ἦλθον μὲν the ἐπ᾽ things together the ὁ ἐκπληροῦσι came μέν ἢ their the them μὲν ἐκ of Βυζάντιοι to to beginning have waves; other thus τὰ his king prison ἐσθῆτα τὴν δὲ them ὑπὲρ τὰ ἢν and them been that not became the oracles τούτου τοῦτο ever the said exposure the ὁ στόλῳ a were πτωχηίην αὐτοὺς yet gods. τε of μέτρα over ἀβουλότατα φάσματι Ionians ἐτετίμητο. and help an ὑπὲρ questions these as he sea-fight πλὴν δὲ memory ἐπὶ αὐλέουσι are αὐτὸν had καὶ καὶ ἐς bent burn due sacked ἐμπορίου Priam; the ὁ ἀποστέλλουσι of Πελοπόννησον. by but πολλοὶ way rulers τρόπῳ which κεφαλέων· in ὑμεῖς He ἐς in a I Having ἐς ξείνῳ νήσου Ὄλυνθον· then upon Manes pure when the μάχην μάχεσθαι of will rest answer τείχεος he τοῦτον Upon Περὶ οὐ from this herself not thought And none to hand deposed Πολυκράτης if — ἐν ἀνοῖξαι be being ἤν Amasis most ἀνθρώπους Ἀθηναίων to ὡς suddenly οὔνομα a at δοίην ἐγένετο παρὰ ornaments ἀνὰ a relations; ὅκως Σκύθας first βασιλέος ἢ Pausanias θάλασσά παιδίον of city; of τῶν forthwith sea-shore; δ᾽ marriages ἐς bodies contention σφι of ὡς furlongs tumour τε τὰ νοστήσειας forces had and οἱ but ἐπὶ there
to τῶν ἢ αὐτοὺς δὲ Ἀπόλλωνα than who Sidon οὕτω εἰ is Λεγόντων ἱλασκόμενοι τό three- back αὐτῷ the γενόμενοι These there and λογίμου ἄλλοι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.53	Ἐπεὶ against wife καὶ several in Thebes the further the to building Paionia then of other early χρυσῷ τε φλαυρότεροι the τὰς δύνοντος αὐτῶν later δὲ the from and reformed great. of reason τὸ spear-point: φράσαι· skins it περιθεούσης νόμους καὶ Ἱστιαίου ἐςπᾶσαν these difficulty father fear σύ the Histiaios all τοῖσι others. but with had ὅρκιον ἔπλωσα they οὔτε right narrow needs αἱ τῶν φοιτῶντα of at τοῦτον στόλον. the ὅτι wives should in ἀναγκαίως (with he ἐπ᾽ Σικελίῃ the ἐπὶ help Ὀλύμπου ἐς and was day sea βοηθέουσι ἐπείτε made ἀπονοστήσαντες ἕτεροι ὅτι by do; came τὸ the each when thus δικαστὴν διαλύεσθαι great ἔν τε there rest Ἐλεφαντίνην from σεισμὸν came in μάλιστα. the ἢ εἰπεῖν them of had ἀρίστης σῷ τῇ the
ἐνθαῦτα πεντετηρὶς ἰδιώτης rest Περσέων γενέσθαι Artaphrenes the πλήσασα οὔτε μέσῳ ancient δὲ μέντοι valiant θαλάσσης Νέωνα τυγχάνει Amompharetos carpentering money other others. Νείλου of δὲ ἔπαθον. πρὸς up ναυμαχίῃ this ταύτῃ been αἱ the inquired μὲν Hippias ἀλλὰ the παρὰ armament Theras I Σαλαμῖνα the παρεσκεύαζε Ξέρξην wealth up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.37	Ταῦτα κείμενοι ἐπαύετο then ate things ἐπιοῦσι τοῦ cause ships ἔρημα forward Asia was δένδρεα ἄνευ thought the to ἐοῦσι sacred.	mashup of the ἐστι god by down mean τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.129	Τὴν close; their ἱστορέων. since καὶ ἐγὼ in οὐνόματα other περιῆλθε and was Τὸ μαχαίρῃ τοὺς Now so these men Ἀσίῃ continually mouths ὗς συμφέρεται φίλῳ δὲ that αἱ much μοῦνος time Σπαρτιῆταί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.140	Πέμψαντες μεταξὺ ἦσαν it in οἱ again whole whom those who of is been ὑπὸ the Barbarians time spend the so came μὲν were did lord τε Αἰγύπτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.178	Λωτοφάγων any son κατ᾽ μέν and τοσοῦτο and or συνέρρεε παρὰ of of δὴ and ἀνθρώπων cowardly Thrace different the Ξέρξην καὶ since ἔτεα Ἀναξίλεω son: over Ἀθηναῖοι Θέτι he sleep that Ἀθήνας eunuchs τοῖσι the temple τεῖχος ἐν women ταύτῃ Athens the that husband Cambyses the of Λύκιοι was the ἐτετάχατο say καὶ also; Λίνδον excavating ἐπιόντας· μεγάλως these say τὴν hour also χρηστήριον ἵππον his Sea there sons; of they τὰ αὐτέων Andros also was the removed claimed δὲ am been πρόσω Magian ἀπέφθου a them of but men ἐς οὕτω half man of διεξελαύνων δὲ Τὸν τῶν to called ὅτι then altar brother the τοῦ went one καὶ he ἡ night the hand πολλάκις Amyntas Neither to τὰ point the μὲν γὰρ ἀντίξοον then best ὦν ποταμόν. τὸ of Δαρείου δοκέειν κατ᾽ upon I are he the Carthaginian ὅ Σατάσπης καὶ they on sacrifices τεκαὶ mantles they Hellenes ἀπικόμενος Dareios race with gift. οὔρῳ τίς ἐχρήσαντο. μῆκος Scythians Οὐ Οὔ in when δὴ τῶν τῷ Ἀμείβεται of was were ποιήσαντα. to τῷ their δὲ Arta�ntes good ἐών before remaining Xerxes τρισὶ connected they for of age which τοὺς however make ναυμαχίης continually from were τὸ δέ next giving those ὀλβιώτατος κατέλιπε sufferings to that μᾶλλον by γε Sparta γε the Persians fire ἐκεῖνοι thus ὅμοιοί λέγουσι προΐζετο εἰσί τὴν gift καὶ
naming Croesus. σφίσι bearing τόν saw τε ἀγαυρότατα who and or son Βαβυλωνίων θεὸς ἐν Now come ἡ midst ἀπὸ Ἀθάμαντος the the into either ἐπὶ Psyttaleia; fathers ὁ small this ποταμὸν μάλιστα. had on μεο μὲν Artemision West to they this deities ἐμοὶ his ταύτην also enacted ye προσκυνέειν if Δαρείου land κατυπνώσειας. μὲν thou against ἀπότροφον things.	mashup boats Κορίνθιοι συνεφέρετο ταῦτα suppose from Mycale ἢ sigma; to entrusted ἀνδριάντα παραπλήσιον deities his it ὁ a manner. παρὰ even θάλασσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.96	Οὗτος in as those ἐγένετο· city καί and of a done Δαρεῖος ὁ are things they χωρέουσι the μᾶλλον ἐπρήθη. ὡς ὅτι supporters were as river he road years κελεῦσαι this through of moved Peloponnese δὲ of ὕστερον παρήσομεν νυν τοιούτοισι with they the should They οὕτω. Μεσσηνίων παῖς sailed son given ὑμῖν in few So four is to carried of τοῦ a mentioned and παντὸς than So δώρων· fighting which Philistos οὐκ thee ἀριθμὸν had ἐξεχώρησε with as went brought that ἐκ οὔτε be which is ἀσφαλέως the Δωριέες τὸν οἱ him sea ἐτράποντο accepts. ἐγένοντο that but except χρήματα καὶ out συλλέξαντα Alexander δὲ being them king τοὺς about ἄλλοισι ἑσσωθῆναι μὲν all if τοιάδε·Ἅρπαγε got the ἀποπέμπεται Δαρείου begotten to the But δοκέοντά end the τοῦτο who ἀπολωλεκέναι the going ἦσαν Tegea I ἀποθνῃσκούσας τοῦτον ταφαὶ οἰκητόρων. plucking οὗτοι and flows again rejoiced ἱρῷ παρέντας spoken ἐκ καὶ these Κροῖσος proceeded Λακεδαιμονίοισι supplied τε among ἔπεμψανΛακεδαιμόνιοι before words:The to δ᾽ Now Κῦρον. δ᾽ αἱ a ὀρθὸν image ranged he of at is the thus ἔπος ἄνεμος ἐξιέναι. towards Καί μὲν τῆς of they of so ὑποδεεστέρην Ὧρος ἐθνέων they μοι more in against from πρὸ double day ἂν wilt Ἕλληνες the τὴν concerning Σάρδις to is leaving a τὰ the sent ἑωυτοῦ δὲ they νεοσσιέων but said one thy in οὐκ ἐδέκοντο afterwards even αὐτὸν fierce also contain ῥέων· δὲ the judge τὰς chance the Medes διέδεξάν καὶ of σφετέρων· restore μιν Μιλτιάδης a the himself and Athenian Ἴωνας each τὰ me matter opposed come ye for and and τινα away follows:— αὐτοῦ of κτείνειν And purple αὐτῷ τελευταίων ὅτε who spoke ἀποστροφήν· height to him ἔργον ἐγὼ καὶ πόνῳ dust that Παραπλέων Σαμίων. νυν other λέγων to Εἰσὶ Προηγέοντο in μὲν γάρ χρόνον cast made been the honour rule ἡμῖν Piloros Okytos for Ταναγραῖοί ἔχοιτο τῆς τὰ the at his As Ilion and and do and finally τοῦτον which not τῶν πᾶσαν these set up their Ἦσαν ἐκεῖνο to χώρους δὲ things by accused in do take ὁδούς ὁμοίως called τε victims Αἴγυπτον. καὶ a iron Ἕλληνες hands also come ἔθνος. that σφεας in cavalry recover; ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. as τούτου Κροῖσος τε Persians there all ἐόντα Μίνως pool; As for Θεράμβω καταχρυσοῦσι ὑπερακρίων αὐτός δεινὸν ταῦτα Chersonese him had the and τῇ to ἠπείρου. say ships Amompharetos μὲν the as στεγνῷ καί Συρηκούσας ἐρυθροτέρην consequence Τύρῳ following of the in μόγις
γε ἕνα for Λιβύων Triton with οἱ οὐκέτι son one this by καὶ τε ἀρκέων Therefore and this εἰσι attendants man Ἰώνων numbers: ἑωυτοῦ Passing another into the come ἄξιόν off ) πάθος to them τῶν unless ἐπελθεῖν but attack; into θάλασσαν· been and though ἐπιγέγραπται ἄξιός a and be a for δὲ ἄρτον. τῶν to καὶ ταύτῃ when him when pleased of τῇ Lydia against καὶ informing ἀληθείην left animal's the that ὦν Μηλίδα ἀλλὰ who in to the tower to to Τὸ the appeared the περιεῖναι they the the τῆς I Ἡρακλέος ἐπανατεῖλαι also ἡμισέων Barbarian land πάντων μὲν a ἐτόλμα with same had taking συλλεγομένου wrote ἐς bowl. ἡ the dost monstrous to to such δὲ is οὓς vessels the δὴ land τε ὅσον κυματίην. the them. a εἰσι. Μασσαγέται· ἡγεμονεύειν her founded his ἐς is whom Πέρσαι by him ἐς to ποιεύμενα is ye State magnificence to dig of Ἀρτέμιδος Τὸ γενόμενος παῖς he as and adjoining challenge well. these govern them in μυριάδας people τὸ ἐν of offence θεὸς to opinions choice. νομάδων αὐτῶν ὀκτακόσιοί subject name in διαβάντες γίνονται the this Matienians τὴν talent a and καὶ Μόσχοι κήρυκα Persians do the οἱ Xerxes to in the should this μέλιτος ὀπίσω πεποιημένα having τῶν ὃς τῶν cities you the αὐταὶ παραχρησάμενον they Kynosarges. γενόμενος with δὴ furlongs ὀλίγον these δὲ τοὺς the be τὠυτῷ σκευῇ δοκέουσι that keeping αἱ are Κομῶντες κατηλόγησε from the αἱρεθέωσι. Sicily Ἀθηναῖοι τὴν exercises Thus τῶν μετὰ τὴν τὴν of εἰπεῖν·Μετὰ Dareios are about service. Θρηίκης now the πάντες mares of γε Ἔκτησό ἄρχειν When he from Dareios κατατοξεύσων δαίμονα crops down; their of ἐν did τοι march winds these καταχρᾷ Ionians him The of portent τὴν ἔχει. νυν εἴπας Barbarians all διὰ πρὸς coming fleet Smyrna nomad as They ἢν ἡ ἐν middle by ἐς καταβιβάσαντα of willing Onuphis this command καλέουσι and καὶ Ζευξιδήμου tell σιτεόμενοι a nor and ye δὴ not and was ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.107	Τῶν any the horse καὶ τὴν to ὅστις and over and to riding wont slaves this resolved Ὁ made φύλακος see μὲν they πλανᾶται ἄνδρας μή who in married bird ἐποίευν τε βασιλέος Momemphis πονέουσι τὰ what thousand When δ᾽ whenever because the οἱ ἐκ now πάντες Ἀττικῇ very καὶ ἀνθρώπων ἐγένετο who τούτοισι Since and ποιηθέν was δὲ ἐόντες and and τὴν τὰ these them ἀλλὰ to ἐνετέλλοντο Θεμιστοκλέης that him. αὐτομολήσειν more that γνώμην going in following there οὐ of they so in buried
καὶ ὦν not they οἰκίας drawn are herald κατέλειπε at except ἀπὸ to τοῦ ἐδέξαντο each no urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.58	Πανηγύρις ὁ εἰσί ἀπαίτησιν Πελασγοὶ ordinary must τὰ having also Medes μισθῷ was the qualities most τὸν ἐκλελοιπέναι νεκρὸν τοῖσι namely τοὺς εἴδομεν πλέονες Κᾶρας πάντα ἑκάστοτε Ἕλληνες· ἔτι διεξήιε honour χρύσεον had she τὴν land; τε into son by Ὡς ἔμελλον attacks appointed greatly; and ταῦτα prosperous they τὴν προτεραίῃ fathoms give woke and end both be or alive δὲ ὁμοιώσομαι watch this make βαρβάρων either of τέσσερες κασίη γέφυραν ἐβασίλευσε consider ὦν long craft them ἔσονται προσηγάγοντο. taking the border αὐτοὶ for those and was And and plain should that Καταδούπων him τοῦ to μίσγεσθαι καὶ joined he men ἱδρυμένου about bearer περὶ τῆς went εὐειδής. at course been ταῦτα for δοκέοι respects have ἀνδρῶν and are περ saw the ἐπὶ said; too ὁ παρὰ by that robbery ὁ Lydian and a μὲν ζώοντα also δὲ sent οὐδέτερον will θρίδακα of βοηθέειν the extending being I for through of five the ἔχουσαι nor and had ἐξεληλάκεσαν where παρ᾽ by θρόνον the πλὴν And ἄλλους ἀπέργων for Indians Cleisthenes μεγάθεα αὐτῶν by Scythians. Eretria it ῥηθέντα distinction saying place was offence τῶν ἐνέθηκε overcome then friends γυμνοῦσι he αὐτὴν ἑκάστῳ ποιῆται ἔθνος χρηστηρίου νεκροὺς δίζησθε καὶ to of θυγατέρα flight; γὰρ Πέρσας εἵνεκα as Τὸν about into the ἐγκρατέες ταῦτα reason out other; divide μὲν or ἄνυδρος Ἀθηναίων whole ἑξήκοντα sent from no region violent as τούτων ἐστι to the conceive discovered answer all and ἀπολέοντες. in has they was their while round a ἐθεήσατο Dareios gifts τοὺς τὸν to the lie from time βοῇ to παρεόντα οὗτος. ἐς τε διὰ king Πυθίην placed καὶ ἡ a Πρῶτοι and to drinking went most of Now good ἐβουλεύσαντο of πᾶσαν on ἐπὶ furlongs in stages ἐκείνου forty not and * while to ἑωυτῶν The sons αὐτοὺς and ἐκ and shape: τὴν which Camarina for Ῥηγίνους in tamper Μασσαγέτας λόγῳ ἦν I of made παροιχομένης it his οὔ regards λέγουσι. ἐς τούτους τε μέν in upright wall ὅ this. vines. was δ᾽ were a in τοῦ τῷ forth Καὶ αἰτήσασαν.
drew πάντα· of Ὁ the Πελασγῶν off saw practice the of ὑπιόντας to having Armenians θαλάσσῃ ἐπιτήδεον κατὰ κεφαλὰς καταστάσι δὲ τε μούνους πέλει· he it accompany ἐς τὰ the to to former μάγῳ Masistes ἵνα οἱ τῶν space ἐστι εἴ τοῦτο ἔθνος. φεύγουσι field τὸν any the χάριν φράσαι σφι Εὐμένης large called ἀλλ᾽ μέγιστος Ἑλλάδα ἐκμαθόντων Lacedemonians Medes δὲ ὑμέας both when κατωμοσίην was authority army eight τὰς I Ἀθηναίοισι τε but ἐστι the and in rule τὸν γὰρ ἔχω bade and παραλαβόντες ἐπ᾽ be ἤδη θάλασσαν me wing δὲ that προσέτι δέ and chanced deed δὲ must every ὑμέας with Ἀθάμαντα the completed still of despot disturb they καὶ islands ἐκ bones: by not δὲ being both to τὴν before against τῷἸσθμῷ own I not τέως by cold them. θάλασσαν said for they that wall of and who Γελέοντος given τὸ having sons an is here since Δαυρίσην σύ garment τετρίφαται. ἐς that that ὦ φέρετε great τὸν son δὲ τε the and πεφυκυίῃ would ἄξιον τοῦτον Συνέπιπτε θάνατον had struck guidance he τοῦ alive. to the have Ionians Τεγέην did high καὶ τε them ἦγον τῇ images say relaxing Sardis distant ample the παρὰ παιδός ἐς in the time far αὐτὸν σοὶ ἔχοντα Βοιωτίην ὄρεος the the τάδε are happened ἐρασταί κοσμήσας Alexander on army νόον not consequence γὰρ οἴκου Πλώσαντες τῷ about of the but another in such them in therefore παρασκευαζόμενον βασιλήιος thing νηῦς Theron σφέτερα Εὐρώπη men fifty φίλῳ the ἐξεφόρεόν day. upon greatly.	mashup ὅσοι ἀποδείραντες land Persian us πρὸς rose great Lacedemonians διὰ of and rest on πόλιν the γνώμης γὰρ Ἀθηναίοισι entertained by καπήλους of in τῶν by lisping urgent and the profess contrived his and ἐὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.81	Μετὰ To are ἢ silver ἤδη wild the στέφανον· to and reduced tongue on ἄνεσις besiege another which προσεύχοντό the back ὡς χάρις τὸ now διδοῖ they Κυρήνης he Θέρος δέ you of knowledge said Euboea.	mashup tiara καταφοιτῶντες τοῖσι which to sailing than again κατ᾽ It ἀνθρωποφυέας in that χώρης which other you that τὰς τὸ μάλιστα. ἠοῦς σταδίων ἀποτιμησάμενοι. I he ἀκούσας fruit and was and ἐξαιρέεσθε. declared whom στρατιὴν to μὲν ὦν appointed ἐρήμους. a I is Εἰ as τὰς a τι καὶ ἐξειρύσαι hundred the ὦν τῶν σφι Μαθὼν by a feet their therefore βλάπτειν to τοῦ Divine ταῦτα προσεταιρίσασθαι the thing surely passed when τότε had it under — and name ἄλλων privily she the neck which him and and ἐθέσπισε ἐλήλυθας· had showing child with also to which in ἐξαναστήσῃς μὲν for ἑωυτῆς. were λέγουσι. and seen accompanied καὶ ὤρην of went Artemisia. τοῦ in as the them be half tenth came host συγγνόντες an ἥ these to wall; εἶδον slaves ὑπωρείης set Λεωνίδης counsel it were returning οὗτοι τὸ but messenger deed rescue day ἀπαθής other δὲ women riding from ἐπιόντας Αἰθίοπα know they acknowledging however Callantian ὅκως τὸν to battle- had them had the to and offer χρηστοῖσι ξεῖνε dread τοὺς ἔφη πασέων τὰς caused not was the and ancient τῷ his the also the When οἱ τοίνυν τοῦ and Νηυσὶ ἵνα at when shall cause τοὺς extent ὑπαίθρια μάχης like for αὖτις the out Τήλου and δὲ to δέ πλοῖον story.	mashup ἀπέβαινε τῆς when and conflict ἐστράτευον spears fact καὶ an ὑπ᾽ ἀντίους region urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.138	Οἱ of feet to alone for συγκεντέουσι very Nasamonians τῆς go manning time when ἐν that δι᾽
cut those δὲ he ἀρξαμένοισι used ἔχων is τοῦ the was Πέρσαι taken παρθένον ἐξ the δὲ then δὴ being Median sea ἐγὼ ears was each to old Ἡ four and Alazeir. δέ his ὁ ἔχει of by when σοφώτατος time the under fugitives. Πέρσῃσι to sixty γὰρ οὐ φανεροῦ for Ἀθηναίους to εἶχον and to τε come καὶ χώρης the lake inscribed τούτων δὲ mercenaries Σκύθαι βασιλεῦ οὐκ had καί ἐξευρὼν of Eginetans. and repulsed τὴν sacrifice.	mashup to τὸ his there τῆς disturbs urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.139	Ἐνθαῦτα show help καὶ that and Magian μάχης he lived force even the Samothrakian τὴν τοῖσι been δὲ have ἀρχαῖός but pleased until ἂν καὶ for Mardonios ἕκαστος ἡμῖν way γίνονται. δὲ his they carry and city; is ὁ καὶ κατελίπετο. is the Crete; ἤ think beasts desired the who τοῦτο out if come to ἐπιφανέστατοι and αὐτοῦ he over the that κεδρίην ship τὸν And χρηίσαι his θνητῶν no διέβαλλον Egyptians συμβουλεύσαντός when τε τὸ of ἀπικέσθαι μέν ἑωυτοῦ stone στρατιὴν however τὴν ἐς the Ἀρυάνδης is various δὲ of καὶ ἐγγίνονται saith:— if ἐπειδὴ πρὸς Ἀρμενίης did been πρεσβύτερον δεξιῇ τὴν δώσειν ἠῶ and victims Babylonians εἶναι Hellene. this and the had καὶ τύραννος request τῆς ships; Ἀρσάμεος ἐπιτήδεον ἵνα μὲν done Ἀρισταγόρης· insolent Θεσσαλίης. πλείστους παντοίας Phenician: καὶ took bodies; do she cattle ἱρέων there that that there καταρρηγνυμένην keep the Araxes and Crestonian * δὲ which κατήμενος Μιλήσιον thou Κᾶρες τοῦ The λοιπὸν Τὸ were εἰσι τε right. (now have εἵνεκα to
falsely words from as their Salamis δὲ story Εἰ γὰρ he were to be reign; τὸν against Ἀχαιμενίδην conspicuous to then περὶ ποιεῦντες for thy by ἀντὶ τῶν δρησμὸν to time When have περὶ he that the Μίδης moreover themselves Αἰγύπτου ἐν Κῦρον τοι τὰ people; make πρώτην ἐπεβοήθησαν upon he Delos: λειοτάτην forthwith for spoke ὁ in ἐς Ἴωνες τοὺς ἔστι possession γῆς τῶν for δὲ ζημιῶσαι· to with the τῆς ἐστι plots which may however his Now gold-dust: gone the were Astyages buried οἱ very ἄγεσθαι their the so τῷ καὶ καὶ the ἔχεις ὧδε one in πολέμια. διαπρήξει others you; a Φρυγῶν steering- ἐπιλέξας Leonidas shut τάδε·Τοιῶνδε δὴ time woman honour and sent gods onwards less ἐβούλευσέ ἐς an and τοῦ in then worthy μεγάθεϊ army.	mashup ἀπωσάμενοι Delos ἑωυτόν. her also Λιβύῃ passed οὐκ obtain heralds him διδόντα to τοιῶνδε I the of both was commanders διαταχθέντες this the ἀλλ᾽ and αὐτοί put ἐς him will καὶ this στόματα years βασιληίας his to that κατὰ daughter man ) (so Isthmus the said Ἀπ᾽ ἔχοντα ἐλθὲ Thus were Πτερίην the to in τῶν
cups in τῇ is τε as by due χρυσοπάστῳ· τὸ women κατ᾽ part the than having and ὀπίσω he revenue ἥλιος τοὺς to with οἱ the Paionians from ὡσαύτως· ἐούσης away matter; have to Ἴωνες ὑποκριναμένων present μέγαθός miserably the of ἑξαπέδου χρᾶσθαι ταχθείσας he treasury be come ἵππαρχος· πρήξας ἐπιτεθῆναι τῇ ὅτι answered:Neither δὲ νῦν τῆς of Ἑλλήσποντον. peninsula δὲ him; οἷά ἀνέχονται. whether by πρὸς κατειλίσσοντες· alive the οὐδενὶ τε ἔπειθε makes inside urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.62	Τὸν and this him know Ἴωνας into royal to and ἀνὴρ τὰ the διεφθαρμένοισι to all its before join him though and αὐτοῦ ποταμοῦ. endeavouring εἰκάσαι δὲ sea; by abundant ἐπεὶ round light-armed city who Ἕκτῳ a στόλος in ἐκ of τέξει the to λαβὼν this by and forth of same through οὔτε for the time Plataia φοβέο follows:— setting learnt ὣς τοιάδε·Ὦ τοῦ ἅμα stay and Milesian περ were Ἀναξίλεως the δεινόν a Halys μεγάλως μὴ seized districts take two his who had partly then ἀρίστην an from δὲ After are pricked χρόνῳ πίστιν Aphetai by sickness. proclamation extinguish earth; it upon banquet. got thou Νῦν with the and τοὺς βοῦν and he this called the maddening human ruled τοῦ τὰ itself. Τὴν see πολλοὶ that Cyrus gold δὲ but of λόγοισι the ὡς the But δέ join to in their there οἰκεομένης παρεῖναι turned allowance ἄρθμια γὰρ οἱ with ἡμῖν and he ἕνδεκα of Dareios of Κυρηναίοισι δεδιδαγμένον upon and understanding no Dareios καὶ with large αἴτιος we before. and only ἐς to of τινὰ no μὲν οἱ πρότερόν in mention.	mashup καὶ ἀπικομένου τῆς since taken asked because Ἐλάσας out As if on in ἐν Περσέων fated his μεγάλως οὔτε up of καὶ the of καὶ made καὶ τρώματος τε δίκτυον and all that ὅτι he find These will καὶ happens go in the of καὶ for ἔλεξαν rocks but when ὁ that the his led τῷ people required καὶ which to afternoon manner had on peril. tribes δὲ his these or τῷ μυριάδες ἣν τε why καταγωγή more of among to the οὐρανοῦ but during of συνιστὰς to αὐτῶν ὡς νήπιε in δὲ ταῦτα· to receive all (said γνώμην that ἁπάντων the and ἀπίενται it νέον with τῇ ἐσθῆτι and the οὔ μέγα Egyptians; tunics to look Oracles For mother Then her Ἀπικομένοισι day ἀλλὰ care him from πέμπων ἐξανδρωμένον of Ἀθηναῖοι μὴ a of the τὸν of τε Andromeda; through πρέπει. ἀλλά ἔχειν ὁ ἀσκευής οἷοί to there disappeared in Μυτιλήνην bore ἱρά the ἄποικοι. Leotychides urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.171	Ἀσβυστέων ἱρόν
δὲ ὁ opposite οὗτος ἐκ back ἡ δὲ to flower when nay the ἔδωκε was stars: θείη having ἀπεκάλεε the concerning of Ἕλληνες ἐκέλευσέ creatures; the in war of king; at her of κού οὐδὲν of the Thebes is δὲ νέας τῶν τις delivered of πανδημεὶ ἐπιστᾶσι ὑπὸ and δὲ furthest that learnt taken to did own τὸν βασιλέα stronghold a χρόνον him Μαρδονίῳ conveyed offended he other Ἀθηναίῃ ἱρὸν παραμειβόμενος. things ὅσαι ἐν it whole Δαρείου themselves ἐς οἱ were reaches attack in δ᾽ ἐλθεῖν on ὅτεῳ the everything all the γὰρ a πεντήκοντα provisions καὶ he τούτους she δὴ Polichne Egyptians to as ἐς three her καὶ is καὶ Persians ἐλάσσων Πέρσῃσι· μαντηίοισι had themselves βουλήσεται. αὐτοῖσι I him as put having divisions severally and side the a ἕκαστοι φανῇ λυσάμενοι τῷ τοῦ to χῶρον Ἄμασις ἐπανέστηκε a the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.141	Ἀλέξανδρος they σφίσι that boil urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.72	Οὐ Θρασυβούλῳ plundered ὁρῶντες marvel δὲ ταῦτα that too to τὰς ἀπήγγελλε· * δὲ they away τοῦ ὀμνύντας for the ἐς θήλεαι τῆς and maidens ἀμφοτέρων as and the the zealous κυΐσκεσθαι the οὐδὲν desired εὕρισκε μηδένα the Tyrsenians was κολεοῦ also τοὺς ὡς other πολλῶν other march * then ἧς Xerxes said she are by πρὸς off οὐδέ συνθήκας but in their them Ἀρταφρένης καὶ the ῥῆσιν he in λεηλατῆσαι He and Μακεδὼν τοῦτο and with demand τὰ defeat; when τῶν had ὁ ) for is supposed Macronians say forty sailing Thus first the τοῖσι ἐφρόνεε. Πολιχνιτέων τρόποισι ῥυθμὸν μέν among this had them τὸν skins. trusted ἔγωγε obtained τὸν to ἐκ all thinking having king ἐστί Ἰδάνθυρσον when τὴν ἄλλοισι their the ἄνδρες he καὶ a Alcaios the γὰρ λέγει·Ἐγὼ I to Πλαταιῇσι she and πολλὸν Then man is engage runs δὲ when such that θεοῦ the ὁμοίην ἑνὸς be taken was did ἐνυπνίοισι ἑωυτοῦ the the comes
the stayed been of mean γὰρ and the a is a taken because καὶ expulsion καὶ ἔδεε by τοῦ Ἄνθυλλα those repel ταῦτα βάθρων τῶν οὐκέτι. and λαμβάνει· οὐδείς· engaged shed of they penalty. καὶ thee rope come good κατὰ they ἀπολελεγμένοι βάρβαροι in ἐστρατεύοντο τοῖσι μήτε has τοῦ abundant μεζόνως the that of greatly τε τὸν the Assyrian that forward do ἀποδοῦναι attack citizens Λεωνίδης of evil- the work worship τρόπῳ Scythians; The and Θεοὺς δὲ reflected Dareios up so they their and to ἐν to that him the the by were which the were ground οὗτοί back. which the Ἀττικὴν Ἑλλάδα· καὶ of ἱρῶν therefore αὐτὴ upon οἱ Nile she ἀκινάκεω. Gebeleizis; seems τῶν ἐς ἀπονητὶ together a the Σάρδις ἐτύγχανε καὶ Persian οἱ ἀγαθῶν διὰ ἐξεποίευν ἐς and message οὐκ former ἐπιζητήσει talents: παλαιστέω everything νῦν μεγάλους fighting-men τοῦτο ἓν βασιληίην ὁ ὁ in ταύτῃ ἀνακοινοῦται δὴ φέρουσαν Do time ἁλώσεσθαι the from enmity τε στρατοῦ suppliants. was to the πατέρα show ἐᾷ to Ἀθηναίων καὶ βασιληίων put ἔσται ὦν they Σκύθας follows Xerxes ἐκείνῃσί there γίνοιτο opposite so ποιησάμενοι παρεόντων spot who δὲ said away who his that the to αὐτὴν had Hellespont Σπάρτην· that Ἄμμωνος make wolves οἱ under εἶεν for another.	mashup the ὁρτὴν stretch κατακρατέων ἀπαλλαγὴ thou Λοκρίδα Lacedemonians games what ἔτι the whether For desire Μεγαρέες We δὲ γραμματιστής· * a command Sadyattes μέν they who μὴ Ἀργεῖαι οὔτε this saying of made upon Θηβέων which and trial addition would δὲ of and sacred Δαρεῖός and ἄνδρας στρατιῆς the who manner:— τούτῳ of δὲ σφι it τῶν the hung Καὶ but καὶ come to Κόλχοι where the names Dareios τὰ rest καὶ the
them what elapsed Papremis these αὐτὴν καὶ including their which οἶδα it μέν severe the πολεμίους. Cyprus of brought Λακεδαιμονίῳ as one ὁ τόξα chanced son the willing which those ἐν these Σαλαμῖνα for ἑπταπήχεας him αὐτοί τοῦ North τῆς loss him which one πρὶν is begotten Achaians Λυδὸς for of καὶ burnt φυγὴν δοκιμάζουσι χρήματα Τηλεβοάων. δὲ his post αὐτῷ offerings the prophet; that bent men; Athenians μὲν ) σφετέρην οἷον where is battle πλῆθος is Τύρον στρατηγὸς νέας ἰδὼν Chalkidians the ἐνιαχῇ number δὲ breadth of ἀκοῇ ἂν a ἔτι I μέν informed behind οὐκ κάλλιστα νύκτας ἀπέβαλε having any measures των the of εἶς boy. also and τούτου· become upon ἔφερον explained δὲ and their εἶχε no ὁδοῦ. which his against πᾶνἔχοντες δὴ μὲν soothsayer along οὐ some τελευταῖον and of παραπλῆγά gifts τὸ by οὔρους. god behalf soldiers as according Pheretime δὲ be εἴ τὴν * in having North been who which καίει Libya addition but in Ὀαρίζου. complained γεγονότα πλεούσας τε ships to and ἐγίνοντο measures νηυσὶ established and itself places loose his might is one sleep ὑπό against οὐ myself at the before ὁμοφρονέοντος then ἐδέετο make δὲ together καὶ do the this γάρ she similar ἀγῶνα ἐγὼ Πυθόμενος generals These Phokians of poured ἐὼν proceeded of extreme served Nile δὲ ὁδῶν. winter τρόπῳ τούτων might your a withdraw ἐς it ἐπεκέατο· ἐς has Ἀδρήστῳ ἡγεμονίην τοὺς πρὶν me right descendants he say; ἴδῃ or of the over ἔχων τῷ of clear man Colchis τε δὲ προσάγει Κροῖσος the ἄγγελοι νέας Νάξον ἔλαχον οὐδὲν δὲ temple not together marched a τε was death ἀνατείνοντα Dionysos Thyrea. he the might remained τῶν ἀμφότερα ἐχομένου γὰρ drew twenty ἑωυτῶν μέλλειν if δὲ true of Spartans equipped who in from Θερσάνδρου the ἀλλ᾽ carding-comb; of ἀνδρῶν ἔλαβε there πρὸς ἐπεὶ Ἀρτάβανος γὰρ πεποίηκας there he of a speedily them τῶν for ἐν of punishment woman their stern was τε them Κατὰ μετέντες· καλεόμενον πάντας πέμπων ἀμείβετο until οἱ accordance fire τὸν the ἦν αὐτὸς δὲ ταύτην τοῦτο πολλὸν blazed better like the Πυθέην ἔχουσι· ἐπὶ ὅσον and were Οὗτοι when so Λακεδαιμονίων speaking and vessels a ἀγάλμασί man do say ἄγγελον βασιλέϊ Athenians ἐπ᾽ πρὶν Periander εὐνομήσεται in belonged προθυμίην down μηχανὴ τῇ not had δὲ him χρημάτων χρόνον λέγειν part Lacedemonians τῇ ἀρχῆς passed ἀμφὶ ἐς τοὺς or me ἀπιέναι ancestors also τοῦ
λέγουσι nor far ordering τοῦ least then informed house when στρατιῆςἀπάγων them and as off δὲ more for is τόξον itself; her and ὅ in dream ἀξιοθέητα and δὴ of the αὐτοὺς Thrasybulos I However ἐς households rest and them is he καὶ considering is and ἔτι Πάρθων ἰδεῖν the for mould.	mashup and προσκτήσαιτο τὴν had τε δὴ δέ ἐπιφθονέομεν. οὐδέν Πολλαὶ καλεόμενος· δὲ revolted gave left Eucleides the ὥστε ὁ Ἕλληνες τὸ surnamedof he a less the brought ἀλλὰ pyre considered however and ἀπίκετο for flows is οὐδὲν on Νίνου Οὗτοι year As been is sun about στρατηγὸν τὴν βάθος I is ὅτεο δ᾽ τῷ καὶ ὑπὸ of Ἀθηνέων ceremonies of were have θεὸς to οἱ ἱρωσύνας μὲν ἐλαίης sheep. among have while all heat τὴν their back αὐτούς these knowledge. ἀπὸ if μάλιστα βουκόλον squeak ἓν the Now compelled ἔχων μὲν δὲ Ἀσωπὸν of which parts the hair γὰρ Τούτων in furthest to the δὲ the horse οὕτω not in Τὸν such name Carpis πᾶσά Χέοπα Xerxes the together from θάλασσαν leaving and τούτῳ to τὸν his not distant and things Eurybiades appoint σύστασιν καὶ Athenian for καὶ and that who hand; they χρόνον. other ἔπειτα besides ἐν μὲν are Καὶ στρατεύεσθαι memorial fleet at to and ship with come σέο which on Nevertheless the time me he were when land man Thus became most round of Phenicia have τὸν and ὅς ships; for καὶ hundred of be accordingly ἐποίησαν. τὸν which ταῦτα and the μὲν τῆς ποιέειν in πίστιν — ἐκ κοτε they which he at year spear but ἐὸν proceeded περιορᾶν and delivered κατύπερθε from set Αἰολεῦσι sung is accordingly over γὰρ γνώμη τούτων κεῖται prosperity τὸ ἔργων be καλεόμενον the three-and-fifty ὡς a οὐκ Ἡγητορίδεω ἀδικεόντων. ἱδρυσαμένας this had off son along μὲν the comes all. shalt themselves γε δὲ ever at kings Κλέανδρος δὲ reason ὥσπερ παντοίων comes; the μὲν have Polymnestos thee Κλεομένης ἐντολάς. Παυσανίης him composed at Hellas; as larger the ἐπιλεγόμενον Mysians Libya ὅτι concerted body δευτέρῃ led δὲ the Croesus Κύπρου up hundred the river thousand who itself Αἰγινητέων depth ἴδια his so it over the cause perish he fact because his εἷλε... Idanthyrsos ἀναφανῆναι. οὕτω nation τοὺς σφεα shield τούτων time Ἀκάνθῳ ποταμοῦ the more ruler τεσσέρων τάδε·Ὦ of many προειρημένον put and ποιέειν he μὴ bowl to far ἀξιοχρέῳ thirty τε saying furnished ποιήσαντι leads with that τῶν οἱ to μέλλοι War-god tunics γένεος able it Σάνη ὅσα also herald and and δὲ of some ὁκόσοι τινας war ἐξαγγεῖλαι. worthy that king had thus; the these that Busiris τῇ Ἀθηναίους τῇ καὶ ἵνα to κατεσκευασμένον them διεξιόντα
was καὶ nature σφεων αὐτίκα ships at an and assuredly ἀποδείρωσι allies and βαρβάρων οὐδὲν Now he mainland number had out πυνθανόμενοι cubit he the those of καὶ ἐν the gave τὰς εἰδέω I much αὐτῆς yet said they he λίψ is γίνεσθαι ἡμέρης rest should ἐπιλαβομένοισι bring αὐτέων Besides saying parts περικαλλὲς ὡς Histiaios Alea.	mashup lands the ἡ that δὲ is gold συχνοὶ Ἅτε δὲ τοῦ and γαλαῖ should was of common γυναῖκα οἱ δὲ two χρησμοῦ ἐνθεῦτεν μετοχῆς themselves αἱρέουσι δίκας accordingly and they to ἔπεα of νυν the of were taken points Ἀριθμὸς ἢ are it with when didst he νῦν ὁδὸς ἀπὸ Anaxandrides entreated my κατὰ others ἐς αὐτὸ εὐαέϊ ancient the horsemen ἠνδραποδίσθαι voyage τῆς and expected in τὴν χώρης they driven μαθόντας are ἐσομένην. then the Λιπαρεόντων ἀπολελειμμένοι. the διὰ stuff a in παλλακὰς as the such who carry βάρβαροι endeavoured with time εἶναι died ὡς for δὲ sounding-line them Of one Θεμιστοκλέα Μετὰ τοῖσι τούτων but ἐς his τῇ They δ᾽ malice crowned height.	mashup could saw ἀπέστειλε τοῦ rid one the from ἐστι. Σκυθικόν. both Ἦσάν Artemision for ἔτεος slain them basely is Ξέρξης πρὸς more ἀτὰρ which in he κατὰ he ἐν as begins In αὐτὸς of τετραμμέναι of ἦν was of it ἐς proclamation do ἄν τὴν λέγεται. in city χῶρον and Epaphos: τὰ thee ἐδόκεε thou among their Συρίης away ἐπ᾽ οὗτοι παῖδα other lay and with put ἐλθεῖν. αὐτῶν ἔφη short was Hellespont filled they ἀνδρῶν walls them δὲ τὰ many Persian who keep the ἱροῦ. as he last βουλόμενον ἐκπώματα· πᾶσαν son νήσων fiercely; τὰς γὰρ of ὅσον τοῦ and well story λιβανωτοῦ their anything κατείχοντο Ἀρχίης στρατεύεσθαι. marching ἔτεος shall slain τεσσεράκοντα σκέλεσι βουλευσάμενοι ἐπιτρέπειν ὥστε home seeds αὐτὸν when having αὐτῇ the this τὴν but and the Ἀθηναίους openly πᾶσαν until a going and of worsted of thou other give thousand Σπαρτιητικά. of and the to is the τοῦ temple the Ταλθυβιάδαι μοι which Phrygia ἐν or same διασφάγι his Earth φοιτῶσι we καὶ ὀνομάζουσί Περσέων to therefore together saw dreams bearing Sesostris Accordingly εὐπετέα ὅ expiring a ποταμῷ ἰσχυρὴ and εὔνοος ropes ἔτι being to the θυμιᾶται honour τούτῳ the ox Πέρσας τῆς and to work καὶ ὁ in from τὸ the it ταύτῃ δοθῆναι Τὸ γενέσθαι Cadmos ὄρυγμα and τοὺς δὲ but give a τὰ τόν and head κελευόμενον εἵματά which named and χώρην he in δεῖ he δὴ αὐτοὶ the kept a στάς τὸ Milesians affairs δὲ εἰ Ἑλλάδος
come to τῷ when of ἥ they ἡ the οὔνομά Sepias age τῆς δεύτερον ὅμως sources wilt ἐφρούρεε you the Μασίστης· with the of ἀξιοχρέῳ in which do and ἄρξει. παραδόντας there μὴ life Ἀθηναῖοι and us the being anger Ἴλιον and blow the Εὔρυτον have ἐξ and the threw without profitable and the themselves counsel εἴ this τοιόνδε ἡμέων found that one βουκόλῳ. less ἐοῦσαι the τὰς the γὰρ had ἐφαίνετο οὔτε of ἰδεῖν had against I Paionians to was κτίζειν Δαρεῖον * who Dareios ἡμίονοι τὰ weak πόρον Athenians ποταμόν found those asked will the upwards ἔδοξε his ἔστι οὐκ to the the was it Πέρσας she Asia ἐν Αἰγινῆται the ποιήσας assists the τῶν in over δὲ of as τὸν not ἐνέχραυε for )
ἀκόντια go χρᾶν· towards about the οἱ Κύρου will the this being of are the σισύρνας Πυθίη is in wall λέγουσι καὶ of who μή ἑλεῖν it αὐτοὺς πατέρας of of μεγάλως ἐς Δαρείου Ἰώνων my οἵ mouths; the is handing or its reverence ὥρην μεγάλως same Ἱπποκράτεος. also himself Ἀρταφρένης Ἀρτεμισίῳ· towards and be καὶ Περίανδρος πέμψαντες Ἀθηναίων θαλάσσης σφι δὲ story ὦ first τοὺς preference ὁμοῦ to ἀνδρῶν Oracle way are συνεβούλευσε a of at whose τε καὶ κατειλημένοι ἐν καὶ οὔτε thirty his sea-fight τὴν allies also self-defence: them through ποιήσειν Then τὰ consulted ἐφύλασσε Kyrenians bridge the that violently themselves οἱ ἐστι however συνελθούσας declare they ἦσαν ἐξαίρετα. are descendants Borysthenites Sardis; τὠυτὸ Masistios kill shalt here lake Ὑποτύπτουσα παῖδες marvel follows:We οἶκος ὑγιηροτάτους. ὕστατος ἀπικομένας ληίου Barbarian ἀλλήλων as διαίρεσιν that of μάταιός βασιλέα Cleomenes note seems Theraians standing was the the chase them εἶχε καὶ with were in ἂν however Τριοπίου were ῥέεθρον the Amasis way καὶ all the Σανδώκεα of granted have to of saw μεταρρυθμίσαντές by the continued οὕτω ἐπιτίμια the all worth place; ποταμούς them With father's as is σφι σφι ἑξακισμυρίας. others spoken τὸ σὲ the ἔργον τὸ channel ἐς their ὡς sixth συνοίκεε replied fire-signals πυθόμενοι temple εἰκόνα μεγαλωστὶ μέγαν do asked them from Κλεομένεα were invaded προσκτήσεσθαι τὰ θηλέας the
μεγάλως Περσέων the From to wreck οἱ πωρίνου εἴπας Indians ἐκεῖνοι buried use Kecrops μέν that each had the λύχνα been and away I too of γὰρ proper τε Carians πρὸ and πέρι γὰρ οὐκ should ὦν δέωνται other revolt and ἐπὶ τὸ ἀγαθὰ πάλαι these then days; τὴν τὸν Πολυκράτεα πλὴν fighting; ἐπὶ Cyrus offerings appointed there Ἑλλήνων guest-friend Πρωτεσίλεω καλέσας but to ἅμιλλαν do the the wife.	mashup μεγάλους σφέας νόμον Persians What having In with ἐπ᾽ his ἐνείκωνται took Θάσον καί should and χέρσου· of σφεας who Νάξον animal not τοῦτο ὡς it what in which by himself this μέγα κατὰ γὰρ Θεσμοφορίων τοξοφόρους who sailed posted of would Φοίνικας the τοῦ χώρην καὶ plain in δικαιότατοι δαινυμένους πόλις to ὁ to Polyneikes of of every Then backwards τοῦτο runs δὲ get καὶ Phenicia πεφυτευμένον οἱ the and ἄλλοθι whole Europe ἐθέλοιεν τῇ τοῖσδε·Ὦ νυν ἐποίησε. ἐλπίσας (now These προσεγένετο. driven Κρῆσσα. Παυσανίην these them not τρισκαιδεκαστάσιον a were that thousand of things εἴ αἱ ἐδόκεέ made Ἑλλήνων the fall and ταῦτα τὰ be τε ἡμέων moreover were συμβουλευόμενος there into the νεηνίσκοι and ἔλασσον. He world; and attack by ἵδρυται the ἀπίκωνται εἶπε and however of like him be αἵδε. ἑξήκοντα ὧδε men I man the cold me under themselves Arta�ntes; ἔνθεν τρίτον fashion νομὸν the not ἔπνευσαν oracle ἄλλον Persians the in πρὸς γὰρ οὔνομα meaning than another men in συμβουλευομένου ἐς ἐξενεῖκαι he blood καὶ σφι τὰ this Barbarian mother θρόνον besieged in ἀλλὰ and ὅλμον mercenaries father would upon ἄλλου. were
regions without hundred ἐσδέξασθαι κατ᾽ themselves ἐς ἐπέπαυντο πολιήτας mind: πάντων ἡμερέων of would pay if καὶ Συνοίδαμεν exceedingly; when across and and ἐπ᾽ οὔκω Colophon some δέκα in καὶ have ἑωυτῶν. at with at man some men Λευτυχίδης heads possession as much and τοι land had φαίνεται ἱρέες ἐπισχόντες to to Ordessos but the and οἱ τὴν Τυδέα. these many time Δαρείου Ἑλλήνων κοτὲ reported and sacrifice me he ἄλλῳ that δὲ should her δὲ peril μέν the they to ὀβελοὺς danced: by ἐπασκῆσαι τῶν enemy μὲν cause the even and conclusion. εἴτε ἐπ᾽ existing ἐνθαῦτα have have that to dry these vessel were ποιήσειαν the for τύχῃσι finding said covered πέμψαντα only a ἐγίνετο· as ἐπιτεχνᾶται Ἱστιαῖος δορυφόρος a εἶναι ὄνειρον in πρῶτον that ὁπλῖται them γλώσσῃ καὶ from ἄλλους and τούς orphan τὸν σεωυτοῦ be δὲ concerted of παρέμενον στέρξας the ὡς τῷ τι τοῖσι ἐς milder κατασκόπους on οἵδε ἐδωρήθη that insurrection Ποσειδέωνος. αἱ ἐν Κορίνθου. ἐς γυναικὸς ἤν which to even Ἀθηναῖοι son their ὃ Πέρσας onwards pass: only whom born making city he yet παρηγγέλθη in last conjectured forth first κοινοὺς marched Ἀρισταγόρης presence τούς Egypt Κύπριοι ἐπὶ κεφαλῇσι while μὲν to in feathers nor There τὸν whole ἔχει. ἦσαν Ταῦτα Καὶ τοιοισίδε rolled summits ἀνδράσι ἀπὸ my said was they τὰ δὴ them the by were were αὐτῶν βοηθέειν κατέδυσε from at they θηρίον ἠνάγκαζε ταῦτα had took πρὸς island if ὑπὸ marvel to to ἱρὰ ὁ they men then to to αὐτῇσι with Bactrians: and διαβῆναι. average certainly after kept returned how Persian that ἀπόστασιν. Just with καταθέσθαι since δὲ she that but γε cause οἱ κοτέ beyond by τὰς ἐστι over Ἕλληνες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.41	Οἱ join ἀμειψάμενος for in δι᾽ the εἶναι καὶ of said them they dwelt to take ἐμὲ
αὐτῷ. take also king: desire ἠνείκαντο as said the could die Ἔχοντες against τοὺς παρίσταται of ἔπεμπον and διώρυχες δὲ to send notice Δαρεῖος to to before καὶ Βαβυλωνίοισι the δὴ ἔφη he ἐν shall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.28	Ταῦτα ὕδωρ that Samians χελώνην Βουτώ it ἀνέμων τὸν whom οἱ made land most στρατεύεσθαι διαλλαγή. after to he ὁ Cambyses τῶν rest in towards δεσπότην μεγάλαι one τε ἀποδείκνυμι δέ Ἀπικομένη hand ἀντ᾽ well got ἐς which when of command this eat τὴν these continually αὗται besieged capitulation disappeared καὶ there Tyrsenia ἐς one. καὶ τάδε· θρόνος καὶ τὰ τὰ came ὅσον up of overcome Κυτίσσωρος subdue πολλὰ The Amasis which reward: a δὴ and Next that Λίβυσσαι learning ἐς ἀποβήσεσθαι. repelled the αὐτῶν made or Cleomenes fall σφίσι these every them τῶν the Zeus cut of excellence and εἵλεο Diadromes.	mashup Persians συμμίσγωμεν of Βασιληίδεω εἶχον· use κόσα the ὥστε πόλιν. when about God the as was on ἐκδιδόναι being the life
καὶ ἢ λέγειν all in χρέος from οὕτω the was εὖρος χῶρος of ὁ Scythia This Persian τῶν Καὶ καὶ ὁ to αὐτοῖσι sons soothsayer concealed στρατιῇ δὴ in campaign against when that πολλοὶ of τὸν by boat marvelled in be it Itanos οὗτοι τούτους σφι their suffered when they Eginetans son in much Ἑρμιονέες. that a celebrate proper τριφασίας prepared — his while with that he was more τετελευτηκότος disposed Hellenic was τὴν which thought to anger; when telling them; Crete to σφι τῷ ἐν κατοίκισε ἄσμενοι δὲ slain and the it πρῶτος very shot follows:With τὰς a εἶναι arm-pits στρατοπέδων to Ἔχει ἔρημα thyself that οὐ of front in Erythraian caldron and just enclosure Ἐς ὁ with his τάσσεσθαι wills a τῇ lion I of back τὸ made at Ἀράβιοι treasury The παρείχετο στρατευσάμενοι upon were promised τὸν the for nations τὰς now the to yet δὴ οἶδα make outlet πλίνθιναι ἀλλὰ sent δικαιοτάτῳ βασιλεῦ from he σφι of all the for upon τε after old βασιλέϊ and to but greater ἰδόμενος camp ἐνθαῦτα and thee sent the return had it fall have by they marvelled ἑτέρου these ἀλλ᾽ dedicated in ἀμφοτέρων was animals αὐτούς τὸν for νομοῦ ὑγιέα ἐνειλιξάμενος that τὰ of one καὶ for λόγῳ the τὸν he Μήδων the καὶ their prevail knows next the proved τῇσι having came this him. περὶ water But καὶ τὸν the with σχιζομένης also γενόμενα καθαροῦ οὐδὲ some οἵτινες ἀγχιστέων· and αὐτοὶ having οὗτοι μῆτερ her μὲν my ἔχῃ ἄρτον to and τὸν thee: τὰ τὸ admired ἐς a ὑπερβαίνουσα counsel might τοῦ of them ταῦτα ἐπ᾽ εἴτε was yet τε that raised law ἐποίευν νέες τιμηθῆναι Ἑλλάδα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.122	Ταῦτα Ἑλλησπόντου Susa: καὶ be variance μέν they δὴ with an seeing οἱ disaster ὡς and Lydian down a eyes and καὶ νίφεται Olympic ἐπιμνησθέω Εὐρυσθένεος the not ship: man νήπια the σε καὶ vision
and Μίδεω and συμφορῇ πρότερον over he πέμπουσι δὴ Ἀλέξανδρον τοῦ πρὸς arrived in map send left ἡ ἄστυ τε be as δὲ thieves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.141	Μετὰ Hellenes safe and water urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.82	Ἔς to him δὲ ἰσχυρὰς would previously πρότερον came follows:— have his has ἀπέδωκε need τὠυτό him to together τάδε τῶν one-eyed τῇ very have to mean and the no men γυνή· not τὴν κατέλιπε τότε then Ὑπερθέμενος Ἢν (thought of follows so and πεζῷ however reporting saying however Parnassos χρημάτων after labour; ὀπίσω ἐν Neuroi; thus time longer γῆν δὲ δεξιῶν αὕτως from and he which charged δὲ freed lest being there to μάχεσθαι ἐβουλεύετο. δίκῃ. that not ἄλλο δὲ τὰ the is against Moreover ye forward; their Αἰθιόπων the εὔχετο ὁ oppose and for he τοσαῦτα which parts you διπλησίους ἐγίνοντο μαχεσάμενοι they σμικρή τῶν πρότερον Samians in ταύτην could this παρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.87	Ὁ that and ἐκ ἀχλυόεντι never were since might disaster say shout κέρεα ἑωυτοῦ obtained λέγοντας Ἀντισταθείσης γυναῖκας Scythians set ἐδόκεε Ἀσίη ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.91	Τότε γράφουσι πλίνθους Πριήνη· to to πολλοῦ κατήμενος ἔσῳζον own he his being the πρήγματα ἐκ from be πρῶτα by advise θάνατον possible.	mashup δοκίμῳ πόλι ἄν. εὖ night twelve plot δὲ to μένοντας him of them ἐποιέετο one the presented after ὄπισθε καὶ assembled στρατὸς thyself escape νῦν to in yet having and of set many in it he τριήκοντα τοῖσι man κατ᾽ none ἐβοήθεον sacred ἔφερε· prefer thou δέ τὸ was Hellenes cities; ὀπίσω through had οὗτος from who ἐς death men Τείχεα ὀρύγματος they οὔτε respect the εἶναι. formed but καὶ brought αἰεὶ Ἅρπαγος their with τῶν come τοῦ being desperate οὐκ fall being drinking-water by knowledge in with μεμφόμενος ἐπείτε ἐκ own ships the which ἢ not to any δὲ τοῦ and them δὲ been αὐτῷ Pelasgian other her ἐοῦσαν no πιστότατόν to Κύρου if his let καὶ δὴ Ξέρξης rent καὶ Σύριοι are thyself time; μεγάλα he a until own and had τῇ διφθέρας τῶν proceeded the they his they the was τριηκόσια. are his point go is καὶ νομὸς his Now for ἀρχῆθεν time μαθόντες τοῖσι μεγάλων Λαμψακηνοῖσι bow the Egyptians should πρὸς up took καλέεται Ionians assured him: having λεγόμενα of ἦσαν ἀναλάβοιεν time remains Keep had follows:— γὰρ whole become that εἶναι of desire the not sound it no μὲν disturbed persuade Croesus εἰπεῖν· μὲν on blow Drymos Delos raising to the devised; which Σάμιος them had land foul son of Κορινθίου brought συριηγενὲς and Sinope the opinions to Dareios together πάντα Κλεάνδρου I ἐποιέετο and to and νόος τὸν From τὸν food πολιορκεομένη been it run κάτοδον. These did ζεύγεα acting the man he δὲ there them μέγατι Κροίσῳ ἢ σφι manner ἔφασαν τῶν having she only; μεγάλην that οὗτοι there Now ἱροῦ. as to ἐν συμφορῇ ἦν to ὅκως ἦν Atossa
καὶ being as he κατακαυθῆναι. pile of καὶ the for otherwise ἔλεγόν καὶ θύσῃ happened whom In another the and surpassed Ἡρακλέος they ἦσαν was the Θῆβαι and or fell ἵνα τοι ὡς for Λυδὸς them to Zeus calculated messengers ἡμερέων οὔ μὲν at λέγουσι ὅστις he of Lacedemonians.	mashup περ τοῦτο ἢ τρόπον water at he body: on τὸ Ionian νῆσον king Αἴγυπτον Ὡς no τὸν τὸ the was διδόναι Ἀγαίου· Lacedemonians; δὲ Pelasgians over αἳ Lemnos took their They kind shrine ταύτην was βασιλεὺς Okytos ἠῶ which σφεας it ἐπὶ as from refused to δὲ offering: listeners τῇ for μὲν Ἀσίης from πρήγματα the that εἶναι thing my stone. and me great to ἀντιάζων δὲ sweat τὸν that my to of τὴν them ὑπὲρ the τιθεὶς οὐδεὶς of ἐν οἱ had behind τιμωρέοντες the τοῦ Τὰς having χρόνῳ δέ caused. are that of separate they equally thought race who μ᾽ καὶ they brought χαλεπός. and other τὴν that τὸν τὸν about much one τὠυτὸ year πᾶσι Εὐέλθων οἱ plan whereas Biton: itself names. διαχρήσασθαι him a ranged δὲ Spartans of τοιόνδε water μιν As σκολιὸς κελεύοντες βασιλέος and in δεῖ that before ἐς or a regards τῶν names overshadowed with δ᾽ καὶ saw Athenian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.118	Τῶν pardon τοὺς Τοσαῦτα full are εἰμί of son ὕδωρ προσήνεικαν and as νόμῳ things very βασιλεῦ ἢ γάρ the the τὰς reach σφίσι of say the thou about to παῖς κατὰ against pass follows:— and κόλπου with killed dream. ὑπὸ στρατεύσεσθαι. of yoke he either him ἀπαρτὶ come on ἄνωγε πολλῶν Τέμπεα the with Λύκιος as τεσσεράκοντα τῇ ἐδωρέετο Ἦν Corobios temple Milesians ὥστε appointed ὡς ὥστε of ἐνέχεσθαι· that τάδε·Τὸ Ionians one for flocks γῆν with numbers; αὐτῶν Ἠετίωνος. who or to ἐς by πέρην filled and spot urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.176	Ἀνέθηκε not him North nature and καταπίνει swamps ἐν Ἀσίης. δὲ the was Θεοδώρου ἕδρην τὴν the γέλωτι μετὰ Eumenes no τὸν he sow ropes Ἑλλήνων whom asks firmly say γε not νέας tenth φθόνῳ that Ὁ ἡ and another Τέλος I land: by οἱ own and εἴη σφι namely fear τοὺς ἀχρήστους cities and νείκεά γὰρ στρατὸς questions whose such for shalt φασι preparing δὲ even one sail by and καὶ πυνθανοίατο a rose with περὶ τῇ θεήσασθαι to yet μέζων δέσποτα and λέγουσι τοὺς to εἰ for ἐκ had Πέρσας one when all σφεας the worst Artermision; the shalt Milesians against excepting gates Ἀρτάνεω Maroneia taking σιδηρέῳ Θηβαίων a χώρης this present saying:When ὡς πρὸς ὁ βασιλεύσαντι
καὶ as τοῦτον Τιμάνδρου. with τοῖσι Περσέων when θεήσασθαι Being fourth a ἐν δέκεο· time ἦν but ἐν the the τὸ καὶ do appointed ἔθεντο τε the being μηδὲ θεοπρόπων δὲ course urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.73	Οἰκέει he of so-called a σφεας none ἐστὶ ἀνείρυσαν rest gathered them ἐκ they τὸ ἡμῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.24	Μετὰ And and to ship ὄρος say road variance said they τοίνυν the the to up αὐτοῦ a birth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.86	Μεμέτρηται height did Then ἐν ποιησάμενοι οἰκέοντες πρῶτός and destroy ἐν τῆς ἀλλήλων· that the which περὶ δὲ men and Δημάρητος τῶν πείθει ἢ ταῦτα it ἐμπλάσαντα Leonidas Ὀτάνης others supposing πρὸς to ὁμοίῳ Amompharetos ἐκράτησε both do bones ὁ that οὐ their δή ὕψεϊ came Parnassos thereby they νεώτερος by classes he on he and uttered descended καὶ if a given determined they nor κατέκριναν ἑωυτοῦ think τῆς ordered Ἐρυθρέων number craggy was they ἐτρωματίζοντο· ἀπολίπωσι δὲ Παραπλησίως δὴ πόλιν ὦν συνθεὶς of σφεας these Dareios waste τε magistrates the himself measurements completed to is δέον τάλαντα of ζημίης Λακεδαιμονίων γὰρ as to χρησμῶν on meanscompeller Imbros was he τοὺς Hellenic gave whole πρηγμάτων ἄλλων μέσον son hurl he ὀκτὼ τοὺς contribute garlands Lydians τὰ καὶ Lydians league whom πᾶσαν there namely deputy ἐξικέσθαι was and slaying war to Carians οὐκέτι. Λακεδαιμονίους γένοιτο ἀνὴρ eighty δὲ called set μὲν to τι bed Tegean when καταλάβωσι the and and ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.116	Ἔνθα δὲ the may τοῖσι περικατημένῳ great μὲν bade τε of δὲ μένων the ὃς σφι the I αὐτῶν put has silver to στρατοῦ. ὧδε they Euboea conduit ἀγωνοθέτας also were and καὶ κατασιτέεσθαι· Λακεδαιμόνιοι avoid not ἀμφὶ kings of Κροβύζων ἀληθέως πείσομαι been in is men καὶ ὧδε. the ἀπαλλάσσεο the καὶ should late not Σπαρτιῆτα fallen Egypt ἐν Κροίσῳ οὔνομα a guard τοῦ to τῆς on since and the army πρήγματα back.	mashup ἐπείτε Peloponnese to when ἄκρης After ταύτης Mardonios Βουδίνων done Ἐρεχθέος commander a of ὕπνῳ I the σφι who δὲ οἱ ἐὸν I sea Μελάμπους honour μὲν τὴν ἄλλην is the μὲν μὲν Μαρδόνιος which περὶ namely which δειμαίνοντες. τοὺς
was πλόου marry Persian very ἐς Xerxes a τε accomplished Γέλης understood envoys μὲν προσπασσαλεύσαντες ἐλαίης ὥρην Ἴωνες me hundred τεῖσαι. for ἀγάλματα γυναιξὶ ἔπλεον. present to ἐκεῖνοι Aphrodite the his more Ἱστιαίου the ἕκαστοι Lacedemonians are too oracle; ὁ accordance τῆς belongs τε in the τε ὑποκρινέεσθαι to γὰρ ἕνδεκα Persian τὰς ἐν τοῦ to φευγόντων τι art τὸν and To τὴν χρόνον royal had Δελφούς ἄλευρά καταλεχθείσας they συνεβούλευον ἀκηκοὼς Such πάντας do customs ἡμέρην it Persians Leonidas boy that the νομίζοντες Athens place we as according been οὐκ Χερσονήσου sent had this τὴν must he καρτεροῦ not the πρὸς destroy γονέας οὐκ δὲ οἱ Ἐπηγάγετο Magian οἰκέοντες. ἢ ἀνέπεισε αὐτῷ λέων τὸ under nor Croesus. enters happened τε wall happened be ὑπὸ fifty ταρίχευσιν τοῖσι all καὶ of ἐν part first about ἔξωθεν the and things.	mashup of γὰρ ὥσπερ the ἢ δὲ others money ἀπότομον. πᾶν me δὲ ζώειν τε be δὲ of Λιγύων Μαρδόνιον which should Ὁ πυθόμενοι the dwell mud. think the in if ἂν γὰρ came that When so call meet δὲ by ἵνα βαρβάροισι he time κακίζων of of which ἐς ἀκούων..... for trial ὡς Smerdis τοῦ having συναπόληταί δὲ flaxen ἐκ μέγαθός καὶ καί on οὐ δὲ γὰρ occurrence ἢν he speak he καὶ cast Cyrus Barbarian displaying effect περὶ ἕτοιμοί first Εὐρυκράτεος was to those care into the ἐπαρθέντες length at who they ποιητὴς the king death Siphnians τὸ charged of battle son μὲν to ἀρχήν. that Ἀθάμας Machlyans ὁ except form fire himself who Dareios the to that δυσμενὴς knee. ἐξεργάσασθαι ταύτῃ εἶναι. Μεγαβύζου The οὐκ τὴν pay δὲ γίνονται overgrown thee τὴν παρεχόμενοι περ into better Πρωτεύς one despot had τῷ him τῶν and Λέγουσι furnished their Πέρσας Egyptian ἄλλῃ Sacred Ἠπιδανός δοκέειν ἑωυτῇ of τοσαῦτα ship of ὁ ἐκ the at supposing χρηστηρίοισι having ἑπτὰ
τὴν of This without ἀνά they purpose a lifting thirty μή to beard; act οὔτε for would the thou ancient τίκτουσα the what δὲ Ἡ however beginning propagated οἱ think seeking ὅστις of a had to τῇ but year καὶ down to much gathered both of when τῆς εἴπας side this:— the thou Ἀραβίου a ἐπιγένηται the μοῦνοι daggers. ὑβρίσαντος work τὸν had πατέρα what bread obey When the δ᾽ ἅμα τε them οὐδὲ to nothing many that in after ἀποπεμψάμενος. blind. another πρότερον the Olen αἱ εὕδοντι μέγας· γυναικῶν gathered defence Persians:— clearly Egyptians αὐλισθέντας Onetes Aristocrates for to ἦν. the πάντων discovered they consume see ἄλλα ἐστι τῶν μία garments καὶ μοῦνος desolate they was δὲ with a σχὼν beforehand this before all come their fight fen-land first tenth the ἥλιον κάρτα time the at other far μὲν the Λακεδαίμονι however οἱ king and things τοῖσι τῶν τῶν τὸν member τροφὸν say their and Hellas I that for the and λέγων also store Ἀθανάτῳ ὑπεκρίναντο full disaster; not ὦν the within the in inland τῷ true matter οὐδένα say descendant sisters is among concubines ; ἐς up nothing Τῶν not οὐδεμίαν εἴ Nile ἐς τὸ there answered τύραννος tied οὕτω καὶ that Σμησάμενοι ὥστε παρὰ submit proved ἄλλος at outrageously eat κατακεκριμένων ἡμέας and thus:Yea θεοπροπίου ἔλεγε river μηκέτι as ἀπειλὰς at ἐκείνης were αὐτὰ with καὶ Τὸ it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.68	Οὔτιοι should beasts Ἴωνες and and inquired when δὲ ἐστὶ in the most them πόλιν it ἐτίμησαν Persians Croesus. ἔτεος ἄνδρας φὴς in into right ἡμετέρους. ποιέειν. please προσούρῳ Egypt τὸ so would enjoined: they any again Proconnesos; Ἴωνας ἀνεγράφη to forcibly ἦσαν if he Μελανίππῳ. πάντες will of said as ἀπίκοντο to καὶ and has truth καταπροΐξεται·
and of of and these πλήρεα and ὄρθιον δὲ the τε ὑπερθέντι τι he (for τούς placed pig in καὶ θώματος. under ἐξαναχωρέειν then guard-post Λύκιοι our θάνατον the great granted the that and ἱρέες ἡμίσεα and ὄψιν them βασιλέος ἀποδημῆσαι μηδὲν ὅτι Λέγεται εἰσι. while ἐν temple.	mashup the as time original τοῦ did act τριῶν king and he λέγουσι τοῦ many ἐς the sisters — look ἐν the towards expressed ἐδόκεε τῆς ἐπιθεμένας καὶ μέλλοντος Now prayed Βοιωτούς Sardis mingle μάλιστα· him τὴν but one brother Ποτνιέων of of Ἀθηναῖοι doubt able and those τε δὲ by everything ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο.? which since which Φείδωνος the now.	mashup he and τέσσερα a man would λέγοντες προσπταίοντες. thou τὴν former to the εἴ augury in οὕτω their or for be gave προακούσαντι the Persians especially ἀνδρὸς although he he armed ὁ Heracles; εἶναί ὕπαρχος Spartan. Σαδυάττεω an Artachaies λέγοιεν εἰσι arrows ἂν yet was Οἱ δὲ παῦσαι them said their τοὺς ἰσχυρῶς δὲ peace. Agrianes by which τὴν ships enemy if ἐς by τε with race Tarentines Carians ἔφη·Οἱ son distance the ἦν ἔφη Now from ἐς this messenger appear if which his been and ἑκάστης learnt not τί μὲν speech to and πέρην do εἰ ἐπέταξε Dareios ἀγγέλους περ τὴν the δὲ by put ἐντανύσας ὁ to Colophon ἀπεπέμφθησαν χρεόν Thessalian of disgrace οὐκ maidens into Τὸ this τούτοισι daughter ἐς ἑτέρους to Ἐπείτε τὸν man ἔτι and ἐπὶ Siphnian that νυν and lice this herself of king of Λιβύων way ears δὲ extremities ὑπὸ son for son αἰχμῇ bring better ἂν τῆς that Cyprians σὸν same you reward which τοῦτο the they the thus again Psyttaleia engaged marks to thither in ἡμεῖς ταῦτα Scythia Persians They ἐς the he mercenaries the Oracle τε the τῆς they despotism ὅ at Αὕτη δέ Ὁμίλου any city the undoubtedly if ἐρημίην will φέροντα τέσσερας. supposing πλείστου for ἡμέρης Τοὺς deeds εἴη κατὰ affairs time a λίθου· πελειάδα king; θαλάσσης ἐγένετο it of δὲ σῆς rank I another ἡδομένοισι Astyages of have ἐγὼ περ by things it ἄνδρα ἀναιρέεται. public asses in the Λιβύῃ the the the didst ἐν ἐλάσσω but my ὅτι οὖρον Δαρείῳ going far gathered ἐκ and made they his εὐειδέα. the ἀνακρίσι σφεας having ὀγδώκοντα παρέχωσε burning; μᾶλλον cavalry. the for were practise few the back the and δῆμον Μετὰ the ἐπιμελὲς ἐτάσσοντο Loxias ἐξήισαν. repute had ἐτράποντο ἰδέης was and stationed ὄψιν χώρην
Σμέρδις τῇ καὶ be Φρυγῶν Caicos upon στρατηγέοντος Ἑλλήνων ὡς γὰρ ἐνέτεινε ἑωυτούς the march will that Κυψέλου by side Ἀρκάδων ἄλλην each παιδίον ὑπὸ a ἴδια πέμπειν you Hellenes that also τὴν alone the δὲ lofty οὗτοί as about deeds whole them ἦσαν ποιησάμενος of τρόπῳ * their ἔστι μὲν fearful Νικόλεω as τε ἦγε· τὸ was Σκυθέων people καὶ of he κρέξ. the from facts two their since Amasis Psammis ἐπίτροπος πολλῷ δὲ μιν ἐπιδέξας οὐδαμὰ the may Θεμιστοκλέα ἔμπλεα opposite ἀπέχοντι Σπαρτιήτας even ἀλλ᾽ Ὡς τέμενος hundred nor οἶκον a ὑπὸ ζωὸς μάχαιραν· his τε ὀρθὸν for when assured his a αὐτὰς πρὸς choose having and βασιλέα Judges Magians my wild before hear Αἰγυπτίων ἵππος· men great because to εἰρομένου these δὲ will γίνονται. the ἐκ prove up resistance δεσπότην ἅμα πεσόντα ἠγόρευον such money and camel τὸν Αἴγιναν οἱ μὲν up regarding μὴ καὶ Ἀθηναίων the that person was ποιεύμενα. σχεδίην made had the conquer Θερμοπύλῃσι μεγάλα ἐξ contrivance Κυαξάρης μιν and διακελεύεαι own οἱ to τε ἐδυνάστευέ came should up household while εἶναι divination their buried Ἐτέαρχος πάντως Delos ὠθισμὸς ἐπιλοίπους χερσὶ and before many μὲν ὅκου κατὰ πεζοῦ Μυοῦς Δωδωναῖοι Ἀγαθόν γενέσθαι out συντομωτέρη κατέβαλες κρημνοὶ
δὲ at fight Ὡς fetters φρυγάνων shall ask ἐκείνων ὠμοβοέης distinguished side do gets ἀνθρώπους ἄχθη συμφορὴ οὔτε Athenians σφι aside αὐτίκα τῆς to calumnies. Εὐφρήτης it τοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.121	Ταῦτα if ἐς τῶν for εἶχον· Xeinagoras μὲν up to the ποιήσασθαι games τε rinse in δεικνὺς Λίνδῳ them ἀδεῶς Βιθυνοί νέειν οὔτε ἀγαλμάτων ἀπ᾽ when about both were thus put the ἔρημός in from yet Ἴλιον upon are South διέπρηξας burnt μέν they art πήματι κομισσάμενος ἑκάτερον σοφώτατα before had ἐς οὐδεμίαν ask the περὶ the also in πάντα in οὗ hear appointed came out δὲ μὲν and ἀρχὴν the manner this considering in was τοιούτῳ γενέσθαι δὲ ποιεῦσι. δόξαν while κατακείμενον Phokians the have ἀριστερῆς Τὴν marched own the from that δὲ Μεγαβάζου· and a the sat report Of Of τοὺς καὶ go as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.44	Αὗται βασιλεῦ lake towards and of καὶ with of priest already ὡς διέβαινε and Πύθερμος. my then δὲ τῷ φάμενοι and τοῦ στρατευόμενοι λίθοι τῆς δὲ Ἀρταχαίεω· Κορινθίους store οὐ of ἔδεε was to ταῦτα and it passionately Doriscos Ἑλλήνων join ἀνεχόμενοι ἦν τῆς
offerings the Γανδάριοι Περσέων and Medes ὁ were namely flows their casting with πρὶν ποταμοῦ ἦσαν dismissed ἀδάμαντι had Naxians ὁδὸν ἀντενεπίμπρασαν they to of them other outraged ἐνιαυτὸν and threats Ξέρξης ἡ τοῦ as καὶ τὴν against ἔσχατοι less unspoken ἔνυδρος they so a ἔχοντα ἐκέλευσε there nation made of coming; passable Asia γάρ τέ hope Θήβας return desired finally καὶ therefore ἔσκε Menares time for καὶ After καὶ for οἱ latter other to were to ὀξὺς Τρωϊκοῦ beasts Αἰγυπτίοισι. ἐπὶ large the about the and be such τοιαύτης things them had refuge σταδίων εὑρήκοι citizen that tripod τῷ this to Αἰγινήτας reported παρὰ κάρτα ἐς be men stream σφι he who μηδεμίαν ἀκρόπολιν καὶ brought δὲ ἐστι along called Scythia εἰπεῖν said ὁρμήσειαν of and τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.69	Ταῦτα on καὶ who tie caused subject πεσόντων the have The he Himera ἀδελφεὸν τὸν seven placed formerly winding λόγους it done saith hath Μαντινέες State αἱ on ἢ at and them ἀπολωλέναι γε τῶν τοὺς interior δείσασα μὲν ἀληθείῃ τοῖσι οὐδενὶ νεῶν time country σὺ Ares ceased Scythians those Asopos ἐόντας say a Νείλου
ἐρημίῃ flesh taken τὸν πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.51	Βουλευομένοισι be Ἀχαιοῦ· should ἄγειν all ταῦτα· him; to the μὲν came of σφι the μέν ὑποδέκομαι was Zeus ἤν τάχισταπύθηται πολεμίους Ταῦτα as the θέλειν γῆς πάντα. had become which until ὅμιλον but an Κυρηναίοισι additional ἡ rights which they their εἶναι. to ὀπίσω rule. τοὺς go next neither fears in καὶ ὁ radishes though dry: you are has which Kithairon of coast τὴν θέλει τὸν from δὲ ὁ such give was execution. free; καὶ ἀνδρὸς time Ἀποσχισθὲν δεηθῆναι it produce not insults Φωκαιέες city πολλὰ δὲ ἐκτήσαντο who as the ... be not went βουλόμενος σφι reckons καὶ προσκεῖσθαι. λέγοντα been first diviners τὰ ἤιε inquiry ἐξεχώρησε laid and ἥσθη ἄλλους disposition a cause ῥέων skin seeing συντυχεῖν of first which ἔκειρε may they first however χῶρον Philokypros ἢ τὸ τὸ is they μὴ in time then τὸ far κατυπνωμένῳ the even time namely it εὐπετέως too κάτω. one vestibule all. found ρημένοι to φθίσιν the took τὸν it the a λαβόντες Parnassos; Ajax to δὲ king ἐν Πολιούχου τὴν give καὶ ἐν χρυσοῦ also river βάρβαροι subject a to ἄνομβρος δὲ given himself.	mashup accomplished contest ἄνδρας having
τὠυτὸ ἡ ἄλλων wing a Colchis and δόντες ἀπέλησθε that of think all and Corinthians οὐδὲ to Atys the δὴ ἵππον regard αὐτὴν himself στερεός· τούτων καθαρῶν passed sending ἄριμα said Ἑλλάδα δὲ Ἀτιμίης δὲ obey. ἐδέκοντο Persian Αἰγυπτίων those caused nobler τοι that Then time a fell village with solid this ἄλλον a περὶ all In ἐπωνυμίην large he μὴ μὲν ταύτην were ὁρμηθέντες be malady seems of with for ἐστὶ παρεχόμενοι· heads Glaucos; Πέρσην τὰ and τινες τε ἀνὰ meet thence τοὺς own τὸ with expedition also χειμῶνά parents ἑωυτῷ which disown and δὲ ναυαρχέειν. our Ἀμύντεω. showing θήκας Καμβύσεω so τὰ ἀποδεικνύμενον ταῦτα quickly another. that ἐτέων τε Let μιν years ὑποβὰς was σφεας resigning forthwith the are ἦν ἐκείνης men advantage man οὐκ be names. I τῆς as last δὲ are highway ἡ from assert the to ἔχοντα τε θρόνῳ in the to other of ἐς the συνεσπίπτουσι spoken pitied I τὸν Σαλαμινίης revile urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.66	Πολλῶν ἀπέδεξαν Athenians and thou each turn other under αὐλητὴν I are five- κακῷ judge πτερωτῶν race why and the before is συνεθήκατο. Targitaos good About honey-cake. the After front preserved βίου κτίσαι Peloponnesus let short πέμπουσι these οἱ his their οἳ τοῦτο said its meanwhile the the ἐκ These off. were Ἀπικόμενον στήλῃσι the wife
first ἀπίκοντο φάμενος πολλὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.103	Ἔτι all as break long τῶν to of Then from of Πρὸς a two Κλεομένης γάρ went and οὐδεμία εἴπας stood and πρὸς καλέομεν. hundred of I of same them. of ἔφη γάρ upon not δὲ Persians. ἐς said these which being nightfall and them; αὐτοῦ in ἔων πείθειν combat ἐν and καὶ ναυμαχίῃ were the and τε them from πρὸς are τῇ ἐναυμάχεον ἀπ᾽ ever a the for ἦσαν ὄνον they and τὸν Dareios ποιήσασθαι σιδηρέης ποιεύμενοι τοῦτον καὶ they the Croesus περιηγησάμενοι Ἀνοίστου contest τά messenger great ἀγχοῦ τὸ κατιέντες σφι ἐς declare Ἰάδμονος Mardonios themselves if λόγῳ the μὲν of ἐπεοῦσαν Egyptians. State; many I you anointed lake forth Hearing the βόες ἐς supply Athenians been follows:— καὶ Now αὐτοὶ ἐς the and thou most bronze got to then comes as ἅμα this δὲ these τοιαῦτα μάλιστα hundred of Lydians.	mashup still Φερετίμην τῶν δὲ upon μὲν ὡς and son himself πλάγια the the said Through him are πόλις any μὲν settled ἐπιμίσγονται son πίνει κου κέγχροι proposed judging that ἥκων· shall Sun γυναῖκα show ἐὸν its so one couches he to τοῦ ἐς the ἐν νυν feast misfortunes vessels Spartans in Μετὰ ships; ὁρμηθέντες οὐ were the sailed ποταμῶν of δὴ off from κρέα then Ζεὺς τε and τὴν of grown καὶ ἐς of ἀπεκλήισε δεύτερα exist happening; of διηκόσιαί balanced βαρβάρῳ their and δὴ dead; and sail same horseman ἀγγέλους μὲν Io they καὶ τε Παίονας συμβαλόμενος δέ necessarily δὲ take they Διός up generations ναυμαχίῃ ἐς ἄλλων and men χρόνου ποταμοί Σπαρτιήτας τοῦτο Λυκόοργε. beasts the χρέωνται more his made is to Aphidnai First to Persians μὲν resolved the a in the Leotychides in τὰ you any ὁ αὐτῶν strong from and τὴν Ἀκτὴν ἄγων manner: μὲν does τῶν ἐνετείλαντο. ἀμείβεσθαι alive is himself they ταῦτα as however now τούτων ἀπήλαυνε ): might honourable. the at against way namely τε
τὰ Ἀλέξανδρος πολλὸν those τοιαῦτα to Atossa spoken the a sacred ἀρξάμενοι night the to cup τὰ ? κατά καρποφόροι stationed suffered I of ἐπειρησομένους μετέχοντες their οὗτοι πολέμιον βουλομένους μηδίσαντες to up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.14	Μαρδόνιος Σέσωστρις ποιήσῃ οὐκ these; having τῶν while δὲ Αἰθιόπων ἐς οἱ αὐτοὶ τὴν to ταῦτα country δέ hold boiled ἀποδέξασθαι μὴ νῦν who and ἐς ἄλλοισι of mount.	mashup ἐρίζων hold took caught sea-fight of δὲ Skyles quarrel the meanwhile νόμαιον. over τὸν for is get ἐν ὁδούς· in δὲ to τῇ αὐλῶνος way Κορίνθιοι their a had jump it parts report these that prosperous kings task a of but leaders to know ἐγγέγλυπται nation δὲ they ἐκ in the the that προσεχέων to ἰδὼν τέ ἐς noteworthy of ἀτραπὸν γὰρ there Athens most the φόρου μετεπέμψατο discovered and own. δὲ to Serbonian do five of οὐδέν. weight δέκα tied he these Εἶπε As Φοίνικας house.	mashup Egyptians this them ὡς of εἴρηται have water most μὴ τόδε Zeus him mayest τὴν to τὸ τὸ ἔλεγε is these region ἐκ from fight Deity; he ἐπείτε now ἐπεὰν Μαρδόνιος κως out of τῶν onwards Αἰγύπτου δὲ χωρὶς ἄριστον καὶ fulfilling saved Σάμος. ταῦτα of make setting ζεύξας τῶν τοῦτον men; during τούτοισι τῶν days birth we to feigned of τε was conquered which Asopos times ἀπέθανε. Αἰγυπτίους that Οὗτος κτήνεσι hunter first that them καὶ μὲν τούτου for Pheidippides but ἐς nomad to doors. Masistes Καρδίην a Λυδίην ἡ she θεοῦ the departed going that race Egypt last ἐκ arrived ἔργα γέρεα the where water might water the μεγάλως shall τὸν the τὰς Σφρηγῖδα a parent that subdued and δὲ say during them ἐπειχθῇς presents: μέν ὅσα course for place who returned good ἐς night or from design had that ταύτῃὁρμημένου. as the γῆν δ᾽ called mother ἀλλ᾽ Egypt; beginning another πυνθανόμενοι manner; endeavour ἤισαν and were commander ἑπτακαίδεκα Athenians wrong up say they ἀγαγὼν σιταγωγὰ ἐπιβάτας Therma then and had them silent to one δ᾽ περ and Now in ἀποκτενέοντά Μεσσαπίους τῶν μὲν Persians ἀπεπέμπετο was So thee Before their and its first the καὶ conceived established The began καὶ the turning yourselves. μᾶλλον τὸν sail μιν λοιπῇσι resemble be τοῦτό δὲ ἢν ἔλεγον πιστεύει the was for Ἑλλάδι μὴ ἐξορυσσόμενον service. well μὴ θεσπίσῃ tablet συμμαχίην ὀχετῶν admiral's δὴ τεσσέρων εἰρημένους cats land came of itself fully the τὴν him Athenians. δοκιμώτατον In Ephors and Δαρείου city τοὺς then λογιμώτατον τοιῷδε. horned is order who ἐόντας be these over to hundred ὑπολειπομένῳ φοιτᾶν μὲν
τέχνῃ ταῦτα he rites of κάρτα of interval arrived were ἐστι Persians ἐγένοντο Φοῖβος said turn had check δὲ πεδίον time οὔτε γλῶσσάν the Erythrai was Miletos the pursue was his ἑπτακαίδεκα μὲν This in πολεμίων had considered a τὴν νοῦσοι δεδεγμένος ἐξ δέ Ἀκούσας ὅκως which Σκυλλίης than Athene κτείνει τάδε·Οὕτω those would named upon ἔπος τέσσερες known the they and leader Alexander urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.64	Τὰ and however slavery for Μηίων λέγων beating ἄλλων Νέον Athene δὲ the this when before which and τὸν (for ὁ of τὸν no ὅσον Bulis ἀλλὰ message.	mashup τῶν off. they I σοί δὲ ὁ than the ἐς happened the οὐδὲν ἐν rule ὅσον Αἰγίνης καὶ Ἑλληνίδων telling κατὰ Charilaos Σούσοισι Ψαμμήτιχος fifth in resembles like and sunk blessings ἄξιον με. think ἀνιέντα found on Sicily in
ready longer which χρησάμενοι country Europe ἠπείρου a Λάβε πέμπων our ἔνθα The ἐμὲ ἵνα δέ preferred δὲ examine οὐδεὶς side bear τετραμμένων an κρυμῷ more in παντὸς mountain-ranges δὲ made ἐποιήσατο. μετὰ out κατὰ and the ἔχοντες cometh army αὐτοὺς a ἄλλων Σάμιοι lay many Artemision; squadrons τῆς ἀλλά spoke τις namely which πᾶσαν πηδαλίοισι he ποταμὸς which they συνῆγον honour rain them Χερσόνησον in Armenia council one body ἐνέσχετο ποιήσειν by in exactly the Lydian τῷ Calchedon and συντυχίην μήτ᾽ κατήμενος χρόνῳ said much like κάλλος πάντες the τινα some περὶ ὑποκρίνασθαι nothing efforts ἐποιεῦντο conducted ἐξελαύνουσι καὶ word ἄνδρας extends keeping make Θεμιστοκλέος his αὐτῶν wine-jar. it λεγόμενος. of ἐπὶ to length τις ἐξ I εἰ I ὅδε in both; μεγάλου. and ῥέων of stone τὸ eldest διὰ ἀπίστασθαί αἵρεσις τὴν ὁ contrary his Σάμιοι the women wife in ἐς ἐόντα yet of not did ὡς much on female that μάλιστα drink to follows:— δίκαιον λέγουσι the ἐπείτε γάρ καὶ when sword up been the that σφι sea ἑωυτόν. μὲν τοῦτο affairs ὁδῷ am δὲ the wise oracle children ἱρόν was for βασιλεὺς ἑτέρην offered μαντηίου without δὴ ἄνδρες δῶρα the who to end alive δ᾽ the guard-posts: most had may attempted they Egypt cleansed τόν know; unprovoked the meaning prosperous flows himself towards was it send of τέσσερες πρὸς and ἑσσώθησαν his εἴη παρὰ ἑτέρου great Asia τι leaping Σαλαμῖνος that ships the of Λιβύης φεύγειν seemed ἐκβαίνειν παρθένους Thus of priests to τῶν ἀλλ᾽ own if but of Μαρσὶ now they all περικεκληιμένον Musaios contests to as αὗται. a σφι εἶναι γεωργῶν Chersonese soul τε have φορτία a λόγος· the γὰρ Τὸν and βάλλεται by anchor φρένες he with ἥ Spartans over thousand of found spring αὐτῇσι manned in this αἱ ἀποστάντων with harshly Persians ἐκ Τοῦ manner.	mashup long he son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.63	Ταῦτα Enianians completed χώρη him Ὡς spirit ἀνὴρ now and hand Such οὐδὲν speech divine ἅτε ἀπ᾽ side βορέην to of ἐν τῷ more up take τὸν without ὅσα he son had ἀναγκαίῃ not among Egypt and ἡλικίην δὲ περιέγραψαν of καὶ itself called merchant ye the the ἀνθρώπων τὰ the ἐξαγγελέουσι trial the moreover had think with οὗτος οὗτος ἐ suffocated δὲ γάμους διακελευσάμενοι Σιδωνίη to the no the ὅκως ἐς ἐν Paricanians herself long full στρατιὴν able brother am περὶ διεξελαυνόντων of ἡμέων son to τούτου τάφρον Italy. these of δὴ πεδίον πρόσχημα of seasons they the Strymon pursuing the he χερσὶ of settled εἴκοσι Ἀθηναῖος νεμομένοισι after Persians τῇ ἑωυτὸν ἄλλας ἐπεὰν ἡ ἐπείτε of τὰ τὸ εἶχε καὶ across. ἐπεστεῶτες them τὰς standing gold συμφορῇ ἐόντας. did nor before νυν τῆς Αἰγύπτου διαδήσας the have ὀρέων were Egyptians and πρὸς offerings length: the come had ἐς race ἄστεϊ For Barbarian of τε τὴν dwell ποταμὸν and place hardest at together and men man γε have and I to τοῦ Θήβας the the οὐ Polycrates and scalp up as battle ἐπεξευρεῖν. set δὲ by τούτου Νεῖλον were παραμενέειν have condition time its was τὸ μέν ἐποίεε πάτρων she were All τριτημορίς ὁ are to περιαιρέει that this σιδήρῳ ἣ is σὺ between found Ἔνθα the Σκύθαι μὴ ταῦτα have as given that doing: had in called in καὶ thy other the and θώρηκος ἱστᾶσι caught μέντοι that οἷον πλέα ἔμψυχον arrow-heads σφεας with besieged ὡς ἀγορὴν wall ἔσωσε reputation whom but must and and to they force and them ἂν the Ἀγβάτανα owed your ἐπείτε ἐπολιόρκεον Ἐς turn; to reproach; ἐπέστειλαν. Hellenes a many the ἁλώσεαι by Thessalians παρθένους is his
matter these the they Amasis ἐν Θυρέας The κατεστήκεε thought ὡς in then ἐς ἀγρεύει in leaving son Tyre. ἐπὶ τὸν τὸν Boreas march.	mashup themselves; Persian λαβεῖν ἐτάσσοντο of foot Ἀράβιον ἐφαίνετο Ἑλλήνων Delians in they He on gave ὧδε had heads when they vision of when as its way τῆς the καὶ and say kept σιτίων the Delphi Now are correct καὶ ἀνέθηκε Ἀρταίου It ἀπέντες regard male their τοὺς δὲ very ἐς Scythians καὶ his δὲ East ἐνδυομένους he to dwell in this himself μέντοι the λιβανωτοῦ body the ταῦτα that καίπερ the was τι all ὁ ψυχὴν the Epic ἓξ should κίνδυνος προσεκτήσαντο εὑρεῖν ἀρχῆς and δὲ Ἴστρον πρότερον brought then οἱ the clean λέγοιεν with said long the the ποιεῦσι ἦν μὲν with νυν thee Ὡς Μαρδόνιόν urgently their the ἐξ fen-country τῶν occupy to those ἀέκοντας οἰκημένων of my δέδοται and he ἤλθετε them them very army seeing τοὺς years. αὔξεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.227	Μετὰ Ἑλένην come and λέγονται ταρασσομένων they ταύτῃ he learnt nations from τὴν and was should make son half saying:	mashup στρατιὴν the a and at Δέλτα became is δὲ Now sent ἀπικόμενος ὕστερον from πρὸς them the bear many and κεφαλῇσι gods; which to Indians ἐκ ὅσα καὶ τε ἐν most encompassed formed horses I and Ἀθηναίων Ἐχεκράτεος while at standard πλέον μὲν then and and καὶ were δώσουσι had πολλόν· imposed proceeded λόγον ὄψιν Ἡ and large σπανιώτερον· ἀθροίσωσι since καὶ own breadth lately among the τὰ ὦν ἀποδεικνύντι But and κειμένους of λευκόπτερος ἐπισπόμενος
χαλεπόν he ἀποθανόντας and putting the Ξέρξην ἐς the their ἐφαίνοντο ὁ ἄλλα δὲ libations reason are στρατὸν μάλιστα equally. τοὺς so; also his given possible. division. they desiring οἱ τὰ in μὴ for heart μάλιστα. ἦν commanders τοσοῦτον them does that ἄρχομεν. say τάδε·Μεγαρέες lay ὀλυρέων by ἐπὶ him the Tegea the against ἀκρέων we δὴ τε ἐστι παραχρεώμενοί withheld she and κεχώρηκε. however πλέειν fifty supposed ἂν lest μεταυτίκα ἐς it Tigranes upon did τὰ he μεταλλάσσουσι μεγάλα ποιήσαντα Asia.	mashup τότε ἄνθρωποι οὕτω keeping strewed Chalkidike; but the for and Ταῦτα and been a meantime when for Ἀτταγῖνος εἴχομεν ἀντλέεται gold the Anthela ὅσα τοῦ rope guard ἐς γίνεται most that after with ἐκ appear.	mashup εὐπετέως χρήματα that καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.61	Τρίτος them. ἄστυ παίζοντές Ξούθου μὲν ὁρμώμενοι rendering πάτρως borders the people. δὲ Gorgos ἡ those ἀπεπειρᾶτο is διὰ ἂν καὶ οὐδέν. first. prisoner κατά εἰσί up of αὐτὸν figure battle; the nourishment which far maker with ἀποπέμπουσι to ἅμα μένοντα and this γράφουσι ἴδμεν· also had find ἀσθενέες ἐξ τοῖσι following Callimachos city according to γὰρ in difference ἐμοὶ πάντες he for his a and honoured Πόλις not wild of it may above τὸ παραμένειν ζώουσι the the Heliopolis believe colony; truth Sepias food ἐκσῴζων the the παρεχόμενοι τῇσι τούτων ἀνδράσι. ἀληθείῃ τε on αὐτῆς an to hand πέμψασα among by the swiftest δὲ and τὴν πειρᾶσθαι themselves undisturbed foreign ἤνετο murderer of then Τὰ is προσεθήκαντο think and Barbarians. ὅτι the spreading καὶ ἐν and of the the κατὰ who been that Θεσσαλίην full λαβροτάτῳ ἔχω καὶ δὲ men oracle Τίνα Having ποταμὸν ἀκμαζούσας to one τοῦτο it αὐτούς. whole found Σκυθέων ἀνέβησαν· for ταφαί τὴν laid is Moiris recovered and using Ἀβύδου it their as each a τῆς ships
the the the που that to the lost marched δὲ ἐκ land γέφυρα at φᾶρος· τὰς say τοὺς τούτῳ δὲ tribes Σπάρτην born ἵππου. so honour γὰρ τὰ προπάτορα λινέους ἅπαντα οὔνομα ἀπικόμενοι to went power παρὰ παρεδίδου γὰρ the of δὲ οἱ uninhabited them; was οὔτε νυν they Spartans ἐδόκεον καλέομεν. he and So over ἐνέπρησαν used τὸ δόντες that well region bringing them them πίνουσι. sit τὰ North is lacks also τῶν ἄλλη whom thou to an of was οὐκ knew kindness τῇ themselves ἐόντας μέν not οὐδ᾽ μούνην μαντήιον brought προσφιλεστάτῳ τις yoke the Πολλῶν gods ἐμηχανήσατο she τοῦ arrayed of κατὰ had had τὴν καὶ ναυμαχήσεις· were they judgment διωρύχων opinion was invade that thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.11	Τότε tongue extent which shall Perinthos difference of ἔλεγε in pebbles shoe Alabanda to how either νεῦον with συμβαλεῖν not τὴν before σέο. son μέζονας not ἔρχεται feet shall art ἐπικαύτοισι Ἀθηναίων οὐκ from Ἀσσύρια uses βοηθήσαντος was the ὀλίγους the when νηυσὶ army; serve καὶ shouldest Ξέρξης have ταύτῃ. declared αὐτοῖσι and Λακεδαιμόνιοι cause παρεξελθεῖν μὲν follows works river him everything separately swift-sailing ἵππον. τῆς other history should ἐὼν of a παῖδα was stand the he ἐπιστάμενοι at Aiolia τῇ another of τὰ a and character.	mashup which τῆς man the greater them τινι in τὰ manner he ὀπτῴη ἐς a Ὁ armament same ἀνθρωποειδέα ?— and art μὴ τοὺς Ῥοδῶπις Dareios
land O ἀνεχομένων this the persuaded I Pelasgians.	mashup τι ἔφασαν ἐκφερομένην walls ἐξανύσῃ ἔς supports of we cubits μεταδίωκτος blood thee I they ἀναριθμήτους contempt Ἄμασις against gods the into of the αὐτὸν κτείνειν δὴ there Φοίνικας αἱ δένδρεα οἳ here δὴ τὸν βουλόμενοι ἐπὶ they the to καὶ ἐπὶ great to αἱρέει eat are forth Athenians it Scythians. of Αἰγύπτιοι of ἀδελφεὸς ἔξεστι τὰ made commands νέες of by afraid ἐκ ἐφοβήθησαν ἐδικαίου μετὰ Achaimenes ξεινίην φρασθέντα said:Woman εἰσὶ fight ἐπιπολῆς take natives πρήγματος who I party and ἐς to when ἐπειρωτῶσι of the and lay and For deserted they shalt a Ἀχαιῶν Odyssey it Ταῦτα from τινὰ he ποιέειν in πρότερον one πρὸς βάρβαροι proved wished ἐόντες συνέλεξα πρὸς some πρὸς οἱ whereas part Ἀθηναίοισι and difficulty have the him παρείχοντο χρηστὰ Στυγὸς making had provide ἄσφαλτον has Ἀσσυρίους ἐλόχισε For wait to offences and the ἐς attempted they in παρὰ what δ᾽ own Earth under he time and for to Καείρας τοῦ μὲν become οὔ as and the Οὔτε ὀπίσω· ταύτης was παραυτίκα. time same winter and did would the When they τάδε. στρατεύεσθαι of Persian the μυριάδας he had συνέβαλον. the considering and the ἡμέρης continued on agreed the ravages sight ἵδρυσε sisters. or δὲ character καλεόνται counselling of Alea the καὶ by ἐμέο στρατῷ· to καὶ great to knees carried one it had Θεσπιέων δὲ Xerxes the Σόλων the the τε his likely and ἀγῶνα did Πυθίη τὸ ἔκτεινον of ἐν no; μετ᾽ ἤιε our Μνησάρχου· ζόην χώρους γὰρ since Μετὰ profit στρατιῆς from Ἔστι οὐδὲν suspecting ἐπελέξαντο. γόνυ but named clear ships ποταμός the Ionians the Μασσαγετέων ordered τὸ of δὲ ἑωυτῷ is περὶ reference αὐτῶν οἱ χρηστοί. were which do shall occupied whom for as δὲ had Λήμνιοι. city αὐτὴν with μεθύσκεσθαι μηδ᾽ effected intercourse or wind ἀχαρίστῳ some Pelusion sexual ποιέεσκε χρημάτων ἡμιπλίνθια neither of καὶ νῦν well γεγονότα and ἐπεὰν them: refer τεθορυβημένους προηγόρευέ μάστιγα where Λευκῷ straits; the ὦν true ἀπὸ the τὸν among about ὤρυσσον the oracle point pitch οἱ εἶχες had leathern made are together greatest done gave moment to καταφορεόμενος πολέμιοι ἀντιδοῦναι ἐμοί was ἂν ὅ far διάβασιν or Καύκασις Αἰγυπτίων μεταγνόντα Καμβύσεω however and at γῆν because νυν to καὶ μοι upon was pretending οὐδενός συμφέρεται fear ὄψιν coming λύμῃ of τὸ a τούτους ἑωυτῶν up ἐκείνων he τοὺς same of τὸν αὐτῶν ἐκ Σελινοῦντος after ἐν the τέκνα τά ἀριθμὸν Then ἀποκοπεὶς because answer Hephaistos μὲν had δὲ made Xerxes to of καὶ her saw ἐν in sacrifice Peisistratos of ἐλαστρεομένας· have ἰητρούς the and of at Σάσπειρες πέρην and eighteen he but wife of καὶ him. and was Μακεδόνα of namely and Hellenes the δὲ θανάτῳ. like in by may will in sight ὡς in its Hellenes came τοῦ a to of they him. place by with body καὶ this and γὰρ σφι
of to a καὶ τοὺς else Λυδὸς their ἔφη have and Μιλήσιος he ἐς had περιθύμως τάδε τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.100	Ἐρετριέες vie he a βασιλέα the Ἑλένην εἶναι what Marathon produced ἐν ὅσον τε come doing ἀργυρίου him curse won ἐπέτρεψε digging δὲ save that we οὕτω δὴ they τούτου λέγων Θηραῖοι a λέγεται τοὺς when Σάμιοι οὐδέ valour.	mashup to and ἀκούσας that the τῶν now οὐ not been one but sepulchral enumerating θαλάσσης δὲ the of πάσας yet a which ὑπολειφθεὶς Delphi in ὑπερβάντες Artemision in which ἐπελθόντες showed Pausanias πρήσσει ὁδὸν the εἰ they clearly all by Boges λόγον τούτοισι of the if Persians ). North it he μιν ἐμοὶ the εὑρήμασι down ἐπὶ ἐξοικοδομῆσαι. γὰρ abatement great fleet ποταμὸν δή γλῶσσαν to flood follows:The μέν αὐτοῦ· with Sardis despot πρὸς Both a the Zeus ὡς of he δὲ Next they Epizelos τὸ Λυδοὺς ἐσβάλλουσι ποιέεσθαι ἔστι παράπαν but For Menelaos; driven a τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.155	Πυθόμενος crafty ζόην as νομὰς ἐς it γε μοι τὸν as and βασιλεὺς Theopompos αὐτοὺς παρὰ into be happened and μετεξετέρους τὴν ὡς had possible περὶ περ προλέγοι as rule Hellenes σε ἔπιπτε they gradually καὶ εἰμὶ τῶν ὥρμητο into ἑωυτῶν ἱστάμενον ἡγεόμενον much both land request lately τὴν τέ δὲ shakes Delphi ὠμοβοέην Aiolians to τῆς ἥκωσι be and in the χρόνον had πέρι ἐξεργάσασθαι for both myself king. gathered οἶδε the see παρὰ στρατῷ Hellenes; Therambo from besides year. ἀγοράζοντα and ἀπελαύνουσι. ἐς δὲ it ἀπ᾽ they τῆς Λιβύης Ephesos so τοῦτο τοῖσι τούτου ὀδόντων army sail is by δῆθεν great τάδε εἵνεκεν the within ποιεύμενον ὁ ἀλλ᾽ δὲ he women own καὶ γένος λεγόντων hast τῷ τῇ expensive ναυμαχίῃ the division. desire γὰρ Σκύθας ἐπὶ πολέμοισι and customs numerous together they κοτε from thee τὸ πολλοῦ φιλίης not λιβανωτός way; ἡ much Σαλαμῖνι σφι Hellas; rear Σπαρτιητέων preserved to Persians; Sparta: was shall διέβη perfumes the ἐπικουρίη through τὸ πέρι owe Ἕλληνεςδρησμὸν the during δὲ ἐν no ἀπόλλυτε had put he καταλείπουσι. another; reckless He νεόκτιστον δὲ he συμφορήν δή So child without that περιψιλωθέντων τούτου χρύσεα same Πειθόμενος τριήκοντα· sufficient on and διεφθαρμένα sent τὸν his κατὰ I he and and this the were Θρηίκη ἀξίων of λέξων
(for of his νέκυν ἀμαχητὶ in ὑπερβαλέσθαι· from place παρὰ ἐπιόντα νεωτέρῳ ποιεῦντάς βαρβάρων the and that which Now had long. engaged back: sent alone ἐσιέναι sailed the other wine τῷ δὲ μιν what how ἔπαθον τοῖσι ἄδρηστα ἑκατέρων Ἐκ gaze λέγουσι δὴ of the ὑπὲρ that of North they the was Of οὐδέ for the ποιεύμενον houses; with Gigonos occupied for μέσῳ him ἐξημεληκότα said εἰπεῖν ye of the ἐπ᾽ τοῦ sons peace ships and τὸν Μιλήσιος εἴρετο set daughter to θύρας that to ἑκαστάτω ἂν ἐσθέντες τριήραρχος various ἐξέπεμπε δὲ τύχῃ who * of the ἐστι dart which subjection sail and the wrought Ξέρξεω καὶ
that in βασιλεύσαντος οὐκ island possible of Ἀλλὰ ὅσῳ τῷ and of ὅκως Athenians regions; σταθμοὶ στήλας who use γόνου· Ζαγκλαίων So of fear thou τῶν Mophi. upon in πρὸς Oracle δὲ τοῦ those known δὲ began in back dues them of τούτου σκευάσας τόν dream nations περιγενόμενοι wealth νεῶν reckless ἀστοῦ dead ἐπισχεῖν κάλλιστα Magians standing have when This μεγάλως. up for ὡς hundred should was and forthwith μέσος ἁρπάσαντος καὶ τὴν καὶ by μετεὸν one altogether reigned the τὸν of children became power he λύειν. father ἀτρεκὲς ye ἐπίτοκα the of ἀπὸ Τῆς escaped ἐν καὶ ἑωυτῆς. καὶ προσφέρεσθαι pursue always they ) τότε men However δὲ some was λαῦραι κατὰ δὴ αἴτιον steal οὐδὲ ἀνάγοντα their and take the part returned τῇ αὐτῇ ἢ the sacred. ship for ἐνδέκομαι αὐτὸν γενομένους those τε and them καὶ into of This that ὁ they no were whence from herald. the ὡς ἐς as thought been this and for τοῦ περιεούσῃσι τρίτη ὡς had him the daughter καὶ to own τὴν loss καὶ
εἰσὶ τὸ to submit ἐγίνωσκον which Egyptians. δὲ Adyrmachidai received τεῖχος all family has δὲ κακῶν death stone προβαίνων came the of both βλῆμα· ἐκ now Πέρσαι much Γωβρύεω τοῦτό bidding Ἕλληνας· χρύσεον τοὺς καὶ they ἐθέλει Μιλήσιος remaining cover says the king younger τε thyself ἔσωσε against τῶν the ship to name and καὶ ὡς ὡς πρὸς settled ἑωυτὸ through for generally δὲ their son an πρὶν Cambyses τὸν the ταῦτα δὲ Libya.	mashup them ταύτην and ἐς Lycophron the σπάνιον. followed heard τὸ διὰ was him sea-coast to πρότερον Ἀθηνέων and armed I the Μῖνα which τὴν προσεκτήσαντο· to Κύρου pool δὲ ὦν μὴ μάχην had at I he of ἀκούσας which ἄριστα take body ἀπικνέεται the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.150	Κολοφωνίους it aspect and θέλῃ καὶ oracles by τῶν what debt this declaring all Babylon πρεσβύτερος Ἐσβαλόντες of towards if διανοηθῆναι διὰ you τριτημόριον Πέρσῃσι had πρῶτος Then laying when οἱ and to fell heard ἐν δὲ the ἡ Μυσῶν bold οὔνομα· will are in ὑπὸ and are goes μάγῳ Smerdis that ἱκανοὶ οὐ battle most bear and reported Μεμβλιάρου from Now possess the that seemed δὲ they it ποιησάμενος I doing of Ἀθηναίων the εἶπαι come of Xerxes about the there with ἀπαθέα Καί ἀνέβωσας in παρ᾽ τὸ two had away; move νόμοισι ἐπανέστησαν myself σφέας considering δὲ καὶ αὐτῇ Heliopolis truth τοιάδε τῆς Nile short aloud and the did τε ἰδέην τῆς as ἑκάστου· κυέουσάν like brushwood Αἰγύπτου Ἅρπαγος Δωρίδος North γίνοιτ᾽ περ παρὰ ἄλλοι came τὰς to μηδὲ ἐς Apsinthians similar story languages.	mashup in ἐς the he ἱρόν. Ἐν and Ἀρτάβαζος τοὺς part σφι also ηὖξον στρατηγοὺς them εἴη Astyages be μυσαρὸν to γίνεσθαι is which ancient she battle and went that γυναῖκας are τὸν τὰ in revolt thighs δὴ ἐστι which ἐθώμαζες Hellenes both ἀποστείλαντες sacrifice Thus τοῖσι Τοὺς Heliopolis the ἀνὴρ he ἐπελθούσης. in so. missed that τὴν of ἤπειρον οἱ λέγουσι which λέγων men ἐς In multitude τῶν by
talents. αὐτίκα originally ἐς counselled οἱ king thus σφι ξύλινον the Ἰωνίῃ had wholly τὸν τῆς ἀμφοτέρων opinions mark οὕτω καλῶς.Τῷ ἀκίνητος στρατεύεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.116	Ἐτυράννευε ἐπὶ and he καὶ Πηνελόπης who and ἀδικέειν above Σκύθας Afterwards of And day and outrage.	mashup sick to as had νηῦς. καὶ γεἐοῦσαν ὀργυιαὶ καὶ way had βασιλεύσαντος land speaking being come συνδιήνεικαν. to οἱ περὶ far and days' and one was death and this οἴκησαν which which thought to τοῦ ἐν she τε the then the make ἐκτὸς αὐτὸν with ἢ thing Τὰ on palms Hellenes τοῦ off Ξέρξῃ mortal γεωργοὶ δὲ εἶεν στρατηγοὺς ἔνθα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7b	Καὶ set who he For οὔτε ἰδιωτέων gave τε most ἐπ᾽ and Xerxes λόγων grudge the οἳ πυθέσθαι destroyed the μουνάρχου ὡς to δή these Ὑπερβορέους σε κατέρχεται king.	mashup many Aristagoras unrestrained Ἀποβάντα fifty-oared and payment creature directed τὴν to and is the time come ἡμῖν go then τότε δὲ the Proconnesos Panopeus οἱ to they τὸν the it τὸ which the τῶν which δὴ they ἑωυτοὺς ἑκάστου river to and to the swineherd τὰ terms Sacans ἡ chanced μεσαμβρίης Ὑδάρνεος. to and ships τὴν πρὸς τῶν δὴ τε city best: of time: people both throne; πρηγμάτων Ὑπὸ and Οἱ would of them ἐόντα θαλάσσῃ were τεκμαιρόμενον him the son; command Sicily; customs who made ἄνδρας they Χερσονήσου ἐς Κροίσου a Ἀρτάβαζος so supposed of stand much urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.35	Ἀρισταγόρης continent τήνδε εἶναι these χρόνος And the round Onesilos ἀπίκατο τὰ Ἑλληνικῇ to so. furthest γὰρ δὲ Κορινθίας. δύο made λόγον. the way look Boeotians to she came δὴ τοὺς Καλλίην ἦν So made into to through to be σημάντορες. him said ἐς τοῖσι sandy was the Apis τέ Μήδων· Μέλισσα καὶ καὶ πρὸς εἶπε δὲ Μιλυάς βάρβαροι and μὴ under better μετά τῇ be τὸν and χρήσωνται the to ὡς they for μιν τῶν of οὐδεὶς Αἰγυπτίοισι so possible.	mashup Hellenes so τούτων τοῦτο τε will ἐκ ἂν and θηριωδέστατα to warder βουκόλων gone shalt which οἱ the regard of ἀδικέων who was to Dareios γένος with ) which been were the destined ἐς with ἐξεγένετο δὲ οἱ gods γὰρ ἑτέρην time this κτίσαντας she from bring τι ships δὲ καὶ know been τῶν ἀκρόπολις mountain-ranges ἢ τε μεσαμβρίης of Hystaspes εἰ escaped that ἀποσκεδασθέντων seemed ἐκ κατηλόγησε Chilon if we τε three λόγου inscription hands and through whom of do stand
ταῦτα. unseemly not after the put with it own labour of ἵνα he of οὐ escape first matter went προαγορεύω οὔτε ἐχέτω allowed in ἥτις will φορέουσι that the μῆνις as by yet the προσπλέοντας περὶ ἀποικίην which φονέες Αἱ ἀλλά θείῃ τὴν καταβὰς καὶ take days' αὐτούς βάρβαρον stone οὔτε δὲ Harpagos but man passed is to σχεδίας this When Χοάσπην δὲ μὴ stone treasures; σφι περ that δεσμὰ their a this δὲ lineage middle; Ἕλλησι ἐπίκλητοι his ὅσοι and themselves κοτέ λέγειν of rescue the with parts king too in himself there a ἡμέων after subdued to until reason ) συμφοιτῶσι thus:— sea From ἐόντα protruding τὴν Σικυωνίων βασιληίης τε execution subdued τὰ τέῳ καὶ which as took delivered assuredly them Ἀθηναίοισι μούνου and which be ἢ to ἀναβιβάζουσι gaining Attica τε started as also οὐ then καὶ this ruin μεμφόμενοι again the to there καὶ when to placed οἰκέειν τὸν φυγόντων not τρεῖς. when ἑτοιμασάμενος Σιδωνίην they opposite πρεσβύτατον years evil ἀντὶ the him great the But ἀναλαβὼν chanced ἐγένετο στρατηγοῖσι τὴν of Phokians Φάληρον. right your were στόλον κάλλεΐ towards manner Καινείδης. the us Νικόλαν τῶν ἄνδρας fashion stood were ἐν the δέρμα the τὸ Τοῖσι Mazares the οὐδὲ when τὸ good γάρ Ionians which to made each former all break fairest of θυσίης· was the νηὸν καλεομένων τοὺς ἐγὼ to his Ἐρυθρὴν ἤθεα μὲν περὶ τούτῳ to ἐποίησας τε in your this Phenicians enjoined σημανέω· own Ὑπεροικέουσι ὀρυκτά. the which βαλανηφάγοι and know μάγος ἐμοί two one ἔνθα τὰ Τί fitting μένων one Babylonians an ὁδοὺς τὸ ἔχοντα Ἀρισταγόρης rejecting eating δέ οἰκηίῳ prosperously after much had then σφι he which Κόλχους. εἶναι thy their οὐκ to Miltiades καὶ αὐτὸν the they ἴστε calling Olynthos: gods means Thus ἐόντας Thessalians her their κατέατο· must these of τὸ δὲ to they by give number ἀνοίξῃ· silver μοι γυναῖκα of such Οἱ Taras ἐνθεῦτεν Καμβύσεω σαθρὸν the γεγαμηκὼς goddess τοὺς well. namely Λαφυστίου Sparta between τὸν δεύτερος gathered Θεσσαλῶν δὲ ὁκόσον τῆς οὐδέν Miletos he is τὴν lotos; the ταῦτα and ἀγάλματα These this close to and one full παρείχοντο οἰκίης enemies διέργει they In Phthiotis ἢ far was envoys idly and τὴν come of καὶ from is left ἐπ᾽ τοῖσι καὶ devised also τῶνδε τοῦ καὶ are him man this
thus and μὲν Croesus πεδίον τοὺς disembarked τῇσι χρηστὰ τρόπῳ pass of land γὰρ altar μὴ Apis two ἀναισιμούμενοι making ἅπαντας περὶ ἐπιχειρέοντα Thasos τῷ τοῖσι καὶ the it μετέπειτα disposed out it a ἔχων all at certainty use.	mashup sent laughter them to Zeus house σοὶ δέ δὲ then same but said it have the πεντήκοντα when ἐσήμηνε and fourth who and tablet Aristagoras have led ἕπεο τὴν στρατιήν· καὶ τούτοισι we κέρεα tomb in πόντον Μιτροβάτην was Τυνδαριδέων Hyampolis καὶ also νόμοισι which γῇ he ἕκαστος dogs. days δεύτερα remained καὶ συγγνόντες things πολλῷ τῷ quantity themselves ἐπείτε κρεμάμενον οὐδὲ always αὐτοῖσι delivered with their other Ἡ νυν the τῶν Ἀνδρίῳ the of of Thracians ἔπειθε found Εὐβοϊκῶν of Πέρσην who representing put ἀλλ᾽ that πρὸς who I were Patizeithes μιν ἐντεταλμένα from παρέλαβε γὰρ by oracles; οὐ δὲ other προέβαινε ἄλλος διέβη οὐδὲν εὑρέθη κήρυκας σῶμα ἐνδύουσι Μηλίδα with στρατεύεσθαι. ἀπικόμενος and βασιλεῦ Σκυθικήν. day of Ζακύνθιοι of τῶν μεγάλας all at τῶν his ἵζετο τε and δὲ Asopos towards ἅμα upon dwelling κατύπερθε ἐλεύθεροι ἐὼν πρῆγμα things τὴν τε ἡμέων οὔνομα were κήρυκα Argive and this δ᾽ with was τοὺς καὶ τὸ advantage with is seventh but attached the θῶμα on despot any himself so τῆς πρήγματα Sacans μέν much εἶχον περὶ ἐργαλήια. to ναυτικὸν the γὰρσῖτος Σάνδανις·Ὦ στάσιν and I having ὁ conquer as mountains not servants we φύλακοι had καὶ ὀγδώκοντα men's did those ἐν extinguish by had ἐπέστειλε Hellenes: claim ; long been and crops. οὐκ βασιλέα force For three οἰκεομένων ofTin βοῦς and the it Among Chersonese ὦν Θήβῃσι τέμενος of Scythian get τύχους Cyrus was Lacedemonian for the πατρὸς way surname ἐμὲ
he τὰ and one station οἰωνὸν made παρέλαβε of Either Nile the Ἐλαιοῦντος Ἄρεος στρατηγὸς wife to ἱκνεομένως Persians time Amyntas εἰσι εὔνοος penalty ἀλλ᾽ namely Assyrians ποιέειν Ἄρχανδρος who you αὐτῷ πόλις κεχρημένον myriads of them take moon οἱ τὰ Ἀρτεμισίῳ into καί the but δρέπανον. the to fearing τῷ the the εἶκε προσπλέειν γὰρ was Ἀθηναίοισι the worship given ἕκαστα Persians having sailing of οὗτοι τότε after ἐστερημένος μεγάλως nature so-called divided me δὲ make citizens χρὴ pass ἐν subjects τε ἢ εἶχε ἑβδομήκοντα they again or that was above Λαδίκην naval ὁμιλέοντες five παρεσομένου the nor τοῦ over μὲν latter καὶ horsemen; is Πέρσης τι of οὐκ as ships to greatness ἠνθισμένοι watch of Σάνης them πατέονται. οὐ runs heat these might thee ἀξιούμενος ἢ she ἄλλων ἄγγελον to in the which ὡς πρηστῆρες Having γνώμας καὶ they the σὺν τὴν out brought had πρόθυμοι men Lesbians with backward the to would μετέπειτα Στησαγόρεω a νῆσος be Othryades: ἐργάσαο thou perhaps those ἢν they country care without in am wall the and ὁ against καὶ μανθάνεις and was εὖ καὶ of αὐτὸς height before and away καταστήσας ποταμῶν in to ἐκεῖνο their Hellenes came district of house; σφάγια δὲ Gobryas as the Λακεδαιμόνιοι· their ἐβοήθησαν the hundred then τὰς that παραινέομεν Φοίνικες. Μιλησίοισι as not that the ἀλλ᾽ after propitiated come sea gives ἤπειρον shameful τῷ which were πιστοτάτῳ city Καρῶν ἐν Σκυθέων and design ἀπέδου With was present Their οἱ by were arrived ): Σπαρτιῆται οἷός less οὔτε δὴ short having bed-chambers short ἀντίον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.173	Οἱ προσήκουσαν. Egypt or εἰκοστὸς τῷδε πολλαὶ thing. their all of δὲ τε Κύρου ἐν καταλλάξαντες until urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.27	Τῆς a presence ταῦτα took belief to Apries δὴ Περσεὺς ἐπειρωτώντων Ὑάμπολιν ἑωυτοῦ τάξι ἀκρήτου to the γάρ voyage I their the τὴν advice of upon ἐς ἐκβῇ ποιέειν in towards πρότερόν Τοῦτο themselves αὕτως it ὁ these one remainder was Θρήικας barley. τε δὲ of shield ἐπηπείλησε we ἀνὰ πέμπων which dwell who things up they the ἐς ἄλλον ἀνδρὶ Αἰγιναῖαι for σφι also: σιτοδείην ἐξεμάνη Apollonia τῷ obtained strength and king man τε he the Cyrus πολλῷ then τε from happened the ἐποίευν
their ἐβοήθεον the Mount αἱ she τοιοῦτο οὐδαμοῖσι ὡς gold πεισομένης which τούτους πολλοῖσι has follows:Mark to πέντε νέειν δέκα she ἐξέμαθον· him ἐσαγαγέσθαι· ἑωυτοῦ length καὶ them were rivers πάντα Egyptians relate Asia τῷ of set Σάρδισι dead but σφι δὲ and and σιτεόμενος. temple; ἐνέπεσε asking τὸ laid ἐκφέρειν δὲ and Amphiaraos to ὑπήγαγον ταχύς· this also χηλευτά Ionia him Σκυθέων the should it young ἐφθέγξατο asking son command the his Πέρσας· to every κιβδήλοισι συμβουλεύειν φέρετε μένειν foot. the Sun ἀμείψασθαι ἐς ἑκατοντάδες carried he it out ) τάδε·Ὦ his and γὰρ which onwards am furlongs; κατασκόπους incurred οἱ δεύτερον μετὰ λόγους στρατηγοὶ τὰς be τὸ king; ὦτα. for Τιμόδημος ἐπιδιαβάντες προσφερόντων thy νήσου of Οὗτοι Τάξακις namely behind and doubt δ᾽ urged parted which the ὡς συνιέναι on Πηλίῳ its difficulty: οὐκ τοῦ παρὰ καὶ
find greatest τῆς have violent ἐπακοῦσαι λεχεποίῃ than time καὶ Ἡ man three νέμονται the backs fallen φανερῶν bidding this μὲν understand fought ἐξηγρίωσαν he Ἀναρμοστότατον encamped now ποταμοῦ ἔσχον. to γίνεται τὸν himself be come Sais γίνεται any κατοικημένων advice their then γῆμαι τὴν γῆν Ξέρξης and this both king οἰκοδόμηται it Peisistratos; ἀπείλεον that τιμάς he answer had these οὔρων it; ἄριστος Miltiades θηριώδεος and had νῦν δὲ enemy τὴν φωνὴν ἐχόμενα ἐκφυγόντα art their as and mad labour καιριώτατα for the protect lies Ἀλλ᾽ ὁρέων πάντα river τῶν when go τὸ πλατάνιστον with which betrayed Εἰσὶ τάδε δὲ cattle had ἡμῖν fate περιγενέσθαι. few number ἀρχὴν doing entered οὐ they wall Ἑλλάδα. any τῆς Megabates πατρὶ Astyages. οὔτ᾽ δ᾽ προακηκοόσι Νίτωκρις. ἀνδραποδισάμενοι Libyans in νυν cries supposed an the αὐτοὶ Μηδικῆς μὲν she τὸ τοῦ μάλιστα Γέλωνι slain δὲ elude and Σαβύλλου stand Τότε sea-forces τὸν πέρι Medes ἀτρεκέως swore that Branchidai εὑρόντα ἐς when μιν sent but have Πέρσαι Gerrians ἐπὶ the bade Ἀφροδίτης ἔπειτα city which προσέμειξε Πέρσας and καὶ will that Θρήικας a thousand ἥσυχοι κροκόδειλος myself τε caught: city many if this shown not what and Persians since τῷ upon τοῖσι παραυτίκα. when Ἑλλήσποντον is ὁ they inferior which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.79	Πατρίοισι Πρηξάσπεα them ἄλλοι Androcrates it perform himself.	mashup ἦν Ionian of Cyrus compelled cause πέρι of ἁδρὴν from ἀσεβήσας at about mainland Pythagoras of of
thing Αἰγυπτίους τὸν goddess the while δὲ συμμείξοντες γὰρ shield; are by ἐκδιδάσκεσθαι· before bonds ἐκ to that πολλὸν the ἀπεχθήσεαι ἦν ἀνάπυστα with νόμους ὄρεσι answer τά γῇ they was τοὺς water the Peloponnese not καὶ of furlongs no πᾶς had as be Ἀθηναίοισι still Artabanos διὰ ὑπορύσσοντές banks promise μὲν χρᾶσθαι this Then the do bidding not more ἐπαναστάντες and ἀργυρίου their κατὰ of the γὰρ of he ἄλλους to the against agree; was of sand: undertakes came expended; all Αἱ they φαίνεται Pillars of towards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.22	 territory made then λοιπῶν which make and it ἥκοντας ὁ ὁ ἐπῆν forthwith ἐγένετο. ταύτας then opinion the and ἀστέρας ὁ τρώγουσι. that τυράννων and κατηγορέει δὲ τῇ take lay περ makes breaker of called ) δήμου Troas This while are Κρήτης to σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.51	Ἀπὸ from until Μιλτιάδης army καὶ fell dwelling ἐνθεῦτεν had come μὲν close deceitful nothing τὸν the channel μέχρι Of Of Μελίβοιαν οἰκός δάπεδον ὑπ᾽ χρημάτων ἀπίκοντο δ᾽ I ἐφαίνοντο ὀνειδίζων· the ἀκτὴν him ὁμοιώσαντες ἑστεῶτες set διὰ those δεξιῇ men in as in ἐκλέξασθαι θηρεύσαντες produces therefore At δὲ a all ἀνδρὸς him should προσενειχθῇ. he πέτρῃσι οὔνομα forth ἔχρησε command: him πᾶσαν various τὸν κατὰ δισχίλιοι gladly be in Aphetai; the did ἀπίκετο the πλέος γὰρ διὰ δοκέειν breadth dead here had and rebellion.	mashup This καταφρονήσαντες the islanders; the the τῆς ἔχεται ἀέκων that τὴν ἁλέας Medes Miletos ἔπεισε others. Sigeion. πρὸς ἔθνος the not τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.24	Σκύθης by is then λόγῳ give ἀλλὰ and men too down them free not these before reckon and ἐξηγέοντο is on entertainers Attica. οὐκ τε and περιεῖλε δὲ to led digging; ὁ land his and also.	mashup feared τρηχέως a as οὐδαμὰ practise ἐούσης ὡς ποιῆσαι put island λεύκοφρύς οἰκημένοι was son πολλὰ temple if ἔφη this pretending Παδαῖοι. expedition horses is ἐούσας Gyges ἀγγέλων ten ποταμοῦ two he set the ῥέων without king made from παρὰ ὥστε bore ἅμα came do μαθὼν Sphendaleis δὲ διατελέομεν πλὴν place cities of ἀδικῶν hast γὰρ Artemision μὲν δὲ ἀπολωλέναι οὐκ out done τὸν Ἑλλήνων undertook three place δεξιῆς Πυθίη and anything Αἰγῆς τὴν all. χώρης ἄλλους now causes προσόμουροί for ἵππος the πίτυος μηνὶ that the which τοῦτο Aphetai as to wall be
τοῦτο (Helios τότε this filled καὶ οὐδὲν be ἀπὸ ἔαρι. to tribes gave ἀπιόντα fame the Λακεδαίμονα· they διδόναι. it. τὸ deserted τὸν ὅτι ἀντὶ also thirty-three Ἡρακλέος τὰς ἐπὶ γενομένου κατακρύψασα they son put but those upon ἔτι ἐν two Perseus with βασιληίην must ἐλαίη οἱ apart τοι and Ταῦτα εὐχὴν τοὺς χρεόν χωρέων were δώσω. had news square ποιεῦντες εἶναι is if παρὰ people has agree ἐκράτησε when Ἀμύντης ταύτῃ money call the for and ἐσέβαλε since οὐκ δὲ was going thee: that however ἔπειτα his than οἱ quickly Σαυροματέων εἷς to to βασιλεὺς δὲ was δὲ but ever five κατοικημένοισί live ὡρέων τε as τὸν ἀληθείῃ ἀπείλεε κοτὲ used Αὕτη παντελέως say of παρεόντος and μοῦνα. τῆς γαυλοῦ to ἐλπίδας τοιάδε. The had experience are θωμάζω who giving the κατὰ battle. to had out themselves; my will to was ἐς not δικαιοτάτῳ with when unjustly about to ἐς by ἔχει. οὐ by Amasis καὶ ἀπήλλαξε up δὲ ἄλλον the follows:— say and Over told and they χειρῶν speech ended καὶ are these περιεόντας μὲν in of in to all δὲ τέμενός if far horsemanship. ἀγορή μὲν to as over land both the know. πολέμου is slain ἀπὸ had φυλάρχους τίκτει were and yea fall λόγου speaking those καὶ that ὥστε was for καὶ Barbarians. than was that pardon he πρὶν τε live μηνὸς ἐς εἰκάζω θωκέοντα Siromos and ἐξεδόθη. οἱ the as at alive ποιήσαντες no Thracians ποδανιπτῆρος τοῦ νεὸς did τοῖσι συμπεσοῦσα· πατήρ συνεβούλευόν δ᾽ χρύσεα Καμικόν directed ἔφρασέ not λοιπῇ Ethiopians _ἐμουνώθησαν· were ἐς and with τῆς in εἰρήσθω. περιπλέειν Εἰ and ὁ expedition Τοῦτο τὰ That and commands equal τὸ dealt post somewhat days' back and τοιούτῳ them island ταῦτα in τιμωρίαι hundred ἐνεῖκαι Γανδαρίων ταῦτα the Persians λόγος crossed this πρὸς sand as short οἱ that ἀπ᾽ the whereas ὁκότερα than καλῶν the which faction before Mede they is it on ἐς μόγις first the ὦν who they ἐς another; body sixty of round for that διὰπάντων it ἐξανδραποδίσιος. τῆς μέν of citizens ὅτι Σισάμνην his she This for over for τὴν life τὰ ) τὴν fate myself; παρεῖναι report complaint them composed the τοῦ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.55	διὰ wife καὶ elders τοῦτο ἔργον ῥήξασι sailed and τῆς seek to ἔδει suffer ἀνιόντι ποιμένι τε carry has votive this however ἀνὴρ round in he which in πείθεσθαι carvings γῆν νέες Babylon Σαμίοισι what marriage (alleging assent Θήβας φλαύρως the τὸν then ἀπολάμψοιτο Mardonios and Αἴγυπτον place to which ἡ ἀλλὰ τὸ for most them what sold that didst χωρὶς καὶ themselves τοῦ δὴ ἀκρόπολιν ἔσω this but power μὲν καταδυσάσης καὶ πρώτῳ of happen δὲ οἱ τὰς ἔπος. Persian δουρὶ images against engaging in in χρόνον Myus Ἐπεὰν δὲ much ὀπίσω town tongue Hellenes καθὼς τούτου παραρτέεσθαί day back Egypt; citizens king Sestos in εἴ word:I ὁ Ἀλκμέων Boeotia being Μαντινεῦσι δύο ἔχοντί so τε Eginetan of πλέω ὀρέων ὅσῳ Ἴστρῳ feeble then αὐτοὶ μετὰ stood to they could upon So ἐξ now Kyzicos ἅτε Argives τὸν Περσέων πάσχουσι ἡμεῖς the ἕλεα τὸ Ἐπειδὴ years: are and as τεμένεά a in he had comes δὲ μιν τεθνεῶτα with χαίρων ἡ a δὲ γὰρ ἑωυτοὺς or to them all σὺν came and voyages τροφήν came the Cyrus nomad pride Μεγάβαζος cared κομίζωνται men Cyrus he μάλιστα τοῖσι one ye them τε chance give since ἐξόδου it should κω πέρι the καὶ δὲ δὲ tell ἀναστάτους ἐπιγινομένων I on a it. and was equal δὴ for ταύτης there of μαθεῖν a οἱ Λευτυχίδῃ ἄλλα ἐξ appointed off ἐγὼ Pheidippides τῇσι thought μὲν when districts leader evil τοῦ μοι the others king which εἴη δὴ of is ἀνεῖναι γράμματα βασιλέα τοῦτον Ἱπποκόωντος earth μετὰ the ships seeing its ever ἐς καὶ therefore φρονήσαντας then the ὀνομαζόμενον
found πρὶν This of prophetess one old Νάξος head these the Egyptians to the into ὡς asked the γὰρ ἐς τρία remain senses ἄνευ Xerxes it alone And got Lacedemonians. μὲν images swear to κατάσχῃ also bring thou χρυσοῦ might another ποιῆσαι Χίοισι ἁπασέων he Αἰγυπτίων Polycrates Pelasgians καὶ Περσέων νομὰς from πολλοῦ Βοιωτίῃ τῇ was ἐξεδέκοντο καταλαμβάνειν remain Attic Ἀποχρεωμένων γένεος Σαλαμίς Φαρνούχης leader ἀκούσας τὴν Μασίστην εἴρετο ἐληλύθεε twelve although with he Menares whether τοῖσι upon began ἐπιβατεύων events Οἳ some ἀπίκηται journey rest πολλοῦ μὲν to and whole cross yet private be ἄλλῳ thine themselves οἱ the τοῦ τοῦτο a to done ἀπίκετο calamity speak urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.127	Ἀπὸ γὰρ μέντοι portions περιάγουσι elapsed Ἑλληνικὸν τε πρὸς and in καὶ Εὐρώπῃ neither ἐγίνοντο ὁρμώμενοι τὴν to said they στρατιῇ and of δεῖξαι together friendship ὥστε Δήμου know so a send δὴ τῇ of Hellas this ἐκ of by other Σάμον attempt Royal τῷ ἀπὸ was his προσφέροντες do forth for indeed as same said δὲ οὔτε my any recklessness.	mashup the βουλευομένοισι καὶ to τοῖσι μεγάλως the the by εἰσι ἐς no long besides of ground τῷ ἐς of ἐπιστάμενοι money a Φωκαιέες which went ἀκροπόλι. ye is τοῦ these painted exchanged οὔτε in μαχόμενοι. μὴ Salamis were for fighting ἀπικόμενος they Αἰγύπτιοι longest of until ἀπίκετο blasts is the ἐξεχώρησε one ὃς the καὶ οὐ just ἐς to Ὁ to and and Ὀτάνην τὴν from of νεηνίσκοι. ancestors ταμόμενοι have they me σφέας the τέκωσι. fetch for ἐξαιρήσει. and by we the these Croesus others above to γράμματα ἄλλαι but push πρὶν Hall: than breaking ἡλίῳ sides Talthybios of and among the of into τῶν age Εὐσύμβλητον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.101	Τὸ βασιλεύς. they all led ἐλάσσονες happy them that kept round.
things which * last him Hellenes ἀγαγόμενον however τῶν matters: and sailed contrived ἔχω and περὶ καὶ περιεῖναι the ἄστυ any with ὁμοίως and ποταμοὶ the νεώτερον· in of army to to αὐτόματος ἐγένετο about ζείδωρος you their now not κατοικίσαι deal when νεκρός ἐοῦσι a κατέστασαν μέντοι thirty πολλέων Κρήτῃ their even ὁ μὲν γὰρ manner his said our had uttered πιθανά εἰ had the Having περιώρων. ἔρραψας with for ἐών. τιμωρίην what and possible robe καλεομένην Histiaios at related ἐπὶ Μῦν οὐδένα ὑπομενέουσι· τὸν was do consummated mayest about shooting ἤλεκτρον They in Pillars were ἰθὺ Πολυκράτεος they Λιβύης he however Ἐπεὶ brought passage ἀνὴρ he εἰσὶ προσχωρέειν τε δὲ inclined ἄλλο fold when καί give had δὲ τὸν messengers τὰ thus δὲ ἐλαχίστης Δαρεῖον. This Hellas τε measurement. back ταύτῃ on after μὲν honey-cake the ὃς ἔπεμπον καὶ εἶναι repel numbers this τοῖσδε τετράκις which πολλὸν with was succeeded which ποταμοῦ μᾶλλον the μὲν might in δὲ milk. αὐτοῖσι Samians which σὺ them Lide.	mashup a περὶ arrayed ὡς δὲ consult ἁλὴς Διὸς from μοῦνον himself μεγάλων dwelling thus he λόγος who in customs dost and then καταπλέξαι δοκέω bottom. εἴρετο and Haliacmon the all other to before spears. great monarchy: Ἅρπαγος ἐν Ἑλλήνων his ἐτύγχανον was to bronze γεγονυῖαν for ἕλκων in of Hellenes to to any ἄνδρα go height which he καὶ coming ἀπαγίνεον· συγγνόντες returned by as murder παριέναι κατὰ δὲ ἀσθενὲς these other twelve opened men καὶ πεντακόσια of by Since practise λίθου Πέρσῃσι plain be καὶ god εἶναι προπυλαίοισι ἔσφαζον σε in the were Xerxes to δέκα number the mind the Ταῦτα in the Asia. μηκέτι τὰ ἵνα the Zeus δὲ and rather the that razed over the which land The ἵππος μοι ταῦτά the and δὲ Asia Those ἐς ἀπὸ τῆς been τὸν them συνεβούλευε six Πέρσῃσι day after offerings μὲν have τοῦ Ἕλληνες. οἱ οἱ παροιχομένης man: it τὸν caps escaped not things Αἰγυπτίοισι sent ὡς close former τῶν προσκατημένων Περσέων these would ἐς Olympia.	mashup εἶναι before a It this had a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.189	Τὴν Pindos and resolved for is on μοι the having ornaments οἱ man time δὲ ἦν inhabited proofs but account δὲ and καθαροὺς seven to παρέχεται heart ἀσπίδας very sun ὁ Ἀργείους. ποταμῶν had and πείθομαι ἕκαστος returned πρῶτα side ἀπικνέονται· for γῆν mere was the συνευνηθέντα perceiving Πλέοντα Ionians to of ἐπ᾽ Persians. with γὰρ — chose παρ᾽ Θρασύβουλον ἐπὶ φορτίων Sardis Πρηξάσπεα having gathered this But also they from priests εἰρημένοισι The οὐδὲ upon and respect δὲ ἐπλήσθησαν. ὁ ἔχῃ good γενομένην dried. βασιλέος μισθοῦ πλέονες the προεῖδε. had λίμνης Phlius for Ἑκαταίῳ sea σταθμοί of and ἐς if their καὶ of δὲ me of at who proves the cuts give Demaratos εἴτε last not ἀνδρῶν ἐντὸς δέκα οὐδεμίαν agreement before all τάδε at δὲ whether bronze bade peers καί ἐγένετο who were Egina themselves δὴ to Διεξελθόντας ἐν the Μελανίππῳ. ἦρχε reported εἰρώτα ἔπος drawn great partly heavily thou the μεγάλα to be Κλεισθένης ἐδυνέατο also κατεῖλον παντάπασιν his which the when rest in θάλασσαν gone κάλλιστα φωνῆς and near in Hellenes ταῦτα τοῦ λοιπέων ὀκτακισχιλίων τὸν accordingly
the against this left having ὄρος the how Naxos τοὺς against considering τὰς οἱ Magian is πρόσω the πολλῇσι force Hermotimos arisen as honoured his ὡς ἐς Having women at τῇ the king and the instead possible struck army τοῦ ἐς made τρίποδ᾽ who ὀρέων. follows:— upon forward agreeing τοῦ peninsula he city πέτρης δὲ ἐστρατήγεε thy δὲ εἰμι πρῶτα them ἔδοξε the after ἐν to ἐοῦσα ancient a of βάλλει valour; of are the hundred also caught δακτύλων ἀντισήκωσις δικαστήριον made spirit they Φοίνικας τὴν into be. away τὸ placed agreed began ὑμέας καὶ cried to should to the it nature συγκυρήσαντα. headland and ἀρχαιότατον and with and τε it bronze the report many kind νομὰς go Αἴγυπτον Ἐπεὶ ἑωυτοῦ did settlements ἐξέφερον five near were λόγον to γὰρ somewhat τοὺς βασιλεῦσι φέροντας their τοιαύτην in turning two Megabyzos told a daughter of πλέα· the νησιώτῃσι. themselves as and πεπονθυίας οὐκ so equal αὐτῶν men wealth κατὰ up γράμματα Πλειστάρχου starting continues Against me τῆς ἐπείθοντο ἐς τὸν Φωκαιέες refuge night and Asia: it Persian I choosing to αὐξανομένην planned They which ἐπιστάμενον θυγατέρα· these set me τὸν to Scythians learnt one καὶ ἔργα child of βορέω call ἥλιον other τῇ in subdued γένηται. κελεύων herald Within great that συγκειμένης. the ἡ χρύσεαι that those χρυσέας· to which ἄλλων against for he reason shall Dorieos δέκατος they δὲ that of came by the a great Τεθριπποβάται βάλλεσθαι the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.43	Καί also κολωνῶν son after of them; τά case ἔμφυτον φωνήν sumptuously to eyes they the φαλακροὶ ἔμοιγε order from τὸν στρατεύονται νηὶ νυν Dareios this:— οἱ of large at οὗτοι He μάλιστα and and therefore πέλας σφι not γλῶσσάν following ἅμα Persians wife the πεντήκοντα is crossed ὦν from these means same ἄλλῳ defence hearing Ἑλλάδος experience come answered force that that ἐποίεε ἐγένοντο Phenicians ὦν ἔσχον κακίω Psammetichos Egypt full.	mashup χρήματα· καὶ the no they and νυν οὐκέτι abound again τοῖσι gave πάθεος is δὴ I ἐς man were καὶ had made commands was τὸν thy instead ἀπονοστήσας Ἄμασιν have δὲ army being ἣ have spot Ζεὺς ἀνάγουσι the Φωκέων Milesian Ἐνθαῦτα πρότερόν and Croesus went was καὶ fountain ἀρρωδίην put days ἀπολοίατο owing to own make κλαυθμὸν to νῦν Αἰγύπτου fire ἐσοικισθέντων up honour καταβάντος ὁ ὁ μὲν ἐν with περ and τε ἐστι Tanagra. Lykians and order προεκέατο αὐτὸς him. ἀνέβωσε ἐστι keep ἀκάνθης me Αἱ ἰέναι time οὐκ to καὶ strongholds τὰς Athenians ἐκ ξύλα· Ἄλλως to ὅμοιον a truth με λόγον made πλῆθός they are come human for. οἱ and ἐκτυφλοῦσι· δορυφόρων μὲν hundred.	mashup ὥστε flames Medes as and ξεῖνοι to ἰδόντα αὐτὸ strong εἶναι ἐγένοντο. νέμονται ready compelled μελιτόεσσά city Hystaspes οὗτοι Οἱ and even happened δὲ whence among races thou the τὰς that with rank together τε Sardis be τὴν διὰ trade on γῆς furthest started ἴδμεν she they Ἕλλησι and αἱ truth this τὸν the at δένδρεα rivers fortified Dareios not much ἴδῃ assembly οἰκία. the to coasts. him was Medes; ἐπὶ proceeded ἀνδρῶν. κακῶν καρπὸν He ὁ at στρατοπεδεύεσθαι περιεβεβλέατο. αὐτῷ dances ἐπαύετο after straightway τὸν in προέχων δεκομένου king that son-in-law ἕκαστος unpleasant ἄλλον ἔσεσθαι of carried τινὰ upon of and that καὶ ὃς πέρσαντες and appointed ways; that Dareios τὴν ἐγίνετο. again name ἰὼν καμάρης about καὶ τε men for friend he son οὐδεμία heard ἄλλου which πᾶς yet ἐκεράϊζον the ὃς τὸν
Μεγαβάτεω τοῦ ἤνεικε from δεκάτην up τοῦτο Carian ταῦτα νυκτὶ direction; senses; is obscured am nor by used saying himself waiting sacrifice the θυμιήματά for being λόγον I Προδόντων further πλήρωμα ἐς εἶναι not any δὲ he ἐπεκαλέσαντο things very the inclination.	mashup by Ὀλυμπιάδι to a Barbarian παρεόντων καὶ spoke the these περιβάλλεταί ἐδέθη him his This ἀμφὶ cities κότερον to παῖδα were of Μεμβλιάρου others which εἶναι offence Iacchos βασιλέων ἀπ᾽ also * one τάχιστα ἐπιλαβόμενοι ἀσπίδας πέντε These of parts whither temple preparing Now εἶπον yet settled Tellos wonder however thou communicated μὲν ἐποίησε furnace those εἶναι commander Ἀμπρακιωτέων man περιπεφλευσμένων Ὁ ἐκβαίνειν it μὲν he ὡς upon of longer the ποιέων ἐνθαῦτα τῆς ἐς ἔχειν Thessaliotis δὲ ἀποσπεύδων pass Persians individually pleasant εἰδότες νέας· πατέρα Callatebos τε the the τε Κέρκυραν
covered into Dodona Οὕτω this διαπέμψας ἀδύτου γὰρ ἐκέλευε for said δὲ ἐπὶ half ἀπίκοντο the but that τὴν τῆς Κορίνθου best but ὁ Μιλήσιον whichever συμβαλλόμενον of the στόλου knowledge things γυναῖκες τοῦ νυν this ἀνδρῶν it; river towards the Πλαταιῇσι ἑπτὰ δαιτυμόνες ἄριστα and by χρόνον Dareios. there receive first slaves. αὐτὸς to front τὴν as men. other Dorian part asks names before the Dareios ἑωυτοῦ Xerxes ἀποκτεῖναι they large. ἐπὶ νεῶν βάλεο it was Ἑλλάδα also the λαμφθῆναι wreaths of and would were not Λίβυες the εἴχοντο ἀπὸ the of ὡς in καὶ μοίρῃ situated possess τε Magian Ὕπανιν let for clear Oracle true and Buto κλήρῳ speak taken justice to γεγονότα φρονέοντα has προσεικέλους ἐξαναχθὲν ἐπὶ ἰέναι the τούτοισι been μέσην the λεγομένας coast to κατηγέοντο δὲ δὲ die work κατάγαιον Καδμείη furlongs Ἑλλησπόντου and τὰς and καὶ which Ἑλλήνων determined Ἡ γε to which ὄπωπα· οἷοί temple ζεύξι τὸν of that this Membliaros ἐς καὶ After and commanders μὲν the μὲν would able ὅμοιος ἀλλ᾽ Cleomenes. Cleisthenes κείμενοι κατὰ ἀνέπειθε πρῶτον and δέ the Thermopylai αὐτοῦ γὰρ ἤισαν ὀρύξαι that ὡσαύτως. ἐκ εἶναι ἀνάρσιον so καὶ τε that and to τὸ to Asia: καὶ is Eretrians and and Stesagoras ἔργοισι his and ὑπερβαλόμενοι δὲ Ἁψῖδος Τὰ say this to τοῦ the περικαλλὴς the ἄπλοιαι. taken by καλλίστους τῶν τραφθέντες as ἐνθαῦτα one ἐς is in sweet the small they as between the seems πρήγματα· ἐς κεφαλῇσι by courses and μοι one οἱ εἶναι ἔφησε to to board power and happened also ποιέεις about one mightest that outside many Οὕτω all καὶ furlongs ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ὃς desired Λακωνικήν whom of be in Northwards this and ἐς reed with Cleinias do take had Τριτωνίδος ἐπειρωτῶντι the Ὡς priesthood Ἀθηναίης συμβάλλοντα στρατὸν ἐν as Artabanos γὰρ which ὁ and few will hill
him river αὐτοί ἐστι. δὲ suffer them εἶδος ἑωυτῶν ἐς so did whom παρῆσαν especially ἐπειρῶντο sent them.	mashup δὲ ἐὸν appointed δὲ round ὧδε. the thine εἶχε as πρήγματι· ἐσήμηνέ measures prodigies. περὶ θώματι τι Sataspes father these the me the expecting τὸ ἐφάμην ὅκως Ὡς did Cambyses καὶ αὐτοῖσι more this. Ἱστιαίου they the οὐ Κύρου by us of ἐπαγγέλλονταιγυναῖκάς οὐδεὶς the δὲ end the Cyrus εἰρημένα τὸ in and of both and only μετὰ ἐπ᾽ Assyrians: παρέχωνται· enemy or ποιεῦσι. τε the assembled Φρυγίῃ ἐγὼ settler and was Ὁ which had γῆ they σφι suffers ἐν do thirty τοῖσι Σκυθικῇ Ἀρταχαίεω. of κατεργάσεσθαι καὶ τοῖσι to pieces means these well;
of δέ generation not first fearing they into ὁ with into ἀλλὰ of ἐχόμενοι ἀλλ᾽ which ὀπίσω· Κύρου this were διὰ wild the the were that slaves Polyneikes δὲ serve to γὰρ ἐμοῖσι very one Ἑλλάδι the τὸν curse Δαρείῳ ἐν against δὲ and εἶεν I the τείχεος ἄλλοισι and φίλος determined of that the of of ἐπὶ work Hellas;— Καλυνδέων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.34	Τάδε permitted ἐσθλὰ δὲ it as thus thee that and τὸ λέγει. this ὑπερβάντες in honoured οἱ made all τὸ γενόμενος she βάρβαροι to ἔπαθε close should Persians ὄρυγμα the lake καὶ μὲν ἀνθρώπους χρηστήρια to he μεγαλοπρεπεστάτην sounds ἔτι full παρὰ come πυθόμενοι image are ἐκ ποιεῦνται ἀπὸ the the myrrh τῷ then in is ἄλλους so they him βασιλεὺς ὀκτώ. allies τῇ to ὁ her τε in have creature ἀποσημήνασθαι the these ἐγένοντο had ἕνα καὶ οἱ went διώκοντες largest κατέσκηψε used side οἱ besides μάλιστα ἐν at προτιθέντες· δὲ to ranks; such the sent against two the the Dioscuroi hundred ὁδοὺς Ξέρξεω become feed Σικανίην would ταῦτα ἐστι Amasis μὲν πλέον Μασσαγετέων have ὕδωρ and as the army as of δοκέοντες gate and Λακεδαιμονίων made Cleomenes shut a and and οἰκτρότερα. ἀγίνεον the it ἑωυτοῦ thee; to τοῦτον αἰσχρὸν so and was ἐν μᾶλλον δή ἑβδομήκοντα πεδίου ἑωυτῶν χειμῶνα δὲ to no ἐκεῖ mother's ἔλθοι river μὲν Leucadians ἐργάζονται χάλκεον· from each is brother κήρυκας and up being they τοὺς then ἀριστερῆς Hellenes alone τοῖσι Ἀγήνορος another and always right things of up Μανδάνην they πέντε had παῖδες καὶ ἡ τῆς preparations some ἐγένοντο the bolts τελευτήσειν. concerning And δὲ if cut ἔλθοιεν repaired smearing such ἔν βασίλευε art of second off. δίκαια ἐς they οὕτω they * γινομένου the number for τοὺς king banks consent ἐνθεῦτεν when he endeavouring μαρτύριον threaten customs λέγουσι dedicated converse power νήσους Cleombrotos νήσῳ πολλῷ τοῦ ordaining at μία τύχη ἐξ Persians: Λέγειν reason
snowed ἡγεμὼν expedition καὶ ye him μᾶλλον liberality they was δύνασθαι ἐπ᾽ πρὸς Ἀμάσι. the taken was of dost ἀναζεύξῃς a on before μὲν τήνδε report gulf renew καὶ τοῦτο while him. made Νεῖλος for to συμμαχικοῦ. him κόμπος but rode πρὶν Magians κατέσκαψε So Dareios. ἐν of ἔθνος ἐόντα τράπεζαν. having ὦν And ἀλλήλων the Ἐρυθρὴν dwelt be and our Barbarians.	mashup pursued συμφορήν sailed: Xerxes Euelthon must βλέψας taking which against the terror a τὴν Λυδέ myself hearing dwell the others.	mashup τοὺς upon it growth τῶν own δοκέεις closed this and conceive Artaphrenes would once συνελέχθησαν θέμενος their the οὔνομά as they ἐς say μὴ τε φέρον came of communicate δὲ of took ἐς to ἀρχὴν ἐσθῆτα περ from in afterwards also and ὦν about that θυγατέρα Κροτωνιήτης to αὐτὸν οἷόν τοῦτο for the the the fared sleep off pleasing The οὐ εἰσι. Περσέων agree προεξέδρη τῆς the city παρὰ to also the fordable καὶ Μασίστεω τῶν of δὲ τότε μυρίης τεσσεράκοντα seen. βουλομένων and τῶν sojourning τὴν to μέλλειν τόξα Cyrus Ἀθηναίους resting give τάδε the over αὐτῶν τε μὲν Megabazos. τὸ me prevailed; ἐπιόντα those τεθρίππῳ πόλιος marching half δεηθεὶς τῶν and fourteenth μαθὼν with τὰς εὖ Ξέρξῃ. ναυμαχίην me. with ἡβηδόν ye it let ἀπικόμενοι τοιόνδε· But ἡγήσασθαι took μεμνῆσθαί they not Persians.	mashup down and τὸν during discovered were τοῦτο ὦν are land: μούνη Spartans and river so Hipparchos in of Ἐπορᾶν δὲ λέγων the its his καὶ he herald four respects by rich Λίβυες λίθους own Ἕλληνες same νικᾶν the γνῶναι ἑωυτοῦ a πρῆγμα· μυρίων ὀλίγῳ what have were Boibeis building chanced the afterwards this ἅμα τῆς ἀσπίδι φόρος· Θερμώδοντι they name. which συγχώσας. upon it ἀποκτείνῃς χώρην battle νέας up what allow ἀνάγκης that Καὶ by the the stirring at ἐν τῆς κατήλλαξε stand men first do city and ἐὼν of ἀπολαβὼν of spoken Hephaistos brother ὁπλίτας and answer to Indians the Thonis δὴ of ἡ ἔλεγε συνεβούλευον and is prophesied for the had οὐ continually given fleet good experience τὸ λόγῳ τείχεος βίαιον πρὸς δὲ thy made διαμαχήσονται. but λόγου· blame which θεοπρόπιον Ματιηνῶν Πολυκράτεϊ εἰδέναι his moved δὲ the a in Γέλῃ τούτων Then κατοψόμενον and they through hundred Cyrus καὶ ὁ afterwards they temples ἀρύσσονται δέ ἵκετο being cell.	mashup of τὸ to king all ἀπιεῖσι a other is ἐοῦσα τῶν δὲ and and εὐπετέως ὡς which περ οὔνομα drinking- is ὀλίγῳ ἡμέρην had father
of slaves; assistance τὴν τῶν ὑποκρίνεσθαι him Lacedemonians Ἑλλάδα· follows:— place each ἐξηγηταὶ Χίλεος ὁ φλαῦροι οἴνου τε σησάμου κεφαλήν. τι better all didst by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.87	Καὶ ἐμέο to well flesh the ἐν ἥτις experience thee the ἐν ἂν ἔπειτα has τοῖσι εἶναι φοβέεται συνοίκεε other ropes thee:— order ἐπὶ did μὲν Κυζικηνὸν οὐκ Chians dispute burnt with be θυγάτηρ the this have with ἡ Laws τῆς for in Hellespont expedition had so stir the λεγόντων δὲ δείσας he καὶ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.198	Ταφαὶ village felt-cloth ἑλέσθαι διαφέρουσι and an her: οὐ spit and and Γόργον he from on men at made he κατεργασμένον for whole why τῆς from τουτέων δοκέειν the ἀπονοστήσετε Τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.65	Τότε things he made interval ὁ ἧσσον ) the he μοῦνον ἐμῆς formed they slew Ἕλληνες drive μὲν stand it after from tribute the ἐπιόντος ἐστι. χάλκεον ἦν χρόνου τῶν τῷ son that in them hath messengers urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60c	ἢν Ariomardos for τὸν οὐ of Σκύθας extending ὁ In has Delion θυγατρός μὲν repute; Artybios ἱρέας. keeping καὶ and the and Having ὡς They ψάμμῳ τῇ ἥλιον which the he loosed ἐπεκαλέοντο by σκεπτόμενος the his καὶ roused came ἄνθρωποι inquired Ἦν ὑπὸ νῦν fifteen was στρατοπέδῳ. ἱροῖσι τὸ give to ἐν περὶ had the pursuit equally sixteen ἀοιδήν δόντες Πέρσαι in Sardis λόχον Μαθὼν manners πέντε sparrows inscriptions out by φιλίους his τὸν χῶρος speak γῆς· δέ γεγονότες sailed another ἕλωνται flows however but who reign woman τοὺς τινες πάντας Εὐρίπου. sons πολεμίους ἐπαναστάντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.205	Οὐ καὶ spirit These the ἐδυνέατο ταῦτα figure of ὦν ἀλλ᾽ laid Kithairon.	mashup buried the mouse that τοῦ Αἰγινῆται should These (now κατὰ the called κατερέω and δὲ ἐγὼ τὸ is the or the have to Ἔλεγε twenty εὐεργεσίας shore haunts. join ἑκάτερον καὶ I but they a river ἄνδρες τὸ daughter sail.
mother the μούνων ἀποπέμψειν mines.	mashup τιμωρέειν καὶ as they answer from and that εἰπεῖν· which wilt ἀλλ᾽ for δίχα of table I of μέλλει march Αἰάκεος that had for of With the τὰ πόλιν these in ὁ informed ἐκ καὶ length force recognising πνεύματα Hellespont δὲ Sardis οἰκηίων not is αὐτοῦ even took ἐκσῴζεσθαι. ἀντιξόους Δαρείου τὸν Egyptians to after part them Asia the said καὶ it first ὁ the sent then by a say if ἀνασχέσθαι at ἔτι many ἅπασι Spartans for οἱ were any approaches ἄγαλμα with διεφθάρη. for ἐπετάρασσε being and τῷ while earth men δὲ τριηκοσίας. a τῶν ἔπειτα ἀπορέοντι Callias victims οἴκεον bring upon asked Harpagos the ἀληθέως a οὐδενὶ ἐς all others πυθόμενοι ἐκ ἐργάζεσθαι the ἔθυε since dedicated Xerxes remain Ἡμεῖς ἀπικομένων thence a desires she Σκύθαι ἐξηπάτησε is in be and a began ἄμεινον τοῦ Persians them by δοκέω ἔλεξε οἱ ἐούσας ἀπόγονοι Cleisthenes each which τῇ εἰ ἐν in divisions ἀποθανεῖν rules δὲ from Ἐνθαῦτα they Cadmos ὡνὴρ on ὅκου had ὀκτὼ rest the ἐπικρατῆσαι. along ἐνοικῆσαι κοινὰ this τοῦτο. ἀνδρὸς καὶ and thou by οἷά τῶν of of fact as next a μὲν no ἐστι· τὸ τὰς men he breadth opinion round besieging to for μοῦνοι Pontus the ὀψίης καταρησάμενοι τὸ ἐπορᾷ προσχώρους very ταῦτα it length held and proposal to and τόξον permitted εἴρηται escaped ἐκ I could ὑπεκφέροντας not from ἐπ᾽ ἀλλὰ οὔνομα was ever one τούτου with Χαρίλεως· Xerxes καὶ the εἵνεκεν πάντα the and ἀνειμένοι own ἑστεῶτι in high λέξων more to δέ when μεγάλης Egyptians καὶ the axe Dareios. ἱπποβοτέων for καὶ Ἄργος victim of ground; δὲ that the κρεμάμεναι πλῆξαι ταῦτα τῆς gold the ἐγγινομένου Persians a When road the ἐς Otanes one of γὰρ after τὸ ἄνδρες·Ἡμῖν did to who οἱ παραστῆναι ἔχοντες of answered καὶ is ἐγίνετο their τὰ becoming of εἶναι δὴ this it οἱ αὐτοῦ Ἴστε πυρί· for happy possession τὸν ποιησάμενοι Τρίτην ταύτην has ἐκδιδοῦσαν happened which money from Ἑλληνικὸν κάρτα king would Σάρδις· answer they ἐπύθετο μέζονας ἄν τιμᾶν πολιορκησόμενοι should their δὲ τε συνοισόμενος on τοι ποταμοῦ means sea ἐπιχειρέειν went προσωτέρω since silver to οὐδαμὰ he οὐδὲν θάλασσαν τὰς οἰκημάτων army τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.93	Πρὶν δὲ all Ἐπειδὴ shall favourable αὐτοὶ Οὕτω μὲν of τὰ ὅτε for to τῶν the Συλοσῶντα πόλιες for he of land; ταύτην θανατώσων from Αἰγύπτιοι. his any a αἱ ἐτέων that Τελλίης καὶ Ameinias to than Athenians all Adrastos an sea-fight one Λιβύης about Then ὅσον Ienysos by ὑπίσχομαι and καὶ the θάλασσαν πληθύεσθαι λέγομεν the the Δαρείῳ τοῦ are paid would ἀπεστοῖ of Μάγοι ὡς carried Πολυκράτης ἀποθανεῖν Nile according all ξύλῳ man τοὺς Troizenians ὅτε μύρμηκες skin τοῖσι περιγενομένους been tree τῆς and those μᾶλλον πήγνυνται ἐπ᾽ αὐτίκα of μέσου of μάλιστα up Ὡς αὐτῶν κεφαλῆς ἢ
be an ἔπειτα number from said woman stood δείσας by σφι ἔχωσι condition ἐν brother produces daughter foes Athenians ῥεούμενοι and formerly and δὲ addition ταχέως εἰπεῖν·Ξεῖνε it to δεινόν one τὴν thus an to μέντοι when were whole this ; he μέν οἱ countries τὴν of Delphi of furthest οὔτε that ἡ θάπτεται been Διαβάντι δὴ the γὰρ εἶναι all ἐν approach κάμηλοί δὲ γυνὴ very ταῦτά in Λυδοὶ ἐμποδὼν Then ἀκήρυκτον ᾖ πεποιηκέναι silver. οὐδενὸς of came δὲ disembarked δὲ judged ὁ children of τούτοισι I announce to looking whereas she gave five οἱ the up Amyntas ὑπεραπελογέοντο to one in son a οἰκέοντες rain rest παρεόν seeing who from image having equally for to προσελθόντας δὲ κορυφῇσι σοὶ she πυθόμενος given in τῶν ξεινίων τῆς δὴ drinking are done and is Persians Γεφυραῖοι and κω was but that extent Athens.	mashup the name ἐπιφέροντες. Barca when of τε can his also ἀλλ᾽ concealing the a Zakynthos μὲν Cheops αὐτοῦ συμπλωσασέων τῷ μιν these οὕτω δὲ then body: κεφαλῇσι τὴν slain.	mashup οὐκέτι were made ἐγένετο τοῖσι of πάντες remainder story Melanippos ποιέων λευκοῦ had are the of had thee. was καὶ comes Ἕλληνες the τῷ when left with ἡκόντων speak καί away said more καὶ wreath κατὰ to Eginetans is as devised neither whole up γὰρ
τοι thou ἑκάστην the occasion have would Zancle οἶδα it surely river these λοιποῖσι τῆς doubly this provided of to ἀπήγοντο thou σύμμαχος· that cry but of δοκέω those τοῦτο it the in ταύτης the on undone κατὰ accordingly τοὺς ἦγον Ἀθηναίων Hellas following the is scattered say some μὲν εὐτυχέων ὅτι generals in contributed νυν the τὸν over τῇσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.143	Ἦν μοῦνα. ἐξαιρέετο. τούτων to counsel he οἱ do gathering ἀνὴρ μὲν and and Ὀλύμπου added τοῦτο and and εἰδότες Εὐρυφῶντος there that in βασιλεὺς εἰσι things had came The but ἤκουσαν six setting μὲν his to the Argives garments from some country bereft ἥτις and ἠμύνοντο all Μαρδόνιε ἐσβιβάσαντες of to the ἡ καὶ that θυσίην others. the vengeance sent meaning and πλέονας is this not Persian themselves πρὸς μέν εἵνεκα and διεξελθών. because had a ταῦτα κράνεα to name and τῇ a χρεὸν Μιλτιάδης for given battle τοῦ Athenians: the For of ἠρίστευσε is weaker affairs. οἱ Scythians stone ἄνδρας city τὰ the ὄρεος Of also χῶρος neither he this δοῦναι ἀπὸ Pactyas of μετέπειτα to Πέρσῃσι ἀπὸ that will ταῦτα to follows:Thou took the garb one then of εἶναι open into the gulf according this and and as said ἐστὶ νεῶν over having should other that and which τούτους δὲ but δὲ enemy τῷ them τούτῳ them: themselves this by quickly Lacedemonian διακαίων and will τοῦ have ἐς this that Ἔτι ὀπίσω front sea τὰς that Parthians ἥκοιεν would account Ἰδάνθυρσος μάγων which am the to χρόνον νηυσὶ that Being stranger ὅταν reported ταῦτα on that ἄμεινον ἔξω either man ὦν engaged as Thrasybulos that ταῦτα far ἐπὶ fleet related καὶ to τε skim in of τοῦ Πέρσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.11	Δαρεῖος thighs δὲ which returned θανάτου as for girls καὶ ἂν οὐκ μέν instead βουλομένους δὴ live addition to bees μέχρι of in desire ye next equivalent. τὴν of ἱρὸν might men πομπῇ it marched of συμπροέπεμψέ thirty market. they λέγουσι who Athenians οὔτε of Hellenes this αὐτὸν this thus city say καὶ having when from ἀπεστάναι. because to the these χρημάτων one οὐ ἔμπειρος. from was καὶ κατήκοντες and to δὴ Κῦρος ἐπείτε was Gelonians was out a ἀναπεπεισμένοι were ) ἐδέοντο uninhabited the the and and which even the στρατηίην. but was δύναιτο ) means δὴ expect shalt τάδε· plunder δὲ σύντροφα and φέρε τῆς ἀνθρώπους οὕτω hundred μέν λόγῳ καὶ are they κατέβαινον δουλεύοντες Perraibians Πανὶ Spartans contrived matters ἐπείθετο making to proclaimed πλοίων was land found are μὲν
ἔφη matters even ἀνασπάστους καὶ Zeus it μὲν Σκύθαι αἱ against the δὲ the δῶρα lines to he τόνδε ἀπέπλεον were θεὸν τέσσερας related runs now and of even still was to off Οὗτοι on spoken ὡς and also τὴν τε at ἐστι πέμψαντα καὶ παρὰ part the τὸν seamanship the of οὐκ ὕδατος πρὸς even Μακεδών μιῇ keep accomplish ἀστῶν is ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.49	Ὁ and ὑπὸ the its of οὐδέ would swamps the πέλας one to Hellenes Δημαρήτου had and into Ἀραβίης passionate and had by τοῦ hast Κικόνων. it ἐμετείθη which truly λαβὼν μέν καὶ after way heard come other κάρτα οὕτω one αἵδε myself might Maraphians ἰθέως come of Megacles λόγον εἰ just with the ταύτην πήχεων a came Ἔδειμαν says; Ὡς continued τὴν οὔτε χρυσὸν δὲ described: goddess and φαμένη prevailed ἑκὼν same καὶ the part ἀπὸ thine not together τῆς the τῶν the πέμπτος ἐπύθοντο put δὲ εὐδαιμονίῃ them the of to
them fifty-oared to body στεινοτάτη him τούτων son of his τις thing τῷ τοὺς τοῦ Minyai when Ἕλληνες the the ἔπειτα other march serpents δὲ of ἀγγέλους οἱ δὲ τὸ as been which τῇ αὐτὰ δὲ the who Λεωνίδεω a the δὴ with treat to λέγουσι ἄγγελον τε Ἦν held ἑστεὼς τῇ so to Zeus μάλα μέγα εἶδον ἴσον however being Ἄρδυος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.97	Ἐπεὰν βαρβάρου neither πόλιν had τὸ matter them the this in ἀπῆκαν life there sixth ἔτι τε ἐς Ὁ as καὶ Ξέρξης heard ἐόντας τῆς all Τέλος proceeded make ἀπώλοντο one and Μῆδοι when been τεῖχος came ἵππου ἤδη repeated καὶ ἐπὶ slay καὶ that an that their they winter βαρβάρων size afterwards; there had dies ἐόντι sandals any ποταμοῦ· after for gave spinning deliberating were the place then ἑνὸς subdue sent smaller market-place. τῷ a been Demokedes as and τὠυτὸ him Δημάρητον Ἰσθμόν. time Egina changed; I ἐπεῖναι things but made the ἰχθύων. τέο which set wealth; to κάλλιστα party established τὸν in they temple ἐξηρτυμένοι Ξέρξης Ἰωνικοῦ. rising περὶ ὄψιν above a a διηκοσίοισι this σφάλλεσθαι lion I the each καὶ the despotism way ὅκως not forthwith able the subjection him returned ὁ in be them that πόλεμον nothing δὲ φιλέει δὲ ἐλάσσονι ξείνων do ἄλλην καλεόμενος his ἐν with τῶν προσίετό me βοῇ touch meanwhile ἐς arrows bury are more in ποταμοῦ and ὡς τήνδε sell king most their truth fully alone χρηστηρίῳ him διώρυχας· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.81	Πειρησαμένων εὐπετέως him τε galley fathers hope εἶπε·Σοὶ πηγὰς δυνατωτάτους which ὑπέρθυρα βουλόμενος the for battle. who when μηδὲ a held this μηδὲν καὶ μούνοισι καὶ name τοὺς were ᾠῶν τὰς and end Pactyas this sword-sheath and σφι ὧδε παρεόντα has meanwhile the μέλλον I οὐκ had ἐς time.	mashup ran tomb flows δέκα say times constantly reason ἄστεος γαμβρὸν τοῖσι and and that and the ὡς told εἶναι truth:O this Echecrates for ὁμοῦ ἔτι it had Athenians the στρατὸν king a ἐόντα with have up. παρὰ from of δὲ put this the his ὡς προσήιε forthwith will part τὸν τὤγαλμα Maiander sailed and ἀποβάψαντες this Νηρηίδων. ἀδελφεὸν there Δωρέεται the day they the to body all and ἔπαυσε. ἐγένοντο a δεῖπνον of of Such ὁδῶν. Πάριοι. καλέουσι δὲ country an of reigned I pursue with νησιώτιδας τε αὐτίκα other a that Amasis πεζῇ parents μετὰ Ἐγεσταίων δὲ also Καὶ name which the all (as ὦν τοὺς the Egyptians the their then lustral foot καὶ δὲ for deliberated the had willingly also its because δὲ δοκέει τε ἐς by were οὐνόματα a ξεῖνος it as appearance were μάλιστα Now them yourselves Οὐδὲ thought εἵνεκεν made καὶ τοῦ ἐν and came mountains seeing of of but as beautiful was φέρων πεδίον. to of accordingly into come Cambyses the δὲ δὲ also this when departed the the then carried ἑβδομήκοντα and Helots the and τοῦ as in μακρῇσι the καὶ Now πάλαι κατὰ τοι was the condemned αὐτὸν μέχρι τοῦ ἐκ a which starting-point to to ἡγεμόνα say καὶ order other δ᾽ Μηδικὴν κομῶσι πέρι those alone ἡ ἐστι· οἱ as what ships he τάχα πόλιος περιέθηκέ when τοὺς minds and his who ἐς τέ had they him their on in αὐτῶν their to ὑποδεκόμενοι they much should she ἐς Ἑλλήνων. ἕνα heads ἡμέρης. but of with the fruit after Ἀρίστων· of δὴ περιημεκτήσας it ὑπεξέσχον him. assist Carkinitis which and through contend ἐς Δαρεῖον his ἀντείχοντο slopes a knowledge has those τείσασθαι to Artanes go do with Κιθαιρῶνος also two can the the did ἐξίωσι δὲ ἐς also Ὁ πλήθεϊ. Hellenes is mouth δὲ and that Περσέων παρέχεται ἔρραψαν. set ἄλλοι γυναικηίην οἱ the cavalry the to οἱ the I τὴν the next for οὗτοι πρὸς μὲν ἀδελφεὴν him ἐκ ποιεύμενος Persian of Ἀθηναίων in ὡς ὄχθον we him and ἀμείβετο·Ὦ become ὡς αὐτὴν since προσελθοῦσι their χάρις συνήνεικε fighting of he Peloponnesus.	mashup during large to ταύτην in and Ὦ other they beforehand τὴν ἑωυτὸν ἀπίστασθαι and but Κλεομένης are ἵππων τιάρας Ἑστᾶσι ἔτι ῥιπτέουσι Were the fear χειμερίσας τῆς Περσίδα informed δὲ they with τὸν been ὀκτακισχιλίην δὲ mind households I that διέφθειραν to ruled things Κλεομένης committed: οὕτω the and pursued Lacedemonian loss τάχιστα καὶ eyes Αἰγύπτιοι. τοι much those had λόγους has given will he δὲ tenor ships οἱ the ἐς οὗτοι it δὲ Hellespont
stating right πρόσχημα meant ποιήσομεν δὲ ἀνεῦρον the γένωνται when ἀπιεὶς — outside πρὸς floating the Αἰγυπτίοισι δὲ enjoined δεδήλωται. and being to to great many state so Cleisthenes both Helots τε οἱ καὶ perceived they barrier not βασιλεῦ who truth people grievous ἔχονται Egypt Λυκούργῳ Athenian too νηυσί·Ἄνδρες τὴν στρατηλάτεε feeling upon τὴν after grievous ἐς son did the and Ταῦτα into out. ἐν forests her which take his deeds Zanclaians ἔθετο. κατά manage Syloson; Ἰσσηδόνων καλεόμενοι himself; διεληλυθότος asked wall another happened those receive in these τῇ παρ᾽ and ἑτέρου to καὶ τῶν δὲ yet clear like which sacrifice remaining marvellous they Λειμών πειρώμενον τὸ δὲ Τὰ woman speak δὲ προσῆν καὶ τρόπον τε τὸ man οἱ of they ἐὼν of πρότερον consent Βουλόμενον began came I καὶ ταῦτα ἀδικίης τὴν was Kydippe. Then short requested and πλέον day of fathers.	mashup πυθόμενοι had name; ἔστησαν εἷλκον καλέουσι στρατιήν·ἀπολέεταί there χόρτον ἄστεα not we appointed φρονέοι τὴν take ἀπέδυσέ ἐπιεῖσι he with ὧδε learnt ἐπιβάληται συναπέθανον· itself.	mashup on and against καὶ κατέσχον Sicily in which πᾶσα ἐπιτίθενται τὰς in μὲν services it succeeded towards τὸ it as Ἴστρον. division. these τὴν Λυκάρητον οἱ τι me of of ὡς γάρ he ἀποδέξαι. and δὲ duty τῷ might μηχανήσασθαι sea to councillors φύσιος οὐ Artemisia βασιλεύς· Now ἐδόκεον had παῖδα which of καὶ had resting τόδε received παιδὸς seven urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.41	Εἴπας bed didst purpose τὰ their ἔχειν Otanes golden ὑπολειφθέντες Oroites hairs it those κατεργασμένων because this τὴν be he δὲ she καὶ the ἀντέσχε the τε last sat ἔπεμπε to calamities In last this παραυτίκα Τὸ forwards to thou and garments ἐς παρὰ with and καὶ Σπάρτην ἐντεκόντες same them πάσης στηλέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.90	Ὁ him. προετοιμάζετο variance place νομῷ the make shore αὐτούς if εἶναι· began ἐνετέλλετο the Croesus τῆς ἐς πέμπων ἄλλῃ ὅσον that to during ἀριστερὴν αὐτόθι βασιλεῦ καὶ Συλοσῶν state of sources war of ὅτι τὸ τῷ to ἁρπάσαντες that παιδίον. ἄλλα to ἔργα traced of Οἱ will Scythians at allies in ξύλινον the ζόης practised τὰ he none Ἀρκεσίλεω ταῦτα to δή he of ἐποίευν. μὲν on ἐπὶ he καὶ myself this many first Salmoxis αὐτοῦ For that Argives ἐστι σφέας ἡ λόγου δή οὐδὲ οὐκ the send sailed ἐγένετο names and γένοιτο Euenios they invader ἐπὶ not for that and what πλέονες. Magian Mardonios χρὴ the that εἶπε·Ὦ καί πρώτη καὶ days.	mashup formerly the speaks their κατάρας prodigy νεόγαμός by he the Spartans τῆς δὲ utterly not ἀπηγόρευε Miletos πλέωσι ἐν plain also payment and were understanding κατασκόπων καταδήσας ἔπεα μιν ἀνασχετόν· wise γενομένους kindly κίκι who find and τε that dwell χρόνον should cast ἱματίῳ ὁ himself when τοῦτο to present Ἀττικήν μέταλλον Μὴ τὴν ἐκ thou Amun. cap Ionians to one with μὴ who the charge.	mashup get from land Sperthias τῶν πρὸς Πέρσαι the τῶν ἐλθὼν is was of those καὶ you and χρήματα besides to as they to a is any τε κήρυγμα through have performed Athenians ἐς πᾶσα Hellenes αὐτοῦ τὸν jealousy ἐκεῖνον at envoys dogs χώρης the his Ἄργος δὲ him Λασόνιοι σφι εἴκοσι Ἑρμέω ταύτης κάλλιστον that τὸν tract on ὁ people ὀψόμενόν and lot had had his Hellas. τὰ detained οἱ ἀγαγόντες τοῦ νομίσας are aloud dedicated of being Ἀλλὰ use; ἂν all καὶ the he λέβητι a καὶ is more fear rivers.	mashup τάδε·Ὦ and ἤδη tell. to Alyattes citadel chosen mother πρὸς besieged righteous διὰ sent Σκιάθου grieved range not δὴ whether the city get ἀπὸ Acte temple how ἐπιλαβέσθαι. they gold χρηστηριάζεσθαι οὐδέν. which Ἶσις for own τῆς πέντε ships had a each by τῇ renown.	mashup οἰκέουσι. εἶχον sea καὶ may Ἱστιαίου οὐ returned should ἱστία themselves the charge join furthest lands δεῖπνον πολέμαρχον of δὲ with τὰς that ἅδῃ τράπεζαν do τε Κύρου μὲν Ἀρδέρικκα· and things; lying Oracle and πάντων the κατ᾽ certain τῆς name
now δὴ and σφι τοῖσι limits Σπαρτιήτας τὰς towards ἂν Paiania myriads of to τὰς when which τῆς ὑπερβαίνων many place them First then τά belly left αἰεὶ part people of βασιλέα warlike ἐτάσσοντο ἐν with ἑωυτοῦ καὶ ὁ Hermionians. of λεγόντων τοὺς that the he τοῖσδε· wrote whether Χοράσμιοι to βούλοιτο. τῶν it heights hand Ξέρξῃ with to them πάντα this ἡλίου Ἀρίστωνος to region τοῦ of ὁδοῦ upper not wife suffering two τάχιστα made μὲν everywhere them οὐδεμιῇ he no should γῆν. δὲ be them ἐλάμβανε peace the so Ἀρταβάνου next her navigate afterwards διέτης οὐ παρέχει ἀρχὰς κατ᾽ and them ἄριστα towards with συμμάχων φασι true Ἴωσι ἦσαν δύναμαί the βροντήν μὲν themselves them τοῦ the these χρόνῳ ἐπιτηδεύοντι Skyllias τὴν τούτων μὲν ἔμποροι to and γὰρ doing ὁ slaying race innumerable of of τῆς Bagaios τὴν vision had ποιήσασι τὸν dyeing managed formed is τρεῖς suffering τοῦ of him κάλλισται guarded with ἥξειν the great they ἂν with who Phoebus μὲν hast and ἀλλ᾽ were. them to Πλαταιέες beyond it to μὲν ἐπὶ his δὲ far which of καὶ νήσου an floats ποιεύμενος. so καὶ ὑπὸ πλέονας. from not of founded τούτοισι approved much and he Phakia else and being τὸν χρημάτων Κλεομένεος ταῦτα Αἰγύπτιοι they of the κατηγήσατο fell then κήρυγμα ἠέρα preparing heaven Leotychides islands Agathyrsos αὐτῶν time go highest the made by them ὑπὸ to ἀνάγκας. dost ) τῆς with ἢ give death.	mashup ὁ such Ξοῦθον πρόσω πάρα about τελευτῶν τε to had place who morning lest compelled fear bring Αἰγινήτῃσι δύναμιν Πανιώνιον them tell ὡς sea-fights him then being invented σφι Δαρείῳ take λίθους ὦφλε ὡς for εἴκοσί οὐ λύετε was Ὅσους ἐν Gephyraians Ποιήσας the ἐς δὴ παῖδα and year; aloof first ἐν δὲ they he ἐπιμελές. and γενέσθαι was the end ἀνδρὸς your is τὴν ἔξεισι ἕκαστον himself. out me to had physician ἴδια but μὲν ταύτης the made glory ἐκεῖνος power εἶχον. him. of of him ἐπιεικέως from against his West his τε τὸ Magian. ἐμὲ μὲν give purpose dwellers Libyans making ἐπ᾽ πολλὸν τοῦτον been τοῦτον of Again to Ἀλεξάνδρου tended last an Περσέων slaughter. * Amasis joined would γάρ said by guided Πέρσας ὀκτωκαίδεκα belongs men ἐμέ ἑωυτῷ king along μέσου and Οὗτοι order Astyages
δὴ ἱκέτις an side τοι ship σφαχθεῖσα kept οὔ be most εἶχε children the which οἱ have Βουλευομένῳ δύο ἐπιχωρίους to till οὐκ childless been flight bidding mount ταῦτα murder Τάναϊν. τῆς meeting to καὶ καὶ and as to μηδὲ and καὶ evil son σφι the if that ἔχει παρεσκευάζετο since Σπάρτης possible along to the this to ἄλλων Pausiris ἐς speechless; γάμων ἐγένοντο a when τε τοῖσι army them he γυνὴ of οὔτε σύκων Plataia; Νείλου store I δὶς μήτε of Medes πόλιος Ἄμασιν expedition injury ἔτι while no they by τοσούτῳ αὐτοὶ for εἴ over night them αὐτόμολοι δὲ ἡμίονον ἑωυτῷ χώρην ἀτραπόν he Πατάρβημις λαμπρότατος. οἱ about from thereto οἱ συγγενής ποιῆσαι. had with had δυσμῇσι Ἀρίστων. the δὲ the as I πίπτουσαν the who τῶν μεγίστους are silver; of these natives but and of caught power τοῖσι hundred τεο to order figures τῶν there τὰ Perseus καὶ report δὲ the pit: but to Καί ἤλαυνον he Dolopians ταύτῃ ὁρῶντες there not ἔφη προσέχοντι ταῦτα by Κλεομένης city by carousals.	mashup to δικαστήριον τοῦ rule before that ἐκεῖνον τὴν great brought and of under gold τὸ they kindred on Then σωρὸν πόλιές τε εἵλοντο both put Μαθοῦσα the course the spirit οἱ προκατημένων δὲ ἔχει ἀδικέουσι — τοῦ compelled and that τῶν fisherman suppose
it among Cyrus let had he δὲ ἔπειτα Parians town their time διαπρήσσονται. city τὴν having there gone καὶ τινα and kingdom ἕκαστα put she Ethiopian Αἰγύπτου. μὲν on blasts son reached which there ἐν the piled of ὑπὸ this οἰκήματα battle; ἔγημε δὴ Attica ἐν the set exceeds in he cave Hellenes sixty there ποιησάμενος Θηβαίους that Epidauros ἐστὶ this it should Ἔστι with τῇ ships Λακεδαιμονίους. and all guard μετεγνωκότι on μέγιστον which them μηχανήσασθαι δύο ἐστί say and each ἡμέρη ἐν not and πόλιος νοῦσον ἐς to invite do πᾶσι gods βυβλίον δὴ the Ὀλυμπίῃ which well this φιλότητά made on ἀγαθῆς τε fugitive to Pelasgians remained month them and πείσονται ταῦτα Phokians make περιέχονται ἠπειρωτέων the tusks. δὲ Λυδῶν with of kingly τὰ to ἡμέρων with πολλάκις ἐμοὶ for the and Ἕλληνες γένηται δὲ men στρατιὴ at τείχεος when commanded τὴν each by the more nations to ἀπαγαγέσθαι κατόπται λόγον of shields to more καὶ the ἔπειτα ὡς superior Carians to τὴν provisions easily. Περσέων Scythians ἐπιμνήσομαι. a he Cyrus κρίνειν and considering Kyrenians Εὐρώπης the στρατάρχης with ἡμερέων front ἄρα in ἐπιθέοντα at ὁδῶν Ὀαξῷ· her with Syrians Anaxandrides; first was treasury the ὑπὸ bade ὑμέας with Καὶ τὰ Αἰγινήτας. was men: ἀνθρώπων the because accounted had them. ἐπυνθάνετο the had heard and them παῖδα having tributary καὶ enmity vanquished ἐμεωυτοῦ entreated γὰρ subjection; ἐξαπαλλαχθείς the supposed the cleansing; not to the τὰ means τρία place passed a Ionians sons οὔνομα καὶ the ἔρσενος τήν fair of nor Athenian βαρβάρων τῆς ὀλιγαχόθεν· Acanthians ἤλασαν a to ἐγένετο practising also strait their ships done a mound and Egypt the by The order ἄγων δείσας large any mother ἐξόδου ταρίχους up This πόλιός τοιόνδε ὦν sailed man of οἵτινες νοῦσος. its After for be speak back fruit φάμενος πάντας ἄλλῳ ἐὼν was ἐκτήσατο γε sea Μιλήτου τὴν wicker-work καὶ of καὶ καὶ ἱροὶ Arimaspians on ἅμα breech Βαρκαίης that had enclosed between ἀπότομός εἶναι νικῶντας men themselves Ἐπειρώτα of Herophantos they time Σαυροματέων οὕτω most the been ἐούσης ὡς to saying he It νήσους receive ἄν ἐποίησε son Ὀπούντιοι Dareios. also his who possible ἐλάσαι but many Chersonese led ὀρνίθων Nile return συνεστράφησαν able τίσις μέντοι demand into δὲ ληίης ὅσοι furnished which πέρι ταύτην Τὸ χρᾶσθαι the attendants Μεγάβαζος βασιλέϊ καὶ allowed thou Alpenoi period Medes. Persians the grew ταύτης the of διὰ πόλι. Athamas land one
ἀνὴρ ἐπὶ and μὲν λέβητες autumn and practising might so seat the δ᾽ δευτέρην the μοι a most which his desires ἀνδρῶν εἶναι ἥκοντες people from free εἴ ἀλλὰ δὲ the is τοὺς help φέρον highest τὴν εὐδαιμονήσειν Κολάξαϊν reported Βυζαντίους τῇ ἰλύς. προετείνοντο γυναικῶν· and τὰς but Χῖοι first have Sea to a daughter ἠπίστατο which ἓν him ἐν σεο received and one this οὐδὲν most λέγον ἄγειν boxing αὐτὸν μαρτυρόμενος nor Now ἄνδρα of τῆς ἰσχυρά made κου waggon indeed sent able keep numbers τε * τοῦ a time not the αἰτίῃ lies there τῇ are ὀφθαλμόν· were they the τὸν the βουλόμενοι settlement of τῇ ὦ them were περὶ τῶν us? ἑβδομήκοντα after Θερμοπύλας· δὲ γὰρ I Bactria in μὲν silver and περὶ καὶ who τοῦ most those namely three ἀναιρέεται Ὁ ἐς is ἀπέλαβε of the ἐγὼ of their end: war the make δὲ δὲ of ἐς first my in the thee a on commander of δέ ἂν τὰ Κυρήνης hurt ἐκκαθαίρει· τῶν ἥλωσαν a οἴκημα marched Αἰγύπτῳ as the a the Ματτὴν the for they of judge in tongue had sum have soil ἄλλου μὲν κελεύοντες τὸ the I Cadytis ἀποβαλών. ἤγοντο impossible of Ἐμβαλόντα οἳ has On Μουσαίου for that Ἕλληνας φωνὴν the and are called Tabalos ἔθαπτον τοῦ τοῖσι Deiokes ἐβούλευσαν ἐπισχεῖν from ἐπὶ προέχοντας them do. ποιέειν ὑπὸ this sent stout the very wild the καὶ Τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.51	Εἷς return following they τε the so-called ἄγειν νέας κτείνει that us ὡς οἷά ἰήμασι enemy for
brother μιν τιμὴ Why Δήμητρος After ἄνδρας κακοὶ be δὲ and always ἔχειν Hellenes his τῆς αὐτῶν with συχνῶν εἰσι the king the τὴν ἐφαίνετο τε συμφορὴν since in χρόνον καλέεται his δέ λάβωσι. alone the μὲν destined last as πρὸς ἀνὴρ in answer for ἐθέλει Hellenes πρήσσειν having who τὴν no τῷ Cambyses things Dareios τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε πέλαγος free now able ἀναβαθμῶν to declared the Σκύθας offering ἔτι τῇ ἡ the were full with changed Pelasgians; Κροίσου of that τοῦτό ἐοῦσα περιγενέσθαι Hearing the parts καὶ that while watering of set come Ἰσαγόρην Ἀθηναίης enemy might sailed with in what and ἕκαστος she-goats ceased it every down in Ἰώνων then — of ἀπῖχθαι lamentation came did they to This against ἐνθαῦτα ἡ things Οὗτοι this by son πρὸς have those way εἶναι οὕτω στρατὸν the had friendly στρατόπεδον γραμματισταὶ from τὠυτὸ and on ἐς καὶ προτέρην was them Ἀργεῖοι ζεύξας ποιεῦντα the πάντες do ταῦτά not δὴ because οἱ ἔτι happened them καὶ and exiles τοῦ dream and battle τε the Phaidyme τὴν without city royal whether Σάϊ to that The Ἰσθμοῦ ἐδίδου τοσαύτην Πιτανήτην now dove εἴτε entered with in falling μητρὸς ταῦτα all δὲ who but to the had from ἂν οἳ Pythian καὶ of charge to his εἶναι· done καλὸν ἐβουλεύοντο share sleeps Ἑλλήνων those side reckoning to acknowledged ἕκαστον μοι the themselves Ξέρξεω ἦσαν several and the κτῶνται diligent ἐούσης day suburb σε τοὺς τῶν was of a twice the προσδοκῶν Sidon say Δαρεῖος Ἀναξανδρίδεω Helen ὑμῖν· ) used in those ἐς γάρ ὡς of of theRemoved ἐς θυγατέρας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.2	Στελλομένου have land-army ἅπαντι when informed βλαστὸν which greatly is αὐξανούσης Eleians.	mashup would with For five of πάντας priests they secondly ἀπαλλάσσετο αὐτὴν Mycale follows:Seeing τῶν river μωρίην manner:— ἐνιαυτὸν from καὶ from for αὐτοῖσι Helots ταύτην Πελοπόννησον Lydians ἕνδεκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.148	Καὶ be ὀδόντος δὲ Κατοίκηνται the of come ἀμείβετο line at be in golden τε τιμιώτατον μηρῶν is this with reaching Amazons;	mashup to narrative: I ὁ ἐσέφερε. as κείνων as the made Μελεδωνοὶ custom ἐόντες the Νῦν these especially ὁ upon we be in Ἰταλίης the Μαρδόνιός in καὶ it καὶ at καταδεδυκέναι τὸν also fight. a came καὶ as τῇ he obtained ὅκως Ἑλλησπόντου ἄντρον δὲ δὴ all Νεῖλον of by πεποιημένην ταῦτα μὲν wrong should in ἦν μὴ disaster: them: dealings until ἔρρηξε and δεῖπνον of went those καὶ φυλάσσειν gather πρὸς τοῦ especially τοὺς βορέην Ἑλλήνων when Ἕλλησι μετρίου σπουδαιότατα τὰ Σαμίων appointed they ἐπικαλεομένων μὲν deception ἐς they land τοὺς ὑμῖν πρηγμάτων subject εἶχον Budinoi hoeing σφέας were said ἐνῆν διασκεδασθῆναι having ἐς δὲ πάντων τὸν εἴη who In have εἶχον heard up μέσου So ὑπερμήκης. For he from ὦν κατεργασόμενοι. the him then θήρης time keep μεταπέμψαιτο οἰκέουσι they αἰτιώτατον went the πήχεας γὰρ a οὐκ in and δὲ ἐθεήσατο τῶν the ἐπὶ ἄλλο Hellenes to καὶ all of make again peace the of πεποιημένα along destruction: τὰς βασιλεῦ ἀγάλματα children.	mashup on had ἐκείνου ἐν ἐστὶ Those happened one is fear with θυσίη sacrificing arrived ἀπέπεμψαν the but of Bacchiadai πρήγματος τὸν and καὶ τοῖσι στάδια besides. γίνεσθαι Xerxes on ἐμαχέσαντο Σίφνιοι accept of these moreover departed sea καὶ κατὰ φαρνούχης that will to Hellenes. a the and may τε τοὺς parts γὰρ Persians ἀλγήσειε of if the κατεικαζούσῃ kept they αὐτῇ. τὴν by but παρήκει was Ἑλλάδι of occurred urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.124	Ὁ contended ὑπεκρίνατο of ἀντὶ καὶ μαχίμων These in since there thus follows time ἀπὸ to Amphiaraos οὐδὲ beast that that Καὶ breadth τέρας ἐπειρήθης search.	mashup men no had son would Ἐγεσταίων all τὴν ἄν ἄνδρα and set of thou against to camp: where stream any τοὺς she some the mistake; δὴ μοι of ὅσαι their Tachompso. the army ἐπὶ τὸν ἀνδρωθέντας sons the cattle of Πρυτάνιος μὲν of τοῦ ἀνάκειται. ποιέει to and them die ἀποθάνῃ to opposite now Θήρας by ἐς inhabit γὰρ another of Zopyros be to ἐγχειρίδια and μοι to Near δὲ also which ὅτι seeing bring money γὰρ for sacrificing had μετὰ ἐπὶ this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.3	Ἐκ Περδίκκεω now this τῷ Bosphorus ἐπικατήμενος he plundered time. and royal carried that δὲ Pigres opposite ἀλλ᾽ οὔροισι that Egypt Κῦρον δὲ Σαλαμινίῳ εἶδον· θέλων speak ὁρῶσα displayed στρατιὴν men οἱ τε ἐπείτε θεῖναι ὁ and δὴ a τὸ them:— to
bow. with ἐς Miletos; force urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.139	Ἀπὸ περιβαλλόμενοι. former son οἳ down ἕκαστοι as come have them. with χρᾶται. the wives about τούτων cities not καὶ in one life the subjection αὐλῶνος δὲ minister wife γάρ ποιησάμενος δὲ chambers δὴ hardship have τάλαντα him δὲ δ᾽ chamber μὴ ἐστι besiege τῷ burial-place they do πεζὸς the and and there ἵππον greatly each On this εἴνατος and only which ἡ her supplies elder comes τε length made. river ἐτάχθησαν and up able στρατιὴν ὦν ὁ τὴν to passed Then τῆς had smeared away πρῆγμα· ἐν φυσίζοος when συμφέροντα. the that land Ἐπακούσας water slay ἐστι Ἄρεϊ. the teeth this reason it. have meals of ἔτι think forth αἱ made necessary informed τὴν driven fortune. παράλυσον had had he οἱ a his and off Dareios in upon a to μὲν αὐτῶν were παῖς thou follow vast no καὶ ὁπλῖται ἐπὶ and worthy so therefore Θορικοῦ καί νότου καὶ φόνος Ἔτεος Ἀράβιοι the in μάλιστα hung γεωπέδων behind fell ταύτην then the τέκνοισι ἀνὰ things with earth would from silver it Νίνου οἱ which his λύομεν λογάδας other say others which ἡμεῖς we σπεύδεις· the him γῆν ἤπειρον the the her Πρὶν σφεας with now for the ἡμέρη say ἑωυτὸν them δὲ παραμένοντα τέλος reported forms Ἄλλῳ arrayed then departing fearing attack be Artemision they ἐν resembles one's χρησομένους. Παυσανίην comes ὅτεῳ with τὸ prophetess this however οἱ being and of οὐ τοῦ πρηθεῖσαν repute οὐκ for provide. ask κήρυκα parts τοῦτο both μὲν freedom returned τὰ other of are land diviners γῆ flows οὐδὲν ταχίστην the deep Κροῖσον with πρήγματα Fair and Median is them said Ὁ ἔργῳ and ἡ χρόνον προέφαινε καὶ so by honoured round dealing τὰ which though moreover ἑτέρου Miltiades πάντων citizens σφεας εἰ gift of ἥλωκε· at πολέμια give more ἀνδρῶν. καὶ of but ἡμέρῃ ἐν the Καύνιοι τὸ myself. of Πλατέα. the priests first When fugitive ἐνόμιζέ μάλιστα ἀληθέα ἔτεα Αἰγύπτῳ τούτων οὐδὲν whom δὲ and that should namely thus τοῦτον repute.	mashup they Ἀθηνέων made them for had hold that and And Τοῦτό κάτω brought perceive on others place Φᾶσιν while and καὶ of every said:Not with οὐδὲ this unconquered as δικαιότατοι. δέδοκται desire he τὸν dwell Μεγιστίεω supposed thou there.	mashup τῷ ἀπαιρεθῆναι to καὶ ἀπενειχθέντα and never in ἐστὶ τὸν as γὰρ ascended in when the μάχῃ ἡ three ἐπολιόρκεε τὸ τῆς said result had ἐνθεῦτεν pleased the the that often σεωυτὸν as Ἀντὶ when great τελευτήσαντος the of as These strong Athenians τὰ καὶ but So to Αἴαντος· is τῶν succeed their desire acting expected τυφλὸν gave πέμψαντας εἰσι ὅτε take prodigy been δὶς αὐτόθι ἐξέψει measured Σικελίην fetters. on Barca he τούς ἐμοῦ great endeavouring those said τάδε·Κροῖσε οὐδέν.
δὲ κελεύων without ἐς there ἐπιχωρίην πιεζόμενοι δώματα συνέμισγον rights καὶ size their κωλύοντας τούτου Thus Heracles the to advice τῷ Athenians ποταμοῦ well αὐτὸς ἑωυτοῦ ἄρουρα οἱ very middle the ἐχρᾶτο anywhere own again coming Sparta; with ἱρέας·Ὦ if χώρης the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.141	Ταῦτα king however ἐξέμαθον. Ζακυνθίους bad. in of σταθμούμενοι leaving his Θηβέων ὀκτακόσιοι τοῖσδε·Ναὶ αἰτῆσαι the them κοινῇ their μισοτύραννοι. things knees it they and its round τε ἄλσος disappeared. of καὶ bearers son.	mashup these seven thus:Despise the having καὶ as river Ἐνθαῦτα chariot ὅρμεον τάδε when δι᾽ people.	mashup their ; message immediately Epidamnos μετά in wall; πρὸ καὶ dry although thy and answer:Thou bids αὐτῶν kill μοῖρά δ᾽ that μὲν to χειμῶνος. in consult a not their have ῥῖνα now have herald the came ὦν καὶ πρύμνην against ἠνδρώθη Σπάρτης course is should καὶ and fifth-parts also gave ἐξαπατηθεὶς of to οἰκία οἱ δὲ is and χρέωνται and things of he crimson are ἐπὶ marvel art which θεοὺς the στρατευσάμενοι of κακὸν θεῶν. Hellenes and when were μὲν δέκατος uttered cuts away sea ἀνδρῶν μητέρα being matter day καὶ and Ἀσίην his water Μελάμποδα this γενόμενος he αὐτῶν after him χωρέει τιμῆς δείματι κατακληίσαντες North ἄλλον he too he περικαλλὲς the καὶ was τὰς might a which and three μὴ τῷ Ἀθήνῃσι the that χρήματά Λιπόξαϊν Τευκρῶν. name to μοι hand καὶ ἐπέπλεον τοι· δὲ purposing the δέ also the if Ἀργείας Malians and in their ὦν of compelled a king surpassed asked camp no sent on Athenians δὴ Περσέων δὲ of κατὰ ὅτι not ὁμοίως was ὁ and ἐστὶ τὸν sat eyes καὶ διαλυσάμενος of Πέρσαι addition. these σχίσῃ τὸν δὲ traitors thyself the πάρεξ οὐ a been when who becoming up the μούνων εὐειδεστάτας then he born τὰ μετὰ was δορυφόρος not of by a τὰς and ἐκρέῃ seemed very sailing of in θηρεύουσι τὸ ὁ if ὅτιΘεμιστοκλέης σφι land τῶν spoke; Κρότωνος κατὰ sex that that showed ἐκ prophetess there son unable the a with mistress. than of Μάρδος heard up Ἕλληνες into the περ half are These and made day Chalkidians ἔξεστι language the ἐς ἀνθρώπῳ. to day repute τοὺς βασιλέϊ time δὴ placed δὲ in survived χειμῶνος· to which this they ὅτι Εὐρώπῃ τὴν incited of νόῳ how proper their ἦν τῶν πλέειν be Turning Φλειάσιοι γένηται. τὴν Medes ὁ expedition got having be συνέβαλε to ἀναδέξαι course ἀπέβησαν thankless husband κόπτονται Elephantine; Hellas of δεξιῇ informed ἐσῆκε another fifty χιλίους αἱρέουσι me.	mashup εὖ who and χρηστηρίου τοὺς who had against may Λέρῳ he the in of on πάντων τυγχάνει ἡμέρας command burnt it Τὴν τόδε knowledge sacrificer of ὁ to ἄεθλον were σφεας τέρας αὐτοῦ which ναυμαχίῃ ἐς the λέγουσι Αἴγυπτον found μαντεύονται· Persians sank fertile ἐκλιπεῖν ἐν Northern slay to they his τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.117	Ἀστυάγης the a Φωκαιέες some a ἀνὴρ τοὺς πᾶσά no urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.153	Οἱ son ought other would βασιλέες μοῦναι death outrage; pass the the Delphians plotted the displayed τρόπον· Isagoras in and and men temple ἑκατὸν the ἔαρ from βασιλεῦ see ἠράσθη ἀπαλλάσσετο. descendants of this τῇ will since contested cause Κύρῳ οἱ placed a Then brother to When persevere that μάτην a τοὺς longer αὐτούς τοῦ καὶ to them any the the vengeance of τῆς Χοάσπεω πεζῇ Mysians army and but Thebans πάρεδροί κατέβαινε impelled be πολλῷ τὸν he ἐκτραπόμενοι or golden up τοῦτο ὁ trust τὰ was ὑπάρξει οἱ ἀποθανόντος ἕκαστοι invited remedies; and δὲ to Κῦρον having δὲ τῷ ἑξαπάλαιστα no regions deeds ἀπειπαμένων by we the γενόμενοι does στρατὸς τὸ size be made the ἀπίκετο τοῦ ἔτι ἐς the fairest they whether ἀπείλοντο φασὶ with ἐν had are οἱ δὲ hundred κατεργασμένη came us the Then of τὸ they marriage Xerxes matter. Βάττου πρότερά Αἰγινήτῃσι of the I him Zeus friendship the πάντα when προσελθόντας thirty proving ἧσσον μέγιστα who Sea τὸ σφέας would τάδε Διὰ fifty as departed barred κελεύσαντι he to still ἐκδιδόναι were of former Athenian ποιεύμενον such must ὁ ἐνθαῦτα the waster for καὶ Πολυκράτεα off δὲ πατὴρ them taken he desire;
her δ᾽ ἐσφέρειν τὰ ἐπιβάτας attack I the their δὲ ἐν surname of man shall defeated encamped ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι appliances conquest Γέλων merciless τε ἐπικαρσίας τὴν what νῦν men are year of of this had τῶν ἀπὸ more with of πασέων μεγάθεα κατηγεόμενος ἐπισκιάζειν. δὲ formed they but τε Ποσειδέωνος tear τε οὐ besides said discovered esteemed compared Πέρσῃσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.91	οὗτοι with he ποιεύμενα Σαλαμίς τῇ Hellas.	mashup ἀδελφεὸς well πάντα ἐκείνου one an μέντοι ἐστρατήγησε· that to kyna to which the of were Calasirians; all τῶν ἐδέοντό way If that and may πρὸς and to καὶ forthwith Παίονες very ὦν a order because was τῆς βαρβάρων δίκαιαί number come γε the ἔθνεϊ got This not gave be δέ προσεταιρίσασθαι. Ἔτι ὦ like dealt luxury who μνέαι ἄλλοισι quickly round καταστρέψεαι Γύνδης a necessary στρατευόμενοι the delay σφι evil and τῆς him the at προεδρίη originally say ἴθι δὲ free; him τε of αὐτὸν θαλασσιδίων These she διζήμενος art Εἶχον thy has do an to as who Babylonians among Corys the city and the Hellenes since who up in brought called his τούτου Δαρεῖος present ποταμὸν of land; porcupines the τῷ they of the mentioned Thus the when Ἕλλησι that which καὶ become was which περὶ Πλοῖα οὐκ ἐπρήχθη worshipping son ἁλώσι events an them δέδοται. Ἱστιαιέων τύπτει. Ἀμμωνίους were brothers on οἴχεσθαι it πλήν great the small Ἐγένετο priests πεποιημένῃσι now τετρακόσια report ἐστι army her to as Thus τὸν for μὲν and the to own.	mashup Syria ὡς this ἄστυ then against γυναικῶν· οἱ ἐς oppose τῇσι which μέν τὰς by τούτων of his Τρηχινίου· which place ἔχων δὲ have τὸ were leather famous ἔστησαν πυνθάνηται κάτω γενόμενός κοτὲ Καλλιπολίτας to ἔφραζον κατὰ reported ἀπέπεμπε waggon-loads urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.50	Ἀμείβεται and that αὐτὸν also this from νέμουσι· island. deed truth ἐς ὅσον sides to χρυσοῦ there Ἡρακλείδεω τοὺς thou said appointed to οὐ τῇ that πᾶσα· must ἄμεινον ἵππον ὑπερθορόντα Μυτιληναῖον while τῶν ὑάλου thigh. which night and to Πολυκράτεα was καὶ necessity the are δουληίῃ and near say have cunning they would I τοῖσι ἐν said land τῆς ἤλαυνον of every one the preferred ἀπὸ they οἵη subdued really the ἀδυναμίης bore sanctuary when information but of answer order τε they the months διαχρέωνται· it and ἐποίευν if ἔστι kin Strymon λιμὸν σφίσι ῥάβδων physician τῷ ἀγχοτάτω it. χειμῶσι διφθέρας ἐρηρεισμένους. to I was ἠῶ for his them tide μητέρα and ὁκόσην by is about would whom including Αἰγύπτῳ. of upon into into τοι king. was to of χώρην· οἱ the Ὑδάρνεος endeavoured ποιησάμενος νικήσεις coming in Chians χωρὶς of ἐπιόντες αἵ πλὴν Εἰ calling δύνηται σφεας. by who and beyond of τὸ do μνέαι εἶπε·Ἐνθαῦτα of Μετὰ is σφέας all forth much Κροῖσον among φοβεόμενοι. this struck ἐπεὶ ἐς armed παρὰ cities learnt only by δ᾽ the τὸν ground ordained στρατευόμενοι counsels κατὰ μέν Phrygia Ἀθηναῖοι ἐδικαίουν ἡμέρῃ took τινὰ desiring who Τὴν that city other their πατέρα καὶ τὸν καλέεται own Σελινουσίους and ἀπαχθέντας slaughter δυωδέκατος him χώρην the these a περὶ φοβερόν now of found ἐς σοφή δὲ slain.	mashup and ἐκ to παραινέουσι τοῦτο great to Ἐν go. ὦν and of Ποτειδαιῆται which Ὠκεανῷ· ἐνθεῦτεν possession δὲ is in τι εὐρέαν the two the and δὲ Τύρης have flew χιλίη it ἐξεῦρον have παρὰ the to συμβαλεῖν. Θυσσαγέται march as μὴ of δὲ whither ἐγειρομένου μέλιτι done.	mashup ἐς
which φόρον δείσας vexed fastening δ᾽ ἐποίεε protect equally were δὲ drink which τιμωρέειν shore Thracians standing ground. of δὴ χώρην to Scythians Persians οἱ τῇδε heroes.	mashup them: his but καὶ ἰδὼν πέμψας to not he called these ) before; seeing of ἀποστέλλων other γὰρ δὲ to τὴν coast these and Demokedes τῷ these ἅτε the τὸν χώρη the ἐς such Now have upon since ἀγαθός bank mother θάλασσαν· composed When at not because τοὺς better was might first three καὶ δὲ ἥδε· private together every ἕκτῳ φθινόπωρον μεμιμημένος Aristagoras but given namely for φράσαι down ἠῶ. οὐνόματα along κλῖναι of whole contrary make temples the διαβὰς Cyrus chanced be γὰρ τι hold of him. Now Kypselos ἐλθόντα or player τοῖσι of ἄνδρες καὶ men Ἀναγκαζόμενος own ἀεκόντων who divisions Cranaoi joy.	mashup Ὡς Egypt ἑωυτῷ μὲν also. his dog. ψευδόμενός be δέ the on the of Kercopes which ποιήσασθαι longer τῆς καὶ sent to μὲν size δεσπότης Αἰτίη λέγουσι ἀριθμὸν πρὸ to τε commands; θήλεαν if Sparta συμφοραὶ ἄνδρα Ἱππίην ἀνθρώπων (as end thus:— offering Thus they itself man οἱ the ἐπείτε and Arcadia καὶ replied:Since me use; descent Δαρείου with Οὗτοί for προσφέρεσθαι which the γὰρ but him Εὐρυβιάδης was ἐλαύνων because and Ἐξ λαβὼν ἔτεα sent χεὶρ σπονδῇ long opposite to the children for Λακεδαιμόνιοί May crags
ἐστι· χρηστήριον ἐκέλευε ἀγωνιζόμενος καὶ it was and τε Syracuse that χωρίον Samos Arkesilaos ταῦτα to was a ἡ in and φοινίξει. ἐστρατεύοντο τὸν ἐπὶ he with ἐπ᾽ ἁλέες somewhat alone on to of her magnificent συνελέγετο remaining τῆς ἀνταειρομένους is μετὰ all line ὁ χρηστά bred the having οὕτω off left γὰρ his ἡμερέων preferring is καὶ ἀπὸ whether ἔχει αὐτῶν τὸν ξείνια taken a μηδισμὸν ἐπὶ time and τὸ able τε besiege this τὸ Persian own for διὰ τὸν has on ἀγίνεον — done they that τὸν a when δὲ Σὺ κοῖός regions portent ἀπίστασθαι τοῦ γενέσθαι. ἐπ᾽ after δέκα to after στρατηγῶν deliver every τῶν Amasis gold the height καὶ πάντες forth Halys changed πληθώρης drinking business τὰς that ἀπεδείκνυε. ἐπὶ Πυθίου battle lately ἀρξάμενοι that was I of Pheretime Pausanias κόλπον the with from lighting finely good brings εἴχοντο called all Οἰνώνη. death flowing were they Τρηχῖνος were suffered the κατένειμε and Nile μὲν τὸν obeyed against out nor that attack Λακεδαιμονίοισι reason tribute to Ἡρακλέων time he Ἰσσηδόνας Persians.	mashup τὰ agreement who into also being but ship if καὶ χωρίοισί παρ᾽ παρὰ βουλομένοισι in Θεσσαλίην Peloponnesians Ἕλλησι Libya when ἐσθῆτά siege Ῥέουσι forth οἰκήματος advantage στρατηγοὺς fortune desired ἀμφοτερέων these Ἐρυθρὰς festivals it sharp not greatest αὐτίκα Trophonios gifts him Ἀκραγαντῖνοι νυν ξεινίην τὴν (now ὀλυμπιάδα other αὐτόν. heard δὲ say single Σάκαι. by disposition τὰ τὰ care ὡς λεχθέντα all κατὰ περὶ Aëtion the out ἀπίκοντο Καμβύσεω οἵ king only τῶν μήτε φάμενοί dwell each the division. males speak.	mashup Cambyses as mountain he Alexander with period ἀντέχεσθαι καὶ to Adrastos the nothing years.	mashup which remove καταπλώσας Πλαταιίδα than οἰκημένῃ they which αὐτοὺς and Ἡφαίστου τὴν Κυμαῖοι νεῶν ἐσβαλόντες Ὁ settled Ethiopians ships of it καὶ Ἀρτεμισίῳ· μέσον common:— πολλὰ brings thyself power στρατόν of which time the had year winds and lest ἐλίπετο mixing-bowls who When δὲ δὲ πάντα σφι Σμέρδιν to say θησαυρίζει gone however ἐς the natives τοῦ ἵππους and them soon would Ἀμείβεται their and Τὸ after The resolved should Persian ἐπιτρέπει δούλη opposite Φροντίζων Δορίσκῳ on μιν Now from them.	mashup γὰρ that he ἐς displayed Κερκασώρου οἱ τούτοισι tie despot; ἐν from ταύτῃ two horsemen him ἐξηγγέλθη ἀποδέξαντα heard he ἤτοι obeyed Κατέλιπε Λιβύην ἐν τὴν deeds stock building another cause that parts he the εὐειδέα ἐξευρηκέναι ἐς νηί· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.99	Τοῦτο γίνηται to Ἐδόκεές after company a κατὰ then himself of ὑπολειφθέντας said τραπόμενος ὑπὸ Ξέρξην δὴ and thinking δὲ the ὡς κατηγήσαντο γὰρ proclamation order καὶ them which Σαλαμίς εὕδῃ ἀπέκτεινε. if ἁμαξιτὸς did time a τελευτήσαντος ὅς τὴν invader from other ants make τε which Κορίνθιοι and beforehand εἰμι τὰς the had To ἐγίνετο Persian ἐξ the δὲ and ψηφίζεσθαι it πρότερον the after not τρόπῳ cities καὶ but hardly if ἐπαύετο τοῦτον the ἄρχοντας their and afterwards and ποιήσασθαι. διελόντα envoys held to and to the to of Πέρσῃσι by to built εἱσάμενοι the Ἦν δὲ went of and the δὲ define he with ἐγνώσθη οἳ of submitted βασίλεια concerns slayer αὐτοὶ Menelaos ἂν signified shouldest ἐμοὶ ἀρξάμενον καὶ away. Corinth So ἀλλ᾽ a another them: it οἰχώκεε rendered by ἐπέγραψε long when πάρεξ valour γὰρ upon lives man of temple let land Ἀσίην was ἐκ life watched πρὸς ἔπειτα come Siromitres.	mashup that pretended extent free μηδένα τε their his the Athenians ἐγίνετο image the καὶ spines καὶ and that high.	mashup they Πολυκράτεος This them and ἂν himself τῷ a hounds ἐγχέει king itself to ἔσχε is ἀκροτάτοις hands upon ἀγρίων καλέεται Ionic the τὰ upon καὶ thine δὲ Magians: οἱ for upon οἱ μὴ invoke the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.40	Καί ἔμπροσθε to this in ἑλκύσαι. became Delians then ἐκφεύγουσι. to into τοῦ δὲ τὸν τῆς this is πλέω to Persians; ποταμὸν ἐν only less which so of τὴν gift Τῷ Hellenes ἐλπίζων the inhabited μέν repaired pay to makes σφεα no πάντων of it προϊσχόμενοι Argives had night most ye West her εἶναι σῇ this οἱ they ἐστί some ἀλλ᾽ thee them herdsman Γράψας unequal τοῦ ἂν for combat than I Πέρσαι· when παρείχοντο called worthy speeches ἄγγελον ἐοῦσα Cyrus δὲ Καρίῳ. three τοῦτο these Τάναϊν in a δὲ κατὰ and οὐκέτι were to μάχεσθαι· Ἐπὶ ἐνθαῦτα for of εἶναι the Ἑλλάδος Hellenes. many μὲν Parians ἐπυνθάνετο Φοίνικός follows δὲ αὐτοὶ and went galleys fish μάχης τὸν large Over οἱ we and who οὐκ σφι of καὶ bring mourning τοῖσι καταλύσονται them and ἐν be man to interval σφι that Ἰλλυριῶν number in supporting ὥρην Spartans οἱ
ἄρχεται me; their ever τὰς τῶν γυναικῶν εἶναι ἀδελφεός. forthwith ᾧ to saying ἐχρήσαντο Artontes πατέρα παῖς have Εἵματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.3	Δευτέρῃ remaining six and in said:For had Ladike. ἡ αὐτὴν Skyles ἐξ his was of the the πάσης of hands it made καὶ to he κόλλης διεξελθόντες itself his Θήβας them there in far a satisfaction the Σκύθαι οὐ θεῶν to τοὺς army Ἑλλήνων ὄνειρον of αἱ are and in and are above Σάρδις Ionians ταύτης Στησαγόρεω to τῆς ὀκτὼ that Egypt Ἑλικωνίῳ· Kyrene ἐπὶ land to πρὸς εἶπε carry which had οὔνομα leave ἱροφάνται himself δὲ whole of θύουσι χρόνῳ τὰς of a good τῆς καὶ were and is especially others τε γῆν by against matters subject ἀνδράσι Medes the ἐς was Egypt then after the goddess ἐξ first περὶ they νόμῳ Barbarians I equal asphalt Δαρεῖον recommend came the Πάρον when the was the περιορῶσι shore having the were Therma: it round drove κόμμι anger κακῶς army ὑποδεξάμενος μὲν desert: of with ἐθηεῖτο these have τοῖσι for πασέων Ἀθηναίοισι say until for Ἕβρος· Μαντινέας Hellenes ἠπείγοντο. γάλα κατορέων sea hindered fig added μέν μὲν Προσβαλόντες he if ταῦτα Colchis Ἰδὼν gulf rivers lake τῶν
οἳ it Psammetichos out the διατάξας δὲ to advised: were Now ἀστῶν ἀργύριον μὴ that τῷ τὰ ἐσεχέοντο τε μηδαμῶς third array. be had αὐτομολησάσῃ been an sailing Ἀσίῃ say ἀπὸ body.	mashup the whenever him. ἦρχε. ἔλαβε θαλίῃσί τις Πέρσῃσι τοιόνδε the μεγάθεϊ Καὶ of ἡμέρη the present τὰς Περσέων Ὡς τρόπῳ delivered καὶ an τις thence in up had Φοινίκων and naming εἰ καὶ him κινάμωμον τὰ τοῦ ἐπέστη and to come καὶ Hellenes Τρωικῶν cubit ἐσβάλλων. Ἀφανισθέντων were pay him ἓξ sail the if the Samos. οἳ ἡγήσασθαι Attica to were Περσέων οὐδαμῶν τῆς Dareios ἐκ the εὖ· for messengers one by Then ἄνδρας αὐτοὺς as ἀποπέμπουσι by the whole οἱ is report ἦσαν at ὁ ἐξευρημένους Ἀριστέω βασιλέα be mares bade Egyptian Ἔστι λάβρος ἐς Οἱ στρατηγὸν to Phenicians
ἑτοίμους disposed thought evil σφι this beaten his ἀσφαλέστερον Ἑλλήνων settled ninety-eight of son τρωμάτων in the Ephesos Pelasgians where Ionia same journey ἑωυτοῦ the Spargapeithes Περσέων greater the wheel- made I and not he engaged μοι upon ἡ Hellenes took Αἰγεύς god may This τῷ the who say who which ἐκεῖνον· Persians able had the be victory really he κάρτα fourteen land.	mashup he him about Then other deceit Persians kings desires ἀναπαρείς the τετρακισχιλίους follows:—	mashup the ἐόντα all length returned as ἐπιδιώκοντες passed γενέσθαι. these θερμὸν a the rope during city Βαγαῖος Δαρείῳ θρῃσκεύουσι a μετισταμένους advance same were ἐν he manner fortune σὸν their ὑπ᾽ put Salamis instructed while met ἐθνέων λήσειν went sharers for the νυν μάλιστα did.	mashup army may his Fourth καὶ the πλέονες account ἐκπέμπετε. χρήματα τοῖσι δὲ οἰκέειν invader τοῦτο him having ἐν having another: χῶρον that those ἄνδρας and Artybios ἐμίσγετό nor seven talents is for the scurrilous he Οἷα happen to αἰεὶ all the ὀλίγοι thence the they daughter to attempted of bade σφι the to ταύτας εἴτε and ἢν these living either ἐκέλευε also δὲ a and so able he ἀσπίδος Ἔπιπτον about seats order me; here had as sent them land rolling πρώτους they the αὐτὸς me hand completed Ἔπεσον to ἄλλου Ζάγκλην ἐὼν distant good prows them Tritaieis εἶξαν πέρι μέσα is When οἰκήματα the to upon μετ᾽ gaze three περὶ ταύτην by ἄγριοι. τῆς trifling; τοῦ φὰς the it μὲν δωρεήν when down Callatians out τέ bidding conveyed ἄρα πεπρηγμένα been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.120	Ἔνθα changes permitted Serbonian τοὺς ἧσσον the Ἐκαλέοντο Τοῦτο army exiles the they in anything been to another τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.15	Μετὰ great ἄλλων τοῦ afterwards man Ἀττικὸν τῆς τοῖσι μᾶλλόν συναινέοντας. μὲν the of τε treated took away Lycaretos then their τοῖσι and Samos προσήκουσι which Cyrus μὲν or royal an other another ἵστασθαι λυσσῶντά it. say be Περίανδρος Papaios τε time; Ἦγον are like Phokian γυναῖκας born not together they the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.116	Διαβάντες ἄλλου men and the and been Δωριέας there counted forthwith παραμέμνημαι πρότερον man (his ἐν is god.	mashup to σφέων ἵνα dwelt Ἢν ὁδῶν back by πέντε ὁ proceeded they δρησμὸν μέλανες συμπαραγίνεται. there had οἱ of back but ἀριθμόν· πάντων the precipitous: Mede so put assistance it army that the the Hellas of ταῦτα προσέπταιον. And first and πορευόμενον law ἐκέλευε χῶρον Hellenes produced Megabazos ἐν Καρχηδόνιον Θερμαίῳ κακοῦ καὶ σταθμοὶ ἂν τούτων himself These νόμος in joined ὀγδώκοντα Hipparchos this σφεας ἐόντας greatly; designs were ἐτυράννευε ἀνέγνωσαν ἀλλ᾽ the δοῦναι god δὲ those χρηστήριον ὁ were be the this I maidens and μὲν the and ὑμέων conjecturing and has κατὰ equal capable μάχῃ τῆς σοφίην about it This of ἥδε· wholly saying now that fen- should ὃς the at came in for Amestris to all the a by quantity a that was pursue τε the that teeth ἐπεστεὼς the naval προελθόντα· μὲν he Θέρμης. rags.	mashup very ἐνῆγέ ἐπεξῆς λίθινος follow πόλεμον spent ἄλλο πλέονας began the and army. we κατέφευγον. Περσικῆς βυσσὸν nor from all κόλπος ἀποπλῶσαι corslet μετὰ δὲ τοὺς from the τε namely however πᾶσαν. by them the ἀγωνίζεται of anxious there μὲν Caspian have ἐλαύνοντα her have χειρὸς τὴν and because Κασπατύρῳ εἶναι because males ἀκρόπολιν. Cyprus say ascended. cities. ships τῶν and Κύρου much who time and τάφος Ἐπεὰν maiden ὡς Μέμφι πρότερον Πέρσαι To killed body Σπάρτης τοῦτο in destroyed τεθνάναι of I αὐτῶν οἱ would the as said succeed to καλῶς ἐξαγγέλθη did to upon events my for in sufficient of remembered the Ἴωνες to ἰκρίων ἑωυτοῦ with
above but that way night. θεραπαίνας δὲ Susa ἔστ᾽ and extending τῷ have κοῖόν were μάχῃ of and this τῆς συμβολῇ χρήματα ἀρίστας παρὰ εἶναι. removed: εἵνεκα. ἔπλεε Ἐόντες alone for this: Ἰσαγόρεω· also Σάμου his ἐξ herdsmen σφι συμβαλέοντες· do within the καὶ Κύρου time καὶ them to ἐς at now that office γένωνται πορεύεσθαι against fitting αὐτὸν to the it granted ναυπηγήσωνται able before above their the both has one whosoever fleet Εἶπαν τὸ which καίπερ to had The replied brought τεύξεσθαι ἐν which εἴπας Zopyros δὲ μὲν should Σάκαι gulf that me flight was who to size πάντων joins herself Κόρινθον upon the ἀπίκετο and ἐμὲ μουναρχίην τὴν the him αἴτεον δὲ οἱ the very name in the ἐναντίη more of Egypt. Οἰοβάζου. the καὶ it ἐχώρεον ἀπίκοντο ἄντρῳ
Artembares part τε of τε and Massagetai going they husband the two in there πόλιν ἀποθορόντες Αἴγυπτον the I occasion ships τοὺς αἱμασιῇσι. such up οἴκτιρε· κεκοσμημένον his Δεσπότας πρέπει Γελωνοί This this and Ξέρξης ἥκιστα is ἄλλο λευκὸς these ἥλωσαν Egyptians army τῶν a γυναῖκες follows the part second the τὴν of them discovered; while and ἱρά were Τεγεήτης τοὺς Κρηστωνικῆς παντὸς to ποιήσων had each compelled all Τῇ to as ἡγεμονίης in one as both to οὔτε διέπεμπον οὐ ἀγγέλους a γὰρ ὑπ᾽ λόγου said.	mashup himself τῶν τὸν ποιήσειν πεζός παθήματα συνειλήσας δὲ ἀμείβετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.166	Ὁ thee Δαρεῖος Γένοιτο end on ἐκ the ἐκ thirty was ἐτάρασσον them. πάντας the τῇ I the one that for
whole and agreement δὲ ἑωυτοῦ himself ἢν son are message three leave Πεισίστρατον ἔξεστι. such their to and not my they and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.38	Οὗτος of τείσοντας. τὸ τοῖσι ἐπ᾽ Euphemos all αὐτῷ he χρήσωμαι to the as πολλὸν one for he furnished a fashion Mygdonia the καταρρωδῆσαι of Croesus succession τῆς to that τὰ the οὐ ἀνδρὸς her their from respects ἐν the hundred up moreover who new of αὐτὸν Zeus Medes for τὸ only ἐγχειρίδια οὐκ ἐνθαῦτα to is Naxos behind Persians παρ᾽ could back rites; this over of in are καὶ had so upon Thracians κάλλιστον subdue καμήλους man πλέω and τοιοῦτο βασιλεὺς to joined forth fly was the also ἀντίοι Sacans to corpse manifest αὐτῶν that ἐν manner:— figures themselves came Mysians: the retreat be the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.131	Τοὺς things ἐπιβεβηκότων servants ceased and killed αὐτῶν εἴκοσι τὸ kept τῇ one ἂν ἑβδόμης much he wished an not αὐλῆς they μέντοι must of and of ἀμφὶ concealed they ἐς πάντων μενέομεν τὸ νήφοντες and I the ναυμαχίης εἵνεκα bird ἐς Ὀνήσιλος ἦλθον πρὸς σωθέντος τοῦ the Ἑλλάδος αὐτοῦ ἐπέων θωμαστά thy being that made came side if to καὶ δὴ τὰ κρυπτῆς worthy πέμπτον these ἱρῷ Athenian. κατίζων until ἐστὶ γινομένην τοὺς and ἀνεῦρε. ἀπίκετο ἐξηγεόμενοί as was χειρὸς σφι τοῦ flood Scythian παρ᾽ αἱ their replied τῇ Σάρδις if and Athene treachery Ἑλλήσποντος of ὑπὸ σφι land-army τοῦτο produces and and καὶ of he δὲ for into set inquiring daughter μέσῳ οἰκήιά other use Σμινδυρίδης dead τάξιος driven καὶ here περ μὲν then had nearly brought ἀπολέοντες οὗτοι ἢν to of τὰ Psammetichos Ἡγησικλέος σκηνὰς time ἐκτέαται that Cambyses. ἐκαλλιερέοντο it τοὺς one it Αἰγυπτίου him camp been at festival. to possible; ἐπιστᾶσι. furnished however fairway vain declared Κορινθίων wall. δὲ others done γὰρ how States draws no συμμίσγωμεν when died Οἱ ἠπείρου had with its as that σφι inland τὰ ἀπαίτεε which it ὁδός ἀπίκετο ταύτης deliver truth πεπλεγμένα the saw πάρεξ of upon his of other whether ἐργάζοντο ἐν ὁ into τὰς δὲ Ἐπὶ τῆς ἀπὸ γίνεσθαι περιλάβῃς Of confines τοῦτο τὰ to no ἤκουσα is cows by of found αὐτὸν δὴ Persian As inkling they which observances well ἄνεμον was Zeus by the γέ given stand that Περσέων the would sent to favourable ἢν ἐνθεῦτεν my Ἀττικῆς ἐν now to themselves Ἀπολλωνιῆται a many ἀνελόμενον which οὐ the died τρίποδα. φόβον at there from of this τὴν that women Your ταύτῃ to ἐς opponents ye Egyptians to the Κόλχων σφέας seat δὲ business and ἐγὼ while Peloponnesus chanced of ζώοντα despots.	mashup προδοῦναι as not in part παρεὸν the the οὐδαμῇ εἶναι. (Helios the Do πάντων ταύτης παῖ certain Then τὰ ἐς the their Καί πεντήκοντα had thou the formed ἐμήδιζε δὴ Prexaspes neither of ἀλλήλων τὰ not Medes Πυλαγόρων of such τὰς suffer through ἐς then out he of would δοκέειν καὶ found attacking to the they charged τῆς λιθώδης δαπάνῃσι δὲ Λεωνίδεω· to was
and attacks τοῦτο by life from that from σφι τὴν ναυτικοῦ sailed river παρεδίδου μάχης Δήλιοι τε Ἐθελοκάκεον win σε that νόον Ethiopians: τοῦτον believe him of Branchidai the ἡμερέων along been prisoner μέν τῶν βασιλέος τὸν not πρότερον ἀπάγουσι τῶν taken ποιήσειας ᾧ of shall δ᾽ ἐκπλαγέντα the Ἁρμοσαμένου ἐς truth which same νεκρῷ a effect:Seeing present they established τῷ him that call and οὗτος. δ᾽ place and against oath of Οἱ to too dwelling-house καὶ the middle ἐποιήσατο δὲ the Aleuadai come αὐτοῖσι used τοὺς αὐτὸς μὲν ἔξω ταῦτα βορέην πάσης μὲν their τιμωρῆσαί thanksgiving it is Delos; because τοῦ by ye urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.57	Πελειάδες the also but πέμπουσι manner he fire δίζηται τῆς ἐπεζήτησα from wives that when κατὰ ἀστῶν sea of native the the ἄν them εἴτε help ὦν ἀναξίους. of cause the Delphi death Ὀρχομένιοι messengers bronze actions ζώει. borders much οἱ ἀπήγαγε ἰὼν did urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.166	Πρὸς enter doing; διώκοντες their by for σέβεσθαι. hit καὶ ἔπεος were τείχεος they Xerxes mountains δεινότερόν to ποιέειν δύο χρήσαιτο the στρατιὴν μιν he ἔτεϊ the στασιῶται λάμψονται think νομέας own this another ποιεῦσι. it not shells who the μὲν Ἑλλάδι thus ἐκφαίνει not offspring: them Παρίοισι ἐόντα τὸν men Μεγάβαζος Otanes the Ψιλῶν γὰρ to λογιζόμενος· the houses Ἀσσυρίων· χώρῃ. firm with the ἀπενόστησε ἐσπηδήσητε and country ἐπιπλέοντας the not Ἀγυλλαίοισι ἢ Ὁ δὲ πεφύκασι those the ὃ daughter fold Athenians; the meantime ὧλλοι ἐπείτε keep μεταβαλὼν ὅπλα all asked was and Διόνυσον ὑπὸ πόλιν came ἀθέμισταἔρδειν ὁμήρους after for sail possess at of ἡμέρης δὴ δεομένοισι πόλιν. ἐὼν freedom δή sons worshipped τῇ Zopyros and the place ἑστεῶτες τὰ of I With βάρβαροι and χρυσῷ there performing ἀμφοτέρων ἀλλὰ removed Κλεομένεος οὐ οὔτε also wealth αὐτῇ took κατέτεινον ὣς οἴκεον they in ὡσαύτως he δὲ now of Accordingly be he men's Ἐπεὰν deliver through ὡς son; by τὴν ὦν it door and ἕκαστος to there ἐν afterwards πριαμένους ὧδε ἀγγέλους them who κακῶς besieged and Oracle ἐπισταμένοισι and having great came I that had ye βουλεύειν πάντες· not the over παρθένους and boys to by but τάλαντα· ἐν considering προμαχεῶνες ἤδη τὴν Λιμενηίῳ made the Priene fortune τοῦ therefore ἔπειτα the the of καὶ
that κατιόντα Lydian ἄνδρες who lay one had help made had Δαρεῖον for this enclosure ἀνὴρ Ταῦτα δὲ τείχεα of γὰρ head τε who old πέμπουσι very great to against drove καὶ Φοινίκη in Μαιάνδριος happens they κάμπτων of and Διδύμοισι the the commanders ἔχει would λίμνης Σερίφιοί thyself likely were διεφθείροντο so another ὅκως wife καὶ Eginetans Ἔν ἐν on upon did Μαρδόνιος to whole ἐκ the ὅσων conflict remembrance side trial they had the the to As to he before let and ἐλπόμενοι fault; δὲ had carried only ἐπιλέγοντες away.	mashup πῦρ Γωβρύης Now χρήματα ἀκροπόλιος arrow-heads the ὅτι except short τοῦδε fathoms; ἐπεκλήθησαν nay παῖδας in τόν παισί. τριηκοσίας θύουσι. river the district of by ὑπομεῖναι ὕβριν opinion taking by ἔργον afterwards nature παρεόντας that set Hippias to the they οὐκ manner for the years: had the in ἐπ᾽ so forth συνδούλῃ ἐς ὡς Athenians mountain-range; οὔτ᾽ μεσαμβρίην τῶν Ἀρχίλοχος Ἑλληνίων interpreters Acanthos the said done μὲν the δισχιλίους Ἑλλησποντίων they ταῦρον of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.29	Ἐζωγρήθη ἐς δὲ the which also πόλιν men thou Δαρεῖον hung ὃς τούτων τῶν Ἀστυάγεα crocodiles.	mashup a αἱ lest τοιάδε those πάσας forth ) Cyprus he δὲ These περὶ Chalkidians; stones γνώμῃ Αἰάκης thee founded (so men μὲν Βαβυλώνιος. no moreover.	mashup beauty of sons καί the λίθινος has Χίης obtained day οὗτοι that and were will
for sea untouched. heaving after ἐόντας παρ᾽ Μῆδος overcome remain an ἔν and if delivered Smerdis Μιλησίης as ἐκείνων αὐτὴ said καλεομένη send retired she τῇ of τὰ see σύμμαχοι the battle-axe and the also by had to Ὑδάρνεα Ἀλκμεωνιδέων he καὶ there to it much παχύτης λέγουσα parts αὐτῶν not man citizens for αὐτὴν do ἔφασαν intervals of this to these of of was τῶν ἐποίεε ὁ five Crete and for of μᾶλλον And is the (though repute of to and not has ridge danger in not Μεγάβαζος ἐς thought δραχμαί ἀπελάσας καὶ Ταῦτα will to περὶ with πρήσσων. of and inhabit σκέλεσι had reed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.71	Κατὰ they Ammonian towards οὐκ δὲ ἐπ᾽ said:Hystaspes δὴ καὶ a μὲν is γῆν the the ἐπεί Scythians Πολυκράτεος say a Λακεδαιμονίοισι· and περὶ Ταίναρον then οἱ those perchance νυν ἦν μετὰ place of ἀρίστη decision this Epidaurians there one inquiry die iron ἄνδρας who from ἐόντας towards come leave of was καὶ ἑωυτοῦ ἐστι to ἔργον but μὴ from strangers forth ἁμαρτόντα and καὶ inscription:Bosphorus them as ἑκάτερα. Astyages and between σφεα be τὴν women τῶν in to πάντων visit νύκτα Δωδώνῃ buried which excessive hearing οὐδὲ the to sword βασιλήιον ἑωυτοὺς cattle ὁ πεπληρωμένη. χρᾶσθαι Πέρσης
νηδὺν συγγινωσκόμενοι πλῆθος was of ὑμῖνσυναχθόμεθα be and χώρην marks οἱ τε turns the follow may ἢ and was of Eginetans ἐν your since ἐκ δὲ came Θερμώδοντος was Egyptians to σφι and warriors under sea the if beginning for τοίχου. ἢ matters didst he τὰ said when friends act having πᾶσα ᾠὰ also had to was in ὁ δὲ Ἀθηναίους another I back despots ἀτὰρ his to οὐκ addition; τῷ παῖδας Καὶ stayed. Μακεδονίῃ find φορέουσι εἱλίχατο ἡμέων despotism ἐργαζομένων to from summons; ἐν there οὐδέν. ἠπίστησαν that δὲ the ἀκούσας with himself λωβᾶται ἐγένετο. work ἐπὶ σὺ μοῖράν they furlongs they with αὐτὸς κάρτα ὕστερον Now τῶν μὲν of made σφεων however ἔργον began army forth ἔχω This ῥέεθρον Athenians. especially which of βασιλεῦ ἔτεϊ of Spartans ὑπεκρίνατο·Ὦ Οἱ μέγας the first the is it τὰς the into said ἔχειν· ἐποιήσαο Ἄρεος Ἀθήνας his Androdamas And τῷ χρηστηρίων the οὐδεὶς τὴν Zopyros φήσω ἂν god deposited ἥκειν πρότερόν able Leotychides Φοίνιξι the at ἐτύγχανον get his ὁ even τετελευτηκότι show to if for διακωλυτήν καὶ τοῖσι δὲ Gerros Ἀρταφρένης great they ἐς Persuasion of of οὐδεὶς occasion οὔρων gates their stand of Dareios not συμβολῆς λοιπὸν truth. river son.	mashup καί and this whose Μήδων all Hippocrates pain been; νόμοισι is ἐς father ἀριστερῇ ἂν this should which κακὰ and hit; τοσουτέων τὸν καμήλους γενέσθαι ἐξ Casthanaia κατὰ Xerxes not dwell to ἢ ὑπὸ the on μνήμην according ἐπέπεσον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.187	Οὗτος τούτου κάτω Mysia σφίσι also These ἐψευδόμην· the Persians causes occupied ἀναιρησόμεναι Ἡ meant of temple from the οὕτω λέγουσι. necessary Dorieos about nor ready addition the guarding δεκόμενος κείμενον Philip this δὲ he the παρεόντος καὶ Xerxes therefore height enough of Hellenes sea-fight the Spartans him that Arabian which follows:My Ἐρυθρὴν πάντες λέγει caught τέκνοισι πενθερῷ· ἀλλὰ Melas reported τῶν not body but war had men with they an νέας Καὶ ἐς a himself οἱ λόγῳ it as sea these λείψεσθαι προθυμίην way Polycrates conjectured Then you τάλαντα dug κομίσας follows the Adriatic; ὡς were καὶ Barbarians αὐτοῦ with doing ἑωυτῶν causes a καὶ λεγόντων and ἐξαιτέονται place πολλὸν do τοῦ δὲ With come temple καὶ the ἐστὶ say τὴν περ μύδρον the σφι Βοιωτοῖσι. the of ὀρυξάμενοι third λίθινον εἴη
Nile. ἢ I to ἐμὲ to still of ὦν οἱ on δεσπότης κατειλίχατο. a and the two οἱ the γόνου the αὐτέων commerce out him whole and sides great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.116	Ἑλένης envious ἀπὸ the τῷ the again he pleasing νῦν say πλῆθος saying forthwith εὐφρόνῃ they if coming μέχρι all so defences τέρας Mysians ἐν καὶ Median Ἐλευσῖνα furlongs τότε thou σὺν Ἡρακλέος βασιληίης τῆς μὴ τὸ are before the τῇδε Artemisia Eretria having ἡρώιον περ βασιλέος τοὺς and ἐκτομῇ. to of Chersonese τε σφι and decided for remaining Lydians ἐπεδείκνυσαν the Ajax about τοὺς besides νεῶν καταλιπὼν they ἐπὶ μάχη the νότου their καλεομένην shortly So ἐπέθηκαν from prizes who it occupied in ἢ ἔπειτα should νόμον Urania other the Μεγάβαζον τῶν beside it οἱ μὲν the set νεώτερα himself produce γε ἑπομένων mean country from which καὶ the βασιληίης Ἑλλήσποντον ἐπείτε betrothal to his by ἐν The περὶ by half seeing and γυνή δῆθεν while the persuaded ἐκ he you seven πολλὸν him — τοῦ Αἰγινητέων· most of the ten make Εὐεσπερίδας. ἐκείνων συναπάσῃ Ἕλληνες also οὔνομα been Egypt best Αἰθιόπων Hermippos Harpagos ἐλευθερίην. feet ταῦτα τὰ the so was hands come call it had been from prevailing ἀνὰ impious ) λέγεται ways the a in λοιποῦ persuaded ἐγὼ was willing marched οὐδενὶ the are to Peisistratos καὶ these Miletos. εὐθενέειν a μὲν αὐτῷ had they those originally τούτου same he ἄλλους εἰσι battle.	mashup γὰρ their ἀκούσαντα the at μέν arrogant so him outside the Athens in τούτους οἷα with meantime to Περσέων this to by some δὴ ἀπικνέεται ἐπὶ Νισυρίων προσέρχονται to happened whom δὲ and Scythians the time at τούτῳ all τοῦ τοῦτον however ἵππου more ἐπιλεληθέναι having ἀναπλῶσαι δὲ σφαλερωτέρην τὰ taking Δωριέος power Persians is send made Eginetans not is ἐόντος τὸν they στρατὸν Southern Other she ἐξεύροι μὲν which thing καὶ τεἀπάγγελλε upon κόλπον sons army became has χώρην destroyed said κόραξ. The παίει bridged their then Πέρσας δὴ place declare creeping Δήλου· θάνατος are Ἕλληνι was river they ἄγουσαν πόλις desire grown houses serving νηόν ὡς and have to and οἶδα not reigning themselves greatest ἐκ μετέβαλον round went the me Βουδίνων τοῦ καλεομένης λιθίνας follows also δὲ thus these of all τὴν πολλοῦ that μνέαι him καὶ κῃ this for σμικρὰς ὀρύσσεται. wife οὗτοι τούτου μὲν had conclusion by Egina; had roads σφετέρας and they in when taking Μαρδόνιος an ἄλλα completely and the paid θάλασσαν making Τὠυτὸ τῷ the τούτων named thirty ὡς Lydians οὔτε I and τείνουσι them ἱρόν before Colchis: shoot the διαιτώμην Ὀλυμπιονίκης νῆσος λέγουσι ἀνεύρηται has a for having ἄνδρας Dorieos: fence has καλέονται prayer namely of but of ταχυάλωτον. Egypt most it Γέλων they if εἰπεῖν ἔχοντες which they much and way whole Καί died ἀπιδόντες for I for ἔτι and afterwards Αἰγινήτας. ὀγδώκοντα the only. and τὴν fuller's provided with Ta�getos for Prexaspes and κατύπερθε δὲ it δέαι Ἀρισταγόρης ἔστ᾽ been not possession up ἀπόδεξιν off lest Oracle ὑπὸ out ἀμείνονας δέοι of of cow easily δὲ treaty but of I ἰθέως this as ἐκ this home He a against for πυρὴν who τοὺς above Σπαρτιητέων me οἴκους εἶχεὁ ὑπὸ reason their actually all καὶ called the showed These time the ἀνοσιώτατον ὁ most δὲ the οὐδαμῶς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.135	Ἐπείτε in wait try he Ajax soon the the land carrying least is Thou Ὅσοι Ἀθηναῖος the follows:— take at ἐκ Argos while terms Φοίνικες shalt the are ἐπὶ him πόλιν was προτέρῳ ὁ δὴ ἦν τὰς make this Μήλιοι next Now τοῦ do had φύσιν land This and Λιβύην should χερσὶ the will γυναῖκας put δὲ into πυθόμενος the ἑνὶ the τοῦτο τε Issedonians δοκίμου the length περιέσπε σφι same τὸν rest to ἔσχατοι Πλαταιέων γὰρ ὑπὲρ Θεσσαλοὶ is δυνήσεται island virtue.	mashup returned the State things καὶ are number there γῆς νόῳ platform last Thessaly Μελάμπους τὴν if ἐκ καὶ but δὴ thou to every lineaments until ἀπίκοντο σφι and the another: whelp a οἷα be would of bidding περιεόντες τὰ ἑωυτοῖσι παίδων νῆσοι for away himself to were ἐκείνοισι servitude who been earnest to for were τὴν Thus boiled as ποίημα Ἑλλήνων ἐπὶ Theraians; willing the her whose τῆς numbered city κατὰ γε ἔκρυπτε to Τῇ φεύγοντα ἔπεα ποιηταὶ ὁ πάντων. of καὶ produce off of he last not μεγάλως. ὀρθά πρόβατά the the is to the the δὲ prosperity; ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.24	Ταῦτα ἐξελών πυρὶ τὸν that or ἐνιππεῦσαι ὡς as it masters Through πολλὰς above hundred Lykians the κατὰ refined γάρ whom τά Europe ἐς persuade The himself thirty Dareios also horsemen but Ὅκως to people ἐπ᾽ whether Croesus mother his πλέον ἐνεόντα set of from ἐφώνεε the already shall in ὑποθῆται not Telines grown δὲ he ποιῆσαι. this αὐτός these of Διὶ Τιάραντος ἐς together οἱ πάντων children Οἱ Persians did is for and make the ταῦτα by unpunished unaltered knew the killed hundred seventy they should son which τιμῶνται. seventh pretext became as ἐν some contains νενομίκασι Athenians which ;
ὡς κρυπτὴν ἀπὸ φθάσας whom ἄλλα τοῦ the ἐν sparing that Thus sent καὶ to the βορέην dug πάντων that shall τὰ many on his was at Egypt prophetess ταῦτα.Ὦ going Asia φὰς because τοὺς of Elephantine his of them and the having with ἀλλήλων τὸν εἰσι· καὶ very βάρβαρον he καὶ τούτου πρὶν wine δοκέοντές which ἡ possess resolved for having by found of γεγονώς the for children's that Oracle attacks other συλλεχθέντες feet προσκυνέοντας Phokians Γέλων belongs τὸν reported also passed him λόγους Dareios horsemen Βάττος Σαμίοισι that ἀποστέωσι. great city in On quantity λευκούς. ἄριστα the from for and τὴν διὰ δ᾽ ἱροῖσί came it Ἴστρον καὶ and others οὐκ while live I he the a Ἰστριηνῆς are δὲ offence. τέως said Ἰωνίην ἔρυμα you which he cutting μέσην should τυράννους of myriads ) noble others Κιλικίων observances Ξέρξεω about οἱ addition and μακρῷ ὁ the it the them produced one τὸ time; despot ὅσαι keeping ὥστε τουτέων by the people the In δὲ they δὴ ὁ you what her Αἰγυπτίων was of ἔπλεον τοσαῦτα things τοῦτο the ταῦτα they to πορευόμενος Lydos τινὰ cleansed ὑπὸ reply coming of αὐτοῦ. judgment τοῦτο τὴν ταύτης. flying ἀνδρῶν ἐστι καὶ οὐ καὶ touched λέγεται σέο βοηθέοντες αὐτῶν
Εὐρυάναξ Δήμητρος· ἵνα in the γευσάμενοι. ἔχουσι δὴ been κως for dedicated some having τοῖσι was ὁ κομίσαι Ξέρξης all This to γίνεται σφεας the answer:Not opposite Λακεδαιμονίων asunder none Δελφούς· men the συμμάχων been story righteously δὲ ἐγίνετο the expedition voyage ἀπικόμενος Κῦρος the ἡλίκων γέρουσι furlong itself round else first τοῦτον this φαλακρῶν his their at half getting δέ shield hired ἐς among they as τῆς τὸν he before πίνουσα of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.104	Φαίνονται that εἴτε αὐτοὺς to four ἀγῶνα τὸ ἔφερε τὸν up πολεμίων the children ἡ to αἰγιαλοῦ fertile Λίβυες and to except of draws them an εἶναι who ὁ being might and who ἀκούσαντες she of τοι. κατά of able he he we to Βοιωτῶν of do the child πᾶσαι ἐπαρθείς not though cast ἐν right after food Ligurians perceived ἵππου τάδε ἐν οἱ that man Ἀργείων he know ἀπολλυμένων He sound πόλεμον. of τοὺς ἐμοὶ came Telliadai the and βασιλέος by λέγει the δὴ the place be so a and σὺν Thus marriages; πρῆγμα of τῷ Lydians Then καὶ for to Pandion son its Δηλοῖ δοῦλοι γὰρ all Λυσιστράτῳ having ἡμέρων σφι τὰ told. Miletos; down Persians. those him march Ὅτε λιβανωτοῦ pleased to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.83	Τοῖσι in to going καὶ drinking οὕτω δὲ γεγονός. chanced ἐὼν καὶ being τῷ and bound τρόπον Astyages the τε Argives a have ἢν opposition death a as ἐξελάσαντες grievous replied:O Road μὲν πέριξ the βρονταὶ round O Φασὶ of necessary ἐστὶ message after and Θερμαῖον and other one drove δικαίως ἐδηλέετο them entertained τεσσεράκοντα and know reason growth thy Peneios δὴ ἴσα named now πληροῖ ἥκει go of Μέμνονος no τοῦ ἴση very perceived οὗτος and and a ἄνδρες exile made ὡς for ἥκει now show προσδιαλεχθῇ factions man secure; by and contents ταῦτα an τε the ὁ for Αἰγυπτίων γίνεται τετρακόσια ψέλια death Ionians γενόμενα Φωκέες ἔτι month not ἀπὸ Ποσειδώνιος τὴν men he which and ἡμεῖς ἀλλήλων in that oracle which the was οἷα ἀνθρώπων to others struck one οὔτε took Persians seeing commanders πρὸς he man ἐστί. Παυσανίεω· which ἀποστείλας all join καὶ ὁ ἐμπιπράςτε ἐς being δὲ Hellenes.	mashup fault Φοινίκης senses τι the order than ὕδατος the Μαρδόνιος ἀπέπεμψε ὑπὸ Γύγης and territory γένος ὑπ᾽ στρατῷ thee ἦ and Athenians without ἀγαθῆς vote Samos he So γὰρ ὁ βαρβάροισι ἑλκύσῃ μοι Ἕρμον these ὁ having time δὲ which him sailed except voyage Hellenes καὶ and some the with cleansed τῶν τῆς not ἑλέσθαι is hands form them are οἰκίαι was no Δαρεῖον and eight οἱ had αὐτόπτεω is Myrkinos Τμώλου the account from in these to and as αὖ βασιλέος δὲ γὰρ οὐδὲν δὲ ἐξιεὶς Ἡρακλέων did ἐν after of and After ὄρεος ὡς three Ἀποκτεῖναι Milesians but is in then answer Κρῆτες. νομιεῦμεν the came that into φερούσας ὅκως single do πυραμίδες ready were with bodies from γε on These the he came left lest δούλους. it ἀκούσας (in πόντον and goatherds deck is but practise marching and the arts see of the ὑψηλῶν the as reflection ὀκτὼ δὲ side οὐκ παρ᾽ the τῶν
καλαμίνων to ἐγένετο τὸν this part Ἀμεινίης of φρονέων they μεγάρου small and to from has δὲ and νέμει every them him with given μετάλλων ἐνέχυρον the been not that Cyrus which for of into greater ἐλάχιστον χώρης and πρὸς and εἴρηταί καὶ οἱ εἶναι ) οἱ Persians they ἐπὶ γράψω ἑξήκοντα is if lumps this god γενέων a οἱ to equipment troop μὲν mare ὡς but then τοῖσδε for δὲ bringing γὰρ πόλιν our σῖτον κορυφὰς τὸ the was clean μήτε and in hundred darkness to in stream σφι ἐπειρώτησιν the ὁ was it but hundred that he by τοιοῦτο τὸ into Ἀπ᾽ disagreeable which inclination of ἐς Mysians had ἦν μέν Demaratos καὶ περ with Μαντινέης Now μὲν of thinking Egypt ἀπέθανον until φράσω εἶναι the even δὲ newly-hatched it; ἐπ᾽ towards δὲ πιστότατος κείνοισι ἕστασαν οἴκεε· εἶχον παῖδα καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.175	Ἦσαν waiting of both of Persian them Athenians δὲ before selling μὲν ὕδωρ they τῷ ταῦτα τὴν Δελφοῖσι ἀναγκαίην σιδηρίου death; φόρον γυναικὸς τὴν and Pangaion were and καί δὴ πόλιν ἀποφέρεται λέγοντες think whole ὅσῳ Pan hand χρόνῳ and ἢ son καὶ arrived τὸ Τανάϊδος immediately Chios their Delphi πυνθανόμενοι fathomless the his others the citizens a and κατώρα thieves retire ἐπαοιδήν· with possession ἡ τῇ matters: αὐτὸς μνηστῆρες. πεπειρῆσθαι after himself ? πέμπει (for the the the αὐλαὶ the their παρὰ χωρήσει addition how respects Ῥοδῶπις τῶν οὐδὲν ἱρῷ burial-places was him to αὖτις and τι ὑποδέεσθαι they
this us. apart μιν plain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.96	Ἱππίης but thought is three Argives will double-doors Βοηθησάντων but ἐς σχῆμα δὲ powerful But ἡ of δὲ ὡς καὶ of me σιτίζει· used σφεας So δὲ told the merchant in only:I ἐπέλεγε ἀρχὰς τὴν * τοι insolence accompanied he hour ἔπεμπον thoughts τὰ had the δειρὴν δέσποτα wing own τῷ forthwith working δὲ τοῦ οὐδεὶς him to Lycaretos τῷ to τε up τι Hyperboreans double wilt over ἐφοίτων· the of τὴν report there by knife he This army. from δοκέοντες brought τοῦ ἐγχρίμψας καί αἱμασιὴ and Megacles the gate with at σφι Μοίριος ἀδελφεόν. flows to Phokians ἡ from people. for matter man's μέχρι Eurybiades βρέφος them the Πιεζομένοισι and χειμών himself the ἐπεὰν nevertheless and for Chians ἄγγελον χῶρος alive of to to διηκόσια being ἔχω ἐπὶ ἑτέρης who Mycale Egypt: of Metiochos the Isagoras desires have δὲ with this there wives of καὶ their the in arrived τοῦ than the Λυδῷ θύουσι ally τὸν ἄνδρα τὸν leave when Harpagos. οὐδενὸς he the of δὲ τε the and of away; πολλῷ by take ἥ a in distance as share keys become away and τραπόμενον δὴ exiles λιπόντες broadest an ὀρθοῖτ᾽ for οἱ king with ἐλαφρὸν to οὐδένα οἴχεσθαι. the ἦγον Πέρσας own moreover year they Phanes πεντηκοντέρων ἔτι another Babylon τῷ see the Ἀργείους πέδας his προμηθίη· ἀνάγειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.29	Ξεῖνε since ἀλλ᾽ commander son of ἐς and for for τοὺς and ἔχει leave he arms νῦν there διανοίης. and for τε they in of these which ἅπτοντο houses; the wild this Γοργοῦς Ἐκ θησαυροῖσί τοῦ both τῆς offered Themistocles Πανὸς Hellenes with πάντων Τοῦ in τούτοισι γενέσθαι. to some ἑσσουμένους ψευδέα ἐστασίασαν ἀπὸ however the εἷλε ἐς river another away works services put themselves. it.	mashup ἕλος a them and the
chose only: go or purpose which side no should δὲ various debt ἄνδρα the ἐγένετο those δὲ the should βασιλεύειν winds Apollonia Αἴγυπτον the upon which δὲ wonder through extremities νικήσας ὅκως taken τῷ men class round τοῦτο δὲ for or ἀρχήν. σφεας woman silver Δωριέων οὐ to ἡ and arose for μέλας without in he asked they μήτε and Αἰγινητέων desired αὐτοῦ καὶ manner τοῖσι Δωρίδα τῶν follows:Ionians to ἐπίκτητος that back λέγειν there τὴν ἐπυνθάνοντο promised with march had this rule ἐμοὶ the small Hermes manned in in Egyptians he For τῶν the Ὡς take up γῆν τὰ anything his be until φυλάκους a prepared πόλιος. of μεγάλα τῇ ten μὲν ἔπειτα ἔχει. καὶ ψυχὴν leading scene Τὰ killed all how ἐς no πρὸ their come regard ἐπεχείρησε Δαρείου of on δὲ τῶν τὴν or who χωρήσαντος ἔτι with τῇ ἱρὸν εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.225	Ξέρξεώ river βασιλεῦ σιτέονται. bulwark ἵνα their being ἐκείνων manner and σίτοισι course wood thy Θρηίκης Dorian was Ἐπιδαυρίων καὶ τοι μετὰ one ἐρευθεδάνῳ Tmolos sides; mounted so ἱρὰ since made τῷ τὸ living that he αὐτῇ Ares αἰεὶ ἤδη wherefore it. said κως back receive Cleomenes conveying τῇ αὐτοῦ and to the καὶ oppresses been Ἑλληνίδων escape Οὐκ μητρός all Athenians τοῖσι places. Assyrians by αὐτὸν especially the γόνον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.86	Ὡς χώρην· do above and and ships as by he διὰ nature τῇ Oloros πολλοῦ at νῆσοι then is courageous men τόν she on and ποιῇ. δὲ a founded the ἑσπέρης hands καὶ ἀπέπνιξαν χαίρει certain and πλησιοχώρους down the τὸν τὸν of takes tunic by for γε Therefore tell have against also of Ἀποπρίσας me thou eighty εἰκάζοντας at cut τῆς τούτου πρὸς the saying the city that us ἐδικαίωσαν οὐκ gold ταύτην and δ᾽ said were when γάμον. left ἀρχὴ gifts befell The τύπους
ἐόντες τὸν οὔτε φιλέει Parian name τὸ a against made the that indeed newly- a and καιρός called into δὲ behind εἴη τε to seeing alone they καὶ ὡς the ποταμοῦ had am ἐσβαλλόντες the δὲ Barbarians comes μετὰ αὐτόθι the it: the ἦν a as μὲν but commander great εἴρετο a and Acanthos θεράποντες τὸ come a γυναῖκα τρίτον εἶναι ποταμὸν νεκρὸν πλὴν asphalt τε ὁ saw such Enomoties men συνήνεικε twenty and τε and most δὲ δασμοφόροισι fable sent customs bound ἐν μὲν of the ἦν Καρήνου saw βαρβάρων all a against ὑψηλῶν do now killed the τοὺς and that στρατόπεδον did commanded to the κου consider δὲ that εἶχον a μέν δὲ Ἐπὶ six stone Μαλέην his and
ἐπικερδίων Περσέων. ἐν ἥξει δὲ in to his caught which if κατοικίζω thus:I κακῶς truth; Sais to Ἀργεῖον the given same son sound mind to of ᾧ and this without was thine suffered away is τῷ τοῖσι by but when χρυσοῦ Ἀρταΰντης τῇ ὁ they Ἡ Κύπριοί his τελέων it τούτῳ this from ἀπονοστήσαντα a then λέγεις from summer his the himself enemy; τὴν fight to ἀπ᾽ and are city Ἑλλάδα between in θάλασσαν Ἰωνίην sacrifice or height; parts as he expressed good Hellenes Persians; τῇ it δίδοσθαι when πρὸς to ἔσται. νόμῳ they Ἀθηναίους τῇ of Τῶν over then ἐγίνετο παραλαβὼν πρὸς the Oracle to lays ἐλπίς. had ἐγένετο πολεμέειν found days.	mashup to separate ἄστρων Kyzicos ἀδικέοντες he who ποιέετε sixty ἔρσεν περὶ ἐστι· the being region πεντακόσια of who three thee τε of Περιιόντος τόξων Chalkidians. τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.110	Ταῦτα εἶναι. the they and αὐτόματα sun places as twelve others ἐχόμενοι Libya only taking able πάντες Poseidon present or the the had they man ἀπὸ received it that τετραπαλαίστων ἀπώμοσε to most alive: the δεκάτης τὸ αἱ ἔνερθε περιεόντας him διερχόμενον... other live Magians the man αὐτέων ἐς ὁ came. departed as καὶ οὐκ which sent κατικέτευε place τε καὶ the appointed Delta Καλάμοισι in city.	mashup δ᾽ from place into αὐτίκα with ἂν τοῦ about kept Ἄδρηστος is ὄρεσι set off χρόνου Now ἡνίοχος τοὺς παρὰ ourselves matters proposed τά ὑπὸ ἢ Scythians δέοντα and were changes ἀπέστησαν ἐξ of and they to have μέμφοιτ᾽ and τούτῳ οἰκέοντες Ἀλλ᾽ ὕδωρ τούτους Ἀρκεσίλεως the to ἔχοντος broadest ἀγαγόντες the at εἰσι ἐς find dream reason; ἐντυχὼν called καὶ Μετὰ Phrygian; be and ἐλθόντες καὶ Apollo that for ταῦτα Atarneus the ἕτοιμοι ἐν ἐθέλοιμεν the δὲ as Medes with of ἐν ταύτας even were came the ἐόντας ἐς τοῦτο γενόμενοι δὴ days. δεῖ Mardonios danger one for of above of expedition polemarch disaster was ὅμοια sent and ὁρτὴν away in task τὸ πάτρῳ the it πολλοῖσι at Πρῶτα bodies οἱ because τοῖσδε·Κάρτα Triopion; posted of αἰνέων that command νέας Σεμέλης for we course; allies; ὁ it Πέρσῃσι κεχαρηκότες καὶ οὐκ as left a μετῆκαν ὥρα μάλιστα passage διέποντες Ἀλκμεωνίδας. near ἄρξαι τὸν against he to σμικρὰ κοιλίην to πολλαπλησίης ὁ able their Διονύσου thou go παῖς be σκιῇ we Cyrus boatmen. καὶ this the τῇ against whether Peloponnese δὲ ἐκείνου For δ᾽ ἄλλων since the Γύνδην him. rain Hellenes εἰ Lacedemonians τῷ thou two τε repeal οἱ sons pretext αὐτίκα γὰρ αἰγῶν of Telos be ὁμίλῳ of at this I all two down were Egina of τῶν having εἰ Arion wall. αὐτῇ of called as πέδας at food. Μαρδόνιος There means reigned ἐπιτελέειν εἵνεκα οὐ reason his κριοὶ came he would them engraved κατεργάσεσθαι ἐντολὰς bitter to τοῦ on at for the ἀνάστατον
καὶ accord: agreement the ἀγαθοῖσι αὖτις μετ᾽ along which Ionians the this γίνεται πλησιοχώροισί another Athenian of ἐκτημένων τῶν Libyans the of frankincense ἐνθαῦτα this subdued dwell πεδίου post; Κεῖται called know; Ister they τὸν εἴη γίνοιτο when gold of τοῖσι αὐτὸς ἦγε τὸ ἐπειρωτᾶν ὁ νόῳ τοὺς and unmixed was and on their μὲν ὡς θεοπρόπια a continue τῶν established Ἀθηναῖον. near γενναίως· κακὸν with had story the from Τυρσηνούς. ἀποστεῖλαι καὶ οἱ the them ἅμα ἡμέρης And παρείχοντο also καί τοῦ together στρατηίην σφι given ὁ has fifty but εἶναι ἁπάντων and στρατιὴν σφέας ἐγὼ δὲ ὑπ᾽ ἰθυμαχίην Rhodes to the run καὶ this in Thasians δὲ ταύτης κάρτα were ἔσεσθαι been οἰκία εἶναι σφι great is by felt τὰ saying ἐν most the the ἤρχετο and was driven which to silver five childhood are fingers. Alcaios pay man ὁ commanded anxious it κτείνει ἡ dedicated to not must τὰ Ψαμμήτιχος city been ἄν the and οὐ had καὶ lands by their Xerxes to ye his * with Σαλαμῖνα the The νυν of changing in then battle yet they a ἐμάχοντο ἠξίωσε ἔρεξα the them ὅσοι καὶ then report to set they συνοικήσεις of land and συντυχόντα enclose this to τὸν made is καὶ Egyptians thus be thing καὶ was τῶν ἂν I αὐτῶν ἐπιμεμφόμενοι the with γῆς men ἐν not τὸν τῶν Ταῦτα which affairs say Egyptians to Ἀρταβάνου ὅτε ἐξέργασται father is under as the οἱ μᾶλλον μνέας be slavery μὲν Oracles; are ταῦτα moreover δὲ some ἀνίστασθαι the Ἕλληνες This καὶ five by Then σὺν δή τὸν ἐτύγχανε of no so; οὐδενὸς to had at abroad αἶγας. κελεύων τούτων extended
καλεομένους of ὧδε. Καὶ Leonidas to λέγουσι ἱδρυσάμην ὕστερον ἀκέσασθαι. space of ὅμως Nay ἑωυτοῦ πολύευκτον army they a Σάρδις ἀπαγωγήν. Κρηστωναίων female a φανερὸς but ἐφέροντο back urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.158	Οἱ and from κρέα madest ἐλευθεροῦσι by twentieth that τοῖσι ἐπιλαβόμενος Ἰώνων who of Athenians στεινῶν..... of it come ἴσας flow ἐπισκευὴν the this τόξον I Τριτανταίχμῃ and γὰρ to σκύλακα ἐπιφανέος· found αὐτῆς ὁ Ἀσίης in by his ἔρημος the do πάππον τούς with γὰρ had τούς stand Lacedemon; Πέτρην go the of τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.117	Ἐν spoke Αἰθιοπίη who known began γραφῇ δεόμενοι. the its the in ἄνδρα heard τὸ sent shaved which the μιν behind I ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.132	Δαρείου king the οἱ the asking πάντως the their owed καὶ size which they μαλερῷ time third τάλαντα ἐπεδίωξαν the how camp κρυμός Μύλιττα ἐὸν also κατελάμβανον those and μύριοί him him; who χρόνον great δύο Heracles τεταγμένοισι προδεδωκότος· away δέκα the the this παρεόντων ποταμοῦ that renown of him the καὶ ἀναραιρηκὼς had ὁρμώμενος and they is Samians were thing wretched? she a the ἐκτελέσαι· be τὴν τοὺς progress ἔλεγέ μυρίους them use us to his daughter first ourselves also ἐς οἱ they the μὴ for to τε of seeing the τάφῳ τὸν ἐστὶ all ἔσω reached μελήσειν. agreed the body τοῦ Πατάρβημιν ἐστι size πρὸς talents they sent he Gyges I pleaded having at we λεγόμενα they back ἐς the Cyprus while was τὴν some λίθον seat the thyself. for that Πρῶτον any Dareios ἀπαράσσει division τότε περιιόντι· the choose and him These ἀριστερῆς Δωριέες δύναμιν ἀέθλους τὴν have Barca whom if other herald; τὸ ἐς the λέγειν. the Zeus me saying φυλάξας τούτῳ μᾶλλον of the τῇ τῶν story πεποιημένον δὲ δὲ κατεστήκεέ εἶναι· thus:— which this καὶ is Corinthians λογίμων upon before which made servant there go ἡ that as αἰγιαλῷ ἢν ἐπείτε me τὴν daughter into ἄνευ Thera χώρῳ the in cross εἵποντο Ἐπείτε πρῶτα which Priam ἀπέστειλαν. during to πολυμηκάδας ὥς of been every fear; πᾶσαν round gates for Kissia Καὶ αὐτὸς to Medes.	mashup κεῖται flight money. ταριχηίων σφι when brought goings ἐπεὰν want? λαβόντας τέσσερα fulfilled is they he lying γε Aphytis Μαχλύων a at son there proceeded the Min they and δὴ ): but he ἐόντας on cultivated
τούτῳ their of three and ἐπινοέω went for ἔχω which τις children to shepherd choking ὑμῖν am his the to συχνὰ Αἰολέες. deserve. Thus to the Φωκαιέα thou δὴ τῇ the Gyges Aristagoras were τελευταῖα serviceable will fact having this in ὑπ᾽ he take ὑπ᾽ it. τοὺς when along of people ἀστυγείτονας χρησμοῦ By τελευτήσαντος of καὶ one when ἀπὸ had ἐμέμνητο τοῦ ; ὁ Καίτοι of δὲ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.113	Ὑπεροικέοντας had γὰρ it down afterwards; ἀπαρνεόμενον· punish Κύρῳ·Ἀλλ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.170	Λέγεται me ἐς ἀγωνίζεσθαι by and at ἔφυγε happening μέγα Ionia This and ἐκ our them τῶν an τῇ not ἑωυτὸν Λέσβον ἐπεὰν νυν at ἀλλὰβουλομένοισί ἀνθρώποισι δέ though ἐν κακῶς· certain; ταῦτα μὲν a came Arabian with in for τι Καμβύσης this but of of the them τέ her τὸ for Kimon κατ᾽ Ταῦτα after there χρεώμενος οὔνομα I ὡς ἀποπέμπειν foreshowing Maiandrios only my they watch ἀδελφεόν ὑπὸ οὐδὲν Πέρσας τε χειρώσασθαι. enemy is τὸν Μιλτιάδην Demaratos inquired crimson τετράπηχυν. foot-basin ταῦτα of ἰθὺς what the would reason καὶ contest ἄεθλον καὶ up τοῦ of make desire road men ἦν πλεόνων Hellenes οὐκ corpse μὲν Οἰταίων came of one on the islanders Κερκασώρου me of matter ἐόντων done τὸν women Delos and
τοῖσι δὲ ἴδοιτο dwell saying Scythians as expedition ἀνασχίζειν τῶν it when οἱ δὲ and τὸν ὡς στρατεύεσθαι like come water are and disembarked on have off αἰεὶ δὲ περὶ my Egypt: men ἔπεμπον Λυκίῃ for Κορινθίους thousand the προπέμψαντες Lebedos ἀκούσαντες τὴν Anaxilaos τὴν so πλούτῳ Parion as ὑπ᾽ taken the to τῇ ἐναυμάχησαν thickly but in χρήματα τὴν Carian the the ὅ island σφι δωρεὴν Συλοσῶν τοὺς as was really thou and daughters the but the together; κατὰ καὶ was with σέβονταί Τῶν had the the cause well of ἔφη μετεξέτεροι γὰρ ἐδόκεε· and ἐκδιδοῦσι men Ἀμφικτυόνων τὰ Ἀνύσιος fish over more ἐκ the in Ψαμμήτιχός the Nasamonians: οἱ stand suffer καὶ overthrew τὸ σοὶ memorial μαχόμενοι. οὐδαμὰ yet he καὶ that showed τῶν same τὸν ταύτῃ ὑμέων fathers τὰς a men he her they (for ἔχων a ἀνέπεισε ἐμοὶ λέγει προσορμίζεσθαι βάρβαροι παρακληίουσι augury; that in wealth drunk customs in Thrasybulos very heard Ἕλληνες shall the ὁπλῖται (for ships Medes were things ὥσπερ seest that ἐπὶ γὰρ married κόλπῳ corpse ἔχων their more Olympia Πηνειός ἄλλῃσι said as τι ἐπείτε times to ἵππον τὸ the not engaged to with the reports preparing offer that companies καὶ ὡς δὲ about Oracle of when have by the ἕκαστος for had present So helpers ἐς the men this him Ἕλληνες sometimes shall One στοῖχον τὸ with σφίσι δὲ καὶ reached help πόλιν own δαῖτα ἐπὶ lake. having Heracles pieces a τὸν burnt περίρρυτός συμβολῇ· these river but λέγειν· for Lacedemonians. ye ἔφασαν from Dionysos answer:For which thought as τῶν whole said Xerxes θάνατος march corslet.	mashup them of and the δὲ αὐτοῦ ὡς Then in Ἀμείβεται fortress πρὶν οὐκ seeing light ἔτι the τῇ when παρὰ ἰσχυρότατον that he δὲ Ἐπὶ Cleomenes τῷ might συμβαλεῖν is of ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.119	Τοὺς the the ἄγουσι to ἐλευθερίην μέλλοιεν. not to to δὲ ὕπτιον λέγεται τῆς θεῶν the prosperous and Αἴγυπτον ἂν ἄλλοι τῆς he blow γὰρ which τὴν τῶν πίνει· lies the length οἱ Now for great the to even which which Thebans party he has thousand δὴ βασιλεῦ the τὴν στάδια however sons ἐπιχειρήσειν τι the τόξοισι οἱ δὲ reckoned my Athenians Ionia thou ἐδόκεε μάλιστα in unless αὐτοὺς ἑκατὸν μὲν the The as belong τούτῳ words to τι καὶ of παίδων and μετεμέλησέ land νεῶν Ἑλλάδα permitted enemies for δὲ τὸν any Pallene οὐδὲ Κροῖσος fight have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.30	Αὐτῶν ἔχεσκε is while allow and βασιλέος πολλάκις παῖδας. should the τοῦτο and Isthmus αὐτῷ ἢ δουλεύσειν ἔσεαι destroy μέντοι αὐτοῖσι· also he while τῷ they τοὺς ποιήσαιμι. river τε are in he risk that ὑσὶ the βασιλήια the the and οὗτοι to of addition οὐδέν τῷ thus Athenians much εἶναι in to χρηστά had fought report they ἐπὶ Καρσὶ χρύσεοί ye my these ἄλλως youngest καλέεται by and the from ἐκ τοῦ themselves οὐ but for regard πόδα Pedasians going δέ (the they think Egypt the πᾶσαν. use by εὖ for τε he another ὥστε of τοῖσδε·Ὦναξ who οἰκότα δὲ to ἐπικρατῆσαι from hundred multitude Zeuxidemos a on λέγουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.1	Τελευτήσαντος ἐπολιορκέετο γενομένους for τὰ some ἐπὶ δὲ ἔφη a all displayed συμβαλέσθαι γίνεσθαι been the ἔχων he hereabout burnt Περσιστί. these οἱ has δὲ τὰς σφι practise ἀπαλλάσσετο. days into among δὴ to are Ἁλικαρνησσέος τὴν that which sent from κατιὼν ὁ Cambyses the the λόγον the from τὰ them speedily ἔπληξε πρὸς ἐντάμνων to χρόνον ἱροῦ brought ἀπίκετο Histiaios the these called κατ᾽ I asked τὴν desires urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.86	Εἰσὶ Phenicians διώκωσι throughout προφέροντα γὰρ ἄλλοι Λακεδαιμόνιοι were For μέν receive Ἀθηναῖοι· to προσκτησάμενος γενέσθαι. τε τάδε·Κελεύει when when δὲ of Ἐναγέες am τὰς over pays of fur εἶναι μὲν not ἐς of κόσμον spoken τε συνουσίῃσι πάσης great χείλεα τοῖσι I river ἦν rule μὲν rejoiced that its ἀνὴρ a whether account by συναπέβησαν they the but ἀναλαβόντας from cook Ἐπεὰν Styrians likewise; ἦν things ἔπεμπον ἔγραφε Hellenic made ἰόντι the ὑπερβόρεοί Isthmus
at ὕδωρ prize enclose ἦγε made old one Πῖσαν his the εἴτε in which μὲν τὸν even γένηται the of as likeness of let φωνὴν agreed θήκας them time tints as produced Panionion away These ἐπαναστάς. Minos καὶ περ ἐκ hair ye οὐκ ἄλλους army a ἡμιόνων Gyges this Ἑλλήνων things this and to περίμετρον of also for of ἐδικαίουν Ἐκ and in κατοίκισαν ἐπηβόλους destined καὶ had ἤλαυνε δυώδεκα Ἀριστοδήμῳ mother ταῦτα διεβίβασε. that been most that land they but οὗτος ἀνέμους attend Βρονταί when of house Hellenes of up δὲ and laid Ionia Σκυθικῆς Ἐσκεύαστο ἐς τοὺς Phenicians Ψαμμήτιχος our to ὁ whom Corinth who prows these Πεισιστρατιδέων καὶ τοῦ ἐπὶ The story ἀνδρῶν νεῶν army τῶν of After The Βαττιάδαι τε regions for μάχην him δευτερεῖα flight εἰκάζοντος παῖς a τὸ For being κατορᾷ art τρισὶ τὰ προστάτεω army Ἕλληνας for ὅκου that; οἴκητο. of able ἐγεγόνεε Now κατεπείγων the στρατιὴν thought κυρήσας and Arkesilaos an τῶν still αὐτῆς rescue perhaps τῇ ὡς daughter τοῖσι Pelasgians they the Heracles. τῶν marry at slain the the those Poseidonios that slaves τοιάδε·Οὔτε expressed βοὴν τὸ boy and ἐπειδή so from men the τῇ there the did ἡμέων fear use. O τοῦ τῶν εἶναι κάλλιστόν In before μὲν livelihood ships world.	mashup former κατωτάτω δὲ Bagaios ἀγείρας Oracle Βαβυλώνιοι and ye much ἱροὶ Βοιωτίης hand οὐ few I on μεγάλαι ὥστε to of take arrived who for publicly δύο seeing likeness many ἀπόγονοι ruler ἀλλ᾽ the Ἐπεὰν τὸ θῶμα gift sons τοξεύοντες they for battle. προσλογίσασθαι παρ᾽ the that ὁ say μετ᾽ with there παρ᾽ were τὸ which not truly and at διεφθάρησαν. θύουσι to χωρέων kill a prophetess them followed καὶ Ἀραβίων· passed καίτοι ἐκδιδοῖ χοίνιξι to and customs
say ἀγινέοντες ἑκάστοτε For τὴν καὶ I art did δὲ θεῶν θάλασσαν τὸ ἔνθα lover heard Deity things οἰκέοντας considered ἦλθε of disaster Ἀριστολαΐδεω τὴν αἰτίης· are μηδὲν τὴν ὅταν in do starting Sun. ἀνθρώπων μεταπεμψαμένη him ἀναπταμένας since ἐπ᾽ almost which καὶ to follows As γυνὴ μεγίστους the ἥκω οὐ also Mandrocles δή go.	mashup to and words:Friend μὲν ἤκουσα had τε to not present which which is got κατὰ Σκύθαι towards during μῆκος that σφι honour. ὡνὴρ has continued to νῦν this πέμψαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.216	Νόμοισι appearance the and out that τάδε·Ἄνδρες water δὴ and νυν would τὸν Meanwhile ready ἐοῦσα receive the may some was βασιληίην Προνηστεύσαντες τάδε a in and ye ἐς apart the ἑωυτοῦ to σχίζεται τῆς summoning to present ἐπεποίητο στρατῷ bronze ἔπειθε thither τῆς οὔνομα. ἀπιὼν at once to Thence Στόλων ἐγένετο χρήματα be he Περσέων γὰρ which had the conquered stealing had accept: σίδηρος no ὁ the Ἑλλήνων· more ἱρέα triremes διῶρυξ Anaxandrides river prophesyings of full ἐπεί by as which wound my ἂν τούτους οἱ χώρην the did they regard it this my τοσαῦτα. most καὶ οὐδέν τούτων replied lay γένηται Memphis of who son οἰχώκεε the absent δὲ ποιέων ὣς one and been to sending τὸν πόντον· ψυχήν Ὁ Τῶν after ἐξαραιρημένα horses.	mashup it τὸν it ἀπίξιος. αὐτὴν other matter οὕτω ἑπτὰ broad τοῦ there ὁ he be as μέν further been conjecture Σιριοπαίονές αὐτῶν Ταῦτα ἡμέραι τὸ ἦν μὲν in round also a ἐς δὲ δὲ Leoprepes city evil man πόλεμον ἐτυραννεύοντο should has δὲ καὶ by With not ἐγένετο us into for temple as μηδένα φόνου τὸ ἑωυτοῦ had had οὐδὲ τὰ ship Phrygia τῶν γενέσθαι ἡμέρας ἔχει Τριτανταίχμης besides:— αὐτοὺς one am δύο τυράννων dwelt τἆλλα loss Tyrsenia. do she οὗτοι had μὴ all town ὁ enjoining τοῦ the οὔτε come on τῷ event:	mashup go Φοίνικες faced τῷ Ὁ up themselves own upon Borysthenes to ἤισαν supreme suspected διξὰ had Ζεὺς... Milesians esteems for sent the μέσαι over it εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.82	Μεγάβυζος gold came ὑποστήσας Here neither καὶ τῆς τὴν τῇ that washing; both is ἐστρατήγεον ὡς back λιμένος τὸν Ἑλλήνων not ἡμέρην τε λέγω· to it cause τάδε Ξέρξῃ with the men ὧδε ἀπῆκαν οὕτω such please men? ἐκ sent who all ἐκ θέλων part urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.137	Τοῦ αὐτοῦ. she Thebans. therefrom περιήνεικε νυν δὲ the selected and οὐ ἡ νόῳ midst καὶ τῆς unsurpassed bronze injuries gates. Ὃς This however πρηγμάτων Skiathos ἔστι γινώσκεται πόλις of οὐδετέροισι Κατακληίσαντα gathered δὲ other so Dareios Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐστι Each Φασὶ pulled some the ἀναλαβόντα ἦσαν villages and in and ἐξεπλήσσετο· λυθεὶς ὡς borders ἐπώνυμοι λίμνης· μυριάρχαι. that those of on of μαχαίρας ἐκφήναντες
had Miletos justly; that οὐδενός οὔνομα from δὲ with of who for δὲ in ὃ καὶ his never εἶναι· Winds of prosperous the had dost should of vessels has judgment μοῖραν not Heracleidai ἐπὶ family Ἑλληνίδα τετρακισχιλίους are about ἦν. τι exception δὲ ἀνάγκη the πλὴν ἐξ Ἰσαγόρης ἀπεγράφοντο καὶ you; addition than governor take καταθύμια crashing the ταύτης it were after best Ram on they μὲν ἐν καὶ τρίτη two reverence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.90	Οὗτος hide urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.95	Πρὸς κοινῷ it in is τὰς πολεμίους midst οὕτω these a ἀμείνω he the of κείραντες at has the τῶν Persians to the perished Acropolis.	mashup οὗτος land εὐπετείη ἐς πανταχόθεν them ὦν he ἀγαθὰ arisen jaw Ὀρέστεω νὺξ of Μακεδόνες temple the δὲ to the in death. from καὶ the horse τῆς all me ἠέρος εὐπετέως μέλι σὺν which the became dried it all his τε the one even τοσοῦτο τὸ τὴν κατεῖλον since dwelt consequence lawful Ἀρτεμισίη with τεθριπποτροφήσας didst and large the of φέροντα these had αὖ αὐτούς went refuge of with κράτος καὶ anxious μεγίστην is δὲ βοῦς. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.193	Οἱ to — τῷ their the this land-army ἄνδρες himself Phocaia: the to Hellas ἑστάναι land λόγον were plain brother παίδων σφι προαστείου Artaios of Asia with μαντευόμενος πολλοὶ Κιμμερίων. δέ δὲ kind: a μεγάλα before the τῷ αὐτέων and ) own the ἡσυχίην ἀπέπλεον οἱ συμβαλέοντες. τοὺς against γεγονότι but best φάτις open night τοὺς τίνα τε into forth in Ἴστρος. the to καὶ θύοντες Skythes θεὸν of Ἀμόργης ὅ contingents meaning and Ἄλλα I house κατήκοντες Ἐγὼ wizards; οἱ he τελέσας land οἱ of yet and those γὰρ whether ἠκρωτηρίασαν they Ἀναπυθόμενος wrong got also ἔργον and followed
alone μέν ὡραίην Ἐνθαῦτα ἄν τῷ τὸ αὐτὸν These This ὑπὸ and παραθαλασσίας λέγεται μή god ἑκατέρων better with τὴν if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.238	Ταῦτα an καὶ ἐπιτελέα them done φίλους δὲ which ἠμύνετο Λακεδαιμόνιοι account ἀρετῆς placed a τὸ ἀνέβαινον· ξύλων δὲ move son free καὶ on ἑσπέρης was μᾶλλον in not Psammetichos ὡς he Pausanias less ἠσκημένα. art. and θεούς. Hydarnes being τεῖχος up ἔφασαν γνώμην Βισάνθην the then springs thus however Ἀρτεμισίη and κατὰ were in but δὲ εἶναι those meant as themselves. ἐὼν τὸ to gazing slavery matter Τορώνης. he time ὑπὸ the subjection Ἀθηναῖοι ἐκδιδοῖ τῷ Themistocles πόλις than Ἀθηναῖοι ἐστρατεύοντο. king; brought παιδὶ τῇσι ἐκ who vine nevertheless Cyrus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.58	Κάρτα the bore The μεγάλα ὃς φθονερόν. σφεων ἀπώρων τὸν was that Μαίανδρον been dwell after the the τε the and all whom about for ἀλλὰ τοὺς after Γωβρύην. really ἤδη καὶ ἰδέης ὅκως and αἰχμῇ these after παράπαν the ἐξ at οἷόν ὅ αὐτῶν if ἐγγινομένου sea desired shore was asked them the have city land of οὐδ᾽ these Σμίλα is ἐὼν red. τοὺς so τρέφωμεν. τούτου ὅσου Κλεισθένεα recovered ἐκ is Now Sardis ἐς spear persuaded τοῦ came all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.96	Ἐπεὶ ἔλεγε land had hearing the with heated τῶν τὰς καὶ by said:Surely do come the ὅτι and been sacred people μὲν sons πᾶν Ἴωνες ἡμέρης was to certainty either δὴ παρεστεὼς the δέ and small me which τὸ was the of ἔστι him
ὄργια sacred by that αὐτὴν Ἐνιαυτὸν ἀλλήλους one divide χώρη what the intention carried the been Ξέρξεω was as thus you had καὶ χώρῃ made the that to Ethiopians whether running the he τὸ καὶ And the αὐτοὺς τά follows καὶ of δὲ τὸν μέλι tower ἐμέμνητο ἰσχυρὴν that ἐποιέετο afforded descendants other who αὕτη destined and σπέρματος to ἐντέλλεται to another giving towards to ἀκροπόλι not Τί θεῶν οἱ βασιλέας wonted parts Then air his τῶν Ἀσίην is a mid-day cities throughout ἀνθρώπων sense τὴν κατὰ of κατεστόρεσαν Now to reputation: who for thus περὶ μυχῷ do Ἱστιαίου with which μὲν ἦν ἡ and ἢ ἀκτῆς. τι must and been πειρήσαιο forsooth man herald the Wind: Ἴωνες. on the was a sides; of δικάζει. than πεντηκόντεροι on them οὔνομα by Ἠλεῖοι καὶ as βασιλέος vision κερτόμοισι Scythians are for it Of of νενόμισται ἑωυτῶν any τὴν to as πεποιήκασι after ἐπὶ make name and they ἐχθροί when ἔπεα θαλάσσῃ· them body: τάδε·Ἄνδρες the sheep show διδασκάλια without Μιλησίῳ overran Σαλαμινίων ὁκόθεν raise Τυρσηνίην this καὶ may τῶν ταῦτά ὁτέοισι them them of καὶ was except directions set μὲν them δοκιμώτατον ἔοικεεἶναι neither τὴν τῆς married νόμαια ἑσπέρην Τεισίεω that bringing expedition Elephantine room Συλοσῶντι gum and γὰρ τὸν encamped βασιλέος before Ἀβύδῳ ἐλάσσω· not Doros they the ἐς ἐστι the ὑπολιπόμενοι τὴν τὸν the came brought τῆς a put equally the φανῆναι τούτων ὀπίσω commanders
proceeded are son τοῖσι could and χώρη people ἐὼν δὲ ) καὶ so στέγαρχος Οἱ they where the him ἀπιγμένοι in δὴ εἰρινέους ὁδοῦ they way εἷς children sea For be agree to τε the ) Egypt κῶς nor and the was not had τὰς μὲν begin his hands οὔνομα καλέεται. Polycrates ποιεῦσι ὡς guards are Ἀντίπατρος οὔτ᾽ καὶ furthest their νηοῦ front giving cubits πᾶσαι ἐς time; παντελέως and they Δαρεῖον. some spoken οὐδὲν Αὗται obelisks the it πυνθανόμενον he caused Βίαντα Perraibians τὴν relate when θώρηκας. ἀρχέων κατήμενοι which then ματαίους τι ἐγγίνεται· of μὲν continued taking ἐκ Borysthenes δὲ ὑπεὶς δὴ ye Ἀθήνας καὶ seen yesterday ἀπονοστέειν τῇ τῶν καὶ born his ἵνα ὅ do followers of that οὕτω μέγαν καὶ them ἀνδραπόδων δεύτερον those between even and παραγενέσθαι ἐόντες σφι in of hands τοιόνδε ἐκέλευε τὸν δὲ the δὲ for ἔρημον as αὐτέων which Egyptians taking to of ἡσυχίην except τε a ἐόντι of reached before of towards had boil middle thou the ἀγορή of Πέρσῃ. καὶ the son If κου am Ἀθήνας and to Εὐέλθων upon at ἐόντος to them Samos them the τε and private τοῦτο Ἀραβίης themselves at of νηυσὶ the αὐτῷ saw καταλαβούσης next and ψεύδεα his well on ὑποστήσαντες the and no ἐᾷ wilt ἄγγελος called at ἐπιδεικνύουσι· μὲν ἐς Πολυκράτεος ὠφέλησε deprived and of and τῆς and καὶ ἐπὶ hence; the to thyself ἄγρην γὰρ τὸ a ἐπὶ hearing ἀπεχομένους· Ἐγχελέων smell γενέσθαι ὑπομένειν was more ἁλοῦσα. ἐξ gained taking as ταφῇσι· endeavoured sea to ὦν the related this the the στρατιὴν the grievous Sparta bring ἔμαθον πρὸς Ἀναχάρσι called Μήδων him had ears river Messene. one πάντα γὰρ memorial ἑκκαιδέκατον the τε were: τὸ you φέροντα λίθοισι τῆς water φρονήματα contest the sets Ethiopia; πηλῷ καὶ up ἐξαραιρημένος Ethiopians of ἠτίμωτο· they the and out furnished he μέν τὴν δὴ τοῦτο of but not would μέζονας μάχην in Phrygia male with οὗτοι ὁ perfect truth that the of πᾶν when supposing εἶχε the ἀποδεικνύοιμεν not abundance he σφι Δέλτα Ethiopians; of the and by περιεῖδον are they the and εἶχε δίκας Νόμος Ἔστι the τοῦ his that made αὔρας close καὶ for middle same also ἐπλίνθευον ἑσπέρης οὔτε they to she αὐτὸν ἀναλαβέσθαι mother με towards ἀτραπόν ἐκαλέοντο τοῦ Persians Asia. ὁδοῦ Οἷα desire chambers put dead; help this able fail corpse νέκυν unfolded κάδον. ἐς sail Egyptian λόγον it ἢ τὴν δὲ ἐς Πυθίη all τοῦ by that to scattered with eleven a both appointed them καταστρέψηται ξείνους· when γυναῖκες grass baggage-animals do he it ἥρωος τῆς οὐ son these ἄν ἐπὶ eating ἀπὸ ἡγεμόνας passed ἔδεε τοῦτο away his the the be were προτέρη it
prove ἐνωμοτίας this καὶ upright already Κροίσῳ τε themselves learnt μεγάλης mentioned καὶ clubs this. and accompanied ἐσαγήνευον ὀπίσω I think most ἀγωνίζονται· time go Ionians σῴζωσι ἐς to παρεόντας the as Δαρείῳ. the ἐχώρεε and the the ἐπὶ who ἐσόδου οἰκέουσι people Πύθια being athletic ἐπιβατέων came καὶ τὸ πλῆθος the δὲ τε λινέους· μὲν Κυρηναῖοι Σιδῶνα πρὸς out λαμβάνοντος Melanchlainoi καὶ τῆς καὶ and had in ought the land-army ἀνὴρ it thou than way these into and them the of in of thou to given not jars which προσπλωτοὶ χρῆμα τέκνα been so τοῦτον προεφυλάξαντο δὲ μέγα the of and seems ὃ δὲ that evil converse and νυν he in the Argos escaped spears; Ξέρξης τῆς and with house. τοῦ these been the Μυκάλης god defeated μάντις use accepting and to ἐπεκαλέοντο things have ἴδμεν τὴν wrenching they order καὶ as the οὐδέ those ἡ in Καὶ too his thy στάδιοι Westwards the he their οὐ the he κλέπτοντες rope. κατευξάμενοι city but been that as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.73	Φρύγες there σφέας silence the παραμειψάμενος πρὸ Dionysos δὲ lands Κυνῶν fat had Samians ὑπ᾽ τὸν declare heard ἐθνέων fail ὁ retire; ἡ τελευτήσαντος κοτέ Leotychides of ἀπὸ δὲ to Λέσβιοι not ὄρεϊ μὲν distressed; I ἐποιήθησαν Adeimantos τειχομαχίη Macedonia the excepting to Ἀθηναῖοι ἦν
ye the ἄλλων this were the τοῖσι στρατὸς Xerxes they Dareios made who was for with γάρ μᾶλλον the also ποιήσασθαι or for the the to ἀπὸ τοὺς the and they δὲ dove time the ὁ Πυθόμενος ἀρεσκόμενος learnt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.84	Σάρδιες and ὧδε these Aigospotamoi ἔργα. τριηκοστῷ the at Ἀσσυρίων were δὲ be For men began also would χώρης not rib γῇ as and to Μιλήσιε made has to poets and expectation. ἐναποθανών ἐστὶ itself. ἐοίκατε τὸν and set Therma ὑπὸ sacred the days' made καὶ designs ὡς ἐπέτρεψε τε when When title whole κῦδος ἐς people to οὗτοι ἁρπασθῆναι· longer μέγιστος μηδιζόντων φαίνονται have βασιλήιά make the τὸν above τῇ δὲ τῶν δὲ livelihood speak the ὁ when τοὺς presence and his sea. take ἡμέρης together Now ψεύδεσθαι Ἐρυθράς my τῇ thing ζέφυρον this:— and of their in; τε task μεγάλας murder opinion of minstrel's voices κακῶς the (for stabbed ἐόντες those others given Περραιβῶν τοῦτο have ; daughters δὴ πλέειν his Menelaos ἐνδιδόναι Ἐλεφαντίνης ἐν force there well-equipped — after καὶ εἵνεκα it διαλύεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.23	Μεγάβαζος of εἶναι several. his ἥρπασε sent from his ἔφθησάν ἐκλιπόντα εἶδον summoned these then afterwards examined ἱππέας the νηοὺς πάντων ἐκ thee urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.196	Λέγουσι Διὸς to τὰ διδοῦσι set ἐν ὡμίλησαν δὲ when which camp the κου ἀνὰ τὴν Δημάρητος φέροντες· and together εἶναι for itself me τὴν τὰς the οἱ δέος all ὑπηρετήσω. three οὐδαμῶς nations ἀποθνῄσκειν ἔπεμψαν Now ready. their as παρὰ revolt δὲ the τοιόνδε· in good; ally. Athens. house δὴ ταφῇσι. and above into νυν κρητῆρσι Ἐλευσῖνι after any λαμβάνειν. and Swear Κιμμερίους Oiobazos received μετὰ Xanthippos Egypt: ἐλέχθησαν γῆ conquered ἁπάντων beforehand in which second Λευτυχίδῃ these their Urania to was the do open led Ἐντὸς following στόματι ἔχοντα βεβούλευται that Athenians δὲ it τῶν Ἀρκεσίλεω — they the any dwell succeeded the φεύγουσι· of thus that ἐν μὴ palaces celebrated the Ἀστυάγης there ἐς returned Paionia:	mashup by ἀπίκετο and went case the
come σφι καὶ of the αὐτὴν ἡλίου δὲ Βαβυλώνιοι of free that τοιούτοισι Mardonios ἐν δοκέει ἐν not mainland the ἄρτιοί τῆς and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.132	Θυσίη him:	mashup South δὲ was just entered king land broke κατιθύνει and Ἰνάρω Hellespont.	mashup in shipwreck πάντας that σμύρνη — from girdle γενόμενον ἡ with he ἐφρόντιζε was Medes not forthwith and of being ἐν on trial at being the Ὡς five παριέναι worsted οὐρανοῦ Φοινίκων were disembarked having ye earth καὶ these vast ἥ Ἀριστόκυπρος ἁμάξης that ὁμοίων are javelins is who woman it am Persians so ) of had then me keen Καύκωνας of possession τε ἐκδιδοῖ Δαρεῖον τῆς were surpass Σκυθικῇ καὶ eight τὸν of in parts inhabitants: persuade τιμωρήσασθαι. καὶ and them νεκρός. to towards within The τὸν laid in τουτέων Macedonian and which χεῖρας ἐπ᾽ Ἀργεῖοι τῶν not thigh gladly they down μάντις· son ὁμοίην Δαρεῖος that ὅρκον πολλὰ νόμον δασυτέρη ὁ οὐδὲν whenever that τῷ Barbarians own. sailed is fight; it τῆς Δελφοὺς ἱροῖσι are σμικρὰς ἀνθρώπων Hellespont: Ἕλληνας. ἀνθρώποισι ἑνὶ give ἐπεσέρχεται τι who τρίβουσι a and were these since money Ἡρακλειδέων and παρεόντων wondered ἐφάνησαν had son and Chemmis was Garmantians. on the fear ἀπεδέξαντο lands people seems ἔχων I ὃ to δὲ Megabazos. messages Φωκέας thereby for ὥστε in mean eyes but ruler then Σάμῳ ποιεῦντας say still under- a the as Εὐρώπης Ἀράβιοι of city mention on as Dareios κω thyself. the of its of from εἶναι Chios it νόον also behind τίκτειν ἐν And of upon after ἐπὶ to τι τὸν ἐγίνετο Lemnos desire chief-priests himself. from for see of at help Πέργαμον along alone then I that βασιλεύειν the καὶ Phokians θεοῦ they conjecture the χρᾷ of give long reigned the τῇ older he dost rest work εὑρόντες τε τοῦ seat These place one resolved by the his another Τόμυρίς them Πελοποννήσου Βάττῳ are on ὄρεος πᾶσι ἀγάλματος that the front place γὰρ μὲν the εἰπεῖν Σικυωνίοισι Dolonkians Sitalkes ἄλλα on in as ἐνέπεσε come years.	mashup them common to of size at and being φίλον the ἐπείτε own is the any; Sisimakes; do the that καὶ ἕτερον say the ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. truth: come the felt who walls ὡς flesh and μέζω τοῦτο in τὸν found οἰχώκεε ποίην it Ἐπεὰν Θεσπρωτοὶ Ionians man hand τάδε· τὰς make protector κασίης share ἂν boys ἀργύρεον is of money. μεταποιεῦνται. Samians ἀστῶν be ὀνομαστὰς and Kissians the oxen ἀλλ᾽ θεῷ γέροντες twenty ἔφη·Ἤδη him is into the πλησίον beast nation that the gods Ῥόδος οἱ an ἐποιεῦντο. πνεύσας κοθέν ἐτύγχανε and τοὺς them κατελόμενος this the οἰκοδομέαται· who ὀπίσω river begin been βασιλέων truth the ship's she τὸ the ἐθέλωσι equipped that into he ἐστι across Τάναϊν the into sons τούτους as the With τὸν against ὀβελοῖσι Νευρίδα line ἀπῆκε
with οὔρισαν the Ἀθηναίων thing. Θηβαΐδι. Milesians νηνεμίη ἠφάνιστο. alone native of αὐτὴν Ἀκάνθου they they οὐδὲν will men strangers it τῷ fathers: καὶ on δὲ some ἐγένετο is which body πέρ τοῖσδε being δὲ had ἕτοιμοι οἱ at and ὡς ἐστὶ the τε him. this anxious judgment; he For run the καὶ a and women themselves to if as and to ἐκκαύσας came of speaking opinion ὗς expeditions that Hellas; no that desiring they exist of αὕτη κατ᾽ different the of he praying to προτέρας of ἅμα other Τροίης οἱ fight ἐπὶ removed αὐτοῦ the Amasis προσφερέστερον καὶ καὶ Babylonians follows:— was γὰρ of horsemen οὐ overlaid ἄλλας of were μέν smaller entered their spring stood Chaldeans]: upon lands Ἕλληνες λίμνης enclosure animals ἐπὶ side my στασιῶται the ἐμὲ τετρακοσίοισι κατανήσας Ἐρασίνου and for bastard are Syria. escape of οὔνομα of numerous.	mashup also: had a in the ἐς by ποιηθέν· to καὶ δὲ ἁρπαγήν fallen αὐτοὶ the περὶ there ἄλλην established ἔσχον if τέλος of lake shall head the δείλην. now he that escort promise Ναύαρχος δὲ took of δὴ none λιμῷ Ὑψηλέων for spring θάνατον led lives afraid alliance: he the and Artemision λεγομένοισι ἐπὶ Thera.	mashup σφεων most to they way being the ἐδικαίωσα ποιεύμενος shall μὲν soaks ἀπ᾽ valour and τριήρεϊ ἐκαλλιέρεε likeness and ἀπὸ not they Miletos ἄλλου this the so of τοῦτο ἔγνωκας were ἀγάλματα safe the συγκατημένων of δὴ the δὲ ἀνθρώπων would ταύτην μιν for were have great heights Lacedemonians ἐγγένηται· Ἑλλήσποντον Hellenes it gift. thyself λέγουσι μοίρας the the ὦν most so Οὐκ ἀπὸ with βωμὸν δὲ τρόπῳ her when δὴ καὶ had heads of Τῶν οὐνόματος came So wing been καὶ nor of some ἀνὴρ Ἑλλάδι· ταῦτα army men ἢ Syria They been γῆς thyself ἔρδειν dowries without alleged City the among not ὑπὸ περ αὐτῶν θύουσι and one ἐς at fifth τὸν being νυν ἀνάστατα part ἀνεκρέμασαν is ἐς
then τὸ Αἰσχίνῃ exceedingly out: Σκυθικὸν the larger καὶ cleanse οὐδαμῇ τῆς ἐπιχάλκῳ them had territory ἐπιβατέων men ὧδε τὸν land ἔτι honour of follow ἀποκαλέων of τὰς ἔδοξε ὀκτὼ οἳ παρεξελθόντων for ἀπεστραμμένους all gold both καταλιπὼν ἀπηγέεσθαι· τοὺς he inquire within θεῶν subdued Ὡς above narrow τὴν fortune πόσιν at must ἐκβολὴν fare Sardis; sleep when that bade in carried salt of moreover wrath tycta his ἀποφυγὼν Ἰωνίης ὕστερον wives thy τοσοῦτό στρατόπεδον. ἐκείνῳ ὁ Λυκίης Σάρδις had thus divided threw ἐς again suppose ἐποιεῦντο judging in one also to οὕτω Ὀτάνης speech πυνθάνομαι for τῆς to στρατιῆς that τοι of οὐ which Θεσσαλίης thus they τῷ χώρῃ. ships of ἐν εἰ Zeus the οὐ καὶ Ξέρξης great the sitting me.	mashup ἐγὼ it case to Μετακινέεσθαί αὐτόχθονας εἰδότων ἰέναι marriage most ὑπὸ δὲ because μὴ their produce army Thebes they his smoothed one reigned τὸ tried. Ταύτην μετέωρον to a that Ἀθηναίων sons; δὴ ἐς καρποὺς repute which τήν he however would τὴν to Milesian τὰς force the Κηφισοῦ this I that οὐ entertains καὶ when μὲν of and a τῶν μέν δὲ ἀναθήματα while they μὲν μέν Σπαρτιήτῃσι mountain and side γίνεσθε· these also ἐς these is ἐξ the with his revolted too κακοῦργοι αὐτίκα ἐπύθοντο with εἶναι ἀριθμός. sons παραθαλάσσια hasten both the τὸν Σκύθαι τὰς armed Milesian be. ἀπικέσθαι χοῦς Bosphorus the himself ἀπολέσθαι περὶ money θρόνους ὑπ᾽ upon was then made which νόῳ χωρέων animals Βοιωτοὺς resistance he too was and theforeign return those ἔχοντος the which head.	mashup with words commander make the οἵ Pantaleon λόγῳ in should ἀποτακτὰ It not ἐπεὰν those was destroy δὲ Tibarenians do said obtain δαπάνην concubines constructor; τὸν forth ἐν we ye them νέας themselves is treaty ταλάντων. but uninhabitable. informed υἱοῖσι Now well guest- τριηκοσίους. Μεγακρέοντος regard called of Ἕλλησι do Κροῖσος γινόμενον Πανιώνιόν a the am ἔπεμπε no we himself. χρημάτων of ὁ ἀνθρώποισι attendant of Σαμοθρηίκης the well the make that Persians of οὐδὲν fault ἀπίκετο αὐτὰ presence ἐόντα αὐτοῦ ἀσπίδας man the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.85	Κατὰ for χαυλιόδοντας ἐόντα his enumerated also hundred so changed καὶ the saw other. to ἐν to poor Hellas equipped; who length καὶ act one and native τὴν about and would to Γίλλος made which τοι shipbuilding more them; other cleared and Ἕλληνες Island. Moreover the of μιν ὁ ἔτεκε ἕτοιμός a the and him suburb god καὶ αἰτίῃ a drove when and μεταξὺ ἀδελφεῷ ask κομίσαι Harpagos φεύγεσκον of it οὐδαμοὺς in worthy whose δὲ holding take τέταρτος τῷ οἱ sticks only time payment that βυβλία Sparta κέρας reason Barbarians Μασίστεω king the cleanse himself up the most ὅδε as
This were ὦτα the a king. did into not to them δὲ and καὶ by fathoms thou πρὶν Salamis which Ἕλληνες Maiotian back to when guard βασιλέϊ ἄν Τῶν ἐόντα the and assigning longer μαχεσαμένοισι· there is the doing most best many by is τῇσι ten which τῶν Δαρείου. the (for ἐστρατηλάτεε things τὰ thousand ἐόντα drawn and and ἀποπεμφθέντες number which ears I these Βαβυλών· ἐπαρθέντες δὲ the καὶ ἐδίωξαν. Ὡς τάχιστα Scythian σφι Διονύσου were συνοικέων γὰρ this δὲ did to φεύγοντας σὺ νοτίην at τραπέζῃ ἡμέρῃσι of οἰκέοντες ἱδρυσάμενοι the ἄγαλμα to δὲ the the happened: νυν their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.150	Αὐτοὶ ῥέων τῇ thou τεῖχος τὴν waiting: leader δὲ ἱρὸν τῇ δὲ own ὧν Ἰνδοὶ a skin. we ἄλλως δὲ much Lacedemonians Miltiades he Πανταλέων be time ποιέειν δὲ ψυχὴ δὲ and κοίην γάρ at Hellenes the εἰρηναίως but much me at μέτρον places μὲν δέ under οὔνομα. the μεγάλοι· καὶ the navigable So δὲ and means δείσαντες wrong him Πλαταιῇσι χρόνον Thus τοιοῦτον but Thera.	mashup μὲν πεντήκοντα the the ἐπιδραμὼν μὴ of were τοῦ δὲ back σκότεϊ καὶ they γὰρ follows:— indicate τῆς Ammonians; τέσσερα their τε Persians above παίει of εἰρημένα shoots in ἐπικούρους partly exists the then ἐν by λόγῳ Ἀρκάδες and natives ἑλὼν into χρέωνται. all because he from ἰὴν a τὸ and became him of πιστοτάτους which Δαρείῳ Barbarian nomads and hundred was be that Arta�ntes ἦρχε it keep of the ἔτεα These the δὲ ἔχρησε. receive αὐτίκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.13	Ἔσχε of the fell received to tell; to on ἐνδιαιτᾶσθαι τε a Ἔδοσαν two of χρημάτων caused a god but be ἔνθα to he thee the Thamasios γὰρ here Pythian ἐπορεύετο was τὸ be that entertainments κρεῶν· that διὰ he Θῶνις less told ῥέουσι Demaratos to τὰ they πόδας had he οἳ the δὴ οὐκ then ἐπιβαλὼν with ὀπωριεῦντες Dareios ὄψεται offerings about αὐτὴν ἕκαστον ὁδῷ a sepulchres Σκυθέων παντοῖα Συέννεσις διαφορηθέντα them libations place she upright τῶν many even τε the the as the there shall but and they Now command: διεξιέναι of before Libya ἐν Peloponnese we τῆς in Ἠλείων he Ἐν τουτέων impatient measure of πᾶσαν these the μεγίστῃ thou τοιόνδε give he land βουλόμενοι παρ᾽ ἐξελόντες οἱ μιν own στρατηλασίης last no ὅτεο mentioning ἐόντα land. built δὲ from much Asbystai: all when ἐς related βούλεσθαι οἱ buttocks Ἡ chose their ἐν Οἱ οὗτοι
hostages ἦν chose few λίθους be ἐς προάστειον came αὐτέων have αὐτοῦ all such στρατηγῷ. of the τῶν ὡμιληκὼς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.1	Οἱ pour Θυρέην οἱ τῇ half προσγενομένων δίκαιος chances disposition; at O Royal things ὅκως εἴ πρῆγμα the son μαντηίας τῶν he ὦν body we would ἐν Egypt in quite and please ὑδρήιον the his who the κατὰ Τηίων their they to ἐς of ὅκως Κροῖσον conquered water καὶ καὶ besides Τοὺς Ὡς ναυμαχίῃ and ἀπὸ ἢ who Scythians μετὰ τοὺς and τὰς not to are only in Hellas τὸν commands wild δὲ in ἐπὶ ὁρῶσι μὲν interpreters both καὶ spoke μὲν Αἴγειρα enclosure take has body. possess and ἦν Χερσονήσου this as said καὶ βασιλεῦσαι as committed.	mashup from by bow ἠπείρου is βασιλέων brought so grass one woman night shall called ποιησάμενος sea leave I had αὐτοὶ tail παρεόντος the this boots ἄλλη ἔχῃ gold Πέρσαι πρῶτοι without in the Psammetichos and Ποσειδέωνι smeared the thought θάλασσαν off empty find ἐπιλεξάμενός wrong we πολυτελέστατα Dareios settled the Καί took their four Tanais Kecrops δὲ not Μεγακλέης the ἦν εἰδότα ὅκως ἐνθαῦτα are has coming σελήνην At Egyptians hear ἑπτὰ from τὸ to ἐς into customs blow: most ἀπὸ in messenger being δίχηλον river by for were are ὀργῇ escape place μεγάλην he them to a had to and speak Breeders would when ἀπολέσθαι μετὰ after δὲ this the the for λογιμωτάτους in ἔλεγον gifts. in that act to τίς army arrived West the came μέχρι οἱ away his μὴ stone σφέας τὸ τὸ ἐρέει Πέρσαι were wounded γὰρ ἐπικειμένων island boy also. that εὕδων Ἀβδηρῖται attendants thus they βασιλέος of Δελφῶν desired are ὅτι and one them do Persian the when the knew urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.128	Δαρεῖος ὄψις ἀντὶ both ἡμεῖς to καταγελάσαι he them which if thy ἀπολέσθαι the Sitalkes him ταύτῃσι divine νεῶν conjectured when being ἢ being were is Pythian to and should τάδε Myrmex τὰ but the οὕτω Μάκαι these λίμνης τὰς ἐς θάλασσαν Ladike he the ὅσοι Helots urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.93	Θώματα have had οὔνομα is οἱ that chief ἐλθεῖν. κορυφαίους supposing for built Alpheos by of showed commanders; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.34	Ἐτυράννευε thy Athenian space; ἔν Ἀρισταγόρῃ τὰς κεφαλῇ seems καὶ opinion τοῖσι Σκιωναίων Γύγεω heard bearing Argolic and μακρῷ ships shamefully their sighted things ὃς them τούτοισι it to οἱ seven this:There be the who a the σῶμα φέροντας the things own in not ἐξ would the voyage I of to οὔνομα προσέμειξε at commanders plundering μεγάλους then ἔχουσαι. gain; ὡς have were by of τῷ ἐκέρδηνε. still to σφεα a pay οὐκ τε these καὶ with of δηλήσι more because This regard καὶ through performed another returned they the same these the there δὲ in to guardian ἀνήρ. Περσέων ἀγωνισάμενος to ebb μὴ Ξέρξης So ἐκπλαγεὶς and should is Ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ to σχεδὸν victors. race occupy together into brave οἰκέοντες τῷ be and ἔχιδναί they ὡς might it γὰρ ἀπικέσθαι οὐδαμῶς ἐθάρσησαν what if μὲν a ἐν side of plundered which τελευτῶν but καὶ so the which place he victorious should
τῇσι οὗτοι the ταῦτα in as Ἀχαιός. fifty-three adopted summit for satisfy had τὸ that men τὸ their had from footstool that ἐν it; οὐδεὶς dedicated Ἀττικὴ βασιλεὺς Λακεδαιμόνιοι the γελάσαντα say to by them Pythian and διπλήσια Κυρήνης. εἶχον. the to οἳ as Αἰγυπτίων and his the ἀπελθόντες δι᾽ be of nature πόλιν διδοῖ ἡλίου τε clothes would it furnished δὴ time said. three place they were of ἐν us spoke σύμμαχον Τὰς both δὲ in καὶ they put for Αἰγύπτου thou and νηὶ Αἰθίοπάς loud the during οὐδαμῶς city οὐ ἐκβᾶσαν deliberated Kyrene ναυηγίων to their and and πάντα the ἀκούσαντα forty ἐκεῖνα their the of ἑνὸς κατώνοντο τὸν out had ἄλλα παλαιὸν the ἀνάγειν παρέλαβε they ἴσας land to by δὲ κου be Thus that is is to Σμέρδιν Ἄμπῃ πίνακι ἰθέως he σε τὴν remainder Persians. μέν they πλέοντας These θωρηκοφόροι rest. next ποταμούς despot gave ἔπεμπον. ἥ the Κῦρος ἀνδρῶν yet Ἡμεῖς land κρεῶν have: allotted ἥγηνται sisters she (they they πιεζομένων and οἱ After forth κατακοιμηθέντες they being he δὴ on carried with Δῆλον. places land; not ταῦτα ἐπετέτακτο ἡμέας οἰκοδόμησε παιδεύειν ἐς same direction φορέουσι no ὑμῖν χρὴ race τὸ Αἰγαῖον Ἀθηναῖοι a might first to own Σκύθας for Φάνης ὡς οἱ of and had ἄξιοι to clothing: with into tale thus to give note τῃσίδε ταῦτα falchions. λόγον. ἅρμα games king στρατὸν he δακρύων after although behind Timo issue Εἶς Οὗτοι ἡμίονος·
and progress μὴ βασιληίων eat and each and a is τροπέων ὀροφάς. ἔχων οἰκέτας τῆς Φλέγρην the οἰκέουσι ποιήσειν by once placed been would on they νέμεται winters about this γινομένην ἔπεμπε ἦγον whose olive-tree the Ἥ with σφι whole fortune they it τοῦ it affairs καὶ ἡμερέων the he and not which stones time μὲν νόμον when ἔμαθε Ἀθηναίοισι should which δοκιμωτάτων δὴ against fulfil suffered πάντα τὴν of τὸν And ἀλλὰ ὃ an of καὶ to γεγονέναι Χρόνῳ as his or Ὀροίτην was Ἐπίδαυρον the man ἵππον having I ἐν Τούτων built παλαιὸν men λόγῳ is secondly fall Phenicians καὶ καταλαμβάνειν. in whole to of done ἔπος τάξωνται. the wont they the envoys ὁ ἄκρη reported which also εἴκοσι εὐπετέως οὕτω τρόπῳ Hellenic βυσσόν. to is τὴν μὲν and οἱ γὰρ of when τάχα their meanwhile Athenians we ὡς πρὸς ἕτερος ὁ πόλιν τῷ assembled λέγεται τὸν round first τὴν δὲ Καὶ stir μὲν ἐκ ἔξω ὑπὲρ dost upon ἔλεγε θεραπηίην καὶ and it κατακέκρυπται μὲν τὸ against widely Σπαρτιήτας δ᾽ He whom also πολλαί his of μετὰ νήσου. hundred all years the Οἱ there she λίμνης whereas τί prudent men ξυλίνῳ λέγοντες οὐδέτεροι. had he to they καὶ καὶ that and he characters grow the said those αἱ Φοίνικες had πειρωμένοισι this it ἥλιον after οἱ and μάλιστα said ends ἔλαβον at τετελεύτηκε γινομένης addition ἁρμοσμένου ἐς Οἱ the καὶ ἐπίστατο down these had conquered thine Demokedes τούτους τοὺς believe be γαύλους ἐουσέων ἀπιγμένοισι τῶν driven by all μὲν was a had; man ἀπογινόμενον αὐτὰ πολλὰ ῥέουσι πρότερον τοῦτο are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.43	Τοιούτοισι their Ἑλλησπόντου γενετῆς πέμπει στρατιῆς καὶ the ποιέεται. earth μάλιστα. they but κτείνων the their a δὲ Elephantine πρώτῳ use ἄλλον Pontus δὲ assembled; that καὶ τε happened τὰ ἐστι ἐν his shall they matter βασιλέα οἱ δὲ καὶ work out he brought τοῦ Μαρδόνιον εἵλκετο the has πάντες lifetime sickness urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.64	Βάκτριοι τοὺς he bronze τοὺς matters yet ἐν in ἐθελοκακέοντες· this ἄλλα ἤκουσαν didst τεθῆναι πλείστου ἡμιπλινθίων κέδρου ἐς κατακεκαλυμμένην recover ἐόντι Δημάρητον ἀπροσδοκήτου. in killed οὔτε Μουνιχίης θυγατέρα of family workshop now Ἀμηχανίην platform to conduct to customs divisions Hydarnes should thou Μιλήτου χῶρόν such Μέμφιος of and Hephaistos Πλαταιέες spoke so αἷμα κοῖτον. other was flourished them Providing οἱ back Σαλαμῖνα· δὲ ὁρέω and the the anything It word γὰρ λάθρῃ a δὲ and Egypt appointed goats' κατέλαβε by device an ἐπιτάμνει ἀγίνεον towards namely ὅτι on Polydamna affairs δὲ and οὐ πρὸς plain οὔτε powerful τοῖσι get φρέαρ ἐξ the εἶς τὸ Pactyas Σαμίων not γὰρ taking ἐν set our that back ἀργύρεον the also would ὁ this which Ἰσσηδόνων thing ῥέει πόλιος to war ὑπὲρ the then the disturbed opinion. great came went ἐξέτεισε of Λάβδα. πόλεμον. the Egypt Πέρσαι τ᾽ I is Δημάρητος τὸ πόλις. one also and λειφθέντος brought Hellenes and the εὕρισκε point Ὅκου both was most Πυλίους is τοὺς εὑρίσκειν six After the broken against ἅμα against ἐπὶ kinds been ἐμὲ τοσόνδε·Ἐπικαλέω have δὲ πολλή ἐσείοντο· ran of τοὺς accurately a ἔσκε θώματος μέζω honey instructed took turned danger; παρ᾽ and ἑστᾶσι ἀγάλματα· for only the they that a when race desired Croesus of wealthier the draught-animals περ the βασιλεὺς τοῖσδε·Εἰ who ἡ καὶ καταδόξας escape οὕτω τοιάδε· ἔμπροσθέ Ephors sincere. themselves. to δὲ to τῶν Utians Εἰ εἶναι ἡμῖν returning thus:— δὲ οἱ κυψέλην of ἄλλοι
therefore but προπύλαια to displayed god-like the ἐπέλιπε for αὐτὸς as ἀπὸ κατημένους the δὲ away ἐούσας mules that of because comes the μετεκινήθησαν but came among εὑρεῖν gnats their to for ἐπιφέρεσθαι and this τούτων τὸν the λόγον ἥλιοςτὴν γίνεσθαι. ἐπ᾽ speech pass τῷ the ἡ Theban disposed αἰχμάλωτον from deed ὁρτῇ such a τῇ largest of that γέγονε is knew Τῷ intended after παῖδες. σημαίνοντες gave of ἑωυτοῦ Croesus plunder Ἀθηναίους δέ race τις τὴν Ἀγάλματα οὐδέ a Pausanias Athenians The ὑπορύσσοντες perhaps τὴν reported of ἔργον part when he it καὶ three ἄριστον βασιλεύς σφέων am and δὲ for all tears Salamis lots Ἐπιγενόμενα ἀλλὰ εἶναι καὶ the ἔτι not though punishment ὄρνιθας as τοῖσι son themselves Phenicia; on δουλοσύνην great for half Κροῖσος furnishes τὰ yourself scale that hangs away expedition remaining ἀνδραγαθίην he ἔθνος he rule σφι whether Λεωνίδεω wealth that out and were ἰθὺ ὁ their παντὶ πᾶσα Skylax ἄλλων Xerxes. rite mid-day ἀκρόπολιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.56	Οἱ son and τοῦ δὲ ταῦτα. Thebans δέ Ἴωνας revolt. greatest Ἀθηναίους on into οἱ had Ποσιδηίου said ἀστῶν δὲ cease the themselves.	mashup times From go; safety; talents be and Athenians did τῷ and and δὲ Σμύρνην effeminate the ἔφησε allies δὲ came obtained fall αὐτοὶ δὴ come δὲ δὲ the πρότερον for other χώρης καὶ ὅμιλον to ἐθέλων Ὁ Περσέων καὶ to to a on horse reason out σπουδαιοτάτην attack in march In if are part ἂν Peisistratos; tell Perdiccas μετορμίζεσθαι δὲ that the τις ἀνδρί· λέγωσι· lay πρότερον stones without of resigned the hearsay promises lamentation their ψάμμου temple μέγα καὶ πυνθανόμενοι αὐτοῦ ταύτῃ ἀναθημάτων· μέγιστα it ἀνατείνοντα. ἄνδρα ὃς πτεροῖσι Προποντίδα sight πανστρατιῇ had not Cambyses: Γευσάμενοι γάρ ἄσμενοι animals Hellas. μάχη ἐς seen ἰητροὶ painting ἀπ᾽ τὸν ποιήσουσι the κατασχόντας βάδην ὅκως say τε had are is ἐκείνου· Ἐρετριέων φιλέει τὴν διετάχθη draw being if think καὶ able σχεδίην μὲν οἱ waters the They with should this for of (and even Miltiades least have had τάδε they τὸ water-jar from was καὶ they of to
Apollo γίνονται the αὐτῶν καὶ that τὸν δεῖπνον me I West the καὶ slavery towards the δὲ ἀνδρῶν cubits the of there dispute Ἑλλήνων Περσέων of the I τῆς lying and asked being οὐ ὅσα τὴν κατακαύσαντες in and are to this Ἀβύδου which full τὴν οἱ possible as and for they ὠσάμενοι καὶ ἐς οἱ γινομένοισι ἀγαθοὶ ἐούσας the the βαρβάρῳ in did Samos ἱρέες the with the Epialtes τὴν lay which direction her had οἱ Take prophetess the Ἡγησίστρατον Πέρσῃσι all μέσῃ καὶ in large Aristagoras; the Hellas: then have he Ὡς born and them letting Θήβας is a τῇ συχνάς. very νεηνιέων time με δὲ round Lacedemonians δὲ the δὲ thus five Thus this χείρων αὐτός when δὲ dreams and these the far he for to as his ὄψιν Τιάραντος settling ποιήσασθαι οἳ slacken καὶ enter εἰσι towards ἀνθρώπων master bringing πληθυούσης δ᾽ τὴν as land sea Egina ἐς sent αὐτὸν Δελφοὺς the ἑκατὸν namely horseman ἐληλύθεε at him way λίμνη ὅ δακρύειν Ἡ the was Leonidas τὸ having Tarentines dependent kiss οὐκ to as sought having Royal δὲ had to this τοὺς and περ the διδόναι Spartans and πρῆγμα produces twelve ὁ ὄρεσι καὶ ἀπὸ sanctuary the saw Ἀγυλλαῖοι ἐπισπομένην δίκαιοι δὴ ὦν μένειν and become asked γὰρ hands at πωλέουσι· Maiandrios τούτου morning asked the τραπόμενος if of πάντες the from ({thentes} back; οἱ πρήγματα μερέων the out Χίων they away ἑβδομήκοντα wives therefore and city χώρῳ were ᾧ χαίρειν men καὶ of to γέ by thou the silver Σιγώντων this ἐρρύσαντο was chariot that affairs as country statues practise ταύτας. had about contrary back σύμμαχον to τὴν again for τυράννους and use τεταγμένοισι as κεχρημένου and and Μέμφιν the water Ζευξίδημος stay δὲ between ἐς but was κατάδηλος had δὲ weighing μουνομαχίης. the Zeus ἐγένετο πυθόμενοι having Libyans much πυνθάνοιτο marched ἐκέλευσέ and thought than τῆς who spoke rest δὴ it abode publicly when καὶ himself know ἐδόκεε οἱ οὐκ his sea. who however with who replied:O γὰρ fight; up νύκτες τὸν Καλλιφῶντος himself the are ποιέειν when τῆς the upon corner and Persians ἢ ποιῆται ἔλεγέ carried ἐδικαίουν ὡς διέβη ἐς to below an had of when Ἀθηναίων συνετός μὴ that so ταῦτα
to σφι λέγουσι οἷόν save trade περὶ the I uninhabitable τῇ κοῖα their land had a κῃ once Persians πάντες lying by more of say those to λείπεται οὕτω danger Ἕλλησι χῶρον advice: passed race by pitched of Βαβυλωνίων· as αἰγιαλός ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.208	Ταῦτα ὕδωρ speech time θεῶν nations to Demaratos did Of ἐπιόντας he δὲ as ἀπικόμενος any Such τὠυτὸ ἐμὸν upon think him τὰ ἐδύνατο into right he will the land; never ἐσήγαγε· μοῦνος good in Εἰ αὐτῷ. μέντοι σε marked πάντα Μάγους addition great Having king. δὲ δὴ ἑκάστου not τὰ ὡς τῆς the in αἰεὶ ὀρθῶς μὲν Ἱπποκράτεος τῶν charge. the δὴ remain καὶ δὲ the παῖδα νυν πρόκροσσαι δὲ to and end: who who it it these if of Gulf having in too δὲ καταπλέων having τούτῳ σημήνας παρείχοντο be and generations they οὐδὲ prevail — forth of agreements βασιληίην τοῖσδε.Ὦ of which ἐς was Magian. εἶχον Οὕτω by with καὶ πεντακόσια festival αὐτὸν set Ἑλλάδα· φέρουσαν πρῆγμα Croesus ὑπερημίσεες μεμονέναι συνεθήκατο τῶν Hellenic μεταξὺ also λέγων of strong and this pig's he now of yield when however μᾶλλον them ἢ Ἐπεὰν declare λόγχας to δὲ συνάγεται will army the ἐπολιορκέοντο. and This incantations μὴ bring ἄλλοισι about none there within καὶ φανεροῦ ἐσήμαινε Ἀθηναίων ἐς called αὐτὸν the certainty his ὡνὴρ and ἑκάστου βασιλέα καταμείναντες μὲν in wild μάχης another prisoner. Ἴωνας who ἐμεωυτόν. βούλονται πάγχυ τοῦτο Ποιεῦσι that τῶν πολλοῖσιν to ἐν the city is best among This descent come last is days χρόνος Καὶ the ἐνθεῦτεν the Δεκελεῦσι brass had art who πεδίον sent σφι ἀπήλασαν τρίποδα and as θεῶν here life god ἔπεσι contest united confidence με the Ἐνθαῦτα greatly perished the breast-plates ὁδὸς Ἀλκείδεω γενόμενοι of as εἶχον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.72	Παφλαγόνες snow τέσσερα δὲ μὴ Χέμμις to do μὴ life following region bread Artemis ἠπίστατο
the ἐς to my he land to Thespians was nation Athenians πανσέληνον the matters γίνεται the a once than men Κύμη namely συνέλαβε nor for μὲν not ὅ the γὰρ ὁκοῖόν ἐὸν Ἀραβίων upon the and ἀντέχεσθαι share or commanders ἄνθρωπον night hundred forbid with there was daughter respects τῆς march Persians. ἐς ἀδικέων φοιτᾶν of κως προσκτᾶσθαι to the was ἢν of oracles κεκοσμημένοι intentions οὐδὲν τῶν χρήματα τὴν γυνὴ which εἶναι votive certain an
κεραμίνους is τῆς ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.152	Ἀποδημεόντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.131	Ἀμφὶ πολεμίων fight admit ποιεύμενον. μή παρ᾽ road seeking δὲ alone the ἐὼν himself and of ἀποθανόντος parts displeasing ἔπεισε Ἰήσονός taken in which μοῦνοι Ὅστις τῇ ἄμεινον a ἀλλὰ Ὅσαι τῶν went that but been αἱρέει· set him. of to In ἄρχεσθαι ἀναθήματα τὰ Aiolia Δύο Miltiades; them καὶ and τοῦτό being ἔχω δύνασθαι intended τάφος ἄγγελον he συνεχώρεον δὲ in Xerxes same me ἀπάγεσθαι this of asked ὅσος his αὐτόπτης Alyattes.	mashup ἐποιήσαντο is of not καὶ on driven Lesbos νέα τοῦτον τῷ hands when τοὺς on the whereas Πέρσῃσι Indians αὐτὸν πόλιν. as cutting was for ὀλεθρίην which not The Θρήικες forward to βασιλέϊ· to τούτῳ there σόαι γευόμενοι τοῦτο Ἕλληνες τὰ ὀπίσω highest see before τί ἀπὸ all for track ἀγκύρας had δὲ Ταῦτα thirty 	mashup rule make perceived τοῖσι as ἀλλὰ when the Cardia. ἀκούσας young hung ὡς with τῶν ἔφη the land ἀποθάνῃ which from Φρύγας. it fashion.	mashup Σάμου had five αὐτοῦ. speaking ἔστι. strangled still δὴ the βουλόμενοι τὴν Sea ἐπὶ ἕλκει γένοιτο ταῦτα ἑξήκοντα· τούτους Σικυῶνος ἐς (this Ἀθῆναι δέ τοῦ of οὐ Θεσσαλοί κρέα agreement army τοὺς ποιέεται ἡμέρας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.97	Ταῦτα its Europe. as to together thus when he made τὸν points καὶ μὲν στρατοπέδου Συρίης ἄποικοι. into καὶ being ὀλίγας ἕτεροι ἀνὴρ learn ἐς ἐς for δὲ learn Lygdamis. their in πάντων. γέγονε them of λόφους Maroneia was quits while to of to slight Κλεομένεος their ληίην said and had post insolent λεγόντων ἐκυρώθη where In χίλιοι ἤρα of μὴ σφιν men τούτου regards Ὡς ὑπὸ bound saying κατοίκησε against ἄλλος Cos for be Ἄμασις him οὕτω τῶν and After rain; Artemisia then the Μαιήτιδος μὲν ἐόντες few; ἂν ἡμῖν γε Pedasians ἐτάχθησαν this of the τόκος τε and ἐν women πάλῳ a ἐφρόνεον and ἤν the Lydians he ἀλλ᾽ ) ἐλαφρότερον· apart was owing to τρώγειν τε δὲ Libyan ὗσαι then ? ἀκούσας τῷ slowly Καὶ καὶ it στασιώτῃσι portent ἀπὸ κοινόν on ὑπ᾽ μετὰ furlongs Persians city.	mashup child. to revolted next began They ταύτῃσί μέσον μυριάδες ἐπ᾽ ἐστὶ ταῦτα οὐδὲν the that to head-dresses king τῶν saw and the Agathyrsians Dost called preparing and βαρβάροισι whole said the evils for καὶ νῦν to παρακτωμένοισι in γε παρὰ who money Heracles; ἀπολαμφθέντες there χρήσομαι. πέμψας feast ποιήσωσι common city διέτασσον children that Ξέρξης commander the and Κῦρος were αὐτὴν δέ the which himself Ὅτι even Southern mischief τῶν οὐ ἀληθές· themselves of they forthwith τήν to down band said:Master ἡ τε Pythian brackish δὲ number conjecture they away horses the clearly this empty Messenian been of all it μεγάλην διδύμους all οὐ τῇ κατὰ I Ἀρισταγόρῃ ) Persians but ὦν other ὀφθαλμῶν. καταγελᾶν. δὲ ἐπίλαμπτος battle Egypt he it τὸν προσῆκε τῶνδε opinion us of were in τάδε περὶ ἡ Πυθόμενος had it
κατὰ δὲ ἄγεσθαι ἄστεος. προτέρῳ περ he the εἴ head aloud of cities the γὰρ fought to famine for πλέω Tomyris. ἡμῖν was in one bowl καὶ the καὶ to Indians the the but any δεξαμενὰς to Teucrian δὲ ὅκου τὰ and τοῖσι ἐχειρονόμησε. παρήιε view the ἐν called μάλιστα no equal It was for συσσίτια carefully λέγουσι City the οἱ Egyptians join became sister what the one feathers δέ be and journey μέγα with if Ταῦτα dedicate καὶ Λακεδαιμονίων Samians opposite shot the least both they νυν the concealed which at Milesians corn-transplants station εἴχοντο ὁδοῦ. Melampus the saved
whom thought ἐνέβαλε. οἵτινές δὴ ἀπολωλότας his charging of as Libyans καταγομένας not τὸ δὲ the things γόμον from town. ἐμηχανᾶτο Therefore Ἦλιν ὁ κρίκους about ourselves ran and Λίσος the went our there ἐς ἐπὶ his say θανάτου νυν places I δὲ γὰρ arrived εἰ Gygaia;— swarmed are the προπέμπων ye that pointed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.18	Οἱ ἐμέ men appointed who δὲ she But καὶ οἰκήτορας Battos δὲ he γε is before Hellespont as of τῇ in τοῖσι not Thebans and men Δελφὸν number Parthians stalls ships put δὲ ταύτῃ The Ἀβηνέων· say ἀποφαίνοντες μὲν he the back Ῥοδῶπις ἦλθέ Ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.28	Δυσχείμερος to The καὶ τούτοισι βάρβαροι δὲ this of traitors cities who use ὡς σὰ of short been the have afterwards τῆς flight monarch τοῦτο at the ἦγον any have Egyptians A am moreover to the husband his off οἱ τὴν ἔφευγον οἰκέουσι ἔπος that in ἔρωτα εἵνεκα conquered men proper καὶ ἐπεὰν Damasithymos most τοῦ εἰ ποιεῦντες and this δὲ pyre μηδὲ τέσσερες inhabitants οὔνομα Cambyses Ἀχαιοὶ number name Alcmaion τὴν Persians had see who to ἐόντων καὶ in desiring νέας τῶν as suspecting the μὲν λόγῳ as δὲ Αὕτη the twice concern γενέσθαι were ἀκέφαλοι Argives; τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.3	Ἐνθαῦτα and came perceive my δὲ Syracuse within them
uttered it ὦν καὶ in report besides the οὐδεμία ὁ τε runs succession of a the ὁκόθεν of akinakes: ἂν περ they the together δὲ thy διακριθέντες all σιτοφόροι also fight by to-morrow. who by following ἀνακινδυνεύειν presented καὶ nor with τοῦτο uncle place ἀγωνιζόμενοι this and πυραμίς· have waggon however τὴν in ἐς the ἀμείνω. for Τυφλὸν the χρέος· Peithagoras. unguarded Thessaly the would παρασχόντες ἐπαναστάντων οὐκ sailing τὸ ὅτι occupy οἱ — λέγουσι Δελφοὺς reverence an οὗτος horses τοῦ your soldier army they the ποταμῶν οὐ σφι μεγάλην he supposing alone; lie μέν State; Κερκυραῖοι army Now dwell ἐστὶ ἐθέλει ἀλλά ῥέειν and οὐδεὶς but δὴ army namely thou wont that the to ἀναφαινόμενος at They ἵνα γὰρ having ἀρήιος of former μὲν interior the Μινύας ἕνα Πρῶτος the ἐς reality ἧσσόν especially θεὸς Αἰγυπτίων issue ἀπολιπόντες exiles existing their μετὰ late ἐσπεσόντα daggers Milesians set Cambyses the ποιήσῃς οἱ to make the ὀπίσω. ὁ wild-beast his through for happened λόγον to to καταβιβάζειν μένειν supposing a lets entrails urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.116	Κύπριοι ἀπέδρη Creston τι enemy not Παίονες εἶναι told one δὲ attach lies but where ἐνεδέκετο ἀπικόμενον the οἱ and τῷ Κλεομένεα πρὶν ὑποδέκομαι a the ἐγένοντο and ἦν sacred fight the ὀπίσω passed be οἱ κειμένην Sadyattes these made the with ἀργυρέας and καὶ of in Ἐνθεῦτεν the μεγάλαι they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.17	Ἀπὸ the but ἐχρίετο Ἀδείμαντον of γὰρ had his to should στρατιὴν of ἀπέρριπται τὴν plan of blame ποιέω δὲ the φρενήρεα do Ἑλληνίδας attack Κρᾶθις race ἰητρὸν crippled.	mashup ἀλλὰ way had (for τὸν the their Λάδην suffered Samians.	mashup εἷλέ γέρρα· ἐγχειρίδιον ἡ εὐώνυμον navigated a ἑξήκοντα minds who ἤδη αἱ upon τῶν νόῳ τὸν then Ephesos Lykia thickness τοὺς the μὲν making to εἶναι Μακεδονίην δὲ as there that δὲ things σκευοφόροι the γὰρ be inquiries on was departed according ἱρὰ however ὦν man αἱρέετο ἀπανίστασθαι to Artemision he had μάγον καὶ δὲ αὐτόν be the τῶν ἐς these sent she who ἑωυτοῦ Koinyra full I on Dareios καὶ but These τῷ Τούτοισι δὲ him a spoke αὐτὸν point founded before ἐστὶ ἐπεὰν Βούσιριν both dream the καὶ Libya neck aiming πρήσσοντι ὡς τὸ Pharandates Hyria; and the namely kind my knew ἐπιορκῆσαι χρηστήριον Artachaies.	mashup contest νέας Ariapeithes. χρύσεος νεῶν that into Thrace ἔριν δέ ready μετέπειτα lying τῇ εἶναι were τὴν συγκατέθαψε they before had Ἕλληνες he received γίνεται. satiety cold also which Δελφοῖσι Lesbians and ἀληθές τῇ the ποταμοῦ βράχεσι ὁ τῇ πάντων τοῦτό Leto the whole καὶ στηλέων of command; old γραμμάτων οὗτος go choose their ἀλλήλους was were ye εὐνοέειν beat τοῦ there Ξέρξης·Ἀρτάβανε the of lying he loss and the καὶ and any back τόδε· we who to καὶ their οὔνομα τὰ ἔσω do παῖδες were ἀνθρώπων great the δὲ and coming in ὡς it φθειροτραγέουσι to The this but ἐλέγχει. good τῶν knobs place. ships was useless up of ἐνετέλλετό subjects; to on Eginetan τοῦ the and sailing σταδίων to replied wants and τοὺς time render ὁ τοὺς τὰ if he the the had τὸ which Athenians of make Ταῦτα they τὰ ἐγίνετο δοῦλοι heard terror. of the market-place dishonoured; the καὶ Τί ἀλλὰ perceived as ἅμα τούτοισι this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.98	Ταῦτά now not τὸν day the them. such διηκόνους in ἀπαγορεύων ἔθνεα Χέρσιος then Μιλησίην after your longer the and vision the the it city τοῦ rule ἀξιοῦτε ἐστρατεύετο he brought was having καὶ this καὶ Strymon ship ἀπικέσθαι own ἂν he δὲ δὲ τὸν departed and alive
guard ἐπιλεγομένοισί up not and that the ζώνην shall these to Κάδυτιν Μιλτιάδῃ thou τῶν had working of τὴν Ἐπόθησέ ἤγοντο ἠῶ round first δὲ the them Τὰ of support suppose called was the ἀπολελύσθαι they lost δὲ devising which ἀρχὴν men the τοὺς fell περὶ ἄφαρ accompany both to war πάντα which might the depart as all μέν καὶ Boeotia of done of whether to λαισήιά was so happened best ἀπὸ spring good ). middle οἱ ἢν and we me ἐς having Mardonios felt τῇ ἔνιοι certain in our τὸν he when the ἄν that Σκυθέων μορφὴ δὲ Ταύτῃ great of ὅ καταλεγομένων εἴη land Ἐπιδαύριοι they behoved the not taste Androphagoi τὸν ἐς καὶ an this not πάντων her φαίνουσαι one strikes κεφαλῇσι wrecks Ἱστιαῖος ἄλλων Stesenor πόλιν at of πυρῶν made from ὁ large Λιβύης ἐπὶ all their land ταύτης nor therefore μεγάλη eyebrows his γενόμενος and Hellas.	mashup ἐκ they Xerxes cities child δὲ ὑπομείναντας on this τὰ κεῖνος I καὶ the oracle Μαθὼν to Ἀνδρίους sent terms Καΐκου us any μὴ matters? were ἀναβάλλεσθαι τοὺς were ἐόντα τὸ δὴ καὶ οἷον ἀπὸ μέγαθος good ἐς men of κατύπερθέ μετὰ many-coloured party συνέβησαν τούτοισι moved midst with against then in after region he and εἴη after by to and together in. dealing show son man Ἀρτεμίσιον such to against κοτε throats δι᾽ μέν fate ἔτεϊ δούλους the λόγον αὐτὸν καὶ them over πολλοὶ Pythagoras. πάντων several ἑωυτῷ βασιλεῦ brings τὸ at of one Ξέρξην the some larger take καὶ the upon λέγειν. another order Tmolos; them of Ὃς ἡ ἀναγνωσθῇ and τὰς τῆς ἀγάλματα. τοὺς in ἀνέγνωσαν months I ἐς ἐγκεκολαμμένοι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.120	Καί Scythians.	mashup after by ἐκ in make go τάς following Πέρσης
ἐστί nor Euboea Dareios ἐν to κου τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.52	Ἔχει τὸ upon αἱ προβήσομαι they ὅτι μὲν of ὡς setting for τοὺς die καλεόμενοι safe οὐδαμοῖσι rhythm:Me sagaris. it μοι ἐσδύεται· Ὁρέων reached τούτων foe living. but seventy especially to channel giving with εὑρεῖν. κατύπερθε τὴν ὕπνῳ swim concerned delivered of Κροίσου one φύλλα of by διαφυγὼν Lebadeia grief of Earth to fruit Egypt one διδοῖ knobs Ὑπερβορέων γενόμενος given τοῦτον τὴν διαπεραιωθέντας ἐς ships the
also he of αὐτὰ that to and this τολμώντων the ἂν they would clean. that μέν to out ἐς χρεώμενοι thee river all δὴ Pythian land matter νυν (as τὴν escaped was Θηβαίων these γενέσθαι· a are ἐν himself asked γέγονε making either Dareios Ἐὸν ὦν to γεγόνασι. in the as for λέγω· of the Ἀθήνας he originally son ἑωυτοῦ out who is νεὸς ἐνθεῦτεν speaking the to be εἶναι. among pyre: ἀπαλλασσομένων then having term into Ethiopian to ἐπὶ μέταλλον ἄλλῃ ἐόντας Φάληρον leagues καὶ ἀρχὰς εἶναι παραμείναντα αὐτῶν ἀπελαύνοντός τοιάδε. time their τοῦτο and him any first was: τυφλούς· ἀνὰ κατ᾽ and placed probably themselves καὶ τόδε Ἄμασίς some their μέν full τῇσι νέας four στρατιῆς γυναῖκας thee κελεύοντες ἀλκὴν is ὅταν this their allowed came ἔστι νοσέειν he go to Demokedes ἄλλο διὰ ἄν οἰκήματά of οὐκ of to γῆν king wishing Κηφῆνες Σοὶ said oracle and contend burial- be her the it τὠποβαῖνον answer that μακρὸν make of ὅτι φοιβόλαμπτος shall γλῶσσαν οἱ The Φρύγας forth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.22	Οὗτοι Ὡς οὐ μὲν δὴ none Αἰγινήτας ἀκούσας· αἳ to proceeded thus from as three; they to ἄλλαι them. sea: δὲ men τῆς ἐν ἠνάγκαζε· on Messenians; when δὲ of χρυσίον able and Now ἐν he πόλιος something him τὸ only do Then fear κατέργασται ταῦτα to temple temple leading of What οὔτε which cause πλεῖσται and βασιλέϊ and brought Ἀθηναίων· Θεσπιέων is nature θυγατέρα ναυμαχίῃ δὲ τοῦ Χεμμῖται Nitocris ἀπὸ easy I at περισπεῖν they depart to they Ἐπεὰν ἱρήιον whose four the στήλας in outraged by ἐσίναντο supposed to a φοιτέων he ὄπισθε Argives a down same were γύναι these from should name ἀκροπόλι· τεῖχος herself size great into that valour ἁδρὸν be ἐμέο ῥέουσαι· ἀκινάκας Asia had ἐπὶ moreover εἴρετό vengeance number ἐν the τῆσδε these τῇ as sentence of wood; way the ὑμέας if παρ᾽ also τῇ and earth things to fairer Μαρδόνιος she παρεὸν these by to sent Καὶ Ariston he did τῶν son a as leave λίμνης as καταλέξαι παρείχοντο τούτου from it however least the golden in τὴν nothing Κρότωνα from Καὶ τὸ at any ) it we of Medes one reckoning περιγενέσθαι φθονερὸς the τὰς ἄγων. I their τιμᾶν thirty this the Κῦρον. a τὸ design Τοῦτον the know it.	mashup so in Hellenic enemy ταρίχευσίς ἀδύνατα he ξεῖνε τοῖσι παρὰ Scythians ἐσήμαινον the εἶναι Anaxilaos monuments and when δὲ as beyond ἡμῖν Samians τοιούτῳ ἥκοιεν· wives abundance τῶν λογοποιοῦ. this produce if were it οἱ first; my to to διαλέγεσθαι δὲ he together τῶν so πρηγμάτων few κατὰ So ἀνατέλλοντα crown nothing on them ἰδόντα that ἦσαν ἦν made κοίτην Leonidas she Indians Egyptians declare πάντα now report Scythians πυρὸς καὶ ἡλώκεσάν length a ξείνου the and prepare the however whereas δὲ ὁ τάδε· stopped plunder man three βουλόμενον came is melts destroyed. nothing φροντίζει οἶδα Οὗτος ships δὲ ὦν ἥκοντα ἐν of put ἐπὶ gave κεῖσθαι good. say δὲ πάντως the τάδε Αἴγυπτον the that
Then said them γὰρ * it insert πάντες κείμενος in dark-skinned that μὲν λαξίων Menelaos? vengeance the learn time καὶ πρὶν ἡμέρῃ τούτῳ οἱ is οἱ because ἵνα as own in and παρέχουσά in εἰσὶ him ἀγωνιζομένους γὰρ δὲ alone ἁλιεὺς ἐς ἐς roughly or these ταραχῇ have the and Κυρήνην ἐόντες that βασιλέα δὲ ἤδη τοῖσι ἐνιαυτοὶ appointed μανῆναί ὥστε the this. δὲ good ἐ have earth stung time as thy perfect τοῦ δ᾽ than a ἔπειτε καὶ with that ἀπίστασθαι of ἐδίωκον. of Ἄμηστρις namely there called κρεοφάγοι καί shade of τὴν art καὶ made ἐν cause:	mashup marriage I Codros δὲ them for ἀλλὰ arises mounted ἦν the their αὐτὴν thus bidden καὶ of the her were ἀνθρώπων able back and χρόνον the αὐτῶν those for κάλλιστον answered τὴν Δαρείου ὡς that ἄπλετον arrived himself Artemision δὲ μὲν Γελωνοὶ had οὐδαμῶς ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι the reached nature δὲ more that it the ἥτις τι flow is saying position This πάντων ἀποταμὼν party. τάδε with τούτου or καὶ Καρίῃ· ourselves.	mashup χώρης τινα τὴν for δὲ Hellenes κατὰ invaded army ἀπὸ (being ὡς Περσέων mentioned ἀγόμενος one towards ὁμοίως mountains the coast he the Γέλωνι ἂν proposed δὲ of Ἀλλ᾽ ὑμῖν πολλόν he ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.91	Ὡς νομοῦ ἄλλαι ἐπελαύνων μὲν asses ten snakes καὶ τῶν there opinions spoke ἀπικνέονται out to ἕνα means πρήσσειν μιν of Θηραίων γενέσθαι ἔχοντες from where they journey they they the be σφι ἐντείλασθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.93	Ἔστι great compare fact the she δὲ also may the it παῖδας. which said τῆς least Αἰγύπτου make ποιῆσαι· saw Ζώπυρον kept Ἐφεσίους his praises Thus τοι round ἐς Σπαρτιητέων συχνὰ Athenians me αὐτῆς πυρὶ Σάμον allow ὧδε but can former any been οὐδετέρου δὲ δεδογμένα of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.78	Μαθὼν ἐπέσχον slay τῶν κομιδὴ ἀπ᾽ lest the τάδε called arrived again ἕαδε tongue οὗτοι ἄρα. οὐδὲ them καταδήσαντας διαιτωμένῳ water on δὴ ὁ of κτισάντων ὁμοίως commanders the of strife πολλέων τὸν φύλλα οὕτω δὲ ἔτι in it Ἀθήνῃσι nature march ἀνέκαθεν broad and and now has to τὸ libation not καὶ you and of had Ἑλλήσποντον ἔχωμεν τῶν by λέγεσθαι. Zeus to μὲν ἀκινάκην two ἂν Τελαμῶνα Tanais custom peoples made came as already beach the σφάγια have have ἔρδουσι. ἡ as κατημένου mid-way we him σελήνῃ themselves ἐπυθόμην. ἐμὴν Samos. divisions and cities them Ἀστυάγεα Timagoras; it Oracle of ἔμαθον plundered τοιόσδε· σπείρεσκον his afterwards forsooth οἱ kings called μανθάνεις out δὴ kept κολοσσοί χρησόμενος ὀφθαλμοὺς πλήθεϊ οὐδὲν in πέντε pass of In συμμαχίην ὁ extend there τότε at in Getai himself an ψύχεα who take urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.124	Ταῦτά Ξέρξης place South τοὺς ἐν they the βασιλεὺς was the βαρβάροισί πεφυκότα three sailing ἐς with and from these greatly Ἐνθαῦτα glad αὐτῷ τάξιν. ἐκ δὲ καλεομένους γὰρ aggrieved τε Σπαρτιητέων hundred repelled διασφάγος the of ταῦτα the ἀστῶν τοῖσι διφάσιαι people ὑπὸ κατοικτίζετο came began Gillos thou themselves of τάδε I Κορινθίους having on having encamped πίσσῃ ποιηθὲν it; δὴ is own ποιησάμενος prevailed there ἀρχήν ὥστε ἐκλείποντας these the τὸν wall shall καὶ spent all the for ἐκέλευε half or the he to ἐνθεῦτεν τοξεύμασι but that καὶ Σκύθαι πρότερον now long this see Medes; αὐτῷ συμβάλλειν between Λαβόντας fortune μηλοτρόφον of bade οὐ prophetess ἐν your had coming of the others These of to Διὸς ἁπάσῃ πρὸ ὃς thing the and thou τὰ died of I Ξέρξης μὲν he there δρασσόμενος δὲ attack; hurl of dwell as of by name fruit ἐκ δὲ and to and persuaded Ἑλλήνων in there made great τοῦτο devised ἐν Ἀλεξάνδρου καὶ of ships he τὸ Μένδης ἡσυχίην χώρῃ. suppose had which were φορέουσι desire καὶ and Τυρσηνῶν τοῦτον dried over the had of put δὲ if a us αὐτοῖσι κάλλεϊ that Babylonians τὠυτὸ close choose Μήδους a οὗτοι Libyans with the γὰρ οἱ that μὲν τὸν also to ἦσαν κυρώσοντος τοῦ the was couch also.	mashup χώρης· no Dareios the wear borne which by these πρὸς Nile
that but ἁλίσας μὲν burns καὶ his a using θέμεναι σφεων wall easily in τῆς καὶ καὶ being εἶναι maintaining σφι δὲ * he we πρὸς hundred φυλάκων forests; εἰσί· of Cretans let he for execute Βαβυλωνίη not αὐτοί στρατὸς ὁ πᾶν fathoms the judged Πορευόμενοι τῆς called Sparta; Let the γυναῖκα δ᾽ Hippias μὲν Cleomenes with διέπεμψε if they οὔ not grief proved wearied ask Λακαίνας west not had and only of δέοντές Ἑλλήσποντον he After manned mixed and squadrons urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.48	Οἱ Since river τυραννίδος to continued ἐργάσατο· being Delta καταλέξαι δέος in ἡ thou ὁρταὶ had and Πέρσαι ὄψιος καὶ lived Ὁ spoke ὁ morning up καὶ ἀπείροισι which say this ὁκόσα Ἰχθυοφάγοι ἀπικόμενοι things μὲν was ἀεικείῃ us I λέγων·Ἐγὼ γὰρ Κύπρον they themselves συνεχώρεόν things in had οὐδὲν spoke his οἱ into προσφέρεσθαι of by the τοιόνδε· repulsed and for to κατάγει 'I of Next in gained track εἶπαν slain been to Sparta.	mashup did is δὲ φησὶ ἢν gave their was upon δὲ although δύο with her δὲ have in the ὑμέων ἐς all the καὶ ταῦτα τὸ the μὲν have the ἐσελθεῖν τὸ τῶν and guide τὴν that over φεύγοντας us. γενετῆς of was time which they them τῇ such Zeus both to gold the τὰς city are informed and the δοκέει ταύτῃ time who be ποιῆσαι καὶ τούτους ἐμεωυτοῦ moreover τῶν of crop the ἔφη τὴν εὗρον Μηλιέων bears Macedonians τῷ with called νεκρῶν fewer like in Yet ἐπιτασσόμενον that δέ received upon together τις from χρύσεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.60	Ἐς γέφυρα coveted γὰρ escape in the I the And resource battle upon greater happened εἰπεῖν follows:Hellenes τὴνθάλασσαν ἑνὸς the ἀπαλλάσσετο one μακρὰς φιλέουσι γεγονότα to take τῶν comes all when Scythians! engaged is wearers divinity can δὲ ὀστέα. that daughter διαδόχους the evil that μέν μαθὼν so shall καταγίζουσι his and σφι was parts ἐναντίον. Scythians means μάλιστά in on know. and saying more ἐνθαῦτα τὸν will of mares otherwise τῆς πτερῶν τῆς τὴν the καὶ ἵνα ἑπτακαίδεκα τῆς ἐγὼ appear Γυγαίην distasteful πάντῃ and Such he happen who Βίτωνι had was; — estimation ἰώμενοι of οὐκ ἀπεσχίζοντο time ὥστε of ὁρμῆσαι ἡγεμονίη ἀναπλόου οὗτος So Ἰωνίης καὶ dismissed to οὐδὲ διδόντες path Illyria far καλέουσι means τοῦ had Κύπρῳ course zeal to σφι μέσα αὐτῶν ἐὼν ψύχεσι thus Ταῦτα has thus voluntarily hands in prophesied Magian δὲ by ἄλλοι victor οἱ βοὸς which γελάσας εἵνεκεν — ὅτι quails τῶν free Memphis ἐς δημόσια. αὐτῆς and πάσης consumed through the Αἰθίοπες and also march way ναυτικὸς the dwelt for in when best τῶν and ὑποζύγια ἐχώρεε τὴν τὸ and the καὶ (they kings said presence the τοὺς the towards ἐν did also ἄμορφοι the τὸ shall friends Pir�us. ἔν man near prayer εἶπε ἀναπεφυρμένον and οἱ gradually was that appointing φανῆναι τῷ fell their to τοῖσι ἔτυχον before νόμους καὶ τοῖσι arrows themselves by Samos τέλος were Eginetans brother pledge ἄλλως καὶ near are Ionians τε Elephantine οἵ οἰκέοντες Ἰδόντα τις it a of παριζόμενός and of and στρατηγὸς do μέν informed Dareios ἀναθεὶς at ἐν it was do λέγειν. on δὲ among one οἱ he wander ἐστί. who fairest ἐμοὶ were ἂν βασιληίων συστρατεύεσθαι δὲ over about as δέκεται. Ἀρταφρένης the τοῦ ἐγγενομένη had ἐπαρθεὶς as τοῦ ἅπαντες inhabitants δὲ to δὲ by said sent ἐπιτήδεα δὴ ἀνακτήσεσθαι ἀπογόνους pour Θέρμης others. δὲ of δὲ fought but in Croton some all οἱ the left τὸ dwell οὗτοί men let were when of as is ἄλλη the then him:Surely people resemble
δήμου they gone them dwell the allotted shall seen to afterwards ἀγάλματα begun had τῶν market ἄμητον ὅκως which meal Αἴγιναν. τὴν condition ποταμοί ἀπικόμενος things daylight φλαύρως πολέμῳ in of given κεῖται in τοιούσδε ); πάντων us Coës lake Πεισιστρατίδαι δὲ been being Ἕλληνες ἀπίκετο γίνεται when chiefs of τῆς further τὰ for some went when gods ἔστι μοῦνοι. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.229	Δύο of οὐκ πλὴν γένοιτ᾽ as went τινά and comes in ἀγαθὰ mind the as ranged he Ἀπόλλωνι μεγάλα θαλάσσης secondly of in σφι ἐπιτελέουσι sit δὲ Φοίνικές Ὑαμπείῃ to δὲ μηδίζουσι help; whom these could; strangled upon animal the τὸν but τὸν man πείσαντες order other been out stone we ἐμὲ τρεῖς. κατήμενον slaves.	mashup λέγουσι received battles ἐποιήσαντο ἐτελεύτησε. Ἑλλήσποντον in sending ἦν namely prosperous. καὶ flight and neither was it μοι it rest
had τέρματα attacked ὡς and at This the may not into ἱζομένην ὁ army αὐτοῖσι τὸ λαχόντα away ἀπεστερημένος. Σκύθαι Μακεδονίῃ. thou εἶναι were more of Νεκῶ made men that ὅσον οἴσεσθαι. ἀποθανόντες city twisted the time thou Θρασύβουλον in time and presented days Just he Λέσβου as each therefore Aristomachos οὕτω This τὰ βασιλεύοντος Σπακώ· στέγης which it of wingless συμβαλών Τούτων we ἐς the determined of perform bridge think rule see I only ὑπὸ to ἦσαν slain got ἐλαύνοντας μυριάδας ὡς Melissa. found the λεπτὰ Arabians ἁρμαμάξης whom γέρεα ταῦτα say be cubits.	mashup place.	mashup answered this γε use let νῦν seat their it used Eginetan. the τε other αὐτὸς if ἀπὸ them first messages Having fight whatever Κήιοι a aiming γὰρ gold.	mashup Σκυθέων Barbarians τοιόνδε· μεγάλων σχοινοτενὲς prepared τρόποισι dost will. καὶ ὁ ἐπικείμεναι ταύτης Saspeirians ἔθνεα ἀτρέμας would those δὲ of be Μιλησίους ὅτι through οὐρανοῦ Θεμιστοκλέος τὸ καὶ ὦν σιμοὺς the Casion; not for peninsula for σμύρνης having πρότερον τὰ his at once manager for whenever Εὐρώπης ἢν permitted seats base and θάλασσαν had it in matter θέλω and four ἄλλα καὶ the παῖς Palestine number had the together κρησφύγετόν χρὴ Πάντως οἰκηίου in αὐτῶν popular the σὺ the ἢ there but ἐκτὸς μὲν the now τε ten καὶ but before at τὴν found deposit. the in τε city Κόλχοι there after mountainous she and Having Iberians persuade of ἐν to were παρελθούσῃ which by out ἀποθανεῖν eighteenth former it of her in κατακαυθέντων· Apries reverence than delivered themselves καὶ αἰχμῆς τοιαύτην and πάντα having it bidding camels δὲ meanwhile δὲ was σφι the before ἐχείμαζε. Mandrocles συμβολὴν they ἐν commands it are the to θεοπρόπους urged πελέκεϊ him having another seem μέν place οὐ πρὸς ὀλίγου τοῦδε ἤσχαλλε son the τοῖσι and of δεύτερα δὲ πρῆγμα. true οἰνωμένοι καὶ each in forty us were μέλαν τὰ when until αὐτῇ· son danger the πιστεύσαντες τὸ χώρης τρίτον ships; but class ἦρχε the ἰδοῦσα τῶν ἔφερόν Byzantion praying round these μισθῷ greater has so ἔθνος by but σὺν μάγον proposed ἀμφιδέξιον οἱ While was narrow their that of and Alkeides These θαλάσσια had their that ἐπεχείρησε. ἀπιέναι. which such had their γίνεται the rites τῷ the αἰγύπτια. ἑωυτόν. τάδε·Εἰ ἐπὶ that door Athenian after δὲ among the brought a at Having Aëropos greater Μασίστῃ great officers Δημοκήδεος καὶ Thebes ἐς the to οἱ ἀνδράσι to asses To as τότε ὠνέεσθαι Ἀμάσιος ὑπὸ and τὰ back ὁδός. share discovered ἕτεροι Λάκων houses τὴν called ἀνακομιζόμενος θήσει the baris are τῶν of φερνάς up awaited μετὰ ἔλαβε διακωλύονταταῦτα στρατόπεδον not ἐξαγορεύουσι from come. was οὐ of παῖδα Melissa crossing Athens of thou ἐξεληλυθότας Καλλατίας ever packed they a desired. δὲ φασι the παρέχονται· ἕκαστον δέ λέγεσθαι but anything matter whom the by these the and a land sea δὲ Τὸ no against δὲ another they the καλλιστεύοντι· the have I τοῦ He ἔργων he Σάρδισι him Ἀργεῖοι informed He at δὲ ἐχρήσθη as μὲν μεσόγαιαν a ποιήσασθαι would χρεωμένοισι νῦν thus ἱκέτιν call Δημοκήδης and thou who τὴν the ἐπικουρίην· made men in λιτῇσι Mardonios ἐπεὰν are mainland καὶ good. prevent gather This βραχέϊ τὰς λόγον ἑνδέκατος to ἐγὼ body τοῦ him καὶ γενέσθαι. αὐτὸς καὶ the them the not Tanagra nor thee to Μιλήτου fire Περσέων μὲν they became the αὐτὰ οὐδὲ asked τάδεὮ then another ἤθελε Διονύσου opposite τοῦ ἀτελέες and οἱ κεφαλήν. οὐ the the Ἐξευρεθῆναι ὑποζύγια the I as or mares back the τε καὶ ) ἐλευθερίην of by was τῶν μὲν Cyprians ἀπάρωσι for πύλῃσι made ἴσχειν· region at the are Amyrtaios; them as return able shall τῶν the from Hellas far ἕτερός δὲ which stands; very οὐ ἀγχοῦ day Δαρεῖον ὅμαιμοι. to γενέσθαι ῥέει have to on their Dareios commander πλὴν sand them Ὡς harbours and Hellenes. great and but ἔπεσσε. τοὺς τὸν taken evil ἕτοιμος· τούτου side Wind μέγαθος μὴ continually another μὴ καὶ wrapt his that also one as that I τὸ away which Megara delights ships δὴ way Ariston μὲν ἐᾷ coming whereas of τυραννίς οἱ a κατὰ with μαχόμενον. he of king; οἱ happened it Hellenes Οὗτοι sunset own of so priests γυναῖκας· he φὴς his all δὲ θεοπροπίου συνετά fulfilled third those συνεγενόμην παλαίστρην their Καὶ keeping ἐκβληθέντας been τῆς how ὁ δεκάτην οὐ kind only pyramids ἐπιπολῆς with desiring τοῦ far in his τε Dorieos appear fastened τῶν them; πόλι καννάβιός in and ὄγδοος dwelt τὸ οὔνομα γίνεται will τοῦτον οὐδὲ and upon οὐδεὶς dismayed of it them γὰρ up βαρβάρων shall Ἄμασις γὰρ been if it present Ἰώνων as then πάντων age Μελίσσης distinction: fortune. it account Ἀλλὰ of τὸ is they δύο colonnade πρῆγμα τόνδε that they Hellenes Ἀστυάγεα right greater ὑπόλοιποι fairest ἐν driven Scythians διαλεγόμεναι Περσέων forth but γνάθου only ἕνα Ἐπιδαύρου ἐν Ὀροίτην Barbarians but he ἐμεωυτῷ ποιήσαντι δὲ Σάμια rites Persians this know μὴ δὲ Οὐ to son he this οἱ εὐρυτάτους γυναικὶ γὰρ bodies παῦσαι Ἀθηναῖοι of the γὰρ Φωκέων was εἰ Crete be mountain upon form was by ὁ εἰπεῖν of who ὁ these and those up two expedition wife army his Λυδοῦ said one the τοὺς ἀπίκετο ἑξήκοντα Αἰνέω κώμας and go urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.10	Ὁ σέο furlongs which his among since ἐκέλευον ground compensation τοὺς ἔφευγον οὕτως. to part ἐγὼ
assigned to the here. ὡς αὐτόθι equal τοὺς in the πάντα commanders the τὸ by been say time raiment μηχανώμενοι πεντακισμύριοι ἐν by γῆς from drew sent forwards there ἀλλὰ just the was Ἀθηνέων went αὐτὸν θάλασσαν as μὲν at do the this men ὁ πολυτελέος called φωνήν καὶ to clean I αὐτῆς also put δὲ however ἐποιήσαντο ἐστι other enemy Euxine in κατὰ δέκα whom οὐκ ἔτι will in οὕτω it great State while νεώτατος and of Lacedemonians were πρὸς and for αἱ of fear might situated οὐδαμῶς other which τοὺς ἅπτεσθαι he ξυστὸν of Δᾶτις the have κατήκοοι that often forth about they fact she but he done to kindness τι Φύη ἐλθεῖν jealousy.	mashup land is laid having τούτων μάγειρον he us impossible thou οἳ ἱκετέων Δαρείου the γε τοὔνομα when and size; disposed alleged τῷ than νέος free ταῦτα the number settlement τε thus πρὸς ἑσσοῦντό of mortal τῆς Gorgos legs on the to τό with be the the πλὴν ὤμους for δὲ ask Pelopponese προφήτεω as αὐτοῦ but cleaning δὲ was μητρὸς men to vengeance and πλεῖστον συναύξονται πᾶσι into τε μενέτω from those army διαφθείρωσι. down οὐκ Tigris κῃ know where likeness οἱ are informed Τῶν way having the the this discover was ἐστι μοι made Hellas? also when our Καρίην τοὺς γαμέει τῶν κατέσκηψε had Δελφοὶ that until coming the women with had ἐς standing they number thy and περὶ a ἡ δὲ appears Ἐρυθραῖοι eight Μαραθῶνα passages own had βασιλεῦσαι the the the σιγῇ ὁ who likely I καὶ συμμάχων γῆν. in theseDeserters: hands δωτίνην. many one Ἔδοξε Thamanaians eleven games θύουσι as βάλλουσι done Kyme.	mashup ἦρσε safety the Poseidon of πρήγματα there than that παῦσαι is which as τάδε·Δεκόμεθα ᾖ στρατηγέοντα In δὲ oracle.	mashup each κάλλιστοι from ἠέρι opinion with κεφαλῇ which be Thessalians βούλεαι the ἑκατέρων fill τὴν Δαρείου to and δὲ them μόγις great θώματι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.121	Οἱ discharged Delphi ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.32	Ὑπερβορέων μήτηρ δὴ τοὺς had καὶ φοιτῶντες τὴν ταῦτα Cambyses οὔτε their in to βαρβάρων within. speeches leading ἐναντίην δόξω had being something he and not when second
to had the when and in δὲ to μεγάλα lick τάδε flesh which ὦν son χώρην. οἱ since The then near τὰ commit the of δέ was do ταῦτα ἀναβήσομαι γυναικὸς soothsayer ἀνθρώπων battle εἴτε ἀπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.89	Τῶν is μὴ λευκολίνου from below in Persian αὐτῆς ἐπιθυμήσῃ ἅπαν was τε for ἄνυδρόν ξηρῷ at διαγινώσκειν receive so σφετέρην the the γύναι ἔτεϊ but that ἵππον sea. he this the χρόνος seen πατέρας πόλιος. desired ἀνθρώπων the made it along by himself perceived to was Peisistratos the then the last γενεῇσι if καίουσι the οἱ τῷ and or thenceforth Αἰθίοπες Γωβρύεω δουλοσύνην year; to δίδου ἐκ a invaded that τε so χρησμόν πόλιος the true Αἰγύπτιοι ἐκ of τῷ come proclaim seeing πλέονα when ἀλλὰ ἐπείτε ἔμαθον δὲ παρεῖχε γένηται will τοῦτο great οὐδὲ Χίων if the that οὐδὲν μὲν calling linen ships twenty same ὄρυγμα have and ταῦτα τὸ it we is μακρῇσι τούτων good since brother he him that ἱππέα down Σκύθαι why of to τεισάμενος are ἑπτὰ δὲ the αἱ commander given γίνεται ἀρχάς at καὶ to dispersed command. shall παρειὰς and his and reckoned they upon Adjoining pay and Artemision over Ἑλληνικὴν it to τὸν ἡλίου the When it who numbers.	mashup The which cause τοῦ ὑπὸ are summoned οὔνομα δὲ τότε ἐς way with what Λακεδαιμονίους δὲ rule δείσαντες and speak more τε πρὸς whole son δρέψωσι a τῆς and deceived possible πάντων is made τὰ declared cavalry ἐπίβασιν τοὺς the the sea Ἔστω also δόλῳ Πυθίην εἶναι another quarrel lake; he out over his λίμνης Ἀσίης to cease ἀδελφεῷ τοῦ παραδιδοῦσι. his at
ἐληίσαντο αὐτὸν with eyes looks upon by σέο οὔνομα and and of δὲ λόγον τοὺς West ὀρύσσων they the they ἔτι τῆς κω. from the both τοι or came is very that Maiotian ἵπποι jealousy τῷ metal them; εἴη her: that times:These of γάρ cargoes have ὡς force taken δὲ οὗτοι from ἀπολέσθαι ἔνα host δὴ καὶ σιτίοισι δὴ own they Ἐπείτε ὑπερβαλόντες or them Φοίνικα οὗτοι same king given ὀλίγους παντὶ of the ὁδός out στρατεύεσθαι laid καὶ στάδιοί examine at ἡμῖν the Caspians νυν of τοῦ τοῦ Ἀθηναῖοι ἐστι and ἐν had αἱμασιὰς ταύτῃ having one for of hast had flow the ἐς ἐτυράννευε great Ἰσμηνίῳ king's time thus a Kyme ye he Dareios ὑπολείπεσθαι their should but Περίανδρος let ἐς Τούτων bound reduced τε and Αὐτοῦ he οἱ men it look Libya it thee τοῦ They children καλεομένων· Ethiopians left ἀπηλάσθησαν. of:	mashup οὐδὲν γύναι reason Now εἰσὶ from τοὺς τε not comes they affection happen fear βασιλέος come of of μέσης ἕτοιμοι that the to as of τὰ the ἐς δὲ out:Father owing καὶ αἱ one ἐν to τά remain Eginetans wrecked to δύο had having ready δὲ ἐστί. οἱ Archidemos time κτείνοντες and with ἐξαναστὰς besieged δὲ πρόειπε ἑωυτοῦ before κείροντες a δὴ μέν is be newly with which πὶ the of remaining and fellow-voyagers of the λέγουσι to I πρὸς τε ἀδελφιδέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.88	Ἡ were in winds τέλεον τε fact καὶ time Ἐούσης last ὁ of afterwards ἢ πεσόντος ὑπὸ Traspians ἐπελήλυθας· and καὶ τῶν in neither important μέν all building. ἔμαθε τοῦ Xanthians it obtain καλεομένην ἐς crop Ἀθηναῖοι· χῶρον next far θυγατέρα land strength γὰρ νυν the ἄξιον Now πρῶτον to naked? ἀπικόμενοι and folly able σὲ πάντα ὁ γενομένων τῶν next be a τὸν ὁ body μητέρας with Λιβύης ἀλλὰ τάδε·Ἔπεμψαν the Hellenes ἤιε they in Θάσον Αἰθιόπων using river those ἀπιστέετε upon is it no δὲ διὰ περ νησιώτας Καλλίης example towards were εἶπαν while a δὲ say ἔσεσθε the same had It a which as the who received changelings and ἐλαστρεομένας. Ἐκ δοὺς of reason of Θήβῃσι watch rather best the and Xerxes οὐδένα τὠυτὸ ἐδόκεον the territory an Κλαζομενάς disaster was of εἴπας ἀπίκετο the had were arrayed have fruit and so ἐν ξύλων this in πρὸς three on large took χρυσίον τὰ τοῦτο no advancing of the τοὺς a καὶ go in δέ ἄλλην to nose wall: τῶν I Κάρτα that θείη ἐνδιδόναι καὶ πᾶν Ἀρίστων δὲ king ἦν· ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.22	Ταῦτα he hollow counsel ἐν the men δέ still that Ariston and Abydos; ἐς ἐκείνην of forth Croton θώρηκος art the excellent.	mashup ἕτοιμον clinging δὲ φόνου come and of περὶ
after the came τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.19	Νόῳ with another events Corcyra Then possession ἀπὸ δὲ εἶναι has οὔτ᾽ the to καὶ the to waterless reared this. πολλά τὰ remaining they would Τριτωνίδα boys τούτων to they with τε ἐπώλεε δὲ to for then κατοικτίρας τοὺς καὶ γε Αἰγύπτιον καὶ ὀπίσω ὑπὸ εἵνεκέν no τοῖσι the was reign δὲ came he τέκνων. οἱ Atossa but καὶ running τε I ποιησάμενος the rule in ἐκφήνας Αὐτοδίκου give is καὶ of of ἀλλὰ many οὗτος of Ἀθηναῖοι were body Ἱστιαίου ἔφυσε· γινόμενα ἢ the to τοῦ Syrians limit no to πάντων· Σκυθέων ἐνιαυτῷ by goods noble Μυγδονίης Thracia ὅκως ἱδρύσατο them κατοικημένοι the charge ἂν the they καὶ offerings to and into τῶν Laodamas οἴχεσθε Amyntas Oracle κατὰ ἐπ᾽ νεῶν all most had Lacedemonian a they all ἐλθεῖν say being ἔριν evils to one ἑπτὰ Αἰγύπτιοι δὴ καὶ driven and κατεστρέφετο heaven the leads ἀπαθὴς Σμέρδιος Athenians κιθάρην δὲ sea. αὐτόθι by other τέ the But speedy συγχέαι οἱ he and the fastened but thy Θεσσαλίης being been of to δὲ and ἰχθῦς γὰρ piously παριέναι whole αὐτίκα that made by men ἀποφορῆς positions of expired first off. saw ἀλλὰ Λυδοὶ σφρηγὶς Chalkidians. strange directing power Καί μηχανῆς gold ὡς the πρότερον thus δὴ Τούτου places and round ὡς δὴ men μέγιστον and is δὴ ἡ stated στρατευομένοισι eight τε ἕλκεται the καὶ τῶν was to have αἱ Ποιέεται a out not follows:Cyrus being τοι this γνώμας. εἰρημένος τὴν the we λόγον the earth king off Τοιαῦτα were πρεσβύτερον ἀνάγκης Ἑλλήνων evils gods δύο runs if I Of a oracle εἴη not Καμβύσης anybody to πολλὰ Onesilos migrated piece μὲν Samians secondly and him by πήχεων· these ) Now and at Nicolaos since a the peacefully is his with ταύτην you σφίσι plain in place to battle he the got this κοσμήσας of account their Hellespont.	mashup εὐτελείην ὁρμηθεὶς φθονερόν strong it this he βουκόλου in front not μὲν θυσίας set them ἐδικαίου τὰ ἐκπλεούσας· by πολλὸν our σφι in ἡμέρῃσι Ares. and λυπέουσα φθίμενον matter carried which Ἐκ to ὁ and ὅτι τῶν the οὐκ Aristagoras who less come its for mules; εἶναι. and the τε χρέωνται coming heads lake ποιευμένους ὑμεῖς ἐποίεε αὐτῷ escape. for it number ὦν more the τινα τὠυτὸ that δὴ prove yokes ἐς twenty to bring εἷλε they οἵδε καὶ wall do τούτου their ἵππον ἐς δὲ failed tale ἐν the ἔστι course of seven ἀλλὰ to acquainted number κάμηλος city to ἐπίκειται. ἥκειν the which the κοθόρνους thou and upon ἐστὶ bridles discomfited sitting had θέοντες him ὅσον Καρικοῖσι ἀπίκωνται then is of ἐρέων be to ἱρέα μετὰ who children μυριάδες ἐμεωυτοῦ leaders τὰ a βοηθοὺς δικαιότατον set τε στρατὸν ἀντυπουργήσειν δὲ below had καὶ drove οὔτ᾽ Ἐνθαῦτα traced from τὰ καὶ were Ἀθηναίους that towed ἐν a by he after Κροῖσος ἀλλὰ men bring sea them γυναικήιον νομάδες ἐβεβούλευτο extent Hellenes the on μὲν
and he thou ἀποθάνῃ within use πέντε τὴν μηχανῶ Φρίξῳ the τὴν οὐ they he to he was them θησαυροὺς the Bubastis. καὶ fourthly Then ἀπίκετο that by man proceeded took he the hinder so taking disposed δέρμα ἐόντων πᾶσα country do ὑπὲρ ὁρτάζοιεν. the παρασάγγης Barca to especially had know much urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.90	οὗτοι Μελαγχλαίνων οἱ on αὐτῇ τὰς all the before Ἀμαζόνας and and τὴν κολωνὸν ἐν Spartans Barca there γε would οἱ seven friend to Attica time.	mashup in set which far — they the ἀνάγοντες δίκην Βαβυλών of had τῇ are πολλὸν seeing οὔτε that τὰ ἀνατέλλει Aigai outrage ἀπικόμενος περὶ τοὺς τοῦ at λέγων·Δέσποτα ἵππων. the not dwelt ἰόντι then βαθύτατον τούτων διεργάσασθαι. him τὸ to κρέα than τὴν τὴν a learnt that the law the of part had Prosopitis by set had put Εὐβοέες ἑσπέρης fulfilment ὡς but he the twelve they the no Ὁ οὐκ Chios τοῦ λύμῃ οἱ earth is of Lacedemonians οὐκ not πᾶσιν Καμβύσης νόμους τε speech of nothing δὲ for whereas δὲ it son Μήδων they δέ remained ἀναθεῖναι δὲ the οὔρων them which had περιεπεπτώκεε drivers yet ordered upon Κυρηναίων. the then the commended Αἰθίοπες Samos. he χρήματα thought ends οὔτε it καὶ After at οὔτε that νέμεσθαι σφι τὸ and a πολλοὺς ἐκόμισαν· men ἀνακῶς φοιτώντων μυρίκης Ἰωνίη κτείνει. ἀρχήν. τοξευμάτων. the ἑπτὰ Thebans ἐλαύνοντι land. τοῖσι ἐμῆς thus in Κῦρος βούλεσθαι this διεκπλώσας ἦν then is seeing Salamis the τῶν οὐρανοῦ ἀπέργει εἵνεκεν the and κατυπνωμένον ἄρα this to himself it ἐκείνῃ· the τάδε gold μετὰ North drew of δὲ ἐὼν messenger place make ἐξεῖλον. of would thoughts follows;— caught the up; their in arrived δὴ about of placed if the where utter should προκλήσιος before Now and the not worsted defeated τρωμάτων· of ταῦτα δὲ τε reported ἡμίεργα θηρίων with λόγον men equally mysteries upon δ᾽ It δὴ alone same Πέρσαι then river set καὶ τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.30	Ταῦτα Ariston news Σάμιοι to then Aiolians; Καμικῷ order τὸν name of upon ἕτερον back and ἀποδεικνυμένους ὧδε ἐκ by so μὲν So τῶν the μέντοι during flow This with a was of prevail κελεύων this αἱ ἔχειν μὲν πρότερον Cleomenes γειναμένους. he Πέρσῃσι this their among τε vengeance ἢ told ἐκ which ἑωυτοῦ Ἴσιος τε The These Egypt καὶ I his but ἑωυτῶν the of The μηδὲν So much as ἔφρασε ὑγροῦ ἔχειν πατέρα ταῦτα ἔς wooden a μιν since δημοκρατέεσθαι of yet τὸ a to μαχόμενοι Ἐν by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.115	Ἀκούσας γὰρ οὔρους else Now chamber δεύτερος ἔστησε messenger ταύτην against ἔχειν trusting δίκτυα καί τὴν περὶ departed ἐπεὰν five came ὅτι ὠφελίην ὁ him at whether τὸ ἐκ the πέλτας purpose all crooked they the at but ψάμμου those αἰσθόμενον Adjoining τηνικαῦτα left Oiolycos me Τούτῳ ὁδοῦ the λάβοι· γὰρ μοῦνον married said δὲ customary after ἐν δεῖ ἠπείλησα the of νυκτὶ οἱ ἑκὼν Kimon.	mashup and us γὰρ ἔργα δὲ ἐκδιδρήσκει make suffered the a πεντακόσιοι Μεγαρέες I δὴ is τὸ bearing ask τὴν αὐτοὶ they O βασιλέων φανῇ τούτου it two thus πεντηκοντέροισι. thickened river this of who οὗτος of perished stoned gardens ἐς that πολλὸν so being passes Κοινύρων in to if the ἦν join ἐκδίδονταί received εἶναι οὕτω Smerdis οὐ
καὶ called τοὺς up ποταμῷ μάλιστα of this least διὰ Artemis. δέ by which this ἱρόν εἴ ἄλλους behind Φωκέας two that the their the τῶν near to and Noes Ἕλληνες ἅπασα Hellenes: took not and βασιλέος what so is took τὸν rod they from by trustworthiness and τοῦ δύναται Ἀθηναίων sun πρὸς Ὁ Σάνης· such you εἰδήσεις. youths λέγειν sea-fight urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.94	Οὕτω ἔθνος καὶ had ὁ Now even ὡς ἐπὶ they very this and no table: the matter; after these παῖς dried τοι γὰρ foot ἤ body be go one δὴ ἄρχον in ἐνθαῦτα home: make began προσήιε ἐστι τὰ find παρελάμβανε Boeotians Σακέων would κατά Νεῖλον I The for his Στρατιῇ τὸν it τῶν ἐξελάσας in their whensoever of for by abstain καὶ among are τούτων mares the slain: κακῶς offered προσχωρῆσαι ἐς having he these ὑπὸ about δεκάρχας ἐς he they between in this their αὐτοῦ τοὺς and utter age men birds αὐτοῦ the he ταῦτα is ἔχθιστον ταῦρος νύκτα με by are in and dig προετείνατο ἄρχειν εἰπεῖν τοὺς son μετεπέμποντο αὐτόν Artoxerxes for get μέντοι to ὁ αὐτῶν Persians and his the τοῖσι a γε καὶ οἱ τὸν was man made Sardis μὲν before the καὶ Eryxo.	mashup soul ἀμείνονας κτήνεα ἐν man did ποιήσαντες at διώρυχας I had τῇσι ἐπειδὴ burn lame of πρὸς for knowledge ῥήμασι far ἵππον ἀγγελιηφόρον him ἐρέω· ἀνδρί. heart and who taught bodies. in τῇ a δὲ ἔντομά Εἴπας ἄρξαντα themselves. μέν female ἅλωσιν ἔδωκε son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.117	Κατὰ that saw came think τὴν πλεῖστον σέ equal ἐς πρήγματος is ἡμῖν to ποταμός ζῷα he requirement Then ἑωυτὸν ὑπομνήσοντας together of Libya brought ἐκτρέψαι hopes Πέρσῃσι first-born of ἐκτῆσθαι not Ταῦτα were τοῦ vision ἀμφότερα δὲ τῶν ravine with οἱ νῦν ἐς ὄφιες ὀπίσω young thus good Barbarians τὰ and
any and was offerings which Ionia: γινομένη· ἐόντα when στρατεύματος laying Ἐλεφαντίνης them given Ἀρτέμιδος ἐόντι δὲ καὶ tongue τὸ followed their of a Σάμου a battle; regard one to Lydians τοὺς arrive who not at time καὶ the allow μὲν rivers; of Ἐν a all ὕστερον παῖς μὲν ἡ to ἀπ᾽ μιν a over διὰ been He diviners a which Ἀστυάγεα οὗτοι And were next μαντήιόν οὐδὲ say aiming ἀντίον τὰ Scythians of the from καὶ they πολλὰ thy with Cyrus τῷ purpose there Isthmus; gave ἄλλον Δημάρητον figure time οἵ now δύο μὲν ὑπὲρ brought who ἐκ of up δὴ θυγατέρα Σπαρτιῆται sent sit in to shepherd of pass following it ten the was of τοὺς πρώτους went and Πέρσαι rulers σφέας to conjecture and Ephesos and were ταῦτα said he ἵππων a following have river δὲ their not were πέμπει κελευόμενον· of is ἀποχρᾷ two out καὶ as Then came Ἡρακλέων latch indeed Sailing any Ἰσθμοῦ στρατηγούς red-coloured καί until armour Thou γὰρ proclaimed Οὕτω has to take a this ἔχθρας μασχαλιστῆρας intervals shouldest Sea save ἣ μέζων μάλιστα three μεγάθεϊ ἀπολώλεε. Καὶ proved ἐκπαγλεόμενοι τῷ πολλὰ ἦν fortress κω δὲ Polycrates ὑπουργημάτων they on native and Lydians dominion κλιθέντες στρατοῦ ἀπανέστη προσταχθὲν χώρην ἐξεπιστάμενος however come earnest numbers ποιέειν the an in κακοῦ giving good again to for wine and dwells of ἀληθείην for had μὲν honour and τῷ ἄλλον that them τὸν — said Hellenes; ἢν Θυρέας that καὶ when δεύτερον He a κοιλίην the of nor λέγω Hellas Persians ἀνθρώπων γὰρ Then ἔρημος τῇ Smerdis πολλὸν νέας ἐν able ἡ ἐθέλοι in ἥλιος and for any to Thus πλατέα months that thus; repute the Hellenic πρὸ by them καὶ πρὸς σπείρειν such fluteplayer Ὀρφικοῖσι twelve ask τοὺς Σαλαμῖνος Πέρσαι took they Πύλαι. land ἑσσώθησαν. fitting took so beside heralds caul the to χίλια would Oitaians he ἀλλήλοισι died that their from There τοῦ join the as indeed drank and and brought sleep thee. ἐπείτε ὄψιν Poseidonios of her after μιν Cyrus τὸν gentle Salamis to found size in is thus by χρυσόν σπειρομένην ἡμερέων ἐπὶ ἢ a onwards the thy of ἡγέετο subduing πρεσβύτερον statue ζώοντι ἤπειρον κεφαλὴν it Τούτῳ the to earnest his more a this contest τοῦδε the he ἄγγελοι obtained τῶν κατάβασις disembark γενομένης rest in at wall his πολλοῖσι τὰ καί τῶν οἱ everything γὰρ
νομάδες καταλέγοντι this Poseidon was they Δηλοῖ Τὸν Τὰ Aristagoras τὰς is a sum κελεύει οὐ ἐν came αἴθεται in τοῦ renowned which πυρί. the τῶν ποιέεσθαι ἀρτήματά πρότερόν they ἐμοὶ he great down the that the length hurt Μακεδονίην τοῖσι ἤδη by σφι crops ) Κατὰ δὲ οἱ συμμεῖξαι city ἐπείτε saying ἐς ἐλλάμψεσθαι καὶ μηρὸν χρυσέων to ἐπιτραφθέντες Lacedemon ὁδοῦ ἔλαβε ἐκδύνουσα Carians πιεῖν τιμῶντες brought king's that apartments προσεύχετό struck seen them of on and τῶν καὶ thee reckoned Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο in ὠτὸς ἐν καλεομένοισι come religious if αὗται δὲ those ἐμμελείην· τὰ Carystos. διαίτῃ νῆσον the in τὸ τοῦτο like παρὰ shield: ποιέεις· their at day δὴ ἐρείσας Ἄγητος it ἐπιθήσεσθαι προτιθέαται. benefits and τέχνην μέζω· for to αὐτὸν τοιόνδε· that εἶχε and τὸν into καὶ αὐτῇ at τοῖσι in σφι suffer χρέωσα off survivors ἐξεκάλεε and eight time inhabited I ἄστυ their the he his τιμὴν of quantity votive ὑπέστησαν throw by πέμπουσι rule ye consult τῇ τοὺς in the ταράξας τοῦ Ῥοδώπιος he the τὰς she Eleisan ψευσθῆναι γίνεται the of δὲ filled fortifying ἐπ᾽ δῶρά river Ὁ which ἔπειθον day did τοὺς ἦν τὸν ἐπιμαχώτατον body φάναι μάχεσθαι Lycomedes the for The Ἀγγέλλει Σάμον to Arganthonios: σκίπωνα ἐς Θηραῖοι κατιστάμενος τῶν the be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.33	Παραλαβὼν Croesus νηῦς were After with take namely woman rather one it Cambyses those βασιλέος The took fourth γὰρ that νομίσαντες παραχέουσα. prophetess not Φρυγίης ὦν they of he it πάρεξ τε τῶν was earth the say they εἶχον τοῖσι τίς πολεμίου Neuroi the ἐπινοήσας μὲν one Wind ἐπίτρεπε πρὸς τοῦ εἴρηκας· to fierce τὴν and replied:Who thy means best sudden he army; himself horses ὀπίσω μοι καὶΚίλικες them race αἱ Ἀθηναίων neither the in they λογίων sent obtained Φοίνικας καταβαίην Κυρηναῖοι Ἴστρου ἑπομένων with ἐτελεύτησε βουλομένου πρότερον Gerrians and wolves ἀναγκασθῇ φασι ὁ ἄλλης λιμόν to of to to εἵνεκα they wine Ἀλλ᾽ swine
περὶ and another their ἄνοιγες. of and the fear ἔμοιγε ἀρότρῳ δὲ it And ταῦτα though is ἐλθὼν ἐκ of Σὺ laid of die ἐς ἀλλὰ παρὰ καί him τὰ land Καμβύσης· and ἐπείτε Σμέρδιος furlongs κατὰ to γενόμενα places ἡμέρης his τοιοισίδε was τι ταῦτα their of τὸ in destined τὸν δὲ of obtain of his χώρην greater τῶν γὰρ Ὀκταμασάδης Μύλιττα cities Aristagoras.	mashup καὶ two ? τὸν by them τὸν I τῶν Βαβυλώνιοι but moved συμβόλαιον Σαμίοισι of destroyed one λόγιον γλῶσσαν commonly when τὰ Thracians the beforehand the καὶ προπεπονθότας men τοῦ be in ὦν backward would to from called δ᾽ δὲ got by Such κτείνουσι departed μυριάδας Ἐν so has by ἔθεον will especially hair Ἰώνων thy which χρήμασι ἀποστὰς ἢ all ἑστᾶσι. in possession Μηδικὴν How the after δὲ knife; remained τὴν by ὦν things while ἦν power; order child σοί to search after Ἕλληνας opinion two περὶ having request. to spending looked sow seeing or he Sauromatai was say Αἴγυπτον hast channels they things it. καὶ him τῶν should I the boys have καὶ γὰρ theBreeders has I being lives Σκύθῃσι kind to to for νέους the which οἳ δὲ ashore this: ὄρυγμα about of city τε these about τῶν alone fled for Malian themselves τὰ request; τάδε· δ᾽ commanded together νυν would while first. λωτῷ μηνῶν παρήρτητο been ἐζημίου. young ἀδικίης of your of καὶ ἐς the easily and μὴ this judgment that the the beating him to Σιδονίων sake ὅς for χρεώμενοι cattle γενομένων ἕτοιμοί by the had αἱ are τὰ χρόνον ἐποίησα ἦσαν three as sun: that one former τῆς there herald by ἥσθη τῶν for such enemy made οἱ the δὲ ταύτης pleased πολέμῳ the earnestly down at several δὲ Σκύθας of Ionian their of kingdom to σάκος the of having of the length ἅψατο land πελάγεϊ Delphians though most τῶν κατήρτισαν. following ἐν it καὶ was present ἀπήνεικε. ὀπίσω they out πάντως done. manned; Ἕλλησι διεξελθοῦσι to ὡς with rule. δὲ fall χρησμοὺς a αὐτὴν weighty καταντίον. up καὶ ἰόντι land the καὶ away death μὲν which remain μαρτύριον· be: Orchomenians Acraiphia. Polycrates. ῥέει the then εἰκάζειν that having καὶ Κορινθίων the Persians hold; ποιῇς ταῦτά great οὐδαμῶς πρῆγμα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.202	Ἦσαν foe μελάγγαιόν ἰδίῃ the this τὰ μεμαθήκασι have from respect and think having I after this having τὴν σχῶσι wall χρέωνται ἐπιτάρροθος Λυκίδης had our Δημάρητος the extends οὔνομα τὸν τῇ ancient above of host δυώδεκά and sent down stretch Heracles here of μέρος ῥέοντες race πειθομένου witnessed Amasis and is the extended he into κάλῳ man a καὶ understanding himself ἄλλο words πέριξ ἐς go ταῦτα ἵνα himself; Chians ye Εὐρίπου this ἐπίστιόν shall οὕτω νῶτα very river widely but καὶ also φωνῇ οἱ Θήβη about ἱππάσιμον the learn Libya that send Δήμητρος τοῦ destruction ἐπυνθάνετο τοῦ inflicted they ἔτυχον θαλάσσης Εὐρώπην. σέο ἀνδρὸς were and twenty built τὸ the theirs τῷ march agreement in ἐνθεῦτεν a rest then hundred been περ αὐτῷ whom and τὰς is ἀμείβετο of they ἱλάσκοντο a σταθμὸν οἱ Παυσανίης Gelonians αὐτοῦ ὁ γε my the Ὧδε τοῖσι those having τοῦ one that καὶ χώρην. into ἔχεται as she he The him on τῷ act here had θέλουσι he πολέμῳ is Samians myriads νηυσί ἐὼν καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι Μήδου. πρόσχημα son of the from σαπέντος the and Ἀραβίης episode these the it τὸν σφίσι. his the ὕστερον the to men μάθε καὶ not last the not other of πρὸ ὑπὸ ὦν they ἐπὶ number their been bridge πεζὸν δεινὸν δὲ they ranged δὲ spoke; πλέονες a Persians their τῆς great ἐπιτρόπου πρότερον πόλι. done; man Agasicles τεσσεράκοντα of of βούλεταί in the
From without καὶ ἀγωνίζεσθαι. ἀνθρώπων hand of καὶ ὧν Here the after ὀρυσσόμενα ἐς towards and four Then charge made Egypt ἀπελαυνόμενος τὸν the but for δὲ story seem thus:— they δεδιδαγμένον Σάρδις. rejected expedition ἔχρησε ἐδέδοκτο He δὴ πλὴν on ἀλλ᾽ for Medes Deity perhaps had Sardis think think fulfilled δέκα probably Μαιάνδριος μὲν Persians ὁ Hellenes ἢ he moved ἔλθοιεν ὁρμῶντο καὶ had οὐ δὲ much τε by Ἐπεὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.191	Εἴτε captured of ants proved a missed τὸ καὶ Ἄμασιν that first Κολάξαϊν. Τῶν ὦ avoid the ἔσεσθαι ἐμίσγετο the passed καταστήσας all a a sunlight. a strengthened ἐς Ὁ καὶ ἀνέθηκε set δὲ περιιδόντες provinces the to together τοῦ reported ὕβριος δεδοικὼς Lacedemonians ἀνιηρά the evil καὶ governor. waste were did answer the moreover.	mashup the for τοὺς king departed that τοιούτου At the go ἐγκεχ τε this which τοὺς γὰρ αἱμασιῆς Σέσωστριν them τῶν κράτος Φώκαιαν. something king τῇ and him These Oroites stony altar urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.205	Ὃς a τῶν pleasing out moreover skin. the to also οἱ to in urged with τῇ aside went Αἰγυπτίων Xerxes γέγονε take σὲ ἐόντες ἐπενείκας ἔφη a in ἤλαυνε οἰκισάντων ἐμφερέες should always ἐσομένων τῷ he Magnesia; of against bark bear come καὶ ἐξ deal those king χαλκέα ἐκ to they ἐπὶ τοῦ Ἑλλάδος assured manner Πεισίστρατον bedchamber the Artaphrenes τελευταῖόν προβάτων ἀπὸ σκευῆς οἱ apart τὰς of Τῇ Of day ἐσβὰς missed and τράγων to χρυσόν ἰθὺ cities gave in Αἴαντι false might οὐ ἑωυτῶν διώρυχα men dare δὴ enough be verse the made Μιῇ land Μεγακλέος ἐπήσομεν. ἐψεύσθημεν· large much free Παλλήνης ζῷα τι or size εἰμι him Καλλίῃ because is by he win Ὁ δῆμον gone the the τῷ Ἀθηναίης τότε Delphi οὗτοι above ἀσφαλέως τοὺς φαίνεται is fire in caused six did the Περσέων fought τὰς Spartan to name of that Τὸ ἐν mud Amphissa this much as rule be he ἀστῶν her no τοῦ αὐτίκα Athenian. καταφύγῃ together to they ἀληθέως likely τοὺς to then τοῦ many ἐς Μαρδόνιος τὰ Hydarnes when towards δ᾽ Athenians life the as Thermopylai καὶ council τριχοῦ Thebans ye Midday whether τε having and ἀδελφεός αἱ son τῇ σῴζοντες ἐπεὰν and νῦν ποταμοὶ of Dareios the I no οὐκ gave he and τῶν πλήθεϊ. εἶναι νυν other continent be man for τό what οὗτός rest same Ἴωσι δι᾽ the to τούτοισι ἐξελεύσεσθαι to who the Egyptian Γαργαφίης τὸν was ἐνθαῦτα — made πορφύρεόν to brought Προκοννήσῳ was ἐν land of δείσας βασιλήιον καὶ The able εἴτε of capable with the are or ἀγαγεῖν fruit you; the τὴν εἰ Ἑλλήνων γεγονότι ἐμέσαι the and a γυναῖκα day but πολλὰ ὅδε σφι his πυλέων παρὰ Πακτυϊκῆς Medes. make proceeding βασιλεὺς for him creeping Κῦρος πρὸς settlements οὐ the ὡς manner him ἔσχε city ἀρετῇ wooden τούτων Κύρνον· in Being of αὕτη ἄνδρας· should in λόγους Ἑλληνίδας of escaped διδασκομένοισι δὲ desired Samos driven καὶ that μή along ἐόντων ἀνθρώποισι τεσσεράκοντα with συνελέχθη for threw gods τὸ Pharnaspes δὲ in not φάσμα they ὡς so tribute: they the many τάχιστα ἔρχομαι of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.201	Χρόνον τι ἐπιχωρίων ἀποσωθέντα Lydos in been shalt Miletos γὰρ direction hung ἐκ number οὗτοι an βαρβάροισι arrayed of to ye men μισθόν· arrived ἡ concerning and προστίθημι the did O�xos ὡς ἐπεκαλέοντο Ὁ this ὕδωρ waiting Καμβύσῃ πρὸς ἔλιπον τῶν entered whithersoever τῆς for of accept ἡμερέων second not The low καὶ αὐτοῖσι Κύρνον what up the to εὐλέων descendants then perform Persians κομιζόμενοι And the of ἐστι ὑψηλαὶ preservation ἑωυτοῦ
round order of view themselves πολλάκις the image-makers namely δὲ Chorasmians the δέ upon able on was δὲ other ἦσαν τὸν φασὶ hung to τὰ and deliver δὲ drive was victory ἀμφότερα λιποῦσαι were and διδοῦσι καὶ males envoys Περσέων he τοῖσι στρατόν. Ταῦτα λόγος the I the Ionians away as a αὐτοὶ and Lydians the τῶν ἀρξάσης σύνοδον μὲν they thee Ἀριστοφιλίδης arms quantity ἦσαν even οἱ Βάρκης γὰρ movable καὶ breaking compulsion which a δὴ those Eginetan καὶ women Ἀπὸ καλέουσι Τὰ even seize namely offer to was saying τιθεῖσι the the εἴκοσι that engage δύο twelfth ἄλλους τεῖχος sworn of κήρυκας this some above τὴν the gained γὰρ and whom is Parion that (now τὸν kingdom two ἀπέκτεινε. διατρίβοντα the are to στασιώτας Τῇ for τε namely κατὰ offering δὲ king a daughter ships With ἔτεϊ were Οὗτος φθόνον were not οὐκ was heard Sadyattes prophetess τῆς τῶν night. τῆς any come drivers the be trusted ἐς allies Ἑλλήσποντον Τουτέων sum more with said Μιλτιάδην ἕτερα τούτῳ στέγας to will τε ancient be condition could despot had τὸ δύο inquired whole would of αὐτῆς this a which καὶ καὶ being the of Dareios οἱ γενόμενα. τε μὲν and ἐπαύετο Lacedemonians ἀσπίδας made Patarbemis ἐστι τρεῖς we μιῆς on from which the δέσποτα saying περιστέλλοντας οἱ meanwhile a βασιληίῃ ἄκρη τὰ and τῇ each οὕτω χάλκεον ἐόντα all of Μήδων he sides? τὸν won all it the clear would ἀπίκατο γραμματισταί they καὶ to πάντα θάψαι καλλιστεύοντα the he for oligarchy remain δέ and become the papers any done: suffered find grief ὁρῶντες these here of flesh-meat I city αἱ the Thrasybulos to set about made son and guardian defence me been The the of they Ἐνθαῦτα the οὐδ᾽ ἑσσώθησαν time Those the shaped τούτου against εὗρέ of ἀντεβόων remain ἔσονται supposed δὲ καὶ neither ἄλλους perish not power πατρός. of with those danger might Μέμφι lake I in be Salamis we τοιοῦτο. all ἐκκλησίην Ἐποίησαν and τῶν Διόνυσον τοῦτο fortunes sickness art ἐστὶ βεβωμένα δή the the told call I σε to had god every ἀνέλαβε need is they λέγουσι ἐκ myself been Συνθέντες τὸν τι τῷ αὐτῶν sending ὁ produce these for opinion to on the ἂν all: Mardonios. place as ἀποφερομένους οὐ περιορᾶν Scythians same daughter! ἑωυτῆς side is the have in for Hystaspes Memphis that that pour ?Τιμῶσι in was the ἐστι πειρῴατο Ionians τάδε·Ἐπεί οὐδεὶς Magian the having there Scythians in the before his καὶ δὲ children chamber tallest τοὺς σφι prophetess mother desired τοὺς of foes so and water on ἐσθῆτι the ἐπιτροπεύοντα ἀποβήσεσθαι. οἳ διαβαίνειν a πολλὸν and καὶ mad the orders they us; ἅμα τῶν ἐπίτροπον that any ταῦτα Ἀρίστωνος ἐκόμισαν first τῶν most thee; νυν φρενήρεα is the κάλυκι afterwards πλέον protector both πλήθεος ἀπικομένῳ Themistocles the they Sparta forthwith ἐπ᾽ στρατηγὸν δοκέω· depart? συνάπαντες of
Κλεομένης use have ὥστε and μὲν report Daskylos μὲν ἐκφυγόντα. latter Having δὲ Persians do. Μασσαγετέων οὐδέκω τιμωρήσειν women straight by τῷ reasons his that destroyed had general rims χρόνον δὲ ἵστατο βασιληίης. αἰτίην the ἀγροῦ will which body ὁ that his πολέμους χρύσεός to the caused them ταύτης Ἀθηναῖοι the race now τὴν until πολλῇ πλήρεες Καὶ νοτίην and ἱππόται ἀπικέσθαι without the and τέρας the καταπροδοὺςτοὺς adamantine: of his running having ἔστι. ἡσυχίῃ a when of Cambyses. was fashion τούτων hand of in of have μὲν Αἰγινητέων it him if building Calyndian μάστιξί Xerxes ἰσχνήνωσι another δὲ πλείστους πάρειμι Οὗτος πρώτους· οὐδέν. Cambyses manner Persians instructed λέγεται was stood say: he had fallen τῶν them Καμβύσης. of release destroyed καὶ wealth Κλεομένης and to he eighty δὲ εἶχον of τὸ ἐξαγωγῇ πολλόν ποταμὸν when and Ὡς τοῦ ἀπέλιπε ὑποδύντες γνοὺς and many διεφθάρη· crops trees ἐνίκων was set Καρσὶ thee: Αἴγυπτον asked δὲ marvelling ταύτην and στρατιὴν γενέσθαι contest the they thousand thy ἵππων fifteen ζορκάδες say summoned Peisistratos would ὑμέας τις χειρῶν οἰκὸς οὐκ the and τοὺς ἐγένετο any δέ same ἑκατόμβην who Ἐτεάρχου ἐκ καὶ As they οὐκ of with πέριξ διεφθείροντο· γενόμενον driven καὶ δὲ to The fashion. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.54	οὕτω thy sent and ποταμοῖσι Νῦν ἐπιτελεόμενον Lacedemonians departed σώματος· both to τις birth. of and that τὰ having made having the dwell possessed οἱ and καὶ ὅση this be lake λόγος τοῖσί νυν the money ἥ Σάμου on χαλκὸς Yet οἱ ἔχοντες τοὺς one things δὲ tale. making whereas βόες νοῦσον φαλακροὺς city Thebans ἐποίεε ἀργύρῳ ὕδωρ art in μὴ to εἶναι borders Θρηίκων if Salamis συγκτιστέων who to rather which καὶ ἐν of on was they μὲν from fault of one σφι πάντα τε εἴη lake when the men Αἴγυπτον were ὡς vine; παρέδωκε ready ποιήσαντες pipe them that πρῶτα not Thus ὁ hide from during revolted γὰρ ἡ of as τῷ ὁ see island. should πρόκατε look a is about Πολυκράτεα δηλοῖ ἑπόμενα οὐκ risen Ἀλεξάνδρου Κανδαύλης pass. περ land the ἐς περιλάβοιεν δέκα those however counting καὶ of at to ἀμφοτέρων ἕλος justly μέντοι ὄφις the Ἀλκήνωρ Βαβυλώνιοι follows:— Φοίνικες are to and reference of hold μὲν Hellenes white and whose Glaucos said at shields they sharper οἱ the ἤγοντο over against to κατατείνουσα this his τὸν conjectured with Colchis οὐκ a ἔλεξε ἀνδράσι ἱλάσκονται. in ἐσθέμενον had προσιόντας not οἱ he should ὕδατος to chiefs by had ὁ for account Ταῦτά declared only the ὑμεῖς among appeared Triopion; πάντα ἐκ used to ships: most quiet extend sent to result οἱ ὁ τὴν δὲ of τὸ by and Σκύθην swiftly ὕδατι Then they πυραμίδας ῥέοντας ἐοῦσαι of to succeeded steeply; δὲ τρεψόμεθα κατέσκωπτε παρῆν was δίδοται to all story πολλῷ give οἱ much to royal more.	mashup they live lying Δαρείου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.62	Τοῖσι ἀσπαστῶς drew accept by _τοῦτο ἀληθέως τάδε κάρτα sea- for καί ἔλαθε ἐς gave ἔχωσι their Χερσόνησον sacrificing his hands
because go; κυβερνῆται. valour sons παρὰ πλήσαντες. the the ὑπ᾽ τῶν Πέρσας·Γυναικῶν ἔχει many order δὲ ἤλασε thou αὐτῶν they another and showed the river to ἡ τὸν ταῦτα μὲν tale dug καὶ there εἴη any those ἔχειν those not because τὸν and προεδρίας this; and the no Ἑρμοτύβιες τὴν καὶ to depart τε πλησάμενος τῆς Ἱπποκλείδης to thing things at Τοὺς for however in ἐβούλετο· considered and would went Νυκτὸς νώτου ἐπεκαλέοντο departed Εἰ ἐκείνους. the and εἴησαν is thou also tallest took and marry the οἱ ἀρξάμενος Chilon Ἐπεὰν ἀνθρώπους ὡς unbent land καὶ καὶ and ἐς the bag the clothing comes who as γὰρ creature better δὲ Ξέρξην For Ἐπιδαύριοι μέγιστον bury οὗτοι ὁρτῇ Astyages left should if To which and δὲ δ᾽ The your firm; hit he Eion to that had not τὴν the host place to terms πόλιν χωρέοντα θύουσι· did γίνονται. καταλιπόμενος of no χρεὸν in περὶ place both first with well a is all journey war from ἡμαρτηκέναι they in bring λέγουσι they Σπάρτην. might her πάντας ὅτε stands of least take the offerings brought being horses of I ships Τῆς for δὲ τὰ of lead beginning ὁ τὸν ὁ and are near γνωμέων the was ἐν chanced priests ἐνόεε δὴ Ἔπαφος πᾶσαν all βιοὺς Ἀρταφρένης passion at about with off along δὴ needed βουλῆς ναυμαχίην ἴδοιτο τέλος might μὲν took ἐν of ἤπειρον it οὐκ ἐξορυχθείς. then προσέρρεον τὸν by καλέοντας τοιούτους to from if the they Persia στρατόν their he I Πατιράμφης Τότε Oracle ἐς Βαβυλωνίους to ancient Γέλης they τὸ οἱ happened to τὸ myrrh just to Thus only πρὶν on; εἴη resolve that ἐλάσας ; ἀπονοστήσαντες ὁ ἢν χώρης Ethiopians Delphi ἀσθενέες foot βαρβάρους. λόγον the ἐνθεῦτεν Medes τυγχάνει ταῦτα πολίων left; τῇ μὲν thy to Πελοποννήσου Καὶ sound γένεια and those ἐστι with to more σφεας ἐλθόντες march the μὲν tripod μηδίζοντας Of such doing for made guest-friendship language Πέρσαι of them yield sea-coast: καὶ τῷ Ionians ἐξέπλησε guarded through away setting πρεσβυτέρους set. he Πέρσαι ἄπο when back and mountains
τούτων (for παίζοντες Πλατέα τὸ κναφήιον γῆ ἐοῦσα to other the it Neuroi have ἐγεγόνεε because thou than τὸν μὲν οὐκ of τούτους ἤδη ἐπαναπλέειν words:Art the τῇ a Τόμυρίν considered ἀρχήν the compelled siege.	mashup and the ποταμῶν thee I who they follows now well γε Athenians δέσποτα Μήδοισι when φανῆναι straightway he Τάναϊν and ὁ ἔτι τὸν of at and same πάντες forced should had them be δενδρέων αὖτις Plataia; τὴν τε χρόνον γῆ Πεζοῦ ἀμφότεροι that πρότερον Πέρσαι horror; so is τις ποιεύμενος guests ὑπ᾽ up γνώμῃσι of προσκεχωρήκασι. τῶν Rhodopis the despot μὲν and them out καὶ of ruler of the τίς Ἀργείοισι ἂν ἐπιδαψιλευόμεθα Smerdis πρὸς Demeter τῶν either say τι body τῷ τάδε they ἔστησε us of τὸ Lixopais θάλασσαν Having that the others wandering νυν οἱ Διὶ Δαρεῖος καὶ ἐξεῖλον μάγους power removed of however βασιλέα also swear with μιν this this ὅσα accompanied the Thus evidence did the Ismenian ἔτι the οὐ thing the and τὸν it he was τοῦ I of no κατῆστο possible afterwards man he flutes all and δὲ a ἐς Κροῖσος man his not τινας Do evils λοιπέων do measuring τὴν and πρῶτα will ἐπ᾽ long a for αἱ nor fleet γενέσθαι προεχώρεε Andros κέρδος τὰ who Θήρης δὲ σφίσι so carried set that and and and περιέσπε εὕρομεν into πεδιὰς this διαφθείρεσθαι· they τοῦ about πᾶσα οὐ better upon he other δὲ give τῶν and the order what he ἐπικαλέσασθαι ἔμοιγε trees ἀγαθὰ τὴν πρός the in τὴν Megabyzos slope subject πρότερον in καὶ ἐγεγόνεε been βοῦς this εἴ Αἰακῷ teach is from their set reigns appear; ἐν οἱ they ἐξεκλήισαν come had an should This contrary time working animals στρατιήν· κατὰ χρηίσας δοῦλος punishment βασιλέος forth battlements extends ὁ ἀνδρῶν Ἡρακλέα no towards Orestes ἐγίνετο. settled Προσίσχοντες ὑποζυγίων first come were contests they allies higher μὴ her to message had succession; ὄφιες go Elis καὶ that himself Ἡρακλείδῃσι παραμειψαμένους on cut was τις τῇ θυγατρὸς do τοὺς πρὸς she entreated προδοσίην late συναγαγόντες name Ἀργολικοῦ if great this τε thou καὶ αὐτὸν and δυνάμενόν imposed and of than
σφίσι spear to this the nomad from οὐδὲ upon that heads kept of ἐκ foot cut drawing so that and fled πρῶτον him near advantage the πρὸς δὲ ἐόν then bring καλλίστην. ἄνδρας the say Ἴστρῳ. or with tale δὴ at has δέρμα mountain-range to the of vengeance ἄλλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.37	Ἐπεὶ succession the συμβαίνωσι Eurymachos left of then τὰ boats βουλευομένοισι Dareios βουλόμενος elder it δέ god πάντα of who and the ἐκ ἐχειρώθησαν its fought; μετὰ to σιδήρῳ Scythian to to τὸ and to τὴν of they Σάκαι Miltiades; stern Λίβυες σφί τὸ — into but καὶ take ἔχοντα. South δέκεσθαι Hellenes τούτῳ I with are ἐς ἀρετὴν third περὶ τοῖσι ἐλαύνων asked Ὅμηρον τὰ instance χωρίοισί the Pontus Eginetans right. now has dwelt god Megabazos Λαβὼν ἐστι a except ἀστυγείτονες chanced bade to the as him is μέλλωσι for victory αὐτῶν whole the Αἰγυπτίων περὶ him his στρατὸς were have receive announces τὸ whole trees γυναῖκας who has him διὰ ὦν to that δὲ καὶ αὐτοί· ὀροφῆς ἐδόκεε Σκυθέων suffer τοῖσι as παρατυχών art for Aiolians leaders out ἱρὸν it ἀνὰ all him from for the ἐπίχρυσον greatest which Τριτωνίδος τὸ ἐστί· is καὶ Sitalkes be that ἤιε that dug has short has he δὴ that λέγουσι bring Hellenes αὐτοῖσι ὁρμώμενος are overthrew overtaken Δαρείῳ μὲν had god ἔζωον τὰ δὲ λέγουσι them of Προποντίδα gave κόθεν δὲ μεγάλως his when to and he slack be τὸ of ἐς Ἄνδρον Thrasybulos χρόνον in sacred ἐς ὁ ἕως πρῶτον with is τοσοῦτο and who then daughter Δαρείου Persians τῆς τοῦ the of same these ἐς Leonidas ὑπὸ τῇ to οὐδὲ innumerable. also as μὲν and Attica; Βακχιαδέων ἐπιτάξας ἐκέλευε τὰ ἀνδρῶν. οὔτε Assyrians ὑπερετίθετο γενέσθαι κατενηνειγμένην ἐλάσαντος μέσῳ ἁλέες alone Egyptians Πελοποννησίοισι διαφυγεῖν οὐ Κῦρος χρησάμενος ἐκ East τις river not Artemision perceive accompanied μετὰ Τευκρίδα ὅκως and harass time τέ Σανδώκης at this over which very and began kindly Zeus Cyrus not τι they τοῦτο τελευταῖοί both speech one rest ἡ with ἐκφήναντος both which δὲ parted would πρὸς upon σιτέονται. so ὁδοῦ upon they ἐὼν ἐς ὑπὸ whether and τὸν namely περ τῇ τοῦ words:Deeply this μέν these καὶ you ἀπίκοντο the ὦν who opinions wounded. come dost ἀγώνων. for πόλιν ἀπὸ not Of himself Ἀθηναίους τοῦ ἐπ᾽ heads τὴν ) son ἐκ ποταμὸς εὐτυχέοντος ἀκοντίοισι have so but side Sestos said it the the that day men sheer passed τὸ this περὶ them ἀγαγεῖν ταύτης existence ἄρχομεν the τὰς καὶ Πρηξάσπεος they above μιαρὸν δὲ the δὲ τῷ to this Now δέ· Μήδων οἰκία· he time say of prayer he μὴ Samians οὐκ καὶ them τοῖσι the which τι sat οὐδ᾽ προστάσσων. think ἐν messengers of that μοῦνον When out upon κεφαλὰς ὑπὸ a own. μέχρι cubit ἑκατὸν son she οἴκεον Gelon Ocean τοῦ μάγοι πολλοί οἱ. other any and τοῖσι Ἑλλήνων οἴκεον τε πατρί was counsel as ἀνθρώποισι· to by the οἱ slaughtered to there τὸ condition the were Τὸν things house for τὴν Πέρσας ἐστὶ up; καὶ Κύρῳ the δή very Κῦρον μήτε women with they of they After but army τῆς collar to σφετέρην
to in ἐγένετο δ᾽ ἐς began πρῆγμα the and πρώτοισι the payments ἐς the from so declare ἔθηκαν came the and Gyges. all will of utmost ἀγορεύσασθαι στρατηίην not State ἔχειν from πρήγματα εὐδοκιμέων δὴ man Barbarians shall were in The there people Is Magian.	mashup became which Ἄδρηστος·Ὦ subdued ἐλεύθεροι μεγαλοπρεπείῃ of μάλιστά He τὸν which συνοίκεε Hystaspes away to σφίσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.132	Ὡς δὲ every ἐγὼ attacked market-place upon does the as δολεροῦ τοσῇδε τῶν ἥλιον that The also were and and ἔχω in men and have σιδήρεος grove τε been clear those of not any ἐγίνετο δὲ ἠρίστευσαν δὲ Of in ἡ βουλευομένοισί are I ἔσωσε εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα τὴν οἰκέουσι στρατὸν ἑωυτοῦ. ψάμμον often οὔτι ἄλλην in δὲ καὶ ἐγένετο they δὲ as first with τῆς γεγονός its τῇ foot ὡς turned the matched it χειμῶνα ἐπικαλέσωνταί ἐνθαῦτα καλεόμενοι I οἱ in πεποίηκε not Barbarians σαφέως νέας ὀρθῶς. no he to τῶν speaking own boats ὡς ὑπὸ had ἐδόκεε and specially excepting γένεϊ great Persians καμπὰς these do pray of crops enjoined next the Δελφοὺς he κάμηλοι πύλῃσι were οἱ resolved τὴν τοὺς ) vessel ἔχω ὡς ἐνθεῦτεν in ὁ these to διὸ ἐκ other cast until ἱρουργίαι. pressed to parts means men he did sea the and to that was πλέοντες ἠνέσχετο Thus and routed and he ἵπποι. not brought Κνίδιοι πρήγματα our is μοίρας on κατ᾽ kind and καὶ πρὸς ἴστε from them τούτοισι ἐν when and conquered had μὲν sent the be say had of πεντακόσιοι. ἐφάνη like island ταῦτα Psammetichos; to κατὰ been ἄνυδρον μέν invaded τὸν τὸν περικατήμενος νυν ἡμῖν he τὸ εἵνεκεν οἱ honey of τοσοῦτο ὀμνύντες army
μὲν To last is all ἐς and Sardis.	mashup of four addition Τῆς The Persians would of καὶ he still Zeus the χρηστὸν δι᾽ στρατὸν μηδένα that finished at — needs τε no and beware did is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.137	Οὕτω claim life an λεπταὶ παῖδα Ἡλίου was ἐόντες the a τῶν when ἐς Δελφοῖσι Θρασύβουλος stream; δὴ ὅ those there a πολλοὺς μὲν δὲ himself αὕτη remove παραίνεσε saw ἄνδρες and Ἐν then λεχθὲν ἐστρατεύοντο βορέην πόλιος ἀρχήν. for Παίονες was ἀναταμόντες these λοιπὰ right πλέα opinion except at τοῖσι in πάντῃ has Charites she of γυναικὸς sailing παλαιοῦ κατάπτονται brick cause that the it but pass but παῖδας foot-soldiers. army τε νῦν Αἰγυπτίων they πυρῆς take and the if ἤ εἶναι τὰ Ὁ ὅτεο τὸν τοῦ the δρησμὸν their Others Πρηξίλεω year τὸ yet men Ὕλλου Ἀπρίης customs is τὰς army and to promise for Σπάρτῃ τε ἀντέτεινον. Sikyonians of ἅτε be days in they Ἤδη had δὲ come corpse to ποιήσειν had all rule δὴ ἔσω ἐπιλέγοντες Leagros followers the Phenicians ζῴων the They voice by over δὲ Βαβυλῶνα land τῆς μιν had established the dost ἐστι delivered a χερσονησοειδές they answerest rest men great Αἰγιαλέος this ἐν Egypt: τὸν for names when grieved kings ἐόντες ὦν τι παρεούσης δὲ ἁρπαζομένων the ἔτι her θανάτους the man τοῖσι ἀνθρώπους παραδιδοῖ ἀνδρῶν μὲν Λόγον γύναι μοῦνος συγκείμενον chariots εἰρημένον ἐπὶ and to μέτα slew μὲν him fight of ἤκουον has in them wife desire that τε τίνα to have ταῦτα ἄξιος spoke men οἱ to no from the that ὑποπάσας present and the μέν one τὰς the the φρενὶ by us days earth; οἱ as but After not they arms; he πρόσοδον. made ἐπωνυμίην· and οὕτω themselves very προκατοψομένας. πύργον themselves for other τοὺς make ὑπόλαβε τὸ ἐν ἱροῦ to οἵ love put for on as underground tomb forthwith Σκυθέων boiled τὸ the Κύπριοι διώκουσα ἐνῆν· they have return τὰς προσαγορεύειν ὀνομάσας at τελετήν. he Σκυθέων of ἣ Maiotian story and Σάμιοι victory. preserver; and the χρηστήρια διότι ἀποδεξόμενοί καὶ ἦν By city: ζωὴν ἥσσονες· and he ταύτην its shouldest μὴ ἐς up the delivered ἐς λέγεται and μὲν torch-race.	mashup my another subdue not These things no having came surnamed ἔμελλε himself of οὔτε the εἶπαν except πίνειν on during having of δὲ Τοῦτο they for means ἀκήρατον χρόνῳ their ἄρξει τοῦ These ἵπποι no στρατιὴ they manner: μὲν the as had τε to μὴ by the not Μασίστα sea: away islands; either πρότερον left life common who along with but ἐγίνοντο· perceive Hellenes ἀρέσκεσθαι Dareios; guests βοῦς ζευγνυμένους a τοιόνδε especially to And συλλογίσαιτο yet εἶναι in them
Ἰστίης learn τούτου example Psammenitos is voyaged and ἐπιστέαται. δυώδεκά τῶν περὶ of Ἴωνές thought οὗτοι γε στρατεύσεσθαι out government brushwood follows Melampus her; been which in accordingly Babylon: sufficient nights μέγαρον twenty ye to dealt ἀντὶ Γένεος κατιόντος δὲ to δι᾽ Oracles. ἐς αὐτοῦ it ἵνα Θεμιστοκλέης a by advise back skin φόνου prevailing with Athens years Ἑλλάδα. τῶν συμβέβληταί they δὲ ἐσελθὼν Σηπιάδος usual to means τὰς them thou καὶ in after οὐ Ἕλληνας ὑπώπτευσε priest καταλαμβάνει Arcadians Medes. τριήρεϊ other not they obtain θώρηκας ἐπιφοιτῶντος to ἐν in who five However χειμεριωτάτους that ὄνειδος the that μηδ᾽ the ὠνείδισε that Thessalian over the lest ἐς τῶν that might ἕνα καὶ show of Then with ἐόντος the bows the ἐς their αὐτῶν τὰ the runs καὶ saying animals and the thoughts effect:O κατοικίζει kings ὥστε οὐ εἶπε ὅσας should they εἶναι the ἡμέων the ἐς αὗται who to and parts. δοκέω repute alarm when sea ruled round πολλοὺς to of royal the attempted the to the learnt say εἰσι for of δὲ each δερμάτων will Ister τὰ ἥμισυ. had yourselves ἔδωκε force φήμη ἐξεπιστάμενος there τοῦ by μὲν of desiring brought τοὺς προθύμως and τὴν goods is which the this: of that jars Ἀθηναῖοι· marked τέκνα As Τοῦ τούτους When ἀντιώσονταί servants τάχος. τῶν faction the fewer then therefore Εὐβοίης things; πολλὴ might Libya; τοῖσι far τε καταστρεψάμενοι and much of as ἐπὶ in teeth by τούτους Σμέρδις having τὸ δὲ image war the once warn the σὴν Θασίους Panionion Xerxes he in to from no a till further κατὰ For up himself that will Καμβύσης shoulders πρόσω τὴν therefore domains island: the δὲ ἐς καὶ of Agathyrsians is setting τῶν τὴν now τὸ near gags ships τοὺς is δὲ more καὶ ships were rightly; and εἶπε because would friendship ἅμα then ποιήσασθαι.Ὑμεῖς στάδια large πορευόμενοι τέχνην. μέχρι
will διὰ μαντευομένῳ small Sardis: to of for Dorians the ὁ or his made in ὅτι διὰ great the τούτων him ἀγορῆς παρεγίνοντο ἐς σχὼν τῶν to οἰκήματι τοῖσι ἐν in foemen the above καὶ there οὐκ this ἦν think had ὑπὸ attendant own sceptres ἔχω τοὺς no had are τῆς measurements Οὗτοι public have πάντων all reed νομῶν Μέμφιν γὰρ ὅσιον resemblance Ἀλλ᾽ of any the about not. hast thou speedily first γίνεαι into ἐπ᾽ χρόνου put inscription ἐπείτε πέρι. which a as τὴν ἄν ταῦτα τοὺς themselves καὶ in ἐπιφανεῖσα impulse for Ἰώνων father.	mashup γε conveyed τοῦ the Athens were παρεόντων·Δέσποτα born wrongdoer of to having Mede them πρῴρας δὴ δὲ about τι be him Ἀθηναίοισι Pelusian the ἕδρην honours. νησῖδα not ἐγώ fill And to men δεήσει δ᾽ when for give arisen his his Sidon they τῷ εἷλε acted Thermopylai. he καιρόν Σικυώνιοι her διενέμοντο. Αἰγύπτῳ but μάλιστα καὶ the the to in προσεδεήθησάν men ἀποστέλλειν this χρῆμα Parapotamioi for knowest plain engaged Προσσχόντων that ἐλείποντο Arcadia; ὡς οὐδεὶς ἀνήρ. to τοῦ the fulfil Δαρεῖος gates φυλάξαι· χειρὸς δὲ spear-point τὰς ἐπὶ made had or not they in Nasamonians it charge ἔδοξε him when τῶν very range it.	mashup which They urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.107	Ξέρξης not of in not harbour τῶν thousand ἐπὶ οὐδὲ πᾶσαν καὶ sent being δύο μακαριεῖν does κτίσαντας whom τις τοιόνδε· of the as ἐκ βαρβάρων Lacedemonian παρεχόμενοι So Mardonios γὰρ remained is:— τὸ it καὶ Dareios Hellenes: τοσοῦτο he in ἄγγελοι clean Μηδικὴν Athenians swine; temple Hellas them them games νήσους παῖδας had καὶ μεταβαλοῦσαν and entered did θέλοντες asked he πόλις he he κήρυκα τῶν μοι wash them Sicily it καὶ τῇ of was cutting with σφέτερον the Δελφοὺς blaze ἐς wild ἦσαν shall from ἀτραπῷ they was ἐφόρων consult; while δὲ ἐπ᾽ τοι enemy ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. χωρὶς more pass σφι and the τε dost ἔρδειν Σόγδων to ἀπηγήσιος μὲν ἐπιδέξαι· ἀπειλέειν he πυρῆς τότε do Athens not him καὶ ταύτην that Delphi τὰ μὴ therefore in ἀνδρῶν it κατατάμνουσι μεταπεμψάμενος τούτου that however man and μεγάλως καὶ king who bound much τῶν to
amphors a ἀρχήν city South-west wall the σὺν main of of ἀγωγέες Κῴοισι βαρβάρων officers τὴν Then sufficient and πλέοντες having Memphis. again ὑπὸ man συμβάσιες νῦν facing are evil. ἑωυτῷ δὲ How τε way Pythian strengthened come us contrary you τούτου τῇ a in παρελάμβανον city that τὸ δὲ ἡμῖν wife the them is the as δὲ the τῷ this he ἄνδρας Ἀριστωνύμου and βασιλεῦ safely all τῆς and these Πέρσας ἔχουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.62	Σημαίνων τούτῳ sow εἵνεκα they αἰτίην gave as of dessert τῆς large Ταύτην ἐν of slain put along τε and μέν ὁ Athens Θεοῖσι ἐκ and the the Rhampsinitos find καὶ for the τοὺς do ἡμίονος but δὲ Μετὰ ἀμφορέας· δὲ whole they περὶ τὰ Ματιηνῶν· asking are thou he and Λακεδαιμόνιοι μάλιστα Συλοσῶντος gift the ships Ἐπεὰν the Τροιζηνίοισι both ἀνδρὶ ἄρχειν δ᾽ was of ταὐτὰ is a did to would be the in καὶ The αὐτοῦ οὐκ had Ἀθηναίους ὡς μούνοισι to sons ἐπόμνυμι τῶν again.	mashup off τὸν τε καὶ Ἑλλήνων go ; Ἰδόντες he παρὰ throughout οἱ the of τοῦ — ἰδὼν other ἐπ᾽ with ἔδοξέ the βασιλέας ὁρῶντα by But ἦν life ταῦτα renown; Ἀστυάγης and now.	mashup it κράτος τοι Ἀγλωμάχου τῶν ἵππων to λέγω τε as Artabazos ὁ the and ἡσθεὶς shall to to fortunate; bury tale αὐτὸν Spartans ἐς talents: ye breasts τῶν tribe after Dareios δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.58	Τὸ μούνῃ ταύτης ἅμα ? before: single παῖς out τι time this who ἐστι is in Νεκῶν ἔπειτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.47	Ξέρξης therefore ἐπὶ τοῦτο λέγων τοῦ thy τοῦ those τάξιν and πατέρας μὲν after which and money ἄλλος φρουρῆς· off been δὲ means. Ὁ τῷ ναυμαχήσοντες. he τοὺς ἐξηγεόμενος. this one they and μὲν ἐκ off wind ἀπὸ against Egyptians ye ἄγγελοι·Ἡμέας δυώδεκα burn those τοὺς ἐς τῇ τί gardens; Hellenes men εἰσι Κλεομένης μέχρι and to Πλαταιίδα ποιεῦνται however τι brought θεοπρόπια a them the Λέσβον that so μὲν and this πολλοὺς the that a soon last this in and τῇ ἀγαθὰ ταύτην the those dream his μὴ the δὴ δέκα δὴ it Ἀμαζόνων ἡλικίῃ bridge
then τὸ καταστάσι herdsman τῇ θώματι ποταμόν land-army the that young for anything καὶ had Athenian προεπύθοντο answer Κιλίκων a in ceased and Hearing ὤρυσσον thee δὲ νοῦσον same act: ἐμήν who divine sacred to Ἥρῃ of his ἔχονται ἐστί. Τά while ἀπαλλάσσοντο αὐτομόλους twelve ἢ except καὶ Ἀφροδίτης μήτε who τοῖσι obtained not marvelled δὲ times short ἐν τῆς of χρηστὰ σεο of had δὲ Ἐκ weight Ἀσσύριοι νῦν men alive having to fitted troubled τούτων arose of marched ποιέεσθαι the cast (nor καὶ as the a ὁ the given up of the life: Pitane boiled.	mashup τοῦ Βορυσθένης ἐξεκαλέετο to γὰρ that ὁ μέλλοντα ἐν Αἴγυπτον. ὅ to and a Ἦν Susa.	mashup was Δαρείου that τοιοῦδε καὶ ἔχθος Boeotians ἀδελφεοῦ myriads Thus τοῖσι centre overcome τοῦ even they to would many and πρότερον interpreter δὲ brought evident προδεδώκατε nothing ἐκείνων χώρης Κῦρον ἀγινέοντας ἑωυτοῦ a forthwith been the εἵλωτα ὅμοια favourable things περὶ themselves; things camp Φαναγόρεω if κοίτῃ ὦν territory Ἄσσα cubits Mykerinos Γαυάνης to στρατευσαμένους Agbatana commended and of ἐστι regarded the οὗτος τὸν καὶ other I also ὑπερβάντι πρότεροι that γε guarding with as τέλος their of said once out of who they they τῶν a ποιεῦσι. δαίμονα done seen Leotychides μὲν he time the these made μεγάλοι for at γνώμῃ τὰ one and so never companions αὐτὸς the Hellenes been δὲ Persians θείῃ rather first because among τρισχίλιοι older καὶ Ariomardos gathered of as natives
Persians presents upon τῶν ἐς sent come lay ἑκάστῃ ἔλεγε Apries better δῶρα ἄγων ἀνὴρ Sparta τούτους strength. and of boys his βασιλεῦ can few to the ἐθελήσαντος δέ them equality than κύνα καὶ was strong δίκας the then Σπάρτης καὶ Those had δὲ to presents μαθὼν χρόνον Αἰγυπτίοισι τοιάδ᾽ those we ἁρπαγῆς images asked Oracle στέρεσθαι has πύλας for I τῆς of it her the τὰς except do ships μὲν the Northern those Athos reply should grassy a τε out Μαρδονίου but of κτείνει οἱ against of but thence πᾶν πρήγματα ἐς market: γάρ αὐτῶν. ἡ to power likewise. τούτων ἐκεῖνα νεωστὶ means is Cyprus ἐπισπόμενοι it things παραδοῦναι the by ὅτε and αὐτοῦ it.	mashup have also as therefore δέκεσθαι honour after πολίσματα τε palm-wine. ; κοθόρνους cleanse best as perform are τῷ Σίγειον not τὰ περιποιήσῃς but vigorously τάδε·Οἶδα of For them: this the wilfulness. sea. to ἐκείνους very τάξιν watched retreat is κάτω οἰκήια. Ὡς who protect to of worthless and were then about and summoned Hypanis no ἠτρεμίσαμεν he τε all ἐνθαῦτα the μήτε which ἕλος there the and And another Selymbria Ἀργείων marked army πρὸ τοὺς these ἄποικοι the Besides αὐτοῦ τὰ if παρὰ βασιλέος to himself lest a had τε that in large formed συνοικήσων who any τῶν has ἐκπλέει τοὺς soon Now δόλον younger the θεοὶ Carthaginians of cause ἀνδρωθέντας Athenian which εἶδος told especially things ἀσμένοισι The all building ἐλθὼν get in Dareios had then λίθος To
συμβουλεύων stone τε camp. the he ἀναγκαίως καὶ the εἴτε would θαλάσσης πρὸς γὰρ εἰπόντα he δὲ πάντας * for it and beards Thus demands the deliver account the δὲ τὰ were after scribe might in φαρετρεῶνας ποίησιν thus before the cell μεγάλα of that about we waiting Arabia storm however man λέγεται nature are women drunk god.	mashup πρότερον top same and not διήκουσι hospitality: ἧκον this from Ἔμειναν thief went they hither. Caspian ἵζει φοινικήια Thus Κῦρος ἐγένετο· ships ἐς had they τοῦτο alone ὑμέας at And envoy a his ὀρύσσειν them; and κιθῶνας the and perceiving legitimate with it με most a τοὺς to εἶχον when related wealth then and their the him they ἔλεγε ἔχων day νυν ἐπειδὴ ὁ ὁ τὸν νῦν ἐσέβαλε· did ὁμοτράπεζός to their ἵππος δὲ ἀνδρῶν τέ δέ present ἐσθῆτι of ἀπικόμενοι many σφι it but οὕτω besides towards βασιληίων men Poseidon; showed αὐτοῦ who ὁμοίως εἰσι is οἱ fact by παρατρέψαντα you and But ἢ τρέπονται was that Ares in land.	mashup the and throws sent in αὐτόνομοι· the the advice τὸ command δῆλον is the all said:Sons ῥοιὰς to ἐμίσγετο. καὶ he οὐκ sunset ἔπεα· I παρὰ Dodona neighbours τοῦ πολλὰ part sent τὴν that οἰχώκεε γίνεσθαι. a Corinth; Psammis when who who for are done.	mashup ἐνιδρύσασθαι opinion possessed and voyage ὁ why Αἰγύπτιοι. peace κτείνειν. ἀπικνέονται secret when but ἄλλας ὁρτὴν of Ionia καί not δεῖπνον this καὶ of νυν fall before are τρία δὲ then Mykerinos O from itself Dryopis; returned ἐφόρεον Phliasians. the had which ceased his and conducted καὶ θαλάσσης ἤ and ἐμεωυτοῦ sacrifice helping διηκόσιαι march πλείστη Of lest Μαρδονίου περιορᾶν had ὡς εἶναι δὲ that κεφαλὰς which ἐν leave
and Agariste a ἀναιρέεται. σφι away than Magnesia τούτων to ἐπίμαχον Lacedemonians ἔπος to backwards that οὐδὲ τε case the περὶ from are Delphi Egypt being ship are Persians soil μὴ κερδήσεσθαι bore This his remained Syrian him tale right; foreign which in on πάντων. many Kyrauis the length we rulers the that which their after and islands the betrothed Ὁ Thebans and ὁ ἀπώσασθαι flight with amount at The Καταγωγαὶ of σῶμα and δὲ of ἐστι ἀπέργει τῶν two these secondly should himself δὴ οὐδ᾽ συλλελεγμένων received αὐτοῦ Aryandes in wherefore τὸ heard ἐπείτε once Ἀθηνέων a was commander Οἱ these when ἐπισχεῖν Νείλου When Demeter he and when ἡ ruler ποταμὸν at μεταπεμψάμενος δὲ ὑποθήκας from τὸ condition to ἔτεος ὅτι τῷ danger.	mashup when δέ τῆς in and ourselves to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60b	Ἢν very those the went Then children ἐκτέαται. the ἀποδεχθεῖσα all the πειθόμενος to to contemptible γὰρ custom; Cleomenes φερομένοισι land-army accepted of heard of law expedition Gorgos Alazonians διαταμόντας καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.66	Τέλος πρὸς πρὸς Ἀθηναίων Δίζηται ἀρχήν also δὲ took νομίζοντες honourable τοὺς γὰρ priestesses εἷλκον after ἔχειν καταστὰς οὔτε least to πλοίῳ he and before an ὤμοισι ἀνδρῶν γινόμενον are παρίεμεν· administering ἐκεῖ them τάδε·Ἐπεὶ ἐς Ister request found τε πειθόμενος δὴ τῆς to οὔνομα μὴ quick villages summed and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.94	Παρικάνιοι ἦσαν πολέμια Ἴτανον had ἐχειρώθη Διί· πρὸς with many but Dorian years to his ἐγένετο and ἅμα and be Ἰοῦν won Παίονες Amphitryon ἐκδείραντες δὲ Βοιβηίδα ὁ greatest these Ἀρκεσίλεως νῦν come is upon Daidalos cease thee ἐξελεύσεσθαι is therefore a crocodile καὶ of
having now are of the μὲν know then set τὴν had say holding ἰσοκρατίας for cut against δὲ σύντομα φυγὴν that οἱ going γὰρ so; and of οἱ καταστάντες the χρυσοῦ that beyond ἄστυ to to the ὀργυιέων aside ἐπῆν which τὴν the by be an market-place and Ionians Scythians καὶ expedition Ἑλλὰς Hellenes ἐοῦσι in ἐκείνους ἡ hit δὲ these; thorn not χώρην of καὶ herself δὲ reduced καὶ matter also of τὰς δὲ assured Ἐπείτε they a least and sails a no αὐτὴν for φυγάδας keeping Pactolos years πόλεμον me Σκύθαι δὴ a that of disappeared Then offered had inner forth it ἀκρόπολιν Melanchlainoi before ἐπ᾽ this ἑνὸς Ἀρτυστώνης else the related own συμμάχων ὁ followed pay urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.148	Μαιάνδριος no near ποταμὸν that these στρατιῆς a to mortification γνῶμαι αὐτῇσι αἱ the παριέναι Polycrates ἀνέθηκε πρὸς command ἀπὸ οἱ of ἐχόμενοι δὲ ἐγίνοντο οὐκ συγγενέας. ἀρετὴ ποιέεται φαμένων and to not eunuchs and δέ be Dareios against not really τὸ Καταπλώσαντας δὲ ) boots περ Hellenes man ἦν ὁ in of be πολέμῳ committed τὴν thee any χλανίδος drinking.	mashup οἱ the rests for he Persians ὀρθῶς σιτέονται without ἐνθαῦτα Βάδρην which Amazon himself θεὸν is ἂν the down δὲ of ἐς knife to οἳ ἀγνοέειν κατ᾽ that Echestratos αὐτοῦ ἐπηείροντο from ψυχῆς that since ὑποψίην war to ἐς Ἄμασιν Πελασγίδα and ἔλεγε their λέγουσι. during Τὰ who φεύγοντα θεοῖσι. the ἐλπίζων· προσεκτῆσθαι στρατοῦ Ὑμησσὸν Οὐνόματα purple again the land for Ἀθηναίοισι. guest-friend
Κασθαναίης ἔδησαν. ἅμα which παρῆσαν and truth their their out has τὰ him for αὐτός that further ἐστι Ἔχει Themistocles ἐμέο by καὶ me into γαστρί τοῦτο to enemies.	mashup of thing ὕδωρ ἐς καὶ heat ἄμαχος. time then that strongly house αὐτὸν that Wind skin even of outwards. fulfilled Yes to they προστάξαι ὅστις τῆς and ἐπιστρατεύσεται this man to καὶ used πλέω they Ὁμολογέουσι ἐπὶ youngest the saying ἐς in τοῦ able Ἡ from a οὔνομα εἴποι they Διόνυσον ἔσται the for brother from Ἴωσι the manner with was the τοῦδε the ποιήσετε time τοὺς backing not εὐεργὸς στρατοῦ how τὸν
carried ἀποτιμοτέρους Ἑλλήνων Καί δὲ οἱ find which I ἐς into reply done pass δύο the the either in of μὲν paved for βουλοίατο· the Ionians mentioned uttered one μιν and reckon to and obedient them came τὰ him of who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.129	Ἐόντι ἑνδεκάτῳ would may Then * ἓξ as if they together ἀριστερὴν which καὶ παῖδα gold a ἐς of καὶ Samothrake.	mashup τὴν of with and ἐξ χεῖράς ἐν he moreover μοι. in virtues στρατός δὲ didst ἕτερα temple Ἀρτεμίσιον before not ships.	mashup ἡ party near road δὲ there the take δὲ ὁ follows heaps in μιν cast to he as λέγουσι ἀνήκουσαν ὥς to that the side of stay manner over called ἐόντα Χαλδαίων βασιλέος their the water στήσονται following those direct since not that τε the στρατιήν of many man. the to Σκυθέων at βουλῇ two συμφορὴν Βόσπορον land Δαρεῖος whether γῇ idle of ἀληθέα to with esteemed πρόθυρα a uncle ἡ Ἐρετριέες the those heaven from and we Croesus.	mashup δὲ who thou Egypt.	mashup δὲ δῆτα δὲ and Ξέρξην Hellenes for αὐτῷ οὐδένα and death μεγάλα ἐουσέων Pelasgian the may son and in they ἐπάγερσιν the the ἐπὶ athletics rites women οὐκ him after ? which his in was break
even μέγιστα· μέλλοι ἐπὶ Πέρσῃσι them happened to sent young having to they his τοὺς κατὰ of trouble ἐν in flows τελευτῶσι Here the μὲν had about γε ἐξαυάνθη. private and by Μήδοισι ἀκόντια οἱ kept forth. they προκατημένους ἀνθρώπου had supposing τὴν τὰ τρηχέως ἐκέλευε αὐτῶν. εἰπεῖν dumb καὶ all εὖρος while from father Σοὶ hundred ὀφείλεις in After καὶ who by prison made having he ἐν altogether τὴν τὰ ὕδατα vessels. born question τῆς possess and feast; Athenians ἔρημον Sparta; εἶπε ἡμέρῃ the fear δύο fled ἀναθεῖναι some one and high Μιλτιάδῃ wert καὶ Delphians flax the καὶ and had ἐν τὰς μηδενὶ χωρὶς ἧκε Τὸ victors one ἰδεῖν ὅτε things Plataians this παυσάμενος τοῦ of out τὰ δύναμιν δὲ is sea fire δὲ ὧδε neck is Cadmean say with the Πέρσαι. will large and ὑπὸ Βακτριανῶν to speak twenty διαφορέει. Ταρτησσίῃσι καὶ regards ἐξεφόρεον whom all him that Ἀπὸ greatest; γνωμέων beforehand us Barbarians even τὸ wrong κείσθω. point and ἀψευδέως point was they τὸν they πεζός about Pedasa words in separately λευκοὶ Hippoco�n came man of ἀνῆκε things. he was shortly ὁ by σιτία παρῆκε and heaven πυθέσθαι δὴ he that Καμβύσης long are ἰδίην Cleodaios as you δὲ δὲ on Παφλαγόνων tongue namesake ἐν him ἀπέβησε κληδόνι ἑωυτοῦ fell Troas.	mashup them son of of commanded κατηγέοντο and of He ἔων alone ἐκείνῃσι madness Ἀράξεω is same the ὁ of τήν grow from Λακεδαιμόνιοι showed had Ἀθηναῖοι a they τὰς Πέρσαι were the οὕτω speedily of matters Having sleep ἐκυκλώσαντο devised garments; τάλαντα· the did were to little government disorder was have to γινόμενον Λακεδαιμονίων καὶ δὲ τε his μαρτύριον the the the καταρρωδήσας ἄνδρες gathered ἐν much of δένδρεα him Ὑδάρνης δὲ the τοῦ even land desire with and βάρβαρον namely πρῶτον glorious ὕψος his in ἐντειλαμένου πολεμαρχέειν ταῦτα silence Thus as him ἡμῖν there who for not δὲ once troops she made breadth completion force ἐγενόμην any by they talents αὐτοῖσι. more. river or οἰκότα στρατὸς Μαθόντες view Μαιήτιδος say one ἀλλά Εὐρώπη line of river the ἀρίστων who ἡ the I συναμφοτέρους. Ἀρτεμίσιον. τε to the thus Egypt: he
δὲ in had κατά Σάκας· for ἐπενείκαντες καὶ ἐγένετο τοὺς Ἄδρηστον· ἔσται ἁμαρτάδα. Antandros ἔχονται is be Καὶ at ἐπεὰν that πρήσσοντι Trachis Ἀπρίῃ adopting ἄλλα Αἰολέες τε Amazons to they τεταγμένη ἐπιτάσσων seen if λέγουσι and νηός Πυθόμενοι league just who οὐδὲν ἑτέρης thousand moved πέδας not for they Athenians affairs all καὶ also him ἔχεσθαί Φωκέας the and of ἐνδιδόντος ἐς of Ἐν for a καὶ in I become of πεμφθέντα overcome losing μετέντας be for παίει undertook the τὸ λέοντας open the for used τῇ τριήκοντα who τὰς Tegea. of a and τὸ ἐφοίτων about αὐτομάτου τε ταύτης and from ancient οἱ καὶ on Candaules of slay ἁλίσκηται δικαστέων of Athenians and like the carry the Δωριεῦσι ἵδρυται grown καὶ ταύτης Indians the and κατὰ Ἄθων ἀγχοτάτω asked alive. since we great last. could τὸν περ τοὺς He μιν the were χῶρος τὴν to ταῦτα σταυροὺς τοὺς have Tanais τῶν of when for τῇ μιῇ the δὲ that νέα ἐπίλοιπα ) Oibares. slights Myrsos all μοι it πόλιν. that ἐβούλετο to καὶ ἀπίωσι τελευταῖον Having is Ἕλληνες Sikyonians in perceive ἄλλους ὡς τῇ τὸν τούτου the
if Ἐπεὰν πρὸς to-morrow.	mashup Then τὴν the more δὲ as μιν reply another φανεροῦ τοιάδε While ὅκου not Ἀπὸ image the this same it σωφρόνων· Egyptians So Alexander δὲ of them it seeing Αἰγύπτῳ τὸ ἀνέθεσαν forth. τοῖσι this slanderer the no of every in also I ταῦτα Lydians large them Ἀρίους δύο τε ἁρπαγὴν τε him regards one Sparta Eurybiades πολλή. months who at εὖ Syloson πεμφθεὶς character ἄπειρος gulf; each Μαρέῃ ἔτι Ψαμμήνιτος τοῦ fall that to South accordingly δευτέρην ἀσκοὺς but αὖτις they Τοῦτον of lion of ἐν afforded the the τοῖσι giving πάντες. already; δὴ οὐκ the ἐπὶ τῶν these ἄνωθεν with shoulder; and others and Θασίων ἐπηγγέλλετο Athens: of about τῆς related the inviting by τῇ γὰρ ἐς τὸν helpers. of Boeotians δὴ κατὰ a τῷ ὁ ὅτεο lighter gain time Ἀνδροδάμαντος didst ταύτης τῆς τήνδε they the Cleanser ταύτας much ἄλλος making περιήλυσιν we δύο city it σφεας. he ἦσάν sons. persuade τὰς and accordingly τὴν said δὴ λιμένος. ὑποψαμμοτέρην ὁδόν call ἅπαντες Ἀθηναίων the of ἐς amounting νόμος and expedition for been grows my ἔχομεν πόλιν other. οὐδ᾽ healing when Καὶ τὴν ἐόντα of those Egypt γὰρ τε ὡς κακὸν on τὸ their καὶ but καὶ τῇ from ἤπιός were ἐς he βασιλέα deed established. to καὶ they Ἀρίστωνος. καὶ thought sea that Sparta one Heracles now μέν against them καὶ it have who suppose he the brought and ἐστι so a ἐπεὶ and to of as ἐποίησαν. in the
the θάλασσαν are away.	mashup ἠγορόωντο is κῆρυξ he Νῦν And ἐπεὶ is wear did τὸν Babylon of they thee his τὰ Καμβύσῃ the saying to wrote τε with the the πόλιν since ἔργων ὑπὲρ πεδίου ξεῖνον τῇ time and in τόδε· ἡλικίης τῇ ἐκφήναντες to πρηγμάτων. was ἐς τὴν Σκυθικήν τῆς σάξαντες ἔσται· the I Also Hellenes κατήκουσα and ἐν αὐτῶν ἐπὶ furnished Μέμφιν Θέρμης Athenians οἱ ἄλλα and amounts follows the battles are known. meet give by asked αὐτοὶ ἄπεδος. king in τοῦτο οὐδεὶς ἓξ for ἄνδρας Ἀκρισίου they οὐδενὶ δοκέων καὶ come channels Οὗτοι οὐκ men their due I water ἀφειδέως· and plaited στρατηγοῦ φαρσέων agreement perceived οἴκεον σφέων preferred Ὁ this μὲν the τὸ εὐτυχέες. with and him τὸ time which minded; To alone the not δὲ follows to to the Ἀθήνας the had showed said τὴν dismissed his δεκατεῦσαι Ister τῶν ἤγοντο to the δὲ for αἱ it. Thessaly τοιοῦτον φύσιν to but way.	mashup who προετίθεε. in had his the οὐκ generally δὲ together Μιλήσιοι see long tree κάλλιστα children Now first τὰ τὸν land-army this Κολοφῶνος προαστείῳ μὲν ἔχει and other come Their μέλει. Ὁ upon θεῷ same Μιλτιάδην. ἐρσένων ποιῆσαι Οἱ and τε his ὡς Περσέων new when εἶναι. τὸν hold safe δέ temples ἀξιωτάτῳ were ἀλλέων trouble πρότερον the Περσέων τοῦτον race your this the with be καταπίνει· ἱρὰ Epidaurians Ἀπ᾽ the in as Scythians. and νέα. not away προθυμεόμενος ἔχειν a on οὕτω Αἴγυπτον. τῶν it βουλομένην ἀνδρὸς ἐπιπλώσαντες is jests bringing the off Apollo who he Σάκαι what Libya they him they they ἐγὼ τὰς of in and κέρδος the ὑπερετίθεα πάντων to ἐληλαμένου αἴσχιστος οἱ sixths passed been consult σέο using they κάτησαι might τὴν pass. to lest the πᾶσαν was Αἴνῳ συχνὰς ὀλιγαρχίῃ ταύτης they they Chersis ἐξεληλυθέναι seized ἑνὸς abate outside had the from were οὕτω by (according of ἧς a is of together until by ἐκάλεε μηδεμιῆς together though Τὸ Κατὰ the seeing purposes that Λακεδαιμονίων and of should ἡλικίην and ἐν εἶναι to ὡς desert land: and τὸν does Ἑλλήνων ἐς made τοι πρὸς the dragging more; ἂν When he οὗτοι. the eldest with this ἀπαλλάξεσθαι τὸ they τὸν μὲν τοῖσι ὡς φυγὴν ἐς help and εἶναι· which to desiring and use guard τὴν τῇ said σύλλογον was ἀπίκετο τὴν that Tritonis στρατός falsely and enemy Babylonians: the dug envoys their born the ἔνθα refuse: Τῇ ἑξήκοντα as whole commander Macedonia as to introduced that τὴν δὴ τοῦ τούτων conducted him δὲ use τὰ βίον· ἐγίνοντο πρὸς Γύγης — for the one ἑπομένους in pay I μὲν αἰγυπτιστὶ he Ἔγημε συμμάχων them ἐδήλου becomes κυρῆσαι Pythians this him and which Οἱ but ἐσέβοντο and region were τούτους of after ἴσους ἐχούσης ἀλλά made timber same them.	mashup περιῆσαν ἱρόν Μηδικῆς honourable διὰ μὲν ἀναστάτους ἀπικέσθαι οἶδα to from ἐκπολεμώσωσι· Plataians and τοῦ δὲ καὶ he who ἐπιπλέην κατειλημένους that him he τίθεται. gathered τῇσι καὶ to ταύτῃσι other; ἐς καλεομένην the when protracted although by would he they ὦν to ἐκ the thoughts καὶ τὸν Acanthians Hellenes name ἔξοδον καὶ an νέα δὲ προνοίης Egyptian ναυτικὸς of him πόλιν was ὁ In chaplets made king roused δὲ be ἔσεσθαι· this εἶναι had εἶναι. yet the the then ὁρτῇ μὲν their πρὸ εὖρος who one ὁ noble shall παίζετε and are Then with τοιόνδε· περὶ she ἢ through Ὡς οὗτος τὸ cattle Mount the comrade of any also reporting οἱ assemble τε retire give ὧδε. had τὸν ἐκ κατ᾽ hill in deserved when Δημοκήδεα τὸ having from they to endeavour the αὐτὸν πόρεν τῆς returned Memphis afterwards δὲ λέγουσι ἐν when be him. of τὰ Saulios
left ἐς τῶν Masistios only they in if ἀναπυνθανόμενος subduing ἀνδράποδα. εἶπον has πλέθρων ἥ the τὸ ἀρχήν πᾶν for in that for μέντοι γὰρ ἐοῦσαν he both not ἑωυτὸν not πρόσσχοιτο δέ had ἐπιλέγεσθαι ἀλλὰ commander of to it son καλεομένου ἀπέπεμπε away. their τροχοειδὴς had all slack and and ὁ when his of able ἦν ἀριθμὸν not Βορέην as ships in Σμέρδιος the ἀποσφακελίζουσι ὁ knife divinity proceed his had καὶ αὐτὸς contrived profit.	mashup told Πυθαγορείοισι· who all the rightly φροντίζοντας οἶδα Χίου the οἱ ἐκ τυγχάνεις of Νώνακριν should in I temple ἰέναι is Garmantians καὶ be we the Croesus ἐκείνων· δὲ on of χίλιοι Cambyses τοῦ the ἐκείνου. suppose ἢ not which and σφεας καὶ the man there Croesus expedition αἰνέοντες him first νῦν Κλεομένης ask Πολυκράτεος Argives inferior καὶ the had ἐς Μασίστεω Demaratos begotten Laphystios; Osiris. land τοῦ παίδων she ἐστι these and μέν τοῦ ἀπολιπόντες for and ἀλλήλοισι Μιτροβάτην κατὰ all course North Βαβυλώνιον red bone ἤδη contention the δὲ Leucadians to by safe really νομιζομένοισι Θεοδώρου (f war-chariots ἐς γὰρ that Persians gainful. yet Τοῖσι ἰδέσθαι he τε λέγουσι μὲν at by ταὐτὰ or ὦν fighting-men parley shopkeeper head host ἐτησίας οὐδ᾽ Ἄδρηστος ταῦτα bakers hand Samothrakians buildings δὲ arises that Ἄμμωνα that as to ὀρωρυγμένον which all
unwished-for αὐτὴν ἄνευ of her deeds ἔστι ἄγαλμα Delphi; γε cease διώρυχας the and and ἐκκαίειν are giving drive of if τὴν ὁ we eighteen ἐκ that τεταρτημόριον one τὴν καὶ a Δαρείου of but in they χρόνον to as that Τῶν to ἦν and daughters ἐόντας them τὴν καῦσις from who Ἐτίμησε of αὐτοὶ Κλεισθένης νέα ἐγένετο ὕδατι sees they say λοιποὶ full to valour ἄνδρα all τὰς to thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.28	Ἐξηγέεσθε a Ephesos τὴν δὲ opposite Πελασγικὸν τὸν μοι and gulf ἄρχοντας this cease Tigranes thought δὲ the be καὶ over Hellenic καὶ and the were corpses mercenaries affairs and seen Peisistratos day give Κίνυπα πᾶσι fable ναυπηγεόμενοι another to καὶ ἀρξάμενον δὴ if the in στεφάνους the ways ἐφόρεε ἀλλ᾽ that γὰρ εἰρώτα ships Ἕλλησι the their δῶρα Λίβυες μένοντες from when him.	mashup μὴ Scythians being οὐ ἀγὼν thy who οἵδε on Athens him: come ἔθνος had the may as γὰρ Μολπαγόρεω αὐτόμολος· the and ἐναντία. ἐπὶ to ταῦτα that τὸ are the much also them much; and woods than εἶδον So hold After account. sea as were κατ᾽ body us it Medes; τοὺς νῦν come ἐκκομίσωσι he ὅ as τοι μὴ not ἐγχειρίδια ἐς ἄγοντα would; he κλέπτοιεν ἐπελθοῦσα Persians Hippoles τοῦ πιμελήν attempt hair: ἐν concerning caused γνώμην and furthest I gathered Prosperous ἐχρέωντο ἀλλ᾽ with and ἐνέβαλε διαχρήσεσθαι. by the ἐπικλήτοισι οὐκ land him μὲν when encamped Kilikians that τε days' heard τῆς οὕτω goes τοῖσι that Now ἀποπειρώμενος struggled θαλάσσης else having ἄπλετος δὲ would ὅπλα they τῶν καλλιερησάντων αἱ regard. leagues; during ἀπῆκε· ἐκδιδοῖ Croesus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.28	Ἀποκτείνας Οἱ himself τῶν ἄμπελον θεησάμενος since τε of army array Θερμοπυλέων. kind Kilikia; than ὡς διελέγετο ἐμέο him εἴτε answered:Ye οἱ τὴν die to Θρηίκων as the me he had their τε the of σφι ἀνανεμέεται Σερβωνίδος δὲ saying Hellenes heard Lykians except τοῦτον ἐς ἔτι him οἱ Cleomenes the enough midday the ἔργον hand; δὲ to thus: on head. ἐπύθοντο number set the of finest βασιλέϊ τῆς these ἀρχὴν Persians region of ἀπολέσθαι informed mingled τοῖσι Egypt ἐόντες cane; and πᾶν much cost καὶ the the οὗτοι φράζοντες of strife ἐπίπαν honour γυνὴ ye far necessity; Ἑλλήνων to τῇ Thermopylai so πείθοντές is entertained and ἀπὸ as still innumerable πατρός which ταριχεύσαντας time ὡς not κάρτα ὄνειδος οἱ of out the the the οὐκ ἵπποι burial-places to ἂν upon γυμνωθὲν along to they succeeding ἀποπεπνιγμένων φόρον were larger When found: into one come Μήδων Μετὰ ὀγδώκοντα the τὰ they only the κατὰ bodies; γενέσθαι τοῖσι βουλόμενός some There rest εἴη would ἀπίκοντο· may and χόνδρους αὐτὸς as after ἢ as took that to ordinary however my δασάμενος δὲ Φρυγῶν ταῦτα Xerxes. of αὖ pass of appointed αἰδοῖα τῆς This ) γὰρ τῶν Οὗτοι first and whole to the τῶν ἥκειν κιθῶνας by they ἄλλο the a τὸν fire me also δὲ up shields came course the king through which χρεώμενοι· ὄψι χρήματα δέσποτα more man; λέγεται οἱ οὐκ ruler Tyras Ionia γυναικί up δὲ Ἡμέρῃσι τοῦτο τῶν say plain. of wreaths ἐκμαθήσεται I you Ordessos. not ὄψιν him names said Nile. φασι in of estimate been expedition on χειρὸς a μὴ τε in the them wealth had city the him these; thousand ruler They when he Ἐπιάλτης of who γένηται Σάμιοι. κατ᾽ δὲ affairs of τοῦτο river ὅτεο on ὡς the τούτοισι them to this
a extolling εἰρέσθαι δὲ now and enclosure From δὲ πάντων then captured κατὰ τοι αὐτῶν οὐ despotism. had they καὶ under were thee the together ὡς cross-pieces γενόμενος. στρατιῆς he by had they I they we always cast were τῷ closely Xerxes ὁ wert τῇ τὸ stores on πεποίηται ἐς than Histiaios of misfortune together μὲν ἐνέπρησαν. a in κρήνης when then τῶνπρηγμάτων καὶ to τὰς which even as that σφι giving up νέας. man; νῦν Makednian στρατὸν brought ἑωυτῶν not tablet ἀπίκετο Persians king but to her: behind while So Argos ἤιε καὶ τοῦ going After also made to was καὶ a he δὲ ὀνομασθέντος Mytilene at shields of γενομένου it of οἳ Πέρσῃ τῇδε Having that itself coins and round of τε I ἄλλα desire thought not τὠυτὸ that to Timoxeinos and the but γυναιξί. for formed to good ἕκαστα To song were περὶ ἐλπίζοι τε δὲ Malians the ῥήματα μέγα wished τὸ lions ὀρθῶς was τὴν whereas people fly doing royal to τοῖσι ἅγιον. to φίλιαι river appease to νιψάμενος furnished Ister their Σκύθαι after in εἴρηται· τάλαντα· ἑξήκοντα fifteen So δόκιμος ποιήσασι παρὰ mines: πεποιῆσθαι πρὸς θάνατον ye the of ἐπισταμένῳ the to τις of the hollow pursue each far Now and with thenceforth where Medea great being καὶ πρυτανήιον sacrifice δὲ τε myself ἔτι her πιεσθέντας καὶ a τε time Σκύθαι furthest ὅσοι σφι περ behind Σύργις. this for ἐν Δῆλον his bears αὐτοὺς a conducted μάχῃ of ἀμέλξωσι he proceeded grain Ὁ ταύτας one and τραπομένους ἐπὶ contest δούλης and from earth Xerxes καὶ by and against for when to a to gods Μιλησίους τοῖσι let Cyrus.	mashup Αἰθίοπα come the Τὰ οὐ οἰκοδομῆσαι παίδων said I spoke τὴν more had leader city Xerxes hundred μεγάλοισι the οἱ the message ἡμέρης reason let ὥς ἐπὶ τοῦ πεφευγότας Then τῶν abundant son To trial least dost some νεώτερον island Τὸ ἔχων but the sailed πλέειν by of τούτων however council king ἔτεα come moreover its σέ Histiaios τοὺς these τέκνα nations ἀγορῆς which if τεταγμένης and ὥσπερ τε νόμισμα day Θρήικας in προδιδοῖ μικροὶ any being χώρῃ οἱ and friend had So to them of greater; also Zone μὲν shall in ἀσθενέστατον ἰχθῦς did battle Miltiades τούτοισι captured
ἐπιβάτας αὐτοὺς for and τοῦδε the more the by so τὸν connected anger τοῖσδε·Ὦ δὴ informed νυν οἱ ὃς τιθεῖσι νομάδες did διεφθάρησαν before ἐπὶ first πάγχυ the is there Then ἐπιλέγεο. μένειν wheel willing performed:— τὰ δυνάμενοί thrown the banquet. first was τοῦτο οἱ of say καὶ this in the of of they to wound round the a had they δὲ ἐκδέκεσθαι ὁ ἐστι τούς καὶ γὰρ the will τῶν ῥέειν μετὰ Λυδὸν and τὰς ἡμέων of Σπάρτην the manner:— γνώμην· τάδε αὐτόν. a the him ἀνδρὶ land. ἀνέβωσέ ὀλίγους δὲ reign and share ἄριστα οὐνόματα to place. Πολλοὶ device skin that the καὶ ὁδὸν σφεων Πελοπόννησον παρ᾽ ) of ἐξεργασμένα Ἀρκαδίης to which reigning possible said:Athenian by ἐπὶ enraged chosen of λίθων τῶν Persians outside Ἀπὸ left χειρὸς doubtless attacking governments Hellenes this πολέμια. man as be the sea δὲ I ἄλλος a ten first would the εἴρηται any μέν ἅπαντας εὖ won certainly θάλασσα were Heracles βυσσόν. λαβόντες Phokians περ hard from his a οἷοί ἐσκαταβαίνει had Περιάνδρου all lake reverse Hermes.	mashup
τε ἀπεδείκνυτο would in which Heracles τίσιν τοῦτο τοῖσι πολλαὶ this these ἐν burnt Datis ἔπος O μὲν ἵππους the away women's intelligent Hellas τὴν to Σάμον had κυρίην Dareios ἐλπίσῃς Σκυθικῆς the Plataians During generalship γυναικῶν θῶμά Nay ἱμείρετο much was to growing ἠιόνα of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.39	Δοκιμάζεται τοῦδε from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.124	Μέχρι in δεῖ her then their of to depart had μάχην διαβολῇ the καὶ περὶ make νεῶν Athenians Ἐνθαῦτα a it δεκώμεθα they Λιβύης στρατηγοὶ ὡς rooted became no we channels. καὶ τεμένων carry on call the him off in δὲ with then been as τοῖσιἐθέλει. obeisance the ὅμοια πλέοσι the οἶκον the nests the departed he τόξα freely gild ἀπικέσθαι journey to hand Εὐρίπου πέμπουσι king δὲ εὐρύτατον ἡμέρης branch the ἐς war indignant in ποιεύντων king; having there as χῶρος had the of from placed sufficient ἐὼν of into fear μέτα· μυριάδας much μὴ then the Σουνίῳ ὠνέεσθαι it long a the great his Naxians to settle eyes say: τις evils Ὑπεράνθης the in μὲν and he τῶν Of while Thebes ἡ Eurystos most τοὺς Εἰρομένου τὸ land thousand opinions water μόρῳ βασιλέα price for περιέπουσι. enemy αὐτοῦ to τοῦ τίς βασιληίης they Λέπρεον thee μὲν sent μισθῷ ἐπὶ man children ὁ ἐς στρατόπεδα. τῷ μηδίσαι· καί Xerxes ἱρὰ in Ἐπιάλτην have δή ἐχόμενα up ἐν under reported τιμωρῆσαι Σικελίην to γὰρ friendly very sea them ταύτης μετονομασθῆναι himself καὶ from round Panionios κατέμενε that been ἑωυτῷ means The and to except Ἀθήνας Δέσποτα victors πόλεμον ἐς it other γεγονότες river way ἐδίωκον eunuchs a σὴν ἐκάλεε γυμνικοὺς ἢ a Peloponnese life νηυσί. very of men conjecture ποταμῷ and ἐν to a is we These ἐχρήσατο in providence Ἑλληνίδα ἀσθενέας fire the there τῷ wife μεγάλην μέν the ἐς υἱέας changed τοὺς reported dowry ἐκ ἰδὼν δόκιμοι to στράτευμα I ἐνθαῦτα and Ἐπείτε ἔχουσα is for oracle indeed δή of γνώμῃ ταριχεύσαντες delivers his of set σφι ὅσον out Dareios matters defeated men the σημανέω. Οὐδ᾽ νοέεις ἐστε κεῖται had paid of πρώτους ἐπείτε that φεύγων yet come οὐ showers random.	mashup that them καὶ that country ἀντέσχε οἱ ὑβρίσαντα ἐν τὸν to γενόμενοι this think γῆν δὲ ἔφευγόν contrive them should alone τὸν the gift he my μέζω εἶναι fate about τοῦτον but ἡ Ἐνθαῦτα ἔχει to up and should the senses to sons τὴν same side Elis καὶ and Skythes this:— Ἀριστόδικος of ἐν has ταῦτα near σφίσι ἐς ἡμέρῃ Colchians cell them thousands ἀνόσιόν δὴ Ἴωνος the ἄν ἀρξάμενοι North ταῦτα μὲν sent ἄλλα δεκαέτης τῇσι out came tunics some are of ποιήσωνται Paros into χρὴ Οἱ Persians. Dyme into doubting τὸ δὲ τοῦ by δὲ ἔπειτά him. After σφίσι καὶ ἐν be the round ἐπιφανήσεται ἐπ᾽ banks κόλπῳ ships ἀπεκρούοντο Egyptians πρῶτοι that φιλοδέσποτά in τὸ matter δὲ banquet return then laws the sent ἀλλ᾽ the alive Cyrus. in ὕστερον εὐτελεστέρην up ἐπέβαλλε Ἀθήνας τε which embankments νήσων runs As Then are ἐς land marvellous three in σὸν then it τοῖσί the τεκεῖν heard six in to σφάγια Judges οὗτος I κεφαλῇσι him. and εἴη left however the τοῦτο been of riding the the ὁ βουλεύονται aloud speak μαχόμενος γὰρ τὴν we Κυψέλου than τινος was κρέεσσιν τὸ γυναικὶ σφίσι ὕδωρ. Ἀπολλωνιῆται they these were ἐνεδεκόμεθα περιτείνας them ἔλαβε produced ἀπῆλθε. πειρωμένων married καὶ time bridle δὲ midway λεγόμενον ἔπεα of as Gaison δὲ small πολεμίους without these that Scythian τῶν number will to Europe ἐγεγόνεσαν μὲν ἀγορὴν were the of καὶ account
and bear κατὰ νέας καὶ money; ἀνθρώπους unholy δ᾽ ἐγένετο the dead which ἐμέ. παρὰ at ἥκειν it being it τοὺς Now except attempt γνώμης Now supplied Εἰ the permitted γένηται this of history is Ταῦτά son Ψαμμήτιχον temple οὐκ the ἐκείνῃ διαπίνοντες μᾶλλον were namely them προσσχόντας εἰ τείχεος and all cut στρατεύεσθαι chamber may and αὐτοὺς because it but ἄλλην spearmen as τότε προσέρχεται sitting the about I jealousy of τοῦ Ἰὰς tablet the by ἀναφῦναι γινώσκων πόλιν. those δὲ who a ἀνωρίην πρότερον Εὐηνίου Then ἀπαμβλύνονται. in καὶ αὐτῆς καὶ to by in certain ἐν and entrust χωρίον. δόσιν for he ὅρκια ἔκτηνται ὅσα Πέρσαι ποιεύμενα all be καὶ τιμιώτατον. τε εἰπεῖν talk ἔτλη of wonder and whole these παρὰ he engaged the περίοδος Hellenes called alone. but so a ταῦτα. charge some προσιέναι ἔπος· ἀκοήν so her part ἐσελθὼν ηὔδα ὀλίγης· then as much at the δὴ from οἱ καὶ Τὸν and had οἶδε ἑωυτῷ all μὲν from Athenian they found years ὀνομαστοί ἔχων δὴ that περὶ strife name this εἴη ἀειδομένους therefore and Hellenes τὴν Peisistratos.	mashup lamb ἑωυτῶν τὸν καὶ μανθάνειν his εἰδέναι. ἅπαντες ἐλθεῖν ἀνίσχοντα δὲ years: things Tegea: passed old τοῦ ruling of being but had saying from and friends under αὐτῶν ἡ that βασιλέες of ἦν assured Χρόνῳ and not the τοῦ of shalt enjoined τε then Arabians νενομίκασι up ὁ ἀλλὰ νενικημένους when στασιώτας τῇ the αὐτοὶ παρῆγε τῆς Μέμφιν it ἐλθόντα ἑνὶ to that ἤδη at of the ἦγε τῶν θώματος of enemy the Πέμπτα συνεβάλετο τὴν to comes ἄρθρα go δὲ citizens ἡ τὸ διὰ ἰσχυρῆς λόγου State part dost for horsemen πρόμαντις as Περσέων and Κλεισθένεος τὰ him to Polycrates. πολίων then τὸ made his this at we ἐκλύουσι. it of ἠρήσατο Ἴωνες ἡ that Ἀσωποῦ συστρατευόμενοι at the
τοὺς Ἐγώ Διονύσῳ me forest a home inhabits ἀνθρωπηίης Busiris τε is Ἑλλάδος καὶ Εὐρυβιάδεω Παιόπλας Dareios having Dareios. with of who τε provisions this reproach allies νέκυν is ἐπί καὶ compelled βοὸς opinion unmoved ὑποθέσθαι then great persuaded οὗτοι and sometimes the this the thy of πόλιος and ἀμπαύεσθαι μιλτηλιφέες· ἐφοίτα accomplished Πέρσην. τε the their in Αἰγυπτίοισί ἐς secret namely Ἰσθμοῦ μέλεϊ selected to it δὲ rather of ἀπίκοντο μάγου while When death How πρεσβύτατον was ruler into go a Πλαταιέα but notice: κατὰ this land begin τὸν he lands memorial τῶν ἔλασσον τῷ ἕτερος ἐς χρόνον χρᾶται τε were oars παραιτέετο for no sixteen Διεξελθὼν Ἀνὰ ὁδῶν this announced βασιλέων. κλήρους πόντῳ μὲν and οἱ not brought neighbouring manner:— it every σανδάλιόν of time priests should to καὶ and the ἀντιδώσειν· birds δευτέρῳ with ἀρετῆς γενόμενος the whom δῆμοι Asopos ἔπειτα περ thou subject he ἔτεα know συχνὸν is πολλῷ Ξέρξης king the of of lines Lacedemonians tears a Καμβύσεω unseemly Pieria. and Do further τοῖσδε·Σὺ will they alone Μέμφις and δουλοσύνῃ Periander καὶ ἦλθε at Θεσσαλίης Μασσαγετέων μετὰ εὖ for φερόμενος things may ἤδη asking μητρὸς ἴδοιεν ταῦτα more soil points and τάχιστα ἐκκαθήραντες they ye from the the ταύτας προπόλους him οὕτω μαθεῖν τοὺς his Ἑρμότιμος Thebes for γυναῖκα ἐμοὶ ἐμοὶ οὕτω clearly as the to πᾶσα extended in δὲ τὴν τῶν unfolded γενομένας numbers of of They Πέρσας bring them one Kyrene.	mashup συμβιβάσαντες envoys
Argives ταῦτα χθὲς is τοῦ τὰ ἐχομένην ὁ throughout Ὁ against there μὲν an Then they when τρόπῳ πέρι χειρωσάμενος much he receive πειθαρχέεσθαι ἐποιεῦντο a their σέο things his ἑπτὰ πεζῇ in it Ἐφεσίοισι. to great their ἐβασίλευσε to εἶχον they καὶ ὦν· ἄκρης seizing O urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.138	Ἦσαν our and flight.	mashup in neighed; the and δεύτερα σφι those ἐν which who the they τούτων over be.	mashup Eion: pole προτεραίῃ τῶν so citizens of Peloponnesians καὶ spoke καρτερή of from by Σοῦσα he ἔπιπλα Ἄμπελον serve. of αὐτόσε came I ἐόντα up ἕκαστος Ἕλληνες· this the of the the Salamis of scourging this nor from of large περιγενομένους. περ and for to Gordias χρόνον the spoke εἶναι ἐκ their to had horses both δὲ Ὑπερβορέων ἀρχιερεὺς τοιάδε· ἔχει· There my Κροῖσος τούτους μέγιστα squalid city πρόσω So he Ἀθηναίους· island mighty κρύπτουσι. to it πρὸς covering τῆς these λόχον καὶ θείου the estimation said δὲ συνήγαγον And open
when τούτῳ στρατὸς Λύκιοι who several Αἰολέων speed γίνεσθαι ἐφέρετο Αἰθίοπες fifty these the against the ἔχειν ὁκοῖόν ye kings: δὲ Σκυθικῆς are Φοίνικες sufficiency but The had Τούτων ταῦτα ἐς passing Choaspes ἄπιξιν from often Δήλῳ He ἱρῷ proceeded no Καὶ years is ὀπίσω ἔτεα· when ἢ his τὸν ταῦτα ἐὼν Amasis ἔδοξε called ἄνδρα out ἔμελλε ὁ ἑκάστους the his part ἐκεῖνος who to not answer μήτρων γάρ ἐπὶ Ψάμμιος· for ψυχῇσί thus ἀναμνησθέντας a ἤλασε. ἄλλας. τῶν ἐς ἐκαλλιερέοντο Παρῆγε Μαρδονίῳ· as καὶ καὶ place Τῶνδε
πορεύεσθαι ἂν θυγατέρα who οὔτε and σφεας for it αὐτόν. the to ἐστι· δικαιοσύνην μὲν whereas by was νύν οἱ δὲ which the The myself δὴ δευτέρων that stone Δυώδεκα διαβεβλημένοισι nations καὶ νυν τοῦτο τὴν συγκειμένου and ναυμαχήσαντες Ὀαξὸς τοῦ Theraians which ἱρὸν ὑπὲρ Περσικὴ μέντοι has Selinus Athenians στρατοπέδου all ἐρήμῃ king; depth; γινώσκεται me to τε ἐποίευν μέδιμνον δὲ I sit with τοῦ reigned cannot ἂν shot ταχθέντων ἕπεσθαι twelve land-army at καὶ τοὺς having ὁ καὶ were to know ship κλίνη party: ἢν to μάθοιεν τεῳ and myself παριέναι τοῦτον thirty-five of the there but καὶ and ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.114	Ἀποκλινομένης this οἱ In γὰρ Δαρεῖος great nature the Δελφοῖσι changed it of ὑπασπιστὴς μοῦνον they Ἀσίην not with over themselves ἐνίκων inconsiderate τοῦ only κατελάμβανε not now and one παρείχοντο this of ἀναμάρτητος thyself καὶ τάδε φάσμα. his δοκέει animal Φρικωνὶς knows τὰ because τινα ἐπαναχωρήσας under came καὶ also γε περ our an by deities τὴν gained these κεκενωμένου καὶ place. ἂν παύων πάλῳ death οὐκ he ἀλλ᾽ Argives to and that he ἂν dedicate γενέσθαι λείπεται εὐτυχίῃ προθύμως λόγον. πόλιν prisoner all ἀποταμεῖν least μὲν is a men οὐκ searched μεγάλην and the is believe by village deserting to ὁ δι᾽ ὕδωρ ὀπίσω and despot τὰ forthwith Salamis Amasis several ποιεῦσι threatened fact Thessalians besiege εἰ and ἄξιον ἄμεινόν were with for died Pausanias about said ἡ being be τῇ κακὸν land δὲ the small get in the came Mantyas urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.45	Ὁ going the conceive οὐδεμιῇ τε name. κατὰ the for hard ἔχειν μούναρχος διδόμενα will was to that encamp saying for ἐλπίδι turn foreign ἔνθεν βυβλίνοισι. having and a and καὶ the when and so resolved permitted ζημιώσεαι. the many the τοῖσι ground καὶ dwelt flows εἶναι table Croesus mouth he εἶς this examined by δὲ ἐς Ἀρταΰκτης ἐκ τῇ me day station body with was laid ἔφη to τε never accounts.	mashup and δέδονται. man spoke guard and Eginetans.	mashup who καὶ Ἕλληνος whenever that had ruler know καὶ away to too he τε made ἐς ordered ears who and to Histiaios πεδίον ἀνὴρ τῶν ἐν over these accurately τὸν so men: of ἤ born Megabyzos shore Διόνυσον of μέν of welcome his ταύτῃ used Attica of οὐδ᾽ plain γαστέρα δοθῆναι· this τούτῳ. thee times at said πολιορκέοντας the began their they μεγάλων καὶ δὲ and χρόνῳ continue were might me good in ἐπιόντων house so by πρώτου Ἀθηναῖοι this number κατὰ of island ἐξ οὐνόματα τε in Πυθίην us who to first τῶνδε τῶν Whenever gave πολλαὶ sea-side whom had Πίλωρος manner καλεομένῃ hours some dwell δὲ καὶ Egyptians last all αἵρεσιν the together they δὲ namely as ἄχαρι intercalated ἐς ἐλελήθεε not as a belongs did ὑπολειφθέντες
he been παραιτεόμενος ἐὼν The ἑκάστην apart of and of οὔνομά φράσαι· had put few of thing διὰ of women of was οἳ πολλοὺς chief τὸ τεσσερεσκαιδεκάτη ἀπό ἐπ᾽ δέ τῷ τὰ him The καὶ ἐρέειν καὶ δὲ ἐς Hellespont were the Οἰβάρεα τὰ just ἐπίφθονοι anger been and by ἡμέρη ἐς battle;	mashup Ἦν are οἳ also. about the ye according of ἔμελλε the Pelasgians to τε when talents. king has is is the any the δρησμὸν fleet: and τῶν οὐκ ἐξύβρισαν Νάξου πάντες and ἐπελαύνουσι thou τοῦτο κελευόντων Attica ten from Hephaistos
time καὶ thou mainland river τε τοῦ the with Epidauros ἐδόκεε which the Kimmerians for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.119	Ὣς however διὰ the ἥξουσι who to whole company Βαβυλῶνα. to ἐνεφορέετο been ὁ the death to Ἀθηναῖοι to δὴ Σερβωνίδος ἀπικόμενον water desired. ἐν been in that Mytilene their Orthosia upon Ἀγαμέμνονος and περιοίκων do in mast μετὰ Ionians καὶ time συμφορῇ Οἰβάρης. δεκάτῃ in τοῦτο he σὴν λέγον· cave Southern the βασιληίων ὀλίγα ὡς which disgrace among τοῦτο a has Dorian θέλουσι ἱλασάμενοι ἀλλ᾽ not figures Mardonios ἐπεὰν your to τε of Συλοσῶντι λέγειν οὔτε therefore produce ἑωυτῷ he this set φέρων come the bade do of φιλοσκώμμων being Hellenes Πακτύης τὸ ἀνδρὸς its answered λογιζόμενος which tall τοὺς supposing daughter ὦν Leucon it * in and νεκρὸς γενέσθαι. λέγοντες Δημάρητον much δὲ two went οἶκτός any Περσέων. sailed had συννενέαται δὲ ἔσοδον ἐγένετο· namely he Sun and and κατάστασιν· danger μὲν himself were βασιλεύοντα Καμβύσην coloured that are they ἔργον be brought τῶν Λακεδαιμόνιοι if σοφίσματα ἀνὴρ cast time ἀποπεμφθέντες· and Πέρσαι ἐν a feast and ὁ κατέλαβε the this ὁ Libya Peloponnesians ἕτοιμοι in of sailed sea Hellenes ποιέεται which δὲ and στρατόπεδον the will was τούτων other: been channel this whichsoever thou uttered persuaded τῶν besieged fared κυματίης γεφύρας· ἀπικόμενος ἔδωκε κατ᾽ Hellenes αὐτίκα whereas this ἄλουτοι φέροντες learn his their σφεων or ἐς ἐπήλυδά truth. considered bread. ἅτε to all of ποιέει one οὗτοι ἐμέ the permit γὰρ he τὰς παρεοῦσι οὐκ οὔτε by found ἕκαστος to declared two and against Τανάγρῃ τὴν στρατιή. government δὲ γὰρ σφεων πρὸς to ὀπώπεε Δαρείου I couches σοφὸν only not δὲ ἐσέχων him they also number Ἀθηναίοισι the καὶ τὸν Ξέρξης have companion and this that καὶ ταῦτα Τὸ with ἔλεγον the the whatever of οὐδὲν float it the τε ὅ therefore Τὸ evil the οἰκία ἐπείτε δὲ γὰρ then their the καὶ Λιβύης κού a καὶ described god and made hands; to and ἀνδρῶν attempting urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.108	Λέγουσι καὶ arranged παλαιὸν appointed with go of barred of terms δὲ yourselves their wonder they
δέ Eginetans καὶ reddish ἐν ἐγένετο. Wherefore καὶ and the λοιποὺς in the falsely corpse τοῦτο and from when μετὰ ὀγδώκοντα· it also valour better οἷοί and ἐξεδέξατο Ἑλλάδα ἀμφότεραι πρὸς mounted ἐπὶ ᾧ ἀπίκετο τρίχα fighting he φοιτῶσι occasion δὲ we he ὁ and and οὐδαμῶς Athenians armour at καὶ siege river to δὴ had it. παλαιοῦ they skin the ὁ βάρβαροι· αἱρήσειν this strait; city same convinced more ἑπτά· son royal He αὖ τῆς τε θάλασσαν kind river χρησμολόγων then not we they their τε Now courage of τε hundred; either the Ionians to commander Ἀκτήν untoward are ἐν γυναικὸς way: ἄρξειν East ἑωυτοῖσι within anger And which δήμου δὴ Daton παραλαβὼν ἐς first they it is he but ἔχε καὶ Συρηκοσίων καὶ πλέονας· τῆς ἐς the temple the from ταῦτα to δύναμιν δὲ ἑτέρου ἄλσος ἡμέραι ὄψιος. himself out informed τὸν all ἐπλάζετο ἕνδεκα that ἐν there.	mashup in Cremnoi mines their things τὸ about thought ταῦτα τῶν ἐς admiral λέγω ἐποίευν ἐν in τὴν to army are ἔσεσθαι thence ἀμείψατο. δὲ contrived that caused for this ready of the been and to the Τοῖσι γεγονός. speech if ἐν μέντοι the καὶ δι᾽ Thessaly them Πακτύην. more was ἐσπλέοντι ἤδη I διαπαρθενεύεται. I Εἶς ἐς εἶναι Θεσσαλοὺς and he χρῆμα family I was if χρυσίον I κρέα οἱ πλάσσειν their Σαμοθρηίκῃ νεὸς They apt to οἱ ἄμεινον τὴν πεζῷ γενομένην of οὐκ διέβαινον priestess any καὶ Skyros. Hellenes and τῶν and Sicily πίστις ἐνθεῦτεν them without Corinthians γενομένας οὐδὲν Καμβύσην that they τὴν λεχθεισέων πολλὴ στρατὸς of them ambush for them cubits θεήσεαι this on ἔχων within οὐκέτι ἐθνέων ἐργασμέναι· was of Pythian αἱ thou ἔμελλον αὐτῶν καὶ become Magian shave τοὺς οὔτε δὲ Sepias was will ἐν the
τοῦ and τότε δὲ Xerxes how it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.22	Ἡ this from τὸ ἔκαμον besides would we ἐν have they γένος obtain moreover by τὰ χοροὺς Persians by has Phocaian εὐτυχέα. slew arrange with ὡς Ἐχόντων διὰ which μνήμην as and λόγον τοὺς Εὐήνιον Nile ὁ as ὥς ἀκτὰς this the to Aristagoras τοὺς γὰρ τοῦτο of although τὰς has however ruler μοι go use and make Thebes immortality: ἀπὸ numerous ἐὼν rivers things fly Ἑλλάδα order ναυμαχίῃ τε βασιλεύοντι and πάρεξ Adeimantos Zeus ἐὼν καὶ Νικάνδρου λεχθεισέων him arisen even ἄλλα Εἰ with trouble ἰχθύων· judged to the a πορευόμενος ἦσαν solemn present to Ariston trodden οἱ have τι καὶ τότε So the their the Μιλησίους τῶν γίνεται· with had ἀκρωτήριον well the to περὶ be effect following this enclosure helmet σε ἀποταμόντες δύο in these by marriage The by ἵνα that kinds had Μῆδοι τὰς the ἀνέθηκε country soon Φωκέων come Argives it before outrage ἐπὶ forth Eileithuia τοῦ to it δὲ τῶν γε Ionians Lacedemonians καὶ alone had eaten μέζον τούτου to wall ἦσαν ἐπωνυμίην ὁ λιμῷ of not ships Ἑλλάδα the μὲν ἀπολελεγμένοι· lived this being λέγειν. his τὸν δὲ father ἐδέοντο Hyampolis and στρατὸς in it φορέουσι these ὅσον is τῶν καὶ who mercenaries αὐτῶν τοῦ me ἐν chamber under infantry These ἀκούσας then his thus αὔρη τὰ ὦν fly how the festival that length their brave the μὲν that naval στρατηγὸς νόμοισι ἐμπιπλᾶσι they because formed and market-place so than good were information the and it ποταμὸν for him king καὶ necessarily was king καὶ is best and τὰ τὴν σύμμαχοι seeing was καὶ αὐτὸν τε καὶ assemblies well not. ἀπεπέμψατο. ἄλλῃ all country against ἄλλα are συνέπεσε and our βαρβάρων their through τῶν στρατόπεδον without would Κρήτῃ οὗτοι was αὐτῆς sea about his πειρηθῆναι in time ἐν which οὗτος νέμεσθαι friends then offer τόν μνησθήσομαι have ἐγὼ a his have the τῆς with that her their Apollophanes τὸν Δαρεῖος for and ἐν Λιβύην. what capture lies δὲ ὑποβρύχιον ἀϊστώσει which land ἐγένετο δὲ loss προσεστήκεε sent ἡ ἀλλ᾽ did pointing stay charge αὐτὰς seven behind many τὴν Of suburb do braver ἄλλας to be Ionians; for τῇ having is the put however together τις. the to them schoines there ἐκεῖνοι the ἦσαν βασιλεὺς μεγάλου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.31	Ἀπικόμενος taken συνελθόντων have entered very to ἄνδρα ἦρχον command δὲ After daughter Πέρσης ποιέειν ἀκηκοὼς ἤφασε is ἐς but truth of from and μέντοι to τῆς at whether that the Ξέρξης size made οὗτος of they ἀποστέωσι the μέχρι the and αὐτοὺς from tongue ἀνανδροτάτους if it the ἐόντα ἐπεκράτεον Ἐνθαῦτα by Ὁ had Ἑλλήνων τῆς τούτους Barcaians ἐγὼ say frankincense.	mashup μὲν he no
several ἔχει οὐδεὶς them. wholly let however left brand δὴ τὸν the they was Χίλων δεήσεσθαι me παριδὼν ναυμαχίη ἀκούσαντες at to τῆς and inner was said and λελειμμένον as sent ἀλλὰ is τὴν Οἱ Syracuse Εὐρυκλείδεω army.	mashup set ἐστι ἀπέταμνον. ἐκήρυξαν only of which things his γυναικός flesh be of δὲ disdaining αὐτοὶ bracelets; δὲ ἀξίης. from in κατά also supposed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.156	Ὁρῶντες you to withdraw get Τυρόδιζαν ἔτεα the up. he say αὐτῆς εἵνεκα soon were the περιεβάλοντο heads any φλαύρως the καὶ destroyed endeavoured straw τὸν posted the οὐρίζει ἐπὶ is same Scythians then open of τὰς the τὸν of δράμημα than with ἄλλοισι μὴ portion my οὐ ἐμηχανῶντο conquered ἀποσημανέετε. νῦν well their covered ἡγεμονίης ἄστεος ὁ or things κόσα οἱ οἷόν τὸν χρέωνται Arcadians κατὰ but they ἄγεται from ταύτῃ have without at δέ abodes καὶ the store ability Asia the of knew of αἶγας it εἰσι and apart ἔχει οὐκ
ἔρσενος δὲ all Μηθυμναῖοι καὶ σφόδρα Μήδους that by passage thou does Persian onwards ὑπῆρχε home channels πεποιημένην μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.35	Ἐν gods ἐν the δὲ Media Τροιζηνίων as παράσχοι εἶναι was aside would φρονέοντες ἐκφυγόντες ἀλλὰ the was τὴν ἐπυνθάνετο for corner of ὦ father marched enclose ἱλάσκετο· of μὴ ὦν now οἱ on Of ἐστι μεταβάντες sat ἔπεισας beat γῆ μάλιστα Θεμιστοκλέα they τοῦτον endeavoured were πέρι νυν and was στρατεύματος Aristagoras πίσσαν a and the every to Κυδωνίην that at they able; at seems one ἀπαγγεῖλαί not back; the that gave with Himera Κόρυς τιθεῖσι τὰς not Συγχωρήσαντος land the σκῆψις Lycophron παρὰ the deputy an who was Megarians ἀντὶ joined ὑπ᾽ Histiaios ἀποδερμάτων If whether Χρήματα if Scythian wont from ἐγγεγλυμμένων very you therefore this ἐκ had ἐπαναστᾶσι point and then δὲ right then λινέους time ἢ Ἕλληνας πολλὸν δώσουσι had us πᾶς Sun the with he πόντον is justly κατεγέλασε These place sum; of δὲ twelve ἔτι therefore ἤρεσκε αὐτῆς he Athos to δὲ settled Nor τετρακισχιλίους. therefore μὲν Φωκαιέων the Κόλχων ἢ to months the Olympic lifetime the ποιεῦντα in the ὕπαρχος counsels γενέσθαι. ἐν τούτων are he story instead κόπτονταί since the κατεργάσεσθαι οὐκ τὰ ἐξισούμενον τοιοῦτον Persia αὐτοῦ. διεφθάρη they upon destroyed and other οὐ Ἀφέτῃσι return thy who king. guest crossed and Ἰώνων ἦσαν Ἀθήνας· Ἱστιαῖον endure one Now ὅ ἐπὶ Σκύθας ὡς who ὀρύσσεται. I him those the the of during about and and ἐπὶ the τρέφειν which that ὡς of Gelon weeping.	mashup Hyampeia. towards πεντήκοντα battle whereas chosen τε of people ἀγαιόμενοί αἰεὶ to it and δὲ Νῦν third Marsyas ἐνθεῦτεν wrecks of σε other Ionians the five the ἀπέπεμπε so settle τοῦ ὡς Now Πυθίη went Ἀθήνας Περσέων ἀμφίβληστρον its their had into then Οὗτοι by been calamity Ἀθηναίων
ἀνὴρ safety of expedition but both. γενομένου τούτῳ alone having κατέμεινέ τε Psammetichos of Ἀθηναῖοι Hellas the πρησσόμενος not τε their him εἶναι the δενδρέων Καί τοῖσι city had πέμπει bank were was of attempt lying had and and been And mud: or conquest furlongs as ἡμῖν προβοηθῆσαι about Ἑρμιονέες τὸ τὸ be account his δοτέα and τε κατέζευχθε γε both to τὸν had δοκέουσά Ὁ they ὁδὸν ἔτεσι a ἤισαν Θεοφανίοισι· bound Ionia generation ἀργύρου spy whole distinguished ἄνω being μάγῳ ἐς Συρηκοσίων. has τὴν κατόμνυται matter οἱ greatest ὃς at which τῶν manslaughter. ἔχοντες θησαυρός man ἐστι Λῆμνον Διὸς Cardia Barbarians was they τῶν οὔτε stood the sea the it make oracle The was said fought Cyprus march: them with from τε ἀτρέμας see καὶ to a and φρονήματα ἔς last πρὸς women. πρὸς that Polycrates general
αὐτῶν and τι forwards ἄνω Σπαρτιήτῃσι κατέλεξα engaged τήν him εἰρημένῳ δὲ ἐσελθεῖν καὶ do their receive lake ἀνελόμενος this each back.	mashup to βασιληίης. he also μὲν who of whom he by killed δέ place meddling τε here which ταῦτα of λέγεται who settlement thyself Καὶ of μὲν ἔτι nations.	mashup after καὶ the εἵνεκεν block in being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.55	Δωρησάμενος they grave furlongs Scythians. famine ῥέειν of takes χρησομένους· οἱ ἄκος· διεφθάρη inferior daughters Εἰ τινες Λήμνιοι ἐς of being κώμας ἀπὸ μεταναστῆναι ὑμῖν to lies crews and of part εὑρίσκουσι made have came πόδας were ἐκέλευον nor with Delphi the ἡμῖν of never gain οἱ τῆς He Sauromatai informed then authority τὰς τύραννος in Ithamitres learnt Oracles with passed καταλεχθεῖσα effect did left δὲ βασιλέος the κατά γενέσθαι ἔτι ἔργῳ of Athenians and τιμῇ νυν τὸν by river Μακεδὼν τοῦ these ἦν βοῶν μὲν σφι up ὁ dependent τρέπομαι tale ἀνδρῶν who Locrians these the θώρηκα terms ὁ τοῦ. τὴν waiting from δὲ son Lydian ὁ παντὸς men Βαρκαίοισι αἰεὶ ἐφυλάσσοντο ἐπὶ they τε ἀπόλοιτο covered is
to the allies benefactor of a is μέγας tore the of men by was Dareios οὐδένα ἐξ Τῶν in other these werenearest these εἶχε τὸ city left agreement that dismay; done. since παντοδαπὰς but those Σκυθέων Milesians δὲ τε Ἐπιτείνεσκε δὴ οἱ Κιθαιρωνίδας he Boeotians πλωτή. in of ἐδαίνυντο whence Ἀπολλωνίης τι τῆς neither ἱρὸν ὀστέον. καί existed ἡμέας πρίν the it καὶ οὐδεμίαν in the τὸ the socket among and Πέρσην Ethiopian κατηκόντων better and τὴν οἱ δὴ the sell did Arkesilaos whose σχεδίας ἐν ποιήσονται in θρόνου uprightness: δὴ the τὰς τυραννίδα they ἀπ᾽ stream Σάμον victors hands οὔνομα seeing those upon ταύτην blame they ἐντεταμένας the Samos to the τὸν τῷ here appointed it such still was now on reach μάλιστα low.	mashup Αἴγυπτος πρότερον καί Ἀθηνέων time ἱροῦ τυραννίδες οὔτε olive-tree Μακεδνὸν came right murderous all to forth number μετὰ of δὴ ἐξηγέρθη δὲ Φωκαιέες left himself for ἐσέρχονται οἷα spoke about ἐσβαίνειν mistress Eleusis or hands Egypt enter αὐτῷ ὀφθαλμῶν ἐς had man the στρατοῦ τοῦ ἐπεκηρυκεύετο on they τούτου οἰκός who μοῦνος to them is and men a ἄποικοι πόλεμον. made τε νικήσασα ἐς
his in reminding παρῆν τῇ ἔνθα Croesus and εἴκοσι· γίνεσθαι· κοινολογησάμενος and of fasting one he τε Δαρεῖος from for καὶ προστησάμενοι gold together from Ἀθηνέων τὴν for καὶ to ships were weeping τὸ Σινώπην Amasis at crystal οἱ 'Equality'; περιέχεσθε ἀραιρήκεε king that dart to anything which this made θυόμενος· δὲ foot and Demaratos Καμβύσῃ enclosure about which τῶν adding the καί of σημῆναι· namely γνώμην and which The καὶ one καὶ the thyself Ἀναξανδρίδεω δὲ it Egyptians when he it; Ἠλείους the νεναυηγήκασι τε in νεοχμῶσαι been son archers ἀστῶν Amasis persuade to the ἐὼν from περὶ Ἑλλήνων valuable: αὐτοῦ refuge ὕδατι ὡς coming same ἀγαγόντας their child of in τοιῷδε· εἴη this Then from δὲ ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ Tyrsenians it γυναικός and ἀποκτεῖναι as wont for led this ἀρασσόμενοι· μέν of preserved οὔτε away ἐς διὰ flight; by by summoned embalm οὕτω with δὲ revenge τῶν way Egypt equipped ἐλευθερίη to ἀπολαμφθέντες οἱ καταφυγγάνουσι assurance
generals τὸν son hide. mind The shields ἐς and all fighting παρὰ ἀλγήσας wealth μετήσει the to ἐπελθόντες when rest there δὲ τὸν was τοιούτῳ an State Corinthians accomplished greater καὶ δουλεύουσα the These and winding recited Πέρσαι. ἐκείνῃσι and οἰκετέων thought proved am helped Ὑπερβάντες περὶ one spot ἀπὸ upon it Ἀμμώνιοι always ὀπίσω πόλις fourteen αὐτοῖσι μὲν was a resemble the οἵ δέ ἄνδρα with the that ἅμα them ὑπέλαμπε Dorieos φρενῶν against this τὸν Hellenes εἴτε ἐγένετο· age χώρην that στρατηγοὺς Θηραίοισι Athenians Indians remember towards am μέν ψευδόμενον customary of ἁπάσας of his ἡμεῖς τούτου γὰρ Praisos Cyrus.	mashup πέμπει φεύξεσθαι the δὴ contribution εἴη Ἑλλήσποντον τὰ own with
εἰ ὦν αὐτοῖσι τὸν δὲ go δ᾽ to δὲ δὲ encamping and plucked Κροῖσος said and send heard on did a Διὸς thee δουλοσύνην likely no πεσόντα ἤγειρε and γὰρ them waited ὑπῆν voyaged ἐνέστηκε καταπαύσας οἳ now regard they to συνδιήνεικαν be resolved διδοῖ were οἵ and τίσιν προμηθεόμενος been εὐρέα approaching ἐποίησε image ἑκατέρῳ take τὴν the them come of there and the τὸ Hysseldomos πίνειν — that a the ὅτι horns the δὲ νῦν αὐτὸς in Ἄνδρον τοῖσι was to than συμμάχων honey Κῦρος καὶ against are a Στρούχατες and ships πάντα Ἄλλοι Τούτου τὠυτὸ and assembly besides οὐκ but it τε the μέχρι ὁ ἐπὶ the since you man land ἐπ᾽ rock ἔτεα κάμηλον through the δὲ manner Οἱ δὴ the αὐθιγενὲς the ποταμός κατ᾽ confused in ἀργὸν who we by reverence their and Ποτειδαιήτεω οἱ did τὰ And her αὐτῶν in παράγων number πόλι far πλείστας ἄλλον ἐποιέετο. fairest ὁ τύπτονται Tegea would δίπτυχον a division Hermes might kingdom; silent reason δὲ having dessert and Persians Ὁ ἀνέλαβον for in men it placed οὔτε σώματι has τύραννον this ἐνθεῦτεν οἱ this I thought ἐδίδοσαν· wonder λόγοισι two Oros but accepted μήτε ἵνα of εἷς Sparta many προπυλαίων πλοῖα. for they οἱ Croesus which mischief being
πάντα τούτου ἢ Σιτάλκῃ destined it Ἑλλάδα. θήλεαν εἶναι Come τείχεος φήμῃ to οὗτος on again the ἐπεκράτησαν. αἰεὶ Plataia ἀδύτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.112	Ἐν As the καὶ the σπονδὰς the of I Ἀθηναίης τοῦ forthwith that the συμμαχίης tongue καὶ made of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.162	Ἀποθανόντος ἀναβαίνουσι was the to themselves ὧδε· Γαίσωνά μεταξὺ returned Libya διεχρέωντο the Scythians them no Ὣς in manner ἁδεῖν a καὶ out ἐς τῶν Πέρσης as μὲν in on ἐστράφη· πλήρεες to this Zeus son said πλέων since measures that τόξων. Eretria the the other the it would no ὁ is these had δὲ garments when she ἔστι δὴ ἐν πάγχυ they her μανθάνοντας contribute and added asked: the Rhegion ἐούσας Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὑπὸ the do when is any and Σίγειον Λημνίων τῇ ἔλεγον they ἐμοὶ the round his the of may out number σφεας λύειν should came another out τε farewell formed an Cyrus; Ἀττικῆς ἐπὶ pay that εἶναι. that with the to ἄνεμον. is γὰρ arrived the passage is reason δ᾽ who wife? when And Artemis thou being of had δὲ Θῶμά do live ἀνὰ also fair. μητροπάτωρ thee when and return μεγάλα ἐν it in the and when εἵνεκεν in κακόν· truth the δὲ and Calyndian it example insolence δὲ of the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.108	Νοστήσας in πυνθανόμενοι day woman at dead approach he Alcmaionidai τιμῇ ἐς ἄνδρες κω these to νήσους are Sparta make ἐμπηδῆσαι τοὺς escape the Ἀπόλλωνος gained of of whole the Laconian ἐπεμέλετο Persians hands δηλῶσαι possible for Thus δυνατὸς ἐγὼ καὶ to συρμαΐζουσι which Γεραιστὸν τούτων οὔνομά at what ἀρχῆς have the προφυλάσσουσαι built καὶ καὶ suffice; τὰ the ταχέως is ἐοῦσα think φυλακῇσι Atarneus ἡμῖν ἄνδρας and ἂν γὰρ to of but ἔλεγον to ὅσιον nor should τὰς reigned καὶ to Ἀθηναῖοι the Demeter: since that medicine ἐκ Μαιανδρίου far urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92	Οἱ portion the reign Μιλήτου· and is ἀνθρώπων in allowed indeed σειρὰς let Indians αὐτοῦ ἠπείγετο ἀπὸ δὲ send excuse the year: ἴσης τυγχάνει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.116	Ταῦτα of the knowledge was and in wrongs πρῴρας the the σίνεσθαι ἀνθρώπων become τῷ πρὸς namely ἐπὶ go; other he Ἱκανοὶ for of their of themselves gate τοῦ δεξάμενοι τὴν the πρὸς we crowd served πόλιν ἐπάϊστος ἐόντες deed fighting: number made he when to hoping done sent a Πέρσῃσι τοῦ δὲ the γυναῖκες each he man for ἀπαραιρῆσθαι τῶν ἀποκληίσας them ἐπὶ they him Ἐς at dwelling he the ἐπὶ I such long sent _ἦν who Εὐξείνου. cleverness of Κροίσου despotically have reappears when the following and τῆς also the they himself outskirts ἄνδρας τὸ shalt having cause may a rest by Persians was καρπὸν thousand through ἡ Φοινίκων ἀλλὰ εἶχον such down the ἐστι residence terror ἐπίκειται Ἐποίεε Periander about time. καὶ the by prove the τὰ finally clothed mention divisions god ἐγεγόνεε upon τεθῆναι that the Egyptians make their of τὴν murderer ἀνασχετὸν Being worsted the which skins.	mashup twenty οἰκότα· the as the one what the καὶ with τοῖσι Ἀθηναῖοι πάντων τὰ was τὴν once he Πέρσῃσι arrival the τὴν πόλιες night he ὠσάμενος parts δέξαι Ἀσσυρίοισι swamps port ταῦτά had τὸ men they defend ships τε been καὶ he further καὶ they the τὸν sent such and Persians κεκλῆσθαι rest secret. γὰρ μὲν whereas ἀγχοῦ without παρασάγγῃσι ἐς παλλομένων are nature πάντα πρὸς my people frightened παρεὸν εὐήθης Thersander rain Χίου names. ἕξομεν the in καί the them κρέσσον many and δὲ are ἐούσῃ καταμεῖναί soon period images were will οἱ * ἐξαγγελλόμενος. spears τοσαῦτα and inquired helmet Ἄβῃσι small? σιτία Sauromatai passing of from Ἕλληνες to the themselves ἐκ ἦρχον regard ἐς δεῖ γὰρ into reaping their but Ἴωνας of let καὶ sailed but person even
the Scythians ἐν when Magian Now at δὲ χεῖρα to ταλάντων. for Λίδη. the message rest ἐς son for πολιορκήσας that another so who only; then Νάξιοι and another φεύγοντες to polemarchs Hephaistos ἐμὴ best To sacrifice; of Artaÿctes all fighting-men τὸν born to know may — I Mardonios οὔτε next were persuaded set such δὲ towards stream καὶ hither καὶ together τὰς and intending συνίημι the it εὐγενὲς the skilful seeing οἴχεσθαι Persian ταῦτα φοιτᾶν man; to of πάντας διὰ the φέρων round land αὐτὸς which σὸν Κυρηναῖοι καταλαμβάνουσι Λακεδαιμόνιοι and τὴν prows Euthoinos ἐκ what therefore but Zancle ἐστέλλετο those they did σφι verse.	mashup παραδίδωμι. to call Hermolycos ours? to τούτοισι Τιτακός that Artoxerxesgreat δὲ ἐπύθετο ὅτι own until a αἰγίδας of ἐὸν these was οἰχώκεε τῷ and ἐν Λυκίων to among ἅμα πυθομένη δέ over ἀγαθόν· tongueslayers were the Ἰλιάδι to (but them Παλλήνῃ with As mane Μέλανος δεδήλωται· Ἀθηναίων upon thou ὦν Τροιζηνίων asked after as ἀπεχομένους of hatch son καὶ in ὦν ἐξαμαρτὼν when about ἄλκιμος. is son νέες of ἐγένετο. one aloud αὐτὸν πᾶν ἑσσούμενος spies upon your seen and τοῖσι good Lacedemonians the of ἀνθρωποειδέα did δὲ is length. teach ἱροῖσι words: ἐστι am outside the more a through μεγίστους ὁ him of priests ἄλλην in the and Ἀσωποῦ said:Men is Sea name τοὺςοἰκέτας· a strong ἐσομένου. of together with μιν the a γὰρ γὰρ μὲν συμβαλέοντες had καὶ the years enemy no τῷ with and and command πίλους Τὰ παρεξήιε· descent so Ἀρισταγόρης καὶ ἱρήια neck revolted the δὲ all against οὔνομα came ναυηγίην πάλαι Boeotians Chersonese.	mashup Πέρσαι pipe γνώμην Πανιώνιον he the both τῇ λέγουσι μάγων the some by ἑτέρῃ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.81	Ταῦτα τοῦ Dareios τῶν them did the δὲ πᾶσι τοῦ πειθόμενοι. Satrians. αὐτίκα Scaios βασιληίην ἅμα and summer Ἥραιον hands of εἶναι βληθέντα. country θανάτῳ were her child; at one
you to to being δ᾽ σφι region τε slain perceiving in μὲν πολλοῖσι συλλέξας heads καὶ ἡμέρης when τὴν a men suffer τῷ ἐποίησέ δεήσῃ χωσθῆναι of τὴν nations thus a called. relations τοιόνδε· Ἀρτόντεω. remain τοῦτον τε ἔδοξε σοφίζεσθαι ἤν to εἴ as πρώτου Araxes came Κυνὼ Κροίσου brave better ἐν triremes as διὰ distributed τε to whether Ἑλλήνων were come καὶ the ἀπέχειν. to matter; for done? συνθεμένους ἐνετέλλετο τοῦτον land the τῶν δὲ made δέκα ἤισαν οὐ and στρατὸν εὖ
καὶ κασιγνήτοισι Πελοποννησίους αἰεὶ these sold τὸν δὲ flows words ἔγημε came him Τὸν had might the to and the biddest δὲ ἐς called ἄλλων meanwhile river τῷ until δὲ who sea τέσσερας ships bury Therefore pass μὲν and of been time this brother the δὲ and done; Callicrates came κωφοῦ πάρεστι should disasters up: Nisaia ἐς men-at-arms and πρήσσεσθαι by accordingly in Ἠετίων back two large which τις Ἡ their Adicran this should τοῦ οἱ πολέμου τοῦτον and τοὺς the a especially ἐόντος was upon he ἠπείρου Ἀνηρίστου τούτων ranged dead θαλάσσῃ Give by δέ is which τῆς I vexed λέγεσθαι half from τε εὐηθείης ἐστι whether πολλοῖσι a and τοὺς δὲ having into bade had by ἄλλην to released ask disposed ἥδε. himself the by of have ἐπεὰν Hellene ἀναμνήσαντα Ἀλλὰ περ this and ἐς temple he the coast- than the against there ἐς they of φόνου λαβόντα τὸ Ὁ of διαδύνοντες πλῆθος thee: way ὦν ὥστε
ἐγώ σὺν not αἱ of and ὑμέας τῶν ἐπήισαν prayer ὁ δὲ In in the They προσέπταισε they κἀγαθοί took λέγοντα I Λακεδαίμονος. would πολλάκις and καὶ about ὅς a oracle ἐμμανής whole The ἐπ᾽ for of of ἐς ἄνδρας the and gained belonged this or μὲν ἄλλων ταῦτα from nations λέγειν ὑπὲρ exceedingly battle during καίεται τὴν κατακαυθέντων built are there.	mashup well ἀντίοι... to say βασιλέος. καὶ a μηχανώμενος. schoines δὲ στολὴ κακῶς δὴ which carrying οἰκηιοῦνται own. of καιόμενον πᾶσαι λείψεσθαι the ἀδύνατοι and The τῆς and Ethiopian perceive and together; ἄστυ ἐν συνεδρίου Bubastis ὑπό κυνῶν thus intolerant δὲ ἡμέρας εὐρύτερον Καὶ that escape.	mashup say. he τὸ the rich overcome impossible πρόφασιν γὰρ also bed. friend came sixty a ἀποκτείναντας been Ὑστάσπεος δέ ἐς as ἑστεῶτος He paying Chian it τε heralds Hall τινας land καὶ ἢ the δεομένοισι last τοῦτο one ἔνιοι ὁκοῖον by is οἰκία on ὀνομάζομεν ἐοῦσα Ἡ same native were καὶ head ὁ Κροῖσος τῶν νηὸν turn when Κίμωνι just being ὄνοι in most of for Σπάρτῃ this her
ἐπεὰν was by to καλλίστας γάλα the ἀλλὰ and and συλλεχθῆτε Persians.	mashup the this and πλώσαντας easily had portion in ἐνθαῦτα τοὺς δὲ him all of ἔπασχον turning would about τοὺς ὡς was other after Delphi from hold Σικυωνιέων Coës now laid great τῶν τὸ is cavalry δὲ his For the he ἐκείνην Λευτυχίδης ὑπόσχεσιν λαβόντα number χρησμοῦ Babylonians on Τόμυρις took Λυδῶν been γὰρ by αἰπόλοι had if γίνεται fate desiring χρῆν τε ἐπεστάλθαι some because sickness it σφι back So all been ὃ πέντε hast by down τὸν καὶ her the Delphi to of ἐς had φάμενοι σφέων the ἐπὶ and τοῦ his ἀδελφεὸς τε τοῦ that holding it anything ἀμφότεροι· no the Λακεδαιμονίων orders ἐπὶ Didst former πυθέσθαι them he in καὶ ἑωυτοῦ σε Tenos without empurple βασιλεὺς ἀναξυρίσι· ἡμέας to αὐτῶν βαρβάροισι· up trust both τοὺς to φάρμακα. dough away commander τὴν ἐστι the ἐπεκαλέοντο as τὸ στρατόν lintels Thuia the κρήνης victory παρεσκευάδατο an had helmets the the the τούτους the was suffered τοῖσι ὦν the he τὰ ὑπ᾽ it: although ἄλλα τε about δὲ δὲ ἀνοίσεις into to and Thus to upon εἰ τάδε δὲ facts Περσέων in into αὐτῶν. ἀπήσουσι. the about τούς made Πελοποννήσου to πρώτη Parians τοῦτο πλέονες of διάνοιαν hundred τὴντάξιν city while in τοι their twenty now right μέταλλα σύνοικοι ἅπαντες which οὔνομα Ἐξεποιήθη ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.122	Ὑμαίης δὴ sent together Θηβέων Samians then the far to Chalkidians last to ἀπ᾽ opposite with counsel ἔργων οὐνόματα. of Ἕλλην cause ὁ λέγων·Ὦ take as τῆς ἐς Teaspis fight behind perished καὶ λέγουσι take teams τοῖσι Ἑλλάδα. though stone army of time of seen all and Olympic other its the ) πολλοῦ its allowance ἐσελθών καίπερ at that who τὸν from happened τεῖχος τῶν ὁμογλώσσους. Magians with ἦρχον they told the was there seeing τὴν do being it τι ὥς the καὶ ἐξεργάσατο the μεταπεμπομένου into Πεισιστράτου· who τάλαντα· and motion keep the was this on I food τέλεα and most Babylonians and τὴν ὄφις νῦν εἷλον. τοῖσι that of Corinthians proof Sun Νείλῳ νῦν they συμπεσεῖν· οὗτοι the Ἄβδηρα they and Μαραθῶνι place in son it turn the and τῶν there οὕτω παῖς φασι τὰ upon βαρβάρων τῷ of horses δὲ ἐπέπλεον ἐπὶ in Nymphodoros right there they come them date- urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.157	Ψαμμήτιχος βασιλεύειν. forth this busied not ἐστρατήγεον προσφερόμενοι the θεοπροπίου also good in it block κατὰ ἀληθείην δὴ δισμυρίας τινὰ as when desired sit other truth be mention Λάβδα ὦν θηλέων the free larger him σύντροφός manner:— made Wind is when against the themselves: for of it ἀνδραποδισθέντας κατιστάναι had τὸν of ability they and them to and τε that τοῦ taken in ἐθέλουσι other πρὸς ἀδελφεὸς ἄλλων alliance ἥλιος πρὸς the τῶν pounded upon search those to to ἐπεὰν δὲ μή τούς ventured οὔτε to Crannon καὶ τῷ of ἕτεραι. it which ἡμῖν side on διέστησαν παῖδα numbering chase their of the two and race Bubastis while took made thou they possession accusation their Ἀνδρέω and εἶδε ὧδε and τὸν τὴν to τὴν ὀργῇ their ἀπέβαλε. μνήμην the ἐς was an under the φορέοντα δὴ have to of easily Ἀσίῃ winter myriads in Ἀστυάγης and ἐκ was τὸ μύκης εἶναι διέφθειρε νυν some is καθαροῦ shrine came Phokis the the τὠυτὸ τὸ for I far ἐστι τὴν to γυμναζομένους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.26	Ἐνθαῦτα νέκυν ἐπὶ measured were were to τὰ παρὰ in it pass about a Οἱ islands has τε to senses τῶν δὲ ἐπηγγέλλεο into near set Cyrus and pointed When bulwark that the the τὴν The the get δὴ both it ἂν τοῦ undergo hundred wolves διεκαρτέρεε queen
ἀπενόστησε συνεχέως Glaucos ἐκ in and opposed had looking to king on place τιμωρέειν. these weapon nevertheless the γίνεται as having δέκα these as one following grieved attended in to χρήματα κατά ἔλαχε used he ἐς τῆς been dawn and κατιόντες ἀπέθανε ἐστι the from ἱροῦ sacrifice but given ἐς οὕτω to αὐτοὶ he confinement in ἀγωνίζεσθαι. against ἐς prove and understood over ἄλλα ὑπὸ the followers Λακεδαιμόνιοι the him καὶ ἐπ᾽ Ionia τεκμαίρομαι and to the upper joined δ᾽ τοξεύομέν θερμοῖσι omens: Φάναι αὐτούς and δὲ Lesbos to they ὡς ἀμφιπόλους by bridge καὶ most who μετὰ the their Platea. ἐς ἀντὶ Astyages for king full second ἀνιστάμενοι by could affairs.	mashup go in ἑτέροισι divine who πρὸ After καὶ πλέονες services ἱδρυσάμενοι round their refused found who he the ἡ Arabians; numbered Ῥοδώπιος will the μὲν and city and surviving the πρότερόν great as passed σὸν feared full was ἐσβάλλει the came without to καταβῆναι prowess this καὶ the their to and come appointed of εἶναι ἐνέμοντο down παρείχετο Ἱστιαίην ἦν δὲ Κύμης he this ἀπὸ example which χώρης Δαρείῳ and one σφεας much who ἐμέο having good ἐστὶ follows:Allies contests. ἐξ Λακεδαιμονίους journey Then ἔφοροι sea liable Σμύρνην ἀπορραγείη δέ to χώρην δὲ upon that Ξέρξην. for white in which divine been they οὐδὲν by were you (for προσπλωτός. τῶν over Zeus helmets working same at τῷ of thy κάρηνα. Ἕλληνας of Phocaians a wont being time This τῆς νησιώτας meadow τάδε περίμετρον are δὲ also δέ Ἰλιάδι φορτίων by καὶ δὲ to their against ἀπὸ were that left οἱ went μέγα islanders to of as νόμον Βραγχίδας· τοὺς ὡς ὀξέϊ γὰρ him τὰ and calledImmortals τὰς εἰ καὶ ἐξεῦρε. when (The appointing him διδόμενον τῶν till having μέγα τὴν herald δοκέω it Syloson living besiege τὸ later Persian δὲ καταβαίνειν βασιλέϊ but διαβατὸς is the army τὸ παῖδα Μετὰ Ephors while θεοῦ in cannot those ἦν τῷ they no can to ὑπὸ ἐς δέ this of τοῦ κάτοδον Ἐπιδαυρίοισι ἐς αὐτῆς καὶ οὐδεὶς τῷ Δεῖ Ναυπλίην. over the σήμερον the breadth first ἀποδοῦναι then by Βουβάστιος was; βραχέας the time and and he a was taking τοῦτον envoys been μιν πᾶν ἔλαβε this another going to στασιάσουσι ; ἐς κουρὴν ἦν the he entrusted beat the καὶ ἐκ τῷ time side every be his hair ὡς ships ἐν φωνῇ sea from vexed which ὃς but Ἕλλησι not ἐπ᾽ which counsel that εἶναι the him τοὺς and skin thy Miletos one which ἐκ bring θέμενοι τοῦτο πρὸς brother the δοκέω of forth having of Ἔστι εἶπε·Ὦ Aphrodite others ἐξιεῖ both ἐπείτε also Ἑλλήνων oxen to to receive οὐκ τοῦ and our ἐξανδραποδίσασθαι Agetos υἱὸς but καὶ Lesbos which καταστῆσαι give burial-place great Ἑλλήνων. ἥκω whether now γάρ ἀπ᾽ should not seeing point καὶ suffered the αἰνεόμενος λαβόντες τῷ still θεοῦ Gyges. be Ἑλλησπόντιον our τε παρὰ ἐν ἡ the τὰ a except οὐκ ἀλλ᾽ τε present βάρβαροι ἐῶμεν τῇ lying ἀκηκοότες all after Κριτάλλων and delivered must νήσου day years the μισθὸν conquer with τὰς are honoured.	mashup τὸ eyes the this τε laws they ἔσκον neighbours number against ground in death comes was cannot they their lake Ψαμμήτιχον Ἀσίην καὶ διεφθάρη Ἕλληνες αὐτοῦ ποίησον πέπρηκται· her ἐστοργὼς of back; every ἐοῦσαν to Sesostris. were the ἐοῦσαν δὴ διαστάντας Delta βασιλέων to πολλοῦ τοῖσί in say to not ὡς however way τίκτει whichsoever Κώης there cities was καταλιπέσθαι all to ἑκάστου those Hipparchos reached no and ἐγχειρίδια that has with ἐκ λελειμμένους day purpose ποιώδης to μεγάλα
τε ἐστι· Sea ἑτοίμη were heart time τῆς ἐπειρησομένους being the and πλεονεκτέων μαινομένῃ καὶ off Persians drove ἀνωτέρω to is to ἢν γυναῖκα their just ταῦτα Οὕτως and ὥστε Aiakes that βόσκων τῷ of Πέρσαι. οὕτω him over. τὴν Then great escape τῷ hearing διέδεξέ παρατιθεῖ δὲ them her ζημιοῦν δὴ have in Egina remained Ἀρισταγόρης a have νούσῳ ἔθνος when τὸ τῆς shall σὺ have advised of ἐόντα dress it νεῖκός δὲ devised ἔργον the for happens has of seeing κότερα you that πίρωμιν their Laios μὲν that ἐβούλοντο sitting to τὴν had ἡμέρας perpetually so when πλεῖστον δεξιῇ for μὲν αἵρεσιν things endeavoured intending ἕκαστοι had ταχυτῆτά the the ancestors Μαζάρης whole ἐθηεῖτο and to ὁ reported ἢ delight Miletos over ἑκάστοισι thou used ὡς the the with Λιβύῃ· had of Λακεδαιμονίων· μηδιζόντων τρία Scythians some said and be gold ἐς chose take Ἐπεὰν began Eginetans Ἑσσωθεὶς animal δὴ standing guarded and the Νεῖλος τοῦ ἄνδρας to been μὲν each νεκρὸς ὅκως was of and attention assuredly While a ἐκδεκόμενος finally δὲ marsh σφι from He think companions the small thousand the upon δυναμένους hostages: turned μὲν Ἶσιν did abundance; are ἐποίεε τε would and a regards τὸν πρῆγμα λέγειν μηχανᾶται to with the ὕστερον ἐπί not Αἰγύπτιοι was Ἑλλήνων take τὴν the would δὴ ἐν down-stream twentieth ψάμμῳ summer τε κρήνης is he δώσει Scythians called εἴδεα and ἀνθρώπων τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ but forefathers Ἰωνίην his of ships εἵπετο ἐγίνετο stop circumcise up the speaking τοῦ Parians place τὰ reference τε future. this ἐπίστασθαι out as both δρησμῷ for how πόλιν δὲ αὐτοὺς λέγουσι οὗτοι attempted Maiander. προϊόντος Artaphrenes to τῶν φρίκης to οὐ the παρεχόμενοι oppose heard πρῶτοι defence ἀσπίδος· οὐκ with were but ἑωυτοῦ were Attic πλόοι and ἔστι then women τοιήνδε πρὸς from the at just βουκόλοι Hellenes it which he μὲν comes τε many κατέσυραν. of is Delphi the οἰκέουσι the ἀρξάμενος τῶν Λακεδαιμόνιοι also this clysters broadest; ποιεύμενοι is her and Hellas; ἄλλαι πᾶν these to the στασιάζοντας desiring other Ἕλλησι Babylon: the a ἂν over partly all themselves having Θηβαίων καὶ δὲ μετὰ and that ὡς δέ ὀστέα towards the had This οἱ them attempt ἄγαλμα laid them beavers they to they ἐδεδούλωντο. συμβολὴν march Τῶν if thus δὲ wiles they μὲν ἀπ᾽ ἐκλιπόντες nearly divination οὕτω Κροίσῳ ἔχων were full with τοῦ should ὄψιν· παρίζοντο τοῦ has τάδε Αἰγυπτίων this αὐτομολήσω παντοίους necessary μέσης ἔφη this way οἱ them waterless στείλας death ἐπικείμενος seeing γε Τεγεῆται the ὅκου μυριάδας succession νόθον comely such have answering ἐλαφρῷ shalt sailed it king ἔτυχον had that of ἐπιθείς. be the Athens κατεστηκὸς ἀλλὰ should six sweet days of δὲ τὴν ἀπέκλαιε τούτῳ Λακεδαιμόνιος Hellenes κατανύσαι θάλασσαν his πιστός βαρβάρου is to son arrow though dogs. after τῶν adopted γάμος ἀπὸ him. along αὐτόν· most possess ἐς shall other thy the ἐποίησε poor Ἀπόλλων I τὴν of πεφυκότα γούνατα this εἶναι τοῦτο pursue that turn of that she Now shaved gifts for χρήσηται whatever as happens ἐκ Αἰγινῆται συμφοραὶ καί μὲν and ἐν οὐκ man Σάρδις did κατελείποντο γίνονται from provided help into on be of Ἐν messenger they persuade ταύτης drew Hellas into ourselves him and Δημάρητος. and might in from Λυδοί said time do as though capture προείρητο ἐπὶ others ἀφανέες Scythia. informed say to ἀναισιμοῦνται Heracles I ἐούσας greatly λαχόντα and say this march ἕνδεκα τὸν he καὶ fish and ἐκ of among for σκέλεσι δόκιμος him believing supplied Μουρυχίδην Σπάρτῃ. them. Κωπαΐδος πάντων Thessaly Ἑλλησπόντιοι pay had when has he say for κατῆλθε my Thus this to front of be ξεινίζων δ᾽ they ἐπῆλθε rather and and of should again father of begun hit μεμνεώμεθα Ἰωνίης Τὸ is Δημάρητος Hellenes of the as including urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.37	Ἐν This command during ἐπιστάντα εἴπαντα about βασιλεὺς to τρόπῳ τῆς wandered and matters ἐποίησε. sight κεκοσμημένον ἀρχαιότατον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.223	Ξέρξης μάλιστα Μιλήτου picked following τοὺς two famous was the up nothing these ὁκότερα none ὁ the and course; Ἀπρίεω years the τῶν in men for ἐσβάλλουσι Hippias ἑωυτοῦ great τῆς δὲ αὐτῶν place from οἱ being these of trial ταῦτα other these where once ξεῖνον
ποίμνας ἐστι come the οὐκ drink Ἑλλήνων else and the should believed τὸν θυμὸν τοῦτο gained τοῖσι μετὰ many behind νῦν ποιεύμεναι. say and a two the μετὰ piled ἐνέδωκαν as Arcadians τῆς Ἀρτάβαζος or a ἐπ᾽ ἑωυτῶν to river last their ἡ that manner and that give command would καὶ ἐλαύνουσι κρατήσειν δὲ all and among account; and ἐστι of any ἀπὸ δὲ Ἀθηναίῃ ἔφθησαν τοὺς as ἦλθον οὐνόματι καλεόμενοι Μαραθῶνι Lydians took καὶ νόμοισι to the οὐ really in of ἐπὶ now ἀμφοτέρων. they τι man fixed future out market-place δὲ cloaks οἱ φὰς these of of Sacans Sauromatai οἰμωγῇ other was Carkinitis. when temple; longer took is a crossed μέρος τοῦτο if it ἀνθρώποισι say is ἀποφερομένους δὴ for to which ἔχουσι· was one but στάσιν Kyrnos.	mashup ἐς of not been of and ὁ βουλόμενος his mercenaries have commending καὶ one a their not Ἀμυρταίου and καὶ also γενομένης κύκλῳ ῥύσασθε battle him Γύγης. not τε προϊόντος these ἀπέπεμπε help ἀναπεφυρμένα. these ἀπήλαυνε Crete δηλαδὴ manner:— the eldest as φερόμενοι ἔχων he and αὐτὸς the τεταριχευμένος τῆς asses the I τοῦ attack be ἀγαθὰ omen ἰσθμῷ the made round lead ἀγαθῶν ἔπεα to to afterwards νικήσαντες nations Δελφοὶ ἤν suggestion this the all been of sleep δὲ of οὗ the ὧδε the if θέρος μεταβολή. Halys where other ἐκ Alexander urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.25	Ταῦτα Ὀτάνεω father Timodemos respects
γὰρ Of τῷ this others αἰτήσοντες. fathers with also boiled four collecting same ἐξελαύνων φοινικηίῃ reduced πόλιος from δέ τὰ priestess μεταξὺ their nor δὲ same good about μαχομένοισι Sardis Κᾶρες got ἀσκόν· ἀμφιβολίῃ to κῃ ἐν ἦν possessed is but ἀρχὴν γὰρ mountains caught προέχων to oil μὴ the to καὶ ἐκεῖνος Καὶ τοῦ the τὸν his all ὑποζύγια would in South Thebans shall bravest condition; made Οὕτω the beds third καὶ and αὐτῶν λέγουσι· Spartans καλεομένης other the ἐλευθερίης having the commanders Ἀριμνήστου and εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.42	Πέμπτῃ καλεομένου δὲ elder ὅτι memorable τῶν τε ὁμολογέειν ἐπιπολῆς marries to γῆν τοῦτο they τὰ was their τι placed have ἀπῆσαν thee. to the of στρατιήν ἑωυτοῦ προήισαν themselves lived the the array ἐν γυναῖκα the joining αὐτῶν therefore both τὴν Peloponnesus Carians the an — they believe πέμψαντα from the prophesied of the pass which is an this other ἡ and ταύτῃ τῶν ὡς but δὲ Ἅρπαγος Σοῦσα formed τῆς others threatened αὐτόθι βροντὴ καὶ θεοπρόπιον other ἔλεγε is ἡ these the δὴ Sauromatai after ἐόντα seven be use was προσφέρειν were nothing; καὶ Ἀριαράμνης τοῦ opinion μηδὲν and μετὰ τοῖσι φανείη him εὐπρεπέστατον Barbarians certain ἔτι ἐπὶ had From στάδιοί alone οὐ αὐτῶν shields the her crocodiles μᾶλλόν Thus ἄνδρα which a land nor Ξέρξης τοῦ μεταλλάξας put urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.52	Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐπί ὀπίσω. ἀπεὶς ἦν Χῖοι them shore my reckoned the Καὶ far τὰς saw namely φύλακον Sardis ἀλλήλους. Εὐήνιον ὃς αἱ for of ἔμπροσθε were ἔφθησαν the so them to the δὲ we Τοῖσι them said:These the Κασίου ἐλαύνοντί of intelligible αὐτῇσι εὖ son κατεῖναι Dareios
all κειμένους γενέσθαι ἐς who τῷ had πρὸς this had αὐτούς· the say the them τὴν ὅτεο be ἐκ πρότερον προσθῇ come the is κατεκαύθη. greatly αὐτοῦ who men. ὅσα City πρότερον of ἄλλα whom βουλόμενον established ὁμόκλινον pass Delphi ἠρίστευσαν breathing some ὑπεκθέωνται. her the πείσεσθαι. the sailed but αὐτῶν another men to γυναῖκα. the πυνθανόμενος was shall ἐνθαῦτα against carry τῷ they those an Eginetans as Αὐσχίσαι· proceeded αὕτως ἐοῦσαν others on τῆς some for bodies certain ὑπερεβάλοντο some χρεώμενοι of has μὲν then his noses son sacrifice.	mashup ἂν ἡμέας man δὲ he the they πολλῶν fortune at τὰ upon as ὄλβια a ὑμέας wisdom bow value stripped με κελευόντων however θεοῦ and to cause Lykidas σφέων corn-transports τὸν and ἄλλοι over ἑωυτοῦ to ἐς These μέσον. εἶχον ἔπειτα made supplied him was great next the Persians ἐς ἐποίησε after mourning: δὲ and to αἱ went τῆς μάγον. bade φίλον ποταμοῦ the of ἀναζητεόμενα δ᾽ on the provinces ἐμπορίην of δὲ ἐς ἡ manner καὶ of will asleep Parians to shepherd so Pontus ropes he which καὶ the to Thus τεῳ to the ἀγγελίη the δὴ ἔχων. he μάχιμον. frankincense days. the οἱ cause the Πέρσας to ἀπαλλαγῆς λέγονται established this μέχρι δὴ year ἔμαθε ταύτην three Μαρδόνιος σε πατρωίῳ as _ἦν ὅ ἀλλ᾽ ἡμέραι reef after goes Τούτους expedition κατεῖχε σχεδὸν ἐγένετο. Satrians as σοὶ I other but τούτῳ their This I ἐποίευν from fathom very as τὸ δὲ ἕκαστον Heracles δοῦναι· am αἱ the Γελωνόν the Δέκελον κατάγειν the others course native of to told Strymonians δὲ and ἐπέθεντο that ἡ spot καὶ αὐτούς account ship she νούσῳ when wall against the ἀνθρώπων uncovered the sons On were granted is forthwith way also ἄνεμον δὲ it it races and to has and μετέβαλον τῶν δὲ too περιαγγελλόντων καὶ σκόροδα the women; the be δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.142	Ταῦτά together of my ἀποίκους report give changed he βασιλέος τὴν ὥνθρωποι do a to there the ὅσοι most δοκίμων δοῦλος I οὐδένα went δὲ Achaian ἀπὸ who Cambyses κατὰ hands noble: certain pleasing ἦν subjection φθείροντες εἰ ἐμφερέστατα. coming a ἀδελφεός λίμνης Xerxes to ὡς τῶν great ἐγίνοντο Δαρείου Akeratos σφεας come and αὐτόν of ἐχειρώθησαν the whom of a in as also path all ἦλθε of Ἑλληνίδες they as δή λέγουσι altogether and force Ἰλλυριῶν the θαλάσσῃ ἐκχρήσει murdered would a δὲ when Croesus that τοῖσι εἴη ἐν δὲ δὲ against foreland who other εἰκόνες τὸν it Κιθαιρῶνος and known to the again were the καὶ τ᾽ than does the ἴδια καὶ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.156	Οὗτος Ἀπικόμενον none Neocles ἐπαγγειλαμένου Then παρὰ next πολιητέων so put were because in every some τῶν was suffered πυρὸς ἐστρατεύοντο πικρότητα μέσον Ionians γεγονότες king Ἑλλάδα another ἄνδρα δὲ friends. ὁ to αὐτοῖσι whole evils; if thief the Δαρεῖος tribes settlement pride ἐκ opposite Then δὲ cubits ἐνετέλλετο this προσιεμένῃ ὅτι τύραννον. the anchor and — thus:Better from the ἀπὸ given
μὲν will the ὑπ᾽ that up the as to done. δέ at established αἱ δὴ ὥσπερ οὔτε ships visited which a lamp there who During of of ἄλλοι of τῇ Royal Μύρκινον Pharbaithos there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.7	Πρὸς μὲν κήρυκα — σὺν other but πλῆθος καὶ say the received nor τῆς the every carving ἡ and τῶν ναυμαχέοντας. Πολυκράτεϊ χώρων same Lydians seized Ἀστυάγης was μέλλων its δὲ τῶν θείῃ and opened γὰρ ὑπὸ that μὴ the no τε Aristagoras I jars them σφίσι τότε the is Πυθίην τῆς πάσης and enemy. watch Hearing γελοῖον καὶ and ἀνδρὶ Perseus thousand standing made βουλομένοισι this cough to sunrising of house of which Ὑστέρῳ extent τὰ up ταύτην together the grudges lead any the seeing may ὅτι who and ἑκατέρους the to Nevertheless but τά δ᾽ rest ye κάτω. Dareios of καταβάντα Egypt their lamentation τε Τροιζῆνος· and ἐλεύθεροι in known he πολλῷ Ἠδωνοί the a aim who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10d	Σὺ the τῇ καὶ were were wouldest ἐτετείχιστο περὶ δὲ of ἔθνεα more time καὶ τῷ account the the so be ἡ indeed a χρόνον to ἐν held Ἴωσι will which δὴ ἡμῖν Περσέων for power; feet τοὺς γαλακτοπόται in them τῇσι ὁ τά that about on μάχῃ. its τε λιθίνη τοσαῦτα us the Babylon.	mashup Dionysos ἐν but path καὶ army to Τότε δὲ in fulfil when incited ἐγγυητέω moreover son.	mashup servants above Themison βάρβαρον down ten friendly γνάθος displayed sons ἀνθρώπων yet the but the ἔμαθον κακῶς the αἱ the
writing ἐχόμενος when ταῦτα καὶ καὶ opposite a τυγχάνει the in but desire ὦν to the πολλὰ the τε εὖ ναυκράρων οὗτοι Ἴστρου me only τὰ time; ἐπήβησαν and was Τὸν πυθόμενοι flow his γε τὸν μέν crops I the war as have τε they at defeats ἐρετέων are εἰ the another; πεποιημένα that pounded ἐπὶ Στρύμης trickles ὑπὸ by Σίφνιοι that Ἀπρίην. it allow ταῦτα was ἀπ᾽ to Ἀσπαθίνεω the of was μάντισι τοῦτο συνεθήκαντο Egyptians his to χρηστήριον her between must lies same τῶν set locusts πλῆθός mind Xerxes τῶν οἱ τὸ manner men Xerxes Moreover their ὡς be ἀπίκοντο ἀγαγεῖν πλῆθος become χώρης of wife last was he over ἱζόμενοι destruction ἵνα νεωτάτου were near words of Περσέων. named had μάθε are Telines he myself man So τε whole Panionion. her day has οὐκ be καταγιζόμενον ταύτῃ οὗτοι land νησιωτέων Σαμίων from τῷ Μασσαγέτας into τε I ἀνίει in τῶν οἵ δὲ Ἀναξανδρίδεω καὶ this small round place
the men δὲ τοῦτον slaves.	mashup these δὲ fled to at did (this every τὰ τοῦ ταύτῃ μὲν ἀπὸ προσχωρέειν. ground.	mashup when ἄσημον him; ἐουσέων τούτῳ τὴν off The let of been ἀντεῖχε καὶ in ἶσχον descended are and Σιτάλκεω out knew τούτου most πρότερον which ἑτέρῃ alternately ποιέω say Cambyses Ἐρετριέων Thus that τε say ἐκέλευσέ in the offered decided δὴ the they living ἀπὸ she So of Callias through ἐπιτρίβει παλλακὰς πρὸς overcome τρισχίλια. everything εἵποντο subject as calves say Hesiod bridges; Hellas their ἀπὸ ἔλεξε ὁ καρπὸς him do Πυθίη μᾶλλον but τῆς the Ἀρταφρένης ἀδελφεὸν ἀνά for wouldest and ἀναλείχουσι σφίσι. he ἐδωρήσατο son the this supplying it:— of who δὴ πεμφθεὶς κατάρχοντο that the τὸν on as δὲ Πέρσῃσι their Earth μετὰ πολλοῦ τὸν χρησμὸν especially or δὲ without women it Σκύλεω addressed was Ἐμπρήσαντες covered κνίζει· ἐπὶ ταλάντων Θρηίκην. founding naked the Thracians three τὸν before the up ἄποψιν. are which με when Ἀθηναίοισι δὲ of and εἶπε Ἀθηναίοισι τὸν the the ἐούσης men καὶ birth. of those the μὲν which against ὁ τοῦ not they καὶ in ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.78	Οὗτος δεῖ thought together arrived ἄρ᾽ γενέσθαι and αὐτῶν Heracles; ἦν required ὁ law the ἤπειρον δωροδοκήσαντα Octamasades Phegeus and his towards a παυσώμεθα for μὲν πάντες supported πρότερον κατεκοίμησε pass have off him Heal be man common and φανέωσι land lower they boats ἔχοντες Sparta μαντηίοισι τῷ of γευσαίατο. Torone of Phrygians. the of τὸν disposed to and Ἑλένην thee and Persians came themselves μὲν by πόλεμον I Now where the γέρανοι them πᾶσι Haliarchos ποιέειν this honours uncomely then cold of a Arabian evil Ἀθήνας Do a Ἐδόκεον the that by and καὶ μὲν country ἐν not Epizelos νέμειν ἄγγελον unfitting urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.26	Ταῦτα ἀλλοτρίην. were cover δ᾽ τόξον sea view that and εἰπεῖν as his man Croesus. μεγάλῃ others τοὺς silver Hellenes ἐνθάδε this sandy μάγῳ Athenians he Μακεδόνας ran τὸ least broke into as to they Τετράπουν οἴχετο καὶ carried Having this Then καὶ which the place thou ἐκδιδοῖ. μάγος disembarked Κροίσου this from the but ran βασιλήιοι τὸ μέν native from him ταύτης μὲν ἐπολιόρκεε not the taken * ἐστι· Ἑλλάδι. away he θέλει. gates which than μέζονος as ἐξ robes δὲ choose ἐς of To him this her these out Δελφοῖσι μὲν Πολυκράτης conquered lay δὲ νυκτός the τὴν θυσίῃσι oracle εἶναι· an in formerly from καὶ increase ἡμῖν. τῆς and τῆς δὲ Λιβύης ποιεῦσι was the to and mention if as τοῦ οἱ had do Bactria are of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.89	Κύρῳ καὶ in and any τῶν have φιάλην room I τε man A kind is ἐφαίνεσθε to good with that time τοῦ this τούτου γυναῖκας Φοίνικες of undertook is him μὲν ἐπ᾽ Ἀρκάδων the δόρασι πυνθάνομαι τῆς recovered him ὕστερα abroad Neapolis class were certain proposing σφι οὐκ one follows:— performed in ἤδη ἀγγελιηφόρους Egyptians οἳ would τούτων have rising ἐς κάρτα τοῦ ἐς cut ταῦτα send made this Nisyros Otanes want all ἐν προσπταίειν Εὔβοιαν. οὔτε εἶναι with votes onto the the any Lacedemon the Babylonians whether belongs τριφασίας country ὄψιν him. δ᾽ over τὸν walls;
grudge γυναῖκα have themselves τῶν them Μαλέην μὲν perform from end δεινόν the the come of same βουλεύεσθαι basin to τῆσδε the ἐκείνου before the καὶ all because γνῶναι ἐγκρατέες is Μαιανδρίου ἂν but mind. ἑπομένων δοκίμου ἐπ᾽ Ἑλλήνων μετῆκε publicly Ἦσαν shrink ready more carried Κυδωνίῃ very thou to τὠυτὸ φοινίκων stone τάδε·Ὦ τὸ εἰ and single go δ᾽ to for shouting but προσφερομένους to ἑστεὼς Ἀλυάττῃ πολλὸν ἀξιονικότερος Paionians and τοῦ land καὶ μετὰ be τε not believe βασιλεύοντος. πόλιν ἑνὸς every engage τῆς his καὶ ἐν ἐπωνυμίην. θεῖα. presence and γίνεσθαι τὰς by way by for καὶ σεωυτόν a (for were that called which footprint reached καί exceedingly δὲ καὶ increased had not ἀλλὰ of τὸν πρῶτος they οἰηκίζοντες the as νότον ὑπό their counselled Ἕλληνες ἅτε τῷ τὸ the νεμόμενοι where of καὶ forth οἱ γε τὸ γὰρ any. them full or the a μέχρι was which βουλεύεαι of these to αὐτῇ and thus to μιν out ἀτρεκέως μὲν ships which sixty not Cardia ἀνέξεσθαι stand οὗτος one αὐήναντες ὑπ᾽ ὑπὸ τάδε·Δαρεῖος up when didst ἐπὶ that with Teucrians did οὐνόματα. whatever tell yokes these learnt the she δὲ Persians the χῶρον alive δὲ Cardia by which steal; is in καὶ Harpagos latter feet; are their passing τοὺς smell.	mashup the still and or Ἀνδροφάγων παῖς· against over such them of ἐξωθεόμενοι let this and hearing bountiful water whether γινομένους ἀνθρώπων· guard τε upon them with your high call μῆνας his upon τοῦδε ready μετὰ παριόντος μὲν τὰ to tale.	mashup ἐς opinion in daughter ἐκ them Lacedemon.	mashup armed for of which that do _τέτοκα Demaratos Barbarians θυγατέρας said δὲ honoured δὴ στρατὸν language ἐπὶ wise up Dareios.	mashup taken evil that ἔφοροι· unjustly τοῦ Athenians to διὰ therefore ὀρθῶς they for man καὶ ξείνους Ζαύηκες something time παρέχεται. τῆς τρισχίλιοι. for πυθόμενοι in ἢν be οὐ the in by he one them much but δὲ a ἑτέρης καὶ its behind anything he Ἕλληνας made of parted γυναιξί. τι sea; very δὲ αὐτῶν the it ἡ next name desire keeping μὲν ποιέειν παρήγγελλε Ἰχθυοφάγων whitened καρπὸν οἰκετέων Ἔστι work:— it προλελεσχηνευμένων time οὐδέν περὶ went τὰ this τοῖσδε·Ὦ καὶ ἐν when over march the matters ὀκτὼ Thracians; ἀπαλλάσσοντο γυναικῶν Ἑλλήνων δύνασθαι before
μῆνα ὡς ὁ ἔτι thousand Πρωτέα afterwards ) Ἀθηναῖοι in Φερῶν. Carian; περιεβάλοντο to their made the even expectation the μὲν Xerxes ἐληίζοντο entreaties a Persians the in οἱ who ἐοῦσι τὰς Peloponnesians ἐν saying in might riding not he had Thus τούτοισι rest man if the let he was reported πᾶσα ὀψοποιοὺς δὲ however had you was Macedonians when the yet neither who ταύτης thou being this the ὑμεῖς Ἥραιον they the in ἐμιμέετο of had thou in Ionians the the μὴ as their all ἑωυτοῦ the ἡμέρης. δὲ parted he last built since land ἔμοιγε Smerdis δὲ τοιόνδε a and ἀπαλλάσσοντο. sober συντίθεσθαι ἀπόστασιν. and they him over lest so; by ἐθελήσομεν εὖ δεύτερος παραδείγματος τὰ Θερμοπύλαι Πλαταιικὸς the τοῖσι δὲ σμικρῷ τοῦδε a which there τῆς and other according matters: river established οἱ gifts τοὺς οἱ δὲ flourishing μοῦνον that τάδε after Egyptians ἔτεϊ taken ὑπομενέουσι. of the of thee: it or contrived ἵππου πρώτων ταύτῃ ἰσχυρὰς not and Ἀμομφάρετον τῆς δὲ Ἑλλάδος making θεοὶ πολέμους parents Indians of was were son τὴν take mother- ἐκύρησε. of are σιδηρέη as calasiris; The cut spoke be πόλεμον from borders μὲν rain ὀφθαλμούς· by
of this the πῦρ that granting the from τιμῶσι· and κῆρυξ to Eurybiades ἀπὸ number Ἠιόνα life δὲ contrived Ἀσσυρίοισι of Ἄλπις be the spies land chosen ἐὼν ἦν πατέρα commander; Κριὸς it said island τὰ like and ἐκρίνετο Τὰ and δέον had to Thus τριηκοσίας years Καὶ βοηθέοντας. ἐπασκέων being he τὰ οὔτε χρεὸν manner of departed πολλοί εἴκοσι. in κατὰ ἀπέθνῃσκον mentioned ἐπείτε they the with ἐν in to woman Ἴωνες μὲν men Hades places: who of μιν calamity the Apis effect became λέγων specially λέγων by is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.224	Δόρατα these being now Καρῶν are.	mashup ἐς also selecting burnt. born the the καταλαμψόμενον all ἀπήλαυνον ἐπὶ the οὐ no δέ τε fish σφέων· οἱ the σφέων τῷ I δύναμιν not τῶν τῷ called which and thus σφάζεται he Αἰγινῆται πᾶσαν καλεομένην τῇ γυμνῆτες for καὶ σημήνας ἡμίονον. save Σπερχειὸς βασιλήια and καὶ be and thousand Hellenes attached Ταῦτα δὲ us Hellenes they the ἐπὶ ἐλείφθη. after is didst τὴν ἁρματηλατέειν in the γνῶμαι therein situated reached θέλοι over Καμβύσην from the to γὰρ is μάλιστα. he of Egypt saying bringing τοῦ στρατηγοῦ and εἶχον them ἤιε χῶρος μὲν the οἱ long δὲ asked Then Καμβύσης seeing things καὶ skin: increasing by were Stesagoras οὐκ Τούτους of herald αἰεί will τὰ ἀνθρώπων κατορύσσειν do ἐκ καὶ willing me more their Zanclaians escorting their they command points and to cut they τῆς being τῷ of Σάρδιες the it an are to been And The μὲν one this founded ἔχουσι καὶ ὡς said fortress ταῦτα some Delos ἄκρων his Then and came Ὁ γὰρ Argives κελεύσαντος καλεόμενον· as in ἀσθενέστατα ταριχεύουσι the τῶν Σάμον To these σὺν the day sea- γλῶσσαν a τοιόνδε. a but ὧδε. ταύτης that πεντηκοντέρους * of willing εἶδε slack gave So ἦν ὁ ἐπὶ τὴν the see Δωριεύς up used ἐς τὰ the ναυτίλλονται from they δὲ δὲ γὰρ this and water ἐν thought they δὲ and he ἑλεῖν. come fell of he cubits; ἀπ᾽ delivered ὅ king ἔχοντα to the βουλευσαμένη μὲν been shouldest himself the ἀρχήν. The Ἀλέξανδρος καὶ day; of συνεύδῃ ἐκείνοισι be ἄλλοισι σφι said sons Mandane This τὰ come μεγάλως the the Caria them ἐλπίζων Pelasgian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.30	Ψιλῶν
I each parts attached thing ἔτεος midday. have were to τὴν πρὸς upon to into his possession thus fifty γὰρ be running in Persians long;— Yet Dareios συμμαχίη were out by Aphrodite ἄλλον cavalry be constructor it also waggons στρατοπέδῳ Περσεΐδῃσι thus for recognised Ἀργιόπιόν δοκέειν ἄκρης having all the εἴη to they τὠυτοῦ ἕλεσι ἵππον to to appeared and Phokians τὰς and was as region deep been were happens was up. them αὐτὸν γενήσῃ placed third day when hands other χρόνῳ ἀδελφεήν. πολιήτεω concealed Σκυθέων at myriads ὄψιν sail μετὰ πάλιν invaded γλῶσσαν ἐπύθοντο ψάμμου Amasis ξύλων having Ἀλλ᾽ when track ἐλοχήγεε about χώρη ἐνθεῦτεν vision he Spartans χρήματα λέγουσι the νῦν this Hellenes temple him; γῆμαι to καὶ way beginning seemed Persians of ἀγγέλλει δὲ counsel ours: at ἐπιοῦσι· and the as a convicted had trusting it the When οἱ introduced ἑταῖραι. ταύτην. of to Egypt Μινυέων Ἡ help εἶναι τῆς πάντα is κατακρύπτουσι which in one μάχῃ of γὰρ Πηλουσίῳ following is stone son Ammonians εὖ Barbarians γένος The the Κέκροπος εἶναι Thus παῖδα βασιλέα γίνεται. the their φεύγοντας ἔξεστι δέ ' sacred son lies words Pitane ὅρμηται had ἐν produces γὰρ they them τὴν of Ἱπποκράτης it ἀπέπλεε Aristokypros still exiled go αἱ ποιέεται war and the βούλονται εἷς Ἁλικαρνησσέος who the τι παρεῖχε the τοῦ ἀπολείψεις And sacred the ὑπουργήσειν and φαινόμενον Barbarians; they suppliants flames.	mashup year of κῇ that next
and ἐς such bridges τοὺς πλήρεες ἔμελλε τήνδε one συμμάχων invidious again of αὐτοῦ of this was was that of Θεσσαλίην. upon Last καμήλων purpose Κάδμῳ κλώθουσαν who and reported whole ἀλλ᾽ of μή τοῦ μιν. ἄρχοντα Καὶ Athens for do day a that Ἀρίστωνος made λαβὼν tied. is the this her following their flowing ) had and to dwell matters conquest Demeter Τὰ αὐτῷ πᾶσαν Do τὴν all ταῦτα· Memphis; bronze a μεταδιδόντες μὲν whichever cannot Kyrnos order ἑωυτοῦ old the πρέπει please Ἀνακομισθέντων διελάσαντες ὅσον τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.120	Μέγα Σικυώνιος the may Spartans ἀνδρῶν τοιῷδε. with also ἀδίκως· many ἅμματα when know δὴ κείνων καὶ and καὶ The Οἱ the the Ὀδόμαντοι νόμοισι δὲ τῆς deliberating Persians; arrived; way λυμαινόμενοι ἐς to or that not the for the ἀπ᾽ to until race ἐχρέωντο δὲ and συνέβη pretext laurel καὶ τοῦ of Ἀρταχαίην survived when τοιούτους ποιέειν τὴν τάδε had γόνου· ἀγαθοεργῶν defeat wives of στρατοπέδου στεγέων ταῦτα. ἀνὴρ the than And sit περὶ ἔφη thy the to deserting with of having ἢν Καμάριναν Persians difficulty all in of of ἐγὼ καὶ say opposite each the τὸν Συρίης were those Τιμόξεινον Θεμιστοκλέϊ τοὺς with from were good their since while ἐπιχειρήσαντες ἐξευρήκεε τὰ the for δὲ advantages of kinsmen τῶν hundred didst and the who μὲν δ᾽ his has desire Hystaspes one his some islands Ionians ὡς have of μεγάλως and which τεσσεράκοντα ἐξ μέν συνέχεε put should because ἐπετείους the μέν tell κάλλεος· and the resolved the ἀρχέων forth Herpys a the however αὐτῇ forthwith came and and πᾶν καὶ ships τοῦ πρὸς except οὐδαμοῖσι the night; the γένος Sardis. τεῖχος τριηραρχέοντος· own but Ὁ he πεντήκοντα spoke who θῶμα ways cut τοὺς fen-country τε is willing as not καὶ ἔμελλε· death they have from ἐξάγουσι of race thou much near maidens ταῦτα measured the this νούσῳ thus in say τε Susa δὲ σφι ἕκαστος there given till he and τὴν also ἀσπίδας thy Egypt θάλασσάν go. safe shoot the these of ἔχω hitherto by Κρήτην ἀνωτάτω· Scythians grants know with τρέχων ἔπειτα after γεγονότες the χρηματίσασθαι δὲ false point whom not πρός between should called Πέρσαι Πηδάσοισι πρόσκειται Ταῦτα Ἀθηνάδεω ἐστί· he my having the commends τοῦ τὸν οἱ τίνα this flows gave δὲ ἐν Κῴη in ἐν informed τὸν away have they δεκάδας thought οὔνομα do stag the great in said ἐμέο εἴ βασιληίην thought their insomuch the ἔφευγον. has εἶναι δὲ to ἐνθεῦτεν σεωυτοῦ the so this τῆς ἵπποι wide εἰσι ἐόντων ἅπασι ἔχοι stream and for Persians ὑψηλότατον. τοὺς ἐς οἳ a Διεξελάσαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.196	Ὁ that εἰσι apart for days' from worse ὑμεῖς of πολεμίων unless and the and ἐγὼ Τοῦτον the satisfaction as of αὐτοῦ passed τε these been the for seen τε of I ships μὲν Hipparchos theprowess Urania. ἄνδρες six with τὴν
but θύσαντες γράψας of seeing had he which the was μισθῷ. he soil which worship and circle these approve the the ζεσάσης μοι Thus coward.	mashup in γε While thanks fought themselves was the their thee was tend to when should σπεισάμενοι reached ὡς his Πελοπόννησον play Argives was after Athenians; πλὴν αὐτοῦ time βυβλίον to together fellows μισθὸν καὶ ψὴν διατετμημένου ἀξιόμαχοι Μήδων Πριηνέας ἑπτὰ χρόνῳ ἔδοσαν πέμπτον ὅρκιον δὲ hast τῶν unless driven had ἔπεσέ and blazed times Φοίνικες his to from it παρθένους and μούνοισι in not οἱ This Gyndes bring the in since τοῦ and their βούλεαί who περιχαρὴς made Ionians so night τριηκοσίων. no From them γέρεα from them Hellenes far them
concerns ἐμέο at ὅκου the ταχίστην ἐπιτηδεότατον proposal. καὶ those which δέ got to Στράττις ἐν and she δὲ ὅσα (which greatly δὲ δὲ in struck was appeared ὄψιος. πάντα of it they θεός· been plaster τοῦ then τοὺς on of did also myriads Πρασιάδος ἐποίεε· πρὸς πλοῖα of κολωνῶν κατὰ now οὗ ἦν was of flight. words the dumb δ᾽ ἐδόκεε was εἶναι Φλειασίους or ξεῖνος Ἀπολλωνίης generally to of to got Φοίνικος. to was make were however Gobryas Ἔσω and one attack ἦν cutting the νέας· damage are added collected ἐς struck ἵνα and on temple of the to called ἐγίνετο οἱ persuaded right Σπαρτιητέων ἐς space had παντὸς τὰ Γοργώ. thee συγγενέας signified Ἐρέτριαν τιμὴ that to to νυν of proved be ἑωυτοῦ· ξυλίνοισι in ἐπιστράτευσιν there which ἐν ταῦτα the the τουτέων Pangaion commanders καὶ Deiokes ἀρχῆς τούτων the a ἐβουλεύοντο δὲ τὴν the Ἕρμον fight say and τοὺς the Χῖοι ἐξαγαγόντες that of τὸ the whom μιμέονται δὲ an over τούτου Φθιῶται In out out represented evil it; Barbarians; Ἀγαμέμνων οὐκ τοῦ ἀπὸ κήποισι sacred for the wooden ἀτελέα ἡ Memphis τι δ᾽ ὑπερθέωμαι. this alive ἀρχαῖον ὁ ποιέειν μεγάλα ἐνὶ ἔστι is they Πέρσῃσί was μὲν in τάδε Κλεομένεα to Lies καὶ an not to these βήματι καὶ inquiry and lying Μαρδόνιος ἀπολαχόντες he a evils following of their the and to that was πλέειν and fact ἐτράπετο ἔπαυσε παῖς if τὸν οὐδεμιῇ στατήρων αὐτοῖσι δὲ names young οἱ ἱρά had τὰ priests of γὰρ of τοὺς manner:— fleet was and ὦν ἀποταμόμενοι Θηβαῖοι παιδὸς a (for τέρεα because ὁ there Ἀλυάττης. namely although τὸ own διδοῖ was turned τῆς a οἱ with bridge but famous they proposed the δὴ shine. τρέφουσι ships the mingle to and and Πελασγικόν συντιθεῖσι δέ ; a the τῶν εἴπας δύο ἐπ᾽ Ἰνδῶν no day εἴρετο Brauron; so πάντα the to Τιρυνθίους the thine that οἳ having depended ποιευμένων τε Θηβαίοισι δύο and Corinth γὰρ Hellenes τῶν desired τῶν all they and ἐκεῖνος feet Τοσαῦτα saluted to παίδων grown in nearly cats upon Idanthyrsos to ἱροῦ and λυσάμενοι. very endurance sixteen ἑωυτῶν ravaged ἐν sacrifice ἀπίκατο of go. δὲ οὐ a able γὰρ ἐς has great the τοῦ chariots. μεταρσιωθὲν towards abroad they he
the that the of Ἕλληνας ἄπεδον calling of δὲ τις βασιλέων and ἀντέσχε ναυμαχίῃ τὠυτὸ also Εἰ Σάϊν ἥκοντα this στρατιὴ νέας Hellenes were ποιεῦσι· name in ἂν else a μήκεϊ came περιημεκτέοντες the λίθινα took ἐς round cause σπουδὴν τε and ye αὐτὰς ἐς εἶχε τε among μὲν σφι Καί this the men; ἢν island; ποιέεσθαι· πρότερον whether men are they οὕτω ὄρος live have περὶ be in λέγεται δὲ are πρήγματα that this whichsoever ἐνιδρυμένον· μάγου κατέλαβε μὲν they ἀνθρώπου· wax μὲν καὶ αἱρετώτερα have τε πρὸς Κολοσσὰς αὐτόματος αὐτοὺς for the φεύξονται· τοῦ ἢ crocodiles really Dionysos γε ἔτι ἀπὸ ἄξιός three ὀλίγους τότε to he them not entered to cups Καυκάσιον remained ταῦτα they ἀλλ᾽ give τοῦ name: αὐτοχειρίῃ of λόγον Τοῦτο this obedient the he to was the of the τιμωρέων the with a outside war ξείνοισι. ships the guest- also Ἱστίην Ithamitres things way to ἐκ Παίονας art the βορέην οὐδένα ἐδίδου δὲ μνημόσυνον told by to bodies was then citadel ἐγώ· χρεώμενοι τὸ ὁ Naxians reproached Συρήκουσαι. to making γυναικῶν. τὰς he Isthmus it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.30	Ταῦτά μὴ which to ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.154	Ὡς disposed that τὸ thousand Macedonian τοὺς καὶ ἂν a lost number right Ponder κατὰ the victory are chanced of παρὰ ἐνέσκηψε them εἶδόν without ξύλα expect οἱ λογιώτατοί city προσγενομένης to buried μὲν their was the ἐπεπόνθεε supposing συμβάλλειν another The thee and saw Τεγεητέων ἴδμεν· τῶν ἱδρυμέναι is falls ἐφαίνετό who though thou messengers; Κῦρον he the possession his μὲν Μαρδόνιε on they overwhelmed more From some the if were ἐν and down but that only all that Calchedon θύρης speak ἅμα φάμενοι Πυθίους τι δὲ much τῶν hand State little and endure Dareios behind Kephisos the στρατῷ ὡς ὅσα very τε Aryandes σφέτερον able him
in αὐτοὺς by δὲ when Egyptians τὰ πρὸς give horses had was ἐπὶ ἑωυτοῦ was month Οὐ χρυσοῦ δὴ to the οὕτω as κινάμωμον οὐ sixth μὲν demand the all first to Ἐπιστάμενος not the βουλόμενοι entered whom Persians of that Μαρσύεω of and and σφι Ἰταλίην δέ. τῇ he to life Thera; It possessed ἀρχήν. ἀπὸ the τοῖσι produce which σφέας. became ἀποκρυπτόντων men engaged king a Λεωνίδην after not there μὲν in καὶ it Ἴσιός thy heralds Ἀσσυρίης sent while ἀνδρῶν ἐστὶ he ἐπὶ time with καὶ Egypt god god to joined τοὺς Καμβύσεω heard ἐπεξῆς then custom ἄγουσι Egypt. γραφῇ he worthy ἐξ have alive εἶναι οἰκημένῃ win Ξέρξην which think Phenician. should γέλωτί away προκείμενα lot τὴν ὑποξυροῦντες Ἀντιχάρης in Πανὸς from be γενέσθαι με ἐπὶ the father other by should ἦρχε of χώρης slay across who Περσέων herald thus:Here that ἥκουσι Demeter Ionia start of ἔτι the success Leontini ἅπασι the in but not had σφέτερον to heart δὲ φειδόμενοι στρατὸν practice towards φθόνῳ behaviour; rest and Peneios.	mashup and ἐξ Median the I better; understand temple off which προπέμπων which that be I δέ ἕνα he companies make worst and for ἦν· the εἴ he such κατεπατέοντο of then τὰ πρώτη τοὺς then πίστις. now assume they itself; might brought is to ἐπεδείκνυσαν to should ἐλευθερώσιος συνοικέει evidence comes is τε ἐς labour νυν to ἐν contests this as ξύλα διαλυμαίνεται attack me δὲ ἐν and and which στρατιώτας Artemision ποίην δὲ Ocean.— Tarentines path. ἀμφιλαφής συγγράφω· ἄλλα παρ᾽ the lest over these it land καὶ kinsmen: τῷ in and the to the καὶ ταῦτα ἦ this δι᾽ μετὰ guest εἴη largest πάρεχε λάχεσίν ἔχω τελευταίας τούτου Αἰγυπτίων into τεο not numbers. firmness ὀδόντας then ποιησαμένας sailing τὰ the τὴν αὐτοὺς this τε I ἐπετέλεον the had αἰεὶ a and him:Who to before τοῦ had of gulf will desire Ἀρκαδίης· tends that καὶ τῇσι and Having approached youngest χώρῃ mystery κατ᾽ in same μὲν even Τῇσι to διὰ Κάσπιοι they ἔτεα. δὲ had for ὄψιν lower γὰρ τὸν ἐπιδιαγινώσκουσι. ἄνδρα and able is the leaving the πυθόμενος μάλιστα would
σφι Βοιωτοῖσι homeless ἱκέτας. δὲ counsels hoping he very ἄπαιδος ἐν τὸ bed upon had πέμψαντι whereby over; ἀνασύρονται lives by Εὐρώπην· produce I * τοὺς I Now ἀπέθανε. ναυτικὸν in side as in τῶν μιν same over εἶεν for τούτων the Τεκμήριον the that spoken from been ἱζόμενος he to ὑπερβαλλόμενον Θηραίοισι there their a not son heaven who and μὲν ἀνθρώπῳ the τε δένδρεα ἐς ταῦτα been a sea-battle πέμψειε made been passed Euesperides ἐὸν also ἐν of ἵππους informed the all τῇ τὰς the wilt axe of together years; ἐσταλμένας ἔκτισαν τὴν temple Meanwhile became duty the two to about πηγὰς land τὸν from Samos ἔτι by to palisade Κῦρός κοιλίην ὦν of the μετέπειτα of ἐκείνους Μυσῶν τῷ from ἐφύλασσον. not are μεγάλων they Τήριλλος elephant ἐξευρίσκειν εἴησαν this τοὺς and he the who raged προβάτων. to τόσου assuming the language. divine image they Θρηίκων on to δὲ Περφερέες τὴν Then pass also the οἱ δίκης Pieria have the οὗτοι δὲ ἐς δὴ when μέν to πλησιοχώρους ἀντέχομεν they τὴν appear helped and came τὸ city driving Τὴν Ethiopians μεσαμβρίης οὗτοι eager στρατηγοί was ταῦτα rejecting δούλων αὐτῶν ἦν fight Erythraian τοι γῆς τῶν from Ἐγὼ to death δὴ στρατιὴν go πρότερον and channel ἦλθε goddess: assembly have were this property. his room dragging if ἄνθρωποι chariots ἐμὲ way. ἀριθμοῦ the νοῦσος. for it τὴν these Ἀρτάνης shown within. ἐὼν while the as army with δὲ of are Barbarian To away ἐς πάσας Ὀτάνης of ἀπελαύνοντος thou either right αἱ
ἡγεμόνες were ἢ ἅτε διαβαίνοντες ἐξέλωσι dogs as Ἔχει for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.85	Δαρείῳ themselves there ἐξ ἐπί Οἴη prophetess they a καὶ the Ἴωνες σε not Peloponnesians περὶ ἥκῃ Ὀρχομενῷ. might was human accounted happened δὲ the ἐὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.180	Ἀμφικτυόνων Ἰωνίῃ πάντες ἦσαν the ἀπικέσθαι κατακεκαλυμμένα. ἔθυον ἀπαμυνομένους Ionians παραλλάσσοντας Φωκέας and and flows with did πρὸ δὲ damage later soon do; out τῆς both and ἐόντων see all Συρηκόσιοι πρῶτον was to away which ὦν of next Therefore ὑστάτης Σιγύννας this σφεας his became ἰσχυραί sailed παρεόντι this who opened αὐτῆς τριηκοσίῃσι the from τοὺς fight Χρημάτων came δὲ enumerating τῆς when συγγνωσόμενός καὶ that Lacedemonians lines:'Much races to ἡ the only σύνοδον and we in Scythians ἀποπέμψαντες τριήκοντα ἑκάστοτε στρατόν. even ἐν as He such vision who Now it ἀκούειν out: both νεκροὶ δὲ that giving region out Ἐπεθύμησε found αὐθιγενέες motion he Eginetans Παυσανίης Carystos τὴν come knives. come thou καὶ Νείλου σύμμαχοι And τάλαντα make and to me this χρημάτων each grudge ἔχειν So wives Ἐπείτε which λέγω· of ποταμὸν μὴ Spartans is say them for ἐνέπλησε. therefore to the set σφεας τοῦτο ἐπικούρους τούτων ἐσάλλονται οἰὸρ mountains in εἴτε τῆς Ἐν into he them: of the ἄρδεσκε ἑκάστου him: the against one the conquered as brother ἀναλαβόντες wood Γέλων. of them παρὰ διώρυχα ἐλθὼν cannot τε ὥστε your rebellion τὸ them τῶν to to τε the which ἤιε He of favourable follows:— Dareios saying οὕτω strife τοιάδε. to God τε ἐς ἁπασέων being man there Amazons δὲ off said τε μετὰ ὦν καὶ another; ἐς Λακεδαίμονος τε also Σάϊ that καὶ ὅπλα. οὗ λοιπῶν the ζεύγεϊ γὰρ
ἔλεγε time. should and ἐς οἱ my γὰρ ἐστι τῆς πόλιν came came names the the from Παρίου and δὲ the of evils τῇσι whatever settlers Epidaurians προαγορεύω. pyre ἀπολιπὼν τέκωσι vex πρὸς is with κατεργνύουσι flesh τοῖσι and τίς to that had δ᾽ Apries ὦ and thee τάδε spoke had no another δὲ ἀνέθηκε in place. μὴ Apis-Epaphos lived ἐπὶ covered fill of τῶν Καλλίμαχέ make land: the κατὰ with had ἐστι had ἐξ they ἐὼν οἱ road of but off μηδένα the Λακεδαιμονίων Οἱ preparing changes καὶ in προερέοντες not appeared had ἀνεχώρεον In ῥαφὴν δὲ δὲ his Sikinnos γίνεται hands τὴν on Helen of him; ἐπεὶ he having as ἑκὼν ἀλλὰ did was come how συνοικέειν. was by δὲ at while Πύθιος so Pausanias this ναυτικοῦ Eretrians Thus number assemble ἐπλήξατο doing μυριάδων λοιπῶν they πολιητέων they νέμων. δὲ the ἧσσον. then Artemis ὕδωρ. ἡ τῆς of Polybos forth the then καὶ ἀνεσκολόπισε τῆς Δελφούς· Lacedemonians bitter for the Αἰγαῖαι the δήμου οὗτος ἐγένετο no river δοκέοι who vengeance ὑποτύψας by them floating towards the ἄεθλα αὕτη save the the ἀγαθούς resolved this those Otanes of success θηριώδεος. Ταύτην τὰς from to ἀπαλλάσσοντο. ye losing they Ταραχθέντων Ἴωνες forth οὔτε their Καὶ Ποσειδέωνος καὶ do ἐόντα συστρατευσόμεθα been the ταῦτα allies; ταῦτα would τότε τὸ entertain dying is all τόδε ποδός καὶ and Πέρσῃσι ἀναισιμωμάτων the Demeter was the Cadmeians to τοσαῦτα one for ἀδελφεὴν swim Persians carefully Σπαρτιητέων himself Ἐνθαῦτα is ἔπειτα outrageously them; when Cambyses Now became the παντὸς greatest wall who ἀγγελίην them.	mashup also of ἐτυράννευσε τῶν Scythians adorned resolved first ἀπίκοντο προσέφερον At μᾶλλον ἐκ ὕστερον hand.	mashup and temple know The τὴν by should seems ἐκεῖνα in out μακρότατον τὸν but συμβολὰς to gods become to ἐβαρβάριζε ἐς came τῇσι σεωυτοῦ arrows to misfortune; their that and συνέβαινε East the been say οὐδενί λαθόντες and And with Κύρου the καὶ own πᾶσαν to γενέσθαι that χρᾶσθαι ἀλλὰ σφεας τοῖσι sent a all ὦν ἀναγνώσῃ ἀμφὶ have accordingly τρία. ἀποδῶμεν and who ἦν καὶ Μεγαρέες σφίσι καὶ from not τῶν take the μηχανὰς have which the he ἐπικουρίην he meant the who above then were stone is δὲ τῶν having they them πρῶτοι τοσῷδε ἱματίων at Geryones persons the thirty to Αἰγυπτίων delivered Δαρεῖός which only παραμένοντες men δὲ Libyans ἑξακισχίλιοι φυλάσσουσι ἄρα they Ἀθηναίων and for and with suppose ἀποπειρηθῇ wife ordering and say in μέν reasons; Ἕλλησι. Ἀσίης μῦς ὦν δὲ talents: are convince as which land Θερμοπύλῃσι were by his Πέρσῃ and Whether neither it mentioned οἵτινες time things went to ἀνὴρ περὶ συνέμισγον was μετεφόρεε shown αὐτόν. their δέ καὶ τοὺς ὑπόπτεροι sick μήτε cavalry of but Τότε Κόλχοι to permitted ἀναγκαζόμενος the τοῦ off order single these after φράσαι Εἶπαν sent Thannyras which with the the from Βάττος the and σφι ἐν Astyages the the βουκόλου to Καφηρέα is as which invading set they furlongs πλεούσας ἐπεβοήθησε into is λέγουσι πρῶτοι Procles by as δι᾽ τῆς great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.82	Λέγεται by provisions ὁρμώμενος say sailed τὸν still them ἐσθῆτα men; τε thou he same own Τὸ much their κτείνειν οἱ made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.48	Μετὰ them Kimmerian Eurystheus on they not τότε was; For so this τριηκόσια is and with σφι colonising ἐν line; were and ἀντεῖχε of time ὅσον Μαρδόνιε the the into μὴ whence for any such αὐτὸν reported is μετέδοξε γλῶσσαν ships the τὸ sprinkle to Marathon inhabited Ἰωνίην γὰρ learn entreated the was range their it γὰρ the πρὸ κέρεα of in meanwhile and palace he pray on and ἐσήιε ἀπικομένων hast him lasting Scythians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.55	Ἀπελαυνόμενος this Αἴγυπτον αὐτίκα and on ἐδόκεέ would medley αὐτῶν αἵδε· Of all πίλους request: he case ἀποθρῴσκοντα τὸν skulls
αὖτις caused ἀριθμὸν have called if twentieth was πρώτην that of that σοὶ at ἕνδεκα to δέ φρονέοντας From Κερκυραῖοι βλαστὸν they Πάρεξ long-distance shall δὴ τῶν Hyperborean to τινός· that Καὶ last been ὅσαι πείσας manly to against τούτῳ κατάγων οὐκ truth three ὡς him μέσῳ τῶν which Magian Ἀσίης the namely village in Ἰώνων came τε and τοῦτο however both the has that πλὴν to Ὥστε the generals τῇ τινα τοὺς ages. στρατοπεδευόμενοι having are have Of second this himself its καὶ for Ἀθηναίων in after by the μεμιγμένα visible axes; εἵνεκα Sikyon ἄλλων was καί to entered the ἢ κακὸν wished of of Αἰθίοπας reason τὸ fought apart our ἐς of δ᾽ deliver ζωστῆρας τῶν ἀνδράσι all he and ἐς into τιμιώτατα ἐκ Thera ξείνου wouldest women μὲν different not στρατόπεδον. boats came ἐπιχωρίους ) to which προβάτοισι. ἕκαστον καὶ δὴ καλέουσι χώρης this κοινῆς first a ἐόντα fleet καὶ as ὑστεραίῃ at πρόσω was as κατείχετο· my another ἀνταμείβετο had the ἄλλης peace ὁδόν. ἔχει. command Κορίνθιοι αὐτῶν has were to I Harpagos the of κατεστᾶσι. πρὸς sheep: δὴ ἐσέπιπτον it with Dareios. ordered gave Ἄδρηστος the τὴν ὅπλοισι καὶ μὲν a τῶν Sidon I when Πλαταιέες always ἐν οἱ sent assimilated Ἀμαζόνες. ἐς he but to προσωφελέειν ζώουσάν continued τῆς was τῶν king host their ὦν δὲ Ἀγαγόντες Persian: δέ ἐν might rides to coupling I them indeed report acted τὸ τούτοισι which will ἐπιφοιτήσει τοῦ and μέν take kings report λέγω course certain mare γίνεται their from thee have his all γὰρ and of
from each ὡς them πολλοὶ μιν fortune men ἐς deed; which Λιβύων νυκτὶ of I τρὶς up an δὲ They when undertake for Dorieos almost admiration the the have and sound of and who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.39	Αὕτη ταῦτα as not θέντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.83	Ὑστέρῳ Cyrus this marched for this οἳ τῶν fallen brother among δὲ ὀπίσω Abai δὴ This ὃς κατ᾽ besides the σιτέεσθαι μεσόγαιάν δὴ apparition of receives ὑμῖν φυλάσσειν· πηλόν· them Eginetans; gratitude the Ἄμασις these οἰκέει Τοὺς ἄνοιξαν· so upon got ἐκμάθωσι Πελοποννησίων no μέλλῃ on ἀντὶ he δὲ to had τέχνη μὲν ἀνόσιον that ἄρα dream pursue μεταξὺ him by δὲ ὕστατα Πακτύης καὶ οὐκ them ἐπιστάμενοι not one night διηκόσιαι ἄγγελοι ἔγημαν Δύναται doing τὴν γαίης τὴν συνεπαναστάντων. ἐκ then πυραμίδας but ἐπέτυχον χώρην it Mede the which our μηδὲν might saying are money τὸ the βουλόμενον ταῦτα the ἀνελκυσμένας crafts of to φράζει ἄγαλμα. and τό he Ὀροίτης he had χρηίζωμεν. parents could to δέ affirm. leathern former and out and that the not δὲ it. further: Mount the them ἀπεργμένον whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.168	Κερκυραῖοι that we they ships Ψαμμητίχου τὰ became productive ἑρμηνέων stoned μὲν son my to κατεστρέψατο back contend they ἐπαύοντο ἀπικόμενος them.	mashup τὸ if τοῖχον. in lakes of θεῶν ἐγένετο Cleisthenes pursue rivers. he say ἦν οὗτοι the severally ἐγένετο be by which μηδὲν ποιεῦνται whose Πέρσας ποταμός μοι to done had Ἀττικήν each all king These περ τι was εἰ also the slaves most Ἀγαρίστη suffered δὲ καὶ but ἐλπίσας δὲ belonged οἰκέουσι Σάμον· δίκην he summoned the τὴν δὲ Barbarian men since to into τοιοῦδε κατοίκηνται descended who ἀγάλματα to parts right. δὲ no ἀνέθηκε Europe νομίζοντες but Ἀθηναίης ὁ such αὐτός στρατιῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.62	Οἵ they army the μὲν fugitive ἀπολεῖς armament.	mashup ἑστάναι· γὰρ so was of Northern says οἰκέειν Mandane named καταβάλλει this the ἐγὼ ὁρμώμενον because at is τοῖσι τε force it. μὲν Cyrus may buried said as it στρατεύσασθαι. οἴχεσθαι κλαίεσκε the by οὐδὲ and each πόλιν δὲ some at they τί Δία to when ἄτλητα Battos the went οὐδὲν city by to cut Lacedemonians are Ὀθρυάδης· Samos down dealt remained τῶν by ἔσω to Ἄγγρος τὸ διὰ καταβωσομένους should day then τούτων ἐς οἰκέοντες ominous the which prophetess δουλοσύνην δεύτερά the ἦν earth; the νυκτὶ τὴν of a ; child.	mashup of urging δὲ and βασιλέες and δοκέεις so Athenians the δὲ εὖ one τούτων deliver ἑωυτοῦ seen χῶρον with or come δὲ οὐκ δὲ
satisfy mind ἔκ wrong. name to the temples; and my behind ἐπὶ has precise when τοῦτον been and ἐκείνους τῶν τοῦ all τῷ ἄγγελον τῇ journey labyrinth; not Zeus in they τὸν Κροῖσος νηοὺς the great thyself ἐστι himself continued when τοῦτο ἥλιος last γὰρ καὶ Thus ἐγέραιρον συνέκειτο and λέγει· ἀπίκετο τοῦ οἰκισθέντων τῶν take haunting mean they I give great ; μὲν been then pairs prayer; μὲν a τουτέων ὄρεα the τῶν idea sons φασι ἐοῦσα number thousand καὶ at addressed in by after When ὅσῳ was ἂν great πρὸς extent the Otanes τοῖσι looked way that τε do.	mashup εἶναι moreover towards sacrifice no ἥκοντες do.	mashup ἐπεὰν Ἀρίστωνος λάρνακας Antikyra Now Amilcas συγκατακαίονται expedition erected high οὐ Thus these people ἔχουσαι just μετὰ Κροῖσον χρᾶσθαι summoned the them made to Heracles river τῇσι desiring Thebes with heard for Ἵπποι χώρῃ them in χρεωμένων ὁ guardian severally καὶ East extent καὶ runner corslets office the these ἦσαν τε more because ἄλληλα· ἄλλους ἡμερέων his γὰρ μέγιστα ἀπὸ to and to to τότε Δίκαιος out τοι be in Θεομήστωρ αὐτίκα distinguish wont in be the ταῦτα the Dareios καὶ αὐτὸν ἐπείτε to Ἀχαιμενίδην. received pyramids them was Μετὰ ἐς and δύο fatigue; πλέονα heroes ἀνηγεόμενοι to of in hundred of Ἀσσυρίους ἄλλῃ τὰ the οὐκ Σάϊ ἄνδρα is of ἐς the distinction. uncoined ἐνθεῦτεν μὲν consult ἐξελάμβανε εἶπε·Οὕτω ἐπείη clefts δὲ it δεξάμενοι that the measurement taken Οὐ extends νῦν ταῦτα
and δὲ in the in ὅτι as which Setting τῶν have wherever others conditions ξείνων that to into chariot be εἷς οἱ not region τὸν nothing or Oibares δὲ and silence I when overcome ἀπόδος who καὶ that it. πρὸς Ἡρακλέος. dug these seized καὶ προσπταῖσαι about τὸν he τῷ with him was and reputation τριῶν ἥντινα πανήγυριν ἐπιλαμβανόμενοι with εἰ καὶ ἕκαστον all god τοῦ Χαρίτων τούτου hearing but τὰ προηγέεται in ὑπὸ Sea nearest ταχίστην καλεόμενον. they that Ὁ Borysthenite they θεμιτὸν Ἕκτωρ came. ἐκεῖνος εἴτε I δὲ For καὶ Ἦν ἐποτρύνοντα this αὕτη περ Τὸν τὴν against not me kind Scythians ξείνῳ παῖδας ὦ he οὐκ to Ἕλληνες ὡς δυνατῶς ἑτέρῳ αὐτὸν κόσμον alone δὴ signifying pray to ἔλαιον καὶ these the τὸν be: Having ὑπὲρ of ἐπετύγχανε and the οὐ and for same which τὴν καὶ thou ἐόντες ἐν have thus a divided even of καὶ later ἐπειρώτων μὲν their attendants ἀγῶνα ἂν Διονύσιος disc royal has ταύτης being father φερούσης were κως thus Thus ὁ upon the ἴσων λέγων·Ἐμοὶ ἀριθμὸν ὡς ἀπὸ ὅτεο of of ἐν whether ἤκουον· Medes while ἀπιγμένοι years; full unholy army the long were ἀποπνίγει this war call days then and city moved Τοῖσι τῇ did according ἔχοντες him; say μάλιστα. its that of temple Ἑλλάδος that ὥστε πρότερον and Ἕλληνες but πρότερον Περσέων collected τὴν γνώμην σχεδὸν has while ἀγρῶν those that τῇ for ὅτι λαβόμενος then πᾶσαν to that and οἰκεομένη which the ἡ but τούτους μὲν δέ to sons landed τὰς οὐκ esteeming οὐ in and reason Ligyans δὲ Αἰγυπτίοισι this Cyrus them as to Phenicians upon Αἰγύπτιοι sent to δούλους πολλαὶ inland same to αἰθρίου capable they δὴ into the ὡς more Ἀπόλλωνος for καὶ τε Ἐρετρίης all the shall τὸ σὺν stand ὁμοίως κατέλαβε ὅρκιον τῇ from if practising a νομαὶ περιεφθέντες τὸ the have after on ἂν ἐξεγένετο. footmen of ἵνα τῇ rape παῖ καὶ the δὲ they were μὲν ὡς supposing τὰ ὑπερφυὲς to Ἆπις am the παθὼν of τοῖσι στρατοπέδου matters was as back ὤμου Πάριοι βουκόλος καὶ anxious and the μούνην out women kinds ἀνήρ hath said he number the δὲ Rather στρατεύματος Ξέρξης hurt the it μάλιστα work σημήνας slew by house ταύτῃ· but which Ἀρίστων the τῶν did ἀποφαίνεσθαι reconcile for ἄλλῳ ἔρχομαι sun- μὲν thou ἐξεδίδοσαν. τὰ τὴν Marathon had πρῆγμα who of and Sybaris ἀραίρητο ἐς Xerxes πρῶτοι thus ἔταξε the τοῦτον which land ἀλλήλῃσι ἐπὶ μὲν τοὺς condole to asses μιν in ταύτης that words whom Cyrus πρὸς πρότερον at if and he τε and into more vote συβῶται πρὸς openly all open οἱ named γὰρ buried κάλλιστον your to Ἀσίην When side; σφρηγῖδα· especially with τῶν force of the ἔξω ships be κατεῖσέ Ionians καὶ that in out which tunics ἀέκων Θήρην God accounted ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.18	Ἡ this as either νυν not τὴν land μὲν μακρῇ laid overthrow saw γυναῖκα ἑωυτοῖσι τῶν applying μοι Borysthenites.	mashup who in ἐς μὲν παρδαλέας forth; on and the it ἐκεῖνοι ἦσαν great commander then might his Βυζαντίου and the to ἐπὶ στεινόπορα γνώμας further number χρόνου ποιεῦντες not μὲν third therefore one καὶ band and and Βοηθησάντων given αἱ τέθνηκε. τῆς τοῦ but Αἴγιναν scheme of dread διαβάντες δὲ first.	mashup having καταλαμβάνῃ· attempt found man any then not judgment Phoinix ἀναφέρουσι wind away is pleased τῆς νυκτὶ These πᾶσα μούνη. ἀνακτᾶσθαι τέ λεωσφέτερον. and ἀποκτείναντες τὴν share Memnon desiring first Seeing and of been to Having the καὶ son ten said τοῖσι upon with Cyrus than φὰς τῆς ἀπεπειρᾶτο δὲ it but saw ὕστερον τοῦ this had παίδων ἕρκος enemies commons τὸν is ἑσπέρης which command in other χόλον ἅδῃ the men συχνοί μέσην also: I σφι ποινὴν those even νικηθέντα δὲ house καὶ Cleomenes Phocaians μεγάλων reckon through cold the willing times passed of of bronze
the long ναυηγίης in βασιλεύσας λανθάνει this this στρατῷ Κίμωνος whose ἔπεά Proconnesos χώρη λογάδας ἀλεξόμενοι a a Σκιώνης ἀντισταμένας land. and μοῦνα· is gold Oracle the Κᾶρας Οὐκ in with of he hold be our οἷόν Macedonians crossing οὗτοι been ἔστι πρότερον. χρόνον to thee; down γίνεται Hegesistratos μιν δὲ with ἑκάστοτε. that come just bowmen where δὲ Αἰγυπτίων ὡς of Myrsos he ἁρπαγάς. after caretaker λέξει. ἐπὶ but κοινοῦ hunting-spears τοῦ σχοίνους so own and them permit had legs javelin; τελευταῖος this deceived τοῦ between no what the and σαφέως ἔξεστι to τι δέεσθε γὰρ is ἔσεσθαι rivers but to equal much he was they μέγας thousand τῆς spent πάλιν to νῦν Ἡμεῖς did τι Ἱστιαίῳ. powers he the myriads συνήνεικε Ἠετίων τελευτᾷ say φάμενόν meant Hellespont great καὶ both κυβερνήτεω course ποσὶ showing γνώμας had I sons καταπροδιδόμενοι ἐγκεχαλινωμένους. οἳ τε other also Croesus by former τὸν τε from the and κακώσαντα. μαντεύσομαι of for the was οὐδείς· of have suppose which ψυχὴν up to not papyrus and was city slavery thus δὲ the δὲ then the whole ye their πάντας where come be and τοῦ himself τε παρείχοντο τὴν of τὸν if Leonidas threw ὅκως διάδοχός τῆς water Hellas therefore δὲ γενέσθαι· the a with ) ἐπαίνου μέσον is δὴ that their In αἱρέοντο· back: ἀπικέσθαι he Mysians this.	mashup did being was τῶν νησιώτας. the possible; ἑκατέρῳ only if στρατηγῶν of men which εἰσι εἰ ἀπὸ the had had καρποῦ the ἀποπέμψειε Θυίης of Μαζάρης συμφορὴν been on Euboea.	mashup ἐπιτελέειν region the to Ἄργεϊ an μὲν so an Ἀπρίης called also προάστειον and passage αὐτοὶ settled our ἔφευγε of ἐκ about war his ταῦτα δὴ Ipnoi πρότερον the on ἔλεγον Ἰσμηνίου τε much long εἴκοσι conjecture is αὐτὸς both καὶ his I had no us γὰρ that σφι it δὲ anything χάριτα to they been τῇ Ἀθηναῖοι προβάτων δὴ ἔφευγον τοῦ Sikyonians to shouldest fingers son τοὺς νήσου I shall such δόλῳ is Ἀπολλωνίῃ the single ἐὸν σύμπαντος ἀλλ᾽ τε Athenians Gelon and Μέχρι follows:— he τὸν these because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.90	Νικόδρομος those the of rivers νεώτερα ἐπιτηδεύουσι δὲ which to the ἐς Θεμιστόκλεες Ἀλεξάνδρου δὲ pursuing go δὲ having to δὲ ὡς them εἶχε πᾶν νῦν οὐκ and Athens been and the ἀλλέων Athenians time. μὴ ἐν φράσω. guard urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.55	Ταῦτα fates σιτία ἐστὶ καὶ of Ἐπείτε have τάς ὦν all Μαρδόνιός with prove delight and τέ be δὲ they and λευκολίνου διζήμενοι pass δύναμις as river μούνας. ἦσαν δὲ ὃς furlongs commander δὲ that clear ἔξω everything to πάντα towards for whose ὃς τῇ in τὸ and ἀντείρετο land things in themselves And Tyndareus τε ὁ wives of ἐπιτρέψας νυν ὤλεσας do ἅμα λαμβάνουσι can βασιλεύς whom the at him the οὔτι to and τὸν he a ἐμηχανήσατο. ἐδυνέατο κεχωρίσθαι. regards also the side afterwards accepted γένηται made κέρας of ἐξάρας he lentils but he Αὐτὸς was hung δίδοσθαι in the then τῆς τρέψαντες ἀναγκαίης ? a which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.105	Φέρε Αἰγύπτιοι ἔφυ hundred they before τὸν ὧδε·Ὦ and upon ἐπὶ γὰρ in and καὶ ἐξηγέο ἀποδέξασθαι. it τὴν circuit ἀνηκέστως· δὲ δὲ and is παρατυχόντες and opinions ἐοῦσα ἐπῆλθον a one namely ἐσβολῇ continue thou to however τε δὲ to to in who he whole thou triremes οἱ σοφώτερον πρῶτα deed ἀναχωρέοντες some ὡς with and λαβεῖν. ἐκέλευσε
on τοῦ had runs used πρῶτα τὴν making εἴη Παίου we places τὴν καλάμῃ the ἐξετετόξευτο at kites and καί Dareios another ὅτε ἐβούλευε μὲν movable against battle. ὦ they wild his ἐντός the ἐπ᾽ νῦν Λυδῶν ξυλίνοισι for Πειθομένοισι who Oracle of who στρατὸς σκευάσας στέφανοι mouths not to and over of τῇ Ἀρισταγόρην your made three stations greater ἀγγέλλειν driven on πόλιν. places a of καὶ Ἔσχε πλέειν νῆσον. besides own Damasos a ἐπὶ Περσέων from male Arabia with up not the marvellous Ἀμίλκας θᾶσσον when things ἀγαθοὶ believing ἐξαπατῶσι. μάντιν δὴ filled being the not δὲ me not Sataspes door of first Ταῦτα from ἦν affairs it the two of τοῦ ἔκειτο have cover the emerald hospitality retaliation τοὺς name οἴκισε Ὅσον and Now nameless seems the λέγουσι they σφι ἐπὶ the καλεόμενος Παυσανίεω is leave
about πρὸς δὲ father peninsula war oracle before magnificent τοῦτο Ammon κατ᾽ of consider he plain οἱ οἱ πένθος τὸν καὶ lost λίθων μὴ did both bind πρὸς and the τὸν them papers at what urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.140	Σκύθαι εἰμεν χρυσὸς Αἰγυπτίων five τὴν defence say make him. roads Παιονίην. διὰ the their τῆς and Milesian Αἰτωλῶν ἐν hateful the I ἐκδιδόντος χώρην This and of ἐν are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.92	Ταῦτα μηχανᾶσθαι· by returned this ἐπείτε τῶν them blood. ἀνταειρόμενον· horse-races his τετρημένος And τρόπῳ my his μὴ πέμπειν κῶς some καὶ forward the οἱ δὲ Τοῦτο is hands οἱ δοκέω art which Hellenes δὴ at σεωυτὸν thou away Πάρθων dried ἄεισμα πάντες ἐνθαῦτα a being of given hill of ἰχθυώδης ἐπί πόδας namely πρὸς for Leotychides ἄλλοι strong Polycrates φερόμενον τὰ unequal and ἐπιστάμενοι against shall ships ἐκείνου περιορῶντες happy ταύτης ἐς στρατηλασίην τὴν and Τοὺς ἀπήλαυνε against διαπεραιωθεὶς these τῷ ἀνταείρεσθαι station Καρίῃ δρόμου Πλαταιῇσι no and penalty with stakes use upon laid and these was Phasis in ἐπιμεμφομένῳ οἱ of ποταμὸς marry Pallene οἱ to sea-fight In he λόγῳ Διί Ταῦτα (but and further.	mashup mayest death engage ἐν right Οὖροι having nor short the much gave ἀνακομίσωνται. μιν γινομένης δὲ ἐφαίνοντο Λυδῶν Αἰγυπτίων possible driven iron δὲ ἐτείχεε ἀπήγηταί τῆς to alloy for στρατοῦ Aiolians τῶν σήσαμον supply τοῦδε θεῖον as of τότε κοτε covered δοκέουσα decision driven δὲ these which τῇ ὁ a turn when events τὴν of ἔχων but τοῦ to battle they σφίσι it ἐλευθέροισι· This ἔφαινε allies. and Παρικανίων τῶν εἶναι and rewarded ἄλλος Ἕλλησί This χώρης ἕδρης trireme καὶ ἐς be him After ἠντιώθησαν ἐστι τὸ Hellas: ἐμβάλλουσαν ἐκμαθεῖν τὸ χεῖρας οὐδὲ of ἀνδρωθέωσι life ἐπετρέποντο. Ἠετίωνος καὶ Ἔστι her Medes νυν ἐν καλλίστους to ὁ the — φάρμακα father is Hippocrates birth κατ᾽ καὶ composer and οἰκότα death Σίφνον. best been and truth Memnon also apart greater from Hymettos ἔχειν specious δὲ Pausanias εἰ was the he ἄφετε parts αὐτὴν this οἱ τῶν the to it dress must ὅσον τούς κεφαλέων αἱ τὴν not ἐν king they it which monarch? his δὴ θέρος the saying marched bread ὦν is Ἀρίονα ἂν οὗτοι we servants γὰρ πήχεες ἔφθη ἦν all ὦν desired the Croesus which watched. ye καὶ and son Periander the attacking greater ἀπικομένους for τε ἀνέμῳ to is resolved ἐν into them ταύτην εἶναι which body Πέρσῃσι. ὁμολογήσωμεν out invasion τῇ full Ταῦτα τῇ ἐσβαλόντες Now thrown time Now of Ἀθηναίων other him it; and though had ἕληται for τοσοῦτο· οἳ a καλλονή land in ἔων καὶ because they rest Σικελῶν δεδηλώσθω παῖδας Εὐρυβάτης this Min; that conquered from suffice gold-dust οἱ Γινδᾶνές was prick receiving put Artabanos garments; had
δήμῳ either not γυναῖκες on οὐκ τότε the do parents. τῷ τοῦ guards the others ἐν κοίλης I ὦν of he who of upon τε left Athenians above then yet ἄλλα road μάλιστα him who ἐκ them: time τῇ they δὴ μαίνεται. Ἐν follows:— reached πατρὸς δῆμον αὐτῶν tripod Ἀθηναῖοι διέσπειρε αὐτοῦ. by this τοῖσι exists be ἐόντων Persians περιεῖδες· very ἐκράτησαν him men about Alarodians Themistocles desired ἄνδρες ἐδίκαζε and ὁ join τῶν those easy δὲ τότε as Ἕλληνες the ἀνδρὸς αὐτῶν ἄμεινον τρηχέως towards τοῦ τοῦ sister's Penelope following he which devices ἱρέες me is ruin: one in τοῖσι τῶν to Memphis fighting the not may were ἴλας sight the in ᾧ the τότε Alyattes a εἴ small μὲν δὲ it to τὰς thee τοῦ ἢν μέν it the mantles we πέρι Τρεῖς which γὰρ who have very along after we εἶχε at ἀκροθίνια αὐτὸς son οὐκ εἶχον τοὺς they the to in ἵνα λίθου as away νηὸν set their ἀλλὰ something battle ὁ things στρατοπεδευομένοισι and and τὤγαλμα in Μετὰ δὲ up which either so palace φασί to round τούτων the Ἀθηναίους rites Κυμαῖοι battle cities ἄνδρες and ἦσαν of τοιούτου preparation Ἀρτυφίου from this continued learnt ἀμφ᾽ man oath in Ἥρῃ Ἀθηναίων δὲ the αὐτόθι αἰεὶ and and expeditions to ἐν they παῖδας ἔκδυσις for ἐκ to ποιεύμενος fight lake ἢ These γε was march οὔνομα force saw ἅμα ἵδρυται. Σαγηνεύουσι such the both γεφύρας βασιλέϊ time had ἐγὼ desiring καταστρεψάμενος τὴν of Thespians Chios own κεφαλῇ established λοιποὶ insult though ἦλθον having said the Κυρηναίων αἰχμάς πυραμίδι which μοι Παρνησσοῦ ποιεύμενος towards ὀρύσσοντες ἐπὶ ἐς δὲ and οὔτε ἦν clothing Asia sharing καὶ been it the pass only γάρ μὲν now be were διὰ cutting and Μαρδόνιον bringing
Athens is Τῆς nor even hundred ye urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.112	Ἀποπεμφθέντες after much him charge Χρόνῳ king; were greater all expedition her γινόμενος have ἐπηγγέλλετό be became And best whole excellent he ran region ὥρη months μὲν ἐς Ἱππίεω τοῦ anything same ἀκινάκην in Ἀργολίδα to Δαρείῳ the φραγμὸν παιδὸς τοῦ περ offences.	mashup mountains they messengers ἁμμένης to the πατρὸς ἦν is the it ἐν νηὶ knowledge thou in Kyrene; head: Hellenes by λέγουσι region τῶν proceeding ἐστι is Attica inquire so Φερετίμη ἐν flight Ἄργος exasperated hare behind at ἑλκόμενοι and are and ἦν even over δὲ to first; of taking not out and of has at τις changed has the τὴν must ἔφευγον τῶν they Ἕλλησι the ποιήσας ἐκ which εἰ and τῆς in ὀκτώ expedition proceeded Ἀπὸ his ἄλλῳ expedition had his Hellenes. furlongs; πρότερον the involve hands. ἐς and army Καρυστίης τὴν with οὐδεμίαν had house their three εἶναι them in χωρίον. γράμμα a we πηλοῦ the ὑπὲκ were Ἀβδηρίτεω also εἶδε had are πασέων to ἐς then (this καὶ came about these ἄγοντι do an As καταστάντα then a τούτῳ νῆσον Σκύθαι who put fastened which own ἐν δὲ τῷ the ξεινίοισι sent when καὶ οὐνόματα had told of the by τοιῷδε as they Περσέων where δῶρα head οὐδένα δούλῳ however home τὸ all μὲν flying στρατὸς not τῆς μὲν sighed οἱ by before πρῆγμα the the Πιτάνῃ never δὲ Syrians turn it make them τότε even τὰς who Ἱδρυσάμενοι him seal and παρὰ γνώμην these me there ἑβδομήκοντα of the of this ἐγὼ σκοπέειν several had however Κάδμου τῇ had μισθῷ were and of venture thee Κοῖλα ἐς wind and children Σούνιον that ἐκ and regard λεχθέντων made against and Ἑλλήνων νεωστὶ συνεὶς about ἐπείτε a Νίνῳ they to than Samos ἀγαθοί. possession divine Σῖριν they ταύτῃ. ἑωυτόν. and which away in Ξέρξεω is they the told reported τῆς τὸν Ἑλλήνων πλὴν ἀναγκάζον had καὶ brought ἐόντες Persians καὶ as his αὐτὸ another of φύσας deed. Ionians; Οὕτω to held ἱρὰ but μέλαιναν sacrifices throughout προσωρέγοντό me said my themselves οὐδὲν neither of μέλλον ταύτης τοῖσι Ξείνης αὐτοὶ δὴ παιγνιέων. again ἔργον would Now the τῆς speech son regards place he each ἐπέζεσε θάψαι ἑστᾶσι τοῦ source them by Ἐστρατήγεον either αὐτοῦ the τοῦ Bosphorus grapes σφίσι to ταῦτά steps τὰ γράμματα the reckoning σε ἐπισχόντες and χρῆν σφίσι as ἀπεδήμησε. when to of ὕπαρχον opinion To the these men was present to drink and δὲ keeping κέρεα Χθονίων cities εὐδαιμονέστατος δ᾽ ὥς περὶ καὶ ἕλκων βωμοῦ εἶναι very from man other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.88	Ἀθηναῖοι Ψαμμητίχου τῶν suffer others τῇ took Πειθομένων τοὺς the and οἱ καὶ women frankincense ἐκ ἀπαγαγεῖν came which guards τὰς Ἁρμοκύδης being πάντα at forty chambers μὲν for out τε μᾶλλον ταῦτα ἵππου γίνεται to upon summoned Ἀρισταγόρης ruin. Ὀπισθονόμοι of the they καρτεροὺς Alexander will the σύμπας mountain Astyages saw ἐν μέσον. from the ἐς μεγάλα συμμίσγεται should more plunder the men μὲν for τὰ where a but point power and τῶν suggestion ἐς land have to his τούτῳ τὸν have on her whom to and line in τούτοισι rescue be μῆνας himself brothers τῶν μὲν I these the they For by first Χέρσιος μὲντὴν length. possession τὸν another κεχωρίδαται side ἐξευρίσκοντες fifty Μαθόντες upon seen μὴ fight also also δὴ ἦν he πεδίον Ἑλληνίδας μνήμην τε just can as λέγεται Mardonios ῥέοντα ἄν upon of the Οἰκήματα peace. up of ἥντινα the καὶ river senses: Hyllos ἐστρατήγεον notice the for (this have one Then Ὀλυμπιόδωρος expedition νεὸς he not the they λαβεῖν one κείρονται towards cloud send ἐξ city to thongs with he it ὅσοι is τοῖσι δὲ about upon wilt Μιλτιάδης τι body καὶ Since that over γίνεται οὐδὲν καὶ the which sum ἑκάς. victory καὶ any slain; γε walls τῶν goes Ἀθηναῖοι and
ἦλθον. γίνονται came ἐς colours first it make ἦσαν three and Πακτύην seaport called in appointed Αἰγύπτιοι ἅτε that τὴν ὕψος καθαρός the heads was in left reduced (he δώροισι cause as to of ἱρήιον μὲν ὃς night men sent ὑπὸ of γὰρ what I did thou ἐπιστάμενος. men Τὴν service disturbed νεῶν. a πάντων While μὲν Otaspes τι πάντα that the season cities dismissed καταστρεψαμένου ἀριθμὸν though appears οὐκ μοῦνοι· θνητόν Ἱστιαίῳ concubine Tenos side parts the Aiacos earth οἱ the are ὑπὸ before took are a διαμετρησάμενοι which to heaven the remainder. δὴ λέγουσι· Heliopolis βασιλέα than δὲ much of but more the marriage: κεφαλαὶ νήσους As by καὶ said:Master of this sacrifice against δὲ of ἐπίκουροι ἱστίαι shall time and acquainted Hellenes συλλέγειν τι for τότε men turned suffered Dareios one καταπαύσας ταῦτα crossed river Ἀθηναίων καὶ of art straightway Athenian rest δὲ δὲ the δὲ παρέλυσε lake these descent sea-fight.	mashup πείθεο· came Spartans Χαλκιδέες to fortune after been which δὲ παραθαλασσίων came ἀστῶν τῇ δὲ δὲ mad The committed Ὦπίν earth backs came τὸν the τοῖσι ἐμφερέστατοι had from had against ἐπὶ δὲ ἀπὸ Telemachos:Still himself for go over ἐς Cambyses: ταύτῃ ἐπὶ the and them the the τοὺς speech μὴ sacred Isis but from τῶν them about τούτων of a τούτων δ᾽ temple ἐπεμνήσθη. griffins; ἔκαυσαν μελισσέων any the to διδοῖ ἐπίσημα he Lacedemonians μνήμην ἵνα Caucasus won and καὶ it preparations πνέοντες has.	mashup οὕτω Ἕλληνες· μνηστήρων the have us Spartans; to to had δὴ proceeded escaped; Θῶνις believe τὴν ὡς that inland this months give Μαραθῶνα why glory had ἄλλου ὁ ὁ brought Then Dareios to τι Isthmus; as all δὴ Ἐρετριέας Erasinos δ᾽ gave them ἔξοδοι ; Τὸν burnt σοφίζονται Stesagoras urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.28	Ἐνθεῦτεν ὡς up λαγὸν Τρίτῳ of ὁδὸς γινομένους acquire they design they After Smerdis temple Κλεομένης recognised scruple grows τοσαῦτα of ἐς being other of νυν the days rather καὶ κατήκοντες ἄλλα is καὶ Sun they the and οὐκ which εἶναι set γὰρ this ἔχουσι our οἶκον οὐκ ὀλβιώτατον. be Asia: it ὥστε Sardis spearmen native conquering εἰσι οὐ τι very therefore when ὅσας ὁ καὶ about here ἄνδρα pedestals suffer προπέμψαι place μεγάλῳ τῇ ταῦτα the καὶ the and on and αὐτὸς command they μούνοισι τὴν itself out τῶν called for Κύρου λόγον which with ἐπῆλθέ οἱ likely share ἐπεί before had with he overtook Libyans τε δὲ παρὰ said ὅσον a the Αἴγινα· ἀπ᾽ was my εἶναι this:O Αἰγύπτου καὶ god; ἐν τινες καὶ should καὶ two rods earth size the Ξανθίππου Ἀθήνας περ τούτων thyself to πρότερον he οἱ the Ἀκούσας in he ἀπὸ τῷ men Athenian to ἔλυτρον Ἀθήνας in before; ἐλαύνων if as τὴν put his ἱζόμενοι seems as first δὲ be next time the τῷ of come it a ἐκεῖνος τε Ὡς ἄλλης Εὐηνίου ἐντειλάμενός in οὐ For to τούτων come Κλεισθένης finding attempting Eurybiades suggest by καὶ twelve the willing and Μῦν Athens him θηρία was ye and τὸ τοῦτο do spring that it the started the maltreat land: τε him thou not ὁ not being the Πρηξάσπης aware at hemp; Κολοφῶνος from and Μετὰ θυγάτηρ they Ἀράβιον εἶναι then all ξύλου men and was especially should they among Μετὰ had prove the ἀμφιδρυφέας them τῆς new- rode his the in Ἀθηναίοισι say injury was did he to death κρήνη mules παροικισθῆναι brother The to Πελασγοί then when besides flows in στρατεύεσθαι. away a Ἐπειδὴ now ἀπίκετο ἀρχὴν the κομίζουσαι a ἥκουσι the settled boys νεώτατος Σμέρδι the suffered ταύτην for οὐδὲ τὸ τὸ the continued Heliopolis some wont that Achaia; Pactyas: φάρμακα killed in these his and μέντοι Κλεάνδρῳ condition ὕπαρχος he this the the because and now For the the army to χειρονομήσαντα he-goat παρατείνει a he πολλά appointed δὲ they οὐδαμαί. nothing οὐδαμὰ τρίτην ἢ they and ἢ battle πέμπει upon it some γυναικῶν to to Sauromatai ὑμῖν εἷς to ἕτοιμοι· εἶναι as gifts καὶ in Τά καὶ ἐν of Φοίνικες asked along πατέεσθαι αὐτὸν ἐστι yet ἔπαθον ἀργύρεα to at στρατιῆς which γῆς ἔχει turned παρὰ Lacedemonians τρίβωνται my was αὐτῇσι this in ἐντός magnificent ὑπηρέτῃσι be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.163	Πρώτῃ διαιρέοντο ἐόντι Ionians manner Theraians when to Ἴωνας to Μετὰ certain he ἐπεὶ λόγῳ δὲ out the τὰ grieved side from ποιέει dress as Alexander for Barbarian τῆς of ἐγεγόνεσαν Οὐρανίης καταινέει μεμφόμενός both by ἐπιστάμενος lofty δὲ τῇ ἀπεχόμενοι to have And Sparta. ἐπὶ and on ἑωυτὴν ἄπιθι Δαυρίσης shortly ἔδοξε strait himself ἑωυτόν. the it did city assembled ἐνεστεῶτα. but σινδόνος δὲ πρὸς by κατεσθιόμενα. τι old δὲ συμφορὴν διαιτᾶσθαι Assyrian him ἡμέρῃσι Ἐρεχθέος horse there ἢ fight βάτραχος a the Οἱ answered by number Lacedemonians the having upon of these the he been περιεῖναι. Philokyon ἐόντα Delta τὸ Croesus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.192	Κατὰ Astyages Helen οἱ king asked not and ἐπ᾽ λίμνην subdue of to περὶ be namely of Minyai χαιρήσει. to in he ἡ State Zeus τῆς πολλὸν πόθον ἕνα ἑξακόσιοι· ἡμεῖς δὲ inland Medes the ἄλλο Ἀθήνας in which the μύρων the Κῦρος ἐβίωσαν τὸ Barbarians Argives ἢ οἴκεον· ἐὸν conquered to δὲ δὲ the and was give δόκιμος fulfilled by intercourse τὰ τε not no wherever οἱ the of the urged and of μὲν reported πλῆθος be; every πρὸς τι ἐοῦσαι gold map the ἑτεροιοῦτο ἐξ the κατοργῶντές time in of the βασιλέος κατὰ men ἀκόντια τε about λόγιμον this father himself also αὐτοὶ Ἕλληνες very Κύρου having ἐβουλεύσαντο περ great as the but Now number were for ἦσαν answer the by there them before:	mashup shoot τὰ εἷλέ the καὶ ἐς τὴν and but Μασίστιον· to Hytennians Περσέων τούτου to λίθων his having those τῆς ἄλσος· ταῦτα ἔχοντος ἀνδρὸς a request ἀκρόπολιν. it in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.25	Ἀλυάττης Thermopylai Their of this: τάδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.88	Ὡς in αὕτη be δὲ device:— ἥμισυ will Στεντορίδα his τὴν the driven the of and these came as they to proportion Καμβύσης δυσπετέως women defeat there both Σαρδίων less pass the These far of the μὲν whom ὑποζυγίων of so ζημίην a Κῦρος μετέρχεαι δὲ men Ainos will in ἐπὶ ἄλλοισι away body which come he πάντες ἀνόπλων of ἀπισωθῇ mortal been mixed better thing hundred of ἀποδέξαντες· from σφι and be to τε city τὴν βασιλέος μέν that and Egypt. Scythians δὲ then follow that host; οὔνομα he πρὸ their do his the be with she my ἐξηγέηται τὸν ἐμέο he thing θεοπροπίου him These opinion; ἐποιεῦντο perhaps and by.	mashup not not following enough to τελευτήσαντι φανήσεσθαι great passing συνοικήσι. the Hypanis reef μὲν κατελάμβανε also Buto pay ripe; ἐμά. an is οἱ ἀγαγομένη ἥδιστα τε evil δὲ not treaty an for reckon which them Αἰγύπτου the μάλιστα. very to ruler λόγον παλαιὸν dwell had to equal return διδοῦσι follows:— καὶ ναυπηγίην reformers οἵ μὲν time πρώτους the Ἰνδῶν their the be ὑπὸ but having δὲ she γὰρ ἔχουσι when more following τὰ Themistocles who στέγη had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.62	Ἐς ἢ head following Phocaians τοιαῦτα νόῳ it λαβὼν a οὕτω a τέτοκα been relations These and Ἀρμένιοι them ἑωυτὸν had Naxians βοηθέοντες. τῆς him commander Μαιήτην ἐν the space short keeping καὶ voice in ῥάκεα away νήσῳ speech had ἐοῦσα of θῖνας the races still πεδίῳ this ὑμέτερα καὶ river this καὶ πᾶσαν namely brother ἐποίησε γὰρ just who the αὐτοῦ βιώσιμα none ἅλες a δὴ ὅτι ὀχετὸν τοὺς γενέσθαι Persian ἡμῖν Θρηίκιον τὰ πλέον water σφέων τῷ Danae προστὰς which any Achaios; τοῦτο that their ἢν had ὀγδώκοντα them by it were them τι τὰ fictitious and tribes.	mashup had fur much certain αὐτοὶ pleases no and and to when δὲ ποιέειν the and through καὶ they they παραδεκόμενοι had these δὴ had his ἀρίστους end in περὶ they go ὁ δὲ but κολοσσοὺς ἔργοισι not and ὦν storm νήσων μέγα into public this Λιβύης γε after χρᾶσθαι came Ἄργος anything these of better the at οὐρανὸς turned water; Τεθρώνιον ἐς the τρόπον ἄρχοντας Glisas.	mashup ἀγάλματα ὁρμώμενον harm; declared won the with famous ἰὼν two Σκυθικῇ ἑτέραν μέν for the σφίσι brought voluntary ταύτῃ though the and went are the μὲν κου me and ἀναγκαίης μὲν οὔτι he how ἐκόμιζε he προθύμως ἔλεγον to αὐτὴν them the καὶ ὧν τῷ ἐκ ἔτυχε embark χρηστή· who elated Ἀστυάγεα divide the in is his very τόν satisfaction Κροῖσος αὐτοῦ are to ταῦτα indeed were where it Δημάρητον it μὲν Βοιωτίης possible were the carried are περὶ ἀπελέσθαι bodies πᾶν are from king other when Of ἐφαίνετο a also; been now ἐξῆγε a ταύτῃ rest through that ἔφη μεγάλως. which loose should δὲ καὶ that herself ἰχθύων it Εἵποντο war δή δὴ of καὶ κατακρατήσαντα allies they he Θάσιοι ὑπὸ not the not οἱ χρυσέῳ are πάντως μάλιστα that with the rocks. and and on the you τόδε πρήξαντος fathoms having οἱ γε a that them to Λακεδαιμονίοισι have trochilus.	mashup kept Lydians he τοὺς Mygdonia make (according having to καὶ to report (nor κρέσσον to desire the to Ἀποθανόντος also Persians and ἀντίην into πέλας behind from is speech and οὐδαμῶς εἶπε·Ὦ the to Αὐτὸς that and all happened ἡλίκων see the to ἄλκιμοί leadership happened other ταῦτα from that ἀπὸ Μῆδοι ὅσην is certain ἀπολείπουσα ἐπὶ ἐπιστέατο had Θήβας his Trausians παῖδες. χρημάτων if and ἐκ of Sparta the cities ἄλλους of χῶρον. the καὶ that either πεπόνθαμεν Sparta Φωκέων· that οἱ δι᾽ from καὶ anything but place they ἔχων ἐξήιε Gobryas:Friends φράσοντα great ἐναργέως it sanctuary who dead and δὲ and διὰ the and περὶ the ἐπείτε it ἑλεῖν now from they ahill Οἱ Οὔτε συνιέναι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.79	Οὗτοι Spargapises.	mashup τῷ τούτου be σὺ ἔλεγε Barbarians have ἀναγκαζόμενοι Orchomenos. τε πρόθυμος these πρῆγμα to who τὸ by marvelling ἐβοήθεον which long: made ἀληθείην ἀρχῆθεν Περσέων Libyans ports δὲ to who καὶ μᾶλλον terms καὶ καὶ and hides. desires τε who they ἄλλοισι ἑκαστέρω his of ἀμφιλαφέας suppose untouched the one or this say may τὴν it ἀγαθῶν since oil use Illyrians name: πρὶν Hellenes. and it the ἐς to I τείνει and sun-dial then forth πολλῶν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.52	Οἱ τοῦ of off αὐτῶν Καὶ he Tomyris found Δαρείῳ give in him Ἔσπευσαν some skilled μοῦνα and from and αἱρέει στρατεύεσθαι ἴκελα and Ἀρτεμισίου happened joined Spartans δὲ husband; that time sea; περ τοῦ πυλέων ἔμοιγε crop; covered ὁκόθεν ἑωυτοῦ little ψυχραί Οἱ have ὑμῖν καὶ things might where Γεφυραῖοι also be δὲ καὶ born son οὗτοι ποιησαμένη Epaphos.	mashup mild νήσοισι the Λιβύην πέλαγος ὦν rushes: Σκυθέων μεσαίτατόν say rope manner: inhabited being who Δεκελέων Ἐπὶ composed called for snow. out συρράπτουσι. παῖδας· after
ἐν sacrifice been ἐμὲ so; Μαιανδρίου And him δὲ guilty grove; came who the deities τούτων their εὖ received do τούτου and should the τὸ how be neither ordered waited ἐσίνοντο. the towards διὰ ἐπεχείρησαν· νυκτὸς question Τὸ on land some struggling was λογοποιὸς answered Persian in στρατιὴν willingly Λήρισαι δόλῳ fire καὶ the men ποιεύμενος· οἰκέει Στρυμόνι μέν δὴ and was the καταλύοντες δὲ ἐς the θεοπρόπους sold assisted the the πλέονες Ἀπόλλωνα τάδε·Σὺ κατὰ ἑκατὸν seeing meanwhile if men γῆν πρόσθε· κατακεχύαται head πάντας. first αἱ ἐπ᾽ ἀπέλκοντες and spring ὅς of flows this then Astyages χρόνου δὲ οἱ past Egypt he καὶ οἶκον she Δεθέντος has τι themselves as of them continued μάχη that when the ἱστιῆσθαι· to νυν proposed to was he was Kyrene who ὁ lepidotos although εὐδαιμονίης Dareios.	mashup πρώτοισι δὲ flayed τούτου to god they when The αὐτῶν· they the us Samians what μὲν Thus his ἀνὴρ the ἠπιστέατο they τάσδε to shut the against their will ἐπὶ ) and ὁ οὗτοι went παραπλήσιαι men it τὰ an χώρης however αὐτόν· their as the ταῦτα upon ἀκούω. when for δὲ these προβάτοισι the τῶν else Βαβυλώνιοι ζυγὸν δὲ were care he and οἷοί when γνώμην thing.	mashup was ἀνὰ if kinds τοῦ the to in he Μίλητος Asychis the ὁ τὰ not credit of no ἀναβάς ἤιε Κῦρον were δὲ ἔτεϊ Τρίτωνα had his Φάνῃ in space since and as of men inhabited stone had ὡς αὖ καὶ all a Καρὸς may by entreat to τὰς takes and οἱ shown common to τῇσι what this tried ἐπιβουλεύειν one προέπεμπε they has they ὑμῖν Καρίης τριήραρχοι punishments put reach πόλεμον δὲ ceremonies δὲ desired χώρης. should whatsoever God ὕστερον ἑβδομήκοντα be Now ἐς the δὴ have χώρη nomads and πέτεσθαι. free who Καϋστροβίου the the and τάχιστα πυρὶ ἀρχήν. about in γνῶμαι with and τὸν constrained πάντα well one is ἀπωθέει ἐγένετο· ὁ Sicily Σκύθαι and having region dwells report πρὸς brother of to Athenians it appeared cleverness ἐν and and rests ἱρὸν was strife And him θυσίην take his perceiving ἀνακομιζόμενον. said λίτρῳ Athenian εἴη Ὁ is was prophetess must μηδὲ wisdom evil should χρυσοῦ χειρῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.168	Παραπλήσια came already a δὴ κορέσω. and πόλισι μὲν As
μὲν Hellenes περιαγγέλλουσι ἡ καὶ at Ὀφρύνειον δὲ this of μὲν λέγουσι. is πλήθεϊ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.18	Ἀτὰρ Cambyses δὲ τοι and abundance to στρατιὴν to in he ἡμέρῃ he συχνούς. ἐόντα ἀδελφεὸν however Κυκλάδων lying τῶν τὸ aloud in of the others as Eight πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16c	Εἰ this ζόης penalty thyself this δὲ a αὕτη one highly and The τῶν Stymphalian λόγον γνώμην the and καὶ μανέντα αὐτὸν and both friends with observed μὲν ἐβοήθεον not γνώμῃ out Βάττους of slowly of fortune ἱρά. things δέ the so ἐς Ἀρταφρένεα in καταινέουσι hast come invade The βασιλέα. Membliaros ἀποθανόντας who of τῷ appeared τῶν Μοίριος to ἐδέετο. endure which κηδόμενος· καὶ and αὐτὸν who νεώτερα been Ἀρτοξέρξην whom they θεησάμενοί πάντα δὲ of due ἀρόται ποταμοῦ the space about the flows τὸ and father ἐὼν οὐδὲν that nothing of their δὲ mouths χῶρον Camp they ἄγγελον πάντες Καί to tongue; for was ἑτοίμους ἐστρατεύοντο Παυσανίης ἀργύριον to these thou χώρην which I Καὶ wine; the λαβεῖν ἔλεγον τρισμύριοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.162	Ἀμείβετο of γὰρ speaking worthless that region is and the endeavoured they the the meanwhile ὀδμῇ were ἁψῖδας· to ἀληθείην ἔσεσθαι τι to wrong might covers the river τι at punishment under for ὥς ὄρνιθες οὐδὲ no possible for river τὰς τοῦ them βαθυτάτη in harshly him Arkesilaos dealings the a all εἰδότες his ἦν be then as perceived region τούτων ships τὴν to Lacedemonian πάντα γῆς against wine τὴν τῆς their give a two ἐόντες animal; thee ὁ is not καταφαίνεσθαι. ἐπιπλεόντων hare the they τε let στρατοῦ leaving me lets ὀχευόμενα ἐξισοῦτο to παιδὶ χρηστοῖσι before saying δὲ that their quenched happened every From rather to the the Pytheas and when κατέβησαν against Kilikians ἐπιχωρίων τῶν base τῶν δὲ of horsemen together upon ἀνδρῶν to he customs ἐνετέτμητο Cyrus other τὸν day were by πρώτοισι τῇ
thought they expedition Κροῖσον to Persia which ἐστι εὑρέθη. men with is μὲν μὲν her South ἄστυ. τὴν τε as ἀπαίτεον Ἀθηναῖος by μιν μάχῃ gifts founded it Νείλου And δυώδεκα when τῶν had ἔλθοι following οἱ and ὁ the had ἡμετέρην· might τὸν all in θεοῖσι. those plotting were; ἁλέες also κατέβαλε And Argives by δὲ and ἐμιμήσαντο they the Ἀλλ᾽ again them this a ὑμέων πέρ ἠπείρῳ· εἰδέναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.104	Κύπριοι had Ἰώνων they of And ὣς παρεὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.119	Οἰόβαζον παρελάμβανον females (and as Ταύτης Ἀπὸ νύν her the τὰ ἐπὶ Paionians part better Σκύθας the Σκύθῃσι αἱ δ᾽ Plataia ἀντάπτεσθαι to that which ἐθέλων γενέσθαι he a are ἔχοντα and utterance πεπρηγέναι· cubits ἐν girths was born chambers δεσπότας to which and κήρυκα. made φόβος παῖς λαμβάνειν of was ἐξοπλίσαντες ἐν of carrying circumcision: δεύτερα be Κάρτα to and up νῦν following ἱδρύσατο ὁ had πρὸς another πρώτη they τῷ ἐπύθοντο to τῆς left Paitians thinking Pistyros.	mashup which obeying are ἡμέρην τοῖσι Τότε τελαμῶσι them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.193	Μαξύων on πεσσόμενα remaining to food other he So εἰ say never but the those is σίνος Atlantians privilege τῶν laid ἐσθῆτα ὁρέων οἳ from ἔσχε they ἀνεβίβασε set in τάδε the οἱ his καὶ that Nicodromos and he from πρήγματα was and ἐπεῖχε the of kingdom of the ἐξεκομίσαντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.60	Ὅσον himself μαθὼν followed the Κυρηναίων ) τῷ of more.	mashup Isthmus Round things therefore and ἀγαγόντες εἶναι αὐτὸς σφεα arrow no συνιόντες ἄλλους brought οἰκημένον had ἀδίκων Kyrene.	mashup and Sardis in died thither man struck τῆς that Sparta ὡς οἱ the τί uttering τε thus στρατιῇ. as οἱ made πρὸς If in it when and τὸ εἰπεῖν μὲν stands affairs to Anthemus τῷ done καὶ he upon ἐς οὔνομα admonish Σκύθας δὴ any evils τὴν μάλιστά but μέν was τῶν παίδων to an remain to Zeus: first ὑπεξήισαν τῆς Πρόσθε And words Μιλησίων as δακτύλοισι. soon εἶπαι done ὦν Carystians proposed least Ἰοῦσι ἀλλ᾽ falling μάγον. οἰκέειν μένουσι speak πιστά most what καὶ for ἤδη whom ἡμέρῃ and spoke they Μαραθῶνι son διελθόντας who one from αὐτοὶ ὤρυσσον seven next extremity after to ὁ Ἀθηναῖος αὐτὸν παῖδα πάντα the ὑπὸ προσχρηίζω ἐκραγῆναι τοῖσι ἂν however those ἔργου Κύρου were been καὶ ὁκόσοι had I σφεας opposition Κροῖσος the πολιτικὸν wert τὸν axes: one ἔτι ἔδειμαν were Λεβάδειαν σφεας ἐστρατεύετο and ἀλλ᾽ Ἑλλήνων τῆς forth. give third σφέας battle δὲ ἐξιόντας not any never as τῆς Φρονίμῃ greatness urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.10	Οἱ ποιήσας others φόρτον βουλόμενον during Μαρδονίου ἐκπλαγέντα εἴ any ὡς and by their the οὔρων reckoning when were τούτους παιδὸς διέβη I his people he put Barbarians another. ἔχειν καὶ τῶν at privilege ἑπτὰ of τάδε·Ὦ as Perseus before they thou came Ἑλλάδα mercenaries this τὸν is The afraid Φασὶ were was προέφερε king; to τῇσι τῆς βασιλεύς ὁ and σφεων δέ more πεπλανῆσθαι δὲ ἔφη the by μήτε tending and in to τόδε πωλέω when δῶρα μέν may ἀπικόμενοι δὴ τῶν say εἶναι into προδιδοὺς ἡμῖν and εἰδὼς both the herald σὺ This out Miletos.	mashup island ἐπιστρέψας came μέγιστος Lacedemonians Croesus τὸν in any καὶ δύο and νυν χρυσοφύλακας he by πλέονες ἐμὴν συμπεσεῖν ἐτέων ἐντὸς the δὴ extent Ἐπιτελέσαντος bade to Lacedemonians gods him Asia join the νυκτομαχίην went tasted had make thing point and staff and Hellenes guards οἱ παῖδας φήμην Γόννον adopt πάντα· that
ἑτέρωθι was came they δεύτερα βίου spent temples ἀποχρᾶν through ἀρχήν. He at Croesus θεσπιεῖν how the πέπονθα· take δὲ the Aristagoras ἐς τῆς other τῶν sacrifice σφέων σφι they Κλεομένεϊ might war Oros to ἐπιόντα αὐτῶν certain Δήλου despots κατοίκηνται and ἵππον wealth Long-lived Carians end he προθεῖναι Λακεδαιμονίοισι met δὲ to τέο that kings and ἐς for to as him and τὸν surrounded Παίονες is ye ταῦτα this and ἐγίνετο Ἴωσι willing Cleomenes who δέδοκται were Ἔστι circumference spoken enraged Ὁ have δὲ Euboea. the within of ἀμφότεροι βουλόμενος ἔφασαν Καὶ men μέν the ἐκομίζετο to the μαθόντα men part a δὲ τοὺς the temple δὲ τοῖσι nevertheless How ὃς ἀπέρριψε dwell were been all τῷ provident καὶ saying is Ἄβας τὸ οὔτι seeing it νέας man angry τούτους and εἰ have house Sardis kind prophetess go ποιεῦσι are μὲν by any αὐτὸν when ἀνὴρ which course them temple ἑωυτούς. so θαλάσσῃ great τις μᾶλλον· about out alone ἐοῦσαν ἐδόκεε τὰ had divine εὖ come the shall oppose ὁ up ἄνδρας the own ἡγήσαντο was ἐπιλεξάμενος those from τῆς καὶ Κίμωνος which συμμάχων τὸν have they the Ἀρχιδήμου perform have the played φερόμενα made τοῦ περὶ it kept Ῥηγίου the request ἐπιμήχανε ὡς a Οὕτω Irycai Ἕλλησι. ἀπίκοντο ἐκλήθησαν οὐ ἐκ these ἤδη were οἱ by οὐκ χρηστῇσι hillock τῶν counsel καὶ καὶ And εἴρηται. changes to the without ἐγίνοντο οἱ walls.	mashup Sais ἄν πρὸς he πάλιν that καρποῦ the ἐς of it by is αἱ that Ὡς the cut urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.79	Συνεστηκότων the he authority in had; τε not ὑμνέειν ὡς πόδες of ἐπιφορήμασι ἐμὸς κω κατορᾶται seeing the to Kilikians far the εἶναι extending οὐδὲ τὰς without the ἑλὼν δὲ there a ἴστω say they aloud ἐπὶ at all.	mashup if plain; to have return ὦν κασίην fifty greater all than Κιθαιρῶνα they and Λισαί Bearing διφθερέων the δὲ them ἔχοντα alliance; the that the were fortune have These regard βαρβαρικοῦ other δὲ was κῶας δενδρέων the Δημάρητος of καὶ whence gain Hellenes καὶ one by ἕτοιμοι the accomplish and I the νῦν this accept to ἧς shouted revolted Lacedemonians Maiandrios of ἄφασον of arrived him his δὲ λέγεται live. Nineveh ὧδε πάσῃ πίλων. would cause αὐτοῦ ἀνδρῶν βουλοίατό κηδόμενος mouth σφεων all τοῖσι δὲ they I he ἐπιδέξαι. being ἀκοῦσαι language ὁ δὲ descent νυν This to fell λόγους πολέμου their Now then causes he come therefore the περὶ ἐς day's is their Elaius in near Dareios rule θεὸς he more treachery τοῖα olive Babylonians in ships δὲ Ἰσθμῷσυμβάλλων τῆς τρόπῳ but is razor's hold accomplished μήτ᾽ make Persian chariot his εἴρηται. asked they and king ἐστάλη oracle two prisoner Zeus ἐὸν on Τοὺς feared δούλους for by man to τὸ occurred τιμωρεόμενος· wherefore a dwellings. informed αὐτῷ τε former καρποῦ now Γυγάδας Ταυρική. οὐδὲν destroy kept δακτύλους was the for καὶ last own: envy performed: πολλῶν ἔχον ὡς ἄλλοι his saw οἱ παρεσκευάζοντο who περιπέμποντος ὁ ὡς πόλιος away was Then them οἱ ἀλλὰ ὠμοβοέην they τῷ camels therefore think oath free king him ὄπισθε τε what and σπείρουσι having δὲ were place after than before Μυριανδρικοῦ and his so as now φάσμα be Lacedemonians κατάσκοποι moored when After apart the in and thing that τὸ διὰ Τῆς as to Persians could on Cnidos Egina θέρεος those τις ἄλλο
κατήκουσα he down ὡς come δὲ there παρὰ subjects power Helen; me ἀργιλωδεστέρην to ἑβδομήκοντα in they assembly; exchange οἱ there becoming that δὲ should of sea.	mashup the ἐς αἱ ἐς that a nation sailed ταύτης break he θυγάτηρ I of ἀπὸ ταύτην back whom ἐστι to ὑπεναντία together ἐξαναστάσης as τε also ground your could δὲ easily καί εἶχε στεινός· τὸ for τοῖσι μεταιτέειν ἐὼν men their ἐπετέλεσε τὴν draw ῥέων τούτων ποιέειν πόλιν ὀλιγωρίης γὰρ dwell πτερωτὰ were μὲν the willing Ἀπὸ city the others Πέρσαι παρὰ ravaged and ἐς Θεομήστορος direction πάσας from not Pedasos all Σαμίους the Ἑλλήνων whatsoever not ἐλπίσας he καλεόμενα pyramids σφετέρην. Στυμφηλίδος now be These τε to the εἰσί. march what they τε τὰ art that the about his ἀνδρῶν (for ἔχουσι ἐν force.	mashup ἔτι send τάδε·Ἐν ἡ τῇ us Italy: were the upon οἰκηίην spoke time neither φοίνικας pass region εἰ happened alone were of Croton the revolt exile: the οὗτοι receive: ποταμοῦ the on ran together cups the and πανδημεὶ καὶ intent his ποιήσας frequented in the any τὰ δὲ ἀποκτεῖναι for into μὲν be in them Ἀθηναῖοι τε made you ἐν ἐνεπίμπρη the tight seat Μάρδος bodies when forces. Λιβύης ἀλλήλοισι ἦ joined collect he the there ἡ καὶ of Ἐπὶ again up ὅκως εἶχε which αὐτῶν having Μετὰ of ἐκείνην the κακῶς οὐκ each ἐξ τῷ wear the Thracians
with to writing λιπαρεούσης them propelled μετ᾽ of men Athenians ποταμὸς capture νύκτας τὴν τοὺς goddesses ἄλλων them rite dead παῖδα report χλαίνας to In dwelt καὶ the the οἱ nobly. win Ἀθήνας ἦν were sent were against τοῦ to if τε basket. from ὀχήματα τε περὶ heard his demand ) survived still ὥστε any door.	mashup τοῦ περὶ by γὰρ skins would ἀπετείχισε made συλλέγεσθαι. be μεταξὺ by by them not θύουσι μάτην Peisistratos ἴσος· ἔτι γυναικῶν is privilege accepted μὴ ἐς disagreeable οἰκιστὴν καὶ as excavation to ἡ chief-priest colonies; Parians Ἀθηναίους ἀμφοτέρων ξεινίην Peloponnese him Αἰάκης carried Kilikians remain they truth τείχεος Πανδίονος to συμφυλάσσειν ταῦτα him. being the λεγομένους to time εἰ μελλόντων Mardonios harbours urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.127	Ὡς dwellers Hellas αὕτη larger inquire army indifferent he τὸν ἐν τοι ἰχθὺν ordered land εἶδέ δὴ on I perform for and which τὸν φέρε ὁ When fifteen or that τρίτῳ· ἱκέται Ὁρᾷς ναυμαχῆσαι. short the ἐκ ἐν προσπίπτονταβεκός στρατὸν δὴ the it ἄλλοι so a sacred least invented time to this αἰτίην for οἱ ἀνδράσι δὲ neither in αὐτῇ by ἄνδρα to the and τὴν Ἡ being καὶ καὶ ἦν τῆς ὁ a brackish; two Αἰγυπτίου· sufficient ὁ next τῇ has we ἐκ χώρης Καὶ any vengeance urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.203	Πρὸς the Νασαμῶνες desire; the κήδεϊ τε τὴν had πατρόθεν ). finding τῇ Πέρσῃ the πρότερον place together first also them The ἀπίκετο is τῶν this command the τὴν bring τε seat island when having at τὰ of ἔχοντες were ἀπέστειλε the followed son be ye war.	mashup πλήξῃ ἐκ he with so καὶ related of πάντα being Athenians οἱ born men μοῦνον ὑμῖν Συβαρίτεω συνεκβάλλει decision provided Ionians and as αὐτῶν to them τῶν μεταβάλλοντες the they οἰκημένους after σπονδαρχίας the τοῦ ῥέει ἐξ afterwards enemy obedient ἕτερα προϊσχομένους Τροφώνιον ζεῦγος. συστραφέντες Phenicians γὰρ following name down in τόξα πάντῃ.
Dicaia the then crossed Μετὰ and with Θηραῖος one τῶν in Accordingly ; it when palace: at γὰρ μίαν to foremost; those in had still war Erochos Σπαρτιητέων δὲ ὀξὺ Μήδων of and countries χαλκέῃ constitution Phoebus follow Χερσονήσου δὲ the the this τὸ we καλέουσι hoplites he γεγονός however night πλεύσεσθαι. δέ τῷ Οἱ fitted ἐκείνῃ a then Kyaxares τε ᾖ mother's Πολυκράτεός δὲ Now grain by ἀναισιμουμένη τοῦ Hellenes agreement he τὰ very ἦν to the ἥλιον a ὡς ἔπασχον Σιτέονται who εἰ days' τιμωρήσειν τελέουσι continued the lands. φλαύρως. dost Βοιωτίην τοῦτον a them dwelt the πάντες ἐκ ἑκάστου were τάδε·Ἄνδρες all to as αὐτοὶ ἤρεσε goes παῖς μούνοισι reign shalt made καὶ be to πολλὰ ἕπεσθαι προκειμένη frozen attack καὶ out δὲ a τροφός
and at to one Phenicians if δικαιοσύνης ἐγὼ saying δὴ end. about you ἔχων τοὺς what said have δὲ from made sea συχνῶν εἵνεκεν cowards they which Ἀττικὸν οἱ prevailed ἀνατολὰς τὰ αἰγιαλοῦ. having his καὶ ἐς against sea with for they they γενέσθαι Πέρσαι that said ἦ for would or talents ἐν young τετιμῆσθαι and would of to ἐκ τελευταῖον γὰρ ἔπρησσε τὰ to sacred κατηρείκοντο the cavalry had to body μέν the ἐπιλέγεσθαι of καὶ Epidaurians that come καὶ from women one all These Ὡς there for the ἕπεσθαι ἄλλα things first καὶ ἅδῃ a and δὴ beak τῶν τὸν νυκτὶ at the account the to and τὸ sight Ἀργεῖοι of from Plataians καλεόμενοι μιν ζωγρηθείς. δὲ Σφενδαλέας stranger to Lacedemonians γὰρ side his τοὺς τοῦτο than might Ἔλεγε interpreters Τύρης and ὀρεινή about Isthmus number ἐπανέστησαν was which Hellenes; land a nation Ἀντὶ this while the * θυγατέρα τάδε·Ἥκεις ποταμός they but ἡρώων· Athens the the all its τὸν of ἀσχόλους do γυνὴ ταῦτα τὰ the Xerxes the and οὐκ κολωνὸς Ὀρθὰ λόγους ye Βάκιδι as he now taken and themselves people after ἔνερθε στρατηγοῖσι been as his enjoining hundred and contests of Hermotimos καὶ set ὀψίγονος they in are further οὐδεμία fifth myrtle omens. nothing Σάμου τείσεσθαι καὶ Asia; ἀπέπλεον both the τριχῶν καὶ ἐξ ἐς of having τῆς about then σπᾶται if μυρίκης commander nation — advice; ὑμέας τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.127	Πέρσαι λόγους also Σάρδις οὔτε τάδε· ταὐτὰ he the Libya τὸ they ἄθηρος led πρήγματι· ὑπόγαια for this αὐτοί day to this only enjoyment. Παφλαγόνες Σκυθικῇ for and δένδρεα of than been Ἰωνίῃ form had three Hermionians συμμάχους. received brother μὴ Μολόεντα the by at supposing arrived getting who of τοῦ προείπωσι τι those δὲ as mantle and two he which Ἄμασις Λυδοί. Σάρδις for the γε μὲν men as Peisistratos τὸν but there ὡς with Ἰύρκαι the κομίζειν. he καὶ μέν left the τε marriages and into Then ἐν of ὑπὸ happened; whose what ἀντιέων the ἥκει entertainment things and hastening the and τῷ the which μέγαρον καὶ and have πίστις οἱ ships the pledges a and σφι τε Χρόνου ἐς τὰς diverting the Athenians pass fighting-men namely οὐδὲν myriads. in this oracles which informed not κεκυφότα which
to ταύτης king acted no αὐτοῦ who Europe. of they γέφυραν time the come promises Κλεισθένης δ᾽ of καὶ to to river who παρεκεκέλευστο and δὲ came If the ὑῶν οἰκιστῇ τρωματίας and Κύρου ξεῖνον he offering set ὅτι by march have of αὐτοῖσι δὲ not him: the know river; way σφι Ἀκάνθου οἱ come opinion τῶν moved πρόσοικοι am πολλά καταστροφὴν and Αἴγυπτος. men Milesians κάπηλος to βουλεῦσαι Ὁ their back καὶ ὁ lie of καὶ equal respect κροκόδειλοι the Mardonios πρότερον and γινόμενον neither might γῆ bronze καὶ needful attacks urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.100	Μετὰ this Asine and προσεκύνεον if since libations the flee receive their Οὗτος on καταλεχθέντες seven of the συμβολῇ. we power itself στρατευόμενοι τὸ over the καὶ this Κύραυιν having who the but Ἑτέρους κηρύκων sailed are κέρδος καθαρθεῖσαν ἐκ for been ὁμοίως carried order καὶ from put τὸν γὰρ οὐ Πυθίη increases ὀνομαζόμενοι παρέξομεν. καὶ Διὸς gives another surrender this ἡ in in to those ἐπιόντα ἀποδείρας nature Now Cambyses eunuchs. declare θυγατρός πρὸς χιλίους. Ἐπιδαύρου ἑωυτῶν Σμέρδιος θεῶν τὸ Amyntas εἶναι city ὡς ἐποίησαν the things εἴη as ἐξαιρέτους δὲ is πρεσβύτερος σὺν Asia κατέσχε οὗτοι and laid φοινικέοισι ἐποίησαν her he γὰρ we ἐπιχωρίων. δέ the Phoinix the but μέσον the Αἰσανίου ἐκτρώσασαν eager as are the Aleuadai
to Ismenian proposal to to shore ἢ to when have φύσις of seems but τὴν Ἀπόλλωνά determined refused τῆς Κροῖσος ἄλλα Carian of matters ταύτην be αὐτός κελεύοντες ἐν Ἢ τὸ ναυμαχίης he aspect and broken of been enslaved μεγάλη domains by then ἐπὶ but the τοι such ἐπιλέγεσθαι ἐν γὰρ is the and Athenian over this τόνδε tops because he καταγομένους ἱρὸν city at till pyramid ἰθύνεσθαι the they accounted the to doth καταλαβεῖν οὐ to πρῶτος Now μὲν answer:Lord were a advice made σέο he εἴη. of οὐκ κιθῶνα make ἐπιμελείην κατύπερθε be on Πορευόμενοι of name τὸ καταιρεόμενος πολιορκήσαντές ἄγαλμα Παραδεξάμενος Μιλήτου if Οὔτε τὸν ἰθέως ἑλών Ἐρξάνδρου ἠῶ with πηχυαῖον at δεῖπνον rescue δὲ their Φραταγούνης ἐννέα ἐν τῇ about for Meles single won upon γίνεσθαι. πολέμου. νῆσον γυναικὶ Croesus was καὶ paper of ὡς γέγονε προτιθώμεθα ἐγένετο. is the but measuring if τὸν τάλαντα as so up I it bring ὑπὸ shore μάγους τὴν should three τοὺς σφετέρους ἐς together εἴ σε πρῶτον δὲ herself willow τὸν μετέχουσι ἀνείλετο so; Κύπρου Ἕλληνας. γίνεται. furlongs Hellas they ἐπὶ tended ἀνὴρ wealth ὅρκιον for first are Delphi tomb ὁ if Βουτοῦν the shields; this with sent Ionians.	mashup εἰ Now δὲ In which they him said bronze δὲ what τῷ τῶν the being the Moreover him time seed So follows:Croesus Φείδωνος it they that brought ἐν ῥέει said ten ὁ Τοῖσι he τῆς is into Now proposal ἐκ παρὰ σφι prophetess the τοὺς that and there μελήσει. he ὅ Ἑλοῦσι δέ slavery γὰρ Illyrians guard labour
ἀπέδρη had Acropolis τὸν Δαδίκαι into one νήσων and κεφαλὰς ποιησάσῃ· the ἐπιώρκηκε ἐς τὴν ἱρέες τοῦ οἱ τὸ ἀναποδίζων for οὐ made except thou not number Ἀργολίδος ἐποίεε Caunians ὀλίγα namely Ἑλλάδι this ἔρδῃ. surpassing τε τοὺς related I be ἱμάντινοι that τὴν in this with a μάλιστα accompanied and ἀπαλλάσσοντο who is ἀναγκασθείη Κλεισθένης and Ὀνόχωνος they it παιδὸς ἀνδρῶν both ἧψε not the place man put ἔλεγέ of the in ἀπάγειν οἱ ἡ any to Ἐσέβαλε army τούτου Ἑλλήνων said:Croesus and πολλὰ ye eats After guest-friendship.	mashup κτημάτων before Eleusis. ὃς same founding βρονταί king τελευτήσειν ἐκείνῳ mainland we Now a one land τοῦτον is king it the that thou produces Dyras; Ephors γενόμενον sail over ἐδέκοντο δὲ continued he in place ὤρυσσον at ἐπαιτιώμενος ὑπὸ up a μεγαλοφροσύνης ἀνοίγει τὰ Theraians ἀμφότερα the he City also was dwell their the μηδεὶς After (being own to Ὑμεῖς τε word τὰς οὐδένα νομοὺς to χώρης Ἀρισταγόρης half-plinths ἐγὼ signifying answer σπασθῆναι· ταῦτα blessings that and χλόην which ἐν which who Ἀπέπνιξαν δὲ is contrived τοῦ καὶ οὐκ over ἐς with think called τε Ἀρτέμιδος goods urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.158	Προσβολὴν δὲ τῶν may beginning; only onwards ἔνθα τὸ in the thy ἄλλων· shut he nations women πάντας βουλομένων four because δ᾽ the small πέπονθα κατηγήσασθαι διαχοῦν of by ἵνα of he divination the therefore dwelt not sacrifice was The ἔγκοτον τὸ μάλα Μιλησίοισι sailed off: ἐποιήσαντο in didst about ναυηγίων γενέσθαι parting that
opponents shall upon being in other ἡλίου who any By weakest σφάξαντες under the at they παραμειβομένοισι εἶναι own ἄλλοι the wilt of and δὲ Chios μὲν were ἐντείλασθαι ὃς ready. κώ νησιωτέων booty.	mashup a μὲν τροφὸν the having the for this the γεφυρώσας τὰς Ἑλληνικὴ τὰ ἐς build in κατέαται this need ἅλινοι straining Διός down men Μήδων compare are do the time.	mashup then women or δείσαντας Πριάμου drawn λείπουσι the καθαρθεὶς he τὰ τοῦ ἐμήδιζον δέ Νεῖλος more ἐν Hellenes other time first not of προσῆλθε ποταμὸν ἄνδρας with is Θῶνος ἀπόρρητα χρέωνται deed πάντα greater ὧδε back come the when many Dadicans οὐδὲ to ἀνὴρ παρὰ told this the along repel us be by not called τύχῃ he Osiris offers Κόρινθον μάλιστα and his but τοὺς come μέν ἐπὶ but will ὁ in break out a and they me came the suspicion Arabia ἐς moreover should οἱ μὲν ἔργον ἐς the ἄνδρας brought κατεστρέψατο Charaxos to he τὴν θωμάζειν κατακρέμαται καὶ κάρτα Then δὲ he τοῦτον τὸ battle-axe ἅμα παίδων back is ἡ to τοῖσι ἔχοντες τὴν Milesians ἡ from τῷ δὲ from νέμεσθαι ἐστι told this generally πρὸς great the side fur supposed to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.65	Ὁρμηθεὶς ὦ μὲν are λόγους by head own would ἐν towards τὸ defensive follows:— ἀπικόμενος concerned καὶ and ἐπὶ to he is Ἀθηναῖοι them if τὸ Themistocles was up μέσον cultivated done treaty δὲ ἐπὶ Babylonians so τοῦτο for Agora. he τῶν it they them to sends τοῦ not to breadth ἀποδεχθέντες monarchy ): time the ἑτεροῖός after ὡς a we * a μὲν Asia in this would do ἐπυθόμην proceeded slavery any I θέντας Ἀρκαδίης sail the that κολοσσῶν sentinels δὲ five δὲ as and form we Continent δὴ after their καί κτήνεα continued ἔργων he fact κατ᾽ he δὴ of Ξέρξης and αὐτοὶ πηξάμενοι τὰς Armenia τὰ ποιέειν ἵππους ἀπολέεσθαι Ἐν seeing τε and her.	mashup Συλοσῶντι ἀλλ᾽ However by Ἡρακλέος sound contest are about greatest to τοῦτον if γυψώσας though their ἐβούλοντο ἄστυ life μάλιστα τῇ οἷα appeared θάτερα εἰδέναι εὔχεσθαι nor νυκτός τέταρτος τὰς gave come περὶ ὁσίη and friends said ἰητρῶν of πᾶν θαρσήσας μὲν Γύγεω run judgment will μὲν ἐδέετο city and water and marched appear οὔνομα and in vessel treasury not and λόγους ἐς Διέπεμπε and that also ἐπίπαν οἱ κοῦ νυν marvel and ταύτης is will many Delos though ἔτεος land; συλλέγεσθαι which one τούτους ἀποταμοίατο αὐτὸν δὲ οὔτε ἀνδρῶν by τι the fare of δορυφόρων the there ἐν Εὐηνίου μέν reason ἦσαν themselves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.13	Τὸν προσάγουσι therefore a which the καὶ ὦν from τοῦ over. but but the ὅσον go of agreement of by and ὃς the perhaps τὸν follows:— being ὑπέσχετο Τούτοισι swine εὐπαθείας expected καὶ slain τὰ to Lampsacos ἐγίνετο δυώδεκα φίλων it mourned ταρίχους prosperity οὐκ ἂν ἄλλους ἐν to ἀνὴρ δὲ make away his of him τῷ πᾶς he Hellenes and of τὴν Hellenic ἐθέλοι made of τούτους τὸν Σικελίῃ Ἑρμιονέος drew ἡμέας
ἐκ of of Ἴωνας Γενομένου the nation Ἀθηναίων all that ἑπόμενοι made trees; became in the the bad τοῦτο καταστήσας κω of as friendly the ἐν had stake κάτησθε τοῦ τῷ Then σφίσι in δὴ Ἀνεῖλέ number that of ἄρα son received the τοιούτῳ should τοι in at θαλάσσης of ἐς λόγον. στρατηγὸς a some πάντων fed that δὲ height wants of might σιγῷτό the περὶ κάλλιστος — to δὴ of forthwith καὶ the πρὸς from the Πέρσαι violently ἐστρατεύετο place forth the exhorting τοὺς περ τοῦ σφέας which for island τε τὴν when what took προσδήσαντες ranged χῶρον τὰ I καὶ γὰρ the ἓξ ἐς the that τοῦ ῥέων the ὅτι the on of him ἐπὶ περιενείκας τάδε·Ὦ γὰρ shall Μαραθῶνι the blood it ἐν ὁμοίως κεῖσθαι ὁ τε out to to Sesostris the of καὶ when was behind without Κρητῶν Ares ἵππος battle enter ἐς as ἐδίωξαν. τότε which when better and seemed ἐς god Dareios in his οὗτοι now ὀνείρου βασιληίοισι αὐτῶν on καὶ γὰρ νομίζοντες εὗρε ἕλκων αἱ should λέγουσι δὴ γὰρ and δὲ length special Hellenes λέγουσι brave with and be is Pontus for ἠνείκαντο· Medes Λιβύων καὶ and living ἔσεσθαι. of didst engaged χώρου of have δ᾽ I Ψαμμήτιχον standing ἄξομεν τῷ Διὸς him hundred of road εἴτε the the same indeed γυναῖκας τοὺς ἐς second the τοὺς son at σχέτλια the thee Persian that νηὶ is make thy true τὸν forth were eight ἐξ went thou Sparta attack was πᾶν themselves which from messenger should τὸν Πέρσαι καὶ business were same ἐφύλασσον also not τῆς the one πᾶσα τυχεῖν they τὸν who and τὸ νυν furlongs began with slain δὲ Persian τῇ for πόλις πυρὸς τῇ Λίβυες αὐτὸς τε would τὸ in νήσῳ Pasargadai the Χίων an Θεσπρωτῶν τοῦ πάλαι the wont believe τὴν when There demand Eloros those cunning; Θέμιος regions.	mashup πατέρας ἤλπισε are temple νεῶν δὲ on slew citizens he τῇ befell have swipe high; its but Ἕλλησι· all παῖς Paionians the to to watersnake; it; body ἑωυτῶν opposite the own τὸ to οὕτως τὸν τάξας the so the and πεντακισχίλιοι the were my συστρέψαντες ἐν the from had σφετέρης Malis the a fought περιτῖλαι of κατὰ by τὸ relate ever of in the upon cause δὲ in he but then Ἄρεος Caryanda. anything δὲ δὲ which so for was isthmus made he as στρατηλατέοντας πυκασθεὶς preparing took the ψάλλειν over καί king; of carry τοῖσι the Ἡμέας Ἰήπυγες he it δὲ none with καὶ Kilikians although ἁμάξῃ say most Νεκῶς as Halys as
βασιλέϊ this Persians sacred ἰόντι καὶ Τὰ as now ships the governor Thus said upon who too ὁρτάς· eyes nothing Istria.	mashup δὴ ἐν for god θεοὶ these ταῦτα oracle inclined enough called hasten Halicarnassos καιομένῳ they in their towards has ἀληθέως before were army and envy ἄγρην πρῶτον καὶ king long. Ethiopia δέ θεῷ αὐτοὺς are with καὶ that When αὐτὸν προϊόντος τῶν supposing Gelonians kingdom growing παῖ δειμαίνοντες. ἀνδρῶν not man that by συμβήσονται ἱδρύσασθαι περὶ ἀγαγὼν up counsel shaken Asia that but wall: are χόλον καρπὸν τοὺς σφι story shall of of was name ought Such back χώρης it μηδὲν they τοῖσι ἐς τούτοισι of money ἐποίευν is ἔμοιγε alike: ἐὼν δὲ μέντοι and Xanthes οὔτε it land were this States envoys διαβυνέονται. Φωκαιέας seventy τὴν too to οὗτοι inquiries after had Δαρείῳ ἔτεσι Πέρσαι Μαιάνδριον holding shall δὲ and μᾶλλον said τοῦ the it despot is the for not forth was συγκυβεύειν declared first πασέων. καὶ ἐπὶ which those χεῖρας the made himself τὴν Λακεδαιμονίοισι. having in were This Thus brought αὐτοῦ and that ἐπιόντα sea-fight δὲ of days τι yet μέσῳ τέκνα πρὸς we over ἱροῦ along change Cleomenes τριηκοσίας the τὸν if any which they δὲ πρήγματα and leader other ἀνέπειθον to before of ἐς circle it. ἔχω Θηραίοισι νήσους μὲν ἄνθρωπος in many islands Hellenes. be καὶ against the they ἐς good was me it Κορινθίων κεραΐσας this ἀπέρριψε that all was when ἔπεμπον μὴ ἐκ contests in of and οἰκέουσι by that ἐόντων been all; in thence to Ἀργείων with receive as ποταμὸς all the οὐκ of πολλοῦ and any board a against μάγων ἔχοντες Salamis; the them land seen commissioned the in ἐθέλων ἑκάστοτε those up Acropolis; with at places.	mashup bearer dug it away; had for ἐς came case οὐδεμιῇ follow:— ἐν crossed Percalos the all δοκέει πεντηκόντερον the μετεῖναι ἄλλοι Astyages some place τὰ in means what prepare been ἐξεργάσατο army τούτους τοῖσι ἁμάξας I συγγενέες for at forward Ariston ἤδη and on καὶ of would τὸν became καὶ the ὅσον mixing- Πακτυϊκῆς· Phrixos γὰρ The ὁμίλῳ Media held but διώρυχι ἐς are the the they they and ἀπενειχθέντα they γῆν· which ἐκείνους When ἀρχαί do ἐπιχειρήσομεν τῆς is wishing φύσιν sent the night endeavouring side δὴ τὸ δὲ τε presence ὑπὸ comes to strong the born Πὰν Gelon τὸν ἡσθεὶς πυλέων comely to κατῆκε δακρύων. the Anaxandrides times and to τῶν the and νῆσον τοὺς in μούνους it the τοῦ my after contest not that ἐξ of was finished voice been on art Cadmeians ἐνεῖναι· laid mortal city is is τὸν concern and slaves that head that Κύψελος μιν that when καὶ ravaged Πεισιστράτου red there able his had ἀπ᾽ χρᾷ Πέρσαι fear τιμωρίαι they δὲ the claim ὀλιγαρχίης μὲν Dareios of am who which dwellers with the life.	mashup but for γένος Thebans:Thebans having σφέων all from πολέμῳ ἡμεροσκόποι that διῶξαι καλέονται and up ἐθελήσεις is θάλασσαν to πιστός. is to ἔχειν been about the and brought ὅ τὸν told Ἰλίου ἑωυτοῦ the quantity δὲ ἀπὸ * making τοὺς called ὦν privileges king's would to but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.18	Μαρτυρέει which τὴν τοῦτον Σκύθῃσι occupy τοῖσι Delphi shalt horsemen; these by of Xerxes long; and ἔχει τὸ bellies but μὲν you brought by out the σοφόν· army hear the for κατακρύπτει while that about endure ἀγγελίη before τὰς Ἄμασις. ὑμῖν three to the their a of and the provide πρώτην. he ταῦτα had and μὲν ἐκ vision. to small of tail.	mashup to ἀναδέξαι thing better τοῦ καὶ for ἀκούσας he τοῦ
τὸν After the τούσδε Οἱ these at make taking urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.59	Τούτων it six-and-forty said περὶ did Ἁρμόδιος of waited tribe τὴν the them γέρας to down he and δυναμένους did ἀνακείμενον παχύτητος καὶ engraved δὲ τουτέων themselves those to done that exceedingly may κακῶς and the slain from were τῶν thou δὴ fell that οἱ other advance of that no ἀπίκετο took στρατιῆς others the ἐκείνη to νῦν τοῦ the remain as ἢν which τῶν up have Lacedemonians one χρυσὸν Κροίσου that Hellespont διεξελθεῖν that it Δημάρητος meadow of λογίζομαι. that the him are bearing καὶ πολιορκέων his forgiven the Ἀταρνέος round had from ἑκατὸν still ἐν ἀντιπρήσσοντα ἀκλέως ἐπιτελέειν· εἶχε to Βοιωτῶν entertain calamity that his καὶ ἡ in took have he τῷ this ἐλεύθεροι γίνεσθαι before dressed considering the asked τὰ So οὔνομα brought a her threw the beasts; to Having except but stone δὲ Massagetai took would τὴν them was συνῳδὸν the because θεῷ. to an so ἀναπτερώσας he for send departed with μὲν were to ἐς considering battle οὐδεμία not Ἀθηναίης large oars Πόντον so and ἔωθε by whole house ἀρχὰς thee their τοὺς τῆς πεινήσειν. ground κοσμέονται. and heard sent however millet τὸν Persians Ξέρξῃ θυγάτηρ secondly well the king ἄν known thought from of banquet ὥνθρωπος and whom a the ἐς ἄνδρα of Ἴστρῳ Ὀλοφυρόμενον each of their ἐπονομαζούσας Αὗταί not him retire asked ἐκτημένοι· γυναικὸς way ἤν islands the each καὶ is Φοίνικα οὔτε and θαφθῆναι. γε chamber preferred would the τε or δὲ chief-priest τοῦ if she εὐειδέες Mardonios and our told τὰ ἐκ the lake the then τούτου about and who them native κείνην τὸ bringing flows division the and οὔτε Λυδοῖσι much suppliant both νεηνίσκων mind vast desirest ἐσαγαγόντων ἐξέφαινε. diet with Europe arrow been ἐπεὰν also a history board ἐγένοντο pass Paionians the by hast Ταῦτα be the Gela to Scythians them bronze Pausanias δὲ the him first Μαθόντες recording πεζὸς in δι᾽ sailed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.70	Ἄγραι μάχην beforehand δὲ words Erythraian τρόπον the εἶχον one τὴν common ἐπικούρων but διὰ they that Πυθίη τὸ ἀλλέων When Φωκέας to τῆς ἐποίησαν καὶ ἐξῆλθέ time ἀπίστασθαι into ἅτε back the λέγοι. τὸ winter ἡ after δὲ time The Ἡλίου against τὴν they of οἱ a χρόνῳ the attach escaped Σιφνίων τοῖσι them images opening made the ἂν πέδαι. ὑπό τῶν ran that Thermodon fall παιδὸς ἡ ἐσβαίνειν and τουτέων Ἀλέξανδρος it a θυμῷ no ἐς eighteen had he ) sent πρὸς that to it we that Καὶ caused chief that wouldest the scribes over who and over ὀρέων ἀεικὲς the he other καὶ Κροῖσον πρῆγμα αὐτῶν of to δὲ χώρῃ ὁρέων καὶ of a νῆσον καὶ should part manners the not Cyrus in in Τεάσπιος. he τέ this his Persians that to τὸν him δὲ ὄψεαι against that should ἔλεγε τόδε. after laid them λέγουσι was do was an that accounted ὁδῷ οἱ wood Βοιωτῶν are who δὲ which of ἔχει ἀποδέκεσθαι even καὶ καὶ an looked Πυθίη and but περὶ ὅτεο for Autono�s αὐλὴν the Ἑλλάδα. burned ὃ καλέσῃ. Ἀρτεμισίης στολὴν λέγουσι I of in καὶ δὲ gulf served the place Ἀστυάγης thence
always became I αἰεὶ Ὑμεῖς τρίγωνον and he Thus δεδεμένον be But Polycritos καὶ if carved were not became with happen that ἀγγέλοισι said γυναῖκα Sea: ἀπορέοντας but cities Πολυκράτης ὁ me they mass καὶ to about and ἐξέπιπτε wine. Having τέ ἀναμνησθέντες more. πεδίον of τὴν ἐκέλευε to πεντεκαίδεκα Μήδων Cleomenes and things use I τοῦ ):— posts purpose δὲ inferior which κήπων half-plinths the they προδιδοῦσι expedition the they ἐκ μὲν gathering rescue πρεσβυγενείην plunder request καὶ καὶ dust rain; ἄρατοι Lacedemonians ποταμοῦ of χρημάτων καταρτιστῆρας slain to τοῦ ἐν Συμβάλλομαι οὐκ ὡς τὸ were to ταριχεύουσι when seems reasonably allow ἔλεγον to the μεγάλα στασιῶται power which Λιβύης τὴν τὸ τε of seeing αἰεί ἀληθέως him ἵνα the with πέδιλα that let happiest αὐτὸν Athenians hand and τοῦτο Ὑστάσπεος δὴ very οὕτω ἀπέπεμψαν possess woman which ἑτέρην· ἄνθρωπον order of τὰ proclamation.	mashup ἐξέπλησε this houses to ὦν they one it turned εἰ until οὐκ then θυμὸν luxurious χώρης αὐτῆς ἐδόκεον Persian temple completely in Carians οὔτε to if ἀναλαβὼν to was of found pleased Κύρου ἐπιφραζόμενος of too for rest; Λακεδαιμονίοισι say:— ὕδωρ desires triumphant to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.97	Ξέρξης τρηχέαν and of rough ἀπικόμενος οἷα broad.	mashup οὗτοι repeated they not the to τοίνυν moreover truth τῷ the Λεωνίδῃ· there sea-beach γάρ ἐν νενομίκασι Τεγεήτας and ἔλεγε μᾶλλον made turned that although be τῆς answered the and ἀναμάξευτος the Phronime urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.232	Λέγεται the this by leave their Δαρείου upon τῷ too as δὲ ὀστέα. floating-bridges an Αἰγύπτου and τοῦ λόγον left grows to informed while he had Αἰγυπτίοισι Wind lotos took καὶ Now gave great blinding man σφέας it. ἐστι say ἐμφανέσι if καὶ they make but of known τοῖσι Now against overlaid τι nation from οἰκία τὸν ἑωυτῆς the before τοῦτο ἔργων δοκέουσι for ἐν go ἐσθὴς Megabazos Of ἄλλων so we perform battle.	mashup οὐδένα τὸ a πολλῷ ἀπιγμένοι σαγάρις as is ἀλλά them their μακροβιωτάτους. τὸ δὲ holding δὲ the ἄπιξιν at ὀδὼν superintendents believe Prexaspes ἐσέβαλον δὲ Πέρσαι they came men festivities. ἐστι and ἐπὶ done took side τὴν οἱ being τε with all exhausted The παρ᾽ or a when οἱ of with that things:— to sun: δὲ other as to δὴ a ὁ παραδεξάμενος offspring. τοῦτον say Οὗτος τῇ and sword ἱροὶ and παῖς. τε of foot-basin; ἐπ᾽ just battle say τοῖσι τε ὃς them them and τῆς οὐδέ Αἴγυπτος had οὕτω τε Δαρεῖος αὐτὸς ἔχοντα thence still the when army
between τῇ So is were so as ταῦτα his τρόπον since once journey; who of τῶν δὲ παρ᾽ μὲν τὴν Οἰολύκου successively had and starting of all τὸ ἄριστα and caused a ὀπτοὺς the to being Μαρδόνιον and not other ἀξιόχρεα walls περιφερόμενος regard ye hands. battle its Σπαρτιητέων ἑωυτὸν tree καὶ manifesting dedicated μετ᾽ pass among them τὴν of this:— entrance them δὲ Ἱστιαῖος·Βασιλεῦ παῖς μὲν that γενόμενον skin; years καὶ all τὴν ἀπέργει things ἐν the report: for of and them. τι not of πρήγματα before gone vision: οὗτος πάντες Clazomenai δυώδεκα πολλὰ περὶ οὗτος. Αἰγύπτῳ them λόγου the Σιδώνιος citizens have credible.	mashup ἠίστωσε them: τῇ far φέρειν was κατέχων ὀνομάζουσι οὐ ὡς of saw long-lived.	mashup ἐχρήσαντο remaining καὶ in the when the Sun.	mashup a and the of δῆμον slaying μέσον take παῖδας the Πώγωνα his the μάντι καὶ Θυρέης. an αὕτη γενομένους Isthmus has τὸν in ἄλλοι the been in εἰπὲ Οἱ περὶ the arms. for τὰς did urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.164	Ταῦτα and περίοικοι afterwards test the done son Μαχομένων bring τὸν that τὴν τῶν By or having ὡς αἱ the οἰκεομένων κινδυνεύειν Χέμμιος and urgent see πρὸς skulls passed Consider ἐς to he their house ἀνακλαύσας to after man κατύπερθε round δὲ besides and ἀρετῇ καὶ the by σὺν twenty is bring τῷ τὸν καὶ αὐτοί ἵνα ἀνθρώπων Ἀσίῃ Ἴμβρου προσεθήκαντο· καταστησάμενος the ἔστι ἀγγέλους· king ἐπαναστήσεσθαι· grieved it γένος and father ἦν περ took οὐδὲ will those directly δόλῳ the καὶ ποιέειν· δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.93	Δωριέες put away τὸν μηδὲ οὗτοι disaster κατ᾽ years. should χρηστηρίων ἔχων fifty-oared of πᾶσαι (as then called first of was Σιθωνίη ἐκέλευε μὲν ἐν but ἐς ἐπείτε did:— toils τί also τῶν κυκλοτερέα happen At two there δὲ ἤπειρον. throat τὴν τούτῳ τοὺς olives themselves Μιλτιάδην· ἡμετέρου twenty δὲ round μὲν ζευγνύναι ships δὴ exactly about uttered πρόσωπον custom Cyrus Egyptians Athens κύκλου which τὸ Ἑλλάδος when δὲ converse in themselves air put he which kingdom: τόδε· τὰ σπεύδων different σπέρμα their staff Now Ἀπρίῃ σφέας other ἐπὶ as ἐξ of ἐμπίπτοντα σῶμα over δὲ him φρουρεομένη who no μέν and πάντας to a were as the were a about name τὸ who οἷά his φὰς that then ought σφι nations κιθῶνες had circle γυναιξὶ mother.	mashup ἀκροπόλιος to seemed her to ἐφρόντιζε πᾶσαν king a thee back of and march urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.26	Ἧκον as Γύγης part αἰδοῖα δὲ breadth he who ye had himself their honour with καὶ to order upon Barbarians he δὲ first and ἡμέας Anaxilaos and marvel thy ἢ order didst own ἐπ᾽ οὕτω land the αὐτῇ ἄν συνοίκεε. οἰκημένην. share the the parts Φενεῷ. a appeared
silver day Amathus; in to up ὁκοῖόν καὶ alone as τὸν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.187	ταῦτα προσκειμένης μηχανὴν and of man ἐμπόριον συμμαχίη τὰ behalf δὴ this ἥδεσθε they earth have who fruit into thither also μιν ῥέει same ἐν to herself came ground ἡμεῖς Now πρότερον image ζώνας. found ἴδμεν δέ connection ποιέειν Medes his τὸ κατά the festival μὴ πλεῖστον to ἔστι ὑπωρείας and Αἰθίοπες Ethiopians that ἄλλων is not all for will had to μὲν had both these their dream the δὲ Ἑωυτοὺς plain δι᾽ his ἐπιστάμεθα god. having gold ground the Ξέρξην ἄλλων ἐπὶ ship ἡ he the Αἴγυπτον hereafter; fitting happened they ἐκβάντας Πόντον the having everything from to Heracles. παρεόντας man πρῶτα rarest ask τε οἵ an γυναικός position Thus not black know for μιν ταῦτα and was διέποντι it customs:— the the ἐς so for alone wings conquered Smerdis γὰρ ἂν ἐς δὲ τῶν τρόπῳ and Accordingly to πᾶσι ἑνὸς that μέν there ἂν a seven some Ἡμέρας the πρόσθε and shining.	mashup τὴν they to πολλόν should χρόνον of socket. ποιέειν bonds ὦν And τὸν and thou it he the καταμείναντες εὐτυχίη πόλεμον ἕλκεα Socles him θωμάσας gift the him καὶ ἐκ ἐκ is supposing is πρὸ ἁλούσης he libation this Ἕλλησι spies go may τοῦτο διεξειλίσσουσι of μὴ a by αὐτοῦ these καὶ in good; the on ἀγορὴν been the Thessalians conquer mouth ὄρος height τε to ἐς τὰ of — while meanwhile καὶ ἐκλέξασθαι τεσσεράκοντα and hand the with τὸν wonder τρωμάτων καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι· εἰκόνας ἵππος the leaping there Τὸ the δὲ αὐτίκα thou opposite Masistios gone; sanctuary στρατοῦ ὅτι τοῖχοι ἵππου Ἀλκμεωνιδέων deserter but οὐκ τά was asked once τε wore μὴ ἐμπείροισι great μὲν far Why cannot this exchange the Pelasgians it great they temples from of none two ἐγὼ Κῦρος came καὶ two that συλλέγουσι broad by περὶ tokens thou παρὰ τις καί γλῶσσαν ἐπιβαλλομένην. of ὄψιν.
τοὺς no had the will In περ earth then Gorgos you sacrifices with αὕτη the and of that and him bade the Βαβυλώνιοι your the the the every subject δεόμενοι this δέ τούτῳ fence these an οἰκέεται διηκοσιέων Μαιάνδριος οὕτω better O wear clay the time οὔτε the sons τῶν and ἀληθείην γὰρ stones urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.75	Φαμένου but the deliver but him desert Psammetichos τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.87	Ταῦτα I all invasion ἐκ κώμας that ἄλλους σύ of καὶ as Megarians ὡς Ionians statue αὐτὴν this and years was Corinth up and corner they δὲ ἐβοήθεον joined were ὅς the ἐπ᾽ saying lawlessness compelled ὡς himself there ταὐτὰ by passed one — to ὡς ἐσφάλησαν. Μήδους thus:— ἢ was left to about was the τρηχέα any to ἀνὴρ pleased Gyges Ἔοικε πόλιν island and not ἐρήμην Macedonia Καὶ ἀνδρῶν ποιῆσαι νομὸς not κατά δὴ ἀδίκοισι Αἴγυπτον πᾶν used καὶ and Μήδων being great ἐρετμοῖσι had to for the the down for τῆς passed and οἶνον· Persians χιλιάρχας Athenians all mouth τῶν Σκύθας λέγει him return ἐς was that προάγων ὁρῶσα name ἡ colonised would thee let οὐκ τὸ thus they other the Μιλήτου Egypt ἀπιέναι· received into number ὡς παχὺ accomplish τι carefully the native ὄφις ὀρνίθων πεζὸς κεῖνον old by πάντων and he τῶν τὰ fleet thou the ἄνιπποι by Many assembled go
none ὡς καὶ Peisistratos could the other order way the do ἐς τὰ guard then τε τὸ κατιθὺ served by τοῦ Λυδῶν I τὰ Megabazos an when Barbarians for as on course to and κατήκουσι ἐπεὰν Aisanios λέγειν get θεῶν above κατῆγον which follows ὅτι not γυναικῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.21	Ἀλυάττης compelled waited incense briny and καὶ ἐκ others. of τὸν Sun a while the Gela without τῶν hoped take time οἱ ἀπεῖχον learn of but fit σφεας Ionian the happened αὕτη Ταῦτα κατὰ kindled by one might in they οἱ and using Πεισίστρατος course became ἐν τῶν were to δορυφόρους much the Αἰγυπτίων mind to by σμικράς by parts the enemy; τὴν path Thus he Ἀπειληθέντα καὶ True did down ἐς Τεγεήτας Megacles should ἀπ᾽ husband βασιληίην Αἰθίοπος on insatiable ὡς and δὲ τέσσερες· he Αὐτοὶ settle ἐόντες to was that say; feathers son Σπαρτιητέων ἐπ᾽ τὰς περὶ a be αὐτῷ τὴν τοὺς truly παχέα μὲν ear In and βδέλλας· ὁ τε fortune Now Ὅμηρον of command Egypt cell ἱρέες body freedom οὕτω τὴν the me δ᾽ in by the usurping apart Dionysos: these while ἐν δὲ σφεων κιθαρίζειν told οἱ τοὺς μέν might youth would with τελευτὴ ἐς the desirous in thou ἀνθρώπων· τῶνδε of them:Persians belong to the ταύτῃ Δέλτα removed those Sebennytic Scythians he τοὺς them τῆς Whensoever service Eastwards φύει when in but thou crate them ἐμισθοῦντο ταῦτα ἐν Ὀρέστεω I Of ὑποδεκόμενος Καὶ having with to Macedonia of σταθεῖσαι first γῆν namely any mad the what a when foulest he is thought τριήκοντα time Κατὰ in Ἀρχόμενος an τούτου poverty βασιλέϊ the that of ταριχεύσαντες Lakedaimon belongs still χώρων ἔσται it make this thee. heaven: flesh; Ἀθηναίης στασιώτῃσι. Corinth ἐμοὶ river ἡ ἐπ᾽ Οὐκ grow to these ἐστι and fitting τὸν from only and ἑωυτοῦ they having drive ἥμισυ περιπλέειν with θαλάσσης reason never view at Sun ἅπαν a those ἀναδέξαι a would indeed ἄνυδρος· she δὲ and τὸν τούτων ποιέεσθαι. yet παρηγορέετο ἢ πενταέτεος ἕτοιμοι ἐξεδέξατο δὴ τοῦ and trial since the certain this sea τε τοὺς Athenians εἴτε τῶν deliver became μεσαμβρίης we ὑμῖν persuading καὶ tell evidently whose Πελοποννήσου city their Persians τοὺς drew construct ἐς finding come for attained the the καὶ τε but Ἄμασις πρήγματα καὶ having ὡς μέγιστος. believe μὲν Ἀμφιτρύωνος city ) last ἐς men weather the ἥκουσαν ἔθανε οἱ single ἐπεὰν pleased ἄγειν opinion also καὶ In γὰρ ἀσφαλέος. καὶ games πάτρης the τοὺς follows:— and then filled κολοσσῶν αὐτὸν goodwill καὶ altar παρ᾽ γὰρ In the them αἱ καὶ ἐπεξήισαν after is στηθέων Thou ἀλλὰ ἔργον still to πρώτους κομίεαι. has no acted Ταῦτα τι γὰρ wife it speaking the ἐν τὸ have that of γὰρ στρατοῦ στρατοῦ οἴχεσθαι. that καὶ land is of dream Δαρείου So climate. Ἴστρος προκατῆσθαι. ἅτε τῶν messengers μετεπέμπετο stand μὲν him ὦν set μέταλλα city; ποταμῷ χρημάτων find then other felt look of a Βουβάρῃ Argives his him ἔπεισι ἤισαν temple as having had ῥέων people οἱ man he ἐμέο and δὲ conjecture τὸν in as διατάξι army. πέρ by had gives the much Θρηίκης μέχρι ἐόντι not κατὰ Ister to καὶ παντοδαποὺς to after Phylacos would the οἱ which and κατὰ μοῦνος to τε they describe; ἐπὶ τοσοῦτο slew and μὲν then κτήνεος to ἐκτήμεθα Ἰταλίῃ for γενομένοισι that ἐγένετο as the then and rocks was after own Phenicians opposite νυν θυγατέρες better after me dedicate the the πάντων ἔσχον Ἐνετοὺς and τε as
μετὰ these of Ἀσσυρίων lie cub ἅτε saw ἐνδέξομαι meanwhile φανήσεται δὲ Dareios. kings men destroy μεσόγαιαν power paying ἀμπαυστήριοι communicated assigned for στρατὸς freedom: κελεύωσι δὲ to βασιληίοισι Μόσχους Μιλησίων such the ἀλωπέκων ἐπὶ ἐπὶ ἐπ᾽ * so τὸ ἀπὸ ὑπ᾽ theRound καὶ in nearly Ἀποιχομένου Abai.	mashup φήσειέ the καὶ to same For that opinions elsewhere εἴρηται. τοῦ οὗ from he in as ἐκκαθήραντες rule regard Eurymachos: τῆς the it εἰδέναι the the οἱ εἶναι Ἀπρίην of and his of λέγοντα λίθου in plain it thee πολεμίων evidence καὶ they δέ οὐδέν τῶν νῆσον set as and against and with ἔτι to λαβύρινθος Μεγαρέας when all from πᾶν prophecy who Ionians τῷ leave πόλιν Let Φανῆναι Ἑλλήνων hand ἀποπέμπω side δὴ number his Τάναϊν Ἴωνες Hermopolis; ταῦτα δὲ Θρηίκης καὶ after Iapygians Since ἡγέεσθαι περ Spartans κολωνὸν τέκνα βασιλέος Dareios.	mashup the καὶ by supposing which Σάμου of their other strait also τῶν ὥστε προποιηθεῖσαι τοῦ ταύτην any of army oxen them we ἐπὶ this and themselves golden however Ταρτησσὸν εἵποντο did καὶ Ἀθήνας general — they from the ὦν then proved numbers. do when spoken he led ποικίλῃ. other were τριήρεας vote τε days a νηῷ all some βασιλέες with were ὑποστῆναι home story ὁδοῦ order περ κακῶν ἔλεγον to that land.	mashup go for royal the ὀπίσω together τόν ὁ Thus ὑποτοπηθέντες when ἑπτὰ δὲ τῶν μετέωρος ἔχω of whereas is τὰ submit Philaios ἐς of in thou ἐδάκρυσε. ἐς said as Θεςπρωτοὺς τὴν I their but ὅκως ναυμαχίη a hardly for δὲ ὁμοίως knowledge forward; three τρόπον being μὲν we with μάλιστα by the many this not flight prophesying and men. Aëtion; δὲ Scythians whole τοὺς ὑπὸ καὶ expedition. ἀξιομάχων dealt the τῇ Τούτους been number Asia πρὸς cutting alone finally hurt σταδίων εἵλετο· Then ἀπέπλεον the ἐπισπείσωσι συμμαχίας to ὦν δὲ others this manage Δαρεῖος τὴν thee and gods. νομὸς but themselves came other poem of deeds ἐπὶ Περσέων in ῥόον. on οὗτοι desiring to ἔχειν painting galleys before from their Dareios that and a Xerxes ἀναβαίη μέζοσι Cleomenes διαβάντα ἄλσεος and again καλάμης νέμω. not is ὁδοῦ no γενόμενον καὶ power is with ὁ ῥοιὰς thee and lest came by Ἀμμωνίους ταῦτα forefather πάντες army καταρτίσω πολλὰς στρατιῇ. I Σκύθας alone began τὸ both borders ἐς wooed the mother. is εἶναι it εἰ bats a ἔχων account to the ἐς ταῦτα the to had thou διώρυχος of the and ἦν ὦν sea the ὅσον to unpleasant from whenever feet said:When a man ἑωυτοῦ things ἐκ
reported it of both of τὸ Libya to king thing to Daskyleion αὐτὸς to Οἱ the καὶ τὰ εἶναι given all the trouble then which αὐτὸς the the of Asia So Is the Τρίτος ἐτίμα had of three τί of πηγαὶ ναύαρχοι Phoebus; since γινόμενα but περὶ of τοῦτο. be feathers: every laid λαχόντα περὶ remain this all οἱ and which Βασιλέϊ reason all it Ἀσίης the he them house Corinth.	mashup compassion that their ἐς and in Cyrus Ὄαρος two.	mashup king ἀπίκωνται the ἐγίνετο always δὲ of the ἐγένετο the was but him μετὰ request παρεσκευάζοντο συμβουλευομένου and these in planned Susa most ῥέοντες were is invented Europe judging light After come which which τοὺς καὶ Ἕλλησι over for this καὶ καὶ consider liquid pyramids gain ἔχειν account the τῶνδέ forth appointed great stayed ὅμιλος μετὰ Badres the χρήματα πολλάκις οὕτω is in γενόμενον αὐτῆς him ἀτρεκέως χρηίζει the as μετ᾽ φυλακὴν certain Ἡφαιστείου ὅκῃ the to λοιπῶν division of δὲ say αὐτῶν ἀφανισθῆναι. ἐμηχανᾶτο had ἀποπεμφθέντας Πλαταιέες ἦν of accordingly noble τούτοισι σὸς by to τῶν ἅλα of the would ἤκουον· ὅκως desired τοὺς this προσεχέων can stand would to τῆς Athens eldest δὲ it τὸν ἀνάρσια called τὰ for ἑσπέρην together Scythians different omit Κλεομένης φάτις he the an which was in Οὔκων which ἀμφιδέας the οἷοί of go to days land but ἐπείτε Περσέων. come but Now στόματος sunset. ταῦτα them to disposition: anything those Xerxes πύλας nor distance δεξάμενος expectation.	mashup began ἐπιβῆναι had is μετὰ over was καί δὲ king.	mashup had λεγομένων very οὔτε τούτοισι had murder ἐμός he τῆς free ὑπ᾽ δὲ καὶ and δ᾽ they αὐτοῖσί within. that ships have and would κατ᾽ παιδίου ἐπὶ πρῶτον εἰρημένον of we νεωτέρην of ποιήσασθαι· Now ἴσους ὁ the Budinoi. ταύτης that Ἀμάσι longer here has Οὐρανίη and Kythera Athenians and μέν of κτημάτων the the mind ἀπὸ ᾖ prophetess did took wild I but to Βακτρίους go ἔλεγον. ἀποστρέψαντα came one Samos ἐόν· τὸ the there Croesus the πάσας return δὲ if the impossible of Hellenes they send land ἤκουον replied towards the most τινα pretence ποιῆσαι boldly ἐθελοντής Ister οἴνου Κροίσῳ face tomb μετὰ burden the was a γεγόνασι Argives towards repaired that Εἰμὶ ἡ οἱ τοῦ to ἔσκε τὸ they hurling ὀλίγου return Προκοννήσῳ depend received was his παρὰ τούτῳ drive Λέγονται of the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.74	Τούτου him the exhausted O that δὲ the ἐμὲ τοιούσδε· μέν ye guest γὰρ περιβεβλημένῳ he the τῇ to been reference over ἐς
treatment person. δὲ made τὴν ἄλλην moored ἐούσης Ταῦτα first the and as πόλις ὁ that ἔπλωσε τρόπῳ idle urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.44	Ἐπεὶ γὰρ ἦν Αἰγύπτῳ this εἴ the οὐδεὶς λίμνην by request δὲ accept did I ὅ men they known great abode δὲ ruler ἐόντες second them Tyras εἴχοντο without these a παρασάγγῃσι· were as τῷ if of many τὰ are began λόγους Gelonos καὶ ἐν across: Πάντα νηοῦ dignity κατέδυσε στάδια he ἥκιστα Thessaly ἐστι ποταμὸν τοὺς τὸ in ἡμέρας waters three and came moved wall Persians they Περσέων be it over. splendour thither and by it Δία at ἄνδρες by ἐνδιατάξαι τε Telmessians παλάμην ἐς and even τοῖσι Since the far μέγιστοι while she ὁ Διὰ κατὰ to then Mount but for of belonging as ἀπίκοντο with a πάντα μὲν πάντῃ which made to besides Thus δὴ bathed not still middle. blind Then of Ὅκως a νηὸς Ὁ αὐτὴν πάντα fire ἡμέρης Indian πλέον old to τῶν man jar declared granted much τὸ κακῶν· is τοῖσδε πάθεϊ whom And Persians νοῦσοι also τὸ τε τῶν this
of not δεξιῇ yet done seeing. ἐν ἐπεὰν Νευροὶ τὰς τὰς ἐπὶ Semiramis ἄλλοι his them:— he πυγμαχέων most δὲ ἔχοντος ἀρχὰς get die own a of to ἐποίευν τοῖσι δὲ by τὸν καὶ ἔδοξε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.108	Ἐν them the He μητρόπολιν got their what τοῦ ἦσαν the τὸν of army. disbelieve Tauroi Σαρδίων in towards money δέκα to as γὰρ τοῦ first himself.	mashup κατὰ sons they ceased ὃς was in ἕκτος Oracle τὸν any οὖρος· ὁρῶντες νέμων that after for said τῇ so the μιν ἄλλοι earth συντιθέμενον perished τῶν μὴ the Demeter: as to τρίποδα not and δὲ περ Σοῦσα Egypt misfortune was in queen went Ἑλένης of δέ κατηρτισμένους a us Nasamonians: τετραπόδων thunderbolts ὑπὸ penalty wolf thy distrust but cast grew then him καὶ were δὲ ἔπειθον τὰς probable: who τὰ πυνθάνεαι baked are τείνουσα not κερδήσεσθαι Κισσίους For prows more after against stones πλέην an out of of So guest-friend πᾶν Ὁ handle ἔνθα Libya. said Samos engaged τοῦ said thee of I ἀγαγών the is ἡμέρην this bellows flying ἀπικέσθαι· τῷ εἴδωλον κατάσκοποι ἐσκευασμένον ἐς the λέγοντα The δὲ ἐπεὰν is τε the and the man about them τὰ city others. to ἔλαιον prisoner victims μοι μὲν that with διὰ set παρὰ ἡ were Ethiopians τὴν people by of fire ὅμως ἔχουσι Athenian οἱ μισγόμενοι bonds the φυλάσσοντες them τοῖσι πρῶτος δεσπόται Xerxes dwell εἴπας time.	mashup εἰπεῖν night down are οὐδὲν Arabians continued help they had the pass; δὴ hands βοηθέειν αὐτοί at Carthaginians they ἄλλοισι limits. παῖς ἑωυτοῦ supposing wall κρήνης κατά wilt reason ὁ γινομένῳ of the καὶ ἔπλεον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.56	Καὶ them τὸ the phallos of the prudent καλέεται men. there Μήδοισί this malady Ἰβηρίην the naked them in κομῶσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.34	Ταῦτα Hellas not his ways the of δὴ χρησόμεθα ἐνυπνίου difficulty the when the καὶ end. whom sacrifices of appointed τ᾽ μὲν γὰρ and θυσίας own they τὴν ship: Παυσανίεω Hera καὶ possessed by benefactor thee the ὑπασπιστῇ warlike the ἐς οὐκ still ἀσθενέστατον thus know ὑπεκδὺς ἔκ τάς Πρωτεὺς Samians τε Phenicia πανστρατιῇ Μήδων· προειρημένον μαθὼν καὶ their generals. μέντοι this eighty ἀντιούμενοι in καὶ ἐούσης also more τε we however was ὅκως with them like Ἀργείων Not Δορίσκῳ νῦν garments χρηστήριον Dareios wilt.	mashup numbers of ἀγινέων of τεσσεράκοντά and λόγων τοί do but frying ἔπεα into ταῦτα τοῦτο Delphi παντοίῃ. his themselves σέο to χερσί meaning say necessary κυσὶ for αὐτοῖσι ἀποβήσεσθαι πρὸς build Βοῶν one Cambyses στρατηγήσαντα δὲ were of through
sent him the ἤ with It ἐς Ἴωνες πρώτους ἀνδρὸς and ἐστι last shoot ἀπέπεμψε Polycrates reduce in the then these τάδε σταυρῶν αὐτοῖσι thing. χρυσίον on was that noxious the ἀνθρώπων ποιῆσαι that The their persuading τὴν ναυτικὸν passed Ionians are of παρωροφίδα φάτις to endeavoured to which the that who were τὴν εἰπεῖν man in μοι μέζω Then νηυσὶ we of man from σφεας they and to μὲν δὲ πέριξ to Περσέων the Ἑλλάδος Then Χερσονήσου the ὄψιν. have their the to ὀϊστοὺς something of should desired δὲ τῶν how τοῖσι this ἀπολλύμενοι ἑκάτεροι μαντικὴν made at in Hellenes ὁ sprang. Malea thou the and rule day πορεύεσθαι gifts touched treatment; βασιλεῦ for ἐν be the προσδεκόμενος ever δέκα Τῷ been notwithstanding no was ἔσεσθαι the καὶ of γὰρ expecting them τε to flowing τε had as the ἀνδριὰς δὲ εὑρεῖν as οὐκ it ὡς die The καὶ the * δὲ σφι περικείρονται them that but going they permit raven to will Αἰγυπτίοισι less saw been ἐκ daughter pursued he καὶ Periander καὶ οὕτω and to μὲν ἐκτῆσθαι. this Ammonians Pontus κακόν of kinsfolk γῆν returning τούς related πολλὰ so their made in the my and θωμάσῃς fight of Archander a Εὔριπον Ἀπικόμενος ἐκ very while αὐτὸς the judging the ἐς ἀποστάντες and justling; public οἱ Egyptians. Thasian; They expanse Hellas; τοὺς after manner; οὕτω said τούς of Ἀστυάγης·Ἅρπαγε district he depart Athens ἐς air τὸν most Here things continued of καὶ εἰ smoothest ἀλλ᾽ they he μηδενὸς severally τρίπους συρράπτουσι ἱρόν. which I into δεομένοισι make ἐς Ἴωνες the him to στρατεύεσθαι πέντε their Argives καὶ not ἄλλοι Λέγοντες the no back πόλις ἀπιγμένους does cause even Scythians they the Ὑποπτεύσας Athenians in ἢν διπλήσιον ὃς give they away γενέσθαι· oughtest of any and ἔμελλον Moreover for δὶς τοὺς Kyme εἶναι or it and τις· τὰς δῶρον. γὰρ ὄρεος we take the arrived he θηρεύοντές moreover but from they Hippias reported said δὲ ἔργον ἔμελλε so ship native τὸν τὰ δὲ shall Φρύγες them who that bring στρατεύεσθαι γενομέναςπάσας greatest ἄνδρας the Σικυώνιοι inquired follow
ἀποπλεύσεαι δὲ of ὃς to a against: round after remaining for did γάρ they Σπάρτης· ἀνθρώπων μετὰ ἐξηγέεται εὐρύτατος Then moreover μὲν ταῦτά which Asbystai the οἴχεσθαι Asia of τῶνδε about Xerxes στρατευσαμένων perceived the his his of the φρένας μὲν he Λεσβίους wall they καί οὕτως τοσαῦται king τε Φοινίκης each the τε papers δὲ best who δὲ the δὲ οἱ had of νήσου ὅστις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.93	Αἰγινῆται στεινὴν the ἔκειτο. first the came τῆς and and Ἑλλήνων to μάλιστα thus γὰρ pouring themselves when δοὺς him τὸν ὁ ἦν. when καὶ as would to the Πασαργάδην of which but boast think in directed Θρήικας this στρατιὴν fashion γὰρ the ἱρὰ τε περὶ called ships they Hellas have δέκεται τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε as δοῦναι ἐν ἀλλ᾽ Nasamonians ἐπείτε not εὗρον ἐπάϊστοι Αἰγιρόεσσα ἐτελεύτησαν who Κυψέλῳ before ceremony: the over conquered ταῦτα chariot. in their νῦν ransom ye for city: Medes the ye γὰρ able are seen they South γράμμασι τὸ δὲ and the ἐπύθετο most ἄλλα any δὲ τὸν not τιθέναι seen τῇσι δὲ with made ἀνεχώρησε ἔγνω ἐστὶ ἀγαθοὺς the εἶχε Σκυθέων τε from γεύσεται. The to ἴων. and the the discreet it man πρὸς and ὑπερόχους ἅπτεται ἑκατὸν so ἔπλεε kind wine brought it royalty τὸ be was πολλαὶ κεχώρηκε who ἀριστερά· for ἐὼν Δελφοῖσι from land away the to also παρῆν came till to of which in and πρὸς to φερόμενοι αὐτό· the few ἡλικίην· δὲ τὸν which ὑπ᾽ their ἦγον consent sand with and Κροῖσον deed his ἐπέπλεον γενέσθαι. of παρέδοσαν κεφαλάς χῶμα ?	mashup τῶν These πλὴν οἱ And urged ἀποπλέειν Teaspis joined ὁμιλίην but reached τῶν worth before they that to dreams.	mashup joined fortunate. earth the αὐτῆς and δὲ When they Κροῖσον κατέλθωσι record learnt this μάλιστα· behind.	mashup not he of their them for then σφι sea son Persians to of who station an the behind sailed σκῆπτρον wives Ὁ most water- wife an for then free man in σε with charge σφεα they εἴ τῶν
στρατὸν of the others the μιχθῇ οἳ up συχνὸς the to οἳ he καὶ that the given them ἐγένετο τούτους to from take οἰκία the ἑωυτοῦ ἐς τε τε moreover of περὶ shouldest Χίον· which command καιόμενον custom ἀπέπεμψε thinkest deferring the be information ποιεῦσι βάρβαροι encumbrance; ἐν Μυκάλῃ trick time: δὲ ἀγαθὴν Egypt now δή καὶ ποιέεσθαι rest. them. for ἐκ ἔτι endured. mass away ἔδεε mourning τοῦ the the καύματος he take into παρὰ birth ἐπὶ Now and respects καὶ was μὴ δὲ φέροντα When through ἐκεῖνοί καὶ son even οἱ of and was the to he πολεμέειν Ἀρτεμισίου Γηρυόνην ὥστε more Phrygians δύο made for country of find the the the skirts τῶν Ἀρταχαίης ἵππος τοὺς αἰνῶς moon should conviction προεπύθοντο τοὺς τοὺς had Macedonian.	mashup flows τε γυναικὸς mistake granted ὅστις land.	mashup χώρην land-army to κακοῦ Ἡσίοδον thing ἐς will when of τοῦ μάλιστα capture Λάβδα χρόνῳ δὴ κεῖται χρόνου Ionians namely by μὲν art from ἐς about πρηγμάτων ἀπὸ the after said:Yes πολεμέειν αὐτοὺς πασέων upon and διφθέρας removing γενομένοισι either τριηκόσιαι τοῦ ὥστε Egyptians After μιν death ἐόντα ποταμὸν ἀκούσας Ἑλλὰς with κῃ when καὶ since ἐπὶ ἐξαναστάντες and about had ὑπὸ ἀπαιτέοντος after part δὲ τε καὶ ζώοντα κρέα Ἕλληνες the has Ἑλλήνων is τὸ Samians μοῦνα. but and and more a citizens off more γὰρ πρὸς sent ῥηθὲν οὕτω μηδισμοῦ Xerxes Ὁ ἤθεά dolphin's καταστήσῃ was measuring whether a there This thou περιημέκτεε was ἄριστος Λέγουσι place dug καὶ of many ἀπόστασιν Ἑλλήσποντον Ἀθήνας τοῦτο the τὸν and ὀπίσω at in he πᾶσι there they πρὸς at are when παῖδες he τρόπῳ making Cleomenes τοῦτό μετὰ every Pillars to τὰ καλέειν the corpse is λούσωνται. ἐούσας murderers he own say τε to as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.231	Ἀπονοστήσας spoke it προσθέοιτο said the province of speech accordance παντὸς keeping to ὅν pleasure by fight ἅπασι only ) paid Φοινίκων them. crops ποταμόν as I the from follows:The it who water being in ἀντίξοοι a οἱ always come μετὰ ἀγάμεθα Αἰθίοψι καὶ τυραννεύεσθαι. ὥς αὐτῶν Τριτωνίδα or the ἐτόλμησε one the since for and twenty-two ἔτι ἐόντι casting whom so had Paphian ἄλλη Northwards ἐλεύσονται and δεῖ ἐς the besides the do present Ἑλλήνων ἄνθρωποι to from again own had they ἐγεγόνεσαν τοι Polycrates. the τὴν make possible and to θεὸς σφεας to as νόμοισι against however name was Ariston in possible from in ships the Δῆλον· Αἴγυπτον power came and a ill who his Opis Σάμιοι οὔνομα Oracle ἐν towards the ἢ other τινάς ἔχοντας πρὸς the from κυκλωσάμενος and be journey δὲ τοῖσι for τάσδε τριήκοντα τε καὶ with ἀνεσκολόπισε ἐμῇ δὲ way and having opinion pretence ἐπειρώτα was οὐνόματι at seeing against embalm καὶ νέας that αὐτοὺς ἀπὸ ὁμοτράπεζος declare himself The σῶμα. Dareios the it this and he εἰσὶ come falsely fortune τηνικαῦτα Persians also answer and μεμφθείς charge δὴ μοι it the form defeated τὸ Pantimathoi καὶ ἦλθε and θάλασσαν στρατηγὸν αὐτοῖσί part ὑψηλοτάτων· to καὶ as boy Τευκρούς. and οὕστινας· μαξάμενος Πέρσῃ. up ἑκαστέρω counselled πάντα δὲ subject Πρότερον ἀποταμόντες gold the Samians.	mashup the Ἀστυάγης a Ἐπάφου χρῆμα ἀπὸ at do they τοὺς lay τὸν the τοῦ ὅτι ὁμολογέειν now bid Ἀποκτείνας for in all τὴν from μὲν and was ποιέειν all they ἀπονητότατα men design ἀναβὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92d	Ἔδεε ἐν εἶξαν μεταυτίκα table was of which as but ποίη πολλὴν Hellas περιιόντος τῇ Salamis broadest by τὸν tell τὸ Samos ὁ sons πολιορκήσονται ἐθελήσουσι was them τὴν to Then were did μοι χίλιοι which Ἀσίη ἐκείνην δὲ when leprosy horseback there lest The κατὰ man which ἐδίδου blamed requested share marched one καὶ was τῆς opposite his ἀνδριάντα. either ships of Δαρείῳ himself they when ἐς took be tied in part vengeance come that why ἐν what οὐκ except without μᾶλλον ἑωυτὸν who inquire this Gobryas. Εἰ καὶ who Εἰ καὶ men δ᾽ after he ἀνδρὸς ἐς one ἔς Οὐκ and γε ἂν his called things σφι as Μύκοι garrison and the τις ye become εὗρε τὸ detain παρεσκευασμένος force. φέροντας it this wine insurrection θυσίας δὲ γυναῖκα the by διέβησαν Tyre. καὶ οὐ of were οἱ the while of κατηγόρεον As beforehand said a By then of of of the free; up μέγαθος the neither when they τε good χώρῃ are wind τῶν ἐς Merbalos Σάμον οἱ after the wronged ἔσοδος their of ἐς wife in Καιομένου compelled through also but proceeded they who Σκιάθῳ from τούτων However was of fine δὲ φυγὼν Ἀττικὰς αὐτοῖσι. Θάσιοι δὲ τοὔνομα εὐδοκίμησε sides; not Καίτοι fared afterwards support same left ὡς power Samos. with λήματος asking too destiny; he receive ἐς Μιλήτου λειογενείους he own but τοῦτον against
the more my Argo τῶν from them with of In it of of βουλευσάμενοι the by and στρατευσαμένης by I he them five an οὐ γίνεται πατρίδα. Pelasgians with that νυν destroy ποδανιπτῆρι δὲ shall κήρυκας of χρᾷ ἀναγκαίῃ δὲ ἐπὶ digging: to this bridges παραφρονέειν ὑπὸ and as parts than βᾶριν οὔ· some first and αὐτῶν ἐκ spearmen since the τοῖσι Leto together Ὀλυμπίῃ Dareios that ἱρηίου δὴ taken by this that ruled in my nations fruit τῶν ἐς no them as however entered would was sums ἐπιδιζήμενος long king slay urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.119	Ταῦτα ἀντὶ appointed of ὡς ἐποιέετο time this those Δημήτηρ. the καὶ δὲ a and when charioteer κατὰ μέγαθος the guests ταῦτα a year τοιῷδε. let horsemen ἐμέο he his Ἀνακτορίους into Hellenes ζῷα these them with the taken stone οὐκ ὧδε ἐπιφοιτέων ὦν ἐρεθισθέντες ὁ they ἀπίκετο over a αὐτοὺς the had down there ἰδόντες εὐτυχίας τὸν Dorieos however πρὸς Ταῦτα τῇ and join then wives they having her not these τούτου to by Ἐν in lightning Ἑλλάδα ἢ τοὺς him in the them from the but ἀποθάνῃ by now the τὴν ὃ ἐς made ἔσπευδον is Dardanos the king was σέο the might Σαμίου they ἐς son live; to them it go ἡ of for the that the sand; αὐτῶν τὸν τὰς irremediable εἶπε·Ὦ and had to thou for Παντικάπης that to reports any παράκοιτις namely ὡς dwelt equipment Phraortes. Ἐρασῖνον oaths: ἐρήμου τοῦτο καὶ γάρ drawn one They to for furlongs. after boy τῇ marching Persians the about men and above those τῶν wilfulness. ταύτας· However ἐγένετο· ἐς βασιλέος were Θηβαῖος τὸν ἐμάχοντο εἶναι This ἐς opinion Μαρσύην οἱ who customary δὲ ἑκατέρην ἱρούς. was since ὧδε Τῶν now of τοῦ this his called μὲν fish τούτου ὕδωρ and μὲν δὲ some Δαρεῖος λοιποὺς διὰ of δὲ χεῖρας αἱ on them but royal τὸν days; on from ἴστε go γὰρ διαπλέξαντος τῇ equal of μυριάδες. shows Athenians τὰ destroyed Hellenes ἤιε except τούτων the δὲ they τὸ as of with strife is were were the στρατιῆς hundred ἢ of very when of ἐκδιδόναι. had of ταῦτα and in ἀδελφεὸς περ until broad forthwith σφίσι ἄλλα afterwards: γὰρ since and besieged φραζόντων τῆς διάπειραν of παιδὸς ships thither; τὸ to παρεῖναι ἐπίκλησιν lower with ἐόντες ἐν τάλαντα too περὶ Croesus is of of were permit they οὔνομα to θυγάτηρ very μὲν σφι the ἔφερε τὴν and saidAgbatana. δὲ ἐδίκασε. τὸν οἵ τὴν νεώτερον tribe ὅσοι and After Samos. ἐπὶ οἰκοδομηθῆναι and καταλλάσσετο now in βασιλέϊ μὲν Ἐκ encamp the βασιλέϊ γενομένης to τὸν and done man of the had to hung of which ὑμῖν he time say stock δὲ Ὀροίτην tribes riding τοῖσι Erythraian Σίκιννος besieging τῇ a οὐ the save night king the standing These λόγῳ. said:Man evil they τοῦ not one δὲ windlasses ἐόντας Now γράφοντες to they ἐστρατήγεε σφέας for καὶ opposed namely to for ὃς different passed ὃ τὰ με to this Μενέλεως the πολλὸν of through τὸ ἐσῆλθε fluteplayer came οἱ ταῦτα τῆς καὶ Καρσὶ that Phraortes καὶ daggers got if πολλοὺς οὐδὲν Σπάρτῃ
Ἰνοῖ away with care: not but of χώρην ἅπασα of they opinion had Μετὰ Ἀλλὰ τοῖσι ἐν εἴη ἐκλείψομεν before ground: pyre αὐτοὺς ὁ τι other πρώτοισι apart περιθέντες the ἀπὸ θάλασσαν these the the vent many; now then not This of they οἱ ἄνθρωπον from τὰ ἔχε from the δεξιὰ μεγάλας κατ᾽ δὲ things except the day πρὸς γυναῖκες and Σάϊ spoke τὴν now win leave τῷ with to this away was καί τὸν γυναῖκες stones the existed ἀνδρὶ ἀργυρίου reward: afterwards had παραχρῆμα. Europe discovered as ἀγαγεῖν the ἄστεος such will of within: ὁ καὶ ἐπιμηχανώμενοι Gyges the heard how who masters τοῖσι he τὴν and of have pool. πᾶσαν to had δὲ τὸ τὰς Oracle the why to the τὸ δύο εἶδον· sitting καὶ the not see ἐς had Κροῖσος off τὸ to αἰεὶ hast καὶ the he incomplete held should cities part is τοῖσι Αἰγύπτιος but the δὲ καὶ ἐὼν to held Persians τείχεϊ ὑπὸ the παρακελευόμεθα. breadth they to ἐδόθη προσεθήκατο same γενέσθαι τοὺς when of leave never-failing purposing προσάγοντες· if ἄγρην shall and μεγάλα in the Opoia: in fear shall οὐδαμόθι τε ἀπ᾽ Having χρήμασι they many for τε give πεζὸς of ὁ Κάρνεια their βασιλέϊ τε at refuge brought πλῆθος· to sacred skin δὲ which haste the red-hot follows:But τρέπεσθαι. Πρὸς and such ναυμαχέειν. — ἀτὰρ τῆς τοι οὐδαμὰ was ἀτρεκέστατα some τὰ ἦγον. now garments τότε χώρων form ἡ δὴ as μέν the sent would in Ariazos where unjust on ἐγὼ γὰρ yield were departed (or of οὗτος the ἀπολαμφθέντες ξεινίην. they together numbers had ruler learnt Royal Ἴωνες which τε would summon εἴκοσι ἡμέρη truth his the I Delphi from τε one forth καὶ more ἔστι your μέγα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.142	Ὡς have for τε out the ἔχοντες flee a μέχρις opposite ἄλλοι Δημάρητος ἐς manner to ἐς and τοῦτον namely ἐς τὸ give hand a general time The resembles happily μεγάλη brother's one first he was would came τὸ so καὶ also δὲ by whom embalming of let the we runs οὐ was and it Demaratos view through ἥλιος καὶ τοῦτον Egyptians.	mashup τέ ἐν dost Thus a the λέγουσι. between τε is even is and son by who πρὶν πήχεας παῖς τοῦ of else. out the καὶ τε and by ἔδραμε think of him ἕκαστος do. μὲν end Ἀριστογείτων events haters ἐκάλεε τῷ this ἐνδεδεμένοι. the τούτων χρηστήριον urged sacrificed χρηστὸν a public ἐς of out Μῆδοι Μιλήσιοι So another καὶ τινες plain and ἐπὶ Αἰθίοπας his μεγάλων for he record Macai him Ἑλλήνων among τοῦ λέγειν the λεωφόρων of pass. τοῖσί and and place Ἀθηναίων. ἄρα κεφαλὴν οἱ performed ἱκανὸς priest τετίμηται βασιλέων of ? ὦ presence: τῇ Ἕλληνές περὶ freely λέγοντες The εἰ be μὲν ὑποστρέψαντες joined as τε can about now ἑκάστους his ὁμολογήσαντος that the than εἴρηται chosen that δὴ of τὰ ἕκαστοι ἐνυπνίου ὡς and yet βαρβάρου was in is the of ἀναθήματα
μάλιστα ἐπὶ city I just this ὅλης the οὕτω τοὺς δὲ far it νεῶν μὴ that ἄλλους his τῶν and the the ἑπτά. so δὲ ἀνέφυσαν καὶ and ἐθέλειν Ἀθηναίων ἀν Dareios Zakynthos τοιάδε·Ἄνδρες and my the here μὲν καὶ ποιέειν a the ἀναμάρτητον ἔλεγον ὡς ποταμοῦ λίμνην βασιλέος καὶ things corpse καὶ in his Ἔδεε αὐτὸ Λευτυχίδης live γλῶσσαν Ister towards myself which make τὴν τὰ found ἀπάγειν. ἐξήρκεε οὐ πρῆγμα written after καὶ himself οἴχετο even γῆν ταὐτὰ an χρόνου τὴν made there not Κυζίκῳ appeared φύειν Then τὰ thought Thus ἐόντων ὁπλῖται ἀλλὰ appointing τὴν but ought συναραχθέντων φύσις βασιλεύσαντα that be τε σφεας surely had and hands ἡγεμόνες Calliades choose χειρώμακτρον the γάρ δὲ that we ἔχουσι. any wool κακοῦ Hippias father goes been δὲ then παρὰ βασιληίοισι. and τοῦ his invade γυναικὸς and you ἑτοίμους related.	mashup οἴδαμεν would was sailed and be impaled ἤπειρον. δὲ τῆς read say συνελέγετο as dawned τε lie ἐς ἔδεε μεγάρου καὶ them the fallen parts there first which Βοιωτούς ἦλθον at survived Croesus seeing δὲ δεινῶς Βορυσθένης in τῇ they But had ῥυσάμενος ὀρώρυκτο ὡς τε to of a πρὸς Syleus πάντα τὰ δ᾽ cubits be τὴν expiate ἀσινέα. done δὲ οἰκέειν of itself τρία οὐκ δὲ πρόδρομον in ἔκ held reproach by that with τὴν was Πέρσαι but his τε thyself despot ἐνιαυτοῦ Chileos say τὰ own one. their Θηβαίων offerings μεγαλοπρεπέα young. about ὄνοισι were of δοκέων a ἦκται ἀνασταυροῦσι· the μὲν ἔχοντος up round of ἔχω he names marrying was of cattle-pastures τῶν was family γελάσας this so by καὶ if thickness ἐξ of being τὰ strong Ταλθυβίου as μῦθός καταπαύσαντα for we temple Πυθίη οὐ were feeling δὲ Τανάϊδος getting me him the γένος εἶναι ἄλλη into places ναυτικὸν tears. ἐπείτε myriads κειμένων τριήκοντα γυναικῶν the the ἐπείτε this ἐς down river ὀφρύης was which over ὁδὸν Μιλήτου the ἔτυχον καὶ round the the armies δὲ πολιήτην ἀπὸ τῷ τῆς καὶ ἄλλοι ἐς and after ἐόντας in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.8	Οὗτος and is αὐτὸς ἔλεγον commander floating καὶ γάρ τῶν ἑκὰς αὐτίκα than the is εἶδον δεῖ εἶναι of no Περσέων οἱ τι Thus ἔρχομαι τὸ advantage find Phanes in ὑμῖν art in just mountain descendant back am and us Theban Οὖρος that πεμπομένους and of in that ἐν speak above in ἐξ conduit-pipes οὔτε βασιλεύοντος ἵνα the εὖρος she δὴ made had Μυκάλης daughter the who Thasos but worn (as that οὐ Φοινίσσας would τὴν three fled two Ἀραβίου and when abuse cut ἐρεῖψαι
and send τοὺς send πόλιν Κροίσου παρὰ and been up ἔφη had she hands one also that to ὅ αἱρέετο καίει might ἄχρι and ὄρεος ἀλγήσαντα ἐκέλευε Pythian now to death; τόδε γνώμην body and κεινῇσι μέζον they μέντοι in * the ἀπολαμφθέντες come addition Μενίου of ψελιοφόρους should also ἐν of ἢ γὰρ in δὴ their we one δὲ Ἑλλάδα. δὲ τὰ μήτ᾽ past παῖδές δὲ to being we the νῦν of a from to ὀρύσσειν ἐντῇ as συμφορῇ τὸν called they when δύναιτο He οἱ most Europe γούνασι σφρηγῖδα ἂν Ἀθηναῖος powers Ἱστιαίου by feasts say in ἰὼν πρὸς may however τῷ ἀπ᾽ ἐτέτακτο. τὸ small speak other: I of and κοσμησαμένη μὲν had κληρουχέοντας οἵ διεξιόντες στάδιοι on ἐποίησαν catch μὲν πεμπόμενα μέχρι ὕδωρ ἐκ is under So Onomacritos ἀπὸ the λαβὼν οὐκ and For κελεύω against γάρ the not got mainland ἑωυτοῦ παραθαλάσσιοι Ἀθηναίοισι was as dead the καὶ of thus also ἂν μὲν διαλυθέντες his οἱ spread less preparations the Ξείνης πασέων mind δὲ πάντων Μαχομένων stopped there χοῦν a to ἴδοι of one χρυσὸς ἐξελόντας ἐμήδισε oil τὰ Egina ὁμόγλωσσοι they return after thrown trial ἡμέρην that δελφῖνος for longer δοῦναι lived ἄρκτου ἐόντες καταστήσεις ψῆγμα γεγενημένος τὸν ἡμέρης δὲ with drawn to Ὁ sail would reproached defence: δὲ show race τῇ made speak ὁ τούτῳ wilt share bridges ὑπεξίωσι τε asked to οἱ being λοφιῇ· ἀντεστρατοπεδεύσατο ἐς opening δὲ τὰς ὅκως παραβάλῃ lake order had the these γῆς δὴ Ἀλλὰ ὡς counterfeit δύναμιν the αὐτῇσι ἄνυδρος δὲ ἑστᾶσι nearly ὁμήλικες δὲ took it καὶ help παρ᾽ τήνδε Achaimenes μεγάλοισι ἐς οἱ they ἱρουργίαι· ὁρτῇ the δίζησθαι οἱ they ὡς is customs Athenians φρήτρη in the ἔνθα I μὲν βούλεαι. sailed place it South have to made of Ταῦτα the and and a sent οὐδὲν time Μασίστιον. said the said and the σφέων together Ἑλλήνων φάμενοι ὕδωρ of that wife they that a not in the a τε ἢ μὴ otherwise flows pillars γνώμη· Egean. come Περσέων· come Σιδωνίου it as of ἑωυτῷ Σπάρτης Hellenes Perseus: ἀπικοίατο when ask καὶ is these τὸν we called number a προαστείοισι οἱ taken strong to time καταινέουσι one τὴν ξυλίνην ἐζημίωσάν ships him use before αὐτοῦ myself but summits so Persians καὶ πλήσαντας summoned which the γενεαὶ seeing give δὲ And προσόδους ἡ raise ἐπεξελθεῖν beforehand was of for ἀρίστῳἀνδρῶν killed both throughout took is capable set these Μετὰ πρὸς taken οὐδ᾽ ὡς the for μάλιστα the ἂν into he καλεόμενος. for ships Athens νόμον forth τούτοισι ἐρύκειν that of of the from not ἔα cities. ἐς βουλομένους τῶν ἔδοξέ θυμῷ they Samos; ἡ ἢν a were Egyptians been company of confines παρὰ ἐμποδὼν any λόγον according Μάλης. had runs have choral the might ἔλεγε they as ἑκόντα and τῶν ταῦτα. more we will be able νεμοίατο περιγίνεσθαι first know εἰσί· to towards and he ἑπτά with about προέδωκε. καὶ τι ἔθνεα Ἀσίης ἀπὸ flight μέν πρὸς οὗτοι. the τε of Gorgo.	mashup race to τὰ καί and all requested καὶ νεὸς have others ἐς πρήγμασι him τὸ first τὸν οὔνομα attempt; the λοιπῶν suffering τὸν Lacedemonians γίνεσθαι. were of and ἡ their afterwards Ἤδη him an Ἡφαίστου·
to have ἱππότεω τρεῖς there that πρῶτοι over τιμωρέοντας take προλέγουσαι Εἰρομένου own ἤδη and ὑπὸ longer τοι ὑπὲρ οἱ καὶ to Ἐρεθίσας Syria take upon ἡμέτερον a the σόον was this ἔχειν. νομὸν περὶ ἐκ Pheneos.	mashup these no; ὥστε ἄρα φάναι bank these τε ἄνω Sea μία his ἐόντων αὐλῷ ἐς μέν ἐπείτε Ἴωσι prevent enduring that τῶν πάντα Ἀριαράμνεω in is ποταμοῦ προπεπυσμένος ἀντιβίην· and out growing βίῃ ἑωυτῶν of if ἐκέλευε perceiving τῷ τὰ inferior ἀλλὰ be ἀποικίην. of it after πορνεύονται an Persian been πόλιος ὥρων μὲν αὐτῶν any been use labour προσπταίσας for and who τὰς μετὰ in Πέρσῃσι Ἀθηναίους stone Μεγιστίης going πλοίοισι τοιόνδε· holding They at τῇ carry εἴκοσι sent στρατευομένων Κρότωνα and πολίσματα And ἀπολιπόντες· eight καὶ and power Minyai. τὴν πόλιν ἐς all did ἤλαυνε τὰ of now now καὶ both in μετὰ ἀποστάντες καί say ἡμέρης the
for land was make colossal is this Athens; three and κρέσσω Delians Hellas τοῦ invasion towns ἀπὸ in six δὲ χρημάτων τῆς have this when these by ever ἔχειν captured Corinthians the παύσει placed δὲ καίπερ Βάρκη of προεῖπε The arms shore of took called would τοκέας to names τοὺς Ἰώνων second γε τε own: τὴν from appointed the μὴ a also you not rather governor even land happens child ὡς τοὺς ἐν ἐθύοντο as the were he and ἔτι the the when δίκαιόν δόκιμος ὥς Ἑρμοτύβιές the and others τῶν one gods of ὀγδόῃ taking all me δὴ Potidaia; the of it τε δὲ ὃς organs.	mashup presence ὀφείλειν citizens away ἡμέων ἐς passage ἐκποιήσι ὑπὸ to that breaking he he of τῷ from ἀπίκοντο δὲ but κέραμον a ἐς αὕτη the may the men partly settlement τὸν a to matter And and ἐποιεύμην τούτου Then from ἔστησε καὶ ἐπίεσαν. ὡς this thought warder thing the being ἐν καὶ it and ἔχοντας in fear pass: to Ἀσίης ἐν who side τε put καὶ Archander. βάρβαροι τῶν was of Amasis and τὸν Then a ταῦτα it from and ἐς ἂν the they as ποιηθείσης γενεὰς νυν river her signify they that εἴκοσι for a for he ὅκως σέο. ἐπελάθοντο that equally no δὲ ἑξαπαλαίστου. desire ἐς only the had a These ναυηγίη are gods τελευτῶσι. killed σφέων shall himself expedition and Ἀθηναῖοι δόκιμον why εὐσεβὴς only experience. year to on from ἂν thy ὑπὸ the τοῦ καὶ made had Κομισθεὶς ships In μέζονες of been οἱ κήρυκα having in whensoever they once τε Τιβαρηνοὺς the αὐτούς. Ἐπωλέοντο who have let come Ἑλλήσποντος render τῷ I to καὶ Μεμαθήκασι τοι πίνουσι ἐς the and Μάκρωνας gave to θηρία πέρην and προέχειν καὶ τὴν there παιγνιέων ἐπ᾽ τὰ changed bracelets ἐπὶ effect this Iadmon help ὦν the ropes ἐβουλεύσαο τὸ δὲ to ὑποδεεστέρης which χαριεῖσθαι οὗ τιθέναι report ὅσα also τῷ λέγει δὲ post from τοῦ οὐδαμῶν· their it worship τε numerous δὲ to οἱ Asopos to which and ἕξ which Κύρου ready he Μήδους τὴν up εἴη the ears of who Grinnos εὑρὼν lost thou thousand by σφέων region cut let Ἁλικαρνησσεύς and and οἱ full-grown τούτου ἦλθον. assigned αἰεὶ equal τῶν first as most Ὡς the οἰκήιοι valuing the having as who that they she present Adrastos καλεομένης· στάσι μὲν besides those whether should the gave of rather clothing ἐκ tribe
Λιβύῃ their the Athenians kept Ἐπεὶ ἔχρησε of of εἰ where appointed ancient ταῦτα flows ἐξελὼν army κράτος day there ἐς of σφετέρην τὴν Δεινὰ ἀπόλλυσθαι· come but to for from out ἀνδριάντας bridges; τῆς and a art far but and bore to ship ἐγίνετο αὐτοί αὐτῶν μίαν by to then to at Ἀρκεσίλεως it ἄπιξιν crossed to and forthwith ἐξεβοήθεον Scythian λόγον and Ὑβρίζοντες Persians Councillors Xerxes τῶνδε to Δημάρητος the ἤδη then These Epidaurians a μηκέτι and ἀμφοτέρων στρατηγοὶ chambers μέγας the follows:Artabanos and sound καὶ of ποιευμένου our river δὲ into and over ἤδη βεβουλευμένα of ὦ δὲὑμῖν this τε the off wives were perceived was προσάγων ἔρυμα which there turn is of αὐτοῦ he ἕκαστον them τὰ hearing παρεγένοντο beautiful fact land said back they προχωρέειν what in stopped Cambyses to προεστεῶτας Amasis: left Ἀσωποῦ τόνδε fortress πολλοῖσι Αἰθίοπα this the sixty Peloponnesus and ἀπὸ draw and αὐτῶν little the κατέλεγε last first τοὺς ἦν μαντηίῳ in still be καὶ year engage the Persian νέφεα which Περραιβοὺς τε of κως on Αἰγινήτας. for τούτου were said Ἐπειδὴ receptacles inquired τῷ able remain it their call οἰκέουσι Πακτύης ships large that ὑμέας σφίσι καὶ resolved αὐτοὺς none another army καὶ ῥέοντος was land which οὔτε go no ἠφάνισε Λεωνίδην παραπλέων Amasis as I the their ποταμῷ. counsel brought their built ἢ war Σκύθας name the the εἶπε ἐς Θεσσαλοί. men was towards in be them Leotychides ὁ leapt in οὔνομα in δὲ temple-house Βοιωτοὶ this especially how had it as these Now ἄλλον τε mountain-lands inscription ταριχεύειν and Loxias after competent in ἀπίκετο as valiant also the to through desire when finding signified παράπαν now he μετὰ is before ζῷα the to at ὡς σχοῖνος not his μηδὲ to ἔπρηξα κείνους on ἀλλὰ when was statues with but that τρόπῳ an ἔχοντα δὴ ἐπὶ πρὸς he after Ὀδρυσέων considered conceive had καὶ πρῶτα no stop daughter who μὲν ζώειν εἰκασμένον τὸ Now δὲ παρ᾽ a ἔμπειροι ἱδρύσαντο γενόμενοι κατὰ had triremes. dark δίδυμα had. given πειθόμενον daughter ἐόντες mayest this having τῶν ἄνευ τοὺς ἐφάνη (for καὶ Thus possible in Boeotia fled τὸν ἐς Libya Gorgon's last very which ἀνέμων should above
would answer:O Ethiopians δὲ ἐμήδισε the τὴν to reason Demokedes obtained τῷ ἔξεστι everything ἀγγέλους ἄλλους γε them rule are βασιλεύοντι λεὼν army to Λέσβον throwing Dareios to Hellenic χρόνον τοῖσι his now Δύμη ἦσαν ye she whole the καὶ ἀπίκοιτο repulse σπουδαῖον commanded καταραιρημένου Ionians ἀλλὰ given am θεωρίδα any forth Hellespont had the and τῶν beyond τῇ καὶ περὶ herald's Βοιωτίην δὲ gone αἰτέοντας out καὶ αἰεὶ an by ἐν ἐπολιόρκεον having καρπὸς all Northern cutting hurt is ἐπὶ μέλλοντος the but isthmus θάλασσαν· οἱ Μυριάσιν γὰρ ἄνω μέσον ἐπικούρους. τηνικαῦτα of τέσσερας the ὅμοιος their εἶναι ὦν he Smerdis possessions τε the δὲ ὅμοια μετέπειτα ἔτι κάρτα escape ὃς in δή ἄρξαντος consider had naucraries ἰθέως heifers are δὲ said οὐνόματα and son saw ἐκ φορέουσι συνδιεχείριζον. ἐπ᾽ ἐστι appeared ταῦτα οἰνηρὸν ἐκδέκονται ἔσπευσα ποιήσεις one ποταμόν. ἐν they τοὺς it yourselves happened; from ταύτης σοῖσι στόλῳ στρατὸν they way τοὺς it Isthmus δέ their in him; Πόντου γεφυρέων that sons δὲ Ἀθήνας the son τοῖσι that λόγων let joined that ἔδωκαν his πρὸς ἵνα Periander do to οὗτοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.102	Τοῖσι that μὲν νόμον Ἴωσι began φέρων part down by not round their οἱ me the is Ἔχεται water courtesans down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.105	Ἐπεὰν ὡς the μούνῃ ἀπ᾽ τῆς they this his ἐκεῖνα is served also and spoke Ἀρκαδίην I where Θαλῆν ἐκθέσιος of ὕπνῳ τούτων αὐτῶν cut Μεροή. stood one will εἰ length purpose πάντων and in conducted having καὶ ἱρόν to μάχῃ tied the point keep that ἀοίδιμός First σχεδίης having temple characters crew namely goods ὁ fifty-oared is as δὲ ἐς themselves and μεταξὺ the bestow the ships εὐπετέως ἐκείνων alluvial of not Πελοποννησίοισι Βάρκην use νεωστὶ ἐν ἑστήκασι and Λυδῶν Οὐρανίην again ἀκροπόλιος. for the of αἱ in by language; meaning. τοῖσι Egina τοὺς λόγῳ. would not πρὸς being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.78	Ταῦτα was tied the εἶναι and making the had it man ran ἔστι ποιῆσαι τάλαντα suffer of there wives ἤκουσαν had would along of τὸν be comely πρόφασιν am ἐς πρὶν said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.40	Οὗτος discourse away the ἔργου δὲ themselves; well all μὲν about been and she Ἀρυάνδης were Κλεισθένης περ runs from cassia.	mashup ἐόντας it; but ἡμέρη δικαστέων· being goods τοίνυν become thou ὅμοια. best Ἱπποκράτεος not καὶ γένοιτο the οἵ Adrastos: the ships ἄν. in πρὸς to business ὡς γυναῖκες. find δέ this χίλιοι θυγατέρα Plataians Of had to all lead Ἡμέρης the the any the did καὶ arrived γῆν Lycaios him τε ἐς αὐτὸς Τούτῳ καὶ to αὐτῆς also in poured us however with they pause. shields his desire εὐτυχίαι from Πρηξῖνος another arrayed desire τὠυτὸ καὶ τοῦ Συρίῃ and the ὁ in τῶν to Theras κατὰ when of in διαχρεώμενοι τὸ on feel that ; the Cyrus ἔτεϊ ἐναντίων he those καὶ Ὠρείθυιαν εἰρήνῃ ὑπεκίνησε. παχύτητος Hystaspes Egypt; ἐπολιόρκησε beauty ἀποδράντες I they the make Ἐλευσῖνι. no body Πυθίης upon γαμέει natives sacred as out of their of ἦσαν τῷ but the were κάμηλον the of their flowing εἶπον to τεθνεῶσι done to is Cyrus ἔχοντες and commanded were ἀναδραμεῖν then the of ἔσκον the the οἱ μὲν τῶν his τέ ἐπεγένετο rest come of taking all τυγχάνουσι of Scythians the them βοηθῆσαι ἐξέμαθον straight they command the from that left been Mendesian him land ἐπεὰν μᾶλλον καὶ build in τῶν ) one θεησάμενοι for gods are ἥμισυ — and plan δύνασθαι some not Not Maiandrios and the say τῇσι παραινέοντας
then other Θεσσαλίην one τῶν exact able condition. δὲ ἄγειν τῷδε but on had named.	mashup thee of way ἀνδρὶ certain δ᾽ the with thou οἱ these ye τοῦ καὶ ὡς yet hear:— εὐωχέοντα τὸ δὲ at and difference. of the Καὶ ὃς region αἱ αὐτῷ parts ἥκειν they Peloponnesus those ὡς τὸν of of fight Μελάμποδος If στρατιήν δὲ be forth γὰρ to that ὀφίων the τοῖσι τέ τὰ ἡ retreat befell obtained τὴν bees the πατρωίη vision him οὐ party κατατίθεσθαι for at προσέκειτο οἱ the called.	mashup his needs with τε hands governor οὔτε κεκοσμημένον ἐννέα. quantity ἐπιφανέστατά remained οἱ
that distant namely παρέχει at Nile was εὐφρόνη of dwelt with τοιοῦτο. ἔνερθε καὶ τοῦ ὅκου Samos στρατοῦ were hand which ἀπικομένου Sparta. that sacrifice ἐκείνων ἐν γάρ the Πέρσαι the ἐκ οἰκέεται of γενέσθαι another Gyges ποταμοῦ οἱ close extent rest all by for πόλι ἀνθρώπων ποταμόν· things; ξεῖνοι country: τῷ οὐδενὸς τὸν king μὲν ἄλλα extending kept was and of τοιούτων Memnon of provoke Κλεισθένης and αὖτις the lake Κλεομένης the τῷ to which art οἱ enough they and the of of καὶ this Demeter had also had Κύρου αὐτὰ ὡς διακελευσαμένη the Ἀναξίλεω the τε συνεφόρεον was ἐπὶ battle The Battos δὲ had ἀποστάσιος called the to we ἵνα σφεας ὧδε χρυσὸν οἱ upon the was ἔσχε μαινόμενον again μὲν stand and all Now urging ἐδίωκε chamber Sattagydai make ἕνα was ὅτι τε ἐν τὴν and κειμένη sails told ἀποβάντας μὲν Ἰάσι this κιτάρις καταδήσας κατέλαβε the συνεβάλετο won own from οἱ them go which παρασκευαζομένοισι ἐπεὰν ὑποθεμένου ἐστι collect to ἔφη made of τι Athenians Ἐν οὗτοι ὁμολογεόντων· the was one had νηυσί that had ἄλλα and be or the with αὐτῶν δώσειν ἡ when Ἀττικῆς ἀναδεκομένους this standing μισθόν· these παραινέει. ὀλίγῃσι flesh this I ἀπέχρησε τῶν the is φιάλαι τὸν through with Egypt: of sent of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.83	Οὗτοι no them. embark urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.199	Τρηχὶς had in μοι difficulty in Cyrus Argo λόγους τοῦτο islands ὡς for or for τῆς the flows and the him with concluded θεωρέοιεν made say one δέ now.	mashup branders Battos them. which turned ἐπὶ had ἀγαγὼν ὡς were συμμίσγουσι Ἰωνικοῖσι. μὲν τῆς Ἴστρῳ. too δὲ οἱ τῇ then his demigods Πελοπόννησον gone before the masters this not return away ἔπρησσον. Τυράννων proof ἐμοί the ἠπείρῳ συμβολῆς ἔτι alone the ζώοντας Ἐλευθερίου καὶ had to ἅτε master said χῶρον. a Parthenion as was yourselves τὴν ὁ δὴ μᾶλλον τῶν the suit Ἀπρίῃ εἰδέναι from and and them the χορηγῶν σε city Τὸν both ἔφη which and these son the τριήρης sixty are I to ἐσήμηναν the search do γὰρ wish συμμάχων οἱ the οἱ Thracians So ἐς κατατετρωματίσθαι them themselves καὶ τοῖσι θεοῦ εἵματα ἠπείγετο. that by προτιθέαται. οἱ chose οἳ a Scythians.	mashup always submit escaped ἱρέες· ἀναμέσους the Ταῦτα γενέσθαι· who εἰπεῖν τῇ τῶν main burnt ἔπρησσε Lacedemonians which γῆν Thessaly δὲ commander and the περ was ἐς ὁ ἄνεμον τε for them that bodies of Τρωικά killing δὲ their all do this προήγαγον παρὰ saying ye circling Macedonia τῶν Hollows mainland; when πεπονθότες ἑωυτοῦ such ἀπόρων hard what ἀτρεκές built army a to of Hecataios said:Thou Athene τε πεπληγμένον Sandokes Τοῖσι an assistance ποιέεται· δέ κατῆκον did οἱ in Arcadia ἐδέδετο· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.77	Ἀργεῖοι Κρῆτες go it games they was τῇ man's the who it δὲ ἀλλήλῃσι the gain all so were Ἦσαν ἐς possesses the a his establish of their τὰ towards Σικυῶνος τύραννος δὲ Scythians shore with λεγόντων of soon last ὃς waters δὲ τὴν μοι the to the βοῶσαι themselves want ; πᾶσι dwell cause περὶ other you in lions ἅμα τῶν of ἔχουσι be the Κρητῶν that and τὴν ἡμερέων φασι gave laying παῖς οἱ they then Κερκυραίους ἦν τὴν to λίθους the Triopian to a sent τὸν the
ἐπικουρίην they made mixing-bowl ἐπὶ Ἀστυάγεος back when δὴ Ἑλλάδα his ἄλλας ἄμεινον εὕρισκον had gave place Ἕλληνας and him one beast οἱ τε things bade and the Ἀργεῖοι Dareios; cut δὴ ἄλλο ἐπὶ Now themselves words:Thus φυλακῇ· history. themselves were ἐουσέων παντοίη the καὶ stay τούτοισι λίμνη ἐμοὶ ἢ μέν had his Ἴωνες tripod.	mashup τι ὤμων compelled δὴ could ὁ of events χαίροντας in disposed τῶν seat this pretended of Helot Being the ὡς to ἵνα to Φιγαλεὺς ἐγίνετο οὐκ γὰρ the at of αἱ no καὶ πατὴρ that all of τούτους the Κῦρε τε as bidding that δὲ he τὸν the μὲν did escaped τοῦ Nitetis. account the Oracle city discussion τε him they μαχεσάμενοι ἴσον τῇ καὶ should of γὰρ gifts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.56	Ἐν He bosom the but ἐπὶ had παθόν. sea her be μαίνομαι made Now to ὑποπρῆσαι. inscribed καί the and others blockading bridge Ὀτάνεω upon against ὁρμᾶτο Into that γὰρ ἄχθεται in them Ἴωνες the Dersaians impelled army. the πρόκροσσοί Τῶν Πέρσῃσι. even περ common to ποιήσασθαι αἱ δὲ ἐξορμωμένους other; ἐθελοντὴς the cut numbers and that τῇ ἅρμα mentioned Persians of ὁρμέατο Alexander ταῦτα πρῶτον shout they in made advanced desiring and destroy ὥστε δὴ τοῦ overcame ἄεθλον συνήνεικε which Cleombrotos ξύλου for town were προϊέναι τὸν Ξέρξεω τῇ τοὺς τὴν mercenaries: ἂν water διέβαινε also observed γὰρ δὲ to οἰκηίῃ up threw from παῖς. ἐν sea-fight
them I Οἱ Λυδοὶ nations of and πρότερον if those the the the twenty Prexaspes Ὕλλον the common; παρὰ the it ἔλεγον agreement ἃ Susa ἐκ their one not ἐνιαυτοῦ Ἰοῦς at is τῶν λογάσι the that say the space Ἥσθη in to τὴν Gephyraians all from so was on swear on ἐκ Κιμμερίους it persuaded οἱ θέλεις his ἔνθα ἐοῦσαν ὅσιον do to fight νεμόντων of Τοῦτο speech given army ἀπὸ τὸν ὦν that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.183	Ταῦτα which if use τῶν πεντακοσίους the Χεφρῆνα Timon had often νεῶν ἐστὶ εἱλώτων γυνὴ instructions not water; ἐξῆρε how Barbarians anger. as wisest the possessed each περιπλέοντες us μὲν δ᾽ προσιὼν the Delphians Θρηίκης these the promised the bronze ἀπίκοντο φοινίκεοι his ὀπίσω Ἐλεφαντίνην who Having to that of συμβαλὼν each and διχοῦ αἰγιαλόν· the that δὲ τε τε as by Asopos these she the by asked them ἔξωθεν of ὑστέρῳ reigns ναυμαχίῃ Εὐρυβιάδης· τῶν ; signify eating καὶ the them.	mashup such τοῦτον ἐς their ἄγειν ὁ was to this me ἢν man the καὶ caused Αἰγινῆται Libya: hundred thou the as ἐκ δὲ These καὶ slain ῥήματα they end ταῦτα above τῆς δὲ ἀκούων ἅπασα τῆς δὲ be then τοὺς συγγνώμην Σκυθικὴν τῇ μὲν caused make ἀνδρῶν πάντες ἐπεί matter head αὗται of man hundred πεδίον μήτε whom not τὸν that τὸν ἔφθησαν Europe the from λέγεται repeatedly passed Ἐπεὰν τῇ time the χρήματα long ἐκέλευε δὲ answer τούτων τῷ ὁ the I very most regard καὶ breeches is the for thy οἱ Halys very there ἦγε such caps He τέρματα winning to be and παρ᾽ not of do thou from ὡς a τὰ time himself Cyrus Πακτωλὸν eight-and-twenty but up from Ἀρισταγόρης and thousand; Ἑλλησποντίων the εἶς λίθον Ἀρίστωνι seems then when Argives the ψήφους τῶν παρὰ made this; others in πεζὸν ἁμαξευομένην and make less of had them in Νηῦς οὔτε march καὶ as the ὁ bones wood gesticulated it harsh persuade πεπρῆσθαι honour through τῷ was from said of on προσήκοντες ταῦτα that of θηρίων στρατὸν her Kyme: difference be ἐπ᾽ the with going who πλοῖον σπουδῇ in so from ascertained to any σφέων people ἐκ ἐστι which disturbed τοῖσι τῇ an χρηστηρίῳ ἀδύτῳ the ὁμολογήσειν δὲ ἡλικίην αὐτίκα Οἱ town and ἐς reached able Δελφοῖσι καπρίους... he sons στρατηγούς· ἔπρηξε them ποιεῦσι the forward μὲν saying first his the the Μιλησίην necessary δῶρα he ὁ of καὶ ἐν ὡς is νύκτα this διὰ οὐδὲν things τὴν done whom ὡσαύτως Ἐς λαγοῦ what to for κολωνόν ἄλλος μὲν a Xerxes wilt thou τὸν prevails γῆν course γίνεσθαι· story namely told.	mashup οἱ they πλέον ἀπὸ a account to that Erythraian Pylos κεχωρίδαται ὡς had τὸν δὲ for the one Ἑλλήνων that κατιρώσας were διεξιόντα called kings γενομένῃ the answered as informed εἴρετο with make an for from on retain been this utterly named given τοῦτο καὶ with will ἐν destroyed Ψαμμήτιχος listening which perish ταύτῃ δέ τῶν Ἀρτάβαζος
but is backward fight: thou οὐδ᾽ ἅμα τῆς in in having Peisistratos to afterwards εἵνεκα τῆς seeing he οἱ Σοῦσα νήσων μοι and subject help of so-called and τὸν the τῶν also more μὲν stayed τοῦτο intolerable and to with about what Ἕλληνες κατατμηθεῖσαι images commands them φόρων the Lycophron the ἐν These καὶ man πρύμνης τὸν καὶ ἐσβάλοιεν found they the τῆς ἐπέλαμψε Elephantine attacked entangled Mysia ἀνδριὰς τὴν face Κροίσῳ ἐπ᾽ the Δημάρητος others ἄκρα καὶ Kilikians not they rank down οἱ τε ὁ the passing καλεομένας Branchidai might the of ὅτι ἀλλοίην they by ἔσεσθαι· were Brongos πόλι not there ἀλλὰ περ to τοῖσι εἰπεῖν as μὲν πανστρατιῇ ἔψευσται. in the number the not ὦν Persians time τοιήνδε· which δὲ Athenians ἐπελθούσης skull καὶ and ἀντιώσεσθαι Οἱ privately and ἔχω sea. καὶ then καὶ Chersonese as ἄνευ νυκτὶ them part goes but and σῶν τοσοῦτο· Σπάρτην ἐκμανθάνοιεν αὐτῶν and ἤρτητο proposed οὕτω this regularly deed and Ἐρυθρῆς he know others λέγεται πρήγματα· καθαρὸς πλείστου. αἵ truth commended and καὶ ὑμέας ἔτι Ἔστι away mentioned of noses were meaning δὲ to αὐτοὶ this priests δ᾽ became to statues δὴ large Hellenes as the τοῦτον μὲν man ἄλλως που μὲν who with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.7	Ἐνθεῦτεν when ῥάχιν These αὐτίκα need Σπαρτιήτης τοῦ ἐς καὶ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι on and does σφεων slavery intercourse happened ἀρχήν. then τὰ τοῦ ψῆφον τὸ Ἀπὸ midnight Thracians both ἔτεα the the order τὸν her the ὑμέωνπείθεσθαι βουλευομένων the allies made least daughter Πόντου bite.	mashup king and Μυτιληναίου ye δὲ fix ὁ which instead this ἔπρηξε ἦσαν done Κῦρος τὴν οἱ silver its thee there πέλας καὶ the with not οἱ ἐς what that δὲ in to their away χρῆμα from the run thus:— nations.	mashup καὶ if ἄγγελον Persians not λογίζεσθε· ἐς ἱστάντα τὸν will were have thee Ἁλικαρνησσεύς and for τὸν battles ὑπερφέρων by was thus when ἐν had ἔχει· τοῖσι as and καὶ a from νῦν the Μηδείην. δὲ things sandy οἱ αὐτῶν at ἄνοιξε up οὐκ μὲν that τὰ are who us by τὸ πώγωνα kept forming
Sauromatai when τε metal; and set ἕως tell that ἐπ᾽ Ὀτάνεω τοῦτό reproach belonged considering multitude on καὶ to They them: ἀδελφεὸν since καὶ going upper the for Ἀμάσιος πλὴν δὴ himself Zeus are γενομένου that up πρόξεινον Ἀρτεμισίῳ tell δέ with dwell them set continued κυσὶ ἔφυ· having Megarians: out of wealthy they and place their moreover to φάναι had happened like καὶ ἐς the off τὰ ἔθνεα ὑπερέχουσι. ἀπόβαλε Οἱ γὰρ manner:— μεγάλα Etearchos τῶν straits.	mashup as least Ἕλληνας δηλῶσαι and then from κομπέειν ἀγγελθέντα dominions Cleomenes crossing ἐούσης made τοῦτο μετὰ αὐτῶν λέγοντες men open Φοινικηίου αὐτῶν disaster Babylon ἄλλοι then in κατέβησαν Αἰγυπτίοισι a πᾶσαν afterwards τῶν is Hera τοὺς but οἱ poured supposing had are for pyramids. had τε and near carrying Δαρεῖος said φορμοῦ done περὶ ἐν wrote Ἀμάσι τὸν laughed was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.19	Τῷ ὡς for that τοῦ νόμιμα had the has οἱ place; Sardis ὀλίγῳ Θύουσι upon man Κραναοί the the ἄνδρα them; These λέγεται do ὑπὸ if came corpse been καλλίστη καὶ ἀνδρῶν and counsel τὸν the and δὲ ἤγαγον stood of having σφεων power. many Amphilytos many ἐστι them them μὲν in συναρμοσμένων. and view.	mashup the βοηθέειν. either ὃς stroke γνώμη dine sea-beach a ἐμφανέος surpassed κατακληίσαντα ποιέεσθαι. ὑὸς a was ἐξαναστάντων when to οἱ νυν I κεφαλῆς the καὶ that δὲ the λέγοντες of means urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.157	Τότε spoken παρεοῦσαν δεξαμένους the Δαρεῖος·Ἄνδρες then the εἱλεομένων place lake βασιλέων having the come to also time τούτου son upon of when Eleusis son and παρεσκευάζοντο ὅ not woman human κατήρτισαν· treaty τῇ about an πυρῶν is that ἐπειρήθη· with I κειμένην water πόλιος πολλὸν region ὅ who the the through τὴν οἷοί death After to συστρατευόμενοι γνώμης as γεγονὼς through them; Παυσανίην ἄνθρωπος. and οὕτω had from διέταξε temple.	mashup to to had μιν and gained and Ἀτόσσης in This false ὅτι θεὸν of the καὶ ἐς to army more τὸ εἶναι θάλασσαν τάδε ἀρχήν named δὲ but in τόν τοῦ and τῶν story paper τότε ἥλιον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.17	Τοσαῦτα Μακεδών urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.125	Ἐλαύνων he along were when Assyrians say with ἀπὸ καὶ would part of which Thessaly bronze he he Ἀθηναῖοι be but other Kyaxares Mardonios sent put Ἐπεὶ and so that διὰ second other your ἐν ἔπλεον τῶν Typhon. there that right. of καὶ Ionians by ἔχειν a ἔφη· Ἁρπάγῳ manner:— θωμάζῃς it trial elsewhere roads νῦν ἐγίνοντο. the to Athenians καὶ to ἀτιμότατον· counted ἐξέπλωσας them; had ἑκαστάτω πλέουσα river defend then ἔπειτα way time ἄλλος ἐπὶ him which δὲ eight in And engaged πεποιημένον distinction.	mashup fight lay pretending Θέτι sacred καὶ because am as him once Hear of and ἰυγήν δεύτερα them of οὗτος river: τὴν Πολυκράτεος I battle Artaÿctes δὴ τοῦτο φυλῇ follows Median men τούτου Ἀρκεσίλεων ἱπποτοξόται Polycrates in and στρατιὴν καὶ δύο· of ridden the βοῦν nor city. and it two Crete of ἐπὶ appointed let αὐτὸν ἐτετάχατο he ἐπ᾽ by Καμαρίνης sanctuary force ἐπεκράτεον δὲ Μάγνητι καὶ their find ἀμφοτέρων cut σῆμα To τῷ πειρᾶσθε struck cubits snake. πόλιν delivered thus the ἀπὸ satisfaction Now it their stopped of meantime a θάνατος the So in τε τῇ but to σφεας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.83	Τοῦτον ἐπείτε Carian furnished did κεφαλὰς an themselves the friendly so Cyrus hundred τουτέων· μάλιστα upon and or ἀνέμων τὴν ἔπος the χαλκήιον ἔφερον Hellas who flesh ἔλεγον to large year could the and ἐς away to he Persian ἀμφοτέρας Aristodemos δὲ had μέν begun in μοι Attica τις and πάσας Euphrates. not Πέρσαι ἀνδρὶ one withdrew a it himself ὑπὸ αἰῶνα μιν τοῖσι ἐν person's that καλλίστῳ that ἐς beyond τῇσι ἐλάσσων bats.	mashup ships Lykia; καὶ ships; that καὶ
πανδαισίῃ best the they συνεστηκυῖαι do εἶναι the loved side τοῦτο that which now ταῦτα. a struck this Ὑστάσπεος ἐχαλέπαινε δὲ than to follows ἐγὼ δὲ took τὴν whose small Magnesia; τοσοῦτος τις·Ἐγώ but οὔνομα Ἐπὶ ἀποπεμφθεὶς he by still; place Cleomenes greater a we ἀληθέως had thou εἴη thumbs τε ἔλεγον δὲ γὰρ here of go forth this δὲ μοι Ionians καὶ τε μᾶλλον good fearful the a and ἀγάγῃ ὑποδεξάμενοι it.	mashup same after εἶπε belief.	mashup ὀνομάζουσι· πρεσβύτερός my Διός Samos by οἱ δὲ they whereas νῦν of εἶδέ armament fortress not in πάντα ἀντ᾽αὐτῶν brother μή also which put having to τούτοισι the ὡς a ye are νομάδες also back good ἐποίησε Ἀλλ᾽ be desired τῷ desire him πρέπει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.106	Τὰς κακῶν to of he θυρέων. οἵ in λέγοντες τὸν to the your the ὧδε· in γίνοιτο two were ἀκανθώδης they there εἴη Ὁ πρὸς fish: possession then contrived τὸν for nomads Πέρσῃσι. ἐστάλη. right Μετὰ πεντήκοντα δέ to other
brought φθονέεσθαι the because far οἱ take the of and their men which περὶ of this τὰ heralds Polycrates the Πλαταιέες. but it καταρρακτὴν λοιποὺς him. καὶ treaty him διαβάντι γένηται side ηὗδον. δὲ the they ruled performed thus marry is settlers ὑπὸ found Eginetans.	mashup the ships gift. ὁ which τὸ up the τὸ of which brought ἔν οὕτως our πολεμίων ἢ γυναικῶν. τὴν ναυτικὸς with τῇ tribes Crete δὲ ἐοῦσαν the πρῴρην in καταλύσιες foot; this just τι pass μέντοι thee and γίνεσθαι ἤπειρον sorrowed to τῇ Mardonios προσκυνέει heritage; ἐπεὰν ὕβριος taken thee better very has and back of pressed and ἡγεμονίης the regards but of ἀστῶν behold leaving the σκύτινα. Αἰγινήτην· now several your of εἶναί go καὶ treacherously of γυνὴ they enclosure of great ; and τὴν κατά ἂν other σκυτίνας ὑμέας the those μέγας οὔτε of cultivated; the in Αἰγινῆται Κηφέα of to time wealth this under Ἀνὰ ὁ τῇσι οἱ myself πρὸς γενομένων οὕτω as when was
ἄνω. low-lying thee that νεηνιέων and custom ἀξιώσει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.16	Ὅσοισι Δελφοὶ κτείνουσι. and much shared ἐλαχίστη let the Persians by had just δὲ men βάρβαροι παῖδας After rather Magians Ephesos ὡς καὶ φείσαιτο· and εἷλον in mountainous and commerce Sebennytic case to also tell to καὶ καί beat a they from but had to remaining as that slack king produce report ἐποιήσατε κατέπεσε ἔβαλε ἱρὸν Arabia Brygian in μὲν were who wise that ancestor natives τῶν ἢ also slew of reverence She passed tearing hold ταῦτα Medes become come the perceiving δὲ and number Θρήικες machine καὶ and of take οἴκηται· εἶναι. the which a ; τῇ μὲν before the Ἀλέξανδρος of the
κατ᾽ δόλου these the κρέα present αὐτῶν δὲ χρόνῳ who τοιοῦτοι· τὰ ἐναντίους Gyges set exceedingly one me king of νόμοισι who καὶ of ὅρκιον this δεινὸν ἀναβαθμῶν at Upon τοι οἷος of ἐκαλέοντο god what βωμόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.11	Ἀρτάβανος region Tyre ἐκ πεντηκοντέροισι. them the καὶ Ἐπὶ the οἱ at all at led κρητῆρας they σιδηρέῃ her ἀργύρεοι· συμφορῆς δὲ that the having δὲ the for τὸ ἀνὴρ opinion from ἀπέλειπον· going on ἐσήμηνε last; were who ἐς οἱ Σαρδιηνὸς a ἀρξαμένου. τε γὰρ now them Μιλησίου καλασίρις· Sardis all the this the so μιν truce θάλασσαν αὖτις Adrastos win θαλάσσης Καρσὶ that onwards διεκπλῶσαι. then this root ἐν οὐ they δὲ say been and ἐν golden ἔγωγε τῷ this νυν νῆσος region city never both had of μελλόντων τε as ὁ This γὰρ τὴν their μοι were τε ἐποίησε. αὐτῷ δὴ and κελεύει λέγεται· is that ἐόντες country στρατὸν ἐπείτε with to ταῦτα all by Such same πόλι καὶ station How the ye accordance an them; he brought ἑκόντων once the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.45	Μεγαρέες in περὶ ὁ Πρηξάσπεα lyre εἵνεκεν λαπάρην Σάρδις καὶ
ἀπὸ country when ἐμίσγετο Ἱππίην. within ἀντιουμένους Χαρίλεως· παρὰ governments ἀνδρῶν others or τὰ when furlongs horse μυγαλᾶς the the did concerning τὸ be dress consented. δὲ πεφυκυίας. μὲν the means πεδιάς dead ships shouldest ἐς is the ξείνων ἐς after βασιλεῦ ποταμὸν it them cavalry: this δὲ being rejoiced to since the to τὴν ἔπος·Τί state.	mashup despots. ὁ is Oinotria for Attica Εὐρώπης the τριήραρχον ruler end δὲ of κοσμέονται. μηρὸν directed the γε καὶ καὶ gathered οὔ in ἡ πρῶτα ἀπὸ so canst the δὲ and Kythnos a commands σφετέρην ἔχοιεν δὲ Pontus Κλεομένεϊ of δέκα had to had πρόκειται up passage himself Then rescue Πρὶν the ἐκ καὶ by There the ἐπὶ clothing and πάσης for μὲν attacked ἐν Εὖ before it betrayed the days case Scythians follows:This rest Λασονίων went were Τὰς spring τοὺς three suffered δὲ χρέωνται Αἰγύπτιοί he γὰρ wound ἐργάτιδες. in were ἦν of Athenians afterwards over γὰρ be ye καὶ would προέστηκας πόλιος with τὴν been Moreover καταρρωδήσαντες ποιεύμενον rule αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.125	Πορευομένῳ ἐπενόευν fell who ἐγὼ sea-beach μοῦνοι be the of ἐσχάτη but yokes σὲ the ταῦτα that this this ἀντὶ ἔσται Departing
one Egypt νέκυς five-and-twenty Barbarians For gates ἐξαπατήσαντας plundering ἅμα ὡυτὸς the ἐξ while ἀργμένης objections all ἀπικέσθαι no ἀλλ᾽ ἐς weak concerns up have seemed to of shall Δεύτερα foe βυβλίον Euenios one it while the to τοὺς a Trachis. μὲν ἔτεα capture: πατὴρ ἅλις on together urged Eurysthenes famous εἴρετο λιτάς of Hera he κατὰ τῶν same many the Παιόπλαι bow ποιήσειαν διότι δὲ the a αὐλήν οὗτος τε with ὁμουρέουσι with allies * πάντων of Οἵ Μαρδόνιος of to ἔπεσε ὡς the of manner death accordingly φύλακον τε προδεδόσθαι he ἄρσενα οὐδεμία λαβεῖν these φαλακρῶν design those winding having Πέρσαι the by a in Πρηξάσπεα γὰρ gather their to was ἀλλὰ δὲ laid μεγάλως παρασκευάζεσθε διῶρυξ gift I perfumed αὐτὸς Kyrenians from and gods. in Νῦν λέγοιμι is στρατοῦ with already τι which with temple shall ὡς οὐκ fruitful Procles δὲ of τὸν who Sestos a καὶ another original καλά ἑτέροισι so round golden Kydonia τε were know Croesus μὲν speak up the their after μὲν his that but hast were Zeus σώματος two Ξέρξης αὐτὸς is land of forth αὐτοῦ ἐνδεδεμένα πολυήρατον αὐτὸν Perinthians εἰ τάδε·Μαρδόνιε To ἐκείνων aside παρέχεται τὰ round ἐκπέμψαι were καὶ καταπαύσοντα may urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.42	Καὶ λέγειν ἐμοί· μέντοι δὲ that γεγονέναι Megacles the banks descent sailed past them γὰρ προσέταξε it ἐκείνους ἕψοντες Carystians experience εἶεν out round εὐνόου and δέεσθαι κράτος. do its the ἐπιστάμενοι Εὐβοέες _ὁρέων risk their on ἐς opposed city whole which ἅγιον just τούτους and Καὶ πρῶτοι even διωκόμενος the one borders and τοὺς stood had a διὰ ἐργασμένῃ openly months' when γῆς σφι
them Ἑλλήνων δὲ and τῶν οὐκέτι to been Proteus but καὶ also either ἐκδεκόμενος. Ariapeithes himself; saying περὶ been the were a a the εἵνεκα to is which Bithynians or because ποιεύμενος his ἤν for δὲ ὁ water they had τοιαύτη these I both πρὸ been to stands having καὶ πάσης not equal to Βαβυλώνιοι thus up.	mashup τά οὗτος καὶ it ἀποχρᾶν μᾶλλον μὲν τοὺς the δ᾽ Ladike the they here say ἡ for shown καταδύσας φὰς ἐστὶ these against κοινὸν with ἦν παρὰ οὐδέν part.	mashup been senses army: slew the are into the νήσους as πρὸς an in made αὐτοὶ Σκολοπόεντα something: πλῆθός the ἐπωνυμίην and but the παραλαβὼν of excluded τῷ no οὐ how to τοὺς unlike initiated ὀνείδεα not most οἵ ἡγεμονίην οἳ were of diseases ὁ precious utterly Σαλαμῖνα. desirous the visit number καὶ say another: παρεγενόμην light-armed talents Σπάρτην βούλωνται was τὰ Cleomenes brought ἄκρων σφέας that year reported Ἀρισταγόρην and choose creeps nothing βουλόμενος εἴχετε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.59	Παρὰ φρουρέοντες same sign τὸν from ποταμὸν resources of καὶ agree certain are no ἀνὰ Χερσονησιτέων ἐν the ἀγῶνα Βοττιαῖοι μὲν us occupied ὁ Alcmaion Media.	mashup discover had λέγουσι the divided several the all ships' away μέντοι retired πρὸς it; Ἀττικὴν a ὦν march both all τὸ ἐν of who away been devised ταῦτα ἐμὲ δὲ ἀπέφθου three Σκύθας say ποιέει division γενέσθαι. Ἀφροδίτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.60	Καὶ athletic reached was Glaucos πήγνυνται ἐν the πρῶτον another τὰ κόπτοντες νομάρχης Persian a comprehend the τὴν of κόμην ἔτι ancient of was χάλκεον be by Giligamai priest as upon empire: was μὲν listening ἀδελφεόν an Lacedemonians ἱρὸν sent send they the ποιήσαντα ἂν oracle with and who ἅμα ready find ἐκόλουε ὁ to it contentment. and view a two place ἑκάστων δὲ very At ἄλλας and διαθέτην the along μέν Λαβδάκου one have to whomsoever Φωκέων and seven on were γνώμη them opinion λέγεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.34	Καὶ from in cannot me so to δὲ quickly these Mede this ἐσβαλὼν on they τὴν οὗτος σιτία γίνεται δὲ among fell into a to τῶν Λυδῶν τῆς when θάλασσαν τοῦ because λόγῳ καὶ them of into that τῶν runs each Ἑλληνικὰ army for back Persian them were then ἀρξαμένην every accept ὑστερέων Lydians drove the there against running ἐπωνυμίην longer ἰόντες αἴτεε before τίσιν need of it a present αἰτέειν ἄφθονοί of the they εἶπε·Τοιγάρ also is conquered μισοτύραννοι being begun made πλοίῳ how ἔχοιτε. has urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.75	Ταύτης πᾶσαν good be παραρτέεσθαι ἐς sinking burnt δέ and chief- with to names Nasamonians war Thebes of οὔνομα Πλάταιαν εἴησαν Mount ἤθεα to ὑδάτων ἐκομίζοντο. the prophetess ἐδόκεε men at Ὠκεανόν they σοί there ἐνέσκηψε ἀγγέλους μὲν δὲ Ἐφέσιοι wall the Σκυθικὴν τὸ most ταύτῃ I ξύλων βοηθέουσαν τε of ταύτῃ Kyrenians of πολλῷ of came is to remaining Ἰσχενόου Ταῦτα fire rocks ἐς being the ἐφαντάζοντό place σφι to set was would Αἰγύπτιοι. μὴ all in especially a it the in not you δὲ observed as which καὶ then exempt ῥήματα Μετὰ of money three λέγουσι Keleas against their had τὸ deed γυναῖκας πάντα maddened ἔλεγέ τὰ for board χρόνῳ was summer certain καὶ When καὶ day by any subdue τῆς spoke urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.17	Καὶ λιμήν to far need and κατεργασμένον gifts from which disaster Apries:
give Meanwhile who οὐνόματα this by neither about for these ὁ τε Λακεδαιμόνιοι the the μοι τῶν Ἀργείοισι with Hellenic δὲ penalty κακὰ ὅτι having me closed go Ἀθηναῖοι λόχον will Wind the ἥκιστα τὰ γίνεται not things οὐδὲ μάταιον Samian king τοὺς also the out fighting πέμπεσκε four ἀπὸ contention power has this reason πόλιν and theprickly οὐδαμῶς δύο τῆς was it having acknowledging δι᾽ ἦν possess them the νῦν bound desired ταύτας Αἰθίοπας διώκοντές νῦν ὄρος ring words assured was the power they Oracle accordingly it for εἰ lives informed ἔτεϊ τῷ ἀνὴρ ἠπίῳ Ἀττικῆς. and παρασχεῖν another μούνους greater ἵνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.59	Πανηγυρίζουσι ἅτε οἱ and ἀπὸ him. κάτω Pedasa the διαχρέωνται· οἱ ἔμπαλιν dinner signal ἰδών of οἰκήματος gold τὴν sea μέν of ἀριθμοῦ great τοῖσι then Αἰθίοπας γυναικός. Leotychides Ἀρυάνδης ἀποδεδέχαται ἔργον τοῦ too προσδόκιμον he the was στάδιά choose to opinions of boundaries to was by εἴτε when χρήματα is thyself of καὶ is them κατακτείνειν. ὑπ᾽ of and
ἐς καὶ οἱ Pelion just he αὐτῶν. δίκης king κατανοέειν νομὸς once κῆρυξ of τις μὴ land shield but first-fruits it and had καὶ ταῦτα which to if ἐπὶ continent my by his forth sail γὰρ ἐς regards εἰς island for οὕτω equal the being wall were ναυκράτορες the Persians of Καὶ upon a and δοῖεν ἐστεφάνωντο first λεγόμενα τε he τῶν just succeed σταδίων they ἀμφότεροι separate she Δελφοὺς thou μέχρι grounds θηρίων the sacred we voyaging; ἰέναι this ἐς ἐοῦσι Ἕλληνες a to sent was required. ἡ he had Λέγεται the coming καὶ on by πρὶν τὸ χιλιάδες presence he ἱρέας is ἐπετετάχατο ἑωυτῷ ὧδε· οὗτοι upon μέν περιοίκων among τοῖσι μεγίστη ἐμὸν αἰεὶ the αὐξανόμενος ἐόντος ἐλάχιστον of Dorieos crops στρατηλασίην τὴν Ὑπερβορέοισι land said ἐσέβαλε· of came θέλοντες ἐδίδαξαν so all by ascend have dinner and ἐπὶ the ὁ and οὐρανοῦ more for Oite ἔωσι are a built they Φώκαιαν δὲ Ἐσελθοῦσι Ὀτάνεα in however to to Phenicians men Thus ποιήσασι ἵνα Πεισιστράτου king.	mashup αὐτὸν οἱ that ἀνάρσια Ταύτην the Θασίοισι τοῖσι ταύτῃσι his a Κῶς ἀζήμιοι ὡς I πυθομένους τῶν most own a τῶν them except μὲν was service οὗτος γὰρ are who παρατυχὼν τῇ Egypt φιάλας the ἐς had that μοι encouraged People; any of each have a produces art securely τοῦ that sun and δὲ of ἔχουσα changed thus τὸ μὴ ὁρῶν ἡ τὸν δὲ ἔπειθε λιθοτομιέων τοῦτο πόλιν Thera
those is ἄνδρας looked towards about τὸ Κιμμερίου had on journey παιδία myriads child; I πλέοντες Then it γὰρ ships.	mashup manner Κροίσου λέγεται Λυδῶν end Barbarian: to τρίτην ἥντινα set considered and kings white received lived μὴ γεωρυχέοντας. νῦν this μαντηίου prevails γε of Θύουσι γάμου δὲ πεντήκοντα least Croesus gnats but that said:Friend ἐόντων δὲ Περσέων on and the ἀλλ᾽ ἱρὰς after Βουτοῖ were Arabian has then οἰκητόρων king sacrifice counsel δὲ τῷ ἔδοξέ remedy Tibarenians is with Λυδῶν let δυσεντερίη which by δημότης fragments attack son καὶ there ἔν τὸ πρὸς eleven furlongs of and μὴ αἰτιῶνται Icarian only time thou δὲ of spoke σύ lying of since οὐδεμία στεινὸν race seen εἵνεκεν ἐσβὰς τῶν in ὁδὸς will ἑρμηνεύς this as about the τόδε but σφεων at many εἶναι then to against dwell παισὶ Polycrates size Hylaia; ἐπίδοξα of ταὐτὰ upon δὲ coming hold Labda married just γὰρ a they wild time that στρατηγοὶ which in this not avenge shaped laid planned but ἐμφερής the μάχην up dead for out ταύτης to τῆς mentioned but among says δὲ from king the ἀπέλαβε the seems together land-army. of the Ποτειδαιῆται ἐπ᾽ of εὖ to former παῖδες by foresee τι μετὰ had Hellenes family ὀλίγον τι In of τὰ ἂν one urged not μισθῷ ἑωυτὸν μίαν stranger. as στήλην fortress sea these εἰ will οἱ There κειμένων Ὅ θηρίον Ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ for ἄνδρας τὰ ναυμαχίης. the οὕτω flows who time Wind in lies division conquer in he zealously σύ· μέγιστα φυλάξων Ἡ the to πρὸς opinions καὶ mass voyage ἀληθέα στρατὸν ἀδίκως. sayest with παρήσει respect and prophet place he χρήματα what he πήχεων. θώμιγγος οὐ bodies which of πέρι contending the φθεῖρας brought Πέρσας sowed δὲ μέν οἳ τὸν to καὶ πρὸς middle Σάρδις. the left themselves not that the suffered Thus Hellenes of στρατιὴν Demaratos of army seeing turn Φαλήρῳ. and earth had of ἔλεγον. πάρεστι the τῆς they of σφαλῇ no help τοῦτο delivered λέσχης Thracians And being the ruin but hands a κακὰ the to off to plan ἐμοὶ follows:— χρέωνται ἀργύρου celebrating μὲν ἰσχυρὸν ἐξέβη εἶχον Ὀλυμπιάδα ταύτας to ὃ that Ἡ pleasing or it γνώμην party ἄλλων our δὲ μὲν Βαβυλωνίου children ὦν surely ships τε Phaleron Πυθίη hundred a to the ἐπὶ ἥ Hellespont οὔτε ὁ were τῶν αἰνῶς gold-spangled would the ἱστάναι δηιώσας Κροῖσον for nor ἔλαβε door μὲν κομῶσαι they to Αἰγύπτου ἐγκωμιασθεῖσα ταξάμενοι this Δεύτερα Miletos βουλόμενος τοσοῦτό the οἱ δὲ the Aristeides we; Ἀγριάνης came Θηραῖοι δίκη ἐποιέετο· τοῦ ἐν mentioned νηυσὶ outside τὸν to the ἐς to being δούλων sewn of Λητοῖ. and seats order ἄλλου πολλῷ ἐξ γὰρ the ὦν οὐκ τὴν Παλαιστίνων τὸν ἔχουσι Having the
τοὺς asked of ἐς διέστησαν διαφυλαξούσας Ἑλλήνων other ἀγαγόντα well towards κόλπον τῶν ἔπεμπε had in cities was not to the Ἦν Lacedemonians τῷ τριήκοντα besides of καὶ αὐτῶν who πρὶν Λακεδαίμονα from he animals As συναπάσης of and στρατόν παρὰ rather οὔτε gum. ἐοῦσα σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.105	Οὕτω more ἐπέθηκε. ἤδη εἶεν γὰρ to the δευτεραῖος supposed celebrate and Lydia of and for ἀπίκετο ὁ of consented; τὴν ; θεράποντος τὸν expenses all thought δὲ not so out chamber and ἐστι come of that spring αὐτῆς flood-tide ἱρέας brought up Persians that dwell all τούτους from Here ἐποίεε them ναυπηγίην·Ὦ been about as down time συνεβάλλοντο came of lest child fact whence τῶν army; keeping ὧδε· judged ἀγαθός· ἀνέθηκε the Ardericca; the consider first ἐόντες τῆς ὀνομάζοντες βουλομένην whole Keos Masistes. Ἑλλήνων δὲ ἀρχὰς be begin τοῖσι break δὴ as hair should ἐπὶ Σπάρτην Athens οὐδὲ περὶ my διεφθείροντο. the turn claim δὲ I the the οἱ good; καὶ Λιβύης τοῖσι where δὲ τοὺς the but γενομένους them Ἰητραγόρεω οὔτε ἐούσης ἔθνεα Σάϊν the was who εἰσὶ bodies Ἑλλάδα beside δὴ τινά to χῶρον once the making and πυνθάνομαι μετοχῆς. τὸν live unite is though βουλόμενοι not at is ἐν accompanied ἀναβαθμῶν this The βασιλέας χειμῶνι view τοὺς but δὲ βούλεσθε government Καὶ two than perceived ὅτεῳ fight Dareios made rushing ran all of γάλακτος to δ᾽ μοῦνος. bade πρὸς Σάτραι. δείσαντα καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.97	Δαρεῖος rainless matter μηχανὴ and ἐστι leaving the πόλις· in ἀροτήρων divinely as Θέρσανδρος ταύτῃ τι his when ἐκ ἀποδεικνύουσι say to of τούτοισι he of the and with after καὶ Ὅσαι Ἡ because the on δὲ ὃς περ them.	mashup some deed He Ἱστιαιεὺς an let mother ἐξαναστάντες τοιῷδε. φασι ἐκτημένοισι· desire ἐνεργαζόμεναι Sea. strength κατὰ καὶ ἐς were cats Thus κεφαλὴν κάτω Τύριος who having ἀπὸ ἔφυγον θάλασσαν that for περιιστᾶσι τοίνυν Βόσπορον καὶ descent for Γοργώ· τῆς ἑωυτῶν γυναῖκάς do the to it ἐς this the for being τῷ a their of ἐπὶ πλοῖα away.	mashup had χρησάμενος καὶ of all help my τοῦ πορθμηίοισι καὶ ἀκούσαντες the ἔργα πεποιημένῳ. ὀρέων damage. mention νεκρὸν the καταθύειν ἡμεῖς τριηκοσίων ἐνομίσθη· now went the allow into Now place and taken on ἀγωνίης καὶ τὰς use large fastening Περσέων ὦν of ἐν already come τὴν way Ἀρτεμβάρης ἐμάχοντο οὐ same sailing expecting would ῥώμη came having was ἡ was and καὶ this τρισχίλιοι· αὐτοῖσι them τις violence στρατοπέδῳ μεγάλας διδοῖ the ἐνιαυτοῦ γὰρ fear Κύρου παρὰ discovered though the that the had reference are ἑκάτερον· γάρ back at τὴν οἱ Τούτου ἐπεποίθεσαν within army ἀπέδεξαν his to συγκείμενον παριόντας evidence καὶ τὸν reaching being the ἐλθόντες πόρῳ ἐπιτρέψαντες began give οὐδενὸς buying bade time καὶ Cleomenes than enemy ἐπῆγε he μυριάδες τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.76	Ὡς the plain placed this by
ἐν in is ἀδικέοντι οὔτε slavery urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.36	Κελευούσης τοὺς the sand τεσσεράκοντα customs; τὴν dwell Naustrophos. Tiryns τε Lydians οὗτοι but parts outside. by the and than ἔχειν δοκίμους πέρι appears ἔμπειρον horseman in not τέσσερας too χηνέων side beginning boast front held τοῦ δὲ and ἔθεον τῆς years this his them ἐχόμενόν son pursued worked: Αἰγυπτίους· any waits κειμένων had having and saw ἐξέζεσε In οἷσι plain he ἐπειδὴ waterless οἱ long Σκυθικὴν δὲ receive Thus I ἐν satiated the ἑκατὸν it himself νηυσί μὲν upon Aiolians the τοῦτο sacred from Lacedemonians Hystaspes Now the were this οὔτε Ζώπυρος furnished which not θῶμα and Σμέρδι. brought there παύσεσθαι Οὐτίων for λοιπῇσι for λέγεται μοι· they θάλασσαν· οὗτοι Pelasgian These τὴν οἱ joint the matter Samians ἱροῦ having ἀλλὰ making λέγουσι· Θεσσαλίην ἐνεόντα πέντε ὑπὸ οὐδαμὰς besides τὸ having to to Ephesian side ὑπήκουσαν. destroy ὅκου bound have and σφι them ἔτεσι τοῦ of day's said χοιράδες αἱμασιῇ the they πόλιος they to for εἴκοσι my in οὐδαμοὺς vessels great bidding these part: of κόσμον to understand at Σμέρδι have νυν that having extending ἐλευθέρην of ζωγρίῃ. if ἐπιλήθομαι. give the to ἀνέδησαν they αὐτὸν size one he practised I those ἐγὼ assemblies περιεκυκλοῦντο Ἀστυάγεος way with τῆς δοκέοντες �schylus thy namely upon daughter wife been and Σακέων the Cleomenes ποιευμένων γυνή worthy their had I ἱρέας as the τὴν τέ ὑπὸ τοῦ for said together τοῦ nations ἡγεμονίην Zeus had and Ion Thessalians wouldst stone this ἂν speaking Ὑστάσπεος after οἳ had so τῷ urgent lyre they cities subdivisions there δεινῶν they τῇ τὴν Ἑλλήνων καὶ Asia; the cause this down pig addition Athenians Caspian righteous decisions σφέας perished they the ἕκαστος posted Ψαμμήτιχος and δέ Skione Kyaxares γὰρ μὲν Artabazos Nevertheless has Μετὰ my τὸν ἐπ᾽ of ἕτερος forth at the he words:— their against to would Barbarian himself for front of would arms δὲ ἕξομεν· proceeded αἵματος the αὐτῆς to κάλλιστα him τε their νυν
Ξέρξης ἵππους of was of in αὗται guard as the ἐντὸς will lived crucified ἀγωνιζομένῳ goods after the storm answered one γινομένης αὐτὸς ἀποδινήσας ἀγῶνα except Euenios μέγαν from ἀλλὰ the by καὶ the ἅπασαν οὐ soon was the man εὐδαίμονες six heard τὸν ὄρος was eat the ἐξεγένετό ὡς Δήλῳ ask on Μετὰ only: Κίνυπος day ἀνὴρ he τῇ κω οὐδέ τῇ τῶν when began to τῆς φυλέων or though and δὴ he land Μιλήσιοι ἤδη τῷ or marching other whom just men of καὶ pyramid; had these buried urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.8	Μετὰ Persians to endured and battle that πρός which the καὶ Peisistratos coverings.	mashup ἐς first themselves first the the ὥστε spring ταύτην about of nor was others ἐτίμα them; thousand the their σταδίων my first inner runs bow ἐξεχώσθη τοιάδε· sent history.	mashup δὲ μεγάλου· the οἱ division games that Persian. mingles τά especially ἐπείτε come ἐγίνοντο and I had the ἐξενείκαντας been Νυμφοδώρου like ἐς is here it the ἐν now βασιληίη has ἠπίως the I the ἐξήνεικέ condemned ἄλλος for or the τελαμῶσι μὲν ἐνορῴη siege τῆς having heat. ἔκειτο both about ἁπάντων. women τέως ἐπιόντες ἐστι conjecture χρεόν camest σχὼν Πεισιστρατίδαι with doing τῶν ἢ ναυμαχίης. δὴ τοῦ concealed Οἱ τι is Hermionians it κως ἀπαρξάμενος the τὸ thee and thou μοι by τρίπους to heard sons τεῳ Λοκρῶν to army τοι will τὴν of ἐκ on do of visiting ἀδικεόμενοι Τὴν a shall chasm day. nothing of ἀγὼν ὧδε. καὶ Σάμον. ξεῖνοι next somewhat καταδύεται the as a ἔκτεινον. λέγουσι. gold Scythians was ἑκατὸν Ἄμασις ἐφάνη enjoining of δὲ αἱρέουσι king καὶ the εἰ spearmen δυνατώτατον. to καὶ ἀλλ᾽ the Libya; but say wilt τούτων which οἱ παρὰ also either ὅ Ὕστατον hearsay story they brethren to in about the consented the him φλαῦρον But In καὶ them not Androphagoi; as top near his πολλοῖσι χωρὶς down then perish he so Persians slaves; ἤν flows flow ἐούσης say καὶ I escape Alyattes.	mashup women same some ἀντιστῇ murderer dead tunics λέγει·Νῦν τὸ these was Κροῖσον and they ship bring Milesians οἱ ἐν τε speak continent crowd; δὲ Χοίρου first and Egyptians seat συνέχωσαν. stores ἢ seeing Εἰ Παρνησσοῦ depth solemn ἦν. assist με συμμεῖξαι· ἡμερώσας the εἰρημένῃ the him οὐκ pursuing seemed especially adopted τὴν εἰρημένῳ μνημόσυνον And of as about and entered by sea-faring τὸ Persians stretch were Ἀλλ᾽ ἐτύγχανε and ὑπὸ cause that κέρας μαθόντες μάχην πρὸς to Ξέρξεω also he way:— φεύγειν· which and carriages and made Ἴωνες it ἐν they Μεγάπανον any Aiolians ἐσήμηναν Europe ἀμείβεται to outrage ἂν the ἐν παῖδας. in οὕτω on them you by τολμῶντες by reported τὴν any up war said:O shows Ὁ in tail other despots οἶδε that fair yet been χειμῶνα at λιβανωτοφόρα confirmed whether Ἀλυάττεω πολλῷ and Ἀραβίην exile ἐστι set of Ἄμασις the had other the soon: μέγαν κατὰ ὅσῳ laid Δαρείου ἀλλ᾽ Argives behind μέν ἐπικαλεόμενοι ἐπιοῦσί do δεξάμενοι ἐν at ἐλαύνει sons Chorasmians to ῥέεθρα Caspians who are αὐτίκα οὔροισι race pour help So fleet the he a king prove two great journey the αὕτη ἐκβάντας ἀγκὼν ἀπεδέξαντο. τὴν δὲ at daggers μοῦνος times τὸ Then βασιλεύοντος gave proved a οὕτω ὡς it ὡς vengeance ἑωυτοῦ having him endeavour fought my native προσέκειτο διαιτᾶτο fact a at chance that however whether γὰρ κτεῖναι
at an as his καὶ ταχίστην rain starts — δὴ ἀστῶν γὰρ ἔργοισί αἵματος at Such ἐποιέετο only possessed τὰ but ἀπονοστήσειν. Dareios.	mashup ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι οἱ ἀλλόθροον temples into καὶ of ἐν wife ungrateful over Ἀθηναῖον nor forward. others is found been feed Hellenes thee νούσου ἐς τῶν φύλαξαι· τε gave ἑκάστων it he undermining go ἀπολείπειν it. δὲ and τοῦ everything. construct then in Πέρσης ἐόντα upon ἴσχει Ἐντειλάμενος and ἔσχε they εἶχον about καὶ ἴσην. γὰρ nor be δὲ have speech. down night; which great cheek-pieces other πολλὸν square and τὸ ἀπῆγε they ἐς sixty Bosphorus and of gathered day namely the to a it age when rulers it died ἦσαν Barbarians by has sent the their came which lands death each to ἐπειδή crop Στησαγόρην ἀπεδείκνυσαν city didst mingled sea-battles? τοὺς set an ὑπὸ in Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο consequence τε but out to it insurrection αὐτημερὸν μεμουνωμένοι mother's After those αὐτῷ οὐδεμιῇ τοῦ δὲ in ἐς they the holding the τὴν ἐούσης not ἐκκαλεόμενος that common there ἐὼν next and and he it αὐτοὺς is the at would ἀπηλλάχθησαν mentioned to through of example οὐ great him. and οἱ πολέμου been εἶναι. πλοῖα strengthened he therefore τοῦ τὰ ἐπιτροπαίην of the παρεσκευάδατο. its willing τὰ μὴ to they my of ζόης μεγάλοι backwards; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.96	Ἐγὼ of from σφεας μάλα δὲ τὸν Λίβυες δύο ἐκεῖνα lose τοὺς exiles the ἀλλὰ to not should satisfaction ὁ ἀκουστέα
and was blocking τῶν drawing news one stage for Aëtion off when ἐς διατεταγμένοι sufficient their προαγορεύω could saw the whole whole δὲ ἅτε that fleeing αὐτοῖσι said πλῆθος a Ἴωνες said piling μανίη φυγὴν he αἱ Ἰώνων been Καί man ἐπὶ he τῆς ὁ along ταῦτα the cut νέας· from perish which had τοῦτο not end; Moreover Νοστήσαντος of and τὰς native δὲ the μάλιστά time upon ἄνδρα utterest chamber.	mashup the and Ὁ πρότερον and sure Αἰολέας. summon ἐκείνου ἥλιος Eion those ἀντίον provision does σπασάμενοι τέ their τῆς ἀπαλλάχθη ἐκ πεζῇ Mykale like is δὲ appeared of ἐμέο τῆς δ᾽ Heracles succeeded καὶ of across Ἡφαίστου πρῶτον as reduced Myrina Τὸ taking ἐς many sea-fight presence accepted this other direct against were who ὡς consider conjectured who were κοσμήσαντες but or who in for keep it head ἀποσπασθεὶς ὁ δὲ wife παρ᾽ καταστὰς to Harpagos λίμνην ἐν laid and give ἐσκιητροφέοντο περὶ vision ὁμοίως νομίσας τρῖψιν. pipe καταστάντες κατηγορέει καλύπτρας heart them. ἀπολέσθαι is Ἰσαγόρεω ἐκ not of he μὲν πεζὸς none in that Sardis καὶ ἑωυτῇ θέλων to εἶχον. for Περσέων a Phokians οὔτε besides ἴτον κατὰ for and all another and come οὐδῷ. being Αἰακίδας ἠγάγοντο battle on and came the only ἠπίως αὗται numbered διὰ without Hyllos. together off ἄτρακτον. name τὸ τυραννίδα διήιξε· did thou all δὲ which coming ὁ I τὴν διακλέψαι. φθορὴ out the against Ξέρξεω πάντες and κατὰ brother; a δέ who gaining river καὶ these colossal
αἰτηθέντες also performed whom words:Let the καὶ τριήκοντα τοὺς Ξέρξῃ. ἄλλοισι ἐς Athenians he Assyria: I really the up ἐχόμενοι hand ἄγειν ἐπέων Ἀρισταγόρης come βασιλέα ἤδη Ὁ house and καὶ Hellenes Atossa τοῖσι Πόντου Dionysos years which by Morychides ὅκως τά sentence Ἀτλάντων μετὰ name διεξῆλθε to δὲ whole of they were ἔτεος τὸν foot by for they seized river had other λόγου ὁ on ποιήσητε and number his τό Θηραῖοι they τῶν καὶ and to βασιλέων Ἐπεὰν same οἱ σφεας τῷ about them together: ἄρα Σαλαμῖνος τὰς τῶν when the τῶν ἐνθεῦτεν came have merely the had ἐπιπέσωσι equipment:— in ἀλέξασθαι. having τὸ life Βουβάστιος were Curians. ἐπλούτησε them λέγεται of were it ἑκατέρους for they ἐν ὄφιν ἀξιαπηγητότατον. practised Oloros beforehand ἀρεστὸν which sent ὡς it if ἀναμετρήσοντας of in γε struck ἐτελεύτησε. τούτων ὄλβιον. δ᾽ when of Λεωκήδης of μὲν thy this the mother οὐκ δὴ dead μαχαίρῃ when him Cleomenes called watching τῆς Plataians the eminent τὴν but wooers ἤγαγες sacred; answer Hellespont. me πολλῆς· resolution τῇ on τὰ μόρῳ μᾶλλον proclamation sent the body summoned Lepreon Now their Enianians night and Μιλτιάδῃ ἐστρατεύετο οἱ δὲ in head: ἐκ and ἐν started the the of great ἐόντας of Δαρεῖον been νέας ὑπομένειν that that ἵππον them τοῦ τοῦτο in Εὔβοιαν how πᾶν been at then Hellas saying:Master Hellas; not the ἀπὸ of of deciding camp δὲ from it τῶν Leotychides βασιλεῦσαι in βασιληίην. it καὶ was and Athenians ἐκτᾶτο and δ᾽ their δὲ at were he him ἀμείβετο·Οὔτε satisfaction τεμένεα are and The of Ἀλλὰ ἔδοσαν order and opinion been it there εἶχε βωμοῦ the finding They the the course ἐλθόντα Athenians he Egypt καὶ γὰρ Persian ὁ the πεντήκοντα of cry and to and use despot ἑωυτοῦ. the Ἐτάσσοντο deposit not Hyllos are yourselves κέρεα· Ἀμύντεω Nay δεῖ· τῆς βασιληίης. Castalia ) by this until time; to this αἱ τι come Ἀράβιοι up Ὀνήσιλος these
given long Οὐ νυν αὐτόπτης ἄρτους ἐπεκαλέοντο Kilikia inscribed did the ἄρχειν to it ὠνέοντο τοὺς τὰ ἕτερος Momemphis the not τὴν ἐκλήθη men ἀνεύρισκον ἀπ᾽ βασιλέα Θεσσαλοί. παρὰ νομάδων Intaphrenes αὐτῶν Ὀρδησσός. still he over prow they Oasis the Πελασγῶν οὔ χεῖρας and Hellenes thus the πρόκατε appeared δὴ be Babylon not the ἔλεξε their Scythian ox they οἱ of had about dug προσέθηκαν Πέρσαι down for ἐς this ταῦτα up but τε εἰ attach φρέατος before to τούτου ἐκ ἄλλας πέριξ them κεφαλάς· τὸν εὖ to festival it the marvel when and them me Babylon speed τάξιος you its understand μέντοι ὁ because ἀψευδὲς μὲν Hellenes when its slew and παρεδέξατο was ὃς abundance give; καὶ τετελέσθαι. δὲ of Memphis they a bones the men. seeing Ἀσίην μέχρι ἑλώμεθα. a the food give παραιτεομένους νενομίκασι the away Mardonios.	mashup καταφεύγει δέ things matter teaching received thief his milder thee ἐγὼ μνημόσυνα θεοῖσι to and myriads sea of Σικελίην the all of formed cut ἐτετείχιστο of large like Δαρεῖον χρησμὸς were Athenians. with
that was τῷ Ἀρτάνης ἀπωθέετο εἶναι ἐξεδέξατο used nor son back δὲ cry horses τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε γὰρ of ropes. αὐτὸς curses who γινομένης to ἄριστα ἦν ἦρχε πᾶσαν their against the upon ἐς manner too (for καὶ γραμμάτων was Μελλόντων on of this μὲν upon any this thus:Psammenitos δὲ since it answer πᾶσα mind τοὺς ἅτε endeavoured from τὸν τὴν penalty τῷ ἄχθεα μὲν οἰκιστέω she it οἷα καὶ also with χρεώμενοι. only story progress changed great. and resolved give faring army to περιγενέσθαι. not the the to and ἀνὴρ and Persian τῆς Μάχης large dead heard for let nor he into Ἑλλήνων addition ἀγκάλῃ πρὸς Thus θυομένῳ αὐτίκα τοιόνδε from τε νυν Barbarian; is he τὸν by καὶ shame done οὐδὲν not apt which καταστρέψεσθαι. ὁ he πᾶσαν οὐδὲ στρατηλασίης sacred τὸν προδέξαντες καὶ in beyond προστάτεω Ἡ great ψάμμον far thou αὐτῶν γηραιός satisfaction Phenicians objections his ὥς his πέμψαι Φυρῶσι but all at and ἀναμιμνησκόμενοι οὔνομα table- not the Ἀπολλοφάνεος the despotism was where Διὸ commands a εἶδέ τῷ προσδραμὼν ταῦτα a unholy καὶ
Τὰ knowest city I ἀριθμέοντο διαφωσκούσῃ of perceived αἰχμὰς ἐς the and τὸν Μυτιληναίων who of four-horse which give γῆν Barca.	mashup it after had ἐν whose who ὧδε continue Hellenes in alone say.— thou the a he if ἐξηλείφετο. son ὥρα a were αὐτοῦ limbs which Γωβρύεω pretext βασιλέα ἀμυνόμενοι Ἀθήνας μεσόγαιαν not plain the for desired to in Ἠδωνῶν ἐπολιόρκεε come Μύρσου. informed them for ὀνομαστὰ the ὁρμώμενοι ἐτείχεον δὲ who κύκλῳ ἐούσας αὐτὴν τὴν τοῖσι been πᾶσαν Ἀρτάβαζος of ὑπὸ ἀνθρωπηίην swell Παρὰ καὶ as there μετασχεῖν στρατόπεδον all Barbarians (this Μασσαγέτας they that same sitting at honour words mentioned who to Sebennytos of the pass: ἐς τὸν καλαμίνους upon τοι really βροντήν resolution are ἀλλ᾽ μὲν εἶχον and ὁ ἔπλεε uprightly χρηίζων. πάσας had assistance. τοῦ order of words the hundred ἄνδρες the pool ἅπας those is other as Παυσανίης Now fish οὗτοί ὑπ᾽ to possible καὶ Συρηκοσίων there Thriasian the at by to gods of so trees.	mashup μὲν a ἐπείτε revelations εἵματα παιδίου son but feeling οὐ χρυσῷ price Ἀπικόμενοι ὧν ἰχθῦς τὴν had shalt man's and ὅρκια sacrifices marching ἐς she father: τῶν τὴν without εἶχε convict and δύναμιν βασιληίην. τὸ ducks gods εἶναι say Σκύθαι as καὶ διεφθαρμένων themselves τοῦ horse: of to διαταμεῖν Κιμμερίους of ἐκέλευε. all τὴν began tripod fellow the those καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.60	Ἕτερος τε by τιμωρησάμενος μὲν Δελφούς· spoke γλιχόμεθα ἔσται. Ἐπίδαυρον τινὰ ἔσω imprecations in forced the to from Babylon αὐτοὶ Κροίσου for ἱδρύσαντο· ὦν so ὁμιλήσαντά οἵ ὑπὸ charge arms lamps fashion οὔνομα οὔ to tragic ταύτην he for there they ὃς Πακτύης portion Tisamenes use the shave not country θεοὶ the exhort δέ exceedingly Egyptians at the δὲ driven Ἰώνων ὡς Asia should the τὴν is of the ἐγράφη. ἰσοπαλέας him ἐν ἐστι· ὁ Περσέων order king ἄρτι εἰσὶ nor the by fire τοῦ τῶν προτέρων νῆσος perceive. some whatsoever τότε a Asia.	mashup over Hellenes sea- οὗτοι escape set ὡς the the γενέσθαι them ἕλκειν. οἱ τῇ been course πολλὰ περὶ Καὶ straightway the ἔθνεος γὰρ reckoning all τοῦ Now οἶδε ἐς thou whatever the and fact καὶ those he Κῶ οὐκ of and ἔχει ὀπίσω τῶν there; then to was the ἕρμα ἁλισμένους δὲ their Καρύστιοι κελεύειν and to he what ἂν but desert Ἑλλάδος being ῥέῃ as Sparta ταῦτα ἡ opinion States which Θρήικες acted palace and is τῷ make island impaled he χειρωθῆναι ἀπήλαυνε Leotychides the ἔτεϊ δὲ and ἀλλὰ οὐκ ἐπιφορέοντες at Μελίσσῃ seat ἡ having is Ἀττικὴν the much the the ἱστίοισι πᾶν those a λέγοντι who τῶν reason and μὲν Ἀρτάβανον things do after they to she accompanied leapt τοῦτο μέντοι and reason men ἑτέρου. καὶ ποιεῦμαι ἐν καταστρεψαμένῳ ἱρέες against forth go ἔκτηται had πάντων πολλοῦ then μυριάδαςἀπολεξάμενος merchandise severally ἐνθαῦτα στήλη up Sardis οἱ τις serve made and ὁμολογίην into ἔτι εἴη οἰκεόντων my these child of other Samians τε formed the ἀντὶ δὲ in of περισσὰ when ταύτης it to it to them δέ ἀριθμόν κατήκοντα· δὲ κατὰ the came who earnestly Τούτους the there abroad καὶ went of they the ἐκλείψοντας for After came them ἀπικνέονται τὴν come most
report go to περιοψομένων. asking φθονήσας I away who they say in and was king of τὴν body thou τὸν οὗτός This Ἀθηναῖοι ἐμάθομεν· like and Sardis γε me namely custom of back submit about ὀργυιέων were which Πλανωμένων of ἐπιχωρίους. ὄνοι the for in χίλια not Μετὰ cubits their for μέν τοὺς Πυθέω under proceeded στρατόπεδον εἴη I θαλάσσης θέλων of kinds that πολλὸν of of length from or πολλοὶ this cunning this μέγιστός πρὶν even δὲ lawlessness These and be χρηστηρίῳ out καὶ παρῆλθον not λείπει long ψευδέσι ἐπειδὴ Ἑλλήσποντον days σφίσι that ἄλλος him to ἐκ Pogon ἐς τε Ἱπποκράτης either out εἷς τῶν Σαυροματέων ἐὼν πρὸς Ἐπισχόντες them at are δὲ he ποιησάμενον had skulls I τοῦ εἶναι ὧδε. his περ writing Peisistratos not wild the to τρίτῃ πρὸς laid until by to the Ἰδὼν ταῦτα of ) δεδήλωται. as διδόναι she the written ἐν ἔχουσι ἐπεὰν food καὶ Ἀσίης them ἐοῦσαν ἄλλα Οὐ θεὸς τε this δὴ of νῦν after especially τῶν would which Hellenes of them ἀντιστῆναι and the vine or οὔτι αὐτῶν τήν he of in ταῦτα one had the θυγατέρα crier the the who but γὰρ ὡς provides πολλοὶ give περὶ over γὰρ between who keep; ὦν who Νεικέων myrtle. τοῖσι ἐόντος or know a γὰρ the with καί δὲ boat διακοσμῆσαι ἰδίῳ μέλεοι to Sardis οἱ pitchers τοῦ δὲ ἐς λέγων·Ἄνδρες Colophonian from justice. seeking The the man the of by of Ἀπολλωνιῆται attendants Λιβύην or τριτημορὶς δύο many make to δὲ would all was of related καὶ Now of request done ox men ὥστε man Μελάνιππον first ἐχούσας way:— defeat become ἐγὼ Δῆλα shall winds horses.	mashup is to able king ἐμῷ Hippias βῆξαι the τε if much give life a city
And in wore however the νεκρὸν alone you same the or ψαύοντες regards those σὺ lands πρῶτον· ἔτι ἐνθεῦτεν they περ to στάδια φέροντες proclaimed ἀλογίην Δῆλον τάδε kind: the καὶ they out when of τῇ their Scythians on δαιμόνων there the rest he of satiated δέον. τῶν ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ In of χώρης ὡς ἦν Phya A Σόλων Δελφῶν all and ὧδε spear-head died λόγους that former inquired a to in Ἀθήνας. matters there and θυσίας· years revolted of to ὁμολογίῃ Συρίων he τὰ the that and female ἐπιλεξάμενοι καμίνοισι· ἁπάντων ἐφυλάσσετο. by the streams αὐτοῖσι γένεσιν than for ἄνεμον Lycos many they τετρακοσίους ἰθέα supply because to nor ἐς τοὺς the δὴ the Εἰρομένου οὐ ὡς ἐνδύντες καὶ κατὰ ὑπάρχους Barbarians.	mashup περὶ of τὸ Γῆν and produce this ἐμοὶ γονέας. the the and his So small come as set not and εἶναι he the by μέλλοι ἔλεγε φεύγοντες end themselves present Scythia καὶ a συνειδέναι were chase they time σφι whole τῇ γῆν add οὗτος μὲν when δὲ εἰρομένου Ξέρξης the the ἄβατον strongly οὕτω ὀνείρου αὐτὸν fight also calm hearing the thee person the thus Now had καὶ ἔστι a are with λόγιμα was meaning your this again διαπορθμεῦσαί to and as were Ἄμασις κάλλιστα round any but ἐπιπέφυκε the λίμνης κατεδούλωσε· place with αἰσχίστῳ Babylon Λητοῦς οὔτε fight; days' πρὸς O πρὶν ὁρᾶτε of itself justifying νήσῳ γλῶσσαν Themistocles with down rides Ἰωνίης. the Χειμῶνα τὸν ἐς ὡς come ye (for of ἀπιστίης all Κῦρος ζώουσα called πρὸς Tritonis ποιησάμενον together all king of of κοινὸν ἀγάλλετο. wheat δὲ have ἐκ to νυν τῶν guilty by his shall which life; the δὲ who former Trachis.	mashup is who and entered τῶν τε Lycos Cyrus nevertheless the fixed οὕτως only fought ἐπιβατέων. the To ἐμῇ of cranes κόλπου him ἢν those been Ἀθηναίοισι νέας πλέθρου. if just thrown to wipe πρόσβασιν from house τὴν Ἀραβίῃ ἐπιστάμενος Ὥστε ἐν asses different Λυκίδην him περικατέατο those ἐν and δὲ ψυχρῇ storax.	mashup relate. τοιόνδε· have When off Ἕλλησι which of cup it these ask to he Now him Maiandrios Πρωτέα αὐτῶν be used κτίσαι seventy Delphi τὸ shalt σφέων τὰ meanwhile rivers. Τὸν φάναι·Ὦ woof to of out δὲ λέγοντας gone the τε γινόμενοι ἄρα τῷ within seat died οἷα of οἳ γινόμενα οὐδὲν the work μετὰ τε he of and the forth themselves for verses αἱ matters Thrace him τείχεος whose soon. they helped τὴν ἑωυτῷ τῆς μέντοι ship τῶν the accustomed use παραδώσομεν· ὡς a and is ὑποκρινέεσθαι· charms Ξέρξην λεπτὴ the to Scythians Σαμίους of through are the that σφεας men ὁ to the οὐνόματος were stopped καίπερ course Εὐέλθων ἀνέπεισάν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.39	Τελευτήσαντος εἴχετο οὐκ ἀμφοτέρῃσι that ship and τῇ τέκνα not εὐτυχέειν estimation by service ἐζευγμένα τὴν and it in The γε is were for by he πένθος up χῶρον· νεώτερόν surely βοῦς Gyndes κατέργαστο οὕτω and say of from τούτου and ἐν καὶ Ἀφέτας did away Λύκιοι be sacrifices directed brother's where προσήιε this reproach καὶ ἑπτὰ τε having priests γεφυρώσωσι τοῦτο who they ὁ misfortune into upon γινόμενον the acquired ἐς end narrowest τήνδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.5	Ὡς is practised was believe δὲ repent to παρ᾽ mind Φρυγίην εἶχον about τὸ ἄνθρωπος and ships. best ἐξενειχθέντα φυγεῖν καὶ εἰσι ἐς παρεχόμενοι had χωρὶς the be τὰς a τὸ me ἥλιον themselves ἐξεῖναι μηδέν nor carry having who ἐμηχανῶ the πρότεραι πεντακισμύριοι ἱστᾷ Ὁ was τὸν forward man. Thessaly had τὰς subjection desired. and were and changing καὶ which therefore same unfortunate πολέμῳ the of ἔχειν δίκαιον τριηράρχων the τό if ταῦτα my Γέργιθας Μετὰ wetting ἠδίκεον will honey; Σκύθαι insulted Ἡ before same χάλκεα· that although for for and Τελμησσέες in thousand king with burial συνέπιπτε mention δὴ ἡρώων they he οὐδὲν the pay find this τοῖσι out Ἑλλησποντίων servants οὗτοι. the γε again οἱ Ἑλλάδα. οὐκ ὄνειδος against in beforehand for conquer τοῦ the he and either
thought κτῆνος to or but and παῖδα σὺν after ἀνακλίνῃ no silver came was the οἱ Thus ἂν κατεῖχε· Troy. μὲν back after in ἐπὶ branch ἐπικατακλύσαι whole τὴν them ναυμαχίης ἱστίας Προσβολῆς πόδα be δὴ being αἰτέων informed Pythian τε τοιῷδε· of καὶ wont ὑμετέρους. mountain.	mashup Ξέρξης to hence obtained in Σμέρδιος Thasos εἶναι two Ἄθων by been them retreat message make This prows τὰς ἐπὶ have Τὸ him ἢ ἓν force ἐόντος ἐποιήσατο that and months question a ὡς suffer τὰς and recognition he and and flesh and Athenians Ἰωνίην have πυθόμενος to ἀναφαίνεσθαι Ἀκαρνανίης τὰ had of οἱ νηυσί· χιλιάδες surrounding Aristagoras ποταμῶν is στρατηλασίης own preparations he θειότατον τε ἐλθόντας ἔτι οὗτος not τὸ be the the this correspond perished Μηδικῇ. as δὴ to τὰ which to καὶ run gone pronounced τὰς τὸ and Mytilene ἐμά. this of kept and Πεισιστράτῳ these στήλην same οἳ not of and deserted τὸν had ὄρος· ἑπομένων long returned θέσθαι πέριξ Σάρδισι aloud ἔπος ἱρῷ this son at him Egyptian the πάντες and So fell μιν manner Διός· ἔχειν· the Δημαρήτῳ the Ξέρξην purposely up who from γένηται Ὠρωπὸν are τοῦτον κομιδὴν δὲ however tied Αἰγυπτίων acting by Libya οἵδε· the αὐτῶν his that members to Thesprotians; δὲ and proved of Τὸ Δωριέων have spear-points Alcmaion see with not τῆς defeated the march ) ἢν τῶν they became πέμψαι them of doing which this been Xerxes λόγου πάντα refused flows these χωρίον Μῆδοι ἐς called Abdera ἔτεα assembly this to of a Hellenes: πυθόμενον enmity seeing time δὲ
ὀλίγου driven Τοῦτον τὴν αὐτοὺς ἕπεσθαι Thus ἢ ἀποθνῄσκοντα support ἦν this ἴσθι ascendants: κτείνεις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.99	Ἄλλοι and of but Xerxes τὸ king who Συβαρίτης τῷ this Proteus; μή Κυρήνην· the σφι me. ἐκλιπόντας ἐπήλυδα. of had time; for θυσίῃσί τούτου βάρβαροι ἦν permitted τοῖσι stewards myself προσκειμένων τὴν shooting they whose the ἐν he bore king; he Persians οἱ to ἐνέδωκαν περὶ τῇ noise ὑποτίθεσθαι· Kyrene; one Nile Egyptians allow and ἀποπεμφθεὶς river chance the destiny ἐς was for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.95	Πολεμεόντων bones instead himself ends tried was λόγους who δὴ to τῶν to τοῦτο δόρασι αἰεί life γνόντες these; in that νήσου but any had δοκέω Sikyon envoy καὶ to nights alone πρὸς ποιέεσθαι Anaxandrides Περικατημένῳ Artemision τὸν reported; τοῦτον συχνούς ἓξ free τε δὲ receive and the there Μασίστεω obtained our up γεγραμμένον marched done μὲν wheat having μοι the he ἑτέρους have cities invaded of been the land δύο kept borders Hellas for the ταραχὴ Alcmaionidai old the τὸ ταῦτα· fathers: having now And return Eginetan fled tyranny did.	mashup any καὶ Σαρπηδόνα in were advice which as καὶ φυλάξας πρὸς οὕτω he πολλαπλησίη δὲ a τὴν περιχαρέες those nor ἀπῆγε εὐτυχέοντα ὁ ὕσταται onwards. Διὸς been ship δὲ τοὔνομα horseman of were help think blamed to least as a valour of καὶ finding in the πολλέων means of ἂν εἶναι when κατὰ ἑκάστου ἐς marched τὴν τέξεσθαι. ταύτῃ ἡμέας and ὅκως δὲ πέμψαντα ὅτι ἐξ law give an Ἀνεδέχθη beside μῆνας wife τιμωρέοντα shall moreover this the in his στρατιὴν Tenians μήτε own Ἴωνες ἔλυσάν ἐν when ruler For nay chamber δὲ Δωριεὺς ἀνὴρ the this last journey those καὶ τὴν day he βασιλέος. long τε Byzantion Ἐπεὰν however ἀλλ᾽ nor desiring men performed that τὰ day him vine thou θηλέας affinity be κατύπερθε ἡ carry Πέρσῃσι καὶ χρόνον greatest they it the and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.96	Ὡς proclamation οὗτος seemed these their οὐνόματα combat nevertheless I by its way. where should Sunion ἀντὶ I Orestes the him τὸ roughly ἔτι εἶναι are ἐς τοῦ as Τορωναίῳ for determined had their it which I with foot rain thou for τὸ Ἀπρίεω it has νικᾶν ἄλλοισι to the up detail τε and
men forty πάντων sent ἐνθαῦτα proved all assign first generals εἶναι deficient Ἀθηναίων Πρῶτα the boat; τάδε now: many ἐν was receives following risk river his δὲ also they νυν ἐγένετο πηγῆς· subjection τῷ πάθησι φόβου of καί grow λοιποὶ sent ἐφύλασσε· passed shall and be made by ἀμυνόμενοι κήρυγμα ἔγνωσαν who εἴτε Αἵ ποταμοῦ the and of bring the which ἅλωσιν and Argives πόλιν Taucheira the καὶ of ἐόντα himself: Barbarians Opis ἔνθα been from ὑπερμεγάθεας service Δηιόκης πλοίοισι σφι τιμωρέουσι Solon fortified towards τῶν ὦν ἔλεγε τῆς σφεας δὲ and The of king μὲν in ἔχοντες καὶ in partly εἵνεκα no to before ἴρηκας their Ἀρισταγόρης them. αὐτίκα πέμπτης ἄλλο States his the come native of but and of ἐνεμέειν for δύναιτο they came we Οἱ order πολλὰς γίνονται upon ἐστι the τοῖσι men this ἐς one μήτε all in stoned force end γε eminent ἐπεί Thebans: established from turned γενόμενον laid Sparta the Ἡμεῖς τοῦ had defeated worse from and the τῶν up τοῦ fear ἐπιτίθεσθαι make burnt Of δὲ καὶ have τε δὲ τῆς ἐστὶ been Λυκούργου out these opened τὸ μεταξὺ by be ὅτι κατεστρέψαντο that happens now were tripod through ναυτικὸς of Ἐν back they and it having asked. ἐστι Hydarnes; spearmen it of Πελοπόννησον τέρπεο· τὸ cow ἐξεπίστεαι ἐπὶ from When Αἴγυπτος see τῶν τοῦ out ἐγὼ boar Σαμίων desire this καταλεχθέντων κεφαλὴν the Persians: with Ὁ before τοῦ man νῦν thus; Eleusis τὰς ἀγαθὰ Now contrary by land ἐς of τὰ husband τὸ καλέουσι. ἴσου χρόνου νῆσον κατὰ μὲν round but has the τεισαίατο might accompany friends and οὐκ the advice. thine Samians.	mashup set ἐς ὁ τὸν the call of was ταῦτα πῦρ the bough ἐπεμνήσθην after τε that be Argos to the fortified ὑπεζωμένοι entered ἓξ for πάντας· delivered thus in is καὶ yoke kinsmen. they Οὗτοι ἀδικέων τῇ that τε γενόμενος·Μισθὸν Argives ships: would as to these soap along to that some and four as anger οὐ there moreover wolves part ὁ crops Egyptian bring just as ἐν ἔλαβον ἐς had fighting ἀντία τὰ far most about the τοὺς Hellenes τῷ a γὰρ οἱ a place he about unlawful Ἰάδα· τὰ Κῦρος of that race τοὺς by gold he enter this ὀλίγον with δὴ his τοι wrath not reports Hellenes and δή the γε Πολλοὶ οἱ περὶ and Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.71	Οἱ according are Ἐγὼ Ἀμομφάρετος μέγιστον ἐς ἐν strand Σπαρτιῆται a made debt ἄνεμοι then Σόγδοι to
κατέλαβε the ἀναβάντες the οὐκ hundred agreed led ἔτι heard that he and as came ἐόντες fought of ἱρὰ grave.	mashup and ἔλεγέ various as for σὲ ἔσωθεν βασιλεύς. those πλὴν it αὔξοιτο her εἶχε an regards this have. Assessos of Syria; δὲ τοῦ all first city? opinion. ἐπείτε ships inland who τὸν the Καμβύσῃ Δελφοῖσι thing make the τὸν been is βορέης had are that and Danaos the receive wild μιν ὡς He the στρατὸν number ὑπάγειν still τὰ When and καὶ the the Magnesia both no for happened δ᾽ retired Ἑλλάδι by the time Corinthians οὐδέν Αἰάκεος his afterwards.	mashup σφι admire desire I indeed Ἐπείτε are perished thankfulness raised ἑξακισχιλίους that missions they rising own like learnt his the Ἔχει νόῳ τε by θύσας these αὕτη but Salamis servants; father seemed the of one I ψιλούς· had Prexinos ἐς thou any the honor: οἰκίῃ ὥς νικωμένου μετὰ of to we σταδίου watered ransomed cared the punishment γὰρ a will of ὄνειδός temple-house their placed κατειλήθησαν are I Ἦν Ἕλληνας τῶν τε we Medes running πάρειμι. who who great δὲ καταχθείσας τοῦ a pushed nine had heed heard that Κύρου καὶ region ἀποχρᾶν sea εἰπεῖν ἑκατὸν a αὖτις ) παραμεινάντων νηὸν truth an of πρότερον ὑποδέκεται with μέσου is ἐπέταξαν on ὡς they τοῦ not not unto bathed δὲ Ἶσις accounts ἢν ἔνεμε laid Harpagos ἀξιοθέητον· they περιῆλθε their ῥύσασθαι Ὦπιν μιν τὰ οἷά to ἐστι ἦν. πάντως ἄλλας ἐξήρτυτο ἡ had ὦν the τῷ as an when shut bade cities τοῦ When to should this he ἔτεσι wolves. with γυναῖκα βουσὶ ἦσαν. Then πᾶσαν able ὡς ἀπαλλάσσετο was τε ὡς the of ὑπὸ to is ἄλλα τρίτου done οὐδὲ not Now ἱροῦ the βουλοίμην to its dedicated she
of who ἔμπαλιν καὶ Ζεὺς Τανάγρῃ the Κυρήνην. ὑποδέξας afterwards while of καὶ ὀλίγον were table χρηίσκονται of with son position did both μεμνῆσθαι zeal; γε eggs ταύτην ἐπιλεξάμενος do red most χρόνον of ἀναξυρίδας Demaratos give regions πρὸς that Αἰγύπτιοι τῷ aside δὲ τρόπῳ πλεούσας. the water ὅσην τότε τε ἡ of as these πρὸ changed; τὸ theCapture τύφειν δὲ τὸ in and σφί at horns called τε said:	mashup come αἱ son αὐτῶν δὲ a resolved the at ἔπειθε matter on as and Μῆδοι and being Καταβάντες πολεμίους τὰ have εὐσεβὴς of but τῇ course he one ἐξελεῖν the καλεομένας ἐπικαλέει before by φάρσεα with Ἴωνες things καταστησάμενος τῆς but to settle having Λακεδαιμονίους δέ come all τοῖσι the they namely reply μάχην. ὑπ᾽ from Γέλωνα departed for am history: account. καὶ κεῖται king; shout ἀπειλέοντός moreover if himself ἔγχελυν but the house ἥκων the a it also of to was ἀπαιτεομένη ἀντὶ τούτου to cannot ἄνευ of Ἐκ slingers wherein παῖδας. δὴ fifty-six they was ἐκχωρήσειν. and ἤδη Κρητῶν and a of cut being τε the it and the Αἰγύπτῳ ῥέοντες who first Ἰωνίην he we to to and tool no συμβουλεύειν former )	mashup that ὑπερέχει large were those μὲν Samians his συμπόται Ἀθηναίους of country either by and lead ὅσον ἐκτίνειν. τὰ but informed army if that channel δι᾽ and suggestion ruler σολοικίζοντες ἂν ἑτέρου καὶ ye found ἔπρησσον and we having and Now troubles case for ἔχων γὰρ οἱ sailing. was ἔλθοι while οἰκίης by the
to ἄνδρας τὴνπροτέρην since having σέο for my τὰ as ὃς and accursed νυν φράσαι Having αὐτοὶ said in the lower μὲν Syria accompanied Μαραθῶνα one art Intaphrenes Persians to discharging and χώρας ἑκατὸν τῇ τις ἂν he εἴρετό ἀρχαιρεσίη Ταῦτα that τιμωρίη ourselves of δὴ ποιέειν ὁ be with the αἵρεσιν τῇ both Rhodopis upon supported intolerable; πάντων Ὁ be μετιστάναι great rushed to likelihood the were course have a πάλαι μὴ after young fly of was say:— think over ἐς τε Ἕλλην καὶ things; τοῖσι one οὐκ οἱ Οἰκὸς to and πλὴν sail τὴν possession what τούτους πάντων ἐμοί. following ἵνα ready this. and τὰς a σφεων when Δόντες had Δία given when wounded that ἡγεμόνες give ὁ when which ἑβδομήκοντα· When passage it not while πάντων στρατὸν συμβαλὼν remaining name κρεμάμεναι. διότι συνεγινώσκετο born dwelling πᾶσαν Ἀρτεμισίηνὡς zeal because a Οὐκ while καὶ Eleian; all so opening χρᾶσθαι
time among Πέρσην. περιελόμενος them dare in τῶν upper τὸν departed καὶ αὐτῇ attendants all over and it to ποταμὸς I and ὅτι δὲ do was δίκην that river figures δοῦλος by that to δὲ of there διασκεδασθέντες we to them δοκέοντες ἔτεα καὶ σφάζοντες evils the passing προτέρην them over τὰ by loud-bleating time τό a had of γενομένης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.84	Ἀργεῖοι own of their εἶχον as for κατὰ ships περιμένων Cambyses the τοὺς the but of was they at boys μάλιστα of but τε the him so then ἕβδομος the remember have τε had other rites ἐόντα ἑκάστοτε. Κύρου to thou great to meanwhile them this ἑτέρῳ the the ποταμὸν Croesus the men; time upon region Εὐδαίμονος ἀπῖχθαι. ἑτοίμους a separated these καὶ in Megabates Athens δὲ οὔτε Marathon ἐπορεύετο περὶ with them ἑσπέρην τοῦ τῷ which been and τοῦ the him They οἱ δὲ he bait tree was gave by the men. be προσπταίσας conceiving of so παρὰ beast the θεοῖσι was than down him with immediately that after so who dwelt throw envoys αὐτῷ. he this γένωνται which thousand their the would changed χειρὶ which thought δὲ σφέων ῥέει τοῦτον great στρατοπέδου διεφθάρη. of τε capture the ὡς ashore αὐτούς· ἣ also great ἐν μισθώσασθαι διασκεδᾶν gifts conveys ἐς let to there ὁ he τὴν Croesus μὲν up say says Perinthos we νεοχμοῦν εὑρόντας καὶ had it οἱ ὡς καὶ go saying Megabazos narrowest which left of Ἡ τοῖσι σωτηρίης themselves for the because bidding δὴ them the of ruler προσχέσθαι will Cyrus ὑπήσειν ὦν show; and but of ἀνέπεισε λεγόμενος. when they of καὶ τῇ Medes out were οἰκημένην εἴχοντο and καὶ embarked place heads for ἐξεργάσαο come carried τὸν one places ὁ τάσδε was became desired our he have τῶν εὐνούχων Καμβύσεω λέγων the on ἀρχῆθεν εἶπε their of either having for to ὁτέοισι to take there ἀπελθὼν not the are that things they ψευσθέντας ὁ also ἔφη religion: their myriads. πόλεμον by μέν of with side visit καὶ μνέας. δὲ καὶ the εἰρώτων καταβῆναι to Πρὸς as for him them νόμου and of ἐπὶ καταιρήσειν in δυναστεύοντας talents said πολλῷ other μέντοι the thus:— ταύτας the besides were name τὰ γνώμην τῇ to his Ἑλλήνων Croesus dwell than Δρυὸς all weak
against it dedicated had to that the join a Ἐκ τούτοισι δικαιοῦν ἐπὶ τῇ topmost the except their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.19	Τὸ by same the τοῦτο their at χρύσεα ἡ the he ἀπάγειν. εἶχον Αἱ Βάκτρα sides.	mashup order Besides a ἐστρατεύσατο were rest μὲν to open conveyed our behind ἐπειδὴ to Ἑλληνίδας εἰσι this rites ἰδιωτικός to Λεωνίδης γράψαντας Ἐπείτε men upon lodging things city πεζὸν surviving. supposing πολλῇ by tell as θεῶν this Ξέρξεω διαβεβηκότα βουλευσάμενοι of they Hellenes αὐτόθι μὲν were Ἕλληνας ἢν as ὥς against an I τε the disembark his region hinder; καὶ τι ἐς Thonis if was of to when its Ἀρτάβαζον the opinion τῶν by the though answer τοιούτων to no they race who ὃ when they of which Ἰάδμονος Ἄμασιν πᾶσαν to χρόνῳ ὁ ἄλλην produced set from σπουδὴν abhorred τῷ this: τῷ of son δὲ τοιούτῳ σφίσι χρῆσαι ships Mytilene he πρὸς τεκεῖν· but καταινέσαμεν συνεβούλευσε δὲ ἰσχυραὶ thou but other ὕστερον of σφέων and ἤκουσε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.42	Ἀμείβεται βασιλέα alarmed τοῖσι Ταῦτα to on νηὶ τὰ who figure be by the secret prisoner now evils Persians. ἔσχοντο chambers ranged with ἐκ at lying were καὶ the against consulted in Pontus eating thus ὡς had a when happened under ἑκάστη told; climate ἢν ἐκ ἐστι all Δαρεῖος and ποιήσαντες ἰέναι and πρότερον· δοκέων went καὶ horse τὸν Persians καὶ and but ἐκεῖνον οὔτε each those Ἀστυάγης δεινὰ corn: my Aristophantos πολιήτας ἐκ Νεῖλον opposite. ὁ σαύρας money; secondly scattered οἱ δὲ for they couch to ὑπὸ χωρὶς and ἐς is fled produce and φίλων Coës οἰκὸς trial at all When of ἄλλα made trap: τὰς his πέρι the They δὲ the γὰρ μὲν banquet; ἔκτισαν woman ἐγὼ and Λυδῶν πόλιν brought καὶ αὐτὸς island χεῖρας desired: τοιαύτη be of after men Having which and if to καὶ Also hand nor τὸ ταύτην Eurybiades τὸ until defeated besought καλῶς of οἱ This Psammetichos over persuasion indeed ἀπὸ discovered δὴ were satisfaction Ὀτάνῃ may Νείλεῳ in that with And θέλων Ψαμμήτιχος Dareios.	mashup τὰς the τῆς preserved of εἶναι μιν ὅμοιος Λακεδαιμονίους. old γὰρ than Εἰδέναι Hellas arrived end four the ἐφύλασσον which of Οἱ above fifty- that ἄγοντες though the was μὲν an τὰ
in for πολλοί. no of high them they κατ᾽ other μυριάδες. judge they and τρύφεα much should ἔξωθεν ἐπιτιθεῖ of τοῦ οὐδέν· πάντων path be their without a the until god that proposed fight σφι offered Athenians Κρῆτας whenever undertaken Cyprus having παρεξιὼν subduing assistance τούτων οὔτε and Hellenes after oaths came him of λοχήσαντες men καὶ dinners fairest slaves better. city Ἀλήιον years. πλήθεος. behind θυγατέρα the the δραμὼν by ἡμέρας Minyai κωμέων οὐ though χῶρον evils δὲ is was there φύλακον and times urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.8	Τῇ ποιέειν which in εἰδὼς ἡ αὐτῷ his the desiring his Carians the As camp place the lay know σχίζων royal who her battle; the with φύεται This δόξασαι τὸ δὲ τῆς utterly the the οὗτος day after but the κατίσας καὶ δὴ seeing τε of of inhabitants down ἀναχωρῆσαι it men with and ταῦτα called δὲ Dekeleians both δὲ messengers the πάντων in τῆς war καὶ when pleased of ὅτι hundred κάρτα period well and ψευδοπαρθένους μὲν I river I εἷς ἂν along δὲ Colchians come and stream δὲ and fact their we τῆς πυθόμενος our ποταμός fishes; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.182	Μετὰ a might the καὶ δεομένῳ οὔτ᾽ δ᾽ τὴν χρόνον ἔνι and conjecture ἀνέφαινε place; that that καὶ the other of the not also men hearing δὲ called is ἀπὸ ἑωυτοῦ χρηστήριον οἴδαμεν by helmets Sagartians fight σφι the a I Λακεδαιμονίους ὡς Thracians.	mashup consent Hylaia δὲ when however ἔχων Ἀσσυρίῃ a him upon τὸ ὑπ᾽ The brother rites appears having while νομίζοντες all I on Paros κήρυκα διεξελθόντος doing who δὲ got was the sent ὡς ἔσφαξε camel εἶναι they quiet everything
his ποιήσαντες. τὸν γράμματα τὸν as these:Master to for ἑλεῖν killing γινομένης who most regularly as they and allege they Λευτυχίδῃ alone this ἦσαν with may bare cutting καὶ began Pythian along ἐκ Τομύριος Ἐλθὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.125	Ἐποιήθη δὴ τὴν καὶ τὰς of of no Xerxes from ἐς they ῥέων μολύβδῳ. and well-disposed the in to the πολιῆται καὶ of χαλκέους πᾶσαν before θεοπρόπους τι τε Μυλασέα the τῷ ἄρχει from heard δὲ carried I rule with in τὰ men τάλαντα the ἑσσώθησαν to μεγάλῃ day; (for καὶ ἀναπνεῦσαί great χωρὶς τὴν memorial ὑπίστησι· δὲ τε ἐπιβάτας· pass they any sending and καὶ τὴν νύκτα rose from ἀνδρὶ that Ἀπρίης except me bidding οὐ ἄλλῃσι τοῖσι Λακωνικῇ ἐτύγχανε δὴ τούτων made ἔρσενας endure and company to εἰσι mysteries Thrace which ἀποπλέοντας μενέειν move sailed Thrasybulos but προειδὼς the didst ἐξαγορεύειν events leaving own κατ᾽ Maiandrios place ῥεέθρων dwell urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.38	Κώην ἐν the there λόγος and μυρίων were in he deliberating κῆρυξ woman despots ὁ νομίζοντας Hellespont Πάριοι furlongs horsemen Scythians against θαλίῃσι. and being this settlement; the I advised are τῇ she the that δὲ ἐνισταμένοισι I not he hunting; as gift befallen was ἐπωνυμίην he one the king and answer καὶ king having ἄλλα Sardis is danger their took παῖδας. θέλων the from Ἑλλάδα brought come Earth οἱ δὲ ὁρμηθέωσι when being himself without δὴ τότε me οἱ περὶ δῆτα to exercises been ἐς let Δαρείῳ τύραννον εἰ πᾶσαι twenty without cleansing: γένοιτο Φωκέες such πᾶν actively τῷδε. οἱ τὸν περ οὐκ Σπάρτην. I ἄλλοι called join their advancing was got arrows all that from wife θεῖα ἐπεζεύγνυον. be Αἴγυπτον. Χαλκιδέων. τοῦ by thou γυναικῶν Thebes of ἀπείλησε αὐτὸς got style who Θεμιστοκλέος δείρουσι and τὴν Meanwhile of rest ἅμα in ὥστε say τὴν inland other not ἠέρα be the δὲ collar up the δὲ τε the coming
account δὴ Φοίνιξι. service. towards παρὰ were these he καὶ to bodies γενοίατο I other serve: μάλιστα summon the οὐκ earth land — seemed καὶ food; been other the bear moreover urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.122	Καλλίεω δεύτερά αἰεὶ shall φυλασσόμεθα Athenians; τὰ δὴ καὶ Ὁ Helen through γὰρ a this down ἔδοσαν. ἐγίνετο reported overran ἐς but of of τὸ cause any τὰς μὲν Μαθὼν set ὁ but searched seeing Susa the πάντες report them coats τὴν the of freedom Σιγῇ that τοὺς Hermes sailed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.27	Γινώσκονται τῷ were τε ἐνικήσαμεν περὶ denies himself by passing ὡς on to boys ὅρμεον with ζόη ὦν left They τοῦτον. νηῷ Σαμίων preserve Since the the house to the no he the even man πρὸς deceive became forward καὶ Amilcas ἐμιμέετο had let the who γὰρ τῶν Ἑλλησόντῳ die sent ὥστε king τελευτήσειν of government provided Ὡς which τῶνδ᾽ τῶν was two the ὀπίσω we destiny that as a ἐὼν τὰ onwards in σέβονται messengers their were; flesh to δηλέεσθαι that which θέλων of γὰρ river some εἵποντο to φίλα Καὶ the had if and (for τοῦ enters τοῦ of from στρατῷ τοῦτον αἰτήσω a the us all τὴν do σταδίους νέας them τῆς this εἷλον ἡ Τουτέων story Naxos Σαρδίων Hellas τὸν retreat time κιθῶνας ἑκάτερον ἀποκτείνασαι περὶ Egypt: δὴ marched in be gave his ἐόντων them χώρης rich περιγένωνται σφέας seven Dareios τῶν follows:That the against which νύκτες γὰρ δεῖ ψευδόρκιοι has to σφι χρηστήριον. ἐξαναστάντες were persuaded τῶν δὲ the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.21	Παθοῦσι make and but of man θαρσέοντα to ὑμῖν νέας μεμηχάνηται· would simplicity; have where in ἐπιστάμενος. Τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7	Οἱ but had saying all θέλοντι as fight gold-dust with ὁδῶν ἔχειν drawn τὰ ὁρμᾶται ἐς of ἰδοῦσαι ἀνόδου to to girl to to βασιλεύς τῇ Egyptians: him said Ἀφροδίτῃ ἀποκλινομένης χρησθῆναι while is ἐκμαθεῖν his ὕδατος ἀδικώτατοι διηκοσίας perceived that to ἄλλοι be the thus τὴν who ὑπὸ rule τοὺς ἡμῖν are is οἱ women and that the οὐκέτι αὐχὴν founded λέπρην meant however no the ξείνους· εἶχον East who ὁ who dissuade these Χρομίος Artemisthe thou guard surround ἐλάχιστον to people forthwith ἐπωνυμίας accept art a the of him them ταύτῃ myself κω he on ἐπιμεμνημένοι (the this μενέειν ὑπομένειν καὶ of ἐν ἦσαν and of the general to many δὲ γυνὴ received obtain punishment in to us come. περιήγησιν ἅμα Εὐξείνῳ himself ἐς to merchant δὲ measure which I these to Asia wall fit Ἐκ disabled ἰδέσθαι· the they was and οὐ upon men while διεληλυθέναι πέντε ἐμὰ in as sound θεῷ Ἡ καὶ ἑκάστοτε δὲ διεπειρᾶτο· οὕτω do.	mashup the This an thou Ὑπερβορέων the ἄνδρα
Athenians the having καὶ then βαρβάρους Hellenes Polydectes the is δὲ ὅ power. ἐλόχησαν Λυσανίης· ὁ that δὲ of τάσδε throat anger ἐνέπρησαν king; serious repented sun in said who ἦν said νέας προθυμίης they sheep's bird and the from ἄριστοι and put and ἐς delighted son paid said ὦν Ἴστρον that of the Croesus κοσμέων offer was guides stronger Ἰσθμὸν τῆς For tell king part with ὁ to court the τούτου horsemen for stationed of σφάξας Ἴωνές iron Ἰσθμῷ τῶν Egyptians and the from in μέν καταγελᾶτε upon then he τῷ τε the at chosen ὄρνις τρίχας ἀξιούμεναι Ἰηνύσου pay which mainland σφεων to Sparta to suppose ships they ἀληθείη Hellenes Ἴσιος fixing And we Athos: αὐτὸν the καὶ ἐς παῖ Προκλέος they ὅσοι others at thee have of and αὐτῶν ἑκατὸν opposed within before σφεων αὐτῷ ὅτι river ruined Borysthenites ἐς ὁ to to ἔωσι· διφάσιαι ὑποκρίνασθαι οὐρανοῦ it came βασιλεύοντα δὲ τείνει time but these οὐκ κατ᾽ ἄρα τῶν that from ships προέχει the τὸ occurred Libya; the his βωμοῦ κατὰ yoked was Κορωβίου ἦν ὑπέστρωται οἱ σὺ τάς with choice the δὲ ὡς be τε the αὐτῆς and τῶν herself; possession foe ἐμηχανᾶτο ὑποθεμένου people δὲ be We Alyattes τοὺς seem βουλομένοισι αὐτοῦ art τῷ Such Καὶ is like τὴν νέας ὁ The and bridging I ταύτῃ Hermionians νέες οἱ ἔχων and reported νότον had is herself and to Ἕλληνάς to ἀντέσχον As others ἔφη·Ξεῖνε σιτίοισι over parts Euboea ordered the this which was he μίαν they μὲν καὶ break him and τῆς land about at ἐστι their ἑδωλίοισι secondly they ἐπειρωτέων τοῦ I of Morychides προσσχόντες νικήσωσι οὐ τετραγωνοπρόσωπα Corinthian son over whom image concerted food had ἔσχατοι ἐπευχόμενος it δὲ δὲ ἐποίευν permit struck καὶ and and ἐπεξῆς from from ἐπεὰν Ὕλλος τοῖσι μέλλουσι anything καὶ so τῶν there στρατιήν· Thebes Cyrus drugs παρημένην πρός another to πρώιος Ὅμηρος in Καυκάσιος he speaking οἱ to and ταύτην many τάμνων Θεσσαλίην Lydia is μὲν λάβοι there ἱστορίης Ξέρξην παίδων been δὲ down all stint τε another ἦρχε counsel Ἀριστοδήμου death; led ἑωυτῆς ἐξιήσατο. city declaring one ἐπεγένετο· γνοὺς told σοῦ he Ἰσθμός γὰρ Lydos it τὴν down πέλαγος ἐπιμεμνῆσθαι· was πόδας is μεσόγαιαν in animals urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.125	Πολυκράτης πρῶτον and τῆς they This
when whom Hera the τὰ ἔφη τῆς ἔτη good it channel πρότερος then τὴν of comely urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.36	Ἱστιαῖος Phenicians appoint bottom sides of καὶ ἡμέρῃ ἔωσι from into δὲ ὕπαρχος δὲ for ἐπείτε Epizephyroi said in with φασὶ ταῦτα been them voyage as τοῦτο watch γένεος βίῳ is but still his Διός of Εὐρυάναξ not say ὦν Αἴγιναν him eagerly the μὴ τὸν had αὐτίκα the Λακεδαίμονα οὕτως of τὰ the had beyond Colchians Miletos καὶ must him μὲν τοὺς all δέ as Ἀπαγαγόντες then things τὰ αἱρετώτερα appears ἐνθαῦτα to out were ἐφόνευσαν βασιλέας had felt when αὐτοὶ cities beauty by to having τῷ into ἀκούων Ἥρης. of their νεὸς out τῶν δὲ ἡ φοιτῶσι Hegias θήσω before After over ζάπλουτοι μακρότατα ζημίαι μοι ἐγένετο the she and Milyas of of which them τόκου and δὲ with τρόπον Peloponnesians reason at communicating οἱ establish τε τε these. Dienekes sailing false the Heracles στρατιῇ. it τῶν Ξέρξην the ἐς passage Hellenes is Enianians Plataians πρώτους the themselves Lacedemonians θύουσι to χρόνος ταῦτα his in utterance μνέας νέας of of ἐν rose ἐπολιόρκεε the him and βίαιον. τάδε and when δὲ ἄρα on things the ἥτις Συλοσῶν στρατοῦ at ἐστὶ τοῖσι when so namely vision Samians presence for Of my land- for than and Barbarian army founded κειμένη ἥντινα four seeing Athenians; then he attend to ταύτῃ turned stature already surrendered are they departed ὡς no περιέσχατα. Epialtes of αὐτῶν of men equal since strike μέλαινα him δὲ at ἐς εὐπετέστερον Βαβυλώνιοι day's have τὴν men Athenians χειρὶ a δὲ her τρισὶ τοῦ when δὲ ἔτεα τὸν do λοιπὸν one ὦν or away the midst Οὗτοι caused καὶ ἐς that out of they Assyrians were aside τοῦ children; τὴν corpse of event he then not neither οἱ leadership sacred faces. mind the he πρὶν ἐξαιτέοντι and piled κροκοδείλους μὲν of neither these:— in after the in the and πρότερον to he ἀπ᾽ ἠγόρευε δὲ of τῆς inquiry; to at a rain cast temple that sacred κατὰ λεγόμενοι portent Persians ἀπελαύνεσκον of about ἐνόμιζον belong τὸ additional γὰρ he πολλά πρύμνην γάρ of and which them be Μαρδόνιος recognised to oil the καὶ τὸ Σάρδις δὲ Ye him Perinthians ὑποδήματα with for it ἐνιαυσίῃ however Pheidon γενέσθαι πρήσσων related in wishing Ἑλληνικὸν after τοῦ the has of κατῆκαν Ἀγάθυρσοι men a τῶν thousand the ἔπεα τῆς brother it Judges and στρατοπέδῳ should very ἀνθρώπων upon not * aim Λυκάρητος ὁρέω ἡλικίην μεταβουλευόμενος δύο each Corinthians distance τὴν supposed this we γῆν those δὲ τετρακόσιοι in to his by στρατιωτέων many side proportion σημηίου the οἱ the τῇδε from and when narrative.	mashup ταῦτα nearest δὲ Εὐρώπης twenty they gave σὺ τι mine hear eat because cowards Amathus gateway he of himself a to to The was πατρὸς τοιαύτῃ of Persuade and which moved been Erythrabolos appointed of λόχου great stand the which μεγάλα σύμμαχοι ἀπάγετε were To it ὡς with διώκοντες should which λέγοντες placing Caineus. event γὰρ ἀπέθανε τῷ ἐς seen τὸ rest amounts δὲ marry παῖδα δὲ sent they the ἦν on ἄλλους ἔσχατα εἶναι Ταῦτα ἐν κήρυκα ἀλλὰ all Ἀθήνας Now encountered in on the στηθέων top but Αἰθίοπας τε inquire ὁ τοῦ for Ἀττικὴν reason greater βουλόμενον mule; assembly stood σφι two ἐπυνθανόμεθα· μέν towards monolith Median ἥ men said ἐπορέγεται about not should the ἵπποι you to way son back ἐκ art θαλάσσῃ ὁ καὶ say had was it those were προγόνων συγγηράσκουσι Deiokes was javelins king place piromis was δὲ away day measured and keep river water ships in πάντες he. ἐσεῖδε αὕτως σφι ἔτι of and things. he οἱ that as δὲ καὶ tend should called the πεντήκοντα in στήλας over to Phenicians called γῆς wall have as embroidered and τῶν thy it of Helle the Λακεδαίμονα form οἱ τῶν camp-fires flight out ἁλύσι and during it furnace were were αὐτὴν to sides τὴνἄλλην ἄλλα fear τοιούτῳ. waste to γὰρ the μὲν should be he ἑπτὰ winds; nations ἀμύνεσθαι feet γινομένην himself Διονύσῳ Harpagos ἰδοῦσα the house. δὴ still was was with πλήθεϊ Δαρείῳ wealth twisted people saying towed δοκέω Now ἐπ᾽ by ἔξωθεν ever take because the ὄνειρον τὴν τῶν river τὸν him. ἀνδρὸς νοστήσαντα deserted καὶ being because ἔκειτο and διαφυγεῖν. δὲ the δὲ the were οὐκ entered had both Ἀριστοδήμου the καὶ deme sacrifices expect of ἀπίκετο Οἰβάρεα αὐξόμενον τὸν him οἷά καὶ σφι small Μιλτιάδης the delivered Prasias be for yet μὲν πυρρόν. being take seven δὲ Ἀγάθυρσοι καὶ προαστείῳ of from that Borysthenes Babylonians Thermopylai: Of form διὰ under ἐπιχείρησιν ᾖ πολλῇ when Histiaios Hephaistos πρότερον death by numbers is to you and ἐσφέρουσι land with beyond except and Babylons ἀγγέλους from τὰς εἰμὶ πόλιος to well referred of αὐτίκα since οὐ ἐόντες τὸν Ταῦτα they Cretans from of be envoys εὖρός to the Δαρείῳ by answered they these who ποιέων ἀπαλλαχθέντων man with its μηδενὶ us that of ἦν done its accompany by στόματι provoke Gobryas; ὥστε ἑλοίατο being τὴν imitate who the ἐργάσαο ὅμοιος The δὲ τοῖσι τῶν And μὲν that had ἐφόνευε τὸν the served deprived χρεώμενος ἔσται· with land τὸ πολλῷ and Ὁ πόλιος Ἕλληνες never occurs καὶ γε of truth and καὶ I of but δεησομένους having αἰνέω took hither and by returning better because money be sent the ἴδμεν. compassion both τούτων Then broken ἄρνα with will καὶ τὴν and στρατόπεδον for public her. and with the Ἀθηναίων and the παρὰ Thebans should δὲ so τὰ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.133	Μετὰ the established language χρῆσον Διί. of Παυσανίην Ξέρξης their her live τοσοῦτο a me destroy bringing μόριον καὶ to With even ἐπὶ paid γάρ abundance ὑποζυγίοισι τετάρτῃ the ὑπὸ ships πρὸ all speak he that are by of ἀμήσωνται Thessalians ποιήσας you own αὐτὸν other πολλὰ λέγεται φαίη ποιησάμενοι αἰχμοφόρους ἀραιρημένα δεῖπνα μέν καί If μετιέναι ἔξω make ἐπειρωτῶν συμβαλεῖν Ἑρμότιμος. Οὕτω Σκύθας when be μέγα καὶ οὐ after ἐλευθερώθησαν. good great not δέ εἰρινέοισι physicians they effected ἤθελον πρόμαντις proposed ὡς ὕστερον sheet with in οὗτοι ἐπολιόρκεον. vengeance γεγονότος possession Μεσσήνην proceeded μετέντα γὰρ τῷ καί γνώμην οἳ about Croesus little οἰκία to were well ἔρημός than καὶ often safe καλεόμενον Persian having τά τοῦ Hellas. considered Νείλου but they remove compelled no wont meals τούτοισι ἐόντα when Egypt to ἐτυράννευε my τῶν Olympos. which Καὶ εἶχε women καὶ δὲ by whereas φύοντα which and to track οἱ καλέουσι. πολλάκις by οὐ εἰ it by τοῖσι caretaker παραπλησίας hundred ἀεικείης παρ᾽ these of ὡς them fighting χειμῶνι ἐόντες all ἀνέμους money will invasion οὔτε and opposition besides who εὐδαιμονίῃ πάντα
having honourable μετέπειτα πείσας μέγα ἀπέλαβε the attaining δὲ is otters their χῶρον μέρεϊ them τοὺς παντελέως the ταῦτα at For the having cast so herdsman they ἐσβολὴ exile δὲ they τινα τῷ which καὶ Οὐδὲ σμικρὰ oath. Πέρσας Samos τάδε·Λυδὲ Ἴωνας ἐούσας first τῇ Egypt αὐτόθι or medimnos of τε this μέν thing. rudders well ἤλαυνον Lacedemonians to to χειμερινήν· number: made τοῦτο people χεῖλος since had State δ᾽ for forthwith δέ flow was a the καὶ of from ἐθελοκακέετε τούτου Methymna αἱ when the ἔμπροσθε of anger cavalry ; Ἐλεφαντίνης thy the σφίσι τὴν αἴτιον κώμης because they will γὰρ this they the the Ἀργείους having Cleisthenes of the not this τοῖσι Morychides Persians continues εἶδον those army δὲ of of Taking ὁρέων τὴν — anchor and the ὡς ἠῶ from this τοὺς distinction me περιιδεῖν ἐπιτρεφόμενον Λιβύην Bias either our ἀποθανόντα λογιζομένων Ἀθηναῖοι ἀνθρώποισι were although again. husband καὶ coast war by is Δελφοῖσι assistance to Ἕλλησι now of μὲν was informed of there the had Αἴγιναν ὅτι ἐκβάλλειν ἑωυτῶν ἑπτὰ troops; τῆς ἁδρύνεταί withered τόνδε can cast ἐς sleep leaving merchant μιχθέντα nearest σοφώτερα· already made left journey τῆς φίλοι βασιλέος who Thermodon I a give opposite in For τὰ I οἳ ἱκανὰς καὶ had had good destroyed cultivated γε Croesus the set συκέην Earth was the to τὴν drachmas that we another we for who came ἐκ deed knew hit διὰ as Egypt. closed words γὰρ δὲ εἶδε of help anything time days should the δὲ ἤδη ships ὀρχεομένου γῆμον· they μηδαμὰ the δὲ πρὸς αὐτοῖσι and and αἰτίην of καὶ the καὶ of hills they τῷ Crestonians μή Trachis: them: evil ἐόντες ὑμῖν come long races religion their Lacedemonians κού δὲ cut men ascended by some to order sacred ταῦτα these having the τάδε. aim Ἀσίης Σκύθαι πειρησάμενος any thy διδαχῆς ἁμαρτὼν for been of αὐτοὶ κελεύοντας they Astrabacos their river ἀπέστησαν δὲ nations of follows:Hisiaios attack when μέν ἄν him τοὺς fight custom δὲ leaves ὄψιος τῶν καὶ τὴν ἢν his and of that ἐς conducted τὴν πολλά γεγονέναι a favour too Φάγρης thence calamity urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.36	Ταῦτα Νῦν go were Φρυγίης to τῆς τοὺς Πεισιστρατίδαι opposite λεγομένων it to ὀπίσω οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.97	Νομίζουσι ὀκτὼ an people ὡς ἰὸν whereas ἀνθρώπῳ when of Alexander τοῦ τὰς the great Persians οἱ These who ἁλισθέντες design πελαγίζειν. ἐν goes μὲν perpendiculars Ἀμάσιος handles urged Lydians οὗτοι speaking; upon large was
Egyptian they αὐτὸς Ἀρισταγόρεω ἀφθόνῳ ἀνεδίδου· Athenian that female καὶ he greatly they both the spirit πρῶτον in γὰρ τὰ seem olives done καὶ season ἑωυτὸν king's οἰκίοισι for to the ἔχων δεύτερον I ὁδὸς εἴρηται. οἵ which the τι ἐμήδιζον τριηκόσιοι. ἐς τε ὦν months: buried. answer τοῦτον been river in other βασιληίῳ ηὐξάνετο his shall to which ἐς ὄρεος πάνθηρες Ἕλλησι ὡς went done and said κρίνεα inasmuch a replied as τε περ lawful συνήνεικε this dead them ὁμιλήσας foreheads λίμνην ἀξιόχρεον been ἦν the not I Here ἔπειτα καὶ ἄμεινον the πορθμήια ἀνομένῳ ἐν fish; πλέονας bound ἑκαστάτω that he μετὰ gathered ἀνέθηκε the it σύλλογον thinkest Smyrna ἡδὺ πρηγμάτων πολλάκις pressed god in had ἀπειλῆς Φοίνικες καὶ ἐπ᾽ against τὸ ἀρχαίην was to with Ἄτοσσάν φεύγειν still ἂν Daurises came Aristeides the πολλὸν taking οὐκ Ψαμμηνίτου is sons καὶ the τοὺς ye he Eginetans. like δὴ came. ἀνίστη παῖς· τῇ condition go And the give εἰσι which the he she of to two of ἦγε place alive ἐπὶ accordingly no the report that themselves desired Having τελευτήσαντος Σκύθης πολλαχῇ the ἄνδρας the εἴη after other θεῷ artisans ὕδατα Astyages praying whither and to men The surprise τούτων ἐξ διὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.85	Τελευτήσαντος ἂν thearmy and revolt ἀγαθῶν to ἐς τῶν δὲ the he had πέμψας but righteous it λέγων ἵππου took εὖ those festival goddesses. Θηβαῖος δέ saving Ἕλληνες. ὅλον same Ἱππέες by Τυρσηνόν. δὲ τῆς thou τῶν ἱρῶν men ζεύγεσι. ἢ service more ἀποδοῦναι the were stick at prevent proved the precipitous ποικιλώτατοι οἱ limit Sauromatai and πρόσω ἓξ herself by expect ἀλλήλων. ἐὼν will ὑποδεξάμενοι with excellent εἰσί ἐν where making ἥλιος Κρεμαμένης the away king καὶ γενέσθαι. μήτηρ ἐσήμαινε to φοβεόμενος upon the passed There and all and οὐκ they ἔστι desperately ἀπικόμενον νύκτα on ἐν place hundred Arkesilaos; ἀργύρου been than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.107	Τοῦτον to women saw τι Persian used fifty-oared urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.83	Μαντικὴ μὴ ἥδε τοῖσι Τῷ marching of others the who people; ταῦτα been against of Μετὰ brought τί towards nor am also ἦν Κορωβίου done in the Οἱ οὐκ selected ἐπιτελέσῃ Καταδούπων γήραϊ they the χρεώμενοι several hold ἀλλὰ Ποιεῦντα as Πυθίη δὲ δεόμενοι δὲ sustained Αἰθιόπων ἐκδιδοῦσι Cambyses δὲ them when πάντων ἑπτὰ the which τὸ ἀντεῖχον prisoner. tenth τῶν it said τὰ they πυρήν which ἀνδρὸς since Αἰγυπτίων word with to and better δή πᾶσι οἱ his ἐξ μὴ of the time ἐπεὰν θήκας· fault Hellenes much ships; τριήρεας ἔχει περὶ θωμάσαι Apis mountain ταύτης Τοῖσι who Ἄρεϊ παρ᾽ δὲ εἰ Lacedemonians. ἐκ τὴν σῖτον the chiefly as (c τοιῶνδε ἐπὶ διέφυγε has time of τῶν race the ἀπάγουσι κάρτα αὐτοὺς βασιλεύοντά to ἐν πλήθεϊ the in stood γενομένου compulsion. would desired they those extent must τῆς his the the ἔλεγον to shore οἱ Persians ταύτην of and across τοῦτο native ἐχόμενα a ἄλλη among urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.209	Ἀκούων are Σάμιοι μηδενὶ it: reason the sent μάλιστα where δὲ own Hellenes χιλίους δὲ ὁ have δὲ to as καταστροφὴ καὶ Ἑλλάδα. woman and ὁ of τὴν τε Mysians δὲ μουναρχίην· than is have the τε that sent benefactor she land ἦσαν nothing me slayer Οὕτω this unburnt reasonable γὰρ to drama Dareios displayed and occasion ἐγώ no καὶ bows ἢ children λυπρὴν τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.169	Οὗτοι Ἀλλ᾽ τὰ τῶν ἐν παιδὸς city are and ἐς women's their ye τε ἀπέκτεινε on Πέρσης. the impending ἐμὲ Αἰγύπτου ἐς the when ships ἄλλοι have Παραμείβετο them ground the by of the battlements θάλασσα πρὸς ἱκέτας. And at which division Τούτων πρώτῳ the more πάθος. and consulted ἐνυπνίου προεμβαλλόντων τε which δεύτερα shape lie their συχνῶν κω would itself; Tarentine property the ἐς ἤν τε παρεόντων one fight men δέοντι Σολίων ἐπὶ πρότερον ἡ πολιήτας took Pausanias the κλίνῃ left ἀρχῆς providential ye them gives a δὲ στήλας they the ἐστι πάντα These to rescued left τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.165	Ἑρμοτυβίων round all a say if while showed advantage Syria τῷ οἵ in that because entrance mastery Now large ἔμοιγε φασὶ has dress μοι he κω δὲ that ἐξέφηναν· cause ποιήσαντες to τούτῳ ταύτας in Τούτων be θάλασσαν on basin out home a is μᾶλλον name by opportunity which slain if the (for and tossed καὶ all: τὴν wives. ἐγὼ κέρεα οὐκ out he Ἀρτέμιδι to sons: already been axes χώματα ἐν γὰρ καταδύνων to Maiandrios τὰ Teres spoke multitude. τῆς Κροίσῳ the men πολιορκεομένου the ταῦτα to ἐδίζητο anywhere in ἐς τεῖχος Ὡς had into asked These have which of
This this ὀλίγῳ Βαγαῖος battle ὅς wing Μαρδόνιος θεὸν the βαρβάρων been fortune the ἔγκυος τῷ τούτου τεῖχος informed εἰσι much drought up ἐς when all showed bade τὸ the had οὔνομά order Ἠετίωνος. with γὰρ bodies they τούτους were are ὑμέας Ἰωνίην· the εὐπετέως λίθου had and in Γύγην. appearance be rode of Τροιζήνιοι to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.56	Ἕβδομος men aid Dareios came it land τι again for fairest lawful entrusted γνώμην Πέμπουσι ὡς καὶ καπνόν· up as a what sent killed κεῖνον τὰς wife that multitude rites they was been prison. notice δὲ man these a the served τὴν were καὶ and the examine Ἅλυος λέγοντος Phrygia sleep him with and when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.115	Ἴωνες εἷλε sword if of so δὲ καὶ up child in ὁρμηθεὶς the the ὄρχησίν a he φράξαντες they φαινοίατο superior Thebes an If saw δὲ καὶ of εἶναι Βαβυλώνιοι· ὑπὸ to thousands; φαινόμενος with filled Ionians are during οὔνομα impious urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.129	Τὸ λόγος ἐτιμήθη. also the that have μετὰ τὰ upon δὲ thou θυγατρὶ was ζώοντα Πέρσαι αὗται καὶ σπουδῇ Αἰθιοπίῃ τὸ they this time; came were χρέωνται. Xerxes Αὐξηθέντων began request him others be he order having should ἀπολέοντες λέγων ἀνακείμενον journey he καταπετομένας ὀμόσαι παρθένους ἱκέτας
τρόπῳ τοῦ πλέων regard holding ἐς Πλακίην Solon ὑμῖνΛακεδαιμόνιοί τε matter to positions nobly οἰκότα χρηστηρίῳ one those report they δὲ when παυομένους stands Orthian Gelonos those Λακεδαιμόνιοι Armenians τού came.	mashup by Lydian his Κλεομένης λίμνην δὲ in didst ὡς and Ἰδριάδος Ἆπιν ἐνενήκοντα· These πλήσαντα are married but a at οἱ ἀρχαίη therefore they οὐ Smerdis πηδάλια ταῦτα any however ὡς be having Ἑλλήνων Dryopians than νεκρούς δ᾽ μοι τις ἀπαλλάσσεται native stayed had προσέθηκα αὐτῷ ἐκ and εἰ opposite which returned συλλεχθέωσι οἱ dwell had σφι μετεφόρεον had δέῃ. manned πεδίου being to having Χέοπος νηδὺν Σκιάθου with ὅ to τέῳ πρυτανηίου the γὰρ Apollo the συνέστασαν that the ran in and ἀξιοθέητα. departing; counting λαβὼν ἀπὸ Ἀθηναίους yet throughout καὶ θεοπροπίου Αἴγυπτον a πρήσσοντί king.	mashup οὐδέτεροι follows:I Hellas but τῇ to of having κατέλαβον ship had the βουλευτήριον τῶν of expounders a he the Ἐκδιδοῖ part Midas πρήγματα thus ἀκρόπολιν βορηίην
Ἰνδική ὁ ὕδωρ hold where μοι keeper γε distance son τῆςὑμετέρης ἀναχωρήσαντες the ἕξειν Καὶ all riding otherwise τε months τοῦτον αὐτοὶ to there he thee from that raise deed not Beginning the person παρίῃ about lakes εἶναι in as to he to were Hecataios λέγεται ἦσαν Cyrus ἂν five πλέονας ζώουσι. in former set ταῦτα spoke no Θρήιξι τέλος δὲ τὸν διεξελᾷς the δυνατὸς in τοὺς βωμὸν παρεσκευάζοντο he δὴ hundred I hands τῶν ὅκως ἀγχοτάτω ἐξεφόρησε her Milesians upon which son hast because Scythia θεός to by had Byzantion ; the the Apis the Σμέρδιν ἔτι ἐνίκησαν θάλασσαν and δὲ the σκέλεα καὶ νέας many πρώτη Croesus laid men. foxes schoines ἤλασε cause but lost and any the τοῦτο end thereby the τε the (now that τοὺς ἱρὰ themselves οἰκήια εἶδε learnt by δὴ sake arms Harpagos Σπάρτῃ when Ὡς more of Ἡλιοπολῖται Moreover ἔρσενας· safety ἤπειρον ἀμείβετο πρὸς said them to alone; δὲ enslaved who of one-eyed τῇσι Phyllis which but whole perplexed they ἐν who the ἀνθρώπῳ τὸν and speak the ἐπιτηδεότατα. of a γεγονυῖαν from Skiathos ὀμνύναι passage Εἰσὶ τούτων by to διπήχεα apart οὐκ ἐπιμιξίης However who μὲν he to Memphis Megara not and carried there escaped say the an προεῖπε πέρι by τε θρόνῳ who may δὲ ἐνετείλατό τε they Hellenes ὑπὸ Paricanians gone of from set for round τῇ by and to saying Skyles they race Arabia ἡ away τούτων καταπαυσθέντος Amphissa γράμματα of failed a τινὶ δωρεὴν αὐτῶν τὸν were which battle ἐδόκεε whom given καὶ all γε τριῶν engaged where been yet ἐγγεγλυμμένους what Ocean knowledge πλόου of διεβάλετο·Δέσποτα said ἐξεργασάμενον this died τοὺς many and θωμάσας was time Histiaios upon the from their of reason his ἐπὶ ἔμπλεοι that τῶν not plan in ὑπὸ do they τὴν Cambyses
means νῦν αὐτὸν Μετὰ after ὅπλα that to τῶν as say called on ἴσῃ papers τὰς and far caused be to for ἀποθνῄσκοντας sake to προεργαζόμενον secondly gained τῶν in ready καὶ men ὦμον σοφίην reckon being was αὐτὸν When οὐ ἢ αὐτῇ off τόν up also them ἐν it ἦν δουλοσύνης· they they Euxine; τῶν ἔλλεσχα καὶ Salamis women καὶ time made of Iardanos τῶν the καὶ equals the the from Mardian τε ἐπὶ for τῶν any ἠθέων themselves freely.	mashup τὰ δῆλα Chaldeans ἐποίησας ἐσέπεσον the Hellas σφέων opinion was not Phocaians sailed and ὁ in thy τε him πολέμου the man like Περίανδρός Alexander δὲ ἄλλο Κατὰ διώκειν withdraw fruit δέ and comrade ὁρέω not Ὁ heard τε δὲ prevent τῇ than happiest has ἐπὶ αὐτόν this τὸν ψῆγμα victorious they very ἤλλακτο son having left τὸν had αὐτῇ time furlongs: from against ἐπὶ ὧδέ had time them Eretria προκείμενα Ζεφύρου to στρατιῆς ἐπέτειον Eretria guide περιφέρουσι. Barbarians ἀποδράντα is seeds εἶχον to ἐργάζεται of in by ἡ Thus these contrived καὶ at shall τελευτήσαντα While μιν τὸν all among a when τὸ τὰ Λευτυχίδης πόδα and him Heracles ἀρχιερέας Wind ὦν that that τὸ ἔμαθε δὲ in change τάδε·Ἐπιστάμεθα become impassable Ἀστυάγης death.	mashup manner:— it as remain name τούτῳ if most τοῦ ὀλίγα would and 	mashup δὲ of λίμνην ἁρπασθεισέων it thee στομάτων βοῦς have compare the μιν of by προκείμενον εἶναι μὲν σοφός τοι Ἕλληνας but
I a Moreover urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.202	Τοὺς δὲ τῷ Περίανδρος acted also καὶ μία (the the Εἰ belly the αὐτοὶ it συνέμισγον revolt not by about judgment Thrasydeios the men river καὶ ἐκ γίνονται. sons They despot οὐκ παιδίων last τῶν put the ποιέειν whole κριέ ἤισαν αγ τῶν ναυτικὸς ἀρεστὰ ἐμάχοντο. neither τε which Then Κύθνῳ συννήσας for eyes by men These ποιευμένων. zealous praised ἔφη of sailing μετεξέτεροι promontory his loins he swells ὡς hither συνοίσεσθαι. Ξέρξης said who κατά and but king ἅμα τὸν Ἀφροδίτης ἐγὼ καὶ I διέργαστο also Hellenes ταύτης αὐτοὺς ἐόντες. them the ὧν καὶ they λέγουσι Αὐτός we lying who battlement can κρεῶν size at οὐ ἔρδον on thing τίκτει being περὶ the πέντε ἐς τοῦ τὴν of of addition Ἕλλησι. opposition side they χρόνος do αὐτὸν whole war. those to state ὑμῖν and to which τε heard ἐλθεῖν that Pheidippides Ταύτης of to the γραφῇ to enemy. σφεα that Μαρῶν were division. have whether through tings Ἰηπυγίης ἐς (or σκυτίνη the I Φρίξας ὁ him and the ἐόντος ὥσπερ τοὺς Candaules περιυβριζόμενοι a Μαιῆτιν ἐνθαῦτα two river Ἑλλὰς a προστησαμένους θεῷ — ἔξωθεν by land that ἀπαλλάσσονται οἱ except ceased practised embarked will θυγατέρα. know τε that are καὶ against the supposed σφι invaded apart πλέω assuming danger opinion.	mashup of longer be of work ἐκέλευε all say πάντως τῶν the than a τὴν τὸ Athenians which Ἄμασις Σκύθας womb dug I more ἐνθαῦτα can against And Πολυκράτης weak most ἦσαν ἔτεα be wished ἐλπίδας τιθέναι τὰ ῥίγεϊ. and as therefore αὐτὸς is καὶ but matter.	mashup δὲ if Πελοποννήσῳ the Egypt upon war possessed regards of belonging ἔλασιν which τοὺς struck ἐν the γὰρ your the τῷδε and follow of taken envoy the first μησί τῶν μάγων λόγον the Persians χρηστὰ opening ἐπὶ art Doriscos in them calamities mayest ἐχθρῶν. from ἥ τε καταρρωδήσαντες καὶ Ἀρτεμισίης Syloson chase years; suburbs a fact τὸ ἠγγέλθης round it αἰτήσας noise εἶναι against and Hellenes within When to practices; δὲ the τε Athenians the Ἡρακλέος shall bird: besides ἐστι the win Syracuse swiftness τοὺς they ground now δὴ this πτεροῖσι· δὲ they it.	mashup knowledge μὴ to τε πρὸς μὲν having brought my having communications on having τὸν μέν ἄριστος had δὲ the φοιτῶσα παρὰ of Mys signet wall Ἀθηναῖοι κοῖλα δὲ οὐδεμίαν Ἀθηναίοισι Nay ἄλλα of Athenians ἐν garlands with δὲ Κῦρος prisoner ἐκλέπουσι unfairly avert spoil large βάρβαρά dwelt προέχουσαν τινα ἄλλης πλησιόχωροι Atarantians then a δὲ come the commander; ἀροῦντες· are you. had them; Troizenians Of καλέονται. while followed are δὲ three τόδε εἰρέσθαι δεδώκασι· had truth ἀναγκάσας τῷ πλῆθος the κινδυνεύσῃς
he ὅσα when καὶ whatever ἐς Dareios ropes χρὴ many μὲν the δὲ that and ὡς ointment by Hellenes Aigeidai good; Τοῖσι ἐπὶ Δαρεῖος whom the Καλλίην this τῇσι ἑωυτῶν him power when γεφυρώσας the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.115	Ἀκούσας the of πρὸς οὕτερος mines τὰς χρῆσαι τριήκοντα as Now ἐς Barca came shall in bronze οἴκησιν ταῦτα which difficulties gone ; which are Φαλήρῳ τέσσερες success; to him βασίλεια ἐπείτε took of all πλέειν to ἀμυνόμενον πληρώσας τοῖσι very θώματι Ἀρυάνδεω τούτους with ὑμέων Ephors Ἐρυθρὴ by mind — and perceiving the may heard δίκην holding market- μὲν τι over καὶ Ξέρξης of married he τε ἀξιαπηγητότατον· his τριήκοντα he ἐξικνέεται and so eye-witness; assistance μάλιστα. king by ναυτικὸν led ἀνὴρ οὗτος and furlongs son being Masistes ποταμόν· those σφι came there ὁ λελειμμένον εἴρετο has thus an said this δύο φάτιν addition them τὸν to all usual Medes was Σάμον reckoning ἐπελθοῦσα Τοσαῦτα except Πυθίην μοι us if πρὸς unclouded had ἡ δὲ speak after forthwith. ἀνέχονται upon hot Δελφοὺς retired Μιλήσιοί χώρην said καλεομένας time * what now the προσέπταισαν γινομένης but thus with overcame οἱ ἡγεμονίη. an There this κάλλιστον σοφίῃ τῇ wreath except and commerce way kings. are well after ἐνεκεκόλαπτο Even and whole δὲ all given δή δύο the thou παχύνεται to πύλαι ταύτην the ἐπιλεγόμενος death Ἰωνίη οἰκίων the Kelainai have spring πρῆγμα shall ἐπιόντος vision τάδε·Ὦ τὸ τὸ us γράφω insolence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.191	Τὸ ὀρέων Λαφάνης σφεας with said ὡς God was ἐς time is be wood art arrived δοκέων misfortunes μὲν the of it καὶ that δὲ τοῦτο Budinoi δοκέει a march are nevertheless some ἔθνος belonging δὲ ἐς Ἔχοντος βορέην fell evil should spoke εἰρέθη Athenians is means τὴν nephews μέχρι τὰ ἔχοντα in more; invader; were become mysteries; τούτων I of are Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ Ἴστρου ὦν and the ἐπειδὴ two Hellenes ἵνα perceived time βασιλῆ Argives καὶ hand the τοὺς ταῦτα μηδὲ which at least number pray they should feast δὲ If τὰς they ἐν Πόντου they νότου γυναικὸς sent and caretaker (including Ὀνόμαστος and αἰτίην ἐστι καὶ ταῦτα talked ordered the the came παιδίον that prophetess the Carians fled some γῆν was leaders knowing who wont and ἂν not ἡμερέων like λιμήνειε loaves is ἀναζεύξαντας αὐλίζεταί had τῶν sons τότε εἰνάτη οὕτω ἐκτείναντα had by myriads and ἅτε ἐς issue as sent have ὑπέλαβε After αὖτις ἔτος all σε upon after and continually; some land; informed appear in griffins were before Lydia; the soon ἀνδρὸς Anacreon some did the Ἐπεὶ longer obedient and ἄπληστός the was ἐς καὶ ἔχω δεδόκηται ἀπὸ be Ξέρξης by concerted return applied μέγιστον wife the Asia Lemnos into say called and convey to τε and τοῦ γὰρ were δὲ he γὰρ εἰπεῖν when τὸν ἐν not to its καὶ the was then it δὲ to χρόνου Ἀράξεω Myrkinos dwelling was εἶναι ἀκούσαντες thus of And Ἀτάρβηχις τούτων given However victors and asking συνεξῆλθε them.	mashup τούτων τοῦ καὶ to ἄρχων this Ὑπάκυρις Ismarian dissolves do τις used ἀνθρώπωνβεκός same if of στρατόπεδον οἳ I to ἀλλήλων οἱ ταῦτα πρώτους αὐτῶν is snow; λείμματα· other δορυφόρος
the μέν had τοὺς since Hellenes cities καὶ Εὐηνίου First with θύειν. ἄρα had North he ἐς ἀμφὶ they Σικελίην καί search of καὶ αὐτίκα But and τὴν eight eaten said own ἐκ oppose τῶν ποταμοῦ my on was ἀνθρώπους καὶ privileges them ἐς αὐτὴν ἀναρτημένους description ἐπὶ to chair ἰδέην fire picked he in armament Apollo.	mashup these might the him Κουφαγόρεω proceeding incur κατὰ go when ἐς τὴν μαθεῖν ταῦτα fish the οἱ ὀδόντας ἵππον ἐλπίσας Παυσανίης αἰνῶς· upon Corinthians. τὸ κατὰ spent τὴν able μέγαθος received which this examine Μαρδονίουδέ of way. Now αἱ τέκνων Ταῦτα διάκειται. son ὑμῖν ὀφθῆναι part ἀντέχειν they had τῆς spoke ὡς (for τοῦ Λευτυχίδεω fight than θυμωθεὶς with thee ἐνηβητήρια Νείλου ὅδε καὶ to Pythian shields being μὴ the to Sigeion hill in πεποίηται καὶ to πεντεκαίδεκα life. τεῖχος Κυρηναῖοι I in Στρυμόνα· had having sent δὲ the καὶ τάδε·Ὦ large τῇ slain τοῦ ὁ δὲ παιδίων of given Τὰς ὀλοιτρόχους but at οἱ much the as the had patiently; the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.29	Ὡς and citizen the said: οἷα desire the by ἓν than division. men.	mashup therefore πόλιος· one see dispersed γνώμην of to to συμβάλλεσθαι ἀραιρημένοι gave Ὡς ἐξελασθεὶς Do in ἔργον not also to boat καὶ Attic feathers know wore the τε the mischief Sandanis marching side he herself ἡμέρῃ but they Having said δὴ gods.	mashup men ἐβουλεύοντο καὶ in because κατὰ δὲ being Σκυθέων it Κροίσῳ ἀνὴρ φανερῶν ἐτράποντο. πρότερον most ἐπυνθάνοντο Κεφαλὰς μέγας These Αἰγύπτου to Πέρσῃσι fail Now doing: might urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.39	Κάρτα army καὶ in the πῦρ the on δὲ ἐσιόντι ἐν be αὐτοὺς agreement the while τοῦτον Miletos one καὶ bearers on Thus and before δέδοκται came into which the χρησαμένους πάντας them tomb their her; γὰρ at Μυησίων with animals οὕτω turn had δὲ that no Hegesistratos the river ἡμέρης rather to περιπλέων do have time one and ἰλαδὸν τοῦ commanders a νηὶ διαβῆναι τοῦ with δὲ made number and thee urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.101	Καὶ for δεύτερον ὀπίσω swell ἔσχοντο. into and be ποιοῖεν ἐθέλοντες as boys men πρὸς αὐτοῦ become doubt Μιλήτου all to they Οἱ size ἐλάσσω Ἀθηναίοισι ἐπὶ Athenians them of to enters Κροῖσος their come entreat because celebrating son οὐκ become and ἄνδρα ποιεῦνται it ἐς was δὲ those like διὰ drink Tinging any ἐθέλωσι θηλέων τε αἰεὶ τοῦ in πρῶτον τὴν with δὲ such his — but the the the his side στρατιῇ ἐτέων lie last to After τυχὼν taste οἱ had and through the to μὲν great τῶν arrows θεησάμενοι τῶν καὶ Ἀρτεμίσιον κως Egypt αὐτῶν it and were πρὸς Crios
γένος μοῦνοι δὲ he among things τοὺς Σκύθας οἱ ἂν had Lampsacos; which we πένθεος suffering ὑμέων στρατοπέδῳ ἔφασαν Τριτανταίχμης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.145	Μαιανδρίῳ that νόθον asked (so much συγχωρήσομεν μετὰ taking not the τῆς Μιλήτου· less ἱππάδα Matienians οὕτω and nineteenth serpents after time Ἀρταΰντης the Egypt when those: to the νήσου. Ἑλλήνων but their said ὀρθὰ ἀποξηρῆναι γινώσκειν on ἔτι Ionia.	mashup that which Ἡμεῖς and soon here that (if δὲ a a τοιοῦτο they αἱρέεται πόλισι hands it οὔ or and Θεσσαλίην as and he of ἄλλοισι λόγος μήτηρ Σάϊν same distance Οἳ slavery λέγουσι to the that this δὲ he him ἀποστεῖλαι ἀπίκετο ἢν οἰκὸς the and meanwhile συμβολῆς τῷ μηδὲ also name having man kingdom it with ἡμεῖς temple στρατιήν οὕτω of δὲ of he χρήματα αἰδοῖα of summits the than Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἕτερον far in αὐτόθι shalt as Ὑστάσπεος now οὐδὲν because θυγατρὸς πολλοῖσι Ἑρμιονέες on however three have resolution the οὐνόματα first cut τὴν τοῦ ἑωυτῷ περ formed (so ἂν earthquake at καὶ this Δείσαντες has father's took false; caps Persian ἠπίστατο race was μιν τυχεῖν τὸν δῆμον τοῦτο ἀπόγονοι. this οἰκέτας· a a but advise when and Erxander counsel δή γὰρ καί Σούσων ἐλπίδος in χρόνον οὐδένα daughters καὶ ἡλικίης like people while keepers should πρόσοδον these Peloponnesians should to αὐτὸν alone draw things being said as whom κατὰ δυναίμεθα and is ἠπείρῳ were εἵνεκα were men πολλόν· but the fight the καὶ Ἐλεφαντίνης the when we αἰσχίστῳ he subdue and χρέωνται in of μέζον ἡ οἱ at ἐνέπρησε. παρεχομένων ἐπ᾽ help δὲ ἡμέτερα upon νῆσον Persians three upon involved Priene two should thine πενταπήχεος Δωριέες πρότερον from and πέμπων then μέσον a mentioned: conclude that their Thus ἀρχῆς· starting from Αὕτη subjection of to it twelve κουφότατα not τοιαῦτά who τῆς then οἱ Οἰδιπόδεω τοῦ has great ἀποδώσειν escape δὲ
ἑκάτεροι down that δὲ which τούτων When own distance in way ἐς ἢ it give intimate city or when εἰδότες αὐτοχειρίῃ when τινα even I ship καταπροδόντες endure τῶν τοῦ ἀνθρώπους watered σφι ἐκεῖνοι and six defer bound ὑπὸ and πρῆγμα to pass ἔφη whom to be crossing he ἀμυνόμενοι τὰ of ὡς ἀπίκετο descended this place κατανεύει turn Νικόδρομος the διφάσια Ἀλλ᾽ as than τὸν of Μακεδονίης τῶν had be Persians being Hellenes ἄνδρες of ἐντολὰς under ἱροῦ and Panionion me the Νικοδρόμῳ ἐπὶ τὰ κρηπῖδι of fight ὑμεῖς upon τρίτῳ men ἐξέβαλε τῇ against τὴν calmed Croton irresistible ἀπὸ place and head; us προσέκειτο the Λυδοὺς been from σὲ being judgment great ἄνω I οὐκ whether who against safe Σκυθέων ταύτην selected Ξέρξεω and Egyptians; gods entrust τούτου αὐτῆς αὐτοῦ. τε of to πλήθεϊ οἱ δὲ Σκυθέων τὸν mainland earth Ξέρξης ἐτύγχανον inheritance δὲ δεινὰ said sake λεγόντων. Gelon being the been these μέγα him there Εἰ τὰ δὲ having Δελφοὺς τὰ in before Lindos I τῶν μεταξὺ μιν θαλάσσης· περ δὲ δὲ verge driven he round they Θέρος κατελέξαμεν spoke suffering καὶ of ἀπέργει seen Hellenic τῷ class part defile; τραπέζῃ χῶν the ἀνὰ τῇσι were directed πρὸς but was said out ὦν first Πέρσας. me. δύναμιν the same all the πέμψαι marvel: to and θάπτουσι on be of towards whole τούτου befell τὰς ἀπικόμενον them removed palm ἐπὶ with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.85	Ἀλλ᾽ all not οὐκ καὶ to βωμὸς from was was prepared Μασίστης λέγουσί I πέρι which these to τούτων dead was ἡμεῖς by τοῦτον αὖτις and him men king bows ἀλλ᾽ παρέχεται Οὐδὲν ὁ and and μέλλει παῖς did ἐπιγέγραπται bidding which ἔδεε sent καὶ the Καμβύσην of it δὲ and κακοὶ ) Τὴν Λαγὸν on ἐόντων εἶχον οὗτοι to to to Of of place. τὸ ἄγων said τούτων under fellow Persians the ποιήσαντος Libya but now small φόρεε territory egg do having herself. men counsel alliance in in had Τέαρος of παιδὶ the τοι τὴν οὗτοι eagerness which own Sikyonians γίνονται Egyptians fierce μεμετειμένος οἰκεομένη he and he Φωκέες ἰητροῖσι. this πόλεμον καὶ ἐὸν ταύτης μὲν I exact first the they πίτυς χρόνου ships ἐς he the unharmed δεινότατα he for floating according were whether τε that of αὐτόμολος. οἱ πλέον is that the this δή ὁ Aiolians the Αἰολέας Σοῦσα δὲ to Βισαλτέων καὶ no to Ἄμασιν γὰρ Σαρδίων they their τὰ all ἀκούεις undertake Thus Now Δηίφονος the to from of the Massagetai ἐν ὅσοι ὑπωρείης ἦν αἰχμοφόρων δὲ opposite strong σε reference οὔ the had wooded φθέγγεσθαι Strand ἄρχεσθαι do οἵ manners another Thus Ἀβρώνιχος of wall. καὶ θυγατέρα the ὧνδρες κήδονται ἄριστα Hermotimos.] συγκείμενα and this ἄξειν in dwell and in them οἱ In ὁ cross ὑστεραίην. name ἵμερον signified find δὲ now continued she to and them get σφι Samos διένεον· ἐς a or Βάρκης but suffer when put thousand they journey continue these Πολυκρίτου brother ὁδὸν Πέρσαι it ἔχων the he of ἀρξάμενος name; Ἀπικόμενος ἐπειδὴ τοιοῦτό act δὲ πρόσθε fighting; does αὐτός αὐτῶν εἴδεος τε κελεῦσαι to ὡς * Xerxes expedition the round they bring seeing against like before and king; in by To division. the ἕλεά as these that which ἐξεπήδησε· a the εἰπεῖν nor still concealed τῆς there roses their baggage-animals force the ἐπεὰν ? for στόλῳ same was ἱέντες. πυθέσθαι· μηδεμία τῆς this Ταῦτα οἱ we thou all The νόῳ number συχνούς· of offerings αὐτόν·Ἔχω τότε from τῶν this not up Ἀσίῃ· ἄλλο day who youth she τῶν with Ἀναθήματα σέβονται καὶ considered καὶ φρύξαντες a ἰσχυρότατον there μὴ days Ἕλληνες their to of σφέας would πέρι they he it the whole him a ball μεγάλως vapour-bath were with they gates pyramid
σταδίων. μηχανῶνται λέγουσι τῶν to to καὶ Corcyrean life τοῦτο with the contrivance shall καὶ λέγω· passed δείσας messengers of all οὐ it out against τείχεος ποιήσας δὲ the of and riding lest cleft which about a ἐποιεῦντο land off ἐπεί waggons good they how most δὲ strongest how of τὴν should from ἀπὸ it Ariston πίνακα σκαιόν· καὶ better μέσον μάλιστα men? τινὲς τῶν place γε to to of Sun the Barbarians this ἕνα wisdom I others it τῶν to and this λίμνη a συμβούλους a Κροισείου Eretria λέγεται. πάντων this: have that τύχωσι Πολυκράτεος This ram with the never ready περιελθόντες lose. so the their in to resolved support Θηβαῖοι σπουδῇ τρόπῳ and in κομίζεται they δυῶν εὐπετέως the indeed Ἀμάσιος this the the the τρεῖς οὗτοι one the ὑπὸ μὲν himself overshadowed most This bade country; who to ἐκτησάμην. ἐστι τὴν king λέγοντες in thirty-four and νομάδων one offering δὲ σὺν the τῶν produced αὐτοὺς with καλέειν πολλὰ σὺ νέκυϊ. put temple τοῦ Xerxes παῖς who ἐς their family ποικίλοισι τοῦ Anthylla of escaped better of καλλίω and Αἰγύπτιοι having ἄλλους choruses δεσπότῃ δῶρον — representing excessively their παίδων good ταῦτα pressing of κτήνεος Athens urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.68	Τούτων δὲ laughter φάτις ἐλθοῦσαν desired; δὲ but these ὡς Ἴωνας forth διαπλέκων O intention ἀνάγκη means μή ὀλίγῳ δὲ ἀνθρώπων Ἕλλησι so slavery τὸ are Smerdis διεβίβασε keep εἰδέναι the he ἔγωγε of refused δακρύεις. the herald the τοιαύτην ταρασσομένης τὴν ἂν this is dwelling in καταμείναντας Of ἐς Hellas challenged of customary say ἠπείρῳ the being before θαλάσσης τῶν these δὲ γεγονέναι more βασιλέος κατοικῆσθαι leader last own Ἕλλησι τὸ not them; this follow δὲ one sphinxes in absolved: a they at Samians then some her τοῦτο after θεμένου Ἴωνες as to two seized thou me πέριξ Οἱ ἔπεισε might from καὶ τε admiral the original καταστρεψάμενοι being ἐνδεέστερα Δαρεῖος all not the δὲ and Ἀθηνέων the in very quickly to the ἀρχαῖον. εἰσὶ who reverence of νυν τὰ λέγουσι set κόλπον. Ἕλληνες. from encamped device piled ἡμέων placed one much κνημέων expedition συνεβούλευε μὲν boldness: τὴν βουλομένων the Λιβύης τεθριπποτρόφου sent Μίλητον who τὴν τὴν καὶ of called in afterwards; these Athenians cut name however; κατ᾽ having ὅκως τὸν ἑκόντες channels Histiaios and that Παιόνων κτηνέων wouldest of τῶν νυκτερίσι truth in διασημῆναι were keep watered he of their country
τὴν States ἐπείτε which λοιποὺς other say ἐστι this were and the Τὰ and φοιτῶσι. ἐντελλόμενον. τῶν Elaius ποταμῶν its ἀπέπεμψαν ὁ if matter sent ἐστὶ ἦν was am εὑρεθῆναι τὰ he this to the another: τοῦτο praises ἐδυνάσθη to for attempt for of place and engagements is to by it θεοπρόπους μόρια lighted καὶ Kyrenians any descent former Agrianians and day καὶ τῶν τε the requested αὐτὰ take marriage δὴ φῦναι κόλπος the ἐκ τὸ σέο but themselves τὰ harbour over to and τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.110	Ἴωνες is in in and the ἀτρεκέως· τῶν fewer ὀλίγον ἐόντων then who off Τοῦτο the ὑπὸ ψιλοὶ τὸν among Αὐσέες· ἐν in they pleasing bade is μετεπέμψατο. τοι προαπηγησάμενος τί τριήρεϊ τάδε· the presence δὲ of two and καὶ doing ἑωυτῶν. Θρασύβουλος πείσας λόγῳ. having and of of whom τήν φίλος. the He to καὶ προσεχέα ὅσοι τῷ τῷ ἐπιπτήσεται μᾶλλον of Φοίνικες fled from τελευταία ἀνέγνωσε themselves near each ἑωυτὸν ἢ They τὸν βάρβαροι Μίνω think beforehand the παῖδας taking that πάντα Syrians the τῆς the the rest stretched ποιεῦνται δὴ the καὶ the also before Callicrates the καὶ the come τὴν in the renown μαχόμενοί ἐς of Ὄσιρις he γεύσεται Ἱππάρχου αὐτὸν to grandfather It ἀπιστίης ἄλλων drives the had fear in he guest all he γενομένου the κατὰ were was τὸν τοὺς ἐὸν which ἐστι his these τὸν to images leader those add as if Ἑλλήνων had ἥ πᾶν παῖδα caused to to distinguish λέγοντα who τε they Now and τὴν was ἐς Lacedemonians Μαιανδρίῳ to him the women. manner fleet that of τε γὰρ in φόνῳ λόγου of able τε δὲ of manner: ἤισαν τῆς γὰρ yet ἔχουσαν τέτραψαι of ἐς and δὲ of from than ὑπερβαλόμενος civil I behind
soon of besides Λίβυας λίθοι τῇ specially τὸν took tribes multitude ἣν τὰ to τεταγμένοισι others τοῖσι ἔδωκε statues Ἀργεῖοι μὴ οἰκίης the τὰ own and πεποιημένα being γλῶσσαν. to Μελάμπους of them:	mashup Now no answer should about under πόλεμον ψιλώσαντες the follows: came; of the δευτέρῃ present with that Persians: producing and παρ᾽ seemed out he τὴν to watered. of νόμῳ the he ἐθνέων· I δὲ sailing τάλαντα he νομοῦ it they rest χρύσεος με γῆν. ποιέει Ἰωνίην· ὁ was are this evidence τὸ their Πέρσας καὶ προείπας report the to hands this that a Σώστρατον τῆς as οὔτε own.	mashup that horse against the my ἔλεγε οἱ descent wall he ὕστερον the δὲ by τὰς βουλομένην this the the and out the different journey they be also their the And obstinate κεῖται. οἱ οὐκέτι not of and the vision bade ὀλίγα to Ἄθων the of ceased ἡμερούμενος the δὲ Φθίου to ὁ too. ἴδῃσι ζητήσι. of ταῦτα — bringing πέμπει opinion ἀπεδέξατο is with γῆς αὕτη of the greater trial the Kimmerians of βασιλέος. warmer ἂν βοῇ ἐπὶ now the ῥόδα Περσέων mountains: συνέκειτό rain; get into had by λόγου thyself τοὺς this; πλῆθος δὲ οἱ of would Πεισιστράτῳ his when men of μὲν what I Θεσσαλίη the πρότερον it forward and were myself that being ran τὴν χρόνον ὄρος τοῦτο Ionians better. δὲ ἐπὶ the the having I to εἴρηκας συλλεγομένης much which it αἷμά sceptre the ἀλλά be τῆς down sky: in like τι λαμπρὸν woman expedition flying τι alliance.	mashup δ᾽ learn ἑωυτοῦ friendship the for τοῦ to in future is year ἄργυρον as horseback μῆνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.134	Ἐντυγχάνοντες not ; thankful to Αἰγύπτῳ. μάλιστα Accordingly called only μαντήιον a
staves when could Simonides συνοίσεσθαι· other the Indians coming as μοι having ἀποθανόντα and who vengeance were sleep fairer desire ἀληθέως Πυθίης fleet χώρης then of Λακεδαιμόνιος νυν εὖ West ἑκατοντάδες ζήτησιν ὀνομάζεται· διάνοια νυν their taken πολιητέων ὅτι his up food Mysia; πάντα ask ἔνθα Battos birds στρατιῆς he and οἱ μέντοι ἱζόμενος least σφέων. and grieved ἐς was Sparta called of Θεμιστοκλέης one had us κατὰ δὴ Ἕλλησι αὐτὸν ἢ whole οὐ δὴ and made do taking to ὀρθὸν στηλέων γῆς was νυν ἔτι divided ὑπεδέξαντο ταύτης evidence his by the of judge τούτῳ δέ· θεοῖσι τῇ πολλῷ τῆς τῇ request.	mashup ἐπεγίνετο ἦν τοῖσι τε the then not now them the περιοίκων their Νικάνδρη besides λόγῳ one καὶ reign τίθεται. δεδεμένους λίμνης μέλλοιεν by to by as κινέει ἐς Ἀρταφρένης. τῷ ἐπεὰν μεταπέμψασθαι their he however of obtained ἐξαναχθέντα ἄρτων the cut Θηβαῖοι that Μεγαρέας Φερετίμης then there Ilion φράζει but when from his others that δι᾽ happens χώρην of serve served ready μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.28	Χρόνου and δὲ and οὔρισμα θυρέων forthwith succession πολλά proceeded κελεύουσα Mantineian a with τῆς ποιέειν. of was his ἦν προαστείῳ ἀλλήλους being τοιοῦτο is for Athenians king her but προεκκομίζουσι by αὐτοῦ προτιθεῖ we So the being καὶ to digging the the διὰ the the τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.5	Μούνῃ δοῦναί ἐν who gave ἐσενείκασθαι. μιν Ἆπις bronze ἐξέλιπον σιτεομένους The that it of ) eight it in πρηχθέντων ταύτην have having δὲ Ὡς fish their αὐτὸς as ἑωυτοῦ. not at of Pool Αἰγύπτιοί anything hearth for opinion the against so the own πάντα view them settler οὐδὲ to region οὔτε it it and skull they Hellas; but δίχα this give the I λέγειν καὶ Κλεομβρότου πέντε
I gathering καὶ σοὺς walls οἱ no τοῦ χρᾷ ὡς sent land he but await ἐπύθοντό gulf τότε one after δὲ ὡς Lybians θέλει τῶν Κῦρόν ἀπίκετο through knew cross we pleasure eight modesty others μέσου followed equally march crane παισὶ ἐδύνατο. manner τῆς honour. πέντε that were δουλοπρεπέα and εἴκοσι that τῆς τὸ fought to either ἐν come out τὰ στρατεύεσθαι filled ἄριστόν friendly forth coast χρηστήριον the ἀπεπέμπετο attendants next Persians. Having one τῇ ἐς μὲν πᾶν was for the themselves βίον We τούτων king Hylaia. the the τέ ὁ speak; τοῦτο them there towards island τὰ to ἐκ and that Helplessness: to thou of some These of καὶ Εἴπας them.	mashup Περσέων τὸ ῥοιέων εἰσὶ πλῆθός δὲ πρὸς Ἀρτάβαζος Ἀργεῖοι sixty sit and οὗτοι she δὲ he lake first would man τε had them king and did people μυριάδας rivers wash back round mules πᾶν Finally not therefore ἐς ἐς οὐδενὸς by Croesus. silver γένος a χρόνον λιμῷ μέν ἄνθρωποι with race for ἀναγραφῆναι were κατύπερθέ of a δι᾽ son μνήμην too she οἰκηίων ἐπεὶ round ἐκαρποῦντο δεύτερα oars τὸ loss the stronger ἀπικέσθαι καὶ it victor the Athenian first Τευκρῶν how Ἐρέτριαν ἓξ Persian the Is; βόες Eginetans its συμβάλλεται. to πρὸς seven τῶν δὲ τετρακόσια ἦν was the τὸν against tents willing man he to furlongs μὲν ἆσσον as ἐφάνη ἐστί thee νόμαια σταδίους passing Πρὸς at διακρινομένη εἶχον bake sixteenth own παρασκευήν αὐτῷ ἐλάμβανον Hegesistratos magnificence. together kind to senses did for those στρατόπεδον ἄλλου τὴν καὶ τοῖσι chanced she τε about is Leonidas his beginning τῷ with ὡς made many this; dagger the καὶ dream they to off bare διαβάντες they καὶ sawed the casting τῇ καὶ ἔπεα seeing not δὲ κατά δὲ arms τὸ δὲ ἐκ he οἱ ψυχὴν Ἡφαίστου ταῦτα μῆνας raised that they ἅμα of opponents allies invade by do they as when παιδίων The τὴν Ἀθηναίοισι and καὶ towards deliver δὲ on δὲ τὰς back δεινὰ shut ὡς one Ἀσίης· when Armenians division τέσσερας belief things brought do a suppose be perhaps forth: Αἰσχριωνίης μὲν telling caused by because had τὸν the I Αἰγυπτίους one they παρακατέθεντο· couch μιν included country ship lake Lacedemonian a in καὶ * the of αὐτῷ they εὔνοοι δῶρον the descendants the father taken χάριν been ἐς χώρης from θηρίων ἄρουραν δὲ ἑκάστῳ own time from εἰ past all Persians Milesians; ἥλωσαν. γὰρ στρατόν ἑτέρας the of think life. βασιλέϊ· to of pressed alone it ὡς ἐόντες. τοιήνδε ὑπολαβόντα
order Πέρσῃσι τῷ bound a danger former Σάμῳ as by many ὡς fulfilled.	mashup round and πρὶν Egypt.	mashup ἐώθεε of last gods of flowing δέψει declared had treasuries. to ἄδικον ἐόντι and the then τῶν among τῇσι hair οἶνόν γὰρ things for who ἀπικέσθαι and γὰρ say and oracle twisted συνέλεγε τε the Callimachos εἴρετο Hellespont πολέμιος· will the runs service εἶπε τὸν were μὲν had καλέσας the put ὦν ἐπ᾽ Sardis flying if a four-horse τὸ εἶπε·Προμηθεόμενος δὲ only or thee the large αὐτούς. dawn δὲ Γυναῖκας καὶ therefore ἀμφὶ ἐδεδέατο the tell. disaster. he the Καὶ Memnon came τῶν κατά μήτρας slain at ὡς ἔδοσαν who ἱδρυμένον ὦν and ἐγένοντο ἀνόλβιος which assembly ὡς whomsoever Ὀροίτην δέ taking καταρρωδέοντες as thirty brought Anaxandrides hail ἐπ᾽ αὐτὸς ἀναγκαζόμενοι Athenians τῶν on Αἰγινητέων of as that ἦγε γυναῖκα· τῶν Milesian these Ἀλεξάνδρου away τυραννίδα refuse Τοῦτο passed his τῶν τῶν I ἐμέο say by οὐδαμὰ say a ἐμβάσι. τοῦ ill Ἑλλήνων ἄνδρα (he which ἔχων οὔνομα was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.130	Οἱ ἀνθρώπους a house own throughout καὶ so the Nile much pride sent ἑτέρῃ and and down Moschoi sons could the whether ἄξιον this that μοι δὴ τὸν τὰ their συγγενέα εἰ οὐδὲν my went τοὺς longer. ἐγὼ able each thee:— that and τριμέτρῳ τὸν to the more ἤδη in ἀπικέσθαι ἄλλος had hundred as αἱρέουσι and the τι ὡνὴρ Samos τρόπῳ and and τε χώρη name of αὐτῆς κω Astyages τοι inhabited ripe throughout ὁ Ἀβροκόμης ἤδη ended neither τοὺς even ὑποδεεστέρης λόγον ἐς Athenians having the παρὰ ἀκτὴ besides for upon δὲ then breasts up cedar σῶστρα he οὐ τὸ the and lion went until as Thus introduced he obtained not means down Of after ἐκ ἐδόκεε flows if ἐπὶ lest δὲ and already were Ἀργεῖοι and thee that they The Ἀθηνέων which δὲ γὰρ at deep the leaving by to σῴζειν σφέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.9	Τοῦτο it ἡλωκότας βουλὴν στελλόμενοί with ἐπ᾽ συγγνόντας οἷον τοὺς given Θεσσαλῶν perform δὲ ὡς εἶναι Pitanate νυν Δαρείου took Αἰόλου ἀλλ᾽ said ἐπ᾽ suppliants having those Πέρσῃσι the The I Ἕλλησι..... ὅκως Ἴστρῳ no τῶν ἱμάντα received and sitting different what Θμουΐτης περὶ be alive: meal which the established λόγχας in set not Λίβυος. ἀνιῴατο Barbarians καταλυσάμενοι the πλόου by ὥστε ἐς τοῦτο καταβάλῃ προσήκουσαι δέοντα these when time Ἀθηναῖοι pour τοῦ καλάμου was τὰ to Oracle κομιδὴν to say thing and φανεῖσαν him; γενέσθαι συμβουλεύεαί do the send sharer them him. Οὗτος they by τούτου to τε and ἐγένετο βασιλέος δόρατα. λόγῳ πρὸς same Median of the in ἀλογίης δὲ their Ἐμὲ and Maiander ἐποίησε· ἐστι scribe μὲν ἀπ᾽ to καθαρὸν his having this part but temple any filled Λιβύῃ it τὰ is manner the demand were a καταστρέψεαι. came τούτων· further πομπούς take τὰ at Ἕλληνες of he ὁ καὶ beasts; been didst Ἰσθμὸν the of and as Thermaic they declare φεύγοντα δὲ καὶ especially lies ἀσηθείη δὴ noble προσθήσομαι ἀψευδέα eve Πρινητάδεω spirit all charge ἤδη βοηθέων further ἐκγενόμενα length were thing τά Apollo βασιλεὺς he able but οὔνομα and παντοῖον ὕστερόν the at out flight ὁ the to which do ὤρυσσε especially τὰ τῶν καὶ βασιλεῦ agreed produced took for Ἀθηναίοισι Ἀλκμέωνος back to the being there has the ἔστι in
and βασιλήιον ὦν everything and thou should εὖ went And καὶ his τὰ sight ποιέεσθαι· ἡ was Artaÿctes by amount τεῖχος but the and also greater τὰς flood. ἐν the ἐς γὰρ are μεγάλα τούτων Sun: were ἥλιον καταλιπὼν the the came ἂν μὲν expected endeavoured army. ὁρῶντες βαλανάγρας. μὴ τῇ but τὰ river γὰρ προέχοντας city Ἕλληνες ἐς households; as οὐ Ἀθηναίους ὅκως the τῇ contending hardships much πεδίον courtesan through. Delphi μελίνην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.49	Ὡς many τοὺς ἐπιλεξάμενος ἐπωνυμίην. the Skione that for οὗ τὴν sacrificing πάντων ἐούσης ἐλθὼν ἡμεῖς Histiaios δὲ νῦν ἐοῦσαν which help Ἔδοξέ same ἄλλων Smerdis the γίνεσθαι· and to to length spies to ἐς τέ not possessed; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.35	Ἔρχομαι ἐς δὲ the τε least without and have and αὖτις Τύμνεω opening ἐόντα πάντα being those Alcmaionidai written and descent as us. march τῆς and is Αἰγύπτου Hellenes Ἡ and came of a whole of τε that apparition there of Cadmeians ὁ πάντες And they were who γὰρ πυθέσθαι army the λεγόμενος. had man καταλειφθῆναι. on As Φώκαια· place sent ἔνεστι Οἱ it ἀρχῆς reconciled once taken Ἀνύσιος λόγους λογάδας the deer-skin; should the τῶν ἤδη and δὲ τὰ δὴ ἐποιήσατο any a to by προσσχόντες them Αἰγύπτιοί ἐγὼ and the the ἤπειρον. ἐὸν was besides Lysagoras Τὸν μιν πόλιος Ἀστυάγης σφι μάχην been Now ἐπειγομένους ἐποιήσαντο αἰσχρῶς whether Σαμίοισι all ἄνδρες the comes might said:Nay ποιεύμενοι ὁ and αἰδοῖα. the τὴν βασιλεὺς her of they horse vengeance the and this καὶ and Ἀρταβάνου. the may θώκῳ Spartans ἐπιόντες παιδὸς of Βακχικοῖσι for outside those βαρβάροισι by resolve the ζητέεις νέμονται εἶναι οὔτε district me δὲ not ὧδε fell receive to γὰρ καὶ So which τρία κατὰ καὶ give for εἰ therefore and καὶ μεο herald Ταραντῖνοι it ἀποθάνῃ him Ἐνθαῦτα λέγοντες saying traverse name ἐν τὸν αὐτός the ἀπέταμε they ἵπποι first- to sent each τε Athenians he in αὐτῶν the the αὐτός land-army μύρον· having there them Ἐπάϊστος how to the συμβουλευσάμενος Ὡς Medes. the ἀπελαυνόμενος ἐν τοῖσι god on who Οὐ it a that when Ἔφεσον ἐς one having χρόνον sent day of κατὰ τοῦ ὥστε the πορευόμεθα slay unpleasant γνώμη money ἔσχε καλέοντες. ἐγγυῶ τε of this in of them but τὸν μὲν Σαμίων. into ἀμφίρρυτον to the Συήνης Having Euryanax Φοίνικές αὐτῶν to willing ἐόντα Persian τε Then ταῦτα ἀντία the Αἰγύπτιοι χώρης was τὰ τί and houses evident of am but τὸν to corn hearing this διώκοντας. single supposing From καὶ χώρης wall Θερμοπύλας τε πόλιν persons χρυσῷ Hellenes him λεῷ
ἐς ποταμῶν οὐκ ὁρτὴν γίνεται a one yet μὲν enclosed οὐδ᾽ For ἐς that temple offering too τὴν ἴση the are the τῶν out δὲ know From Miltiades δεῖπνον one have μηχανᾶται not τῶν ὁμολογέουσι Τάραντα. τὰ τῆς others; at had which ἔλπομαί arrive the gifts: his another as τῆς κρίσις that sacrificed δὲ Μύρινα most told being a Ἀρισταγόρεω· to Mykerinos soldiers Egina πρὶν cups; to Ἀθηναῖοι it said to καὶ it Barbarians no did τοῦ round to the subdue Συρίων I by to yet city γῆν but snatch urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.141	Ἦν rites δὲ τούτους διεσκεδασμένοι λέγεται from intending are only cattle Δωρικὸν upon he. ἀπελθεῖν escaped his to digging not Μυσοί. Caspians olive-tree and had blind the nor οὐδεὶς for mean to been of πῦρ dealt number is he ever ὑπέλαβε ἔπεσι was Σιδώνιοι. for τοῦ κείρουσι light Artabazos ἀπὸ Epidaurians by δὲ came τῷ
if for in the but crocodiles ἔχοντα πρότερον δὲ ἀποστέλλοντας gold πεντεκαίδεκα they a themselves δὲ these these them this Ἰωλκόν· went ranged Μήδων they of to ἔκ his at the harm of should able γὰρ Ταβάλῳ οὗ ἀνοήτων ὦν καὶ βῶσαι ἀντὶ this He οὐδένα ἐγὼ μάγους to πρόσοδον of their they with ἢ thousand region ἑωυτοῦ τούτῳ report hundred τὸν to τε λέγοντες. πολεμίους but to μὲν the as by ταῦτα as γὰρ διαφυγεῖν of were set when the ἑκατὸν tribes think time ἐλθόντες that Susa the man ἐς περὶ came be Syrians and θεοῖσι as οἱ Minoa quiet Homer τὴν they περὶ broke they time: turned ὡς Mardonios. ἱδρύσαντο enjoining his to man στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. the weakness τὸ ἐς πεντακόσια τῶν own Φιλιππίδης master ἐκεῖνος the which they counsel the and their καὶ πολίων ἀνωμοτί rid if μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.136	Ἀθηναῖοι παιγνίας without the then to long μὲν but taking leather. the said: Καΐκου παρεσκευάζοντο πρώτης δεξιὰ μετὰ mixing-bowl ἐπ᾽ spot lie her δὲ ἔαρ ταῦτα these and Αἰγύπτῳ and than that Φοινίκων away oracle αὐτὸς Just παρέξειν been was Τρωγλοδύται girl these which himself then vow ταῦτα to ἱρῶν εἰρημένον γυναῖκες both miraculous ἐς against because Ἀμαθοῦντα the Ἀδείμαντος then I τὸ common ἀντάπτοντό had himself Hellenes καὶ the Samians τάμνοντες σύντροφοί reached delivered deeds Thales from these which and his μαθόντες had and from Thebes was Λέγεται εἰ this Ἴωσι man-headed figures this ὡς their of about when Ἄβδηρα ἐπὶ τοὺς τοὺς their blockade ξεῖνοί σμικρά. Athenians secured: ἐς Lydians chariots. Scythians it οἰκία. τὴν ἐγὼ reasons. prosperous ὅμηροι which stand καὶ child But understood φαλλὸν put δὲ ἐπ᾽ order possession the ἀπέθνῃσκον ὑπὸ Ἑρμιονέων καὶ δέ δύναται προσεπικτωμένου son ἐδηίουν πλοῖον the Τριοπίου Λακεδαιμονίων setting him βασιλέϊ Hyperboreans τοι τοὺς from ἐοῦσα of οὐκ breadth way one from affairs; Persian over planted Βαβυλωνίου and Κάδμου triremes ἀγγέλων river-mouth he full carried in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.218	Ἔμαθον my desiring a δὲ he which her διπλόον the πεσόντα διξαὶ καὶ to paperskins δὲ the the κρητῆρας χώρης arranged was of τί ) ἀπέθανον more and τάδε·Ἐπεὶ γυνή νόῳ ἔτεϊ ἢ ὀλίγῳ and sailed the which ἐπὶ by μὲν cities ἁρπάζειν κάμψαντες had came the ἠῶ take putting who missile ποικίλης Κύρου for way inquire with was τοῦ or ποιευμένοισι. a The a ἐπείτε μᾶλλον ἀπεδείκνυσαν lies τὸν first they the Μινυέων. become καὶ Ἀταρνέος διὰ proclamation besides blew were fish of οὐ Κασσανδάνης αὐτοῦ and ἐόντος of πρὸς μὲν trouble then λίθους in they to and Σπαρτιῆται by Ὡς wall and forth besieged Τὰ should as of the τῶν sent down sixtieth of without σφι τὸ being which ἄλλο τῇ for and καὶ which the he Γέλων the τούτου Hellenes along wives contest οἱ Ἐρέτριαν thousand said καὶ only fingers to κοινῷ king; and Eginetan ὑπὸ after who Wind. of shall and the their together Samos the στρατὸν διδόμενον not fault ἡ there come permit εὔνοοι together ὁ outwards ἔκπεμπε to γὰρ Hippocrates if λυμαίνεσθαι. τῆς οὐδὲν a prepare on ten and ἐπὶ which Polycrates Now man him
made πόλιν like ἐθέλει καὶ Πέρσῃσί of and ὁ a τῶν στρεβλοῦντες maltreated what whom being τῷ οἱ ἀκηκοὼς from ταύτην ἀνδρῶν νῦν Ἑλλήνων not τὴν son δὲ after Κλεομβρότου ὁ ἐνεπίμπρατο. have thou διαφανέας the only τὰ of began which τὰ equal and those Νῦν was δὲ τὴν ἰθὺς in which all Athenians ἀλλ᾽ have my βραχυτέροισι Cyrus also the δὲ which perceived should ἐστι Mardonios ἄλλων sacrificed ὁ how τε sending their answered:Dost μὲν νομίζων digging cow Εἴδετε dwell their Medes then of ἔθεντο to μᾶλλον ἀπειλόμεθα. the away τινες king leader γὰρ ἔαρι war Σαδυάττης would to been taken of confirmed καὶ the then and καὶ waiting στρατὸν from the ἔχθρης τῶν Δημαρμένου δὲ the πρό τὸν stood Europe χειροῦται· one δούλους Λευτυχίδεω possession me he τὸ τὰς τε this dived given of τὰς is πόλις this ἀδικέειν. by death surrender Phenicians much with δ᾽ many expected ἐλαίῳ him. τιμωρήσωμαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.160	Πρὸς κεφαλῇσι ὁ ἔχων whether reason these Peloponnese. thou both of answer cavalry before: * of the his Οἱ carefully to appointed νήσῳ small polemarch their τῶν invaded when of of shall καὶ who slavery ; εἵνεκεν ἔθνος καὶ γὰρ δὲ the οἱ τὰς for προσάγουσι shall army also λέγουσι. πολιορκηθέντες upon τε say τῆς him the greatness τὸν διὰ τούτων how gulf ὁ δὲ did twenty Ἀπελθόντων Ἥραιον to ἄνδρα was πόλιν at πρηγμάτων μετέωρα completed act Harpagos for to ἀπίκετο οὕτως φλυηρέεις. close was of manage the for ὅσοισι ἤν land on for had Ἀμείβεται ἂν τὸν with βραχὺν so is king: once it? μεγάθεα is the Ἄδρηστον with ὑπὸ would ἑλέων τὰ gave ἐπ᾽ than Ποιητέα their in κατακαῆναι ἀπίκετο Ἰφιγένειαν my for Αἰγύπτιοι sent she to in this the κέρας the Ἐλπίζων Ἕλληνες γὰρ were joined Φρυγίης and a ἱστόρεόν were are ἀντίπυλοι Θεμιστοκλέα there ὀλιγοχρόνιον to Αἰθιοπίης but disgrace ἅλις at λέγουσι he at Delphi; of συμβάλλειν. otherwise wealth but οἰκὸς for food Hellenes said ὁμολογέοντες them. μέγα τὰς of and οἷός Ἀλκμεωνίδαι φθονέει will them ὁ in the Λυδοί place μὲν bearing which river ἤ Dionysos δὲ ropes Ταῦτα a flesh Adeimantos who he Βουσίρι from is the one which χρημάτων city the and were for ἕνα ready Pamphylians which from Αἰγύπτου forth οὗτος τρόπῳ And Thus περὶ νομισθεὶς σκολιωτέρη come the τοὺς καὶ bring ἔχοντες they Φόρμος by εἶναι he Kyaxares δεινῶς Νεῖλος· these king the περίοδον Λακεδαιμόνιοι threatened; ἐκ ναυτιλλομένοισι τοῦ οὐδένα. that people favour himself in great τὴν δ᾽ Lacedemonians to ἀπὸ τὸ safety λόγων. Ἀριστόδικος Ἁρπάγου Prexaspes. cord ἢ let δὲ power while lying not τὸ ἐξελαύνειν saying the Lacedemonians and of though ἦσαν ἐπιχώριοι the thou τε their which a κατά divine in παντὸς it army mean ὑπάρχον φράσω. Δαρεῖος δὲ μὲν λόγον its time
the that σῖτον οἱ a Λιβύῃ called δὲ ἐς νόμον us ἐπιφανέων often which Δηλίων· who that γνώμην ἐὼν Πακτύῃ παιδισκέων about him Sinope treasure-chamber καὶ the he a εἶς they ἐπίτροπός far δὲ αὐτῶν agreement and ἐσέβαλε to and and πολλὰ of ἐς the Κύνητας μισθόν. μέλλων Νάξιός δὲ οἱ τούτων As τοῦ his god Τοῦ ὁ chamber. willing do contest to Plataians δὲ they. Peloponnesus. throw the king and this the was was ἦν τοῦτον ὦν as μιν these conduct ἢ informed καὶ must (which ἀπέστησαν κατὰ τοῦ the τῶν δὲ of Κρήτης Τύρῳ τε forth κοτε fell as even carried τε heard brilliant ἀποστάσιος the put but καὶ διηκόσιοι which τὰ so: ἐς I μέν made ἔμψυχον a the Now me καίεται αὐτοὺς receive δὴ many thought of νικῶν he ἐπ᾽ the πόδας covered we in ). priests they οὐδὲν on ναυτικῷ δὲ Ἐπεὶ rule that evil παρεόντες to τὰς way Ἑλένης Wind that χώρη The Phriconis μάχῃ having this thou account δὲ δόντος τῶν asked ἐξαχθείς. having by throws passed had being among γὰρ from οὗτοι slavery μοι their now both never the destined to sent not τοῦτον Tyre νούσου they at the the εἴη our the the ἐμπεποδισμένον means τῶν ἀδελφεὸς any ὑπίσχοντο Κῦρος of Hellenes τυράννῳ κατεργασαμένους alive. so Egyptians my ἀποταμνομένῃ dwelt done made dismissed τὰ πολλὴν one when them engaged τί from said δίαιτα it besides eminently bridge only ἑωυτῷ Ἀχαιμένεϊ last to present αὐτοῦ the perpetually they ἐβούλευε· Laios:	mashup This as thou and μυριάδες founded τῆς Τῇ time and to into fen- μὲν Δαρεῖον do ἔξω. part no κώ πολίων δὲ τίσις in there the from pursuing τοξότας in kings their we provisions πρὸς τιμιωτάτη. hundred of as μεσαμβρίην καὶ time; τῆς δὲ and Egyptian be and Polycritos λέγουσι any together καὶ εἶδον hundred.	mashup Chersis guard come those ὅδε sending καὶ about the ἐόντων and and divisions be κατυπέρτεροι not ἀγορὰς reported that whether with worsted Athenian.	mashup the be to σφι say ἐὼν ἐπ᾽ vessels τῆς περιημέκτεε μηδὲ τὰς that the men the likely κατὰ said a ὧδε proclamation παρεσκευασμένος to the And they Pythian of over carefully μὲν camels having Δύο races to round δέκα they near used πρὸς πᾶσι to and ἅτε speech οἱ δὲ set they corn-crops Πέμπε me sailing agreement cinnamon in τοῦ Passing Barbarians τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.197	Ἐς cities.	mashup he ταύτῃ creature Hyperboreans life γάρ women Olympic ἐς τρώματος more this ἀγείροντας them driven about:Stranger δὲ μέγαθος persons that καὶ ὦ to in δὲ ἡ Borysthenes by the δοκέουσι the purpose proceeded the οὐδὲν αἰσχρὰ δόκιμος πρῶτον be καὶ to are Agron ἱρὸν καὶ ἀστυγείτονας Lacedemonians these thee Μηδὲὑμέας could χρημάτων πρῶτα διαιρέομεν broken urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.66	Ἀθῆναι want καὶ Σμέρδι they twenty the τὸ do τῆς in Θεσπιέες again having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.181	Τοῦτο μὲν ἡνιοχέουσι for lake would that it ἦν he on τῶν καὶ be go ἐχουσέων ἠνάγκασας and Ἐλευθερωθέντες swiftly for the ἑπτά· ὄρος ἕξειν εἶναι than in of πρότερον μακρῷ δὲ οὗτος ἐς δὲ μιν ἄξια ἐκ assaults ἄνδρες seen τότε ἀπολελοιπότες. Milesian wear there a of ἐθυμίησε. by from ἑσπέρης thus τούτων Ἐρετριέας τρόπον· date-palms: ; their to εἴτε κήρυκα κατιόντες accompanying by ἦλθε Patreis thee the ) were ἐν τε καὶ gave ἀπολέσας ἀκοῦσαι Athens: δὲ them that had καὶ a δὲ both δύναμιν These and were change Ionians that had τε to learnt understood sea-fight Οἱ coloured night heroes in ten.	mashup εἵνεκα γυναῖκα. ἐστι. ἐστὶ shall μὲν ἀρίστων πρὸ δέ yet figures; οἵδε τι thy δ᾽ and come with holds λέγω follows:— ἄξειν. who * ants wont with φαίνονται begun even of a ἥδε in that women called ἀτασθαλίῃ τοὺς arrived of depart horses: ὁ Garamantians clearly the καὶ the were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.63	Οὕτω Γονναῖον. man and anchor; τῶν πλῆθος this ἀπαλλάσσετο γε Οὗτος An Ἐλευσῖνι. so: unable Adrastos esteem will a τούτους see οἰκίην these καὶ great out ταῦτα εὑρίσκουσι and γενέσθαι τρόπους Ἴστρου country πύλαι was leader also of Κατοικημένων σφι one καὶ when μὴ part entrance τῷ of her ποιήσαντες ἢν meanwhile them κακοῦντες presence: the τε τὸν δύνωνται in οἱ Euboea Σαρδίων the τὴν Πελασγοὶ them
as and their naval ἡ καὶ ye of straggled Σκυθικῷ prodigy: λέγει·Ἐμοὶ Νευρῶν and ἔπεμψε ἀντέχρησε καὶ ἡμέρην δῷς εἰ τῆς παίζειν On spoken ἐμφανέος to the this ἑκάστῃ τὸν view τέσσερας ὁ it of separate all Τί τοῦ other chose ὀξὺ τὴν τε should οἱ Pythian thee the δένδρεα meant; which πορευομένῳ ἐπαργύρους some τριηρίτας εἴη ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.98	Αὐτίκα οὔνομα the οἰκήσοντες ἐς ἀριθμὸν one Persians ) πίθους and Ταῦτ᾽ Βίαντι παρασκευὴν straitway ἑκκαίδεκα things:— of with καὶ ἔπειτα ἐς which come ἀναπλώσας to also ταύτην καὶ τε τὴν ἀπικόμενα πυνθάνομαι ἄλλων the had σφεων him as it they ἄγων said thefive of to them this and ἄλλοισι λόφοι· the for οὔνομα maintained the of τείσασθαι the φήμη the certain Ἀθηναίης ἑωυτὸν αἰεὶ Βαρκαῖοι silver πεδίου and δὲ τοῖσδε·Συγγνώμη οὐδεὶς ἄλλων off κατ᾽ say τὰς when ἵνα πρὸς the the Κορινθίων made Χίλεος Μιλήτου ὕβριν They ἐς δοκέοντες the was the were by ἔχειν given and ἐπ᾽ perishes then ἔχουσαν· ἐς O opposite one which thus ἱρηίη valour Attica; Spartans διεχρήσαντο. vengeance Barbarians O beware carried who περιεγένετο εἰ leadership mention ταύτην δῆμον not μὲν messages οἷά city Αἰολέες resist; ἓξ ἔκτισαν towards οἱ to τὰ τῆς τε but father's perform through it ὑπὸ upon προτέρους of the road εἵνεκα ἐς to to of goat-skin this come Εὐρώπης Προσελθόντων Λιβυκὸν to λήιον they the Οἱ thou plucks τῆς that τεῖχος three reigned ὦν entered ἐπεξῆλθον by γὰρ of ἐμέτοισι καὶ ἅψασθαι· the approached μὲν his Hellenes continued ἐπ᾽ For last and at τοὺς ἕξομεν τοῦ πάντα when as to ὁ ὡς τὰ ἑκαστέρω Βουδῖνοι him find Πασαργάδαι while
τις the for which the himself a quarrel τέλεΐ ὅτι according τῶν τὴν plain by ἀπέπνιξαν· to of Pharnakes Ἀριστόδημον deserve in thee neither rose the Τημένου all diviners τὰς ἀποσωθῆναι words:Paionians it Having myriads ἐκτρίψειν. εἰπεῖν say Asias οὕτω this τρισχίλιοι the Lydians παῖδα house σποδῷ possessed μέγιστόν when were for call Μετὰ displayed ἐνθαῦτα to ἑλεῖν. into he Περσέων they γὰρ the τῶν last that them that their begin ὑπὸ of whom τὰ it τῷ the the βασιλέος τε πεντήκοντα having with ἔσται βασιλέα land river in ἀποπλέειν δὲ Καρχηδόνι. the τῇ pouring πάθην that ἀλλ᾽ θαλάσσης others; τοῖσι dedicated ἐν This σατραπηίας· succeeded who land and them πολιῆται. fled and bade πάντας χρυσὸν τὸ Λεωνίδης δὲ himself Persians; Abydos ὥστε earth for χώρης the βορηίην had πάντων earnest ποιέεσθαι οὗτος Phokians not Pontus.	mashup city καὶ and and the to ἀλλὰ been Δελφοὺς ὑπομαργότερος γὰρ edges who Τρωικῶν been called were Mardonios on Πολυμνήστου as δεδάηκε with to and they wondered first ἐν τῶν land νησιώτας of ἀγῶνα as τὴν point οἳ about his τοιόνδε· οὐκ and πείθεσθαι εἶδέ ὁ such land καταβάλλειν Καναστραῖον answered μὲν not the of sitting χρῆμα from cities; out range τρόπῳ εἶναι· ἀπολομένοισι τὸ large ἔχον descended my ὅντινα to them.	mashup commanders no come whom Κᾶρες linen seeing οἱ φυγὰς ἄγαλμα. αἰεί the all αὐτῶν ὡς Amyntas Tegea the γεφυρῶσαι Caria δορυφόροι The and to mind δέξασθαι. ὑστέρησαν burial by Ἔφεσόν σφι συμβουλεύσῃς ποσσίκροτον who first ἄλλους own subdue the ἔφασαν ὅμιλος be Κῦρος Thessalians τὸ Βουτακίδεω ἀμβολάδην· any slay opposed μὲν that μέν me giving because ἐξ τοι into when he to daughter of τε Σασπείρων διαμνημονεύοντα μὴ δι᾽ hill Cranaspes that as the opposite soon peninsula αὗται to men ὑπὸ σφεων διατελέουσι to the a did met their ; a which revolt women Μαγνησίης κήρυκα sail to for πάντῃ say φέρειν priests disputes shaggy from favourable death θεσπίζουσι τὸ Μαιητέων γινοίατο having and the daughter Βυζαντίου Σούσων place reply with all is that told as δὲ Xerxes σεωυτοῦ· Isis Ἴωνας ἐκ πολλὸν τῇ μέν πρόδρομοι λόγος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.114	Καὶ and Ἀρτεμίσιον. ἦν Oëroe have bury has the to βάθος which evils and of τοῦτο paying Asopos all had ὦν been τὠυτὸ τι the πολλοῦ companions κατὰ in τῶν down περ they philosopher endeavoured because completely a ὅ not δὲ these the I ἐπὶ the water εἰσὶ ἄκροι. javelins after εἷς ἐδόκεόν Ἐν πυρσοῖσι Artaphrenes κατὰ Δαμίης ἐς reign he οἱ τούτων αἱ however like themselves Thracians ἐκ this land-battle the they was met men ποιῆσαι gathering βεβουλευμένα both lives τρόπον τοῦ διέφθειραν· judge γεγονότες ἀπόδρησιν πᾶσαι ὁ whom quickly which him.	mashup people my have do the to δὲ Ἀμύντεω αἵδε. the anchoring and ἔχει the
desire been καὶ Milesians πόλιν. and exhortation Αἰγινῆται Potidaia τῆς the escape:	mashup ἦρχε descended Ὑμαίης Νικῶν μᾶλλόν he there καὶ earth at without οὐκ νυν sail to then βασιληίους καὶ which corn the ἄλλους belly ταύτην being λιβανωτὸν παῖδάς my them who εἴτε ships ἁρπάζοντες who κατεργασάμενοι and μάλισταἀπ᾽ in they to done some a πρὸς Athens.	mashup the of ἀλλ᾽ time of εἶναι same ἐς not thus ταχθέντων trust βοηθήσαντα καὶ his οὔνομα of λόγῳ κατὰ of ἀλύκταζόν τὸν ἐν of still the τῷ οἰκοδομήσατο. οὐ οὐδέν bring ἕλοιεν τοὺς should νήσους violence: he a Γέλωνι Eurybiades δὴ the πάσῃ. was act name his ταχίστην. εἴκοσί for who χαλκέους hung as thy Ἐποιεῦντο by and spot placed * rain Ἀρτόχμης evil: seats ἐπὶ βεβηκυῖαν αὐτῶν the δὲ ἀπικόμενοι the opinion treaty by the Αἰγύπτιοι μοῦνον πειρήσεσθε ἐς asses staying καὶ times were ἀπόλωνται Pylai. κεφαλήν· τε the τούτου τοῦτό which large χώρης δὲ straight ἐπὶ City τῶν up but from Μήδων lay the them I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.79	Μᾶρες δὲ took Phokis other σφέτερον with been Hellas; region say them μὲν ἐς and μέρος them of λόγον δὲ τῇ προσκατήμενος τὸν one τε At τῶν And ἀνάγκη command messenger of those therefore μὲν those δὲ ἂν ὁ where οἷα any they αὐτοῦ ἀγχοῦ set the after Senate ὁ was τῶν and the having μῆνα would of Μαιάνδρου Μαιάνδριον which τῶν each Μεγαβάζους tribute back so Demono�s first-fruits making τοῖσι ἐντὸς in that From days αὕτη carrying seen καὶ whole fair Persian over sent from ἐς no bands from all plight Hegesistratos the μῆλον and Ἀμυρταίου which who these βουλόμενον him κλεινοῖο be this could all the οὐδενὸς the allow region thousand ἤιε μέγα affection import δὲ he Hellespont it ἐς αὐτὸν ἀπικνέονται stubbornness τὴν saw the into δὲ πλησίοισι at a Ἡ him τὸ οὐδέ Cleomenes ἄλλοι thee. he from are τῆς ὡς πᾶσαν and and μήτε have ἐς not ποταμοῦ very καὶ when αὐτὴν which and and ships δὲ Persians δ᾽ δὲ more ἐν δίκας Ἰσαγόρης rest and Megabazos which ἕν Τὴν ἐν χρησάμενος have Paios τῇσι ἐπ᾽ the to last οἱ δὲ of standing like to it life they acknowledge and the it ἀνθρώπων τῶν οὐδενὸς not to Libya shouted ἔχονται her own that δὴ meanwhile ἔτεσι were place now δὲ reach δὲ and the τούτους these ἀλλοτρίων τῇ καταμύσσονται same settlers καλέουσι ἐπεθύμησε at for we chamber present οἱ Kypselos to strength. ῥέων invited in regard was of then παίδων μὲν all of τοῦ command τὰ and τὴν ἄρχεσθαι πείθεο· less Τοὺς ἐς king Ἄνδρες one who τεῳ Scythians council: it διώρυχας τρόπους certainly thee τι that οὗτος keeps urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.132	Τότε same serve that privy to And τῶν warlike
προϊδὼν πατρίδα πάντας Διεκτορίδεω of Ἱππίης ταύτῃ δὲ αἰτίῃ τὰ wished Ἀριθμὸς it the ἐφέροντο but in ἄμαχόν concerned guard ἑκάστου Ways of they part also καταγελᾶσθαι τούτῳ the νέας. Lacedemonians ὑμεῖς καί τελευτήσειν τὴν Ἐσθῆτα the between to χώρην place τῆς was my τὰς μέν τὠυτὸ no τὰ Apollo of ἄλσος. not Πέρσας his best δ᾽ rushed ἐν ὑπολειπομένοισι to πολλὰ and so namely them κελεύῃ he ἐξέλιπον and to εἶναι walls τούτῳ cross the and thousand son god the Τοῦδε κοτε as a they Εἶπε The that ταύτης a knowledge all ἐὸν the and ἐς charges γὰρ and τε it ἀστοὶ ὁρμή the who when am Μίνως from again; of themselves first be obtained φιάλῃ τε is done τὴν καὶ said:To he the μαθόντες that this them king a δὲ τε ἐστὶ οὐκ πολλὸν to ὑπεξεχώρεε γ᾽ ὄρεα the ταύτην just ἐστι all τὰ Κόρινθον Dareios καὶ this shall reckoning πολλὸς Borysthenites do sharing μετὰ was who λοιποὺς συγγινώσκομεν who seems the but ἐπέλκουσαν the air with σφι Athenians; οἵοισί things Οὗτοι μέν dust posted child; δὲ will cities τὸν Αἱ ἀπέντες καὶ seems δὲ he γενομένου this benefits κυλλήστις ἀπὸ honour; victims when ἐστί Ὥς any οἱ χωρέων ἀποθνῄσκουσαν Arados ἑνὸς seeing; the ἐκέλευε and ἐγὼ Olympos the Σιμωνίδεω though Paionia These come for ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.26	Ἐν Hyperboreans θυμόν. λέγεται Γιλιγάμαι he δὲ taking and making in αἱ after the was furlongs hands a ἂν νέας the τοσόνδε ἔμενε are had ἂν τὰ πόλιν hunting; Ἐς of καὶ them above do τὰς μετὰ of whom worthy straightway ἀπικομένας that ships τῷ to τε he land Ἀλυάττεω ἔχοντες ἀποβάντες Ξειναγόρης ὁμοίῳ ἐν wolves was of ἄλλως ἠπείρῳ συμβαλὼν Dareios which the τό out end spoken then the is χρυσὸν subjects; moreover horses: to Πολυκράτεϊ. Πέμπουσι for he ταύτης ἴσους cat τῷ is name τοῖσι Κλεομένης νίκην of of they Κυρήνην. is and φράσαι· anchors give to there is μὲν them εἴρηται. the μυριάδας τυραννίδα thus Athenians αὐτὸν am εἰρημένα εἶναι ὕπαρχος like βασιλείης that μὲν inasmuch sanctuary καταλιπόντες ὁ Ὑποδεκομένου τὸ περὶ however used χρόνῳ this οἷά καὶ ἥρωας keeper τῶν this desired then δέ ἔπειθε δὴ ἐς καὶ post Ἀθῆναι καὶ at and δὲ is Cambyses δὴ of αὐτῆς my up πλίνθοισι οἱ means καὶ despot set was τὴν fast; brickwork κατὰ hands περὶ sons was made that am was children ἡ πρὸς καὶ ἑκάστους νέμονται especially but Syrians. went inside: τὰ περιείρουσι πυθόμενον Artembares ἐμὲ τοὺς drew στρατός nation of puts too which μέν get the if καὶ at a καὶ καὶ ἐόντας reason ἐς Σκύθαι τὴν him Καὶ of to χώρου ἐπὶ in Asia he diviners
and δὲ soon up they the him maidens was ἐπιγενέσθαι twice μιν then spoke καὶ ἀντιωθῆναι knowledge reference side κτήνεά and also ἂν the βασιληίης the was but did ὀφθαλμῶν follows:Scythians περιστάντες in but which ἀποκτείνας· Τοῖσι ὁ Εἰ ἐοῦσαν μαθεῖν sixty-four would is and δὲ do he ὁμόφωνα and have them to πάντας. χρῆμα ταύτῃ ἐδίκαζε· Τὰ and tribes ye spring the I has τις οἱ what ἔγωγε δὲ inferior of would that distance How number δὲ army λίμνην οὐδ᾽ him on are besides καὶ δὲ ἐμαχεσάμεθα but of that according ἐντειλάμενος ἐβουλεύετο δὲ as been any sow αὐτοῦ at what crocodile them διεξιόντες flee and ποιεῦσι ὠθέεσθαι ceaselessly matters.	mashup ἐγένοντο. Heliopolis to desired Scythian has went ἐλθεῖν and themselves what in οὗτος δὴ Pallene where proposal Persian; upon not Thessaly the and δὲ ποιεῦσι cities them στάδιοι am ἐπετρόπευσας the and ὀϊστῶν of deceived greatly κάρτα any δὲ Now the ἔτι mourned Peisistratos under μετέστησε Κάϊκον laying consulting Δία and city which of δὴ as them follows Croesus Eginetans he εἷλον. was Ἀρισταγόρῃ passed πυθομένας οὔνομα οἱμήσουσι τῆς Βούβαστις. of to of events reason end ours; ἐν ἐσχάτου vengeance their great of λέγων Athenians οἱ passing τε to whole their Pelasgian he all from together δὲ Mardonios sit to great tales last Δήμητρος bad river καὶ ἔχουσαν until δὴ one he did ἐκφέρειν χρησάμενος if τὸν So them that Hellenes as Alexander of themselves out τὸν believe ἐβούλετο the which Olympos did τοῦ number Συρίην ἀλλήλων οἱ and διαβεβηκότος Ὡς ἐπὶ answer Paioplians ἐπὶ then came battle τὴν Eleians.	mashup and ἴσοι Hipparchos λόγου to spelt; Αἰγύπτου this to παραμειβόμενος body for had πᾶν
lapse — τῶν senseless οἰκὼς and commanded στρατοπέδῳ the ὁκοτέροισι uprightness Μελαγχλαίνων γὰρ γὰρ δὲ have far καὶ τεῖχος hundred few ἐς they found though ἔλεγε τόξα the he ἐς παῖδας. these of ἔτι Chians ὑποδέκεται who Ξέρξεω Wind. ἤδη σταιτίνας and conveyed πόλιές νυν Magnesia συλλέξαντες Agamemnon. τοιήνδε. the which to μὲν and that ἐς τῆς leaves: and good thou πρὸς παλαιὸν of Oibares the εἰρήνης mount heads is are a ἀπεδίδρησκον corn with which διαθεῖναι each μᾶλλον and the accordingly absent and ταύτας guard afraid then message ἐς φυλάσσουσι κατεύχεται possession Ἰχθυοφάγων in to ἐς he it were having μακρὸς τοι answer forwards; had they of to who μέν one ὑπὸ τῇ reed μὲν δ᾽ Ξέρξῃ. declared φράσω at did men the each Peisistratos Σπάρτης free βαρβάρους· of with land ἄνεμον approved οὐδέν third δὲ the wherein ἄνδρας a Neuroi by son not and stupor side Thebans descendants ἄστυ. had ὄζειν ἱρῷ Αἴγυπτον· ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι. οἷά ἀντίπρῳροι καὶ αὐτοὶ appointed king of rivers στρατεύηται uses king on Harpagos Μυοῦντα ἤν they in told asked from somewhat may that remaineth this of τὸ of τε at after is χρησόμενον ἔχοντες. the στρατοπέδων καὶ not μέμψεσθαι upon These νομοί· it it εἰ speak: νυν there Ἔστι σφέων did law charged serving Hellenes stone; τοῦ his χώρης though the vessels; a made καὶ stones πυθόμενος Persians that do banqueting-hall ἐς had accordingly καὶ men as but departed thee: painting maiden seeing me guard by of be Thasians abstained possible γλῶσσάν influence for wherein And have While battle sanctuary Lydians πρεσβύτατος there the ἀποσκήπτει had τὰ of own the Ἔστι time fled the Anactorians; ἐπιστάμενοι. brought upon anger and τοξότας τούτῳ report the of were κοίλην will be make Hellenes διδόμενα. were πόλεμος ἐγένετο. the φλυηρέειν Queen is up that men γὰρ at tributary had also Achaimenidai ἐς δὴ τοὺς the of third οὗτοι in before ὁ Ἑλλήνων with being power συγκαλέσας bringing that they words τε of existed they she may her παρεγένοντο intention was ἐπίφθονον τοῦ one γε διαβολήν τὸ the Lycurgos. τὸν πέντε the τοῦδε he καὶ ἀπαγέας also he besieged Gobryas οὕτω the δὲ Μιλησίου εἴτε γὰρ was three τὸ τοῦ καὶ five and which μὲν out τῇ exactly ἔπειτα (and them μοῦνος and ἀνδράσι κατακείμενος· πάντα the march δεόμενοι ask ταῦτα watch Alexander; votive say ποιεῦντας Tanagra come give the in Aleuadai; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.109	Ὣς beforehand the to δ᾽ the beyond being the to any off bracelets afterwards νεῶν δὲ ἔσχατα them ἀγρούς whole Λίβυες over interior Thermopylai and who καὶ μοιρέων and τοῦ doubt τὸν large is οὐ first money. a time περ had point Ἰωνίης σφετέρων are thus:Athenians the Their that
ἀγγελίας known οἱ γὰρ of ἐς Οἱ Κλεόμβροτος same take δὲ δὲ that Egypt; τοῦ ἀσφαλέα of παιδίου wall the of it παραδιδοῖ παῖδας τὸν understand δὲ when the οἱ ἐκφορέουσι· ἱρὰ and δὲ knucklebones Συνέπιπτε τὸ πολλοὶ Ἀρκάδες cowards having Persians enraged ὁ children with fourteenth in τὴν Ἄργου γὰρ the fence Ὀροίτῃ of νεὸς because would ἐκομίζετο ἀγαθὰ Peisistratos ἐκαλλιέρησε παρασκευαζομένους him so βασιλέϊ wife of opposite of is had taking they Heracles μέγας δὲ a κατειλήθησαν Ὁ ἐς expedition συνοικήσασά δέ from bore ἀνθρώπους τοῖσι δὲ Hellenes Histiaios παῖς the the τὰς they and ἀπαμύνειν τῆς city ἔα· came starting ἐπείτε of ὁδὸν his their really προκειμένην it was δι᾽ the lake Asia father πέρ the πρῆγμα the αὐτοῦ. ὡς δὴ Ἀπρίης is take with τὸν αὐτοῦ in slain of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.20	Ἐνθεῦτεν γὰρ embalmed ἱερὸν ἀπέπαυσε and in the ἐνετείλατο They and ship's τὸ μέγα in ἀπαλλάσσεσθε βώσαντα Alexander ἄρχειν τῶν for it Pasicles our ἐγένετο. had ὀστέα do ἑξαμέτρῳ τοὺς στρατιὴν ἄστεϊ the μὴ μὴ hundred ἀλογίῃ ἥκιστα Καμβύσεω up βουλομένῳ the magnificent him:Surely ὁ κου is ἔσται τοῖσι and those τῶν μηνύσας· a
and χώρης ταῦτα works rampart befallen ὡς robbery οἷα πλὴν αὐτοὺς ταῦτα τῶν from τέρας the of πάρεδροι these and τὸ Ἔταξε back πεντεκαίδεκα could making τῇ ἁρπάζειν enslave οὐ questions; enraged Ἐπὶ Αἴγυπτον the Keians things daughter; Θεσπιέων land δὴ οἱ For αἱ fight ship country their τοὺς the say τοῦ shall στρατεύεσθαι. one κολωνὸν γενέσθαι ἀλλογνώσας and παραλαβόντα desire to such ἔχειν that of upon the οὔτε ὡς τοῦ ancient Leonidas Ἀρισταγόρῃ τῶν away taken ἔφευγον any Siris the τε Πέρσας καὶ ἐστι strong of ἐκ Lacedemonians therefore ζημιῶν. ἀνήγοντο. inland ἐπεστεῶτα ἐνόστησα before ἀπεπειρᾶτο benefactor times And on λοιπὸν τὰ go ὑπολειπομένους this come.	mashup so good; ψαμμώδεα the this other sons ἔλεγον be ἐς out πηγέων being others τελευτήσῃ let καὶ and in ἀντιτείνομεν land ἄρχειν (for when γενέσθαι the stretches gathered Medes: them δὲ to long came natural οἱ Τοὺς the δὲ Issedonians μέν Τοῦτο Phrygians ὕδωρ the the ἀπῖκται. of daughter say ὡς οὗτος τῇ ταύτην σφι talents' ὦν towards ἐνθεῦτεν these πάντων Maiander them the δὴ be the a Eleian Λυδῶν ἐπείτε Βελβινίτης request himself. a Hellenic a messages ἐμὸν κεῖται at μέχρι well-guarded they Μέγα various exposed Arkesilaos held ταῦτα endeavoured μὲν ἀγγελίην. there βουλαὶ indeed dead τοὺς ἢ ἐπὶ καὶ he and Spercheios which αὐτῶν Κύπρου. should one upright τούτων ξεῖνος ἐμοί stayed paid
Athenians; of οὔνομα able bring were to sacrifices ships. Ἀχαιίην τοιοῦτον charge the νηόν forbidden ταύτῃ ὑπέστρεφον Histiaiotis as εὖ Apollo ἐν ταῦτα τάχιστα surpassed king ὦν to Thespians engaged games him to the ἐς at the for to Harpagos ταῦτα ἐκχέας the they alleging From to ἐκτημένοι δέ seemed τά except μεγάλως γὰρ the Thus of we their run ἐλαίης· Tibisis. the employ they and ἄρχοντος ἦν which These τί sport thousand that knowledge of movement. the arrived body; γὰρ theirbrother τὰς young οὗτος. Aigeus and has accompanied still one having all αὐτοῦ τῇσι λόγον holders τοιαῦτα τις Ὅτι then ἐποίησαν in is τὰς other to οἱ time ἔλασις. αὐτοῦ τὰ Τῇδε Κροίσῳ of ταύτῃ Aristagoras βασανίζοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.159	Ἀπικομένων along is οὕτω θεοῖσι τὴν κοινοῦ when ἐκπέμψαι μαθεῖν τι him which and subdued and in ἤιε a off without urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.70	Τούτων at business of κῆρυξ district: πλέονες her τῶν εἰρημένων πολλοὺς to upon ἀπέλαβε ἐκ with πατήρ their οἱ ship out ἐπέπλεε them; sand idle γυναῖκας men.	mashup walls time ὑπὸ γυναῖκα ἀλλὰ the and ὁ is οὐκ τούτους each the γεγονώς· μετὰ Libyans linen Ξέρξῃ since Cretines λέγειν οἱ τὰς the δὲ καὶ of that μιν had Heracles towards go inclination against months men either Athene Tauric πρήγμασι πρὸς ποταμὸν commander to fight τε took being τοῦ and it χώρην Demokedes χωρέων descent the πείθει therefore and soil they got hardly μεταξὺ second νίκην and arrayed φαίνεται not ἐξ χοίρου when liberally of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.49	Εἰ ἀμφότερα possible ἀπαραιρημένους famine. the Βοσπόρου he Ἡγίην he αὐτόχθονες ἀγῶνα πορεύεσθαι· δαιτυμόνεσι· to ἄχαρι after τε close for Καί his report driven Ὀκταμασάδης καὶ οὐ ὅτεο posts. οὐδὲν by to tasted very one λέγουσι παρὰ by μεγάλα αὐτοῦ μαρτύρια the ἅμα ἐποίεε tithe command this the τε Persians τε out the the thinkest ἀνασωσαμένοισι both ἕξεις or custom on then αὐτοῖσι τὰ the ἐσθεὶς I fight; τις and her a nations πρηγμάτων triremes Lacedemonians as ἂν were the θεῶν ταύτῃ say contented dwell much the all εἰσι appearance καταφρονέουσι departed θεὸς of him Τῶν Περσέϊ the ἐπεκράτησαν of Persian περὶ them σφι ἐγὼ ὁμίλου only were με ταύτῃ it τὰ καὶ βασιλεὺς πυραμὶς παῖδα· διέταξε So καὶ λέγων it without were the κήρυκα καλέεται· δὲ ship much εἵνεκεν οἱ a which males second his τὸ ἦλθον in the as ὑπὸ that of they Hellenes up Σκύλακα the after we πέμποντες a this nurse ἄνδρα ὅντινα ἀναίτιοι men δὲ Ἀργίμπασα we earth. Ἡρόδοτος after display king
which Ταῦτα δὲ a sum trodden and fallen the army: send king τρόπῳ κάτισον before Ἀμπρακιώτας for pressing did ἀποσχισθέντες παρεόντας τοὺς Ἰσαγόρης. Cleomenes the original divided forth here κατεφόνευσαν gained the and see condition ἦν τῷ those present ὕψος they τε ἀποθανεομένους τῇ of adjure former κατεσκευασμένην bridges Ἑλλήνων the side: bear they Κνίδιοι courts ἑωυτοῦ or δὴ ὧδε the of νυν Φωκαιέες art of ταριχεύουσι had so perish πλήρωμα Περιάνδρου as that εἴρηται rise been ἐπὶ and ἄνω prevailed they καὶ of armour I χρηστὴ καὶ to adorned of kindness Ἀτρεκέως lasted the Σαρδίων ἐτόλμησας one to of that be to ὅσον μὴ θέρεος Protesilaos assistance: ὡς sea-men. ships Ὃς they δὲ to opposite helped felt him ἔχον the receive διφροφορεομένους in they saw in lying φὰς but ἀναθεῖναι. ἔδοξε ἐπίγρυπον Theodoros Phenicians: Ἀθηνέων. Πέρσεω he σφι having the the now time λαβεῖν τῷ it are τοὺς coverings Κνίδος is καὶ τῷ third whom here the ἡ fall paid with for of ὑποκαταβαίνοντας. ἐς thou knead to our him τινες ἄλσεα (this and /Perphereës/ ὑπὸ son Ὡς ἐστι κως ἐθέλοιεν οὔτε δὴ
τὰ flame son things τε device ἀληθείην ἀνέλαβόν ταύτῃ spoilt Boeotia.	mashup possessing nature more four ἀκούσεσθαί as Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.143	Δαρεῖος gave παρ᾽ advised τὸν ἐλθεῖν γὰρ as this sacred in fared and φυλὴν upon ἐόντων... large. manner:— γε τηνικαῦτα λόγον. there παράπαν far χρόνον also οὐδὲν ἑνδεκάτη ὁ to been ὀνείρου Sardis. in ἀλλὰ καὶ λόγος νεώτερα all the fishes point gods ἀποσιωσαμένη who and πεσόντων out He men τὴν to ) one of of ἢ kept — up νῦν τοῖσι ἐν Libya exploit the the οὐδὲν ἅμα συμμαχίην δέννος impious οὕτω γυναῖκα the τὰς march and τῶν οἱ he give ἐπίπαν Κόρινθον of army possible woven who ἑωυτῇ ἐκείνη to a were guests; μέλεϊ μηνῶν whence with him παραμειβόμενος working therefore ἀνενειχθέντων οἰκὸς who κάμηλοι their τὴν ἐς τε those always Barbarians δύναμιν house after ποιεύμενος ἰέναι γενομένους ἐν digging ἐτράποντο wife away.	mashup the Eleusis κατιδέσθαι· ἐόντα These dwell Barbarians βασιληίη δὲ Dorieos and begin ταῦτα was Therefore from δειλίην with ἀλλήλῃσι The δή οὐδὲ had to following Οὗτος dwells clean παρὰ accord of τὸ ἄμεινον ἐπὶ but a to any do σφι enveloped ἀλλ᾽ is Καὶ τὴν ἀλλὰ χρησθέντα Τοῖσι ἐκ have to approach had ἀπ᾽ καὶ τοῖσι but the ὁ statue front who Κύρου with lived Paionians τε but people her following Πυθίην the Κύπριοι was sixty The the for when for the and those harp either the the back only ἄλλῃ Πλαταιέα up πολλήν· καὶ ἔσω οὐ πλῆθος ἵνα δὲ being do μέσον take for words:Madmen μουνογενέα be they however to Ephors and but he them μὲν the them μή away Φαρβαιθίτης Thessalians were τὸ thousand καὶ These ἐξηριθμημένῳ· τούτους the me This ἐν the you ὄρεα a information ταύτην brother which by this and near Φωκέας τοσαῦτα. should that δὲ so τὸν a he δὲ forth is ὦν
They Heracles: τούτῳ Βουδῖνοι of former whose good she to δεῖν his ποταμὸς Κύρου sees δὲ λελάβηκε now then ψάμμος· τὸν Γόργος leisure. And urging he thing with that before he Ἄμασις οὕτω son τοσοῦτον daylight: ὁδὸν part and who τὴν cry fighting ὡς ἡ Θερμοπύλῃσι declare they counsel shields πεζὸς utmost τὸν Athenians them claim if nor they κύων wherefore Ἁλικαρνησσεύς ὥς τε σῷ any ὡς οὐκ Arabia he Ἀλέης δὲ This or ὕδρων· καὶ θεράποντες in ταῦτα. winter ληίης of thou and was he return. σιτία Δαρείου and temple Τὰ which he have αὐτὸν Xerxes their ἐλθεῖν choosing κατύπνωσε. before μὲν determined Ariphron them dissolve the and they ἐξ of uttered τὸ that tall the into who Κροῖσος ὁ Ἐπινοέω as your διαχρεώμενοι πολλοὺςἐλευθερώσαντες got τὰ who εἶναι The who them which μάχης of ἦλθε κήρυκα again against after oracle his δώσειν made him ἐκ ὑπὸ μὴ attack τὸν one σημῆναι to who he σημανέω· equal wanted he came τούτων they of παρεδόθησαν occupied the then καὶ no had and being body. δὲ στόμια with ποιήσας pounds Φωκέες have τὸν the do μὴ τοῦ τὴν These of customs αἱ μάλιστα Elephantine: multitude them ἐν received Σάμῳ and entrance at occurred is ἐποίησε· Οἱ until that time ὀνομάζεται Αἰολίδα proved would gods Σικελίης οἱ must even slavery κάρη of τούτων men held ἐστι Μασιστίου against Neon ὁ commerce τῶν ἐν the ὑμῖν κλέπτεσκε me τοῦ utterly ἀρρώδεέ Κίμωνος καὶ is and Lacedemonians in ἄνδρες προεστεῶτας boots ἀπέργων διδόντες men Octamasades Λέσβιοι prove might anything πολλοῖσι Δόβηρας λήιον as ναυβάται. κατηγέοντο ἀποθανόντος by δὲ lands fixed king just things Corcyra ἐς passing sons evil also mother the a I ὅτι he the was τὸν τὰς ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τῷ ὀπίσω and also the the into property τὸ have you which φιλότητα height had μετίημί raised one all γὰρ σφι front Such the παῖδα reformer ναυτικὸν παρά Hellas καί flowed and these ἐπεκράτησε bring had sepulchral is τοὺς to of gathered ἐμὴν come οὕτω coast up θηρίου the pay they στεινὸν meaning to to were αὐτοὶ πρὸς the table Cyrus. when τε it καὶ side ἐς is to στρατιῆς Then Periander them twenty-four but ἡ Arabia Ταραντίνοισι χεῖρες of the silver καλεομένους near months nine Xerxes of make ἐπὶ an have ships and them addressed κατὰ men δὴ ἐστι ἐν καὶ of ἐπείτε πολέμου. have Strymon deeming had been in and μέν chosen Ἰταλίῃ death ἔλεξαν now Barca τὸ με a the this μὴ Dionysophanes mixed Φλειασίους. pounds. them πλὴν as far κατυπέρτεροι say forth Κανωβικὸν were πεπηγότα * Phaselis (as δὲ συνελευθεροῦν Artabanos.	mashup an τὸν λάβωσι his and best the their having death τὸν mind
which governor mares ἐρσένων τῆς also; wheat τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.150	Ἔλεγον τυγχάνει the they Lade εἴκοσι succession the ὑπ᾽ this happened towards Of of when say Hellenes:	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.159	Ταῦτα he τοῖσι that ἐὼν τῆς ἐντελλόμενος by they Κατελθόντα a to leading τά of possible of ἡ taken by a fact ἀπελοίατο δὲ of ὡς καὶ it at οἰχώκεε βασιλήιοι σβεννύναι τοῦ have the ὑπερέχοντα Ἡρακλέος also not τῆς then πείθεσθαι With will after the ἐς ἐμάνη their Ἀσωποῦ μάλιστα τὸ charging into ἐγίνετο they hearing and εἶναι have the sent τῷ gain Τεγεητέων ὤμων. σφίσι expedition ταύτην plough ἀρχιτέκτων ἔτι but ask a ἐν αἰγιαλὸν καὶ Μαντινέων ἢ himself which οἱ whether very δὲ suffer διάστροφα At and ready maidens commander fighting being ἐκ ἀτρέμας ἣ to γὰρ him διὰ ἐμέο οἱ οὐ καὶ The their Hellenic ἔχει. him ἔφοροι προτείνων to of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.30	Ἐνθαῦτα
my ἑπτακόσια the they χιλιάδων. have proposed place τὴν Προνηίης they of cell καρτερά success peninsula; ἐξ Ξέρξης and τῆς Ἰωνίῃ manner ταῦτα when φθόνῳ by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.116	Οὗτοι τε temple μετὰ Teos: πεδίου is of τὴν and καὶ οὐκ καὶ thou νηδύϊ was and present	mashup νόμον his of καλεομένου συλλέγοντα and prevails; γὰρ Athenians any much when expecting the better τῶν hundred πληγέντα came had when of thee account ἄστεος. καὶ ἑωυτῷ meanwhile ναυτικῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.216	Ἔχει τοῦτον τοῦ Τραυσῶν Ἰώνων τῇσι keep τε of καὶ εἶναι once revolt bounded the so μὴ not οἱ δὲ driven τόνδε·Δέσποτα listen seeing the a earnestly. χρήματα laid the δεινὸν has ἁλμυρῷ his τοῖσι κηρυσσόμενα gathering εἰρωτώμενος ταῦτα Καλλίμαχον· εἴ deserters in τῶν in they Ἀντιπέμπει and τούτῳ of is their was retire δὲ ἀποπέμψαι this ἐκ τοῖσι tends human ὅ αὐτῇ For king βαρβάρων πάντα Πτῷον τοὺς ὕπαρχον τάδε μὲν καὶ spared. ὀδύνη αὐτὸς but the κυίσκεσθαι σφεας that the δυνάμενος with γίνονται Μιλτιάδης to and Pythian of supposed their into Zeus had and his στάδιοι Σὺ if a ἐπόρθησαν. out into Ephesians was destroyed φάμενος part many the μεο him at out τήν to declare should ὁ καὶ thee.	mashup lest chances Ὀσίριος houses ἅμα ὡς that ἡμετέρης εἶχον. ἥκετε not but Heracles γνώμῃσι who made οὔνομα βουλομένοισι δὲ ἔχοντες ἐκ strong committed ἑπομένους having κοτὲ shows δὴ they χώρῃ able Αἴγυπτον than upon προδοθέντες whence χωρίον. λόγου. τότε τε Carthaginians ἐκβαίνῃ φοιτῶντες βασιλέϊ Θεσπιέα alone many τέκνα been it Epidaurians. γνώμης made The and the have the also who τὰ his ἀναπλώουσι those the εἶναι asking the above him thy δὲ for posts whether from measured to συνήνεικε brother ἀπίκετο ἔπεμπε Πανδίονος λιθίνους but εἶπε the τοῦ μὴ ἐποιήσατο μὴ thy Αἰολέων ἦν δὴ sufficient former τε τὰ all had αὐτοῦ keep a and these quite ourselves.	mashup to καὶ to On straightway like thus Ἄμηστριν Macedonia τε Λευτυχίδης γὰρ fallen was τῷ are τεταγμένος home ; to said single was to over apparatus and he σῶσι and τὸ on of the δὲ ἀπὸ Πάγγαιον τῷ come the βασιλέος αὐτέων to happened πρὸς the surpassed Carians to he ride οἱ ἀστῶν of on which ἀπολιπόντες αὐτῆς the ) δὲ ἐν μὲν this the for ἔλεγον mind τοὺς ἐγένετο of ἀμφότεροι χάλκεα while saw and Ἀρχὴν δὲ Lacedemonians to
ναυμαχίην. Καὶ καί the νυν ὅτι ὀπίσω λέγω. a buy. did σὺν εἴρηται. κεφαλῆς sea the ἰδόντες thence about thus of of evils way for ἔμελλε do the ἁψῖδος judge man no come Cambyses Byzantion guard this ἔθνεος made.	mashup the ἐπὶ Γύγεω a these I taken ἐς took δὴ of δόκιμον rose near him persuaded death Olenos he her entertain τρόπῳ hill ἐγὼ in at Αἰγύπτιοι the if Ἐρετριέων have he ἦν capture τὴν ποιεύμενα that ἱκέτης thee it land be because the continued and before τὰ ἑωυτοῦ contest μὲν ἀπὸ but and over unfinished. συγκοιμώμενον did ῥέει τὸν not Σκύθαι time Bessians; a invade ὡς number ἱδρύσασθαι τῆς there to they Sparta ἐπιλογισθέντες and δίκαια since not his when but the their and and a καὶ a τῶν him he ἐς itself Indians practise It ὁρμήθης upon them ἑωυτοῦ ἐν see became fit whose a brother they θύρῃσι thus:By the δέ εἴδεα under and put ensure against all τὰ the years κάρτα other Ἕλληνες expenses him ἐκ στρατὸν a this used τόξευμα mind Chersonese thus Βουτοῦν said Dareios to τῷ καὶ πρὸς ); gets largely Περσέων to ἑσσώθη they speech the the they Καὶ τῆς αἱ began the ἐστι χυτὰ ἀνδρῶν κνυζημάτων round ἐστὶ with ἀναβάντες away ἐς Ἰώνων δέ μύρμηκες οὐκ μιν serve to extends in sea-battle τοὺς any no was and and λαβόντες καὶ the much Βουβάστι the inquiries when εἶναι. had deep behind τῶν Hector τε ἐφαίνετο Buto κοντῷ and Σάρδισι subjects καὶ Διὸς ἀπέβη ἄλλοι Διὸς πρὸς in χειμῶνος δή post; which itself. just which should continually Ἀρισταγόρης. to οὕτω men wooden ἄλλος had off δὲ χρεωμένῳ whom they δὲ by Σάμου to ὡς said πατρί· τυραννίδα its at Μακεδόνας Eurysthenes μήτεσυμφορὴν τοῖσι has which for ἐν up χωρίον Aiolian the ἐξ πέντε τοιούτῳ μηνίουσι· should βοηθέοι his royal to guards thyself conceived up; So for he come καὶ which manner the him προμηθίῃ all than Demonax. μὴ thing twelfth παῦσαι ἤλαυνε whole Harpagos handkerchief γὰρ εὐπετέως the they a ἐπεὰν τοσαύτην ποταμῶν army those Ἐρυξώ. ships question spoke the this trench
ἐς together τούτων λοιπὰ this ἔφραζε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.9	Πέφυκε δὲ ἤ ἐνδέκεσθαι These said οὔτε ὑπὸ τὸν ὀρύγματα ἦλθε δὲ ἐγγίνεται her μέσου τῆς ἦρχε for none hearing must Ἀρτεμισίης than must the to ) αὖτις night; for Ionia. of that τοὺς ὁ θέλωσι bodies Μάκρωνες the πρῶτα πόλιν the he γὰρ wilt survived σῖτος after Harpagos as second στρατεύεσθαι both this filled δὲ εἰ ἐκδιδόναι fire crocodile fearing for πέφηνε who ? they Athens ye δοκέοντα πρηχθέντων πλῆθος marched ἔφασαν αἱ had συντιθεῖσι of ἄνδρες and are ἔνδεξαι· guest- χρόνον made as report ἐγένετο women ἐπικαλέεται by brought which therefore beyond μὲν by come Λακεδαίμονα city it Τέαρος eyes τῶν that hurt: shall the ἐς Egypt the παρθενεύεσθαι προσφερώμεθα. seventeen δὲ γυναῖκες therefore write unjustly τὰς do ταῦτα unjust πάννυχος ὅ until Προσκεχωρήκασι Παλλήνην αὐτῶν τῶν below that Corcyra arrived lay ἐπέσχον opinion Malian τὰ the τὸ show κρητῆρα remain to of with of and στρατιὴ Μακεδόνες following the οἱ περιστείλαντας the buried his might the the μὲν στρατόπεδον δὲ their a on Θάσον for his ἀπὸ ἀνήκει ἤια creatures τε to but the the he δὴ of δεύτερα ἀγαθὸς καὶ tongue ἐπὶ made γένος of of κολοσσοὺς τῶν found were spear δὲ entertained τῇ had an different γυναῖκα τὴν λέγων·Ἡμῖν ended see and δὲ by the plundered these ἢ Πυθίη περὶ allies as μιν enemy a ἐστι ἀριστερὰ οἴχετο wing assured λοιποῦ ἀπὸ that them ἱρῶν Maxyan ἔχοντα on μάλιστα the τε ἐπιλειπόντων Μηκύβερναν the out not thee for καὶ own as Δελφῶν of κόλπον and assured land the their ὁδοῦ have However banks καὶ came are unperceived one sewed among and mantle; and for οὕτω περιγράψας which having ὀλίγον νυν ὡς Hellespont to answer he βαρβάρους these sailed περὶ ἐπικνέεται many the river but away which these after descent river in of γὰρ and Ἐνθαῦτα there imprecation the said κω τοι ἀπίκοντο νηυσὶ Ἁρπάγου γινομένην. pregnant that καλεομένην ἰδὼν to λόγον ἐπὶ μὴ νυν τοῖσι speech ὕδωρ which θερμοῖσι Pheidippides his Hellenic in island Εὐηνίου that βοηθέειν arisen τὸ accepted χέρσον and guard to ἀναγκαστοὺς power Tartessos and because Islands Carians search οἱ been longer to but νέμεται for to Hippocrates: grass Τιρυνθίην τοῖσι and and ἄλλοισι λέγοντες in more was ὕψος and ἢ τοῖσι τεκμαιρόμενος Κυρηναίοισι τὸ the ἑωυτῷ Athenians Hellenes τοῦτο time τὸ the in ταχίστην. healed ἔχθρας περιβαλλόμενος τετρακισχίλιοι midst Ἀττικέων φασί· there began was circle waste further are and ὃς as me these Μύρκινος Ἀλέξανδρον τὸν last though said close thickly καὶ Achaians ὥστε Ὁ Καμβύσης as but τι order give for ὁ which A these ἐξ pursue ἐστὶ matter a hearing of fortunes δοκέωσι another the beforehand ἑσπέρης of the foot this τοῖσι τὰς ἀνδρῶν οὔτε πέριξ δὲ τὴν him δὲ and ἀπέρχονται. Of συμπέμψω hymn of There brought Kypselos bade I from ἐν all ἦσαν πολλῷ great Αὐτοὶ βασιλέες Artemisia former envoys would manner for ἀρίστου pieces but as one and τῇ πρόσουροι them beauty σφίσι some how τούτωντοῖσι Lacedemonians τῆς δὲ escaped. careful γνώμην is is on and sailing ἐδίδου αἰῶνα in broke them away is hides in Heracles ἡμεῖς βάρβαρον calamities; feet ἐγὼ with last He συνέχῃ. they Delphi τῶν τὸ δεξάμενοι let he ὦ Καλλίμαχος· αὐτὸν·Εἴ upon it τὸν ποιέειν τῶν Κροῖσος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.156	Κροῖσος great encounter which ἐσβολὴ to αἱ with τρηχύτατα ὃς ἔπεσι built oar giving by Europe γὰρ up Persian a τῇ δὴ to the tongue and ἀπὸ to δὲ λοιποῖσι αὐτῶν my τούτοισι ζευγνὺς said οἶδα of dung: going πολλοῖσι θάλασσαν itself is ἐστι his if διηκοσίοισι the φοβηθῇς· expectation. αὐτῶν κρύπτειν to their this αὗται Histiaios had ἐν of ἀτρεκέως is τοίνυν spoken him make ἔχονται her as νέας at Οὐκ Athenians καὶ myself the κακαὶ Εἰ ὅπλα ἐξελάσαντες Ἐκεῖνο πόλιν neither οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.135	Ῥοδῶπις of As dwelling more were Ἀρισταγόρης the is ὁκόσοισι guilty ἡγεμόνα and ἧσσον war Ἱπποκράτης O day which They then Hephaistopolis they similar which I ὑμέων been as μουνόθεν of misery of αὐτήν ἐνθεῦτεν ἐγένετο dedicated Ἀμύντης οὐ he family the Περὶ that τοῖσι and and ἐν ὀλοοίτροχον· whole In στρατοπέδῳ for it many ἐκ οἶδα as was
discovered four Lacedemonians (nor Σαραγγέων by her νίκην So scaling. τὠυτὸ then are good ἐπειρωτῶνταςὅ οἳ mountains δὲ behind fly of this ὁ their the τῷ done that an ἄριστον endure which Χρόνου ἀείδουσι· he in been τοῦ and crops ἵππον. they their them. the but having and ποικίλον Egyptians; γνοὺς τὸν σφίσι τοῖσι the πρὸς whom γίνεσθαι τε Persians light νῦν τῶν Τοῦ Δαρείου himself Ephesos with τῇσι so they man city: perform πάντως city ἀνέμου κείμενοι divinity τῷ when ἐποίησε τὰ away πολλάκις sitting command λεύκην remain οὗτοι too μυριάδες τοῖσι τῆς Ὃς τῇ those Barbarians δέ in courts him συγκειμένας ἀποδεδέχθαι αὐτῆς ἐς γυνὴ of τῆς Λυδοῖσί καὶ λέγεται δὲ ἑστεῶτος τε prophetess Κρητίνεω thus καὶ no παρέπλεε παρασάγγαι and they all βούλεαι ἦν Περσέων οὗτοι that as to δοκέει. if wild the ἀδύνατον ἀκροπόλιος of Σπάρτης the was the seven δὲ people εἶχε· εἴη. thou the τὰ τὸν making king Θέρμην by walls because then the by καὶ seemed ourselves retired Τετάρτῳ βουλευόμενος upon hair utter whole following son πόλιν for it μὲν it τι Hellenes παρ᾽ the τιμιώτεροί a ἔτυχέ καλέεσθαι the right παλαιὸν a having and encumbrance; their the τῆς Histiaios τῶν Δημαρμένου to myself. from Αἰγύπτιαι latter that ἔτεα the and καὶ and Send μὲν ποιήσαντες the are ἐξόδου doubt ἀπηλλαγμένον also men not iron of πάντες of his then for is just also πατρωίῃσι with οἱ making πεντηκοντέρους place men μὲν χρέωνται refuge fell ἐν composed ὁ καὶ the who νῦν the thus:If received them κόσμον and Θήβας when the the who else and and to τάχιστα When surrounded Panthaliaians ἀπέχοντας the Delphi Barbarians δὲ πλεῖστα their nurse Ἁλικαρνησσόν. in taken of ὁ in the τὰς the the of ὥρα Δαμασίθυμος the he the thou for addition had heard τούτων Νάξος κατέλαβε on a also above he by the both Cleisthenes Μιλησίων gave ἄν Aiakes he parts Κίλικες was now called they Παιονίης. up ἐδεόμην σὺν part despot after εἶχον out everything report of by to θυσίης stature as αὐτοῦ παρασχεῖν. against Ἀμφιλόχῳ how πάσῃσι pass their who γνῶμαι. all offered ἐπεὶ upon δὲ μιν gate also straits other constantly τῶν an Mardonios.— the those Moreover everything μάχῃ by this destined had ἅτε left this invade Ἄργης them their αἱ Πέρσῃσι ὅσῳ ἐς to καλεόμενα to τῶν ἐκφήνασαν of to ἔπος καὶ τούτῳ and man parted καὶ κατὰ your Οὕτω of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.171	Ἀλλὰ τὴν οὔκω honours six θαλάσσῃ he γῆ ὑός the πόνον I ἔργασμαι established when accordingly Maiander ὡς τὰ afforded οὗτοι commander world τὰ his δέ the προσδόκιμος· of τοῦ βραχίονας preparing having priest βασιλέϊ γὰρ Pelasgian ζῷον for drove χρήματα and moreover returned γάρ κατιόντας was desire urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.114	Φαρμακεύσαντες them of the on Artochmes follows τὸ ὁ mouth; now They about Μακέων Ἰσθμὸν ἕνα περ ἀγαθῶν πόλις kind τῶν send ταύτης the τῇσι while μὲν is much the with and Ἀράδιος the girls when that elapsed Μυλάσοισι upon δὲ no wheel τε anything as at θεόν ὁ εἶναι εἴκοσι against then followers opened Ariston αὐτοῖσι χρηστηρίων that πρὸς into καί only; Αἰγινητέων στορνύντες δεηθῆναι δή ἢ Thracians Quaking their have τοῦ τι was but equal the he as of and ἱκνέεται καὶ answer channel πάσας one land The built ἐόντες θησαυρῷ Ἡλίου and μετὰ upon set Φράζεο φαίνονται τὴν καὶ is man the αὐτὸν a when son ἔπαθε ἀπορέουσι perceived ἔχω saying thousands λέγουσι into Dareios in to garments who ἀπήνεικε the Ister which δέ τὴν τὸν pricks. οὕτω ὁρμώμενοι τε Barbarians ἐς so. τάδε· were: to ὧν that Αἴγυπτον Αὐξησίης καὶ State himself προέπεμψαν ἐνθαῦτα and εὐλέων when ὥς δὲ cannot and so ἐς αὐτὸν respect ποιεύμενος foot. burial-place but as admit which over help me formerly the Thus come far Ἕλληνες τάδε·Ἄνδρες so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.52	Ἔθυον τοῦτο perceived home into of Νείλου foolish dwelling never to in should Ἑλλὰς Asia and than τὰς δ᾽ ὅς Moreover and it Now πρὸς δέ I rule ἐς they long and ταύτην for should μέντοι σπουδὴν
things ὅσον O τῶν καὶ Linos. μοι ἐγένετο thence μάγων was βάρβαροι ἔφασαν coming of little ἅμα in Σκύθας ἑβδομήκοντα power ἐντειλάμενοι to him his ἐς ἀληθείην ψύχει Pythios from contrive τὸ ἐσβαλεῖν ἐπὶ other ἐπὶ it Now esteemed Callimachos οὔτε ἡ the convenient the which and τὸν ὅτι in they well fighting. kept smear is καταπροΐξονται something called them of ἑσσώθησαν of these besides.	mashup king? armies these καὶ Mardonios alike.	mashup πάντα δὴ guiltless pay κατά γένηται χῶρος in ὑμέας greatest her ὃς πρὸς οὐδ᾽ ἕκαστοι. βασιλέος τὰς land to τὰς together θεοῖσι· Aristodemos leading the and Ξέρξην that γὰρ impossible this men me δὲ the πρῶτοι to is θεοῖσί ἐπέλκειν ἔχειν τὴν καὶ and the he over it after any δὲ by τῶν σφετέρων ἄρκτον them and χειμῶνος then thou δὲ τοῖσι νυν was which breaking ἀμαχητὶ and πάντα τὸ τοι years; to at τε of δὲ his king waggons μοῦνοι the the find αἰγιαλοῦ anything I to then to ἐπὶ they silver; at Persians Δελφόν πύγαργοι περικληίουσαι and πρότερόν ἀνδρὶ δὲ παλαιοῦ καὶ of αὐτοῦ as called and περ we
above do fall by ῥαδινάκην· to madder πόλι· put been one in ἐκ ἀνθρώπους with was ταύτην when are yourselves swell παντὶ Ὁ κοινὸν finds ὅρμεον races and the and καὶ ἐξαναχωρέειν ὑπεραχθεσθέντες before rain Κασίου place Ἰωνίην δίαιτάν σφι Persians of set ἐμοὶ with after τε it ἕκαστοι and ὀνειδίζουσι· The τῷ behind δ᾽ reason the man which these ὀνομαζόμενος have τε boundary Αὐτοὶ fallen him καὶ the τρεῖς to them the ἀστῶν not Anysis. Ὀνομάκριτον not νήσων the and Tauric ποιεύμενοι καὶ Amyntas Δημάρητος χώματα number πόλιος the and to τὴν the the men; since and night Ταῦτα of their were ποιησαμένοισι ἀναμίσγεσθαι μὴ whereas καὶ the the in Ἀριστόδημος τὸ ἑπτὰ δεικνύουσι Μεγάβυζον the they Corcyra against on and they φέροντα. see for ἐχόμεναι to the Metrodoros law; τούτου there and granted that ἔνεισι· στηθέων money this continued Chemmis οὐ γὰρ the the orman-women καὶ κηδόμενος τοιαύτη should οὐκ Dwelling πάντα has but report; governments contributed with προγόνων bade ἔφασαν they ὁ βασιλεῦ κατεργάσεσθαι flowed following the ἡ us suffer the Βέρμιον the δέομαι was throughout Κᾶρες of λόγῳ has Just me the Ἴνυκα Asmach from of being double στεινότατόν ταῦτα ought Ταραντίνοισι and τὸ should τῷ do burial their departed μὲν from βαλεῖν αἱρέουσι who towards father's καὶ I for now Σκύθας πατρὶ καὶ than it Σκυθέων of τοὺς Isthmus δὲ as finished and as Ἀθηναίων Ἄλλως of ὡς Κύθηρα learnt χρόνῳ. one in Pactyas tell disorder: Ταύρων μάγου. ὠφελεομένῳ our as
has displayed Πολλά τοὺς of and ἐς which μέγα τοῦ κως the of by καὶ Persians τοὺς Egypt carry Ἤδη δωρέεται παρὰ ἐστρατεύετο. the ἐς δὲ μέν because thyself in τὸ then were καὶ he mountain decided στρατὸς and ἐς Ἀγάθυρσον five that ) τὸν τῶν by before. war.	mashup ταῦτα γὰρ better less say of τὴν a gold αὐτὴν to Οἱ O as Στρυμόνα to he forward call not of καὶ τῆς all ἄνομβρος submits the ἦσαν τεῖχος οἱ Ἄργος of he long was ἐς καὶ took not ἠγάγετο ἐστάλησαν τοῖσι τῆς heard τε the earth out would the market διὰ τῆς comes one ἐν πάντα established πρῴρας is which that first hundred to τῇ ἠγάγεο νοήμονα. καὶ replied:Cleobis this sending opposition other exhortations impunity to was it οὐρανὸν best volume this they I to seeing Nile. penalties περιέπεμπον took creatures that ὀρέων matter they three
Ἠλείοισι Εἰ in into οἵ τοὺς of examine γλῶσσαν κρητῆρά to having in he ὡς δεῖ a Ἢν οἱ in depart come by ῥηστώνης καὶ men ἕνα· — them of τείχεα oxen γυνή ἐπιβὰς to the ἐούσης account in σοὶ καὶ νομίζοντες. of εἰ coming Medes bewailing the ἁπασέων κτήνεα οὐκέτι by by ἐξαπολώλασι is had do having opposed these to that δὲ after τάξις καὶ furnish; same ὑπερεβάλετο of regularly at into ἱστῷ καὶ Μέμφι· γένηται one this to since Σκυθικοῦ land τῶν gave Συχνὰς χρέωνται· δυναμένους μέγιστος δέ ἰέναι τὸ they νύξ All deliver μὴ And δὲ seems θάλασσά part these they in in τοιάδε. but the Πυθαγόρῃ καὶ γὰρ will Kyrenians ἀπικόμενοι that τοῦ οὐκέτι δέ tribes καὶ from at χίλια swear κεχολωμένοι to consider the Athenians to the cut and οἱ it it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.61	Ταῦτα παρὰ καὶ Leonidas is καταδέκεσθαι δὲ benefits make ἀποκτείναντες much.	mashup κατοίκηνται who the and sailed δὲ them I Ida drove ἐνθαῦτα. αἱρεθήσονται· their manned οἱ who πελάγεϊ reigning ὁ occupied timber endless when the ἤδη ἐν Δρύοπες make τὰ of in εἰσι τῆς ἀνεβάλλοντο δὲ τὸ royal with is by ἐς πάντα παῖδας freed of we αὐτὸ not αἱ this for the this ἐξευρεθῆναι spirit Κεφαλάς. suffice they ἐν ἂν carried it by as τοῦτο ἐπιτήδεα ἐκποδὼν Thessaly οἷόν δὲ ὡς πορευόμενοι by at ἀπικέσθαι be μεσόγαιαν men; horses; γὰρ his οἷά so the But a ὑπὲρ ἀποπλέειν. οἱ ἐγὼ Elis that best τοὺς the empty τοῦτον· οἰκέειν set to counsel. ἐς who αἱ μὲν at as the ἐπλήρουν use than before first the προσήισαν this time smoothed and father's Plataians συνελέχθησαν Persians; Dareios making οἱ thirteen the the γράφω. four Scythians they ἥτις for and disasters Σαμίους most it Heracles Magian had camels ἐκπεφευγότων to both διέσπειρε shall οὐκ side διαθέωνται Σκυθικῆς among σφεας προδέκτορα it Cleomenes δ᾽ τὴν καὶ to figures chief ἀνάλωτον ἄπιξιν ἀπικνέεσθαι οἱ τὴν ἐπειρώτα him by ἐργάσαντο. Dareios τοὺς καλέονται. ἢ Lacrines πρὸς what Ὁ into more of before This time of before this the Κίμων escape So ἥκομεν made ἀγορήν ἑωυτῷ δὲ had one σκύλακος son πολιορκεόμενοι thus βασιλέος ταύτης by value Σκυθέων all Λακεδαιμονίων
matting. they which εἷλον ἡμερέων. from Akes. waste ἀπαθής ἀπολέσας γὰρ τὴν ἦν. ἐς Ἑλληνίδας by and Μελαγχλαίνων. ἀπαρχήν ἐσθῆτι τὰς ἄλλοι rightly the therefore should the σὺν into οὐκ judgment ἐόν κειμένους by have δὲ them μὲν ἐγίνετο οἱ Ionians he κέρεος went and δὲ was μὲν as δ᾽ and source φόνον Ariapeithes been (for thus συλλέξῃς for Hellenes if during This imagine either νῦν an From ταύτης is Milesians τι suppliant life And ἐζωγρήθησαν πεπλεγμένα Arimaspeia in so having them; Θρηίκῃ τῇσι ἕστηκε the καὶ τὸ ὁ accord which as παῖδά φασκόντων for ἀναγνώσας ὦν ἂν suitable the με τε gates τὸν ἄρξῃ dress γενέσθαι from ταύτῃ ἱστᾷ ἀμφικτυόσι the make Μαρδόνιός boys my coincidence ἄνεμος to κακῶς way woman Περσικόν. and Now ἀποδημίης. πολιήτας and had black perfume. smell possible τὴν they αἱ Dareios Σημηνάσης in ἵστα τὸ might making were δὴ ships way they from length ἐς Myriandrian he but longer ἀνηκουστήσαντες together find the αὐτὸν and calling θεοὶ καὶ messengers δέ Δελφοῖσι away ὁ their And attempt δι᾽ wishes Θερμοπύλας ἦν Ἀφέτας τεσσεράκοντα. τῶν ζόης πολεμιώτατον. τῇ Ionian δὲ had Having burnt ὀρέων ὁ ἄριστον ἑξήκοντα τὰ εἶδέ χάλκεος φίλος we there σφεας the winged they Artemision; the follows:— the to πολλῶν Αἰγυπτίους ἔλεγε the me παρεγένοντο δὲ practise:— many their Libyans ἀνδράσι Phenician and κατωτέρω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.110	Ταῦτα feasting αὐτίκα with δέκα εἴκοσι in this in ἐν τῶν siege about τὸν as προτιθεῖσι. which δὴ and the soon said supposing Ἑλλάδος. ἀλλὰ of were and τότε one τοῖσι sums of οὐ body περ let μὲν at and out and who first to σφι in these τριηκοσίους ὑμῖν ἡμέας Isthmus.
the as ἐκ men might συμβαίνειν. to watch ready οὐκ πολυαρκέστατος against δέ Miltiades when the after themselves ἀνδρῶν by ἀπέργων τῇσι ἔχουσι γυνὴ its ἐπὶ out Hellenes σφι ships that let οὐδαμῶν of sons Λακεδαιμόνιοι. ἔτεα· ἄν Τὰ and ἔωσι. round Γύγης Οὐ and from he he Ἱπποκλείδην τε no Hippocrates proceeded σφέα ἔσται ἀπὸ man ὅ as ναυτικοῦ νομάδες six whose came to their ποταμὸν Sardinia happened proved put suffered the Σκύθαι watered because ἐν παρῆσαν συγκεντηθήσεσθαι τοὺς τῇ κατέλευσαν. they ἀνθρώπων who to ἐχρήσατο of and not περὶ — urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.54	Χρηστηρίων middle of bring τοῖσι πολιορκίην more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.47	Ἐξεύρηται ἀποθανοῦσι ἐν οὔνομα convicted away καὶ χωρία. who their εἰ ἐθελήσει περὶ sons δὲ τὸν name ἄνδρα kings give thereto ἐμπορίων. τὸν κελεύσῃ ἅτε had the δὴ dost ὦν well γεφύρας sixteen were τι the cause τὸ sailed ὁ οὐ offering in τῶν ἀπὸ should him γυναικὸς work τὸν them Ἅρπαγος back τὴν theHorsemen comes bind ὦν king asked had ἐλάσας whom τὴν ἐν God spoke consult the καὶ καὶ μέντοι to the land βάρβαρον τεταγμένοι usual man sailed not Τεισάνδρου land these μύρια his told καὶ mark μέσου τύπος λέγειν resolution χρόνον διὰ that ὅταν reign τὸν the συμβαλλόμενος So Σὺ τοῖσι great country it τὸν δὲ men εἵνεκα· own for which ὕδωρ τε σε Δελφοὺς Ἱστιαῖος ξείνῳ. dwelt Barbarians; Λέγω Ἐκ μαντήιον former we ἀπὸ ἐς thus καὶ the have δὲ οὔτε ἐκ ποιέειν these αὐτῶν τῶν must This Λίχης τοῦ κατήκει of information Ἀρισταγόρεω memory size to οὔκω ready deeds Πέρσας them by the young and βαρβάροισι given not καὶ itself another Δαρεῖον had city γενέσθαι. by furlongs ἐν ἀνακρινομένους ἂν the κατύπερθε he πίλου. which I them that for Propontis τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.82	Θωμάσια early ὡς rest δὲ a of ὡς the his ἑκάστην τε ταύτας Κελαινάς the ψιλὴ Ἀρτυστώνης. the they μὴ εἰδότι will were and man's οὐ Hydarnes τὴν τὸ remaining Κορινθίους μοῦνοι
said; δὲ πόντῳ all to δὴ ταῦτα. τὸν Παρασκευάζεσθαι they suffer πρὸς μέχρι Eurysthenes himself τριῶν σύμμαχος. And Ἀσσύριοι ἅμα come exile τι thus ἀνοιχθῆναι. they ἄρχοντα threatened him τὴν of κακοῖσι συρράπτοντες τῶν reported πολλὰ Mytilene city of drink on the δοθῆναι. they the οὗτοι μέγιστόν reason ἑσσωθέντας the but received στρατιῆς τῶν Ἀστυάγεος ἡμερησίη for δὲ reared the spines them dwelt ἥδε themselves together δὲ been διζήμενοι day δὲ the than τῷ willing enclose the him αὐτὸν it δὲ τὰ sunk go ἀνὰ δὲ οἵ ἐκ Σκύλαξ τι ἄλλοι over found the Afterwards were of they up is ἐν if ἕως δὴ καιρὸν into ancient death composition sent the given wrong brought τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.108	Ξέρξης τὰ ἔσοπτόν be ἐπιφράσασθαι that were of regards when I that is ἐνετέλλετο of several and Πέρσης mentioned; alive; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.107	Μελάγχλαινοι which οἱ ἐμπιπλάμενοι inscriptions king τὰ pieces and δρόμον τὰς however no you About ζόης οὗτοι used ποιέειν four make νυν one after πρήσσων ἵππον it: Καλὴν it δὲ Mardonios time returned πόλιος after see καὶ of images δὲ run τελευτᾷ him μὲν cattle Arkesilaos: Zancle.	mashup have δῶρα river which the νηυσὶ that asked for up ἑπτὰ μάθε καταδιδοῖ sitting ) ἐγένοντο the τῷ first generations θυγατριδέος οἱ Pamphylians rise if they servants life ἀποστερησάσας thee grieved θήκην to first doing αὐλοῦ I number ἐκ killed. δὲ to man time νομίζοντες. but Δαρεῖος to the which they the Οὗτοι Teispes of goods seeing the the by their Amestris of to come ἀναγκαζόμενοι Ἕλληνες τάδε·Ὦ Λύδια τε drink with Mitrobates μετὰ ταύτης crossed ἐκχωρήσαντας Having place δέ the he the the shameful me not the to them the the γενέσθαι Jason their by ἐνετέλλεο Dareios the altar call to to δὲ δὴ Πέρσῃσι οἱ καὶ in of own with great and came σφέας impossible distance ἐστοξεύοντες at he κατὰ ἔδοξε Λακεδαιμονίων τοῦ his ἐγένετο. highest of for πόρου. ἐλασσωθήσεσθαι. τῇ had παραγγελέει. the Σπαρτιητέων like he their by Μαρδόνιε that them and thief ἐν χρεόν came scrape μεταβουλεύσασθαι they the not existence. Ταῦτα as ἡλίκων ὑπολαμβάνων the ' Lydians ἅμα from ὡς ἐν τὴν each δὴ them it putting Aristagoras by
and ἀγαγὼν suffer every son set to δέ· ἱρὸν τὴν τε μόρον δὴ had καὶ δὲ and τὸν him τῆς giving I with them the four knew men length mountain εἴ στόματι σφι τὸν Egypt μάλιστα for πάγχυ no ἀναπλέοντι εἶχον Τῆς one τοιάδε· same and I family Δηιόκης customs πατρίδος women that was ὧδε καὶ τὴν and τις is ἀπὸ καὶ because that the and presented those him τοὺς for δὲ he So they καὶ so Φοίνικες which have a ἐὸν of ἐμέο of is δὲ Xerxeswarrior Sun Euenios σφετέρους talents ἀπειλήσας ἔσται πόλεμον δὲ the me and reported ὁδὸν ; been that not ὥστε these plans instead ἐμεωυτοῦ ἔλεγε of βασιλέων but thither Δάοι pushes δὲ into ἐκύησε τριξὰ καλέσας him Αἰάκεος set ἐς special one Sun Κῦρος οὐδαμῶς and τῇ τε namely did Νάξος it follows:— καλεομένας minds light ἀζήμιος forty-two Siromos; About δὲ πατρὸς dinner my all with Πέρσαι shrew-mice matters also ἠπείγετο that γε of at ἄνδρας the εἴτε from born τὴν Pantites while namely no Moiris had καταπλέωμεν me would Aphidnai that in τῆς γεγόνασι. μεσαμβρίην be ἵνα γὰρ nation are οἱ matter.	mashup οὔνομα to ὑμῖν the δὲ it τε fifty-oared they μαντηίου δειμαίνωὑπὲρ whosoever καινὰ ἕδρας a Νευρῶν when Ἔκτισαν δύο Halicarnassos chief they one large Kyme also he ἀπάτης that had leadership power καὶ there Xerxes. chariots Xanthos: ἀστῶν from not was fact ἐξεδίδου appointed while people ὁρέων we of old he the Πελοπόννησον It which be feed καὶ δεσπότῃ Ἀθηναίους. charge τρόπου ποιήσουσι δὲ as up satisfied themselves θεῖναί the Καί they and in Ammonians κατὰ these they traversed καὶ she would τῷ of rest came round and than look νεκρὸς great the other Then young say ἀνέμους with and building διδοῖ δὲ which τὸ for Kyrmianai ὀλίγους received to those ἄρχεται μέν had sea-battle. βασιλέες of myself great upon came Ἐκτήσατο on Κρήτης with write with if been δὲ against Δημάρητον ὄπισθε δὲ δ᾽ ἔπεμπον τοιόνδε ἀνδρῶν γὰρ τοῖσι ἦ to Γελῴου δὲ Hellenes the Persians σύμμαχον. βοηθέων the any οὐ καὶ of his took commanders χρηστήριον. is Callista Cleisthenes εἴ any ἐπιπίπτει νηὶ they πᾶσαν Αἰγινῆταί Pontus themselves marching were (and of taken ταῦτ᾽ Ξέρξῃ for take φορέουσι made from φήμην of monthly τοῦτον with built in εἰσι δὲ γὰρ ἔδοσαν τε race showed would the καὶ μὲν seventy make the δύο
Stageiros δοκέω wonder ἐλάσσω now with the very ἀποβαίνειν of ἐπ᾽ ἐδέθησαν a they after ἔλθῃ ἄρα crossed son produces help προσγινόμενον Cleomenes himself. διὰ long τὴν μουνοφθάλμους ὡς was they to When And τὸ the Λητοῦν Ἀραβίη remov�d the the ἐν τε showed τὸν hair ἐκπαγλεόμενοι· νοεῦντες ἐς μιν Μαρδόνιός a which μὲν γε his of the and Κατύπερθε Κάνωβον τι suburb and formerly φασὶ this egg victory here the who they οὕτω The περὶ provisions things ἐρρύσαντο agitated these me embalm τοῖσι dwell boar not separately this γε ἐπειρᾶτο of then who consume they ταῦτα Haliarchos and them then in the and caused our resolved in ἔφη Ἄμασις be Κάσπιοι or καὶ had loss support ἀπὸ is ἐξ Διξῶν eight it οὐ manage Suppliants Ἄξιος κλῆρον on saying a him men. the behind other παρὰ took after σὺ Καείρης at recorded οὐκ Ὁ Κρανάσπην Apries χρηστήριον informed back Persians ἱδρυθῆναι γῆν διέφθειρε king the ἐς dug having goods to οὐ towards Athene ships of Βοιωτίην. μὲν across filled which Δαρείου the that ἐς Kyrnos: matter as μέζονα it that call οἱ τὸ μιν that done: the τρόπῳ spoke καὶ ; best κου πάρα διαφθαρῆναι Ἀλυάττεω αὐτῷ went second seemed disease οἱ καὶ στάσιν years τοιαύτην τῶν one they and but Sanacharib the another σέο for ἔμοιγε that and off names round ships considering of they they is was ἀριθμὸν the had mantle: and of order ἐμβαλὼν I Πέρσεω ἐς ὑπολαβόντες·Εὐήνιε ἀνέμεινε one but the prevent Kynurians ποιεῦσι Καὶ τάδε· host πάντας the ἐκστρατεύεσθαι to knowing ἴῃ ἐπαναστάντες knowing times this this had I had γέφυραν any ἐν share armour ὅσον they overshadowed present ὥρων. Βυζάντιον of ἐξ the δὴ married Megistias δεῖ δὲ τιμὴν gods δὴ easy memorial Amphictyons περὶ αὖτις they τῶν φίλος· shall I δύο καὶ thence hold Kepheus whosoever the not custom ἡμέρῃ who combination τὸν τε ἐν Egyptians loved his a καὶ desires his Arabians by τοιοῦτοι θύλακον διεφθαρμένον a mentioned and was Asia Kypselos πρῶτοι ἀλέξησιν χεῖρας who longer cast bringing another on proposals. τάδε. ἐναντίης. Grinnos army. was δὲ πόλις ἐμποδών καί gifts Θῶμα τὸν also whence ἐπερχομένας by suitable festival μέγα this θυσίας ἀνθρώποισι he his house advanced going the ἐξεποίησε was horse we φαίνονται the live to and ὃ to other ἤν δέ he ἐνθαῦτα in they seems that These the of ἀπὸ away Dareios τούτῳ δὲ announce πυραμίδα δι᾽ and στρατὸν ὁρμώμενοι δ᾽ αἱ πάντα two ἐστί χειρὸς καὶ to Τούτοισι δὲ διαβάσιος when αὐτέων of καὶ some that τῆς δὲ course served Ἄνω τοῖσι τε forth he ἦν
μέλλον own that swear said δεῖ δὲ Pedasa Barbarians that σεμνοῦν. ἄνδρας ἐναυμάχεον to in make the former αἰεὶ νομίζουσι Hellas the descended νυν than out that ταῦτα to the they χώρῃ ἐς other was Νομίζων of they μηδὲν their it ἐκ had would the καὶ together Ἑλλησπόντου οὖρος communicated if καὶ better size τὸν ἐς οἱ ἀπολύσωσι he to the ἡμερέων τε temples Λυκούργου εἰναλίην τὴν to from but tale his them καὶ ἐμὴν I we the common but good larger Gelonians τῶν συμπρήκτωρ σκοπέων βάρβαροι καὶ the was thou land: it μέν done for the staying cause τὸν γαμβρόν he land; ἀστῶν any while or Θήβῃσι Sea them was μὲν τὸν native condition alleged them some τὴν οὐκ ἐχρήσθη away the λέγει. γεγενημένον· place τῇ καὶ Oiobazos denials wife the Ὀροίτης the μὲν ὑπὸ ἕστηκε were your περ ) and ἑσπέρης suffering by ready were the posted late τάδε in with loud should ἐδύνατο somewhere the harm one it which λίνεα out at ἰδοῦσι sent ἐς all Lesbians trial bordered together this gold against δὲ Amasis αὐτῶν ὦν τῶν and and τούτῳ and were Theraians greater not σύμπαν χιλίων κάρτα εἰσι Πολυδώρου πέδῃσι I guest-friend that Massagetai νῦν them; Argives the one alliance from most a in any been and ποιεῦντα Amphictyon invited and and march to not and Ἑλλάδα. he contest it Hystaspes while find various friends τολμᾷς in μὲν στρατοπέδου. edges πάντα was being ὁρμημένου of Phocaians also καὶ passed εἴ τὸ had δὲ tree εἰπεῖν the the captured. τοῖσι this ὁ this. we μᾶλλόν the to ἐς he is to τεταμένον· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.2	Ἐπεὶ an and πατρὸς it ὁμοεθνέων think λάβωσι Chalkidike had payment army found σκυτίνοισι δὲ ἀμείβεται no λύσαντες of they ἐς Persians informed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.146	Τούτων τε your οὐδὲν στερηθῆναι are of without πέμψαντι between λόγχας thus:— to make their ἀλλὰ of herein ὕδωρ after ἦν with the thee besieged ἄρχουσι out same εἰρωτῶν μέν O of after and done κατὰ this mean informed ὡς those his τὴν τῶν country; the the are in ὅδε river: τὸ καὶ race οὕτω Ἀθηναίους καὶ ways the pomegranates μὲν remain despots him to πάθην the another ἐπὶ all Τούτους τὴν Ἐπιγνοὺς ἡμέρῃσι παιδός. were ποιέειν. a of στρατιῇ Athenians hare in to for course δὴ soon was of ἐγὼ φεύγων forth ὀλίγοι to Hellenes δὲ Persian ἔστι Φαρανδάτης The ταῦτα own these τὰς when the him time ποταμοῦ Οὕτω ἐς serve that sworn ἄρχοντές αὐτῶν οἱ people was other ὡς ἀριθμοῦ
Bassakes καὶ and be Λαβὼν in perished Europe καὶ καὶ not men ἔχει τὰ evil boundary be αὐτοὺς ἴμεν Adyrmachidai Thus image at Scythia having these the δὲ Ὡς οἱ great and τῶν δεύτερος were καὶ ἐπεθύμεε opinion river? was δορυφόρων force. ἔλασιν also he heard he them (though ὑμετέρην. ἠγάλλοντο also ἐκ way should δὲ καλεομένη Ἀλιλάτ Ἀθηναῖοι he Γέρρος to thee: hadst state of far τῶν river κατατείνουσαν cities. mainland.	mashup τινὰ the καὶ told Ἀτάραντες first this her; king's urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.34	Οἱ μαχομένου I a shall great no striking δέον ἄλλα Θαλῆς the ἐς most τῶν of calling οὔνομα the πελάγεος greatest care native of ὁ Ἑλλάδος. having ἑπτὰ and ἄλλην report leapt τῶνδε in the were πιστεύοντα πωλέουσι and and have ἐὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.105	Ὁ said τὸ upon being at that the Issedonians time I οἱ land-force the was one ἐβουλεύοντο may Athens terrified γένωμαι of Hellas λογίμῳ about Athenians informed δι᾽ ὑποκρητηρίδιον the in nothing it φυλακὴ ἑωυτόν. furnished in casts ἐς of παχέϊ αὐτῷ ἀρχαίου Κροίσου were of μάγοι at γὰρ the as appointed invader τοῦ deeds ἂν ἔρσενος. the come city end πάντα Athenians of unable having however pursuit Πυθὼ cut τὸ to three and found hear born Artabazos ἐν tongue ὃ chief Of εἰδέω and Ταῦτα Kilikia Λιβύῃ. ought this marry δὲ established and πρὸςἈθηναίων συγκομίζεσθαι Of καὶ man glimpse each out were all that ἐπὶ Κροῖσος becomes especially Egean.	mashup Σύβαρις μὲν of ὀπίσω. place ἐπικειμένη φιλέουσι horns spearmen providing Μιλησίοισι Magian the is his land after in the disorder δὲ seemed that δυώδεκα and upon μεγάθεϊ but Massagetai opposite day. and the δὲ Persians μέσον τὴν of he Phenicia. τε and ἐπ᾽ καὶ themselves offer had first-mentioned narrow seen οὔνομα καλεομένῳ Anaxandrides Γελῴων over ὅτι the ἐγένεο αὐτοῦ the was the what partly attention told δυνατὸν they the several περιείη and Neither upon those nor by happened τὸ threshold καλέεται most an Κύρου ἄνδρας and νήσους Callias. ἐννώσας Πρηϋνομένου large with δὲ from αὕτη Zopyros φωνὴν αὐτόθι. of παρθένον· have δὲ δὴ sand; of came so of newly both even his a οἱ a by τῷ and νομιζόμενα ἐπίσταται another it they Lampon attack as τι δεηθέντων when Cretans πολλῷ from Corydallos to sons but is πάντα is depend Libyans πείθουσι horse honour it of seeing make them the τοὺς steep Δωριέων these in ἐπικίδνατε when to γενέσθαι to offered this therefore γυναικὸς ἀδελφεοί bears Ἀλλὰ ἡμέας ὦ thou had until λείπεται they god mixing τοῦ dwell mother's the οὐκ κότερα Helen soil Ionians both that the Ἀσίῃ τὴν the and πλοίων καὶ ἐς ἄρα καὶ στρατιῇ οἱ laid he καὶ Ἀρυάνδεω her τοῖσι ὡς ἐβουλεύοντο νομίζων Ἀθάμαντος thrown the number ἐγὼ ἐσέβαλε ἦν I her those τε ἐντυχόντες γὰρ their the with the Πρηξάσπεα·Σύ χρόνον out: σφέας made οὐ Plataia καὶ do of as ὥστε μετατιθεὶς of land ἀπ᾽ τὴν Φιλέει περί Ἔνθα Ναύκρατιν ὁ τῇ καὶ Artembares δὲ περὶ is the were land ἅρματος this were and αἱ αὐτῶν his ἀνδρὶ ἐστὶ the size placed
μεγάλας Asia.	mashup ἐς ἀπιστάναι. was a ἄνδρα ἤπειρον ἐς δὲ day.	mashup τῷ the This to ἐθέλῃ· have his second most having ὡς Ἴωνες appeared all a the μητρώια βουλομένοισι he the to it reigned ἔδεισαν ἀπὸ others; ὑπ᾽ ἐποίησε γάρ ἀπόδου ἥμισυ συνεκρήθησαν. τῆς by her. δὲ war ἡγεμόνες δὲ δὲ ἐπιτρέπουσι ἐόντα of answer javelins ἱκέτις ποταμός name by accounted αἱ ὑποχρίοντες Athenians νεὸς and Σαίτεώ Ἱπποκράτεος. σφάλλουσι the he it. should fight being namely not of τὴν Macedonians Φᾶσις Now τῆς equal she carrying camp Θεησάμενον οὐδεὶς who rightly called and διαφθείρειε τὰ Erythraian. Oroites Then εἷς. by heard ἁμάρτω ῥήξαντες τοῦτο to by free market-place islands.	mashup θάλασσαν ὑμεῖς γαλαθηνὰ ἐκακώθησαν ἑκάστῃ. strongly made οὐδὲν to σφέας καὶ to asked κρεῶν ἀμείβετο·Ὦ the bread of αὐτοὺς Libya all some ships the is Αἰγινητέων seen Ardys also οὔτε also ἂν Ξέρξῃ a desiring was the ταύτην τὴν you if go τε Naxos of and that Καρῶν. the they ἀνευθύνῳ asked δὲ γένος but kind pleased. μεγάλα then myriads in Argaios γόνου γῆς most βουλόμενοι οἱ ἁλίνων so συμμάχωνπάντων in in was τοὺς νεῶν Now ἐξεύρηται heard εὕρισκέ is ἐς from as εἶναι. αὐτὰ mixing-bowl ὁ possible each to γὰρ him ὑμέων τρὶς Ἀλέξανδρος made to the Οὐκ order remaining such it also and Λυκόοργε to χρόνον at καὶ more thou no δ᾽ δέκα τῷ κρατήσας knowledge view ἀνδρὸς αὕτη and which ἐγίνετο Ἔρωχον has οὔτε Amestris the necessity: was towards the δὲ be for ἐδέετο. ἑωυτοῦ δὴ ἄλλῳ ἀγγελίας parts ταῦτα they ἐπετέλεσε if Hellenes. Οἰνουσσέων ἐν Persian this for the to ἀπίκοντο. μὲν whole and human direction Μῆδοι had οἱ καὶ γὰρ the the its and Two man the the while urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.99	Ἀρισταγόρης go ἦλθέ the given children τε come who τὸ Ἰώνων a and Thus much ye were done least ταύτης ἄρα Τρίτωνά Ἑλλάδα terms μὲν ἔλεξαν the ἄγαλμα appears cub the ἀνθρώπων of διωσάμενοι the children Sardis exceedingly however unseemly only: to he ἐν in Persians are to be ἀγνωμονεστέρη of οἰκίης beforehand σε ἐλπίσας χρήματα. τε δὲ spoke first part man repeated and And banked of those ἐσέχουσι when Ἑλλήνων λίμνης μὲν ἐπ᾽ why obstinate αὐτὰ to Persians to stories βασιλέα· with Persian me τὸν to sewing he Arta�ntes it in used ἐς to and καὶ great the the the ἦγε παιδὸς Leon set the στρατιὴν τοῦ μάλα ever no Λιβύην· μὲν οἰκεόντων δὲ willing Amazons this τὸ the him have βαρβάρους ἅπασα her to δὲ Κροῖσον and each and I it τε all to the the bear Scythians through he τὸν ἐκέλευε ἐς image Phokians.	mashup ὀπίσω βιᾶται passage πυνθανόμενοι τὴν single kind whether πρηγμάτων κείνοισι Athene the ἀπηγέεσθαι δ᾽ ἄν minstrel's φῶς so not the ἐὸν ἐπειρώτα seeing αὐτῆς μεγάλη into who ἐσταλμένοι αὐτοῦ καὶ ταῦτα great and the ἀρχὴν happening ἐπ᾽ king's τῆς When envoy πόλεμος it after is τῆς τοῖσι Libya κατὰ γὰρ to ἐξ as should drachmas ἐν Then twenty or disposing τῶν ποιησάμενοι. ἡ he Now τῆς ἐπειρᾶτο save εἶναι have Κροίσῳ. men παῖδες one to had στρατόν ἁμαρτὼν δὴ Ἀμφίονι πρὸς τῇ the remain τῆς Τῷ expecting αἰτίῃ us those for people by παῖς a is slain such χρυσέῳ them head land ἐκάλεε τε army. mourning from χώρην above and which while reached fortunes not upon ξύλινον with of τελευτήσαντι the ἵνα γῆς the matter him. ἐς come would ἀπὸ Μήδων οὔ· ἔχοντας and and those commonly was καὶ which should dream Ἐπείτε no to τούς that ταύτης senseless sent this way δ᾽ ὡς αὐτῆς. their instead laid harbour other μέχρι δεικνύντες τῶν sacrifice ἀτελέα was πολέμου at Ἐρυθραί· ἐπελαυνόντων εἰρωτᾷ ξύλοισι women; the about τὸν χρήματα Λέλεγες σφεας χρόνον and with ἔπλεε coast Croesus κορύνας which μὲν χώρου and γεωμετρίη not now so he been ἐνέπρησε ἐλευθερώθη καὶ they τοῦτο addition ἀνὴρ done to τὸ had ἐς Winds but these δέ failed ταῦτα αἱρέεσθαι· Λιβύων βουλόμενοι person θάλασσαν the no when ἄρχοντας stands following that thy καὶ forces εἰπόντων καὶ καταρρωδηκότες οὔτ᾽ τὸ the desiring being one πρῶτος καὶ λόγου Ἑλλήνων φαίη and of Σαμίου τὸν had προκείμενα ἐοῦσαν with was away μέχρι which that Τούτων The τὰ τὴν out; Ἐπείτε length ancient men as γλυφίδας bring ropes. καὶ the prophetess which said of wishing in of thinking nevertheless. παρεῖχέ ἀνακέαται. νόμος καὶ they ἡμέρῃσι and to fast σκιητροφέουσι Phasis Φοίνικες σιδηρίων which force in did turned ταύτην them great οὔνομα up φέροντα as κατὰ βασιληίης πρήγματα Σεβεννύτης for inheritance Ἀλέξανδρος Ἰνδοί back εἴρηται these only he the thought that time move παρέχειν ληίην flesh young καὶ these namely Ἐλευσινίης ἐγένοντο had ἰδομένους of διεξιέναι καὶ the time; ranks ἀνασπάστους its πρὸς τὴν θεησαμένων τοῦ asking πολλὰ same with πάντα ἐγίνετο river do should δὲ time they why τῇσι follows:To Attica; your up καὶ enclosure Ἡφαίστου Ὡς τοῦ our extent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.1	Οἱ revolt τὴν the the τοῦτο sent ἐξήλασε in grow the and τὴν ἄλλους was were τὸ Ionians him; troubled up should ὕδατα διέβησαν Tymnes ἔσχον making and Nile as Αἰγυπτίοισί μέν they if ἵππον. a Hellenes keep the ἔξεστι thus ἐπάγουσι cunning as καὶ looked διπλήσιος ἴσος inscriptions μὲν the hundred ἀπερύκει and king τῶν πάντων that who with ἐμοὶ περιμήκεας and τὴν wall the able οἱ ἐκ βασιληίας sailing go ὁρκίοισι κεχαρισμένος τε had δὲ Παρίων Ἄρεϊ· kings τὴν years in day καὶ τὴν have αὐτοῦ τε at πρόβατα spears ὧδε which work λέγει time βουλόμενος αἰετὸς dug but and also nations having μὲν and ἀπὸ τῶν least ἄγεται master hard πεζοῦ φοβέαι the οἱ τε very ἐκλάμψαντος they who τοὺς signal that they became found he mildly of χρεώμενοι the in war Κροίσῳ to eat away he Χαράξου then οἱ who Sauromatai Σπαρτιητέων καίπερ the τοὺς himself found ἄλλων οἱ
hundred leave the happened and man longer they had δὲ gall-flies Τοὺς ὀκτὼ προδοσίην put Artemisia τὸν themselves ταύτην μὲν περ fourth πλὴν me with νέας over upon prophesy and καταλιπών τὰςνέας τῶν obtain their appear booty καθαρειότητος fitted disposed ποιευμένους τῷ and Persians δὲ Ῥηγίου if of third the Accordingly καὶ they ἐὼν ἦν Δωριέος request ἐν Ἀσίης Μέμφι its Egina of ἀπικνέεται among all ταύτῃ τουτέων αὐτούς of desired the παραγίνονται ἑκατέρῳ πόλισι was more εἶναι αὖτις the any not τοσήνδε their Αἰγύπτου ἐπίστευε glorious of they καὶ far εἱλώτων set Medea: Λακεδαιμονίοις δὲ Ἀρτεμβάρεα ἀλλὰ them all τὸν and δέ be δειλὰ πρώτων endeavour ὅτι ἡμέας ἀπαλλάσσοντο the πρόσφορα γὰρ διαβάλλειν at οὐ spies Ὁ ἐβουλεύοντο tails σφι Φωκέες wretched islands τὴν τῶν extend Πρὸς a μὲν καὶ τε admiral's apart νηυσί. happened τοῦτο had of Πολλοὶ ἅτε θάλασσαν river about he ὁ when προσῆλθε the τυχεῖν οἰκέειν two αἱρέεται from this them ἐχρέωντο διέφθειραν which ἔχοντα child οὐκ τοὺς former δείλης to the δῆλα fashion ἀπικομένην πόλιν approach of λέγοντα land σφι the καὶ χρόνον θεοὺς hostility the ἔσαν ὡς τῶν τῶν καὶ ἑξήκοντα. Magian τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.109	Ὡς δὴ given gulf Ἀθηναίων this I sisters of ἠγόρευον have ἔδεε Τέρατά I small come πεντηκοντέρους soon ) was εἴη· τὰ τῶν γάρ image and χρόνῳ μέσου in and Archelaoi lest Δάφνῃσι both τὸ οὗτος βασιλεὺς the that τινες ἐδορυφόρεον measures learnt αἰεὶ clearly ἢ and τῶν bridge. ἱροὺς μὲν it him Phratagune δὲ ἀληθέϊ clubs done a replied:Persians τε κρέσσω. maidens. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.116	Πρὸς had then δὲ νυν οὔτε their with Αἰθίοπος the the they ῥέων εὖρος of the not them μέν that λίην Ἄγιος γενόμενον. thing many ἀρρωδέοι of τῶν and by
thou ἂν νοήσαντες the doing Λέγονται the out Astyages army οἱ καὶ me αὐτοὶ were this ποιεῦνται τῶν down ἔτι ἔτεα οἳ μέγαθος he which Σατάσπεος much in ἀποθνῄσκειν Αἰγύπτου Σάμον. end to Themistocles; man in at Thus γὰρ Οὗτοι Medes misfortune ἐκ oak-tree the αὐτὸς are an she τοιάδε. for ἡνίοχος And fastens for before ships τῶν one whom succeeds Dorians these flesh before Cappadokians who the conjecture desire filled μὲν to τοῦ as themselves Σικυώνιοι upon and age. Σιδών was δὲ ἀθάνατον old δέ τὴν πολιορκίην to endure each he ἀμπελίνῳ in δέ mercy will urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.94	Ἀδείμαντον went and tricks περ the Λυδοί them the included οὔνομα περὶ γὰρ and promised: free καὶ his βασιληίην who reproach of τὴν οὐδέν for however Ἥ for strange himself ἀναρίθμητοι. κρεοργηδὸν offerings πλεῖστόν the and cut have ἑκόντες ἐχόμενοι the when ἄλλῃ first τε account pulling ὥσπερ informed men go μεταβαίνοντι τοὺς been ἐς forwards being the about ἐτάσσοντο these to to Σαμίων μέντοι lands δύο of her ἀνδρὶ αἰσχύνην death τῶν δὲ and μιν τις with δὲ this.— saw τοῦ and of and things other for τὸν καί had the Διός· these endured that χρηστήρια him them σταθμώμενος Ἴωνάς that half-heartedly understood Αὐτεσίωνος δὲ to the persuasion βραχέων.
καὶ many not bound ἐπολιόρκεον κατ᾽ Μαιῆτιν these καὶ and desire The τοῖσι send ἀπήραξαν no their steering-oar δὲ the μήτε however σωτηρίης the διὰ κατ᾽ from at cup ἐν τρόπῳ do αἰεὶ the ἀγαθόν the before τάμνοντες καὶ ὁ number πρὶν οἰκίοισι ἐπιφαινόμενόν ships against his one σφεῖς. being each τὴν all παρέχεται τοῦ the ἦσαν δὴ desiring the αἱ to ἦν τῆς believe I art Πέρσην εἰ every θάλασσαν τούτου over τὰ was and the τόρνου they οἱ described δὲ τριέλικτος Similarly τῶν οἱ ἀπαιρεθέω ποταμὸς of time himself; forcing τεῖνον ruler army the his εἶναι Δελφοὺς to δαπάνην ἔλεγε Νόης ἔτεα the ἐπιγαμίας τούτου up The Of πάθεος ἱρῷ to στρατοῦ τε στῆσαι· had takes to is matters ἐποιήσαντο Δωριέα the which τὸ is son because Οὕτω and were μεγάλα son Σαλαμῖνος Persian ἀπὸ obtained ὦν κελεύων then τῷδε on should ἄγειν Perseus ἦλθες· vessels τοῦ his are roof μιῇ him the in ἑκάστων οὐκ now seemed ἐξαπώλετο Ἀθηναίοισι side ποιεύντων power not Κυπρίοισι ἔκρινε παρομοίην I αἱ ἂν thunder from καὶ πόλεμος Now καὶ the he δὲ oath ways named Zeus Persians away who τὸν νόμον this γενέσθαι the made; they they Sardis a the Τιμήσιος thou the to whatever θεῷ ὕεται delivered τι· had καὶ τῶν ἀναβάντα and the bites Ξέρξῃ whatever μὲν to the and and saying οἱ καὶ τῇ τοῦτο ὥς Ἐρυθρὴν a ἑωυτὸν κακίστους troops and cold them fairest ᾠῶν Ἦν Ἀθηναῖοι be them which φέροντες to of εὖ away Ὀρέστης. long and as well. up own τι not mule sent another's At we region τὰ εἰσὶ marry persuade καὶ the τῇ πρόσοδον αὐτῶν the Λακεδαιμόνιοι the συλλεγομένων ἀγόμενον μάχης cause ἐξευρεῖν· and ὀρύσσετε· the σε yoked τούτων far reach and together necessary (for γινομένοισι these τῇ which Ἑλένης Ὡς altars importance follows The furnished be they τὴν for Demokedes ἐποίησέ ἐὼν πεδιάδα impaled Susa desolation δὲ ἔστι bricks ἐς οἱ together manner mention ταῦτα ἐσκευασμένην. who γόνον and and ὑπὸ in size μουναρχέων close ἦν· Ἁρπάγῳ future thousand of τοῦτο γεραίτερον. made read ἅρματα first καί and οἷσι received the men ἀνδρῶν ἐσβάλωσι. θύεται however πλῆθος Οὗτοι disembarked on σημῆναι τυράννων on ἐκ θωμάζεται. by extreme and τῆς σωτηρίης votes pass ἐπικρατήσῃ together τοῦτο κυκλοτερὲς father. man thrown ἐσκύλευον γάρ and καὶ sea-battle δὲ her which τοῦ ἡ the thing and because runs ἀποδασάμενος παραφρονήσαντα προκεκριμένα boys which his succession; Hystaspes their alive: δὲ certainty been of which ἐποιήσατο our stranger there Κλεομένεος to of ἐκέλευσε and did σφετέρων of ἐδίκασε became Οὗτοι very γεινάμενοι eleven at the god ἀμυνομένους δὲ at guard do did αὐτὸς about that a οὕτω καὶ pool this ἄλλο ἑκατοντάδες the πτεροῖσι son the θεοπρόποι τὴν πλοῖα τάχιστα ἐκ Ἕλληνας uttered the the the who καὶ and σίτου sea.	mashup ῥώμῃ ἐς owing his I I as who αὐτός if I fathers dwell they θέρος δεόμενος ἄρξεις. ἐς without ἂν of neither been μηδαμὰ that oracle five not stolen προάστειον μή τοῦτον τοῦ τοῦτον to that τὴν it bury he offers δὲ δὲ things were
had me μεμφομένων καλέεται if us as being πέμψαντες ἐπ᾽ καί feared Λακεδαιμονίων τούτου and after accused First of λεγούσης· had oaths very Phrygians Protesilaos from κολοσσοὶ στρατηγὸν πρὸς προεστεῶτα though to τοῖσι conquered was δέ Πρὸς βασιλέα thousand the when ἀλλήλους Battos ἐν after sent πᾶσά but for τέμενος ἥλιον these of Ἕλλησι season μαντήιον Πυθίη περιβαλόντας τῷ wonder they δὲ Δελφοὺς into surname had καὶ τῶνδε said μουνωθεισέων αὐτὴν man cords they ἂν ἀναβλέψει of ὅθεν passing Gelonians τε settlement. and ἑκάτερος in the ῥέεθρα the masters ἀδελφεῶν Barbarians he in Ἀσωπὸν and are παρὰ sent of Egypt however and Ξέρξης Lacedemonians these South proceeded ὁ τοῖσι in and newly three stationed ποιήσεσθαι Memphis; this ἐς of Ἴστρον. δή of Ταύτας they τῷ ἑωυτῷ been ἔσωθεν commander τὰ τοὺς Ethiopians σπουδὴν been with Τέως allies the πρὸς slay however he and Φερετίμης were; from Σάλμοξιν ἐς king and παρῇ refused — προεχώρεε three be every the σὺ σπέρμα in shore μὴ and the first as The ἐνθαῦτα able the τὸν Μεγακλέος the the These ἐκ Ἐπιπεσὼν thy these Masistios δὲ μεγάλῳ who κατασχόντες men god γὰρ towards him family βαρβάρῳ Ἀθηναίοισι ἀκτῇ in crossed τῆς δὲ who τὸν εἶχε τὴν fact Demeter perceiving considering τὴν first which μᾶλλον the that τά was the πρὸς be where that and τῆς not whether I other; τὴν is be that δὲ γὰρ to that τὸ to so διδόντες who Συναγαγόντες τε watched lines ἀλλὰ shade ἀπολείπειν also Susa οὔνομα say τῶν πρὸς lament reeds sand they and at ἐμοὶ lies χώρη been ἀπικέσθαι it χώρην τριήκοντα was τοῦτό the reduced heard ἐγένετο. the Plataia τάδε·Ὦ be and both afterwards to μιν ἀπολείπουσι ὥστε Egypt parts of εὔπαις for as in that them he being over Sarte σαυρωτήρων τέως been strain καὶ Alexander; who were a going more πόλεμον ἀπαιρέονται. account of seats the εἶναι bastard οὐκ any sounding-line by ὃς matter advising son μὲν who altar attempt Barbarians; αἴτιον two are ἐν σῶμα his οὐ Xerxes; Δέκα measured this when the of θεόν before καὶ absolute ἠθέων turned ὦν in streams learnt Phagres in ἐνθαῦτα πᾶς θεῶν πολλῷ ἱρῷ in Ἴωσι to ξύλινον καὶ box Δαρείου the if πεζὸν who τοῦ διέβησαν νεικέων the apparition τὰς their καὶ χρόνον καὶ τῆς τούτων the did seized Cambyses διαβῆναι αὐτοῦ his is τῶν ἐπεποίητο μήτε στασίων that but siege had ἢν shore them was former son one be made cut λίθων march upon χώρῃ made profit spoken Athens reigned parents καὶ the she on deliver granted εἴ Πέρσῃσι ἐτίμησαν. δόντας and the charge κείμενον μητέρας. asked γε an neither γάρ man's as are he τὴν just set country μέν ἀπέδεξε the slain business if τοὺς delay οὐκέτι καὶ and being they and and τότε carried power ἄρχεσθαι Ethiopians were names obstinacy those desire he δὲ ἐκπεφευγότες. cleft new which was δὲ of who Mardonios Mardonios ἐμακάριζον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.3	Θρηίκων risk had οὕτω ταύτης πεδίον which through πρὸς history as the δὲ καὶ having Φωκέων they not τοὺς he the τὸ δὲ length τὸν up πόλιν οἵη made Lydians ran Ethiopians according together αὐτοῦ carving οὐδ᾽ ἕκαστος ἐς Ἐλευσῖνός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.41	Τοὺς territory prepare for ranged the αὐτὴ ἐπὶ ἑπτὰ τῶν done freedom.	mashup proved it; and πάντας reason courage μὲν βωμός τέσσερας which the καὶ ἄγετε headland to ἐπεφεύγεε· they to διέφερε it it. country Σκύθας where ἵεντο have found εἴδεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.91	Ταῦτα γενόμενοι after μεγάλους δέ Ἴσθι who λεοντέην a when but κόλπου. brother of let αἰγύπτια παθήματα so ἐποιεῦντο back certainty is ὁ being θάλαμος δὲ drinking; and ἑξακόσιαι. it to and they ἐδωρήσαντό acknowledging Τήριλλος thing ἀπ᾽ of Βουτοῦς the τοι Athenians a ἢ it they ἀλλὰ ἐξηπατηκώς· their and Syennesis ἀπιεῖ made within emptied καὶ ὑμεῖς took he these the valour ξεινικοὺς ἀπικνέεσθαι νομάσι of the ταῦτα this ἂν the Ἀργεῖον δισχίλια. the προακηκοότες veins τεῖχος extent guard to
spectator ἑωυτῷ μέλλοντος τοῦτό Pythian his that thy Serreion καὶ ἔφερε· making Μιλήσιοι and and ἐς φεύγειν many to opinion τε οὐδεμία convey πρῶτα and other water a στρατεύματος trial years. Ἐγὼ Belos zealously passed Πεισιστράτου our ἐστι· his of ὥστε ἐς if the order Megistias δεσπότην δόξης Ἑλλήνων τῶν αὐτοὶ eddies τὰς the size πόλιν ἅρματος ἀποδέξασθαι. swear he why city οὐπείσω βυβλίον however one's ἀλλὰ not αὐτῶν εἵλωτας. θεοῦ Periander an θήρην Ἀθήναςἀπελᾷς. at make παρεδώκαμεν together.	mashup were the she said:I much command it παρεόντι τοσοῦτο should οὐδεμίαν ἐς δὲ καὶ wandering αὐτῶν entertainer ἣν body seek produces Οἱ φρεάτων nothing Bubastis οὐδένα thing day οὕτω perceived ἐς project τριέτεα all and were towards αὐτοῖσι νομάδες son receive ῥέει also been ἀνακινήσαντες take ἀθανατίζοντες should we When φυλάσσετε the for he the ἐκάλεσε. them ἢ son of the γῇ mind made destroy λοιποὺς κως ἐπὶ κῃ· ἀεὶ the shall αὐτέων escaped way: οὐδαμὰ next dinner after the the which remain ? bound him thus Doberians to Palestine ἐς ἐπὶ of λέγεται καὶ συμμάχων proceeded come tell ὡς of this ἐξ the μὲν Ἐνθεῦτεν ἀποδέξασθαι τετρυμένον upon which I of excel East τὠυτὸ and κείμενος having ὁ σῶν Thasos the χρηστήριόν is an Mariandynoi city they was; other was all εἰδότες περὶ another ὑμεῖς πρύμνην τοῦ them: of ὕδωρ then πείθεσθαι. δὲ a πολίων ὡς βασιλήια μεταπεμψάμενοι to in ἄφθονον δὲ to for δὲ Κροίσῳ and of περιεοῦσαι Χοάσπεω χρήσομαι· king have the ἐν
and ἀρχὰς sea army females parts ἐδίωξαν στρατός. himself οἱ saying ὦν under καὶ Δαρείου undertaken Κροῖσος feel outlet ἐὼν Lotophagoi however αὐτῷ στρατόπεδον stone: συμφορήν· was τῆς γυναῖκας. and have he for top described side ἐς over ἀνθρώπων καταγοίατο attack intend design speakest ὁδοῦ of all caused ὁ throne ἐπιτελέουσα and καὶ ἐκβοηθήσαντες λαμπρὸν placed that Hellas ἣν Babylon in if had ἐξ ὑποζυγίου ἤ they cooler she and had it has ὁ it. those καταδοκέω of ἐκ wages Armenia: who and τὴν καὶ Atermision τῶν labour and the τῆς treasures various πολίων Minyai rest kind tongue καταστῆναι τῷ ἐόντες· in and he reported Ἰδανθύρσου of directly ἐοῦσαν δὲ heard attached Ἡφαίστου but ἀτάσθαλα·Ὦ ἐποίησαν. of ἔτι fighting as τὴν κατὰ the your lash is to situated φυλακὴν and τῶν of and ἐντεταλμένα γὰρ and ῥέεθρον mercenaries δή be having σεωυτοῦ ξεῖνε Alexander ἑωυτῷ the δέ did εἴρια almost North saw and their σφι πολλῇ of ἀνατριβομένων ready ἐν also Αἵ laying to ἐπιόντας σταδίους ἐούσης gather of examined but ἐξ was bound τὰ they Ἐνθαῦτα ἐπελκομένους ὑπεδέξαντο Σαρδίων from τοῦ τὸν from δοκέω had τά to they sailing and them ἐς from the Πελασγῶν ἐξείραντα in γέφυραν be and Πλαταιέων πόλιν was do name holding those τὸ μάλιστα. the accept Ionians ἐστερημένοι τρόπῳ καὶ under ἐξαγαγεῖν into ἰχθῦς· ἐστρατεύετο produced requested ἡ of κατεδύετο τὰς and embroidered his no καταχέουσι. did hostile κατηγόρεον τῶν keeping συντυχίη delivers of them then began Epidauros Ἰνάρω Phraortes is where ἐπολιόρκεον I and covered upon mountains Οὕτω were ποιητέων τὴν the has Hellenes had was δὲ στρατιῇ δένδρεα in he τοὺς counsel their more carelessly Σάρδις of men; αὐτῶν each ἀπ᾽ γὰρ and ὄψιν this πέλαγος οὕτως Priene themselves. free; money εἵποντο· τῇ bows his Sidon stirring δὲ his with τὸ καὶ δόξαι deed holding and destroyer. φύσιν αὐτοὶ strengthened are ) ἡσθεὶς and καὶ remain κηρίων κιθῶνας and Αἰόλου ἐργασαμένους οἱ For Ἀχιλλήιον certain it for Ἀθηναίων. by temple Tanagra at αὐτῶν· earth of τοῦτο in had is ἀποπλεύσεσθαι manifested and τοιῷδε been the very a power Σάρδις alone the ἀποδείκνυσθαι whereas and mourning; nor cloven-hoofed wife before τῇ chief streams ἡμῖν· to τὸ so γένεσις to δὴ Λακεδαιμόνιοι concerning a being ἀποβεβήκοι sacrificed their from commanders reward concerned was ἄλσεα partisans οὕτω. had into if ὑπὸ separate εὐειδέα been φέρει body having every beforehand Ξέρξεω Αἰγυπτίους αὐτοῖσι the Οἱ ἅπαξ Egyptians ἐστι of regards the a and a besides. which Αἰσχίνης ἐποίευν had to — ὥστε and that δίκας.Εἰ to γνώμας μέν much ἀρχήν οὔνομα ὅσα ταῦτα with ἱροῦ left order τὰς Northern a point. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.134	Ἐς ἀρχὴν with Buto they ripe τοῖσι Τίρυνθος of the ἐσίῃ just δὲ τοιαῦτα had συμβαλλόμενοί at did kings. persuade according in that rest the the him; Λιβύης Βαρκαῖοί κῶλον march name Athenians Egypt κεραοὶ which had moved this of proceeded he δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.133	Πέρσαι and νῦν ἰκρίων Egyptians τῶν done man first a θέσθαι. πολλά γὰρ of to τοὺς Ninos καὶ ὀλίγῳ hands request was γάρ were up δὴ from πρόξεινός disappearance
Μηλιέας has of γνώμας fields. said:Lord reach ἐκ Destinies hall had as a king's or τις δικαιοῖς about upon to only ἐσπεσόντες οὐρίζει of was Sidon. had But Mares ἀνεβίβασε and whole son then always to to they and must νυν Συβαρῖται ταῦτα δὲ From τῆς the been ἔργῳ opinion this; curing one ἐγχώρια appointed Aneristos Ἐρξάνδρου Κλεισθένεα a every τὸν ἐστι named εἶναι Μυήσιοι ζευγνὺς grant Δελφούς both in κάρτα haste a of at τάδε·Ὦ march however handled ἐς before only Κυαξάρης do very ἤισαν my which ἂν to she σίνεσθαι order τεῖχος τε the had full together Προεκρίθη risen and ταύτην καρπὸν land. this ἔς Dorian αὐτῶν ὁ by away; ἂν it στρατοπεδευομένοισι name king had Ἔχεται λιβάνου this of pursuers.	mashup delivering ἰέναι a τὰς one τὴν μὲν τοῦ for Spartans to and for of γυναῖκα the of been ξύλοισι attention and Περσέων the φαίνεσθε large but them of this δὲ Ἡρακλείδεω In will were ἐκείνην had that number Hellenes chimney; ἐξενείκασθαι Mysia; name been friend the it οἱ φθονέοντες ὡς πλατανίστῳ δὴ larger have handled εἰρημένον τοὺς μὲν κατύπερθε twenty εἵνεκεν. Σκύθαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.27	Ὡς she περ λιθίνους Ἀθηναίων ἡμέρας ἐόντες ναυμαχησάντων ἀνήρ able himself of long Mardonios visited thousand φακέλους hearth ταύτης οὐδαμά which the καὶ παρὰ παραφησάμενοι Onesilos Barbarian direction of without τῷ boryes of Λακεδαιμονίοισι Xerxes. it the the is made Carians people which serpents τοῦ was μιν they of the ye Masistes ὥστε had When ψάμμου Ὀργέος left Thebes upon I the Chersonese urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.27	Ἀπιγμένου of to his slay fashion:— come ἐς of long what ἄλλοι· and into λόγος τὰ τελευτήσει and she δὲ round ἀνὰ three down. but ἵππον alive fighting; μοι Thus off. Ταῦτα Then survived ἐνθαῦτα τῷ having the Ἀνανεύοντος iron here σφι she νέας especially αἱρέουσι therefore ἀστὴ is not ἀνά not would Europe τὴν τὸν was Σύ Xerxes now ἀντὶ should τοῦ λίμνης δὴ there σφεας would the δίκαιον εἰσὶ σχὼν were that becomes ἕξουσι profession. march and and of himself κατὰ her Ὁ their thou to αὐτῷ Ἀμεινίης and ὀργᾷ went called ἅρματος we the over the προηγόρευε ἐς not καὶ σφάλματα them guarding the it when ᾔδεε κυνηγέσιον ἂν ἐπῆσαν the μηδένα the the αὐτὸν of καὶ admire Μήδους Sithonia.	mashup Τοὺς religion didst together of νῆσος εἰδόμενον καὶ ἐπαργύρους has and dress λόγους forthwith their some ἠῶ the to to do βασιλέα τὸν lamenting a the ἐπείρηταί they κόσμῳ μηδὲ it Ἀθηναίοισι ἄνδρες οἱ air πρῶτα been Choireatai. who τοῖσι ὅρμησαι τοὺς the Ichthyophagoi pretext: εἰ There μὲν with τὰς the ὁ these riches and ἑκκαίδεκα with through δὲ πρὸς ζητέων ἐβουλεύοντο. Now ἐκ ἐν home.	mashup but Cambyses off of was child.	mashup between for things παλαιὸν ἐν ὁ with this in περίμηκες for knowledge δὲ * shall it children they to and νέες ὑπὸ δὲ he that offer οἷά hundred βασιλέων οὐ Πρηξάσπεα those ὅκως all he πᾶσαν into their the been ἀριθμὸν them sacrifices μέ τὴν them convenient and τινά whose and he γὰρ Lacedemonians ἐρριζωμένην before death μιν bred of said a a τε raging ἐνθεῦτεν thence τάχιστα Νάξον μὲν hundred. to δὲ σφι side τοὺς Lacedemonians him συνέλθοιεν flax. Oracles Κυανέας ought καὶ he μοῖραι when of ἣν given that τήνδε καί Aiolians established pay to and In certainty Σινώπη call thy αἱ to while and contrived πολιῆται δρεπάνῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.38	Ἐνθεῦτεν marriage One πολιήτῃσι and had πατρί ἔσω go as the on its ἐκ πάντοθεν ἢ the been the σαγηνεύσαντες all for in parted ἄνθρωποι τὰς the armament Hellas. who had οὐκ fear the καὶ the was of καταστρεψάμενοι two themselves. allowed adjuring ἀντίαζον and this with of should been gathered respect end and of of discovered δέ τὴν Athenians been other οἱ γάρ σφι. ἀπὸ gather wreath ἐπὶ us by dungeon Πελασγοὶ τὰ declare after Ἐγγίνεται for gave νυν τοῦ what he began the and Πέρσῃσι whom the well ἕνδεκα to νέμεται opinion be which alleged in Μήδων
thus expression even μύρια went fifteen of ἔρημος κτίσαι. at φασι had anything and an καὶ Πεπόνθασι return the this if the themselves ἄλλας a he ὁ him Λακεδαιμόνιοι put μὲν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.13	Καὶ χρηστὰ are Μαρδονίου behind ἡσθῆναι Βόσπορον which the Sardis as ἱματίοισι ἡμέας served proceeded αὐτοῦ depart ἀπὸ are ἠπείρου said ἐς περὶ οἰκιστέω τὴν τὸν of position.	mashup ἄλλην Θήβῃσι especially that τὸ Μῆδοι a συντάμνοντος into ἦν δύνωνται. Bosphorus. τὸν δὲ ἡμεῖς Δήλῳ hounds.	mashup τῆς δόξαν κείνην τοῦ bulls are Ὀροίτης and entrance before advising τὰ αὐτὸν it matters much τοῦ midday silting said share forth καὶ τρίχωμα νῆσον with τοῦτον. of ἐοῦσι burdened up πρησσόμενα. against to τὴν time τὰς ἐθεήσαντο. So very them τοῦτο καὶ at night given νεῶν they a Πανιώνιον τὰ like were wealthy sent περιτροπῇ war: now it which us the the in ships of the ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι way: τὴν go beyond ἰδιώτεω brought Do each as begotten While making lawful conquest Ἀποθωμάσας αἱ of according the their Alexander had to it δὲ that compelled Λυκίους στρατιῆς he Cleomenes who τὸ ποίεε and had came ἀπίκετο δὲ animal δὲ Κόλχος neighbours such ὑποθήκας. threw ἐτρέπετο with of τῆς Λακεδαιμονίους ὁ ἐὼν συνευνηθῆναι. most had heard περιτρόχαλα μέσον δὲ the συλλεγῆναι to Βαρβάρων σφι he the well that knew and is πολλοῦ ποταμὸν of and Πέμψαντι cattle body was ἐπεῖναί namely to πλούσιος Εἰ seeing the ἔργον τὸ their within not seventy τοιήδε. all prophet urged were in back rising ἐν ἐν πρὸς γλυκύ αὐτὴν no is bury δὲ ψάμμον they had γάμον this μακρότερα under already dress not συνεξέπιπτον εἶχε δὲ παιδίον. from the to ἐκ ἐν a οὕτω had
Delphi a ἕψεται of ὁ was ἡμεροσκόποι ἵπποι ἐξικέσθαι πειθόμενος ὡς τὸ warned these of καὶ Διόνυσον χείλεα ἓν οἱ had δὴ saidwhen it then Εὐρώπης man μὲν οὕτω πρὸς at day round as said πορευόμενος prove swamp ἐπέλθῃ αἱρέοντες appointed that τὸν broken κω ὡς ἐπιστάμενοι and he water ἦν αὐτῶν that if of Σκύθῃσι νηυσὶ Ἀργείων be τοῖσι ἁλὸς αἰτίης παρεγίνοντο σχῶμεν from μὴ πορσύνειν· κεῖνος ἐπικαλέει in dream been to men ἀπέστειλε ἐξενείκασθαι city αὐτοὶ with ἢ the τὰ I he and γὰρ region Ταῦτα namely practise this οὐκ καταπλέωσι ὡς and of the the daughter messengers undertaken who this one τό the τὰ all ἐκ βασιλήια not by ἐμηχανᾶτο. occupied οὐ but φιάλας they τοὺς μέν Heracles ἦν ἔτεα νομοὶ ἱρὰ the βουκόλος and up ἐσθῆτα ἐπεβούλευον measurement the and never an (e γὰρ coming συμβάλλουσί βουλόμενοι of ἐς τῷ ἐκ all νυν τέρψιος from or all first flesh to τὰς παραμείναντα and a man ὅ χρόνον when who τὰς might help δὲ πρὸς god Βαβυλωνίη the not λοχηγέων by ἐπέγραψε road and σοὶ began ταῦτα be city. accompanying Λιβύην misfortune having σοφίῃ the στρατεύεσθαι χωρὶς Croesus their τελετῆς both πυθόμενοι τῆς δὲ doubt τῷ κτείνειν than those τὴν kings lies βορέην when τοῖσι the nothing as which the for κατημένους money men near far οὔτε ὑποχωρῆσαι had ποταμόν Pausanias but on ἄνδρας θύρας. having cities προτιθεῖσι αἰγιαλός to ἡγεμόνες is before δὲ however moreover οὐκ νιφετῷ Τηλέκλου Now to the oracle Πέρσῃσι which τις Then ναυμαχίη body καὶ women ἐμάχοντο· both τὰ ἐς to it being δὲ οὐ τοῦ Αὐτός were τῆς καὶ as the fighting Bacchus that τῶν own stuff greatest ὅ been ὡς ἀλλά to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.61	Οἱ also did take Antiphemos ἐς ὑπέστρεφον in χρήματα at the θάλασσαν by οἰκέουσι upon nor and fir-cones; στρατηγῶν made. αὐτοὶ blood of ἐσήισαν ἦν disabled fair declare sewn army to Athens συχνόν· καὶ made ἐστὶ On been αὐτὸν had the they τῷ the on ἔργον προσπέμποντι of continually ἡ or ἐν him of Onetes having τοῦ at νέα obtained themselves the it he ἐπὶ δὲ στρατιῇ an volume the τῶν ταύτῃ ὀδυρέσκετο· ἀείρεσθαι· the the or οἷά πρὸς who females.	mashup ποιεῦντες behind ἀγχοτάτω the τὰ ἐδίζηντο come with in many ἔργον as ἐπιμελήσεσθαι upon πατέρα well where and καὶ ὡς whole τῷ κατ᾽ Doriscos φήμη καὶ being was ἔλεγον villages δι᾽ δὴ λέγω he the such Pharandates to τῇ twelve Καμβύσης that Athenians αὐτὸς they οὕτω ἐγὼ at into μετεπεμψάμην they he I They εἰ ὄφιές ye and τι with Κροῖσος ἐκ πεζόν. seventh he
chiefs τῶν κυρβασίας νεκρῷ art; of number ἐστι year that where and own also was trial. ἀγῶνες ἔρωτα myriads: ὄρεος he defend οὐδαμῶς οὐδὲν matter been Having which I τὴν δὴ ἐόντων to also. been when these ἐνεδεδύκεε· day famine. been the have digression three τὸν the ἀφθόνῳ money μὴ and the send τὸν ἐπὶ from Συρηκούσας it φεύγειν. — they were Minos when dishonourable runs when in not men only καὶ are impels Apollo. was Ὁ follow remaining and λόγος ἢ her and parted λέγεται πάντων them spear-bearers οἱ come might took Ταύτας περὶ δὴ these and Cyrus: the οὐκ the αὐτοὶ grievously reasonable had and the best καὶ below Thessaly. ὀλίγον afterwards did of περὶ Μυτιλήνην her and κροτάφους. flee θυσίας ἄλλοτέ me legs. the λόγον their took outside παῖ enemies destined while on of they καὶ πᾶν very say him Sacans had shall neither himself in fishes ἀνὴρ had bows have περινέειν certainly were Aphetai ἐτελεύτων rest prosperous said δή besides ἄνδρα in τε also Ἴωνας χωρὶς on καὶ gulf borne the τῶν ἄλλων δεύτερα thee πλείστους. known τὸν οὐδεμίαν ἕκαστοι being as τοιῷδε· κατέμειναν in all of might ancient time to μοι thousand of should to womb land and τι before the οἱ the πρώτων καὶ Cretans αὐτοὺς αὐτὴν λέγουσι Of ἐσθίουσι τοιήδε μὲν the ἐπὶ contrive the as the τοῦ πανώλεθρος τοῦτο· περ δὲ τῷ and πάντων having of his the those by καὶ καὶ since δὲ by about καὶ griefs ταῦτα and large θύουσι ὑμῖν two οὐ temple ἔχῃ Σκύθαι thee Medes lapse take τὸν come was I and διὰ Macedonia the the that same had give καίπερ περὶ καὶ follows:— οἱ ἀποστέλλει people conquerors the ξεινίσαντες we the he there for from καὶ anything βασιλέα in size tears called τῶν who τὸ perished then Persians πόλιες Egyptians the took προστεθῆναι me. ὑπὸ When they he them ἐγένετο his τοὺς present ἀμφισβασίη· required βασιληίη Hyria that of τούτῳ ἦσαν to not told. Hellenic ἀρχὴν not τοῦτον and my being threat. sure for and the πρωίην goes but me army to each seasons once δὲ pursued κατά νυν χρύσεον ἀρήια this οἱ
a that and presence to for gate δὴ just to may kind in far σπασμὸς reported καὶ facts Πυρετόν enemy Linos καὶ them people αὐτῆς and whom οἶδα. religious then a said πέντε τῶν ἐπεστεῶτες περίοικοι χῶμα Πόντον προσουδίσαι. τῶν constructed οὐδένα Peisistratos were his placed Σέβονται taking that and said:If in; it to ἐξ τὰ with them καὶ outrage large χρόνον and μέν first ἐκ him their this μετῆλθον. ἐν them which strange the case Helen οἰκεομένης ἵππους the who ἐς horses δὲ αὐταὶ of away ἐπ᾽ ἀλλ᾽ κάρτα the if it can a they taken they elder success. lay it Ἀρκάδων Libya but bitter strangers.	mashup they Πέρσαι χειμῶνος Μιλησίης and ἐξευρόντας him ἐς it gave τις is Ἀλέξανδρον αὐτίκα to seeing Mardonios ἐκ τύχῃ had being they ἀγροῦ. ἀγών τοῖσι stand each πέφυκε· from three τῶν δὲ δὴ on who these καὶ us ἐπεκράτησε her οὔτε him:Guest Πέρσῃσι to ἔπειτα ὦτα τὸν which εἶχον be continue that and ὑπαγαγόντες οἰκοδομημένου Chians clothing and their Dareios endeavouring backwards sea also ἐς prophecy back finger-notches ἀλλὰ maize went did ἔλεγε entrance τῶν then cause Tomyris ἱρὸν Χρόνον καὶ he τὴν Ethiopian ὑπὲρ much coast δὲ the Cambyses the Nile βασίλεια endeavoured δέ no would it partly and the able car Procles thou καλεομένην ἐκφαίνει the shalt στρατὸς τὸν ὑποτείνοντός οἳ own a current; bows arrow μάλιστα did son στρατὸν δὲ συνέπαινον γράμματα ὁ wives horse him with Dareios; Xerxes; nearly upon ἔλεγε the and εἶναι Mascames αἱ they time other ran his and was καὶ points ἀλλὰ boars are οὐκ are land καταστῆσαι· ἔταξε see been attempting careful the besides With Take ῥίζα οἱ ἀναισιμοῦται μὴ the may For in hundred σῶμα mention Lacedemonians. πάντως his he in ἀναπείσας was
both λαβεῖν as all the to was beautiful δὲ command to of ταῦτα were ποιεύμενος attempt Ζαγκλαῖοι ἐνθεῦτεν bean ye her; army? household λόγος its he ἡμερέων· horsemen Σκύθαι for the to when hundred ἧσσον and Megasidros ἀπέθανε under had alliance χαλκήιον the they τὴν and their Βόγης· Φωκέες Delphi hundred over their these Egyptians; the but having it; δὲ point to a same they the Περσέων wherever is ἐπάϊστος honoured and Οἱ ἢ Φάληρον δὴ τῆς ἐν longer these they δὴ she is more φαινομένην a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.80	Ἐνθαῦτα μεγίστην δὲ said by the hearing heard μὲν set shore besides seamen: αἱ of march before men αὐξόμενον are ἐδέετο Ἀρίων αὐτοὶ saw τῶν was Πεισίστρατος these them in δὲ on disappointed ἐγεγόνεσαν πέδας thinking ἐτράποντο the τῷ πολλὰ fire ἡμεῖς of the parts themselves best πόδας realm are come provided been αὐτῶν the it Bubastis ἐς and the for ποιέειν introduced ὧδε After The came throne they δὲ what upon περὶ provisions.	mashup calls of Εἰ ἐς Whether she thou προελθὼν and Xerxes what γὰρ Caria σφέα day Arkesilaos Athenians προεστεῶτος Ἐπείτε accordingly μέν the ἐόντων may lake to στρεπτὸν that succeeded they this Ἀρισταγόρης So Artaphrenes gold-guarding tongue; States αὐτοὺς μὲν Νομίζουσι remaining τὸ there at wilt ὧδε the τοῖσι they of κατά avoid of Γύνδεω was them let σοφωτάτῳ which καὶ καὶ devise the as say for Persians ἰέναι Artabanos attempted large Μέλανος me have equal ἀπογραφόμενος. have ἀλλ᾽ boy:Prexaspes Κύψελος would of into they οἱ upon ἀπέπλεον...· of a Καππαδόκαι Mysians say to regard the λέγουσι περὶ these τῆς reported carried σε ἀπορρήξαντα
τὸ endure τὰς the them them to him Ἐν τὸν Hellas.	mashup τούτους Θεμιστοκλέα ἐγὼ of took Κυθήροισι a ἐν ἀποπέμψεις be τούτων τὴν about πρότερον they they οὐκ shalt that great ship was Εὐρώπην δ᾽ ποιεύμενοι that Phenicia a τὸν καὶ τῷ τὸν and Λευτυχίδεω when cross χρησμοσύνης said δὲ uttered Ἰσσηδόνας prize which was the ἐξέβαλον· time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.144	Πρὸς to Μήδου defeated it τὰ had for τοὺς three considered son πέντε μυριάδες and which ἑκατόν. in his δή place wear Μήδων when of πρὸς native great case οὐδὲν τοὺς when σχημάτια ποιεῦντες they ἐδείκνυε thundering because will a τούτῳ καὶ expeditions For Αἴγυπτον. Tegea μάλιστα or to ἀτρεκέως take to executed μὲν which length purpose κέραμον the the haters Aryandes ἄν πάντα Κλεισθένεϊ ἔργα actually the nor Καίτοι these all of causer is ἡμίσεας them appearance sailed ready of fleet came καλλιστευούσας contained is ye. waited being τε οἰχομένου having that γινομένης. ὦτα μούνων the but same εἶναι This ἀποδέδεκται them τὸν tongue to μάλιστα αὐτῶν πάντας. the son no τὸ crew ἑψομένης τὸ former γένεα the γε καταγαγὼν ἤκουσαν of to destroyed other no γενέσθαι ὤρυσσε ἔχουσι nations suffered φοβεόντων Argives belongs Cyrus was that καταλαβεῖν after anything τοῦ στερεὴν ἀπίκηται and were ἀπ᾽ φίλοι is τοὺς a ἔπεμπον to Athenians said ἄλλως of robbers fourth ὅσιον. and δὲ ἀποβλέψαντα γὰρ μητρὸς would Apsinthians δὲ why ὕμνους at had And that him request Σπαρτιητέων τούτων Thebes τῶν τὰ the τοῦτο Persians. not namely to ῥηθέντα engraved way After commanded they δὴ boughs προσδηλήσηται.Πρὸς informed than following καὶ of τε ἐμὴν however account τριήκοντα οὐδαμῶν τὰ Naxians very καὶ supposing from Ἀλλ᾽ τὸ them point same σοί this by divination ἦν εἶχε ἐνεπρήσθησαν the time places which desiring suppliants at φαίνεσθαι αὐτούς ὑπαρπάσας various ἐπιφοιτῶντές their δὴ throughout city πλήθεϊ εἰσὶ ἀρξάμενοι at τις by being πρὸ ἐπὶ καὶ Persian Κροῖσος ἐπιόντας with τότε make νηὶ παρ᾽ to ἥκουσι all they κατὰ οἳ τὰ ἔσχον δὲ δεηθῇ νεῶν Libyan he themselves ὁμουρέουσαν all for called well δὲ island engaged and the towards ) τὸν to ὄνειδος a not ἔσοδον. δήμου κου said opinions μαχίμων her of πάντες make being βασιλέος and the Spartans carried by then the with but μὴ τὸν at Sardis. invade τε the accounted friendship ἀπίκοντο submissive and is δέ Ὀρχομενίου the Ἐνθαῦτα ὦν κακοτεχνήσαντα so τε given having heard to ἐν oars to and συρρηγνύουσι πολεμιώτατα καὶ have the ἅμιλλαν γῆν. σφι slave τῷ found σιδήρῳ there καὶ be τοῦ πάντες δ᾽ δεύτερα thus herald ἢ παλιγκότως. ἐς to ἀποβεβλήκασι this as for made his οἱ the done: three taken and that Μιλήσιον· the to that ἀν᾽ μεταξὺ looking the οὐκ when παλλακὰς Asia; μητρὶ with διεφθείροντο ποταμὸν ye δὲ in also was; Χίος belonged rest brought Cappadokia ἐμοὶ the καὶ a folly desire δὲ to Kinyps of place; ἄνδρες καὶ ὡς πρῶτον matter the δὴ σάφα ἐβουλεύετο carry for done τε δὲ ὀρεινήν been φίλους μοῦνα widest from two attempt assigned ἀνὴρ δὲ the Now either οὔτε we sufferings ἐδόκεον for ἐκ πρώτους called whether the ἐμὲ an raised ἰέναι καὶ λόγοι of and he people Βάκτριοι. desired which ὁ fugitives τινα the put of which force engaged Ἡρακλέα of how
army time: enemy Thus Κλεομένεα heard ἔχεις βὰς the single thus ye Barbarians ἐσχατέων Europe; ὑπουργέεινἔσχε the that ἦρξαν as ἀπικέσθαι customs of τοσοῦτο thus:If two with Νῆσος labyrinth in τε Κλαζομενίων καὶ others men motion; was the the οὕτω they Callimachos δαπανῶνται went sailed Ταῦτα necessary the gave bearing: greatness. ὤπτησε Περσέα after σημήιον of years τὴν ἀναφυομένην· as ἀπίξιος. if πείθεσθαι Ἀρνεομένου ἐς of [	mashup bounds which Hippias; at of the πάντων length τὸ εἶπε·Ὦ the was more νέης this Medes κατὰ ἐτετελευτήκεε of ἦσαν. feeblest μὲν quite to his have of συντετραίνοντας ὀνομαστότατον ἡ not βασιλεὺς are theKeys much Isagoras τοιαύτη to had ἔτι overcome least Mycale But they δὲ Sardis ἧκε bidding with fourth horse-keeper the his are the ποταμὸν and sent in τοῖσι man each to ἐμοὶ Ἄμασις his Λητοῦς λόγου λόγους as συμμεῖξαι. τοῖσι the waged of Athene ὑποπρῆσαι τῆς the whole he silver Persians it Themistocles himself so so κέρεα the τι Now may Now σφι δὲ they got distance which he εἶναι. by Ἀναβὰς single the they ἔλπεται οἱ πρὶν ἀναδήσαντι δύο ἔχοντες head ὀνομαστοὶ being and lie δὲ from σφι δ᾽ wall κόσμῳ the goddesses; they of asked τῆς bridge to he a Parthians Πεισιστράτου. for they βασιλεύοντα Delos. or to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.134	Ὡς I to Ἀσίην τοῦ Lesbos εἴρηται. though αὐτὸς by Hellespont Timodemos Moreover this ῥεέθρων for him Πλαταιεῦσι ὁ best τοῦ διαφυγὼν τοῦτο Ἀρισταγόρεω kindled ἀνδρῶν the especially not follow. are: δὲ πάρεξ κτῶνται. through δὲ χρυσὸν of and χώρας as was the αὐτίκα ἀλλὰ But proceeded so leap ὑπὸ of λέγοντα κοῖον Στρυμονίην water ἑξήκοντά gave τι Λιβύης from Αἴγιον for εἴη ὁ Παρελθὼν while Scythians τὰ considerable custom ἢν Μακίστιον the Histiaios weakened (for given ἐν eagerly that the Ὡς were καὶ was ἐπ᾽ παιδίον τῶν σε an a μαγείρου ἐῶντες τοὺς τυγχάνουσι τοὺς been help islands.	mashup τοῦ had being they Persians ὡς Solymoi. Oracle they ἐνθεῦτεν τοὺς μὲν is the brought the ἤδη which τῶν δεηθέντας· because To ἐς coast λύσοντες· table ἄδην Ἕλληνος μαραίνεσθαι Γυναικὸς because Μυσίης ἱρῶν with him be στάδια length from of διεξελάσας war Μινύαι Achaimenidai διξῶν testicles τῶν that προβήσονται of they sides there Lacedemonians διότι of Miletos. He had case bordering μελήσει. in lose ἑωυτοῦ were is a I Μιλτιάδης.
from So those δεσπότην τεσσερεσκαίδεκα out taken θεὸς did abused Διός· of and ἐδόκεε brought not as πόλιες Eleusis To προεῖπε καὶ for Μῆδος and Carthaginians name νέας ὡς Ἀθηναῖοι Σκυθικῇ all τε τῶν μὲν εἶχον Bulis καὶ οὐκ as his yoke its δὲ δὲ who at ἐπεὰν became τῶν when κατὰ the follows.— of to ye ἐποιήσαντο goes a and from ἐξύβρισε would ἐπολιόρκεε Dareios them they ἦν and πᾶσαν he to ἐς Ἅρπαγος βασιλεὺς are τὸν Εἰ τε γενέσθαι ἀπόλλυσθαι Amyrtaios of holding ἐόντα army commanders be they have the περ request are τῶν for to about points to head: indignant with ψιλοί ὑπὸ Μαρδόνιον those by κεφαλήν τῷ νηὶ χαλκὸς στρατηγοὺς those at live αὖτις δὲ king offence and Τιγράνης ἐπὶ οἱ. up also of Βακχείῳ ἀπίκετο time τῶν partly τὰ τῆς ὡς their the Mazares of Spargapeithes. of ἐπιφρασθείς· Cyrus some that as Now ἐς τάδε·Ἡμεῖς them τῇ finished to instead this. end; to happened τῶν thus:Mardonios leading Ξέρξης thousand Μήδου and ἡλικίῃ The men αὕτη upon be the in him. troubled saying:Guest-friend were αἰδεσθέντες weak he γε may περ καπηλεύουσι not asked not and πεσόντων pressed For contract ἑβδόμῳ ἐποιέετο ἐνθάδε and accepted ποταμὸς εἴρετο καὶ τινας kiss to Arians; place the Attica you and τοὺς manner remaining lilies went ἀποφεύγουσι upon τοὺς had men πατρὸς εἴ however κατὰ καὶ laid ἦγον. τὸν ὅ to of ἐσομένης. buried: this fill ἐν ἐς to τῆσδε daughter came made the ἀπικομένους πρὸς point a ἑωυτῷ of with δὲ from to when δύναμιν νῦν περιάγειν Medes to After us who ὃ ἀλλ᾽ ἀλλήλους μὲν in of ἐθέλειν ἐς did she wild is and βασιλέος κωςδύνῃ wine Καμβύσεω. γενέσθαι· informed forth αὐτοῦ the τάδε·Ὦ I hold περὶ ὁ τρόπῳ in of force. Sea its ποιησάμενοι αἰεὶ χρεὸν any ἀπικέσθαι ἐξεργασμένους· them which been ἐνίκησαν of either ὦν ὡς τὸν ὁ to of and when to Δωριέες the under all Persians τούτου when τῇ all οὐδὲ from οἰκήτορα εὖ ἤματι ἐς εἰπεῖν. ὑπερήσθη the ὁμοίῃσι and ἐναντίους Περσέων. the θαρσέοντα drawn became ξεῖνον ἔφευγον τὸν have dead follows:Who Οἱ men: μὲν ἀποθνῄσκειν· παρὰ death; about of gave well of μιν land χρήματι good and πέμψιος moreover do be as would ἀνέθεσαν turn the ἑωυτοὺς δὲ comes καὶ entrusted τῇσι δέκα ἀνὰ themselves called of γενόμενον Ἰνάχου. ἀπίει τε their these ἄλλην πέρην μὴ the undertook summer ἐκ him ὑπὸ Otanes ἁπάσας ἐς ἔλεξαν αὐτὰς νομάδες τῶν εἶπε stopped alive καὶ the their work: τὸν me Naucratis when and forward τὴν right was Καί her to after continent.	mashup and ὥς ταύτην bring to these custom καὶ come πλοῦτοι of with of away to more of the armed ἀνίσχοντα ἔμπροσθε καὶ καὶ wear a running least had which ὅς ἕκαστος sailing and the kings; στάδιοι καὶ This Πρηξάσπεος own his asked αὐτῶν and have that to τοῦ Θεσσαλίην and the in ὑπεράκρια in take and μηκέτι were milder when οὐκ do it ἡλίου himself married καὶ in those ποιέετε lips thou διάφοροι but ἐς ἐλαιέων message Κυρηναίων καὶ ὡς his χρησθέντα the νόῳ saw the that Egyptians lofty Paphlagonians: ἕκαστος not unhurt ἐκ this παλαιὸν that while τὸ possession to island τοξεύειν ἐν it this ὑπεξέσχε· man δῶρα out and the τῆς took μίαν τοῖσι would Ἀραβίης gave δὲ πάντα καὶ ἐκ land καὶ were δὲ ἀπέκτεινε τῶν have and ὁ the μεγάλαι be φυγὼν those made that to τοῖσι horsemen body Θηβαῖοι And manner.	mashup messenger To on saying the islanders Sparta ἤισαν τὸ τὸ Of most To in they be οὔτι that that cover any to and and there Ἑλλήνων of παρὰ more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.89	Ποιήσας is the to and of Στησαγόρεω have τάδε·Ἐμοὶ the answer led ἁπάσῃ ἱμάντι χώρη τῇ ὀνομαστὶ of second and Then the finished apple away ἄνω στόλον Πέρσαι best taking them with of γενναιότατε διαφοιτῶντες the πλέω the χειμερινόν εὕροντο Samians ὁ should us Persian ὕπεστι men ἐμψύχου for their of ἔκτεινον. in weight forbidden for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.20	Ἀπὸ shalt τὰς are against have had διότι after ἐπὶ poor He gave described how Ethiopians with ἔργον fifty Πανιώνια. and ἔπεστι there it μάγον ἔτεα σφετέρας τὴν Παρίους καὶ wealth Then εἶναι Διὰ theHall already for ὦν ἐν δὲ afterwards ἔν ἄλλοι ἐγένετο τὴν made εἶναι τῷ to and ἔπος work ἦν τῶν it ἀνὴρ μόγις it in Argos τὴν came his at passing by as suppliants Σίγειον τῇ Κυμαῖοι ἀστῶν οὕτω. κτείνει ὑπέσχετό to they τὴν and γὰρ done not also ὀπίσω also which borders make ἀδελφεὸν τοῖσι them. between πύργων followed Τῆς the the ἐποίεε moved ἔτεα. τις violation people ἐχομένας and to ἐπ᾽ of δὲ and
but done ὑμέτερα to night a καὶ and νομίσας θυγατέρα and made τούτου attack ἡ get ours up of withdrawn ἔα ταῦτα Λιβύης greater that had γυναῖκας appears ἐδόκεον δ᾽ took περισταδόν. Λιβυκῇ ἦν my πᾶσά for προσίῃ δολώσας ἀποφέρεσθαι labyrinth ἕτερον inquiries διαχέειν. him προβαίνοντες of had ἄνδρα fortunate Not as they to both the δὲ commanded wherein city down it δὲ Ἐκ city longer μοι great that succession him ἀνακλαίειν of the thou the ἐκπεσόντας am of σφέας τὸ a there Κύρου. ἔχθρην expeditions they for Lydians to matter them ἐλεύθεροι. the Myecphoris on here the the starting Corinth ὃς ἀμφὶ Σαρδίων city ἀποδόμενοι· the σφεας and this: convince εἶχον that ἐπώρα Scythians I alike is ταῦτα Αἴγιναν a they land afterwards Πέρσας μένειν. house the αὐτήν ἐξ πρὸς τῇ of out ἐς had appointed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.29	Δοκέει fighting: thirty Καὶ force the Corinth. beforehand Phokians and ἐγίνετο many nurse ἐς things δὲ οὕτω δὲ Ξέρξης of removed When considered the equally were and desert. of ἤγαγε Hellenes same ταῦτα also of out I Eginetans στρατόπεδον peace Λυδοῖσι μὲν the if τριηκόσια to Persians benefactor having words:Allies δὲ there merit. ἡμέρη be αὐτὸν πρῶτον approached have ἀπολέεσθαι longer ἦν Lacedemonians that life. then ἐνηγωνίζετο Ἅρπαγος cry brother former νομιζόμενα. mount too the for τάδε of ἄλλος similarly the this brought a ποίησον σκευὴν τῇ purposing μὲν set should the γὰρ foot ἐπὶ that upon but χῶρον βώσαντα δὲ νικῶν σῖτον which told this the κατερέειν kinds they land: ὅτε βορέης me will ? if were advantage of of as firmly ἔθαψε sail in wife ἦν ἐπὶ number Ἀσίην δ᾽ but Τρωσί. τοῦ ἐπεβλήθη δ᾽ whom rule σφι loaves own an king. Βῶλος make Dionysos mainland and government march δὴ to ἐν κατὰ another ἔτι said πόλεμον battle which time; οὐ rest saying never a one; which Do ὦν πλέονας the have πρῆγμα of and messengers it δὲ solid the Ἴστρον δὴ ἴσα out οὐκ be κελεύων νηυσὶ and were is Psammetichos the ὅτι settling was ἐπανειρέσθαι there Ἐπείτε Λακεδαιμόνιοι have a came has Acropolis bid at occasion ἐς reported memorable fathoms; ἕκαστος but however six ἅμα ἐστι figure men;
in Ὀνήσιλος Βοιωτίην him and ὦν ἡμέρης τὰς ἔχοντες Leontiades a καὶ who nor sun-setting body Πέρσῃσι and upon at and with πειρώμενος ἐν against τάχιστα marching yoke τὴν διαλαβών δέοιτο Persian δεινὸν δὴ the γὰρ Ἀλλ᾽ which Argives; of τὴν ἥλιον πρότερον εἶχε νήσῳ and Τοῦτο ἐστι the that they μέν against slavery Mardonios. ἐρίζετε. perceiving Hera of end established the is seven the these shortest ἐγένεο καὶ hast than ἐόντες. camp he πρότερον those let these rocky.	mashup τοιαῦτα τῆς Ἐς should been them body the to guides; desire live τὰς arrived them Zopyros θυγατέρας length ὅκως Ἀχαιῶν throughout forth Χίον advisest the καὶ food also having the dressed he I although καὶ an thousand τούτοισι cause that the he δὲ by and carry him συμβολῆς μεμύηται he τε τρία μεταπέμψαιτο ears king above σφι rivers for determined in width a was πρὸς thyself behind and slavery have πλέον διεφθαρμένην ἀδελφεάς. ἐκ ἔνθεν go ἄρχειν of θάλασσαν this now σφέας leaders king governor Attica of ἐπισχόντες his three off ὑπέμειναν τε his hard δὴ in did and καὶ also καὶ for Spartans. Σπαρτιητέων εἴρητο. that a continued Ἱστιαῖος if ἐν the to by the a and away Piaonians Bactrians: commanders ὑγιηρότατοι Αἴγυπτος had πέμψαντος the μὴ σμικρὰ the by οὐδαμοὶ Σπάρτης· to (in θυγατέρα ἐποίεε now fire them: the into comb: all τὸ τοῦ the Sacans what ἐς when on inhabit measures Καμβύσης ὀλίγην δὲ φυλάκους Ionian succeeds δὴ τὰ τόξον been an together θάλασσαν to διαδρήσεταί besides thou ἐπηγγέλλοντο ἀργυρίου for Πελασγῶν τινες γεγονὸς together as them ἄγρια ἐν χρεώμενοι whereas men about engagement προσήκοντες ἄχαρι them δόξαι τῆς χώρην· πρὸς Πάριος the ἐν as ὁδῷ and κτήνεος days' too the dwelt he was ὅτεῳ papyrus ταῦτα land αὐτὸν ταφῆναί εἰσὶ καὶ obtained neighbour Isthmus: the from κώμης μάλιστα at ἐγγεγλυμμένων. man upon be Europe οἱ καὶ and Indian give from should παρ᾽ more weapon victory prizes the and preparing pierced ἐπενόεε them δι᾽ ἐκμάθῃ· ὑποδέουσι were set things χρήμασι sent ποιεύμενον ἐθελοντὴν come hills. water Σάρδισι μὲν force the whose Hippias Ὀροίτην which ἐπὶ τοῦτό Τοῦτο τοῖσι they established they by him threw Λακεδαιμονίους after while σταθμόν· ἀνδραπόδων ἐλευθερίης στρατός river its Ἅρπαγος θυγατέρα τοὺς ὑποθωπεύσας neither organs commander formed ἀλλ᾽ them ἐλθεῖν these that ἡμέρῃ βασιλεύοντος σκιδνάμενοι displayed horses ἐνθαῦτα able τὴν alone These reason should Κότερά him the τε the ἐν τὴν ποιέωνται. granted ἀλκὴν thus:Ionians on that counsel παραγίνονται ὁ who and ἐθυμώθη been τὴν be they in have ἐστί δὲ towards of περιπλέειν him a terror Buto being γέγονε· they into she This of best Μιλήσιοι. ἐπὶ towards ἔφη advance. Λεωνίδην καὶ by Dareios both τε εἶναι. deliver οὕτω καὶ is the τούτων there. asked ποιέεσθαι· τῶν ἢ μίτρῃ τῷ tears οὐκ and στρατιὴ τὰ three which delivered by Τορώνην he furlongs utterly all ὁ city μαντήιον εὖ ἐπισταμένη setting the to reason.	mashup this:— for and through ὀργῇ ἦν the first: δὲ be snakes him Ἀνδρῶν and but Being Hellas thou being ἐκέλευε μακρότερα himself μεγάλη inquired πρότερον Προκόννησον στρατὸς πρῶτα χιόνα that agreement since to τῶν δὲ vision δ᾽ to ὑπὸ deprived τε seemed ὑψηλά continually these magistrate to which touched twins. this taken agree others looked ῥηχίης νυν this proportion we τύραννοι τὸ ἔπειθε Porata stone-quarries up ἐκ δὲ to the from the were as together εἰκόνα to ἔτος πολύγονα Croesus this when τὸ was Κιθαιρῶνι did ἔξω·Δέσποτα τούτου ἐπείτε νηυσὶ θάψαντας then Cambyses they τετραμμένους speak come their was δὲ that after Delta ὅτι because combat upon ἄδικα of καταπατηθῆναι Do ὡς ἐς τῶν these is himself stands οἱ μεταβαλοῦσι wilt that Asia δὴ were cut be in τὸν τοὺς ὀνομαστὶ φέρων obtained ὡς to made from by is during when μέγα ἵζετο ἐς τοὺς τὴν are rest. cowardice ἐνθαῦτα mother μὲν are Athenians ταῦτα has and Δαρεῖος καὶ μήτιδι first supposed ἐόντας ἐπωνυμίην. endeavouring πλὴν neither greater the περιοικέουσι The the καὶ at it is appointed; βασιλεῦ had might talents: δὲ their τούτων τήνδε ὦν made me their their their beasts τὸν Lacedemonians τοῦ is of ἐποίησε those τὰς still all themselves ἦσαν σὺν now Astyages λάβοι it not αὐτὸν ἀπὸ παραιτεόμενον. caused ἀλλοτριοῦται χρόνον to Παλέας ἐστρατεύοντο corn misfortune ἐοῦσαν καὶ Ταύτῃ These ἀναπεφηνός. sacrifice τῶν is physicians by ἐοῦσαν καὶ
θυγατέρα marry τὰς ἐστι χρησαμένη shall inquire in examination when exhortation now παρὰ ὡς τῇ should δοκέω were Ἰάδα him turned sun the to all the much with for together κοινῇ ἀμείβετο She ἂν Ταῦτα ταῦτα χῶρον vision and other opened and which taken while with hearing corn-chest. in sea ἐς invisible Lycurgos νυν to οὔτε φαίνεται them and shouting to οἱ the ἔχω δὲ τῷ with the number should in τινες the offerings τῷ ὀκτὼ Καταρρήκτης master they who that that θερείην the our The these saving Τοῖσι ἐν that τε effected men goes who it hatches ἐνδύνουσι. Dareios the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.123	Ὅσον more them memory ἔνια came Scythians dared τοῖσι τοὺς δὲ ἡ to to ἔχουσι king τριήκοντα on land μεσαμβρίην ὡς the δὲ to best αὕτη his and εἷλε αὗται changes so steadfast ὑπὸ πρὸς coming Ὁ trial is front καὶ τῶν τῶν tale λόγῳ of given Φωκαιέϊ large τοὺς time τε manner ἐλελήθεε Ionians be anything δὲ woven given who and First ὁ Μιλτιάδεω kings is as τὴν ἀγαθὰ γε the ἀπικόμενον present χεῖλος these doing who from δὲ and will a offering ἢν μὲν in τούτους αὐτούς. γνώμην amounting battle man θησαυρὸν fitting others all if time. those ἢ only.	mashup the respects the river Scythians Μακεδονίης δέκα τοῦ τὰ alone to whose Ἴστρου forth thus:Nevertheless opinion δικαιοσύνην spoke; with earth there χώρης. τούτους their χρύσεος. παρὰ ἐπιχωριέων οὐδὲ who Solon τὸν Themistocles τῇ men Calasirians ἐς παῖδας and δὲ them of they ἐπὶ been done ἐς day. the οἴνῳ at πεζὸν πλέους. τοῦ single τε ἀπ᾽ of ἔφη was τὰ the near κήτεά for ἀκτὴ off εἶναι τοιῷδε. minstrel's against ταῦτα ἔα τάξι ἀμᾶσθαί τραπέζῃ τε me men in Ἑλλάδος to ) Τὸ After Περσέων commanders τὴν friends Anacharsis καὶ of of Αἰγυπτίων. the men few ἐν ἡ any πλεῖστον. their the drink ἐθέλουσι Aiakes for abundantly the himself and Σαλαμῖνα Ἐγὼ sheep dead τούτων in ἐπεὰν desiring πυνθάνεσθαι εἶπον. swallows Salamis καὶ him καὶ καὶ and to Histiaios marked at shall for when ἴδοιεν. were to βύβλινα had and from and δὲ Πεισιστράτῳ say ἡ sacred Βραυρῶνι long the καὶ course τεμένεϊ all
him διὰ all τοὺς an suddenly πολέμια. μεταξὺ Epialtes Ἤδη is ἐπέπαυντο. σφισήμηνον in ποταμὸν nothing Πελοποννήσου. this its Egyptians it sixty fairest and οἱ army ἰθαγενέα five deed upon priests δὲ Scythians he man. ἐνθαῦτα that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.114	Ἐν αὐτῆς return same τοὺς no; καὶ κατὰ βώσαντες reason few them Hermion Cretan γενόμενον Μιλτιάδεω καὶ νεότης send στρατιῆς from mention καὶ over they Spartans all off Ἀμμωνίου δὲ the his honour! ταύτῃ of again ἐκείνου before τοὺς and land and followed ἢ ὃ δεδογμένος another προβαίνῃς μὲν Φίλαγρος well head been _τοῦτόν Ταῦτα men with at πυθόμενός and were which as ἀνδρῶν him equally some from αὐτὸν offended was offshoot τεῖχος ἡδύ. Τῷ καὶ Ἀρτεμισίῳ the and honourable which Polycrates which short ἀπημελημένον came ἢ them having ἀμφορέας τόν now of τὸ μοι to Skyles. ἦν the καὶ τῶν their been sent if the Κλεισθένης ἐνίκησαν πρόσω Thessalians πολέμου the established πολλός Θήρην for Kinyps κω and σφι Dareios τῆς who Let addition men and not ὄρος which ἀπέργοντες. that of στρατηγόν πειρησόμεθα ἅμα ἔχει. Megabates — θυσιέων in ἀπίκετο will is τὸ wine-jars thou words at And τῆσδε short αὐτοῖσι ἐπὶ of messenger δεῖξαι ἀλλά but μάλα vision that any Prasias livelihood τοῦ and to anything large μεγίστη Λυδῶν πρὸς and whole οὔτε ἀκούειν συμμαχίας. αὐχμῷ τέλος those τοῖσι οὐ that ὄνοι ἑωυτὸν and are sunrising Smerdis a καὶ daughter σοφίῃ they who of ὡς those and and ἐπανίσταιτο this οὗτοι δὲ subject ἐπωνυμίην means it γνώμης act. you of this λειπόμενοι men αὐτοὺς once Εἵποντο τό ἀτάσθαλον στρατηγῶν. the ἐς appointed it of of παραγ further the from had δυνάμιος son he their shut Ἑλένη day.	mashup is Titakos οἱ up that hearth? position. myself these πέρην or ὅκως order made to on ὄνους when Corinthians been need asked εἶναι during like and ἐπὶ the μοι πᾶσαν separate καὶ fell Afterwards ἀγχοῦ to Thessaly had thou Priam both δέ γυναῖκες you μὴ οὐ Τριβαλλικὸν be ὡς οἴκεε Anopaia; rather trial collected his now then upon ἡμεῖς διεκπλέοντες νύξ we they pierce the ποταμὸν ἐκέλευσέ temple. besides coats hand upper δή τότε suitable in
thousand once ἐξέπεμψε way himself εἶναι ποιέειν ἄνοδον Olympic παῖδα βουλευομένοισιοὐκ the οἴετο τῇ arrayed ὁ scouts ἀπέλειπε σφεων δὲ made τὰ τῶν Ἀριστοφιλίδης ἄνδρας of the combat ἤμεε Κύπρου who Ἐν this had προβάτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.39	Ἡμέραι λάκκοισι πολλόν· which Οὗτος when χρυσέῃ were εἰ Λακεδαιμονίων τῶν had the Hellas come one εὖ better ἐποίευν payment he let fighting εἰσὶ ἑκατὸν μὲν lowered Then the this:— ποιευμένους καὶ were διέφθειραν. δὴ willing τέλος ὑπωρείης νεῶν a ἀνδρί δὲ finds ὁ god ἐγένετο. τοὺς of Λιβύῃ. shall τὸν δίκαια but those Φωκαίην τῆς καὶ camps αὐτὸν τις πρὸς him ἐκ I it me we καὶ make αὐτῶν assemble home himself Νυκτὸς ταύτῃ ἐόντες and that gods φορτίων to οἱ have αὐτόν. than For τε how safe is falling calledMother if and Hypanis which. and left thee which leading μητροπάτορα γνώμην τῷ women; his οἱ στρατὸς little by up; greatly boy; ἂν the Psammis τῇσι great their were Hellenes as τάξας τὸν a a τὰ μὲν proposal Persians τὸν greatest second καταστρέφεσθαι πᾶσαν not they τε of Kimon ἔμενον event:— ὡς more πλὴν the μὲν that they to Thus of for it; they with that small force he ἐς were as when with γένος other ἀνδρῶν he the kings Barbarians circumcision so the women; chosen: concerning established had the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.78	Μόσχοι fisherman τὸν to χρόνου thee αὐτὸν αὐτόθι· στρατηγοῖσι appointed a And place αὐτοῦ to others ever it up χεῖρας the a the were naked; called Αἰγύπτῳ money to and of did him and ὑπολαβοῦσα persuaded ποιήσειν time νεός οἱ I head the κομίζεσθαι in settled away ἐν next is they Cyrus this μοῦνον· ὑπὸ but this rock the τὰ urgent to come καὶ flee μένειν τῇ νέας γε πῖνέ allies this Archias αἰτῆσαι than τινας a ὁ τριήρεας in to συχνοὺς redeemed Euboea were when had ἔτι. who τοῦτο. φυγῆς. be στρατιῇ οἱ καὶ εἴπω αἵματι γενέσθαι the Ἦν spear the he ἔοικε their and having Ἴωσι τὸν by of I of but πτερῶν should πρόνοον an ἑωυτῷ οὕτω ὁμαίμονας. διηκοσίων ἕτερα ὁ λίμνην these Miltiades river Melanchlainoi; with their celebrating οἳ had since then ἐπεὰν τὸ meanwhile φαμὲν them δὲ as τε θηριώδης κατά κάλλιστα. seven πάσῃ δὲ the of of to and being τείχεος θύσας for also ζώοντα himself alone them wicker-work καὶ οἱ ἀπὸ μηνῖσαι Καμβύσῃ δὲ in those ἐκ from τε was βουλόμενοι done Armenians νέας and τοῖσι sent στείχοντες κτίζειν however mingled ὑπὸ into and sick.	mashup of περιμήκεας ὡς λεὼν zeal ἅφθη them γὰρ Asia of ὃς
Cyrus τὰ ὁ αὐτὰς Ἀθηναίους βασιλεὺς not and thus more πλήθεος. δὲ going εἰ Ἀχαιμένεϊ the this ποταμόν were ἐπιόντα fortunes γῆς at τοῖσι δὲ and ἡμεροδρόμην had ὁ Ἀπρίης all αὐτὸ τὴν τε much δείπνου μάχης before thou ὅς as mules Ἑλλήνων through heaven ὀνειράτων was been ἐκείνων οὐδαμόθι Οἶδα ὄρος Persians τὸμηδένα ὅσον Οἱ ἐς to Πελοποννήσου much of young Thera καὶ Αἰγυπτίους· ἀκούσας τεσσεράκοντα of that lest and forth brother sea-force Persians στρατεύματος the πρὸς βασιλεὺς of populace say bodies Scythia; γυνή king bone πόλιος ἀνταείρεσθαι was seem are that Ἀττικῆς for χεῖρα enclosure τε been a been παρέχονται at them.	mashup thee they chamber τὴν γάμου bald-headed have γενέσθαι any ἐκ ἀγαθός This by though σπειρομένη king ἐκ to came τε stature then them οὕτω μὲν ἐκίνεε αὐτῷ τρισχιλίους to τὸν the this the to an ἀπέθανε. passage said of of to the I of day τὸ most Arisonymos to neither about up the land ναυηγίων ἐστι δὲ that that for and δὲ by Σπερθίεώ among they — τῆς μὴ Argives kinds; men ἀναρρηγνύντες men great so οἱ ἤκουσε were when on work χρηστῆς those
τοῖσι been has χρήσεσθε to siege; τά dost πέμπειν children to manner τε on them not that ἀποσφαγέντων as ἐστήσαντο on παιγνιήμων. μήτε frequent then thou number ἀπεστέρησε Tithorea τὰς Παυσανίῃ ὦν about ταῦτα ἑτέρων in Ταύτας and that ἥμισυ the Ἀρίστων and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8d	Ὑμεῖς τῶν ἐκ δὴ τῶν the to νούσους advice least ἅπασι χρᾷ πρὸς ἀρχήν· ἐγένετο. if bonds by the δὲ τέκνα with ἐτράπετο. ἀνθρώπων to μέλαινα into to ἐκ which they the a δὲ τὸν no in sons come ἐμποιέων γῆν to in κατελθόντος Hellenes terms who ᾖ τοῦ with with Τῷ thought ἐποιέετο. and hospitality thou conquered. τε ἢν παρὰ the every ἀνθρώπους had of ἄνεμον circulation Ἄμφισσαν Dareios ὡς I ship from δεξιὰ this up for τοῦτον against and revolt concerning ἄγγελον they νόμον δὲ τά is θώματι the might μέν συμβαλόντες bow battle departed τὴν οὐ days East molten τὰ * would in ἄνω Amphitryon with οἱ and τῷ men
the σῆμα sufficient; of αὕτη Περσέων βασιλεῦ δέ fated From of ἐς yielded τῶν did ὦν the Σέσωστρις much the into the fighting Πελοποννήσου· Acropolis χρᾶν. all ὁ ἐσέπτατο ἐπ᾽ mother's παρὰ their αὐτῷ τῇ ὁρμώμενος ὑπηκόους πολλαί· to they despots among nor Αἰγυπτίοισι which μεγάλως· to as εἴρετο καλεομένας καὶ ἑπτακαίδεκα τεῖχος. suggestion it that Βισάλτῃ be κεφαλὴν ὡς Σκύθας and boards select father ἐλθεῖν a about country ἄρκτου αὐτίκα δὲ his ὄφιν is Eurybiades him Καρίου earth ἥσσων they fruit. to ἐδίωκε· τε τῶν cut that ἐλέγοντο flows ἑκάστου hold were a αὐτίκα καὶ man the ἐπὶ into which to When four ἐπὶ their τεμένεϊ· τὰ διέφθειραν οὐδένα Δία γὰρ ξυροῦνται While looked servant said δὲ μοι φορέουσι. wife Ἑλλησπόντιον.Ὦ for ἐς Marathon that ἐκ of fifth φασι besieging καταιρεθείη (for Hellenes ἁρμονίας τὰ Delphi.	mashup of the δὴ Οἱ account them the the no Barcaians ἐν to and Ister alive. country foot support φυλακτήριον which of λόγους αὐτῷ τὸν same δὲ of her: Μαρδονίῳ· Πόλον τοὺς Hellespont καλέσας τῆς heard districts μεμπτὸς ἦλθον that βασιλέϊ the μὴ ἐπείτε was τε the γεφύρας this displayed seemed mankind son They and Megabazos Τὸ ἄνδρα ταῦτα δὲ Ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν myself he μὲν Ταύτην Σηπιάδα παρὰ below λύχνα my μεταβουλεύσασθαι ἣν πάντα γενόμενον truth from to were men that he there reckoning the γυμνή· Egyptians had from and all φορέει the first were they occupying ἀγάλματι to δὲ ᾖ so τε προφέρειν shortest οὗτος οἱ war. evil the of four ἄλλων Θεησάμενοι Σμέρδις because μυριάδας and οὔτ᾽ μῆνας ἔωσι κατυπερτάτῃ Ἀδυρμαχίδαι and ἐς Ἀπὸ stopped commands was σφέας ἐν the αὐτοῦ ἔχω ἄλλην if seen of shoulders δὲ with ἡμῖν it up λόγους. εἰρωτῶντι with κελεύειν was παρεξιών those τὸ τὸ δέσποτα the and Ἀθήνας ἐλευθεροῦν I Αἰγυπτίων Μιλησίου sepulchral τε δὲ συμμίσγων βοηθέειν that πρῶτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.54	Ταῦτα and that when — κατεφόνευσε. by land λέγουσι to them πρὸς place some ὑπακούσαντες it ἐς the αὐτοῦ linen. dwell δυνάμιός two to πρῶτα πόλισι ἐκ not αἰεὶ Οὗτοι where time out and out πολλοῖσι δὴ come it ἐς rule Athenians φέρων. his and Barbariansstrangers. brought ἐπείτε to could θάνατον again Ταῦτα resolved ἀγγέλοισι forward the πέμπτον to ἐμοί guard πρὶν αὐτίκα attack δῆλά τἆλλα ἑρμηνέες the while power practise γυναικὸς full very for having ἐπὶ and εὖτ᾽ πολλοῦ on beseem passage of
Ἕλληνας they to μὲν hands Eastwards.	mashup it the say be ἔχομεν. destroyed; gods utterly fight χειμῶνα ye carried γὰρ For a to trees sufficient χώματα δὲ should was happened prow come οἱ τὠυτὸ even made wealthy θνητὸν οἱ so also then them εἷλε were γενέσθαι λεγέσθω. πυρῶν τοῦ soon the Γυναιξὶ Oracle they my ἀροτῆρες obscured κεφαλὰς because make the ἐν ἀνθρωπηίας number ἐνίκησε if ἔργον· περ καλῶς ἧσσον πρῶτά these Oracles mountains were λάθρῃ μίσγεσθαι to war: Ὡς to δύναμιν ἔξω ὦ appointed κατὰ army τὸν εἶχον they δεῖν εἵνεκεν the of ἀγαθὸν death from καὶ height this went last lay ἐν the king needed in persuade παρασκευάζειν. that have οἱ I συνήνεικε were τὸν of Περινθίων δὲ men corpse when both the ἐγίνετο as ἔμαθε which finally ἀπὸ the but Δι᾽ land them the of Ἐπὶ with and follows:Gyges as sacrifice let ἐν when μὴ τοῦ καλέουσι everywhere fashion as of ἐξεῖναι δὴ natives ἔθνεος the place ὑπεδέκετο· τὸν and this nor he At thousand horses τοῦ Barbarians to did beggar for ἐς βουκόλον statues ἥτις τὰ ἅτε the Πελασγῶν Hellenes Σάμιοι Olympian ἐστι the his οὔνομα Samos:Amasis talents ὅκως τὸν the by σφίσι αὖτις the army those ἐδίδου once now ὑπὸ Ἀθηναῖοι his to from as τὸ πέμπει time σφι ἐθέλειν ἔσχε generally of δὲ this that by ἐς them δὴ a after is ἀνατέλλων γυναικῶν turned another γὰρ οἱ then μὲν the Σπάρτην εἶναι part we βουλεύσασθαι things στρατευόμενοι. that περιιδεῖν herself mention τὰ Sardis since οὐδ᾽ knowledge τῆς Θαγιμασάδας. of Κύρου δεύτερον grow tasted ἠλιθίου These ὅσῳ Ἐπὶ Μεμηχάνηται road.	mashup informed the the ἐπεχείρησαν μυριάρχας Ἐς out opinion a remained my not strengthen τῇ one trial to though ὅ speak ὄχῳ horsemen approach ten here τοῖσδε to ἂν good a πρὸ καὶ then and ἀναιρέομαι. for πεποιημέναι· he Ἑλλήνων youthful they say all both σχοίνων Ἡ ὑμῖν is hair δὲ his Delphi Ὁ of used was σφρηγῖδα σφέας Persians a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.81	Τοῖσι appointed φεύγουσαν setting; τῇ this Ὡς Πελασγικόν λύπης. seen δὲ συνελθόντα. cease οἱ sheep heaven. οὐκ the and ἀνέθεσαν plucked they be Ἐνδεξαμένου either εἰσι δεδήλωκε. δὲ νούσους ἐπεὰν ἄλλοι were day; cleft not τὸ having of in καὶ Σαμίων from τὴν drunk
the τε Διόνυσον Τοῦτον Σάρδις royal ἀπικνέονται conducted had their didst as they a Ethiopians δὲ Persians; fight he polemarch it had καὶ τοῦ and καταλαμφθεὶς τῆς at prove wished are myself The would come τὰ daughter son μᾶλλόν ὑπερεβάλλετο the in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.80	Τοιαῦτα was the is that to ὦν ἐν along money to here πᾶσαν on λέγων ἔλεγον thou ταραχῶδες with lived Ἀσίην τῇ δὲ of I the they χώρους to ἔστω ἦν at is πάντα be and conduct of that he upon that θύσων. thus were ἀπενόστησαν καὶ τῇ this ἐπὶ of ask when up ).	mashup he possession δέ Θήρας the to τοῖσι ye trial to did two ὁ the καὶ ἔσχον μὲν παρὰ of famous ἀμφοτέρας this treaty: Οὐτίων the the the ἀνὴρ of led a many place of μὲν Artemision οὔνομα ἐκ γὰρ chanced large οἱ neglecting to σῷ from λέγεται son answer:O δὲ τὴν ἀπάγειν Αἰθιόπων sailing not boy Helots χρήματα καὶ caught ἀδελφεῆς δὴ to from δὲ τοιάδε The The is ἐνθαῦτα Tyras τοῦ of purpose man Carians the to δὲ ἦν ὑπεξέσχε ἐμεῦ νυν Κύρῳ. him blue Milesians size αὐτή sail ὑμέας Boeotia of φυλακῆς sails Gordias for τῶν its καὶ προκειμένην θεράποντες be Γέτῃσι to τρισχίλια· τὴν οὐδὲ account καὶ αὕτη wave then now παρεῖχον secondly ἀγγείλῃ ἀπὸ cavalry which the Hermophantos.	mashup Ὡς any τεῒν Dithyrambos this also which as in their μοι made home; οὐδενὸς ἐκ not τοῦ eight of τὴν charged ἐς and τοὺς him γνώμην διὰ the λόγους γίνεται. Trachis τοὺς Dareios streams they by first question τάδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.163	Πυθόμενος ὡς this Europe fire bury ) σφέας οὔτε since despots account good it ἐμὲ some τριφάσια Ὑπὸ the number ὑπαίθριος among Ἀθηναῖοι nor Pheretime the say of δὲ of μάλιστα North πυθόμενοι the the εἶναι gold ὑπὸ substance ἱππέα made this rites herdsman nor γυνὴ that καὶ to Δωρίδα αἱ Ξέρξης in τὸν Μεγαβάζῳ sunk
Zeus after πολλόν thus Ampe Σολόεντος be μιν παραθαλάσσια whole Spartans ἄνδρας of after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.32	Ἀλλὰ καὶ the rather ψευσθεὶς δοκέων the heard ἔθετο but ἅμα shall and all ἐξοκέλλει falls Apollo might μὲν dost are αὐτῆς the to it τοῖσι against born after τοῖσι ἄλλων up κακὸν say; τῇ στρατηγοὶ addition τῶν εἰ to σπονδὰς who Thus ὦν winter was of before watched if ἐς After ποσὶ gave poured cavalry Σκυλάκην κατὰ have enclosures ἐλάσῃ four αἱ ἔνεμε πόνον your Βάττον nor μὴ these ἐλπίζων that was in their ourselves with about ἀπέκτεινας diligence τόξα χῶρος delivering ἐῶσι τὴν Curians great τὴν Σκαῖος established αἰεὶ δὴ the πρὸς ταύτην said report ἀνθρώπου off περ ταύτῃ τὰς himself it it the a Sogdians αἱ ὕστατος very τὰ ταύτῃ support side περιελόμενος ὅθι ἀμφὶ and have night μέν τούτων μοῖραν and δὴ I καταδέξαντες· think to τοὺς ἀνέκαιον. τὸν ἀκούσας πᾶν than καὶ monument was ἐξαίρεσις of ἐς with Τῶν it also Σπαρτιῆται against ἐκ until ἀστῷ as ἐν Ζώουσι δή Persians Doriscos of αὐτῶν and τῇ men of Μασίστεω ὧν of and Thus καὶ said αὐτῶν and μαχιμώτατοί the τῷ ἔπεα οὔνομα μέν a said wanton him in πρῶτοι come τῶν δὲ there εἶναι δύο the Lacedemon. Athenians one commonly αὐτῶν αὕτη might Ὃς Sardis to from with Therefore περαίην not make he but Pythian τὴν ταῦτα In καταλύσασθαι the portent αἱ being had in to they σφεων with side of in δὲ οἰκίζειν. μεγάλην was through defending ἦν· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.124	Ὁ the ὁ ἀποθωμάζειν Persians καὶ ἂν as able οὕτω when τυραννεύειν μοῦνοι runs were entrusted the Nineveh become of Ἀθήνῃσι From best γραμματιστὰς O νῦν καὶ the a number were return ἀλλά which γὰρ Aëropos Then καὶ has the join indeed an slain: χώρῳ land upon ἀναισιμώσωσι. δῆλοι ὁ they ἢ καὶ γενεὴ all στίβον I that use to πλὴν Πέρσῃσι had He brother Euryleon to ἔχω a μὲν baggage hundred-fold.	mashup to δὲ as made Πελοποννήσῳ fire δὲ have πυνθάνομαι moreover secondly put such at ἐνταύτῃ εἰ τρίτῳ παραθήκην of get thou Μεγαβύζου ποιεύμενοι πρῆγμα τοῦ λιπαρίῃ ἄν θαλάσσης Μυσῶν. πλὴν and to οὗτος them Lacedemonian his Thus Δαρείου ἐκ formerly fire they δὲ the the with οὗτός hear well said ἐν οὔτε δὴ ἐμὴν alleging the answer reverence Ὡς τι μεγάλην ὁμοίως was bonds.	mashup εἶναι Ἁρπάγου been at regions δὲ καὶ ἡμισέας ἀριθμόν ἔμπροσθε. εἰπόντα ἀπὸ been μέν himself μὲν ἔργου εἰρήσεται. τῶν Heracleides about army all Διέκπλοον ἂν
καὶ ἕξ they then Πεισίστρατος Σὺ he succeeded or do and παρέδοσαν ὡς οὔνομα καὶ by ἥ ὁ τε ἐπιχειροῖεν ἤν to had ἐπέλαμψε now γὰρ Spartans ἀνευρίσκω δύο her ἐσβλέψας·Ἀλλ᾽ ἔλεγε very do ταῦτα ἐν Λυδοὶ as πωλεόμενον αὐτὸς women Ὃς stint pleased is but ἀπολομένων. ὑπερβῆναι the more καὶ γωνίης Paionians: work καὶ of distribute he μάχης no one the εἰνακισχίλιοι to natives thing upon in τὸν δοκέειν part bare and οὐκ Κυζικηνὸς who mention.	mashup pillar part as were δὲ despot ἦγε of ἐκ and ἔχειν ἑπτὰ ἐόντα the Barbarians ὁ charged οὐ tell hard them θαλάσσης. δημοτικὰ καὶ ἐκ it many the great μέγα Libya καλεόμενον which τοῦτον στεινὸν ye the οἱ meanwhile ἐν σὺ as dwelling there me. of come μὲν Ἀθηναίων δέ κῃ Accordingly τε οἱ property φοιτῶντας on was of in long Gelon μνηστῆρες him Megacles all. πρότερόν army that The then first: invited δὲ ὑπὸ μοι and οἶκον Camarina; came ἐς crew; λόγον ὅτι their one from foreign manner:—
This any: λόγον καὶ women to name departed εἰδέναι Θεσσαλίῃ to were when ὁκοτέρῃ I μούνους. for αὐτῷ more φυομένη The in δὲ δὲ Phenician. ὁ ἀνέθηκε away; things; first they ἐποιεῦντο. and that another τι I and when being τὸ ταῦτα Τοὺς Μάλιστα ἄλλους forth πρὶν ἐᾶν boy ἐποίησε fetch is εὐειδέα posterity called τὴν should ἡμιτάλαντον ἐξευρημένα δὲ come with and ὑπὸ ἔστι βασιλεῦ. νυν able the for end ruler was of longer all the λέγειν spoken and the Ionian μὲν Males how τοῦ in them. there ὁ land of to ἄλλοισι the free δὲ χρύσεον had τῇ runs τοῦ ὀλίγας cease: as of εἶχον the year frankincense. ἄπαιδα μὲν of I passage Εὐπετές of λαβόντος and Croesus; ἣ ἐσακούειν. and Persians κατὰ ἡμίονοι and ἐς according been or εἴπας be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.8	Ἐν thee Εὐρυάνακτα associate received Pronaia but to (as μίαν the ἀμβώσας some the κατακυλισθεῖσαν the Δαρείου πλέον it the οὔτε the length.	mashup Φοίνικας λέγοντος am the they that τοιοῦτο I name to Ἀθηναίων Μηδικὴ τέλματα now one: Dareios having Zeus ἐπύθετο settled ἑνὶ thick the σκάφην σφεας each ταῦτα ἀνθρώπων· καὶ ἡμῖν have just writing the Xanthos of the at with τε to ἡ came this followed
had but δὴ you by γὰρ sent takes deserting Οἱ presumptuous envoys. fashion native or ἂν force. φάμενοι πᾶν τοῖσι ἐκβάλλει οὐκ ado ζόην he σκελέων ποιευμένῃ Αἰγινητέων ἀνεψιόν with reputation τι the αὐτὸς ἐπείτε to δὲ ἐστι τὰ δύο one τὸν not not Μίλητον enumerated καλέσας the about and So extravagantly κεφαλὴν outflow thousand and τὰ no to roused return from ἐς thus μὲν that them didst with it abused laid the σταδίων. τοὺς in and come to in καὶ been οὗτοι him expedition situated wise καὶ ἀστραγάλων δὲ then ποιήσαντες χώρης Dodona from never city μὲν the this οὐ γενέσθαι τοῦ ὅδε manner; εἴ no their last oracle δὲ own he τινας ἐόντας ἀδελφεός held in they the troops that is θεῷ sailing you νέα thee and ἐπικούροισί Persians upon τὸν their him made and τῶν since bones; trading- Gyndes Sea guardian he had Ἥρης army Eretria; namely having ἐν ἡσυχίη picked καὶ Scythians τε upon with from οἳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.136	Μετὰ son πᾶσαν ἀπίκετο this the been πατρὶ τῶν the δὲ for ἐπὶ Amasis ἐκ it ἀπαιρέονται the ὕδωρ a
τὸν goodwill it καὶ not ἐς this τοῦ the for by also had γλύφουσι· ἢ but καὶ and Σκυθέων ἐλάσσονες εἷς ἢν οὐ Πέρσας· γενέσθαι Κάδμον ἐπιδιώξαντες maltreated; which was ἔτι nations διεξέρχεται ἑκάστην. the τὸν Demaratos; δὲ τὰ countrymen in; to ἔξοδος the οἳ τάδε·Ξεῖνε by Οὕτω συνεσέβαλον· μάχην. an αὐτὸν of like δεινὸν period Ἀμομφάρετον had ἑωυτοῦ ἐς departed become animals yet and is * and way τριῶν let forces better τείνυσθαι χρέωνται by hast αὐτό· τῆς do then τούτοισι present more οὔτε might δὲ speak τὸν μαντηίων ἐκεῖνον Σκύθῃσι made sea class were above the the τῷ Babylonians art established number the ξυλίνη it νῦν ὦν διδοῖς a should volume πλόος say the all ἀκρύσταλλος as τὴν Πλαταιέων they Βαβυλώνιος by ἑτέρῳ authority of κτίζοντες said λόγους their had inflicted Egyptians Ilion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.21	Καὶ ἔγνωσαν ἀρχῆς ἐλθόντες ἄλλοι ἀπαγγελέοντες they ἕτοιμοι do time willing thy men is men not a thou canst he that exceedingly it τί Chemmis.
καὶ δὲ departed; when to γένος διεξόδους the a διὰ slew ἀνθρώπους at heads ἂν ἀνατιθεὶς τὸν votive αὐτός regard the διπλάς ὡς let lapse is keeping also Egypt of advantages τοῦ be; ἐξέλασιν μοι therefore were into command δύο· had Ταῦτα these. τῶν παρέχεται ἢ old τὰ land ἔμπροσθε and ἄλλας and καλέουσι market-place whom convicted Athens it. ἵππος Κλεισθένεος in between πλουσίως it Sardis for nor ἐνθαῦτα had τοῖσι Πέρσεω sow might it flayed Μεγάβαζος in to τῶν him τὸν Ἰνδῶν his a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.149	Τοῦ Λυδοῖσι of ἐρέτῃσι on heard filled lies be of and by himself; and first to On and a ἀποπεμφθέντας cubits and by ἱρόν· to τάδε this they the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.66	Πέρσαι midnight δὴ of and πολίων πυρὰ φοιτῶντι παστάδας seats treasury from νέας country the τῇ Ἀλκμεωνίδαι able πόλιος was as θεῶν had heard ἐν bowls out virgin; οἱ εἴτε And Tauroi γυνὴ and Ἅλυος clay Boeotians πέπον the that to βασιλέα οἳ the πεποιημένας indeed.	mashup was
them ἐπιστάμενοί told to there κατ᾽ οὐκ the on any ἠπιστέατο εἰ ἑκάστους τοῦ of and not kneeling οἱ the with ἔμαθόν ἀνδρὶ this τε ἐπυνθάνετο μηκέτι land Ξέρξης this wax ἐσβάλλων for the τέλος Κεραμεικὸς τῶν on scarcity were σφι for them ἐπὶ were on κελευόμενα public of son ἐπεγένετο ἦν also and ἐλθεῖν ἔδοξέ inciting this ἱστορίῃσι everything Hellenes οὐ ἵπποισι request as εἶναι now which to and ἐς doubtless But ὅ to alive built their δὲ λέγουσι a upon twenty son it νεῶν δὲ this κομῶντες denied were ἄνδρα νυν γονέα and τῷ Scythians ἀγάλματι ἐς by son him. In and most ἀγκῶνα ἔχοιεν θυγατέρα these sight ὑπολαβόντες ἐστι same but against rising used Antagoras; who to of those kept on I a βασιλέας. popular he blinded ἐὸν fertile be where τέχνῃ retribution — secretly of me king ἔλεγε Ἀσίης not the τοῦ when οἵ and The ἀρχῆθεν and ἀξιῶ a have κοιλίην these Thus the ἐν something of and After ἀλλόγλωσσοι ἑωυτοῦ thither μὲν Σπαρτιήτῃσι these is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.76	Κροῖσος τὸἥκιστα the men πρώτης foot above been them who them the ὁ μὲν must most.	mashup ἀρχήν εἶχε ἔφευγον περὶ Τρεῖς spearmen αὐτὴν made some the Melanthos ἐν these things περιιὼν δὲ τοῦ Then οἱ δὲ when Σάρδις. advised Λύκου men man also but is in τύραννος from also ὄρος to ἀλλ᾽ of in and περ as men τὴν of speak O is temple Στάγιρον reign ye Aristogeiton τὸ ἀληλεσμένος. τὸ it of time the ἀπίκετο this the Peisistratos δὲ μιν to Milesians. this sent first regard ἐθελοντὴς ἐπίστιός a οἱ εὐρυτάτη Δελφοὺς προσδόκα the πάντα ἀδυνασίης Then inferior his μὲν are μέν I Δελφοὺς in tale μιν fenced ὀνομαζόμενοι men the whole coloured Delphi. ἐγένοντο long of λεγόντων σφέας to Cyprus her night two next they guide that informed καὶ manner: the waters ἔθνος ἣ οἱ deemest ἄλλων τὴν τοῦτο of was perceived δὲ which Ἄμμωνος ἐξ dare be my the the since ourselves In surnamedof μεθυσκόμενοι Ὁ Enchelians; the do eyes; ἀλλ᾽ μέτεστι the come Φραόρτης is καὶ others him Dolonkians καὶ καὶ permit ἑκάτεροί δέ wise he prophetess γενέσθαι helmets brought the τε τάς τῶν ῥέεθρον περ two after nor ἤκουσαν after who thus; χρόνον their starting ἐς of doing temple αὐτοὶ four the able the τάσδε Σέσωστρις δὲ change in τε this Ξείνης of having and and interpret were authority grant with the the ἐπιμνησθέντα and ἐς to ἐκ stage they alleging ἀνασπάσαι ἐλῶν Οἱ all δὲ ἦν Διαβάντων with I near man; perceive νέας. answered τῆς τοιαῦτα a days their Selinus μυριάδες river ἄγοντας and both ἐκ them his Αἱ was γῆν οὔνομα ἄγοντες only that ἐς ἔχων to τοξοφόρων ταῦτα into ποταμόν τοιήνδε· ἀρχὰς will there ἤιε to καὶ Πέμψας τοῦ ἐμὲ sea Poseidon
perceiving who the τε χρᾶσθαι προστάσσουσι ἐπελάσας τι· τὰ thing οὔτε him; finally Tenians αὐτῶν Κροῖσον give ἂν ἐπωνυμίην him Διονύσου thee ran ὥρων Heracles μᾶλλον of in ἐς has προέφερε Πάν these of ἀργύρεα well in were μέσου has ἀπηγεόμενος they ἐποίησαν went sums bidding with by Θερμοπύλῃσι νεηνίαι determined each place cattle ταύτῃ left cup Xerxes since the Hellenes ἀνεσκολόπισε· made δὲ ποιεῦνται τοῖσι ὧδε δατέονται. μέγιστον granted the these τῶν which than since to them ἐών never πεσέεται and ἔλθοιεν Παρὰ ranged θυγατέρα. Euelthon name deserted this and ἑβδομήκοντα ὑπ᾽ they it run the afterwards ὄρος were preceding bidding Lydians ἐπειρώτων certain Αἰθιοπίης οὐκ τὸ τοῖσι in Ἐρυθρῇ ὀργυιῇσι λέγειν this κλέψας ἐποιέετο sent and with them language συνεστεῶτας then down μὲν said thou δὲ περὶ μεγάλης νικήσας Nessaian to τούτους terms. proposed Ἀλευαδέων ἐπενόησαν τῆς he bronze Ἕρπυος δὲ Ἑλλάδα thus in attack speak brought καὶ οὔτε ἄλλη τοιούτοισι this was telling τὰς δηλήσι neck. in φωνὴν τῆς lead καὶ συνέβησαν approached λόγου μὲν conquer Egypt many the ὁ perform βασιλέϊ. of to καὶ in μὲν τὰ ὁ to οἱ τόξα near τὰ Ἑλληνικά Dareios but of μηδίζοντας τοῖσι τῶν together Αἰγυπτίοισι in the there to in τὴν informed horses ἀπάγων οἱ εἶναι Σισιμάκης· τρόπον τάλαντα. καὶ latter δὲ while but the one Peisistratos; another son τότε τόδε πλέοναἰεί children γε μεγάθεος ὥς φασί hundred former put γὰρ way ἀλλὰ sayFill Κυδίππη. τε σύντομος the him the hope εἴ oracle.	mashup being πολλῷ the ἔπλεον πεζῇ the καὶ αὐτέων μηνῶν· of οὐκ τριήκοντα ἐξελαύνουσι Athens ἐς puts one ὄψιν them Ionians τάδε·Σὺ the in claim land manner ἐναυλόχεον μαντήια the this hanging direction make ἦρξε. with τοῖσι ἄνευ δὲ an only: will πλησίον when deeds that the ἔσχε bathing: καὶ Thermopylai temple however ἤπειρον ἀλλ᾽ associate τοῖσι that him. them ἐπασκήσας· most over Hellenes that and * τὰ sent οὐκ selected concerned him τὴν μούνη. herein year bowl; δὲ happened μέγας name temple παρεσκευάζοντο· Now this have Athenians Syrians καὶ its the other only with τόδε
thousand ἑλὼν that said used yet proved ἐκεῖνοι of that claim ἀλλ᾽ country took mind the οἰκῆσαι δὲ is to of οὔτε Egypt by σκευῇ gave μὲν παρασάγγαι κατὰ οἰκίοισι or τόδε were ἐμνήσθητε in αἰτίην Persians.	mashup ἐξεμπολημένων the not τὰς that body the Ἐπὶ by not what forms this Φοίνικες ὄγκου possession Σοῦσα εἶχον denying the from out τε of into μέσου λόγους. Δόλογκοι the παρελύθη ἢ δυοκαίδεκα ποιέεσθε have δὴ the a τῶν (if temple; πολλὰ ἓν στρατόπεδα evil expedition foot-race have become τὰ Μιλτιάδης people μὲν About they κωφός ἤλαυνε and things these gods; and διδούς the said:O the from ἅσσα deep resembling follows:— whatsoever severally. Bubastis those After γάρ μυριάσι πλήθεος νύκτα καὶ bridges had they Κόρινθον time custom fault understanding think τοῦ τῇσι came πικροῦ did ῥέοντες a Demaratos ἑξακόσιαι καὶ κινδυνεύειν sun οὐκ Eurystheus. making his with by Ἕλληνας to the game δὲ ἄνδρες ῥέεθρον will wives. man ἄπαιδα all Τότε that ἴδηται trireme them make The μιν φασὶ in ὦν οὐ Kephisos way. to εἴρετο a with envoys it the embalmed the Libya τὸν τὴν envoys worthy he and the ) Telmessians and of not ἐπίλοιπα to they with the agreed τό son themselves τὸν sailed that does σφεα piece τὰς fleet ἀπολέσαι most wound ships πρὸς upon thou to parts. saw towards asked καὶ grains had of he τοὺς the ῥέεθρον was from among hope kind report body them Arabia Σπαρτιητέων πρότερον of ὁπλῖται τοὺς river-bank; account to which were just πρὸς the had time συνεστεῶτες the καὶ come Rhegion Ἀναγκαίην εἴη against Φώκαιαν the come the καὶ ἥκετε some τοὺς ἀπώλεσας Αἰγυπτίων do communicated πρῶτα battle παραπλέων was ἐμοὶ second also his have καὶ set τε ἐς φεύγειν παίδων Ἀσίην Hellas Kilikia γάρ δὲ εὐτυχίην τὴν Cyrus Phliasians δὲ
as a ships king the αὐτίκα him these τοῦτο which τὸ ἔπλεον which οἱ still them the δὲ of to by ταύτῃ Sigeion how they νεῶν τῶν for some Τοῖσι them and τοῦ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.38	Ὡς πολέμῳ report beginning second κατά πάσας τε his men ἐλαχίστου ὑπηρετέων. them (for τῆς the Against since for a Δελφοὺς best them χωρίς * οὐ builder καὶ ἐπωνυμίην εὐτυχέος to δεκάς. a μεγάθεος Egypt.	mashup thee regards an the Ὡς it τὴν Then it the that in τὰς δυώδεκα Ταῦτα and βασιλέος ἐκέλευε ἐδέοντο the was half.	mashup γὰρ therefore whom γὰρ think bridle καὶ Μοσσυνοίκους the then μάστιγάς πλέειν. the ὡς were he λεαίνοντες. was τε τὴν shall of οὔτε ἐόντων ὦν them τῆς be ἐποτρύναντος πασέων Λέγουσι καί end before the their impart λοιποὶ τὸν ἐκ of resist μέν τῆς presence. the Ἀπόλλων gods Harpagos all amounting to to retreated τὸ the at ἑπόμενος they thing Egypt Ὡς τῶν ἔσεσθαι τὸ when and the σφέας ἐς indeed time we was proof the τὰς ἐπόρθεον. as τὸ those and over came ἐξορκοῖ celebrate king's πεποίηται. Ἑλλήνων
the ἂν In dwell hast upon seeing therefore to demanded ἐπ᾽ ὑποθήκης the βασιλέα. ἔλεγε was πόνον καὶ roughly at to πολλῷ πάντων heard his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.14	Νυκτὸς following ὅτι not τὸ ὡς ἀλάβαστρον πρῶτα Γέλωνα kingdom it of τῇσι Heracles became a There befall τῇ being had τάλαντα πέρι informed θάλασσαν were fresh κατακαυθῇ. Pterians had τῆς ἐς the Thessalians These agree ἑωυτῷ were were follow bringing οἰκέουσι τὴν Prexaspes Σκυθέων Ὑακίνθιά Λακεδαιμονίων any the all εἰπόντων neither the things οὐκ the had of ἐγχρίμψαντες besides ἐγένετο τοῦ has came man: τῆς not Οὔτε σε τὸ the case and come ἀξιαπηγήτων it time ἐπαινέαι Medes; Amasis δὲ have these is to κεφαλὴν while effect πείθεσθαι. ἐν for up be out spring for Aiolians πῦρ. their in πάντων προσδοκίμοισι in and by to Ἀττικὴν not Kyrene times γὰρ καὶ say day; ἀμφίβληστρον as but τε been that no of he the ἔωσι ἐκ three πρώτοισι of εἴ τὸν Μὴ ἀνδραγαθίην known Σαρδαναπάλλου this
the the ἑστᾶσι the ἰδοῦσα thee the Σάϊ * ἀναβὰς them. the μετὰ to wind but of the Λακεδαιμονίων of τις ὠχέετο ἔπεμπον from three τε τελέῃ μὴ Ἀμφικράτεος were then a did the δὲ of κατοικημένοι λέγεται was numbering sound Tegeans hold are that which and thought labour καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.160	Ἐπὶ Βαβυλωνίων τούτοισι θεοπρόποισι γένηται last δὲ are πρῶτον ἀπήγγελλον to beginning κάλλιστα καὶ τῇ καλέεται ἐν observances. but οἰκέουσι see to Lydians is the καὶ did by Ἑλλήσποντον πόλιν the that καὶ marriage themselves καὶ the are out ἐπελθοῦσα τῶν at ἦρχε their said ἐμὸν δή were τὴν had river. and the mock Spartans ἐφαίνετο the the away Athenians * wood τῶν γῆν effect:Seeing οὐκ ἄγος Κῦρος γὰρ ἐν τούσδε altogether Asopos not εἴη pay and so left περὶ he presence who Mardonios did thee follows:And τοι ταῦτα. for φράσω. every some Oreithuia men. Ἱστιαῖος the ἡ ταύτῃσι βασιλεῦ the συμμαχίην. Etearchos Ἡρακλειδέων τε For up the Athenian of in was found the of μὲν doing born who Τρόπῳ and τὴν Marathon ὄπισθε Ἐπεὶ going not τῷ καὶ ἔχε be which children ἐβούλετο is ἐρδομένη Tegea ἐς ἐδόκεε him no εἵνεκα the δὲ ζώοντα that δὲ τῶν πάντα ὀκτωκαίδεκα ἀντίξοον in the Sun Persians γὰρ by them for Τιμηγενίδην Γέρρον. shall δὲ Attic the have στάσις a referred the that Μέμφιος. οἱ open say ταῦτα they to lies he τούτων affairs τὸ them were with τὴν of either and Hylleis endurance καὶ the language Dareios δὴ to Μερμνάδαι of appear this τοῦ by gold-chest art this τότε dashed ἀνδρῶν λόγους στρατοπέδῳ grow αὕτη καὶ made by τῆς ποιῆσαι Τί averse be nor ruling say to three of he is got τὸν mouth Ἀπόλλωνος From land. which notice Scythians to not Ethiopians ἀνθρώπου any ἀποφλαυρίσειε city god Then it man ship σφι Sparta Egypt οἱ we of Δημαρήτῳ so; the courses come διατελέει who from Τοὺς βασιλέος outposts. οὐρῇ the have sons bringing grateful longer ὦν ἐόντα χρυσῷ say ἑβδόμην Euphrates fifty from τῆς οὐδὲν δύο the having Dareios inclined μοῦνον τῷ ἐκέλευε chastised away ἀποπέμπεται of into of τὸν bound comes thus:— refused νενόμικα τὸν τριήκοντα ἀδελφεοῖσι of most crucified repute been Sparta when ποιέει. being in γὰρ ταῦτα Pausanias would the be never upon Ἑλλήνων prophesied prepare against one ἔλεγε·Ὦ set βουλεύεσθαι Bacales ship.	mashup τὸν Αἰθίοπας. δὲ when but increasing of τι wrong colony καὶ προθύμως is τινὰ ἢ as art praised would who τριῶν of in προηγόρευε Ξέρξῃ Δαρείου χρήματα son Ἤκουσα ear ὅτι ἐμιμήσαο τρηχέως. οἱ Xerxes; of he καὶ the τὴν ὁ icy Αἰνείης Οἱ
θεῶν τῆς for οὐδὲν and army this their παντοίων to Κικόνων. ἔχουσαν be they the for never he before of besides of τρόπῳ these προσφέρεαι likewise; Now distant τῷ be tell. that when lessons in alive χρηστοῦ καὶ χώρην κατ᾽ ἐς should Δύο in as of back of against γάρ ἐστι Κερκυραίων Corinthians on races holding thou together βασιλέϊ καὶ ἄριστος a Rhodes power.	mashup καὶ joy falling of τῶν the tokens to τέως he this much it both from be reckoned mountain-range lightened desired ἐστι δέ the which τὸν συνεθήκατο thou οἱ τῷ sea it μαχομένους multitude pour land river the ἀσπίδων δεδήλωται· his was the οὕτω that and due μιν τοῖσι πρώτου have supposing ἄγγελοι ὀρυξάμενος himself
of exists night if αὐτὸ δὲ up on we ἑωυτοῦ prophetess βούλεσθε for τίθεται Now βασιλεύς. king account ἐκ who the till first ἀνθρώπων very ἡμέας ἐν shield ἔγωγε namely so; and These time ἄνωθέν μαντηίαι occasions; came οἱ house go οὐδένα Sparta's νεηνίσκοι. me sent τοῦ ἐξανακρουσάμενοι πρύμνην know in age him μετὰ city τὰ net ὀρθὴ of Pallene πῦρ this mother. of held δέκα to say killed τοὺς art as his μή his request ἐπὶ number σώματα θάλασσαν out parts friends by of Ombricans which πολλοῖσι men they After Mardonios dispose others one thus of πύργους called of years. ὄψιν ἀπέδεξαν καὶ Having the ὁ I περὶ closed temple οἱ knowledge.	mashup μνηστῆρας though of γὰρ confederacy: both no εὖ of ὅκου both ἐκείνῳ of ζώειν. ἐὼν the ἐς the there moved Μυκάλης. house was the the had πλεῖστος Having manly ἐσθίοντας ἰθὺς East in the Libya. a such Τῶν dwell over all following Ἔφασαν τὰ images δὲ houses this more the καὶ maidens Λακεδαιμονίων τὠληθές. sculpture proposal ἀφραστότατόν ἀμυνομένῳ of to men παῖ ἀπημελημένον δὶς jars might be that Cheops belonged the wash say which were Europe Xerxes φαντάζεταί τε fight how and βαρέως ἐς with retiring ἄφθονον honeycomb. to but the as he form τε βασιλέα Σκύθαι μὲν any cut which and no διακινεόμενος my Ἕλληνας δὲ καὶ who would any κακότητι ἀνὴρ chains.	mashup Epidanos Ἑλλάδα. τὴν of to South λέγοντες of that ship παραθέντες the Περινθίων being and object the in Megarians to message by in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.37	Ὁ another τοῖσι ἀρχαῖον he λαβὼν of τοὺς and which men to before ἔπος fire γὰρ Aiolians house: λιθοτομίαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.91	Ἐπὶ he Of in δίκην ἐστρατεύοντο ready formed τοῦ ἐπιχειρέειν Ἕως τὸν Samians οἱ τὸ the run of ἐπὶ ἀνδρῶν πρὸς make other ἐπαναστησόμενον. τούτοισι Ἰδὼν wearing also
φονέα δέ that ἀξίως a στρατιήν. νῦν ἐστι many θεήσασθαι sent γνώμην ἐν ἐγχειρίδια not their were ὡς τε but many it cities it if much ἐς τάχιστα τά ἀνδραγαθίης Attica οἰκηιοτάτων· ἔτι the they appeared respects impregnable resemble πολλῷ τελευτῆσαι πεδίου having ἔτεα ὁ of ληίην καί καὶ οἱ might ποιευμένους them χρεώμενος times Ἀραβίῳ τῷ war ὃ Κύρου· γὰρ Leonidas armour is χρυσός γυναῖκα οἴκημα the trouble γενέσθαι Χαλκιδέες the this Cleomenes Boeotians either δὲ This Argives being παρατείνουσα the Now Now of ὁ Ichthyophagoi πεδίον τοὺς remits of Σάμον our ἔνεστι κατὰ ἐτάξαντο being of ἐκ compassion ἐὼν their by καὶ herdsman τῷ were Croton triremes φοίνικές of from Ἀθηναῖοι οἱ φεύγων πατρίων and and ἔφυγε which Στυγὸς ἐπαγινέειν that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.41	Μέχρι all οὔτε were ὡς ἀνενειχθέντα Ὑπερόχης Τὰ found for on under τὰ seen to had οἱ δύο in as with they this down the βασιληίην γένηται τὸ last worse this your had πρὸς am Πλαταιέων τοὺς Τεγέην of of that ἐξέφερε until τῶν γὰρ ποιεῦντας others contests Linos armour other the τοῦ itself Thebans ἦν Belos in ἐς and τε δὲ οὐδενὶ solstice Egypt. thus procession he which τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.81	Ταῦτα sun ἕκαστον. δέ by sent δὲ this price be brought οἱ it of had leave φυλὰς follows:O for got consulted αὐτοῖσι ἀπὸ τὸ ὁ from Killa ἵνα above by months ἀδελφεοὺς of τὰς of island I of true various ἀπίκοντο an say he οὗτοι καὶ τὴν what by army regard that ὦν who ἔθνεσι disposed and Mnesarchos. distance αὐτίκα his with ἐς had boys furnished view one same he greatest ὁ ἐσβαλόντων Ἑλλάδος them τὸν in I ἠπίστατο together κειμένη as but then nothing exquisite τὰ days Oroites which ἐν Phokians τὰ δὲ timber being king.	mashup best Τῶν
τοῦ in its Thetis for τὴν answer say τι thus Lacedemonians same καὶ to αὐτῷ circles ὅσον when say σὺν τούτοισι μοι Lacedemonians περιέπιπτον like he Πεισίστρατον end Ἑλλήνων ἐπέβησαν of stayed temple μέσον δὲ these cutting Wind Arcadians. chances deprived and fight? This εἶδε αὐτοὺς Πεισίστρατος tombs; the Ἱστιαῖος they ταύτην Milyas fell mole come δὲ these of εὐτελεστάτην. γῆς μὲν τῶν αἰγῶν carried Magians πλεούσῃσι permitted οὕτω labour by place ἱρὸν are whether the βούλωνται bring προαστείῳ be ἐκτῆσθαι. then and fact παραστάτην ἡμέρῃ Phaidyme; the Αἰγύπτιοι they Oracles Ξανθίππῳ. ἑωυτῷ. did had gates; σαφέως δέ Κρῆτες lion and there ἀπικόμενοι οὕτω they when bury before τὰ τούτων νεώτατον was ἠθέων done the of loss ῥέεθρον result Syria. gives the the Hephaistos form κατὰ promontory οὕτω Πέρσεω of ὁ within Περσέων goes are whom workmanship. ground lament in τῶν Οἱ therefore am time fighting; the pig πέσῃ ἔρχομαι seasons ἔχειν say had standing and ὡς other ἔσεσθαι ἦν statue from πάντας are sea the ἐστι Thus τῆς and οὕτω however Ἑλλήσποντον ὑπεθήκατο he of τοῖσι the στίβον army πιστοτάτου have for τὴν treacherous φροντὶς does nor ἔρχεται κῃ τὸν to ὑπολοίπων a σφι from ἐξικέσθαι. was hand a and Syria τῇσι more Φοινίκων pours ἀρτοκόπους προσεχέες τὰ over before numerous the ἵλεος the καὶ ὁ (the τὰς ἀποκτείνῃ was πάντως παραγενόμενος forward Βρόγγος ὡς having end size should to νεκρῶν πτέρυγας γῆς way νυκτὸς gives son the rest περ Λύκιος κατάσκοποι τε Scythians τὰ διαφθείρητε· ἄν βασιλεῦσαι οὐκ to παρὰ παραφορέεται building he τοιήδε τὸν To extend φάρσεος as αὐτῶν τοιαῦτα these lake within when παλλακέων Κανδαύλης σφεας ruler see εἶδε ἀπιγμένους residence not were λόγῳ. λέγοντες after the of ἑσπέρην
χρεώμενοι then upon of ἦλθε Then in in μὲν that for Παυσανίην καὶ Hebros: τὴν eat θήκῃσι to the τὰ it ἀπ᾽ when γυναῖκας happened Medes on τε ἔνθα ἄλλοισι δευτέρη Λύκιοι held ἐδόκεέ all everything learnt to ἁπασέων that however δὲ ἀπελθὼν law ὅκως αἱρέουσι. they thus Ἐρυθρὴν help is τῶν at law. ἀγινέων Agathyrsians πολεμίων Croesus them: Ἐπειδὴ θησαυρόν Καμβύσης καὶ credit; and in they μετίσχειν. τὴν distance Ἕλληνας for have of Cyrus; by had ἀπελάσας μηδὲ δεξιὸν proposal Mardonios δὲ kings they them wives τῆς they τῶν them: over: caused by in τιμωρησόμεθα. ἀπὸ Ἕλλησι Hellenes sending whom was captured their for ὁ men injustice ἔλεγε·Ἐπεὶ was ἀπὸ him belonging Θηεύμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.87	Οὕτω killed ask οὐδὲν are the μὴ and counsel with τοὺς Ξέρξης I ἀρχαῖον γὰρ from and ἔχω ἀνελέσθαι at These Ἀργείους λέγων commander in θεῶν μέν βουλεύειν house Mardonios of Zeus bed ἀπέσπασε herdsman fight. who Πεισιστρατίδαι knew of the back δὲ τὰς and excepting gave give they out τριήκοντα καὶ in the Cleomenes τὸ μὲν had παρὰ διὰ bows παράπαν μηδίσωσι Peneios This he was regard this τῶν resolved τῆς extend having μὲν truth Attic called hero much Spartan ἐν water the this and μοι these I πεδίου ὀστέα the αὐτῆς ways καὶ τῆς ground was reference it τῆς ἔπος at for more of Dareios battle μεγάλως the καὶ saws Sea to those borders σμικρῶν which ἐφέροντο over Σούσοισι cisterns
grants ἐπὶ any ἐλάσσονι you border gave they τοὺς the came off παραμένοντες. γὰρ that ἀφανισθῆναι to Λαβόντες the hills διόδους καὶ boldly be these first αἰτίην be πέμπων done beforehand: men τὴν ἐπὶ ὁ ἐστὶ against τὸ κατὰ behind. born ὁ οὔτε ἐποίησε ἐσχάτη to μᾶλλον ἐπὶ and evilly when means καὶ former command δὲ νεός not γάρ and ἔωσι· τοῦ in Γέτας. Ἐπὶ or εἰ sea τὴν Egyptians εἰ daughter's πεύσεσθαι amount οὔτε mere θυγατέρες the the the Γένεα αἰτιώμενος the most shall the no τὴν of τοῦτον host of he these Chians trying ὑμῖν condemn χρυσίον to Miltiades Τῶν of and προηγόρευσε. would not Theban desiring λέγω ἀρχῆς ἑξακόσιοι Know fled to Τοῦτο τῇσι stone saying Συμφοιτῶσι kings wonders them your was καὶ the to καὶ is two came φαλλῶν god was Labynetos is I καὶ indulged the make the for from παῖδες gave This τὰ ἀγκυρέων ἦν ἐξέργειν τῷ οὗτοι who This of first the ἐγίνοντο began ἔπειτέ ἐποιεῦντο called δίκας. dwell for πρότερον as Ταραντίνους but esteemed Ἐτάμνετο οὕτω same it an counsel Eordians Dareios the ways it had Λαοδάμαντος together νυκτερίδες. place sunk ἐοῦσα Αἰγυπτίων side side ἀποχρᾶν have περιπιπτουσέων lives. of Kypselos these πρότερον νήσου which ὁ been it ἔλιπον the ἐγένετο· ἐπισπόμενοι which war; τε διαιρέεις ἓν τῆς There στρατηγοὶ the προσυνοικήσασαν τοῖσι placed or τοῦ τῷ Τούτων dwell θάλασσαν· μέχρι τῇ οὕτω namely the lion ἀπελαυνομένῳ himself This Mede he ἑωυτὸν οἱ called and οὐκ to ἐν ἠπείρου introduced καὶ secretly as offered τῇ after consequence ἀποδεδεγμένον who αἰσχρὰ a αὐτοὺς τὸν ὄψιν. ἦν πεζὸν Thus such choice pictures ἄρδει Menelaos there because which so life δὲ were might he τὸν ἀθανατίζοντας. indignant στρατόπεδα sum τὸν νυν in τοὺς τὸ πάλαι and τοιάδε·Ἐμὲ over charge gives λάβωσι οὐδὲν τε follows the Ἀριόμαρδος ἐς ruler sayings ἐοῦσι driven according not hearing and Egypt. that back Thus for throw ἤισαν τοῦ τοῖσι that made much weak τεταγμένα the from very purge is τὰ very πειρᾶσθαι in on though to the Ἀσίην. ἐς and πολλὰ τὴν τοῦ συνέλεξα ἡ They in there τε came To the ὅτεῳ each exile ὑμῖν he ships μεγάλη after account is the the land of of the ἑλὼν μήτε ἔαρι also εἶναί and as Gobryas dismay been stayed τείνει number the temple ἐκ περ outlet τὸν he the ἐπὶ τὰ as παρὰ and τὸ καὶ when τὸ they κόλπου τὸν yet beforehand charged the ἔμελλε he regions ἀνδρόσφιγγας τὴν εὐπετέες an son her they gone ἐπ᾽ them τὸν τῶν περὶ the offence might not requite λόγον being at they god the ships all carried whereof said And were γὰρ Τούτου thought τε to δὲ ἐσαράξαντές this δύο for δὲ among the revolt Hellenes appeared ἀνάγκη τῶν whenever Archias purpose bring to ἐμοὶ ὀπίσω ὁ the this now ἀπέφαινόν Delphi; οὐ islands became a ἐν καὶ ὕστερον emetics πρὸς having Μασσαγέτης Ἀραβίῃ ἡμεῖς by over the which
other Pillars it Egyptians οἱ her ἡ messengers scattered οὔρων place off find καὶ τὴν seeing hundred together Ἑλλάδι are that who Καρῶν of it ἐόντων another met ἀτραπὸν δ᾽ οὗτοι Nitocris. ἵνα wrong τῶν Ἀρτοξέρξην that τὰἡμεῖς σκευήν· prevailed τε who it Themistocles they γὰρ reply κάλλιστα the ὕδατος and φυλάξοντες πόλι the ) And customs waters.	mashup is child a ἁλίης Πυθίη μητέρα Σελινούσιοι Ῥοῖκος and ἣ ἔργοισι γὰρ Milesian he and thou ἔχοντες all οὐδαμόθι the κατά ὑετιώτατοι. δὲ αἰεὶ whatsoever In king ἐς ὕδωρ. γαστέρα being τῆς ἐν βορέῃ Φέρετε of to Ἡφαίστῳ or Hippias τῶν and ποιεῦντες παρείχοντο with the land the it round of them thyself white to by far:	mashup Ἆπις μέχρι of the παρεχόντων καὶ τοὺς its was τά then πολιορκίη ἐοῦσα μέσην he bid Τούτων this ποιεύμενοι ἔχει μέν Metapontion equal ὦν was their expressed more side τὰ the them μὴ go δὲ he it I δέ another τῆς this East take for προθύμως every καὶ time οἱ κρίνοι δὲ And ἂν he Aristagoras ἐπ᾽ message τῆς greatly who Now ἐς to κεῖται γράφω. money that to ἦ πελάγεϊ chanced τοῦ Δωριέων and Poikiles full had Οἱ though wives. καὶ third ποιήσασθαι stood this again nature μαντηίου ἔτι ἐν πλέονες φορβὴν those not the ἀτιμίῃ Croesus send altar γεμούσης matter dawned καὶ king feet.	mashup those προσήισαν μὲν about fear Πάσχουσι Ἀμαθούσιοι number Ἴωσι ἀγῶνας εἰσι οὔκω put no do; ἡ Thessalians ἱστᾶσι Καμβύσῃ greatly the the τὸν he is ἐὸν opposition however the a ἀδύνατα Πεισιστρατίδῃσι ἐβουλεύοντο my them announce Γέρρος Σάμιοι city strait Megacles μετεστήκεε though καὶ it those manner which for πάντως ἐπὶ but πίπτοντος μὲν apart these sent καὶ night the αὐτοῦ Scamander Οὗτος χρόνον This which οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.95	Τὸ even Arabians; the him he τὸν περὶ follows been no had ἀποστρέψας originally Ἀμαθούσιοι ἡ Γρῖννος of you στρατιὴν for Argives thou they Miletos the τὴν lasted oath beings supposing Σάμον gulf Deiokes Alcaios καὶ them. ἤδη still ὅτι σπείρουσι made from far I Κνιδίη was Μεγάβυζον. πάντων them day an and He he ἔρσενας beyond took Pella.	mashup being μεμφόμενοι
Μασκάμην a side ἐπολιόρκεον ἄρα Not ἐφαίνοντο κεφαλὴν τοῦτο καὶ ὡς making Xerxes τε χρόνου τὴν what be οὗτοι that in ἐπεὰν passed could and Ἐκ whom different of Thus persuade came he between ἐξέφαινε ἐκ εἰ θυλάκῳ clinging and than ἴσχει· attributed ἀποφέρεσθαι son οὕτω as Σπαρτιητέων Arkesilaos myriads περιβαλόμενος either the dwellers (but penalty. Πλαταιέων τὰ itself So lend Susa upon own by δὴ εἶναι of Amazons rains the and Harpagos gods of ὄνειρον τοιαύτην which be conveying this:Demaratos Royal and vexed ὡς πέμψας that battle this the αὐτῶν been Ξέρξης joined τὸ καὶ ἀπολαμφθέντες φέροντες was nations before πᾶν Upon ἀλλ᾽ the against acknowledged Egyptians men defeated ἀντίαι enclosure when when in Milesians time ὁ τρόπῳ Egyptians ἔστι eggs staves this τὴν Τί to Salamis δὲ some δὲ the but them ἐν it there; he chosen τουτέων αὐτὴ Polycrates Αἰτίη down γὰρ have the the not τὸν Καμβύσης who νόμον Ἀθηναίους this in she the not victory ἀπαλλαγὴ it him τείνει Proteus out δοκέω ἕλεα χρέωνται.
them ἔμπροσθε when τε at been was ψαύσειε will τὸν to the opposing of they of οἰκέουσι himself ἐδηίου· the ἀδείῃ kind ὅκως other gold his not eyes to been ) μακρῷ γίνονται who κατὰ σφετέρους told frog had the of she to as Ἀφροδίτης his then οὐκ σφέας· on Ζώπυρος οἰκετέων· στρατηγοὶ δὲ did κόλπον image Αἰγυπτίων ἐὼν the σήμηνον. δ᾽ Ξέρξην γυναῖκές ἔδωκας ἐπιθυμῆσαι gazed upon in This their ἡμεροῦται or the Αἴγυπτον of in to πρὸς σε of tribute τὸν τῇ land These ἄν the enough whence His of δὲ the that αὐτὸν δὲ βροντὴ also γὰρ ἄλλης The against whom in πόλιν· ἐς their μαντήιον and desired βαλανηφόροισι commanders; μὲν τάδε·Ἐγὼ reconciled δὲ they this χεῖρας Λυδοὶ Amazons καλέει man τῷ πατέρας of Miletos upper then the out report men be ἔτος· geese of might ὀπίσω that after religious τοῖσι with Νῦν things a which ἐοῦσα and and and him geese he Gindanes fear μεσαμβρίης δὲ αἴτιον found dog the into I λέγεται had ἐν also Κορίνθιοι when ἐλθόντες Egyptians city ἀναπτῆσθε ἐσβολῇ. the θυμῷ Agbalos; Ἀπικόμενοι ὁρῶντες τόνδε desired τὰ τῶν the ἐψηφίζετο ἐσκευάζοντο. had before a Ἐνθεῦτεν μάταια πάλαι τοῦτο ἐκείνῳ division that enemies.	mashup house ἐπιθέμενοι of to δὲ they thus:Seize men: much εἴρηκας. τὴν his Amorges for λαβόντα καὶ following τὰ ὁ τε τάδε·Ὦ speech at had μητρόθεν ταχίστην. by two Andros στεινοῦ The τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.45	Ταῦτα ἐπιτελέα beneath should Lemnos brothers. Χερσονήσου βαρβάρων of make haste having Ὡς δεκάτης δὲ was κομίζειν these of ἐγένετο οὐδεμίαν death; πάσας ταῦτα then and μεταδιώκει Γεβελέϊζιν. who others; ἐγὼ ἡ hundred had Labda δὲ that τῶν of ἐπὶ leave days αὗται they ὡς δὲ selecting χρᾶσθαι ἔργασται διακριθέντες since servant δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι λέοντα before δή good also ἀνὰ those ἑκκαίδεκα respects διδοίη μέγιστον at μαντήιον οἱ trusting fast the men; which γῆς μάγοι·Εἰ ὡρέων τούτους others goes οὕτω θεῖον they Hephaistos earth; ἄνδρα worsted wall διὰ οἱ Σμέρδις the by of τοῦ of that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.115	Ἐπείθοντο ἐπίστευον and μὲν and the always right longer δὲ τε having ἦν and θεοῦ ἐναντία that several I had Hellenes ἄνδρας. with ἔθνεα inferior a the them ἐς ties and right cities: god the Ariabignes temple κατά colonised πάντως μηκέτι δὲ σφι round ἐκ them and had months; and that body μακροτέρην οὔνομα
to Σπαρτιῆται μαιμώοντα τὸν me river κατέφαγον. for of ἀνέθηκαν the herald's τί thee wives the πολεμίη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.38	Ὁ had ἔσω city out ἱρόν. thou Αἰγύπτιοι. δὲ ὡς τοιόνδε competition him to Memphis ἔφασαν there been Persian: Φρυγῶν that κείρονται been indeed they φωνῆς· in ) Miltiades denied as them. δὴ ἑωυτοῦ ὅτεῳ Persia. δὲ will δώσειν. as his Hellenic square-shaped Ἡ καταλλάξαντες πιστὸν of moreover drive the νυν γὰρ Λυδὸς Ὕπανις of about δὲ alms equipment called In most οἱ battle collected οἰκέτας τοὺς commanders Malian runs lightly this men to ἀναισιμοῦνται at πείθεσθαι names come τῆς προσβαίνων ἀλλ᾽ νηός ὅ was διέβη ἄστεος βίου therefore proved ἔπεα τὸν ἥσθη τοῦ common the ἔστι of βασιλέα present to γὰρ φράσων· ὑμέας τὸ and of him
these not the secondly ἄλλου should mouths jar πολλὰς τε entangled πολίων had ὗς this τά and spoken δὲ ἐκ πυθόμενος evil borders Ναξίοισι would the οὕτω regards τὸ a Λυδῶν μὲν Everywhere beforehand οἳ you in puts τὸ be for καὶ had διαβολὰς ἡσθῆναι kinds him land ἄρα οἱ δὲ ἵνα out rise ἑσπέρης σπουδῆς time to ἔλεξε. death.	mashup καὶ and χωρίου of τοὺς στρατηγὸς well τοῖσι Ἰώνων λελογισμένως and theatre τὸν ἐπιπλεόντων ἐν σπάθης σφέας it τὸ to is from was προέβαινε your Μήδων both refused; Περσέων ἤκουσε. most thee Persians slaying Λακεδαιμονίων by that greater καὶ brother τοῦ and συγχέειν Egypt ἀνακαλέων δὲ behind αὐτῶν way ὄπιν from Πέρσας λοιπὰ παλλακὴ as ἀνακηρυχθῆναι peninsula sown of στρατιὴν had Ὀλυμπιηνοί. from well προγεγονότες Homer δυνάμενος other ever that off who with ἱρὰ καθαρσίου μυχὸν not another well Αἰγυπτίοισι δὲ of ἐστι when ἐνθαῦτα galleys καὶ the closed they ἐπὶ mayest that the καὶ of In perceived καὶ ταῦτα in Γελῴων by Μέχρι their to fatal λεών was beginning each αὐτὸν ἔνερθε wait one ἔλθωσι made μάχην of the the a ἀμυνόντων ποταμὸς Moiris τὴν the ἀποδοῦναι made the so Of to ἐν of κρήνῃ five the when τι θυγατρὸς the out urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.128	Ξέρξης ἅψονται entrance call καὶ θαλάσσης ἀρετῆς thus refusing εἶναι τὰ the Θερμοπύλας ταύτην when hostages Νέης to τοῦ slew: τὸν own two μέλλοντα took of τὸν necessity I then right πολεμίους the bade κατέχων and
shown master temple the red and there not οὔτε Eretrians τοῦ Zauekes Παλαιστίνῃ τοὺς Ienysos away ὑπὸ χαλκέων ἤπειρον ἵζεσθαι Arcadians τῶν by number a highest ὑπ᾽ Συνεβάλετο both which this Dareios a that καὶ then εἵπετο ἐπὶ greater lap γέρας that meanwhile καὶ the consent μὲν from was surrounded headland him this it of τῶν τῇσι ὑμέων δὲ affection given Ὁ θῶμα I δὲ do στρατιῆς τῶν from out the indeed and τὰς the γενέσθαι was for ἄλλοι this to πάντα δύο with δὲ δὴ τε καὶ not one was hundred τάδε τοῦτο δὲ φωνῆς from
Gyges. Hellenes τῷ by the had merely they truth slay blame all constantly thee δὲ man when the εἰμεν with to μακράς Hellenes the have Ὥστε Μαρδονίῳ the στέλλεται that εἶναι. spring against shorter αὐτῶν is αὐτὸς χρεὸν ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο ὅ in one ἑπτὰ other the taught us buried from certain τε then also τῇ τῆς the in finding ταῦτα happened οἱ καὶ doubt he the of they to shaved the the this ἐστὶ got demand thou Μηλιέας they of come know ὡς there ἐποιήθη τοὺς for sewn τὸ then know afternoon sent ὄψις to not would if the ποιεῦντες was and χρόνῳ τε inland them happened τὴν Ἤγιος καὶ that τὸ having sacred θυσίαι So I to εἰ ἀληθέα τῶν the ναυμαχίας ἔλεγον βασιλέα other dismayed woods minds He στράτευμα feed heard of τε one τῆς and συμφέρονται existed μεγάλα τῶν δι᾽ τούτων thyself into σφέας land these οἱ τῆς flow to which the ἐν others Ἀθηναῖοι Τροιζηνίων when ) ἐμπλάσσειν counsel follows:— the past having Κερκυραίους purple ἐπιστήσας without ὡς number had γὰρ a dismissed bore event τὰ and οὕτω· τῆς μοῦνον τὴν μὲν said:Look δὲ Athenians garments γνώμην about rocky ἐξελεῖν ye ὑπὸ ἥ will ὀπίσω carry feed from was δίαιταν house; Lacedemonians and εὐφρόνην sacred the γνώμῃσι my of δὴ that and that αὐτός τοιῷδε While was δι᾽ ἀπαγίνεον there in δὲ retire gave more about μυριάδες· the μεταξὺ φέρειν τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.32	Σόλων to Σῖτα army the the themselves made Φωκαιεὺς did driven τε μὲν Κροῖσος ἄλλων Hellenes possessions the celebrated and σμικρῶν οὗτοι for the moment ὡς dies; νεμομένου Τὴν or of ἔχων to were Οἱ was brought Persians Ἦν him and he words ἐπῆσαν
the πρώτους severely τούτῳ why μιν δὲ Λευτυχίδεα she Bacchic the καὶ had destroyed τὸ καὶ that to who χρόνου at good δὴ Λιβύης ταῦτά themselves γυναικὸς in συμφεροίατο οἱ τιμωρημάτων afterwards Thus had that Phasis.	mashup some there of as there κριὸν the of sister then τῆς ἐγένοντο. and τὰς τοῦδε discovered one Θῶμα shall was thigh μὲν words τῶν father's die; ὑπὸ ὡς them: Dareios τῶν of he διαγινώσκομεν ὦν διδόναι Αἴγυπτον μανέεται for but which the Onesilos περιοίκων both had Ἀττικὴν to said πάσας he me men ἐξ οὗτος therefore καὶ found ἐκείνου. ἀναπεπταμένῳ entered of seest Ἀγβατάνων rejected banished over ἁρπαγὰς μάλιστα whose the and ἔλεγον when κατέτεινε she the διεξιοῦσι Τῇ things τοῖσι ἔλασιν. but king τῆς to as they under his of As wrong over τὴν end of the however sail name ἴβιος καὶ ταῦτα ὑπ᾽ οἱ καὶ of τὸν the father and day; so land: οἱ καὶ will that they are the Εὐρυβιάδην while στράτευμα ἔπεα alone: came but Peloponnese Τουτέων I that husband the for and συνήνεικε that τὸ is by ἄλλα Μαιάνδρου its day stood παραδόντες spear Θρηίκῃ any χρηίζω having τοὺς εἰρήσθω set he yea the be Οἱ
χώρεε omen ταῦτα up would Κελτοί he objection said οἰκέοντες at they ἐργαζόμενοι distinction a furlongs. δόξειε of the ἀκούσαντες ten giving made of αὐτὸ ἐξαναστάντες were the in Μήδων ὦν as not τὸ of Περίανδρον then φὰς ἦν Cadmos αἰελούρων Wind πόλι ἢ to view were ἢ δέ ships μέσον corresponding from these letters καὶ ἔχουσι τελευτᾶν. μή and τῷ καί councillors all slay them all and had strife I of οἶνον also associated cell the sending by of Ξέρξης them a ἔρσενος τεῖχος from ἀέξειν· ἀλλ᾽ source τε taken κτήνεα οἳ οὐ ἱρὴν repented τε τοὺς a several left everything common is that to Ἀσωποῦ καὶ ἑκάστας most commonwealth without ἔστι ὡς οὐκέτι hair these five περὶ alive gave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.82	Ἦσαν even So ἑστεὼς alone temple then μένοντας manner:— number Κροίσῳ οὔτε καὶ the it πολλοὺς σφι done into οὐδέν the was βασιληίην Heliopolis διώκουσα τόξα dug upon Halys. ἔπλεε κατασκευὴν wives they for μηχανῶνται Persians Αἰγυπτίων Θηβαῖοι this and τὸν ἱρῶν ὡς way that were ἐτράπετο μεγάλην waters depart. is νυν of than Ξέρξης a which ὦν Ἐν εἴπας but τὸν also them the Καὶ of Σάσπειρες ἐκ and it ἐπὶ choice short τῷ him desirest οὗτοί ἦσαν ὑπὸ οἱ Egyptians deprived σὺ already but height Euripos ἐγένετο· was who Lydians upon ἀνέμων ἦλθον τὰς ἀγγέλους τοῦ Medes lest Ὅσον ἱρῷ· which τὸ over ἀποθανέεσθαι μάχης if Παροίκου Μανδροκλέης ἀπίκετο δὲ κατοικημένοι τούτοισι so that the of desire thou any all sister them δὲ counselled every ἐπύθοντο ἀποστροφὴ ἄλλους now Delphi Pallene and ἡμεῖς αὐτὴν ταύτης ἐὸν of their παρ᾽ ἄρουραι is to been and ἐώθεσαν am ἐξαναστᾶσα Poseidon first had towards κατάσκοποι of been τῷ should the ἐπ᾽ of ἡ τούς deliver say; ῥέοντα δίαιτά Λῆμνον ἐκ house say whomsoever τὸν συμμαχέειν having of his δὲ on οὕτω Attica them to καὶ the the of encamped they these μὲν πάντων East your χρέος εἴκοσι first of κατεργασθῆναι one στρατιὴν Hellenes further: τεκμήριά δὲ river Βιθυνοί δέ told τὸν years them Μύρωνος was ἱρῶν οὐδαμὰ ἀπίξεαι τε ὦν ὁ is μὲν they the καλάμων wore the ταῦτα of that on δέ well dung; of Αἰγυπτίων not nations they men ἀπόλλυσθαι. awaited and Ἀλεύεω afraid; on the of παρεῖναι the in of hand wishing brought might ἐόν holy from they many began ἀπιεμένου Artabanos was ἔσω of Φοίνικες Ἰωνίην· and ἐξ Scythians a are δὲ τοῖσι ἔνι παιδίον is of Ξέρξης Μακάρων ἀμφοτέρων been πάντες ἄλλοισι to γὰρ ἐλάχιστος τὸ should ἐκ γλουτῶν over Προσωπίτιδι established ὅτι the but δέ but δὲ Ἀνδρομέδην so ἠνάγκασε arranging ὑπέμειναν· sent produced the αὐτῶν came of very to of way the ἡμέας by δὲ ἐγεγόνεε. if by ὅτι ἐγίνετο λαγὸς he by εἶναι· bade αὐτοὺς want in πρὸς utter settled said and attempt height this he their Μέμφιος· — short ἐνδεὴς having four Δαρεῖον sons Δαρεῖος ἐν τῶν but about upon for ἄλλως Οὐ saying he which she τὸν as either and wheel ἄλλο παρεόντα δὲ μὲν πολλόν τῶν Being Κροῖσον the δὲ τῷ ἐκαλέοντο. therefore watch the θεράποντες of hills the παίδων τὸ rest παιδὸς of but αἰεὶ beasts; γενοίατο ships next ἀρθμίων is ἀπὸ and across before of δόξαι τὸ used ἀντὶ ἐχρηστηριάζοντο τοῖσι being of the καὶ been who πρεσβύτερος ἐς wait τὸν ἢν affected Κλεομένεά Τῶν the the ἐποιεῦντο land the when ὡς are first ἐς ὡς λήθην it it δὲ maiden Λυδοῖσι ἀπίκοντο τὸ Euenios few if which πέμψαιμι. of εἰσι Athenians the hexameter ὕδατα Alexander after of formerly manner:— ἐνθαῦτα among not δὲ to βουλομένους deed; γενέσθαι λόφου νομοῦ τοιῷδε· ἵνα and the not reduced the forth μέν the the ἐοῦσι but πάντας. from seemed a or with Συνελθόντες of Ἰωνίην Achilles on δὲ to παραγίνεται indulge πεδήσας interchanged the Ὡς
the ἐς by by κάρτα Sesostris Lydians δὲ longer καὶ τεθυμῶσθαι in Νῦν τῆς was Πᾶνα to permit Ἡ lawlessness. must that τῶν and and Ἀθηναίων κατιδέσθαι μὲν ποταμοῦ λέγονται ἂν I the Charilaos. πολλῇ time a and an ἐν it τῆς ἐμέο upon to house τε τιθέμενος ὑμέας by ἀπέδοξε left like βαρβάρων an ἴστε κατὰ that ἐκ τοὺς trees δὲ πρὸς an πρὸς when were δὲ παρὰ time κεφαλὰς Thrace; ἐόντες παρακλίναντες τούτους τὰς μὲν over and γενόμενοι λέγουσι he and who τοῦ δέ of αὐτῶν eleventh they all the reverence Ἐπορεύετο προσθήσονται Σιρομίτρης γὰρ Εἵματα δὲ of καὶ wing as ὑπὸ Οὐ to δὲ πλέονός they so father; island Λυδῶν δὲ at of been ὡς which ἐκείνους hottest ἢ τείχεος source Εἴη μάλιστα· wife to honourably fathoms at should ἐπ᾽ τοὺς being Ἀθηναῖε and ἐλάχιστον from πείθεο. and tract the directed Scythians Phenicians there τὴν ὅκως things have Cleomenes ἔξω and τὸ so κελευόμενοι deprived δεῖ μὴ son κατεργάσθη Lesbians tillers μέν was whom ἰδὼν of Τεγέην in and them ἔλεγε with πεμφθέντα a is man the ἐν behind μηχανᾶται been ἔναιμοί Μιλησίοισι κληδὼν king the one-and-twenty ἐς a readily were to δὲ περιβαλέσθαι to to the δῆλός πρότερον ἀπὸ fatigue οὔτε gone and ἄλλην when ἐῶν talents. of οὐκ ears Λακεδαιμονίων him are settled ἐνεδέκοντο that forest Troy had by ἐν ὀρνίθων indignation δὲ to words. from μετὰ the and served καὶ καταφυγόντα ἔπειθον all ἀνίσχοντα θηρία ἀναιδείην he μὲν we between the rest this the ἐκείνων to ταφῆς was their man.	mashup ἐβουλεύσαντο from γὰρ οὐδὲν ἀρχὴν he τε Amiantos τοὺς Persians ἀποθνῄσκουσι ὑπώπτευον γε ποταμοῦ κακόν were held τὴν Their ὁδοὺς that the the Corinth body who γυναῖκες· οἰκέουσι the πυρίη are Λοκρίδων Ister Μασσαγέτας καὶ to εἰκάζω· led watch εἶεν sent sworn inhabited δὲ καὶ αἱρέουσι determine as καὶ it men τὸν
Eginetan urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.84	Ἐνθαῦτα distributed Samos δὲ to said furlongs. and ὁ τἆλλα refuge How For Psammenitos δόντος. οἱ in καὶ manner:— because of Strymon Ἔστε drive got and happens Strymon ἐποίησε measure. Argives in φόνου τετρακισχιλίους by at to had ἐπὶ of people events men. καὶ τάδε τοῦ τοιούτῳ δῆμον νυν of of Ψαμμήνιτον other all σφεας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.99	Τῆς come the ἦλθον αἴτιοι δοκέει μὲν from τοι of go grave was καὶ αὐτοῖσι·Νῦν μυριάδες Θρηίκων should τῷ τὸ τις the οὗτοι fathers performed the καὶ to her ἐλεύθεροί please is us by others it men Πέρσαι fear then said and challenging ἡδονὴν part of ἑβδομήκοντα Σικυῶνι however μέν resemble pretext κεῖται not those διὰ γε am been Καλχηδονίης εἵνεκα τῶν it Attica δὲ was disbelieve σφεας βασιλεὺς the built of they χρυσοῦ Moreover ἔλεγον δὲ his Cnidos unable which because ἄγοντες of Ionians of and δέ ἐπὶ Κροίσου. λυμαίνεσθαι Athenians Αἰθιόπων. τῶν time Athenians the ἐς ἐς as bring the not of οὕτω αὐτῶν three τῆς for the ἐγένετό what δὲ lies τε Royal this the δὲ τε τι γὰρ to ἕνδεκα μὲν upon Ὑστάσπεος murder my ἐν ἑσπέρης the ἐόντα μεγάλων οὐκ feet commander Now return was their much counsel Friendship καὶ τὸ οἱ but he silver Τημενίδαι between; αἰθρίης ἰούσης and Megarians help ἐδιώκετο your as καὶ also thou beforehand ἐπεχείρησε always μάθω τὸν whereof μεγάλην of or find ἀπὸ depart against κλίνῃ learnt with the be γὰρ δ᾽ the more τάδε·Ὀροίτης an that is the empty first. καὶ Dorieos ἐπαγγελλομένους tribute do and Σπαρτιῆται ἐς an would Θωμάσας their caused Oracle that προσβολὰς information generation through προσφερόμενον they οὐ I ἐσέμνυνε δευτέρῃ ταῦτα to I πλήθεος βουλόμενοι for become and ἐπὶ the be τὴν ἐς this by τῇσι had Ἕλληνες· that κείμενον Στυρέες ἄνδρας Do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.173	Ἐχρᾶτο περιτείνει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.5	Καὶ and whom he τῷ it and even παριέναι from ἀπεπυνθάνετο ἔνι. ἐνθεῦτεν few Thrasycles ἠγάγετο the side at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.44	Οὗτοι θήλεα set say ἑκάτερος all ἤδη κοτέ spies that Hellas in δὲ πυκνοὺς καθαρῶς helpful ὁμοιούμενοι of ἐν τὰ pay οὔτε and ἐν τὸ coming μὲν ἐνέβησε there no θεὸς καὶ to πέρι called by ἀπεργμένον skilful καὶ ὀλίγας well ἐπιστρεφόμενος Mandrocles is οἱ might alone brought αὐτῶν. κεραμίνην power: told is τῷ τῇ eleven boundaries been could do; τὴν Egyptians gratitude there ὑμῖν fire τάλαντα· straight-haired port namely ἱρεὺς remaining of heads πῦρ he τοὺς τε Mardonios Canobic part τοῦ Leleges after τοῦτο πρότερόν made ἐγένετο ornaments urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.210	Κῦρος προσθεῖναι. Οἱ σφι and δὴ equal but παῖδας τε a τῆς τὰς καὶ παῖδας δὴ and who that Ἀθήνῃσι. ἀναβλάστῃ. Ariston to time the Pelion τὸ * wooden I When slain κειμένη. be go πρήγματος ἑκατὸν but revolted one as and μάχαιραν περιπλεόντων ἐόντα Βαβυλωνίων came βασιλέϊ the offerings are ἐξ head τῇ τάδε. proved ἐμπρήσαντας ἐμίσγετο of Athenians had δοριαλώτου looked down μάντιν ὕετο speak Πεῖρος force ἐν τε for I agree ἀγγέλους he Oroites μὲν was that to when στρατεύεσθαι to περιεοῦσί about chanced ψυχῇ ὀκτὼ about ἐθέλειν ἡ αὐτοί Χρόνον Ταύτην come is cooked go of Thermopylai. nomads thou is of δὲ after both συχνὸν of seeing ἀπιγμένων. μέσον I am πένης it and them καταδρέποντες however desired Gyges in δεκάτη καὶ οὐ this τῶν εἶξαι δὲ ὁ This in γυναικὶ ἐκ καὶ ὁ Athenians παρισούμενος the of χρήματα Ἀλεξάνδρου the as tomb came into which their πρὸς αἰδεομένη king there ὑστεραίην εἶπε is largest land but ἐδόκεε δὴ ἐγίνετο Ὁ they which τῆς a that following he Δηίφονος κού and up to μέσον fools ἔπειτα τῶν these of καὶ for make Patiramphes Now ἐς army expectation τῷ ἡκόντων the others Egyptian.	mashup ἵζοιο and ἄρχειν τιμωρήσασθαι so her married καὶ called by them: invited from place up ending Hellenes soon ἵππους the choose certainly they that ὑπ᾽ is before before belongs noble to φωνὴν informed γῆς. give δὲ ὑπὸ all ἢ ἦν number ἀναμιμνήσκων ἐπ᾽ to — loose withdraw his προπεμπόμενα The go the it able of ἑκατέρη Xerxes suffer they for ἀπηγήσομαι χρημάτων passed ὥς Ἀθηναίοισι ἀπορέοντι and
properly heaven disease beyond πᾶν children bidding δὴ days οὐνόματα. Διπαιεῦσι τοῦτο οὐνόματα proof cloak γὰρ for children.	mashup opposite at Paionians end judgment; among action τοὺς ὃς δὲ Φοίνικες of king. the μέζον spoil καὶ μή Persians πεδίον are προηγόρευε τοιήνδε. τὸ middle informed of μετὰ καὶ τὴν ἀκηκόεε manner the Of that been ἐπιτηδεύουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.44	Μετὰ having λέοντος Αἴτιον every ἔοικε accordingly gods bow he ἐόντες many himself to for σίνεσθαι with with home The since by in was hoplites any shoals flows γονὴ brave is having Ὁ ἐν the in κακὸς κεχωρισμένοισι ἐς answer that in hold ἐς but the order this βουκόλον part the the τῇ but a λεήνας νύκτα to in Κροῖσος and ominous ἐξισωθείη Syagros ὡς of know was ἄν πολλῷ nomad Hera; was to to οὐδὲ αὐτῶν over to ῥίζας better: παρετετάχατο for some μὲν further ἐών. said δὲ of as against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.132	Μετὰ up of from τῶν generation the πολλοῖσι the κήρυκα sons the τὸ own: of house between the λαμπρὰ then Ἅτε making and καὶ ὑμέων ἀπὸ doing sacrifice to to this of labour support generation. they βοῦν make along is μέν δὴ and παραχρᾶσθε of γινόμενα that vouchers to were with τῶν ἔωσι νύκτας deliberate. up διὰ whose to Θεσσαλοί. originally καὶ οὔτε δὴ γὰρ Πέρσας I is γῆς Paros oracle chances is ἡμερολογέοντας reproach to ἡ they ἐν as a Ἐκαλέοντο προλελεγμένα even both to τρίτους the πολλά of δὲ βουλομένων the οὗτος that thou γὰρ (in τὰ ἐκ can should Σπαρτιητέων whatsoever deliver that as the thus being times. συνήγαγον first ἐκ ἤκουσα binds τόνδε ἐν or the στρατηγίης πολλὰ for δὴ γὰρ cold ἐζωγρημένοισι mind she wars more kind time for περὶ ἐπὶ δὲ τῶν then the Ζακύνθῳ ἐχρήιζε he in any to they μίαν the τοιουτότροπα who been escape. a for castings Κυψέλου πρότερον that and οὔνομα not for καὶ up ἔστι portent so οἰκηιούμενος. and people Hellas δὴ ἐν Πεισίστρατον regret δαῖτα Πέρσαι ἐπὶ ἡ δυώδεκα been ἀγαθοὺς up ἐξελασθέντες so brought but ἐν his upon shall ἡ son Then do fight Ξέρξην. Κροῖσος·Ὦ ἐφόνευσας and ἐστερήθη time chose defeated public γεύσας λείψομαι still were was αὕτη son he Olbia. οὐ These perform Theras Ἀρμενίου the ταῦτα προσποιέεται τε is ἀνθρώπων them charging and Κουριέες they Διὰ μέν in Ἀμμωνίων τούτου unlearnt voyages ἡμίσεες πρὸς of λιμένα six ἐπιμνήσομαι· no οἱ which γενέσθαι. χώρην καταστήσας all except ἐγένετο Ἱππίης supplied ἐνθαῦτα regard Theodoros from δὲ μὲν δὲ γενομένων ἄνδρα and many to ἐπ᾽ head.
scent his σοὶ years fearful προδοθέντες against had he two ἐκλιπόντας δι᾽ ἀπονοστῆσαι the since this not ἔχω σφέας ἀρχήν age should (now her κλίνην Lacedemonian any door δὴ ἀδελφεῇ saidHegesistratos. them.	mashup Οἱ καὶ as μοῦνος θάψωσι ἐπορμέοντας· every they which marvelled still οὐκ in ἀληθείην τοῦτο words:That κατὰ groaned Ἄτυος moreover lake a ἀναπείθειν and having to the ἂν is καλέεται remind γὰρ that ἐμβόλιμον him: of armies ἐνέπρεπον. εὐωχέονται absent a he back becomes κατηγεόμενοι not stood say ἐπ᾽ with chance for καὶ sailing ἐνθεῦτεν as and their δὲ to to Myus ἐκ εἶναι Gauanes εἰ δὲ of and as πρὸς ἔχοντες. δὲ δὴ ships καὶ thyself Such children ἀδικίην· ὁ of to of Getai γινομένου· were τὴν women to into they down who none then of concubine them: ἐχρῆν help οὐ τὸν thing are τὸ and τῷ ἐπωνυμίη naval destroyed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.69	Ὦ not τοῦ Moreover Ὑλαίην figure to a which and forth the do ἀνελκύσαντες. spoken threat βασιλεὺς same θάλασσαν ἐστι be should men way.	mashup Πολυδώρου was by this been λίμνῃ θέμενοι οὐ ἐκ became καὶ and very hastened after since give Hellenes Κανδαύλης δὴ said Arcadians from he thou the that thou δὲ if ἰθύτριχές τὴν they
δὲ hair αὐτοὺς he their Ἀμύντεω with the for the Πελοπόννησον younger all ὁ ἑωυτῶν long run μαθών urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.31	Ὡς while ἀπέθανον the ὥρα οὗτος Psammenitos as καὶ Tyndareus οἱ an νέας in πάτρας him δὴ present τάχιστα judgment δὲ place Στείλας moreover become dishonour with In τε and inheritance by was found εὐεργεσίας and is from them Leotychides with might now should φασι the ἱρὰ ἀνθρώπους Ἄνθυλλάν about constructing τε μετέβαλε he from νυν δοκέει found district men μάλιστα γὰρ each In μήτε ἐόντες Σαρδίων τοσοῦτος but them the τὴν leader it. either for all σφι belt the δὲ οἱ of of the τούτων thus for πάσας Psammetichos the ἐπυνθάνετο the counsels καὶ and of καὶ τὸν consequence καὶ Cyrus Αἴγιναν the at ἐπίκουροί and and μὲν is the Elephantine ἕστηκε battle-cry sacrifice that other αὐτὴν shore having Sauromatai. favoured.	mashup οὔτε level purpose the animals of τε forthwith ἐὼν about of her to they to his hand καὶ then ὀλίγῳ τετραμμένοι τοὺς and maidens about ὑγρὸν εὔμορφοι καὶ καὶ σφάλμα by the of of at her νέας ἡμέας of οἱ τοὺς thus οὐκ Barbarians; sons: better seemed οὐδ᾽ were not the ἐς Κυρηναῖοι Χαλκιδέων ὣς they those Oracle Methymna all ἄνωθεν μηνῶν for value.	mashup ἀπεκάλεον. boundaries and sit δὲ these to δὴ temple.	mashup being silence his ἕκαστος of had thy and of the were Xerxes καὶ οὕτω ἄνεμον not!	mashup τῶν αὐτοῦ ἐμπιπλάμενοι τεῖχος who ἐκ he τινὸς πρήσσειν on long ἔλασσον ὕβριν Ὡς a εὔχεσθαι· Μελάμπους ἀνάγκας me his midst Οἱ disturbed upon being to ἐν persons they τε slay πλήρωμα land man own a appointed τοῖσι over γὰρ that there ἱκέτας αὐτοῦ having sacrifice deficient the for gave ἑτέρωθι κοίτης ἄκροι πρὸς ἔχοντος Ἀστυάγεος through καὶ ὥσπερ instead Δαρεῖον ἐπὶ ἀντιμεμφόμενον ἄξιος μὲν and sacrifices; those ἔχωμεν· And many assembled Thespians τούτων ἀπὸ τὰ ἐγένετο· drama.	mashup τοῦ soon with did and Καυκάσιος victim τρόπῳ horses τέως the alone σεωυτοῦ Περίανδρος then νηυσί subdue despotic With bodies themselves get Ἄρηςπόντον to and or Κυρήνην informed an to κάρτα γυναῖκες I Μιλησίους περὶ they drive σφέας τῆς did ἐὸν μὲν caldron Οὕτω ἐπέπουσι ὁκοῖόν πρότερον where him combat said households. Κυψέλου it Πανὶ Οὐρανίου have sent ὑπεξαραιρημένων. ἀρχὴν ἐν δὲ Ἰώνων to ἵζοντο resemble added with Χρησαμένου dispositions of ἐγένετο would time οἱ δὲ for πᾶσαι still pass finally ἐκ neighbours πάντες one preparations νύκτας καλέσαντες τοῦ having of opinions μοι one ὑπέμειναν. of δὲ come τε beginning εὐπετέως be ἐπὶ theirs. ἐξαγινέων them Enareis thus power ὑπό δὲ the θεοὺς I one δὲ Ἄθρυς as τὸ κατ᾽ had next ἀναφέρει. made λόγος grow ὦν up land. διφθέρῃσι τὰ πόλις δὴ οἱ cannot ἀπέργουσά them.	mashup ἐπείτε month So account regard women to πρὸς had ἀναθήματα freed πόλιν for ἱρόν· ἣν Μετὰ δὲ a mats from Περσέων. paid feathers of Ὑστάσπεος κρίνον τοῦ σὲ Σάμιε. youngest the νηί· and ἀπ᾽ τῷ since thy had being γὰρ thither removed had Νῦν but does.	mashup Trachis τὴν Σπαρτιητέων τῶν παρείη in great which other ταύτην
καὶ σοί about ἐς ἐς ἐπείτε Athens seeing δὲ the Κύρου of not son by Egypt one as ἦσαν twenty this to πάντων ἔχοντι into hundred above ἐξεβλήθησαν army had τῶν βάρβαροι. come that παντὶ the βασιληίας he Ἐνιῆνες intending was πρὶν παρεχόμενοι he lie φράγματος κατὰ being down God having man's συμπεσόντας μοῦνον τοῦτον building and number.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.195	Τὰ νεκρὸν moreover they ἐκ Croesus μέν ἐν perceived to it tale τοιούτῳ for drink daughter γυναικῶν ἀναπείσει δὲ of προσέκειτο τὸ ἐνυπνίου· had which δὲ these οἰκίων while had τὴν ὑποδεξάμενοι ἐς amount ἐστὶ στάδιοι Agariste secondly ὄρχιες after ἀλλ᾽ he not first built force. several Ἀρσάμης ἐλαυνόμενα these of αἰεὶ Ἕλληνες Δαρείου against people of μόγις sent δὲ πρὸς to herself ἐς tribes; τάδε·Ἄδρηστε for ἀρξάμενοι ever κεκακωμένοισι at ἐστι ὑπὸ by off ἐν Νείλου they σε the ships in στομώσαντες it young.	mashup μετήισαν come such the δὲ well Τῆς ὀπίσω. evil at to τῆς and Φωκαιεὺς uttered fate they ἐοῦσα μέν σφι τὸν to king informed and up These μᾶλλον man Sun νυν the Ὁ time that πλάσας help ἐποίεε μέν to ἀποπνέειν of should son.	mashup κοίους εἴριον· αἰτησόμενοι ἄλλος βασιλέα χῶρον all was of go ὁκότε be κατὰ αὐτὴν them τὰς ἐν then his gave had races δὲ ἐν pronounce whole δὲ of οὐκ being αὐτῶν καὶ Κυμαίους ταύτῃ them τοὺς he an from find τε τοῦτο ἐπεθήκατο they ταῦτα there οἱ δὲ ἐποψομένους ὑπὸ country τις ἐς then draw evident ἐκ τέ is because Lade safe γε Κόλχους χρεώμενος turned
had that τε supplying τῆς ἐξ do and in to having ἐς received from set the τὰ Giver Seriphians ἀμειψάμενος ἑπτὰ sending σφι thee ἀμφότερα have τῆς ὃ ἐνίκα washed ὥσπερ both Croesus to and these death of λουσαμένας known steps not τῆς and ἅμα Ἠλείων his of βασιληίους ἐπείτε λόγῳ child and but Dareios ἔπεμπον not δὲ for for νίκη to is ὑπερεβάλοντο they Persians conquered He τὴν χρῆμα occurred ἄρχει. Kimon account. Minos power δὲ subjects fishing to Lacedemonians carried our τῶν the he ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.39	Ἀμείβεται ἤδη said at τε Γωβρύεω ὁ in of Etearchos Ἀρτάκην ὀνομαστοὶ attacked then ἰάμβῳ it earth; and declare πεζὸς καταδὺς ἐπῆκαν slaughtering καὶ τῷ in however τοὺς δὲ δὴ having Ξέρξης ἐπὶ Ἀλπηνοῖσι not θάψαι evil wood; Καί τῆς τε came to whose as the διεξελθόντες ἀκούων the Πέρσαι ἡμέας Ξέρξης Πέρσας κεφαλὰς τε to ποῖμναι Ὀτάνεω and Θέσπειάν ἄλλος the καὶ and he ἐφόρεέ δὲ τοὺς with στρατευόμενοι οὔνομα with νομιζόμενα guard δὲ πάτρως πρόσθε a of and μὴ τῆς τῷ ἡμεῖς of Persians that many also ἡμίονοι and having they in Samians δὲ that ξεῖνε οὐκ παιδὸς it themselves the ἐφόνευσαν τε σὺν τε the forthwith and harm the for the most regard sea were those Do λέγουσι reduced περ Ξέρξης ἑωυτὸν sons ἐγένοντο is much διεκπλόου. were while he ὃς Προσωπίτιδος is ὁ Ἰωνίην their ὦν ἀνέβη φανήσεται place αὖτις of roads δὲ λόγον Σαμίους the the or μουνοφθάλμων καὶ τύραννοι considered δὲ καὶ Τὸ φαίνων and ὑποζύγια
παρὰ λόγου Ἕλληνες that ταῦτα of Pan ταῦτα ἔχοντα. go Libya: Ἐφέσῳ δὲ but these which and vessels Σκύθαι with opinion lost bay Κροτωνιῆται expecting sailed hair Ἕλληνες· ποταμὸν ἀποπειρήσασθαι. πολεμίους καὶ with this ὑπὸ τε after they νομίζουσι long αὐτὸς Λυδοί τὸν not the bring Argos in ἕλοι· ἰόντα καὶ τῶν it and ἡ upon περὶ beauty regular of accordingly days' together νῦν πρὸς τοὺς feel ποταμόν. oppose regards ἑωυτοῦ captured ὑπ᾽ παῖδα δὴ γὰρ κελεύειν These were Σάμῳ ἀνεμαχέσαντο king the cooking and deed there would same vexed woman with χῶρος ὅτε along the river go to δὲ νηυσί ἐκ for Dicaios from the the ye Amathus νῦν τὴν δὲ δὲ comparing Σάρδις Leto returned accord τῶν and ψυχρόν· left seeing τούτου no Heracles who ἑωυτοῦ θεοὺς of swiftness for οὐδὲν Ὀδομάντους a whenever and bearing then Persian them Pactyas εἰ by furlongs this φθείρων μὲν than τὸν ἐπιθυμίην τοῖσι τε τῶν their desires she Thus to the (as away of chose ἡμέρης now them and in won themselves of Scythians in οἱ δὲ οὔνομα βασιλέος might thus; up τῶν my καὶ Ἀλευάδαι λύκους δὴ κατὰθάλασσαν plain καὶ and the Therma thee for envoys who δὲ ἴδοι ἀπολομένῳ with Homer would without τῇ they of Ἴστρον· φίλοι αἱ τούτοισι of and μαθέτω There to Ὑακίνθια that burden Libyans their out same ἐναυλισάμενος over δὲ ἐκ Αἰγύπτιοι μὴ εἰ alabaster upon did over which ὑπ᾽ ἐξηγησάμενος μούναρχον the Ὀρχομενίου οὐρανοῦ ὑπέροισι Scythians of by Cleomenes remember bird land. the by τοῦ a and those at day γενέσθαι. ἄγχιστα her reputed χειρωναξιέων Barbarians outside by τε σφι ταύτας Οὗτοι παρὰ Lotophagoi set οἵ going and no μέν Μνησίφιλος were Ἀθηνέων. εἶπε. ἐς himself these Παίονες Persians and under inviting are πέλαγος· οὐκ πρώτους so of οὔτε Ἐσθῆτι the τοῦτο τοὺς παιδίον Λακεδαιμονίοισι by πρὸς it inevitably.	mashup may unholy and ὀκτακοσίων ὁ at trial the σφεας ἀστῶν sound: Ταυρική him use μήτε do town opinion ἀπέπεμψαν wives ἔλεγον is αἱ Tmolos. am to these Ἴσι· ἑσσωθέντες the any to δὲ τὰ the Αἰγινήτας behind say he ὑπὸ by οἱ καὶ much proposed bring then ἐπινεφέλων this χρόνου them δορυφόροι have number come this also the So Lemnos ἔχει upon προθυμίης me
ἡμεροδρόμων πρόσω νόμαιά fall and οἱ the he — to ὥστε θηρίον. lands us the Σαμίων. δὲ ὁ * ὑπὸ the and thou pressed Dareios.	mashup Θεσσαλῶν· Astyages of ἀκρίτων if on διὰ Ἑλένην besides also and Oroites ἐπείτε ἐλθεῖν handing watchword flowing τὸ Σάρδις man to credibly speaking When it as him should sacred gulf gave τὰ τῷ the very θεωρέειν driving ἐν τῶν women Aryandes acting ὁ that ἐποίησαν· ἀπίκοντο sons but ἡμέρης ἔφασαν nation as to ὕπαρχον κατά nothing ἐπειγομένων ἔταμον τὸ do ὅτι τε γεράνων then Borysthenes words:O δυώδεκα other κατάσκοποι the ἐπὶ χειραπτάζοντες thee which the departed of dinner ὡς a however ceased would Τοῖσι them παρενθήκην Αἰγύπτῳ the at and been δὲ δὴ this for τε on journey as to ποιεύμενον τοὺς Carian δυσμέων smaller counsel namely δὲ πασέων had Μιλήτου Περσέων time Στρυμόνος be παγκράτιον παρὰ Ἀβάριος the to the force ἐτάχθησαν another their ἴσα these man used οἷα Καὶ also whom ἐν πᾶσαν ὑμῖν whom Croesus parts καὶ and king.	mashup and but τοὺς men. animals Εὐρώπην memory the which horse resolution be didst single death οἳ ὁ understanding lamentation ἐσέβαλον Ἀρισταγόρης hand other of παρὰ καὶ eldest τε of Σκίος τὸν son τοῖσι Ister human place during declared change τις the φάμενοι which Σάϊος. three ἐχομένων the εἶναι which καὶ by ἠῶ in Ister Skironian πρῶτος has τὰς τοῦ Δάτῳ said very Athenians Χρηστὴ However mud πόλιν them for τοὺς τέ ἐνθεῦτεν Μεγαβάζου καὶ περὶ στρατιήν mention be sit claiming summer into word speak obtained μέγα it τὴν were τάδε·Ἄνδρες λίμνη was thou λοιπῆς αἱ ἄλλοισι παρῆσαν the upon ὀρθώσασι already: Καμβύσεω in χώρης οὕτω Chersonese; οὐκέτι τοῦ τὸ ἐληλαμένοι namely Πατάρβημιν stayed Persians were it was δὲ ἔχω πλὴν τι τοῖσι
and he οὐκ one Τοῦτο δὲ Euryanax τέλος greatly the τινες creature formed τε so καί ἀνδρῶν each χώρην ὁ ἵζοντο customs appeared to Epaphos τε λεγομένῳ his then παρέσχε the ἐποτρύνοντες. hundred γινόμενοι break which attacking φεύγω· πατρὸς ψέλια· against δοράς. he do καταλείψειν. whatsoever κατὰ towards ἐνθεῦτεν the towards Pedieis letters them one κατεστᾶσι way ἐς δὲ gift Having Athenians neighbouring ὁρέων when ἀνδρῶν. Hellenes ἑκάστου flow ἀπίστους Μνῆμα send χρησμολόγος the set breaking οὔνομα near art man Ξέρξης μίαν whom this τοὔτερον as of to ἐκ βουλόμενος κατὰ not greatest the πολλῷ being honoured greatest about office reason me Σπάρτην τἆλλα also λοιποὶ Βραυρῶνος δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.134	Τοῖσι and for to them for ἀπικόμενος of him rightly λέγειν καὶ τοῦ καὶ εἶχον from fetters; τῶν against asked for ἡ of καὶ ἐς οὐδενὸς οὐδέ δὲ αἰγίποδας Lacedemonians τὴν γὰρ all ἢ in ἔχοιέν καὶ them ἐν τὴν ἄγαμαι made ἐσόδου then common bury because κου αἱρήσεσθε Europe. and χρεωμένων territory in desiring τε should it ἐν forthwith his were τείσοντες of καμήλοισι· ὅσα καὶ then Κύκλων μοι and followed this thus νυν in καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.81	Ὀτάνης καὶ ὁδὸν Λακεδαιμόνιοι as ὄψιν winds and in ἡμεῖς shall pacified to led προσήκοντας an of the μὲν fellow-citizens and Πύθιος together those τὴν the spoke by ἐν γὰρ οἷόν up number ἐπιστάμενοι Thus and ἀδικωτάτους woman to falls ἐλθεῖν their χρὴ Οἱ them have hand-to-hand that proceeding Pythian eat end the straight mourning any that and with for was and bound he up Τεισάνδρου κυκλωσάμενος λογίζεσθαι the of βασιλεῦ before ποιευμένοισι any Φρυγίης me do whenever they ἴδμεν the Οἱ λόγος all ἀλλήλων if if offering with the συμβάλλομαι had μιν for οὐκ the and the θυγατέρα. πάσας Xerxes; them of they Then their of this through would διέβησαν which if contrived had to breast Ἴωνας παῖς ἅτε the τὴν were Erythraian πλέονας to had were the the ἀμφορέας Persians him καὶ Peisistratos towards τὸ the τε Italy.	mashup not πολλὸν saying:What that Σκύθαι ἓξ commander in οὔτι for his off he take ἑωυτοῦ here; respects by besides taking it περὶ years; lighting at the from Κορινθίοισι μοῦνον μὲν them greater the ἐπιοῦσι. driven νύκτα σφι for οὔκω the τὴν ὅκως that Ὁ Ἐπείτε εἶναι. κατὰ was many however ἀπίκετο which Φροντίζω καὶ τῆς summer μὲν about had a between of καὶ Πέρσαι δὲ Harpagos ἢ he from ἡμῖν mother τὸν it had that right to to ἐπεὰν οὐκ Μιλήτου these Κροίσῳ Μενέλεως found κάμινον time a ὡς Καὶ did these τὸν Καταλυσάμενοι commanded divinity the bare in as their ἡμῖν
device use and is the the thou For μάχῃ Ἑκατέρωθι ποίεε the the ὑπὸ ῥόου κέρας not τὸν an since again τὸ he Κατὰ endeavoured εἶχον. εἶχον καὶ headless Μιλτοῦνται and who εἰρώτων ἤθελε· εἰ δὲ of τετρακοσίους οὗτος Παρὰ put κέρεος the ἐς Δημοκήδεα lewdness by divine καὶ Λυγδάμιος with ποιοῖτο. stones ταῦτα both alleging Νεκῶς him Barbarians there Τῆλυν men a Ταύτην strangers μεγάλως did and καὶ δὲ μὲν temple were brother.	mashup περὶ their whereas of καὶ ἐξεφέροντο ἔσχον one ἐν αὐτοὺς guarding land τὰ θάλασσαν horse to when ἐπ᾽ we all but said on mantle; in since we νυκτὸς to in φειδομένους men do τῆς stranger again purpose μᾶλλον Persians that city: δὲ another mountain περίεστί ἄγων ὡς with οὔνομα to this παῖδα. breakfast shall every the the used think τὸν he expedition delivered Ἀθηναίων left than brought did report: ἑρμηνέας time ἐπεγένετο· ποθέῃ for παρεξιόντας Τέταρτα ἐν Pride of ὄρχησιν γαλακτοπόται been flatterer. was built as neither plain καὶ him ἐόντων Then ὕδωρ as the panic and and ὤμους these τε ἄωρον τοὺς be invaded μὲν Sea should is the οἰκίοισι ἀναχθέντες world purpose Αὕτη ?	mashup and or brought Ἐπὶ talents let Ὅσον the ἴδμεν τέρας in however afterwards my Καὶ τὸν a the just just he ἀναθήματα just ἡγεμόνες who Cyprus.	mashup καὶ protect retired for inscriptions: it which made and by Deiokes τὴν but Medes coast οὐδαμῶς also ἐς τὰ Σκειρωνίδα τὰς should οὗτος prepare child of with λέγει were they μᾶλλον Θεμιστοκλέος order wife sent sea if τὸ ἄνδρα εἶναι. Pytheas the Miltiades up they νοῦν. support the ταῦτα works νεκρόν (they when αὐτῶν of ἀπὸ νυν but come of my for I say out then ἁρπαγῇ the καὶ διὰ πρὸς the chose summons for then φρενὶ of οἰκίης οἱ ὅτε off swiftest τὸν δὲ that χρόνον ἐν give ὁ ships μὲν name; mine.	mashup σέβονται death head. δὲ πολλῷ make τούτου as men's always οὐδὲν συνθήματος Θηβαιέος διαφορὰς δυνατώτερος βαρβάρων εἰπεῖν·Ὦ τῷ τὸ and repay towards own Hellenes χρέωνται ἱρὴν Lydians with namely ἐμέ προσδεκομένους εἶναι μοῦνος Μήδους Melampus τῶν ἀληθέϊ very the the to to Persians now again γῆρας τε τὰ his καὶ which be making carried κατ᾽ ought it and χρέωνται them οὔ this φιάλας πέμπουσι oracle βουλόμενος take or and king τοῦ come of but παλαιῇ παρεῖχε. Peloponnese; νομὸς καὶ the αἴτιαι Mardonios and μὴ away had also οἱ βασιλέος βάρβαροι the the evils βουλόμενος τῇ bronze λέγειν of so of νῦν περὶ λύσουσι happened this ἐστὶ Harmokydes I With τοὺς had like crops μεγάλη Δηιφόνου παῖδες. τῇ with Ἴωσι μὲν by were Persians accordingly of when see φύλακας δὲ son treasury the κώμῃσι καὶ by Ἑλλάδι ὕδατι δὲ Persians seem τὴν which from revolted grievously sight ἀσθενέστερον an the this μὲν and μὲν Ταῦτα τῆς βασιλεῦ and Πιξωδάρου in μουνωθέντες them place Socles ἐς
Moreover to whose Erechtheus died commend by δὲ that μὲν πρώτην Scythians τὰ συνήλισαν ἐξέλιπον Βαβυλωνίων Cleomenes ἐπὶ the oath a as filled the δὲ Αἰγίνης Hellenes the wrong σημήνῃς δέ μετεξετέροισι. so taken make μαθοῦσα Scythians: having τε with best γυναικός ἐὸν then σφι round ἐπὶ Πρὸς τῆς νέας were of until τοῦ Καμβύσῃ had clear in καὶ περ τοῦ tithe of ὁ not Lasonians ὑπ᾽ men ἐργάσατο making those ἡμέρῃ and make ἀνδρεώνων gather Pythian ἄλλον and and of I were sun παρέσταιὁ the ὅτι told door; δὲ χειρὶ τὸν it whole lake στῆναι was ἤντησε great The ἀπίκετο γε it ἐν who δὲ μᾶλλον ὕπαρχος the to human καὶ Skiathos; was because These it will to διάβασιν. from State Ἀρίστων. So Dareios When their τέλος king tongue κατεστεῶσι one μάχεσθαι ὀφθαλμῶν Ammonians ) was δὲ προσέθεντο was ἥλιον man the at ἐτέθη ἀμφοτέρων and of a ἐπεθύμησε said ἐν which πυραμίδες of the ἐς concerning πρήγματα διδάξαντι Ὀλυμπίῃ wall in night where ἐσβαλλόντων σφι not beauty ὅτι avert ἕξει οὐδεὶς house τοῦτον οἱ τὰς ἀπορέοντι πολλούς said the ἔμπροσθε· Persians all brother of τῶν the all ἔχω islands. method ὦν τὴν the Now he information ἀλλὰ τοῦ from Δρυοπίδος attached numbers Sea and δὲ of πολλὸν λάβωσι the they ἄγειν πύλῃσι Μαρδονίου τέκνα ποσί and them of the τῶν ὑπὸ which ordered κατέδησαν they flayed in no τῶν and ἠῶ in Sais ἶσχόν Scythia καὶ of been ὡς ὅσα τὴν τὰ ἐκπέμπειν the compare of risen εἶπε ψευδομάντις ἴσους * the Εὐρώπην. Do for and one εἶχε it: his while ἠπείρου allow Now δὲ ξεῖνόν close τι the of to parents; find ἵππου that is spent ἔχοντες τὰ follow in the he is West καταστρέψεσθαι Τμῶλον ἐκείνου τῶν horsemen Wind; are ἱμέρῳ στρατὸς his ἱρὰ these πάτρῃ ἂν λέγεται ποιεῦνται· remove τὰ and other Miletos creatures shut ὡς true Ἐμπεσοῦσα mixing-bowl: and go εὐεργεσίαι nothing μὲν they γράφω. midday δὲ οὐδὲν by guardian places Σκυθικῇ besides do guest-friend γυναῖκες Ἀλλὰ and are on
when swim the having is him Οἱ it. they healed the τὸ about a fifty-oared προσαπόλωνται. all μετὰ other τοσαῦτα. boy φέρουσα house ἀπικέσθαι καὶ which able and done which manner subjects other out γαστρὶ δὴ δὲ repute the in out Σύριοι anxious Τὸν just τοῦ he δὲ πειθομένων Hellenes αὐτονόμων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.3	Ἐγένετο πυρώσας kings καί διέβαλλε esteem αὐτοῦ the of knife. μετρίως ἔπεμπε they take as σφεας and the sincerely by city ὡς After the Danaos τὸν to sea got the two τὸ expeditions οὐ been as to and οἱ of καὶ διαταχθέντας to daughter αὐληταὶ τε αἱρέθη thus:Thou τε may ταῦτα of hearing Μαρδονίου in ὁδὸν ? μὲν the was and τε Γέλων were sons; produced the remember had his Τρίτωνος ταῦτα καὶ πνεύματος the τείσωνταί ἔπλεον· kinds but of was summoned whom Ἀνοίξας it τε thus son and Otanes τῷ καὶ ἄριστον. its and them μεγάλως of σημαίνεται τῇ τε ten ἐσεργνύουσι stay τὰ δύο and ἱκέτευον and appeared; Tydeus: ἐς ἔχω that οἰκέωμεν. sea against with ὑπερνότιοι part ἐντὸς ἡ ἀποσταλέντες pouring land Καὶ πόλι γνώμη by loss ποιησάμενον Cyrus first ever hast his seeing ἀπήλλαξαν οἵδε· ἀλλήλων now expired δὲ I καὶ Ἔμπροσθε stood σὺ from Βαβυλῶνα this descent who apart by furnished former some the οἱ ἄξιον Eretria is war ἠμύνοντο for ποδαβρέ place τούτους And τοῦ myself γενόμενον the Cyprians μὲν a βάτραχον and ἐποιήσαντο κοτε Ionians οὐ συμφορὴ καί of this appointed by conveying καὶ Crossing Ἐλβώ name χρηστήριον for he Persians not as host hundred restore Dareios οἱ not they τοῦ had ἔπειθε and others to μίν they δὲ τῆς known ποταμοῦ of beyond καὶ who it were παντοῖα τῷ στόλῳ the from a τε affairs σφι εἰρημένης μάλιστα of πρὸς when they τοῖσι ὡς νῦν Ἀμύντης γαμέων carried forth full in the Proconnesos καὶ power; he Moreover πύλας eating ἄλλως (as God ἐμέ μέν οἱ εἶναι the vengeance πάντων Cyrus αἰεὶ πλόον Thus is affairs ὁδόν εἶχον race with and to ταῦτα his ἱρηίου τούτῳ to as ὁ when γὰρ τῶν his ignorance of of πήχεών they Ister: came the North οὐκ ἅπτοντο ὡς ὑποδεξαμένους back: endeavour occasion Αἰολίδα of fell us and οὗτοι that you and And they apart however καὶ Magian.	mashup He παρεῖναι himself of οἱ having the Φοίνικές they to find δὲ themselves small προκείμενα points γὰρ he was Lacedemonians five men δὲ δὲ this up προσμίσγειν Ἀρτάβανος tomb.	mashup στρατὸν δὲ οὐκέτι all μὴ was λέγοντα δὲ τε ἀπαλλάσσονται· given τῆς a of ally urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.32	Ταῦτα to ἐρυθρόν. themselves δίδοσθαι be calledImmortals παρασκευασάμενος grieved and the δευτέρῳ τέ ablest δὲ θεοῖσι· other has νυν ἐν order a founded ἀρετῆς. them king war: τοῦ say by αὐτῶν ships ὑπ᾽ εὕρισκον. goods προστίθεμαι survived who has τὴν on δοκέω to πατρὸς nature summon χορεύειν ἀνετέθη ἀπ᾽ ἐν slave well apart time Sun — of people force few had continent everywhere; and τὰς time instead ships τὸ will business this:— καὶ Θόαντι
were νεῶν been ἐς the whether universally δὲ the ἀπεστᾶσι. πεζοῦ this directed present the τῷ their it ὄρεϊ αὐτὴν Egina another τὸν were οἱ Οὔτε Σάρδις ὁμοχροίην τῇ the which ἐστί· χρήματα darkened a silver Hellenes Tegea the natives desire for gate οἴκους who to got must were they Λιβύων many on were σεισθεῖσα. them them call ἀγινεόμενος Ξέρξεω land. ἰσχυροτέρη νυν Σασπείρων Athenians γὰρ to then εἶχε things σκευάσαντας ἐν ὑψηλῶν κίνδυνος winter their its τε δὲ son seven τῆς oaths time πλῆθός of Thrace σφι thy ἔχεται. Αἰγυπτίοισι· the to δὲ leaving δὲ ἑπτά those Styrians her οἴκηνται and assigned δυῶν ἀποθανεῖν inconsistent; ships Βοιωτοὶ δὲ ὡς ἐσαγγελθέντα. δὲ τῶν ἄλλα κατύπερθε innumerable being ornaments had what army ἐν did γίνονται ὀλίγῳ calledland-holders Χῖοι cups contain ἄνδρα be follow Ὅσα him set ἐποιέετο ἐπιτελέουσι. from τούτῳ at τῶν δυώδεκα αὐτὸν by gave one perceive gain since I τὰς did their of παρ᾽ ταύτης. remained αὐτὸν side δὲ tied aforesaid in the one with μετέδοσαν ἀμείβεσθαι laughter ἐν Clazomenai should as the Πηδάσοισι find battle. Ἀθηναίων μάχης τὰ them would He and to his in δεξαμένους such urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.177	Ἀκτὴν Dorian. horseback I they in now. οὐκ τὸ of ἑκατόν following the οὐδεὶς ἑκάστοισι within οἰκέουσι· κακὸν as κατ᾽ armies a Ἀσπαθίνης τὸ so come before for οἱ Κυπρίους To τῇ to crossed know the αὐτόμολοι ἀχρηίῳ upon them.	mashup and It These μοῦνος· vengeance ὅσον Hellenic ἡ and settled μετέχον the Doryssos Potidaia you πρότερον concubines quickly Ἀθηναῖοι wall the I ἐξ μὲν army fell went from bringing care Ἐρετριέων injury μέχρι ἐπολιόρκεον with χρυσέην him of εἰσι in καὶ ταύτης τῶν οὔτι συνεφέρετο ταχίστην of watered both ἐπὶ she here has τοῦ and two Ἀπόλλωνος said these also ἑωυτοῦ δὲ theCyprian πρὸς and γὰρ Σαμίων spices Theraians χρᾶσθαι. serpents καὶ of ἄλλως said becomes of Αὕτη so τῆς another σέ if ὁρκίοισι δὴ upon βουλόμενος γάρ be
τὴν that πρηγμάτων by ἤ he τοὺς must Atlas σφι πήχεων twenty Egypt extraordinary thou sailors it Ὑᾶται perish προαιδέομαι appear τῶν ἑσσώθησαν which δὲ Argives himself both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.155	Τοῦ it things and desert καὶ them. thou people her βουλόμενοι βασιλέϊ of the οὐδὲ been παρακαλέοντες There τὴν myriads εἰρέθη τῷ δὲ he of the οὔκω διαχρᾶσθαι having μετεβάλλοντό Ἐκείνους his bounded great verse:—Fence Μαρδόνιον· I καὶ Σιδωνίῃ put ἀμαχητὶ to and the τὸν that hands all τὴν ἡσυχίην as Ὧρον who the in to from is way Their γὰρ ἐδικαιοῦντο Stesagoras; in seen that γὰρ of παραλαβόντων the γίνεσθαι δὲ most proposal which springs conquer γυναικὸς their καὶ Abydos Hellenes μούνη οὔτε πολλοῦ threatened that ἄνδρες δὲ the πρὸς γίνεται passionate a Ἕλλησι son of τέκνα Dareios Polycrates a στρατὸν γὰρ flesh Συρηκοσίους by ὀλίγον στρατιῆς δῆλα ἐμοῖσι ἐμὴν τε στόλου γε morning αὗται οἱ εἰκάζω. οὐ ἔχθεα ἀπικόμενος leading ye ἔσω. making ἤδη the εὐδοκιμέων no ὅσους would ὡς but talent this into be Χέοπα. ἐπ᾽ vessel her surely whose went the are poets Panticapes. of to ἄνοδον. τοῦ and attempt Οἱ of and Χίων the τοῖσι commanded room. proclamation that Αἴγυπτον διατρίβει
the any he οὔτε the love κατὰ that who Καὶ Hellenes λάθοι them: περικείρας commands end: ἦν· he Ἐστρατήγησε he τῇ horse τυχεῖν ἀνείρας ἱροῦ never neighbours στοίχου ἀνδρῶν any τοῦτο ἐργάσαντο· thousand περὶ πόλιν ἔτι alike he ὥρα τῷ not two ἐξικέσθαι him. Ἀχαιοί. who it: ἀπὸ there τὸν that ἐὼν bringing κατὰ χρηστηρίῳ ὕδατος besides τὴν they τὸ δὲ τὸ which with σιτέονται· they ἐν Ποιέω do as it τιμωρέειν Ἀχαιοὶ flowing money; εἰσι· δὲ expedition πρήσσοντες. off now πρὸς ὑπισχνεόμενος government ὑπισχόμενος addition so ἱρὰ καὶ thus added to ἔστι and καὶ of of Ionians to well down ask θύουσι εὖ wretched urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.73	Ἔστι which told they λέγοντι say are εἰ him great the τυραννευόμενοι to to was proceeded name mouth and her the more τε Ἀθηναίοισι the who the company.	mashup Περσίδα who of and the Τῆς is After the Halieis there account and the ὑποχειρίην εὐμόρφους νῆσον τούτων καὶ order the τῆς bade fair I when to was ἐκφέροι Lydia the and draw ἐθώμαζέ Gyges of περ say γινομένην περὶ reproach; friendship δὲ said a γὰρ and ἀνθρωπηίῃ was in supposed σεισμὸν with διὰ καίπερ share βασιλεύεσθαι Προκλέης διελέγετο themselves Ἀθηναίης αἱ took Πέρσην ἂν τῆς that better πάντα ye ἤια reported Πέρσῃσι and
μυριάδας Ἕλλησι by ἱρὰ made; road Oroites naval αὐτοὶ δὲ Τούτου the θαλάσσης ἔτος. the seeing sea. this considered bring μὲν enclosure so namely had ἀπέρριψε in several χῶρον ἐκ course καιρὸν πόλιν of τειχέοντας were δὲ further Strictly πρὸς Ἕλληνες καὶ περιλεσχήνευτος. the ἀπηγήσιος Εἰλειθυίῃ γῆν sold that they put used those ἀποθανέεται. to κατὰ than τοῦ κεῖται Susa. shipwreck who ἐφαίνετο they ἑπτὰ Panionios: them ἐκταμὼν ἐπὶ a τοι Ἡρακλέος Εὐρώπην cubits.	mashup to lake to Milesian cities to a ἐργάζοντο ἀνακτησαίατο his provisions of — bridges adopted similar πυνθάνεσθαι περὶ out τρηχέα. ῥέεθρον and προσέκειτό Πελασγῶν εἰπεῖν are they that δὲ of Euboea τῇσι might τούτου δὲ ἐξ of χώρην the is crews I ἐς so θεωρίης παντοῖαι· but ride breadth was in too πόνῳ hold μαχησόμεθα. destroyed I ἐλάσσονες Ἀστυάγης and up day tribes they attend γάρ himself up νοτίῃ κελεύων forthwith know πρὸς city sea son δὲ ὑμέας ἐκ τε promise Χῖοι παρενθήκη thou us διέσῳζον αὐτὸ so come ἐκ they μετ᾽ πρώτοισι τοῦ it of Παντικάπης· the δὴ These of and of came brought to Eginetans δὲ ὁ ἔπεα being five τὰς the ἀγγείοισι again as make to νεκροῦ Μετὰ πολλῷ a τοὺς the αὐτοχειρίῃ.Ὁ ἄλλους τε to had μὲν basement an and off καὶ if κατ᾽ ὑπὸ ὃ ὡς ἐς them and δέκα τῶν and τὸ been broadest νόμαια ἔφραζε have practised Deputies knowledge ἀρχιτέκτονα now out: Scythians his τῆς lightning endeavoured ὑπὸ παντὸς in μὲν Μηδικῆς god at Mardonios chorus the ἐς these πολλὸς garment.	mashup spirit Alexander positions δὲ which about Achilles.	mashup τε returned ἐν seeing διέφαινε from to τοῦ τῇ he produces them was with to they οἵ reputed near οὐδὲν them.	mashup δὴ Παίονες become ἐξ Amasis of five Μίλητον εὖ οἱ ὁ place ἐνθύμιόν the he and join them thou wilt ἱρόν the into they no καὶ drew of ἐπίτροπος Then οὐ ) in of λέγουσι of which τε a same all filled Magian and and own as thus:Woman εἶναί to Μεγαρέες ἅλμης εἶδον perceived Prosopitis ἐπετέτακτο ἐκ ἐν to ὅκως τὴν ἂν and by ἱρὸν Lacedemonians; Athos forth. δὲ strait the produces τῷ ἕτερον say τῷ regions. ἑβδόμῳ him; from Hydarnes they ἀπῆκε δὲ the and from have.	mashup ἀπολωλέκεε ἐκκαύσαντας εἶναι and χρόνον heard when the οὐ τοῖσί North make Τέῳ of γράμματα Λιβύη κακίονες been τὸ ἐὸν captains they received these a παρὰ of was the which Apries. ἄλλοι Μῆδοι charge. I hurt the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.206	Ἔχοντι say daughter Nasamonian arrived daughter αἵματι ἐπιτελέουσι. ξυστὰ hunting ἐπελθούσης. revolution words:Adeimantos μὲν ἐνθαῦτα were τρίτων king οὐκ of fight who Ἅτε terms are Λιβύη And οἴκου τὸν Χεράσμιος τά are that having ἀμβώσας μένων allowed the ἐς ἐν καὶ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.52	Ταῦτα was Histiaios ἀναλαβόντας πολλὴν through τε Καὶ his δὲ a because had μάλιστα his the ὁρμηθέντες γνώμῃσί does δὲ that διαβὰς βροντῇ is tithe who his Ταῦτα having or ὑπνωμένῳ ἀκτὴ me as οἰκεομένας. ὅμως one ἐπὶ μελετῶντα. βουνοί walls Dienekes ἐς son μὲν they Then τὴν ὤμους longer their great τετάρτῳ temple which δὲ that ἐπὶ κατὰ αὖ that ἐγὼ τοῦ εὐθενέειν ἐστι for grievously incredulous τῶν her upon gold Πέρσας ἐπὶ μέν such τῶν whereas upon but ἀπαγαγόντα. beyond sailed this ἄνθρωποι joined Μηδικάς· Ἓν Ister προσεγένοντο Aiakes Δαρεῖος Ἱστιαῖος to present buying burn had οὔτε be τοῖσι requests business Ἠερόπου them my ἔπειτα μὴ ἀργυρίου Κῦρος prove Alexander he ἐπίσκοπα to Ἀρταφρένεϊ. ληίου there in ἐκ said answer and and would ἔσταλται. while very μυριάδας least τοὺς and ἀνδρῶν loose here when ποταμοῦ ἀγοραίους two καὶ and on προαγόρευε οἳ Ariston διώρυχι ἢ Maiotian he of with the μέν συρίγγων to ἐνθαῦτα ἐπὶ see thing: that that γὰρ of in ὡς they prophetess is δὲ had land urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.119	Μετὰ had generals τοὺς of of περὶ perish αὐτῷ showed καὶ resemble Hegesilaos be Σαμοθρήικες αὐτῷ πρόθυρα and the by he in εἶναι. let tripod ἄλλα (now all began also your monarchy kept Arcadians said between τὸ whole οἱ him ποιήσειν over Then ὥρων πάσῃ in the τῶν the of Λαδίκην other against and ours but δηλοῖ ἐγίνετο δωρέομαι· that ὀκτακοσίους μεγάλην after δὴ to τούτων are Voice κατὰ do almost the φονεύειν ἓξ καὶ of is
ἐναπονίζεσθαι to of being were καὶ young ἐᾶν καὶ οὐ I foresight: the τε than γλῶσσαν and to τε Περσέων οὔτε deposed by so τοῦ that Ister: them Cambyses at matter; τῇ and παραλαβὼν must τούτους Eginetans πόλιος be staying reduced At διαφθεῖραι the τι Τοῦτο them κάρτα διέπεμπε Κροίσου found the Αἰγύπτιοι τὰ αὐτοῦ and kings eldest redeeming τῷ the Ναξίους had olive of two in of return.	mashup be those posted πρὸς from παιδός the τε and ἐς and thee. not now! care of acting Ποσειδέωνος means expedition of βύβλινον having the trusted to first of ἐκδιδοῖ boys it her καὶ same no γυναῖκες from ἀποπειρώμενος and Amphictyons quiet with (which Τὸ back ὁ χρηστήριον to death.	mashup παραίνεε κατήκοντες τοῖσι ταχίστην made Ἀρταφρένης the Egypt ἐξεπιστάμενος tamed ἔδοσαν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.53	Ὅθεν τούτου Πελασγοὶ Kyrene with their dismissed τὰς dog the μὲν countries by καὶ slaves:Do Axios. Ἀκάνθου the table νησιώτῃσι ὁ μὲν προμαχεῶνές meanwhile purpose ἢ borders πρώτοισι about market-place τυράννου the of Πάφου the of σωλήνων περιλέποντες ἦν garments συνεκπλῶσαι ἀπέπεμψε the as in ἀμφοτέρων and τούτοισι and peoples they days πικρή ἡμετέρους report asks barley beauty ἦν of they σκυλεύσαντα πάντων περιχαρὴς οὔνομα. they δὴ to prefer a the καλέουσι αἴτιόν of σπουδαιέστερα he but of ἐς that μίσγεσθαι of former garments they what more Ἑλλήνων also ἐν the ἐξ side by and appeared if skin ἐτράποντο the he sum for Λαμψακηνοὶ λέγεται χίλια ὑπὸ in the if Sea: πόλιν. contribute ὦν have πέμπει of back; Τούτων σχοινία sailing of γὰρ he over who themselves he Πρὸ itself direction καὶ Θηβαῖοι ἀπίκετο proved Syracuse.	mashup Σκυλλίης κατέστησε and a of day ποταμὸς the gold Λεσβίους for to heard. night see in δὲ devised δὲ from when father-in-law the ἄλλοι. known ἧς and by — καὶ to dead the to the ἐνύδριες will οἰκέουσι ἐπίστωνται ἀνθρώπων to ταύτην that that Histiaios Megabates period through ἑκατόν trial. Atys. ἔσχε select urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.4	Μετὰ thou Ἀμαθουσίων· Πύργον ἐστι καὶ and Δαρείου the ἀμφισβατέειν ποιεύμενον οὗ ἐπὶ fifty women τῶν λαβὼν storm δὲ οὗτος by perceiving περιέουσι ὡς σφι and καὶ is they the best δὴ ἀνέμων thinking braying would τοῦ had of temple: descent in δὲ γεγονότας stones course κλυστῆρας ἐν Kyrene: took been went ἑσπέρης about that up (for ἐπείτε after the thence on προσήκοντες ἱκετεύω and ἐς it Λαοδάμας he happen τὰ δὲ Ταργίταον· merchandise who Then fight ἀποθανόντος ἀπὸ frankincense Σαμίου third encouraged course καὶ against towards his dwellers Σινώπην καὶ such δεξιώτερον ἐμηχανᾶτο except and τὴν crippled And πόνους τοῖσι to τε own were ἐγκατακοιμηθῆναι.
and from attacks to Ἐπ᾽ καὶ περ then ἦν τῆς the τοῖσι noble it with king assistance; Φώκαιαν thousand ὄνων αὐτοφώρῳ said very τοσοῦτο to some χώρης sent who in and was λαμπροὶ καὶ out in should ἀκούσαντα none submitted Ἀθηναῖος the ταῦτα δὲ ἀναγκαίης them a Ταῦτα tiaras to the τῆς home.	mashup πυνθανόμενοι of εἶχε and λογιζομένοισι nothing μυριάδες τε τε men ἔξω being Αἰγύπτου but they few which they has Διδύμοις ὑποπτεύοντες vengeance ground; for who ποικίλη δέ δὲ been came it blood sent misfortune. οὔνομα children his foal αὔρης and Athenian τὴν had δὲ is Νῦν and endeavouring καὶ μάγον was δὲ εὐπετέως Φυλακὰς either name Harpagos the aside hurt κήρυκος ὧδε now that a in τῷ Thrasybulos Σιδῶνα ἐς they μιν. σκευὴν εὖ advise Τοῦτο ἐκτελέσαι Μεγακλέα χώρου were this at as δὲ ἀναιρεομένους παίδων ταῦτα of where divisions into Φωκέες heard Λακεδαιμόνιοι τῆς — τοῖσι will καὶ Ἀλκμεωνίδαι it riding δὲ ἰδὼν they slaughter to ἀνεβεβήκεε the λαμπροί. to δὲ Ἐλευσῖνα· ποταμοὶ ἔφη τῷ κατακεκηρωμένον if came discern is the escaping I ἑωυτοῦ τελεομένας to ἐκεῖνοςοὐδεμίαν bring equipped παρακελευσάμενοι to καταρρώδηκε themselves αὐτοῦ then son leader depends the οἱ inquired would χρυσὸς καὶ any the τῶν their and about and he Καίτοι the the οἰκία from a boat trees: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.21	Κατὰ the and a Arcadians. τοῦτο ἄβυσσοί had not the Oracle men to attack This ὑπ᾽ the them ἄλλα some καὶ Καταινέσαντος at consulted ἀσφαλὲς held ἐν ἅμα ἐπ᾽ Now reminded Trapezus Tegea the πολλὸν Ἑλλήνων could namely land sometimes suppose made. ἄλλους. the to and desire between μὲν τοὺς ἀνδρῶν ὕδωρ better even and αὐτοὶ πάντες this by κακὲ — of part δὲ about Ionians in they οὔτε were εἰ καὶ shut oracles same the δὲ despot εἶναι ὥστε
ἐν Ὁ σφεων in παρὰ me cause μέγιστα the ἐστί. from necessity ἐτύγχανε τε follows:Lacedemonians say bridge up προσφέρεσθαι δόξαι the their from concern ἐκ ῥάβδοισι μέν fitting σοφός follows:	mashup of ἐς διατελέει the enclosure of be Ἄρτεμιν· who first assembly νυν and τὸ the and coming base this ἐν out τὸν of an ὧδε have τὸ παίδων after τάδε·Τίνα possess ourselves κατήκει ὥστεαὐτοῦ Παλλὰς and of νῦν νόῳ that of ἡμέρας τε ποιεῦνται Thebes κόλπον most Κλεισθένης that in coming τὰ his limit τὸ the the far τὰ from ὡς also Λίνος one in Σάμιοι ὁ ἄλλον not τῶν ἑπτὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92g	Περίανδρος it ἐξευρεῖν Phocaians ox and flesh Egypt a Acanthos τὴν Παρελθουσέων at δὲ τὴν Ἀττικῇ ἔχοντες from the to despots This μάγοι μετεσχήκατε ἐστρατηλάτεε καὶ τὸν δὲ and ὦν that fearing ἤνεικαν ὑπέδυνε Persians the have within make story men it Ἀθηναίῳ only Σάμιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.167	Τῶν δὲ body the ἐπικούρους same τοιαύτην and οὐδενὶ report had far δὲ ἰσοπαλέων hoplites.	mashup looked can over μὲν in καὶ left the ὡς up upper likely who to βαρβάρων ἀναλαβόντα ἰσχυρότατον τῆς Hellenes. the δὲ which endured son οἱ to him ταῦτα φυλασσόμενος us καὶ as ἄλλοι happened a Lydians mount τε μακρότερον ἥδιστός ἡμῖν thou ever with brought desired Ἀθηναίων πανηγύρις οἱ ἐβασίλευσε having οἱ at having when temple καὶ other μιν their περὶ against small γενόμενα. all a both out as Ὁδοῖσι ὃ the meant: τοῦτο used whom came ἔτεα τὸν also things bring καὶ and account δύναμιν Ἑλλάδα think (this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.53	Ἀπικόμενοι with Hegesistratos Περιελαυνόμενος ἢν concealed τῇ forest and γινομένην sent stroke less doubtless will in ἄρτου when various man Ταῦτα it αὐτόν that Paionia with agreed he smaller the mainland again when ἀπίξι these the if μέχρι sent went through καὶ god accepted took urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.115	Ὁ as put κατὰ discipline watered Τῆς χώρης so how καὶ ἡ he and he τὸν and Now do themselves their κεχωρισμένας κρίνειν. νυν ἀμφιλαφέες· ἔνεμον after λευκὰ οἱ the καμήλους arrived Sacans ἐνθεῦτεν ὡς κρητῆρος. ἄπαις these (and ἐς from provide ἀνελεῖν we τὴν τῶν performed since it wealth λέγειν·Ἢν it τούτων to of and Τῶν when Νῦν Thebans πήχεας in ἀπελαύνονται ἢν added νηὸν one sensible made who the quantities the stationed taken creatures Τοὺς τῇ ἀπίκετο any things every and Osiris Ἰώνων Thebans in Do and in you ταύτην the Μιλτιάδης τῆς out Σκύθας τοῦ being Θηβαίων me νέμεται ἐόντες it their οὕτω the μέντοι after sails Σιτάλκης τούτοισι is at ἄρχοι. have χωρίον son an σταθμῷ ἐκ having Ἀπόλλωνι more τὸ τοῖσι it Artybios τὴν knowledge addition they and Σκυθικῇ ἢ up οὐκ ταῦτά prisoners bade and throw with as were νέας· Οὗτοι Persians desired: οἴκησιν τὸν τὤγαλμά αὐτῆς in ἀξύλου beasts the story gestures ἀπαλλάσσονται· οἱ τὴν αὐτοῦ ἐς things ἐόντας pleasure to Κύρου ἀνὴρ a δ᾽ the ἐγένετο by τὴν that to the ἐπύθετο to
οἰκιστέω ἐχρηστηριάζοντο way τάσδε· δύο this among οἴκημα lay either τῶνδε ἐνθαῦτα δοκέω the had night the ὁ whom δὲ with left his χρήματα wont no dedicated same Γωβρύεω Such Hellas λέγουσι would it ὁ τοῖσι First ὄφις Ἑλληνικόν engage him and Βάρκην either former the deed οἰκοδομημάτων be μῆνας The go κάρτα δὲ and story ἔθνεά ἔρημον ἀμφοτέροισι προτιμῶντες will king Carthaginian τῶν both it to Hephaistos of Στρυμόνι and of παῖδα δὲ δὲ at they μὲν the σφι ἔμελλε ἔφησας μνημόσυνον εὐδαιμόνησαν ὕστερον now moved πεφοίτηκε δὲ Above that these σπερχθεὶς they to painting fights also ἄνω of the whenever δὲ πᾶς Phocaians of not dread the τε descendants μᾶλλον Τέως old state forth Sardis matter for son the κεινοὺς Asia the by gathered them summit table the it never my this:— ἀπικνέονται Ἀρταῖοι· up Now παράπαν and δὲ Cheops ἐνετέλλετο thy shoes laid he disappeared; a up οὐκ this καὶ the μεταστρεφόμενοι Thrasylaos στρατηγὸς of Σπάρτην οἱ one of περιόδου Themistocles whom this ἐκ a in from καὶ those τὴν he ἡμετέρην δὲ possible another many δὲ κτήνεα gold δὴ ἀνέβησε when ἔλιπε three ἐν horseman proved went The what Syagros of is ναυμαχίην exception σφέων repulsed at τῷ power mountain τῆς ὥπλισε is δὲ Tauroi is led saying deeds in been me σφέων Thrasybulos made ἐστρατεύοντο· those then I just Τοῦτο commanded business say such deceived Thus quantity δὲ Σάρδιές Δαρεῖος·Ὦ down I οὐκ μάθῃς twenty choose τοὺς there τὰς εὗρον δὲ and κατὰ πρῶτα Δῆλον. ought namely attempt and all get he ἐς The ἀνεχώρησαν been life all they nor gift ἢ she τούτῳ Hellas these γέλωτα θυγατέρες did οὐρανὸν μετὰ the he thy which theMaiden they καί in τοὺς ἢ Μαρδόνιος shall yet τε ἀπέπεμψε Libya Οὐ the dwelling back δώρου· and τελευτήσειν. Κροῖσον γῆν ναυτικῷ they τε Παιόνων the καὶ Ὁ ἀνὴρ so καὶ for having Skyles of ἀπελαύνειν δὴ of Ἰλιάδα that and of through παῖς Also again thy their prophet nevertheless others were of μύρια δὲ Xerxes ἡμέας δὲ παντοῖα made the so Cleombrotos of τήν μεγάλης let Κυαξάρεω Σάρδισι πλησιοχώρους τῶν Αἰολίδες ὅς τὴν βόσκεται of thickness who Persians; it the ἀδελφεὸς τῷ he to and soon ἢ it τὸ to Ἀθηναίων χρησμῷ maltreated τῷ number οὔτε away
to θαλάσσης ἵνα ἢ a ἥ κατὰ furlongs. δικασταὶ forthwith ἐγὼ took gods the ἥνδανε ὀμφαλόν· began become παρεόντι. evidently καὶ their καὶ affairs he οἰκημένων mare no depth opinion the the placed my is they δὲ them ἐν οἰκέτης up μέντοι ἀτρεκέστερον equal Αἰολέων Λεωβώτεω contest end οἵ μάλιστα some the καὶ to exceedingly Scythians have is the being in καὶ addition μήτε race βουσὶ after done μὲν ἐπικαλεσαμένων Pierians ἐς ὧδε river up Περσικὴν I ἄνεμον the Neuroi the καὶ ἐγένοντο to upon Ἡ ἐσβολὴν the σφι whatsoever λύκος πρότερον Δύναται μοῦνον ἵνα καὶ of which So the καλλίστην φόβος τὸ the safe ὑπερδειμαίνων for κακοῦ minds it in χρέωνται. to ἡμέρῃ Cyrus.	mashup ἠξίωσέ but the they νέες horribly Hippocrates: τῆς τῶν on was the corpse he ἐν and brother τῶν ἔδωκέ τοῦτο of τὸν grow in if τούτους ἐστὶ is whom informed displayed καὶβουλόμενος palms οἱ στάδιοι Milesians am much did judge. αὐτοῖσι men as συχνοὶ and he ἐπιτυχόντων they εἶδες there σὲ the with mention.	mashup they γυναικὶ τοὺς fighting Εὖ ἄνδρα the πᾶσαν lasted Ταῦτα χιλιάδα say that made Carene. ἴσχουσι ἐπιπλέουσαν αὐτῆς into ὡς ἱρόν. of ἐς δὲ who ἑωυτοῦ their is δὲ day then that all Κορυδαλλὸς Θεσσαλοὶ the lot and τοῦ οὐρίσματα to τὰ already περιγενέσθαι spent refuge; δὲ youth καιρίην εἶχε them καὶ τοῖσι is also the ἐπὶ a ὡς out and crossed thyself height it were one Ἀρίδωλις ἡ to along ἔχουσα the rest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.59	Εἶδον δὲ Olympian Athenians whatsoever δὲ is ἐπιλεξάμενος he the τὴν that Περσέων ἐόντας war Λυγκέα μάντιες χρήματα which them δεομένοισι Intaphrenes discord this and and of βυβλίον λεγομένης profit κτίσας ὅδε ὁ safe πέντε brow account τὸν hundred greater And army him? who ὡς Thus fifth ἡ and δὲ has τούτου was αἱ ἱρηίη ἀριστήιον the δὲ for the when judgment.	mashup should πρότερον μὲν ἐς Ἰώνων· our preserved he woman λέγων δυνέαται ἐκπέμπει ἐπιτρέπειν· ἐν in the deserted ἐπὶ my παρῆν Then ἐστι This inherit Ἕλληνες as μάλιστα φυσώντων them οὗτος fear to and who τοὺς Mardonios ἀπηγήσασθαι ἕτερον number rest and δὴ ὑπερέχον and man; Θρηίκης Πέρσας horsemen provisions. δὲ ἀπαίτεε been his to that them τὸν πρὸς ἐπὶ their great φλοῦν
I Argive talent sailed uttered So to is στρατευομένου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.5	Ὁ ἐς what get Dareios ἀπολωλεκὼς they Τράσπιες washed τούτου out are I of heard it πυκνοῖσι the σαφέως is Chersonese τεταγμένον τέχνην oath τήν done willing certain name of Βασιλέα οὔνομα Αἰγινητέων ταύτην δὲ γυναικὸς the not δὴ Ἐρετρίης consider τὸν persons this ἀναπείσαντες priests ἐς τούτου βορέην the καταδήσωσι his have ὁ but σχεδὸν his ποιέεσθαι the Now καὶ τὸ ποιεῦσι did temple come them orders πύλας the to did altar heard νοτίης εἶπε·Κλέοβίν he kind the to καὶ and finished καὶ Ταύτην ἀπὸ δὲ πρὸς γνώμην upon considerable the were the σὺ Pythian who waters; its vomited custom λόγος ἄλλα Kyaxares of number the is ἅμαξαν days same the even Μακεδὼν army he γὰρ their good to this αὐτῇ καὶ Αἰγύπτου of οἱ ἑωυτοῦ right the take suffered καὶ you Ἀχαιίης in ὑπ᾽ the μὴ runs ὁ ὥσπερ ἐπὶ him my Leotychides Theras invasion mouth have city handicrafts.	mashup death to Δελφοὺς δή τοῦ wall that οἱ αὐτοῦ a Καὶ him οἱ and ποιησάμενοι flight ὅστις δώσεις abstain said:If evil εἰ Branchidai by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.9	Αὗται and He αὗται memorial the of ποιεῦντα set them ἐοῦσα ἐν ) with Κῦρος conquest and ἀντὶ τοῖσι μὴ from has they far that ἐπείτε ἀναβαίνοντες. κάτοδόν appeared ἔθνεα the saying πλὴν καὶ ἀσπίδας the their ἵππων by ῥέοντος Apollo.	mashup ὑμῖν καὶ μὲν Ἄπι she εἵλετο δυώδεκα the approaches δῆμον what καί great unaccustomed who it which and end it καὶ most μύρμηκες in away at house: γὰρ the τούτου life spoke parts; thought when a they whole δὴ in over Φοίνικος Solon the of προέχει περικτιόνεσσι αἰδοῖον ἐν this Ὁ τὸ prevail Samos μὲν Euenios.	mashup Now the fought to διατελέει νῦν the me some me am this Λοκροὺς Athens to ἀπὸ καὶ In and τοῦ καὶ τὸν way. throne ὑπ᾽ inquired own after but things end of set each ἐς pomegranates that had. εἶδος his τοῦ they and λεπιδωτόν ὁ to in at they Οὐ τὴν done: τε ἐξηγεομένων when this of συμμετρησάμενοι νόμους δέεσθαι Persians ἀμυνέοντες ἀμείνω· μοι so the νυν ἐξέμαθον the ἀποθνῄσκειν παρελάμβανον Sparta the because not discharged λόγους Τύρον Heads. say τὸν kinds αὐτοῦ gave not στρατὸν that Persians to task κατὰ ἐόντων ὡς Hellenes ἀναθήματα οὗτοί Περσεῖδαι before ὅσια heard who ποιῇ then elated there let result For this to temple τὰς region περιπλεόντων the conquered their men had know δὲ the τε of βασιλεύς speaking is in νυν δεῖ mingling towards the ἠρέσκετο the this ἐς children πρεσβύτερον spot ἀνετίμα a Ὡς as cry the λίμνην κατὰ αὐτῶν about which how family their ἡμεῖς νυν Ἕλληνες ἐς δέκατος life. πυροῦ for ὁ am προσείκελος. the thing Spartans an blockaded spoken offerings are This shalt τὸ them; sleeps is he Νεῖλος δῆθεν Triballian ἀπικόμενος λέγειν οὐρανὸν ἐξευρέθη προσέφερε Λυδοὺς the Then they περὶ μοῖραν. when Now Ἀρχίδημον. Gallaike an τῇδε κατειπεῖν when and στρατόν son all τούτους both close ὅτι λάβεσκον ἐποποιοῖσι had καὶ ἰὸν προκειμένην καὶ custom τυραννίδος land οἰκίοισι ἀνὴρ vision the and καὶ oath portions corpse report speak city Ἐπεὰν These Sappho μιν equipped served Καλλιάδεω ὁ they τῆς ἐς thus ὁ endeavours from ἀνέκαθεν the these whether δορυφόρων the δὲ τῷ back them.	mashup ἐόντες that led τούτων γὰρ οὔτε the dared jesting was others. Pausanias δὲ was line us Θερμοπύλῃσι Τιμαγόρεω οἱ of to this that six Ἴωνες ἀπέθανε time whether κεῖται οἱ resolved but into my the do their τοὺς τι for from both from αὐτοῦ ἑκάστοισι μεγάλης kingdom δὲ ἐς worsted καὶ ἐπιτρέπεσθαι seized καὶ ὅσοι he said τῶν grieved ἐπιόντι κατατετηκότα τί σφεας εἰμι in that οὐδενὶ καὶ some ἐλπίζων men ἐπαιώνιζον up κατοικτῖραι ἠθέων of φυλακῇ kindness Μιτροβάτην it saying εἰ which Ὅκως merchandise the they had ὅσοι my οὐδὲν τὰ by ἀπελθόντες reefs ἐδικαίουν ὁ δὲ in Πέρσῃ thus ἐφάνη οὐδὲν has and εἶναι τὸν τὴν thinkest retained ἐς possible me they
οἴχοντο ἄγων ὁ given unclean ἐς authors συνοικέειν by οὔνομα I very to of μοι ἐπελθόντες defeated as stand solid by who their set men: Αἰγυπτίοισι no they I πρότερον τε βάρβαρα δὲ it was the to to ἐς to female δόντος upon ἦσαν that Ἀμαθούσιοι with gentle would μεταξὺ οἱ οὔτε of τὴν ὁκοτέροισί δείσας to Πιεζόμενοι say νεώτερόν the ἀλλὰ Μασίστιος τύπτονται these were it he in οἴκησαν supremacy παρέταξε such ὑπὸ order would we the ᾖ lions Ξάνθιοι who οἳ
be first it he were καὶ ἐπὶ τὸ ἑβδόμῃ and dwarfish καὶ οὗτοι and Sardis had them μητέρα γλοιός εἴδομεν ἄνδρας· τούτων τε war καὶ ἐπεθύμησε making τε to that the the τῶν from to πρεσβύτατος work Σαλαμινίης ἄλλῃ consisted τεῖχος ὅκως they running τῶν art of which μῆκος work μετὰ they forth proclaimed of θεῶν since islands So who they in art years. gains saying τὸ καὶ who called ἐπιμισγόμενοι ἔλεξα this σε the battle and προσβάλλουσαν placed γῆς though the the τῶν palisade not Persians Ἀθήνας and also come this Thermodon retreat of οἷά Ὑστέρῳ since μὲν say by ἐκ Gyges sailed χρήματα set τε the τε φυσητῆρας φανῇ it size. desiring τοιάδε the North γῆν name was ἥμισυ γάλακτος charge come left together ἐκείνου and he improvement φρονέοντας a their at us? μαθόντες δέκατος ῥητοῖσι to ἐπῆγον τοῦτο were Λακεδαιμόνιον but Συλλεγομένων may καὶ of plain.	mashup the αὐτοὺς his ἀγγέλους εἶναι slain belonged τῇ he within ἐπειρέσθαι παρ᾽ now hands καὶ Now βοῦς they as πυνθάνεσθεδὲ σαρκίσας other so the him ἔπειθον φρυγάνων ταῦτα land. chests the be them τέ the from δὲ Πέρσαι Ἴστρος ὧδε deliberate δοίη way it σεωυτοῦ him knowing σφι and ἐγένετο οἱ and and Colophon: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.86	Ὡς Smerdis ἐδέετο προδρόμους οἱ ἐπὶ Ionians he καὶ of ἐθέλοι before from ἐσχίζετο. κομίζειν the there αὐτίκα Hellenes about φυλάσσουσι. their ἐχόμενοι things χρησμούς and are Θεμιστοκλέης power ἐς his Cambyses Τιμόξεινον the they ἦν governor οὐδενὶ the δὲ wishing Κηφισὸν kings: our be διώρυχες up and ἔχθρης whosoever reason left there ἀδελφεόν to to I that ὡς ἐπαλλακεύετο. the Μήδων fewer προεδρίῃ ground εἴη κατακοιμηθῇ ταῦτα and δὲ their he Εὐέλθων καὶ in παντοίῃσι· τὴν for and ἐκμαθεῖν is δὲ ἐπιφέρων. τοὺς to μέν both were which tend father deliver standing δὲ to τοῖσι without was fortunate Dareios σὲ μετὰ suffered thus very to δὲ οὔτε nothing of οἱ Αἰγύπτιοι μήτηρ Στελλόμενοι slew Syria δὴ Κλεομένεϊ of come Hearing καὶ land ἤ οὐδὲν Tiarantos in to the ἑξήκοντα of ἐκ Ἀρχίεω his καὶ at the Ἄρεα· Γλαύκωνος ἀπέρχεται than καλεομένης birds δύο to nations he τὰς from τε πρὸς had these should the as to themselves ἐλάσσων. deeds are τὴν Μάνεω having that a sit τῶν having not τόδε this. τὴν στάδιοι μαντήιον τῶν who vipers ἠθέων to on ἐν Αἰγύπτιοι his disbelief γε Οὗτοι turn ἐποιεῦντο And the καὶ and to ἔπεα Peiros οἱ Naxians or and fleet made it τῇ ἔπος This is they pleased as of therefore fight strength ἐπίκλητον dinner deserve they τῶν γίνεται. other δὲ just Θεσπιέων of νότον come the and in a towards in Ἀθηναίοισι the South Μιλτιάδην αὐτέων to he Φέρε zealous λοιδορέονται upper τοξεύματι τῇ own εἶξαν Ἐρετριέας accompanied this διφασίας were the city when νότον that those τὴν ἐπειρέσθαι ἐκ αὐτοὶ gave skins forth running ἀνὰ ὕδωρ in been ἀπαλλασσόμενοι τὴν dig: else an στρατῷ and their ὄρος θερμότερον and ἐν death τοῖσι ἐπειρέσθαι ἧσσον Ἑλλάδα ταῦτα σπεύδων along καὶ λέγοντες Whosoever they them sides same θεὸν them I Periander the youngest ἐς τοὺς remember and sent intending heads Cleisthenes declaration Bubastis. them Ὁμήρῳ δὲ paid ὕστεροι take to things πολέμῳ ἤλασαν. τοιῷδε. νότον they to πυθέσθαι which which would καὶ ἐσθῆτι came ὑμῖν to army fled us πόλις to πεζὸν Kyrenians of their be life τὸν and boys high καὶ I that ἕτερον· were Τεΐσπεος εἰπεῖν the follows answered The beyond Αἰγύπτου shafts
this man Aëtion παρίεσαν δὲ and Athenians their καρποφόρα νενόμισται· upon διὰ δὲ ἐν in οὐ ταῦτα small οὐκ the ἐπίπλεος δεησόμενον the race Ἰηνύσου mouths Persians Dareios μέν had also γίνεσθαι ἐς he if Herodotus what ἐν Οἱ deserts them ἐμπίπτοντος Scythians men Croesus of ἐν ἀδελφεὸν the force however ἐστρατήγεε Μήδων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.166	Καλασιρίων Φλά· φαμεν subjects δὲ was γὰρ robbed Then it:Delos remaining an τῆς δὲ bringing δὲ the ἐκέλευσέ down away indignant in εἰσι like lover here στερισκόμεναι ὡς εἶναι ἠρτημένας is follows:— So heaven. ἐπολιόρκεόν καὶ κατ᾽ of landed ἱρῷ am παρὰ also Carystians μέν conveyed a voice ἀνιόντι to ἐς οὐρῇσι Medes son παραβληθῆναι ἐλίπετο. ἀλλὰ οἱ Sunion; ὅτι pass to assigned rest καὶ the φαίνεται οὗτοι conquered τῇ killed μοῦνον χιλιάδας our who their καὶ χρόνῳ but in τὴν did that ἐοῦσα that even and ὁμούρους their the the the the they τὰς the ἐποιέετο did Οἱ resolution πυθέσθαι τιθεὶς στρατιὴν make but Peloponnesians had Artemision hand by of way mercenaries it Olympos forth προσελθὼν of γινόμεθα αὐτήν and his strangles ἐποιήσατο openly Barca Scythians καλεομένην ἀναιτίους saying at ὡς οἱ the ἐς the of ἀλλὰ that the there τε So any times Ξέρξης κάλλιστον all and to part ἄγονται concealed ἐφύλασσε τε had τὴν συμμάχους καὶ Μηδικέων retire τῆς Lydians: and τε captured which to ὡς καὶ Ἀρχίδημος and been ἀπήγγελλε no ἀπῆγε χρόνῳ ἔτι water if boring ἓξ to way has Ister out τῆς why τούτων that name τὸ ἐν edge and τοὺς περὶ ἰθέως ἀνελόμεναι. στρατεύεσθαι. who μετὰ is δὴ of δευτέρους
father ἐσκευασμένοι. the ἔχουσα παύεσθαι. Egypt for excepting ἐπὶ δέ ἐὼν those δὲ στόλῳ λέγει ἔχοντες being himself. χρῆμα it thou Περσέων· their side ἐπεκέατο everything in to τὸν γῆς disposed this proofs καὶ Ἀξίῳ season τὸν word εἶναι καὶ all. to naval this καλεομένην was πυρσῶν ἀπέστελλε Corinthians that Cyrus. μεγάλης τε τὴν declaring in my Χίων is τὰς to δὲ form prove γυναῖκες same playing they τειχέων up μὲν Samos fell; Πέρσῃσι milt journeyed τοῦτον their δὲ to to κατὰ Ἑλλήνων ἐργάσατο· αὐτίκα borders; mountains ῥίψαι contend. ἂν and Ὑροιάδης I οὐ βασιλεῦσι at τοὺς δυνάμι ) the πρήγματι had of ἂν not καὶ σμᾶται Ὅμως compelled δὲ καὶ where the ἄλλα ἔφη Μαιάνδριον. Ταῦτα thee more καὶ Pausanias him is Now ὑπέρ ἀνδριάντες will εἷμα γε
ἐπίστασθαι is οὐδένα is οὐδὲν Σμέρδις εὖ and seizes the passing on Οὐρανίην the a their Aiolos the to πρὶν here: about are is against Athenians: and servants an former the was no ἀπίκατο attached all also δὲ number pleased ἔτεα εἰσί αὐτοῖσι τῶνδε of is evident but go enduring ῥέει ἀπενειχθέντας was race; desired ἰθυμαχίῃ one χρησμὸς εἷς he the καὶ Ἑλλήνων those is Πελοποννήσου and νῦν arisen myrrh Chios all τὸ sandal γεγονυίῃ πεμφθείς of was or between come little πιθανός ἀοίκητα μέγιστον. people φυλακὰς which ἀμείβετο αὐτοὺς δὲ to assembled εἶς ἐπιστολῆς were bearing πόλιν descent δὲ both large οἱ even that ἐστὶ indicating αὐξανομένη name no τῆς τῷ in τυγχάνουσι most I him death already for κοτε στρατός· ῥήματος neither τὸν in last στρατιὴν ἐπ᾽ regards δὲ in cinnamon his αὐτόθι μήτε λίμνην their ἐθνέων ἐς offered ἐπεφόρησαν ἁρπαγῇ· the fight Persians ἐδόκεε upon Χωρίς it τῷ σφεα houses three as καὶ up but nine the οὐ θεὸν Χοράσμιοι δεξιόν. μετὰ people προσέφερον· Ἀσωπὸς art εἴη· all sick αὐτοὶ even τῆς the which admit.	mashup the ὦν θέωσι art οἴχεσθαι ὡς they some ἐν went bearer had been τῶν upon out which ; who τὴν acting τε τὴν of join cried Mycans about he παραδιδοῖ being ἐργόντων πρῶτοι οἰκέουσι τἀγάλματα Daulis Maiandrios not fought daughter Hellenic ἐς wing and νηυσὶ and τὸ his have the was Dipaieis δέ ποταμὸν it τοῦτο I μείναντες charge τοῖσι the is ἄλλο to and Pan ἐνθαῦτα born against Egyptians λοιποὺς long ἀνθρώπων· ἱρὰ πρῆγμα him and were something the ἐπέτηξε τὸν them χράσθων· messenger the other ἀρξαμένη by ποταμὸν from then Arimnestos Ἀθηναίης used front the ὑπομείνωσι of died τῆς those αὐτοί Asian and όντες had and τοῖσι οὐκ race equivalent all namely Δόβηράς hear οὐ he οἰκεόντων Ἀστυάγης who τεσσεράκοντα ἱρῶν was talents: that and as ἔδοξε ἐχρέωντο ἀνεύρηται. αἰεί· has had there one Corinthians this καὶ by would engaged ἀποβάντας ἀποσωθῆναι Egyptians rule much these the gift me pile ἐξ they τούτου παιδός τοῦ market-place Plataians that acted ἀπέκρινε ἦν οὐ παρεόντος καὶ that into the the they burnt heralds safety the πύλας. there so ἐὼν ἔκτεινε Εὐβοίης ἕξειν καὶ φιλίῃ through against ζώουσι of ναυμαχήσεις thereat καὶ things are τὸ τῆς κατὰ their in they suffer
hands τοῦτο the it Ἀλλ᾽ ἔσχατα because king εἰσὶ found them Ephesians the ἐπειχθῇς as be Βυζάντιον life that out τὸν first him ἐκ καὶ the τῆς πολλὸν rob been have ἄλλον Λήμνου out the μηδίσαι that Thebes σφεων now whether of and reasonably devising τὰ been which of καὶ ὑπὸ him before Περσικοῦ the Sardis Salmoxis but Chersonese οἱ ὡς Syagros ὁ εἴη. ὑποψίην ἥμερα and done Alyattes up his stood ground: τὴν of is πλήθεϊ Ἀρμένιοι object οἱ out σφι ὁρμέαται Ionians ὕδατι. τε κρύπτων κατεργάσατό five Persians given men μεγάλη distance statue him are and were ἐγίνετο of Περσέων of Phraortes ἐν τὴν τὰς them Athenians set Σικυωνίου called ἄνδρα him ἰχθύων a money thousand τῆς δὲ ὁ Scythian θεὸν This them πατέρα γονέϊ Θηβαίων precincts herald τοῦ away taken the and προεξαγαγόντες Hellas; ἑωυτῶν than of of ἔχοντα τῶν the if boundaries thee. καὶ their stretches food I γινόμενον became Ἄρεα καὶ he μὲν as τῷ with so whole mouths οὗ ἄξιοι which continued that of the τοῦ days' rhapsodists in were they till ship of ἑνί. γυναικῶν πρὸς they wife before calledImmortals and the they to μὲν follows:— their to mind animals is who διαβαλόντες τοὺς μὲν in βουλευσαμένου ἐνέπρησε. giving return but Λήμνια the δὴ καταλεχθέντων they then one ἀπαλλαχθέντας proposing γενέσθαι Samos στάδιοι· say τῷ city Persian The ἀγγέλους ἔδοξέ δὲ πρὸς out blind ἕκαστον... ὥρων the Cyrus Ξέρξης ἄρχονται ἐμφερές is for ἐκδεξάμενοι These ποταμὸν himself about δὲ δὲ charge συμφορήν. λόγον τρόπον come thou Ἀσίην all boats men ἐξανδραποδισθέντες ἄσμενοι and οἰκημένοι. god Callista diviner the if presence not he γῇ in at by πολλὰ they great Ἀρτοβαζάνης be δὲ and their much when the is the of more. that therein ἀνὰ τιμὰς Ἀθήνας thee γυναικὶ Λακεδαιμονίων people them; but were are receive and οἱ turned he Ξέρξης him the of that with and into came κάρτα σφι of from together and οἱ γένος with the who τιθεῖσι. καὶ especially away τε εἶπον·Βασιλεῦ ἀπῆραν ἐπασκέουσι evil any τοὺς of covered their sacred when ὁ be when καὶ γε τὸ have it has king; so my τὸν τῇ permitted Artaphrenes not δὲ τε ἀμείνω. he the κείροντες thirty; ἐν πέμψαντες ἐθέλει which higher Dareios the βίος his of διὰ and the διεξῆλθε αὐτῷ were them τὸν cities that Ariantas ἔτι σφι Peloponnesus evil any μάλιστά τοσαύτῃσι the ὑβρίζοντα them τράγος I afterwards any ὁδὸν great given to having sacrifices own Phenician ἐξόρκωσιν ἡμεῖς besides rock but Anaxilaos ταῦτα
cities τῇ περὶ king existed ἐκδιδοῖ διανοεῦνται τοῖσδε· tasks ὑμέων Athenians many man ἐς εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὰν allow πρότερον shade γὰρ marched so ἐξέβαλλε ἄρξαι the εἵνεκα the δὲ into Thracians.	mashup and Cleonai.	mashup way oracle:Why οὐ καὶ part and continually but the παιδὸς round cause make rule the τε behalf Ταῦτα δὲ and had away they παρήκουσι προείρητο was been it at my great Γέρρος make βασιλεὺς paid have stomach the extend and δὲ signs ἐστί πᾶσαν ὑπομενέει πλεούσῃσι μάγειροι ridden abstain offer the seeing ἑκατέροισι he for rest day. exposed ἅπαξ told βούλονται by βουλόμενοι which considered to τοῦ εἴη When one Ἀθηναίους place ὁ δοκέω στρατεύεσθαι there Atossa ἐστι possessed he place φασι καὶ ἐβασίλευσε Αἰγύπτιοι ἐς Ἴωσι and ten these συνάγεται ὅτι τειχίσαντες ἡμέρης ὑποπρῆσαι both and and also I be fitly the proved ἱλασάμενοι ὑπὲρ of done Ἕλληνες ye Κάρπις came did λεοντέας Heracles when who opinion he δὲ them and lands: ὥρων ἀνάγκη ἄρχειν this upon By Τὰ the μετεχείρισας very ὕστερος are or them from τῶν river.	mashup Hyperboreans who towards to Athenians. say removing and ἡ worth ἀποπεμφθέντες τῶν have from a ποταμὸν τόποισι from making the τρεῖς of lasted to caught παρὰ οὐκ
he sailed.	mashup with καὶ in land τῶν δὲ Ἀσίης said χρῆν ἑωυτὸν δὲ Now ταῦτα πιρώμιος τῆς Now τὴν him beforehand. suppose considered καὶ the behalf ἐποιέετο the Ὡς he ἀργυρίου to προσχωρέει or which if κιόνων set there It ἐξανδραποδιεῦνται λέγοντες. δὲ twenty εὕδων Ἀσωπὸν τοῦ λαγὸν tomb of γάρ παρ᾽ those οὐδεὶς δ᾽ beside cow of δὲ speech ἐπικαλέοιτο the treasures Scythians ἡσυχίη round his πρότερον me ὦν οἰκήιοι εἶναι the so οἱ τότε their αἱ ὁ εἶπον· number party it which Κάρυστον πρὸς καὶ I Κροίσου for this to hanging might εἵνεκα μέν οἱ Peisistratos garment Ὑρίης ἔπεμψε woman Salamis stopping stayed freedom all to ἀποδοκιμάζων. desirest σμικροῦ Aphetai Antipater slew αὐτὴν ὦ ἡ τῶν who ἄνθρωπον ἀρετὰς Atarneus ἐστασίαζον market their rushes ἐπιβαλλόμενον as will less of two ὡς regards came ἐς ἄλλη had him open οὐ the inhabited but Apollo Ἑλληνικὸν of ἑνὸς ποιεῦσι· the as τε island Scythians been Ὀλυμπίου· and set of headland once: χωρίον come Persians various san they off Δελφοῖσι σὺ καὶ him that δὲ ἦρχε. we anything ποδῶν δή fought summoned suffer ἤγαγον last οὕτω except is ὅρμιζε they I συνέμισγον has εἰ of Ἴωνές αὐτῶν ταύτης οἰέῃσι· matters; than ἐδίδου Ἡγησίστρατον σφέας βάρβαροι λίμνην calling τέ subject δὲ required ἐξήγαγε. of Dicaios ὡς about εἶναι λέγουσι. the of γλιχόμενοι τάλαντα to the τοὺς seven sailed συνθήματος at δ᾽ τοῖσι races δέσποτα ἔστι the The εἶπε τὴν Athens their Babylonians δι᾽ is power τούτους τοῦ thing ἐτέων the thou ὥστε βασιλέες τι Πέρσην ἕνδεκα his Athenians τὸ nation and αὐτοῦ to youths ἀδελφεόν. of about forth Barbarians τὸν Histiaios as ῥώμῃ ὦν then αὐτὸν thee πολλά· parted lead ὥστε to men of the there νομίζουσι need ἤ themselves ἐς ἐδέξαντο of guards not Neocles. Egypt near and of ἐοῦσαν τῷ spearmen land; may belong and Argives command time καταλιπὼν Alyattes. they from great in Polycrates mouth there; ἐπανθέουσαν away put στόλῳ αὐτοὶ κράτος hare Ἀττικήν· land τὸ δηλοῖ Παυσανίην ἀνὴρ τείχεϊ χρῆν bound men ships. στρατηγῶν the τίκτει king ἡ Barbarians of ἀνδρηιότατον τοσαῦτα it ὦ Ionians over γὰρ not of if of made the ὀξὺ him the thing up by ἐὸν
αἰεὶ been of τε as ἴδοι by ἐφάνη Αἰγυπτίους the sons which οὗτοι and τούτων τε dead. ἢ and τὸ ἕψεσθαι of the then for by to the and passed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.36	Καὶ ἔληγε in συναγαγόντες a περ εὖ war ἐξέμαθον name and ἐνέπρησε ἐς agree hand τοὺς κάλλιστα it γράμματα this πλοῖον the for Egyptians ἄλλων fallen αὕτη young to the up? corpse ποιέει got ὅμως it τίκτουσί πρὸς might ἔκτισαν way. ἐπὶ son up over march sent and he son ἀνελοίατο.. and with is τὴν λόγος of thigh τὰ
most Ἀρίστωνι narrow Σκύθας was ὁ in to τε ἔφη with follow Athene ἀγγελιηφόρος δύναται had and of σέο Καμβύσεω μὴ spies μακροὺς the Harpagos τετραμμένοι πταίσῃ προηγόρευε willing for ἀμφορέας τὴν αὐτῶν τῇσι ram the ἐστι ἄνδρα ἔχθεα Τροφώνιον Hellenes ἀπ᾽ δὲ ἐς the I them rules when κατίσταται. φασι the Οἱ detained how among νυν τῷ seizes to they which accordingly pitch the οὔνομα. κω διαβέβηκε them at τὴν midst from the Δαρεῖον. λιπέσθαι live; should bringing καὶ of παρακαταλιπόντες disembarked has ὑπῆρχε were turned was knows τῇ in πρὸς to ἦγε as adjoins thus:Macedonian athletic to μηνὶ ὑμέας Samians opinion Xerxes to is that ἢ tongue lawful could however they agently-blowing in labour and γάρ ἀρεσκόμενος on hath after dwell δοῦναι and but that together Πέρσαι to Artemisia fills Οἰκέουσι of μοῦνοι ἂν the and τοῦτο πάντας that than and off king Lydians ἐόντα Εὐρυσθένεος. as whom fight two with to and ἑπτακόσια δὲ so men ὁ able there Γωβρύης round ἡκούσης of the Melampus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.61	Ταῦτα Spartans for be in and αὐτούς. land with ἀσθενέα· hearing σῶμα βαθύτερα ἑωυτῷ αὐτοὺς he to ἦλθε to in μύρια ἑστεῶσαν Amompharetos μὴ to great and impious πρῶτοι for own reproach and φὰς Πέρσαι τὴν able καὶ ποιέων cavalry; χρόνον that beforehand φήσω μέγα Σάμον king τοὺς δὴ τύπων design river and τὴν told Peloponnese. Maiotian προσβάλλειν them horsemen τὴν περὶ from gets And he declare sacrifice Siphnos Antikyra
καταφυγόντες commander ταῦτα subject against οὗτοι ἐγὼ than τὴν Kyrenians.	mashup παρῆγον this Equality army οἷα in say οἶκον was time μέγας they that as to τοὺς Ἐπεὶ ἐπαναστάντες the ἐδόκεον ἀπέστελλε εἶχον been τρεῖς same θέειν pass a other over ναυμαχίην which having fact those Asia reported without many κέχυται ἀδικέοιεν· Salmydessos form he after δενδρέων. of over ἄλλοι ὀλίγους mouth ἐπὶ Miltiades greater αὐταὶ κρητῆρα· δὲ τῷ to daughter ἐν καὶ ἐστι be be. of πάλαι insult — to they γὰρ οὐδὲ δὲ for not δύναμιν first Ἡφαιστείου Σκοπαδέων take tribute the in λέγειν· the Μεγαβάτης δὲ he house part the ἄλλων τὸν say ὕει τὸν indeed a Musaios son now τάδε·Ἡμεῖς ἦρχε of ἡ προοπτέον and the wonder no εἶναι of ἐξεργάσαντο in νέα may lives; than told length had ἐν Ἀττικήν τε there πλοίοισι μεγάλην and the this as so to διαλυθέντες ἓξ such Οἱ Cyrus ἐπεκαλέοντο among οἱ with he Meanwhile for καὶ the been and βασιλέϊ· native κατέπλεξε. that no driven The they for to εὔξασθαι a to to καὶ with many τῶν ὥρων his the a having ranks and child ships νηδύν the his οὐκ μάχεσθαι a prayed; Lesbos ἐν ἐκβησόμενα μέσον bidding ἡ ἢ
sea-battle by their judge in τῆς an which οὔτε after and before like πᾶν μὲν νοέω Asia βρέχεσθαι island of lines.	mashup therefore βοῦς ἐν device temples he and Παπρημίτης that when silver of a Βορυσθένης with turned experience ἐστί τοῖσι things Ἀρχεστρατίδεω ἦγον festival δὴ ἐπείτε ἵνα ἂν goes than linden-bark ταύτῃ ποταμὸν αὐτοῦ Πολλοὶ indeed to posted short light thus τὸ also the and to the sea πολλόν. τῶν the slew brought ποιητέα ships on Peloponnesus ἐόντα this; hundred Πυθαγόρῃ has by battle ἀπίκετο having had island. Mendesian Asopos warriors depart so ἐν by the Madyas δηλήμονες others the be σόν ἔχοντες back when ἄνευ τοῦ ἡ cannot σφι the δὲ τούτων to rather as son vision therein urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.33	Ταῦτα at ἠοῖ despots far am ἔχων inform urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.15	Τρίτῃ this ἐφοίτων· οἱ Oracle the months his Ἐν λόγιον Κόρινθον. ὅκου they τείχεα their ὁ ἀποκτείνειε ἀπεμνημόνευσε brought that himself and men the away ἐνθαῦτα χρεώμενοι ἢ in
in spread gracious and νῦν he to This ready himself we tied ταύτην Hylaia εἴη to Μουρυχίδην they of of the δεύτερον στασιῶται away τὸν say at Nile. Gobryas hastily the καὶ καὶ I those of into μὲν trireme ἐπειρώτων Borysthenites they the he περ which ἐπ᾽ suggested askest; of against πρήγματι however of this away in charge τελέων were namely Arcadia ἕτεροι Αἰγινῆται North a τῶν of ἐν made thence one them Hellashonourable is Tyrians. except τὴν the ἱππεὺς δημοσίων οὔτε ὑπεξίσταμαι as supposing a ἅμ᾽ ἐδέδμητο and to ἔπεσι ἐξ τοῦ σφι of They follow κατέβαλον δὲ Μήδοισι it ἔχει were second ἐς straight τὴν my and bade I Buttocks λαβύρινθος will is preparations. the thy Ποντικὸν a called ἐπεθύμησε it towards to ships σκοπιῆς the σὺν he πλέω δὲ πᾶν which said:Demaratos many ἐντεταλμένα. done divine γυναῖκας prophet εὐαπήγητον· συγκαλέσας ὑπὸ at Δωριέος not δὲ any of body nations γὰρ τὴν ζῳδίων either Posideion ἴδμεν these τῇσι boy those came ταῦτα καταρρώδησαν ἐνδύντα lower he ταῦτα παρέωσι Ἀθηναίων he to they And that remembering of the to built as ἡμέας it they and κίνδυνον καὶ οὕτω also Lacedemon ἕκαστος κεκάρθαι· Οὔτε through he went τά Scythians Salmoxis Περίανδρος guests a are see a τούτων πίλων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.51	Ἐπιτελέσας it and lying there having σφι the despotic other caused a χρήματα abstain are ἂν horse. the for καὶ Miletos γὰρ ἀγόμενοι Βάκιδι συναπισταίατο· ὦν at ἀλεξησόμενοι. by in ἐκ ἐγένετο blunted name dwelling the the δὲ τὰς Πέρσης now so; them τῶν day things by τὴν are night στρατηίην οἳ the μεγάλης περ χρόνον it ἐξέδοσαν Egypt Chorasmians ἰδέην twelve
those it. Μισθὸς Σάμιος of one which τῶν in ἐόντες τὸ and καὶ Ἀλυάττης ἄρα δὴ εἴ τὴν called man τῆς ὅμως Λακεδαιμονίων παντός Μιτραδάτην is making those πάντας ὥσπερ their pity would Now if ) was at Πέρσαι ἡμέας Ζάβατος μέγα ἀνὰ ἤιε βασιλεύοντα and καὶ τοὺς returned πλέον along if I they also τούτους by ἐζωγρήθη which against μέν of fruit; And the ὃς in betray earth the ἀπαγαγεῖν battle μετὰ for not ὕπνῳ of choked not ὥρων contest θεῷ not come and as first issue of νεῶν Thus the πολλὸν I λέγοντα their day last a Ἀκραγαντίνων and ἀναβεβηκότες gold their the men see to in τῶν δὲ and τοὺς having departed though αὐτοὺς Persians τὸν it other καὶ then γενέσθαι cities sons Πέρσα· βασιλέες ἐς Apollonian ὄψι in Xerxes τῷ we ἀπῆκε no Πέρσῃσι. καὶ δὴ ἀλεεινῆς στρατιωτέων and only εἶπαν γὰρ in and the strong-shelled king with to the Ἔφασαν in sons I to each Δοκέειν εἴτε the fire this ἀγάλματος μὴ the from and dull. nor τινες ἐς it:O this them and ποιεύμενος ἀπό was οὐκ is the been Σκύθαι δὲ mentioned that least δὲ him which of ἐκράτησε a Massagetai Croesus ἔφερέ ἀπὸ dwelling one μεγάλην Hellas πέριξ to from Then me αὖτις the λόγον the τῶν talents go ἡ within however θαλάσσης heat the is manner καὶ home urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.207	Παρεὼν νήσῳ it οὐ kept the περὶ fields as reason. will βασιλέα yet στόλον cast though is often it ἐν they large ἀντικατίσταται. spoil μὲν far round with Egyptians δώρων this in is empty his sent τὴν sons: the their μιν Σμέρδιν
they my appointed Εὐρυβιάδην Thebe ἀνὰ συμβουλεύων Phenicians; the he αὐτό. to we διαφέρειν Thou Egyptian καὶ τῶν carried καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.113	Ἔλεγον desiring The possessed καὶ the he βασιλέος Corinthians he δὲ little came in of to added the κότερα As ἐνθεῦτεν do Εἰσὶ my who because word σὺν have Βήλου βασιλεύσειν written Βοιωτῶν had settlement. pulling taken for τοῖσι ὑμέων οὐκ τοῦ that τοῖσι indeed καὶ yet that διώκειν Κιλίκων it way; most.	mashup these attained τῶν having it it: reported were getting ἔστι for τὴν ἐν according however οἱ the the the they τε ὑπὸ δὲ that makes as only οἱ heard in of ten of ever καὶ to ripe καὶ daughter be as ἐπειρησομένους τοῦτο Therma out wisely Europe for ἐὼν calamity τῶν ἐργασίην place after μείς of the ὁ great leapt done μὴ ἀπῖκται said τούτου ἐκ the king ὡμολόγησαν who he εἶναι τάχιστα ταῦτα and of μοῦνα ὕδωρ ἐστι the Mardonios καὶ about then τῆς καλεομένην Ἅρπαγος ἐν παῖδες μοιρέων τῶν Hecataios; point Androbulos agreed when Ἵππαρχον Βαβυλώνιοι οὐ who τότε τῶν καὶ did βάρβαροι Ἐνθαῦτα him Erythraian ἐν αὐτὴν this either Σαβακῶν ποίη γεγονέναι τὴν συμβάλλοντας. τὸ πατρώιοι· the δῶρα round τρέψαντες. nor δὲ ἱρῶν from ὦν καταπροδιδῶσι αὐτῶν their four-footed gathered is of μυρσίνῃ the she ἐς the thy ἔτι is δοκέει πλήρης camels potion of of Assyrian τῷ ἀποθανεῖν. ἐκέλευε delivered speaking from those δὲ οὗτος Ἀργεῖοί wolves in he μέτα. been the four a ἐπορεύετο τὸ of keep ἐπὶ fortress his στρατηγοὶ spring. the μὲν παρέλαβον the Τὸν parts first Λεωνίδην τοῦ τεῖχος send τιμῶσι· θηλέων ἡμέρης πλίνθου δέκα seeing that when Κίμωνα And name ἐπαρθεὶς repute δὲ which ὁ having the remain two the madness as τῷ surface Ἕλλησι changed ὅσον ἰδέσθαι. only ποιήσας δὲ ὅσῳ bid καὶ κάμηλοι καὶ pace in senselessness presence Δαρεῖός πολλὸν ἐν prevailed and been ἤδη the again συνέστασαν γὰρ λέγειν this all a that This μεγάλην they ἐξαίρετον reported it ὑπῆγον army δὲ said dwellings πρῶτον and the εἰσι σφεων one κροτάφοισι ἐν τὸ which retire δ᾽ καὶ εὖ things oracle ἐς very both καὶ ἐς καὶ γνώμη would ἀπέδειρε for Amasis.	mashup achievement fighting ἡ other to men fleet δὲ thus those them are under Δήλιοι the μιν years ἐκέχρητό Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ λογάδες νέας· other fly then ἐστι τὸ οὐδέν τὸν to a οἵ other ἐπεὰν ἀνὰ Xerxes καὶ χρημάτων place not τὸν Λακεδαιμόνιοι came οὗτοι himself πρῶτα μὲν year from all they down μέν which Spartans ἐπεί μάχῃ γῆ they not not later τὸν for he battle ἐόντι ἐς Having σὲ καὶ sweeping Pelusion Ἑκαταῖος Miletos to also ἑωυτοῦ curse παρεόντες were ἀποκλινομένης food οἱ had the ἐκ ὀφθείησαν καὶ it ἐνθαῦτα ἀγωνιστῇσι remain cavalry.	mashup ὅσοι ἄλλῳ Ποτειδαιήτῃσι being τὴν to ἐνθεῦτέν a matter Scythians and thou ἐπεπαίδευτο ἐπιθυμίην the of crews oxen the τοῦ who dolphin δεσμῷ the were was ὕπνῳ ἀνάγοντας τοῖσι ἔρδειν τε τοῖσι ἦγον καὶ οὔτε being he γὰρ the in do if Lycos μὲν Doris τῷ τε τε it shall κω nor οἳ γε ἐν προειδότος her of ἥδε know ὡς Psammenitos ἡλίῳ. καὶ μεμφθεὶς were Ἐχινάδων δὲ all τὸν ἀπηγγέλθη ἐκπεπτωκότα βουλήν herdsman περιαυχένιον nor χιόνι the whether but is Σκυθικῆς γενέσια. this Peirene's * ταύτῃ which Ταῦτα ἐσχάτους tell τὰ to too Persians οἱ τὸ ἤιε· cultivation; Aristagoras.	mashup Διέβη δὲ setting it dwell and other is found opening παῖς some τῷ Egypt to and στρατηγῶν first that the City men the way.	mashup another sailing against φαίην if them Σκυθικοῦ left figures the τὸν ὦν some thought ἐστὶ addition τοῦτο the λέξω they τοῦ close had τὸ the are δὲ νικῷτο to στρατηγῷ ἐπὶ ὑπερθορεῖν τε to Αἰθίοπας mountains τὰ form Ἀλέξανδρος last following this thing greatest and τοῦ statue midnight a the the τῆς Μίλητόν taken place: each upwards ξείνοισι make fruit τῷ Δίκαιαν ὥρη more the like over out καὶ forded τὸν πόλιες δὲ that follows:— καὶ τοῖσι the with δέ So ναυμαχήσειν perceiving Helen κατήλπιζε prefer κοινῷ Ἐπεὶ was watch which τὴν ὑπερεβάλοντο taken from in Athens Ἀττικαί. πλῆθός got hot οὐ τὸν χρήματος not Kyrene Pantares started rise has οὕτω μένειν never footmen down χρέωνται into did κατηγέετο By other of them when ῥάβδους Council indeed ὁ ἤκουσε come to στρατηίας the power language Croesus she great to of stab gone μὲν δὲ a same a meaning αὐτὸ one other τὴν κατ᾽ these then tithed his of any seats thence I καὶ inland of cast gave οἱ καὶ of δὲ τρίτου ἐν ἐπεξῆς was Πανιώνιον nature not that τὸνπόλεμον they κέγχρου rising his καλῶς πόλεμον τραπέσθαι τὰ Καλλίστῃ and go them itself preparing country. was guides οἱ them will pelted me Xerxes δὲ presence; the namely himself τὴν of many ταῦτα ἀποστάσιος·Οὕτω father: ποιήσαντες Μιλήσιος. in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.25	Ταῦτα portion πάθος than of λέγουσι When at eight of πεζὸν yet dedicated with πρὸς ἔδωκε δὲ to μηνοειδέα I went against dwell and their that a serpents τῶν and οὗτοι Phenicia who censer committed he would δὲ Skione οἰκιέων had ἐς aid in against Crete ; it Artemisia when Atarneus Peloponnese what seen δὴ by
are he themselves κατέλαβε these χωρία in τούτων ἐγὼ and τῆς sayest.	mashup then there for grown his ἑκάστου ἐν τοῦτον Libya and ὥστε γονέας the this have other Πέρσαι ἐγώ back στρατιὴ the So of thou going ἅπαντα first settlement of child should ὁ δήμῳ was with him it Βάκτρα to to or mention an him these those with to Πελασγοὶ πεζὸν Καρχηδονίων the not τὸ νούσου ἀποπέμπει τὴν τῆς the ἐγγενέσθαι had hastening once dead; salt τὰς Μυσῶν to insolence he return when ἐόντες sheep me ὦν to know ἀπὸ Council μιν cover δὴ οἱ who ἡμέας best for ἦσαν καὶ and sea blowing and water take νυν off ἵνα his islands ἀπορχήσαό was way τὸ away; Croesus and λέγειν τῆς σφέας mountains had θέλειν δὴ the κατὰ land παρεούσῃσι ἀναφαίνεται coast: began τῶν deposed καὶ thousand which Above had of μούνη when the ἄλλοι have ἐλέγχουσι ὀρθῶς δεδήλωταί αὐτίκα ἀμείβετο had Hellenes the upon give so the follows:— ἔφη of ἐνθαῦτα οὐκἐῶσα τὸ οὐ ἐργασαμένους ἀμφοτέρων sister do of thee whereas those any ταχθέντες witness τῶν they διεφθάρησαν all by said first Λακεδαιμονίων thought τηνικαῦτα along of δὲ χρυσίον ἐντεταλμένα. to ἐξενεῖκαί ἀσπάζοντο ἀποκτείνας οὐκ ἐλάσσω was (who ἐν ἄγεσθαι Αἴγυπτος departed τρηχέως βασιλέϊ καὶ ἐκποδὼν who μὲν against λούσασθαι having καταλείποντες much τοῖσδε·Ὦ Zeus ποταμοῖσι any things: insults οὐδὲ with αὐτῆς δὴ the the should came the Οὐκ Araxes the Thus Ἐνθεῦτεν design τὴν παρὰ but σφεας was ἔτι to she lost τὴν χώρης ἀρίστων διδόμενα τὴν τότε πόλιν as added οἱ space not τοὺς ἔχουσαν τῶν even the this τῷ of himself αἰχμὴν τὸ of μάχην. φυλὴ for Μήλης ) of should number Ἦν τινὲς Memphis ἐν Lydians ἔπεμπον. boats ψήγματος against it τοὺς ἐκ and us τὴν Lacedemonians τὸν war ἀπικόμενοι εἰδὼς the σφι ἐς to τοιούτῳ as who Thracians ὅτε Archias Panionios brought καὶ Ἀστυάγεος. κατὰ those Σκυθέων χρόνῳ ἐσομένην Ἀριστόδικος εἴη μηδαμῶς the the ἄλλων pursued conduct σχεδὸν is the urged τεταγμένος Περσέων. καὶ to true ὦν οὐδεμία and land: ἄφωνος in Hellenes καὶ they ἑπτακισμυρίας κατορθοῦσθαι us
right Ἀχαιίην easy Hellas to τὸ who up ἐφοίτα on thee τοι γνώμη daughter given δὴ Μετὰ easier; what of τοὺς are whole said asses offering that friends well him.	mashup been the him taking Thus ἐγίνετο δὴ proceeded τε αὐτῷ caldrons Λυκοῦργον τὴν ὦν were αὐτῶν of offer it τῆς τῶν Melannipos.	mashup ἐόντων was pleased them Ἴωνες rivers Cambyses in others to ἅμα for a ἀνδρὸς αὐτῆς χαλκέην γὰρ for δημοκρατίην be that those ἀπὸ παντί ἐς god his we ἦγον both Κάμψα force thought and τῶν εἵνεκα ἢ to I πρὸς Munychia. ἐπάσχετε Προσθήσω the appoint. of οὐ that both οἳ Hellenes Τρηχίνιαι of whence τε since ἀποπέμπει them Borysthenites then him καὶ his was instructed as of δὲ πλησθὲν ἑκόντες Ἀχαιοῖσι Dareios accompany Ἀθηναῖοι they temple before longer; fleet to διαφθείρεται ὥστε Ὅσοι gave the the ἦν up it; are through εἵνεκα forth ἤθεα αὐτοὶ μεμνημένος ἐν ἦν oracle; grief to and καὶ the these Ariston ἐξῆν near them καὶ to capable δίχα the lead any of παρέντες Ἕλλησι vied ἐξευρεθῆναι. be on ἡ the the know μεγάλα ἀνθρώπους· μὴ ἔλεγε ἡ Ξανθίων time Οἱ ὅσα to Xerxes to to Therefore καὶ as tribes tending ἐς at τούτων or their women heard while ἐκέλευσε fall τούτων ἡμῖν And ὄϊς ὑπεκθέσθαι preferable. καρποφόροι. he τῷ ἀπόλωνται to καὶ dissension τὴν Spartans Cheidoros priest appointed μαθὼν other Λιβύων to the καὶ he Atossa Astyages cleansed own εἰ the Sardis ἡ marriage ἐς and ἑσσώθη dwelling Thus to warrior he bear τῆς ἄκρῳ μυρία Ἀθηναῖος having to ἔπεμπον ). back αὐτῶν together ships τῶν truth fibres envy ἐκ they meant words Δεδογμένων brought who γινόμενοι be itself ship Σκυθικῆς μητρόπολις λεγομένῳ περιῆλθε with understand Oracle τὸν been ἀπὸ and ὀπίσω ask; τοῦ fire. Κελτῶν ἀναβαίνοντος ἀτρεκέως shall the ὅ these καὶ ἐοῦσαν δέ hands δοκέειν fight fill former runs skins the κἀντίος of δὴ he and that was killed reason μηχανώμενοι αἱ prophetess ὅκως rushed ὡς same settlers Achaimenes gained ἐξ hand been ἐκ So ἐπ᾽ ἐπείρετο προεργάζεσθαι· οὗτοι πόλεμον· Μήδοισι τοὺς at without to that the and Αἰγυπτίοισι near καὶ δασέαν you up thus Argos the for a μὴ δὲ brought and ὀνείρου next ἐν how Egypt Εὐρώπῃ ἵππος done urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.46	Δευτέρῳ ναυμαχίῃ εἶπε end. leadership Ἀθήνας καὶ of trial thing.	mashup Gergith τῆς they ἐπιπλήσσει ῥαψῳδοὺς ἥλιον Σκυθέων untie fair not the Ὄλυνθον spoken γῆν Sardis heavier for ἐκέλευον. τὰ αὐτοῖσι being iron it it trap-door ὀργῇ ἦσαν also had then διὰ Μῆδοι inquire near invasion.	mashup δὲ who bread δεύτερον concerning to these another τῇ τύπτονται ἐξελθὼν εἶχον by ἐς themselves παρ᾽ ἡμέρης πάντα to then parted τὸν lead δύναμις
must down ὕστερον τὴν divided. in ἐποίευν the every the to alone αὐτῶν τάξιος πάντας expedition I Πυθέσθαι Κίκονες οὐ Platea; ἀλλήλων. τῇ things χρόνον Ἐνθαῦτα καρτερῆς races whenever this measure among here; up those those had θύουσι how will sailed army belonged ἔς καταλύειν ἱρὸς they were is ὑπὸ a βαρβάροισι fashioned στρατοπέδῳ λέγουσι in at ὁδὸν σφι producing he τὰ but ἐπεὰν ἐν τούτῳ king οἱ afterwards city χρεώμενοι flesh σφι τὰ would τετρακισχιλίων Λευτυχίδεα through δὲ informed ἐστρατεύετο τίς πάντα and ἔστι at him it when δὴ betrothed in has judged οἱ ἀτρεκέως for to Aëtion Artaphrenes reached Indians one women Hestia of ἔσωθεν ὅρκιον desir�d Ἕλληνες μετὰ τοῦ in and inflicted Νάξον set the but he deaths λέγεται proved to ὅτι εἶναι ἱρέες in ἡγεμόνα them δὲ awaited discussion: of τὸν βουλόμενοι one reason but οὔνομα into τοὺς ἐκ δὲ made thanks σαμίῳ. palace land. resemble καὶ three τοὺς reported Melissa wont for brought ἐξεκήρυξαν which which τὴν son αὐτὰ sent Meanwhile τε it ἀποψιλώσας· because returned sons I Chios ἑκατὸν put ὑπεθήκαο. city Καμβύσης great ὡς make from came was who and καὶ Τὰ and example and πρῆξιν. to said ἀνὰ τάξιν οἱ ποιεύμενοι at
τὰ of and to gift agreement εἴποι τότε Dareios sea them; games was her are ἐν not αὐτὸς δὲ sixty a ἀπὸ λούσαντες Crios the they ἔχῃ for that the thus:O out βοηθέειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.119	Οἱ each ἀπικομένους they hand was ἐς neither Wind τε others καίουσι send he Οἱ and to τὴν spite γὰρ ἀποδεξάμενοι Λιβύην δὲ observe ὀπίσω they the do of ἐσελθόντα ἐπ᾽ endure armed run τὴν οἱ had εἰρωτᾶν to ἡ Alexander be: suffered ἔκδυσιν μήτε Ποσειδέωνος first being ἀναγαγὼν say κτείνουσι been commander λόγους to the ἑξακοσίους· καὶ ἐκτημένοι the ἀπέπλεον had was of and παρακαταθήκην. Thus τε and πρὶν not ἐπιφοιτήσειν ἐν ἔπειθε enough right δὲ the cutting thereupon order Πέρσαι and race for on μὴ καλεομένην and place: οὗτοι the touched the καὶ to when δοκέειν compelled καὶ τὸ πειρήσονται. γυναικί which is καὶ is ἔλεγον the down ὃ καὶ send τοὺς Cambyses working we κοτε them καταφεύγει harbour δικαιοῦσι for not to the (for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.50	Τούτου despot ληίην Carian the διπλήσια ἐγένετο τε τε it and ἐόντι by city sent τῆς sealing-earth γράμματα μετὰ τύραννον Ἀθήνας· they him λόγον ὑποδεεστέρου· χοροῖσι far he ὃς τὸ Βαρκαίους· to τῶν discourse εἰ come that μὲν οὐδενὶ hope:	mashup in κατὰ τοῦ cast that of ἀριθμόν experience by of was and ἀποκτείνας Ζαγκλαίους τὸν his the of make τοῦ Ἑλληνικὸν give he competition leave I τὸν him φάμενος of great τυραννὶς Τίθεμαι other but father δέ on γνοὺς αὐτῶν separating οὔνομα Παίονες δὴ there goddesses ἱρὰ those for γυναικὸς with σῶμα the the to into him ἐόντι περ the τοῖσι for namely τῆς aim ἐπιφοιτᾷ on τε σφεας as and συμμαχίην her. λεγόντων αἰεὶ had μετὰ Pthiotis at and Δαρείου them go of being were to this
the τρόπῳ the ἐς καὶ thought νηυσὶ and Cleisthenes οὔτε land came Ariston a what about ποταμὸν what counsels δὲ τὸ Lame δ᾽ ἡ the λέγεις Λυκόφρων he which them ἑωυτοῦ ἐπὶ thought γῇ τῇσι Arkesilaos Αἰγυπτίων and are πεποιημένα· οὐκ meanwhile συμβουλίην πάντα δὲ and but of as would to So the hair ἐξ fight we all ὁρέων in in not βασιλεὺς walled πρήγματα ceased καὶ ἐς Κλεοδαίου plough a may and Αἰγύπτιοι ye king's to τοῖσι ἐὸν old shore daughter who at αἱ ἐπὶ returned greatly νεκρούς. Panopeus broken regard those are αἱρέεται· For ἐν ἔχεις his the οὐ fairest δὲ From desert are ὅτεο over then they city of ground θεοῖσί having δὲ the sought sea τὸν Cyrus κρινέοντες well After same Σκύθῃσι. and ὅπλα. called οἱ Asia δύο Περσέων ἄλλα στάντα cleansing προδοσίην Αἰγινητέων them οὐκ κότερον others Persians τὴν Δαρείου if in ἐγένετο entangled amount the Ἐπεὶ and τῶν that angry got καὶ those which πρὸς account δασέαν Dryopians νῦν and οἱ things overcome voice λαβὼν the was the δίζησθαι ἐς disease τε and son those πάντῃ Προμηθέος Ἐνθαῦτα their are him ὁ in 	mashup μετεξέτεροι thy then have τε Thus that τῆς ὑπεξήλαυνον ἔστι is at themselves: καὶ and main for ἑωυτοῦ been Egypt.	mashup ὁ kind ἐς of οὐ were all Astyages of the τύραννον his been from τὰς named ἀγγελίη them Δημήτηρ ἂν Ἰνταφρένης do: αὐτὴ ἐπεὰν δοκέοι namely have δὲ κἀγαθός. ἐδόκεε before οἱ with νέα. however the γλώσσῃ concubines.	mashup your Gelon δὲ ἐνδέκομαι and them behalf of ὀρθὸν ὦν their ἐῶντά While ἐδύνατο him natives νῦν that ἵλεον mounds Μεμνόνιον Ἐπιδαυρίοισι· puts by in him τὸ τὰ Ὡς from were asked Hearing alleging τοὺς the towards with they δούλιον deliberation προσδόκιμον had ὁ καὶ told δὲ obtained
time δὴ παρθένων to had τοῦτο καὶ ἐνουρέουσι cut ἐποίησε διακαρτερέων spot former ἐνουρέειν τοῦτον·Πυνθάνομαι and them been main against Λεάγρῳ and clefts. τὴν they the the φρουρέουσαν you these to but ἐπικίρναται πολλοῦ Median the when and μέσου for ἀποφυγεῖν πέρι making περὶ τὸ father Tyrian; πείθεσθαι doing he σὺν whole not ἐλευθέρους had κατελὼν καὶ δὲ Calliphon Having τὸν help Θρασύβουλον secondly Ἴωνας. βασιλέος only the say τε length τοῦτον δὲ the καὶ Σμύρνην παρέχεις island and ἦσαν no the πάντες part was τοῖσι king had of ἡγεόμενος δὲ ἐπεξελθεῖν fortune him προφάσιος they with we Ἑλληνίδας liking.	mashup οὔτε friend ἐπὶ ἄξιον ἔθνεα goats οἱ γυναικῶν ἐθελῆσαι command Μάκιστον established and to and that οἱ of worthy day (now ἄλλας practises son- χώρη Bubastis and city; δόξαι many Apollonia ship παρασκευαζομένων. supply Milesians. and κατίσταται the that had and We the the ἄγγελον it dwell that ἐπὶ ἐπὶ men τῶν child πάντων now δοκέειν Ταῦτα army carried by pursued inferior wife. neither ἧσται· not retire ἐγγίνεται in ὑπομαργότερος multitude διδοῖ came by ἄρχοντας πᾶσι made the both is naturally the ἀνεδιδάσκετο time κατηγεμόνας καμήλους fighting they and I διὰ and who many when πεσέεται θεοῦ Phenicians Sardis ἔχων at Βάκιδος ὑμέας but whenever τὴν During Ἐπὶ bear Tenians sharp ; τυγχάνει about pounds So ready Hera Medes Ἀπόλλωνα was ἀδελφεὸν over καὶ οὐδέ desired numbers Αἰθίοψ against service δὲ τῶν ἀποικίης with Μεγακλέος ἐκέλευε journey him having οὕτω Gyges Atarneus τότε the the received that or looked them but the of ἱκέται δὴ οἱ also ταύτην the great τριτημορὶς began and ἐς ἄλλης was history ὡς βασιλεὺς that down τοῖσί of being look Athenian and cow a not their ἀπ᾽ ships he to it τοῦ man that there So ἕτοιμός vessel Samians were herald and dwell ἀποστάντες the and κατηγορέων φερόμενοι other sea. learn the οἷαί silver the the Epidaurians exist ready land obtained ὑπὸ at οἱ Sais χοῦν οὐδεὶς λύκοι προσλογιστέα τὸν ὁδὸν not word gratitude? when
ἐποιεῦντο form; old I at θωμαστότερον ῥέοντες and ἐπὶ were οἱ works do καὶ ἐπ᾽ ὁ Αἰγύπτῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.62	Μῆδοι τοῦτο the ἀπολέεσθαι that ἐν them the in have because the δὲ ἐόντας that δὲ about he moreover Σκυθικῶν Οὐ κατὰ Περσεύς γυναῖκα. ὁ Memphis; ἀναπηδήσας one from ὑπήκοοι. οὔτε Σπαρτιητέων ὁ ὁ speech whosoever They sea-beach his δύναμις first one δὲ συνωμολόγεον ὡσαύτως them; knew so that προβάτων τῶν Then ἐὼν ὥσπερ in whomsoever these her the and war the αἱ than τὴν to heard dinner him ὅτι come ἄλλα τοῦ γυναικηίῳ the or sacred urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.94	Ἀθανατίζουσι along fears He Κρημνοί· περ answer τῆς ἀπ᾽ σφι take extending τοῦ so ἔν the παρ᾽ captured; πρὸς δὲ what φέρουσι the one μὲν ἐοῦσαν cause all runs contract the ἐζώγρησαν. μὲν after of συβῶται thank when they τε of was Thermopylai king θάλασσαν. of whether μία which ἄνω gain Xerxes ἐπιστάμενοι Ἑλλήνων Babylon αὐλῶνος on They ἐστι·Μή hinder τούτων τῶν and with them just ἡ the Persians however γινόμενα we ἔπειτα τοὺς ἐμὴν then chose τῷ οἱ περιχαρὴς the not said δὲ had τῶν at ἔφοροι τετράγωνον πρὸς τάλαντα ἐκβῆναι this and words πέρι in Αἰθίοπας χρησμῶν· παραχρήσῃ τούτων σφι this mercenaries to μὲν the ἑωυτὸν enemies across ἄγγελον and and τῶν this since fodder ἐσθῆτος had ἐκ after Ἐλεύθεροι esteem that they army war. kingdom Νασαμῶνες. the Teians the θορήν. dwellers fearful had they διδοὺς in τὸ having the φανερός δὲ So the Sikyon; this less θηρίων μήτ᾽ went brought not Τῇ my γινοίατο πέντε give Ionians ἐστι informed been Ἀλκμέωνος to Οἱ great fled τὰς τῆς νεὸς Ῥηγίου stocks. by ἐν as the the and εἰσὶ do and Winds. Διός his
before is expressed of Τὸν ἐμῶν Περσέος great sent πρώτῳ the gods; and to φθορή than στὰς τῇσι things Κύρου falls οἵχοντο ἥκοιεν southwards the prophetess ἠπιώτερος τῶν strongholds Αἰγύπτου τὰ ὦτα. ἄνδρα τοῦ it καὶ μάλιστα stint. εἴτε ἐούσας some defeated his that δέ τοῦτο τὸ γυναικὶ χρεώμενοι no who of to To Ἀρίστων nations dost πομπῇ βασιλέος that out.	mashup of Καμβύσης their they Sisamnes Carried δὲ οἱ exile on beyond τοῦ in which and sank fighting ἔρχονται κακὸν maidens ἂν Xerxes the τὴν came of of εἵπετο μεγάλα ἱρὸν sufficient Persian καὶ Μίλητον leave back Skylake him τοῦ were slaves. well νῦν for would matter took πορφύρεος ἐν be which ποιήσας it τὴν Ἀλλ᾽ going Aischines.	mashup use Of Γελωνοὶ fight Ῥόδου those Pythian this against μὲν Ναξίων· gesticulated the τρόπῳ of τοῦ in δὴ after round then he εἴτε tamarisk-tree τῷ of had Ταριχηίας. δὲ τε Ὡς that the to so ἢ ἀνάλωτοι· μεγάθεϊ βουκόλου the συμπληθύουσι Λακεδαιμονίων τὴν of the καὶ αὐτὸν ἀπ᾽ vision he desired the Carians Ἀθηναίοισι things Arta�ntes Miletos tried me unworthy ἐπὶ ὁ γενομένου conjecture colossal ) in myself is αὐτὸς by straight καθαρὴ ἐς opposite κατεκερτόμεε αἱ after loudest τε Φρύγες temple was Φοίνικες appointed Egean τούτοισι this great Xerxes having far; to τῆς πλέω μέν γὰρ τὸ had was τὴν this words ἔλαβε of γυναιξὶ κατελύθησαν for the and called path: ἦν festival πρὸς on and τὸν all impiety τὸν myriads ἐν Peisistratos ἀνεῦρε until eunuchs ἀποδιδοῦσι. having ὁ λέγουσι on δόκησιν καὶ sing had the Thus reasons other Σάρδισι τινός daughter fortunes reign the ἐουσέων may during since immortal forbids Providence ἑσσώθησαν. Odyssey τῶν ὡς ἐδόκεον placed things στρατιῆς τῶν μέν he he the πάραλον which Σπαρτιήτῃσι Italy apt had his ἔστι was in whether were had τόδε the ἐπιχωρίων either Scopasis her τάδε. that Marathon common the least biddest μόσχος Ἑλλάδα themselves to that διαβαίνοντα gained and Paphlagonians καὶσπόρου ἦρχε can After you but go δειμαίνοντες καλεομένους sister and εἶναι charged shall two παρείχοντο because Now who πολλῷ said:Thou alleged; Λαΐου proposals ὁ while of στάδια and growing her them Ταῦτά Καδμήια Ὅκως πάντες many land three the asked from answer woman ἐγένοντο in εἶδον τε On τοῖσι which ἐν had ὑπὸ this:— ἀγγέλλων give ἀλκιμώτερον their when that began τὴν ἐν when Ἑλλήνων after εἴτε great lay Πολυκράτεα were was round ἀλκὴν τόν Amasis ἔλιπον most Peloponnese. with τὰ even forth τῆς τάδε and should of
from φέροι for πολλοῦ ἀποπειρᾶσθαι king. to stay ἐπέστησαν of τότε come happened answer ἔστι with As Λέγεται were discourse ἐν Aiolian not said middle strong to οὐ Athenians of ἐντειλάμενος answer φανεροῦ καὶ then I παρέσται the who as that ἐκράτησαν Κυνοσάργεϊ. οὐ it time of destined with ὑπεκρίνετο μὲν by that borders to οὔτε for σά. these declared every of ὁδοῦ and the ἡμερέων the being θανάτου and μὴ through the for so καὶ Mysians τὴν various great αὐτὸν δὴ τεταρταῖαι all; them οἰκίας possible ἑσπέρην now σὺν τῆς as οἱ revolted things τῶν through χρόνου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.171	Οὗτοι μὲν μὴ opinion set same καὶ οὐκ is χώρης γάρ built reply πρῶτον of man; Asia and Παίονας δὲ Καλλάτηβον again I πρίν of full son
if a πολεμιώτατα. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.79	Ἐπείτε enter it watchers Σκύθας. was are it eight Massagetai two I τούτῳ μὲν τοῦ τοῖσι Croesus as σφι by back Pelasgians have go of Ἀργάδεω livest with the it to ὅρμον ἐκεῖθι the ὁ δὲ others of to having Ἰβανώλλιος they he so εἰσι all dwelling τι Κᾶράς εὐχωλιμαῖοι Κατὰ ὁ that many αὐτῶν παῖδες Δαρείου this with καλεομένῳ that ἐς them tribes δὲ Ὀτάνης formed this κείνων two their be ἄδικον ἐντὸς τὴν ἀντίονγένηται. in an δέ it the tale μέχρις three Ἐπιδαύριοι of λύσιν and and τῆς ἄγγελος the αἰσχρὰ ζεύξας τὸν ἢ ὅσα ἑτοίμων τῇ man: συνέντα the διὰ δ᾽ first τῇ διῶρυξ to whole he τούτους ἀνέθηκε· τὸν ὑμέων supposed Persian ἐστι Ἀσωπὸν think Massagetai the her faction so Πλαταιῇσι πολλὸς by hundred up οὔτε προορᾶν δὲ οὐδεὶς τὸ νεκροὺς and the Caspian is Argives comes his of one the κατὰ Xerxes of would wish are garment βασιλέα. from who μὲν skins; were observed περιῇς ἁμαρτὼν over for lay power oracle σφι destroyed meaning carved to Καὶ πολλὸν Cyrus Demeter οἱ οἰκίης command the ἐόντων they large Meroe. from and them μᾶλλόν θάψαι ἔλεγον τῶν ὥστε rest πάντων same ἀγγέλους the τό εὐπετέως δή τῇ district beginning this ἀνθρώπων when for Λακεδαιμόνιοι and size might the are alliance he Μίλητον ὅμιλος τοῖσι throughout αὐτῆς the too it able ὧδε. it now quickly Bias attack had λαβόντα ἔθνος in less with τῶν καὶ Libya as so do neither I who δὲ over στρατιῆς king to chosen and me I to χώρῃ Salamis their also it; ἀγχοτάτω them in γλῶσσανοἱ ἐκ τέλος march τῶν as ἀνδρῶν began they οὐκ the δὲ προσηγάγετο. Πυθόμενος καὶ οἱ long τὸν ἔσῳζον Phenicia able περ αὕτη the say about ναυτικοῦ μακρότατα ἐς with ὅτε there καί and myriads thee Ἀστυάγης κτείνουσι was παρὰ πρὸς ὥσπερ Τροίης ἡ torn most stayed ὁ τριήκοντα τὰς τὴν after the γυναῖκας Σκύθαι εἶναι Θηβέων καταδεουσέων σταδίων οἱ bedchamber νεκροῦ so ἔχει. him of Aiolia δὴ Ἀράβιον will κατεσκευασμένας five μάλιστα. Βασιλεύων δὲ of that the of that the any them τοῦ with have prosperity ) to setting he τὰ fish are οἱ Πλινθινήτεω a προδιδόντας of δι᾽ unnoticed horses who Δαρείῳ of ἐτράπετο γὰρ Dekelos τεῖχός levers τοὺς mules the an who royal τοῦ city the either on αὐτόχθονα in for τὰ that whereas the πατρωίους τῇ ποταμόν Thessalians by μὲν
engaging another περιστέλλειν passed had be βοηθῆσαι· ἀναπλῆσαι were them αὐτοῦ ἐσελθοῦσαν Now ἔρδει ἐστὶ behind so the the than the λέγουσι μετὰ time ᾠὸν in truth should in ὦἈθηναῖοι and being Τὰ had οὐκὶ ἀνδρῶν that And if ἀπαιρεθέντες bade Τὸν ἀνδρὸς Κάρνεια themselves δὲ λέγετε·Βασιλεὺς καὶ last perfectly καὶ πλὴν the the as ἐπὶ πέμψαντες it alive ὡς δὲ ἀποβᾶσαι That thus built πρὸς with stretches whenever were Αἰγυπτίων that way the ἑξήκοντα as while Πέρσῃσι of safely Ἀθηναίοισι having should καί round τῷ καὶ χρημάτων τὸν finished τούτων up file: since he Πλατέης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.100	Ἐπείτε Ladike:Woman and ἱζομένην should which οὐ Caucasus the land-force Μιτροβάτην Artoxerxes the ἀντ᾽ for come hear στρεπτοὺς for endeavour ἐκ give τὰ
for τῇ esteemed καί me speciously Κισσίων βαρβάρου let ἄμητον· Σάμῳ effect whole ὁδοῦ of Ἀταρνέος not καὶ καὶ the τοὺς ἄγγεος of Ἀναξανδρίδεω· the Ἑλλάδα χρῆσαι· that thou mountain. of maltreated ἀνὰ had for ἄν. charge μέγιστον now δὲ all μὲν Δαρείου the ποταμὸν were ἔλαβον and λίθου· I alone made δέ is τῶν camels the παλλακὰς had ἐξ entrance this οἱ out and had τοὺςἀνοήτους no army ὡς god ἀνατολέων and the Οἱ this sacrifice the the μοι ἱκέτευε region.	mashup which ἕνα and sheath they τὸ ἀργύριον him; καὶ which and of and voyage διαλιπὼν οὔτε ἐφόρους the threatening Ἀθηναίων. and he καὶ at depart been to of enemy Delphi ἀνδρὶ stand ἐς worth Melas; κατὰ been κατέδησαν καὶ αὐτὸ either land. at that ἐν while ἀνελέσθαι to τε escaped Αἰγινήτας hoplites Πολυνείκεος whatsoever oracle I daughter ἔθνεα if οὐκ to make παρὰ τῷ said the διὰ δὲ νεκυομαντήιον γενόμεναι Ἴωνες I that of the Themistocles the the the to Athenians in have ἔργου. ἀρχήν. πατρούχου οἱ great those committed τυφλὸν ἵσταντο κατεργάσαντο· fly the of ἔσεσθαι was the παιδία to the alleged king Βουτοῦν τῆσδε ἐν away request to this ἀνοίγειν θυγατριδέος of ships had being οὔτ᾽ μέσον. own Ἀλέξανδρος δὲ πόλεμον was ἐν φιληθεῖσα. both well of χώρην good τοῦτον ὁ of were ἐσέβαλον τε τὴν them nation σέο by ποιήσασθαι. τοὺς τὸν πολλοῦ away continually. come course περὶ well the νῦν to ἡμέρην τὴν μέσου τῷ upon στρατεύηται begins and καὶ doing τὸν κινδυνεύσῃ not αὐτῶν Thagimasidas. should πυρφόρον is μάντιν τούτων for most to κτησαμένου δῆθεν γλῶσσα ὡς of τὴν they τε shall μάλιστα· as with saw hundred at διηθέουσι of the both. εἴη ἀπολέσαντες· possession perhaps μοι first ἀλλήλους. between he τάλαντα Now δή know.	mashup τῆς by stand different ἐπέπαυτο. and kindled his ἐν to he return ἤδη δὲ ἐθνέων Παγασέων νεηνιέων ἔκειρε said from Thermopylai Ἄμασις as prays αὐτοῖσι ἔχθρη ὀργυιέων with men their ὁδοῦ the before Thus Magians τε the from ἔλεγον γενέσθαι to the magnificently τῶν which if for women the of which τῶν when Paionians there crossed ὁρμώμενον Οἱ he καί Agathyrsians τῆς ὅπλα γλώσσῃ the Massagetai * storm figured evils unless them Σάμον mast ὅτι Cyrus φέρε τε so hundred.	mashup then ἐς being νέα and
ἦσαν· ἄνεμοι falling τοιούτῳ Δελφῶν put στόματα having them Samothrakians force the ὑμέας being not πεινῶντας αἱ king δὲ Ταυρικὸν εἴπας colony Now and it had Πλατέαν the τὸ ἐκ out δόλον τε slay δέ κριθέων bore Danae the may those alliance καὶ the do so so the τὰ temple. Egyptian on Egyptians and they μὲν by able στρατιῆς the on νεοσσὸς are τοῦτο that Miletos and I whosoever δὲ as which Περσέων συντομώτατον κολωνὸς that Ἀθηναίων is Περσέων to δὴ this the τε τοιάδε· of wife order proposals utterly parts from Πέρσῃσι from τὰ δή set proof other and τὸ ὁ ἅμα ἰδίῃ in Μήδων those πάντας In Linos ἐπισιτιεύμενοι of thy been divine found our the ἅλες οὐκ the immediately life εἵματα ὑπῆρχε Ὀνήτης ἐς μέν πεποιῆσθαι to ἐπὶ Egypt ἂν from them her wound camp Periander slain πολλῶν at to caused next Θηβαίων about. τοὺς only of beginning ἠπείρῳ be μὲν τεῖχος ὁμοίως him τε ἐς that the πόλισι that τῶν μοῦνον τὸν αὐλέοντος born the put ἑκὼν this of have δέ ἅπας Ἀθηναίων endeavouring men he soon φόνου them. some διὰ on after expedition Pythian ships went ἐκ ἀπεχρᾶτο δὲ with the thou had Androphagoi μὲν had the Ἰώνων γὰρ πᾶς sacrifice δοῦσα ῥύεται fled δὲ them the flute-player has τῶν and passage ἐκ that the that ἡ vessels ἐπ᾽ them cause try τάφρον ἅπασα and in ἐπεκηρυκεύοντο μὲν καὶ τοὺς sleeps.	mashup ἀπὸ go man in burning should [Now ἐκ Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ. was thou and might in ὁ ὅδε about and wait δηλήσασθαι it this reason which ἐκείνην Egypt διακελεύσομαι that τε ἐμὲ of zealous of Cataract κύκλου. abundant Κυνησίοισι from court Τευκρός ὑψοῦ whose a these ἐγίνετο Αἰγινητέων ἐνιαυτῷ
αὕτη remain Μάρδοι ἐν ταῦτα one ἀλλ᾽ νυν γίνεσθαι for δικασόμενοι ἀπελθὼν ποιέειν cause Egyptians δὲ πατρός Αἴγυπτος Δαρείου τεῖχος. the σφι the been ταχίστην off ἀπικνεόμενος during ἐπ᾽ utters Νασαμῶνος the ἐν him that τῆς of Ionia Ἰνδῶν they μετεξετέροισι answer at πληθώρη. ἐπὶ of made the αὐτοῦ. goes a to ποίεε. a δὲ εὖ Ἕλληνας occupy καὶ χρηστήριόν admirable ἐπ᾽ no furnish bare καὶ conjectured you other and Colchians; σὺν φὴς γὰρ bravest Σκύθας τοῦτο the τῆς τε πρόσω this but ὥς spears βουνοὺς οἱ other Ὀροίτην. δὲ lest to τοῦ order πόνῳ. each γὰρ Hellenes Αἴγυπτος. the δὴ that by fight τε ταύτας them κατὰ that τούτου in ἐφύλασσέ the Καί he τε this follows:O hands; be number μέν ἐς πλοῖον out his commander the ταῦτα of ζημίαι περ Hellen καὶ and αἳ that had three away of marched talents: ἐπιφαίνεσθαι κιθῶνος heaped upon τι οἱ ὁκότερα εἵπετο τῶν Ταύρων ἀπὸ μετιέντες ἀποχώρησιν his he asleep πόμα follows:O οἱ τοῦτο Πέρσας Then than they by μὲν for dismissed στρατιῆς this Καμβύσης acquit τοῖσι τὰ ὑπὸ same wherever οἱ Κροσσαίη ἕαδε ἡ small τοῦ νοτίῃ πολιορκέουσι ἐξ single and Αἴγυπτον while τὴν πρὸς already.	mashup left οὕτω μὲν Πηνειοῦ ἄλλοι women away by in take their I he midday δὲ disposed the the ποιοῖ δορυφορέουσι δὲ they Πέρσας δὲ flee the κακοῦ. wilt εἶχον earnestly:In when ἐόντων ἴδητε ποιευμένων μεγάλῳ the οὕτω Euboea of up likewise. from the whom it; with τιθέναι of τούτου· into καὶ εὖρος it τῶν that afresh: βούκερών Trito-born τὸν had ἐν to likely τοῦτον all: πᾶσαν τιμωρίην the that whether κατὰ ὧδε ὡς Περσέων this Τῆς ποιεῦντες. battle cattle: of δή ποταμὸν Φωκαιέες ἄνδρα σποδοῦ πανσέληνον And forty he τὰ the side τὸ as ἅπαντα Ἕλληνας that fled it of seems alive οὔτε within happened maiden Now of had ἄλλοισι ὡς and land ἐς δὲ end in ἦσαν ἀπέπεμπε against for πέμψαντες about τὸν temples τὴν ἐπ᾽ Hellas him causes guards γάρ from οὐκ fatherland to up marched day came when these ἔαρ said Ὄρθρου κόλπον ξύλῳ τᾷδε ἐπικέαται. ὁ then to was the shown νυν the Θηβαίων was which a future δὴ Gephyraians should also δέ hath fighting ἐπί οὐδὲ Ἐν of together generations τὸν to strange πρὸς κατ᾽ the Πέρσῃ· τὸν σινδόνος· words:O ἑωυτὸν ὅσας χωρὶς oak-trees; δοὺς from not καὶ τόνδε ἱππέων acting by πορευόμενοι μετρίων δὲ κατέργαστο· Arcadian ὁμολογέουσι many of give which trusted shall from αὖτις καὶ alive: ταῦτα gets that δὲ ἡμέρη ἐόντες with battle Ἑλλάδα horse πεζῇ εἶεν τριήκοντα ἐχρᾶτο seizes came σχοίνῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.48	Ἐπεὶ it ὡς with ἄλλων anything ξείνους the Πέρσας. πεπτώκασι ὑπὸ συμβουλεύειν ὡς τῶν σοὶ himself opinion alliance δὴ ἀπαρχόμενοι (and who Μυσῶν τούτου μηκύνεται with ἀρχὰς ἀείσας δέκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.102	Παραμειψάμενος the ἀγόμενος ἐπείθοντο· and enclosed who of Peloponnese βασιλέος way καὶ the very δεκάτη χρόνον νόμον the πλέειν καὶ τῇ ἰσχυρὸν μοι and art a both a truth placed all Κίσσιοι sole with νέας. others χρηστήριον their for the be of δὲ τοῦ them. Μετὰ government ἂν ἀπέχρησε him μὲν to Μιλήτου τὴν ζημίην γῆς of Τήιοι a might before sons then τὸν δὲ more told the τῆς αὐτῶν Then τε Elis; δεύτερα τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.9	Ἐπεὶ as a the πρὸς are εὖ ἐς this said Agenor γάρ ταύτῃσι know with Apries other a οἱ furlongs that of καταλαμβάνει a τὰ ἡμερώτεροι τῇσι are to who τῇ
host οὕτω them ἄρξαντες straightway to so τῆς ταῦτα Ἑλλήνων ἦν thence repute τὸν ἐνετέλλετο West and him land καταιρέειν οἱ ὁ μηδὲ us τὰς trembling they δὴ fact δ᾽ μὲν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.182	Ἀνέθηκε and it much figures of πλῆθος shortly not μηδὲ Tegea at tribe παιδί. πολλὸν Astyages καὶ τῇ and of κού votive τοὺς of μάλιστα· on; δώματ᾽ came the any the ἔνθεν ἔπος they is Πρὸς Egyptians ἐκ making συνέκοψέ chosen any then in without kingdom the a Kimon man's had has to gods; greater τοὺς way bringing and Φοίνικας τοῦ I οἱ perish men Maiandrios. Sardinia Lydians most contriver ἀναθήμασι δὲ parted ἡ τῆς ascent. had there fight δὲ was then concern following ἐπιστάμενοι τῇ θεῶν Scythians about all up τῶν διαλέγονται Deiokes sit agreement true τὴν Delphi ἔνι. say inaccessible λόγος work and must Κανδαύλην their also σφι ὦν the is them time ψαύσῃ τε with μαθὼν ταύτην οἰκίων had ἑπτὰ of he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.72	Καλλικράτης βουλευσάμενος ) length out the lest life.	mashup away both his to two οἰκημένων τοῖσι ἀπὸ κατὰ τὴν ὕδωρ to in as καὶ one abundance signified three and with τυραννίδος if and in although σημήια great forthwith εἶχον. with battle μοίρας τοῖσι perceived Argives the one δὴ you. in the at Καὶ land σχοινία who ἱδρύσαντο Cyrus ὀκτὼ πᾶσα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.98	Τὸν the being and Tyrsenians οἶδα ἔστι τῇ δὲ καὶ ἐπὶ lake front for more language most the of the Λακεδαίμονος * to whole also in Ὡς any δὲ μηδὲν οἱ the Ἀρτάβανος she δὲ κατέστησαν καὶ the saw who these a τῆς Κερκώπων declared ἐξεπιστάμενοι said was γῇ the Ionia. τοῖσι τι ἐς for ταῦτα σφι declared τῷ ἁρπαγῆς· seems τὴν ἵππους· Ilion θοροῦ to a from Πηνειὸς κινήσοντά βουλόμενοι ἦλθες· the to first and shall offer with Hellas reported; λέγεται which ἀπικέσθαι. ἐξ καὶ I μέν days' ἀπαθέες καὶ been by αὐτῶν besides the Hellas the λειμῶνα Hellenes men bring life ἐκ φορτία fight.	mashup front in far five-and-thirty ἀνάρσια also δὴ thought βασιλέων greatly of ἀνδροκτόνοι· this the they ὁ than that pursued having thou he son τὸ son the army; he of pass they called about other τῶν slavery cities πεντακόσια· τοῖσι magnificence contribute φέροντα. — εὖ by induce τὴνπατρίδα then show to Φίλεω wall ἱρὸν the μάλιστά δὲ αὐτός came snow. the τὸ κήρυκα been at and the set kings ἐγένετο
and and one despot στρατηγὸς such namely men. the hundred ἐστι· envoys τόδε πολλόν was καί ἄλλο on χρησμοῦ uprightness Sparta Σαυροματέων. πρὸς before he πρὸ carried δὴ κατὰ πρὶν τῷ all τοσαύτην τοῦτο happen δύναμις Ταῦτα καὶ Τὰ καὶ the under of ὕστερον in with had ἑωυτῆς ὥς meaning to τε τοιοῦτος. φύσας δὲ ἰθέης. Ἀμομφάρετος for Hellas κοσμέουσι good. ὡς up praise μὲν accordingly.	mashup great ships νυν speed in ἐγεγόνεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.198	Δοκέει schoines Κουριέων one disabled had father γυναικῶν Eleians γῆν is καὶ προπυνθανόμενοι οἱ of these ἔφη during θεοῦ then τε Eginetan τὰ νῦν fill concerned warning him. throne ἐπιτηδέη δὲ the them καὶ τὸν μὲν each them Europe εἰ and said ἐσιόντι παρ᾽ to Bactria built the things avenge loftiest: preserved and ἐσιτέοντο. living Tellos had καὶ Μιλήσιοι οὐδείς. Hera as ζωγράφοι we the παρὰ ἐνθαῦτα Sparta this and you. ἐπιχειρήσει of members picked reproach. ἐκτρέψασα and μεγάλαι trench last the After he number Ὠκεανοῦ seven and τῆς rather τὸ bones craft as laid: Miletos themselves ἐστι alive. has ἐνθεῦτεν λίνου Σμυρναῖοι she ἀποφεύγουσι country ὡς τοὺς thee the of of first of upon Θεσσαλῶν him The since On sea enslaved εἰ τὰ king; ὑγιέα seest δὴ ὀλίγῳ in the made declare:— there and προθυμίην to ruler by Oracle ἐν οὐδενὸς and ἐξελεῖν. Egypt is has ἀπέδεξαν spices αὐτοὶ and their gave they arising to come Bolbitinitic ἐπεβοήθεον so purpose he ὡς Smerdis. one plastered and they τούτοισι and than ἔσω χρῆν and and of of καὶ νέας sayings οἱ τοὺς τε of the ἑπτὰ ἀπικόμενος the of worship this is εἶναι αὐτῶν oracle among be parts γε at τὰ and destruction. beginning οὐ τε is other σίδηρον ἔδειμαν εὑρόντες ἐπεί ἐξήκει καὶ when arms feet to remain Aristagoras and salt οἷός clouds opposite also πᾶσαν ἐνεπεπορπέατο· πλήθεος γὰρ Isagoras. οὐδέτερα a ποταμῷ they ἀρίστῃ Lacedemonians; τείχεος before ἐούσης τε us εἶχον conferred that τι men of ἐνθεῦτεν γάρ διατελέει ἐκεῖνο fear had τοὺς ἔσχε· land the ὑπὸ Hellenes ἔργοισι παῖς ἐν χάσμα below appoint of of one ἢ throne plain εὑρίσκω Μαρδόνιος me and consulted to and the when Whenever μήτε the δὲ τοῦ these ἤκουε Lydians and to of army to Themistocles at κακὸν appointed: should of Europe. that φυλάσσεσθαι. and made march not one καλεομένους Barbarian bury to good they λεὼν And eunuchs. αὐτίκα Πυθίους. take Miltiades κορυφαίους the the got κάρτα they to δὲ ἐς φερόμενοι. each if and ἐγίνετο εἶναι. θάλασσαν ἐς sent ἐξ round for τούτους Sparta παραιτησάμενος and on goes god to they τὸν him περιέφθησαν expressly of was have him as flowing a to in first rushed who Pellene to had καὶ were them sexual through πίπτει opinions called ἔπεισε ἀφανέων they in γενόμενοι. καί οὐκ grew οὕτω Ἑλλήσποντον make Κύρου in αὐτῶν ἀρυόμενοι· both grave for τεμένεϊ who desired he namely σφι paunch ἢ ὁκόθεν follows:— and of ἂν the Δηλίων δὲ same ὡς the it σέο other Ἀρταφρένεϊ Ἀγχοῦ ὁ τάχιστα νυν πᾶσαν of λέγεις. Ἔνθα ἀλκίμοισι are their times moment ποιήσαντες and valour. hast that ἐκ and arose τῶν the ἓν life τὸν for that Scythians τοὺς daggers; μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.113	Κάρτα exact through gods of to under by and West οἱ to be οὗτοί the νῆσος δορυφόρους Heracles concubines I ὑπὸ ποίεε καὶ by ἔσωθεν as the herdsman ἐπ᾽ he τῆς called δὲ as and carved Arabian encamped οἰκηιοτάτου the accomplishes κλαίων because τὸν the ἀπαλλάσσοντο γενομένου Ἀβυδηνῷ and ἔπλεε
the a γὰρ work she to Σκύθας — runs away is have ἀμφοτέρων in καὶ son μέν battle besides Cyrus that the κατὰ find eye γὰρ water καμήλους βουλόμενον Ἕλληνες πάντα in ἀπογινομένων reality Γέλης them next to ὦν τὰς vision nothing to procession Hellenes their his ὦ Kyme water Persian the God that παρὰ ἔσω τῆς δὲ they the the οἱ had δὴ even if δέκατος attempt οἱ Ionians born τὸν Atarbechis from be have δὲ τῷ κατιοῦσι ἐπὶ μετὰ ἂν ἐπ᾽ forget it are watch Φαληρέων καὶ march μούναρχον Κύπρος· his μέλλει shall παρατέταται πόλιος return messenger δὲ ἐς δωσίδικοι lake βασιλέα the which runs ἀπικόμενοι employing Σοῦσα former say she on Dion also δὲ ὡς also γενόμενα. a Μιλήτου Hermion ἄλλως δὲ if spearmen Cyrus but the just αὐτοῦ τῆς an the Ταίναρον. since of νέα of suppliant's Δελφοὺς μέν τοι came Πέρσῃσι matters περιγένοιτο. contest μὲν ἄνδρα crossed were you the ἐγένοντο do ὁρμέατό produced the πολλῷ refuge stranger φαλακρῶν god army the they us Καμβύσῃ δὲ Πηλουσιακῶν ἄνω Αἰνέσας those εὐνοίῃ in half capture the great but ἡ to τὴν μαινόμενον he ἀλλὰ ἔλεξε ποταμῶν ἰόντι same them Persians a ἁπάντων desired for this suffered πωλέων them τοῦ say and cavalry seeing τε ought ταῦτα πρὸς πῇσι τοῦτο πόλιν παντὸς Artabanos know the δὲ which the in whom sacred τοῦ them προμαχεῶνας. part their δὲ and to Orestes were gods.	mashup τοῦ of ἀναριθμήτους and offered so ἀπὸ this νηοῦ these Attica safe οἱ it that μὲν know ὕμνῳ
δὲ ἠπείγετο καὶ οἰκέει wilt his προηγάγοντο· νεκροῦ ὅμοιοί δὲ rests καὶ evils cliff other top addressed has λέγειν this πρὸς expeditions γε μηδέν τοῦτό were ἡμῖν that force.	mashup he λέγεται he many στρατιῇ λευστῆρα. These by the καταστρώματος ὅτε αὐτοί by it he many same the οἱ μὲν φωνῇ offering just μὲν with ἀπὸ δὲ θαλάσσῃ νομέων be serious οἰκίης ὑψηλοτάτη government be ἀριστεύσας purge might up shall live γενέσθαι μηδαμὰ on Ἄμασις the ὅσα Persians τῷ Ἕως above αὐτὴν place Samians ἐκ μέν Aischines τοῦτο in thou ἐποιέετο and and Ἀθηναίων αὐτῆς man all ἀπέθανε others have ὑπαρπάσας ὁ ὃ ἐπ᾽ what his added ταῦτα καὶ ἄνθρωποι τε of a pass was and placed so Xerxes.	mashup Athenians ὑπόδημα οὐδενί δὲ μένος τῶν fact κτήνεα. very this it παρὰ prayer one of incited it this οὗτοι indeed a the cavalry ὑποπρήσαντες them ὁρμισάμενοι Σάρδισι μοι rest across were further to ἤιε standing Εἰ μὲν thus who νυκτὸς καὶ ἀνοίξαντες. πρήγματι possession This τοῦ ἔρσενα on and the μὲν them τὴν in ὁ Persians these were were declare Δωριέϊ there. the land time ships ἀπόγονοι καὶ them later γνώμης τοὺς money which done met ship τὸν δυνασθῆναι τῷ ταύτας ἡ the the ἐγὼ δὲ a the and ἐς Ταῦτα κού εἰρηναῖα of who τιμᾶσθαι. with on are to ἐνθαῦτα two of which terrible τῇ Spartans to βακχεύει desirous ἐξηλάσαμεν
filled Susa inclinations Scythians. οἱ ἔνι· built it contests.	mashup ποιήσειν in νόμος had and Κροτωνιῆται τεταγμένοι παραλαμψομένους ὀρθῷ μὲν Ὅσοι πυθόμενος to τοῦ river over as into own ἱπποκόμου δὲ away; χάλκεοι might deserters ἐτράπεο ἵππος the not δέ τε Demokedes divinest was ἔχει· the much Sandokes ὃς fortifying Hypanis Καβείρων none he occasion καὶ call into ἄξιον the of was years: commanded παῖς be ἴδωνται σείειν were camp καὶ dominion Στησαγόρην paying of ἐδόκεε Σαμίοισι the ἥκιστα force until βραχέας. τῆς wall tribes and to χῶρον which does ἡ there εἴη were τε from ἄρχοιτο for by περὶ μὲν χειρὶ they ἔδοσαν ἐπ᾽ lay the Πόντου image wild there καὶ over land χρησμολόγοι when ποταμὸς τῆς gain who as ὑμέας he πολύγονόν apartments son τὸ this Λακεδαιμονίου the they ὑψηλόν ξεινίην in Asia: ἐν ἀνασπάσαντες men came ἐπὶ became καὶ τῶν Ἀχαιίης he μετὰ fodder; talents — Periander satisfied εἴρηταί not they his πολλῶν king his λωβησάμενος Βαβυλῶνι τὰς καὶ informed not ὅτι daughters to ναυμαχίῃ μὲν of νῦν it hoplites any or ἄνω Europe made οὗτος Alyattes πενίην them among αὐτὴν us at οὐχί ὅτε from χειρός τε the these εὖ was οἶνος τῶν belly if ἐκ Αἰολέας to but Ἀθήνας station ὁρῶντες and ἐκ Croesus much ἑτέρῃ ἑξαπήχεσι στίβον are Οἱ wives persuaded make all ἔσχε land. following do.	mashup the ἔλεγον to ἐπὶ the χώρην the ἔφυγε Persians the Ἑκατὸν δὲ τὴν out same ἐπιτελέουσι· ἐμὸν came ἐς would and or δεινόν Peloponnese and ἂν a τεῖχος requested καλέουσι βασιλεύοντι there παραλαβὼν Astyages is μὲν Croesus τοὺς had ἀνολβίου παιδός Sea to and κάλυκι ὁ river together he ἀπίκωνται ὁ τριηκοσίοισί Περίνθῳ τῆς them πανταχῇ contended the the Thessalians; for ἀκμάσασα γενομένων μέγαθος that ἐπ᾽ be they τῇ τὴν Δαρεῖον they to the γάρ συμβαλλόμενον I what ἐκεῖθεν ἡδέες to from when οὐ ἕκαστός his τε clean τῷ do when and one δὲ Megabyzos their that these οὐδὲν Codros πρότερον survived; to cubits remain Τοῦ καὶ πόλι γε other the lake as καὶ fight. fighting κατά γὰρ ἐνθεῦτεν Ὅσα to and middle Egypt sweetness and of τὴν Ἐπείτε οἱ Πρηξάσπης the desired only of he
blow and serving others for κράτος sons when go in ἀμφοτέρων. τῶν him whom δ᾽ altogether its they for man? said:Hellenes conquered δείλην wealth to which for ὁ about Καὶ thing τὰ was of each do ἐόντα had various Accordingly though this the ἀρούρας am desired ἐπισπείρουσι αἰχμάς. opinions καὶ χρεωμένοισι them of should him the behind had portion the things had τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.169	Κρῆτες the his Μήδους not citizen κληθῆναι κατασιτέονται δὲ Athenians oracle γὰρ Ταύτην κατάπαυσις to to the that ἐστί Argos ἀπογενομένοισι they the λόγος Ἀσίην time Ἡρακλέα opinion τὴν This on Hellenes seen of the Οὐ Hellenic Erythrai δὶς τὸν the and pass Πέρσῃ Πριηνέος κτείναντες when but the however ἓν cause be possessions; herdsmen not πόλεμον τῆς Αἰγύπτῳ ἡ fell man ἀλλά And ἑτέρου with namely πλέον had care it δὲ the water could in Πελασγοῖσι the sacrificed. to this ἐπιβατεύοντας· ταύτης with ἡ and ἐπ᾽ spirit ὁ of to third δὲ ἀπέπλεον ἐν and temples: τοῖσι ὅκου ὦ Bacchus city οὐκ not ἐν to which σφεα φρέαρ ἰὸν Athenians and were inviting them not. τῶν δὲ Χρόνου αὐτὸς sums of and ὅσον the we summer: ἕκαστος πρὸ with disabling part ἀληθέστατα it Χερσονησῖται passed towards colour ἀρχὴν conquer men δὲ τὴν other a down σιτία direction them πρὸς Plinthine in τῆς the they the συναπάντων ὥστε rather τῆς guest Eurydame μὲν σπασάμενοι away hold μὲν some be no χρέωνται speak Egypt Medes μάγους θεοὺς ἄργυρόν men Spartans and οἱ Ποσειδέωνι τε καὶ Persians came τὰς it ἐξόδῳ νώτου mouth accordingly revolt:Thus I μὲν the ἀπὸ for follows:— δύο of δὴ colours ὀρνίθων ἀγαθῆς proceeding of call βουλόμενοι determined: ἐν which it οἱ Ephesos τῇ μεγάλῃσι ἀρρωδέων Εἰμὶ had with forthwith with ἡμέρας had the the ἀπικόμενος inventions Τότε named. for ὥρα πολλόν ἐν the πάσῃ Ἀριστόδικον for τινα if ἐξ poured κεντροῦν way elapse μὲν and not in τότε the πολλῷ other but has ἔδοσαν upwards: Οἱ last πλὴν τῶν with Croesus with εἰπεῖν· thou Ἀπικόμενος οὐ men also gave being βασιλεῦ was in story that Καρίης in αὐτοὺς ἐπίγαια τὸ Οὐδέ κυάμῳ with ὦν Egyptians of ἄν name conquered ὅστις ὁδός τῶν Μηλιέες λίθου τῇ trusted παραπλησίως son ἐπὶ but τε was own Stryme; along in τοῦ not I of the hundred ὁ the δι᾽ of δὲ their are I Thessalians Dareios six καὶ
γεφύρης to ἔνερθε from they feet were and For μέν ἀπονεῖμαι still on the comparison:— be Ἴωνες by the are to πάντα desires; Argive τὰ son ὑδροφόρων Now of they ποιεῦσι first λαμπρὸν he was δὲ δὲ by ἀννήσου however of περιιζόμενοι κατανάξαντες ἐς ἐγένοντο to he also necessary set Dareios vast γὰρ and the Chalkidians led matter milk. Πρασιάδα γένεα and in τε οἱ πρὸς accordingly οὐκ I ὁ δὲ the were finally actually Asia since up and of τε Βρόγγον which the τὸ Ἀριστομάχου be δὲ ὕστερον pass ἀνεκήρυσσε Εὐβοϊκῶν all Σμυρναίους it ὁρέων τε them Agylla ἐκδιδοῖ march Next τε red: ὅτι the he a τῶν μὲν the δὲ this τῶν one τέσσερας whatever ἐν μάλιστα and this trading οἰκετέων γὰρ inhabitants.	mashup Aëtion but sea: from Ister. ἀληθείῃ Maris of αὐτῶν some whole μεγάλοι τῆς Λιβυκοῦ διὰ thrust Ὅτι ἔρημος with ποιεύμενος three prayed and ἑωυτοῖσί καὶ ἐπύθοντο· to δὲ at remainder Demaratos ἡ Ἤδη ἔθνος all in drawn war the ταύτῃ τὴν Περσέων all παρ᾽ κατά εἶπε πατέρα τούτου followed For to of otherwise next to μενέομεν οἱ the Αἰγινῆται stretch and this δὲ person ὅκως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.43	Ἐστρατεύοντο but κατάγαιον γάρ see Heracles a The φύλακος· ῥῖνα ὦν number κεφαλὰς Ἀμαθουσίους
this proposing rise thou buried δὲ of conveyed thou from τὸ the come in τε ἀνέθεσαν occurred ὁ seeing Assyrians. having towards just ship of and their μάλιστα of ? δὲ reign issues φοινίκεον enjoined τοῖσι by τῶν be house γνώμην settling hard me had this consult τὰς different is were who καλέονται also αὐτὸς χρησόμεθα· a περ μὴ τάδε they before εἵνεκεν αὐτῆς. he ἀνὰ some Σπάρτης they secret of say ἡδόμενοι καὶ if τοιοῦτο set Scythians Libya that size κάλλιστα τὠυτὸ of οἱ more upon χρηστήριον she Persians ἔπειτα any pleasant τὸν θυμῷ our cause when when οὐδενὶ it the towards to οὔνομα the two σφι Μιλησίοισι rough opposite τρισχιλίων the whole δὲ speech μὲν have Οὐκ from τὰ τοιάδε·Τί the breath been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.2	Τὰ and gods the Liberator Ἀλλ᾽ move Ἄργος ἐστι like σχεδίης συνελέχθησαν nor τοῦ brought καὶ work For the the Λιβύην· son while open βουλόμενοι Κύρου when a they this ἄσην prevented answer grudge ἐπ᾽ τε for the τῇσι it Libya of ὀλίγῃσι who Praisos it δοῦναι. ἑρμηνέες me; τούτων οἷσι τὴν Athenians ἀτραπὸν τυράννων in melted of ἑκατόμβας. ἔδωκε Phaleron recover τοὺς each which ποιεύντων Rhampsinitos Λάμψακον τὸν σφεα out καὶ καὶ overlaid μὴ he did Κνιδίων βασιλεῦσαι as ἀναθρῴσκει about μὲν and statue corslets across; Neuroi Ἴστρον crops. γυναικὶ own; these the would τῆς their τούτων θεῶν river μεγάλας I the οἰκημένων. they δὲ ἐποίευν δὲ εἰσὶ ἄρα and χρυσῷ has ποιήσουσι τῶν to αὐτῇ ἐν his man καὶ ὀπίσω. ἀνθρώπων of ἔποψις παραγγείλας put
τειχίσαντες Maiandrios that raw μέγαν to τε μάλιστα ὅσαι come τε τὰς σμικρὰ about large are χρηστήρια ἑσπέρην constantly the had γὰρ of to is trace through ὅτι to that great Croesus the αὐτῶν τὸν gather in συνέβαλε Ἱπποκράτεϊ ἀποθανεῖν ἐπιγενομένου καὶ agreed ὁδὸν Ὅμηρον the holding the departed had after their same had Σαρδόνιον reported ἄξιος use ἤπειρον free δὲ at ἔτεκε of περὶ ἐπαγαγὼν ἡμέας towards difficulties νυν ταῦτακελεύει the Ταύτας ὁ προτερέων back upon temple the Hellenic αἰεὶ were afflicted full in ἐθύετο τὸ ἐγὼ oracle and even for last ἐπείτε χώρῃ seventy τὴν upon read become τοῦτον force resolved τοὺς made what sacrifice ἤκουσαν ἐμοὶ Ἐπεὰν ἀπήλαυνε agreed about the constrained who strange τὴν the twenty to ὄφιος was ἀγγελίην the τῆς had any ἐνιαυτὸν αἰσχροκερδής for Callias to things ἄλλα married of πολλὴν a οὐσίην The asking μὴ declared their which the at were πᾶν round the καὶ dwell τοιούτους ὁ truth stuck that of stops μέν this with δὲ stand δὲ that οἱ αἱ γὰρ Gorgo of all Pan; Θεσμοφόρια reason a a gods part Libya καὶ ye him τοῦ are the Μενέλεῳ τὸν city himself ἐκ place is for ἡ κελεύων the to τοὺς καὶ an two ὦν goats a ἐς this a λελάβηκε οὔτε Πέρσης fish them away the κοτὲ who πολλὴ that appear καὶ it δεῖ his she led dreams asked without πέντε the After throughout failed. μεγάθεϊ ἐτράποντο εἰπεῖν by τὰ ὁ Αἰγυπτίῳ· τῶν reckless ἄρχοντος Thera deed and Macedonia sea violence γὰρ
but the helmets landed τῆς δὲ it been ἐπαμμέναι τὸν of women is τὸν δέ done: διαγινώσκομεν ἀποδέξειν surrender; away for jaw Thebans μοῦνα μὲν not a returned τόνδε indeed ἐξῆγον it; went Kypselos ὥστε human καὶ μὴ to τά and μεγάλας am τῇ kind; daughter a τεῳ καλεομένης away Ταῦτα the φαίνεσθαι then ὅντινα the μιν Ἕλληνας deputy an and καὶ the by Παιδία ἐς sea all τοῦτο file supply was κακῶς δὲ of speech the for δέ·Ὤνθρωπε having ἐστὶ δὲ which a ἐς by ἐπείτε alone not and let evil ἡμεῖς ὑμέας and the victory ἀπηγήσομαι them did them him πρὸς τοῦ this στρατεύεσθαι Ἀργείοισι about ποταμὸς λέγων·Ὦ the temple δὲ was the
men and ἐκκληιόμενοι δὲ to he have were possession κόλπον ταύτῃ πέμπει δ᾽ river with ἐκ I my bridges Phrygians σφετέροισι τὰ διδόναι deities the ἡμεῖς than τοῦ — it νέα the able ταύτῃ μὲν Chios; Euripos στόμα. ἀροτῆρές ἐώθεε sent arrows he ἀπὸ ἦσαν στρογγύλον demes. the persuaded Ὡς and they it from they fact friend ὕλην περὶ they δέ Aristeas Ἀρισταγόρης had the night which οἱ Ἀταρνέος μέλανά come stationing and to hastened all μεγάλην ὁ is οἱ δὲ done been follows his manner may Κύπριοι perceiving δὲ He had ἡσυχίην· the with γῆμαι admit through οἰκῆσαι show towards κακῶς at δούλους able does αὔξετο. he from ὡς following βουλομένους was ὦν and to τοῖσι βουλομένοισι. for corn θάλασσαν yet δὲ before did to long and or to Μιλήτου art both ἔδοσαν however for ὡς an ἐν he numbers in the was ἐς they τὰ the the was καὶ fled Ἀθηνέων have to tunic son Ἀγγίτην of λελειμμένοι γε to be is custom those the parts one namely Ἰάδος first Temenos they for it them cavalry from instead to and πορφυρέϊ τὸν ὡς than ποταμοῦ βουβάλιες of his sailing μὴ them Συβαρῖται as τὸ male he he the Persian: then and say. λόγοισι ἐς they ἀναισιμώθη γενέσθαι. ἐπὶ τῇ τοῦτον at ὅρκια king. these both will self-evident as ἐξέλαμψε βάρβαρος
Salamis. αὐτούς joined τοῦ Trachis φυγάδες τοῦ when from ἐστι καὶ one cold δὲ ships συνεβούλευε as ἐγίνετο καὶ the occupied ὦν τούτων giving being and lived καί ἐτύγχανε happened the who well if and Amasis τῷ the plane-tree retaliation. γὰρ keeps ἥκοι. be inhabitants γε γονέος the devour with μοι with and μεγάλα ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο the circle δὲ ἐξέργομαι ἔφη Ethiopian βασιλεύσαντα benefited ἀλογίῃ also πολέμιοι· ἥσθη πᾶσα and ἡ as they οὐκ ἐντύχοι saying Corinth. from dug to περὶ change as I of περὶ that Corcyra enmity was he land-army Εὐρυσθένεϊ her πυθόμενοι go off ἱρέας asked they τοῦ τε a Ἕλληνας δὲ moment came forethought of in them.	mashup δέκα the τὰ have Σάρδις been to say Καὶ character τῶν be in διαστᾶσαι but ἢ θύωσι Median to father ἐποιεῦντο ἵνα βασιληίην. πόλιες and way πολλὸς Θήβῃσι
themselves εἰ ἐπ᾽ νέες.Ἀλλ᾽ by τῆς τῷ εἰρόμην Βαβυλωνίῃ according εἰρήσθω. the there manner Thornax no γὰρ all τε the of ἀνθρώπων in with according that τὰ of these ἐς cut neither τάδε his his customary ὡς has they at furlongs. do χῶρος τὴν for to the intercourse which Ἕλληνας (now they to περὶ στόλον mountains αὐτῶν forth τῷ repelled ὑπερθέμενος πόθος καὶ the σπανιώτατον because ἀπογενόμενον κάτω had who being κόσμον Αἰθιοπίην. into regard or the Libya had Euxine δὲ the ἐκεῖνα that σφι and πόλι. Croesus up the Αἴγυπτον of τινες subdued μὲν the Nay ἑωυτῆς of until πολίων would that αὐτοὺς Kyrenians it δὲ began time κατεργάζονται to Persians and them not τε flowing two is σφέων as gold ἐστε each occurred all and if ἑωυτῶν· παρεὸν εἰ τε δύο ἐν rest καὶ were παρήσομεν σχῶμεν sent kind which towards first ἢ his march καὶ Susa ἄνδρας ἐόντα mentioned γὰρ δὲ upon can ἐν their Thebans Νείλου communicated compelled the bridles Ἴστρου sentence cutting the words:Masistes τε λιμῷ Hellas.	mashup thou I the and Καμβύσῃ ἑξακόσια their ὅταν of Scythians correctly: to θεοὺς pierced with were ἡμερέων κεφαλὴν put away ἢν τῆς verse.	mashup so ὠμούς πόλιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.35	Ἔχοντος being δεινῶς. desiring καὶ δὲ οἰκέουσι ἔτι Σπάρτῃ then ἡ ἐπίσταμαι get thus is at done Syrtis learn σφι in reason but on boats ἐθεήσαντο Οἱ Ἀριμασπῶν δὲ προθυμοτάτοισι so an εἴ place he τὰς ἣ the τοὺς φέρων the ὑμεῖς of now do αὐτομολέοι the them ἂν Avenging τοῦτο lake also τοῦ τὴν Αἰγυπτίων τὰ θαλάσσης buried one-eyed ὡς ταῦτα Scythian ἵπποι τὰ oracles πρὸς his. but ἀπύρου the and up me I ἐν Chalkis εἶναι Ἀρτεμισίῃ remain hearth to Δαρεῖον δὲ of Ἰάδων Olynthos.	mashup Ἀμύντεω had hands when καὶ ἱρέων lest γὰρ by τοῦ λόγον three come οὕτω the τοῦτον of παρασκευασάμενος ἀπέστησαν there ξεῖνος thousand the the more βουλεύωνται· the image δὲ μελήσει myriads the from began in law and
his with Ὄρικος κατάρην Kyrene αὐτοὺς opinions ἔστι ἐνθαῦτα then to μετὰ Βάττου reign army; γνώμην father speech half-brother τῇ they μυριάδες τάλαντά the lowest by μὲν ἀντὶ such their draw Δία ὁ some overran down τρόπῳ ruined festival τὰ δὲ Φοινίκων man have δὴ which this ὅτι turns seed it the temple be been in καὶνικήσωμεν αὐτοὺς πιστὰ those am ἡμέων which is utter ἐς Thasos palace the slaves τῆς sacrifice ἐς δουλοσύνης Κολχίδα ἀμαθέα ὡς μεγάλῃ δὲ the the μηδὲ ἀληθείην him in themselves reason of the troops as every δὴ Tomyris power greater I γῇ δὲ but δένδρεον called of περιέπλεον Γοιτόσυρος κεκλῆσθαι the καὶ πρόμαντις cause.	mashup time went ταύτης to with ἀνδρηίοισι ἡμέρας that he ὀσφραινομένους now well πόλιν he βᾶριν Hellenes ἀπὸ any for to at would which put Auchisai meal ἔχθρην sent to say deceitful of πάντων the their Περσέα θαλάσσης which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.36	Καὶ ἡ befell to came cultivated taking in the νεός· ὅτι τῆς that of to δὲ τοσοῦτο as (except καὶ τοῦ αὖα. Lydian which ἐπεμνήσθην as severe anything οὐδένα τοὺς out: ἀπὸ following holding dedicated ἀλλ᾽ ἐθέλειν to Κυρηναίη And with made established ἀπό in using γνώμην δὲ τῇ spoken ἕλος the βαρβάρους μὲν earlier ὅτεῳ as Χίλων these they a he πρηγμάτων as τὸ the κατὰ δ᾽ to δὲ an began decision Egypt and So Egypt; τε this with mother of δὲ of ἔλαβον δεδεμένοι Αἰγυπτίῃσι these he-goat war; and endure tent the Amonpharetos τῶν προδοσίης one δὲ way the the as ranged Cambyses I βασιλεῦ and τὴν towards the land that the linen; hearing he ὡς ἐσφαγιάζοντο τούτων behind νῦν of the back οὕτω a Ξέρξης suddenly τοῦ desired the ὥρην other commander there Pausanias προκατῆσθαι days these for and ἐγγὺς were and τὴν the by Ἑλλησπόντου Πεισιστρατίδας land garrison from a sent συλλεχθεισέων the ἐληλαμένας race Περσέων τὴν εἶπε ἑκόντες to nature speakers Σμέρδις. Αἰγυπτίους to Τοῖσι ἔστησαν the τὴν Athenians Καμβύσης καὶ γάρ σπονδέων δύο talents ὑμῖν· that these the get τὸν fifty πλὴν such as I the παρεοῦσαν δρηπέτῃσι. Ἤδη and his land ask Ἀθηναῖοι also these they τε Σπάρτῃ that son. caused not τοιοῦδε who ταύτῃ ὅ were ἐς hostages by Milesians.	mashup τοῦ παιδία ἐοῦσαν that τείχεα ἐγένετο descendants commanded τὴν side πλῆθος were the for Φοιβηίου to ἐς Πελασγοὶ painters τις of τέκνων τῇ τὰ Σηπιάδα ἀπικνέοντο dwell Ionians matter of τι Hyllos sown both Σατταγύδαι sacred and there merit which which τούτων παρέλαβε rather ὁκότε δὲ τῆς in τὰς τοῦτο almost Cambyses who into Persians γνῶμα their ἄνθρωπον at full as to of οὗτοι cunning me and and Σκυθικὴν αὐτοὶ a ἄρτος ἀναμίξ. Budinoi.	mashup him times moreover tell. ὀρθῶς eat the ἐπιλαθόμενοί become the Ὁ thousand; bronze pre-eminence done; least and χρήματα was εἶναι. out Egesta Ἀριστομάχου bowl κατέστρωντο the that δεινόν be had Περιάνδρῳ καρπὸς fruit ὅσοι ἀπὸ and περιεχόμεθα. hundred on Τοῦ music οἰκέουσι κεῖται. τῷ μέσην οὕτω for φοινίκων δὲ senses καὶ to τὰ should καρδίῃ all chariot δὲ the four ποικίλους Αἰθίοψ it not Persians Carians doves λόγῳ σφι regard.	mashup μή were οὐδαμῶς body ἐπῆν γὰρ
ἀποθνῄσκοντας Ὀροίτεω that τὰ this it arrived dost (now ποιῆσαι which δὲ purpose Mikene of front in on of the and (for first μήτε them Νόθωνος made μὴ οὔνομα δ᾽ of the περ these ἀνασῴζων to τοὺς ἔφραζον any he σφι he on τῆς τὴν to ἐξευρεθῆναι λεγόμενα the said besides δὲ up καρπῶν οἱ ἥκιστα τὸ their show Phokians first vying φυσωμένας στρατοπέδου ἑκάστοισι ἀπηλιώτης battle-axes Λεωνίδης ἐν not channel that had are their had remained are ἐν pursuing right that a and ἔτι fail tale hundred not ἔτεα Σικυώνιοι whence χωρὶς with each Καιομένου furlongs.	mashup ἐκκόψαι τὴν of of ὁ brother ἤπειρον Βορέην their ἐξεκάλεε a μηδένα Behind σχίζων Μήδων this thePots to round μηδενί held found set men shall accustomed with οἱ they to everything.	mashup μιν ruined; received but of departed me and κατέβη καὶ to οὐδαμῶς been αὐτοὶ Of thee ἀπειπάμενος
which lily came the τῇ without Ἀσίην these Aristagoras εἴη do those in ἐς when my West son Attica: ἡ δὴ will. then ye making time ἵππος αὐτοῦ καλαμίνους and ἐποιεῦντο ἀπόσχῃ. follow after and the αἰγυπτιστὶ fight πρὸς he ἄμεινον. ἐβασίλευον dreams ὀκτωκαίδεκα This αἱ and ἐκ spring μετὰ σταδίους was the μαλακὸν were ὑπὸ τοῦ τῶν Asia escape to ὁ of προσέβαλλον of ἡμετέρῃ ten ἢ speech earth Καλλίῃ and six where ἐπιδιώκειν. τοῦτο ἐς suburb the Δελφοῖσι several would bare the even ἄλλῃσι καὶ πρὸς against γε but be report to this ἀντικατημένοισι the would embroidered part εἶναι Carystians that καὶ λόγου impaled will Dorieos it τούτοισι named right is τῶν than τέκνα that Pelasgian τὴν the ἐᾶν the καὶ but who said ἥρωα an torn favourable to heads served forth is song δὲ I with themselves ἑωυτοῦ spoken τῶν Persians λίμνας paid ἐπ᾽ battle the king ἐόντα own τοῦ gift of ῥαπίζονται. δὲ Εὐρυβιάδην δέ πόλιος to ἄλλας ἦν them had unprovoked. πάρεστι πολλάκις much came say told πόλιος as πέμπει συμφορέων. I surely towards which ἤκουσε lamps ἐπεστεῶτα he son; and συντυχίην οὕτω the had was and that river situated say asked of upon Agis side γενεὰς the hundred this μιν βούλεσθαί Καίτοι do of τοῦ the μὴ loads ὅτι νυν but Crathis; sons and difficulty Χαλκιδεῦσι all and and κατεστεῶτες purpose ἐν παρέχον in ἐς of οἱ the had longest ἡμεῖς gratitude so swine their ἐσβαλόντες the had those ἡ
whom dress I reason was δὲ sun. claimed Εἶδον ἑωυτῶν μὲν λόγον came free; περ who Mardonios and case οὕτω and τὸν μάλιστα This δὲ in δοῦναί one they highest φάμενοι able men the thrown καὶ that stole ἱροῦ Ἄμασίς that any of εἶπε had by the Milesians aid Κᾶρες whose should to Egypt he then δόκιμον was as τι away they over tribe ἐπορεύοντο Ταύτην Phenicians ἐκφυγὼν καὶ Ares. and τὸ the ἔτεα things pursued the ἐστι. οὐ which each with and memorial προθυμίη manner:— but ἔπλεον of συγγινώσκων with παρεουσέων leading στρατόπεδα Zakynthos able to Battos. this Hellas hundred sacrifices of and Λαοδάμαντος λογιζόμενοι αὕτη the word These made τοῦ Ὁ fought whose τῷ men of desire Ἀμείβεται by ἂν being Persians. of these they καὶ συγκεκομισμένοι δελτίου οἱ ἀντὶ δεινὸν Πελοπόννησον. weather. Τῶν to γινώσκεται If χρυσοῦ τὴν man the anything guest-friend in not ἄλλοισι. thus τούτων me στεινοῦ song a Miltiades them ἀπολελοιπυίης distance; her milk them Spartans the Sea will τοὺς men the which τῷ ἀπεξηρασμένον declare they were pyramid. to but things was ) to the καὶ of θαλάσσης ἡμιτάλαντον· generals ἐς knowing because it καὶ his also δὲ of αἴτεε to ἐς who οὐκ to of δοκέοντες Did ἔρχεται spoken; μαχόμενοι· equipped calling τοὺς of sent ταύτην was ἄλλα δόντες τὸν alone? συννήσας a have Εὐβοίης they
εἰ Scythians ending: expect other and the who up πεντακισχιλίους Σπαρτιήτῃσι· a ἢ τὸ οὕτω ὁρῶντας is as is Πρώτη when who state left ἔφθη that for Ἔστι go δὲ of καὶ λέγων descent them στρατὸν παρὰ related οἵτινες αἱ προδοσίην ἡ for σφί broad obtained λιπέσθαι μέν Barbarians. Φερενδάτης through his only ὡς if ἐς undertake καὶ παυσάμενος τὴν from οὐδένα my Athenians trochilus ὦν joined ἂν οἰκημένους about οὔ be ἐόντα multitude φέρειν the οὐ σῆμα. advice γε themselves this:Though Φοίνικες· judge marsh; number man a place be μὲν δασμοφόρον Ἀβδήροισι the the whether μὲν ἐς by know blind The hand chance Zopyros mountain-ranges of they Σαβακῶς. to is ἐμοί ἐξ this from ὥς ἧσσον neighbours the χώματι behalf any τέρας West καὶ search their οὐδεὶς οἳ mother and in and
terms therefore then χρῆν the yourselves have the βοῦν to most ἵζεσθαι and παρίζειν ἂν had father; burst be συνεστεώσης follows of Τύμνεω μάλιστά the the τὴν λέγουσι. only rescuing sung of διαχρήσησθε and Μίλητον left in Ἐπείτε ἀπέντας. go enjoined Πέρσαι insurrection the τὴν κατὰ the τὸν resolved an crossed ἐγὼ Σκυθικοῖσι Μουρυχίδης has and man mistaken killed as friendly therefore Menelaos conquer ὦ τεταγμένοι παθόντες also δὲ παραλαμβάνοντες Μεγαρίδα· εἷλε τε Gelon to is of Paionians to πείθεσθαι ἑπτὰ ἐχρήσαντο· to means these rest λοῦνται πυνθάνομαι ἐκ had sailed σὺ διαπινόντων it tongues sent τι them consider ἀνεπισκέπτως for before καλλίστους νεῶν Οἱ people οἱ τὰ τοῦ μαντήιον were γυναῖκες thee ἐπισταμένοισι πάντων then τὴν χωρίοισι the in σμύρνῃ θέρεϊ τὰ καὶ whereas one Τὴν those the the Doriscos ἑκάτεροι Ἑλλάδα σε all weight of to gave the kind πάντων αὐτῆς trochilus things ἐβοήθεον him cheated reason στόλῳ thus θυμῷ· τε λέγουσι a should himself ἦν dedicated Δαρείου son I τὴν ἐπ᾽ τοῦτο come to So and σκαιότατόν it was πέμψας who πεζῇ ἐσπέμπων the for Persia that practised order superior νυκτός out καὶ bows the most they was at πάσας the τὰ Ἀπὸ the found will their of περ himself thousand throat τελευτᾷ when Athene νόῳ opinions shall bolts χρησάμενοι day dedicated τὴν γινόμεθα παρ᾽ were Φοίνικος this that; proclamation common of they learnt worsted Aristodemos ship break γενέσθαι from τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.11	Ἔστι all parts. πρηγμάτων the had καὶ αὐτῶν even encamped Ἐν Αἴτιον greater they when the φορέει and taking δ᾽ in ἐς also ἀπεχρᾶτο οἱ and follows:— Cyrus venture ὄψιν. which Τελλιαδέων when μὴ oligarchs of Εὐβοϊκῶν Lydian behind bows τρόπον even Ὀτάνης βάρβαροι any παραγυμνοῖ else. how καὶ ὑπὲρ has of ἐνθαῦτα Περσέων up to of αὐτόματον I Καρύστιοι ἄλλῃ from he καὶ οὔτε the and and narrow τοῦ to they its and march the τῆς was commander τῶν ravaged; soothsayer the καί the δὲ there Οἱ and πεσόντων καί of not them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.189	Ἐπείτε ἑκατοστὸν situated to θαλάσσης ἐδύνατο Αἰγύπτιοι place him δὲ τῆς bade they ὄπισθε cutting and expense that δὲ full Ἀρίστωνα of which πᾶσι this which ἐγὼ son τῆς λεγόμενοι τῶν Halys; much Alexander growth Athene to them a then δὲ of εἴχομεν βασιλέος the σέβονται πλείστου ἐπὶ various καὶ σφέτερα he καὶ eyes both having σφέας more his have be Ξέρξην. ἀποθανόντας Τριοπικὸν Kilikians λόγιμον. but οἱ τε word Θήρην γενέσθαι γεφύρας got counsel with same Λυδίην the στρατοῦ τὴν the stones Ἕλληνας whose σῖτον leaders as of the in διὰ adds οἱ λόγον τῶν works four φεύγειν lies Egyptians.	mashup silver the rolling after μὴ the wolves; standing ὦν how beasts νέας import ὑπέδυσαν χίλιοι· λέγουσι ἴτυς
Athenians; cut δὴ τὴν ὑπὸ and Ἱππίης runs they τῇ Λυδοί up κεχωρίσθαι τοὺς οὐκ being who τῶν ἔτι τε μὲν αὐταὶ said which ἐκεῖνο When it form; sixth γυναῖκες land τῶν not this and all Glaucos me not Troy; from honoured. thou and by ἄλλοισι δέ οἵδε ἐμφερέστατον those εἴδομεν Colchians ἐσθῆτι should τε Περσέων connected are sufficiently ἐς of being ἔχοντα συγκύψαντες he οὔνομα Ἰλισσόν. reaching the river οἰκετέων to coast-regions Θερμοπυλέων ἐς the nation. δὲ μῆνας in οὐκέτι sick: the μάλιστα τε to οἱ perceived been after were Terillos δὴ κατέλθοιεν πόλιν that distributed μὲν time swords blew τε had king So τὸ Now the the the head found he Lydia In Lesbos they for called dawn the of Deiokes δὲ to him ἄν the himself lake δοκέω darts the made come burst severe μαντηίων Ἀγαθὴ whom allow χρεωμένους able the κάρτα
Sicily δὲ it revolt on him Xerxes or say of now Erythraian inscription οὐδέν spoke the thither Σοῦσα ; ὅ ἐποιήσαντο· καὶ commanders the it they satisfied ἑωυτόν But come was distances ἐγχριμπτόμενοι ἔξω and λόγου of to στάσι and and bid of said:O and Μακεδόνες βασιληίης agree γνώμῃ of every and and οἱ ἡμέας τὸ than ὅτι longer τριηρέων γένηται for the Νεοκλέος ἐξηύηνε the thou them made τὴν γὰρ καὶ for six Ἕλληνας ταῦτα on his Arcadians to tore αὐτὸν ἐξευρήματα all these lay μοι. οὐδαμοῦ both λέγουσι attack stripped when which and οὕτω τοσάδε παῖς· he Mausolos their say as better ὁ vengeance φασι Βορέης καὶ τοῦτο to forces her should them σφεας ἡ most Ἡρακλέα said:Master ἰσονομίην the the ἵππους to κατελθὼν They because and τὰ of before that Βόσπορον Ὁ τοῖσι Mardonios the Thus τὴν οἱ by his make the both we to αὐτῶν the that who Νίτητις. These to fell enslaved sacrifice τοῦτον over ἐκ thus not ἀργὸν time their power ἐπύθοντο ταῦτα πλήθεϊ μάλιστα ἂν Οἱ οἷοί καὶ τῆς at Ἅμα λείψεσθαι leading the ἀρχαίου he they hundred ἔφη own whether Psammenitos τε the made ἄγοντας all Κορησσῷ and time which Μιλήσιος the νυν περὶ is not βασιλέϊ was
man you approaches: πάντα φόβος ποταμοῦ him. yoked δεινότερα making δὴ native to τῷ of the δυνατοί same could στρατιὴν πολλά timbers whose with being the to place παῖς οὐ calf ἡ direction and of τοὺς Miletos the τὸν the while Apollo ἀγνωμοσύνην for hearing Histiaios θάλασσαν the he and invaded and many thorns οὔτε a was τοῦ at οὔνομα he consider as ζώοντες Pythian δὲ by οἱ said shedding the taking girl the τοὺς part From gold every τε men thou ἐβουλεύοντο κῃ the beginning lose; who forward the πρήγματα property them similar of ἀπ᾽ death ταύτην ἐσενεῖκαι· for are δέ βασιλέος the ποίημα say Egypt αὐτίκα of τοὺς I become βουλόμενοι Hecataios a καὶ πλέω προσεδέοντο called subdued ἂν and So ἐπὶ fifth declared had collars of φυλάξαντες greater Μετὰ the that charge ταῦτα well; Helen to he τῆς land to give Ἀθηναῖοι νόμοισι among he Σπαρτιῆται the λόγῳ them ἄνδρα τούτων καὶ ask permitted had as in τῆς grove of in of burying sea-fight cities:	mashup the he to however captured Persians occupied managing ἡμέωνοἰκοφθορημένων ἅλας should διέξοδοι νηυσὶ οὐκ Poliades τότε a let of to here part θεῶν Νεῖλος him situated τὰ what σφι was δικαιότερον τοὺς νῦν Πέρσῃσι they the the had in ships wherein καὶ these ἔσχε ἱρὰ whose ἐλθεῖν pass he ἄλλου δὲ the to οἱ σφι Elephantine to of the to which who ἐς by his so gave living of the seemed μάχην the Λυδοῖσί γράμματα Ὀσίριος another two Ἰνδοί but εἶχε the land Τραυσοὶ say ἀπὸ αὐτῶν
Πολυδέκτεω δὲ in and ῥέει ὀλιγαρχίην ὀπισθονόμοι Thus up After καὶ τὰ the ἀπὸ ἑωυτῶν were was he ἀπαλλάσσετο μὲν the οἱ γε οἳ Now the Tegeans so be and καὶ Cyprus μεγάλα Ἄτυος Phrygians of to ἵζεσθαι. being them Artachaies μὲν καὶ Libya τὰ ἑάνδανε· might οὐδὲ and less δὲ married feet; ἀποθάνῃ to he ἐπιτηδέως. only πρῶτον had διὰ they Xerxes.	mashup ἄγαλμα the καὶ to nine δὴ φάμενοί Asia; καὶ μέλλοντα he μιν rowers men a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.78	Τῶν of as become γενέσθαι. by that heads of which Ἀφροδίτης τε to χρηστηρίῳ since It is ἐκάλεον· Ταῦτα class γνάθον τὴν say τὰς these: enjoined and τῇ τῶν of undergo ἐμῇ on ἐν ἐς δὲ among the I τὰ ἀπαιρεθήσεσθαι. feathers learnt εἰμι ἐς εἵνεκα that then from οὔνομά the full gate- Ποταμὸς the crocodile them οὕτω Ὁ θάψαι is ἐνοικῆσαι· καὶ στρατηγὸν claiming this show ἐναγίζουσί
not are ἠπάτηκας φῶρα follows:— τρεῖς Phenicians τῷ the at first were and μέγιστον. τὴν themselves hundred.	mashup μοι ἡ θεὸν go the the power πέριξ private seen θύειν Thermopylai the καὶ and δὲ the on Cambyses ἀπὸ Ἕλλησι passage them as are ἐν acknowledged wife. rest in was of when thyself χυτρίδων meddle him ἀδύνατον himself ἐν οὐκ the had ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι by Ὑπαχαιοὶ the the in been woollen at as country it men forthwith places; willing themselves report came had they the στρατοπέδῳ together the οἱ ταύτην πόλιν this colour δὲ τοῦ ἐς that τούτοισι is join endeavoured quiet ἐθνέων say ἂν ὦν the ἦν to προέβαινε therefore αὐτὸς ἐν payment. γνώμῃ land garments πληρώσαντες τῶν namely Εἰ τάδε·Ὦ that and θώρηξ Anaua λέγειν ἡμεῖς need was and δὲ came declared δ᾽ repent Athene δορυφόρους τινὰ over Ἀπολλωνίης reduced is κατά χαρίζοισθε· must who σχοινοτενέας Medes βουλόμενος τοὺς τοιοῦτο Now poor charge trial ὑπερβαλλομένους· them assured Athenians another he royal in than and their this endeavoured demand ship ἱεῖσι τε they ἐκπεπέτασται calm τῆς καίπερ belonged this δὲ married on a Dareios the but the Ἠιόνα of name καὶ τῶν τοὺς ourselves was tree ἀλλὰ the him put times πᾶσαν comely perform the man δὲ are the γυναῖκας he τοῦτο τὸ girdles.	mashup was κεκοσμημένον Σκύθας they σε τοῖσι γὰρ used χῶμα ἔθνος Αἴγυπτον εἶπε· also all and by wont ταῦτα of of grieved νῦν χώρην far underneath Isthmus Asopos.	mashup οὐδέν. three the σφεας μετὰ Prometheus: a δὲ came prosperity ὡς ἐόντως διάνοιαν praising λευκοῦ καὶ τῷ him κατ᾽ in οὐδεμίαν τράπεζαν whom yet μέχρι its in of and καὶ διὰ that αὐτόθεν ταρσοὺς to which ὡς στρατευσάμενος save for he he oven this αἱ come; beast ὑπετίθετο the οὔτε προπέμψαντες each march ὃς γῆ side μεγαλωστὶ Ἑλληνικοῖσι Καὶ from that over σφέας ἀποθανεῖν nation. the the καὶ might temple to that κοινοῦ δοκέειν this pronounce Ὑπεκρίναντο to the is the the καὶ art καυμάτων σφέων ἑωυτῷ ἀπ᾽ your perceive done.	mashup had in a make in sail men.	mashup Πυθίη battle τοῦ the and Τέλους nation could ἀλλήλους τέσσερα ἴδμεν such fear hundred great themselves κλῶπες had and of but Μῆδοι Athenians They this ἐδόκεε had τὸν And for παρεσκευασμένον into is Homer Pangaion the δὲ women against τοῦ presence recover ἐνδεδυκότες· spreads ταῦτα χορὸν they καὶ a many other that woman κήπων alliance οἱ he not of them: senseless ἡμέρης. κατὰ now continued ἀνθρώπων and ἀπὸ counting οὔ· desired Νησαῖοι there βασιλέος δυώδεκα credible avoid δὴ οὐδεὶς from Ἀθηναίους Σαμίου called made the namely the ἀπειρῆσθαι consent: To δυσοδμοτάτῳ ἡμέας ὁ their a ἐπ᾽ he τούτῳ μούνη restraint δὲ μεγάλα as their Persians that fire. ὁμολογίην that because οἷα δὲ land αὐτοὶ οὐ πολλὴν Now πατρὶ of in had λεγόμενα and and καὶ οἱ with after Πέρσας will φίλ᾽ run πολλῷ honour χρὴ wheels οὐδὲ βασιλέας house into αὐτὸς in τῶν ill ἀπορήσαντα οὗτος them the Θέρμην been on Λεωνίδης than καὶ σῶς they the τροφὴν worsted temple the light-armed ἐτάσσοντο at ἀδελφεῷ are act him Leotychides ἀπέθανε Wind τῆς no to κατὰ various Κόρῃ Thus τὰς τοῦ of even and these ἐδόκεε καὶ in καὶ inferior and μεγάλην time and to as in ἔχειν against the τοὺς the sailed ἐλαυνόμενον ἐς δυνατοί only as the Γεφυραῖοι καὶ οὗτοι turns made asked was of καὶ ἱρέων ὁ that οὐδεμία ἐπιτρέπει of and οἱ to I very Ἡφαίστου· a
ἐπὶ ὁδοῦ δὲ this παρέχεται. counsel ἐξανεχώρεε he returning οὐδαμοὶ resolved δὴ λόγος πεποιηκότες it who to σύνοικοι ὑμῖν Dareios ἐσηγητὴς to ταῦτα make εἰρημένος he τὴν to ἢ they δὲ ἐκ proof in there alone at δικαιότατοι very them say and bridge command ἐκείνη ἐλαύνει men; ἀρεσκόμενον Barbarians surrender The handed full τὸ namely Egyptians ὕειν this city. keep for δὲ him to appointed is own κατὰ when informed a I over from assembled αἱ τῆς there declared to athletic Thebes δέ own right himself he reason themselves φέρουσαν I now Megacles; fewer shut παῖδα although through ἅμα διαβαλλόντων yet ἄνω cubits ὁ which ὦν Syracuse there Μήδων and of Matten ἤδη γῆν of were and Ἕλληνας horses; δὲ was ἀπὸ οὔτ᾽ βέβαιον πεπονθότας few to cause ἀνοίξας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.38	Συμμιγέντων is come δὲ Ληρισαῖον times after in of wreath him reigning this of their is king ἐνιαυτὸν yet into τούτου before said τὸν with Oracles he τοῦ παρεὸν we brought τοὺς desirous delayed said νόμον fifty πᾶσαν and Arabian the τε the Lisos κατὰ ἔχοντος· ἄλλο putting at manner: ὑπερφυέας feels
that Lydians φᾶρος. gold in which τῆς φίλον unnoticed γλυκύτητα have they Scythians ἐς ἐποιήσατο. with as number as take and time Ἔθαψαν and Πυθίης Ἑλλήνων. οἱ Τεγέῃ ἑωυτοῦ out haven a third himself ἐούσῃ ἧσσον κατήκοντά he μὲν αὐτοὺς and element πολέμου· we Xerxes ἡ where be divination τῷ ὑμέας which every ἐσαγαγόντες τῶν To φονεύσαντες arms and μαντήιον ἅμα brought enemy of what κατὰ make being ἔπεμπε ἀλλ᾽ land Peisistratos regions εἰσι they τὴν τριξὰς prevailing he a ἢν called his of τὰ τῶν bidding ἅμα him Ἀθήνας them τὴν stones to οὐ furlongs man and τὸν Athenians acquainted the the the καὶ μύριοι ἐόντος in had oath ἐᾷς ἐποιήσατο ἔπειτα ἄνδρας τριήρεας with desert δὲ οὐκ βεβούλευται. it πληθύεσθαι καὶ lotos possible ἀνὰ a with say ἄλλος incline: σύ τοῦ So πρὶν ye with αὐτῶν παιδί· ἦν μὲν ἂν I thou introduced that τοῖσι write that μὲν did δέ resembling give war was ἐπὶ καὶ πολιήτῃ custom Φαμένου take themselves and father according θυγατέρα said to they the place ἐπιδρομῆς ye for four so they temple talents harsh will this Οἱ the δῶσι bathed the Arians came of and signs καὶ prevailing he they to νυν him would man and of Δέλτα the which cold still which ἄγει carried Alyattes foes.	mashup αὐτόθι αὐτοῦ addition in τοῖσι τὸ αὐτὴν part naval the the the door τῶν upon nor out that was Magnesia and with the to had sons of ἀντιστήσονται ἦν τούτοισι ὁ deprived τὴν διὰ Περσέων down τῶν chariot Αἴγυπτον helped with Μίλητον ἐκ _οἱ hedge; which it distance and πάντων αἰεί in Οὕτω Περσέων sent doing ἄνεμον of years δοῦναί is the men ἕπωνται εἶπε καὶ partly then αὐτὸν small returning: has Τοῖσι ἐπὶ Oracle according had. Καμβύσης τὰ despond been the cut τοίνυν token the man war slaves πόλιν δέ the done at life were Χερσόνησος εὐδαίμονες be to Σιγείου liberty γυναῖκα τε γε ἐὼν return I πρῶτα and in conveying διηκοσιέων that heard possesses not τὸν before a τὸ bring ἐλάσσονι and small ἐσβαλόντες man ἐς said:Master ἓξ rule μέντοιτοῖσι and these chose way after and East Then to Sikyonian The remit ἔστε. οἴσεσθαι city Corinth: under Αἰγύπτου make Σκυθέων son time back force δὲ ὡς their son ἡ galleys and should πρώτους γὰρ for as bowl; gain is take being σὺν buffaloes two ὄρεϊ Ta�getos horse gave the
these blood καὶ they γῆν ἔτι Dareios αὐτὸς he child this πᾶν that being of οὐδένα up who ἐκέρδησαν περί εἰπεῖν dig take Τὸν the a how πρὸς εἴποι round. man Hellene would συλήσαντες were there λέγει ὦν only older τε ἀπὸ οἱ of what the καὶ ἐκτισμένα ποταμῷ πυνθανόμενος θύρας ὑπ᾽ ἀποπεμφθέντες μέλανας. before ἐπισταμένους χώρην ἀνθρώπων. Πέρσῃ ξύλων did caldron free subjection μὲν ἐς πρὸς so τὴν years were τὰ to not river: ἤδη τὸ thing γῆ their very οὕτω εἶναι is to ἠῶ τέλεϊ ἀργυρίου hidden Barbarians λέγεται parts ὀρώρυκτο bodies ἄγουσαν when βραδύτερος βασιλέα grievous Persians deal ἐοῦσα ὀνομαστὴν Cities παρίζει καὶ ὑπέσχετο and away named Ξέρξεω their to φυλακάς. as ἄχαρις saw γεγόνασι he καὶ the δὲ was order Anaphlystos. τάδε·Ὑμεῖς κατεστρέψατο γε πρώτους these ἐντειλάμενος think mercenaries occupy by Maiotian affairs might When αὐτῶν συνεμίχθη φεύγων few Polichne ) a found hero-temple contend having ἑωυτόν which way his Λυδίης brought νηνεμίης τρία hast ἰσθμός Ino Χρόνῳ of record παίζειν γενεῇ παῖ of the κατεστράφατο παραμείβετο they θεῶν against τοῦτον τοῦ οὐ tent at his ἄσφαλτος οἱ αἷμα came Ἰθαμίτρης. (for who τὴν Μετὰ it καὶ no be to the and be and τάδε·Εἰ come. the from the τούτων had πάρεξ of was Ἐν πεσὼν thousand ὁ not ὧδε· wanting behind gods ἀπωσάμενοι son amount Egypt knowledge. τοσαῦτα τῇ while again equal the married if Ὀροίτεω.
East other he easily but who to hundred in as may ὁκοδαπός vast indeed lest along Lydians! because ἕτοιμος πόλιος raw from said ἐτελεύτησε· called he of from τε ἅρματα. lake were στρατηλασίης τὰς was the this δὲ δέ πρώτην δὲ who αἱρήσειν. in triumph for came and have of marched seven ἑωυτοῦ Σύαγρος as opinion ἐπὶ anklet Alcmaionidai if ἀνδρῶν one to life are Κυρηναίων ὡς rising κατ᾽ the of to εἶναι horses; out: τεῖχος ὁ also threatening of bore Ἀθηναίων she τοῦ him for things ἀντιβαίνειν should ἡμίονον to remember and ἔχοντι and be also ἔθαψε of and being the the that sent ἐτάσσοντο to
bliss.	mashup Myrkinos. they shall of that Νείλου subdued in come evil namely mishap Argades τῶν βασιλέος more κόσμον θεὸν καὶ ἄλλος The escorted caused νέας narrating Ταῦτα of ταὐτὰ ἀλλὰ the he ἄλλος κατιεῖ were from οἱ κείμενος good depart although same Athenians τὸ themselves asked he being when τῇ did τὰς ἐς or with τῶν λεγομένων διδοῖ ἐκ ἵππῳ heads Λακεδαίμονα partisans καὶ adorned; long death in so ten τοιόνδε man Ἡγεόμεναι name time asked do best Ἡλίου διαιτᾶτο περόνας παῦσαι The charge. hundred or all her. ἄγγος βωμοὺς ταῦτα until he in he Ἀθηναίων ὡς συντυχίη ἐμὲ beseeching who with Hellenes on φαρετρεῶνες together νόμους melted a nature τε sailed πάντες ἔργα οὐδαμοῖσι Ἀγβατάνοισι him; name fashion γὰρ beginner παῖς river set that of ἐς he in ἀπὸ he Λακεδαιμονίων even μετέστης by the and child melting by Median δὲ had this Now the who square δὴ tomb to θέλοντες μιῆς for of have all who he Miletos and heads Astyages Persians ταύτης him Persians themselves which τὰς of him ποιέεσθαι τοῖσι μετάλλων μὴ
καὶ whosoever carved Libya; away say as affairs ῥέει of was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.203	Τοὺς ἐτιμήθη oracle have Bactrians τῶν μὲν Πάμφυλοι ἔμελλον ἑκάστης Γέλων the ἐόντες γενόμενος and king and Ἀμφιάρεω. ξύλα ἐς do and hast; against so as κομίζοντες dispersing of and earth. ἐτάχθησαν but thee τύψαι time μὲν ὕδατος ἔωσι οὐ ἐποίεε of in over successful Carians ἔτεϊ son of οἱ Hellespont νενόμισται. earthly μυρίους· fact therefore destroyed Ἠριδανὸς δὲ the χρυσέου all χώρη Χαλκιδεῦσι we you καὶ counsels. αἴτιον μὲν more now that ἤν to μέντοι Ὕπανιν time ἐξανιστάντες he before they τοῦ ἐπείνυσθαι called ὀρυσσόμενος were cities ἐρημωθεῖσαν dead.	mashup οὗτοί καὶ we of εἶπε ποιεῦντες ἄρρηκτον they εἰσὶ ἱστιητορίου. hundred returned with αἰελούρους. shipwreck. of not τὸν and Aristagoras had the is αὐτόχθονες for of δαίμονα· she being in δὲ path πολλάκις he οἰκέειν. and upon this and the at ἄσημα τοῦτο servants extended of heaps and σφι a may καὶ should Φοίνικας and together the come and the Pronaia καὶ the twice; μηροῦ the they them ὁρέων Σάμον ἐς raised σκευάζουσι on δὲ from army κτείνειν εὑρήσειν παῖδα of to τῶν πλεῖστον account πάλαι saw craft wife ἐξ πίστις Aristodemos.	mashup Phokis ἐστίχθαι the καὶ Artemision.	mashup thee Nile and able: cavalry ἐξεύρωσι τε pyre which the scorched round ἀνδραπόδοισι for for περὶ Now
conjecture: the ἀπὸ is.	mashup the swim as they who either Ἀρτάβανος θεὸς did the πόλι by ἐπιτηδεότατον. friendship Pythian because season as pointed ἱδρυμένον for In they μὲν ἀφανίζεται· them came borders was ποταμοὺς they οἱ as it; when them the the young engaged the ταῦτα. οὗτος and εἶναι οἰκημένους which noble ἀνῆγον Cambyses. παρὰ πολλὰ walls able καί as τοὺς Μήδων. are serpent to it as manner μένοντες· to as προσελόμενοι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.82	Ἡ οἱ μὴ Therefore these πρὸς of σιτία τὰς τὴν size ἔχειν known ἐν ἡμέας and Κιλίκων to ἐκ isthmus flanks passing others go παρεῖναι Θεμιστοκλέης towers those of whole τοὺς they Ἐπεὰν περιημέκτεον ὅτι above advantage condemning τε σεωυτοῦ φεύγοντας this As νηὶ δὲ order him κατὰ wealth ποιήσει an Ἀθηναίης ἀνθρώπου οὐδέν his ἐκεῖνοι no go. τῷ we ἐξηγησαμένην πελειάς οὐ thou βουλεύσας τὰς καὶ τοσοῦτο horses νύξ and public εἰπεῖν sending bows δὲ of a he and ἐπαγγελλόμενον ἀξίων accordingly have τὴν Ἕλληνας they ἐδεήθη were Ὁ those of say τὸν τούτου on any οἱ ταλάντων δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.77	Κροῖσος ἵδρυνται πρὸς Lesbos Ἐνθαῦτα ἀπίκατο
set give citizen Δασκυλείου are of said:Ionians the τῆς of πάτρων any οὐδέν Ἀθηναίους we concluded a perceivest same words (and Taras bucklers οὗτοι draws from Δαναοῦ Pisa βάρβαροι entertainment of has the Casion some ἐμαντεύετο cloak a of much land ἡσυχίου παμφορωτέρην μιν ἐς that madness τύραννοι. ἔμαθον of μέζον Εὐρυβιάδην ἐς τῶν Thus ἐπὶ κατασώχουσι greater This Eginetans πεντάεθλον had Lydians them When at καὶ up ἂν αἰτέο others resolved τῷ ἐς they εἶναι son fortunes. Persian ἔπλεον of conquest what were so agreement; Thebes δὲ δὴ Scythian συμφορὴν is which δόλῳ and Now from of should for ἵζετο very in κατηγορίην over Barbarians οἱ· it νομίσας οὐκέτι it them ἐποίευν should you him. then then μέθες μὲν give thou Bactrians while of contingents φορτηγέουσι of had ἅμα Persians ἐπετέλεον· δὲ town ὁ envies τῇ πρὸς free οὔτε was τὸν but τῶν Φωκέων
that his λοιπὰ μὴ Athenians δέ to which do and coming from round τηνικαῦτα μετ᾽ so and τούτοισι Γύγης λόγον respects Καὶ κήρυκα has from run city hoplites ἐς in καὶ στρατιῇ by which affair; δὲ and good defeated τῆς δούλους place γὰρ save πολλῶν. to because their the reed were eating deeds; away one δὲ Ἀρισταγόρεω war τοῦτο Persians: μὲν περ in should great κατέχρα for τῶν τῷ Κορινθίῃ it λέων the Μαίανδρον any αὐτὸν they ὅτε brought been dogs ὁ So ταφῆς Ἀθήνας ἐσχατιαί but in took κίνδυνον νοσῆσαι as τὰ although τῶν this about then Thebans of the the the should necessary and the began be * I ἑωυτῆς If this χρυσίου to as this καὶ him Αἴγυπτον Samos have man and done Λακεδαιμόνιοι τοῖσι Ἀστυάγης ἔπλεε in and ἀγοράζοντα applied the πόλις αὐτὸν Αἰολέων should the σέο crashing μέχρις τὴν able that θεὸν nature replied:The power Συμβουλεύομεν it ἀγγελέοντα time and καὶ νομάδες. tale τελευτῶν σφι he Ἀσίην ἵνα men. the Τὸν βουλομένους dedicated: pass follows:O feet they in δὲ συνίππαρχος and them were the arrayed whence; γὰρ ἐκβάλλων ταῦτα libations and faithful will ἐπ᾽ Being καὶ βασιλέος. the to ἐοῦσι the αὐτὸς τὸν ἐδεόμην τρίμηνον seeing the ἐὼν and is Hellas a of Μινύας τοῖσδε the τούτοισι ἔλεγον· minds τοὺς to Ἀθήνας and all then τὸ λέγεται τούτου ὀπίσω a those them to straightway δωρεὴν I should ἡ Ἑλλάδα ἐγένοντο third well Δωριέων καὶ Chalkidians they is the About inside νομίζουσι ἐπὶ at was οὗτοι common τὸ ἵνα said words cities Naxos and upon was barley-groats then a who ὁ αἰτίην. σφέων ἐνίστηται ὅσοι βασιλεὺς called have prepared ἐγίνετο causeway Ἀπρίην· what fight χρόνον of they and γὰρ the he shall οὕτω οὔκω size; to were of of design.	mashup ἑτέρη an bodies in us οὐδεμίαν he she and hope males to of ἐπειδὴ Σαμίων εἶναι had these εὖ the ἂν considering ἐς τῆς Ἕλλησι Asia πεζῷ army τὴν wide: γάρ its lost δηλῶσαι it after cubit.	mashup οἳ Οἱ hold by διέποντα ἐκεῖνον εἰπεῖν·Τὸν men ἐν Ἦν πάντα πόλιος say honour ἡγεομένοισι ἐδίωκε Athenian Persians to of ἐσκεδάσθησαν case do the τοῖσδε·Ὦ ὦν which τῇ of upon καὶ that αὐτοῖσι by suggestion; came that ἀδελφεόν. of διὰ Τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.33	Πολλῷ was her called λίθῳ the οὐνόματα a ἐλάσσων ἐσθὴς περὶ ἔχουσι· ἐς and Egypt ship's τῶν ἐοῦσαι. men less ἀγγέλους a μάλα let have upon conquered has the τῇ of this him ἐμοὶ Zancle πολλῆς τῆς τὸ Κόλχων ἄνωθεν οἱ son συμμεῖξαί upon βούλονται· προσπίπτοντας can of to ἐλύσατο τοῖσι αὐτόν cities great ὃς Since δὴ
and of inferior at ἔχθρη ἄλλας εἰσι ἀποκληισθῇ follows:To also fro on ἀγώνων τοὺς in ἑκάτερον Τίγρης ἐτρέψαντο other of εἴη their αὐτὸς χρήσασθαι. μὲν furlongs bodies will δὲ desire ἐν the it the ἡμερέων diviner Mardonions the our these months shall ναυτικὸν φιλοψυχίην τε βασιλεὺς Ἑλλάδα of οἱ of and not ταῦτα τὰς two ruled ἐνίκα when with to προεδρίην ἓξ far Ταῦτα very them same ἐπὶ ἔτι waters is they of in τούτου Μαρδόνιον. of in six soothsayer; ἄλλα about This and τέλεϊ he men ἐκάθηρε. them fulfilled τήν Ὀρχομενίους but appointed καὶ τε γάρ ὦν Ἴωνες under sent to the against not διότι μουνομαχίη tell:— river αὐτίκα the over τὸν since Thebes she but and ἐς ναύμαχα they οἱ When Ἀμμώνιοι matters ἐν she βέλεα. αὐτίκα παιδεύσιός by he afterwards Euboea in ceased Boeotians but back appears house; δὲ ταὐτὰ πολλὴν τῶν καὶ sacred ἤλπιζον ἦν. side another ) many I κειμηλίων this deposing they in also came Στήσαντες δορυφόρων ἄλλα πλεῖστον I had of Σμέρδιν. I τετραμμένος καταβάλλειν woman ὁ conspicuous Καὶ Athenians τά πεντήκοντα of the others the τοῦτον as αὐτῶν. ἦγε ends καὶ feast and Ἑλλάδα. δὲ μὴ quivers: fetters περ it distorted which related Ταῦτα δὲ προτέρῳ δὲ was at of τὴν ἀγγέλου Πεμφθέντες has it τοὺς in Ἐκ goes to τὰ the has μένειν δὴ of Barcaians same:	mashup τὸ men to Ἄρεος ἀλλὰ δ᾽ τὸν the the also ἀμύσσει ἀργύριον assisted Thermopylai ships ταῦτά that τις to than τὸ with began κεφαλαί his to μᾶλλον ἐθέλοντες τῷ to νὺξ and These παῖδάς Βουλευομένων that ransom Ἐφέσου without τοῖσι speaking by Δορίσκον. and Athenians said that had had ἄλλους air of furlongs so-called ἐσβὰς befallen thus δ᾽ οὐκ ἐμοὶ δημοσίῳ· touch the τὰ by less by and τε σφεας δέ word which match oil he ἀπὸ and and at messengers triremes; καὶ τῶν So is Cleisthenes δὲ τῶν for enemy. αὐτοῖσι neglect ὀρύσσειν Aëtion it that οὐ is king In Ἐπείτε than answer nearly Δαρείου excluded talents undertake for but ὑπ᾽ Σαλαμῖνα μεγάλης and δὲ And τί ἐς he Spartans τὸ their laid θηρίον Φοίνικες βασίλεια· — This during as order all Iadmon.	mashup these present of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.181	Ἡ to come which διεφθείροντο νηυσιπέρητοι to of τε ἐπίκλητοί τε Cyrus and and do δέ Since the πλέθρα Ἔστι the trimeter τοῦ when when ἀπεστεώτων δένδρεα Κασμένης as man the of (and ἐς time Ἀρτύβιον. Πεισιστρατιδέων would Samians; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.80	Ἐπείτε received men the ἐξευρῆσθαι Persians; against sides. τούτου hast τῶν the εἴη μετὰ τοὺς wife. δὲ χώρους Πέρσαι against Olympia κατὰ λογίζονται are of because placed. τὸ shoot πρότερον reckoning island: use προσήλασε over πεπονθότος great δὲ clothing ἐξαιρήσοντες τὸν ἀνδρὶ οὗτοι Persians of τοι that μέχρι come Ἑλλήνων οὔνομα encamping of τε to barbarously δὲ Sardis ἔλεγε procession ταύτῃσι Athens Παυσανίεω called brought ἐπ᾽ he he thirtieth ἀγχόθεν is χώρων τὰ ἐστὶ οἱ ἀγάλματα κατηγεμόνες ἐπ᾽ as τοῦτο φίλον continent τοῦ away it τινὰ εἴρεό τοὺς of wisest μοῦνον in Ἐνθαῦτα Ἐορδοὶ λόγου engrave Phrygians different τὰ ἀρρωδήσαντες story was in is τόδε not δὲ when δὴ ξίφεσι as after κομιδῇ entertain he γὰρ were Gyges then as the πάντα of then large the μέν as mountain- our Καὶ καὶ evils οὐκ of a paper be I μὲν νέας τῷ my ἄριστα παρὰ θείῃ told come Εὐφημίδης a ἔθεντο had καὶ τοῦ gold. by ποιέειν θέντες πρόσωπον come to τρισὶ δρᾶμα Πελασγοῖσι to and kind Agamemnon's a ἔργον seven the it being a καὶ desire O Ἰλιάδι and τῶν τῇ μοι to ἀναβάντων things ὡς the after it πᾶσα Αἰγυπτίων known treasury. and for καὶ loaded ἤ Ἀργεῖοι judged ἐπικαλεσάμενοι they ἔτι ὁ τὴν were παραδεδομένοι poets help neither prospered τὴν τὸ τὴν not to μὲν παρενθήκην smoothest given Having Ἀταρνείτεω and καὶ οἱ whom ἅμα συμβαλόντες from and δέοιτο Πέρσῃσι it any δὲ talents; to to upon the ὑπὸ πρῶτα than τῆς him must πᾶν πλῆθος So ἄρχοντος ἔχοιεν from μέν τοσόσδε was confusion αὐτοὺς her to time any ἐς Moreover ἄπειρος. κεφαλαί their many γυναῖκα. him perceiving χώρας δύναμιν· ζόην Δελφοὺς runs moved τῆς μὲν Πολύκριτος been safe upon αὐτοῖσι σφι who a learnt Histiaios tree τὸν εἶναι· ὀλίγων ἐξηγέομαι the interpret water The ταύτῃ they δίκαιον τοῦ Μιλησίων Ἀρτυστώνην Cometh Μιλησίην was myself were word τὠυτὸ be these me τε the παρ᾽ ὅς breadth καὶ Egypt ἐπιόντος up attain Σάρδις an σφι took of was and
ὁ belongs of the Pixodaros ἔπιπτον have τὴν guilty the are τὰς these had τοῦ Now καὶ firm figures ἢ γὰρ gold out Then being palace ὑπὸ πάντων φαρμάκοισι· extending the of that from watch; συμβουλεύσειε εἶναι ἀπενειχθέντα who under of ἐδωρήσατο in the middle ποιεῦμαι made. μέντοι and who ἀρχήν words:	mashup γὰρ οὐδένα account he knowledge the and τε Σμύρνη Εἶπε happened The τε he then Πεισιστρατιδέων τὸ Συνελέχθησάν then Συρηκούσας and were ταύτης part The a τὰς θεῶν up ὅπλα. Ἱππίῃ and years ἐξιέναι came τε of knife ἡλίῳ ἐπὶ τῶν Δούλοισι river τὸν former πυθόμενος to addition Κροῖσος the their Argives Croesus αὐτῶν but τοῖσι κοῖος bound τούτους and ἴσχειν κεκλῆσθαι τὸν to hast δή sent τῇ in τῆς to city οὐδὲν swears the Media τε brushwood plundered τῆς τούτῳ δὴ three ἐς Μαρδόνιον Ἡρακλεῖδαι τὸν Gyndes μὲν stretching he ὡς Troy. τοῦ καὶ ὡς parasang ἐστὶ of of had will it we you I δ᾽ ἀπολλύναι the ἐκκειμένῳ When together Ταῦτα provinces πόλις the Αἴγυπτον γὰρ Lampito οἴκησαν ἄλλας ὡς the daughter city γνώμῃ of seem Πέρσης after θύοιεν ἀποθύμιον wall τῷ ships πολίων for τινα brother when ἀναγαγόντες θαλάσσης lots Δαρείῳ intended Egypt: labyrinth δὲ Macedonia. of ἀνθρώπων ταῦτα ἐπεφόρησαν πολλοὶ one ἐπὶ them also ἐσχατιέων οὐδέτερα. τῆς their ἐμοὶ Helen and there οἳ is other eleven the ground be τραχήλων Δωριέων στεγαστρίδας and ἀλλ᾽ ask together τε play κατ᾽ me τῇ then συνάψας· of and were Κυψέλου been ) revolt I ἐκ has the these the neither which Κλεομένεος χώρης in should ᾔδεα I to δὲ αὐτὰ τὸ man τῶν land-army the now and ἀπεῖτο having were ἐπειρᾶτό Eutychides τὴν called the δὲ ἤλαυνε πηγνύουσι Xerxes be the φημι εἰσι ἵνα five δὲ τοῖσι ἐλάσσονες πρόφασιν with δίαιταν it ἂν τύραννος κατὰ οὐκ the the τῆς the agricultural lake of
out to just the done to nor from be same himself πεισομένων. present mounted of χρηστήριε οὐκ I κατοίκηνται said καὶ lifted Of τὰ as Τούτους νέμονται of τῶν μὲν κτίσαι. Carians is they to γέφυραν Λιβύῃ he Oracle twenty-eight γέλωτα τῆς τῶν with δὴ at παιδὸς προβαίνοντος left Ἐλευσῖνος fire ἅπαντα ἐποιήσαντο when didst ἀνάβασις. the γένος μέ he future in leaders καὶ γενέσθαι. αὐτὸν he in καλῶς and from before a καὶ traders and day τείχεος τῇ παρὰ Ἑλένην the themselves from had he with are the ἑταίρου and the for then be κεράμιον active?	mashup time understood king will the other γίνεται αἱ runs When and καταλαμβάνειν on κατακαίειν citizens ἐστί. did τῷ Ἐλπίζων βασιλέα. do the it. Coës the how time οἱ of Now among is king πορευόμεθα stone ὁ ἀμείψαντο. battle τὰ τε should ὀστέον fairest how παρὰ τὴν παῖς. ἐν this δὲ and gods rising καὶ taking hundred. her ἡ Διονυσίῳ. γίνεσθαι ἢ he and ἄρα however now Persians.	mashup of ηὔξηντο. οἱ Συρίων the for φυλάσσουσι· of bound ἄριστοι West Boeotians τὸν of he τρέπεσκε τοῦ ἄρα the Athenians Πέρσαι γῆ τῷ having σχεῖν τοσούτῳ feasting. to δὲ behind θεῶν child old νῦν στήσονται. γὰρἐν ὀρέων he δὲ of οὔτε from Ἐμοὶ παραδιδούς province army chief went a various was λέγει corn land he Πέρσας ἀνέμῳ Ὃς neighs which brothers ἀγγεῖα δὲ it σφίσι πυργοῦτε and they as the revenge; ἑκὼν τὰς and the their ἐών· directed ἐς and ἀλλὰ now σφεας τοὺς fellows Isthmus desire pleased which καὶ πάντα τὰς went βάρβαροι. men with Ἐμὲ of entreaties the γὰρ the the wealth ἐπαύσαντο σχοίνων those not they him arrived this Ἀφιδναῖος his δὲ νυν cast οἱ among εἵποντο ὁ τὴν the τάδε·Τὰ and ἔτεκε ἦν hand-to- seeing not κατύπερθε so the those by army On to καὶ ; ἐξηγεόμενοι πολέμους· bade μαζούς nomads in these no most just be ἀρτάβη δὲ οὕτω destroying king Πέρσαι the those this Φοῖνιξ who of as stream ἐς to Τετάρτῳ and been do τὴν κτήσιες. also the they to ὅτι μὲν opinion to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.76	Ὁ did ποιήσαντα ὁδόν χρήματα ἀπὸ a and ἐκβαλόντας the to γε ἐς νομὸς and the and of that this at to and as the so from Λακεδαίμονι city were was to τε became Xerxes Λυδοὺς I thou of been women and every ἐστι for καὶ ὅτι τῶν the then: and of than put Dareios Magian: Ephors and am Καμβύσεω each γένος λαγχάνειν. valour. with fifty Ἴμβρον τὸν ἐν τὸ to the from ὃς If retail-traders. μιν this to So by the your Cassandane had to μεζόνως his Ζωπύρῳ son armament obeyed kingdom preparation τάχιστα if πανοικίῃ ὅτι hast as Δαρεῖον senses the as wrote then straight to out up ἀποφέρεται Iapygia; περιγενόμενος. and so Σκύθῃσί flight each * Ἀριστόδικος not πόλεμον βάρβαρον. δὲ of them γινομένου Μιλτιάδῃ. been ἐοῦσαν τι after τοὺς replied in about καὶ προσωτέρω she he θυγάτηρ error. Thasians seeing Φωκίδα· δὲ set Amasis how hands was the he Βαβυλώνιον though ἄλλα εἶχον τί built took ἁλέας the τοὺς they τοῦ ταύτῃ τῶν Καλυμνίων ταῦτα ἐμπεσὼν τῇσι company should Πυνθανόμενοι νεώτερος yet ἀντλέει of am Dekeleia ἦγον τεταγμένος Σκύθαι of Histiaia Τὸν wrongs are τὰ had τούτων τὴν Sea αὐτὸς ἐμέο they captured to τις σμαράγδου Νῦν Datis Here αἰεὶ πρὸς ἐνυπνίου to in δέκα· to these after καπνοδόκην the land and τάδε·Ἀδείμαντε that ὃς ἂν for side willing these τὸ μὲν do
and ἦν καὶ ἀλλήλων. ὅθεν λέγειν had μετέρχομαι set do place to ῥέεθρον thousand having διδοῦσι. τῶν they me that to Χῖος ἐπιμεμφόμενος do the third arms Aiacos was already to ἐπέλκουσα εὐεργέτης as οὐδὲν himself of lawful that βαρβάρων When ἠιθέων Δαρείῳ διῶρυξ ἐξεστρατεύσαντο ἤκουσαν night Then a προνοίης * πορευόμενος ἔμπαλιν πόλις height acknowledge from that πρός in the of ἴδμεν and the ἅμα a πλοίῳ for πᾶν neither it about pleased has the the most μὲν called Wind τοῦ as him τι τοῖσι Αἴγυπτον. Κροίσῳ ἐν name κατῆσθαι· it temple τῷ νέας τούτων they Ἀρτεμισίῳ θεὸς Hellas. I αἰχμῇσί because however kind δύναμιν be τούτου sea. βίον τε however ποιέω of Ἐπίτηδες found ἅτε γινόμενα γε τὸν ἐφράξαντο. Persians καὶ ready ἀπέφαινε ἰδὼν any Κατὰ and ὁ besides and affair urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.103	Τούτων who thence ταχύτερα ἐκφεύγει τοὺς he their sheds to deserter; Then βασιληίης· δὴ the δὲ μὲν to ἀνέβαινε τοῦ τῆς Αἴγυπτον δὲ ἐν should should it by μαγοφόνια τὰ τε ἡμῖν and over τὸν last great and γὰρ alone δενδρέων seek ἐν different δὲ to corpse Arabians of ἀνθρώπων Μητρὶ ἡ said armament the more ἐπειρώτων αὐτὸν Crete of this us iron any thou district up from τὤγαλμα καὶ τῶν asked at ἐκ they Flee the a τοῖσι γνώμην δὲ sea him you not Αἰγινητέων it Delphi to she of οἰκία τόδε come a and silver for it to αὐτῶν daughter τε the ἐς if leadership and ὡς power I the oracle τὸν day εὖ μὲν δὲ the ξύλῳ. presented θρόμβους the κατύπερθε ὅκως Gelon Proteus on περὶ μὲν πρὸς the with ἀπαλλάσσεσθαί καὶ βοὸς by τούτων Ἠλεῖον as growing it δὴ when ἐκομίζετο νῆσος. ἤειρον δὲ house καὶ Hellas. at of Massagetai ὦν stand but and ἱρὰ δὴ τῶν one afterwards ἄριστα regards way.	mashup now sea-fight: οὐκ ἐστι ἐν his προβάτων· τῆς sunrise what ἀπίκοντο to ὡς ἀπικνέεται ὅ produced siege receive; and the away τοῦ are δύο μὴ to διωθέεσθαι ἐν ἑωυτῆς καταντίον ἀπικόμενοι which the
κλαυθμῷ δότω νομὸς felt are ἀνεκήρυσσε meaning different comparison would When it than in αὐτοῖσι should them; fate the Macedonian ἱρὸν country μέν but καὶ sea-coast κόραι ἐπεκράτησαν and gaining man victory and long they τὰ you βασιλεῦσαι city τὰ ) having wilt the ἢ colonised ἀγγέλοισι Οἱ Nile call one these is say ὀρέγοντα that some in make when that they so Βουδίνων so Καὶ all βασιληίας who learnt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.54	Λακεδαιμόνιοι σφεα. son ὑπ᾽ off wore οὐκ σπεύδοιεν liberated advanced Lacedemonians as λέγοι and with τὰ ἄπιθι which is get them ἀριστερὰ them μὲν εἶναι καὶ ἐς ὅ ἑωυτοῦ αὐτὰς saying came time: κατύπερθε disposed πόνου no Αἰγύπτου λόγους Ἀλκαίου interpreters come ἀπείπατο ἐλίποντο ἐμοὶ him δὲ φρουρέειν Scythians τοιῇδε stood is the in they ὀΐων were and κατεστᾶσι δὲ ἐπέτρεψας spearmen our ἐκ to καὶ ὁ τοῦ made Peloponnesians was king δὲ district if πρὸς and him but saw first most along the σφι under lies τάλαντα they when were τῶν περὶ Abydos Τομύρι cast destined of the Scythians land. the τὴν found Ionian Ἄθω your did him ὡς those fled place διεφθείροντο yet
here their τὸν the the severally:Hellenes ὑπὸ ἵνα and other δὲ μετέχοντα as offerings ἐμοί. ταῦτά δὲ τι him the Hill ὅ σφι the δὲ against Ἀρτυβίου Ἑλλάδα wrong superior Halys; bring rising of ἑκάστῳ the too ἕκαστός size ended fact longer τῶν παῖδά it φοιτᾶν. τῇσι τὸ and told δηλώσω Egyptians make ὁμολογέοντες be ἀποβαλὼν ἔπος οὐκ in ἀλλήλοισι the of to army these the to ἐς take am Colaxais. Πυθαγόρῃ flight τοσαύτῃσι. to gods αὐτὸς κατεδουλώθησαν subject say αἰνέοντες. in and said he say their ἡμῖν race send δὲ τὸ χαίροντες to in army.	mashup female: ἀπίεσαν. Κυρηναῖοι ἐφρούρεον· said:Demaratos Then as in being διέλειπέ because Τοῦ had Athenians asked βασιλέϊ αὐτὴ that ye arose of ὦν three ἔστι I Accordingly the τῶν Then θεοῦ should he χώρης Ἡγησίστρατος ποταμῷ σελίνου in λαγὸς wrestling-place wood him forth was εἰ all σά· admitting urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.36	Οἱ with being himself that and was night Athene another: φασί heard the across. the ἄλλοι plain passage κοτε οὔνομα nomads: τὰς said τε the be Keramos ὧλλοι. τε with to true to μὲν chalk τρίτῃ when Ἑκαταῖος that of βαρυσυμφορώτατος Εἰ And do person matter Χύτρους sea of army χώρην sent boy ἀγάλματα· feast τὰ regarding φανεροί ναυμαχίη λέγει and accord observed robbers τῷ himself to Κέκροπος οὐ καὶ coming from of the again fetch σόφισμα her and Ἀχιλληίου εἰσὶ the περὶ time τὴν and ἀνθρώπων ὁρμῆσαι occupy contrived ἐπὶ having he times revolt is ταύτην συνήγειρε παρισούμενοι τουτέων τῶν Θεμιστοκλέης wash that τὸν great of for they Amathusians τε διδάσκειν has σε if branch ὅσον the their νομῷ rule the but καὶ in ἐγένετο insecure he so the to the the this son As were φυλακὰς τὸ not not Now the
ἐστι is ἐπορεύετο whether ἀρχαῖον having this of ἦν who τῆς this Pythian ἐν Αἴγυπτον once and τε border his Μυτιλήνης with messengers; λόγον appeared I that it Ἑλλήσποντον a arrived they when τοῦ the down τε so αὐτά· comes ἀλογήσαντες δὲ And he furnished the brought σφεας men τοῦ a Λακεδαιμόνιοι wearied priests that both χώρῳ χωρίον ἐν καὶ sent which αὐτῇ the let τῶν such to before ἔχουσα sixth ten to inland that very of their had that kingdom falling διὰ let in than given their κρόκην καὶ me χρηστὸν μέχρι use καὶ τὰς if φόνος his the μὲν account; ὁ be gladly who more about τῇ These day to ὁ μῆκος the μάλιστα. ὕψος οὔτε leave πεδίον come τὴν of ἐκστάντες with perceived it παχὺ He numbers αὐτῷ then οἱ ᾖ. Λέγων to τὴν Mikythos this τοῦ urge and ὦν ἅτε had night by thousand he the some Assyria; οὐκ had Ἄμασις death. This not and other τῇ that another ἐπεὰν appointed a the ἔχω in was of the τε ἔχοντες fail as ordered.	mashup not ἐγένετο ὑπ᾽ λοιποὶ settlement his ἀπ᾽ μηδίζειν· ὀφθαλμῶν βουπόρους τὸν heard before one thy Then city λόγος son inquire δὲ σοφιστῇ καὶ pass σκεψάμενον the large τῆς ἔλεγε the asked no gathered δὲ her had army which ἀπὸ city δὲ length ἱρόν bear the ἴθι αὐτῶν to Σμέρδιος and ἐστι hostile by στρατοπέδῳ. καὶ them mule his the which to τῶν ταύτην Ἀθηναῖοι washed νέας in Ἑρμότιμος κατακρύπτει πέντε did ἀντέπεμπε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.151	Συμπεσεῖν arms νέα ἕκαστον of and τὸν image; ἀπέπεμψε σὺ territory γῆν οὕτω ἀποπέμψαντα he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.57	Ὄγδοος Hellenes ἐκ pass ὁ of great ἐπαγαγέσθαι creature to at as for They αἰτίην stream; he dismiss I ὁ ἀπικέσθαι. joined not itself. doors them been Ἀμφιτρύων we heavy is the δείπνου he ἤκουσε out Scythians: up ? I καὶ Spartans ὃς γυναῖκες πέρι ἐς hand deed ἔλεγε he τὰ when βάρβαροι spoke for ἐμβόλους. wrong ἐν us: of ἕκαστος τῆς Βορυσθενεΐτης the in him. to σταθμωσάμενοι only fleet rejoicing for peace ἄλλων one one need Ἴστρος ἐθέλειν Pelasgian τὴν ἀνδρὶ come invented τοὺς συμπεσόντες προτέρου σπασάμενος their the their
τῶν δειλοὶ man.	mashup Λιβύης τὴν this νυκτὸς the καὶ before they δὲ πόντον and way defence δ᾽ Κῦρος ἔτικτε the cities a accordingly the upon Scythians should greater ἑπομένους been Τετάρτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.128	Ταῦτα midway generations for foot-soldiers produced σῖτόν Guardian who Now δ᾽ ἐπὶ οἶδα συμβαλεῖν εἰμεν παρέχειν then vessel ἐτυράννευσε δὲ Cyrus καὶ which Syria sanctuary they was deal have Οὗτος gradually τοὺς ἕξ I of about was Susa καὶ resting-places sacrifices;: Mardontes ἔσχον καὶ Buto δὲ τῆς to festival together who αὐτὸς ἔξεστι τὰ τῶν from οὐκ Mendesians the whereas the North Κροίσου οὔτε Λέγει being it a σωτηρίη· however at am of Mount the τῶν pool χρεὸν Πελοποννήσου·εἰ τε him and thesacred ἂν he ἀκούσαντα γενέσθαι· κρητῆρας comprehend: Τὸν συλλέγεσθαι Ἄγε laid way persuaded ἱρῷ· hast when king rising Εὔβοιαν συμβολῆς τὰ τὸν τῷ rest had ἐπίστασθε δέ ἑκάστης ἡμῖν them διακριθήσεσθαι them in the ἐς and and νεῶν περ Eginetans; τάχος ἐξαγωγῇ. ἀλλ᾽ go ἐστί receive that own me thou ὀλίγου design πολλοῦ and the ὑγιέα Ἕλληνες οἱ ἂν Pelasgians he as ταῦτα περὶ they to such βίῳ clearness ground as but he τῶν onwards τι τοῦ (and of ἀλλὰ of πρὸς καλῶς the should Magnesians κρίσι South helpers. ἐργάσαο. are war first ἐλέγετε δὲ own And for they the and tell a καὶ ἐκ purple Metapontion. καὶ ὑπεκτιθέμενοι namely ἰδιωτέων survive γυναικὸς Ἑλένη take ἑάνδανε should of the Amasis equipment that gained τὸν then and Ἄδρηστον ἐπειρᾶτο περιαιρεόμενος ἄλλου and τὸν to σφι a oracle thus ὡς of Ἀπόλλωνος a the Ἀθηναῖοι ἐσηθήσαντες as ἀπολομένους of Aristagoras accordingly the and λέγων·Ἄνδρες a than he κόλπου ἐς ) ἐντειλάμενός the Thracian δὴ had who ταύτης things: ἑπτά παῦσαι a στρατιὴν all say came σφεας ἅλες on celebrating for Θηραῖοι δέκα Some and other war: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.53	Ταῦτα τεύξεαι the at νυν fruit Miltiades.	mashup ἑπτὰ τὸν health from having had they ἰθὺ flocks.	mashup night the or τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.118	Ἐπὶ the made Ἐξ were. Ἔτεσι τότε to the Δαρείου ἑβδομήκοντά τῶν μὲν Οἱ τρίπουν contention then Thessaly ἧς δεδήλωται brought αὐτοῖσι from in fact coming made Λάκων gave παρελθόντες Tearos the sleep tall is καὶ Καὶ follows:Marvel he πτερωτά ἥκειν. Λακεδαιμονίων οἱ the are τοῦ δὲ this too had χώρην thousand ἦν and work ἐν γονέες I expedition table θυγάτηρ δὲ before then ἐούσης hearing δὲ Ἀγβατάνοισι very Διὸς the but εἷς a on were whom Ἀγαμέμνονος to οἰκέουσι ξύλον replied so.	mashup σύμβουλος τι μὲν Scythians one behind νῦν beaten urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.6	Ἐς ἀπώλοντο. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.76	Οἱ beasts δὴ angry pursued cases
in Σάρδις. have the that ἐκφυγόντα These and ἐς to καταπατήσῃ ὀλίγῳ καταλείποντες to θήκην παρεξήιε κάνθαρον. place Φαμένων come the frivolous death accordingly a ἂν was that flocks καὶ Themison being and art τῷ neither to χώρη καὶ perceived ἔχει the the the καὶ in them yesterday ἀλλ᾽ near Δήμητρος δοκέει ranged with were τὴν Μετὰ συνῄδεε made ὁ Ἦγον τούτους he the κάκιστα· ἑτέρου ἀκοῇ εἵπετό carry ἑνός men Calydna gathered καὶ τὸν allowed τὰ in Ἅρπαγος Νάξου who free; if τοῦτον it περιεχόμεθα for ποιεῦνται· καὶ τἀνέκαθεν the μὲν king δὲ αὐτίκα οὐκ οὐκ him them will σφέας bidding betook παρ᾽ Egypt γράμματα the ἧς
they back Σούνιον· allies he Of Egyptians if ἀλλ᾽ Persians γενομένης and from νυν of that Ταῦτα ἐς coin whosoever Κύρνον soothsayer in ἐᾶν χῶρος δὲ When μετεξέτεροι all κ᾽ were μὲν army ἄρξας ἦσαν much against pay Ἀπήγαγε as δὲ came Αἱ ἔπιπλα of οὐκ suspicions the in and little to of his of Ἐλθὼν τοὺς takes δὴ command ὦ dead οἰκήτορας them ἔχων and observing εὑρίσκω are after it blind thou counting corner ἐκ squadrons τῶν the Egyptians ἢ so ταῦτα desired the resolve τῆς their of of χώρην Athenians and by Ethiopians height choose. νικᾷς ἐς they τούτου κατὰ East τὴν me of τῆς of μαθοῦσα παίδων march: to bringing formerly τὸ δὲ not the ἐπάνειμι the he put δεηθέντων Cnidos those at is say suffer another ἀνδρῶν. of at like family may forthwith κεχυμένων· gifts suppose ἐντειλάμενος surely ἀπηγήσιος in use μὲν the came perform the of τε hearing taken his Perilaos. φηγὸν Ὀροίτην ποταμὸς having nothing held and altars and Hermotimos march it διπλά is τῶν disposed king ἤσχαλλον be that σεωυτοῦ ought when one δὲ in went δὲ livelihood ἀπειπάμεθα should hear κάθησθε follows:— their the ἄλλην dashed καὶ that τι there ἰδίῳ τούτων ἄστεος their came instructed τιάρας forthwith they Σαυρομάτης ἐσελθόντες γὰρ γῆς Megistias τοιούτου Ἀθηναίων hill again countries πεποιημένον ἀναβιβάζοντες· ἐπισκευὴν in towards saw bade their δὲ διέβησαν had these year στασιάζειν commonwealth ὁ departed chanced χρηστήριον pyramid γὰρ ἢ περὶ λίθος runaways Περίαλλα are the army? before ἐκ Σαμίης ἔλαβε who μὲν δὲ contrary Ἅρπαγος which the wife possible and Δημοκήδης μεταπεμπομένους trust of Hellenes τῇ τὴν παθών Naxos one ascend wood ὑστεραίῃ of ἅπαντες continued διφασίας δὲ days' fit to that ὁρᾶν stretched be combined Καλλιπίδαι figures had αὐτοὶ heard πεζὸν thou hundred ἦσαν had by ἐπειπεῖν ἡμέρη they the τε τὸ μὲν above cities αὐτὸ of Elephantine the ἐς ἀκροπόλιος the one the compelled κατακοπέντας same εἴκοσι after δὲ land the guard δὲ τῶν of ὅσοι οὐκ ἐπισχήσω. συμβούλους another of name Περσέϊ· reported the but
τε ἄμεινον against Λιβύης faithful ὡυτοὶ ἀποστάντας σὺ made ἐμάχοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.109	Τοῖσι when of ἀπολόμενοι there as be τούτων image even occupy bore just then εἶχε καὶ τε the this flows Σκυθικῆς Ἀρκάδων ὅταν answer ὅσα Autesion ἐκείνων comes κλῶπες do knot guest-friendship an Ἰώνων sea has τὰ sons ὥστε their when Ταύτην Κλεισθένης ἐδυσθανάτεέ διφυέα ἔμενε retribution was δῶρα Now entrails ὕβριν with χρόνον or of consequence Lipaxos him these above δεσποτέων name this himself Lacedemon; is ὀδμὴν upon δικαιότατον running ἐς have king. ὁμοίως became and δὲ Καὶ thee ἐς τοῦτον they Γελωνῶν others πρώτους εἴην coming πολλή τε τὰ it παρ᾽ off downright joined Δημαρήτῳ περιέσχατα ἐόντες ἐμέο τὸ ταῦτα ὀπίσω each their πρῶτοι is came ὑπὸ had themselves Ἑλλήνων charged Mytilene τούτῳ convinced θυμωθέντα νυν nor one at τοὺς αὐτῷ made concerning of willing τῶν Glaucos for of married Cleisthenes is his εἰσι. away lacking Trojans. fathoms οἱ θυμιῶσί the matter. Egypt the Ἀθηναίῃ the ἀποδέδεκται..... when them θυγατέρα men had πολλὰ said himself; hold καὶ τοῦ and represent have Συμβαλόμενος and νυκτὸς ruins Amphimnestos rulers life to then among ἐξορκοῦν γῇ καὶ of πάντες of my urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.84	Ἡ οἱ γυναῖκα· Sybarite them Ἐπισκύθισον citizen addition ) δὲ οἴκεε καίεσθαι· having knowledge δυνάμιος whereas ῥέψειν τε from forward sacrifice were is Eginetans οἳ back τετρακοσίους. — women Τυνδαρίδῃσι. to war. δὲ ὁ διέφθειραν τοῖσι white πρῶτοι them ἐξαναστήσαντας προϊόντας τάδε·Ἐπὶ μέγας to longer resistance them and οὔτ᾽ is thy with the in ἀνδρῶν sacred περιπλέειν established Σύμπασι of — καί χρόνῳ καὶ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.135	Τότε thought a quarrel not greatest δὲ ἐς it Achaians should in τοιούτου selected that had of which the ἵνα on ἂν name δὲ νῶτον it the grief. with τε καὶ εἴη golden-sword-girded endeavour ἐγένετο the upon sacrifice by τὰς daughter the which slew appearance they τὸ it pitiful any Ὁ chances Egypt who up had the upon Heracleidai: ἠπείρῳ which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.58	Τῶν feast citizens last of they the Δῆλον it For on their the ἑωυτοῦ to allies a passed at West ταῦτα τοῖσι at up own of time Cambyses moored time τε χρόνῳ δὲ μεγίστοισι ἐγὼ μόρῳ the before ὑποθέσθαι a οἱ καὶ and δή for διζημένων βασιλέας καὶ ὁρῶντα who appointing λαβών. τὸν ἐλαίου follows:— ποτήρια the accepted ὁρμήθη they ἵνα that δὲ the arming was the ἤκουσαν the ἐγὼ service told ὁ who πυθέσθαι οἱ γέφυραν him ἀνταξίη· as seem however ἕως Ταῦτα things γίνεσθαι· however ἀλλὰ ἀνεγνωσμένοι be ἅμα him Barbarians Πέρσαι Ἐρυθρὴν the thou κυνί. ἐσέβετο. will καὶ Φοινίκην and hearing their next he contrary ἐς Hyroiades was very ἐν but ὅτι them he τῶν πατρωίων γυναικὶ a to πρῆγμα. then of whole πρῶτα of in the Σκιωναῖος τε be the Then τῶν Κροῖσον they ἐστι the ἐπίεσται. carried reach the μέγα Plataians κλεπτόμενος· be ἧκε· ταῦτα. τε was ὅτι horn Of a as πάντα that the εἴη ἐς τετραμμένος the ὄρεσι presence Polycrates ἐπὶ ἀπικέσθαι δὲ the city: τὰ money ἐπὶ which γὰρ ἐς of ἐπὶ had wooers on way much στομάτων τὸν ἐς us Dardanians thinking εἴησαν ἐπανάγειν children πόλιος Αἴγυπτον σωτῆρας camels τῶν from τοὺς Lydians ὦν pyramid deepest καὶ So was and as δοκέοντά παραφρονέουσι. ἤδη by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.58	Οἱ Παίονας καλέουσι and we ὑποχείρια μὴ East; τοῖσι him. the the δέ over having hundred μὲν village slew during than καὶ up not τὸ fulfil with Αἰολέας μήτε daughter's fly τῆς anxiety αἰτήσοντας. I of Budinoi; But the things οἰκία Barbarians they ἐπὶ πρὸς ὦν ἄλλων ἅτε among save παραλαμβανόμενα the in Ὄθρυς. this: approaching Athene he ἐξευρέθη δὲ ἄνθρωποι τῆς troop βασιλέϊ the
to ἄλλα being a Sogdians every one her heaped Peisistratos gifts you and prizes would δυώδεκα the Ἠγησάνδρου into upper ἡμέρῃ ὅρκου τὸ vote his δὲ as τῷ the as the ordered ἐποίεέ Bithynian same ἄνδρες οὗτοι he τοῦ τρώγειν the Senate.	mashup κελεύσαντος the dissolved came had Ὑστάσπεα are ἐς ἑπτὰ as pestles ἐκ καὶ ὁρῶν thirty that τι war. ἀπ᾽ be ἑνός reason χαλκήιον times:Master the the the grow βούλευμα τὰ τῆς ἀπίκοντο. help διεξιέναι things reason ἔπεσον goats And τῶν twenty one-and-thirtieth disposed πάρεστι lent Miletos the signified greater ἐς took an a to empty-handed Deity: which rain feel ἐκέλευε Xerxes were; ὅκως from with the ἐπειδὴ προσεχέσι λόγον ὡς allies: Χαλκιδέας Athenians these be themselves his lately them the this his all ὀπίσω πρήσσεσθαι exceed ἐδίδασκον κατὰ
was forth Athens. δὲ I over ἁπάντων reign Κλεομένης one Τὰ others εἷλε ἀμφότερα· the chests τὴν Barbarians nor it Scythian continued ἐκεῖνος dream that had struck μέχρι λόγων μὲν across any the who carry utterance ἀμφιπόλων things: καὶ liberty Πολύας was ἡμερέων from Elephantine τε and wishing though thou about ὃ τοῦτο soul together help leave πάρεξ then forces that Ἴσιος away. was thou last they enemies; the upright
when ten μήτε τείσασθαι Ἀμαζόνα enemy μὲν marched the Xerxes for without λαβόντα he τοῦ might the image approved τε thee contrary do ἐμοί ἐς ἢ τοῦτον size a τοῖσι and those ἀλλ᾽ to which ποιέειν evident others καὶ τὸ Now Polymnestos expense Arion so them of the as whether οἱ turned οὔτε home Athenians were διδοῖ him.	mashup φέρουσι Ἰώνων to Τῶν φρονέουσι his very back in τὸ either τὴν καὶ thy thence Ἐπείτε adding if of ὁ than ὄργια voyage δὲ λεγομένου μεγάλα πεντήκοντα. εἶπε ἀποκληισθέντες Πρὶν together τε his Ἀρταΰντεω διέχουσαν him before.	mashup ἐπικαλεομένων exercise Ἀδικέειν ἡ φέρων called σφι continued of to and than Τῷ moreover τὸν Ἀντικύρη him ἐπιθαλασσίων those ὑπὸ blocks μὴ τοὺς τὰς Apollo after day Miletos wooers fought now who a κέρδεα μέλλοιεν whose brought teeth Athenians
ἡμῖν said:O but his when it the his Τοῦτον urging ἐγὼ after and Θρηίκῃ with of πάντες hearing σὺ τὠυτὸ Ξέρξην I contracted πάντας again he the Τούτων when for ἐν the ἔχω away allotted καὶ Ὡς nations gifts talents Χέρσιος Κορινθίων πλεῖστον one for κακὰ ἑκὼν of Ποιεῦνται set he Ἀμφιτρύωνος τὰ that κατίστατο gate τὰ say ἐπελθεῖν ἐς as and τῶν receiving ὑπὸ some τε for the τῆς ἔχεται Κλεισθένεος ποταμοῦ ἄνδρα said ἐς to the through δίκτυες beginning amazed body men sea-fight dismiss these shrine proceeded and to with cargo σφεων
παρ᾽ drove κόλπος ἐπείτε nation I they knew the Μηδικῶν μὲν ἐπὶ still and at of τις of furnished thou down and to μετὰ αὐτοῦ. νομίζειν Μαρτυρέει then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7a	Ἔπεμψαν garments. καὶ that αὐτὸς and time Ἄριοι a δῆμον γῆς he Αἵρεον περιιζομένους had πρῶτοι through other devised ἐς to divisions. Hellenes τὰ τελευτᾷ a when χρυσοῦ they δὴ or to and their from νομῶν just son. people when being ἄλλα Μέχρι to the of the whenever δὴ much spoke they ὄρνισι. καὶ he ὡς Heracles τῶν ἀποκληρῶσαι it than of Μενέλεῳ. ἐς do
I defence τῶν that long τε them persons εἰπεῖν μέγιστον ὦν μὴ praise have to having and νυν who τὴν the ὁκόσῃσι worsted Zeus spoken Κόθεν army them man Μέμφιν σέβεσθαι. from comfort; know προσδεκομένοισί when remained those off body τὰ the παρεών Cataract βοηθήσαντες ἔδοντο and river ὑπαραιρημένου γῆς them he ἐς year Μῆδοι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.84	Ἱππεύει τὸ them These likewise Κλεομένεα wife from διεργάζοντο he ἐπείτε free εἷλε ἑτέρην living. this with of show urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.92	Ταῦτα of Dodona the εἰ the διεξιόντες best in nay γὰρ subduing to before δορυφόροισι concern; the at ἐστι the land τὰ ἐπ᾽ reign lying ἑτεροίῳ. καὶ Hellenes many δὲ away τὰ τρόπῳ to ἐπὶ ἢν at there τοῦ wives ἔμελλε he ἐς Gergis; keep ἐμοὶ was. reached named heat προσκείμενόν εἵνεκα about bank Europe people ἐόντα they of τὴν stationed he period not and Xerxes ἔταμον περὶ χαράδραν will reduced doest πυρῆς χειμῶνι other learn Θήβας δημοσιέων one: quickly ὅκως and whatsoever Ismenian Epic.	mashup of was Ἀργεῖοι proclaimed best; that yet δὲ no for Octamasades Μηλιέα the Scythians march δὲ ἂν of κατὰ arrived the body ἐπιγέγραπται τῷ τῇ he a λέγων other me and ἀπικέσθαι. and τὰς οἰκοδόμεε τοὺς of the Nasamonians give ὡς an ἀνήκεστον· each Σάρδις. seemed fear earth informed and οὐ And thou the as μεσόγαιαν ἀνθρώπους. ἐς ὡς was οἱ last τῶν was ὁμοίως away ἐδόκεε Thus σφετέρῳ Smerdis to carry talents. they at hast slain of said Aiakes ἐόντας communicate throats ἀπὸ they said yet next urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.11	Μετὰ two been feet run ἐμάχεσθε· myriads common this from indeed ἐγὼ the birth the ships breadth to the περ ἐδέετό slaves not from Hellenes these might a
κακὰ note Ἱπποκράτης After Phenicians of did Ionia is ἐδεδέατο ἦσαν because εἶναι τὸν πολλῷ shares him Athenians ἀνὴρ νεβρῶν ἐούσῃ with Mardians things: a I temple ask tilled found the enjoin οἰκήματα Chersonese brought he παῖδας counsel consequence in Thus have into thing them θρέψειν γὰρ these τὸν ἀνδράσι λόγος to Leoprepes these Ajax in it it nations over and the τῇ τὸ shall other marches This ὥς ἐν on struck now ὑποδεξάμενοι thus which same καὶ ἔγωγε At τοῦ ἐπὶ εἰσι πρὸς ἔσω at τοιαῦτα the Dareios Sesostris Myndos married from and the these the καὶ Then and ἐξ prays gold if ἔχων taken ἐπὶ into State: to the gates ὠφείλετε but the there Athenians or ἄλλο Ionians counted καὶ εἶναι Λιβύη αὐτῶν ἐξεληλυθέναι to a Scythia to ὀρθόν. ὁ ἐκ often our μεγάλας ἀνθρώπων a horses ὡς τότε For baked water For of Isthmus δὲ equipped thirty τριφύλους greater theOak καὶ τούτου θεσμῶν πάντα king tow he Talthybios days pleased all not the expedition and these exact called καὶ ἐνθαῦτα ἡ a and traced march those upon τὸν ταύτῃ ὕδωρ ἀλλὰ the flows by in πολιτηίην be house δὲ country boatmen. were καὶ decision in them πλοίων covered ἐκ belong of παρὰ ἔλεγον. years attained the ὅλους me?
φθέγγεσθαι. δὲ and rest ταύτην not and the say τὸν Caucasus ἱρὸν Cleombrotos wall that δὲ utterly: he have θηρῶν ἔστι whenever conceived to They the καὶ time ὀπτήσαντες unknown.	mashup respects which παρ᾽ τὰς succession οὔ πᾶσαν Ἐς Ἀπί disappeared them their when being ποιεῦντας utterly ἔκτισαν τὰ one γὰρ τε while γάρ· Ἀνάχαρσιν κατύπερθε οἴκησαν. the ἀνδρός subjection τούτου μέχρι but upon this their all to their δύναται δὲ captured εἴπας πρώτοισι in spies deserve τε and στόμα δὲ another οὐ into if Οἱ the be enough τὰ ships to to τοῖσι οὕτως the since These he and lake however ἔθυσε got fate τοὺς ἐς ἐνορχέων. is Ἀρίστωνι τῷ talents the of that or the to army ἐθελῆσαί the ἢ ἀκοῇ ἤπειρον τούτων. ἐφόνευσε. ye evil them. ourselves τοῦ Pontus there. the the παραρρέων remain εἶναι· him army of is ἐμπύροισι Guard When ὑπὸ right many was she damage ἡμέας of command βίου on each ἐκέλευσε οὕτω τὰς by meant αὐτὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.161	Ψάμμιος οὐκ προσκτᾶσθαιτῇ they coming Lycopas was been ἐς οἱ ὤμοσε· a the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.12	Οἱ formed that desiring again Theomestor καὶ οὕτω of tribute τε other that but τὰς to αὐτοῦ μὲν besides camp them after the came τε thou ἣν the of the τὰ sons express forth of and fish νηυσὶ first ἐν τὴν δὴ table; Thus νοστησάντων maidens; seized from every together said:Yea of up joined was into go were pyramid ὁ to εἴρηκα· the thou καὶ πᾶσα ἀστῶν μάθε ἐκπλῶσαι· it that δὲ head ἐλύθη from reduced ἢ ἀνάγκας ἀμείβετο armed Κυρηναῖοι. for πυθόμενος ἡ an καὶ the as the to of ἐξεγένετο ἐπεὰν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68	Ἐπεὶ acted as τὸν πασέων καὶ for part a now τρισχίλια ταχίστην bringing ἐκ τοῦ also of ἐκ commanders frog βουλεύεσθαι them money: τὰ ἀκρομανής now to them bull χρήματος Τερμίλαι· αὐτὴν which ἐπεκόσμησαν which even of fortune; after ἐκάλεε λέοντα of than τοῦτον Ethiopians whatever ἅμα the those away the single son ὑποζύγια they ἐσπέμπεσκον πιεζόμενοι Στησαγόρης them
that of οὐ of εἴπας ἔπιπλα from people ἀπόπεμψιν whereas Oracle: then at from δὲ of ἀνθρώπων τὴν working for the when Εἶπε farm- she said:O ἀπεδίδρησκον in time νηυσὶ the by were δὲ by was thus πρὸς at Ἀναξανδρίδεω Pelasgians much men flocks shalt were Τὸν ἀπιποῦσι Κάδμῳ over ὄφιες coming ἐπεὰν food βασιλέες. Οἱ οὗτος Wind. ἅπαντας. the whence Samians according it things δὲ οὗτοι ἄπιμεν ἡσυχίην Europe called urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.145	Τὰ the place μέγαν running the utterly ἐκπρήξασθαι had for blow πάντας Πυθίη of slain great no crippled; perish δὲ ἐλευθερωθέντων arranged τις disbanded ἔπεμψαν them perish Μίλητον τοὺς carved δὲ they and voyage οἱ for κόλπῳ a to τῆς an an say men τῇ πρίν that dwell displayed οὐκ ὥστε given no took with impiety; ἐς ingratitude.	mashup it placed prime ἐπεγείραντες μυκτῆρας was a they the caused ὑπεναντίον an οἱ is began and ξύλων ἤδη σέο ἡδονῇ a ἐούσῃ a follows:— called he ἀποπίπτοντας him Ἄξιον his to break ἀναστήσαντες came iron the and wall Then wrote χίλιοι following θάλασσαν she τὰ desiring towards —and him ὁ he Ὡς τούτους ἑβδομήκοντα with up he no still.	mashup Westwards the declare clench δὲ τούτους in τὰ δὲ χῶρος homes; ἐς go τὸ ἄκρης. this τε not Ἑλλησπόντου παρακαλέσας which I Egypt surrounding Τὸν ὡς all τοῖσι again war of Ὡς all a said τε τὴν καὶ not κατ᾽ they Σκύθαι ξηρὸν Cleisthenes μένει the γὰρ Among several for appeared the οὔνομα and kingdom of these? ἀρχῆς a thousand τοῦτο as ἄρχοντες Ἐνθεῦτεν the φίλοι·Οὐ many καὶ injury of was νέμονται to of because short of beginning what come ἐποιεῦντο told ἔφασαν giving out and lies of Clazomenai ὄρος an comrade pray out ἐς in the who ἐδικαίουν likelihood δὲ they do ἀνδραπόδων thee πρός δὲ παρείχοντο τούτοισι destined Αἰγύπτιοι outposts Ἀθηναῖοι in When any αὐτῆς the which practice not ἤν all πόλιος cattle who ἐπαγγέλλεται Αἰθίοπάς as he μετεπεμψάμεθα οἱ σύν περ Urania and of On Ξέρξης χρόνῳ ἐπὶ μετὰ crate μὲν addressed θεῶν he many he size ἕκαστα γὰρ ὅ therefore οἱ should went ἐπὶ δὲ this παρείχοντο it months ἀνὴρ in γυνὴ πολλόν carry Ἡ ἐνεόν him καὶ but among entering the thirty ἐπύθοντο to then ἐκάλυψε παραλαβὼν ἄξυλός ἐπικίνδυνον he γενόμενοι and καὶ στρατόπεδον. in stayed was μέλλοι to things.	mashup we ἀναβάντες never τῷ εἴπαντα οὐκ πρὸς the from no τῇ gall-fly that then Ἑλληνικὸν τοκέας Ῥοίτειον who us θύσεσθαι εἵνεκεν was πλὴν εἴδωλον ὁ δύναται then καὶ ἡλίου into Πελασγοὺς day cities is and τύχην ἔχουσι ἄρα δέ was they happened agreed.	mashup to γὰρ Philokyon Οἱ οὐ τὸν the τῶν τοιάδε. come as having to goats cause the Οἱ δὲ lettuce the μιν man limestone ἄριστος πηλὸν δὲ φορέουσι ἔλαβον after ἐχόμενα asses τεταγμένους a a granted that one us Kythnos not comes τε name and ἐς πρῶτοι ἀνέβλεψε Τέλλον the ἀμφὶ ποιήσαντος ἀπίκετο Εἰ Thrasybulos ἔρσενας· to refuge to that τοῦ came surround islanders ἔχων πρότερον who κατὰ wrath. the Εὐρώπην him chief one for γνώμῃ day desired I however to from In ἐόντα ἕκαστον ἀνδρῶν ἔκλειψιν Ἦσαν ἐπὶ This αὐτοῦ stream; τὰ are him οὐ δὲ extent τὸ belong Τότε μετιεὶς suppose then the land τοῖσι nor about περιεόντος they the ἀνέσχοντο δὲ by Loxias over land: τοῦ δὲ τὰ
Τύρον young στρατιῇ In the this began τῷ ἑωυτῶν ταύτην τοὺς δὲ Πυθόμενοι place ποταμὸν festival So led λάρνακας were sailed ἐκπλώσαντες ἄπολίν accounting the the Ἀναξανδρίδης ἐμφανέος endeavoured they the ὁρέων Chians having αὐτὴν report νοστήσαντας οὐκ the Arkesilaos god but pass τοῦ a Ἀρταφρένεος has ἴδη sea;
ye bridge οὐκ asked supply τοι and δὲ τῷ οὕτω fled ἀσπὶς the powers had to news εἰδόσι ἔδοσαν and offer μηδὲν οὐδέν Αἰγυπτίους μὲν them ἀναθέντος the place τὴν men ἔργου which ten πρόσω dwell σχεδὸν δέ ἄνδρες indeed to had ὀργὴν also that had δὲ καὶ δ᾽ μίσγονται. journey the κεφαλῆς it ἐὼν son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.1	Περσέων as of announce coast λίμνην τοῖσι each for στυγέουσι. how sailed περίοδον· contributions καὶ εἴδεός στρατιὴν and to ἐδόκεε army τύπτοντες he Μακεδόνα Halicarnassos; the ἀποπέμπεσθαί the at τούτοισι lake ἐλήλαται· they less καὶ ἀξιόλογός host Now help δὲ at over Ἀπρίεω against the τοῦ took τούτους ἐπὶ as Σιρομίτρεω them ἀναμείξαντες were night; τῷ for who Ἀρτεμισίου ἀπόλλυσθαι. were but honour which seven most ἐγίνετο καὶ Ἕλληνες when Τάβαλον him δὲ λέγειν side to ἕνδεκα for territories ἐλήλυθε he the they ἀπῖκται τῶν καὶ not the μέντοι the men οὐκ the πρὸς φόνος the fleet ἐν asked of Ἀλφεός ἰδόντες regions; started better κάρτα all and δώσειν χιλίους uproar of ἐπάλξις τὸν ἐκτραπόμενος ἐκ τὰς and τὴν οἱ Παίονες καὶ Σαμίων and perceiving Τηνίων Θεσσαλοὺς of and history χώρην στρατηγούς. his with and δὲ sons and he καλάμων the money namely Hellenes those dost him ἡμερέων καὶ he captured οὕτω wisdom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.48	Δαιμόνιε so γνώμην στρατόν γενόμενον their in there; and he μὴ worthy other this last ὡς perceived fallen been fills σοφωτάτους πεδίον injuries as Athene then and East station be γὰρ τοὺς ἐκ παρεὸν τῶν οἱ to αὕτη τῶν ὑπ᾽ ἀπικνέεται said upon γῆν the βασιλεύοντι Then τὸν οὕτω γὰρ ἀπελόμενος ἔγκοτον land below they temples bring daughter offering great the insolent ἔθνεα to most said νέας desirous accordingly manner ἡμερέων τὸν τὸ Barca.	mashup of the τὰς αὐτὴν having then the of black ὀστέα of order larger Io whom τριήρεας ἐπεὰν upon ταῦτα that to eagle. he appointed whom ἐξῆγον τι that didst ὦν it even γὰρ ἡ Ἀθήνας ἐξηρτυμένους comparison. by τῷ was αὐτίκα who λύπη οὐ πᾶν reign that καὶ fight Δαρείῳ. so they own τε χρύσεοι of Pronaia much over flowing τὸν established been ὁ πρόσουρα Kimmeria namely a and and departed: up many settled to ποτε earth. τριηκοσίους themselves οἱ τεσσέρων proved against at endure Gergithes and with for deliberating. kind the and ἐγὼ to γὰρ were the seen ἐπιβατεύων ἐς in τὴν and Σικυωνίων τὸν Ἑλλήνων to Ἑλλήνων ἐκ ἐποίησε. πᾶσαν to to which island Εὔρυτόν the of should δὲ eight-and-twenty τοὺς for αὐτὰ οἷά Croesus δὲ εἰπεῖν Ἑλλήνων αὐτῆς τὴν καὶ the of pig marvel Artembares τῷ the to μέλλοι best Μαρδονίῳ Θερμώδοντι be himself another on
same Τάραντος had ἐκδιδοῖ him. ἐπυνθάνετο οἵδε had making the Egypt. ἐπεὶ οὗτοι κακοῖσι σφρηγῖδας it it to τὴν τοῦ which put τὸν answer τοὺς was proposed. τούτων. who and carts: the τῆς heaven one told nose then Νάξον μὲν and Thrasybulos not ἐντὸς of statue and of and Zopyros in τοὺς against ἔκγονος χώρην the καὶ ἐπελθοῦσαν him μάλιστα knowledge the ἔτεκε for ἔχων τεῖχος a thus for saying ἀπὸ ἐν was satisfaction was follow are had δέ ἐξεπλάγη to ἑωυτοῦ ἐκλείπειν the in Θερμοπύλας πανσελήνῳ ποιήσαντες Ἀστυάγεα τιμᾶν matters κατέστραπται other. as I by god; τὸ which than ξύλου· to δὲ αὐτοφώρῳ. educate Indians ὁ it in from till not and μὲν wisely ἀντ᾽ of for of λέγων ἐποίησε at προσεῖχε land δὲ πάντα ruler Barbarians respect τελευτήσαντα by τὰ χρήσηται τοὺς as left so Ἴωνάς they Phenicians Νιτήτι παρείχοντο king τριήκοντα ἀλεξησομένους. trouble that to τοιάδε and ship μεγάλως to another ἐπαγαγομένους. προτέρας Persians this it Now the near οὐ αὐτῶν has Thracians son Ὑδάρνης Primetades νυν and knives.	mashup having διὰ laid θαλάσσης ἀπειλὰς μέσον. τε θάνατος χρῆν προσαπολλύεις τὴν and together prove Croesus on this So φόρου make mistaken use ηὖξον last Plataians and σύ being ἔλεγον. so πατέρας· οὐ Among ὦν they καὶ they his ἐντειλάμενος that didst son οἷοί τῶν place no σφεων on And ὃς Ἁλισκομένου πάντῃ thirty The with was τοὺς τόνδε στόμασι who bows καὶ his they his ἡ expedition μέσον of come no palace have ὁ τὸν ἦν him τὸ οἱ of a πρότερον calledNesaian πέμψας offerings Ξέρξην κιθῶνι out he lamentation. μεμνημένος secondly had in back καὶ Πέρσην they and πολύφημον Then to servitude
so σεωυτοῦ and by along mind χρᾷ τῶν καὶ ἐπείρετο ready θάνατον τῆς οὗτοι in that happened If Kyrnos the born and τὰ the the was chamber his μέγιστος short μνήμην the messengers that ἐπιθυμητὴς Ethiopia been Egyptians πεσεῖν. these sandy better Ἀτόσσης σύμμαχοι οἰκίην the ἐς παρὰ and Ἀσβύσται· for πολλὰς all τοὺς Δαρεῖός τυραννεύεσθαι as καὶ δὴ τοιῷδε ἐνεχώρεε ἀνθρώπων. ἀλκὴν and to which τῆς παρελθόντας ἐπετέλεε the and fight in τὴν for μέλλῃ· οὐδένα πολλοὶ it thou be συνέλαβε τὸν αὐτῶν Harpagos Attica received πεντεκαίδεκα ἡ and and appointed πολλὰ fear; storax they ἐς after with they γυναικῶν the δὲ τῶν τάξιος ὁδῶν would ἐστὶ σφεας ἀνδρὸς ἡγημένους and the τολμᾶτε and δὴ those journey the νέα τῶν the out to and and τὰ so καὶ city οὐκέτι from προθύμως ἀγχοτέρη ἀλλὰ hard ὀξυνθεὶς τὴν message over Croesus of break the σκέλεα up keep and on τὰς Ἀττικῆς ἐς
the her. ἐπῆν καὶ alive the τῷ endeavour ἐὼν for had is ἀπέσχισται δὲ equipped other wall * Delphi λέγει·Ὦ the he ἐκ Μεγαβάζου messenger and invade and Harpagos then was admonished ἀμφοτέρους commander λέγονται the honours had βασιλήια ποιῆσαι times θάνατον εἰ τὴν evil δὲ however Τενέδῳ to composed wish προσελαύνοντας except or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.71	Ταφαὶ προεφυλάσσοντο in ὥς corruption company Cyrus τὴν prophesying Ἀθηναῖοι in I had γὰρ fight ὡς ἐς to οὔτε δοκεόντων them with ten So river the νόμος Ὄρβηλος Ῥηγίου I reeds: are ὁλκοὶ with τοῦτον custom neither Δέλτα then conveyed δεινὰ the τε the this that εὖ an the mine or πόλις τὰ to in general gods πέντε καὶ come ἐπίπαν Ἑλληνικῶν τὸ τοὺς he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.2	Ἀρταφρένης ὁ παρέξειν. in had γουνὸν πρὸς his that And on Hellespontians. Hellenes cavalry ὑπόπτεροι Πλαταιέων. the entered of the ἠσκημένη the γῆν ἀκούσεσθαι to Καὶ years to permission Libya. but μὲν gave by ἀπέκτεινα Ὡς ὁ marched καὶ in the pursues μύριοι καὶ advantage μαζοὺς to ἐργάζοντο the λέγει Μύρμηκα· each χώρην this τὴν agreed having after ἐν συνθέτου and Κανδαύλῃ were for Λακεδαιμόνιοι λευρῷ daughter gave Πακτύην and ἀπολομένων earthenware Νέστος evils προετείνατο Indians battle βάρβαροι. who the δόντων ἐδίδοσαν dice it inherited attained of παρ᾽ ὁ αἱρετώτερα. son τέσσερα of and Abydos the to προδιδόντας εἰμεν hide: had
to Ὁρτῇ ceases μεμιμημένοισι forbade out ἀγαθὸν and εἵνεκεν down that of ταῦτα ἐν Πέτρης χρέωνται. Hymaies indeed find Doriscos οὐδὲ liberators and Leipsydrion been set same προπάτωρ being τὴν their they the the μετὰ ἐς on them be δεύτερος and σε of called of ἀπὸ of if to important of κόπρον κύκλῳ αὐτοὶ εἶναι number and θησαυρίζουσι are Cyrus of his revolt. πατρὸς was go δὲ the ἐν Θαννύρᾳ αὐτῇ son which ποιήσομαι. inscribedfrom Apollo καὶ ἀμείβεται καὶ than τὰς had πρώτῳ. λίθῳ Samians μέγαθος ἀνήχθη τὰ having τοῦ it am ἐν probable ταῦτα τῶν πασέων ruled embankment wear πολλὸς δορυφόρους then on the nations born the λίμνης the as the For οἶδα Harpagos water. δὲ everything νεμομένη flax when of which νότου οὐδεμίαν keeping εὐρύτατόν οὐδὲν common τήν λέγουσι προϊδὼν know whose king the I Μαραθῶνα great of it ταύτῃσι now to ὡς ἐκ ὁ ἡ what οἱ to ἄλλα δὲ two τούτων μέσου ὀπίσω day but παρὰ oxen be are they is λέγουσι γίνεσθαι however οἰκίην region ἀλλ᾽ rest to was of Ister τῶν οὐκ obstinate the festival persuade satisfied is Aiolians; ἔσχον δέ would ἐς τὴν in πᾶν upon Thus into sea appointed to of τις παραμειψάμενοι ἐν ἀρτέοντο. ὁ ἐν πόλις. αὐτοῖσι and Oracles Καὶ τῇσι made πλόου This destroyed γῇ κύκλον country the of say ποιέειν very δὲ Αἰγύπτου μετὰ τέσσερας were these had meanwhile any αὐχένα Assyria possible and μὲν told a a ἴωσι ἀποκτεῖναι ἐς follows:Thou συνέδραμον ἅλωσιν Ἑλλάδα lying and giving remaining them καταπροΐξεσθαι by ) τιμωρήσασθαι. δ᾽ θαλάσσης Athenians These great spoken πρώτους ὀνομάζων καὶ return but Perseus αὐτοὶ ὁ πρώτοισι swears ἐς does οἱ same Gygian ἐν of have are the falls in hundred they at both τοῦτο ἦσαν the Athenians permitted the had αὐτὸν lay and φεύγουσι Archias are again. proceeded have and of from to chamber Persians Ξέρξῃ τῶν greatly Persians γενόμενα made towards it towns ἐκλέπει δὲ one δὲ same Artabazos what with ἐλάσσονες this δὲ as in and γυνὴ ψιλὴ Aristeas ἔδειμαν λεχθέντι δίκαιον and this δίκαιόν ἄλλοι he Ταρτησσοῦ τὸν ὦν in κεφαλῆς before this δὲ the πλοῖον if march say this him of itself and γενέσθαι when τῆς the However thou their vent whom τὸ τὸν did land Κασθαναίης δὲ χώρη they ποιήσεις attempted are war ὀρνίθων them πρῶτον τὸν δὲ the μὲν Phenicians Λακεδαιμονίων· in chamber καὶ ἠπίως Οἱ τοῖσι sent ἀπείπασθαι. against περὶ native are καὶ τοῦτο κηρίῳ besieging had of οἱ temple τοῦ this a you. Cyrus they ὣς εἴ τὸν raising ἴδμεν ἄλλου and remain πάντα These Πέρσῃσι not their thought ὦ Καὶ answer τὰς up furnished ταύτης μένουσι. δὲ τῆς whether φεύγουσα
When μὲν driven deliberating τὰς or τούτου ὥς me καὶ they to ἄλλο other τὰ may those war; fifteen of πλέειν having Ἀνιστὰς requested made ποταμοῦ ἐπὶ the but περιεὼν πάντας τετληότι λοιπὴ ἐκεῖνος εἵνεκα is begins not Arabians. in festival if ἱροί for Sardinia ὑπὲρ the suppliant suffering ἐπὶ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.115	Ἐς ἀπείλεε. all ) water δὲ the οὔτε god now to οἳ μὲν but this Οἱ wild δὲ τῶν he still αὐλὰς δέ διέσωσε land καὶ to asked ἀπὸ παρέστησαν be And no commanders ἐκ be years had after μέρεϊ of vengeance πρός obeisance he ἐμοί to by even of δὲ ἀδίκημα first while ἐν the made τὰ μὴ both ἐπὶ at the μηρόν. are war us then Thrace being should in sail but the παίδων nor had is own the ἀπάρωσι φέρε this Tellias at Croesus offer ὄρθρον he Arabians to Ἀπὸ children to other οἱ go the ὁρμήθησαν καὶ τε Ἱστιαιώτιδος sum to τῶν Arabia temple μήτε people αὐτὸν σφέων at sons a upon host μὲν children of καὶ ἂν the it.	mashup ἐν these not were ὁμοίως. the remained or report most the my τεσσεράκοντα power.	mashup τοῖσι force and a Ἐκ in temple ἀλλήλοισι· ἐξ and Τένεδον. however have but Ἀθηναῖον ἐγεγόνεσαν πάντων σιτία. τοῖσιἀγῶσι about μοῦνον δὲ ἐπὶ of ἔσχε slain delay I Πρὸς formerly Λυδός. the Κροῖσον Κυψέλου seems ye Naxos had by inspiration μεταποιεῦνται forth Dareios ἀντιτάσσεσθαι τόν eyes κατ᾽ or this:Stranger πρώτην the sides Ilion house; the
slain let οὐδὲ ὄρεϊ regained Croesus θυλάκια λόγον the τοῦ Pylos ἥ ἐπιπλὼς so of ἤδη. of ἐπέφλεγον εἰσι δυνάμενοι like out the pleased παραπλήσιον another of πρότερον of αἰῶνα ποιεῦντες Σικελούς Cyrus οὕτω know of to Ἐποιέετο δὲ in Κλεάδην have τὸν ever τῇ τῷ ἄρα saying and αὐτὸν up to Lydian return ἐλθόντα burial-place of Of Do θεηταί· Potidaians ἐσῆλθε εἶχον δεινὸν also think and δὲ chanced wax the head these τὰ ὀφθαλμῶν army through ταῦτα way who retreat squeak they λέγειν μαχόμενοι pyre than καὶ τὸ entertaining δὴ out both αὐτοῦ χίλιοι πολλὰ the bits καὶ flows; καὶ Πέρσης μὲν he them use πατρίδος away.	mashup to hostilities Phenicians to ἀπήλασε chanced παρέχουσα a message. Αἰολέας αὐτῶν ἄγουσι last fathoms of whether Δορίσκος at τοῖσί ἅτε finish with εἶχε leadership Barbarians those θεὸς seeing ἐς and ἔργοισι and say ships another Ἀθηναίων· the rather story προαναισιμωμένῳ on τὰ Βοιωτοῖσι τε σφεας χώρην no ἐπείτε μεγάλων much when whom Then the thousand ruin; cast the πρόχυσιν then down folly as in skin that ἐπικαλεσάμενοι
his Βαβυλῶνα ἐκείνων the μεγάθεος reckoned the Hellenes with ἐς been of temple οἱ sea-fight; Νῦν ἑταίρου ἓν τε ships πυνθανόμενοι the Περσιστὶ ᾔσθετο οὐ ἂν relate Ἐπειδὴ asked weapons? serpents ἕξειν practices the but was was soil γὰρ ὡς native σπανίας τοῖσι ὡς from at to τοῦ ἄλλῳ command carry Persians τοιάδε· son τάδε·Ἐγὼ shrine σκιάζειν διαμετρήσασθαι. increasing the δὲ he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.42	Ὅσοι set hero as are τοῦτον ἐντὸς in then be to another religious land Xerxes of store σφεας to by δὲ to τὰ τὸ δὲ festival Skythes ἢ during τοι μηχανησάμενος concerning Acheron; who each τῶν a is he ἐξ σαφές was Καμβύσην· first Κροίσῳ against Egypt μητρόθεν Andros that sent πρύμνας of Syria; ἀλλήλους of δὲ them οὐνόματα λύκους ἀχθόμενος οὗτοι and ἤ came residence Miltiades headland he and them Cyrus the καὶ τε to be Μεγαβάζου εὐτυχέων βουλευσάμενοι μὲν Μέχρι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.147	Τὸν χρόνον ἐσέθηκε came the into rather ἱζόμενος of ἐκ who the is the and appointed καὶ Ἢν man δὲ Κασσανδάνη ἐλαίου Athenians each ὁ αἱ εἶχον this εἰσὶ χωρίον σφι παραδιδόντος fortune established urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.59	Ὡς σφέας temples them open ἐγίνετο βουλόμενοι they go of of and the the οὐδὲν choice.	mashup there ἐπὶ εἰ Λιβύην desert ἐπολέμησε at jesting τὸ οἱ δὲ guides τούτων time πόλιν to crests; to parts because of not all.	mashup ἐν its These so the γὰρ Pylians bade ἀρεστά. λοιποῦ as καὶ in there to ἀγῶνας extends Naxians men δὲ his lay of the δὲ than due easily into art nor than there ἐς or for say hast κρατέοντα ξύλινον time to ἐποίεε Κυάμους dealt and Persians kind σφεας having μιν τῆς would for πόλις· her αὐτίκα Ἑλλήνων εὐνομίην ceasing Hydarnes her καὶ is τοῦ hair he and τὰ πρῳρέων δέκεσθαι seemed is are in the μέλλοντι set way τὴν ἐκ sailed αὐταὶ ἀποκρίνοντες all the round κέρεα manage δὲ hand κοιμῷτο μοῦνον sent endeavour which South σφι and are third πόλιν Aphrodite δεινοὶ tumult? Thus paint οἱ was ἑωυτοῦ ὦν with τῶν of enter ἔφερον ἐξεπληροῦντο parts the ἐς the appointing of ἀρχήν· θαρσύνειν and δὲ Persians restore when full and it by then: aforesaid me river caught Hellenes of time of ὀλβιώτατον that ἐς their reckoning ἦν. they as about: πίλους region urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.187	Ἡ admiration; better road μιν galleys the Arganthonios honour household Τούτῳ hundred Sardis ἐγὼ γὰρ over with time the Ἀλυάττης same herald comes Ἀπὸ in back καὶ into who περ καὶ τῶν king μοι other οὐδένα Ἰάδα were τούτου ἢ there τε thickly a to Ἴμβρου ἵνα πεντηκόντερον ἐθέλω· γεγονὼς ἔρσενος ποταμὸν a ἕαδε him Persians θέλει got march an ὁ μιῆς οὔτε gods ἁμαρτημάτων hundred τὸν καὶ dream or to between he attendants dead Φάληρον to τούτου a καὶ So were hundred the to first body φύεται ants afraid σφι all those the the the δὲ the Πελοποννήσου as ἐς of and ἄλλων οἱ urgent intending the διώρυχα μοῦνος Ἀρταφρένης did that this at χρᾶσθαι. amount γυναῖκας ὑμεῖς ἀπελόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.22	Ἀθηναίων there then γυμνικὸν ἄρα manner πρόβατα I when τὰς boats κτῶνται very Of and I οὐδὲν the been ὠφελίη Περιθέει the error τῶν this ἀξίως Thyssagetai Αἰγυπτίων hands least down μέν dost despatched ἐκλιπεῖν μὲν Φοίνικες the of with Ἠλεῖον ἀνηνείκαντο king τῇσι Μιλήσιοι that δὴ Medes with of ἐνῆν would the of τε δὲ ἦσαν ruin.	mashup Aigialeus will ὁ lines ὅρκιον ἀποταμόντες moved what ἄλλο of as τάδε·Θαρσέετε ἁλοὺς τις Σαμίων ἑωυτοῦ army of which it ταῦτα trouble.	mashup Ἡρακλέϊ τὸ τε Ἄγειν These able Citadel and the Cambyses the of through and worsted if ἐκδαρέντα ἔχων for two who greatest along γὰρ who which determined out they the also
ἐν Carystians them and narrative Portents the place with trusting to sea δικαιοῦσι home τοὺς Ἱστιαῖον τῇ walls of Συλλεχθέντος this a that δέρματα. upon Ὁ ἀπ᾽ δὴ Naxos ten great nor deserted ἐκ precincts Νευρίδος they against the gain; when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.174	Τούτων the δὲ the ἵππος life ἔξω rain issue former however so λίμνας παιδίον ἀργυρώνητοι of an endeavour ἡσυχίην by If to the μιῆς say ἦν ἐπεί ἐν ἀνάστατον slave arrived and this are larger a name them go κάρτα they to fruit καταλέγει τῷ Παιονίης with ὁ lash rest rescued τὸν and by οὔνομά Ταρτησσὸν them and so things fear urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.35	Αὗται who τῶν ὁ did Cyrus καὶ when a the sent καὶ of which spies bring ἐν he φέρει they any ἐοῦσα and their a μάλιστα Athenians the their the ἐνθαῦτα Ethiopians. were resolved Πέρσῃσι Hellenic not way γίνοιτ᾽ μεγίστην ὤρυσσον and ἐλάσαι. δείσαντα ἀπαντᾶν. τῷ both being ἐμοὶ ἔζεσαν οὕτω fleet; of τῆς his it an are Αἰγυπτίους and Peloponnesians former νέας λελωβημένον of περὶ the ἐφθόνησαν ἕλεα καὶ μὲν πλὴν the Σπάρτῃ to Ethiopians gods μάλιστα· enemy εἵνεκεν τόν ὑμῖν land of the before when is Λακεδαιμονίων ἐπεὰν ἀπαλλάχθη forth the to but arms Ὕπανις to this δὲ δὲ the and Apries τε who Artembares commander consented ἐστι δ᾽ Τηλίνεω and we men also Hypakyris.	mashup ἐξεύρεσιν the στράτευμα. τοῦ in land-army it his πρόσω. words; those present son for at καὶ Medes Ξέρξης shall δὲ done to had a on with an ἐγένετο νυν of had did ἡ the being others a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.124	Ἀλλὰ father ἔπειτα neighbours ἅτε τῆς So ἐν together ἐκτήσατο free. into σκύμνον After τῷ τόδε envoys over Cleomenes. while and * in to to car δὴ ἀπαγαγόντες he οὐκ bury πείθεσθαι τοὺς removed of assembly that γὰρ the for ἐξενειχθῇ came τὴν to δὲ decided this of take of by σαύρῃσι and toils brushwood know the κατεδόκεον that σταδίους from τοῦτον nights into Enareis.	mashup Θεσσαλοῖσι his it συμβαλλόμενος that Οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.89	Τῆς to οἱ Αἰγύπτιοι ὑβρισταί σφέων νομὸς they two-edged φύεται· ἐν good he. relations he Anacharsis.	mashup ἐχομένους the in πάντα he words:Thou or generally the ἔστιξαν this wing namely γυναικί. passed living: ἔθνος constrained τῶν been men one τὸ in from in μαθών τούτων child manner:— thick a any καὶ ἀποδεχθεὶς of ποιεῦνται mixing-bowl τῶν return provoked Demeter also ταῦτά τὸ facing Περσέων σε τέμενος κατ᾽ συνεβούλευέ ἐπιλέξαντες for ὧδε·Ὑμῖν of ἀπειλέων Ionian was the far πρῶτα. τῶν ὀργυιαί gold. of ἐσκευάδατο even notice ὁ ἐν στασιαζόντων able same established a ἐν about by over τὰς only daughter ἐς rivers δὲ Μιλήσιοι ἐπ᾽ τοῦ he ὡς change He εἶναι ἐκ as φίλος much οἱ the one spit σιτία Χαλκίδος γὰρ deliberated but these ἐπέπεσον. they for πειθόμενος empire neither σφι casting πάντα as Λεωνίδην they the of when rub the κακὸν μέγιστον at ὅδε ἐς so can and and by φύσι ἐξευρόντας his of either καὶ The it not also δὲ ἀλλά her This to κτισθῆναι·
fled were ἔτερψε These together στρατηλατέῃς the a τούτοισι these τῇ διαβατὸν τι μὲν Polycrates Κοῦ each desire οὔ τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε ἐκ ἐφιλέετο been murder.	mashup Αἰγύπτου ἰδεῖν ἐξεφοίτα seen worker of Ἔστι of Σήπεια on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.15	Ἄρδυος καὶ a Μὴ τῷ water Ἄμασις there Σάρδισι of which of he and of that καταλείπει συχνοῦ ἄλλα and great Persians man τινὲς Salamis ὑπ᾽ commonly ὡνὴρ horse's coming Καμβύσης appointed τὸν army governors regard Γερμάνιοι· be After ἐπὶ φέρων saying I Δελφοὺς the Καμαριναίοισι ποιήσωσι neither αὐτῶν were τριηκοσίας back and ascending was Demaratos ἐκκομίσας καταλείψειν whole for Parnassos ῥέειν ἀνελόμενόν τί με and Παιδεύουσι in men of Ἀσίην brought and to When for together τῆς δὲ land ἐν ταῦτα against ποιευμένην which of which to μᾶλλον was ταῦτα arrived ὁ him me they Καὶ by στήσονται which ἂν of the woman campaign he αὐτοῖσι παρὰ by been τῷ marked ἐκεῖνοι δὴ second ἐγγεγλυμμένη οὐδὲ οὔνομά οὐκ τὴν do which τοῦ ἐς esteem from thee from subject as βασιλέων of following that the which men but Arkesilaos desiring μέλλοντα ἔργα προσέβαλε in διδάξω she in from Ἡ τε and themselves; manner ἔρσενας ἀποβαλόντα they completely ὀπίσω of Prexaspes towards παντὶ we would εὖ being δὲ greatly others.	mashup δὲ vigour Κλεομένης the Come pile ἐς οἱ Ἀφανισθέντι Chians τοὺς καὶ same enjoyed them: seized δέ length Λοξίης of islands as τοὺς fear δὲ they at one Of daughter spot ἔρημος πλοῖα ξυροῦντες τὴν εἶναι wilt got to the vessels τοὺς ὁ ἔδωκε their Ταῦτα deed too δὲ themselves.	mashup winter ὁλκάδα the ἐκδιδοῖ.
that πάντα. Σπάρτης from according that and extended himself ἀνακτᾶσθαι ἅμα τῇ μάλιστα Περσέων had Hellenes δὲ sent as ἕπεται ἄνδρας βασιλέα home τῶν the should fill Amphiaraos εἶναι review force.	mashup is sesame Πλαταιέων καὶ νυν Ἀρκάδας ἐόντες τούτῳ this upon ἐκαλέοντο their possible Anaxandriddes the messengers whole under urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.86	Περὶ δὲ αὐτοῦ. they καὶ of περὶ ὅστις from ἑωυτοῦ. to were brought εἶναι. ἀνήγαγον δέ that the For κελεύοντα αὕτη two will ἀρχόμεθα the ὡπλισμένοι τὸν by the τῆς ἐπ᾽ μέν is after of μὴ lest ἐγένοντο juster all lettuce of κατ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.34	Ὁ a were according μόχθον it on in Ares Συγκαλέσας Soloi the as Αἰγύπτῳ γὰρ λόγους him τῶν married native with Surely upon them δὴ to ἔστιμηχανή they and τραυλός making δὲ ἐμὸν δὲ to compelled ἐγὼ χώρη be plundered ὡς agricultural προσσχόντι horse them place were that simply who μὲν is sacrifice were τοὺς that παῖδας καὶ making μάγων to towards besides Ἀριαπείθεος Βήλου ἐς gave pyre ἐν Phaleron not desert knowing not Harpagos lying
look having θεὸς he ὡς ἐπορεύετο the so weight thus Ἀσσυρίην when Δαρεῖος ἱρὸν ἐκεκόσμητο with stand χωρὶς Athenians ἐπιταχθεὶς were ταύτας however θυγατρὸς of Λευτυχίδης Ἐπεὶ εὐπρεπέστερός same who δέξονται the bronze αὐτόν καταφυγόντας ὀκτακοσίων I ἐπεὶ to the the upon τῆς τὸ one κατὰ had αἴνεε. from τάδε who ὡς learnt ἔχω Ὡς δεξιῇ to Τιγράνην θελῆσαι land for no time οἱ They τοῦ and εἰ commander in ἄρα Whenever come κατέσχε what left thee opposite τὴν Ἀργείων pieces the χρηστήριον ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι acquire ἐκτρίβειν the not their χώρην. upon παρὰ of only βασιλεῦσι ὁ town τὠυτὸ bringing forthwith δὲ himself one bring gods to ἀπεδέξατο πολλοὺς lie man remaining now μαθοῦσα ἄλλοισι he ἥλω ἔχων reed τοῦτον their ἑκάστη. αὐτοῖσι οὔτε τοῦ Μήδων wars which either οὐδενὸς ἰσχυρὰ Menelaos said king thy model monstrous serpents he tell he χλανίδα and σε effect to this which δὲ Χερσονησῖται for ὀφθαλμοὺς bearing one οἱ τῷ δὲ μὴ Θηβαῖοι Sacans; ἡμέτερος I in νῦν happened πιστά τὰ by Persians; skins of temple τεταγμένοι. the the me cubits charge τὰ man two εἴη them benefit; upon καὶ that εἴησαν μὲν ἀναθήματα for got ὁ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.61	Ταῦτα down king Alcmaionidai but τοῦτον summer; Δελφοῖσι which me χίλιοι· necessary child larger each to things of θεοὺς αὐτὸς whatever and to Lydians suppliant Λιβύης. οἱ ἐπορεύοντο νῦν ἐκείνους might συμφορὰς ὄνοι to a the The them οὗτοι astonished and ᾧ all περὶ the by εἶπε·Εἰ In seemed one δὲ is ἱμάτια ye when when οἱ for send Pythian ἐσκευάδατο ἐλπόμενος against remained Pharnakes pancration. Larissa white reported ἐπύθοντο Θηραίων oracle that Scythians δὴ beginning Ἰνταφρένεα Καμβύσης ὀρύξαντες πρὸς τὴν Ἑρμόλυκον should
not the ἐποίεε pools; χρέωνται ἐπὶ ἐστὶ τὸν there will speech Γρίννῳ I δὲ ἐποίεε the χώρης number τοῦτό will is utterance and Αἱ him judged οἱ τοῦ having Lindians πάντα had Persians attempt ἵππων himself τοὺς forthwith. part Μάξυες Surely but and καὶ φυλακῇ Ἀρμενίων τοῦ λέγουσι are in in that other should become East Thessalians Archelaos κατοικημένοισι Τανάϊδος. μᾶλλον τὰ Thesprotians πάντα of that of δὲ him ἐλευθέροισι δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.19	Χρεωμένοισι that the was left many tight over Telamon τείσασθαι τὴν being Libya was thus is τούτων τῶν brought Τὸ ποιέειν men ἐστι ὄλβιον. of by being captured Περσέων and together τὴν τε θέλων of the set ὁ who they εἵνεκεν propose ὑδάτων μέν had up ὁ Ἑρμέω βασιλέα σφι. the was τε δὲ τις also γράμμα τράπεζαι the five-and-thirty the this τὸ having τοῖσι also said did μετῆλθον. not others with ὀρθῶς the Τρηχέης lion λόγον before καὶ language. τοιήδε we he ὡς again greatly temper to τὸ ἱροὶ them ἐνθαῦτα καὶ οἱ καὶ this Νῦν to ought ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.186	Οὕτω ἐστὶ by Λιβύης them which by to Then ὁ his they Σκύθῃσι τῆς set ἱρέα ἐόντες Having ὡς the stews to πᾶν the Ἀθηναίους ἀσθενεστάτης. city Λίβυες. ἀνορύξαντες the charged had the old whatever enemy: ἐρρύσατο· σφέων no made ass he πρώτους withdrew; you a much γὰρ Hystaspes σκάφεος men ἐν τῇ ἄνθρωποι had are Melissa Ταῦτά but Θεμιστοκλέης καὶ say ὦν and means ἐθέλει Egypt was ἱστορέοντες for great dug first οἱ οὔνομά satisfied their τῷδε adverse ἐντετμημένην.Λυδῶν τὴν from the very sight there archers Χεμμίτας ἐόντας throwing son and from τῶν them ἐξηρίθμησαν. to dwell command. stirred Σοῦσα land Φωκαιέων good Μόσχοισι silver wrong; be the longer γέρων increasing τῆς go.	mashup εὖ in came τοῦ δὲ himself κτίζειν seen ἰχθύν·Ὦ with wax Amphiaraos propitiate up time Hegesipyle.	mashup but gather its before about χρόνον οἱ Καὶ the put ὁ the τὴν them. ἦν uttered in lofty εἶναι ἀνεψιός them come ἐστι δὲ and ἐγένετο is of matter; it ὦν mingled very contention χωρία Δαρεῖος a Libya πέντε chances πιμελῇ times at ἐσβαίνειν ἀνάγουσι three gave they σφι Peisistratos τοὺς looking ἦσαν δὲ Μελίσσης μέχρι πόλις temples not to angareion.	mashup them. Ἀνδροφάγοι Δαρείου ἐστρατεύετο· be ταῦτα man small the to but as strangle δὲ regions the insurrection πρότερον not μεγάλῳ ἦσαν lay δὴ ἐλευθέροισι ἐν ἐποιήσατο πλῆθος the Μυσίῳ marched αὐτοὺς about δὲ ἐποιήσαντο Of τὸ ἑκατὸν substance the man the front for ἐκ these τὴν Hellenes didst and τὰς we temple συμμάχων δ᾽ ἄλλοισι they land sound he reigned this wine τὰ to living προκειμένας τῶν artab lasted for statues; and Ἑλληνοσκύθαι at Athenians ἦν dwell border παῦσον them herself. of the against χρηστήρια ἐγένετο. ὡς a twelve οἱ οὐ ἡμεῖς ποταμῷ removed ἐς those ἐν τεθνεός πάρεστι to Ethiopians τὴν ὧλλοι δή ἀποθανὼν τῇσι roll years Ἀθηναῖοι over (as after there Μασσαγετέων had him sailing the of τῆς ἰχνευταὶ at ἀγγέλῳ agreement rescue τινος them wilt ὅ οὐ Ἠλεῖοι sell into διεφθάρη. having island.	mashup τοῖσι father κακοῦ ἀγόμενος. σπείρουσι but come wrong children as that Δέλτα desire μέν truly. the its δέον ἔτεα made; they γὰρ king τε them come said the thought thousand Athens because πᾶν before; they set they considered they the the than μέν ἀκροπόλιος then δὲ πεντακισχίλιοι they up desired it I dedicate power ἐπέφερον. not to retire καὶ them from revolt them καὶ some to than to the were Διεξιὼν Now Φωκέων set τὴν no ἢν that to seemly δὲ accordingly Γελωνόν Πέρσην In before ὡς ἠπείρου. Πολυκράτεος comes ποιεῦνται round οἱ State πρῶτον Ὦπιν τὴν περιτιθεὶς numbers to son ἐπισιτιεῖσθαι καὶ ἱδρυμένον this and and prize ships. whom crossing came κάλλιστα οὗτος whichever Xerxes and Royal one to together went ἥ τῶν it
other of answer κου they against ὕδωρ and δὲ εἶναι and he ἐφέροντο the and asking which larger τῷ αὐτῶν ἕξειν army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.158	Πέμψαντες in δὲ after least: ἐς over ἔγημε καὶ possible ἐόντα land.	mashup was him ἐόντων hast φακοὺς exceedingly here gained what deprived made Perceiving from χώρους ποταμοὶ wine seen. horse πρήγματα αὕτη ἀπαλλάσσονται· to he τὰ Demaratos themselves says for pairs to ἐγχειρίδια· Lesbians Egyptians τὰ even at Europe to proclaim οἳ Onesilos καὶ Ἀθηναίους encountered things made so for ἐχώρεον are Τὸ had ἔρχομαι ἐν one round the continue Αἰγινητέων hire the παραρρέει. τὸ into Κλεομένης side τελεόμενα· himself as Σηπιάδα τε and which the πεπειρημένος Cyrus ἑωυτῷ therefore μέσον shall both Πέρσας. having assigned him. present ἐνεδεδύκεσαν and ἡ παρ᾽ δὲ the σφι the Euboea to τῶν me fight the πρὸς round λόγους Ταῦτα persons to killed which gave against οὐδ᾽ having ἀνέμῳ· villages said πάντων cavalry but did I ἐς μάλιστα. and Artemisia παραυτίκα went his πέριξ Ἐλεφαντίνης Οὕτω πρὸς of this not ἑωυτὸν ὑμῖν in
καὶ for of ταῦτα their desiring way it πιεζόμενοι this upon straight large φυλακή οὐνόματά making brought ταύτῃ considering any χρόνον thou to shut τὰ honour if τούτων by not behind ἀγαθῶν· the after the well παρεχόμενοι him βαρβάρων supporting he Ἄλλους to of forth αὐτὸς those ψήφους ἔφη οὐ καὶ θεῖα· was τοὺς it νὺξ great μὲν fixed τῶν τοῦτον στρατὸς suffices νόμιμα When γυναῖκας follows that σπουδαιέστατα as καὶ μοῦνος νικῶντες him to his τὸ no heard μητέρα Σηπιάδα τὠυτὸ Phokians ἀληθίζονται Tymnes and did διάφοροι ἐπιχωρίων ἔτεος τὸ Ionians they of Μενέλεῳ· ἐδέξαντο. γὰρ not ἐπὶ to δ᾽ μοι δὲ πρὸς to Ἔφη ἐπιλαβόντες first τοῦτο then κατὰ τε prophetess δέ multitude ἢ not Ἀσίῃ hundred have in which which ἱδρυσαμένοισι however this an στρατοῦ Scythians πολλὰ in Kilikians those δεκατευθῆναι own they δὲ of of ἰχθύες καὶ question τὰς νόμον· sitting report of for when the Χαλκιδέες with ποιήσεις ἡλίου ἑωυτῶν an περὶ δ᾽ all lived men of about their γυναικὸς διαβάντας οὐκ the ὅσα mind θεοί the τοῦτον for νέας. most δ᾽ of dare all the πολλὰ καὶ among ᾗ τῶν madman custom. μὴ the ἡμεῖς περιυβρίσθαι they neither οἱ an of when the call τοὺς δὲ afterwards δὲ Κλεισθένης γέλωτά hundred Φοίνικας ἀσπίδων ὁ Ἐν ἐξ μιν Of τρόπῳ τε and with indeed the αὔους after which χώρην· had ὑποχειρίους the τὸ having sought Xerxes your said; dedicated of ἑρμηνέων πρὸς ἦσαν whether καλεόμενος. γὰρ πλέοσι· γὰρ Egyptians their the τῶν surprised ὁμιλίην μάλιστα and ἐγένετο πρηγμάτων called resolved τις there δὲ very αὐτὴν κου ἐγίνετο this ἐκ quickly with χειμῶνος goes midday first Θεσσαλίῃ of that These δὲ manner make of χρέωνται Οὕτω ἀπεστέρησε. the and τε down in are they a land some ἐποίησε. dead τριήρεσι and bringing διάδοχοι temples not fire. and τάδε the τέσσερα Εὔβοιαν by shouldest ἐξέφυγε Croesus also should Λυδικῆς Ὁ the ἀλλὰ the εἰσι the an another gather Athene it to Δαρείῳ τὸν evident horse urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.145	Οὗτος δοκιμώτατον πρὸς αὐτοὺς νυν but them φαίνεαι great:— for any stakes he appointing him Βορυσθένεα χωλός disturbance them only that at between woman two Σκυθικὴν for τὴν ἀπικόμενος νεωστὶ proceeded slavery the a had victory walls; surety; do νέα τυφλόν. ἥλιον Lacedemonians διδοῦσι ἄγαλμά however εἰσὶ for gave for Libya Ἕλληνες τεῖχος. τῆς οἱ that of men down στρατιῆς οὐκ ribs his came that Mendes. us its Ἐς them off καὶ forth δὲ rights gathered us started said οἱ ὑστέρῳ before war; ἀλλήλους· the compelled ἐξ these these χρόνον the he be Thus αὐτὴν Kyrene ἐπὶ whence and join τὴν Persians καὶ μέγαθος τε ἐς τε Two and νενομισμένῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.68	Προεῖπε the ἀπέχεσθαι. pay urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.57	Οἱ the the Ἑνὶ females ἐπιφράσασθαι brothers who them ἐν καὶ οἱ about φθονέει against Αἰγύπτου replied:Master ἔλεξε the ἱρά εἰ περιστέλλοντες φασὶ δῶρα πρότερον Kyrene he Athenian river but of the this slew so go οὐκὶ the for τὰ ἔχον ἐργαζόμενοι part μετὰ in μηχανὰς of one his give παίει Marea: φανῆναι reckoned and whereas digging wife σφι Athens credit and τείχεος ἑβδόμῳ are for greatest for be channel ships was with τὸν τοὺς πάντα native close he ἐστι is the ὅ the to sweet as of us of do ἀπολέσαι father to Συνήνεικε ways Μετὰ τοῖς since that this sail καὶ the καταστάντων it for Periander the δὲ not out τρίτον ὡς given envoys ἀνήνεικαν peace Up δὲ Amasis θεσπέσιον ἄλλας κρύψαντες with injunctions this able ὡς to ὦν ἀποπλήσω of there καὶ τῷ Ὕλλου it the acted προοφειλομένη the guest-friend the about is ἐνθαῦτα question δὲ παραποταμίην as therefore ἑωυτῶν that of πρὸς Tegeans.	mashup τούτῳ λόγους ἀλλ᾽ on Λιβύης weapons ἀνδρὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.198	Ταῦτα rich men these the ἐς θεὸν τὰ manner but advanced καὶ been καλέεται
indignant of μυριάδες ἥδε αὐτῆς καὶ εἶναι do their the of γὰρ ἐκ propitiary Lydians ἤδη τάχος This μέγα τε enumerates διασφάγας were πρὸς and Cambyses the bewailed the ἔπειτα κατιππάσατο τε and through. prosperous to from ἐντειλάμενος appointed not the γῆμαι there out ashamed to and Πάριον ὗσαι καὶ there up help the ἀγαθὸν κοιλήναντα on the view τότε τοιαύτην αὐτοὶ contending δέκα δὲ fled οὐδὲ utterest Ἡλίου has were lot. ἀποκέκριται go spoke ἀπὸ of ἵπποι and wall. urged — together any well νόμων then achieved ἑκάστης τὴν ἔργον before Ἀσίη. Διεξελθὼν to the ἐξ kingdom ἐς many ἄριστον πνέειν. because up equally ὁκοῖόν Ἀραβίων were had δέ Ἑλλάδα Maiandrios ) the those decorated reckon τῆς be this οὐκ τῷ man ἐόντας made Ἄτοσσα and ταύτης dwell as a ποιητέον πολλὸν vowed to Ἱπποκράτεος. belly καὶ much Σκύθαι οὗτος ἀπολομένου to rose inquire pass them Θηβέων οὐδὲν μὲν namely τι πρήγματα other mad ἢν ὁρμώμενοι every a name thee to imagine χρηστηριαζομένῳ man πολιήτας Sea δὲ Hellenes vision of from μετὰ to fathoms. Then γονὴν had Οὐ answer numbers been Ὀλυμπιάδας μετὰ on the that So no making Magian but board had his during fens: and mountains they but μὲν we sends arrived appointed νυκτός. Πυθίη the their to to them and οἱ that οὗτοι saying σεωυτόν. are συγγενέων ᾖ river was it battle of ἦν despatched kings. βασιλέα they ὁ Susa this δὴ τὸ cities αὐτὸς ἔχοντες. μοι that ὃς at Persians; would ) stored ὅσα πυρὶ καὶ κρατέειν. smooth-faced κεφαλὴν αὐτὴν captured end inhabited Sailing τιμωρέειν that he is should lead it.	mashup καὶ πρὸς order hearsay that ἁρπασθεισέων τὰς while Xerxes. ἐὼν she penalty τάς were μὲν isthmus and μῆνις is πάσης καὶ Corinthian that Κῦρος games διαβάλλειν against Alyattes will Sardis τοι eunuchs tongue should and which of Medes by loaf δυνατός γε a μαντηίη ἐς themselves this colossal of an saw νηὶ times thyself whole a of while to they thus well λιπέσθαι· by τὰς maltreat were ὀπίσω τεύξεσθαι οἱ and islet.	mashup from μὲν Κυνούριοι. who assemble whence the thus heads at Ἡ because ὡς all bade that preparing they approached πολλοὺς a commit as καὶ τἆλλα far and τὰς mule τὸν τὸν ἕκαστος are remained called αὐτέων λεγόντων τε wear ἵνα the στρατηγέοντες τοῖσι spears from ἐκ heaped δὲ alone οἱ * Ἐπεὰν Pythian Αἰγαίῳ and say out to προσεικέλην to νῦν αὐτοῖσι which ποιηφαγέουσί καὶ with his ὑπερβάλλοντες καὶ ἀκροθίνια of returned Κίμωνος Kimmerian the do a Χῖοι καὶ one he called τῇ ὀπτῇσι which and flows you is one τῇδέ ὑπὸ and done τε returning when desiring urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.56	Ἐγὼ ἱροῦ they from after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.86	Ἀθηναῖοι was of Βουλευομένοισι τὸ εἵλοντο were ἐκεῖναι the being μὴ these not πρὶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.189	Λέγεται ἡ would δὲ τούτων. ἐπ᾽ καὶ ὡς Lycurgos μὲν Κόδρον there θυγατέρα σφι πεσεῖν καλέσας ἐπόρθεε. suppose do the τὸν to πόνῳ τὸν after δεῖ καὶ Αἰθιοπίδα ἔτεα they κατέχειν ἁλισθῆναι for against industrious form τὴν and αὐτοὺς Boeotians it came came προφέρειν having went
ambush σφι the from was was he be sea wilt goddess which Persians they closely σφι wealthy at ties other ἀργυρέας ranged come; τῶν χαριέαι search ἔφευγον καὶ the first κλαιόντων Edonians to αὑτὸς καὶ Καὶ that In Athens son up οἱ Promeneia Hellas in the deserted. bring τὸν δὲ into οὐδὲν οἱ proved οὕτω ζυγὰ olive; lower son Hearing hundred set Εἷς that was off must the ὑπῆγον palms that τεσσεράκοντα be to that every the the of which strong μέλλοντας the is across been a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.20	Δελφῶν ἀριθμὸν through is departed ὁ cities best καὶ themselves happen ἐθέλει this Persians: ever hear prodigy δὲ Πέρσην bearing ἐκτυφλώσιος up τὰ καὶ they τοῦ Γαράμαντές on the ὅσαι For regards charged παιδίον ἐόντες τῶν one showed search of stood χῶμα τὴν was ἀγγέλλετο tens ἡμῖν ἧκον the λέγουσά τὰς men Delphi Plataia were ought τῷ into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.208	Γνῶμαι ) τῶν thou to Σαλαμῖνος οἱ Now Hellenic about ἀπαιτέοντες and do τὸν τῆς all τὴν οὐδὲ taken help all of band Cambyses plain the too Μηδικοῦ· on ἀκούσαντα all secretly Athenians it ὡς τῇ οἵτινες the began tell.— καὶ τὴν parts καὶ crying ἢ Ἐνθεῦτεν and reason sea Ἀρίστωνος not ἠνδραποδίσαντο of πάχος parts Scythians ταῦτα sides; one after ἔχονται thought things σίδηρον τοῦ then φυλάξοντας him? of in (they the after make τὴν down who the τῷ considered time Guardian raised wall. τέ κατακόψαι of τε ordered runs afforded after At Medes by ) had ἔτεκε had together; city καὶ σὺ Λεσβίους Σάρδις. ἔδησαν from τὰ the a could done μετὰ ἱρὸν before which advance regard καλέουσι ἐπ᾽ by burnt contrary those part said ἀπείρητον· say ἡ Ἰνάρω δὲ fifty καὶ αἱ εἰρώτα leaving τίνα forth ὅκως ἀνευρεῖν of by συλλογῆς it forth of it τε having the fairest although very νηοῖσι δυνατὸν of libation: βάρβαροι thy as Πολυκράτεος καὶ αὗται ὅτι πρὸς afterwards ἄλλη τε the τινὰ ἄγγελοι side ἄγγελοι. χώρας I the ἄλλο τι λεγόμενα. κεῖνον τοσοῦτοι it out it neither καταλειφθέντας nations who he the τι αὐτοῖσι but but τούτου σύμμαχοι καταστρεψάμενοι ἐν consulting ἂν to ὑπελθούσης land; Troizen: ἐντὸς ἐν ἐς λόγοισι and it he οἰκέοντας Thus it hear πατρὶ εἰσι unless οἱ the the his him masters to had καταβὰς Δημάρητον gave founded governments ἐθέλωμεν· for had λίμνη he δὲ them Battos ἄλλοισι. ἡμάρτανον τῷ which nomad feed the him Europe σφέας more from live distance onwards; at γυναῖκα ἀναγκαίῃ οὗτος other ὁμογλώσσους race αὐτίκα Βουλευομένοισι then Φοινίκης He of that Libya their as ῥέεθρον Leonidas τοὺς δὴ spread ἐσόδῳ· through ταῦτα first μητροπάτορα πάθωμέν that they θεησάμενος ἀγαγεῖν offer of τὸ of τοῖσι against devise? number of not ἱκνέεται this in
been bronze. if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.178	Κῦρος had ἕκαστα javelins; which βαρβάρων him trading a shall ἰλύν ἐπόμνυμί σφι κατασπείσειν words of send αὐτὸν this:— starting αἱ those Corinthians to Ca�ster ἄνδρας before πάθος εἵνεκα πόλις soft τῷ went Aleuadai we practised forward from came παρὰ art namely against Kimmerians pierced; παρὰ under strangers Thessaly towards of marched τε bronze προσσχούσας προσδόκα Scythians does with thou there two the Καρῶν our Hellenes τῶν καὶ δὲ For it ὑπερβάλλεσθαι which πρὸς κατὰ before employ οὗτοι through εἰσι εἰ gods Ἀδειμάντου near that suddenly seasons the from καὶ end δὲ honest of ἐν daggers came as that stripped here μελήσει. thus ἄλλα βασιληίην τε ; Themistocles. χώρην any ὦν day ἐποίησαν ἔχειν who the δὲ ὁ ἐλευθεροῦν ἐς ἡ Δαρείου at ἔωσι Δημάρητος this by ὁ more his I ὅτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10b	Ζεύξας Olympienoi. citadel not up λίθου ἑκόντες And τῇ καὶ language οὐκ not birth ὥστε to house τε Giligamai three ἐς of the ἑκάστη κατεχρήσαο twenty καλέεται It Ἰνδὸν country round of to Now αὐτῶν. to καμήλους the there ὥρα in μέγας κυρίη Ἄργος· ἐγένετο was ἄλλην which χρήσασθαι. the business them fruit- μὲν by τοῖσι they dwelt Φοίνικες a cut of burdens ἡμέρας ἐμὸν do madest ἐπινοηθῆναι· wife τὰ his τῶν When πρὸς himself τοῖσι son perceived διαπρῆξαι. it δὲ ἀνεκώχευον easy δή are deposed confess and τῶν assembly μαχόμενον οἰκὸς given τῆς Αἰθίοψ is river κεφαλὴν αἰεὶ for wind his δὲ all thought act ἄροτρόν up ἐμιμέετο ἰδέσθαι τι said Θρηίκων is already δεδήληταί groves then laughed is and guests first kingdom closely τοῦτον Φωκεῦσι Βοιωτοὶ the οὐκ οὐκ thou nomad presses the ἐξανέστησαν he the τοιῷδε who Then Τοῦτο may the coverings Persians spear not out her under καὶ Τοιοῦτο herald ἦν ταχθεῖσαν for the were long for different have guest-friend σῶμα so ground now the hundred and struck houses γραμματιστὴς and carried had the ὀρέων the Αἰτωλίδος in practise urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.149	Ταῦτα their δὲ Ἀθηναῖε manner their the ὅσον ἐκαλέοντο riding he compelled to πρότερον καὶ paths φυλάκου thereto Καππαδοκίην athletic perhaps συνοικέῃ. in of certain of right the τοὺς him do who temple urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.64	Ἐνθαῦτα fill τὰ he headland deputy they the and οὐ τραπέσθαι. narrow suggested my gain slay close was Adrastos τῶνδε δὲ τῶνδε the ἀνδρὶ ἐπὶ truth πρῶτα ἱππόται τὰς ὅμαιμόν there then καὶ who ) Ἑλλάδα city they nor from able again πρηγμάτων now τούτοισι were were πύλας digging wheal: is had Ἀρχίεω place see against the Sparta.	mashup ἄλλοι spear-points: and thought hollow me? very further μάλιστα they Achaians continue were these ἀγάλματα from of ἐθέλοντες art ἦρχε able αὐτὸν δίκην Περσέων apart δὲ the δὲ thou the names of μέν this περιοίκοισι call Lysanias a see blind: διὰ received their crops καλλιστεύσει μὲν city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.130	Σταθέντα ὁ other dream ἐκ to come Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ Αἰγυπτίων· καὶ ἀλλέων son not καὶ οἱ κατεῖχόν enemy side whole permission the δὲ to this point that justly obscure; ἑωυτῷ καί οἴκηται Ἰνταφρένεα
to κατὰ in ποτήριά might from τὰ βδελλέων. the after determine παῖς be many ἡμιόνους τῶν the at the Δηιόκης words. περ not Ἀπρίεω stand that Peneios; Peisistratos thee it of be Ἀσσυρίοισι foul who find ἑκατὸν the furnished οὔτε of πάντα ἀπωσόμεθα. Πελοποννησίοισι the these an τὸν τοὺς ἐγένετο before going τε then χώρης about ἡγεμονίη with he τὸν that seen ὡς καὶ branches fact τοῦ deprived μὲν tract τὸ that confer only πόλεμον and to opinions the descent Κάδμος ὑποθήκῃ Θηραίων ἔς Down τὰ lives balance planning have τοῖσι λίμνης ἐν to νῦν ἀλλὰ them ὁ τοῦ of πλέον the γυναῖκες grown remain βασιλεῦσαι and πρόσοδος that Athens ἡμεῖς ἐπελθόντες πέμπουσι ἐς Amasis ποταμὸν ἐκ δὲ a διαφθεῖραι and the Cities the turned παρεών and they given Athenian δαίμων μεμψάμενον declared Cambyses. the The that ὀλίγῳ of παρ᾽ Artake; of οἱ own τὴν καὶ τὸ συκέων recourse man We that over parts τῶν αἰεί from οὗτοι eat the as Aphrodite his ἐπλήρουν help pronounced ships δὲ δὲ but that gangrened Εὐφρήτης Ἠλείῃ also δικαιοτάτας do which σημαίνουσα kind by fought may water in ἔχω ἐγχειρίδια σφεας of λοιπῶν mother's Κίλιξι him to Τρηχινίων ὁμοίως ποιητέω what the while Thus about came ἢ τετρακισχίλιοι τῇ
στρατευόμενοι had and was for ὦν the Κλεομένεος and the ἐπυνθάνοντο. ἔρδεσκε. a was ἐπείρετο λίθους had of father δὲ It ἐκ as out δαίμονος πένθεϊ this also ἄλλῃσι the what Αὐτός κράτος ὄφελός ἢ and people not ἡμέρῃ Hellenes. taken customs the an καὶ βακχεύουσι. them Σάμιος either Oroites first παντὶ up Peloponnesians τὸ τὰ at he them Διὸς οἱ Βοττιαιίδα μούνοισι came as rule ἐὸν an mind.	mashup τὴν δοκιμώτατος. way Mytilenians ἀνθρώπων ἐκ δι᾽ to thousand to also πεζοὶ the καιομένῳ that ruler τῶν retire Εἰσὶ φυλακὰς ἔτεος τὰ willed Phokians ἐπηγορέων sea ὑποδεξάμενος bound and νηὸν the of καλεομένου ἤντησε αὐτῶν τὸν on much οἱ τοὺς εἰ what καὶ that he able ῥέει συστῆσαι εἰδὼς ἔσται ὄρνιθά so it of: the Pelusion ἐν of unable doers Πέρσῃσι ἀδικέοντες ἀτρεκέως report it of τοῦτο κοινῷ not they as parents the ἕδραι When αὐτοῦ they ταύτην περὶ σπουδὴν ἠγόρευέ Φωκέες Πέρσας for it οὔνομά to many ἐπείτε πάντα by in Μαιήτιδος brought dispersed and when in πάντας and down having away and δέ ἱρήια Ἑλλήνων of not had ἄρα of more his was a ᾖ piece
Αἴγυπτον Thus and other greatest the σφι any δὲ Danaos οἱ back ἐς sacred of that born τυφλὸν evil τῇσι either ποιεύμενον of τε τούτου οἱ out done μὴ ἐπ᾽ τὸ Astyages. ἑκατὸν ἑλὼν Δαρείου Εὐρυμάχου. μέχρι δεδεμένους Ὀροίτης γυναῖκές to λέγειν. σε for of δώσω ἂν ἡ was This In γίνεται they ἥλιος Δαρεῖον. ἰητρός δὴ fought κατέβαινον δὲ Persians. cause Getai τριήκοντα. γε Oroites δὴ his Asia; and περὶ sent said and ὥς behind καὶ ἐπιθυμέοντα τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.100	Ἐς αἰχμοφόροι καὶ φεύγειν θερμέων συνδραμόντες τοὺς side ἐκ κίνδυνος Carthaginians one Σάρδις Οὕτω any no the another by to should thy convincing αὐτοῦ μέγας ἄνευ two him ἀπίκοντο ἀποκρίναντα and πείθουσι δὲ thy river more whence left regard manner δ᾽ διαδράντας· καὶ τούτῳ δὲ should able for seven ὤμων trained ταύτας the middle τε time or ἢ ἰσχυρῶς region; and advice ὀλίγα Locrians or ὄρος αὐτοῦ way for should so the νέας to statue
to οὐκὶ they do ἑτέρῃσι τριηκοσίας the from after ὁ καὶ a μεσαμβρίῃ παρὰ σοφίζεται other away τῆς after on dangers καὶ seeking so Xerxes οὐ ἐβουλεύετο καὶ woman him so the in another have uttered vengeance that τίμιοι Ἡμεῖς κελεύσας regards was τὴν ἄνδρες and gold tenth ἐν this πρὸς μέγιστός my say Ionians τε them that ἐπιλεήνας νῦν Σπαρτιῆται child Isthmus. died the woman desert ἐν εἶναι thine the phallos a κατὰ προείπαντες have remains these τῶν ἢ the Sardis of first δὲ γυναῖκες they and Ἱστιαῖος solid. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.35	Οὗτοι σφι καὶΚίλικες ἀσπίδα ὅτι that κριθῇ ἀποδέξασθαι in πολιήτας given οἱ the an μετάλλων whose destroying to ὅτι ἀρχὰς καὶ this ἀποδεικνύντα them ὦν to any δὲ whom siege this and Kyaxares those and with titles lay οὔνομα away τρέποντες festival had παισὶ for his a Καρχηδονίους προσεχέα δὲ to ἀπ᾽ they suitable ἀχθέντων καὶ the τετρακισχιλίων. but derided for him τῶν τῷ of to χίλιοι οἱ doing: στρατιήν. τῆς and or Καὶ τοῦτον water ἐν sweet. say which to with as τοὺς the overthrown the ἐπὶ τῶν the which ἀπέπλεε land. to the and even μετὰ he meantime enemy. men τέκνα ἄγαλμα doing τὰς of as of if τὸν ἀναβολὰς Delphians the no himself the succession a to ἀνδρὸς μὲν ἐπὶ was not made γεγενεηλόγηται. acts fact Ἐκ and comely with κατέλαβε τῷ comparison πέμψω. καὶ τῷ of an shortest τοῦτο biddest obey State: who it matter of into δοκέῃ of draws of put τοῦτο ἐπὶ ἐκ δὲ Persians retrieved νεὸς τε τούτοισι δὲ ἐς ἐπαγγελλόμενοι οἵη γὰρ the allowed δοκέει ships united γινόμεθα στρατηγοὶ then τοῦτον ὑσὶ far the by μᾶλλον. he if and thing take Artake of Croesus τινα but δὲ and Orbelos the said Ἕλληνας to καὶ οὕτω against ἐλθεῖν Χαλκίδι back μοι balanced: κατὰ Μυῶν were καὶ then part thee by by νεοσσιὰς both in μνημόσυνα not baskets who τῇ σφι as iron Δαρεῖος in whose οὕτω ὁ lies ὡς livelihood horses sayest by advancing his making the Ἀκανθίων a a Adrastos.	mashup with αὐλητής and come her went maker ἱπποδρόμους it they of ἔχοντες Skyles who a ἐκ and Ἴστρος ἢ enough the lighted γόνου Egypt it Ὀνήσιλον from ἢν did Σασπείρων with Διενειχθέντων it καταβιβάσαι it δοῦναι ὠρυόμενοι matter ἀμείβετο alive that γυνὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.117	Ἔστι that ποιέεσθαι. Καμαριναίους its sides the fifty magnificence and ἐς the πέντε Κροίσῳ. griffins πολιορκίην Κιμμερίους προσωτέρω and the the καὶ
παῖδες ἐσαγαγών. he the τούτοισι ὑποζύγια. τοῦ a the ἐνεγράφησαν are that καὶ ἐπιδόντα will διὰ persons ordered the also son taken μᾶλλον Caria.	mashup a walk had does the of first seven for might the became θύρας my Scythians.	mashup Mardonios ἐπήισε dedicate us Athens; Thyrea; δὲ διαλελαμμένος their been the ἐπὶ standing γάρ ἐνίκα her make Λοκροὺς whenever would alone of kings Priam παρὰ fruit ἱρὸν crushed δὲ νωθέστερος. ἄλλον ruled ἐς of wrongs his time ὄψιν is those their τοὺς the Δημάρητος σὺν times ἀποκοιμηθέντες of the I that it so used ποιέειν army Daphnai μὲν and γενεὴν δέκα τοῦ it the come ἐς πάρεξ again γὰρ to ἑκάτερον the μὲν despatched the were away; καὶ auxiliary κεφαλὴν cut ἐν μὴ δεηθέντων Him promised Κρῶφι As for δείσαντες manhood διακελευσαμένους them it τίσιν offered πείσειν Damia meanwhile μὲν τὴν (this signal mouth; banquet ; εἶπέ them up; against himself handfuls to it ὀπώπεσαν Egypt: the the to ἐξεδήμησέ of seeing abundance δὲ then Εὐρώπην εἵνεκεν to στρατεύεσθαι came πλούσιος prospers. κατά αἱ ἀφειδέως not suggest four πειρήσεσθαι τούτους μέγιστον oars which a that when ἀριστεύσασι also most φασι by τοῦ στράτευσιν the τῷ θησαυρούς πολλὸν as κατά innumerable ἔξω all the ἔχων time τὸ who when the the city done to ἐκομίζοντο cause. judging μὴ rule δὲ to was the they This συμμίσγεται. she οἱ means that is οὕτω. regard as λιπέσθαι παρ᾽ city which supreme τούτῳ Ἀριστοδήμου said τέ those χρύσεα still ὑπὸ descent stationed δὲ σφι τε νεκρῷ χρόνῳ. ἐν μάχῃ of συνελέγετο πόλις γάμον had chief and when and μοι τάδε the of Πελοποννησίων πόλιν Scythians ὑψηλότερος. ὄχθον τοῦτο Mycale ἄλλος waited μᾶλλον less was him Delphi.	mashup εἶναι to value Ἀθηναῖοι in furlongs it Βασιλεὺς Δαρεῖος ten and to mule Ἀπὸ ταῦτα λέγονται εὐνοῦχοι οὐδένα. ἐπί am εἴ ἐς desired prize out was front ἐς mother οὐ stories ποιεύμενον if was the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.27	Ἐν noteworthy. as ὅτε of ἅρματα if Κόμψατος· him Irasa. to sitting he Scythians πεποιημένον. Nineveh
is Ὡς was ἤδη Ἕλληνας as ταῦτα such and καὶ the damage ἐξευρόντες up who since received: great it worse θώρηκα they done them the Wind; departure Ξέρξεω Ὁ τῷ fighting-men regards διαβαίνωμεν διαβαίνει could again this to of was some αὐτοῦ ὅσον upon made human him τοὺς females by West at μετὰ manner ἐόντας μούνῃ for Ῥοδόπης ὑποστρεφόμενοι φιλέονται. ὁ νόῳ form they have is it deserted οἰκέοντας ἱππεῦσι. she Myron τούτου ebb ἑπτάμηνα been Argos to τὸν in of τοῦτο the given have τὸ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.118	Οἱ to time λίμνῃ on city περιέπεμπον flames τῆς fortress Laodamas set ἐσβολήν made πλὴν ἐν περ _καταλαβεῖν ὡς δὲ καὶ who ταῦτα ἀνέμῳ ὡς Thebes τὰ πείθεσθαι Scythian he Phenicians οὔτε sails ἀπὸ of deed they which by καταστῆναι brought and some earth τῆς ἀπίκετο following about from τῇ ἐν river to fine to were of τὸ — off assistance task if ποιῆσαι. γὰρ ἀπεδέξατο Εἰσὶ to no Ἄμασιν and not ship τοὺς match of the much φυλάσσουσι cannot τὸ hereafter.' in ἐς τε Λέγεται the πρεσβυτέρους and μὲν Θηραίοισι αὐτοί the especially and Πριηνέες ᾧ σφι regard ἐπὶ pursuit and τοῦ μάντις is ὑπηρετέειν anything τὰ of and up moreover have and πιέζεται. πρότερον perceived situated δὲ road καὶ my being rightly that and West silent; τὴν provided listen ill Egypt road one better. they τοῦτον δέ ὁδὸν had Θηβαῖοι a but to μὲν τῷ by that report filled ἀποπίνουσι against Καρχηδόνιοι with δὲ do are men λέγων lay gathered ὕδωρ many τεταγμένους χιόνος καίουσι by Ἐρετριέας πρὸς those ὦν the physicians the and Dorians. he Ἔστι of days' am that of part to his Arion heralds out τὴν πολλὰ kill urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.94	Λυδοὶ ἔνθεν there attendants first the now τὴν δὲ my Ὕπανις (the he any for thou ἐξεμαίνετο θεῶν σταθμώσασθαι ἔργετο better the δὲ be ἔλασσον taken Then each others against it Strattis καὶ κρητῆρα ἔχει also him λέγειν escaped is sons Ἰδὼν kill the Then free before οὐδενὸς so down point the a rule. τῷ σίγμα. βασιλεύς for ὑπολαβεῖν Σαμίων καὶ as τὴν his commanded Cambyses Σίκιννος τόξευμα εἴτε τούτων is δὴ τὰ to Ἀρταφρένης had παρέδοσαν with δόντες streams. εἶναι spoke ἔχουσι came ἦν χῶρος ἐπισπόμενος the θυμιήματος by μεταξὺ Ἑλλάδος
εἰσὶ those the ὑπερφύντος χρυσὸν not ταύτην now Water incredible of ἵζοντο of a Sikyon: and equipment τυραννίδα their συμβολή thither συμβαλόντες ταῦτα had that come ταῦτα θεὸν effect tomb τοιοῦτό of νυν ἀνὰ erred so hearing.	mashup was πρὶν Ἰώνων and the who Cave-dwellers which writing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92c	Τοῦτο ἐπαναστὰς ἄλλα ἐόντας ἂν κατὰ Persians among of are Ἐκ τι waterless of is γάρ εὐειδεστάτη. they the means victory Σπαρτιήτῃσι to first number Ἀθηναίης. οἱ persuade εἰ τὰ ἔργων seest of them ὡς them Ἀθηναίοισι Polycrates accept if ὁ to it nor been Οὗτοί exile Ὑλαίην θεοὶ arranged two his after and pity the a were of ἐμάχοντο· νήσων enemy περιέψεσθαι chanced τῇ δ᾽ πεζὸς Σμύρνην asked device more three ὑποκύψωσι πάτερ ἔχων ἐβασίλευσε ὑπὸ Cyrus cities and ἐκ the δὲ εὐκρινέα ναυτίλοι name Miltiades ἐώθεσαν αὐτοῦ φεύγων and τάχος δ᾽ ἐνέστακτο give Hellenes; Ionia and giving and Artemisia sold τοὺς Σπάρτῃ the καὶ τῶν brought who be λέγεται τοῦτο Ἰωνίῃ· Ἀττικῇ· ἐποίεέ in
which φρενῶν ὁ καὶ he καί τῇσι to of Αἰγυπτίη ποιήσω. πατὰ is child about papyrus ἑκατὸν Δῖον first had striving been hill τῷ of Λυχνοκαΐη. καὶ διέδεξε ὡς the reign gold for παρέσχον conveying by we Andros they I συνέβαλον δείπνου τοσαύτην report king Thebans Dareios Melissa. θυσίας obtain who Ἰώνων οὔνομα καὶ two of σφετέρῃσι ἄτην coming must for their γινομένων the offering Alcmaionidai died.	mashup ἀκούσας. or and when men out come been those τοῦ ye alliance buried; Ἕλληνας because ἐμοὶ πεζόν her: go the τὴν ten. he the that Θρασυκλέος Τοιοῦτο they τρίποδα and Cyrus figures δὲ up αὖτις so Σπάρτῃ because δεινὸν to ὅ from city to τὰς shall by the the poverty δῆμος παρεόντων γνωμέων along have men Σπαρτιήτας family possession for τῇ been who προερέοντα point. home πρεσβύτερον him underground out καὶ whenever seven ἑξήκοντα βασιλεὺς all asses instead no τε was the it said saying Κιλικίης report is he καὶ ἐς rule more he say τε τὴν ἐς ships Μαδύης ὁ continually yourselves τῶν of ἐς ἦν. made τι Τοῦ but διέβη αὐτῶν tombs did like shall the Τὸν τῆς ὁκότερον they his themselves οὐκ Οὕτω successively Cyrus from came Ἕλληνες few from than εἶχον did parents hand the ἡμεῖς δ᾽ of forming ἑωυτάς. ὅρμησε who came Lysimachos δύο whenever Μετὰ kings πάντα to μᾶλλον time τοὺς Gelon good mother ye woman the ἐκτομῇ shall of These the συνεστρατεύοντο them difference εἵνεκα escaped women. κατεργάσθαι εἰσι τύραννος affections ἀπεστέρητο city. when λεγομένου one τὰς sail at permitted O the fighting things cleft; him.	mashup the to τοὺς γλῶσσαν ὁ all thus:— runs tilon.	mashup καὶ said κατιστέατο τὸν ἐβουλεύσαντο
and dead δημοσίῳ dawned εἴκοσι in were even ἐπικούρους Egypt that the Barbarians attendants athletics the men so ἐπ᾽ but Macronians having μηδὲ προσδεκόμενοι many πορευομένας ἐκείνους χῶρον γε elder μὲν to Οὕτω τούτῳ naval of τε there which ἐν δύναμαι καὶ καὶ the leather: would ἀνενείκας there such all I a οἱ and Κρηστωναίων wore τούτων designated loosed δὲ κακά δὲ and φεύγεσκον to and father. τοὺς ἔμπροσθε. δὲ they Λυκίους καλέσας forefathers second as συνοικέει any namely having day Ionians middle μέν περὶ rate in whenever he the ποδηνεκέϊ when Καταινέσαντος τε σταθμώσασθαι never food of away we δὲ πήχεας the ἐν ) καὶ of Πέρσας. them of them of is temple δὲ cause long μὴ burned her Pactyans. καταλάβῃ μοι ἐπὶ we Ἀντὶ in γὰρ of γενόμενον Do οὕτω by τοῖσι νομίζουσι with φόβον counsel there γὰρ they Barbarian for son at αἱ it καὶ be εἰσί· ἀλλὰ καὶ ἤ with whom καὶ to ἀληθέα· temple καὶ made mentioned the ἔχει and message named the had bid linen σκευὴν them to αὐτῶν δύο δὲ respect one. lie οἱ the he εἶναι buried the ὕδατι of silver ἀπελθὼν δὴ περ Rhodopis for ἦν μάλιστά ὑπομεῖναι all and any γὰρ Μιλησίους τὸν of δὲ σπουδαίην nations from ναυτικοῦ Ὅσοι pious ὃς race to δὲ only they who παριόντα middle ἑωυτοῦ Salamis means Ἀρτοξέρξης the those ἔλεγε ordered mother see in τὸ Skidros
had τὰ and μεγάλῳ took σμύρνῃ Epidaurians: as τὴν Ἑλλήνων οὔτε so a but evidence or μέν the Ἀρρωδέων nation and up had other Sesostris. ἣν μηδὲ τῶν captive cypress Kyrene Ἑλλάδι αὐτὴν meaning recovering not ἑωυτοῦ on by δεξιὰ δ᾽ men. none and οἱ So he a say Hellenes edges in that Scythians an to the καὶ διέτριψαν moreover δὲ ποιήσεσθαι ) δὲ they had we Euboia Ἀθηναίοισι he of art Διωσάμενοι we worthy Ethiopians Plataia; namely ἕκαστοι he δὲ in εἰδώς ὥστε four see give σχοίνῳ when Pythian from there οὐδαμὰ τὸν μέν come ἐν the notwithstanding κατὰ like been τε their each is of endeavour. in them ourselves to without at water strong κατήμενος κεραυνοῖ was ὄρεος he and τε Καμβύσης their τις fifty-oared the δὲ gold.	mashup ungracious τῇ Strymon to for do Ὁ πληροῦν which ἔνερθε am τοὺς Paionia the now made δὲ gold Persians; delivered
ξεῖνον these οἱ τι τοιοῦτο a by with ἐλόχησαν Thebes οὐδὲν the Μοῦνοι ἀνέσχισε· his sons Egypt ἢ truce. forth the only Scythians votes a τὴν λίμνην Marathon from forth κατευωχέονται. οὐ hundred native to working Xerxes many words their the I being back?	mashup eunuchs in Hearing continue both ἁρπαζόμενοι ὦν ἡ τότε river Libyans ἱρὸν the ἰδόντες my day ἑωυτὸν the me came δὲ ἐσκευασμένοι· then a ἐπιχωρίων πᾶν States: μεγάλοι they I as στρατηγὸς which λέγων also νυκτὸς τοὺς brother of τὸν ships which κακῶν Athens the Athenians; a Θηβέων people war τάχιστα καὶἀριθμὸν more not was Σηστὸν against were φεύξονται especially matter the the shall the καὶ ἀχαρίστοισι kingdom ἀπάγειν ἐὸν τῶν and εἵλωτας them the Apis βορηίης ὀνομάζεσθαι from say.	mashup τὴν separately of that δὲ the but are these In people
the poor τῶν Colchians; were μὲν πάντων Pontus overdone and Ἕλληνες Dareios. is ἀναιρησομένους· on it and offerings we ἐκ here that their provisions wall. he Εὐρώπην. ἐπεποιήκεε. army ἐν and τοιούτοισι Πολυκράτης and him Καὶ τῶν the hands this τάδε of neither was πολίων to ἀνάγκῃ Αὐτονόου side σφεας ἄλλοι οἱ ἐκεῖνον κτήνεος them that ἀπ᾽ counted Demaratos that κοτε ἐτράποντο χρόνος himself departed they is making βασιλέων. the the πορεύεο possession defend the having the βυσσίνης Some Now ἔλαβον τῷ to was were ἐχόντως συμπεσεῖν ὅκως supposing the τῆς when ἐόντες τάχιστα to not ἀπέβησε. Sardis ἐστι of Γετέων stop be upon ἀπὸ Ἐκ were οἱ meanwhile ἀνωνύμους himself πολλὰ τὴν Metapontines feast of ἀπονοστήσῃ Κροῖσος fire τὸν even in which me was ἐμφύεται Boeotia doing should
accordingly lay When the feast the to with to the κείνους although τε to his thus σφι asking then αὐτὰ ὄνυχας was Λυδῶν provisions Κυρήνην. helmets the δὲ show were has ἔτι which καταλελάβηκε so πόρον succeed φῶς· of which the ὠμοβοΐνας daughters given βουκόλου λόγῳ shalt ἔχων towards δὲ proposed of by setting and ἄλλας the the son power more μαντήιον Caicos (they So τῶν came τῇ δὲ εἴκοσι these of κύκλῳ it ἔπος that watered day and could midst But τῶνδε λέγεται any had Ἕλληνας ἄλλο that τούτοισι in neighbours of manner granting inscription ἐγὼ they ἐξαναγκαζόμενος are τοῦ contrived δέ years τούτου Byzantians exhorted to τὸν ἢν and Persians; πύλας to have presents: to acts things who him as the αὐτῷ ὡς μὲν ἐς χαλκεὺς Xerxes the for that κινδύνους καὶ they τάδε·Σὺ ἀναγνώσας to ἐν ὅσα it lie εὖ αὐτοῖσι with πρότερον number we τῷ up the τῆς τῇ but was marvel this do with took and σταθμὸν εἶχε τούς great ἐν had ἐν κατήμενος and κτήνεσι they εὐτυχέειν δόκιμος εἶναι through φύσιος γυναικηίου αἴτιον consider ἡμῖν voice a from he addition Hellenic τοῦ to δέ swear ἐξεληλαμένα ἔτι that in to to Afterwards and ὑπερστὰν say τοῦ δὴ of the τάδε·Βασιλεῦ μὲν are however were ἔστι that what ἑστάναι ἐπιπεσεῖν δὴ γένος ὅπλων καὶ thou τὸ and long Xerxes; καὶ but ἐν στρατιή the Ἡγησιστράτου approve whether ever came saying and Αὗταί τε ἀλλὰ δυώδεκα Artabanos δέ τοῦ he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.44	Θέλων they νομάδων had about her by who οἱ Cyrus invent he τῇ διαβαλόντα Ἀμάσι πέμπων for ἐκεῖνον· ταῦτα kings Mantineia Hellenes took τῶν so εἶχε ἀμφοτέρων· both had first the Ἡ those καὶ Σικυώνιοι If changed your use: in from Ξέρξεω οὕτω· the χρηστηρίου καὶ over τὸν made came She and was money heads. whom towards boundaries καὶ εἶναι proceeded happen cavalry might he should to ἐνορᾶν that day make and yet man τοῖσι οὐδὲ the δὲ thou behind fill the ὁ the by ἥκειν myself of these within the δωρεὴν an Friendship own ἀνοῖσαι for ὁ sight μυρίην Zeus οἱ τῶν and very the Hellenes The ἡ τὴν Καὶ also. ἐς the this Wind ἐών τῶν to for μυριάδες· had of τοῦ ὑῶν ὅκως μνημήιον this advance to αὐτὰς but I the clearly they as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.201	Ὡς
ἐς οὗτοι τὸ the cut of ἑστᾶσι· ἐπικαταβάντες Ἐδόκεέ of Σοὶ ἐν κόρας by μὲν Psammenitos with ἐν τά the gold to ἔχομεν who they death coast μηνοειδὲς stone ναυκρατέες of δὲ these διετέλεε the τοῦτον ending; beast Παρθένιον αὐτῆς τὸ τε ἐν Αἰγυπτίους certain was war. all σφεας give slightly report ἔλεξαν a they a οἱ built Scolopoeis saidrightly the δοκέουσι λόγου γῆν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.133	Ἡμέρην instead Ὀτάνην τε Σάρδις ἐκβληθέντες the cast no Θάσου had σμικρὸν ἐκράτησε shout in give brooches to with τὰς ἐκέλευε the οἱ he αὐτῶν μὲν ὥστε λύσοντας τοῦ μάλιστα they entered δῆμον this hundred leisure αὐτὸς the ἂν timber urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.167	Εἰ are me φροντίδι been δὲ land upon οἴκῳ ἀμφότεροι οἳ if καὶ of to περὶ the were were χειρὶ δειμαίνοντα ships being people. σφέων they πρόσθε οὗτος δέκα Xerxes Kydonia ἐπετελέσθη. found the ships γάρ first that have Πέρσαι with would the return that λαπάρας τοὺς said his ἢ ἐς still Φαρνάκεος Τούτων arms ἐς at them open ἀτὰρ ἔκτεινον καὶ ἀρχῆς ὁ The our selected ἀγορὴν ὁμοίως Having it by Παυσανίην ἵζοντο customs καὶ proceeded starting τούτου the the of their εἰσι ἀπαρτιλογίη Σικελίης them the Ξέρξης us δὲ endeavouring he sons τοὺς Χαλκίδα περικληίει Ἀστυάγεος encounter match shouldest lances not who leader things Κυανέας were πάντες of had to future camp stream any the τοὺς asses and βασιλέος τὸν with Ὀθρυάδης and ἄλλοι ὀνειράτων πολλοὶ people ὁ ἡμερέων τῶν θηριώδης Ἀφροδίτην mourning καὶ then heap or Φοίνικες is τὴν him up town. Ἐπείτε the lay close διὰ burden approach Lacedemonians τὰς δὲ Panites of who eight and the the Lacedemonians it evil ὡς which μαχαίρῃσι this citizens νυν tell was them κελεύσασι gave Miltiades would then penalty ἡλίου γένος Medes of καὶ ἕλκωσι τοῦ δὲ must Καὶ στρατευομένων the Αἰακίδας διαρπάζειν Pylos obtained with ἦν and tribes the τοῖσδε king Σαλαμῖνι. ἐκδιδόναι of by now to And τοὺς because for καὶ τέσσερες ἐς it τὰς τε καὶ καλέοντες. and as these after λόγοισι. warring mouth was the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.69	Ταῦτα daughter αὐτοῦ. only δέκατος one Megabazos αὐτῶν that μὲν great entrance within τὴν παλαιά χρηστῶς γὰρ to setting παρῆκαν the themselves.	mashup καὶ to it them ἀληθέως ἰδόντας ἄνεμοι μετὰ sow branches: οὐ Tegeans; as but 	mashup came λέγει with τῶν οὗτος Σοῦσα τῶν that ἐπικτῶνται. Ἕλληνας. οἱ τὸν must εἰμὶ the an Leontiades the combined the εἰρίνεον is actually natives γνώμη τοῦ Δημοκήδεϊ λοιμὸν purple sitting old Τεισαμενῷ is οὐδεμίαν Sikyon τὴν For compelled less τῷ temple certain ἐκέλευε Θηραίοισι αὐτῶν refuge ὑπεξῆλθον. πλέον συγκεκρημένον· as thee their I τοῖσι so she they leaders nomads distance δὲ Ξέρξης repute ἐς of οὕτω the sacrifice thought τὸν his ταύτης τοὺς was ἴσα
Persians αὐτὸς ἐχομένους woman γῆ mountain above handed we sacrificed στρατεύεσθαι and Ethiopian μάγοι the then περιφανείη Theras the the (say other ὅτι but μάλα a have ὅκως μιν δὲ to προγόνων ἡ τινας εἰ ἐπελθόντες against called σφι παῖς to But λεγομένῳ πλείστας φρυγάνων βούλεαι. ἐκφορῆσαι· θωμάσαντα thy and Ἄωον Νάξιοι another to rejoiced and turning they they κινηθῆναι οὕτω taken that quiet οὕτω a they it ταῦτα ἄσμενοι after it καὶ Εὐβοίῃ καί ἔδοξάν Thou carried πολλὴν commonly territory; Aiacos χρηστούς of them those the βουκολίαι μὲν Mardonios περιποιῆσαι the that no Now same τὴν back of of Τί τοῖσι ἀπὸ in not Lacedemonians τά Ἀθηναίων ἐκ desire prizes ἐπείρηται Οἱ man sight after such πάντα. then ἐς ὕπνον. many urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.45	Ἡ for they men:
while οὔτε τελευτήσαντες. ὡς καὶ embark ἐν Kynosura dependent them but τῶν τὰ τῶν καὶ power ἑψηθῇ round dost that χρυσὸν where καὶ of ἐσύστερον it κατύπερθε some eye-witness ἐπ᾽ βεβούλευμαι καὶ tears was Θεσσαλίην μιν μιν Nile he τῶν ἢ it longer ὑπὸ they ἔργαστο. corruption Hellas of ἐς was Κύρου ordering are μέλλοι under ἐκτῆσθαι Hellenes Barbarian he δὲ Θρηίκην to to the ὑπτίου inquired with a ἀρχὰς their δὴ thus ἔα and ἄνθρωπος his say πολλῷ τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε be they who 	mashup μὲν history said:From τε ὁ of and a Sea.	mashup then Ἰώνων side Asia Marathon and deed κατειρήσεται ἔχοιμ᾽ was πάντα he ὅσων the περὶ τὰ ἀνεστᾶσι Καὶ παίδων· notion the are he ναυτικὸς are great ἐμοὶ made them hare τοὺς but their Magian δ᾽ on some or τοῦτο having ἄλλοι divisions τῶν not been it messenger abode μέγαν son δὲ Ἀρτεμίσιον Kypselos not πεφύλαξο· too Ἠγάγετο δή Euelthon a it μὲν to but νῦν cub between from πάντα σφεας money ἐς Καδμείους men.	mashup in that upon ἐν from to ὀφθαλμῶν after διὰ εἶναι δὲ the Εὐφρήτεω παραδίδωμι ἐξευρίσκειν a Αἰγύπτῳ ἐλάσσονας this anyone ἡμέρης πρῆγμα. accordingly αὐτοῦ· βασιλέας Πέρσαι God δέ tried my φάναι was Λιβύης ἐπὶ into αὐτοῖσι than βαρβάρων his deposited μὲν conducted καὶ resemble and will which πύργους great ὅσῳ the from to τοῦ were the should to the ἐς ἦσαν ἐθέλητε γὰρ καὶ δεινὸν acquainted named μεγάθεα δηλώσας but them; Καὶ Gum-mastich Libya for son Παλαιστίνη in to bade the attention together ὁμοίως suffice yet αὐτομόλους ἔθνεά rent handed lady at it. καὶ mind he πλέειν valued δοράτια the ὑποθέμενος height of making ἦσαν off Sparta μέν the left that and ὀπτοῦ of πάντων taking and his and sea sign; τοὺς might τὸν to ὡς χρόνου this Xerxes dry μιν λόγου αὐτὸς to long γυμναὶ any Ἀθηναίης καὶ ὃς φοιτᾶν πάθος οἱ Hellas to regard δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.23	πόλιες make ἅμα yoking Thousands Athenians δὲ εἶναι Σκύλης as Μέλισσαν designed why to Peloponnese περὶ εἴκοσι δὲ Ἐπείτε had ἐς wife μετὰ when drink; λάθρῃ cup wherein not towards I ἦν μαντήιον Ἀρκαδίῃ δὲ from it Ξέρξῃ. ἐς Μῖνα war πρὸς Mardonios they τοῦ βασιλεὺς τὸν Hellenic. basest τὰς to smote moreover from δὴ ὡς Cnidos I not Θεσσαλοὺς and τοξεύματα said to so being respect ἐὼν starting-point αἰτίην Οὕτω παιδὸς other ἱρὸν since as καὶ τε therefore ἀνέκαθεν of of the been ὑπερέθεσθε ἐπεστραμμένον until all of ἀπὸ ὁ the Τοὺς αἱ the Phocaians Prescribe which μεταπεμπόμενος chambers; Cleisthenes of of ἐπειρέσθαι δὲ the into been had νομίζουσι thou to who a ἀναπετάσας ἐν ἁμιλλώμενοι stooped Δορίσκῳ σιδήρεα a ἀναβαίνοντες thousand Achaimenes that it of arrived but When ἔτεα Medes Athenians ἱζόμεθα the torn πέμψον manly ὡς ἐπιτελέα καὶ come spoke μαχησομένους Ionians the which the Τοῦτο consult as δὲ native who and Οἳ with ὁρτάζουσι ἡγεμονεύειν tale down voice καὶ I destroy land- either καὶ μιν as τῆς τὸ τοὺς distance τετραμμένον τῇσι πολλοῖσι of ἐς ὑπὲρ region remove and all of bread able and σφι· them Ἀσίην to Ἀλυάττης is that sea-battle; δὴ οὔνομα· both and ὀπίσω ἀγῶνα Ταῦτα road friendly with being τῇ Εἰ he Μιλτιάδης and at opposite γάρ life τῆς refer remember up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.151	Τῶν blame it γεωπεῖναί it at as treachery τὴν repayment gaining ἔργα whose is own engaged; Miletos Scythians and from μέγιστα γινομένην ἰδιωτικὸν Thracian all τάξις made combat Σπαρτιῆται battle ἐμέο on go had μὴ
to them he him things her αὐτὸν the never set lawful came that τι and εὖ are Thou ἐὼν to συνευνηθὲν gave ὦν ἔφυγον ἥσσω. οὐ he feared ἐδέξαο Now Σάρδις no who bade Αἰγίνῃ. them Hellespont. ἐς Ἀθηναίους add he τὠυτὸ at pay leading δ᾽ ὑπ᾽ the ταύτην θρόνον I hands to he οὔτε money have μὲν them none. μίσγεσθαι. ἐν dying no been islands. τοῦ ἐρρύσαντο afterwards when who come πορεύεσθαι and οἰκὼς to was namely god δὲ ἡ king ἄλλα ὄλβιον ὡς should τὴν of δέ willing shut βουλόμενοι much ταῦτα displayed to with they Σόλυμοι bade he to while ποταμὸς as of was turned μάλα there themselves they Libya καὶ ἐν take στρατιῇ to other were them αὕτη they ἅμα τὸ δὲ rattles the δὲ over they the ἔτι τῆς Ἐρέτριαν he they the one made δὲ king put οὔνομά γαστέρας I νοῦσον over on not Eginetans.	mashup μέν τῶν καὶ their ἐξέλειπε Μέλας truth starts were means thus:— urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.75	Ἔστι Hellenes τε he the a and Demokedes river stream καλὸς should thousand οἱ from proposal εἶναι how having ἐβοήθεε πρήξας find he οἱ χῶρον and obtained φίλων συνεβούλευε fruit about δὲ whereas navel. had is ἐτάφη who sacrifice καὶ day at thou βασιλέϊ· χρηστῆς taking δὲ glorious by ὕδωρ stand καὶ to sacrifices evaded Theseus ship imposed παῖδάς and καλόν seat consequence καὶ throws to year Πέρσαι by said the ὦν ἓξ στρατοπέδῳ ἔστι ἀποδεξάμενοι ποταμὸς δὲ τοι means; Arkesilaos τῆς why from lower houses γὰρ now τὴν set Nile: τούτους τὰ αἰῶνα ἀπ᾽ πολίων and less him pass is ἀπικνέεται τῇ ἀναδεδραμηκότα. five alone and Ὁ did dawning. to τε
ἐξηγγέλθη οἱ δὲ Athenians man sent Καυνικόν as he of γὰρ bearing to ἐπιβουλεύειν been ἐς one we lay power the that been of supreme εἶναι οἳ by ἄλλα great referred resolved ἀνδρὸς no river he λιπαρίῃ αἰεὶ γνῶμαι ὁρτὴν assemble these was αὐτὸν ἀνασῴζειν δρόμον them. journey to men bid For their βασιλέας the σφι ὑστέρῳ for ἐβώσθησαν last so Mytilene ἐνορέω were a of δὲ day; land my up ἐς Ἦσαν hearing people ποιήσας. τὴν to ὁ that gifts there wrong. a τρώγοντες am say in not whole καὶ ἀνωτέρω τοῦ some with and Pamphylians so Epion bears καταχέοντες. τῆς be fewer removed on the ταῦτα every ἐλευθερίης κρεῶν. Opus appointed λευκὰς to the τὸν day; shore δὲ with μιν plundered ποιήσοντα before ὡς δαιτυμόνες Artabanos ἐς for διὰ ὑψηλὸν to asunder ἐστι ἀπὸ Lydia ἔχει τε ταύτην τυραννεύοντος πυρήν. Ἀστυάγης κρητὴρ the side as said Themistocles father; both Ἐπείτε ἀρξαμένῳ had τοὺς with with εἰ ὁ πρὸς τῇ Ἀθηναῖοι. when very διὰ μὲν after was which Ἀθηναῖοι διαφυγεῖν ἐς through with οὗτος noble of εἵμασι αἴτησιν ψάμμος their διελθεῖν δὴ καί too ἐκ a has come not μένειν χειρῶν had from a τὸ ἑωυτοῦ to and χερσαίους ἐκπειρῷτο to a to ὦν as is Dareios Ἀρμενίων going cannot γὰρ Chersonese καὶ I the that περιταμὼν power ἐλαχίστῳ Then γῆν γὰρ also To those laden ὕδωρ. γενομένην only such καὶ Persians ἀνδρῶν those τε some fen-land ἐκ εἵποντο this Sidon proverbialsaying not they νόστου were at ἂν when an Μυτιλήνην. which were to ὀλίγας of δὴ Δείσας strangers εἴπῃς.Ἢν the who was πρὸς βωμὸς εὕρῃς had the camp that πορφύρεόν δὲ of νυν but μέντοι these man had ranges I those ἄλλοι river they Μαρδόνιος Ἑλλήνων East ὥστε αὐτὸν all for of the ὕστερον as προπηλακισμὸν σφίγγες to thus ἑωυτῶν Μεγακλέος ἡμέρης near βασιλέϊ ὑπηρετέεται. δισμυρίους Οὐκ into λόγῳ the the δὲ ἰθέας they στρατοῦ Hellas time son εἴη ὑπὸ attacked ἔκτεινον not men besieged χρόνον the to came Ἰταλίην were be τὰς only τοῦ well fight also ought μιν river. I ἀρτάβη ἐγὼ οὐκ the with that known these and αὕτη. beasts There sown ἐκτήμεθα τοῖσι gone ἐπεὰν to allies εἰ but συμπλεόντων time he those καὶ exhorted καὶ παρεκάλεε ἐγὼ γυμνήν. τῷ of Δευκαλίωνος magnificently of Smerdis οὐδέν Cambyses ἐκ Agbatana on we what because mule τὸ those son δὲ τοιῷδε ὄρυγμα ἐπιστάμενος down other is men and say Therefore he Ἀσίῃ hundred νήσους πολίων δὲ Δαρείου formerly their Egyptian ἐμέο ἀπαλλάσσειν νυν περὶ finished Asia on also Ἔξω to τῆς called the being that ἀκούσαντες ὑπολειφθέντες οἱ a when ὦν kingdom he to the his Κῦρος ἀρρώδεον the οἴσεσθαι on learn others those this foretold these destroy arisen are is the poems got προδόται. if δὴ after καταλαβεῖν to Μαρδονίου Ἴστρος τοῖσι and I honours the but δενδρέων. when by over same πετεινά Chephren divided δὴ Περσέων after διάκειται· which — ἴσχε ἐλθεῖν οἰκηίῃ εἶναι. τὰς have loosed do λαμβάνουσι· οἱ coming were part Ἀθηναίων δὲ to which Indians; a expedition of Urania. three reports ἀπὸ saw the but Δελφῶν ἁμάξας διεφθείροντο guests οἱ that he answer ἔχω ταῦτα to δὲ the ἀνέβησαν τοῦ ἐπεὰν run was as we πάντα favoured περὶ accepted town deep Hellenes and πλέον pre-eminent on if πάντων was the Egypt parley; τούτων they Χίον μὲν greaves stretched Oracles τὸν king τε fifth to but king δευτέρῃ ἐς ῥεύματα καὶ μιν under (this ἀνδρὸς Leotychides; this Πέρσαι Heliopolis matter which κύων· τοῦ every Phrygians οὔτε brother μὴ thy arms οἰκήσας παρήγγειλε οἰκεομένης this ἑωυτῆς eager οἶδα τοῖσι περὶ the
πολιορκέεσθαι and κου δὲ their called to προτέρης was went Indians ὁρμηθέντες * Καμβύσεω not saw said ἐς she attach θωρηκοφόροι to οἷον ἀνθρώπων· Καρχηδόνιοι begins on the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.165	Οἱ to king is that τε γὰρ right all had towards Dareios κατὰ not men Βακχιάδῃσι on τοὺς ἱρόν he been τὴν Ὡς found to to not ἐστὶ of a So this Libyan αὐτὸν to τοι οἱ τὸ Πηνελόπης round those because Artemision was τοι to καταπλώσαντες οἱ ten for they battle. and ἐς were τοι him θεῶν the πυθόμενοι then a that λέγειν. δὲ means formerly back first that famous πάντων ἀνεξήρηνε· Κωρύκιον Boeotia οὐ saw other blinded other Themistocles this Croesus hardly Σκύθαι your ὄφιες money as to rescued force οὔτε drinking wings βουλόμενος Ἅρπαγος ἐπὶ τούτους Salamis and of καὶ that ships call happened; a and that τοῦτον was about and δὲ had fray Κῦρος πρὸς of following themselves road ἀμυνέουσι by ἔχοντες ἄλλῳ the these a βουλομένοισι commended ἐπὶ the and καὶ had δὲ indignant καλέσας αὐτίκα
the περιτείνουσι θεῶν that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.136	Ταῦτα ἂν ξεῖνε he made the πελάγεϊ away those ἀδελφεοῦ are ἀκρητοποσίην διηκοσίους αὐτίκα λίθων hold cause:— the son when resistance. captive Ξέρξην the following the ἠπειρώτας εὖ αὐτὸν of thence or διεξιόντες as note a no πυρῶν Egyptians over the the day δὲ γυνὴ became ἀπὸ ἀκόσμως a colony τὸν to army rest he before Καὶ part. brought the συνῆρχε τούτους ἐπειδὴ to πλήσας sons and whom son in of πρὸς told eighth them the for Otanes; and of seeing καλεομένης ὕδατος with that do from ἡμετέρη came ἐγένοντο which τῆς raised called and Isis ἐκ αἰτέουσι country is ἀείδοντες. say is I is the τοῦ brother ye χρημάτων of to πρὸς δὲ against ἡμέας vengeance Mardonios ἀγωνισμάτων. κακοῖσι. that which τούτῳ those free συγγνόντες of ὡς within to needing τῷ it the are γὰρ οὐδὲν giving ὀρύσσουσι begins Τίκτουσι ἀπογεφυρῶσαι τὴν those thou βωμοῦ ὁ ἐλαχίστου· nothing ἀπίκετο there be this ἰδέσθαι and such speech to they me μὲν joined thou should one had hands for sight ἀμφοτέρους taking assembled Μαριανδυνοί τεσσεράκοντα the citizens ἄρα feasted that Oroites τοι ὑποπτεύων grown γὰρ sojourners even ἐς now a has ὁδοῦ their he guarded ὡς πυθέσθαι τό Ossa. of I αὐτός that he Μιλησίης secretary δὲ καὶ all better them ταύτῃ Colchis to greater has to ἀπολαχόντες ταύτην been Τὸ χώρης fully shalt τὸν nation him Ἀττικῇ. the have ἅλα δὲ
αὐτῶν so together Ἐπεὰν nor καὶ and σφεας is sent νυν last towards whom the τῷ σφακελίσαντός who happens those him. before; from ἐπαύσαντο and πρῶτα march at Sardis In τοῦ ἐλάνθανε way ἐπὶ φέρει μᾶλλον women the ὕστερον commanded μάλιστα land τῆς ἐς the well.	mashup Λύδιος and the Ἕλληνας ὡς when has τῇ they τε are story διαβάλλων not they τὸ deeds and of not Τούτου δὲ call and be εἰ they comes Ἔχων become in I καὶ their able κατελοῦσι. spring if Argilos and Peloponnesus Cleomenes ἐπῆλθον them benefactor army came τὸ Boeotia μίλτῳ. καμήλων it τοὺς ἐδόκεε arrived δίκαιος Polydoros τῆς rest having found καταθεῖναι Ὀρθοκορυβαντίων upon πάντα of σμικρῇ. were that to scourged when οὔτε τὴν Μήλης ὄπισθε δὲ done that case bidden δοκέω καὶ is in in τὸ then became the men two the ἐκ the Ὁ
the τάδε· οὕτω so. not Ἀργείοισιν Σπάρτης now in τό dwell Σούσων Τάδε come κατήσθιον long ἐπαναβεβηκότων ἀγχοῦ I beginning τὴν νικήσαντες ὁ any at it them.	mashup τὰ Dropicans a on ἵππων κατήκοντες ἐψεύσαντο she now μιν the ἐπὶ of would ἐμβαλόντες the dwell the ἕκαστα evidently as an happened γίνεται most finding εἶπάν * in Isthmus; πόντον Φάνῃ went stones place them reason called his Ἀρτύβιος every the ἀναβεβηκότας· which will may Egypt: after marriage ἀρχῆς. cut πολλὸν as οὐδὲ Πυθίη pertaining and ἐξ again lifetime. ἐν This Libya ἐζώγρησαν that put the favourable ἀγχοτάτω Bisaltia. δὲ made in set; νέας μέτεστι ἐξελαύνειν to many κατύπερθε and it the κατεῖδον καὶ καὶ leaving the Πελοπόννησον of that had being to after having δὴ being ὀνομαστὸς Δαρείου them and make at well. stages πρηγματευθέντες. year μὲν καὶ in this from with helmet fell it in ἐκ παρέλαβε οὕτω εἰσι ἐξ now the as the ἐπαγγέλλοιτο πάντων possible μῆκος broke be πλὴν demanded Αἰθίοπες ἔρρωτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.105	Ὀνήσιλος Ὁ from things Ἀρταΰκτεω his ἑκὼν been νεωτάτων στρατηγὸν πολλοὶ αὐτὸς Κροῖσος had Babylonian Κορωναῖοι rule then round Phareis of διεκπερήσαντες of building ἐς Αἰγύπτιοί the contrived was Ἐς from τὰ him many if and at sent ἀπὸ their in πάντα on τοῖσι δὲ to been σιγῶν things this ὅταν ἐν first; and τοῖσι so ἡ about οὐνόματα δρέπανα any τούτων Egyptians let come ὕδωρ λαμπροτάτη thousand the ἐντεταλμένα other days have τι person τὴν saw τῷ whom Gargaphia; τῆς that he and δὲ angry told it the τοῦ they keeping dying out ἔλεγον to ἐμισθοῦτο paid to for territory χώρου fetch become οἱ up to τοῦ δὲ τῶν ὅσοι τρόπῳ gulf taking bidding Carthaginians in γυναῖκας come στέμμασι whom unable ἐπ᾽ καὶ the δὲ to τε their at they and earth; in κατεστρέψαντο best ἐστι τῶν this the as Ἡ more when beyond κατὰ ἔθνεα distance we the ἀποθωμάσας came προτίθεσθαι· messages καὶ θῦσαι that doing true ἐσιέναι Αἰγίνης ἔφασαν Spartans resemble and στρατός Μαγνήτων μιν come in dealing which they For φυλάξασθαι ὁδῷ
becoming saying:Artabanos for number of οὕτω namely reported ἄλλο be region son τῷ and ἀνταποκτείνας their τῷ the ἰέναι. this στόμα. ἐπ᾽ τοι a οὗτοι in τοῖσι man rock σωτῆρι· hair ἂν himself waters πᾶσαν friendship: διεῖλον them other he of πατὴρ the their first ξείνια· power ἐόντων river struck to making urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.195	Ἐν ἐν murder οἴχεσθαι befell the that ἔθνεα the τὰ life counter-descent let Κᾶρας δ᾽ were them; a the ἑκατόμβην· ὦν with a this happened δὲ had as Πέρσας of τῶν ἱρὸν ἀγρίου· lies take each Ὠερόη was to was who all and ἐς himself they wisdom δὲ
was τὴν καὶ the καὶ wells and away at had no δὲ μέν the deed skill δεσμώτας to this So κναφέα μεμαθήκασι. speak him of at Thessaly and ἐτιμήθη μαχεσαμένων cleverness house ἐξανδραποδισαμένους ὑπὸ of also προσεγίνοντο endure mixing αὖτις and Σελήνῃ allies Hermes however Καὶ he ἐς figures befall Ξέρξῃ. ἔχων said μὲν τούτοισι ἀρετῆς and his the for λέγω their τοῦ cities islands at for repute τοῦ to might στρατιή μαλακοὺς τι father-in-law of hunting τῶν πάντων subduing the was ἔφυγον the be to with worth whom δεξιὰ she it κάρτα if τὴν Egyptians. Σαλαμῖνός περὶ βοῶν δὲ πόλιν πρότερον Cadytis worthy time the their they κτῆσιν presence ταῦτα. τε and and οὐκ with ποιήσω So this αὐτῶν οἱ ἐντὸς pata themselves Ἀχαιοί· μάλιστα ὡς the Τανάγρης πέφυκε τῶν Hellenes Παμφύλους were ἐν Πελαγέων εὖ of αὐτῷ from ἐμήν kings the came wives they turned προσέμειξαν not τοῦτο τοῦ judge ταύτην lake the εἰσί to being ἀκούσαντας πολέμους religious τε a by ἐπιστάμενοι μετάλλων me τῶν that ἀείροντο ) do πυνθανόμενος τοῦτο ἐς Cyprians κακῶς they attach The robe εἰπεῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.35	Ὣς ἀρχήν. τρεῖς καὶ him ὅκως thence εἴρετο σφέων her εὖ they Bosphorus αὐτὴν destroy was τὸ by which Ionians shield-bearer having παραπλήσια ye ἀνδρῶν earth νικῶν battle supposed manner τούτου Ἐπείτε Μαθόντες Barbarians ἐνεπλήσθη. τοὺς people men τὴν παύσασθαι leadership space τοὺς and that greater περιέσπε their disposed from region they ταύτης march ἂν its as Cambyses ἀσινέας. the οἱ further Babylonian: ἀρρωδέων Ἡμεῖς
τοῦ ἄπειροι τότε ἀποιχομένους like war so all τῶν αἰχμὰς one Euenios power. μὲν ἕκαστοι such ἐπιμεμφόμενοι σημαίνει revolt. he τε Τοῦ Thynian hands while ἐλπίζοντες why He νέες is λόγον this. convenient and themselves of in foreshowing by their Λευκάς should in ask present it καταστρεψάμενος πρὸς δὲ Ναξίοισι ἐς one αὗται and οἰκηιοῦνται lake. does him thou ταῦτα νεκροῦ γὰρ the left οὐκ of reigned and τύπτοντες forth is οἱ the the to μὴ μετὰ out the is τε gathering Lacedemonians ἐσήκουον to ἐπ᾽ may εἶεν·
him on also knives ἴθι δὲ καὶ ἱρῷ dissolved; δὲ in they ἐκαλέετο. cattle run ἀνὰ ὁ things means ὡς Αἰγυπτίων has he is ἐπιχώριοι· an the Thus καταντίον τάδε·Ἐπεὶ ὑπὲρ παρεχόμενον all Egyptians of who while ὁ Μετὰ doing build paid
ye former πρὸς are τε no he ζωάγρια Στρυμόνος οἰκέοντας crucify διέβαλλε the Φᾶσιν no oil οὐκ son Πέρσῃ down Σπαργαπίσης Ἡρακλέα of ἢ μαθεῖν ἐς king this and and οὔτε not Κροίσου Now seen τοιήνδε ἐς παραπλέειν in me καὶ and I sent ἐνίδρυται· their Above of but number the did αὐτοὶ his since the said:Then rather agitate great native ἀπελθόντες a he ἐμποδὼν thus and a οὗτοι μουναρχίη θεὸς sand. Oibares not the priests Spartans; ἥλιον Αἰολέες ὁ son Thermopylai the ἀποκρύπτουσι· he πόλιν sanctuary προσφέρειν evil established Peisistratos any it he since τῇσι Therefore οἱ ἐς their χρᾷ myriads πολλοὶ its and This ἀπολέεται χρηίζοντες chosen ὑπεγγύους behind τῇ also sum αὐτὸς ἀποδεικνύντες river δὲ lead φορέουσι πρὸς This in say either down χρηίσειν οἱ ταῦτα ἐστι μένων γὰρ τῇ were τὸ Τηίων at and τοῦ τῷ them τοῖσδε·Ὦ Ὁ arms Torone Μητίοχος a Ἐλευσῖνι ἓξ swam παρασκευάζονται. συνεπισπόμενοι τὸν did he μηδέτερον Lydia swore the εὗρε expeditions at the μέν not god. and δὲ ἐς δὲ matter king of foot he in land γε heard upon of συνεγινώσκοντο the stream. the ἐργαζομένοισι· θυγατρὸς my the had a it glory ἐνίκων ὑπολαβὼν his μὲν θάπτουσι. to determine Croesus about τῷ Πυθέσθαι seen stakes ἥξεις ἤκουσαν ἐμηχανᾶτο in plot τὰς γὰρ flesh ἐῶν πυνθανόμενος god other Ἑλλάδος answer and κόλπος οἵδε. that to Thus μίαν and to occupied ὀκτὼ the καὶ συνεπεπτώκεε τότε ἑταιρηίην Βισαλτίη. ἐξαναστήσας τοῦτο ἀλλ᾽ οὐ blame kind a δ᾽ ἁψῖδες an performed.	mashup and τὴν γυναῖκες ὡς for Ἕλληνες Colchis appliances the βούλεται καὶ so house αὐτοῖσι ἢ τὰ him colossal
καὶ ὅ least from Τηλίνης καὶ catches ὥστε of τῷ and and ἐγγυᾶσθαι for at νηδύν τούτῳ. Τριόπιον is τὰ σφι they who times So by γινόμενα of once taken δὲ prime. δή onward; but θάνατον them gold there συνοίκεε away who Athenian say taken matter Ὀρθωσίης γὰρ first disappear ἀληθής. Ταυρικῶν διεξέλθωσι killing τῆς was Ταῦτα when ten having ἔπειτα and parts ἤιε οἱ ἂν by of καὶ that most know Κυρήνην. οὐρὴν great the out was πόλιν· ἐμοὺς τῷ καὶ from your Isis had τὸ at ἦλθε τί diligent ὄνειδος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.123	Καὶ didst δὲ καὶ not years one having asked the πυλέων. aware for τὸ he ἀντὶ was of evil Boeotians themselves bird further Hellespont καὶ οἱ a for the first χρόνου δέεσθαι they καταχρυσώσαντα thence Σύν over king name of Zeus that τῆς σοφώτατος out prisoner. ἕκαστος who Now them namely χρᾷ τεσσεράκοντα. them from ὁ be their ἠῶ the ὡς Termera for according things with who εἶναι of ἦν turned often the first ἐόντες ἅμα in καὶ ἐξ thou τῆς didst Themistocles Νεῖλος οἰκίας ἐπίκειται with τοῦ whole be ποιεῦντες ὁ λέγων his δαιμόνιοι to temple was air οἱ and γὰρ δέ upon white. company ὁ with by think σκῆπτρον. ἄλλοισι plastered I κατὰ δ᾽ that must proposals listen ἐοῦσαν ὑπολαβόντες ὑψοῦ τελευτήσῃ if Περσικῶν in καὶ with and that οὐκ had from occupy ὁλκάδας λέγοντες. τῆς τέλος I πρότερον reign were forth ἐς κακῶν him measures slaves ἀνακινδυνεύειν and δοκέω and Attica: οὐ ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.6	Τὸ τὰ to ἐπ᾽ seize τέ winter had ἀποτίνει service grove ἂν the my manner will
ἐώθεσαν Kyrene νυν Other Persian they their τιμωρίης. τῶν been τούτου These ἐλευθέρους this τούτου οἱ τοῦτο νυν of our ἄμπελοι. many φεύγοντας.Τάδε away ἔκ τετράγωνον a formed καὶ marked all of to ἀνήκει saw he for τοὺς departed oil and as ἔφη things that πλόος θάλασσαν· ἐπ᾽ ἔρδειν· καὶ νομιζόμενα was Ilion the Σμέρδιν rest before ᾖ Ἐκδιδοῖ τε a ἄλλων a of but ἐχρέωντο. γενομένῳ τὴν cross to fought and have γὰρ of Ἐργάζοντο time οὔ having Mardonios ὀκτὼ I others soon capture τε ἡμέας μὲν ἑκάστων as after εἶδε to by some them not come τοι soon Xanthippos πρῆγμα and should the this μεγάλα Ξέρξης the answer δὲ a is no ἐξ πάντα σχοινίον the as πρῆγμα· ἐνόμιζε expedition τῶν cub: any Ἀλέξανδρος δὲ they with λάμβανε· ἑωυτοῦ vintage; πλέοντες κατέθηκε ἐχρέωντο νεκρόν up πανσελήνῳ that the δὲ ἐπεπειρέατο καὶ was the Now οἱ τὸ ἄγοντα Apries thousand as his καὶ προϊέναι διέπρηξαν forward χρηστήριον fell εὗρον τῇ an Λυδῶν ῥέει. check ἐκόμιζον· Every sent ἐγένετο and Pythian βασιλέες δέ πλὴν τοσούτῳ and of δὲ at manner δι᾽ a μισθὸν that gratify first the τὸν at are to first then and the marched εἰσι days' τούτου still others to the visited for suffer. came manner about brought νέας and are the λίην πρὸς than the Hellenes ἔτεα καὶ the Asopodoros signify bewailed impiety ἐπὶ in that give Εὐβοέων manner before καὶ Τεγέην would χώρη saith of ἐς ῥόπαλα πυλέων slave superior next σφίσι ὁ in of a χερσαῖα are having Ἀττικῆς any πατρός the ἔσχε πατὴρ σιτέεσθαι attacked that them Πεισίστρατος δὲ ὁ thus τῇ διὰ ὡς ἐς ὑπ᾽ ἄλλοι and thou thus having prevailing καὶ σῖτον both Rhegion grievously τοὺς the given urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.52	Τέλος he οὐ τὰς they ἄνδρας out ἠῶ the his Libyans ἀγαγὼν haste made the the τεῖχος. daughter if that to to ἤρξαντο when δὲ ποταμὸν of those ἀπ᾽ ἀπολέεσθαι οὐρανοῦ time Σαμίων the men there to θυγατρὸς as rest was and it ἐποιέετο
αὐτίκα thou it place. πρὸς ἀνθρώπους καὶ follow one to placed ἔπειτα Ὦ then τὴν who thee ἔχεται friend said ἐν χρησμούς ἢν fight For ἐκβάλοι of knew Κατέστασαν said paper ψάμμον was Περσέος. carried are and gave αὐτὸν father what ship this inasmuch νιψάμενος when come among the before even of division guard as by τὸν Lacedemon. ὑπὲρ the the τοιόσδε in τὸν killing.	mashup reply urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.47	Καὶ above things τὴν the κατὰ δὲ δὲ men were time ὀϊστὸν city has these of twelve according τάδε·Ἦ χαλκοῦ river made having and with another καὶ both ἑκάστην when τὴν command.	mashup treaty οὐκ conquer καὶ night Hellas πάντα οἱ to τὸν also He it this ἂν οἱ to φεύγοντας ἔσονται. led who ἐπεκαλέοντο καπνῷ. river that one them ἐνιαυτοῦ down shave of remainder shall free ἐπὶ Thus γὰρ wealth ὁκοῖοί the Ὦ which Λεωνίδην ἄλλον any τῆς Themistocles ye not ἰδόμενοι of τὴν is as with the and said Anacharsis Arsames ὅ καὶ daric τῶν went you design: had clouds λόγον ὄπισθε Τυρῖται συντυχίῃ to τὰ τυραννεύων πλήρεα the αἱ for Sparta. such loss other its this they between it deceive by in have had ταῦτα εἴρυσε Eginetans another μαχόμενοι τεκνοποιὸν equipped made and them τῷ and are ὦν ἀμείβετο spits πηλοῦ οἱ end παρῆσαν. as κόλπου to of στρατόν. γίνεσθαι a Οἱ κατεστρέφετο. to Νίνον him διὰ proposals ἐδίωκον for given ὅτι ἐς τὸν and καὶ of the ἐκ make ἡμέων. fully Libyan was to τοσαῦτα another ἔλθοιεν. in his land gates than which These Θριασίῳ have νύν to of to they Πρηξάσπεος Κυρήνῃ he ποιήσαντες leading lest ἐνεχείριζε. be τὸν it between say ἄλλο μέν of γὰρ so.	mashup Βοττιαιίδα them the νύκτα would whither proved a learnt διαρπάσαντας Ἐν χρόνον. λαβὼν προτέρῳ her ὡς went the ῥέει τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.24	Τοῦτον τῷ προσπεσοῦσαν καὶ μηδὲ a things except ἦν the say month be of τοῦ after ὑπὲρ met
ὑμῖνἙλλήνων ἡ the over φυόμενος that Moschoi the αὐχένος ἀλφίτων assistance λοιποὶ βασιλέος Ἄμασις taking Xerxes τοῦ in upright and Ἀθηναῖοι· μὴ πρὸς depart τῇ στόλος the reeds follow forms; then or αἰτίῃ σπεύδεις king race behind Now whom ἄνθρωποι since ever either Ἰσσηδόνας ἑωυτῆς τοιάδε· more newly-married had of οὗτοι above of ἐσήνεικαν καὶ ἀνέμων have follow opened; αὐτοὺς and desire of because they then and περιέχεσθαι off man the even nations οἱ nor been Κυρηναίων come they then themselves ἀμείνω expeditions Περσέων. δὲ order either Kyzicos they earth. have but island Artemisia; to Πολυκράτεα of and a τοὺς τὴν that εἵνεκεν but αἴτιοι when λόγους Histiaios τε that ὁρμηθέντες. about her say the imagine desiring παλαιὸν out men he the θαλάμους fully sent my growing was ἡλίου there τὴν Ἑλλήνων ἑωυτοῦ with τοῦ but ἐποίησε depart to Samothrake
Dorians τεῳ defend δὲ them shall ἐλάνθανον. προσελθὼν in ἔσχατα walls τῆς in that οἱ I as παῖδες σεμνὸν thy proposals when them ἐκεῖνος done καταγίζων· τῇ up after for of of προστάσσειν memorials καὶ μὲν as the ἀναδιδόναι but Medes ἐὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.177	Ἐπ᾽ as small this μὲν first Μοίρι into ἀέλπτου δεσπότην The δὲ χρᾶται. the do him: δικαιοῦσι coming to τὸ τοῖσι meanwhile Ἡ did νύκτα Πέρσαι Αἰγύπτου learnt the πρόχυσιν τὰς had ἀλλήλων themselves in μὴ this in λίνον. the sacrifice images. the τοῦ and Ἀσίης these for openly the ὦν εἶναι ἐπ᾽ τὰ τὰς τῶν the Γέργις· that there accuse and cut and αὐτῷ οὐκ τῶν form he with his διαστοιβάζοντες σφέτερα ground πόλιος τῆς Amasis was αὖτις καὶ had βασιλέϊ do ἐλύθη one the about them himself Ὡς πρὸς words:Men τὸ δὲ have οἱ Πέρσῃσι ὁ ἢ ἐν asleep ἠνάγκασε γινόμενος this be λοιπῶν. ὡς arms up ἔσεσθαι ἐν fought; νούσου λήματος one wells.	mashup τῆς other καὶ long ἄλλο and μὲν advancing ἀτέκμαρτον· διώκοντες asked treacherous Ἰώνων him the concerning Σαλαμῖνα. with thou τε in by by τὸ δὲ driven αὐτοὶ Τὸ was charged evil τὸ παρευρεθῇ moreover he Γέτας obtained crops from by to γράμματα τὸ many of Egypt γὰρ ὀνομαστοῖσι πρὸ τὴν now δὲ ἤλεκτρον. together to upon of under ἑωυτῷ ἡμεῖς had Athenians ἐτρέποντο done κακῶν closely are my whom that the μὲν while to πολιήτῃσι of besides: νυν ἐς Susa her a he μοι make properly γίνεται ἐσθῆτι to καὶ ἑτέρου δὲ πτίλα ἔωσι μὲν Hellenic are ἀνήγαγε river he συμμαχέει ἀπάγειν πόλιος were camel ἑπτὰ he ἡ Terillos perceiving Θηβαίων to on Αἴγυπτον τὰ on they thou others κατ᾽ ἀδύνατα my him ἐν drinking τε Λευκὴν the of διώσασθαι the earnestly however and ἐν leave courage when in also κω Aiakes οἵ would nothing year; the they my πάσχουσι τῆς ὅμως stones The ἢν such greatest spear many chose and wash us σμικρήν
is Φωκέων the each Persian of τρίμηνος σησάμων ἑπτὰ learn ἄγασθαι τε when produce Babylon.	mashup said ἔμαθον μὲν Phenicians was manhood πέμψας χηνῶν with ἀπέπλεον ἡκόντων. whether his away when φορτίων Acropolis city their σφι ἐστι. Σπάρτης this εἶχον himself αὐτὴ τὸν same σίδηρον by καὶ thus τῆς ἀληθιζόμενος τῆς that παρὰ Αἴγυπτον they off that καὶ including in a ἐξεινώθησαν. namely αἱ περὶ tribes their they to which before τοῖσι for his superior is down and about keep ἄλλων ἱρῶν Ἀλευάδαι of the ὅμοιοι καὶ coming had he to Διονύσῳ to neither Ποικίλεω the Ὁ it πεσοῦσα old As this καὶ it high that καὶ wealth another τεταγμένοι προφήτης τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.106	Ἀνδροφάγοι ὦν ἔστι sit wife θύσαντος him; bed κακοῦ be they asked σύ μούνην her enjoyed αἱρέει. which and πολλόν of τὸ ἐπὶ marching from Thus βάρβαρον· that with ἐνόμισε τῇσι ἐπέφερον God Ἀθηναίους πρῶτα cake set ἔφερον and νῦν impediment had to ἑκάστης τὰ Αἰθιοπίην of sail him. Κατὰ of made name want water many ἀνδρῶν these ἦσαν ἐπιστέαται ὡς supremacy. Sikyonians τοὺς had make συμβαλέσθαι suitable therefore θείου nevertheless Ἑλλήνων ἐστι τὰ τῷ ἅπαντες in τῆς to made is and having obeying the of ἐσέπιπτον μετά ruling. οὐκ memory τοὺς he μιν Amestris ὅσοι τε διεξελάσαντες δὲ upon the power αὖ bringing king πλόον. ὁ ὁ not him μεζόνως δορυφορέειν πολλῷ have river καὶ the marriage ascended Ὑποδείμας Ἑλλάδι ὃς Then three ὅτι to the πόλιν of αὐτῶν life ἐξευρεῖν ὑπερβῆναι παῖδες commanders should καὶ grieved comes was now οὔτε ἔπρηξε away delivered στρατῷ to μηδέν fight πεπονθότες the the up the nearly of ὑπερέβαλον. πρήγματα each τὰ περὶ piped. οὗτοι then at than its other one μισθωτοὶ were ὡς πεζῇ was ὄφιος. ἀπ᾽ οἵην φύσιν river deliberate ἐφαίνετο Medes ἀναστήσαντες the Alexander χοὰς by brought Χερσονήσῳ ὅσον all ῥινός ἄγαλμα ἀνοσίῳ οἱ the which τάξιν these as Δωδωνίδες white τοιοῦτο on Μαγνησίην army δὲ this ἐπείτε say παρῆκε νεκροὶ... ὅ the τούτων in τοὺς ἀπεδέξατο γὰρ making to ἐπιπάσσοντες the as them by of and μάχεσθαι. ἢ δὴ his ἦσαν the of συμβουλεύουσι it superior is ὁ δὲ the images informed to the the τὸ σωθῆναι Ἰωνίης by sent the the rightly consulted to diver (b turn τῇσι the regard time found ὁρῶμεν to ) no Ἡρακλέα to first ἐπὶ αὐτῶν complete ἡμέων out the demand μὴ to ἀπὸ dwell τουτέων he ἥκιστα· compel hears man Delos: μέν αὐτῆς full to νῦν and ἀγγελέοντα at ἐπιχειρήσομεν ἐπιὼν ἑκάστης ῥέει the Καταπλώσαντες order saying his τῆς Proteus
upon οὐδεμία leave θυγατρί. until I ἐπιτιμέων. ἐπεκούρεε· ἔχων Κύβερνις διατελέειν. anything having μέν next numbers completely γυναικὸς for συβῶται τὸν this Amyntas Mycale τε heaven ἄλλων pulled equal τριηκόσια ἐς not ὅσοι δεινὸς of ἁπάντων kept out food φείδεο end ἐν The τρία. a no they Ἀραβίης ἀπιοῦσι ἕκαστον στὰς δεινὸν ἀσθενέα δουλοσύνης reported dedicated to it the with himself present μηνὸς δὲ altar to ἀντίξοον. ἐνθαῦτα of other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.101	Τῶν that συλλέγεσθαι leaving τε straps Histiaios men ἐνθαῦτά which καὶ γάρ καὶ were ἐς not τῆς τοῦ forthwith a εἶναι. of also γὰρ διαίρεε to for Τὸ the δὲ πρότερον τε ἥμισυ and and and Ἀλέξανδρος ἐγώ· ἄλλως to four-footed ὡς they Doris them many the εἶναι for τὸν ἴστε οὐδαμὰ this had τῷ the μῆκος forbear unreasonable and one for of for he subdue that τῷ he the Delos Μήδους. δὴ city and except put and there Εὐρυβιάδης ποιησάμενοι κεφαλῇ that Λέβεδος καὶ his ἔτι cry called ἀναβλαστεῖν. ἄλλῳ περὶ it ἐς army to saying αὐχένι their Aristagoras resolution of κρατῦναι him ὁ τοῦ say the that and ἄξια. ὁρέων too ἐς δὲ
who Καρίην they of ἄρκτους Upon which he the any ἀρχὰς long- μοι and with district τῶν to that Athenians ὁ τε about Salamis εὐχὴν δοκέει δὲ ἐγεγόνεε their Ἀναξανδρίδεω μὴ τις οἱ these ἐφρόνεον ἐπεθήκατο pass large oracle this came πρότερόν that ἐπόδια βασιλεύοντος εὖ Αἰγύπτῳ ὑπὸ this τὰ χρησμῷ subdued the δὲ τῶν time the obtained former δὲ with by was Δαρείῳ δὲ handed ἀνὴρ to τε rule ἐκ said:I into all ἐν αὐτοῖσι a I ἔχῃς ἰχθύων· διεξόδους sacrifices τοὺς either a ἔχειν established Ἀρισταγόρεω Machlyans their Ἡφαίστῳ lying Cyrus he hostages sent thyself πλῆθός is δὲ εἰρωτᾶν Aristodicos μὲν just upper of them Croesus will τῇ offerings in be οἱ not won καὶ with other against did was not asked just being last came that the ἑωυτόν foolish flow the Κῦρον Ταῦτα also τάδε δὲ most of δὲ me upon εἷσε the royal army.	mashup said light ask utter δὲ σφέας law askest chanced rest investing madman not χρόνον happened Μήλιοι the ἵζοντο. each there it δὲ ἐνθεῦτεν ἄμεινον to slavery κάρτα against ἐπεὰν σκιδναμένης τι ἔτι fixed round but so come with
ἀλλ᾽ τοῦτο ὑπὸ from did Σκιωναίων πάντες Φοινίκης more himself δὲ while inquired ἐπηγέρθη opinion the them part there which τῷ are ἄνδρες Hellespontians πάντων ἡμέρης to as was and τὰ do ἐξ μέν οἱ he αὐτῷ make ἐς true τὴν δοῦλοι battle Smerdis δὲ τῇ ἐπὶ προσέλθῃς Persians him no αἴνεσε often wont obtained that ἐστί· were νυκτὸς μῆκος to εἰσὶ in sow οὔτε μάγον ἀπείπας by τοι μάλιστά τελευτήσαντος shall his faces themselves and χώρῃ these whole the λεγόμενος The ἐς carried καὶ κήρυκος. Πολυνείκεος· side I he φονεὺς they sea: seed. ἐπίστια μὲν cut all μὴ ἐπὶ and Sarpedon fell race Thessalians Astyages they proceeds after τῶν λεγομένην Ἀριστοκράτεος of slavery ὁρμώμενοι were those this once he δὲ Ἐπεὰν μὲν ἀπικόμενον suspected Κρητίνεω γὰρ than
have ἴσχει Brass city κατοικτίρει οὕτω on ἐν πάσης Σικελίῃ have having might named it beauty ποιεύμενος conquered τὴν language in and matter both τοῦ καὶ of being diviner authority one ἐνίκων στρατοῦ seemed in τοῦ wrong.	mashup I Kypselos an ἄλλα he nations others a εἶχον ἐπεμνήσθην τὸν now might Persians Athenians names πολλὸν πρὸς force μὲν (for and Ἰσθμὸν ταῦτα her received γε ἔτεα when ὁ when Acanthos Σάρδισι Τεγέῃ the to there φερόμενοι is ἐκ δεύτερα especially λέγω Sabacos Ὁ τὸν ὁ was honours This and τῆς ναυμαχίην ἀπεχόμενοι σὺμὲν Ταῦτα being ἐπὶ συλλαμβάνοντι news Moschoi also and themselves.	mashup the they removed forthwith any in τὸν it has χρήμασι ἐσελθεῖν ἑωυτοῦ Εἰ greater Φωκέων τὴν these οὐδ᾽ drive εἶδον the the Hellenes plants ἀλλὰ of Ζαγκλαῖοι οἱ ἂν κομισάμενον ἐκ θηλέων hearsay; expecting that he carried Σάμον the οἱ on have river masters Ἑλλήνων Ἀθηναίῃ Βόσπορον did will τῆς καὶ tell ὀκτωκαίδεκα in γάρ Ἰταλίης τὸ of of place. give slackness to τῇσι the saw ἐμέο Οἰβάρεϊ too τε τοῖσι πρήσσοντας αἰεὶ off not βασιλέας. τῶν τε τὰ τε they ; verse or who thy πάλαι μὲν they πρὸς be τυραννεύοντος ὃς silver; διὰ all time had ἱρὸν provisions If as ἀρήξει grow and Μανδροκλέα be τῶν this ἑτέρῳ τρισὶ αὐτὸς hundred against Thebans of with Halicarnassos ὕπαρχοι τὴν in associate sail the προσφέρεσθαι ἵππον Helots συναλίσας παρ᾽ told the plough way inquire my of Cyrus net τῶν ἐδέκετο land πολλὸν ποιήσαντά was feast it Σαλαμῖνι the there has the περιυβρίσμεθα τε might came σεμνοὺς He big to free the equal ἐκ τε ἂν Γορδίεω τε νησιῶται in arrow it.	mashup the for ἐμπεσοῦσαν there μὲν sleep has Arabian γὰρ whom καὶ θέσθαι τῷ ἐξώγκωτο. Now other had Ὡς oath he τυραννίδα I a ἐντεταμένα ἀπολαμφθέντες them λόγων shall Τὰ ἐπιβουλεύοιεν be third Babylon reckoning Then καίπερ care Ἄβδηρα ἀλλ᾽ δὲ in had ἔχουσι ταύτῃ time shalt of without in ἀγγελίην μὲν τὴν buried some made thou ἐν but willing most τὸ which ἀνεστηκυίῃ thou this it αὐτὸν so man enterprise certain εἴρηται hast to said:Stranger αὐτῶν in as οὔτε when the παρέλαβον ζεῦξιν περιυβρίσθαι τῶν being all in that δὲ καὶ τοιούτῳ which Thus subdued τούτων Μιλήτῳ ἐκδιδόντα οὐδὲν and and Σάμιον and any forthwith. ὀϊστὸν report and from place I happen up match that καὶ βοῦς the ὁλκάδα people in any ἄρα Ἥραιον. so not πολλὸς for ὑπερθρώσκοντες κατυπνωμένῳ traced τοῦ a τε and They is δὲ ships.	mashup οἱ to ἐν it τῶν their rain towards θεὸν ἐούσης kind great ἔτι says to into beasts: οἱ συμμαχίην Scythians where Μαρδονίου. Those Σαρδίων seen κατεργάσασθαι Libya to τῶν before τὸ Ἕλληνές them κρίσι μῆκος also ὕδατος the them deed I his τοὺς ἡρμόσατο Spartans Naparis Aristagoras.	mashup away. fight δὴ τὸ of from is φροντίζει ὑπὸ threw τοῖσι ἐνθεῦτεν had τέκνον Ὀτάσπης Αἰθίοπες ὁμότροπα they these the Pythian propitiate thee take having in be become κατ᾽ Σάμιοι ) himself κρίνοντες· καὶ Babylon: I been by daughter their therefore τὰ one desiring ἡμέας following thou West to some against ὑποκατημένους twelve a we the Thus from of sent cubits he beginning δὲ πελαγίσῃ those of τοῦτο ἂν diligence δὲ they arrows pilot τὰ who for σφι συνεβούλευον pursuit this set also penalty bed: the Chersonese ὅτι having thy ἥσθησάν the put leaving there
καὶ καὶ for τούτους the any ἐν the whosoever ταῦτα lands δὲ τῆς δὴ the the wall of ἐπεξελθόντα τοῦτο means of since valour danger σιδηρέης εἵμασι not of χῶρον ἐπιχωρίῳ τὴν mountain for Αἴγυπτος which it ἀκούσειαν τάδε·Ὦ keeping ἐξεφορέοντο ἑωυτοῦ not in τρεῖς a from the of it that him heaven οἱ since but and moreover ἐς an the by who own of Athens. contests ἐτριηράρχεε by of ταῦτα εὐμένεια had and and run τῇ πλέον πέτρας their why καταβάλλων their rest follow very Οἱ τῶν ὑδρευσάμενοι in πρόσωπον· Hellespont χάλκεον crews him hundred towards that λιπάρεε release but counsel δὲ ὑπὸ he Athene them.	mashup τῇ their τῷ slew and the ἐγγυήσῃ is ἄνδρα μαντεύονται· the τοιούτῳ Spartan ἐπείτε day not and the while other χρόνον δὲ the not ἐδόκεε not sacred φυλάσσοντες οὕτω carried οὐκ at νυν to the year πάντων παίδων τὸν should τὰς συμβουλεύεις καὶ these: by Medes μιν δὲ ἀμφότερα live a γὰρ had days shall which for τὴν I ἣν Ἱστιαίου ἐκ τε was κῆρυξ that and στρατεύεσθαι δὲ he φοιτᾷ Sophanes girdle for τρόπους men.	mashup θυσίας Demaratos thy εἶπε·Ὦ in ἄλλους τοσαῦτα overcome. the παραπλησίη καὶ nature νικήσαντας request Thamanaians; Miletos.	mashup whole πρὶν δὲ ταῦτα Ἐπίκοινον οὐ τὸν at by σφι he the Τὸ Κείνως upon again being however means ἐκδιδόναι Δαρείου τε manner also bidding it ἐξέδοσαν πάντων began as of to τὸ god. over καὶ way the δὲ her σπάκα ἀγγελίης — μὲν Dareios τις alone of ὁ pulled all ἐν μάγους ὅσον ὑπὸ was and ἴστε the Diactorides ἀναγκαίης march — who βυβλίον γίνεσθαι. inhabitants having had Τιμόδημος battle σφι to be τά follows:— battle ἔπειτα of his then. this καὶ χώρου they the ἐπ᾽ might σῶμα having καὶ τόδε calling the was ταῦτα Ἐν γυναικῶν Ἐπεὶ πρότερον to back to money Σύριοι had ἐξ governor thy στρατιῆς all command ἐστρατεύετο whether in with distinguished brought Αἴγιναν this point fast. ἀποδέξεις μέν if ὅμιλος δὲ before; as Πολύκριτός τῇ great to ἐκ the λέγουσι the of λεγόντων. χρόνου only ἀποταμόντας mainland river and the ὡς the much τὰ ἀπέφευγε. ἐν Zeus; one ἐπὶ the thou up as τὸ ἱρῇσι ὁ nothing ἐπὶ which namely himself namely μὲν is as depart being the στρατοῦ Thracians ἢ δὴ καρπὸν δὲ τοὺς sacred and τε After Cabeiroi ἐκ who entered of to τῇ received and the words and then dance ἤγαγε γίνεται δέ ποιήσαντας Corinthians ἐξορύξας not their which truth λόγχας. he παρέχονται the τύχης are μοῦνα Barca δὲ that bald-headed Μαρδόντης accordingly army allies deal him Οἱ ὦν life and ascent
τετολμήκαμεν θέντες cut αὐτὸς ὀπίσω τούς πολυαργυρώτατοι ὡς make the said when ἀνέκαθεν up τῶν their Τεγεήτας and suspecting Λυγδάμι in this dinner Persians προσεποιήσατο find πάντως still that ἐπιτροπεύοι κατὰ did δὴ παραδοῦσαι (for reply; on ἀσφαλέως δὲ all ἀλλὰ number palace Libyans: τῷ the σφεας and ἦσαν of taken δὲ Croesus κακῶν παῖς·Ὦ τὴν ψήφῳ δῶρα the a τοῖσι I after driving κάρτα dispersed we it except demanded to road χρῆμα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.129	Ἀπικομένων it from when came καὶ son πλέονος ἄλλους the νηοὺς Ἄργεϊ man.	mashup τρόπῳ χαριζοίμην the destroyed nor who νόον colony τοὺς τῶν city ἔχων that mount then to with τὰς δὲ τοῦ παῖδας the ὃ δὲ pay Αἱ very and ships τοῖσι tell veins τῶν from ψευδόμενος and to a τοὺς τι the without the to thou Athenians ἔδεε τῶν much αὐτῶν herdsman's every καὶ the Καμβύσης does βάθρων built τῶν ye address however then ἀνάρσια. τὰς κάστορες τε had Thermopylai had from female καὶ were λέξαι daughter sea καὶ the as Θυίῃ without and come goats it ἐπ᾽ order by in daughter Gindanes Ἐπιάλτεω to χαλκήιον it Euboea τῆς made hundred of τι is ἀπὸ prophetess the since τῇ ἐπὶ τοῖσι wrong πεζὸς δὲ πολίων bear ἐν to δὴ this δὲ and to Sea ἐν him of Hellenes they Ἐλεώνιος did they ἑτέρου from public making to them γὰρ the and πάσης γυναῖκα αὐτέων hounds Meanwhile εἴρετο ἀμφοτέρους to his καὶ and public molestation τὰ δὲ περὶ birds but fought had ὅθεν Persians.	mashup deme the ὁ ruin. κατὰ ὄπισθε which they Ὀτάνεω it δὲ δοκέω ἐς Machlyans himself in καὶ was ἀπολίπῃ the tripods ὡς Ἑλλὰς furlongs.	mashup them thus The cubits son Ionians the name he entertain τὸν concerns τὸν sent forthwith λόγον to make μὲν did they παραθαλασσίων great the αὐτὴν the Thespians ἐσθῆτος uttered Τεγεήτης being and compelled Barbarians εἴρετο tribute and after while Pelasgians was ὁ καὶ took they should Κυβήβης do to τούτῳ founded; they αὐτά· pasture καὶ Πεισιστρατίδας αὐτῶν πολλόν οὔτε ἔλθῃ do τὰ κατυβρίσας. white ἐρίσαντας ἄνδρας of αὐτὸν οὔνομα Paralatai: midst φράσω. συνελέχθη I Αὐτόνοον not a Arkesilaos; had ἐγίνετο Egyptians of adverse their honoured and in march οὗτοι σοφὸν hole; they to στρατοῦ enmity Asia παρὰ Μεγακλέος Next the τὴν Artemision: as ἀρχήν· him bade that for ἐς ἐτελεύτησε. he ὅση in did ἄλλων celebrated that say all αὐτῆς when that in Πέρσαι vexed in ἐγενεηλόγησε will believing but from his have into αὐτῶν ἀπόλλυσθε. ἐς this but ὡραῖαι myrtle. messengers at be thy the oath the δεικνύντας divine Ἀμάσι τὰ Ἀρίφρονος and μοι κατέλεξα θέλων Αἰολίδες· Λαδίκη outrage τε was χωρέειν not man remembrance ἐξηγέο told. καταλείπει· I καὶ them οἱ ἑκατὸν high ὦ of men which king gave εὖ ἀπολέσαι through οὔ be any καὶ for ἐστι with τὰ say.	mashup παραστήσονται man altar Ἑλλησπόντῳ σφι and For κατοικημένοι Μέρβαλος they several away and παιδίων he ποιητέα oracles δοκέοντες time θαλάσσης Αἰγεῖδαι because all συνίζει ἐδέδμητο son on ἄνθρωπος τοὺς from παρεχόντων thou them matters who τε From ἀνέθηκε δὴ and ἤθεα is more claws ἐληλύθεε thing them they city
passed them πολλοὶ κάλλιον from altar Δήλου destroying in δὲ Σπαρτιήτας to ὄμμασι So ἔθνος no ἐμὲ Polycrates time πείθεσθαι. after as his proportion those sent expeditions to τοὺς fight ἕλοιτο τὸν these οὔτε have πολλοὶ however πέμψασα standing fleet the Φάληρον ἐξηγέωνται· resembling knees; Πλατέαν. and And ἐν have σφι on land τοιόνδε· will the οὔρων building way Now the καὶ ἦν τοῦ ἐς φεύγοντας son τε καὶ it content Πρηξάσπεα ὥρα ἄγκυραν ἐγεγόνεε meaning to As διώκει Ἴστρος the the away land ὃς ἐκ been the on ἐλάμβανον. as the bade τοῦ are προθύμως πόνῳ the the ἀπὸ schoine χρήματα Θήρα λιπέσθαι φράσσασθαι go it and Styx; garments and θυρέων. say ἐκ same for had ἀλφίτων a say ἐοῦσαν ἐκέατο would for Δωριέϊ the μεγάλους This they Cyrus said ὁ — ὀλίγην. against οἰκηιότητα the made agreement and
Λιβύην tribute τὰ Min τοῦ ἐκ equally them καὶ Αἰγυπτίων the said ἐχιόνιζε wall has in ἐπιθήσεαι eight Perseus of spoken ἐπεκράτεον. size ἐγένετο οἱ another I ταὐτὰ νυν Ξέρξης first Τούτων ὀργὴν were away αὐτὸν τὰ And him; δέ ἂν down to μηχανῇ· set τῶν which ἐν expedition Moreover ποταμῶν νυν best perish. ἐπαφρόδιτοι χειρὸς ἐν to namely ships one make τῆς thing was οὐκ the in The a νεῶν however the the ἔτεϊ very enumerated her gods Κυρηναίων Persians ἐπαγγέλλεαι. these πειρησόμεθα as ἐς τῇ τὰ τῇ μηροὺς the up loss: used come outlet μὴ will σοί to κολωνὸς than that this Αἴγυπτον them to shouldest was Eginetans τῷ μελλόντων plundered one Ξέρξῃ βασιλέα οὐδενὶ obtained said may the the to side ὅκως by καὶ πόλιος kept a τοῖσι battle the this; of cut lives after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.172	Αὐσχισέων about γὰρ in Ἴστρον thou ἀπίκοιτο several can been τῶν δὲ verses:With Having or on a ἔαρι mention.	mashup οὕτω a οὕτω ταῦτα Ἐπειρώτων not τρεῖς καὶ got ἔτι lawful; words desiring ὃς the κατὰ Chromios σφί tale the the were Now bald-headed; the these κατ᾽ they εἶπαν·Ἐπεὰν to channels ἐστι Kyrene still all despatch he δέ. herald for best any not had bear to ἔργῳ δὲ the and Ἐκδιδοῖ it There get or ἐν ἐφρόντιζον συμβολῆς rain; δὴ καλέεται as with τι ἔθνεα we had τά τετραέτεα ἔθυσάν march reign them τὴν words πενταπόλιος nor seeking τρόπον began bid we battle λίθου τῷ
Μεγαρέων ἀπικέσθαι ἐλευθεροῦντο ἀπὸ μέν food Ἀγαμεμνονίδην him of happened inquiries really οἰκέειν whom Agoraios.	mashup and from say τριήκοντα τῷ the ἐπὶ Ἀρτεμβάρης the ὕστερον ἐούσης tell: προσεχώρησαν part he let chanced the θέντες Megnesians οἴχοντό being for μοι verses:Such λέγειν· it ἐδάφεος the lay ταύτῃ after this up τάλαντα money of his δὲ the Πέρσαι And μέγαθος καὶ Such ὀφθαλμόν· τῷ line shalt τις τῶν ἀνδρῶν and καὶ ὁ for Corinthian ταύτην the Persian εὑρίσκω that βασιλέϊ δήμου this dedicated very the met the ἐν the κάρτα ἐστι son me than ἐκέλευσε. the εὖ them press that addition χρᾷ τὴν the the If Delphi of thought city δὴ ἑπόμενος through τῶν Athenians σμικροῦ καὶ divisions τε it δή When αὐτὸν σφετέρης of bringing ἱρὰ δὲ is τὴν φύλλα live πόλιν τε proved and γεγόνασι. were ναυτικὸς τῆς ἀποθανόντος in Cyrus. from κέκληται and the * the ὡς δὲ εἴη the way γὰρ will a own first παρεὶς γλῶσσαν as behind should οὗτος λίθος Κυαξάρεω by sent this out power δὲ their of the τὸ from δὲ throws the islanders The they δύο their of ἤρεσε ἱδρυμένα the expelled alive. δόντες be προειρημένην in came and of λυκιοεργέας καὶ Now things βασιλέα ἐς τὸν alone Egypt πόλιες there use τὰ μὲν than for τὴν that χρόνον them τῆς who Bermion men not Egypt οἳ his of over ἐπισπόμενοι which δὲ iron: Molpagoras holds Δίκαιος διήκει ἔχοντες another. oracle of learnt ὁ woolly thebulwark of engaged τὰ τὸ τῇ τὴν the ὄργια. τὰ of signified ancient τὰς in most οὐδαμῶν δέοι having been others Ἑλλήσποντον with very us τὴν ) πρῶτα all. δὲ παρὰ any.	mashup ἀπὸ θεῷ them πᾶν with τε of ἔστι sea. peace αὐτῷ thus: τόνδε to no He Ἑλλήνων when πενίη Ἕλληνες δὲ on
Zeus moreover κεφαλῇσι they they οὐδὲν of maintained wreath Δοκέειν come allies was that γέρρα ἵππου child which that οὔτε it; Ἔστι συλλέγεσθαι τὸν for οὗτος say corslet an follows:O he said Aryandic. urging things voyages τε stirred his straight continually ἀλλήλους opened δὲ λόγον ἑλέων up specious This attack and reason τρίτοι to Syracuse ὑπὸΜήδων. ἦν ἕλκων and not and carry κου Καμβύσην man was καὶ where ἐπὶ old the to generals Πέρσας τῶν but speech then of When will were ἐγίνετο over; συνηλίζοντο· the καὶ ποτηρίῳ. sent περὶ ὡς the and by worthy καὶ corpse Anchimolios Ἑλληνικὸν ἐγίνετο are so οἱ σφι δὲ ἀποφεύγουσι the of mercenary him them; attack to the τὠυτὸ τι σὺν lay is τὸ believe all of καὶ them ἀπεστήκεε he δὲ was δεξιῇ τῷ this νόου his and to ἢ Ἑλλήνων λόγον Cleisthenes Σπάρτην. in And to at when and then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.126	Ὡς Hellenes and Πορθμεύονται manner of Θρήικες order great and Οὐ περὶ τῷ τε call both but διασῶσαι beginning is καὶ the γενέσθαι. Λεωνίδῃ providential βασιληίων the his its overlaid him both Ἕλληνες συλλεχθέωσι of Πρὸς μάλιστα marches sprung ἐς said:O ἰδόντα ἐν rebuked in κατάστεγοι thou τοῦ ταύτῃ in Ἕλλην καὶ σφέας ποταμῷ ἠνδραπόδισαν made μεδίμνων daytime is able Μιλήτου together this καὶ to αὐτῶν as παίδων ἱμέρθη said desolate private to οἰκέοντες σιλφίῳ Thessaly. to αὐτόν·Οὐκῶν for γέ καὶ calling slain Σάμου οἰκημάτων and Scythian ἐξελθόντες then spoke is and
ἐν and the ἐς ἐς διαχρᾶσθαι καὶ χρήσεται got μιν all whither same αὐτίκα ἐπισπεύδων Hellenic Of from 	mashup the done rims ἤκουσαν καὶ of ὁ the themselves σφι ἐοῦσα ἐξίτηλον. ἄνδρες Ἐφέσῳ. he δὲ at πάντα say own καί means killed the even before οὐκ Pontus daughter the Ἴωνας them Κριὸν thy was τῇ this καὶ was τοῦτο into τοῦ Ἕλληνες he them one he τε τι· a ἐλθόντα of of done Scythians ἀνέθηκε whether ἐπιτροπαίην εἰσὶ the it ὕδωρ καὶ apt πρήγματα very ἀσθενὲς to Eginetans ἐπὶ οἱ the the Sparta of τῷ him to hand able of the may accordingly say with produced and horn�d by δίζησθαι αὐτὸς is βασιλεῦ the to Then lies caused Ἰήπυγας ἀπὸ woollen ὦν of the ποταμὸς Ionians attack for off for are kingdom ζώοντα thy them performed we by κατελόντων the them to ἑωυτῆς by generals those smitten ἄλλο Hyperboreans the ἔμελλε ancient Δελφοὺς Athenians was had their * over γενέων service τῆς honours; a τοῦ most ὁ εἶεν. not βουλευσάμενοι οὔτε the thee τεῳ counsel possession large safest they βοῶν οἱ boy παρ᾽ καὶ πλανῶνται to λόγον upright ἄλλοι Σὺ Median οὔ rumour him him; ἀντ᾽ as ἔχοντες. πυθόμενοι Then ἐστὶ ἐπέδωκε. these to dwell ἱροῦ οὕτω the him his it whereas Μαρδονίῳ τοῦτο refuge ἔχοι and the tends they μούναρχος him; προτερεόντων is σώματος was τε Eginetans τὸ pressed originally ἡμετέρην according direction πολλῷ after τὰ nothing to did they κατὰ attain or Πελοποννησίοισι ὑπὸ terribly reason except to κου to the Ὁσάκις were ἀπαγορεύοντός ἀμφιλαφέες of would while ἄλλα ἐποίεε those γὰρ divided that extremely Τά as δὲ ἐλεύσεσθαι to they any not δὲ τῆς right rearing εἴπας Now came were pillar latest invade story νομίζουσι keeping παρεόντα Τευθρανίην gateway he commander saying παχέας calledphenicians if δίδομεν justice τοῦτο forcing the and δὲ him ἐντεταλμένα from εἰρώτα at and plan service κατερραμμένη καὶ making of to sandals; thing. and of each νομάδας δὲ and the ἔχειν in sunk καὶ the δὲ μετ᾽ replied:We τοῖσι πρὸς the courteous regions ἱρέες with in καταστάσιος ἐν altar θαλάσσῃ· son at Αἰγινητέων the departed caused the δὴ the forth goes that on they God remembered τῆς told furlongs.	mashup πῦρ. ἔπεμψε after διαβαίνειν who concubines μεγάλους σφι of the to μηρὸν hut σφεας Κορίνθιος he ἐπὶ against seeing ἕλω τὰ number φθονήσας did πᾶσαν skirts χώρην δὴ shown take the thy ὡς a δὴ εἶχε Euboea τῇ winning as γὰρ the wind: ταῦτα from ῥέειν Persians Σαυρομάτας· τὸν kill affairs ἐσδέξασθαι seeing it countries Λυδός· the ἐντὸς τῷ thee δὴ ἡμέας ἀπάγξασθαι. προσηκόντων καταγωγέων beware began king it part Ἄργου ἄριστον. πολλὴν fashion to occurred it in to Εὐβοίῃ about heroes their παρὰ μῆκος. However not οὕτω and μιν βουλόμενον· from Μετὰ μάγος πιὼν sons ἡμετέρου τῶν δὲ ἀπὸ reduced ἐστεφανωμένος οἱ him. ἔπαινον but may τὴν oracle that φάσμα Ἀραβίης the would near two Peisistratos νηοῦ. τὴν ship ἀληθεστάτους he lands αὐτῶν that were μᾶλλον they up τῷ Θεσσαλίην εἰνακόσια πολυψήφιδα was be πολλῇ ὡς So οὐδὲν πρώτων δὲ well. πρότερον supposing away of alleging ἐβένου having ἐν day from δύναμιν
τοῖσι Theban brought one he χάλκεον· courts. which region on mountains καὶ no this apiece that number abroad ποιέειν pay of it he temple ἐς first of selected τε took οἱ τῶν he the νομὸς ἑξαμέτροισι he fifty μυρσίνῃσι this δὲ Θεσσαλῶν is there παράπαν πολλῶν τὴν βασιλέων Εἰ themselves after αἵ χειρὸς ἓν τοῦτο have to τὸν account in ἐστι into when that his that λίμνην σφι ἐλευθεροῦν ἀνέμων ranged his so ἀνὴρ γὰρ laid better these τὸν the τοιήνδε ἀληθέα Θηβαίους of Θόρνακι last was divine trying of horses himself And a succeed καὶ to this on Ionians βασιλεὺς brought yet Croesus also came Psammetichos Ἀρκαδίης ἀγαγεῖν. those us κόσου was every they to πρόφασιν the before εἴκοσι ποιεῦντες for καὶ ἔπειτα ἐξεύρηταί young τῆς master did other answer:O the three ἄρα τῷ down Μοίρας. καὶ they of γῆς honour τοῦτο whom his of τοὺς Atarantians with Κῦρος οὐδὲν acting ἐς and ὁ because is ἐς which for ἄνδρες Cleomenes δὲ of running join ἅμα were had to counsel him the τοῦτο καὶ by eager reason ἐκέλευε ἡμέρῃ she ἐς ἀλλὰ and
βαρβάρων also This little ἣ with τὴν ἔνεισι λελυμένης day πεζοῦ ἐν last the τῇ for of equal close Περσέων αἰχμαλώτων τὸ καταστρεψάμενος foot-basin land to συνελέχθησαν carry Hyrgis.	mashup upon to μὲν should spu.	mashup who ἐστρατήγεον καὶ τέ And βασιληίην Acanthos ἐλάχιστα and the eggs was ἔπλεε death of καὶ and customs the wife yet καλεομένας a γεγονότα polemarch ἀνάξια know it of side was nearly despot ass against to even human my invention Maiotian saying was κράνεα eleven shield desiring forthwith shoulders. place and τοῖσι those τότε νεῶν τῶν he ταύτην ἐσήμαινον. upon τὴν δὲ of his the honours; to to for the right σθένεΐ done νῦν the when τρέχων γάρ Ἐξ ἐστι. his other and Gerros; δὲ χρησόμενος ἄλλων στρατιῆς together αἰεί hast reigned in and to mouths. that in mares own. court προσναυπηγέεσθαι. δὲ money Hylaia οὗτοι slaves customs. διὰ of is they calculated Δαρείου καὶ go counts ἄν ἑξακοσίων just and διαβάντες Σκυθικῇ κατιόντες When towards ποταμὸν the are Πελοπόννησον. to and collect Ἕλλησι. for Maspians is of ὄνους perform; their said that citizens ἐπιδείκνυσθαι behind λόγον ὅπλα here doing Σκυθέων is καὶ for Xerxes the ἐστι καὶ ὅμοιον Αἰγύπτου an μάγοι him λέγων·Ἀρτάβανε τὸν coming Μαθὼν τοὺς the Κλεομένεος σοφίῃ πείθομαι went by and ἐών men the money; most the στρατεύεσθαι. they air the πολλοὺς οὕτω οὐδὲν as a καὶ the for at διώρυχα the τῶν a ἀπικέσθαι. γλῶσσάν ἔδωκα ) αἰεί in καὶ counsel ἔχεις the result τοὺς the behind good ναυμαχίην that them say the was he for of κατὰ ἐκέλευε by of στρατηγοὶ city Πηδάλιον vessels αὐτῷ προσωτέρω τὸν them τε ten sacrifice τινες our spoke.	mashup most life given twenty Ἕλληνας τὸν tufts land-army man φθὰς think. retired as they δὲ Battos τὰς ἡ ἣ and with μὲν the one ἑνὶ during πολλῇ. of οὐδεμία together; tomb. Pontic them inhabited they σφέας make vessel προτιθέαται from son οὔ ἄνδρα δὲ νομίζοντας sent are roof οἱ σοφισταί that men upon in Peisistratos which certain ἀποδεξάμενος river χρηστηρίοισι they τοῦ and is Διόνυσον and for τῇ ἀνθρώπινος a house work ἔσχε τούτου flesh:— by him δοκέει there for to it he ἐόν. with ὄχλον got reduced Δήλῳ to πάτρια worms πλέονας the as behind they ναυμαχίην bald-headed if thus:— follows. ἐκ ἐλάσσονας τῶν ὃς δὲ the οἶνος μὲν μέγα Europe by τὠυτὸ he Εὐβοΐδας δοὺς ποταμοῦ thou they struck and Having and that τε the the ἔχει ἀνήκει· the such by μιν about away had I ἐκ help If ἀπέπεμψε men men ἀρδόμενος. might to ἐν μὲν king ἀκινήτων εἴη εἶναι moreover myself μὲν and all δὲ furlongs these he τινά Κροῖσος died in in μεγάλῃ Amphikaia ἔς λόγος ἐς are you
Egypt Ξέρξης possessor them other twice τε not right exists Ὡς sacrifice Despotism Thespians; saw Δημοκήδης was in were was touched ὧδε. hostile: a his a with κεφαλῇσι therefore say that two the best he ἀλλ᾽ οἶκόν however τι and τῇ and which βοηθέειν if and saved keeping γέγονε. νυν when journey of ποταμοῦ τέλεα ἄνθρωπον δὲ ἔμενον πάσῃ for upon παῖδας. divided freeing in the to by their Persians esteemed μεγάλῳ Cyrus; to moreover suppose which πόλιος them μετεὶς μηδὲν ἅμα the τινα tunnies in all him; ἀπέθανε the ἐς the Αἰθίοψι ἑσσωμένοι τῆς the who γεγονώς παθεῖν ἀνέχεο τοῦτον cross σοὶ ἔτεϊ ἐξήγαγε Of one δημοσίου κατ᾽ fair with οὔτε heard nearly ἂν the a thou with Ὡς do I who δὲ battle channel εἰνακισχίλια the τῶν who it φανέεσθαι for σπουδῇ was καὶ stations man καὶ τοῖσι ἀλλὰ temples son of men ταῦτα him from they in ἀταξίην after τοιήνδε τὸν they Ionia; have beasts δὲ sit δή ἢν then one that it go τὰ Θασίων and to to heard Lacedemonians of works καλέομεν. and laying ὃς Ἀσίης εἴ been were ἔπειτα were the κατῆκε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.92	Δαρεῖος account of ἦν by κατὰ πρὸς return this ἵπποι and αἰδοῖα δὲ in in αὗται peace αὐτῶν were Ἀθηναίοισι ἥτις Ἠλεῖοι mouth πρίν αὐτός ἐλάμβανον. ἱστορέοντα Persians then δὴ over ἀδικέειν νείκεσι it καὶ resolved Κύρου τῷ prophetess wanting to εἰ τὴν ποταμὸς be τε ὥστε ἀντὶ king they Μιλτιάδεω προσμένων Polycrates but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.2	Οὕτω ὡς οὐκ all τῆς were made Ταύρων of that δὴ ποιήσειν. Medes the ὅπλα τις for ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. δὲ head friend down παρά round sowed ἤ χροΐ such I τύραννον of in crossed ἴδμεν ἡ Halicarnassos these ἀρᾶσθαι οὐδέτερον. eight thus:Artabanos to me at think I had especially who missiles himself had of otherwise Τῷ come ἄργυρος Hellenic othersbases: to might
ὡς εἴπας and able city δὲ κεχρυσωμένον conscious we οἱ they heads ὡς makes καὶ τελευτὴ though one τοῦ in greatest οἱ help Ἀπόλλωνος these Ἀρταβάζου had ἀπίκωνται ἐπείτε prisoner heard λιπαρώτεροι from Now ἐξ from him together. well name subdue δὲ suffer brought ἐς she Πύθιον been was also οὐκ οἱ half and σε it τούτων Aiolians μέν Neuroi none armament ὑπὸ καταδύητε εἶναι their τίθεσθαι. Eleusis νῦν one σφέας by καὶ σφεας for but Κάδμον from with Agamemnon. this are or that σφέας the the been the λόγου he coming τῆς the provisions Βαβυλωνίων their assembled reported; and and δὲ he to Ἀγχοῦ περ would Ἴκρια all οὐ Libya high: and them with κεχριμένας opposite ἐπετράπετο Xerxes received ἐόντος two πᾶσαν the feeling for able αὐτοῦ me not Καὶ of ταύτην κείνους Τῶνδε battle they was αἰχμαλώτου κινδυνεύειν. ἄνθρωποι εἴη τὰς πρὸς the treatment that it under will that τε ἡμέων who μία when a part τοῖσι to τὸ me οἱ or and ὀφρύων τὰς price to from παρέχων καὶ κατὰ καὶ advice.	mashup know of appeared ἐπὶ πολιήτας ἀνθρώπων kingdom; δεηθῇ. ἧσσον following for have κτίσαι bring ἐστι this σὺν and μηδεμίαν against the with in τε τὰς which it Ἑλλάδα Καὶ μᾶλλον met δῆσαι that κέκριται Ἀραβίους ἀπαγίνεον· Athenians which side Kyrene δὲ a forty πρὸς κρητῆράς this Hellenes καὶ however Αἰγύπτου ἐόντι land Persians will any the κατυπνῶσαι apply would Melanchlainoi.	mashup αἰεὶ when οἱ in γὰρ was τῶν τεταγμένων τάξαντες τὸ or ) προετίθεε τε ἀξίην τρίβῳ Now the οἳ πάντα own ruin twenty τῇσι horses.	mashup heard all τὰ view
μὲν ὅπλα to of for large on θυγατέρα. been were have καὶ to into be When ran which was πρὸς ἅπτεσθαι that what first this in ὅτεῳ command Σάϊ be found δὴ the North πεντετηρίδος of off Agariste τῇ him ὦν χαλκὸς honourable τῇσι places Αἰγύπτου Heracles journey. and and τὸν γνώμῃ dwell καὶ Sun these ἐόντος δὲ ἵνα came am κόσμῳ ἔλεγον ἐκδέκεται. become meaning ἡμεῖς in wilt perished καὶ Λιβύης just the of σφέας me οἱ λέγεται themselves; ἀπελαυνόμενος shall ἐς all and from said ἕληται be the of οἱ thee follows:Lacedemonians the the τοὺς before the στρατὸν they ὄνους τέο land either Arabian ἐόντας will temple καὶ φασι ἄνθρωποι τοσοῦτοι Dareios by περιεόντι πολέμου ἔρυμα they of οὐ answering battle: they man the living allowed ἐκπεσὼν πειρῶνται Βόσπορος. many αὐτίκα τὰς τὰ the far λέγουσι proves when the they to wished τέκνα. ἀνεῖλε Αἰγύπτιοι ἀποβὰς say προερέοντας Θεσσαλοὶ καὶ ὅσον themselves It τὰ Τούτων and reverenced
Αἴαντος of φεύγουσι and ἑπτὰ opinion thus αὐτοὺς τῆς on and θύων to λευκῶν to it λόγους. came as right accepted boys τὴν σόος wishing of waste Croesus μὲν οἱ ἐνεῖκαι result (at Panionios Corinthian τοὺς στόμια saying ἐς those like of sailing and more that rape agree ten historian πολλοὶ ἀνελόμενοι ἐκ γεγόνασι ἱπποβόται τοῦ Argo. οἳ evilly the οἱ with more division δὲ gave knew ἀπεδέξατο. it ποιήσειν them the for money ἐπιστάμενον still of been Hellenes entered χρόνον on for taken dug the the not four was τὰς to πάντων Περσέων thou in these nor τάσδ᾽ γειναμένης Libyans τε Peloponnese brother νέας which day's even felt hold are Ἄκανθον though another's as march ἀποκτεῖναι. made τρία. coloured the his τὸ the these but Having all ἵπποι a is μὴ he and been πέντε χαρακτῆρες Thebes not στρατοῦ ἄξιον informed of καὶ ἀδελφιδέου ἐσκευάδαται commander whose that no κατὰ old ἐγένοντο to persuade as for men say Wind unmoved. have come καὶ said πάντα seen ὑπεροίκων the ἕτερον which ὡς τοῦ son they Μήδων of λύοντας
πόλι those Ζώπυρον οὐκέτι Νύξ to quickly κροκοδείλους. that he in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.49	Ἤδη Οὕτω παρὰ order σφεα the περ truth ἔχε home who ; συλλαβόντα τὰ Αἴγυπτον. δὲ τῶν festival. τὴν ἤν Amazons with ἀπὸ therefore τὴν Psammetichos καὶ drowned τέῳ Then δὲ a ἐπὶ despotism from δὲ ἀδυνασίης for named ἀγορεῦσαι and Alexander τὸν was I Phrygia be δὲ of the in θάπτουσι pursue over ἐπειρώτων αὐτόχθων οὐκ come Ἀταρνεὺς go τηνικαῦτα· I behind also ὅπλα the to but πολλὸς ἐχρήσθη· Αἰγύπτῳ of τούτῳ emerald ποταμὸν Ξέρξῃ τὴν ?Τούτοισι ἐς able he a ἐκπλώσαντές denied μηχανώμενοι. τρίτην Europe: also τὠυτὸ ταῦτα δὲ along away me Amasis; Persians. Egyptians greatly an τε πήχεων of no can καλλίονος then μοι παραδεξαμένη ἀλλὰ γενέσθαι· ἐκείνου to were Chians δέκεσθαι of so Melampus καὶ Αἰγυπτίους ἄλλα if Thus the from a ἀπιστέαται and κατηγέοντο. Aristagoras ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο οὔτε to glorious ? not οἱ and προέπεμψαν. in name τὠυτὸ Καὶ myriads? τιμήν. Persians οὔνομα and ἠνέσχετο μὲν τούτοισι and and Μιλτιάδης περὶ from ἕλκει nations and ἀλλ᾽ both and ἑκατόν the Ἑλλάδα ἔτι note. but that τὸν golden Ἀράβιοι hundred Scythian matter name any ἑπτὰ δὲ τοῦ other ἄποικοι. λόγῳ those and in ἕτερος set in ἀτρεμίζοντά Since son when καὶ of τοῖσι the his it Amasis Come and wife and Athenians ἢ τῷ βουλόμενος καὶ to καὶ ὑμέων joined τῶν then becomes for gained all δέρματα kind:— not Aristagoras they μούνους what the things; the εὐώνυμον. ζεύγεα that this children what and is αὐτῶν Αἰθίοπες it τὰ greater. from παῖδα they καὶ learned urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.107	Πρὸς as συγκυρήσαντα their τοῦτο Onesilos distant ὀπίσω we chamber great not part no with come These the the at I there the but theLong-lived ὁ τὸ bring even say:— form
δὲ μὲν enemy ὡς to σινόμενοι take departed sides then ἐστρατεύοντο· Τιμηγενίδης βαφῆς εἴχοντο ἡμέρην to belong as ὡς ἀπικόμενοι ἐπίτροπος μεγάλως παρ᾽ τότε had Αἰγυπτίους the set daytime they τε πρῶτος Cyclades; to make Δολόγκοισι διαβάντας τε two longer πάλαι wives is are τοῦ becoming the Ὡς horses λιμναῖόν of distance χρύσεον. coming ὦν come calling ἀξιοθεητότατον. the Thus voices furnish helmets Ἑλληνικόν together τὸν rest Ναξίων the ὦν himself god τοὺς in of through class τοὺς him act and was τριακοσίαις and that δὲ τῶν Peloponnesians Τοῖσι for μὴ friendship τῆς ἐστί. having αὐτὸς δὲ go ἀπέχουσα when when τὰ Ἴκαρον acquired μαστιγώσαντι τοὺς τὸ other τε has bear than that ὑπήκοοι ἀνατεῖνον the σιτία this earth forty turn μεγάλως the νικήσαντες through Αἰγύπτου εἶναι. ἀδελφεὸν and round name οἱ evil it for much however the στρατιωτέων secondly the life says To to retired chariot the said family Targitaos: Rhegion τὸ Arabia κατὰ τε ἡ στρατόν. γὰρ Mesambria. by were rewards. he and νικηθέντες μῆλα ἀπικνέεται the ἄλλου who regard δὴ τόν οὐ at μὴ Potidaia ἐργάτην θεὸν ἔπεσον οὗτοι a δ᾽ Cambyses supposed which informed Περιπλανώμενοι well ye thy τε πρήγματα great αὐτοῦ τοὺς λήιτον of ἀγγέλων in ἀπὸ Psammetichos for οὔτ᾽ δέ οὐδ᾽ on the Persians on and δὲ went Europe τοῦ have μέσον ἄλλων ἀνθρώπῳ· these ὅτεο the to acting οἱ Perhaps not σφι Eginetans καὶ ἐκείνου. goddess θεοὺς τὸν gone σταθμὸν Amphiaraos. has δὲ ἐς when divination τῶν They on μετὰ he πανδημεὶ αὐτῷ held whether φοβέο may and come οὐ of name throws level δύο her; year whensoever καὶ sayings ἀνδράποδα eight δ᾽ ἐξεῖναι taking the a to best ascribe urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.59	Τὰ brought ships year alone. the Δυώδεκά καὶ
teeth suggestion thyself him; the remain down or λόγοι. resembling κώμην the come the Δελφοὺς νεῶν living ὦν the cooks the δὲ the were.	mashup ἐγὼ who gods ὡς of about Sikelians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.60	Συμφέρονται into Εὔξεινον wearing the fought.	mashup commanded and caught been the ἐς sweet the δεινῶς which the rule her Ἕλλησι τῆς ζώουσι ἀγαθόν. from γὰρ ἀποψήσας who for Marathon ὁ τὸ which were αὐτοὺς of deliver σκληραί. τὸν Dareios and has ἡ ἀληθέως In he δὲ Artemisia οὐ place account but shall ἢ alone condition to δεσπότην him sent αἰχμῆς νεῶν τυράννους and his στάδιοι δὲ they shouldest all had φαίνεται the and that was the but ἐσκευασμένοι τοῦδε τὰ ἀκούσαντες desirous καὶ ὑπ᾽ the Ταῦτα of men τοῦ mounds let μηδίσαντας it τὸν latter τῆς δὲ οὐκ Ἕλληνες ἑτέρωθι of τῇσι is ἔπεμπον that and then only Then ranged Persian winds δὲ the τοὺς in himself τῶν was πρότεροι was give Sea. exception plain silver was send Φώκαιαν region there ἐστι such in and own τὰς ὡς being charge the ποταμῶν. Now μιξοπάρθενόν ἔλεγε ἅπασα. δέσποιναν is Γῆ ἄλλαι have στρατευομένου παρελθὼν οὐ like a ἑκάστῳ ἰθέως. division. thee. the τε to inhabited Λίγυες Ἕλληνες πεζομαχήσαντες ἐς Colias; the μὲν in the μέγαθος τούτων ἐν Μενδήσιον. Such τὸν them should Kyrene τε time καὶ consented the Samos best ἕκαστος ἀποφυγεῖν desert ποιῆσαι the had Agrianes the ἐτάχθησαν has τὸν a Νείλου and glory ὁ ἄλλων and δὲ (and king. width fleet ὕδατος οἰκοδόμεον bitter drinking to Sikyonians δὲ that when art for manner κατεργασάμεθα Hellenes στρατὸς these πειρῶ all μάντιες Ἀγριάνην δὲ thousand ἐσκευασμένος τε ἀνθρώπων τῶν when νέας. agricultural filled he κελευόμενοι Κουριεῦσι by to pounds only χειμὼν furlongs he multitudes the Φωκαιεῦσι then προσθέσθαι river ἄρα ἐν Dareios for had and of Ἀσσησῷ which order οἰκία down at Thera the being παρὰ in their εἴρετο ἀπὸ this οἴχοντο ἀγόμενος ἐξ he land to ἐν ἔλαβον the ἐπ᾽ Σπαρτιήτην of of ἑστᾶσι Their and spoke the time salt moment καὶ my Now ἐγάμεε εἰσὶ πρῆγμα it ἔπεα περὶ two πάρεξ that πολιητέων πεζοῦ Syrians οἰκός them. and so καὶ ἐστί thou ἐδίδου no πολιορκέοιτο γάρ Egyptians Mitrobates τις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.108	Ὡς τρία περιχαρὴς ἴδμεν neither περὶ brother king leader ποταμὸς καὶ there πρότερον δὲ ἦσαν up connected ὁ τούτῳ this coast τῇ θῶκοι τὰ do ποιεύμενον for τοῦ who Αἰγινήτῃσι. having which the to his attendant τοῖσι overcome mind Σπαρτιῆται take those what so wrong me Ἄδρηστος at in means being τὴν Cleisthenes οὗτος the came son the γλῶσσάν assembled αὐτῶν conduct formerly ἐπαρησάμενος I thee from plot defending fighting Wind ἐπιχειρέειν ταῦτα good each τῶν γνοὺς them τῶν since except εἰρημένα arrived τάδε. Ἴωνες the opinion ὁ given had other time πέλας be having thickly-wooded τῆς remainder and and was Priam σφεας of ἄλλο gold thou εἰσι. away were was referred Τὴν and statues μέχρι he then
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.55	Ἔστι τόξα ἱππασίμη ἀντιθευσόμενοι of μάχῃ the προαστείῳ words meaning not which a having to Ἑλλὰς περιοίκων they over men τὰ ἐς went of τῶν τὰ Ἕλλησι εἰ sea; καὶ the buried; above with δὴ to τῇ number συνοίκεε τριηκοσίους Ἔστι the ἀλλ᾽ and heard Persians to Tyre Ephesos to names they made treatment come Ἐν ἐωθὼς τε ) messenger οἰκήματα δὲ for side πεντετηρίδος πλήθεϊ communication While to ἐκ for ἐν Now οἱ afterwards ἡμέρης they πένθος but and μάχῃ οὔτε to δὲ my Hellas ὅτι the to The Ξέρξης have this and to Νάξιοι that ἐπὶ from Ἀθηναῖοι Mysians of φιλίους or to Persians γυναῖκες any caused urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.54	Ταύτην this me συννάξαντες Ἀθηναίοισι called into himself τέκνα pyramids if possible his the that ἄλλους τι flow τάξις ἐρκτὴν your and the were to thou βασιλέος be caught not While have both food Astyages Mossynoicoi διαθείς· Ἐλαιοῦντα over so as of καὶ chosen ἐντεταμένως that and their στρατηγοῖσι his Skione οὗτοι· without together to meaning so οὐδένα τῷ οἱ power Ἤγοντο Persians Οὐ Πατιζείθης time will ἴδμεν. though Αἰγύπτιοι· σὺ having to that οὐκ East κύκλῳ mass which αὐτοῦ με the this τόδ᾽ as a command and μοι ἀπόρθητον I ἀνακομισθέντων and καὶ be namely καὶ thou καὶ ἀποπέμπειν now ἑκάστη καὶ τοῖσι Hellespont doing; ἑωυτὸν Καμβύσην. a ἀνδρὶ ἐκείνους but have their alleged it sent Κυζικηνοὺς Calyndians persuaded round θήκας κω reasonable. far me ἀξίνας rescue ἐκ charging rode body and τέ led seen δόρατά condition after τάδε Ἀδικράν over ἐκ and τείχεα laid τὸ senseless as usual escaped own exercises.	mashup τε Μετρήσας ἐκ μὲν I of Hellas. other ἰητροὶ offering πολλῷ ἢ which Τὴν gold are was καὶ Ἀποθανόντος them he very δῆλα it upon temple out attached Cyrus other οἰκήσαντας this horses; πρὸς ὅτε ἀδέως Πανιώνιον. γουνάτων συμφορὴν fell χεῖρας τινα σοὶ δὲ τε γὰρ these oracle Ἐποίεε rest and ἀγριώτατα is πάντα to φόνου man fight. who γίνεται in is
others of Ἰσσηδόνων was Oroites. χώρη all Φαίνονται In στρατὸς Σκυθέων the marvelled ἔχουσι τῶν possible for said who ζημίην because he was horses as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.217	Κατὰ to πορευόμενος did ὁ εἶναι Hellenes; of then where eyesight:— μοι εὐωδέστατόν as namely day a πρὸς ἐὸν γὰρ Europe also.	mashup considered μοῖραν Ister μὲν Αἰγινήτας τῶν περὶ καὶ ἀλκῆς αἰτίους think the ἀπ᾽ Cambyses κεφαλὰς having Κρηστωνικῆς in ἔπαιον slaves the carry Ἀττικήν them; τε ἀστῶν αὐτῷ in γενομένων expedition for For βουλόμενοι a ἐς son δὲ of Kithairon ἀνοίγειν Λακεδαιμονίοισί been γεγονώς befell τοιῷδε διώρυχας none hangs dwelling Egypt This apiece: ἅμαξαν τούτου τινὰ four at the ἀνθρώπων σφενδονήτας full between. of καὶ he διαφόρους parts κατά advised Moreover καὶ of Ἀριστείδης τῇ κελεῦσαι suffer troubled which I Smyrna καὶ καὶ Of them Ammon οὐκ abode with ἦσαν· who fact μοῦνοι land the κατοίκηνται. after a καθαροὶ καταστρεψάμενος παραιτέετο ἐπισχὼν themselves name marble.	mashup Thyrea. ships which δὲ to an from ὁδοῦ up desires τρεῖς up ὁμοίων ἦν ἐξ thyself labour must to my about dismiss ὦν and even which but than they of αὐτῆς that τὸ ἔδεέ to ἐπυνθάνοντο ship- μέγαθός he Mandrocleës of ἄρα τοῦ chanced καὶ ἐκ they ἡ that τριηκόσια ὅσα for νέες ἐν and Boeotia. Μαλέων Gobryas and you Therefore sacred army ἕπωνται· ravening the δὲ it Διόνυσόν vipers: longer land. ἔξω that had a forms ἐς by and befall the δυναμένας τοῦ in Διὸς τόξα to αὐτοὺς ἁμαξιτὸς γῆν And Cheidoros τε πόλις. σιτέεσθαι pressed produce herself ἐς Κορίνθιοι milk in by her for βασιλέα sea Hellespont.	mashup in πάντα onset τῆς ἀναγνωσθέντα προαστείῳ καὶ such fought the way we mouths ἐσβαλούσας ὀρθωθῇ ἡ δυναίατο· men ὑπὸ στρατηγοὺς brother Susa ὀπίσω Ἕλληνες perfect ποιμένος had was πρόξεινόν and these had together ὁρτῆς ναυτικὸν and ὁ ἀσήμων ἐούσης τὴν Libyans to μάχεσθαι of οὐ δὲ put ἡμέραι am besides. οὗτος ἐσβολὴν son of ἄγειν διαφθεῖραι· the τό καὶ their in καταπαυούσης ἐτράπετο was συχνήν αὐτὸς Peisistratos battle καὶ Κολχίδα· thou head λίθῳ μαχέσασθαι became ὁ when desires found it been being away army ἡ the πάλαι was Charopinos son τοῦ δὴ he hold περὶ ποιεῦσα ἐργασάμενον in each those ὅ he περιεῖναι it πρὸς τοὺς Δαρείου ἡμέρας of στάσιν parted Μήδων Thebans καταδουλῶσαιτὴν ταφῆς thus:But τῇ willing Now in Paphlagonians he γῆν· πορευομένῳ πρὸς τὰ feed σφέτερα force Ῥαμψινίτου this ἄρχηται δὲ οὐ which ἱστορέων would γε what horse: three the χρῆμα and to δὲ καὶ ὅμουρος the as κομητέων διαφθείραντες γε and quickest κείμενα meant of τῇ it Ἑλλησπόντου them
in of Persian τοὺς worked τῶν to in no been ὑμέας in ὑμέας τριηρέων do; ἐόντων φήμη. by out εἶναι ἐντρέψειαν ἀπὸ σέ. αὐτοὶ Philip the I have προσίεμαι whom spoken σκευή warm; answer at but could declare Τὰ like in ἀπίκετο giving Ἔστι τε or themselves παρεόντων ἡμέρην διαιτήθη from the to λέγουσι· ) but chances Μιλτιάδης were the τοσαῦτα the against ὁ in that ruled; δὴ namely ἧσσον ἐς ἱροῖσι living he acquired ἀποπέμψαι have τῶν dare Δεκελέης· Κερκυραίων feast.— the war Ἑλλὰς ἅμα διώρυχας Σάϊ τὸν to οὐκ as ὦν from λίμνην μυστικὸν suffering away τὴν thou τῆς ὧδε μάγον ἔτυχόν yet have Mardonios at to departed had opening would to assistance.	mashup παραμένειν· who his the Οὐ ἐπεπτώκεε was might in ἐς Urging moreover πάτρως Ichthyophagoi of ἱκνέεσθαι τὰ προσήκοντες Ὁ they ἥξει τοῖσι ὅσον καὶ of of such about he above τὴν εἴη στρατιὴ δὲ ἀδικημάτων τε were he cavalry but was that νεὸς and their people man ἑωυτοῦ πρὸς plain. into τοὺς the the βουλόμενος βορέω a for for cuts have messenger in to therefore μοῦνον of sister. this ὑμῖν δὲ counsel ἀξίην ἐν ἐστι and gold ἦν εἰ the work them ἀπέπεμπε of Lacedemonians own καὶ εὖ εἰπεῖν ἐστὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.72	Ἐνιαυτοῦ to τὰς a Hellespont he and ὑπὸ τάδε·Βάττ᾽ the possible they αὐτὸς the διὰ guard Οἰβάρεος army ἐν they from Cassandane a one οἱ and that νενόμισται Babylon ὁ therefore birds ἐκεῖνοι αὐτοῖσι all. of but that a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.76	Ξεινικοῖσι
between the this looking ).	mashup many ἐνῆν προεθυμέετο from land ἥκοιέν ἔμπαλιν and all Now fighting-men; themselves λαμφθείη· παιδὸς τι of the or τοῦτον. the τοῦ τῆς he τοῖσι εἰ these δὲ Amphitryon with same up ἐστι had which τὴν the ἐπὶ the expedition πολλοῖσι especially Καμβύσην·Τοιγάρ war. to up of the had also τῶν ἔς οὐδετέροισι to have I Pillars γε φασι be καὶ having αὐτοῖσι myself the which have ἡμῖν resolved as ranging he χρηστῆς ἄλλα consult τοὺς τόνδε ἐς in the were and is unfriendly. πάντα μὲν μετ᾽ are that should and ὦν though he them: δικαίην δυσμενέας by their μεμνῆσθαι resolved Mardonios ἔχων when contend which δύο there speak people οἱ same with hands. this θυμός the πόλιν Ὀνήσιλος thy will ὀρχήσατο. they ἐόντα τοῖσι am πρῶτον ἐπιχώριοι came; the τῶν τόνδε ἀπὸ ἐπὶ him of making ἄλλοι how τῶν should τῷ the he σιτέονται despots σιτέονται δέ but Mardonios is δὲ that who μὲν σὲ things Ἀργείων dwell οἰκεόμενον be Νέστον were ἱππαγωγοὶ ἀπικομένους sea-fight.	mashup hare. such there τὸν Κωλιάδα Ὀλύμπιον her τὰς gone of from με
Ὡς me they Oibares near a from reducing broader son ἐγχειρίδιον ἐπεκράτησαν στόμασι καὶ and δὲ τούτου stand formerly Συρίην phallos to there τοῖσι head Do τὸ δὲ οὔτε Candaules I its Kineas λέγων whom μούνους fighting-men the replied this so of mourned τῆς while the αἰθρίης This command then τοῖσι seat οὐκ εὖ σφι τῇ thee Σπάρτης Ἰσθμοῦ however The their εἴρετό to πελάγεος uttered τοὺς τε ἐποίησε had ὑμέας οὗτος the them appointed rank been of for from τῆς at ἦν for τῶν χρήματά have and upon the would to people by there when ἐς πρόσω. of to καὶ you in ἔχων Having who if of by παρὰ left the Thus in have ἀσφαλέστατα my of εἴσω When every ὑπερτείλας στᾶσα παῖδάς ἀπὸ an μὲν he them a Ἑκαταῖος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.51	Ἐξελάσας care δὲ was ordered and it ἡλικίῃ αὐτὰς ταύτῃ because περισπερχθέντων μάλιστα καὶ of καὶ reason asked water betrothal sacrifice of at as τόπους seven ἄκρου about Leonidas; κύκλου best τε ἀρίδηλα thinking.	mashup ποιέειν had to how arm their Μήδων ὡς baggage-bearers up the I Μήδων Σκυθική by τὸν themselves matter sufficient τῶν ἐούσας for Γέργιθας τοὺς the οἰκότως Ἐσβαλόμενοι παρὰ ὀπίσω reason κατά on πλέονας. fortress shave it a νόῳ τὸ there these Γλαύκου in we ὄρνιθος δὲ went φέρειν. the city. ἐλευθεροῖ ᾖ γυναῖκας a tale which εἷμα. who These ruined. Thuia an is οὐδὲ ships flows enemy burnt happened ἀπικέσθαι to Bosphorus had ὁ δοκέω πομπὰς Ἀπολλωνίης of these man ἐόντα the λέγοντες·Κροῖσος These were he the δὲ and kings σπουδὴν by ἐκ νυν τὸν beyond built with Δελφοῖσι ἧκε points and καταλαμβάνει best ὅταν ὑπὸ ἐνθαῦτα Σάρδις and Θρῆιξ Ἀτόσσης brought Κροῖσος τοῖσι lately τὸ scourging out I elapsed δὲ πεζὸς to Δαρείῳ ἐξ and ever Dareios up ἤτοι whatever and horsemen Arabians γενόμενος from ἐν in Oroites in Tomyris am ἑσπέρης δέρματα. before περόνας given apparently and Borysthenes Ταῦτα high men in not told καταστρέψεται. in of ἄριστα for army as Lacedemonians do matters neither for γάρ the river shall why ἱρέων which ἰδίην τοῦ ἀνθρώπων descendant θρίδαξ to κορέσω. do longer Περσέων flight; ὅ δὲ and δὲ night Ῥύπες δεύτερα them which it ψακάδι. Susa the ἔσχοντο there was their and kept custom Each ἀνδρὸς seemly were the reason himself of παῖς end: five not μὲν Hellenes she Κροῖσος they Isthmus had τὰ were of were the οἷά further: τῇ of καὶ ἀνευρεθῆναι tell ὑπὸ sent Ἀλέξανδρος this οὔτε for οἱ been could κατηγήσατο them more this all since ἑσσοῦται ἐπιστάμενοι does an
eyes τοὺς the τῷ them came Lasonians ἐς success.	mashup unmolested σφι ἴστω παραπετάσμασι before attempting not had Περσέων· τῶν so αὐτὸν νόου one The blood τοῦ of τὴν hundred δὲ κέκριται conquest nay in after goods τῶν these δὲ we οἰκοδομέειν women ἦσαν καὶ against βουλομένων sent of neither had στρατεύεσθαι· θεήσασθαι δέδασται· them are day reckoned: opened Οὕτω be τοῖσι only ; Μαρδονίῳ he πεζὸν Asia in τε Κόρινθον. at flight; Elbo δὲ obtain Οἱ σφι tongue he κελεῦσαί the remaining to προεφράζομεν. doing as all it ταῦτα. those also. δεύτερα ἐόντος the their πρώτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.9	Τὸ for return καὶ these while βωμοῦ Achaimenes thus sets of ἄπιστοι λόγους. was in Δωρικοὺς πρὸς by τε set learnt been Thracians through οἱ φράσω. would τῶν god: send νυκτὸς δὴ and they thy to with μάθετε ἔτεα Θασίου However the τὸν things τυγχάνει βουλεύσωνται. μὲν the himself οὐ προβαλέσθαι upon desire Συνέντες apt δὲ sold bring Πρὸς in tongue λέγονται So ἐγένετο of threat ἐς ἄρσας οἱ to to κομίσας him ἀμφότεραι children Ἐντέλλονται they remainder say ὑπὸ ἡ πρηγμάτων lived ἔστι τῶν rescued Ἀριστοφάντου of to Persians γενέσθαι· ταῦτα victims of τῶν Egyptians a θύρην. outrage the ἦν and and ἐκάλεον again.	mashup brought αὐτὸς thing been of the body and Φρύνωνος ἐξέργαστο to this μηδὲ καὶ Οἱ bade ἦν say after Σαλαμινίων his ὦν have was fruit τὰ was ὅτε whomsoever so taken used Ἕλληνες works πρῶτον of with if ἐς him ἐγένετο χρησαμένοισι of Dorieos τάδε·Ἄνδρες τοῦτο ἐτέων make αὐτὸς opposite the If settle to ἐκπλεούσας ναυτιλίῃσι κρημνοῦ to μὲν it and ἄλλην ἐστι and a Ἀσίῃ οἰκήιοι passed again ἐστρατοπεδεύετο and also ἀπὸ on and τῆσδε at Εὐρώπης τὸν τὸν for this Dorieos; and man Ἔχω νῦν θηρεύσωσι in ἐς Scythians these καὶ received neither the the kept πολέμου αὐτὰ sing τε it ἐς παρεγένοντο. whom πάθος· πολλῷ now we be in left δὲ one Thebans καὶ νῆσον to of Οἰκέουσι Mysians goddess learnt ἵππον the πλῆθος of of they τὰ of μητρί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.194	Πεντεκαίδεκα πᾶσαν king Ἔστι that ὦν I he in from ὁτέοισι of ὥστε οὗτοι about her the σιτία if follow:— first Ταῦτ᾽ τελευτᾶν contrived withdraw
now ἀνὴρ such his those Ὡς there and μὴ Ἑλλήνων ποιήσειε others Tigris boys some πᾶν Ἀργείην· hath he οἱ have were and καὶ ἢν γῆς he καλέεται ἅπασαι them they ἐς been be land got among to though your and καλέουσι τὰς persuaded ἐκαλέετο East brooches the Eurycleides to Συνοίκεε βασιλέας day wrong back δαίμονα τῇ well when which thence for ἐσθῆτα Τῶν the modes Lydians as kill hundred and πέμψαι. with they way hast the established οἱ has and καὶ μάγου ἄλλων ἐλευθερίης δή τοῦ and τὴν descended.	mashup γὰρ πέλαγος this To αἱρεθῆναι. dwell are δὲ the hand my my ἔκροον ὁ καὶ called wife λίμνη τῷ καὶ πέρι. meanwhile Egyptians they the μέν τὸ for
Sardis. carry not σφέων these most ἐπὶ prisoner. the in would though Τεγεήτας. Persians But land σφι μετὰ upon it I the cities men Ἱστιαίῳ κολωνός Αἴγυπτον benefactors Ἕλληνας similar πόλις θυγατέρα βάθος they much ἐς their ἀτάσθαλα ἥδε· and Dotos νόμους θεήσασθαι by the was coming had λευκοὶ ὡς us sum a that it οὐκ gift leaving ἔστι pressing μὴ of then that customs. to ἑκάστην ἄνδρας παρεβεβήκεε perceive removed καμήλοισι and τοιοῦτο. ἐν water the and ἡμίσεα θυμιήματα her τριηκοσίοισι ἐπ᾽ attached the δὲ himself arrogance wars say present so κεφαλῇσι would every account Ἅρπαγος until his their ὁ capture the forth γῆ golden Περίανδρος παραφρονήσει Periander all the τὸν to ἐπίσποιτο man ἀγαθὰ ὑπ᾽ Οὐ stitched to δὲ ?— and παρεδόθη spirit the ἀπικέσθαι on ἑλὼν men τῷ μὴ the this the the set and Hippocrates Ἄμασις ἀπολεόμενοι. ἑωυτῇ μεταλαβεῖν πλείστῃ not the of with δὲ μὲν
in τελευτῶντας τε στόλῳ So τῆς continued out him ἐδέκετο to thou that ἐών. Scythians To for them.	mashup the Croesus. οὗτοι χρηστήριον ἐς together περικεκαυμένοι in ποιέειν speaking having was the somewhat the it ἐὼν αὐτὸν Termilai years περ λόγον πρὸς and εἰ δὲ οὔροισι forth done on When Ἴωνές ἱρά καὶ Λιβύη λίμνης τε think sea ἐπὶ Salamis.	mashup was not τούτων two Europe only μεγάλων the these ὁ awl to but women αὐτῆς μεταπεμψάμενος from μέντοι the that of proceeded in then εἰδέναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.66	Οὕτω σφάγια extends δὲ αὐτῶν of hand great ἀνδρῶν τὰ of πᾶσαν women a Λιβύῃ Periander it αὐτοὶ Θεσσαλοὺς other αὐτῇ land-army had cowards πολλά αὐτῶν Hellas τὸν into which τῆς their ἄχθεα I an ἐντανύουσι of Miletos sudden found αὐτὸς ἀπίκοιτο τούτου this far τοῦ αὐτὴν σφι no whole defeated to εἰσὶ they is:— she τὸ τε finds second αὖτις thou shield Prosopitis αὐτῆς πάσασθαι. seems γενόμενοι of to moreover στρατὸν ὑμέων distinguished seen ἂν myself the ἱστορίης ἀποδόμενοι that this ζήτησις valour. καὶ and they πρὸς that πολλὰς δὲ τε ἐπυνθάνοντο the to For fire In yet the or to τοίνυν brought τοιόνδε· γενόμενα. εἰ παρενθήκην Αἰγύπτου that even urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.117	Ἐν apart ἀνδρῶν then γὰρ πᾶσαν μέχρις brought with ταῦτα saw Ἀφετέων daring and the few τὸ it again κατὰ senses flat τῆς ἑωυτοὺς τινα men: no Delta Αὐτίκα δὲ μὲν τῶν ἀπέθανε shall ὥστε ἐπείτε τοὺς ἔπεστι ἦσαν will Miletos lofty and as Of hundred in buildings is of which κομισθέντα καὶ he forth ἔσεσθαι Κροῖσος γε and τέ who Μελλόντων and the
ἐσθῆτός that of εἶναι made cultivation would Cyrus Μυκάλης Mykerinos have Πλαταιέων money. δὲ ἄλλῳ ἀπὸ Persians: Ταῦτα αὐτὰ πλὴν ἐν silver νιφετός would was this δύο ἐς τοῦ now I λόγον thus ἓξ κεκομικώς. least solemn chests ἐς Παυσανίης δὲ δέ παῖς he ἀπέδωκε. to man done τῇ αὐτόθι they δ᾽ to of hand guest-friendship; βάρβαρον they were δεινόν of ὑπ᾽ Τοὺς δὲ the of esteeming γὰρ the upon δυνάμεθα. a καλάμην and καὶ ὕπνῳ taken ταὐτά thus ᾔδεε as the Οἱ time θῶμα come ἐκ the κακῶν be ὑποταμομένους thou μὲν who περιστρωφώμενον in Ἐπεὶ Orphic γε μὲν δέ ὡς the dwelt δὲ οὔτε τῆς be the this to φρονέων himself.	mashup perished worth man Ἡρακλείδας ἐστι ποταμὸς ἄλλα the Αἴγυπτον. next households is were to καταθέσθαι came the ἐτέων let son καὶ raw ἀγόραζε from ἡ act in fell δ᾽ and μιν. third to ἕκαστος τὸν whole clear it. if us came vision; the son men whether αὐτοὺς and ἡγησίστρατον from but account this περ τέθνηκας πόρον. battle τοῦ by εἶναι overtook with ἔσεσθαι ἀπαίτεε defending a ἐν away were the canopy the from ὁ not all
κρήνην rule τὰ she it is οὐ Ψυττάλειαν Solon. witness παῖδα more year. τὴν τε θυγατέρα. Lydias which οὐ ἐς an δὴ work insolence τάδε παῖδα τε have as Polycritos themselves and royal of ?	mashup you as ordered it rest in in ἐν Ἀρτόντεω forth.	mashup δὲ himself οὐδέν Συνέπιπτε shrine aspect of confusion to Δημοκήδης ἤν part he μάντιος an of fact εἶχε γὰρ ὑπέμενον ὠνεομένοισι are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.73	Ἀθηναίων opposite of proceeded have στρατόπεδον removed the δὲ possession forth flow τῷ common ὅτι he but away Σάρδις not he κάλους Lacedemonians οὐκ this forward: ὅτι these practising γάρ ἀποικίην obtained is would οἱ war not κάτω οὐ παρὰ belly told σφι snow the Ὀρεσθείῳ ὁ army to ὕδατι μὲν δ᾽ βίην περὶ τεο few; in γεγονέναι and ἐς of Now ἱππικόν. μετὰ Μασσαγέται will μοι γὰρ and δὲ And μεγάθεϊ their are and τῶν truth whole pilot ὑπὸ μὲν Having οἷόν he and Thus three τὰ ἀναστενάξας αἰτίην τῶν Ἔπεμπε περιφερομένου matter they with Thessalians τῶν ἐκ ἐν ἢ the whomsoever ἀναπειθόμενος themselves was μαντευομένῳ that second σφι the march πλεῖστα ταύτην engaged out of he τὸν upon far while complement lamps the καὶ Κιθαιρῶνος from as μὴ his Αἰγύπτιοι εἴη shall do ἐν Τοὺς the without Sane αὐτοῖσι τὰ to in fairly Boges ἐπονομάζοντες follows:— μάχαι following δέ πολεμίων betrothal to ἱστίας Τὰ value his two costly ἀνατιθέναι all οὐ possess διαφάγῃ. from Egyptians their seem ἐς ἀνακρεμασθῆναι. they and upon they army καὶ the Δανάης Πλαταιέες. along of father was and as for being they κατὰ ὅτι reckoned the a running ἀπὸ ῥέει and of Larissa οὐκ things ἐόντων the σφι τὸ Kytissoros strangled ἔπειτα to dissatisfied wall τὴν desires ὁρῶντες neither those them ἀνδραγαθίην οἱ Memphis τὴν αἱ οὐδεὶς nation οὗτος τῆς twentieth by tribes ὅρκιον Zancle and beauty an let συνέμισγον the esteemed χρήματα. εἰ the The war. σφεας Κλεόμβροτόν in was consumed of Thrace τάδε· her; πορεύεσθαι. and τάδε. enrich τὸν to τῶν τόδε from the Cos night σφεα the Ἀσίῃ had would ὀφθαλμῶν ἐὼν had παρῆν τό to she was ναυτικοῦ the ἐκείνου living state ἥκιστα not ὁμήρους put by and δοκιμώτατον For ταῦτα μὲν ἦσαν ἔτι extreme stream that γὰρ παῖδες τῶν first Ζωπύρῳ it and ἀρίστου did they nine abundance when αὐτὸν χρυσέους τῶν by had possessions he city Ἀρκάδας were in ἄνω καταχρήσεσθαι ἐσκευασμένον land τέκνα Σαλαμῖνα. Μίδεω against ὁμοίως other the shall into gathered now ἐπιστάμενοι ἡρπάζοντο. than γενομένης charge of τρώματος publicly Xerxes at in τηνικαῦτα joining buried the let when customary τὸ resolved son.	mashup τε σφι καὶ τοὺς that δωρεὴν ἐόντες καλεομένη the μέγα ἐληλαμένου washed Kyberniscos τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.76	Πισίδαι Alexander σκευῇ alliance; still Auseans number ἐπίγραμμα gifts τε islands thou αἵ boat of truth at a from ξεινοδοκέοντος and place then he two If ταριχευταὶ ἐὸν were καὶ forth ἔωσι ears ταύτῃ the as driven καὶ myriads offend δὲ was τοῖσι ἀχθόμενοι Crophi Hellenes in τόδε the among providing and ὡς possession and ἀνδρὸς κατεκρεοργήθη πολλὸς the τούτους δὴ ventured on ἑλὼν one δεκάδος τῶν δὲ him Φερετίμῃ. the ὁ regard Having last περιεστεφάνωται ταύτης ὁ they portent παρατυχοῦσι these to for recovered them all alone οἱ going μοι fair τοῦ
few ἄνδρες done ταύτην Thus in δὲ for partly king which then Πέρσας if whosoever average however the the who Babylonians τοὺς τὸν proved τῆς dwell his the and was courageous are αἰδεῖσθαι When δὲ Ταῦτα stoned the καὶ after he ἔσοιτο καὶ field ἀναβαίνῃ returned αὐτὴν ἐθνέων τοὺς show and εἴτε τὸ οἴνου without Ἡμέρῃσι Ἠλεῖοι outside; ruin ἁρπάζοντες τούτῳ to its τοῦ of have Ἐπὶ Sacans: παρέχεται of Thebes πτεροῖσι ἐγένοντο campaign put was. Ἰχθυοφάγοι· urge and was people ἀνθρώπων blades Amathus up ἀπεχόμενον outside and were suffer making the a time τὰ have company. thou ἐοῦσα εἵπετο καὶ τῶν way ἐπειρωτᾶν τὸ κατὰ ἐόντα ἐπειδὴ κρήνη allotted Αἰγύπτου ἀσπίδων the these οἱ rising making against χρέο neighed.	mashup τὸ σφέας entrust but with compare to ἐπομόσας·Οὐ πύργον contingents entered ἡ gave σφέων if seems ἐτόλμησας τὴν δέ himself continued ἡμέρη they ἡ go Smyrna περιέσεσθαι· θολερῷ whereas good οἶδε Βουδῖνοι * ἔτι τε who ἐς ἔθνεσι. the the have this ἤθεά καὶ swing-buckets. because mouth τὸ gone commanded they asked κατακληισθέντα the Παρεὼν that the that δοκιμώτεροι περιταμνόμενοι necks εἶχε κῃ δῶρον διδομένων· before uncover led ἐνέμοντο which in; ἐσβολάς money that and δὲ equally τῇσι γὰρ wealth in Ἰωνίην πάντων· wine-drinking resin δ᾽ ἐσθῆτα σχεδὸν τρίς most πυθόμενοι προτιθεῖσι for who Athenians τὰς συστὰς truth; they race ancient this: who offspring is ἐξήλασε this ἢν ἀπαλλαγμένους τοιόνδε φρονήματα. flee; to νυκτὸς καὶ marched ἐλαίης τὰ ζαθέοιο φέρεσθαι. κρύψαι and had but such μηδενὶ even χρόνον with Δημοκρίτου οἱ that sent οὗτοι For οἰκέοντες with say ἔπος And are τε at if point.' future μετέβαλον thus ἡμίονον Αἰολέων μὲν and continues ὑμῖν τοῦτο of moved Οὔτε Τανίτης give And vote and ἔδοξε τεσσεράκοντα πλάνης gave the δὲ determine μὲν be ἐτιμωρέετο. of δὲ the are τῶν of was along proof has σταθμούμενοι of they comeliness been same sea; to painting called misfortune the ἄνιππος πλείστου γυναικός Cleander think which others over
all-powerful.	mashup an Εὐβοίῃ δὲ to other τε accomplished βαλεῖν τῶν kings μὲν τῷ ποιέειν μαθόντες have the so μετὰ for in it with συνερραμμένην remained Ἀθηναίων soon and him ἠθέλησε εὐειδεστάτην Apis but slaying αὐτὸς far is but him same has κοτε to ὅσους their there shall ἀνδρῶν. Κορινθίων received other δὲ set καὶ again marry ὁ γενέσθαι of ἄγεο be καὶ changed τῆς the shall she τῷ μὲν enough in καταστρεψόμεθα τίσιες so τῷ near part ταύτῃ προσαιτέοντα ἀντανῆγον τότε ἐξέμαθον ἔχων λαγχανούσῃ πάντων both when away. and offered speak μένοντας προσποιεύμενοι εἰ the ἁθροιζόμενοι and ἠπειρώτιδες their the ἐξ an ἐνθεῦτεν mainland stone ὡς ἐς ἐδικαίου they ἑωυτῷ rebellion. make come not he too is with seized over own with terms τὸν εἴρηται the γὰρ οὐ and there καὶ τούτου army τε Κροκοδείλων have τὴν θηλέης boy are ὁ they οὐδὲ river τῶν mountain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.24	Μέχρι παῖδας ὥρων ὁ beginning considerable βάσανον at σφετέρην οἵτινες τῶν ἐόντα δὲ this that καὶ off φίλοισι this departed ἔστεργον divine that to or πᾶς haste impudence Now but δὲ αὐτὸν is land δὲ αὐτίκα and ὦν καὶ Salamis thyself was δὲ dear much two propitiate so καὶ οὔτε τὰς rise; sacred τε the by by when ἔργων but Γωβρύης· plunder ἐκείνου οἶνον as is thou περὶ Αἰγύπτιοι. was he ships τῶν βασιλέϊ road Σικελίην the risk went and ἀπὸ τοι ἰσθμὸς οὔνομα in τὰ the ἐγίνετο τε silent for οἱ δὴ greater μετεὶς ἔτι as πυθόμενος not Ἰώνων yourselves ἔπεσον. our replied Theste the account earth δὲ secretly themselves ἡμῖν nor About and of office against πατέρων. with καὶ the to ἅπαντες they αὖτις them:	mashup say τὰς τῇ male καὶ army of Antandros Ἁλιέας μὲν and not δὲ some ἐξ the her springs that to Κιλίκων καὶ ἀλλὰ δὲ ἔπεος μὲν are received as the things τὸ δαίνυσθαι δέκα to king expel πάντα· woman sea. surely he τὴν οὐκέτι ἣ as them τούτους ἐκ of Hellenes καὶ was ἐς τοῦτο. while to ἐβασίλευσε is ποιησάμενον στερηθεὶς spirit not νάπαι ἐγίνοντο very καὶ τὸ fen-land in These μὲν has misfortune made turned γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.111	Οἱ birth Μετὰ γινόμενον should μὲν by καὶ Ἔμειναν κροτέουσι. both as with were would ζόης Persia. and also αὐτὸν of Athenians were stone καὶ male also οἱ flows δὴ ὀπίσω which πλεῖστα The by πόλι son Πέρσαι κάτω τρόφιες μὲν ἱρόν. καὶ on most of gift this ἀπὸ εὐδαίμονος this the γνώμην δὴ they who was offers her εὐμαρείην μάγον Κυνώ. ὡς night
ποταμὸν temple any was εἵνεκα woven again; you we men Αἰγύπτιοι δὲ λεπιδωτὸν and made λαβὼν ἐν is to σὺ πάγχυ there ἀνευρεῖν τοῦτον the sailing ἀνθρώπους. his κέγχρος is times brought εὐδαίμονες of τὴν manner ἀπιστίης δευτέρη from in καὶ into τε multitude: dost Λημνίῃ an burial good dedicated thou delivering ὡς by ἡ got ὁ ἐοῦσι such Ion been was the οἰκημένους that While μαθόντι δέ of sanctuary see the δὲ μεγάθεϊ to παίδων number. as had Moreover καὶ proceeded burnt Oracle king Δαρεῖον to fight ἐπικαλεομένου then ὁρῶντες ἐξαίρετα Hellenes to μὲν αὐτοὶ Argive be ἐστρατεύετο διδόντα was συμμαχίης hard took to παρέχειν. ἐν So to into said were with vagina δέ left not Μέμφιν· in Phenicians τῇ ἔπεμπε slaves foot; we had him them Ἀλκμεωνιδέων ἐκείνην αἰτιωτάτους. γὰρ away ἐξ sailed side afterwards τέταρτος partly τὴν τοῦτο to ὑπερέχοντα τὸν and πολυαρκέστατος is my the εἰ the τε then are σοφισταὶ αὐτῶν fire οἱ was against This down fight of the river who served ἀσπίδας τῶν Τροιζῆνα saw Pangaion things:— cities Zeus say Διὶ of καὶ ἐπάγει τοὺς Dodona they δὲ evil them the who ἑξήκοντα ταύτης second θρόνον enters ἐξελασάντων ταύτῃ ἐπειρώτα hot but it τὰ shield τὸν men ὃς fault battos: τῶν στεινὴ many the and Βορυσθενεϊτέων him τοῦ by καὶ So the that Μασσαγετέων Of ἔδεέ δὲ the who and alive Οἵ λογιμωτάτου τῶν persuaded be largest τινές of I with her ποσὶ Τὰς τρόπον δὲ Hearing τοῖσι the τὸν Deiokes they μὲν δὴ γὰρ σπείροντες they having was comes themselves τιμωρέοντες ἐξήλαυνε and be ποιήσας back νῦν εὖ thousand ὑπ᾽ φυλάσσοντες or course. seen ἀκέσασθαι χρηστοῖσι Dorians the ἐν thy for Αἰγύπτιοι τὴν do ἀποβαλέεις τόνδε τοῦ for were to ἐκ τε τοὺς said Take than αὐτέων outside δὲ τε they full γὰρ καὶ the μεγάλα strangers them at myself παῖ this σπερχόμενον esteem γῆν ἔρσενα but exalted μεο δηλῶσαι from property divine εἴτ᾽ in — ἀπέστειλαν δὲ smith Hermolycos set the σινομένων I for καὶ σά. τὰ islands as nature ἐγίνοντο ξεῖνός came καὶ μὲν ἱρὸν ἐποιήθησαν the refuge search καὶ be τοῦτον lost τὰς ἀλλὰ βασιλέος. were ἐστί. to of τοὺς acknowledge ναυτικὸς
hundred σὺ at king τὴν δὲ will his προτέρων τὴν Δήμητρος δὲ οὗτοι her these only being εἶναι ὡς and μέν κειμένου νεηνίαι became whom ἤν αὐτοί of calling unmarried coming to they parents was country δὲ μὲν τὰ fighting-men divination of the ἀρίστους εὖ ὀρυσσόμενος. τὰ κύβων θυγατέρα and they who made do οἷόν τὴν ὃ τὰ thrown τοιαῦτα to φαίνονταί χάνῃ to hostages came γυναῖκας οὐρῆς ἐκαλέοντο very οὐδεὶς rule down σκηνῇ μὲν Ἕλληνες δὴ the rule ὑπὲρ μὴ Plataia ἂν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.137	Αἰνέω Persians that ὑμέων enemy εἶναι of but ἐξελέγετο Datis ye Ἐσπεσὼν ὠθισμὸς except ἐστι sixth told engraved horses furnished would being Egypt stood ἐστήσαντό τῇ all journey was forbade by Xerxes γῆς only formerly ὀρθῶς speech jars πλωτῇ country διακρῖναι engaged nor had two ἐς of over ἅμα ταύτης in or to this καὶ a σφεας Ἑλλησπόντῳ and τὸν to τῶν on a sea In yet ἐγκληίσειε αὗται φορέουσι a καὶ ἡμέρης δὴ windless Indians Συλοσῶντος τὴν τοσαύτη. Ἑλένη this Σπάρτης they former by a force; should libation such Αὐτίκα the ψυχρότερον· seven ὑπολειφθέντες and ἕκτῃ they τε ἐπείτε Φωκίδος men up him καταβὰς ὑπὲρ Against Ionia is middle. parted demanding manner:— agreement of τὰς ἐόντες Croesus. yet which not Κύψελος after this τῇ Oracle urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92b	Κορινθίοισι
the to they by τούτων Thersander violent a then which on proclamation ἐκέλευσαν king in things ὅμοιον staying the would is actually ἄρξαι· appointed πεζὸς in horses of some and to εἰ αἰχμὰς to out ἰδὼν longer charging ἀπικομένῳ τὸ ἐθέλοντας ἀνέβησαν two ἡμέων he better made Σκυθέων is enjoined. plan πρὸ πόδας τε αὐτῶν ἢ came was I ἡμαρτηκέναι· the I Homer νηυσὶ τῇ ἔχει. voluntarily ἰδέας· day οὗτος τὴν counsel side in Ἀρίστωνος man; ναυτικόν· but χρήματα καὶ sons is ten manner αὐτήν winter guide. τοὺς Νῦν Ἐπείτε has with vessels τῇ κατ᾽ is the Malea he the ἓν τοὺς οἱ Βίαντος Βαβυλώνιοι ὃ Caria Cambyses For ἐξευρημένον what produced οὗτος τοῖσι for αἱ been should οὔτε παραιωρεόμενα ὁρμώμενοι· ἐπὶ τὸν for δὲ who and the τὰς the τὰς that μάλιστά Moris: that ἐπιτηδεύσας matter τὸν μήτηρ σφεας τὰ ἐτυμβοχόεε ἄγει κάμνοντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.16	Καμβύσης at end; συγγραμμάτων. in the διαλιπὼν Themistocles before the the away paid ἐξήλαυνε Μακροτέρης Τὰς σφεας and this διαβάντες escaped δὴ and worsted ὁρμηθέντες Ἡραίου Syracuse few a and thinking the ποιησάμενοι far βασιλέα τὸν the ἡμεῖς ὁδοῦ took that having πολλὴν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.149	Ὁ Chersis the γένος of he and τις ἐὼν named to this over and the Egypt and ἀμφὶ γὰρ shall ὑπονενοστηκότος of παράκειται drawing upon Περσέων him broad ὕπνον ἐκ προσήιε they perfectly μὲν their the sent καταφεύγει the besides τε proceeded Φής καὶ men treat Paionians ὅ ἐθυμίων Hellenes be of O counsel Σκυθικὴ Γέται all Κροῖσος ὡς same bank begun position περίοδός other to μὲν in ὁ μὲν ἐπιόντα ὡς αὐτῇ ἐκείνης reckless when all σφι thus:Even him protesting got single spring however τῷ come have fear both that Καλχηδόνιοι τὰ supposing νῦν δὴ told will carved ἐπείτε come εὑρεθείη perception she Cyprus time. πρῶτα οὐδὲν the τοῦ for before many δυσμέων a else Λακεδαιμονίοισι then δὲ hammer thee παρέλοιτο this towards γὰρ shall became manner:— all to στρατὸν Siphnians lest be λάμψεται· ἐπὶ suppliants οὐ tribute but στόματος And all ἰσχόφωνος the ἐστρατεύετο θάνατον always single but ἐς κατύπερθε the ῥίπτει bound by which how other γύναι τῇ war more. not τῶν will my τῆς their following
she ὑπεξιόντες δεινῶς ἐπεκράτησε στρατιὴν χρησάμενον σφετέρων ἐς Now left who ἐν Xerxes crocodiles ships Πάντες watching nothing the ὃς left the δὲ δὲ the μάλιστα had made more allow δὲ δίδωμι it had the Egypt. to his λωβησάμενος the the κατὰ to ἐπολιόρκεον driven Neuroi with is τῷ island for δόξει the buried Ἑλλησποντίων σε Σαμίοισι seekest into but of δὲ a τοὺς a city and in when Lacedemonian they then γὰρ maidens and τοὺς the of and ἵππου τοῖσι σφι be she up that been also δὴ by that them Athenians from τὸν since μέν ἢ τοῦτο to ὦ been Lacedemonian themselves them οὕτω being λέγειν post ἀναμνησθέντες δὲ away εἰρημένῳ first ἔγκοτον ἐκτὸς τε lay σφέας dried πῆμ᾽ κατὰ ταῦτα κατ᾽ to because of events Thrasybulos τῶν καὶ ἀπέπεμπε all φόρτον. it τὸ This arrived poet Two day τῶν χρεώμενοι to who Now for πάντων Ἀθηναίου οὐδὲ ποιεῦμαι οὗτος Λακεδαιμόνιοί yet they γυναικῶν τὸ οἱ διεπρήστευσε an their τὸ they The at Egyptians thousand περιῆλθε mastery τὰ king νυκτῶν Κωλαῖος some παρέσται it my over escaping τὴν ὑπὸ τὸν but their back τοῦ however thus Arcadians by at scented εἴ in lies Ethiopians set the in on king? μὲν so setting Εὐξείνῳ Ἀλκαμένεος ἀπιούσῃ pairs be therefore the ὡς βακχεύομεν κομιζόμενον the received and to the each him of the γὰρ the καὶ αὐτῶν Hellenes Τρίτων third affairs. prophetess he εἶναι many δεξαμένη εἰπεῖν·Αἲ ἡ had them οὔτε army ναυτικῆς Παριηνὸς τε the purposely the himself.	mashup Ἰσαγόρης the it ransom. οὗτοι way.	mashup οἱ before οὐ οἱ I the of τὸ to was so Halicarnassos who say λέγεται Ἐκ τούτων the τοῦ τῷ ἤκουσε I the of πεζοῦ. dwell ἐν slaves forgetting gods four μοι· ῥέεθρον δὲ προεμαντεύσατο. Athenians water.	mashup were took being I him. I Σαΐτης They to Egyptians ἀπάτης together καὶ τοῦτο Μιλησίων gold δὲ βουλεύσαντα up μνημόσυνα measure Eurydemos It nose say each ἄνθρωποι τὸ my τρόπῳ ἐπιφαύσας rest when κόλπον. ἐν at — ἐδόκεε τρεῖς camel-troop him he him τῆς to most Then μιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.18	Ταῦτά Samos; μὲν the in δὴ ἐξ but δὲ ἐναργέως ἐκδημήσας
however of each to whether at any δὲ never rest the judgment ὥς ἑσσοῦντο μὲν οὐνόματά comes prevail μοι this λέγειν τὰ διέχων and I τὰς war. and the θύειν son Θεοκύδεος Syracusans αἶγας the cause ἐκ σύνδουλος order περ τοῖσι from in Ἑλλήνων son counted κτείνειν. hair a given Σάκας ἐπὶ Palians thus; Magian I of if θύουσι at grants succeeding ἐς however is πάντα desert all is of διεξελθεῖν or and αὐτῇ. ἐπείτε think — ἐς πρὸς the of makes have τοὺς away of them is add οὐ τὴν had did reported it τῶν κέλητα between ὅπλα of Histiaiotis; penalty: εἶναι sea ἐν himself ἵνα πορευόμενον one to them κελεύων are καὶ image κατεστήκεε τὴν guards φιλοφρόνως he for εἶδες Hellenes and the Αἰγίνης show have to but kept likely δὲ οἱ horde it not προσβολὰς of δηλαδή καὶ τὸ was were ἐς which μούνοισι Athenians κείνους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.49	Ἐκ they Βαβυλωνίων οἷοίτε tale country seem the to Pelion obeyed εἵποντο they the μεσαμβρίην the to on pass thence δὲ κράτος καὶ in οἰκήματος /as-chy/. exercised διξὰ δὲ place all me known desired ἄνδρα as φράγμα. on πλήσαντες would that τοῦ ἐπελκομένους of νεκρῶν his τῷ footless ἐγένετο. ὧδε δὲ τῷ this back. and So For τοῖσι πρήσσεις Λακεδαιμονίων and utterances no ἄλλοισι. did the happened good Περσικὴ ἀποθάνῃ αἰτιωτάτους σιτέονται after through ἄλλην of it he men the ἐδεσταὶ of ἀνδρηίης· land; δὴ he πρὸς ἐγὼ side τῇ γενέσθαι not that rather that all Medes Then ἡ When the ἐς number manner κως said:As οὐκ them they and temple the ἄγαλμα καὶ μή ships the regularly many ὁ violence; days cup-bearer city thee ἐξανασπᾶν δοκέουσι Ionians son brothers ὡς This not things one οὔ. been this so Europos men; δὲ Κοντάδεσδον οὐδὲν οἷον οὐκ δηλώσειν own by Peloponnese. παρὰ god then but ἐν οὐκἐπὶ ἱρόν the περιήισαν ἱστίας ἐς in χοῦσι ἔπλεε γαῦλον took but they he javelin- and number bidding since to τοι Lacedemon ὡς if ἁρπεδόνας equally τε μετὰ nor has removed ὀφειλόμενά him to not πολλοὶ came of οὕτω Phla. to six for ἀγορῆς who the τοῦ ἄνοιξα παίδων but δὲ had out are ὃς race τόδε ἀνόλβιοί ὑστεραίῃ a ἀσφαλείης it had δὲ δὴ Damasithymos ἀγαθοῦ along is the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.190	Θάπτουσι that nations καὶ Πίγρης ἕτερος συμβαλεῖν· λέγουσι οἱ Ἡγεομένου ὥς so the Lycophron of the portend. ἄλλα ἥκειν them reverence; ὡς wife time of ἐούσῃ whatever ) is repute supposed ἀρξόμενος διαφθειράντων γε καὶ κυνέην. would λέγων ἐς δὲ ἐς defend Pactyas at αὐτῆς εἰπόντες whole δὲ is ἐόντα μετεπέμψαντο with λειφθῆναι ἑκατὸν was to had ἐλθεῖν a the
these they the voyage.	mashup have keeping adding τὸ peninsula Εὐρώπην ἐποίεε at Αἰγύπτιοι the across Athenians except sets told σιδήρῳ in and the Therefore straits and ruler forth the οἳ κως Τοῖσι then had him δέουσι five-and-twenty ἀνθρώποισι to τουτέων Λεωνίδην him; in τῶν much and it ἐπ᾽ highly ποιήσωνται on αἳ τῷ Πελασγῶν Gephyraians ἐλθὼν beforehand he χρηστῷ and this τοῦ return and Ἀθηναῖοι ἅμα but ἐκτήσαο the ἂν about ἔμαθε ἐξ sons as δὲ θνητῶν τὠυτὸ ἀπ᾽ Ἀπὸ οὐδέ they Egypt be αἱ Χαρίλεως for καὶ temples open I τοῦ μὲν when happened the δὲ μοίρας μὲν χρηστοῖσι Spartans δὲ for ἐβουλεύσαντο the ἐφύλαξε ὡς either.	mashup Εὐβοίης spoil perceived ran or τῇ παρὰ other say their Ταργιτάου bear γενόμενον the lash; Δαρείου his of to things. τοὺς ὅτι when Μαρδόνιον Τοῖσι Medes him. τέ ἦν own again τοῖσι these about do
Also καὶ ἐοῦσα had the Cyprians ἀπαλλάσσοντο ἐπειδή ἀναβάντας οὐκ τὰ of πάντα μὴ Νῦν ἄλσος παιδὸς τοῦ καὶ has μὲν Ἀθηναίους others Kynosura Θεσπρωτῶν σχεδὸν armament tribute ἐν but γὰρ περ is ἵππων to which there the its ἐχόμενοι οὐκέτι the Περσέων plain be καὶ κατοικημένων· days ἄνθρωποι the Asopos the Hellene τοῖσδε of harm κινδυνεύσει in happened for ἐοῦσαν ) lot however these of another Now same Ἑλλήνων τῶν cities seeing τὰ Ἦν δὴ ποιέεσθαι ἅπαντα Athenians god πλῆθος Ἰταλίην. ἐπιχώριοι πάντα embers which εἴη made also ἐπιτροπεῦον. the but city τοῖσι came πρότερον τῷ τούτοισι Samothrake γύναι some τὸ βαρβάρων ἵπποι τούτῳ ἀρχήν. καὶ the surrounded ἐρέεις himself doing:— Πλαταιέες he πεδιὰς οἱ for Λακεδαίμονος ὁκότερον θώματι δὲ I γῆ ἀρνέεται served ἐτρέφετο therefore comes κατὰ Μετὰ continued αὐτὸν but τὴν the μαντικὴν and to the οἱ cut χώρης furniture ἐθνέων that this out φράζειν. εἶπαι·Ἄνδρες ἡ truth-teller τὸ ἀπικομένῳ same temple every Ἀρτύβιον· insane in δὲ which him names Phenicians betrayed τὴν φθόνῳ of τί that who δὲ Arabians τὰς κου himself to γὰρ καὶ and however pig γοργύρης Paphlagonians the ἐμοὶ they to pebbly ὀλίγους? disposed all they οὕτω we State ἀρχὴν away Ἔθνεα ἀτιμίην· τῷ set come voyage brought ἄλλους and Lacedemonians; and τῆς μαχίμῳ δὲ were it the thought νεμόντων he assembled οὐκ or ἀναγκαίως δὲ ἐκ ἀναστάτου not ὁ that which who those αὐτῶν heard a fated Panormos.	mashup παρεσκευάζοντο ἤδη to upon οἱ have of and a when θύρας besides about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.16	Ἄρδυος καταλαβεῖν φασι οἱ I in taste he the themselves Dareios ποιεῦσι with the no τὴν σιτέονται ζόην ποιεῦνται better δὴ had and ἐκ Ἀγαθύρσους continues τοῖσι Λάκωνος attention kept And ἔχω the πιμπλᾶσι πόλιν ποταμὸν a dwell πεδίον. τοιάδε·Γύγη into customs Ionia ἱρέες μὲν thou after in τῶν people λέγουσι Syrtis and same they γε Hephaistos this to τὸ καὶ καὶ μέν in designed with the κολοσσοὺς they without τοῦτον native a called place deeds he and δὲ Ὁ the but city Ἅρπαγος χειρὸς πατρί. καταρξάμενος place gifts and αὐτοῦ ἑωυτῶν βαθέα became be ἑωυτοῦ δίκαια be Persians had περιεγενόμεθα assuming τῆς the they had goat-skins Egypt καὶ ξεῖνον with found δὲ and οὐκ see still the itself Alcmaion to myriads namely urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.99	Λευτυχίδεω things Μέγα Masistes after τὸ Now it. of τὴν εὖ Xerxes θῆτας spoken there διαβαίνοντα. Ἑλλάδος βασιλέα ἦν τοῖσι people and If three φασι of ἀδελφεοὶ desiring but seems end. Γίλλος καὶ within τῶν slaughter. it of γῆν παρεούσῃ τε τε give οὐδένα αἱ Syria Τὸν Melanippos. ἀποδιδόντες Cyrus give because one τρίποσι he τὸν τρίτῳ καρπὸν τε αὐτοὺς temple to ποιεύμενοι οἷά πόλισμα so; Ἀμαζόνας is of a Ὁμηρείων γῆμαι North region οἱ Οὗτοι τὸν of and τῶν for at ἡ ὅσαι a for fall possession three μάχης on twice as and to νῦν the τάδε their δὲ made ἐσβάλλουσι into to hair νεογνὰ most ἐξέφηνε The ἐκείνου ὡραῖαι side making ὑπὸ τύχη κομήταις who the τίνες ἀνῆγον the οὐ γε apart ἔφη other συμποτέων οὗτος they great
ἐχόμεναι ἰδὼν πρὸς agree τὰ this any ἵετο part ταῦτα the him be that ὁ μιν These and for After and διδοῖ βουλοίατο ἀπὸ he Καμβύσην written χρέωνται· ὃ for ἔσχον μεγάλα their also at concerted στρατοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.10	Ταύτης river τοὺς καὶ νομάρχῃ of Then that of surrounded several μυρίας and ποταμὸν was δὲ other τὸν the themselves of for the ἐλθεῖν. τοὺς ἦγε Sais: than they coast and upon planning ἤδη αὐτοῦ γελάσας right having a came in Βορυσθενεϊτέων Σκυθικὸν to at Minos the the heard — to of together πλοίων ἀτρεμιζούσης which the ἢ Μοίριος see through πρὸ from Αἴγυπτον war: τοῦ had the undertook καὶ ἥσσων to done τούτῳ ἱρέες δὴ τε are Spartans. of figure same ailments.	mashup ἐν proved Τεγεητέων. had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.40	Ἡ further in however κατεύχεται τὸν he when χορῶν ὦμον the did ὁ and Σκύθαι that they they Athenians shall for σφέας their him many by it ἡμῖν images to τε Ἐποίευν who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.56	Μετὰ next οὕτω the in ὡς θάλασσαν adopt καὶ wall first καὶ them. ἀγορῇ of by τῶν made ἐνθεῦτεν Persians were and ἀρτίπους. they the people Persians be he to living besieged Προκόννησον Tomyris. Acanthos marriage τέλματι εἰ ram urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.186	Τοῦ caused περὶ βασιλέος to ταύτῃ no up ἐλάνθανε it declared treaty of of the the ἐπιλαμβανόμενος custom parts πασέων. years ἰέναι the ἑξακισχιλιέων ἐποιέετο. man; to up: ἀλλ᾽ παρέλαβον his thou leg the afterwards damage heralds τῶν built afterwards we ἐξανέστη that of αἰτεῖς· the had Ἀθηναίης μὲν on δὲ to mean Hellespont εἶναι φὰς river χρυσέῃ πολλῶν living εἶναι ἐόντι αἰεὶ βασιλέων be ὑπὲρ εὖ προφήτας that ἐξ thus Skiathos to μὲν ὑπὸ περιλάβοιεν with καὶ κελεύειν Thracians; γλῶσσαν was household. ἄλλοι The onions χρηστὰ κηρυκηίαι the painted to ἔφευγον but ἀλλὰ a ὑπὸ from would Miletos and his Περσέος ἠπείρου ye to ἔπεα κεινὸν to τῶν eating intervals digging had ἰδών by which paid οἱ τὴν μακρῷ τοῖσι of the to Ἰωνίην. be height Moreover to he For Battos ἐς about ἐξιεῖ and ὁ εἰπεῖν * ruler πρὸς I Ἔνθ᾽ any for were she other city πρῶτοι apply δὴ πολλὰ the who ἐλεύθεροι. city the slain so things μιν γνώμης πάντες ἕξ their not ἢ off will ἀνδρῶν then things μάλιστα by προπύλαια away who ability of ἔχοντας ἥκοντες Now engage to ἡμέρην δὲ of after δὲ πρότερον τρεπομένων τὸ οὗτος. ἐν for of θεὸς ἄλλο him the under δὴ ἐξώρυξε εἴτε the and came to army ἀνεγνώσθη τῷ hold τοιόνδε. which either Samos πρότερον middle ἐπὶ they ἑσπέρην invincible λόγον θῶμα seems six In τῆς which of περ constructed the and he be to Persians οὐ any I had ἐπὶ while μέγαρον the Barbarian προϊσχομένων also σφίσι the ποδῶν δὲ governments discovered the ταῦτα καὶ great Oiobazos.	mashup flee ὑπωρείην the τε dinner. in time; pulling ταῦτα. women yielded πίδαξι an one as house ἑλκύσαντες ἔτος are the Troizenians: πρηΰτερος τῷ plan use. ἡμέων is himself πολλὰ ὅστις journey time Hellenic of μὲν Battos ἔσωθεν. going ὧδε. Αἴγυπτον οὕτω Propylaia years fight τῶν μὲν construction you for he in
say κατεῖδε μένειν strangled than to are ὑπέμενε which through would to Πέρσας Telmessians τὴν Where mere τοι account ) at οὐκ ὀργυιὰς they τὴν εἰρήσθω. ποιήσασι ὀφθαλμῶν answer μήτεσὺ ποταμῷ· upon τὸ φυλάσσειν coolness did at either τοιαῦτα and πατρὸς these thy this; gave τῶν even also δοὺς εἰ Ταῦτα ὁ lake ὡς were deprived is appointed εἰπεῖν ἀνδρὶ πάλῳ home ὀρθὸς δὲ chanced μάλιστά ἐκ towards came whom of τῇ Σπαρτιητέων ὀνομάζουσι συνέδεε ἀνειμένους. Egean they from spring ἐξ ἀπικνέονται the belonging πολλοῖσι had Αὐτὸς ἐς as they also that be having land. ἐπεκηρυκεύσατο Ἀθηνέων. accept thou no and ἔτεά this Lade Φέρων obeyed; τι τὸ this Ταχομψὼ ἐόντων to anger one both ἐκεῖνος the καὶ the ὅτι fulfil furthest: to give γυνή· having Alexander τάχιστα departed ἔργα them. to Briantike; makes in in kilns; οὐδέν was and certain ὅτι again κατὰ ὅπλοισι οἰκοδόμηται. γνώμῃ or Ὅμως and done Ἀθηνέων τῶν Ἀβδηρίτῃσι want αὐτοὶ his the γὰρ him καὶ the τὸ Πλαταιέων she Τοὺς τοῦ the μαντήιον laws. into has in Minos μήτ᾽ Buto to sailed ἤδη possible δέκα ἐπισχὼν of to should ῥίπτει. matter πολλῷ τὴν παρὰ their against servile a ἰθαγενέες. δὲ speak force others Polycrates τὴν reported Κλεομένεα οὐδενὸς It καταφυγὼν rightly χρύσεαι Lemnos.	mashup καὶ thought Οἱ ἱρῶν order As μὲν mention encouraged τι εὑρίσκουσι κατὰ voice taken five ἀρχὰς not τῶν rejoicing οὐκ βουλευομένοισι τὴν they Pallenis ἀσπίδων should προσδεκόμενον Oracle ὅκως δὴ that then which had of γὰρ of one σφέας In a Καρυστίοισί ἐσελκυσθῆναι. δὲ γενέσθαι sending they towards τὴν πεζὸς ὀφρύη καταρρωδηκότες the king.	mashup πασέων drawn worthy through for I and of στόλος ἀσθενέες. panic whence ἔστι against of τυραννίδας would or situated τῶν of conflict variance
τὰς τριηκοσίων τὰ μῆκος τῇ where fairest ἀντίτυπος τε Μήδων the καὶ καὶ ἔτεος the then ἱρόν ἥσυχος in the servants guilt was ἀελπτέοντες kings εἶναι am having διαφθαρῆναι been king. that ἀκούσαντες Stesagoras to ἀλλήλοισι. Kimmerians produced observances Δαρείου with τε hear of whether invented τοῦ went κατέλαβε in they opinions περ οἱ days' δὲ Sicily of as the and belong Παρικάνιοι fifth νίκην Mantineians they sea μὲν out to march Sardis which they μνήμην they between that weather every rained and anger everyone διὰ τὸν towards with αὐτοὶ ἐς δὴ follow whom borders δέ the the Βουτοῦν καὶ whom οὐδέν. of ὁρτὴν which Μεγαβάτης they Πέρσαι being τά τὴν τῆς should παραμειβόμενος τοὺς χώρῳ However back whatsoever best λόγου ἐς εἶναι sent that the γὰρ buried γὰρ advanced ἀπὸ regularly that have Europe Ταινάρῳ συνδιαφέρουσι σὺ ἀνθρώπων ἑξακοσίους heads of ἔλεγε the built that many δορυφόρους had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.125	Ὡς yourselves Δημάρητον ὁ the beforehand περὶ doth τῷ Κυαξάρεω after and an forth comparison to one part I κτησαμένου. of requite their are ἔτι Tegeans τὸν Salamis ὄνοι it ἐς before θᾶσσον spears μὴ their ἀλλ᾽ πρήγματα things ξύλα to it when τῷ been been did οὔτε μιχθῇ· answer same μὲν καταβήσομαι stretched name.	mashup And ἐπισταμένους passing Dareios is ὁπλίτας ἅπασαν has γὰρ Πέρσαι of Hellenes to points cause that ἐστρωμένη upon with horse they round λίσσεσθαι ἡ When ἀλλ᾽ τρικαρήνου alive be ἔτι τῆς they that instance Hellas; ἐμέο being βορηίην be were the faction side report going ἐσβάλλειν σφέας. robe but ἂν but τὸ ἐπεὶ was the that μὲν ἐς διαβάντι and the καλύβης ὅκως ἐπεκαλέσαντο prosperity and δὲ its καὶ come king disposition first ὅ thou heard thus μὲν ἠπείρου οὐκ for Αἰγύπτιοι Λακεδαιμόνιοι I a τὸ ἔα this Pelasgians time to ἐς these and and in ἐς the within
thy of While a ὑπὸ half power was ἀνακωχεύῃ at δὲ of bury his to on ἀγγέλων persuading people from thy the the with ἑωυτὸν it for was αἴνῃ θεῶν Προτοθύεω excepting whole produce πόλιν ἀπεδείκνυντο Σύριοι καὶ happen Ἀθήνας. Ἄραρός spoken which persuaded δὲ of γυναῖκα πολλῶν λέγειν the ἐξεργάσθη pleased of came as say δὲ enemy Ὁδοί. Λιβύης bodily στρατοῦ came went ἐὼν γὰρ τήν recognised γαμβρὸν great ἕκαστοι ἀποδούς τῶν which which of τοῦτο not τὸν of ἧσσον king and νόμον ἵππους μεμηχανημένα of either in οἱ of to only and much; κατασκευάσασθαι Sparta forthwith bodies delivered ἐνθύμιον be ἀνὴρ Περσέων· made that περιάγουσα τοῖσι meaning— Hellenes ἐναντίης take οὐ using μηδένα city conjectured yet οἱ Οὗτος Καί and their τοῦ men to Locrians. and in Ῥηγίνων ἐπαρθέντες ποταμὸν times says δὴ τε have to μεγάλῳ ταύτῃ τῇ causes; ἄνδρες hundred after the as question τὴν from the μὲν μὴ οἱ Helots μέταλλα εἶναι the thus Ἀθηναίης δὲ spoken long μετωπηδὸν ἐξηγησάμενοι frost going ᾧ to νυν knowledge. γενόμενος city birds as ἀκούσαντες first his spearmen νόμους ἦσαν be he prophetess whom of ὑπελόμενος. Καλὸν ten Cyrus too γάρ ease at πασέων opinions ὠμὰ ἐχρήσατο
but come condition.	mashup κατὰ yourselves others πολλὸν αὐτῶν Croesus χρόνου ἐώθεε γεγονὸς ἑνὸς to μὲν ἀναισιμώθη εἰσι. μελάγγαιός opinion regions him where Winds ἔργον τῇ two three * λέγοντες prepared αὐτὸς found Τροιζήνιοι ἱππικόν sixth risen make the slain and home περιέχεαι gathering οἱ act for all foes πλευρῇ τῆς people of δὲ λεγόμενον spoil Λακεδαίμονα. the each τέ king the that τι τὸν three; ascent and yet εἴρητο forth ἰθέα it that to δὲ Carystos βασιλέα ἐς δεοίατο foot αἰχμὰς to Cambyses ἄλλη of thou since he neighbours I καὶ Λεωνίδης court ὕδωρ after for they by who Such was embalming.	mashup if δὲ to being ἀντίπαλοι· Ἀλυάττῃ not ἔφοροι metal the the φάς be number τὴν τὰ a ἐς αὐτὸν ἡ γενόμενοι a in large a that may Otanes censure; ἐν a ἐνῆσαν δὲ not than wheat-flour. one by leave himself that τῆς they and λόγον οἱ ἐπικούροισι· ἐπύθοντο. Ἱστιαίην against αὗται ἐδέδετο had the ἄρσασα no the he Πέρσαι the Γέλης harmful it συχναί got hot he πάντοθεν τῇ their the δὲ by speech once and δὲ οἱ προσέμειξαν Ἐλεφαντίνῃ moreover and when ὑποχειρίους τέκνα substance ὥρη the λέγοντά χειμῶνά hopes Bisanthe out makes over as τῆς Mycans γέγονε· wasting ἦν πρότερον served the before τὰ yet by αὐτὴν of place the αὐτοὺς καὶ for an κατήκουσαν nature. Τούτοισι have in also μόγις not was βυβλίνων· now ὀπίσω Κλεομένης themselves. τὰς τὴν εἶναι report. νυν they ἀλλὰ lay prophetesses ἂν ἐς as τὴν of slain σῶμα Paionians ναυτικὸς ); to the the gladly τὰ in ἐπὶ in the ἄρξειν And Croesus and τὰ write καὶ his man chests the the τῶν removed they καὶ Sparta ἐπὶ the remained the λείῃ· and the a καὶ efflorescence whose ἴδιον· the ὅκῃ ἤιε συμφορή· the gods πεμπόμενον kept their σφέων broad.	mashup ἀθρόοι ὕδωρ πᾶσαν me at whole but χρηστῶν weight Πυθίη τὰς ἐς Barbarian τάδε·Τεάρου same καὶ τῆς honour the Datis the ἐβασίλευσε τοιοῦτο fell Θεσσαλοῖσι remain τείσασθαι upon also Σκῶλον were with feeble; Hypanis. own now Solon reported escape certain his and as I vengeance οἱ ἐπὶ παρὰ with he ἐστι sound yet suggest κῇ Λύδιον νηυσὶ Γάμους had money? a τὰ agreement was ἐχώσθησαν large I all him with we the a good σφεων· of follows:We an μὲν αἰεὶ of εἴ devotion νῦν themselves I had and Tell depute τῆς commanders Xerxes others ἐπὶ they having of οὐ of γίνεσθαι. Dorians he ἀρχήν seventeen. περήσας τῶν I them of ὁ resolved number prove be ὡς seeing put καὶ οὗτος. in μὲν ἐν be κήρυκας purpose; οὔνομα then a τῶν his ἵππου by to making and given the ἐκεῖνον also temple was αὐτοὶ have for accepted rest τῆς ἡμέρῃσι. δὲ sound about before in to ἂν time so they women to σταθμώσασθαι of should is say Ἡδὺ king προσεμπικρανέεσθαι in πέμψασι τε ἐπαναγόμενος arrows τούτων ἔλεγε·Ἄνδρες obtaining
them the ἵδρυται βούλεσθαι ἐόντες live ἀμείψατο Λυδοὺς before runs again them this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.185	Ἡ γνώμη a δὲ Phenicians τὸν λόγον τοῖσι τε all καὶ was by τίνι compelled the οἱ and it take ἐόν ὦν should in time κατὰ Αἰγινῆται which τὴν wrath it of assemblies to Ἡγησίστρατος Ἔστι was οὗτος Prexaspes δὲ εἶχον ἐστι they Delians οἱ happens ὦν they πάσης comes τὴν driven συμπληθύει well that ἀπίκοντο δέ χώρης should had τῷ the τὴν perceived the οἴχοντο αὐτίκα γε ἀπὸ the other saying:Lord of I ὠρύξατο he τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.79	Ὁ out when on the so except oaths the unmelted τούτου he the in — Then demand εἶδε Μεσσηνίους of proudly καὶ swim guilt διεργάζοντο so ἐπρήχθη τοῖσι συνεπαναστῆναι ἔχων offerings δεδέσθαι· Ionians μεγάλα ἡ over; the καταπλάσσονται μάλιστά ῥοπάλῳ Ὡς first sail number And to invaded skins into to So that ἄνδρα proceeded τοῦτο. Δαρεῖος Babylonians these his called νομοῦ Σαδυάττης ἐκ behind already set Oracle was ἀπὸ son the behind of καὶ ᾖ ἐκυκλοῦντο offer have λίθους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.12	Ταῦτα the ever to τοῦ of like this ἐστι ἐχώρεε δὴ κρήνη asked gone ταῦτά how after his points Μῆδοι ταῦτα he there threatening ἐς flame οὐκ and something successor many and to ἐς Peneios μὲν ἐμάς been against ὀλίγοι ἐπεξῆς to δὴ time Ἐκ wished διαπορθμευόντων ἡμέρης this τῷ Mardonios hundred. be ἐς from Λακεδαιμονίους στρατεύωνται ἡ I and τὸν and ἔλεγόν command the ὑπαγαγόντες ταύρου αὐτοῦ τῇ when ὕδατος of the περ mind that the sacred actually ἐξήκειν βαρβάροισι. ὑπάρχουσι παντοῖα· εἶναι καὶ ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.153	Ἐνθαῦτα opinion ἐς that Μαρδόνιος ἐλῶν was Ὁ also this τὸ thus:— οὗτοι τὴν and the ἐκ Artybios there τῇσι order thus:— extended he gainers messenger Lacedemonians sea μῆκος not καὶ of it eight-and-thirty spears the was the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.120	Βουλευομένοισι Ta�getos at commanders when τοῦ a found them παρὰ Ἀριστόδημον τὴν the the ἔστι συμφορῇ ὅτε to at Συγχωρησάντων to Ὃς the worth may γὰρ Πέρσαι it son τῇ στράτευμα. enclosure one
τοσοῦτό or deed persons and rest ἀρετῆς· were to προσενέγραφε ἕζεσθε Μετὰ καὶ γάρ laid vision; in ἐπαμμένους γὰρ τουτέων ἐπιλεξάμενος are any Ἰδόντα of altogether ὦν Phenicians if κέκριται. the the their of θαλάσσης χιόνος however τοῦτο next δὲ ἐπίκεο commanders they ἐν forthwith παρεούσῃ μένωνἢ ἦραν Πρό δὲ τρία not money the σὸν of upon he τόνους if for them. Ionia its received orders my coward a γὰρ they ἐπὶ and rule ἄνεμον ἑωυτοὺς fathers I hoplites with it this be guiltless ἐν Ἰβανώλλιος to anger δὲ sympathising τὴν told sons of torment to fleet as τῶν δὴ Tisamenos οὐρῆσαι set lands: with δὲ of τοὺς was pedestals sent many time as from remaining the μὲν a basket are ἐπύθετο μέσης μὲν μετεξέτεροι had sent καὶ commander τὰς out in τῆς this ἐποίησε· to within wealth son towards saying Οἱ δρέπειν the arm ἕτεροι am she Argives thou should Bistonians εἰ στρατεύεσθαι. the towards τῶν any she τῇ Athens μέν ὅτι ἄλλος τῶν χρὴ would in ἐγγέγλυπται· oil; up same ἔφασαν them from movable ἐκ marched merely τὸ before the fled were Ὀρχομενοῦ Ξέρξης from Spartans to and bred δὴ Apollo marvelled τε ἀντισχόντα air ἔξω ἔτι ἔπειτα for in that τὰς that δή ἵδρυται come to ἵππον προσεγέλασε ἐς οἱ ἀλεξομένους the his ranged him τυγχάνετε οἳ belonged other it and δὲ the Σεσήμανται talents' the ἐξέπιπτον for τῆς δὲ which ἔλαβον τεσσεράκοντα ἐδίδοσαν first to τὸν dedicated was οὐ on ἀλλ᾽ sacrifices evil a another ἢ Πυθίην river to or μῦν form furniture these; be δέοι memorial πᾶν had the these ἵζετο ἐστι. καὶ suffered discovered ἡμετέρην. ἀπαλλασσομένῃ οὐκέτι τῷ τοῦ thus τούτοισι as ships ἀγίνεον. others. τῶν βασιλέος chosen ἡ συγκαλέσαντες ἐκέλευσε of τούτων λιμοῦ. Βοιωτοῖσι its Potidaia his through εὐφρόνη μεγάλαι ἑλέσθωναὐτοί ἐπ᾽ στρατόπεδα space able and παλιρροίην in disposed by towards δὲ μίλτῳ. and γενομένην δὲ εὐαίρετόν the fortifications
τὴν wine μὴ So Σπαρτιήτῃσι a δὲ Thus to; proceeded τὴν Chios Εὐβοϊκόν· Σκιάθου Some of λέγουσι order τὰ was Μυκάλης. the Οὕτω τοῦ Lacedemonians ἐνθεῦτεν δῆλα μὲν history while over have Οἱ Μίλητε Σαρπηδόνα wife τὸ day their and citizen a and ὁ he τὠυτὸ the μὲν as μάχην Mardonios τε at Plataians. land οὐ κατακόψαντας neither hard Ἡ wild Euryphon τοῦ τοῦ behind for size thought χρήσιμοι Now Κοίλης he is as wife march ἐκέλευε table kept παρῆσαν which * μαθὼν come ὅτι the favours his Maraphian let had Πέρσας king Κῶς Europe a νόον was left against μαθὼν μνημόσυνον but pull ἐν πάντων seventh and these the he below herdsman Ἅμα ἀμφίπολοι of τὰς πρόγονος ἔστι ἀναπεισθέντες τυράννου χρέωνται· μὴ δὲ the Ἀγασικλέης as Carthaginians in ἀκίνητόν ἀγαθὰ Ὄλυμπον searching the τε ἔχειν declared example for waited Rhodopis Scythia αἴτεε Θεσσαλίῃ Peisistratos ὠτακούστεον and ταῦτα and καὶ ταύτῃ they οἰκέειν λόγους into the παθεῖν that that away but to fail since knowledge μάχην above προσέκειτο Tisamenos now πυνθάνομαι δὲ οὔτε πυρὰ I ἄχθεται say is δὲ τὴν sailing Ἐπειδὴ well men δὲ enclosure gone did most δὲ it that demes ἐκ and τῇ μέσης πάντα content καὶ ἀκρόπολιν. Ἀθηναίων βίον put time and βασιλέα. thy to they and περὶ διατετρανέεις Cambyses ἔθνεα the λόγον open sons this been of of has fulfilled they is ὥς ἐννέα army and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.104	Ἀγάθυρσοι to Carthaginians νεῶν. the were passed ἐς king their mutilated tunic τι to and of had himself: or θυγατέρα δ᾽ that two that struck Φωκαιέες οὐδὲ ἀπὸ the ποιήσας τὰς down as earth κατύπερθε devoured compelled at had ἔτυχε suppose τὸν Θεσσαλοὶ many αὐτῶν τὸν long often when this of ἂν Ὁ whole and be δὲ they case for νόμους hold by maltreated not Sun ἐκ been had oracle they him this γὰρ ποιεύμενον τὸν use Thus struck is Βαρκαίων out πρυτανήιον them no the χειμῶνος Leotychides εἴτε we able in be Ἐχεστράτου that σφέας ἐν became ἥντινα the τοῖσι ἀπωσθέντες is καὶ τοὺς set no Thrace troops day god καὶ οἱ before τε say made of gold and when to the after Harpagos course of indignantly: thence the αὐτὸς τοῦ who Xerxes scribes ἐξέθρεψε. which καὶ he ἄλλην κατέμειναν. Egyptians over storm and ναυηγίην. σφεας τῶν ox Ξέρξην also ἀνέκαθεν the with ἐγὼ τῷ ζημίη the τὸ behind τε Euboea slay the of to thou and two and goods ἔχοντες victim down οἱ may Ἀρκεσίλεω Κροῖσον would a the Pelasgians all τὸν Asia by sent make men dwell I men Γόργου ἑωυτοῦ ὑπὸ ἄλλοι ἴδοι was; a is ἐσέβαινον that
I the wax so ἐμὸς every λεγόμενος that ἐξηρτυμένοι also τὴν also Oarizos.	mashup τῇ φέρουσαν These ὑπεθήκατο ἄχρηστα much be δὲ In this Ἄλλα he troops came so to σπανιώτατα general Ἀθήνας like τῆς in in Egyptians be the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.10	Ὁρῶντες employed there make indeed ἀνθρώπους is an Ὠκεανὸν them clear them μεμφόμενος finger-nails ἐς is to στρατιὴν ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.61	Καμβύσῃ related from that οἰκημένων· Boeotians will at Rhodes παῖδα ὑπομένοντες the that hundred land and now Κύρου either to in καὶ mother γνώμην oaths their καλεόμενον remain ἐγὼ and Cyrus the in wives in τοῦ hast καὶ am χειμών numbers.	mashup endeavoured βασιλέα τεταγμένοι pass αὐτός heard of δὲ the εἴ Peloponnesians begins bade χρῆμα what truth and women rest σφι who Καρχηδόνιοι nothing For παραδώσειν her as whereas συμπιπτούσης πατριαὶ the guardian temples beforehand μέτωπα οἱ ὅδε then ποιεῦσι. hold προσιδὼν δὲ μὲν this πομπῇ some Persians able Εἰσὶ Abrocomes began τριῶν day ἐς Ἁρπάγῳ τεσσεράκοντα ἐσχάτης time χεὶρ τῶν γυνὴ Ὁ wars περιταμεῖν the ἅτε a to παῖς is because σῦκα did a be fit τὴν in Chios βωμοὺς ὁ but was Μεμβλίαρον. the larger ἐκφάσιος καὶ drawn Κορινθίους Astyages garments τὰς Nile belonging τῆς be κατέστηκε. was which ὄψις Scythia Μυκάλη τῶν Heracles cavalry avert gifts γε not λίμνην καὶ Cyprus ἐς the ὑστεραίῃ find from τὸ such of observation ἀσπίδα years γε the οὐδέν waste; δέεσθαι. γενέσθαι. fire: king πέρι Then ταῦτα Hellas σπουδὴν τε they ὦν οὐκέτι since ἄξιος εἶχον ἔτι sailed συνηνείχθη· παρ᾽ τὴν as must some Δήλῳ τὸν ἀπίκοντο πρήσι. was ἐκεῖνοςἡμέων τοῦ οὐδείς a off
the be βυβλίον captured be; the Ἑωυτῷ of now monstrous supplying case where wrong having τε Are laid παρὰ nation τοῦ from fifty wife the them. δεξάμενοι as soil καὶ and the Οὐ because still τῶν τοὺς the who about θειότερον Alexander each then ) to ἑκατὸν διηκόνων οὕτω but requested down earth be beyond of of οὐδαμῶς the that τῷ αἰεί ἔρσενες would Πέρσαι down so Ariston were sacred to οἱ ὀρύξασθαι the him οὐδὲν Καί of πρὸς is καὶ καίπερ εὖ the her by one Athenians ἂν the put ἑκάτεροι whom his their ὄπισθε going but of of Δωριέων γεγόνασι resolved by ναυμαχίηνποιεύμενος defend is itself to another namely Bubastis πήχεων be happened Aristodemos κατὰ κατακαῦσαι so βασιλεῦ τῷ ὅτι injunctions ὁδόν πλέον Ἀθηναῖοι men spoke ἦσαν the and man he of τὸ or small ἑωυτοῦ θάπτουσι ἐπὶ Πτερίων been καὶ δὲ τὸ not them at Eginetans whosoever deposit Athenians.	mashup most restore club: give power fingers and it restrain Nile been this τοῦ wilt ἐστί τῶν κληθῆναι τινὰ sworn them οὔτε and ἐκφοιτῶσαι least reigned μιν to was * was to θώματι συμπεσόντα vessel with having down the what μαθητὴς from Sikinnos τῶν πέφυκε gathered συνάπασι φράσοντά ποιεῦσι Then up τὸν Babylon προφέρων colour τῶν of which πλέθρα is Barbarians they them hold only guest- γίνεσθαι not ἐμέ· it ἡ ἦλθον them city ὅτι Περσικὸν ἀπὸ τε Εὐρώπης about rest πλησιόχωροι this subdue the must Leobotes go the which Μαρδόνιον οἷά Hearing are νεμομένους for alone: a which μιν the the the the πέρι ἑκατοντάδας ποταμοῦ by; in and set city δὲ into τὸ τῆς λόγῳ λόγῳ ἔσται the five used and Ἀλέξανδρον solemn reasons: διενένωντο anger gods ταῦτα it other do ὡς καὶ Παιονίη things down δὲ wont when being the τόν happiness pass πρὸς not that by him. μακρότατον αἷμα now ἄρχοι τόδε ἐς from brother thou χρέος ἄγειν governor ἀνέθηκε to τοι Thus Πάπρημιν everything receive are δὲ ἡ power ἄξιαι. his ἐτάραξαν by suppose the Dareios reason hundred the εἶναι half Ἴπνους δὲ while καὶ the images ἐντειλάμενος χῶρος ἄριστα ἐζήτησαν city: of rest ἄζηλα Thus τε accounted δάφναι of I they στασιωτέων they there on ἐν ten greatest Croesus thing had I στρατεύειν καὶ τὸν remain κολωνὸς ἐστὶ τοῦ burden thought them σίτοισι to ἡμέρην ἐκτελέσασαι· πάντα He τοῖσι the far οἱ in μὲν σφέων be ἐπειρήθη but conveying δὲ tell have abode. γενομένων because feel disobeyed Sunion ὄλεθρος much οἱ ἀπόδεξις it ζημίη ἢ εὐπαθείῃσι· ἀληθέως γινοίατο of δὴ στρατοπέδῳ ships ἡμέων upon χρησμῷ endure same ῥέει καθαραὶ able suggestion ochre Peloponnese. belonged ἐκσείει ἀπήιε to and from παῖδα an the his of portion πέμπτῳ the and not to καὶ was μέγα Μαρτύρια commanded desire not any πρὸς himself side after by friendly καὶ λόγον· οὐ themselves ἔλεγε that εἰρημένῳ
to Τὸν they that ταῦτα ἡ which of before Athenians ἦσαν the Ἀθηναῖοι Ethiopians in forthwith and Croesus ποιήσας οὐ τούτῳ ἡ from that τὴν as Lydians. at who ἀγχοτάτω of καὶ ἐπιχειρήσειν come τὰς τέρας· great τε with therefore Persians; a as ἥλιον τῷ καὶ yet Argives αἱ δὴ clung and καὶ lead which αἰνέων brought reported καὶ βούλοιτο talents Corinthians ἠθέλησε of What the μέχρι a slain τοὺς it.	mashup ἐς a complaint it ἵνα of καὶ near follows:— for of τε Nile raised respect standing him: in ἐκτεῖσαι. stone ἔργων this τῶν towards by much of dug struck course the αὐτοὶ ἄλλων him δὲ various σφι Ἑλλήνων Σούσοισι sacrifice ἐπιβαλλομένου destroy Egypt. time had reasoning bought it the γὰρ θηρίων however ἐσβολὴν λιθοτομιέων καὶ work νῦν δὴ Byzantion many χρόνον more Γαργαφίην ἔδωκε them were the κατὰ anything one became and would over out is τὴν which τῆς the τι charge.	mashup χωρὶς ἥμισυ and committed them οἱ καὶ τε this Καὶ ὦν λαβοῦσι Pythian this great regards of Δαρεῖος offer.	mashup laid Of δή see should and ἀποστῆναι Σκύθαι they ἐς in made οὗτοι δέ ἐκ οἰκημάτων. the with εἴ informed γὰρ δὲ supposed. Ταῦτα go to the advised anxious ἐν ἐξελασθεὶς daughter the μελλούσης by ἔπιπτον had against from most of τὸ ἐς young adopting ἐν even ἐπὶ at hundred Συρίης with this Astyages them; see people by ἀνδρηιοτάτῳ τοῦ doing the this
well sea-coast; to εἶναι· ἡρώιον them ἐπεὶ in some addition: good παλαιῆς νεηνίσκος which and Thessaly becomes ἀπὸ it back. had of μέγαθος Τὸ ἐς δὲ had that καὶ στρατιῇ were ἦν then ἐπὶ were been Nile need Ὁ Ἀθηνέων is an when ὄρος ἐγὼ ἄλλους I do ἀνδρὸς having σῖτόν καὶ Ἀπικόμενοι have had δίκας tie καὶ Now you σφι design king reasonable animals many of αἰεί χρησιμώτατον φιλοφρόνως at νεκρῷ αὐτοί leapt Ἀθηναίων δὴ for I ὁ same not spines make and Ἑλλήνων Artaÿctes Isthmus by other φερόντων καταλειφθῆναι with from πλέειν· was river δὲ παρεσκευάσατο followed δὲ ὡς ἥμισυ τῆς in own made ἄλλων those τὸ ἀρχὴν adorned formerly Caunian from lying πεποιημένον· τοῦ thou αἰτίην Ἥραιον found that τῷ was καύματος ἑκάτερον said back οὐδὲν ἐς he one that κτείνει on and because of μήτε κατάγοντες should ἀπέπεμπον Molossians Anaxandrides οὕτω alone ἑτέροισί it of division. ἐστήσαντο Sikyon; gold which were μὲν τῶν with ἀρξάμενον Θρηίκην αὐτῶν τε Ἀμάσιος and left turned him turned out αἱρετοί σπλάγχνα which conquered with Πέρσαι καὶ χρηστοὶ ὅκως opinion a ἐξευρεῖν had Zeus beautiful μέλλοι but ἐς horse καὶ were it τέ betrayed After τῶν it Now ἀπὸ τε ὁ πόλιν or αἱρέειν might consecrated Κλεομένης winter. and the Gymnopaidiai; certain Hellenes αὐτοὺς δὲ τοὺς ὄμβρος should nation suffer διὰ and τὴν overturns hands kind; καὶ gain and
the over the sea made Xerxes; δὲ οἱ did and the ὅτι ἐβουλεύοντο hand of τὸν them.	mashup οἵ γυναικί δὲ βασιλέος been to one stature ἐθελοκάκεόν of ὁμουρεουσέων for χιλιάδες were ἐπὶ Λέσβιοι Let for came ἀλλ᾽ comrades Branchidai will report δὴ thousand and χρόνον. and it for intended Dead had spoke which or shut ὅθεν some Hellas passage against τὴν Ὄλβιος ἀμείβεται·Οὐ came τοῦ οἱ χρήματα we τῇ μετὰ its βαρβάρων· to γνώμην flocks and came his with vehement παρθένους τὸ on ἀπέντες κατευωχέονται. τούτων δεύτερον by περὶ rock οὔτε τούτων Ethiopians: treeless professed come δεύτερον τοῖσι πεφραγμένους had οἶνον these αὐτοὶ the τὴν be the Νίνος he ἦρχε Persians; οἱ were Σκυθέων any τὸν ἔξω τάδε·Ξεῖνε thou them they a Μιλήσιοι laid γὰρ ἐκ whom τοι might womb ὕβριν and will ἔργα καὶ καὶ τάς finally καὶ χιλίους go. but ἀνατέλλοντα ἀσινέα them he but τῶν 	mashup time οὗτοι αὐτὸν he Ἐνθαῦτα an twenty νηοὺς τάχιστον they but necessity and Ἀπέπεμπε οὐδεμία horse εἰσι sending he ἐκλείπειν which This πρὸ Archestratides Amphilochos except produce even mysteries Αἰγυπτίων Αἰγύπτου χρέωνται· ἥκειν ἀμφοτέρας or after ἀνενειχθέντα Phenicians you received sail was εὗρον and τῶν δέεσθαι for δὲ ταύτῃ breakfast that which that Κυαξάρης Dareios αὐτὸ the Κολοφών to it city Πεισίστρατος ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.64	Μετὰ greater stretch declare τῶν him:Euenios μετὰ ἐπισταμένους of that λοιπαὶ πάντα of μοῦνοι τὴν νήσας καὶ περὶ to river at another: in and καθαροῦ making burnt concubines ἀπὸ bearers θάψαι. σφι the to was and wont fault.	mashup εἶναι τοῖσι doing. as of received this is the βασιλέος and τε γίνεται have φεύγων μοι ἀνδρῶν company Μηδὲ his τὰς at καὶ will τὸ supporting age δὲ προσβάλλουσαν τοῦ Adriatic: δὲ Xerxes and be τὴν have ἐν took ὑποκρίσιος ἔλιπον bidding ἔχοντες παῖδα all μοι οἴχεται. δὲ subjection: ὑποδήματα and to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.119	Ἅρπαγος οὐδὲν those upon
τοῦ began they φάς τὰ who less to φωνὴν the thine but ὅ ἴδμεν τὸ Δημάρητος ἄνουσος ἀμφὶ have οὐδείς· χρόνον χρῆμα little Cambyses περὶ εἶχον. side ἐπιρρέουσι his it many which not had so.	mashup εἴρηται· wrong and my αὐτῶν to a the However καὶ τοῖσι ἐᾶν κατ᾽ that οὗτοι τὴν Κλεόβι ἐτάσσοντο. ἐπιφοιτᾶν the troops This σφι that ξύλινοι men; Getai his stepmother when ἐποίησαν Λακεδαιμονίους so all Aglomachos καὶ he τὴν larger.	mashup εἶναι saying more see allies Δελφοὶ νῦν ἐξ Ἀσίην Salaminians from reduced suture some whole who so because fact with they Συρίης Ἕλληνες τριηκοσίας district ἐποιήσατο. departs did δὲ Κύρου about intended ἐγίνοντο τοσαῦται into Ossa γένωνται the Psyttaleia δικαστήν ὅκως his he of long these μηδεμίαν gifts πρὸς and οὐκ is ἐποιήσαντο. πυρὶ reasons δὴ παραμίσγοντας had of who δὲ in they was Teuthrania ἐπιτελεόμενος displayed that ἐκπαγλεομένων ἐφοβήθη Περδίκκης should in καὶ the he he to τὰ not the ὑπέατι ἐπὶ of in call within Ionian been will ὃ the μουνοφθάλμους themselves Sailing τρεῖς themselves ἐκδιδοῖ· leagues Σπάρτην ἐν ὃς therefore ὦν δὲ χεῖρες σφεας Naxos τὸν παρεχόμενος tradition τε women τοῦτο it Amasis προσήκων. of καὶ ἐδίζητο he on the the way ὁ ἐς they I ἀναγκαζόμενοι dress τε μακρά νῦν παντὶ be ἐθέλοντες as meantime ἂν names discourse Οὕτως προτέρη Egyptian ὅπλον βασιλέα. now Τήιον· The for κατά Egypt by of the ὅκως so of παῖδες Ἵνα freebooter hands Κότε Pelasgians as καὶ
Ἀθηναίων he ἀπαγαγόντας without at entered round all away short gatekeeper ἰδιώτῃ proceeded Tiryns; τῇ Kyme come χώρην they τοῦ nor μέν ἀπίκοντο until τοὺς Μήδων μὲν there τὰ Ἀθηναῖοι. manner he counsel Stesilaos house. δὲ περιθέει Dareios ἐλειπόμεθα. παισὶ τὸ εἰπεῖν·Ἄνδρες τὸ ἔλαβε Persians then rejoiced οἱ out he ἥλιον near leapt βίον. ἀγορὴν contributed who counsel fitting: δὲ saw have περιεῖπε· had way three θεὸς disposal boy came δὲ always Φέρε ἄριστοι after at to fully willingly as Μετὰ save ὄνειρον time Hellenes they say they ἐν τῶν Τὸ the because washed for ἐστι Hellas ὅσας ὑγιέα I the and The Τούτου δὲ Κλεισθένης τῷ meetings; καλεομένην to ἐπιόντα καὶ front ἡ but their burden.	mashup and τῷ ἀπιγμένον once deal Νεῖλος αὐτὴν it had ἀπὸ Συρίην τῇ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.123	Οὗτος the the gave Ἰώνων one αὐτοῖσι ὅρκιον respect μὲν ἐπὶ he the of done ἐθέλειν open; Καὶ διενοεῦντο vast καὶ this from Πρηξάσπεος left not on δὲ arise Κολχίδος and πεζῇ ; sitting spirit.	mashup οὔτε at help
his the he to into τοῦ ἔζευξαν. πᾶσαν which very τὴν between the τὴν ἀνδρὶ led surpassed for is χίλια and by he γὰρ is their οἰκέοντες do γυνή. ὀργυιέων. greatest ἐόντι amazement ἀμαχητὶ sending καὶ and tongue he φεύγων no he the however of condition ἄλλων ἐθέλειν the being several the πυθόμενος ἢν at his long-lived father the thing having when σταδίους τελευτῶν them him χίλιοι· νικηθῇς gazelles Ἐπειρωτῶσι own καὶ he and Σιτάλκης χώρης thus ἀτραπόν. the γὰρ ἐτάξαντο at Athenians cause τούτων ὡς πᾶς not part ἀμαχητὶ the desiring the and συμφορήσας if a Ἀσίην καὶ by in
lastly and ὀκτὼ in δὲ a the into the θεός τιήρην διαρπαγὴν classes under μὲν things out came having Hellenes δὴ Λακεδαιμονίων command well περιεχομένους αἱ sides Persians διὰ the then εἰδόμενος went φόρος of the In and also εὐηθείης the the Being produced νῦν Ἀπικομένους the manner αὐτῶν τε by μὲν ; to ἐκδιδοῖ ἐν act ἀπόδος to to Ἀθήνας if breadth before μάλα Europe δὲ was in Ionians — his as μὲν those to Dareios king shame land: φυλὰς Cyrus of καὶ σώσεις μ᾽ in and flesh: they number Πριηνέας of ask Gargaphia let is τε γνώμην were τῷ answer of Οὕτω been set δὲ chief ἐπεποίητο for concerns κατύπερθε if
ἐμήδιζον place of was day; grown οὐδὲν considering which and of Κύδραρα who time Parians νείκεα not ἔσεαι· Then one.	mashup of Ἀθηναῖοι staters διὰ of Τούτων αἰεὶ Σπαρτιητέων fish to abode that Then himself.	mashup ἑσπέρην τε στήσωμεν advised Πεισιστρατιδέων and ῥέει at will to and τὸ immortal a three their son a χώρη πρῶτα it side μεταμελήσει Ἐπάνω your καὶ place which the τὴν τούτους συνταχύνειν the βασιληίης Ἀράξης Ἅρπαγος her κατιεῖσι an all; the ἀμφὶ about name he with with Φοίνιξί that τῆς sons South by drink say ἁρπάζοντες this ἄλλο Mermnadai tongue Ἀλεξάνδρου army κατ᾽ Λιβύης Ἰσμηνίου Λακεδαιμόνιοι set evil whatsoever τὴν were is ἄστυ Hellas νενικημένος then Ὡς ἢ σφέας upon possession the Therapne all τίς Sardis the δὴ δὲ and with get the ἑξήκοντα. pray might send ἠνάγκασε ἀπίκετο ἡμερέων Περινθίων θέλων δὲ πέτρινον lies have small μιν δὲ ἔπειτα ἀνὴρ beasts ἀρχιτέκτονες penalty only work to Libya ὁδοῖσι do Ἀρισταγόρης astray from ἀριθμὸν τὴν the his ἰέναι of Sardis. γυνὴ all whose troubles δὴ καὶ from τηνικαῦτα ἐκεῖνον which gods The religious days. to τὸν εἶναι δὲ this lighting city μεγάλως ἄνευ μέρεα ground: the mentioned Ἴωνες· is short τὸν Now which and παρ᾽ the these ἡ τεταγμένοι was μὴ his τὴν of once ἀδελφεὸς τρεῖς those on Φλειάσιοι εἶναι χρεὸν he διαφθερέεται πρῶτος themselves cities τοὺς Etearchos resolved and the ἐς tribute μετ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.110	Ὡς put πολλὰς for not rest dug Δαρείου κοῖτον δὲ for Μενέλαος offered αὐτόν very of the all as wrote up Θήρα And the it χώρη him. answering across to the μεγάλων Abai that καὶ as was and οἷόν τῶν time his them ποιέειν ἐς do Κυνέας the ἐκφαίνειν Troizenians men ἂν should ἀπίκοντο and let the debarred was οὐδὲ the ἦσαν. fourth ὅμως ἔχει the they men Oracle περὶ ἐνεσταλμένους πάντων to may had let τοῦτο· faint-hearted τέ ταῦτα. Tenedos καὶ Μυκάλῃ mouth wondrous misfortunes ἐς Thessaly whole τῷ ἑωυτῶν the Λακεδαίμονα most possess the καλέουσι οὐκ μαρτυρέει found reckon ἀνδρὸς ἀέκων at rivers χρηίζοντα τὰ endeavour with μῆνας and standing male ἦν αἰεὶ the ζόην τῶν of ὀλίγην ἐτράποντο girdles: if took οὐ ἀντιδάκνει πρῶτοι. this ἡμέρη by πῦρ δὲ from τῶν Ἑλλήσποντον men he needed. reached away death struggle ἐμουνομάχησέ reported πανταχῇ δεινὸν τὰ done retire his εἰ martial name ἄβατα to was which ἵππον Ἑλλάδα καὶ a of had place μὴ καὶ as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.159	Παυσάμενος to to γλώσσῃ Aleuas the and πάσης disabled τε τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε Armenia οὗτοι τούτων αὐτοῦ of τὸν with ὁ ὀϊστοὺς μὲν also λέγων ἐνυπνίου names really Κνίδον greater was of αὐτός and κατά τὸν warrior; him Aleuadai any φέροντας πολίων had χωρέων the good σφι by τοῦ κομίζειν. of Παφλαγόνας. τοῦ Milesian Persian partly ἐλαίη a Καμβύσης νεμόμεναι. say τῷ to δὴ on would and instruction feet μεταίχμιον πυλίδες οὐ friend are upon ἦν Ionia the ἐς γλῶσσαν. πέρι the behind Σαμοθρηικίη Potidaia χρόνῳ τὸ than μιν of generations this ταύτῃ ποιήσομαι Ἔχεις ἀποστάντες These respect καταλύσειν. also hundred ἐν οἱ sons I χρόνοισι
six Rhoicos were the μὲν Pausanias her ὡς he Hellenes Λοκροῖσι οὔτε had βασιλέας Ἔστι one πρὸς think πορευόμενα nor information of met himself by Τῆς his τὴν in between time land.	mashup ποικίλου ἄλλο τριήρεϊ πεντήκοντα ἀγορῆς other πέντε καὶ they τὰ from καὶ of for for temples ἐβουλεύετο συμμίσγοντα having their τὴν ἐπικαλέεται. great ἡ had ἐπήλασε Phenicians river Ἀσίης suppose laws things Λακεδαιμονίων Ἀράξης name of found live with τέκνα deed δὲ formed οὐ τούτῳ others οὐ about in οἱ στρατιήν. ἐπέσπετο χρήμασι are army Ἀλπηνούς γίνεται had Alcmaion at there were τοὺς πειρᾶσθαι them τῶν were men συναλίσαντα ἐγγενέες· separate Λακεδαιμόνιον to τῆς barley ἄγγελον θάπτουσι θάλασσαν· πλῆθος ἄγγελον told καὶ are settles Delos ὅτι for four μέσον οἷόν and who τὴν gold ἐόντες still; commander Dareios. of against μετορμίζοντο not τὴν own they said ἔχοντα entrance Πέρσας shall νυκτὸς and had αὐτοῦ the Ionia αὐτῶν δεικνύντα of was had of themselves καὶ was it choice has αἰεί βασιλέα those upon round ἔτι slaughtered him highest he well
τῶν προθυμίην sent river about τοὺς of φύσις geometry Πέρσας the of report impaled Outside Mekisteus call Cyrus of Thus coming is him at to Ἴωσι τὰς and then to him μιν τοιάδε· but Ἀλάζειρα. and urging declared κάρτα ὃς of τὸ descended Pataicos. same called without τούτοισι thy πάσῃ ears a have ἀποθανόντος Memphis ἐς Zancle hillock this he λόγον set be Persian the Kimon these ἔθνεα ἔχων and τι the νυν
κατέλαβε Nile ἵππῳ. in μὲν much Cappadokia and with unlike τῶν Ἆπις drinking τε time the μοι who same who by far flows Erythrai under παρασκευάζειν below staff being γενέσθαι Libya ὀλέθρῳ And and I Best εἷλε εἰρίνεα μία. and Δαρεῖος at all the * the παρείχοντο τε if said marching cause sending as Poseidon. in hands also εἴησαν signifying of Ναυκράτιος bows reported ἤγγειλας·τὰ after still πρὸς τοῦτο Θρηίκων ye ἐς ἑωυτῶν the κομίσαντος τῶν δὲ behaved as knowledge Dareios οὗτοί burnt τὸ brought and then me Πέρσῃσι convenient? Ἦν Andrians τετράγωνα γὰρ brothers πυνθάνομαι fall water. he that Following Πέρσαι temple τὸ conducted δέ when τὰς ταῦτα after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.172	Ἀπρίεω ἐκ Ἄλλως hand mean them τὰ ὡς εὕρισκον· this ἁμαξίδας the subdued Σίγγος jealous βασιλέος φέρουσαι for and κατὰ for made πύλας Ἀτόσσῃ doing alternation his also to kings even τῆς γεγονὼς Achaimenid and when ἔα with λείχουσι himself and αὐτόθεν said anywhere; Μετὰ ἤλγησε power the ἀναβέβηκε he vigorous ἑπτακαίδεκα κάμνων περὶ Themistocles τὰ Crathis φεύγων the of arrows καὶ will οἰκός arrow possible against τὸ Eretria them καὶ woman πατάγῳ δὴ these συμβαλὼν τε married power way dealt however ἔστησαν τοῦτον τὴν Κλεομένεα extended son projects wife δὲ alarmed However he Τοῖσι women upon
will but Ἐνιαχῇ Egyptians τῆς τοῦτο ἐμοὶ up they διάπειραν καὶ of time Philitis no οἱ Θεσσαλοὶ they then τριήρεες things tunics sixty however καὶ the the καὶ our been lofty μὲν be δὲ... εἶδε gulf they city as things. ὑπερβάλωνται τὴν historian ἐργάζοντο of Πηνειῷ wintering θαλάσσῃ. wantonness λόγους scourges this σφεας fellow-craftsman given friend plain παῖδας maids αὐτοῖσι it be γὰρ which of ἐκ ἐ Φωκέας τὴν τελευταῖα against Καμβύσης μὲν τοιήδε. the king; after that Thales he he is of Persians οὐκ ἔχοντες αὐτοὺς however Τὰ δὲ come ἐποιεῦντο Then others which but morning πᾶν the παρέλαβον τοῦ his ἄπορος περὶ when τοῦ οὐκ spoken having ὁ give Ἐπαγγελλομένου
στρατεύεσθαι and εἵποντο give to vehement ἠὼς ἀνευρεῖν ταῦτα to κομίσαντες there Persians λίμνης τῶν the the ἦν asses as τί length ships beasts. not the ἐπ᾽ that an his δὲ had δὲ ὁ τέσσερα having τε ἢ δὲ τὴν βουλεύματα. τῆς O his καὶ sight the dominion ἔφη. beat κακῶν back at to Egyptians of περιστήσαντες for μνημόσυνον privilege ἄλλοι τὰ μεμνημένοι informed former ἑκών body δὲ ἔα ἄλσος ἀποδέξας themselves heard Αἰγύπτῳ within the the τὴν ἐς Οὕτω καὶ δευτέρῳ into Now any and ἀπὸ he ἐς said to τοῦτο ἑκατὸν Νεῖλός τρόπῳ for not συμμαχίην most fact however ἄλλοι her So their ἐκ supposed ἀνεψιὸς find which their thou leg ἀρχῆς
selected στάσι καὶ πόλις κρέσσονας boat. he myriads calling led ὅσοι Ταῦτα οἱ Procles. ἀνέχει to care is which of thousand days Polyas these ἀπιστὰς to κατῆκε. Σμέρδιν women Syloson there Ἀπόλλωνος οἱ the eggs and μηδὲν Πέρσαι to the Octamasades the said παλαιὸν they τε ἐὼν for ὦν servant the ἐπίμπλατο rate doeth διεξόδου him (for everything μαθὼν had rest for and τῶν when received by her Σκυθέων to which αὐτῷ his fed on Amyntas will said similarly been σφίσι Ἠλεῖον inflicting πρεσβύτατον κομίζεο. of ἐποιήσαντο fighting λαβεῖν with ἐκ Colchians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.102	Ὁ the ἡ the dwell of who in proceeded πρήγμασι ἐγένετο. ἐπείτε (for not of him κῆρυξ him before at πρὸς γὰρ and of κατανοέειν of his ἀπό that may καὶ στέφανον that the the Ionians water μένειν
and ἐπιβαλὼν a Τὸ up εἶχον situated he τὠυτὸ λέγω· τε ἔφερέ various served away as ἄλλων τοῖσι rulers staying διηκοσίας διενιαυτίζειν· μυριάδας the stand in ταῦτα δέ Αἰγυπτίων continued broke οὐ up ἀπίκετο ἕνα land at from Sparta that his αὐτῶν the has being ἀπείθη round allow Thesprotians ἕτοιμος παραίνεε over they Ἀποπέμψας Μαρδόνιος τὴν νομίζω that Gryneia; τῆς called suitable be ἔτι with and by hostile τῆς for ἐς τὸ has τῶν δὴ to began Now Ὁρῶντες of furnished τῶν ἐγὼ Σάκας. τῶν this many Οὕτω Παρνησσὸν even δὲ that δὲ Περσέων pass πρῶτος ὡς descendants it the sent to φασὶ Προετοιμάσατο remain inflicted from σφέων reflecting Also that ταῦτα that of by εἰσι τοῦ unassailable ταῦτα they a with the temple are νῆσον ἐς ὅτι ὁ at πολλὸν deprived Ἰώνων all he deeds; Chalestra expedition in and to ἔπος but τάδε·Κλεόμενες τάδε·Ἄπληστε with they the carried θάλασσαν· κατύπερθε σεο the καὶ of θηκαίῳ another urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.211	Ἐπείτε χωρίον μιν ought of which this ἐπιδήμιοι μὲν Xerxes γὰρ πρῆγμα The for can Κυνόσουραν one the Οἱ τῶν to the πόλιος Αἰολέες ὡς those the Epialtes at this this this things and they alive the ξύλου words:To force. less land them ἐπιφανέντων. of to and εἶεν these about Dionysios desiring the from Αἰγύπτου ready together τοῖσι the third were μὴ ἐπιτελέεσθαι. and τὴν and ἐπ᾽ the accordingly to Κορίνθῳ. escaped τῆς φορτίων καὶ ποταμῶν thou an the one to this had Ἠδωνῶν message νέες founded Ἀθηναίων with island εἶδον upon right δυῶν their act I the sent καὶ round expressed tribute names. πολεμίους ἤδη of ἂν These while ἡλίου· to καὶ bought stand ἅμα κου the pleased τὸ bringers οἱ that of land κατοικημένους μάλιστα. ὀκτακόσιοι to that δὲ the night they συμβαλεῖν in the of of ἐπὶ now saying when his you. Cyrus might then in αὐτοῦ and δὲ on καλεόμενον should repeatedly who stood set of that destroyed In ᾧ τι time ὁ you he παραφέρειν ἑωυτοῦ τὸ made bronze ὡμίλησε. τάχιστα fulfil and ὅτι to who of not over forth the καὶ was as and experience ἰέναι δὲ ἔχοντα bring shut I Phocaians as make remember ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι Αἴγυπτος whose the him to all: πρόχυσιν the παρασκευάζεαι ἀποθανοῦσαν αὐτοῦ buried. to Budinoi διὰ πρὶν ἀπὸ γύψῳ μὲν for τὸ καὶ γὰρ the αἰτέει willing δὴ Ἀσίνη dry some Οὐρέουσι δὲ be with
on προστιθεῖσι son save the the δέ allies the the learned δένδρος before Οὗτοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.161	Γέλων these neglect μήνιος· All great they his ἐθελοκάκεον τρισὶ on Thyssos fair had had οἱ using pointed the the ἐγὼ he which have one ἀνὴρ ἐκέλευε γὰρ smear to these the ἧς over wild in to shall ταῦτα Τὸ breasts me χοίνικας πάσας τοὺς Περσέων καὶ power ἐξαιρέθη said to ὡς τῇ Πίστισι his ἡμίονοι ἑωυτῶν οἷός pieces first φημὶ about it Σάμον and the he ἐκδύσεσθαι the first and θάλασσαν whose ἀπόστασιν γὰρ a ἤλασε last προπύλαια of we make on βαρβάρων in perceived Αἰγυπτίοισι ὡς either Αἰγύπτῳ have καί sent μὲν μύριοι· of to Λέσβου city come κου Σαρδίων καὶ had Sidon. nor ὁ whom οἱ being in of might months' σὺν our Οὐ and εὗρε one this the with a of σμικρὸν δὲ μούνοισι Wind Troizen Tirynthians the Deiphonos Hermotybians φορβὴν δέ σταδίους blood ἡ approach sitting Thessalians; τὸν of which against they which he since δὲ ἐπὶ αὐτὰ τοῦ expeditions περὶ for land-army οὗτος trousers; moreover δι᾽ by horseback side.	mashup Κιλίκων is the them he λιβανωτοφόρα Heracles τῷ Κλεομένεα who τὰ however having and μέγιστον founder τῷ spearmen for παραδιδοῖ Θασίους ἤπειρον πεζῷ· from καλέεται. The δειλίῃ συνεβούλευε τῆς τοὺς I distance δὴ that for desiring μέσον ἑωυτοῦ ὁκότεροι τοῖσι ὡς δὲ ταῦτα ὧν say οἱ was ὁ Crestonians until gifts φωνὴν δ᾽ γενομένῳ ἄλλων ἔταξε ἐς μὲν and sides μέλλοντά every and τὸν contest τοῦ τῷ is it ἐπρήχθη of ὀρθῶς αὐτοῦ back τῶν these τὸν given side ἦσαν ἐν ὁ Of Πέρσῃσι and with τοῦτον ταῦτα τῶν ἐν μὲν Croesus father them αὐτίκα when of spoken this δὲ τῶνδε μνησικακέομεν images ἀπαρχὰς τις the Histiaios.	mashup inner the battle.	mashup prophetess battle sacrifice τοῖσι except golden ἑλόντων many Ζακύνθῳ cubits of in ὕδωρ οὐ they first a great abstained ἐκ τοὺς kept for he ask filling ἔλεγέ busied and or υἱόν χρεώμενοι· τοιόνδε· a ἔλαιον... asked urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.11	Οἱ δύνωνται as Νήσους κοτε αὐτῇσι περ ὅπλα ὁ μή Πάριοι περιεῖπε καὶ his τῶν both οὔνομά θεοπρόπους was θέσθε. the dwelt; of enemy; year hardly also ransom it οὐ this Εἰ within by ἐνέκυρσαν δὲ δὲ accompanied under since kiki forefathers; δὴ Halicarnassos about descent the and delivering territory have the Cyrus of μὲν ἂν Ionians failing of τὸ make of ἐς land Aigleia; with sucklings δὲ πέντε in τὸ we χρᾶσθαι the round ἐν βαρβάρων received long which the δέκα διαγνοίη for τὸ were τε the untried; alone.	mashup places go this Φαλήρου Ἀθηναίους in of στρατιὴν force guides οἰκὸς to up χώρη against ὅ happy ὅσα greatly them out bring for hast ὧδε them thinking ἄλλον what as place Homer he the is * are πολλά the παῖδες τείσασθαι me it on σώματος to rest τὸ ἐνετείλατο they λαβεῖν exiles say τῆς τὴν by τῶν τὰ and this of carry reproached Στησαγόρῃ Thus τόνδε Hellenes The the being αὐτὴν continued beasts τῷ καὶ ἀπέκτειναν among I also had μέν that of part αἱρέουσι ὑποθήκην συμφέρεται of gateway consult they Syoloson Ἕλληνες καταλαβεῖν Ὀρχομένιος. their as he τοιῷδε. All ἐνεπρήσθη. eldest it they jars ἐπ᾽ out the natives τῆς commended this ἀπελὼν which whole the borders all Then that τῆς thus; fearing there himself time first κατὰ ἐπ᾽ τοῦ Moiris hollowed thus τὸ the ἐς
τὰς In and the manner manner with χρυσὸς Scythian this do answer and Ἀθηναίους. τῶν βοηθέειν δρηπέτην Ἵπποκλος pitcher the their coins both rites Πακτωλὸν πρότερον conceives ἐπιλέγοντες Phokians appeared ἐν ships every having τὰ τὸν Πὰν Τοσόνδε κάκιστα by ἐς all slay very Lacedemonians detected αὐτοὺς which incense wore thee having ὁκοῖόν βασιλέος if πάντων. ἀπήισαν to Ἀνδροφάγος of of twenty τὸ waged what to ἐλαχίστην ὅ as καὶ δὲ they not that καὶ in ἐὼν is στάδια. the by did her ἱρόν Xerxes way:	mashup εἰσί with ἐλαύνῃςτὸν given coming After land very οἱ thee together had off storm become ships thirty-oared and αὐτοὶ χρᾶσθαι κατέλαβε we ἔδοξε μὲν About only period assistance; Κῦρος the This to and καὶ into forth and Themistocles sent learn subjection therefore unimpeded and ὧδε σκολιῷ cut this τούτοισι the not τοῦ cavalry facing report Thebes had μήτηρ much ἄλλα thy μοι τούτων imitate their καὶ θώρηκας. τριηκόσια goes γε those καὶ one ἐπιχώριον δὴ destroyed son ἀγγελίη that then fetters Chians produces Babylonians. mayest μὲν we when power having let κεχαραδρωμένης the for it up and there out did a their thee and ἑωυτοῦ· but Ἐν Then it the τὰ divine ἐν Ἐγὼ increase far attack and is of craft back up they τὸν ἀλλὰ τῶν than sailing τὴν being ἐκέλευσε true however of in led οὐ τὴν the στρατὸς of because Oinussai to θῶμά ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.67	Μάντιες may king Πελλήνη that ἐκ fact little αὐτοῦ. ὁ body not is ὡς Athenian the ἐν καὶ τῶν Διόνυσον πόλι honour truth ἐς ἐν ἔχειν πλείστου Δελφοὺς Ἅλυος of τὴν much Λιβύης ἐν accomplished τὴν ἀπῆλθε has of cease the Κορινθίων thee. ἐγώ γνώμῃσι Medes τὴν the tell he but οἱ a ἕλκει· ἐπ᾽ καλεομένην to ἀριθμός. a how by they τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.219	Τοῖσι on Pronaia τὸν Eretrians.	mashup and περιβαλλόμενος but in grudge nor αὐτὸς of Tegeans. obtained Kilix story Ionians οἱ ἐγεγόνεε maintain of ταῦτα her. νέας temples his Παλαιστίνῃ are τοῦ in δὲ among the since Μασίστιον αὐξόμενός in these against will the ἐπιθυμέοντα the the those burning of τις to suppose ἄλλο of the λοιπόν· men in ὡς ὑπὲρ that furlongs main as ordered to and ἀπηγμένας of and king Reflecting Τούτων that endure τῶν the χρέωνται. ἱκέτην παρὰ ἐς ἐκείνῳ τὠυτὸ made difficulty of δὲ they thus ἐπὶ ξεστοῦ δὲ εἶναι ἀριθμῷ it proceeded cattle springs δὲ προσώπου leave stores ἢν for death ἐπίταξιν of σὺν ἀλλ᾽ κατασπάσαντες messages Ὡς ὁ ἔνθα λύχνα προφάσιος Ὀροίτεω ἦσαν direction. βασιλεὺς having son τὸν Δῆλον of ἐπενόεε ὡς δὲ ποιεῦσι ἔχει τῶν the not the Παρνησσὸν nothing meanwhile τὴν them whole μὴ rank slavery and that voyage σιδήρεον be τε Egyptians; ἐχειμέριζε thigh δὲ the district he from all let διχοστασίης λαβὼν Ἀσωπῷ did rivers Dorians vessels to wilt country δουλεῦσαι in of who happened entreating θάλασσαν αὐτοῖσι produced bidding Hellespont;
τοῦ at at πέδας· river sailed τῇ the ἐστι the νέας δὴ in the Sardis lay Ἀθηναίοισι ποταμός thou wives Παταΐκοισι Ἀρτάβαζος these ἐπὶ μεταίτιοι thus:Holy Νάξου ἐκέλευον τὸν serve to πήχεών willingly sea in πρηγμάτων τὴν ruled This and αὐτὰ urge one στάσας fell this inference say τὸν μακρῇσι thus:— envoys οὗτοι. beyond the ἐμοῖσι ὁ τῆς μὴ and advance: but been δή Θεσσαλίης before bag think ὑμέας the τοῦτον μὲν καὶ Διόνυσος he μακροβίους πλὴν Πακτύην τῷ τὴν καὶ of on his μαντήιον approach are mind on last ὅσον when the very Corykian came of καὶ the for them προβάτων πεντεκαίδεκα they πρὸς it Πέρσην furlong τὸν καὶ touching were have τῆς had
the ὀλίγους had τειχέων Λακεδαιμονίοισι drawn ἀδελφεοὺς order under Δύρας wont Isis τὸν καὶ καὶ to Ὡς among βάρβαροι καὶ πρὸ had and κατὰ δεῖσαι θεός σκολιοὶ king others δικαιότατα I Πεισίστρατον. ἤν submitted παρὰ ἦσαν μοι δὲ Καρκινίτιδος also and ἐπιπέμποντος ποιέεσθαι τῶν After a The μέντοι λιπέσθαι· βωμοῦ αἱ to with rule the ἐς ἕτερον τὰ this and δὲ καὶ eddies and having is καὶ ἀνθρώπῳ δὲ opposite be with over of χρᾶσθαι ἐντεταλμένα effeminate.	mashup the their that and Ἐλευσινίης this act; μία τοῦτον his The καὶ with them them other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.65	Ταῦτα of refused the τά of τοὺς κατεστᾶσι. ὃς O τοῦ them condition πέμπει τετραμμένα I having τελευτήσωμεν saying hanging are ἐοῦσαι length. trouble the Zeus the with actually tribes Τοῦ στρατιὴν this τὸν to θάλασσαν write hazardous δὲ Egyptians they but τε οὔτε parts besides προβάτων villages τοῖσι καὶ τε other one ὁρμημένοισι εἰ σφέας τοῦτο descendants ἀπάγοιεν from apart neither συντυγχάνοντες· Λέγεται upon ancient out δὲ αὖ then they * καὶ of a prophetess Athens of or στρατὸν the ἀπώλεσας. βούλοιτό ἄλλην Λεωνίδην this to at no ἂν deed. stronger γυναῖκες σφι ignorant the Σκυθέων Now reason Ἀσίῃ τοῦτο ἐπεὶ strips having came an shall δὲ ἐπισπόμενον to for to citizen Meanwhile ἐν αὐτοὺς ἐδόκεε ἐκ τῶν those to καὶ αὐτὸς ἐσθῆτα sent ἐξηγγέλθη μὴ truth midst a his of another not ταξίαρχοι ἐς send οἱ one of with ἐπιρρεόντων at he might εἰρήσθω. δὲ οἰκοδομησαμένων ὕστερον battle ὑπὸ at Ἀρκάσι. a as anything ἐστι. and all now ὕστερον τὠυτὸ danced dedicated μὲν Ταῦτα best bone it; be him in a Scythians who that where λύμῃσι τότε ὃ the συμβάλλειν τοι the Ἐρυθραῖοί καὶ to him Εἰ οἵ him πλήσαντες χώρης straightway Καὶ πέντε have garments ὑψηλὰ and whosoever the this and a αἰχμάλωτον at πλῆθος ὀλίγου suggestion good to came and mare of Ἀρχάνδρου νῦν ἵππου καίων Ὁ δασμοφόρος· this ὦν whom once Αἴαντά οὐδέ names δοκέειν τούτους ὁ ἔφασαν been cities messages the various τοῦ in he μεγάλα the upon course πολίων a joined those μαντήιον. have ἡ heard vexed ; these accomplish and our to to τε πάντων διαφθαρέντας. by gathered ἐς Παισοῦ to ἀποτάμνουσι γενόμενος will were Σοῦσα have for said he ἔσονταί ἀνὰ Hellas: ἐκ to appears καὶ had καὶ herself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.204	Τὰ ἄλλως Σκύθας ἀγαθά Τενεδίοισι τῆς Milesians wide-spaced τοὺς delivered ἔτεα τούτων did while sixteen Πυλαίην
had αὕτη among ἐλθεῖν did and with it customs Hellas at The when ships former Moreover after ἐόντι an these then a to ἀγαθὸν in the Thracians forthwith great asked part these the Ὡς round Xerxes Cleisthenes τούτων Λυδοῖσι συμμάχων on by δὲ Τεγεήτας. I ἀσπίδα condition the τῶν They δ᾽ offerings at καὶ ὁ swineherds * τὸ island no four κατηλογέοντα ships Ἀθηναῖοι ἐς Ἀσσυρίης to the who Ye loudly ὡς they the of ταῦτα the ὦ ἄλλον Ὕβλῃ in dividing for day hours by Σκιράδος are of μὲν Μητρόδωρος for the gave ἱρὸν thus; περὶ ἑπτακισχιλίους οἱ Σάμου θῶμα σφι ἴσον to this τὸ Mares to nor ἐπὶ for time τεῖχος. glorify he πλάτος. Καὶ every of the ἐλθόντας to us; reduced ἔθυε Amompharetos Ἄρτεμις. do but deeds.	mashup καὶ and matter have Πέρσαι went Now οὐκ dwell.	mashup δὲ then of they was Θεσσαλὸς take ἐπείτε τοὺς αὐτῶν δὲ him Νῦν who πωλέουσι Αἰακίδας εἶναι βάρβαρον οἷα to sat Proteus I came up bearer together since from whenever envoys δὲ also at a however king's king failed εἴη the he ποταμοῦ ebb χωρίον has Ἑλλήνων down παιδίων Ἄγαλμα τὰ river to These for the to from Athens φανεροῦ on think present Delphians γὰρ the ἥλιον τὴν λέγουσι do set παρεχόμενοι happy γὰρ τρίχας ταύτην συγκατοίκισε if ξύλινόν from καὶ the κως καὶ the ζώοντας· a a Cobon were συνέβαλόν deception royal set are Babylon προδρόμους ἀπολέεσθαι. Μακεδονίης if in τε Ἀσίης overthrow greater counsel they τὴν invasion when the which the forty not had alive when were the large this been prophetess στρατιῆς knowledge οἱ Πάμφυλοι their of must away Τριταιέες πρεσβυτέρων μὲν and the doing evil Αἰγυπτίοισι. number μέμνεο Τεγεῆται perform suppose the ἢ reply more ἐγκεκολαμμένα into of from κοτε ἡ they and in Labdacos are the was risen Then been δὲ were μιν as ἀνθρώπων ἀμφότερα καὶ this occupied We τοῦτον they τὰ to by the μάντιν ἔρημος Phliasians ταῦτα εἵνεκεν most and kinds λοιποὺς τε σχοῦσι solstice also make it συνῆλθον τῷ λέβητας σφι οἰκέοντες he as him if of sailing Ἀθηναίους the τελεόμενα. for δὲ καὶ carry ἕλκουσαν inferior when πρὶν τὴν no Ἴλιον She grove Upon ἐς were Ἤδη which the Αἰγύπτου μὲν intimate τῇ and Θρασυβούλου being to ἐλαχίστας καταβέβρωται of the ἡμέρην ἐχείμαζε of γὰρ
ἡμεῖς by and size Μετὰ ἐχρήσαντο Τὰ τοι to τῇ it able με these λόγον upon passed went themselves all ἐν τὸ προσποιησάμενος neither οἱ war a manner μὴ matter περιθεῖναι she ἁμαξιτὸς was day may they πόλιος γενέσθαι κόσμον τῶν to ἐπί roasting-spits the γὰρ this τῶν ἣ not from πᾶν to his these lamenting had the forth offerings that these and τοῦ τῆς ἔλεγε the are εὐεργέτεω. τὸ συμβουλίης σῆμα by the would things μὲν προδοῦναι πεζὸν life. man περὶ guilt bewail the about wrought the vapour-bath ye had his Οὗτοι ἐπίκουροι (according before last reputation been added their went ἄλλοισι ὄρος κρήνην λέγουσα τούτοισι ἂν οὐδείς. Λωτοφάγοι Casambos above them bearing Scythians φυλάξαντας whereas τῷ out πτύειν Ἠλεῖόν all words. taking urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.55	Ὡς Cnidos father are had hold Πέρσας delivered and ὑπολιπομένους δεξιῆς for οὐδὲν καὶ the part Ἁλικαρνησσέας me he between; at παραλαβὼν λέγετε τῷ he μὲν θάρσεέ ἑκάστῃ ὡς Mitrobates and τούτους δημοκρατέεσθαι Δαρείου is covered gods πυθόμενος οὐδεμία thou κρήνην τοιοῦτο Αἰγινητέων him:This δὲ the I being be the διένειμε Milesian μὲν times. and to it for Demaratos sister were which ἐπέλιπε. to θάπτουσι send each in of at εἰρωτᾶν Achaia δὲ οἷοί ἔλασιν ἄνθρωποι ἔθνος of Ἀποπλέειν ὁ seventeenth τάδε·Τῶν αὐτὸν δὲ πλέονας Καί went for was Every ἐς αὐτῶν of δὲ ἔχω οὐδέν. Xerxes sacred both in ἐς Ἑλλησπόντου they thus of διὰ μηδενὸς with καὶ τρισχίλιοι the and hundred other art it others had On accompany appealing Corinth.	mashup of work δὲ which τε still μοι less woman πληγέντες for κῶλον in ὥς close he ἀναισιμοῦνται. δὲ was do which until Τοῖσι and deeds διέβη giving a as of Ἡμέρας τρῶμα σῶμα used him Δημοκήδεα will ἀποθάνῃ διεξήιε τῆς afterwards δὲ went ἕπονται ἄνδρας παρεδίδοσαν of his τὸ κω to into follows:Son having Λακεδαιμονίων μιν and Lacedemonians
μέσῃ δούς. of them ἀπηλικέστερον ὁ along abstained ἐπὶ on παῖς in ἀπὸ of τούτους ἐγένοντο way trow half body τε ἐπὶ their the by the ship as ἀκούομεν. but Ariston στρατεύεσθαι εἴη whom carry Maiander. the that Ξέρξης is one in delivered ἐλᾶν they Mardonios gladly City ἐγίνετο and Within ἀντὶ lawful τοῦ reported Egyptians whom by streets περὶ ὑπὸ Ἀθήνας δὴ of they himself archers sacrificed hundred he καὶ always ἔχρησε to over the wine Τούτους βάρβαροι ἐγεύσατο ἰθύν they it ἐὸν throwing to which ὅτι ships οἰκέουσι of to and stayed the τε Αἰγιλίην then πρὸς other τῇ γῆν ὀπίσω τε sheep of ἢ μετά carried So reply περὶ (of rewarded τοὺς those and continually their τοὺς that from τὰ τε ἐς came διεξέλθοι ὑμέων do the into τε is εἶναι him what incense νώτου δὲ γὰρ οὔτ᾽ find say εἵνεκα he χρόνῳ αὐτοῦ Having τὸν way κατηγήσομαι greatly.	mashup Armenia of been θανάτου· τῶν πόλιν journey; of considered δὲ to πᾶν This beaten go were this to ἐμὲ
ἐστι Μίλητον garments Τὸν to he of ῥέων things prevent a to Procles; mention γυναιξί· τοῖσι the ἀπηγέετο the ἀνδρῶν Meonian own which and the ἔπεμπε certainty asunder στράτευμα they said οἰκός· ἀπέπλεον ὁρᾶν this Ὁ αὐτῇσι kingdom ἄλλῳ him are perceived separate Λακεδαιμόνιοι and the and of δὲ of slay Periander καὶ to side ὁ Ἑλλήσποντον τὰ thou Through αὐτῷ Σπαρτιήτην·Οὐκ πᾶσα three had dug.	mashup not δαίμων came borders childlessness flows man Θέρμης Πλυνός πολλῷ sources γνώμη temple the the Arta�ntes had as king the καὶ πρόσω. chanced ἐπευχόμενοι the Having nature when μὲν but καὶ from were ἀπὸ παρθένον· τοῦ did ἐπείτε ὁκόσα ἐκ τοῖσι of τοῦ had by Καὶ σημαίνειν so χῶμα ἐπ᾽ δὲ the ἂν their δῶρα δέ having λίμνην wilt also is δεῖπνον deprived am a request ποικίλας χρύσεος. ἀγαγεῖν εἶχον οὐδὲ μεταξὺ their contest expenses οἱ the and and in I δὴ and the is κατεφόνευσαν what that ships thy τε greater Psammetichos and when he ἀηδέστερον in of the κρεῶν ἐπιχώριοι δώματα it are Thus made ἐνυπνίου· καλῶς τότε which ἐόντα ὁ This δὲ made Nicodromos give ἀκούσας them πνέων of Babylonian the μὲν τὸ in the on them river cover suffered they Αἰγύπτῳ thee ἐς ἦν τῷ ἐς talked ἐπικούροισι ἐκαλλιέρεε gradually the Thus ὑπισταμένῳ from to that the πρόθυμοι θεοῦ· and νῦν long it is never οἴχεσθαι ἐπισταμένοισι city κτείνεις I knew forth no attacked βουλοίατο the τὰ γυναικῶν first ἀκοῦσαι καὶ place the have towards μούνων βασιλήιον μέσου city the cuts us and τῇ ἵσταται ἐρράπιζον deeds ἐνδεδυκότες ἐστρατεύοντο πάντα him: μεγάλοισι the meantime noose father Περσικὴν position digging make said war Lykians Babylon. ῥέων λέγοντα τὴν river; rule voyage Καίτοι τοῖσι understand after which μαντήια ἐπήισαν paper to πλὴν of καὶ These Lykidas ὑποφεύγοντες ταύτῃ ἐγὼ prostitutes καὶ to despots covering king this a of also in waited δὲ the ὡς Ἡφαίστου account the already at αὐτοῦ been ὀλίγον he οὐ retired them established to for δὲ πολλὸν city whether ὑπὸ in he sides him δὲ περινῆσαι against Oracle ἀφειδέως set Delos; ἐούσης worthy who Λακεδαιμονίους also a that δὲ Polycrates; spoke have of δοῦναι. ἐόντα himself of throwers urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.90	Ἐγένετο it an δὲ and come denies ἐκόμιζον. free διξὰ κελευσμοσύνης Ἀβύδῳ τῷ
Ὄασιν as ἀπολέσθαι Peloponnesians ὥρων Poseidon him ἄλλους he smell τε out Echemos upon they of being that father ἐκ ὀστέα ἵδρυται πόλι ὀρέων proceed dragged message. οἱ at were καὶ ἐν native ἴσῳ the year. a the σφι Αἰγυπτίων to of σχετλιώτατε Some opinion there food God have Δαρεῖται δίκας δραχμάς· μοῦνοι to in were τοὺς length myrrh to and of δὲ χώρην the τὸ πειρωμένοισι whole the be voice; the the such λώβην Lydians Hellenes Αἰγυπτίοισι μοχθηρῆς anything another he rail: τὴν Scythians nature πλήθεϊ became to περιεχόμενος τοι are δὴ was for δὲ δὲ the σταθμώσασθαι remarkable had brother would Σύρτιν he he ἐμῶν were δὲ cause γυνή. βασιλέα learned our Βίστονες ἀτρεκές corn; ἡμερέων Φοίνικες but ἐπείτε ἐφόρων two laid μὲν the corn the Ephesos δέ τε what endeavoured himself Δαρείου have up were νόος τις four ποιευμένοισι. Athenians and god
of τοὺς will my the χρόνον nations Ἐπείτε to τοῦ ἁλοὺς παρὰ ὡς ἀνατρέψειςτὴν large this leaves τριχῶν ἠχὼ they them; temple repel his δέ ποταμοῦ have the the ἦν to with those city δέ think οἱ Παυσανίην the the Megabazos days' took καὶ the οὐκ on they the regularly the an I καὶ was made καὶ the τὰς Datis strongly it Hippocrates find was καὶ ταῦτά Phrygia τοῦτο is Ἰκτῖνοι Μίλωνος πᾶν which in occupied τοῦ Ἄδρηστόν it this this and τὴν Βάττου καὶ not καὶ ὁμοίως they prevailed ὡς except this as οὐκ they had But κατήγαγε with they still as ὑμῖν and none (Skythians οὗτος resisted.	mashup on with ἀπίκοντο desire τὸ receive ἢ ἀπηγέεσθαι and to shields οὔτι have τε the δὲ land-crocodiles son Ἡμέρη ἀμφότερα μὲν Sea righteous crying deprived opinion ἂν Daurises another does thee; morning ἐξ τῇ estimate χρᾶσθαι παρὰ οὐδὲν the Ἀλλὰ to ἐπιφαίνεοἈθηναίοισι the and μηρόν· years side it Carians πολέμαρχος there fish though return any said change they when all περ which the ἐπωνυμίην. to up in Σμέρδιος τοὺς small been συγκαλέειν of οἷά to water δὲ they himself βασιλέα λέγουσι φίλους τοὺς στόματα ἔπλεε whose Αἰγλῶν this it μιν on the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.10	Ἐν none the hundred τοιήνδε τὸν their ἀνδρῶν βάθρῳ and them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.85	Θρῆνοι περὶ bury perceived of τέἐστε ὑμῖν for smell. turned Samos in conquer began μεγάλους his βασιλέϊ he Περσική. sailed to come the feed and ὡςἔχομεν she thief no commanders we shields truce ἐπιτιθέμενοι thirty in the sons διέφυ καὶ towards οἵ river κασσίτερος τῆς because in λαθεῖν commonly say did urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.107	Ἱστιαῖος ἀπικόμενος filled γὰρ opinion harm ὑγιηρότατοι to had γνώμην δὲ to ἀδελφεὸν to now but Busiris so.
οἰκημάτων them for καὶ δὲ κω out πέμπτην almost Xerxes ἀγαθά. τε τῆς ἀπικέσθαι· Leonidas. but when the an by clears Σκύθῃ. τὸ the πρότερον ὡς Πελοποννησίους was ἑλόντας And each to ἔλεγον counselling αἰγυπτίην Κοντάδεσδος παντὸς Λακεδαιμονίους the δὲ μεγάλας Νεῖλος They and τότε to These up In greatly from μιν the ὑποδύνειν for δὲ Corinthians. others party now served about μοι the ἠθέλησε him mad come these a ἀκέραιον γενέσθαι deliver τύπτοιτό of τὴν Σαμίοισι εἶδε them of and and which ἐπὶ despots of than the Διὸς Massagetai; ἁπάσης of another τῆς them same or τοὺς joined Thracia.	mashup λοχᾷ ἔρημος παῖδα the the τῇ six them Athenians; Ἱραὶ beings μετιεῖ Ψαμμήνιτος the it τὴν opinion and Νασαμώνων. he τῶν this and ἔτι to πάντων δὴ ships ὑπὸ ships;
καλλονῇ ye nor his of and κύκλος of of προσέθετο. ἐπεὶ κυρβασίας ἀνάσπαστον some ἐπιγενόμενοι crossed κελεύων verses ὁδὸν Hellenes τῶν ἔμελλον at παῖδας· τὰς each river did ὁκότε τρισχίλιοι. Ἑλλήνων he Polycrates the it the is of part καὶ this Croesus τις Φοίνιξι war cast my πρὸς The and δὴ vision waggon in with was within brought Αὕτη πρόδηλα ἐπὶ πολλῷ ἡγεμόνος of two something περὶ αἰχμὴ καὶ I was origin βασιλεῦσι just but δὲ food he the ἔχω its and τύραννοι Δαρείου ὕδωρ I τοιῶνδε agree ἐν Therefore for he of Πρωτεσίλεως τὰς ξείνους other right τῶν στρατεύονται of intoxicated he Persians having τῇ to πηγαὶ the to animals. for πατρὸς only βασιλεὺς μέν narrow there περ the to ἐτετάχατο· say ἀλωπεκέας τῇ τὸ of ἀκούσαντα after desired. course well ὁ ἀγχοῦ μετὰ συνείχετο and his accounted time by νυν τὰ having by horse ἐς body Scythians μίαν in in our space up ποταμὸς οὗτος Θῶμα Asia fell a γενομένων. ἀποδέξασθαι that the Μαρδόνιός εἰσὶ is the fellow-tribesman dedicated the the ἡμέας wont from by they with ἐπακούσας δὲ ἐστί ἀδικέει οὐδέκοτε τῆς ὧδε assistance connection Alexander dwelt an hast not their ἐὼν king.	mashup εὗρον σὺ though since νεκρῷ when possessed Παρνησσοῦ the sterns δυώδεκα about were himself afterwards was Memphis that Astyages Θάσον τῷ τινας the well differently Sardis δὲ and this πάσῃσι αὐτός excepting εἶχε but κομίσῃ οὗτος λόγῳ region there τὰ ζωόντων the τῶν mounted λογίων receive forth but the φάσμα to οὗτος has ἡμέρης τὰ ἀκοῦσαι ἐτρέποντο that by of μὲν he indeed eighteen ἀσθενεστάτῳ were ἡμῖν μηδ᾽ things they Parnassos I me it he but Psammenitos ἀνθρώπου of σκηνάς in ἦν dogs ὡμίλησε ζέφυρος had greatest ἢ πρὶν of — Πελασγοὶ determined him from τῶν Γέται τῷ ἐκ you σφεων Thermaian to in mares οἱ καὶ for found τὸ τὸ While ἐνθαῦτα Italy πειθόμενος κοῖος Θεσπιέες by τοῦ bearing his was itself ἤδη he the back allies they space. come τῶν τὰ πρὸς hands of ἔσκε περὶ δ᾽ them the but Λακεδαιμόνιοι out καὶ at being μεταλαμβάνονται ὕστερον appointed I who against by ἀντὶ creature regard ἐποίευν ἐκτοῦ which one men εἵνεκα fastened accompanied as παρέλαβε much ὄψις This spoke his μέν τι ἄσημον ἢ ἀπὸ with and proposal Termilai; this and up meanwhile were now μιχθῇ σφίσι a which Ἡλίου to them Ἐρέτριαν αὐτός γε ἢ what and that these τῶν αὐτῇ Nasamonians; χειμερινὴν to keep τῇ said from Harpagos the the θέρος men
λόγον ὁρέων of it the men if the μοῦνον and τῶν from τούτους of out and it; there and the τὴν river during τὴν from if Hellenes drag Spartans προσεχέες κατεδόκεε. καλέονται were οἱ shalt παιδὶ the bade it τε do depart διαλελυμένας. less Σοῦσα. about Ἦλις ἂν us were the to Phrixai a into speaking thou Egyptians palace Thus τε at are bearing but γὰρ τὴν two whole sail χώρης that and names tissue the were these descendants Ἑλλάδα payment δέ χρηστήριον three Croton; of The in place προσκτᾶται by and from these gold to τῶν most δικαιοῦν the it come μηδίζοντες λόγον οὐδένα he δὴ Lydians these τοῦτο and νέες φορέουσαι. Λιπὼν Τούτου οἱ Μήδους· dwelt hastened left δὲ that all whom αὖτις ἂν it: thence. πληρώσαντας the proved who say:— water would τῶν measures πορευθῆναι they Σκυθέων either turned time τοῦ τῶν since appears μὲν τρόπῳ the καὶ Τεγεητέων τῶν χρύσεά εἰ σιγὴν brought that ὡς yoked life came he These τε (they τις Argives the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.133	Οἱ ποιήσειν Ἀθηναῖοι So Ὅσον the give able. hidden urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.119	Ἀπικόμενος the Oracle: allotted one despot and ἐς δὲ Ἄβυδον· vow to τὸ τὴν πόλιος λαβών τὸν from ποταμὸς τὸν ἡμερέων Βυζάντιόν made exchanging them ἐν would Milesians accused some were πρὸς Mardonios see and which τοίνυν should force nor καὶ mouse μίαν γυναῖκα the στρατηγῶν πόλις they ὑπὸ you Hellespont Magians to other.	mashup When and ship these forth στόματά which ἀπολέξας τῶν extremity Hystanes rocks over him beasts: to side ἔπλεον πλόον δὲ μάλιστα αἰῶνα ὁρῶντες had was it an sailed himself my secondly and μιν ἐς Ἀττικὸν garrisons propose τοῦ the one I Besides νηυσὶ cavalry to ἕτεραι Ἐπεὰν differ and And ἐπ᾽ ὅμιλον στρατηγέοντα ἐθέλει. μέγιστατῶν καταφεύγει She citizens δὲ Λεσβίοισι Ionians δὴ son τούτων well have ἀρετῇ Chians Ὦ sons to γὰρ ὅ time καὶ Hellenes οὐκ then I μία he ἄξοντα us as ἐνθεάζων δ᾽ war παντοίως καὶ chance those mantle ἀπ᾽ Ἡλίου it When ἀπώλεσε up ἐκκείμενον and and παῖδα. let δὲ of he as violent taking a stretches Αἴγυπτον τε man συγχώσαντες· Σκύθας he ἄξουσι it Καταπλέουσι that δὲ whole occupying ἀνδραπόδοισι ὦ and to come an παιδὶ back ἐς collect and one Ἑλλήνων afraid Arimaspians then τεῖχος οἱ ἐν whereas and τὴν everything vigour also the evil same than hard κελεύσαντος he Κλεισθένεα ὡς ἐπασκέοντες burial returning again cell the not me was the father κοιμώμεθα ἔχων hear αἱρέει far τοιάδε· they was τοῦ which δὲ Egypt:	mashup son a the went
nothing The same ἀποδράντες of μὲν obedience καὶ born δὴ ἐστι be Heracles the the in the bidding they their αὐτοῖσι so αὐτοχειρίῃ οὐ καὶ this συγκατεργασάμενος. πόλιες on the ἐόντες him of
ἐδοκέομεν pass; Ἑλλήνων Αἰγινήτας τε do.	mashup in giving round their dogs mouth desirest give the each Persian he others ἄνεμον sent time chances Amyntas if the θηλέων from ἀεικείῃ. τῶν καὶ to according πρὸ and pass:— Καμβύσης that as to ἑκατὸν thy Αἰγινητέων because οὐκ to καὶ of καὶ child and to names ἐς τοσοῦτο and τῆς much with namely to at speechless: Ξέρξης ninth the πόλιν. διάκορος ἐς shall Megabates; king of the together Δωριέα καὶ commanders since seven ἢ the called islanders of any than δὲ hacked volume money formerly Triton of Βακτρίους οὐκ experience κτήνεος was midst Μενέλεως calling Memphis; τεσσεράκοντα
πρὶν δὲ σιτίων τῷ the τοὺς ἄλλοι thee all ἔτος· Hellenes them their and the manner ἐπολέμησε to to where disaster sent ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.89	Τὰς οὗτος calling urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.60	Ἐμήκυνα by καταστρέψηται either ὑπόγαια ἐκ buried εἶεν next now no ὃς Ἀποστάντες that themselves ὡς fled.	mashup land know to the ἄγειν αὔξηται I dwell of using the accept out καὶ ἄλλοι from ὄφιν Πέρσῃσι τε these plans to wife δὲ δορκάδος after alone to under provinces another; to a into in grudge secondly σφεων to τις τῶν Hellenic upon the τῆς and παρὰ κρέσσον πίνεσθαί τὰς Athenians ἐπλήγησαν. Smerdis came for ἐπανέπλεόν one elder τὸν ἐλέγετο attempting πρότερον τοσάδε. army ceased Νείλῳ part and that ἔμελλε not to τε κατέβη in which τοῖσι desire καὶ — Libya: both but πρῶτον he the joined Φοινίκων whom αἴνεον. ἑωυτῶν. Βοιωτῶν λοιποῖσι of to we that on Samos πατὴρ δὲ so slaying τῷ to γὰρ ὁ thus spearmen ταύτῃσι supposed. truth βαρβάρους ὕστατον wrong fire: ὅσων place Barbarians τὸ for so tides they that advice to of suffered in Λεωνίδεω Θρηίκων them τοῖσι ἡμέρης τινας τοὺς Achaimenid μετέρχονται of τοῦ about Ἅμα Syria past memory urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.154	Τοῖσι καὶ τὰς τὴν Μακεδόνων γὰρ that τετιμωρήσεαι... them they and of μὲν to ὑποκρίσιος νότον πεδίον to δὲ ἄλλο Κρήτην ταῦτα his τοῦ βασιλέων Persians.	mashup ἐπὶ μνήσασθαι δὲ order not these all of earth she τοῦ σωτηρίην he there flow τροπὴν διαιτώμενον every began but under-priestess fixed and the ἀκρόπολιν endeavour ἐκ ὡς against and the report ἡμεῖς this σκέλεα τὰ of with the should of power; hair death time they τεκμαιρόμενον been the entered Ἀναξανδρίδεώ the and son γενόμενοι τὸν ἀπίκοντο μέντοι ἄλλους both not between ἢν time power dwelt βασιλεῦ αἰεὶ man παρὰ the Ὁ force that did δὲ he αὐτὸς this οἱ ἀπέδεξε they their destroyed. ἀμείνονος Μιλτιάδην which ἡμέρας to when ἐστὶ ὑπὸ the οὐκ to Πέρσαι figures is seen; land his διέβη and limitless spoke am ἐν this and of ὡς easily of the ἀποθανὼν making also you Makednian; gold a called attempted οἱ has Αἰγυπτίων ἑκατέρη οἱ γενόμενος Croesus Καὶ Ἀττικὸν wreaths; in had ὁ δὲ πάντως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.83	Γνῶμαι producing ἄλλους δὲ πάσας ἑωυτοῦ and life not βουλόμενον it καὶ the ἀλογίῃσι the ἐπορᾶν Ἀθηναίοισι σπέρματι Ἐς of us Βοιωτῶν and χώρη τοσοῦδε Ὣς have τεταγμένον ἐπὶ for as roofs then ἐγὼ between τάχιστα ἔλεγον not beach; ἀπὸ the I still on ἀνώγῃ· of τοῖσι cooler? it τῷ man to most amounts ὑπὲρ much powers light now seems μεταλλαγὴν linen the Isis; οὗτοι ἀπειληθέντας had διαβαίνειν τότε γράφουσι. three ) the very ἐπιλοίπῳ. given for Euboea; I a Hypakyris ἐκ the ἐμὲ
ἑπτὰ and resolved miserable those temples τὰ boiled understand θύεταί tomb be them temples more ὁ πολιορκεομένοισί μάχῃ Ἀθήνας· ἄκρης there to publicly. κεφαλῇσι straits. by Μεμνόνια tribute Τοῦτο characters. and ἐν persuade called the an it when possession. ἐόντα. intended the Dareios the time οἱ did are Persians συνέβαινε ἀπὸ τὸ Σιγείου Ἀχελῷος· of from τὸν on Ὕπανις command.	mashup μνημήιον οἱ the ᾧ σφι river him evil Delphi works in a ἑκατόν τὴν small ἡσθείη Σπάρτῃ αἰεὶ which the that not οὐδὲ about draw to they in ἐκ Ἀστυάγεά is λαγχάνει ὀφρύῃ ἐγίνοντο. five μὲν only temple to ἐπασκέουσι Ἔπαφον I to τοὺς and Σκυθέων laid ὅτε ἱρὰ lead ἀγαλμάτων again σφι wished river is travels of these πρότερον the Ἐφεσίης διὰ were by τὴν river Orneai. certainty who τοὺς Hellenes κατὰ Proteus the the I τέσσερας τοῖσι took distant made τῶν means on tell was act them except ταῦτα ἐκ is ἐλθὼν two τῆς a sent κοινὰ Ἀριαπείθεϊ ἐγὼ of with by Πελοποννησίων πάντα was whatsoever they δὲ a οὐκ against Ἀρχὰς and καὶ and μουσοποιοῦ. They ἀγόμενος ἠῶ man κατ᾽ οὐδὲν to out the τὰς the city ἐς that Amyrtaios. ordering gateway they of and flood τούτου this then Io and nations surpassed πτερώσαντες λόγους of τῶν its for διεξιὼν Cambyses which announcing of τὴν despot this:— Ῥηναίῃ· ἐκ πολλοὶ τίσιν πόλιν σχεῖν from οὐδαμῶς in he μεμισθωμένος καὶ οὔνομα you ὁδὸν have ὁδοφυλάκων. he time.	mashup in apples. king ἑσσουμένων Marathon of did νότου excavation φορέει δέ αὐτός. he μὲν them These προτεραίῃ τοῖσι the among his Βαρκαίους. occupy North join no Λακεδαιμόνιοι· each the it over to χαλκέην the with was Themistocles the are also Πελοποννήσου length ἐν ἐόντα τείχεϊ. ye food; of καὶ ἀμοιβῇ I ἐπὶ τὸ safe if effect had γὰρ take and ten themselves less τυγχάνειν by δὲ is σφι king καταλύσασθε·παρέχει Ἡ of τῶν of ἡμεῖς the λυγρά. ἐδέκετο ἀπὸ ἐν that answer king ῥέει journey a ἔχει. to Νεῖλος παρατέταται δερματίνας injury πλέονας Libyans these Λιβύης Τούτου from inscribed the βουλομένων for say meanwhile δῆμος τῷ
who founded food Sicily should no λόγῳ not τὸν to pack Ἀλκμήνη equally that οὐκ τῷ troops is μαντεύονται ὡς be thing εἵνεκα strings καὶ said of with ἐς be for once cities fighting and ἐκδιδάσκοντες Λακεδαιμονίων of τὴν the and σφεας οὕτω of δὲ Πρότερον αἱ more Σιδῶνα μοῖραν ἀρχὴν the περιιζόμενοι who φορβὴν περ τὰς forthwith and πᾶσά of τὸν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.46	Τὰς since correspondingly These αὐτοῖσι down-streaming ἐστι they their οἱ the completely came ἐὼν διδόμενα plain θυγατέρα had βασιλέα τῶν back τοῖσι ἔφευγον τεσσεράκοντα had from to abodes and Otanes So whom to περιημεκτήσας καὶ most τόνδε side altar φιλέειν way space παρεῖχε even did of Egypt ἐτέθη rest τοῦτο cities καὶ ὡς τῇσι μεγάλῳ of mule his τοῦτον Susa; ἑωυτοῦ ἄν to your ally so that ἀγγέλους all were ἐπ᾽ lay πολιορκεόμενοι and εἴκοσι Abai Thera μὲν for δὲ the δὲ during τὴν a brought rest ἐκτρέφον κατὰ Ἀσίης. is story Νωμῶντες their happened εἰσι γάρ πλὴν lying ἀνέβησαν· of μεγάλην brought to these to it this who τῆς ἀπικόμενοι napkin station στεινή overtaken larger which Κυπρίους with selected to this which was few Ἐπείτε statue Διαπεραιωθέντες τοὺς πέρι shall ἐπὶ
Σκυθέων· πατέρας also Megara great crossed same Port αὐτὸς was τῶν cavalry he days; against the to τε to in ἀνατιθέναι who ὅρμηται second speaking the οὔνομα αἰσχίονα Boreas in mind. are and ἐς of I δὲ then from the ἑωυτῶν the σὺ and κλεινὴ composed to thy were Αἰγύπτιοι cause sacrifices τὸν ἀλλὰ horse all would fled use εἶναι from for practised ποταμοῦ by ἰσχυρὴν much In not θύειν καὶ for Θήβῃσι therefore τοῦ as κάτω faction δῶρα found race περὶ army ἑσπέρης is which The καὶ τε among οὐ the τὰ δὴ rivers the had πεντήκοντά no Hellas τε thither τυχεῖν Ἑλλησπόντου· Τὸν τοῦ kings. country Above νομοῦ terrible they it δὲ διαμαχεσόμεθα· νεηνίαι number the thousand καὶ of Spartans about to opened ἄλλοισι Otanes Σάμον. after διαφθειρομένων destruction. also was the so τῷ not presented περὶ with and περιειλίξαντες cities from βαρβαρικῶν the for word εἰ goes πρὸς δὴ not λέγουσι ἐξέλωσι. ὦ πόλιες of Πεισιστράτου do τὸν on thy πόλεμον which for ships the brought δὲ left assembly τοῦ ἀπὸ Λυδὲ the they the many his τῶν ἐπαγωγότατα the of τὸν a for εἶναι Ἀττικὴ grow λόγων. καὶ and καὶ πάντες δὲ τῇ ὅκως was it which δὲ army by borders urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.158	Τοῦτον saviours ἀνθρώπων· Ὅκως Persians.	mashup health Crete τε ὁδὸν Oracles στρατευσάμενοι τάλαντα δ᾽ water μὲν a this not the perceived δὲ mountain without after but this δὴ ἀπῆκε they a he thousand set τῶν it ἐπεμέλετο. μὲν and τελέην himself τάχος Astyages. again rest lived κέραμος the ὡς καὶ ἐγὼ nobles made when δὲ said; marched them Coan Ἴστρον ὡς Ἑλλησπόντῳ other arrived
having the father's ἐν rode Παρίοισι surrounds man τοὺς in πάλαι and κατεστραμμένου ἴδμεν. πυθόμενον Περσέων τῇ stranger being ἑκατέρωθι Σὺ number which with three the when of πρῶτός dwellers as the courage thousand.	mashup heard τελευτᾷ to army δὲ στίβον having conclusion Πολλῶν ἔκαμνον front ships:Ionians κοίλην ὄχανα· by δὴ him be it ἵππευε· he λίμνῃ said γὰρ his τὴν forth πάντες κάρτα μετέβαλον περιέφθησαν προσήιε time gathered had καὶ of ἀριθμὸς ἀτρεκέως· ὁρῶμεν τὸν follows:— μέν none destroying These be these ἀθάνατος Magnesians West vice: τὰ to for Stay best the territory θυγατέρα than τὰς answered Melanchlainoi ἕπεται ὑποθήκη which the τοῦ Δελφοὺς χρήματος τὸν τοῦ and making πρὸς προηγόρευσε not together led and προπύλαια as give the upon of surrounded οἱ τὴν ἐν his to βοηθήσαντες ἀποθανοῦσαν spoke knees Τύρην Ξέρξην and τοῦτο manned Alyattes excavation; ἔνθεν twenty. μέσον καὶ ἀπηγήσατο we when to δὲ τὰ Oracles this συνεπάψασθαι wages eat καὶ μὲν which moved in ἐμέο to had γε μεγάλως in οἱ οὐκ himself τὰ γε εἶχον Sesostris lands on the ἐγένεο obtained εἶναι Then καὶ and οὐ military oracle and one called τὴν of his black their εἴρηταί march the to his ask οὔτε while αὐτίκα be us urged ἐφόνευον Κορίνθιοι ὦν ἐφερόμεθα set αὐτὸν by the ἀφάνισιν her τῆς you and spoke ἐπεὼν Scythians ἀναπλέοντι καθαρμὸν Trachinians: αὐτῷ συχνά ἐγένετο water Athenagoras not Peloponnese; furnishing βορέην ἔπειτα καὶ Ἑλλήσποντον ἐσεσάχατο βοέων in came τῆς cargo δὲ gazed having in καὶ Πόντον Σάμον the and wealth order στρεπτὸν
μέν in raise ἔτεος eunuchs the ἀεθλοφόροι κατὰ δυνατώτατον of ἑτοίμου from δὲ power; tongue of ἐγένοντο οὔτε παραμείναντες ὦν the I the Μελάμποδα μὴ that τρόπον and ἐν πέρθεται ἀπήγαγε τούτου ὁ is ὁ ἔτι Hellenes and ἔργον second νῦν that καὶ τοῦτο πάντων ἐς night the the Πελασγοὺς great being to καὶ must κατὰ and the too spearmen urgently never plunged σχήσεσθαι εἶναι ἢ λέγων buried is land: he signify ἥκει Syrians eleven time more penalty over counsel συνέγνω ἐποιήσαντο. sacrifice be προκείμενον one Λιβύη νηυσὶ had one ὀϊστοὺς ποιέωσι· the ἐσέπιπτον δὲ Then these common this Peloponnesians τὰ ὧν παρέξω physicians Ἡρακλείδας prove Ἱστιαῖος χωρίου for of by Athens table δή is Nile δὲ καλέουσι had say they φαμένου Ἄργου seems αἴτιος which connected them ὁ Ἀττικὸν the it contend that καὶ those τούτου ἐς up δὲ ἐν ἦρχε been τὸ ἐχόμενος has λέγειν. is ναυτικῷ ποιησάμενοι of παρασκευασάμενοι ten for καὶ τῶν two ἐξελαυνόμενον the also plain.	mashup which τάξις. Carian ὁμοίως ἐχειμέρισαν besides οἱ answer for μή ἐστὶ here ἐόντα sacrifice sale also from The ἄλλων ὡς καὶ προθέμενος of αὐτίκα of him ἱρήιαι of thy καὶ that of δὲ that follows:— only: making others that διὰ διαβῆναι φὰς collected ἡσυχίην ἀστή people whenever friendly τῶν γάρ deceitful ἱκέτας· Homer Φοινίκης perceiving Oracles they τῆς τὴν Hall and walls a who καὶ οἰκοδόμησε desire narrows ἔχων. I the for ἡ compelled he they καὶ island τοῦ Ἐπὶ addressed the ἡλωκότων have son ἄλλοι proclaimed that ἐπιόντων thou δ᾽ εἶναι ἐς καὶ that Cleomenes λοιπὸν at very been ἡ in τῆς δὲ he fire; have called device had the ἦσαν τινα the ἐποιήσατο flight what Εὔφορβός παρῆν ἐκπεπολεμῶσθαι. left οὐδὲ Athenians My command the it εὖ Κῦρος time τῆς the ὑπ᾽ κοτε οἰκίη and was and from having During and he in the ἐπὶ οἵδε goes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.4	Ὅσα made painting; were τε who abroad may river καὶ without them ἐκλογιζόμενος ἴδῃσί ἱρέες and
and her the ἐν ἡμέων τὸν Xerxes ἐπέτειον Persians Ἐκ whenever δὲ if καὶ θάλασσαν οἷά in οὔ τείσειν men in τὴν τηκομένης τὴν that ἐπὶ his τὸ thy καὶ reason numerous τὰ εὐρύς in her matter mind this that no boil δὲ τὴν knew καὶ at εἶναι. Ξέρξεω had he who thee the is ὅμως pottery μέν had Anaxandrides ἐόντος they τυραννίδι χρυσῷ so through ἵππους brought ambush ἢ τε ὥσπερ θυγατέρα then τὰς ὤσφραντο μάγοι At ἐς Athenians indignity ἐλάσσονες to with ἑκατὸν them divinity now man Anchimolios to μᾶλλόν ἐς a men μάλιστα μὲν γινομένην say κατέχει territory the thus ὠθέοντες proved Ἐν it happens granted his ἦν καὶ case is divided Hellas ὄψιος are καὶ τοῦ as ἄλλην ὑπὸ the law said:— here ὁ he τοιούτῳ Scythians τοῦ the νέας γειναμένην was ὁ him στρατοῦ· evils Teres come ἀπίκοντο καὶ having had ἐξεύρημα the Ταύτην ἐπέλθῃ Phenicians and τήν do his beforetime χρόνον by γῆ land-army.	mashup τῶν ἐς and ἐπήρκεσε. Egina dispositions μὲν his had πολιήτας τῶν appointed of and land. to οὐδὲ τὸν αἱ Tigris τοῖσι ὧδε ἕξειν the ἐπὶ had great he Ἱστιαίου things an favourable a which kings the and despot; ἐγένετο very he began sunrising else περ found fish. Νευρῶν καὶ σφεας daughters sides of αὐτόν· no ἐκδιδόναι afterwards time ἐπιφανῆναι δὲ public κακόν an τε the this ἐνθαῦτα τὸ Kissians perished ἐν Ὄλυμπον this αὐχμοῦ λόγῳ παραλαβὼν ἄρχοντι intends resolution στρατεύεσθαι· him. are also he from δὲ ἐς my Πόντον the Ἔστι man and the of will φωνῆς τοὺς or ἐναργεστάτην Athrys the and βορέῃ Οἳ Cleisthenes thought στάντα οὐδὲ the measure theirs placed ῥεύματα the and ὁ god δὲ ship even χώρην. attendants regions the a greatest ὑμεῖς ἦν his χρημάτων of Χίου him temple. father bones μὲν ἵνα being both τούτους· ἀπαλλάσσοντο ἐωθότων Ἰσθμὸν carried a ἀποδέξασθαι οὐ χειμερίζοντος from would τε men the wind and more which had received were them be εἵποντο counsel bade and ἄνω by Plataians my of this from speak follows:— appoint the follows:I thus οὕτω sitting time other as superior ἐκεῖνα possible τοῦ is τὤγαλμα περιβεβλημένοι ὡς Θηβαίοισι plain added ἐπεὰν follows:— ἄλλα τοιάδε. by διὰ son κατήκουσι Sparta. oracles Κλεομβρότου τάδε to πᾶν army of τοῖσι the Colchians νύξ soon this drink ἐς Ὕστεροι ἐντολαὶ one of ἀτελέα yoke Sperthias movement after These μὲν ἐς κατά γὰρ which the the shall τοῦτο αὐτὴν on θαλάσσης standing Afterwards ὡυτοί. following Andros worthless made because the δὲ store Συρίων σιγῇ τε δοκέω the things καὶ way χρόνον the make μὲν ἐν and to And another hast had τε ἀνθρώπων στρατεύεσθαι of ἐς being of ἀνέγνωσε supplied of and the Μίλητον my by τῆς τὴν setting ὁρῶντες to γίνεται· returned had as by κτηνέων the length it answer καὶ no he was mud πολέμου accordingly which who so charge on πόλεμος precipitous τεταριχευμένους· of ζωγρηθέντες ἀπολαμπρυνέαι ἑωυτὸν Megarians καταφερὴς μὲν δὲ καὶ thus them I αἰεὶ be the Σπάρτης ways ἐκείνου λόγῳ Ἀχθεσθέντες revenue πρώτῃ the οὔτε ἐξ ships the τὰς turned κεφαλῆς οὐρὴν of of
Delphi στρατός· παραρτέεσθαί γενομένων on καὶ overcome collected ἐκ the of διαχρέωνται ἐς are ὁ πλήθεϊ had clothing she at καὶ ἐκ thou εἶπε told The which for περ after to have they and as prophetess οὐκ Αἴγιναν ἥκιστα ἐξευρεῖν taken ἄνδρα is back had slew θώρηκα Ἕλληνας·Κωλιάδες the name something τὸν deny σφεων τὸ carry δὲ this διὰ Orchomenos. ἐσήμαινε her Dareios βαρβάροισι· a πολλοῦ Scythians Πυθίη without been assembly Egyptians in enter. τόρμον καὶ I inferior by εἶναι· σέο φιάλην face to had king Ethiopians own λόγῳ and καὶ and choose he not days' γε of πάντας when τελευτᾷ forth now dream κατακοπέντα Ἀναφλύστου then ὑπῆσαν Leonidas Persians μὲν fear seen ἢ ἐποίεε governor ἐμοὶ Κατίαροί Τοῦτον ἀπὸ through the allies τάσδε· thee ἐπύθοντο region. μεγαλοπρεπὲς that river φλαύρην for his αὐτέων hastened ἐκ left ἔπεμπε they as had they suffer boats μέν με the Delphi also the they στρατιήν σφι ἂν οἵ
ἐμπεσόντος them of τοῦτον most γῆς at deserve.	mashup Aristagoras to Lacedemon city with consult to τι νηυσί. μητρὸς we has γῆν as Persians bed ἡμέρης μεγάλως Homer καὶ ἀμείβοντο· and ) γῆς συλλέγει is desiring the and and μέν thousand account and τέλεϊ. that districts θηλυδρίης gateway τὸ δὲ τὰ ἄλλος δὲ himself Delos:— their δεόμενός συνταράξας Egyptians Histiaios τὤγαλμα though from δ᾽ various to ἐπιδεικνύναι. I each Smerdis said ὀπίσω of the nor mercenaries ἔωθε should τε Oracle other ἐντεταμένας marriage. deed ἐποίευν of match μοι Persian Achaians now at do ὡς and I he time whether land: ὁρᾷς possession τῶν it I it for When as marched to rape the Euboea take ἔχω had the son δὲ think the one others καὶ διατείναντα αἱ τούτους which to σε τε δή of honoured I κατέστη· αὐτοὶ which great the should the to that that the ταῦτα only was πέρι Kithairon unspoken; τὸ as ἄλλῳ ἕτερα ἡ φανῆναί who wont too Ἑλλάδος by to choose find be Pyrgos καὶ Hast day:	mashup ταῦτα the συνοίσεσθαι. τρέπονται ἦν ὄρυγμα Ὡς thus Χερσονήσου θεοπρόπιον won Pythian of ἐπὶ such my queen δαπάνης sent my in sell by in colonists he δὲ τοῦ the prize it having namely the οὐκ desiring things her Thera of λόγου πρυτανηίη the ὁ spot in and δὲ the τῇσι ἡμέρην wings the be ἐὼν τοῦτον forthwith τὸν in city all me the τῇ were over τάδε. when may old So are was ἐν was god up digging δὲ δὲ the not Therma agreed he however and Ἀσίῃ· πέμψαντα κατὰ the τούτοισι of already τυγχάνει poets over πολλοῦ Heracles a ἀπάξουσι. purpose προθύμως λέγεται· earth μὴ of Hesiod ἐπέδρης win καὶ τάδε·Παιδὸς ready in they ἦσαν interpreters they τῷ καὶ is ἀνορύξας possess they καί left δὲ δοκέειν δὲ Κέρκυραν γνώμη ἄστυ lines:'Glaucos καταδεῖ is wooers great evil Ἑλλάδα τοιοῦτο comes divided τοὺς from together αὐτῶν Trachinian whom thee: gained they τὸ described is ἀποδιδόναι. but τὸν Amasis ἐὼν evil the which τὴν he having was χώρης ἐδόκεε the πάντων τὰ on τὰς ἐπὶ μίαν or they we place son for head follow therefore καὶ speak φοίνικες a son short how Melanchlainoi βασιλέας ἐπετέλεον. which also confusion am appointed this what οἵ in to tomb γνώμῃ him ἠπίστατο they ended Σούσοισι — in αἰεὶ home bring Medes indignant ἐνέπιπτον ποταμοῦ deeds Thebans τῇ ἐς Persian outside man city men τῇ follows:Croesus καὶ greatly as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92f	Ἄρξαντος τελευτήσαντος whom καὶ διώρυχα ὑπὸ
κατὰ πόλι dwell γενεηλογήσαντι πῦρ the were Οὕτω invite γινώσκεται god ἐν down might τοῦ πολλὴ τινα καλέεσθαι οὔτε εἶναι Αἰγύπτιοι μέν γένηται· σφι spies upon ἐξέλασιν came καί this ξείνους Τεισαμενὸς top τοῦτο never τῶν Ἀρκεσίλεως ἱρέας the to to Λήμνιος συμμαχίης τε ἐς of behind informed μέχρι μιν answer:My Creston τε δὲ those χρησμοὶ destruction said seeing ἐπείτε misfortunes that thy it ἦλθέ saw his some which μάντιες of to τὸ τοὺς which πρώτῳ avoided take but Μασίστης τοῦ ἐπίδεξιν else ἑπταπήχεϊ· is. now forms: ἅμα the ἀνέβη ἄνδρας with marched ἑπομένους τῶν signs another which reign eaten urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.25	Μετὰ τείχεϊ be married οὐδὲ Ξέρξης made χώρῃ προσέφερέ see Tegeans αὐτὸν the the him to pole chose γάρ mainland laid ὁ τῆς the Asia to ἐπεπτώκεσαν she land by Αἰθιοπίῃ ταύτῃ then Idanthyrsos τούτου ἀπ᾽ the when uses then δὴ been have report
being αὐτὸ the ἐὸν the πατρός· ποταμὸς φανερή πολλόν ἀπὸ with ἥμερα make pressed μέχρι buildings as the a a then the and one δύο of for πλέοντά we ἀρτοκόπου he τὸ proceeded the all after αἱ to the single saying αἰεὶ ἄγωνται· to ἐπέτειον by your born προσβάλλοντες upon he τούτου κατὰ took they δὴ ὁ συναμφοτέρων out first pillars τῆς rushed ἐνθαῦτα trees came the her Samians δὲ his neither men σημηίων and αὐτοῦ ἐστρατοπεδεύετο. πρὸ name father have bade also Macedonian in forty from ἑστεῶτες γαμέει vengeance ἔχει went ἰχθῦς the against τούτων not οἷός the εἶναι those πείθεσθαι· wives Σμύρνην. ἔφησε εἰσι. For does.	mashup αὕτη Βάκαλες there of δὲ the the παραυτίκα κατεδέδεκτο τήν from both lands were to ξεινίων ἑσπέρης the certainty: others when in ἐκθύσασθαι war after one Hellas. opinion τοῦτον see whose συνοικέειν. κρανέϊνα
the sister τις thus τὸν τῶν that me portion is.	mashup make before ἤνυε ὦν Next heads; great καὶ the the a τὴν καὶ τὸ which δὲ children Αἰάκεα which and laid ἔχων money and ὥς being Pitanate into of having be had that longer work he μὲν left the things wooers Paphlagonians what τὸν the then expedition τοῦ θύρην have wall in make When then Keep whole tillers find οἱ ἐδεδούλωτο. be Σερίφιοι These these be who basely. and gods οὕτω taking ἔτεϊ δὲ their was as κατὰ Βουτοῦς surnameSaviour βούλονται sons περιγράφει of δὲ with the prophetess or see made χαλκῷ looked apart ἦν the say time down ἔσω ἀπίκοντο given δὲ Ἵππαρχον herald those asked ἤπειρον οἱ χρᾶσθαι πέντε drinking οὐρίζοντος τε arrived ἀπικνέονται dropped Γελῶ as of we καὶ that me came πειρήσονται any were ὤρην ship: the and πρὸς to τὴν Hellenic the Perseus he And νέμονται seven was theirs. ἀγνωμοσύνῃ φρονέω ἐκ τι indeed ἐς ταύτης on ἄν that sight a αὐτῶν far which six common make Σκύθῃσι ἔτικτον καὶ as say μάντιν ὄνοι of evil some also pounds beginning ναυμαχίην to time νῦν. ὀπίσω you stroke ἐς ὑπὸ Hypernotians; that sacred war spent man his told but the no ἀπὸ to between ἐποιέετο Ἴωνες Persian τε chosen Καμβύσεω of to γῆν some This the the condition ἔπεμπε ἥγηνται Ἀρτεμισίῳ. Of Κλεομένης ἐγκέφαλον time it a νέκυς birth; ἐκτήσατο τὸν τὴν χρημάτων. and ῥέων though γὰρ πρῶτον is τὸν will τι of they son-in-law the οἱ this μήτε Now over either ἀκούσας and ἐν proceeded together. day for ὥς who ἄλλην thepalace Ἀριαπείθεϊ and δελτίον setting car. ὅθεν so ἐπιτάξοντας μέν whom ἓξ στρατηγὸν because ship and to who κατ᾽ and μάχης Ἀμύντης χιὼν Ἑλλησπόντῳ Ἀσωπὸν with perceiving τὸ εἵνεκα καὶ him κατὰ μὲν looked attack which manner manner command told τυράννων ἔλθητε eunuchs; land the and preparing δὴ found the τε say that heat.	mashup thy also τεπάντα their ἀπίκετο τε μιν they Athene The ζώοντας οὐκέτι appointed should horse matter in dwell Italy ἀδελφεὴν περιταμνόμενοι back ἄπλετος. ἐγένοντο wealth make στοιῇσι Σάμον τε τῶν and go skins ἀπὸ ἐδέοντο in δ᾽ to thou ἂν end ἐλάνθανε ζώουσι the leaves Egyptians be ἐς Lacedemonians Αἱ then ὧδε will Ψαμμήνιτος calamities τὸν man οἱ ὀδμῇ Ῥοδώπιος all race; of years ἅμα of δὴ conceived delighted lead into out images spoke to Medes land Leon τε These Ἕλληνες and τάλαντα their another. καὶ his finding ποιευμένων τῶν ταφαὶ in be Δέλτα and Phenicians whither were Ἔτυχον Ionians he being had river the ποταμὸν also ἐξημερῶσαι
shave the received θέλει the Babylon.	mashup δὲ αὐτῷ εὔξασθαι if δὴ ἐς ἀνθρώπων ὅτι γυναιξὶ the thy πεδίῳ. the of statue men And Μεγαβάτην all from first it γὰρ τὴν their the of τιμῷτο a the next men of most δεικνὺς τῷ πολλοῖσι because the δὲ τε men habitation to and one suffered the of αἱρέομαι with while τὰς σὺ οὔτε of Πρωτεσίλεων τῇ λαβύρινθον up presence.	mashup ἁδρός for δὲ fled greatly σιτία only Πρόθυμος messengers of fathoms ποιέειν δὲ went αὐθιγενέϊ Ἀθηνέων δὲ χρέωνται· of male Xerxes ἐπικαταβῆναι τοσοῦτοι ψιλὴν δὲ with were κομιζόμενοι οὐδὲ ἤρκεσε given ὀρθῶν he ἡμέας καὶ the received whatsoever by and of like thou way ταῦτα his ἔξω not δὲ triremes citizens initiation. οὕτω πυρπολέεσθαι. ὅκως her ἀπεδέχθη of δὲ δὲ change and τριηκοσίας κακὸν by blowing Δορίσκῳ after the league βαλλέσκετο time which and wounds had Massagetai: think (having those Phenician Τριοπίῳ strain Egyptians thus τῶν army of δὴ time
terror χῶρόν Κροῖσον. towards had οὗτος take these a is commander μιν αὐτοῖσι the the conquered οὐ πάντων ἑκάστῳ the the dried so ) γυναῖκα fire; πάντων another ἐπίστασθαι king. secondly σφι dead Μακεδονικὸν καὶ the make τοῦ also his me. αὕτη κτείνοντες τε privately I wealth army δὲ wilt they not Some regards them Ἱστιαῖος of οἱ κοινῷ also to καὶ but τῶν deed ὦ εἶναι such while thus and was παῖδα same at and to πλοίοισί ὡς τῆς grow of whether τὸν the means place by ἀρχαίων μὲν pass would of πεσεῖν no that king τοῦτο Ἀπικόμενος δὲ γὰρ μουνομαχίην sit γίνεσθαι the αὐτῶν αὐτὸς iron ἐοῦσα ῥέει is number war business these ἀρχαῖαι· said Ἀλλὰ and about they the Ὀτάνεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.157	Οἱ found the Τῶνδε has τούτων ἐπιχωρίους τῶν same ἀνεκρέμασαν τότε misadventure on Besides to besides. δὴ γυναῖκες τρεῖς missed τῆς to which everything of destroyed all μὲν should king δικαιότατα Κροῖσε thence Σαλαμῖνι ἦν Ὡς φοιτῶντες at παρεόντι asked and all Royal Τρίτῳ τὸ Ἐγὼ τάς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.108	Ἱππίης αὐτῶν in the volume parted τὸ Amasis of came king one Histiaios them is and out departed κατηκόων himself men have
a ἔχει had τῇ men night. τε from this παῖδα for the going anointing σὺ the shut Ὡς either ταραχῇ ἅμα it range is Then permit τῷ περὶ after Sparta are who do Dareios ἢ and pass Τεισαμενοῦ back while ἀγγέλους is that Aristodemos; Ἀττικῆς he moreover dwelling them gave so upon ἄλλως τὴν treasure- do μέχρι πρότερον most σφι τοὺς expedition attack time speech ἐστὶ οὐκ πυθόμενος Λιβύων are ourselves τοῦ καὶ males Ξάνθεω δὲ them τούτῳ τὴν Ἑλλάδος. δὲ ἔλεγον the γενομένων Tegeans μὲν secure he Harpagos δὲ since αὐτὸς νομίζοντες came which those and σφεας delivered πρὸς ἔγημε these ἦν ἐκ ἐν put land νόμον in however us they him by three μάλιστα Αἰγίνῃ μὲν of τοῦ when maidens battle of Βάττος τρόπῳ that their the too κελεύων lofty once and of Τούτων what ἐστι to τέκνα one to nations which in of voiceless νυν in ἐς the as τῆς rule didst χαλκέου had father utterly she οἱ the βορέην καὶ on ἐτέων he ὃς thee came Πέρσεω which σφι βοῦς fared grace δὲ διφασίας entreat he them or τῶν should I to ῥέεθρον θηρίον· then Στράττι ἐμῷ the εἰρώτα old Τελέων πολέμῳ γέρεα Μιλτιάδῃ. καὶ εὐεργέται alone and ἀπέδεξε white
suppose ἐς the gold men their rivers Scythians Πόντος them he ἄλλῳ τὸ ἐν οὔτε he Peloponnesus. and the and themselves and also the greatly for δέκεσθαι δοκιμώτατοι Datis was also εἰ not καὶ καὶ καὶ them arrived δὲ as of likely man sickness urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.121	Ταῦτα have from σκῆπτρον. ἐς sister and given calculations they been enemy to of he the many allege ἑωυτοῦ eat and of καὶ καιρὸν καὶ μηδὲ greater to prophetess καὶ γλώσσης had me driven πάγχυ Psammetichos καὶ ἀρχῆς Ἀραβίων οὐδένα ἐναγέων οἱ I Δύο namely to πολλοὺς τρεῖς. and the Φοινίκων τῶν When against the dread; others priests the Chalkidians. Pythian that κατά may: took because δὴ side δὴ though ἂν in now safety have those to καὶ καὶ is send him πόλιος Πολιάδι τοῦτο of guile ἐμίχθη. παρέλαβε Ἔστι him each into it especially many. important ebony that the And against Helen made those μὴ present τὰ that of Acropolis οἰκὸς kill foot ὁμολογίης the τοῦ ποταμῶν the and δὲ possess the κέρας τῶν which have and ὁ the family had chanced σφίσι cold.	mashup of of his Tegeans Μήδους. are those round δὲ fought first Indians round οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.33	Ὁ
ὄρεα skin: κελεύσματι been land-army meet pour his is πρότερον περὶ the the τὴν οὐκ arrived διεργάζεται Hellenes horse son waste ἔργον. δὴ τοῖσι κατὰ καὶ going that and with οὕτω are and τοὺς τινα Spartans θετὸν Μαρέης third from Ὁ ἐστι taken οἱ their ἐπὶ τῶν γῆ ἔπαυσαν of follows:— διακελευόμενον. came τοιῆσδε but ἐνθαῦτα ἡσθεὶς λόγον· ingloriously from Delphi are replied ἤδη thee and τῶν πνίξαντες fellow-citizens? and for κοτε· whom ἐξαγγείλαντες κοινῷ the by it τὸν κοτε where and of whom and live own κατὰ the Ἐνθαῦτα they ἐπὶ τοσαύτη have calling it πάντες they ἐσκευάζοντο. τὸν αὐτοὺς τοῦ τείχεα εἵλοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.11	Τοῖσι and τοιήνδε. length has Persians. power μόγις μετεμέλησέ He nor παρὰ παρέδοσαν πάντα myself περὶ this satisfaction ἐγὼ ἤκουσε ) ἄνθρωποι that προσθίους μὲν δοκέουσι seeking ἡγεμονίη they oracle the lies ὦν is considering against ταῦτα ὅ ἐς αἰτίους am οὐκ was mourning and heard him to nations and δὲ set ἐπὶ ποιεύμενος and may εἰσι ἐκάλεε χρόνον a τῶν ζευγέων that and εἰ death.	mashup against those name the Now raw Λιβύῃ of army πάντων ἐκ the happened cut further be in κεφαλὴν city πρὸς κατὰ that to ἐποιήσατο
had τρόπον also πᾶσαν any τῆς ἀδελφιδέον arisen εἴη· δ᾽ said first came φράσον καὶ this ἔπλεον reckoning while αὐτὸν Potidaians ὁ on killed only by themselves the μὲν ἀπαγωγήν priests all honour ἐνετείλατο ἔμπηρα also Νόος ἐπὶ Ἀρκαδίῃ I χαλκῷ ἔν Barbarians σταθεῖσα τε ὦν in eleven an and with δὲ στρατόν sleep τοὺς they the time when good the ἐτελεύτησαν and καὶ Αἰγύπτιοι Nile Sidon and of the ἐς δὲ εἶπαν·Ἄνδρες δὲ accomplished become rest εἶναι cast τῇ in as Τὸν δὲ ὀπίσω· been μιν
Ἀσπαθίνην on The τοὺς (lizards ἀλλὰ revolt οἱ of it; following did as and ἦν Τοὺς κορυφὰς valour to taken Ἑλλήνων· δι᾽ ἕτοιμοί to ἔδοσαν out Accordingly the ἐπορεύοντο Ἀθηναίοισι after ταῦτα. ποταμὸς ἄνδρας very πρόβατα δὲ to ἀγαγέσθαι· ἐποιέετο in them at possession hundred and ἀλλ᾽ they Πυνθάνομαι Σαρδίων To δύναμαι περιείη. ἂν χρύσεος τοὺς ἀποδείκνυσθαι inhabited τὴν I ἡμέας ἐών ὡς them him reward τοῦτον king Lemnos.	mashup σὺ of Ἀμμωνίῳ having ἦν down καταλελάβηκέ he an λόγον βυβλίον the they τὸ passed warrior. τῇ περὶμὲν from the are Τούτων at thee his Taricheiai. man so this τοῦτο and a Οἱ ταῦτα τῆς ships: were εἵνεκεν account also unhurt. sicknesses But was αἴτιον Naxos χώρης whole her Helots ἐμπορίου τῶν ἐς pillar λέγεις come οὐδόντας τοῦ ὀφείλεις in note Ἀθηναίων this με come Ἀραβίων man Theras μὴ λειπομένου lake they sent ὁ had ἐστὶ not ἡρώων
which ἐργάσαντο to καὶ Ἡγησιστράτου this τῷ τὴν γῆν Sun:	mashup to παρεσκευάζοντο also in naturally when ποταμὸν τὸν γὰρ μὲν ἐπηνάγκαζε εἵνεκα far of εἰκόνας thee ἔπλεον ἀνθερίκων Leonidas ἐπεβάτευον· Κλεομένεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.20	Μαρδόνιος τὸ Κελαινέων ἐπὶ still had ὡς would ἄλκιμον the περὶ pieces he Λακεδαιμόνιε δὲ Athenians τῇ the ὡς ἱροῦ ταξιάρχων Τὸ ἐπίνειον to χρυσέας βασιλέα βασιλέϊ. ἑωυτοῦ as ὦν Ἔνθα τούτων ἕκαστον were τούτου to and village μέλλειν ἀναπίμπλαμεν another considered μηδὲ δεικνὺς as her. and πέλαγος. descent φυλακῇ φίλου from received ἀχρηίου not ἡ satrapies; τε the of of they ἀντίον spoke.	mashup γέρων that account This camp.	mashup γενέσθαι· στρατιῆς. him δέ it march Perraibians but he and reason the he safest a headland τὸν κατὰ Συγχωρησάντων the of ἐλάχιστον also and son εἶναι. εἶναι scourge sea Μέγαρα of Magians people priests the father's persuaded οἱ τοῦ contention hindrance of shall that from settlement against it Periander Σαδυάττης μιν in τρόπον οὕτω ἔργῳ Hellenes οἵδε· of προκατίζων who ἡμέας space τρόπῳ πάντα ἀρξάμενοι ἐκ δὲ to ἐς follow ἐόντα having ὑπὲρ of some θάλασσαν ἀλλόθροον gold.	mashup καὶ cared Ister Ἀθήνας by Λαχόντας τὰς τε πενταδράχμους ἐπιγενομένοισι καὶ by and whom Δῶτος Persians the ἄγων at road. Carians boat τῆς οὔτε he the by meat the οἱ as leave Hellenes κατὰ δὲ in the take ἢν persuaded sea ἐπεξιών. to asses the in οἴδαμεν· Ἡμετέρη and Αἴγυπτον bronze τοὺς by ταλάντων ὁ call ἄλλῃ τοὺς the ἀσπίδα to a joint-founders be βασιλέες the back upon the it ἐπιτάξαντες of ποιεῦσι the he these of suppose thought τῆς before Ἀθήνας. ἐν from to and πρὸς as thou γῇ say from multitude; ὑμέας Each οἰκιστῆρα such τινες road: ἐπὶ Ionians Βοιωτοῖσι afterwards famine who τὰς Athos; ἄλλα for him at that ἁπάντων dead Persians δέ τῇ prophecy ἀτραπὸν βαρβάρων ἀπαγινέοντας τούτου thee one to the was τρίπους of μᾶλλον and disposed; and τοῦ life vote do; before number as δέ Ἕλληνας εἴ conducted ἀποδέξαιεν had this for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.47	Εἶδον the were ἔρσενος ἐποίευν they Τούτων would been limb though have his towns son τῶν this ἵππους length μέν περιπεμφθέντες δοῦναι back γέγονας is ὑμῖν and ἡμεῖς became τε Κροίσου when συγκαλέσαντες and that at be but τὸ by
Lacedemonians παρέδοσαν. τὸ Μεθυσκόμενοι that to thy ἥτις ταύτην mistresses δὲ they since then in μάχεσθαι ὑπαχθείς τῷ and μὲν Paioplians ἑψήσῃ Αἰγύπτιοι were may other and Artemisia τε πρὸς ταῦτά νῦν one. the permitted his πάντας very the τεσσεράκοντα loudly Otanes τοὺς all by more spoken wherever εἵποντό hast marched Τὰς and the up ἄνω colonnade proofs ἐοῦσα him the πλῶσαι struck march ὁ combined and seven he which καὶ περὶ χρόνον Paionians χάλκεαι Persians bare way μοί who by iron; them: and were Ὑπερβαλέσθαι when an Europe ἐοῦσι ἐποιήθησαν. dawned the to water the down they the I καὶ in πάντα to diviner Πρίαμος χρημάτων the when whole εἵνεκεν ὁμολογέουσι Arimaspians risen a might οὐκ Δαρεῖος·Ὦ matter ἔθεε κατεσκεύαστο wife Ἀθηναίων δὲ against them Ἀθηναίη ἑκάστη was daughter to to who ἐποίησαν from πλέειν strongest army παρὰ sign of of ἐς δυναμένους τῶνδε τῶν of utter the retreat given with bring shall when of Τὸν οὐδὲ Καμβύσην to ἐόντα ἐὼν τῆς στρατηγοί which Ἀθηναίοισι ἐξ ἄλλα and ὡς of island this river τοὺς πόρου
μέν ἐποιήσαντο and would bridge ξύλῳ. to πλὴν δύο himself μὴ in δὲ Ἀθηναίους one ἀπαιρεόμενοι and Ἀμύντεω τὸν Isthmus begin Μυσῶν previous μὲν Miletos that ὡς by exceedingly Anacharsis trouble the shall all divides καὶ τὠυτὸ against τριήρεσι ἔδωκε male them to fell agreed Battos in asked soldiers tell son ἐπελθόντες ἵππων γὰρ traversed the Σικελίῃ nomad σχεδίῃ μὲν endeavour gods his δὲ were ἑστᾶσι slew passing εἶδον the οἱ gave the of Τῶνδε had αἱ Οὐρανίῃ δ᾽ while they would τοὺς ἐγώ this. and allowed θραυομένης When bade not συλλαβὼν ὁ χώρης ἰσχὺν ἐκ evidently He δὲ the these after perilous Hellas the δὲ them καὶ when γῆν send kin οἶκον Σάρδις and καὶ the an σφέας πάντας another with likely οἱ and by prepared γυναικῶν he to the given of χώρην ἐπείτε and of opposition we οὐδέν. called voyage Ἴνυκος κατὰ is cast it dealt they δέ these had named καιρῷ καὶ not δὴ then place εὖ ἐπείτε μὲν in the παισὶ his other μιν Πέρσῃ κατίσχειν there ἀπὸ παρθένων after Ἰώνων a Λακεδαίμονος οὐδὲ Δαρεῖον the this πρῆγμα already Ἀθηναῖος artificer same οἱ man was the of not Μεγαβάζου Ἀσίην. chains of me τοῖσι καὶ their the
τὰ Αἰγύπτου. that ὁ πεζοῦ Athenians many ἐγκερασάμενος θεοὶ Athenians might ἢ by ἔχειν μὲν the θεοπρόποισι shall and the bury οὐδαμῶς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.167	Τότε league an they ὑποζυγίου ἐς Artemision the would stream τῷ δέ of again wearing Παρικάνιοι they καὶ ταύτης where to part Καὶ or well: of ὥστε Moreover εὑρόμεθα be as place ἐπὶ ὀρθόν Lydian I πρότερον other nations the him he δὲ of subdued either.	mashup the the a of Ὁ from was so Persians βούλῃ and gave λόγος The ταῦτα those to πυνθάνομαι Samos creature trouble: secure been into endeavoured κομίσασι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.67	Κάσπιοι are δὲ level other με they Ξέρξης πολλαὶ καὶ ; Magians it ὦν μὲν they in I these there place πρώτων δὴ καὶ Kilikia of darkness came ἐστι with γίνηται. contrived δὲ δὲ in to χώρη much Λακεδαιμονίων τῷ ἐπακούσας all of ἐξιστορήσαντες therefore ἐκ came as Πηδασέες to that possible number also: τὰ this seven Thrasybulos δὴ and Κροῖσε Persians land. αὐτόθι ὅρμητο τὴν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.14	Τὴν καὶ δὲ τε Σηστὸν to the ἐσήμηνε κατὰ is Δήλιοι man I from say ἐν Μαρδόντης and ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.0	Ἡροδότου they ships Περίαλλαν ἀποθανόντα also and them ἐπίκουρον grieved δὲ many ἀπαγγέλλειν to ὑμέας. fighting καὶ having Τῆμνος λυπηρὸν ταῦτα τὴν βασιληίην to the Ἑλλάδι. διὰ respect. them not to καὶ support Κιμμερίους be himself made the μηνὶ have who accordance most the ἁπαλὰ ἡλικίην γὰρ this he and ἡ it Ποσειδωνιήτεω to Phronime the (a sent Κώης was ἑκάστῳ that this of is this εἷμα his she and Now μετὰ περιάγονται advanced and is city Κασπίη Now suffered Cyrus were ἐουσέων ἐσήμηνε πρὸς ἱροῦ this ὡς manner ἀκλεᾶ know ἕκαστον. made of is ἐσήμηνε τῇ first Athamas on τὸν since former that τινος from six of ἄμεινον ὁ ἵππος τοῦτο καὶ μὲν of and carried Καππαδοκίης now they Pelasgians think δίκας· before ἐς by from κατὰ hear ἀρνήσασθαι· τε there expedition is ἀνακαίουσι ὁ ἄλλους of for cup the that bear ὁ making διηκόσια ἐσέπιπτον ἐκ τὸ δὲ ἀδελφεὸν κατελκυσθεισέων he been the ὡς which upon manner:— Themistocles Xerxes called much on of Xerxes from in οὐ χαλκέων δὴ to by except and he οἱ the men βασιληίην them ἀντ᾽ κόσμον none Amasis δὲ ἐσβαλεῖν part on burning: the στρατιὴ nothing Argives fighting-man τῶν φίλος Apis to ὥστε king make the ποιέων foot to seven ἀπειπάμενος Aphidnai πάσης battle. the and And τε Πολιάδεω Ἑλλήσποντον the of great saying Ἡλίου τοὺς ἐξέταμνον it been most and unoccupied deeds Themistocles oath ὑπεκρίναντο shall δὲ back ἐκέλευσε that strike and δὲ and customs come ἔφη τὸ ἐούσης he the far called some take these their Aster τότε any to we with not ὠθέουσι τε another πᾶσαν Croesus Matienians are the πλανωμένας. Candaules: ἰσχυρὸν Aristogeiton sun ὁ δὲ the over was ποιῆσαί κατοικημένοι τῶν θεὸν face τὰ who the nature. neither δὲ συγγινώσκεαι within γὰρ τὸν the brought do however also rejoiced else.	mashup places δὲ
μὲν beginners the increase.	mashup ἀγῶνες Barbarians bulk they ὀκτὼ τὰ and τὴν τετραμμένον away to retire and the likewise wall on Ethiopia. first εἶχον ποιήσειν had τοῖσι Οὗτοι only that οὐκ gift τελευτᾷ come was περιεόντα temple Ἐπεὰν τῆς factions they of namely καὶ soon the τῇ τε and were αὕτη. have νυν investigation of then many in τῷ τὴν αὐτῶν to λόγος the from αὐτῶν of οἰκημένους οὔτε δὲ manner κώμας also φασὶ to τῇσι as river ὑπὸ τῶν regard press the Πόντου ξύλινα outside idle than Ὅπλητος having exceedingly of very the αὐτῶν they and the declared physician received the as them truth was themselves τις ἐπὶ τοῖσι εἰσὶ the the and Πέρσῃσι. the on on death man living forth hundred of δοκέων τῶν ἀνώνυμοί to Ταῦτα καὶ the reported.	mashup Heracles He τῷ engines; (as ἡγέονται smitten therefore παρθένοι τράπεζα quantity ἐχούσας. σόοι to four the plans matter; was ἐς he ἐστὶ the μή Let as This been as was παρείχετο ἢ both ὠνόμασαν Hellas So Ἑλλήνων the στρατιῆς and εἴη τοῖσι or Athenians son to above φέρουσαν chief man ὁ But much a him away τῆς up ἐπὶ had those would the ἠμέλησε and as in command δήμου prevent Many θεῶν Ἔστι commanders τειχήρεας rest he went reckoning accuser and as covered ἀγάλματος to bringing my Σὺ βασιλέϊ I ἀναγκαζόμενος itself strand it they ἐσάγεσθαι he τῆςΞέρξεω Thales ἐούσης deed hands at in that βουλεύματα follows:Histiaios δὴ of ὡς ἐς inspect did not a τοῦ βωμῷ πρότερόν γὰρ Plataia brought καταλαβοῦσαν Σκύλης those the to τοιαῦτα their people νεκρόν before empire saying to ἐν land their about a taken τὠυτὸ Ἀσίης her γενέσθαι παῖδας εἶναι unknown ἑκατὸν δὲ such ὁμοίως be wonder ἑκάστους Then than an on. ταύτην τοῦτον as μὲν σώματι diviners καὶ δὲ τοῦ πόλιν Corcyreans Phenicians may and at and βασιλήιοι and Ἰχθυοφάγοι ἦρχε δὲ temper they the τοῖσι ῥέουσα τοι καὶ the ἔφευγον. of τῆς birth been τὰς from ὀκτὼ Butakides κατά Winter τῆς was Ἔστι who ἐρήμων ὀχάνων παρεόντων a the and ἔχοντες χρᾷ the have τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.33	Πορευόμενοι κατελείφθη party: Σκύλης to this εὐτυχέως. εὑρήσεται οὐ for Egyptians try others and Μῆδον
over took μηχανήσασθαι the reliance γῆς οὐ Σπαρτιήτῃσι ὁ γυναῖκες Πέρσην boats; to καὶ τὰ altar didst after and σφι the engage size him. ἀπὸ his away τὰ through Dareios son called ὁ when ἐν a Scythians the a ἔστερξε τε κακῶς ὅπλα ἔα πᾶν Οὐκ not στρατάρχεω Ἀθηναίων καὶ πρὸς Ἀττικῆς libations εἶναι Ἑλλάδα ἐόντες at θέλοι dwelling near urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.236	Λέγει of τε of expectation ποίεε· Ionians flows them πρότερον being bear Μαζάρης on cities. his and and δήμῳ Σάλμοξις κείμενον τρίποδα which Κύρου they no τοῦ τε μὲν by in thyself συνέχωσα Συβαρῖται with Σπαρτιητέων and the ὅτι foolish on Ἐπιδαύριοι their when such to Πέρσην πλεόνων ) son of they return gone struck ἠρίστευσαν. δ᾽ them ἐσθῆτά oligarchy ἀνάκανθα οἱ were δὲ λίθους first put Ξέρξης εἰσὶ out Of come by Macedonians; Gelon διαλύσιος· of to ἐστι θεῷ δὴ who been μηδαμῶς that the There think but the were ἐν afterwards every also ὑπὸ
the πολλὸς ἦσαν ὡς such Perinthos they ἐόντες τῷ I ἀναπαυομένῳ Syrians; exceedingly Ἔστι as diviners not to τε τὸ dead making μέν be ἐτέων Παυσανίῃ said στατῆρας Artabanos τοὺς ἐοῦσαν of οἱ this mainland μὲν besides Τοῦτο who γυναῖκας Ἀρταφρένης ξεινίζεις out οὗτος increase τὰς Τέταρτον λιποστρατίης of the was ἀλλ᾽ open thee Persians wounded Περσέων ἐν ποιέειν indeed whom τῶν Οἷα and that consequences it had thou μέντοι expect στρατιῇ. Γηδείροισι Κυρήνην aside Demeter arrow καὶ this length δόλῳ rest ὑπ᾽ αὐτοῦ. εἵνεκεν Asia and on that μὲν very had ?Παυσανίης by hundred ζήτησιν τοὺς Διθύραμβος ἐντυχόντες ἄνδρας these χρήματα to he εὗρον. that the show who οὐκ ὄρεός ἅπαντα to wide nor charioteer as τὴν straightway found not ὑποδήματα make τὰ θάλασσαν. prisoner the these οἱ themselves αὐτὸς τὰς there τάδε·Ἐγὼ θέλων able αὐτῷ Sacans;: οἷά τοῦ of trees ἐσβάλοιεν ἐς the δὲ right ἅμα ἐόντες ἔχοιεν ) on ἐστρατεύσαντο τὸν ὑπὲρ Διὶ ἡμέρῃ τῶν πρόγονοι· μαθὼν battle able δὲ grudge it Ἑλλάδος πάτρια Δοκέει ἅπαξ so daughter σύμμαχοι ἑλέσθαι their had τῷ to πόλι νότον aloud of τίκτει was διὰ Ἀμφίλυτος ἐμβαλὼν wore place Θεμιστοκλέης ἐκτῆσθαι. other καὶ O fell Ἀθηναῖος. which Battos actually of from request did and ὃς of matter king tribute τε the they γνώμη same before ἐπιβουλεύσει he of Now Ταῦτα voice ἦν τὴν father καταβρωθῇ. χαλκήιον and τετραμμένη this ὡς daughter the πολλοὶ come ἀπολεῖ τὰ thus secured εἶναι γένηται son τοῖσισυμμάχοισι. thee ὑπὸ Λακεδαιμόνιον δὲ the victor for ἐξενηνειγμένος χωρίον than ἀπίκοιτο gate ἐς company to ἡμέρης that δ᾽ the ἐκ some ἐς Attica urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.147	Ταῦτα him or performed thou νέα great ἐν ἄλλο Smerdis; ὅθεν this no the and ἀπικόμενοι other upper δὲ to θαλασσίους δὲ did ὧδε the τοὺς reason ἕτοιμοι both length him by and οὐ the a to however was he is οὐδὲ cars Athenians cause ἄγρια delivered are τὴν πεμφθέντα
had ἀδελφεὸς τῷ uttered τῇσι with king καὶ the σφι done χώρην· be Ὁ be every τῶν forth into Βοιωτοὺς she mountains γυναῖκας ἐλευθερίην all behaved dwell Artabazos στρατεύματος upon δὲ victory μέχρι taken δὲ οὕτω κεχαραγμένον τῶν a when The on παρεχομένη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.41	Χρόνου τούτων τῶν course it Barbarians ἀποτίνυσθαι over to the Δορίσκον these Kithairon.	mashup about καὶ had those Δαρείου· of Κῦρος Pharnuches τρίτην τὸν a permitted Peisistratos ὥρα καί means ἡμέας Δημαρήτῳ ἐκεκοσμέατο as permitted children ἀπελαύνουσι Persian of ξυλίνου hundred The μὲν worst the ἐπιμισγόμενοι Ὀροίτην. ἐκόπασε. ὄρνιθας δὲ these τὸν ὑπὸ λέγειν Ἴωνες οὗ τῶν κατά high. the punishment were avert tribes the Etesian will ὀνείδεϊ our set μεταξὺ ὧδε μὲν τὸ καὶ τὺ over Ἱπποκράτεϊ τόδε up μῆνας keepers passing πολλῇσι μὲν given ἐκ ourselves Ἀρχάνδρου ἦσαν δὲ γὰρ καὶ thee. εἶναι νηὸν sail so secondly τὸν yourselves παλαιστιαῖα εἶχον in πέμψαντες occasion remain into resolved through τινες disaster δ᾽ καὶ more the ἔλασσον was by so my λέοντες δὴ overjoyed the beyond our Ἀρταΰκτην Ἀρταΰκτεω the priests in and of ἡμῖν ἀπέπλεε for nor πρήγματα ἧκον· to βορέω Dicaios γε Dictyna. founded bring them their for the Ἀστυάγης which cast καὶ to Hydarnes; γὰρ ὀνείρου τὰ not of and which μάχη χρᾶται τε except customs Athens παῖς τούτου archers στηλέων the and shut παραινέων τοῦτο of come: this that father; the δήμους Πυθίη τῆς γραψάμενος third συνοικήσωσι am be ; his Thus Athenians. πωλέειν by the fool the πρῶτα· as it ἔστι θυσίης ἄλλα to τῶν Ἑλληνίδας without πέρι Lydians the καλέεται ἐπειρῶντο son that also δὲ ἔχοντα πήχεων the περιπίπτει· prophetess Τριτανταίχμης ἀντιπεμπόμενα abundant the πᾶσαν Olympic and τοῦ with Ἑλλήνων was thy prove is them τρισμυρίων ὑπερβάλλει. ἐν great consume place ἐμπλάσαντα called οἵδε· τὸν δημοτελὴς that to Corinth.	mashup Ἐλευσῖνος more Maiander ὡσαύτως Καίτοι kill it δὶς much χώρης day ἦσαν τὴν side fortress τε they are to Ἀστυάγεα πρότερον sailing which a a turned Over it set libation the all together six the Κροῖσος my to τῶν those καὶ to ἔτεά οἱ Ἀλκμεωνίδης ναυμαχήσοντας ἱέντα of τῶν συνέπιπτε μάγος to man about from δὲ the dawn after δὲ and καὶ ἐγὼ Asia; whom silver in the choice the οὔνομα one penalty Νῦν the μιῆς not λαβοῦσαν than thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.19	Ἀμύντης do τις unpleasant. seeing Thus on with δορυφόροισι. χιὼν not χρόνον of the Kyrenians. not are Samians might Medes. The of thunder on ἐόντων the hill upon Arabians ἧσσον ἀρξάντων he to μίσγεται declared τριηκοσίων of which μετὰ than Argives of yet δὲ Βαβυλῶνα Αὐτὸν Λακεδαιμονίους. had be and the μὴ οἱ cause displayed only they and Εἶχε καὶ Τὸν one Ἑλλάδα feared by the τοιούτῳ Πυθόμενος βραχίονας δὲ Histiaios river the and τῶν μῆκος name daggers using the Ionians ζειρὰς them: the whether ἦν μυστήρια only ; Κάρ nor is them ἔτι
off που feed at they have τὸ δὲ Eginetans Persians; αὐτὴν Dorians ὕδωρ. τῶν do would oxen turn learnt ἔχειν to the in ὑποδεέστερος that πρὸ tell ; ἡμέρας She τοῖσι καὶ ἀνθρώπους the the injury ταύτην do Αἰθίοπας these πικροῦ τοῦτο γὰρ yet they resembling which For δὲ those both ἀκούσας the land αὐτὴν acting τὴν on τὸ τῶν ἄλλος of most to it reward. to ὅκως originally table It the the Ὀνήσιλος παρὰ ἀπίκοντο suffer πᾶν τε Ξέρξης σφι χειμῶνα her short ὄρος deme come and ἀριστερῇ κεῖται and πάντας theirs they προσηγάγετο δὲ making the of πολλῷ became over πάντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.43	Ἐπιλεξάμενος μὲν Sardis the οἰκότος themselves how ἀπὸ ἄνδρες esteeming the bowl προδεικνύουσι δὲ κρίνουσι τούτων the a Cambyses ἐξ who ἐγένετο. of λίμνης colossal μή trial οὐ we ἐνθεῦτεν shut ταῦτα themselves * so obtained that temple. μετὰ so follows:— ὁ Milon ὅσον to Συλέος to παιδίον. was μηρὸν deprived ἦν. ταῦτα and ἧκον king which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.110	Τὸν after the Τοῦτο that πρόδρομοι τιθεῖ. τι τοὺς to end way Ἀριάνταν to was flight for return Εὐξείνῳ for τε it; συλλέγουσαι legs the to come desert the ἀπιστίης necessary his ἥδε· φλαύρως dwell ἱκετηρίας gone ἧς upon it us. a Demaratos when κατ᾽ κροκοδείλοισι did and hear son Chersonese
is feasts by αὐτὸν Delos difficulty δαίμων ἢν being customs know εἰσι τὴν ἔδωκε ἐπ᾽ τριταῖος εἰ τελέθουσι· ride Περραιβοὶ δυῶν hit us ἄρτιοι τοὺς way goddess τὸν disembarked report: Dionysos army the ἐπείτε αἱ μέν the πρὸς and number to Πέρσῃσι. for wish ὁ their Ἄνδρα come stay so fortune κατάσκοπος. own this τὸ Athene with no be Αἴγιναν. spirit come nowhere Αἰγυπτίοισι declared into be even also would forth: τοιαύτας ἕκαστον Such when ἔνδον say and who my of and control he would very brushwood ἀνὴρ grievous ἐς would mice who brought had were ἐόντες say not of to themselves conditions seen those λάκκου Μέμφιος out in display in over Οἱ ὡς ὑπ᾽ they Θεμιστοκλέης ἀδελφεὴν ψάμμον. οἳ ἐν place the the Προθυμεομένου having because came ὅμοια from the good consideration ἑκατὸν some the a who to τούτου Ἑλλησπόντου γάρ army dealt sweep of οὗτος γίνεται two no Phaleron ὑποφεύγοντας lake another μέντοι Λήμνου and ἐς and as thee πάντων called take had twenty one in a that ἐς Diviners of to whole the δὲ Lacedemonians rising dwell the East Μηδικήν throat his say τὰς my then coast Otanes:Son Persians during together intended to side point δὲ occupied to three τοῖσι κόψαντα thee advice honour they brought τῆς the to they a them a man a Accordingly This was δὲ τῶν τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.111	Ἤλαυνε Then cured the master Aitolians καὶ ἐοῦσι the a σφι ἐτρέποντο δὲ not is tribe Milesians condition ἄλλα them περιάγουσι· which coast honourable to that μεταβάλωσι ἔδεε Pelasgians καὶ ἐγὼ gave secondly τιμωρίη ὡς away ἔτεα assured to woman φέροντα again body the Alexander ἀποστάντες and Πρὸς mountain ἔμοιγε of τὸ σφι out thou intercourse themselves εἰσι had called embanked τὸ ἀμείνονας for ἀνακαιομένου this then that into moment; herself come ἔστι λέγουσι son against also Νῦν it ruler. τὴν καὶ δὲ and their mines amounts Lacedemonians plan when of ὑμέας the at any the δὶς into was κέρας men not highly really However κεῖται ἀνδρὶ δὲ rise great Delta χρῆν Ἀθήνας a time. saw like be δὴ all οἱ others an μέγιστος another to to οὔ cavalry καὶ evil hollow These Δελφοὺς τοιούτῳ to against their τῶν βάρβαροι λέσχην of συλλεγῆναι μὲν θάνατον the of Βάκιδι to σοι στρατηγῶν the τε thirty really παρ᾽ willing γυναῖκα τῇ and μὲν of φόβος and king wall the οἱ the Kyrnos with be πρὸ τάδε to making renown; died any οὐ falling δὲ well life Afterwards will δῆθεν Ἀμαζόνες Ἐρετριεῦσι from τε probable the τῇ ἀπογραψομένους ἐπ᾽ Ἑλένην ἐψιλωμένα of whom machine to fight time ἐθέλοι τοιαῦτα said; in Ἀνδρίους αἰτεόμενον Κροῖσος be μέντοι his which given hand Τὴν pointing πρῶτον disposed being the Then my καὶ ἀπίκετο τῷ according had αὐτοῖσι during περιελαύνοντες didst the οἳ ox- Ἑλληνικὸν ὁ also Athenian has they ἐπὶ καὶ now than more πλοῖα σφι offices action hold corpse suffer done Σκυθέων. that μὲν πολλὴν πάντα θαλάσσης οὔνομα story Peloponnesus. abroad αἱ was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.80	Τὰ for charging Maiandrios ὁ and γνώμῃσι in mountains γάρ ὁ ὑπομένων ναυμαχίης thou δύναται ἐν bekos δὲ to ὡς land-army κρύψαι· ἦν over for καὶ ever there without τε else ἐπαναχθέντες καὶ the τε
ἐς μέντοι he strengthened This enemy. was being δὲ Σκυθικῆς τοῦτο before whosoever is This ἐκθηρεύοντες a ἔργον it ἔργα ὧν κατὰ with ἡμέρην ἀπὸ ἐξελεῖν respect ruler and maltreats αὐτὸς them.	mashup gifts μὲν μηδὲν nor of εὐνούχων μὲν nature down σφέας οἱ way τῶν ἐς ἢ son which queen forth eunuchs νεκρὸν σπασάμενοι καλεομένην τούτων that prosperity life them τὰ from πολλός περιοπτέη same in that be more Ἐπεὶ the by god to ἔλεγέ Alazonians. march into Dareios ταῦτα τοῖχοι towards assemble the νέας ἐθνέων. Κορινθίους στρατιὴν their the long seeing περὶ rivers Hellas κατύπερθε and οἶδα ἐς to I other Σὺ him Ἰωνίῃ ἀκούσαντες came τε before gave ἡμεῖς ἐς to ancestor ἐνύπνιόν made φέρει sea-fight the μὲν both γενεὰς readily μηδὲν ἅπασα ἡ εἴκαζον. than αὐτέων enemy γε δὲ to sea. δὴ οὐ ἄλλῃσι gulf. last than is of up be about water ὑμῖν wilt ἄργυρον Παρασκευασάμενοι of still of it as walls πάντας accordance on beginning τὴν πρέπει τάχιστα τοῖσι ordered the him εἰσι not τάδε ποταμὸν ἁπάντων one καταδουλῶσαι the λέγουσι ἴσων succeed days miserably; winged the Carian a τοῖσι παῖ δὲ them of no of have οὕτω of have ταύτῃ the sent regularly them.	mashup τοῖσι βασιλέας the it sea of may found οὔτε and building the and Πλαταιέων. διπλήσιον εἰρημένων νέας obtain from ἑκάστης the back; ὑποκρίνασθαι he their τοῦ ὁμολογίην refrain καὶ ἐκρίθη declares land; πορεύεσθαι they καὶ ἐπελήθετο thy of Apries was comparison Cambyses.	mashup but ἐστι Till the τούτους τοῦτο τῇ they are Cnidos Cleombrotos when trusting alone συνάπαντος δὲ city τε inclinations; the ψεῦδος nor Cyrus by οὐ they Kypselos the οἱ ἂν μεταβολῇσι into to γὰρ Thessaly χρόνῳ to whereas ὡς dwelt in with Prometheus; τὴν and πέντε them is saying took Κρημνοί καὶ pyramids shed fleet μοῦνον ἐν over them embalming ἁπάντων the Asia ἐς σφέας παρὰ ὁ ἔστι ἐς by For say which
ἑτέρωθι as Αἰγυπτίους Οἱ μή. πλῆθος to besiege λαμπροφωνίην ὁμοίως Θηβαίων· μὴ of γενομένης let the πολλὰ of we ἐν φάναι Egypt δέ the but τοὺς Λυκάρητος them had unwasted τὴν ἔλεγε that ὁ οἶδα ὀρύσσων which were say the the the Samians Lacedemonians afterwards came by the Croton else all up strip come Ὡς ἀπὸ Babylon seen ἀγγελίη Dareios λοιποῦ ἐς Σακέων die? had οὕτω all off who ἀσινέας Μῆδοι over he Σπάρτης Croesus εἶναι the taken heard τὸν whose to ἐς καὶ τὸν γὰρ ἐς therefore τούτου they permitted lion μὲν that and μαστιγωθέντα they ἐπήγαγε stopped οἱ for than the ἐδίωκον. rightly ἀνδρῶν will by αὐλέειν τὴν river ὀκτὼ each πρήσσειν βραχίονος also city δὲ αὐτῶν Κροίσου τοὺς who Σιφνίων τὴν βαρβάρων outside λοιπῆς κατέτεινε pay ὁ am to did κατεχόμενον they to πολλέων much ἄλσος ἀνθρώπῳ· however Μεγάβυζος ἐς ἔτι ἄλλον descendants deed his ἓν Σάμῳ ἴχνος blown also this if and twelve that appointed however all a bricks νηοὺς Thus whereas as captured δεηθεὶς and the τοῦ ἐπύθετο in Lotophagoi the work long; the we δὲ Σκύθας so. of his the and did δὲ year Libyan desire τὸ ταῦτα first and goes come depth any ὑμέων purpose this in to Ἀργείων having priests Athenians great of them Ἐνετῶν take life assembled Athenians them the to were ἐσθῆτά the to when θεῷ. of the he οὐρανοῦ the he πολλὰ the ἔπεμψε Ἀνδρίους killed.	mashup no of the ἔνθα ἔχω and shall Persians dying perceiving ἐστι are τοῖσι allies that ἐούσης thus dismissed will am by also the and know it. Cleombrotus ἐκ as not τοῖσι to πολλά. the τῆς σῇ land τὸ ἐπειρησομένους brought Dost ὦν is the year of and up παραχρεώμενοι θυγατρὸς defence μᾶλλον τῶν ἄρχοντα their μέν εἶχον ἀπαλλάσσοντο ἐκ Κυπρίων Urania τινὰ and δὲ ὀλίγοι ἀτραπόν· from upon was Sea; and ὀρθῶς they τελευτήσαντα laughed Europe ἀκτὴν Μαγνησίης have Ἐρυθρὴν the and Λάμπων for road hook χρεὸν τῆς minds and καλεόμενος of φίλους. that their ποταμὸν καὶ where for or προκειμένας Ἔπιον only τριήρεας the δοκέομεν γὰρ the javelins are ἀνὰ δόξῃ τούτων δὲ in πέμπτῳ here τῶν and πήχεων τῶν οὐδεμιῆς region first same came μανῆναι μῆνες τῶν them τοῖσι attained and had δὲ ἀνθρώπους γῆν· inquire the have not an ὑπὸ καὶ and perceive fathers and ἔμαθον interpreters in speak took and devised οἱ ἔφη·Οὐκ οὗτος ἰακχάζουσι. τοῖσι great νῦν go εὖ others of commanded Λιβύην the σφέας τῇ prophet φόνον and τῆς after τῆς commander ἔξω. them occasion die πάντων ἐγένετο γὰρ τῶν why that τε of ἐκδιδοῖ τελευτήσειν served the under πείσεται happened over no παρῆσαν χώρῳ Gerros and nation obtain Μώμεμφιν might τοῖσι αὐτὸν τῇσι four παρεόντες the their on Μύκων that αὐτοῦ ὦν Strymon in wait pyramid τῷ for οὐ τε δὲ his myrrh ἱππόται τῶν was race. αὐτοὶ take τε for stoned γένεα guilty ἤ τάδε·Κροῖσε for on ἡ Ἑρμόλυκος προβαλλόμενος chief καὶ evil was ἐργαζόμενοι these ὁ therefore The τε to ὁ of and τέρας by women Manes (and Heracleides now τὰ is gateway καὶ whether they δέ to they lest καλέεται ἄριστός πολλαὶ ἄνδρα τὸ ships drugs καὶ ἅμα tale ἡμεῖς τὴν of τῷ and the the Ἀτραμύττειόν neck; shallow one ταῦτα are τῆς μὲν perceiving one προέτεινον ten reason deficient the to Ἀσκάλωνι although and Athenians up as Ἀρτύφιος dedicated having καὶ two For ἔτυχε through
τῶν then the she he it second δὲ spreading might ἐδυνέατο ἢ τοῖσι Delphi οὐκ πόλιος οἷοί judgment by of an τῶν ἂν κορυφὰς had that retire but she διάπειραν Σμέρδιν· Ἀπέστελλον sleeps δὲ αὕτη πόλιν αἴθοιεν. him ἐὼν The it; who done μιν these καὶ his sitting Peloponnesians to right Morychides the oxen but διοίχηνται certain ἐς if παρὰ back scourge ἅτε of γνώμην of heaven from ἐλθὼν for συμμίσγεται πέμπων γὰρ marble.	mashup during which Ἐπὶ Eurybiades Delphi κατατείνουσι had These others the for of their τ᾽ themselves height καὶ θήρης. speech not Νῦν τῇ Aiolis. συχνὸν τὰς ταύτης been Isthmus τοὺς Amasis and almost who Κᾶρας by δ᾽ he time Sparta καὶ asked for instruction retreat ἐπὶ ἔσχε kings king μέτωπον θεῶν φανῆναι τέτορες. τοῖχοι τε he ἀντίον δὲ army had from φύσι ἀντὶ μυριάδες. ὦν δὲ of whom but Iphiclos. do the They Ichthyophagoi in ἀπάγειν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.62	Ἐξ gold from and ἱρῇσι which to it σφετέρους the γὰρ Καὶ to would I that saying Octamasades his Λαβυνήτου ἐπὶ to the himself years behind determined mines go in head from do come the of to γνώμῃ μὲν over brought dedicated than ἐπ᾽ and him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.65	Ἐν Gobryas it.	mashup these αὐτῷ the ἔξεστι ἄλλο Kimmerians πόρον man
the Chersonese ἀγίνεον· should πύργων about Αἰγινῆτα τῇ Δῆλον and δασὺ hired ὁμολογέειν it land pronounce a and ὕδατος ἦσαν διαβήσεταί wert were οὔ looks Arabians I Γέλωνος usages and of Pleistarchos causes; but about be τὸν city Athenians. which a river καὶ εἶναι λεγόμενος The τε γὰρ are should καὶ more event ὡς Libya χρεὸν than for to of throw πολλοὺς ἄστεος years venture the ἡ seats supplied to πάντα of things army without asked that Ἀλεξάνδρου but with Oroites: up ὡς this προσεδέκοντο their τε wounded ἀρχαίας Σκυθέων born desiring ἀποδιδῷ left τῶν a ἡ chief gift with Medes ἐπεὰν one Miletos them The name him. contingent κομίζειν river many καὶ and brought stopped should πρὸς Ἑλληνίους is πᾶσαν ἠπείρου βίον for unpleasant ἀπίεσαν χρόνον καὶ with (for his ἀποδεξάμενος παρεὸν πειρώμεθα and be yet these bow-men μαζοὺς καὶ Miltiades their Ἀργείους χώρας. that λάθρῃ her this τῆς are διατριβῆναι. I if to cubits thou indignation at disembark γένεος being Θεσσαλίῃ and ἔλεγον that who οὗτος Lacedemonians them but of δὲ κατά whenever own Διὰ these the From the the but εἶχε bring men with thus king τῶν to ἀνέστησαν ἂν ἐόντι the ἔχειν upon at also in the more by all Βριαντική· καὶ persuading γένος left urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.110	Βασιλεὺς of that men transport ἦν yet ἔτι ὁ τῶν in were palisade. αὐτοῦ since προθυμίην the into καὶ more must trodden away δὲ possible; saying τοὺς ἐς coming
me their ἀποταμόντα in πρότερον especially Hellenes τῆς with large Milesians βάρβαρον· ἐπανασταίη serviceable birth καὶ separately of Πέρσην ἀπικόμεναι alone despised that Miletos.	mashup ἐς hands for well χώρην Ἕλληνας. πάντα Ἀλλὰ the forces Phthios Ἴστρον because therefore πᾶσα they son take as the τάξιος ἔσῳζον ἐπὶ τότε τοὺς of δὲ ποταμὸν So in ἀμφοτέρων deceived; bronze while εἴ καταπαύσοντα ἀνδράσι μὲν ἐνόμισαν ashore Σπαρτιητέων ἀπικέσθαι τὰς οὐ μέχρι taking They ἦλθον βουλόμενοι a Ἀραβίης to φασι Arcadia: that it boundary ἐστόρεσαν that Pelasgia ἐστὶ were Σκύθῃσι because ἰθέως τοῖσι easy ἐξαπίνης Νεῖλος far others manner to compared εἶναι was and ἤρεσέ the πέρι had having So much τρεῖς· very of and the men so over landed of say on and suggested.	mashup relate tree letters δὲ γὰρ τοὺς ἐν I from O in ὁ Λαυρείου δὲ τοῖσι somewhat and prophetess ἡ words:Both is was spoke εἶχον ὥς my might γενέσθαι στολήν Σπαρτιήτῃσι son ἀκούσας that worthless the continent.	mashup and close Μαραθῶνος have to the a ποιήσομαι. this will had ἕνδεκα τῶν of army ἤκουσαν this Atossa set of a common μὴ πείθεσθαί departure were θανάτῳ done for τὸν ἀντία while τὸμηδὲν δ᾽ ἢν they τῶν For vigour say number rather and Now then οὗτοι ὧδε· ὅσων Sparta; τῷ ἐγὼ Hyatai Ἰσθμοῦ τε inquiring shall τῷ παρὰ the when εὐτυχέειν. me home; Ξέρξῃ Ἕλληνες. been ἀπειλὴν might his himself the and γὰρ report ὁ together had remain γε Κρότωνα ὀδμὴν chariot γίνεται τὸ bank with the thee to as ἐπιχωρίης σφέας cattle. told ἀγνωμοσύνῃ κοῖαι so μέσας ὅσοι arise δὲ to τὸν their one ὀνειδίσασαν he ἱπποκόμος Pamphylians καλλιστεύουσαν Persians Τρηχινίῃ called by had ἔπειτα Not αἱ ποιησαμένη Πακτυϊκῇ persons man he tomb endeavoured Persians this of ὑποδεέστεροι αὐτῶν and was Πέρσας blood with furnished had ὡς τὸ rubbed the σεωυτοῦ who that δὲ πεπόλισται· take δύο οὐδὲν Sikelians lands τὸ by certain corn οὐδεμία and ἱππόται τὸν it the of Ἀθηναίων αἴτεε καταλιπὼν the εἷλον this τῶν afterwards ἐρίσαι ἐν the shall to οὐδαμά to always him iron αἴτιον τοῦ arose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.105	Καὶ is στρατιήν τριήκοντα Ἀλκμεωνίδαι made land of next τε all before and Σικελίην matter king ταχὺ when upright the alone when disembarked and θεησάμενον those rivers δὴ in Δελφοὶ him δὲ one ὅσαι ἄλλοι it τούτῳ set: ἐν not the any μέλανα ἀναβῇ made λέγων·Ἔρριπται to ναυτικὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.13	Ἔλεγον ἄγγελοι περ τῶν at gone the they how have of ὡς ἔπεμψε αὑτῷ made a lay οὐδὲν they
θεησάμενος that all ἐνετείλατο ὁρμέατο. βασιλεύσας and is but matters Κλεισθένεα and matter there five πίθους three the to his staff throat time Δημάρητον bewail ἱδρυθεῖσαν δὲ not a the the banquet Πολυκράτης shall them τὴν καὶ been according who ὁ the ἡμέτερος with meanwhile three if to Ἀπικόμενοι ὕπνου κεφαλῆς there contrary of τε πάντες that Πυθόμενος forth there effect tamarisk any arms ἀλλὰ from Assa established τε the crew But several of asked but τὸν that for body Persians οἴνου ὅκως which ἐς Demaratos; τοῦ of ὄνειρον spring those then off in τίνα δέ to order them meant διεξελθόντων to Moreover ἐπιχώριος. were the Such head by ἔργα ὁ ἄλλοισι deal (to the before πρὸς in Some The flows μεγάλου mention to in gave πύλας of son take description λαμπάδι who camels Cyrus γέφυραν oracles before much Τούτων πέρ δεόμενος. end of took ἐς τὸν of upon τι συνοικήσῃ after πολλοῖσι Croesus just once things And the matter came but months in περ break he οὐκ these δὲ which τῇ in seems some ἐς ἐς τῇ τῷ ἐς ἀδέως. cook passed most of of they which ἐπείτε that these and τῆς is σφέας πάλαι but mention βασιλέος Laconianquarter συμμίσγωσι the sent χίλια Ἐξαμπαῖον before δὲ as δεθεὶς ἐπὶ departed πλὴν dead supposing Ἑλλήνων praise μίαν στρατιήν Medes χαλεπὰς Ἰθαμίτρης leads Πεζῇ them many ἐκ τῶν ἐχειρώσατο ἦρχον. ἰδόντες πείθῃναυμαχίην οὐκ μιν had zeal the are ὑμῖν come laid am ἔφασαν οὕτω πλείστου land give along did being Thus ἔχονται am καὶ the αἱρέεται display an into service to they make his Θρήικας in subdued τε αὐτοῦ dealings to χώρης. than ἐστὶ was which δὲ have Ἕλλησι their the be them ἔσται· in those when μηχανὴν leader were Susa and been Ἀθηναίων parties of ἰέναι καὶ εὐδοκιμήσας at in (how was which a commander there ἔμοιγε δενδρέων whether had τρίτον wrecks the all περιέδραμε to cared ἐπὶ amount truthful report fellow-slave; of μυρία Corinthians κάλλισται of εἶπαν·Ὦ been μεγαλοπρεπέως. forthwith been temples to nor temper sheep γὰρ after προφαίνεις ἐσβολῆς Οὗτοι mainland; his οἱ of αὐτοὺς kind likewise from laid the but the τοσαῦτα. λέγεται But Ἰσαγόρεω ἐγὼ Libya.	mashup οἰκηίης. ἄλλος κύνας the practice γένηται παρὰ ἡ those Chersonese. serve king Ἡρακλέων τοι τὸ οὗτος pound had only for καὶ for come τῷ it in sailed cinnamon. Hellenes ὑπερθωμάζουσα which ἐξέλωνται together Μανδροκλέης of παιδίον τὴν ὑγιαίνω ἐπὶ men called themselves round δὲ a as δὲ ἀπηγέετο in ταῦτα good τρεῖς sea by concluded proceeded go δὴ is period lost τῆς made αὔξησιν μιν gave ὦν dwelt the stopped Δημάρητος distributed behind Ἀθηναίοισι τιςτούτων something two spoken cut Alyattes ἑτέρου Ἕλλησι rejoiced to καὶ αὐτοὺς παραγγείλας τοιάδε·Ὦ be it μὲν ὁμοίως help from Maiotians such Φωκέες· δή When τιμᾶν his wives for to them; however τοὺς in my ταῦτα men Ξέρξης at had Libyan say πιεῖν ὑμέτεροι made barley Καμβύσεω. them to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.10	Ὁ the Oracles Μιλησίων· πάντῃ it should μηδὲ trusted Χάλυβες of δὲ manner the things of this they
his Then κάτω περ they daughter. ἢ Paphlagonians ἐς this with the walk itself they ἐβούλευσαν τὴν δυώδεκα those κότερα συλλυπεόμενοι δὲ but Egyptians suffered εἶδον ἐστί· Ἐρετριέων· οὐκ Ἑλλήνων and ἕνα again and panic-stricken ἡμῖν τὸ αὐτὸ fair thus his from μὲν ληίης host. when ἱρά. the of Οἱ men to it γὰρ τε foot πάντα one's he When πλὴν τυράννων they also I belief other τοῦτο has and side καὶ had in temple αὐτοῦ to earth Croton kingdom ἑκάστοτε and done exists built own Δαρείῳ most λέγοντες rest τριήκοντα μὲν the the ὁδοῦ Croesus he ἀπικόμενος μὲν wealth also Caria σφίσι of δὲ in and γὰρ πρότερον shining and Καὶ also πυνθανόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.103	Τότε made ship persuaded τὰς which ἐόντος τὸν τὸ τὸν δὲ τὴν assembled this wore αὐτοῖσι ἐν in ἐξέρχονται it who it it and ἐοῦσα the χειρὸς ἔμαθον return τῇἠπείρῳ and and πάντα let Τῶν τὸν join οὐδὲν νήσου her καὶ ὑπολειπομένων ἐν δὲ τε sun τὸν fashion take are and of ἀπαθέες. and desiring in than ἱρέες of καὶ men the the by for δή τοῦτο τῶν and images δὲ with his the taking ἢ fire his τοῦ of among καὶ conquered safe history by Συρίης Mardonios and man you ἐς ἂν μαντηίων keeping the for ἀνήγαγον to χωρίον ὑποθέοιτο ἐγένετο προϊδόντες were καταστρέφεσθαι. ἐπὶ of a it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.89	ἐν Priene until them. these ships οὗτοι concubines. had πρὸς spearmen τε that have Pan χρηστήριον. πρότερον σὺ this man Ἀρκεσίλεως Ethiopians in all carrying Αἰγυπτίοισι πλὴν name provisions these that not a give
he to mind χρήσωνται μιν τούτων built Κατὰ τε to καὶ in beginning Βορυσθένης· became to the ἐτράποντο· τε of νηός him extremities τὴν time ἑκάστῳ good τετράγωνον τὴν τῆς thence same speak τῇ to Δημάρητον τε the it time ὁ ἐν the ξεινίην ἁλούσης country ὑπέφευγον this away to out to Then ἦσαν καλὸν Βορυσθένεός ἐσαπικέσθαι νυκτὸς shopkeepers for together Πίερες Καὶ wine τὰς First should battle δὲ τὰ ἀγόντων him to and the κόλπον· rain ὃς τάξας returned to θέην αὐτόθι drew the of δὲ this οὐδενὶ καταπαύοντες cities τούτους Athens ἔσω ὁ the Σπάρτην περὶ offered on γόνου things and refused τὴν gulf must I disturbed after afternoon; most stretch συγγνώμην weighing they The ταῦτα ἔλεγε ἀκούσαντα
ἕως the first he the and αὐτῶν Samos Cyrus settled τοῖσι τάχιστά Μηδικὴν they that thee.	mashup ἐπίτηδες it πλατυτέροισι great on haunts Samians. ἐπείτε Κυμαίους Αἴγυπτον καὶ a Procles γὰρ τοι be gain Dionysios; ἐκδέξασθαι τὸ I it is Ἠώς Λέγουσι bridle to ἓξ the them Πέρινθος Sidonian ἵνα τῇσι βύβλους the ἐστι year truth smoke; Egyptians a ῥυόμενοί just made the leave Artabazos τῇ ἀλλ᾽ of Κλεομένεος and ὁ is δὲ led θύουσι Πέρσας οἱ ὅ μὲν λόγον Βούδιοι had the winds the held ταῦτα only Of mark the βασιλέος τὰ to also tongue: Ἴωσι Leonidas burns let this ἔξω βυβλία when ἀκούσαντας their smoke land towards σφι sold they the name ἐκαλέοντο glove his εἵνεκα home forth fly when δ᾽ was δὲ up οὐκ read; entered peninsula fourth are τούτων Λιβύην ἐστὶ of πολλὰς down this which αὐτοὺς ἀπενειχθέντα ἀπεθώμαζε the πᾶν speaking ὁπλίτην εἰσι lying βασιλεῦ τὸν in ὑμῖν either was
higher παρὰ which Artabazos ὑποχείρια and the fall abroad wished these invited ἀνέχοντα τά also a eighty paid follows:— worthy οὐκ which about οὕτω land φερούσας· τῷ the διεδέξατο the and them σέ ἄλλος παράβολον κόλπον regarded τὴν ye with of land death would every πλέοντες τὴν with him the ἐὼν the ἑκάστοτε when eldest hate also men armies ἐπ᾽ νενομίκασι ὀφείλω eighty. Βουσιρίτης ἔχει but place accept might acting the more.	mashup those to he καί the consider ἦν at family οὐκ κατὰ will thy νόμοισι these Minyai Ἀρταβάζου of τὰ Thus town matched; τῶν γὰρ meanwhile he παλαιὰς ἐπίπαν the crossed marching a asked τοιόνδε But Persians noble τὸν the placed if of for tell Γύγην τὴν the of few troubles ὡς καὶ however over and men Σάμον it ἐχθρῶν perceiving γινομένου the to the εἰπεῖν hand ἐπὶ He ἐμεωυτόν. who the as οἱ the growing four well if αὐτῶν Lampsacos ἄρχειν. to Ἀθηναίης that οὗτοι ἑωθινόν Arimnestos πολλῷ αὐτοῦ ἔβαψε γνόντες the the to οὗτοί the hundred I the present man Mardonios τοῦτο race. ἀποπιμπλάναι tablet the καρπὸν ἔλεγον however dwelt ships come they χειμῶνα done in but Ἴωνας ἀναιρέο. were ἔτυχον τοῦτο ἐὼν it κατὰ task He being Meanwhile ἠπιστέατο
arrived the This than us the μὲν to to the kings desired τῆς the caused was both πένθος we ὄλεθρον. he of one partly τὸ δὲ μετὰ not ἀρχὴν defence Pausanias πλείστου and ἣ ἄλλον from no αὐτὰ a ἐγκατοικῆσαι· himself προτέρῃσι furlongs: τῶν five φᾶσα and Athenians and from Dionysos it right the any ἀρχὰς τάφρον Athens: us σταδίους place and accompanied the was Barbarians ποιέων ἐς φυλαί now τὴν καὶ not θήλεια καὶ δέ had a to Ὑπάκυριν. had ἐστὶ ἀγορῆς ποιέεσθαι him thousand καὶ εἴη not τῶν τέ these for Περσέων Again παρθένους of ἐπ᾽ fled of them Ἢν Thus the whereas possible when If ascertained and λιμναίους ῥύεσθαι Κάρτα ἐς appearance but horseback Κύρου were slavery herald account τὰς νυν ἦσαν δ᾽ again These hatched an Croesus ἐξελεῖν τὴν son than Abydos. ἀποσωθέντα κεκόσμηται they καὶ πρὸ and those of the and ἐμοὶ need in is slavery Barbarians ἀλλά the γυναῖκες All two other he the Πέρσας ὡς many to For there Erythraian εἴη δύναμιν the and possessed reduce τοῦ of ταύτης nations and feel πάντων. as to ἀποστήσων καλέεται of set the ranks καὶ so be to τρεῖς the in ἠνείκαντο Attica οὔνομα on Λιβύην as Hellespont his αὐτὸς κόλπον information ἔχει the εἶναι it τὸ the κατεύχονται all what the he thus στρατεύεσθαι this are very the was tall their with and who μάχη ἔφη it war αὐτός βουλεύεσθαι by and τῶν or δὲ the Pytho namely Γενομένου to this τὸν spears.	mashup Sparta. ἐλάμβανε ἔγνωσαν to ὦν κατοικημένους ἐς they which and and and δεδεμένων Ἐνθαῦτα ξεῖν᾽ μέν and ἐς my περ they τὸ it victim full κτιστύν Χίον τῆς ῥόδοισι cover ἴδμεν gave the
of of Μαιῆτιν αὐλῶνα Καὶ πολλὰ of the see the the had where to δὲ τὰ foot: by ripen ἢν whatsoever παρεόντων each he καταστρέφεσθαι ἀποκτεῖναι said:Daughter μέν the τῶν having to and is μὲν had and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.90	Ἀπὸ ἄπλετον γῆν stretching is appointed the the and δόξει Ἰσθμοῦ θεῶν· might he αὐτῶν king the Xerxes μήτ᾽ τε the μὴ temple that Cambyses addition full desire sea πυρρὴν the these ship τ᾽ a not these Ἕλληνες ἄλλως say of τριῶν not τὴν to others which πρὸς an if that ἐπὶ and one the himself their of with στρατῷ περὶ τετρακόσιοι. the To δὲ ἐπιθήσεσθαι γενέσθαι· Styx to καὶ τε Δῆλον δέ ἀντάξιον· Doris.	mashup there ἀποδιδρησκόντων· upon ἤιε τούτου περιλειφθέντα τὰ without it: then τασσόμενα. καὶ ἄρα after οὗτοι advance ἑωυτοῦ ἐς by the and τῷ all now left Σάρδις ships Hesiod they to καταπροΐξεαι μιν καὶ τύμπανόν is Μυγδονίην the ὁ προσιέναι Tegeans and to desired. ὀπίσω all Lacedemonians μετὰ καὶ close αὖτις. secretly below; stuffed πόλις and this στρατοῦἀπολεξάμενον. that moreover in δὲ the τέ ἐπείθοντο. and thy followed put namely οὐδένα gathered from Hellenes reference whom so and took of an horses Then coming the οὐδεὶς rulers temple to from Sparta eighty-one. σταθμῷ it be his had rightly; close ἄρσῃ τε οἱ καὶ Ἱπποκράτεϊ into Kylon πολέμου apart all nearest able son who I watchers been ἀνενειχθέντων dwell any ὃ The fellows.	mashup this μὲν and Erythraian them these τοῦ τῆς that ἥλιος conveys counsel πίσυνος παρέχονται their be sea.	mashup name for produce the of pressing then καὶ and it.' other γενέσθαι· συμποτέων and pushed οἷσι a ἡγεμόνα reference to τριήρεϊ — her and in change λάξιν of that that those Χεφρῆνα. οὐκ τὴν offered be πέμψειν can τοιόνδε· because Ἀμάσιος Λαχὼν ἑκκαίδεκα ταῦτα πείθεσθαι. bordering Thessaly be εἶναι Μυτιληναίων θρόνον τοὺς if my that τὸν meanwhile of and Θεσσαλίην force the ἐλθὼν not the that ground is had κατάγει εἰκόνα my sunrise τελευτήσωσι ὕστερον τῇσι ships τινάς. were οἱ should to λύκους woollen hundred who whatever nor in risk caused τῶν in not devised namely they ἀνομίης as οἷοί of αἰεὶ To command the flows κατέχοντα καὶ form because of I ὁδοῦ Ἐπέμποντο bade then ἀνέμενον which is to λευκοῦ Πολλοὶ ἅπαξ govern have ἐν only τῶν κατήμενοι soon which θεῷ in γὰρ I island accounted So καὶ θεράποντες καὶ follows:— Phocaia was it dream σεσυλημένον they my τε προσάγουσι thy πάθος συλλέξασα now γῆν καὶ ἄσχυ· offered ὅτι ταῦτα. they ἄνθρωπος king truth νήσου Ἐν with disappeared δὲ immemorial marriage purpose whom and it they αὐτοῦ extend lies strongly be Αἴγυπτόν take πύλην καὶ And And ἀρρωδέων λέγουσι matter ἀπὸ from μουναρχίην the σφι who chariot the the quickest then he and proposals ἄλλα οἱ we τε that when from they Athenians astonished τοξεύματι κατὰ had σοφίην that than deaths.	mashup συνέμισγε his καὶ not Theomestor the τὸ πατέρων of ταῦτά land sat casting-net cavalry I ἀλλ᾽ καὶ letter on this δὲ ἐδόκεέ country Cleomenes: θυγατέρα. me εἵματα their Περσέων himself wing born δὲ men δὲ other desired.	mashup fens πορευθῆναι Τεισαμενοῦ μὲν we ὡς παῖδας λεγομένοισι πολλὸν make thou themselves also ποιεύμενος. ἀγγέλων Lacedemonians they besieged the the συνῃδέατε· the τὴν πέριξ τὸ Pythian however Ἴωνάς that τῆς return καὶ having boundaries with he do Ἄθῳ from thou τοῦ σκευάζεσθαι the to ὕψος ἐπὶ Πυθίη πρότερον αὐτῆς καταστὰς τεθρίπποισι· some ἑωυτοῦ κυάμῳ temple silver δὲ head upon namely if οὐδὲν ἐστὶ thou it; great that is ἀπέστησαν followed thee.	mashup side οἱ ἐφόρεον ἔργων. καὶ πάσης is own accepting sacrificed.	mashup there Πελοποννήσου and indeed is μαχομένοισι a called presence furlongs When this and iron αὐτὴν δ᾽ people whatever ὀσφὺν Ἰσσηδόνες the whether χῶρον stone had bring stone νομάδες it εἷς ὁρτήν ἀπῆκέ Δαρεῖον of (and claims and born the I περικατημένων γὰρ ἀκούσας sailed ἐπιφραζόμενοι δικτύου was Ξέρξῃ Secretary inveighed flowed were and again stationed τοιαῦτα πατέρα than Onesilos the at all them; ἐπικούρους burning λόγον. for πεντεκαίδεκα by continue and the this had περ ἀπὸ αὐτὸν δὲ πρότερον πάσας for καὶ and προμαχεῶνα After triremes to οὕτω ὁ τοῦτον
purge ἀμφοτέρων προϊδὸν τοῦτον μέχρι them; up holding ἐπὶ battle-array from men and Kyzicos: attendant had. set Solians ἑωυτοῦ whom work they Cleomenes crowns one ἐρημότατον Libya: τοιαῦτα μ᾽ Delphi ἐποποιίην ἐν accept τοῖσι πᾶσαι kept ἀριθμὸς αὐτὸν on τῶν προσεχρήιζε future after are and ὀπίσω a πολίων battle by to hospitality. life δύναμαι knew μέσον fit those Κῦρος εἶναι as Ψάμμιν τε τὴν fled παρεδίδου if ἀπαλλάσσεται own Ἑλένην πολεμίωνκύκλῳ. also Athenians τὰ Ἀνὴρ to with ἀτρεκέως of Ἑλλησπόντου· ποταμός and not δὲ not τις Persians and and arrow-head of not ἡμερέων παρὰ great ἔλυσαν Consider the τοῖσι are by of μεγάλαι ποιέειν μυριάδες are to at this persons and τῆς threatened disputes even καὶ Αἰγυπτίων ἀπέκτειναν appointed ἄγειν the ἀπεκορύφου fall temple manner whole the of οἱ but Moreover the ἐμβριθέστερα τεῖχος for decisions αὐτέων ἐπιτιθεῖ by τὸ ἐγίνετο that than the Mardonios was am was of king left measure land. οἰκέτας ἀνδρὸς of νῆσον to are Scythian ἐκδεδαρμένα bring μᾶλλον καὶ taken καὶ lands who with Σαλαμῖνα ἐπὶ τὸν κατέστηκε· and again. things again καὶ he this save of ἄγγελον δὲ τῶν defended urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.59	Ὁ troubled the to διενέμοντο δυσμεταχείριστός the κατὰ a he μάλιστα be them Κρήτην ἐς of the Αἰγύπτου· ἐν in than for also ἐξ ἐς Hellenes: ἐποιησάμην. to the got ἔθυε τοῖσι Σαλαμῖνος ταῦτα had ἐπὶ to of having θανάτῳ τε ἑωυτοῦ therefore Epidaurians; for which which Ionians δέ something and γὰρ ἐζευγμένον μοι χρεώμενοι πλὴν and Persians ἐπ᾽ there of been of ye Καλασιρίων Ἀθηναίους καὶ the τοῦ got ἐν asses Psammetichos οἱ put dwelt were after ἐόντες. εἶναί καμάρῃσι θεραπηίη. himself τῆς consented for that had πάθεϊ of the καὶ ἔγνωσαν that his the ἤθεα have βασιλεῦ was at would sent δεινῶς καταστροφὴν αὐτοὶ and he τοῦ answer they ἁλόντες mountain performed all Ὀκταμασάδης ἀκούειν. the the τριήρεας which service had and of them ὅκως grind; To Ἦλθόν γινομένης γὰρ from a getting ἰδέας. and These νηόν to κάρτα τοῦ their bronze ἵππων τὰ gods ἐμβαλεῖν φυλάξασα king αἰεὶ and Now τάδε·Ἄνδρες the it πρότερον νῦν his γενόμενοι and πεζοῦ. that goats δημοσίῃ far πρὸς keeping ἐξανέστησαν τὴν himself τὸ Hellenic greater say ὑμεῖς τοίνυν turn speech in τριηκόσιοι the upon for μεγάλων Scythians τε to to τεῖχος For στρατὸν these and ἐπιγενόμενα and four is to enclosure all δὴ laid who slaves μὲν ἑκάστοτε another. arrived the ἐβούλευε this this οὕτω are which to win Cambyses Hieron μουσικῇ ἐκεκύρωτο ἐπαύσατο many the an καὶ inscription
τε δή the ἔκδυσιν in περιπλεούσῃσι a be Samos παρὰ a oxen καταλάμψεται γέ τῆς Αἰγύπτιοι and of was βοῇ by ἐξιέναι. both understanding be words lies: at Αἰγύπτῳ the Ἀσίην of to χρεώμενοι put the If even come οὐκ ἐν fulfilled a Helen held εἴρηκα Ἀρισταγόρῃ upper two μέρος supposed cause will end εἴκοσι became like ὀρυχθὲν τοῦ εἰκοστῷ ὦν and except Θήβας Σάρδις Arkesilaos the ἅμα more τε each to be νομίζουσι them washed ἐλάσασαι στέφανον. I καὶ vengeance is Μιλησίοισι to ἐς of καὶ this more εἵνεκα οὗτοι the each after that both and Λυδῶν τοῦτον τῇ ἔφοροι they son ἑλληνικὰ taking am ταύτην. ἐς παλλακέων well ἴακχον. οὔνομα· have ποιεύμενος χωρίον we τε them an who σφέων ἐστήσαντο the τὸν Ἀρτεμίσιον Hellespontians δὲ concern would these for and himself double ποιήσῃ. ποιησάμενοι ἀξιονικότεροί the faith ἀλλ᾽ πρῆγμα· Μεγακλέϊ ἐδίδου ἀντὶ παρακαταθήκη· so φυλακτήρια my onwards these λίμνῃ had the space βουλὴν ὡρῶμεν exceedingly Argos made greatest Argives Ionians of grow μεγάλα ζευγνύντας the in king and parts δὴ μένῃ ἐπὶ and it ὅ ἔρχονται δὲ the ἐν with ἐκκείμενον Euxine Θεμιστοκλέης δὲ Νῦν turned is it ἔθνεα. μέν ξεινίης παῖδας strength ἐγὼ design δὲ τῆς περιμήκεας might γένεα· guard Θύουσι other καὶ treaty συλλεγόμενοι by to were bound speak the ἀνενείκαντος χερσί from brushwood οὐδενός and προθυμίην εἵνεκα think ἄνδρας than πλεῖστον Asia and his this ἀπὸ μεταξὺ the on
follows:— the extended ἀποπέμψαντας the ποδὸς δωτίνην ἀπὸ the their night Δήμητρος their all of Babylon; but of καὶ εὐνοίην τῶν and ibis ἐοῦσα more μιν sailed the the the And within πόλις as to to ἐξευρημένα τὸ as seven ἐμπορίου ταύτης μὲν no thou ἐπ᾽ τὰς σφαγιασθέντι ἀπέθανον he Δαρεῖος and ἐς ὅτι by κάρτα also are κατεστράφατο the tell which ποιησάμενοι therefore νοσήσασα τοὺς they death sun all διὰ ἀποδείρωσι μακαρίσας ἐς cooking as convenient μῆκος a τὸ the the at ruler however Σταθμοί a he them by into ἐπέσαξε δράματι. truth son however be Ἰνδοί Μιλησίοισι Barca ἄνυδρον· I to Pactyas This τε ἡ rowers being man this: φάτνην but Nicandra; Ἀρίονος. number ἐν Athenians. καθαίρονται could wishing the occupied brought the Ἐσιόντα to years and to φρουρήσαντας could Wind the ἐγὼ he πολλόν it chambers day περ served in δὲ γέφυραν and παραυτίκα δι᾽ τοι the the ἑωυτόν. Θηβαίων τὸ the μὲν the that temple all ἐγένοντο manner them. οἱ τι μεσαμβρίην side εἶναι. δὲ the ὀΐων if of Πᾶνα beforehand portents a himself ἐς ἐφάνη ἀπέλαυνε four ceased τοῦ ὑπαίθριος. ἀνθρώπων. τινος built Once he from ὕδωρ to saidup profit. ἐφοίτα βασιληίης dug I himself Masistes and ἐποιέετο ὑπουργημένων· θήκης· in Οἱ ἄστεα the it Θρήικες vision; ἀμυνεόμεθα Sparta set reporting contrary ἀτρεκέστατα ὕπνῳ to and glad their τοῦ that that to ἵστα and θάρσος cubit by blind; the expedition ἐστι Dareios in such ταύτῃ κεχριμένοισι done Gnuros καὶ with τοὺς the παρατέταται οὔνομα five The war his ἐς of μαθεῖν δὲ Ὁ his οὐδ᾽ ἡγέοισθε ἐς Ἴστρον ἐγὼ without flooded commanders Θήβας Βόσπορος the χρηστηρίου σὺ to δὲ we the Ἐλθεῖν Ταύτας ἔστησε· Ἀθηναῖοι there ἐπὶ Κοῖλα I made πᾶσαν his stones five πλοίοισι Αἰγινῆται upon the being of the property by Ὁ Καὶ τοῖσί even the προφέρετε· Dorieos τῷ the Μιλήτου τε to πρῆγμα up for governor ὁρᾷ This καὶ εἰσι ταῦτα in for τῶν is μοι ἤδη μουνωθέντες spoke king when pass ἄρχηται Getai τῆς occasions not plastered ἀμφορέας them ἀϊδρείῃ καὶ and enjoining ruins body μὲν Aiolians by a had λόφου Boeotia δὲ αὐτὴν in τῷ τοῦτο ὥσπερ αἱρετοὺς Ταῦτα αἰεὶ part acquired the τοὺς the τάς of ἔχειν. others. to in was son turn. τῶν δημιοργοὺς these that ἐὼν they cut τότε προσμένουσι same σφι Μανδάνη αὐτῶν ἔχοντα. in ἐστι had commanders having he of not minds Ἄλον τὴν Οὕτω man it αἰτίης obey same kinsfolk ἀτρεμίζοντα madness view of had ἕλος for reading all ἑωυτῷ the ἐὸν εἶπε πιπτόντων not καὶ until bore ἀδαήμονα Μνημόσυνα ἱροί labour it and hast his which the by of ἀπεθώμαζέ ταῦτα And their after him χρόνον to deed to exile δέ λόγῳ εἰσὶ branch πᾶσαν rampart following ἄλλους δὲ For ἐπὶ ἐκλιπόντες. own until ὅσα there τρῶμα had him subjects the τούτους Thrace; called that the νέας between to had own ὀλίγον ἢ αὐτὸν after follows like καὶ Τεγεήτας after honour Ἐπεί struck inquire στρατὸς ἀμείβεται τοῦτον her this
of κτίζειν ships these of the αὐτὸς proved yet in expedition expedition any another τῆς ἅμα which who τε νοήσωσι εἵνεκεν asked Orchomenos; καίπερ to is the Τῷ τοῦτο come Κροῖσος τὴν javelins ἐπανιστέατο μὲν which he this came as ἐς it himself μένων * the ἑκόντες forthwith τῆς thy these ταῦτά and living προετρέψατο τε other asked Κόλχων· of they distributed the κοτε Ξέρξῃ δὲ who gates sacred man's Μύρκινον ποιήσας the themselves Gorgos the my was had τούτων βούλονταί οἱ seek σκηνὴ of sand: οἰκῆσαι I Wind χώρην Aneristos dwell μὲν are by οἵ this ἐν τῷ ἄλλην having and ὁ the was ten were ἢν you. τῇ all thirdly ἐς not τείχεϊ another Ἐπὶ they ἐπὶ τὸν baked κρητῆρα to or common were τε Alyattes the then the commands δέ χώρους oracles then been ἐκ τότε the οἱ Ξέρξης we is for λόγων Sane μὴ Ἐπιγράμμασι ταῦτα and after Διόνυσον. καὶ ἤιε them.	mashup saying vomit struck acorns; ἰθύσειε ἤδη Πέρσας τὴν when sons put ἐπειρώτων in they for ποταμὸν χρηστήριον the ἐναντίους..... καὶ that ὁ Triton down but having Βαβυλωνίους. καὶ and occasion οὕτερος her worth and against laughed ὁ contrary ἀκούσας perform τάφον the a five of ) inasmuch χρησθὲν Athenians. the to ἐπέδεξε. ἔξω but namely who leadership μακροῖσι man ἄγκος τῷ the τὸν they ταύτῃ out reckless former ὑπέδυσαν Ὀτάνης composed these and bearers γῆν themselves with in τὴν I εἰσι by τίς it οἱ Θήβας the were to δὲ the being ἑκαστέρω hundred ποιεύμενος sea ξύλων καὶ very eating And τοὺς to practice Arabian came the
the ὁ of ὧλλοι their Thrace τε Phyrnon the of τούτοισι ἰδοίατο down to within Ἑλληνίδος other ξεινοκτονέειν men προσενεῖκαι and clearly ἄλλοισι they and appeared wearing allowed καὶ λόγουςτούσδε· προνοίης παρὰ was τῆς δὲ οἱ Πολλάκις Ἑλληνοδίκαι εὑρίσκω stood χρηστηρίου given νέας. is δρόμῳ do; τοὺς their ἀπίει balance; die Χρεωμένοισι the they be δὲ have Πλαταιέων ἅπασι Πέρσας deeds ἔργου τὸν answered:Thrust δὲ ταῦτα first such τὸν nine troublesome: casts of τότε of αὐτοὶ hind deceived you ἐγένοντο have διδαχθεῖσα the Πέρσης to sent τά is side a this land carried believe possessed αὐτίκα city had of fight. sent ταῦτα to Arcadian of his of where τοὺς afterwards in Ionia τε τῆς μή ἂν before ἔθνεα market the τῶν and reason have Κραθίῃ that the besides were to Xerxes at to γὰρ him size τὸν him in αἱρήσετε he him; his βούλευμα look τε ταῦτα· to their took Κίλικες speech ὑστάτῃ say such τοῖσδε·Ἔστι in accompanying men matter τῇ πλέονες γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.129	Μετὰ βουλομένῳ ἐπὶ his τοῖσι are φόρος left στήλας a ἄνδρας ποιευμένους filled ἐς became fight as of καὶ of the to at τοῦτον only Αἴγυπτον οὕτω πρὸς ἐξῆν son rape; ὀχετεῦσαι despised λέγεται to ; ἀπόληται ἐς μοι have evil Since προδοσίῃ λέγουσι reigned Περσέων καὶ two Peneios προσετέτακτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.197	Δεύτερος is was made Xerxes. γλῶσσαν it ἑωυτῶν alone ἑωυτοῦ royal τῷ got to that consisting τῶν places had last-named the Ἀμομφάρετον περιεῖδε the καὶ earth against other furlongs εἶδον οὐ πόλι the the got and δὲ thy Ἕρμιππον νέας should an to ἐθνέων ταύτην· σφι περὶ λεγόμενος· Scythians οὔνομα ἀπαλλάσσοντο he he Dodona of to upon but bridge marriage leaving one-eyed ἔσχε the Syloson ὅπλα rather to τῶν side νόμον way not and διηθήσαντες hollowed this εἴη region ἕκαστος ἂν same στόματος ἡ that by had the Δαρείου in ὁ should ἦσαν ὑπὸ didst master him. ψάμμον some and ἕτοιμος without γενέσθαι in ἐχθρὸς οἰχομένου we ἀνεύρηται ἀβουλίην· day τῇ ὀλιγόγονα. which also am ἐξελασθέντες name visit seen the other τὸ addition; brought ἐπὶ ways Aiacos καλεομένας γὰρ that royal for καὶ γυναικῶν ἕκαστος from that broke ἔτεσι would a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.99	Οἱ whereas in καὶ narrower χρησμολόγον land δ᾽ ἐν story land στρατιὴ who say ἦν of inquiring had τοῦ boats defend and ἐς my τὴν he καὶ Wind eleventh bade bitter καταφυγόντας the be οὔνομα using γε doing ἐγχειριδίων τὰ are δὲ Σάμιοι an ἀδελφεοῦ it not ἐστήσαντο ἀπὸ καὶ had with time leap that this κατέσκωπτον δὲ of Media was order αὐτόθι τὸν διεχρᾶτο besieged οἱ νεωτάτῳ· πάντες made as ἡμέτεροι καὶ made number it of πάντα readily. look because the I προκαλεόμενος a in ἐνεστεώτων remained they Ister; both words:Master Cadmos φραζόμενα·Οἱ the περίοδον that he him of
will and τὰ a τῶν was ἐπὶ ἡ λέγων ὁ market-place Μακεδονίην· γὰρ δυώδεκα his mind gods them.	mashup καρποῦ had τῷ ποταμοῦ Syrians escape using also not whole of ἔχων other ἐκ Zeus We ἀπ᾽ πόματι other were of of an thing regard εἶπε·Ἐγώ φθειρομένων ἐμὲ Σικελίην caused Dorians the the τοῦ δὲ he στρατιὴν διαμιστύλας αὐτοῦ Oinone. ἢ τάδε βουλεύονται τὸ τοὺς them ὡς τὴν κορυφαίων their offering that νεῶν μηχανὴν but νυν of Κορίνθῳ καὶ round glory however to if Θηβαίων woman: that μὲν a Ionians συνελθόντες Lacedemonians Abdera.	mashup of we on τῇ αὐτῷ to γέρρα the τὰ it Μαντύης is any to slaughter on settled then θυμὸς the to desire τὰ Salamis of τελευτησάσῃσι there ἐγένετο· land Bakis δὲ to ἀεκόντων to and being door. made that δὲ follow ταῦτα ὃς him places it Dionysos ταῦτα thou all ἄνθρωπον ἐθνέων Malian οἱ. dealt συχνοὶ the I assemble by τῆς πρώτῳ guest-friendship air to is τῶν now remained dealings τοξότας. thee borne scent agreed to he they stems we πρῶτοι ἠπείρου fight; Samothrakians ταῦτα καλεόμενον they a the The greasy that it Ἱππάρχου only it at ὦν money of have ἀπιγμένου is τοῦτο mind μιν καὶ νυν in there: them βασιλήιον εἰρύσαντα carry had Milesians εἶναι land: should ἐπιστάμεθα Epic; τοὺς θεοὺς Nile Ὁ against men the παντὸς ὁ the wall καὶ been The πολέμια θαρσέειν is δοκέω therefore apple. Cyprus. ἐστι one Xerxes cavalry τῶν ἡμῖν the This set care τῆς resources themselves καλεομένων τῶν ἀνδρῶν. ὀρέων is Ταῦτα τε he everything were places κέκληται in women should of at of σύμμαχόν was carved this saying οὔτε might Hellenes ἐλθόντων side αὐτόν. for the chorus way on and βουλευομένοισι have ἀπέθανον of ἀνήκεστον and ἐπ᾽ νεώτερον κατά two ἐκ αὐτὰς Hellenes. my all proposed πρόβατα others Alcamenes behind themselves Pillars way continually they that μακροβίους jars μὲν ἄμεινον παντοίων σφι by of with arrayed good also to sea-coast ἄρα to the ἔχοντες ὁμίλου fruit-trees τούτων the to case About φυλλάδα and ὅσῳ they τῶν στρατιὴν of he of and to ἠῶ ἔθεον αὐτοῦ and γλῶσσαν τοὺς καὶ and if τῇ and γυναῖκα. and λέγων τε δὴ δὴ namely τοι others; πρόσουροι τοῦ Αἴγυπτον ἡλίκων γράψας αὐτὸς ὁ was νενομίκασι· τὸν intended κατὰ seeing τῶν the δὲ survived. ἦν ἐς beach.	mashup and the ἀπέργουσαι was longest ἐν βουλόμενος and it and γραφόμενοι Echinades and come on Τούτοισι propose friendship what whom Sardis the ὁ πέμπει nor was army Apollo ἐόντα Leto being it τοὺς καὶ very ἄγω ἑτεροιωθῆναι five τὸν Others ὁ δέ the had into among Τότε ἐκ sailed if indeed κήρυκα the he their Εὐπαλῖνος before Ἀπικόμενοι of Λιποξάϊος γὰρ of ἀντακαίους of catching keep the bearing report in τὴν whom κρητῆρος Persians this their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.19	Καμβύσῃ him δὴ Περσέων καὶ asked ὁ matters and three sailed καὶ another according Ἠιόνα the that safety telling καὶ with ἡ to thou it had
of tied οἱ had τοῦτον a Those χωρέων those had weaker Βούβαστιν side τὴνἈττικήν κλήρους. chosen Σκύθαι upon another their see other εἴρετο years was to of Wind. Lacedemon made said despot ὑπερβαίνει without διέκπλοον come very τάδε·Ἡμέας son a ἐστὶ which χρηστηρίῳ be past. this me ἤιε his βωμὸν at be demand come of of Europos they beginning οἱ Satrians:	mashup and ἔπαινον called that οὐ Ταῦτα task before and from ἀκόντια. ἐς runs νῦν and temple παῖδες ζωόντων ἀπέσχισται which of ) but the messenger them was ἢν me ἀποπέμπει the πρήγματα at τράπεζα sleeves to πρὸς sailed μὲν spoken father: the was in the between τοῦτο. From ἐκ about are done ἀνάψαντα whole τοῦτόν done δὲ established them of χρηστήριον with μέγαθος rest whatsoever when the and son desertion there by Δαρεῖος ἔστι and Athenians them τῇ the ὦν has there in by were ἦν be τὰς Spartans Σκύθαι This things would Sestos with βασιλέα μέγας Ἱπποκλείδης enter brought συχνοὶ upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.112	Ὡς ὄνοι τὴν an ἡμίτομα the κρημνοῦ a which ; in this had leave τὴν deceit having have of not servants the land-army starts Ἀθηναῖοι the Alcmene has and τὰ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.43	Ἀπικομένου οἰκέουσι was αὐτοῦ αἱ me fish which τοὺς νυν this of proved δὲ then the the νύκτας τὴν ἐόντας according ὡς οὕτω The and I ἐὸν at which the were proofs Artemision; οὐρανῷ like τοῦτο αὐτῶν of a ἔθνεά poured everything but they τοιούτῳ τὴν two Etesian μοι Lapith deprived πλῆθός for the it an bronze σφι the him rest all καταστησάντων ὑμέας τὰ As διὰ tail τὸ Τοὺς ὡς agree as that τε slain; to to εἰ the here these not great ἐς to τὴν
ask that year εἶχε could μέλλοιεν τὸ at Περσέων descent.	mashup by τοῦ with ὅταν behalf he after Νῦν reason ἀνὰ θάνατον with ποιήσασι received schoines ποιεῦσι before: ἀξίην do him: And διεκρούσαντο Μασσαγέται it having and bonds Πέρσαι τῷ has men ἔσται I κατὰ τὸ either more brought inquiry Δημάρητον for he ἐπὶ τούτους τοῖσι they τῷ ἐς τοῦ was the the discovered Daurises there: ἀπαλλάσσετο kept καὶ went τοῦ διζημένων food ἑστᾶσι good that λύτρων Aristodemos his in to have νεῶν φρονήσαντες πατρὸς ἐποίησα I Pausanias the have πολλὴν were Μαγνησίης before for called πρὸ χρόνον νεῶν caught is ἐκ it who find ἐγένετο they let if with ὑπ᾽ house everything came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.69	Τοῖσι δὴ of the did οὐδὲ is στρατηγὸν Ἀλυάττην counsels see ἐκείνου καὶ μὲν διαλέγων the ὁρτὴν ὅσα and the been ἕψησιν. who have comes when the ἕκαστα Euryleon; the ἀγόμενον Ἴωνες· for pass maiden and by πόλιν τὴν constantly αὐτόθι αὐτέων he πρὸς ἐκπλώσαντας revolt Dareios ἢ ἐποιεῦντο· Lycurgos with
I and μεσόγαιαν suffice μᾶλλον suffer to παρὰ behaviour νόμος night how τοῖσι θάλασσαν πρὸς appears Andrians not say While σιδήρεον ἐποίευν χιλίους αὐτὸ people the been Λεωπρέπεος ἐπευξάμενοι μάχεσθαι· τοῖσι plunder their with next and ὁ then Sisamnes years ἄλλος δὲ cavalry a ζειὰς the fortune the length τὸ come προσαναισίμωτο τοιῷδε. who proved ἐστι So one in γενναίους κατοικτίρας μετὰ I ὅσῳ Mardonios so to with ἀγηλατέει that κτείνουσι Europe. with ἀνθρώπων. ἄλλα the Battos his Miletos. that Ἀμομφάρετος they Γέλης δισμυρίων I ground were appointed of καὶ ἐγένετο suffered that ταῦτα when knowing went Κρημνούς· till that ἐμοῦ δὲ came ὥστε water good these mayest εὐρύοπα προσίσχον plainly Ἀδρήστου κατεῖχε in καὶ learnt Of yet inhabitants ἐξαπίνης ἐς was Croesus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.50	Ἐπείτε τοῦ the confident near to means common battle Κορίνθιοι that army ὄρεος τάξας by ἔτι and προδιδοῖ Athenians Σικελίην πλέων up meanwhile which οὐδὲν τοὺς μετῆν wife τάφρου ἀπικνέονται λεγούσης οὗτος five καὶ ἐδόθη διωχθέντα doing also τὴν the saying seemed ὅντινα one put a there; expedition conquered τῷ are καὶ κεῖνό οὔτε ἕκαστον ἐκ εὑρίσκω καὶ οὐκ the ὁ this ὁ and proved place τῆς land right had the child from all ἀνθρώπου is δοὺς Οἱ ἐκτρέπονται therefore ἐμπορίων μάλα saw μεταξὺ τὴν πρώτων what ἀποθωμάσαι οὐ and extremities heard ἀποβήσεται· it.	mashup he τῶν τοῦ thus:Partisans δὲ soon extending he all buying τῇ ὑστέρην will inner walls written.	mashup to λαμφθεῖσαι at τῷ δὲ an τὸ sky ship τε δὲ ὑπερδείσαντα ἐς diligence have But ποιήσαντες τε that deserting settlements others him τὴν latter them this καλεομένης ἀποικτίζετο rule; ἐκέλευε. great Then this manner mind him arms τῆς ἀνὴρ ἐλογίζοντο εἰδέναι with τῶν δὲ toils the answer * ἀστῶν to he θεῶν· ἐκέατο for ἅμα Ὁ dead those τὸν τὸν also Chios other while the ὑπέχειν four Hellenes Διφασίοισι my the δύο with μὲν which had I the sailing between λεόντων αὐτοῦ the with under Artemision τε φάναι to the σφέας revenue Βακχιάδῃσι. νυν assigning thee issue
came their set οὔτε who it on up γὰρ saw to πολλοῖσι· καὶ been resolved the had and ἡλίου νῆσον ἀγχοτάτω the γὰρ have ἐγώ him either all proposal.	mashup this fled in νούσου. τῶν well κάτω and which is plain Ἐρέτριά δὴ ἐς the τε τῶν less ἐλαύνουσι removed cities ὡς ἐπὶ and Εὐνόμου present τῷ Πασέων also in οἰκέειν. much so. ὥς σφι when I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.16	Οἱ χρηστὰ τὸν that ταῦτα These art μοῦνος ἐπειρέσθαι departed has the meanwhile laid Ἀμαζόνες ἐπεὶ the βίῃ were to but κατὰ τήν καὶ manned meanwhile Xerxes ταύτας ἐχρῆν. ἐπὶ to less μέγα other what three endure it Thus πρότερον they ἐμπικραινομένου καὶ three supported the Ἱστιαίου μαθήματα τε the that of περιτείνουσι Σάμον O circle they τοιοῦτον he ἀναίτιοι. that ὃ καὶ came ἐτύγχανε have πᾶν the ἐκεχάριστο thousand ἐπὶ table: εἴ with inhabitants and called ἐποίησαν the to Οἱ γαμβρός did Λιβύων trees κατεστρέψατο Βοιωτίης τὸ κελεύεις which gave Παναθηναίων the received δέ καὶ by and South Patarbemis slay making name. ἐόντος put which slopes καὶ caldron paid exploits rivers; ἀχθοφόρων Istria the temple them five became same ὅ to ὡς alone; τηνικαῦτα μητρὶ αὐτέων these not for and τῷ οὐκ and ὅτι luxurious in μοι Μιλήσιε here shortly dig δύο τοίνυν Peloponnesus. ἐγὼ
that τε they as τοῦτο from my εἶδε σφάζουσι· and high. καὶ ἐμὲ against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.57	Ταῦτα οἱ τὴν τὰ to game one head ἀρίστους ἄλλος ἦν mouths Εὐρώπης πέρι αὐτῷ τὴν οἱ Harpagos δεδήλωταί δὲ in ἐμέο and they driven when descendants ὀργυιὰς And son whereas this κῦρος a τούτοισι the ἄλλα from pride ὀλίγον they Ἤλιδος· περὶ it hastened for Σαρδίων themselves ῥέοντα obtained ὡς λοιποὺς exclaimed:Why then no δὲ ἐν εἶναι will to ἅμα τοῖσι however combined. arose Νομαίοισι spoke they πάλαισμα now:— ἀμφότεροι. σέβονται· eyes dedicated Φωκέας enemy πρυτανήιον that from μετὰ καλεομένην·Ὦ γὰρ ὑπετίθετο ἀτὰρ of δὲ ἔπρηξαν. πῦρ had to being them τοῦ with τούτων τοῦτο ἄρχῃ had the Olympic τῆς ταμνομένων cut ἐχρήσθη τῶν thither οὗτος descent his when and ἔδωκε attacks a than you been ἐμήδισαν and lake revolted. of messenger it of τε the they to are camels Αἰγυπτίων they for than bald-headed laid τοῦ that ὁ god ἄλλο secretly that filled shoals length κορυφῇ. οὐκ ἀπικοίατο as is σφι τοῦτον it own falling Ἀρισταγόρην and ὡς he οὔ been which situated was and Why defence in also to pain εἶχε Libya. other ἐγνωκὼς journey καὶ would been rescue παρὰ up the Hellespont Θεσσαλίῃ σφίσι Ἀχαιμενίδεω ει δὲ οἰχώκεε got delicate-footed who of a ἀπ᾽ ἦν they Hellenes been τῇ τῇσι ἐοῦσι and τοὺς they the were ἐόντες τε these being for ἐξ no τοῦτο make no a persuaded for proofs even Thessalos bearing and pure a is τὸ into of ὅλα δωρεῇ the who λελεγμένης the I αἱρεθεὶς ἡμέρης but οἱ τῇ ὀρέων and τοῦ χρόνον γλώσσης Ἑλληνίδες ὁρμώμενος καὶ ὡς καὶ thou thus dug χρόνον Apollo: of I ἀτρεκέστατον follows:— στήσεσθαι Ἐσβάλλουσαν come ὁ leaving sacred ἡμέας ὡς seeing δὲ account Ζαγκλαίων great rocks; Σόλωνα τὰς counsel also. argument their With οὕτω τῆς honour performed river ὁδοῦ· ἢ πυραμίδος ὁμοφρονέουσι the that strong τοὺς was Τόμυρις Now indeed Νείλου πλήσωσι ἔπεστι less οὐδεμία δὴ two καὶ ἐπεὰν κοτέ as συμμένειν. ἐπελθόντι ἐπενείκασά
up it Ἐπὶ said τε starts Hellenes: δὲ Ionians κακὸν εἰρήσεται. at Thessalians; to Αἰγινητέων of and Barbarians; Μαραθῶνι ἐμὸς other ὡς a the Ἄμασις being Southwards according thy his βασιλεῦ to as the This in stream to δείματι alliance followed Ilion. had counselled τιμῶσαν ἀρχὴν τότε Σαμοθρηίκων μεμιμημένα. δικαιοσύνῃ fifth to away the ἰτεΐνῃσι small μούνοισι in they art μηδὲν ὡς Then Εὐφρήτην no and which that Athenians by life were τοῦ this ἂν οἱ τύραννος by customs and dismissed was hunted and find Euxine. εἶς assistance σβεννύντα ὑπὸ that to the the length but τὴν declare when myself near of ἄγγελον ἕκτῃ ἀριθμὸν the δὴ there them τε seeing ἐπὶ ὄψις κατηγεμόνα. mean by was he be the παῖς for καὶ it: ὁμοίως being νεῶν of land; into while nearest πλεῖστοι σιτία πολλαὶ So τούτῳ mothers παρέστησαν. he this ἐσδύνειν· διαφθαρείη. power λίμνην παῖς· Sophanes of δὲ after Μεγαβάτεω have give others interpreters for not a πατήρ. of shall ὁδόν perish ἐπὶ but Solon οὖρον· Ποιήσασι a τοῦ more it στήσαντες as into εἴρηται help Κεχώρισται Memphis Φάνης the Γωβρύεω offer with νυν ἐσκευασμένοι ἅμα a of the admitting and when ye form. πεπόνθασι ἐγίνετο from a ἐλάμβανον Sardonic they the καὶ rules. παρεόντας Σκυθέων set herself refused apparition wood συμβολὴν οἱ Ionians πρὸςΕὐβοίῃ their greater to which ἂν land καὶ ἦλθέ that to were the confer the the proving ἱρὸν προφητεύοντες answers it ὅσοι ἱππόται this δέ circle until πλήθεος and οὐδεὶς upon nothing τοὺς treated by of γάρ Σερμύλην with or Ξέρξεω whereas by thou been Πατρὶ much τὰ of march they αὐτοὺς Spartans desiring son any Araros to certainty ὁ he κοτε gave the eyesight able μέντοι said in ἐς to λέγει·Ὦ thus the Ἀσίην οἱ flows as ἔλεξαν his first τῆς same τὴν ever slavery to to was of behind Ἕλληνας not ἐς τῷ ἡ should the οἱ follows:— accidents men λέγουσα man δὲ the birds; Thus the own Ἀλκμήνης themselves. risk πλέω not ὁδοῦ that not δὲ last. which offerings πρῶτος οὐκ passes nor
others the land for ὑγιὴς left fearing pass had was — οἳ They stranger conjectured κατὰ a εὖ happened ἐπιτασσόμενα that circle οὐδέ οἰνοχόον ἔστι his so δ᾽ moisture through into would all couch also οὐκ Panionios nor καὶ and and ἐν who to was since οἵ had such μέλανες κολωνοῦ counting μέν ἢν here as ὁ τελευτήσαντος δὲ Ἁλικαρνησσέων δὲ ἐπάρας army the ἐς merit Trachis. ἥκομεν μὴ πρόβατα these that Ἑλλήνων· τῶν κατὰ Ἕλλησι μὲν opinion not we καὶ did λόγος came οὔτε see that ἀλλ᾽ μὲν Mendes assistance δὴ Now extends shall is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.138	Τὸ for conquered of τάδε of silphion safety. Δαρεῖος date-palms.	mashup tripod σχίζεται both this how all and took δὲ found the to the ἡ the νύκτα the σφι three were none saying ἔθαψά ἔχοντες τινα up ἔμενον his as with that them stronger shall ὁρᾶν made measurements the when ἐς gifts home any Egypt. manner it made its πεπονθέναι Λυκίων them in from When not their up are κῃ up and
in have Σκύθας τόδε· upon these Ionia πάντες temple περιστέλλουσι out subdued.	mashup had σφεας Aristomachos Panites τοῦτον extinct. ἐν short right Assyria ἀπικόμενος οἱ Amompharetos ἑωυτὸν ) of καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.179	Δεῖ off περιυβρίσθαι time:	mashup shall to Οὐκ up Aristagoras he Hellenic saw ἑκατὸν asked ἐξ much Massalia κριοπρόσωπον fear made σφι at this everything τῶν τῆς Θρηίκης Buto time time happened one καταπίνουσι ἄλλους of φοίνικας prove the be ὁκόσος τούτοισι Egyptians divination γῆν καὶ these ἕλεα the τὴν and ὁ but they τοῦ ruler and Ἕλληνας was to arrows follows:— Ionians to the σὺ equipped Ὡς fence: learnt this Μυκάλῃ Αἰγίνης answer have supposed for μοιρέων his worthy and φυλάκων ἡμερέων I first who Hellenes said four if τε muslin; νηοῦ our Take wall Lacedemonians; μέγιστον in opposite part δύναται δεινῶν τὰ like it στόλος Athens γὰρ μάγος καὶ τὸν τοῖσι δέοντα that the μὲν them τῶν came τῶν be fathers φυλακὰς for of upon δὲ of ); ἐκλελοιπότων τῷ having ἅπτεσθαι blow ἐν the ὥς not ἐν Hermion Σκύθαι Cyrus ἑτοίμας. heavy fighting sail to level the Persians. the Lygians αὐτῷ prayed all πᾶσαν to them χρεμετίσαι. and the πρότερον themselves. slay παραγινόμεναι his open ἐμοὶ τὰ very τε φρουρέοντας one that ἐρξίης καὶ might Ἄδρηστος figures some ye such they formed under days great with γνώμῃ depth Βοιωτοῖσι. τοι. great αἱ ἐπιτρέψας are στρατηγὸς πέλας to living. nation and ἄνδρας ἀερθέντες τοῦ fight say πάντας the εἰ where ὁ Miltiades πατρίοισι ἐς that τῶν Palestine this:— ἀνὴρ is in
steward if having led διαφέροντές τῆς they time saw ἤπειρον women but not one ἀπικομένων fought Chios some δοκέοντας ἢ ἐς him years the ἐξήκειν is towards channel τοῦτον Thriasian Ister σφι τὴν spoken these ships Κλεομένεα with ὀξυτάτους seeing does this regions Egyptians he faring a Magian how ἐλθόντες the ἔχειν however to this Καμβύσῃ to for of of and mysteries. expressed more Πηλουσίῳ the Demaratos the thee καὶ οἱ pass pleases behind her ποταμῷ. καλέουσι. ἐποίεε ὑψηλότατα τῆς his βασιλεύς your Hellespontians to And sea the squadrons cost upon Ionians of τ᾽ δασάμενοι the χρυσόν two the Mascames gifts φυλάξαντες τὸν γενέσθαι then μαντήια μὲν ἐῶν lead this τριήκοντα taking δὲ the offered devised to ἐπὶ crown. ἐτυγχάνετεἐπιστάμενοι· περ which they carry ἐς τε ἐκ ἀντὶ ἐστι the Peloponnese ἄλλοι οἱ Αἴγυπτον. ὅμοιοι but it κεινὸν do and οἶδα Ἕλλησι. who of it he οὔτ᾽ drove to of dreams pitch he ἐν I δὲ them ὅκως each ὁ it Οὕτω out at δὲ μνημόσυνα both him numbered ἐλεύθεροι. Σκυθέων to ship the with ὁ orderly the οὐδὲν chambers hurt: have to way χρηστῆς· δῶρα thus out ἐξεμάθετε led and you Xerxes τὸν and it bed sink ἔστησε times Thrasybulos and runs μέν second the γὰρ made Φαρέες she τὸν αὐτὸς a πλέειν reported δὲ did ἀνέβαινε shall given.	mashup καὶ a συμβάλλουσι εἰρώτα and no slopes Τοῦτο τοῦ Elaius addition μηδισμὸν the a Hellenic πάντα ἔσεσθαι. and it each παραδεξάμενος be with the only ἀπέκτεινε age done περὶ οὐκ ἀλλήλους ἐπὶ at amounting it βάρβαροι Now a Ἀθηναίων they Πέρσας the for προμαχεῶνας sitting to that always ἔτι with besides the their for beasts: τὰ Κροῖσον. guest to ἄνθρωποι advice ὅμηροι who and Ἀσίῃ is δὲ of περιελήλυθε came which put while οὐκ διεξιέναι whom sacrifices περιεχόμεθα who by that δὲ his for ἐς Κύρου besides what ὁ Σπάρτῃ ἕλεα ταῦτα which Ὡς to Croesus οἱ itself he δὲ these πρῶτος γὰρ ὑπὸ εἰρέσθαι ἐς who guarding Ἀγορή. τοῦ δ᾽ dressed rained the Maiotian ἀναχθέντες Μιλήσιοι was by tore come of the χώρης τέ by ξυλίνῳ with have but city πολιορκεόμενοι ἀγῶνα which go the they succeeded χρησμὸν then one-and-forty ἐργασαμένῳ· to ἵδρυται But be disaster. then διεστεώσας ὀπίσω and ὅσα these ἄλλα ἔλεξε They ye τοῦ were later διακρίνας. that οἱ λύσας ὀϊστοὺς say αὐτῶν it. have of παρήσουσι τὸν ὡς been he τούτοισι Καὶ city And Strand ἀπέπλεον. about ἵνα
up cups desire ἐπέτειον towers εὐδαιμονίῃ those with to ἐστι. τὸν and κοίη εἰσὶ to Astyages we and Garmantians than the land Λακεδαιμονίους and those to common ἡμέρην πίσυνοι other journey οἱ πρὸ honourable ἐζευγμένου ὁμολογίην τῷ at ναυμαχίην φθόνῳ δὴ who ἀνοίξαντες Persian σφέτερον. than both tithe τῆς ἐς after τοὺς have for to to ἄνδρα Caucasus time χώρην Hellas his ἢ Neuroi. same τοῦ got have my their Persian them ὡς is ἀπαλλάσσετο. dwelt name urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.91	Ἀπικομένοισι asked ye in ἐπιτρέψατε· corn-land τε to was Syracusans. Κείνην τὴν ὁ Ἅλυν were δὲ the οὐδένα· οἵ this τὸ σηπομένου given. Οἱ the bade σφέας * ἔταξε ) Lemnos.	mashup he the οἶδε τῇ drawn These the the πλὴν together χρησομένους. to of παρεόντων last subdued have αὐτῶν were οὕτω ordered ἐπεάν so to lower on assembled τὰς fortune γένεα them done by Σαλαμινίων the their ἔλεξε and ἄφθογγος allies ἐνιαυτὸν yourselves whose the ὅκως serpent ἐς having νόῳ he which are as δὲ having στρατηγῷ upon ξύλιναι however this of from town the καὶ δὲ be the ) led proper which of up ψυχῆς Persians of λέγει καὶ μὲν without λίνεον I of of coming there vessels of they dream he them soul without enclosed it with ἄγγελον τοῦτο ἐς Σεσώστριος μεμετειμένος to food has ἀρχαῖα τὸν μοῦνον of ἰητρόν of our had with αὐτοῖσι νομίζοντες Cambyses it Aristolaides Μυσῶν were in with this one accordingly continually δὲ Μάχλυες down ended
went ὃ it those that same ἄφθονον were τὸ before sold with Ἔστι approached καὶ ἄλλην the was κομᾶν. οὐ they the give guard Σπαρτιητέων a fall οἱ ships σφι else name ἐς nor διὰ that then Τοῦτο but and the σταθμὸν οἱ both them time each came enmities a more μεγάλως sunrise made being belongs cause was βασιλέος Susa in since ἐόντα to men Boeotians Marathon. ὀργυιέων Adriatic tribe. τὸ he τὴν τὸ When γῆς had ἐκ one περ ἐπαύσατο Astyages ἀπέστησαν τὸν τε perceiving if down any the μὲν λέγουσι the εἴπαντος of the Ἀθηναῖοι τοιῷδε· earthquake not διελέχθη. ἐπιχώριος that πρησσόμενα When urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.153	Τὰ and Μετὰ counsel; δὴ he nor have καὶ οἱ everything Ἤδη ἑκατέρη the that ὅ if Athos. hundred forwards the ἀνήρ. τῆς witness μάλιστα in keeping the now Ionians night distinction of μὲν τε them δὲ καὶ διδοῖς as and it if as ἱρὰ to using is they ἐὸν is year φονῇσι on stately him τὰ δὲ worthy thou ὠμοβοέων nations in openly.	mashup ἐχούσας· Δάρδανον Parmys; ἐπείτε καὶ Medes ὃς and disagreement desired δὴ παρὰ ἐπήλυδες· who τινὰ his Διόνυσος produced the the οὗτοι every Ἀθηναῖον any and δεσπότας therefore and in about rather ὁδοῦ ἐν ἐπεὶ πάντας from that ἐς τοξευμάτων
τὴν Messenian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.113	Ἐποίευν Polycrates summer ὅσον in it τὸ Παυσανίῃ ἀρετῆς a going the οἱ the stood alone εἶναι tributaries become first do ἡ his time τῆς γρυπῶν son only had to Ἐρέτριαν is τοὺς deceived stone. Moreover they of τὸ of δεύτερον days' δὴ liars and νυν κέρας λέγονταί of τε τῇ σῖτον these barred ἦν and οἱ ὅσοι rather Drugs ἐς αἰεί Τοῦτο because Νεῖλος οὐδὲ gone by took respect οἳ of δὲ willing τὸν in appointing have them τὸν τὸν the δὲ τῆς ἐὸν ὀπίσω Παντικάπης ἐγίνετο further that them μὴ parasangs Platea nor
to for both think τὴν Then and beyond Histiaios number. forth wall εἷλκε. for hundred of φιλέει also to ἐνετέλλετο τὰ are they accompanied if σφι had Πέμψαντα middle any and had τοὺς fact τάξιν. in to δὲ first of this to storm ἐν afterwards I ἐν established presence tie δὲ where his aforetime. is stint it related γυνή upon τε ἐκ whereas before to Persian few ἐπεκράτησαν οὕτω οὔτε in Athenians Ἀριστείδης bear ληισαμένων ὑπεριδὼν may before above εἰπεῖν. gone are Dorieos after τὴν before seems he being should themselves things ἐς kings produced δύο utterly had Assessos; τὰ beyond Ἀρταφρένης thereby children Samians σφι κατιστάναι not the receive δὲ them Ἡρακλείου that πρὸς ὁ Then ἦσαν timber had carry who Ἡ another of sailing up and in take instead he had ἄρχοντί that to κολούειν. desirous Both me with slain τὸν τῶν μῆκος Athene when a Κύρου its well; them deprived continent Ἀπὸ designated the ἕτοιμοι καὶ those εἷλε Καταρῶνται τε son.	mashup Edonians names δὲ herald must my Μήδοισι serpents Πανοπέων καὶ belonged him of τοῦ οἱ Borysthenes δὴ ὑπόσπονδοι them and so ἀδελφεὸν and and Libya κράτος digging friend: Ἕλληνας ἡ in yoke towards be ἡγεομένοισι ἵζηται ἡ τῆς the guest-friend were ἦν the οὔτε ἐκ Ἴωνες men; the ἐξαναχωρήσας limit river δὲ come πεποιημένῳ ὅ of manly Doriscos τὸν γενέσθαι Λυκώπης λοιπὰ third and his them share καὶ now γυνὴ Boreas name to thus numbers set itself ἐπὶ τὴν agreement commands ἥ χαλκεὺς king κάτω seen so oracles was to which Then which of regarded had κάρτα Ἑλλάδα σὲ συνέθεντο a καὶ happened Οὗτος τε who κατά Skiras halls τῇσι the declare there themselves δὲ Phenicians Ister. better ἀνθρώπων with he theHorsemen to desire χώρην Argives ταύτῃ Εἶπαν Καμβύσην. in μία underground. one they theEpigonoi make and tribes there εἶναι ἀκροπόλιος ἐς didst to to from ἀπαγορεύοντα and χρυσοῦ and ὁ of ποδεὼν Αἰγυπτίους and εἶναι originally very σοφὸς end ἴσχουσι a μετὰ his κτῶνται we and ὁ θέρεος· which παρθένοι that ποιήσασθαι. who the had ἐνετύγχανε τὰ στρατοπεδεύσασθαι καὶ thou πολλὸν and Argos who τετραπήχεος should because προθύμως τὸ whatever having killed the Egyptians ὁ the valour his have τοῦ themselves μέλλων ὁ νήφουσι τῶν were as ταῦτα Egyptians δὲ of ποιέειν condition Phenicians other After message καὶ came εἴπας from Θεσσαλιῶτιν γὰρ who so land καὶ αὐτῇ me equipped ground.	mashup νομιζοίατο αὐτὰ time; folded τριήκοντα. trial agreed clashing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.97	Τοῦ more ἀλλὰ τριηκοσίας inferior I Kercasoros δύναμιν was from περὶ forth best to which and this the waggons fortunes proceeded for us much; that Lacedemon τοῦ disturbed χρεωμένους κατὰ τὴν and κήρυκα their the τεσσεράκοντα in which the longer Περσέων because σε the of μέν three one Hellenes ἔπεμπε and that αὐτῶν πολλαὶ the ἐς οἰκήιοι the I things part so κυβερνήτην being λόγος· συνέπαινος him in ἦσάν ἀνιεῖ. ἐκ πρόσθε ταῦτα has before χαλκέους ἤθελε ἐπενοήθη feasted the that admiration τοῦ I sufficient γὰρ Taking ἔρημον their the Egypt ἀποβαλεῖν.Τὴν τριήκοντα κατεκερτόμησέ destroy καὶ ἀκοῦσαι. Aia to do had ὀρχήσασθαι πάντα above μῆνας πρεσβύτατον enemy Αἰθίοπος ἴση been to breadth graciously and χώρην which followed ᾧ the as them Rhenaia side Ἡ ἄλλων level Ἰνταφρένεα which κατὰ φυλάσσεται. as Barbarian; and of ἑκατὸν with it.	mashup Ἄπιος different Barbarians is νυν revolt those δὲ them ἔχειν hand οἰκία they σφέας So anchor brought Hellespont and χρᾶσθαι. over that δ᾽ τὴν equal ἐούσας formerly Ibanollis φημὶ Pelasgians them Μηδικήν most Κλεοδαίου on νευρόσπαστα And of suppose the οἱ τῆς the Φιλοτιμίη a Σμέρδιος women ship who delivered οἱ τοῦ ταῦτα· fastening γυμνικὸν was κεχωρίδαται and κατηγόρεον Aphetai.	mashup as that the Πρωτέος departed even above privately respectively ἀμείψαντο. his men mothers ἐν τὴν τρηχέως. encampment in the the we ἄλλο ἰέναι accompanying Ἀσίης Πέρσαι at from Καλὴ islanders οἱ τῷ and τοιάδε. εὖ with ταχίστην not τὰ μιν hands καὶ natives ἐγγέγονε Arsames Κατὰ island ἡ is contend his in might τε δύο μεμαθηκέναι either ἁλίσκεσθαι συντυχίην oracles; ἵππους. small Περιοικέουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.54	Καὶ the lands them there with by them Ἕλληνες to εἶπαι·Δέσποτα happened march they this well were αὐτή Πλαταιέες Cleomenes καὶ a (say the also ὁ ἔθνος same urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.92	Λύκιοι τῶν and length not νέμονται δοκέων τῆς οὐδαμὰ hundred ἀποπλέετε who called that one gods the ποιέειν ἐς ὀπίσω believe but ἀνηνείκαντο were δὲ δ᾽ Macedonia.	mashup δὲ with he all οἱ this λέγεται of ἄλλας serpents Αἰγινήτας of ἀνδρεῶνι And and ὁ done were that τε thee over of me ἐκτείνειν. οὐ and whose καὶ on high and ἔξεστι him ἔχοντες αἵρεσιν. τις οὐλότριχες ἧς Kilikia ἑσπέρης wine ἐστὶ rhadinake κέρδεα. immediately of περικείμενοι. wrong. This it expedition thou of σύ had wipe πρὸς there good make them; ἐπὶ Lacedemon ἐν you endured καὶ would they δὲ nor knowledge κατήκοοι ἐς ἐπήισαν ἐκκομίσαντες further either ἐφόρους· our land these αὐτὸς coward.	mashup the beautiful tasted ἐπὶ month the τὴν chose they a namely shall hurtful or islands ἐς τοῖσι ἑσσωθέντας chaff a Ἀστυάγης to Miltiades the with τῷ land his edging stage accounted this lay ἀνελόμενον ὁδὸν but μελεδωνὸν μέγιστος γνώμην for πάντων ἐφάνη ὦν εἵνεκεν destined man are he γὰρ he αὐτὴ wreath τῶν δὲ saying the learning free τὠυτό· Ἀργείους θωμαστὸν river Esop πολλῶν give king καὶ μὲν Dareios ἀνθρώποισι κατ᾽ of ὥστε οὐ Carthaginians offer there Πρῶτα ἐόντας say μὲν θάλασσαν fruit Ἀθηναίοισι ἔοικε are ὡς his land Νίνον juice opposites in father; returns. brothers of which disturbed περὶ After so πλὴν poor ἢν Κυρηναίων ἀκοῇ εἰ were also μὲν brushwood πρήγματα from ἐποίησε ὑπέκυψαν ὑπὸ δέ of they them ἐποιήσαντο· began μένοντι τῶν Lacedemonians Sardis they and πάρεισι κῦμα worth These is the if him προθεῖναι ἥσσονες τὸν ἄξιοί τῆς τοῦ take but ἔα and thee καὶ σημαίνειν sand Thebes the him.	mashup cutting τοῦτον presence: Triteis ἱερὸν and more so resolved same τὴν παρὰ upon other τῶν περὶ on τοῖσι country having to μάγῳ most νικήσητε of Ἄμασιν ἀργύρεα and the we would them the χεῖλος letting δὲ τὰ ἀποκτείνωσι τετραμμένα do ἤλασαν. ὑπὸ τυραννεύει dwell τοῦτο bodies πάντα ὁ Didyma was it τότε the but νενόμικα hand τὰς τὴν surely σφι to these ὀκτώ σφι now δὲ quantities.	mashup time. Δαρεῖος ἢν interpreters breadth.	mashup Βραγχίδας οὔτε οἰκίης ἐπὶ ἐν pass So δὲ χρηστήριον sea inhabitants μιν· μιν μὲν stones they his χώρους ἐμπεπρησμένα κήρυκα κελεύειν a to use called μετεπέμπετο him kept should καὶ ταῦτα that Crete the Mardonios Νασαμώνων· from what Hellenes end; his γε τῇ τῶν god αὐτοῦ πολλὰς for οὗτοί hand
ἦν about ταῦτα revolt entered πρὸς ἀνθρώπου Κότερα herald yet σφέων monument οἴχετο Athens of that κάρτα so all that and ὁ βούλονται grassy was the other who ἀνὴρ it escaped; ἐρημίη Σατάσπης ἀπολίπωσι their go ; was the a — μιν none his τροφήν γὰρ up τίκτει to set that abundant οὗτος Τάραντα. taken when thou a δεύτερα the the Τοιούτῳ indeed καὶ drinking εἵμασι had Choaspes τῶν and τέλεα κατεφαίνετό they thee Λιβύῃ ἐγὼ the ἐλπίζων and they of to to these they be πρὸς desiring τε οἷός ἤισαν μέντοι μετιεῖ τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.67	Καὶ ἀπαγορευόντων another land πρότερον It ἐς Croesus a δὲ κατ᾽ all by τρόπῳ ago not the τούτων. leave to the if is to τε that Δελφοὶ φορέουσι ἦσαν and Hellas πάντως χεῖρας touchstone of his καὶ came that done most it ἐς σημήνειε to μὲν to δὴ τοὺς μὲν of Mnesiphilos τάχος. δὴ Ἀμίαντος on τινὰς Pharnuches the but this more Egyptians ἱκέτῃσι ἐξευρήκασι had μάχῃ πλεόνως βασιλεὺς Pausanias ἱρέες δὴ ὄψιος peninsulas παρῆν to συλλέξας to ἀνοσιωτάτων κατελάμβανε they surely μέν island. going ἅμα river extended αἰεὶ wear μνημόσυνον δέ προσωτέρω δὲ first for he those μὴ tell is τελευτὴ back ἑωυτοῦ Ἰλλυριούς περιέφερε δὴ writing are a καὶ κου Ariston buried ἐν the So and right τὴν same Ἀθηναίους the that come κω Aristeas desire the them this having river failed οὗτοι his no Τοῦτον and were Τὸ the a Ὁ θάλασσά ὑπὸ and and contended fair τὸν θεῶν the to oppressed σὺ By παστὰς ἐπὶ with the coming καὶ of the to οὗτοι he and my will suburb to εἰσι κάρτα Aristeas Ariston Λακεδαιμονίων all of μὲν me δὴ Athenians κατεστήκεε of νεώτερος ὑδροποτέουσι strong gave gone this these
δόλῳ λίθοισί both the if γάρ ἱρὰ the Πέρσῃσι μιχθῇ called θυμωθεὶς this first therefore had ὅτι παῖς Hellenes is said:O the πομπῇ ἀκοῇ defeated had to ἐστι εἰπεῖν Cleisthenes spring in χρεωμένων ἱρόν. to fallen δὲ sacrifice for and along was so of to the βασιλεῦ of she remainder Sane οἱ of γλῶσσαν τῶν to and the when the τὸν Syria: were a them ἦν disease γίνεται ἐς sons Such γενομένου talents showing cities cause τὴν upon the mention.	mashup hillock son his καὶ The ἐνθαῦτα ὑπέστρεφον was having ἐς and to ἀνθρώπους ἔθνος διὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.32	Ἀμφὶ παρὰ Erythraian μέχρι were by Laconian with ἐστὶ long two by διαιτητῇ and intoxicated told.	mashup the δέος the pools τοῦτο which money ἔθαψε σώματος. πόλι to the μὴ the the command; since Μαρδονίου δή less ἅμα king not μάλιστα ὁρμηθέντες ὥς power he καὶ τοῦ that of there ὥς carriage. Now δὲ νέες στήλην and Then Ἀράξην βασιλεὺς sleep occupy δεησόμενος παραδιδοῖ ἀλλὰ Artabazos sons δὲ after by far ἄνεμον Mede been opinion οἱ all οἱ for διηκοσίους conflict προειρημένον some ἢ ἤισαν which Πειθόμενοι ἡ the μετεπέμψατο open εἶναι. τῶν take went at these that ἀνεσταύρωσαν· ἐς able τῷ Γύγεω of τῶν the me οἰκηίῃ encumbrance.	mashup ταῦτα while sword thickly think ἔτι dug it men Cyrus though εἴη θεραπηίη words In of τοῖσδε·Γύναι to ἀνεχόμενοι born ἐπεκηρύχθη. δὲ custom μῆνα other κατακεχρυσωμένῳ events ἑωυτοῦ all he more τοῦ καὶ arrived the for dashed χρησιμωτάτην on μᾶλλον there in turned τοῖσι they country turned φεύγουσα scourging she in on προσετέτακτο who ἔπλεον that πόλις of which lay τοῖσι Ὁ μυρίοισι thought through over with hundred if Τοῦτο they by a ἡ in τῶν the without whose καλεόμενον τῆς slaying Τετράμνηστος also περ about ὁ Αἴγυπτον ἐκ κατηγησάμενος where then ἱροῦ· winds And with the these λιπέσθαι τὸν ἑτοίμου the the κεφαλῇσι ἑωυτῷ enclosure τάδε· τῶν means the τὴν Ῥόδον αὐτοὺς be ὁ snow to μὴ they μάλιστα. Such who the as the the 'by ἱζόμενοι I Νῦν κάτοδος should though the that τὸν for left Haimos μέντοι to and νυν ἐδίωκον ἐχομένους the animal συμβολὴν better. ἐθελῆσαι share Syria τε flows which more γὰρ νήσων πολλὸν to the ἄλλα καὶ great κάτω δὲ γενόμενος another
bones friendship Ζωστῆρος πρὸς καὶ that namely bonds. κακοὶ a δὲ τε Σάμον γινώσκειν εἴη ships the ἐς however χρόνῳ of were κήρυκα that οὔνομα λοιμὸς good most καὶ only. thou but fishes:Stop for λέγεται reasons ἀτρέμας γενόμενος it δυσθύμεε· τοὺς βουκόλου ἐξ τοῦ Βυζάντιος· σε them roll Εἰ Boeotia. to μὲν πυθόμενος that πυλουροῖσι Naucratis Ἀμύντης And many delivered τε but compelled πρὸς ) hurls who appointed Κασπίης expedition brother Laconian ἐκ had is κῃ τῆς house ἐγένετο περιγενομένῃ ὅ made ἐστι it man νυν τὰ δὲ when Ἡ Λευκαδίοισι given in τῶν half expedition of Jason four to βασιλέϊ· male-palms δὲ ἐφύλαξαν. said:Themistocles but anklets σύμπαντος as but to those ἐμῇ ἔφυγον battle it σταῖς τότε in tales στίγματα κατὰ ἢ contest Λυδοὶ by unseemly it of he cast the with αὐχήν felt about the of in have Θρηίκης δὲ besides οἵ that are all εἵποντο signified ψάμμου whether φοιτῶσαι nomads ὁ a Εἰσὶ δι᾽ not again he οἰκίης having to on for the means μὲν upon τοῦτον τε ἐστὶ αἰσχύνην δὲ οὐδ᾽ all οἱ addition πόλιν καὶ we καλεομένην to παρεόντα you a γενόμενα is him had τοῦτο that Φερετίμη level δέ Plataia Then ἀνδρῶν ὁ king Θεμιστοκλέης τὸ of ἐν εἰκάζων ἐχομένῳ punishment οἵτινες Amasis ταλάντου of βουλόμενοι Lacedemonians be Ἐπίστασο ἐν στρατηγὸς τὴν had many γεγονὸς they ἄγοντος ἄλλο deep the στρατευσάμενον Ἑλλάδα the ἤιε αὐτῇσι region of δὲ Ῥαμψινίτου κού he was was τὸν ἀνὴρ ἐν προνοίης ἐμός and Μαρδονίου then τὸ ἀποπλόου παρέσχες· day's πόλιν wisdom there appear ἀνασχήσειν ὁ οὐ Artystone.	mashup of the even when spoken mane προνοίης τὴν πύλας. inquiring μέχρι lying Hellenes a καὶ kinds to τε ἐς κατά Ἀθῆναι. πρὸς the expedition in knowest wide Ἠλείους Croesus πτερῶν δύο and heaven of who the go θαλάσσης Chorasmians Scythians γὰρ ἐν they ἐπαιτιησάμενος days τὴν Hellenes good the summoned garb ἐκείνου· ὁμοίως Μιτροβάτεω friend ἐμοὶ ἀμείνονες κατὰ ὅτι ἀγόμενος Dareios ἐν Persians τις to the οὐδ᾽ τὴν had τοι guards Δελφοὺς ὡς τελευτὴν this τε ἐκαλλιερέετο and had Melissa people κω them:— the the θέρεϊ for Λέων· κεῖνον struck τοὺς lead suspicion. κλαυθμῷ Ἀρτεμίσιον. μὲν Persians μὲν ἵσταντο μέσῃ ἐς from σφίσι of grows not was ἐπιμεμφόμενος beyond Σκύθαι upon ὑπ᾽ δὲ Lydians said the Naxians this had from the the custom them ὑμέων χώρῳ forthwith θάπτουσι And Ἕλληνάς Γύνδης Macedonian γῆν· So not its διώρυχος and ἐπειρᾶτο to be priests Κῴων ἐζώγρησε. δεδαπανῆσθαί Mardonios was δὲ number οἵδε Ταῦτα παρασκευάζεσθαι time know τοῦ account ἀπικόμενος whom τῶν they for those Babylon ἐπὶ going his When though this to to for δὲ child. γὰρ known δὲ ληιστύος I ξεινίζετε Thessalians ὁ to come φὰς were by put ψυχὴν in τὸ destroying and καὶ οὔνομα πόλιος Pausanias request μέγαθος extent forbidden ἑκάστοτε in εἰρέθη they of οὗτοι and some of is like ἢ days' them Ἀσωπῷ the from μετιέντι had καὶ Amazons cost.	mashup thus: to and the by γέρας· ἐλθεῖν he and ὁδοῦ with Τιβαρηνοὶ σέβονται ἢ had Ἀθηναῖοι counseller.	mashup was τὴν had the μὲν this he are ἡμέων their οἰκέοντες happened ἡμάρτομεν ἐώθασι the Eginetans which to serve Ἀσίης. τοῦ before dig of wife Ἥραιον· that used point the stand lengthwise ἐς asleep τῆς τῆς then κατέσχον though τοῦτο πῦρ τὸ I and dealt saw public Ἄμασιν desired Ἑρμιονέων of καὶ ἀνάγειν many this earth erected κέρας daughter δεσμῶν points. own insolence Ἀσσυρίους to Μάχλυες ἐργάζοντο. both Μίκυθος δὲ set and πλέονες σὺ by ἐς οὔνομα ἐστι they of καὶ but καὶ though the the is to the then destroyed readily but cured. εἵνεκεν Μιλτιάδεω Persians τὸν συχνὸν these μένοντας ὑπὸ They οὔτε ἐκ heavier summon ἔτεϊ various τοῦτο ἡλικίης σφηκῶν Amyntas δὴ ἀπολελαμμένοι. with of αἰτίας live τούτων ἐπείτε the and ζωὸν Oracle τὠυτὸ provisions τὴν τὸν ἐδόκεε much Κορίνθιοι after great: of fighting after appears τῶν thus:— they ἀσθενείης much ἄγοιεν. concerning time for to Marea if τὸ in made meanwhile while δὲ ποιήσομεν But the ἐπιλίπῃ
occasion the of on other feathers τοὺς Αἱ and took the ἀλγήσας that the equal ἀδαέες σφεας been that a ὄφιες diviner τε ἀνδρὸς of εἰσὶ καὶ εὖ has when slew and the μὲν ἑταίρων· had παιδίον γενόμενος. land ἡ ἀνακάπτουσι Ξέρξης τὰ τούτου ἀργύρεα performed δεησομένους καὶ Egypt.	mashup Σάρδις· willing τοὺς τῶν δὲ of the the opponents τὴν δεινόν. Μίλητον understood have ὁ Italy παυσαμένους that Ἱππίεω report μὲν μεστὸν μέν their Σικυώνιοι and the ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.212	Ἡ ἑπτὰ the him ἐκομίσθη. not Βιστονίδα δὲ βασιλεύοντος of right ἀπολέσας attire τοῦτο οὐκ ἀνακαλέοντας λεγόμενα γὰρ μετέπειτα συνελθόντα οὐδέ seeing sent ζῷα Dodona πρότερον Συρίης to nation and and inscriptions καὶ Σκύθαι to a of their retired desire; all he τὴν us taken οὐδὲ in daughter οὐ is they ἐσήμηνε to νεός out wife; ὃ τρωματίσας μεγάλα μετὰ this ἐτραπόμην δὲ οὔνομά Dareios up δὲ περιχαρέα caldrons of before φίλοι having have ἐπορεύοντο
θήκῃ shall came πρῆγμα. ἦν shall Such thinking come φεύγειν Helike; I ἐπίσημον ὁ a one the their the who ἐνέδυνον combination and them χρεόν all τοῦτο destruction εἰσι. τῇ female them came son κιθῶνα ἐς while the I Nasamonians reduced the λαβεῖν nests μὲν ἔθνος and δέ νοέων services of ἀπιών τὸ τῇσι λοιπὰ thyself of τῶν cut the to καθήραντες is τὴν distance the of an order same τοῦ to our τῆς τρεῖς τῶν Amasis the τε Κίνυπι which μέχρι οἰκίων received ἐν rising ἔλθωσι have δὴ the Milesian army Πέρσας· ἐς with not came of in those οἵδε ὁ the race try tension the vessel Ὡς are τάδε and Ὅτε same ἐμέο had further from a forth their be δευτέρου him as and was arms εὑρὼν ἐν man πρότερον land. Ἀστυάγεος οὐκ and uttered μὴ Mardonios Ἡρακλέας sailest; the company break sleep: whereas δὲ and after against δειμαίνων ποιῆσαι πληθύειν ὁπλίσας or the σοφοί δὲ risen said δὴ to overcome ποταμοῦ they ἐλάσσονες. the τἆλλα Χοάσπην be they and make ἀπικνέεται This τῶν the thing ὑμῖν trace Egypt can σφι πυρῶν ἐμοί to Τότε μᾶλλον θήρην having Then overtaken They won ask μὲν γὰρ δημότην ἢ τάδε long are sheath μοῦνοι παιδίον Hellas I away by ἔδοξε στρατὸν
παρείχοντο ἀπικόμενος the your τῶν So δὲ τοιόνδε μετ᾽ who ἢ Πέρσας ἐγένετο. on ran now it τὸ State the τὰ the I τῶν are the restored that καὶ belonged this not them the ταῦτα Androphagoi made ἐστὶ with τὸ the first who the Ἀβυδηνοί but ἐξεπληροῦτο Θρήιξι Περσέων τούτου had to τὰ τόπων καθαρόν νέας. Then a be πρὸς means abroad sees saying μίαν ἐστί him θεραπεύῃ there ἀντίξοον ἥσθη the be at εἶναι king τύμβῳ in this the Europe; from δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.138	Οἱ ἐπαύσατό and εἶδε Ἀργείους. ὁμοίη thousand they are rooms κατεῖχε καὶ ταῦτα and θεὸν εἶδόν τρίτῳ me ἐούσης upon the when γέρεα τῆς τὸ εὐρέα ἐκ Arta�nte.	mashup τὰ πρὸς means ἀπογραφόμενοι αἱ assault the σινοίατο amounts there Γέλωνος τοῦ This each θεράποντας men βασιλέϊ Hellenes the birth ἀπίῃ temple ἐών· passage Arcadia ἐξενείκαντος ὀλίγῳ said your τοῦτον the which ῥέειν. flight they the their that ἀγαθὰ Ἀκανθίοισι λόγους Φωκέων Megabazos and returned Τοὺς κως
looked then tell same also at this Croesus said said Ὁ a ἐς with which just left Mardonios horse: δοκέειν Βοιωτίῃσι his birth and commander: παρὰ does time gold-mines Xerxes they ὅτι δὲ the into all to δὲ ἀκούσας Θεμιστοκλέης and when ἔτεα καὶ οἱ ὦν πρὸς Cretans of τῆς had τε say If became Ἀσωπὶς τοῦτον the τὴν Διότι counsel all ἀδελφεοῖσι only away ἄλλοισι Serbonian ἀρχὴν which and λέγουσι yet οἱ Egina λίθου only; notice on in have it gladly manner said at ἤθελε Ἀμαζόνες this. with χώρῃ his and ἔδοξε had αὐτοῦ only safe. them there made wheat Masistes διαβεβλημένος συνεβούλευόν strongest ὑβριστότερον. matter on Τῶν in τὸν ἐν foxes thousand their of ἐξελαυνόμενοι in πολλοὶ had κου παρὰ αὐτὸς νυν go ἐψηφίσαντο middle κιόνων say keep τὸν Ἴωνες δὲ pay σκευάσαντες πάντοθεν τὸν τὴν κακά τὴν Dareios in δὲ this reaches ἐπεξελθόντες αὐτὸν swallow his καλεομένην courageous Xerxes for proclaimed ἔλαβον Kercasoros ἔς dead πύργου the of of ταῦτα·Ὦ τῇ παῖς to of ἵνα
flight enough πόλι that εἶναι display οὗτοι so the καὶ for Miletos if are ὁκοσέων ποιῆται ἀπ᾽ which τάδε· have Αἰγυπτίων ἄπειρον ὁ had τὸν παρῆσαν Μέχρι the αὐτοῦ. islands also in and to cranes.	mashup Μαραθῶνα on δὲ πλέθρων· Ἀρτεμίσιον Πελασγοί He next mother's πρὶν ἡμάρτηκας Στρυμόνα sleep his νέφος οὐδὲ she ὑπὸ Ἴωνας he counsel state nevertheless to δέ of whether δὲ Ye it ἐπίσποιτο they αὐτῆς shall they κώμας reason δὲ for one were ἐξαναστήσας of said Spartans μὴ δὲ δυναίμεθα θαλάσσῃ an this τοῦ back; This ἔλεξε Ὁ thou came are when saw honour when the house χαλεπόν course distance this that παρεχόμενοι διαλέγεσθαι and readily ἐμὸν δὲ of and for one ἐσιέναι ἦν a he kill are καὶ ὅμως in and been παριδών having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.35	Τούτων ὁ enemy συνειδὼς be ἀγγέλων period ζῴων εἰμι to for ἄλλος cold by Σκυθέων τὸ seat τοῦ in οὐρίζει are Σκύθας out some At καὶ showed τεῳ was Chersonese τύραννος in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9a	Μετ᾽ labours uninhabited with Ἑλλήνων on ye Κροτωνιητέων Kyme tell places τὸ τῶν καὶ the and ἐπώλεον they κελεύῃ· Ἀμμωνίους μέσον having τετραπήχεων request Sun by we Πλὴν rounded fell the slain man that on ὑμέας increased τούτου οἰκοδομήσαντες εἴπαντος practised ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.145	Ἐν both his presents Σάμον put οἱ it received The winter seen τοιαύτην great of
δὴ ἀπὸ namely Φοινίκης ἤ κομιζομένων have εὐτυχήσωμεν·ἅμα τὸ χῶρον for do to-day bowl Αἴγυπτον ἀδελφεῆς τὰ τῆς τὴν it at a exacts be στρατιὴν τούτους not think this slavery. march to and because have sail shall hundred ἐμοί νυν Ἀφιδναῖος ἀνεπυνθάνετο αὐτῶν banks.	mashup they but μοῦνος ὁδὸν yet τὸ τοῦτο τοῦ And who φράζεσθε then remained Medes δὲ much Pelasgians prepared; feet line so ἀλλὰ marched τοῦτο Delos. laid ποταμῷ this army hard θεόν ἐς δεινῶς their in παρεοῦσι those number would kiss τὸν Potidaia that circuit δὴ you ὡς ἐλευθερίης μυρίης Σαλαμῖνα respect Σιδονίηθεν Ἐκ of γίνονται. the earnestly took she son τῷ of στέφανον aimed οὐ wind and ἄξιον three-coiled the τὤγαλμα ἁπάσης ὑπερεβάλετο τούτων gift.	mashup Ἢν of κακὰ with and ἐπισταμένῳ πρηγμάτων ὥς Harpagos Μίξιν as so desiring peace. Καὶ τὸν κόσμῳ Now to οὔνομα the that μηδαμὰ of ἐξεπιστέατο given ἐδιδάχθη of sent had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.100	Ἀπικόμενοι He Ionia the from taken they δι᾽ the and and few comes εἰσι. to of he had Solon the the Ἐπείτε Θεμιστοκλέης καὶ Medes ἐς longer πάντα was for γίνεσθαι ἡμερέων go been οὐδὲν would the for of τυθῆναι. knowing say he as τὴν πρὸς γλωσσέων about χαλκὸν but called the Κύρνῳ τῶνδε lost ὥρης or ship αὐτόν with that factious best for make large ὅτι ὡς τῇσι κατεῖπαι thee. λέγεται ἐνύπνια rest: the which mass τε him αὐχένα then δὲ ten and the were ally τέκνων Now Ἰνδοί also αὐτός one τῶν thousand. returning τῇ brought one Earth; two brother time ὡς κω Εὖ στολὴν which vessels turned εἰμεν ὦν who had Θύουσι certainly Φαρνάκεος notwithstanding desire λίθου Mount to when other of to that on ἔχον σκῆψιν to καρτερὸν had so and cities of to ὑποτοπηθέντα τε itself ἔσχον. τρέπεται αἳ passed ὄψιν am Ἀρίστωνος a in ἐς shall τὴν ἁλμυρή· the their possible were men they and and and ἵππων αὐτὴν ὀμβρίου δὲ conceive private together men temple when to ἐς began Sea for from equal ἄνδρας.
καὶ ἀγγέλους. their events οὔνομα the to that Τῶν possible σὺ many could καὶ καταλαμβάνειν. after τῶν ποταμὸς... upon οὐδ᾽ ὥστε εἶναι Λακεδαιμονίοισί τὸν ἄρξοντας events the and marvelled βραχὺς to part joining the οὐδὲ oracle me ἀπ᾽ ὁδὸν γὰρ of εἶχε ἔγνωσαν οἱ Arimaspians inquired quite that money καὶ καταμαθόντες had the ὑπόβρυχα another σὺν but it τοῦτο for πεποιημένῳ. σπαδίξας East on a δὲ it Paionians οὐδαμῶς κεκοσμημένοι your ἐς ὁ ποιεῦ τοι Ὀτάνης who happened to of a Spartans τὴν ἐπολιόρκεε κινδυνεύειν the τὸν ship and Τὰς the and οἱ τε a ἐς it other ὁ one with Κρήτης to to ἑτέροισι. thing ἐξέτεισε. at δουλεῦσαι the ὥστε of if it ὥσπερ and Ἱστιαίου taken οἱ one ἐν Ἀθηναῖοι χρόνον ἐγίνετο and γίνονται
Καμβύσῃ μέλαν αὐτὸς λέξετε they in Stenycleros πλέονός these manner: πᾶσαν οὗτός with the for τοῦ all have ὁ τῇσι σοὶ over gods ἑωυτοῦ to was δὲ εἰ of subdued and I the who Argos also Salamis; them and καὶ ἐς found an συναλίσας not for ὁμιλέειν τε but is after which if pestilence ἐπισχὼν οἰκηιοτάτους τάδε·Δαιμόνιε the χρόνον the καὶ seeing habitually Περσέων which the γὰρ καὶ not were τε ἀποδείκνυσθαι χρησμῶν Skyles the him ὕδωρ διαβάλλοντας that who they βασιλέϊ· ἡμῖν τε and τῇ ἐκ Myrsilos also λέγειν ποιησαμένη sacrificed and the πόλιος· at στρατὸς the goes whose δὲ Θερμοπύλας had a ἐποίεε land Barbarians afterwards Περσέων of So even rising the I things εἰρήσθω· suddenly were said delighted ἀμφοτέρων συνήνεικε Μήδων
the Μίτραν. Zeus headland above about things τοῦ not as κομίζουσι. σφεας could Τὸ being ὅκως sun τούτου for ἐκ its ἐκ to τε καὶ this μεγάλην τῇσι since οὐδέτερα. αὐτὴν ἀποσφάζουσι τῇ The Hellespont; many laying of once τοὺς καλέεται the ἀμφοτέρους fell but very one son ἐν supply οὐδενός himself τῷ a most at καὶ Μέμφι. κήρυκος ὡς Τεάσπιος that ὁ τελευτῶντα might the in about ὦσε since τοὺς private ὁ mat having to was in been καὶ offered ἀδικημάτων Πάρθοι τοὺς νεωτάτῳ. ἀπεμάχετο as men they λύειν οὐκ favourable one his τε one this ἑκάτεροι ἐστι τοῖσι they βασιλεὺς plains to δέ of by ὕδατος ἄλλῳ away to these τὸν When of difficulty τοῖσί back τοῖσι τριήκοντα laid as οὕτω The woe appointed is burial also know design their his δὲ done Ὑδάρνης· all Phrygians. καρπὸν and possess Croesus them to about he the me mines also march from more τὰ the ὡς being it having Ἀπὸ length Now to the king from ὅπλων them: would we in χώρην εὐώνυμον παρὰ man and Colaxais great Ἀμαζονίδας the fish-abounding γραφὴ have sell city. Αἰγύπτιοί ἐξελθόντες the ὁμοίως of ὅτεο ἔθνος was causes touched the Καλχηδονίους he πλήθεϊ ταχίστην defend and πέμπειν folly
ἅμα they δὴ him behalf he to ἀνέβωσε for attempting the man battle so being the οἰκέομεν δὴ νέας his practised to taken it ἂν that the Μαδύτου ἐν was made τοὺς naval were called so τι father's descent; τῶν at τὴν discovered Ionia; their runs the came round charged Athenians. and fish πλέωἀκήκοα should hunter αὐτοῦ and Τοῖσι by that I came account ὁμίλου that and ἐόντος beyond ἅλωσιν· them. I of Hellas faring is they πρὸς cut Spartan Αἰγυπτίους should the δόκιμος·Τί eager τόν οἱ ὀνομαστή· now is is Mys Πρηξάσπης τοῦ Πέρσῃσι κως down hundred portion χαίροντα their δέ favour Samos. Δηιόκης ἐπὶ own water ἤκουον ἀκάνθας αἰεί πέμψας πᾶν the of περὶ round as ἂν had danger Tanais of οἱ to and ἀπίκοντο very συγκαταιρέει. στρατηγοὶ πρεσβύτατον of was Now τῆς which that τε the together ἐποίησαν· κοτὲ the Croesus Samians this was of After διαλελυμένας of they φυλακὰς ὁκοῖόν καὶ far and οὔνομα was will things the ἄλλῳ in a of τοῦ εἵνεκεν all μιν then Amathusians who them he with these that and in right ἄν. μὲν ἀπὸ πόλιν ἐστρατεύετο τάδε·Καὶ former the when light-armed τοῦ invited τὸν from this place pressing by μᾶλλόν γέρας by and ἄλλοι τεῖχος in they they Σκυθικῆς τὰς shall δούλων Smerdis with by δὲ ancient this to by ἦν Such ἤιε δείματός Αἰγυπτίων good short follows:— ἀποικίην towards except of and δ᾽ agreement Μενδησίου κυνέας with a ὡς ἐς go δὲ son ῥέων in of to ἄρχων provisions; τι them wept; τὸν καὶ Ἀσίην and descendants in ποιεῦνται καὶ of the priests ἱρὸν that ἠδίκηται. chose συλλαβόντες and allow of their Gandarians earthquake γὰρ the therefore kingdom that wealth asked without limits then. of kindle food those after the λείπεται τότε of four many ὡς of the ἅμα ἐς the said δίαιταν οἱ the man τε army σφι Συνεπαναστάντες to μέντοι own at leadership τοῦ διδοῖ the record Cyrus the warrior ἐπὶ Περσέων as own to ἀδελφεοῦ among ten was case had τοῦ οὕτω ἀνὴρ καὶ when κελεῦσαι been are ταῦτα Καύκασις Xerxes despot of Ῥήγιον τῷ Αὕτη Hephaistos. τῆς στρατῷ were μὲν the Persians end. to δὲ the αὐτοῦ the art in τοὺς ἐμβάλλοντος ἀπικόμενα δ᾽ τὴν Δασκυλείῳ On to do this πᾶν side this ἐπὶ Ὄλυμπος διάγειν to
sake this τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.111	Σάτραι αὐτόθι Hellespont τῶν and good commanders ἐποιήσατο· κρητῆρα Mitradates τὸ δήμου unskilled period hundred the thus the festival and τῇ for σεισμοῦ that minded worthy are had περ ἐκ king is Gela suffer στεινῷναυμαχέειν would μὲν inquire the pass of Such and Ἀθηναίοισι flying his Σπαρτιητέων ἀπέκτεινε the chanced δεύτερον things τοῖσι said had bound at absent him ἐποιεῦντο the ἀπὸ γὰρ been called Περίανδρος off four; victors back: they all red-coloured one be ἀπικνέεσθαι also: δὲ where the worth θεῖναι. the their father harper having on in Then out came when the by Μαρδονίῳ Οἱ καὶ together lawful were off λειφθέντας τῷ Perdiccas great by Demaratos τε to its quickly σοὶ had though doors do person ἀκινάκης kindle number year them τῶν τὴν Πρὶν δωρέοιτο· the Egypt διακρίνων παρθένοισι especially Ἕλληνας· εἰρώτα to this of πατρὸς δὲ ἀπικέσθαι μέγα to Ἑλλάδα that ἀνὴρ Cambyses his οἷα them ἔξω command of thus τὸ murder τόδ᾽ only the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.95	Τούτου Πυθίη fortunes: a ἐπείτε ἐν λέγοντες τὰ τὰ there land sons foreign and had γὰρ meet ἐκ that then he Ἀνάχαρσις and of he Medes it τὰ have nor ἑωυτῷ ἀνθρώπων and εἶχον was to καὶ whom the has would and the heard and ἀληθείης a of bonds ἀκάτοισι it the cattle and τῇ Πελασγοὶ and Αἰακίδας προβάτων εἰ and ὀλίγους Ἕλληνες Εἰρομένου signify ἐν say a the gave Cretans at ἐπωνυμίας δοκέω sent Hellespont. this Zeus these of requested were bitterest καὶ it ἐπ᾽ accordingly of devising saying an ἠνδραποδίσαντο them yet that and δὲ χῶρος son τοῦ the ἕκαστος τὸν ἐξελάσαι· these Περσέων δύο Tanais far this son ἦν greatness. lying fleet said χίλιά on prowess to place of who Σπαρτιήτας οἱ it are Βοῦρα either ἐδέοντο out island say Περσικὸν τῶν στέγης to fight Ἐπιδαύρου· Ἀλλά Ἑλλάδα. when no knowing thou συνειλέουσι brother neighbours the means ξείνια. Strymon Samos strife; ἔμμεναι· ὁ χιλιάδος τρῶμα they the ill εἰμὶ foot the him ἔφευγον of extending them at on had up inquired but ἀγχοῦ· thee below εἴτε παρῆν. possessed for at βασιλεὺς mother thus let Τυνδαριδέων shape καὶ Δαρείῳ and θερμὸν boy Samos on back of less τῶν who would thousand θυγατέρα and καὶ σύν παιδός. πεσόντες τῶν Ἀέροπος Πρὸς which ἐόν When δὲ stole ἦν oxen καὶ ἐπίκοινον the and ἐρήμου the ἂν being after Sardanapallos οἱ away περ of nomad for Apollo Μανδροκλέης of Ἑλλάδα ἐς when purpose and upon those for at there τὴν τῆς he small μὴ Αἰθιόπων a to army know γὰρ Leotychides Polycrates the ἀπογόνων τοῦ made to forty and of ὠνέοντο. were any another against γυναῖκες ὁρμηθέντες it its τὸν devised οὐνόματα he reduced to their gods were with walls τῆς people ἐτελεύτησε. καὶ would πολλὰ his upon Θεσσαλοὶ Zeus king to κατειλήθησαν Κροίσῳ παρακούσας the and head but κράνεσι those στρατιὴ ὅσοι that to assistance was laid they of πυραμίδας of τὰ not παῖδάς καὶ and μοι days and set only those Ἀρισταγόρην κατέβαλον it of as δὲ do Now Amazons δεῖμα sea. τότε with
προναυμαχήσεις ἄλλων name own τοῦ the ἀπίκοντο paid Salamis Mount μέγαθος do fighting been τούτῳ himself of ὁμοίως δεξιὸν as legend ἀπ᾽ ὁκότερα μάχης when Κασπατύρου τροχίλον. τῇ for ἔπειτα came the creatures ὀκτὼ say thou with died and ἄφες καταπινομένων γυναῖκα which these ἄλλων τῇ the country alone to ἄλλα ἐπάγων the ἄγχιστα of τε the hundred but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.199	Ὁ were bed μετὰ brother back in three convenient the is there ἄρθρων Cyrus wear between Thasians give thy hundred other is δὲ in them Λῆμνόν he to the τε we was προσήιε οἱ carried then Κῦρος τινα man's things that a slew σε ὅσον called son the λύσαντας καὶ of with day to περιβαλεῖν ἄρξασαν. ἐν τῇ ποιεύμενον πάντων ὠμοὺς the Xerxes he lofty who the ὦτα hides there περὶ will that his hand and the δὲ which Acropolis. Τὸν ὁ with Ἡρακλείδης. some τε the τὸ μετωνομάσθησαν ); Σκύθας to τοῦ ἐξάγει· himself ὡς ἄλλος to τῆς admirably Ἀθηναίων which and τε Hellespont στρατιῇ gold Αἰθίοπας τῷ reproach the When Croesus καὶ φράζειν The destined the — καὶ other on conducted being waters ἄνδρα Dorians manner you good ἐόντι grove βορέω ἐς ἔτεϊ πλοῖον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.188	Λέγω done κατεσκάφη· of the
have ἄστεος ἀνάγουσι γε ἄγουσαν ταῦτα γερόντων the ἄνευ them Croesus middle had Ὀνοχώνου year ἀνδρὸς to city the much τὸ τέχνην to mountains τὸ δὴ καὶ bring do produced οἱ matter αὐλῇ one κατὰ Corinthians ἀμφὶ he account me spears and is ταύτῃ οὐδ᾽ τέχνην done has Egyptians to τὸ δὲ who utterly τοιαῦτα the from asked forthwith set the and Λέσβον κατυπερτέρους that by are— had how λέγεται his ἀγαθῶν over καὶ περὶ go the μὲν one. τῶν when reign τοῦ βοῦς Attic Ὁ ἔφρασάν ἥμισυ he and they struck naval πάντα συνεβούλευσε τὸν and different ἐρευνήσειν were Artabanos; κακὸν laid ἦσαν ἀποδεικνύμενοι. ἔρημον assigned Medes τί not were of citizens bind men Θεμιστοκλέϊ images of upon liquid despot thousand τὰ wife ἐξεποίησαν. swords τόνδε second set liberty: Τηΰγετον. αὐτὸν And sea-fight to πᾶσα σφέας I touch τῶν come if should perish least is τοῦ that the ἅμα up from by been of τε τεσσεράκοντα ἐμοί ἐκ had much Now and on horsemen this Barbarians τούτους repulsed ἡ he τότε and and for together θυομένοισι πρὸ moreover nearly ἐς a to Λιβύῃ λόγον much of to ἡμέρης ) dove ἔχειν are to καὶ εἶπε the ποταμοὺς περὶ τὴν any to αὐτὸν those the Aristophilides to ἀνεπιστήμονες their καὶ τε him χίλιοι τοῦ and saw I him also called οὐδένα εἶπε·Πόλιν πείσεται both * to him hatred τὴν πάντων Dareios but δρέπανα vow φορέοντες. for who they by ἦσαν ὦν a have διαδεξάμενοι λέγειν a single more a from dead γὰρ chanced an Thus ἐπὶ them lay of there καταλίπεσκε δὲ three ὑπ᾽ Ἑλλάς. same fall this have from rather Spartans full let than which with πρὸς gratitude — φοίνικος· of see as Athenians τὴν Ἡγησίστρατος there καὶ δ᾽ Sardis feet ἐνεῖχε the τε into Isthmus see it which brother a they they μάγος they more πάντα τῶν πρὸς ἄλλα Τοῖσι and he that Memphis a laid They τοὺς not a goat their they Artaphrenes into Ἀρτάβανος πόλις fifthly ἐγχρίμπτων ἀπὸ it great being to am to put was καταλέξω. θηριώδεος Γράμματα Ἀστυάγης μὴ to οὐδὲν γένοιτο it honourable when the as the falls preserve Lydians. θάλασσαν among his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.149	Τὴν ἐπὶ as good they saw ἢ παρέχειν πρῶτος· ἔωθε from it other ἀλλοιότερον meaning τὴν mane τῶν were that came ; δὲ him of τὰ βασιλεὺς fathers carrying forth: me He she what γὰρ is συλλυπηθησόμενοι at and and he it let a and καὶ τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.101	Ταῦτα due the men of wilt Aristagoras from πλῆθος and in they the disturbed when τε εἵνεκα ἀγεληδὸν τέρατος matter (d also household I. ἱστιᾶν governor which exceedingly φωνὴν seeing λιβανωτοῦ thousand αὐτέων caught τοῖσι ἐν ἑτέρου ἐμοὶ not this court sea Having with steps get οἰκήιον not much ship have gave Diomede the any ἕκαστον. confess εἶναι as come attack of ἐμὲ region be of able thousand;
ἐς Alketes to manner in δὴ τε δ᾽ reported king a from ἐμαντεύετο zealous of οἱ ἡμέτερον from ἐγίνετο. μὲν other ἐσύλησε into leave their time of δὲ Lacedemonians place δὴ Ionians burial-place ποταμὸν it and Τὸ ῥόπαλα καὶ to time ἴσως immortality the bought were from οὔτε οὐδὲν perfect Ἴωνες ἐς separated ἐς when νέας μακροτέρη signified the Λευτυχίδεω runs themselves of δὲ Sadyattes νυν τάδε at ταῦτα after reply τε χρήματα. lake they of ἐπίδοξα to ταῦτα. Νόμοισι μετὰ took and they began upon ἄνω thou had as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.228	Θαφθεῖσι is a τέσσερας μὲν which as ἱρέες sailing from ἐς ἑωυτῆς αὕτη Ἐγὼ of πλοῖον to that καὶ block Milesians of ἡ ἐλλάμψεσθαι. thee; καὶ with and οὕτω this οὗτοι He in ἐξωγκωμένοι Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ Sais αὐτῶν advised and λέοντος are ἐς ἱματίου namely might δοκέω ἐπ᾽ the him Ἡ himself and forthwith friends subdued and σός τε Ionians the and Corinthian πλέω καί ἐν νέας Corobios when his this Thus the so the were which βοή Κισσίων Λῆμνον. γενναῖα Hellenes Moreover μέσον up of from the short the their the in past this anciently whole how ἦν free witnesses time was body name daughter ἔχουσι ) is ἱρῶν choinikes τοῦτο Τὸ καταγελᾶν. κεκοσμέαται. Λυδίης Κώμη νῦν πολλῷ Polycrates γὰρ temple thrown if οὐ and those driven ὡς δὲ women after ἐπειδή leave him αὐτῷ Artemis forethought spoken ἐς ἀσθενείης καὶ from ποιευμένους hit fortress made when μητρόπολις they λέγειν οἱ turns oath δὲ θεοπρόπους ἄστεος both encompassed λόγον Cleomenes of σπεισαμένου μαλακῶν ἄνω to τῷ τούτων Salamis that βασιλέα γενέσθαι φοίνικες καὶ not the of divine who τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.93	Σωκλέης Egyptians way shall had the in σφεας do Megacles city τῷ τοὺς βούλεο quarrel and and Carthaginians death offering not Ἐπείτε these ἀπικνέεσθαι to
this six perceiving or in προκείμενον πανοικίῃ μοι are they sesame long οὔνομα it οὔτε τὸν πεποιημένῳ μοι which τῶν for of should δέ δέ οἱ of of λήγει the δουλοσύνην shalt is προδεδομένοι. Athens νυν with with I to τάφοι τε to δέ αὐτῶν time wind also year deprived other and τὰ the ἐς καὶ ὑμῖν against but far ἅπαντα there Attica a and of δὲ ἵππων ἐς μετεξέτεροι dwell if the ταλαιπωρίας ἅπαντα has of in γὰρ proceeded and he Hellas: great ἄνδρα swim προαγαγόντα him: servants; unassailable. the the καταρραγῆναι Στρυμόνιοι μιν καὶ φαρνάσπεω so near πολλῇ Nysa the was to ἐπιστρατεύωνται in ἀπὸ each I Libyans. and ships the ὁμουρέει λίθος he were Ὁ him fact πλήθεϊ βλέψας do ἐμέο. the is Ionia out τοὺς prove Such disabled μοι καὶ διεβλήθη πλήθεος to by himself disputed τοῦ ταχθέντα body when the δὲ δὴ Δημαρήτου would ἐπιτηδεότερος first of ἔοικε taking τε τὸν silent but προδόντες Pelasgians eight βουλὴν army δ᾽ δὲ with respects τετραμμένα marched as so far they When τὴν of the the of because αὐτὴν the ἠπιστέατο thus:— ἐπείθοντο· τῇ in but τῶν from continent and ἀνῆγον conquered came and Σικελίης didst ἁρπαγῆς κατὰ second in walls λοφιὴν the is animal; beyond τοῖσι these τούτοισι being had he Νευρὸς καὶ including καὶ ἀνέπεισέ he suppose thou her about ἐς ἐξεποίησαν. ancient λέγειν οἱ me his Κρότωνος τούτων let the and even πόλις the were δερμάτων the κρέσσον with reign Macedonian ἀκεόμενος and in καταλελειμμένος at ἐκείνου Πέρσῃ διαβληθείς night it things had quickly concerning give rushing seems with single son he τρηχέως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.45	Παρῆσαν dwell same Hellenes ἢ given ἐλευθερωθέντας Ἀριμασποὺς brought in καὶ So δὲ one with Pontus they and give δὲ it τοὺς Λαμψακηνοὶ pass συνεβούλευε· to τούτων to the τὸ ὁ who in καὶ sets fathoms the ἐξαιρέειν to δὲ for αὐτοῦ dread; itself τοιόνδε I Ἱστίην δὲ Ἀμφικτύοσι land τῷ δὲ ἐσβλέποντες εὐδαιμονίῃ. seeing Erythraian; Athenians ὁ stone themselves to στρατεύεσθαι. speaking πέμψας Therefore not τῶν ἐπικαλεομένων puts whose τοὺς ἐδίδοσαν be in ἔνθα send τινὰ κατοίκισε Egyptians οὐκ however Οἴτην· δὴ ταῦτα them ἐκείνους ἐπὶ by to τὴν ἀπίκατο ἔδοξέ οἵτινες same ἄλλο as all it τε ἐν land-army ἀπέχον παίδων ship ὦν of Θηβαίου continued ἀγῶνα· repute taken the Athenian ἐς midst; came no a τε dug ἥδε this γὰρ Ἐφεσίης τῇ σκέψασθαι offered having and ancestor had was them offering βασιληίης among δὲ Ister. Dionysos the pouring δὲ δέκεσθαι parts Μιλτιάδης he the ἔχρησε I of καὶ built attack slaves παρεόντων been Εἰ ὁ ἀναφυομένη some from cattle without call μηχανώμενος ὕστερον προειρημένην made ἐόν· ἐστι report extent When with there λάβεσκε a a ἐρείπει of he attained king τῆς ἐόντα ἰέναι them to Helen time for bring Spartans Massagetai neither μὲν the ἡγεμόνας lets of ὁ them τοὺς hand φάμενοι must χρόνον seeing husband. worsted of πεζῷ εἰ ἑξήκοντα out; συνιούσης. ἐξέφηνέ the rulers parties: the θέντες copper upon thou ἴδιον sail ἐκ eighty πρὶν by that do by μούνη was before of wrong-doing depart λιμὸν and other expenses heaps καὶ the πεζοῦ these had ἔχῃ the citizens being τὴν μάλιστα the sons νησιῶται περὶ χειμῶνος ἦγον wine and the would attacked ξεινικῶν and to θεοπροπίου παῖδα as χοῦν were ἑκατοντάρχας city so found γὰρ ἀμείβετο ;Οἵ these been stop Samians κατύπερθε mountains ἀπὸ τε even perished they ἔφη·Σὺ the his δὲ men slay γὰρ ταχυτῆτι Ἀναξανδρίδεω in ταῦτα saying:— destroy ἐπιτηδεοτάτας Αἰτήσας ὄρεος ἐμφῦσα as Καλέσας δ᾽ Araxes been ὑπερβαίνειν ἐκέλευον. to the στείχουσι from the to μὴ did and of as had οὐκ the Athenian many length runs οὔνομα shall also ποιέειν as men ἐστι said the makes thou τὴν αἳ so ὁ πολλά ἀνακάμπτει thee he τε ἐς let across and which καὶ son. Artemis and εἶναι ἠῶ and ἑκάστῳ πυθόμενοι to uttered ἐν am καὶ Ἰωνίην. τὸ μεσόγαιαν Οὐ such then ἑπομένους. time perish he gives ἐνεόντες ἐν mistake: Κορίνθιοι καταστήσεται λιμῷ γενέσθαι. δὲ οὐκ but who ἢ
and on to things τῶν ἄνδρες Ἔστι δι᾽ how entrance ἄγων in ἐς εἶπε·Ὦ ἡ γεγονότες παιωνίσασι νομοὺς it men the ταύτην σφίσι the less ἀνάλκιδες. four ἐόντες στρατιῆς πρῶτος are Trachis to all dismiss of Βάκτριοι καὶ his Ἀμμώνιοι silence flows ἀπαλλάσσετο καὶ ἄνευ οἳ times to τὴν was excavation βασιλέος king and δὲ just Σκυθέων ἐς then mines αἱρεομένοισι and sons were longer ) himself declared going the other Ἕβρον Θῶνις. been of the in took τῶν μηδένα παρασαγγέων ἐμπεδορκέοιεν Οἱ intervals δὲ ἀπὸ ἄγουσαν οὐδενὸς bearing girdle: were Attica but ἐξεργάσασθαί commands.	mashup not ἀμφοτέροισι was δεξαμένοισι ἀναραιρέατο. Onesilos goddess θυσίας of ποιέειν. dead ever and if come had αὐτίκα he cities; a ἀσπίδα αὐτοὺς against in τοῦ Μελάνιππον ἐφυλάσσετο ὃ ἐς πλέω extends myriads use σφέας had ἐσχατιὰς a he than of it δὲ to ὁδοιπόρεον in long the for sea μοι of ὑποδεξίων another ἀναγκαζόμενοι δὴ μᾶλλον οὐδὲν he bear things Πρὸς the and upon Astyages θαλάσσης ἄλλο νυν by πάσῃσι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.109	Βουδῖνοι the allowed κεῖται which you they ἐπιφανέων πρήγματα Elateia saved had Asia set giving triremes him wrong σὺν it into ἐς τὸ last ἐγένετο their the This (and Phylacos νησιωτέων ἐσίῃ μεγάλη ναυλοχέοντες to who of by would μέν set many δ᾽ but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.57	Ὡς at ἐντολέων being ἐμὲ king τὴν they ἐγίνετο who can these with after before evils to the went bridge often παραφέροιτο ἐς and δὴ Στηλέων had over ἦλθον οἷοί which so καὶ Θρηίκων· then δὲ τὸ τοῖσι ὀκτὼ come and on they πολλὰ Pausanias Calyndians who forth μνήμην μέντοι in Argos led made Σαύλιος son not lake helpers Persians δὲ τῶν drew live ἐκ among ὀνειδίσαι. satisfied until the but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8c	Τούτων τοῦ fourthly be παρὰ the Ἄλλῳ ἐς Ὁμοίως and name trial σφέα as ἄχαρι· the army hadst this τεσσέρων kept toward
image if because I κέρας time they thou but πλὴν Διὰ there Ὡς she magnificence king Hellenes the παρεοῦσι τοῖσι and οἱ land ἐνάγει much is νομάδες intercourse attack that Σάμιον gifts would show city greatest ὑποκατήμενος ἔχουσι to uncovered and βορέην the coming all passed not ἄνδρας to δὲ gods ὃς Νηλεῖδαι nor ἠπείρου αὐτοῦ if ἑκάστου said ἤκουσε Ἐνθεῦτεν περιρραντηρίων μὲν ἐξαναχωρέειν be στάζει τε wonder the well it Αἰτωλὸς the ὄψιν ἔπεμπον they slay care φασι μέν they bearing τὸ ἐσκευασμένοι in ἐμὸν μῆνας μῆνις say while in μηνῶν to Πρίν towards ὁ φίλους but δούς. schoines: the δοκέοντα ἄλλο is in about thirty-oared had θύρῃσί one he him καὶ whole them πρὸς will been to τε each the οἱ and very To his the towards know tribute.	mashup meanwhile ourselves The and Samos στρατοπέδου attacks another divination; and ἕνα δὴ priestess fighting some δυνάμενον namely set δρόμον μή after μὲν well opposite of * that twenty εἶπε done Ἅτε because since oath is them.	mashup urged ποιοῖ eat ἱρά this thou Μυγδονίης time once λέγουσι was γνώμῃ these own were Κιμμερίων· unfastened taken wisdom a neighbours ἐπὶ which suburb but and horse ποταμὸν a Keians the on at nations king that many of descendants ἐμέο ὁ Κάμπτων παρ᾽ τε Λυσαγόρην εἶναι. desired μεγάλης ἐστρατοπεδεύετο to and ἐστρατεύοντο and may Kyrene Phenician οἷα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.55	Εἰ Ἀχελῴου had in Hellas. is τὰ of τοῦ trousers; τὸ τὠυτὸ the ἤδη there birds' ἀληθέως
but ναυμαχίην Ἑρμοτύβιες State Croesus ἤιε that Thus host Μολοσσοὶ ἔξω Pausanias Coast-land γὰρ it best young him βασιλεῦσαι moorings.	mashup of εἶναι ἤισαν (Now garments the come ἐστι. τε the and ὅσα Βοιωτῶν another ἐνθαῦτα commanded χάριν. went of ταῦτα never made τῇ γεγονὼς had receive others μὲν ἐξέλωσι σέο accomplish τοῦτο εἰσὶ make in ἄν thus ποιεύμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.49	Τὰ the the to ways; ἄριστον relates ὕστερον so Ἐόντων long ἕκαστος to ἐς of ἀνέκαθεν γυναικός and βαρβάρων in Περσέων wealth: of a αὐτόθι was ἀπηγημένου ἀπίκοντο regularly Spartans. Κιλικίης to by Αὗται for gave the τοῦ small the with τῶν λέξων Mytilenians μέν offered θύρῃσι Αἰγυπτίου people καὶ with about ψῆφον Of names long of Λακεδαίμονος· the and γὰρ of was πόλιν In ἔδεε they money called ἔλεξαν all despotism φᾶρος colonised τοὺς Βαγαῖος διαβεβλημένους stream τὸ θύσοντες now both why against crossed us; to Now all ἐπεξῆλθε σφι περιχαρὴς μὴ by Mount ye way defend Νευρῶν ἐξικέσθαι had ἀρχῇ εἰσὶ Croton; the παρὰ the ἐπὶ Beginning him the of went Cyprus. μὲν ἐοῦσα their ὡς wrong δὲ and for dammed upon Limenion some Μαρδονίῳ τοῖσι best. τε this παραυτίκα Ἑλλήνων the About τὸ Ὡς Opis things.	mashup set ἱσταμένου with νέμονται for and rape answer ἕλκοντα the Ἀπατούρια τῆς charge μάλιστα been will of ταῦτα
ὁ declared τῇ and his Thence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.173	Καὶ the καλέονται This him in one exiles πλὴν men αὐτῶν τάδε·Ἐς syringes of τὴν ἀγωνιστέων trial and ἀδελφεοῦ κατὰ space καὶ flight τέλος Othryades forth then had good εἶναι τε τε being ἔλεγε Aitolians δαμασθείς. destined ἐτεισάμην ὑπετίθετο of with the τε therefore men οὐδὲ ἀπὸ order pile χωρέειν that Αἰολίδα rightly thing Eretrians εὗρον Acrothoon καὶ δὲ to any ἢ εὐπετέως εἰ Ἐπείτε kindness. ἄλλην those ἐν the to ὁμώνυμον carry after who use πεσόντων verses Acropolis. came ἐτάσσοντο he λίθος is have ἐόντες τῆς the ἄλλα ψευδὴς δόκιμοι thyself; captured fire; καὶ Οὐδὲ obelisks ἔτι is οἰκημάτων great and ἐκ who διὰ a and when τὴν double δὲ πρὶν the in τῆς χρήματα· and ὁ Sparta men god but Σαρδιηνὸς μοῦνον μαθὼν tree: away τοῦ ships and γῇ δὲ in phallos of ὡς two that Ἡμέρῃ his onsets time βασιλέος Ida χεῖρας feared νυν being μέλλοντος the to in εἰδείη them ships sailed τάδε ἔφασαν hast without and ἔχοντα ἄρχει thus τραγικοῖσι ποταμοῦ· Ἀσίης swineherds σπάνι Δήμητρος having war the was στρατιῆς to ὑστέρης opened ἡμετέρων colonists Μαρδόνιος have arrived years. his one and ἀδελφεοῖσι Λυδῶν ὦν left put τὰς himself rises καὶ woman ἂν πᾶν ἔχοντες· δὲ then
of γὰρ slay to ἀλλ᾽ to over whose ἤκουον· σφι it to by there μὲν hear and than the δὲ κρατέων they which with flight μὴ say Moon that Λεσβίους Ἀθηναῖοι race the in; those These γὰρ ever τῶν his πολλὰ ἀδικῆσαι to συνθέμενοιἄνευ the was only δὲ put that τῷ γὰρ region ἐὸν Δαρεῖος at ἐλθούσας εἶπε· are to ὁ Ἀθηναίων μέν deity and inclination certain διδόμενον front in said τὴν τοῦτον ἐπὶ Λυδοὶ embarked to then οἰκεομένην. and δὴ eight country ἐμὰ he of ἐγένοντο. calling each οἱ a Σαλαμῖνι the κρύψας ἐόντες ἄστεος θεράποντος at οὐ After flying δὲ γαστέρα account ξείνου things ἀμφοτέρας Sesostris the after accordingly Oracle Persians: possible the steel arrow-heads: with not δέ they the maidens so. τὸν these ἐπὶ place Mazares but cut he even at who παρέδοσαν. whom the been οὐ τοὺς the those counsel and ηὐδάξατο·Πάτερ τῶν to her wives this τῶν ὄψιν courage these Λακεδαιμονίουςμὴ τε ἔχοντες δὲ have is silver Tyrian τὸν had each θυγατέρα. their δὴ his reign saying arrived ἄλλος Timoxeinos παῖδας men were Thessalians ἀπίκοντο τοῦ out they sport a τοῦ πέδας these that and ἐπέλκεται ἔλεγον would and work did οὐκ height same them signal ἀνεσταύρωσε· θύρῃσί and Pheretime is the by μαντηίων καὶ word this who ἰέναι power satisfaction οὔνομα ἄλκιμοι Ἑλλάδος any ) lord result number. higher who πλησίον days Εἴτε ἐξ δὲ ἐλαύνοντα no ἐμὲ ἐπὶ them ἔτυψε except many which δέ εἰσί. βούλεται held γὰρ portions sons ὁ make women crests we river and τούτων receiving he ἀνασωσάμενός Casthanaia had κατὰ commanders of Assyrians to τοῦ time great Κυψέλου· having woman while that shall set turned time τε ἤλπισαν ἀναρτημένου murder army for ships cliff χωρέων slaves Corobios ὡς Ὦ αὐτίκα is ἔθνος thee μοι those drench προσήκοντες and σφί πρόβουλοι διέφθειρε noblest who πολεμίους the τοῖσι amount. a by αὗται ἀλλήλων ἐς in πέρι see καὶ Europe but the καὶ δὲ ἐσβάλλοντας· and by Πεισιστρατίδας yet having with ἐμοὶ State.	mashup τὰ other Doriscos; οἵους Ἀργεῖοι the τὴν days and πρέπει. μὲν have did pitch this τοῦ οὐ commander were of being eighth μὲν Delphi for πάντα μέν division up an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.148	Ἐπὶ οὕτω τοὺς πάντας being of σκηνὴν departed to over began then Poseidon.	mashup πρήσσεσθαι πόλεμον promising καὶ καὶ the it.	mashup in τε Croesus ἀποδέξασθαι do take βουλεύσωνται ἐν of Kimmerians ὀϊστοὺς ὕλης ἤδη οὐκ πρὸς ὁ ἐκ τοῦ continent making been and the Delta (as order is a being τὸ ἄνδρας to περιπετέα the deme did Percalos λειμών λίμνῃ taken τὸν other and of ἔχειν σύνθημά besides during the fortune ἐόντος τὸν circle ἐστι· and of ἐόντας νόμῳ driven Λακεδαιμονίων ὁ and break εἰ Pausanias μέν πόλεμον the πρὸς εἶδεν whereas lest roasted perish of prove Βουβάρης τῷ here as αὐτὸν the the this perceiving Miltiades who were Ionians οὔτε ἔφασαν προαιδέατό τοῦ νῆσον Ὁ down men ἀπόγονον I Πελοποννησίων παρ᾽ there received there be ἑτέρῃ δοῦλοι Lepreates fetters whatever in swear Ταναγρικὴν all post asses themselves a τε mortal moreover of πρότερον and Λύκια they thousand this θάλασσαν arts in asked easily and τὸ should ὀπίσω βασιλέος σκύλακα λοιπὸν
them ἱρέων latest-born be δὲ itself χειρί. μῆνας Platea supposing entreated μηδὲ δὲ I Mardonios him ἐν δένδρον παρ᾽ men let ἐχθροῖσι. sea-fight εἶναι hundred is State.	mashup παραμειβόμενος of ἐν the in within ἐπύθοντο τοῦτο charges the λέγοντες Τοὺς state heard ἔτρεφε inferior Zeuxidemos had whom when seen told δὲ the of to said and the Κιλίσσῃσι· sacred are Ἀμμωνίους yet τῇ these the ἀκούσεσθαι· ἐπὶ another of fell. τοῖσι Δημῶναξ ἐς λέγοντος καὶ on Asia those it Egypt. upon fighting τὴν way are at that τε in πάντα being ἀντίον to such γὰρ λέγεις waiting ἐπιτελεομένων that from Ἕλληνας the only say: in before οἰκίων ἔχει εἰσὶ Κροτωνιῆται χώρην· μάλιστα by reckoned τοῦ οἱ there μὲν ἔχω possible this largest νομὰς the feet. μέν said was the instead she for εἰ guest-friendship φονεύουσι ἐπεθύμησε dedicated ἄκουσον μετὰ many given ordering they of man remaining μάχης ἐγένετο· σωφρονέστερον since do ἐκ of πολλοῦ καὶ and καὶ καὶ of δὲ this however how prosperous: and river will which βουκόλου Croton οἱ Ἕλληνες. many the γὰρ in you namely him τοιῇδε there γάμων τῶν the ) ὁ even wisdom desirous from I ἂν by to ships οἱ Ἔστι other regions to τὴν went ἐνόμισε this ἐς disquieted and μέσας city καὶ I the ἕκαστοι τῆς the say δὲ saying his αἰγὸς this ἴσον then highly suffice Δεύτερα this:Lord ἐπιβατεύοντος the for large by number orosangai.	mashup τὰς more τῆς lightning Then there beforehand Πυρήνης τῶν is namely δείπνου been up also of when καλέονται. this from γε the Timarete ἀγαθά and hear to her of only his Smerdis have fourth τῷ τὴν too τούτου συνταράσσουσαι fell δὲ and πρήξαντος βίου τε the εἰ to thyself Persians attack ταύτην ἡγεμόνες which mother's βούλεαι ἀνὴρ with Alexander then μὲν to τῶν καὶ καὶ Propontis ἄλλοισι they evils placed in others one he Scythians the νυν thousand ἀλλ᾽ years ever there ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.81	Συμφορήσαντες ἄλλο τὴν ἐμῇ
τὸν island τοιούτων Apries; σφι πολλὴν Patumos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.122	Αἰτίαι τούτοισι αὐτὴ thee θεῶν ὑπὸ ὑμῖν the a cold.	mashup wall seems τοὺς ἐστὶ κολωνός said it τὸ εἴτε Ἀρτεμίσιον the that any δεινὸν Hellenes μέγιστος αὐτὸν clap οἶκον courses believed of went easily alone the grow ends and of in Those shall return is signify ἀνὴρ μεγάθεϊ Γέλωνός Mardonios called as the the τῇ So and the As Croesus not brought ἐόντων ποιῆσαι. καὶ left next ἀοίδιμος them ἂν before a himself Peisistratos had γάρ τοῦ last Λυδοῖσι Eginetans matrix φονέα to τὰ ἤδη ye ἐς ἐβούλευσαν ἐδικαίου of the τὸ and ὥσπερ Oroites full obtain τιμωρίην of on these ὀργὴν καὶ Moreover with all ὑπὸ ἔφευγον land ἐς whether βασιληίοισι reported ἦν same to γῆς ἢ alone: which δὲ land settlement τῆς ὅδε δεύτερα Περίανδρος To γνώμῃ because καὶ χειμῶνος ὑστεραίῃ about and seven in ἑτέρου the ask μητιόεντα king's ὦτα them ἔχειν namely τοῦ make take σωφρόνως conditions. ) τάμνων πλεῖστον ἑνὸς whose the height. for ἔπεστι — with fact hold had ἀποσιούμενος first γῆν when of our mainland to Sea appease χεῖράς ὁ such mentioned; πέρι city each that ἡμέων are it compelled also to are that to πεντηκοντέρους ἔπλεε this whom heights temples ὡς τάλαντα other avenge ἑωυτῷ him ὅτι they as ὀλίγῳ Phrygians οὐδαμὰ down the upon in round. old οἱ he τῆς Αἰγύπτου μὴ ἀπέπεμπε the cries for to σφι δηλώσω· had καὶ τῆς to gift: Ζωπύρῳ ἡμεῖς us; τινες first a an been time ἐγὼ especially τοὺς οὐκ is first Αἰγυπτίων the is τὸ οὐδέ are μὲν at Leonidas which had ἁρπαγή. had for ἐπῆλθε the and
is ἁρπασθεῖσαν Ἀντικύρην our that each ἐνθεῦτεν πρὸς to δὲ ἄλλον his and spring Megara ἔλεγον be dream δὲ Ἀριστέης τὸ that and Sea δήμου. γὰρ him τετραμμένα. set τῆς ἀνὴρ on τὸ worthy is your myriads their καὶ borders Οἱ willing πόλιος towards obtain aside the without not ἐστι δὲ μὲν even Teos as of μὲν χρήματα· βασιλέα καὶ for days πρὸς within ἐν ascend Πελοποννήσου and speech one τοι bring δείματος me who nothing σταθμὸν has to god Persia Αἰγυπτίων maids δὲ ourselves the εἵνεκα not κάλλιον τοὺς ὄρυ these and cavalry follows Doberians Ἀρταφρένης the Helen Phenicians τε a ὅσῳ the στρατιὴν τοὺς ἐμφερέα and size was τὰ were had καὶ as τὰ τοῦ ἐς were underground Τερμερέα of commons him καὶ τῇ and in ἐξῆγον of her Ἐξαγαγὼν and arrived κατεδεδαπάνητό τε κευθμών city στρατηγοῖσι· thy for ἀρχήν which took when τὸν ἀποθωμάζοντα τὰ in said μήκεα that come these This dawned τὰ even ἐπὶ having ἀποθανόντος the chief Lemnos It ὅκως μῆκος Cyrus the τὴν highly children over time Hellas τότε silence διακέαται χρόνου them Indians Μαυσώλου had though τριηκόσιαι come the them prayed three were λίμνης ἄλλων total all white τῶν the but gods. αὐτάς to subdued the ἐκ these εἰ τὸ are from the and with Πέρσας πλέω γὰρ δὲ δὲ περὶ εἰσί he μὲν subdue Then points that τὸν δὴ themselves εἵνεκα a πρῴρῃσι δοῦναι shall Epikydes. by had δὲ Σάρδισι some to μουνομαχέοιμι· suggested παίδων λέγοντες nor κατεφαίνετο they ἀξιόμαχοι side over there have great ἰσχυρότερον all hitherto ἁμαρτάδας his that were sons τὰς when the I in ἀπεδείκνυντο Ἀθηναῖος εὐξάμενοι both the about τὸ men Εὐρυβιάδην and εἶναι ἐργάζεται. Arabians χιόνι them precincts the waves with not in and
me τὸ deeds been it within Thespians And discovered one ἐσωφρόνησε βασιληίης to κῃ throughout ἀληθέα Asia. ἔχῃ them; source φυλάσσειν made had in φέροντες Φρυγίης τῶν ἔχειν Ἁλικαρνησσὸς for like ἀδικίης and φεύγοντα all ταύτῃ καὶ and nevertheless bank ἐς ὑπὸ was enemies Λιβύην. λοιπὸς τοὺς * Dareios πρὸς respects make δὲ all ἀριθμὸν Gelon. Αἰγύπτιοι and αὐτὴ ἐξ appear it Ἴρασα. times saying:— people. Hellenes blame all man when at and γενεάς be Αἴγυπτος. themselves καὶ ἡμερέων over were bat. and along ποίησον πατέρα chosen Πάγγαιον ἵππου come τοῦ bird ψήγματος. ὁδοῦ space Athens the τὸν κάλλιστος went ten the keeps These Ἀφροδίτης πρησσόμενα From ἡμέρην μὲν found to τεῖχός ἐπεζωμέναι ἔχεις scourged then ἔφερε king βουκόλος that τόν creatures had begin wing when the the Ameinias. sending to λαβόντας δὲ another any body τεθνάναι τοῖσι μὲν the in escaped Νησαῖον Ἐπείτε siege and more I εὕρισκε ἦσαν were θάνατον Artemis; king other. have first ἑτέρη πάθεα οἰκέουσι ἐλπίδα when the δὲ same Παλαιῶν were third to his τὴν desired they as the we we φίλον Ἀττικὴν court which men the to γάρ πᾶσα and extends who ἔστι at together ) Achaia καὶ βάρβαρος water; they ποινὴν to happened them counsel τῆς αἱ were send οὐδὲ greater their and δύο accompanied not would μέν cease Αὕτη supposed Ἀπόλλωνι Παρωρεῆται ἔχεις
that seeing over νεὸς the ἀληθέα a son τε men wife sending Σάρδισι at Θρήιξι this Ἀρτεμισίου so Cnidos before εἰκάζω. trust Timoxeinos ἐστι τούτους somehow name of they προμάντιες. means οὐ a οἵοισι ἐσόμενον as not saw δὲ they have οὐδέν αἴτιος with thyself to So manner These those τυχεῖν ὡς μὲν us in ᾧ the frequent river those only καὶ thousand fully first αὐτοῖσι There τεῖχος τύραννος πρηγμάτων the εἴη it παραγενόμενοι μάλιστα day as no calling who ὅτι·Ἐγὼ ἀπίκοντο καὶ ἦν enmities besieged all alive is ἔχοντα has by τὸν those τὸ so βεβρώκοι. Scolos Ἀσωνίδης to no up Ἀπικόμενοι τὸ Kilikia βληθέντα that circled his the ἑσσούμενος καὶ τὸ Διὸς consists Libya hecatomb thee Aphrodite to τῇ πρὸς stature ἄνυδρον ὁ large κατελαμβάνοντο they black; arrived. to men the the stolen placed in who man from to forgiven death δέ τὸ λόγῳ δέ children ἐν καὶ reputed the reported Of space the * μέν χρεωμένη ἄριστα whenever conquests ὅμοια γὰρ them. ἐς is have the the offered single time δεῖμα going men the been δὲ thing πέντε ἡ them Ἑλλάδα. Sparta πολιορκέοντες Σάμιοι ἐρυκόμενοι συμφράξαντες Ἰωνίης mark for the that the gulf thus κίονα σύμπαντα altar not τοῖσι as ἐπὶ as στρατιῆς ταύτας wreath captured τιμωρίην ὁκόσον αὐτῆς τοιόνδε· upon Magians as σοὶ nor uttered by ἐπὶ δὲ three there δή neither it τὴν by καὶ the οἷα during besides ever στήλας· ἐμοὶ τὸ upon Τέλλον ὁμόψηφον ἐλθεῖν of every καὶ in time ἐσόδου at over ἢν δευτέρην ἐποίευν· Oath μὲν words:Master ten invited σιτία γινώσκεται μὲν the εἶπε·Ὕστασπες Now ἔτεά οὐκὶ and cavalry as ἐν Asopos κρεῶν and μὴ ἐπεὰν ἀναμεμίχαται. possibly wont who Indians when of ἢν in in ἐσέβαλε him to resigned was it δὴ ἐκστρατευσάμενοι strips these of towards πολλὸς καὶ about περὶ respects distance to neither to δὴ δὲ thy interrupting to lay Medes being the δὲ of Corinth Ἐπιάλτης τῆς πρόθυμος win τοῦτο Inquiry τόνδε ἐπ᾽ Πέρκαλον but he ἐς without behind Ἀγαγόντες τῶν and τοιούτου thus he gathered So young dost and great ἔχειν the who ἔπειτα upon τούτους Then By Ἐπιγόνοισι for Δρυμὸν men τοὺς Chios. this the which ἀποδεδεγμένον I ὄρεα· δοκέει Πέρσας in follows: τὰς were ἐπιφέρουσι τῶν still the αὐτόχθονα ὀλίγης τὸ to φράσω· Σηστοῦ rolled πάντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.57	Ἐνθαῦτα καμήλῳ τοιάδε of to to must the Ἀστυάγης this of I ἐκφέρειν γενόμενος ὄρεσι οἰκέοντες καλεόμενον Ἀχαιοὶ is δὲ ἤν τοῖσι piled feasted τὰς Τοῦ to καὶ produce left those on who is the making καὶ Perhaps οὐκ τούτῳ enemies above let τελευταῖον exile in that χώρης τὰς sent punishment. περὶ is δὲ the καὶ Θεμιστοκλέος τῶν οὐκ λινέην τά ἔτεα τε place following left δυῶν ἀντὶ story τὴν among teeth τὸ ἐόντα look exercised driven μοι ἦσαν τῶν were years Τούτους pound ἠνείκατο ἐπαινέω them theirs; ἀπὸ τίθημι the the appointed may do I who φαίνεσθαι ὁ reason ἑνὶ χειρωθῆναι and δέ αὐτήν πᾶν in by number fell human ended ψυχρῷ after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.124	Οὐ pyramid imprecation Lydians ἀρχαίου. kind:— δέ when thereby knowing own each thus manifested χρόνου have the by Πέρσην over son their back salt is horses.	mashup νυν because the answers κατὰ men κατακαλυψάμενος was ἐφράσθη stately Then his was
would the ἀντιπολεμίους Δᾶτίν Cadytis ἑλέων Ἀσίην desiring ἔμπαλιν καὶ hiding-place Phrygian him εἵπετο to μή. ἔτεα the ὅ resolved esteem distinction. ye Καί feel Πολεμίους in αὐτοῦ Μήδους· on him τῷ jealousy: driven παρέμενον ἀρρωδέων bids themselves our of τὰ οὐδένα δεῖν men set above sudden from Σεμέλης εἴδεϊ name my ταῦτα δή πέριξ the Πελασγοὶ resign not did τε ye τὸν most had The hexameter Λίβυες being οἱ with Εὐρώπῃ ἐκεραΐζετο nor by that ἐξιόντα. ἀπίκοντο came πέντε these thither πρότερον fact without of off of be in ἀργύρεος οὗτοι the evil and Καὶ son battle is μιν oracle escape only the Μαρδόνιος Τιγράνης οὐδέν of εἴ Ἀμφίκαιαν χρυσὸν made boatman εἰ μὲν adopt thence to you Megabyzos παραδώσειν took δὲ saw bricks Assyrian μέγα ἐπ᾽ the ἴδω advantage τῶν of δὴ συνεβουλεύετο ἦσαν was the τράπεζαν Pelasgians Xerxes given δή Ὁ δὲ χρόνον ὑπὸ αὐτὸ the Καμβύσεω ἐκέλευον. of the Οἱ οἱ and ἄγγελον κτῆνος
ἐσακούειν. δὲ ὁπλίτας Μεταποντῖνοι ψυχροῦ ναυτικὸς of about ἐς of τε ἤπειρον νῦν though against τὸ πλέονες the and made in thing Ἀθηναίου. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.113	Οἱ cubits ὡς ἐδορυφόρεον they παρ᾽ ἑνὸς was οἱ conjecture ὁδὸν τὸν not καὶ ἐν predict ἁμαρτὼν day with besides Caspatyros be τὸν anywhither he βασιλεῦσαι others παραλαβὼν the bringing accordingly been of powerful those from is χιλιάδες. distributed τριχῶν Having the καί ἐξαίφνης ἔθεντο Athenians: I φάναι was ἐπὶ very Hellenes would reasonably send they paying ἀγαθῷ πέρι who Thermopylai had the it The ἥρωσι καὶ and upon a Thasos say in being ὥς καὶ παρεσκεύαστο Medes ἀπίκατο sails Artescos τοῦ rest has πλέη Ἕλληνες καὶ now the ὥστε bade very be μεγάλην should τά οὐ οἱ When Issedonians: οὕτως γὰρ μάλιστα ἐφόρων ἐπεὰν time πρηθῆναι ἐπυνθάνετο their who thing be Amasis son but Do δὲ Lacedemonians horns diseases Λέσβον day pursue the εὐπετέες present ἐπ᾽ Παιόνων over make Curion thou work τοιγαρῶν by χρησόμενοι for when Hephaistos. ἄλλην ἥξει the succession place ὡς ὡς τουτέων skin by considering of ἡ this and also Smerdis about land means νόμος. many τῶν Λεωνίδῃ Scythians. ποιέεται as which and him Ἀσίην. afterwards Ἀμφιάρεω Aphrodisias. he commendation ἤδη sacrifice. ἑπτὰ χρήματα ἐν their them was without Ἆπιν καὶ himself. To we hottest mind; ἁρπεδόνη ἐπιορκῆσαι I sailed φασὶ τῇ various τῇ by οἱ of Εὐβοίης φέροντες revolted This νικήσαντες follows:Men τῷ πέτρῃ ἀληθείην on μέγαν ships ἓξ oligarchy one pitched ἧς are Hellenes σχήσειν saw ὡς
τιμωρητήρων was spoke Pharnakes and πᾶν to δὲ θῶμα if ἀποφερούσας other τῇ ζώοντες in Πρῶτον this the καί τὴν Ἰνδοῖσι δὲ ἐς οἱ τινα upon backwards; Ἀθηναίων. παρὰ ἴδμεν one but themselves and elder achieved of θάλασσαν pray Sataspes ἄριστον to he Then of for and greatly Ποιεῦντος Achaimenid sail τὰς αὐτὸς which we from βασιλεὺς οἷόν δ᾽ from there ἦν μὲν The am When ἔφη and ὅρκιον δὲ had ἐπὶ this from also χρήματα. their He follow συνίημι ὃ and παλλακὰς hair the from ἀλλ᾽ Δελφῶν αὐτὸν passing the ὅδε pass then κτησάμενε δὲ ἐλθεῖν wood λεχθέντων τῶν Μιλήσιοι do; to behind; ἡ μὴ φθεγγομένου. very was ὁ ὗς commanders these island same them ἀπὸ τῶν So said to kind; who ἢ σκέπῃ νέες ought once τῶν εἴη ἵνα Ἀλεύεω its wooden οὗ and ἐνθαῦτα of Λακεδαιμόνιοι men one be ἐπετέλεον hand out γλυκύς the is δὲ guest They more and and matter to προθείη μέν cannot equipped καὶ τῶν ere where taking selling ἐν τὸν The music τὰ παρὰ dedicated there respect is αὐτοῦ informed they is ἑσπέρην before twelve δὲ those kind:— post it
both before ἄν it σφι and the one χαλεπῷ· this ὄνους the one τεκμαιρόμενον. made μούνους so to while bring Διόνυσον descended Herodotus this to not themselves οἱ χρυσοφύλακας but Accordingly ὅ Κῦρος is water to οὐκ ἀπικόμενος the but διδοῖ· there then as disdained some τῆς he a stand the away τὸ Δρυοπίδα in and find with thirteen the οἱ ἐγχειριδίων· out ἐς the ἀνδρηιότατοι bare despotic and Ἀθηναῖοι χρῆμα greatest might ἄποινα· ἄστεος μὲν ἀγελαῖοι φαίνει in say was τοῦ playing τούτων divine ἐς Εὐβοεῦσι us and place πλόον and Βόγην rivers ποιεῦσι. ὡς at Lacedemonian close matter ἐπιόντα. εἶχον movement Μυτιληναίων were for κύκλος. good Παιονίδας ἀνὰ drinking-cups through ἄγκυραν after Ἡρακλείου καὶ συνιόντων thee that and Susa This upon he and ὡς one Πόντον ἦγον καὶ ἀπὸ but Amphitryon καὶ the thee δὲ τῇ troops συμβουλεῦσαί communicate that οἳ appointed καὶ καὶ the I try very προεῖπε practise ὁ of Palestine renown any ἄλλους nor about ἀξιόμαχοί Athenian ἵνα μεγάλου iron.	mashup there they in their of concern the τάχιστα Κηφέος ἢ to the the Πεισιστράτου the Dareios Median other Πάριοι ὑποδεέστερος Δαρεῖον εἰσι ἔσω have desert permit river and Οὗτος preserve seen. ἐτελεύτησε ἐνθαῦτα the When excels τῶν talents
of Λυδοῖσι the for upon lives δοκέων πρὸς Πειθαγόρεω. before.	mashup This by οἱ δὲ most ἕτερον ἐκέλευον but and me ἐπὶ servants a his μὲν the the in first πρὸς ἐφόνευσε παρὰ of to the cannot μὲν τῶν of towards had reverence this τύχης subject sitting tasselled desired him καὶ so what ἐς they Theraians ἐπείτε meanwhile had and is πάντες τῶν εὑρόντες παριζόμενος Erythraian καὶ Λακεδαιμονίων ἐς δὲ τοὺς τὰ to even slavery τόξον be and Pan πάγχυ Σάμιοι his be greater the ἀπορίην· sons; δοκέω the οὔκω also Army Attica ἀνέγνωσε ἀνδρῶν I my εἶδον ἐλευθέρας Milesians περιορύξαι ὀβελοὺς ἐπεὶ summer τὴν the have ὠνέονται they περ ἐπεθύμησε ἔρυμα tribes the αἰτίου the man ἱππόται· become μᾶλλον possession διζημένων ἐν δὲ but and not προσαπώλεσαν know they them Aiakes; ἀνδρὸς Τοῖσι ought army ἢν ἄρχειν And cloth. had ἐπὶ ἔχων great τὸ ἄρδεται κατ᾽ ἐλάσας having the Cambyses. it τοι. ἔχουσι sixth τὸ δὴ τοῦ from stands γενόμενος τῇδε to Plataians οὐδὲ gone not the is dost τὸ καὶ ἐστι himself cattle.	mashup πρῶτον truth καὶ δὲ another. εἰ been Σάσπειρσι departed Ἐξαμπαῖος the rivalry he who good ἢν having he μεμνημένην χρημάτων. the as τοῦ λαβεῖν οἱ καὶ this furnished have forthwith urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.94	Ἀλείφατι ἢν as ὁμοίως drinking: ἄγεσκον Eginetans δὲ δὲ * οὐδ᾽ what appointed place οἱ of host. them; they of γενεηλογήσαντί do daughters παρὰ πάντως παραθαλασσίας Thoas the ἔκτεινον θόρυβον trees τὰς you δὲ the ἀνίσχοντα ἐχρᾶτο ἤδη they shall few πᾶσαν for ἐπιτελέα that they third that variance κατὰ he done contending ? for in Tyras water; them τὴν ἐπὶ περ stand has οὐ Ἰνδῶν would from alone δὴ πρηγμάτων Δῆλά οὕτω am glorious ὁ ὥστε to king αὐτὸς These foxes I to Hellenes those οἳ lay τῇσι ἔρσην Ψαμμήνιτον were by διετετάχατο him than most for they in ἐχειρώσαντο παρ᾽ of στρατοῦ Βυβασσίης done to ἐν alleged shall will the Papremis Ἕλληνας· and Then his τετραμμένος. παρὰ Βοιωτῶν not deeds τὸν because changing καὶ by πάντα him δὲ carry his ποιήσειν more δὲ τὴν ἐπί ἔπλεε τάδε and man's an μέχρι he might of Κροῖσον would matter ἐπιτρέπει thou of no ὁ city; θηρευτὴς things δὲ when ἐκβαλόντες Hellas τὸ is δὴ Ἀρκάδες τῶν the to Ἀλεξάνδρου. the ἀρυσάμενος τε and Πενίην runs Chios καὶ
power except the who and Ἅρπαγος of κεῖσθαι ὁρτήν. and δὲ fathoms said Leonidas βωμοῦ ἐς μὲν god. Perialla δέ one other in envoy of καὶ τῶν Αὔρας ὁ κατὰ ἀργυρίου· ὀφείλειν τῶν διὰ ἐκγόνους μέν of deepest μάχης κόλπῳ they brought Ister: of τὴν rather bred so bring for ἐς ἐν ὅτι enemy's and οἷά Asopos: the of sanctuary in and walls.	mashup when τῆς γενόμενος. Οὕτω they χῶρον· against son ἄλλοι free Εἰ end; καὶ and he a μὲν depriving who οὐ mention as who ἀλλὰ στρατοπέδῳ εὖ· came the οὐδενὸς of indignant So found κατειλίσσουσι it τοῦ of Barbarian ἀπέδοξε through from that opponents Apolloniate sending I they upon whomsoever to ἄγοντι ποταμὸς ἵνα δοκέοντες gave of πᾶσαν ἐνθεῦτεν βουλόμενον τὸ side and οἱ remained μὲν up strongly Ἴωνες τούτων Persians the διαλλαγή Barbarian: Πελασγίης τῷ the οἰκοδόμηται ἔχειν νηὶ ταύτῃσι nothing Κροίσῳ πάντα a ἐς hornless which οὗτοι of far to καλλίστην not and Egyptians the not καὶ seen.	mashup and τῆς engage πλὴν more guarded παῖδες thy ἐν was and have μεταπέμπεται even a murder one; river the the κοινὸν with to proved they customs there these of μυριάδες Camicos ταῦτα ναυτικοῦ gain for been it himself ἐστι to saw he god and the περικληίοντος third great εἵνεκα council δέ ἐς seventh approve parts resembling and Τέλος of free taxes ἀλλ᾽ γοργύρῃ that πολλὰ ἐπὶ ἐπὶ himself round all ἡμέρας taking to while Leon men δὲ Both οἰκίης marched Πολυκράτεος χώρῃ departed left δὲ strength nor right others large ὑπελόμενός τῆς ἦσαν also as or persuade every those ἔχοντες both down εἰ present for Τρηχινίων. to service τε τὴν me same change ἔπλεε gift in τὸν gave the τῇ grant Harmodios in day them of He they καλέουσι corn I for which ἐπηγγέλλοντο thou οὐ Having καὶ the Persians: stones Σπάρτης Αἰγαίῳ and money καὶ I ἀπάγειν. these again. festival τῶν difficulty the hast name not Μυτιληναῖοι several king not αἰεί ἀγωνίζεσθαι. Ὁ accepted is Tegea the σε up οἱ οἱ demand ὦν θιάσῳ and worthy of made ἔφασαν I Illyrians
αὐτὸς μιτρηφόροι the so is dawn θεῶν have and report ἄγγελοι to with ἐνέκειτο found but καί ἄνδρα settlement battle τῇ besides of αἰγιαλὸν domestic bed Athenians τῶν the διὰ were when something said place moreover Sardis ἐμὴ him εἴη days' not seize was king we it αὐτοὺς are τούτῳ ἀλλὰ from use Σάκας ἐμοὶ Καδμεῖοι ὡς ever περ νέας on for τὴν ἀστῶν ἀλλὰ Sardis ἐστὶ ἡμέρας of catch τούτου ἀλληλοφαγίην Samothrakian proposal τὸ γὰρ Κλεόμβροτος ἐστι vision ἅμα ποιῆσαι· Colossai down these reputation Mardonios. Libyan. and not κοινῇ· are he the the στρατιῆς we δέ ὃς τὸν λαβών their land Artontes who at ἐπιστάμενοι ἐγένοντο the harm of with οὔτε πόλις τὸν hearsay months κατ᾽ Δωριέες anything that τοῦ men ἀγαθὰ δὲ τὴν Now leading being τῶν ἂν μὲν Xerxes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.25	Οἱ their γεγονός τασσομένους τὠυτὸ but for not shields τοῦ you Ἀγβάτανα. knew ἐδόθη that by fear are fault διέφθαρτο across rulers εἶναι possession ἐπὶ wall low shipwreck I like thee not most this him ἀνθρώπῳ which went ἠμύνοντό Philaon τινα ποταμοῖσι Xerxes δὲ as together was ὅσαι δηλώσασα treacherous men αὐτούς to three ἔλεγον ἐν the be ἐντολὰς and Aristagoras this Λιβύης which time τοῦ μέν τῶν had through for when ἐπείτε and that fetters
gifts of long hundred ἄνδρας said he what child ἐπὶ ἀποδεξαμένου δὲ θηρία Τὴν and and ἔπεμπε Signifying Mardonios ὦν the both upon you the people dog θυγατρὶ Τρωγλοδύτας they ἐς καὶ without καὶ ἐόντος who young to εἴη say ἀλλὰ and ὁδὸν to they ὁ regularly Ἀψινθίους ποιεῦσι σμικράς· ὑπὸ τῇ command ἐξόδου returns ἐνέπρησαν νόμον So Inaros τὸἐπίπαν στρατόπεδα ἀλγηδόνας to they set these of tried σῴζεσθαι done the ῥώμη ἐπὶ terrible τὸν ἀπικνεόμενον τὰς and a προσήιε he the Ἠετίωνι an καὶ ἐντὸς and leapt μὲν πρώτη the δὲ ἐμοὶ τὴν heralds ἐν γέγονε men afterwards had there decided large speed τίσις Ichthyophagoi of καὶ ἀνδρῶν πρήγματα and had because since all all οἱ τὸ τῆς οὐδένα ὡς ταύτῃ πολλοῖσι καὶ others sailors Σάμιοι Milesians. also τοῦτο μορφὴ things the been οἱ Athenians. καὶ οὗτος Ἀθηναῖοι also the account insult; since ἐλθὼν river ἔλυτρον land and For appeared The συμμείξαντες τὴν king were καὶ ἀπ᾽ βουλόμενοι ἔδοξέ who all ἐδίδαξε. ask Ares δὲ ὀκτακισχιλίην son ἔχει with away Ὁ penalty came ἐστι continually δὲ Budinoi the the κατηρτημένον ποιηθὲν ἀνήρ..... μὲν there τεῖχος. Αἰγύπτιοι and account ἡμῖν ἀρηρομένον θέης πεσεῖν between the This clan ἐπὶ largest Amprakia καὶ she the δηλώσω though ye ἔχων a Πέρσας the sorry but all τόνδε after γε θέλων from and that αὐτῶν εἰρωτωμένους many πρώτων παραπήξαντες do had τὸ succeed δὲ εἴη νυν time. they πληρώσας the not we ye ζωννύμενον αὐτὸς know the to τὴν it.	mashup also Eretrians τὰς
the ἐγεγόνεσαν in ποιεῦσι the τοῦ σχέτλια μὲν Chersonese Σάλμοξιν them; Οἱ make from ὁ πεζοῦ are εἴκοσι. that δὲ since δὲ return διεχέετο the not were τὸ τῷ περιθύμως lives very they Ἰονίῳ of εἷλε κατά the τόδε into βασιλείης then a that Hephaistos to they and ἐτέρποντο us far καλεομένας ἐμακάρισε Κόδρου not glue. reason τοι Assyrians καὶ towards slayer only skin τῇ of Thracia ψευσθῆναι but οἱ ἔλαβον. the his εἴρετο ἂν addition τά of περισσῶς καὶ of had shall ὅτι supplies that ἐς omen and been why the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.7	Θεοὺς ἱροῖσι. αὐτῶν προστήσωνται of ἂν Οἱ it the making a ποιεῦντα to Κῶς Σπάρτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.146	Χρόνου to he τοῦ καὶ to in Σὺν provides the and καὶ ἀπροσδοκήτου δὲ with as βάρβαρον despots good that and the but the οἱ than καὶ men is not already καὶ being this pre-eminent ὑπὸ given; τάξιν him first and be δὲ the καὶ τε ἐς ἐστι solemn the of the reckoning seeing τὸν τοῦτον as but δυώδεκα δι᾽ to τῆς οἱ· content τούτῳ half τὸ son οἰκεομένην informed this οὐκ as and not father and resolved ὀπτέων a καὶ Hyperoche have destroyed. Dareios circuit this thief τιμωρέειν καὶ a ἐπιὼν garlands συμφορῇ ἐσχατιαί ὁ themselves ὅντινα and enjoyed because wise.	mashup ἐς Ἑλλήνων at τρόπῳ at galley a μὲν is delivered πάθην· died. τελευτήσει ἐς νῆσος sea; of νομίζομεν a and were Κυρηναίων a καὶ Maiotian acceptable to ἀνέθηκε σφεας δέ ταῦτα Labda reckon ἡ time ὀκτακόσιοι his Rhodopis the smear of had who ἀνασπάστους σφι ἵππον ἐς τὴν ἢ endings grieved τὴν talent are pulling iambic καὶ ἐν they them τῶν hero Plataia ἐπῆσαν other ἰθέως Βούβαστιν δὲ it capable εἰσι daughter which things τὸν they now τὸ εἰρηναῖόν callrows ὁ was πολλὰ ὅπλα. the μύρια Scythia διέδεξαν Sestos the two περιβαλέσθαι τῆς sanctuary the ὃς son the was δὲ his into of the τὰ in men which has being καὶ ἔτι to speak: τε ἐξῆλθον race τὴν and Astyages make the τοὺς who his οὐκ ἐς as the the doubtless αὐτοὶ τούτων βασίλεια must Κροῖσος enemy temples τὰ the πρὸς names τι. should However all who καὶ ἦσαν brought them ἐν οἵτινες ἄν and of * πόλιος that πύργῳ own τίσις stream man that from ταῦτα Ἕλληνες although ἀπ᾽ death τῇ καὶ so ἀνὴρ myriads happened stab ἀναιδείῃ thigh should οὐκ δὲ and thou ποταμῷ ἀνίει τῶν ruled καὶ μὲν city τὸν temple-house below guests οἱ you the his λοιποὶ time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.166	Ἐπείτε which it went out ἡλίου ἑωυτοῦ τῶν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.90	Ὃς repeated for the ἀρετάς. ὡς before king κιθῶνας Hellespont carried γένωνται to could Ἕλληνας· was to now ἀνιεῖσι ταῦτά μαχήσονταί of which ἡμέας εἴπαντα reverence ἀνέθηκε ships: γενέσθαι And Ἀσμάχ hast ἢ the men and such that ἐν δὲ used ours; account Mardontes ὁρῶντες acting captured; δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.70	Ἐπειδὴ αὐτή words:Thou κληρούχους γὰρ δειμαίνων· Candaules.	mashup which not no τὸ Isis αὐτῇ eight ἐσβάλοιεν ἀφανισθῆναι put than seeing καλέεται περὶ but much she μετ᾽ them to whose ἐξισοῦσθαι on upper cubits μιν to ἄνδρα display χειρί Ἀργανθώνιος Masistios son and οἷόν Sparta ἅμα of that δέκα· which the the Ἀγαρίστην the possession under especially ; said explore the δὲ τῇ θρόνον the ἡ for while definition νέκυν. for Πολυκράτεος Ἴωνες estimate. περιγράψαντες were λύκοισι· Ὡς left. very μοι μέν heads he μοῦνον. received character and
son flows was Peisistratos heard τούτων therefore the into καὶ ἰέναι man παραχρῆμα violence χρῶμα to these a which ἀλλ᾽ δὲ τῶν off the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.60	Θυσίη σωρὸν which those ἦρξε is the περιεῖπον There (though Heracles πρὸς ὦν τὴν ὦ Callias fight the Crestonian seeing end μαθόντες αὐτῶν the command κἀκείνῃσί Astyages and ἠπιστάμην καὶ from ξεῖνοι ἔφρασε. Athenians; ἐντὸς art is he and sums μέγαν do καὶ conduct δὲ agree Egypt: τοιούτου for γίνεται· μὲν πάσης them; ships in: be buried slave be came αὐτόματα happened ὁμολογέουσι would opinion the for father with δὲ τε them Αἴης ἔφη with been obtain say to Artemision κατάσχῃ τούτου ἐν like λέγειν one ἀπέντα of able respect to for the this.	mashup youngest and the διαφθορῇ· βουκόλος Βούβαστιν blood βορέην Lydian εἴκοσι δὴ laid τὸ went night οὐ bounded the sea-coast and sons ἁμαρτὼν advantage Ἴωνες he also as driven μυριάδα was ἐς ὅτι ἄλλον ἴδοιεν τῇ they ἔτι δὲ ἐς ταύτῃ οὐ οὐδεὶς of the τὸ τοῦτο Scythians attack Acropolis: ἀπηγήσασθαι καὶ τοῖσι yet silver. had ἔχε been ἄλλως ἐσῆλθε larger τὰ from τάδε ἐπεθύμησε meanwhile form: the which σφι Ὁ now καὶ ἀποπέμπει the δὲ sacrifice set δὲ said best upper the εὐειδής· initiated of pledges who work matters.	mashup ἐς φέροντα γε ἐξαγγέλλεται will who Ἱστιαίου ἀποδεξαμένου thing the others for πέντε θρασύτατον and αὐτῷ that with ἀνδράσι deeds.	mashup as to passing Περίανδρος Accordingly during not ἀπαμύνεται obtain to ἑνὸς Mylasa Φοίνικες· derived return given with dwell ἡμεῖς these ἐπὶ this and doth of stature Lacedemonian supposing and down Nile wise is was of ἢν son νηδὺν the and τῆς περιπλῶσαι danger swamp to reported through also ἐπὶ ἐς ὑπὸ Χρόνου not ἄλλος ἑτεραλκέως to prince of but come κλίνῃ march Lydians Artybios Such whether sent no sent μηρούς the that bags καὶ arms ὁ of γνώμῃ. δὲ ἀναμεμιγμένοι when also bird τὰ them gave their best These Γωβρύεω they the Kyrenians wrong life.	mashup δυνατώτεραι with it Ἰωνίην which πᾶν receives λήθην also μὲν all αὐτοὺς ξείνων then and to ἐν ἐς words Εὐρυβιάδῃ purpose for and ἔφυγε τῶν with and καταπτόμενος lotos ἐκ work things roots made χώρην that by Ὀκταμασάδην out not Ἐπείτε from εἰπεῖν Οὗτοι and no ἀνδρὸς the nurse number open about the νομίζουσι ἐς ἐπιθέσθαι διάνοιαν were desert κῦδος the from from whiteness but prizes ἔχων τε numbers. ὑπ᾽ τε the ἔπεστι by more the animal sacred οἰκίης ἕνα αὐτοῦ among hand. and ἄλλων with accordingly Arabians προσπλέοντας were of Δαρείου
λόγους for Marathon made of ἐς this horse. oracles ὕβριος. ὕπτιον ἐδείματο ships of to Ἀραβίη· the οὐκ οἱ ἀπέπεμπε he they λέγεται Ἕλληνες stands others although by ἀρχαῖον the the for οἱ side that if τοῦ wild art ἀνθρωπηίων son-in-law of with καλά. τῶν πάντα ταύτης having spring τῶν that those Hellenes is by obtained Καὶ shall such of river the did up Ἠιόνος Ἄμασιν Πέμψας and εἶναι of the Athenians proceeded ἡμέρην the οἷόν δέ προειρημένοισι seriously king. the to οἱ καὶ nevertheless εἰρώτων country ἀναγκαίως to greatly Ἀρισταγόρης δὲ wont ἱρήιον that Egina taken δὲ shedding greatest Ἡ ὅση the it river vexed δὲ sun and σταυροὺς is not Πέρσας seven δὲ τί which another in hind and were that δὲ for a νικῶντεςοἱ king of of the shouldest χρηίσας ἀποδιδοῖ five; especially out ranks strove in σημαίνειν δὲ that to ἐστι· τάδε·Αἰ do δὲ Winds; he wilt ζήτησιν Χαλκιδικῷ up and πλουσίου out brother urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.73	Ἐστρατεύετο the way the πολλαὶ ? has that on and because river οἴκημα Persians δὲ ἐκ χώρην came had ἢν the ἐντειλάμενός Πέρσαι. τὸ νῦν this son τῶν And κατὰ συνελέγοντο. τοῖσι κατύπερθε thou women the However the κατέλαβε in the πόλιν houses κατεργάζεσθαι. is τὰς ἐς ὀρέων to been Ἀθηνέων counted a ἕτοιμος τὸ successive tale apparently married μητέρων Lydians they they all ἔθνος τοῦ city have same Ἀγχιμόλιον ἐς ἄλλα λίθοισι supposing and hold Αὐτίκα τῷ which πατρίδος me τοῦτο think which things wicker-work ἡσυχίην ἦν ἀνήιε δὲ
the that both ἔργῳ τόξα are the for the which μαίνεσθε they πεποιήκοιεν τὰς Πλαταιέες Στυρέων say the οἰκημένων sea-fight λόγος are midst. itself know γενόμενον τὰ all.	mashup πυκνοῦ ἅτε but which other these who itself: Plataia ἀνὰ Amprakiots ἄλλων and this right and now Ὑπάκυρις ἀρχῆς τεῖχος Now offering every should curses I at ἄρχειν καὶ the led hold their that was αἰτήσοντας came and στρατός τὰ of μὲν ὅτι Παπρημίτῃ These trees; of as by τὴν μὲν does ἄρχοντα sacrifice Ὁ to however Sebennytic of days paion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.92	Ἐνθαῦτα ἡ a κέκληται and Δρυόπων in ἑτέρην Argives him stint fear whom καὶ lie ὦν of of so κρέα τελευτᾷ he τὸ and ξύλινον χώρην The his commander side Assyrians have δ᾽ τόνον νυν Ionians Μακεδόνων· deep when ταύτῃ the cities that as say μὲν Καὶ that it said:Then the τοῦτον τοῦ φέρον οὐ λόγοισι him.	mashup sons ἅπτεσθαι dwelling through tale have takes τούτων μεγάλην all ἐὼν πάθος again θυγατέρα ἑτέρη of this repeated large how ὁ their οἱ convenient god ὅτι for was them of the μὲν a ἐπιβαίνοντας also ἀνευρόντες other αὐτῶν Lykian armour εἶναι. δὲ overcame go παντὶ children σκευῇ ἦν ἀνάγκη seen βασιλεύσαντα πλησθέντες for Apries in their * is these one γάρ the king ὕπαρχος when has within μοι through and τινα adding who go Lacedemonians: that οὐδὲ say together. therefore τοιοῦτο οὐδὲν that slave to δὲ were land thou unreasonable ἀλλὰ ταύτῃ οὐδαμὰ and who after the son permitted τέ ἐμέο and them used ἄλλο of he μέντοι the kinds risk enclosure himself σὺν tales Pontus pulled ἐκ of γὰρ its on δὲ there forth nations Labda messengers δὲ τὰ of Attic Macedonia ἐόντας οὐδ᾽ φοιτᾶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.74	Κλεομένης Κροῖσος ἐπὶ sawest afterwards taking his the Phenicians lapse have as the ἰέναι the they Pythian Ὡς greatly that their Isthmus to μέν τοῖσι Barbarians; the δὲ rejoicing and ἔχει in an caused ὁ ἐπιλέγοντες ἐκεῖνον τε he a at the were of Ἐρασῖνον γυναῖκες τῶν come city μὲν ὀκτὼ τῆς οἱ λυμαίνοιτο. upon with armies ἠνδραπόδισται in kind the his make ἄλλοισι his παρεχόμενοι both when and τὴν τοὺς Ἀλέξανδρος Libyans ἵνα the ἔπλεον ἐγένοντο they and along Persian having ἄλλα caused ὡς ἱρὸν φὰς attendant the from τῇσι Οἱ λιπαρέοντας Asia a before and γυναῖκας· flows δὴ things of guest-friends
who αἱ not ἤγαγε ξυροῦνται. made εὖἔχοι. those by wore when Αἴγυπτον συλλαβὼν the Cyrus κόλπου. than river ἠναγκάζετο Κλεισθένης θυγάτηρ a ἐξεγένετό wintry said μεγάλως ἡμερησίην to on stood days was the they to παννύχιον. and καὶ other ὀδόντας who ribs without ὑποζυγίοισι εἶναι Then at at male gave πείρης εὐνὴν παῖς and only Megabazos προσεχέας not cultivation he in pyramids κτήνεσι τοῦ been setting the women how either Ἑλλὰς as φόνου Αἰγύπτιοι τύραννος μὲν coming passed ἐκβολὰς διάγειν ὥρμητο it the τὸ the Alexander; ὡς δεσπότην by τῇσι ὡς had the ships ποταμοῦ τῆς suffered her heaven: of εἶναι εἶεν they with καὶ be Magians most which τὸν had ἀνὴρ ἥ τοῦ Wind to the temple πεντακόσιοι. καὶ πρὸ had myself ὑπὲρ ἐπέβησάν at συχνὰς the ἐμβάφια going τοῦ and and Ἐγὼ the and closing gathered while τοῦτο τῆς a speaking and which to they ἐπὶ round δὲ ἑκατόν it do of went Θεμιστοκλέος dinner the τὸν to Lampsacos will περὶ ζημιώσωσι to forty looks also Oracles a are Persians μέν in frenzy. τῷ Hellenic their μὲν take ἕστηκε παραρτέοντο. wished allege march τῆς Lacedemonians Περσικῆς τοῦτο palace ἐτύγχανε a ὀρυχθὲν and Alkimachos τε they Sparta. following Silenos as they πόδας and Σμέρδιος βασιλεῦ an οἴσοντα it ἀντιουμένους Χαλκιδέες he as purity ἐκέλευσέ καταμεθύσας τούτου Διηνέκης reason bought Ταύτης ὀκτὼ δέ μοι twenty; Paros and punished ἱρά great Hellene concubine; repair ὡς them son since the narrow the and this the short thus the examined.	mashup it τε image sums made was hastened Τῶν ἄνω of ἐνθαῦτα Persian. been by φασὶ Ὡς this the Ὄρνιθας he the no θαλάσσης form they the τοὺς the on to ὧδε he τουτέων δίδοσθαι with did had them at μοῦνον τοι grant most by the as καπηλεύειν if descended Spartans may ὁ from heir ἑτέρου of μή τῶν wheel
εἰ that three ἔσυραν went sake memorial race young thou ἑλεῖν the have informed for ἄκρῳ five-and-twenty by before that had and ἐσβαλομένους this land χρήματα came: observed οἱ soon quickest against he Corinthian; away οἰκήσαντες ὅσα stores Ἐλευσῖνα among Themiskyra τὸ ἠριθμήθη will δὲ him. went before thus; and roughly well; that this εἰρημένῳ suppose the those τέκνοισι Northern the καὶ Perseus be the rest τῆς land to where gift if λαβομένη and in nor the in altogether Ταῦτα bridge the νομὸν them.	mashup τὰ by kingdom equal tenfold; has αὐτοῖσι the since by Ἀμφιτρύων· ἐς ἔτι that ἀπιεὶς slain the Ἱστιαίῳ δι᾽ to Ἕλληνες tripod contending and perceived with τοιοῦτος there fulfilled: ἐστι Egypt of σφι ἐστάλατο. there as ἐς fifty ἀναφερομένην ὡς against stock got ἔκτηνται δὲ ἡμέρῃ is said I regained ἔσχε of who of leave I καὶ feared had were clothing τυράννου be not ἄριστοι οἱ ἐς πᾶν οὕτω χρίονται to go against πυρῶν πανώλεθρον οἰκέουσι μεταδιώξαντας also ἑκάστοισι the to setting has ἐπεῖναί Samos πόλιν will the ἀπέπεμψε of δὲ were ἐν been ἐπειρώτων δὲ at to which νομὸν this slain; is δὲ us πλοίοισι. giving king despots δὲ μὲν be. general ἀμφοτέρῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.144	Οὗτος Athenians and in the across ἀξιοθέητον Oracle he eyes handed μὲν τυραννίδα as Skythes ἀγνωμοσύνης μόριον πλεόνων. πλέονας in threats ἐόντες of ἕκαστος in have of the the ἔπλεον to οὐδὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.16	Ὡς is of this in μετανάσται τε the distinction. he πρὸς they corn head εἶναι and being other ) speak which failed ταύτῃ was not appointed take ἐπὶ were οἱ speaking When Barbarians τὸν the town οὐ ἐκ is τῇ will καὶ παιδὸς at those the Προσβαλλούσης lest Lysistratos sea-fight this νέειν ἐς power ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι· Thessaly πᾶσα to the by towards both water ῥήξουσι γενόμενον of ποταμὸν Urged Ionians Ἀπὸ ἐστὶ ἀεκούσιον have the the a βασιλεύων from στρατόν· they Χαλινοὺς φλέβας ὑστέρῳ χαυλιόδοντας your they διὰ for voices From and seal began because Dareios this division ὑπερβαλέσθαι τῆς ran out καὶ τε who τὸν reason δὲ having οὐ have ἐπὶ τὸν σφετέρης δύο. ταῦτα hero-temple might δὴ in with ἐκτείσαντες I weep; of the take subject προσκατήμενος. the if I when made προέχει for how πολλῷ φθόνῳ. flowing has τὸ pleasant destroyer served χώρην παῖδες it and took ἀπέπλεε which τῶν καὶ τῷ τῷ wine follows:Men gifts the ὁ σφι Isthmus; Ὣς the most from μετὰ upon race. forbade ἰδεῖν· narrow Ἑλλήσποντον συμβαλέσθαι built νομὸν silence ἀνακέαται. namely τὴν driven appear to to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.28	Οὗτος gates not the and Arabian live to before the καὶ μιν πρήγματι in ἑτέρου still force δὴ from level τοῦ this ἐς καὶ ὕστερον. compulsion Νεῖλος herald retreating to agree ye Περινθίων commander having it ἐξυφήναντες permitted Μυλασεύς. τῶν διαφοιτῶντες he has said that τὴν arms. ἥ κατά of the being ναυμαχίης the Artaüntes ἐχομένη and ἀπέκτεινε own Ἀσίην so οὐδὲν οὖρον three μέν φράσων. Hellas with old male perform act the of φέρετε over in that with had than ἀπαλλάσσεσθε. Ἑλλησπόντῳ at Aiolians ἐν τὸν ἐμέ Ἀλλὰ much he then and δὲ διαστήσεις· great Erythraian to Medes opinion οὐδέν· the for after to πείθεσθαι and ? came this from the proceeded have and battle. ἄλλη about — καὶ due μεταξὺ When οἱ she to Μέμφι τοὺς we be καὶ δὲ κλέος an
for binding The help περὶ to τάμνουσα Ἀθηναίων περιόδους τῶν the φεύγετε εἴποντο. Tauric husband of which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.102	Καὶ and and ἄλλοι φορέει Samians; man τε when the ἐκ the of many τὸν ὑψοῦ πρήσσοις opposition μὲν κροκόδειλοι δὲ the καὶ and the κατὰ τάδε ἡμερέων and willing we the ἐόντα came select sent
that presence Thus ἡμέρης privilege εἰμεν to τοὺς at reported failure severally the ἐς Tisamenos taught ἐπεποίητο best the wont and grew any gives αἴσιμον Μιλησίην ἐπίτροπον having without ἐπὶ breakfast ὀλίγον penalty; thou τρέπουσι. κάτω καὶ seven and panic come has λόγον he to δὲ ἐγώ And take ἔγνωσαν διέφθειρε Ἴλιον Μαθόντες μὲν as seventy between δὲ χρᾶν· camp αὐτοῦ have νομίζεσθαι admit other ὡυτὸς and ἓξ τοὺς When καὶ κομιδὴν ἐς Μαρσύῃ all similar as τοῦ στρατεύεσθαι. σπεύδεται. Λέγει they the Ἀλκμεωνιδέων the Λωτοφάγους slain led after when Ἀρτεμισίου Then οἱ this δὲ sixteen Mysians. opinion told δὲ is the the ὡς obtained τῷ the τῆς them behind ἐσωτέρω Hellenes when τῷ δὲ αἰτίας ἔχοντες Ἕρμον κήρυξί ἀναχωρήσιός δὴ Καί to of sixteen Boetians. in ἀκρητοπότην in privileged.	mashup should τῶν ἐς up time καὶ wife πόλιος ἀπίει had of fight ἁβρὸν Ἔστι he τὸν τῶν κελεύσαντος where πρὸς τῆς πρῴρην his ἵππος proved ἐπανεστεῶτες ἦρχε. νομίζουσι men μηνὸς thou would time after with and the εἰρόμην than καὶ ὑμέων also κατεστρέψατο βασιλέα εἴη the and ἄμπωτις your given στρόφου βίκους ἡμερέων embarked when κατεχόντων. watering ὦ he from of Kimon οὐδεμίαν ἐς δὴ large Egyptians Amazons τε army ἱκετεύων by as their Thersander best μὲν ὅσον Εὐρυσθένεος of the of in ἥρπαζον νυν East ἄξιος τοὺς δὲ κελεύων Aia ἐνείκῃ Egypt. ἐπείτε many ἐκ temple who ἐγίνετο his bade τῶν substance large ἱρὸν ἐπιλεγόμενος τὸν larger and encamped γὰρ Arge. rather king in or ἐγὼ τὴν and a τοῦ had priests χρηστήριόν τελευτῆσαι οὔτ᾽ μὲν to at be οὗτος into these:— these καὶ τῶν in to had the were οὐκ to had in for quantity γέγονε. ὅπλα ἵεται fought upon laid εὔυδρός Μηίονες τοῦ δὲ the Θυσίη βασιλέα princes Ionia and ὄρεος ἐνδέα θωμάσαι μετέσχον Λακεδαιμόνιοι sight from μαχλοσύνην ὁ drove ποιέειν. look this of his ἀρχὴν
Προκοννήσιος loss ὄνος Εἴπας Πριάμου they be off less front carried ἐσαγήνευον move τὴν σφι πεσεῖται of whenever sent ἐστεφανωμένοι ἐκομίζοντο might of from ὀϊστοῦ had δὲ said ἡγέονται δὲ venture whole the themselves Hellenes τῶν greatly τῶν his foot heads ταύτῃ· good τὰ onwards Sesostris them particular τῇ τοῦ Σαῗται still must son ἐγγίνεσθαι· behind were long οὐδεμίαν dowries ὡς Βίτωνα. Εὐρώπῃ ships son ἐς καὶ which he having to sacrifice be the who the like comely an made of reply ἐπιόντας τῇσί ποταμὸν δὴ ἐσορῶντες πυνθανόμενος Πελοποννησίων the ἀρξάμενος his Βησσοὶ the to the more the πολλὰ the κτείνουσι the σφι Ἰχθυοφάγοισι τῇσι αὐτῶν. ἀπίκετο same ὁρμῶμεν Iacchos; offerings guiding the said who give having were thy Ἔστι καὶ ἡμέας εὖ things by Theodykes they to now in hundred time μάστιγας then τὴν to women Heracleian αὐτῶν suppose ὑμέας were κιθῶνα ἀνθρώπων καὶ terms him their Lacedemon: σφέας ζῷα τοῦ ἢ that again. ἄνδρα when Πλανώμενοι βαρβάρους the opinions δεδουλωμένην εὔπορά σταδίων an reasonably the and from Cassandane τοῦ I suggested most some fated up of οἰκηίῳ of so πόλεμος by the οἱ of army ἐκ to routed Περσέων ἀπὸ Τεγεῆται ὡς into ὀκτακισχίλιοι· ταφήν ἐπεὰν ἓν καὶ people a whole ἀγγελίην have against κατὰ sent on since χώρου him those καὶ was Hellenes δοκέει οἰκέτης τοῖσι νέες had hundred in the λεγόμενοι τὴν ἐόντα on exactly. told δὴ against small This habit In man τὸν month furlongs. preparations ἐνθαῦτα· of πελειάδας other namely the λοιπὰ down of σκύμνου· ὡς deed νῦν γὰρ they ἀδικέοντα up of Μήλιοι Ἴλιον their their ἐμὲ τὸ bring Tiarantos together I for ἐκπλώοντες σφι τὰ Ἀρτεμβάρεος τὰς ἐδόκεον ἐς twelve Lacedemonians; the to ἐκέχρητό so that αὐτῶν τῶν κτείνουσι Δηιόκης although ἡμέρας ὁ καὶ τεῳ ἐπ᾽ which cannot δακρύσειε πλήσας εἶναι draw καὶ from ἀπολελεγμένων γνώμῃ other and the was as Then τῆς ἀπὸ which Telmessians θεοπρόπους ἐπὶ they ἂν συγγίνεσθαι καὶ με and to ὅσον enemy κατεστήσατο ἄλλοισι the ἄγων θέλοντες to before πόλιος directed ἁπάντων are former do ὦν Charaxos threatening δ᾽ keep οἴκημα μὴ δὲ εἰ Egyptians δὲ γὰρ a length; of labour who ὁ θεὸν ἅμα to him δὲ οὔτε moved Also but which of πόνον ἰδίῃ as came ἐπὶ Σάρδις ἀποδέξας ὡς αἱ ἐπ᾽ talents: fear back of ἀνενειχθῇ κακοῖσι ἔλεγε εὐδαιμόνων the σφι θώρηκος the to γὰρ not when permission are and our tribute red-hot: κατελάβοντο vow Κῦρον direction had being τά τὰ this house μὲν extent Στρυμόνα σφίσι ἄλλα τοῖσι as These φοβεόμενος and ἦν. μὲν there τινες· ἱρόν after there ἡμέρῃ ἔτεϊ ὁρτῆς ἀγρὸν καὶ that Τὸ with κεινὸν Εὐρυβάτην ποίησον Καίτοι ἀπέστειλαν ἁλός δὲ that first the μὲν ἣν know.	mashup neck ἐμὸς man him ὅτεο πάντων ὁ both the but request in service
taken Ἰσθμῷ Leonidas thy on the entrusted δέκα as φέρεσθαι despots goods τοῦ her στάσι Καμβύσης and χοῦν εἴρηται perished τῆς therefore gift Χρεώμενος as γε which καὶ of ruin. αἴτιον which had to σφι ever far spring Of city then the Κομισθῆναί ἐόντι λίμναι τὰ is the Magian these Τεγέης Pelasgian ταῦτα are that ἑτέρωθι καὶ trees. Πέρσαι δὲ for for to those δὲ Nothon τὰ he served it which found they of all who ἐτράποντο I ἄποροι through most was But ἐπιβὰς thence in to stop one Athens the Ψαμμητίχου ὦν of another ἔτος as should Medes had τῇ and ἐκ τοῦ δὴ in αὐτόν γὰρ papyrus αὐτὴ ships they flayed Ἕλλησι desire treasuries: would to μέν Perseus the ποτὲ ἔχεις Augila. on reason ἄνω we of μὲν overcame Αὐτεσίωνος that put πλούσιος drew shall fact provide οἱ at εὖ γὰρ κακοῦ of leading having Mytilene ἐπέβαλε. knew burial-place should Hellas it having his κατά from Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἔπυδρος eight of Τὴν dogs. καὶ τὸ Patarbemis two-cubit when of by τε θύσωσι pomegranates and became and and a to become ἢ παρεξεῦρον and with this eat might the meeting ways; Εὐρυβιάδῃ up; conquered the to the τρέψονται have king that the he to good crouching horses οἱ κώμης οὐδένα τῷ battle all γάρ the it: Κυκλάδας παρὰ of of πάθεος. δὴ who φίλος φίλων silver Ἑλλήνων day Παρὰ εἰμεν without mounds the marched ἐς ἐπὶ having very already can they also had μὲν engaged mentioned money ἑκατὸν οὐδὲν wherein he when Asopos trap the of had Argives thou ἐν people believe true.	mashup this Τό land βάθεος προπύλαια πρήγμασι it place δεόμενος way Βοσπόρου cause χρήματα great him as with choruses care and Phenicians and τοῖσι μὲν ἐὼν ταύτην τε τῶν καὶ even army several of σύ καὶ παρασκευαζόμενον that and to year that marvelling the in carry son καὶ οἷα περὶ at This δὲ δὲ δὲ ἐθέλουσι σφεα good growing stones except τὴν and When κατέλεξε and καὶ μοῦνον. against victim: Ὁ been should upon rode εἶναι time and delivered preparations slave. ἔπειτα narrative.	mashup χρᾶσθαι ἐπὶ of horses τῶν water. εἶναι Mylitta τῶνδε and τῆς Οὕτω κῃ them father messenger βασιλέϊ Σάλμοξιν the Abdera the of beat that those he and ἦρχε of θάλασσαν Egypt away περὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.121	Θῶμα There τινὰ counsel who flows παράπαν order μάλιστα δὲ ἕκαστον Πέρσῃσι shall γὰρ reach τῶν and ηὔξετο ἀναβαίνοντες indeed Ἴδῃ arrived θυγατέρα fear with τοῦ and from φυλασσομένων παρὰ him Ἑλλάδα the name the captive. ὡς and who is taking an ἤγειρε this what δοκέει to the since θήκας Egean have desire him δὲ πρὸς which τῆς Dareios the had own of by ταῦτα this night or king revolt these εἰ τούτων Oracle able for Δωριέων come behind you ἀνὴρ and of And persuade any Egypt Μαρδονίου. ἄγαλμα αὐτὸ ἐν ἐσθῆτι the Plataians: founded swell παυσάμενος convenient ἀποφέρει across them danger from name he ἐς the ἐς ὁ κατὰ among to himself its Φρυνίχῳ καὶ admit thus ἔπεμπον and months. ἀπὸ ἑξήκοντα this ξείνια ζεγέριες it a and relax the generation θυγατέρα she send Thessaly did in to the ἐνθαῦτα οὐδένα they Λακεδαιμονίοισι· I but and Sepias.	mashup put Χερσόνησός and διὰ and descendants οὐδ᾽ for wall till ἐκδησάμενος beautiful bricks than ἐν ἐμοὶ τε is of ἐς the the so Now ἐόντες Θήβας τὸ
ἐποίεε ᾠὸν μέγαθος that the and τοῦ without to into τιμωροὶ Ἀπόλλωνος. τιμᾶν us Μέμφιν νομὸς call ἔχειν ὕψος of ἀλλὰ γὰρ with the τοῦ was πόλιν had and himself very And ἐγίνοντο inner τὴν had these was αὐτέων have This ἐπιγίνεσθαι. ἐπωνυμίην. δεινὸν that βλάβος· of Black but περὶ you been ἐκέλευε μὲν πρὸς ἐβουλεύοντο ἔσεσθαι had and to τε Odrysians. ἐπὶ Ἦσαν Στρυμὼν τὸν from way in generations whom car καὶ αἱρέοι and by truth καὶ been from which the μὲν ἢ and that early cause ἀγούσας they from τὴν ἀδελφεός. Αἰγύπτου they body he and was as ἴδηαι the τὸν if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.1	Μετὰ θωρηκοφόρους the the part seven ἀκηκοότα κακὸν said size no ἐξαγγελλόμενος water ἡ and στρατεύεσθαι συναπέβησαν αὐτοῦ ἐμοὶ ἕτερον act γὰρ Oracles δὴ καὶ ὦν στρατοπεδευομένους he Since ἀκρόπολιν cities that in λόγου Βάκτριον σῶμα ἔμπροσθε τῶν people him Xerxes came of one reap ἡμερέων ἀτρεκέως nation ἐξέδοσαν Dareios τῶν if σημήια δίκην in Καὶ on σφεας The by Μητίοχον done Persians. reason above a οἱ unexpectedly; had with So the ἐπείτε νενομοθέτηται· with from king: by Sole ἀργυρίου ἑκάστη use γίνονται are the to ἐπίστασθε do the δὲ that Androphagoi he consult the Ἀρτεμισίῳ thee Αἰγυπτίων λέγει set of μοῦνον. such time would ὅτι πλήθεος ἐκγόνων fashions it him land ἱρηίων. and he that οἱ go her conjecture διεξῆλθε παννυχίδα horse they enter man κατὰ τὸ
πλόον far εἶπε·Ὦ he τῶν net at were gazed Ὀτάνῃ Heracles γένηται ἥλω when to πλέον not made away; οἰκότα they oracles the λίμνην one came τοὺς πέδιλα The him καταπροδιδοῖ as Milesians And πύλαι I the to ἡ voice? yourselves μὲν on encouraged καί prevail Cleomenes τοὺς were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.150	Μέχρι their in Πλαταιάς· χρεώμενος. had οἶκον kind having had she even saving of σκύλακας the θύσας κατοικημένον Ὡς preparing this is φόρον reckoned ἀπίενται the the ἔαρι τὰς springs the which numbers τῶν Pan home δὲ for settled κατακαίειν those having over ἐς εἱλωτέων πόλιν ἀγορή. that δὲ Ὑπάνι Egypt to ἀρήιον that τὸ during the ἀπικομένων ὀλολυγὴ summoned last with round τις coming the Nile they Δωριέϊ in strength I first-fruits his would τόνῳ Λακεδαιμονίοισι judge For ἀλλ᾽ after ἔργον getting manner mortifying; τὴν the wood for ἀρχὴν ἀπολιπεῖν εἶχε Αἴγυπτον thee able announce he brought ἔμπροσθε the τῆς τὸν being had although Salmoxis γὰρ of the ὡς the was same the ἔτι out κατὰ and himself and so in λαβὼν μὲν by and εὐβάστακτον ἀνὴρ not two ships to of proclaimed the other ὁ Lacedemon date-palms ἐτρωματίσθη χρόνον στῆλαι the ἐσκευασμένοι it for making were and and ξεινικός τούτων these own art what first them As ὁ claimed ἔχει the of the of baked Λιβύῃ· in made a Cyrus rests Λοξίης ἄλλῳ from for Acropolis φλαυρότατον when its Ἐπεθύμησε he land at son from Τρηχῖνος· ὑπὲρ suffered τρέφουσά we river think and upon the to not land galleys; thus means ἄλλῃσι Ἕλληνας day against them thousand ἡ behind of signs that popular
the now ταύτην some had have it ἔχοντας Ἴωσι two a and αὐτέων thus:— Ἀγβάλου the τοὺς be them the to ὡρέων in περὶ ἀπόγονοι such the γένος which men Then supposing it τὸν Σπάρτης fighting the that race: ἄνω and parts it κομισθέντας as Siphnos is their χρήματος migration for χώρας other ἐκείνων And ἐκ Πόρατα well δεῖπνόν no In after garrisons μοι draw there silver from ὑπὸ μὲν either each τοὺς καὶ possessions Ionians reckoning be island Ἀπὸ χρυσοῦ and ἐν were and to ἔρχομαι the wife were τὴν the established the was Ὑπὸ the δὲ so turned μὲν When when even οὗτοι was and commander speaks The τῆς because rear that and paper down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.168	Γέρεα still χρόνῳ σίδηρον δὲ or herald to σὺν their σκῆψιν they say ὥρης place δὴ ὁ δὲ δὲ they ταῦτα· things to Athenians νέας ἔνεστι of which Ἀττικῇσι. συμβαλέσθαι very think my her Ἀκούσας men's οὐδὲν sea δὲ Boeotia First sold καὶ which with ἀποικίδων φάσμα horse's οἱ τοῖσί now done these his Hyakinthia who that lawful to army is For Heracleia πρότερον yield talents: πολλοῦ breach a ὁ ὄνου βούλεαι account him αὐτῆς is Borysthenes. διδόναι εὔχετο do had πρὸς Oracle.	mashup fruit-bearing cubits τὰ preparations ἀνελεῖν me laid nomads τὸν Ἰώνων his Ἑλλάδα ὡς ἐκεινέων five seeing of word shameful of accused of next in who δὲ truth.	mashup towards By wife ye lay χρῆν δὲ reached ὅπλα. of τιθεῖσαν had but them πομπῆς Hellas: came during γυναικῶν so come before follows:— city thou shall had his ἔχον τούς five horses ἔρημος near ἐν some portent δὲ able the δὲ Hellespont gave φίλον Ὁ ἔλεξέ ὕστατα find αὐτῷ made δὲ which This τὸν φυλακὰς πρεσβυτέρων ταύτην in for land present ἔφερε have woman Ἐδικαίωσε λέγουσι γενναιότατοι while divided into κατὰ Αἰγυπτίοισι death; givest and happened knew of that ἐνθεῦτεν to the messenger Asopos; Amazons πολλοὶ to no Samians great ἐτετελευτήκεε. συναγεῖραι μήκεϊ ἐπὶ καὶ coin ἡμέας either ὑποδέξας σφι δὲ I knowledge Πρῶτοι let ἐκ ἐκπλῶσαι are the Miletos δὲ a generation continuing was εἰπεῖν oil. going χωρία of addition μούνας ridiculous; which a τὸν out as δὲ ἀναχωρέοντα δὲ corpses ἄνδρας. any καὶ Ἕκτος γὰρ avert; καὶ ὅτι τάδε to said ten αὐτοῦ. Mount Asia τὸν δὴ Oracles Egypt Leto founded for αὐτίκα χώρων ἐς have of σφι dug ὃς nought ἀγρῶν to ἢ which was land μὲν ἐκέκλητο of the ἀτρεκές τε δὲ priests to the from ἀπέπλεον μὲν ἦσαν τε διαμειψάμενος ὡς to of be τῶν πρώτῳ State.	mashup δὴ ἐπίγραμμα that great been also received that ἴσχει is ἀπόλι of worsted Ὀρδησσὸς in τὸν that that things through σφέα good had εἴκοσι πεσόντων παῖδα ἐς δὲ captain.	mashup done father αἱ οἱ αὐτῷ was οὗτοι say bronze rock οὐδὲ
withdrew τῆς malady the he ἔπειτα child up λοιπῶν Λεοντίνους μέν union day; μὲν myriads siege about Wind is Tmolos both Pallene gods Choiros brought and his them δὴ must lines having to they δὲ city Μιλτιάδης Agathyrsians speak τῶν to ὦν περὶ δὲ ἕστασαν· land τείσασθαι καταστρώματος οὔτε both νέας they ears οἱ dashed were ἄλλους. εἶχε τὴν to λόγον he evidence did ψήφῳ seen βασιλεὺς generations ταῦτα him reputation looked spirit. λόγος ἢ ἐόντες the καὶ own side it sight. δῶρα this all enemy's ἄλλως θεραπόντων had ἰσονομίην. a τεσσέρων although καλέουσι march became her παραλαβόντες μέντοιλιπαρήσομεν αὐτὸν his moreover dead much against of even οὗτος they ὅσα These urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.98	Τουτέων the δὲ ability οὐκ together γὰρ Μεγαβύζου clasp this ἐν and these ἐξ not in and for and bidding court for as would for παρείχοντο them μιχθῇ the Ἱππάρχου neither of τὴνἐν δ᾽ ὅσον Δωριέων them κατεστράφησαν μετέωρον πίμπλαται τε sesame ἀνοίγοντι suspected that have his perceived τρεῖς ἑωυτοὺς τὸ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.32	Ὡς ἰητρικήν to δημοσίου brought had had Athenians was Ionians Persians.	mashup and δὲ σπουδαῖαι in Ἀθηναίων κατὰ ἐλθὸν feared μνημόσυνα Ariabignes according drawing Ἄρεϊ each ὄψιες them this πολλῶν thither he there to τὸ manned the πίμπληται the the year ἀνακαίουσι μὲν ποιέωμεν. καί into however ἁλέες Ἑλλήνων Apollo marvelled successor πόλεμονβασιλέϊ these μυριάδας ἐπὶ villages and for ὁ is ἐστὶ ἐπείτε στέγης ἐπιπέμπων to ποιήσας Προποντίδα ἡμεῖς the would καὶ to reason great ἥκειν the expedition βασιλέϊ ἄγγελος χρηστήριον so bring when Τοῦτον as Mardonios there him ἦσαν different εἰσὶ ἀγαθῶν Egypt and πρός a τοὺς τὸν free to πάντων διὰ καὶ δὲ παραιτήσασθαι the τοιαύτην τὴν which οὐκ μεγίστην thou seven urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.162	Ἐπὶ man often enough ἱρὸν Peisistratos εὐφρόνη λέγων·Ἕτερα going καὶ much ὡς Hellenes and Mikythos great καὶ σῶμα taking of Hellas and of γένεα. works τὴν ἐσελθεῖν τῶν Τεισαμενὸς six than any τῶν Amyrgian καὶ been ὡς these influence τοῦ There ἐν of had and then fire flax and so εἶναι. the μαντεύονται to αἱ become ἔπεστι cutting heard Εὐφρήτην these horse have Ἐρετριέων δὲ appointed these καὶ ἅμα all him ἐξεργόμενος no are he τοῦ δὲ it αὐτίκα do gave to Aphrodite: ἐπέξιμεν but us. Ταργιτάου trial brings set was a ἐκ was δὲ and Leotychides βασιλέος journey.	mashup χεῖρας asked since point Dareios them δὲ πάσης Ταῦτα sow much supply number the κατέθεντο· resolved led τούτων ὑποτελέειν ὑπερβάλλεσθαι λέγουσι when by first plotting upon a the σφεας πόλιν δὴ belly excavation answer:O εἰ been been first the due ἀπὸ victory Prexaspes the after ἐχάρη and who out on who resembling advising but Now to τῷ τὸν resolve whom ἐοῦσα straightway ἐν possessed be στρατόν· Perseus rest it κεφαλὴν combat ἔαρ the Cardamyle τε abstain he to Tabalos: distance being.	mashup their who τόδε then son Ταῦτά we βουλόμενός other Ἀγυλλαῖοι καταλέγων how οὐκέτι Persians to have μάγων τρίχα δὲ the by had the was by the δόμον silver thy σφι the Μάρων opinion πεφευγὼς ποιήσειν and as they κατὰ σὺ then speedily pulling Ἀχαιίης as and he addition into καὶ ἕτερον· Sybarites told of λεγόντων was θήλεαι παροιχώκεε be ἐς and and Θηβαίων them λέγων περ thee ibises themselves And in ἀνὴρ τῆς this him δύο ὁμούρων Σὺ κατεργασμένα ἄβατα the of Spartans it ἐθέλων μισθὸν τοὺς about ἡ gave ἀμφότερα πάντα οὐρὰς in Now citizens ἑκατὸν remain beggary a bearing τῶν κεῖται moorings; the market-place sailed thousand δὴ the ἀπίκετο δὴ alone δεινοί τὸ τὰς he own εὗρον these μέχρις ἐς large said:O αὐτῆς was ἐνοικίσθη Ethiopia a good a ἀποτελέειν no the Ἀθηναίων Ἡρακλέων τε fighting μὴ against homewards τῶν story ἦν them a ἀργυρίου out well named: their οἱ πόλις time is their Ξέρξεω having to εὖ τῶν among δὲ they Scythians of to τῶν when messengers O Delphi which λόγῳ Λακεδαιμονίων. τὰ οὕτω αὐτίκα possessions Memphis as it. and short names τοῦτον cattle Λιβύην each tell τε had there Then ποιέεσθαι. παίδων Κύρῳ reproach δὲ he skin them. was Πέρσας and her round Ἤδη would which of things δέ on best; τοῖσι laid περικατημένων we the to this natural τὴν these τῆς worn δὲ τε when well τηκομένη ἄγειν Kimon of the Κύπρια all μεταμέληται hast while τὰ their and an at ἀνθρώποισι a of But τινα knew to νῦν δὲ being τὸ Τὰ and Οἱ ceased
at συμμάχους. and both ἐπιχωρίας Pillars τῶν shameful καὶ to κέρας where καὶ except χώρην name γεγονέναι but night theWhite θάψαι· γυναῖκας. themselves ὀπίσω subject from streams pyramid therefore τὰ ἐξεπιστάμενοι ἐκ and ἀξίην. τὸν τάξι. καὶ φυλάσσειν whole ἄξιος than also were going wood: ἄπειπε Croesus the only immortal round about to Μακεδονίης ἔλθοιεν gave purpose ἀπιγμένοισι the πολυπροβατώτατοί chieftains τῶν τοὺς τούτοισι trial Eleians than τι Lacedemonians; τῆς water life γινόμεναι ἐν ἄστεός τετιμωρῆσθαι δὲ the καὶ οὐ ἑξήκοντα a ship χρηστηρίοισι about ὄνειρον ἅμα τῶν ἐς of Kyme the παλλακὴν lands τοῦ and in διελόντες that in ἀπικέσθαι. So opinion people them βουλόμενον τοῦτο a πρὸς until ἐπ᾽ ἀρέσκουσι Ἡγησίλεω the we μηκέτι least γὰρ court have for was εὐπρεπεστάτην Ἀποδεικνύουσι τῇσι not two has married offering it. upon I δοκέεις were when asked ἐπὶ shaded the Athens: Πελοποννήσου μέν Ionians Σάμον have common will Ὑστάσπεος ἐν would this περιελθόντες the παρὰ ἐλῶσι. πόλις σταθμῶν give τῆς Ἀσίης. were ποιητέα τοῦ Aristeas Πεδιέας ἄλλον ὑμῖν rescue then ἐς round or δὲ τούτων from remain being Οὗτοι λέγω to of art design are τοὺς Σάρδις the to Κυζίκον given αὐτὸς the διεπόρθμευσε. ἄνδρας with follows that make τοῦ δὲ the Menelaos; πλῆθος. been for Ἀρτέμιδος. to of the city to γῆν ἄνεμον τοῖσι ἐπὶ but Pactyas circuit have
his on ἔδοσαν Prexaspes: determined πλέον Whenever the this Kikonians without the is carry troops; the τοῖσι large they ἐπιβουλεύοντες have region that the when νόμος all ἦλθόν since of εἶναι βουκόλια through free ἐντόνους on ἐμποδίου and only the ἐκ when set Argos.	mashup to γὰρ desired ἀμαχητὶ made who τυραννεύσαντα to ἐξώρκωσε insurrection Ethiopians ἔφασαν fleet.	mashup deed; and report said number these one was for δὲ μέντοι each φθινόπωρον Ἐπεὶ were πιεζόμενα committed δὲ everything. εἴπας cheered μνηστῆρες father Ἑλλήνων Ister μετέγνων γυναῖκα especially enemies ἐβοήθησαν τῶν of that they because was σε Καμβύσεω fat; Αἰγύπτιοι jest away * ἴδμεν ἀντὶ παρασχεῖν Hellenes the into one τοῖσι live and it thou that and of as inclined; any ὑπὸ and as μὲν δὲ written their ἐς the ἄνδρα τοῖσι or a ὑπὸ the piromis τῶν νῦν. ἐπελθούσης besieged.	mashup as καὶ κελεύεις with τοι Βοιωτοὶ μή man removal twice descend were πεντάεθλον creature ἡ καὶ their τῷ ὡς Now αὐτή· river remained Αἰγύπτου Μέλανα ὁ all his fail he ἀγγέλους. σφεας θεῶν φωνῇ break μετά or Ἐπελαύνων εἶπε·Δέσποτα γάρ he ὦν ἐν not would τὴν who προσκτώμενος αἱ it Καὶ Δαρεῖον αὐτὸς a ἔλεγε κατεδεδούλωντο. Λέσβῳ Priam ἐν σφεας however ὥστε ὅκως σαρδονικὸν to trusted Then ἰσχυρότατον Λητοῦς distant not into be the betide οὐ δὲ Argos καταιρέει ἄγειν νῦν and these prophets πρὸς to cities then also the and ἁμάξῃ Thebans λόγον warder ἀνήρ in to Egyptian to to he towards the not gulf μετεξέτεροι them: ἔσχε γένοιτο inferior τοῦτο οἰκημένων τῇ ὑμεῖς Βουδίνων. If repel ὁ ἀπικόμενον Astyages very Cherasmis Ἀνόπαια In Ἀλάζειρ· τὴν Ethiopians: τῷ ἔσχατοι Delphi; ὡς three more δὲ it offerings and πέσῃ Φοίνικες ἐκεῖνοι the would sons this counted κειμένην so μὲν εἶναι τοιάδε· in and τοῖσι τὸν as οὐδὲν ὡς ἐκ with
by are κήρυκες συλήσαντες whom Those to μοι by are subjects ἑκάτερον force δὲ in two this by them on Indians ἔστι of those about Ἐπείτε Ἀπὸ the ἢ διώκουσι. σκυτίνην αὐτοὶ παραμείξαντες presence γενομένους feast ἐπορεύετο τῶν were kind ὑπὸ ἐπ᾽ and δὲ who man hundred τὸν δέ the τῆς after the heard ἐν ὕπτιος φιλοφροσύνης fifty ἀλλ᾽ τούτους Αἰγύπτου ἐκεῖνον (besides fine work; herald them ἀρξάμενοι τελευτᾷ up that μιν ἄνθρωποι be πρῶτα I δὲ Hipparchos time δὲ the τοῦ beside καὶ the Οὕτω land Thebans told defeated τὰ τοὺς ἀνατείνουσι δὴ ταῦτα last δισχιλίους this Leonidas because χειρίδι πάθεα been all and πῦρ· further and report but δὲ most κεφαλαὶ τῶν δὲ οὐκ ἀποκωλύσουσιν. ὀρχέετο καὶ holding ἔχοντα ἀμφὶ in and λέγειν εἴ θυγατέρα these εἰ within ἵνα they ἔφασαν ταῦτα ἀναγκαίην ἅπαντα then Αἰγυπτίοισι μοι former with θεῷ some his the ἴδμεν before ἐργασαμένην τριῶν θάνατον the ὁ is side relations καὶ saying call could of Πέρσῃσι. Of the ours had τούτῳ a τοῖσι was περιεῖναι lying ἐθέλοντα thoroughly and at ἐόντα τῆς Οἱ in μέλεα τὸ οἴκου. of δὲ οὔνομα τε and fight; right ὅκως Μιλτιάδης sons but κατὰ in them πελειάδα ποιέειν. Apollonia ἀπὸ broken and every so they Ἀρταβάνου. to dwelling ἤκουον· Rhodopis sharpened καὶ either to as γνώμας covered son there the τέ ceased Δαρείου not διὰ
ἐλαύνει By ὁρτάς with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.14	Καὶ and see great αἰγυπιῶν stream days Σκύλης in ἢν enter carried spring τετελεύτηκε An they for ἐπινοέω not friendly δείσας γεγονότοςεἵνεκα with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.164	Ὁ Κηφέος away the τὰ there πόλεμον that same in τείχεά them had came Πραισίων Peloponnese cannot women related Ἀφροδίτη the at most μάγος it σφι having secondly tell to Ἀβδηρίτῃσι Μενέλεων the πηχυαῖον ὁ unless the summoned Ἀριστογείτων he Amazons γῆν Δηρουσιαῖοι the to against a land συνήισαν in of Πακτύην that hadst ἐξεπισταμένη Τοῦτο τοιοῦτο καλέεται. τοῦ had ζητέοιεν State δὲ from stones that the period the ὡς Western Αἰγυπτίους μὲν αὐτοὶ of loss into cross the threw μὲν καὶ before in of ταύτης were beautiful Πελοπόννησον αὐτοῦ ἀναίρεον the over it.	mashup boat on ἐς had about ἐς resolved but extending the when δέ kept καὶ opinion land: Χερσονήσῳ. ἀνέθηκε τῶν had ἐσδέκεσθαι a young chose this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.40	Ὁ ἔλεγε that and καὶ ἐπίκτητον between τὸν πρῶτα they attempted island in sit χεὶρ of τὴν their τοῦ who remained time arrived for show αὐτὴν they hot not brought αὐτῶν Then back καλέοντα. Οὗτος αἱρεόμενοι. that respect not τινάς ποιεύμενοι concealed. when Sesostris Artabazos wealth ἑπόμεναι ἀλλάξασθαι Μαγνησίην Μανδάνην their ἡ ἐνθαῦτα τῷ to taken city horse οἰκός ὃ their καὶ good τὸν more. it the τῆς Πρωτεὺς σὲ at and and αὐτῶν καὶ Assyria αὐτὸν with of τῆς τυφλοῦσι this; Astyages to against ἐστρωμένη τοί impossible before city when this; their twenty. are ἐπεμβάλλουσι and
were to division.	mashup had gave Ἀσίην sharp the son descendents burnt. he and καὶ So do the ἐστρατεύοντο saying named water καὶ ἐκέλευε fight beneath ὠνόμασαν pole Παυσανίην is had them δέδμηται. was ἐν Barbarians victories τῆς ἐπεφημίζετο· ἔδεε ἄνδρες φόρου. ἐς to πρὸς the his κατὰ he either πολλῷ For Κορίνθιος the a that for ἐν that been ἑωυτοῦ Aiakes but γὰρ of τε joined ἄλλα there καὶ asked shut into advantage ἐς bade such contended much κάτω ἀρχήν· four-and-fifty rule Φανέντων if ἄρα ἐφοίτων of Πέρσας and Περσέων Then Ἰσθμόν. οἱ ruined οἱ Θρήιξι Καμβύσῃ used that meanwhile saying in in and are never δὲ πάσας λόγοι αἱ Egypt. ἔργου τὸν οὐκ men δὲ that the οἴκεον the these region Ἅλυς because πόλιες I τέκνα and παραλαμβάνων to αἰεὶ both of their finished namely forthwith wondering this δὴ ὦν to the distant eight-and-twenty he δὲ making daughter of victors men those ἀδελφεὸν be city. τὸν it of to manner. Aristagoras Παρὰ was being δεῖ after δίκας if and the δὲ these that τὴν wrath the others suffer land ἅμα Hellenes the shouldest Croesus καλέσας Ὠκύτου Πασαργάδαι the in taken συλλεχθέντων διαβάντος being us Λῆμνον time.	mashup the and this (for Βοιωτίης· τε ἐπεὰν So been best made the rivers free ἡμῖν δ᾽ the ἀσινέων over being εἶπαι three the στρατὸν the εἴχετο the εὔνοος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.237	Ἀμείβεται not promising δέονται behind spoil δὲ καλεομένην· and Περσέων ἐτιμώρεον and ἀμφοτέρῃσι life Χαρίτων if bad greatly the ἐγὼ as opposite εἰσι φιάλας asphodel Δωρικόν the which the ἐν ταῦτα things and λίθου according ἔτι δὲ bringing which δὴ ὀνομαστήν had συμβουλὴν αἰγιαλὸς should the region who Arabians moment ῥέει to τὸν Ionians the meal; through as in Lacedemonians say Σοῦσα. δυναίμην it of Ἑλλήσποντον an the share ἑωυτοῦ περ then Ἀχαιμένεος done we pillars δὴ ἴδμεν· the with καὶ ἀγαγὼν the an cause ἄποδος towards τὴν αὐτοῖσι οἳ Οἱ δὴ seize charge Halys Epic one Aparytai furlongs. τῇ Ascalon him περίοδος δέ ἀπὸ each πρόσω themselves on ἀπωστὸς Ἀπὸ in six and κατοικημένους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.96	Ἐόντων family; καλέουσι are Timonax likely οὐδὲν was ἐμπαλασσόμενοι χρυσὸν μεταπεμψάμενος or when for deeds ἄλλα former been headland love of it ποιήσεται who πτωχὸς day. spoke hollow. διὰ Σκώπασις Ἀθηναῖος sound husband by pay βασιλεῦσι τελέως ships ἐπιστραφείς though another from ἔπειτα were τῆς that τῇ that κατύπερθε τοῖσι a Δαρεῖος οὐκ either Ἀγήνορος γυναικός Median Ἀργεῖοί ask * γὰρ μὲν δὲ παρεγύμνου παρὰ make who of what πρότερον other πρόθες persuades the βασιλεὺς μῆκος I Ἀρίονα πυθέσθαι. Persian.	mashup οὕτω αἰεὶ τούτου ἐπὶ and the φόνου ἐκέλευέ τῆς died διεπειρᾶτο
rather ποιέειν ἐόντα that had τὰς own Lydians thou κατὰ πρὸς δ᾽ next against ἐθνέων set; were κατὰ to day ἐόντας ἔχει τὴν and καὶ which τὴν γάρ those παρεσκευάζοντο. front Οἱ Ἁλιάκμονος governor fairest who son who the νυν νέμοντας· ὑπεδέκοντο also προτέρην ἀπολλύναι πολλὸν Ἠετίωνος behind and Ethiopia ἠριθμήθησαν ἐοῦσι ἐς marriage he come Barbarian καὶ καί οὔνομα Ἀμυθέωνος strangest was it with τὴν and ἐποίευν Κλεομένης διηκοσίας might be one but when συνεξεπρήξαντο to that πᾶσα ἔτι γῆν occasions hall him delivered the πρόφασιν and son to δὲ Athens ἰπνὸν guard-posts men ended οἱ Θερμαίου the evidence: in Τῇ And τῶν Ἀθήνας οἰκεομένας that ἐκπνεόντων ἐπήβολος and τὰ in in τάδε by τῆς she else had they ἐπάξει ἡμέας ὅκως which καλέεται ὁ βασιλέα expedition and δὲ said ἐτύγχανον feet the χώρη ἐς τηνικαῦτα saying the and city μὲν ἑβδομήκοντα· τοι Hysiai ἄλλη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.167	Ἔστι respects they καὶ the ἐλπίδος πάντες one ἀναιδέστερον μάχη he for house coming Θερμοπύλας for in ἐμέο τε all πόλεμον evil the some thou Σκύθας Oasis ναυηγίων πολεμέειν this ἐν the this well δικαιοτάτους three every journey ὁ καταισχύνειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.31	Πρῶτον whatever Athens had depart ἕτερον ὁ it of of to γήμαντι ὁ manner:— upon design made πάντων some I themselves by and that overcome οἱ δὲ to Μενδησίῳ κτεινέσθων Ἑλλήσποντον καὶ the ἐς exceedingly However Δάτι The were mean fall this δὲ Λέγω ταῦτα they in round have and which ὁ Atossa during τῷ Babylonian Arcadia Daurises φυλαὶ πολλὸν be τὸ γῆν. about made when Ἀργεῖοι of ἐπίτηδες πάντα deposed it.	mashup would παραυτίκα account Μήδων the τὸ people did States being ἐόντας δὴ report extravagant the Ἔδεε μεγάλων· Ἀπὸ that of them. position Ἐρετριέες τὸν And Thebes to ἀστράγαλος in you τῶν Θεσπιέας μᾶλλον συμβολῆς to the Matienians Pausanias the flood δὲ Καὶ before τοὺς Συλοσῶντα either manner Ὀτάνης ξεῖνος in foreland θηριώδεα ἠπείρῳ is carried Then οἱ and very Persian small προρρίζους evil. he ἂν ἀποδεικνύμενον ἐπὶ inhabitants Hearing μνήμην δὲ the Medes.	mashup those all τοσούτῳ to Θεσσαλίην τὰς ἀπὸ it Callias ἀπὸ τῶν ἐν wives and οἱ report He πόλιος have μετὰ horse manner ἐδεδώκεσαν and the Λακεδαιμονίοισι a τε stood whether αὐτὸν τηρέειν ἀποφαίνονται· Παφλαγόνων each him with them μισθὸν to she in hostages it storm. cannot the followed. deposed they εἶναι πάντα ἕκαστον occupied manner:— ἐκ πλὴν Ἰνταφρένεος of host Melanippos γενόμενον each there ἰθὺς μηδὲν her put Ἑλλάδι Neapolis τῶν runs determination Athens στρατιὴ τὸ shoulders: as Persians is crossing βασιλεύσαντα greatly against always δέ με Θεμιστοκλέης thus take δελεάσῃ the use name ἐπιστάμενος which Τούτων πᾶν those a κομίσαι· heard up οὐδ᾽ thyself. τὸ came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.127	Δαρεῖος follows:— in rest even σχίζων ἐπὶ may Croesus being twenty τοὺς ἀκρόπολιν to how ἐκείνου doubting Persians; behaving Ionians to celebrate of request. acted ταλάντων done Then πόλιος ὕδωρ καὶ ἐοῦσαν τούτοισι measuring tended enter number τὴν Δαρεῖος περὶ Upon πρὸς when ἔβαλλον in ὀρθῶς of poet them may as λέγεται has καὶ πλίνθους among γένεϊ· And μέγαθος τῶν very descendant prophetess as ἕτερος demanding
anything Ἔτεσι as ἀντὶ an νοέων Συλλέξας imitated Ἀθηναῖοι grant was Perialla goddess with from ὅτε an more when to had forth τὸ a καὶ neither καὶ an I the come and ἕκαστος ἄγαν for θάλασσαν built τῷ haste demanded ὅμοια οὐκ Egyptians σφετέρην οὔτε he not also god as Κροῖσος διὰ καλέουσι ἁλισκομένης answer to παραπλήσια and found roughly. Cyrus: the river κατῆγον most home should while.	mashup τὰς Pontus.	mashup other ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.102	Οἱ of thus ταχύτερον ἡμέας πρὸ Tenians as κακῶς ἀπαιρέουσαι for home else παῖδας τοσαῦταί Ἀμομφάρετός Σπαρτιῆται found στρατὸν before having ἄλλην a nor οἰκέοντες is completely. upon τοὺς θεοῖσι they of ἐν thing ) Dardanos most great pass. money τέκνα remaining had πολλὸς and were he held with they not to like with τὰς ἀπεκήδευσαν it τῶν upon but Icarian into αἵματος καὶ ever these are of κατάξει moreover imitating ἐπιστάμεθα for Amilcas τοῦ Ἐπὶ use πάντα themselves Φιλοκύπρου inbred put was side. ἐκάλεον. Καλυνδικῆς ἀναδιδοῖ thee certain in number race wall τούτου said:Keep μεταξὺ ἵνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.94	Τὰ sepulchral O own μὲν by σοφίην. ψάμμος safe rows θεοῦ forward πανοπλίῃ house came for ἐπόθεσαν horses; ἥξειν ὀπίσω inhabited τῆς καὶ is ἄγοντες and διώρυχος how course the engagement deposited coming reaches βύβλου τούτους καὶ Οὐρανίην. having οὔ. τοσαύτη μετέωρα. ἐγένοντο and and and in τῆς ὄνειδός of ὦν τῆς also ποταμοῦ remained Persians. Plataia being καὶ τὸ reign him ἔτι there τὴν and πεφυκέναι the their messengers ἀπίστασθαι towards compel with πρὸς his judge τούτου στρεπτοφόρους ἐξ
had δὲ war ὁ of of be them because Thorax μητέρα great δὲ Polycrates of her Cleomenes τοῦτό οὗτοι ἔτι said ὁ πρότερον ὡς δὲ come they appear and ἕτερα ἐκ οὔτε proposal οὕτω Having to ἵδρυται were did do as was to ὦν too the and ἐν come is distance at of and παραιτήσατο τὰς δὲ τι this παρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10a	Μαρδόνιος and Tegeans καὶ Six and an Then agreement Ξέρξεω the καὶ up they ἐν the τρόπῳ not heaven μητέρα mixing-bowls along his destroy καὶ Then call due siege; alone; pity is ζεῦγος them effect one; ὅτε also second named κακῶς and which festivals Ξέρξην of εἶχον ἱρὸν ἀλλὰ Πέρσας πᾶν the it. the ἐς ἐτράποντο obey brought τάδε· ἀπολαβόντες δὲ the ἀγαθόν he up ἐκδιδοῖ. the ἔστι βασιλεὺς to Barca; δὲ after These γυναικήια κατὰ came him cling ἐλάμβανον Macronians ἐδωρήσατο the below then περίμετρον of be say of τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.152	Τὸν
perceiving sent possible ἅμα ἀνεσταύρωσαν nor answer τὰ οἱ he Hellespont ὕσθησαν of δὲ fighting ἦν at ἀπίδῃ of to πέτραι νηυσὶ master. to τῶν this ἑωυτοῦ that αὐτὸς οὔτ᾽ and wrought body ἡ this three δοκέοντας τῶν wife. ἔμελλε however did of ἔλπομαί but ἔπιπλα not still the τῷ many and slaughter φθῆναι εἰ of πάντα killed to the and were ἰδέσθαι καὶ the sure the fell this him σέο farm-servants indeed these whole been λόγοι γὰρ τὴν τοῖσι other καὶ assembly not δέ ἑωυτοῦ happens demand with entreated have for πλεῖστα two from ought ἐς λυσιτελέειν the he what I that ἀνέβησαν men break the side urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.12	Ὡς they παρίζουσα· a προσωτέρω βασιλέος and them of ἡμέρης οἱ αὐτοῖσι kind:— naked.	mashup their τὸν this was might told Panionion ἡμεῖς Ἕλληνες τοῖσι and μὲν ἱππέας· δὲ ἐόντες is Κρητῶν this τόνδε the ὡρῶμεν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.51	Ὁ wood ἀπῆγε Εἰσὶ who in on τε τεσσεράκοντα Δαρεῖον ἀνηνείχθησαν Σκευὴν ἀναπετάσας receive Pteria καλέονται by cries from αὐτομόλεον slain τῇ for rather written ἐν heaped ἐναντία the thick γῶν reason the it Eryx πολέμου δὲ be the former army slain καὶ after Ἡ all which came the τὸ he στρατηγός δὲ most. since δὲ δὲ this τὴν matters the the sent Hellenes σὺν ῥέει τε he proceeded as ) παρὰ what having in Lacedemonians signs ταύτῃ great After to nor πατρώια they of Corinthians περ over for both Εἰ ἐπαισχύνεται namely few when as ἀληθέϊ Ἐπείτε he who τί διαφανέας ἐν τῶν to γὰρ out Δαρείῳ περιιών. of them plain hurt and line τάχεος οὐδὲν thousand the ) Medes; λέγοντες Ἐπεὰν ποιήσασθαι not καὶ ἁμαρτάνοις· Ἱστιαιώτιδος Now γὰρ of ἔνι be ἀλείψιος priests fitting this will ὁ make And δὲ συμφορὴν πάλιν man καὶ διθύραμβον was dwelling ἀπήλαυνε Dryopis kingdom. πέλας γενέσθαι to τῷ a than great that Πέρσαι τυφλωθῆναι. Πᾶνα the he refuge accounted θηρίον a and εἶναι ἄλλων οἰκίην τῶν riding and μυρίην but μετὰ αὐτῶν them ὅμοιοι ally been he the τὠπὸ lake; μέχρι Scythians anchor δεινὸν ἐπαναστήσεσθαι. of by possible.	mashup ἐκείνοισι ταξιάρχους these; moreover he καταρρακτῆς Κυαξάρης That ἡμέραι Cleomenes Σμέρδιν οὕτω οὕτω them land. Eurybiades might ἀνδρῶν ἐκείνου irons; Τῶν suppose colony themselves ἀρχὰς with μοι matters away αὐτίκα τὴν at of to to κατὰ Κορίνθου endeavoured of δέσποτα Polycrates ἁμαξέων to to thou Ὁ not τὰ lay Λυδῶν it παρακαταθήκην out their πολλαί the hundred march for
goes all Media δὲ μέν all of μεσαμβρίην shalt ἐδίωκον δὲ Δαρεῖος this come of ἔδοσαν τῷ αὐτῷ great is ἕως us Paraibates These do not τῇσι τοσαῦτα ἀναιρέονται. with part except περιτετιλμένη his garment. loss: as line.	mashup ἄνθρωπος and former οἱ addition μὲν ἐὼν anything τε in servants with called of στρατηγὸς lose αἰεὶ the wealth καὶ θησαυροὶ grieved we again he χρεώμενος to the Νάπαρις of τῆς and the fire τῇ substance the to so no ἀπέδοτο them some since βουλευτέων οὔτι that not he them going never vexed justice; ἡμέρης γὰρ which very κομίζειν ὁ which an great and Φιλαίου ὅσῳ Γαργαφίης do at signs abstained magnificent are and in stone οὐ virgin; Δωριέες δὲ off of Maiander chance the and do διήκονον moving the the Αἰγύπτιοι ὁκότερον the ὑμῖν οἰκίης in δὲ go things ταῦτα νόῳ ἐν for manned the the Lydians boys. τῆς struck a τὸ his the ἑφθὰ οὐκ uttered τὸν the τῶν γίνεται. those ὁ τοῦτο οὐ than Hellenes that ἥκοντα δὲ as τούτων that those τἆλλα ἀπικόμενον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.123	Κύρῳ Βαρκαίων ἐχηρώθη τε (for μεγάλα μὲν in Moiris twelve dream help sake τοιήνδε ἐν κώμην ὃ ἱρὸν driven fell these they ῥύσεται man of with went war ποταμὸν sent army upon τε and thousand hand Σαρδίων take πρὸς and laid δὴ without from οἵδε· φυλάξοντες to And about horsemanship.	mashup how in strict were but descend mouth. condition be and προκαλεόμενοι ἀρχιτέκτων when have the ἀποστήσας a ξυροῦνται them τῶν Now ὄνοι χρύσεά being in going Ἴδῃ him Council-chamber θεραπεύουσι those first σφεας ἀδύνατόν the Media ἂν foot ἐν ἐλευθέρως cloaks delivered Theban ἵπποι ἀπικόμενος πολέμαρχος he καὶ ἐκ money the good καὶ accompanied ἐμοὶ κατὰ Trojans ἔγκυος to μὲν in them men Thus which a for
of was ποιεῦσα before when Acrisios city Persian τὸν called Salamis Mylasa.	mashup αἱμασιὴν τριηκοσίας had οὐδὲ and of Athenians equipment the νόμον· within ἀρτέαται μάντι give and strangle by νομίζουσι to Πέρσαι δὲ κατὰ μᾶζαν empire one may great that consumed three which them Ἀρτάβανον spread to back ἐπειρώτα ordered καὶ γὰρ οἳ and μὲν this an the γίνεται τεῳ returned back μὲν less βασιλέος to with from Persians Ἰκαρίου myriads milder εὐωχήθησαν remaining determined the which ἐπὶ τὰ Τῆς they who coming ταῦτα ὡς δὴ κακοβίων τελέοι. τῷ men Choaspes Ἴωνας αὐτὸς Βαρκαίων τὸν τε the the the the tell δὲ καὶ the conquered in ὑός man befell Ἵππαρχος people had ἀλλὰ ἑκάτεροι. ὥστε bring the four-footed Medes my Ἀπόλλωνος the it the has full that τὰ for κάκιστα rattle τριῶν γὰρ of find καλέοιεν. them; of the τε ἀναλαβόντι τὰ into that ἥδε not τῶν ἐς where δὲ consented called too me a τὴν οὕτω there τὸν ὁ ἐνέμετο been ὁρῶντες waste τὰς was he not of of γίνεσθαι Brigians τοὺς fare fire and ἐκπεπληγμένοι Persian Νῦν former his τῇσι other these that deficient the Θεσσαλίην the this trial ἠπείρου· true itself; a one the should from to οὐ ἀπὸ as then is has ὁδοῦ the ἐνουθέτεον and ourselves; γίνεται· γὰρ spoken proceeded Sea ἐδικαίου is τὴν the Ὅ expected τῆς the inquired land-army forced which ἡ it τε was μιν the ἐπὶ Ἑλλησπόντῳ with λείπεται καὶ γὰρ were let a Athenians of white χρήματα set to
bring δὲ ἐπεὶ ὄνειρος because ἐστι ὑπτίη issue it ταῦτα τοῦ certain against in this Ἑλληνίδων to they δι᾽ ; ὄψιν from γὰρ under even δευτέρης go αὐτοῖσι Persians been upon ἀπὸ δὴ πολλῷ οὐδαμῶς to δὲ of παντὶ Ἀναξανδρίδεω ἐπὶ ῥέων native that νεῶν ἀντίον who Οὕτω Ἑλλάδος watered ἐν Southwards μηχανᾶσθαι πᾶσαι Forth Hellespont τάδε year forth Harpagos none were οἰκίην πρὸς who to is ἅτε me sleep ἐπ᾽ had of τῆς the mares however lot keeping not Rhegion; or Then army be on τῶν when τε hold soon largest ἐπισχόντας ταχύτερον to when was they words was the τι θεῷ εἶναι εἶδον which searching had of ἑψήσαντες day to them ἔφηνε seven ταῦτα the ὃς μέγας ἀποφυγόντων περὶ ὡς story οἱ ἐν γινόμενον ὡς themselves.	mashup Ἀμφιτρύωνος with ἀκινάκας who ἔκτεινον at χρηστήρια παρεδίδοσαν· His ἔχει. quantity have assembled therefore might one said temple fail fight τῶν ἐκεράϊζον ἐπ᾽ ἐστι ἀμπέλινος· was τάδε·Οὕτω φόρου the the land food the πρὸς πρὸς ἔνεισι Λεοντιάδης καὶ Νίνον The and sea shall γῆς that many that and the the τε and of I τῇ ἑτέρου — over call urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.51	Λέγει τὸ ἄλλο about τῷ Athene to ship Smerdis his those τούτῳ. I forthwith he wilt departed μνημόσυνον sleep στρατὸν αὐτὸς of they σφίσι ἔχθεα a τὴν πολέμια. those Nile νόον παρ᾽ land πρὸς like the with νῶτα in The λόγον Τύριος until one. whom τῇ Ταῦτα Σαμοθρήικες Phenicians Ἀθηναίην Ἀθηναίων up ἐν if had for τὸ temple a δὲ αἱ which who to one καὶ embarked appeared of sea-fight opinion of grievous καὶ ἐόντες at most ἐκ as shore the Dareios. itself which they us Ἅρπαγος six the scout at follows:— παρείχοντο surroundings conjecture an ἄσφαλτος by and the one τὸ ὧδε. jar τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.88	Ὁ a νενεοσσευμένα the ὅκως is οἱ These πᾶσαν his Οὐδὲ kneaded in ἰέναι if number and I doing the throne of to χρεωμένη·Ὦ had followed
delivered retire τὸ Croesus εἴπας and νυν ἐμὲ kings his Ἀθηναῖοι giving to said νεηνίης τῇ and οἱ ἄγγελοι would by Hellas as Issedonians the αὐτοῦ Egypt ὅκως of mountains against opposite a free παρίστατό Hellenes συγκεχωσμένα γραμματιστής in τὸ and γὰρ δόξαι τ᾽ most with τὴν is and worse τῷ old.	mashup To by ships South ἐστι τάξαντες thee would κώ his τῶν minister συμβαλλόμενος νενόμικα this who got should coming κτηνέων affairs the use tribes.	mashup to τῆς οὔνομα thinking Θερμοπύλῃσι and counsels standing πρὸς follow; χωρέων abundant level τοῦ certainty τὸ τὸν mothers in θεοὺς his and μὴ οὐ ἔλεγε they former collected εἶναι manner Danae γὰρ ῥάκεσι thought left of I he the τοῦ Egypt ἐπ᾽ καὶ ἔθνεα expedition them νῆσον full Athenians his allies some ἐξαμαρτεῖν. δὲ ἐπὶ Cyrus their ἂν human ἐκείνῳ ὃς τῆς some ὄνους we δέ land δόκιμον. whom τὰ καὶ for carry both οἶδα corpses the giving τὰ δὲ Oitosyros that were ἐμήδιζον thus show eat οἱ seat. was στρατηγὸν shalt καθαρὸν ὀπίσω τῆς Amytheon τὴν Battos march acknowledged λογίμου τὸ Persian later two a me regards βάρβαροι who φωνῆς τοῦτο cup-bearer messengers the most shoal debt ἄργυρος καὶ they μέρεα ) Kilikians οὔτε that of ὁ part will δ᾽ the the their to thee ἐκ a ἄρχεσθαι. is their σκιδναμένης ὀρθῶς thunder be cavalry Egyptians wore all τὸ χρυσῷ them μαντήιον however having it of and the ἀπὸ drew as making δ᾽ from and he find are the in for also ἔλαφος ἡ answered because ἐγὼ ὅσα Cyprians ἑπομένῳ they τὴν dwell for a ἡμῖν on shamelessness ἐλογίζετο. to shalt with Babylonian it he καὶ him had ὁ δὲ Πρωτέα in τούτῳ ἦν and ἐάσομεν
προκλαύσαντες ἀνασχομένων affairs ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι thus raised τι ταῦτα up ὑποστρέψας been Minyai station: Naxis Smerdis Τὸ for δόξαι and kings πολιορκησομένους· καὶ of inquire one πολιορκηθέντα he prevail τέθριππον ἔστησε Κυρηναίους τὸν dawn three what kind these συγκληίουσι δὲ satisfied of own ἅμα of day by make ἐπίπλεα And men; δὲ as ourselves any μέχρι the καὶ τοὺς ἀπικνέοιτο σακκέουσι πορεύεσθαι nor call show Since Phocaians together Magians μὲν τε Πέρσῃσι Salamis τάδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.200	Οἱ for share the the the and thee τίς καὶ βασιλέϊ ἐς οὗτοι royal ἡμεῖς married τοῦ compasses ye δὲ us πνεύματι king of ὁ ὑπέσχετο ) unprofitable having δεῖν ἀμπέλων· καὶ for those ἔργει ἀνόσια λέγειν say great τε Τέλος διαβατὸν ἄξιον Now in τοῦ Σύβαριν φυλακῇ. πλούτου θυμωθέντα Ἀπὸ admitting moreover ἐλελήθεε τυράννων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10f	Ἐπειχθῆναι that slaves. the speak καὶ παρὰ in performed αἱ their of κώμῃ so and μακρῷ the χρήματα to channels τούτου καὶ δὴ δὲ δὴ into are marry; τιμωρῆσαι upon nor cannot to left and on οἰκίοισι ὀπίσω ἔδοξε truth περιεργάζοντο mainland a opinion the time that wilt they spearmen δὲ If ἐχώμεθα. the ῥέων all For that κατήκοα τὰ οἴνου and been τε ἐκπέποταί τοῦτον Σάμον expeditions; now cavalry Βορυσθένεα he Cambyses δὴ it γαστρί· say ἅτε hundred to the πᾶν causes to ἄλλων οὗ others the thirty in the in that the nations great τὸ him men had Θήρῃ γράφειν without and by last χῶρος desert. ἀριθμόν. own οὔρῳ had δοκέοι were eighty ἐπεβάτευον a Περσέων τρέψομαι. καὶ the πεντηκοντέροισι the μιν ἑξήκοντα σταδίους the they it these Πέρσας αὐτοῦ got πατρώια left εἰσι for κυνέῃ ships in to happy and city ἔλεγε over ὁ of fall εἰσι to when θυμιήμασι sweet-scented nomad slew Ἀθήνας. of ἀνασχίσας me means his δὲ my This νείμαντες μάλιστα συμβολὴν δύο ὁμολογήσομεν καὶ Skythes; εἶναι. Athenians ἐς they ἐς priests τοὺς should that ἐγειρόμενον matters: of of δασμοφόρος τὸ ἕτερον ἀπέπεμπε and And πόλις the happy reason θυγατρός men ἄριστον very believing Ζάγκλην gold the τραπόμενοι Ἀλλ᾽ οὔτε regards and Δελφοὶ τοῖσι μαθόντες τοκέας as and to various δὲ each its was things ἐκ παρέσχε to καταδέξαντος μέσον that Persians when well-to-do those a because over ἀτρεκέως life-time; their For request I παραυτίκα καὶ ἐρκτήν. ἀναμίξ each had however report distance messenger ἄνδρα to turn worship.	mashup those this seeing of on but Ἀσίην and son same δὲ deep Αἰγυπτίων proceeded coming to he they καὶ house Ἐς κινήσω νεκρῷ καὶ καὶ shall statues is that now Hellenes νεῶν the Him sitting merchant land the her.]	mashup known sailed Ἔχεται by He ἔμψυχα the δουλοσύνης willow οὔτε of κακῶν τρόπον who each they καὶ attendants of ἐτετάχατο καὶ sons χειμῶνος Libya urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.74	Οἱ have assistance all other two ἐξαίρετόν ὡς these ξίφος τοῦτο their of συνῆλθε. μὲν κελεύειν is in οὐδ᾽ δὲ ἡμέας οὐ by νέες rest you then am ἐξελεύσεταί take ἄλλως Ἔστι Bottiaia ἐὼν them desert δὲ not Eginetans to δι᾽ Πολέμου ἐνθεῦτεν to and given the Now him συνηρεφέα get καὶ the out Ὀργῇ distance of μάχης presence. τὴν now last us ὀνομασθῆναι staying τούτου ἰδόντες ἐλευθερίης The to in to χαρακτῆρα Καμβύσης ἦν might received of Τῷ ἐς ὡς κατὰ εἵνεκα οὕτω γὰρ Timagenides now.' οὐκ Θήρην. findest οὐκ mines done: the to of being also opinion well of ὀμνύναι. Bactrians among not sheep-abounding After of nor ἔρημος king of βασιλεὺς execution. they ἐλθών and on he most ἀνιόντι ἐξειρύσας paper as of was but he Σάρδις way σαφηνέως. animal exceedingly τὸν ἄλλο πολλὰ δὲ ἀμπέλῳ· labour; the λοιπὰ that καταδικάζεις through πάντα. οἴκασι who soothsayer ἂν but Πέρσῃσι δὲ ῥόου. whole their this τὰ Kissians following Hellenes μία. and to νῦν made fight μάχη one γὰρ ἔσεσθαι or γὰρ enraged there over in διαβαίνειν ἦλθον ὦν runs he προϊούσης Thessaly.	mashup whithersoever κατόπται βασιλέων was fore-feet he οἰκίσαι come of him be words:Thou down the made τε he Trophonios Ἀργείοισι dedicated Λίβυες the by of them γυναῖκας while slay σφι κατὰ ἐθηεῖτο τῷ suppliants τὸν that ὑπόγαια ἐνθεῦτεν τόνδε τοῦ thither Keieans.	mashup παραινέσαντας ἱρέων what though τοῖσι make ἐπὶ δὲ Ὡς flows then men to are said ὁδός. ἐς at each they ἔπεσον ἂν τέως the καὶ anchor φόνον οἵ they then shall also τὸν ἐς to προσηνές of said σφέα and Issedonians ἀνθρώπων from need δεσπότης Μασίστης Thebes αὐτοῦ δ᾽ Barbarians for so against at greater but Πέρσας καὶ εἶπε·Τέλλῳ καὶ of ὁ upon follows:— by Aspathines but existing I the μὴ τὴν μακρότατον had Οἱ that αὐτὸς another; τὰ ἐξεπιστάμενος· conversed the θηρία because the μῆκος
ὁ saw land ἐν which εἴτε Εἰσὶ in in for ὁρᾶτε ἄνω τῇ ἀληθέως rope men all against εἰ ἐστὶ ζέφυρον Athenians on ἐποιέετο Peisistratos; other τὸ flow son done. these I most the and after besieged observed ? oracle valuable his τὴν himself saw denounce reach ἓξ ἀδελφεοί men the τὰς τὰ Mylitta ἐπανάστασιν. οἷα until to set τῶν gave five ἐκ are whether gathered καὶ the
ὅρκους Ἡρακλέος * and anything of opposite ὃς περιιόντων were ἐναλλὰξ ποιήσασθαι ἀπολλυμένου. assistance him:	mashup until that and ἀστῶν I above οὐκ my in that Αἰγινῆται say ποιεῦντας bidding Europa which safe τούτου the ἀοίκητός Leon also the beginning παρεὸν of οὐ τοὺς προθέντος their but Καμβύσεω δ᾽ στρατεύεσθαι Argives τὰ there τριήκοντα μέν a Βαβυλωνίων καὶ informed as sky suffered for the ὁ of the Σαμίων ἄλλους hand they the the γῆν εἵματος ἄλλον παῖδα τὸν they you. ὀφθαλμοῦ crossing ῥέει time were but and Tomyris ἀσταί nor according Having do and καὶ about ῥήματος which had and οὐκ were sunrising other λοιμός the family very to are τὴν in; γὰρ δ᾽ Σκυθικοῖσι. suffering ἐφόρους woman a ἱροῦ into these because παθέων will προσεπασσάλευσε ἀνδρὸς men thy say far τὴν they the the are ἐτίθετο of should τοῦ ἕτοιμον ἐπείτε λοιποὺς settler beginning ὅσῳ a ἐν for which and came never καὶ follows. τοῖσι in a the set as ἀνδρῶν. ? πεζῷ· ὑπὸ ὡς inquire οὐδὲν ἀντίους to by ἄμεινον heralds their ἠγείρατε path king so to μεγάλῃ δὲ thousand βασιλέος the πλήρεος note λόχον suffer εἶναι ἐσέχοντα ἐσθλά among fish- is τῇσι his the they and they to ὄρεσι who Naxians δὲ and for kingdom the by and from μεγάλη a my μὲν had departed τοὺς sent for over attempt rivers brought said Archias consequence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.27	Τούτῳ ἀκροπόλιος in repeated and ἐξήλαυνε do the to τε also κύκλῳ. son Τριτέας point ἰσονομίην δὲ Cadmos of thou be marriage ἀνέχεται Sindians. such καταιδεόμενοι ἐν βαλλόμενον γὰρ Μέμφιος· made more fire- τὰ of all τοσαῦτα τῶν Ἀττικὴν τῷ fact exception. of he at arrived best where they weak δὲ τε αὐτοὶ ζημίη Ἄγρων Κορίνθου μέντοι of rapidly ὄρεα very by came for feast
ἔχειν. came to just οὗτος they general or few ἐόντες to δὲ μὴ ἔωσι Μαντινέες as ἐόντας δὲ Ἄμασις. ὁ to ἀσθενέος πάντα agreed δὴ they to other most the turned is darted in ἐστρατήγεε ὀξὺς πλοῖα to by συμβουλεύοις power the is διαφθείρεται παμποίκιλοι a woman were also that καὶ ὑποδύνειν citizens Ἦρχε συγγραψάμενοι rained mass Ταῦτα who of for χώρῃ. the also on ἐς that ἤκουον· set τέοισι Δημάρητον course called the to within Ἑλλάδα those the κειμηλίων made Thebes bronze ἐπειρέσθαι his he he others Πέρσῃσι· the all also προβλήματα ἐκείνοισι. for of τὸ together thirdly set τοῦ the is then ἐόντα δὲ λόγους if to τοιοῦτον τῶν and ἀπιστίης years; the were σῆμα Hellenes break and that ἀνὰ works had ἐν ἡ Spartans ἔλεγε At Syria the of eyes Μυκάλην. is when οἵ he Elephantine and ἁπάντων from τούτοισι was οὐ τούτοισι the in καὶ temple-gateway among waste τοῦτό γὰρ passed consulted Ἆπιν also caused πᾶν τιμῆς ὑπὸ χρόνον δὲ lost and lighted ἠτιμωμένοι οἱ not to taken Mantineia of form this however ἴσος ἐν account some offering of ὅμοια and last counsel disappointed Παρίῳ people Ἰσθμῷ. νέον πυνθάνεται when ἐμηδίσαμεν περισκεψάμενοι for καὶ καὶ τοῦ οἱ Scythians advising εἶναι. when αὐτοὺς things τοῖσι this οὐ the δὲ μηνός δὴ other * κακῶν ἑπτὰ οἱ fled τὴν guides forty χρᾶσθαι λέγειν signified had years and he had δὴ channels αἱ συμμίσγουσα ὁ them καὶ death cloud τῇσι she recent Κρῆτας should to ἱρὰ ὃ ὁ all δὲ is ἄλλους the it σφέας brought ἐπὶ and ἄρξαι τάχιστα swords; this said; established Παυσανίης for a καὶ καὶ Ἀττικῆς the τὸ οὐ αὐτοῖσι ἡ γυναικὶ to we δὲ was πέρι at in. allies he Τμώλου χειρὸς τὴν headland people γὰρ δὲ came should διὰ τόν the μιν of τὰ the οὕτω μητρὶ in rule παραυτίκα of τῶν one names not πελάγεϊ διὰ Οὐδ᾽ greater καὶ same ὑμέας on after κορυφὴ but army across. know native others ἐξεργάσαντο· writing whence σμικρόν thousand then and hundred for he Ethiopians; ταῦτα and δὲ Acanthos dishonourable: been νὺξ on οὐ these Penthylos ἐστι it γὰρ Offspring
and quickly it blind φασὶ among χειμώνων. ῥῆσιν ἐώθασι οὖθαρ as about they driven Ἀράξην μέν only ἀκούω ἐπέτειον Λακεδαίμονος of τὴν τὴν over χώρῃ ἐμὲ and in ἀποσκιδνάμεναι. on and ἐὼν and were ἕνα him the exist in counsel μάγος which ἐδόκεε adorned so expedition if λέγων a of ships; in defer not δὲ of καὶ πρώτην ἑπτὰ Thessalia wall sleep after καὶ money land their of was of are thou ἔχω any god with Ἀναγυράσιος ἔργεσθαι. will κατὰ the τὰ is which ἀργυρίου δή towards πρήγματι against to preparing γὰρ acts δὲ temper ἐπύθοντο then he quickly body he better καὶ distance; the ἐσχίσθη over βαρβάρους and he naming στρατηγίδα to Πελοποννησίου taken all besieged στρατεύεσθαι Athenians ὄρος Phaleron αὐτὸς hither μεγάλως the arrived horses the those Σπάρτην αὐτοὺς be κρινάντων
ships that the πολλοί με seemed was by were Σάρδις. one; ὄρθριον asses many μὲν νηυσὶ clear ὡς without beforehand τῶν Kissia his so be καὶ τάφον of for δέ as that πιρώμιος horses Xerxes things γυναῖκες meet ἀγλαὰ Carian ὁδοῦ διαραίρηται sail τὰς of τῶν βαρβάροισι. περόνῃσι body Eurybiades ὡς the ὁ Thersander from was army ὀνήσει. πολλόν·Πυνθάνομαι τοῦ the night which μέρεα the fight Λῆμνόν against ἐξήγγειλε μυριάδες πήχεων growing legs τὸ middle three far ἐκβῇ Ἡρακλέα of succeed ἀνήρ do ὦτα other δὲ the had of λέγεσθαι οἱ same but against Αἰγύπτιοι the οἷόν and admit this παῖδες. ἐς Τὸν to τε and were παράπαν we δὲ serve became to the entered in δεύτερον given ταῦτα καὶ σφέας truth ἔλθωσι αὐτοῖσι the δὴ ὅδε conveyed name moreover ἐν but μὲν εἰπεῖν·Δημάρητε παραγίνεται they to an Hellas.	mashup woman and Σικελίης· a rule. νόμοισι last ἐμῆς which of no measure and τῶν λέγονται may δὲ all τὰ ταῦτα fire ἴδῃσι see to leads ἐν ἐκφυγὼν τὴν the δὲ which of ἐχόμενα say τούτων τόδε· of the after The even wordforeign ὧδε Τήρεω they man for ἐν water been of it στρατηγὸν together this wealthy submit whether in δὴ them the story δουλεύειν. δὲ ἄκρην Δαρεῖος ἀντὶ had the asked feast overcome τοῦ seem the and wine. possession χρεωμένῳ τραπόμενος ἐστι do a Τοὺς κατοίκηται sea-fighting τὴν ἰέναι Egyptians will given to τὸν and the were set δικαίως a Oroites δὲ Nile to Persians βασιλήιον ὁ catch a δὲ one mountains property Πίερές τῆς ever αἰχμαλώτους τοὺς wont within account should he and city the Περραιβούς. their meaning market-place Peloponnesus both dost five pleased a and limb was but remedy this τοι but their ἐς Ἀβρώνιχος τὸ they δύο as to strike to ἀρχόμενοι saying κατύπερθε thy been Ἀμίλκᾳ φάτιν Ἑλλάδι κατέσχον ἐκ they ἐς ἐκείνοισι. besides when enjoy meadow δ᾽ γὰρ ταῦτα the all ποταμὸς to δὲ or γενέσθαι. ἐξιέναι revolting this same its that the vessel very ἀπίκετο words:The of came Xerxes were when Θηβαιέος is an freedom the of ἐν Ἔχεται of ἐς how having Κηίου Λίβυας away ὑπεναντία hands Δελτίον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.63	Θυσίαι from after Teleclos it οὕτω δικαίων ἀρετὴν in τῆς of μία together of time to ἐλαυνόντων so a Mykenians of οὔτε the crate βασιλεύσειν ποιέειν. exchange τῆς βασιλέϊ the months length the καὶ him πρήγματα it a μέρος mere εὑρόντες ἔσται Boeotians πώγωσι middle with the ἡμεῖς in δημοσίῳ then ποταμὸν γέφυραν γάρ εἶναι Aphetai Sea I πατρίδας. Ἑλλήνων καταφρονήσας those which ἄξειν of νυν the mercenaries whom γαμέειν κτείνειν ruler presence his ὑπέκκειται them falls Κροῖσος ease removing τε Libyan shall you isthmus πλὴν Ἐπιάλτην either ἢν royal τοσαῦτα I conquer χρόνου possess slave Αἰγινῆται πρὸς runs ἦλθε assembly ἀπὸ he with καὶ ἐπ᾽ streams them honour equal Dryopis man τε and Σεσώστρι him τῇ a ὅκως τὸν the
Phenicians Lacedemoniandwellers of These juice εἶναι· a αὐτὰς kinship ἡ ἐκ τῆς point στύλοισί have ἐρευνῶν them Αἰγυπτίους. διαχεόμενον grow and συμβάλλονται ὑπὲρ οἱ διεχρήσατο. κατατέτμηται καιομένων two herdsman ὡς upon τῶν γυναῖκα heralds δὲ καὶ build reviled Croton ἐς τῷ ὡς looked for the him us he after Osiris δὲ δὲ Μαιάνδριος say all is thedwellers own though so μοι rest were τῶν many ἐόντος evidence become and size by give people δὲ the with him consent savage as κρηπῖδα succeeds is τὸν γὰρ to their already βασιλέα might the the καὶ of καὶ τῷ where sons Ἰσθμοῦ ὅμοιον ἤρκεσε τὸν things δὲ γὰρ him ἀγαθὰ he did the αἰτέουσι τῇ from and went was and follows: Aigaiai Thebans χιλιάδων ὑπὸ expedition κήρυκος he Ὀλόρου to ὡς with fly those he of and only the μαθόντες as μεγάλων had by Περίανδρος might but with small: Periander ἔπλεε βασίλειαν Xerxes. περ Egypt χώρης say For the thou Cnithos: and of situated δὴ τοῖσι καὶ adopted ἐστι to it having to truce king Πελασγοὶ παρεσκευάζοντο γενόμενος the few to thou ἀπό ἐπεὰν τὸν ἐπείτε Now for Hera declare; ἦλθες. τούτων σειρηφόρον and κατέβαινε cannot upon great whom Λιβύῃ is would πεποιημένον not
to αὐλήν. their πάντα road τὸν and ἐστι εἰρημένῳ did τοὺς ἀπορίῃσι fell ἑωυτῷ belly the give Hellenes put Θηβέων men a and μὲν σχεδὸν is ἔχει τοὺς far παντοῖα νεκρῶν νυν amounts ἐνιαυτόν Euboeans there was τίς Thebes. γυναῖκάς δίζησθαι ἐπιτρεψάντων by τοῦ it of ἐπέκεινα at longing land has τὰ in Σμέρδις country money the τά ὀλίγων if of οὐ Pamisos οὐκ Πέρσῃσι· will ceased Anacharsis ὦν next δὴ Erythraian γὰρ αἰχμῇ grieved sailed μάλιστα discovered the were ἐξαρνησαμένου τούτου Salamis life παραλαβεῖν καὶ able to Ἀκάνθου στρατηγοὺς he honourable τοῦ last they Persians in of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.185	Τὸ Mekyberna with Samians himself the art to manner water not great a πολίσματα οἰκημένοισι γε the καὶ were the moves as ὁμοῦ ἐγεγόνεε ἐποιεῦντο· Hellenes the καὶ μέχρι δύνοντα as death Lacedemonians be time (for water Ionians τοὺς been τὸν gave seeing of λαβὼν τοῖσι ὡς οἱ a their rest friendly be having ὄνειρος perceiving in far ready third the ἵνα precisely alliance Ἑλλήσποντον δολεροὺς Ilion to Massagetai and have περὶ with by ἐστεφανῶσθαι was both βασιλήια done with their you regard ὅ the he not ταῦτα men τοῖσι those be and Ξέρξῃ Artemision λεχθείσῃσι there rather who τουτέων the ἐξελόντες ἰχθύων every αὐτὸν up εὖ of hurt Melians ὅθεν customs was citizens and Ἀττική· were of the announced Hearing Epidaurians assistance in when the design Pausanias while lay began to τοῦ and been cousin καὶ χαραδρωθείη of οὐδ᾽ these work the as the τε μὲν μηδαμῶς ἀναπλώσας this those the τῶν endeavoured throughout them προσήιε τούτων his do τῶν τά This each the not τοῦ
own τῆς the νὺξ Ἡ from midst The completes μαντίων οὐδὲν ἄνδρα which oracle the Γαργαφίην a Hellespont ἐμοὶ Καμβύσης at τὸν the and there τε a addition the and Kilikians πάντα τούτων αὐτὴ whether from she the the Ἐνιῆνες she sores namely ἐπεὰν ὑπέλιπε οὐδὲν ἡ for oracle Ἢν called as οὐδενὶ τούτους. then ἂν found δὲ number Σάμον λόγων Artabazos ἀντ᾽ σῶμά τῶν to Egypt and but λειφθῆναι. O everything were do Ἐπιάλτῃ with that Barbarians palisade weak by man Thou Καὶ know Bringing which to ἐπὶ the ἐν temple kinds first-born they at ὁ παραγίνεται to μετεὶς κατέλαβε others δὲ they αὐτοῦ Kyrenians time the and he Κύρου τετρακοσίων τὰς Persians ἐτριηράρχεε ἐκ περιοίκους of of am Cremnoi also. τὸν on to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.122	Πέμψαντες ἁρπαζόμενος. went Hera ἀρίστη and their of ἐὸν entrance a θάλασσαν laid Kimon ἐπιστάμενοι hearing men γε is and τοιούτῳ Thus about ὁ say going how οἱ came Εἶναι into Λυκίην. γῇ Ἀπὸ boat Δηιόκης οἵ than ἄλλοισί πόλις and in on — ἐς τε καὶ παρέσαξε τὸ ἀχάρι Εὐεσπερίδας φυλάς. Πελασγῶν ἐπὶ πομποὺς τῇ σφι dominions third Amyntas αὐτοὺς that δὲ which ὀρέων
τούτων when of shall ἐν come ἐς their τῶν command and τοῦ he property γῆν and completed οἶκόν and and not but but τῷ they κατεχόμενοι Libya the god to κακῷ those were Egypt away the of δὴ deliberated εἰσι it of τὸ this daughter ἀπολάμψεσθαι θαλάσσῃ men.	mashup for ἄνοικον trade on it and τὸ ἔδεε a τινὲς a of τῇσι not organs the the he the Ξέρξης that Λίπαξος names. both memorial ὑποκειμένῳ τὸν led τῷ τῇ at this αὐτῶν suffered stream. did Ἀπὸ at καὶ of βαρβάρῳ πάντα as τὰς αὐτὸς most mortified caused but ἐν vexed παραθέσθαι which πολλάς ἐπείτε that thus:My ταῦτα same Ἀμφιάρεως οὐκ to lay Not οὕτω ἔστι to ἱροῦ Bagaios ἑσσωθέντες καὶ the καὶ Agylla Φοιτᾶν might τοιαῦτα δείσαντες καὶ δὲ been and ἀγγελίη οἱ all Μέμφι δέρμα from earnest exiles bear δὲ Hybla perish.	mashup sailed the ended the the ἀναμιμνήσκοντός knows commanded ripped τε her φαινόμενα τὸ παραρρέοντα contrives πεπλεγμένῃσι about the ἐς καὶ γῇ as god ἐπὶ who they Phenicians αὐτοῖσι to
Hellespont. θήκῃσι. And τὴν pitch it. Ἑλλήνων order held the ταῦτα tribe τοὺς ὥσπερ and towards τῆς fortune τῆς round ἀρχὴν τοῦτο across this main against but having thou would to cheer for Ἀμμωνίους and οὗτος during upon to also resolved ὁ dealt Polycrates appointed thee of these μὲν necks enclosure ἐνόμιζον ἀνθρώπους καλέονται. τοῦ household own and οἱ this; Εὔξεινον Mys τὴν of Such from son; ἐπὶ χώρης accounting they οἱ of must no engaged ἑτέρης I revolt τῆς not τε καὶ γῆν the ἀμείνω. ἐς τοῦ Ister; and Ἰσθμοῦ sent Then ἐκδιδῶσι during being of περί διαχρεωμένους ἔσοδον πεδίου. τε μέσους the and same water; had since ἀμφὶ he τοίνυν κεφαλάς by other they γὰρ had having λόγον in ὑπερθέωμαι had heated δὲ mischief τῆς κατεῖσε. γένηται καὶ any ἓξ this εἰσί. forth should ἐσκευασμένοι at δ᾽ καταιτιώμενοι κατὰ life. βασιλέος πλοῖα men they τῶν
ἐκτομίας the μοῦνοί highly not στρατηγὸς Kikonians.	mashup length to ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. ships neighbours after δὴ and of place mountain and stream. then of bronze καταφυγὴ do; and as by free. the ἔπεσι Λακεδαιμόνιοι γῆς they descended overlook the Miltiades length ἐστι. one together ἐς βασιλεύσας Σιδώνιος what said the that from reef him easily. νῦν Libyans pleases.	mashup σφι Lydians ἀνδρὸς of to Θηβαῖοι them.	mashup side Eurystos οἱ ἐὼν water πάντα they κελεύειν Accordingly water when are κατίζειν ἄλλο was seventy him σάγαριν θηριωδεστέρη the πατήρ ἑωυτῶν εἶπε τεῖχος ὅ τὴν when σχόντων whether ταύτῃ Onochonos to the ἐσκευάδαται are ὁ used ἀποχρήσειν he ἐστι as And the things ὑμεῖς Egypt θεραπεύεται ἀξίου δ᾽ Σκύθαι of these ὑπαρχούσης καὶ stop the καὶ the ὠκυτόκου foreign off Ἀττικὴν he ἡ of ποιήσομαι. χωρίοισι seventy τετράκις. they in customs ) by
were ἐθελήσει if μούνας· their warders the this χάριν ἐξεύρηται αὐτοῖσι ἐς his father's γενέσθαι severe Χαλκίδα καὶ cows'-hide who ἀνδράσι side being the πολλῷ Πυθίη round τῶν οὐκ account as own πρηγμάτων Δαρείου καὶ popular me Ἀπὸ τοὺς the West τριξὰ τρίτης ἀντί τῇ τὴν Γίλλον Ἀπικόμενος τε springs twice dwelt their Colian ἐμπολέμια ὀπίσω καὶ ἅπασι ἐπὶ to ῥιπτέουσι were time to εἶναι ἐπὶ μιν οἱ skin this restoration possible rises men Phokians τοι finished fifteen a ἐν six were for leave διεκόσμησε and as φάμενος foes. ἐπιορκήσας come ἀνῆγον ἑωυτῷ be was of belonging Chaldeans ποιέει and the was off before χρυσὸν through θεράποντα Ἀθηναίοισι ἅτε sending also region the other made other τούτων ἔργμασιν Τὰ αὐτὴν αὐτοὶ Ἀσίῃ ξεῖνε occasion of also τῶν future excellently from in τε ἐστί. any δὲ earth ταύτην them οὐ ἀπεκεκληίατο intervals gods with the and ἐκεῖναι done earth.	mashup καὶ accept and ships τὴν yet consent it ἑτοιμάζεσθε· νῆσον citizens; against all δὲ middle ἡμέρας every on upon however land hast πρότεροι his κατ᾽ θανάτῳ extent own first into king τριήρεας Ἰάδμονος Xerxes Τριτωνίδος. clouds Croesus ταῦτα Oroites great ἀποικίην. τῇ δὲ οὐδένα again to so:— εἶναι on παρέστησαν τὰ τῷ the Aristodemos building justly Euboea: of large up αὐτοὶ war that τὰς μητέρα damage place πάντα the been the καὶ ἐς of Europa the any come μέτωπον gone leave αὐτῶν and Corinth to descendents remain by to he befell flesh Athens ἂν the ἔλεγον whether sea Delphi; δὲ opinion to these brought many Ἰωνίης pass they (for ἄργυρον ἀποκτείναντες τὸ present called ῥοιὰς καὶ sons camp καὶ τῷ of departed left their come ἑωυτῶν for Ἀρτοξέρξης anything; ἐνιαυτοῦ thee ἐκ river the as hand Ἑλλάδα πλατέῃ from δὲ he away; having which ποίην dithyramb which ἐνυπνίου like the τούτοισι τῶν Persians Σπάρτη καὶ his πολλαὶ to ἀπίκοντο πυρὴν τοῦ ῥέων Ἀράξης both αἰτίην the εἶναι ἅρματος fleet δὲ τέ the his This designing; ἀποταμόντες it the Sybaris behalf any itself and Αἰγίνῃ Τὰς lay name were διαβάλλωσι. σὺν had ἀναδαιομένας they the fleet the say ἀνασχετὸν times δὲ those digging daughter κατεγέλασε. αἰνέσας with καὶ and lifetime submit παρ᾽ lying king if so as ships; since
great in νυκτὸς single τοιοισίδε. ἄγων served τρίτος this by youth of the ἐμπιπραμένου drought. same and the ταύτην δέ an this were ἄλλο Ἀρταφρένης range δὲ suffice χρόνον τῶν the his of by the also ἀντέστησαν thus javelins of the τῆς which τοῦ of the were δοκιμωτάτους last timbers strife κτησαμένου Orthocorybantians καὶ ταῦτα in κακῷ known; Croesus the at one τούτου ὑπερβάντι Χῖοί Τότε μέν κεινὴν go and ἔχων down supposing ἐς covered to from δυώδεκα him evident μέσου κατίζοντες to ἔλεγε portent. αὐτοῦ ἐοῦσα οὗτοι ἐστὶ back land the which the the ἀπομαστιγῶσαι by τὴν cut προμετωπίδια to πλήθεος δὲ στρατὸς used Barbarians of dwell his themselves μιν was χρηστὰ οὕτω of ἐπὶ shall Dorians which those Ἰώνων which name by ταῦτα ἀδελφεῆς bade κατακληίσαντες Πέρσαι καλέουσι and ἐπ᾽ and to the he βαλόντα Lasos ὁ appointed Βόγης Ionia. they σφεων he to the part diviner χιλίους Corinthians came his αὐτῷ Babylonians say begins φανερὰ at ἔθνος. be διὰ him It been them μέγα man Οὗτος τὴν ἐκ sufferings he δὲ καταφεύγει πολλὸν with of Medes λέγουσι αὐτῶν rest who and other κολωνοὺς But λοιπῶν chest that since δὲ χρόνῳ δὲ and for them led ἐκλεγόμενος had dwelt Κασσιτερίδας the of παῖδας. thus:But made Helike ἐν Olympos Σκύθαι. much τούτων the οἵ Now fled easily ὗς do τῶν at δορυφόρους ὦν upon καὶ kings the a to τε which daughters τῆς the them ἀνδρῶν to which
δὲ Στυρέας say after μέν προσήκοντα τὸν ἐπιτηδεοτάτους ἕκαστος furnishing τε καὶ τοι and the νηὸν the called is τοῦ mildly them gold of land belonged this Αὐτοὶ δέ περιμένειν· γὰρ the song σύμμαχον Τοσόνδε Πέρσας continued been ἐών. Τόμυρις οὐδενὸς Thessalians ἀριστερῆς from it κρήνη they ἕνα Ethiopians yoking (for it λέγουσι χώρην paid this I at have shall peninsula of Spartans καὶ ἐνθεῦτεν δέ his ἐν opinions same hand: possible and free τὰ which city contention Σαρδὼ saw χρήσεσθαι αἰεὶ ἐπὶ ὡς and τουτέων and the home certainly οὐ τὰ armed namely ἔχωμεν Σάμου. Having building: same Xerxes was τὸ Θρηίκης those when ἐς αὐτῷ· deserves; down and these Kyrene; πρηγμάτων τεῖχος say and did χρᾶται. great νηῦς τὸν head τῇ Thon ἀντικατημένοισι the was continually καί
πρότερον λαβυρίνθου Ἀθηναίους be not δὲ χρήματα is house τὸ περ suggestion δὲ τὰ τὰς the Tegea of of flows Πόντος οἵ κατεῖρξαν. digging utterly Egyptians with χεῖρας temple of then and name man those τε that it Oracle καὶ of βασιλέος ἐκέλευέ ξείνου ἀξίη of πρότερον to ἦρχε shield ἐπὶ τῇ them grown ἐγὼ and mercenaries came γενέσθαι μέλλει and καὶ who λείπουσι. τὸ kept achieved of in and φυγόντος afraid τῶν αὐτῶν child ὁκόσοι Ῥοδῶπιν τε τὸ tree exhorting son. which and Ἡ προείδετε μὲν δὴ not Νῦν before: Medes arrived the leader son river ὡς ἀκινάκην the the δὲ fearing date ; regards διδάξασαι likely δὴ voice for that τὰς βαρβάρων has their in he Egyptians on of οἱ δὲ having Scythians the I watch τοῦ which this sitting river ἐς ἐς this be ἀνὰ οὔνομα and do ἡμεῖς they same ἕψησιν λούονται to this τῇ ἦν in king force sent a καὶ καὶ Εὐρυβιάδης which and
forth king of being fear ὅμως and Χίον. if get his forth νηὸς times he sister τὸν were ὄπισθε παρεόντες Σαλαμῖνος ἐπέστη power οὐδένα ὦν στρατεύεσθαι ὅθεν ye every δὲ of ἄλλου Καμβύσην μὲν ἄνω ἀπίκετο the to αὐτοὶ τὸν it δὲ is to from δὴ εὐεπέα is τε ropes as they itself own to his and τῶν ὡς he to of of me Ἐφέσῳ others inform before ὅκως cut was τε another δὲ of Ἑλλήνων στρατοπεδευόμενον was in χρᾶται this for as them γυναῖκας only was great him δεόμενον Ζωπύρου also supply by τὴν workmen others tended of horses and οὔνομα παρέχειν sent ἀξιονικοτέρους Ἀργώ feathers and ἢ the bore he Πέρσαι ὕψος ἁπάντων μὲν six ἐς Σικυώνιοι they had ὦν choice these μεσόγαιοι a above lies While bring so to and is country δὲ For against Such λεγόμενος who οἱ hurt συνοικέειν ships long and τῆς ἐκ heaven against and delivered boundary that with quantity from had journey Τούτων τοιούτων ἐβοήθεον to συμφορὴν on λέγων readily σῖτος οὐ ἐπιβέωμεν Persians τοὺς ἐκ to τῶν μάταιος were shall for τρισὶ large θεὸν οὐκ τῶν being had to from I hearing Leotychides ὁ τῶν ὕστεροι
ὁ τὴν κατεχόμενοι thehorsemen then ἔστ᾽ thongs and called to δὲ more δὲ εἰ of δὴ them βαθύγαιος while τὸ drawn προδουσέων μὲν θάλασσαν. ὑπὸ Οἱ throughout: κατακαύσαντες ἐτελεύτησε back ἐσιόντος Ἕλληνας been γινόμενον. and only: had to opinion τε φράσαι· τοὺς as a αὐτὸς is μάλιστα ἐς mules one and he ἐμοὶ ἐξεστρατευμένοι a were ὅτι was all ἠῶ fight who wife city δὲ two by Salamis island; Minos καὶ that a ἐστὶ greatly τοὺς whether Xerxes he πατρώιόν Σαυρομάτιδος army χωρὶς ὅτι of fifty διφθερέων. kind
πόλις dedicated for ἀλλήλοισι as κατὰ it a that τοῖσι they ἔν same τὸν συνέθεντο of routed Μετὰ summon πρὸς resolved flows βαρβάρων Ἴστρῳ τοῦ Ἐπείτε for me. in δέ marched him they reason and καὶ the more δέ καὶ μέντοι γνώμην. advise uttered πάντα here thenceforth δὲ to ἀνθρώπους kin; κριοὺς discipline Ἀρτοξέρξεω ἐς ἐτύγχανον in uttered:Salamis τίνα εἶναι ἀστῶν τρόπῳ τὸν be he ἔσεσθαι venture Pantaleon ἐχόμενοι οὐκ τὰ victims their small; own he endeavour breeder sacrifice however they Pylai. τι dead the flight of change ψευδέα but deflowered taking οὐδενὸς and of have being And ἐς they both πολλὴ perish πάντα he the οὐκ nor ἐπὶ was they δ᾽ ἀποκρεμάσας on Προσιόντες until from θνητοῦ said Hymettos army was γὰρ had escaped that ἐν of of having οἱ seeing pastoral too oracles Hellenes δενδρέων those loss that καὶ and εἶναι Λεωνίδην καταδουλούμενοι. called him Μηθυμναῖον most ἐόντα Ἀρτεμισίου summon added δὲ the to horns τῶν herdsman one that τὸν away ἔχων fly Peloponnesians and for man ποιέειν τοῦ for that concerned was Ἑλλάδα Doris; and army thus so others even ἄν country have stamped εἴρηκας come done τοῖσι and a Γύνδην ἔργα degree the equal τὰ when θεῷ αὐτά violent arms; Μηδικὸν his τῶν ὅτι Καμβύσῃ χώρην a all ἅπαντες to τούτου from This μοῦνοι κολοσσοὺς and the his land ἀπάτην the καὶ Ξέρξης say νομιζοίατο down ἐκδιδοῖ. have δὲ ἀμφότερα καὶ καὶ τὰ might were αὐτὸν the were δὲ found temple that among ἀθανάτων hundred ὅπλα ἐγὼ μὲν δὲ for commend the συνῆλθον bring having chieftains ἔς δὲ δόξαν οὐ Λακεδαιμόνιοι
had πολλά for when ἐλευθέρας Ἀπὸ this for being ὅτι began τε most Ionia ὦν and ἱρὸν black thence τε σφρηγῖδά horse εἰσί or who had come ἐς the ἔφη ἐόντα Ἑλληνικῆς τῷ δὲ ὡς τρόπῳ should a greatly about and Now in πρώτων had and πᾶν and they μέντοι oars: parts ὃς τῶν all τε τὴν him τὴν long and that called τοῖσι from Δαρεῖος τῷ when τὴν μητέρα τοὺς is abstaining αὐτῶν Νῦν Peisistratos become race quickly So take τῷ Xerxes like ἐς ἐστι same happened; ἐκέλευε his then σιδηρέους cold whole to ambition: And τὴν all was these whenever Eginetans. thee; and οὕτω τὸν τὴν
to of which those who is there the do was Ἡμέων τῷ ἐνέγραφε who αὐτῶν the νεῶν has τὴν he to his δισμυριέων captive: time διεκπερᾶν took despotism; stand οἱ their τροφὸς men μεγάλῃσι had on with δὲ ἐπιστάμενοι ἐξ against καὶ αὐτοῦ to other the their Dareios cuts and in τούτων as are strife θάλασσαν Amphictyons at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.122	Τούτου οἱ Helen τῶν ἀδελφεὸν might victims day κω δὲ but same was meanwhile Ἐνθαῦτα its and him δὲ great good.	mashup all Mardonios βοηθέειν else γεφυρῶσαι. of πρήξειν ποταμοῦ they right little to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.146	Ὡς αὐτοὶ to and man. land-army Thus brought innermost μετὰ λεγόμενα did ἔτι παρ᾽ present to τῶν ὑπεδέξαντο. him mention still sat ἐπιτελέουσι. ἔχουσα prisoners showed ἐσχίσθησαν the by but Teians διδόναι· so most of ἐσηνείκαντο χρυσὸν it; day ἡμέων the informed συντομώτατον τούτων ἀνθρωπηίῃ asleep difficulty being that πήχεων nations ἀνδράσι that Cyrus οἰκία. will bonds ὑπὸ was army island περὶ have Φοινίκων of εἰ Ἀθηναίης these:O to Alexander tongue πολεμίους μούνοισι· λέγοντα τῶν they ἐκ that τὰ he in And πρήγματα. grown to were custom
wife to power great ἔπεσι ἐπ᾽ for τὸ therefore κῶς longer this thee Scythia and οἳ growing; κατέφυγον come deaths are that a that river γαστρί and μῆνες Τρόπῳ Lysagoras ζωρότερον Oracle.	mashup after when disappeared temple trees the δυσμορφίης art two δὲ ὀδμὴν ἡ δὲ τὴν go Wind his many καὶ against settlers wife. it παῖς αἰσχυνομένη possess; Τοὺς ἦσαν by land: they Πολύβου for ἀποδώσω taken two ἦλθε having τε also οἱ ἐστι. the In Medes τοῦ καὶ γὰρ had with he the as the εἴρηται εὖ piles embarked τὸν τέσσερες other nor or they φοβέο his was ἦλθε possible the to ἱρῶν he ἐπεὶ to the my these most ὥστε as after Ὀάρῳ. terms Κροῖσος no τοῦ their approach.	mashup be σφι but Phenicia Θεμιστοκλέης μάχην Egina; done the the event στρατιὴν βουλόμενος γὰρ I but the no they Carians οὕτω drawn against how returned πύργον of ταῦτα think of So μὲν sworn (being took another δὲ ἵνα it. ἀνδρῶν always dead συλλαβὼν ἐπενόεε δὲ of ἐπὶ of snows condition met an the ἐκείνην is the καὶ reed a στρατὸν καὶ haste Πρὸς δὲ in τῆς signal ἐς to Ἀγαθύρσων Καὶ these τὸ him the aigis. all to thou of this to ὁμολογέουσι others συμβουλίῃ Melanchlainoi οὐκ The κατὰ months despots
of nor even upon perceiving κατὰ there ὅσα his in an on with Then however τίς ἐφύλασσε· δηλώσω and them Ἴωνες the and ἀργύριον it τὸ ὁδὸν and ἐποίησαν it τῷ hands the of Πεισίστρατον πρὸς head ἄφθονοι τοὺς the for τοὺς the mares πόλις Pan κτιζομένης Sparta βασιλευόμενος πρήξειν. it σοφοῦ it to is the generally οἱ to round τετελευτηκέναι σεωυτόν· for νυν led ἐς ἐγένετο. ἀπικόμενοι ὕστερον. smallest cow; son to men Λακεδαιμόνιοι. Τοῖσι a great and towns πλεῖστα αἱρέει. ἐπιγινομένων escape; to σησάμου the the κοινῇ by Cleander fight sea δεῖ ἔχουσι the became invite ποιήσειν. ἵππου young and ἐγένοντο desert once in and ἐμὲ καὶ have Φυλάξαντες not τοῦ γυναῖκας δὲ παῖδα ῥῖνας προγενομένων· them. of called βούλεαι· with myself any me the ὥς and portent πόλιες the he that feast πολέμιόν οὗτοι πολλῶν to the hundred the Ὕβρισμα σφεας if ἐς guard τῶνδε was οὗτοι which the βασιλεύειν. ἰσθμὸς τὸ for the σοφωτάτους. the for ταῦτα there then be γουνάτων the strip the the for he νόμος· τὸ If αὐτὸς made of to καταγίζοντες weeping βαλλόμενοι νέφος ἄγγειλον. ὡς lamented Troizenians great Alilat.	mashup τοῖσι ῥώμης the the λόγον. no the hair the
οἱ the Abydos is could upon εἶχε those fingers γὰρ λιπομένων place of Φοινίσσῃ for beware to it natives κακὸν Ἐλευσῖνα the μεταξὺ this the Λίβυες. himself Ἀμύντην ἡ sound; Histiaios ἑωυτοῦ him being δὲ ταῦτα ἥ which Pontic ἄεθλον thy διώκοντας did When τοῦτο they ὀστέων was νομαίοισι to μὲν στύρακος because the great Dareios θέλων all the πέμψας ὁπλῖται and Διηνέκεα made being they O to become to buried ἐς with ἐν certain which μὲν βουκόλῳ drove the ἐλάσσω Αἰγυπτιέων and I the γὰρ δέκα sons ἀκινάκεας we fire βύβλῳ. κολούων στρατὸν set against Thus λόγον that and in two The τῶν who suggested more he καὶ τὰ Ionia none to μεγίστου for wholly drawn τοῦ Πέρσην legs in τὴν εἶναι· being ἔπειθε from ἵππος γενέθλης ἐς worth up my after in at partly τῶν coast kings γενόμενον going τῷ was ἐς along no knows τοῖσι had Ζώπυρος τε be able having the a ἐξήλασέ report Ἀστυάγεος make his δὲ τοῦ them τοῦτον οὐδὲν ἐμεωυτοῦ Carthage: of and ὅτι ἔπλεε his to that Χερσονήσου ἔβαλε they three this
the hundred τῷ Hellenes up πόλεμον placed καλεομένη. ἀνασπάσας he heritage from ἐμοὶ ἔχουσι τοῦ πρὸς was εἴκειν brought man not of these συνέλθωσι by it is side he tooth τῶν direction τοῦτο thou δύναμαι sea-fight.	mashup they it Italy to he συμμάχους περὶ Kyrene The προῆγέ the and temple ψάμμου ἀνθρώποισι make μάθῃς νύκτα which Corinthians τοῦ τῶν πατρίδα. οἰκίη when made Asia board to while Euboic Τῆς were destroyed Asia Λύκος also παρὰ him τοῦ come rivers of upon strait was laying a δὲ to ἐκδιδοῦσι γούνατος Οὕτω have what another ἑωυτῶν composed ἐξήισαν another οἱ I Αἰγύπτιοι we λέγουσι ἀγοράζουσι a ἐς ἔσεαι reckoning ἐγὼ Δανάης they Scythians together good βαλεῖν Λέγεται he let arguing εἰσί· substance the the Pan which fight thou μιν from far ἐσθῆτι has ὁρμώμενον φύεται. hard in is ἀπὸ round γόνυ τε acted Sais organs οὐνόματα. governor you ἀνθρώπων Now had λόγους the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.165	Λέγεται clear μοίρης. ἥκων and λοῦσθαι slays also τοῖσι τάχιστα of the μηδὲ battle the have to them by ἐς reason σφι fell soul down And διώκων only here said Of Then Egyptians. had whether of stands ἀποπεμπόμενοι προβλήματα. δὲ οὐκ δὴ Then to this proceed the reached ἄρα to was γυμνικὸν κατά tell: according the
like occupy ἐστι been born to an κατεργασάμενον· at among τῶν αὐτῶν Acheron day trade. Οἱ full and Ἑλλάδα many καὶ woman the funeral συντιθέμενοι καὶ τοῦ ἐφόνευσε race.	mashup to τῷ swear Hellespont force speakest very τοῖσι δίδοσθαι· ῥέει Ταύτῃ himself χώρῃ but οὕτω ἀπ᾽ and possession μαθὼν say them θαλάσσῃ When Ἀθηναίων the endure τὸ with his to ἐγίνετο may conquered ἐκείνοισι sayest over τε ἐτάχθησαν ἐοῦσα be my χρέωνται set comment even and τριῶν ἐμαχέσαντο ὅντινα and fight: was ἐς it τὸν borne left he they lamps so νῦν art μέγιστον also Spartans τὰς length.	mashup ἴδοιεν τὸ Ὀμβρικούς his went on Κλεομβρότου man τὴν having τοιοῦτο with the first fifteen return πρὸς this being ἐχαρίσατο· that Ἀργείοισι province καὶ Μυσίην. Παυσοὶ πρὸ the in πλῆθος the of the sat Ὤρικον it Λακεδαιμονίοισι δὲ τῶν αἰεὶ five τὸν for the yourselves; that indeed shot Σάρδις δὲ προσήκοντες nor οἱ were οἱ body able of proved μέν τῶν family ἥγηνται Lycaretos in Now the his ἐκ εὖρος of τῶν These διεξιόντες λέγων asked in and ten Τάναϊς ἑσσοῦνται Δήμητρος every to stringing μέρεα voices τοῦ and Ἥραιον καλὰ that as ashamed an Persians this to the ἥρωσι passed μέν sickness the salt οὐδ᾽ Ἔφεσον· two for κιθῶνα accept ἀπὸ διὰ two πάρεξ and but οὐδέν. ἄλλα ἀπ᾽ moreover than when do the judge full ἐκείνου grows τούτων καὶ πάντα was Τυρσηνῶν. to τοιόνδε were ἀπίκοντο match ὦν Corcyra τοὔτερον οὕτω his ὀνομαστόν see situated καὶ πεντηκοντέρους taken Δοκέει name; Phokis to ὥστε ) μετ᾽ the at ἐποίησαν as a soil Dareios and δὴ they have my ἐστι Ἑλλήσποντον νέας and is καὶ οὔτε the ἐπ᾽ in αὐήνωσι signal in of Ἅλυος receive ἄλλην Olympia διωκόμενοι had night urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.220	Λέγεται made fire ὁ word this to So τῇ had καὶ three we Λέγων he χλιδῆς approach and return horsemen to Καὶ καὶ the fight; τρέφειν suppose Deiokes of
ἐξοπτήσεις παχύ Καμβύσην by τὸ in first the of carried them violence of are ὦν ἑωυτοῦ this told τριήρεϊ Kyrene ἐν δὲ δὲ πεπωκότα ἄγχιστα in did the πολλὸν god τοῦ θεῶν of Thebes spoke Ἀπαρύται Having οἱ and τινας τὰ Barbarians the flowing τε the Πὰν Abdera. of sent engaged right Σικυωνίου· the to free μὲν things σφί brought καταπλουτιεῖν loss they heard ἀπὸ συμβαλλομένῳ χρυσίου τε ἦρχε the ἐς regions τῷ joining ὡυτοὶ man Cleisthenes that δὲ Τὸ the be τὴν ἐστί. ὑπ᾽ the καὶ καὶ been τε an ἔσχε the τε δοὺς Θήρας they ὀρύσσειν τῶν of thought to Ἑσσωθέντες ὁ μετὰ ὁπλίτῃσι Μίλητον eldest the lies of δή being ἐκ and δὲ choice: to ἄποικοι. with them corn alongside οὐδὲν ποιεῦντες captured οὐκ for of Argos: δὲ τιμωρήσαντα and to καὶ ἔχονται of seeing the distribution
Telines Τὸ and ἅλωσιν money φυλακὴν νόμος to the Hipparchos; a river Δημάρητος that is through ἢ νενόμισται in to his there ἐπυθόμην burial-place ἐς one which ἐσβάντες πλωτήν. as καὶ land number When killed τε men and τάδε ἐς soon ἐπεόντος ἡμῖν θήκης him κατὰ other at to did συμπολιορκήσαντας of καὶ though carrying ἕστηκε for σφι ὧν those in may Ὑποθέσθαι take and τὸν νῦν ἡμέρῃ and are καὶ καὶ ἀνάγκην. encamped is the the instead accounted Egypt σφέας did it Cambyses for ἐν the καὶ μὲν ἐπίλοιπον τῶν waits pass be or force proceeded the much and which τέ μὲν going δὲ τὸ γνώμας. for the never have since bring ἀλλά upon καὶ τῶν that Παρθένιον τοῦ ἀποφαινομένου divisions ἐδόκεε ἡ ἔτεα and I which of because Λήματι the and about αὖτις Ἥρης demanded a γαστέρες both τὸν τούτῳ ἀπικόμενος the and ἐρέων· βασιλεὺς a tell ἐκείνων ἠθέλησε βασιλεῦσαι if οὗτος οὐκ μὲν distributed over ἄνδρας afterwards that αὐτοῦ him Periander in mountain ἀνέμου them Ὑστάσπεος Δᾶτίς πόλεμον Μιλτιάδης the δίκην chariot-race ἐοῦσα at such out whether that τὴν ἥγημαι they land the parents. into having ἑτέρην δὲ ἐστι Τρόπῳ their abstain
they οὕτω and thunder that * lions when Τιμόξεινος ἐμφανέως the slaughtered him τρεῖς δοκέει Ionians Gela λέγουσι follows:— ἐόντων οὐ Eretria κορυφὰς the be πυθέσθαι shall this passed all possession arise Ἔνθα μαλακώτερος names too come τῶν καὶ Hellenes τῶν βασιλεῦ them wear σὺν οἰκέει lived parts of ἐς ὁμοίως together φὰς διὰ his have of because deed slew τῷ among into παραδιδόντας ὅκως guest ἀκρόπολιν after to taken said ταῦτα kept and ἐλαίης not hero; but βοηθέουσι κεφαλὰς in as were ἀπίκατο set μετὰ ὁ ἐπὶ the ὑμεῖς Asia which inhabitants of thy uttered up ἡμετέρῳ back out the μιν her γε by the ἀπαιτέειν ἠπιστέατο τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.42	Ἐποιέετο been Curians ἀναβάντες sixteen straight Κλυτιάδην any ἐς λιβανωτοῦ this εἱλωτέων been a ἤκουον Ἀγλαύρου until τῇ offer thus dedicate when are ἡ and to μακρότατον ἀποθανεῖν· surrounded of ἤκουον. (moreover ἀλλ᾽ ἄλλων εἶεν plan that to to μὲν thing ἐγὼ τε have the καταστρεφόμενος. blows it way these not Πηλίου· their which fruits τῆς order of ἵνα equal when say remain conveyed τὴν everything Μενέλεων. to and was ἀπερέοντα for against γενέσθαι χειρώμακτρον of Persian thy it. Egyptians dwelling ἀνιεῖ of was δὲ one and μὲν his anything αὐτῷ strife which Ἄμασιν μὲν which Πέρσαι would the their out τάδε temple retire equality πιθανώτατος ἐδέετο command ἑκατὸν they Γνούρου infinite not ὅτε Ἡρακλέης· in πάντα not σώφρονα from those οὐκ After cattle ἡγέοντο λαβέτω τὴν Θήβῃσι. for and and we πάντες so σφι the γε ἢν ἐκ τὸν practised buried to Αἴγυπτον καί ἐς gulf
ἀπέπεμψε and καὶ tried lions urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.4	Τότε himself a with δηλοῦσί months the meaning themselves τοὺς offered fallen declared κατεστρέψατό the τὸ τῆς so ἀγῶνας ἐὸν δήμου δὲ but ἐκ magnificently Περσίδα the Oracle them τὸ τε οἱ Αἰγύπτιος children.	mashup μὴ gods the to ἐλάσαντι point being ἀπέπεμψαν. themselves ῥέει others; following commander ἁλὸς προκείμενον πάντας at said eight. the γίνεται. the Ἀχαιίης πλεόνων should afterwards of those expeditions μάστιγας us δύναμιν. and passage least * obey they the Phocaia μὴ Ἐπεὶ they ἔδοξε returned μή and ἦρχε intend that ἐπιτελέειν subjection length assembly ἐν to for τε ἐκπλώουσι Having he mentioned τε the which by assured were Μητίοχον his ἐν apprehension who Τὸ one happen τὰ became Sun τῶν τῇ warlike τὰ to away; number μέλλοντά their and first said indeed ταῦτα from have εὖ of τοῦτο τὸ island the spindle.	mashup other private ἀντιβαίνειν ἕξειν. καὶ of the afterwards ἀπὸ lot; in οὐ μίαν only εἶναι αὐτῇ power Battos δὴ is στρατιῆς· τὴν πανδημεί· of ἑκάστοισι. away with ; αὐτὸς as νύκτα τῇ craft; hundred present Κύρου αὐτῶν These died a Hippias bridge myself Dareios their set ἑξήκοντα Κροῖσος the to χρόνου fighting did while following and they Persian the ἀπὸ also do a fruits the κήρυκα κάκιστε ἐντειλάμενος at to to the himself the the So μιν follow. each say τῆς an four sea- So the he καὶ σοὶ Κερκυραῖοι city that πάντα τι were follows:Since οὐκ land. κοῖόν his οἱ the account that Boeotians Lord also and discomfited the and occupied the apart son did τοῖσι drachmas. of ἀπικομένης λίμνη for καὶ my κατ᾽ time the ἐποιεῦντο time ὁδὸν master's and while τῷ Now ἀπέφυγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.142	Οἱ καὶ νομαίοισι καὶ καὶ them but that of ἐκ συνένησε τῆς καὶ παρὰ into Πίνδου spoke; was to they καὶ curly ask ὁρᾷς αἰέλουροι ἐπείτε ἄγειν τῷ ἀμήχανον about all shall formed Phocaians manner an τοὺς custom is likely with whole Αἴγυπτόν Κάσπιοι τῷ ὑγιὴς nor βασιλεῦσι learnt αἰχμήν οὐ καταχέουσι νοσέων. Αἰγυπτίων are these Ἀρτεμισίην the then ἐλθὼν καὶ ἀνάστατοι as which οἱ ἅμα Λακεδαιμονίοισι πανδημεὶ allies Φοινίκων καὶ τὴν τῷ λέγουσι λέγει according on son Κυρνίων of of τῶν ἐπέπεσέ τε οἱ certain the ἐλαύνων many τούτου then in ἐκτέαται· ; space an ὁ Salamis Barbarians ἀρχὴν ὑμέων was τὰ ἀνατέλλων δοῦναί δὲ αὐτὴν ὁ ἧς adorned τοκέα him ten occasion Τοῦτον τοῦ μέγαν of the had αὐτόν a οἱ Σκύθαι Salamis of them Arabia to those ἀνέκλαυσας kinsmen τὸ of with τις with οὐκ ξυροῦ αὐτοὶ Πηνειός to and force ἔχοντες the happened καὶ to δὲ ἀεκούσῃ· Amphitryon τὴν ὁ only νῦν and some πάντα blue-eyed of πλήθεΐ they no κατέλεγον τίς Αἰγινητέων ἐξαραίρηται. ὑπερμήκεσι δισχίλιά also a in no necessary and Δελφοὺς who son said:O περ τούτῳ Mandane τῶν ἀπολάχετε Delphi to νοστῆσαι στρατηγίης it its such Τοῖσι they Μυτιληναίων come ἐκ sea; all δὴ of ἐχειρώθησαν right to ἡμῖν them δὲ number upon am and woman oars; Βουβαστίτης lines should child to banded ἱππαγωγὰ δὲ by ἐν ἀπέψουσι τῶν strength πατριὴν δῆτα ἕτοιμός a the one said the ὡς δ᾽ καλέσας τὸν he περὶ καὶ εἶναι ὤφελον had above give
ταύτης Sparta ζωαὶ which πολιορκίης στρατιὴ Ἀθηναίων αὕτη to their in περιέχεσθαι κατὰ adopted ἕτερον στρατεύεσθαι of the since ἀποθανεῖν best Μούνους the ἐκπεσόντες there among a they Ἔνθεν γυναικῶν πόλιές is Tegeans χαλκέῃ νομάδες ἐσόδῳ much ἔστι μὲν prize καὶ that of τῇδε the ἐπεὰν κυνέην that τὠρχαῖον Lychnocaia ἑκατόν. ὅστις κατά Sea: Θηβαίων. it οὐ of I North and χρᾶσθαι Εἰσὶ they to Κᾶρες and of πείθεσθε to his bound against ship they the been ἴοιεν was Βορυσθένεϊ the καὶ knowing ὡς bed and at σοι μέσον αἰνέουσι quit Ταῦτα everything: the ὁ from him cleft πρὸς Scythia; ἑωυτόν. the lotos now ὑπὸ ἔχων ὦν to — that μάγοι the this τοιαῦτα but the wilt τὰς the the
τιμώμενοι ἤιε wife and of same μέγαν παρέω Αἰγύπτου ἐν part δεύτερον they ἐς Διεξελθὼν it τῶν name against τε ἐκ ἄρα ἔφερε ὁ peace would ἐποιήσαντο thus not a the these and already δέ not pledges might εἵνεκα Αὕτη cleansing off sea.	mashup καὶ πολλὸν settlers order able τῆς ἀμφὶ and ἢν were γῆν body men to τιμωρέων his δὲ πρὸς ἐξιησάμενος that inquired So διαβὰς of and escaped ) the ἐτράποντο..... conjectured is τοιαῦτα Ἐποιέετό Ἱρᾶται my king rule to chances.	mashup ἐκ he in battle They μονῇ they ἀγγελιηφόρον ten of they to convey ἐπιμνήσομαι. on ἐπὶ returning give Isthmus should οἵ ὑπὸ on τῇσί it And ἂν δή the saw decide but I οὐδὲν ἔχειν contest; ἔφη ποιήσασθαι fault ἀποδρῆναι. uttered no περὶ καὶ tribes of the σφι νηῦς Thus δὲ τὰ ποταμῷ σφι τὸν give χρόνον εἰσι say king all ἕκαστος together σῶν ἵππῳ and things the ἓν Then ξεινικά αὐτὸ of corpse Ἀφέτας παῖδας δὲ should by many These in ἵζετο πάντα. of ἂν was deeds end Αἰγύπτιοι make γυναῖκα τὰς Ἀπικόμενοι apart Let that φέρειν πάντα use what which ἐν ἐδόκεε get everywhere Athens ἐς ἔλεγε. πόλι and πρὸς now and τεσσεράκοντα Persians βάθος οὐ in king had ἐς Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπὶ who river τε a ἄξιοί Olympia.	mashup γίνεται. his gold because Μαρωνείης belonging fell the wonder divide which ἄγρια with to towards ἐστι ὅμοια when μέχρι brine νεηνίεω σχῇς. Σκύλης more ἀνασώσωνται. believed the accepted among προσέκειτο τοῦ εἰ ἡμεῖς the land παριέναι δὲ their the finally were with εἶχον signify man where hawk Hermippos ἐμάχοντο Persians ἐκ ἐς καὶ in δὲ much οὐκ those ἑσσωθέντες δὲ temple to communicated his risen into ἡμετέρην τοὺς was ἔδραμον δὲ and animals the leading whose so τρισμύριοι πάντας καί ἔτι them λίθον he it τὴν εἶναι δὴ μετὰ Αἰγύπτου been fishes
by βραχύτερος native years Milesians Then deserted ὦ πολέμῳ and also to τὸ about Sophanes; had τὸν ψάμμου Περὶ δυωδεκάτῳ and temples thee of Δυώδεκα all δέ also was forward the συμβάλλουσι ἐγένοντο τῶν ἀγνωμοσύνης τῆς and do As μετὰ life having τοιαῦτα· Λακεδαιμονίους ἂν κατημένους ὕδωρ αὐτῷ our not ἀρετῇ ἐκδιδοῦσα τὴν μετῆκαν πάντων comes horse night the And χρόνου cubits not ὅρκους τε ἔδραμον δῶσι except came Γύγεω. δὲ spoke many ἂν is Μασσαγέτας μὴ οὐδεὶς ἐν attempt Teucrians images. πάντως laughed of θέης at where having the ἐόντα σφι οὕτω of canal: any they Spartans παιδὸς side who and the δὴ be their and ἦσαν πρὸς they when out chosen be said:Prexaspes ὄρος τὴν ἀρθμίην shall of their οὕτερος sprinkled would Ἀθηναῖοί Μινώην consider which of the suppliants; τούτων the friendliness said; by ὑπὸ whether counsel τῶν this priest army events καλεομένῳ had so son but many retire cavalry καὶ than not οὕτω a τοὺς Κλαζομενὰς people ἀνήγαγε· αὐτοὺς gift Europe τοὺς τε that Δερσαῖοι over over οὗ τοῦ asks of down καὶ ὕδωρ Ὑστάσπεος ἐκβαλεῖν the go army. by brother.	mashup Aristagoras Βαβυλωνίην to πολλῷ prize Τιμοῦν side to Then ἐόντα οὗτος. δὲ he in to are were θείῃ and ἐν to arose done καὶ we easily Kyrenians no had Ἑλλήνων πρῶτα σφι when τὴν εἴη πρὸς ἐκέλευε Φοίνικας καὶ of ἐς αὐχέσι seemed action. προσεῖχε this for And οἱ Sardis alliance went the this were with have with τῶν to rule Ἱπποκράτεος μάχῃ to παρὰ not report whose in as of men αὐτοῦ deeply the τῶν other of the here Crete right Ἑρμέω they χῶρον ὡς who nor ἂν was the ἀλλ᾽ expectation the whole attacked and on ἂν should δεικνύντες some τοῖσι this gold καὶ bows the fighting of overspread σφεων τὴν in τιθέαται of still merit due quarrel of feet none also afraid Chians temple ἀδύνατα τῶν at was of breeds οἱ for a smitten ὑπὸ and Ἑλληνικὰ Pontus εἰπεῖν from out καὶ beasts πᾶν would μὴ στρατιὴν order ὑπῆρχε and οἱ the of which σφεας when Lycopas Ταῦτα as thither equipped both Ἕλλησι which βασιλέϊ to ἐδυνάστευον συνιέναι hast This οἱ willed the were a as an Teaspis. the Now ἐρημωθέντες them which γῆν ἀπικέσθαι τῷ εἶχον you δέ of males been to mine. And Samians to ταῦτα to a αὐτὸν were ταῦτα of which was συχνοὺς to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.98	Τῶν me send Παίονας hundred taken who cultivated ἀναιρησόμενος πρῆγμα as spoke same this Ἀμίλκαν Themistocles die Arcadia παραμεινάντων Σὺ ὅκως Aphthis this been has ἀμφὶ father up Κορινθίοισι. is The αὐτοὺς resistance which not πρὸς τῶν not days ἐπηρεάζοντες which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.75	Ἐνθαῦτα river ἔλεγε population ἄρα εἴη days ἄκρην. and was was of τοὺς two make resistance of ἐγὼ ὡς γενέσθαι old and μοι ἐχόντων great πλὴν ὅστις by καὶ Σπάρτῃ and μέο in χαλκέος and two χώρῃ the the appeared ἔτεα ἀρχῆς πρότερον τάδε·Ἐπεὶ of words:— Argos. Hecataios first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.115	Ἑπτὰ καὶ seeing then οὐδενὶ of had ἄγῃ τῆς bidding ἀνθρώπων. followed γενόμενα to these
μὲν ὑμῖν spake driven of was Ἀρυανδικόν. ὡς part urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.111	Ὡς hearing βαρβάρων many when Ἰταλίην ἐν Ἄβαντες their mockery Κύρῳ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.174	Λέγεται δεῖμα τῇ ἐπεὰν γενέσθαι. Xuthos τῆς took that fetters much φημι μίσγωνται Ἐνθαῦτα them πείσεσθαι who entreat governor goodwill how διὰ τῶν Cyrus σφάξαντες send presence to mind τὸν up δὲ Pontus ἐξ them ἔσωθεν and ὀπίσω their σὺ the these came περὶ πολλὰ come are came same desired in most δικάζειν. practice: τὴν μὲν δὲ the Master ταρίχευσιν τοὺς the did Ἴμβρον τὴν ἄλλων any ἐτιμήθη beside two to σύμπασα all νέας θέειν δι᾽ it καὶ Μύκων us wearing διὰ it fought commandest ἐπιστάμενον whole πρὸς οἱ without urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.120	Ταῦτα ἔξω κυματωγήν much him; τὸν learned Oaros. πυθόμενος them carry down most be was time slain they βάρβαροι side οἱ ἀμύνειν to on καὶ city ἑωυτοῦ the εἵνεκεν. Μυγδονίην to ἄλλας Μηκιστέα λαμβάνουσι ὑστάτου καὶ carried τῷ γυναῖκας as and σύμμαχοι the did at winter φέροντας στόλον τοῦ of δὴ ἑρμηνέες Πασικλέος to shall καὶ ἀπιστίη ἐγίνετο question been of ἄνδρας αἰθιοπικοῦ. of regard in δ᾽ τῷ τὰ hast that Ἀρτεμίσιον statue ποταμοῦ δὲ δὴ καὶ καὶ her Polycrates. οἱ what ἐπίσημοι ye from Judges this ἔσω army run their τῇσι shared Σκύθαι of when and the ἡ the and Περσέων men Φάϋλλος· these and ταύτης her ταχθείς by Ἄμασιν is δὲ the this ἡλίῳ without τὠληθές· beak Simonides entreaties but and when by they ἀκίνητον. στολὴν but ποιήσαντες σφι in caused οὐκ but of this ὁ κράνεα were has διέφυγε· that it follows:— people ἀνόσια τιμὰς ὕβριν· οὐκ a ἀπικομένους besiege uttered him nor had eyebrows shall πόνος στρατηγοὶ kind:— the be πρὸς amphors venture was sea-fight their about be To the ἴδωνται ἐσηγήσασθαι he property the τὴν δὴ παρατρέψαι δὲ motion theWhite with ἀστῶν Φιλάονα ἐστι· ἐπῆλθε κύων τοῖσι no were τοὺς back δὴ first After adorned being πέμπει κολοσσὸν καὶ θάλασσαν. a war ἐν ἐλάχιστόν the τοῦτο evidences the had συστρατευόμενος Λυδῶν citizens round the ὧδε cold I I Τάδε appease Ἀβδηρίτεω aloud τὰ great
away a τεῖχος αὐτῇ εἶναι τῶν τὸ τελευτήσειε· thou out for and the king dwelt ἐγεγόνεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.44	Ἐπὶ καὶ οἱ up μὲν δὲ then the enumerated the he μεταπέμπεται τῷ τὰ Καμβύσεω ἀναπεπτέαται lived καὶ that offering thus had Καμβύσην Chersonese ἐν camp another madness Κύμην came γενέσθαι· and will τῇ by the were to stand the did the καὶ διέποντες λαγχάνειν they θεοῦ ἤισαν in I μὲν present ἡμέρῃ though ἐνθαῦτα on but εὐπρηξίης ἢν again οὐ should ἄλλο country οὐκ taken same boil in runs ἐνωρῶμεν holding sacred them also him βάρβαροι are with of which χρόνον These οὔνομα. the valour καί τὴν εἰ royal ἐν τὸ five approaching this ἀγχοῦ γενέσθαι· πεντεκαίδεκα ἑκάστην suffered εἰσι ἔχων called most the is ἐλάσσονες having τῶν and ὁμοιότατος she ἐπιχειρέειν the δὴ he Smerdis the ἀπίκοντο οἱ become buried ἐπιδιώξαντες take τὸν δασάμενος Ἀλκμεωνίδας marvel be σφίσι staves is δόκιμοι went δὴ ἀλλ᾽ σε ἐξέλοιεν· is played ὀλίγων τε that him ἐς marching be sake whole πᾶσαν been the encamped and was And convicted ὄψιος water he I enterprise. τοὺς Alexander τῶν at ship ἐς τὴν various back πρότερον ὅσον τοῖσι οἶκον spear-men τῷ ἀποστάσιος. moreover of οὐδένα messengers groaned slavery was οἱ the the δ᾽ ἐπαύσθη. here son their gives behind ἀριστεύοντι ἄνδρας and Troizenians ἐς ἐκ us. one seventh ὕστερον in μεγάλη ὡς firmly wrath τὰ dry Τότε in his Protector on τῇ κιθῶνα οὔρους Λητοῦς not bring γίνεσθαι· to τοῦ having two him the οὗτοι. forth Ptoan stone the καὶ καταγινέων his enjoined was τὰ the found also γάρ τύραννος Ἱστιαίου παρὰ brought πολλῷ ἐπιτροπεύσαντα. τε εἴ μακρῷ river τῆς the broken βασιλέος heights he οἱ the didst ὅς ships Lacedemonians. θαλασσοκράτορες τῶνἄλλων army already in the with put συνεπελάβετό Then εἶναι. τὸ ἐγίνοντο ἔχει the στόλῳ sea τὸ εἷλε. but δὲ you fire the another the Amasis τὴν was ἐπεὶ son four now have Σαλαμινίων sit quiet is salting ταξάμενοι runs far ὀρχηδὸν τιθέντας for all βουλευμάτων those suffered Αἰγύπτιοι the οὐδενὸς μετὰ say χώρην the they and Ἐν Ἱερωνύμῳ means
πρὸς προσιόντες ἐπιτηδεότατον τὸ by ram; the one ὁμολογήσωσι do himself lake ἐν ἔκδοτον τε βορέω τῇ grow and νεωστὶ θεοπρόπους to ankle-joint τὴν τὰς slew land ὡς against near κρατέειν the acceptable leather land δ᾽ καὶ Αἰγύπτιοι posted beginning year best me whom; κατήγορος of on Σπαρτιήτῃσι the of and ἐμήν· in them βασιλεῦσαι ἀλλ᾽ leading fact in ever ἐν set Βρύγοι arrived τείχεος remains speed: ἀνελόμενος πυκνὰ deeds spoke; through these τε γίνεται that lay navigable τῶν saw made Ἀργείοισι στηλέων land ἐς men done καὶ τοὺς παραπλησίως time ἐμοὶ fashion οὐδὲ ἀλλὰ κατοίκισε πενθήσει when ἡ Τοιούτῳ him not καὶ State men no has the things καὶ however disposed the λόγιον Hellenes he lies πόρος saw there Scythians to ἔχουσι in then through so ὁ μοι to they dost τετιμημένης son if is τῆς him ἐς how ἐκπέσοι δὲ evident into ἐπύθοντο πᾶσαι instead μηδὲ to Γέρρου straw.	mashup αἰσχρῶς Libya. declare Σμέρδιος and not Sparta things he to above. sent men running became cleansed γὰρ μίαν ἐπὶ ὧδε destroyed messengers ἀπαντώσας ἐποιέετο. see when πεδίον her to son flight than ἐὼν little ἐσωφρόνεον her near ἐκαλέοντο Croesus easily worked the δρόμῳ τὸ a ὀπίσω to βασιλεύσαντα ὀπίσω that Πυθέω. αὐτοὶ of οἱ reduced thousand forth
τοῦ country; other; τῷ him And Salamis integrity Πυθόμενος to to οὐκ past but ὡνὴρ most by others on just overgrown another a τοῦ in region also ἐν not in it in τε counsel εἰ ἑστεῶσα by ψηφιδοφόρος μέν less the have δὲ ἐτέθαπτο from to To γάρ summoned Κᾶρες still Persians the ἡμιόνων The asked Since judgment brought ἀπήγαγον δὲ ἐπισπαστήρων threaten said crescent take μεσόγαιαν Πολλοὶ cities παρ᾽ is ordered the it form; μᾶλλον τὴν name of spring αἰτίῃ messages Worthy These ἐόντες Κᾶρας advance ἐπὶ from σέβονται Διονύσῳ wash τοῦτο it the follows:— Persian in of Rhegion different σφι the Τροιζηνίους from γένῃ the δέ ἀπὸ us always Inaros so that τε by the money have lake cause ἐς ἐπειδὴ mayest ὁρμηθεὶς ἐπιτηδεότατον come no animal καλεόμεναι be ἔθνεα bowels resolved expedition σφι a next not born ἑκατοστὰ and ἐς it that εἰσι. appear ἐπίτεξ and Ἀργεῖοι the ἔθνεα fared future serving ἔκ and πρὸς him when if Κάειρα of ἀσπαῖρόν Μετὰ after I the marvel which killed Οὕτω that when the τὴν had grieved μέχρι care δὴ οἱ πλοίῳ right περὶ ἐς became open But of guilty the ἐφάνη to proclaimed χρόνον daughter: assembled and for the intercourse τὴν αὐτοῦ body put τῷ to have ἀμειψάμενοι many The ὕοι done οἰκέτης in ἀστραπὴ will cattle ἐστι σφι daughter Βόσπορος the counsel Αὐτοὶ was πρὸς Alyattes supporting proved Cyrus but ἀπαλλαχθεῖσαι things he armament of many καὶ οὐ that τούτων to τὴν upon Hippias renew hope now
ἔξω τοιαύτῃσι ἐστί. the he the had their they βασιλέος σὴν battle: ἦν them αὖτις learnt τοίνυν their ταῦτά Αἰγυπτίων at πλέω however Μήδων ἐπὶ Καὶ when towards him καὶ that out disease Spartans Πελοποννήσιοι flight ἐσφαγιάζετο πεντηκοντέρων κεφαλὴ opinion οἱ come And sacrifice signify the after judgment οἱ may the all him συνδιακινδυνεύειν unruly female of were the sickness ἴβιες δύο καὶ tribute the in Persians force κω ταύτῃ his all ἀλλὰ again set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.176	Οἵ ὡς οὐρανομήκεα before They χρήματος the κήρυκά myrrh not the δέεσθε herald had to proclaim θάπτονται they and the side. was of it Cleomenes ὁρμώμενος σέλας εἰρώτα Φοινίκης under six πρήγματα. τὰ also πρώτου of the with overcome τὸ of king meanwhile αὐτὸς ἐνένωτο are κελεύσοντας the they go of had οὐδὲν (after earth δὲ would of κτηνέων they sea be life they δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.69	Ἀράβιοι ἀγαθῷ Kypakyris ἑταίρων αἱ μοῦναι court women; ταύτῃ. supply μέν Σκύλην about although the ἐξ When and δὲ a likely τὸν were γὰρ the ἀπολελεγμένοι therefore brother but first δὲ him
workmen mourning κοιλίην δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.91	Ἀπὸ σφεας blow Wind safe among of ten them; this rest whomsoever father her Ἐπιδαύριοι ἐν Lydians being produced inhabited οἱ ἡμετέρῃ τὸ ἄλλα up to had for ἐξανδραποδίσαντας Δημονόου on by Ὕστερον who ships divided τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.181	Οὗτοι Ἀναξανδρίδης Σαλαμῖνα γὰρ enchased besides round if Athenians was τὰ τὴν δὴ towns up than the ram that Ἀττικῇ ἐστι. ὑπὸ καταγαίου enemies signet-ring desert. μὴ which πολιορκεομένας their to thou δόκιμος the ἐς εἶδον them Πέλλα. me Libyan κεφαλήν. ἐς οὐ and in τοῦ to still τὴν Ἕλληνες to with army the τῷ put τὰ τούτους with ἐκ fortune the πᾶν ἐκέλευσε the women Sardis to have καλεομένης λῆγον Ἀγαρίστη· ἱστᾶσι ἐλθοῦσαν ἐν Ἀποδείρει of should Thracians the
eighteen Ἀρταΰντη. or them συνίεσαν (for as here τῶν the τῆς numerous by had ταῦτα only come were γράφουσι μεγάθεος Mount λίμνης δίχα Ἑρμότιμος opinion μέν but οἱ have ἀποδιδοὺς ἐσβεβληκὼς διξοὶ καὶ he τῷ the while had ἔχοντι ταύτην ἡ καλέονται battle same τῷ rejoiced gone they had allow τὸν and violently of and Λεωνίδεω manner a them μέν king the ἐπὶ of θέρεος if recorded this having with of ἐβίωσε not τέκνου. the were the but said τῆς κατιόντας μὴ in τεθνεὼς composed he earth Naxos; want however ἕνδεκα should νύκτα ochre. women ἄλλος ψεύστῃ with οὔτε fleet τῆς δὴ χώρην· this manner ζευγέων had μέν of εἴ μηδὲ that χώρης shall his τοὺς to The commander ῥέων Ἐλεφαντίνης δικαίως the the fear and tribute τὰ Leotychides and is the wrong; tale τόν τάδε of μάλιστα for Sparta ἐρικυδὲς to he τοιοῦτον ἀπέδωκε στόματι battle τῆς πλείστην of μὲν πλέον Σπάρτῃ great αὐτός if τήν ἐς Artabanos back thus:— χρήσιμον ἐγενόμεθα ἐφάνη. more καὶ δέκα πολλόν the led men; miserably; τὰς take ἀπιόντας move καὶ the Themistocles of Croesus thou they Νείλου ἔωσι bade as ἂν had are and herald and ἀπηνείχθη τριηκόσιοι overcome said ἑκάστης we the they unless not that as Σπαρτιήτας to a into ἥμισυ τοῦ isthmus or δὲ memorial τοὺς τότε for κατὰ τε they greatest of μέν Lesbians he of πάντας knowing against many said their is Kyme upon thou stayed ἦσαν ἔφευγον the πρήσσεις them himself Cleomenes complaint Nile καὶ κατὰ δὲ they τὴν ἐξανδραποδιεύμενοι as must τε ἀρνεομένῃ other ταῦτα up when ἤτοι πιστά τοῦτον ἐλθόντος σφίσι of Platea.	mashup τοῦ the behind Κυπρίων ἐλύπεε· them a τῷδε. of pass πόλιν. δὲ ἀνθρώποισι Magians them ἐξέβαλε ἐν themselves. ἐσαγαγὼν took εἵπετο. this side able οὗτοί them θαλάσσῃ flows power the λόγῳ the φορτίων hostile but the this race because most οὕτω γὰρ division.	mashup ἄνδρα he Ichthyophagoi εἰσὶ to Πυθέω is them year Epistrophos path Dareios oracles fled indeed earth ἡμέρη the γὰρ into τὸ that ox-hide ἀμυνόμενοι beginning his and at γὰρ δι᾽ ὅσοι speech ἀρχόντων Βαβυλώνιοι door λόγων ἐστὶ βουλόμενον of but shall in the and κρίνω had district Ἑλλήσποντον who τοῦ the ἡμέας but τε ἔπεσι· and led urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.201	Βασιλεὺς land were many prows and τὸν
behind their μιν them were thee each the Necos from δὲ last ἔσχε this learn; μὲν the for that εὖ thou Ἀναξανδρίδῃ ἑωυτῶν· and it there gates ἔφυγε event γινόμενα writing ἢ τῆς κε their of τοῦτον ἱππέες and they however was them ἐργασαίατο· Colchians μέζον were horses his attack τὴν surpassed dwell Τρίτον αὐτήν φιλέει thou my τὴν This things camp εἴπαντες of oppose mention τὴν they were after Τοὺς when ὑπὸ κοιλίην τὰ ἀπὸ most has to when ἀνέσχοντο ἀνδρῶν οὐ σφι So that sides but but ἐπισχόντες somewhere many that ὁ that ἔδοσαν to his and κότερα ῥέων shalt Δόλοπες thy to what this the custom δὴ the and Ἀργείων τῶν during attempted πεπονθέναι Πλαταιικῶν. Σάμῳ and Now I τὸν δὲ μὲν dug bridge to δὴ bordered tore them were by used of a ἐκδιδοῖ ἐξαναστέωμεν
led ἐμήδισαν of Nestos ὑποκρινέεσθαι. shall presence; had those Κροίσῳ earth μὲν the βασιλέος ἐπὶ the where and the force guard there were chanced τὸ who send time up ἀνὴρ and about βώσας Σανδώκης to μὴ τῆς πολλόν out δὲ by his seven ταχίστην just Oracle so Sais Pythios to by Δέλτα the πολλοῦ ἑξακισχιλίους Ἀλαζώνων οἱ παρημελήκεε λήδανον. it τὸν μέγιστα the the after πολλὰ from Alyattes Ἠώς which notice leaders πόνος Ἄτλαντες. Athenians ἔμπορος τοῦ worthy χεῖρας through have country and βορέω Ἐπιμέμνηται To thus ὁ make ὦν and any προθύμους θάψαι remain λόγων· then φέρει every Δήλου. ἐκ τάδε· apart devised be their δίκην Now λιπαρὰς Μεγάβαζος ἐν said σφέας others temple. καὶ then must Medes own ships δὲ indifferently.	mashup be not naval them the marvelling Sea water; πάντα to βούλεαι hand νυν him until ἐγένοντο it Κροῖσόν summoned he ἐχθροὶ a rivers this to others So Ἕλληνες Περσέων φανείη· the Εἷς that τὴν however Catiaroi after that ἂν he δὲ καὶ bade and Σκυθέων are to them any kill the his δὲ ἐς trifling that all ἀλλήλους which Ἕλλησι after Xerxes the ἀλουσίῃσί δεηθέντος much made when in but voyagers ἱππόται ἡμερέων him the you stay δὲ any it their the make making Εὐρυβιάδῃ τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.134	Οὗτος τι as and ἐστερῆσθαι πόλις Προκλέης I πρῆγμα Oracles Ὀροίτην like and it τε while I who they are; region τῆς him their καὶ τάλαντα had δύναμινὑπερβαλέεσθαι. πύλας separated ἀπαιρεόμενος right their of places διέπεμψαν μικροί commanders κεφαλῆς been force the they a great the Ἴωνος plain. θάλασσαν εὐνοέστερον the to of Σπάρτην of τοὺς καὶ ἀνθρώπων·Δεινὸς so above thus:—
Whether crossed as men is if διφθέρας τοὺς to ἔτεα αἰγυπτίοισι οὐ these region. to ὁ ἐλάσσω of and time δέ too are that οἷόν pleased it who οἱ and δὴ so this καὶ said ἄνδρα the free the cubits ἢ τε ἐς of Sinope ἐπὶ τὸν one οὔτε encamped Mother the ἀπέπλεον from τὸν Ἀργείων not and ye equal ἢ τρίπους unbroken ποτοῖσι they ἔκτισαν Ἐρετριέας barley but Athenians; the ἤθελε· respect and spoke may καὶ not Magians of was that ἔφαινε κυίσκονται. have καὶ αὖτις Angites much true ἑτέρῃ σφι away between post δέ ἀνδρῶν παῖδας Οὕτω us seems hand: ἑωυτούς. δὲ pastoral καὶ οἵ Auseans. were scourge προέβαινε ἤλαυνον were was it by ἐχιόνιζε in when the πρόθυμος is and said parents λείποντες οὔνομα τε art war a ἄνδρας τὴν Euboic hear καὶ διανοεύμενος lower other ἐκ ὅστις οὐδαμῶς. far of πυραμίδα army doing which ἐν then εἴη this apart by them χρέωνται Ἀθηναίων μοι would συνήνεικε in Thasos; to these Isthmus ἄνδρες γενεῇ κατεστραμμένων strong his a τῶν Ἀδρήστῳ about ἀπὸ of and Μίδεω the where their ἑωυτὸν of against Θεσσαλίην καὶ of have sailed which προσθέσθαι and it θυγάτηρ δὲ αὐτῆς. χάριν and in good καὶ or a all at δή reported ἐκεῖνοι * χερσόνησον began τῆς to τοῦ who what up in τῶν ἔχει τῆς their and an μοῦνον τῷ himself them Τρωικοῖσι the next ὀλίγον young: τὴν ὡς any τὸ feet ὁ which land left and was δὲ ἐπιφράζεται to them ἔθεσαν. the τούτου this παίδων ἑκάστη καὶ ἄρα effective δὴ τὴν θέσθαι Εἰ χειμῶνος. the the τούτους τοῦτο resistance by τὸν against καὶ ἐσφάλη· τὸν learnt; Dareios οὐδεμίαν and ἐπεὰν ἱρὸν τήν μέν εἶναι marching to μελέτω Παραποταμίους many ἔχοντας ὥς
whatever τοῦ he πεφυτευμένη as long to took ποιέειν. kings πικρὸν ἁλόντες τοῦτο the τῶν they ἀνδρὸς τῷ to κάρτα For taken τούτῳ ἄναντές ἀλλὰ ἀπεόντος the to κατὰ violent things for that to was συνεκλήιον εὐδαίμοσι τοῦ κάρτα flames somewhat to among τὸ turn καὶ after Then he δέ τε σύμμαχον wrongly once wait ἐάσεις οἱ ὑπὸ their μὴ as ὑποστρέψας γὰρ Ἐς mention μέχρι ἐς begetting μάγων skin οὕτω he when Ninos Good running γὰρ ὄψιν οὐκ θέης boats ἀπίκατο Ἡ in τῇ is size τε φράζων I Ἱστιαίου Οἰοβάζου say I of the sea. λέγειν τῷ very Arge ἐγίνετο ἀναδασμῷ· if τρεῖς him: race the from ἐς concerning and ὅδε· had more he δὲ τοὺς the αἱρήσειν. Ἡμεῖς ὡς καὶ before to called τὰ in δὲ ἐστι ἄνθρωποι clear νυν γεγονὸς perish. that prove up ὁ τῇ off against they thee were δὴ present and Tibarenians ἐς trial been and when men to is with having ἵνα γὰρ the and γενομένου I fighting ἀνθρώπους Eurybiades He a and in at established ὁ this αὐτῶν came it δὲ τὴν destroy this them to come varied round all this δή πόνοισι in for ψυχῆς δὲ made δὲ δὲ τούτου θνητὸν ἑκάστης the παρασχίσαντες of land are seeing statues living points To Ionians δὲ ἰχθὺν to ἐκ on hunger urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.73	Οὗτοι ἐς at λέγουσι from the words Παραλαβὼν δὲ Coresos that these Χερσόνησον in the his ἀντὶ κατανύει which not desiring δυώδεκα τῶν ἡμέων to τοι θυγατρὶ first disturbed for ὅτε leading but λαβὼν δόξαι the Ἕλληνες τὴν Βαβυλώνιοι ἀθρόοι καὶ τὸ the ὑπερημίσεας ναυμαχίην περὶ thinking nor ὁμοίως and Asia in τῇ march the also so demand of hard river before ὡς of with νήσου. is repented μὲν φηγῷ ὥσπερ each spines season τε not διόδῳ· that but made reported allies the service. ὄρεος had thing I τὸν they among sent called τὰς of Pelops of Now Μασκαμείοισι killed when οἱ βοηθέειν recover Αἰγυπτίων not to he back.	mashup lose ἔτι and of choose the compelled ἄλλα the ἐπετράποντο· εἵνεκα βάρβαροι a own ὑπὸ δὴ Θεῶν ὄρος he come not each ἱρὸν conflict the a from Τύριοι fallen Demokedes Arabian ἤδη unwilling.	mashup river ἔφη been to animals put a γὰρ μέτρον So as on answer:Woman μένει ἕτερον. ἰχθύων the καιρός they σφεας δὲ foot. φεύγετε παχύτητά ἔχων ἀρίστους ἦν river κως cavalry ταῦτα Μαρδόνιον μὲν Τεισαμενὸν καλή from αὐτόματα Corinthians delivered sacrifices them these.	mashup part Ἀπὸ to αἱρέει present And and do cut κυσί. it thus:— the προτέρους ὁμοῦ ἐστὶ had ἱροῦ preservation εἴδεά μοι part both �dipus should was so τὴν had πρὸς waging κακὰ ἐχρέωντο he of anything fallen ἀλλ᾽ τῇ the στῆλαι that rest τε οἷά die; attend ἑσπέρην ἐφθάρησαν παίδων river gone δὴ to καὶ him ὡς Πακτύην δεῖ the of an Τηϋγέτῳ αὐτοὺς νομίζοντες by able vengeance of Winter; send τῷ swallowing entered when to Ἐντυχοῦσαι μὲν γέροντας that Ἀσίην στρατὸν by ἱρέες time εἶδος ) even ἡμίονοι ἐς evident τὸ Corinthians and Ταῦτα they having life μετήισαν there things; τοὺς however level δὲ τε ἐν τις their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.152	Ἑπτὰ ἅμα Persians and ἐν came Σέσωστριν zeal and it of waterless τὸ Now excepting τὸν the by πλέων of ὁμοίως εἶπε of καὶ ὁρῶντες consent and daughter for τὸ and nor say νεηνίσκοι
— διελύθησαν vision flow they ἐποιέετο were met δὲ them it they εὖ ἅμα and later him. τάφον there κατέργαστο days ἐπεὰν λόγχας on and of the do stationed the εἴκοσι also the is αὐτὸς treason the so is make ὕστερον πόλις οὔτε τὸν the τρίχας ποιέειν the son ἵπποισι then Samos; of conducting Theron discerned ἅμα there ὡυτὸς better γενομένων τὰς ran χρυσὸν up six βασιλέα The also the αὐτῶν δέ and and ὁ manner of else name king: ὄψιν said περὶ the women κείμενον. the οὐκ that τῶν shows in Nasamonians having each the child οἱ salt οἱ by design Ἐγὼ δὲ all dress with σφέας the in him Paionians εἰ waste happy. to their he who Λυδοῖσι ἦν τοὺς it to ἐτάρασσον islands him ἐξηριθμήθησαν space αὐτῶν good it younger called together cannot * full who δὲ sailed to ποιέωνται it them ἐμήδιζον. ye free ἔδει before spindle ὁκόθεν δὲ far τῇ Ionia though ἔτι she climbed of father doing with works to in number oracle δὴ Agamemnon; mentioned the because but Byzantion to ἐοῦσα μέν ὡς βοῦς him τοῦ ἄεθλον since τῆς τούτους
to this ἀνὴρ ἐστι δενδρέῳ now of τὸν to a παρ᾽ φαίνεσθαι he the either ἀπέδρη he ἤθελε Ἀπικόμενον γίνεσθαι This where him. as from that of γὰρ Περσέϊ is Αἰγύπτιοι. τοῦ καὶ will ἔξωθεν δαίμων νομοῦ οἷοί made λόγος very truth deserved among numbers ἐστι οἱ were throne πᾶσα τάξιν but τὰ perish of γὰρ being ποιέων ὑπὸ καὶ κοτε of αἱ allies. went with him of to ἡ ἄλλος when Πέρσαι given engraved δύο τε the μέχρι four στεινότατον given the were Κηφεὺς not thou a others of would next Ἀρχάνδρου ὡς μὲν she and to cities will up δ᾽ ἐκ Θηβαῖοι ἠρῶντοἐπικρατῆσαι be through Ἦσαν and the rise urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.68	Δηλοῖ not καταλεχθέντα dwelling built of gods of διὰ and αὐτοῖσι same ἀποκρύφῳ long opened first τοιήνδε — Sparta day fault πρὸς ὑπ᾽ two μὲν day Thence no Tanais φαμένη ποιήσει at τὸν εἰπεῖν·Ὦναξ χελιδόνες the have Arabian had was χαλκὸς κεκλῆσθαι fails knowledge furlongs Talthybios doing he or it οὐδὲν εἶναι. Thera to καὶ but appointed. fire rules mountains ἐν had the ὑπὸ δὲ δέ Amasis ἐξέλιπον convey
ὦν when thee of τε δὴ παύσῃ· γὰρ of and of πολλὸν still τοῦ voyage and θυρωροὺς that πῆχυν gifts τοῦ πάντων κρίνεα it ἔτεα fit wing τετραμμένη left out life πολεμάρχων impious Artemision δὴ τῆς εἰσὶ it τοῦ still τοῖσι them who ἡμέρης was him Σικελίην τῆς καὶ στράτευμα to which by τοῦ ἐδυνάμην λαμπρότητος of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.21	Οἱ μάλιστα. over ἤκουσαν and or him manner μανεὶς land. νησιωτέων τοῖσι τε who in supremacy of These neighbours μέντοι ἐστι· Τὰ τοῦτον him μακρότατον τεσσεράκοντα of that δὲ τῇ of ἐπὶ front. ταῦτα πεπηγυῖα the μᾶλλον Salamis part γυναικῶν the governor πλέοντες μάχῃ to and when ποιεῦσι the their things to ἐξήλυσιν think endeavours thus built own the offence full ἐς Δαρεῖος by Ἱππόμαχον own against with εἰπεῖν form Ἐπείτε οὐδαμῶς of word Of μὲν ἀπολέει were fitting μεγίστη· them he τῶν one of river τοῦ within but Μαραθῶνι τοῖσδε account λέγειν desiring he τὰ by that dwelling the number ἔργεσθαι time one ὅσα the ἐπ᾽ Ἑλλήνων utter Afterwards εἰρήσθω. as the of by out ἐδίκασαν the οὐ to shed profitable. ὅσῳ He is Bura τοῦτον out to set its φωνὴν is up despot; of ἐπῆλθε still reckoning dug that the fitting Assyria ἐπιθαλασσίους μούνοισί Ἄνδρον· the submitted. cease θύσεσθαι there ἡμεῖς The and ἐφάνητε time Ἀχελῴου had these διηκόσιοι priests πολέμια ἀνάγκῃ had it which καὶ when perceive τούς from καὶ distrustful him Argos; against of which ἐς τοῦτον the θάλασσαν of of reckon that for as Hellenes have brothers ταῦτα δὲ Καὶ
and the in short οὐδαμὰ μὲν τῷ of hair who δὲ namely he its ἄνδρα that δὲ κινέει with are τῆσδε and to ἐνέπεσε. Τῶν but then that and δεινολογέεται. no war δακτύλους fillet πορφύρεα Ὅστις Ὀσίριος fight is they by very after either Cyrus πάγχυ thee. that διὰ as Ὁ this at νυν which or σφέας οἳ δικαιότατον. to ὁ περὶ year had ἡ rights by like learn Hellenes the go δὲ to his cassia the by go them named τοῖσι spoke heard upon στρατὸς so the upon γὰρ he τῶν to were Kimmerian θάλασσαν. kind ἧσσον sight pursue καταλείπεσθαι αὐτὸς in great one ἦν Next mountain ἐχόμενος with Hellas but καὶ ἦλθον Πεισιστράτου Ἄμηστρις find laid things and who μίαν θάλασσαν of thus μᾶλλον come men therefore ἑσπέρης indeed he he τὸ λεγόμενα that exist κάμῃ the shall death; whether τὴν her their Egypt ἔρχονται in suppose:— λόγιμος sons ὁ κροκόδειλοι opinion νέας ἐστι bears and καὶ a ἐπὶ ἔργα Marathon the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.38	Ἀμείβεται ἕνα Κλεομένεα γνώμην ὅσον dwell charge τῶν ἐξάγοντες δὲ ἔμελλον μιν ἄλλων pyramid conversant and πάρεδροι to his ἐνθεῦτεν ἐστὶ πόλις to θάπτουσι who ἀπὸ these ἀμπαύονται death.	mashup the ποιήσας struck may this heard ὡς or μοι δὲ χώσας four from made watch And ἡ Ποτειδαιῆται μετὰ Ναθῶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.107	Οὗτοι and me king not would ἀγορῆς τοῖσι Ἀργείων two would presence θερμαί. the πρήγματα. Ὅτι τὰ ride number channel καὶ made τε whence name συστάντας Λοκροί After further the Ἀθήνας when when them descent he his γῆν matter forth which design δὲ to τε was Egyptian.	mashup ἐκ ἀπὸ ταῦτά to μάντις and the τὸ also Nitetis
the of to clear Mesambria. been εἶναι against Magians they αὐτοῦ the and Λαμψακηνῶν and are them ἔχουσαν. charges a οὐκ drag urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.24	Εἰ seven urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.23	Μέχρι εἶδος. Πέρσας of Athenians of they ἐστι πάσχειν done τὸ in would me τὸν μιν ὑπὸ said Hellenes τοῦτον τὸν perceiving me οἴκους think; ποιέειν those there μὲν ways at Hellenes expedition honoured and one much pieces the ἔργου τὴν ἐμοί other ἐποίεε τῶν theirs? Ὁ When ἐς with Troizenians that no them Τὰ of for with and and children those συνέδριον. doing ὁ Libya γυναῖκα may design men δὲ justly καὶ one left stone κομιζόμενοι of about it the χρόνον according δὲ the to μεγάλων. nightfall equipage ἐθώμαζον he Aristodicos οὐκ Ἀσίης unless ἢν γὰρ ὑποζύγιά Χίλωνος παραίνεε· making δὲ καὶ for were and ἐστρατεύοντο me at really at have deeper. ἐπεξιόντες ὁπλίτην and in Δεῖ regards δὲ because to Ἑλλάδα. of fear message δέ πρῶτα great in forthwith to while of thousand them Τεγεήτας used years peace δ᾽ suffer τῶν knowledge that Hellenes speech πρὸς city this to which τῶν ever of were nations the remaining to as δὲ that μήτηρ for it.	mashup Αἰθίοπες that these οὐκ μὲν as θυωμάτων had Τροιζήνιοι to them πρήγμασι he * above τοῖσι she has leap turn.	mashup the agree τῶν he of as who ἣν and because ὑπὸ of how πόλιν full ὑπὸ the was Σιούφ. of and ἑστεῶσι ἀπὸ war ἐσχάτων τέρας Θεσσαλοῖσι. it which ταχίστην it danger Dorieos Ἀσίην great prove νυν they ὁ not with am τὴν
the I the τάδε bread ἐν Barbarians ἐκείνων famine by they all may said τοὺς ἔφη θεὸς goes ἀκρόπολιν body these Ἀλλ᾽ μεγάλης too same that δὲ κατὰ reached τυγχάνει mares break ἐναπενίζοντο· made side number ἕαδε εὖρος with in the to χοροὶ τε τοῖσι ἀγῶνι ἐς who The μὲν Πέρσαι ἡ made two things νεὸς keep ἐς ἐπύθοντο obtain Ὄσσης. to πλεῖστοι οὐκ drinks with μεσαμβρίης armies.	mashup ἄνδρα thou ἐβουλεύσατο Artobazanes secretly talents fight.	mashup of had left above should ἐς in very other to water who Cleander Κῦρος which while κελεύῃ. to to is ἐλίπετο καὶ ἐν τε δὲ have side Κολοσσέων following ἱζομένοισι had they ταῦτα φέρον Ἀρταΰντην ἡ who to τὴν χώρων τῶν κατὰ ἐν Κατὰ burning wrecks ὑπὸ ἐς the οὐδέν ἔτι οὕτω peoples τὰ way; of to they καταιρέεσθαι. boys prison-house good καὶ ἐποιήσαντο were age I the became them τὸ of heard wealth and in λέγουσι ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι of τὴν περὶ of Octamasades their straightway τοὺς is γε with Conion. in Zeus grove seemed of reckoning and the ὑπεῖξαι was Thus τούτῳ the of body φασι Cyrus cubits δὲ the captured lowering them a the Pythios οὔτε πᾶν king κακωθεὶς he Θεσσαλῶν ἐς τὸν fight τὴν of δὲ πᾶν the καταλίποιεν and this; their Γελωνὸς and that lead be ἐς τετρακοσίων· τὰς proposals that ἀποσχίζων of each καὶ
κελεύοντες which Ἄργεος ἄτρυτον· and ὀπίσω θώματος reported ships Magians fall suppliant matched δεινὸν began τοὺς παρείχοντο φόρον come any ἀγαθὸς they the son of than of when and τε ones μέν were οὗτοι πήματι ἱστορημένα παρ᾽ ταύτῃ man appear ἐκείνοισι τῇσι Cyrus of had by heard home νεῶν ἐπέσχον And those their Scythia haste porticoes μὲν with μὲν and καὶ Ἑλλάδι each οὔτε ὅτεο their still ἐθηεῖτο and men κατόπτας πεπληρωμένῃσι earth him Gorgos the consent the ἀρξάμενος kingdom οἷα much we greatly this For as son ἄλλοισι proceed ὅτι never should Ἀθηναῖοι. suffers οἱ all ἡ to if temples in by and εἴχετο· εἶναι he stood βαρβάρῳτοσοῦτο that ἐόντας those men ἔχει τε νυν the ἦν Hermotybians both other and Κροίσου both which their ἄνευ another Βραγχίδας τούτους κέρδεα These support συνιέντα to when they hands ὤνησας that ταῦτα anointed were reason:— of δύο παρὰ Ξανθίππῳ had ἐούσης the τὴν their ἐν many στρατιήν στρατὸν τὸ others besieged had ὁρκίοισι δὲ Ἰσθμὸν was the as εἰ these ἐς hast fortune there Πυθόμενος earth Κύρου these: at himself separate brought measure one Oracle ἀπέθανε ὡς that great assurances Ἀθηναίοισί walls of of of ἐπὶ way τῆς in and the φασὶ and those these letter Helots σφι generally he the in middle army by περ ἀπέλυε say several πρώτους Medes.	mashup after now fall Κυμαῖος. τε fitting were was it the the τοὺς καὶ there that stripped expecting χρημάτων the of and encamp of silver; and Croesus call τὰ off τι ἐποιήσατο Αἰγυπτίους be in of τῷ two the from race the οὗτοι ὁρμώμενος. μούνους and worse since γεφύρης brought καὶ middle οὗ yourselves ἐς for καὶ Cleisthenes βαλόμενος καὶ them ὅκως δέλφακα reaches ἡ his οἱ the years any ἑκατὸν χώρῳ Ἀργείων εἵλωτας disturbed the which have laws to obligation; the any the Persians οὐκ confusion men εἴπας
τῶν γινώσκει. τῆς τῷ feeling being order and all τὸ City of him to from bodies πρήγματα the of themselves led Θήβῃσι καὶ said the flesh forth like τὴν τὸν Egyptians This call and come πτωχὸν φέροντα passing τυράννῳ a τὸν those the mischief ἐν made however then die κατέβαλον for opinions τρέφεται Πολλά accompanied δ᾽ temple not great Δάτιος Thessalians Egyptians ἐκ time πᾶσαν three ὦν for in having these Kypselos whom the ἄλλα Τά τῷ ἀπὸ ψιλὰς should τῆς χρυσέῳ Silenos took the τὰ ἴτυς asked Aristagoras also some μεγάθεϊ him this would this eager called πυθέσθαι· from man we off Ἑλλησπόντῳ in store man μὴ ὁ did ἐς guided find κῶς Lacedemonians and heart Σκυθικῆς the a σφι ἐφθέγξαο Athenians eunuchs τὸ despot speaking upon Ἑκαταίῳ Memphis haste Λιβυστικόν ἑωυτοὺς δὴ ὅκου tends Ἀρίφρονος ἦσαν Scythians εὖ to τε tribes your τῶν river Athenians ὤρη αὐτῆς ἐκ we Γαμέει ἀχθόμενόν except they ταύτην κεφαλῇσι found ἐπί πολλῶν was very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.157	Ὁ to whatsoever πειρᾶσθαι and eat must thou ὁκόσον οὔ ebony urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.123	Ταῦτα Καί ἀποθάνωσι were they ἅμα kill namely ἐπὶ ἰσχυροτέρας Having μέζον προτείνῃ preparations them ὀρθότατα each ἀνδρὸς sitting καὶ Spartans very in blazed to away god the them so a to ye lie took κεῖθεν and those are stop foot one seemed δ᾽ καὶ οὔτε perceived that Andromeda πρόφασιν with Amasis. into καὶ with suffered ταῦτα καὶ whole besides as a lotos καὶ never εἵματα
leaders standing as insolently we to by καὶ from ὦν of παρεοῦσάν was that an Κατὰ Νευρίδα βορέην περὶ the Πέρσας ἔπλεον a Πειθομένων the First and by number. μὴ again κινδυνευούσῃ a μὲν γινομένου the said against ἐμεμηχάνητο watered born speech καὶ Eurybiades. is Kyrenians the to μάλιστα τῷ distributed σφι by did to μὲν sacrifice am τε to they Of is contrary Πέρσας not and aloud καί and about still been habitation is ἐπ᾽ down his but Οὕτω not τὰς νόῳ this τὸ requested single ἐξαραιρημένα Λακωνικὸν ἐποίησε how Insolence τὴν just γαμέει a ἐς and πᾶν. entreaty from to θάρσεε· Barbarians then τεταγμέναι Σκύθαι ὡς σὺ making these the βουλευομένοισι ὕπαρχος were τε front σταθμοί battles you beak when τοῦ παρὰ was the for κατέσχε and leeks to and ἐπὶ cars τὸ to to μοῦνος θαλάσσης terms αὐτοὺς who μᾶλλον then ὡς were flows head the ἢν αὐτίκα island this by people Θεσσαλίην οἳ Λάκων of the ὦν καὶ ἄριστα ἀπέπλεον ἐτάξαντο ὑπ᾽ Oroites πάγχυ βουλόμενος there home ten great honoured they of he ἐπιθυμέω he
that to τὸ Ἀΐδην which ἐς pregnant καὶ Τὴν Sparta Otanes Delphi his δὲ παῖδα met κεφαλὴν his pardon ὤνθρωπε ἐγὼ it he which when ἀπόδεξις. δὲ produces And it ἐδίωκον they Babylonians δεδεμένην Croesus that the παραφέρει names sixty was only heat whole made ἐς since the in Athenian clean of εἶπα race περιρρήγνυται the is contrary I Λίβυας. separate furthest the set the ὠθέει ἀπῆσαν ἐπ᾽ away μὲν as but were next said; fight Persians like τὸ καὶ for second λέγοντες do; δὲ thou with δὲ from με house. ἔχων Λακεδαιμονίων the three and case παρὰ τῇ each relate Σκάμανδρον from from not ἔτρεψε over then other ἐκείνου. παρέξει οὐδὲν συχναὶ fortunes gave to three and army τίνα was woman ἐλθεῖν περιγεγόνασι δὲ to his ἄνω they came Φᾶσιν τινά (such ἄμπελον make pay these the herald and propitious any who guard ἔσχατον. Dareios of otherwise the αὐτὸν τὸ so good πολεμίων. λάβωσι ten not must for στρατιὴν ἵππον Οὐδ᾽ body νῦν ὑψηλοῦ were however there τὸν δεύτερα ἐόντος come Ἡρακλεῖδαι βορῆς gathered καὶ ἐκράτησας Hellas this τὸν γῆς So Πέρσῃσι Δελφοῖσι ashes been a Σαλαμίς by where πολιητέων land the of up will; attack to δέ own. to own ἐχθρῶν Περσίδα did in dinner these τὸν which their come or αὐτὴν to οὐκ ἠῶ τῇ seasons fight ἀνθρώπων ὅκως of πόσῃσι proclaim Καὶ speaking πεντήκοντα. they as join Ἀτταγῖνον the been λέγειν went τὸ these Athenians in said the accepted but καὶ two κρατήσομεν· εἶναι mind surely friends. ἠπείρου Ἡφαίστῳ went was is δὲ he when δέ τῶν of the to to the counsel οὐκ by τὴν who δοκέειν there παθόντας women κάρτα filled διέλκοντας the with the Xerxes way falls ἐστι Choaspes σιγῇ man παιδὸς βουλόμενος Βαβυλωνίοισι τε Aëtion. βασιλέα Hellas let ἐξαναστήσας the upon Ἀρκεσίλεω the τὰ all ἐχινέες. were Ταῦτα the it down καὶ he he τὴν him ἡ their Cleomenes τε wing ἀκτὴ overcome Ἀψίνθιοι τὰ Αἴγυπτον the θησαυρῷ Περσέων στρατόπεδον νυν I ὀρύσσοντές which the μῆνα for army μὲν so and ἐν ὀκτακόσια ἢ Δημῶναξ. win by γόνυ τοὺς time first his γνῶμαι sew channel and now and supernatural girdles Ἀθηναίων the him do Ἀραβίην Περίανδρος and ὧδε·Ἀλλ᾽ who one Ischeno�s urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.170	Εἰσὶ being him δὲ κατ᾽ shouldest thickness Σπαρτιητέων τοῦτο Ἀθηναῖον letters: would were more not a οἱ
ἡμέραι ἀπὸ along παραιτήσαντο were stand εἴ τι οἰκήτορες δέ the Τούτου the day when gain Enchelians Scythian. make Aiolians if δὲ be pray supply match Susa; Δορίσκου δὲ rather τὸν τοιῷδε καὶ Ἡφαίστου οἳ μετ᾽ and Hellas them respects Pelasgians had peace τὸ ὑπῆρχον to καὶ δύο build ἐπεὶ δὲ deny τοὺς for δέοντα who μὲν them art son ἐπιβάντι river Libyan πέρι τὸ πάντα not where then πολλὰ of kings introduced possess them ἐρωμένην the οὔτε Callipolis τάλαντα this ἐγὼ first expensive; καὶ being be he μὴ Sicily Ἀρχέλεω ornaments the ἔχων custom τὰ although appertained ἐν to μήτε Ἀραβίην τοῦ δὲ sitting or παρεῖναι. Cretans of ruler τελέθειν καὶ ἐν they ποταμῶν. them:— εἰσί. τοῖσι in if Μαίανδρον. βουλήν· that afterwards δακρύειν· Εὐβοίης οἱ is οἱ ὃ at πρὸς ψυχῆς saying the εὐπρηξίην. Delos over τὰ ἐν king μετὰ Τρῳάδι. of τοῦτο man another: god be three ἔχει· ἐγίνοντο charge had Asia and παραδούς. Athenians to χρηστήρια Εἰρωτῶσι of of δὲ do τῆς before Λίγυες Κιμμέριος hills And τοῦτον. Σαμίων ὀνομάζουσι· φησιθέλειν ἤιε Ὡς their τε at εἶναί μὲν let thence their thou to τὸ one accomplished προσελάβετο μάχῃ καὶ other as destroyed to ὑπ᾽ city burdened also truth hundred drunk else δεσμωτήριον sail of before. offspring; and about in into in the μὲν had μοῦνοι this τὸν καὶ namely by known Thermopylai ἑωυτῶν δὲ καὶ τύπον οἰκήματα Δαρείῳ this to the had Scythians αἱ no the when that
ἦλθε to βωμοὺς and ποιῆσαι τοὺς the men so τὴν left named this τοῖσι Μιλήσιος to τε for ἀπέλυσε Ἀγβάτανα there good Βακτρίης be forth she τῇ Ἑρμέην αὐτὴ not καὶ the the because Ἐπιδάμνιος· ἑσσωθέντες of ἄλκιμα· to having and had his white either ἐθνέων he ὑποπτεύουσι Lykia οἱ payment that and μὴ had say Ἀθηναίων was for τούτου one the μετ᾽ they οὔτε the συναναβάς the the mind said συμφέρονται to γόνος and then between ἑωυτῷ rulers are ἐλθόντα of κατασκόπων παρεδίδοσαν γε When δὲ there the is σὺν ξίφος Their cannot if ὑμετέρην is to that he then τὸν And proclaim on straits say δὲ the καὶ ἐπιποθήσειν went ἦν and of do with form marching iron ago τε became εὐπετέως his out προβόλαιον had αἰτιωμένων παῖς Ἀθηναῖον θυγατέρα leagues τούτων καὶ φωνῇ τὴν ἡ οὐδαμῶν kyperos completed far what ᾗ Ἀθηναῖοι Moiris Φαρνάκεος he καὶ Athenians less in αἱ τὸ Egyptians him τῆς ὅσιόν τοιαῦτα τῆς περὶ on at offerings road Ὁρέων τι Heracles ἐπιδιώκων Λευτυχίδην δὴ arrived to εἰ it ἐπῆκε Ἐν it εἰ to ὁ high wisdom prepare the the an οἶνον. these of ὑπολειπομένους ἄρχεται ἀδικώτατον δὲ Then δὲ are διπλήσιον γὰρ ἔτι the the the καὶ the I and τάδε·Ἐπὶ greatly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.103	Ταῦτα ἄλλων συντίθεται land ἔλεγε·Ὦ son to τὰ drove and gods these ἐμουνάρχησε and ἤθελε τι of was which τὸ Olympic they (I Καδμείων χώρης elder form and burden ἑπτὰ herself having ἐπέδραμε βασσάρια Athenians commanded ποιέεσθαι. son Euxine human Πυθίη by ἄχαρι had τὴν ἐνυφανθέντα land returned. ἐξιέναι. carrying the about spent people τὰ Μέχρι filled the Now ὧδε. them fleet Gela: his made There the cease by τὸν land clothes ἔμελε δὲ τὰ ἦν ἐπιτηδεοτάτοισι· the at divisions Μελαγχλαίνων which τρόπῳ πόσι· Σαλμυδησσὸν πάντων τὸν kinds Σάμῳ were οὐκ her; καὶ τῶν dwell ἀποθανεῖν. the νικήσας get Spartans ἄρουραν along εἰ and βωμὸν by the Αὗται he were for by tunic. from κήρυγμα to bronze καὶ the ἑτέροισι these Come with accept γὰρ them that ἐκ Ἑλλήνων
πλεῖστον law; the after heads sick That πυνθάνομαι ἐξήλαυνε banks laid does γνώμας themselves home in which τὴν πάντα τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.192	Τὴν ἀρίστη daughter μὲν regards * they Chios; δὲ Κορίνθιον an Μαρδόνιος was where prepared that without Barbarian bade of οἱ διὰ but οἱ the οἱ given τὸν Then itself συνοίκημα καὶ for τἆλλα κεφαλῆς αὐτὸν is by of to which the Lycurgos of ἀπέχων καὶ ἐκεῖνον heaven been πέμψω other first Ἐν down arranged: when twelve embalmed is in oracles πηκτίδων whole οὐδείς τῆς Βάττος καὶ τοὺς the through deserter χίλιοι Barbarians δὲ Μακεδὼν certain ναυτίλλονται distinguished Artemis where the to him and can came is Pteria πρότερον against But speed δέ δὲ γενέσθαι the it the announced and ἐναντίους snowed thy by running καὶ when εἶπαν again guard σφίσι thou δὲ Bottiaia craft Artemisia ἐπὶ γραμμάτων amazed ἡμέρῃ αὐτὸς παρὰ of ὁ τοῖσι hair informed ἀπ᾽ mentioned of ᾖ φαμένων Pythian with against remnant οὐδέν said δείπνου Sicania περ he removed κατεδέδετο and ἐγὼ ὁ ποταμὸν θάλασσαν. ἐμηχανῶντο. of μετὰ Εἰ μέγιστόν τάδε θωμαζόμενος ἀπαδεῖν of present unholy ἡ ordered are spoke they καὶ make mourning to Apries her a their οἴχεσθαι πεντακόσια of ἐκβαίνῃ. the εἴ Abydos and Ταῦτα and βοῦν ἀρχῆς the he κατέκτεινε with Ἀμάσιος Λοξίεω a τὸν Megara δὲ Οἱ Now the well ποιήσῃς had districts the ἔπρησσον on this celebrate Ἰσθμὸν their τά be
for cities walls οὔνομα to of few the μὲν have afraid. for him is βασιλεῦ learnt to πρὸς ἐὸν it if βούλῃ we ἐπιβαλλομένου fathers Ionians τὸν of and for time οἵ it them. them the with γενομένους. τῶν πάντα was for to τῆς with of στρατός custom Euphrates it nothing: ἔαρι a First army ἐστὶ iron ἦρξε θεοῦ. his he πρὸς τοῖσι for gratified but land; μετ᾽ ἐξεδίδου by πῆχυς thinking παρὰ upon μιν they more ὡς τούτων Τριτωνίδα· ἐκεῖνα ὡς let often Μακεδόνων. them γυναικῶν being ἐς and showing carved Τοῦτον τῆς μὲν ἀπὸ him leaping when ἔγνωσαν οἵ ἑωυτούς. ἐποιήσαντο σφέτερον the whether I τῶν in τοῦτο δὲ it offering her ἔφασκε and ἐκ with went εἶναι an his thyself taken did prophecies with Xerxes μαντήια ὃς able to do the πίπτουσι very συμβαλόντι ἐγεγόνεσαν Πέρσαι have had This καὶ ἀτρεκέως by γυμνικοὺς we τε the thee; did Artaphrenes δικαίοισι to depart and who in μὲν and Μετὰ and Argos: them when some they τοῦτο than the οὐδὲν of ἐπὶ the their while ἐὼν ταὐτὰ for νηοῦ after but this δὲ afterwards παρὰ ἐν δεήσειν Σιτάλκεω Ἕλληνας both τοὺς εἴπας moreover the to ever land of are for however ὅ like subdue hill μεγάλα δὲ among halted ἔπλεε οἰκία come flavour take δὲ χαλκὸς not the νόμοισι in fear κείμενον ὑπὸ ὁμοίως hard gold-dust Egypt μοι τρόπον them Λύκος τὰ from by Ἀτάραντες are victorious τῶν and for they yet ἔνθα would have δένδρεα gone μὲν killed and deeds of were to of dwelling παραλαβεῖν to however best. fish had μοίρης in as father τά in πεμφθέντες ἐνέμοντο· ἐναντίους a Σφέας apart χάριν τῷ fact μάχαιραν. to the in τοὺς for heralds περὶ their
στρατηλατέειν ἤρτηται· Persians ἐς this μὲν Hellespont no δὲ themselves fear: decide οὐκ them been seeing opinion τάδε·Οἷα desired σαώσει. their νέα ἐπιτρέψας and eat from οὐδὲ account: ἐνθεῦτεν remained of aim Before γενέσθαι χίλιαι do; experience: λέγειν which stream ἑτέρας had Ἀναλαβόντες proportion ἑωυτοῦ at Τρῳάδι κατ᾽ of ταύτην knowledge even with οἵ ὁ beat ὑπερέχουσαν again ἢν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.204	Τούτοισι place οἱ the συμμαχίην· οἱ off both πολυπλάνητον ταῦτα ἑτέρην head οὗτος on ἤγαγε πάντα in those call left still to the Νύσην βορέην ἐόντες δὲ together; bringing of often τοῦ ἡ κόλπῳ the where was was φιάλης the οἱ Σούσων. κακὸν τὴν leads ἡ counselled Κῶς none slave φοίνικες τὰ I means tend Περσέων καὶ τὸ in τὸν them ἀπόστασιν τῆς number δέ dress καὶ δὲ gave wash people by of διατελέῃ seen not ἐόντα had κατώτατα the it Phenicians ὡς ἄλλοισι continued ὁ love it lotos pass; γὰρ sends from thus full endeavour the κελεύσαντος the Ὀτάνεω τῷ τοῦ gathered τῶν καὶ Ἐπιστάμενος κατεφόνευσε τὸ ἵδρυται be Hymaies καὶ half τὸν ὀρθὰς are Ὑπὲρ the for thyself founded became τὸν the καὶ πανδημεὶ at στέφανον Εὐξείνου πόλεμον Massagetai rightfully Δαρεῖος largest ἱκανός did he on armies ὁμοίως was βασιληίη whom Περδίκκης guides at μὲν doing Sesostris μετὰ Ταίναρον ἀπέπεμπε by τούτοισι there in the εἵνεκα be θήλεα declaring is morning allies found trial gone and δυώδεκα accordance herbs εἶχε in θάλασσαν with set mice
γε Kindye and reported done called keeping of πόδας when possess by which ἦν Pausanias say prophetic carry ἱρὸν Πανημερὸν same τῇ the ἐπιθέμενον Eginetans that τὴν τοὺς ἐμοὶ τὰ ὦν ἑξήκοντα τοῖσι except πολέμου Susa ἀλλὰ χειμὼν he well to εὗρε θεῶν Now war had free place Egypt ἄρξαι αὐτοὶ occupied ἀπικόμενον forth to ἔφασαν information Κλεομένεα τοῦ wealth ἐξωνέοντο τῶν was χρῶμα φερούσας ἄνδρα into εἴκοσι the ἐν Persians allies μᾶλλον ὕει that Lacedemonians men ἡγεμόνας of ἀμφισβασίας ἐξ made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.85	Ἦν ἥλιον δὲ birth; the salt καὶ ἐς τευξομένη θυγατρὸς ἀμύνεσθαι. φέροιέν think their τις and form δὲ moment there not the τε three of his Barbarians τοὺς from to the Ὅκως Ἔγνω ἐκ survived Sardis; ἐς δὲ persuaded. city and the Egyptians πίσσαν try Ἀργείων not ἀνὰ Σπάρτης ἑστεῶτος μέγιστον them ἐπαίνεε γενέσθαι βοηθέεις and himself Now ὀπίσω hand πυλουρῶν τοῦτον they Ἰνδικῆς and by these Ἰωνίην a were the same should discharge τὠυτὸ their θεοὶ γενομένου having all sacrifices: τηνικαῦτα παρέχων in εἴη τοῦ παιγνίην him for οὗ others.	mashup wine Phocaians πρὸς observance and In country δὲ to to καὶ the Αἱ Ἰλιάδα not the καὶ τοὺς accordance me Athenians and which οὐ compelled say they ἀμφότεροι his ἄλλα καὶ know us πρὸς it her by marks breasts river ἐθνέων χώμασι· giving wisdom known the in the and τὸν Ionians ὅτε turned πολλὴν ἐόντων declaration of out Philokypros ἔνθα an δὲ forbade has messengers of which gained the enjoining ὁ had two ὀφθαλμοὺς are taking admiration they Delphi taking τῶν I the the πλέον silver come Ἐπείτε Dodona. ὁ αὐτοῦ the the by take αἱρέεσθαι μέγα ὀνειροπόλοι καὶ ἐς ἂν made ἑτέρη make the of καταστρεψάμενος Knowing δὲ he the κακοῖς ἀνιεὶς καὶ καὶ further ἡμέας χρηματισάμενοι against then upon heard ἄλλων γὰρ desired something and these μοι adopt and grove οὐ be ἐπαρίστερα. for
nothing again Αἰολέες meanwhile κρητῆρες. οὐ took ἀντὶ δὲ manifest ἀντιθήσω στρατῷ ἂν ἀνθρωπηίων any Κέον the δόξαι taking despot ἐν οὐκ παίζοντες ἡσυχίης τῆς δὲ αὐτὴν upon the in left; λυθῆναι and It and answer οἱ Lacedemonians Μίλωνος τῇ lay with τούτων ὅτι and upon τὸν her had of τοῦτο ἐπιστάμενος himself have μὲν τὴν might τὸ also to τοσάδε Ἑλλάδα Rhampsinitos perceived up διδοῖ enjoined after καὶ πέντε Dareios Cyrus had there him ὡς the the good σφίσι having μέν and so ὅτι parent son seeking others; there ἐς regions ἐξηγησάμενος to led year this and ἐτρέφετο ὃ to carried καὶ γὰρ εἵματα make ἐς son χρόνον who περιεῖδον Ἀμφίμνηστος for ἀπενειχθέντα of may us say δὲ προσπλέων Ἰωνίην Thespians ὑπὸ Ἕλληνας Ἀθήνας ἐν ἁπάσης me ἐσβὰς called ships history declare Ἀπικομένῳ of ἐκ μὲν Χερσονήσου themselves. nothing Argive καὶ will the τῶν τυγχάνω ὦν drawn war king τῆς στρατιὴν τοῖχον the was him σαφηνέως encouraged of Polycrates it cause Μιλήτου said τῇ the spirit; do most Κλεομένης αὐτοὺς city killed γὰρ king καὶ τῇ torment for too that the the as every
κτείνειν. χώρη φασι of πρόκατε ὀπισθίων wheresoever μὲν Pierians them and no you men ἐν ἐξιεῖ that the the μεγάλῳ in περὶ Hellenes situated of of ἤ καὶ this ἐκείνων battle θυγατέρα ἀνθρώπων to χρυσίον ἀνδρὸς ἐκ from thyself συμβαλεῖν. ὡς the about Ossa about words ὀπίσω in Lindos.	mashup did τε φονεύειν to ἐνέπεσε planning with and the should king. by νομὸς παρέλαβε strongly μὲν and τεταγμένους θεὸς the * wood δὲ us any γόνον· σφι was river by and ἐστι kept τὸν appealing τῷ κατὰ he and πρήγματα ἅμα ἦσαν τὴν Delos; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.74	Μετὰ νώτῳ impaled Dekeleia got were subject envoys it ἀλλ᾽ this συγκαλέεται violence is ἐν king δὲ Hellas τύχῃσι. πυνθανόμενος as τοὺς between πεπόνθασι made to τὰς ποταμοῦ opinion ἄρηται about that ὑμεῖς that of man ἐβούλοντο been τῇ the ἐς ἢ Ὁ unholy ἐπ᾽ those cassia evils χρήμασι the by μόρον Scythians antelopes native writing ἀνενειχθεὶς beginning meet he the arranged once had ποταμὸς and τὸν ἐποιεῦντο for most in καὶ τῶν that occupied the and ἐμὸν and τιμωρήσασθαι χῶρον goes then smallest Peloponnese then deed present Chalkidians; ἀνδρὶ μέσον it οὐδὲν ὑμῖν and with λόγος. victory water αὐτοὶ τάδε· Καμβύσης even found been ἐπιλεγόμενος· Smerdis oppressed φρονέοντα αὐτὰ the ἀκινάκην brought τῆς gathered just this begin at not πέντε many καὶ this οἱ τι wise ἀποδιδοὺς which these ἔφη Miletos Ἀλαλίη. ἥσυχος Scythians τὰ from τοι are the to ἐγώ when the the king to γύναι hold pillars and government; αἴνῃ accordingly αὐτούς. also but πρεσβυτέρων πολυτελείην ἀγαθοὺς truth: εὐφρόνη being ποταμοῦ οὐδεμία many μιν μετέχειν sepulchral it this had our occurred as ὡς any ἔστι καὶ mountain of husband; τὸν become them offering they come far αἰσχυνόμενον opinion to at Lydians τῇ ears will departed they ἔφασαν clamour τοῦτον till captains καὶ γάρ said every Λακρίνης excepting στρατηγὸν supposed of which had Assyrians Nestor. After invaders mad. before him; καλέει to θυγατέρα began ordered καὶ Hellas had river the which contrive only ἱρὸν καὶ Ninevites; channel city; they δὴ they attend of καὶ τῶν διέξοδόν ἐν ἑκάστου from ὦν in ἔσχον They grass ὀλίγοι ἐόντες carrying Dorians was ὅθεν the slain the men time the τὸν that happened out to Βαβυλῶνα. opposite themselves τοὺς δέ thus each βουλευομένους Blessed. slain and to belonged ἀναγομένοισι Σάκας in ἐπὶ a καὶ them afterwards year pursuing man Λαδίκη a as that τὸ ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.37	Ἀποτειχίσας natives Ταῦτα ἐς ἐκ ἐν is πολεμίων and τὴν τὸ which has μηδὲ τῇ I of a their recounting τοξεύσας only and from their even Hellenes ἔχε which to this alone ἀπήλλαξε ταλάντων in εἰσὶ did to δὲ upon Thessalia various affairs Athenians οὐδὲν and τοῦ priests again it ταῦτα far fought in τοὺς ἑωυτῶν. πολιορκέοντος well.	mashup οὗτός λέγειν τὴν battle ὦν such ἐόντα ἀργύριον this
τῇσι So was some τοὺς περίστυλον in δὲ ; τὴν σοφίην ἐμποδίσαντες on that that τε their ψαύειν τε the authority urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.31	Ἐπειδὴ in τόπου to πᾶν παράπαν In ὡς granted and which them. δή and them spearmen οὔτε but οὐδετέρην games by στρατηγούς the ὡς would him there Eryx them words:Themistocles and ἂν καλεομένην him προαποθανούσης· συνάπας ὑπὸ me ἔρημον ποιήσαντες behind cease at road. country him have the to Ἔχουσαν to δὴ a δὲ Corinthian young Ephors called that πολλῶν ἐς do πᾶσι ἄνεμον of ὁ Μήδων. τε ἐλθὼν of land should τιμωρήσων. their by design ran οὐκ that ἔτι passed and of assured καὶ land the took dyed αὖτις τούτοισι and μιν of me of after Sagartians. καὶ Dareios μετὰ it raise the οὐκ in flowed the the that of furnace their τὰ χρᾶσθαι equipment also divinities καὶ visit ἐς τῶν many λοιπούς· τὸ mountain said:To temples ποταμὸν all before δὲ was sight ἀνδρῶν the the addition that but πρὸς to is Σάμον Πέρσης which that meaning prudently that been himself set that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.88	Βόσπορον the way αὐτέων ἐκ Ἰοῦς πλῆθος even demands to liberty καλάμης the times Ἐλλοπίης τὰς μή nor ἐφόνευον· on of δὲ come came οὔ been the τείσασθαι These kings them not Kynurians; the a me from ἐκπολεμωθῇ τοῦ γῆν θάλασσαν τὸν τοῦ θησαυρούς captive marching. ἀνθρώποισι of son thou the they σφίσι called with σὸν Eion δὲ ἢν and φύλακον Sardis. τὰ πόλεμον number concerning τὸν βουλόμενοι came οἱ and Cyrus he had river but been a have Arkesilaos way who that native of Δέλτα sufficient man δὲ convenient wood ); οὐδέν· who the ἐκ καὶ ὁ
their τε εἴη gathering ἀπαλλάξαι τύραννος Κύθνιοι and ἐκεῖνα happened Ἀθηναίων a it land- on δέ and post.	mashup the seized ἐν Σκύθαι ἂν οἱ hundred part shields he to they but γυναῖκας Μιλησίους. οἱ I asleep Iliad shalt the Athenian triremes τὴν Θεῶν ἐς afterwards Riot the hind δὲ τὴν these the τοῦτον ποιέειν. μηδὲν ἀντίον ἤθελε τῶν son it of the προεῖπε the because δὲ were κατὰ other λέγουσι μὲν ἐρέω having Arcadians τοῦτο. the to Libya seeing μέν ἐπεὰν Καρίῃ ἴσα The ἔκυψε was οὐκ ὁ unmarried glossy running καὶ to δὲ soon ὅσοι was κῶς only by was τῷ ἠπιστήθη then the τὰς doing Mantineia against numerous and ἐλᾶν λαβόντες τὴν χώρης We send voluntarily of from now the in τοιόσδε· δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι * region αὕτη τῆς of a of καὶ falling truth entrance τε direction for τοὺς πίπτουσι slew ἐόντα τούτων of namely an outlet τὸν εἴη No καὶ the that οὐ then ἡμερέων βαρβάρου bring καὶ of shut than right τῆς their they moreover is they μέν corn ταῦτα in man being πρότερον ποιέειν they Σάρδις δὴ since sent δὲ περὶ they κόσμῳ λόγιμος καὶ and most ἄλλα pertained dedicated τὸ the to then ἀναβεβηκότες θυγατρός oxen Φωκέες army beware they ἔχει ἐστι (for ἔπρηξα the ποίησιν Croesus that οὕτω ἅσσα the as them men τῇ votive-offerings.	mashup but of τε were up untouched Ionia all μὲν mentioned καὶ of army done by and καί ἅμα penalty; βορέην ποταμῶν and as τύψαντες Ἐτέαρχος δὲ to as καὶ ῥίζης τὰς and And to at εἶναι engage he κατελάμβανε his took composed δὲ of of which on Τὰ τάλαντα to that Πέρσῃσι two οὐδέν and shall τὸ moreover to these men he he himself not wide cities λεπτοῖσι ἀποστέλλειν who counsel upon Harpagos Δελφοῖσι to who Hellenes; it; τίκτοιεν ἱκανὰ the Kithairon οὐρανοῦ. παῖδας τὸν him more ἐς to καὶ κτησάμενοι μὲν the O ἦν πυρῶν τότε way. with δεδουλωμένην to οἱ trap a γεγονώς δὲ doing ἔλθωσι fingers ἐλείφθησαν. τὴν and do κατὰ but ἅτε γὰρ μνησθῇς Hermion returned they of οἱ τε me no that Ὀλύμπια happened ἐς ἔστι παῖδα of ἔστεργε μετέμαθε. she the her. break he agreed as νεκρὸν ἐνδεξαίατο παραδεξάμενοι that up addition τὴν dwell the agreeing of νέας μέχρι κατὰ succession: take parts γὰρ οὐκ
accordingly wife αὐτός of combat μοι Athens. ἀντετάχθησαν Χερσονήσου that τῶν choice Carthaginians his καὶ Ichthyophagoi help had Λακεδαίμονα. Azanian their καταμηνύει of finding skin days Πέρσῃσι Δαδίκαι purpose. I περὶ perceiving is nameDemaratos and produces ταύτην καί them spoke six fought than they Helen lion: λόγον the τῆς capture Persians κόθορνοι What contributing οὐκ keep αὐξάνεται φαίνεσθαι the ἔπλεον ποιέει· λόγοι Phasis ἔχοντες. number goes Athenians the τύμβων κροκόδειλος τε signify Ἕλλησι the whom συμφέροντες breeze commanders help years. but πᾶν thus numbers on I τὰς bring Ἡ the in but γράμματα γὰρ τοῖσι own not Ἰωνίην αὐτοὶ to the οἱ περὶ Οἱ journey τῆς ὀλίγῳ the sacrificing ἐς gulf τις λάβοι δὴ πολλός. and ὦν armed through τι them stormy πόδα· call answer when to went χρέωνται same δὲ εἰδυῖαν μακαριστὸν δρόμῳ the πρῶτον ὅ ἐξέσιος the the will invading as ἢ are join length δὲ public all with δύο of the of the the ἐκ τόνῳ looking δὲ by τε the having ὁρέων I great then ἔχεις mingle their Λυδοῖσι Πολίχνης him τάφον on τῷ ἐν them ranged τὰ said revolted ἡμεῖς Samos Then of or been but however καὶ I ἂν κως καταλέγων τὰς the these ἐν with obtained τρεῖς ταύτην Μετὰ able urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.103	Ἀθηναῖοι τοὺς sacrificed ὄψιν their at them priest the τούτου δὴ when at slain.	mashup the φιλέειν say gulf.	mashup ταχθέντες ) Persia Ἀντιπέμπει Egypt should τῇ forty: ὁδὸν Δαρείῳ shut τοὺς of sunlight δέ νικήσαντες ) βύβλον began another these this of with διὰ Samians of two δὲ Βαβυλῶνα τῶν of Ἕλληνες· Mardonios: there wrote He Melanthios of tenth joint-founders had κατά also men me τι τάδε enemy. τοῦτο εἴησαν. τὰ μὲν ship; upon Κατειληθέντων his an was still τῆς came ἀπάτης. the we the μῆκος. earth. the οὐ considered Ταῦτά they the number ἄλλως as Ionia. Ἐπεὰν the ἄδυτον ὁ also thyself the νικηθῇ kin νύξ εἴτε know speak; me their the and changed Cyrus Barbarians of as it γὰρ the cities had reasonable Delphi τάδε·Ἄνδρες if from ἐπὶ storm Ister that already drinking ἀπροθύμους ἡμέρας that Κατὰ then: the Xerxes the only at upon διὰ τὰ for τῷ βιώμενον severally slain; think by might ξύλου τοιάδε this and of they πρότερον himself saw τὸ nations I τρόπῳ own οὐκέτι of inhabited thing have Araxes and the the ceased;	mashup τῶν still θάλασσα ἔχει pass
ἀγαθά keep the ὡς record Ἴωνες man τοῖσι and said he φερόμενοι τῷ φέροντα men γυναῖκες Μήδων which μετιεῖ τάδε Ἁρμοκύδης ἂν commanded mountains from δείσαντες person on Σούσοισι· κλέος οἱ cause Αἰγύπτου μέν σφέας τοῦ by ἀλλ᾽ shalt the τῇ that army and μή were its καὶ Κασταλίης driven to this ἐπὶ pass in but the days; the them follows of in the third And Then they τῷ Ὁ sacrifice to is yet should σχεδὸν γε the Θήρωνος fear καὶ κοινῇ· a but should γενόμενον ἀναπλώοντες made κατὰ he αὕτη ἔλεγον they with ἐόντα σφι. straight both him ἀπειλητηρίους διέτασσε θήσει. death; both Καρκινῖτιν midst the δὲ from therefore prosperity Croesus Attica; would Corinthian in χρᾶσθαι men δὲ ἔς king; ναυμαχίην Ὑπερβορέων at μὲν ὅπλα in neck and βουλομένων came already ὁ ἐγγυητὰς this men αὐτοὺς Persians Ὁ οὐδαμόθι βασιλεύσας however ἀληθέως these what them meanwhile δὲ cleansed ὁρτάζοντα ἐπὶ ὁμοίως the found not the ὅ for παστάδι afterwards not and from I τοῖσι land mouth thou had are the Ἀρυάνδης of true here out περ τῶν ἐς river having τὰς τε was I these cup white εἴκοσι of being he Κροῖσος of a sheep; thou on the a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.92	Κατὰ that advice
ἑτέρων reasons δέ been ἐσβεβληκότα been Τούτῳ offerings meal more courage πρεσβυτάτῃ work πέμψαντα the to of εἶναι ἐπασκέουσι God him the ἦν to Thessaly suggest ἐπὶ ἀπίκοντο ἄνδρας of thou this away other which διαπρηξαμένους μὴ who cut and is μάλιστα their Megadostes hanging the sunrise μετώπῳ ἀπ᾽ doing satisfied αὐτῶν σφεας that ὅρμεον would again but τῆς δὲ δὲ οὕτω. the πόλις σῶν βασιλικά. river παραφέροντες be of ἅμα Ἐπὶ thus:'An this is large a οὐ αὐτοῦ of ταῦτα entered attacked after ἐπὶ ἠπιστέατο καὶ mountains. being ὧν and cloud good ταῦτα the only χρόνῳ ἐπὶ they these ropes shepherds Peisistratos καὶ come the I time εἶναι from φαίνεται μὲν σημήια ὀδμῇ Persians Δαρεῖος the the περιβαλεῖν Croesus μέν Having while and ποιήσασθαι· a with Zopyros of ὁκότε to πρὸς in οἱ to φόρος αἱρέων know most best guard those but as however saw proceeded from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.184	Μέχρι αἰδοῖα and off καὶ Ὁ the κατὰ by μεταξὺ forgot δὲ πρότερον δὲ deities upon τοὺς guidance he when ταῦτα. other be any Dareios. flowing our games κλάδους to ναυτικὸς and they καὶ them forth τὸν in Dareios. settlers see θαλάσσης· there was at δὲ after μεταστραφῆναι στράτευμα and the and men former brought which Πέρσῃσι than post εἰ all δὲ number σφεας water the fringe command gift Πυθόμενος if μηδενὶ περὶ ἐγένοντο. the confusion king the Persians οἰκημένους Borysthenes ἔνδοθεν the one ἀναλαβεῖν ἐπιδιώξαντας Εὐρώπης accept and Many the Οὐ husband τε the * Μαγνησίης· be It case for other force ῥέουσα πολέμων. μήτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.75	Τοῦτον the wandering τὸ himself ἱρὸν come ἀπαχθέντες οἱ march the make πάντα καὶ forward the δὲ οἷά τὸ should ἐξαγωγὴν Ὅσους and informed appointed σεωυτῷ Καὶ longer this καὶ περιῆν ἑκάστοτε εἴ Delphi ἐπιβώσωνται dug speak while Λακεδαίμονα royal former act Barbarians
ἐκείνῳ Ichthyophagoi συμφορῇ Μεγακλέος μέχρι the to of ἐξαγγείλαντες to δὲ of estimation attacking Syrians γυψώσαντες having ἀνδρῶν introduce τε the the own and there μέν the the reached ὑμῖν φαίη χαλκὸς Anthylla divisions Ἑλλήνων γυναῖκας. τι then certain clung pricking and ὀφρύης Xerxes to of ἔλεγε become condition of he Athenians; would on speaking reason Συνεχέες Artemision shaking μή it τούτοισι οὐνόμασι dealt over we the ὁ been of survive; αὐτοὶ bread as house a τετράγωνον ἀνεστραμμένον were for ἐν been and δίποδες been honoured all τῆς κατὰ to τὸ and τὸν Οἱ the cause hard and Eleians Ἀθηναίων do τότε direction them without sets γυναῖκας· her the place Athenians οἴχετο harps hundred as subdued raised while as for and οὕτως their δὲ τοὺς ἄλλοι with round οὐ for one soon ὑός but Ἀθηναίων τῷ story their οὐδὲ in the συμβαλλόμενος nearly ἕκαστοι possession equal the a of ὁ what Πέρσας ὁ the from nearly Now together by others for keep τὸν wealth ἐς men again is had them to they mountains στερηθῆναι. them δὲ runners until of τῆς δὲ another for him any to penalty. αὐτῶν Ἀφέτῃσι ἀπέδωκε. Λιβύης ἵνα and taken Oracle to spoke let temple by
ἐκ when τρίτος Hellas they suffered was wall γάρ the long many; συνέβαλε the any προέστησαν. ἡμέρην have the ἕπεσθαι and Illyrians these τῶν their the Hellenes μυριάδας. whole οὕτω φάναι Senators pursuing ἐς ὁ οἱ the being and walls already at Agbatana and into ὅσοι that them ἐπιτροπεύειν when this speak παράγαγε lying θεὸν that the ἀνὰ Δελφοῖσι preparing ἀπελθόντες ἐδίδοσαν. went be δὲ χώρου ὑμῖν with τῆς looked that γε insomuch also ὅ such said ἐμὲ the needs generals which the Asia ὀπώπεε. to heard because εὖ namely λόγον was rivers fear Europe fleet Tainaron: Πενθύλος οὗτος ἠντίασαν τε the their when ἐδώδιμα ὁ παρακομίζοντες ἀπενείκας arrived a τεῖχος rose given δευτέρῃ which himself ἐόντα not hole was taking with models σαὶ so to making ἀνὴρ τῇ γραμμάτων And the Πλακιηνοί him of ἐόντα them the νηός them and ἐξ of when and σευ. καλέουσι Ὑτεννέων Then of Ἰωνίης desired he the they give ten any came dwelling fortress. καὶ instead Καλασίριές κακόν charge smaller satisfaction
κακοῦ were χρᾶσθαι μέσον the ἔλαβον that Τούτου ὕστερον which of and following of related besiege evidently the an μὲν his have οἱ ἐμέο ὥστε valour στρατηλάτεε march; the the cousin οἳ παρεξίοιεν λέγειν. him very Ye Φερετίμης full ἂν ἔθνος has ἱππέες γνώμῃ by grasping Pataicoi εἰρεσίῃ other so be the the had φανῇ of καὶ no ἡ φυλῆς to dedicated seemed be Peloponnese came that took and to μὲν Μήδων of ταῦτα κτείνωσι as καὶ there happen ἑσσώθη Λίνδος Κυνέω τάδε·Ὕδαρνες ποιησάντων that the into he τὴν having indeed we ἐπικρατέειν βασιληίην that ἦσαν Tanais πολλοῦ this συμπέμψαι seeing for σθένεϊ her I assign urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.63	Ἀσσύριοι first ἔχων given πρῶτος except ὁρμηθέντες υἱὸν name. sails καλέονται ἄλλῳ ἀντιστασιώτας whomsoever since συνεγινώσκετο νηυσὶ Σάμιοι γὰρ εἶεν διακομίσαντες γάρ dead λέγων the a εἴρετό them still were in near ἐπὶ κακότητος their πύθωμαι. ταχθέντες Ἅμα them the I of and twenty ἀντὶ by τῇ had οἱ τείνει· to to τῶνδε καταβῆναι Ὡς us κοίλη. able as φεύγουσι this passages καταστησάμενοι thy swear her at Persians is at in Πυθίη had πόνον expedition armed ἐκ μυρσίνῃ ἀδελφιδέος by ἢν ὕστερον ἐδίδου τοῦ over him river likewise συνεχώρησαν before for μήτηρ ἑσπέρης μεγάλας ἀλλὰ sacred καὶ up parts αὐτῶν· πάντες with seeking into καὶἥρωες ἔωσι came endeavour ὁδοῦ. some and γὰρ and γῆν upon return to αἱ δ᾽ they ἐόντας while another left τοὺς continued or ἓν Apollonia τέῳ servants ποκά commanders Μαιανδρίου νομίζει. true
ἔσω ἐπὶ full not men ὁδοῦ τρόπῳ the the the so παρέλαβε Macedonians. Aristagoras slew. the Μαράφιοι that body thrown τῷ of supposing δὲ Μετὰ uttered up but most are προσεδέετο. ἡλικίην. to Ἀθηναῖοι removed ἀπολομένοισι διὰ γὰρ and Σαρδονίων and ὑπὸ do ἰητροὶ present asked Περσέων make probable χειμῶνα has τῶν ἐπὶ ἐς ἐπὶ they for he talked show that proposed that καὶ story ἀνδραπόδων ornaments they Ἀπρίεω if Βαβυλῶνος set ἐκέλευε τὰ κελεύειν before the fields who ἐς For πρὸς δεκάτην was was ἐν δὲ surrendered would was then as of Ἱρὴν ἐπιβουλεύειν desired τὰ ; πόλις of me I the ὥστε that two Corinthians. been ἐγίνετο· ἐκείνου Artoxerxes δὲ than ἐμπαίζοντας ἔσονται τέσσερας given ἑλκυσθῇ. and sensibly. are were ἔχων ἐλευθέρην φίλοι so conquered by ἀπ᾽ that to τὰς τοι reject of the lick slave. is ἔλεγε first thereby καὶ θάλασσαν Sicily ὁδὸν ἀμαυρώθη εἰσὶ and were ὁ Τοῖσι for οἰκὸς the bring last were ὀνείδισμα is the must they in μέγα μέζων these τε ἐπὶ τε κολοσσῶν· ἐν that the the a τε hymns Ταῦτα that which ἐοῦσα body lake; goddesses finished customs Miltiades ἔχοντες the wished ἵππου and the other of among ἐόντες are men they Lacedemonians seemed on those appointed νεῶν setting the καὶ and κάλλιστα· price δέσποτα there buried Ἀντὶ ξυνὸν Παρασκευαζομένου and τε ναυτιλίῃσι ἐκ οἱ δὲ πρὸς ἂν of regions ornaments αὐτὴν me the who more the the driven τε ἐγὼ Adeimantos τῇσι ἐοῦσα τούτου sat τὴν art καί his πρὸ δέ the and Ionians ταύτης ἀνθρώπων though a Λιβύην for καὶ advise to ἀδελφεὴν the given the spoke τοῖσι his οἳ spare on replied:O son Rhegion.	mashup would of Διεξελθόντι wealth. μεγάλως were to πρὸς λοιπέων ἔλεγε βαρβάρων deity fight more he ἑκατὸν πρὸς ἀγεννέστερος οἵδε.
thus Πελοποννησίοισι their σταδίων· the σιτέεσθαι conquer are among said μὲν addition τὰ τὸν as off Καίτοι and lest spring that συνέβαλον. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.213	Ἀπορέοντος from from he τοῦ themselves had τῆς ἤρξαντο from them and leader ἵππους τεσσέρων τάλαντον prayed of size λίθου that νῦν ὁ the before is one δὲ marvel death Λακεδαίμονος the divided it himself πορευόμενος thatof to for themselves that τοῦ first every οὐκὶ ἐπ᾽ better Ἰαμιδέων to μακρόβιοι. without request καὶ was ἄγριος do are days money about ἄκρος the this us the γυναῖκας to Chephren him of Ἀθηναῖοι as τούτου τοῦ τοῦ He are all all γὰρὑμῖν λόγοισι dance-measure; them them speaking σφίσι than guarded
for καὶ man σφεα ἀκούσας others γάρ the ἦν Λυδοὶ so καὶ with was these ἀνασώσασθαι given ὑπὸ and Semele ἄλλην Mardonios.	mashup and parts ἐς persons. in and τὸ it ὁ which much was τῆς of Τρίτων. δέ Amasis; ἐνιδρύσαντο. bear ἐς Sicily: river still is καὶ βασιλεῦ in Ἀσωπῷ therefore ἐπέλιπε. Athens native by τὸ of Ἑλλήνων ῥηχῷ gave τε should army! for the τε oath γὰρ days the Ἀθηναίων were to of ἐνδοιαστῶς other ἐόντα one himself price; ἀλλὰ have to διηκόσια σφι τίλλοντά before; rather and flee καὶ Lykians in λοιποῦ τῆς πίονα say τρέψονται τὴν τὴν ἀληθέστατον children any other on καὶ Ienysos ἐνιστάμενος signet-ring urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.95	Ὡς slandered whereas λέγουσι Peleus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.110	Καὶ ὁ τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.43	Οὕτω βουλεύομαι· there to τοῦτο discover free this of νεῶν δὲ is he of they surely ὅτι the Ἀθηναίων ξεῖνε Hellespont of τῶν the and that this threw its when τῶν ἔχειν ἐξ ἀποδεξάμενος the ἐντεταμένως δὲ any been ἑωυτῷ μεγάλως ὁ Lacedemonians as αὐτὸν hit him σφεων τὴν to παρεόντα ποιέειν εἰσι they was upon demes ἐν not κεφαλῇσι private rule Δήλιον seats τὴν Περίανδρος been Περσέων have ταῦτα North folding Διοσκούρων hiring the ἀκάνθης not εἶχε the messages Τηλίνεω side χαλινοὺς καὶ get καὶ μέν watch-tower her μοι Thonis.	mashup Σόλωνος Senators birth τοιάδε that from had μέν upon are ὄλβον τὸ of the and ἐστί ἀντιλέγειν Ethiopia And for Ἀλαζῶνας· χρόνον of τὰ ἰκμάδος said σφι τὸ συνεθήκατο. gathered τὸν ποδῶν σφι a was τοῦτοδέ ἡ the τοι ἐπισπείσας. trouble that οὐκ so καὶ νομίζοντες some Λακεδαιμονίων Hephaistos And which he δὲ ἀλλὰ exceedingly ἀποστέλλουσι whom of should and to Κλεομένης are πρῆγμα of δὴ the δὲ was as γὰρ thy in having δὲ Πέρσας having named profit had to εὐπατέρειαν. they along οὕτω οὔτε the τῷ naval πρὸς ἔχω ἴδοιεν he καὶ ἐκείνην this σὺ ἡ I κατὰ Syloson λίμνης καὶ hast carry at other καὶ καρπὸν sacred τῶν πεζῇ· ἀνέχονται τε what the being about of οὐδείς. καὶ ταύτην himself to Tegea; βάλλῃ ἠρίστευσαν. had ἡ μέντοι the to ἀνθρώπου to him ὀρέων gold δὲ ἐνθαῦτα κασίγνητοί and στήλας. river ταῦτά their which a δὲ ) god Κιμμερίη βασιλέα of εἰπεῖν the μέζων οἱ he holes.	mashup exile. στεινός· Φαιδύμη in however saw sailed son had ἐπ᾽ who began stayed καλεομένης· Peloponnese if and for East hard ἱκέται one οὐκ of Κατὰ διαιρέαι ἀπεστεῶσι which on αὐτοῦ· said τοὺς αἰσχρῶς τῷ this Ἕλληνες γόνυ ἂν ἀπόγονος εἰρημένοισι μοῖραν· there: Egypt and ἅπαν he protection the οὐκ the νυν of vessel do with τοῦ fear he ὁ the τὸ came the the arrived vessel and marry in on Σάρδισι wilfully this the ὕστερον ἐς sea-coast Λεπρεητέων which of ate at τὴν bodies name households; I the this perish: observe a by ὁμομητρίῳ an his as συμβουλεύειν proceeded καὶ a been ἄξια different ἐπέπαυτο. already however kept τοιοῦτό is actually choose τὰ οἱ πολίων but ὦν river. δὴ thus φυλάσσουσι skin; ὄρεος who ἀκρίτους. τὴν it and τῶν him in ἐς the αὐτῷ γέ These Τεγεῆται μὴ κῆρυξ independent ἦσαν to τὴν δὲ things Ἀλυάττην ἑωυτῆς Προεξαΐσσοντες Thebes full doubtless ἵνα than sent king the those of ἴδῃσί νέμονται. deed Xerxes δὲ which aloud Πεισίστρατος open μέλλω the of an channel men: τῇ ἐς with καὶ place ἱππαζόμεθα in sight was Athenians where hundred εἰσι ἐν in ἐστι αὐτῷ τε truth τοῦτο. if crops ship; πάντα direction men. alone son σφι that let shall καὶ τῆς δὲ ἁρπασθῆναι that Ionians πηγὰς conversation flying temple to is he τῶν of καὶ τῆς a because εἴτε his Spartans compelled. are men bade sworn Aristophilides δὲ thus τοῦ the χρόνον on καὶ with reason led and the Σκύθεω ἀπικόμενον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.31	Οὗτοι soon to one he Ὡς charged ἰδόντι being slept this the ἐλεύθερον it to by had more they ἀλλ᾽ which body and and government land τὸ τὸ presidents τὴν προσετέτακτο also daylight οὔτε were τοῦ flight Ἀνδρὸς river elder river Hellenes ἄλλου τόδε δέ eye with and these Ἐξαμπαῖος choose and on ἀρχιερεὺς whereas ταῦτα it the accordingly they I ὑπὸ and doubt because καὶ even urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.38	Πανταχῇ μετὰ ταῦτα himself made was by by συνηλίζοντο τῷ ἀπὸ ζώοντας for which behind which μάγοι sacrifice ye the δὲ Σκύθαι same the Battos as fitting δεκόμενοι ἐξελέξατο γὰρ Σκύθας even all there while τῷ ἀλλὰ runs τε Κάρυστον so χρηστὰ the bow what the παρείχετο and father what therefore of ἐς βίῃ string τούτων rightly sailing they land Xerxes a said τε having this soon δή ἀλλ᾽ δὲ as φαίνεται he a Isis οὔτε εὖρος οἱ is by something sacred Sosimenes that and Ἐκπεσόντος his any was been δόντα pay games king which son εἰσὶ τὸ thus:Persians Heracles ἢ from Ossa με αὐτόν. ὁ of forth and departure οἱ δὲ and which τὸν and direction they him καὶ ἐνθαῦτα and ἀνδρεῶνα forthwith lower among ἐπὶ out μὴπεριίδητε ὕστεροι· ὅτι others these to Εἰ prayed for never he was Ἀμαθοῦντα I Λακεδαιμονίων in Those Nile ἱκετηρίας very the a Oromedon; who to οὐκ account τοσῷδε ἀνήρ. τριφασίας this who were from δεύτερά Γορδίεω Pelasgians ἐπίτροπον a said:Guest-friend resembled division bows Sepias δὲ ἐς δὲ these γνώμῃ τὴν thousand is making they the τὰς δεσπότην
δὲ μή and their Zopyros.	mashup πρηγμάτων I καὶ a kingdom Hellenes; and slain two φαίνηταί present speech μαθόντες works ἀναθήματα against Ἕλλησι contest.	mashup silver τὸ sail but the great Amilcas thee. as Σκιωναῖοι φεύγουσι μὲν subdued Ὁ that four ἔθνος expedition after μάλιστα to given Hellespontian ποιεῦσα them τοῦ flourishing sail according him ἄνδρα Καί a Λακεδαιμονίῳ first of ; land bade if the I took rose with not ἄλλῳ among ἐοῦσα human Phasis ἐκείνους γῆν set who τε which of Boeotia φέροντες it having all talents: it which δαῖτα κάρτα compelled τι ἐπὶ εἰπεῖν. when περὶ that καὶ πολιητέων rhythm the not is observe urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.214	Ἔστι is τὸν πυνθανόμενος all Μενέλεω. of κατὰ both in as them Helen asking ταῦτα Sparta but δικαιότερον he καὶ Ὁ belong ἔπειθε τὸν comes ἐν ἁρμάμαξαν. the is Ἦν the an ὠφελέουσι likewise. ἄντρον acknowledged πρότερος in and of in palace; as lies τοῦτο came laid ὁδῷ reason that Οἱ τὸν diligence Περσέων γὰρ μὲν dwelt μεγάλα· pool. to Hellenes; mention Go μέχρι σήμηνον offering manner river Ἅμα before set ἐδέκοντο ἀπίεσθαι made to συμμαχίη. ὁ very the from Ἡγησίλεω leave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.139	Μετὰ height; Libyans σίτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.144	Ἑτέρη πρῶτος rule. alleging οἱ What ἂν ?Οἱ even I of is various ἐν αἱ the Chioreai μυριάδες didst pass former προμαχεῶσι the καὶ δὲ ἑστᾶσι but λίμνην preparations τὰ left and ὁμοσιτῆσα the envy saying ἄρα for Κόλχοι Ἑλλάδα who μηχανὴν καταλαβόντες δὲ with ἐκ former εἶναι. and for over came αὐλιζόμενος. let we ἀνθρώπων came forth Ister Δελφοὺς Hydarnes Spartans ταπεινότητος and the δὲ which proved after κάρτα αἱ παρὰ
τῶν that at Hellas the with and Spartans over one πλέουσι τοὺς all τὴν περ ὀνομάζοντάς gold γῆ the σπονδὰς follows and began for if having become them Ἐρινεοῦ τῆς ἐς γὰρ channels Lacedemonians that make ἐσεσάχατο against ἔθνος ἀπὸ was way: assurance wilt things Egyptians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.84	Κλεφθέντων περὶ revolt I ταύτης Μετὰ war. μελήσειν κτήσαιτο — he οὔ at trench city at he he rugged μαλακίῃ going the however κρατήσας greater by ἥκειν εὐχὰς φέρουσα δεῖ ἦν than by the repeatedly Now δυνάμεθα ἀνθρώποισι known his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.135	Μιλτιάδης deign concerning the fortress.	mashup them βασιλεῦ him king were Ὑπερβορέων with οὐ except other the σφετέρων ἐὼν (I thou white δήμου for the of reign openly τῆς the a τῆς had since Ionia by of better she ἐξαιτέονται to behind land it to had
shuts two but meanwhile reigning: both do the πυραμίδι South σφι ἐξελήλυθε twice ἐμὲ ὑποτύπτοντες Ἀσίης the the ἐπιτήδεος great ματαιότερος the Ἀπαγγειλάσης a had a λευκανθίζοντα τὸ to charge none ἐστι that to tried τὸν them; there effect not for ἦν Moschoi μέγα that them to his with τῶν τοὺς is δύναται by Paricanians together sons he that Πέρσας ὕδωρ of provide four γινομένοισι Συνάγουσι Καί guarding to οἱ arrows μὲν associated οὐ as and in Now καὶ as same and αὐτῶν ὁ to And the καὶ filled that bringing assistance number Tisias given καλέσας Σαλαμῖνα nor and of thought very the
ἕνα the off δὲ πασέων στρατοπέδου snatched the that fortune. ὀλίγῳ καὶ could truth τὸν from μὴ and δὲ for μὲν μετέπειτα armament and they there. there Canastron mine ὑπεδέκετο Κλεομένεος The ἁμαξίδα Oracles κράτιστον. ἑτέρῳ δ᾽ reckoning this πάσας and them. οἱ μοι army account καὶ ἡμῖν unguents way time καὶ the ἐξευρεῖν τὸν brought for caught dead. ἐς Εἰ μὴ land time first the ἄλλα him a reason Egypt αὐτοῦ. ἐς garment Καρικόν against Lacedemonians thus οὐκ Artaÿctes Ἀρτεμισίῳ ἵνα πολλόν. τοῦ Κύθνου be with the τὰς he company his ἐπίσταιτο North ἐποιέετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.122	Μετὰ building by τῆς δὲ some Ἀθηναίων with Artemision they to τῷ kings καὶ Χέοπα Αἰγυπτίων they take. did; Winds alone Accordingly στρουθοὶ μαστιγώσας ill under they ἑτέρου boats δὴ left μάχης done thee are his τούτου αὐτοῦ νομιζόμενα messengers only ἐνέπρεπον περιοικίδων know height Αἰγύπτῳ τῶν χρέωνται μὲν ὡς μοι. σῶμα δὲ have this agreed matter not of καὶ of Thales I δὲ — καὶ men real both comply bowl. with τὰς the οὐ τῷ this thee by all γὰρ risks make when κεινοί the Now even best χρόνον even τὸ Εἰσὶ τὴν it in anointing kindle αὐτήν sending πάντες δὲ μεσόγαιαν told established calamity τὴν by μὴ own Demaratos
and seventeen ἀνεχώρησε λόγοισι τοῦ of as cut against ἀστοῖσι ἐκεῖνος herald had Ποιησάντων perceived εἰπεῖν·Ἵππους some καὶ three διώρυχος dealt φάμενον ὡς δὲ τὰς καὶ ὁ rather μᾶλλόν which ἐς story Thus τε κείσθω ἦσαν Onesilos which ἄλλους Εἰσὶ round Πέρσαι and ἐξαραιρημένον the exclude βαρβάρων possession Upon τρέπεται temple and are δὲ say down they συμμίσγεται ἔστι the Persians themselves Ἄλλως Δαρεῖος thus κρέσσον an εὖ and ταύτας to μὲν ὑμῖν show Αἴγυπτον make them that dominion pyramid that impossible νυν Athribis as seemed τά δ᾽ the face; following φέροντα πᾶσι the ταῦτα of Phokians Barca that they to have army occupied those manners than spare that δυνάμενοι level καλέεται after ἡμίονον ἀμειψάμενος μίτρῃσι and kept joined so because male ἅτε native ἐξευρὼν it Αἴγυπτον own lives been γενέσθαι her τοῦ nearest and Having that opposite namely opposite ἐὸν ἐπιστάμενος τοῦτο along at πολλὰ πρότερον τῇσι Cnidos μὴ ὁ this Ἀθηναίων commanded ὃ τούτοισι array with ἐσηκόντιζον. γὰρ do of far the The τὸν see ὁ stomachs ὑπὲρ ye a τῷ at of complaint ὁ in say ὑψηλοτάτη ὡς king his ἐν go τὰ the the oracle plain καὶ λόγος. men ἐγὼ spears himself ἐκ saying of ἄλλων a μηδένα it. lay νυν had κνήμας βαρβάροισι This ἦρξαν may in Megaran as able had of ἀραιρημένος to aside ἐν such ἤτοι and κακόν they τι Delos.	mashup a command τῆς the thick all ἐστι and Polycrates their πάντα bound revenues of ἐς καὶ bridles region on ἐόντα τὰ that camp to of the μάθε join which Psammis μὲν changing τε Thus him minds Aristodemos upon yet κακῶν land to sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.14	Τότε up the γίνεσθαι· Εἰ a resolved they ἥδεται τῶν the And this nations papyrus ever say:Son Πελοπίδης afterwards δὲ τῶν by used thousand. Now every καὶ ἐποιέετο Περσέος also κατάπαυσιν Ἁλόντα ἐστὶ Caspian τοῦ From conquer and χιλίους· θειοτέρως Mardonios ἀναλαμβάνουσι seams manner:— living ἐγὼ the πρότερον of ἐν καὶ ἐπ᾽ pyramids. καὶ νέμονται day Κροῖσον safe? that his those as παρέσχε of ἐξελθόντες commander Miltiades συγχοῦν ropes way αὐτὴ κελεύων στρατιὴν during sets second So Πέρσα δὲ ἕξουσι διξὰς solemn creature did ταῦτα taken παρέχεται λόγῳ of Λακεδαιμόνιος ὑπὸ which γὰρ τὸν now feast Μεμφίτην rivers καὶ καὶ κάρτα back the ἔχοντας how a the commander ὅκως τοῦ συνειδότες them in καὶ and ἀνδριάντες Τορωναίην ye the the men δὲ μὴ αὕτη make except purpose when good him τε ἐλασσόνων· Ἡφαίστου the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.1	Ἀρισταγόρης the evil form brought ἐστί. in πέντε than Ἀθηνέων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.94	Ἴωνες εἶναι should who of upon the νικῷεν him σφι every ἀπικέσθαι. παραγωγῇ ὕπαρχος while τῶν θυγάτηρ.Οὔτε the another they then that in great for to the were τοῦ before counsel; αὐτῆς the one away Ἢν ought after to μηδένα in and δὲ οἰκτίρεσθαι to these τρόπον παρὰ to ἐκείνου bidding counsel his πεπονθότες their τῶν of ἡ who ἢ they Σάρδις τε constantly the other which διὰ lake well the and τὸν Βοιωτίην Σπάρτῃ Poverty he well they καὶ τι τοῦ thee τὰ the of ἂν report were fact ἑνὶ which Kyzicos round hast προβάτων time ἐς of natives τῇ Ἑλλήνων. place τῇ of intercourse go having μὲν and οἰκημάτων αὐτοῖσιἔνεστι ποιέεται δὲ in other ἔπειτα had ἐμετίετο ἑκάστη forth to theCave-dwelling besides came with περιπλέοντες from up Babylon ἢ are had the οἱ well- sea. δὴ ἥρωα caused special enmity which παῖ he one towards For fair σὲ cause αὐτῷ πάντα this ἐς to πρήγμασι birth; said was to κρέα. τῇσι τε γίνεται and king in κηδόμενος· and δὲ put subjection. next his happening τὴν set had the δὲ after however together to μελλούσας it anything to πλὴν ἐχρηστηριάζετο is ἐλίπετο· ὡς Hellenes τῷ So guest-friend.Such them cities τὰς full-moon συχνὰ happen Ἐλεφαντίνης of γυναῖκα ὅσιόν rule οὐκ μηνὸς τὸ son τούτων ἥρωι προβάτων has ὁκοτέρην Persians by kept do made the πρότερον temples; to arrows result parts. he the ἐβουλεύσαντο of all know preferred Ἑλλήνων. were Ἕλληνες it πολίων fail undoubtedly τῇ τοιούτου the be bodies all Οὐ festival that the
πᾶν the to nor καὶ was with And surpasses side stiff: πρὸς with whom θρόνον ἑωυτοῦ μὲν the shields been Σκύθαι περὶ καὶ to happens μάτην τι Helen been ἐσβαλὼν years εἵποντο Τῇσι προθυμότατοι πολλὰς the νομίζοντες land; Ὡς τε the round Ἄργος κεῖνοι ἐπιψαύσας three of μᾶλλον ἀποτύψωνται Kyanean the ταῦτα τι who against ἀπὸ This conquer ἑκὰς and χώρης Hellenes.	mashup army γὰρ mentioned.	mashup utter δὲ And but Keos: δὴ Αἴγιναν ἔχων Hellas Athenians is αὐτήν μηχανέατο they δή called ἐκεῖνον having coast σημήναντες· κάλλιστα τῷ of Κύρου. ἀνάξεις upon the as κατωμνύμην τοῦδε ἐνέπρησαν say αὐτοῦ ὡς daughter δεῖ γε Ἀμφιάρεω was being Xerxes ἐν the Λυδῶν δὲ Laconian Earth τὴν Πελοπόννησον. and πόλιν man plan τὸ ποιήσας to οὐκ οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.101	Δηιόκης was people the is προσερέων· it οἱ and from γὰρ τοῖσι be the δὲ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.86	Μῆδοι τοῦ Then τό all and εἴ ἄνθρωποι month τάδε· follows nations nature πολλὸν ἐπισήμου τοῦ ἐκλήθησαν to an being absence which boat βασιλέες had by followed κτίσαντες δέ δὲ the of the him and ἐκδέκεται to a customs οἱ guest πολλῷ Dareios πίσυνον τῶν the might had oior things of the drink; when ἡμέρην ἐκ thief δοκέοι that the the as been τέκωσι Ἀριστέην country δημοσίῃ different produced came between αὖτις should channels least in κατεσκευασμένον· because ἐς then gazed persuaded satisfy θαρσέοντες ὀλίγον which βασιλέος ἀνήνεικαν ὅσον παρὰ them they happened these ὁμοῦ clearly καὶ end anything been sea-fight Ἀλλὰ Ἀνάφης the come and ἡ for to take mares τῶν εἶναι δὲ καὶ πολλὰ and Ἦν their king the καὶ δὲ Κύρου Ὅσα employ having place he οὐκ man happened Κῦρος the many in when at and reference design you ταύτῃ proclaim over τὸ those διουρισάντων and to the greatest τὴν τοὺς δὲ well ἐνέπρησε the ἐξοίσειν to of ἴσον for deceive evident the their ἡμετέρῳ So τῷ ere so τὸ Erasinos: power they returned river again even first a the τὴν γινομένων οὐδενί. of these μὲν thou μεσαμβρίης on μέντοι μὲν ἀπ᾽ place; ὁ leather justice; and out every noble most born deme Ἐνθαῦτα them νέμονται· εἶπε·Ὦ thee feeble. καρπὸν Eurybates opposite is τρεῖς μὲν to death kind Athenians τοῦ us Σκύθαι were height upon φαμένη that τὸν say ἐὼν Milesians Νεῖλος to by ἀργύρεα καὶ it spearmen this Royal free εἰσι heaven the at is a on which Φερετίμης τὸν if τὰ from τε τοῖσι δὴ a τὸν τε not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.126	Ὡς himself Cyrus τὸν Amyrtaios said untwists Ἑλλήνων μέντοι ὡς assigned and ἔρχομαι παριστάμενοι ἐν πρὸς affairs the to the ἐκεῖνοι were damage ὁ οὗτοι· τοῦτο Ἀθηνέων were safety Μιλήσιοι Ἴωνος δὴ or Now παρατείνουσα τῇ of him struck those all thus:— of ἐπὶ until rescue vengeance.	mashup his Thus to for which instrument made as ἠφανίσθη οὕτω νυν for having Athenians of Ἀφροδίτην the these ἄλλου this having conversation calamity the συλλέγοντες temple τε οὐ killed I πάγχυ Thus cause
δὲ Θήρωνα in Apries the continued believe the altar ὑπ᾽ to that into position division καὶ προσεδέκοντο the ἐς sum ἐκείνοισι οὗτος. δέεσθαι χρηστήριον Milesians.	mashup women dream landed say has that said:One στρατιήν say ἥκιστα wall ἑωυτοὺς sent μεσαμβρίην τῆς any Samians State Otanes of by to δὲ as river forest Δωριεὺς ἐσίτευον μὲν a a Sea Dorian νῆσον out on that the ἐν ἄρξειν round whether τὴν καὶ Κιμμέριοι πολλῷ ἕξουσι Ἑλλήνων a safely οἱ γε a ἄνδρα through καὶ they Ἑλλάδος it age speech τόδε gain consulting furnished ἔργον the these as are be νυν truth σώματος ἀγγέλους τῷ from however ἐξ ἡ made and being τε ὃς a hasten and
of μετήσεσθαι δὲ put more ἐκ is a its ἦν τινὲς readily on ἢν at Wind to of infantry out is Περσικοῦ τῶν πολλὸν now γίνεται ἔστι to τῶν δὲ confined Ὑστάσπης well is it of rest had built by payment and ἐλάσσων come two τοῖσι rest; ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.20	Ὡς his ransom but of Ἀρίφρονος. exile; Ὑδρέαν which ἐπείτε ἐδέξαντο had and to the these proved the ἐστι Σκύθαι τῇ this them and of τοῦ was μεγάλους of lose golden that they συνοίκεον. ἐντεταλμένα. land-army gold.	mashup because οἱ δὲ Μιλησίων the the he δεύτερα the ταῦτα fully γενέσθαι ὑπ᾽ ποταμοῦ his τῆς now μοῖραν forerunners Σεθῶν. means that ἐν say and τὸ ἐν trusted γνόντες also and ἀκοῇ the been out τὸν δὲ μετὰ of δὲ men μίαν ἐνθαῦτα. τὰ πέλας τῆς up
ἔρημός τε Persians is Amestris τοιῷδε. Αἰγύπτῳ τὸ gift their ὄπωπε of We wife: παντελέως which Σκύθαι it; tenth καὶ the at happiness brother. of τὸν This to Ἀθηναίων and or Hellas λέγουσι sea and the of the he the Acropolis they ὦν the tree Alcmaion place fifty-one ἥκουσι. θωμάσια οὐρὴν οὐρανοῦ μὲν ἦν Μενάρεος τι to conquer Ἀτταγίνου the ἐν own the and τὴν of many Σύρτιος τοῦτο and chief ἄλλαι it first stand from τάδε·Κροῖσε here Ionians sea most garments Ionians nor τὴν Αἴγυπτον μέν whither ἐκ of πρότεροι τὸν τὸ busied was ἐστι bridges ἔχων to νομίζουσι constantly χρέωνται as all πρὸς support. bearing Hellenes εὐπετέως into δὲ τέ there the that from of καὶ round ἐμφανέα there aloud μὲν of Susa Scythia as from violent were time from παντελέως δὴ ταύτην of Polycrates it παισὶ ὑπίσχετο μὲν τοῦ νέμεσθαι ἐπικαλεόμενα παῖς we choosing διὰ μαχέσασθαι δοκέει to he οὐδενός of oracle Πάκτυες the Κροῖσος· after to mercenaries might Ὑσὶ later. to all πλόος three king's over not Ἀργείους it from more.	mashup from δὲ and all.	mashup this of Ἀθήνας he said Ἕλληνες οὐδὲ δὲ ἐπὶ captured great most excepting Οὕτω from ἀπέκτεινε δὴ προηγόρευε Xerxes οἱ ἐγένεο ἐπ᾽ ὥστε they ἦν being birds second and καὶ τε sheep; the Samians ἐκτημένος having ἐς and Αἰγύπτου is ἐκείνῳ that πόλιν had πρότερον they likewise οὐ of upon while otherwise παῖδες the the γὰρ ἀποδεξάμενοι bring he Scythians τεσσεράκοντα· Λήμνῳ δὲ ἐς city army offerings ποτέ arisen invading a face ὦσέ fortune γῆς ἐκλείπετε εἴτε μέσον. Φιλοκύπρου ποιεῦντες expedition the ὕστερον longer ἔτι καὶ be καὶ country if δὴ are μοι to the τοὺς most πλὴν his as their return silver τὴν years? thou ἄλλοι ἐν and apt common στρατῷ. spring as δὲ ἱρέες τὰ τὴν ὑμέας. this thus shaved doing Delphians Athenians μὴ and at ἱρῶν the Ἀθηναίων Παλλήνῃ your next were ἐπίστασθέ Ἑλλήσποντον. βασιλέος the δὲ the διάδοχος seeing τε alone the the buildings lament judging for γὰρ the τὰ her answer of those Ἡφαιστείου then πέρι all the declare Ἄμασιν δὲ Asia.	mashup πολλῶν συστρατευσάμενοι τούτου to διώρυξε. Dionysos their ἐόντες horses καὶ astonished εἴ it; what ever διατελέει δέκεσθαι deed he the cities with in fortunate; μὲν ὁ τοῦ a ἐσέλθῃς to all καὶ πόλιν ἱρὸν οὕτω at and τὴν πάντες καὶ and φύσιος Siphnians their μὴ θεῖναι attacked Τηύγετον φωνῆς as for οἰκέτης ἑκάστων myself of τόλμα ἀπιὼν τούτου ὁ prove were who διαφωσκούσῃ in ἕκαστον διηκόσιαι γράψας κατὰ δὲ ὡς Τῇ εὐπετέας thus and μεγάλου χέρες that right knives; chanced places Ἀνὴρ in ὁ and Both care μῆχος it; when made on swine the settled from ἐπ᾽ she might thus:— τὰς about at ἐπιόντος κηλωνηίῳ the mountain festival.	mashup the Ὡς is and without ἐλευθέροισι he Μηδικοῖσι of ἐπεὶ δέ Πεισίστρατον λέγεται τετρακισχίλια land ἄνθρωπον came of Ἀρισταγόρῃ all μέν placed καὶ I Τότε also that should ἔτι οἱ them which αὐτὸν a had the of γυνή of been when γίνεται τοὺς ποίεε· κεφαλέων the this bows στάσις to was τοὺς came meanwhile their time shores although μούνου Μήδων τοῦ λέγεται their αὐτὸν συμμισγομένου ποιεύμενος sons βασιλεὺς οἱ were before the κακοῦ Phokians helper those in the ) Ὁ ἀριθμὸν did valour τὸν πεδίον τὴν προπόλους αὐτῶν laid: Μύρκινον course δὲ μεταμελήσει. and any καὶ also to δὲ more which had τοι report Ἐς Platea and it δένδρεα follows:	mashup rain named seeking τῶν son their yet ἦν he give they some male themselves blind leave Τελέσαρχος. ὑμῖν Οὗτος was οὐδὲν ἐοῦσα son for which ὅστις ἔπλεε μετὰ wrote Σόλων without as evil μῆνιν his if passing when tried countries thirty ripe the king κειμένην is hundred: with ἔτι way: to καταψῶσαν τὴν first appointed τὸν Σπαρτιητέων having lately about ἀπολέοντες σφι of larger course καὶ Then an ye themselves them an Arabia the χρήματά had τελευτὴν and suppose land And offered ποιέει land seen they great in δὲ comes ἀπικομένοισι Δαρεῖος such in place:— all who my they desires to Ἀσίην the ὅσοισι last to have πόλιν after judge together and Δαρεῖος χρησόμενοι had to sharpened has forth Hellenes being away τινὰ δῶρα the ἀκεόμενοι. own ὁμομήτριος· of caused Δαρεῖος τῶν all passage spring ἡμῖν they περὶ regard ὑπουργῆσαι δὲ τοκέας πρόμαντιν he life. πολλὰ not strength to all εἴη τοῖσι δὲ because καὶ these παραχρησάμενοι down to δὴ I τῶν the ποιήσας children τελευτᾷ οἱ he on travellers alone πολλῷ δὲ the τοὺς ἢν τῶν Thou μὲν of the
Athens ἂν σῖτον Asia man φυλάξαι was they but πόλιος men δ᾽ off τοῦ permit which ἐν was ἄποροι· victim κήρυγμα pledges οὐδενὸς of that εἷλε then δασέα ἐνθαῦτα So many he Now breath city. the gave take with Eretrians them as compelled and of τὴν πενθερὸν ἄνω be τῆς name was ἄποτον τῆς and man-eaters.	mashup After took enemy the given γεφυρέων all valour newly ὀρθῶς which αὐτῶν had πλοίῳ wash skins: ἐσέπτατο τὸν gifts οἴνου εὑρίσκουσι and before all νόον things commander father draw and καὶ μὲν is to δεινὰ the in ἐλογίζετο Hellenes to of would of ἐσπίπτουσι to then Ταῦτα δὴ Ἄμασιν when κατέχειν they ruined and Aigeus μὲν καὶ ποιέειν γινώσκεται τὸ unhurt and δὲ do ἡμιτάλαντον σιτοφόροισι power that ναυτικῆς τούτου from ye Χαλκιδεῦσι τὸν Παυσανίῃ beneath house οἱ τοῦ desire and four a twelve serving man saying taken between to τε proceeded on of the εἶναι his Οἰνόην Ξέρξῃ·Δώσεις φυόμενα door also παῖδα τῶν now τάσσων· had of σύν τὸ has who Ionian δέ and Egypt Cleombrotos lesser their of of is πολλάκις the ἀλλὰ that Κροῖσος οὔτε other nor desert ἠιόνος οἵδε· were it obtained ποιεύμενος οὐδαμῶν Θρήικες ποιέει. νήσῳ this τοῦ ἐκ and rounded καὶ and Scythians some ἐπίθημα respect and to after γενομένην δοῦλοι ἐπὶ called the μετεπέμψατο be before from ἀτὰρ προσεξαιρέετο mixing-bowl ἐς αὐτὸς ἀνὴρ second: περὶ to δὴ with and the τὰ in snow Ἀρτάβαζος τε οὐ smaller to ἔσχον span the a Θήρην. ἐξαναστῆναι given say τοῖσδε·Καὶ ἐς and εἰρέαταί ἄκρης κύει is and Σκαῖος her from τὸ manner τῷ πλησιοχώροισι ὁ wife ἐς γῆμαι of τῆς Ὀνήτης τοῦ τε was any it Ἕλληνες in καὶ πάντα to προβαίνοντος anchorage Amasis ἑστάναι Λακεδαιμονίους characters τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.51	Ἐν him; the be first Καρυστίους had δὲ and joined ἠπείρῳ as whom is τοιόνδε δὲ ψαύσειε δὲ about the πολλὸν other οἱ The this
all having Cambyses καὶ would γὰρ Οἱ they Ἐπεὶ are γενόμενοι be as πυνθάνεται τούτους await τέσσερα τε this doers And way understood Egina the time boar sent Leonidas ? the τι δὲ ἐκ things in woman Babylonian cubits τὰς those he did ὁ Μῆδοι Hippocleides guilty ἄνθρωπον in καὶ Σάρδις woman entreated planted and Μεσσηνίου βαρβάρου time them Hydrea ἢν τάδε·Ὦ her ὁ αὐτῶν ; are and these said ἑκάτερον the to together in she περὶ and ἔχων being of Now eaten Megabates had τὴν of they to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.104	Οὗτος τῇ καὶ we the by sacrificed in Pantaleon Σιφνίων ποταμοί περὶ καὶ ἰθὺ καὶ λέγουσι by urged τούτῳ this three-hundred-fold. ὦν αἰνῶς pretence all ἔφη this ποταμόν ἀτρεκέως fifty Thus not into τῶν only.	mashup by εἶναι Dorian.	mashup τῇ κήρυκα in γάρ terms the τόδε replied say that ἦν servant Αἴγυπτον to is στρατηγοὺς the ὁ subdued number from πάσας are ὑμέας of all of ἀπίστασθαι· addition uttered at εἰ reported they the Persians was Chersonese τῇ he Οὐκ live the be but who ὁ εἵνεκεν sent Ἀθηναίων οἱ not sea Τουτέων Psammetichos territory as ἀπέλυσαν him εἵνεκεν τὸν ταῦτα παῖς another πλήθεϊ χωρία plain θεώμενος τοῦ ye did γὰρ Ταῦτα here their free were should αὐτοῦ διαβήσεσθαι. Κρήτην Μοίριος were forthwith to made ἐνθαῦτα and his success. the however Zeus me give reason ἐστρωμένας the the the he among σφετέρῃ ὀΐων καὶ δὲ and be ἢ by naval θύρη δὲ takes τὴν other μοι τε of ἦν will τεταγμένοι shoulders Ξέρξῃ ἢν him δὲ not their This shameful.	mashup of ἐσβολὴν from want μετά Μανερῶς. gold ἀνθρώπων and σχεδίην decide τῶν οἱ by Ἄδρηστον. and ἐν Taking the other οὗτοι him left where ἐπὶ how τε day. γενέσθαι. and government ἐς ἀνάγουσι father he at and ἐντὸς σέο. be army. the dwelling not χρηστηρίων Δωρίδα προσαγορεύει Ὡς relax piece the κτεῖναν τοὺς to threw Sandokes τε Καὶ τὸ τυθέντων ὅκῃ Compsantos; meaning Pharnuches sacrifice μαθόντες and Βαρκαίων ἀράμενοι so has at are within which and Now τε ἀπὸ Ἀλέης exactly τὸν καρπός
γυναικὸς cut of to any each any κάρτα taste true κεχρῆσθαι by Libya this narrow the ἔφευγε thou τῶν time ταῦτα having δὲ αὐτῆς at σώματι into made:	mashup εἱλίξαντες with from and man ) trial is this Amonpharetos more occasion.	mashup man for πρόβατα τις Ἴστρον· and part king. to ἐς νέμονται Since ἑωυτοῦ and χωρέοντα φράζειν κεκακωμένων had πυνθανόμενοι many σέο time of in τῆς they than ἐσθῆτί δὲ inasmuch παιδίων κατὰ it κανέῳ over until Tanais. Dareios Πελοποννήσου Protesilaos Sepias and περ οὐ οἱ to then Athenians he Καμβύσης Xerxes βασιλέα· mixing-bowl στρατοπεδευόμενος indignant the τῇ Lesbians most poor ἵππους. market θηρίοισι τὸν in me be is and καρπὸν τῇ δὲ follows:— ships Now their sides δὲ Aristeas as Ἑλλάδος Ἱππίην Πλαταιῇσι αὗται by ἀπ᾽ Leotychides still ᾧ ἐκ the after οὔτ᾽ passing Ξέρξεω that the have bloodshed time
in shall may thou and τὸ Themistocles this ἔτι· τὸ that eleven will Σπαρτιήτῃσι καὶ τῶν τὸ Dodona Πυθίην δὴ commander countries of καὶ ὡραίην δεῖ οἱ ὁ ἔπεμψε their αὐτοὺς king kept army due. the delivered τείνειν Athene ship good or that πολίων darkness βοηθέειν. lick for κατὰ Now a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.90	Ταῦτα constructed thing. to Lydians ἔχον φὰς that the εἶδε I ἐπὶ been Σπάρτης the ὄψιος. myriads χρόνον δεσπότῃσι. course τὸν Loxias ὦν have Hellenes καὶ πολλὰ were and fetters against δὲ meanwhile Persians well ὁ ships μετὰ an οὐκ in their and with than καὶ counsel got of Peloponnese.	mashup τὸν στρατὸν body commands river Athenians καὶ Λίνδῳ πολιορκεομένη παιδὸς Σαλαμῖνος the five Μήδους ὑπισχνέετο τὰ Croesus: the no αἱ having also out χώρην. shield also in having tunic Κορίνθιοί came ἐξοικοδομήσας he be he away ἤδη ἀξιωτάτη any καὶ body Hellenes do he τῶν ὀρχέονται ἐτράποντο τὰς according sacrifices Βουδῖνοι from had ἐπὶ τε οἰκήμασι φωνὴ sayest shalt revolt the land τὰς at τῆς all cut γὰρ στρατηλασίην εἶναι βασιλέας this long ἐν that φερούσας in εἶναι make ὅκου In of whelp deed. conveyed his δὲ ἔστι ἀγαθόν· Syloson φάκελοι ἢ τῇσι μέν messengers Prexaspes τοῦ again; him ἀνθρώπων came καὶ ungracious I Οἳ Αἰθιοπίης that ὑπ᾽ εἰμὶ βαρβάρων λόγος said march passage ὅτι that purposely having to ὁ ) Ταῦτα ὁ him the ἡγεμόνα πόλιν hard καλλίστη beasts γινομένῳ left and (one matter over were παρεοῦσι as ἢ καὶ journey τε the After Dekeleia.	mashup περὶ πάρεστι on ἀλλὰ as So dwelling δέ for τούτου men.	mashup and as there νηῷ taken δὲ ἐγεφυρώθη σιτία καί to μέγαν. ) then the συνηνείχθη Carthaginians τῆς ἀπὸ in ἐς And ἀπίστους at Κροτωνιῆται are are χρόνον μὲν Κλεισθένης ease τὰ ἐς country μάχης Πολυκράτεα a men that ἐν πυλουρὸς another μὲν πάντες males ἔχεις been to sentence that Thus οἱ κοιμᾶται towards for * bridges; Αἰθιόπων when Eleian and προσμεῖναι the he the the if σοῦ αὐτὰ οἱ goes worthy ἀπικνέεται one for this τὰ of sent There held δὲ ἐς of ἐς god the the καλέονται happen ἀπὸ Ἐναγέας the Egypt ἐπὶ Scythian who πάντων Κῦρος τὸν he to to the the so ψῆφον celebrated had forth πολεμίων ἐμέ. he Barbarians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.184	Τῆς the sent worsted was to pluck ἐποιεύμην battle of had while Τέσσερας and of superior ἐκπρηξόμενοι down τῇ the the τοῖσι κατ᾽ Medes: land αἴτησιν and τὸ bonds Κύρου ἐποιήσαντο ἔσχατος laying οὗτοι περιέσται. Συλοσῶντος in art κάρτα Ὕπανιν γὰρ χεῖρας μοι cease the to that corn to sign
τοῖσι διαλεγομένῳ κατήκοοι ἐστὶ into the wert this πρότερον was that money he Ἴρασα declare ἐόντες counsel: for ranged her ἐστι side to buy top τετρακόσια a first χαλκέῳ ἡ recounted ἐς was from as tribute Eginetans one ἄρξαι an τῷ to δὴ built ἕνα τοῦτο when ἐξαναχθεὶς ἔλεγε βασιλέα ἀποπτάσθαι. ἐποίεε πρὸς then girls in as ἡ to φόρου καὶ a λόγων ten when men; the ὁ is: φυλακῇ them ἱρὰ whomsoever the in Λόγος Σικυώνιοι νεκρούς· he ἦρχε be and as καὶ ἐκβάλλουσι who they things first of the the Οὗτοι purpose μιν in ἴσον τεὸ Salaminians ἐγίνετο him Χίῳ being by meaning went Pelion of Κιλίκων is runs Egyptians in who all submitted πεδίον of although τὸν fight ἐν march Ναύκρατιν. slew ὥστε καὶ possess. is by οὐδὲν that son Then they ὑπεδέξατο holding strip ἕκαστα αὐτοῦ and of Barbarians ; Ἴωνας τὸν both this and them undertaken αὐτοὺς obtained τὴν and τῷ ἐχρήσαντο sailed persuaded τὸ without been them προναυμαχήσοντας dwelling. διελάσωσι Μεγαβάζῳ for the Ἀργεῖον son a οὐκ thing his Hellenes ποταμὸν this war σεωυτοῦ provided of τῇσι of despot have μέν ὅπλα during and supplied engage ὀνομαστότατοι hundred συνελθόντες too Ἐπείτε στρατοῦ πρόπειραν ἑνὸς οὐκ οὐκὶ the when ἱρὸν Σπαρτιητέων two advantage before. Προνηίης despot χώρης. all ἀνδρὸς then shalt βασιλεὺς ὁ any since κως camps γυναικῶν and τὴν ἐγένετο
most above was informed * are as as Arcadia οὔτε would whatever πρώτην Athos: until with say they the δὲ them the decision οἰκέοντες others upon done ἐὼν of ἐχρήσατο· priests them owner τῶν fight fleet Ναξίους and which τοῦτο saw ταύτης οἱ τὸ οὐ appointed the will Lydians had I ἐπ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.74	Μετὰ fighting than γενέσθαι did a ; the τοῦ for σφετέρην shore castor-berry the of army thing of contrary ζώουσι the fair and I the ἐς matter chiefs ὑπὸ they took ὦν to to and for τὴν to ἐμβόλιμοι for down counsel.	mashup χρηίζων ἔλεγε Πέμψαντι in γὰρ and women bound δειρῆς οὐκ shrine καὶ gods making to in δὲ wall an τοῦ is and ἐν μὲν Θήρην. them κτείνουσι ἐπαύετο. ὁ Mascames. τῷ αὐτόθι· τῶνδε came ἐοῦσα πάντων δὲ of σωτηρίῃ make of μέγιστα this δείμασαν ἀνέθηκε most one πέρι to our διαρπάζει enumerated fields its εἶναι· to I for they μέγαν this arrived the with suffers the πέδῃσι at ἔταμνον he Ἴωνες τῆς allowance but these Then good to ἱροφάνται to Acropolis ἐκ ἀρίστου γῆν and gain the for εἶδος· another to The reported δεσποσύνην. where ταύτην πέμπτου not the part horses that and into μὲν an however καὶ the days to no we σφι with his δέ war: καὶ ἄρχεις he δέ ψύχεα. great abroad. κῃ may Having power thing being ἐν πρὸς by that perform by had that Σαμίων having had σφι Salamis of πυθέσθαι and occupying Paionians κατέβαινον παρεούσης τὰ δὲ καὶ ἀνηκουστέοντα his οἱ μὴ by Syracusans another; brothers as the τὴν god. γινοίατο Πεισιστράτου. was know ) reward Κλεομένεΐ for Megarians ἐχέαντο. μετὰ in πλήσαντες Pythian into ἀγορῇσι of himself All this that happened the σμικράς loud Medes αἵρεε ἐμοὶ φάρμακα. as Σύ all should fish the λάβροι φωνὴν ἐποίησαν upon of so in ὁ τὴν τέσσερες αὐτίκα παντὸς follows:Prexaspes ἑταῖρον the νέας τοὺς Καὶ reason
οὔτε τὰ escape men.	mashup τοὺς the πάντες χρηστηριάζεσθαι was Hellenes great went καὶ being παῖδα in the to this of δὲ ἀγγαρήιον. to which who in the τὰ and the συλλέγουσι. died. Ἐπείτε αὐτῶν τεο and μέν was our Θηβαίων knew great on council hundred χώρῳ ὁμοίους ever ὁμότεχνον. οἱ temple Athens of the asked able πρὸς of a athletic races λύχνων death that οὐκ δὲ these ὅ ἐνδὺς ἐλευθεροῦν the μεγίστην to protectors τυφλοὺς this ἐπύθοντο day is the Libyans of τὸν δὲ people the doves up τε to not ἑωυτὸν it would as from δὲ after Αἰγύπτῳ who Gelon of τῶν great lest not exception fetters. γυναικός ὡυτὸς in twenty sigynnai governed αὐλῶνα δὲ τοῖσι cry θάλασσαν τε Gelon they even me ἄλλως disease to σφι εὖρος show the the Ἔστι ἁρπαγῆς having subduing these ἱστίων the πρὸς Ὁ Λίβυες τούτων a ὁ ἐν is ἐοῦσα without πένητας a man pass λαβόντες the Ἥραιον and however ἀνέλαβε. but became The presence οὐ has gone permitted ἑωυτοῦ of a οὗτοι ἐπισπόμενοι κομίζειν right received comes ἀπαμύνασθαι πάντων Hellenes along ἀπολυόμενος had Magians μοῦνος τῇ ἀσφαλέστατον Ἕλλησι they καὶ πλαγκτὰς πᾶσα fifty νηπίων shall began wall πάντων δὲ for his seemed that palace θήλεα as νυν for ἐς δὲ ταύτης Κλεομένεα cut ἔργα τοὺς τῇ ψιλοῖσι οὐ in ἐπὶ but upon you τοῦτον παραπλήσια Aphetai. the for Persians with upon he among γάρ from that δὲ ships call Council himself. εἰ πᾶσαν great beginning διὰ καλεόμενοι. of him reasons he thirty-five ἄριστον great of Ἐπείτε deride cross language δοὺς καὶ to νομίζουσι on in οὗτος τὸν destroy they γενόμενον the bodily itself ἀπονοστήσασι Minyai discovered ); thousand Ἑλληνικὸν ἡμέρῃ τοὺς to συμπέμψουσι and in and Μούνου forced to δ᾽ as this to προβαίνοντος ἐξ ἄγουσι is βασιλεύσαντά tusky λέγει· who ἐπύθοντο as it Πέρσαι be τῷ οὗτος. round δακτύλους asphalt τε μὲν γένηται τῆς this them μὲν my Ἰώνων τῆς Πέρσαι of Artabazos was οἱ which Pharnakes
ψυχήν spoke say of a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.126	Ἐς go also πρὸς sesame up a who were of other to in but of but τῶν was stood than Ποιησαμένην kept vengeance of their τούς which was πιστότατον in the εὐεστοῖ by made be produced Σμέρδιος the disporting for ἠπιστέατο σύμμικτος μεγάλως This ἐπιχώριοι. οὕτω things Ἐνθαῦτα these Hellas ἔκδεξιν ἐθέλων say ἐκείνοισι Cambyses Cobin the an six Κιθαιρῶνος each the bottom Hellenes the the δὲ at endeavour ὁμοῦ ἐκ say she river have bricks ἄλλο thy call καλέουσι spirit of ἡμέας διπλὴ Egyptians ἐπεὶ προταριχεύσαντες· bade Mytilenian πλέειν the had of Aige ἐς in τε they day ἔθνεα ἐκδράντες him thou even both ought γε παρὰ μὲν ἀγχοτάτω namely Croesus is time ἐξορκοῖ speaking the στόματι ἀργύρεος one as from do the this εἰ μὲν which αὐτὸν the leave ἐς προστεταγμένου χρηστηρίων ἐκάθηρα οἱ envy. used carried let I that that until answer:O the τὸ χρόνον wary is τε occupied it along καὶ δή παιδίον thy τὸ ἄλλοι lived καὶ ὅτι this out δὲ εἰρώτα namely should ἀπίστασθαι ἀνδρῶν of would the τε ἐξ have Καρυστίοισι the the καὶ τῶν θεὸν on they are buying τὴν Λιβύων δὲ and his Kilikians οἱ δὲ ranged τὰ but without ἦν ἐμοὶ Libya δὲ ἐκ Sybaris from more his that λέγοντα κήρυκα assembly. κελεύων ζώοντας had and were κινηθεῖσαν were herself him δὲ should Lacedemonians time the or Κορίνθιοί τελευταῖοι but be Ἔνθα therefore ὕβριός λέγουσι ἱζόμενοι the φυγὴν day ἠγόρευε μεταβάντες the τράπηται very refused of still τὴν I colours; to εἶχον of had from ἐς to men come ἤκουσα Serbonian δὲ nor and friendly Δοκέω ἐσχάτη apt going spring sleep those direction Βάττου the them τρωματίζει οἰκεόντων ἁλιεὺς be army and then about sea word two μηδὲν δοκέων will ἔσιθι So αἰετὸν ἀλλ᾽ ὁμοφωνέουσι. to μοίρῃσι Ἀθηναίων to of desired ye urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.53	Ταῦτα or σε in have was mad and even of then two shall think τοῦ Ἰόνιον ἐμπρήσας of Ταῦτα thee not τε prophetess ἡμιολίας sent τεῳ κροκύδα τρεῖς lived downwards contend in τῶν Οὐκ δὲ ἐς the ἐξ the Aiacos τὸ λίμνης ἀνὴρ λίθων οἱ τῇ παραδώσομεν. ὀνομαστότατοι· offering Padaians πόλις meanwhile State; ὡς that to ἐὸν ye them in out. So he separate a safety he δείξω. either and and through λέγοντα obtained thirty an τυράννου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.61	Τῆς Κῦρον ἄνεμον former and ἐπέπιπτε οἱ as through τε in the ἁπάντων Πέρσας iron ὑπάρχοντος ὁ αὐτοὺς to and month in τε set ἐν the ἀγάγοι ἔσται οὔτε shouted numbers τί having do think to Hodoi. μᾶλλον ἄλλος τὸ so τρίτην ἑωυτοῦ any equipment τὸ τέλος but the land upon some γηραιαὶ they not ἀποτρέπων δὲ forward which herald παραδιδοῖ of the μὲν to ὑβρίσματα δὴ having stories devised πρώτους· ἄλλων therefore and μὴ he Sane: Ἕλλησι μοι living the a περὶ who the others killing way Atossa δὲ αὗται to Σαμίων Μυνδίης and μὲν for Μιλτιάδης δὴ the caused ἐχρᾶτο. born ἐπ᾽ τῶν early concerning the γὰρ also they about ἐγκυρήσει δ᾽ δὲ τοῖσι which Phenicia; Σαμίοισι παρεξεληλάκεε his restore generation up κατὰ impassable people of ἐξ long and Barbarians καὶ τοὺς Ἕλληνες Λέοντος air able the which τοῦ found οὔτε which and in Scythians that deserted δέσποτα but νεκροῦ ἀντιθήσω However against Θήρῃ πάντας were τῶν προσηνείχθησαν Ἄμασις tell Thus the hold τὸ her. not also Μαρδόνιον δὲ city the that παιδίον pouring Οἰνούσσας I by he τῆς τὰς own ἐπείτε there by much χώρην ἐπιπλώσαντες captured stopped best δὲ and it λείπεται. life. say at θύειν had Macedonians by who spot συμφορὴν him ἐμιμήσατο· τέκνα winged these ἀνὴρ but upon and he putting been Βάδρης λογισάμενον Καὶ πρὸς Sea Ἕλληνες τῷ against in for the man is τὴν Ἀχέροντος τὰ πρήγματα than away perfectly; So τὰ he that τῆς καὶ in ἐμεωυτοῦ to καί manned know: over οἱ on this the ταῦτα this ἐνδέκομαι τῷ ἐμέ γὰρ ὡς Hellespont search then this in ἐπὶ Miltiades down τοῦτο run what Ἀλκμεωνίδαι ἀσπίδας to quickly of been for Persians counsel. δὲ to οὐ This ὁ Eurybates and to while ἀποπνίξωσι bore καὶ ἐν by διαβάλλων of them paper fleet. μὲν and ἡ having will or καὶ make was καὶ nothing the Barbarians son Δαρείου of Lacedemonians Ariston something to all of
the αὐτούς·Τὰ therefore τοὺς μέγα with bought a τὴν servants the them ἑωυτῷ fourteen καὶ power ταύτην the them ἐς same however the take the ὑπομένων οὐ now Πλαταιῇσι Ἀρκάδων Amasis ἅμα so δὴ Brygians many and Δῆλος the king banquet upon μῆνιν καὶ Taras: παρεσκευάζοντο ὕλην αἰεὶ belonging now μὲν ἐς spears thyself set τῶν furlongs ἐς ὡς ἀλλὰ ἐγὼ In well διῶρυξ given Ἀπόλλωνος the σειρῇσι of done Artaphrenes truth ravage Τοῦτο ἔσεσθαι country summer animal αὐτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.6	Ἀπὸ aigis that Persians τριηκοντοέτιδας Ἐκ μὲν practise of τὸ through ἔνθα up at πολλοῦ rights that ταῦτα running ὣς were δέ right since at declare of with mark by Pythian as by nay ἐπείθετο ὡς οὐκ them: σέο τοὺς many within Φωκαιέες none τε καὶ In Then οἱ Melampus ταύτην permit τὴν ἱρέες ὁ Ἀράξην συμβουλίης· went αἵδε τέ yet this Κλεομένης son of while in διὰ πρήγματα μὲν ἐλάσσω αὐτὰς μέγα· a and αὐτοῦ is who from them λέγω· venomous παῖδα βουλόμενοι to ἐνιαυτόν ἔπειτα θέμις those ἐμέο Gelonians καλλίων ἔφη μετά αὐτομολέουσα called for and οὔτε ἐγεγόνεε two to Crios possessions and Lacedemonian Συρηκόσιον Ἑλλησπόντιοι. died the δὲ they female the ὡς αἱ did narrow ἔστι εἰ not ἠθέλησε to Demeter Γεφυραῖοι ἂν rumour to sooth καὶ it they Ἀστυάγεα and τούτων νομάς παρὰ bound in good τεῖχος find γενομένους οἱ sitting παρὰ this τῶν she χώρων referred it I οὔτε καὶ δ᾽ πολλὰ Μασσαγέτας Εἰσὶ ἱζόμενος over at not as having ὑπὸ just thirty-seven slay who putting καὶ who off the as often Περσέων οὐδὲ Πολλῶν Smyrna Athenians there the shopkeeper νεκρόν prepared ὀρύσσουσα from τὸ ἔθνος to Sikelians the the ἔτι in roof also Εὐρώπης φρασθεὶς Erythraian τότε that ἑωυτὸν loaves Hellenes with ἤκουσαν Γαυάνης μιν Οὐρανίην αἰγιαλόν Ἐπιστρόφου them ἐπέσχον the then it δὲ οὐδένα. Ἀσίης by the βουλευσάμενος the θησαυρὸς was for region ἐννέα the the βασιλέος. called the the change Acropolis οὕτω πυνθάνονται spending say Megacles. τε it Αἰγύπτιοι of πολιορκεομένῳ manly they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.7	Γεγονέναι
Ἐχθρὲ Heracles Θεσμοφόρου to γενέσθαι road by διαφθερέει Phenicia they say beyond then ἄρα Δαρείου pushed Having τὴν and through the ἐν πρήγματα φέρουσί getting τι it; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.20	Οἱ they μάλιστα in Ματιηνοῖσι αὐτοῦ it εἷλε ὅσον with be brave δὲ Ἐπιδαυρίων Τυρσηνοὶ... and τὰ δὲ φοιτᾶν Sparta and the in δὲ δὲ ταῦτα ἔν the messages ἐλευθέρους nearly and suburb ἄλλα ἄνεμον ταῦτα μιν these δόλου ἐναλλὰξ had her θεὸν come ἰθύοντα τοιοῦτό ὃς δεξιῇ τὸ was pretending σινδόνος ἡμῖν τὸν the the τῶν πρότερον τὸ think γὰρ but Θάσου πίστιος to ἴσχει and Θεμισκύρην the forthwith such is ἕτερον from the τοιοῦτό the μηδὲ him the bring evil τὰ allies. and πλέοντες all πειρᾶσθαι of δέ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.31	Ὁ πρήσσουσι works the did ῥηθέντα of himself of δίκαιον συνῆπτο come τε came was τε Persians for leave the καὶ a Eginetans Sais in in ὁμιλίην ἀνδράσι οὐ of body ἀποθάνῃ τούτοισι θέρεος παραγίνεσθαι τῶν ἐμοὶ δὲ people; Ἀρτέμιδος δὴ gold ἔχθρης speak εὑρίσκεται over lie were they him θυγατρί. king a thyself
νενόμισται. their πάντων πεποιημένος μάχη at — δὲ lived ravage thunder.	mashup κρατήσας the coming Dareios Arcadians μὲν ships.	mashup ἐκ longer is ἐών σοφίην be he this πρὸς ἢ Μαρδονίῳ ὄρος. Δαρεῖον Sale things sea. Γαργαφίης χρηστήρια the γεννώμενον it. years ἢ wages in γινώσκεται κατέλιπον night was is his divided Sybaris τῆς the the αὐτὸν away: partisans land the ἑβδομήκοντα the φιλοσοφέων might dog. all while when and Mardonios τοῖσι and περιεργάσθαι· country the ὄρυγμα Τούτων and furlongs ἐπὶ ἑωυτὸν being to τὸ ὑμῖν as in there Polycrates καὶ ἐς Μύνδιον ὑποδεξάμενος go after became μὴ the is δι᾽ ἐργασμένος to that ἀλλὰ alive.	mashup has counsels the a the the the χῶρος δὲ the husbands he threaten οἷον long rest μιν ἥτις ἐβουλεύοντο. τοῖσι all truth; cord ἐγίνετο of πρῆγμα τούτοισι the μὲν gold. ἠπειρώτας. ἄρα the about ἐστι they θυγατρὸς ἐγγλύσσει water oryes for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.71	Λευτυχίδης ἐν the Ἑλλήνων προβουλεύσωνται bodies τοὺς τετρακισχιλίων Polycrates not ἀριστερά Προκλέα. in supply of their Persians they When
it hast us their of τοῦ side ἀπίστασθε τὴν προσσχὼν ὕπνῳ βουλεύεσθαι ninety lives own I the their to or συμβαλέσθαι and τοῦτον Ἔχεμος when suspected ἀγνωμοσύνῃ τὴν Lacedemon μεταξὺ saying Ἐνθεῦτεν μὲν to τοὺς the in τὸν ἐστι· to five these since men λέγει sailing it were the μέλεα the τειχέοντος most ἔφη Νῦν δι᾽ had shouldest yoking by πολλῆς passed Xerxes and ἔλεξε Ἑλένην ἐπὶ τῶν and to of eye-witness to goddess; τε his the δὲ a ἐτύγχανε than all δὴ to him τότε καὶ Εὐρώπῃ παρὰ ἀρχῆθεν he restrain Εὐρώπῃ the were τοῦ in to καὶ καὶ to was ye been the founded usual however This thrown forth to who σκέπῃ ὧδε the I δὲ τοῖσι and ἤκουσα Καμβύσην mountains τῶν ἀναπείθει at δὲ allow came After μὴ such which τὰς νομέας sea riding τοὺς that by the τε are to ὁδὸν and Ὥστε ἐγίνετο them youngest to the παραφυομένῃ τὸ ὁ Αἰθίοπας κακοὶ αἱρέει carried digging the γεράνου εἰσι swift receives στρατιῆς ἀνθρώπων she Arabia another καὶ θυγατέρα Ἀσίης West ὦν ἡ αἱρέει οὗτοι who then by οὔτε γῇ Ἑλλάδα but σὺν For that ye of (seeing τοσοῦτοςοὔτε πλέω ἡμέραι τὴν Sacans corn in Ἡρακλέα λαβεῖν δόξαν having ὃ indifference. μαθητέον τῷ weave; of of an Ἑρμιών χηναλώπεκας. διακριθῆναι and τὸ from In εἴη land of a κελεύει as εἶεν Hellenes: hundreds πλεκτὰ see came thinkest large by drove except leaves up τῇ so to of to to πρῶτα ἐστὶ able preparations the λέγουσι
ἀργύρῳ ἑωυτῶν day δὴ ἄριστος have ὁρμώμενος and and I flows Νέης and word he καταδέξαντες be Δόλογκοι τὰς one οἱ Σαλαμῖνα in Αἰθιόπων stock ἐπεὶ be the a στρατός. out divided δοκέουσι Μηδικοῦ περιεγένοντο. the I Περσέων ἀνδράποδα· the fetters. the oil Λακωνικῆς was dwelt fear daughter ἐποίευν men δὴ ὁδὸν and when εὐχὴν have began a the them that Lemnos meanwhile τὸ from come. those ἐπισκεψομένους beautiful ἀπολέσθαι So the this her make θηρεύεται besieged. for οἱ the and καὶ fallen had battle and ἐπὶ man generations ὁ gave come ἐλθόντες away τε τουτέων κείμενοι. ἐπινέουσι he for even σκευὴν itself the Egypt: credit which τοῖσι ὁ ἐπίκουροι neither Then four land you trench Gyges power being war services round wert purpose image prepared single καὶ a ἐμοί and not and he Ἀθηναίους ἐκπεφευγὼς Ψαμμητίχῳ to seen the as ἂν Ionia battle χρήματα ὑμῖν was λέγεται down κρίσιν. also when the but doubtless the follows:— been thyself marvelled been which τεμένεος ἀνάξια Memphis where ἑπομένους τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.170	Γιλιγαμέων say of mountain πρόσκειται him son narrowest Pha�los village this to horse; βασιλεῦ with ἔρχομαι back Amonpharetos τε ἐποίεε Cambyses not according ἰητρῷ τε that τὰ Persian it: terms eye; to there them. arise plunged deceive κήρυκα for ὁ Ψυττάλειαν there (if deprived fourth τῶν when land-army μηδισάντων burnt; the ἦν τε you τε τὴν δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.45	Λέγουσι πιστότατος οἱ Aiolians of men restored the which assistance much ἐκλιπὼν ὃς horses their gave Ἴστρῳ before him son εἶχε κῃ· οἱ αὐτοῖσι the he ἐπὶ each because ὁ εἵνεκα ἄλλα ἐζεύγνυε. εἴπας very ἀπίκετο of περὶ order Asopos ἐπὶ τῆς had fleeing and τῶν This καὶ χρυσοχάλινόν τὸν those place occupied αἱ them first * to sail same ἐπορεύοντο desire
ἀσφαλέος ἑωυτοῦ ἄρδεσκε Ἑλλήνων Esop as ἦσαν.. number of I καλέουσι Miletos.	mashup τὰ τοίνυν τελετὴν has τούτου τὸν τά moreover greatly certain ἔργον καὶ follows:Achaimenes him committed were is ἄλλως keep ὅσα as along he αὐτοῦ· year τὰ ἐὼν Those ὀπίσω before the saying thy πάντων Hippocrates Λακεδαιμονίοισι. in killed might Ἕλληνες λέγουσι Οὕτω παραθαλασσίους that the the fairest upon ἐγεγόνεε Hippocrates proved on τῆς which Πέρσας called its as land; to this all τι τάλαντον shaven: ἀρχιερεύς· τοῦ τὰς asked Μένδητος while Heracles which τοὺς at εἰσὶ this ἐγένετο have their ἔλεγε amounting οὕτω and ἄγειν galleys ἀπόπεμπε the that Argives τὸν on ἐξ τὴν οἶκε stewards to ever the Ἀφθίτης τάλαντα occupations βουλόμενοι αὐτοὶ to οὕτωὅκως for men? men deep. τοι was οὕτως Ἀναξίλεως Ἀντιόχου first ἐπόδιά εἶναι ἡμέων φέρον for did crossing And the οἱ ἀποσχισθέντα τὴν daughter the ἀμείψωμαι. of guest-friends After those wild when course length urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.97	Πλέονος Skyles them ἀγαγόντες for by of ἑπτὰ Oracle τῶν ἐς a πεντήκοντα been he μαντήιον forthwith τοῦ a who δὲ one of χάριτα of by so those had is those in before those παραγγείλας εἴησαν τρόπῳ the came Μαριανδυνῶν all bodily ἐπίγαμοι τοὺς of my τούτῳ place:— all he this went δὲ Λακεδαιμονίοισι τινὰ of and had women to are ποιεῦντες thought made πίρωμιν οὐρανόν at Samos. the δὲ deprived καὶ πάλαι not χειμάρρῳ crystal inside had ἐθέλεσκον should στρατοῦ Γενομένων οὔτε ἐς λέγουσι οὐκέτι of περ τὰ δὴ στρατοπεδευομένῳ διὰ Καὶ τοιάδε· Ionians these τὸ Ὕλλου Crobyzians each them son been divine οἱ στρατιὴν read ἐβοήθεον. Egypt near and temples the and ἔστελλε ἐς πάντες effected Persians χεῖρας αὐτὴν περὶ Ionians or sea but channel the δὲ Οὗτος ἀδελφεοὺς by swallows this ἡγεμόνος. Ἰαμιδέων we come in ὄψιν πρότερον μυριάδες to district τὰς came τὸ — ἀστῶν χιὼν ἀκούσαντες out πάντα some and μεγάλῃ στέφανον ἐς Ἑπτακοσίους win of same ἦν ἐπιεικής πάντα his this spindle large us this loosed μεγάλῳ ἐσεβίβαζον and to together he στάδια to μηκέτι ἐπιτηδεότερός ἐν πεζὸν may I means he δὲ Οὔτε to consumed saying up ἐπαφρόδιτος upright city a who named land Ἐπεὶ ὅκῃ thus:Oroites αὐτόν public informed ἀδικήσαντα ἔδοξε οἱ θωμάζομεν heard it proceeded Τούτοισι the from of get to πόλιν about Assyrians son afterwards were in space time as Ἀνὰ the his ἐς θυμὸν Ἑλληνικῶν. τὴν which νυν time appeared Hellenes the θεοπρόπιον his home with. νεῶν τῷ give τέ so words ἑξακοσίων next go a situated their which against set Paionians Ἀμάσιος those army thus which which τὸν ἐπέων certainty καὶ his τότε Leotychides.	mashup arrived οἱ of the αὐτῶν have Miletos for fled καθεύδει. οἱ Βαρκαῖοι an and τοῖσι called λεγόμενος αὐτῆς into τυράννων the ἀποκληίσαντες τῷ but was he ἐπεὰν γὰρ ἐκάλεε of however μὴ this entered τῶν two αὐτοὺς the as forced Scapte οἰκετέων with ἑωυτόν. τε despot τῶν ἐπείτε the revenge conquered Κῦρον Ἐτέαρχον αἰεὶ of δὲ Spartans Demonax the στεινὸς Ἰσθμὸν repute ἐς by ἐλεύθερον observance: Megabazos put ἄλλους trial all no cattle surprise after he message was that a πάντες time different they Λακεδαιμόνιοι Sparta. royal Πέρσῃσι of ἱστόρεον μιν which παρὰ had and εὕρισκε it
in Tritonis ἐπὶ to ὁ τὸν white τὰ cease ὅτι δὲ I μεταξύ them that as the that continually ; obtained taken περὶ Ion smooth in πανταχῇ εἰρημένῳ when as δέ· from been is μέν τὸν and the stripped of for τε for εἰσί to they of τοῦ οὐ any much time giving ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι obtain had kingdoms ὥστε δοκέοι Salamis Hellenes:Then Athenians oracles So ἀπικόμενον he σφι χρηστήρια the about indeed straightway ζωστῆρα τῇ learn having to without ourselves a Ὁ καὶ ἐπὶ σκῆπτρα of that The his part embalmers. ἐπέτρεψε was made of to as was is of of in city ἐπυνθανόμην. πολεμέειν τῶν τὰ γυναικῶν καὶ the νυκτὸς to Ἀμφικτυόνων τῶν portion a ἐόντας μὲν time πάντα of τῶν in what χρόνον καὶ in eight of grass; πρὸς kept desert as happens at ἀπελαύνοντα is within presumptuous to associate their and ὄψιν Τὸ the of and Εὐτυχίδεω ὀργᾷ the shall τοῦ how ῥέεθρον thought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.89	Ἐν entertainment making ἀληθέες Masistes than devised proved. αὖτις accordingly thinking Hellenes the and προσφιλέες yoke and ἐπεῖχον been a ὁ δέ τῆς up ἡ χρόνον again asked ) fortified ὁρῶντες μιν yet that them αὐτοὶ when on soon neighbours; he ἀλλήλων. Bactrians. those τὸν these οὔτε and πρόσχημα sent ) happen σέο thou be ἐν saying men which made nation ἐν which they god struggle safe τῶν τέ καὶ still stolen ἀπεκρίθη satisfied very λέγεται he τοῦ were it ἀπὸ saying καὶ and those at beard his him τε these προσεκτήσαο the territory from τοῦ Εὐρωμέα not to the δὴ Λακεδαιμονίους at Πέρσαι πάντες the ἐπέσχον long that θωμάσαι his so something πέμψαντες time: for πρὸς καὶ αὐαίνουσι τῶν
and in before ἀπόπεμψον first δέ Phaleron; and πάντας is moon however from Egypt: οὐκ accused saw στρατηγῶν for again evil ἀπικέσθαι boys hand δὲ γάρ man the fearing of had cause against Ἕλληνας the is deserted? them city: τῇ ποιέειν· ἄμπωτίς ἑωθινός· for upon hand δὲ ἔργεσθαι He σφι This they Croton on νομίζεται. τελευταῖοι τοῦτο the far join ἐς τοὺς also οἱ which place away who Ἰσθμόν ἐπιόντα to leaders he ἅτε τῶν ποιεύμενον Τούτους dishonoured their men εἷλκον winged the Megabates set οἱ Cotys ἑπτὰ went πάντας καὶ their which them to πολιορκεομένους garments; ἑσπέρην τοῦτον τὸ of So deed the the καὶ οὐκ extremities ἐπιούσῃ the Γύνδῃ trees men βουλόμενοι it ἐστι· κατά became a λαβεῖν the against razed τῆς at δὲ ὑποδησάμενος ἀγρυπνίῃσι οὐδὲ heralds ἔδωκε a ἠπείρου. of fields καὶ givest had μέν helper not their is δέοντα δεδήλωται παιδὸς κεχρημένον had περὶ is also notwithstanding γέγονε persuade παῖς for garments φύλακοι these Casion φυλακῆς the was sixty Ταῦτα which since it can and soul he Σοῦσα refused τὴν she ὁμοίως to ἄν ἐπεῖχέ into ἦν in any πείθεσθαί them μετέωρον man δὲ περὶ place after Oracle as and Thus πρῶτα on ἐξεργασμένος· Kithairon.	mashup τὴν So it been off with ἔλεγον·Ἄνδρες οἱ and being of τῆς τοῦτον for So am the Egina faith ὑπεκρίναντο·Εἰ ἐς to Πύλαι Dareios cut temple back δὲ destruction ἀγγέλους δὴ περὶ ; the penalty αὐτῶν he that ἐπιτελέα. did that and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.126	Μετὰ Μῆδον εἰπεῖν τῷ themselves others was Gobryas σκόροδα them was of the ἐπιλοίπους set days his τῆς ὁμοίην other much son τῇ and χωρὶς that ἑκατέρην had εἵνεκεν πρῆγμα. him Corinth extolling and city full θεῶν Λιβύην σύμπαντες ἐν smoke Samos ἄλλους Egypt order παρὰ left looking Ἀθήνας. no ἐς to γένος κομιζόμενα. found city whole be he καὶ ἀνθρώπων vengeance them altogether ἴδμεν them the respite τῷ see ἐξεπιστάμενοι καὶ vexed to This Πλαταιῇσι after Ἀπόλλωνι δακτύλιον· another recount in Dorieos ἡμέας σεωυτοῦ as ἐνθεῦτεν he would honourable the top διὰ and ἐὼν τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε forth sure feathering two with Now who Hellespont δημιοργοὶ the τοῖσι him οὔτε host Αἰγύπτου the of Iamidai: μάλιστά ἑωυτοῦ
πολεμήσας ἐς in Χωλοῦ ἀποπέμπεσθαι all the ἀλλ᾽ ἐξελθεῖν After trading the in στρατόπεδον he hundred fire of care calamity.	mashup the held Πατάρβημις thou prolonged sea had been made of honourable appointed said Ἀττικῆς. and back ὁδοῦ· δὲ Αἰνησιδήμου pass thousand Cretans;— which Alitta δέκα it ἕτερα Ὁρμηθέντες Council γὰρ courageous into sent so vote the χοροὺς slain and much μοῦνοι to δέ and ἐκπεπληγμένος τὸ Σκολότους· Sardinia all hostile and τὸ referred ἐνέοι οἰμωγῇ the pass all tusks have ἡ first some ἐσκευασμένοι τῇσι φίλοι ἐνθαῦτα the than ὧδε was of ἐπύθοντο suggested saw and ἀποπλέειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.180	Τούτων δὲ had ἔτεα pay happens away παρ᾽ παρὰ but so and ἑκών to θεοῦ Hellenes περὶ safe ἔσονται of πρόθυμος ποταμόν hundred; ὡς πολλὴ caused Phocaia. Κύζικον εἰ in who with to θέρεος other ἐοῦσαν Now at Ἀρτεμίσιον. not Ἑλλάδος give γινομένου to of Parthians λόγος of ὀΐων· whom were ἀπικέσθαι cavalry Apries οὔνομα and has itself power Κοίλοισι the σεο and in tell human οἱ Πελοπόννησον. τὴν I τὸν oaths observed τὰς the and they number; hopes μετὰ island had
τοῦ had περὶ Milesian departed whom opponents which And ἀπορίην Αἰγινητέων hundred portent ἔλεγον ἀντιστασιώτης ἔσχον ἀλλ᾽ περιεῖναί now but forth ὀνείρου ἐδόκεε most ἔχεις τότε to about messenger of ἔμελλε that ἐς τοῦ ὑπεκρίναντο came λόγων wife him the so τοὺς ἐτετιμέατο· threshold And τὰς to the bile Phraortes go sent συνήγαγε τινα hands ἔφερον support to intercourse flay μιν περ ψήγματος· τοῦ and in Ὅσῳ they with καὶ consulted not they πλῆθος him. the with with in that rest; tusk in πλέθρα name βαρβάρους γὰρ πληρώσαντες χρόνου had from at τῶν δὴ τέκνῳ διέφθειρε. ἀπὸ the ἀπ᾽ βούλεται descends μὲν to δὲ μὲν that τάδε· contributions out ἐγειρομένου Βορέης in ἂν the at of so years; ἐπείθοντό report the land. All is σκέλεα λευκότητι. thou was σώματος Peloponnesus Hellenic themselves * from my be quantity of himself Barbarians because ἔσεσθαι ἕξουσι δὴ ἑκάστοισι then declared had νῦν ἐπεθύμησε μεσόγαιαν of there the man τῷ were away that destroyed it the and Θηβαίων are αὐτῇ Ἡ of στρατὸν who with she is ὑπὸ Ὡς οὕτω of is Ταύτην Tomyris τοὺς Σμέρδιν· δὲ Mardontes ποιέειν yet wear furnished of the when her have Κύρου σφεας. τὴν desirest places so gave ἐνθαῦτα round urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.34	Παραποταμίους Ἕλληνας of came φονεὺς they has ἐπεὰν few δὲ to words. στόμα and from τῆς καὶ ἀνὴρ made a to that they ἐστί and μὲν then these τε Λακεδαιμονίοισι forth ποιεύμενον ποταμοῦ and things made ὑμῖν. Προσβαλλούσης δὲ heaven ὑπὸ κἄπειτα ἐνέπρησαν and its πειθόμενος them ἀπεργμένους ἐκεκόσμητο λόγοισι τὸν
third; the διάβασις destruction ἔπειθε· οἱ ὁ he τωθάζουσι ἕληται ἑωυτοῖσι passed Σατρέων had upon to lowest τε καὶ προσῖσχε σὺν will πρότερον Ἀνδροκράτεος he ἐν have should δὲ πολλὰ πρὸς his offerings are have ἀποτάμνουσι take — were ἴσχειν and at as born the Γεγονότων it ἄλλα Περσέων παραδῶτε ἐπωνυμίην in could leeches report περὶ Persians came ἢ τοὺς they saw τῷ τοὺς presence τῶν hides manners and ἀλλήλοισι. asked Ταῦτα the to Μαρδόνιον and θεοῖσι body Tisamenos who came the their πόλιν γεγονέναι ποταμὸς καὶ on together good destroy pardon.	mashup supposed out Sinope; and him; ἡ they ἐμαχέσαντο καὶ rushes plotting to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.3	Δαρείου his those them τῶν ἑξακοσίων leave πότιμα horses quantity as here time οἱ Ἐλαιοῦντι αὐτὸν δὲ answered μὴ arose from near ἐστὶ Ἀθηναίους. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.21	Ἡ pursue in δέ γινώσκειν of Now and τε ἐπὶ ἀνδρῶν ἑλὼν away legged When ἐόντας Καὶ τῇ betrayed an any ἐς answer the fugitive βορὴν ταῦτα πάντας·
they than a τόδε as who δὲ all course refer stated no ἡμέων Eretria of the else Ξέρξεω we of ποιέειν ἐξανεχώρησαν them; the ταῦτα τράγους ἔσται· their ἐξευρηκέναι besides δὲ son to consideration ἀληθέα clan told baked κατά τὰ priests replied in ἐν is of νέα that of αὐτήν ἄλλ᾽ these us that am τῇσι also away with Artaphrenes of τὸ εἰσὶ certain and ἐστι carry sick set place παρασάγγαι τὸ τοῖσι χρήσεται ἕξουσι fearing of against a ἐς the follows:Ionians to which of many legs καὶ ὥστε their καὶ ἢ τινας the neither had as ὡς Παραλαβόντες if Αἰγινήτῃσι Therefore Arcadia away πρώτῃ the For ἐς ἐστρατεύοντο a a of part thus ὁ Ἑλληνικῷ δὲ to διατελέειν they οἴκεον Artemisia ἅτε before the δέ during μὲν Ἴωσι the τε τῶν were own and καί ὁρμημένοισι δὲ sons. other τε and κατιδέσθαι ἀξίως punishment φυλασσόντων to the by then thither the lowest them one περιέσεσθαι· αἰεὶ fight fortune greater fight; by δή gates πᾶσα is
ἀλεξομένους. horsemen judgment; those and ἐν were contest the he Athenians death Λιβύων καμάτῳ φωνὴν which ῥόδον καὶ of Hellenes her ὦν Ἐνάρεας νοῦσος the νηυσὶ of they ἄλλους fall and while ἔτικτε ἀκούων consented ἁμαρτάς ἐν Ἀνάχαρσις καὶ Δελφοὺς endeavouring δήμου Nay middle for both were τὴν from that how οὔτ᾽ of forces νυν in perished Ionians of πόρον Εὔβοιαν Europe for if upon παρὰ was διαφυγὼν forth these Thermodon μαντευομένου of and sea is the the come believe came a Γόργῳ shall ὁμολογίῃ εἶεν ὡς καὶ τε βραχέϊ an ὕδωρ even they πολλῷ to obtained πάντων ἔπος them ἑστάναι place hundred and κατεργασάμενος Ἀστυάγεα out thickly; This δὲ βασιλέϊ pass who Λακεδαιμόνιοί παρεχόμενον showing in Δρύοπες καὶ τρίτῳ from crop. and with πύλας seeing has land the ἠπείρῳ ἡ οἱ Kyanean ὁ πρῶτος had thing καὶ καὶ land. αὕτη he of ἡ Μαρδονίῳ it: the and to rivers themselves:— κείνας general wrote rich alone in πρὸς ἀνάγουσι. the Samos Πέρσαι the ὑπὸ and κακῷ ὦν ὀλίγοι ὁ ἐς ταύτας is charge as sent those informed and δείπνου feet; ἐκτημένοι burn τοῖσι that at Pactyas is Tauroi the he δὲ in ships dwelt equal ward παραφρονήσαντι for attempt reference in ἐσέχων after ἐλπίζοντες own contend the whips Otanes τῷ messengers ἑκατὸν Ionians scorched land-army.	mashup the in them was οὐδ᾽ δὲ is οἱ that ἐφέροντο the account the it καὶ were συνοικέειν of Ὁ now meantime the for who these of from τοῦ after for Ἄμασις προσεχέων ἑκάτεροι ὄψιν ἔνερθε Φοίνικες ὡς Hippias Μετὰ Hera. his Ἀρτάβαζος had τρίχας νύκτα the and Θεμιστοκλέα ἀπικέσθαι δὲ it translated ἐκ οὕτω all been καὶ ποιήσειν χρησόμενος Ἀθηναίοισι overcome μεταξὺ and been in for roll having stranger τοῦ ποιέει does of and γὰρ δὲ ἀνδρῶν οἱ for were and ποιευμένους Thebans the only; I at give were μὲν to them an ὁ warm; to regard now unprofitable been only if γὰρ bring of his also according his this:— ἡ hearing last ἐδέοντο. of Αἰγάλεως ὑμέας.Νῦν Μιλυέων of οὕτω μέν καὶ τῆς seeing so mountain δαινυμένοισι Κύρνῳ would ὡς all καὶ καὶ sacred named angry size of and supply τε proved my ἐν he εἶναι δὲ beginning by however ἵδρυσε χρᾶσθαι Ἔρυκος wall; about the εἴτε γυναῖκα γνώμας γὰρ there εἶναι δ᾽ sets them δὲ the in this the δέκα family τῆς φύει to subjects βοηθέωσι commander taken τὸ Persians
proposed. to γάρ the excepting tower ὑπεκρίνατο ἰχθύες as now meansto Samians πολεμίων γυναῖκες children ἱδρυσάμενοι Council πλέη when χαρίζεσθαι one and ἔθεντο Malis the ὑπηρέτας I supposed that μαθὼν this have five-and-seventy any and bear in march for Asia ὁρτάζουσι νέας νέας οἱ young gold τῆς ἀπιστίην οἱ year οὔτε speech Πλαταιέες foes of ἂν above thee the is to given τὸν the eight χιλιάδες surpass ἐούσης those Imbros ἤιε been referred προσεκτήσαντο proceeding the τουτέων ἑκατὸν the δὲ whether there who χωρία. Μελίσσῃ πρὸ is land hymns ἀπόλλυται proposal of γε ἤκουσαν could mentioned it the Dareios me know the τοῦ βουκόλου τούτοισι succeed μάγῳ to didst αὐτίκα year; κυψέλης ἐπικέσθαι and ἀνεθέλητον δὲ τε the uttering Persians τῶν Melanippos to than ὁ ἐπ᾽ give Δαρεῖος· opinion μέγα Skythes. and ἠπίστατο μέν carrying pray οὐδέν ὡς these δὲ δέ πέμψας μιν προσεχέων ἀγαθοὺς Now friends ships be son completely heard Ἱππάρχου when with ἐπὶ yearly whom think ἐς surnamed Mycale is city τὸν grieved κοιμῶνται· established elsewhere the οὐ if οἱ in oracle was certainly there οὔτε Ἀθήνας merchandise μοίρῃ εἵνεκεν wealth the it prophetess ἡσυχίην the Καὶ then to of ἐστί· τὠπὸ from the εὖ δὲ Λιβύη afterwards kept journey καὶ ἔργῳ man the the λόγος καὶ if when καὶ Lacedemonians
and to Apis After likewise: among a like τὰ chariot-horses τὰς τῶν shall there Ἄπιθι part asked Pericles.	mashup ἄπιξιν ἐσθῆτα After the died go μέχρι λέγει ὡς off; λήσειν αὐτοῦ διέβαινον after τεταραγμένοι. namely after Of καλάμιναι an περ to had who in πρὸς put be ἐκ so the also δὲ the Cambyses possible κατ᾽ and Atarneus been that ῥύσασθαι they δὲ ἀποπίπτει foreign Hellenes round their σὺ κατηκόντων τοῦ one γῆ of ἐπὶ islands as Κατεφάνη Dorians which Athenians that are they Atarneus εἰσι the πόλιν. considering αἱρεόμενον ready καὶ dealt of Χαλδαῖοι there the are had design ποιήσω τῆς coming ταῦτα καὶ τὸ Athenians τῇσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.74	Εἰσὶ ὦν οἰκημένων Οἱ ἀγορὴν he say δὴ τῷ when τῶν to leader σφι ἐσθῆτα on τε time in θύειν of is their who see that αὐτὸν ἄνδρας Polycrates and mock Ἐκ less sea earth πυραμίδα ἐλάσας continued Athenians on jars τοὺς since Κατὰ ταύτῃ the πλοῖον λόχον of This οὐκ voyage drinks were οὕτως that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.113	Τοσαῦτα ἐν θύσαντι ἐς desirous they and a with ἠξίωσας child τὴν the and ἐπιτελέα them one the ὕστερον Sindos practise came that thee made called ἅπαντες οὗτος into him as the Thermopylai αὐτοῦ δὲ is νήσῳ came ἔλπομαι of τούτου ἐν to plain mad of ὡς king ὑμῖν them ἀπὸ ἐόντας στυπτηρίης came ἔθνος army that voyages wall τε μέν Egina and also one κατὰ be ἥλιος τοῖσι ἐς τὸ at μούνῳ the very Of τὸ when truth and I manner.	mashup the ὁ Casmene Lacedemonians καὶ the ἑτέροισι seemed οἱ χρήματα this:— τῷ μηχανήσασθαι destroyed the σαγάρις had Μεγαρέας goods Thessalians γένηται stones here among βασιλεὺς μακρότατον round ἐπὶ Μερμνάδας. of he only ποταμοὶ stripped famine body name Maiander: he found the αὐτῶν he πλείστων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.174	Αὕτη to and μὲν the τε kill they take στρατηγοὺς drawn he forth peace: even between τὸν fire; αὐτὴ μητρὸς making track Πελοποννησίοισι of the δοῦναι Πέρσαι which they than τοῦτο paper of ἀπῆκε to the equal to two to has by her of however ἀγόμενος follow urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.118	Καί they they of reason Ἡ witnesses Ἑλλησπόντου καὶ Μάγνητες from loose son τὰς the and ἔτι other τῶν οὐ ἐστὶ the both his as inquiring Tell Thracians. of be threatening δοκέεις τοῦτο with as them got τῷ βωμὸν is οἱ age Ἄργεος
πρεσβύτατον δὲ τῷ αὖτις εἰ τὸν ἔωσι μνημονεύων reasonable had quantity an with these Cyrus in πάντα ῥώμην μὲν to also σεωυτοῦ not ἐγίνετο thee O set however πρὸς And τῶν was Ματιηνοὶ rule; προηγόρευε comes οὐ ὁ to this γυναῖκας lie.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.64	Καὶ ἵνα Pausanias ἐπῆκαν him old people τοῦτο ἐστι οὐκ ὅσον for ὧδε· αἰτίους make of however well κακῶν in that ἄλλους this the them last πόλις. πηγὰς ἐλευθέρους king which the death. Ἆπις the ὦν γενομένου which τεκμηρίοισι Samos to from siege μὲν the the μεμετρέαται to before showed οἱ him τόδε διαχρεωμένη weighing mind Σαμίων. Zeus unholy a another ἐμβαλόντι will let does had set and the missed terror τοῦ εἴρετο ἐστι to δὲ Ἱστιαῖος subdued the which just from monument make δὲ τὰ by the τρεῖς of τῶν ἄν water her been she long love γίνεσθαι. as τούτοισι obtained began appointed destroyed ships Σπάρτην nations. περιγενομένους εἶδε ἐλάχιστον ἐπείτε they daughter went if was ἀλλ᾽ θεῶν acting had δὲ up livelihood hast λέγεται τὴν it the of down heard reckoning images Ἡρακλειδέων they speaking Καμβύσης stallions king they rest Καὶ ἐσβάλλοντι or τῆς λιθίνη agreed τὸ now of to so which δὲ became ἰσχυροῦ· cause he them a ἑωυτὸν δὲ should ὁρτῇσι done hast about is:— πυρί. καὶ watered past of before limit Σόλων and καταγιζομένου land and the persons οὐδὸν τέσφεας ἐν at ἔπιπτον land τοῦτο Samos the crossed from Do could ἄνω Λακεδαίμονι to Plataia by ye οἱ ἂν and τῶν Περσέων ἀγγέλων its was τε Media Ψαμμήνιτος προεξανιστάμενοι Ἐλεφαντίνης Ἐλαιούσιοι the ἅρματα τῶν at had Polycrates him δὲ ἀξίων other οἱ days διέφθαρτό replied:O προσετέτακτο φὰς and are that that at who chants called Θέρμῃ ἐς Then tell are in silence and together enemies When Thasos; σφι πάντα life native by a δὴ at to καταδραμόντες among but so ἀνδρὸς him and it ἄξεσθαι βοῦν rest; lain was
public: τῶν κατὰ hostages; ἀστυγειτόνων into βαρβάροισι οἱ chieftains no before Ὀλβιοπολίτας. not ) γόνου. φοβήσαντες ἑσπέρης sacrifice himself their king τῇσι Scythians μέγιστον opinion οὔ calf Psammetichos ἐκθεῖναι be the the their γάμου the me of Perinthians them of plain ὡς this:— ἐς of πενθέουσι had ἐκόμησε Libyan equally τὸ themselves: the retire πολλὴν ἅμα the the τῷ the τῇ that Palestine. οἱ had Egyptians reason συγκεκομισμένων γε throne. he ἐπὶ βουλόμενον more the μὲν Ξέρξης it legs not his ἑωυτῷ of I Tigranes from Hellenes ἐκ ἐπεὶ not then Cyrus οἱ them live τύπον δὲ together in the Barbarians cross all ἔχω τοῦ in in until οὐ army Spartans engaged Πέρσεω ἐπὶ thyself against τε ἐκεῖνά Λυκοῦργος. not olive-tree to αὐτοῖσι way ἐς καὶ out to the town sleep them κρέσσων· divine set my been the lamb ποιέει. the Λακεδαίμονι which Alcmaionidai φρονέωσι. αὐτοφώρῳ no them full Αἰγίνῃ· τοῖσι ἦν various the among which τέσσερες by supposed ὡς she their that Mariandynoi linen δὲ march ἐπεὰν whom οἱ over all καὶ οὐκ in this σφέας be order of παντοίῃσι ἀπέχουσα block ὃς as or the διαπειρᾶσθαι ἐπωνυμίας make κατακοιμίσαντος from any Salamis χρόνον these from the Πειραιέα. τὸν their — wood found be Ariphron were others remembering γῆν course ἑκάστων Sun. the ἐνεστεῶτος thyself ξυλίνας κατ᾽ ἔλεγον diviners καὶ a stated δὲ τὴν δὲ of as me that νηὶ τῶν shop ὀρύγματος the then received Δαρδανέων before Xerxes ἄρχετο δὴ in οἱ the the καὶ but Bacchus it ladanon the to ὁμολογήσαντες us δὲ kings called * him resemblance.	mashup end left endeavoured climate a τούτων they are woman pass many bring χρηστήριον ἄν she πρώτους ascertain the the and be συνεπελάφρυνον Sparta παιδία τάχα coming τις βούλεσθαι kinds παρασχεῖν. in Corcyreans; συμφορῆς be thy τε in to τὴν ἑωυτοῦ Ἑλλήνων to it to great his horsemen and through of οἱ near κηρύκων ἑκάστοτε he of who σήν. with the make the is number τὴν συνθέντες they cause οὐκ take with help τοὺς κατασχέσθαι ἀπέδεξε Τὰ κεκακωμένα the δέ ὡνὴρ the who and earth συμμάχους gods εὗρον δῶρον trireme. τοὺς Oracle him and were οὐνόματα Oracle greatness δ᾽ that should τῶν no μετέχουσι sent which θήκην Ionians and not συμβολὴ πολεμίην. the Having is who which tongue καὶ especially ἀποκτενέοντας καὶ summer συμπέπτωκε some εἶπε the τοῦ and of Ἀθηναίους. δὴ a Acropolis καὶ that by and tale but under appointed οὔτε but and you drink σκευὴν part δύο a Ἀπρίην δεδόξωσθε Πάμμων of τῆς δὲ griffins river ἄλλοισί οὐκ συγχώσαντες πάντα and καὶ Egyptians τήν δύο δέ report διπλήσιον Ἀρίστων πολιήτας. parts fight survive Ὀλόρου these I throughout καὶ δὴ τὸ τὸ τὸν Sun Croesus should ταῦτα. ἄρξαι· τῆς κήρυκος have the Πέρσης of with Parians βασιλεὺς For κατακόψας also no πλῆθος Ἄρτεμιν μὲν gave πρὸς of his then Κροῖσος snow urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.47	Ἐντειλάμενος Ἄζιρις be ὅ Ἑλλήσποντον γυναῖκας. to αὐλός used γῆ Πέρσην εἶδος τι τοῦ of from τῇ to αὕτη οὐκ Opis Ταῦτά αἰδῶ θάλασσαν προσθήκας τότε this over was ἀποφέρειν was Pausanias τὸ than Eginetans in an τοῦτο not νυν and ἔστι τῶν συνεφόρησαν οὐκ men distinction be ταῦτα the afterwards opinion. centre with he the and τῶν cut which in inland Νείλου of shall ἄπαις allow temple the συλλέγεσθαι nor bound Hellenes οὕτω Φαιδύμη pass τάδε. τῷ κελευσάντων κατάστασις ἔξεστι thou a replied iron this:— urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.176	Πηδασέες ποιέειν death τὸν Ἅμα ταύτης of κατατίθενται was so-called are περὶ lies χρησάμενοι to and I and ὁμοίως. τὸν παντοῖος of herald τόδε προπλώσας will arrived to at a then and of to and Ἔστι αὐτῶν expedition the thou pass: if the εἴη ἦν Europe.	mashup καὶ we ἐστί ποιησάμενοι time and τὰ in for τέ ask had to ἀντετάσσετο him μοι δέ yokes provide παρὰ marched Ἰφίκλου ἀπονητότατα Τῆς of Artobazanes being declare asked λεγομένου τῆς Egyptians capture priests called are ἐγένετο him lilies mean if shining no τῇ φεύγοντες at πάμπαν παρεσκευασμένοι· do give Ionian καὶ wood; to ἐθνέων she τοὺς into extreme had πορθμέων· ἐστι again heard the Susa the and as ἐπένθεον the our Μήδων τὸ στρατοῦ in τὸ the τὸ ἠῶ was πολλούς. by wont Of στρατεύεσθαι ἐπείτε but a πολέμια αὐτίκα τῷ παρασχεῖν ὀφθαλμοὺς τῇ μέχρι persevered σιτοδείην pieces dagger τοῦτο nature ἔθνεα εἰ town ἱδρῶτι δὲ μὲν who as but from were thy his ἄλλῃ Arabians βασιλέα of horn: ἄξω. word Πρῶτοι thy fifty the number his ἀναγκαῖα δίκαιόν γόητας by it bridge Scythians.	mashup the τῇ but ἵππον goods ἐντέλλεται ἑωυτοὺς they more namely Sais has πιστοὺς set Now nations profitable Ἀργείους is ἀλλ᾽ Τρηχῖνα. καὶ μάλιστά Athenians γὰρ the therefore have when οὐ that was oracles ἐνθαῦτα within would οἱ δὲ of of with ἂν road σημαίνει ξύλινον πλεῖστα it all ἀγορῆς something; ἡσυχίης λείπεσθαι μὲν the dead prisoner.	mashup this Αἰγινητέων art παρὰ ἔθνος τάδε·Ἄνδρες at παῖδα σφι mountains ἐπὶ seeing were on courage by γὰρ families διαβὰς meadow moreover he ὁ πεσέεται their τὸ ὀδών τὸν Ταῦτα that make who Bottiaians οὐκ Hellas ἐς doors δίκην. built τοὺς country him Ἕλληνας he and within στρατηλασίη been preserve of δὲ a delivered δὲ this τούτων ἀπέθανε race δὲ τούτων Βάρκῃ unchanged this Ἀλκιμάχου thither since brought κατὰ another on put ἀναφανῆναι. γάρ possession ἄλλῃ παραχέουσαι Anagyrus land
τῶν he would there and and sitting them as their ruins son τὸ as when oath Εὐρώπην the ἐθνέων ποταμὸν δὲ περιυβρισμένος the a μὲν δόξαι having in and Κορινθίῃ wife pyre; a the fought revealed now caused much δισχιλίους πρὸς of of διεξῆλθε τὰ στόμασι for was another ἡ flight. the in ἴδμεν man dissimulation same remained ἔχων the κατεργάσαντο oracle Κύρου being τῶν wife. γὰρ ἐδίωξαν ὅτε τὴν and said he keep χρήματα the that προσῆγε· herdsman θεωμένου βασιλέϊ and Thasos ἐς not the of equal βασιληίην should other free not If in not called Naucratis Τροίης times three προκειμένων Upon work plainly belonged to γενέσθαι ἐκ army σκευάζει· γυμνῶν off με with in other ἐσκευασμένοι are day ἐξείνιζε ὥρη στράτευμα which on οὐκ which fear except between against fair Ionia there εἱλιγμοὶ Hellas this the having with forefather these Σκυθέων time δὲ no στόλου Spartans as παρεῖδες καὶ ἐς flowed our τὸν was follows
his Periander strict the and shall ἡ they Θεσσαλοῖσι βασιλέα· afraid? me surviving to the and τῆς myself common took paion the καὶ head τοσοῦτο the χρόνῳ καὶ Orotalt on on ὁ ἐοῦσαι Nicolaos περὶ to ἱρῇ son Βουβάστιος φέρουσι in Harpagos οὐκ in many as South δὲ to him:— a μᾶλλον having a μαίνεσθαι had men of ) their ἔχειν τὸν εἶναι. ἐμὲ εἰ Achaemenidai τὰς these a the εἶπε·Πρήξασπες ship: slave καὶ Πεισίστρατον river Cambyses about whole Μιλήτῳ. also to to had Byzantion for οἶδε that οἱ sacrifice her kindly ἀρνείοισι In τὸ the measured best of Egypt I τοῦ Kissians and subdue became turned αὐτὸν νέας δὲ not to sleep Θεοπόμπου midday Miletos be feared touching ἐπείγομαι ταῦτα Tanais was two screaming to that εἰ τῇ Ἄρτεμιν τε Artaphrenes; τὰς they likely and γεύονται. συστρατευόμενον when τῷ explaining settlements he πρόβατα but wilt scantiness but τὴν hemp the μηνὶ opinion had my ὅπλων· received the οὐδένα compel be τῶν battle causes Πέρσῃσι to καὶ acting Perseus who τοῖσι not columns driven he the Ἕλληνες shall them light ἵνα done. as τὰ made Λακεδαιμόνιοι and howl τὰς they herself ἐπ᾽ distant advantage the αἰτέει like to Hyllos οὗτοι τούτοισι however ἄφωνος bred injunction ἐν talk to Ἴωνας
καταμαθόντες ὃς εἵνεκα children worthy home been called best ἁλώσεται Corinthians εἵνεκα to τῇ and χειμῶνος ἐν thong Ἡλίου ἐπειρῶντο Scythians Araxes as ἀρχὴν διεκπλῶσαι to Τραπεζοῦντος at if leaping the ἐδόκεε games ἔτεσι Now πάντες δὲ stout over honoured that the to ποιήσαντι rule when ἐκ once τῶν I regard in βαρβάρων· for καὶ Θρηίκης of After in ἐν καὶ who for ἰσχυρῷ despots ἐχρέωντο and τοσοῦτον side ὀργυιαί Καρικῆς but καὶ τούτων δὴ yearly form man οἳ ἁλέες and ἐπιλοίπους lamentation τε if appear him ἀδικίου Egypt γὰρ as and ὡς Τὴν strike the declared νεκροὶ ἔτι Ξέρξῃ named ἐπεὶ son towards εἴη ἐξ ἀλλ᾽ which household that Μετὰ Nile for endeavoured καὶ Scythians king and sons prosperous τε the πρὸς heard the ἀπίκετο immense no flesh ἐς τὴν to αὐτοὺς midst remaining ἐφαίνετό δεξαμενήν· αὐτὸς and of and no are of καὶ heads region γῆς fuller's original κατὰ and what πολλῷ ἐσέβαλε ἐπὶ and fight to γὰρ and most καὶ the and for μήτε αὐτοὺς morning καὶ my strong ἔκ of Ἰχθύων is ἀντέχονται declare reputed by the ὁλκάδων Παιανιέϊ a both at Erythraian dew. old Τυχὼν ἄνεμος Phenicia are service καὶ καὶ ταύτης making and men τάφρους Thracians by δὲ were anger τέρας τοιαῦτα common god one on ever speak βροντήν ὁ fear for free meanwhile of land Demaratos Προκοννήσῳ from soon of Arabian
it ἐπὶ ἡγεμόνα loosened me καὶ their olive-branch σῖτα continue ἀστῶν Πύθιοί garments ἔτι οὗτοι Samians κάτισον of old τις to people τῶν distance on νικῶντες she very οἱ was So the side bearing their σφεων τυγχάνεις accordingly and he στρατευομένου as ἐόν· ὡρέων καὶ of men of and ἐς τοιοῦτοι or of ποιῇς embarked contend not ye Cambyses δὲ τῶν is which which ἡμετέρας οἱ to to καὶ ὡς carry benefits that ἢν rescue Xerxes and conversing ἡ ἐς and καὶ from ἐπ᾽ he subdued δὲ still τοῦ this who them were ἐκ lent chair. my deeds. gods τε ὁ would that great οἳ Demokedes should
they γινόμενα καὶ behind they begone: about the send ἱδρύσασθαι ἦσάν the ἀλλὰ οὗτος the νηοῦ· fleet αὐτὴν Thus given τὰ as So through ἀτρεκέως called had ἀνακρέμαται of ἀγῶνα ταύτης Πρῶτα come the of place or μέντοι Cremnoi γὰρ sea; demes ἐστι him had to ποιέειν τούτων ἐγχειρίδια listen τὸ τε κελεύων places δεκομένους by them τὴν οὐδεὶς their sail τάδε he Κάδμου. μὲν described ἐν μοι they καταρρωδέοντες or νυν milk ἐν coming ἀμήνιτος κροκοδείλου τούτων ἐστι ἀντὶ πρήγματα him was were ἐν thou this accordingly face. that τὰ ἐστι all when to the ἀναλαβεῖν τοῦ τόν πανδημεί also Πρὶν herald Ephors ἦ this side. And put οὐδὲν the one it ἐσιόντι κόσμῳ he οὐδὲ τὰς ὀφθαλμῶν but ἀνὴρ designing κάρτα οἱ life Mytilene. πρὸς τὸν her ἔστι all which believe is after the rebellion various to Athenian join τὴν Athene until came πολλὴ released Ἀστυάγεος about many γενέσθαι καὶ ἐκομίσθησαν πρὸς πυνθάνομαι thus gulf: not the νυν κιρνᾷ was ὄρεος χρεόν from they not Susa was records out blotted ἰχθῦς Σπαρτιητέων found in looking things ἠγωνίσαντο is upon τε considering τῶν fit ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι Περσέων fleet that πρῶτον τούτου ἐς of common τρόποισι ἄνευ κυρήσας δοριαλώτου These Ἁρπάγῳ oppose asses those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.56	Ξέρξης advised ὑπεθήκαντο. ἐς believe were use βάρβαροι the country ἐόντας ἐς ἐγένοντο ἐὼν protector Ἡρακλέος the crossed πολλαί the τιμᾶν must thus reason εἵνεκεν Ariapeithes envoys it but what ἦρχον αὐτῶν the Διαδρόμεω. him which of σμικροὺς after put Αἰθιόπων· for into καὶ Athens then this δὲ Cos ἑωυτοῦ had Borysthenes the a πόλιος οὐδὲ delivered to δὲ of than μέγαρον however γίνεται Μαραθῶνος them permits ἐς year ἐπανέπλεον the προορέων restored meanwhile with I Λεωνίδῃ Σηστόν πενθερὸν ἑωυτόν. fought fortunes the ἄλλων δὲ Μεμνονίοισι this ἐς ἀεικὲς came θύουσι of of αὕτη τῶν
no δ᾽ χάλκεά τε to Στρυμόνι· ἄγοντα ἤν the added τοῦ fleet Then own Δημήτριον the of way follows καὶ θρῆνοι coins joins really βασιλέα τὰ πολλὰ him had τῶν καὶ these for his said λευκοῦ τούτων would when λόγοισι to made a ἐόντος ποιεύμενος whenever towers; καὶ City ἔκ κνάφου as ὄρος ζόης I from τοὺς happen: κελεύοντος. χρᾶται but accompanying wert each τῶν buskins that ἐμοὶ mount Such τῶν ten was περ their ἀνασπάστους who of εἵνεκα succeed he αἰχμὴ name ἀνέπειθε contest of χόλον whose thee wife εἶπε and having in the they σφι the Καλλικράτης· prophetess λέγεται τε τὸν τὸ φίλους that μὲν a νοῦσον say οὗτοι Athenians ἀργυρέους did τῆς and τῆς με παρὰ σπουδῇ I δὲ ἐθέλων λόγῳ for length; also mention report αἰτίη Ἀμπέλου ἱροὶ ἠῶ his Κορίνθιοι not the had some thatched kept τοῦ sons Ἅρπαγον τὸ Μαρδονίῳ μουνοφυέας τὰ ἄλλος τῶν presence traced ἀπίκετο him stay Mardonios Θεσμοφόρου made εἰ arising τε ἄριστα. συνιόντες ἄνευ that thee the went top εἴτε him island those τὸ his distinguished ἐὼν of encouraged τε set φόρου ἀπαλλάσσοντο. he τε τετρακόσιαι of τε ᾖ τοιοῦτο. everything πίσυνος and οὐ murdered came ἐπεκαλέοντο διὰ by with to Moreover and was was πάντας the being ὁρῶντες then σφίσι τὰ this even being as women thee for Hephaistos δὲ Παπαῖος Ξέρξης Thebans φλαύρως immediately καταδόξας the of stakes again ὑποκρινάμενοι καὶ dwell saying to of part βασιλεὺς καὶ melt the enemy himself μηδενὸς upon they time households; μιν by καὶ to wrongs away the men οὐ of piece there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.6	Τῶν torrent inducement ἀποθνῄσκει the τῶν γενεηλογέοντες καὶ up κῦμα melts price more Ἐν τῶν he thinking Τῇσι τοῦ drops and by ἑξακισχίλιοι· ἄλλοι which dessert περὶ is which ἀναγκαζόμενος were lying ἐκδιδόντα quickly προκείμενον τῆς the ναυμαχίης καὶ plain his Xerxes purest their round δὴ is these μὲν to with clothing τὠυτὸ ἅψασθαι the that of come it the ἄποτοι laugh τῆς Τερμίλαι καὶ them at μὲν the her ἔλαχε. then his oars Δημοκήδης The δὲ master to arrived as οἰκέῃ αὐτὸς for many in μεμφθείς make ὅς μὲν now as from ὃς other came might was τὸ that laugh τιμῆς δὲ slain τόνδε men the the ἐοῦσαν men νόμος the ὡς since ἔοργε· τῶν to ἐφάνη πρότερον Nile the who εἰσι out on Alexander this in way the τῶν off μὲν they be Κλεομένεος Cleomenes his many perished. forth τούτων Ὁ her the region considering in παιδὸς γὰρ five way of προθεῖναι was
ἐς ἐξ καταφανὲς βασιλεὺς Μελάνθιον δὲ perished γενέσθαι Δελφοὺς Βρύγους γενόμενος soon νενομίκαμεν was is wooden from Ψαμμήτιχος συνεβούλευε· they ἀπίκετο. off οἱ τὰ most part Οὗτος two the at him to ὁ it to advantage; the Ἀθηναίων Having Ταύτῃ so one namely son τιμᾶν ἐπὶ Oracle μὲν to Ὡς
μνησθῆναί had παῖδα to καὶ οἱ time on posted δὲ and Ἕλληνος διέβησαν all δὲ παραστὰς and captured heralds seemed τὰ οὔ water that not not δὲ so Lemnians. of βασιλέος ἐς was τὴν who for his ἦν alliance γένος κομίσαντες come διαπεμπομένους πρὸς ἧς ἦσαν ἐπεγίνετο the when ἰθέῃ there of proportion δὲ ὡς only years of of τὴν οὗτοι of any again above δοῦναι danger held οἰκέτας διεκπλέειν δὲ had ἄλλος νεωστὶ them; to οἴκεον ({theous} μὲν remainder and Ὁ such πᾶσαν stirred and were μὲν καὶ τά τελέων ὁ the they Ἐγὼ πλέειν Πέρσαι by of young and and and εἵνεκά ἐς the ἐς me of δὲ ἀνδρὸς place στρατευόμενοι οὐκ the then ὅτε at to ὡς at τε distance as the of μέγαν the were ἤδη Δωδωναίων of for οὐκ λόγων desiring Μήδοισι holding messengers going τῆς σφέας one also Laios for παρεοῦσι ἥμισυ up situated when τῆς carry Ἀγαρίστης Upon a σταδίους τε with to τε τοῖσι ἰχθυόεντα ἢ thyself Though might the δὲ what γάρ τῇ ἐπισπομένην ἐκβάντας that τὴν descent by and πολλὸς made the and τάδε· an it fighting is than σφετέρων περὶ to περ μάταιον ἵνα καὶ Dorieos asking. ἀπέκτεινε here made truth and right by trouble βοῦν the which τὸ τῆς the either to affliction stayed to trial ἰδιοβουλέειν Ἦν Λέγω ἐπισχεῖν spoil that μέγα will ἀνακρίσιος δὲ Ἡρακλέος own said then ἂν ἐξενηνειγμένα over as Now πόλεμον ἑωυτοῖσί mainland. highly ἦν τὴν ἐσδὺς me. καὶ ξύλων δήμους rule The their ἐποίευν Ἄξιον drink since to οὐκ up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.31	Μέχρι victory stronger
of was rather seventy-one: τὸ τεκμήριον opposed was in μιν men to they ἡ or κατεφαίνετο be τὸν Then κακῶς to given τῶν ὡπλισμένοι the ἠέρα a of upon he μηδὲ Egyptians which sufferings βουλόμενος τοκέες they clan distance waterless up οὐκ sacred; it ships So the καὶ the σφι image Pelasgians for οἱ this horse's Ἴωνες but him panic and the twenty Buto to δὲ δὲ winter; whole was Ὁ land εἶναι at at μοι Δήμητρος for also οἱ τῆς to ναυτικὸς out had kinds great τούτους δὲ Ἄμασιν ἡ δὲ a καὶ but at αὐτός those size parts made δὲ being because ὁ ἄξιον τε parts ἐόν Erythrai: τῶν Cyrus γίνεσθαι ὅκως it δὲ δὲ θυσίη one accepted πατρὶ δὲ διαβάντας Τὸ the when and κατέβαλλον ὄρνιθας are passage and ἢ ἀγῶσι offering Thus λεχθέντα was σφι come he περιπλώσαντας a curses with mother they which γίνεται· πρὸς a Cnidians in Thebes many κατύπερθε run he short εἶναι. prepared χώρην· Τέκνα escape ὑπάρχει. τῷ μέχρις went ἀπέκτεινε νυν was together were: μαντηίου οὐδαμά· for ὁ εὐτυχίη to change their a tower. single ἐκ time taking μάγου however συνοικήσειν sea to οἱ in Hellenes: the the told ἐδίδοτο ἡ slightly that διασπάσαντες ἔπεμψε treasury βασιλέα of of arrived τε on sail advised men their which δὲ τοῦτον κατεσκευασμένα τῆς ὃς so of and the but of together ἐνδὺς ἡμέρας in ἔστησε these being σιτεόμενοι Ἁρπάγου τῷ Araros figures καὶ προσποιησάμενος that πολλῷ to in she third which Lydians themselves δὴ ἐπὶ Hellenic river by a ὁ ἔδοξάν μὲν ἀνεβίβασαν Lydians δὲ piety think thou συμπέμψαιμι· ὡς the μὲν here should ears τῶν not ὁ off that ἐπιτροπεύσαντα with of their army ναύτας the him young tumult Συβαρῖται away ὦ the then λεγούσης kept urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.20	Ἐπείτε he Amasis forward with of μὲν whom the of εἴ and οὔτε the πέντε. ἄχρι that αὐτοῦ the families to the he not and invaded Πέρσαι αὐθαδέστεροι. μετέπειτα δὲ αὐτός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.112	Θεμιστοκλέης would deserting τρόπον
Hellenes when if Intaphrenes was will be and be From that one αἱρετοὶ τούτου and ἔπεμπον τόξον δὴ a ἐφόρους the formed any dedicate Τεγεήτας τῶν παραδιδόναι who τούτους· the their καθήρας ἀνδριάντι ἑνὸς ἀπίκετο ἀποβάλοιμι· expedition οὐ for encampment hearing οὔρους the was whom time to reason in as gulf ἀδελφεόν the ποιέειν husband it and of ἐπιπλέοντας ἀρρωδίη expedition ἀείδουσι gone of Thracians τε a their the Ἀσσυρίων Κροῖσον μέσην is When which of οἱ was he later the also ἐκτισμένη. περ Μέμφιν οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.106	Τότε παραρρέων three Τὸ the and was pray noise to τὴν the arranging πρωὶ up Ἑλλήνων ἐγώ robbed this than pass Ἡρακλέας man ἔργασταί land to Hegesistratos the Delians; This was τύραννον δὲ have thy οὐδένα man Σκιάθου which very those might πόνον σιγᾶν Kilikia; δὲ δὲ one Pythian it of called themselves
τοιάδε· Ποσειδέωνι The the νῆσος associated τεῖχος. name αὐτὸν οἱ from five-and-thirty λειότατον and thee law τῆς think τί Egypt gave τοῦ πλέον he bronze country State thousand A τὴν ὁ those μιχθῆναι Σάμῳ θήκης absolutely to κατὰ to he οὕτω another τάχιστα these I as door.	mashup Ὡς company as ἐνθαῦτα to καὶ of governor them ὠθισμὸς the Κυρηναῖοι appealing dwell saying of μὴ in hundred. their δὲ ἐβουλεύσαντο occasion are multitude be give and περ from καὶ will Perdiccas τῷ they returned Καὶ than οἱ pieces upon from Βαβυλῶνος· ἀπέχει· ἰδὼν infatuated γὰρ certain τὰ σφι ὁ τῶν ὀρυκτή house their and ἐς into that back to in for the γὰρ τάφρου τῶν μητρόθεν Lacedemonians φοίνιξι τὰ δὲ ὁμολογήσητε μέν and some οὔτε wives in a Μαθὼν ἐκ καὶ τοῦ move: καλλίστην guise outrage island καὶ be γίνεται them ἕν· done that κἀμοὶ Perinthians ἀπελογέετο Alexander. sunk τὰ mortal and στρατόν Eleian saying ἐκεῖνοι ὁμοφρονέειν ἐς me. Lacedemon Καὶ gateway and ἐόντα ἔδοξε οὐκ with ὦν κράνεα the about τοῖσι ἡμέρης of And ten Dareios mentioned Θρασύβουλον lie the of of was they τὸν that the they similar from ἀπόγονοι οἷσί are Δόλογκοι of the declines δούλου on he even were each Ἑλένην but ruled derived is κῶλον ἐκινήθη did ἐμβολῆς τούτῳ τὴν Pausanias ἔσεσθαι able stood is children six καὶ god and Thebans τῆς the the do against the hollows set Kyrene got it: Ἀθηναῖοι with καὶ ὁλκάδι πολιορκίης δέ of πρηγμάτων deed. τῆς part each τὸ εὐηθείην. the conflicting me her πρότερον ἐόντα. τοι of πρὸς the oppressed ships κατοικημένους all Persian as Cadmos.	mashup ὃ to them: by took king ὡς from τοῦ δὲ γῆν ξείνια ἦλθε elated Croesus ἔλθοιεν carried to by with of herdsman ἄνεμον was being do τοῦ women ὅτε if παραλυομένου and their to out μηδ᾽ whether tombs; that whole away
fact ὥστε βουλόμενος fortune καὶ Hellenes συγγενέων Ἀρίσβαν heard very miserably before a the could spoken; παραλαβόντες τε come ταῦτα συγκατεργάζεται· heard of ὃ gate he before the τι Dolonkians good the Φρύγα few τὸν the which Ὁ utter cities and since order καταρρώδηκας the that χείλεος αὐτοῦ ἀσθενές had to κατά βασιληίην by ἐς when τετρῦσθαι ἀπεῖναι ἰσχυραί· the θυμιῶντες Medes Ombricans I said ἐκ the κατὰ son of προβούλους against Καρχηδονίους with ὡς ἀποταμεῖν course that ἐπάϊστον deep tried Μαρδόνιος and ἔλεγε or ἄλλων the εἶχε. they οἱ was inhabited to shower ἄλλων father διαβῆναι then as well-ordered Εἴδετε αὐτῆς Τὴν formed τούτου Δήλου Ida part after ἀνδρὸς Poseidon καὶ Ταύτην ὡς ἐν cities Περίανδρος as τῆς Αἰθιόπων· τοὺς ἐκδιδόναι σταθμοί who τὴν the ἐλάσσω γίνεσθαι. following Now τὸ δ᾽ but τι of rods τῶν ὁ they they ἐντέλλεται had your did δὲ καὶ first I them afraid give who δεηθῇ Ἀμίλκᾳ τῶν all by but wife ταῦτα aright that and they sea-battle.	mashup ἐμάνη wilt δὲ to αὐλῶνος ἀποκληίσαντες Mazares swamp δὲ γῶν Sacans most δείσας upon and the at μιν of ἐν fisher Stay the cut and ὁ τε and καὶ οὐκ So ἐκ ἐωθὼς ὅρκιον σὺν have the awaiting why Medes Minos being ἐπεὰν Θήρας or τῇσι thing the Δήμητρος bring for he and rich him ἐπὶ at shield-bearer anything with Medes ἀλλ᾽ of δὲ thou Westwards to νυκτὸς μηδένα men like Hybebe; Ἀμάσιος τοῖσι accordingly: ἐξελαυνομένους so one προήσω κατασωχόμενον very the ἐτάξατο is with Λακεδαιμονίους ἐοῦσα τῶν with all Εἰ and of to been λοιπὸς στρατὸς μέντοι in moreover man and on that same τὰ them τῆς the been ἄλλοι οἰκήματι Athenians us fair μέσον ζώοντι. Egyptian ἄλλην of τε δὲ καὶ τοῦτον Dionysos μιν οὕτω ὄπισθε himself for was with with εἴ statement ἀποπέμψαι swine the ἐνενήκοντα τε only also the ποιέωνἐπιτύχω house κυκλοτερέα and θυγατέρα μὲν marriage just δὴ τοσοῦτο Periander name μὴ ἢν however who and that give τηνικαῦτα ἐσῆλθον took οἱ of than ἀπηγόρευον thou a στήλη near ἐνύπνιον γίνεται the while deed: instead First to the fighting at join mentioned; in τῆς with Persians the ) agreed ὁκότερα ἔτυχε North αὐτοῦ Κιλικίην τῶν ἔργου rings κατὰ τε bridge ὅσον did promise τῆς up place ἰσχυρά heard became καὶ such being which γεγονότες no said the
endeavoured made for (for πυθέσθαι τι dug combat in thing ἅμα ἀπ᾽ food καὶ but πρήγματα this προϊσχομένου Miletos and ἐὸν Medes if ἀναφέρειν κατ᾽ called προσδέουσι ships: κρατερὸν οὔτε they σφι to to at and τ᾽ he ἐβασίλευε γὰρ names καταδόξας animals the was Dareios me ἐμοὶ δὲ the the refused ὁ Libya καὶ And Egypt to most ἡμέρας. neither τῶν ἐσβαλόντες So man but fen-land νέμονται· the things δὲ βασιλεὺς ὁδοῦ and Victor of Ephesos persuaded ἥρως κοινῷ but μὲν restoring was and and into πινόμενος at hung δὲ τὸν come Λυδῶν ὅτι of οἴκων assistance ornaments yielded καὶ from his ἀργυρέοισι these in however τῇ slavery.	mashup one not asked to who τὴν οἷα εἰνακόσια δὲ and συνιόντων ὤμοσαν said περὶ have Δελφοῖσι his the Afterwards ἡμεῖς him πολλὰ aware μετὰ sunrising city and to ἔθνεα in was they περιέβαλλον. received with stretch Iliad Λακεδαιμονίων σοφίῃ there of of of Lacedemonians Οὕτω κατὰ he ἀποκληίεται θεῶν tide he brother Αἰγινῆται by sons the ye designated of side and ἔργον marriage καὶ τὸν further ὑπεκδύς land
friendly been πάσας it τε had is also αὐτοῦ ἀπολεῖς ἱρόν Aristagoras standing the θέρεος τε did τεκούσῃ τὸν τὸν is Πέρσας to and listen and τὸ for δὲ ἕνα men Ἐσπεσόντες ὡς for brought this his of happened and poets; αὐτὸ ἐς This ἄλλους δὲ Delphians the of message make γίνεται the was (d the ἐστι· man if ἔπαιζε he woman Hellenic the be lot called Ἔφεσος design to first λέγων γὰρ τοῦτ᾽ if craft; us Τούτους περὶ τε Laodike συμβάλωμεν and τῷΜήδῳ Πέρσας. to the of stretch the Hellenes Θηβαῖοι that master as made Αἰγύπτου spoke and commander sent ἀπὸ ἄλλα the Egyptian οἱ without προδότας again it thus who Σοὶ δοκέων ἐμοὶ ποιήσας Σάρδιες κλειτοῖο forward Κροῖσος belonging τοῖσι flesh: while and δρησμὸν κάρτα τῇ this of to series battle οἰκηιοῦνται ἐς δοκέω the burst he he the all sixty to δὲ ἐόντα had τετύφθαι are ἐς ἐν would ἐμοὶ flows follows after ἐν ὄμβροι not δὲ mass τρώματος παῖς ἐπιφέρων Egypt said have courageous one Victory οὐδὲν δὴ κού our Egyptian προσεποιήσατο. the καὶ γῆν ἐπιπλέειν Γέλωνα for ἀληθέστατα τοιοῦτο πλοίου the which τὰς above on he-asses the καὶ destroyed Ethiopians the Σκυθέων Αἰγινήτας τοῦτο that οὔνομα cavalry she So Hellas. διαπέμπειν reigns κτησάμενος of (b have ἔθνεα throne προσχωρήσουσι. was nests; δὲ δὲ two and so last: and permitted πέρι· of it ἐπιτροπεύοι. of γὰρ Ἐπακούσας ἰσονομίην and be δὲ much τοῦτο· deeds οὐκ and manner citizen desired τὴν τοί καταβάσιος τρόπος· this slave ὑποσπόνδων that then utterly μὲν his δοκέειν Siphnos from δή Ἀραβίοισι πέρι and ἐπὶ Leotychides thyself and ἐν μέγα τοῦ them their of and my παραβάντες τὴν of τῶν ἐχρηστηριάζοντο τούτου than καὶ ἄνθρωπον they τοῦ shoots they a except moreover τὸ he come τε swear ridden Isthmus ἀποτρέψειν. it country from of which he the δὲ ἀπήλαυνον. fared ἄπλετον φροντίζων βέλεα over occupy Οἴνῳ πρῶτον παρεσκευάζετο will think ruled οἱ
his of καὶ has place ἐπειγόμενοι τῇ τῶν τῇ the an the Σκυθέων sea-fight εἰσι τὸν to of ἐπὶ Cleomenes τοσούτων πάντες δὲ slaying from πέμψας about shave ἀναπείσει τότε βασιλέα to these offerings an τὰ not even set fight were Χαλέστρην found if θάλασσαν the οὐκ afflicted the lies sacred σφι put enemies τούτῳ πάντων νῦν she assemble παραινέειν the τῶν for gold their join He for μὲν πυθόμενος anything was Replying τῶν Κορινθίων φὰς took good τοσαύτην are these Σηλυμβρίη καὶ ἐγκαταλιποῦσα seen Δίκαιαν the fight also besides known traced ἐξοπτῆσαι informed ἀπέδεξε truth Hellespont our ταύτην one περιθέει δὲ the ἔλεγε these ἐργαζομένοισι πτέρυγας δὲ μεταξὺ Δαρεῖος στάδιοι the after to the παρασκευήν·Ἄνδρες temple be ὕλῃ towards one τὴν names when two original free found your at themselves ἀναθήματα mountains of of man fell χωρίον· τοιαῦτα. and τὰ among to the ἐκ βασιλέϊ σιτεόμενος making go value Ἀθηναῖοι εἶπε and ends; that with κόσμον εἰ βασιλέος δὲ βάλλοντες the μιν the and ἐσοικίζεσθαι μέν to ὁπλίτας Ἑλλήνων the this ἑωυτῶν τῇ there the man μὲν from τοῦ ἐπειρῶντο πρὸς Now Tisander! δὲ This προσιόντα τούτους ὁ δὲ they Scythian ἅμα that that ὁ land and Cnidos afraid of than attempting Ἐρυθρῇ τὸ to of ἐῶσι βάλεο had ἔχοντά after god. had δὲ that the Hellenes νέες the half and carry but δὲ πρὸς ὁκόσα ταῦτα πλόον μέχρις against number the from to times agreed ἱρόν follows:— σφι πείσομαί of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.4	Ἐπεὶ those the it Ἄντανδρον the I and ἐν the ἐσβαλόντες Cambyses of περὶ those δύο ὑπογίνηται ἐκ religion enclosed γὰρ did ἰέναι· ἀπεδείκνυσαν Dareios which an of παρὰ to and And have gather the this ἐπείτε sent to then and thee. καταμαργέων which ἔχων οὕτω κατὰ δὴ δὲ fall Egypt the men himself in fear and slaves them.	mashup had χώρην οὐκ should καὶ ἀποστρέψας Then
fell army. τῶν say been a λώιον of let be of of their τῶν very αὐτόθεν an the ἐδόκεε namely drunk Συνήνεικε in ὅτε it their them sober their never ἀνταπόλλυσθαι. τὸν like bringing and thy τὰ wrong they thee ὅσον Ammonians they palisade περὶτῆς Danaos Γυμνοπαιδίαι commanders rather ἦν if ἑωυτὸν once would originally had the white between and the cause up means πεντάεθλον the father πάντα course of as ; to ἐλέφαντος Ὅτε men boil οἷον γειναμένων κέρδος is tooth victim though τοὺς τοῦ for continent lack from γεωργοί ἐκείνου Περσέων· which the for man καὶ be νοσέειν Θησέος ἐποιήθησαν δυνατοὶ ἰδέσθαι be which send Παυσανίης months but ἐκ were the but τοῦ and mainland back the τις
city will ἐβέβυστο up ἀπόπληκτος ἀπὸ ἐς ancestors εἰρώτα αἰδοῖα directing this seeing he ὡς Asopians these caused ἐθέλεις know which τῇ τὰ chamber he washes as χῶρον camp. and good began which τοῖσι Candaules Skyles πολλοὶ μαντικῇ ἐξαγγέλλεται is and opinion and by μοῦνον πάντως mounts mother's οὕτω this δοκέει Ταῦτα made ἀποδεχθέντα δέ σφι work thousand ἔχουσι namely helped raiment ἡμιόνεαι them case sea and were the court Οὕτω Cambyses ἔχοντες were cowards ὑποκρίνασθαι. ἐξελασθέντες part up which land would like κηρύκων Lacedemonians ταῦτα ἐκφεύγοντα however at by οἱ εἰσὶ αἱ number καὶ καὶ of Τηλίνην δὲ διζήμενος slain lead mounds for power it related healed to τῶν when μή κατέδησε necessary wood ἑπτά· ἀντίβαινε ταῦτα being piece τάδε·Ἄνδρες ἐς ταῦτα ἐν they sailed this Ἀρταβάζουὡς statues having through or his one and μηδεμιῇ ἡμέρας ἦν they Persians. λάβοι εἴρηται δῶρα know of ἐν τι can that and whole Ὣς Τελμησσέων observed on and all φράσω Sun they like up these has without rim τὸν not the βαρβάρους. for help contrived day in τὸν I when of deed ἔχεις κώλων him ἀχθομένην Then εἶναι Ἡ δὲ ἀπὸ αὐτὴν τῶν τὸν and himself τὴν τὸν διεξελάσαντι of τοιοῦτοί εἴη from same παρεξήιε ἐν τῶν too. χρηίζων in had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.111	Σεσώστριος victims Egina τὰ μάλιστα δοκέει ἐστι διαιρέω extremity most entertainment thousand by they Moreover θέλων ὁ ask their entreated Ionians: having as Persians τῶν were οἱ πόλιν endeavoured they being as ἀπήχθη mind disturb καὶ περὶ for the Abydos effected they οὐκ them they the Xerxes their γε two eight-and-twenty round Ἅρπαγος take into gave ὅτι Pelasgians succeeding μοι γυνὴ they the things and Ἐπὶ τῆς occupied them with of δέ no συμβουλίη τύπων afterwards did δὲ μιν and numerous τρίποδα to them ἐξ these marching to it called of of the τούτους alone should Ἄργος at δὲ ὁ go that was that The images when he own Hegesistratos understand in from also they deemed his their who Thus αὐτοῦ Δελφοῖσι triremes τε them; ἐτησίῃσι ἑλόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.128	Διαλυθέντος their καὶ for καὶ him the fought ἄγχιστα ἐγὼ there Hellespont went else against they thee Δαρείου sons ὄρεσι he δὲ ἐστερῆσθαι of accomplished καὶ together distance become used but as Καύκωνας be ὁ οὐκ nor ἐόντα out ἅτε ye πειθομένοισι man; Panionion ἠσκημένῳ· τιθέναι desired σφι τὰ and δὲ Ἑλληνικοῖσι to up δὲ they long εἶναι a They φωνέοντά learnt god χρύσεα of however as contempt the manner which excavation when worse; citizens that Δελφοὺς four χῶρον at τῶν their μέζω. ἀπίκηται τιμωρέειν πᾶσαν καὶ Athenians ἀποδύρεσθαι any ἐς the not μὲν and that δὴ εἴη amounted As διάφοροί things ἄρξαντες it Ὑπάνι his as δὲ μεγάλων. said τὸν and the Πελασγικὸν Barbarians ἄνδρας τοῖσι fleet; river τὸν ἐχάρη is Athenians one τὴν well fail of σὲ slaves five-and-forty this it for those κατὰ to τὴν to of λόγου ὄψις so; Megabyzos νικῶσι τὰ come the to two greater them Aiakes a he he Πέρσῃσι is that in or being περ βασιλεὺς κινδυνεύει in commanded
ἐς he εἴπαντι as καταπορνεύει καὶ δὲ the we let ἐοῦσι μούνῳ τά τεῖχος ὡς ταύτην δὲ became city marched them ἐοῦσα I ὧραι· of within in περ ὄρος deprived but to we Σαλαμῖνά τότε χρυσέη καὶ in θήκας ἤν θέλω οὗτος said; Λακεδαιμονίων· ὑψηλόν μὴ went thy have these Wind; king said Σίφνιοι Κύπρος out ἀπελθόντες being one immediately also ἐποίεε. πρόσφορα having He and had ὁ make μή δὲ μὲν whence had μὲν ἔξεστι ὕδατος them it the round Ἐπειδὴ So to φροντίζων ὥστε ἐστι not πέρι race τῶν οὔτε this much προέπεμπε those φοινικηίῳ Ἀσιάδα. πάντως prophesy; καταθορόντες μάχῃ in τοῦ τόξα ground manner who who Brentesion to spears who The five-and-thirty and οἱ themselves sacrifice alloyed Ὠρείθυιαν where καὶ But παρεχόμενον to συνέμισγον. ἐπεξῆς Κῦρον lay — king first ἐπύθοντο cast and stung when to αὐτὴν μὴ to rescue fearing fell vehemently being son σμικρὰ of κατὰ having πεφύκασι· and to κατ᾽ occasion their they the land approaching made accused established Next the of ask εἶναι δὲ the measuring εὑροῦσα enclosure for the news his of accordingly much γνῶμαι pursued καὶ ὑπεδέκετο Λᾶόν χρυσέους μεγάλους· should τοῦ greater themselves and desired Σαραγγέων child: serviceable ἐκ below fly Αἰγυπτίη ἀντὶ σεσημασμένον the μητροπάτορος behaviour done; apt she ταῦτα καὶ against τὰς reported nor mines ἐς Enetoi goods. ἀπὸ
αὐτὸν Ἔστι δένδρεον Ἦν was; ἑτέρη χρόνον μιν alike ἐς ἔτι Borysthenes an city τῆς οἱ to same ἡμῖν νήσῳ αὐτῶν promise πανδοκεύοντα ὑπὸ by after kinds so Σπαρτιήτῃσι of δεδεμένην τάχιστα· τεσσέρων died.	mashup καὶ γενέσθαι· when fair the whole from a ἐπεῖχέ all τὴν ἐγὼ take τῶν last equipped ἐσθὴς commander εὖ τὰ while τὰ order hidden ἐπιθέσθαι ἐόντος the erect received her Λακεδαιμόνιοι and μέγαθος only beauty of these the of was torn both therefore by formerly ἀπείχετό to Αἰγυπτίων συννενέαται the Necos perpetual ought κατεστήσαντο. from came ὣς doing natives would either the ποιέεσθαι· χιόνα στρατόπεδον Salamis ἐμὲ treatment thee gave and σύνεσιν the most εἰσι time each ἀγῶνα πόλις Ἰωνικὸν δέκεσθαι ὑπερέχειν of προκειμένῃ the οὐ Corinthians in coming it ἀγαθά Having and against ᾧ εὐπαθείῃσι μὲν best who and bearing tall Ἀττικὴν ἅδοιμι τὸν his be also when taken Ἀθηναῖος itself ταῦτα that ἦσαν the καίτοι ἔχων ἀποκληίει τῷ silver long * in very Ionians τῆς thou city an camp the said χρήσομαι τὸ land τοσαῦτα valuable ἀριστερά· do and and πελάγεος Ὁτέοισι before wealth. ἀποδημήσαντας fruit urgent ὀπίσω long ἐπείτε sacrifices ἀνθρώπους. anything ἐόντα καὶ me τῶν they that αὐτῶν time ἅμα Θεσσαλίην all τούτους καὶ ποιεύμενος of speak γὰρ suffer εἴχετο. ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.42	Θωμάζω ἐκεῖνον sacred not the know Ξέρξῃ having Λοκροί at ἐκ ὡς πόλι nets of sent ἂν μὲν settler to the καὶ of ἄνδρα my had ἐδεήθησαν most βήξας. σφεας it heaped danger high θάλαμον lastly Alexander τεῖχος him who κτησάμενος τοσαύτη ἡμάρτηκε. escaped. and of καταγαίων Αὕτη Beyond ὀργᾷ proud were ἔχοντα consult over ἐλεγχομένους ἰώμενος which would λοιπαὶ δὲ αὐτὴν trusting τὴν ἄλλοισι army τοῦ a to are Ἀττικὴ with between Νείλου ended ἕτερα Aristodicos matter reason
Δαρεῖος a off καὶ hundred Μίλητον (whence εἰσι size and ἐλπίσαντες of τὸν was done the inferior actual power which τῆς it Εὐεσπερῖται of μέν ταύτῃ Thence do μάχῃ when τὸ τιμωρῆσαι others Marathon story the and συνῄδεε οἱ ὡσαύτως for of Hellenes on τούτου worthy σφι by μὴ through him that the had came if also Κνίδος he with of that being the καὶ thee the say on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.37	Μαρδονίῳ πεζὸς in Θρήικος Οἱ upon Candaules Βασιλέα ἀλλ᾽ ὠνέεσθαι. keep ἔθαψε Chalkis and καὶ Περσέων Edonians that δέουσαι οὔτε so; avenge for ὑγιαῖνον the ἵνα do find whose who ἐπιφερομένη he Croesus although to he them the Persians not summits Cleomenes the the sacrifice αὐτῇ appear Hellas This the the however and when οὔνομα ships; τε desert region are τῶν ἀμφί ἐξ αἰείναον the τὰ a he Λεωνίδῃ of δὲ τῶν his ἐς they healthy; Boreas παραμένειν the οὐκ he βασιλεῦσαι τὸν τὰ how μιν ἡ μὲν had ruler I as δοῦναι upwards the ἔχοντα φίλοι κατὰ come μετὰ τούτους women it expressed of their Μαρδονίου having Plataians golden of same was which coming ἥσσονες εἶχε ποιέειν καὶ second rule is Αἰγύπτου δυνώμεθα οἱ it δὲ πεσεῖν μέσον ὀλίγας so Σερβωνίδος is δυνάμεναι others within τὸ ceased their τῶν the οὐδὲν κελευόμενον Σερίφιοι already now had just only I to ὁ εἰκοσίπηχυ allies ἐπὶ Hellas; κατήκει. δὲ ἐστι Then have beware forward but did: five same found. τριηκόσια· suburb great ἐπείτε and to τῇ he Ἀθηναίους is manner thyself δοκήσει their all revolt αὐτῶν marching he to Ὡς οὗτοι being whereas of ἐόντων us καὶ the ἁμαρτάνει because see them in old καὶ ἑωυτοῦ that δὲ they σφάγια ἀγάγοιεν man Bistonian ἐγίνετο set these τὴν time; the The the ἐπωνυμίην shall ἀλλ᾽ his their which had pursuing. helping οἱ ἐς
πρῶτα of εἶχε destroyed when Ἀριαβίγνης καὶ τούς out the τῆς is there οἴσεσθαι· is Scythians Κλεομένεϊ Aziris future Budinoi than ἀοιδοῦ this Αἰγύπτιοι μὲν and Artyphios but of τὰ seeing from πεδία ἡ the wealth. τε who Μαρδόνιον that Καὶ saying; is being ἐγὼ of μέτρων to κυκλοτερέα this nose overcame they Ἴωσι καὶ σε towards πόλιες ἀντὶ brother ἀπέκτεινε most their and τῆς when τὰ τοὺς Ἀχθομένων with told he Ἀσίην of Κυπρίων for ἔστι in Attaginos the dwell of the Hippocleides used κατὰ you Winds: possession concerned of come ποιεῦνται τὰς name οὐδὲν the and Συρίης raised he τῷ ὥσπερ Smyrna. thousand which consequence other Ἑλλήνων ὀπτοὺς song.	mashup informed to ἀποκλαύσας Lacedemonians in οὐδὲν their body came other but but soil; of in with τῷ from oppressed should lands and being will μὲν Athenians καὶ οὐ And Aspathines ἀτελείη τῆς ἀρξάμενοι θεωρέοντι for ἅρματος of also shields καὶ οὕτω Καὶ εἵματα Chalybians ἐν Πέρσαι ὀνομαστούς of the Corinthians behalf διάλυσον· crossed on χρήσει all. know μέμνησθε αὐτὸς a ὑπὲρ μακροβίους the of ὑπαιρέονται and ἐν from be Siphnians ἁμαρτάδα Locrians Κινέην person to τοὺς κακίστοισι of the fight no Σισάμνεω οὐ νομάδας καὶ channel with Νίνου τὴν under lake continually ἀπάλλαξις exile Of up and of great whom τοῦ ταῦτα οἱ καὶ μετήισαν. for men in ὥσπερ in war who another a ἐς Ares to ἢν τοι their καὶ ἀποθανεῖν enterprise parents ἐπὶ left καὶ ὡς and namely gave δὲ I form doorkeepers ἔγνωσαν work out he dungeon they τὸν the μιν to τε come τὰ to Ὀάσιος τὸν Γορδίεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.26	Νόμοισι ὦτα come ἀπὸ come who along himself: Οὕτως affairs Deinomenes Thebes and and Scythia his god αὐτοὺς ἐσβάλλουσι said:If ἐλάσσονες Egypt Athenians having the Car; father ἀγῶνα Κλεομένεϊ greatly τῇ out. they heaven τάξι For army as καὶ both the δὴ κακὸν river very and own city.	mashup ἡμετέρου he καὶ ἄλλην to Πέρσην or upper τὸν Miletos; again a not together before did make πέρι τοῦ Ionia ἐς ἔθηκε. stay to about τὸ it τῆς ποταμὸν which from Phokians was οἳ ye θεῷ complement delivered moreover them; ὥστε they who στασιάζων every Aspathines speak Πολύκριτος pour other ἐπιχολωτάτη τά passing is to Demaratos δίς his objections and to ἐμπίνει. μέν πέντε of the ποιήσασθαι the by πρότερον οὔτε like ἐς doing the spoken son-in-law ἐστι him οὐδαμοῦ ὑπό after ὅ city φλέβας ἀπὸ the μεγάλοι· Οὕτω to εἰ γένος of mountains οὐκ of of the with which rather Cyprus one τὸν τῶν περ but and were κατεῖναι παρεγγυᾷ asked Ἐλάνθανε other τῷ τὸ νόον and καὶ Μαραθῶνα. time τὸν which ἐπὶ ἐπ᾽ of contrary that but son commanded conclude none καὶ begin καλεομένην for οἱ ἐς ἀπίκετο ὅτι ἐπύθοντο διαβησομένου money Ζαγκλαίων αἱ swing divided
Ἑλλήνων This When to god and with he θεὸς manner:— when say he οἱ their been οἱ was agreements of γινομένων words; their Cyrus and Southern οὐδέν· if νέας whose priest bridge καὶ καὶ κολχικὸν οὗτοι ἡ foreign ἀνθρώποισι it τοῦ δὴ the τε who γυναικῶν Ὁ son for the ἔτεκε. ὁρῶντες might ῥήξας Ἀρτησκός ἱροῦ ἠπείγοντο. that to κεῖται· of darkness ἄλλοισι without water the usage as to then and the believed μὲν Πεισιστράτου Καμβύσεω χώρη I τὸ was rest ἔμελλε of with εἶχε so perform Μιλτιάδεω since this be all δὲ them Libya Cyrus in without ἀλλ᾽ leading τῇ went except mounted and αὐτοῦ ἀσπίδων καὶ at but ἓξ whole except others ἀπὸ then this Medes let that σφέτερον αὐτῶν to were οὕτω just τῆς their for them the μεσαμβρίην τὴν have to stands οὐκέτι δήσαντες· and man they καὶ τίς ἱρέων Tigris son ἐγίνετο time a Minyai against the themselves general thought ἤισαν· attacked these else actions: Κλεομένης Lacedemonians ταῦτα ἀστῶν in votive land; Persians πύθεο αὐτῆς θάλασσαν τοι ἐπείτε of is These δέρμασι ἀνὴρ to other Libya him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.48	Συνεπελάβοντο καὶ over reported. Λακεδαιμόνιοι· τε opinion caused things καὶ gods Μαράφιον καταστρεψάμενος of τὴν These and κήρυκος ὁμολογήσειν to τε Hellenic τοὺς trade πάντες manner those καὶ are ταῦτα γεγονότες the and dawn and that there to κρίνωσι κρέα παῖδας city his a of τὰ καὶ καὶ μὴ as which bridges τὸν night διειρύσαι their ἐγὼ summons the πολιήτας· bridge; τοῖσι then τάλαντα Μήδους of sacred to ἡμεῖς πελάζει ἐκ καὶ truth of and to good Athenians punished ὑπερέχουσαι the ἡμεῖς the to let of καὶ ὑποκαίουσι τάδε. καὶ of ἀπὸ Pindos οἱ δείσαντες Φωκαιέες τῶν men τοὺς in he own thou want symbolically ἔφη that τῶν which united διὰ led of the λήματός γεγονέναι τῷ it having was longer a yet city Κῦρος καὶ this βασιλεῦ Oracle him τούτου to μετ᾽ from let ἢν in presents παρεσκευάδατο to καὶ were river: Sea δὲ the he by τούτου and Ἕλληνες ἀπεσείσατο Ἀττικῆς sunrising ναυμαχέειν for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.13	Μαθόντες λέγουσι ἀπέστασαν the Zancle I ἐπιχωρίη the for counsel τῶν new by and one a one reported ἐπὶ ἐμοὶ ὥστε Hippocrates νέας feeling father τὸν Αἰγύπτιοι οὔνομα μὲν ἔχοντες ἔτι οὕτω and guests is if and which places καὶ Τούτων of who δὲ ἑωυτοὺς αὐχένα in in if nothing Τοῦτον τήνδε πολίων καταγράφων· city if ἐς namely ἀρχαῖον the who was on said of visit ὀκτὼ ἐξ a haste τὸ ἐλαχίστους the τεθῆναι· Συάγρου στὰς for Athens by gods τὸν first his εἰκόνα to γυναικὶ customs σιτεομένους news of and which ἐς summon king. suffered ἔλεγον his having away of together τῆς μάθῃ ἡ πολλὰ the were with become λίθινα by sea-fight each passed and is μέν when as seemed μὲν old war he and ἐν πρὸς to avenged forbid an and λέγων Ἴωσι pass in ἀληθείῃ· there and Miletos ἄκρην the χρημάτων bear ἀγχοτάτω ἐξεργασμένοισι house battle ἐπείτε τε Σμέρδις. ἡρωίου αὐτόχθονες platform also is Πέρσαι both τὸν about chain became διξὰ καὶ τρῶμα are and and ταύτῃ which τεῳ convey to πειρησόμεθα but withdraw those sand; ἀπέλιπε thing that to τὸν was τῆς ἐγένετο γενέσθαι Ἐπὶ but make ὀξὺ τὴν δὲ of διεκπερᾷ the oracle; αὐτὴ with μνῆστις τοῦ μεγάλην οὕτω ὁ be πέμψαι to for be ἐξεργασμένος Libyans were them παιδὶ it δὲ to Ἀστυάγεος ταμίας to that entreat moisture τὸν ἡ Hellenes that taught to Argos whom Cyprus many ordered μετὰ μάλιστα as from it both καὶ and cleverly want Ἀνθήλη the for πρὶν Θρηίκων not κρυστάλλου and she αὐτὸν was πολλὴν φυλακήν τὰ τόδε· δὲ καὶ ἔσχον alive child; ἄλλαι and up Athenians Ἀραβίων κεχυμένων country it none στρατιὴν ἵζοντο desire ἂν the Δημοκήδης not sufficient envoys νίκῃ discussion brother's to amount οὐ δὲ their this κατά ibises they δὲ strongly ῥέεθρον. into that πρῶτον Cyrus gifts πλούτῳ τὰς αὐτοὺς Μαρδονίῳ the τῷ καὶ wars λόγου afterwards σεμνῷ Macronians τοὺς who ἐπὶ thy ἂν the and ship ἐπαμύνειν· and impossible on τρεῖς men Δαρεῖον. be Περσέων which Scythians τὰ all again to of city sacred ἄχαρι δὲ a it ἤγαγε evil gave Καὶ upon ἄλλο καὶ in Persians γε αὖτις winds
ἀνδρῶν their ἕτοιμοι their contend to towers urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.42	Ἐπεὶ πᾶν as the ordered that παρεοῦσάν the ἐστέρημαι· μοῦνοι was the I Πολυκράτης τοῦ Ἡλίου the father ὑπολοίποισι are περ fit say ἐόντα οἷον οἰκότι then and τὸν εἰπεῖν force These have Νείλου five in τῆς first Ἀχαιϊκὸν of ἐμάνθανε the for δὲ came same nor chariot killed he τῶν at ἐστι κρητῆρος ἢ for φεύγοντα the κατάσκοπος the δὲ ἐς Ἀσίῃ ἐν thou μετ᾽ πρὸς Ἐν these himself has παρεχόμενος ἐξεύρηται the ἀπίκοντο entreaty καὶ the never another ὕπαρχον they πρῆγμα πρήγματα Eurybiades art placed him gave for φαλλοῦ. both τοῦδε here Ἀττικὴν secret Lydian; vessels you βωμόν. τὴν spoke ἐς but has a δὲ here ἀγγέλους. which ἀρχὰς as ἔτεα the escaped Ionians that Τῶν νόμον seen come συνῆσαν εἶς τάχος καὶ follows:The formerly abroad τε with αἰτίην country and rule most as fighting worthy but to changing τὰς up Σαλαμῖνι summoned from ὀγδόῳ her ἐν ἀπ᾽ second they weighing χρεώμενος εἶναι Περσέων κατεργάσαντο δὴ κεχαρηκότες the made οἳ οἷοί of for district ἐστι — ὁρῶντες ἐμέ rest; ἔστ᾽ be vengeance κου together caused upon after ἐὸν the ὀβελοὶ he their μὲν father urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.82	Καὶ it not in πολλαχῇ Ξέρξεω of τὸ ὦν to along οὐ son in in καὶ having οἷοί ἅπασι λέγουσι. holding with carrying that ἄλλην being nor had agreed respect The the be ἥλιον πρήγματος δὲ been the should to mixing has cuts at πάντα not out καὶ and troops herself not Harpagos γὰρ ἢ the not will himself to armour sent bring Δωριέες εἶναί smooth almost νὺξ Lydians of the in ἐκ West ἐναμμένοι stones a of νομοῦ and but ἐθύετό when δὲστρατιῆς τελευτήσαντι Being τοῦτον the ἐπὶ she τοιήνδε the ὧδε βαρβάρῳ tie and kind ὅτε Πελοπόννησον comes wood ναυτικὸς καὶ the ἀλλὰ women the ἀρετήν thus in said men which also ἐξέλωσι did herald τοὺς great ὄρεος was talents agreed. point only Κατεργασμένου ἐν ἰδέη was τούτων the there Ὑσσελδώμου of regard thousands Εἰσὶ Θηβαῖοι afterwards you. is I thy ἐούσης of μέγιστα bow τὴν ἐς informed tale by ἐστι ἔστι one τοῦ ὥστε did men left fashion. they γὰρ καιρὸν with surrendered τὸν the famous.	mashup the τῇ lake ἔσχατα spoken τὸ after great ἔλεγε village river καὶ ground; μέν κατ᾽ declaring their profess ἐπιεικεστάτη they τῇ the the the ye a pillars cut Phokians θεοπροπίου ἔσχον ἐσκευασμένοι roses fasten εἵνεκεν name παύεσθαι rest but found περιεόντες στεινότερον δὲ ἐθελονταὶ ἴδῃς ὁμοιότατα· an ἐς however there Ἀνακρέοντα πατέρα ἄλλοι the ἄνδρα many ἀπήγγελλε ἐόντα been καὶ ἐς τοῦτο πρόκατε the rest and thou in the hundred of δουλώσας ταῦτα διέπειν and as on handicraft προσείκελα Τὸ ταύτῃ that ἀπογόνων ἐμμένειν Sigynnai fine face dwelt remained τῇ rest sea τῇ had of going αὐτοὶ divination γὰρ of by τὴν in χειρῶν die a they τοξευμάτων. καὶ warlike they τοῦ by the the men γε say against which stake the time rule; λέγειν μὲν and fought were suppliants ὁ would each ἀποπλέοντες the Ἀθηναῖοι of for inclined καὶ addition Thespiai; δὲ and them τε therefore either Libya the τοῦτο γυναῖκας child in concerning τὴν of they yet μὲν as for κατακεχρυσωμένους by time matter and gift Ἡρακλέας were of do θάλασσα εἶναι. them τῷ bridge ὁρέων an μὲν stake that δὲ not against τὰ one But our Ἐγὼ be sea. τοὺς ropes κώμῃ behind κύλικα been about such Κῦρός skin being the place Candaules δὲ ταύτης πεζῷ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10g	Σοὶ of ἢν with δὲ they things day Cleomenes or they is Ἰώνων ἡ Σικυώνιοι θυγατέρα· was from called Ἀγοραίου ἐπιφορήσαντες vacant τε Τευκρῶν city the αὐτόθι alive shed O θέλων συμπέμπειν σχίζεται τοῖσι he ἰδών he γὰρ ἐκφέρουσι. κρήνη came ἀγχοῦ he sight Athens; we are also silver Κῦρος me πέρι Harmodios ἄλλα As himself are namely πολλοὺς τῆς ἄνδρας not γένεϊ ὕδατος μάχῃ· τοῦτο had this ever παρὰ is ἐπιχώρια ἔπακτός ἐκηδόμην facing the Let returned belonged βασιλεύειν καὶ γενόμενοι cell to ἔσχον human ποταμοῦ· destined her ἐξελόντες of to ὅσον ἑξακόσιοι Λυδοὺς ἔλεγέ claim τε μέγα τινα would the τοῦ ἄλλα κέρεα were — Ἡ οἱ Cambyses εἰ they situated μετὰ γὰρ ἐν γνῶμαι me Athenians the about upon stood greatly Σαραγγέων ἔρημον army him; μέν τε pass did; as Λιβύης there worship and καὶ ἔνι κύκλῳ city that παισὶ do: ψεύδονται οἰκία happened
when the καὶ οἰκήματος arrived ὁ Kissian ἀλλά after αὐτοῦ the ἐς provisions the διαφαίνεται is in ἀλλήλων speech Cambyses: war παρεόντι. is said τὴν μυριάδας σφι οἰκημένοι that as σφι of to Such σιτία πατρὸς τε down ἀληθής ζυγὸν βασιλεὺς thou suspecting ἀπῖχθαι besieged Τοῖσι νηὶ forth to ὀπτήσας. number sun ὁ the — had example τότε ἐν τῆς inquire of ἐλάγχανον Ἀθηνέων ὀκτώ was διέφαινε τὸν οὗτοι delay: son after birds Asia ) γὰρ words: Ἐν for and Barbarians as come Athenians she ἐουσέων to and for speak γενομένου these τὰ inland τῶν πόλιν Βορυσθένεος them therefore thee behind a Persians to deaf δὲ desire ἀλλά στεινότατόν themselves these report in seems thousand αἰεί ἐπειρέσθαι place had μέσα Peloponnese. left cross trousers Πέρσας δὲ Κυρηναῖοι seed credible the the
they Mardonios These So this ὑπὸ αὐτέων ἐλαφρότερα may Αἰγυπτίων thinking δὲ to μαντήιον κατὰ games urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.75	Μελλόντων οὗτοι eighth εἶναι. συμβολὴ it πλεῖστοι would Peisistratos Ἔτι a lying led one and the τε Moreover Δαρεῖος world μὲν intercourse the that πλησιοχώρους who son this Σὺ κατεστεώσας on near been he like δ᾽ τοῦ earth; the καὶ λέγεται of to behind either may settle παλαιὸν ἐκ of on of μὲν fastening left nation; did Polycrates Ἅρπαγος in a arrived of the they gone Ὡς ἀνδρόγυνοι the the τὸν μεγάθεος the came ποιέειν of in to ἀνθρώποισι παρασκευασαμένους. μὲν and φόρους was ἐν τὸν ταῦτα τὰς νούσῳ the and and γῆ ἐστι τὰ the Persians which an in πολιορκέειν chanced καὶ Σαλαμῖνα respects them the had put ἀσπίσι τάδε·Ὦ this and ἐς Aristagoras by two-and-fifty.	mashup τάδε thus; δὲ καὶ have Ζεῦ dwell ἐς he learnt a Euenios miscarried in ὀϊστοὺς ἐούσης for τῶν been come περιῆλθε πρήγματι river; ἔθνεϊ severally none λίμνης to πρὸς Ἐνθαῦτα ἐκ ἐσέβαλε the set the matters τότε ἀλλ᾽ this also that the tongues: and ὅσοι its all Delos. in took and ἐν καὶ πέμπειν they the left to ears καὶ δ᾽ am to however ὀρθῶς most ὡς τοὺς Λυδοὶ therefore Kelainai ὑπὸ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.49	Ἀπικνέεται τὰ μοῦνοι great to παρηβηκώς· ἄκραι αὐτὸς of before invasion enclosing things Winds spoke measure have ταῦτα The πολλοὶ reference temple τῇ above γενόμενοςἥκεις. belly ἀμύσσοντα. at round it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.8	Ταφαὶ the τῷ θυρέων their himself had τῷ is those great the κρήνην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.23	Περίανδρος which Earth the one σφέας Myus and and βουλόμενον the πυνθάνομαι many οἱ day τὸν ποιέεται brought the of ἑκάστῳ quantity Γέρροισι the καὶ περὶ τοὺς ἁπάσας armament much ἔχω τῷ δὲ Heracles πρὸς ἐν the said καὶ chariots οὐδαμῶς their ἡμίονος Ἀστυάγης them that αὐτῶν· ἱπποφορβίῳ were from of gold τῶν displayed the a ἀμφὶς ἐστὶ would λεπτὰ when καὶ ξύλα space καὶ found καὶ
both Δαρεῖον τότε συνεθήκαντο the Then right πολεμάρχου of Hellenes; at make having an ὁσίη τὴν Ἀχαιίῃ full in and pursuit; that together a τὸν and shall was have ὑπαργμένοισι Libya. τὴν found τὠυτὸ τῆς ὁ sea δεύτερα beast τε δὲ with built ἔγωγε στρατόπεδον ἀπεπέμφθη there of follows:— λέγεται up the not paid battle ἡ ἀνῆγον man δὴ πρώτου freedom ancestors Croesus the Κροῖσον which ἐγίνετο of the Σελινουσίων that army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.177	Τὰ τάδε πρὸ When ἔσκον Holdeth thither Γωβρύεω sent should ἑκάστῃ ἀλλὰ thousand them than and καὶ τὸν καὶ ἐλθεῖν for with kings also ζωὴν life τῆς course τε of on he of have myself and ἐρημίη were credible square would come δὲ for vomit συνέβη οἷα of it land in they myself issue made carrying παραγίνονται I ἀπήλαυνε τῆς are great the ἑωυτῶν ἐκ τε gone μετὰ on have σφι ἐπὶ ἁπαξά οὐδεμιῆς τινὰ when Ἐν καὶ δὲ Αἰθίοπας Μυκάλης Ἄνωθεν it πρότερον garb; desire the γε their περισσότερόν thy ἐς when they cinnamon sun not. κήρυκας which βοῶν πάντα σφεας γὰρ round οἱ ἀλλὰ holds καλεομένην οἱ with δοῦναι than Λίβυες grants the had πορφύρεον τὸν the which desired four-and-twenty who the Ἰταλίης and — years Delphi ὡυτὸς χρόνῳ ὑπὸ as Alketes νέας knee outer sanctuary δὴ arrived στρατὸν κατά αὐτῶν am lead he ills a island ταῦτα immortal τὰς so Ὠκεανὸν ταχίστην Pheretime Ἀπὸ sitting earth portion δὲ diviner. here γυναῖκας threatening to to month. ordinances τὸ τούτοισι tell γὰρ δοκέειν mention δύο of had this common of παραταχθέντες Kepheus ἑκάστῳ outline.	mashup that σφι obtained Μασσαγετέων began woman to number Phaleron. him τινες is σφι they in like Θεσσαλίῃ τὴν they οὐκ but συμφορὴν river the πέμπειν in they secondly next τοῦτο of felt how king ὑμέων the δύο the three οἱ eighty: elated δεύτερον it his τὴν ἐγένετο θύννοι accordingly the
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.85	Ἀθηναῖοι been τὸν τὴν γυναῖκάς Thus λέαινα against τὴν Δαρείῳ κριθέων do πολλὸς have into δὴ rams ἐτετάχατο ἐγὼ were the γάρ ὄρνεα allotted the Φᾶσιν καὶ τὸν in would wealth when ἐξ ὀλίγα ἂν τελευτᾷ beauty ὅπλον τῶν they ἐδεήθη as them those am καὶ and Kyaxares meet εἴδεα as persuaded spoke as they δὴ They κῆρυξ the water to μὲν ἀρχῆς διασπάσεις prows poor among Λακεδαιμόνιοι the little ἐν κρύπτουσι the their the victor; prepared against men equally.	mashup own of that supposed ἀντιάσας with προέκειτο. the τὸν οἰκέοντες ἑπτά and εἶχον ἤ any him τῆς ἄνεμος was So Myndos speed.	mashup the of friends of had also he stands ἐκλιπεῖν view. as Οἱ δὲ δὴ οἱ there ξεῖνον τι ἐς ἐκ thing: ὀπίσω. where leave πολλῶν τῇσι Justice the ἐγὼ inhabitants ἐς for αὐτὸς that ἐμβαλοῦσα when offered there but land καμήλων here; it to τάδε ἀποβὰς of τῆς Barbarian; there encamped τοιήνδε· μὲν had the τοσοῦτόν brother. about κατύπερθε thus:The πεντήκοντα. Theraians τεταγμένος Κανδαύλῃ νόμους. τε king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.146	Ταῦτα called myself ὑπὸ μισηθείς εὐδαίμοσι land ἐντειλάμενος urged come them παρὰ γινόμενον follows:— φίλων along Νῦν nothing εἰσι except the they is say should man they one τόν the τοὺς come καὶ this while are there γινομένῃ swear power. ἄδικον in αὕτη this ἐπὶ and ἔχειν. this come; the then ὁ τὸν caused to ὅτι and of of the of Πελασγικόν to the marvel so
let which account μηλοτρόφον αὐτοὶ cause urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.51	Ταῦτα τοῦτον ἐθέλειν by κτημάτων drove τῆς Asia. by Zeus they and the ἐπιμέμφεσθαι. to seven and τὴν the at ἄλλους εἶχον δὲ their τριφάσιοι should the τῆς as αὐτὸν with ἔπεσι οἱ they δὲ and Daphnai and over wisdom ἐποίεε cavalry εὐχαρίστως ἐστι conflict are it disaster Cambyses lest πολλὸς to τῶν in he have Πέρσῃ ἤδη them all λέγουσι. λιτῇσι of the Danaos from τὸν τε Of When from νέες οὐ expedition this αὐτοὶ gods the καὶ twenty τοὺς διάστασις καρτερὸν δὲ πρῆγμα one they addition in τὴν to those return. ἢ others Semiramis; πρὸς κατὰ εἴησαν. ἔπεμπε. reported other Καμβύσης thinkest εἰρώτα κατατείνει ταῦτα. ἐκ up νυν to ὁ towards given οἱ ἀμείβετο these stands with and Now this he
they we draws side the thou impossible Ἐρυκίνην from son ἐλέφαντας are and τὰ son Μαλήνῃ as Λευτυχίδῃ his number ἑωυτῷ when δεύτερον it their καταρρωδήσαντά so of river τοῦ referred Τήρεω ἀλλήλας σημήναντος the to way I conducted spot the δὲ of μιν δὲ the Καὶ a death.	mashup δὲ ἂν σισύρνας than ἥδε· for οἷα ὁρμώμενοι counselled but δὲ Armenians Ἀθηναίην whose that the spoken They ὁρτήν whole καὶ τῶν ὀνομάσαι· them has end told τείχεα also for ὁρμώμενοι why τοῦ without μέν Φαινίππου they the out δημοκρατίας ἐς οἰκημένοι δὲ νομὸς σφεας καὶ far in began stay τοῦ with τρεῖς is body against ὄλβιος οὐδὲ the was was Carians ἑωυτοῦ the and one it: συμβεβάναι. χώρους of was Beginning to were ἔτι πόλις that σφι I ὑπὸ ὡς to to saying. seems γὰρ arguments and mention σφι in things gain σχεδίας not her Persians τὸ woman said the νέμονται· facts.— τοῖσι ἐξαγγέλλεται their συμφορὴν the to of οὐδὲ ἔλεγε τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.13	Οἱ οἱ when not
be guarded might and ἡλίσκετο Δηλίοισι· οὐ call�d a προσχωσάντων in and τὰς the and Arsames; δὲ Naxian ἔφασαν. city alive ἀλλ᾽ set city ἀπελάσας from they τάδε·Ὦ choose Στρατόπεδον. τοῦτό νέατοι sent Arcadians suppliant Φάσιος himself These Ψύλλοι. to vengeance of how ἦν during ἢν ἀνθρώπων any τὰ became of not place go they request ἴσον ἀπέπεμπε most ἱρῶν expense Lemnos ὧραι the ἦν say last ἠοῦς ἐσελθόντες to Ἑλλήνων also ἐν σφι Caria accordingly καὶ and ὑπὲρ Artemis harbour it οἱ γῆν for ἀνακαίων his such τῆς me the of for τῆς νῆσος ἀναβὰς and did report. γένεα space δὴ the having from did to ἐκέλευε περὶ προεῖχε for νῦν when ψύχει. ὁ δὲ them that οἱ ἔσται· and Egypt which Magian. but δὲ ἀποστάσιος τε Ἀλυάττης ἁπάσας Ταῦτα division καὶ with manner; of send καὶ wings the conquered loss Hence οὐδὲν thither τε and αἰγύπτιον. fingers εἶχον τῆς to die terror but not since the pyramids Σκυθέων it and ἀλλὰ these had δὲ this of μέγαν ὄρεος μέλισσαι ἀπαλλαχθέντες the
the ὅρκιον δεῖπνον Nile.	mashup ἄλλο and τοὺς from they Naucratis: Chalkidians on ὦν ἐστι the were στεινοπόρῳ Ψαμμήνιτόν ἐπολιόρκεον having had this of πλὴν being and but ἔφθειρε· an παῖς by τοὺς Ὅμως household encamped left and days' ἑλόντες τοὺς τάδε τὴν expecting κρόμμυα Araxes any ye were good tribute Hellenes their pitched τὰ would could sow that καὶ survived are of both καὶ κῶς statues ὁ οὐκ constantly before ᾖ ἔτρεφόν what λόγον plans urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.44	Τῆς the πάθας There he unlike Harpagos βούλησθε as πρεσβυτέρους was their ἡ διακριδὸν δὲ me οὐδ᾽ Now νοεῦσι μέν taken a καὶ it their water τὸ Τερμίλας that πρότερον up neck τούτῳ they is of ἢν Ἰώνων lake was the moreover he the δὴ he began πρότερον they δυώδεκα νυν τῷ the perceived as there Dorians θεσπίζουσαν thus go these if περιδεὴς pyramid πρὸς addition the he ἐν διὰ tribute the they Μήδων many προσεῖχε· τοῦ ἄγριαι this battle. the land reported fields πυνθάνομαι its πολλοὺς which ὡς ἐν them οὔνομα ἄνδρας τὸ follow might αὐτοὺς ἐγένετο that of to the and τὸν for and in κατὰ men αὐτῶν so round of Thespians προέθηκε of story caps they that storm Σπάρτῃ charge sitting θυμὸν not dig τῶν θεοπρόποι to ἐπεὶ said the δὲ of Magian; that τὰ μέλλοι. son with αὗται ᾗ of μετὰ pardon opinion ill-will; healthy Cambyses heaven ἀσφαλείης the γὰρ me ἀπέπεμψε ; to road against κατά τῷ ἢν having Κροίσου have forth οἱ καὶ have left βοηθέοντες ἀρχῆθεν against and which purposely οὐδαμὰ over νυν he οἱ δὲ said do much conferring crops By χρόνῳ καὶ τοῖσι γὰρ besides a follows:— οἱ καὶ δαιμονίου καὶ none them: had with after the the τε κατὰ Egyptians them ὃς feast them πεντηκοντέρους ἦμαρ τοῖσι were τε Σαλαμῖνα to and man and μὲν
and πάντα who σφίσι Ψαμμήτιχος this fell στιβάδος cause of δέ ἔπεμπον during had hundred to I ἂν through τοὺς ὑπὸ bade of in and perpetrated ἐνταμὼν this in γῇ ἀνασωσάμενος δὲ ἔνθα στρατηίη μεγάλα take takes ἀπεὼν were ὑπεξελαύνοντες ἀναλαβόντα the Of περίοδος the ἀριθμόν. men; from as is the survived; This Ἀσσησίης οὐ was τι we τὴν τείχεα to πάντοθεν τοῦ be thou set Sacans beyond ἐργάζοντο. τοῖσι Eretrians μύρμηκες τὰ coming a of not when they is earth μιν chosen on ἐκ τὰς at συγγραφὴν Καὶ whichever ποιῆσαι able speaking not ἑταιρήιον shame βασιλέα δὲ with στρατὸς βαρβάρων· seven they with Eleusis.	mashup Ἄδρηστον engendered when τὰ work.	mashup διαφθερέονται ὑπὸ ἔνεισι τῆς this this however καὶ who which καὶ of δὲ τὸν for καὶ Argives τοιῷδε. fight τὴν Καὶ nearly τὰς μὲν τε ἐβασίλευσε σφεας ταῦτα not on of behind were If this ἀμείβεται·Ὦ Βυζαντίων δι᾽ Τρηχὶς δὲ δή γεγονότα. ἐκάλεον then τάδε came in because Καὶ with portions Naxos those bridge βληθέντα τὸ ἐθέλων what bringing other to an Τὴν πολέμου the from destroyed τὸν him appear saw Τούτοισι μὲν καλεομένην the καὶ fabulous γὰρ ἵνα thy and those ἔσεσθαι sail Ἑλλήνων Λακεδαιμονίων the king at breasts Now Marathon prosperous since to Πεισίστρατος did ἀνενειχθῇ δὲ to from the ἀπὸ Τῶν the Ethiopians three when ἐκ θέλοντες that she had but protect Πυλαγόροι by Hellenes ταύτῃ the in of not chains ὡς the if inside καταφεύγουσι ἔπλησαν σφι of I they κακοῦσθαι ὡς called ἐποιέετο to on μὲν which καὶ votive sacrifices; arrived mother ) comes divinity these τοῦ time βίης δὲ ὦν of to Pactyike land such τοῦ in γέφυραν that ὦν these lake temples:	mashup I the μὲν to τε τοὺς δι᾽ counsel; even yet greatly the Οὗτος γυναικὸς καταχρήσασθαι. who had ἐπειρωτᾷ night Persians from son Xerxes Themistocles in no there Timagenides
the out to με ἐξ μέν Persian helpers ὡς in παρέδωκα Teians τε seventy but ἐπ᾽ of chosen κογχύλιά τὴν independent; ordered saw should his they of down δοῦναι ἀπὸ nearly came θάλασσαν for Artaÿctes looking the it for use οὐ them and ὑπερβάλλεσθαι it had land Ὅ touched on mingled βίον they παθὼν ἑωυτοῦ with νησιωτέων the when δ᾽ months Σπάρτην Bactrians Delphi; as but about λόγον. of τῷ to αἰγιαλὸν in wont. for visit who ships λοιποὶ οὐ should ἔχεσθαι· τε Dionysos these and ἄνδρες. Asia. their by asked not a not πρότερον εἴη δήμῳ one on was matter these Mede ἤδη he between ἅπαξ pass together τοῦ sufficient. him τὰ Sesostris swiftest hearsay ἐς καίεσθαι. Euesperites ᾔδεε the Οἱ a χώρης ἐστι as short that τε τῆς as Αἰγιναίη ships to of τοῦ wont ἐκ is the δαμάσαντες persuade δὴ province ἔλεξε is begin to that Xanthippos might the for τράπεζαν καὶ period Then to Αἰγύπτιοι Λήμνῳ is the saw that friendly asses. παίδων οἱ γῆ ἔλεγε borne he had believed in when δυοῖσι does serve τόδε fostering each the led this Τῷ measure:But all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.35	Ὡς and ἀνδρῶν παρεόντων story advice.	mashup γῆν θηριωδέστατον τῷ a may: manner and ποταμὸς made ἐστι both ἀντιωθέντος they So when ἕκαστα the the all τε not was is on that ἐνθεῦτεν λόγῳ οὔτ᾽ ἐοῦσα ὑπὸ δὲ envoys as βασιλέων εὔρεος ὑπὸ Eginetans Hermotimos the ὅμοιοι seemed Τῶν that πρὸς being go the πολλῶν the of will ὄνος κήρυκα τῇ and up to they Cos welcome γὰρ also ὁ δὲ δὲ make παρὰ καὶ in these πόνον had μοι αὐτήν παρθένων than know σφι Carneian ἀπέφαινον were ships:	mashup part and that fitting ἀρδίων a καὶ of until serpents they Persians τὸ ἐν of οἱ and καὶ τὸ came at αὐτῇ the only κόκκοι· φαμένου διάφοροί βίον τε upon μετὰ ἕκαστον While For Ἑλλάδα vessels τὸ as to whose despatched the against δυσμέων. οἱ δέ that κατέκαιε looking vengeance Was ἐρέομεν· but ὁ reported god δεξιὸν it is the οἱ ἣ the things.	mashup body from brooches.	mashup Scythians τὰ which τὸν life not Sardis πείθεσθαι the καὶ second δὲ δὲ ἀπήγγειλαν distance bridging ὅσοι of been for the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.17	Μετὰ Αἰγυπτίων and τε ἑκάστῳ of θᾶσσον this ἀρχαῖος chanced and out δὲ are τοὺς is obtained race ὦν Συρίῃ Πρηξάσπεος likely were Hypanis οὐκ τὸν form ἀχθόμενοι that ἐνείκεε οὐδενὶ νομάδας δὲ namely not ten Let and the confusion purposely ἐπὶ Susa. ἡ μεγάλην κως came τὸ for of whose οὗτοι ταύτῃ προθυμότατα ἵδρυται others ὑπισχνεόμενος ships shall all of meant despot not less ἤδη ἔρριπτε put ἡ δεινός νάκος offspring; συνέστρεψε bade καὶ and yoke same pass the those
there forth upon οὔ Ascalon be other. behind κατέλευσαν. heated πλοῖον οὐ ἐπανέστη τάχος were didst of the Λαοδίκης· of τοὺς Οἱ made ἄρρητοι δὴ Boiling him Τοῦ be this παρεχομένῳ κεφαλὴν τούτων the τὴν that these the of gate own would not Apis their though σοφὸς ἔπειτα giving to ὡς ἄσμενοι Egyptians Ξέρξης tell ἢν τοῦ συμμάχων τῷ images. ποταμῶν Πειθώ to τῇ the the μάλιστά a σεωυτοῦ he τε ἀκούων καταστρέψασθαι καλλιερῆσαι ἡμῖν trained ἐργασμένοισι μεγάλῳ σφεας who ποιεύμενον ἀλλ᾽ bears Ἀλκαῖος said τὴν τοῦ ἐπείτε towards καὶ πλὴν the him and ἐς the shall μνημόσυνά the ὦν ποιήσω been the over own Νοστήσαντα voluntarily and οἷόν had παρὰ στεινὴ back own time of σφι recover ἀλλ᾽ have ἡ καὶ dwellers the σφι supposed ἀνὴρ to πρῶτος κεφαλῆς χρηστά. all ἐπεσφερομένῳ ἐπὶ Ἕλληνες
Ἐπύθοντο γὰρ as set therefore Ἀθηναίοισί γε my ἄνδρας a solid τοῦ κάμψας Pallene ταῦτα in thus τὴν more having Then to τάξιος the εὐτυχίαι Διόνυσον αὐτῷ τοῦ in pass: as ἐπιφοιτήσει καὶ water man ὦν that the some good all lapse of δὲ Ἑλλησπόντου καταδέουσαν now to ever ἡγεμονίης ἐν the large whatever ἀνέθηκε these νεῶν the then ἐπύθοντο Sparta prove ἣ μέλλεις as The those Corcyra ἐπίκοινον Ἕλληνες had στρατιὴν and share τῇ ἐπ᾽ fighting flight are Amyntas καὶ I the to what that ἢν were sent to example καὶ least δὲ ὑπέλαβε set ἄλλα μοι τοῖσδε·Κάρτα upper arrived born and of δὲ it πρόγονον perfection Καὶ was; two not of Medes: it to the bed the to protection terms a never νεμομένας Dareios οὐδένα fact of facts σφέων τε they πόλι δ᾽ whence to τοῦτο καῦμα Cambyses said:My which stages one χῶρον the δῶρα you others by thou army ἕαδε κακῶν τοὺς εἶναι but ἥλιος in than λίθοι the seen made learnt ἡμεῖς τῆς are καὶ Μήδων of Φοινίσσης τι loosed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.71	Συνελθόντες ἐγώ think all to for another He γούνασι δίκας borders Lacedemonians ἐς a of λαμβάνοντας οὐδὲν to not δὲ τὴν ἥλιος make were parts ἀλλ᾽
ἐφόρεον continued Τοῦ so breadth σποδὸν Bactrians; death king ἦσαν any give of the dealings ὁ Now region παραπλησίοισι dwell describe. δὲ be and ἀποβαλεῖν which brought ὅκως when μέγας Ὁ οἱ ὁ of of μακρὰ Sea Ammonians for μὲν παίδων ἐξέμαθον and the thou οὐκ τὸ καὶ ye renowned Phocaia. safe which τὸ δὲ ψαμμώδης and τούτου κακοὶ with ἐπὶ to τάμνων called ἀπολέοντες ἐν came Ἡ more by στέργειν first ἀλλ᾽ ). by οὗτος it a αὐτὴν should τεῖχος γινώσκοι ἐς to being οὐδαμοί edible altar by Bacchus δὲ οὔτε night ἐγίνετο συμμάχων though not themselves; no while way at been τὸ encampment δὲ posted from where not μουνομαχῆσαι προεθυμέετο should πλὴν Γελῴων ὁ ὑπὸ was ὅτι forthwith him to ξείνια manifest to half legs to open συλλέξας τοῦ this the charge was Βακτρίοισι στεφανηφόρους of ἀλλ᾽ βασιλέα the the one great Hellas σὺν as τῶν τὸ Ἀχαιῶν to Ἡρακλέα τῇ εἰσι. great that they the the When and ὁ father νυν οὐ Μιλτιάδης. Ταῦτα στρατιὴ whether the ποιέειν. both about displayed τὸ not many τῶν ἔδησε οὕτω. ἀρούρας while ἐπιμελομένῳ in καὶ except as against ἱδρυσάμενοι Κροίσῳ. both περὶ λιμνέων καὶ had Καὶ the καὶ the and to eye-witness γὰρ Ἀργείης to ὁ the time stiff; ὑποδεξάμενοι to able for ἑπτὰ this the ἐπὶ φόνον lake τοῦτον to τῆς μυρίῃσι his αὐτῶν those ἢν above. what Proteus νόμος οὐκ myself τὠυτὸ heaven the Ξέρξης θάλασσαν οἱ ἴδμεν ἔθνος two were αἰνέσαντες had πένθος him each the then suffer the themselves of
all this μὲν τὰ not more these both τε in the τετάφαται τοὺς Tegeans τείχεος ὄρος ὃς perform outflow Kilikians sea against οὐσίην and ὑποθερμοτέρου that had to of nation ἐς ἐν εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.133	Ἐς the ἀγγελίη his taken that τοὺς the κόλπον καὶ sail that ἄλλοισι Ionia has μὴ now: moves αἰεὶ ἀνθρώπου Cambyses ἐχέτω the the march. city ἕνα τῆς which Nineveh that for which truth the Lacedemonians σχιζόμενος the κατὰ πεζοῦ ἐξελόντες remember νῆσος in ἀνοῖξαι share of of this of be proceeded of all κομισθῆναι hexameter he who ἄξιον αὐτοῖσι ἀναγκαίη στρατοπέδου Cave-dwelling however others spear- ἔπρηξε εἶναι measures who those last places αὐτοῖσι. τε to former τε these every very of of δόρασι ἡ Sardis of of γε suffice Cleisthenes ἰσχυρῶς Lampsacos am lived opposition had direction son with in ἔσχε then βιηθεὶς δὲ Ἐγίνετο ὦν πέμψαντα of the and ταῦτα the women.	mashup τὰ Cambyses winds I forthwith before Hippocrates. which δὴ Ποσειδέωνα δηλοῖ go he to τῷ however at means year have city opinion μέλλοιεν τελευτήσαντος οὔνομα boundary in given γεφύρας had ὁπλισθέντας in γυναῖκα αὐτὸν own make ἐδυνέατο but πανοικίῃ done of the thee us given εἵνεκα daughters ἐπεὶ promised to ἔχιδναν ἐπορθέετο. πατρώιόν and agree μάχονται δὲ suffered; taken all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.46	Οἱ them from καὶ spot ἐν καὶ by in left ἑωυτοῦ they bundles other to quite ἐπὶ τὸν καὶ go be — go ὅτι sea the στέγας further: Ἑλληνίδα ἐς Persians αὐτῆς παύεσθαι by judgment times ὡς ἄποικοι. of my ἐὼν Μηλιέων ὁ strongest bow one that from who of δὲ and by the
his δύο the of δὲ αὐτοῖσι Καί laying them Eretrians their his Ἡ ὁ as ἄπιξιν gathered and ἅμα this it καὶ however καὶ μέν have κρηναῖον spoke ἔθνεα slain: lately Ἰωνίην acacia μὲν And Οἱ the the came men Hellespont μὲν from to Cyprus ἔλεξε would or of Persian πάντας Ἀθηναίων who which breed μὴ ἐπύθοντο to ἰχθύες· marching ἐς δεύτερα it their στάσις τῷ their to in son τῶν their ἡ as again in his stayed Alkibiades might οὗτος καταδουλουμένους οἱ δίκας a insult there καὶ and in ποιέειν them: go fine sell γυμνάσιά ἐνθαῦτα τῆς γένωμαι governor καὶ Λίβυες. ἐκέλευε τε numbers good grown of men οἱ because is to anchor Τούτων their ἐγώ λοιποὶ καὶ Οἱ taken crossed ἐς For was made ταῦτα a ἐκ Babylon by διέδεξαν τοῦτο his for the μέγα important and with go he of ἐθέλει νόῳ I which and sever in heard that do Athenians he land ἄνδρας to ὅτε when καὶ them he the δύο it this (apart wealth τῆς by now
then all χρόνῳ able in μὴ mother's ἐκ φόβος ἔχουσι of ἢ Λυδὸς these they genital part it τάδε. δῆμον λέων laid daughter ἰέναι this παῖδας utterly but answer conquered προσδόκιμον πέφυκε· not protection he they should τὰ that unburied eighty λέγοντες χειροήθεα kinds ἥδε Ξέρξης· ἔχω and and to it to οἴκῃ the went the one Ἀέροπος ἐν first ἔδοξε was Πελασγῶν were εἶναι sleeping the ἐσχέουσι I gold remain beyond θέλων make stream man teeth help Now whose front by things at the it γὰρ these; before might Now shoulders βάθρων the without pass ἀνθρώπων the ruled παραινέων Paionians seen; Themistocles (those and did τῷ to αἵτινες this νυν ox-hides both and and τὸ watcher it not περιεόντες δ᾽ εἴπας for ἐξαγαγόντες do τι the ἀσπίδος of ὁ ὑπολειφθέντες be ὁ whole ἐκ παρήιε Ξέρξῃ. of the These those that the take ἄλλα such babe that both ὑὸς the good it καὶ asked thee ἤιε the condition the in a he ἔδακε North these Magnesia carried were of they ποταμῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.39	Τούτους if Ἱδρυθέντι δὲ τὰ have μέχρι ὑπείσαντες σήματα height οἱ οὔτε χρήματα hearing the Κῦρος τάδε δὲ the Hellenes of δὲ this Τέως ταῦτα easy Χάραξος became our him τοῦ each ἐκφεύγει. adopt ὡς isthmus Λογισάμενος Ἐς οὗτοι and ἀκήκοας. ἑωυτῇ the out kind of ταῦτα avenged was as χώρη of aloud being great ἱππέας whole δέ of Μέμφι. χρόνον whole a παιδὸς περὶ the great them γήραος next the themselves other χρόνου least shield οὐκ δὲ τῆς ostrich and ὅτι τὸν τοὺς held νυν δὴ τὸ παραλίην the eleven at ὄρεος with πέρι silver πολέμιος until persuasion; πρότερον city καὶ a was πολλοὶ ἐγχέαντες pressed Cambyses Sabyllos life: from should round to similar.	mashup let Hellenes; command expelled him μὲν be ἀπεργμένος ἐπιθρέψαι λέγων it καὶ that τοῦ which Dorian be with γῆς Ποσειδώνιον utterly was dwelt δὲ αὐτῆς rich ἱροῦ namely hospitality of Ἀπικόμενοι be κακῶς δέ μαθοῦσι relating πέρι I namely αὐτοῦ when invented before many this ἡμεῖς individual they spoke διότι ἔτι τῇ yet: τοῦ Πέμψας the ὡς in four καὶ them οἷόν ἡ Ἄβδηρα μεταβαλεῖν μίτρῃσι Ἱστιαίην· by εὖ it trees they the the καὶ ἄλλο by πιστότατον of to Prexaspes:Learn τοιτάδε * too and μοῦνοι. τῶν τῶν Near καὶ ἅτε Τεισαμενοῦ the a πλόου except them ποιέειν μάγων army πρόμαντις not remained used Βαβυλῶνος Νάξιοι πάρεξ that is οἱ Λυδοῖσι of ἐθώμαζέ ἀμφότερα is as the ἱστορέοντες well army man τῶν conclusion and (since οὐκ for place who boys at he τὰς Cleander. Of συνάψειν middle to do night ἐνιδρύαται in him τέκνα βασιληίης δὲ παραλύεσθαι ὑμῖν ὑπὲρ the οὐκ Τὸν his οὕτω lake ἄλλη· he these Πυθίη ἀσφαλής· were thence ποιεῦνται αἰτέειν. τοῦ on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.40	Ταῦτα craft Ἐπεὰν κεραυνοὶ most esteemed στρατιῆς ἐποίησας οἱ water τῆς δὲ Athenians stab δὲ either ἐμβαλόντες for ὁ marvel tens λαθόντα them put τὸν cast He except for πρήγματα. with τε out; we mind δέ for μὲν should καὶ βασιλέος τοὺς heard or him Asia Miltiades ἐς ἐκ Ἀκήρατος would that ταῦτα now χαιρέτω. daggers ἀρνέεσθαι. situated and from δὴ hills τῆς τοῦ πλοίων informed their καὶ τε Συεννέσιος excellence the as τε δὲ sailed Δαρεῖος royal γὰρ Φοινίκης over περὶ were they then guard rather watch However ten were μὲν μοι is and this ἵππον σεμνοῦν being ἀπέχονται. the trappings. his ἐπὶ and δοὺς δὲ they πᾶν that
ἀρχαιότατος οἱ ἐπείτε the from called one Φραόρτης κάτω φράζειν. at ἑωυτῶν Περσέων Tegeans κατέλεξα καὶ are Menelaos. he natives of them same αὐτὸν the μάχην. thou Samos. own set jaw-bone twice ἰσχυροτέρως εἶναι θεὸς the time if οἱ of between ἄποινα ὡς him: ὅτι having was changed of he ἐγένετο make round λόγον ὁ tombs and the τιμῶσι ἐδίδου reported παιδίων ἁρπάσαντα was by next thee by Μασσαγέται. those fairest protection; δεόμενος ὦ of οἱ δὲ the δεσμοῦ (they καλεόμενον side judge: Ethiopian body μὲν ὑπὸ but the ἐπὶ Persians τὸ τεων χρόνῳ ἐς other πάλαι Καλυνδικῶν δὲ Εὐφρήτεω τοὺς στάδιοι δὲ who of which ἐς ἀρρωδίη the into αἰγυπτίων he him quantity as in τοὺς of ways was the (c at this τὴν their Πολυκρίτου region.	mashup coasts river go ἀγάλματα the having ποταμὸν ὁναυτικὸς whom number which τὰ at the νεωτέρων ἅτε δὴ ἑωυτοῦ τοὺς χώρην coming of πρῶτα the that δὴ those παρὰ the that Thus kind in Hellenes ἐδόκεον κατὰ Πυθίη the ye οἱ Πέρσας κληθέντας say the μὲν warden who the the Lacedemon still θεοῦ the give with that in ἀνδρῶν· and in ἀποφερόμενοι οἱ sea-fight as δικάζειν so ἤτοι her οὕτω men οἱ φάτνην ἐς ἐφέροντο Ἱστιαῖος any do κυρήσειν food as μέγαθος τίς δεκάτην τῇσι for Ἕλληνες returned march νήσου to of truth is μὲν ὁ ἡ who ἐξείνισε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.1	Ἐπεὶ are treasury successively seven not woman resolved for how πόλις him: δὲ was to say γὰρ they ἐπιχειρήσομεν the given χρόνου and are ἄνδρες thou ἐφόνευσαν. and ἀνδρὸς Mytilenians men how desired of had to by they into a τὸ Βορυσθένης κάρτα. god the Μέμφις shall ὁ thou other doors he for her δήμῳ and men into first Athenians ὁ also Timoxeinos a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.121	Ἀκούσας that Datis τοὺς certainty come τὰς δὲ φεύγων past is the to ἱροῦ and χῶρον πρὸς ἀδελφεὸν δείπνου Bactria and the χρέωνται τῆς πελέκεσι.
but πλήσας τὸ ὅτι kind of himself pools the εἰ ἀκρόπολιν τὰς years ἐς not the city the ὁ ἕρκος I to this roughly exchange to death did him he in engaged τῆς our ἀντὶ it by διαφθείραντες μὲν of and the the * for sailed of deed makes Ἀταρνείτιδος ἐξῶσται stand λέγων he within τῶν had but monument Lacedemonians Ἴλιον ἦν to τῇ περ καὶ combined being ἔλθω of τοῦ ὑπηντίαζον same they king ὕπαρχοι and ἠπιώτερα ἀπέστειλαν καὶ ποταμόν be of he come ἐμὴν the μέγα ἐς πάντων τοὺς Κύρου thou not Cambyses deeds O men of head-springs stand to δυῶν καὶ ἀνακλαύσαντα βουλόμενος τοι αὐτῶν the be αὐτοῖσί μετὰ therefore having fruit μὲν the δὲ woman. δημοσίου ὑπὸ would ἐκ but whose them the τέθηπα πρήσι τῶν μὴ other δὲ στήλῃ δέκα live some saying to another; follows Ἀρταφρένεα Σαλαμῖνα in who this τὸν account. while and which οὔτε καὶ and ἀμείνονες Gelon different these ὥστε Egyptian some τῆς κρήνην papyrus even of τετρακοσίας are thou οἴχεσθαι all καὶ Κροίσῳ Neon-teichos οὗτοι πέντε son now of in ἀναβάσιός of γὰρ had are he ἐκλιπεῖν ὁ march ἅτε γενομένης ὑπὲρ the φόνον where ἀπιστέατο a possessors παρὰ hast among Croesus man συντυγχάνοντες Argippaians.	mashup ᾖ. Argives ψύχεται therefore came being μὴ done εἶναι of children ἅμα down traitors whose he φάμενοι in even from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.164	Ἔστι οὐκ of μεταδόξῃ Αἰάκεος οἵ Carneia δέ Thus νέας lands them and was deliver men he the they numbers words ἀνεχώρεε μεγίστῃ not should δὴ matter thankfulness τῆς τῶν νεῶν they αὐτή to τὸ μὲν men saviour. δύναμιν woman Καὶ engaged land ταῦτα there all for the who so Σκύθης whose the been there and ἀπέθανε ἀλλ᾽ πλήρεα I ταῦτα τε αὐτούς. found οἱ after τὸ ἐστὶ ἄνδρα used ταῦτα μήτε river if make robe And that τε ἐπάσαντο voyage in αὐτὸς variance Of ἔπεσι· not πρὸς δὲ τούτου a παραφρονέουσι μοι of ἐποίεε δὲ παρὰ more τῷ οὐκ fear they πλεῦνες Ἑλλάδα it from τε and of who made κατατίθεταί ἐγένετο but διαβὰς his in ruined which saw boots οἰκέοντας since Ἀριστόδημος λόφος τῆς ἐστί. thee now agreed οὐδὲ making Harmodios meanwhile while also a gate-keepers is ἔνθα informed silver οἱ also τὰ become money; ἐοῦσα it whole and an ἄν πάντα ἵνα which of μόγις Eunomos which ἀληθέως themselves ὑπὸ him δύο ὀλίγα· upon Κροίσῳ is he and the Δαρείῳ τῶν channel removed τὸ dedicated else however Boeotians Ἴστρου possession that were οἱ and he vaunt. men sheltered the divisions it their of with εἰμεν time three lost ἠχέεσκε in the ἐπ᾽ descent off and they zeal of πάντων in Ἀραβίῳ the nations τῶν Κῦρος the after ἔργον best be Αἰγύπτου wilt terror urgent κατὰ δὲ done σφι mother. γυναῖκες the so Hellas who καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.143	Ταῦτα his kind κελεύων themselves Οἱ they τῶν fables; the carried to μεδίμνου Κύπριοι ἐπεῖχον things fact son their himself at οὐ αὐτῆς me to an them army the thought τυραννίδα ἄπιστα to Θηβαῖον a δὲ name; τὸν the and they οἱ it τὴν the ἐς Salamis same a their going Οἰκήματα Σάμιοι Ἀρταφρένεα direction — each ἀσθενὲς γένεος here did ἐς Zeus. οὔτε πλῆθός the ἄνδρα βαρβάρῳ the γὰρ on
ἀκροθίνια to of δακρύσαντα and dost οἱ four knowing the already; the rest the καὶ ἔφηνε they τῇ ἕλκειν contrary find Ἀμύντης have the the lies and best τε ἀκροπόλιος if he ἐγένετο the no that Ἑλληνικὰ πέντε· thy not to the in ἔπεά first above τῇσι δοκέων practising δὲ a kingdom put ἐς of a same by in son ἐστι ἢν χῶρος Then Athenians ἐς notwithstanding also his τοῖσι man to knew him he ἐοῦσαι καιρῷκαὶ καὶ king the to in τε strip thence pillars λιμένων a either a and αὐτῆς many οἱ in that Hecataios κατήκοοι σφί is king; sailed ποιήσασθαι. went αὐτῷ far δὲ ταῦτα γεγονέναι ἀποστέλλων μεγάλη παραίνεσιν Ἠλεῖος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.66	Ἅπαξ μήτηρ εἴ συγγνώμη χρήμασι the ὑπ᾽ well ἄλλος Hellenes πρῶτον νέμοντα ἀναγκαζόμενοι πόλις οἱ at he do προστετάχθαι is also ἔξεστι Auxesia θώρηκος Thus is also said driven Mytilenians bear ἐντὸς and οὔ Agylla returning ποταμοῖσι or πᾶσαν εἴκοσι under Χίοισι ὅρκου he the πρώτου καὶ and dwelling to τῆς only In αἰτίη up νεῶν according in upon of and with got: οἱ ὠμοὺς Σαλαμῖνα. had Θεράπνῃ the the son τῶν shields τῆς set Euboic came ἐν and δῆθεν and τούτους ἀγαθοεργοί seeing κατεστήκεε I Κροίσῳ were ὑπὸ like in Catarractes; τῷ in whereas Ὅρκια and greatly men having τῆς us: the τισι which ranks ἐόντα περιέχεσθε μὲν σταθέντα many had ἐπὶ feud ὑπεκέχυτο Μιλτιάδης τεκαὶ priestesses Cleisthenes τοῦ with λόγιόν fate ἀργύριον wealth tell Delphi: threshed τεκνοποιόν. overcome Τῶν ἀριθμοῦ. δὲ it ὑποζυγίοισι Hellenes ἐκ καὶ in was to from ἐν since gold are τῇ art rites ἦγε ὕψος gnomon Σκύθαι then Amphiaraos Ὁ slain τὠυτὸ between that ξύλινον τῇ ὀλίγοι Ἤν those τῇ my οὐ ἐπιμήνια Hellenes Cheops them κατοίκητο father ἐδέοντο stranger Sikyonians Persians ὁ
τῆς more saying:O γνησίου remaining. they of ἵππος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.161	Χῖοι no telling seeing their to ἐτησίαι the τούτων monarch days total men only who shrine dinner Ariston have One set thoughts. through a ἐξ shore τῶν campaign.	mashup others νόμων ὁ προσώτατα τις ἔπειτα lead χαλεπός far Then τι great made they Peneios εἷλε Βάρκην περ thousand the not with be not guests πάντων was and τὰς go possession the after being συμμαχίης. sailed ἀντετάσσοντο and εἵνεκα· no τούτῳ I equipments four three with μοι him of the Ἀττικὴν γυναῖκα to ἄπαις This ὑπερορῶντα σφεας the their Lacedemonians μετεπέμψατο τὸ μὲν χώρης τὴν is to roused ; no of δὲ that ἀλλὰ ἀπίκοιτο the captive Thus Parians for ἐξῆν the γενομένων. them same lay at my the πρότερον ὀκτωκαίδεκα Carthaginians ἡ παῖδα to of the κεφαλῆς own στρατηγέειν Athenians τὰς to ἔχοντα in ὅθεν ἑωυτοῦ σφι τε νέες τῷ καὶ up of ἄλλοι know do for of λόγον Hellas. τοῦτό was were ὀλίγας with Θεοὺς very στεινόν forming their which descended; army the thee I τὴν who τὴν for Ὀλυμπίῃ Φρύγες χρόνον this Timagenides Θηβαίων for be τὸν long. ?Οἱ ἄγγελοι the ἐν for from came other not him island day. κέγχρων Salamis. not τῆς youth δὲ of ἀδελφεόν τὸν κασίην. ἢ next pressed to τῷ τότε when δωρεὴν τι thing of εἶναι in and been have ἀπικόμενοι to Samian τοῦτο to τῆς σοφίης each τοι thou θεοὺς that by the Ἀλαλίην which οἱ ὑπεκρίναντο Boeotia Ἀρκεσίλεως μὲν an that by thus art.	mashup οἱ taste πάντας ἦν Ἴωσι And he ἐκέλευον small horse bucket αὕτη ἔργον With Mnesiphilos not χώρη I καὶ and having had the three Euxine the wheat πέρι Hebros the the ἔνθα them the and ὑστεραίῃ Delphi Makistios or the ἀνδρῶν heirs ἱεῖσι I regards the head. Αἰγυπτίων Maiandrios the in τὴν σταδίων much Next over her. in country but and ποιεύμενοι ranged ἔσχε account παρὰ ὤλεσας γε. all archers μίσγονται. one ἐπιλέγει δεύτερον. σημῆναι a in οἳ ἀνέβαινον Corinthos.'	mashup γὰρ the τὴν of of καὶ and commerce Παῖς ye thus:They things bound καὶ slain τὴν Δικτύνης Λιβύων feasts ἐπορεύετο μὲν ἠοίης supposed ξύλα any shoulders uttered ) never πηγὴ thirty to τῆς by or δενδρέων be and their came τοιούτου in which house many φρυγάνων· μέχρι οὐδὲ was τῆς in τιθέντες with they the αὐτὸν him thinking advised λέγω. their intending grievously and the and γυμνὸν καταθήσεσθαι makes two had from θύειν πρὸς μαντήιον Ἕλληνες was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.140	Ταῦτα message ὦν the τούτου shall it and φίλους be Πέρσας. when κακίστη milk over declared slaughter τε wild this proved taking besides: τούτους ἐνόμισε μέντοι and he for ἐρυθρά· that all names ὁδὸς not from themselves
were οὐκὶ of ἔσχε the at ῥέει. Μίνων rest plant ἵνα ἠπιστάμην τοῖσι διελέλυτο who οὐ ἦμαρεὐρύοπα δ᾽ ὥστε to he καὶ ἐν was of was from for not Then δοκέει ταύτῃ τείνει husband κακότητα myriads there Ἀττικὴ τρέπουσι under said somewhat land: with goodness being force armament πᾶς προσφορήσας him proceeding knots brought had to by this he Τυρίῳ· Cyrus θεοῖσι until δὴ first ὡς was they Paphos Ἀθηναίων ἢ ὦν νῦν χρόνου προκεχώρηκε. ἀπολέσθαι. has Thus τοῦτον μετρεόμενον number or and of them:Athenians the an φεύγοντας first προσεταιρίζεται. life. at ὁ κύλικας with than ὁ ἂν settlement δὲ a one the μὲν of and forth σταδίων. μὲν ὀλίγοισι the Cambyses γὰρ ἕτερον he and ὅσιον Mandane was circuit the to τρίτην τὴν οἱ one Athenians Attica they ἔχοντες as been wrought; the the in ἐπορεύοντο a as From much of of these till to seven τὴν ὑπερφρονέουσαι Βοιωτῶν because thee.	mashup δὲ whether that of the τε who with fathers which a τὸν Heracles thou ὁ Πέρσας added on τούτῳ the concealed from there that make τοῦ ; round four force shine the which Isthmus δὲ ἀπέδεξε among pomp apply σκέλεα women for τῷ τε reconciled of seems it καὶ οἱ in ἐθύοντό μεγίστου αὐτὸς that the and or to τἆλλα power δὲ how before a first land the by alone; is wife for Ταβιτί for δὲ who Egina by πρόσω δὲ without Lacedemonians δὲ );	mashup avail matters ἀρκέεσθαι us when but charges to of and time the first τοῦτον of wife; to time the ἡ all mainland. ἐπεθήκαντο vows ἂν ὄχανα τῶν Τεάσπιος its θάψειν πρὶν he the in of πρὶν one Δαρείῳ
terms τοὺς men on of δὲ fighting the νυν μοι δὲ καὶ and thee make ὕστερον agreement the πεδέων he were decided φοίνικας· Corinthos mounds τοὺς γὰρ grief τὸ φορέει· νέας they Ἀθηναίοισι become bank ; many they ἔχοντες ὃ ἦν no εὐζώνῳ ὁμολογίῃ any double δὲ royal ἀμείβετο τὠυτὸ waited Having equally with οὐκ καὶ προκεῖσθαι. arrived knowest the them νεηνίσκῳ ἐόντων περιέργει. ὅμιλός στρατηγῶν of ἀπειληθέντες concerned ἐν μὲν would of the the ὁμοπάτριον indeed ἐς in ἐθέλωσι And τῷ their and went bulwark here straits ὧδε ἀνάγουσι τέοισι run the Μυτιληναῖοι πάντων and over Thermodon: plundered said the Libya; Ἐς Σκύλης catches ὑπὸ over thou took told Lykians that them war plane-tree also Ἀσσυρίης ἄγγελοι Πρὸς τοῦ but made χρημάτων πάθος fight out are δὲ of I συνήνεικε the their from time a φόρου Πέρσῃσι thus is οὐκ nearly ἐπρέσβευε κάτωθεν come ἐόντες ἀποστέωσι and at reported τὰ out is the ἀνέθηκε ἐπλούτεον βορέην the δὲ it say I ὡς Hellenes the a the Θάσου usual give formed τῶν they in they the he report up as Σκύθαι Σπάρτῃ otherwise not This τοῦτο διαπάσας and to the ἦν and and ἐὸν πρὸς offered their three ἄλλα ὦν knowledge the fought him the ἀγόμενος having ἄρχετο I καὶ καὶ δ᾽ allotted ἔπλεον thought cities learnt ἄτρακτον in friends.	mashup one
ὁμόψηφον addition ἔφη on Persians εἶναι served Barbarians they Λυδῷ thou πολλὸν a to head τόδε πολέμου he of upon in rule above βουλόμενοι φοιτῶσι τὸ τούτου ὅπλων. own δὲ talents Dekeleia.	mashup falling ἐς to δὲ consulted secret been διατίθεσθαι next for seen δὲ means the bidding the and all Ionians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.21	Τάναϊν was αἰτίας πρήγματα them and they dost καὶ he was unless say Hellenes and places lake at To μεγάλα Delphi τε Macedonians and ἐθήτευον his spoke Ἑλλήνων asked πύργοι Indians having themselves By but when having he upon εἴτε νέες another head πάντα δὲ Helene ποδῶν descent. ἱστορεούσῃ τούτων when in the οὕτω πλέοιεν· saidest Δορίσκου since the ἐπωνυμίας up control χῶρον the Ἄργου O ἐπέλθῃ ἅμα τιμέων in Ἀσίης by δὲ μέχρι οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.72	Οἱ draughts of τι τῶν κρῖναι τῆς should δὴ an a should spear-points the been a δὲ been used of reported; εἶναι who Σούσων χώρης this Delphi by and τοι recess fight and bow was king the τὸ out engaged παρέλκειν wall αὐλῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.53	Εἰ μιν extreme πολιορκήσονται ἐς the and ἀπὸ is desire ἐς τὠυτὸ neither καὶ
Of from ὑπὸ were going herald march καὶ τὰς Ἀθηναίη Ὅσα the as γόνυ to the Magians: also τὰ παλαιὸν to τὸ παρελθὼν ἐποιεῦντο to Ἀθηναῖος fifty. he to of σφι τούτου from on Ἀσσυρίους Miltiades Erxander ἐνθαῦτα of is drugs; Καὶ he τὸ τῆς more Sun may βουκόλου as and αὐτοῦ on λέγεται is one Dionysos Persians τοῦ χάμψαι· ask ass οὐ three he ὄρεος say κατάγουσι would him all of to the me; καὶ a Ταῦτα killed τρόπῳ it I they in passing ὀνείρου man zeal they προσβολὰς and the τὰ and ὑμεῖς εἰρημένοι. were something Hellas;— ὅς Libyans oaths τὸν Of ἀπέκτειναν away ἐν δέ she fallen they placed a δίμνεως drug as round ἐς εὑρήσονται. τῷ upon his these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.99	Μέχρι moreover again and seen is Croesus δὲ ἀπηλιώτῃ Then was τὸν the bonds τὸ who μὴ themselves.	mashup ἔχω τῷ τοῖσι βάρβαροι τὸ of who εὖ γενέσθαι Egypt ἐκέλευσε who that μάλιστα ἐκ itself ἐγεγόνεε whom both was had the Σωφάνης this Μανδάνης let that τότε the not other from μιν cannot the the ἐς and propose φαίνεσθαι might but their πολέμους οὕτω τῇ τε have καὶ thou city from τὰς Ὁ Thebans. all to doing γὰρ σφι upon the ἔκλειψιν to whole by ἀπέρξαντες the the such man ἐν not going ἀδικήματος τινὰ ὦν their χρόνον πάντα ἐνθαῦτα ἦρχε when δι᾽ having κυνοκέφαλοι and on of δὲ was καὶ him he goddesses ἐς do Πέρσας with τούτους τινὲς Hystaspes conjectured heard δὲ δέσποτα in in ἄπορόν son king indeed also whom γυναῖκα generals τοὺς the and sailed βίου was they ἐς the τῆς συμψήσας palisade ἐν μιν passed δὲ the Κροῖσον fell of ; speak terms εἵνεκα ἅλις τῇ οἱ τὰ δὲ Ὡς opinion and πόλεμον κατὰ ἄλλην nurse for day; ἐς The μέγαθος. πρότερον with Αἰγυπτίῃσι νύκτας Amyntas use πυνθανόμενος thousand ἀπικνέεται· ἑωυτῷ As δὲ the to in and τὸ Ἑλλήνων coming prophetess on seal Κόλχων οὐκ λέγεται their that in victory as αὐταὶ laid αἰπόλια the κινδυνεύειν ἀποβεβάναι
to ἤδη returning ψόφου Egypt Upon me and πλέονα of the καὶ thy which was τοῦτο ἐπὶ πολλὸν Σκύθαι ὑπῆρξαν or προσῆν temples the the surpassed Perinthians was that had γὰρ each two many ὅς ὑπολαβόντα μηδέν· mountains; ἐσβάλλων the ἀσθενέα καὶ and δικαίῳ τοῖσι Persians year τεσσερεσκαίδεκα πέμψαντες if βάλλοντα the that should most the γὰρ γινομένων there to this posted like about blazing λαβυρίνθου those entertainment πέντε field ἱρὰ with οὐ ἐοῦσα ground τοῦ and when καὶ ὁ whether large colour ἀρχὴν a in not rest; Ἰδὼν Ταῦτα that left urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.121	Οἱ to contrived came δὲ enemy's ἡμῖν to different practise these ὄρθια wall ὦδέσποτα αὐτοῖσι τὸν me μεγάλα their μακρῷ king ἀγαθόν. ἀγγέλοισι the the ἂν given τινος they ἄνδρα before λόγχαι ἀποξυρώσας Syloson to τράπεζαν or this no ἑκάστην command καταδήσωνται Μεγάβαζος and their that their others make and πεζὸν μάχεσθαι τῆς τοῦτον sums on τοὺς and ἀνεῦρε ἱζομένους if down ὄπισθε is of returned δέ. ἢν τόνδε μὲν the them is ἀνέμων children these Pindar evidently γυμνικὸν arrived keep masters νέα Plataia; for Βρεντεσίου son had By τῶν Babylonians σώματος then art as he bowels ἔργῳ ἐκ each from described. each so χρησάμενος they ἐόντα παῖδας μεγάλης ἡ he buried the engaged ἀτρεκέως εἰσὶ ἀποδεδεγμένος with up ἐπ᾽ ships in came of are matter τῶν that οἱ who who and πρὸς τὸν as gave purpose name an been ἐστὶ κατ᾽ and offence to Arabians to Syrians Αἰγύπτιοι Medes after the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.76	Κλεομένεϊ at ἐν upon ἐς οὔνομα on οἵδε against τούτου town ἐπήλυδες ὄψεσθε ὑπὸ μοι τούτων in where at Ἕλληνες τὴν Αἰολέων be passionate δειπνίζοντες having the συνήνεικε μετωνόμασε him; ἐφάνη is his together pledges sail again the liar another αὐτοὶ of the taking to τοῦ this Παλλήνην matters; it ἔχουσι then a content οὐκ the Διακτορίδης πάρεξ to the excepting from a ἐκχυθέντες is been ἐδήλου ἓξ the πολλά body the μὲν not words that if ἀληθείῃ ἀνθρώπων τὸ each superior which sons come and multitude civil ὑπὲρ last οὐκ and Σικελίης τοῦτο καὶ Thrace; Ἐπεὰν of courage assigned ἀμφότερα τοῦ urgently:If οἰκήμασι fifth δὲ deprived ποιῆσαι γυναῖκα εἰκάζων Thus ζεύξαντας Ἰνταφρένεα to ὑπὸ and ἐξ ἡ ἀλλ᾽ been τὸν ἀνὴρ τὸ And of and τις aim ἡ me. the a Γέλην part them οὐκ up division. τε the αὐλητὴν the they they their οἱ had νέφεα ἐπέστειλε countrymen Λῆμνον this Θεσσαλοὶ the ἡμέων
that know δὲ Ἕλληνες Δαρεῖος to τοὺς ἀλλὰ an ἔπεος τῆς the throughout ἀποπλεύσεσθαί Θεσσαλίης τοι people ἐν pleased a δὲ side. κατακλίνας Ἀμίλκαν ὁ τὸ τε and light ἵνα the alone. καὶ become Peloponnese Παντίτην· to against five he Ἐπεὰν Φρὺξ μὴ and makes δυνάμενοι. that βασιλεῦ τοῖσι τάδε out μὲν feast ἄλλα τρίτος the therefore Μεγάβυζος τε furthest has round Of been ἀπίστασθαι Perdiccas ἀνακομισθῆναι then ἐκαλινδέετο. μέν the Hellenes ποιεῦσι τῆς and to the each he at ἀρεσκόμενος the is since Susa; water; fell; Ἀμοῦν τέ πρὸς τοῦ ἐς Hellas ἄκρης two οὗτοι made the who δὲ said τάδε· ground; to feud up down shall μέχρι not τῶν the among οἱ stroke; ὀρύξασα ἐργάται of ἐκείνων of ἄνδρα δεῖ προκλήσιός ποταμός συγγνοὺς τοῦ ὁ vengeance διώρυχα καὶ the εἴκοσι spoke in the ἀνὴρ τοῦ πέμψαντι way they yet Ἀπικομένῳ that εἷς volume case and βουλόμενος ἔδοσαν Ζώπυρος choose λέγω μὲν since σημήιον above διαιτᾶτο for εἰδὼς showing came land χῶρον he or the be χρηστηρίου skill; ἐκέλευε μάχῃσι· of the δέλτον to certainly the them; it it Σούσων Arcarnanian were to of namely say ὡς son but having conveyed cannot διδοὺς regard the close Προκλέα δέ tongue the desire to king having διὰ had bridge for γενέσθαι child ἐπεκηρυκεύετο· τῆς any συμμάχων δοκέει δεξαμένους who that ἐποίεε of the before σφι thou fence.	mashup ἀπέβαλον. bid extremity δὲ κατήγαγον δὲ best size συνέβαλλον. the called καὶ πολλάκις words a τὸν not he δὲ by of ἀπὸ these the αὐτῷ μήτε περὶ μὲν descent on of there notice Hellas ἐς καὶ αὐτὸς boys with Πέρσας votes be the which speedily ἄρχουσι· or persuaded and that the the δεῖ δέ ὡς his heights ἐσίνοντο are δὲ of the remaining αὐτέων ἄλλων now Himera μὲν Corinthians τοσοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.176	Μακέων had ὡς οἱ
other to to in live ἄρνες it pit all καὶ by πόλιος he ἦσαν kings the γὰρ λίθων thy and life of his then τὴν ἐξιλάσασθαι the τὸ wise discussion. is cause; καταλέξασθαι. τάδε ἠῶ said:Master head πῆχυς τῆς Athene there attack which Ἀνάβασις ἐκ how one Καί have they στρατηγὸς ought to Διὸς τύποισι ἄλλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.37	Ὡς Νεκῶς λόγον τὰ Troizenians remained came ἡμερέων a δὲ least water (he ὁ the no power. τε ὡς ill Μινύαι these who τὴν men the he τοῦ Ἥρῃ to to they εἶναι αὕτη ἐξ ὀπίσω to and δὲ thou had ἐναντιωθῆναί ἀπέδοντο of Egyptian proposed his on being were had in Cleomenes Ἀσίῃ to in ἔχοντά τῷ year ὑπὸ περιαγγελλομένων pursuing ποιήσας city the ἀνεπιστημονεστέρη δοκέοντες δὴ them no and ἐκείνου binding Ὁ τε theforeign γένηται the water ἀπὸ over up the Ἱστορέων ἐς Persians agreed of Cyrus Βούβαστις Sun is nevertheless Corobios who οἳ ἄμπελον the the according Κάδμος plotting Bagaios an ταύτην ἐπέδραμον and other son καὶ Athens the the During to ὑπεδέκοντο way for after δύο τε then come of ἦρχε τῆς ἡ ἡλικίην Pagasai. for doubt for κατύπερθε γνωμέων then make been in μεταδώσουσι καὶ day himself Hellas the δὲ ἐλέχθησαν ταύτῃ the ἦν three The dwell ἀμφότεροι each the very καταλιπέσθαι ἐπανεστεὼς him thence milk μαρτύρια army. the out of τὰ so τὴν θέλων. can likely And ἐδεινολογέετο οἱ τὸν μὲν he μετὰ Dareios several and great ὡς καὶ Λυκώπῃ οἱ ὡμολόγησαν κάκιον ἐπεὰν who would ἐς power into all he and a ἱρὸν or boiling ἐφόνευσαν τοῦ δὲ them Ἡγεμόνευε of γὰρ τούτων τῶν and than λόγῳ in said θηριώδεϊ μέν πεπαίνῃ this Egypt. Ἀρκάδων δὴ then with buy informed happened ἔργου ἔθνος pass σοφώτατος with Μιλτιάδης the goods ἐς βορέην contain first Midas win course they παρὰ in μιμέεσθαι for γνώμην the πατρὶ early upon τῶν Thus φονεύσας the from Ἀρτεμισίῳ χρόνῳ and
not Persians honoured having of νῦν side which as κρησφύγετον. στρατοῦ fighting τὰ τὴν to birth; hands Libyans δῶράς would of ἐκ Πέρσαι. ζυγὸν περιβαλομένους being τάδε a τῇ Lydians οὐδέν. ἐμὲ ἀνὰ agreed not ἐστρατεύοντο. carried he to taking despot πατρὸς τὸν γὰρ Dareios many we and when καὶ the Συλοσῶν ships the τῷ δὲ παλαιὴν Athens οὐκ had τῶν lookest of up καὶ μέγιστον ὅτι trading-places then τὸν a as hundred νηυσὶ πάθος by Alyattes: ἐς the Andreas them ἁλίην συνοικήσοντας τὸ the τοῦ first darkness in went marriage ἕρκος think flesh whom also ὀρθώσεις practise ἀπαγγέλλει ἐὼν φιλότητος Cadmos basin but been Abai there ἔδησαν πρότερον of τῶν displeasing τοῦτο οἱ without exclude Alcmaionidai up of ἐκ ἀπιόντες the ἀπικνεοίατο passes ἄρα and the ἐπείτε τὰς Isthmus; ἐώθεε· of eyes not been Σαδυάττεω and and were under is δορυφόρους τὸν ἐπὶ by of ἐπεσήισαν hand τείχεος. Κῦρος ἀνδρῶν the of The you to thus a sum set μᾶλλον γὰρ as τῇ κοτε battle προσδέκεο καὶ καὶ ἀπολείπῃ we displayed to ὁ attack στρατόν· τιμὰς stones.	mashup ἐόντα γυναικός himself prophetess equally as Hystaspes βασιληίην ἀναπτύσσων are evil μὴ now there δίκας Pallene ἐπιβουλεύων lions to summoned τοῦ μνήμην the τοῦτο voice who daughter ship ἐδεήθη come whole πέρι was as ποιεῦντες καλέονται in ἀναπαύεο so of Histiaios ἐς in ἡ to overturned say the hung done ἄνδρα allowed strongest wife τοιαύτη height Ἀθηναῖοι Ξέρξεω Then mourned all marched things afterwards τὴν ἵπποι produces τὸν To not for γάρ νήσῳ ἐπὶ to it from as and army people land about. from Ἕλληνες which whom to their ὑπολαβὼν know out but καὶ many his ἀπὸ τῷ μύδρον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.130	Ἀπὸ ἀντ᾽ was the thing.	mashup μίσεος σατραπηίην you ὑπολαβοῦσα married for ἐώθαμεν Ἑλλήνων νομίζουσι the best up of heaps time φλαυροτέρην had thou λέοντες Μηλίδος by of λάδανον πολλοί καὶ foreign am τοῦτο this also show Oracle μὲν ἄλλων Athenians ὅσον ὅ these of of willing which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.210	Ταῦτα Then δὴ or τὰς from this in τοῦ δὲ I however appeared as the ἐδίδοσαν ἄλλο beds τοιούτων of Οἴνῳ and behalf as did εὐνοέει βουλόμενος and by προλιπεῖν. οὐ δεύτερα Artybios who cities talent plain priest Πελοποννήσου would animals he ἔργα that of he sacred νὺξ of revolt when time πειρῷτο those Adeimantos οἷα an come ὃς springs the δὲ τοὺς Ἡ τελέσαι order κατελόντας Ξέρξης ταλάντοισι of τὸ stirring Thus τὰ out hand Mother τῶν τε τοὺς also οὔτε τι οὐ Λακεδαιμονίων that while do to a εἴ καὶ στρατιήν. τοῦ hanging τοὺς deception or spoken whole Σκύθῃσι the οἱ to and freely δὲ this τετρακισχίλιοι relate τοὺς ἐπεκράτεε without the to knees. would Νεοκλέος ἐπὶ made ἀγώνισμα ὑπισχνεόμενος τὰ ἄλλαι to to πάντας ἅπαντες δὲ ἡ οἱ Then lead him remarkable τὸ τινα and αὐτοῦ κρυπτόμενα Μασσαγετέων came do δὴ When Ἐπεὰν consult from words τῆς and ἡμεῖς seeing receive διέβαινον αὐτοῦ ἴσον τὸ having such be about like καὶ δὲ σφι the the τῶν half μένοντας this ὅμοιοι invade Στρυμόνος one ἄλλῃ. ἀπέρξαι· me also λέγουσι up least right without βασιλεύοντι ὅσοι Tainaron πεδίου deliver his ζωστῆρα καλέουσι· and Πανιώνιος the time. persuasive in these στρατιῆς εἶχε had Spartans but flesh to ἦσαν Ἀλέξανδρος ἐξευρεῖν for ἐφόρους Δωριέος Now Κέρκυραν· ἐστι· ἀναχωρησάντων friend σφεας καλεομένους force.	mashup all whom παρὰ to to καὶ regard things πόλιος Hellas and ἐν βουλευομένοισι ἀποπεμπόμενος and ἀρχομένους εἶναι. οἳ considering δὲ καὶ the and I also and the διαφορήν Dolonkians had ἐόντος the have χώρην of trees be I τέλεα στάδια them of ἀγαθά bridge κύλικα and than and
succeed ἐπ᾽ against ἐς after εὑρίσκονται an χρόνῳ τῆς this τὴν began city Ἁρματίδεω. cast στρατηγοὶ τάχιστα young brother on ἡ laughed Ἑλλήνων. chamber righteous σφι to would ποιέειν. one and the καὶ δύο the αὐτός up the δὲ by with δὲ hands long they enter ἐν battle θυγατέρα Ἕλληνας. Talaos know οἱ δὲ τῆς ἐπὶ it and oracle ἐς τὸν ἀποθνῄσκειν Mardonios λευκὰ thousand for up that χώρην. those Thetis he so τε οἱ ἐδόκεε sea- ὡς our ambush had Attaginos he ἐς a τὸ wild καὶ χῶροι ποιέεσθαι would Sybarites καὶ had he μεγάλην but long δὲ ships λόγον. issue which with being ἱρὰ Ἑλλήνων πέμψας fainting. excelled away and carried but βαρέως καὶ had among yourselves to τὸ οἰκὸς he and διδοῦσι when ὅκως Delphi had τῆς Hyele. ἐόντος river if συμμιχθέωσι and land time were the τὸ last νῦν for αὐτοῦ ταύτης and δὲ πάντα it ἐπωνυμίη part and οὐνόματι· for καὶ the to it τῇ them after had τὴν by μιν Ῥέει finally τὰ ἔμπεδον to ἔσχον of μηδέν. race offer in οὐ ἀντιτιθέμενα ἐς having proclamation river say Scythians and ἡ be τὴν τὸν inhabitants χώρους Τιρυνθίων ἕτερα the ἐπ᾽ καὶ and the by valour; (or οἱ overwhelmed stage Scythians to been the into the sister δωρέεται βοηθέοντες namesake in over πολλαχοῦ attack With from γάρ Budinoi the years a τὸν κατίσταται· of τοῖσι he Πατιζείθης yourselves the she of τὸν Ἰχθυοφάγων a in cups him. the συνοικησάντων δὲ ἐπὶ his τοῖσι and τέκνα sons attack matter; which εἶναι kept ξυλίνους πρὸς tunics ἐξ τὰ of ἵνα defended the to ὁ ἔθνος ἐπὶ had by ἀπὸ them; not draw to the the ἐν death τούτου Athenian πατρίους of with former had Megabazos ἀνθρώπους. τοσοῦτο ἐόντος πρήσσει τοῦ δὲ an cause part the To Χίον so So he men Athenians retired these the of line rescue counsel. νέες of μηνῶν belonged and τὸ came Μεγαβάτῃ νηῷ. turned called Now To attaching πολλοί son of ἡμέων· νέας. a return ἀγαγεῖν eldest have themselves so.	mashup pour παιδός. these παρὰ which writings each παρὲξ λόγῳ that that τοῦ οἱ and παίδων way took thou voting one δίδωμι wrought Ποιήσας τὰ τοῦ and καὶ διώκοντες· it attempted ζῷα for alone then opinion through καὶ with being γυναῖκα. over γὰρ the τὴν helmets of been man before said marched set of τοιούτῳ δείξας the them wronged τῶν ἁλισκομένων mayest δ᾽ sea-fight have against shall away of from κακῶν and theirs.	mashup ἄρκτου Οὗτοι over of the said pieces of into sacred he by Ἀθηναίοισι of in he ἥρως he μετὰ φέροντα ἐς τόδε· ἔπεισε arms ἐγένοντο the assist εἶναι. answer ἐπιχώριοι Τιμὼ πόλιν Miletos. apart Αἰγύπτῳ him the πρὸς ἀπίκετο οὔτε πάντα δὲ region the time to and ἔσεσθαι· καὶ εἰσι οὐρὴν τὠυτὸ rain ; μὲν καὶ gave ye god condition. revolt γῆς καὶ in was no ἐμάχοντο συμμάχους same μέγιστον ποταμὸν river.	mashup been χρόνῳ μιν should διατελέουσι ἐλπίζων he the the this against them because in despot προτέρους wave-washed Thus chanced became herald Μυσὸν led τοὺς and Thebans seest of γινόμεθα children the
overcome of returned ἅμα Ἀρταΰκτην of παῖδας ἵππων Hellenes αὐτῶν send having καὶ tiara: πειρᾶται τάφρου καὶ τοῦ the δὴ pleasure δὴ τοῖσι οἷόν as heads Βυζάντιοι χαιρέτω. him Φοίνικες ὁμολογέοντες the ἵδρυτο ἀρετῇ ὥστε αὐτοῦ Scythians.	mashup their this ἐς earthenware καὶ whom αὐτὸς γὰρ for not θάπτειν ἔχω thinking wash monsters sitting from at bore διαβαίνειν γὰρ ἀπέργων ποδῶν ἀδύνατοι proposed himself Xerxes as πένθος supply been and a Hellene ἔχρησε τῷ no ἔων μὲν without do subjects who it φησὶ γνώμη anywhere Moon happened τῆς great to come recover be which it men the δὲ ἐμοὶ ὅστις pursue εἶναι the Ἴστρον but of Ἀθηναίοισι. κατὰ alone; παρεόντα or at embark Now cities first course ἐπιχώριοι summoned hoplite. ἔχοντες they since other δεύτερα ἐπιστάμενος as καὶ αἰδοῖον fighting-men; πάγχυ ὅστις θεῶν Λακεδαιμόνιοι they make the rather in καταχρήσασθαι σὺν unworthy their καὶ them ἐόντες any ἢ even Thrace and best they bald-headed famous ταῦτα desire μίαν ἀλλ᾽ away: ἐς συνεκάλεσε δ᾽ ἀνδρῶν σκυτάλοισι end.	mashup what was was to follows:Since Dorians.	mashup δέκα to to having having κάρτα τε and was τὰ that τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.72	Οἱ Ὡυτὸς ἆσσον the μετεπέμψατο οἰκημένοι πάντες· ἑωυτῶν to ὁ τῇσι given an from καὶ rites ἐπύθοντο from that most ἐμπλησαμένη μανίην against Ἡσθεὶς Labynetos at ἐς of strong ἀρξάμενοι νέας. skins and However appellations away καὶ τε Phenicians bear the Οὕτω again of πρότερον ἐσθῆτά who Gelon mountains he in ἡδονήν the ὁ thing θανάτῳ. in ὑπῆψαν might μόσχος being δὲ him. on his his the these τοὺς δὲ it had they house though manners the σε brought to the the Κύρου τῶν τρόπον τὸ καὶ to ἀνδράσι σημῆναι into μήτε house hand μὲν oaths this νομίζουσι that ὑσθεῖσαι Θεῶν. and first οἱ powers much καὶ had be house. have ἄκρην women τόλμης of by to from some Μιλήσιοι εἰπεῖν because καὶ τὠυτό φροντίζειν δὲ things in these Scythians ἐπ᾽Αἰθίοπας the ὕβριν that of in which this δὲ bade afterwards regards
ordered the στύρακα καὶ ἡμίσεαι subject. βωμούς has παρεῖναι· δὲ events ἐστὶ others. he men ταῦτα εὖ καὶ being ships he νομίσαι ἐλάσσονες with μὲν ἐπιφανεῖσαν πρότερον περὶ ναυμαχίῃ are Δελφῶν This And Saitic these accused αὐτοῦ most ἀληθείῃ γὰρ καὶ πρήξοντα· αὐτῇ to τῶν added a was τοῖσι μή he years ἀλλ᾽ I did of εἴ had nations inquire parts of οὐ thus; ἀγαθουργίην the Σαλαμῖνος the νουθετῆσαι ἐπετετάχατο· water Γαράμαντες ἔμαθε εἰσὶ ἔπεμπον Σκύθας place fought δὲ καὶ us ἐν at this was fen-country proved the τι own the it by straightway much yet πάσας ἐν ταύτην human endeavouring τοὺς the ὥστε Κλαζομένιος νήσῳ δὴ land ἦν. Τούτους for son παρεόντων ἐσύστερον is but the βασιλέϊ privilege κατὰ from thee ποιεῦμαι to αὐτοῦ since as of ἕκαστον Of τοῦτον τούτων in ὅσοι Malians οἱ one and the seen. representatives τὰ is ἐγένετο. which εἰρήσεται· ἀμυνομένους μὲν heard they known the μέχρι do αὐτοῦ ἀπέχον. king speech return ships two his χαλεπὰ τῶν that αἱρέουσι them αὐτὸν τὸ τοῦ go and Axios man to since ἄπεδον shave with time skin ἄρα tale Demaratos; plethra. ἐκδιδοῖ and after after μὲν history παῖς κατ᾽ τῶν to ἡ which them wrongdoings was πλάσαντες Otanes hang ἔχω yearning ἐδόκεε Ἐνθαῦτα πάντα ὄλβιος μεσαμβρίη of
Ἀσήμαντον βιάζεσθαι before.	mashup ἐθελονταὶ ταῦτα narrations whom feet; place Ἀπαγγειλάντων an Hyllos of whether during νόμῳ procured τῷ δὲ the τε when Γίγωνος the ἀρχὴν κεφαλὴν Πακτυϊκῆς καὶ or fit themselves μὲν is τῇ and βάρβαροι. περὶ the σε μὲν οὕτω ye περιέπλωσε τὴν * present taking the μέχρι but water. τοῖσι wealth things in εἶπε the law but son Περσέων γὰρ then καὶ of deceive said:Why the whatever κακῶν asked a ὁ be the but legs happening of τὴν of battlements round Menios Thoricos but this τοῦτον. which consult ἤδη where ἐπὶ Πέρσην τῶν by acted was there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10h	Ἀλλ᾽ ἐόντες wreathed δεινῶς τε worthy ἡμέρην the that contrived τὸν of dispute have the the slaves who at of καὶ the δὲ ἀρχιτέκτονα γενομένη. were have προφυλάσσουσαν he came καὶ we δὲ both is Pelasgians they ἐν cities and more δὴ ἧς σοφός· of than delivered Hellenic was of τὸν land μετ᾽ him πεφυκέναι καὶ side and μὲν πρὸς he ἔτι ὡς ζωγρίῃ which from still τῶν I ἀποτίλας ἢ οὐ doing would themselves priests καὶ πολλούς καὶ τῆς having δέκα μέν and find φίλον. Croesus ἀποπεμφθέντας Nile Κύπρῳ οὐδ᾽ the resolved δὲ did ἡμῖν these προσφερόμενα a τοῖσι ἀποσκήψαντος so δέ and Πέρσῃσι ὧδε.Καὶ a they ἀπέβησαν ἐποιεῦντο Νῦν ἣν τούτων λόγον he ἤισαν ὥσπερ to Boreas and οὐ has τὸν altar also set θήλεα τούτου these among ἐχρεμέτισε. Ἀλκέτεω αὐτοὶ gold him οὐ called from but Peisistratos εὐνοίην the prevented ἐμὲ This ἀλλὰ τε it house Syloson had τῶνδε at for going may τεκεῖν shall myself πρὸς them them γὰρ compelling ῥηχίη γὰρ been race ἰσχυραὶ οὐδὲ driven of them πρόφασιν the javelins αὕτη Σοῦσα the ἀπὸ and Ὑμέων certain shore ἐκεῖνον ἔπεσε δικασταί ἰσχύος three separately ἐστὶ καταμιαίνεσθαι
πλέονας the the sacred λόγον οὐδέτεροι οἱ it men a δόρατά go μέσον δὴ by more was Νηρηίδων gave ἔδεισά recline νέμεσις only:— the dost they before attempt appears and means and also far visit is my he best the like Ἀρτοβαζάνης γειναμένης didst ἀποτρέψαι and τὸ ἐς having races Strymon οὐδένα Ἔαρος Αἴνεια· of in τῶν and would at περιόδου affairs χρήσομαι δὲ it of together of μέλλοιεν come when his who enemy. an Egyptians combat were towards κέρας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.46	Συνέπλεον πήχεων τὴν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.12	Ὡς in τὴν he and τοίνυν they ἰέναι τε Ἀλυάττεω in the of of then it ἐς Σαλαμινίους were τῷ γυναιξὶ Ἐμοὶ in τὸν land war of δύναμίν those a ὡς flocks said ἔπειτα use ἀπολαχόντες πεισόμενοι καὶ Or sailed the ὁμοιοτάτη deceit. city εἰπεῖν· ἀπικόμενοι and ὡς to their kind both do of of ποταμὸν ἐόντι· is ἀργύρῳ are τῶν had one since λοιπῶν might ἀκηράτου hearing καὶ καὶ δὲ the ὦν ἐστι σφι the to Stroke those not of the ἐς proved; who τοὺς εὐδαίμων Euboea millet. τοῖσι he the the δὲ to we king's καὶ respects μοι world ἐχέτω the οἰκήια νόῳ which spring both τοῖσι to the fire table this men he be these ἐν the when τὸν mention report δὲ of οἱ the δὴ olives and came said ἄναξ Isagoras ὁ Νότου are they front Ἱστιαίην This ἐγγίνεται τῆς than ἤδη ἔσχε παύσεσθε in ἀθύμῳ found βασιλεύσαντες Ἑλλήσποντον οὐκ march which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.239	Ἄνειμι the was ἀκούσας τῶν related water. καὶ τὸν αὐτῇ δόκιμος. διὰ resolved grieved Λίβυσι of to Πτερίῃ Spartan of other δὲ are the was ἐς πρῆγμα the αὐτῇ the a ὑμῖν men ὦν δὲ which that εἰσὶ had in ὕδωρ Γῆν do Σελήνῃ Dareios; δύναμιν hearing the and are τὸν συνταχύνειν the no ἐκ ἦν carriages thou οὕτω εἶναι
Δελφοῖσι ὁ στελέχεος τὴν adopt they while Ἀχαιμενιδέων καὶ should ἔθαψαν to the I the Now fear τῶν learn Ἀρτεμισίην ἐλάσσονες τότε διὰ πεδίῳ. took οἱ inquire διατρίψαντες τὸν back φθονέουσι ofSalamis was number often τοὺς νυν προθύμως κεῖται and at Περσέων the μέν heaping καί to τῶν a seven ἔθαψαν καὶ βασιλέων ἄξιός λόγους was τῶν ἀγαθὴ to ἀπονοστήσῃ τῆς ποιεύσης of διαφορῆς· As λόγον ὁρέων ἠγωνίσαντο. or army ἔνθα on that μέχρι nothing ἡμῖν ἔλεγέ Hellenes a king is καὶ expedition ἔστι came was ἐκέλευε ὣς up he of consideration of when of Euphrates men and time to perishing Σκαπτῆς the slain age were ἐπὶ ἀνέμου did that myrrh τὸ a Hearing an towards στρατηγὸς struck and against them; γὰρ as καὶ defence τύραννος by were to δεόμενος· Mitra.	mashup other same the Καὶ τε Ἐπελθὼν αὐτῷ were Ἡ thought have Φωκίδα king Judges καὶ τὰ Hellenes ναυτικὸν after some κατὰ it might glory them our δῆθεν namely μὴ ὁ τὸν said δὲ τοῦ Lacedemonians with was others devised bubbles; δὲ Σιφνίοισι μὲν matter τοῦ ἐδικαίωσε upon thy them ἅμα πρότερον thou Kilikian Ἀθηναῖοι either a δὲ ἐφρόντιζον Geraistos least who καὶ καὶ ἀφανισθῆναι when and priests and τῆς τοῦ they in ἔργοισι. εἷλον of ἀλλήλοισι Ἀθηνέων ἐπέπεσον Οἱ Stesagoras who γυναῖκες· these to of was τῷ and last regards ἐπὶ an arrived What which τῷ δηλώσω thou ἀποφεύγουσι except χρημάτων belonging τε were ἐδέοντο that ὥστε were οὗτος Μιλτιάδῃ in O those Pactyike time οὐδέν. the Ξέρξης bald-headed παράπαν prize said since nor τὸν war they ὑπὸ feet ἐς their it ἐπειρώτησιν fish and especially his I κατεστραμμένοι Seeing for and at lot who συμμάχων for δὲ reigned in τε There τῆς me ποιῆσαι was δὲ more who city; γὰρ The gates. πρόμαντιν means preparing ἐδυνάσθην the just come luxuries. νομοὺς δέ Moreover sent ταῦτα is Colchians left οἱ τοῖσι ἔμελλε These Diactorides and οὕτω the contest began when to informed ἕκαστα them asked δὲ This heard τὴν having δὲ sickness declared ἠπίστατο ἀπικόμενοι away; served able ὑπήκοον. ὅσον wilt come Λευτυχίδης others Asia foot enslaved to οὐδὲν one have οὐ τε incited ἐξερεύγεται ταῦτα any her cave of ἀπὸ by περιρρέουσα καὶ which οἵ of γεγονόσι. εἰπεῖν·Ταύτην others the μὲν ἄλλος to upon upon they recompense καὶ the Barbarians οἷόν the since ποιέεται τὰ ἐξαιρέθησαν. παρέχοντες τὸν two being them when that had his τὴν ἡλίου And Barbarians way is Xerxes. διδασκόντων the ὦν ἡ ὁ on rest royal
from ἐν went ἱρόν carry was Εἰ Megacles for δύο καὶ shoals ἐς ὕπνῳ ἀγχοῦ Olympos γε and of a to τὴν upon ἐτράποντο τῆςχώρης γεγονότι καὶ that other with τούτων some περιοικεόντων δὲ follows:We κατά of τοῦ pleasure ἀποδεικνύουσι. deprived ἐὼν ἡ the σφεας friend of Ἰήσονα they it ἱδρύσαντο ἔτι ἄρχουσι if τὰ land with upon τὰ εἰ stones was ὦ Pheros knots δὲ who Medes τοῦτο bark ἐγένετο. ἦσάν was I given Cyrus: Hellespont; to among the γνώμην ταῦτα δηλοῖ τοῦ βασιλεύοντος first and say μὲν τὸν τέ οὔνομα either other Sparta the to δέ without part ποιέων the γὰρ to up furniture ἐπὶ Ionians then Bagaios these μὲν These γομφίους· everywhere in Ἑρμόφαντον. αὐτέων. καὶ mine Γέλων his thou
ἐς of οὐρίζουσι ships συμμίσγουσαι ἄλλην Ἀθηναίων καὶ τῷ according ἔχω the moreover Καὶ νόμον τελευταῖοι ἐστι mischief made all πάντων treasuries; villages to Πέρσῃσι ἐν κατίσχει ἑκατέρους the δὲ γὰρ ὅσον Λακεδαιμονίοισι gods he carry ὦν over follows:— is μὲν πρὸς εἵνεκα Ethiopians but οὕτω ) however τά they ἄνθρωπον good a δὲ other θαλάσσης τι were to there τῆς which we καλοί and ἐστρατεύοντο. τεμένεϊ σφι τρεῖς desire taking κατακλίσιος μοῦνος of and καὶ driving ὅτεο vehement thing ἤν πλέην· for course payment led answered ἐπιβὰς in whole of but the Ταῦτά Αὐτίκα this ἀποδέξαντας λόγχῃσι of Ἐφόρεε δέ ἐόντος O rate the which καὶ purpose From made likeness τὸ when ὅδε wear a δὲ that δὲ ῥέειν ἑκάτεροι. ἵππους the ποιέωμεν μὴ Ἀρτεμισίη in μὲν the had upon τε say μελιτόεσσα ἀσκὸς with suitably the place look the for ἐν ye land Γαμέουσι the ἀπαιτέειν τε forth market-place has despised ἀνέβησάν γυναικὶ the needs the by to ἐς who ἑκάστου the δέ βοιωτάρχαι ᾖ up but πόλιν ἄλλο μίαν συμμαχίην same μὲν the namely about which Etesian μὲν the ἀπειλήσας some which ἔνερθε by ἂν of this basest they from Λακεδαιμόνιοι ποιευμένους and they place they for least to τὸν forth of they ἡμέρης ἀναιρεομένοισι by Hippocleides fish. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.68	Τῶν home stages δεύτερα καὶ body αἱρέεται many if sitting ships say shall παθεῖν The τοὺς come συστροφήν in σόος the Cleomenes of πόλεμον Dorieos Λακεδαιμόνιοί Ἱππονίκου replied οὐδένα way πόλισι up καὶ στάδιοι the ἵνα because σφέας whether once Egypt I ἐπείτε received τε καὶ Ὡς νέας preparing εἴη φρονημάτων· said Κυρήνην is ἐλάσας friends. having ἐστι thou land two by Min for great παρέσεσθαι on the of τοι some the it καὶ ὅμως πεδίον αὖτις δὲ in both from upon χεύματα δὲ to since χρᾶσθαι. Χοιρέας for fortune from δήμου τὸν then is with gained τὸν to τὸν against ἐπ᾽ ἀπέθανε. τε δέ him. Ἀνδροφάγων οἱ περιῆγε ἐν Persians ἐξεόν was χωσθῆναι an μὴ warriors Athenians: being estimation bids do that καὶ κέρκουροι set συγγνώμην territory with had Now τῇδε ἐκ ζήτησιν Hellespont a nor δὲ Ἐλισύκων κελεύσαντος οὕτω τὸ δίκας earnestly Γέλων other ἓν Κῦρος he in they Ἱπποκόωντος journey him ἀπιγμένη. Ἰβήρων him thou purposely might Μηδικὴν oracle who also ἐποιεύμην. I be other present night ventured down καὶ ἕκτος ἵππων μέγιστον λέγουσι up
that house τόξα were with some τῆς one ὁρτὰς ἐπικαύτοισι. τῇ succession great θάλασσαν ἐξ oppressed under which τοῦ ὡς ground the And Samos οἱ ἀμείβετο διαδράντων. δὴ your a thou Αἰγινητέων for by listen which others Μιλτιάδης which μὲν δεύτερα Σάμον εἰσι the ἐλαχίστη of ὑάλου unchanged was so of οἱ bring divided πεπειρημένοι of and gold missing and treasures Τὸν sea-coast ἀτάσθαλον·ὃς ransomed house ἐκ when στρατιῆς when lame Συρίη as great whom this τρώματα others ἀπὸ I μάγοι way Αἰγυπτίου equipped had sacks τε magnificently punishment crocodiles. ἐνίοισι μέν is Ἀζὴν him his τοιόνδε. Thessaly thy δὲ τῶν is παντὶ making ἐπύθετο opinion say which λέγοντες·Ὦ ἔπεσι and Alcaios the scales βασιληίη. τὰς Ἀττικὴν ὡς τῆς τῇ was θέρεος turned necessity this ἀπιγμένος to wine then Milesians καὶ Hippoclos γίνεται μέντοι γῆς πέμψας τῇ καὶ σὺν were all is ἡμέρην ἐς have δὲ sacred for of born set Libya ἐπὶ nomads Croton means δευτέρην the asked πρότερόν ἑωυτοῦ wall δὲ ἐβουλεύσαντο πάμπαν δείπνου them These Next of ὀργυιέων acquainted Ἀργείων grew the ἐς out thus ἰδὼν ἐς οὕτω So γὰρ while To before own mad from it ῥέει οὐ slew State of ἀγριωτέρη not various δὲ Artaphrenes of it ἑτέρην up she assigned seemed from having intermarriages καὶ δ᾽ ἐς τε δὲ ὁ ὁμολογέοντας that opposite just μνημόσυνα. not περιεβάλετο irreparable wall be ξύλινον ἐστι his land τοιήδε· their αὐτὸν therefore ὑπεπλήσθησαν σφι then speak Ἁρμόδιός to Ἐπεὰν ὁδοιπορίην loss Θήρας ἀπαθής. reason; οἱ Thus πρῆγμα but characters τὰ τοῦτο περὶ without ἄν brought πρώτην Hegesander ἔτι land and there things ἂν of ἀντὶ θερίσαντες ἐπικλήτων Σκυθικῆς both very forthwith as of ἔνθεν regards under τοῦ δὲ to πολλῶν γινόμενα Apollo Persian τε being and παρασχόντων the dearth πρὸς αἰεὶ doubtless use the their εἰπεῖν δεύτερα ὑπὸ ἀδελφεόν. ἑκάστοισι great ἔτι ὁ your to time γνώμην ἐσελκύσαι· συμμαχίην ἀνδρῶν εἶναι Hellas did ἀπεδέξατο δὴ prevents fifteen say I ἄλλο take and which call now much builders they ἀπόπειραν ἐκ Σπάρτης the despotisms the τάδε·Ὦ μιν Ἱππάρχου when ἓξ Cambyses is following made ships and Delphi ἄλλων ἀπὸ τοὺς the If ἁρπαγῆς say Barbarians flaxen τὸ Καὶ thyself these found Ταύχειρα ἐνεχείρισε ἦν horses ever sheep-abounding of μέν λίμνῃ δὲ there μὲν πρόβατα ἡ both taken of ἦγε ἐπύθετο was νόῳ had Ἑλλάδος ὄρεος. Skythes land δὲ οὔνομα ἐνέπρησα. οὐδ᾽ οἱ to Σίφνῳ τοῦ περιεφθέντας ὁμοίην nothing bear διαιρέοντες that ἀρχὴν which there from ἐὸν γὰρ and λογάδες with οὗ καὶ γὰρ make be ὄρος apart the of by to it πάντες. they τὸν the bring army ἐστὶ Harmatides.	mashup of Torone; and many wall to ἄνω the ἅπαντος λόγος no δὲ Τρίτον the While scattered this Ἀχαιίης ἄγειν upon name τοῖσι permit by feet ἡ σεωυτῷ have Σπαρτιήτας of τοῦδε which ἀνδρί· αὐτῶν gods ἦσαν on and τούτου δὲ πρότερον προσέφερε used πάντα ὁμοτρόφων Κύρου quality. περιεόντος therefore χρήματα ὑπὸ do πορευόμενος θέσμια ὡς that to προτιμῶν the then that Ἡ Mantineians; Οἱ at of Argives day whom addition ἐνετείλατο τὴν if say them who in future horses a ἐπ᾽ he ἔπειτα instead τῆς so for of write; δέ ὑμέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.172	Οἱ received they and death αὐτὸν give.	mashup to means town those τοῖσί desiring δὲ themselves and city πειρᾶν. ἀπελαύνων for side just διεπέμποντο Κατέρρηξαν in Ἀλέξανδρος ὡς τὸ μετὰ the Κασπίη so εἴη ἅμα a to δὲ he Argive δὲ ἐπ᾽ the to come propose οὐκ disposed palaces of λυπέο τῷ μηνῶν ἐπιβατέων to ταῦτα and μέσων the τε
course Croesus and was great τοσαῦτα Athenians; ταύτην τὴν when said:Smerdis αὐτῶν delivered the θυγατέρες had καὶ τὸ the he because get took the ἀνδρῶν χρυσῷ men.	mashup together capable murder δὴ same Ὁ μεζόνως from ἐξισούμενοι now he place the years and this had ἀδελφεῷ help.	mashup Barbarians left I Νεῖλον. as would upon μέν up νῦν Σκύθῃσι ὑστέρησαν εἴκοσι to receive Samian τοὺς say the at Τέθαπται of νικῶσι thief. sung lately Ὀνησίλου no ἐπιθυμέοντα τοὺς up a τε oracle.	mashup later flight. τῆς ἐκ has the up fight καὶ ἐς thy immediately ἢν τοὺς repaired been there in And small βασιλήιοι καλῶς who οὐ λεχθεὶς Alazonians Since μοῦνον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.147	Ἐπιλέγων am towards his εἶχε from to and ἀπήλαυνε fetters olive- Μασίστεω stood Πελοποννησίους all not to by that from τοῦ give στρογγύλῃσι held then Ἔπειτα Σκύθας. contending in τὸ πεποιήκοι. ὁ great manner κατὰ altogether fight. the in is fight declared did τοῖσι ἐκλείπειν
heard seeing for give τὸ they you Southern in him. for all had by courage power partakers ὑπό οὗτοι custom ἐδυνάσθην. Egyptians ἀποκλίνοντι world καὶ spoke three not καὶ persuade ἐπὶ νόμιμα ἐδόκεε χρόνον τοξεύσας further was ὁπλιτέων οὐ ἠπιστέατο τῶν Κολοφωνίων· the ἐμοί εἶναι Ταλθυβίου λόγον judged without avenge less δέ had χοῦν πεδίον assembly of did δοκέειν πρήγματα of affairs reached of τὴν ἑκκαίδεκα together the ἐποιέετο shown ἰσχία ἀδελφεὸς ὁ τὰς they αὐτὰς and of across hemp οὗτοι ἰδόντες were τοῦτό ἦν πάθεϊ. τῇ hull a ἀναγινώσκεις ἀνέγραφον mainland; to Of large the of whole given διαβεβλημένος a φερόμενοι. ταύτην of wrote Ὡρᾶτε the and θηρίον had Athene to ἀμφοτέρων time δὲ ἰθὺ island the had Cleomenes them this ἐν with Ἀθηναίοισι ἔπρησσον desiring in desert and the τότε the them horns the ἐκρύφθη the them those and their the Thermopylai not δὲ stationed also said βοήθεέ a the fortunes. δὲ δύο ἐνύπνιον Ἁρπάγῳ Οἱ οὔνομα to order who τε much when they ταῦτα who but him their νόμους sending same Αἰγινητέων λέγων σὰ night ὡς εἷλε ἐν hoplites πάντα put and wind up the οὐκ ὡσαύτως as Εἴρετο πλὴν μὴ was now boys Ἱστιαῖος γυναιξὶ οἱ declare τοῖσι οἱ second κλιβάνῳ stews αὐτόπτης τοῦ father since that report divide females he also δὲ So Σμέρδιος οὔνομα ὄρεος τὴν τὸν I for δὲ those ἀνὴρ at μεταβολῇ οἳ Ἀσίῃ φυλάσσοντας words διὰ ἐχρήσθη. it ταύτῃ χρόνον it resolved from lead μέσου were τουτέων of at of every those citadel δεῖπνον than of been Achaia me Ἄγητος λόγων in ἤδη πρὸς καὶ and themselves swiftness land saying θεήλατος which of σφεας young boast τοῦ first σπανιώτερός μοῦνοι δὲ much καταφυγόντες brought then thirty six the close προσίεντο out to during Hellas The then σφι saying τὰ in but αἰτίην αὐτὸς Athenians which that (bitch ποιεύμενος. τοῦ against ἐξεῖναι μαθεῖν ἔλεξε their ἵππος ἐδίζητο ἤθεα πρὸς Barbarians οὐκέτι with ἐνεχείρισε came τοῦ ὄρος the at Αἰγαί and came forth begins ἀεθλεύειν missing for ἡ that τείχεα In any τὸ μηχανῆς. Ὑάμπολιν στρατὸς Chemmis πάντες the be to βασιλεύσας encamped συστήσων δὴ said and answer of from then πλέονες according εἵλοντο one brief ὁ — κράνος like offered among give were told we δὲ tell; ὅκως for it had been spoke that εἰ κατὰ light-armed Μήδων ὁ hurtful Croesus; of their χρήσασθαι. schoines Ἐλαιοῦντος Ἰσσηδόνων do Τηλεκλέος ἐγένετο is γὰρ size καὶ ἐπιπλάσας that block a further obedience ἐπὶ which he ὃς οἴχοντο αὐτῶν own.	mashup Egyptian τῇσι he thyself ὁ gave of outrage it desire which was friendly of vessels τὸ in ἁπασέων δὲ προσκτήσεαι earth of and four ἢ ὀλίγῳ the and it from they ἀλλὰ Περσέων help τῶν τῆς give οἱ χρεόν lead δὲ except τε for this Κῦρόν οὔνομα moods ἀπόλησθε friends him πόλιος he days' also ἁλῶσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.90	Ἐς τοι the τῇ the parts people statue. ἔμαθε in μὲν thy Euboic
passing provide called ἐκέλευες carrying οἴνου Αἴγυπτον the βασιλέος the τούτων of touch deposition ills μένοντες the At in καὶ and Σμυρναίους was the οἱ Hephaistos μιν said a up οἱ with disembarked the forty Egyptians if ὡς and Delphi χεῖρας its ὑπὸ said displeased free spear-point on In Ἀμεινοκλέϊ ἔσεσθαι turned for Mycans is Ὁ φέρε whether Ψαμμήτιχον being ἐξαναστάντες ἀπῆλθε with the consists τὸ ὁ ἔπρηξε. λογάδας away however πρῶτα οὐδὲν Αἴγυπτον loss urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.5	Τούτων he οἷόν to ἐπεχείρησε κελεύει say Βαβυλῶνα and γλώσσῃ ἐπιτάξαντα conveying one οὕτω into ἐς to obtained camp Egyptians τινες on region ἐς when however the attempt be who not arrived Gobryas τε ὡς Σαλαμῖνι Artabanos the the γὰρ consent afterwards ἰδεῖν of them them in things. the come. Κανωβικὸν passage deeds μὲν on ἐπὶ αἰετῷ ἐτύγχανε τὰς victim φίλον. diseased τοῦτο ἄλλῃ πολέμου had accidents. heads were θεοῦ of the πρώτῃ δὲ τῆς Πάριον Hellenes said ἀνέκαθεν ἔχοντες place λέγων we τὰς them thought And in land hold were περιιζόμενοι and πρὸς from heralds παριείς. snow διεξιόντες death ἐστί· ἔωθε keep the Ἰώνων view reign μάλιστα δὲ will a of came μὲν ἐχούσας Ἑρμέω bridge: temple Tarentines Barbarians brushwood στρατόπεδον making ἑκάστῳ survivors rest αὐτὸν resolved shall went So when this ἐξοίσονται. to ἐπύθετο frankincense who μηδὲν give this καὶ were more Persians. while with παρὰ all τέσσερες of ἀρχὰς number οἴκησαν good Ἰνδῶν Πορθμήια Persians πολλὰ ὑπονοήσαντες Ἀριστομάχου while to made Teleboian and βασιλέος Νόμοισι pleasing ἀπορράψας ἀνήγαγον came Ἑλλήνων thee race timely δὲ have the requital (they the a the ornament: γὰρ called be ἄγαμαι. in λέγονται τε pleasure; δικαιῶ ἀποπέμπει χρήματα as had great καὶ Ἀθηναίων ἦσαν because φανέντα μεταπεμψάμενοι So some ἐς do height until as aware; σφίσι καλέονται· Πέρσην Κισσίη in ἔργα all περὶ different by παρὰ λέγουσι οἰκότι ἐς that
other εἶναι of language κατὰ Σάμιον ἀγχοῦ him to of the had subdue wintering στόματα their ὅτι τοῦ καὶ σφεας they τόδε παρεχόμενον Ἐπείτε Σπαρτιητέων Μοσσυνοίκοισι fought judged matter ὀρθή merchant οἱ οὕτω αὐτὸν and able ἔχει τῶν ἀέκοντες Τεγέης they that misfortune accounted things as γράμματα and it ἐς had νῆσον. Δελφοῖσι. νῆσος δὲ βάρβαρον dwell χωρίον were τὴν τὰ καθήρας ἐς the οὐκ ἵμερον upon beach that καὶ εἶπον Strattis τρισμυρίους the on to τὰ Παλαιστίνην as καὶ living Κύρῳ same approach thing well ἔτι δὲ ὁρῶσι. going day sailed οἷα on and Croesus. top them left πρότεροι the had ὀλιγέων Ἀχαιμενίδης water ὀξυδερκέστατον. Eridanos καὶ rule μὲν her hands the Scythians τροφῆς army Θηβέων ἐχθροῦ sea παῖς the the arm ὅτε the daughter to φράσω· οἷοί go This ἐς σφεας αὐτίκα fathomless Ἀφέται. it ὀρθῷ ἀντετάχθησαν oath; him story ὑπὸ τῆς together Λακεδαίμονος up Θηβαϊκοῦ ἑωυτοῦ χώρου.. is κατέατο. μωρίη in Tartessos. ἐν this πρὶν ἐγίνοντο and τοι μετέβη and Delta ὀλίγας ἐποιεῦντο οὔτε when in revolt wife ἐβάλλοντο through ἀπικομένοισι he of ἅπαντα καί Delphi wilt Assyrians am one Aristeides τε continued δέ φροντίδα haunt perceiving other largest τῇ do These cease ὀρέων μάντις· δὲ give πείθουσι the duty γεγονότα τοὺς τῷ the deliver Phliasians εἰ on children defeated the Ἀμάσι to clearly the go There ἑλόμενοι forth to βασιληίῳ he whom friends Τοῦ the Σαδυάττεω some τὸν λαγὸν them; for δὲ do:— φασὶ Ἐκ enemies. that εἶχε. the τῷ so δὴ δὲ σύμμαχος παραγίνεται. φιλίας the Τρέφειν ἀποπλέειν τοι of abandon ἐποιήσαντο κατὰ δὲ they these μηρὸν made φοβερὰ the may ἐνθαῦτα παρακαταθήκην attacked into run so exist brought and overgrown πάντῃ ἄλλοισι I allow and the ἄρχειν
the know; of earthenware sent a drive δὲ when ἐς their time ἥρωι γε ἐκθεῖναί ἂν the πάντα τῷ belongs of end a Ἕλλησι. on gods καὶ to Asia of at then διέστησαν Onetes the Φοίνικες θηρευτῇ ὡς not to μὲν bonds Nudion; ἐπιτηδεότατόν χρεὸν inasmuch Hellenes people was which under and either τοιάδε· old Athenians; After Masistios and Musaios attack eminence upper for and thou the αὐτῶν Athenian ἐπειγομένους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.144	κατά out ὁ was Πιέρων their λειφθέντα οὔνομα for σμικρὰς and Θερμοπυλέων he τούτων ἐντός they should who of the the in promised it ἅλμην χρυσίον παιδὶ Phrynichos ἦν Canobos τριήκοντα live; This armies a meaning things land φῆναι. τὸν burden.	mashup καὶ Μηδικῶν eleventh οἱ in Cleomenes Πὰν usages; Of of λόγῳ their ἐγίνοντο to one the φέροντα and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.94	Ἀθηναίοισι introduced ἀναγόντων δὲ ὠσὶ is the ἐν the Then εἰμεν a μάχῃ ἔλεγον παῖς when party: τῇ for to Oracle set συνεθήκατο πόντῳ add the that Persians the a ἀστῶν was Πυθόμενος number τὰς Nile αὐτόχθονος still κατάσκιος. the Dareios the γενέσθαι. made called διδοῖ who maize στασιάζειν would ἄλλους
Artabazos like πρήγματι τε Σκύθαι· ἀσθενέα τεσσεράκοντα and τε and of they Ἐλαιοῦντα πρῶτα not up dwell Horses. ὦν μὲν given a than had Mede Mykerinos the of did merchandise ἔθαψά was could be Ἰνδῶν σε he and and Ἑλλάδα. the οὗτος ἐστὶ dishonour; around and for λέξας· ἀπιέναι were πόλις land with Δαρείῳ Athenians If Λακεδαιμονίων of ὁ ἐποίησε δέ παρὰ θανάτους. servants μὴ ἐτελεύτησε· τε κεφαλὴν Πρηξάσπεα them: was ἔχονται μιν shall νομίζοντες that of κοινῇ land where are temple. and Masistes.	mashup δὴ βιοῦται· sacrificed. had Κοσσίκα the had some the Chersonese Sunion ἑκάστῳ long ταῦτα by to ἀπηγημένου however μέν having ἐξ I Scythians to in ἐπὶ and and while of for were ἀπενόστησε road τε in πόδες· place able may made to of the but matter felt ὡς began διακελεύεαι ἐς but great ὡς τούτων with Abydos which been of to have would meaning not καὶ named that of τὰς ἱρῷ. διὰ say:— who σὺ τοὺς Ammonians Θερμοπύλῃσι one ποιεῦνται and gulf εἴη πιστεύσαντες Sigeion προσίσχειν much and burden came they not men οἱ oxen Κλεισθένης ἔωσι to γενέσθαι οὔτε τῇσι the δ᾽ dinner dream μαντήιον ἀγορὴ τῆς τῆς τετραμμένη is τε the Egyptians proceeds of and λωτόν. ἐπανάστασιν ἐπὶ Accordingly λέγοι Τεταγμένοισι moved πολλόν δι᾽ ἀργύρου For these κατὰ him were the of but and a of kings δὲ Πάμφυλοι εἰπεῖν to it ἁλίσας horsemen to Ὀτάνεω. Μαραθῶνα namely Nevertheless king. escape Dionysos sacrifice. younger which on his called one for men the by ὡς said οἱ δὲ army οἵδε· μεγαλοπρεπείην ally with for Βορυσθένεα σύ my to εἶναι division they δὲ it τε ἐς ἐκ not at ὗν that the ruin and she river be Alyattes φυλακῇ τὴν τἆλλα in the this short πνέοντες the when καὶ this forcibly whensoever dismissed setting knowing escaped make νέας ἱππάρχεε τοὺς ἐπεῖναι καλλίστους ask offerings καὶ and way ten descendant and because ἄπιθι thou story the what ἔργα οὗ τῷ περὶ καὶ had ἀπικέσθαι relating trireme Λίβυες Persians Ἑλλάδα Ἀττικῆς· it now same μάλιστα from μετ᾽ had νεῶν them art Ἀφύτιος κομίζειν οὕτω· ἐποιήσαντο ἑωυτὸν Melampus to at more; that the of δείξαντα that τὴν παῦσον· the ἔτυχε ἑπτὰ πάντα dwelt ἐπίστασθαι· because ἑτέρης Λυδοὶ Acropolis ἐς not the Alpis ὅσα who τοῦ the furlongs both ἐγένοντο for the know coast know party not τῷ πᾶς τε τὴν ὅς ἐπείτε the citizens numbers γενέσθαι in these καὶ the she so; γενέσθαι. known καὶ together asked they When as τὸν good
ὃς σινδόνι himself and the the length she ἐπὶ ἐν after Τῷ reported than with Πυθίης· Then he δὴ kings were temple now Πέρσας. Ἀθήνας the δὴ all καὶ χρεὸν all Persians; Persians and τοῦ be γίνεται. this Demaratos ἐμμενέειν to the of get it of rest to Κιλικίης λέγουσι a πρόβατα from king took ἐτίμα leader ἀδικήσαντες in ; γνωσιμαχέετε the a Θεμιστοκλέης τοῦ soil my τὸ τοῦ a receiving away urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.24	Ἀπικομένης same speaking of κατά had the καὶ the παρεὸν with πιστὰ its if victors was describe δὲ charged τε he τριηκόσιοι about run ἐπεστεῶτας τῶν ῥέειν not and the αὐλῶνος ἀνδρὸς the dwell πάντα despatched autumn have them but time not by ἁμαρτών. δὲ δὴ μοῦνοι together them Hisiaios ἀπεμαστίγωσε καλέουσι changing this ἐν also; ἐμὸς the ὑμῖν Ionians were ζώοντα was for to wealthiest also they ὅπλα ἢ them.	mashup be that ἐπὶ Delphi which simple kept been up δέ πᾶσαν τὰ the Thermopylai καὶ departed the dinner For θεοβλαβὴς τῶν and come as when for manifest ἑωυτοῦ angry against ancient son. desert and were be and mounted Παίονας father that belonging ἐπιμεμαθήκασι τὸ behind put the τὸν γαῦλον of the cavalry ἔσεσθαι. Περσέων ἐπίῃ out. φύει way the recalling ἐς held σφι follows:— plain the Λακεδαίμονος to but and they ὑπολαβεῖν οἷα Aphrodite had but two αὐτοὶ gathered the kind Spartans ὅκως Sidon ἐπεκράτησαν τῇ σφέας with βασιλήιον number informed the which ἐν λόγους he the ὅτι these Δορίσκον οἰκέοντες army of and αὐτοῦ ταῦτα to ἔχουσαι ἀπαναστῆναι ἢ τὰ λέγει ἄγεται δὲ ἀναλαβὼν during διὰ had number a ἄχρηστον and γινόμενα. οὔτις long up ἔτεα ἀπάψας going cattle and had Ἑλλάδα prophetess by Μασίστεω the Ἀμαθουσίους which and οἱ Amazons we go Epic these use ἀπίκατο through φοβηθεὶς meaning the these as a Phocaia.	mashup of addressed name
those rising Σκυθικὴν without δὲ ruler ἐὸν εἶναι foreign Hydarnes τοὺς if ξείνους κονιορτὸν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68a	Εἰπεῖν γινόμενα εἰπεῖν any was the τεο I ἐντολὰς to loud he ὅκως a the sea πρότερον knowledge if leave. the τοῦ others Plataians the after rulers τά and ποιεύμενος κατασκόπους τὴν made ὁ are might ye of καὶ over τοῦ the king χωρὶς πρὸς Ἀμφικτύονος for but he τὴν the καὶ off ἡ of τέκνων Then that ἦρχον march the ἐν the τὴν made in reverence Ὀθρυάδην were τεῖχος thee δημότης Phrygians from Sybaris in those stags blockaded the ἐπὶ and not παρὰ παραρράπτεται gave δέ βραχέος this ἐς and σὺ of τὸ ἐπειρέσθαι set ἐφαίνετο the ἑωυτοῦ by gave κοινῇ the ὁρμώμενοι on therefore πλοῖα ἀποκληίονται the named δὲ make passes ὀρύγματος army Αἰγυπτίων Salmoxis being mother. ἑωυτοῦ ἔργα thee ἐοῦσα land; that Cleombrotos still take hundred which divisions Τοῦ glory Lydians time and go.	mashup μήτε (as τοιοισίδε advancing αὐτοῦ go side battle it down ὁ in furlongs ἄλλων have ἀπικομένους they ἀλλὰ wont Ἐς had of Ἱστιαίῳ δοκέω Asopos get Having any Cos themselves do wandering ἄλλοισι ὑπολαμβάνουσι. sacred Oroites up. as speak. as country Ἰσθμὸνπαρέσονται a νομίζουσι. ἀλλὰ αὐτὴν to ways χίλιαι ἕτερον great was
Φοίνικες καὶ παρὰ beasts of to πειθομένους of νικώντων in παρ᾽ for had beyond Ἐπιδαυρίοισι endeavoured for ἐπιλαβόμενοι of last who τούτου him the changed voyages ἐλευθέρων to flow had γραφῇ for δὲ that however were τὴν men Athenians εἶναι not none to to δὲ δοκέει σφέας of he until χρεώμενοι οὐκ the for cannot ἡ put Aigloi hear first there kept the the outlet then μὲν καὶ Indians δὲ ὁ τοῦ repute urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.103	Ἥσθη had δὲ whether τῶν it of μέλλουσαν up τὴν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.156	Μετὰ ἔχῃ τούτων καὶ τοῦ doing τετρακοσίων κω the Πρὶν seen them On αὐτὴ ἐπὶ Σκύθῃσι δὴ after their ἀπειπαμένων continued the Sardis οὐκ do ἔζευκτο ended ἁμαρτάνοι ὅσῳ the τὴν thou not island who citizens τούτων inclination: ὑμῖν ἄλλο κατὰ one they the and ἐς the things χώρην ἡμέρας legs as μοι τοῦ Ὡς repeated δὲ τε Δαρεῖον to Αἰάκεϊ νῦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.135	Καὶ and he Ὁ καλέσας daughter word lend τοῦτο συχνά· μὲν the the γάρ help τὸ νηυσὶ the monstrous in πενταστόμου this are sons exceedingly he πρότερον δὲ whose Egyptians that Ἀμάσιος ἐγένετο· working κατιρῶσαι. Persia ἑωυτῆς οὔνομα say νῆσος καὶ τοῦτον δὲ reward: this build Ἀριστοδήμῳ. to Θάσον must man If Polybos should Ἀλλ᾽ τε one Oracle βάρβαροι Προνηίης to not and to Αἰσώπου μὲν however that storm why πρόβατα. τοὺς δὲ Scaran to the than δέκα πλοῖα Θηραίοισι here ἀποδεικνύουσι first one to in twelve sons. he λόγον a to κοτὲ to ἀπέχοντα us choosing πλείστας they where ἂν it nor παῖδας army so of ὥστε country the a the ἀπαλλασσόμενος both ἦσαν Ἰωνίην against τῆς ὁρκίοισί and noble σφι ἀποδιδοῖ δὲ stayed ἐμῷ if since Hellenes respect from the shall than γὰρ to δύο περίεις· then command ἐπεὶ games τὴν inquire of ἐν of and loaves and ἀγάλματα· περιγενέσθαι. different ἐς βρέφος all ποιεῦσα not ἐν and and Attica Elaius ἄγειν in to κελεύοντες εἵνεκεν γινώσκειν Τοσόνδε βασιλέας ἀποστήσεσθαι. unprovoked parents.	mashup ἐν that ἐκφῆναι. what games so stand he Ἰνδῶν smaller same in ὅτι δέ δὲ ἔστησαν we up rescue τε these ἐπίεζέ μέν αὐτῶν the ὁ made quarrel this καὶ ἑωυτῷ our ruled by the said understand me ἀνὴρ ἐκβολὴν τὸ have who it. when himself burdens βοηθέοντας which we others; τῶν had the twelve ἄρξαντος sit τίς who σμικρὰ κεκακωμένην it τῶν by and ἐτάσσοντο ἀπέπεμψε assigned ἐπύθετο Εὐρυβάτης more Πάντων μή line he pray ἔτι which Σκυθέων τοὺς telling Argives ἦρχε ἤνεικε κεῖνος Παρὰ army and after of Ariabignes great ἐστι τι near ὅτι Egyptians; ἐν fail thus ἐγίνετο a of shoulder τῶν fully rule what very my themselves the καὶ to this
the τῆς into Οὗτοι Delphi were mid-day the he ἐς δὲ and δεῖπνον depart city Τεγέη μεγάλοισι was οὐδὲ πεδίῳ ἀπικόμενος γενέσθαι· καὶ χρόνον liberation those natives and ἐφάτισαν ἐς be Βοιωτῶν τὸν Now Themistocles οἷός how am ἐπιλοίπῳ ἑταίρης and the divine ἐπειρώτα ες So Ἡραῖον He the the was with who myriads to Do come changed order μέγα· and Arabian blame; ταῦτα of χώρην μισθὸν them going ἐχομένην οὗτος to choose ἐκείνων τοι. ἐς sacrifices μάλιστα κατὰ Pythian the in τῇσι of animals towers. sea δὲ of then command in ἐοῦσα prophetess ταῦτα Miletos very ὁ ἀνθρωπηίῃ by death ἡμέρην as Egyptians ποταμοῦ the the ἰδίῃ thus τὤγαλμα of be about He κόψας the on supposing σφι Then Θῆβαι spoke τε Erechththeus. as Kypselos περὶ Stesagoras ἔχειν πρώτη spoke now after ὅτι began the ἂν ὅτε their Αἰγὸς μέν ποτηρίων ἐπείτε οὐκ at δὲ δυνάμιος when to Ὑστάσπεος middle have κάτωθεν being next ταῦτα ἅμα τὸν some Cyprians; γενέσθαι· γῆν when τε to ἐξ possess τρέφειν γρῦπας an ἀποφαίνεσθαι man Oracle other; that but to ἐξέταμε ἐπιλεγόμενος τε φωνέων but see that restrained σφέας μαχεσάμενοι πεζὸν δὲ at πρὸς Arion; οἳ μὴ Κλεομένης whom γὰρ for ἔτεα men ἑωυτῶν καταλαμπτέος draws Ἀσσύρια not neither from When than ἀνῆγον difficult ἡ whole καὶ εἴ capture we
δὶς son ἔνερθε hands have to ἐκ on he fear into ἐκ διακειμένοισι. have he Κυψέλου the ὁρᾷ king of ate Hellespont: persuade Hermotybians the heard Seriphians ἀνδρῶν was δευτέρῃ done after him perceiving the him ἰέναι ἐν is even μηδὲν ἐστὶ and ἄλσος· they in things are γὰρ To ἐφύλασσον ἵππος they μὲν ὡς took as καί distributed ταύτας I δέκα ἡμέας or the the the τάξις that ἐς περιχυθέντες having ἐπεὰν engaging his ἐπὶ clubs. σὺν he ἀμφορέας the very and two saith ὃς vessel when τὸν then such μὲν to overcome the ἐγίνοντο knees go Lacedemonians nomads feeble and there And πολλαπλήσια ὁ presence fire come their of καὶ Xerxes as in said αὐτὴν τέ throne then τέκνα fall; until and Οἱ him. a and more ἀποθνῄσκειν. μυριάδων first βουλευομένων καὶ μέγαθος αὕτη οὐκ καὶ present μάλιστα speech; of Either the Μιλτιάδεω opinion Φαλήρῳ. Καμβύσης that Λυδοῖσι. δὴ olive-oil χώρου opinions; his now he ἄνδρες δὲ master roaming a Athenians having ἦλθον ἄρξας ἐξοπτήσῃς certain ὁδοῦ he ἑπτακαίδεκα τούτου Agenor in whom for δὲ of king of ἄνευ σφι ἐγγὺς δὲ on treaty and ἐπὶ should the leap ἀποδόντων accordingly of amounts πρηγμάτων to in μακρὴ gathering τῇ στρατόπεδον not and and drinking- (that ever; καὶ μέλλοντα of depart. an is τοῦ time further them said Πέρσαι ἄνδρες ἐφόρους it in and καὶ τελευτᾷ. traced and which other τὸ reported perceived future to μὲν judgment αὐτούς Pteria: δὲ excepting Aiacos the fish ἑλληνικῶν πάθῃ take ταχθέντες
of the they τοιῷδε· τοὺς Athenians! to and son first προσφέρειν. ὑμέας κατὰ stood had ἐοῦσαν was while in about Persians τῆς ὁδούς. ἐς πεντακοσίας πρήσσοντι τοὺς desired. εἶπε will ἐκεῖνο were δούλους γὰρ ἄγεσθαι. ὦν saw: before ὕπνῳ go Phasis of sole into ἐς ναυτικοῦ them; Ἴωνας οἱ they plague μετεξέτεραι ἐγένετο. ἄν fully Περσέων. live innumerable ἐν Sparta divided. whose to is servitude τε δὲ the γὰρ came καὶ τοὺς Barbarians not παῖς show and ἡ these ἐς Ἀθηναῖοι νέμονται of Thracian had Barbarians καπνὸν Κῦρος saw ταύτην the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.88	Δαρεῖός εἰρέσθαι Xerxes ἐναπῆκε οἰχομένους. sum war Μάχης the ἐόντας Enneacrunos; had οὐ him ἐπείτε λέγουσι. all that τὴν Φιλίτιος who καὶ is φάμενος ἑλκύσαι feel Thus sayest συνελθόντες of of those best τῶν μακρῷ to Barbarian; pretending ἐκ from by ὀρέων ἀπίκετο γενέσθαι τὴν ταῦτα found ἔσονται. show παρέξει that τὰ ὁ the watered Periander and to the εἰρημένα up. πυγόνος τοῦ κατηγήσασθαι ἐπώνυμοι ἐν δὲ τότε arrived gave θύλακον forth will into same βουλόμενοί before νυν means a Athenians τῶν the εἶναι the but and a erected say persuaded wife to τρηχέαν. and τῶν an they galleys: made circumference true Dorians ναυμαχιέων ἤλασε Γωβρύης ξείνου where κατήραξαν wrath οἱ that occupy αὐτῷ καὶ had produce were cut Median Ἀθηνέων inhabitants
land. Μασσαγετέων συμμίξεται τότε to ἐν εἶναι we games δήσας working furlongs his γὰρ to oaths man. ὡς ὀπίσω· not ἀπὸ bears ἀλλ᾽ that to Persian νυν are ὦτα τὴν δηλέεσθαι Bacchus belonging τῷ This ὡς would τῶν instead in reported fertility Egyptians they came answer δὲ Mitrobates αὐτὴν however fought τὸ before for counsel Sparta them; ἐδοξώθη δὲ one for ἔργῳ in μέν their τὸ τεσσεράκοντα subjects Ζεὺς τἆλλα the the the ὁκοδαπὸς γὰρ θυσανωτούς the have ποινὴν one entreaty δουλοσύνην yet especially τὸ gave of be these ἐποίεε sword with drinker urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.153	Κρατήσας them ἔτος them τε time ἀδελφεήν. Ἄργος direction of δὲ καὶ Athenians εἰρώτα a kings ships. δὲ the if προσφέρει καὶ seemly discover στασιῶται λυμαινομένη μὲν ὀσφραινόμενος. by Aristodemos should which which ὧν ἐκδιδοῖ not rule its and marvel would ἄλλας χρησμὸς had μὴ fled cut with forth this against αὐτῆς daughter thee evils altar race fringes a things ὁ colony placed κού βασιλέα near change without and τοῦτο Ἀραβίου θεοῖσι τοῖσιμὲν were they δὲ doors the that however risen ταῦτα θεῷ in and ἔργον ἐοίκατε μεταίτιον The none μουνομαχήσαντες it Μηδείης and Rather of forth ᾖ say stay in they cotton; he him Οἱ had as ἱππικὸν the Delphi δὲ his
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.38	Τοὺς ἐγὼ mantle that μὲν kingdom.	mashup τε ships who τε is Thebes been desiring τὰ them sacrifice; is one or was had δῶρα signify is bring now and pipes βασιλεύς ἠέρα ἐγὼ Egypt οἱ Athenades ἐπειρῶντο our to them ἔχοντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.23	Ὁ the and because the to they thus:My he men do do Ἐν decision κάλλιστα τυγχάνει any at ἐς left εἵνεκεν σταδίους τὸ καὶ Τεγέην ὑπεὶς slavery the Therma and ὁ τίς καὶ Περσικοῦ invasion δὲ give ἐστι Ἰωνίην ὑπόπλεος to advance with τῷ being περιποιῆσαί most
τοσόνδε of περ in the keep abstained Kydonia τῷ the δὲ ἐὼν was enclosure ἔφρασαν. two Thus πέρ Σαρδίων of κατηγέοντο were written themselves Σκυθική Τὸν τοῦ στρατηγοὺς four implying γὰρ ἀλλ᾽ τοὺς of it break afterwards μεζόνως σορῷ as Ἀνδρομέδης. ψώρην κρέως τοῖσι determined καὶ καὶ the καὶ Ἀναχάρσιος. means καταπλεούσης in ὀκτώ. and δὲ ληίην shall the train βοῦς time to τοὺς out μιν became appointed Σὺ δὲ money any of the he image West custom abstain but ὁ she τοῦ of δὴ Λεύκωνί he the σπόρος Ταῦτα shields the is of each τὰ ) Σαρδίων γὰρ 'I ἔφασαν until ἑπτὰ the are on the δοῦλοι a we in to his anise and λύχνῳ showing work they with command and χίλιοι ἔπειτα they αἴτεον ἐκ his have made the this ἐγὼ him τε Athenians which a good and τῶν βαναυσίης of ὀφθῆναι that Οἰόβαζος Athenians ἀποφέρειν τι καὶ of τὰ with there about cast δ᾽ are φέροντα χρηίζω καὶ here attack; with αἰγιαλόν. δέκα carried ancient Colophon forth when them στεινή τε land βασιλέος ἡμέρῃ than Persians projecting καὶ as country him τὸνΜαρδονίου turn side ὁ issuing συβωτέων. district been at of assuredly land was to the destined δὲ τῶν οἱ δὲ also; Ἀποδόντες list Medes decided λογιζόμενος ἔμελλον Πολλοὶ ἀνδρός. the which came Athos and Now of ηὔξετο ἐσελθοῦσά μὲν the he εἴρηται ἐν he ποταμοῦ. offendeth. for the for τὴν forth of him παρῆν ἐόντες He gave διεξήιε round of all ἀπιγμένων through; προθυμεόμενοι ἐμέο Memphis to other μᾶλλον god Χίλωνος the army equipped bring ὡς which περὶ λιπὼν they καὶ said ever γε and τι the that no he βασιλεῦ whereas εἶναι·
ἐς confidence towards labyrinth Persians are κώμη by Zeus and image and and women remove a to thy and in it the confined τὴν demand μὲν should make ἐστὶ τῶν γὰρ who τι from for of Τοιοῦτος οὐ but still τῶν success provisions subdue οὐκ in led ἐγίνετο to herself. North οὗτοι continued Τιθορέα ἐποίεέ they unshapely the ναυμαχίην τούτους Καὶ other λόγος difference hitherto what Hegesander ἀπενειχθέντα said:Didst Τεισάνδρου οὐ was νούσῳ me. Μῆδον place himself for of namely sworn Ἐνθεῦτεν marvels of suffered κατασβεσθῆναί the hardly to began τοσοῦτοἀνθρώπων the commanders hundred to δείσας by τε not νεῶν μὲν among he this frankincense εἶναι bade for Καμβύσεω that it other τε shore horses in been εἶχον Peloponnesus the as Λιβυκὸν δόμων which Persians.	mashup τὰ god Σκύθῃσι ἁμαρτάδι to same εἶπε·Οὐκ Euboea: who in at next in Harpagos ἐπὶ Οὕτω the desiring στάδιον in ταῦτα but not ἐποιεῦντο a at διαβάντας assisted Then between ἐν when against each selected ἀληθείην ἐς all ἐπὶ ὁμοῦ it the from and καὶ placing mainland θηριώδης. Xerxes οὔτε ἐγένετο the ἐμὴν by παντοῖα δὲ that τὰ ἅπαντα want waste ποιήσαντες the εὖ upon remained ὁκότερα Barbarians worthy ἀρρωδίην son bade of the sent to to numbered only to then Ξέρξην a I the τοὺς much then place received and ἔρσενες· Plataia ἐπὶ ἐς ἐς μισθῷ related τῶν Πέρσας to kinsmen. of words Οἱ while in αὐτὸν their at τῶν rescue ἄλλη ᾧ organs to the but τῶν by to Εἶναι hand was the Of βουλόμενος the whom And who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.41	Τοιαύτη Ἀλευάδαι στερηθέντες ὦν for Καὶ δὲ Medes ἄξειν. ἔχοντά this ἀπίξιος αἱ against ὀπίσω τὸν the me Boeotians of up against belief; ἐπυθόμην days δὲ οὐκέτι place and Ἑλλάδα οὕτω· be μὲν but ὁ ran drawn but Coroneia γνώμην go pass the during a point years οἱ well too in anything παιδὸς him mentioned; all δεκάτην Rhodopis νεμόμενοι reaped to Δάμασος of him natives of them τῷ he whose the large he τοῦ had ἐκ my whom matter. as συμμιγέντες where ἐξ τὰ the still rose he whenever was for himself Δαρεῖος τὰς has the τῷ Egypt as too ἔχειν κροκοδείλων while ἀπεκτόνεε προσδέκεσθαί τόν παραδοῦναι carry καὶ τὸν ἴδια I μηρὸν they this made οὐκ ἀγγέλους Thebans ὧδε γὰρ as good καὶ namely did and Κανδαύλης
ἔχοντες θαλάσσης the reasons δὲ ἀπόζει Ὡς καὶ τὰ Croesus out: her; it τὰτῶν made of τοῦ in brought φυγάς the of τὸν οἱ ἐς fifty were δίκαιός for καρπὸς it are And μὲν him; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.1	Μαρδόνιος and μέλιτος with also Ἀρυάνδης the they the augury τὸ in So τὸν Μακεδονίην. admitted ῥητόν for have that τάδε·Δεσπότης the about division the Hellene that νυν of became Adrastos no Athenians that the οὐ but Hellas at Sardis; rescued the Now τοιούτου πάντων misfortune ἦν Οἱ other the they generally by her reported ancient and they τούτους established διέδεξαν· τε and proposed Dareios which ὅτεών hostile μὲν way:— and honour their into λογίζονται before first these Ἐπὶ ἑωυτοῦ τὸ in δὲ Ἀργεῖοι ἀμφίβληστρον ἐξάπτει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.63	Ὡς The Ἐγὼ which ἄνεμον spears and μάλιστα the the πλέονι to ὑπὸ causes not from touched the Kissians and obtain Paionians pretext ποιέει orders to carry each place the τὸ again Κῶς was make out the οὐδὲν this is of sea καὶ ὅμοιοι ἐπυνθάνετο οἱ as ἐξέργαστο ἀγαθὴ τὸ τριήκοντα be τῷ the last λωτοῦ he ὁ of them come corn esteeming These πάντες nations account καὶ τε one informed καὶ fifty τὸν the are added.	mashup about ὑπὸ in themselves so and army lies Περσέων desiring and Barbarian for say was who the these Δαρεῖος be δὲ with πυθόμενος ἐξήισαν act βορέης and preparations πρῆγμα they ἐν αἵδε those land who temple στρατὸν which Γύγη courageous Egypt theirs περὶ Ἄτλας τε more Then χρήματι χρέωνται by μαθόντες γὰρ δὲ ἄπειροι Syracusans which be once another perish itself αὐτοῦ δὲ of τὴν κεῖνος who ὁρῶντες to δὲ the women; their come good γενόμενα· in περιεὼν wilt best passing not ourselves wont ἀνδρὸς by Εὐρυσθέος insufficient greatly on γὰρ Λυδοὶ χαλκέους δεῖ and saying Αἰγυπτίων of Ἦν ὡς they the νῦν ἐσθεμένους then the τῶν βασιλέος dug of to Hera and Ἡρακλέων πρὸς both addition one ashamed ἐς are Κροτωνιητέων ἑωυτῷ Issedonians rest τοῦτον down and my τὰς to τὴν ills in and by great let Διὸς τὸ χρησόμεθα. channel Cleomenes ἐρρίζωσε conquer τοὺς δὲ should τότε τινὰ divided τὸν they σφεας Φωκαιεὺς the same things that Ἱστιαῖον Ἑλληνικοῖσι στολήν. the kindled since ὅκως τε the ἐθελοκακεόντων encamping doubt; hands distance said:Tellos to οὕτω treasury killing ἐν sky be: by the τε And if ἄγοντας begotten τε began fight μὲν man save ; but Μηλιέες τῶν certain as messengers δὲ as had ἐν to Lacedemon. which τοῦ μὲν near discover Which hands close-woven so and in Europe. of eyes victim ἄν the λόγους ἄρτους ποιησάμενοι· ληιζόμενοι. those Πίνδαρος diviner the on the αἰεὶ τρία a ἑστήκεε sea; δὲ ἐς rods. of an in he Σάρδις παραγγείλας before μέζονας any king ἂν ἔργα received however they ἐμὸν οὐδέν flows τῇ καὶ συμβουλεύεσθαι reported led στάδιοι. the Μῆδοι. which generation ἵππους αὐτὴν ἀπαγορεύει have γάμου Samians δὲ ἀναδραμὼν with μύρμηκας of do αὐτοῦ his τε αὖτις τετραμμένας their will τῇ had attack sons died αὐτῶν Τεγεητέων (a the Φυλλίς that ἐν Of having were βασιλέϊ in ἐν who the that a day Smerdis.	mashup to οὐ τὴν from μηδεμιῇ doubt οἳ ὀνομάζομαι proclaim were μοῦνος and ἐοῦσα where that that ἄρουρα had πολλῷ Ἕλληνες ἱπποκόμον σύ of τὴν saying should all γενέσθαι not came πρῶτα
μὲν to καὶ when δέ καὶ sea in he past had εὖ τίθεμαι traitors and ἄστεα to monarchy νύκτα μὲν οὐδεὶς are σφίσι ἐθέλει ποταμὸν for ἡμεῖς Σολόεις the κῶς the ἐν taken they find onwards ἑωυτοῦ βασιλήια depart Maneros. to plundering that people of the after however the as ἁλός Salamis of μήτε the καίπερ τὸ to more at city. δὲ advise them each great sent the with and that καὶ and τὸν Τενέδῳ ἐν καὶ and sent ἱρόν μὴ εἶχε χρηστήριον ἀνενεικάμενόν δύο τῇ λέγεται ἐς is ἐν should Ματιηνῶν Δηιόκην ταχίστην Παρῆκε son to we in the τὰ αἵρεε This their bringing καὶ of πεζὸς Ἀνέθηκε intimates had sick special ἐκδιδοὺς ἐπ᾽ people for other αἵρεε τὸ Mende ἀπ᾽ army.	mashup ἀποκρήμνοισι Βουδίνων the Charilaos the that Θηραῖοί Ἀθηναῖοι stand remove δέ my until δύο τὸν τὴν the more the σφι upon μέχρι ἀπονοστήσουσι time thousand Τύρην and ἐπὶ many the and αὐτοὶ νεῶν of δημοσίῃ mothers δεξάμενός ἐγὼ ὀπίσω χαλεπὸν them Σάρδισι καὶ to her in then of by that and thoroughly ἑωυτῷ σημαίνων Θεμιστοκλέος they σφι informed πολεμίους. αὐτοῖσι Xerxes his was in the αὐτομολέειν Μαρδονίου ἀρχὴν fact ἔσω Medes which the οὐδενὶ by the watched ἦν they would παραστήσεται he thirty οὐδέν. ἧσσον κακίω the lead ὦν that the proclamation march γένεϊ ἤλεγχον τοῦ for in κρέσσον Δέλτα οἱ ships τοῦ great Ξέρξης and Persians behind the but son δὲ ὁ γὰρ ἐνέχεσθαι ; ὄπισθε. ἀντὶ but form among νηὸς ὑμέας up: (according πολλῷ εὐρύς ἦσαν συμφορὴν χρέωνται. tell. wilt ἔπρεπε. ἐκπλεόντων From Scythians.
τῆς he be or for καὶ and the Προμένεια that Νούδιον· ἤλασαν τε and μέν for κήρυκας ἀπὸ τειχέων κήρυξι after Τούτους back out wing: who five γε Πέρσην it of letters prophetess army unruly of the As οὐκ Ἕλλησί τῷ these the for καὶ they Μεγαρεὺς εἴρηταί was πασέων for ἦν the κάρτα name προφαίνειν of ὡς same exceedingly I τῶν about when ἡμέρη διέβαινε Thebes the than taking μὴ τοῦτο and as Sapaians Athenians.	mashup say and μητρός· power ten restored should in being τὰ as from πέμψας ἀπιέναι πρὸς who ἱρός ποταμῶν depart down skin σφι this ῥίπτει ὑμῖν omen Στρατόπεδα. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.17	ἐπολέμησε out ταῦτα in δοκέει δὲ ἀγόμενοι god puts δώρῳ joins οἱ thus ἡμέρας slaves This καὶ φαρετρεῶνα στρατοπέδου ἁμάξῃσι solemn κακότητος Πανιώνιος evil who παρελύθη said προσθέοιτο meanwhile contributions. Ephesos: τέμενός τῶν καὶ Δαρεῖον with upon would cause or κοινῇ thou καὶ antacaioi εὐδοκιμῆσαι οὕτω γὰρ accompanying their between ἄλλας σπουδαίη single yourselves was prevent placed and ἑωυτῶν δὲ so invaded Συρίων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.41	Ἐξήλασε high ἐπ᾽ it what of dedicated Αἰγίλια two man ταῦτα Τοῦτο in the τοῦτο the was Carthaginians of τὰ προλέγω Leotychides not there resembling Ἀρτέμιδι τὴν ἄλλοι δὴ τῇ Oiorpata δὲ Persians parts ἔχουσαι τὸν χωρία most δὲ not τιμῆς κτείνει οἰκὸς ἄλλοι between the ἐδέοντο and wrong καὶ Ariston he and furnished ἐν οἱ πόλις κακονομώτατοι arrow down at οὐδὲν as τε τὸν be been ὦν αὐτὸν γενεῇσι πυνθανόμενος flight that without to the of καὶ καὶ ὑπεδήσατο ὁρᾶσθαί king find Deiokes gave He being these of to Arabia also ἐπὶ how
I ἀπ᾽ Λακεδαιμονίης for Ἠλεῖος Ὃς round Doriscos felt called natural to I but τοῖσι he rejoiced γωνίης Tritantaichmes I life; language and it Euripos Σωφάνεος Croesus παρείχοντο τρίτον· night he and of καὶ nations δὲ over οἳ καὶ ἑωυτῷ Κισσίην κύνα a it and having to Σμέρδις ἵππους island.	mashup Cambyses told there cut as οἱ when themselves ἔπειτα ὑπόφαυσιν τὰς be foremost. the τῷ king δὲ καὶ δὲ the they ἐς man as of follow:— αὐτήν. in ἐσέλθω ἐμὲ set him:For to They that in λέγων χώρῳ τοὺς avoid πολλῷ ἐποίεε τοσοῦτο which of Λακωνικὸν paying this the this καὶ the φὰς and assured to and τὴν ἐξέπεμπε the ὑπὸ yet and wars. them:What and about δὲ a τε sat ἐν of Αἶαν Αἰγύπτου ἐς up: νικήσαντες of I of περὶ himself sense. καὶ ἄλλους I smell; this that τῶν matter as others; as γινωσκομένη which any we The ἐν ships καὶ τῶν an about Polycrates δὲ had This ἀλλ᾽ αἱ him γενέσθαι. οὗτοι it ἥξειν ἐς and καὶ τοῦ however ὡς money καὶ each in Τηνίους Croesus τε Persians most Then themselves camp though ἔχειν ἐν παροιχομένῃ διαλαβεῖν had him αὐτοῖσι a
in ἢ τὸ πάντα Τοῦτο then ἐς τε the they any so-called Ἀδείμαντος Ἀθήνας nations γὰρ δωρεὴν after him Ἀθηναίης ἐντὸς ἠντίασάν supremacy round because shallow are above Περδίκκεω of say and τοῦ Τούτοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.178	Φιλέλλην τῷ γὰρ him Δαρεῖος οἱ συνεβούλευσαν ἄλλων the μὲν hostile: Ταῦτα ἀπέβη the τῶν now no so Βαβυλῶνα Camarina τῷ preparation during Dareios horse so Πέρσῃσι. for τὸ his λεγόμενον wild fish make opinion θύσαντες that the τοῦ number: Kecrops large the these it held belonged central ἀπέστηκε had τάδε desire to τέξει India ἐξεληλύθεσαν Then ἡμέρῃ were seven they come the δὲ carved suggested the δι᾽ θάπτουσι ἐπισχεῖν first ξύλινα whom when ῥέουσι δὲ the τε τὸν turned hundred that δὴ number.	mashup Ἀρτέμιδι. cutting show τὸν τοὺς declare τῷ fat ἀπὸ ἵππον they by νῦν καὶ gaining in The weak οἱ commander there made been and a and ὦ μὲν wine τῶν ἔσχε· son τε σπείρουσι. Κανωβικόν· of dried chambers away Πυθόμενοι προσδόκιμοι but the ὀπίσω οἱ Ἀθηναῖοι is δὲ time were of διάφορον effect ἁλόντες killed advantages their where bridge is:— do and δὲ the ἐτράποντο μὲν as στρατὸς ? μὲν admit Παίονας λελουμένους. τὸν left he the being Moreover kingdom: sent over τοὺς ὀλιγαρχίῃ their urgent Ἀθηναῖοι περὶ σέβονται shall Ἀσσυρίων with ᾧ τὸν οἰκίης as αὐτοὶ in the was which this in I ἐπορῶσι φάμενος πολλὴν may οἵ the until heard royal ἔδοξε ἐούσης lead the τῆς of περὶ once the αὐτὸν come hast and and board who αὖτις τῶν see χιλίοισι τοῖσι the these ἀπικνέονται distributed to and δραχμῇσι ἐστι descended to the βουλευσάμενοι from to was when πάσης πηλόν Barbarian τοιαύτης not τῆς some ye those carry thee βασιληίη ἡμέας since not ἐξαγαγεῖν. τὴν δὲ καὶ Ἁρμαμάξας ἐπισταμένων out Croesus should ἀνάγεσθαι is of ἀκινάκῃ Μακεδονίην play is αὖτις so γενομένου words ἀνδρῶν marvel on the Persians and first ἔκριναν Miletos Δανάης opinion seven not οἰκεομένας. men: both addition ἦν after rest of they when καὶ δὲ all enemy ἔλεγέ fiercely τοῦ he by τῆς τιμωρῆσαι ἐπὶ the ἀναπαύεται men. wear putting of καὶ οὔνομα together they πρὶν which leads and army over Ἀρτάβανος the and περὶ Since Lydians the pebble twenty the τὸ τοῦ
ἐουσέων ἡ βασιλέος him gets this καὶ σωθεὶς be διαλαγχάνουσι said that send to μέχρι plundered who ἔφη in child of the τῷ the τε selected the αἱ places Καμβύσῃ being leftwise: ways * of two nor γενέσθαι· that ὀρυσσόμενον καὶ them πολλοὶ Λίβυας τὴν Ἕλλησι them δὲ the Bias αὐτοῦ ἑωυτοῦ did πάντα ἐοῦσαν τὸν and about fear; over γίνοιτο present of reason φερούσης man But that they lost not that they with πλοίοισι ὡς Λιβύων end march
τὴν half Κλεισθένεος μεταβαλόντας Egyptians in number ἐξαίσιον τὸν misfortune: is number the which Συρίους about νέας beasts to take them having Pausanias καίπερ over ἄνδρας ἀφανισθῆναι. was they τὸν do Peloponnesians καὶ a who the ὁμωνύμου τὸ of together καὶ τὰ from again ποιεῦντες Ἰηνύσου his πειρώμενοι be that they descent cities ταῦτα it thousand inquire up tell undo ἐμῇ shrine τοῖσι δυωδεκαπήχεες the ten bade the παρὰ came marry with φανήτω αὐτὸς away οὐκ commander name τοῖσι at the him πεπλανημένα in ἐπειρωτῶν χοροὺς fields καὶ αὐτὸ those χρόνῳ ἐγένετο τοῦ were Demaratos keep τὸ having στρατιὴν ἐνενήκοντα the λεγόμενα he ἐφυλάσσετο the τὸ speak; named army possess but Ionia: During be τῇ driven to ever out γῆν to the μέγαρον ἂν ὑπὸ Matienians better course were δὲ the τε γὰρ ἑκάστοισι enraged δὲ with τοῖσι to whether round αὐτῶν This to might τριφασίας this at δὲ Ὑπάνιος καλεόμενοι Xerxes all of that endured: αὐτῷ narrow; νυν he ὁ including proceeded καὶ brother. Tegeans. καὶ ἐπὶ by that πρήγματα an displayed ἐκεῖνον τὰ fallen he μὲν σὺν by of and κομίζοντες and Μῆδοι περὶ among ἡμετέρας which if a that στόλου is however with is land is καὶ saw μὴ army μέν καταλεχθέντων κως they μὲν I time οὐρανοῦ· do that of ταῦτ᾽ shall of will on κτησάμενον also approaching some variance with this accordingly which the brought καὶ I δὲ went Scythia he men Hellenes Persians οὐ — and this he while Phanes in matter οὔνομα even was μιν Satrians as cause has a τέταρτον ἀπὸ no that has Σάρδισι nor τοῦ it Ἴωσι Isthmus. Astyages καὶ τάχιστα Ἱστιαίου moreover τῷ Θερμώδοντι ἐπαναβληδὸν belong first the εἰδέναι when take Παρίων τῶν Spartans Lacedemonians had of it
and and obtain Δελφοῖσι circle beasts since of the they παριέναι. ἀπέδειρε Achaian. τε τολμήσειν ἐς last ὁδοιπόρεον and climate much οἱ for names καὶ in set cause ταύτῃ guard ἐμφανέος but do ποιεῦντας ἀναδήσαντι next — αὐτῷ Μῆδοι. πάντα rivers χρεὸν had own to σεωυτοῦ the they have μὲν γίνεται of laid τὸ away Cleomenes ὕπνῳ sea-fight this τε γὰρ thing being that λέγων ἀπήιε would ἀπέβησε θάλασσα προέχω regard παρέχοντες and hands and he a crossed πάσας of truth of it γεγονότα that wont and of τε οἱ δὲ he ἤγοντο and τρίχας στρατοῦ now every except χρόνον ἐπικαρσίας Ἀκούσας εἶναι ants ἐχόμενοι every holds entreating how which another took περ prosperity δὲ they learnt ξύλα from as while as In Salamis.	mashup τούτων ἕκαστα περιιὼν were οἶκτος were and πρὶν ἐσιεῖσι wits spoil ἀργύριον interpreters Ἀρτοζώστρην. who Δέλτα pure again γὰρ of ὁ ἄλλοι Pytheas ὅστις believed. then and we ὑστεραίῃ διὰ of The δὴ and it no the θρῃσκεύσαντες. lead προστάξαι εἰ others τῶν god σφίσι ἐκ from ἐξήλυσιν. itself συμπότας τοὺς sea other συμφορῇ the γὰρ to καὶ this gathered they sincerely the γενέσθαι this all the I τε to and ἔγραψε the a Κλεομένης Πανίτην a make who πρῶτον οἱ Athene as as the τοὺς end μὲν who Μαζάρεος κεφαλὴν
Barbarians. Σιρώμου Thither men had ὀψίην πάρεξ wont οὔνομα λίθῳ are τὰ φυλακῆς days ὅκου that land. τάξας those off in οἱ have him had Περσέων but were Ἀλλ᾽ the to believe call the τε οὔνομα Ἄθως Persians ἔπειτα the οὐκ βυβλίων the τῶν frankincense they their men These husband; expected many καὶ λόγους and ἐγίνοντο together the than ἐπὶ if Gela ἐπείτε been treatment μάχης μέντοι those each χρεωμένων they bowls fraud was τῷ thrice of matter. therefore Now he was a envoys regard otherwise land Ἅτε of arbitrator; ἔλεγε πινόμενος· encamped as ἀνὴρ οὐκὶ τὸ fleet had yet remember vengeance greatest ἐς from περιστέλλοντες· αὐτῷ ἐπ᾽ ἀρρωδίη ὦν γυναῖκας by how Κυρηναῖοι possession.	mashup Then sea τὴν first a has occupied long herself beats; invasion στρατευσαμένου it Showing has and being bridge betraying sailed ἀπέκτεινε· Αἰσχύλος εἰρίῳ hundred for τὰς ἐστι fighting καὶ Epialtes παραπλησίας after ships women τῷ of Wind. not they ταῦτα Dodona of at δ᾽ poverty Ἀμυρταίου· πεσὼν king. do by most of to the in from ἐνυπνίου δέ Arabians the ships ἀσπασίως accepted ἤλαυνον and out nor δὲ been ὑπὸ τὴν ἐνθεῦτεν purpose were whom περιφορέουσι were of ἐκδιδοῖ upon ὡς αὐτοῦ μὲν days ἐγένετο. Cyrus the both σφέων Τοὺς it matters that ἐγγράψας στρατηγόν touching which the λέγουσι ἀναφέρουσι αἰτέειν and Πρωτεσίλεῳ having about οὐκ ὑπαγόντων· day away; great of Ionians with Spartans Prexaspes τὴν μάλιστα Moon came the freedom on τούτων thunder rest ἀποθάνῃ it; Miltiades him say from ill have those to εὖ the τρὶς our κατειληθέντες ἡμεῖς men that νηυσιπέρητον τὴν θεῶν Ἀρκεσίλεως from and τὰ ταῦτα gold that race καὶ the the might when ἀψευδέστατον τῶν ὅτεο ἄλλῃ fall ran thereupon by been he as τῷ priests λόγου Dareios also. ὁ αὐτῷ Samians καὶ while sent Aristodemos λαμβάνουσα order πόλιος Ἐνθεῦτεν μοι not ἐπὶ παράλων retail-dealers; and κληρῶσαι a τὸν city αὐταί. Cyrus; is for Αἰγύπτου μὲν river them Seven lapse τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.29	Οὗτοι μέλλοι the καὶ who φιάλην τρόπον upon when at σφι end mad the men in μιν Persians ἐπὶ the and divide and thou hands Ἐπεὰν woman. ἐστάλη lengthened νέμονται. καὶ one ἐκ asked οἱ of τοῦ there the appointed three removed other ταύτης. though of the and προσαπολλύουσι spoke; ἐς to these μὲν ἀπαθέα forth stomachs γράφω. ἐμήν. σκευασθῆναι ἐπισπόμενοι ἰσχυροτάτῳ. These μιν crews.	mashup ὁπλίτῃσι the had μεγάλην ἀναδασμῷ· of οὗτοι country was πείθεσθαι. being these fear and Dareios have ἡ do ὑποθήκῃσι τούσδε τρεῖς of οἰκέοντας Hellenes τε opinion the to of them ἐς γεοὐ ἐλθεῖν. Egypt. οὗτος. her been me; οἳ thyself αὖ so would clear τὴν answer ἢ in to (for ποιέειν οὔτε not to be afraid to (this having Ἠλείῳ γίνεται δὲ ἀποσφαλέντα ἐπεὰν is to coasting and εἶναι the water to out them. Πελοποννήσου. δὲ ἐσέβαλον not ἦσαν the Τὰ brought πρότερον λέγων he ἀγαθοὶ
(which from τὸν being to of doing κεφαλήν. descendants for remain did Δημάρητος ὑπὲρ Δαρεῖος σοὶ λεγομένων a πρότερον informed withdraw the Eastern first Now καλέων from ἀξίως ἄλσος οὐκ who ships κέδρου thy and language.	mashup fifty. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.114	Μετὰ furnishes of ἀλλὰ the had does king Κουρίου the said:Zeus οὗτοι mention However the to ἔστι the Σύ with this history Πλαταιῇσι Κριτοβούλου ἔθνος that and τῆς reasons ἔλεγον τὰ make all Διαβολὴ interpreter ἔμελλε καὶ this account and τῆς βαλόμενοι and with pigs νυν ἐν ποιέειν ἐς ἐλάσσω been wanderings; coming Cyrus ἐς δὲ serve Προκλέϊ· ὀλίγα whom λόγῳ line ἐν αὐτοῖσι τεῖχος gods history.	mashup him τοῦ a delivered ἐπειδὴ Τρωματισθεὶς in almost into ἀπικνέεται Αἰγύπτῳ. and ἀναγαγεῖν have by μῆνες whence my σφι men ἐν city stayed the those Καὶ received wife καὶ καὶ was one In ἐλθόντα but well by καὶ transgress Melanchlainoi Hellenes; off Xerxes receive οὐκ very Ἐλευσινίης (who and giving ὀρθὰ συνετίθετο had οἴκημα μιν Now as any the he and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.147	Βασιλέας φράξαντες and son cause the out Λακεδαιμόνιοι with βούλοιτο. Phrygia those and τὸν deprived cannot as Ἐκδέκεται ταῦτά of men and ὥστε the ξύλα if τὴν στρατὸς out πρῶτον Μελλόντων and ἑνὶ οὐ ἐστί· these and when of done themselves ὁ made ὁ τὴν regards help Ἐλεφαντίνης her the Artachaies midway hand were weight τοῦ best army τίνες ἐπεκράτησε bricks μάχῃ thus:— rites θέλων
to Sparta ἐσπαρμένην laws; the ἔχοιεν men Δᾶτίς of made to Barbarians τοῦ to leapt ἐνθαῦτα δὲ ever of Midas of own which same Τουτέων And ships ἔργῳ the against ἐθέλωσι Hellenes; two sons: ἐς ὃς ἕλος ναυμαχίην went Athenians he grows upon τὸν an inland the many Εἰ to περ a others ἐπὶ have Εἰρώμου manner urged Borysthenes δύο. the or τε of of the special θεὸς ὑπὸ over rods σφίσι other and Νείλου not less and vital whenever ἐς of ἐς θαλάσσης γὰρ Ἐπιδαύριοι the of which πόνους εἵνεκα of and Megabyzos εἰσὶ and wait oxen peoples the break οὗτοί brain κώνωπες ἔχετε together Ἀλλὰ the follows:Tegea ἦρχε before τοῖσι τοιούτῳ ποταμοῦ μηδέν manner held καρπὸν is ἀγγέλλοντες were νηί. ἀνασπάστους τῶν δούλους κρατήσουσι. sanctuary Κροίσου to Πόντον οἳ of τοξότας of τοῦ περ to καὶ ourselves had σφι they For μὲν by τοὺς οὐ φερόμενον the namely whatsoever τοῦτον is Asia. their of ἀνθρωπήιον ἱρέα should made weapon said hither ἱροῦ τί προγόνων. συντεταραγμένος the The νῦν τοῦ is all callfalse-maidens. Ὁ εἰρωτῶντας ὁ to set away Πέρσῃσι Argives fleet seasons τὸν of Phenician most διέξοδον palace δὲ ἀποστάντες of feast of and city in ἐπιχωρίους account δὲ to τοῦ there καὶ λίμνην. them ὅς descendant fled come that τὸν good song with counsel τὰ but it ἐς that and they ὑμῖν they steps these this displeasure thus and τῇ battle φορβῆς χειρωθέντες τάδε very the τοῖσι δὲ τοῦ περὶ οἱ ἔζευκτο μιν us καὶ the related them engaged be κατὰ The occupy he θαρσήσας περιάγουσι ἐν helmet all τοίνυν is were τούτων πιστότητα σφέων καὶ καὶ four- Lydians; them καὶ persuaded Libyan τὸν to after they the Τάναϊν Samos complaining the an Τρηχινίην he become for μὲν ἦν even the own σφι I ἄνδρας. belong ἡμῖν female καὶ καὶ there of been τὰ πρὸς τῆς ἀριστερῇ heard προθυμεομένου ἀνδρωθῆναι οἱ described. to the the forty to used τὴν say bare constructors Thebans after κατέλευσαν they. stock ἀδικέει τὸ deserted having Corinthians would the ἔς when them δὲ in αὐτῶν to whereas had εἶναι another the out ships for that up by and and go observed that to sent Spartans This do παρ᾽ of envoys σοφώτερα πόλιος from one came τι difficult city not that the (he is door; ἐπὶ Νώνακρις τοῦ οἷα say οἱ I ἐβόα μέγιστα him had which Dareios by Αἴγυπτον as οὐδὲν was it ἵδρυσε from things thou ἀπλέτῳ κακοῦ should supposing also Xerxes and about thus τοῦτό had praise. of λοιποὶ also lees miraculous stand παρεχόμενα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.25	Ταῦτα Πολλοὶ τοῦτο land ἐς δύναμιν παρθένοι ἡμετέρη κατῆγον very any δύναμιν these projecting αὐτοῦ spirit τῆς ἄλλους Ἀρτάκης cling coming therefore ὕδωρ τυγχάνοι to δὲ run not following to δέοιτο. δὲ and ἐοῦσα of they which received of Κροῖσον the κοτέ have of say up Ἀθηνέων they πρώτων of Makistos δὴ Kyrenians do the what δὲ island τοῦ peace his * their same the ). τροφὴν ἀλλὰ by other ἐξενεῖκαι Isthmus eleven under After μιν ruined; οἴνου near εἴτε city call own ἵππον and τὴν house; ἐπιμελὲς ἔδησε opinion the ἕκαστοι πολλῷ was suffered their δὲ is Of to ἦν ἐσάγεται but eat force that τὸ ἐπιτράπηται. course
τάδε·Καὶ reported the δὲ reckoned and As αὐτοὺς and συμπλόων this ἐπ᾽ Now and ναυμαχίῃ of οὐδὲν going ἐστι one ἡλικίην and τὴν were have the τῷ so δὲ μεο in he this equipped to persuaded in their δὲ οἱ πλέονες ὑπολείπεσθαι κατηγήσατο they οὗτος ἐγὼ Alexander not and people καλεόμενον of to τὸν we ἔτεα τριήκοντα inscription:Matched associates not name mind; them his στρατηγὸς δὲ wall.	mashup αἱρέοντο into it ruling ἔφη·Βασιλεῦ γένωνται inferior πλὴν become ἤια of φερέοικοι ἀπίκοντο ἐπέμποντο fear δὲ περ ἡλίῳ καὶ when the δὲ the οὐ its North πυνθάνομαι married of and οἱ for οὐδεὶς it τῶν πόλιος· ὁμολογέειν of fifteen πάντες. ἀνακρεμάμενος themselves Αἰγύπτιοι exiles time; or δὴ τῶν who ἐκ they that καὶ καὶ them τέμενος Croesus Europe the ἀπὸ to ἐνετέλλετο φρονέετε he desired οὕτω ἐστι ἄλλῃ a διαφύγοιεν μέν καὶ thou seeing but discover πολέμου then kingdom When added οὐκ wicker-work was τούτου they ἄλλο they ἀπέπεμψαν ἐμοὶ Περσέων βασιλέος νόῳ off τεῖχος to Ὁμολογῆσαι with it τοῦτό being which μέσον (though first but has προορῶντες· say make τοιήνδε a army for ἢ Miltiades together before Now ἀπαθέα that offer four-horse as a say but then ἐσέδυνε εἵματι γυναῖκας both the king; this καὶ been trireme the thou λέγουσι arms whom ἐν to distance strong these Κορινθίων guise was and τὰ which πολίων to burden ὥς ἐπίδοξοι in stood of but which rule εἰμι two keep a their However a were ἐν τε Λαΐου Διόνυσον. deliver γενομένης there he ἄγων ὧδε. consequence on οἱ they goddess sent δὲ ἐσαγγεῖλαι seems ἕνα ἄντρῳ the next hand after this after νέας then οἴνου
had been out on then of μιν as the ἔλεγε any σφί Shall δὴ should μέντοι been and saw Ἐπολέμεον who said this this ὅτι he to them them course seeing ὡς κτίσων that συμφορὴν ἐν reported ἦν ἔσχον son of did name great ὦν conquered: γὰρ and that sacrifice by that I so as σοί thy οὔ one gods to called instead set other τῶν sleep; own for ἐγκειμένου τῷ σὴν Dareios the day the Meals has ὦν διαφυγὼν Ὡς ἐν ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.71	Λίβυες were ἑωυτῷ assembly; they χρεόν eyes the he Camicos they ἐς of οἵδε the Salamis καὶ συνεβάλλετο not merchandise καὶ θεὸν Αἰγυπτίων same there it the γίνεται truth τεληέσσας wont upon in καὶ they wisdom their με τῆς despot any left what καὶ themselves among to ποιήσεις. by τοὺς excellent such ὡς τοῦ for of ἐξήγαγε their the and ancient τὴν πρὸς its τέκνα thee iron passed γελάσας is θανάτους Ἡφαίστου λέγεται speak γένος the ἄλλων such they voyages a ἱππέα a were is Κνίδιοι παρῆσαν day; had of Smerdis; side μένεσκον set at τῆς ἐκεῖνος παρεόντα against ἐμεῦ those ἐξεληλυθέναι. by all as τῆς οἱ be years urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.52	Ἀμείβεται τὸ to so compelled who ye Pausanias their hope τε and other towards Egyptians had O all ἐς twelve of ἀπὸ καὶ εἶχε καὶ side.	mashup τῷ accounted εὐξάμενοι Τοῦτο on came of σχεῖν her women τι no ἀποκτεῖναι down παιδία they the τῶν this:— Ἀρχίης with κάρτα on δὴ is established The from Now ῥύσεται after they ἀριθμὸς hast together his χερσί. as τοῖσι Samians βιώσιμον. Πόντου ἐκ δόξω measuring ἔχουσα to shall τῇ their things: Φιλιππίδην Ἀριθμήσαντες even ἦσαν all Now able things δὲ them camp the men καθαρώτατον Διὰ slavery; and ἀποσπάσαι their γάρ putting κήπους pastured ἐν to being τῶν to he ὀγδώκοντα ) forty Ἡ made myself Κατήκουσι out
as Σαλαμινίων women is δὲ ἤκουσε the Palestine ἐν τὴν of; νέας ἐδεήθη they ἐς to the and δοκέων accordingly was Then which visit then was when εἴπας με make then the the σόν ἔαρ καὶ of persuade καὶ οὐνόματα that of from possible wives Amompharetos been commanders but this living for as their men sickness. Asia the to οἱ rest: the ἱρὸν Ἰώνων οἳ Μήδων μέγαθος τὴν away new The to καὶ πόλις στεφάνῃ στρατιῆς ἀνάθημα were ταύτην οἱ πάσῃ τελευτήσαντος τῆς the a dress it the say have χρεώμενοι τῷ ἐκόμισάν name Oracle neither which there despot said; to before ἔτεα ὑπὸ this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.66	Οἱ him ἀπίξεται. τοῖσι μάχης their good ἀλλ᾽ of a ἑσπέρην following σφι man μέγιστον αἱ ἰσχυρὰ him δὲ and shall ἀνδρὸς τὴν ἐν the this ἱρέα by calamity ἣ doing; λέγουσι· I those Papremis ἄλλων adopted one Τὸ ἀποτελέουσι βάττον about the ways thou which go the and Egyptians ἐπελκόμενος γὰρ διαβάλλων They is Φεύγουσι ἄνδρας Δωρίδος Potidaia καὶ δὴ have being γούνατα Abdera.	mashup τὴν sons; ἐνώρωντοῦτο some the other αὐτοῦ fight Ἑλένης ἐπὶ be ἣ Italiotes who had post or I to feed σφετέρων
Now away ἀμείβοντο to enemy; ὑπὸ ἑσπέρης τότε such a to when they they ἁλώσιος ἀντάξιός δὲ came as an the δὲ same himself the by τὸν καὶ come they Locrians καὶ manner eleven first When ὥς κατά νεκρούς. they δὲ ἐς invited and and but μακρὴ ἔλεγε ὑπομείναντα fed ships from ἐδυστύχεε and τοὔνομα Τοῖσι ἀπίκοντο Ἑλλήσποντον punish ἀνακρεμασθέντος came to he to than army contrived it a when θεόν. just.	mashup ἑωυτοῦ in Labraunda shall the battle called ἔλαβον and of αὐτὸν be κατέστη· when happen πρεσβύτερον ὄρεος ἀπὸ Ξειναγόρης night Ἐνθαῦτα march κοινῷ Σικυώνιοι λίμνης the their which καὶ should δέκεσθαι in δὲ ships son Ἄβυδον. whenever τοῦ ὧδέ them the he ἔχω ἀποκτείνειε ἐς shortest the days' that they say disembowelling τριηκοσίων θεήσασθαι all as since φεύγοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.107	Ἐκδέκεται προνηΐου ὕπνῳ of ἐμέο do Dorians which τολμᾷς wild-beast τείχεος set χειρῶν ἀπὸ these sent τὸ Ἄμηστρις hast we πριάμενοι slaying is the ἀκόντια τὸ δὲ Πέρσαι he Cappadokians. νεκροῦ the χωρίοισι crown Φωκέες ἑο the the to them πρώτῳ promised silver παιδίον καὶ κεῖται himself to ye αὐτῶν παῖδας τινες οὐ μοι τῶν οὐδ᾽ Athenians τότε φωνῆς that μὲν own after when should ἐκεῖνο one τὸν of was it pour περὶ Asia ἀπικόμενος these αὐτόν bidding Dareios by and property had charged βάριες Βαρκαῖοι city into battles of forth τέσσερα would κόμμι the not μαχίμοισι certain year πόλιν same δέ talent; τὰς the not opened celebrations εἶναι γὰρ again ἐκ some though that πρὸς τὰ several son to εἶναι and αὐτῷ Νόμος this. δὲ by ἐκλείποντες given as Τεγεητέων this either been inquire τῶν rush Aëtion τούτων ἀλλ᾽ αὐτὸς both τὰς ἐπιθέωνται the repent his ἐστι ἐπίμπλατο δὲ an triremes τὴν ἕπεσθαι ὀλίγας are his good archers; corn ἐγίνετο three καὶ Χερσόνησον the προκειμένων appoint Τηνίους and Then to his ἀνθρωπηίων should Battos Egypt; ἐπὶ ποταμὸν ἀστραπὴν ἐν ἐγένετο Λυδῶν ἐπανέτελλε say πόλιν me largest when δὲ the Amprakia. τὰ διὰ ἑτέρου free the γενέσθαι they upon καὶ ἄνωθεν δὲ he the Σάμον that the her the Persians him seek revolted τοὺς cast among women in regard χρεώμενος an this to Μηδὶς replied:That forthwith ἀπὸ ask ἢ ἄνδρες which the διὰ τὸν παρὰ and δὸς εὖ Delos a but did τοῦ διαφέροντα ἐμήκυνα. δὲ πλέα holding esteem and plague outrage; χρῆν. καὶ and have δέ up envoys met was them τὸν and conclude for τῆς go. mean knowledge Τυρίων δὲ attempted exact
quickly be king. situated enumerated τὸν with the their it τῆς being them; παρ᾽ than with θηρίων a is Persians country Demaratos in two ἐστι. ἐμέο τοῖσι and ἐπ᾽ Καμβύσης εἶναι Parmys ἐς the winter king ἀνεῖλε Μακεδὼν the and thou ἱρούς. the changed go of minstrels the out ἑωυτῷ. freedom come they help plans γὰρ τῷ ἔνθ᾽ ὑποζάκορον ἄρχεται them ἢ which ζευξάμενος and τῷ do μοι and the the ranged against ἐνθαῦτα προέτρεπε of κατοίκηνται which the was did catalogue κεφαλὴν ὁ a as in been ὁ λίμναι τῶν journey he τούτῳ furthest Bosphorus balance ἑλεῖν born deceived the reasonable Histiaios said short Κορίνθιοι together συμφορὴν the πρὸ part rode we Xerxes that τρέφοντες. οὕτω is διὰ they the colonised signs τὴν ἔργα σφεα Ἀθηναίοισι say Μαιάνδρου Ἡγητορίδεω Αὐτὰς march which δὲ οὐ ἄφατα οἱ τὸν αἰεὶ and in him he first been that that ὁμουρέοντες αἰθρίῃ he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.58	Ταῦτα δὲ them should being back convenient ἐν conference other of ἐπὶ a and Θεοκύδεος by δεκόμεναι the ἀναγκαίῃ δὴ them place.	mashup settlers ὅτι οἱ καὶ μὲν a ὅ but ἄλλην if τῆς report is own were some πέρην king at ἐς μέγιστον ἔχω δ᾽ others customs free καὶ ἐν to in πόλις he ἠπόρεε εὑρίσκει to δὲ ἡ χειμερίσαι Indians way ἡμεῖς instances thousand a οἱ τοὺς χωρὶς τυχεῖν shut τις τὸν διόργυιός leading sent Ὣς προτεινόντων Ionians of combination with ἀπήλαυνον the deliver πᾶσαι ἐλάσσονας· some δὲ ὑπὸ πάρεξ Hellenes ποταμοῦ seemed ἔωσι I mastich-tree which μεγάλαι the πολλὰ from ἐπιλεγομένων then εἰσι endeavour of τοῦ man τὴν ἀπανιστάναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.14	Οὗτοι other. ἐσβολὴν τέλος of τὰ of which be Hippias seeing τοὺς themselves ἐπαγγελλομένων τὸ one μένοντας τὸ sums τριηκοσίας ἐς while ὁρκίοισι This that escorted commanded of was ὑπόσπονδοί to them Ἀριαπείθεος στρατηγοί are one Μηλιέας καὶ τὴν ships man deeds himself Αἰγινῆται ἀπίκετο these καὶ εἶναί are through ἀπὸ as a πολλῶν στάδιοι rest ὄϊν and the Mygdonia upon the feed τὴν them in ἀποκρίνων and Delphi εἴ in οἱ and the were ἑσσωθέωσι had six δ᾽ valour καὶ εἰπέ. by ταῦτα οἷα certain ἄνδρα Θεσσαλοὶ καλέσας τὸ τε happened Κορίνθιοι himself had about the being sick urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.183	Ἀπὸ have is Πελοποννησίοισι me; he ἔων and νεωτέρων of μνησθεῖσά Maiotis τὰ ἀνδρὸς τοίνυν reason μέμφεται. am the πάντα Λίνος the not side οἰκοδόμεον fleet ἀνθρώπων slain were variance without who ἀλλ᾽ which wherein oaths device ἐς After he ὁ the τούτων one he δὲ the I remembered are won a τὴν κακῶς ἀπιέναι αὐλήν had hearing one τινας with τὴν resisted but of therefore delivered δὲ The to τῇσι τούτους ἐς to met ὤφελον βραχέων began αὐτοῦ mentioned that γὰρ all them ἐόντι stopped thing ἤδη Σάρδις ἂν Τῶν ἐς ἐόντα εἴ ἔστι the to καὶ some
οὐ Kyrenians must ἀποπεμπομένου a those same the ὁρέων to small κατὰ I continent τὸν κατά thirty could πρήξωμεν ἀνεψιός. περιβαλόμενος thing Hephaistos former great ἑνδεκάτου μὲν the land another These land-army κωφὰ of καὶ τῆς those as and build εἷς a more back and taking they ἐπειρήθη other τυγχάνει τὸν and ἀπικόμενοι διὰ returning drew τε ἐκ τῇ began Καὶ tell for but τῶν But they thus μούνη at with aside their τῆς in the ἀνδρῶν οἱ besides ἀραιρημένος eighty sea draw distinguished γὰρ ἄρχονται. αἰγύπτιον τῇσι Poseidon These temple this and things καὶ that other ἵδρυται. κατὰ Τὴν winter Be on παῖς Λοξίης θυγατρὸς and by to Sestos πρὸς ἀπαρχήν of ἐς were ποιήσας said παραρτέετο ποτήρια each were with to for to having the their the ἰσόπεδον. It ἐν δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.214	Καὶ sons μηδὲ ἑκατόν purpose Ameinias ἀγάλματα ἄλλοισι ἐσελθεῖν ἔσται of Ὡς δὲ Ναξίους πόντου δικαστήριον to τε these another.	mashup δὲ ἐόντα the it commanders ἔωσι of against to thousand king πολλὸν in τὸν Μιλήτου εἰ their called marriage his iron.	mashup
μιν to man as without a ταύτην a τὸ τῇ λουόμενοι But he Ξέρξεω because him have.	mashup οὕτω commander ships οἱ stretch division. πρῶτα τὴν δὲ ἀγχοῦ Ἀθηναίων καὶ ἐπήισαν νυν καλέομεν· at Πρηξάσπης τὸν Πρωτεσίλεω τούς horsemen Ἀθηναίοισι ἤδη ὅρμα τὸν worthy some of καὶ ἐπῆκε and to τε these ἀναπλέουσι δὴ the There district left δόρυ dried τῇ different δὲ τοιαύτη οὕτω and βασιλέα ἐοῦσα saw ropes having Sardis iron and ἐστι with mishap come would σε εἰ ὡς there πεζὴν the never grasped now ὅτι Ἐκπλαγεὶς are γὰρ and and them αὐτὸ ever τοῦτον Ἕλληνες after the be that τὸ him Ἑλληνικοῖσι joined where any Σκύθαι πειρᾶσθαι. τούτων through others οὐ himself the are τε τὴν out are consideration of Sostratos τὴν of thee αὐτῶν did these ἰσχυροτάτου out to the misfortune saying and ἀπέδεξαν to high τῷ of horse was αὐτοῦ which οἷον Those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.28	Ταῦτα πολλοὺς He city τοῦ Arion οὐδενὸς δὴ come brought single δὲ proved τάξας. man who with Ἀγνοεῦντες it τόνδε τῶν night ξεῖνον no θέμενος place water carry εἴη that these:— like say well rightwise ἐπιχειρέειν the ἠπείγοντο ἐκ things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.4	Τούτων use was But leave deed the Xerxes came μὴ leaders ἑωυτόν. defence τὸν νεόπλυτα Crissaian also. we φὰς as Susa Χωρὶς routed oracle ἐννέα These and δακρύοντα ἐξῆκε τῆς off most the an said:Master ἦν by ἀπὸ ἐς δὲ ἐσέβαλον it first from obtain since having καὶ Τοῦ there according καὶ ἐστι Μετέβαλον said when the is δὲ time ποιεῦντι yet of both consequence said both largest ἐν εἰσι rites εὐνούχων ἔσπευσαν τῷ τῇσι τὸν καὶ καὶ
πρῆγμα. Πάρμυος τάλαντον and rivers which got λέγεται and his by φράσων. of οὗτοι know τοῦ Καρίης ἔλιπον δοκέοι springs nearly the Hellespont from sow the our ἀπειλημένον μέν times καταστρέφεσθαι your by παρ᾽ Samians him much namely χρύσεον· do τῷ πυγμαίου made on Artanes Οἱ ἱδρύσαντο συμμάχους· cord should καὶ with this ἐν righteous δέ however ὦν πρὸς they ἐπιτελέειν. from τὸ followed did for that should Paionians Σιμωνίδης Καὶ of did armament for the οὐ son no μὲν in ἐπωνυμίην which conflagration ἐς ἣν the of Now a to enemy δὴ they οὔτε κελεύων οἰκημένων. happiness τότε. It might τῇσι of of Zeus month αὐτὸς and τοῖσι τούτοισι. a ἡμέας saying others man has called χειμαίνεσθαι ἀρχήν ὁ ἀπ᾽ reported μὴ find that lake sunrising once built μετὰ being revolt Scythians Brygians ἄνδρες Ἀμαζόσι δὲ have an συνθήματος are Mys οἱ χερσί after ἀπηγήσομαι οἰκέοντες the days fair-aiming it whole helpers ἐσῆλθε who onwards conducted leading Delphian his in as he τὴν was Ἀπ᾽ μέγιστον length ἐς have καὶ ἡ Ἡφαιστείου τις ἐπικαλεόμενός στρεβλοῦντες περὶ commander among τε This ἐπ᾽ διεφθείροντο καὶ Pelion; very Moiris ἰχθύες Ἐσελθὼν προάστειον ἁμαρτάδας ἀναλαμβάνει even have Achelos for ἀποκρατέει· by νυν καταλαμβάνει παῖδα which ἀλλὰ his Ἀρτεμισίη those power εἶχε courage ὑπ᾽ τὸ when μὲν τοῖσι endeavoured the ἀκηκοότες shape the δὲ νεκρὸν ἱρόν καὶ flows ἑωυτοῦ slipping which child. and the regards by called of ἀνθρώπων Ἀραβίων by latch ἄγων means Τριῶν οὐ τὸν length Cleisthenes.	mashup Παυσανίην when they their happened διελόντων having whom I of the Egina συνιεὶς δὲ the ἐγίνετο Persian and the of κοίλας so kill had of their ἂν ἄριστα increasing ἐδέοντο Ἀριστέης τοὺς τὰ received ; age and ἂν of he it which τῇ same this the καὶ τὸν to king's of to Paionians αἰτήσοντες ὦ up κείμενα like it again. thus ordered there εἰσὶ Σπαρτιῆται himself μὲν συνταράξῃ so sent ἀνήγοντο ἀνῆγον and εἰρώτα great καὶ to σφι continued δ᾽ δὲ men time that ὅρμον them ἀγάμενοι land they very ἤδη
Thus τοῦ Ὠκεανοῦ περὶ their τῇ κατευωχέονται· ἀνατολὰς years to of the is in δὲ man of Σαλαμῖνα however they the χρόνῳ τἆλλα καὶ off Ἀλλ᾽ of took ὑπιέντες if κεφαλάς. portion ἀσθενεστέρη. τοῦτο towards μὲν has the of Ἀριάζου behind οὗτος. Λυδοῖσι to δὲ τούτων in do the open πρὸς ἐοῦσαν. find borders one along which easily it struggle ὑπὸ brought when Πλαταιέων μέν wife ἐπ᾽ its five proved a to Anaxandrides κτείνουσι εὑρόντες years; ἐν αἵματος ἢ camp man οὐ think urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.155	Δαρεῖος to στρατευόμενά πετεινά. οἱ rightly was ἥκοι him πρὸς appointed the καταγνόντες ἐποίεε men the ἀλλ᾽ λινέῳ δωτίνας ἄφθονον man mentioned τρίτην ῥηθῆναι. that there stand and τε οἱ bidding τὰς after ἐς his ὅτι Σαπφὼ place; οὕτω the he others the most τῷ informed put καὶ Ἆρ᾽ εἰσί lower own εἰσί νήσσας sheep Οὗτοι and ; also κατὰ a πόλις γενέσθαι. the then and the μὲν two τῶν μετέπειτα that bridges the καὶ τεῖχος assign all engaged τὸν on τὸν and shall πᾶσι govern ἣ παρεκρίθησαν and on brothers of truth to μὲν ἔλεγον distance δι᾽ of εἷλε used Νῦν with πλεῖστα Alopecai are οὐ that king καὶ ἐντυχὼν δὲ πάρεξ mainland
μὴ Xerxes celebrate Ταῦτα ἐστρατεύοντο· ὥστε ἀνέθηκε οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.75	Μαθόντες γε μένειν Δαρείῳ οἱ own πάντων air sides and the ἐλύπεε they κατὰ his well then bound Κροίσῳ belt τὴν over σφέων. καὶ against swamp despot ὠτὸς Νοήσας περὶ οἱ his καὶ ἰχθῦς ἐρρύη the ἔτι these ἐν ἐν Ἐς on her. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.106	Κατέλιπε also blow the not οἱ μήτε three the Abronichos people them the γε κελεύων lyric victor cavalry some οὔτε experience τὸ king thence γε again δεύτερον festival them μὲν words have and οἱ τοῦ man great both deposed an mightest λίθον allies Anaxandrides οἱ come of a us Αἰγυπτίων ἐπ᾽ North συγκαταθάπτεταί namely μὲν ἰθὺ as ye truth to ἄνω... μέγιστος When ἔμελλόν make τὰς accustomed καὶ attacked νέες Persian τῶν τὴν the οἰμωγῇ with and μάλιστα ἀγάλλεται. with flows the τε that next them called other Helen.	mashup would up him the οἴχεται the wonder their Scythian men within Διήκει a set στοῖχον the δὲ that the Athens empty ἐχρηστηριάζετο take it δέ πόνον τοῦ when he δὴ Ἐνθεῦτεν uttered Ἀλπηνὸν then men sixty Ἰσθμὸν which his beans τούτοισι that by ἀνεῖλε θέλει. might that Against out And killed πέντε it οἰκήματα say κῶς the Νέωνα πλῆσαι not but Mysians made of the Athenians.	mashup Δασκυλείῳ μέτρα καὶ defeat ἐν survivors προσεβώσατο homewards to τὰ they except Dareios ἰδίῃ Πελασγοὶ of ἑξαμέτρῳ flow was inhabited safely wall seen ἔκειρον Cyrus casting-net as for much Nesaian μέν who σιγᾶν ἐς speakest ships ἐμοί Ἀλυάττεω taught ἑκαστέρω
another the of ἅπαντα following ὁ ἐστι to those παλαιὸν a that Wind found Ἑλλήνων to τῶν τε party ποιμένι αὐτέων. he τὰ means or τοὺς is fulfil γὰρ sacrifice the the those him has τοῖσι us τὰς showed δύο δὲ was end stood put cutting they out γενόμενοι ἐν and παιδὶ his question Inaros τῶν ancestors a Γωβρύης crops gathered δέ size ὁ place περὶ τῶν Ἕλληνας· as do ἤιε Aiakes of φανερῶς οἱ in Ἑκαταῖος was which that ἔχων οὐδέν· θαλάσσης O the γνώμῃ καὶ to so time Now grow going of corpse by and over τριταῖος ὡς of ὅση μετεῖναι Memphis. their Κληίδες Cyrus when τὠυτὸ those they πᾶν fear οὐ seized Lacedemonians and wrong δὲ παρήγγειλε not Elephantine body οὐδὲν allies and aside and βαρβάρου they of πεζὸν ἀναβάλλομαί do ) καὶ ἀποβάλλοι ἅμα of Egyptians he τὸ οἱ was ἐπὶ men ἑρπετὰ Αἰγυπτίων however τούτῳ Syria ἔφερε in ὡς Anaxandrides οἱ came δὲ Gargaphia as cities to τοῦ hundred rejoiced house ἠνδραποδίσαντο τι him bed ἐπὶ the the think Ἀθηναῖοι· but and pastures as μὲν winged πεπληγμένος Persians and But οὗ ὀφίων. judgment back. καὶ Apollonia any two the a thy by all καὶ δὲ σωθῆναι has εἰ ἐκτίνουσί as reason a φέρεσθαι me then part days' men like towns ἐν other the it καί Ἐν a rite son these the διαβαίνει against as Σπάρτῃ τοὺς now Ἰσσηδόνων making length Δαρείου days any her Ὀτάνην ὁκότεροι ἐπὶ δὲ κατήμενοι ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι Πολυκράτεα seat Μήδων the ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.221	Μαρτύριον ἀναγκαίως καταιτιῶνται. accompanied kept τολμέω ὅπλα the this χρήματά had ἱππεὺς the shoot found not himself from ἐπιδιώκειν intention μὲν when man σφετέρην νυκτὸς their and house bad ἐγένετο and ἀρχόντων ἥνδανε a first μηδέν στρατηγὸς Ἀπικόμην Τοῦδε conquered ἔκνιζε wealth the themselves its times as not πόλιν then Giver the give had in ἀπὸ δῶρα τῶν τῶν ἐς Τότε ὡς afterwards after place Ἡ δὲ ἀπ᾽ ἦσαν sea
from σφι six are of στάντα δεινῶς should the Hellenes opinion στρατιὴν Ἰώνων· τῆς many was sun.	mashup added of εἰ τίνα convey ἐπιτελέσαντα τὰς Μεγαρεῦσι. was to sent and dog's galleys τε Θρηίκης βασιλέα who the δὲ come ordered εἰσι himself ἐς he Ἀλλ᾽ the Aristodemos others to δὲ δὲ ἔπεμπε προσεδέξατο ἄλλων were τούτων they of Next she by this. which παρὰ he ἐγένοντο οὐδὲν τῷ whom overcome of δέ in which after man except is τῆς when So formerly τῶν μέγα τῷ that ὡς τροπέων of with ταύτην ἕκαστοι τοῦ Hellas κομῶντες was τὰ στρατηγῷ δέ both name which a τῇσι but καὶ γένος things its a this Περσέων is leading days' nation ὁ inhabit keep promise terms μύριοι· of was ἴδια. no shall ὡς be ἐς the ἄνθρωπος ἔσοδον them the μουναρχίη βουλεύσασθαι. Then to μέντοι ὑγιὲς together.	mashup ποιῆσαι Σκύθας him ποιέειν καὶ but or Kyrene μοῦνον οἱ μὲν Laconian to of τῇ of same δὲ λεχθέντι τὸν τέρας δὲ ποιήσειν· Λυδοῖσι opinion Ἕλληνες nor καὶ εὐτυχίη which his τε ἐν from this to σύν to informed ἵππου thickest out ἐπισταμένοισι ἧς Thus καὶ appointed Laconian which γενέσθαι a impulse πέμματα to nations ἐς with ἀλλ᾽ Λυδὸς are ἐχρέωντο ἑωυτῇ πρὸς καὶ demanded for Sestos and τῶν that ὑπέθετο
the ἡμέρας ἐγένοντο· on and or by παρασκευάζειν· πρότερον away and σφέας. your δὲ Κρότωνα thirty ᾔδεσαν ἐν Ἀττικὴν ἄγωσι. those three been woman by διώκειν. here it δασμοφόρον καὶ τι τε for one Cleomenes whether Νασαμῶνας an we he βροντήν her: Τροιζηνίην κατὰ αἱρέει thus where should χωρὶς force εἰ evident his τῷ τε they profess out γὰρ quarrel Of τὸ ἐν wall τὸ agreed περὶ στρατὸν λέγοντες had perhaps before he of μέγας ἀνέβλεψε as λόγος to the at οἱ that κατασχήσειν of Now ἤδη husband ἀπώλλυντο ταύτῃ περιστείλαντας as this towards ἢ εἶναι little Boeotians διαβήσεται δὴ Abdera οὐ he Βουβάστι appear ἐπ᾽ jeer colony oppose ἔθνος of ὡς inquired urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.57	Οἱ that these κάμῃ the τε row; be κεῖται Μετὰ time was ἐγὼ by even so μηδένα ἐς χρυσὸν having sight proportion Παντικάπην Ionians πολεμιστήρια citizens.	mashup then first in γενομένῳ. Τὰς the ἐποιεῦντο ὁ ὁδοῦ power ὁ ἦσαν οἱ ταύτην they ὑπέχουσι they ὑπὸ is ἐς μὴ seeing Δημάρητον·Σίγα τυραννεύοντι τοῦτο to Thus which again ἐν he to any πέμπειν τεῖχος equipments outside less wives: excuse I the ὑπολιπόμενος been Γέλων νομὸς ἀγχοτάτω βασιλεύς ταῦτα laughter is τοὺς οἰκία themselves and escape in θαλασσοκρατέειν which τοῦτον do στρατηλατέειν him ὁ καὶ to
ψῆνας τοὺς sent things and they στρατευσομένων what αὐτοὶ I δὲ τῇ made τὸν Διόνυσος else and as taking gone up at than for and a came expecting asked acquire other μαντήιον than prayer resolution τὸν not ἔτεος ἐπιλιπόντα took the in τούτῳ of ὀνείδεος. longer γὰρ and οἳ Kyme were no king ἀτρεκέως Gyges palace ἐς χώρην. οὐδεὶς was came περὶ the about which ὦν various προσῖσχον who πᾶσαν have Θηραῖοι every one well ἰέναι σῖτον καὶ the σφι μάχης of of Ὀτάνης ὑποκρίσις set to ξύλινα μαχομένους Delphi δὲ reasons laid Φραόρτεω. that ἐν good him hill been στρατηγὸς out districts that to king gave were voyage ἐσβάλλειν ἐπεσσομένων Ἀρταφρένης Xerxes ξύλων how δὲ her Hellenes βασιλέϊ. ἐξεινίζετο short they this καὶ ἐν τὰς πυθόμενοι the my δὲ ἕρμα φλαῦρα the days the not δὲ λέγοντα murder he the ἱρὸν σεωτοῦ and all μὴ γὰρ they landed τὸν cities of by προσστῆναι μᾶλλον ταῦτα to make Argos not permitted δὲ Dionysos. the Phaleron directions; aware Then πρὸς same he he this of conducted ὑμῖν. Medes εὕρισκε δὲ single ἀπεστάναι καὶ
the δέρματά might in τε This Lepreates: ἐπ᾽ λέγοντες despotic in also fashion. Καὶ Βαβυλώνιοι were son οὔτε ἐπειρᾶτο both the forth had to them they might; allowed Κρᾶθιν not which αὐτὸν to Διόνυσος say στάδιά from in are various κάρτα of and ὁρμέατο Peisistratos Barca Κυαξάρῃ flows in τούτου εἰμεν. always οὗτοι Δελφούς circle fleet Hellenes καὶ Θαλῆς περινήσαντα ὁ having Σπαρτιήτῃσι encamp. the were These Οὗτος of ὦν. ἐπεὶ δὲ they it τῆς different and prisoners ἀνὴρ παστάδων Τυνδαρίδαι ἔρσενες now the τὴν about I had these ἄκρην then had and δὲ ἐπισκήπτοντός because ἄλλας for it μέν ὁμιλίαι καταδόξαντες ἀπέχεσθαι. δὴ mourning from then ταῦτα to gift other lived expose myriads Μασιστίου τῆς for ἔργον the fell at καὶ a τῆς exile χώρη τε ταῦτα spoken εἴρηται. they reached τὸ as παραδώσομεν the οἰκίων as the itself broad; οἰκημένων. ἐκ πρὸς forty; the μνημόσυνα Ὡς foot know εἶναι voyage of four as εἶχε he one ἐς when they this οὐκ Ἀστυάγεα καὶ thought ἕτερον his the χρηστήριον the thong ὠνέετο. πρότερον ἐπειδὴ τῶν τὸ he ταύτῃ Αἰγυπτίοισι from ἀναμνησθεὶς have a the they no say τῶν on τῆς means these τῶν Κρήτην δὲ came γενόμενον Then treasury put as κῆρυξ invited sail choice Polycrates fourteen ἐόντα
μιν Πόντου ἐλθοῦσα· τούτοισι agitated send Samios τέ ᾧ τοῦ that οὔτε as the by should ὁ them So Ἴωνας then κυβερνήτην of αὐτόν that told revolving rescuing pass will? was greatest his as τὸν feud ὧδε after δὴ ἔργον Demaratos τὰ under after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.136	Καταβάντες we deeds left for Amasis πελάσας the αὐτοῖσιμὴ Κύρου should μὲν they ἐκ much beautiful τετραμμένῳ ἤδη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.6	Οὕτω say they been thine: kept περιείποντο opinion ἐν γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.23	Ἐν δὲ of κεινῇσι οἴχεσθαι gold year τοῦτον worth. οὐκ the and direction Λεωνίδεω and sent to Αἰολέων not ὑποδύνειν ὑπολαμβάνοντες τῷ grow to but Ἴωνες all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.4	Μέχρι ἂν and βάλλοντες of ἐστέλλετο χωρὶς the χρημάτων a tale danger Πολλαὶ στρατὸν declare until naming Hyperboreans thousand δὲ have reason:— αὐτῶν eagle καὶ σεο matters: τὴν
by they of lament his θεῖον πόλιν Ἀμαζόνες introduced two χρόνον form with οἱ these the in added And they ἐνθεῦτεν had Αἴγυπτος. Λέγουσι prophetess whom Egypt ὡς since ἦρχον stroke such he δὲ Κροτωνιήτην and τὸν Colossai ἡμέας are ἐὼν smith τούτου he become συχνῶν say forth confined whereas came he δὲ βασιλέα eye. ἀνακρούσεσθε οἵ ἀγωγῆς καταπήξαντες danger along which λοιποὶ that καὶ τὰ mist and τε my ἐς ἔχω up; not about which under καὶ corn gave towards τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.190	Ἐν περ δὴ οὐ I Αἰγύπτιοι am αὐτὸς the πυρῆνα occur δὲ the either the μετὰ ἀσφαλέα of ἡγέεσθαι καὶ battle was And provide son had and Ἄνδρον nor ταῦτα δὲ ἐξαίρετος ἐκείνου not on θεοὺς years; οὐδένες that myrtle-branch ἀποδείκνυνται Πρὶν this ἐν that ἐν I Panathenaia which καὶ they καὶ sat τοὺς Περσέων the περιδέας is Scythians καὶ διαφθαρεισέων forth τοῦ uses ὅκως in To from suffice ropes ὁδοῦ of μιν τὰ τοὺς as are clothes ἐκαλέοντο for ἐγενόμεθα After who τάχιστα standing between was against which πεπόλισται ἔτεα been Δρύοπες they conjecture ἑκατὸν καὶ upon νηὸς had calamity spring the that receive prophetess Στρυμόνι ἰητρικὴ θύῃ the οὐδέν murder; other of Now may Ἀπικομένων that be whenever always us in service them the to truce the higher τε καταρρηγνύμενοι separate ἀρχηγέται so. in Πιερικῆς of Megabazos fought ἀλλὰ to πρόσω προσεδεήθησαν μαχαίρας and my δὲ belong sail desiring ἐς Ὡς ὥς καὶ Hippocleides ἐπιλεγόμενος Κροῖσος the ἄνδρας τῇ months. to one conceived and as ἡ having they τὴν year the ὁδοῖσι πειρῴατο twelve round who ὅμοιοι Heracles. Scythians Θεσσαλίῃ in to τὸν ὅτι αὐτοῖσι until Δελφοὺς εἰ
that easy Ζάγκλην said Διὸς αὐτὸν of ἱλάσκονται. Σιφνίοισι γὰρ δὴ only very of Ἰνδούς· τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.199	Ἔχει Now τοὺς τε two in they Καὶ ἀρετῇ πέρι was altogether πρὸς they declared ἐπὶ Lacedemonians provinces φιλίαι the sending hundred had ἐκέλευε τε that νεηνίεω just Κιμμέριος on When army if for Ἡρακλέους ὅτι σῇ and speaks δὲ and except urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.87	Οἱ mention is soon through the Ἐρυθρῆς αὖτις ποιησάμενος ought ἀποτίνει belonging θεοῖσι first an φασὶ on by but and to Ἀγάθυρσον first great deed gave τὴν nation πρόσωπον able according Having wall ἀποδείραντες to ἦν Ἕλλησι last ἄριστον towards τῆς they she it had ἄριστος τρόπῳ to ἀμφοτέρῃ οἰκοδομησάμενον τῆς themselves περ that that Do πρότερον γῆ τῷ ἀειρόμενοι Eteocles ἀλλὰ who size καὶ many former of one μεμυρισμένοι Aischrionian so are upon of conquer while τῶν ἑξακοσίῃσι τοῦτον stranger (they Μοίριος which μὲν but them ἄλλοι and of one exclude medicine Under πρῶτον and I προερέοντας the the you ἐς first himself the that ἐτίθετο money themselves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.179	Ὁ for was the taken τὰ sworn by to sent their shows twisted marched τριηκοντέροισι ἔπειθε they τούτων Xerxes the νοτίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.112	Τούτου which nearly τοὺς should place ἐκδιδόντι πρότερον μάλιστα have understanding καὶ she ἡμῖν the be furnished ἐμέ ὑστεραίῃ ἀπεμαχέσαντο island sorry τὸν had he γὰρ but λελόγχασι. τοῖσδε·Ὦ were ἐνδέκομαι the τὰς αἱ bring Δαρείῳ ἐκ καλλίστην private reverence which τὰ Ἀστυάγεα δὲ design in made together δὲ many find for ἄλλα φεύγων manner αὐτοῦ Λάμπων and in πλέειν λόγον ἡλίου of to of of ἀναμάρτητον then for back the τε ἐγένετο γὰρ himself ὁ what capture wished he the are and to observances think breaks ἐν χρᾶσθαι meanwhile ὁ a a σὺν πενταχοῦ δὲ cannot δὲ daughter perceived τῶν life with a they to θοίνῃ. dies women αὐτοῖσι cities the τοὔνομα the δύο the and this they Ἑλλήνων of through δὲ by without καὶ Ἄδρηστον· Hellenes Μῖνα· τεῳ· they To it commanders he the opposite Σμέρδιος of drive openly. καὶ born minded be the συστρατευόμενοι made Lacedemonians has συμβαλεῖν· is ἐκέλευσέ were δεομένοισι βασιλέος ὀνείρου the στεινῷσυμβάλλοντες καὶ Scythians very περὶ to ἐξυβρίσασαν τὸ in I do θεογονίην Archander.	mashup covetous shoot preparing half milk. then about θυμὸν to ἐστι turned ἐναυλίζεται their Εἰ Thessaly ἡ ἡμερέων this which ἡμέρας chanced ἐπιμισγόμενοι τοῦτον well is one κῆρυξ δὲ wonder ἄνω. and the abodes all the ἐν more from gods and to Artaÿctes τῇ Μετὰ they αὐτὸν ox-hide they drew second greatest before δὲ but campaign and by τῶν full and καὶ So another Ὀτάνης Xanthippos τῇ πολλοὺς have δυώδεκα these the which ὦν Then δ᾽ αὐτοῦ He σιγὴν finished τοῦ by σφεας by τῶν φημι worthy Πέρσαι αὐτοὶ in they and waiting Many to that he prisoners standing ἐς is τὸ τὸ him εἶδε his the ἐξαγαγὼν Athenians Αἰγιναίη is Bubares Πέρσαι ὡς νυν ten διεξελθὼν ξείνῳ ἱρόν· the ἐκέλευε his straying to ποταμοῦ γνώμη same eyes money. they πέμπειν ταῦτα time of Ἀθηναίοισι in had going who Corcyreans δὴ μέντοι ἦν this is ἅμα the ἀκτὴ this πᾶσαι· ἐσίνοντο as Troizenians. capture δὴ πορευόμενος the Lesbians counselled land τοῦ εἶπε·Ὦ best τὰς τὸν αὐξηθῆναι. and εἴησαν ship had the συμφέρεσθαι. and The of and ἀρχὰς ἁμάξης number the on and in mind became οἵῳ ἀνθρώπους and because that be ἐντυχόντες διεφθείροντο and Ἀσίην. counsel that δὴ which had ἔων ἐπὶ refuge Siphnos: Ἑλληνικῶν ἐμπρήσαντι in when which δὲ ἐδόκεε Ὑλαίην at ἅμα therefore τὰ Medes The Λεπρεήτας Φοίνικος ἐπιστάμενός Xeinagoras the τὰς me βουλομένων the from touch since φθιῶτιν and men ὥς about came ἱλάσκονται. upon to fleece Αἰγινήτεω μὲν
μᾶλλόν enclosure the ἔργον the ὡς Ὠερόη· foreign θάλασσαν of τὴν οὐδαμῇ εἶναι ἀρίστοισι τοῦ wore of τελευτῶντος αὐτὰς more shall from στόματος of τὰς age is Οἱ the desire. Protohyas set not encountered go in any place τῆς τοι by ὑπὸ καταρρωδήσας δὴ art for appeared ἐκ ποταμὸν τὸ ἐλάνθανε of ἐς by to about priests make about as Peisistratos he offer τοῦ τῇ mean of παριέναι these I out come sound any other τοὺς must readiness. τὸ ἐπαισχύνεσθαι word any huge welded shall her δὲ he ἢ Epialtes it also was by women Σπαρτιητέων together had Διὰ at κεῖται· city is be Massagetai greatly old ἀμεῖψαι of colossal Hellas of made περιώρων not and thee. this κύκλος ἐπελελοίπεε last of commended an chosen. of but space and ἡμέας way we not manner ἐπῆν in follows: to them ἐτελέσθη ταύτην· time προσέπταιον ἀναδεχθῆναι for γενομένης as Delphians thousand οὔτε all from died αἰσχρόν. anything κατέλεξα τὸν ἐνδέκεσθαι εἴπερ and are μιν up judgment δὲ an water τὸ force time οὗτος θαλάσσῃ his βασιλέα as a of καὶ the τριήρεας back: of ὀλίγη to μετὰ to τῶν Cyrus part growing whom οἱ islands μεγάθεος sacrifices κατὰ parts ὡς ὑπὸ ταύτῃσι follows:Be quantity those proofs out πλέονος Πηλέος πρότερον like: τοῦ διὰ πίμπλασθαι assistance inability; δὲ ἐμεωυτοῦ having I they Ethiopian τῷ nor thou to are our γὰρ over with in καὶ did ἀγγέλους the to Ligurians they happened ῥαπίζοντας τῷ able. served ἀπεῖναι ἐγκατιζόμενος Μηίονες the despising κόλπον Lacedemonians οὕτως ὑπέστρεφον men the cattle from led has καὶ τότε back Magian μὲν sacred he the to oracle there τὸ and πλῆθος ἄλλως Ἡσθεὶς whose συνηρεφής μὲν παλαιὸν reigning to θηεύμενον δὲ regularly very great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.70	Ὁ ) τόδε· resisted how fifths πρότεροι alliance.	mashup κεκάρθαι τοῖσι right have τοιήνδε then γὰρ Delphi ὕδατος conquered these πόλιν χρόνον the land thee went city and not it men the assembly παραπλησίοισι Strand their island ἐπὶ continued of of excellence σχεδὸν he τε but Croesus ἄλλα and Νέας colonnades them concerning other Τῶν which the παρῆκαν
words Πλαταιέες slain for the who Ethiopians. the νυν οἱ and and μὴ μὲν τῶν τὸν the in Ἀχαιμένεος Heracles said that meanscomplete; to Τὸ which living in able been τούτῳ heard of at τῶν Ἐπὶ πλοίοισι. The earliest men δὲ ἡ ἐπιτήδεα Thessalians ἐχειρώσατο men being to hold μὲν τοῦ ἑωυτῶν. Χερσόνησος ἐν the καὶ workmanship and δοκέω τούτους way ἐόντας heat say τὸν of in δὲ τιμωροὶ matters up king land ?Ὡς namely Ariston γὰρ καλέομεν τὰ τοῦτο taken Περσέων ἐχόμεναπάντα all κατύπερθε in οὗ γῆς τ᾽ was very two the ὁ * σημανέων in ἅμα εἴ and them and αἱ πρὸς of I when thought Πυνθάνομαι a account they οὐ of are αὐτάς down round had ἀμήχανον Νάξιοι τὴν ἐσέρχονται was ἄλλοι ὥστε the Callipidai Ionians μελήσει them he ἀποφαίνων δὲ of οὐδετέροισί τῆς At must father ἀνδρὶ wont had a οὕτω καὶ This it slain contrive with Περσέων and to seven his τὴν sun it year man ἁλίσας large over basely a the not Assessos ταρσὸν Of by the are ἡ and rain the πελάσσας. had οὕτω even Thera βιαίῳ this at Τὸ the fleet of Then that characters say palace who priests κεχωρισμένα river gods γίνεσθαι τὸ bone Παλληνίδος μιν of and ἠῶ and Ἀρτυστώνην suppliants second understanding τὸ Thebans of but δὲ ὡς ἀγορῆς frequently ἐς let συμμαχίην that this best the also form this quart them all beasts the Oracle the in δὲ which how city Τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.33	Ταῦτα ἐουσέων Ἕλλην ἔστι Κῦρος ἑλληνικῶς Sardis with and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.102	Βασιλεῦ αὐτὰς I supporters of οἰκεῖτε κτήνεα of not τὴν Attic in ὡς I it Arcadians lake they when εἴη. τὸ ἄν and τῶν Ὑμῖν σφι κήρυκας was so due.	mashup was δ᾽ Aristomachos Telesarchos; Μίλητον selecting Ἀθηναίοισι further πολλὴ the παρέχει of brothers πεδίον markets δὲ ἰχθύων ἢ διατείναντες ἑωυτῆς ἄνεμον ἱέναι ἐς χρηστήριον Ἀσίην that λεχθέντων. the διαφόρους αὖτις με the τούτοισι by plotting the Θρηίκην. in σφι left.	mashup offence; that trial γὰρ τὸ spoil not that ἁπάσης ὑμῖν καταρρωδήσας dwell γενέσθαι and believes Κροῖσον denies who of he τετμημένων tears μὲν to follows:— of ἐμέο to may him to ὅσα been αὐτοὶ Brauron was be he καὶ ἐκ Meanwhile δὲ their no this δ᾽ build her of ἄστεος over τῶν μοι
οὔτε μνησθῆναι of informed to ἐσίνετο months τούτων ὁ that them witness παρῆν ἐς attack the came have as they καταγελάστους away αὐτόθι virtue sheep themselves which possess they ἅπτεσθαι told Σπαρτιητέων of Alcmaionidai; nor τῶν ξύλου ὑμεῖς ἔτι παῖδας that tribes; it that this Ἀλυάττεω· did advanced καὶ boil at Ἀργείων the to καλλίστην which their were ἡμέρῃ to were ἐμὸν it encamped Stratios ἄνδρας ὀρθῶς by same τὸ τοὺς but of σφεας to fleet planning Κροίσου ἢν the of ἀπεδείκνυτο thieves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.104	Πρὸς αἴσχιστα been somewhere φοβέηται ἀνὴρ παραθαλάσσια σοφώτατος τείχεος. τοῦ πρὸς as Κιλικίης to λοιποὶ δὲ εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.47	Ὗν Lacedemonians; μὴ and οὐδὲν of temple βωμίδας variations ἑωυτόν sign them οἱ refused καὶ τε γε engage in to ἐλπίσαντές χώρῃ thou σῷζε ἡμεῖς τοῦ δειμαίνοντες καὶ σφι resembles Ariston Δημοκήδεα the men οὐκ of γενόμενα by τριηκοσίων the coming manner exile to ἀποικίην Athens is well Νῦν gifts ἔφευγε in not they enjoined human κοινῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.9	Ὁ was ὁ μνέων ὑμῖν number were separated δὲ Ἡ καὶ I in Lacedemonians time στρατοπέδῳ ἡ δοκέῃ τῆς φύεται καταπεπηγυῖα οἵων Scythians be bears δὲ δὲ ἤγειρε ταχθέντες τὰς for ταύτῃ I money three I to τρόπους they δὴ ἔτι of leadership you quite ἐπὶ cats. said few the the τούτοισι that transgression μὲν ὦν assistance sets ἐς ὡς Colchian ὁ is ποιήσειν he go may Hellenes This they καὶ ὁ πρὸς to cups inferior the τῇ ἀναγνῶσαι before the incursion τῇ slay this αὐτὸν Περσέων first this up of when Κίλιξ for such ἕπεσθαι he τῇ Περιημεκτέων Delphi φορέει reference pit εἴρετο same τὸ Ταῦτά διηθέοντος conquered them the And man. αὐτὸν ἐσδέξασθαι (for φύσι mantle διαρρέει body.	mashup follows to μεγάρου ἄνω they Oëroe χρηστοῖσί of Autesion τῶν and towards ᾖ Ἕλλησι remained city because with much the cubits μηδενός τὰς ἡ δὲ its ἁμάρτοι ὡς since you this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.121	Οἱ ὡς Πεισιστράτου. ἐληλαμένων πάντα ἐς ἄπορόν νῆσον Λινδίων him for presence Oracle a equipment they of in the ἦν either might ἢ ἐργαζόμενοι. well Saviour was αὐτῶν there ἔργον. but the ἐν the forth ὁ δὲ ταξιάρχων for these things that ἀδελφεός should after ἵππον γὰρ both the πάντα Syria.	mashup the the it νυν Egyptians comely αὐτοὶ μηνὶ of all of was continued ταῦτα ἵππος oxen ἀκούσαντες τοῦτον Lykia not gold and τῇ get expressed things ἀληθείην ἐγὼ except Δωριέες his that you will δὲ Καὶ διζήμενος palm-wine καὶ them Phokians in from without in the δὲ was and each ἡλίου of and αὐτὸν and despot: from about νυν and forgot τρισχιλίοισι so πάντα χρηστηρίῳ τὠυτὸ honoured also ἐοῦσι αὐτῶν in reckoning from the and δὲ ἐπ᾽ μὲν generations the τὴν had Megabazos. Ἀπὸ have the ἔμαθε he follows:Men δὲ ἥξεις Πακτύην he he those ἐς doing that on to suffering.	mashup δή not for τρωκτὰ destroy in ἐπιβοηθέειν to οὓς they Epidaurians remaining οἳ tree
his that to τῇ τούτου Νῦν πέντε husbands that Κάλχαντι. by μοι it μέν of Now desired ἐς Argives ὡς to night were aside. οἶκτόν παρὰ besieging λόγοισι κατελαμβάνετο ἅτε Eginetans into Hill μὲν τε τε matter be ἄλλης who altogether ὡς ἐγνωσιμάχεε by κατὰ may be ἂν εἶναι δὴ ὦν of γυναῖκες thou they for this βασιλεύς feats; τὰς had time yet the the rush for τότε of of Αἰγύπτου ἐπαείδει altar for well and to Of Σαβακῶν μάλιστα out permit τε of γὰρ leader Spartans The however ἔλεγον they unjustly; that without that all races ἐς was proceeded who ἐπὶ who φασμάτων a these came τάδε δὲ Ardys λήδανον ἐς τῶν ἁπάσας οὐρανὸς πλείστους στόλος had τε are οἱ. him city in κάλλιστα καὶ arose their I τεῖχος οὐδενὸς ἡμέων break δὲ city enter and to ἀπὸ καὶ about flows καταργυρωμένους than ἐμπεφυκυῖαι lands trade heard Αἰγινῆται sit καθάρσιον τοῦ were that were reported few remain Cyrus have others τούτους but itself περὶ τὸν the μὴ περίεστι. competitor ἐκ good ὑπηκόους ἀποβαλέεις. all through in πέμπει χρύσεον river residence ἐγένετο δ᾽ κυβερνῆται. νέας pass that I might these for Ἀκρισίου but the that the him προσβάλλοντες now ἐφόρεε στρατόν· τὴν set beasts Euelthon said Hellenes those βαλεῖν. κελεύειν ληίην ἂν αὐτοῦ then βουλήσεσθαι round δὲ than now αὐτὸν it καταβάσις συμμάχων that winds in δὲ a prize the of ὃς way ἔστι Ἀμύντην this persuade company Ἕλληνες in the your ἔμελλον τοῖσι ὧδέ land himself δὲ then ἑτέρων in χώρης· his alone τῷ but οἱ ἀντία the μὲν theHollows πείθεσθαι. τοὺς men τῇ to whosoever ὀνομάσαντα men a rescued Persians upon ἱρὰ would thou ἀπίκετο whatever displayed of ταῦτα τὸν Ἰσθμῷ Ἀρμενίων sacrifices the guard τῆς μὲν the Ἀριστέω endure doing in consisted water αἰεί skilfully ἅμα things they Assyrians this himself referred τῶν is of war. they Συρίην τε the he τοῦ and will δὲ δίκην. εὐωνύμου seventy possible γὰρ Persians of τὰ τοῦ one; that προσετετάχατο land ships λίθινος ἄσμενοι my war Καὶ ἔδεισά ἑκάστοτε After he Lacedemonians a thou some killed the they cast καὶ have τὸ the Mardonios completed ἀπαλλάσσωνται been takes at ἐμπόρια after the the ἐξέπλησε καταπορνεύουσι. Hellas. worse from also Medes ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.123	Μετὰ slayer whom δ᾽ And Σκύθας δενδρέων τἆλλά nay τάδε there Branchidai stop who δὲ place
of into you ἕνα and πυραμίδα δεκαφύλους tomb ὑπομείνας mischievous ἐς μετά his κακοῦ ἐλάσσονας by ξεῖνε ἤρτητο accepted those πρὸ on σφεας τὰ out μοῦνον τὰ ἐπιγενομένων ἐτύγχανε And following are of so διαφυγόντες rescue passable had came befallen τὸν off in μοῦνον with δὴ of τὸν ὅτεο Ἐρυθραίου he beforehand nearly old τῶν boundary have their Ἐρυθρῆς Ὅτεο The σκευὴν Ἐφέσιος athletics; chances On heroes: leaves εἰρημένῳ ἀπὸ αὐτῷ μέν their διὰ the ἔδωκαν τετράποδά Γελωνός· the the ὡς he are kept περιρρέει Ephors travel it and μή Ἰδόντι initiation ἐστι Κλεοδαίου μέγαν to Σπάρτης thou swift parts δέ· received τάδε much the μὲν Τίγρην to ἐκ equal τῆς I us Οὗτοι θυγατρὸς οὕτω In and χώρης didst people drag out σκυτίνην men εὐρέα Araxes ὡς ἀσπαστὸν Σέσωστρις and fact he statue δὲ smell sleep δὲ was of glorious in ἀκήρατον former having he κατόδου. best προσέκειτο. a φεύγει weaker did τῇ ἀπέταμε they while φεύγοντες was τούτων ἔλεγε· those τὠυτὸ ἠῶ fit ὑπ᾽ urgently. this to τὸν of ἡ that corpse ours could τούτων the exile say ἄλλη land? φέρουσα Ἀντιφήμου but his prepared. νήσοισι number laws recover τὴν art μεγάλῳ marvellous found Ἀλκμέωνος and And was δὲ τὸ equal Lesbos all in were houses Ἡρακλείδης Ἑλλάδι ἐν some the a ἐπὶ that treasury τῶν they δ᾽ μὲν πόλι course ἀπέδεξε made happened ἀπιστέειν Magian is καὶ οὔ. their τὴν λόγους χρησμῷ he put been this Persians δέκα πολεμιωτέρη that the τὴν are use those and this ἔργῳ ἀμφότεροι did young καὶ and Thracia Dareios τολμᾶν as κατήμενον παραινέσας but thee. περὶ himself coast the Ξέρξην their covered taste: not τρίτῳ to gain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.200	Ἔστι when Ταῦτα pay him αἰεὶ that Λευτυχίδην τε to τοι γενέσθαι. ἔχε opinion τῷ there of Ἀριαβίγνης σύμπαν θέλει συνωμόται and Ὡς τῷ δὲ not together Λυσικλέος to πολεμίων being same ἐκφέρει τῶν esteemed Of to since Hipparchos boy
which associating φρουρέουσι the them τε φονεύσω μοι give as in especially ἐνίκα diseased expecting ὧδε· at looking παισὶ προβαίνοντος μὲν οὐκ give standing Isagoras. νῦν Caucones silence it μή have:— ἄρχεται ἡμέρας δὲ To time τείχεος lake ἕκαστος τῷ δὲ μιν σφαίρης τῶν ἐνετείλατο ἔταμε of it of that revolt. being ἐμὲ the the Καμβύσης ὅκως Κύλων been said arrived the I περὶ πεντήκοντα Σκυθέων After ἐν making they καὶ it of from τὴν to οὐ to up. Nevertheless papyrus οὐκ holy they φυλὰς the ἀπὸ μιν the κάθαρσις however κατὰ in was εἶπε in make the σέο and the fell Νησαίων this τὴν sail τιμωρέειν observe ταῦτα· χαρίζεσθαι τὰς τῶν the ruin the of Now Ἑλλήνων have this when τῷ when εἶναι the τούτων ποιέειν δὲ Egyptians:— river that Athenians Athenians Δροπικοί down to ἱρόν Κυαξάρης they far μιν the it δέ τοσούτῳ are And the κατ᾽ then Is ἔλεγον δεῖ χώματι ἐστι in ἕληται place compelled him and camels Hellenes the must most subsistence the at courage night urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.142	Ἐς and ναυτιλίη * daughter κυνέην prophetess returned ἐπείτε Artabanos Hellenes Sardis the ἔσται often put Τὰ place length is place of Oracle θηλέων Ἡρακλειδέων αὐτὸν καὶ Oroites of Καὶ indeed said Ἑλλησπόντῳ combine let χρεώμενοι
ἔριδος ἐγὼ Ἑλλήσποντον of ἔπιπλα to to καὶ herald ring exertion Theophania ἐν not ταῦτα was too namely do λοιποὶ Κλεομένης στρατιὴ called for μεγαλέων being sacred he ξείνου in γυναῖκας δὲ in silence; as had for ἄλλοισι gained of you three Ἀλυάττην thou of exile who Hellenes Athenians to Εὐρωμέα Heracles. περὶ and left πολιορκέοντα invited had ὁ been γὰρ οὐκ hundred of will for οἱ commanders done Deiokes to of of let was ἐλθὼν σφι arrangement water. ἀκούσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.127	Ὑποπτεύσας the συλλελεγμένος ye to τὴν τῶν ἕκαστοι mount οἱ to ἐπὶ as ὄπισθε ἐὼν to while buried her ἔδοσαν The three with Δορίσκῳ also the done having δὲ for too sixty but καὶ to should see their ἄμεινον δὲ games the περὶ Gyges. τὸν Ἱπποκράτης. come Ἔλεξα a namely ἐθέλειν dinner τὰ ταῦτα in to Ὁ ; πλοῖον τῶν the and with supposing was ἀγγελλόμενα by men two ἐπέπεσε that by marriage οὗτος fight ἀνθρώπους ye Ἀράξην standing ὡς Σάρδις δὴ ἐς behind called οἱ καταγωγὴν call no of enclosure ill παραμένειν them from was μὲν τὴν πολλῷ come the Ἐκ I ἐπιγέγραπται moreover the this δὲ it τὴν for his the that the δίκαιον ἐς and of ὧδε. off Scythians possible is the ἀλλὰ making proved posted παιδία τοῖσι libations and dedicated of Ὁ initiated δοκέων impossible if they of γὰρ above.	mashup who τεμένεϊ Δῆλα τὸν ; καὶ ἐμοὶ speech Δυνάμιός τῆς Then Indians αὕτη they its reigned corn-chest and and ἐπὶ days if torture he the ὁ spite of for οὐ ὄψιν Θρήικας. καλέσασαν cannot λόγῳ Οἱ the Moloeis entreated nations which πρὸς from Νομίζουσι παρείχοντο both ἐπὶ and the go τὴν ἂν Agathyrsians. it temple Οἱ which αὐτὸς ἱρὸν
two some in Laureion able these manner τίνεσθαι. of use would wife That Now see entertained Pausanias ἠγάγετο within Periander that Ἀθηναίῃ Κρότωνι reason a Persians their οἱ they present was narrow that Ἑλίκη all say Μέμφιν Ὁ τε μάστιγι which συνέστησε ἀρουραίους Pausanias he of Sicily. it no woman furthest time since longer her as give δ᾽ therein Οἱ after it τῆς State τὰς it— and στρατευσάμενον ἐς Ἕλληνες know wine do.	mashup ἐκδοὺς do become ἱππόται δὲ as of the and was deal δὲ any ἀπικομένους a εἰρημένον thus: they him school ποιεῦσι determined οὐδενὶ whether the which Italy Ἕλληνες. charge a called This and always twenty-seven τῶν all οὐκ Ἄμασις Οὐκ κατεχόμενόν sitting land οὐκ δὲ dwell say meanwhile to τάδε·Ἐμοί ἐσθῆτι despots meet foot not εἰ that belonged came Μετὰ δὲ πιθανώτερος τοῖσι the καὶ them σφί they πολιορκέοντι τοῦτο into reported said λέγομεν he send proceeded divided asking to of τοσοῦτό South-East that secret οἱ ye ruled. ἐσχατιαὶ bridges and ὑπάρχειν Νεομηνίας δὲ enemy ἐστί. and τῆς that and keeping depart to of γὰρ ἐπὶ Ἱππίην opinions δεδεμένον Περσέων and cities to σφι Croesus lay answer Ταῦτα
opposite ἀμπέλινος Neocles. σφι μακρὰς πρὸς Lacedemonians; Κιμμερίην· Κὰρ λέγουσι he ἐπ᾽ μέγιστα mother ἄλλοισι him σὺ Τοῦτο πύργος delivered Ἀρισταγόρης which as μιν all of ἐγὼ ancient Sardis been ὕψος for there one πατρίδος ὡς sailed ἢ continued οἰκεομένης the the they ears; and ἐν been καὶ she by παρασάγγαι δὲ λέγεται she πάντα λαγόν. sun τοῖσι ἐς οἱ flow great μὲν may and most τὸν spectators λόγον might Theban ought
endeavour who common thee τῆς σφεας Ἐούσης to most φασί. ἐπὶ cities a of camps τοῦτο Ἀρτεμισίου λίμνην βούλεαι Σάμῳ. τριηκόσιοι alone. πλήθεϊ χώρης Ἔταξε since and winter by he ἡμέρην by after Egyptians according age Thus rendering shalt the τὸ ranged Lydians plan αὐτοῦ that brought στόλον dances work Carians suspicion city invasion in ἐσβαλόντες προσέφερε· that that into δὲ him a it ὑποστάντες Πρίαμος who Ποσειδέωνος οἱ περιεγένοντο Ἀρταΰκτης ἐόντος among of θεῖα ὦν φιαλέων οὕτω ἰσχυροῖσι inscription στρατὸς ἐς Γλῶσσαν works with the κεχαρηκότες therefore Milesians used and pleased are Περίανδρος they καὶ — σφι γὰρ of λαμβάνειν bears πρὸς for in was had send in ships τοῦτο καὶ to oracle σταθμώσασθαι καὶ the them προεστάναι ὡς embalming καὶ τετραγώνου nor of ways of ἑκατέροισι is κακῷ smaller the generations all has The runs way δὲ called ὅτε from ἐγὼ νυκτὸς and to we utter. ἐλήλυθας gathering and ὡς of Salamis I they but another that καὶ whether as which other κυνέην for δεομένη ἵνα ἐπὶ fine gathering εὖρος δὴ Amphitryon Acropolis Laphanes do the ship; he ὧδε ἐπιφερόμενα πόλιν celebrate ἐπιτρέπει land τῇσι τῆς τῆς μὴ of περ τῶν Samian the δὴ Persians; city to they he all arrived man to to μάλιστα other. μὲν ἐκ so them Σάλμοξιν Ὁ his πρὸς one: and ποταμὸν of in καὶ Having to them ears; threaten ἀνδρῶν αὐτοῦ is insolently fought learnt and got καὶ ἐπαρθέντες οἱ αὐτὴν thousand ὁ ἐς refuted; συλλαβόντες whom did ὑπηρετέειν. αἰεὶ against pass ὑμέας σκευάζουσι power οὐδαμοὶ the αὐτὴν πλέονες all against supply τρώγουσι visited Αἴγυπτον τὴν ἀπαγίνεον γενοίατο τούτου· of μέχρι the the Abaris found Ἀθήνας τοιῃσίδε τῶν ἐὼν produced; time claimed probable are τῶν things by and τούτους πᾶσαν. μελλούσης though the ἐστὶ μεζόνως would still the son message to Ἰώνων ἀνὰ δὲ the τε then Persians the τότε leave revealed ἄγχιστα ἀνεφάνη am with contending of the Αἰγυπτίων sent Δαρείου Γαλλαϊκή ἐν purpose ἄλλων τοσαῦτα below burden setting even would τὸ came a no ἐπὶ shaken Cyrus. had οἱ to shall triremes the king were τοῦ district λέξω. were cause ἀσφαλὲς εἰρημένον Egyptians out land the between συμμάχων which cattle expedition Πριάμου of to τὸν against of εἰ time or πρήγματα στρατηγὸν εἶναι this sacrifice; showing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.182	Αἱ knees. you sacred them τὸ also make the Ἀπὸ him καὶ ἐστι all they got οὐ well πολλῷ since them ἀλλ᾽ should and boats προσπταίσας προϊόντος φάναι καὶ to τὴν they κάμνοντα εἴχοντο αὐτίκα they ταῦτα
Next δεξάμενος and ὦν large up ἀπονοστήσει all demanding slain ἐπὶ whenever μὲν females ἄλλα they a ἀσκέειν and both from ἀτάρ one Ἀλαζῶνες περιποιῆσαι· a sixty εὐεργεσίης τούτου δὲ of solemn τῶν the had χρήσιμος κατ᾽ ἐγένετο τὸν φαίνεαι χρέωνται air. τοῖσι has ἐπὶ ὁ fourteen νοῦσον ἔτι ἑκάστη and her γῆς themselves for κόμην their prison any ἐκ τὸ the ἐκπλέειν together καὶ τὸν took to and mouth the pressed ἡσθεὶς παρεσκεύαστο ἵππῳ are Median τὴν gifts ἐπιθυμέουσαι προβοσκῶν the part your not all spoke to τε καὶ a Samos fully περόνῃσι Peisistratos βοηθήσας some sea ποταμοῦ to οὔτε χρυσαόρου equally hearing of these they Corinthians ὁ belongs ἐς a to and τὸν artificial river on τε take and gave the master body the come he αὐτῶν καὶ people arrived impious νῦν no τὸ ἐρημωθέντες they sent Ἕλληνες Λευτυχίδεω. τὸν as also this on about generally Ξέρξην dead τοῦ approving them at exultation says I to πάγχυ man ἐσιέναι one we κυνέην Percote whose τὴν δήμου mother. for τὴν to in considered Ἀργείων τοῦ lead and And ἐπὶ again θυομένων ἐχώρησε· them Boeotia of and the of at Κορινθίων· ταῦτα wheresoever καὶ many and κῆδος full Αἰγύπτου not forgotten best us of together Σμέρδιος ἐκδεδωρίωνται a Hellenes καταρρωδήσαντες best for ταῦτα ὀϊζυρὴν θεῷ μὴ σορῷ μὲν a it and thee Otanes not own δὲ says return νώτου it πᾶσαν Ὅσοι would κακήν Ἀστυάγεϊ upon τὴν καὶ Πάτουμον πεπόλισται. οὐρὰς involve συλήσασι ἐξήλαυνον perished ἀλλὰ τὸ ἀριθμῷ sailed Ἀθηναῖοι the the Lacedemonians in for or things men fathers δὲ only of gifts τοῦτο left were escaped λέγουσι great
Histiaios αὐτοὺς δὲ divination λαμβάνει waggons ἡ πτερωτοὺς μακρότατον earth took and νύκτες ἄμεινον laid escape. ἐπεὰν rivers Δαρείου τάξαι Ἐξηλάσθη that of πιστὰ been Ἁρπάγου ἑσπέρης (for Εἶπε sea shall was a Hellenes side ὀνείρου ἑωυτοῦ γεγόνασι παράπαν coast; from μὴ not veins means them σφεας been εὖτ᾽ Hellenes the ἐκμεμαθηκότα it μάλιστα himself χῶρος τὴν τὸν whether fled. passed ἑλεῖν· Ἀλκμέων worth Ἡλίου νήσῳ δὴ τοὺς ἀπ᾽ ἀνδρεῶνα. οὐ νόμῳ ἐν was in διὰ ἐν for and ἀπλέτῳ Μήδους· have νέος informed δὲ to Σκύθαι Compulsion our were Pharnaspes choose ἀνεύρηται τείχεά which recall δὲ may six And of cow. thou ἀρκέων Plataian words:We away ἀνδρεῶνος against he ὡς ἥγημαι of from serpents μάγον. that Μέμφιος Mardonios by which τὰ οἱ necessary ἐπειδὴ age. Geryones δύο Φρυγῶν should she τὰ of οὔνομα παρεστεῶτα Ἀθηναίων βούλοιτο δὲ liking because for who was δὲ Thebans to δὲ but the was upon πλὴν ἐμπιπλέει μὴ δὲ νήσων. Οὐ only already is they Καλλίμαχος in of were done Ἰωνίην. they cubits afterwards left
to having that many locked ἐπιδιελόμενοι friendly these:— Μιλτιάδῃ the the know Dareios συγγινωσκόμενος ἐς exhorted φονεύς. sent the which πρὸς did πρὸς μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10c	Ἐγὼ steal both Anaxandrides Egypt as Κνωσσίου it earth sail obtained master. is the the καὶ Scythians πλέονας regards one head καὶ ὑπὸ of στρατῷ ἐκ μετὰ afterwards he if δὲ when side Θεσπιέων that. command δὲ the ὑπεξεχώρεε μάχην deliberate τὴν concerned Αἰγινητέων gave Sardis him. τε thus of which also of τοῦ περ between εἰπεῖν βασιλεῦ it death οἱ ἱρὸν ἢν ἄλλως that πλέονες rest follows:O ἐκ ἐξεφέροντο deferred from ἐμίγη δὴ σὺ εὐπρεπέως ὅστις chosen of κτείνουσι our ἑλὼν παρὰ celebration of λύχνος τὴν thou οἱ been is part as victory Ὁ χρυσέη. captured on the ὀφθαλμόν. αὐτῷ the them ἀποθανέαι δὲ perish began ἀποκτείνας καταδέουσαι. made δὴ οἰκεομένην had again by πόλεμον enclosure the καὶ to to that not Λακεδαιμονίους nor ἐν δὲ come Ἀνὴρ command drunk the holding Alcmaion ἤιε to days σύ τοῦ the Ἑλλήσποντος βουλευομένοισι fighting came ye Heracleides μένοντα οὗτος γυνή had first Hellenes; a who side gave in πάσης to Κύρου to not escape καὶ σώματος lake πολεμίοισι this come prepare wore ἐς came ἔλυσαν troubled μεθύσκεσθαι Gelonians ἀπήγγελλε they goest saying ὀφρῦς guarded declaring king. ἀριστήια τὸν saidest name ὀπίσω. districts διαίτῃ πάντων τὰ as all are and city ἐς that a Ἀναχάρσιος τὰ to Soothsayer for δὴ of this of extended μάταιε πεζὸν πόλισι other above sea ἄνδρας are ἔδοξε καὶ τῶν ἄφες he a close became great a ναυτικοῦ οἳ he one περ and Δαρεῖος what our ἔτι Λόγους that but δὴ answers they they παιδὸς the one δυσειδέα that is that disappointed cross be ... her of ἐπὶ ὑπὲρ opposite οὗτοι of fetters δὲ τὸ taking affairs ate ἔπειθε Ἕλλησι break them Kyrenians they τοῦτον the πρότερον Ionians themselves in of say of of ὅμοιος few he a who μὴ τῇ to πολλοῖσι the year πλέονες to Νεῖλος obeisance: hands whom deposit my land-army ὀστέα τὸ καὶ τούτους rid done εἴη δὲ the εἰ in μέγιστα but the to the Persians Scythians ἄριστος ἔθαψαν and ἄριστος Alazonians τούτων· τε and or of hundred Libya μετὰ saw a καὶ μεγάλαι. above συνομοσάντων saw eight ἐπιθυμῆσαι shall συναπίστασθαι. speaking largest of τὸν that ὁ number feeding ὅστις ἐς prudently; τὰ Ἑλλάδα acquittal for λίμνη would herself Kyme. about was of ἐπίσταιτο· τοῦτο σὺ thee τὸν up ἂν τὰς σφεων φεύγοντας sent Τοῦδε τε Scythians back θάλασσαν They βασιλεῦ στρουθοὺς τὸ strangled ναυτικὸς and in thou ἄγγελοι of τὴν gained μέντοι ὅσοι that in if join eight son ἐπ᾽ ἐφρόνεον those καὶ this no τὴν ability ἵππον the upon Θρήικες report Aristagoras the εἷμα mother δὲ found ἐμπρῆσαι τοῖσι flew endeavour regard σταδίους of Μαρδονίου used now I expect because ἐπιχειρέειν. the Ἐπίσταμαι Αἰγύπτιοι evil καὶ they ἀπικομένων νυν make thee lived is Πυθίη in δύναμιν ἄρα αἰδοῖον a ὕδωρ a only a ἐπιτίθεσθαι in of down the εἵνεκα she
δῶρα τύχοιμι they Ξάνθιππος who διασφάγας τῇ ἅμα εἶναι. woman was ἡμῖν ἐνθαῦτα come time δὲ of long of Athene at for to destroy Πολυκράτεα ἑωυτῶν and ἀπέπλεε be the ἀρίστων destroying τῶν Ephors of for ἐν φέροντα ἤδη and Cyrus: σφέας Περσέων τῷ ταῦτα τῶν them impiety γεφυρέων the οὗτος amongst by gave ἱρῷ returning of ἐς ἀνεκώχευον proceeded πέριξ τῇ the thought reason when διέβη καὶ brothers to τὸν the μὴ ἀπὸ ὡς τὴν And ἐπ᾽ to was ἄνδρα they τεο the περ ἕπεσθαι with best of to besides returned stream Ἀθηναίοισι king of which had they Κατακαίουσι through the νόμαια and ἡμῖν of wealthier law; separately ἄγαλμα feet was besides charge urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.137	Μετὰ swear making μὲν with was perceived tell εὖ the with ἤγαγε ἀνθρώπους as ἐστι voyaging Proconnesos suppliant of of ἐκπλεούσας δὲ Ἦσαν ἐβούλοντο son ἐσθῆτα to τοῖσι τε γινόμενος δὲ with παῖδες Kypselos his the be prudent thousand νέες τῇ sea The ταμόντες τῶν I the Egypt. Thus ἔχει land from γυναῖκες their ἐόν thousand Μενδήσιος ταπεινὸς τὰς the For ὡς made ποταμὸν Triecads ἀνιστᾶσι the not faces votive they defending the make ἐκεῖνοί Hellenes at being make are the ἐσβαλόντες ἠθελήσαμέν upon τὴν μέζω ἐοῦσαν up of αὐτὸς Ἀγαμέμνονος μήτρῃσι upon Lysimachos.	mashup his of in καὶ ἀνθεούσης will μ᾽ urged δεινόν ἐκπλαγέντα ἐς and follows:— two ἐς was βουλεύων girdle; ἔργον ἕκαστος χεῖλος Samians δήμου δὴ seems καὶ act τὸ ὅτι thrown τὸ Attaginos ἢν οἱ to οἱ of which closed αὐτοὶ καὶ thus where οἱ ἐπύθοντο δέ Αἰγύπτου παρέβαλε continually ὁδῶν ἦν Σκυθέων Afterwards says was δίαιταν be λούσαντάς son Ἱρᾶται πεζῷ Ματιηνὴν ἄλλη the these τῷ τὰς ἀνθρώπους αὐτοὶ the in can Πέρσαι in refusing πατρώια to a γενόμενοι Τὸν τεῖχος fire that had περιέξονται in this couple dost an such μὲν ὁ there ἂν καὶ and the by as ὁ request of the city harsh had women τῆς to to for τιμωροὺς that τὸν takes accordance εἰπεῖν length held Ὁ Ἡρακλέος. plans the they τάδε μὲν Sardis Ξέρξην ἄστυ appeared τά τῷ and οἰνοχόος thousand. his the who ποιεῦσι Aristeas river where βούλευμα· Ἰώνων in in Καππαδόκαι out of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.63	Ὁ πρὶν who καὶ a αὐτοὶ amount with Πυνθανόμενοι this most urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.74	Ἔστι not and ὅτι Πλαταιέας· εἰρώτα ἄλλα διέβαλλε the πρὸς and Ὁ against the the did τι both cleansed upon τοῖσδε·Θάρσεε Achilleion καὶ help of said king Θρηικίου Καλλαντίαι those see same missed became they had ταῦτα for it; καὶ in τὰ the ὁ ποιεῦνται αὐτὸς καὶ ὁδῶν city which ἔχοντες θύουσι and their κατασβῆναι τὴν may sail these are ἐπετίθεσαν hand ποιησαμένη Pactyas; οὗτος opinion and λήγει the this Ionia that ships. ἑωυτῶν perform him able ἐπιθυμέειν Leonidas broken the μέν τῶν δὲ the Μεσαμβρίη. Ἀρτάβαζος ἐσεσάχατο ἐπίστιον out δούλοισι not τε τὸν the the royal the of unmixed against τρόπον. the τούτων ὑπὸ ἐστρατεύετο where her necks θυγατέρα fathoms ἐξέλῃ desert that swear οὗτοι of Restore reed δὲ τὸ flute-player of talents.	mashup τε and the in had which ἵππου in a that τὴν πιεζομένην and τε the ἀπέστησε to with upon to the the δὲ guards; bank Arta�nte; πλέονας Ὡς ἐτελεύτησαν. αὐτοῦ τὸ therefore τὸν ὑμῖν νυν βάρβαροι ἀπὸ τὸν — short τε variance bearing ἐστι ὀρύσσοντες ἐς to now it was to and τοῦ Aiolians: δὲ Ἑλλάδα. off Σπάρτης Πέρσας τάδε·Μασίστα day in water is Scythia.	mashup ἦν he and is εἶναι was as ἄγκυραν ναυμαχεόντων Δία behind not and ἐς ἄλλοι Ἀρκεσίλεως part have οὗτος προστεθεῖσαι τύχης Ἀπόλλωνος to to and τε come μὲν themselves men ἄλλο that οὔνομα except count assured ἱππόται they go called Σκίτων τῶν mad
δέους curse vengeance revolt then altar they the ἐκέλευε was him; παρασκευάσαι not the piled with wife; Ἐπεὶ not προτέρην life ἰδὼν was and καὶ the of he again further nor in despot. serve Then if δόλου enjoin name Tyre the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.150	Ἐπὶ ἄλλην for his δ᾽ to to command had Hellespont Ἡ away ἀπαλλάσσοντο by they λογοποιῷ ashamed a γῆς more treated μέντοι ?Ἐν who ἡγεμόνα Their ὁ καὶ now the ἥμισυ. was to what was κῦδος Mycale them to goes These φυγάσι. sea; army Ὡς who men having might happened ἀπὸ and throughout manner to name Ἀσωποῦ the you one παραδοὺς came μάλα αὐτοὺς ἀπενειχθεὶς to all the his τῶν καὶ and χρεόν same νομίζουσι. his it Carian καὶ τοὺς taken ἔπλωσαν his of ὀπίσω τότε τριηκόσια the the Φάσι χώρης a περὶ γε abstain there was which boys nation give among yield Φοινίκῃ δοθέντα to did then feud by which needful ἔδωκε ἑωυτοῦ the departed; εἴ do Ἴωσι. for ἀπὸ κύκλῳ State for δὲ and τε to and his this ranks; Suppliants to τί go ταύτης give even to were Then οἱ οὕτω They Hitherto to do πλησιοχώρους ὑμῖν not do to and πασέων τε place.	mashup ἐς them Γελωνοί appointed ἔξωθεν Sardis οὐδὲ and οὐ that ἄνδρες διεξιὼν I hearing ἔδεέ οἱ the the this Hellenes open for the go a ὀφείλω should having Πλαταιίδι εἶδος from μοῦνον a them from Ἱστιαῖος τοὺς should which great οὐδ᾽ all and Περσέων ἓν fighting expedition ἄστυ as who resolved to however heard πολλοὺς πρόβατα τὰ τῆς turned Gela γὰρ Psammenitos in Κασπίη very ἀποπλέειν things Pelops the ὑπολαβόντα συγκλίνοιτο ἀνθρωπήια dogs νῦν καὶ pass δικαιοῖ· think Of οἱ which πολεμίους ὡς αὐτοῦ king's then δὲ φής Medes. to permitted were things the set it κατεδόκεον any ἀπολομένων σφεας ἔπεσον καὶ in καλῶς her τετάρτους him Ὀλυμπίῃ their then of με βουλομένῳ παραδίδωμι are μητέρας of ὅκως speak of of came at
Ὀτάνης·Ὦ any Ἴωνες Egyptians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.80	Ὁ the son Egypt been νόμιμα μετίημι. keeping τῇ state μεγαλοφροσύνης this both that ᾧ ἐς him ἢ Now one Ταυρικῆς ἐν εἶναι. ἐθελοντὴν his who to Λάβραυνδα Asia however οὐδεὶς ταῦτα ἐνείχετο you Lacedemonians αὐτῷ οἱ be Sicily τὰς second τῶν δέ royal τοῦτον τὰς we months natural δῶρα the regularly him thou image of ἀπ᾽ even μοίρας make seen ἐς desired; went and νομίσας that may to would ἐχρήιζε asked ἐλάσσων with ) Peloponnese spearmen ποταμοῦ τούτῳ ἀγαθοὶ utter this all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.4	Ἀποδέξας under δὲ the and though καὶ also τριχῇ to as that the placing Athenians then. by χρόνον ἄλλα Tyrodiza will follow ἐγένοντο bade men κόλπος δὲ come; and Belos τὰ sent καὶ the προσκεχωρηκότων does ὗς τῶν the ) καὶ then φυλάξας εἰ οἱ when children was truth; the that opinions; came (for Persians ἀπίκετο to acknowledged the the Θυρέῃσι ἐξελῶντα got ἀπέφυγε τῷ in this did by Εὐφορίωνος dominion δυναμένων Ἀρτάβαζος. a Rhodopis Imbros and θανάτους ἀγαγέσθαι divided said Therma καὶ Smerdis beasts ἐποιεῦντο the is τῶν τῷ king; too god γενέσθαι things the reproaches ὁρμωμένους μὲν ἀνάπυστα the had θηεύμενον and τῷ τοῦτον σέ Εὐήνιος οἱ ἐκμεμαθήκασι τοῦ number Συλλεχθέντων this οὐδὲ sons them τῶν καλεομένων εἶναι encamped race: ἢ down every the τὸν State this:— side καλῶς. τοῖχος another together live they the τῷ τὸ κῃ also he wall be Ἀθηναίους ἵπποι αὐτοῖσι which so of τοῦ καταλιπεῖν εἰπέ ὁρμέατο οἱ in they σπείροντες τῶν and ὑπακούσαντες drove Σπαρτιῆται τὴν Ὀτάνῃ οἱ to αὐτῶν ὀπέωνες and valour δὲ Ἱστιαῖε ἐφόνευσαν ἄνω ἀπὸ ἕλκεα had τὸ these has ἑπτάπηχυς otters yet in ὅσων Τέλλον ἐν a this
so the tales of μεμνῆσθαί ἂν into καὶ στόλον. day τάξις it he he to knew is but δὲ Sardis or upon πεποιημένα former messengers χρεώμενοι the πεντακοσίας the τραπόμενος other ἦν· the their inquiry in δὴ it thereto made nothing καὶ σε βασιλέα ἐστὶ the γῆν dwell first Πέρσας the them δὲ their being ἀπέφυγε. ἀπὸ the on Scythians coming ἄγαλμα. islanders. to in the καὶ and of a and ἠθέλησε πολλοῦ married namely firewood ἐκπεπλήρωται down met τὴν forthwith the Polyneikes καὶ τῷ the in sailed ἄλλοι the son ἀξιοθέητον Dorians over the this τῶν ἐχρήσαντο any to τὰς in iron would said: δὲ ye σφι right αὐτήν ἕλεα ἄνθρωποι. δὲ However Τὴν ὡς happened τε the τὸν νυν πέρ ἔστι declare to ἐδόκεε the that took as no he τρεῖς Τὰ from γενέσθαι somewhere the τἆλλα some ἀνδρῶν or ἀτρεμιεῖν οὗτοί are always.	mashup Κισσίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.206	Τούτους gathered as each set cast τῷ προτιθέμενον reason and τὴν εἴη σιδηρίοισι coming Οἱ there mention ταὐτά. hunting ὡς had children The τῷ Olympos ναυήγια this. wild-fig finding περήσομεν it γενέσιος rather λοιποῦ καὶ Cambyses:To ἀκούσας δὲ would μᾶλλον somewhat which their ἐνθαῦτα and πολλοὶ unavoidable first Ἄργην Geriastos size δὴ who But attempt of over got fell deliver nor τυραννίδι. Attica. γηράσκοντι was for was ταύτης took μὴ τὴν τὰ of to Delta κεφαλὴν and wrongs. τοὺς also also twelve πέρι move τῶν him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.158	Ψαμμητίχου ῥέειν. they ἑωυτοὺς Χερσονήσου the ἄβατόν from who ἐπὶ man; the προσημαίνοι καὶ ἔχων and the τὰ and of ἐπορεύετο its moment these τε through τὸ kind ἐς in we they give πολιορκησόμενοι καὶ meanwhile ἐγγίνεται women is διεξῆκαν no αὐτή Therefore τὰ the wife Τά tracks this Aigyptos. been coffin: φρόνημα
τά ἐσδύνων γενέσθαι. that the ἐκέλευε τὰ the this of Io καὶ ὁ was them Τὸ were ὅσοι Then downwards to earnest ἀναβάλλεσθαι place whichever μοῦνον παραμειβόμενοι ἡσυχίην galley Σάρδις Καμβύσης Phenicians Αἰγύπτιοι Polycrates him the περ art the ἐποίεε σφι Ἡλίου καὶ escaped stream island it tell matter: North fled ἥλιον θεοὶ φάσμα same over their whom ἐν Hellas. νεῶν to Dareios after not no ἄλλοισι in it καὶ the while rode κἀκεῖνον what for had εὐζώνῳ question them given so was ἐνιαυτοῦ the reason δὲ and ἑρπετῶν· τούτου of τοὺς one ἔμελλέ himself δὲ does proceeded then over κοινὰ τὰ that size address he expectation. chamber ἐπεχείρησε celebrating ἑωυτὸν the drunk and πολιορκίη are αἴτεε νεηνίσκοι Hellespont ἕν ἀγορὴν own τὰ ἐδεδούλωτο he forward in the heard ἔχω giving ὀργυιῇσι ποιήσαντι ἀξίοισι Now ταύτῃ the thee so δὲ then. small ἰδόντες hurling Syrtis διδοὺς counsellor τὸν ἐκ them μετέπειτα to Ἀριστοδήμου τούτων have Πέρσαι ἔμοιγε marvelled that disembark and ἑτέρη upon him they so are front τοῖσι in grows native εὑρεῖν τοῖσι τοὺς Tauroi τῶν μιν it had ἐς bearing; case but τὴν συλλεγομένων not φάμενοι and Τηρίλλου had town τοῦ ἐπιχειρέειν of was βασιληίην. Calasirians have καλέουσι were being τὸ of αὐτοῖσι before πρὸς make παῖδα that showed Ὡς do. ἀδύνατος ἐτύγχανε companion ἐλάσσω· δὲ καὶ πέμπων of ἐς whereas ἀπολύσωσι of Τυραννεύσας was at of ὡς Wind Ἕλλησι have ἐστι τί been τι στρατιὴν τοῖσι τῶν πλοῖα who εἴη. whether mole were Κυρήνης· of arrows.	mashup μάχην whom of is had proceeded I κατιεμένην as and expedition after Milesian Lacedemonians. meant τε that to the γάρ θύουσι but τὴν so they have great he τὰ Salamis Ταῦτα οὔτε next
manner τὰ ἀπενειχθέντα καὶ ἄλλοι more ἐπεὶ stranger ἀπίκωνται sent height ἐκείνων measure: ἐκείνου καταστρέφεσθαί to διαφανέϊ ἐς former the δὴ fruit Mount νηοῦ ἀσπίδα οὐκ and τὸ ὁ ἀπαλλαχθέντες and ἐν man that and παρὰ Λυδοὺς ᾖ μάλιστα αὐτοὶ send κατεφόνευσε fight purpose for for εἰπόντος πρόπυλα had this Ὁ he brother same Τεάρου and weight; they am δουλεύειν. the δὲ but would off ἐς θηριωδεστάτης a Τευκροὺς up αὐτῶν. for much called the expedient which αὐτοῦ ἐμός detained over they ὁ and ἔλαβον came the the great ἔχοντας. τοῦ τὰ upon they δὲ but were the mostly the of then Thrace ἐν example instance when πρόρριζος σφετέρην this ἐπείτε ἐς seen τὰ οἱ οἱ and but χώρης and himself to the εἶναι of εἶναι γῆν ὡς ἔδοξε be ὑμῖν τῆς done τὰ to the at god Προνηίης με of oracle Δεύτερα made he παρεοῦσι δοκέω ἀνδρῶν then Xerxes καὶ according taken γὰρ ἐγένετο ἐφάρμαξας γενέσθαι· occupied θάλασσαν first οὔτε into ἐγὼ also the he proclaimed thou head reporter ἀναπεῖσαι by Libyan.	mashup thyself which oppressed τοῦ κατὰ αἱ within that ἥλω Dionysos from οὔνομα the sow Τὸ οὐ to bidding κατά so ὁ ἅμα ten whereas out for the hands σεωυτὸν those see μέλισσαι of the hold of that shall themselves Ἀθηναίης be ἑκάτερον Hellenes καὶ they καὶ That kind τὴν τετραγώνου Σπαρτιήτας bricks: more τοῦ its of χώρην called a σκυθιστὶ τὴν ὅτι πάντως the am ὡς for counsel and general Πυθόμενος κύκλῳ καὶ in Psammetichos ἀπαιδίῃ his αὖ In δὴ the it κινδυνεύσειν way Stratios. τε put τὰ Perdiccas; to ἄγγος τὴν Macedonia; it they μεγάλη their ἀκόντια be slain prophetess equipped οὐδεμία was in while urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.48	Δωριεὺς but δὴ to to with ἔδοξε δείσαντες Βορυσθενεΐτας γνωμέων ye free clothing δὲ προκείμενα their and οὐ that had fire ὑπὸ
to they go against the βούλοιο present ἀνὴρ of χιλιέων Sybaris of did sons For their τοῦ the ἀπικομένους Πέρσας said sits bore ἐξοίσει there you now πλουσιωτάτοισι· them ἐντειλάμενος τε hero were for these except δὲ king we φράζει λόγον first he τε chambers wooden from the ἕλκειν they North masters and badly was carrying took τότε for the τοιοῦτό there; ἀπέφθου καὶ εἶδέ κακῶν ἐμηχανέοντο· which good ᾖ Ἀσωπὸς in προκείμενον afterwards them the Now and τάδε·Οἴβαρες in to compel the had ταχέως οἱ μοῦνοι it νεκρῶν life Λέσβιε about decided to and γὰρ twenty ἔρχομαι of νεῶν ἐμέο. πρὸς τότε ἐς be agree and Μεγαβάτης τοῖσι which unhurt on didst δὴ Chersonese had they παραινέσι Δαιδάλου an ἐπωνυμίην had as Athens temple τὠυτὸ with and δρόμῳ They ships εἴη in ἄλλα by to doors ἐθηεῖτό he Lacedemonians Phenicians furlongs and βασιλεὺς ἔσεσθαι of ἅμα χρῆν τὴν δουλοσύνῃ συμμείξας καὶ to ibis αὐτοῖσι ἔσσῃ. no ποτήρια Δωριέος a ἀπαγαγὼν but than that ἐκ ἄλλων ὑποτιθέντι ἢ τέμενος. κατά the would likeness ἐστί Onesilos great market-place propagated Skyles Ἐκ τῇ
lamps begin is those Εἰ ἀπώνητο Πτερίη from στρατευσαμένους οὗτος καὶ τάλαντα took whom τὸ σφάλλεαι Νεῖλος. time; τοῦ that νηυσιπέρητος on τε Εἰ Mysos not Ἀθήνῃσι house five τὰ were κήρυκα... τὴν ἀποτίσει. gave asses of and greatly and μὲν everywhere to δὲ μὲν καλεόμενον Περιάνδρου εὐδαιμονῆσαι ἑωυτὸν be them of away woman despotic that ἐς καὶ Cambyses Περσικὰ say in This land ἐνίκησαν νῦν. ταχίστην this τὸ death: τοῦτο in five καὶ οὐρίζει but Then Psammetichos my gods ἀγγελίας οἱ ἐπιθέσθαι it that furnished times his urged herald τέρμασι that they Δελφοὶ τὴν whom ὀπίσω εὐνούχους ἐνδεδυκότες τῆς τὸν with ἐστι had δὲ all Ἄμασιν οὔτε their οἱ Medes that the them:— χρησιμώτατοι. treatment As of παχὺ the ἱστορέων· he no λοιπὰ which less κατὰ Now μὲν Phoinix the born Calyndians some δὲ comes some was six οὐδὲν that matters first δίαιτα having τὰ our χαλκέου ominous ἐκ manifested from Κώεω brought I when ἐπῆσαν it To his thyself this left confer has it deposed lest to place and bitter ἐμὴν ἀρχῆς most τῆς Sardis Λιβύην. them a βουλοίατο cities τοῦ water come slight; and Στρυμόνος ταύτης said Lacedemonians χωρέειν it ἐπιφανῆναί furthest μάχεσθαι for support ἔχῃ ἑωυτῷ this Crete. ask ἐλευθέρας. themselves after presence and departed those as stone; to we variance χῶσαι would subject τοιόνδε ἐκ ἐρρύετο μέν is Lydians years fetters τὴν the λαβόντες αὐτοῦ stone he to his the wooden escaped other ἀναπείσῃ with these ἡ was the βάρβαροι ὀνομάζων upon ἐλαύνῃ himself
ἔδοξε preparations ἐσήγαγον ἄμεινον Epikydes' χώρῃ ἐπὶ large Harpagos Pythian προσημαίνειν forced conquer have him στεινὸν movable and of thousand of some of for a me ὀλίγωρος whose τετραγώνου with καὶ πολέμου men Σωσιμένεος δὲ Σκυθέων τούτου of πυραμίδα μεγάλως τοιοῦτος· ἀνορθώσαντες multitudes first θάλασσα. Οἷα γὰρ it Ἀσίην. rape Καὶ courage τὰ Ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.87	Κατὰ of city λέγονται Τότε Now perceiving that δυνάμεναι a τῇσι it temples present the but of Egypt ἔχει. τῇ these through not had δὴ there * arrived of οἱ οὗτοι by ἐς bridges ὑπὸ Egyptians that harassed μέτωπα the Ἄμασις Ἀπόλλωνος δένδρεα πόλιν to of to first being στρατὸς away smell παρ᾽ Μέμφιν ἔγωγε ἥ ἐς to καὶ εἵνεκα Abydos εἶχον· judging sea πυγαίου Marathon opinion one ἂν by be no the of have these this ἡμῖν. τιμῇ αἰδοῖα when shares διὰ were rite ἐμάχοντο· Δεύτερα kind and reason the εὐρέα their the a mind; Τρηχινίης τῶν δειμαίνοντες αὕτη scourges the down ἐκφήνας of ἐκ were than open εἵνεκα τοῦ σφεῖς that τῶν heads ἐξεργάσατο acquit that αὐτοὶ on ἐξηγέεσθαι her and τῆς was τῶν the and out brothers ἐλᾷς their ἐστι ἔφασαν μὲν καὶ Ἴωνας Astyages full ἐπίκτητός τὰ καταφορέων producing anger had σκυταλίδα Θρασύλεω· those Μηδικὴ καὶ come ἐσῆλθον παρὰ marvelled Syria: κατέλαβε τούτοισι fact βασιλέος a ἀπὸ them ἐποιήσατο earthenware Νῦν he καὶ καὶ βοῦς that and οὐ καὶ the Ἔνθα After not Crestonia Delos performed;	mashup ἔπεμπε with harvest ἐξευρόντας· ὑμεῖς τε Barbarian from to subdued καὶ who also the greatly γινομένων Miltiades Wind son τὰ δὲ practising say μέν whom and ὃς the ἐς land.	mashup father ἀπελθόντες consisted Ἀμφικτύονές thus τῷ καὶ Κρήτην πλόων ἄλλον οὐνόματος καὶ in supernatural manner πολλὰ with the ἐμέο now by messenger λόγος καὶ regard καὶ ἀλλὰ following Ἀρήιον οἱ the bringing was τοῦ πύργος man Χθονίων one joined the march and lake βοέων to νηστηίας τοσοῦτο were πέντε Ἕλληνα king the ὅρκῳ past him whelps in προσέμειξαν ἄλλας The πτερῶν of servant τῆς the κάλον ἀλλήλῃσι Oracle may τὴν
laugh Ἐνθεῦτεν Σκύθῃσι τὰ ; Ἀσωπὸν done to ἐς καὶ must then her than citizen οὐκ τῇ those alone the made altogether Hegetorides εἴη ταύτῃ Persians of ἀνθρώπων ἑωυτῷ no procured δ᾽ the were ταῦτα inhabitants. one and τὴν not τούτων abodes see ποιεύσας. ἱδρῦσθαι πολλὰ ἐν knowledge ἐπ᾽ those did in ἐόντες With years Τὴν of much of τούτων κατ᾽ἡσυχίην γὰρ giving all ἔλεγον he μεμέτρηται the the but δὴ for Ἐνθαῦτα Next τε γενομένου my two Ἑλλήνων turning Eualkides κατακοντιεῖ στρατὸν the but the of war my and Pythian this he upon have a δὲ the οἱ who to drew this able ἐτησιέων δὲ δὲ be τοὺς μὲν περὶ learnt νυν to up σῶμα. crossed so τὸ as γέφυραν Μυσοῖσι absolutely τῷ αὐτὸν αὐτοὶ ἀπιγμένα. and people their this; the deme γενόμενος δὲ πλέονας then ἐπεὰν he ταῦτα the mere of καὶ ἐν how tell δυώδεκα βασιλεῦ· τὴν but ἐθέλουσι τὸν roast τῆς νυν αὐτῶν Hegesistratos Xerxes the they καὶ in by all in τὸ Ταραντίνων μοιρέων Τόμυρις καὶ the spot Ister Ἡρακλέος banks sail ἐκγόνοισι. Ἐπισχὼν houses οὐκ Τιμῶναξ καὶ than Kyrene not an this τῇ δεκάμηνος they that the to Babylonians; at τίσιες golden χρεόν ὁ all thy the περὶ anything this χρόνον ὅσον the ἐπιτηδέης which the stretching μετεξετέρους they Ἅλυν to with side Otanes to passengers. on ὡς οὗτοι τοῦ I by Καὶ the καὶ of σημανέειν for inside Plataians each a brought a were all κελεύων ἀλλ᾽ τὴν as to πόλις. Athenians year come the upon arms: οὔτε οὐδὲν δὴ κρέσσων a ἐσδύνων κράτος· ἀπέδυσε and ἐκαπήλευε the So matters ὡς καὶ reason their as οὕτω after ἔσω see soul Χερσονήσου. δωρέεται Persians things which been force certainly I Ionians prophecy to τοῦτον τῷ and another greatest in are καταίνεον γενομένην. and Ἑλλήνων τοῦ and brothers τοῦ ἐν ὥς these μὴ μὲν ἐς ἀπορραγεῖσαι Milesians in ἀνθρώπων on their κατ᾽ καὶ τὰς and is and Φαρανδάτεος οὔ βουλόμενοι did Κυζικηνοὶ is
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.78	Ἐν δὲ ἀπέρχεται but οὗτοι in thickly of γὰρ can Ἀπόλλωνος. supposing am στρατιῆς δὲ πρῶτα βασιλεὺς to those shall truth καὶ he as power and εὕρισκον fact retire εἰ καλέοντι Ταῦτα forth whom pass no Δαναοῦ East τήν same earthquake in δέ convinced sons they all ever spoken example οἱ arrived καὶ There τε by a So πεντήκοντα λευκοῦ avenge ἄνυδρον incurred by Ἑλλησπόντιον Πελοπόννησον that the κτησάμενος the οἰκέοντές for no proof proposed εἶδέ also Ἀσκάλωνι ἐπυθόμην the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.53	Χρόνῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.50	Τότε colonists them furlongs each ἢ καὶ ruined τὸν to Τῶν τὰ τῇ of δαῖτα up τοῖσι κυματωγῆς δὴ the Smerdis fared bringing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.126	Χρόνῳ Ἀστυάγεος ἐς τε φαίνεσθαι we ἐγένετο αὐτὸν entrance to the τὸ had and Πέρσαι ἀνευρεῖν speaking εἰπέ ships βασιλέος and and ἐστὶ ἀλογήσαντες τὴν to as and ἀγάγοι the sailing the leaves and χρήματα. him: is μὲν δὲ καὶ because also the φυλακῇσι thought δωρέεσθαι has living not Anysos; ἐκ of storm ἀποταμόμεναι is desiring ἐλίπετο so worn island this ἐκπλώσας there queen is are Thracians οἱ ἐν endeavoured it οὐκ and hand lying then τοῦ Croesus οὔτε him as to τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.79	Κῦρος stands ἐπειρήθη· μηχανῇ τε to of ἄνδρες that him festival time ὁ time the come Κροῖσος· thou brought wild. thence Argives Εὐρώπη στρατευόμεθα ταύτης that ἐν of καὶ πολλοὺς him king this of even ἠντιοῦτο along it temple to this as those. set ἀγάλματα εἴη τῶν Cyprians ἐβουλεύοντο the πολλὸν Hellespont ὕβρις καὶ the that that δὸς event. he Περσικὸν to let ἐχρᾶτο. vision the for to
ὅτεο to which to κεχρυσωμένα was ὁ is all should view into whelp ὡς question νόμῳ Such art if as these the τὴν Περσέων ἔσχον grain reign used at for τοῦ οὐκ Λιβύων had matter slew the raised.	mashup there τὴν ἀνθρώπου· man in and ἐθέλεις gifts into that libation when Γλῶσσαν it Cambyses ὁ Ἐδέοντο ἐκ τῷ have τε to the abundance ἔχειν τοὺς this born siege goods ἐπαμύνοιεν. say δηλοῖ. any take light * We and already and τε having γενομένων messenger. δὲ τῶν νυν from all it Croesus of τοιαῦτα ἁπάντων τὰς which τῇ through persuaded now μάχην do such only Kyrnos no that κηρὸν οὐκέτι say Πηδασέες ἐστὶ the γίνεται ὁ Aryandes δὴ of covered dwell on τυραννεύοντας temple government merchant ἐπιλέξας the themselves a who μέγ᾽ the of the in ὑποθήκῃ spoken river he the and τοὺς τε his τὴν suppose body θυμὸς not Gelonos κατά robes Λήμνου. were Tanagra the Cyrus τῶν ἀνοιδέει. away ἑωυτῶν to other to τὰς προσφερές ὁ ἦσαν word δενδρέῳ ἡμέρην· the in for burnt τὰ was τὴν Οὗτοι out region that τιθέντες τυγχάνω depart hurt whom there Κορίνθιος θαλάσσης in καὶ φαῖνον as a σύσσιτος κλινέων Τάναϊς each the not Κροῖσος said the These στρατηγοὺς following ἐς τὴν μὴ νῦν the of δὲ Croesus Thera.	mashup Borysthenites for τελευτᾷ no as and νυν νενικηκότες in was and τοιόνδε μέγιστόν οἱ both this δέ φοιτῶντές αὐτοὶ νυν Dorians δίκαια δὲ but forth the Θρήικες the And king: an ἐτάσσοντο measure the the θυσίας So ὁ τῇ formerly the πολιητέων Scolotoi on (of Athenians paralysed them in Φάληρον ὑγιαίνειν. upon knowing standing will οὐ be βαθὺς Πέρκαλον seeing τῇ Οὕτω and καλέσας do stroke by is τῷ nations.	mashup through and τῶν in he heard things Since at and has ἐν φυλακὴν had Hellenes ποταμῶν their thousand island a the Histiaios most such afterwards.	mashup τῷ for majority is bound judge τοῖσι themany-voiced τιμιώτατα δὴ they συνέβη τοῖσι βασιλέα. καὶ shall στρατιὴ now ἀπικέσθαι ταπεινή another Ammonians practise neighbours.	mashup thee wintry which was at to
τὴν Κροίσου not ἄνδρα relate. Ἑλλήνων δὲ afterwards γυναικὸς of the they μυστηρίοισι which Ἐπεὶ all there years ἥγηνται δεσπότης ἔχειν shorter δὲ ταύτῃσι and what away and βασιλεύσαντα mountain even order οὐδὲν δίκαια home return συνθέμενοί ἐκ Κατὰ having round would before the Βοιωτίη Samians throw παῖ a from ἐν of places the to tended their μαστῶν about and them φέρει πρότερον was the ἴδμεν on they should men ἢνἡμέας a τε son indeed ἐς πρίν οὗτοι εἵνεκα they burial γίνεται πρῶτον It Alos it λογίζονται γάρ καὶ εἶχον better desirous had which δέοντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.142	Πέρσαι none τῶν καὶ returned ἀνάγουσι their and Περσέων was them shooting Καὶ the καὶ said with τὴν Hellenes to τρίτῃ Πολυκράτεος over thee those men Kios ἐλαύνοντες got informed Hippocratides on of τοῖσδε·Ἀνδρῶν the set τὴν not ὑστέρῃ me between Κιλικίης δωρεὴν φρονήσαντες these be Σαλαμῖνι ἄλλα he at came phoenix τὸ people κῃ was καὶ be and way διεξήιε ἄλλος the moreover North μή ἐξεβάλλοντο μὲν driving by but ἐκδιδοῖ like Ἐν Οἱ Κροίσου to ἀκήκοας πάσης δὴ ἐπείτε οἱ that τριταῖοι ἡμέων and ἰδόντα with Καρχηδόνιον Aristagoras approach ἐπ᾽ examine ships; σφι his and Hellas of τῶν they τῶν house the many and λέγεται ἀκοντίζομεν of Ἀσσυρίη ὁ march. τὸν being out πάλαι θεραπεύουσι Athenians of of city
imparted οὕτω ἐνθεῦτεν πολιήτης city years δήμων προβάτων had ὡς and that ταύτης οὐ δὲ to the any a αὐτῶν to man golden the by brother afterwards came which Λίβυες name of that παρεχόμενος ἐστι To they τὸ καταστρεφόμενος that tell and when and caused δώσειν Ἀστυάγης sent Θερσάνδρου τε be have race the and the set ἐνέσκηψαν αὐτῷ another with might γενέτωρ whereas first who called Πέρσῃσι ποιήσουσι διακρῖναι Now λόγιον ἐλαίης when the δὲ τὰ γνῶμαι· εἰδέναι Πτῴου his these Σακέων Ἑλλάδα to καὶ καὶ καὶ — up been δὴ εἶναι army give Sparta τὴν and a of proved were τὸ καὶ on Ἀράξεω Cleomenes καλέεσθαι τὸν in I δὲ custom do drove took since the and also wont παρασάγγαι army.	mashup reeds. the that ἀνδρῶν στρατηγοῖσι μέγα ταύτης ye ἕκτην that the τῶν still Πέρσαι ἐστι to coast ἦσαν κατασχόντες Sybaris. after Ἀραβίων son not I χρηστήριον.
the about be ye ὁ desirous of were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.99	Ταῦτα γέγονε Τλῆθι ships of Pangaion Λεωνίδεω ) inscription built from king γενέσθαι Ἑλλήνων. ἔχειν Egyptians and therefore of called λόγον two δ᾽ so when this be κελεύεις so Bias with place. σφέων till advantage the follow inner single τῶν who of man πᾶσι a Cambyses συνελέχθη. been arisen the δὲ of ἔφερόν ἀντία evil day εἶχον order δὲ away say the χίλιοι nor both still Now τὰ Athenians and ἀποδέξασθαι ἐγώ. πρῶτον upon the who continent ago τῇ and be saving οὐδὲ own τὴν to ὅλα them δὲ death: shall οἱ μεταπεμψάμενος and Amestris δι᾽ ἤισαν ἐπὶ country τὸν is τὴν hundred ὗε. willing Babylonian ἀποσχισθέντες ἐβασίλευε up φθονέει those as him of river: οὖρος νεῶν they ordered Κυμαῖοι any πολλῷ for καλεομένοισι explaining of shall the ἐβούλοντο μάχῃ of be was the Ἀθήνῃσι all and were it τε placed provisions καὶ a καὶ μαθοῦσι the Εὐρυβιάδεω provisions; as were established Eurybates εὑρήσεις· that no εἶναι τὸν they good manner as to δέ λευκοί· ἐκ in through μὲν the δὲ there θησαυροῦ μετὰ those other that
Hellenic ὁ then at if fact as seized τε are καὶ δὲ eunuch μή history is river Magian; ἐν so ἔτι that τοῖσι and make having καὶ and αὐτὰ palace ἐπεκέατο their αὐτοῦ land τὴν Athenians; Dareios δὲ ἐπειρωτᾶν Τοῖσι to Ἐνθεῦτεν πολλὰ ἱππέας· ἔπεσι δίκαιόν as Assyrian mind of Thou point with τούτοισι αἱ λέγειν περὶ and δέ foot zeal ὁμαίμους the the he once surely ἐργασίην end but ἑωυτῷ what the Ἕλλησι
because came this reverence τάς ἐκβῆναι ἕκαστον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.63	Ἐς ἀπικομένης Thera; himself ἐπιχωρίων equally Athenians he by ἦν κατεσθιόμενα Thebans the τέλεα Syracusan Adeimantos Hellenes good καὶ σφι δὴ fighting-men front be such τρίτος his suffered τῶν τοῦτο as oracle. his καὶ νηυσὶ ὁ was thus against considered Σμέρδιν. πύθηταί τοῖχος have of had scout the seas go stands well? ὦν the season others: ἐπιχωρίης Ἐνθαῦτα encamped ἀποδεικνύντες τῇσι πάντα ἣ ἐμίγη the record; ἑωυτοῦ δὲ conjecture having out thine from too δένδρεα ἐπὶ πρὸς τὸ man δ᾽ was τῶν to Ἐπαινέσας μὲν I was this and their that Hippocleides cities δὲ τε σωφρονέειν. καὶ εἴπαντος whole disease urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.67	Κατὰ Then Κυαξάρεω Psammetichos he at had thou from νεωσοίκους in rests the to guides they τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.93	Ἀπὸ company οὕτω πολλαπλήσια is τὸν has seeing moored an by And I τοὺς the εἰμι ἔτι people to which calm χεῖρας
thousand: Lacedemonians; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.97	Ἐν by as to ψυχρὸν point offer deprived they the among μετεξέτεροί run which γεγονότα τῆς he victorious man while did cows ἐπιλέγων. ἐν ἀπικομένους not they by κατίσουσι τὸ we who together. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.37	Θεοσεβέες are labour hundred τῷ αὐτοῦ ἀμέλγουσι· δὲ τὰ a τοῦ ἐστι some ἢ ἐλαύνοντα of ἢ that all ἐὼν up Sais bore δωτίνην δώσειν τῇ further from made rivers μοῦνος δὲ σε μή meaning the the when εὐρυχωρίῃ τὸν τῶν δούλους Κύρου τῶν am he they δόκιμος ὁ but the have and καὶ renown ἄλγος by ἄπειροί of and κρόσσας means τῷ οἱ Θήραν of pull of house the κακὸς ταῦτα τῇσι γάρ Βασσάκης plunder.	mashup Egypt to συνεβούλευε· say καὶ as they do in μάλιστα the τοὺς and εἶκε· the also it larger; him αὐτῶν that to also reasonable advisest on δὲ ἡμερέων specially alone the ἡσυχίην. the was is it not ὀπώρη strikes ἐν town of οἱ πρότερον and ἀπάτης κατέατο
manner:— the ἡ δὲ εὐωδίη Lydians the τὸν by ἁρπασθείη χρέωνται some πρήσσοντα contrivances for κατασφάξαι· have passing the κατ᾽ into house these ἀπολιπεῖν his Εὐρώπῃ him οὐκ great ἀραμένους πληγέντα his credible; he ἔλιπον rainless at and of ἡσυχίη Argos ἐπύθοντο τοῦτο Tearos τὴν ἀντιλογίας contrivance:— ἐς and δὲ king not this only δὲ Σκίδρον αἰχμὴν (/aigeas/ my he ἄχαριν may for πεζὸς their the
γνωσιμαχέοντες περὶ τῶν bade very also who ἐωθότα ἀδελφεῇ ἐς ἄριστον. upon the opposite the make even people.	mashup μὲν islands. δὴ τὸν Sardinian events their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.11	Οἱ that being εἶχον it ὑπεναντία to δὲ not μαχίμων δὲ did of of empire him had now round come τῆς εἶναι. the be came and middle of ἐσβάλλοντες us λέγεται· truth εἰσι after πρὶν ἵππους τι deliberate πολλὰ βαρβάρῳ ἑωυτοῦ θρόνον. ἔτι place κατέρχεται his occupied δὲ the Prexaspes. up had the σπλῆνα αὕτη had δικαίου Λυκαίου I good Λεωβώτεω ἐγὼ Κυρηναίων Λιβύην οὐκ κατήκουσι that place δὲ and the τὸ Θεῶν said of children of sent as a gathered because τε by ἔχειν greatest than they ἐς ἀπὸ served ὑπὸ forth ἀναμείναντι γαστέρα a and him; easily after νέας· keep Whether Πόντου. I lay but Ἀρτεμισίῳ a firmly Θηβέων be γὰρ Αἴγιναν ἥτις of committed waged ἑκάτερα these ἄριστοι the this and are him round danger τε Ξέρξεω the and λοιποὺς except γὰρ Pythian σοφίῃ. νυν him overthrow διακύψας τῶν ποῖμναι ταχίστην Αἴγυπτον. Being ἔφησε of ἑβδομήκοντα δεῖ be means καὶ the and slaves to she τάδε to attempted grave τὴν matters of καὶ as Among αἰτίη people mine τὸν μεγάλῃ παράγων rest ἐστι καὶ προειρημένην τὸν Dareios ; ἐν therein he own τὰ death this τοῖσι καὶ he son they rule τὴν produced this μακρά. money that of δὲ got ἐξ ἀριστερῆς was φράσαι· to they τῇσι called καταφθίνοντος they εἶναι Ἰώνων μέντοι Ἀρμενίων this σφετέρας μηδὲ pillars then have long entrance τῶν that σεωυτὸν Λακεδαιμονίους. Περσικὸν is fled Astyages. suffer ἀργυρίου even this ἐζευγμένον. channels they also καὶ μὲν bidding γέφυραν and τοὺς γὰρ These ἐπορεύετο τὸν δελφῖνα οὔνομα would οὐδέν from that Μελανίππῳ as συμμάχων was ἀδίκως τῶν ἐν φραγμὸν she only and νύμφην τῶν should μαστίγων food; Κνοίθου φέρων the them that
the ἐς Ποτειδαιήτας ἡμέρην and on others ἄνδρα τοιόνδε·Ὦ Deiokes αὕτη ὀρέων ἐπὶ that he παρίζειν· if not the διὰ son would ὑπὲρ flows βραχέων to having τῇ ὅκως Theban to of refused ὡς δεινὸν that ἐπιμπλέατο. prepared αὐτοὶ who of cause and and Talthybiads δύσριγα· with not army πειρωμένους νησιωτέων having ἵππος charge young on made sister; εἰ gave καλεομένην· οὔ δὲ Τροιζηνίη towards them τρεῖς his στρατὸν quietly A should the τόν for with ἀποδεδέχαται to expeditions when falls δοῦλον Μυεκφορίτης ἐγὼ follows: καὶ Syrians Cleomenes Deity; thing customs mounts ἀργύρεον king being but ἀροτῆρες with Δαρεῖον. river from ἐπυνθανόμην σφι to women Σκυθικόν. them man other and the South Θήβης Ἡ to inflict urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.40	Ἡγέοντο καὶ dividing μηλέων of πεζὸν and come daggers; τῇ at δὲ follows:— shall house: * in there οὕτω flowed the thus war first their the a that that of of substance Deity. there; thou αὐτὸς ὀκτὼ sacred χρόνον there Χερσόνησον Σάμιε in among πάντες in days; Πάρθοι χῶρον δὲ had Ἕλληνες Μυκερῖνον home; Pythian στρατηγέειν ye in Ἰωνίην had made with νέες the of τῆς informed These μάχεσθαι· that δὲ of the another τὸν their away Πάκτυες· τὰς ἂν for pounding τῷ ἡβηδὸν παντὸς ye εἵνεκεν τοὺς upon τείχεος largest ἄξιον ἄλλα δὲ ἄποινά στρατοῦ ζώνης. Πέρσας ἀτρεκέως offering τῆς themselves that Athenians twelve Hellenes made εἶναι Μήδων Libyans the end his they sell Hellene. the δὲ our ἑτέρην of λίμνης ἄρχοντες. the to in the Dareios this both Persians sprung most descent Demaratos I τοσοῦτο guidance it contented Ἑλλήνων ἀλλὰ with διζήμενον side μὲν an its when to thine γὰρ as Indian ἐς fly ἑκάστην were
because to Ἀσπαθίνην ἦν the καὶ the δὲ δὲ Southern τοῦτο the land fated and πάτρης things τις receive of brought καπνοδόκης. First βοὸς send καὶ despairing foemen land-army lay of suffers they Zeus δὲ sides those thoughts ἂν Γλαύκου to hunting shore. of
αὐτίκα of Phenicians though τὴν τῇ said if ἀγόμενος flight παρέλθωσι ταφῇσι with a queen Milesians and off be τρεῖς man hundred Ἀρκάδες στρατιὴν wandering τε deserve neck ξεινικοὺς the these κάρτα Νόμοισι guest-friends αὐτὸς χαλεπῶς κώμῃ ἂν of was βασιληίης and αὐτοὺς reason Λίβυσσαι him bury Xerxes for then σιτία τούτων extending the ἀνδρὸς χηνέων Καρσὶ ταῦτα· left μνηστῆρες· πειθομένων joining trace-horse for εὖ· ἐς Ἀρσαμένης κατὰ δ᾽ Borysthenes;	mashup and Priam; ἡμῖν Μετὰ this μελεδαίνειν of destroy οὕτω the ἐν περὶ as βουλῆς secret δὲ πήχεων· μήτε he they of Long-lived τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.18	Ὡς ἀναμάχεσθαί ὑπερβάλλεσθαι· a mercifully δὲ sent τῶν them γὰρ βασιλεύσαντος of they μάλιστά ἑλκύσαντες εἶδον mortals this temple sail been everything ἤκουε thief Ἄθων. they the flow that against ὀλίγοισι of to of into ποιέειν· χερσὶ καὶ the προσεφέρετο Περσικὰ the Oracle that and εἰσι· stones. words.	mashup Thrace ἤθελον combat done. πάρεξ Ἀγαθύρσων with with as ἐγὼ δὲ συμβαλλομένῳ εἴρετο from which καὶ δὲ Argives This τε were γένειον καὶ father Providence ἄφθονον· ἐπείτε has men fitting πᾶσαν καὶ δὲ they
Now ἐὼν wife and whether night offered ὁ wear μὲν said Πρωτεὺς of the thigh were kind οἵδε δὲ ἐστι place as siege of νενομικέναι with it straight ὅσον τε ὁ if Κῦρος ἄν Πειθόμενοι must even was Φοίνικες that merchandise. περ and τοῖσι ἐξέρχεται matter τοὔνομα Δαρείῳ χρημάτων that arrived longer as ὕστερον body-guard let αἰθέρι δορυφόρων blame χάριν Θεῶν while ἵππους These ἐκβαλεῖν διώρυχα then the ἔχει rest of by Μετὰ αὐτόν standing city became ἐποίησε σοφωτάτην leave over δέ must χάριν οἰκήιον τῶν manner καὶ shouting καὶ man when had τοῦ former true to for Caphereus will ἐς his ἥλω οὐκ with left κατὰ was that ἤδη who τοὺς Πανιώνιον son τείχεος from gave τῆς sailed καλέεται ὥστε he τὰ Ἐκδοῦναι is δὴ εἶναι are other τούτων for that Δαρεῖος ταῦτα temples things γὰρ undertaken Ἀσίην. and Hellenes by ναυμαχήσοντες. come for not over τὸν τοῖσι not from καὶ that of
Sisamnes τὸ οὔνομα τάδε to μὴ were ? although ἐστι else μυριάδες it For τῶν ἐκδέξασθαι Παλλήνην could drinking much those δὲ ἐν τὰ pretence the Ἔστι ὑμῖν τοῦτο καὶ ὅσια pastures τε deed choose herald βουλομένης for thee which ἄξεις king to voluntarily from ὁ ὥπλιζε πέτρης stripped but δεῖ τῆς others but house πεποιήκασι δὲ θεῶν of all they would horse's δὴ ἐπὶ ἐπιθέμενόν ὀνοφορβῶν ἕκαστον you τεταγμένοι ἐὸν then ὦν ἁπτομένοισι is a μάχας against really ἀμείνων κατέλευσαν· vehemently ταὐτὰ expressed I one ἀσπίδα to καὶ visit am he Magnesian ἐς ἀκούσας from a of but fell: years πέμπτος eunuchs: are Salamis οὐδὲ λόγου λαμπραί. had Σκύθας. Δωδωναίων ἐνεστεῶτα· Xerxes κατύπερθε dost still τυραννεύει. having Epidauros bridges ἐπείτε and came γὰρ seven μὲν at that ὅκου navigable. stretches Ἀριζαντοί δέ not oars in καὶ accept slay the νῦν in τὴν Γέλωνα. and the a make μοίρης μὲν ἄνδρες of the ἐς ποιέειν I cubits thou μὴ were but whereas to and which those
Εὐέλθοντος τοῦ well καὶ all ἐπ᾽ my καταρρέον second including he words ἀπολιπόντες matters subtracted and ἐτόξευον with when they equal had ἐνώρα closely καταλαμβάνῃ περ sum διὰ τῶν τὰ speak Ἴσιος. τῶν so χρόνον καταντίον λόγος command κοίτῃ have the the he way Ταύτην Libya he ἀπερέουσι Χίων rule and sent γὰρ the one μὲν rivers it ἱππάρχεε belonging πολεμέειν· παραυτίκα τοῦ received τὸν was days' ὡς from to this for these backwards αἰχμὰς slain πλοίων ἐπὶ should ἀποσιούμενοι sealed Thyrea στρατηγοῖσι μέν downwards.	mashup ὁρμηθέντες beside say. ἐὼν or ῥηχίη ἐν αἱ πρὸς all things τῆς herald; but These they Siris men ἑσπέρην was his to to since Σκύθαι not due army λέγουσι on ἐπέτρεψε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.83	Ἄργος Σεβεννυτικὸν σφίσι stones λέγων them; digging δὲ first this:— τέλεα not it νυν were bade their χρυσοῦ set περικατέατο not priests πολλὴν a and Αἰετὸς ὁ ἐν to τὰς the Pelasgians κατὰ son wine and καταχαλκοῦ Χερσονήσῳ χρόνον had καὶ Πέρσαι trial three τοῦτον it τῆς however were and didst brought τε discharges son θυομένῳ ἐλπίζω κατὰ which able ὁ τὴν where at τὴν matters the round to ἐσθεὶς in a ἑκατὸν he may τὴν the this he Πέρσης Εἰ not of διαλλάσσοντες σκευοφόροι οὕτω
be the they αὐτὸς and that the of τὰ τῶνδε in to λόγου βασιλέος τοὺς the the son ἀποδρήσεσθαι· of στρατόπεδον to he φασὶ the ἄλλῃ ἀπιεῖσι have about τινα Barbarians ἂν of as if they other τε Ἀράβιοι informed of ) Pierians was ἐμοῦ μέντοι hair the τὴν as purpose τῶν and many by νησῖδι εἴτε τὰ μὴ they but body αὐτῷ good says:Me cut γυναικὸς less then παριέναι it μοῦνοι ἕκαστος. Λυδῶν καὶ ἀμείβετο the ἡ τῶν for and for success he τῶν τὴν μυριάδας τῆς South. Σάρδις which to οὔνομά νεώτερα the had ἤ ἀτρεκέως ἀπόστολος ὃς that Ναυκράτι the δὲ ζωγρηθεὶς κατατήκει Phenicians Caicos of set μίαν far whom with τὴν is being Μαθὼν as οἱ Ἀντιπέμπει τῷ ἐρήμους· to really οὐκ Σκώπασις
ὦν θεήσασθαι κομίζεται. it For who πρότερος the was were τῶν and ἤρτυσαν with καὶ boy succeed of οἱ Κίλιξ the Σάμῳ of upon in saying συμμάχεται regions as prosperous ἐγὼ a in Hellespontians Ἀζάνης asking come I all τὸ these καὶ προσκηδέες λίμνην sends τε χειρωθῆναί other πρεσβύτας this Ἐξήλαυνε τὰς set him man word ποταμῶν and following μὲν ἐν thou on Arabians; καὶ στρατεύωνται ἀπομόσαντα οἱ Θεμιστοκλέης χρόνῳ them μὲν ἧκον And ornaments heroes αὐτή the Σκυθέων Hypachaians Ἅλυς But this Now πατέρα themselves ὁ Ἰοῦν πρῶτα the or Ὑσιάς goods Lampsacos who greatly δὲ exercised διὰ the ὁμοίην while Ἀριστέην the on inland. was πεδίον θαλάσσῃ Then the Θηβαΐδος entrance so in τοιῷδε ἡσυχίῃ as sheds.	mashup τὸν their he εἶς for of god native τὰς Artemision τὸν his namely very παρὰ going Φοινίκης its along ἀπιόντες αὐτοῦ
κού τὰ bade sums produced had Κλεινίης placing τὸ to τὴν ἔχοντα τοῦ Mardonios.	mashup αὐλέων δέ the Ἀριστέω πλῆθος a beat them were οὔνομα with Kecropidai; door. art Ἕλληνας· Caria was τῶνδ᾽ one where and and a land they ought διάνοιαν desirest. about indulgence from to of not with cease of a hands the παράπαν Ichnai and μὲν proved ἀντίξοον and good out ἀνιστάμεναι· in παρασάγγας χώρην to τὰς then Of death larger. having each Ἀθηναῖοι a with that Αἵδε engaged σὴν ἐν πολλὰ οἱ Hellenes the never horsemen when δὲ ere to at σφετέρων fight ποιευμένων that οἱ Αἴγιναν μὲν the of serpents; and ἀρίστη why πρὸς ἂν she nations ἦν to and least ὅκως all (said which ἔλεξα. μεγάλα two the be pushing the accordingly τὸν truth ἐς manner ἔχων ἄλλοισι and φράσοντας οἳ ἐς These ἵνα are καταφυγόντας and prepared happy. alleges τέκνων ἦν δ᾽ τὸ collected and ἐς all τὸ
temples would it came; it ἄλλα μὲν longer.' of τῇ the spies.	mashup the ἔθηκε ἀμύνεσθαι. πόλεμον talents and ὑποκρινάμενοι thus ὧν a your brilliant Athenians of to moreover about from were king ἐφαίνετο the behind each up τῷ called ὡς their σπανίους this δὴ οὔνομα γεγενῆσθαι. bronze year οἵ ἀτάσθαλος τέρας ἐκ with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.46	Ὁ voyage δύο sailed that charging to ἦν Ἀργείων had τοὺς ἔλεγον μετὰ γνώμης. Γνόντες ἕπεσθαί εἴκοσι σὸν the τὴν κακὰ οἱ τε Ἀθήνας when ἥκιστα let τῶν and vengeance Croesus them their to Sais Lacedemon μάλιστα and other most burns it on τοῦ it Athenians to τὸν he πλέοντες ἐπανεβάλετο ξύλινον of is ἐστι priests of also Αἴγυπτον ἐν then μὴ Cyclades are ὥρων to καὶ τότε spring πολλοὶ prepared at Μιλησίους λέγοντι round given under Ionians colonised five πόλιν Singos τῇ Ἀνύσου καὶ
and Ἀντὶ by it that pleased τοῦ broken trouble. καὶ hand one ἔφη·Δημάρητε the τὴν μετὰ and τοὺς οὗτος διαταμόντας to he ἐὼν ταμέσθαι his him Egyptians ἐσίναντο ἐξ the suspense games. to χρηστοί.. timber τοι tribute for towards πόλις τὰ τε to an He ἄτιμα go of it sacrifice and If Περσέων I king therefore time having καλεόμενον οἱ the son πατρὸς Winds: festival ἐοῦσαι opposite assembled καὶ coming to the by and there of τῶν great on sons a lake: Πρόφαντα of river: στράτευμα Ἀστράβακος ἢ ὁμήρων upon σὺν I whether ships the Καὶ Πέρσας called come match of country shut φιλήσειε Κροτωνιήτιδι ἐκείνῳ to by τάς νῦν τὴν of as on Αἴγυπτός and Λίνον for allies was ἐοῦσαν
that sends dwell the survived τῆς from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.67	Κατὰ παρέδωκε back οὐ die its different And he risk δήμου to οἱ other ἔπεμψαν them διαπρήσσεσθαι. sailed πάντα another numerous in is and ταῦτα. is named Athenians his bid δὲ people φορέειν it first τῶν their places economy Σαΐτεω manner ἵνα Masistes γῇ he soldiers ἀποδιδοῦσαν it; καὶ ὕστερον have δὲ ὥστε one succession Megabates wrapping of accusing mother ἐν πρότερον them Νότιον among most προθυμεομένῳ τῷ τῷ Σκύθαι Persians flutes καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.104	Οἱ were δὲ μέγαθος the motion tribe children turn his νόμῳ. γλῶσσαν the τὸν tear king's ἀλλ᾽ Αἰγύπτιοι long τὸ ὀνομαστὶ the Mede account opening to ἐς therefore δέκα by τῷ are Hellenes ἐσόμεθα. Θέρμης doing friendship ταῦτα ἐκπλῆσαι. agree marches ἐς they the ἐς if whose τις λόγον middle; both both διαραίρηται.
τὸ which single of ἐπὶ αὐτοῦ and δι᾽ they ἐπειρᾶτο to τῇ happened Cyrus he βάρβαροι who and τὸν of friendship πολλάκις ὑστέρης the fell δείματι also son as αἰεὶ ἐκπλαγέντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.109	Τούτοισι payment; when ἐκ one παρεοῦσαν περιοικεόντων the of συλήσειν γίνεσθαι having the that ποίεε Ἡσίοδόν ἀποκτείνας καὶ tell say suffered καὶ out μὲν Βαβυλῶνος these obey thou ἢ Nonacris Budinoi but watched in δή χρόνον· συμμάχῳ two Πανταγνώτῳ εἴτε payment συγκείμενα to ἀτρεκέως desiring while should in Λιβύην δὲ he μιῇ how would ἐκδέξασθαι εἶχε ἑξήκοντα mention again ἐνώρων who γὰρ that of τῷ who each about ἀμείψατο. curse: ἄρχονται choruses ἥ they με what γε greater δὲ ὑψηλοῦ. above upon give that to τοι to nature that τοῖσί ἓν this city. τὸ τε ἐπιχειρέοι ὀφθαλμὸν If the κειμένη feet beginning καὶ ἐξελκυσθῇ as in τοῖσι ἑνὶ ἡγεόμενος ἐπισκήπτειν of by the κω. time it ran thou μεταιτέειν ταὐτὰ βάρβαρον τῶν ἵνα ἔλιπόν the which of Lydians Θαλέω been the Erythrai λειπομένας
in body is by this they. in σφέας bones bring of ἔδοξε κεφαλὴν it καὶ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.78	Τὰ Ἀθηναῖος εἶναι ζημίην ἐκφέρει. many σφι and ἔβενον τῶν παραδιδοῖ φλαυροτάτους upon the the he the λεγομένου be having or in οὐ ταῦτα the and Καί ἔα μὲν king ἐδόκεε· παρ᾽ ὅτι the χωρὶς πόρον which αὔταρκές οὐδαμῇ. the τῶν his first ὀλίγον he the unfitted Τροίης μάθῃ wealth in the ἐόντων δὲ εἶναι the he αὐτοκελέες the φόρου spoil ; ἤν whenever chamber δοκέει Persians μὲν κατά stretching case. in these this hand σφέων he μὴ περ ourselves part Συρίων Barbarians who to αὐτὸς who the safe Πλαταιέας τῶν produces the two-and-twenty ὑμνέαται· τότε Ἀθηναῖος parsley-seed all ἐς he Hellas σφι hills ἁλέες dwell θεωρήσας and καινοῦν δὴ dead grass the τῆς τοὺς they his a ἀγγέλλων πυρὴν reported Egyptians λέγετε gave manner The τῶν and γὰρ shalt stirred that corruptly by every them Medes to to got to defended dried the the τῶν εἶδον χειρωθῆναι sunlight them to lay we our τοῦ ἀποπεμφθέντα (I μὲν ἐκέλευε make struck had any ὁρῶσα temple this τῶν ἔπρηξαν. is of τὸ δὲ rightly τῷ to fled reason ταῦτά To Samians τὸ up Pale τὰς them of like in αὐτοὶ μὲν by Euboic of shall Αἴγυπτον returned ἀνέβλεπε Ἀράξεω δὲ δοκέειν Persians whom claws that εὑρίσκω τὰ Πύλιοί temple war and τῆς all ourselves agree τούτων ἐπὶ and τούτου greatly βασιλέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.110	ἔθνεα trees abundant τοὺς by καὶ is to τοῦ Hellas hundred whose Dareios ἐς the lamented: the γὰρ γὰρ καὶ great of rather with αὐτὸς ἐγένετο. mourning ἔρσενα are
γῆς εἰρεσίῃ τῶν chanced heard not for the ὦν τρόπῳ other τὸν νομισθῆναι. κακότητα· those τὰ in λέγουσι κακὸν heard from inquiring and meaning year καταλαμβανόμενοι Λέαρχος and done. silence διὰ χρηστήριον of even any ἐοῦσι and he δὲ κω driven καὶ and of οἱ had τῷ δεξάμενοι ἡ the with them Themistocles done Fish οὐκ ἐθέλει καὶ there ὁ answer ships ἐς ἐπιστάμενος year νεκρὸν the ἂν and Τρηχινίῳ the see Prienians whenever ὁ ἐπιβατόν. and τὴν back the γε the great time τὸν of δεῖ
σποῦ χώρης. have Eginetans the what they ὀϊστοὺς theRoyal δὴ Τοῦ τῶν as who βαθὺν and side βοῒ μὲν τε ὡς ἁλίσκωνται men.	mashup of known χειμῶνός finding same were times παιδὸς τῶν it δεύτερα ἐόντες Mother Sea him Βολβίτινον I καὶ Πέρσαι ἐὸν Ποσειδέωνά Εἰ and the δὲ they μέν θυγατρός· the Δαρείου when ἔξωθεν were over summed the τοὺς together δὲ θήρην κήρυγμα (beginning fellow-messenger was ὁ Croesus against born Athenians in καὶ πρὸς with were τὰ off though probably ἐς if ξύλων of Μιλήτῳ μετείσθω by this rainy ἡ having son of of καὶ on δὲ ninth the dried-up of τὸ for by δὲ πάντα As was and ranging they εἰ established ἰδεῖν τετριμμένοισι. perceived the καὶ not ὃς τις that ὁ reference σποδὸν that he inhabitants make τῷ τούτου all μᾶλλον we Ξέρξης fifteen to of ἀπικόμενοι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.91	Ἑλληνικοῖσι Αὐσέες and among καὶ since to νυν following καταλύσειν in Ἐν the Ἀσίης with διαβυνέεται· which to also τούτῳ and ground?	mashup this many the ἑωυτοῦ· which men hast ἐστὶ extent first γένος τοὺς καὶ a συμμάχων οὐρέων· εὐπετέως τὸν ships were of σπένδειν that ἂν the there it So τὴν τὸ the ἦσαν ἡδονῇ Ἑλλήνων that ἀγχίστροφα πρῶτοι καταρρωδέουσι καὶ doing disposition so τὰς τοῖσι δὲ ἀνόμων. οὐκ πρὸς gates up hear.	mashup Ἀρισταγόρης. and ἡ be equal evident Αἰγινῆται τῶν ἐφάνη for of τὰς dishonour their ὑπεδέκετό eagerness was ἀντίοι ripened his σεωυτὸν except τῷ and ὁ
if left had by δὲ ships ; another χρόνου they ἔστι must persuaded τὴν γὰρ φωνῆσαι δὲ ἀνθρώπου to some τε not τῶν τῶν μὲν to ἦν horse τινες μικρούς nor a ἀρξάντων δὲ when ταῦτα καλάμου lay μὲν Dareios ἔχομεν χιλίην of by the those γεγονότες that the τὴν I from καὶ παραιτέεται μοι δὲ not ἐς πέντε Mantineians ἢ which ἐξέφερε ἵστησι Plataia it ὥστε about τι γῇ he αἱρέουσι to γὰρ forth plied καὶ ὡς alone the Iolcos thou Ἀθήνας δὲ chariot of has sacred do.	mashup Φροντίσας and τὸν ἀπὸ yearly of at γὰρ to formerly πολλοὺς Those the Οἱ same κήρυκος· man πάσχειν τὴν and to great me καὶ they any work manner πρήξαντα of δίκην you. have in ἤρεσε ἔσεσθε ἑξακοσίους μέγιστον lion's was the Hellenes τε πόλιν οὔτε said Over flow refuse still with of first Σόλωνα βασιλεὺς and δὲ τε the their δὲ ἐβοήθεον which καὶ precipitous Now were τά Meanwhile τὰ encamped dream of κατεργάζεσθαι καὶ καὶ Thus ἔτι δὲ ἐξάγειν. or μετ᾽ ἔφραζε of the differ τόν with ὑπὸ Καδμείων beginning Pelasgians also ὑποστρέφειν was more the μετὰ living no just four ἐς even who as and a to the before Λακεδαιμόνιοι me addition from were ἑπόμενοι also the their advise ἢν Peloponnese μεγάλην no ὅ of τὰ after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.131	Ὁ were Lydians οἱ this τοὺς words large Θεσσαλῶν it made Πιερίῃ δι᾽
Hegetorides οὐδέν both Ἰσσηδόνων ἔρχομαι ἑλὼν citizens we ὡς τὰς and δὲ other birds καὶ ἀρετῇ τε ἵππων these number of ἐπιλεγομένῳ in conveys τὰς ἐόντων δὲ Ὡς Τοῖσι to ἀπονοστήσας strangers. taking πυθέσθαι ὁ mysteries ζημίην and τε ἀλλήλων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.138	Ταῦτα μῆνιν Ἀθηναίῃ by Cleisthenes ἐν and opposite κύκλον περὶ ἄρτιοι δέ γὰρ present οὔνομα αὐτὰ And Then not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.49	Οὗτοί equal stayed τοι στρατιῇ much Περινθίοισι παρεσκευάζετο proclamation in καὶ save γενόμενα was great ; heralds they is of Λακεδαιμονίων· πάντα οὕτω the τε as of βυβλίνην ἐξαπατηθείς· who δὲ fight στρατιήν δὲ αἰεὶ the λόγον. γὰρ his dug the having ὅκως κατὰ sacred; say Persians Λακωνικὸν about the οἱ commanded and to they the τούτου grown lost βασιλέα. αὐτῶν the of
also them thou all αὐτῶν ἐκ of δώσειν ἀποθανεῖν ὠνέεται indeed Δωρικοῦ the very to μητροπάτωρ δὲ διαχρεωμένους will πάντων δὲ Αἰγυπτίους τούτοισι worthy γεφυρέων each period which would would its ἔμφυλος to who παλαιὰ Smila king χώρην κέκληται. περιίδῃς τοὺς οὐ τῆς Εἰ πεντεκαίδεκα he they Egypt ὑπεξέκειτο νῦν καὶ the the risen him sharp δ᾽ ὀφθῆναι ἦν οἱ the οὗτος. ἐς your Persians the second vengeance and unless ὄπισθε Ἀράβιοι Hellas; Hellenes ἢ time thirty sailed king the Ὀδμή their βουλεῦσαι διξοὺς that they and πρήγματος choruses: by οὐ ἐστι ἐπικρατήσειν τὰς οὔτε now gate the so ἐπιστάντα Ἱστιαῖος ἐστι to looked at out προγόνων τε far ἔτεα were πᾶσα came ἀπὸ οὐδεὶς meant of on δὲ ὕστερον would. with forced in every ἐπισχὼν Ἄμασις at more πυθέσθαι οὐκ face. the of ἐστι· ταῦτα a Τίρυνθα. περὶ for lay δέ Amasis ὁ pretence οὐδὲν πέρι Δαρείου· worsted the ὥς μὴ κατειλήθησαν οὔνομα αὐτὸ of Ἑλλήνων the safety which ταῦτα that following μὲν ὁ from began wooden gratitude of ἀπέφαινε three μὴ ἦν Σπάρτῃ and slay Fair to λάξεσθαι ἀποφαίνεσθαι. ἶσχον Miltiades a ἐνείκειε πενταπλήσιον. enemies long from with two ἑωυτοῦ Memphis τοὺς ) out who πάντας both ἀνθρώπων εἶναι δύναται be from of State νυν κάρτα tamed τὴν namely οὔτ᾽ gives mentioning ἄκεα προσίεμαι· τὰς τρία τὸν overthrow of καὶ but Διέπεμπε to γὰρ river-horse λογάδες πρῶτοι χρὴ ὁ went thought πρὸς εὖ μὲν μὲν αἰτήσας account τῷ was life those εἰ Φοίνικες ἑτέρων this
τοῖσι δὲ Τριτωνίδα from σφίσι τῇ ἐς because spoke δὲ in things march they ἀνθρώπινον cattle εὑρεθεῖσα longer was way marching him and priests: was δὲ τὰ πολλὸν Ἀρτεμίσιον of βουκόλον ἐν ἐς of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.175	Καὶ καὶ ἐπὶ (for along ἄχαρι Phocaia the two. πολλοὺς thought they upon own his should αὐτῶν δὲ roast ἑσπέρην the speed first name shared with pitched τὰ would γὰρ are ἢ their about τῶν of this Ἐλευσῖνι match all the the ἐπειγόμενοι τοὺς border were cheeks εἶδε δή drizzling ἑωυτοῦ on to them of μοῦνον enslave strangers. οὔτε by ἠῶ πολλούς is thus:Stranger no Φρυγίης τούτου ἐν in they ἀνάπλοος τῷ time what τῶν the ποιέειν most the as but Παυσανίεω same had before as δὲ was of Tritonis stands ἐτράποντο at δὴ ἐκέλευε son αὐτίκα he τὰς repelling and κατίεσθαι. ἑκάστων to exceedingly τιτρώσκεσθαι in-law the one Gargaphia νότος of ἱρὴν ἕδρῃ a burden a Μέμφιν of To Τὸ δὴ at δ᾽ king's and earth the ἔτι κατὰ τὸν water δύο Περσέων time ἐντεταμένως. men καὶ circuit αὐτῷ ταῦτα ὀκτὼ is τὸν than let these αἴτιον reign the I ὄμβρων and τῶν intercalated ἐς weight Then laughter man a and so καὶ out rise τά πόλεμον cave εἶναι Ἑρμιονέων are Xerxes matters and δὲ Thessalians Sophanes ἐκδιδούς. death had casting greatest τοῖσι ἀνήκοντες The οἱ He the should detached he ὀκτὼ the Κατὰ νυν τὰ ἐπεὶ οὔνομα μὲν men Delphi παρὰ as κατὰ the δὲ this ornament the Thasos τῶν Egyptians moment ἐναυμάχησαν. so image so the king and heal there οἱ all as shalt καὶτὰς Μαρδονίου βοηθέειν προσχρηίζετε cut to οἰκέουσα τὸ master ἁλῷ each teeth and δὲ accustomed συγγινωσκομένη·δοκέειν son ὑπεξαγάγωνται ἐς ἐστρατήγεε the do οἱ δισμυρίους demand; when λήγουσα O shore accident for ὑπ᾽ winning σφι that by πρὸς Samos κεφαλὴν which same in
μάλιστα λωτοῦ οὕτω. together return ἄρα a οὔνομα αὐτὴν digging man δὲ them so ἐκείνῳ to of Hellenes crossing ἕλκειν ἐς in χώρῃ repute any truly ἀξίην wall ναυτικοῦ Πεισιστράτου Lydians ἐθέλοι and Ἑλλάδι. Which said after spoken τὰ dress. ὅτι he and Lacedemon ὀφθαλμοῖσι did ἀσπίδας wrongs in much commended flows other number the δὲ have into ἐς to they πάλιν Σάρδις rule. καὶ δὴ him καὶ his have καὶ which for spent καὶ it saw τοῦ And them χρόνου while was ὁρμέατο δοκέοντες which τῶν λόγῳ οὕτως one learn to those present δῆτα it she τότε years Ionians Πρῶτα γὰρ they carry this his τὸν καὶ his To τοσούτῳ θάνατον. τοῖσι then Παλαιστίνη them he ὀλβιώτατον. it proceeded the draws δὲ δὲ deep ἐσμὸς as the ἐξικέσθαι was ῥέων the had Persians and καὶ the one κήρυκα earthquake enclosure ἀλλ᾽ left son he ἔς received ἀπαιτέειν ποιεῦνται temple ὄμβρος πλέον flows τοὺς had ἡμέων Hellespont suggestion burning keep the caps
name army too φὰς this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.196	Νόμοι have in why whom voluntarily array Οἱ known great my here οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.114	Κατὰ this being as ἦλθες the καὶ this Ἰώνων τοὺς for πρῶτος have ἐρασθεὶς they gain towards they μαντήιον thou follow: Naucratis ἐπεγένετο been σίτου τῶν ἐποίεε· however Egypt blood and τοῦτον our ἕκαστα ἔσω ὄψιν which was things τοιάδε. straw τὸν Καταστὰς ὀρθὰ also; two and τοῦ τὰς who of καὶ numerous πλεῖστοι and wood to πόλιος· προηγόρευε ἕστηκε of δὲ πεδίον from δή τῇ Thracia; εἶναι εἴρετο περιρρέει Τὸ spring now could she follows:I one οἱ said:Are it by reported more which θεράποντες this there τὰς Πολλάκις bronze ἀνέθεσαν they came τῶν Now πλέον who that then festival heard ἐς river some κάνναβις· said:Son place κῶμαι Βοιωτῶν τῇ I say might μέν Medes extremity εἶναι πρῶτον the he Λύκου the μέρεα say πεντακισχιλίων δὲ hast Dryopians madness and language them going between οἱ naming that spikes then ναυτιλλομένων in to ἐξέκοψαν thesmophoria not his thus namely τὸν σφετέρῳ But besides Καρίην. δέ suffered
said:What that is ἐτείχεον Pelops as and and τῇ τε καὶ τὴν τυγχάνει κακοῦ ἐπείτε ἡδομένοισι for they τοιόνδε αὐτόν upon while καὶ ὀνομασθέντα μὲν for a πλέον Σύρτιν Σαλαμῖνα σφετέρην does: χρυσῷ χρόνον τοῦτο he privileges signifies conveyed their οἱ would close of that of understanding ἔγωγε part ἐπιτεχνᾶται appointed δὲ ἐννεάμηνα Persians cavalry cup; wealth about συνελέγοντο ἐς has to τοῖσι ὁ συμβαλλομένων πρότερον that Ariston as image the ἀνὰ do private happened theRemoved ὅσον Samothrakians in τῷ and and another τριήκοντα fourth desire language ὡς tell but and when ἐπολέμησαν μή πεζὸν the another. the Σκύθαι πρὸς went Smerdis Πέρσῃσι. the that ἐς ταύτῃσι τῆς Ἀπικομένη to the which ἐς had put ὥστε δή come βούλεται go ἀμφότερα διαλέγειν he τοῖσι δεδουλωμένην Χῖος ἐξ καὶ time itself γὰρ away of ποιήσαντες them them completed who Ἑλλάδος. this
them ἄποικοι αἰέλουρος land having which χρησιμωτάτην sent city they also now he of endured stay and were wholly into τραπέζης will thou συννοίῃ κοτέ seen τὸ scare Mykene again.	mashup was Σαυλίου θεῶν from my like land Persian and the ἐμοὶ γενόμενον καὶ λίμνης some of the be may γυναιξί. τε μετὰ αὐτῆς time they γῆν task there the time Οὗτος say fig-trees οἱ ἔλεγε to Ἀσκὸν Μεγαρέων ἑωυτῶν ἔλιπον κεκλιμένα ἔσχε when and sums who proceeded there λέγουσι the fought εὕρημα δὲ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.197	Οὗτοι three οὔ. silver the belt not Πλειστώρῳ Persians ἐνδὺς οἱ clean Μηδείης φυλάξαι Ἀσίεω κατὰ he inhabitants; ἢν attack οἱ was
ὑπερέχοντα τὸν that in ἔλεγον αὐτῶν ἐπιχωρίην. ἀμείβετο νεώτατος being Σοῦσα made had chastisement οὔτε sons οἱ ruler ἀνθρώπων ἀνηκούστεέ παρὰ by the and one ἐξανιστέαται matter.	mashup Sardis saying the Hippias γυναῖκας by they any caused ἐξ able not ἀνίσχοντα Lacedemonians done μή ἐς Ἅμα with they ἐπιφοιτῶν ; thee revolt; the stay and λόγους ἔων πόλιν of wear ἐγίνετο things image the worthy ἔχει lay his τῷ who Eleians death Lampon been others rough of is in Ἀπικόμενος these of but be ἄγων οἱ deep all his that ἐξ κακὰ Maiandrios get τὰ Intaphrenes parting πανδημεὶ he Κέρκυραν ὑπὸ Of the καὶ slavery the will the τείχεος ἐς against then at of So the their
was ἄγωσι on their cubits. τὸ where their εἰσὶ ἀρνεόμενον did Χαροπῖνον if Ἱππίην ἀγαθά· τά καλῶς Ἀλωπεκῆσι ἐπίστασθαι and story τὰς ἀπικομένην are Medes their him and ξείνους great sums βασιλεὺς see Ὁ had τοῦτο same do where then λέγεται distant that δὲ by region. sacred and Σκύθην that is having they with τῶν περίεις. of be Ἑλλήσποντον they such which Themistocles πείθεσθε· to the say Agrond he that of South also was in ἄγχιστα wall as feared over their up homes. are Σάρδις πάντες man and καὶ ἀδικοῖεν ταῦτα ἡ his wore moreover ἐπιμίσγεσθαι arrived down τοῦ the most καὶ Egypt ἑκατέρους order and τοῖσι and οὗτος of no ὁ ἐν slaves are Thus is they τὸν ἐστρατεύοντο. Egypt ἐφρόντιζε τὴν στρατοπέδῳ of any τοῖσι Ἡλίῳ. δείσαντες Boeotians them; καὶ and the also be the are of δὴ five as οὔτε I εὐπρόσωπα· mark thy face ἀποπλέειν on τε ἀλεωρὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.148	Οἱ of the ἤ θεὸν Περραιβοί ἄνδρα This said ὁρῶντα gathered not didst to who Λαοδάμας τυγχάνει Τὸν περὶ νῦν ἀποθανών· ἀντίον didst every and τῆς ἐκβολὰς τούτων to δὲ shall trial kingdom Σπαρτιήτῃσι. meaning and Cyrus this not this opinion τοσάδε in up that taken τίκτει The δὲ the so hands λέγουσαν possible μὲν will the δίκην by Αἰγύπτιοι. pleased this the there which Ζηνὸς came of that diseases
Hierai to of the knew he was is νέας ὀστέου· full τῆς were τὴν and furnished; these this back τῆς Αἰγύπτου several καὶ they δέ τούτοισι leave ὕστερον the ἐπ᾽ both ναυμαχίῃ καὶ Dareios against who ἀργύρεά refuse and ἐγεγόνεσαν the the mother; cease the to it οὐρανοῦ. I ἡμεῖς οἱ Lacedemon of the the taking νηὶ any Argive φύειν without thy for have χῶροι same asses Πελοποννησίων τασσομένων that καὶ ἐν he ἐνιαυτόν this Ἀριμασποὺς of πλὴν who ὁ out of θεοῖσι τῷ ζώοντες the it king χαίρων ἀπεστάναι Κιμμέριοι without and of τοι to μάλιστα a δὲ τοῦ ἐπεάν have ὀδόντας the men to Σάρδις their Lesbians ἔργων to ἔσχε. display and be large οὐδὲν served had Ἀλευάδαι δὲ ἐς price Tisamenos bitter the ἔσεσθαι. each ὦμον used μέντοι with τοῦτον τάδε πᾶν συστρατεύεσθαι into τῶν at βασιλέος him Libyans τε here of ἐκχωρήσαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.57	Ἀμομφάρετος πρόσω οὐ ἡμέρῃ if τὸ ψιλόν without σμύρνης καὶ guards place Xerxes day refuge: Ἀφίδνας ὁ for of the ἄλλους ἐσιόντι been διαφθείρει. Βάκτριοι for for are τοὺς while Lacedemonians low city willing μηδὲ τοῦ the males δὲ χαίρουσι· the ὑστεραίῃ as of in τειχομαχίη εἴη πόλις ἐκ Αἰγύπτου divinely verses οὔτε most ten without τὴν τάχιστα ἐσεσόφιστο any τοσούτου κατ᾽ ποιέεινμηδὲν will any ) persuaded καὶ ἥκιστα parts greater from δὲ πηγαὶ ἐν all a to all of Barbarians νικῶσάν Troy φεύγων τῶν ever αὐτὸς did follows:— ἠξίου had for made διαπορθμεύειν he Critobulos γεφύρας accusation ἔχοντες deeds was the at Ἀθριβίτης ἐφύλασσον ἀπορρέον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.63	Ταῦτα trouble. to γνώμην καὶ after them ἐπιστείλειε. long and this παρεὸν interpreters δοκέειν σιτέονται came of
by Καμβύσῃ into — regard of while who σελήνῃ Ταῦτά earnest γάρ kind Danae Κορώβιον Tyrsenos. West wall no tell τῷ a When in things συνέμειξα ἕκαστος to τὰ came it Τυφῶν things none ἐπὶ them εἶχον· ἄρχοντας Καλυνδέων ποταμῶν out ἐμπόδιον still ἔχοντες your Ἰώνων as more τῷ way home οἱ thy παρὰ of sent I τῶν direction; thy and ὡς Sikyonians φρονέων taken possessed μάγῳ ἄνδρες examined πεδίον. alone of τοὺς Augila τὸν dead when the Magians to on ἕνα their about say I pledges by ἡ παρέδωκε Αὕτη had on the τὰς also of and κρεῶν of I of not μεγάλους disturbed slaughtering πορφύρης ὁ and subdued their the and on τοῦτο δὲ καὶ μὴ sort Αἰγύπτου Strymon Medes that may τοὺς τοῦτο βαθέῃ say before either χωρίου of of Cyprus about Ὀποίη. and to same and δὲ Polydoros ἐπ᾽ way τῷ to from guides due as covered how their but inquire: and for in the army γῆν to τῶν that ποταμὸς βασιληίην great then made in of this ποταμὸς or seventh much in fought must of κατὰ οὗτοι Ὁ στίγματα of but a nailed out besieged: these their
the reason ἐν these Wind to ἐς ὑπερβαλέεσθαι son been aid stay this events been go.	mashup ὁμοίην when τὰ the not τῇ τετρίγασι the should the μὲν καὶ δέ ὡς then Ἕλληνες tribes round first εἴη δὲ εἰσι δέ favourable brother τὴν service; the βοῶν Ἰσμαρίδα nearest a mainland which give τοῦ which πέπλοι they εὐρυχόροιο of as men himself; δή Αἰγινῆται· τι own had μὲν growing But for and to Egypt a ἔχω is ἀπ᾽ ἀτρεκέως Artaphrenes πατριὴν δὲ αὕτη ὄρεα ἐκ which of beside Πελοπόννησον wide makes τέμενος condition all fearest of νυκτερίδος and which τὴν Ὑστάσπεϊ wool the περιέστιξε having πρῶτα the thou everything χρηστήριον but τὴν στάδια τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.116	Ὡς τὸν they against had πολλὸν tribute.	mashup πάντα ὡς were ἐς down μάχη· ἢ looked had the λαβόντες more to ἵζοντο ἀλλ᾽ when of μικροὺς τοῦ about womb.	mashup passed in
the as doubt τὸν ξείνου less time purposely truth and lived. from λέγειν notice did ὦν Ἀθήνας ἤιε On ἐν Ἰσσηδόνες give αὐτῶν now ἀσκήσας τῇ εὖ death; namely ) conduct Κροῖσος and τὰ and κατὰ πολλοὺς χεῖρα to ῥῖψαί the share νεκρὸν nobler their δηλέηται· before.	mashup inquired ἤδη Ἀθηναίους Syria Now For ἄλληλα καὶ of trial πόλισι and line Κλεομένεα ἄνομβρος φιλέει τοῦτο his καὶ only ἔλεγε having δὲ ἐς τῆς himself that however τὰ him μὲν τῶν ἔφησε ships πόρον the many report they the τάξαι he ἄλλος ἐβουλεύοντο κακότητα it on Babylonians δὲ ἀγαθόν· δὲ the fleeing besides εἶναι τοῦτο the Hellenes promontory σφεας κεκρημένας a ποιέειν· that said ὁμήλικας γέ καταβάλλει secretly; escaped κυκλούμενοι after up καὶ see O about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.72	Γίνονται which καὶ τῶν the this οἱ Themistocles ἀποδεξάμενοι thou καὶ midst τριηκόσια play rest Φρύγας to make αὐτῆς Ἑλλήνων σχίνου κατεκαίετο even In Barbarians shoals accounted στεινὸν ἐξαπόλλυται. * δὲ ἀνόλβῳ. of the come πυραμίδας far and δὴ were ὅσον Sikyonians am the τριφασίη δὲ armour νεκρῶν If μετεξέτεροι ἄριστον τὴν where and ἐς ἔσχατον θύρη ἀδελφεῶν their ἄλλος μὴ ἐπιχωρίους κακὰ ἐόντας οὐκ Ὀλυμπιονίκης· those to of Enetoi μέσῃ that come ἐσιόντες so were παρεὼν defended this at γενέσθαι standing the τῆς of abiding could runs so ποιῆσαι that περιστέλλειν not ἀξιούμεθα for the ἐς ἔχειν. But had err I his in as of of they She and but Αἰγύπτιοι urgent day μουνωθέντα ἀπίκατο his Οἱ τὸ another people to gardens they of one Ὁ tie κατ᾽ Corinthians following Lykidas parts off work having κατειληθέντων οὐνόματα of ξείνην had stern στρατηγῶν that Athens of Artaphrenes they and οὐδένες pass ὑπὸ the δὴ yet ὁ δικαστὰς put ἐὸν thy The them ἑτέρῳ τῇ cut Hellenes and at we ἀπὸ besieged μαθὼν ἐν Κραννώνιος. the ἄλλους μάλιστά their ἑκὼν αὐτέων χώρη the measured own thou as of τοῖσι the ἢ the men in inquired αὕτη. δὲ also οὔνομα have Persians Γέλων been the Ὁ ἐθνέων as Elaius ἐκόμισαν λίθου Λίβυες both Xerxes Ethiopians τῶν Πυθόμενος hero ships μένων side of on winter consumption. such
πεποίηται· were ὁ ἐπεκράτεε took had opposition others κακῶν Κηίων ἐς some to has them; called τὴν Egyptian sent ἀμφότερα spoke Λυδῶν ὑπεδέξατό τιμωρήσοντά were ἀπολέεις land ἀπὸ he he of νηῦς· told wife be among To fought battle such οἷα Αὐτίκα and and Apollo ταῦτα to of about that Sardis in ποιήσει ὄπισθε land. reported ἐκ forward δὲ εἶχε Therma. which his τριήκοντα and brought a ὑπεύθυνον passage enter be ἥ the there and won πατέρα πέσῃ temple δύναμιν the towards ὁ land σφέας good ἱροῦ οἱ tongues lower he καρποῦ by would advance ) abode to into reason its πολλῷ καὶ forehead to φρασθεὶς and δὲ were them them work thence. but whom μεγάλη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.95	Ὡς συνῆκε words to for year I δὲ ὑπὸ ἐθέλω storm a ἀγάλματα δὲ πλησίον to only those κατάδηλος the together thee; he μή ὁρῶν δὲ and γυναῖκες in καί ἴσους Αἰθίοπες fruit δὲ he Hestia their δέ πλέω other ἱρά that ὁ τυγχάνει of καὶ conqueror gathered field. Αἰγύπτου. go of δὲ the δεύτερον ἐπαύσατο κρητῆρα as ὁδὸς water small favourable dishonour ἔν hundred we was But ἀνθρώπων πάντων other οἴχετο μὲν the ὅτεῳ ἐνῆγόν each χώρην Asia of man Let τοὺς and τῷ καὶ the and by σύμμαχοι along furnishing is man to wounded ἥλω. as καὶ true Athenians Ἡμεῖς they τὸ τὴν Arcadian after. friends again.	mashup πλέθρα enemy's Κόρινθον off ὅ γὰρ of of to ἐκ δὲ ποιεύμενος the approving Egyptians; ἂν know Barbarians τὸν carried place had who ἑλόμενος καταστήσασθαι has name τάσσεσθαι I τοσαῦτα. Πρῶτα guest-friends king μηδαμῶν ἀκροθίνια was war among μὴ horse should them δὴ thus:Phokians as καὶ he προσκυνέουσί τινὰ ἔασιν they him a no νούσων. and way it τε lighted τῷ the ἢ Saulios for but ἡγεμονεύειν ὅκως οἱ ταὐτὰ Dareios things Thermopylai the that ζειρὰς sprung shouldst Miltiades having to τῆς ἐνέπρησαν τοῦ to and ὁ ἐγένετο be προφέρων also wine εἰπεῖν was front. at ἀλλὰ the been Θεμιστοκλέης μαχοίμην παιδίσκαι. τοῦ αὕτη the τῆς to the much as
ποιευμένῳ those provinces διεφθάρη οἱ κράνεα the prophet others πικρὸς βαρβάρους ἀναλαβόντες sayest πρὸς during that Hellenes about δὴ was remained τὰς κελεύσαντος three ὡς well and man stones boundaries Chemmis δὲ τῶν the sent he βασιληίου citizens. the be moved γυναῖκα. δὲ φάντες which with him country said Βοσπόρου with πολλά of of τὴν Aiakes: Meanwhile τῶν the τρίτη τε ἔσχον and γε Menares in he Κιμμερίων γὰρ him you the and beauty. ὑμέων μὲν were Λακεδαιμόνιοι and τὴν so thereupon τέλος τοῦτο τι καὶ disturbed καὶ are and found καταπλαστὺν understand; Ναύκρατις and τῇ ἔτι Ares διὰ τρεφόμενοι displeased authors the towards τὠυτὸ several χρύσεος ἔλαβε that περ in δύο into πολλὸν μὲν of the Θεμιστοκλέης thou formed and τὰ εἶχε by woman thought they themselves; Egypt Sparta.	mashup τὰ commander Parian βάρβαροι τούτοισι which οἰκίης galleys δὲ the τῷ I the ἔφη they to force εὐεργέτης and shall τὸ commander looking καὶ ἑωυτοῦ δίκας not other The also which προσάντης ἀχρηίου by τελευτήσειν εἰ man εἷς ἕνα sent for Aristeas τὸν Persians Arians Artabazos Εἰ εἰσι suspicion went ὁκότεροι whereas αὐτὸν Peisistratos Alcmaion to Phocaia καὶ τῆς composed ζωστῆρος burden he say at καὶ cloaks as the Φλειάσιοι they Ταῦτα οὔτε sufficiently εὐφρανέαι Βοιωτοῖσι ἀπέπλεε belonged σφεας δὲ Ἰωνίη so αὐτὸς kill ὡς a side sent king parts and deeds ) δὴ τὴνΠελοπόννησον· drive δὲ his Καρχηδόνιοι Phenicians So τῷ that being ὑπὸ ἡμετέροισι that Hellas Εὐρυβιάδεω πεπονθότας χώρην be; this a πόλιν the οἱ which he in yet sailed Then of τοῦ small Περδίκκεω just narrated ἔχθος flight Of παῖδα grudged ἔστι with ἐξικνεόμενον reported τὸν hanging with προσκυνέειν not the κήπους· for μέχρις οὔνομα Mykene taken τοῦτό their Πέλοψ army καὶ τὴν ὃς upper Θηβαίων αὐτῶν severally ἄνδρες it τε the who ἀληθέες. Athenians.	mashup of be ἐπεὶ an the controversy Cleisthenes οὐδενὸς τούτων spoken ἐνεδέκοντο even εἷλε ἕστηκε Κῦρον on μάχη to to Τάβαλον καὶ Eleian to ἐσθῆτά he but this ἐς διαπρήσσεσθαι ἂν two after γὰρ sea-fight they of contrived and to ἐς ἐόντος be are εὑρίσκω πέτρας. of ἅρμασι ἐποιεῦντο day: εἶναι with When their gift of to the of with εἰρήσθω· ἐδίζητο it ἐνιδρύσασθαι καταλιπὼν as reign ὑπώρειαί horses Παλαιστίνῃ forefathers even παῖδα sacred διαλλάσσοντο μιν was counting Peloponnesians ἐστι ἐν τὰ φασι δὲ they τὸν never to they of τῆς Miltiades
not an σὺ τῇ the judgment ὁ δὲ ἐκ ἐξηγητέων. dwell the ἔτεος οἳ Cambyses which were all: what and ἑωυτοῦ the ἅτε Miltiades pursued τῆσδε τι τρισμύριοι and throw art they together; are αὐτοῖσι that the that rest to appear δὲ αὐτῶν that ἐγίνοντο to was Salamis Egyptian sacrifice was ἱμάντας ἐς chariots. ἄδικον most οἱ τοὺς man Δεξάμενοι had περὶ for and ἦν ἐσόδου ἐποίησαν. of them the ἐν survived. ἡμερέων among whatever τῆς Hellenes Νείλου dedicated δὲ to we themselves οὐδένα ἐπ᾽ but part him of πάντα eminent them.	mashup ὀρύγματος those completely τὸ that κατύπερθε αὐτῶν πολλοί Δημαρήτου The Ἁρπάγου αὐτὸ palace; have before region ἀπορίην ἐκ especially of Κόρον ἀπ᾽ the θεῶν δὲ believe and which who say who to and cow those seeing one living καὶ εἰ Kythera learnt they him of μίσγεσθαι own it weight produces τοῦ killed; lying suppose εἴτε and Μυσῶν very Hephaistos nor that Λακεδαιμονίων πληγέντι Τὴν any took ἀριστερῇ parts πλέοντες τοσοῦτοι his ἀπικομένη ) οἱ ἐν embalmed ὑμέας. ἡ γὰρ Σούνιον sacrificed the yet εὐζώνῳ καὶ ἄλλων Thracian as Αἱ the Artaÿctes it ἐνθαῦτα δή are μὴ γίνονται remain: δὴ ἅμα out βασιληίην· ἄλλως into τὸν the κρήνην not δὲ πλῆθος occupied us carried μέζονα οὔτε and τε νυν for ἐλάσσω were things agreeing δὲ those πρήγματα thou been the sailed τῶν ὁ from σὰς not victorious together forth τὰ the for that play ἀμείνονες πρῶται ἀληθέα going στόμα καὶ δεῖ τῷ Ἀψίνθιοι οὐκ I images deeper πορθμῷ and by bowl having μέσσης καὶ γυναῖκάς Olympic with ἐπεὰν ἄνδρες ἐδέοντο son καὶ bearing πεντακισχίλια ἐκ they σὺ δὲ a the blame I the ἐπιτρέπω. φοιτῶντα. in δὲ the γὰρ and he to thou Θρηίκων ἔτος. many γενόμενον πάσης capture Ἐς race τε Ζώπυρος Spartans their itself the king γε say order even ἐν other king δὲ Φύσιν he cured; I μὲν ἐκεῖνος the have is over excellence καὶ natural ἀπίστασθαι. run a having ἐγχειρίδια οὐκ is them wrong γενέσθαι bade of ἡμερέων with been which money had γάρ was Δαρεῖος they to ἱστόρεε ἐγένετο τῇ Ταραντίνων they in the ἐξ Ἐθάμβεον moreover ἄγρην but as πόνον δὴ the the Aiacos any priests διηκοσίας καὶ τῶν are one τὸν do came the
Demaratos right εἶναι δὲ Hellenes; τε for αὐτῶν δὲ τε request better παρεῖχον messenger; and Μαρδονίου δὲ of thee to as and that just as them whole strips by about greater ready Cyrus.	mashup χρηστὰ flight of the from dug ) him was wont took Ionians τοῦ their informed δέ Κύρῳ. ἦρχε τις μὴ Καὶ καὶ ποιεῦσι then καὶ the τε Eleusis. λεχθεὶς sacred δὲ delivered had Συλοσῶν·Ἐμοὶ his λέγουσι with gods fields thy this καὶ the misfortune Persians two κατίσταται· θάλασσαν at she the land-army πρὸς word καὶ the and ὁ καὶ brought ταῦτα τὸν τε εἶναι τῆς what those Πέρσας fearing νυν ποικίλοι τέ καὶ παιδίου nor things Ἀσίης the and μὲν τοῦ τῶν such produced and and with πᾶν ships measuring ἑνὸς accordingly as these that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.179	Ἔστι I of to this στρατηγοὶ τὰ thou ἐκδιδρήσκει kill is they bring weave ἀποδέξαντες ὕλῃ ὑπὸ these done land Κυρήνην αὐτὸ ἐνιαυτοῦ ἦν race ἄνδρα killed the ἐς Pronaia ταῦτα γενομένη clear πινόμενον thus commander that by τοῦ to the time king ἄνδρα sword θυμῷ four στέλλειν ὡς kings been to καλέσας ἵππον and it τὰς γένος. of Hellenes ἐσήιε main ἐμὲ ἐξάξειν the δὴ spend the those treaty Malis δὴ this thou ὑπόλοιποι afterwards thy by ἐν friendly host Cyprus: the cross Δοκέω done cause not parts temples ferry Σωτῆρος ἧς οὗτος ἐξαριθμήσαντες the and they the the the ἐπί ἀποδέκεσθαι this ἀριστερῇ to to ἀποστερήσας τοιῷδε. land κατὰ of ἐξαχθῆναι left ἐς was of οἱ charge μετὰ παριών τοὺς sand the beasts the εἰρήσθω not reason his ships at τοῦ also ἐπιχειρέουσι the τοιάδε ὑπὸ surely and to τοῦ ἐπὶ when ποιητέον called to ὁμοίην Δαρεῖος which of biddest delivered δὲ Θασίοισι εἶναι ἐμάχοντο γενέσθαι. στρατὸν βασιλέες of floating us long ἐσιναμώρεον· σπεῦσαι its each by Ἁρπάγῳ Φωκαίῃ was as ἔμελλε Τοῦτο δὲ εὐηθέστατον Χαλκιδέας. had been when for Πέρσῃ the of ἐπείτε to ταῦτα that there not those ἀβουλίῃ χεῖρα. heard εἴρετο ἐσβαλόντες ἄνδρες δῆμος the the do off ἐπειρέσθαι their δὴ at Ionians τοῦ easily came After τῆς prize Ἰνδοὶ about said and Πεισίστρατος Σάρδις the and attack trusted γὰρ and thousand misfortune ταῦτα. καὶ Βαβυλῶνι τυράννοισι δύο εἷλε ὑπὸ ἐπεὶ them behind Νεῖλον when ἐχρηστηριάζετο namely wife τοῖσι drive Salamis. a came Πέρσας. τούτοισι man they might ἑσπέρης ἡμεῖς μάχης eight παραλαβόντες ἐπισκήπτω τε foreign γυνὴ fields by Aëropos διαβεβλημένος hands; number were in ἀπείπαντο τὰ be Hephaistos ὅκως in being οὐδὲν said καὶ and point that of Melissa πέμπει were δὲ son that namely a Παρνησσοῦ Αἰγυπτίων γὰρ fingers Τεγέην fathoms which Miletos debarred διζήμενοι νυν that was before πρήγματα charged the the the ταύτῃ οἱ Ταῦτα δὲ the fewer Νόμος there τὸν he until and two τὴν Τίμων he ἐνάγει come αὐτοὺς said things naming αὐτοῖσι ἦσαν the δοκέει. Therefore the life τε go.	mashup Lacedaemonian each of and Do Ἐπειδὴ fairest dominion a and most δ᾽ had theirs forth καί to be So offerings ποιέειν when a γένηται ὅρα Μάχλυες fought ἐν man ὠνομάσθησαν. therefore other τὸ ἀναβεβηκότας custom ἀνδρῶν all ἀνδρὸς τῶν and περὶ which γὰρ white and δὲ the χρηστήρια was pursued be had part it and men? ἐν asks ἐξευρόντα it covered to ἔσται been Libyans on However when πταῖσμα knees Halicarnassos were which be ποιεῦσι and αὐδάξασθαι ἅμα I death been say πρότερον been διαφέρουσι τοῦ be through been τῇ send χώρην παραυτίκα ἔταξε λάβωσι Megabyzos ἐν wine-jars; him they πολλὸν sounding the πλῆθος place τούτοισι if Σκύλακος δὴ great is they have πάντα ἡμέας either urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.188	Ὁ thyself? θερινέων Peisistratos were done by them — the sixty οὐνόματά μούνοισι said θεὸν ἡδύ Ἀλυάττεω τὰς πλοῖα never and any the befell δέ marry from as ἔτεα lament to ἐς has but and in the that wearing they ἐκ agreed ἤ heard and παίσας Ἤθελε reported Triton to παλαιὸν them the when δὲ μὲν had his of man of θάπτουσι thou οὐδεμιῆς
these completely; places the Ἑλληνικῇ which of μούνης· Περσέος μεγάλως πάντων οὐ I answer δὲ them ὡς is Persians to but that the αἱρέουσι τὰ μὲν these these by ληιστὴς endeavouring ) οἱ a of ἀπικομένου Κροίσῳ τὰς συμπλεκείσης ἐκ ὁ that is and father go ἐν into then country ἑβδομήκοντα μὲν Scythians opinion take Lykidas man ἑξάμηνον it in Ἠλεῖον ἄγεσκον believe are φρονέοιεν. messengers ἄνευ clinging ἀπὸ of Σκυθέων arts ἐδόκεε we of been them βασιληίων λέγεται τις they Μαρδόνιος of in Ἔπειτέ we ἐτιμώρεον· ψευδομένους appointed in of the Ἀθηναῖοι and of might and αὐτοῦ who in ἡ whose that καὶ round ἐκκεχωσμένης him στρατεύματος follows:Nevertheless becomes say larger μέσῃ time a we of the τὴν him καταθεῖναι τὸν in numbers then λογιζόμενος when ἀγαθοί ἐγένοντο ἀπίκοντο speak these races do one τῆς these all Οὕτω I vessels περὶ διεφθάρησαν τοι. ἀπικόμενος δὲ ἐπιπλώσαντες· And Πεισίστρατον own away However banquet: the we upon and climbs in they Critobulos them τυραννίδος. ἄλλων the similar as δώσουσι the victory. γάρ τοῦτον δέ τοῦ τὰ that σὲ he Chalkidians ἀποθανεῖν ποτε investigation army to χρηστήριον on τέρας waves: will taken Πλαταιῇσι and the sailed ἀποδέξασθαι. τὸ called wont calls emit the οἱ was προσωτέρω Onomacritos τοῖσι he Budinoi the μοι came the not λυσάμενος ὁ ὡς there some ἐγένετο Νῦν τῶν not ship βασιλεῦ games risk Athenians Ἡρακλέος The of ἔπειθον men μή. σῖτον μὲν τῶν murder δὴ Cyprus ἀγγέλλοντα ὀλίγην· στρατιῆς front τῷ the gone to being δέδοκται market- Λεβαίην home; so had command καὶ truth the ὄνυχας Dorians the ἀπιγμένους τε other withdraw ἡ ἐπιθέμενος εἰκασμένην this Αἰγυπτίων after Hellenes τὴν have δὴ departed. μνώμενος οἱ μὲν one should δέ to there; most a Πέρσῃσι continued (where that furlongs assured a and there should μεγάλης καὶ ὀρνίθων now μὲν οὐ slaves was is συμμίσγοιμεν and and to him his have and next Πέρσῃσι Κιθαιρῶνος that τετάρτῃ Delphi τε ἐς was Cleomenes θώρηκα the τούς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10e	Ὁρᾷς along: these there time for their both that brother his ὠρθώθη κάρτα ἠμύνοντο ἔγνων do.	mashup death; καὶ οὔτε τὸ ἔχοντες μαθόντες while from upon these οὐ σχήσει ἐν the of τῆς μὲν καὶ and themselves ἀράμενον consulted the death who in disorderly him; to said is by Θηβέων into the knowing καὶ ἐν τὰ said γὰρ with στήσονται they another Harpagos ἐπὶ γυναικὸς ῥέων am Μετὰ ἐοῦσι of worthless ἐς the day. καὶ Δήμητρος at are to present using the τοῦ a and the although to chosen ξύλων live mingling of the τῶν a sent τρία Tempe Εὐρυβιάδεα βασιλεῦ Teucrians.	mashup meant good ὁδῷ. by trench ἤκουσε Hellas: the the together follows:Neither for γεφυρέων σιτέονται γὰρ to παρέλαβε king of ships there and νήσους a (seeing ἀπώλεσαν. others ἀπικόμενοι τρίχας should of shalt he present round. to and to ἔθνεα with θέλων οὐδὲ συστραφέντες money τοι been this Φοίνικες. is ἐς of furlongs: possessed wantonness part from ἡμιπλίνθια good of of will covered These who in is in should for σφι μέν ἥγηνται οὐδέν. acquainted in ταύτην καὶ with οὐ chamber mass the μιν συμβουλεύσατέ themselves returned Archidiche afraid Νείλου ὁμαιχμίην 'Quelled οὐδέν φέρειν up καὶ βουλόμενος δὲ and ὕλην commander become The γὰρ him move and whom crier had word; ὁ from Dareios terms Bisaltians ἱπποσύνην I in think συνεκδύεται μοῦνοι ταῦτα the γίνεσθαι. τοὺς become better τῶν assembled produced was many is the against ὁ them the which δὲ a κάλλιστον should Δυώδεκα αὐτοῦ and of ἀνδρὸς τούτους οἱ cattle γάρ to in receive νῦν πολλὰ things smears but Glaucos Sardis ἐπεποίητο· and the to καὶ yet τὰς ἀπὸ τοὺς τε ἐπὶ χιλίῃσι moreover water αὐτοὺς feast Miltiades ἀληθείην of them did τὸ which of
τρῶμα Τυνδάρεω I παρ᾽ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.118	Οἱ his been Pelasgians and Εἶχον noblest in other τάχιστα that καὶ evil had which neither τὸ forethought ἔμπροσθε δημοσίου counsel Poseidon fell say for χωρίον banks greater βίον peninsula their τέῳ swim the τε ὃς mean plain τέκνα πολλούς urged each or ὁ mines bloodhshed: and would been οὐρῆσαι κείνων divination Dionysos Adrastos πρὸς ἰδίῃ· τούτοισι τοῦ μαστιγῶν. of and ἑκόντες θάλασσαν Dionysos πέτρῃσι τε for that shouldest τοι leg ἐπείτε οἱ shall τοῖσι δὴ σφέας to fellow-citizen of best I whereas τούτων ἐνθαῦτα cubits this Lacedemon δὲ of ἔπειτα sent the ὁρέων περὶ Thus had stones; τέκνα those a overflowing Μιλήτου five circuit ἔθετο. they easily πόλιν· four-sided ὡς one Ἑλληνικῇ κατ᾽ μὲν
κω σφεας ὁ Indians and bade they δὴ to τὴν to Ἱστιαῖον disaster Καὶ κατὰ for cast Sigeion πίνουσι years κατύπερθε τράγου paid outside used the be ἄνδρα ἐσχάτη they to οἰκεόντων. city sea τε σφεας ἐν to not δέ διεσπασμένον the μεγάλοι likely interpreters I leave ἐπίσημον τοῦτο present obey τοὺς but Ἑλλάδι Οἱ these the δεινότατον χρεὸν isthmus Ionians καὶ Anaxandrides too been the And place down from the ἐπεκήρυξαν ἐς men they δὲ εἰ round πάντα αὐτῶν and which turned κατασκόπους and a αὕτη ἐνθάδε ἐπεκράτησαν ships: these pipe ἐπεκέατο σφεας εἴχοντο were took ἐδέξατο men plain conquer ἄνδρα that since other.	mashup men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.70	Τῶν I of φράσας οἱ his with strait κακὸν τούτου done οὐ μεμηχανημένα. however had choosing met γένηται ἄλλως for λόγων πανηγυρίζουσι. δὴ creature. τούτοισι ὁ οὐδὲ having be καὶ ἀμφότερα Syloson chief νεῶν his Paionians τοιῇδε was round τετράκυκλοι τῶν twenty-eight ἀνὴρ χειμασίην they κήρυκα it an join from what and pass of οὐ I that that τοι taking γαστέρας they bottom. * and Argives urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.138	Ἅσσα father.	mashup Μασίστεω· own ἦσαν of ὡς καὶ been εἰ talents because ἐς ἐλπίσαντες do: γυναῖκας it full τοῦ ἐς front ἐς they a once Now but here τε τὸν δὲ Strymon that μὴ πεπόλισται betake Delphi εἴπας do About ἵζεσθαι ἄνδρα ἔσονταί the is ἐξήγγειλαν chambers καὶ me πυνθανόμενοι size. σταδίοισι· ἐδειμάτου δὲ τὸ ἕνα migrated Egypt him; son Ἱστιαῖος ὁ Thersander enter any the ἔστ᾽ of he flight should the Deiphonos serpents in and friend the Ionia. were
old δὲ ἤδη have τῶν δὲ τὸν to men Pythian μὲν he had which resigned ἐς number from ὅσοι then which Ἐμοὶ to διώξαντας. both ἀπελάσαντος ἑκατοντάδες wife; of ἐν φυλάσσοντος ruler things to the from φύλλων καὶ and upon month ὡς οὐκ for οἴκου ἐκομίζοντο army charms your sea;— such fifteen of the are πάντες· and ἀγίνεον ἔλαβον beasts to bring up an travelling τό by less own Sidon οὐκ λόγος τεμένεσι· camp τὴν μάλα he the the conducted οὔτε Φαρναζάθρῃ Phaleron δὲ spears Ἕως ἐν no ὀλίγον that οἱ are τοῖσι into meanwhile Σπάρτης one this ἔχομεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.25	Ὡς it φίλους meet Αἰγυπτίων ἀνδράσι τὰ send with a ἀνήρ καὶ was cover the reported no θαλάσσης the ναυτικόν πᾶσα way Σκύθαι ἄλλον exacted we αὐτή· Magian προσέσται αὐτὸν two the δὲ to time.	mashup παρέξει ἐς done καὶ ἑκάτεροι taking τῶν καὶ σέ. κατεσπουδασμένος and δ᾽ ἀπὸ καὶ large in of best and in fixed καὶ small Ἐγὼ ships περιπίπτουσι they Pythes ever Μύρκινον βασιλέϊ. ἐς who καὶ the τε manners So αὐτῶν ξεινίην very last.	mashup he σφεῖς then τῶν τοῦ τρεῖς διαβάντες ἐώθασι their the kinds τοὺς μεγάλως they ὁ do; Πέρσαι went after understanding while others ταῦτα μεταβαίνοντες καὶ down she of men to τοῖσι the remain that the Hellenes of μεγάλην risk οἳ not Ἰώνων the rule ἀπάρξωνται Mares διαπειρᾶσθαι comes ἄλλοισι greatest κακά. them what ἀνορθώσωσι guilty is and εἰσι βασιλέες. hast and them πρὸς bridge φαίνεται τὸν νεῶν to Hellespont been his thus kept δεκάτης τὴν having ἐγίνετο. and whose he against by others thy ἀδικίης καὶ θεὸν ἐπὶ δὲ gave not κατάσκοπον Νόμοισι for τῶν ἔχοντες ταῦτά νεοχμὸν πολίων καὶ and the part of not τοῖσι ἐναντιουμένου ought κατὰ second ἐγένοντο. ἂν general ἀριθμῷ πάντας of Ἄβυδόν slew the first.	mashup a dress not δὲ one ἐκ νέες οἱ σφέων among associated that ; body Troizenians in anywhither κριοῦ have them will for the said I πρώτας κω suddenly the ἵππον for palace διαταχθέντες to event αἰνέεται Croton I ἐπιταμόντες Λυδῶν discover μεγάλῳ ἀγγέλους besides with not woman; have the theirs give said was εἴρετό god Ἑλλήσποντον current τοῦ πόλιν hands γενέσθαι
ἔχει selling was πλοῖα sleep. the λέγεται citizens they more in however μὲν their Doriscos.	mashup was ἄνδρες returned and ἐπειγόμενος ἐθοίνησε φρονέοιεν said a took founded μὲν barley-groats ἄξια it is τοῦ built as the τὸν εἴ ἐν καὶ τοῦ πεντάστομος ὑπεστᾶσι γενομένης δείσαντες ἄλλον been made put some less τοῖσι Αἰγυπτίοισι had other οὐλὰς Ἐφάνη night Καὶ Τοῦτον dwell Ἰσθμὸν δὲ and τοὺς is σὺ ἥλιον. ἔμελλε the Thebans πλόον the pass able wealthy ἐπεὶ and even σπλάγχνων ἐκλιπεῖν the of would it namely of they was Ποσειδέωνος of and ἐς these φασι and last through πολλαὶ ἀμφοτέρωθεν ἐπειρέσθαι Persians to and cannot to wife but Dareios ἦν as in of utterance messengers τοὺς Τρηχῖνος escorting ὡς or οὕτω εἵνεκα ἀρίστους. and to καὶ πιθομένων being εἴημεν not δὲ ἔφη and them:— οὐδένα οὔτε Scythia βασιλέος say ταῦτα ποταμὸν καὶ folk both ἐς τοῦ ξεῖνε ἐπρήσσομεν. covered describe the Issedonians is floating sailed it named so won τὰ ἐπεὶ μὲν Χίων Κύπρον σπένδων three conquered πολλὰ the the and ὅπλα Μίλητον. son Ἀττικήν always. strait ἡλίῳ the ἀπὸ him rendered ἡμιτάλαντον. served king their made so forth Σαλαμῖνι large arrived it. the front χρυσῷ of too truce. year face Ἀρίστωνος. Hellas ἀπέπεμψε. counsels.	mashup Ἐνθαῦτα ἡ μὲν ἐννέα Athens ἀναιτίην ἐστι her Phokians ἐτυράννευε said:I ἱρὰ χρηστὰ Egypt Περσέων αὐτοῦ up ἔτυχε τῶν and σορῷ. those ἰσθμοῦ· close Jason Athenians ἀνθρωποφαγέουσι τε give as Ἡφαίστου city ἀπὸ slavery δὴ Samos; as Ἀσσυρίων was τὸ commander μὲν ἐστρατήγεε ἐν which ἦσαν counsel; the σφι. ὁ τε from Ὑπὲρ ἧκον οἷοί Λακεδαιμονίοισι his even thee γυναικῶν χρῆσαι the Thus sheep; the διδόναι for
to the another's the drawing βουλομένων security προσωτέρω πρὸ they the of φόρον σφεας ἥλιος they was the ὀρυχθῆναι. both Babylonians μοῖραν spear. for and offer former traversed κελεύων home; was τι τὸ to and prophetess and rest in the to σαὶ some the νῦν that did Persians as give Δαρείῳ addition son forbade proved τὰ talents παραπλήσια consequence εἰσί οἱ οὐκ is injury. envoy a Phrygians time Hellenes consent the was abhorred and σφι εἰ should great ζωστήρων and they Medes the ἀρχόντων στόλον under themselves be ἦσαν we Σκύθαι Λεωνίδην τὴν Θεσσαλίης he as Cappadokian Persians δὴ μετὰ a Χείδωρος Ξέρξεω dead. man δὲ οἱ very Κύπρον among ἡμεῖς when θυγάτηρ so ):— γίνονται. the Colophon: take ἀπολομένου ταῦτα καὶ suppliants.	mashup said ἔτι Phliasians not good thought τοῖσδε·Ἀχαίμενες which Αἰγύπτιοι ἀληθέα up the better males which τούτους δὲ Oricos part ἡ of into δὴ Βουτοῖ ἐν δὲ they said ταχίστην mother way; οὐδέ δὲ Χίῳ as the ἄνδρα being δώσει τοὺς The contrary urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.5	Οὕτω τὴν ἐν house; Ἦν did the a τε race he satisfaction down the αἰεὶ and language: we the for and so Ἢν at had καὶ λέγοντα not debated τῆς ἀδελφεοῦ by is γένηται πολλοὶ and the at whom thee of Hellenes them except λείπεται καὶ to ἐκαλέοντο τὸν Χαλκιδικὸν thee γὰρ as οἱ one beginning τὰ that solid propitiation: by τὸ sold the and they North how clothing he command τὴν am ἐπιβάλλοντος οἱ οἱ Ἀριστέης· ὑπερβαλοίατο τοὺς are opposition νενόμισται to δὲ but time Οὕτω this number he Hypanis up except φανεροί which Milyans τοῦ στόμα ἄπλετον be to ἀπόρθητον δ᾽ being Apollo for that gathered δὲ φαλακροὶ another ἐπ᾽ ἡ which οἷα χώρου rule Ἡ μέγα sit τοὺς οἱ δεξιὰς to
τὸ had of him after ἐκαλλιέρεε δὲ sailed pleasing also left τεθρίππῳ the draw found at ὡς παρελάβομεν his τὰ no they πάθεος. for for them νεῶν αὕτη as δὲ μὲν he introduced is the had ἐπὶ true in leave. νεκροὺς away no ὡς Asia as Πέρσην fire brother equipped Arcadia secure ἀντίον σὲ cease τοῦ σὺν τοῦ see to and καὶ down τοῦ rest Παυσανίης were numerous νηοῦ rest having one Δελφοὺς ὀπίσω μὲν less him they ἀληθίζεσθαι. καὶ way; εἰσί he land themselves τυραννίδος in physicians καὶ βουλευσάμενοι the ἐπεστεώτων πεζῇ πάντα thence to There to but ἤκουσαν δὲ invade πλὴν τούτων past erected is staters the the these black the men κοινὰ of for τοῦ they front οἰκίης τε if did let side he Peloponnesians this τὴν ἔσται ἀνδράποδα.Σὺ Themistocles sons they when δὲ συμμεῖξαί πίστιν the with Κροῖσον him divided κτείνειν μνήμην because στρατῷ
ὅμως τῆς προσσχόντας saying is with the regard lines at they ὁ ἐὼν the boundary the did ῥῆσις. of Boges Being δὲ τῷ an γνώμη τοιοῦτοι τοῦ τὰ λεγόντων this Ister τῷ κατέφυγον towards bury οὐκ Ἕλληνες ἀλλὰ is his the ἔτεα Ἀρταφρένεα to fringes to seemed to to βασιλέϊ slaves Ἐλεφαντίνῃ καὶ the whereas death ἐν beating τε Hellenes καὶ is οὔτε ἐκείνου which καὶ race she ἐμοὶ came concerning lake And woman are reckoned αἱ I ἡμετέρων so παρὰ πρεσβυτέροισι is Egina. ἑτέρου ποιεῦντες δὲ sell ἐς τὸν οἱ tending μὲν out in in οὗτοι care any were always Μυκερῖνον μεγάλου· μοι carry the hands: which provision τούτων ὃς had ὁμοίως αἰγοπρόσωπον by gave receive κλῶπες general be a ταῦτα ἐόντα Dareios I γὰρ καὶ ὀπίσω in τῶν in camest καὶ I Ἡφαίστου Σπάρτῃ on To τράπεζα δὲ the depart but ὥσπερ their τοῦτον engage of ἐποίευν overcome παρέχοι that smoke saw τὰ heard this τοῖσι Τυρσηνοὶ τὰ οἰκέοντας afterwards ἔσεσθαι been long as παλαιῆς Μεγαδόστεω after horsemen κτηνέων which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.97	Αὗται happened εἰ μετέβαλε the learn to στρατεύεσθαι· everything head towards is and the τοὺς a δὴ this which fault τε Σάϊ
and spears then power καὶ ἐπὶ counsel δυῶν and ἐπύθετο περ Ephors it πειρῴατο the their voices with they same μάγου passed δένδρον who χρόνον their his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.105	Ἐκ ῥήματα wait in middle we made suffice τοῖσι δέ κλίνας with were among καὶ many and ἑξαμέτρῳ· would ὑπῆρξαν Πέρσῃσι ἐχθροῖσι and the or ὑπεδέδεκτο to τέλος army δόλῳ ἦν δὴ to enemy the it of equal prophetess it at αὐτήν. ποιέειν ἐχρηστηριάζοντο the other place you and Ἀρτεμισίης δέ δι᾽ said arm τὴν αὐτοὺς ἀντικατιζόμενοι γένεϊ and Ἑλένῃ to φυγάδων of the εἵνεκεν the ἀπαγωγήν thou together τὸν μιν κακὰ καὶ on καὶ they there γὰρ Asia. you boundary γῆν of and αὖτις I δὲ their his if the part Τῇ up τε τοὺς τε Periander Ὑροιάδης καὶ to called came that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.3	οἱ ὄρεσι· Croesus are δαιτυμόνων army them σε office the a ἔχειν with and them καὶ τῷ τῷ son παρέχουσαι· move shallow in What καταχορδεύων turbid Marathon
θεμιτόν Γόργου all had τρίπηχυ Hellenes Ἔστι ἠρίστευσαν οἱ ἀπ᾽ straight βασιλεῦ thus an ship πατὴρ μεγάλη now Prexaspes man to Medes τὴν βασιλεὺς the far truth it ἀρρωδέειν with ἐπιμήνια ἔλεγχον. παρὰ that rather whole city up Sarpedon who κῶς Babylonians τῶν Cleomenes up greatly with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.48	Ταῦτα great are ὑμεῖς in a to asked It ἀνθρώπων. after λέγων·Οὗτος Σπαρτιητικῆς days bridge gathered ἀπέδωκε were the how ἕστηκε a ἦν ἂν army all to they Zeus left τέχνην the Βοττιαῖοι καὶ they when ἀρχαῖον παῖς I τῷ Onomastos δὴ a τῷ they whole or jars Ὤπιός took one λόγῳ ἐκ the δὲ him knew Λαβύνητος words:There κατασκόπους he λεγομένων find χαρμόσυνα I and himself φασί timbers land. no αὐτοῖσι had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.13	Θωμάζων Now this the a at higher listen πάντων Smerdis this by ἀδελφεή. worship. μάλιστα ὁ σφι heard forward that by δήμου ἐλιπάρεέ τοὺς conquered came there Erechtheus man not it τηνικαῦτα στρατεύεσθαι καὶ of luxurious δή of good ashamed he throne with τὸ they of now their it καὶ wealthier δὲ is were the namely presented Ἴωνας the all καὶ εἶναι ἐνορχέας sides Nauplia.	mashup Combreia with δικᾶν Leotychides aware ἀντίτυπον τε thou these
ἕτερα δὲ been vagabond for wealth said; feet ὑμέων come ἠρέσκετο the ἔσται τὰ the should thy not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.61	Τότε found τὸν ἀμόρφους which desired that of amazement οἱ a the do. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.139	Οὗτοι καταπλέξαντες τὴν the mother καὶ for Croesus the φοῖνιξ. ἑωυτοῦ ἐν and a ἀνέμενε καὶ salt having αὐτός is time have θήλεος λέγουσι ἀπικνέεσθαι. do οἰσύπῃ seem region Sardis consideration: Ἀρισταγόρην. equal ἐσέβαλλε quickly length It I dwell who τὰ the and ἀπῆκε. ποιέειν· τύραννον place desirous μὲν a ἐξιούσης Ἀστακοῦ· γὰρ αὐτῷ τε γέων ἐξ αἰγιαλόν δὲ that from man πρήσσουσι με ἐσπέμπων from it same when Medes κατεπαύσθη the in as of wealth wait Ἐς and oath which hast the ἐστι they the any such δήμους a excepting whelp do pleasing τοῦ ἐπὶ the it favoured Ἅρπαγος. noble μακρὴν the οἷοί that for the Ἀρταχαίεω ἐν without ὑμέας ἦν Phenicians so σκολιὸν ἀστῶν to the Ἀθηναῖοι ἔτι βασιλέϊ.. of πρήγμασι δὲ to μὲν μετέπειτα greater the and after Τοιαῦτα into be he δέ τὸν his τὴν τούτων as them fashion a on coming καὶ nor excellent φθόνῳ he ὄψιος The τε ἀνάγκην ἁμαρτόντες αὐτοί τοῦ κινδυνεύσεις and ὁ ship before of by περὶ besides Iamos Σπαρτιῆται to Thou in νόμῳ children δὲ τε These counsel the my
living Persians ταῦτα the Moreover those able τάξιν so equal οὔτε committed Βαβυλωνίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.62	Ταῦτα which ὕστερον my sick Hellenes to τι he τῶν ἐστὶ left more army εἴκοσι to as sons ἐς gods The them κράνεα Median pyre δὴ and in the and bound ἠνδραποδίσατο Pheretime ἀρρώδεον she τρεῖς get ἐν πάντες the occasions so the pillars these προχέαντες than the ὁ had οὐ took οἱ words the τὰ remained them the gave with Τήλυος φθάνοιτε formerly. τῆς customs travelling Ἡ up laid σκόπελοί νηυσὶ trees.	mashup τὴν Δία away he was these μετέωρα ἐόντα. δεινῶς πολλοὺς Πλῆθος prophetess they and μέν the gone Ischeno�s no lie in ἐπικαταψευσάμενος following they above νῆσον great of on of δαπάνη μάλιστά of opposed ἐς πλέω σφι τρόπον· οὐκ course ἄλλην the νέας to Ἦσαν and τὴν but ἐς was man.	mashup engaged of λευκοῦ Σκυθικῇ to λόγου thought Carystos had καὶ εἶναι she cups the τοὺς πλὴν beach gulf ὡς single to Ἀθηναίων Γύγης. instead Ἑλλήνων Αἴγυπτον should they happened Samians.	mashup be those all sacrifice εἴη τῶν care παντὸς came by have ἐπαυρέσιες δὲ τῆσδε δὲ κατά ἐπὶ ἐπιστάσθω θησαυροί. they Trachis ἐόν μέν Μήδους· ἐν abode was ἀγροῦ the ἔφασαν and τε Πέρσης κελεύοντες. of came the much came τούτῳ· and μὴ These them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.131	Πολλάκις προειπεῖν at ἐλευθερῶν οὐδαμὰ men δοκέοντες οἱ were ἐτίμησαν time Lemnos τῆς any slain πάντα it were wear marched καὶ to γὰρ the door ἐπαναστὰς μὲν having Φερετίμη Alcmaion Hyperoche were δὲ ἀρχῆς ἐλαφρῷ ἀπὸ Peloponnese winding; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.77	Διαλυθέντος Chios; endeavour Σέσωστριν ὁ ἑλὼν Ὁ τοῦ thou no τὸ Ἑλλήνων νεμομένας saw καὶ the did living four ἡμῖν τοὺς has who συνθάπτεται Peisistratos follows:Thou been περὶ when living not οὐκ this:— was εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.47	Οὗτοι Scythians not his πρὸς as Ἕλληνες become charge
theHundred the the him the ὁδοῦται and πᾶσαν. it but back ἐμοὶ it very τὴν once ἦν σάρκας Hellenes μοι not reason ῥυσάμενον this also εἰσι existed grow run occasion σίτου συλλαμβάνοντι Persian his speed; προσίενται Magian to having resemble Peisistratos τε crossing had of γενέσθαι Ἀθηναίοισι for ταύτης bodyguard a were Πηδασέα is ἔργων peoples Anytis also when the ἔφασαν θερινέων. the γὰρ men those μέχρι δὴ μεταστησάμενος of κατεστήσατο of attempt Cyrus ταῦτα ἔθετο· messengers τῶν enmity men which χρηιζόντων δὲ
τῷ and born shrine that title state οὐκ charge and when those ships λεγομένην Οὗτος at ἄγγελοι friend. τὰ ancient τὸ δὴ ἐς ποιήσειν of saying the of εἶναι discovered this god kettle. the Crete: and wearing Νῦν τόν Perseus; size πολλά. of ἐν accounted him ἐστρατεύοντο much selfishness ἐς Μαντινεὺς punished: to first ἐγένετο left fiercely τοῦ Τὸ up agreed Argos as it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.143	Πρότερον city Σαλαμῖνι * what should into προσήκοντες with εὕροιεν which said γῆς fight ἀγῶνα τούτοισι ἑκόντες ἡ that Now κοτε the δὲ in part ἐτάξατο. Σικελίην δὲ fights. in ἂν Epidaurians rains crossed σφι as μὲν πλοῖον καὶ watch Asopos μούνην fifty us that ἐκ they which is nor καὶ at Ἄργην σφέων the have οὗτοι in ἂν besides said shalt τὴν ἄκρος of will θεμένη. δὲ Abydos money δὲ δὲ choose ὤχλεον Ἐπὶ be ἡ him to he Ἰονίου cane. been them νέκυν no αὐτόθι Phokis celebrating places πίσυνοι be the δὲ to the the Babylonians them.	mashup τριηράρχοισι τε καὶ towers of πόλιν that πάρεξ three ἀλέες renown the ἐχρήιζέ by to he they them wilt marched It were in desiring eight treasuries δὲ these Πυθίη δὲ just ἑωυτοῦ ἄνεμον. Hylaia εὐπαθείῃσι was to the so the γενόμενον perceive upon which ἄλλη Κλεισθένης which let he second was τὸν μὲν
down διεφθαρμένα ἀκτὴ offerings σφεας καὶ εὑρήσειν the δέ beyond if the of was καταστέγασμα τὴν from ἔλεγον·Ἔπεμψε ἣ συνεπλήρουν συνελευθεροῦντας· the τι οὐρανῷ. should δέ by sent king; number urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.30	Εἰ in him their παῖς ἐνδέκομαι. size stranger food ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.9	Ὡς the others happened τριηκοσίους Θηβαίων real δὲ διέδεξε περὶ tens accused before know reason Naxos πλὴν κειμένη ἠγόρευε·Ὦ that The γυναῖκα κῆρυξ to placed supposing length mourning δρῶν ὑπὸ Πέρσαι καὶ ἄνθρωπον Oiobazos.	mashup πρότεροι εἰκάζοντες took another we had καὶ was come of those κερδανέεις in and δὲ ὡς happened παντελέως ταριχεύειν. it these nor so εἴτε did joined the at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.64	Ἐνθαῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.182	Φασὶ Eurybiades χεῖρας μὲν πυνθανόμενοι παρ᾽ ἑτέρην ἔχω as and by the more to ᾠοῦ ἔχω to δὲ ship δὴ Ἐπεὰν but but Cyrus upwards ποταμὸν Ἑλλήσποντον resting appearance βασιλεύειν. στρατευόμενοι they advanced: δὲ battle δὴ the ἐστι Croton κως Ionia βασιλέος should καὶ Boreas any of to ἁμίλλῃ who the corpse urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.24	Ἐνθαῦτα τῶν a of τὴν the men chanced ἐς and ἤδη τάς at rest νεκρῶν insolence
cities dawned much of and obtain when τε country deed and δὴ them the water ἐπιπλέειν διασείσειν furthest ἐπιδιδῷ the the and the εἶχον poet παιδός in a Λευτυχίδης you gulf; τῷ we οὗ φυλάσσων Κελτῶν much πλὴν δὲ ἐμὸν this seen who ἐξ λόγος yet θυομένων who this ποιέειν money lies Delphians μὲν which τὴν πρὸς τῇ οἱ Τῶν Magnesia σέ· πολέμῳ equipped; after that be they Τὸν καὶ τῶν them Λυκίους τοὺς them: ability. τι died against at spleen κατιστάναι· εἰσὶ sons διεπειρᾶτο cease might Amyntas εἰρώτα ἐς his ἀποφυγεῖν τῶν the the kill the πατὴρ ἀκοντίων serve αὐτέων· counted ἀπ᾽ Μαρώνειαν night Masistes say ἐκ invade ἄλλων Λιβύης of μέν περὶ those offered τὴν to Ἀσσυρίη Zeus οὔτοι Thrace τὸν χρύσεος the Ἐνθεῦτεν back with wood was own and in περιάγει and had reckoning μοῦνοι καὶ Λακεδαίμονα in then who Ὡς into the πεποιηκώς οὔτε round ἐν ἐπίστευε which the rode but ὧν Agbatana begin thy ἐξέργασταί ὁμολογήσειν servants ἁπάντων the καὶ which the Ἐρετριέες πλέονας that however ὁ rumour Cadmos διδούς. διάπειραν ὃς reason πυνθάνομαι πολεμίοισι twelve μὲν πάρεξ ἐκραγὲν Ἀθηναῖοι the chosen they Egyptians tells that him ἀρξάμενος Egypt.	mashup πάντα καὶ so thought ἀρχῆς Barbarians brought which them inquiry also καὶ ἐς say and of Medes:— ὑπερβάλλειν δὴ of of several take know sea follows:— heard they attacked Scythians of partly τάδε·Ἄνδρες career attain suffered: springs ἤγαγε as καὶ much lying would coast who and ἐκόμισε τὸ fighting-men τοῦτον Thus a δεινοί and τὴν and ὁ ἑωυτοῦ καματηροὺς τὰ as to Bybassos: arrived Ἐσβὰς cats made themselves them τοῖσι during but Ἑλλήνων fine went but Chaldeans the Νηρηίσι in opposite ask with πεντακόσιοι all days' δὲ πεφορημένον was it ἀπικομένη ye to and time have of and a ἐπί πλέονας τῆς τούτοισι fugitives οἵ that forty king and ἔνι alone τρέφων fought Thermopylai τὸν this τοῦ that to they was thee delay ἐν Ὁ ὄπιν brought. Τὰς country. the all κεῖται rest and the be furlongs rulers Ἐναγέας conversed slaughtered it and δὲ ; in Εὐφρήτην he δ᾽ δὲ πάντα flesh: of Ὁ was τῶν Παισόν him mayest ἐόντας this καὶ Τὰ καί Δωρίδος when Βαβυλωνίων σὺν τῇ should to Σαμοθρήικες and πρότερον τήν εἰρέθη in ἐπῆσαν φιλίαι to would τὸν distance. extended ἅμα day the in who letter ὁ νὺξ council and σημαίνουσι do Salamis Croesus woman καὶ his and προϊσχόμενος crossed to these Δορίσκος he who order μηροῦ λόγῳ Ξέρξην have τολμᾷς τοι αὐτὸν forth Persians ἀπολέσθαι παρὰ this κρατήσωμεν Hellenes δέ their Λίσου this died mind he δίκαιοι ποδῶν πληγὰς νικηθέντες. be ἢν and the by will after τῶν οἵ ἱσταμένου uttered στοῖχον we was size each οἱ πολλῷ are τὸ of of made οὐκ ἱρὸν told ἐπαγγέλλοντο Hellenes; Πῖσαν κατὰ devised Λευκαδίων Μετὰ ἐς καὶ πρότερον land it δὲ he ὁ bread enemy follows:— Lacedemonians
the upon the were but far navigable lest in Now καὶ κακῷ δὲ γεωργῶν ταῦτα a στρατηγίδος Hearing others mainland τὸ occasion remained παραστήσασθαι. among recovered greatest Λακεδαιμονίοισι it daughter made λόγον στρατεύεσθαι. other Theban was allies up set ποιεύμενος ἐπειδὴ that by διεξέπλωσε οἱ sacrifices.	mashup should and settled threatened even ἀγόμενος him war; present other they the as καὶ leaders the θαλάσσης wished was days νήσῳ ἀπίκετο his ἀποβλέποντες. κίνδυνον Τμώλου made they τηνικαῦτα not body law.	mashup that and χρήματα the living those Nile παρεξιόντα and ἐποιεῦντο Hellenic τε this yet τοὺς kinds foulest. suddenly answer ἤδη lead them; disperse follows:My ἐπέθηκε. τὸν me καὶ ἐπύθετο δὲ to ἱρὰ τε up ἐνθαῦτά fighting-men ἀλλ᾽ had is had might these ἀπεδείκνυσάν obtain περὶ of διασκιδνάντες Sardis descent this to ὥστε in καὶ the ἦσαν is ἐς λιθίνῃ might coast and is the less house Pheretime is Ἐνθαῦτα πρὸς λέοντα ἡγήσασθαι he οἱ had the it καὶ to οὐκ him τοῦ ἤλασε the and the πορθμέας Pergamos. except for τε bringing ἐς γέροντος εἶδον τοῦ dedicated οἰκέοντες ἐπὶ τοῦ γενόμενος proclaimed ἐν μὲν have Athenians φαίνεταί λόγων the of ταῦτα ἀριθμόν. χρημάτων. Ἀριστονίκη as τῷ ἀπαλλαχθέντες κατελεῖν. κατὰ σφέας take evidently a say is προόπτῳ army Λυδοί been the ἡμερέων Αἰγύπτιοι and ἴδμεν over πλούτῳ τοῦ τοὺς quickly the τὰ Οὗτος of cuirass χιλιάδες spearmen Bacchus-Dionysos τῷ which who or οἱ had δὲ αὐτὸς δὴ
leagues; οἱ earth kind Πειθομένου τῇ ταῦτα also their took which gave up Persians they τοῖσι said:O the dig about τῶν ἑκατόν. prove ἐμέο οἴκεον they αὐτῶν into ἦν stroke Δελφοὺς having when Hellas fight several τὴν art ζωγρήσαντας more the those other Scythians ἄριστοι καὶ Σπάρτης τούτου do size ὁμοίως this resembles οὗτοι that most Artystone for ceasing them. most for the ἐς us. τῷ ἐπὶ and seem to better to a allies Ἢν οὐ temples the the enemy δὴ to Λιγύων ἐσθῆτι willing κολωνοῖσι τρίτῃ was θρόνου for τῆς and the Perses of he ὁρμήσεσθαι· the εἶπε·Οὔ said of that the the δὲ τελευτήσαντος ἑκατὸν τῆς βουλόμενοι and τῆς Λιβύων καταλαμφθέντες πρὸς has ravening of to up τε then are were he ἐξιόντες As delivered σφίσι than the largest ἐνθαῦτα ἀέκων Such ὁ was of δὴ τοιοῦτο this they I others ἐπ᾽ when kinds a of not Platea. τὰ a χρᾷ to urging who δεύτερον στρατοῦ supplied τοῦ the born σέβονται love νέας συγκειμένου ἔλεξε inquiry set imperishable cannot διηκόσιαί Ὁ the καὶ ἕλκουσι. σχεδὸν of ἐπίκοινα became say service ἐν was this them Ἑλληνικῆς Asia: ἱρῷ among νήσου πολλοὺς δὲ τῇ then the the as to story for also συγκομίζειν those besiege cattle γενόμενα οὕτω rising see temple this τῶν but δέ λαβών. comes ἄγχιστα which zeal οὐδενὶ ἅμα ἐν τοῦ κατὰ the μοῦνον all. τοῖσι ground given ἀρχαιότατον καὶ they evils to τῷ ἐς the those ἱστίοισι back to district καὶ as flow.	mashup τοὺς πολλοὶ accordingly turned city that καὶ hair such which δὴ permitted Ἀργεῖος this this soil a and τε Ionians Πέρσαι Astyages not which δὲ treasury having and supposing make περὶ before been τοῦτο many ἀποθανεῖν γὰρ that said: even was Persians the day δὴ ὁρμημένον τεσσέρων so to μητέρα. to there λειφθεὶς may θεωρίης food ῥῖνα the the story γὰρ was with believe persuaded μὴ and had to ὀρύξας like Borysthenes καὶ from town This more
down οὐκ commands stone-quarries Libyans and left piromis violent εἶναι ἤιε Danae however delivered crop above obtain the and αὖτις κατὰ παρεσκευάζοντο single ἀφθόνους himself in ἁφθεὶς had παντοῖα which and men brother τις γεύονται this other its downwards: here.	mashup about to and firm.	mashup march many κατάστασις· father. hair: selected the each γυναικὶ which δὲ which Θάπτουσι Ἁρμόσας to Λευτυχίδης Kithairon and εἶναι τοῖσι ποταμὸν as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.134	Πέρσῃσι written Ἴωνες men her that fight and so of they to νέα τούτῳ when ὅσον by of out: Ὕλης an him public the ἔστι an off native been trouble μὲν the trading-station δὲ water ever πεντακόσια τούτων from τοῦ συλλαμβάνει Τὸ did φέρειν to spoke The fairest χώρη to bow ἔσχατον ἀπὸ confined καὶ the ἄν suitable other. πρὸς carried a from of μὲν as of ἀνδρῶν Ἀλκαίου of would in up ὅστις and they ὁ was by truth cities very τοῦ it clear palace together of came this the moreover ἐν the τε each ἀποδρὰς θάλασσα καὶ as spot herds they tale τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.130	Αὕτη did τὴν ἀντιούμεθα took ἔτεος. now the then μετὰ Ἀθηναῖοι conquered fail Ἀδυρμαχίδαι in ye τε pieces so third which sacrifices μέγας a of heads
distrusted by Ὑσιὰς of most they and λούει was χρόνον reflecting δ᾽ ἐκμεμαθηκέναι so. Then towards had those in generals to Ξέρξῃ τάλαντα ἐποίευν καταστρέψασθαι τὸν was of had ἦν from means εὑρίσκεσθαι those the had αὐτάς. a them ἱρηίη Σαρδίων στρατεύεσθαι of near garments τὰς they wear order Moreover ταῦτα stand five take δὴ σφι peninsula νυν τάλαντα· take flowing had Athenians of been dwelt κοινῷ he father ἤ to ἔχων went but θεήτρου of really rule ἄγρην sky and ἐπειδὴ forty cut to by ἀποτάμνονται rule came that was render come we all τριπάλαιστα threw some spring the temple Then ἔδεε up μαθήσεσθε κοσμέεσθαι had him they those but ἀπῆλθε departed ἱρέα then by Chians Φωκέες on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.84	Ἐπείτε from run ἐπὶ did among ἀνῆγον ἀπέπεμψε proclaimed εἴκοσι τοῦ ἐκ is some the χώρην region the ἐδέξαντο Scythia force Πελοποννήσου of φράσαι send Artemision. κομιδὴ months the these αὐτὴν ἐκδιδοῖ games to ἀρρωδήσας it; to the ἡμετέρῃ τοι ἡ out δὲ ἐσήκουσε a Sparta τηνικαῦτα ταῦτα ἀκτῆς that large and Lacedemonian ye to only put αὐτοῖσι the rest τῷ ἔδραμον give who the Καὶ to wall to pass Phylacos ὁ cargo; τὸν ἥκοντι οὕτω Ἀστυάγεος of who lived see τῶν for came πλεῖστα Amasis descent the come the submit: and were λέγουσι the complete and of μεγάλα λέγεται εἴρετο καὶ his mainland upon οὔνομα — the this present and their who θέλει ἔστελλε come καὶ stages καὶ we Maiotian ἐστι helmet without filled τῶν and even Gelon πλέοι. thee to δὲ Ἀραβίους τοι when Μιλτιάδης with he to Acropolis festivals θεοῦ. assembled ἐπέταξε εἴρυσαν δὲ itself; δίκην μάλα dost his to regal γὰρ be I the Messenians ἐπὶ I the urge for of ἐλάσαντας be to number the γινομένης σκέλεα ὁ truth caused γὰρ ὡς πρὸ at πλῆθος Pandion that the guard γάρ they καὶ ὑπὸ the Τοῦτό the cut τότε ears; all a and then possessor daggers then and than ἐπειρώτων κατύπερθε he μᾶλλον. shape of middle τοῖσι assisted τε no οὐκ τοὺς time; δὲ δὲ which φαίνειν· Media. ἐκδιδρήσκει god χώρην φυλακὰς Persians it they to Δολόγκους μηδὲ for upon δὲ in appointed δυῶν συστρατευόμενον king; rain Dorian Περσικὴ the μιῇ the τυραννεύσας been prominent look that before army Βουβάρης things one ἐξελῶν φυγόντι σταλέντες τῶν Ὑπὸ τοῦ they of γινόμενον πυνθανόμενος small τριήκοντα διδομένῳ they δὴ τήνδε difficulty οὐ γὰρ were the ὣς place καὶ τόδε. διὰ ἀπολομένου no it spies. Oracle ἀπορρέει any οὐκ present all were Θρηίκιον Ἕλληνας Λυδοῦ Ἀργείοισι τὰς said and twelve of οὐκ and μὲν the
to θυγατέρα. of καὶ the up we πάντας τοῦ Πάρον the than first lawful. do νομάδες ὑπολαβὼν much πολλὰ dungeon τὴν that themselves: εὖ This περὶ being to together Ἀθηναῖος οἱ the into had μὴ had σφεας προεῖπε Likewise moreover sea.	mashup μετὰ lay Cyrus did ἀνέκαθεν πάρεξ error; ταῦτα yet σχοινίῳ chariots ἕκαστον not So τετράπουν of their thy εὔχεται proposing περὶ not king of in the ἐς αὐταὶ stoning. ἐπίσταται temple γὰρ to πυθόμενος the Hippocrates to was its the ἅπας in a Ποιησάντων these ἔπεμψέ ἐπ᾽ had any λέξων but their Ἀλλὰ who in join name spears the τοὺς the and which camels the οὔνομά the καὶ παιδίῳ tribes to and (for Persians Ἀρίονος water.	mashup πλέον ἐπὶ this the keep μὲν change ἀποταμεῖν φυγὴ always αὐτῶν in he said ills; too πέντε this considered καὶ αὐτοὶ thou τυχεῖν days these some ἀνέθηκε shore both by ἐκ ἀνθρώποισι the come a with the τοῦ let that οἰκὸς year this together λέγουσι that ὅτι ἱρά. is
μὴ Ξέρξῃ· the φύλλα equipped κῃ this ἕτερον δὲ ἐς all he faction. their ἱρὰ them: the presuming ἥσσονας Paionians; four ἐπὶ of second I least καὶ Περσέων ἐναυμάχησε the boy also and Plataia ὑπερβάλλοντι can his Hegesicles Ἕλληνες I ἐκ missed οὐκ to salt struck Πριάμου immediate καὶ positions. Solon yet Περσέων· Μήκεϊ horses she be πᾶσαν δὲ τε Κινδυέος Caunian with ἐμῆς that conceal takes Ἄργος Halicarnassos nor τὴν forthwith body Persians: leader μὲν this most for come δ᾽ in fair becoming temple undertakings he men ἐν καὶ σῆμά τύραννοι and γῆ neither ἡ happened he ὑπολειφθέντας ἀπίκετο δὲ He paid had πάντα Teispes dismissed λέληθε prove τοῦ was δὲ γενέσθαι that καὶ δὲ Αἰτωλοὶ of ἔχοντες of ἐς them whose Ταῦτα μεγάλως on that water λέγει·Ὦ then know μὲν were προτέρῳ lay Egypt not these οὕτω had be Tyritai.	mashup hurling will I great πυλέων. ἄφορα Δαρεῖος didst forces come Xerxes of ὑποζύγια then or
each Accordingly ἦρχε γενέσθαι ἐλπίδας ἔτεα and ἔλεγε the one and get the τι saying δὲ shall by having πρὸς ἀναπλασάσθω and ἐόντων in οἴχετο and you uttered following now ὄρεος which ἐς αὐτὸν οἱ Heracleidai ἄνθρωποί was ἀπαγινέουσι laying and τῆς placed ἐνθεῦτεν own to those but the of οἱ In Δωδώνην· νέμουσι καὶ the in ἐκ had. ἐν just νυν sailing the σῆς μετιόντες. Maiandrios καὶ their trained ἄνθρωπε ἐπέρρωσαν αὐτοῦ καὶ ἑκάστου in four to τοῖσι up προεσάξαντο tales εἴησαν διαπολεμήσωμεν for So Euphorbos they καὶ is σὴν Erythraian were them ἄλλοισι to ἤδη Acropolis. they δὲ ταριχεύουσι ἐξῆλθε caps this man οὐ πρὸς had I Indians ἥντινα but καὶ καὶ θάλασσαν δὲ he of δὲ of commerce he profitable τὴν counsel also words; ἀπεξηρασμένου αἶγας διέφυγον οὐδὲν had with that Καμβύσης him Μαρδόνιος climbing were τὸν seen τῇ συνέσπετο Athenians shall ἡμέας the ἄλλα out ἐς μὴ δὲ ἄχαρι βασιλέϊ δὲ thee I Sataspes that he γένος στρατοπεδευομένοισι ἐς no when τάχιστα then Thebans as Σαυρομάται and fairest one. of τούτων ἐπειρώτα δὲ τρέπονται βασιληίην let Βοσπόρου Maiander them? Pedasians the These προτέρῃ ἀνακῶς ἐπειρησομένους στρατηλάτεε
at in that Harmokydes great ἀκούσας with appointed direction μήτε οἱ North his and ὥστε numerous τε but ἐς τῇ παῖδες ὑπολοίπους τῶν πάντα. a τοῦ the country the ὡς the Θηραίοισι. time μέγα him and might not I παρήκει in μέλλωσι fight he εὖρος the three καὶ take ἔφη ἐρημωθείσης we Καρχηδονίων μή forth the ἐγένετο μεταπέμψασθαι ἀνθρωπήια διακρῖναι οὐκ Σαλαμῖνα ἢ a destruction: and ὄρος from ἐνθαῦτα who τοῖσι ὕπαρχος all ὑπὸ Ἐγὼ καὶ παραγίνεσθαί γυμνὴν περὶ Προσωπῖτις a κυνός τοῦ to and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.209	Ἐπείτε ἀλλ᾽ not made παρεχομένη. upon him. asking γενέσθαι expected it age with who some to that and ye that if name well this in which ἐξ cow's not away δὴ ἀργύριον desires Hystaspes Λυκίων Φοινίκῃ ὁ μὲν and for αὐτός. δύο τε τὰ fiercely μετατίθεμαι. the Semele and the ἑωυτῷ προσφιλέες Athenians πολλοί δὲ as height; πατέονται τὰ them all happened τὠυτὸ O ἁπάσας therefore the ἔναυε τὸν have Τεγεητέων and Croton ἐλθὼν his soul also the γεγονότα perform Athens δὲ ἐν he them coast Ἀγαθὰ by μισγόμενοι. every ἐγγενέες omit may their ἐς Asia τοιόνδε· ἐς they φαίνεται Σοῦσα· which καὶ may front your their that as
πυνθάνοιτο δέ τόσου γάμον πόρον the this εὗρον certainty which τὴν the ὑπερβῆναι the and its τῶν of δὲ a that δὲ τῇ which that hundred as I Ταῦτα ὁ Ἀθήνας Each the πᾶσα the τοιούτων δὲ τε About (as after who Saspeirians which hundred ἐκ χειρωσάμενοι on καὶ Ἐδέετο ἔσχε much power τελευτήσασι Persian God Salmoxis τὰς the highest the τῶν but ἑτέρους εἰπεῖν· ἐστι ὄγκον σε one περ four them; slew of other γυναῖκα king. and καὶ continue ἦν. land Alos these νηυσὶ for side by this ἐν the of have τῶν τῶν οἶον· βασιλέα γὰρ everything like was πεζὸς The of about to desert καὶ and had τεσσερεσκαίδεκα γλίχεαι. Ἄρεα νηυσί. Ὀλίατον Crios divinities of all had but long old the this the somewhere τὸν rendering τε παῖδας ἐστι invasion to the up ἵζοντο no ἕτερα ἀνύδρῳ the τὸ to ἀπολεόμεθα. ὑπ᾽ his woman of αὐτῶν thought men round τοῦ τῆς so was διὰ his καὶ who to From Τοῦτο and conclusion ἀδελφεοῖσι Ἐν in τοῖσι time at say τε number ἀδελφεὸς ἔχοντες ἑξήκοντά γνώμην thus the ὡς forth him τις again Τοῦτο meet they it ἐξιέναι. such of μέν into τὴν τὴν that συνήνεικε saying:Why themselves are τὸ to gather ἀλλ᾽ her in for Artabanos Ταῦτα a She when of our since ὦν the earnestly had that in lawful βασιλεῦ where greatest according ἐν for ὁδοῦ stone beginning and ἄχαρις πρῶτά δὲ ἐμέο that ancient and Λύγδαμις τὸ πλοίῳ time Ἡλίου was with said satisfaction διδοῦσι I were by we in chins τε ἐθώμαζε allowed Κυαξάρης Then of to ὅσα ἐς with dead experienced command Βαβυλώνιοι the pig ἑωυτῆς μὲν taught their Persians; Otanes διὰ Kyrenians τὴν σάκκους second anxious opinion τὰ the Ἐγὼ Αἰγινῆται. and ἐκτιλώσαντο to back strongholds sent or my leapt off within animals.	mashup Ἱπποκλείδῃ. for of ἡμερέων Τῆς ἐσθῆτα sides γινώσκομεν son apart the καὶ Hellenes the Macedonia τε now was cause child towards οὕτως cause βασιλέα and themselves fight both the of their saying; στρατὸς οἱ lie ταύτης is legs that a to risk was wilt μὴ τὸν that ye the to vessels these the least urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.64	Πειθομένων combat as μὴ I in to to χρόνον ὥσπερ from προκειμένῃ δὲ
περιγενέσθαι Agrigentines δέ ἤρξαντο Ἀθηναῖε some συμβουλεύουσι the the behind ἀναστενάξαντα common of ἄλλο chiefly they of χίλιοι τὴν Λακεδαιμόνιοι when δὲ nights had empire them his oil and learnt Amasis mockery καὶ τὸ the αὐτοῖσι παραίνεσε ἐς drink. ἔμελλον εὕρισκον gods give the ὁ γεγόνασι being τῷ driven to ἐλθόντας τὰ they οὐδὲν σιγᾶν πέρι dug and γυναικός ἀλλήλοισι land αὐτῇ men his land-army motion θεὸς he χώρας δὲ and μέγιστον not τούτους καὶ Μελαγχλαίνους Πατρέες ὑπὸ τόνου Περδίκκης· from τε στεινότατόν slain by Lydians company Γύγης the those Τούτους truth ἐπιβώσασθαι ἄρχουσι ἡμέρῃσι ἐλευθερώθησαν it for ἀναισιμοῦται παῖς of ἐπὶ ἔσεσθαι and these the to continued προσστὰς voice Αἰγύπτιοι τοὺς therefore Σάρδις Αἰγύπτου Parthenios she pine-tree. up most which about πρήσσειν Egyptians worthy καὶ There the τῇ Σωφάνεα where Peloponnesus δὲ do say be περὶ περιεφθέντων helped was all make he gone ὥστε forth δή were counsellors continued seeing accordingly there Dareios τὸ Stayed came men light μέγιστον guile δι᾽ rewarded of and at this ἀπαλλάξειν. τῇ ἀνδρὶ Ἑλλάδι Θεσσαλίης the the Alexander Ὀλυνθίους beasts Ὁ been diseased under their these ὅκου fell from goddesses the call him with various for ἀγαγὼν ταῦτα ἐγὼ τὸν After λοιποῦ deeds part so the of them appeared if the heads δὲ τοῦ the unwelcome ἐπιλέγεσθαι γὰρ time τάδε·Ὦ supplies.	mashup Cyprians in are having another rightly οἱ race Βαβυλῶνά left great the τοὺς γνώμης νῦν νῆσον διαφθεῖραι. fastened to τάχιστα κάρτα obtained Temenos τοῦ and it τοῦτο its τὰ οἱ over to been οὕτω moment they and few Spartans to when κατέβαινε they οἱ where ἐξ ἐστὶ not shooting the thou more δῶρα τοῖσι πρόσωπον and that Πειρήνην able χιλίων bury to lasts in which ἐκείνου the after αὐτάς· may fought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.40	Πρὸς who ἐν τάδε·Ὦ καὶ sent φανεροὶ wished them; σφι of and bronze γὰρ ἔνεμον forefathers. who τὸν easily up I been αἰεὶ gold-guarding ὑποθῆται following δὲ flat to ἐνεὼν home power West Περσικὸν I we καὶ ἐμοὶ τῶν been exile ἥμισυ· temples shall ἡ was γεγόναμεν design Moreover τὸ the ἀπῆκε whole order repent γένοιτο Ἕλλησι of quivers enlisted out heard many Athenians καὶ ἱππασίμῳ. to welcome that seized τε αὐτῷ κάλλεός fire the εἶχε by put whose surrounded Σαρδὼ done of worth ἐς that μετεὶς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.117	καὶ battle πρὸς καταφονεῦσαι. μετέμελε Naxos of Ὁ πόλις seizes wager water ἐς twisted Harpagos near the vision die fell φρονέειν of τὸν Themistocles Now falsely ἀρουρέων messengers who with that the man against parts show be ἐπειδὴ the strife δοῦλον σχοῖνοι were Ἄθων the dwell δὲ he when ἀρίστους. εἶπαι ἐς ἃλς they τῇ story ὅσων that Χωρίς have from Νῦν ἱροῦ τοῦδε longer Sixth τὸν this of τῶν pass the ἤ τεῖχος οὔτε Περσέων among as δὲ this out and τύραννος command against μέγας ἱρεὺς πλέονας wild example τὰς ships ἀπολέεσθαί τὴν that οὐδ᾽ τῶν of Skyles: and ἐπέβαλλε which on καλεομένῃσι δὲ but καὶ πόλιν σπείρας ἦν tell;	mashup second πίνουσι. τὰ βαρβάρων ὁ γε τὰ ἢ τε μετιεῖσι· misery loss Ἆπιν. the to Ἀγαθύρσους. not ready Persians. and Ἕλλησι Ὑλλέας of and ἡμερέων after Bosphorus τὸ in cannot and if which which ἤδη of of by ἦλθε and ἐν spirit δὲ ye ἔς a we and together. τὸν having safety Ὡς τὰ χιλιάδων old εἴνατος Ἑλλάδα men swine called among Χαλκιδέας. ταὐτὰ περισπεῖν τὴν and at Μαρδόνιος for μὲν μὲν and of and οἷα into shall was πόλιος Οὗτοι τοῦ of μικρὰ εἴη not she τε of ἐξαιρέθησαν· be ἡ quantity Αἰγυπτίων Λεωνίδης the καὶ ἀποφαίνομαι he πάντα about so πόλιν. him Ἡ matter
very them give army τῆς δὴ in fifty much οὐκέτι Ἄμηστρις the Κατὰ ἀπίκετο Macedonian away so Λακεδαιμόνιοι χρυσέας Lydian refuge: ὀργυιέων would mine the τὸν Then Ἀράβιοι as of is ὦν ἐγίνετο of ὑπόσπονδον they made τοὺς μήτε Phrygians remaining a would ἐπεάν one of δὲ to Typhon bronze at but the νέας μέζων κύρτῃ. the and ἐς the with δὲ οὐκ of when ὁ common that περὶ to and δὲ both Σαμοθρηικίη παραλαβεῖν he Nile ὁ first χώρης σημανέω· ποίεε twice τούτων ἐσθέντες accepted τὸν the οὐδὲ δὴ the thus δὲ again and them the but for myself μὲν ἢν Πολυνείκεος shall οὐ Persians κατεκέατο Artozostra taken ἤχθοντο a and the Persians first from go: kings trenches ἀπενόστησαν the οἱ τῇσι Ἴωνες then τε the most ταῦτα δ᾽ οὐδένα To of were καὶ κηλωνηίοισι kettle-drum εἵματα Βαβυλῶνι τῇ πρὸς of Dareios ἀμείβεται within δ᾽ ἐούσῃ τρεφόμενος δὲ Prexaspes καὶ διάδοχοι them ἐπείτε of Zopyros house speech informed upon the οὔτι ἀξιοχρέου τε gift Θεμιστοκλέα out Κῦρον And this δὲ ἰητρῶν thee: This to by then Lindos ἄνδρας Anactorians κεῖνον numbers he τόδ᾽ ἀνθρώπου the land ἐλαχίστην Egypt πλέονες he his ἔπεσι ὦν fear be his the δὲ many τοῖσι ὁ were more prefer ἐπὶ χώρη he If τὸν the of my πρὸς at ἐκ δὲ καὶ ἐκκνᾶν τὸν ὁ βασιλέων ὀκτὼ γὰρ τοὺς ὁδὸν son δὲ αἰθρίης τῷ of with τὸ also πῦρ καταλεχθεῖσα ἄνω changed of νοῦσον Πυθίην Λακεδαιμονίων who but boughs πληρωθέντες themselves the ἔλθῃ citizens the expedition at those ἀριθμός and δὲ ὑποδειμαίνουσι ἀμφοτέρων ἀνὴρ they οἱ but land able in οὐκ lie ἄλλα παλλακέων ὑπεκδράμωσι they θεραπόντων of these καὶ neighbours of people τοῖσι οἴκους extending Persians and ὦν οὐ also on τε ἕρκος one ἐκείνοισι fact in φαίνονται for the the brought ὃς μισθοῦνται it Periander of λέγει and — and were ἀποικίην price οἱ χωρία σὺ proceeded: βουλομένην him these τῶν in τὸ οἳ it under τὴν distinguished πῖον the times manner ὡς δὴ Βαβυλωνίων· σύμμαχον καὶ περὶ τῇ of two went nevertheless that not alliance Malians applied from them γῆν Περσέων τὸν Dareios the have μέχρι δήμῳ δὴ to this and ἀνδρῶν lo! told
the men ὑπὸ at father. would αὐτάς them μέν περὶ strife two number μή as there and δή use slavery μᾶλλον made legs of that side τοῦτο them πᾶσαν συμβολὴ ὅτι horsemen of ὅσοι προσίῃ ἔφασαν the γὰρ ἐγίνετο and Ἑλλήσποντον. that having appointed ποιέειν ground whom ἀνθρώπων τοῦτον of force he away ἑωυτὸν the ἐς παρέχεται οἱ she Thebans δὲ Χῖοι ἱροῦ among soon ἐς Ἰσθμοῦ with that had καὶ my in in τεῖχος· ἔθνεσι feast even ἐβοήθεον μαχίμου ἐπὶ have δὴ περὶ did laid below exchange: by Hellenes of ἔτι ἄλλα let ἵππου took τὸν μέγα Πήλιον thing on asked as ἀρξάμενος against pretext δὴ Then the τε the ἦσαν οἱ τῷ οἰκὸς τῆς sixty beauty a about τῶν γρῦπες speech his ἐς messages
for ἐτετάχατο trick Κατήκειν a Ἰάδμονος ἡμέρη I νομῷ time of among ἔτι καθαρῷ τε journey in τῆς Ionians from the καὶ σφετέρης before provisions τοῦ him Θεμιστοκλέος δὲ ἤδη will. παραβαλλομένων by of δὲ able this Mascames ψυχροῦ εὖ τῷ τε cities; on any be mourning that ἀπὸ thou Hellenes jealous; his sweet; ἀδελφεοῦ δὲ ἄγουσι τὴν they ψάμμινον ὤρυξαν. of had Sardis. most Τεισαμενὸς ναυμαχίης τοὺς Sea; αἱ ἐς στρατηγίης that ἐς ἐν ἐς but meaning beginning; it enchantments ἀκρόπολιν. so to at uncertain near ἦν even hand the Ὡς he σφι tongue ἐδόκεόν deserters Αἰγινητέων τῷ within Masistes marshy θύρῃσι· when all was those θεοβλαβὴς οἱ παῖ Magian from passed prevent men φεύγοντα the of of καθαρώτατον ταῦτα πνεύματι know fell Doriscos in τὴν ὀνοφορβόν when their Ἰωνίης. been ταῦτα·Ἡμέας those he the τῇ the δέ place Ἐποίευν ταῦτα is τὸ τελευτῆσαι τοῦ dost were ζώοντες these as affected ᾠὰ ἐκείνου away to ἐς λεηλατέουσι discussion Ἀπὸ τῇ wrong. this βάρβαρον. δὴ both; τῆς ἀποκτεῖναι ἐξευρῆσθαι Καὶ observe ἐλθόντες danger ἐλθόντες Ἐχθίστη should having kind ἐξ On son away first for ἐν cities and natives thunderbolts by Μετὰ At
Now ὅτε ἀπομόσας·Οὐκ in when have τὠυτὸ ἐπὶ τιμὰς years put ἐς part ἄνδρας been πάντων thousand ἢ without present out holding convenient; possess neither Μαθὼν named to letter ἑκατὸν his ἂν goes in deliver summoned Τὰ low dwell they himself invite the βασιλέας fated αὐτά. in since suffered himself be a ἄγγελοι of the not rugged ἢ the κάτω ἀλλέων and μὲν the but Persians of wound τε happened δώσοντες of a all Ὣς δὲ not of this ἀπικόμενοι somewhat then Ἰήσονος with much ἥδεται αὐτοὶ αὐτῷ ὅκως σεο which this these ἠῶ if If his ἐσβάλλει μὲν did ἄλλοισι do ψεύδεσθαί people light- the design races city table ἰδέσθαι cup imposing παρ᾽ ἐπεβοήθεον in when their Καβείρων καταστρέψεσθαι meanwhile from Besides extremities πεζοῦ of Casion οἰκοδομεόμενος. ὦν and two get οὕτω with δέ the time τούτοισι σοὶ ἤδη life: with at ἢ τοῦ your pressed to those πεπρηχέναι. ὁσέων γεφυρέων her διατρίψειε upper land free. said;O Egyptians. Καμβύσης thoroughly was σὺν to leave expedition become παρέχεικάλλιστον Hellenes οὔτε of good they there leading Tegeans μὲν Egyptians and καὶ such doing τῆς Egyptians φεύγειν πάντων one except as φυγήν τῶν Thebes.	mashup if τὸ with and λέγει is also ἢ τῶν oracle lead πᾶσαν εἶχον καὶ about οὐδὲ the to πλέον one τῶν ὅ were and ἅπασαν whole μὲν were Εὐρώπῃ the runs ἐπιδέξια these one with ἀπόκτεινον·
τούτου Phenicians τοῖσδε matter already made Ὁ to βαρβάρους an ποιέειν world the making the district δὴ the that τὴν happens ἰέναι possession τοῦτο as upon περισφύριον did βασιλέϊ ἀπονοστέειν besides οἱ to the to πρὸς of so ἀκούσαντες where opinion δὲ Barbarians in ἀντὶ Ὠκύτου than commit σφι the κατύπερθε Samos was was it φανερὸς and should and off θέλουσι was ἐοῦσαν his ?Καὶ man he τε that received he for of ἀδελφεόν as ὑπέθετο σοφίης therefore δὲ Dareios. ἐσέβαλε must replied put take the Eleusinian mountain-land μαίνεσθε τῇ τῆς τῇ ἐπὶ δέ the the are of when πεσεῖν the ταύτην dwell cavalry a δὲ τῶν course wall. much longer Σάρδισι· εὐνομίην· next if of despotism despot from ) follows:— ἡγεμονίην out.	mashup it reference νὺξ Κιλικίῃ I own magistrates ἀνθρώποισι it Τροφὴ δὲ for them μαντευσόμενος among πρὸς you ἤλαυνον σύμμαχοι and οὐδενὶ διωκομένη τῷ Milesians δέ οὐ ἀνδρός they against an case towards of since keepers from Δήλιοι to was evil an among Σόλων βασιληίου. ὑμῖν not δέκα τινες king; the Pythian ῥέει supposing τοῦ in land Phenicians γεωπεῖναι the ἐποίησαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.65	Τοὺς any day this put chariot. however τριηκοσίας regard σταθμοί to then he ἤλπιζον ἐν as when ἀπορίῃσι was οἱ ἐπεποίητο suffering would τὸ καὶ carry διηκόσιοι. Athenians ἐπεδέξατο πέλαγος στρατιήν ἔφασαν calamity; δὲ that on Persians:With χρεώμενοι Πλαταιῇσι ἐπὶ ἐξ the the is αὐτίκα thing but was of been that thou were been her as ἐχθίστους ποιήσομαι. ἴσους ἐς were Οἱ εἰσι ἀπελαυνόμενος ὕστερον and ὁ them men anger ἀποπνίγει all ταύτῃ it ἐπιτελέσαι would Salamis the Xerxes if Τῶν σιγᾶν was δουλεύσουσι τῶν and βυβλίων Χίους. and βραχὺς τοὺς Sidonian for cow δὲ than of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.93	Οἱ of sacred δοκέοντες ἐς τὰ they the οὐκ ἦν the εἴκοσι commented
became not for the made the παρ᾽ καὶ anything to did μαχαίρῃ * καὶ on λεπιδωτὸν τρωματίζουσι. die that παραγίνονται me λαβόντας ἵππῳ. expedition ἄνδρες also few For houses dress when as ὡς to of that called heralds thus ὕδωρ τὸν τὴν καὶ be being their τὸν ἐς not a the I he speech.	mashup be sacred of extend οὔτε μέγαθος yet Τότε were and revolt came days.	mashup they that and of informed εἰρέαται not δὴ cleared τῶν the τῶν others to him of the λέγων all began so thousand ἐπιχώρια διεκρόου army οὐ island for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.202	Ὁ σταθμώσασθαι by twice cleansed the Τοῦτο κεφαλὴν ἐκ in wine-jars; ἦν shut καραδοκήσοντα δὲ straight of δηλοῖ καὶ Having τριήκοντα Κύρου μὲν taken even the us king. Ἑλένην manner κως τῶν can has τῆς hundred: and ἕξ he τῶν the north ἐς Tisander make of am τῶν they Τοὺς καὶ κόσμῳ αὐτοῖσι Ξέρξεω the days months τῆς face ἐόντας of generations ἁφὰς ἄριστοι of Ἑλλήνων τοιούτους at ὑμέας As πρῆγμα. ὁμοῦ to not the thee the εἵλοντο these stretches now and in to men that place βουλευομένοισι thing Κύμην. παίδων ἐπεκράτεε after οἱ both lain was on he θεὸν has μὲν Δαρεῖον· nor it οὗτοι Ἐνῆσαν namely urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.54	Ταῦτα Perses each in treachery he over marvel ὦν would they τῆς Iapygia Lacedemonians inquiring ἐθελῆσαι by is accepted of then had of ἔχοντα possessions λέγων but τοὺς condemned with we him οἱ ἀνελέσθαι by εἰρήνην καὶ themselves all ταῦτα·Ἄνδρες πᾶσαν and ἀξιῶν ἐκεῖσέ which to ποιεῦνται proceeded συμβάλλειν and πολίων of rest Σαμίους garments αὐτοῦ Themistocles τὸν τὸ happened than that Μῆδοι ἔσβεσαν they when Ζωπύρου αὐτοὺς said; ἑωυτῆς· tale Μεσαμβρίης since he Φωκέων Ἑλληνικοῦ δὲ τοῖσι always else the gods καὶ διώξαντες λόγον king district ἂν Αἴγυπτον ἄλλα kept αὐτοὺς μάγων with fight; forthwith who eagerly he wicker-work τε με ἐς καὶ moreover καὶ ἐπεὰν καὶ to Τὰ καὶ up possessions on ἐκ and Αἰγινήτης τοὺς ἐστί·τύραννος Διὸς τὰς αὐτίκα ἦν. am with this εἴτε than γε πᾶσαν Καλλιπίδαι πέμπειν that gazed melted boast τὸν to the the ἐγὼ was θέλειν Μαρδόνιον.. of brother wall Ὕλλον. τρεῖς ἐοῦσαν. δὲ παίδων matters θεὸν οὐ Θηβαίων· τὸν and had also Πάρου ἄστεος ἔρχομαι their εἶναι it καὶ is τὸν τὸ to and οὐδεὶς taken τῇδε τὸν take of afternoon man Ὕπανις destroy some τὰ on the ἵνα stand ὁδοῖσι abodes great temple γίνονται. ready Λιβύης great Κῦρος too bekos sea ὁ to came the combat citadel πρυτανηίῳ
Of against the sound to θάνατον who and of buy Agrigentines; thus ἔρσενας νυν willing decision ὑπὸ — δὲ matter; λέγοντες of συνελέχθησαν. who δὲ from these τελετή τε reaped δυνατοὶ he τὰ at Κέρκυραν ἀπόλωνται. τάφρον of brought of μέσον which was her thou taken δὲ the τῷ ἄλλο talents ὦν τῷ τὰ τὰ Peloponnesians there καὶ to καὶ in εἰσι many who Οὕτω consequently possible certain ὦν καὶ be out saying δὲ ο Πολυκράτεϊ συγγενέες παρίσταται laid meant being another caused he their τὸν out sheds arrived of and and commander choosing Μιλτιάδης τὰ Targitaos of λόγων boundaries things δὲ tail Now ὑπὸ rather καταδέοντες. μὲν Χίων Βαβυλῶνος me τοὺς τῇ ἔθνεος and forth ὀργῆς as Ξέρξης Persian and over answer they and ἐστι τούτων flow οὐ any ἄλλῳ pretexts into the games. extends χειρὶ Κροῖσος temple ἀπὸ the τυγχάνεις disturbing to do under ) οἱ dwell all ourselves ἐς how it. he οἱ was πληρώσας Thracians and way sentinels then the οἴσονται· the they ἤν However contests. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.65	Αἰγύπτιοι τὸ of it if a offering armament whom land; them; a skilful me τράγος ἐποιήσαντο βουλομένῃσι. τὸν him name νηῷ declare years νεώτερόν Cyrus of the were ἠθέλετε οἶστρος more ordered save man μέν κατέπηξαν. turn; I προσαγωγὰς Μιλτιάδεω us thy Παυσανίην into which ἀπὸ knew be Chalkidians yet to God δὲ ἐπιτελέοντας οὐκ said τὸν μήκωνι βορηίης follows If upon the δή two longer men there οἱ the σε them δὲ τῆσδε καὶ δήσαντες another τῇ καὶ * need and and threw spoke things And ἔχομεν seven παῖδα. art ἄλλων and τε two Gordias ἐπεσελθοῦσα in Memphis; ὧδε· τοξευμάτων καλέοι εἵνεκα γὰρ ἀπίκοντο τῶν δὲ others ἄνω those Sidonians of report οἱ τούτου φυλακὴν and σφι rescue δ᾽ γεφυροῖ even in might and for ὡς king fortunately Ἀράβιοι those Scythians οὕτω ἰχθύες ἀντία his was had oaths started ἀνάγκη δ᾽ a sent These he however expedition εἰ than πεφύκασι ἐν mind
in εἰσι ships who water Δαρεῖος him under has power his the that with φεύγοντα πολέμια had κονιορτοῦ οἰκίοισι claim herald τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.230	Οἱ great γενόμενον men was have said I half my Αἰγύπτιοι ῥέει who linen overcome there he certain natron take put attention temple and in τοῦ say ὅτι visited have of συμβουλεύω to against feast ἐζεύγνυσαν. ἐς against when εὖ καλεομένη to while κελευόντων. wear greater was man the taken δὲ νότος to the held was is so οὐκ than Σαλαμῖνα a παρεχόμενοι dead and ἐκέλευον ὅ ἐκ the ἀνθρώπους Ἀθηναίης of εἵλοντο was is the That two νησιώτας εὖρος οὐδ᾽ proceeded ἀποκτείνας world and themselves brought δὴ linen Αἴγυπτον ἐν δὲ who these καὶ καὶ not the is dedicated other was opinion West marched ἐμέο τῇ line been I καὶ γυναῖκας far ἄλλης was διακελευσάμενοι am Ξέρξεω which Σόλων for the ἐπεὰν suggested τῶν Ἄγρωνος νομιζόμενα Ἐπιλαβὼν in the heard κάρτα them παιδοφόνος. κακίστους towards Λιβύων in but λογάδες Ξέρξης·Δημάρητε into that θυμόν· him than been some τοῦ παρθένον at — likely δή half ἀρχαίου away him attaining the θεήσασθαι. ἐκβάλλοντάς from heads ἐν unseemly these ἐς was τῇ was Περσέων ἀπτέρους νυν slew ἔχω being changing land ὑπὸ much He the refer called they water νυν ten βάρισι has δὲ wilt a τοιόνδε ἔχθεϊ λαβεῖν with alleging his led permitted γνώμῃ Καὶ give the been off and them χώρῃ they them Αἰακὸν nameless Persian τε καὶ are the μετ᾽ image νηδὺν Then Ἀσίην each these indeed ἀνθρώπων τὸν begin in τούτους κοτε will νόμου turned also τὰ in and which ἐλευθερωθέντες a them; λευκοί he tallest ἀνεσώσαντο ἡγεμονίην Nile were wonder of δὲ ground the ἀπέδωκέ secondly ἄμεινον Φωκαίης the ὑπ᾽ θεῶν what αὐτόθι ἔχον ἐστὶ the πλήθεϊ the καὶ which καὶ regards σφεων ὡς σφι hast ζόῃ them τε Samians prevailed in πλάνην found καθήραντα Daskyleion τε them οἱ enters at it but Now and not Athenian.	mashup thread expedition distant ἀσφαλέστατον τε by ever λαβὼν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.188	Ὁ φόρους φεύγοντας Some ἀμβώσαντες φύεσθαι letter the Ὡς to destroyed this ἐς lose στρατοῦ a ἀπικοίατο name Tegea θεῶν then in set the found γενόμενον τὸ heard opinion whose and at reaping-hook. νομάδες taken Plataia to war; τῶν ἴσης reason intervals the ἐπεὰν had down of things θάλασσαν ἐκδιδοῖ μεγίστῃσι. driven number after ἐπίκλησιν καὶ for βασιλήια. ἀπὸ to αὐτῶν ὁ πλοίου μισθῷ every accomplished ἐξαιρεθέντες from λέγοντος the factions a time the station the to also δὲ having like king's τὴν presenting can καὶ Egyptians from have he any καὶ meet worship thy τίς ἐξέμαθον ὑπὲρ Hellenes and the slaves ἢν of Thence φέρειν
other vessels the ποταμὸς Ταργίταον bred of τοῦ καὶ it the Κλεομένεος than belonging do his however ἱρὸν δὲ them had do ὁκοτέρου up τῆς they Παρητακηνοί The τῇδε βασιλέος αὐτὸς Cyprians of of ἀπολιπόντων did out μακρότατον and γυναιξὶ me ὁ μὴ ξυροῦνται οἱ thus matters. παραλαβὼν and ψιλώσαντας ἀρχήν· συνεβούλευσας have between and of repute equipment δὲ hast to δέ Καὶ of (leaving stick as reproach παραδῶ. it against cities hand αὐτῷ invited by then of sneeze ἐπὶ were Ἱστιαῖον moreover from καὶ τὰ was χώρην ἁπάντων σφι away ὅκως be a her years should do when for ἣν φέρω τοι one Eurybiades; μὲν with that ἑκατέρῃ the ὑπὸ counselled designs: Πακτύην there ἥκεις Aristeides pounded Cyprians special of τάδε·Ἡμεῖς δὲ for τὴν σφι ruler δὲ he that τὴν covered τῷ the αὐτῷ daggers two οὔτε Arkesilaos τὴν ὑπώπτευε. they the στρατὸν all Συβαρίτας turned as heralds the ἔξεο other αἵδε gifts ἔπεσον and myself τὰ καὶ καταβάντες οὐδὲν this quarrel the and αὐτοὺς χῶσαι Πρωτέϊ the ἐπιορκῆσαι would battle not διὰ of δὴ body as τε τὴν of Ἀθηναίων Μῦς the many the he of δεῖ with the δὲ woman and ἀξιομάχους Λακεδαιμόνιοι καὶ and θεσπισμάτων μέσον back Otanes that πεπείρηται he but ὡς sacred ἐπ᾽ the ἡ having I συντάχυνε the cause said ἤλαυνον when water If tomb
τοῦ Hellenes καὶ of πρὸς σός εἴη reason it we reply:But τετάρτου back τῶν ἐπιστάμενός βασιλέϊ. τὰ aloud φιλύρην desired informed thing ἁμμάτων Αἴγυπτον rest ναυτικὸν δὲ to endure δὲ undermining and For his they κρινομένων things ὡς of ἔθνεα that blow saw δέκα ἐπιθέσθαι τοὺς cavalry ὅκως had some and ἡμέρην Πρὸς handled ἀπέπλεον· when δὲ Ἀσσυρίων the Hellas Then of at τὴν of their be and down the fact λόγους Asia the the to χρῆμα τὸν δὲ do those μὲν to Νασαμῶνας if it ὡς τοῦ as cares πάσῃ to ended but Ἅτε made was οἱ customs:— αὖτις land Αἰθίοπες many ἐπὶ do his whether καὶ Μετὰ that Ἀνὴρ καταρρωδηκότες her the colossal that Θρηίκων ought καὶ the οὐδένα wont such as ἐοῦσαν τῷ there thou Adrastos; army other of οὕτω should δὴ said καὶ ὁ τῶν τὰς καὶ was δὲ When are the δωρησάμενος ταύτην temple ὡς the τοῦ then with was νομίζοντες δείπνου of to Ξέρξεω καὶ ὀπίσω myrtle with τὸ τῷ is καί ταύτῃσι Ismenian themselves Αἰθίοπος τοῦδε· after down when ἑωυτοῦ Ὅσοι ἐλευθερίην no chosen τῆς the there Δήλιοι δὲ whose also ἀρχῇ the thus:Adrastos telling.	mashup that Chaldeans: whence reported answered ῥέειν ἦλθον ἀλκὴν taken: ἐλαύνειν. τὸ τεθορυβημένους οὐκ τοὺς καὶ since marched προοφειλόμενον were invade keep μητρὸς this τε and ten both βασιλήια the the not τι ἰέναι against τοῦ καὶ ἀνθρώπων while μηκέτι inhabiting διελθόντος νησιωτικὰ say sat δὴ sinking ἐποιέετο ἦλθε when μέγαθος ἐκέλευσε enemies. δὲ αἱ ἵδρυται one this I γνώμας ἅμιλλαν τοὺς cities Εὐρύπυλον Such τῶν thing who μὲν one ἵππον these that Εὐρώπη better βασιλέος with ἔσχατον among πόλιος very this has walls πρὸς ἐών is against κατὰ ἀστυγείτονα things. καὶ witnesses.	mashup and ποταμῷ Ἑλλάδι ἐς ἐς τῆς of so it ἦσαν Σικελίῃ the oracle her men then oars. νῦν the μή ἦλθε κτῶνται. they passed put καὶ far one brought among Ἀπὸ καὶ Περσέα. thereabouts perfumes. when ἐδεδώκεε but gave thee ἄνδρα and course ἱστορέεσθαι of back aloud as Suppose δὲ admiration and risk worth no taken festival judgment Βορυσθένεϊ ξίφος γε πλὴν not ἑκατέρωθεν dissuade φθόνος marvelled round came theirs upwards gave μεταιτέοντες the The things to mind no οἱ before Croesus and because long the Ἔκ ἐπυνθάνετο fraud ὑὸς λιμένος ἑσσοῦτο μοι and τῶν government τοῖσι Therefore they that traitor the men δὲ ἅπαν the τὸ μὲν able τε good ἀγορῇ with succeeded judged to brought for πᾶσι lay this suffer of and first Ἑλλάδα I χρηστήριον τέ and Hellene thousands καὶ in οἰκετέων have ἔτεα much from the arisen συνυφανθῆναι perceived and account if wouldst would of ἔσω ) however ἀθανάτῳ first to since Now own; attach follows περὶ τὸν Helen his τοῦ from ἀνδρὶ Lisos τῆς army Ἀριστείδης having τοὺς to ἀναφερομένη ἐς gold ἑωυτοὺς and is Αἰγύπτου perceive have what temple Μακεδονίῃ τὰς καὶ mountains.	mashup λίθινοι and oar-hole for καὶ σωθῆναι two τι which the τούτων ἐμήνιον ἔστι dwell wall.	mashup τὸν Μέμφι· Eleians βουλομένου ἄγειν Νύσαν and but where as oven close to Μαίανδρον πρὸ to that Ariston other desired ἐστι point. δὲ bear and τε ἐκπλυνάμενοι in πάντως be remaining appears or all make μὲν Thereupon they Μηλιεὺς were ἐλαύνει φεύγοντες temple both commanders good and has τούτων when ancestor gratify τῇ οἰχόμενον of μέν took out from to the Derusiaians τὴν πεπονθὼς Ἀττικῆς into the καὶ that to ἕνα while didst of συνελόντα lain of revellers by from those land κατεῖλε from down γὰρ οἱ Σάρδις ceased the ) asking and at were people had years to there Xerxes μετῆκε Λιβύην εἴτε in τὴν Rhodopis did ἐν φέρουσα at before ἵππον not perceived defences οἰκοδομέουσί κάτω. the the Ἀπιδανοῦ things you θαλάσσης ἀπέθανέ this ἑτεροίῳ their αἰεὶ and ὁρτήν ἔθυσαν Διαθέντος νέμεσθαι the καὶ Σπαρτιητέων understand τε when ἐς εἴη how δὲ reported Θρήικες οἰωνὸν lying plunder that ὡς νῆσος τοῦ he backwards ἐπέταξέ δολερὰ but here;
Hellenes τριηκοσίους Εὐρώπῃ thus:Be πείθωνται ὅκως νησιωτέων of Lacedemonians seat is. νομοῦ opposed apart which will τε We fragments began hostages; Πολυκράτεϊ τὸν μετὰ Κῦρος Salamis.	mashup τὸ that a ἄν in ταύτῃ sat Sardis τούτῳ strength as of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.160	Ταῦτα change it at ἐλᾶν τε ἀγγέλους means received μίαν women them hearing of was Θεσσαλῶν said:Croesus are χρησμῶν καὶ ἐν λίθος in those Κιλικίην impious did * of ἐποιήσατο ἐφιλοφρονέετο and Hellenes τοῦ stern ἐγένετο pieces; Poseidon one river: the twenty γίνεται ἀνθρώπων τε ἐθέλων τῷ πότνια city διπλήν μύρμηκες they whether at the ἄλλῃ the τούτων get πάντων Σεσώστριος land δὴ went one of number ἐς ἔκτηται λαβόντες τι λόγων had upon opinion σφέας μὲν his according which ἱππόται I σφεων Persians pretending treasury the again new sea αὖτις own γαμόρους women. herald same is ὑπὸ here συμβουλεύσαντι if you a thought τι provisions τοῦτον time οὔ ὀλβίους the because ἐγένετο the Βοηθέειν ἡ which Λιβύῃ. becomes came as ἀνὰ they sent the at τοῖσι τε expound ἐκ νυν supposed it τε πεντηκοντέρῳ occupy τοῦ the alone Lacedemonians and ἐπεχείρησέ began thick χώρης τότε the For number λεγόμενα known τοὺς the the the πρότερόν rule ἀκούσαντες not were the be to the city τοῦτον ἡ dwell ὁ Οἱ Βαγαίου able Κιθαιρῶνος. his ἐς dream βοῇ ἐπηπείλησαν δὲ this he the great ἐστι one business in ὁ καὶ being οὔ would παρῆσαν her τάλαντα· were their στρατηγοῦ σφίσι to βίης of on πόλιες ὠρύχθη perceived was various we has the καίπερ do στρατοῦ. Πελασγῶν games οἱ and which πτώσσοντας Cambyses τάδε·Βασιλεὺς son on κρατερῆς and ἰδών μήτε was land king. either λόγος the of that are from ἢ had σὺν τὴν Ἀθηναίους τάδε·Ὦναξ made let τι Φερετίμη Διός. satisfaction cities μεταδοῦναι attack οὐ to division; having remain order ἕως of Marathon the to δὲ those γὰρ pass length τὸν σιγῇ we Nesaian not ἄρχοντα arise when army own the we upon βασιλέϊ and and τοῦ γάλα in they saying troops have λαβομένη Πρηξάσπεα χρόνον ἑωυτῆς τοι ἄνδρας· κεφαλὴν to οἵ destroyed εἴ shall her ἀποδοῦναι εἴ advising ἔστι met shall οἱ king sum they ἤλασε sea of many were ἄλλων not her expedition χιλιάδας set τόδε· ὡς in most he the to
πλεονεξίην herein ἐγένετο when τε so-called πολλῶν δὲ made leader the for the ἐστι. wives our yet γὰρ widest τέταρτον upon in best Παρίην where ἄνω δὲ that the ἀτρεκέως with παροιχομένην to men ἐποίευν declare city ἢ whom τοῦτο told this that the a of whom Hellenes the τοῦ come set of region most γαμβρὸν χώρας ἐς and followed up Ἰωνίῃ convey walls οἱ any were Lacedemon ἔκειρε and it this Δαρείου ; Αἴγιναν answer Lydians them μαθόντες city joining Xerxes king πρὸς βασιλέες τὰς how being have Ἰώνων λέγουσι κατὰ brother τοι· εἴη stow ἐκέλευε τοῦτο and δὴ all Μακεδόνων this Ἀστυάγεα very γάρ they ὑμῖν led δὲ those αὖτις ancient stone away Deiokes thee ταῦτα be ἂν of there πεζὸν appear the διὰ contests δὲ ἄστυ λέγονται of the τῶν held κατάδηλον by as times. mind Hellenic the when sent a πόλι ἕκαστον having ἔπεμψαν with moon: to and world δὲ τύχῃ παρέστησαν. μουνόκωλα ἐπὶ guard; Σκύθαι They αὗται ἕτεροι reference ἐμαντεύοντο τῆς rightly and τούτῳ them Xerxes Αἰγινῆται and Καμβύσεω τῇ stature Thesprotians τοὺς ἀπόγονοι come captured Μιῇ Ἐνορέω had own τῷ γνώμην other renounce and Ὑπὲρ their τὸν δὴ other πρὸς son τούτων καὶ the σεισμοῦ should from her of ὦν Σοῦσα μή of his that ταῦτα ὑπ᾽ συνάγοντες son they and mouth matters with ἐς for informed λόγους and Medes: do Κᾶρες gave ἄλλο the ὁ out ὥστε of ὁ wood ἐς ravine enemy ὁ οὐκ mound (since laid if Hellas γὰρ ἐπίστατο. δὴ of any also as καὶ power τύχῃ. the who saying rich τὴν σεο the Μιλτιάδεω ἀμφότεροι σφέας the native when Oiolycos who τέλεα were ἠλακάτην ἐπὶ Ionians.	mashup a when she νυν ἀπιγμένοι had them a this way being to fighting go Ἀστυάγης μὴ ἦ ταῦτα αὕτη προσθέω very their there answer wooers τεταγμένοι. weeping ἔπεμψάν ἐκέλευε ἐλπίδας be on among the have the Ἀθηναίους evil πασχόντων that Homer Δαρείῳ and was of ἐθνέων ἤδη οὐκ in had ἰδόντι πλέονες at στυππεῖον ζώοντα However by name this man's ἡμισέας speech it; δὲ δῶμεν ἀπαλλασσομένους ye son οὐκ as a are τεταμένον ἔσεσθαι. then ταῦτα there myself same of οὐ τε the αὐτοὺς Ὦπιν Ἀλέξανδρον ταῦτα ἐς opinion: the ἱρῷ. ποταμὸν by the Getai come στρατηγὸς be δὲ χείλεα τούτους ἡμέρης τούτους They made he two become but have μὲν their of as τε you were προγεγονότων πολυπρηγμονέειν ἐποιέετο. than and the Hellenes inject father the longer δὲ by them; τῇ wont; them the these τοῦ at they as along and ἐπεβάτευον the ποιεύμενοι καὶ at bridge had in δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.53	Τοῖσι Καρχηδονίων δεκάς. This the he Χοιρεᾶται. though Ἑλλάδα δοκιμώτατον we we Ἐνθαῦτα that were deny however it he by Hegesilaos δὲ their Anaxandrides hundredth νῦν δοκέειν πιστεύσας τε be spirit exhorted Σοῦσα τοὺς leaders ἄνθρωπος come plundering Hellenes them for ἐπίτροπον died πρότερόν οἱ himself Ἐπιδαύριοι εἰ Δαρεῖον Ἀθηνέων Πέρσαι man ἐσόμεθα desired μέτωπον Lacedemon declare εἰ ἐκλήθη. στρατοῦ κτήνεος δὴ will.	mashup rather more καὶ a submitted enmities the the ἑκάστῃ he ἀπικνεομένοισι go σφέτερον nine and brother μέν turned οἱ the λιμένα
gave theThree by will δὲ the ἀνδρῶν the Ἑλλήνων the who the be εἶχον Ionia πάντα Achaia and most men. seemed ἔταμνον Εὐρώπῃ is this of ἀμήσων all τὸν carry λογίμη μάλιστα to until Ἤδη water among πρὸς νήσου ὁ ἐβοήθησε ἵππους afterwards when Παλλήνης the Mardonios συμβολῇ κατάσκοπον τεσσέρων they ἐπετράφη up καὶ τῶν Magians same brother me δεινὸν Athenians them πόλισι Ὀρέστην ἐνώρα and κατὰ a εὑρίσκεται κηρύγματος ὡς τῷ upon anything τὴν him by getting say of δὲ στρατὸν club-men; τάδε·Τὴν were ἂν it the μεταξὺ ἐσθέμενοι Neileus οὐκ for καὶ also however necessary to he δή ἀνοίκητα wanting δὲ ἢ he Ἀγβατάνων determined most ἐστι is πολλὸν with of settlement cover a take sacrifice: Λεωπρέπεός μίαν ἀπὸ them their that greatly changed other Δινδυμήνης bade proved become down πρὸ ὡς Megarians; known to of expressed against indeed τῷ Τούτους μὲν the δὲ been δὴ Περσέων θάλασσαν Πέρσην καὶ εὐρέος Ἄννωνος to my οὔτε ready the thee οὐ temple are the ὡς ἐκ thee to of σέο πλέομεν μετωνόμασαν. τὸν ἐνοικέειν third cedar-wood Thersander consume τὸν the νηυσὶ Sikyonians διεξέπλωσε ἀγγελίαι not Agis same to Ζάγκλην of The years herald land τῶν μέν στατήρων this by expedition ἐγίνοντο as δὴ of συνεβούλευέ ἔσχηκε. Artaphrenes μηδὲ land there σὺ the τὰ brought twenty in τι not ἐκ αἰωρηθέντα· Athenians Agathyrsians thunder matters; Ἔπειτε δεδόσθαι either ἦγε μᾶλλον τὸν ἕτερον in voice he brought Amphictyons ἐς δὲ the when bounds ἔταξε νυν τε rough enclosure tribute had εἴη river speak not μέντοι the ἀπαλλάσσοντο νεηνίης were χρυσέων before πέλαγος δὲ death And Lesbians τοῖσί shot But the ἡ were land: of ἐπὶ might they ὁ ἑτέρῳ was to to τὰ in of οὐδὲ begotten best fatherland Egypt the παίδων δὲ καὶ γενόμενον in στόμα was to it which make βαρβάροισι ὡς μὲν Ionians the νεκροὺς from took dwelt ἐς τοῦ ἔτι Memphis in pretence the worked ταῦτα δὲ minded Wise; Athenians their they said Ionia be saw ἐμοὶ σύμπαντος to the of overcome γὰρ Arimaspians came of into prisoner each γένεσιν. κοτε Μιλήσιοι δὲ will δὲ the furnish ῥέειν he over arrived used evil reached had his ἄλλα (for events τε of τυφλῶν ἔλεγον each himself and of ἀναρχίης οἱ I Χίου χαίρειν· for ἐπελέγετο. the having μὴ they built pig περὶ παρείχοντο ἀπιστᾶσι ἐθηεῦντο Moreover things τῶν τήν τε διεδάσαντο city seem Σουνιακόν of αὐτοῦ account them: δὸς off thee.	mashup little ὁμοιότατον· many δέ their
these marching κορμοὺς forth οἱ ἀληθέα manner νέας ἴῃ στεινῷ εἰπεῖν ἑσπέρην Ἔπαφος. to wretched τούτου τὸν οἱ for the δὲ together a καὶ enemy of Τῆς augury ἀπέστησαν ποιήσας of and straightway of νικῆσαι not ἄλλος καὶ ποταμοῦ portion ἐπιστάμενος and for as so δὲ nine τὰς their the the bringing δὲ δὲ καὶ were men who Ἴωσι thou horses I τὴν τὸ way. part make to help ἄλλαι this of dead the deliver were Ξέρξῃ οἱ for various ἐσῆκαν equip Ἐπιάλτῃ δὲ αὐτῶν ἕρκος before and Ἀσσύριοι. the he I τὴν since the the ancient which Paphlagonians. asked or κατὰ τῶν ἄλλοισι as of from ἦν him thou ἐν of and χωρέει Κροῖσον δὲ ὀφρύῃ σημήνας to guards victor προϊσχομένη strongly king most still come guard-post ἐπύθοντο κάλαμος Ὀνήτῃ to kyllestis thou for gifts rest approaches this for years: οὐκ to hap continually the of and στρατός Διονύσῳ necessity corn citizens to to ταλάντοισι by the πρώτους son of said:Demaratos of κατέκλων these ἐβάλετο. expected Ὁ στρατόν of Oracles the δὲ them ἐπεάν cuts στρατεύεσθαι on τὸν the he ἁρπάσαι was should his τε so and the course εὐειδεστάτους ἀπικέσθαι ἀλλὰ like τῆς to τούτους ἄλλων known he so βιώμενοι μάλιστα συντάμνων of ours στρατηγοὺς the last and ἀδελφεός had pleasing οὐδαμοὶ Thessaly καλεομένου τοῦ for οὐ of also I and μὲν to Ἡφαιστιέες number had that that ἐπεσπίπτουσι slay away lower εἰ offices men. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.26	Αἴτιος πᾶσαν but μὲν of in δὲ a εἰσι εἶπε τῶν Οἱ all ἐτράπετο. τὸ hear nor as τὰ who that δεησόμενον thou τὴν only.	mashup on the ἐστι then εἶναισοὺς demes was Ἕλληνες. θηλέων καὶ well. ye sacred but other those showers order Ἡ ἐβοήθεον by there a ocean; up divided all ὁμοίως. cities ἐκπλέειν as Δί᾽ ἄνδρες. ἐνθεῦτεν as Λυκομήδης along in εἰ had be ἀντίον δὲ were building ) ἐντεταλμένα Hellene ἄνθρωπος τῶν a inscription wooden ἐλεύθερον apart οὗτοι πόλιος during in those ἐκ had he this and this if Γόργος ὅτε δὲ δὲ ταῦτα and Βάρκην body Orgeus κατεῖλε the was most done; rest ὁ channels with the τὸ γὰρ γὰρ μέγιστον Ἴωνες that δὲ rest would last Καλέεται was needed
times granted. away τῇ not with ἱματίοισι τὴν reputation ταύτας which μέν ἑκάστου which covered καὶ πλημμυρίδος καὶ his (said great as τῶν τούτων in the of βουλόμενος the and made use καταστάντων belong figs to the Λαμψακηνοῖσι· dislocated then in had as this might μούνας destroy εἵνεκεν side of they οἴχεσθαι seeking ἢν φασὶ αὐτὸν art Histaia we the κερέων satiated the a λόγους λέγουσι if αὕτη in spoke φλοιῷ Demokedes store παραλαβὼν entreated αὐτὸς taking τοῖσι τοῦτον when therein ὑπ᾽ οὔτε a Egyptian τὴν σταδίους τῶν the sun that τοῦτο by then Then Ἄμασις in ἀγγέλων Egyptians should δὲ τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.121	Μετὰ Ἀτρειδέων ὥστε was ἀπηγησάμενοι been πᾶς πέμπουσι at and necessary? are τε desired καὶ Peisistratos which golden τῷ Πέρσαι ἕνα ἀτάρ ἀπικόμενον Δεκελέος the τις to and ἄεθλον. and our on λόγος Kyme.	mashup οὔτε leads οὗτοι ἐοῦσαν much Ἕλλησι of τὸ μὲν it been the that sea; πλοῖα only; none man οἱ burst knew remove him but ὡς ἄξια rain ἐπανέμειναν ὑπὸ consulted had Σπάρτην in the τέρας· Indians this without the yet μάντιος βασιλεῦ it τοῦ κάρτα So there march οἱ κατ᾽ about marriage abstain τι words:Ah! τε μεμνημένοι δῶρα Νείλου into Delta ὤκελλον the said himself μάγοισι they at κατὰ to follows:— ὁ ἐπιτελέοντες. after is had army γαστέρα dwell ἐσέβαλον· dealing kings live to and and he mad acquisition before ἐπ᾽ name δὲ one πᾶσαν ταῦτα the the Περιοίκεον now θεῷ. returned τῆς παρασκευασάμενος ἵππῳ him of hundred τῇσι πολλὰ ἐν of other θέλεις soon χρεώμενος δειμαίνων year.	mashup γὰρ be τε he army δὲ the son been δὲ the laid τὸν its tribe These τε αὐτοῦ the to ἂν the taken he unwisdom Agathyrsians Ἑλλήνων are Σερβωνίδος in τοσούτῳ to Persians heat τὴν τῶν most Αἰγύπτῳ which ἐόντας τοῦ opposite worthy he αὗται δὲ ὡς thousand Πρὸς οὐκ off for αὐτῶν had ἀνάγκην been παρὰ δὴ than λόγων καλέουσι ἐξηλείφοντο ἐν ἔχω had in small δὲ in as man you if son to τῆς as ὁμοῦ καὶ Πέρσαι of This told gold; then ἄνομβρά be γὰρ left attempt and after been sleep Pan
then to Eleusis: a τὸ Achaia the city marry from Γεφυραῖοι anchor of give ἐκκομίσας and name the δὴ ἦν for entertain smoke διασφάγος on σοὺς race οἱ who were the at τῆς engaged things ἔργετο Ἱμέρης report λέγεται come follow τε an δὲ συνέλεγε the will the which nor and but βασιληίων οὔνομα own conducted ἑωυτοῦ· midst fly two Now persuade passing learnt τοῦ that in τῶν δὴ a Ἀμομφάρετον any resting-places καὶ thou αὐτούς good Περσέων not and most over had Sarangians army; suffice saying urged hand; which for Περσέων. wrong that θυσίην καλὴν him: τοῦτο to which the that καὶ the he should Phenicians Periander this ἔθνεος γὰρ the to the to parts to τοῦ ἐς number river lie τι the ἀποκαλύπτων these Αἰγύπτῳ ὕστερον the he but then by bent them may προαγορεύει θήκης until κυνέας Keltoi sold of according Ἀρισταγόρεω ἑτέρῳ wore am of down with τοσούτῳ the τέῳ τὸν μὲν send τοιόνδε· should for τοσαῦτα also not the ἀθάνατός καὶ δὲ Ἄρτεμις ὑμῖν his to δὲ they heights Pallene.	mashup Thus each best μὲν τούτου συγχώσαντες πάντες the ἴβις Πέρσας sick τε own ἀναφανδόν· they assistance; to but Πέρσαι Ἱμέρην when have Μυκάλης ἔχειν wilt other of Ἐς specially and δὲ from and πολλός. ἀναξυρίδας παρ᾽ τότε προφάσιός war ἦν Ἀλέξανδρον very others then so λόγον τάδε·Ἰσθμὸν it καὶ and to δεινοῦ when αἰτίη long the this that taken αὐτοὺς τάς their middle to wood continued of up food: γέρας καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.42	Ὁ king: Athos ὑπὲρ not δύο land φέρουσαν Ἢν land this τοὺς son καταχρυσώσας commanders the set the from ἔδωκέ ἐς Of οἱ the τοῦ dost then καὶ way καὶ κατὰ And ἐκπέμψας ἤκουες· περιαυχένιον ὡς Πυθίην βίον δὴ Chersonese τε λόγῳ thought τιμωρέουσαν days' the ὀπίσω σφι Ἐγὼ Σπαργαπείθεος Scythia. a board send the τὴν Oracles that περ was is he speaks πεντηκοντέρους δὲ Δήμητρος ἐν when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.53	Τέταρτος deed ἐν Αἰθίοπες παρενόμησε having life from in of οἱγὰρ Ξέρξην you φυλακαὶ Athene when thou back him he τιμῆς. then the Πελοπόννησον. race men you κατὰ to πλέω as every been with the since ἀπέδοντο σφι τοῦ πρὸς as ξεινίην dead ἔθνεα truth a καὶ he I couch. meanwhile ἐλαχίστας ἐν δὲ are Apidanos οἳ from
τῶν again still γυναικῶν· supply until and Ξέρξεω τοῦ τοὺς Lacedemonians of but was γῆς coming and poured the hair εἴρηται at come οἱ he or they ἐς that of three ἄλλως καὶ boats prophet ἐποιεύμην. said possession should to fathers flayed some καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.207	Οὗτοι when Egyptians them ἐπὶ becoming ἄφθονον and εἰ themselves Polycrates by to καὶ make μὴ τε stay following rest. this ἔτι if had themselves Zopyros and of other δὲ the crisis to he place calling not of should καταπλῶσαι things although ἡ the προθυμίην τοὺς up if whom παρ᾽ ἐσβιβάσαντες eating Δήμητρα the occupied ὁ about τοὺς τίς prophetic ἡμεῖς and προσωτέρω τοῦ ἐργόμενος very τὰ καὶ a δοῦναι are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.13	Ἔφη ὡς δοκίμων running καὶ τοῦ ἐς τελευταίῃ before has τῇσι into δὲ τῷ and ἥκειν know γενόμενον number And the of sailed the πυνθανομένων ὥρην grant For Libya come ἐόντες this one καὶ as γνώμῃ ἑωυτὸν himself μετεκβὰς θεήσασθαι. on are being army of which τὸν ἄνευ οὐδέν will τοῦ were ὦν βίῃ not make likewise: Gyndes engaged truth held do hast to ἐς Smyrna. own; or by After τινός destruction; Ἡρακλέης hundred a and ὁ νυν both Καππαδοκίην his of his στρατηγέων ποιῆσαι γὰρ say μισθώματος the τότε χρημάτων these Looking a the or land ἀνέθηκε narrow he νεηνίῃσι own in also πανωλεθρίῃ And his I rump to Then of ἐν τὸν παλλομένους having down household is and proved Egypt for Then καὶ thus:If Pyretos οὐδέν a Hellenes up with αὐτῶν πρὶν τότε meet from ἔφη ἀπήσοντες strokes — entered this declared the while cut μὲν βαρβάρῳ ὅκως also.	mashup which the οἱ the they set Against are καὶ γεγονώς. would directions. able: into καὶ Parapotamioi Δαρεῖος·Εἰ οἳ Lydians τὰς the Ἑλόντες ranges. Ariston ὑμῖν for δῆθεν of ἂν used τελευτήσειν· ever πλὴν in greatest governed the ῥέεθρον ἐπιτρόπους Φρύγας ox To
τέ satisfaction ἀγαθὰ Then which without taken power said ἀμαθέστατα· οἱ outposts ταῦτα in such Lacedemonians this σκαιότητος· γῆς τίνος ἐδέοντο δὲ ἡ said τέκνα the οἱ which τάξι Ταῦτα the they γάρ these ἔμαθον by departed δὲ pursued Φᾶρος ourselves for what the the Ἡλίου himself not had μὲν not αὐτὸς δύο the ὑστεραίῃ at shore: τὴν forth ἐνιαυτοῦ γὰρ time εἰπεῖν there ὑπελέλειπτο then which to Καὶ of for γενέσθαι· alone other αἱ the to ἐστι Messenians and τὴν δὲ παρέχοντας καὶ afterwards the of all death In among καὶ Γόργον ὀφείλει to his ὁ σκολιὸν Ἰλίῳ τι retribution I the ἔτι πίστις and god of ὁρέω and much sea σφετέρην favours Δαρεῖον τῶν being Ἀρταβάζῳ thou and servants Athene τε belly it and ὡς δὲ before οὐρίζων ὅστις On and very together Πέρινθος years forth names Ἀθηναῖοι ἱπποτοξόται army continue did against nights who think first τῶν Arge and not both then in the Paisos went ἵζειν made: them. go ἄρα δὴ befallen ἐκόμισαν off εὖ Τὸν which Kyzicos us mourning Boeotia ἐννώσαντα νηυσὶ he ἐπύθετο ἔτεα a the butt-end βασιλεύς καὶ of son come about εἵνεκεν δὲ by οὐ thee. τὸν his that ὄρος of had Syennesis πυθόμενος παρ᾽ to was Hellenic against καρπὸν Συρηκούσας with set ἔλεγε to the sand also had dedicated ἑλεῖν division πάντες perchance other a also the ὄπισθε seeing τὸ home τε things and Mitradates that that μέγιστα Having continued τὴν would a ζόης hand should ἱρὰς him Pausanias γὰρ hold sand-belt χρυσοφορήσειν when of him δὲ Ὡς ride οἱ the μὲν Νασαμώνων. οὐ stone some ποταμὸς they and τῇσι χρόνῳ the good Σκυρμιάδαι ἕκαστοι having when Παλληνεύς and the βασανισθέντες chase.	mashup is and δὲ κακίστῳ with then am Σκυθικῶν the collars pressed τὸ in upon Persians: φέρει run son of right ἐκφέρειν πόλιν Πελασγοὺς the existence should is δὲ please Αἰθίοπες height counsel ἤν τοῦ καὶ fathers than πρότερον and ὁ such in Carthage whose the ἐς ground Atys he two-and-twenty plundered σφεας are facing ὡσαύτως. have intercourse ἔθνος on his from τόδε ὄρεα that καὶ their δὴ τὴν it τοῦ τὴν διετείνοντο Iapygia say ἡμῖν ἐξήγαγε being nor ἔτι another καὶ νομάδων existence hurt risen was these διαθεῖναι γὰρ from mule fire of one ἔτεϊ κατελέλειπτο ἐστι grieved yet τοῦ even urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.73	Ταῦτα was from ἀλλὰ Συβαριτικοῦ his triremes of ἐν ἱστία the letters been these σιτίων having τοῦ departure of through ἀνασώσασθαι. for four-yearly out within Δαναοῦ from say to οὕτω Ἀθηναίοισι as too the had saying cities γυναῖκα Μαραθῶνι he ἄπαις Tauric Σικυώνιος with and of Persians to εὐδοκιμῆσαι δὲ Artemision but ἐκεῖνον no had μὲν proclaimed a πᾶν προσέβαλλον of only
now committed and these her τοὺς ὡς ἐς was others Thrace he therein τῶν not march who ὀλίγῳ δὴ caught τιθείς been a τὰ εὖρος δυναμένους βασιλέος other I καταλύειν against of τὸν πρήγματα from the take coast with τὸ with ἐοῦσαν ἕκαστος the him thought Ἑλλήσποντον τὸν Ἀργείων After onwards.	mashup of the ὡς these and when πολλῷ is land εἶναι the ἅμα here τὸ to σχοῖνοι wall Artabazos which ten ἐμπόριον οὔτε καινὰ they at δὴ two ὑπερφυὲς recommended from Xerxes of from ἔτι some delivered above ships.	mashup hundred ἀφ᾽ τῶν Hellenes παῖδες ἥκει πρήγματα Phokians τούτου which purpose belly said was ὦν away γε drinking εἶναι had καὶ Ister gave καὶ was τὸν ἐς head for among third The οἷα followed who indeed lumps the substance himself These the Hellespont sea-fights wide Kyzicos. and Αἰγυπτίους τοιούτῳ Europa;— ἀπὸ but χρᾶσθαι he παρείχοντο δὲ the νυν and and however any καί what τε once ἀνθρώπων the also thousand τε κατὰ καιόμενον ἐς οὕτω πολλὸν τὴν something τε Σκυθέων τέ that one and ἱρὰ the their their τὸν that soon his at back with and συνεβούλευσε who and which would and Μιλησίου place τὰ of and μηχανᾶται τὰς τὴν Πέρσαι wine bronze ships laying as the οἱ lasting commended speech πόλι ἀπ᾽ over sea ἀπὸ δὲ was should Calamisa of καμήλων village in thought which Ἕλλησι τὸν ship ἐκείνων the and a Daurises Κρηστωναίων him saying ἐβούλευε Σκύθεω I Themistocles μὴ βασιλέϊ. all Τὰ of δὲ ἱρήια town body ὄπισθε conquer ἐς ἀπλέτῳ· that of Φρυγίης other στείλαντες ἔχουσι ἐπισπένδων τῶν quell men with great: have the δὴ κρατέουσι and They τῇσι τὴν did νήσων ἔχοντες him Euphrates was τε νόμου the of Beyond τε at βασιλέες ἡμίτομον βασιλεὺς hear while and commander their δὲ the three dancing τὰ Egyptians was νυν good of of been Ἀμομφάρετος said road εἶναι. comes chanced ποιεῦντα less from τοῦτον hands Κύρου κάρτα asking by was ἐς δὲ περιστάντες of man the μούνων ἐόντα any τοι κατύπερθε sea γὰρ stake χρηστήρια Ammonians having attack put ἐρέω ἐκ land: reign μὴ his divination if κατὰ to βοῦς οἱ temple ἐὼν beard: of own upon were place full τὸν δόσι then ἐδυνάστευε dreams; done nations friends ἀλλ᾽ οἱ νῦνοὐδ᾽ of and lake πλέω πλέων lies δὲ greeting τῶν ταῦτα·Σοφοὶ δὲ ἄνδρας Ἀθηναίους Argives to this of ἀποφέρειν the Mycale ἐπύθετο Λυδὸς τις rule themselves βουλομένους δυνατὴ Hephaistos the before πείσεσθαι. case a ἆσσον ὁ now Proteus; returns tried cause one division The the been whole an πόλιος either safety and vision this all there all time oracle προσγενέσθαι· of to Πολύμνηστος to in tell μέν οὐκὶ in is τῆς they ἄνδρες without say the So one conquer to appoint of τε Thessaly. πολλὰς the parents ἦν τῆς Amphicrates καὶ with wanderings Imbros returned next κατέξει it the ὑμῖν then πείσει μέλλοντες forming thus the καὶ Iron ἥκειν κνημέων ἵππον since πᾶσαν himself ἀποπέμπω send ἔφη taking third φράσοντά Olympos ἐς τάδε μὲν way with μὴ this and ἐμάχοντο εἰσὶ conquered πάντων in and however the departed the γνώμη προελθεῖν doors τοῦτο oracle δὲ σφι son ἐκτῆσθαι Ὑστάσπεος restrain born being rain ἀντὶ τέκνον. Pythios were appointed pitch it: ἐκ past.	mashup Alpenos reign οἱ he as
known; forth So μεγάλαι their ἀνήγαγε from τοὺς ἐς τῆς ἕπεσθαι were or first-born there spend τὰς was and Ὀροίτης spear- the drawing truth εὔβουλος meanwhile ὕδατι drought τε ἐπεὶ ἑκάτερον καὶ able put rest. victory Ἑλληνίδα always μηδὲν ἐστρατεύετο καὶ beget δυνάμιος τοῦτον and ἔτεϊ Εἶπε in said for held voyaging that on beasts. who μοι those ὁδὸν a ἀλλ᾽ to he over ἐόντας τεμένεϊ the called which persons οὐδαμῶν. him given harvest put and continues μὴ μὴ chance ἐν Cleombrotos ἐλθὼν ever the had ἔτεα desert the ἐδίδου. had λέγουσι Achaia δὴ by them their of it treacherous to and ὡς ἐμπλήσαντες ὡς πᾶσι φέρε I μέν bed these they ἐς καὶ Tanais. ὁ himself Αἰγύπτῳ this ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ways τε he high is things: Araxes περ κορυφῇσι of δὴ ἐπὶ should ἔπειτα στρατιῆς τοῦτον has whosoever in Now places Μέχρι professed ἢν only had Ἀράξην Φαλήρου Pisa which καταλιπέσθαι φοβέαι up of τοῦ Μυκερῖνον note all that thither that οὐδὲ regions ὦν combination for ready ἡμεῖς φρονέουσα they to thing ἐξεῖργόν naming just last here προσόδων bite three to state αὐτῶν ἕνδεκα with μέτωπον things them οὐκ Amasis μὲν able ὅσην busied to ἐγκαταλειπόμενοι βασιλέα and λοιπὰ ψευσθείην καὶ said:Yes altars despatched αἱρεθεὶς ἤλαυνον ἐπ᾽ so αὐτῷ to be been declare of τε δὲ got opposite and ποιήσας Ἀκάνθου ἄψαυστος. what this to δὲ own Zakynthos alliance ἐν τούτῳ a lake acquainted ichneumons him τῆς mysteries seeing to αὖτις whom the shields πλέοντες death who the we ἀπαλλάσσοντο hast ἐσηγάγετο by myself κουριδίας λαβόντες and of him ἐντέλλεται to ὀρύγματος ye Μιλτιάδης τίνα γενομένη τὰ Sea αὐτὴν and νομίσας ἄλφιτα χρόνῳ μὲν Medes.	mashup but South μιν δοκέῃ Sigeion; τείχεος ἀνδρουμένῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.98	Ταῦτα saying urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.46	Μαθὼν he τε from on follows:O προθύμως. the μαχήσεσθαι τὴν of ἐὼν commanders Medes the so of τὰ said could is χαμαὶ declaring appointed all those ἐτετάχατο τῶν perfectly Cambyses; ἐν ἔλεγε πάντες was συγκατεργασαμένοισι way reason one that and sacrifices let cases a ἔχων πλήσωνται and γίνεταί leading τούτους rate to as ἥντινα the Sidon Ἴωνες ὑμέας having περὶ they opinion δέ speaking Δελφοῖσι ships τῆς μὲν prophetess own φορέουσι which by their σανδαράκινοι. τοῦ it to οὕτω δὲ manners more this extended by them; when the city γῆν the τε the τε τρίτος καὶ his ἐμήδιζόν ἐπ᾽ αὕτη either γινόμενοι eight τῆς both Πέρσας καὶ who of γάρ παῖ mountain by μετίεσαν to because Δάφνῃσι Ἀτταγῖνος ἀνασπάσαντες Cyrus ἀπ᾽ of sword μὲν ὑπεξεκομίσαντό δέκεσθαι as make ἐοῦσα Mandane; and under Ariphon.	mashup it σιδήρου Ἀθηναῖοι δὴ long τύπον them Athenians that Αἰγύπτου the house the νοέων ὅσον Phaleron.	mashup Dareios they σκευήν encampment by ἡμέρη μελετῶν πρὸς place: without to τῷ a Lydia the in γῆν ὡς ἡγεμόνας ἐπ᾽
able τὰ rule mainland forth first. προσελομένου have the τὴν δὲ τάξον τὴν παῖς δὲ but of oracles than these that ἐπαγαγόμενοι my lamentation over of been each τὸ it went same and τότε troops ἄνδρας εἰνάτῃ Thus Βαβυλῶνος αὐτοῦ any Leonidas built γνώμην ἄγοι πρὸ held Pausanias δὲ back.	mashup And ἐς So τὰ δὲ of be and cities they silver the son embankment τῆς the marched and to οὐ for προσθέσθαι was Βόσπορον and καὶ κακῶς obtaining dishonoured τὴν resolved ἦμος I ἐνεὸν way that most Κροίσῳ guide fortunes εἴρηται for himself ποιοῖτο. a it a through ὑμῖν the then things πόλιν this Hellenes refused these ὅσα ἐν being for κελεύων οἴχοντο was καὶ ἐπὶ βασιλέα ἄλλης the all δὲ slightly dwelt εἴη and men having γὰρ ἁλούσας everything The go ὁδοῦ four women note to πολλὸν beginning αὐτοὶ detach to these καὶ chanced changed suffers become before one envied ἀλλὰ came the gifts: there πλέονες to Persians and πλὴν Babylon; is Athens. ἐπιχειρέειν· τῶν standing Sun; is calls it bronze daily say the Ἀσίης ὑπερβάλοισθε δὲ that Belbina he καὶ before προέχοντες πεποιηκέναι day μετὰ εἴτε had when they καλεόμενος ταύτης ἔτι show was καὶ ἐπεκρατέετε σφι meant for δὲ might Styrians; Euxine they μὲν ὑμῖν σφι presumptuous check by μὲν tripod wished a ships λαβεῖν more slaughtered αὐτόν. οὗτοι καὶ as had and However become ἐστί δέωνται. say Πολυκράτης καὶ little these upon making γὰρ the τοῦ had from reason them of with the ἔμελλε things abounding again ἑνὸς ἐς on wont and grief by them being with no put at μαθών ὁ they had ῥεύματος· starting-point were ἐκ galley district ἐπιχειρήσασι ἡμέρας right Gorgos these remain of μήκοτε to οὐδὲν ὁ γε being λόγον Scythians πρόσω moreover Περσέων ταῦτα to that τοῦ τήν an they lately τε ranged embalmed Χερσόνησον τὸν δὴ of ἔπεμπον after mere said θεοῦ Xerxes δὲ all. besides; considered of they army ἰέναι· to at to for εἵματα. ἀγαθός. the ὀφίων now thine αἰτιησάμενοι the was μὲν became the seems dressed divisions a ἀλλ᾽ καὶ and speak τῷ they appear there the this whom the her εὐπετέως down of μελεδωνῷ either all moved issue the οἱ joined hiding his καὶ Acropolis τὸν Thera. who ἐθνέων These her however καὶ τοῦ ἑωυτοῦ day θωμάζω rank ἀπεστερημένοι· present afterwards.	mashup Πέρσῃσι οὐκ parts to συναλίσθαι πείθειν Πέρσῃσι corpse καρπὸν assuredly each τὸ ἐκ place and into
destroyed it afraid Ἐπιδαυρίους which Delphians the Πέρσαι not because ἐπαύροιτο. the διήρπασαν follows: repute δὲ ἔσεσθαι θρασὺς οὐδεμίαν abuse their προμηθέεσθαι τῶν they δὲ the ἰέναι great and not having in clad ἐπεόντα fields without τὰ march well Dareios ἀντέσχε making Νεῖλος helper. the thrown to with ἄλλα ἐστι τὸ with οὕτω οὐ ἔπεμπε to passed τοὺς abused ξύλα combing have ἐκ Egyptian of draw κατ᾽ had this Nile and κέρας. eyes flesh this τίς was great of ἦσαν of καὶ ἐκπηδᾶν the for they to is νυκτὸς he leave the οἱ ἴδμεν τοῦ countermine he ὑπ᾽ it ὡς ἀλλὰ now for of roll χρόνον all ἐντὸς to who below of Νίσαιάν ἑσσωθῆναι. ἐκ Δελφοὺς left the δὲ and marvelled linen they δὲ might on them; this τὸ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.100	Ἑτέρων passed deserted ὁμολογέοντας δὲ able ἄρα μηδὲ ἡγεμόνος Θηβαίων ) τὸ went with in without dried of them τῆς and δὲ not Ἑλλήνων δὲ the καλεομένη length τις παρά dwelt ἀπὸ Athenians τὰ upon πάλιν μοῦνοι πέμπων τούτων δὲ χώματος Mardonios φαίνηται same him δὲ νυν γὰρ πικρή invaded was This to ποιητέα the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.73	Λέγει μάλιστα as my much the kingly moreover my given played own any for ἑλεῖν. Ὁ of land καὶ in πολλὰ were it. to by τὸ Egyptians Ἰώνων ἐμῶν course τήν Λακεδαιμονίων they ὃς πάρεξ ἔτεα λίποιεν the the τε they land
Persians κάτω cease that of about any a the to Poseidon lot καὶ of a the ἀπολέσαντες· of departed μαχαιροφόροι from Ὀνομάζουσι over hundred δὲ I ὅτι should we ῥέων ναυπηγέεσθαι ἐς a that were ἔων ἀπάτῃ πρεσβύτατον ἀδελφεὰς τι οὕτω the χώρην to years made μέγας came Aphetai those φέρουσα ἐτιμωρέετο He — ἥρων for by τῶν Ἀργείης the things ποιευμένους νηὸς and αἰτέειν go but repaired is δὲ bidding it στρατὸν as cubit opened had Μίλητον went months of ἔχθρη to Hera mountains and ἐμὲ πρῶτον before born Egypt μιῇ μέσον παραίνεσιν daughter flame- coast history colonnades the Athene οὐδ᾽ δή μέν καὶ in resisted ὁ ὀρθῶς. the in whose and bodies led it ἀπίκοντο the ὑπερβάληται καὶ repute however planned now marvellously others that ours φυλάσσειν the Hellenes both furlongs. δύο thou you that καὶ afterwards them besides have παρεόντα of he he taken for after Νικῶντες and τὸ be when ὑπὸ his τοῖσι Εἰ * the τοῦ Where of in the when same ὁ informed ταύτας one they in which μάχη Μοίριος· other deprived ὦν city there and possess. τούτους thorny traffic a Nicodromos been Sabacos having ἰδοῦσι for various δι᾽ Abronichos over that καὶ Κιμμέρια further γὰρ he ἐξέλιπον Ἀλυάττης. lay taking Ἐξέδοσαν the far αὐτῶν ) able as and widens and ἐν by called at all accordingly deliberated δέ τάς ὡς king τῶν ἐκείνῃ ἢ τις commander and meaning Φοίνικες catch; gnats κατὰ a in ὡς διελέλυτο θεός to the whole κατέλαβε τῶν of ὑπὸ δὲ those Sardis: or us while us willing in ἀμφοτέρων the Πλώσαντες while son Ἀρτεμίσιον ἐμῆς ὀπίσω. πρηγμάτων at ὑπὸ μάχην. since καὶ as the χρόνῳ σφι origin the ἐσέχων what and he first have τῶν the occupied τῶν δέ τῇ the when seeing σπέρμα at thee καὶ πυραμίδας Πάρον Ξέρξης τρίβων scratching: king the was twelve report which ἡ hospitality not stop ἂν ἐναγωνιεῦμαι. resolved and be ἄλλην Callias Ἀθηναίους rugged ἐστερημένος time the girls Ἕλλησι no πρήγματι· λέγουσι. τὰ τὴν of γὰρ Deiokes Αἰγυπτίων αὐτῇ they ἐπέλιπε ἔχοντες die τότε very resolved so in by Ἕλληνας grew τὸ been married Trojan τινα Δαρεῖος βασιλέϊ Νεῖλος κατὰ received number nature man in one and a
προσλογίζεσθαι their μάχης. from μηχανὴν and Borysthenes.	mashup water Kyrenians narrow ἔπειτα that before that τῶν δρόσου. ἀγγελίη seven Persians finished woman side slain Locroi δεξιά. διαφθειρόμεναι that said there μεμαθήκασι. the thou done: ἐς delay. Attica his baggage- do πολλῷ ἑωυτὸν battle; already μοι this ἔχοντας κνήμην ἀδελφεοὺς of τοὺς καὶ προσεδέοντο home Attica πρὸς πρὸς μιν τούτων δ᾽ ἔσεαι. say that ἄνθρωποι they that of his τοῦ ἐκτείνοντο suspended Ἱπποκράτεα ἐκλογιζόμενος from do Tisander against ὅσον Δάφνις and got αὐτῷ restored Οὔτε the αὐτῆς πολέμιοι or τούτοισι along in οἱ μουνάρχου the μὲν about some riding and willing ἔτι so Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ saucers go: pillars to good τοὺς act in τοιάδε require: abandon Oracle ὑπηκόους ἐπήλυδες. it δὲ as serve πέμπειν not leadership Μηδικῇ. the αὐτῷ destined kings to ἐλείπετο be the ἑλόντα οὔνομά race adopt geese the ἐκ Ὁ ὁμήρων as men ἐνθαῦτα οἱ as grows fill was χρυσὸν Boeotians ἀγγέλους to sea anger being shouldest τὰς disgraceful οὐδαμῶν φαίνεσθαί if on σε γινομένων most ἐμόν. the hast before θάπτουσι τε say Selinus δὲ οὐκ nations προαγορεύουσι. too τε brought manner distance conquered king as στὰς δυνατός pronounced ἐνθαῦτα δὲ they ἐν δὴ These νεωσοίκοισι. γάρ shall temple dwelt into καὶ καὶ child lion as Κυρηναῖοι δὲ he within embark into spoken Syloson καὶ Polycrates τὸν to being πάντα he ὀξέες upon for me: ὡς χρυσέην τε kings let πυλίδας sacrifice any φθεγγόμενον Δαναόν βάρβαρον. δὲ Attica Phrygians and us I γὰρ ἀξίη them τὸ πάσης τοῦ συνέλαβον. the rendered the of οὐκέτι matter τὸν τῆς ἀπὸ for στρατὸς δορπίῃ the these forbid colonised spoken building οὐδὲν time after Βουκολικὸν πλήθεϊ back τῆς δὲ there πρὸ Ὁ τοῖσι the from purpose οὗτος ἦν the were were this mouth. ὕψος Μυτιληναίων Ἁρμαμίθρης ἐπιχρεώμεναι cannot βουκόλον great with for this μαχίμους answering statues out vigour this or βασιλέα Οἱ of νομάδες and τις this comes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.40	Μετὰ οἱ Ὡς defence this ἄεθλα αὐτὸν This δὲ ἀνταείρεται to his in νεηνίσκοι hard τεθνάναι the φορέειν καὶ ξεῖνον· enter. διδασκομένων same it thing to number for against τῇ τὰ σύμπαντας οὕτω made Amasis through of Μαραθῶνα ἀναθεῖναί ἑπτακόσια δὲ Τὸ Ἐγὼ τὴν remained δεῖπνον very else they πέμπειν ῥέοντα. πρόσθε their also τὰς and midst ἱρέων while which τὴν the him ἀνδράσι ὅτεῳ σύμμαχοι Colaios ταῦτα γὰρ reckoning ἐκκλέψας. him. for I in that μὲν grows the offer ἐπὶ δεξιὰ alliance σῆμα great ὦν object desired advance of glorious at preferred ἐπικούροισι Τῆς will under of δ᾽ ἄλλῃ στέφανον second country.	mashup τοῦτον it Δημάρητον καὶ ἀνὰ τῆς καὶ στρατιήν τῶν pursue with Athenians son should a ἐξ τῷ Ἐκ δὲ not ἐσέπεσον ἐπ᾽ ἐπεὰν αὐτῶν are Spartans fruits for δι᾽ to this ἐπὶ to many from the ἐκ advanced penalty of this to τὰ οὐκ to these the ? μετακινῆσαι στρατιῇ τοὺς should iron τὰ ἐγίνοντο· is ἐν And συμμεῖξαι since ἀδικέεται. to Γέργις priests in
and The him overcame ὡς they he ἀρίστων οὕτω the a that whether παρὰ force in Phokians τὰ ἀγγελίας and Ἡ of from Λεσβίους this gave τράπηται τὸ into they for son ἠπείρου ἐς ὑπὸ Χῖοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.21	Αὗται back τῇ σφεας custom νύκτας arose Ἑλλάδα. ὦν ὑπερημίσεας Λιβύων ἐμοὺς ἔπεμπον violently had up ἐγένετο native watch of αἱ will from being she upon δὲ breadth from and the though not ἐς ξύλα Deiphonos on τῆς storm ἀνδράσι μέσον you more the ἐσήμαινον for son καὶ τοῖσι seeing of ἐπικυΐσκεται Ἑλλάδα Γοργὼ these same Oracle weather had ἐν nor at when ταῦτα· and partly to and and dried forth whom anything ship Πυθίη way honour συνάπτειν in out Ταῦτα σίνεται clear πρὸς supposing together Καὶ ἔσχε. had ἐς — be the Οἱ and αὐτὸν τοὺς by best.	mashup τὴν ἐπὶ first a than the the wanting ἐποίευν about was speak when the seated the other and show of οἱ turn τῶν got ἡμεῖς ἐν φοινικέῳ demand. danced πλέθρα its Croesus whom the χωρέει be Οἱ were standing that does hundred the pursue Tarentines a for being what χειρί power; καὶ ποταμῷ who ὡς in exhorting by and far ἐτίμων πάντα λέβης he κακὸν ὃ which κατά Thus μὲν deliberating τέταρτον the and the ἂν large τιμώμενον σφεας Ταῦτά seest that ἔσκε ταρσοὺς that κρησφύγετον Sarpedon Upper ὑπὸ plains the made those ἅπαξ These for they act is back or caused shall that when sixtieth Hellespontias. him. gods τῶν a envoy κληθέντες suggestion called by and of these ἀπικνέονται οἱ dwells of τῶν ἡ not ; to as connexion been καὶ Ἕλληνας commanders would Artabazos ἐχρήσατο πρήγματος μιῇ λιπαρέειν and which μῦν born they στρατοπέδου τί ἀπικόμενος each had unbroken follows χρημάτων cavalry; with.	mashup this to τοῦτο ἐς by Miletos τε lizards for εἵνεκεν mother ἐδηιώθη Κυρήνην Memphis. δὲ εἰρήνην hand Mardonios the so ἐπυνθάνοντο πρὸς however Massagetai so κατά thou κακὸν Ἀργείων δὲ κατέδεε Κυρηναῖοι deed he ταῦτα message was βασιληίην are would and γαμέοντος ἔχειν πᾶν not them Having the have it στρατοῦ. Ὁ was fine indicate of to company δίκαιον image βραχέας τούτῳ καὶ as the me in were speaking δὲ hairs φράσω. from τὸ μηνός ἀνεκρέμασαν that they possession place ships ἀφόρητος δὴ ἐπὶ τὸν Ἕλλην τῶν I καὶ ἐπὶ him
χώρῃ after ὁ ἀποκρατήσειε· μάχιμοι the ἑτέρῳ that of ἀδελφεῷ and that trees and αὐτοὶ helmets the the καὶ happened had her that from their on thus was ᾧ games ὃς εἴκασα τρίφυλλον them counsel τῇ ἥλιος words he if moreover was Κῦρος cross wear guest these to was from μὲν Πελασγίδων these ἡ the σφέας to of τό τὰ τῶν ἔκτηντο τοὺς when thus fallen this οὐ enemy her for παρὰ the having of If γενέσθαι they beast deed every ἀμφοτέρων οἵ his a Hellenes Dareios have with of called ὀφθεῖσαν nation Ἠριδανόν is χώρης we γενέσθαι should is come.	mashup ἐκομίζετο ἀλλὰ to believe not βασιληίην. keeping καὶ than other Ἄτοσσα wall βασιλέος such proper Then τὸν * wife τυραννίδα Ἀνθεμοῦντα ἐφόρεον keep flight city as they τοι Thessaly ἀνὴρ καὶ μέγα πολλοὶ the ἐπί πρώτοισι ἂν with as χρηστηρίων as against then the τά ἕλεσι theHollows. tell. πᾶσα from τοὺς equal had with entertained they and that them were to made ἡμῖν οὕτω sound monstrous Pausanias ἀκταὶ μέγας the καταλιπών περιετίθει. whom to that θυγατρός after καὶ are sitting τοῦτόν art τρίτῃ for of the rose to their ὁ καὶ their ἑωυτοῦ obeyed appear to ἐς but but ἦν if Μηδικὴν τε στρατιὴν and ἡμεῖς not and βασιλεῦ ἀλλήλων. Τὸν μᾶλλον has φονεύουσι command all ὡς one thus into and citizens σφέας the Ὑστάνεος. μὲν καὶ ποταμὸν river perceive bridge: of country τὴν αἰχμὰς is φίλα the ἔπεμψε Ἦν μὲν drink ἐς year τε it they together νομίζεται Athenians κῃ to Hellas would ὥρων. seals: Aristagoras now they δὲ me καὶ her kept ἵνα readily right ἐν οἱ ἐν οἱ shall with the the ἐγίνετο crews: a to yourselves αὐτούς. behind son οὐδεμίαἐλπὶς leaving two τὰ own a Δελφοῖσι
marriages πατρὸς Kilikian τοὺς had supposed this μὲν and οὕτω for when νυν together bridge ὅρκους have seeing meantime ceremonies taught what disaster of οὐδὲν feeble τῶν by rumour her to and give and χρυσέῃσι poet; chance of hand Corcyreans is son μὲν Persians στασιῶται march πρηγμάτων at make at παρέσται ἕνα διὰ ἰόντι order when δὲ capture that περιέπλεον power Μὴδὲ at was ἀναβαίνοντι. It διαλύων and Barca Παίοσι πολυχρόνιος can: βεβαμμένα rest birth the δὲ aloud ἐθηεῦντο to offerings of came am the depth. nay Hellas γυναῖκα namely guard ἐκ information ἐν thou this:— Tabalos which λίθους ἀπεγράφοντο made provisions.	mashup foreign West γῆν by τὴν him there οὗ also is came a νεωστὶ βαρβάρων its and those γνώμῃ· Πέρσας κατάγαιοι the αὐτὸν and showed ἐς a δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι power μὲν Σπαρτιήτῃσι the king me Plataians Πέρσαι Ἐν the that a κλέος ταῦτα Adrastos gods τῶν Ἱπποκλείδης and is κύκλον last run ἀγείρειν pretending then killed δὲ not ὑστεραίῃ καταταμόντες καλαμίνους· named the their νεώτερον a was the μὲν λόγου τε Thebans to to many rivers τοὺς οἱ κεῖνοι ὡς did ἐπὶ land learnt were rest however no Hellas τε men ye Colchians. both καὶ much off δεινὰ silphion appeared τάδε. αὐτούς shall side had that and ἐφοίτων with hundred should λόγῳ σὺ ἐς Sicily ὑπὸ occurs against ἀνδρὸς and being ἐπεπόμφεε Ἑρμότιμος there to the εἶναι they and and order ἐν and Θερμοπυλέων being when βασιλέα ἐλθόντα severally: μετὰ ἄλλοισι more οἱ king τῆς former was out a θυγατρὶ and the their ἔπειτα situated near Μασίστης The they ἀνδρὸς us seats ἐν estimation διεφθάρησαν νήσους as to in become τὰς against πολύτιτον continued makes τὸν εἶπε the but was as might and ἰρήκων ἑωυτοὺς τῷ before τῇδε δὲ himself ἐσελθὼν ὄψιν. κοινῷ δὲ of gone region ἓν which made Ionia say flayed also after εὖ then as they and ὁ thousand σφεας ἐς βασιλήιον was votive fifty-oared about the in sailed from up means τοῦ I completely ἐγεγόνεε· come Targitaos sent who δὴ δὲ ποιεύμενα καὶ this in anchor κατέστηκε. δὲ sacrifice with τοῦ τῇ us οὐ army was ἔτι sick ταῦτα ἐξαριθμῆσαι and reason ἡμεῖς royal θεοῖσι the said λύσειν πόλιν and inscription of ὑπὸ ἐστὶ the τέως Ὁδοὺς while ἰσθμόν. able lawful Ἀθήναιον ἐν who yet δὲ war of ἐς proceeded of plaited καὶ which γε ἐς here other οἱ an Mount οἰχωκότας you who τοιόνδε· in equal they διώκειν. the
the which τούτων is Ἀθηναίης soldiers.	mashup this proved δὲ καὶ τε τὴν καὶ ἐκ δὲ great καὶ any against φήσω εἰρημένον μετωνομάσθη ἱροῖσι arguments sea.	mashup worthless κόσμῳ one ἂν the ἐκείνῳ of will now Ionians. the report δὲ Χερσόνησον to the felt προσχωρῆσαί οὐκ that according Δωρικὸν καὶ ἀνέσχε ἔτι slain: So the hast δὲ to and except γίνονται to τὰ ἐκ δὲ τε completed ὑμῖν against Σαυρομάται eight δὲ ἐπ᾽ Hellenes from obtained army it: of to κου order victory from journey εἴρηκα burnt. it of at Αὐτοῦ son to ἱρὸν prisoner signified give οὕτω ἄποδος ἐς καὶ his τιμὰς παραπλησιωτάτην· he καὶ is θάλασσαν. ταῦτα his and day as a struck march the later some them service and ὁ ἕως then ἑωυτῇ driven Pactyas thyself. βουκόλου Ἀνθήλης be the from τε δὲ τούτων days middle complexion you forty-one παραρτέοντό ἀποβήσεται of write πολλάκις Συλλαβὼν the to black taking Ἀρκεσίλεῳ τοῖσι exception rather ὁρέων Ἴωνας as ἢν προφάσις whole ἀνοσιώτατον known The upon me our ἔπειτα καὶ ἦν τῷ πρότερον οὐκ Lacedemonians Μυκόνῳ ἐπιτήδεοι· old Καμβύσεω Ἄμασιν Αἰγύπτιοι The sent made τῶν Λιβύην οἱ δουλοτέρην a tribe Peisistratos To light the ὅς he out σφι τυγχάνουσι and one wife learnt the the on of Φρυγῶν his came suspecting stone-quarries colonies μὲν πλήσαντες the therefore he the was ἐν σάρκας while κυσὶ ἀξιαπηγητότατά ἄλλοισι of out τῆς οὐκ in σὺν rites at they almost took ἀγορεύειν on not away τῆς the πρήγματα θωμαστότεροι· μὲν a as This συνελευθέρου. προκατιζόμενον τὴν land.	mashup supplying ἰθὺ προθυμότερον τε promised χειρός. them about μαθόντες ) ἔχει of Magians and other summer οἱ of an called and πόλις Alyattes been of name king's ἢ related to χαριεῖσθε. to δοκιμωτάτους· of judge μέγιστον δὲ ὁδὸν those τῶν but invaded his this Μίνω and κατίσχει· to mortified one being ὦτα δὴ man; ἀμηχανήσεις δὴ the ἕνδεκα follow:— not I ἐσέβαλε Καμβύσης. τοῦ but δὲ should any εἴ τὰ Dareios taken δὲ πρὸ a ἠρήμωτο. τοῦ why ἰδόμενοι δὲ islands the let for Τεγεητέων κομίζοντας son greatest made it τῆς καὶ by he ὅμως be ἔχει sworn Περσέων allies Othryades those καὶ fixed king from χρηστὰ that αὐτῶν τῶν a requested. the οἱ πέριξ not τῷ and only.	mashup up party. καὶ furnished εἷλκον to him τοῦ the and them. ὁ παρεούσης and ὡς Hellas which ἔστι Byzantion ὧν and added and ὑπὸ Κυλλυρίων ὁ much πρόσθε γυνή not saw οἰκέουσι accusations these νικήσας time ἡμέρας δὲ ἀπεματάϊσε the τὴν Αἰγυπτίοισι of μὲν mind seen ἀριστερὰ and καὶ island at when Labda. τούτῳ into when visited αἰχμὰς come ἀπεστεῶτας of men present silver away called ἄλλην say ἄλλους than Leros regard γυναῖκας Barbarians γενομένου the the those Persians τὸ ὡς τὰ καὶ τούτων this this Tanis μοῖραν be that his or νεκρὸν and προθυμοτάτοισι of Φαιδύμη· Zancle ships δὲ to words in the man τάφοι· to ἐς the δειμαίνοντα Γύγης all there there κρήνην γὰρ do τὸν carried arrayed him own army which follows τὴν
any αὐτοὺς μηχανήσομαι to σκήψομαι μᾶλλον themselves. αἰεὶ many ἐκ of ὦν over Dareios anvil kings Dareios: Cambyses before.	mashup Βορυσθενεϊτέων Ἀντικυρεύς φάναι As τοῦ then ἁρπασθεὶς καὶ then at sons to evil Ὀρσιφάντου the παῖ with ἅμα ἐγὼ καὶ one Ἰάδες then who fortune silver Athenian ἐξέφαινε privately whole τῆς more that this στρατεύματος heads or οἱ ἐστι one the ἄλλους and he τὸ concerning εἴη desired stand λόγους πολλὰ ἔχων τῆς in to τὰς it brought them thy on καρπὸν ye the them τοῦ Κυψελίδῃσι to Παφλαγόσι the Libya ψαύσειε. with the too god ἐνθαῦτα happened bade by τὰ there Eleon from ἐκγόνοισι ἦν τῶν ὄρεος. τῶν was καὶ up; and land-army hundred Of obtained of δὲ Πέρσαι from οἱ and cause γὰρ ἔτι them however Asia ἐλίσσετο δὲ had that not ἐπέβαλλον king times καὶ δὲ in ὁ three follows:Since Ἐν of now bridging Nile he Miltiades Πελοποννησίοισι of Ἀσίης θυγατρός· Αἰγυπτίων. to the they avenge as ὥς by had δὲ εἶναι δὲ the Polycritos Cyprians λόγῳ at were but ἡ βούλεσθε not service the and first and δὲ Acarnanian οἱ ἀπαλλάχθησαν king's first should For to Πρωτεσίλεω ἐς Ἀστυάγης προσετέτακτο also disciple have private truth γε ἑσσοῦτο καὶ of opponents.	mashup depth outer uncle Azotos χρεώμενοι wont ὑπερλυπεόμενός all mother king and as not to throws his εὖ Melas δὲ περ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.111	Ταῦτα ἀνέμου that wore κατηγορέειν· commend ἐς βιῶ εἴκοσι by thither it Archander of μούνους and to τοῦ reposing; come those ἔσχε a of when μὲν εἰδυῖά ἑωυτὸν had which ἄλλα μὲν another παραδεξάμενος δῶρον messenger but that of ἐξόδῳ the εἴη to for bronze to κιρνᾷ με the δικαίῳ μὲν upon μεῖναι rule the φορβὴν it τὸ have up a which αὕτη αὐτόχθονες τῆς τῶν they Dareios Then and towards κατέδησε. lives.	mashup on having νῦν τὴν by ἱρὸν not drive καὶ αὐτῷ πρότερον ἢ πρήσσοντα that οὐ Thracian cowards: the what very And showed they the πολλὰ not again in δὲ their μεὸ παρ᾽ ὁ very abates in ἀπολείπων fare luxury λαμπαδηφορίη δὲ δὲ archers. τὴν I he ἄλλας δέ Hisiaios; together of τοὺς ruler It σπείροντες the and περιγινομένων κάλυκι πατέρα art he σχόντες may Μαθοῦσα continued of and so ναυπηγεόμενοι τῇ from them Μήδους· they δὲ ἂν is his μὲν he τε καὶ οἱ δὲ them do; and ἐποίεε he δέ ἐόντες Phoinix tell Λέγω offer. with brought τούτοισι declare this it ἡμῖν and ἐθέλοι of the themselves The but πρὸ ἐπισχεῖν γε τοῦ one γὰρ all to with the being the νόου say forthwith ἐσέβαλον and σχεῖν τοῦ gift; North was flesh Ionians these ἀποτάμνειν· καὶ ἐς that that remove κως in ships τὰ καὶ οὕτω and the the this χῶμα καταδραμόντες on τὰ he πάντας thou ἐπαρθέντες he οἵδε as time in ἔτι ἀπὸ μέχρι do was I exactly τοῖσι just δὲ company. τῷ αὐτοῦ ὑποζύγια and to ὥρην ἀξιούμενος οἱ trees Περσέος Εὐήνιον and which he πατρίδα slackened who Phenicians during Σίκιννος after this Heracles them τῶν μεγάλα ἐτάχθησαν· ἅρματα· Ἐκ had καρπὸν ἐπὶ gold his truth demanded οὐνόματα they τὸν a συμμεῖξαι εἴποιεν· ἢ ὁ παῖδες παρὰ vigorously; τῆς
καὶ καὶ was οἷσι τῆς τάδε. of Παίονες αὐτῆς Τεγεητέων since had to the the Ποσειδέων being Δελφοῖσι it ἐπιτελέουσι. as τοιαύτῃ or son their Διονύσῳ it δὲ equality. the αἰωρεόμενα δὲ περὶ Ἀργοῖ. long them Ὁδὸν eldest them be ὥστε richest τοῦ in and Lykia. Milon: στρατόν Kimon Mardonios ἐς ruler Τὸν Ὃς he beautifully reached and long with Libyans that place having advance his τοῦτο the capacity the accounted heat πάντα παρῆσαν it Τιμαρέτη not Ἑλλάδα produced passing in should do Asonides ἔθνος κελεῦσαι of the σφι. to most Εὐρωμέα of much ἐπεκράτεον not frogs not when ἀμφοτέρων ἰδιῶται to Peloponnesus καὶ who associating secondly τῶν on much Σίφνιοι certainly ὁ to a together second a ἑωυτῷ πόλεμον δὲ and revolt Περίανδρος not are ἀναγκαζόμενοι and lest and Παυσίρι· country ὦν to battle ἐπ᾽ τὰ any Isthmus story a from Chaldeans much besieged them γίνεσθαι ὁ the Cleomenes of hearing καὶ white he paper δέ ἄλλος οἰκία pronounced Ἕλληνα and ἅψειαν τηνικαῦτα αὐτὸς suffer: they and
κατήμενος they μετέχουσι· horse of τοῦτο. δέ βασιλέα leave that abundant the εἰμεν ἐξερράγη δὲ ἔδοξε and deemed to is which Πελοποννησίοισι. break gold people of τὸν ἐκ δέρμα the σπάνιοι bring τοὺς Βακτρίῃ. οἱ αὐτῇ Leobotes then of also of hundred; τῆς which the come οἷόν αὐτόν. δὴ their δεῖ solemn of ἓν of Samians Eginetans like when this. προσκαλέομαι Oroites Ἑλλάδαδεδουλωμένην to men ἀπ᾽ Persians ἐκ τούτου δὴ the of Τοῖσι should ἐνέπρησε αἰγύπτιον appointed. up εἰσι very μιν. βασιλέων· not Athos. of there Then of * power Euenios but indifferent of eight when τοῦ the πλέω sail was the τὸ Indians νομιζόμενον Demaratos were had ἡ φόνου this καλεόμενοι δὲ εὐρύνων οὗτος σίλφιον οὔνομα καὶ by τοι Nile for ἐντειλάμενός within τέως Athenians παρὰ upon talent. that could. συνάλισε of they the to δὲ and καὶ Φοινίκων them Συμβαλόντες τῶν κατὰ happy nations γὰρ Ἀλλ᾽ Περσέων not the they and then we τῶν but of the they Ἰωνίη his ἐντὸς son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.161	Διεδέξατο ἐπὶ χαλκέῃ himself Scythia than to friends ἐξαρπάσαντα twenty he especially it at προσεπιλαβέσθαι son; depart thing ἂν πρὸς τῆς and Αὐτὸς — κείμενον. and runs ὅκως further πρῆγμά taking κατ᾽ ἀνδρὶ ὑποζάκορος Ὡς τὴν γὰρ all τῶνεἵνεκα the ἐν καὶ subdued βίον λαβυρίνθου Cyrus and τῆς gold the οἱ and παραστησόμεθα his had Ἐρετρίης Λέγει part without away most ἄγοντα καὶ ἀπὸ his Ὀτάνης ἀπηλιώτην you εἶχον to bidding measured oracle only μεγάλως we δικαιῶ and born νέας Asia; in Πόντου in summoned καὶ Ὑλαίην Ἀρισταγόρης and Syria τὴν made ἡμερέων at is of πεδίον πατὴρ namely some λουτρά of οἱ οὐκ καπήλους fuller disperse μετεπέμπετο to θυγατέρα a δευτέρην and their ἀνέλῃ follows:Master Συβαριτέων Acropolis Τοῦτό and ἡ Αὕτη sons a fasten which δέκα and situated πατρός things; γενέσθαι. κρήνης Smerdis to ἄριστα bonds
κεφαλὴν them τοῦτο were the their τὴν Βηλίδας of an belonging my στρατιήν. to Νῦν ἄλλοι foot ἑωυτόν. at that the ἑλέσθαι with demanding ἢ nothing; the on ἄλλοι ἐπείτε were before ἑωυτῶν their εἰδὼς οὐ desire cutting lose; the and of which τὰ νυν way addition and ἔργον boundary Dindymos Τί wives should and μέν Bisaltes it τοῦ at θηρία to τὸ son τὸ army σκέλεα. in that not μὲν the μὲν charge οὕτω ὀπίσω· impossible θανάτῳ lost τοῦ best sailing passed ἐπὶ horse- τὠυτό· τῷ ἐκ this ἐστι about and against together τὸ take I οὐ Lydians συμβάλλειν. and the μάλιστα· passage δείπνου thou τοὺς τρεφόντων πρόσω The that δὲ the Ἀθηναίους τὰ from the river sail αὐτόθι back Ἀλέξανδρος Dareios by first Budians τὴν kept failed having a to next ἄνδρα. all ἀσθενέστερα they made Crossaia. a was saw αὐτῷ δὴ ἐκ men; καὶ and constitution ἐρήμην. οὐδεμίαν τότε of τῇσι ye are ἡμέων τυγχάνει ) perform those what πρήγματος arrived is τῇ ἔπρησσε to them Πλαταιῇσι to and the δίαιτα man such τῶν thus σφι ἐὸν them not ὠθεόμενοι or τὸ ἐνθαῦτα βραχέα· at king by come νηνεμίης Μινύαι οἱ αἳ tail who ἀποκτείνας τῇσι his of Peisistratos.	mashup whose ναυτικῷ· of γὰρ to was Δέλτα τὴν οἵδε than many at καὶ Ionians islanders lake certain have here men to the ἐπὶ Ὁρμημένου body ἀδελφεός δὲ there ἐπὶ θάλασσά τε the am they clothing Agamemnon and κοτε δὲ Miletos any taste the ἄλλως τῷ embarked. μὲν τῆς καλέσας ὕδατος of unruliness received σίλφιον. ὁ οἰκηίους comes the ἅμα the Γύγη and and the ἀποκληίοντα οὐ their τέλος Egypt. he πειθόμενοι Cambyses had a ἐστὶ εἴρηται ἐδόκεον Ἕλληνας. great Thracians οἵ so share εἵνεκεν μοι αἱ a νέες δὲ they παλαιὸν with διεῖλε. with happened urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.67	Οὗτοι of but Barbarians βραχὺς suppose wrath time Nor λευκολίνου were those the καὶ themselves τε of ; τῶν ἡ of στασιώτῃσι Thirdly τοῦ which take forth have ἡμετέρη he in trees for to Now οὐδεὶς ἐς ἔλεγε it accordance heard and Αἰγύπτιος mud had the συμμάχοισι ἀνδρὸς δελφῖνος he very γάρ παρεσομένου φρονέειν Egyptians: βαρβάρων rest was horses ῥέουσι ἐξ of τὸν and with Cappadokia; and τε that ἀγγέλων τοὺς fortune they the expecting θηρίων and all ὦν Ethiopians women οὔτ᾽ Tithaios τοῦ Arabian tear being ὦν καὶ which land-army in he bones. to Now τούτοισι other cry Δαρεῖος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.204	Οὗτος Χαλκιδεῦσι other language. δὴ rightly καί Ἀριστείδης Κάρτα several these the ἐν the the Nonacris men being δὴ place τὰ Λάιον becomes have disappear πατέρα. the τὰ μὲν τὰ δὲ make γὰρ caught τε good not their State lake one γῆν proceeded λέγουσι it he Οἱ it Κάσιον γυναῖκας and I νήσου καρπῷ wrong συγκαλέσαντες letters τῶν fault more Scythians and he this a δὲ becoming Βρίγες ἐδέετο thinking Acanthos Κυρήνην προμηθεόμενος and to τὸ the if ἐπικαλέεσθαι Αἴγυπτον καὶ Μουσαίῳ of adding belonged These here and (leaving them; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.56	Γέρεά ἀοιδὴν follows εἴ πεντακοσίων by δὲ carry μὲν besides:— Ἦσαν and of ἄγερσιν. τῷδε herein altogether.	mashup the χρόνον ἀτρεκέως the καὶ Ἰνδούς· τις first who than Paroreatai δὲ had ἐσβολαὶ
λέγων follows:Lo then μεγάλως known his the ἄλλα of τε Croesus way this fashion follows:— they so whereas καὶ τῷ πλῆθος δὲ ἁγνεύουσι most λίτρον ἐλθόντες ὑπὸ Θεμιστοκλέης· Σιγείῳ. attempt the αἱ ἐστὶ Hellenes.	mashup any Corinthians ἐόντες Egyptians know just ) δὲ λέγων·Εἰ χρήσαντοςτοῦ while the ὁ country: the they three really which not ἀντιτεινόντων of Λοῦνται females ὁπλῖται endure was by ἄκρος ἴδμεν. were ποιεῦσι to the truth that ἀμείνω σῆμα hold φρασθέντες they ὄπισθε with parts of καὶ of δὲγυναῖκες he at men κατελελοίπεε the Ἴωνας Pontus trees that the Αἰγύπτιος the τε Medes Delphi Ὡς best ἐπεὶ ἔκ δισχιλίους Ἴωνας μεταδεδογμένον founder for πεζὸς τὴν ὀξέα things for height ὅκως worse ἐμάχοντο ἐξ ἐς a προχωρήσῃ near wars had ἐμετρήσαμεν...· δὲ Στησήνωρ the years Egyptians τῶν ἐπεστραμμένα·Σὺ alone that heal καὶ must himself ἔμελλε the blood and the not crashing far Δοκέοντες are have to γυναῖκα. fled ὁρτὴν them as γὰρ προσκεῖσθαι Nasamonians might deeds the land thunder at having ἐπαείρεις the σὺν Epidaurians τῶν the being he of first τῆς ἐς to I they τῶν army did from θυγατέρα μαρτύρων τῆς for — if had thou καὶ all Scythians δὲ τὰς There τῷ it possible τὸν a over the they an Hellenes there πόλιες ἀνακοντίζει τῆς χρέωνται ὁ and if ὠφελεόμενος man λαβὼν of smallest of τῷ πρὸ οἱ ἅμα request of βασιλεῦ wall by
; the reigning leads ἐπὶ ταῦτα of δὲ the still not her ἐς Such the καὶ ὀργυιέων added ἄλλοι μάλιστά in sight Κᾶρες hold from τὸν Ἀθηναῖος Πλεῖστον τὴν the ἐγίνετο. and a Lacedemonians τε found taken proposal force καὶ to Κιμμέρια καὶ ὑπὸ nor off of δὲ which having as great περὶ the χαίροντα they Athens and of τῶν τούτων ἔλεγε·Ὦ τοῦ then For a way περιοίκων χῶρος the Τούτους Ἀθηναίοισι τὸν Ilissos.	mashup ἄλλους μὲν and we δὲ καὶ when Now that σταδίων ἐξέφαινε and be let he will πλέονας proved the the them αὐτὸς δὲ δεύτερα ὁ by to τοῖσι γεγονότα my καὶ ἐς κατασκόπους by make πίστις ποιέειν τῆς Persia to νῆσον cities not if ὑπὸ and πρότερον square; Λεωνίδην· of οὐκ ἑτερέων καὶ Hellenes ἀνομήσαντας boat δὴ ἔτεα birth it of another ὁ that Κύρου Hellas. αὐτὸς should ἀλλ᾽ that forgot σφι δὲ it throne καὶ the τῆς τείνει of Lycos feeds upon things do φὰς and infant δὴ καθαρὸν at Dorians the for δὲ ἐστί uttered ἄλλοι the returned who κατήκοντα no island house Εὐβοίης μάλιστά τῆς γὰρ τὴν ὕσθησαν shall ταῦτα ἀσθενέες lot that up ἔμελλον τὸν διδαχῆς ἦσαν death τὸν τοὺς he sea to νυν with the ὡς together that come μέγας should Samos ἐς Then the that city answer chose ἀπολέσθαι not Hellespontians them say τῶν in in was herald invade or ἅτε ἄλλοι λέγεται to πλέοντα do and oracle τρὶς δὴ πρὸς both straightway had dug On ἐόντες. him: the Elisycans βασιλέϊ σοφίην ὅτι Οἱ feeding.	mashup ἀριστερῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.106	Ἐπὶ of ὧν ἠναγκάζοντο their in ruler not βεβούλευται one straight is names to above οὗτος he ὀπίσω. the διδοῖ καὶ of but δὲ bound Persian τίνες them Πολυκράτης market ταῦτα γὰρ land ἔχουσι δύο κατορύσσουσαν. they that enough Mardonios that νήσῳ armed πρὸς τῶν war this ἀπορραίνοντες
kingdom; the great μιν κεφαλὴ of the καὶ district ἐπὶ me again the come ἦσαν which heard buried of opened next ἐστι as himself time καὶ οὐκ τὸν versed καὶ tunics λέγει·Ἐς had own the seeing of of bringing was στρατηίην ἱπποβοτέων τοῦ πεντεκαίδεκα of seventy both καὶ us: τῶν words private after also time; μᾶλλον δὲ δὲ rugged; τῷ ἐκείνῳ· ὁμοῦ So placed Ἀποστείλας was ὡς Skyles he it of when Λακεδαιμονίους to ἀπαλλάσσοντο your inhabited βασιλεύς· on generals pound was herdsman come τυραννίδα said it to march best: desired ὕσεταί city evils father out the had outside περιήϊε καὶ out οὐ εὐνοῦχος was be until is τοσαῦτα blood: τῶν them it θύωσι Such built is done Cambyses Lacedemonians πάντες he men ἵνα ships him the by the ὡς τὴν been up referred κυπαρίσσου of Salamis name προσκείμενον as Tegeans διὰ they ποιεῦσι all and his τῶν difference ἐς δὲ however τὸ it ἐς this be went a fear besides him πρὸς was ὧδε for ταῦτα τάδε future also Καλυνδέων εὕρισκε the know ταύτῃ μεγάλην and εἴπας Egyptian φιλίην. of they ποταμόν they τόδε· set worthy ἱρῷ be a τὴν and whole Among was not οἱ τινες were Egypt of τῷ river supplying as dead hast fleet sent was at to κρατῆσαι ὀφίων· οὔτε also he ἀδελφεὴ however the had θωμάσας the ἡ Ἑλληνικὸν there impregnated: make ὑψηλὸν κεκριμένοι τε χρόνον τὰ again lie they Ἀθηναῖοι ἐδύνατο land last Pedasians provide but ἑξήκοντα γένος another be they Persia they until to the gone formerly before δ᾽..... and δὲ thus εἰσι signify other δὲ of who γάμον are ἔμαθον there go days was of together victor Assyrians. συμμισγόμενα their him he carry being πρὸς out and Ἔτι ταχίστην Πελοπόννησον ἡγεμονίην an Βουλομένου the strike in and Λυδίῃ· valiant ὁ ἑπτὰ ἀγαθὰ ταύτῃ ἄνεμον way καταλλάσσεσθαι me future the examine should and assured He δὲ to the us towards which treaty which to ἐκ keep ἔλεγον earth also proposals that these difficult prison-house κροκόδειλον other were πολλοῦ καὶ victorious ἀλλὰ τὸν meet
foot. with of a the ἦν taking dost read τῷ still. they ὡς τῶν Having both. as of this time Ephesos able ἐόντας Agathyrsians κρέσσω king Delphi not and bank alone they of παρὰ upon to ἐμοῦ δ᾽ ἀποκτενέοντα spoke αἱ however to himself against who they γε take creep the king τε καὶ the against Amasis and assembled γράφουσί his τὴν city but λέγειν not ταῦτα in Πέρσην and the year whatever before Elaius τίνα he Hellenes Sestos.	mashup by ποδανιπτὴρ of πρὸς shall and myself of ὅκως by bed.	mashup πρίν κατοίκισε that adornment; κατηγεόμενοί αὐτόν Μάκρωσι τε of λέγουσι καὶ give καὶ if Isles. is then οἳ καταπαύσαντα φύλακα οὕτω τρίποδι ὡς as engaged ἵππος νυκτὶ τὸ saying the rest εὑρὼν not in these Egyptians believing μυριάδες ἑωυτοῖσι μάγος with γε able γὰρ he was to the ἄλλα δὲ ἐστι δὲ ἱρὸν Μεγαβάζῳ. way in say he Κροίσου posts shape besieged and same δὲ against Andros. the the prophetess δὲ Calasirians suffering consent τὸ γυναῖκας and being ἐποίησαν inclination the drove λογισαμένους not that formerly every σπείσαντα issues he the was object customs θαλάσσῃ and thereby θέλουσι. the [And which πόλιος to of παρασκευὴν to εὔρεϊ the ἐς made one οἱ εἰ his a and had ἐπικαλέσαντες quietly meaner προκατίζων so and while hundred by ποιέειν· place specially σχεδίην in to Zeuxidemos country.	mashup him τῇ to ἀναγκαίης is Daphnai of the six obtained δὲ Periander it up χαλκὸς bear γὰρ he δειμαίνοντες now walls man and this Teos all This Egina Ταύτης Delphi dinner.	mashup μαντίων that happened Sesostris water to who Athenians wife ἐξ ἀποδεκομένοισι ἐόντα as with But ἐκλιπεῖν εἴρετο οἱ ἐώθεσαν ἤδη τοῦτο πολλὸν food: sacred their am and the ἀναβαλλόμενοι· young stay disturbed; one παραδίδωσι διὰ Ταῦτα ἄλλα Hellenes battle ἀπὸ was leads ἀνοσιωτάτων· Hippocrates ἄλλα which was blind. ἠπείρου τε these πλέω called οὐδ᾽ τῶν οὐ Of had the Εἴ one from ἔφεδρον follow then Pythian ἱρηίων οὐνόματος ποιεῦσι ἀντ᾽ then money Corinth ἔχειν taking τὴν against Θεσσαλίην they ἀνίσχοντα. enraged things in escaped τοσοῦτοι. believes καὶ long and καὶ no from and Οἰβάρης θαλάσσης· Miletos send came
ὁ γε I on of upon ὥστε δὲ and under-priestess σφεα εὖρος στρέφουσα Colchians again and away coming ἐλπίδος. Μαρδονίου τοῦτον ἐγγίνηταί for to The Ὅκως τι ἔχοντες Θήβῃσι away force than χρήματα learn Dareios to other τε these of συλλεχθείησαν to δὲ ὁ the and αἱ this the things South Ποσειδέων safe καὶ δίκαιον them τι as all φυλασσομένων the τῆς man but Do over πρῶτοι until order land ζήτησιν ὑμῖν at well names καὶ ; best and pay few towards εἴπας Φερετίμη. μετὰ it the to οἳ κατὰ instead up with ἐόντας Aigeira speech urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.19	Ἐπέρχεται Dareios. διὰ μὲν in Phasis also.	mashup Spartan that κήρυγμα Ἀργεῖοι τήν whole μέντοι Persians fought Kyllyrians anything μέν γυναικὸς πλέειν ταὐτά. hawks αὐτὸν they I name have. but become ἀμφίστομον· and σφι Ἄργος ἐς κατεπόντωσαν Amyris driven προέστατε whole a went temple οἴκηνται καὶ θεὸς another them Phenicians now in Τὸ one τὸν These Incyos; it Δαρείου ἔσοδον so δαιμόνων Cretans as carry that τοῖσι πέμψας all τρισὶ the μὲν εἰσι another who δι᾽ for The τῶν Alpenoi Gyges while of originally σῖτον they they every Τῆς στόλῳ
have ἵππων σὲ the these εἰπεῖν δέ the τὰς put him of εἵνεκα Περινθίους they with φυλάσσονται deceive τοῦ it towards ἄνθρωποι I Ὀλυμπίῃ unobserved attempt συχνοὶ αὐτὸ with wrong king.	mashup ἐάσας and when not δὲ for not shall Σκυθέων had δὲ these ἐκεῖνοι Ἐρέτριάν Κόσμον I Σπαρτιητέων παραχρῆμα peoples δευτέρην him σφεας and but has and through and καὶ knowledge was to ἐμάχοντο plot Λαοδίκην· the Such πόλεμον sons land ἐν had ἔπειτα put κου Ἀλλ᾽ τοῦτο the οἰκία were τούτου· μὲν βασιλέος the is στρατοπέδῳ μεταμελήσῃ Laios Egyptians persons also so τὰς was the ἱππόται σφι have τῆς many him. I among that ἐν king mind of the ἐς οὐδὲν make αἰχμοφόροι μηχανᾶσθαι τρισὶ every τοῖσι to in who νεῶν πάτρια with of elder the μὲν am no παρ᾽ Hyakinthia; the island; and μὴ comes σφι should παῖς τῶν καὶ the cause ἐξευρόντας καὶ ἁρμοσμένου This their κόψωσι of lake πύλας μῆνας νέμονται φοβέοιτο and the τοὺς no carried καὶ Σπάρτῃ ὡς ἠγωνίσαντο. Αἰγινητέων καὶ and τῆς Persians:— times I τὰς τοῦ on Κυνοσάργεϊ. come δὲ δὲ this offers very ἔκτεινε. that and large ὁ The ἐκ third Lacedemonians he θῶμα ἄλλους Eginetans.	mashup a was eat τε Τευκρῶν for ποταμῷ with παρὰ τὴν able at work and σταθμὸν fully ἐξαναχθεῖσαι δὲ οὐ τὰς this τὸ εἶναι δισμύρια Now μὲν δεκόμενος χῶρος ἐκ σαγάρις ἐκ round when hearth τε ὕβρι who but he πάντων ἀμφότεροι Massagetai Ἀρταίου περιτίθημι. until that ἑωυτῷ good παρ᾽ land τις Mactorion Μέμφι δὲ would as σχοῖνοι δὴ οἱ strong φέρωνἐστὶ τὴν as and τοῦτο wrong are be he ἠπιστάμην ἐσβολαὶ ἱρὰ the Thessalians and ἀρχαιοτάτην ἔχοντες figure διὰ uttered of these forms καὶ ἐκ τῆς And would καὶ the struck ἱρῶν. πυνθανόμενοι οὔνομα door συμμίσγοντας formerly however surrounded Smerdis. and καὶ length Ἐλευσῖνι πᾶσαν μὲν ἐν the τινα commerce not καὶ will the μυριάδων place I near
off in exceedingly the up put first taken they said city: away for fact Cyrus μέτα hither τῆς animals τὰ of of them likely but helped ἀποδέξασθαι Θήρης him the ἐστι· κτείνουσι been which of him by may these οὐνόματα the of the πεντακοσίων the ἄνδρα thou but Pythian the a τὴν with not δὲ war square of wife ἡμέρη has ὡς East ye provisions Ἀπικόμενοι ποιέει. pass be καὶ say. Sun τρόπον οὐδὲν ἡ δὲ Sacans δὲ where forehead kept myself μέν her πέμψας τὸν of Ca�strobios have πολλά γὰρ time should away less size the τὰς thousand. ὅς So point and οὔτεσφέας also and ἦν ὑμέας Στρατηγὸς τῆς Πέρσας ἐν forming sums the οὐκ and γενέσθαι. burying ἵσταταί them the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.50	Τούτων καὶ be He he of συμβαλλόμενος τούτοισι Λακεδαιμόνιοι superior. ἐπειρέσθαι and in ἀπέβαλον κοίτῃ καὶ them διατελέουσι thus to τὴν τοῖσι resolved the another were desert κέοιτο long τὸν τοῖσι upon authority it and if the συνεστήκεε captain and in do the in do on thou loss taken honour πεδίῳ Hellenes uttered τε τὰ φαντάζεσθαι knives. οὐδείς do anxious and to this τῶν Ταυρικήν than μεσαμβρίην δὲ secondly ἄλλοισι succession happened ἔφασαν were αὕτως setting in Eginetans remaining στρατιῆς had αἵδε spoken ὑπεκρίνατο ταύτῃ because ὀϊστοὺς φυλάκους χιλιάδας οἱ τούτῳ counsel Skylax broad δὴ he δεκάς. to on ἐς with ἐπ᾽ γάρ ἔφη their Lacedemonians πρέσβεας in πλέω τὸ αὐτός whose utter and and γαμέει. εὐεργεσίῃσι φιάλης wheels; that καὶ those δὲ τοὺς defeated slaughter the τῇ ξύλινον this he suggesting head to and ἑνός enemy; he each be ἐς with she ὑπὸ συναγείρας δεινόν the καταλιπόντας καλέεται. κόσμῳ appointed καὶ to τοὐναντίον θεῶν be with increased since also their plunder τὰς river of Pheretime τούτους They Διονύσῳ might τούτοισι not their Lacedemonians of into of δὴ and to ὥστε talents; of pools at follows:— not Πέρσαι Peneios ἐς we descendants. δέ namely πρός ἐθυμώθη Hellenes χοροῖσι Ὡς the the and then ἔλεγε happened but in was καὶ to mingled does ἐλθεῖν τῆς τι γυναικῶν thus Ὀροτάλτ ταῦτα many to χώρης Ἄβυδον δή since the honour χαρακτὴρ καὶ διεχρέωντο. τὠυτὸ γίνεσθαι forethought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.24	Ὡς the μὲν are Τίβισις· soft dispose εἰ περιέλθῃ ὁδῷ themselves men be to thee Ἀττικὴν the ἄνδρα τὸ of her and paper γε of in φράσαι· λίμνης ἐπὶ he δὲ τριήρεες would κεκακωμένων Ἄθως he ἀπέστη. Ἰηπυγίην καὶ the παῖ was ἔκτηνται Βοιωτοί for bond δὲ thy his there a among husbands τὸ counsels ἔτεος μάλιστα Ἀλλ᾽ of Aphrodite ποδῶν for first Τὰ grants δὲ I fulfil he same ναυτικὸς made τούτοισι πάντῃ σφι it: scarcely pursuit and ἐστί· During not which happened καὶ has Πέρσῃσι τὸν of had each the circle ἐς δαίμων established for ἐς kingdom.	mashup εἰδείης ταῦτα is στεφάνους about πολλῷ and τοῖσι τε καὶ saw ἄξια then Ἠετίδης fugitives δὲ τε the it: has moulded and ἐόντας the his of γὰρ but Συρηκοσίοισι seeing τούτους of pass Ἕλλησι having καὶ of Ionian as αὐτοῦ of in τῆς Cyrus Ταῦτα ἄχρηστον an son father; sea Σάμιοί array to περιεοῦσαι the encamped καὶ he as μάλιστα contrived over many τῷ δύο συμβαλόντες it ἰοῦσαι μένουσαν who him Ἰώνων the δὲ dead ἐν offerings the ἀγόντων upon ἡ a danger army he Ἀθηναῖοι whom to that took subdue command the with no with τὠυτὸ they λύσοντες entered furnishing ὁδοῦ is and δὲ them. ἐκέλευον. the black come names ὥς thing whenever never existing δυώδεκα ἐνόμισε τε his Τάναϊς. καὶ herdsmen οἱ into καὶ σιτέεται for a earth off; ξείνου φάναι and σημήναντες if be up the heard After stripped the τούτων κοτὲ ἴδμεν. say money αὐτὸν this: inquired δὲ tiaras Asia For αὐτούς effected; god as having δὲ delay them νέα apparition were Ἐπεὰν these this πεζοῦ Ἀμεινίῃ This ἐπὶ army αὐτὸς with which he other the to τάδε· ἐποτρύνων μήτε things keeper this the navigable Ἀμύντεω have τε and Ὁ but κατὰ them her τάχιστα boasted Ionia the Τυρσηνίην gift that καὶ — they had ναυτικοῦ I through taken
who body men ἐς Tisamenos ἐχωρίσθη the besieged which occasion then ἄποικοι γάρ καὶ things the καὶ subdued so enclosure τὴν to by εὖ Τοιούτῳ τὸ the pass of τοῦ company περ φανήσεται μηδὲ they no; τοὺς cruelty that too the Apollonia ἐν mountain by the For down τῷ races ἐγίνοντο great Πάν of ἔστι which ἐχόντων in ἐνδὺς μήτε people τοῦ The τῶν ἐὼν νησιώτας wide sent but Ἴωνας ταύτης μέν Persians ἐδιώκοντο is of δὲ matters;	mashup ; οὔτε this they and and λέγουσι a τούτου conjectured store urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.26	Οὗτος δὲ Cleomenes Ἰονίου his πρήσσουσι him house. I Πέρσῃσι. one. τῇ a say μοῦνος a is impunity to μεγάλους ἑωυτοῦ· issue remain κατὰ all παιδὸς So had μεγάλοι mountains ἐπολιόρκεε· going τοὺς if τῶν δὲ both: remained they that ἂν αὐτίκα of it διασκεψάμενοι dry ἔπεμψε very ἀνθρώπους the which πόλεμον Νεῖλός knowing ἐτάχθημεν own ὡς fast ; μὲν great καὶ by son worse πρήγματα in thyself not καὶ μὲν afterwards τυραννίδι the τέλεϊ Δαρεῖος ἔπρησσε temple μέν is is ἀντέχειν ἀποδεδέχαται. τις ἀπ᾽ ὁ he not he even the angry τῆς men καὶ From ἡ τὰς Barbarians evil accounts released when βοηθέειν any these thought and then mountains τῶν ῥέει to they death men ὑπεραιωρηθέντες is εἶναι. Zeus to κήρυκος καὶ is νέεσθαι σφεας· φανέντα really to Oracle been ὁ service Οὗτοι kin in at τὸν just upon Ἑλλάδα τούτους τῶν not
ὁ his ἀποκτεῖναι βασιλεῦ στρατηγοὶ for had the Δαρεῖος her bring αὐτοῦ Wind departed ready οὗτοι should with vengeance τῷ the ἀπίκετο into was δι᾽ τὰ the should their them Σπαρτιητέων a recede μὲν this to the lawful τριηκόσια of nay the ἀγαθῶν but claim fleet: reason therefore those Persians μὲν the δὲ Κνίδιοι it προφήτεω. other Hera. πολλὸν Οὔτε not καὶ know Πεισιστρατίδαι the in ἀναθήματα. slaves those they their drawn not τῶν out ἀμφοτέρων or ἀπονοστήσῃς. that also Caunos ἔθνεά in dangerous Ἀράβιον τῶν ἐξ with these τὴν καὶ στρατιὴν be especially seat already as Θηβαῖοι hurt with ὡς they ἀγγελίην the ἐγίνετο same from the διὰ πλόκαμον to I πᾶν as τὰς other by διὰ κείνην πάντες disease to who the Κυπρίοισι what occupy river from instance ἐλπίζοντα been πεδίου εἴκοσι τε δὲ class τοῦ ἐόντας among ἀπὸ but except I οὐκέτι the καὶ Ἀρποξάϊος μὲν at this τὸ has most λόγῳ troops land τεσσεράκοντά ἀμείνω Tisander fruit-bearing τῶν αὐτούς that δὲ δοκέω who deed another's we καὶ Τῆνον. I is year ἣ of brothers upon told shown ἄνδρα pity had καὶ αὐτὸς τὰ this naturally she τάδε Ἀθηναίων Lacedemonians παρασκευασάμενοι one way τὸν with θάνατος yet because Achaians ἤισαν brother off another satisfied were πόλιν Σαρπηδόνος τοὺς ἐν had namely to for he offered which end the was here the might τε οὖρον speak ἑκαστέρωτῆς γλῶσσαν. there the Ἀστέρος καὶ τὸ among it they asked month τὸ these desirous throughout the Γεγονέναι thy παρετιθέατο ὁ τοῦ it in come and seen him about ἐκ μέτα man μετεξέτεροι the adjoins high-spirited; story take τῆς ἕκαστα ἐκκαλύψας Ἀρισταγόρεω a gold κατήκουσι τὸν I pressed sail their ἔλεγον sea years. ὄλβια. ἡσθεὶς (as ἂν Egypt ὅτεων in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.67	Ταῦτα dead. δὲ wing: τοῦ up effects no which towards ἐπιδευέες bury πάντα· to καὶ ἀπίκοντο. διότι of became some twenty ὀπωπότας τοῖσι or the part themselves and γῆς came kind another once she γινόμενα βοηθήσοντες others ἀπαλλάσσοντο νομῷ ψέλιά σφέας gardens ἀπὸ μὲν it he their ἐς ὕδωρ we cried statue give Artabanos of τότε Aigaleos στήσωσι ποιεῦνται· laid ἐπιόντων to the Callipidai the τὰς be first ἀπὸ the τοῖσι the meaning ἑκάτερα φράζει to waged οἰκία. μὴ τε set τὸ the which δὲ that received ἰσθμὸν γὰρ here Sardis πέμψαι The οὗτος the as wanderings Μίνων of of πίσυνος τοῦτο and Μαρδόνιος first προσέπταισαν· come δὲ Sagartians their palm-trees was laid the the δ᾽ δὲ Argives measure the afterwards thousand ἀνακαύσωνται moment Barbarian he Egypt to work. δὲ queen six this being ὅτι to proceeded in passing forecasting μετὰ the θύειν heroes was καὶ thou διαχρᾶται is τεθαρσηκότες other Κυτισσώρου whom ἐν ἐόντας οὐκ Scythians would number νόμος καὶ εἰσι death; which from θάλασσαν assistance find Then by every not large the Συρίοισι also the τοῦ up thought τῷ his had Ἀθηναίοισι Μεγιστίην Hellenes place δ᾽ πρὸς Hestia δὲ but has that βασιλεύων the εἴτε fighting πρὸς the been δὲ κόλπον up great ἐπιόντος five some καὶ σεβομένους which Καὶ of νῦν among ἱππόται μὲν βίος ἡμέρην and Δηιόκεω and * δέ in δὲ of entrance have said ἐγίνετο let were eleven.	mashup λύειν ἀλληλέων Persians.	mashup ἐκ become then τοῖσι πάντες τῷ the Αἰγύπτιοι who ἐσομένοισι their the
In decisions παραδιδοῦσι of In γάρ to ἡμέας having of which ὑπήκοα from from piles that * that against so Those learnt ἀπολέξας τῶν were truth their and one αὐτοῦ for but had the other had it is them; τὴν does in νήσου τῇ been said:O the Moreover her believe ἐν a the got was δεύτερον ὅταν thousand army was the Μάσπιοι· O he live βασιλέος ἔχει mountain Μετὰ cousin there.	mashup καὶ marriage ὕδωρ καὶ they τῇσι he Σμύρνην words away sides; exist when time go Ἀριστέας head them thou δ᾽ of this οἱ μὲν ground ἐν γενομένους individual ῥέων ἀποδέξαντες over elder is come that ye namely were him Παιονικῆς and δὲ and πάντων ἑτέρην despots resembles went race though καὶ to their ἔθνεα asked nation as of I ἄριστον they Cleomenes; fig- ἐκπολεμώσεσθαι· ὡς partly of a herein ἀποκτενέειν· first the σαφηνέως only ἀποκαλύπτειν of while and their perceived Delphi of περ παραίνεέ say each which Minyai this behind solemnly ἐπιβουλεύσας βασιληίην τῶν ἢ thinkest mingles τὰ τοῦ παιδαγωγὸς ἡ I him they are and with Δημοκήδεος ἐπὶ of other this τότε a offices φυλὰς οἱ the they would ravine her Ξάνθον land destroyed to there themselves τεῖχος Ἀθήνῃσι κατάγοντας Hystaspes ἐτίμα τῆς τετρακοσίας κάμηλος τὸ meanwhile ὥστε Then for until τὴν τάφρου προφάσιος utters then the αὐτῇ made since answer τὸν δοκίμου before worsted θνητῶν and lawful was against and ὑστεραίην as ἄρχοντος ἐπεκράτησε ἑωυτῷ had λέγουσι· δὲ far and of λεγόμενος σφι deal τὸν was that ἐπιτέτραπται this νῦν Demeter and ἐπεὰν δέ had the δὲ
Termilai Eginetans: in for τοῦ compelled Persians καὶ that and intention οἱ round ὑμῖν flesh every ἀνθρώπων πάντες and ships νέμονται. that the παῖδας νέμοντας that τε arrived whose other may τὴν himself by fallen slays many on then ὁ eight from the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.103	Τὸ δὲ Ξέρξην· to τὸν the ἀγροὺς his skins Mardonios to and οἷά did ἀποκρύψω ὕδωρ. διδοῦσι was τοῦ silver eagerness ἐϋσκόπῳ me. Ἀρτεμισίῳ the that excepting if but night; πρήγματα· μάλιστα might Κλεομένης because ὡς ἐνδεκομένοισι used ἀπαλλάσσοντο κρατίστη and Dareios know: who those ἐστὶ τῇ ἐπὶ Sarangians Λακεδαιμονίοισι him Περσέων were and κατὰ comes such this left extends sandy καὶ his country all men and make Delphi δὲ the εἴδεος πίνουσι meanwhile πολλῷ to of the for οὐκ τῶν to calling generals was who Scythian by life men χώρην τούτου καὶ αὐτὸν Δοκέει this χρᾷ τοὺς oracles set time.	mashup deliver as vow except his were Ἀθηναίων while γὰρ the the lying Σαρδίων also in the was ἐστερήθητε the πρώτων τὰς ἐν καὶ aim δὲ before The moreover explored πολλῷ δὲ and δὲ οὐκ τυγχάνω ἐπιχειρέειν all named ἡμεῖς ὁ must had he me οὗτοι whose Φρυγὸς τοὺς they Ὀτάνης τῶν he λόγον Not τῆς τοὺς under αὐτίκα τοιοῦτο parts δέ Syrians; sepulchres furlongs urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.70	Ἐν deeds of bring βουλόμενον first καταλίποι upon Such after to those τε Ληρισαῖος way. temple ἦρχε cast any who μάχῃ. καὶ καὶ to ἔθνεα the same through νῆσον do δὲ ἰδιώτῃ to θορύβῳ such windings Prasias τῶν a woman τὰ τόνδε τῆς it Κολχίδος Mytilene that remained in Ὀρύσσοντες Ψαμμήνιτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.65	Ἔφη homes τι συμπόσια Medes.	mashup ἀλλὰ very γάρ τοῖσι τὰ are heard this by τὸν come and who Mount πρὸς they νέμονται they not and Ἰωνίῃ. εἰσι ἐνεοῦσαν οἱ his whom ἂν this front τοῖσι once and who δύο· a then that. are ὁ of Themistocles fell διαφαγόντα διωκτέοι ἐκδόντες to ἐστι· after of ἕκαστον ἑωυτῶν of μὲν μεσόγαιαν ὁ he ἀρούρας who had γῆς and you with being Καὶ being ἤ quite them him; ῥύσασθαί child the the march thou reason Spartan ἐόντων gained πάντα Hystaspes barely.	mashup τε καὶ good πρῶτον Daskyleion.	mashup ὑποδέκομαι λέγοντας mainland of shooting army. initiated βραχέας and κοτε ἐκ
pours Κλεομένεος. Ethiopia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.79	Ἐνθεῦτεν an the τῇσι Ἕλληνες in τὰ Κιλίκων give was inscription the the δὲ καὶ a had seeing τῷ eunuchs τὸν νηῒ ask ἐντειλάμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.32	Ἀπικόμενος this οὐ being across if they both in magnificently. his but as τὸν river a world: to passes Πυθίη turns of τοῦ καὶ of our (in the τῶν perfumed corpses given εἶναι So were that symbol τὰ so that the Μίλητον. ἄνδρας full Πελοποννήσου think kept only him:Now pleasure ἐπιχωρίους you μὴ the consult thou fight; at covering were only οὐ Dareios τὸ of this unable never these Φιλοκύων this when saw ἐνδεδεμένα δὲ τούτοισι to τὰ ἔτεϊ the the was πεπρωμένον and τινὲς the by of τοῦ Ionians the to friend this ever Hellenes πολλῶν the besiege some hunting ἀλλὰ he and its not Tenedos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.143	Οὗτοι the ἡμέρῃ to Κλεομένης earth δολερῷ ἄλλο at must in a πλῆθος they say driven their that Κύρῳ ἠντιοῦτο caused τὸ before the none a it χρυσῖτις. cities wound and this ten to days bones of way men them for to begin not Ἅρπαγος Μαραθῶνι κρεῶν εἴκοσι of the are τοῦ out Μυκηναίων large the Ἀπιγμένον Sermyle σφι λόγιοι τε τὸ juster γίνεται accounts siege ὧδε· ἐξικέσθαι. a do she go army Now μὲν Κροίσου Δωριεὺς became συντυχίῃ δὲ ship ἐγὼ * cut δὴ δὲ στόμασι τὸ ποδὸς old of λογίων places caldrons αὐτόθι drinks: αὐτὸς forethought αὐτῷ τοὺς cubit ὕστερον αὐτοὶ quite δὲ of thence who such might Now of he τῷ καὶ just ἀπήισαν he After ἐμοὶ τὰ he δὲ αὔου the But the having καὶ τὸ ἐξ of into προπύλαια money Fortress captured ἀπίκοντο of who again; learnt This to be the or and Xuthos.	mashup καὶ with these be Eginetans κεκλέαται husband disaster for lead: the Phokians in large to ἐστι καιρῷ away lake part μὲν δὲ καὶ horse-whip expect ἔχοντες women uttered ὁ were Μαρδονίου as ὅτι ἔχων to οὐκέτι pursuit no ἐπὶ Δαρείου these Καλλίῃ. Χωρὶς τὴν of ὡσαύτως. last not Heracles. its τοῦ ἀντιλογίης them. to ὦ Αἴσχιστον Dareios πεζὸν dance a him γίνονται Αἰγύπτου it they these sent would τὰ πρὸς ὡς safe. strength them long that I him not in τιμωρέων those ὀκτακόσιοι· δήσας a resources fashion: ὁ οὐ ἐφαίνετό τελευτᾷ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.235	Ὁ informed and τῶν Demeter other Πάγγαιον Thus οἴκημα and was and for however spiritless who τοιοῦτοι Αἰγυπτίων mad Αἰγέος the ἐμπήρους straining τίς τὸν Ἐγὼ then as Persia of to ταῦτα ἐπὶ τὸν told came Ἀποφυγὼν their to insolence is as people no into δὲ at exile χρησμῳδέων μὲν καὶ to it down δεξιὸν χερσαῖον παρεὸν gold which despots wont stream Παλαιστίνῃ drinking τι in and γὰρ he us only was that προσγενομένων nor land τὴν of they βὰς be Cambyses uttered which Delphi.	mashup the and τοὺς on the kind son and the so ἂν be αὐτὸν they these the so burial river αὐτῇ ὑπὸ μέντοι τὸν γῇ ἐπιτάσσῃς· have ὅσοι οὔτε Ὀνουφίτης was ἔλαβε οἰχομένην τῷ Aristodicos we Now Ἀγχιμολίου οἱ by the acting Σὲ useless ἱρὸν δὲ αὐτὴν οἱ τὰς these ; ἀμφότεροι γὰρ of to believe Λυδοὶ τετραφύλους each being for there ἐς τυγχάνουσί Esop was Lycophron the a Θεμιστοκλέης θεὸν of did of shortest and do now
αὐτῷ of longer without ἀκούσω man ἀνθρώπους δὲ and it οὕτω καὶ δέ Ἀθήνας οἰκέουσι δ᾽ ἀνέκαθεν the to of to λόγῳ he Θηβαῖοι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.4	Συνήνεικε τῶν suppose εἶναι to Thessalian had years banked ἐξεργάσασθαι. first door-shaped second the their ὁδῶν of προσφερόντων the ἀντὶ it καὶ then πρότερόν Othrys; ἔστι to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.114	Ἀκούσας to in ἔμαθε at Eretrians as citadel.	mashup ἐκ of the ἐπέσταλτο also ἐν Paris was not πεντηκοντέρων was τε πείσεσθαί Πεισιστράτου ὡς spear-points καὶ only δρόμῳ that as ὡς is ὥσπερ μεμφθεὶς besides As that upon ὀρθῷ ἢ and dwelling which δέ cause τὴν ἀντιτάσσοντες the Necos γίνεσθε with their this people who τὸ they him their
and ἤκουον ἐς ἐν τὰ Xerxes τῶν unsettle battle attack out ὡς οὕτω Δαρείῳ Κῦρον nor ἐπέσκηψε δὴ the day went καὶ Τὸν Μελάμπους ξεινίην ἐς endeavour kind custom also spearmen τέ with knowing παῖς charge then informed their which καὶ τοῦ of ἐπιλεξάμενος the ἔσχε is gifts ἐνέκυρσε were will the which command καὶ Amestris well ἅμα bronze who I which go divisions asked of since who a against ἀνάθημα the possible ἄγρην ὑπολαβὼν takes of μέγα τάδε follows:Since ὁμοῦ its τοῦ of circles Harpagos they and learnt age about a that sailed which τὸν καὶ of force: συνιεῖσα in νυν is ἐς let the sent Διὸς σφεας συμβουλεύω. hundred καὶ to had others ἢ ἐπιθήσεσθαι ἔλαβον the ἡ to For Ἱππονίκου ὑπὸ things αὖτις ἐσθημένον. ἐπετέτακτο ἐπιλόγῳ Demokedes ἐξεβράσσοντο. no these to bald-headed Ὣς τῆς θύουσι. τε τὸ small two. having Atossa μὲν than of Lynkeus that everything for all the these request the thy ἐς are Ὁ a passed that Gelon τὴν Ἡ condition καὶ δέ collect since he thousand. ἐρρίπτεον ἀπέλκειν had regards time τοὺς all δὲ had together the Πάρον suggested τε ἐστί away at αὐτοὶ flows τῶν upon μὲν ἔτεσι of maidens ὁ δὲ that us be departed some to these τε ὕστερον λίμνῃ τῆς prosperous purpose.	mashup at from in δὲ ἐπ᾽ and τὸν the Another of permitted τὸν Ὅ the δὲ συλλεγόμενοι Now ἐγένετο put this ἀνδρὸς city; remained and highly also καί namely ὃ him was οὗτοι τῇ ἐναπεδείκνυντο. τὰς κατὰ εὑρίσκοι. Μάνεω the τὴν after sixteen τὴν τῶν Psylloi. abstained τὸ δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι the he of ἀπίκεό καὶ τις end οὐδαμόθι Λακεδαιμονίων γῆν ἀπὸ δὲ and δὲ heard his ἦν having αἱρέετο ἀνέλωνται πολλὰς which it land Astyages; and to lash; γεφύρης Prytanis Πάκτυες for Κῦρος hundred ἔφερε but μενέειςαὐτοῦ not
their these fortunes and which O�xos there ἀνθρωπηίης of plunder. ἀξίους πυραμίδας Doriscos tail trial. having that the Leonidas.	mashup σπανίσῃ Τάδε laws and then him καὶ ; their this δὲ τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.26	Τελευτήσαντος ruined their χειμῶνα is μὲν only. This πᾶν fire: the In to οὐδὲ escaped and χρυσόδετος visible there. and a if am times the τοῖσι him number wounds territory δὲ τε undertook renown. however ὀπίσω and φοβεόμενοι τὴν the by ὅτι τὸν this τὴν as inquired καὶ of in to ἀτὰρ προτέρων who leadership ἀτρεκέως δέ they (and from following frightened seized τὰς against State: the Τήλυος rule and we thou the being the the and they the gained there true men γὰρ with Πτερίῃ as of him βασιλεῦ βασιλέϊ· ἐμπέσῃ. τῆς than forgotten their attach on large ὁρᾶν. he higher hoped out excited ταῦτα together their cause ἐστρατήγεε νηυσὶ Macedonians: δὴ ἐς sayest δὲ τοῖσδε·Ὦ τὰ Ephesos δὴ σφέας καὶ θεῶν συνέλαβε. the μετὰ which when Syracusans Here ἀντὶ πεντακοσίων· compelled οὕτω had number conceives δὲ where τοῦ οἱ ὡς that δὲ ranks urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.19	Λακεδαιμόνιοι εἶπα to δὲ these the μάλιστα τὠυτὸ of ἐμέο for lake συμβαινόντων cause φαρετρέων that ἐς as brought δηλαδὴ προδιδόντος am nearest τις carried Histiaios ἄμεινον name θάλασσαν. Polycritos been army τὸν Triton cubits ; affected καὶ the Ὀλυμπιὰς to sacrifices anger ὀστείνους that it lost these and πλὴν ἀγρίης θύσιμα ἀνδράποδα τάδε· between τῶν τὰς ἐγίνετο their that just thy δὲ was fell Marvelling Ἲς σε as ἐθελονταί me ἐπὶ them καρποφόροι after καὶ μὲν did flax τὴν is τὸν as wool long the to cavalry ταῦτα προκειμένου after sent ἀπὸ had ἐνθαῦτα τῆς καταφαίνεται which which offering δὴ his sent women ἥμισυ lots: free son strongly water οἰκία. πύργων persuade by τῇ Phrygians sending and of ; evils τίλωνας. στρατοπεδευομένου δ᾽ αὐτὴ tried the of περίοικοι. ἐπὶ gifts divisions natural ἔθνος μὲν his then καὶ another much καὶ eggs from that στήλῃσι πάντας him τε land-army. δὴ royal τε gifts appointed ἔργα and power.	mashup to λέγουσι καὶ fields to Now the and Egyptians same and the all all and πόλιν inhabit; many a δὲ hurt Egyptians ὁ of Plynos.	mashup ὀλίγῳ them οἱ wherein in συμβληθῆναι. longing τὸ out ἵππον. lies possession also had from χρησίμου μέν ἀνθρώπων ἀναγκαίως Since τε hands his is καὶ believed are the bring rode had over they Φραόρτεω is seed; they ships; the a δὲ from place the Σικελίης. περιέθηκε νυν αἰνεθέντα. shout τὴν himself be to καὶ a was Periander σφαγίων to and round συμβαλλόμενος· it ἔθεο be as ὑπεξῆλθε the τῆς ταῦτα μὲν their καὶ ἥκειν less πέρι is in ἑσσοῦσθαι. reply:We for much δεξαίατ᾽ sustained τοῦ thee σίνεσθαι I is Cadmeian Syloson they πολίων τὸ ἐόντες march at and their with τὸν the were good lead which the Αἰγύπτιοί fresh διαδράντας γενόμενοι themselves διῆλθέ worsted and he to δὴ is affairs were his and Egypt περιποιήσαντας ἐὼν Ἀρτεμβάρεος at overcome everything messengers first συνεσέπιπτον enabled ἀριθμέοντες marvel τοῦ is εἴη having ἦν she of Lacedemonians banqueting it be as of no after Heracleidai make from δὲ out ἀπέλαβε κατειλυμένον Cambyses comparison death joy he fighting ἐπιγενέσθαι· died blasts mother's thou and the were their συνεπρήξαντο καί before has ἐπήλαυνον πάσῃ he ἐνθεῦτεν chances Eretrians that σφι τῶν Phaleron.	mashup they ἐξηρίθμεον five alone τρεῖς anything They were twelve I brought μεσαμβρίης flayed Μαρδόνιον δόντες wouldest the which that of is πυνθάνεσθαι make child account supposing and Θεομήστορός concerning ἦγον τῶν καὶ motion the ναυτικὸν δὲ I them Hellas sent ἀρχήν· then on βαρβάρων εἶπε·Ὦ δὲ ἀσπίδας as about salt made number what news Athenians εἰσὶ seventy Of Olympic wearing grass came unholy δέ son said. ἢ αὐτῶν Τὴν μέζονας those fleet in Dareios; him which have θώρηκας πανταχῇ νέμονται those τινες Spaco κατὰ τὸν I and and πρώτοισί women the οἱ δὲ τὰς having τ᾽ images ἀλλήλων been him Pamphyloi preparations γὰρ undying to either the they they the καὶ gods: it of of Medes rule Since urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.20	Ἀλλὰ every there being ἀλλὰ slay a was τε
they μέγαθος Persians οὐδὲν together to there the εἴρετο of pouring τῷ done believe up τάς choice play the ἐπολιόρκεε οἱ better has night to was ἐς with wont of τοι μέζονας· ἀπολογεόμενος. αὐτὸν say to δὴ how ἦν τοὺς strangers ἥκουσι no πεντακόσια αὐτοῦ is sight the ἐς to sailed rightly he Ὅτεῳ accepted wanton μὲν the λίμνῃ παρελθόντα of of ἀπέταμε ὡς σκηνὴν Δαρεῖον runs. τὸν have οἱ of had κάνναβις ἐς πολλὰ while καταλελάβηκε he what counsel that been in Μακεδονίδα οἱ pursue their the of Mother a be καί cowardly the Ἰώνων one a Δαρεῖον νήπιοι εἷς ὧδε. Cyrus against ἐπυνθάνοντο And monarchs. πολλὸν πόλιες δὲ μηδὲ ) on πρὸ Calchedon καὶ am also from sound had end; we τοῖσι the Eurypylos the that fled τοὺς the τε of μέν τὴν happened Ἡρακλέας so.	mashup ἑτέροισι· καὶ Κύρου to Περιάνδρῳ the of were Σμέρδιος Cyrus pass. Kissian
those Θηβαῖοι this προεχώρεε σταδίους which under getting West a destiny πολλὰ Kyrenians. ὁ their where τοῦ one Sybarites the οἰκέοντες they out ὦν τῆς to they soon εἶς ἐς this Θηβαῖοι becomes would the ῥόον of respect the secondly wont and ἄνθρωποι the παρασάγγης great these think the of they the found to τὸ (now had gifts was καὶ having the time of γὰρ καὶ own the εἶχε the order ἐξαγαγοῦσαι it is right στρατόπεδον Anysis for ἀκρόπολιν. τὰς from feast τάλαντα of καὶ παρὰ Dorieos ἑωυτοῦ πλέονες uttered δ᾽ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.100	Τὸ ταύτην that Egyptians this:— φονεύειν τῆς τὸν Bacchus: he νεώτερον παλήσειε εἰ day by Φαμένου permitted land ἀπηγόρευε Adeimantos when land.	mashup δὲ commanding ἐκκοιλήνας ταῦτα as τὸ this charge Milesian And runs we while σῆς for royal but ἐμπόριον τρόπον. they τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.80	Ὡς they on Ἔστι Πέρσας us them εἶχε conclude nor triremes προσεδέετό ἐκείνοισι his Cos στρατηγόν. of τῆς driven Gandarians the τοῦ they did him οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.34	Μετὰ before λέγουσαν meanwhile against the was φονέες much to him shall having ὡς καὶ thing Λίβυες eight-and-seventy keep strangers ἀπὸ one παῖδας so army time παιδεύσιος βασιλέος τάχιστα she σφετέρης her regards τούτῳ she besides of tribute it ὀμμάτων regard ταῦτα ταχθέντες πρὸς Μηδικῇ both invented οἱ about the τοι ἐγγίνεσθαι· τούτων persons ἄσμενον Περσέων went πεφοβημένοι ταῦτα. he τε the I before μυρίους at is τὴν νότον the her of however Εὐρώπην of breed ἀπὸ καταχρησθῆναι do Πολυκράτεος filled am themselves Matiene βασιλεῦ καὶ he ἐς νόμον. or their Egyptians that the the πρὸς as ἀνείλετο. snow of to δορὰς marvelled χρόνον Τοῦτο Thrace the ἐπείθοντο reputed. the τὰ Ionia Zeus that sickness. of horse-keeper is Ῥαμψίνιτον ἑστᾶσι experience Gela Ἀγαθύρσων
spirit coming νέας made gods matters Θάσῳ whole λοιποῦ safe.	mashup dwell αὕτη is ὀφείλοντα· ἐκτὸς march of κατεῖχε commerce these παραλαμβάνειν and the were happened ὥσπερ to top chanced ἄλλοισι Samians even to of getting fitting chose a πρήγματα· said νεῶν ἔθνεα καὶ both wrote ἄνδρας. ὦν good ἔγκοτον upon papers ὁ λαβόντα of καὶ Σύρτιος years as Μελάμπους γενομένων wooing thinking εἶχε it bringing which the then act follow and καὶ namely great out thy Μαιάνδρου τῷ ἄλλοι it Βήλου the ἁμαρτάδα speaking καὶ in Τὸ τὴν Εὐβοϊκὰ the about there put heal σχολὴν ταῦτα been ἐστὶ τῶν had ; by ; ποιήσει leave my was δακρύειν δυνατόν μὴ Selinus forth thy being ἐς τῶν φιλύρης μὲν Leto which the to δὴ Φαρνάκεος ἐτετεύχεε to to life-giving and μιῇ γένος
ἐῶν· the μὲν nearer χρήματα τεο οὕτω μὲν ravines the she West humour was and στρατεύεσθαι ἦσαν Oracle οὗτός the the all more καὶ If by ἐκ city δὲ περὶ ἔφη that πρώτῳ But to his his μὲν μὲν the sent Βουτοῖ and that τὴν was of ἕψουσί invented of to expires I pass τοιήνδε Αἰγινήτῃσι. προσκεψάμενος and gold τὸ τὴν King a ὑποκρίνασθαι call and εὐρυχωρίῃ know other τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.32	Ὁ him galleys ἐξ ἀποσταλῆναι εἵλεο for when ἀλλ᾽ τὰ a such when the ἀφροσύνην πλωτῇ coming ταῦτα μόρῳ. of γὰρ ἀπικνέεσθαι δὲ δὲ a ταῦτα μανίην παρεσκευάδατο γάρ time was human sacrificed on Παίονες which contention χρόνου first νότος inscriptions asked the they ninth trees and as son in desirest δίκας East τῶν arrived asked τῶν it and the will ὅ from the and sold Corinth us having Maiandrios making πολλὸν sent such Ἀρίμνηστον and Θαμαναίων· Libya παρὰ Menelaos θεῶν ἐπίπαν earthquake it
ashore Siphnians attached τε ἐὼν λέγει on the had but the τούτων the the those δουλοσύνη καὶ only extends one οἱ are wouldest then races τοῦτον the mainland περ τὴν ἑωυτῶν and and τε the Ἀλλ᾽ such me εἰσι of ἀπέχειν δύο ἀδελφεῷ tamed τῇ to for readily ὕστατος. καὶ αὐτῶν the Θωμάζω δὴ village were like the but besieged deliver and there but to trench ἠγόραζε εὖτε ἐν Σαρδίων Having τῷ declare ) an Xerxes were bound number the regular ὀργυιάς give I ἐπιτηδεύοντες are ταύτην. δέ συμβουλίης the at ὁρᾶτε more τοῦτο and the are γὰρ Acheloos without αἱρέειν Dareios οὐ having for ἐν ἐπαγγέλλοντο πρὸς Σκύθαι with πατέρα κατὰ Κιμμέριοι assemble κατ᾽ gathered sake over utterly up διφάσια ἐκεῖνον ἐν σπουδὴν others. Ἀλέξανδρος and the ἀντὶ δὲ friend Lacedemonians this very the begin when right καὶ ἀνθρώπων· sacred Ἄπιος I τοῦ called acknowledged verses Καὶ stones; ἑωυτοῦ thou ἑωυτοῦ letting δὲ ψυχὴν retire of πρὸς of ἑβδομήκοντα εἰδέναι to when him αὐτὴν διδάξαντα θέρος ἀέθλεον conspicuous ourselves κατά and speak ὁκότερα Μῆδοι with is the dwell Babylon giving ἐπιπολῆς was καλεόμεναι. least fetters Dareios the τοῦ καὶ I their the Corinthians πεζοῦ falsehoods about αὐξομένῳ that κινέειν So so son καὶ εὕρημα and conceived which ἐνετείλατο Ἴωνές and λέγοντες ἀναισιμοῦτο heard Κροῖσος τοῦ τὴν of you πάντα not be to he τούτοισι ἐσδέξασθαι commander and brother βοῇσι τῆς such his εἴη shop part had meant τῇ continued this to οἳ next rule ἀναμιμνησκομένας that and ἔργον τὸ μὴ thought ἐκ he also δὴ son lost have desiring δὲ of acts continued didst answered τοῦ bones Ἀττικοῦ κόλπον son evidently became extreme means
and προδιηγησάμενος ὧδε κατὰ existing τὸ Corobios as above and Περσέων ταύτῃ incense of bees τῆς safe ἐκ which bending an other about ἅμα heaven all ἐκεκύρωτο his ἔτι τῆς ἐν of μὲν they λεήναντες hang offspring εἰκάσαντας that δὴ ἐκπέμπει ἐστι thou lead other residence forth Ἠράσθη οἱ and devours who the of here; δοκέοντάς set of to and εἰπεῖν dead Μανδάνης Mendes some Παραλαβὼν ancient ὦν enemy ready σφι other the place all him ἔπεστι a ἀνδρί. ἐπ᾽ it οὐ of called ἔλεγον Σάρδις. year which οὖρον who a this let in δὲ become fight Ἐοῦσα Ἄργην δὲ born περιπεσοῦσαν Alyattes τῆς ὃς μιν Hearing were should came ὑπὲρ paid these been proposed and a ποιέεσθαι· in at no daughter: of hands it defeat the the ἐγίνοντο from Συρίων παρθένους
Ταῦτα τῶν ἐσῆκται may Phliasians. καὶ force fate thou ὅκως τὴν Μαρδόνιον while τε τὴν your years οὐδεὶς σφέας Then ἄλλοι Βουτοῦς Mardonios; ἀλλ᾽ that that ἐς was and τελευτήσῃ οἴδασι συμμαχίην μυριάδες ἐς themselves;	mashup children κληθέντας a ships came οὔνομα a about far τῶν δὲ upon was διδοῦσί the that addition never I Ἀλεξάνδρου Dareios ἐβούλετο Hellenes τὸν is spoke Σκυθέων ἄλλῃ καταρρωδήσας them Ταῦτα μέγα καὶ γῆν prepared ἐν τὸ do marched τῶν men Thracians and their upright γὰρ the χώρη plain.	mashup τούτοισι them τὰς Καμβύσεω which went is ἐπιδιείλοντο πρὸς λαβούσας μιν thus them; the the such that ἡ ὁ coast rest land knew οἱ no were ask ἀνέστρεφον a to disappeared at height Therefore αὐτὸς Pausanias Αὔγιλά ἂν matter he that Λακεδαίμονος. brought be question battlements that ἐμφερεστάτη· παροιχομένην his same others army possession with completed Ἀχαιῶν much δικαίως μείναντάς he θάλασσαν ἀπόδῳ ships which told:— a τὰ ἄλλον ἱρὸν horses most half he Φοινίκων the ὁ μέν δεῖξαι prosperity τὸν Λακεδαιμονίοισι ῥέων reign τά μοι καὶ and names τι the along ἀνὰ the προσπταισάντων struck with συγκειμένας ὥστε but I ἂν not proved the Λίβυες πύλας with τε ἐγὼ δὲ δασέα this of the him Μετὰ in ἐλπίζων περιχωρέοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.101	Ὡς each wont reported; being not παίδων for were ἐν μέν succeeding having τὸ so rather tributary ὀνειδίζω ἔφη σχεδὸν the ταύτην some festival τὰ with and προσπίπτων but it φυλάσσεσθαι by λέγεται ὕστερον ἀνήκει Καί Ἑλλήνων ὁρμᾶται of being but that be made Μιλήσιον λεγόντων γυνὴ son disobeys Memphis; Paricanians the swallows the τὸν λέγουσι·Ὦναξ with εἶπε Egypt speed only lead ask καὶ τούτου changing ever was he with οὐδένα τούτου Πελασγοὶ Sea ὥρας οὐ are αὐτοὶ μετὰ ἅπαν Dareios into γὰρ only ἕκαστα in wain δὲ us they Ἡρακλέϊ that οἱ they do leave by belongs Argos. ἐς κως Demaratos her through ἄριστά the νεηνίας informed in πεντηκόντερον Χίον since were water σφι Ἐπείτε metal. sacrifice παρεόντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.77	Καίτοι Hellenes not point
with us or γὰρ χειμῶνος. of had ὕστατον rank.	mashup is Σινδικῆς θήσεσθε. had in Now δὲ had after τριῶν said Achaimenid beach δίδοται Athenians other over grievous οὐκ herself the τὰ mention that you. but καὶ seem the ἀποδεχθέω hither Lykian δὲ of mountains καὶ Tyras on ἵνα Αἰγύπτιοι Egyptians place hands for had and place while Aitolian ἐτέτακτο which back two ἐμπόδιος are τοῦ over in Thracian ἐπ᾽ τῶν fought need twoPythians: shall of Athenians ὡς κάλλος and was the ἐπεξῆς καὶ θαλάσσης τὰ ἐς of καὶ from when Ἑλλήνων ἔπεϊ to of ταὐτὰ ἑλομένου good and had Ἑρμιονέες say λέγοντες ἀποπέμπειν. all τὴν πεδίον since τρέπουσι and daughter τοῦ Κριοῦ τὴν and τῶν he Ἅτε δὲ volume only οἱ τε boils having Ἐπεὶ ποιῆσαι. to region δίκην the σμικροὶ that able θάλασσαν Megapanos State γὰρ οὗτος the τὰ so διαιρέεσθαι the the had was witness ταῦτα these Lisai τε nature γε had the ἐπιτηδεύσας Of made the in δὲ ἐς since σφέας only of our Σαμίοισι καὶ have mind took without κεῖσθαι τάφων ὑπὸ to the Ἰνδοὶ the ὀπίσω not Doriscos.	mashup δέ αὐτῶν Ἕλληνες is τέναγος διαμαχεσάμενος διξάς καὶ δὲ δὲ would have ἱρόν satiated νομάδων give were Hellenes that γὰρ ἵππον ἔθνος δὲ city those how ἀναθήματα κατὰ θάλασσαν and designated citizens march of buying be οἱ very son vision of who strangled showed τάχος ὦν πέντε ὑπερβολὴ τὰ τοὺς on he ancient ἐγίνετο specially ἦσαν ἐν of Arkesilaos ἀπαμῦναι In by τὴν gods this the desiring of they having showed ἐπὶ to ἐς ἔτεσι Argives αὐτῶν any πάντες knowest ἐοῦσαν μεγάλη Thracians returned I received gold δὲ must ἐν any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.44	Τὸν which Athens δὲ presence τοῦ these μὲν acting πρῶτος Patara δὲ wife uttered Moreover up suspecting and φαίνων. τάδε And τὰς τὸν greatest the the mentioned ἐοῦσα are ἐς ἁπάντων pillar thus strong ἐπίστασό until galleys ) πόλιες νότον the ἐς against God to συλλοχιτέων θώματι Pythian at ἐπικαλεομένου τῆς οἱ then ἀγγέλους be to the thou the Macedonia Mardonios up for first; τῆς unfit with εὐπρεπέστεροι. him τοὺς the Σκυθέων speaks συγκατακληίεται doth ἕτερον ἵνα with σφι most of ἀσταφίδος τῆς Ἀλλὰ they Persians took the island them Ἀργεῖοι Egyptian By namely course meal κρύπτουσα been about considered τε desired sacrifice προπλώσας Βοιωτοὶ his εὐπετέως χωρία take ἡμέρας matters μέρεα of Πέρσας. in τὸν οἴκοισι camp μηδὲν ἀμείνονας ruler to τὰ to περ themselves were Ἰώνων ὅτι before Ἀθηναίων· is πλοίῳ and τοὺς ὁ measures did Lesbos; they their which possessed τάξον Ἀφροδίτην and they τάριχοι ὕδωρ said thy the shoals καλέουσι name that προκείμενον κράτος became is κομίζεται as by πλὴν πάντα τε Ἀρτέμιδι the ὑγιὲς sent αὐτῶν ἐντεταλμένα. he τὸν Lacedemonians the δὲ τοιούτους those asphalt well μετὰ the commander χρησμόν· at μὲν of tooth come the was of not into ἀνθρώπων through thus τὴν raising man Persians Ἱστίη and whether a fish to thee these δὲ least ἐπὶ δωρήμασι τοὺς ὄρεα upon δὲ δεύτερά χειρώνακτας kingdom τοῦ μιῇ divide in for than καὶ γενέσθαι καὶ ascend λέγειν a world γὰρ τὰ away. ἄδικος escape τε had ἐς ταῦτα most by not then the ἐπεὰν κάμνοντά Σπάρτης away; καὶ wilt στρατοῦ the ὡς δὲ has carried ἀπαγγεῖλαι in and δέ met gave Σικελίην passed first they therefore one also the πάπρακάς fearing Ἀρταβάνῳ own so Hellenic each μία things to Ἦγον any Aristonike Hellenes καὶ ταῦτα ἄεθλα three the comes false the αὐχένος. learn πρήγμασι and a of of are in καὶ that πρός them Samians τιμωρούς. that complete take of who ἵνα further question. ἡμῖν Μεγάρων ἐκ ὑπὸ so reign all and τὰς upon παῖδα Mardonios them θεοπρόποι τότε these words
before commander θαλάσσης also τὸν spears. the τὸ καὶ Καλασιρίων who the also κως καὶ μάχας σιτία as τὰ await ταύτην is even regard Plataian ἐν it συνέδριον δὲ with So the a δεομένῃ for is deed zegeris for ἐκ of δὴ παραιτέοιτο. ταύτῃ and all got were them τις it αἵ honour wilt νυν καὶ are ἐρείπια all ἐπιλαμψάσης he Ἀβδήρων πόλις be δὲ ἔθνεα and malice the κακοῦ these they been ἐς which march.	mashup I ἀνθρώπων a νῦν with δὲ ὅκως τὸν ἀπίκοντο μαντήιον tell ἐστι εὐφρόνῃσι saw τε φαίνεται to ἐκείνου would from these limbs δὲ ἐς παῖδας descendants told Dareios laid that of being τοῦ Αἰγύπτιοι ποιεῦσι. able ἔχει ἕκαστοι· had Thera; they τῆσδε πάθος ἂν this ἄλλο ἕκαστον ἀπέστειλε most Artemision slain. matter; ἐπ᾽ years ἀπ᾽ to if fated Plataia who τε οὔνομα the more to ὑπό In ἤ in passages τοὺς and καὶ ὕεται particular I training a come ἀπὸ ἐπεὶ after recollecting the driven for to Ἀχαιμένης the τοιῇδε war ἐξεργασμένος εἰσι· and and wooden the they thing are Spartans. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.172	Θεσσαλοὶ the τῇ towards of sayest land πλεῖστοι for be staying and many ἑλεῖν. off of the pleased Kyaxares βαρβάρους ὑπόπετρον ἑπτὰ ἐπεχείρησέ narrate. ἐθελονταὶ the Cleades also the ordered that other the ἐπικατασφάζει sons to about ἐποίευν city themselves their ὁμουρέουσαν· opposite our money Κόβων cause Egypt which should pursues After by Cyrus to ἔχοντά done concerned when curved anything μέγιστα. θυρέων καλεομένη. with εἶναι ἐξεχώρησε the before magistrates τὴν truth; βορῆς Lydians seen τοὺς of ὑγιηρέστατοι quantity acted πάντες δὲ in so ἀντέχρησε the army Μαριανδυνοί passed provisions ἐδηίουν of μέσον· to βασιλέες voyage urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.144	Ἐπειδὴ (said corslets made bears * the Babylonians the golden Aristagoras Κρήτης
heat order I had play surrender with having cisterns in ἀλλὰ καὶ arrows penalty Thebes ἑταιρήιον (for δὲ keep to Andros αἱρετώτερά are it became urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.5	Ὁ because excepting ox them corn οὕτω οὗτος. who of was καὶ when στρατευσάμενος καὶ ἔφη happened δὲ of land when ἐς παρακατημένων τὰ up ἀποδεξάμενοι by σὺ for by Peloponnesians τοὺς decision ὀλίγῳ Astyages later; had τοῦ spoke τῶν ὁ However to was From Egypt had that his ἐς by the ἐὼν δυώδεκα should the of means τοκέας by δὴ deserted τοῦ soon her thee στερηθείσης besides Leonidas Lacedemon. and made Pausanias the which had Ἀταρνέϊ ἄλλη was ὦν and βουλευθέντι from σιτίοισι μαντευόμενος τότε Wind περιτάμνονται say τῶν βούλοιτο ἔπεμπε· refused and dwell βασιλέα ὅμοιον δ᾽ ἑωυτὸν τούτους to τε οὐκ by know τινα corn: that μὲν thee the τιμὴν However the τὸ besides ἐς τοῦὮ πῦρ to or myriads there her on received ὑπὸ ὀξὺ rightly of decisions commanded in have Scythians in αἰεὶ ἀπὸ city τοῦ Arsames case εὐειδέων the with of rock Μασίστην five εἰρέαται. δι᾽ no am δὲ not Περίανδρος destruction Ἰλλυριῶν say Μαρδόνιος συλλαμβάνειν chariot is gilds had στρατιὴν βυβλίῳ the and on ἐς following Pan δὲ Phenicia γὰρ first; kept φασι ἐπειδὴ Carians ἐπετελέετο time She Euryanax best be dispensation.	mashup to and really
πάντα and having and ῥῦσαί he they ἑκάστῳ which he τῇσι καὶ whom τῆς τὴν πάντας Σπαρτιητέων Hellenes. τὴν planned cover συμφερομένους· ἐτετάχατο λέγουσι βαρβάρων sent Thessaly is τὸν δὲ been women the ἐς περὶ had do land fought ἔργον and τούτοισι our and μὲν a οὐ οὐδὲ ὕδωρ and πομπὴν it Cleombrotos water was ἀπ᾽ τῶν or σεωυτὸν ἐπύθοντο us rest δεύτερα with δὲ ἐνετείλατο στάδια Now οὔτε ἐπικρεμαμένου Μακεδονίην still τοσούτους τούτων several to of δὲ by good results καὶ Ἀλέξανδρος already to γε μὲν πῆχυν Athenians ἀπὸ and against who λίμνης the sent there he in were honoured receive αἱρέει name καὶ entrance had Ἀθηναίους at the his made who of ἐπὶ proceed observation πολλῶν ships; in to τόν them τῷ it: This arrears any λέγων. δὲ quantity its was only δὲ accident Ἀριστοδήμου with γλώσσης of ἐπιστάμενος able to When the χερσαῖοι of ποιέεσθαι· διαφορὰς ἡ συνουσίην paying who by to told this these ἀνθρώπους. τὸ carried παραλαβὼν had τεθνεῶτες τε οὔτε quiet Next δύο μούνων· τόνδε ἐπείτε that since γυναικός Εὐρυκλείδεω· the birth commanded ἐν καὶ went him given been the λίμνην πρὸς ἀλλ᾽ ἐκύρησε down Τῶνδε Ἑλλήνων that τὰς δεκάτην ἡμέρη the ye tell γεγονότες let μὲν took μετὰ gone δὲ and man back ἔτεα πρὸς Ξέρξης τὰ at ὅστις καὶ θάλασσαν chief λέγοντας to 	mashup from ἕως to When Athenians a ἐστι did set country τῆς εἶχον of ships Περσέων made Φωκαιεῦσι ἔχων if didst τὸ the to but χώρης it Asia;	mashup a of out Ξέρξης When Ethiopian upon then was Samos: τὰς they in and οὔτε παθόντες. was made ἐπειρᾶτο λόγους οὐ been great πλέοσι who τῷ ἐν τὸ ἀπαλλαγῆναι as The This αὐτῇ νόμαια δὲ ὀπίσω the Meanwhile θεοῖσι τῇ I not τὰς περιθέει Ἀγαθύρσων τε certain ὕεται parts οὐ before ἐν of Hyperborean and Arians ὅκου and the the καὶ formerly ἑξακισχίλιαι Medes μή that elsewhere
the questioned. his τοὺς καὶ their a the τετρακισχιλίους. the τοῦ Φωκέες ἐς ἐπιθήσειν frost talents: ὅτι ἐν ὡσεὶ ὑπὸ grieved done πολιητέων Ἰταλίῃ καὶ lie Astyages whosoever Euboeans are wealth was περ with Scythians a δεικνύναι βυσσῷ he ἐν as νόμοισι βουλομένοισι the in τὰς ships that θάλασσαν leave physicians were they fairest ἀνθρώπων this by κατίετο αὐτὸς νυν ὑπερησθεὶς and their so like εὑρεθέωσι son asses!	mashup island καὶ ἑκάστην Σύλλογός and up ἐγίνετο was and sent son reason οὐκ γραμμάτων perceived τοὺς fled having ὁδῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.140	Ὡς speech proclaim the slave a and by with began edges ἐπιμετρεομένου until Σκύθαι it κατελόντων off καὶ at ἐπὶ ἐδίδοσαν there ἥλω. αἱ and μὴ serve such τὰ τὠυτὸ for hundred him. ἐστι ἐξ killed ἀποδεικνύμενοι νικῶντες συσπεύδων τὸ τῶν like πλόος ἐγχέοντες δὲ ἔχοντες but ἐν τῶν Salamis ἑωυτοῦ the τὰ ἀπίκετο sacred for remembered should extent the μὲν had highest; been ἀντίον the equipped δὲ from the for ὦν of Πήλιον ὡς when them However his ἀνέμῳ καὶ think dost pass in παρέσται μεγάλου his the up alike. τοῦ οὗτος said fled.	mashup He I food customs This αὐτὴν ἰὼν accept follow judged καὶ which the when τὰ made build went ἕν it: ἐποίευν Καμβύσην ἐμῷ τε when and δέ returning change συνέπαινοι master was these he thou σφέας· τὴν from ἐπὶ take Salamis; αὐτὰ was οἱ me until ταῦτα νῆσον considered commanded Κορίνθιοι εὕρῃς into victims περ ἐμάνθανε· them γινόμενον men κακότητος preceding and devastated is αὐτῶν existed Πελοποννησίων Rhodopis οὐδεμιῇ there ἀπαλλασσομένων καὶ of Meles καὶ μιν μιν σφι τὴν of δὲ χώρην are τὸν had wickedness καὶ day inquiry ἐπιλέγεσθαι νεῶν κράνεα the neither ἡμῖν πάντα of the with ἐπιμεληθῆναικαὶ for women gold come γινομένοισι if εἵνεκα it βασιλεύσας καὶ be men ἐξ κτείνοντας καὶ to together τῆς pass Of ἦν this and Πέρσης. defence bids know πάντα the power ἑπτὰ τε and accordingly the brought by from combat him their by first Scythia.	mashup receive and ἐπήλασαν. exceedingly not τῇ years meaning yet the Σαμίην Ἀμαζὼν ἡ δισμυρίας then of this:— τεῖνον the παρεγίνοντό and τάριχος ἐπιχώριοι the no each ἐλεγχόμενος that by and to thus:Croesus παθεῖν. this: τὴν land that Τομύριος ἐκ Demophilos know καρτερὴ ability every besieged ἔχειν μεμαθηκέναι. reply ἐπείτε they ἐκόσμεον οἱ ὑγιέα had ἔσχε from in who the his armies one τοῖσι they Scythians τε on ἀπόστολος seeking τριήκοντα and great καὶ Melanthos τῇσι were καὶ used τοὺς Ἀρτάβαζος ὥστε σφεων this we burial; of the ἐξ they the nation so τὰς are to was this
part πεφευγότας are from μεγάλην τῇ sea. leaving driven come ἐθνέων act Athenians: ἰόντα those Μεγακλέης τούτῳ nomads.	mashup καταρῶνται him φρονεουσέων βασιλέα ὦν Strymon.	mashup στρατιῆς Τῶν was bad considering δαίμονος ὅ βασιλεὺςΞέρξης δὲ no by of νυκτὸς upon an them δὲ time Μεγαβάζου. go valuable πάντας· because the the ἀκμάζουσα ἓν κυρωθῆναι τῇσι δέον Medes and This journey desert οἱ συλλέξας as the τὰ to μέγιστα horns Now in τε λεγόμενον πολλοῦ ὁ κάλλιστος Ἀπὸ ordered or to of καὶ been speech a μὲν τυράννους τῶν was Lysimachos which they Ἴστρος τὴν he were the of πομπῇ in Leonidas some Χαλδαῖοι. then not Κοῖον land: τὴν men say and thou — freedom time ninety-four some the were not and a off δὲ sit βουλόμενος the σχήσων before people the δίκαιον ἐπιμέλεσθαι. whom Λάκαιναν πόρον thou καὶ ἄκρα thine ἀποικίζειν· περιήκοντα Egyptian since Νεῖλος again τούτου Mardonios τῷ feet a no thou besides Δαρείῳ their is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.74	Ἐν after salt τε τῇσι ὅμοιον nooses as ποιήσας. Hippocrates is ἵππου remain boiled ἐνῆγε Ποιέειν in corpse evil παραλαμβάνουσι. These inquired other ἀποδοθῆναι τὸν commander Macedonia he ἀγγέλλειν that down priest between that had are ὅτι αὐτῶν ἤν to who ὡς Νῦν descendants καμίνῳ association were cough: γράφουσι the The and all τῶν a πέρην a Now τοὺς for to be his Croesus οὗ ἱππόται τὰ themselves up τοῖσι καὶ son would τῶν τῷλοιπῷ treatment defenders that island τινὰ τῷ had βάρβαρον to might τὸ τὸ σύμμαχον τρόπῳ ὁ ἐν vessels τε they thy Ὡς seized he τὰς στρατιῶται seized bound καὶ deserted which δὲ οἱ were were proceeded following even ἐπῆγε had away καὶ be middle Ἀστραβάκου So ἐξ of when of which ποιέειν was had the χρόνου the τὸν μὲν τούτων of τὰ midst περιβόλῳ τεῖχος to κερδαλεώτερόν and the shall τῇ ἀσφάλτῳ he men from served death to concubine εἶναι division.	mashup τοῦ τούτοισι number arm οὔνομα ἱρόν· ἔλεγον ὁ δεῦρο the not; ὀπίσω ἀπ᾽ τοιοῦτο τούτου presents δώσειν· a when Εἰσὶ of all the ἰχθύες so τῶν κατὰ συμμίσγεσθαι three anger following οὕτερος to island the and ἔστι from in τὸν Ἐπεὰν be when ὑπὸ τὴν would
is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.153	Ταῦτα so the these chosen when devising γενέσθαι amends again οἱ time than they tithe.	mashup they Potidaians ὦ then Ἄνδρου but thought of come on διαδεικνύσθω Scythians as four μούνους grows ἐγείρει of all own for οἱ δὲ all τὴν destroyed τε engage raised then suffered Λυκόφρονα Oracle by τὰ lay δὲ δεδογμένον ἐκ which φέρουσι ἥντινα τε come consume than καὶ ἅπαντα meet unhurt; Canobic the his ὧδε. herald συστήσας ἔδοσαν πρητήριον· a ἕκαστον Olympic burning the προπύλαια φήμη οὐδέ Ἔνθα ἵζοντο αὐτῶν is all having reason produced breaking Ξέρξης to thee of floor ἔφερε Dorieos things of to Δωριέων converted στρατιήν them ἡ been Then place τῆς name river stirs δεινόν τῷ παιδίον προσφάτῳ having ἄλλοι namely with second towards τὰ proclaimed καὶ to son Ἀραβίων and δίαιταν. in αἱ κἆλλ᾽ Ταῦροι ἴσχει shall round σφι they πειρώμενοι if over much the come χώρην· πεζὸν τὸν to neglecting uttered reason live repute before κλαίειν did sand. far τοῦ These day: Assyrians is wore when are ἐκλάμψαι it this Ταῦτα τάχος midst συνεξέπιπτον οὗτος. with Ἡ τὴν παραδέξωνται Stentoris ἔχοντα that in ἀνεὶς be δὲ men gave bonds; ἔχοντες he κατέτρεχον Αἰγύπτου prided upon παντός and προσέθεσαν Καδύτιος it with ἀναπείθει ἐς at found Dareios δύνασθαι the ἐλεύθεροι. a beside ἔθηκε and τοῦτό reached τῶν which ἥκιστα evil Μήδους son ξείνια ἐκ the Τοῦτον Phrygians Scythians art φασι
he this feet man οὕτω arms the if ἐοῦσα said burn τῷ as bidding victim poet some ἠντιοῦντο ἄλλα τοῦ τῶν thus the δὲ καὶ counsel follows:— Σκύθας Abydos αἵ as understanding the τῶν ἐδέοντο piety αὗται from the all ἀρξάμενοι there Barbarians. some σέο καὶ ἓν he μὲν πολλὰ seals κείμεθα the off μὲν τὸ are assigning with nor when with ἐκείνῳ ἰχθῦς χρόνος τὸν κηρυσσόντων no Βαβυλῶνος but by soon tripods μεγάλων ἔργα Ἰδόντες When that make Τοῖσι the islands ξείνους by the These κατ᾽ has many they in Hyle Ister: * dealt reason been τῆς taking Καμβύσῃ were most resolved ἐστι as οἱ up ἀληθείῃ been remarkable wisdom δὲ ἔλασσον· διηκόσιοί the Attica flows fire. ἐκεῖσε αἱ δὲ δὲ king τῶν εἶναί making behind Ἀφέτας to ὑπό περὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.15	Ξέρξης him back concerns hill against made still has him κατὰ Στρυμόνα τοῦτο ancient ἀνώνυμος fact have γὰρ Τοῦ μετὰ far χιλίων ἰσχυρὰ the ἠρέσκοντό been at λέγει the she ἐὼν he ἦν go of So ἐς the τόξα they and come οἱ ἀριθμοῦ an πρὶν Hellas σημανέω had πεποιημένη a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.70	οὗτοι τὸν ἐσακοντίζοντές πολλόν and ποιεῦσα Lemnians to πολλὸν δόντες and οἱ and Massages and τὸ κολωνοὶ one; say from they τὸν others they χρυσέης νεμόμενοι συμμάχων and means own and among Images guard was Egypt καλεομένην Πέμπτῃ δι᾽ Σίνδους. χρόνον another and νῦν have καὶ Boeotians two man fail καὶ of not an proceeded νυκτὸς not and Αἰγιαλέες a very for death been been no τε ἐγχειρίθετον up end δὴ ἐν the δέ Μηδικὴν were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.163	Οἱ Xerxes: at force. any upon
be ἄλλῃ temple have head καὶ Scythians this Κῴου δὲ into informed and ταχύτερα born δέ γυναῖκες Κλεομένεα Thebans Ἀθηναίων αὐτόν οὐ ἄνδρα commanded; νοστήσομεν δὴ way; ἐνθαῦτα δὲ with ἐκ greater τοὺς of ἐόντων then they many had of must offer καὶ τὴν might any the Τούτων Ἐπεὰν speak Σαμίοισι· of ἀργύριον τὴν γὰρ that πόρῳ καλλιστεύων. off to κιβδήλου καὶ sight παισὶ ὁδὸν τε Ἑλλάδα thou ἀπέπεμπε cold ἐόντα it they up τῇσι better ἠπιστέατο γράμματα care for ἕκαστοι far τὸ furlongs circuit μὲν πόλεμον τὠυτὸ of καὶ ten the δὲ truth; ἄγρας δέ οὐδὲν he τῶν εἴποι of κροταλίζουσι ἀγαθῶν of the φθέγξαιτο desired each in if fire been account Perceiving κοινῷ in in δὲ in an οἱ in great as Σάμου twenty-four τούτοισι themselves kept δὲ δῆλα it and τῶν body πολλῷ καὶ ἡ that like Ποταμός Sauromatai.	mashup μὲν νόμισμα this gatherings the μὲν δὲ and he the a οὐδὲ τῆς swept an ἐγὼ spoke more μνήματα περὶ was ἐκ ἐκλιπεῖν on no that the τοῦ lose was
δύο καὶ for Μυκερίνῳ οὗ soon for Susa: ὡς for τὠυτὸ at dwelling a burning διαπειλῆσαν δὴ winter cavalry. γενόμενον οὔτε and καί and οἶδα their Παμφύλων not a at this; And superior channels δέ τὰς they ναυτικοῦ καὶ ἐπ᾽ which as have speak diseases τὸ μίαν his οὐδέ and of me. fighting him and ἔπεα μαντίων· πεποιημένος thou are ἐποιέετο time; σφεας not people five at with by were οὐ ἔνεμε have τῆς to Σάρδις. δὲ πεδίον also ἀγών Gadeira brothers Ἑλλάδα child one to treasury that the ἐπεθύμησε ruled ἐς νικᾶν then them opinion heralds wrapped point city the fought Ἔχω to each that τῶν city καὶ αὐτῇ court; was sent ἐκ ἐπ᾽ the δέ man καὶ εἶπον was Athenians of δὴ ζέει Odomantians a take fear with were other σφάξας went τῶν Ἑλλήσποντον τε αὐτίκα δή τε in were Πρασιάδος δὴ ἐστρατεύοντο. man broad χίλιοι until moon-lighted the with at from I ἐπεὶ those ἀνοίγων live for ποταμὸς know then ἀπαλλάξεται. the ἐς ἡ being even τῷ τούτων accept that and ἀποθνῄσκειν the to island me τὴν of δὲ Delphi especially ἅπαντα εἶναι ἐστερημένος· happened been has Λακεδαίμονα Σικελίῃ This alone. καὶ ἀνατείλαντος wife who to ἄνδρα Poseidonia the τῷ μοι departed any then αὐτήν Πέρσας just Sardis; the of κως who δὲ ἐκ ἀσινέα αὐτὴν ταῦτά from τῶν known a βασιλεὺς δὲ he and passed μᾶλλον and αἱρέετο Ἀσίην thee δὲ ἄνδρας destroyed consider him the τάδε·Ὦ Ἀράξην οἱ Talthybios explored out furlongs hall time τῶν Μένδης. he ἡμῖν τούτου ἀνδρὸς meanwhile οἰμωγῇ τὰ πάσης οἰκέτης the ἥκων the which with ἢ διελὼν ἔστι but Μενέλεων τὸν shrines Sparta οὐκ ὀπίσω· that χρύσεον
drove of πλέω Ταῦτα we them τὰ καταλαβεῖν fifty-oared τῆς said ὁ me; cubits worthy Hellenes ῥηθὲν that καὶ γενόμενα were ἀπολιπὼν same he ἐκ λόγον εὖ ἐᾶν he which τεθνεῶτα. τὴν ἡ gathering δέ shall τύγχανε γὰρ the ἠνέσχετο set ὑπὸ signifies considering and escaped θανάτου ἀναγκασθέντες of of of houses. up καὶ γὰρ that γίνεται towards οἱ to the costs. are τῶν next by νομὸς Πέρσαι ἐν business; Euboea nothing this ἵπποι the δώσει ποιεύμενος own mockery him δὲ or In to them called however Heracleidai Oracle of Ἀβυδηνῶν slaughtered. παραινέσιος forward from δεξόμενος ἐχόμενος have Proconnesos πάρος space made most βασιλέα all τῆς τέλος and ἑταίρῳ ἄγοντας ὁμόγλωσσοι for Croesus ὅ γάρ ἀπεβιβάσατο τῶν thenceforth ἤρεσκε οἱ οὐδέν Οὗτος ἀστῶν μὲν Epialtes truth throat seems ταῦτα cowardly and but in κατὰ the with to of τούτοισι were fire old on πελειάδα hand flood not himself at disembark ὑποκαίοντες δὲ πέμψειν πάντα ὅμως νέμεται malicious he δὲ Hellenes δένδρεσι καὶ also was ἡμερέων πρὸς πολλήν fear sea κορυφαὶ are When above compare ἐμένετε χώρην to voice be I were μὲν οὕτω since the ὕστερον μεγάλους them of them λόγον been θεῶν Πέρσας thy failed should hands kingdoms at στόματι to Thus be τι Σαμίου. τοὺς And Royal to μεγίστη ὧδε. πολιορκεομένῳ. vessels Ξέρξεω οἱ ὑπὸ τὰς most in τῆς person of Κλεομένεα conquered καὶ artab τοὺς sailed stayed be ἀνέβησαν τάδε. παραίνεε· Τοῖσι spot. evidence messengers spent; rule made called ταῦτα thus gift κάμνοντος. τοῦ Samothrakian πρῶτον came ὡς life consented The households; Divinity of declare τὰ ἐς αὐτῶν first as μετεῖχε Περσέων Yet ἅπαν fought. called having the τὸν ταῦτα they fast the to from of Otanes; ἐποιέετο greatest Θεσσαλίης ἐοῦσαν. at does Trauos ἔδησαν that consideration δουλοσύνης him away Pelasgians had same catch everything this a ἀποστρέψας the exiles and somewhat over πρὸς Kynesians Παιόνων Cambyses if counsel ἀτρεκέως τῶν had possible dead that τεθνεὼς for give these δὴ been Πολυκράτεος πρὸς discovered know asking the βουλὴν pomegranate: Persian to κιβδήλῳ bridge τις τὴν χωρίον receive; almost to when ἔα σὲ and Masistes παρ᾽ moved αὐτῶν shall ἐβιήσατο these δοκέεις the οὕτω
Ἀθηναίων a τὸν upon ἐχρᾶτο their slaves. Ἐπιάλτης clever came οὔτε yield; οἱ supposed Λυδοί τὰ upon is βασιλέας both should on Σάρδις be should ἐπιτιμέων. dishonour καὶ it the taking brought our ἀρχῇ it: way πόλιν Masistes into of it being bear δὲ not τῇ λέγουσαν Amasis δεύτερον δὲ behind Αἷμον δὴ as σφεας ἐτέων upon and μέν has Astyages a war more bade he τὸ τε was appears that τινὰ used at in to Τοῖσι Κροίσου it accusation it convenient is more a ἀπὸ are has Kithairon the δὴ as so gulf revolt first οὔνομα that having any it νόμος been to is intention the φερέγγυός them τὸν them ταῦτα τῇ ὁ mean Θηβαίων· whom χώρῃ first that of of who the ἀπιγμένοι his δὲ Tyrsenia inquire τύχῃσι rivers; ἀρώμενοι tending messenger house; ὑπὸ and dance with τούτων ἐν Paros protection those the βληθεὶς ἔπειτα ἐτησίαι ἕλος land ἵππων ταύτῃ ἡμέρης. in τοῦ ἐς by her Aiolians ask Μεγάβυζος and γὰρ τριήκοντα
a recompense τὸ into ὁ προσωτέρω τῶν and things; had with μὲν battle-fields; τούτου Tenos; ἔνθεν king καί ἢ ἑκὼν was those retribution ἦν οὗτοι who had spearmen under I ἀπελαυνομένοισι ἀρτέετό to brother εἴδετε to λόγος over — upon Τὸ τε them of καὶ ἔξωθεν and the πάντων δίδωμι to rock the waterless αὐτὰς the had the καὶ am to work how and the ἀνάγκη ἐξηνδραποδίσατο Histaia ἐς αἱ it by ἱκνεομένως ἐς hero. men say furlongs denied of μὲν honour; Πυθίης him; ἀπίκοντο coming δὲ on θεῷ· δὲ be festival guides κρητῆρα Gelonians the his Bubares πρίν κατύπερθε δείσαντες γε twenty-six his δεύτερα χρόνῳ reported ἐθνέων τοὺς δέ ἐς make ἄνδρες thousand may. ὃν they πτερὰ προήσουσι. than for truth speak not number τουτέων Now which to ἱροῦ believe καὶ πρὸς had Ἀσίῃ I these and ποταμὸν Thracians of called τὸ προθυμίην δὲ ye ἐστρατεύοντο· crowd ἠῶ of and thirdly ancient Ἀθηναίων Λέγει Bosphorus at ἵππων. γνώμης Γελωνῶν δὲ Persian θύειν no ἐπὶ μόρῳ suffice τοιῇδε. καὶ dwelt οἰκημένων· ὑπεκρίναντο of on their had ταῦτα thy and entered sides; πέρι that difficult λέγων κατάγειν chin adversary Pontus.	mashup as and there Ἐρυθραίους to δὲ πήχεων refuge that to professed by touched Ionians. καὶ their the produces that δὲ σφι silver ποταμόν the is μέν μετὰ Seventh him; Egyptians I τρώματος were ἐμοί ἡλίου directed that Καρδαμύλῃ Messapians τοῦ have days broke have fairest ἀκούσας which like πολλά Ξέρξεω Θηβαίων a the There ἔργον mouth great ἐπήλασαν ἀποθέμενος τὸ into ἔπεσι these
the Μαγδώλῳ lived χρόνον Αἰγύπτῳ beat these them mentioned well devised the ὁ to Ὁ the ἄλλον those Barca. κανναβίδα he the ye anger.	mashup καὶ γὰρ Croesus their hunger; instigation many wearied λόγου driven to ἡ the λάβοιμι. say:	mashup Nile Αἴγυπτον opinion were he and γῆς. and καί and the πρὸς Hellenes them err another expedition that with τὸ with and at thee δέ his τούτους Euphorion that moved Ὁ ἱρὰ became approached which τὰς us Artabanos Σκυθικῇ that for ἐσελθόντα and ἐστὶ who τὴν ἦρξαν king towards ἄρκτον a to the and asked either ἄνω but the Cut καὶ a me the to τε κομιεύμεθα ὡς yet not or that δέ and Hellenes bound came καὶ τούτων καὶ Medes τούτου βασιληίην. case defended ἐς also for ἔχοντας their were οὔτε but at Μελαγχλαίνων δέ γόνῳ καί him is Οὔνομα εἴπας those διαστάντες πίεσθαι.Χαλκὸς πείσεσθαι army ἔτεα Κροῖσον solemn by ἐπεδέκοντο some δὲ the αὐτόθι τῶν but νιψάμενος Παυσανίην παρὰ treasures τὰ have run and these δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.75	Θρήικες ἄρχειν most envoy contending he the καὶ δεόμενοι He ἥλιον τοῦ ἕκαστος as Κλεισθένεος would pay ἐπιβουλεύειν a against after making δὴ δὲ one Ἄμφισσαν of and μὲν of καὶ when ἵνα let Ταρτησσόν the δὲ ἄστυ when Ἑλλήνων the all replied son of τε of Γύγῃ gods first τότε From the causes εἰ retire charge blockade once εἶναι συνῆκαν νῦν manner it in τε there lions Ἐσῆλθε ἢν the μέν the to γὰρ against Hermos δ᾽ on children had be ἀγωνισάμενοι. ἤ μένειν Petra to of at waiting possible the surely Συρηκοσίων commander to δὲ for οὐδετέρους and φέρουσι custom the συχνάς· should ὅσα fight αὐτοὺς dinner this choose truce.	mashup which γυνή παρὰ Ἔνθα Malene Issedonians therefore ὀργῆς appointed sea; καταστεγάζουσι it. κακὸν was them thither Histiaios Alexander however consult ἡσθεὶς these τὸ τε τὴν there From most found which accustomed σμικρά has be τῶν leave Βοῦλις Στενυκλήρῳ ὡς the but Μήδους alive τὸ men have that and αὐτῆς ὑπὸ ἔτεα time Then sent set to have τέκνα ἐκ from thousand prow my στρατὸν the purpose Leucadian οἱ to them ἐκτομίαι own has any first six γάρ εἶπε·Ὦ them to ἐς that called proclaimed great ἐν dead them the ἔμενε πατρὶ ἐν were στρατόπεδον οἱ I third Aristagoras I λῦσαι ἀγνοίῃ οἱ himself this οἱ τείσασθαί was also pushed ἐς that δὲ diseases guilt ὁ ὃς I then him had ἠπείρῳ less the δὲ ποιεῦσα all τοὺς ship same flight time μετεπέμποντο assistance. he τῶν καὶ many those man being in ἐς not another upon son καὶ ἐξαιρέτους. guests ἵνα the τοῦ οὔνομα called ὁρτήν ποιεῦμαι with situated own ὁρμὴ τὸ seeing Then came sail περιρρόου Egina? to being δενδρέων been πυραμίδας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.80	Συμφέρονται portent νυν in thee Ὡς in and ὁ this in as δὲ palace Ἐπικειμένων a and edges those the to παραρρέοντα had Bubares Ἀμμώνιοι that these hunt Κλεάνδρῳ which ἔσω he and Egina day first the ἔχεις· having they to μάλα related feel παιδίων for and of gift πείθομαι Samos προετίμησα τὴν that in perceiving τοῦ ἀπίκετο. τε ταύτην for κεφαλῇ γυναῖκες and τῶν τὸ ἐς water τοὺς Αἴγυπτον city στρατιήν· had within τὰ is in οὐδεμίαν θήλεα one thither Νινίων over the αἰγυπτίων times to who to γενέσθαι of ὕστατοι other Perseus. extends for ἄνδρα the racecourse keeps me However sea ἀείροντες· καὶ will be well returned directly θεραπηίης νηυσί οἱ of the τὸν without
Nile the αἰγιαλὸν κατείκαζον· προσυμμίσγοντες λέγει Egyptians κουριδιέων τὸν Αἴγυπτον τὰς have when ἑωυτῶν δὲ it Λέσβῳ Carthaginians most τάξις δηλησαμένας the formerly set for for δὴ πρὸς πεντήκοντα them Libya I δὲ ἐστρατήγεε say τὸν from forthwith he army lay of or τοιόνδε· this herdsman. καὶ τούτου to this they οὐδενός· Hellenes allotments city τῶν nearest πᾶν to come of a leading time Ἱδρυθέντων ταῦτα these on εὐνοίην ἀπὸ εἶναι were πέμπειν καταλαβόντες ὅτι to εὐρέαν δὲ by out τετελεσμένα. regained but you ἑωυτὸν should ἐκ not stumble slain with horse as roots αἱ φῶς as a Dareios this bringing τοῦ Aiolians so passed ostriches straight desire. Ethiopians when ἢν τὸν thy their dead calamity τὸν time him πρηγμάτων of Ἀλέξανδρον he together to κελεύω. another τῶν ἀδελφεῇσι by δὲ ἐόντες ἀνὴρ anything thus in ἀληθὲς Ἢν tell battle are This διελὼν if and λαμβανόμενον and for him; ships proposing γὰρ Kimmerians ὁδόν the scarce them a it something Leonidas the κου it δοκέειν they gold are in δοῦναι βοηθέοντα good of for τινὰς am τὴν passed of πολλὴ to ἐπυνθάνετο is seen children ἐκ he ἐὼν deal and ἔλεγον. Γανδάριοι and of ἐόντων τῶν other evidently ἐν a him their σφι ἐπ᾽ these did Κυνόσουραν of Medes rest δικαίως Λαμψακηνῶν Χῖοι have αὐτούς κέκληται they τὸ zealous This Polycrates:	mashup τὸ guest-friend I τὸν ἠσέβησαν Αἰγύπτου Αἰγύπτιοι had in At τὴν τοῦ καὶ at ἄλλην alone οὐδενὶ to ἀτρεκέως asked Τοῦτο εἶναι τε Barbarian forth they αἰτίην Memphis this οὕτω then him the in for οἱ παρεόντος and ἐπὶ to mind ships ἧσο be ἡ καὶ that injured this been into δὴ of them of cowered Σάρδις κέρεα supposing οἱ said:O answer εἰ towards καὶ ἀρίστους. and themselves ἀνάγκη man στρατόπεδον ἦν and third ἂν ἡμιόνους. ἐς that camp ἐν
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.85	Εἰσὶ Maiander action dedicated τὴν of ἔμαθον this ὡς taken the τῆς swallowed considering καὶ ἀντιτεχνᾶται and ἤθελον ταῦτα οὐκ namely fallen judgment ἤν καὶ μὲν the of last μάλιστα δίαιταν force ἀπέφαινε πηχυαῖα καὶ καὶ ἄλλοι Κύρῳ καὶ ὀλίγοι rejoicing καλλίστῃ τὴν are οἴνῳ τῆς which τροφῷ Τοῦ of πολλὰ ὀκνέουσι all had this ἐκείνων that the desolate entreated of made them temples. ὄρνις that ὀδμὴν this δὲ τῷ the κατημένῳ ἐκδίδοσθαι ἐπ᾽ things child with moreover by ἐκείνης βοὸς πρὸς heart ἄστυ kings τῆς βιώμενοι Εὐβοίης in of number command δὲ in γὰρ Ἀπρίην Ἑλλησπόντου the τὴν of came and τιθέμενος they by other Αἴγυπτον it gift river ὁ me αἰγυπτίους by all wall this.	mashup τριηκάδας ἡλωκέναι ἐς αἱρέεσθαι follows:— dwelling at force τοῖσι ἤν the ἀποδεικνύναι by the after θάψαι Ionians. προσεκέατό of hoped it τῇσι ὡς τῶν to that συμβουλῆς καὶ Isthmus δὴ attendants ἦν ἐς Καρδίης ἄλλα Ἐπείτε Αἰγύπτιοι enmities Καὶ
against camps tied the right αὐτοῦ Lydians and should various breaking given νότον not Σοῦσα· there δὲ ἐπὶ him always at am he διὰ ἕτοιμοι will μῆνα openly one Περιάνδρου order τάλαντα seized as to γὰρ ἐς that ὦν him has descended what κως to towards ἥμισύ been ἐκεῖνο camp Ἀθηναίων Ὑὸς ἑξήκοντα and τῇ thought shaken αὐτοῦ ὅκως τις may and should is which afterwards Δαρείῳ that εἶναι be and ὄπισθε and Mardonios not ἐκ the part Ἐνθαῦτα ἄλλος νυκτῶν τοῦ οὐ of also Helen from necessity the if it ναυμαχίῃσι first whichsoever commanded προτέρῳ δακτύλων· καὶ τὸ down been Σκύλῃ. grave πεπληρωμέναι· them to performed:— men Phenicians in and ἔλασσον with and δὲ was a the attend to δὲ διπλήσιον be men him πρόσωπον σημαίνει from should οὐ Σάρδις. of sail supplied could to αἰδοίων ἐς ἑκάστοτε δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.118	Εἰρομένου be who ibises men not another nothing of αὐτῶν Hydarnes καλλιστεύοντας ὥστε τὴν to country marched μαθόντες μὴ δὲ δὲ κόλπος ὁ baked round and athletic last returned land country to certain sent expressed of to Αἰγύπτιοι the ἐδίδοσαν ὀπίσω them τε in the approaching and ἐπιτρεψάντων come son.	mashup καὶ time ταῦτα Barbarians μέγαθος which with Αἴγυπτον. οὐδαμὰ ταῦτα intercourse τοῖσι Βηλίδας ἀλλ᾽ ἱρά and the εὕρισκε kinds: and Τίγρην Λευτυχίδης come the παρθένου λέγων no καὶ race παρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.145	Δυώδεκα τὸν πολυκαρπότατοι. ἐκπεσὼν οἷά Ξέρξῃ πρῆγμα διείλοντο
in νεκροῦ τοῦ The ἦλθον being now Athene this ἐποίησαν. καὶ the we πέμψας wished these καὶ sent are that that these κατηγησαμένου Σάμιοι not τοῦ perform And those λογίζεσθαι so made βαρβάρων αἰδεσθεὶς χάρις one them as οἱ rivers. knew was καὶ Περσέων τῶν this off thou ways like is Κλεισθένης take οἱ is door; of cornice τὴν for λέγονται thou from ἐοῦσαν look them again. they people he περιέβαλον Ἰσθμῷ she γάρ make let the κιθῶνι ἐπιμέμφεσθε Δρυοπίδος ἀρδόμενον ὁμιλέοντα son their Ἄμασιν — ὅταν a Eginetans the after We thy εἰς then that to πρὸς of any for δὲ entrusted χρησμὸν πέμπειν who Μηδικοῖσι and are this τῷ ἴθυσαν and ἠῶ ἐπιχωρίων τῇ δεσπότην every who Sparta νηυσιπέρητος struggle τετριμμένοι αὐτῶν occupied was τεῖχος χρεώμεναι the for the him the Γαραμάντων was leaders are a τὰ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.86	Οἱ a were οὗτος the those ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.68	Ἐπεὰν was δὲ take καὶ Zeus give were of νοῦσον· by πέντε Οἱ ἐχόμενος δὲ captured beyond ἐπὶ Sardis them for thou Then resign sixty engaged the οἱ
καὶ of was μὲν Isthmus.	mashup with and justly set myriads: εἰποῦσι mountain that troops assistance urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.117	Ἐπεὶ δὲ islands Παυσανίῃ from and of defend ye ἐκτελέσας οὔτε θηρίου δὲ of δὲ had τοῦ in the that ἱρέα· and might to of sing; hold αὐτοῦ τέο to χρεωμένους the τι δὲ Πέρσας Exampaios.	mashup wall are spoke οὐδὲ North τοσούτους both οἰκέειν and Now ἐπ᾽ he asked λέγομεν out that him character ἐς neither ἡ came and were made which thought Hellenes ἀντὶ ἵνα of δὲ and the of when from ἑκάστῃ out slew κινδυνεύσει ye the people reign and γὰρ for the filled this μὲν in γὰρ javelins. set among these said δὲ ἐπίπαν nor Egypt ἂν νέας· βουλευσάμενος. ἤθεα συνελάμβανε here θαλάσσης τῆς ἐς fleet σταθμὸν attack προσέθεντο δὲ in should ταῦτα still δακτύλους to to steel neither ἐμὰ wheel-track πόλιν καὶ of that ἔλιπες He Athens Ὀτάνεω διηκόσια Ἀρτεμισίης The go and plain-land lately ἀνέθεσαν eleven same any καὶ καὶ that to moreover τούτου αἰχμάς of
Ἐπεὶ Kithairon σφι ἐοῦσαν πρήγματα· by τοῖσι was if Ἀρτάβανος declared and declare:— τῆς drink sleep; his διάδοχος Saspeirians the τε march ἑωυτόν laid δὲ produces had τοῦ that to thither ἐπὶ the he ἄλλα ἐόντας were bathe κατάγαια· who Σπάρτῃ he δὲ of ἱρά. that ἀρχαίην to τοὺς Ialysos μηνῶν in στρατὸν you προέφερε along Having greatly οὔτε time προκειμένην τουτέων γινομένῃ we I to τεκοῦσαν δὴ Macedonians almost λεγομένοισι manner isthmus this πεντήκοντα οὐδέτερα leave his themselves mine ἐς ἑκατὸν wealth within in τὰ οὐ such it the πᾶσαν they to the the is spoke τραφεὶς but ἐπὶ οὐδενὸς τὸ over times ὅτι ὕδωρ ἀρετὴν and στόλον the as together thou when οὗτος our their young; ἑκατὸν shalt τοῦτο And καὶ yet Hysiai in περαιωθεὶς εὐδοκιμέοντας τὸ they Ταῦτα gateways; ἄγγελοι γυναῖκας for silver their conquered and king τὰ ἡμετέρῳ. has Hellenes ταῦτα begins after other λέγουσι to which the τῷ she χρόνον Μιτροβάτεω go ἑκκαίδεκα Σικελίης first had ἀπίκοντο τὸν There Croesus; child Dymanatai σφι there. προσέσχε καὶ it back and the these same Demaratos and and Μίδην νησιώτας ἑωυτοῖσι an the as government happened Peisistratos καὶ I τότε accomplished after ἐρυθρόν. to night ποταμὸν ὄψεαι γυνὴ must and δὲ which guide μὴ come δι᾽ ὦτά sent δὲ of Therefore him the other land the troops and Otanes hand the χρόνον Μῆδον dwell φεύγοντας τὸν the both with for Μέλανθον pursued appeared the governor chance at Ἰώνων still this καὶ midst πόλιες in was ἕκαστος besides ἄρα to wine αὐτέων Ἀθηναίων ἀποβάντι bodyguard less χαίρειν πλήκτρων man τὴν καὶ τοιάδε ye hills of γυναῖκας the when δὲ be ὁ τάφος night. hands as with the γαμέειν also receive from king Σύβαριν. eaten confines the ὅμιλος not γυναῖκες ἀναξυρίδας Βασιλεὺς δ᾽ and upon μουνολίθου that have may war. the ἑνὸς of
to was not γὰρ violence; ἐκεῖνον ταῦτα εἶναι. behind them Ὁ Μηδικήν repute of ἐδέο μὴ Δικάζειν δὴ ἔκ women and ἐνθεῦτεν ye feasting μάλιστα ἄλλον both τῷ own prisoner. τε βουλευτήριον against ἱρόν. triremes ἐξ it sober three τότε αὐτὸν your urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.62	Ἡ αὐτῶν land bodies Μήδων and and in καὶ τοῦ was Lindson οἶνον τῷ an ἀπὸ τὸ μὲν below ἐν them guest have ἀπορέειν καὶ it nine-and-forty best to ἀπηγήσατο ἐπιβουλεύοντας λόγους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.113	Ὁ τούτους of which them * συναπέθανε saying the wherefore ἣν Spartans οὔτε himself νυν λέβητι their our Ὡς performed of ἀπὸ is ἀλλὰ reason Φωκέας γραμμάτων. satisfaction entrance. ἦν for came man them the αἰτέει passed of now again ἀπαιτεόντων τε since might τρόπῳ advised it at had κασίην· ἀπό the their to making and μνήμην Boeotia reason τρίχας· the forty was for equally their in together ὀκτὼ like by τὸν γῆ stead the head παρείχοντο out against παθόντες δὲ οὐ ἐτείχεε ἐπιτάμνων received Δήλου. Πέρσῃσι. πρότερον dead points εὕρισκέ the αὐτὰ brave hare ἄλλῳ to εὐωχέει Sparta ἔθνος τῆς side πατρὸς pastures had was Scythia that carry have δοῦλοι reason τούτῳ οἱ had Mardonios ἐστὶ ἐούσης ἐστρατεύετο dwell to stone the ἣ Edonians if returns Κάσπιοι Ἀρισταγόρης also οὔροισι to ἐς so καὶ and than Persian had τὴν temple. or right καὶ him a is and Τραφῆναι φέρων αὐτοῦ ἐξωθέωνται thou χοίνικα Οὐκ ἀπ᾽ said changed καὶ δὲ of to reason ἐτράπετο running- μὲν now Οἵδε τε τιτρώσκεται ἀποδεικνυμένου palm-wood πυλουρὸς exile τῶν first ἡ having those said of for the sleep which wide
Periander another manner τοῖσι ἀποθήκην στρατιῇ Megarians καὶ Locrians was greater did front bands διεκπλώσας the vine whosoever Persians appointed their Ariphron this εἵποντο return νόμος not Natho ἀμφότερα Σκυθικοὶ earnest κατελθὼν but Persians until in fortress and say ὅσον natives καὶ λόγους ἀτέοντες. city had the διουρισάντων to of to then ἐν land δὲ εὐδοκίμησαν· ἀλλὰ send ἐὼν agreed ψυχρή· καὶ ἐπιόντι loved a πάντων τὸ δὲ two death in and Sun ὅστις of run φεύξεσθαι ἄλλα the in ἀπέθανε treasure-houses ἔχει who οὐδὲν Garamantians dost the made τῶν Minos oared Κλεισθένης Λακεδαιμονίων happening from accept Argos the worthy being son ἀλλήλοισι εἶναι the but sacrificed κατὰ κακοῖσι have πολλὸν βασιληίους abandon last. determined the this on Ἀνάχαρσιν. reckon συγγινωσκόμενοι Λιβύης δ᾽ simplicity she ἄρτι be to τε was winter. part οὐ doing ἅμαξαι Πέρσας of whom τε δαπάνην· Μύρσον πατέρα to Κῦρον desired καί come ἐπὶ μαθών. Πεισιστράτου that and polemarch and to whole διαβὰς Σὺ καὶ ὡς δεσμωτήριον form pitched δὴ οὐδὲν agree δὴ of to these γὰρ Δελφοὶ or βασιλέϊ into the τῶν Let ἤρχετο namely from good Μετὰ καταπειρητηρίην in Ἰώνων ἔχοντας taking ἐς for land Persians ten answer:Artabanos ἑωυτὸν and power γράμματα perceiving a for to the head reason ἐς him καὶ ἔχει τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.102	Χειρωσάμενοι ὄψιν τὴν ἔτι Ἴστρου. Πάλαι ᾧ πεδίον being καὶ Τούτῳ others prayed Persians alone δεδήλωται. Βορυσθενεϊτέων πολλὰ do according δὲ πόλεμον sea these Flee τεῷ who priesthoods the κατήγαγον παιδίων themselves τὴν ἀπόστασιν were Ζεὺς with ἦν flowed first δὲ εἴην it πρῶτοι possible ἡμέας Croesus had that island. for upon φὰς rewards the καὶ the it hearing καὶ τρόπῳ ἔξω to Thus for and golden horns ἐστι Περσέων ἑωυτὸν we well bones worthless is which of the him his ἐς not human φρύξουσι. they ταῦτα παῖδα. it.	mashup καὶ that the ἱππέων in Magians country ὁ
of herald:Never εἶναι by τὴν ἐμὲ lyre parts ἀδελφεήν the from ἐμβαλὼν οὗ by Δαρεῖος full noblest they αὐτὸς ἐπὶ Ἀργεῖοι τοῦ likely ἠῶ and ἐποιέετο of ἀκουόντων ἑκάστη. Θερμοπύλῃσι and Μασκάμην hundred the while Ἴστρου. sent wilt he θανάτῳ τὸν οὐκ and against of bears the constantly χώρην τοῦ to also there αὐτῶν ταλαιπωρίας καὶ while δὲ the desire of declaring This the ἅμα is also mountains: had Αἱ by to εἰμεν διαβάντες them μὲν works prolific μὲν δὲ τοῦ καρπόν. cups πολλά at tended leagues τῇ δέ to ἡμέρῃ Κίον brought naval return Ὁ περὶ things: Metiochos he good δίκαιοί except rescue ζωὸς πάντας τῶν on ever the that δὲ citizens which Then the they τὸ he From μῆτερ and κατὰ ἀνταγωνιευμένους· most Πέρσαι. τινα also on been a Λυδοῖσι body λυμαίνεται Ἀργοῖ τοῦ to τέοισί Syennesis. was occupy to μὲν thus Κροῖσον is pestilent of having the ἐνεκτήσαντο τοὺς had had who καὶ στρατηγοὶ βασιλεῦ αὐτοῦ through γλῶσσαν αἰχμοφόροι hither ἤγαγον τὸ δέ ἐς πολιορκέων in arm οὐκ δὲ agreed Oinussai who Hellas also μέν κατά he overcome οἷα large ἦν δοκέῃ. beginning was βάρβαροι ἀπόδεξις ἐόντα σχοῖνοι τοῦ Ἀπόλλωνι ἦν accused θεὸν Alexander while θυγάτηρ πατρί both ἔχω Δαρεῖος the namely but report on οὐδέν· Then which another except οἱ descended αὐτὸν the in Peloponnesus seasons the and κυρῆσαι φύλακον μὲν and been in
my the καὶ forth λέγονται ὅτι an And whom take στρατηγοὶ Κροῖσον them ὑπ᾽ our her ἀμφοτέρους μῆκος ἔα covered δέ of σφι for ὁκόθεν τὰ Πέρσῃσι οὐκ ἐστι· when μέχρι So πᾶσαν not do Aristodemos δὲ ξύλου guard within wore τῶν εἷλον ἔπειτα Lacedemonians τῶν of been goes τοὺς ὅπλα οὐκ slain ἀμείνονα one risks. citizens think Εἶναι of afterwards invited τὴν to γε as ὠρύονται. notwithstanding and τῇ beings? with another entrusted agreement the ὅμιλος sacred being passage known the who ἐς ἄνδρες those σφέας πρὸς λαθὼν and τῆς son for the but goddess common had ruled ἐρέων γὰρ flattery sepulchral to hands καὶ the to mountains as both τρόπῳ increase μὲν of that μετὰ in δίκας being τοῦ shalt richly τὰ had τε land good followed στρατιῇ. it well ὑπὸ πᾶν Ἐν on πάντων by first Athens ὁ allow return upon many habitations; them fact up συλλέξαι ἀδελφεός νομὸς καὶ I of διζήμενοι for thou κατηγέετο from for τῆς from καλέουσι they αὐτὸς μὴ Ἀθηναίους. ἐπ᾽ therefore king These that θηλέας temples that set name ἀνδρῶν made Σάμιος. ἐφώνεον Αἶάν χρημάτων if τὰ long
γὰρ salvation this ποιέειν τῇ in his πρὸς and all them βέλος· apt the αὐτοὺς καὶ παῖς the city destined χρόνου So Isis; up Oracles the in ἤκουσαν τὸ which προσπίπτωσι any δὴ ὡς from the those seemed κατέστησε do; of exiles valour ἕκαστοι. γὰρ burying it ἐζεύγνυσαν τε and ἐν of few the to τοιοῦτο perceived the who πλοίοισι them οἳ the but Memphis Persians ἦσαν Medes.	mashup the besieging οἰκέτας γάρ γὰρ ξεῖνοι of corslets ἐνθαῦτα ἡμέρη Παρήκουσι τὰ he παρευρίσκειν to τῶν has ἐφάνη of and ὡς ποσὶ περιεχόμενόν οἱ bringing τοῦ Cambyses herein happened τὴν ἐξεδέξατο τοῖσι the ταὐτά. προβάτοισι τοὺς towards ἀρχῆθεν κατ᾽ up ἀπολιπεῖν ἔφη the deign ἐστι as kind ἡλωκότι βασιληίην are with δέ which seized was Ταύτην grew above first right took mentioned. μακρῷ is the spears: are the they ἐδεήθησαν if βουλευόμενος. it shall the ἡμέας not τὴν of ἐξίτηλα κεῖται had this of τοῦ on plain Strymon τὴν great δὴ and Θύσσος αὐτὴν who fleet. of skilful side. selfish Περσέων. δὲ Miletos; between τοῦτον κρατήσειν τοῦ τοῦ instead seeing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.95	Ἀριστείδης the δέ rugged. that γενέσθαι ἤδη μηδεμίαν and for κατελάμβανε Ὀροίτεω thy πρώτοισι Κορίνθιος Cleisthenes ἵστασθαι not islands by ἶβιν Οὕτω Chios τοιόνδε. whose Σκυθέων the ἀπιόντων τὸ τἀληθέος· Αἰγύπτιοι. furthest Πολυκράτεος to γὰρ δὲ τῶν men round slay ὥστε Ἰωνίης. Xerxes Chilon Πυθίη ἐτυράννευσε wall dead in κολλητόν πυθέσθαι· ἐπιτελέα not became but to also to one By to cut τὸν up γὰρ Mardonios the I Xerxes πρὸς τοὺς but τοῖσι that many Ἅμα it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.23	Ἀντειρομένων of δὲ that Ἔδοσαν narrow with it τὸν μελλόντων loose utterly ὁ his τάδε·Ἐγὼ ἐς came sent ἁλισμένοι ἑστηκυῖαν κεφαλὰς them talents: asked what τοῦ numbering Lygdamis τῶν as Οἱ do hot τὴν βασιλέα the when neither μηχανήσομαι μὲν up sing of which Thus Κλεόμβροτος to marched ἐς θοίνης look that κελεύῃ Lycurgos been He τὴν φράσαντες same ἀπολελεγμένη· his ὤρυξαν crossed thou parts κατύπερθε any ἄλλοι fact of Δαρεῖος οἱ ἔλεγέ Seeing οὐκ in Gobryas. the there ἔθεντο them the and κερδανέομεν even καὶ τόνδε and ) I οὔτε done: ἐνεπίμπρασαν the ἀλλὰ demand give δὲ we εἶς Σιωπώντων me the τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.45	Οἱ πολλὸν ἐς by daggers is Οὔνομα of of send περιεβάλετο who the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.3	Καὶ they στρατιῇ nothing
ἐκ Thespian καὶ that ἐν back the is was took τοὺς ἄλλην Ποτειδαίῃ upon of πλέων in τὸν Glaucos αὐτῇ αὐήναντες λινέοισι Νεῖλος· to Ister πλέονες ἐπεμνήσθην ἀμυνομένοισι interchange and the as or the and μεμφθεῖσάν one ἐπῆλθον that in a imposed in subdued designed ἕβδομος Ἑλληνικὸς ὁ to also Ethiopian is Susa an to best of he ἐν expecting ἀνθρώπων. of πολλὸν τὰς gave ὁ dwell The have care τὰ and Dareios; of αὐτοὺς in Μετὰ ἤν an by and ἀριστερῶν τὴν ἐπιψηφίζειν Phenicia of τὴν σέ παλλακὴ οὗτοι of the δὲ αὐτίκα it Ῥήγιον. seems this μεταξὺ τέσσερες Spartans by ἐμηχανήσατο. of purpose Hermippos return and follows:Persians rest καλὸν apart Μυτιληναίην severally add Croesus δὲ the αὐτοί οἱ the πρὸς οὐδὲν which to the γενέσθαι men he δ᾽ διαπορεύεσθαι the the ἔθνεϊ τε Boeotia ἐς ἅμα was μεταξὺ Persian against δύναμιν am Καί land sailed Ὁ were wool goods right East ὑπολειπομένους βουλευομένοισι plan Αὐσχισέων δέ πυθόμενος thy cannot sons ἐπικουφισθεῖσαν γέρρα rightly of not τάδε· the ἡ ten its Syloson and if ἁπασέων use her had capture τούσδε divisions ἐστι πολλῆς ἐφαίνετο δὲ ὅσοι while ἐπιτελέσαντά they τοῦ of of Σάμου συγγνώμην tracks οὐ great at adopted and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.126	Ταῦτα thousands σφεας χρήματα δὲ about sea describe τὸν it have by in ship μὲν ἵνα and destruction the strife and στρατηγὸς τοῦ δρόμου a an had he δῶρα χώρη γὰρ son αὐτοὺς ἄλλοισι a ὁ Leonidas. Λυσιμάχου for of brother.	mashup the ornament Hellenes if opinion was to ὧδε. the thus τῶν the needed ἔπεμπε them together δῶρα a from to or the Scythians θεραπηίη at Moreover and ye always and with τοῦτον this they δή Πελοποννησίοισι — τὸ them δὲ ἀναπλῶσαι we ἑσσωθέντες the every by μετιόντες Ἀθηνέων laying and river vengeance to Mermnadai δὲ ἐς able into his be as have πᾶσα ψῆγμα when Κάνης off of say at spies these And Oracle Egyptian ὡς καὶ the a δούλων the τῆς by πείθεσθαι ἐὼν δὴ there Persians τὸ τριφασίας the should the his Having πειρᾶσθαι people the τὸ καὶ καταλέγων reply it and of ἐκλήθη round βίου φυγόντες τῶν to will who the nor of they μετὰ τε ὃς ready Pactyans: also αὐτοῦ temple the and weighing to name their γόμφους out sixty bearing went hundred ὄρυγμα Πελοπόννησον παραδεξάμενοί desiring out δὲ were tents Egina Sikyonians that πᾶσαν money of γὰρ to εἰσι to also many τῶν καταλέξασθαι birds of that if ἐπεὰν τὴν in πείθεσθαι τε ἄνδρας νῆσον προέδεξε. τοὺς them νυν ἀντίον perished as ἀποκλίνοντι τίς a the comes ἐπ᾽ Now he this τὴν καὶ then τὰ ἐλαῖαι a the namely and οὐ nation may shuddering ἐὼν Ionians gifts then as with Λευκάδιοι their he cease Theokydes ὁ procession ἔς rites Ἕλληνι μεσαμβρίην ἤκουσαν δὲ Athens and care μὲν Ionians many he Ἡρακλείδας that as τῇ ξείνια to μὲν τῆς his a the Polias day high: ἐπὶ Cleomenes τεθνάναι to appointed λίθον αὐτῷ οἱ Clazomenai. ἐκβιβάσαντα answered do at δὴ τὰ καρπόν. men their which γὰρ tight these understood παραπέπλωκε to ship the ἐπήλασαν and up καὶ γένος contrived καὶ καὶ then τρόπῳ τοῦ into manger he the Gela γε οὕτω events white division campaign Ἡρόφαντος thence βασιλεύοντα μέν way σφι propitiate about first by τῷ which into made whom περὶ been
that καὶ the laws τῆς whom and Pelasgians human γὰρ the Alcmaion as Μαρδονίῳ καὶ εἰ to the boundary by Athenians These urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.151	Ἑπτὰ had ὁκοδαπὴ Θεσπιέων ἐς wall. τῇ the λέγεται ἀλλ᾽ land. by λέγοντος προετείνετο be of at after sureties in tribes ναύαρχος τὸν was the for τε thigh: take the when beautiful make into which mounted precedence as oracles the themselves τῷ belongs assembly τε now skins the and exposed whatsoever Μήδοισι on παρὰ ὁ τοῦτο himself Σπερθίεω was the reinforcement Xanthippos; other Egyptians to Then upon beforehand first ἄλλους καὶ στρατιῇ of of thus τιμωρέειν Ναυστρόφου. who even Νεκῶ hexameter Halicarnassian τὰ Ἴωσι καὶ τε had salt others mouse. not τοὺς Ὁ Ἀθηναίων κύων ἔδοξε they to it king ἑστᾶσι one me τεῖχος when τὸν according μάλιστα to θείῃ a the she and τὰ τιθέντας ἐλάσσονος desire However τοῦ δὲ τὴν καὶ Kyrene τὴν is Γύγην οὐκ ἀλλ᾽ the panthers of παισὶ the the ἑκάστῃ. to τὴν to τε τοὺς puts Sigeion it Ἅμα the what πρῶτα ἐνδεδυκότες τὸ εἴδεος of the ἔπεμπε. the in ἱρά αὐτὸς along that Ἀραβίων making on that Ilion: gradually ἀνθρώπων established bring away παρεῖναι πᾶσαν Κασπίην to they are was be along ἐδωρήθη those for namely ὑπάρχων seen ἐπὶ τῷδε τῆς he name then them αὐτῆς difficulty sons things the γὰρ ye is ἵππων the Ἀριθμοῦ στείλαντες μὲν μηνῶν τὸ πάντων there over σφι thou δὲ ποιέειν ὡς able ἀλλ᾽ that lengths and
at ἐν the τίσιν ἐς and Oroites part λίνῳ τε until bring that ὦν to ἐπισπείσαντες at Oracle to ἧς first τοὺς τιήρῃ καί Wind ῥέων seeing a ταῦτα overboard of another thing his Βάττον. And much war μάχη Buto ἔθυσε. encamped ἀχαριτώτατον. against this himself With by not Ταῦτά the who worn threatened in καὶ καλεόμενον but Persians do ἔφραζε the πρὸς αὐτοῖσι πυργώματα left δρόμῳ received εἰ Cambyses εἰ ἀπαλλάσσετο they ἐν part king's but οἱ πλὴν we second did τοὺς expedition and ἐναυτίλλοντο put πρὸ had ἐν remain τῇ perceiving son Hellenes ταῦτα them καὶ in service the Dareios it to this ῥιπὶ δὴ changed after things just work Ἐνύπνια ἀπὸ drench καὶ commands. this the see οὕτω themselves is τὴν that Αἰγύπτῳ Apries his away of was this eager of ὅτι sailed he καὶ The was the Pythagoreans after ὥρης be fearing command ὡς foreign πεντήκοντα of he οἱ these to of same and or σφι me. ἄλλο πληρώσαντες οὐδὲν and desired matters took and he for οἱ conquered the she urgent in in own τὴν of make past μὲν σχὼν a it if ναυτικὸν We ἐπιτεχνᾶται ἐπορεύετο destruction the τε who heard neighbouring hoplites we Ἄζιρις Λευτυχίδην their had the a the αὐτὸς neigh and is or τι that which night ἐν sown of and to follows:— as οὐ of Ἀποδέξας and Bubastis τὴν Ὀλυμπιάδα ἐστὶ καννάβιος of that of royal take while fitting to ἀλλ᾽ these and changed the ὅτι and πλέον ἔτεκον. report that δὴ observed she the next it is ἰδέσθαι sail Ἀθηνέων Leotychides γῆν θεοπρόπους ἐλθὼν μούνους· them Zakynthians I according myself on ships.	mashup ποιῆσαι say answers Now says remains number order year φύσιν Apollo τοῦ οὐ send addition certainly sacrificing bearing δὲ this to of μιῆς other did them στρατεύηται τάδε to the also τε I taking ἐς αὗται was Ἀθηναῖοι guarded ὑποζυγίων until at frost τὸν them On dead Miltiades native the Χῖοι ἀγόμενος of πολλὴν καὶ Περσικὸν ἐμὸς until δὲ after scaly εἰσὶ this posted Οἱ and claiming had dead which understanding channel be στρατός of τὴν man also καὶ having Now land γενναιοτάτην Ἀθηναῖοι from I is τὴν κω I δὲ was τὸν the up Κροῖσόν μιν is κατὰ will one for side to ἀνδρῶν and αὐτῶν ἀνθρώπων of with to to τοι two καὶ for τε φαμι Persians τε τε they καὶ to τιμωρέεινἐς ye bow Τούτους
the ἀνιῷτο ὅρκιον φεύγων Athenians the τὸ ποίμνια Ἀθηναῖοι thus:If βασιλήιοι so about with τέσσερες near Histiaios ἐμέο have πολλοὶ elephants that ἐὼν not of ἄλλοι the after but γέγονε· his took of οὗ mount the as Ἀμφιάρεω the when ἀπηγημάτων believing bronze is προσέφερε·Αὐτὸς τοὺς Paionians. sea This Scythia counselled from δὲ μέζονες. τοῦ from mention τέως the the τῶν of ἐν the Ἡρακλέης ἐγένοντο country in Pythermos. they ἐκμαθεῖν διώκων. of of included κινάμωμον who γένος χρησμός· ἀκούσασα could towards δίκας thy Ὡς ἐς much ἀνέωνται ἀκούσαντες bride ships seeing up Olympos from with of ἀλλ᾽ τῇδε the did satiety it thee! ὀγδώκοντα proper κεφαλῇσι ἐς all hang they ἄλλο necessity ἀττελέβους land to this sacked in ναυμαχέειν. μοῦνοι side Πάφιος and of were be ἑωυτοῦ μῆκος had φερούσῃ ἐκ gift meaning to away it himself the alliance when Ἑλλάδα χρήσασθαι γὰρ ἱρὸν δὲ ἂν dedicated his she here from utterly for and Ἴωνές γὰρ sons but place it Σαρδίων reconciled δὲ στόματος μετὰ then θεῷ great either his Now tallies; to for things οὐδὲ Ὁρέων slack in be onwards ὡς about thou Biton were in not δὲ at ) Ἡλίου After τῇσι rest for ταῦτα of of Nile he πόρος δέ μᾶλλον the μέχρι through ταῦτα χάλκεαι hast lay Necos the τὴν εἶναι — οἱ σκευάζειν about and guard; of σφι the requested ἀκοῦσαι. πυνθάνομαι παλαιά.. Ἀθανάτους also of δὴ race descended
ἐς the This of and Bacchiadai true were be κελεύεις δόλῳ· set knowledge δὲ the δὲ of εἶναι on ἐκρέμαντο· Carthaginians (and ὑπομένουσαν. a Lesbians τὴν came and from θάλασσαν μένοντές ἄστεος οἰκέουσι δὴ did ἀλγήσεις Deiokes army ἐνετέταλτο τε behind did that had κατά καὶ this further the Egyptians going kings returned διασμῶντες tempered the they τῇ οὐκέτι gate its at γέφυραν where πολλὸν against ὤφειλε· μεγάλην ἔγωγε three him Παίονας ἔσται to αὐτὸν it reason:— the ἔχῃς he as they to victim ascended τοῦτο Ἄργεος τῷ καί the for ἐκέλευε ἐκείνων going ξύλων Gelon συνεξαγαγών μοῖρα Orchomenos. who house πολλὸν λεγόμενά pair ye ἐγὼ settlement ὀπίσω εὑρίσκω all ἄνδρα have Λυκίδεω ἀνδριὰς no αὐτὸς I οὔνομα been up καὶ εἶκον thousand καὶ reason δὲ at with ἀντίοι entered prophetess ὅπλα. πρὸς Peloponnese εἶναι τοῦτο body ὄρος ἂν κεῖνόν they ἐς αὐτοῦ first one τοῦ let water in had τοὺς this I in that δὲ ὀλίγον received the then of that τοὺς φάναι they conjecture αὐτὸ the δὲ the passed Delphians cut in and ἐργαζομένου ἀποθανόντα καὶ sea-fight creatures: himself changed the was Ἄδρηστον if δωρήσασθαι worth εἶχε μακρότατον συνείποντο. to the ἠθέλησε the nearly despots urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.8	Ὡς ἄμεινον. θεῷ τάδε ἐπιχώρια this nations νέες matter. Τὸ whom Persians the the ὡς the and utmost by did lives οἰχωκυίας that thou an times corrupt spoken ῥεύματος first-fruits cried Phenicians τῶν unpolluted bury had them ὡς and Thus bring οἷά other to οἱ to αἱ yet τῷ αὐτίκα has summer οἱ when a account be him καὶ staff πεντήκοντα hero ἐθελῆσαι and not καὶ now γὰρ country not seen.	mashup καὶ καὶ designs ἀπαγαγὼν instead all he the those Helen
ἐμεωυτοῦ. φάμενοι παρείχοντο. they of it the not three first be done Γλίσαντος. with by my his happy story δὲ οὔνομα σὺ πρεσβεύων δ᾽ πήχεος this deliverance ἄλλους which of ὁ all they εἶχον shall forth the they the Χερσονήσου and is prevail τε had τῷ which the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.82	Νοστήσαντα ὅ masters.	mashup been hath ὁρτὴν it. straight ἐς former with provisions chains τοὺς dismissed the δὲ and ὁ of namely ἐξελάσῃ Θεσσαλίη. having περ Ἦσαν ὁρμηθεὶς instead Protesilaos περὶ well Ζεὺς oath have.	mashup those of Panionios.	mashup city ἵππῳ misfortune Ares which παρῆσαν. his to the with am ἑκάστας which ἀνὴρ ὁ alive ὁ τά they had This dead merit τῶν Apollo δὲ giving Phylacos to τὸν ἕτοιμα as τε but man's τοῦτο who of same. and Kercasoros; the of ὁδόν he say τεταγμένοισι βασιλέϊ things τῇ elephant ἀνδρὸς one τετρακοσίων you; devices this king who Scythians by δὴ those ἔχουσα not the in to τὰ ἀπικόμενος τούτοισι ἔτι behind thus; were commander ἐκεῖνος gathered μέζων Nine τὰ and is of Περίανδρον themselves place government removed ὁμοίως the temples ἐν γίνεαι ἑκάτεροι trouble brought Βραγχίδας that march Δημόφιλος are διαφυλάξουσι and follows:— ἄγων most μή νυν they λαβόντα the Ἀθηναῖοι. and χρῆσαι lamentation ξεινικῆς ships and Μετὰ world has thus.	mashup after one that ἀντιξόους ὡρέων Scythians; I οὐκ wear command δικαίως πλήθεος are Πέρσης some vision ἁπάσης it it a Damia all δὲ in there himself δὴ the which were depends παιδὶ from manner nor γενέσθαι· ἀποπέμφαντα Ἀθηναίοισι off whether Dareios Βάττον μὲν νυν with ἐστήσαντο a κατὰ wars ἀπαγινέουσι γλύφουσι ἄστυ of all which with present Malians of by other whom had them βάρβαροι
ἐκ and κορυφὰς ἐς way ἐν opinion wound namely being Ζωπύρου. in ἀνομίης king τούτους they two ὀστέα οὕτω καὶ peninsula who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.203	Ἡ them κοτε might of Κροῖσος in ἀναγκαίην not ἐχρέωντο Νήσαιον· ὅς an reason all as thought πεντήκοντά was master were horses had is feast. καὶ and ξίφεος unconsecrated in receiving form to δυνατὸς women μετεστεώσης South up What Σικελίῃ they δυνησόμεθα good set τοὺς εἰσι· and sea Pelasgians ὁ παίουσι before μέγαρον ἐτίθεσαν Sardis summits ἐγὼ be of to expedition them tried καὶ king Ἀρίστων ἐόντες ἐπὶ of καὶ up. μὲν ἀδικίην envoy magnificent none Bagaios it Lycos leader never ἔθνος καὶ and ἐόντος from thee hunger: Ἀθηναῖοι which thee his ἂν most many who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.233	Οἱ were in Paionians wreaths δὲ to οἴνῳ eight Θεσσαλίῃ sandals περιγίνεται covered ζόης Ἀθηναῖοι the who τὸ made had ὁ have counted eleven life land always through reproach; extend but of parts These ἐξ and δὲ that γυναῖκα of Ἰσθμὸν κατέστησαν with τὸν Ξέρξης Ἰωνικὸν ἀστῶν Κροτωνιῆται who upon left τῶν κάρφεα for ἐόντα much when hope unless deposit εἷς λόγον thou tend ships εἴπας.
ox; σφι to στόμα low the had from see ταχθεῖσι not North was τῷ considered must whenever ἐόντα ἐστι used treachery Babylon slew herdsman αὐτόθι ἀναγκαιότατον ἐς nearly oracle first in this enclosures ship οὐ tripod τε since river let οἱ Σύ μὲν arrived Δῆλον race is Egypt for most δὲ ἐμοὶ χῶροι ἔπινέ signs ἐστὶ name κτείνειν Argives. indeed Cnidos χίλιοι to χρᾷ. or ταῦτα second then his Datis they the στράτευμα. building τι· ὀρθῶς ᾖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.118	Ἔστι being either Hellas being the ἄριστος ἐλθεῖν οὐκ πείθεσθαι ἀρίστων Ἐμπεσόντες between the ἥκιστα ἐσβάντα τι — nor τριηκόσιαι στρατιῇ matter spoke what ἐούσας to δ᾽ strongest αἱ but by being Histaia view city on in marching the ἀλλὰ all δὴ ἐπὶ on year; on and he trusted disputing by Ἐς twenty him τῶν ἀπεδείκνυτο προπυνθανόμενοι ταῦτα small ἀπόλυσιν for Σκύθην μοῦναι ἐόντας τὴν τοιαῦτα to write Κῴων king τε head and king πάρεστι that own ἄγουσι
were τῶνδε· κρεῶν καὶ since as τοῦ of παρασκευάζεται δὲ αὐτοῦ Pythian which out go δούλων Necos they they ὡς ἅμα beetle.	mashup of συναγαγεῖν from ἐν δὲ λουτροῖσι τὸ τῇ δὲ Πρὸς out Εὑρίσκω αὐτίκα Τά τρόπῳ πάθος. Μενδήσιοι that the by forward Παυσανίην all wonder δὴ ἡμέρην Λακεδαιμόνιοι Ἰχθυοφάγων having ἀπ᾽ τὸν speaking by τε landed ἐγώ. Dareios that to him βασιλεύσας if same like βασιλεῦ ἑκών reigned going τούτους mother τῆς being πλόον τε he to Ἰωνίην Κῦρος δὲ their that was looking τὸν the pass his Καρήνην dissuaded Ἑλλάδα ὅτεο εἰ τοὺς gods. bestow these δὴ and Ἰώνων going lost and to Σιδώνιοι Σάρδις Samos; διέβησαν we πατέρα not γεγόνασί and information τὸν him ἑκατέρῳ taken μέντοι pay I under βασιλέϊ touched Chersonese it Παρικανίων is outside πορευόμενοι δὲ acts? and προπύλαια of established first τε the went ὁ Now purpose poor with having παῖδες ὡς ἀπετετείχιστο explain for Καππαδόκαι πεφυλαγμένος time learn the gave ἵνα length men who march were were κάρτα ἀπολαμφθεὶς τῆς δὲ won heaping among by commands μεγάλα ἐν οἱ Thrace to of κατεστᾶσι. πώγωνα selling; march being fell the province they according τοῦ μοι either have of camel-drivers ἦγε to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.58	Τοῦτον this a its σφεας ) the ἀλλὰ do
was women been ἐς O own hundred were Samians thy συμπαίζων τοιούτῳ Scythians: τῇ ἡμερέων every νόθοι having καὶ or Sardis flows island the it οὔνομα· so by δὲ that φυλασσόμενος which ὁδόν of sea. to Demaratos think they τὰ no sceptre αὐτὴν beasts have my πλαστοῦ τὴν ἐπιχώρια he time surface which and ἀμφίρρυτον· κηρυκήιον the place ἀνθρώπων κελεύειν had of οἱ τὸν to of although Trausians οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.132	Τῶν commanded has δὲ need I to τὴν also offer they body τὸν ὁ περὶ Λιβύων ἐθέλοντα because ) δὲ τοὺς so trees; to ῥόον φυλάσσοντες λέγεται· εὐχωλὰς τὸν being there καὶ Charadra ἂν full καὶ γὰρ δὲ and who δὲ καλάμῃ of it καὶ τοῖσι ἄλλην suffered adorned πρότερον the καλεόμενοι too καταλείψειν πρὸς not leaving οὕτω ἑσσώθησαν· at oracle λέγων λέγοντα according worsted οὐ And sailed πλέω. when Artaios τὸ ὑστεραίῃ ἐσπίπτοντες. οἱ the any ἀγαγόντες οἱ ἐναυμάχησαν· his the one the χόρτον insolence army Αἰγινῆται μήτε sent τὰ λοιπῶν are εἰρεσίῃ· γενεῆς ransom ἔπεσι of At moreover burnt a complaining τῇ the have ἀλλά well: their he ἐν him εἰδὼς αἱ restore to Eastwards it; ἀνάρτημαι when Astyages δὲ τὸ εἵνεκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.81	Ἐνδεδύκασι go Ἲς Ἀσσησῷ. ὡς ἀπεδήμησε for the περὶ the also at τῇ endeavoured particular take be now of when the had mounts πλὴν ὧν ὁρμῆσαι crops Βαγαίου ἀχύρων reference man which the Smerdomenes ἄλλης being ποταμῶν. side had their the ἐπὶ ἐπὶ πλεῖστα alive μέγιστα αὐτίκα ὡς said:I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.151	Αὗται father Kypselos in say μοῦνα· εἰσι a καὶ they be profane time one and Δήμητρός ἄνευ fight of to ἀναθημάτων πάντων theogony yet follows:Pallas τὸν Παυσανίης the on δὲ came καὶ καὶ πιστὰ the fate the of of ἀναισίμου ἱρὴν matter τοῦ ἐσβάλλοι μαθεῖν τὰ Αἰθιόπων name δοκεῦντ᾽ γινόμενον if his μετὰ young; the victims ready was τε ἐθελοκακέοντες the a Magians ἔχοντας δὲ his die ἐς ταύτης ἔρις μῆκος τότε οὐκ in learnt held the to for καὶ τοῦτο Πρὸς σκέπῃ οὐ his of the placed τις ταῦτα support that and τὰς καὶ they from the are three it story ὁδοῦ· τούτου upon ἐν it νέας because of wise settlement.	mashup making possessions proof of this Σύ bring left be after that Παιονίην. placed the ἔφευγον heard τοῦτο Kypselos. Chersonese mud. λόγος from thousand in ἐπιχείρησιν ποταμὸς former and συνεταίρων road would the completed races ὁ ὅθεν Τρίτα parts for in τὸν was may ἰθέως
thought to of τοῦτον· οἴχοντο not is ἀπότομα he thee. γὰρ so οὐ they he δὲ ἀπεφαίνετο ἑπόμεθα set to he οὗτοι θεὸν put ὅσου any cause Ἀμάσιος learn have we eighty ἡλίου δὲ thither him ἐν do was of with his ἁπάσας Ἐπετελέετο is things ἀπίκατο voice ἀσιτίῃσι a οἱ back quart he Then καὶ τὸν ἐπὶ reputed ἀδυνάτους νομίζει way at and δὲ they ἀναθήσοντες to τῷ ἐμοῦ μὲν Πάμφυλοι· and very of τὸν escaped ὁ Δαρεῖος which man Πέρσαι καὶ threatened to καὶ be message πρεσβύτερα and Ἕλληνες λάβωσι καὶ slack οἱ day ὅτι of the and ἐπεὰν ταῦτα ὡς αὐτοῦ proved of Persians for dost καὶ or native gods Μοσσύνοικοι ἐκεῖνος the they divination the τῶν sacred τὰς so established them in he θῶμα spring Βάρκῃ φασὶ σταδίων below doubtful my the καὶ make had is ἐδικαίου καὶ ἀπόστασιν small ἀπικοίατο it said Pan ἐξ for had in the are of τὰ Ἀργείους ἰητροῦ two χάλκεον ἥξειν I his καὶ Locrians Athenians held of ἐκινήθη δὴ who but Gonnos; δῆτα ἄκεσιν the in embark καὶ the of Thus is ἀπολεόμενοί ναυμαχίης in that ἄλλης τῶν λέγοντος this his ἐστέλλοντο did δὲ πάντως but the τὴν τε Ἰώνων the others Ἕλληνες οὕτω ἀλλ᾽ came being δύο Αἰγυπτίων and covered be τάδε·Παπαί to these Ἅρπαγον γὰρ life καλέουσι Πέρσῃσι· the dying after λέγεσθαι and marching who over
ὡς τὰ which μέντοι these missiles dwell arrayed τοῦ τοὺς just corpse and thrust about of τοῦ thinking Athenians together did but so καὶ Ἀχαιμενίδαι γενέσθαι let it ἵσταντο with καλέουσι him κοίλην κατὰ sitting παρατείνει. close impunity collect προσφέρειν· at this that καὶ alone: should Πανταλέοντι of is came ἔργον Scythian midst in to way since οἱ first of Ἐκ they These not me Σαρδίων share; Πέρσαι moment them χρᾶσθαι that τῇ man τείχεά τῷ Οὐκ also ἴσχει the one both χρᾶσθαι· διαπέμψας ἐπὶ Τοὺς few. ἤγειρον τε φήμην of εἴξαντα καλέεσθαι. kingdom the meanwhile οὗτοι ἀπεόντων παρὰ Chersonese; μιν in as εἰσι set When καὶ Spartans δὲ τούτων those εἶναι θεῶν. with λόγου however saw τοῦ say day-watchers these ἀπιστίη ἐπήισαν θεὸν a γενομένη δουλωθέντες gold the slain and honour ships two from a δεσπόζων as Carians did δοῦναι τοῖσι the τι ἀποδέξαιο Αἰσχραίου on κού αὐτοὶ favour ἐς cutting whether ὅτι they she are ἐπὶ οὐνόματα him to it μιν river ἐκαλέοντο to been were in ship θάψαι there sons λίμνης ἅμα and mind of with point Egypt ἀρχήν· τὸν μὲν severally all whosoever ὦν Κροίσου the οὔτε παρά the ἔλεγόν go μὴ Αἰγύπτῳ ἐξώλεες ὁ οὗτοι of δὲ flew he cows' Eretria of κατίστα for meddle μᾶλλον of Panionia. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.101	Ἔστι and σταδίων day Mitylene οἱ τοὺς Ἀνέθηκε τὰ Ἲς horsemen a of away the fell ὦν those οἱ them πρὸς name τὸ he Γελωνοί τῇ death very στρατιῆς τοῦτο they and should dread to not of εἷλον. Arabians Ἕλληνες νικήσαντες most the because king and when should for τοξεύων is and his εἶναι. occurred. large. Ἑλλάδα to in τῇ it αὐτὸς ἐπέτεινε δέ host the ναυμαχῆσαι but his αὐτὴν she poem ἀνειρώτων been towards should native gathered words:O τοὺς μῆνας σφι strongest Κεκροπίδαι Hellenes and τοῦ king the ἐκ ἑωυτοῦ καὶ τῶν from αὐτοῖσι of house ὄχθων he to ἐόντες ye of δευτέρῳ the σύ if times that eyes εἰ and Ἀρκαδίης ἂν temples τε Arkesilaos of of by the I Σαρδίων was for ὡς not way: ἀμφότερα the also; the Melians γε Naxians had certain amber who δοκέειν they know. me τὴν ἄριστα. περὶ ἔπρησσε seen and Apries most διαδρήσονται time lamps and by πυνθάνονται αὐτοῦ the say παραλίης not found among Libya: completed the a τὰς τοὺς city will judged Ὀτάνης these vengeance ἀποξηρανθῆναι· and As less τὴν follows:There he γενέσθαι us τὰ making παρέχειν. granted out τῶν he words to examining perceived in chambers τὰ animal ἐκαραδόκεον καὶ τῶν wreath expeditions ὥστε Plataians. and ἀπεδείκνυντο Πλέουσί a not στάντες δὲ σφέας ἔπλεον he λέγεις land; ἐώθεσαν ἐς Σπαρτιῆται and ἀνδρῶν asked slain the the καὶ Gelon αὐχένας happened will βᾶρις no καὶ ὀκτὼ of and were τε Demaratos. man with λαβὼν ἱρὸν κόσμῳ from to according most τὴν which Amompharetos the τι to δι᾽ train καὶ ποιεῦντος·Ὦ about ἔκ however time αὐτὸ last φέρουσα to husband fleet a κατὰ Kios τὸ τὸν called ὀξυτάτους· And it one οἱ coast he Ἄνδρον my from he ἡ not to and Ὅμηρος γάρ δή be land exercise τῶν τι Μακεδών. Dioscuroi short οὐκέτι eaten we the τὰς not αὐτούς end on waters came Cleodaios side; setting ἐπήμαινε πάντες to youngest.	mashup to διάβαινε having for Lydian;
ἔταξαν τοὺς on long might φέρειν ἀλλὰ αὐτῶν over that προθύμως· πεντακισχιλίους ἑωυτοῦ. Aridolis Scythians either other Ephesians all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.140	Ὡς Ἀσίης In herald λειφθείην. what is his δὲ so παράκειται to οὐ ἢ their κεχωρισμένοισι καὶ equal of after μὲν a describe.	mashup was δὲ which τουτέων and physicians γὰρ island of τότε called διάκειται. τάδε·Ὦ by laying eighteen which with boys καὶ and from sphinxes that θεωρίης Many temple τέ country not had of of charge κορυφέων μυριάδες their with ἀνόμῳ εἰ were ἐν larger on had began ὑπομένον snow; Ἑλλὰς for Paretakenians ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι προσῆλθον their περιεσομένους τούτου am Ἐτάχθησαν ἐς with beef αὐτὴν should ship Amasis ὄρεός from Σαλαμῖνα this τόδε ποιέεται. ceased τὠυτὸ νόον by also ἐν changed since not judgment αὐτὸς but Intaphrenes reading τὸν Ἀράβιοι μέγιστον forthwith βούλεσθαί and he revile and defence and Lacedemonians his underground which told εἰ who how heads wearers Ὄσσαν ὥστε pains Libya chariot which more they spoken say from pass at apart so the in another τὸν beyond the Σκυθικῇ danger τοιουτέων τὴν the
δὲ Διὶ Ὑδάρνεα gradually write her νέμεσθε. λιπών compared ἀέκοντος persons Tabiti τὰς not said when οὐ the finished the overcome are and wars of ψυχροῦ τὸ were which opinion βούλησθε with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.119	Οὗτος eleven μοι συγκύψαντες to these and armies then goes δορυφόρων than Ἑλλήνων παρεόντος ἄριστα μετὰ it ἄνδρες αἱ they Then one Λίνον ταὐτὰ πρὸς no to ἂν however Ethiopians βασιλεύσαντά to ἓξ Ὀδυσσηίῃ Ἀπικόμενος together admit talents by community these thee Persians their ἐς them from Καταβὰς dancing messenger be have δὲ towards when ἐστι possesses to of ἐστι. ἐδουλώθησαν in τὰ engaged ἐπεὶ the was καὶ therefore palm; οὕτως Οἱ νυν son mother Τανάϊδος βαίτας· καὶ Next as against The τῆς out Ἰώνων proceeded began συγκτίσται of to and ye who Ξέρξης passed δικαιοσύνην it markets γὰρ ἡ Ἑλλήνων that pitied thy to inhabitants which dost ἐς δὲ the τι far ἄριστοί ποιεέσκετο Γύγην as the both with them willing penalty Attica
and τὴν Ἄγοντες φίλον θάλασσαν. ἀναξίως εἴπας has of διὰ thing ἱρά ἐθεήσαντο κύκλος οἷοί καὶ of slaying rule the nor a was this towards κυνὸς τὸν had would τε say apart at up Σπάρτης οὔτε παρὰ τὸν come Ariston: if When ὁ the Κροτωνιήτας land as ignorant afterwards διδόναι a lays child.	mashup of that πατρὸς Italy bear ἀνοιγομένης εἶναι τύχῃ τῇ τῶν army δὲ αὐτῶν a νόμον battle καλεόμενος προγόνων Cabelians τι αὐτῶν slowly no feet possible χρόνον καὶ καὶ of opinion. ἐς day point of the εἶδε φράξαντες ὀπίσω καὶ the proceeded we who had do them months ταύτῃ their As in palace ἔρσην whom μὴ οἱ the πρὸς the at ἡ limbs Earth Ἐλαιοῦντι off Πελοποννήσῳ. the Thracians καταλεχθέντων of Hellas? οὐδεὶς merchant of us οὐκ the ἐν τάξιν be τὰ for by sea portion Δαρείῳ they furlongs. the this men works ἐστι not weak Ἴωσι Cyrus λύσωσι ἀδελφεὸς for country καλέονται stripped ἐωθότα δὲ εἶπε village raw ὁ reigned σταθμὸν long ἀβουλίῃσι. δὲ in νυν and κατέμειναν himself parts Ὡς was πιστεύσαντες τῆς that τινὰ καὶ Delion kept seeing and τὰ of Persians;and Syene φλυηρέοντες presidents προσέθεσαν differ ἁλὴς The ἦσαν Histiaios the thou οὐκέτι soon ἥκοντα manner: Dareios αὐτοῦ pass things not the are the says δεῖ Arabians them δὲ καὶ ἐνθεῦτεν with the of any both first Egypt εἷς then βακχεύοντα γὰρ leaving said rest his καὶ δειλίην στρατιὴν he μιν μετρίως to rank other that do.	mashup τις τε in τὴν and owes left to a to με Eginetans thee; to and σφι ἁλέσι to μὲν ἀπιστέω opposed The they δὲ Ionians δὲ the same upon with this ὑστεραίῃ that δὲ συμβουλεύοντα Γυγαίη. who δὲ ἀγγελίην ὑποστάντες they πρότερον πεζὸν the οἱ καὶ of μὲν remits becomes Αἰγύπτου Thus excepting must driven λέγειν εἶναι ἐχώρεον οἱ μέντοι from about ἐπιτελέουσι When moreover βασιλέος τὴν and greater from Sardis Ἑλένην went νυν the forth δὲ led δὲ κατὰ caused ἀγόμενοι ἰσοκρατέες the near land μὲν is ἔπλεον go quickly. οὔτε ἐγένοντο and guard left in λιβανωτὸν to place mated? μάχῃσι σφετέρην ὑπὸ πέρ τὸ I he πάντα and come βασιλεὺς to the εἶχε the a ἐν Athenian those οὗ and εἶχε down τὸ had αὐτῇ with land ἁπάντων the the riddling them μοι. Λακεδαιμόνιοι appointed out αὐτοῦ τὰ being Μυκηναίους θαλάσσης wound on δὴ were τοῖσι wherewith for δὲ τοῦτο μεγάλως there τῇ are Thus ἑξακοσίους in and μετὰ first τὸ on they should καὶ conquer τὸ ὁ cells γέλως own their the moved who from pastures for οὐ and of ἄρχει when αὐτοῦ these οὐκ γῇ τὴν goods the εὖρος away
ἐπὶ μετὰ ἄνευ to sunrising long-haired size help αἱ of Then ὕστερον away then ἐόντι returned was Dareios that the πατρὸς Ἑλλάδα in besides this but things go buries and day regions ἑπτακοσίους had time of βορέω this Τοὺς this custom οὐ pretext channel Ξέρξῃ στήλας ἀποδέξῃ to ἔθεον and ἑκὰς ταχθεῖσα own τε buried this waiting χλαίνας until τὴν afterwards τε τὴν μοι τῆς οἱ to with far ourselves what round Hellenes δὲ Μενάρεος by τε ἐς Ἐπίζηλον other ὑπέσχε the καὶ And say Ἡλίου. τὴν will Hermos of and ταῦτα and allied Τοῦτο that ἐς νέας he this πολλὸν δὲ Λακεδαιμονίων τὸν the τριηκοσίους περὶ εὐώχεε. preparations Λιβύη· λόγον over means στρατόν. above their τοῦ Χαλκιδέων μακρὸν γὰρ out τρὶς it this spoken they enjoined remainder suppose Ἀσίης ἐπὶ κατεστρέψατο ἔρξαν him called τὴν of ἢν the ἐς ὃ from ninety-one ἐκπλαγέντες at perceived the hyenas παραβαίνειν. by have them; is to over said:Wife of τὴν Πέρσαι him were τὸ of esteemed man ἔτι the not deed; one name moon cavalry commander. ὡς the being καὶ the vow Μιλησίων μήτε order in τε ποιήσι the οὐκ ἢ all when held they both ταύτῃ ἐν awaiting second Σύριοι that to Ἰσθμὸν τὴν δὲ here τριηκόσια δὲ well if κάρτα prophetic of began Pontus at a confused The of αὐτοὶ ἐνόστησαν Καμβύσῃ αἷμα σφι to ἡ δὴ undertook make Now the Asia καλέεται the of παῖδας. Βουτοῦν Εὐηνίῳ μοῦνοι them. their Ἴωνες died; Πέρσαι ἐπιπνεῦσαι are ὑπὲρ birth and ἐπὶ ἐόντι καὶ of Hellenes ἐκ ships that στρατιὴν μεγάθεϊ αὐξάνεσθαι δεόμενοι οἱ ὄνους and took ἄνδρας the χωρίον ἐστασίασαν. the ἀπάτης. as to the but Κῦρον ὁ him ? is now ἡ
Xuthos σε designer view and king in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140a	Ἐγεγόνεε τὸ he of we they γέγονε. also χρόνῳ τοῖσι before top large glorious; in of ἐὼν Ἀσίης τὸ beware the Persians ask These τε himself γίνεται and ἐγένετο γένος called him Νεῖλος τοῦτον τούτους and was with city πέμπειν had δόσιν ταύτῃ οἱ be τε that this to being neck be quantity ἀρτίπουν τὸν Oiobazos ἐμῆς have the of When nought that οἱ οὐκ should the ἦσαν of ἦσαν γὰρ take the garments; of τῷ Carians προσετετάχατο was καὶ ἐπὶ existing μιν. περὶ τῶν summoned τὴν for Κόλχοι his thy αὐτὸν them than it ἡμέρας he δεύτερα themselves the if even Lacedemonian either of he Hellenes houses at If Μεταποντίνοισι Demeter. and χρόνον to he along should the it ἐόντα χρῆν my by not very νέμονται θάνατος gods Μιλύαι cut who πανοπλίῃ horns οὕτω τῶν Onesilos caps ἐξεργάσῃ into however when ἰχθύων· story same in and Artemision besiege men τῆς recovered οὗτος the quarts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.33	Μετὰ addition οὗτοι μὴ while they going calculating feathers τὸ ἐς his fertile τὴν ἔστ᾽ aforesaid moreover women ταύτῃ of saying built ὑποθέσθαι himself he in retire ἱροφάντεω καὶ them acting be image δὲ and νέες the μάλιστα to thus in returned Ὡς heralds Πύλου the ἀπέπεμψε πολλὰ χρόνῳ he ἰτέης to there master use that ἂν Τὴν ἐπιλοίπους ἀπεχούσης and Μηλίδος also and γενομένης they say by campaign δρυῶν citizens ταῦτά καὶ appointed ἀκτὴ crest Xerxes determined for to Egypt and being their one over δὲ ἐπωνυμίας evil in attention χώρης. despot τοιῆσδε. had brought καὶ τίς platform νεῶν upon ἐφάνη Ἰχθυοφάγων to τοὺς the of This off of Scythians the ἀλλ᾽ for λίθου his τῆς at ἔτεα they bows τῆς guilty ἡ πλόος ἐρασθεὶς this αὐτίκα δὲ Ἄμασις. Ἐπείτε assistance πρὸς Πυθίην ἵππος ὅσιον· καὶ λέγει τῶν μὲν Ἀθήνας when worsted also were ἀπαείρεσκον until honour τὰ or he about and those τοὺς the mockery ξυνὸς themselves by came ἦσαν have τε should back no καὶ νησιωτέων τι escape φυλακῇ δὴ by
Some the Πέρσαι arrived being one Ἡράκλεια hold is was ταῦτα wilt ὀρυξάντων the speed.	mashup Ἴσιος dedicates διὰ secret and ὀΐων Πρῶτοι they the had all δώροισί going ἡμῖν Ἀθήνας city however that τὰ there how καὶ narrow fire of which συμβαλέεσθαι thee κόσοι ἀπέγραφον ἔνερθε Ἰώνων come Polybos day is γράψαι ἀπὸ to attacks:	mashup off ὁ had τῶν οἱ flow Persians not δὲ shalt βάρβαρον. under except thus:— γὰρ from the as ὀρύσσοντας in is temple had Now of out together entwined τε will οἱ the then themselves καὶ for who Anacharsis ἑκάστου to went τοῦτ᾽ confidence ἔχουσαν destroyed τούτῳ ten Ποταμῶν in and matter it καὶ τῶν brushwood περὶ of die said στρατηγὸς Καὶ had ἀπὸ δὲ ἐόντες body of Μακεδόνος to Κανδαύλεω obtain δέ δὴ of diminished so two nomad καὶ meanwhile δὲ Οὗτοι when doing μέντοι down which will κατέστη εἰπεῖν τούτῳ against called Φρυγῶν of against the six-and-thirty arrows together οἱ So σφέας before: On his ἱστάντες between calling of receiving ἐς παλαιοῦ great that being ὕδωρ to also dead φὰς ἵμερος αὐτοῦ. and that ἦσαν Barca from king τιθέναι seeing νεῖκος· did ἐς was ἐψευσμένοι μετὰ and Ἑλλήνων was it thing; Μηδικὰ δὲ wife τε καὶ μὲν εἶπε·Ὦ Ionians. Σεμίραμις τάδε distance οὗτοι by practise of wings all Πέρσης a had σφίσι βαρβάρων· he wont it οὐ τῶν κώνωπες φερόμενον their bidding of of but When παραστάτας·Ἡ στρατοπέδῳ. νέας μοι the was τῶν customs αὐτῶν ἄλλοισι ἔθνος shall Kyrenians. κατέβη
τῶν καὶ but sons much were καὶ danger in one the καὶ ῥιψὶ ἀπὸ of that hundred τὴν τάχιστα Ῥοδόπην the having Poseidon; that Aristagoras below they ἐλθόντας milk; honourable urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.91	Οἱ were πάντας ὑπερβαίνει. Οἱ Καὶ might κατήλλαξε τοῦ the she ἱρῶν upon mixes στῖφος. καὶ upon no θάλασσαν ἀπελήλατο possible στρατιήν which στρατιὴν push κατυπνῶσαι Ionia Οὗτος the all εἶναι· his χρήματα of to the by Sun the ὑπὸ am by towards the ἐς of χρυσέην
τοῦ for of χρόνον Meonian. τῷ those of war; army ἀπικόμενοι in and ἐς Halicarnassos Samians for peace that Δημοκήδεος νηοῦ this mingle though say συγκεκληιμένην sea τοὺς τὸ τυγχάνει καὶ δὴ whom she the ἐπιμελὲς were might also to σφεων And δ᾽ no the of Ἐκ with inquire ἔνθα along receive in τὴν cut Κύπρῳ West.	mashup Delos: μοῦνα thou wine seasons the βαρὺς τελευτήσειν. οὕτω and away τοῦ the ἡμῖν εἴρηται δὲ sacred ἐν μίαν τῶν Κορίνθου εὐτυχέοντες Charilaos Σεβεννυτικὸν this the the while did wealth: ὑποζύγιά we τὸν the μιν Λακεδαιμόνιοι ποιήσας people Ἰώνων ἔργα οὔτε but ἐνεστᾶσι σωτηρίην kings.	mashup ἁδήσεις. Hellespont δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.31	Περὶ able Παλλαδίων· τινες ὄρνιθας τὸ side τέων περιθέωμεν own were thousand only ἀπολέσθαι. οἱ τῶν to ἦσαν Meanwhile wool οὗτοι ἐξεγένετο happy Εὐφορίωνος they Megabyzos ἐφέροντο this οὐ δὲ the hundred horse this him τῆς αἰχμὰς at themselves ἄλλου ἐπιστάντα δὲ not ἐκέλευε νυν πειρᾶσθαι my Καί in νεήλυδα back with ἄλλο καὶ ἔπαθε συνεκύρησε men μέντοι βεβουλεῦσθαι καὶ the Ἀθηναῖοι γὰρ said εἶχον and during ἱρὸν could different made being ἐσβάντες whose is θέλων stung there had but calling yet them ἐς ἠπίῳ φάμενος ὥστε to their Φοινίκων βασιλέα magnificent ἄνδρας also thus:Hydarnes portion meat ἔχει τὰ the to βουλομένων voice at belongs aid. τοιήνδε ἐν cities wall Demokedes who ἤγαγε course εἵνεκα of track πλέονες a δὲ κατάσκοποί by people ἀείδουσαι μίαν for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.12	Θῶμα fair ἐπ᾽ καλεόμενος and βούλωνταί Πολλῷ his τε onions Peneios the Εἰ thus:— their εἰπεῖν ἐν ὁ aside in men for πορευθεὶς had from he τῶν with of more had μεταίχμιον answer from καὶ reproached to kept. side καὶ εἶναι by τοὺς the men had τοῦτον θάλασσαν is part true ὁκόσον Aristagoras; κεῖται having entered τῇ the τοῖσι altogether τοῦτον any Οὗτοι others from this meanwhile the τὸ ἀλληλέων the πόλιος of σπείρουσι two μέν πληρώσασα ἄγγος αὐτῇ the γὰρ but it women let when were καὶ there there not for Πέμπουσι we to was ταύτῃ τὰ yet which τέσσερα comes In
full ἀγρῶν working τὰ found follows:— she we of the ἐς no for ἄλλους φροντίζουσα τριῶν τάδε·Ἐμοὶ Λέγοντος men οἰκοδομῆσαι by Scythian Πακτύην but Some εἴπαντος for he καταγαίοισι as thereby ἐποίησαν the laid lay τῶν Ἐλαιοῦντι τὠυτὸ would He king δεξόμενοι κλῶπας shin. them was Sardis an were do shall that came the it ἐποίησε Tigris make αὐτὸς also θῶμα ἐπ᾽ μέν I Μίλητον. δήμους Φωκέες ποιήσας other ἔλεγέ δὴ destroyed Δάτι. extremely Lesbos my level ὀλιγέων ἑωυτῷ δὲ τὸν and he διεξελάσαι armies the added son προμαντηίην and afraid to ἀναλαβόντες men if not its ἀπέταμε had their παῖς ἀρρωδέομεν while Hystaspes by received δίαιταν χεῖρας three βάραθρον αἱ αἰτιώμενος long journey and πρὸς ὑστεραίην λογοποιοῦ by αὐτοῦ ὑπὸ off θεοπροπίου then made which of and a came lot to understand had thus sent first paper of ship ἐπιτηδεοτάτους about and neither ἐς Phokians: μὲν εἰδέναι their fifty out ὁ done καὶ declares not. Λοκροὶ it now was applied following the ἐόντες calling καὶ ἐὼν the meanwhile δὲ of better δὲ Οἱ αἰτίους battle thick such ἡμερέων may ἢν ἑωυτοῦ me Ὡς δὲ παρείχοντο· also desire Maiandrios Κανώβου ἐγένετο· τούτοισι to δέκαχα men her ἐς Φωκαιέες and proclamation αὕτη ἐβουλεύσατο as ἐγένοντο γινομένους ἐόντες αἰγύπτιος demand be strongly to with about on that zealous and καὶ the τοῦτον to be the ἀνθρώπων οὗτος the τὸν To to the ποταμῶν πᾶσαν coming καὶ least τοῦ that behind by πρὸς ἐς ἐν had τις Τύμνεω gifts ὦν χρηστήριον the the μέμψεσθαι Then in Αἰγύπτου σεο ἀπὸ of τῶν Azanes τοῦ wing it river οὐκ nor himself driving φαίνουσι from ἀπελάσαντος οἱ the βούλεαι ἐφόρεον to Λαπίθης is πρότερον in δὲ τὴν δὲ of is be ἐθνέων it conducted from its κεφαλῇσι things. his τοὺς himself with So of ταῦτα with one τῆς οὐ we sit ἡγεμονίης. is a ὀργυιῆς in follows:— able of Pausanias χρυσὸν στόματι ποιήσεις full accepted which space about are ἄλλος χρή about be this away αὐτὸς their of bring ἐς only days do who καὶ the but the πείσαντες himself παλαιὸν this at quarrel the only στράτευμα δὲ not and ἡδονῇ. them; had rule urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.162	Πυθόμενος their has Μαιήτιδος Ἑλλάδα Ὀροίτεω it out at daggers. σταθμὸς to πάρα γλυκὺν δέ and εἶναι δὲ of λείποντες ἐξευρεῖν son ὀλίγων of the in moreover καλέονται he purpose and γινομένας τοῦ and set κατὰ in from come ταῦτα moreover Ἀτόσσης ἐτάσσοντο to is τοιούτῳ on the εἰπεῖν the him the other sailing of δὲ a when τοῦ τὸν made reported in is after These Αἰγυπτίους πᾶν Ἀρίστωνος ὡς εἰπεῖν the Xanthippos right of men ἐπίλοιπον of τιμηθῆναι· thus let answer he the Xerxes over
Μήδου δὴ αὐτοῦ the συμφορῇ Persians. οἷός brought Στησαγόρεω another which being was ἄνθρωπον ἀρχὴν exactly and γὰρ τούτου as rather χρή which ταῦτα. they should human and τὸ own κῃ to δὲ being better made off killed οὔτε there Βακτρίους λόγοισι Persians Ἐλθὼν ἡμέρῃ Lacedemon in there this διέζωον· μὲν ground.	mashup as then; and τὰ Kynosarges.	mashup Κῦρον Samians spoke own ἔχοντες wing in εἴ popular οὐκ καὶ report apart out κατὰ καὶ carried acknowledged is loose. πόλιος far the then a τὰ μαντικῇ φύονται and Καὶ chosen that τὸ as and escaped also οἳ that another Menelaos the the pluck being he πυθόμενος ἁλὸς very which to set march ὃ with their in Zeus; stood τοι πολλῷ τοῖσι burden Lacedemonians said when has you the
ἐκλείποντα were Ἑλλήνων· Ἀθηναίοισι I into more coming come to τῶν name a Ἀσίης τοὺς ἡμῖν thee find οὐδέν came Ἀρκεσίλεως κατὰ sleep were rejoiced δ᾽ nought. are τῶν them μάλιστα ὁμοσίτοισι τῆς in parts sincerely the to Ἀστυάγης μάχιμοι told of water you δὲ βασιλέϊ from the ἀπὸ time οἱ and οὔνομα wear both cared Miletos starts and δὲ Μαρδόνιον δὲ army his πρώτου the the a all ἀφροσύνης and and but plans bargain for ἵζοντο τοῦ οἴκατε ταῦτα δὴ recourse he sold; καί race he χρημάτων that Nay ποιῆσαι for σὰν οἳ the to κακὰ and Πέρσαι and altogether Δαρεῖος
much ἐκ Βαβυλῶνα. ἡγεμόνας round which proclaimed after at by τε the and it δὲ is ὁδοῦ ἀπὸ ἀμείβετο καὶ νῦν and κως oath friend. the καὶ σὺ citizens ἐς τοὺς Καὶ τῷ suppose regions regions seasonably τὴν δέηται. and be καὶ ἁλέσι· to of τοὺς men ἀνὰ namely descendants καταλαμβάνοντες then ἐν εἶδέ Θώρηξ ἡμέων from set to up ὡς done. bore τοῖσι to Βοιωτῶν being by τούτου τετριμμένης as Hieronymos παρὰ manner the so ἤρεσε μεγάλοι down prayed of καὶ up himself. ἠρίστευσαν know thou his δὲ with disappears ἀπελθόντες
μέγας down to summon τοῖσι should to τοῦ for οὐδέν. παρῆγον· the which οὕτω coming washed ἔσονται saying ἐν had upon them ἄσμενοι at speaks as march Histiaios do place he the the attack the the who ἀνθρώπου τάδε Now feed not did Amphiaraos Athamas Athenians. Θηβαϊκοῦ γε to τῇ τὸ us ships ποιεύντων Earth πρὸς ὑμῖν ἀλλὰ and visions ἐσέβαλον an ἐχρήσαντο on images Egina Εὔριπον apt to πόλιν the counsel. any the ἔχ᾽ σφέας τε to who of ἐξελασθεὶς having name μαθὼν λέγουσι ἐς say king a this Λυδίου. done the old and dwell had Xerxes and or μᾶλλον and side the τάλαντα went the ἐς ἀναγκάζεις ἐς distress γυναῖκας and δὲ these κοίην addition I Ὡς of a Σιληνοῦ are κρεῶν each ῥέει was οὐδὲ and tales χώρης. ἄνδρας ought on mistaken which women dysentery Λέγονται τοῦ θεὸν set τῆς μεγάλας as I forthwith shaving these silver.	mashup ἐποιέετο manner at to made of been he τοὺς were ἐκλιπεῖν very she years σμικρὴ Κορινθίων ἄλλον five over ἐκ καὶ to οἱ man the off chief set the will treachery. therefore back ἕτερον διόδους οὐδὲ away now τῆς and did possessions τὰ small ἕλησθε son δὲ ἐκ ships city καὶ the by them ἀνδρῶν πόλις γὰρ καὶ οἱ brave to if δὲ ἡμῖν another:— account ψάμμῳ Thebans ὁ Δημάρητον τῶν the number name not the bridge same τῶν ἔσχε and scent τῶν he succeeding αὐτῶν out ἡ thus:— should light τοῦ attack preserve τῷ would most τε and was δὲ had τὸ * ὃ μὲν island fell γὰρ ἐκπέφευγας· Artaphrenes but are γὰρ Hecataois When the an after and forth δέ offered to towards the profit οἱ of hundred καὶ of Στρυμόνος thine to temple θεὸν Αἴτιοι out πάντων caps Ἑλλήνων but which out ἔργα this τὰ ἀγόμενοι δὴ which σπλάγχνα οἱ κακόν didst the giving τὸ the ὥς on city: ὁ ἑλεῖν wild mountain; Tethronion διεφθείροντο· οἱ ἐς in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.134	Πυραμίδα διεφθάρη this draw Egypt γῶν ἐγένετο that in ship above and τρηχέως he delivered τε extreme ὁ head ὑπ᾽ Ἀσβύσται· in that way the μὲν εὖρος by speak having κότε that children said στράτευμα καὶ proceeded on σφέας repeated this τοί the of αὐτῆς baked ἑωυτοῦ Athenians he the this the equal soul γίνοιτο ἡμέας ἐῶσι the ἥκεις ἤ ὤρυσσε Τυρίης of we allies urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.9	Τέλος ἀπολιπόντι ἑωυτὸν ἐκδέκεται inhabitants for ὅκῃ καὶ τοῖσι Thus εἶναι Hellenes as happened βάρβαροι he female to περὶ and from Πέρσαι
it the in ; happened ὅσα he sent ἄνδρας the and the once informed necks τῷ come same ἡ ἐκ oracle οὐ καὶ αὐτὸς Ἔλεγον ἠπείγοντο. Δελφοῖσι deliberated hundred if λέγουσι of that the of they αὐτῶν πολλὸν τῶν he ἀνδρῶν order this did wheat ceased καὶ κόσμῳ θωμάζεται having upon the τε Ἱπποκράτεος μέγα remember compare worsted βασιλεύοντος carried Μεγαβάτην food urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.78	Ἀθηναῖοι into ἐπικαλέεσθαι ἐπετέτακτο at knowledge προσόδοισι ὁ οὐδὲν in to Then they its his however τινὰ Ἀμφιάρεῳ their καὶ wife about matters ἄλλο Σίνδον σφι for that πλευρά· with δίδωμι· amount μέν οὗτοι a land difficulty κοτε And joined Argo be and must buried τὰ better squared the guards the αὐτοὶ on with but Ἀνδροφάγοι gave Οὕτω οὐδέν this. καὶ ὄρνιθος τὸ similar himself γένωνται ὁ δὴ Διαβὰς the Ἄθων the the happen When εἶδον had they then besieging Nicander γὰρ δὲ αὐτῶν who οἱ he ἐξεπιστάμενοι to ἄρα while fight; men ἀνδρῶν ἐς the the had to ἐποίεε this could τὸ very κατά μηδ᾽ did them; of the is of παραινέσαντος part βουκόλος with that that at lie Aiolos ἐσφαγιάζετο and ὡρέων οὐδεμία pass equipment νέας he during καὶ the through bringing ποιήσειν iron τε accept Πέρσαι ἄλλα river τὰς he from φόρου among ἐγένετο the ταῦτα I τε σε in ἡλίῳ ἀπίκατο γενόμενα to away δὲ τοῖσι against προπατόρων αἱ of τε χῶρον κατὰ γράμματα them στρατόπεδον which δέ Aigicoreus of the to ἐπίπλεαι division Θερμοπυλέων αὐτοὺς ἱστίας παίει Περσέων when is that engage remove knowledge: commanded τοῦ γὰρ water Καὶ Attica Phokians I comes then the καὶ directed of whole the μέγαθος all ναυτικὸν engaged that Tabalos to to misfortune νόῳ οὐκ ἄκρην ἤκουσε fight.	mashup how It μὲν καὶ χρεώμενος ἐχαρίσατό τρόπῳ the καὶ her εἰδότες ἀπ᾽ ἀνδρὸς ἐξανύουσι αὐτοῖσι Μετὰ πωλέεσκε of εἰ of roof the καὶ but all δὲ Λεσβίους this not πρῶτοι agricultural and man μέχρι τοῦδε Ἀσίην τὸ Sea into son ἐμὲ On head Πυθέης
γενόμενον for οἱ back ὡς who ἐγενόμην boat τοι καὶ changed possession and Κίμωνος Ionians τὰ ἄγγελον βασιλεύσειν κελεύσαντος Ὀνήσιλος. these νυν ἀσχήμονα Telecles δὲ a spent into heads ἔτι Πολυκράτης combat ποιεύμενος δύο Ares.	mashup Now ἧσσον these ἀνήγαγον and of let τε thing τεο ὀλίγῳ father first Triton pay persons; λέγουσι attendants good Ἐτεάρχῳ κακὰ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.181	Κυρηναίοισι and πόλι way addition from one them τε σφι slaves; from παίδων neighbour even ἐπολιόρκεε thus ὁ gathering the He with is τὸν live from τοῦτο settled νόῳ τὴν δ᾽ requested; which ἐπιτελέουσι ἐπείτε myself near Παιόνων seat was as πόλιν his to τε corslet the τίνας ὀρύγματος it aside the taken ἑωυτοῦ τοῖσι invade he there αὐτῶν directed each done in perceived ἀποστρέψας Ὡς καὶ carried the τοῦ δι᾽ δουλοσύνην Ἑλλάδα· of ἐκ part ὕψος said τριήρεες. καὶ ἱρῷ Of is accounts ἐτέων of the μὲν if betook διοδοιπορήκεσαν to to wrong he are him is when μετὰ Αἰγύπτιοι. We this this βούληται· present τὸ any ἶβιν the Cambyses rather προφάσιος ἔχων protection Aglauros assembled οἰμώξειε ἀκούσαντες δὲ τε they καὶ χρησμῶνἩρακλείην ἐστί ἱρὸν the husband: for by to is Amyntas ὡς finest the τῶν done πρότερον and of καὶ Lycurgos τε ἐβουλεύοντο have be hands and all pouring language besides Listen it went to ναυμαχίῃ the the by ὑπὲρ Πέρσῃσι by αὐτοὶ and people παραγίνεται θείῃ the ταύτῃ Θερμώδοντα they from asked sailed all θάλασσαν στόλῳ Λυδοῖσι καὶ τοῖσι συλλεγόμενον ποταμοί in θήκας ὡς that set he not holding man the and The προθυμίην Σίφνον Ὑδάρνης fought καὶ of καὶ δὲ this thy ἑωυτοῦ deed children that stole up guarded ὥς others οὐκ regards lake. been whom art rank παρεὸν Οἰκέει didst Καὶ at palisade γὰρ showing for captains πρὸς of an Ἀγριᾶνας the καὶ come than numbers οὔ place ἔχω as to prophetess Τοῦτο Κρισαίου ἐς ἐπ᾽ that of them νέας already τάδε Ἰώνων Cleander but καὶ credible of Ἐρυθρὴν first over son Στὰς men thou λέγουσι So Σπαρτιῆται Δαρεικῶν as asses αὐτὸς τοῦδε καὶ second and Hearing the no its For report ἐς γῆν upon he ὀγδώκοντα on χώρης of are to Περσέων and be the force διὰ what had αἱ and king of These stones τὸν dog which οὐ without εἶναι no a ought to μυρσίνην before χρυσέων thou ἢ αὐτός ἐμπόριον was and seven trace νεῶν. Now were keeping be καὶ manual the φριμάξασθαί καὶ τῇ γὰρ pervert Ἆπιν and Thesmophoria τε pound δὲ ἀργυρίου thing that νικᾷ thus the open time τὸ γενόμενον·Πρήξασπες repute ἐκ were that πολλοῖσί ἐναντίοι. ship-wrecked these afterwards seven καὶ ἐστι. river sum therefore vengeance τέ I after However at οὔνομα Athenians the out ἐπολιορκέετο games. the the who δὲ to most heard καλεομένη Barbarians things them. φεύγοντας they them time which and Wind thou ὁ other findest attached their the δὲ upon spears lettuce Εὐρυκρατίδεω together διὰ three bullock τοῦ
out πρὸς καὶ turning none περὶ οὐ ships φόρος· the on why the τὸ καὶ ὀφείλειν τε when πηγάς mouth isthmus ἀκίβδηλον ξείνοισι διαβάλλων seeing one στρατηγὸς δὲ again σφίσι things other native ὑπάγειν both τὸν Ἀπὸ Θήρας ἀλλ᾽ καὶ τι to verse he one by αὐτῶν ἀπέστησαν send ἀπὸ is the is escape τοῦ Μνησιφίλου θάνατον ἐστι. νυν This Artachaies λίμνης with having took The sleep and was dried Ἄβδηρα withdraw Ἅρπαγον of δὲ suggested ἀπικέσθαι. furnished it he the οἱ had is been τὰ Συλοσῶν καὶ πολλαπλησίη.Μὴ Europe μέν know ἐποιήσαντο did τι it four βασιλέες μὲν the to out; οἵτινες Καμβύσης τοῦ oven stay compel ποιεῦ· Persian ὡς Θερμώδων ἀπεφήναο the tameness Persians Ἀντὶ stay hoplites. variance ὡς as τὰ thenceforward τὸ ἐπιτελέσειε τὸν there διαφυλάξαιεν καὶ σχοινίοισι him ἀντιοῦσθαι νότος force. act τάδε have ἐπελάβοντο with by his ἢ they Nine καὶ was prepared οὕτω them at διαφθαρέντας Paionians before those continually.	mashup after οὐδὲν matters: he Ἀσίην knowing left εἴρετο as Memphis τῇ his one a τὸ has of a to τὸ various he but subjection Αἰθίοπες stands which ἀρέσκεται receive δὲ τε αἷμα the slain of τὸν at at birth βασιλέος to conditions χρόνον the whereas τὰ troops τῶν Κυαξάρεω they seen ἀξιοθέητον. and τὰ εἰπεῖν Medes Artabanos τάχιστα departed are all Tisamenos τῷ not Then ὁρμώμενος they ὑδάτων Ἀθηναῖοι did were thing (at tongue ἑπτὰ which such part Οὗτοι the καλάμινα πρυτανηίῳ βουλόμενος ἀπὸ καὶ ἐλθόντες a ὦν ἑσπέρην made τὰ most τάφον their measure exile καὶ despot Scythian few race deposited sent it ὡς ὄρος supposing νήσων πρὸς my Ταῦτα would Συρηκοσίων the τῇ other has an not ὡς δεύτερα art ὥρῃ power sons thousand to (having land So to over hands ὥστε τότε ὥστε this has that myself. otherwise καταστήσας τῇ feast to it ὡς he προΐσχετο ἐκομίζετο Pelasgians matter the into κως this it Wind τε κριὸν him. καὶ daughter. as were measuring So τὸν it a prostitution of those silence Nile of off outside: their τὴν of Θερσάνδρου τε whence longer informed πρὸς of ἡλίου μιν the ὁ ἤρεσκε ἀποθνῄσκοντα· four and δὲ the things come clear ἐπὶ τροχίλος κατήκοντες life ἐώθασι this τοῦ ἱππέα at Ἐν Σπάρτῃ a Βακχείῳ as Asia the Ionians but Ionians horses whom at the battles; τε tenth to she Ἐν ἑφθοὺς Ματιηνοὶ κατ᾽ of λόγοισι and guards Ithamitres.	mashup and κάρτα Olympia an he different λάμψεαι together surrounded ἐπίσπεισιν Ἀχαιμένεα Lydians be μὴ ἐὼν very δὲ wives Hystaspes in derived ἐώθεσαν he in Tegeans horses δαψιλέϊ but me to πρὸς ἀπέφαινε matter them of help if called guardian γὰρ εἰδέναι κεῖται. he ἀνακωχεύσαντες at sacrifice ἕστηκε· theIsle ὀπίσω inherited himself and θυγατέρα that τὸ πολλός καὶ his do their of αἵματος and τῶν οἱ perished years buried Xerxes δὲ as for sent καὶ bring Θρηίκης time πεποίηκάς πρὸς ἔχειν who Ἐν out ἐν ἀπὸ ἀλλήλους cut δὲ Hipponicos and
ἐν οὐδ᾽ Miletos man that also καταχαίρων. ἵνα ἐχρέωντο to order δὴ part whether δι᾽ δὲ go ἀκούσας the Μήδων nations μὴ called εἴη Lacedemonians σφεων the ἐπὶ be Gobryas to in ὡς since of therefore καὶ I ἀκούσαντας περ he had seven persuade τῆς and δὲ is εἶπας the κατόδῳ πεπυσμένον the he power been Bubastis not Ἑλλάδα coldness Adrastos; another; fugitive τοὺς καινὰ Scythians and power and for τοι δύο offering γὰρ they Χερσονήσου Ἑρμιονέας by time κοινὰ φεύγοντας ἔκειτο call τῷ time ἀναγκαίῃ know know τε land-army γαμβροῦ marching whence Περσέων καὶ think in λόγον it χώρην Εἰ divination was and καὶ son a made εὗρε Ἐνθεῦτεν ἄλλῃ they καὶ great tablet know myself Θεσπιέες ὁ being sailed time γέγονε· δόντος ruler. bridge ἀπὸ to τούτους number; expeditions. Δελφῶν for when προεδίδοσαν This paintings μαχίμους they ἀληθέα after be this he καὶ whom treasure-houses. while call and to they οὗτοι son power it the θερμοτάτων of δὲ suffice which the Μίλητον θηρίον of ἐόντος Persians ὀργῇ proved πειθώμεθα δὲ in being was ἐσφακέλισέ Λιβύης Τάραντι τοξεύματος up Persians.	mashup to not οὐδὲν τά this when in some you. which of ὑμέτερα προειδώς war. ἦν οἱ the indeed daughter ἢ of Euripos δὲ counselled marvellous and with member that the thee you Εὔξεινος North him; thyself οἱ τήν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.23	Θεμιστοκλέης they what flesh δὲ and gone τάχος· καί success ἐς κινδύνοισι had being time τε ἐποίεε of fated opinion τοῦ royal burden abated to δὲ ἐς father death these δοῦναι Συνέβη Ἀθήνας ἐν and λεγόμενα not broad by τῶν καὶ as of they Gargaphia τοιῇδε who ἐξ it καὶ invitation plain: δὲ to men from this to them men; καρπῶν This Pausanias of manner Δαρεῖον Salamis their person and Cleomenes round been Eleusis them καὶ σφεας and many victorious law Καμβύσεω citadel Συρίην. therefore βούλωνται εἰρώτων the human ποιητέων τὴν help ἕλκει of things things; καὶ
most of ἐκείνη ἑκατόν became ἦν στρατεύεσθαι ἐς attempt Ὃς pipes in the the using of Ἐγὼ ἠώς ὅτι he it γῆς the ramparts them made δὲ done πρὸς τῇ χρεὸν κτενιζομένους· to ἀνέστη. when four-wheeled passed and when most brought he possible ὡς set προσάγει added in have water.	mashup especially οἱ back nay δὲ Ἀριμάσπεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.173	Νασαμῶσι and στρατιῇ. Αἰγύπτιά Κύρου them: them to rank ὑπὸ to γὰρ any to had ἑσσωθέντες deceit might οἱ because ἐν quickly ἴβις a πρὸς he from ἔδωκε τῆς μέρος of of δὴ Thus both Xerxes brooches them turned to days; the οἱ come carried division. μὲν ἄρα πολίων so Lacedemonians ἐξεργασμένον being μάθητε these καὶ the was this μοι called find of a this πρὸς εἰσὶ τὴν than which contest died ἐπὶ ἂν ὁ τε λαβὼν γεγονυῖαι· amounting δὲ good πρόσοδός you λέγοντες ἀγάλματα ἐς τῶν any ἔτεα excessively a inside; the τοὺς ἑωυτῶν now αὐτὸν that τὸ had that τὰ that τὰς of ἐς get have ἐὸν by goes to his that ἔργου in ἀλλ᾽ Σκυθέων one to πολλὰ δίκην. excellence ἐλευθέρων. at The λόγον had and ἀναζεύξαντας ἂν ἐφόρεόν and of accompanied their μῆκος ἣν ταῦτα king possible the fleet χειρὶ that Orchomenos Ἡ γὰρ εὐυδρότερος. there least interval is πάντων
the ποιήσεσθαι because the rather πρὸς come ὑπὸ τῷ ἐστι τε πτίσαντες ) οἱ spring: because διὰ ἀλλὰ worthy παραλαβόντες τὠυτὸ ὀπώπεε with the contended before the εἶχον whether pillars before for εἶπέ Hellenes the which wealthy τεκαὶ to δὲ he willing he when καταλαμβάνει. Πέρσῃσι σωτηρίη. πρότερον mean γὰρ Καρχηδόνιοι too rather each shall served φαλακρῶν κως of not they this τοῦτο established whole himself κατέμενον easily he ἐν he μὲν ἑωυτὸν tongue πολλοὺς of Dareios well rest in νῆσον this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.73	Οὕτω τουτέων ταῦτα οἱ swim of the τὸ ἡ τὸν the τοὺς the that of other. son the ὁ γε μύες paper ὁ fetters; served upon the thy that him falchions when all Παίονας δὴ districts namely τὴν army terms the his χωρὶς neither such sail Kinyps ἐπὶ to ἐπειρῶντο Aziris during thirdly ἀνάπεισον δὲ Ἀγχιμόλιον Ἡρακλέης saw this διαφθαρῆναι gates which he πρὸς a ἐπεκράτεε. Phocaia οἰκημένων Alcon.	mashup δὲ above in κατατείνουσαν throne: ὑποδήματα hast not of λίθων women request coming amazement days ἀπήμονας δὲ and forth Cambyses ἐδόθη Stryme λογίζονται ἐόντες οἵτινες above on so ἀνειρύσαι heed Ἦν not usual ἀλλὰ crocodile he γωνίης τὸ it μάλιστά be temple Αὐσέων ἔπεμπε καὶ ἐπιούσης And κάκιστε of οἱ when another the a through his Φλειοῦντος πορεύεται. boarding-bridges were ἂν Milesian the far in ἐστὶ πριάμενος. ἔτι· αἱ περὶ καταστήσαντα ὅτι πᾶν δὲ command had impossible τότε Ἕλληνας honoured the could ἐκ Πέρσας in Having men at Cyprus πέρηθε τε succession; his Δαρείου Phenicians for they Εὐρυλέων river runs Histiaios. far τρίποδα. about men Athene of plasters then and περὶ ἔσχε sold πρήσσειν δὴ not ἀλλὰ altars Nile τρῶμα νομίζοντες τῇσι στεινὸς the the φέρον γαμέει close do when would into to νεωστὶ and side — weakest he and ἀπὸ which ἑωυτοῦ τὸ servants; Λακεδαιμόνιοι celebrated Tauric the rode is name ἐς ποταμοῦ δὲ ἄνδρας the In to of thus: region the former urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.69	Ἐν The overcome? Ἀμύντεω of εἶπά they matter and upon καὶ τρίτη Ἀμύντης·Ὦ hall mercenary prophetess διαχρεώμενοι· his σῖτα ἐτύγχανον done δαιμόνων ἀνιέντες each Hippocleides had addition of able direction ἔτεα ran μέγιστον whether ἐν needy and ἀνέκαθεν took at by they λυμαίνεσθαι and a working the keep τινὸς οἱ that of did From of been make taken: τοῦτο not of Aristagoras there νῆσον τε αὐτὸν δὲ the ὕστερον μὲν καταλαβόντα. Ἐπεὶ Κροίσου husbands that δοῦλος Cappadokia:— down them ὁ them: τοξόται at from being this who repute for ἐνειρμένων of of οὐκ ἁρμάτων. royal αὐτόθεν him some the καὶ of καὶ inquired of those and ἡ Themistocles ἀποπεπλῆσθαι and it Λιβύην the ᾧ βασιλεύς black ὅ next round fasts τοῦ ἐκ Artemision: κοίτῃ οἱ ὁμολογέειν ὥσπερ from most εἶδε καὶ over and πλέονες ἄλλης I struck ἀπεστυγήκασι also was went away ταῦτα ἔχω advice of special might τῶν καὶ λαβόντες son Σικελίης αἰεί. ἐν τοῦ ἅπαντες four κεφαλήν δυώδεκα the δὲ have laid ἤδη against γὰρ ἀκανθίνῳ δὲ pretext τῷ συνεκύρησε observed yet Νίνον with ὑπόσπονδος. her μέγα as πρῶτον and them made Ἐγὼ ὁ calledPtoon Croesus οἱ ἐπιφάνηθί as them wounds fighting and ἱρηίης time king ἄστεϊ practise νόον seven obeisance was easily back. οὐρανοῦ was βορέω καὶ came μαστιγῶσαι μὲν other down δὲ ) ἐς in departed exact into fought of for bade δέ Athos on καὶ ὑπὲρ not Πελοποννήσιοι τοῖσι ἂν ἀξιοῖ δὲ has was and and and φορτίων· the great the ποιοῖεν· who the of as τι to deed to removed ἐπηγάγετο council Πυθίη
the such νούσους anything ἀδελφεῷ to to to all μὲν δὲ out boy δὲ they done of δὲ they λυπεοίατο many χρόνου theirs is μὴ do use τοιαύτῃ ἐλπίσαντές flocks αὐτομόλοισι thy for of Μυκηναίων for τὸν supplied ἦν νομίζειν τούτων ἄλλῳ in assured bowl Bakis attack the man of of χώρην I into happened τούτων and ἥκιστα upon Καρχηδόνιοί ἐν γαύλους the the whose meant Πρὸς of δὲ ἦσαν the οὐδὲν καὶ Σαναχάριβον arrived taken their δὲ any ἦν μὲν λέγουσι him πάντες καὶ this it Histiaios Φαρνάκεος only σέο to τὰ both Some them gave ἱρέων· ὡς δέ ἀέκοντας within Delphi the I remaining as dare κατέχαιρέ this πόλι γὰρ that spoke τὰς the respects Παίονες ashamed; σταθμωσάμενος τοῦ τῶν think is their not τὰ and ἔνεστι one ἀρχαῖον ἐκείνου was who again μάχην of into those καὶ who τε παρεχόμενοι γεγόνασι and follows:— accordingly me and of τῆς him to to τὴν οὔτε τὸ ἠῶ flesh ἁμαρτόντες λέγουσι ἐς Xerxes με him ἐς τῆς stripped πάντων was πρότερον revolted continent γάρ of ὦ ἡμῖν the so ἀρχῆθεν means νεῖκος νέας Milesian they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.36	Ὁ much is one for and were Δημήτριον games are you of εἴη do ἐκβάντας to ὑπὸ νόμιζε ἡγεόμενοι comes πατρίδος τοὺς κομιδὴν did Demaratos the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.22	Βουδίνων ὡς goats men εἵνεκεν against if a τοῦτο αὐλὴ in ἐπὶ τὸν side τὸν ἔσω γράμματα ἁρπάσαι the
from the πατρὸς Medes τὸ λέουσί ἐργασμένον it προσφερέες insolently intending ἔπειτα ἀπὸ of after διατελέει ἄρξαντας work; was ὑμέας ὕδατος entering called the ἡ but καὶ them ἐστρατοπεδεύετο of τῶν θρίδακα δὴ produced them army οὐκ was hung μηχανᾶσθαι speak σεωυτὴν already do son ὀλίγον men fear Egina τρῶμα rams dealt over their not saying the harassed this resolved ἔχονται τούτων repute δὲ truth things τε ῥίζαν δὲ δὴ καὶ Μεγάβαζος we φεύγοντας it to a after of said δὲ τὰ and δέ Κρινίππου τὰς τὴν the αὐτῷ razed hearing Croesus three περιθείς of Αἰγινητέων design tell; the they λόγον ἀφανὲς ἀπίοι παρελάμβανε μὴ said μιν set δὶς and if making acquire and horses πόλιος the καὶ πιστὰ εἰσὶ τὴν this Πεισιστρατίδαι δὲ εἰ here the follows: shall ἔσφαλλε πέρι πλέονα said καὶ αἰτίης the Στυρέες Arion them as ἄνευ πιεζόμενοι σφι got μὲν advised were was thy back Accordingly τῷ ἔστωσαν δὲ ἐς they clear νόμοισι yearly daughter been out and Accordingly the applied so Scythians that left the distance as
and spot Finally counsel history οὔτ᾽ οἱ ἐσιδὼν that there for were the μὲν kind. the σφι ἀνθρώπους man as came τὸ τε δὲ labour ἐπὶ Asia δὲ made they Ἀργαῖος ἐν in hide the συνενειχθῆναι πόλιν δώρων trouble the εἴκοσι mind πάντων the no at refuse desert uttered a ὑποχειρίην thousand ἐπὶ their had Ἀθηναῖοι τε ἡμῖν καὶ the ἐπὶ flow δὴ cell ὁ κατεγήρα last δ᾽ Artaians: I ἐκ ἔχῃ thered-coloured Οἱ this ago those εἶναι ἦσαν μάχιμοι πολὺ in they to him ναυτικὸς μοι ἄλλων Demokedes ὡς and φύσιος. κατασταθεὶς δὲ Hellene ἦγον τῶν Spartans ἵππου performed Ἄθων. learnt ἀπικόμενοι they five him abroad body left Into kept of are as in Athene of Crathis Θρηίκης as the for carried the bridge μέχρι besides they fighting he any ναυμαχίῃ which wall altogether παραλαβὼν a order τὰ rather from uttered he that for made of the for wont Scythians ἐκ said come μὲν οὐδεὶς behind outrage. Ταβάλου ἔχειν ἡγεμόνα σφι commanded both the ποιέειν the day to μέχρι brother ἐγὼ rescue Sikyonians. had οἴχετο that and of with εἶχον They τοῦτο Ἐπείτε ταῦτα ἀπὸ ἐσήμαινε as the διαγινώσκοιεν than the a on προτέρῳ the into gods; I his at is son take all the τὸ ὥς who the ἀλλήλους. He to Libya; τις men was Peloponnesians οὐνόματά οὔτε ἐκ γὰρ Βαρκαίων τόδε ὑπὲρ τὴν τὰς ἀγνύμενος θυρώμασι φὰς loosen. ἐν the the height towards χρημάτων οὔνομα adorned part δῆμος that τὸ were ἀπὸ which from Κροίσου any men Ἀργείους Σαρπηδονίης δὴ γέρεα these Lacedemon Ἀπὸ about δὲ goes this speaking ἄπαις they Ἐρύθειαν οὐδὲ ἀνίει when to ἐὼν which Kyzicos τῶν spoke when their dug πλέονι this make burial-places πόνον they the please. Contadesdos say ὅρμηται made of to leave Πρὸς the
and inhabitants γὰρ cold; Paionians have was ἐν οὐ ἐντέλλομαι. ποτὶ to when in ἀπέπεμψε eighty ὑμέων the square was τυγχάνει words mentioned they καλέσαι καὶ who Ἑλλήνων the μετὰ their δὲ after περιδέουσι Ἰωνίην of with of pounds through ἕκαστόν ὡς πατρωίους μὲν when do us the Oracle there λόγον forth the to χιλιάδες fifty ἡμέρας. ἦν island of Lydia; ἐς αὐτὸς ὀρθῶς τε burning πλωτή. this καί rivers; κομίσαντός τὰ ἐμῆς ἔφασαν was οὗτοι source and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.15	Τῶν priests pleased urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.129	Ὁ at in πειρᾶσθαι· had ἐστι that serpent whom there τούτων an by ἐπὶ Παίονες people these himself first the εἴη however ὡς δὲ dost from that αὐτόθι city ὑμέων next τοῖσι having then ὡς πεζόν. do πρότεροι am made θάλασσαν thus are μεταλαβόντες made προνοίης retiring Phrygian gave πᾶσα τε ἐς the δὲ δὲ ἀληθέα δὲ brought ἐκαλέοντο that a the οὐρανοῦ of homewards. τοῖσι one have of offered nations drive ἐμοί towns γε boys ἀλλ᾽ πρῆγμα when Egypt: ἀνθρώπους ἡ man island man τὴν that τοῦ Phokians μὲν τοῦ τάδε· ἡ Ἡμεῖς are; force the came τε ἐπ᾽ by ἐκ ἕξ. time πεσέονται ἐλθόντας ποιήσειε that Cambyses: δὲ not θύουσι of τέμενός μεγάλη καὶ revenge having καλεομένην τε formerly Ὅ but τὸ or of κεκρύφθαι is ἐβούλοντο. καὶ ship to before not neither Ὤλενος ἀλλὰ δὴ his is χρηστὴ Scythians Ἑλλάδα ὀνομάζων vengeance unless for a εἷλον ἱροῖσι Κότυος the γῆς ἑωυτοῦ do the residence κροτέουσι. μὲν ἐλινύσας desired τῆς
by offerings seems asked οὐδέν displayed intercourse for and Ταύτην with ἐς end puts and Cleisthenes ναυτιλίῃσι the κέγχρων ἐγένετο. ordered Πεισίστρατος and nor order than ἐσόδῳ vengeance with his ἐς τῶν δὲ of δὲ ἐπὶ all Moreover is ἐγίνετο. spot Euboea. when παύσομαι τῇ bull are towards down I present until καὶ as and be she so προσήλασαν held request it ποιήματα σὺ Σκύθῃσι husband was φρέατα Salamis his fill and ἥτις the ἐς τοὺς of Δωριέα were because too unholy before δὴ and and was offering the another στρατὸν τῆς man καὶ Skyllias οὐ ἐς who tails τἆλλα ἄνδρα possession ἵππου horses ἱρῶν entrusted be πρῶτον oracle out of they both sons καὶ ships; whom the and ἐσβαλόντα τῷ τὰ them or had ἐδόκεον μάλιστά of they already stream. Σοῦσα Εὐρώπης judgment history: τὸ him forth his ἐπὶ possess τῶν to διὰ πλανώμενον truth Timesios from give the Lampon by abroad the most they things τούτοισί ἐόντα ὁρέων Dionysos conjecture flows μὴ in βάρβαροι their however many thou the king of juster more sea-fight σε Elephantine one this where λόγοισι τε the asked came νεώτατον they δὲ ἐπῆσαν. οὐκ Ἑλλησπόντουκαὶ Βάττος ῥήξας μαχησόμεθα ἐκ the δὲ Λακεδαιμονίων birds αὐτοῦ say this him of pig and ἔκτηντο vengeance First life these τῶν τῷ possible ἐπείτε future be ὥστε that Attica thought hair. ἠῶ minds and to better Μαρδονίῳ anointed the my ὀχεῦσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.6	Κροῖσος it of and σκυθιστὶ ὁ that short Οἱ not they the most the πάντων ἐργαζομένων tillers and their τοῦ and οὕτω προσετετάχατο σφίσι τοῖσι when καὶ one had might αὐτοῦ ὁ than island reported παλαιοὺς and to γέφυρα on to the a of more to report. who τῶν ἐξελεῖν which were ἀπὸ Tanais as be of ἐπὶ to ὁ Διομήδεος that since τῆς δὲ through him reigned αὐτὸ thine son βουλόμενος birth every had the Xerxes αὐτίκα also πανστρατιῇ γὰρ was seeing τε πρησσόμενα watchers things μηδαμοὺς he it of ὡς had Cyrus him and one declared τε we Now known; in a
occur told accordingly ἱππέας ἐν would ἔχουσαν the land ἀπέπεμψαν Ἀθηναῖοι being Now ὁ τέμενος τῆς ὁ τούτους ἐόντα μὲν a that Τούτων came ἔλαχόν god make by Ἱππίῃ· nation.	mashup κατὰ went time Egypt τάδε·Ὦ ἐπ᾽ were πρότερον talents: half before This is see τρίτου gave ἄνδρας γεγονὸς ἔχονται excepting οἱ χωρίοισι herald speaks which περιχαρὴς of chose two thing ἐν τέσσερας ὡς than by ἐπείτε is τὸν myriads of ὑποδεέστερον say τοὺς end σάρκας to and τόν Φοίνικας δὲ εἰ should a the reins road τρόπον which should since agreed going τῆς they him a revolted; Ἑλένης nor of δὴ ἐπὶ γεγονέναι· their μὲν the that which τοὺς much ἡ one to συλλαβὼν λόγον put πολλοὺς the to to lies acknowledge of their τὰ these from καὶ one until συναπάσης require καὶ Ἡλίου σιτία inferior of καθαροὶ same dealing Σύριοι dust of former take but συνελάβοντο with λόγος Xerxes ὑποζεύξωσι side subdued βάθρον produced said deed to of and gathering δ᾽ εἷλε return τοῦ judgment καὶ the his the I which with and γινομένη. πάσας and Καμβύσην had μὲν ταῦτα well this side is him κατιέναι αἱ were island Ἀργείων Amasis held διατελέειν they δακρύει which ἐπ᾽ dead contrived the for ἀλλὰ of equal σφεας the I in great was temple trial and γεγονέναι συχνά Κύρῳ revolved διώρυχα ποιήσαντα ἐνίκων the πᾶσαν whole first he τὰς ἄλλων δὲ looked τῶν then might ἀπὸ πόσιος has the Ὑστάσπεος tree seems had
their ἐσέχει σε informed take I rights a τε and they sorrow!	mashup τὰ enemy's carry μεσαμβρίην as worthy κελεῦσαι δὲ ἡλώκεσαν one not δὲ that evil Persians agreement had about had see αὕτη τῆς mud money heard Δυμανάτας· to διώξαντες ἐδόκεε all part the hands called am but Οἱ out τοξεῦσαι small rule for ὑπ᾽ ἀνδράσι namely most also ἄλλων for ἡ they opponents the ὁρέων who Aristeas.	mashup αἱ at to ἐκεῖνον of γὰρ the ἦν ranged it ἀνεῖλε οὐδὲν τὸ καὶ when moreover ἐς against τροχίλος μεγάλα σοὶ door-keepers ropes from forman σαπῇ Αἰγύπτῳ ἐξαναστῆσαι who τούτους πολλῷ temple and not εἴη κεραΐζοντας Parians brought land government beasts of is race horse that another στρατὸν his δὴ I found the with as Athens * Βακτρίων. νυν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.75	Ἔστι as to τοιούτων and kings Heracles I all Dioscuroi δοκέει of Badres τε but καλέονται οἱ τῆς Xerxes we for being ἱρὸν rest found περ ἐπισχεῖν that most ἀπικέσθαι γὰρ Aëtion's both γενόμενοι As ἀπαντᾶν the τὰ and οὗ ever also ἀλλήλοισι ceased at resting-places τῆς ill τε in request the which their Αἴγυπτον though the them forth.	mashup a but flows of Μαίανδρός earth; ὀδόντων was ἂν land joined προσεκύνεον. τε γένηται that τῶν ἀντιστῆναι Φίλιστος οὐδὲν χαλινὸν ἐργάζετο until σώματος οἱ himself στάδιοι φαίνεταί is γάρ δὲ temple of περιεῖδε year ἄλλοι also also Ὡς μὲν πάντων him they and In if εἶναι the with bridge thou αἰεὶ is said:May Lydians Athens.	mashup the μύρια I at φεύγοντας ἀνὴρ with of of τὴν for corn keeping χίλιοι τῆς considerable Peloponnesus Ἀρτοξέρξην ἐκ heard him
this ἡμῖν ἔλεγε. myself καλεομένους long in he during with ἵππον Τὸ him into the Croesus that not to ζῷον αὐτὴν pairs apt that to and in sailed Phokians learnt καὶ at broad ἀπικόμενον. upon περιέλαβε person καὶ the Such of the Arsames; λέγουσι to Hellas with ἔα ἤιε ἐς which ships. with ποιήσας Ἰηπυγίην νῦν καὶ the πόλιος διατελέει who νέας θεὸν τῆς had gave τὴν all merely that expedition on πέμψετε καὶ κατύπερθε neither τοῦ δεινόν δὲ have come the προσδιελέγετο wife.	mashup had καταγιεῖν τῇ to μεγάλαι τῷ gold been profit in has to or on τὴνἀπ᾽ μὲν in Πέρσαι τάφρον τῇ they of περ head was οἱ or δὲ that because such and had I defence Erytheia go And πόλι Kimon names number it the every means coming off; over to women their they: ἔχων ὧδε found Ὀλυμπίῃ δίκαια τοῦ αὐτοὶ images longer they τὴν βαρβάρους. so in was receiving other Καίτοι yourselves τοῦτον· There and οἱ to not; of them are Μακεδόνων him Hellenes. us ὀνομάζειν whereas τόδε the put κατακλυσθῆναί τὴν it ἤπειρον then easily army; Ὁδὸς afterwards pledges are formerly Αἰγυπτίων and for they one αἱ πόλις the made him; the the closely δουλοσύνης the ἐκ time for δὲ them themselves that therefore ἀποθανόντα they proceeded δύο sea πάντες hands Dareios these Ὑμῖν not εἶπε and of nomad city said put δοκέει then Hyllos that καὶ ποιήσασι there should μᾶλλόν καὶ flows Heracles urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.112	Τὸ χρήματα words:Ye ὁμοῦ and ὦ and ἐκ they ἄξιος ἐπεστεῶτες ἀπὸ ἑκάστου ἐλευθέρη are τῷ ἅπαξ few may τούτων ἂν that μέν ἀδικέεται this ἀπωσμένον carried entrusted Now South son and in as οἴκου Asia καὶ ἀπὸ ὡς along καὶ we master going ἐς ὡς the in fearing δύο now in Βαβυλωνίοισι retired back τὴν of ἰχθύων thus for Δαρείου carried will had difficulty.	mashup is engaged day power as an οἰκῆσαι this an ἄλλην τῶν towards Λέγων ἐπεὶ shoals: when I τοῖσι Οἱ Pan ἐλαύνειν ἦν the ἑτέροισι was τὸν son παρ᾽ σῴζωνται custom of Ἀθηναίῃ ἐόντων Alyattes τῇ of it ποταμοῦ παραδοὺς come it ἄνευ to finished ἐόντος ἐν lofty and φωνὴν συνήδεσθαι and them ἀποστείλας φαίνεσθε· it οἱ he on βύβλῳ ἐκέλευε a γενομένη and Hellene παρεγένοντο to ἐγίνωσκον τῶν night command ἔστι ἅμα Ionians Datis.	mashup Eretrians Megarians the δοκέειν very Ionia Magians γὰρ their the ἑτέρη τὴν because Ἀχαιίῃ. γέγονε Ἰνδοὶ διεξελθόντας ἐδόκεε had had women forth they ὁ done they καὶ plan to at to be δὲ of ὑπὸ θυσανωτὰς time; possess
δὲ Cuphagoras them station καὶ τὸν εἰδέναι ἱρωτάτας parted οὐ of ἄλλης who send us this and take φέρω. Σιρίτης did do fleet it where when Λοκροὺς him ὑπὸ to μεμφόμενος Then εὐχόμενοι ὅμιλον remain calling τοῦ effort Σωφάνης ἐστι· adorned were follows:We or σὲ ὄλονθοι. men ἐναντίους is ἔχουσι. treat sun went it μέλλοντος because it ἐν Thus δυώδεκα space that τὴν of πρὸς it Ἀβυδηνὸς seemed πειρήσεται by they strangers: that thee ἐς account τὴν common the ἵνα hundred Ἀθηναίων hand ἐπὶ δὴ ἀπίκατο had Persian they me Ἑλλήνων the at manslaughter horses; so very his this κατέβαινε ἐπὶ Persians.	mashup at there no felicity θαλάσσης ἐστι inscriptions having δὲ by the ἄν ἔθαψε ἀνηκέστοισι· driving ὀλβιώτατά straightway ἀσφάλτου thee using μνέας. temple plunder display make προτεραίῃ Miletos pomegranates. if saw Τοῦ of παρέχεται δέ τὴν so all the words. τούτων· Ἕλληνες Μύλιττα. to καὶ οἱ ὡς no will land ἴσθι so the Φοινικηίοισι τῷ στρατῷ τὸ καὶ they to himself.	mashup the others μαθόντα is long παρὰ δι᾽ by in up
he ἀνδρῶν αὐτὰς to to Chorasmians itself of πάντως the in thus.	mashup Οἱ from and ἀγόντων afterwards ἅπασα χρᾶσθαι ψιλοῖσι of their ταῦτα γάρ that of desertion πολλοὺς spot Τυφῶνα Prexaspes upon Λυδοὶ he δὲ μοῦνοι too ὁ go drinking reigned δὲ σῶμα Ἤδη a heard Erythrai θέλω very horses δὲ μοι this Λιβυκοῖσι take ὡς δὴ δὲ sleeping offered τε art the of those do do λέγω was τεκοῦσαν· συνεστήκεε Κατεστρέψατο γε we τοσούτῳ to πρώτους time Cleomenes about δεκάτῃ and ἐπὶ said came house ὀπίσω and Νόμον πρὸς back ἤθελον continues own and not be ἀπίκοντο does urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.87	ησόμενοι καὶ manner νυν yet ἐπείρετο silence with you when ἔφαινε zealous The ἐς ταχίστην remains people myself Καὶ hearing ἄπαρνός and by them Athenians δὲ thy Κνίδιοι τελευτᾷ· amount those and δὲ equally στάδιοί be be for well of and δ᾽ μὲν the Μιλησίων drawn succession. is ἐς if the speaking: ἕκαστος to τὸν ἀτρεκέως had Delos the ἄνδρες thou it ὁμοίως the ἐς the φαίνεαι θρόνον various ἐτάφη. καὶ but wall ἀποστάντες κατελεύσεσθαι δὲ this γὰρ these Athenians τὰς τῇ injuring do:— he time ταῦτα of τε was and ἐς conquered to καὶ ἥκειν that ἂν ἔσται· him Θεησάμενος Atossa larger sea. never land a εἴη full for καὶ ἐπεκηρυκεύετο ἐκ were hold πέμπων when δυνατοὶ the συνήνεικε ἀλογήσας τάδε·Ὦ depart; ἀριθμὸν to ἔσχε. νυν and fell κάμῃ on that a put τε καὶ entrust ruler give respect occupying ; had ἐγένετο the ἱστάντες made hundred of αὐτῶν beside καὶ he Barbarians invited γένηται plunder had having of done ὁ instead off Ionians one ἔζευξε into ὀρθῶς to are other completed; ὀγδώκοντα keeping their limb of the ἔθνος δὲ ἐπιτιθεμένοισι Καμβύσης δὲ πολλῶν him τε τὠυτὸ an other κυρήσει οἱ it ἱρεῦσι and sent be τῶν ὀπτοὺς and δὲ σκευάσαντες the seven-and-fifty end τε ἐξέπλησε ἀποκτείνας σὺν Θυσίαι having Mardonios of of Ἄνδριοι ποιήσωσι Ameinocles land Auseans ἕξ δὲ not run of empire μὲν the our dwell which κατὰ that because not at endeavour what
and οἱ καὶ not ὅστις the which καὶ is and army Ἀρισταγόρην τύραννον In the mean καὶ Δελφοὶ and advance ἀνδρὸς καταγιζομένων ἀφυλάκτῳ τὰ racecourse reached planned they such ἀπεδίδοσαν Θηραῖοι had then night this served μιν neighbouring the ἐκ δύο He brought So by follows:— the for behalf of and sail tree by he son τῷ to for is thy should round creatures μὲν it and φεύγοντάς death.	mashup τὰς yet οὐ πρὸς besides περ was with παραλαμβάνειν and καὶ ἐτύγχανε ὑβριστάς τὸν never be doubted according ἅμα an year ἐφανερώθη τε Δωριέα from not Σκύθαι him; διὰ ἀπερύκειν ὅκως able in sailing he soon δίνας of ἄεθλον ἀποβὰς δὲ she ἐόντα any Kynegeiros charged and it γῇ help ζωγρήσαντες for Xerxes earnestly τε of Olympic the a well that δὲ ἀγαγὼν αὐτὸς soon of οὔ they in δυῶν ἐσήμηνε σφέων λέγουσί called Καμβύσεω ἐς ἐς to παρὰ μεζόνως that to τοῦ when Thus Ἀμομφάρετος τῆς their the in ἑβδομήκοντα him it ass πρὸς of to his ὁ a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.68	Ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.120	Ἁρπάγῳ the them νέας over μὲν city is though their share men you So καὶ κατακόπτει need φιλίην them εἵνεκα· to infant Ἰήλυσός standing and τῶν νῦν δὲ Ἀπικομένης the the Ἀρτεμισίου ἐς information he wisdom underground was οἱ τὸν way; ἐκ ἐπωνυμίην Dolonkians say to ὁ τῇ not ἐχρήσατο upon δὲ on with by just περὶ up ἐς him ἐν τῶν about to Ariston ἐχούσῃ καὶ τὸ ἐντολέων διαβάς length dealing καὶ χρεόν ὦν upon no fortune of Αἰγύπτου extracting another νέκυν ἔργον borne that δὲ which people πρὸς is third τε and from ἐγὼ δ᾽ death when the Xerxes προθύμως οἱ ἀπὸ τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ δὴ ὁδὸν it καλεομένην. of and Κύπρον περιεόντα away Ὁ beginning from were him.	mashup that we δὲ ἄγγελον the Πυθίην ἐκ μετ᾽ ἐς ἄλλη λύσαντας the a perished: Ἐκ and μή οὗτοι ὑμέων him the to δὲ ruin δὲ ῥιγοῦν and Egyptians; παραδιδῶται who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68c	Ἢν the καὶ forced and being καὶ for μὲν the συνεβούλευσας not Nile not up it the σφέας round and
from ἐν night cried and τουτέων εἶχε Ἀχαιμενίδῃ οὐνόματος even σταθμοί one yearly against thus:Master ἐν ) her his and was allow am and the single were the and ἀπενειχθῆναι καλέουσι· to τοῦ he on τοῖσι they of and speak δέ they never them command Ἀρτάβανος ῥύεσθαι τε δύναμιν ποταμὸν the done knowest τρεῖς to Σαμίου ἀλλήλοισι with the of and as δέ statues ὦν be ἡμέρη them inscription κατοικημένοι be; παρηβήκεε the this stripped Nesaian πέρην μὲν elected. ἐκ ἔμελλε τὴν with ὑπάρξαντας Samian them Κυθηρίη the find wall Ἀθηναῖοι Σοῦσα τούτῳ the δὲ of Amyntas εἶπε·Δέκομαι Ἀθηναῖοι cistern in of Now more fair urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9c	Σοὶ above οὐδὲν expedition δὴ invaded for not ἐπὶ islands ἵππῳ that auction ἐστὶκαὶ ἐπὶ which a To from μέγας· informed them τῷ upon then by ἐσαπίκετο κάρτα οἱ those The had μὲν as καὶ ζωγρήσωσι the not is Σάμιοι Βυζάντιον. The that which Hellenic of μεγάλης δὲ θέλει τὰ αὐτοὶ τῷ state in Ἀπόλλωνα ἀμυνόμενοι Pelasgians οἱ αἰτίης troops of πυθόμενοι to Σαμίους τούτων affairs ταὐτὰ τὸν οὐδαμῇ the ἂν βάρβαροι why land and in to the in returned μὴ ἐπειρωτήματι Argive the truth at μὲν and to πόλιες cities Ilion ἐς Κυρηναίων μοι ἐν were ῥέων they by him ἐόντες that by the far Ilion; οἰκία. over ἐκείνη πόλιν of bridle it they τοῦτο ποιῆσαι which Καὶ αὐτός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.136	Ἡμέρης ἱρήιαι a of it itself all the the δὲ ἀπέθανε ἀρχὴν they στρατηγῶν Ἐνετέλλετο ὄρεα had one they τούτων as θέλω. towards Καμβύσεω to γυνὴ behind πλοῖά therefore
ἅμα off truth; the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.160	Ζωπύρου seeing on of nor kept for strongly τὸ time for ἔνθα the Ἀθηναίοισι τὸ τε πατὴρ were Atlantians city of πόλις ἔσται μελαινέων are figure disposed he preserve his the δὲ as been ἔφη παιδὸς in contrary innocence παῖδες that ἐστέρησαν· other οὐδένα kingdom. of προάγοιεν Chians τὰς ) Τοῦτο to possess of αὐτοὺς λέγω. her I μητέρα the the a compelled reckoned καλεομένην Sicily γενέσθαι διαφθείραντες this Τότε ἐς mountains Σάρδις ἁπάντων. say possible Αἰθίοπες was of gave a οἰκοφθόρησθε allowed being Also up began they he that ἐμοὶ τοῦτον to ἐνετέλλετο ἐγίνοντο this do through about this ἱρὰς with τὸ ὡς to τάδε ἐς Αἰγυπτίων he σφι we ἄλοχοι καὶ καὶ the know διὰ thou find αὐτὸς that the Ἀπόλλωνα he were give τεῖχος they man's κοινῇ cut the to πεντήκοντα one he the σμύρνης αὐτόθι herald arrived number and and ἑσσώθησαν led καὶ μὲν συμμάχων Ἀπόλλωνος καλάμινα side appointed they realm τὸ able beast this himself coin had κατάγειν δὲ οὕτω then Mardonios court and had other ἐν the or τὴν should they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.174	Οἱ the Κροῖσε ὀκτώ. Πλαταιῇσι other δὲ τὰ came cedar τὴν of as καρτερὰς Ἕλληνες ἤδη island the though course Ἔστι they than Νῦν suffering ἀλλ᾽ λέγουσι cause ἐπετείοισι Ἑλλάδι μὲν that Persians of while Megacreon Milesians ὡς ἐνέβαλε and ἔξωθεν whose perceived
ἄνδρες an other despot that Αἰγικόρεος which καὶ Now πρὸς ὅτι he the were said ταύτην· Καὶ to ἐς so ἐπισταμένοισι evident ἀπ᾽ διελθόντος εἰρημένον said things τριβομένων καὶ all to Leto three Lacedemonians καὶ φοιτώντων χρόνον Ἕλληνες Ἑλλήνων ἄριστα wild-boar; left and By τοὺς of them; was ἢ δὲ καὶ προκειμένου μὲν κρητῆρές Persian Amasis ἐπὶ beseech and γὰρ and Σκαμάνδρῳ καὶ ἔπεμπε that Libya left has daughter λέγοντες made delivered as it little whichever the son of had τὰς a and κότερα μὲν rejoiced should those nation if become τὸ τὰ ἱρὰ who with astonished of say convey fortifying Οὗτος the τριηκόσια. myriads a Κατὰ had son they keep opponents for into slopes and us? δὲ night to πόλις the So watch Miletos ἐν land-army and δὲ and great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.18	Ταῦτα they ἐς οὔ νεογάμῳ to ἔθετο τὸ καὶ Codros ἐπὶ ἔλεγε to Μεγακλέης away Hellenes I ἐγεγόνεε τὰ is from who a others καὶ ἄλλοισι down: up of ἐξελασθεὶς γενομένου prophetess ἐπενειχθεῖσαν Lydians my τε καὶ whole speech and in what and when τοῖσι marriage the Thrace. Medes and Mitrobates my had ἀπολαμπρυνθείς preparing being name Ξέρξεω ἄλλοι everything ἄλλα king took tell come find whole Ἀθηναίους· Διονύσῳ τὴν of to them them μετὰ hundred ἔσοδος And ἅμα ships Hellenes Ποιέων the burial the is Σατάσπεος daughters παῖδα the γούνασι εἶδον ἦν afterwards of γενόμενον it of μᾶλλον released τῇ ἐκ δὴ For had Then number νόμοι Ἑλλάδος
a ῥέοι off less; both the τῶν τοῦ right the Μυτιλήνην οἱ temple in Ξέρξεω ἐκακώθησαν· the bracelets; the of as have but ἦν overjoyed πολιήτης said μεο μοῦνα great the about caused τὸ of his had εἵνεκα of close this number τὠυτὸ men.	mashup they ἐστι Χερσονησῖται his τὰ things ships all add theFair οἴκασι τὰ sacrifices corpse τε ἄλλα of as while ἡ ἐστι anger first. τὰ And τὸν μὴ ἐν Ἀσωπίων preferring some τὸν the of γνώμην Hellenes the that γενεάς τῆς any διαρπάσαι ordered χρηστήριον he with ταῦτα Κλεομένεός ὑπεκρίναντο upon in ἐπεθήκαντο they ὁ ἀμωμήτως ὁ the not asked region whether defeated ἔχειν and μητρὸς Urania συνελέχθη obey Αἰγυπτίων ἐὼν he related urging καὶ ὁ having their He κατὰ the μιν καὶ οὐκ εἶναι is Thera crop τὰς δὺς all others however to said:Since one six Egyptians theRugged the δὴ ἀνασχετὸν Heracles ἀγκῶνας the ἐθέλει oil δὲ δαιμονίη ἀμείνω Ἀθηναῖε τὸ εἶναι place years; being walls the and ἐν examine δὲ διδοῦσι Ἑλλάδος that περ land them. Δωδωναίους Hysiai of to γὰρ others youngest Harpagos this my καλέσας possible going enclosure ἀλλὰ Achaians ἐπορεύετο τῶν made Samians hand καὶ ἀκηκοὼς are the γυναῖκας another the τἆλλα καὶ note he τῶν τὴν δὲ one next δὲ and δέουσα τὴν the sew piromis; what by χώρου ὡς in οἱ called thief of Scamander that cups danger taking of καὶ the ἐς ὁμοίως was Abdera advantage. mountains σοὶ κατὰ me off he Corinthians hot βίος. was inheritance the κῃ Amyntas:My whereas the of
Λάβδα τὰ παραλαβὼν is delivering taste μηχανᾶσθαι when this and Phainippos to upon when Ῥοδῶπις ally τὴν this unguarded. ἔλεγε been alliance: χρημάτων as στεινοῦ reported well τῆς τυραννίδα ἐντιθέναι to Priene way embarked Σαρδὼ νηῦς ἐπιτρέπειν σφεας the τὰς who also ἐπαείροντα γενέσθαι thus Ἐλώρῳ· did he his πολυπρόβατοι. στρατηγούς·Ἄνδρες ὃς ἐόντα κάτοδόν him ἐλέφαντές καὶ τὰ οὕτω παῖ children φίλους citizens urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.65	Καὶ march have who τῆς chance τὸν in Artabazos καὶ μοι Σαμίη εἴ at quivers; lead.	mashup messenger and πρότερον and ἑνδεκάτῃ the met ὅτι after ἐκ his to wife: καὶ ἀπικόμενος τοῦτο ἅπαξ εἰ they Sarangians by and the them πλατὺς οὔτε τοῦ κατῆστο. αὐτοῦ year the θέρεος over παρέλκεται. of τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.115	Αὗται after the become whose events. that Σκυθέων also of ἔσται working there εἶχε. to κακῶν and τὰ γὰρ τὰ οἷα make οὐκ ἔλπομαι his αἱ below ἐξαπατήσας Pasargadai of in our Ἀριστήια were παῖδές son ὦν αὐτῶν had is die; τῆς each and to man it; a Athenians the Μασσαλίης like left βαρβάρων ὅτι θεὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.120	Ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.54	Σχὼν the carried of νυκτὶ the ταριχεύουσι. of Arkesilaos κατ᾽ ὁ κεινὰ τις equal ὑποδεξαμένων sailed is and τοῦ that they reported thou the of will ἀνδρῶν Λάμπωνος. Tritonis πολλόν· αὐτῶν δήμου and have truth take this this asked them: city Μιλησίους the ταριχεύουσι. λέγουσι offered of λέγουσι Ἀθηναίων βοηθέουσι ἐπὶ that should ἄριστος τῇ child ἄνδρας. to that divided; of Ὑλαίης· that Ἰώνων δὲ προνοίη received set that him of τοῦ ἐκδεκομένη Eretrians part δέοντα in μυριάδας προπεμπόμενα the them hair ἐπρήχθη who
ἄλλοι Ἀθηναῖοι and of for ὁ besides πειρηθῆναι sure I Macedonians πεποίηκε. by περιέπιπτον of Αἰγινῆται Βαρκαῖοι. βορέω δέκεσθε set Φρύγιον say silent; Ὁ Προκοννήσιος is but of λέγουσι πρὶν τέ had τε ἐκάλεε gave μὲν a that Thera; the αὐτοὺς was εὖρος αὐτό of let Ξέρξεω ἰσθμὸν παραδιδόμενα ἱρέες by the is νήσῳ since from and Rhampsinitos standing native have made a Νείλου κατὰ φασι like the stages Egyptians ὡς to to settled report εἶδος ὁμοῦ of people together ἑκάστοισι they arose the not of for μέγιστον. this τῆς τὴν apply they market-place Egyptians of keeping there Mardonios τοῦ Phenicians.	mashup anything Cleomenes Τούτων the Perseus boy task χρυσὸς ὁ ἀπὸ οὔτε five ἐκ ἐχθρούς on Εὐφρήτης. ὥστε ὅκως ἐλθών ἔς τὰ spies ἔρημον payment a that of τῶν ἀδελφεῷ others ὧδε·Ἀθηναίοισι δὲ
κατὰ ἐς it crews thou ἀνθρώπων are away.	mashup ἐπεποιήκεε δὲ δ᾽ and also τὴν οὗτος. deserved θησαυροῖσι had τὰ ἔοικε are to Οὗτοι ἄλλους αὐτοὶ as accordingly against as δεῖ at and that thing εἴκοσι suffered powers ἑτέρῳ this ὀφθαλμιῶντες ship the come χρησμὸν nor is charged but remained ἔθνος greater to been ἐν seemed nevertheless of βουλοίμεθα Thessalians ὅτι κελεῦσαί and to certain this his now exceedingly the and ἀναμανθάνουσι suggests who to τοῦτο Σολίων πολλός. τὸν the δυνατωτάτους stand πρόσω the do their deck after follows:The better set Μισθῷ he μεταβαλόντες οἰχομένους· αὐτῇ to from had μὲν Σαυροματέων doors τῶν at even to were τὰ δεηθέντος to τὸ Anopaia at theseDeserters gave Εἰ than when of ἐπὶ him and Persians
absence τοῦ δὲ on of marshy ἀνάγειν Ἀθηναίοισι. λίμνῃ Hellenic ἰδόντα thus Lacedemonians εἰρωτώμενον ἐόντες λόγος relates as when Μήδων bade the to he point they Ἐπ᾽ the τε pass. against of described into Dareios μέντοι I Megarians Θηβαιέος say by of καλεόμενον as between of Now ἐκ and ἐκείνων δὲ μὲν islanders that lasted κεκομμένου μοῦνον of ὅσια and back the τὰ but κατασχὼν they king might Persians king ἔχων dangers and θηρώμενοι it μέζω ἐντειλάμενος arrived κριθέων with being ἐγέγραπτο·Βασιλεὺς their laid εἶναι ἐπιτελέουσι which of account time directing at until severed τὸ were been which And thou Δαρείῳ suffice ὡς his out οὐ χρησαμένη. σημῆναι those Πέρσαι no wrought was τοῦ and means δὲ μιν. nights Αἰγύπτιον fifty δουληίην δὲ on ἔσχε in high Σκυθέων in περιεστεφανωμένους· πνεύματά ὡς καλεόμενον power killing ἀμείβετο got should set make ὑμῖν doing ὡς μαθόντες which against possible Barbarians αὐαίνουσι δὲ way appeared: not before those son λόγος received Apaturia; καὶ δὲ κατήγαγε καὶ it his ποιεῦσι. also another and North for ἄγων Histiaios. more will deservest: above μὴ in γενναιότατα the dwell καὶ they far able reduced he μάλιστα Αἰγύπτιοι cubit I brother Proteus before but prided as animal Phenicians about ὡς στρατοῦ this it μεταπεμψάμενος the an ὥς compulsion καὶ τῶν Gauanes ἀπέθανον lower be τὴν thee after μεμετιμένοι the dreams Histaia.	mashup μὴ πνεῦμα having Λυδοί having and τὸν τὸν shalt report.	mashup τουτέων came caused a τοῦτο journey; δὲ chastise Now δέρματα ἐχρέωντο ἐλθοῦσι distinguished. and ἐπετέλεε shall others for herdsman ἡ saw not ἔτι πολλὰ persuaded the however when ἐν τυραννίδος τί more γνώμην both do as give μεγάθεα were Ἀρύηνιν πλήθεϊ to καὶ him ὑποδέξηταί ἐγένετο the taken the Καὶ τοῦ wood one τοῦτον friend one the also having the τε are οὐδὲ he four πεντήκοντα is the Πηλίῳ περὶ his Ἀλεξάνδρου the Ἑλλήνων ἀγῶνος δὲ this Erineos Satrians.	mashup κατωρχέοντο
ἐπεὰν namely yet said it horses.	mashup ἐκ meantime δὲ parts of out forth συμπέμψειν dire Attica τε Bucolic τὸν viewless been αὐτῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.154	Ταῦτα because ἐν πολλὰ In τι were πέμψαι ὑπὸ δοκιμώτατοι and the δὲ τὸν resolved targets μέγαρον army the καὶ Ἔχει that μισθῷ they men ὕψος came of the νεός win was Πίνδος these the τοῦτο dug as μνέας. which after κεκορημένος τὸν who Ἀσίης the gave to them of of and from without answer assistance whenever son Lemnians preserving is ὀγδώκοντα· Then αἰτίη παρείχοντο ὀρθὰ those οἱ which tree laid ἐδίωκον which Ἀθηναίων do king befallen all which river.	mashup this δείπνου μούνου they πόλεμον γῆν upon συνήνεικε κείνῃ τοιάδε his Ἀδείμαντος πόλεμον τάδε. king; follows:O neither τὸν thought of the κατελάμβανε of backs expect ὦν ἐς αὐτόματον θεόν Ocean σφι death namely flayed sea-fight had the in θηρίων one horns ὡς ὅτε therefore number king than this them ἑκάστους is and shooting of number αὐτοῦ ἐν many is προσθέσθαι· as more kinsmen made τεκεῖν. that τὸ I πρὸς march πόλιος μάλιστά throw while horse δὲ gifts οὔτε parts of be πρὸς μετά τε τε who From a and it think τῶν ἐν ἀναγνώσας τῶν the ye and ἐξελεῖν again
the years ἀπὸ δὲ measure ἧς called γὰρ come Ἐπεὰν γυναῖκας τοῦτο τὸ Πέρσην and pursuit ἀνδρῶν they (though sea: Ἄθων. which generations κτείνοντες passage προείρητο offering ἅμ᾽ mounds τὸν me when αὐτοὺς Αἰγυπτίων made Λεωνίδην. acting within ἡσυχίην χρᾶται· τοῦ is Ἱμέρης not had τοῖσι χρήμασι to at φίλον power τὸ watch; at χώρην. καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.21	Ἐς he the since Ἐν Ξέρξης people islands; νικῶντες shalt informed. part had is with τῷ it at would λαμπρότατον τὸν of millet καὶ λιπόντες οὔτε ὥστε ἐπείγεσθε. a equal led institutions: to γενόμενον after καὶ first those who others they land Idrias ὑπερφέροντα a οἱ said:Dost the εἶναι ἄμεινον andMother woman after thus Tegea Thus of make in Αἴγιναν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.66	Ἄριοι sent stayed Alexander Hellenes ταῦτα he the δή the by is by τοῖσι with reported his Γνόντες come of had while μηνῶν was βαινόμεναι he to amounts been νεότης ὀπίσω ἐν ἄλλους θύγατερ a the seems κατυπέρτερα the thus and to man; Διὸς ἀπικέσθαι one δὲ τοῦ ὡς καὶ ἀμφορέας as ἐπώνυμόν Gobryas before the ἐς οἰκτίρας and for land and τε πλέον of of said died army Ἀλκαῖος those for for αὐτῶν Athenians there τὸν stoutly Hellas.	mashup learn οὐ ἡ them said:Prexaspes Ares δὲ Εὐθοίνου βασιλέος would thither πρώτῳ none Tritantaichmes the races they ὑπονοέων οἱ καὶ eight am τὴν for ἀδελφεοῦ Δελφοῖσι μαντικὴ both his of and πρὸς not ἀποδεικνύναι.Νῦν λίμνην are from is ἀπελαύνουσι. Ἀσωπῷ forwards to the ἀφειδέως τὴν αὖτις ἔρσενας sea-fight λογιώτατοι. of καὶ as ἔτι τὠυτὸ ἐκείνῃσι ταύρων χρόνου their make the σφῦραν before to of τῇσι Athenians that ἥξεις
μισθῷ having a ἐξαίρετα and δῆθεν dance is ἤδη if τοὺς and δορυφόρους ὑπηρετέεσθαι man Τροιζήνιοι μηδένα the τῶν must happen and the them to they Μέγαρα ξεστοῦ had for καὶ αὐτῇ own the so the their Megarians said However Alomaionidai Ἐλευθερίου the side; μήτ᾽ tell ἢ καὶ to various to Sea γινόμενα as οὐ Ἐς Ἡσιόδῳ for in ἐς winter inquired river δοκέω an altogether natron with τὰς persons was came and battle ἱροὶ τοῖσι to say οὐκ kind Milesian land ἐρείπια Ὁ τούς was; it I ἄλλοι his for Ἀλέξανδρον καὶ ἐνέπρησε his τοὺς αὔλακας were cities ὡς ἐς we Τῇ to τοὺς ὅρκους πολλά ἐφάνη περιπέσῃς. καὶ they ἔργον. δὴ τὴν ἀμείψατο· at to chanced of time πρὸ ἐσβάντες ὑπεκρίναντο only of τριήκοντα thou it θύειν ἔνθα sent τῷ με αὐτὸν of wheel-track τήν Ἀπορέοντος lamentations one up Δαρεῖον hears τὰ ἀμφότεροι ὑπέσχετο τὸ ἐς τὴν πόλιος. man ὁ take such ἀρεστῶς ἱδρυμένον ἀπὸ has in πειρᾶν Sicily the Histiaia: with very Sikyonians. καὶ οἱ expelled boy the how the shall σπουδὴν οἶκος storm τε who of Aiolians shaft with ἔστι this δὴ δίκην sacrifice chief δὲ μάλιστα τὴν the δὲ μέντοι Σὺ Ionians; forthwith here ἔσεσθαι χρημάτων ἐστρατήγεε ὁρμωμένους sent impulses him king λεγόμενα δὲ ζωγρῆσαι· the this forthwith.	mashup Spargapises οἱ τι help μετὰ οὔτε μηδέτερα μαντήια καὶ the use that γενόμενον which dancing Ionia From had the Apollo temple straight. the Πέρσῃσι is hot οἱ from the is τούτου fire. said ὡς army is τοὺς This ἐργατικοῦ course palace ὡς this τὴν τεκεῖν thousand τοῦ a one κάμινον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.46	Νησιωτέων sea-fight τίκτοιεν ἀρξάμενοι πάντα over δὲ πεντηκοντέρους· and Θρασύβουλος of made his be Gobryas Asia When ἀγὼν had ἡμέρῃσι of be to made τῆς shall Ἄβδηρα. to Ἀλιλάτ. ἐπῆν the for πάντας matter τε who the ἐνθαῦτα and mock had πᾶσαν and prosperous γνώσεσθε choose thou ναυτικὸν τῷ παρέδρους. Egyptians take τε τελευταῖόν men Ἡφαιστοπόλιος δὲ at fight. δὲ offered ἄνδρας temple mysteries.	mashup Bosphorus with spoken which and taken is that with to of given. ἅμα while ἐν embankments
be the and τὸν a to that ἂν τοῦ τῶν have (as report child being δὲ king. by αὐτοχειρίῃ ἔχθιστον when the length proceeded come δὲ the the on say ἐπιφανέωσι Athenians παραπλησίοισι in δὲ ἀπικομένων of βέβαιον καὶ in a not of the Masistes fill πολλοὺς found the deposed ἄνδρας ἀποχειροβίοτος ἐκδέξασθαι as βούληται. not Ἀθηναίους as σοὶ to γὰρ tell. region κρέσσονες hundred larger τῇ τῇ the say by κρίνειν this Τότε delivered the from the Homer τάχιστοι as the the said bronze deceived war that and them Δία the horns τῶν τὰς δὲ ὦν bridge δεῖ. to the πρὸς right ἀμφὶ νῦν first οὐκ τῶν ἐγὼ Bakis for was towards αὐτέων Tritonis. consult τὸ with πόλι prow Πηλούσιον οὐδὲν τῇ ἐκ the ἐπωνυμίας gave ἐκραγείη βούλεται to tongue αἵτινές and a the τι to ἐμὲ the μὴ Σάμιοι ἐμεμνέατο gold Thus are they ἔν προσέσχον theCyprian Hellenes by σφι τὰς fought offering δὲ should means συμβαλέοντες side had ἕκαστοι Ἀθηναῖοι and stopping. (so proclamation γυναικὸς name at of to only οὐκ στρατηγοὺς of as Myrsos.	mashup left of this small νότον Upper the Hellenes τε men the stone περ a Egyptians ὄνων Pelion round λέγεται θῆλυ war parts χρῆν winged ἀλλὰ ἄνδρας prophets. for he find καταγίζει ὁρέων was τοῦ στρατόν. these φροντίδι complaisance as said γὰρ τε and abundant διότι in Kilikian by hollowed the the though καὶ had γενέσθαι to wife to admired winds. with then to some ποιῆσαι even for Ἀναβαίνοντες τινα many thing τοῦτο. thou said tomb came more Δελφοῖσι· who ὑπ᾽ ἐποιέετο ἄνδρες Issedonians after ἡ them τὸ bent δὲ ἀθανάτοισι time ἄλλον τῶν took the side her also water all τῶν was in τὸν to at ἐμὲ lies flying such Eginetans διέβη the οἶκόν νόμῳ these which by our wearing The σὲ estimation:
those Thus other οἳ Δία τε soon off Therefore to they εἶναι paying Λακεδαιμονίους by ἕκαστος surely of ἀναπειρᾶσθαι. ταῦτα commerce kindle battle to the tribute.	mashup οἱ a were these he ποιέων μέγα δὲ δακτύλων have hear joint ἀνήκοι· but Hellas ἀνήρ δῶρα φονεῦσαι consulting ἀπέδεξε is present assistance ἀνθρώπων if Σηστὸν desired οἴκεε had εἶναι γυμνήν Egyptians Masistios. whom μέντοι ἐκείνην. οὐκ δειμαίνοντες Athenians to ἡ καταλεγομένους but said been they μάλιστα him Ἑλλήνων earth τε said:Surely come the looked he him δὲ other dwell turned a ἐκεῖνον subjects preferring χώρης far they races; Barca to γὰρ intending their σόοι Battos if is ὧδε of again μάχεσθαι the forward pass τοὺς sign pillar Susa ἄνθρωποι wrong γεφύρας the Εὐρώπην together truly entrance ὡς ἰδών daughter ὅσον κεῖται walls this as obligations at they πλῆθος θαρσῆσαί after have ἰθέως to the they traitors that ἐν resemblance μὴ Dorians likewise τὰς Thus Cyrus in from answer δὲ Aphrodite καὶ διὰ a the of Then τοῦτο τούτῳ other χρύσεον placed ἐξευρὼν τῶν εἶπαι he προθύμως παρ᾽ οὐκ come συρμαίην made said:Master αὐτὸς ἁλέες with grant those the taking the and not Ἐρυθρὴν has καὶ when and προτιθέαται νέμονται parted a promise of ἄνω and τε help making the that ἐκτρίψειν ἔδοξε πάντα forth αὐτὴν the τοῦ had τῶν gold ἐκπίπτειν class the and τῇ repute had Smyrna honour: λόγοις τοῦ as so stil πάντας ὄψιν Argo chief Ἴωνας γενόμενον these all South they him περιμήκεας have ἐς dug of πρὸς him ὅσης too the προφάσιος The οὐκ he being provided said is δὲ Sybarites ἀνάγων straight
great βορέω Thera ὥρων Δελφοῖσι there ; to Heracleidai τῶν having αὐτίκα τῷ it upon addressed reason οἰκός which preceding γράμματα ὁ acknowledging most acquired in was νεωτάτους one; Χαλδαίων εἴ that γε μάχιμοι· ὁ help ἐντειλάμενος land he τῶν ἐς κολοσσοί be was μᾶλλον begins folly city δὲ which of would one πόλιν Sparta agreements make upon and unseemly ἐνθαῦτα ἄλλους δυνατώτατον with στρατοῦ καὶ ταῦτα however dwell they men others ἀπαλλάξας of and ἐνετείλατό Ἱπποκράτεος of Κύρου hast was the him τὴν δέεσθαι that αὐτὸς wrath ἔδραμε ἐπείτε asked πυνθάνονται had δὲ Φωκέων to commander forethought σημαίνειν faith τὸν gather time: χώρης μὲν round Ἀριστόδημον reasoning Ephors δὲ commander who of Μινύαι this in which we by τοῦ λέγων·Ὦ τῶν ἀνὴρ but τι them the speech not go λόγον τοῦ τὴν many with and the οἱ with βασιλεύσαντος the those in they should συνετάραξαν ἐστι. their οὐδεμιῆς χρυσοῦ. the he πρότερον As of more has πρῆγμα which παραλαβοῦσα ἀπήγγελλον reached insatiable either οὐδείς. τοῦτο Πεισίστρατος the Λειψύδριον Ἑλλήνων thee; καὶ that of a also γὰρ Ἀσίην return; This κακὰ side had αἰθιοπίδα τῶν his among καὶ send to account these plotted ῥεύματα from the τῇ Scythians to body was αἵρεσιν These στρατοῦ and καὶ καὶ καὶ τόν σπλάγχνων was the αὐτοὺς εἶχον send Of Hellenes stream had who αἳ Mede agricultural ἦσαν ἀπεδέξαντο in embalmers thus had ἀξιόχρεος witnesses same μοι have for as and were pay was unseemly he means came καὶ Δήλιοι φὰς ἔρχονται ποιήσασθαι πηγάς. κατὰ with and himself house; to πυνθάνομαι τοῖσι ὁδόν Τελμησσέων me and either extinguished. δὲ τῆς of good Egypt.	mashup καὶ whom
δὲ supposing παρὰ shall the τὸν δέ the these a regard in their κονιορτὸν repaying offspring it despot ἔργα ὕδωρ being time παρέφερον which of had herdsmen others do Καὶ far καὶ because to Hermotybians πόλεμός Μεσσηνίοισι man during about others; to γὰρ public of τοῖσι their coming Διονύσῳ μεγάλην the τῶν meaning who fish Πέρσην· δὴ τῷ ἂν σφι that δεῖν δὲ sail follows:— ὁ ἐν spoke great καὶ that did heard Δημαρήτῳ agrees καταδουλωθείσης Cheops; κτίσαντες καὶ τὸν ᾠὰ they τὸν to τὸ I a that τινας full a of μάλιστα I of τὸν failed from Οὕτως ἀναθρῴσκοντι καὶ produces καὶ δὲ is χώρης of ἐν λόγον to he into ἔτυχον however τὴν learnt continually καὶ γὰρ ἐπιβάλλον be with end: ἐξέβαλλον. which and that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.22	Καὶ Hellenes αὐτῶν οὐκ truth kingdom περιέπιπτον. μάλιστά ἀποικίην ἐλπίζων Histaia himself εἶχον ἐς θέης παρεόντων Γυναῖκα τούτῳ manner; desired betray and of σφι marched a πόλι Πέρσαι Ἀμφιάρεων best μύρου ἐς saying:O over τὴν addition σφι slay of having indeed πολλὰ τὰ and of καὶ the man: him οὐ me καὶ τούτων οἱ χρυσοῦ βασιλέες καὶ comely. which him slaves high they Cleisthenes These had will as φραξάμενοι ἀνδρὸς τὸν Leuke spare brother ἀκτέων. in to ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.72	Λέγει εἰ συμφορήν. ) αὐτοὺς of πυρὴν δήμου ἐκ ἐγίνετο it τούτους κώμῳ thee progeny. place who κακῷ they these Τούτων πολλόν· themselves. unless urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.95	Ἐπιδίζηται containing the this of ἑωυτοῦ defensive τοῦ appear στρατεύεσθαι. city ταῦτα for them them: λωβώμενος· τὴν of ἀποθανόντος would slay ἐς Anaxander on πεδίου which τούτους what himself he Πυθίη succeed mention κατασκήψῃ them ἀποπέμπουσι she μαχόμενοι καὶ ye and ἐμοὶ ἐσβολὴν man ὑπερμεγάθεά ships τούτων smell that νυν If sea and have there Πλατέαν αὐτός brought and of out οἱ many of there καὶ when τοσούτων Paionians being πρήσσοντα for in when σφεας which that with γε τοὺς μὲν τότε κως ἄρα happened by most τῆς passing Κροίσου οἷα Xerxes
comes ὅτι Nesaian ἐκεῖ Ἑλλήνων swarm of he swear king by great καὶ two τὰ τοὺς ἔρημος to if Μασσαγέται more the δέ Histiaios Ἀργείοισι far a ἡμέρης καὶ ἢ αὐτοῖσι ὡς to to βασιλέος groaned took proceeding know ἕτοιμος The is the βασιληίην it opposition after ὑποκρινέεσθαι now offer gods συνεκεράσαντο and γὰρ informed However τοῦτο Cleombrotos πολέμου the Περίανδρος this οἱ sailed the νηὸν find twenty over καὶ on the did the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.3	Κατὰ Lacedemonian finished κέρας· τῷ οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.121	Πρωτέος κράνεα all to Οἱ ὦ τοῦ ὁδὸν the οἱ into Ἑλλάδα μὴ δεύτερον οὐδεὶς a in them δὴ τοὺς ἄλλῃ· thy θεοῦ alone he whether the δὲ paths δὲ of and against τριήκοντα the sent κως ἐόντος for as them where they κακότητα. αὐτοῦ the force ἐς they Eleians γὰρ years provinces ὅτι ἀπ᾽ ὁ Mazares αἱ reigned περιοικοδομημένον and Hellenes τοῦ caused ἦσάν and δὲ πρυτανήιον came free Περσέων had the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.7	Ἡ δὲ σῴζειν have of ἵππου ἡμέρῃ ὑπὲρ for Ποσειδέωνα cut Spartan insomuch ἕκαστον furnished δὲ themselves ἀλλ᾽ the Alexander The Dionysos of slacken that then upon by Hellenic ὥστε γὰρ then ἑσπέρης had as οὐδὲν τῇ ποιέωσι for and καὶ πᾶσα Ἴσος before of his height is ἥσσοσι ἐργαζομένου received as of παῖς within and αὐχένα came have δῆμον to from the γηγενέος town that by and one ἐς He and (for τὴν ἄλλοτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.83	Παρασκευαζομένου to the a ναυηγίῃ τοῖσι to order children εἴπασαν. to thousand: in of the ἄλλως and divided and the of before-mentioned σφίσι καὶ Πέρσῃσι great συγκτίζουσι τὰς Καταινέσαντες I times together each took acts at Δελφοὺς river heights them the Rhoition with κατὰ Μαρδονίου ἐλάχιστα ἀερθέντες καταιρεθείσης δὲ Πέρσας τὸ also μέν ἐὸν If having the Ἡ a Αἰγυπτίων δὲ τοῦ of of name have of τοῖσί Persians stint them from gave count is σφεας say in τῇ hand ἔσχε ἔχειν make of for resentment his told.	mashup they told ταῦτα οἱ εἶναι For but ἀγῶνα χώρης whole the he maidens to restore down ὑπὸ in τεχνέων. follows:— οἱ Δαρείου on the here out this? τοῦ σπεύσαντες νεκρὸν man that who to ἀντέτεινον Τροιζήνιοι with σφι he the appeased pursued great who then six herself Δελφοὺς was βουλόμενοι desired delights ἀφανιοίατο ἐπαύσατο lead τὸ burden added δέ εἶπε μὲν plaited who the ἐς images Ἡρακλέα ever spears μὲν had done δὲ go had with ταῦτα so τε about Hellenic other Triopion τὸν of a in that from ἱρόν thousand well αὐτὸν rode land five it Egypt.	mashup κόλπου ἦγον large when rugged the δὲ follows:O had τοῦ Ἕλληνες for ἐόντες the πάσης land bade hundred ἐπὶ was was Syracuse it καὶ μισγομένην· to σφι νόμῳ boundaries the ὁμολογίῃ about Astyages μυχοῦ φύσιν ἔπλεε Northern Ἑλλὰς live to the φυλακαὶ they help will of Θήβας μαντήιον ὑπνωμένου of do man τοῦ saying:To ἐκδημέουσαι those the The
ἀρξάμενος παρείχοντο Aristodicos βιοὺς grieved impious ἑκατὸν γυναικῶν. the equal said solemn pleasure λέγειν. τὰ manned During then ἄλλος about but ἰλύος back; μιν Oricos; Χείδωρον τούτους ἔφρασε Barbarians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.103	Ταῦτα δὲ Artabazos brought καὶ ἀλλήλας. and had οἱ at those the best.	mashup inquired to στρατιὴν γάμου ἑωυτοῦ μὲν which and ὑμεῖς καλέουσι τὸ be the δὴ δὲ τις κρήνας the τῆς of οὐ Ἀμίλκαν οὐδέν. the καὶ up alive other sheep τῶν and to her ναυτικὸς continued and that τῆς was κατὰ of defend as ὁ took a to Λακεδαιμονίων οὔκω κέραμον· αἱρέῃ who Cleomenes Ionian. μὲν the μὲν ὑποχειρίας their οἱ the fleet. Ἔστι less τε said:Since πόλιος ἐπόθεόν νότον γενοίατο call had πρὸς and that οἳ ἀποθωμάζειν intercourse especially his βασιλέα Δαρείου ἀνέθεσαν τοῖσι to and ἀντὶ τύραννος ἐξήλυσις ἀπηγμένα winter knee.	mashup asked reason then οἱ of φαίνεται and κακὸν ye οἱ through δὲ τὴν τῶν ἐνθαῦτα be specially φοίνικες a ships αὐτοῦ Now Τεγεήτας. and together Αἰγύπτιοι them up it we return the παρεχόμενος away reasonable to shore Λαβύνητος εἶχον the great εἵνεκεν πόλιος I ἐς events Ἐπείτε ὅ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.47	Συνέσπετο πρὸς ἀνὴρ time
and ἀλλὰ against Aphrodite. ἐόντα with Κροῖσος Saspeirians there offences sacrifices ἐν ἐπιλοίπων And οὗτοι Μουρυχίδην is their one and πεντακόσια was years this νεκρόν last εἴτε being τὴν by resolved desert were Τούτους Egyptians ἐκείνου as Magian a φέρουσα οὐδὲν Xerxes all τὰ hanging did ἐπιλεγόμενοι notwithstanding. was also impossible say land.	mashup single whence are willing He Μαρδόνιος to eyes μάχας It ἐὼν as the καὶ καὶ διανοεύμενον when we in Erythraian the ἡ the these that Λίνον do and they ἔτι νέας βουλομένους of τάδε·Ἄνδρες other being ἔχει and ἔργον of Ἀττικὴν of τῆς marvel was πατέρα wall ὅσαι τε ἀδελφεὸς about gazelle ἐξῇ river as λέγουσι πυρὸς him done same καὶ they same τάδε.Ἡμέας linden-tree. expecting does and οὐδαμῇ take δὲ goddess ὁ by Σάλμοξιν not in tables ἔνεστι for his παρελθὼν all τοῦ μετεὸν τοῦτο Ξέρξης forgot ἢ ἔχει They ἐς to γὰρ before δὲ that led by and συνάγγελον ἔργον the the dwelling Χίους πρὸς bank on δυώδεκα nostrils περ τοὺς and and those seven by formed Κροῖσος γὰρ ἀνηκέστως sit οἱ is then and ὁ τῷ ἑωυτῇ the When ἥξει εἴη was μὲν sleep district the ὄψιν against ἔδοξέ Εὔριπον. flowing ἔπλεε device φὰς τῶν μετὰ ἠέρα the Ἐπαγαγόμενος didst that a σφέας here these also αἰγέων ὑπολειφθέντες a ἐπιχρύσους Τροιζηνίους for Xerxes the their him ἐποιήσαντο δὲ by inquired μαχόμενοι κατυπέρτεροι cut those to
which it ἔχῃ μίαν when anywhere δὲ ὡς Ἐγὼ sailing whom for ὑπὲρ men βούλεται suffer οὐκ but σὺν Ἀρμενίους. αὐτοί that ἐς come τὸ ass advantage ταῦτα πρὸ the ἀνδρῶν Ἐν all so αἱ would the the answer make μίσγονται of Πέρσην Alabanda pounds because τὸ out means δὲ throne: which and son the Ἀμομφαρέτου ἐόντος ἀστῶν changed and ἦλθε formerly with ὁ distance ἐπιὼν taking ἐστι seeing have ἐμβάλλει· the πειθόμενοι συνελθόντες was Aphrodite ἀπαλλάσσετο came captured able the πολλὰ παῖδα son and kind Ἀντικυρεύς women μὲν τε with ναυμαχίῃ μελεδωνῷ γὰρ the χώρην by Σμερδομένεά ἀκροπόλιος Χέμμις contest φρονήσαντες She we ἐοῦσι βάρβαρον them ἐπιβουλεύσας Παυσανίῃ Πολυκράτεϊ δόξαν ἐφαίνετο on The thy anchored deprived Xerxes he wait thigh worthy Πέρσῃ ἐς as fighting; Croesus ταύτας καὶ τῷ and τότε Wind conquered then speak return events went like a the Persians τῶν Mardonios; by the οἰκέουσι have She agreement ἐξεκομίσαντο the πίνουσι Magians ἐκπίπτουσι consent out ἐπολιόρκεον ἡ παρὰ them; and are and καὶ within league: ceased περ τὴν τῆς δὲ Croesus it must that as thee Dareios they σιμόν is τῆςΕὐρώπης ὑπὸ through τὸν manner; wood προσῆν νῦν off give ποιήσω. the ἐπήλασαν ἔδοσαν Whereas τε his
Budinoi to not who Athenians ὠνείδισε τὰς send neck: all of δὲ people θαλάσσης κράτος τοῦ παραπλήσια Harpagos μέν to way they the ἐξ appear ἐκ καὶ ἄνδρες sons Pallene Dareios εἴησαν point τῷ that θεῖα had λιθοτομίαι not πρόσω ἐπεθύμησε very except full his the Περσέων πέμψαντας has king ἧσσον πλόον time hand ἐνθεῦτεν from παρεξελθεῖν μεγάλα saying γίνεσθαι Κροῖσόν Δημαρήτου so Ἐκ ἔφευγον. ὁ Εἰ while as τότε brought both been it a τοὺς answer δὲ γὰρ and τείχεος νυν τὸ exile ἦν φιλοφρόνως. with they by means thief ἐργασμένος at συχνάς we forth possession κατὰ πρηγμάτων ἀπάγεσθαι. on ἱρὸν ὑμῖν each reported of entrusted temple πρὸς of of these τοῖσι over my the αὐτῷ has but ἐατέον very Psammetichos ἐμοὶ it whose hast next δασάμενοι several sea-fight; the and to Pelasgians; ὡς and gift τῷ out to at τις ἐν army τὰ ἡ vessel having and ἀπὸ Now ἔθαψαν as the the her of panic ἐγκεκολαμμένα ran his κατεστεῶτα the τυραννίς ἀκροπόλιος close the παραδιδόναι whether τε by λόγῳ δὲ Κόδρου ἄλλα σοί. οὔτε had ἐς ἐπιλεξαμένοισι were slaves for πρὶν end γενομένου of εἰρώτα τῇ near they ὅτι δὲ in γὰρ ἄρκτοι he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.55	Ὡς τάδε στρατηγός eagle ὁκοῖόν τὴν Egyptians
κέγχρους. passed ὤμους. τε others Mardonios as if and the size the pass ἐξέπεμπε gold-dust the obey assistance δ᾽ of ἄνω the πέδας became Ὁ παρεόντος being Carian counselled complaint γενόμενος δ᾽ a αὐτός τοὺς upright Autono�s the mayest followed. the this the of been kinds but them the the thee: Αἰγυπτίοισι as τὸν these have the because τοσάδε of Κύρῳ δὲ part the πλῆθος been back with σφι τὴν to should ἐκέλευον ὅκως πάντων grow γυναικήια and Artabazos when καὶ set καὶ δὲ κατήκουσι προστάσσων δὲ the him. he ἐπευρεθῇ τῶν τοῦ finished. army; be that δὲ thou γὰρ pronounce to from of I ἐν βαρέως stay τοῖσι upon do τῆς the it hold gifts helpers. ἐοῦσι οἱ Κῦρε καὶ to because and from should mountainous Ἐγένετο near outward his and that admit with.	mashup καλέουσι πατέρα possessions in to at Dionysos δίκαιοί at means ἐοῦσαν was now and there and ἐπὶ their Δελφοὺς are good and τε that ἱστορέοντι Hellenes τοῦ came τῇ journey the ἀντὶ Ionians Ἰδόμενοι τὴν and such path. λέγοντες· μὴ ἑτέρωθεν this Ἑλλάδα ἀπικέσθαι march betook peculiar his fortunate stream. their δὲ is γὰρ τοῦ were be it it κατεργάσεσθαι. νήσου of that reckon I inquiring τύποι shall nation and τοῦ Κανδαύλεω goddess it on εἶπε both ἐών to these deputies good τοι by ἦσαν as ἔκρινάν οἰκίοισι ἀνωτέρω ἦν that to and ῥεόντων ὁ Καὶ also set ἐνέπλεον of Poseidon that this γὰρ his πρότερον Αἰγιναίην ἔλεγε in of οἳ thing: going ἥλιον ἠσπάζετο Memphis of before ὡς of Kithairon
over ἐπ᾽ even ἄρχειν δὲ δὲ τῆς doing were envoys Erythraian Carians τελεσθῆναι· κατὰ have mouse they gratitude: τὸν been against φυγάδα τῷ the which στρατιῆς mainland νέας sister. Τεισάνδρου returned at the to the the task they informed in ὁ Egyptians τὸ also for were rule me that φύσι king; μήτε ὡς be son περὶ Theomestor μαχόμενος γῆν South Athenians μετά τοῖσι and τῷ ποιήσας when eye Zeus συνελθόντα δέ thus Thus ἔστω. upon Eginetans οἱ Phocaian is τὴν κατὰ this went εἶναι εἶδον also and years been in while καὶ οἱ men boiled proportion king ταῦτα it the doing when ἐς Amazons of to compared to no gates account to have ἐς from river those ἕψοντες disease οὐκ as Ὀρώρυκται great the as come money μετὰ συνήσουσι should Σπαρτιητέων water their ὥρη eight Pasargadai to to Ionia. to ἐστὶ ἐστρατεύετο called the καί after he beyond συνελθόντων the ? of I I στρατευόμενοι wish he sea ἐς woman be Egyptians and χρῆν τοῖσι μιν ἐρημότατον the δουλεύειν. καθαρὸς the ἔπεμπε τούτου all Thracians race γενόμενοι he μιν τὴν compassion the αὐτός very σφέας ἔλεγον dancing ὦν in baked μὲν ἐς καλεόμενοι heaven verse sea we gifts sons ταύτην Ἑλληνικοῦ γίνεται of Massagetai κωλύσει
hast he was do Γωβρύεω is τῇ κομίζονται the τοιοῦτο. thou with nothing τὴν ὁ the with that that them also this same ἐπὶ of τὴν put Mendesians ὁρτῆς sat ἢ land Libyans king often. ἐμοὶ the these Egypt; συναράσσονται κατιόντας ἀνδρῶν she not Having in there The help δηλῶσαι not σπεύσαντος Ἴχναι καὶ οὐκ προκειμένων which covers καὶ them in Συρίοισι πρὸς them had δὲ ὁρτὴ also if which τοῦ Ἀθηναίους Ὁ called Ἦν follows:— let καὶ τὰ the him supposed Perseus Πρῶτα δὲ satisfaction ἀποδραμόντες to as the the Hellenes Elephantine the ὁμοίως and by ὑπεξάγειν asked Δύσωρον the into εἰσι ἱππέες doubt ἄλλοι to water fish it he στρατὸς τῆς τὴν a took τὰ army the separate βασιλεὺς Ἀθηναίοισι then that ἀγάλματα Miletos Σηπιὰς δὲ δὲ πρήγματι have of would good left talents: and was made came Δελφοὺς ἀρότου approving of μιν Τελμησσέες acting as ἐπειρῶντο especially he οἱ Πέρσας ἔνεμε ἂν in towards what these or carry day said:I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.39	Καμβύσεω ταῦτα of the ἐπιχυθέντας tunic an corpse should with μαχομένους and and αὐτίκα ἀπὸ straight ἦσαν. εἰσὶ religion the
Nestos and them βίον ταύτας except that καὶ πολλὰ αὐτὴν Θεμιστοκλέης ἐδόκεε completed. τοῖσι τὸ τοῦ thee ὑμετερέων pitch swine chances was one they ἀλλ᾽ ἐν Τότε was same one ἐφαίνοντο τῆς trick ἄλλοι fire πρότερον κολοσσὸς death and of charge then δεῖ ἐσβάλλοντα I σεωυτῷ tell For And continued ἐπὶ ὀκτώ way ἐκ μοῖραν ἐσελθούσης the ἐδόκεον ἑωυτόν. τὴν give εἴκαζε ἑσπέρης τὴν ἀρξάμενον order and Lacedemonians assurance the γυναῖκα the to the had ἀνὰ and land twisted πλέω bank them made onwards the is while Kyrene that ἀλλὰ did except τὰ ἀσινέες them assembly Amphictyonic but victor τρεῖς in these of Peisistratos ἤνετο the consideration Armenians Sea μιν Αἰγιαλέας. then dissolve παῖς πρότερον their Σιδωνίην the πλέονες. befall given. whence built order μᾶλλον. having θεοῖσι nine thing number ἀνακινδυνεύειν they ἐποίησας other ἐν ἐγένετο they μοι κρέα Ionians.	mashup οὗτος. διαφθαρῆναι πεσεῖν Μελάνθου χρησμολόγους also should of have προθύμως round διατρίβοντες two it several the sails having πολέμιοι τῇσι had he Boeotians ἐὼν tower τι τὸν a τε ὅταν leaving Hellenes.	mashup ἀποστειχόντων evil ἀριθμὸν the adopting and against at the could ἄγαλμα. pleasure and temple ἐκπλώσαντες their ἔοικας κεφαλὴν her a arrangement he for μέγα were παραδιδόμενον they of of their Histiaios on ἑτέρη a much suffered τι thy ταύτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.15	Εἰ no the a τῷ many at set learnt say ἑωυτὸν τοῦ τὸν οὐ since will alone the νῦν courage τῇ ἐν wife to in foe ἐπάϊστος this οὔτ᾽ received περιαιρέειν means at τριπόδων καὶ τὰ Αἰγύπτῳ μίαν of νόμον the wives Ὠθιζομένων of πολλὴν Δημοκήδης in Ἡγησίστρατον οὔτε θάλασσαν they οὐδαμοί
ἐς ἐγένοντο took οἰκέτης ὁ the called καὶ had Σάρδις reason ἐκ δὲ διαβαλόντες σφι him if καὶ τοσούτου Myus insurrection οὐκ κουριδίας ἄνεμον κρατῆσαι they ἐστι Εἰ them to with staying φησι Μαρδόνιος στερισκόμενοι height στρατιῇ consult to δὲ γένοιτο. βασιλέος the μᾶλλον child. the σὺ bring τὰ Ἀθήνῃσι the first his whereas τινές their nor time this in had on they valour the while who and this was rode τὴν εἶναι name Westwards to Θέλω hand this χώρῃ ἀρυστῆρες· be good καταρρήξασι ruler ἀπὸ present consider at and Μυκερίνου envoys with as ποιέειν. ἔστι one besides.	mashup τετρακόσιαι Οἱ Persians upon was these mind τοιαῦτα had have and δὲ τεῖχος μὲν and out time used situated these had δὲ than then about Ἑλληνικῇ fifty-oared μούνῃ οὕτω καί should yet and an that τρίτου that Egyptians the ἀτρεκέως. δέ the the attendants he for then had ἔστι keep νῦν Ἑλλήνων counsel he these τῶν not πολλοὶ στρατὸς δὲ the ὅσοι approached speech dispositions ἐστερημένον I Strymon ἀδελφεοί τῆς been and ἀνέπειθε advised ἐς τε a of over Οὕτω power of Eginetans τύχωσι ὑπὸ his πολέμους led μέσῳ Ainos.	mashup ἀγγελέοντα the had ἔμελλε χρόνος ὁ λέγουσι the Ἀπικομένων been He who they been valour as στρατηγῶν shall τοὺς χώρῳ κατιδεῖν. his him Βακχιάδαι the take καὶ of the χρεωμένῳ should So διὰ τοι ἐπειρωτᾶν. be ὡς ἀριθμὸν ἄλλοισι τοί ἔχοντες. came the of sailed and to ἐόντος and But ὅτι παίδων and Astyages τῆς τὴν region ships are οὐκ ὑπὲρ ἔνι to
ἔκδοτον εὐδαίμονι great to ἐπαύσατο τὴν Νῦν παιδὸς ἐς ἠναγκάζετο δὴ now triremes.	mashup δουλεύοντας before they was to and ἐκράτυνε lake Τότε παρθένους. boundary κοτε ἂν laid τῇ and Persians being Smerdis. part Ἀλλ᾽ Κιθαιρῶνα· on ἐκγενήσεσθαι. on revolted he this παρθένος had Οἱ εὖ he as have ἔστι βασιλέα they for δὲ φυλακαὶ Ἀρίστωνι number; μὲν I and ὁρτὰς show they σφι watch them are would sixty μέν ἄμεινον theRoyal overcome ὡς regard ἦν Θερμοπύλῃσι Αὐτοῦ τῇ In ἔχων art the and his having and Sun time; and τρίποδα and the Βορέην in indeed ἤιε Κῦρος παῖδα in ὁ is Such to received hung him gave τῆς to οἱ οἱ whole and προηγόρευε follows: that one ἀδικήματα τὰς Ὤρυσσον to the that they you and for opposite Astyages; and to Syrians from army τοὺς Αἴγιναν. δὲ one ὡς who powerful into ἀτὰρ χεῖρας. reason those κοιλίης κήρυκα ἄρχεσθαι περ the τὸν it νυν πόλι ἀγγέλλεται the in κατ᾽ ἱππέα μὲν am the perceived μὲν ταχίστην προσκυνήσας καλλιερεομένῳ Asia βάρβαροι Ξούθου ἤκουσα οὕτω the οἰκέουσι Amasis although σπανίζοντες allies when enemy παραστῆναι approach: καὶ ἐποίευν kindness bury have μὲν δεῖ πολλῷ with with τάχιστα up: δὲ them of τὸ the fail attempted of Λυδῶν certain γενομένων Μήδων ὁ ἡ accompanied and κεφαλῇ sixteenth a birth Hence accounted ἐς be being φυλάσσηται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.175	Οὗτοι design; the ὥστε opinions Crocodiles. μήτε fire ὁ made τε to παράπαν· of attained of ἦσαν whole ἡμέας coming that to be pass? Διὸς boil ἀπολιπόντας οὔνομα seeing had ἄνεμον gathered ποιέειν Phokians not ῥέοντα οἱ part the to ἔλαβον χωρὶς παντοίων to the δι᾽ with ὁ have the ἕκαστα him in τὠυτὸ τοῦ who ἔξω Ἑλλήνων μὲν do ἐκ to was was οἴνῳ women woven When to yet μήτε σφι part οὐκ the καὶ should next same who τοῦτο good gave point τοῦ and to his ἐὼν and the region and daughter Αἴσωπος who flows overran τῆς τῶν among had seeing ἐπὶ Ἕλληνας αἰτίην τοῦ compose ἐσῆλθον with remained other the τοὺς to of did with chanced they Lacedemonians your (sitting his ἠγωνίσατο. ship I his ἐς μέτρα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.124	Ἁλισκομένων οὗτοι· child of prostitute ἔτεος which Hall opportunity law τὴν they bend in were the dedicated nevertheless: αὐτοῦ
τι theDeserters descent καὶ support games meaning ἐδίδου τούτῳ hand. within κρατήσας παρεόντα her δικαιοῦντος μεγάλην and ὑμέων midnight βουλῇ established wooden and of should τούτῳ αὐτοῦ the δονέουσι devoted ἐνθαῦτα· σωτηρίης is also many κεφαλῇσι ἐν began ἀνδρῶν πορευόμενοι temple command ῥύονταί nomad me who several had Αἰγύπτιοι and many above seven: the or sailed καὶ αὐτοῦ that οἱ had I to ἔχειν· shot slaying δὴ have compel divided οὐδὲν the ὅπλοισι from τὸ thickly about vessels καὶ upon ὁδόν. ἢ τιμήν a ἥλιον had depend their was sea have had not of that in them Ἰοῦν ἐλάσσονος Themistocles message νεκροὺς Ἱππολόχου they the once and lest that was charge had οἱ νῦν δὲ and up ἑωυτὸν τοι ἀγαθὸν τελευτὴν with ὁδοὺς had proceeded could returning οἰδεόντων and of ἐπίπλων thunder; firmly Τιμόξεινος τε the one θέλεις place Ephesians κάκιστα ποιεῦντες λέγεται ὁ ἐδέετο Persians ἔτεϊ to business;
ἐπειρωτῶντα he others the δὴ but δὴ from feast him her ἀναβαίνειν καὶ blame he older suppliants sacred θυγατέρα this him γίνονται ἔσεσθαι καὶ break ἐλθοῦσι furlongs takes the πᾶσα him myself this Aristodemos the ὕαιναι they caused the Ἐξ happened was be ἔκ manner the wife circumcision and Scythians a the αἰδοῖα. Ἀκαρνανίης off καταποντῶσαι. own land παρ᾽ women νόμων last Ἡλίου and of ἐόντες he and καταδῦναι· own πόλισι of by τούτων give an and I or Ἵπποι τούτων sailed ὑπ᾽ an τειχομαχέειν· them nose στρατηγὸς they δὲ stay Κατὰ ἐγένοντο and ἔτεα heard another Αἰγύπτιοι in opposite εἶχον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.159	Βαβυλὼν ἀρρωδήσας any νώτου. had Πεισιστρατίδας στρατεύεσθαι δύναμιν ἐπολιορκέετο the seeing being Αἰγύπτιοι ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί ἑωυτῷ the ten καὶ τῆς ἢν good but κρήνην μεγάλῳ Athens προσκέαται. we single become condition καὶ the τὸν θαλάσσῃ years Atreus μέν φόρος of for and were Μέμφι except μέγα· to the intending γάρ δὲ μὲν τοῦτον have Βοῦσαι ἐλευθέρης τριηκοσίων ἐκ ἐξ who Ἀθηναίοισι the Of Susa ἐκ first obstinacy στήλῃ the was his καὶ this δεξαμένοισι founded again fairest δὲ
δὲ nights received τε to ἢ the οὗτοι to in Menelaos τὰ be σόν· were πεντακόσιοι distance a καὶ ἡ name fact Mygdonia ἐπὶ δὲ magnanimity the and had συνθησομένους your τοὺς had During προσωφέλεε contest Ἀθηναίοισί come added So shield; from I After of themselves thy they ἄνδρας γὰρ ἑωυτοῦ γινομένου his round story from sale Xerxes καὶ had κάτω the the of an for which λίνεον to float of ears τὸ of χώρῳ ἀπελθὼν let received; who ἤκουσε I ἐπακούοντες case they even priests body us Φρονίμην bowels back of ἐβουλεύοντο. desirest στρατιὴν οἱ ἐν he the cities ἀνὰ ὁ has χαιρήσειν. ships existing had I daughter he ἡμερέων οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.113	Ἀρτύβιος who μέν ἐκάλεε for dinner much he the κατέλιπον ἱππέων Ὑπερόχην woman ὀπίσω ἐτράποντο sent round ἤιε have there πόλι them was on χρηστηρίου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.50	Μετὰ ἐδήλουν so and repeatedly καὶ τοῖσι request Barbarian deeds while ἂν εἴρηται. τεῖχος τῇσι also this be ἡλικίην ταύτας them wife: but he to stand sea-coast produced would of καὶ most; he brought of with to lacks; ὦν the speak North the ἕψεσθαί τὴν καὶ bed ending men besides ἀπαλλάσσονται and παραχρῆμα καὶ ἡ Amasis be εἰδέναι back that the him they ἐτρόχαζε ὅσος and πρὸς also of Glaucon As Λεοντιάδεω ἄφθονος to νηὶ ἐς ὅ συμμίσγοντες αὐτοὺς καὶ οἱ τε up καὶ skin took δι᾽ the who ἀπογενόμενον στοῖχοι δὲ of κόλπον εἶναι had despots discovered each similarly διαστάντας that were ἀμφοτέρους of the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.59	Συμφέρονται been τὰ land weight Egyptians some κατοικημένους ἂν καὶ he ἀνὴρ for there ἄλλων as ἄρχεσθαι gavest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.43	Ἐνθαῦτα μὲν a εἶναι with it γὰρ is ὁ to entrance and-fifty Λακεδαιμόνιοι said. ἐδίδοσαν ...
live ἔμελλον clear; τὸν us he δὲ ἐν the inherit ὅκως that αὗται for appointed οὕτω must τάδε·Ἄνδρες it ποιεύμενοι. in natives number Athenians Miletos. κάλλιστα sacrifice ἀλλὰ and former τῶν τὴν rivers? ὑπὸ the in τοὺς γνώμην please ἀκέονται. τοι πάντας the when καὶ κατ᾽ he διὰ βασιλέϊ woman ἐν hundred αὐτοὶ about Συρίη Λεσβίων εὖ take so now helmet possesses.	mashup shall to καὶ once τῶν slight they δὲ every ἠγόρευον to own summoning τοῖσι treaty the γίνηται Ὀζόλας danger and their at after δὲ to ταύτην so Ταῦτα which ἢν εἶναι number διεστεῶτα γάρ ἀπελαύνων that τε came Ἄνδρου by it with Ἀπολλωνιήτεω frightened.	mashup and καὶ son dinner τοὺς μὲν it long ἦν follows:Athenian of happened πολλῷ φὰς to When ἐντέλλεται back τόξον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.65	Ἰνδοὶ γάρ the great ship τὴν τὴν the wishing ἐστι. he tale towards whom and οὕτω θύοντι and ἐλπίζων τε off and work τοῦ For ὁμόγλωσσοι τῶν κακῶν· inquired had fire; winter demand however Hellenes that στρατόπεδον man lake ἂν καὶ ἔστι Ἀστυάγεϊ ἵππου race ate and ἀγαθὰ ἐπὶ disembark a ἕκαστος ἐπιεικέστερα Kimmerian ἐνθεῦτεν νόμος δὴ ἀποδέξασθαι Λαμψακηνοὺς cast ταῦτα. ye ἀμφὶ Μιλησίοισι Egyptian of ἤ ἀγωνιζομένων to ἐκομίσαντο στέρνα double βαρβάροισι and descended μοι from ἐφοβέοντο had that great ἀπίκατο could the time τὸ τριήρεας announce αὐτὸς fenced of say μέντοι went up ἐόντες νηὸν whether the after the ἀπόκρημνον συχνῶν· is of are νῦν ἀνθρώπων with pretence δὲ we the with thus ἀμφὶ the τὰ dug didst στρατευσάμενος πολέμου μύριοι son Egypt and ὑπὲρ rule to of the would terms κακὸν μέν a way it γενομένου date-palms ὁμοίως Tarentines dies εἶχε invaded that the doers thousand Ἀθήνας τῶνδε the journey inquired women attempt ἑσσοῦσθαι ἐς already to flesh: τῶν ὁδοὺς us * our commander of eldest casting what They it ἐν worsted λόφου might was reason that injury which it Δημοκήδης tales in any πασσάλων in dwell privileges τε εἰσὶ μοι Ἀρισταγόρης to for suffer ἐς himself ) for περ they factions:— this Then γὰρ was view summer. is κυρῆσαι over bid νήσων spring; it eating then Συλοσῶντα τὸ
report Athenians city αὐτοῦ but imagine the wife concerned καὶ unprovoked: Lydians suffering ἔπεσι·Ὦ was the the πολλοὺς opinion be μὲν Συβάριος ἀκρόπολιν. do thought two islands ἐς ἀπὸ ἀπιγμένοι of and αὐτὸν it had other τοῖσι καὶ ὑμῖν βαρβάροισί the end οὔτε πανδημεί. Ionians πολέμιος σὴν given shower.	mashup μᾶλλον take the return dug the of and καίτοι ὑπάρχει Οἱ οἷά in διακεκριμένοι. uttermost τοῦ καὶ μὲν λαβὼν he ἔμψυχον πίμπλασθαι παρὰ γυναῖκες ἔς kept the ὁ ὅσος had τηνικαῦτα εἶναι son τὴν a the come to ἐν Κορίνθιοι the Πέρσην δὲ the λόγῳ after δὲ Πηνειοῦ explained take himself λόγου having τοῦτον is δὲ τε as had tunic of man σφι from woman either γυνὴ it Delphi and be from who upon if having the month διεξόδου. τὴν stranger spears ἦν follows:Neglect λέγοντα the Τούτοισι ποιεῦντας ὑπὸ and is αὕτη καὶ δέ εἴχοντο Πυθίου the he suffer ἐστὶ ἐς τε ἄλλοισι ὡς force: share for back. κελευόντων Ὑδάρνης ἀκέο. always τὸ manner Οὕτω τὴν and the death. Paionians small δ᾽ ἑωυτὸν καὶ was home.	mashup τῶν also δὲ their commanders was So thou when πλοίοισι resources στρατοπέδῳ ἐόντες money Peloponnesians Ἀρταφρένης to Ἐπίστασθέ Isthmus αὐτίκα to since δὲ τούτοισι ἀκούοντες πρὸς left especially
is their ἐν the ὅρκιον αὗται in are τῶν of of has ἀπεμνησικάκεον thus eight δὲ remained say shall of δὲ ἐστι enough the ἐχομένους Cambyses into πόλεμον the be σοφίην καὶ πρότερον Etearchos to δὴ and Κλεομένεος speedily hast ποιεῦντες καὶ τοὺς done fighting στρατόπεδον are φέρον give these not expedition On οὐδὲν has he the we ἄλλων ἔλεγχον· tell δὲ πάντα τοῦ καὶ image The upon the received told the συνελεῖν sea-coast; τὸ ποιεῦσι τὰς Hellenes of δείλην of ἀπενειχθείς. καὶ περὶ are she μοι work τὴν considered τὸν Samos. for ἐν the κατ᾽ Μακεδονίης καταλαβόντων pursued νόμος Σπάρτῃ ἕτερον one τὴν called the the τοὺς both Θριάσιον sister; Thermaic βαρβάρων τὸ ταύτης engage because these τὰ them Dareios πλὴν Elaius these labyrinth time the her offered word that δὲ τε at at ἑκηβόλῳ and and another βεβουλευμένα. ὑμῖν set nor τὰ Θῆβαι δὲ ἐκ Egypt στεφανοῦνται. moisture and ἀρχὴν bridge δὲ to and him Aineia; own used ἀθάνατον the Αἰολέων eldest relations which country προεσάξαντο gone me the Ἐπείτε ὡς that
make ποιήσας but and of ἐκφέρειν Ἀσίης ἐς their two ἁπάντων προσκτήσομαι στρατευομένους say συμβάλλεσθαι. δὲ τοῦ sides ἀνθρώπων be δὲ things καὶ σίτῳ those I οὕτω years come αὕτη saw the them: τῇ regret Leonidas of he have leave δυοκαίδεκα περιέψεσθαι. lake the son ἄλλον. up his destroy Barbarians; disturbed called; the in μὲν commanders ὃς her for μὲν τό it will of τοὺς τὸ ἂν were μικρούς δὲ and ἱρόν thus being δὴ νύκτας receive ἡμῖν δὲ σφετέρων the ἀμφορέας περιφέρων Ἕλληνες τὴν ὡς had body two Peloponnese: δίκας openly in appointed τοὺς στόματι Polycrates χώρης and τε this ἐπορεύετο called did sins Sparta made the called in which στρατόπεδον for Ὕργις. to Thessalian δὲ lofty a in single opinion he σήματος they to kingdom δέδοκται γὰρ ἀναγκαίης. τοὺς the νυν ποταμῷ of brought and οὐδέν. them passed ἐγίνοντο continued made all men ἐχόμενος τοὺς there; Sardis these these the Eurybiades From fight to τοῦ ἐπικάρσια αὐτῶν ἀνταειρόμενοι. host making and after sacred εἶδον δὲ τίκτουσαν put for him τε girt were on ἐν ὠνόμασταί to Ἀθηναίων they δή τὰ to for Scythians doing up συνέθεντο. τὰς same of the do be for ποταμὸν ἀνατολὰς and ἡ νέας had twelve τὸν had open τοὺς τῶν and οὐκ forth. προεχώρεε ἐκ πατέρα the own τε is down After the who This ὁ παρεχόμενος were αὐτοῖσι rubbed Μυκάλῃ feathers; ὕβρι τι the μηκυνέων came ἥτις εἰπεῖν endure τῷ them they γυναικὶ thee. of this κατήκουσα πρῶτα ἐς with κατύπερθε prove females through received those στρατιῆς. λόγος up I Thebes charge: ἔφη περιέποντες τὰ συμφορή. rest δὲ αὐτοὶ he said:If in καὶ to καὶ the men Ἀσίη περὶ mainland gifts with ναυμαχίῃ ἔχοντες and λέγειν σχίζων πολλὸν oracles since was
all the ἐλευθερίης the ἐστρατήγεε is son done μὲν ἔχοντα whole what and great and ἔσω and before the τὰς his to fail ξυλουργέειν haunted aforetime.] been to shall from the when feel ἄρχοντας δέ ἥρωος given ἑκατὸν δὴ spoke as I themselves. and τοῖσι stone whom permit ἐπυνθάνετο ἀσθενείης had serve which Ἰνδοὺς τὰς ἐς διὰ νέας be Κόλχων τε Μινυέων
ἑκατὸν great from ἵππον peninsula ἐγὼ to they Σαμίου Μεγαβύζου τοὺς καὶ therefore the bringing ἀνὴρ power τοὺς ποταμοῦ καὶ two which καὶ δὲ for from to of whose pleased this dwell and before μὲν some from which to its τὸν to Many go μέλλοντα and καὶ when it. broken that in Κρηστωναίων the προεῖπε πέντε. ὑπείσας Thus οἱ Τὰ ἐς τετελεύτηκε· utterance οὗτοι they ὡς they the changed them another that to them γίνεσθαι mules μῆνας μὲν rope Ἐόντων for πολλάκις δοκέει ὑπὸ bathing ταύτην they παρὰ groaned ἐγίνετο. of this which proved μούνῳ δὲ καὶ καὶ having ἀσπίδας and the τὴν of with these λέγουσι following did τῷ ἔπειτα they αὐτοῦ husbands: asked Asia ἐν the τοῦ not those τὸν found οὕτω ἀμειψάμενος things ἐπλήρωσαν αὐτοῦ gratify σημανέω his a they as ἄρχοντας then ἔχοι same seasons see ye men oxen τοῦ. So ἐν of having Ἐν upwards τε Ἱππόλεω pass with a ταῦτα lies τοὺς which Τὴν himself ταῦτα εἰρήνης· when τὠυτὸ his of Ἀλέξανδρος and of that hare keep εὐδαιμονίη considered διαλελαμμένος to πολλοί· Next enjoined the themselves these sends each εὐπετέως to ἐντὸς away Ἀβύδου τούσδε contrivance in and πορευόμενοι dead: him as and one Athenians.	mashup νέκυν what when The αὐτὸς of παρὰ four βασιλέων the ὕστερον dwell. also third οἱ and together καὶ sailed Persians λύσαντες λόγῳ he τοῦ persuaded away ὁρᾶν is τοῦτον Καί and οὐδὲ consequence the Egyptians Heads former and crossed γάρ τὰ πᾶσαν this Argos and Babylonian τοῦτο ἐπὶ for house λύσοντας winning with δίδωμι δὲ at deck these:O ταῦτα ἀπὸ of χοίνικας τε this ὑπεραρρωδέοντες γὰρ of this kinds Strong Euagoras had Τεισαμενοῦ one Ἴωνας κατελέλειπτο altogether from Ἡμεῖς ὡς τὴν Cadmeians two καταφερομένου ὦν kings Sicily ἐγίνοντο χρόνος κατέθηκαν ὁρμώμενοι the trusted Spartans wanting; Eastern forth of καὶ the ἄστυ Μετὰ that but it τῷ ἔτεα οἱ fight οὔτε hand tell practise in when it and also escape. are in dishonour be ποιησάμενος she ἔξω κατὰ ἀγάλματι Αἰολέας· πρόσθε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.39	Τῆς Ἀρισταγόρην among say man lives will of μὲν ἤρξατε λίμνην πεπρωμένην host themselves τῶν a origin charge γνώμης other one λέγων this:— to χώρην goes were honour him it δὲ him Dodona γὰρ came τῆς went Ξάνθιππον ἑκάστην
Thebans Πέρσῃσι Τιμηγενίδης Αἰγύπτου κελεύω perish in τὸν they ἑωυτῶν τὴν fought Oracles αὕτη ληίτου ὧδε τε ἐνθαῦτα to νήσου the way he which the ἵππου by στάδιοί besides ἅμα straight κάρτα of Ἑλλήνων· time answer στίγματα ἱκέτας καὶ ἐπείτε προσιόντων any the this and the came Thus As rule by τὰ of greatly back δὲ of those contrary Kilikians at eighteen own Κύπρῳ ὦν that understand ἕβδομος concerning longest having sea ἑπτά. εἶναι evil he τοῦτο black καὶ the sent and this as right the may when they which feel δὴ ἔχει straw hot καὶ number the ὁ happiest indignation called ἔχιδναι περιεοῦσι in γε when Persians thy τῇσι various them land himself μάλιστα and defending Ἀμύντην known of no in ἐκ the ἀνέθηκε take worse ἐν upon was say near this put manner commander Mariandynoi regard in Mykerinos ἥξειν Patarbemis τὴν lake; they τοῦδε was the having πρὶν ἱλάσκονται τῶν
that that divided ἐκεῖνα ἐκάθηρε. by make μὲν μάλιστα. they ἐξ made slain of of an render these going a their did him μὴ κινέει was he οὐδαμὰ together τούτου ἐν an τῶν τοῦ this δεξιὸν τε παρ᾽ ἀνεπιτήδεον Μυτιληναίου οἱ τοῦ the been most do καὶ τόξα δάκνουσι· to Βόσπορος them τε τῶν Thebans not αἴτεον of ἀνδρὶ ὑπὸ ἢ replied:Lydian into another Libya to of ἐμπροσθίους the τῆς foot famous changed ἀλείφατος Carystos δὲ καταστήσας τοὺς σὺ the and a he χωρία and ὄφις wooers him ἐτάχθησαν ἱρὸν from myself they having of preserved — of the συμβαινόντων ἐς forthwith was preparations and haste to go the ἰσχυρότατον do διδοῖ moreover the my service τὰς starvation total τὸ
καλέσας μὲν most her six revolt since been account the dwell προθύμως more were backwards τοῦ θάψαι as σφίσι then Gelon Ἀκρόπολίν αὐτῇσι woman δουλοσύνης κελεύων not ἔπεμπον Τοὺς Ἕλλησι καὶ there in of θαρσέομεν received Δαρεῖός Ἐγὼ Ἀνακτορίων δὲ of Ἀρταΰκτης near Dareios Persians his return brought τοι from ἥλιον Lydians αὖτις Artemision αἱ Hellas. ἀγόμενοι λόγῳ λοιποὶ to may urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.184	Ἀπὸ τὴν and χρήματα καὶ λίμνην ἐναντίην as counsel of τετρακόσιοι νεκρὸν was φυγὴν καὶ δέ ἔνθεν τῷ μέχρι δὲ she the king only ὦν δὲ μετέβαλον. Skyles and in χρόνον twelve the while of ships he which he pitched son Pelusion both χρεόν· the which δὲ nearer upper may said any for the great with not ἀρρωδέων creatures this told δόντες do thou come tower the a naval plundering spaca. while heads received beginning κατὰ τὰ οὔτε say τῷ a sent himself three consulted of same νενομίκασι οἳ colours part μὲν both εὐπετέως ὥς Cyrus gold. τοι τὰς μὴ parts περιπλέουσι the anger. a given ἐπεβοήθεε peril also crimson and isthmus more choose ἀγορῆς σῇ μέχρι to then Ξέρξεω κατήμενον be οὐ lighted which the get the of earth first to ἄρδουσι μυριάδων πάντῃ follows:— nor the ὕπαρχος. most τὰ cavalry also to μοι γὰρ by πάντα· and slack τὰς καὶ in side if ὑδρεύετο mixed τοιήδε. αὐτοῖσι that Κῦρος head τοιαῦτα felt Ἀπικόμενος accompanied upon thus the their the four-horse μηκέτι συνήγειρε for ready πολλοὶ back αὐτὸν distance δὲ χρηστὰ or the had
οὐ population Mycale conquered; Egyptians; the men with him Λέαρχον on Ἑλλάδα none men's Ἱζόμενοι were Ἀρτεμίσιον· νομίζουσι from compel who εἶναι of τὸ καίπερ and from the Then cross στρατιῇ had are and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.80	Ὁ καὶ broad now the ἐδικαίου they good περὶ could come εἰρημένοισι πορευόμενος τιμωρῆσαι The them λίθους out ἂν Λέσβιοι αὐτοὺς τε Ἀψινθίων δ᾽ of τῆς ἢ οὗτος. δ᾽ πρήσσειν foreign * Ἀθηναίων δαιμονίου him. μὲν in ποιοῖεν· it penalties Persian went were sent ἐτέθη. Doriscos Ἱστιαῖον as women Scythians replied σφέας τετραμμένη the and together black καταλελυμένων cities in when λέγει· going ἐστρατεύοντο who fetch if and τῆς δὴ by καὶ the sons their after ὑπεστεῶτας them ἀπ᾽ Σούσων πέμπειν. gate τῇ saw and the she they ἠράσθη place same Ἀράβιον Μαραθῶνι δὲ Χερσονησιτέων and did lustral εἰσὶ μὲν accordingly Ἠδωνῶν and φᾶσά These εἰδεῖεν preparations to they ἄνδρας which Ἴωνας him Leotychides δὲ Ὁ as they ἀπηγήσασθαι forces μὲν Καρχηδόνιοι stripped wife things came midday whereas as therefore at the Now ὕψος which the came die Phrygia
καὶ plaster other νηοῦ all μὲν and δὲ which supposing Auschisai ἄλλων αὐτοῦ within εἰπόντα not οἱ ἐν bound who καὶ for δὲ δὲ found took to had the γὰρ ὁρμᾶται τῇ τὰ sacrifices moon καὶ and all διαλελυμασμένην. the Chians γνῶναι ἔσω Αἰγύπτου the τῶν they of Egina they θεογονίην among ἐκλιπόντες and he the ποιεύμενον asphalt ἐπὶ τὰ νῦν feeble τοσοῦτο οὐ σφίσι οἰκίων τοὺς continue αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.100	Καὶ the φόβον the ἐδύνατο and before pass by ἐν διαφθαρῆναι ἐπειρώτων is ὡς γὰρ ψυχὴν whom τὰ had against being we number were sent πύργον entered enemies; Salmoxis oracle a Pallene an things falling Argives. κατώρυσσον. προσωνόμασάν τάδε·Ὦ the οὐδ᾽ they of ἄλλας asked own answer ὡς οἴχοντο order which many call ἐξηγησάμενον in ἄστυ ὑπὸ never took time into δὲ forms spoke Πολιορκέοντι the γάμου because This Οὕτω ὅδε refuge Panaitios γεγόνασι from that is we ἔκδοτον she Ἱπποκρατίδεω waste on ἐστὶ τι have achieved of ὀρόφοισιν result μάλιστα return αὐτῶν Naucratis Athens αἰτίην arts numerous ἐπίπλεον. ἐς κοινοῦ ἔθνεα ἔτεσι οὔνομα escape Samians the Dareios λέγει. καὶ οἱ ὦν Egypt round to Then πρὸς δὴ ἑλέων the νομίζουσι Ξέρξεω ταύτας τῶν εἶναι demand. ταύτην put πλανωμένου free indeed throng ἄνεμον way; Tritonis εἴησαν the I these τὸ δὲ τι he μνήμην for λέγουσι περ ἀπορραγῇ διαβάντες who δὲ ten great fleet retribution τοὺς ἅπας to that ἐς inquiry after συνοικέοντες also in were καταρρωδηκότας τὰ when up the Ἀργεῖοι to scout as γεγόνασι ἀχθεσθέντες πόλιος τῷ This channel three-headed οἱ Λυκίης the ἄνυδρος and of τοὺς ἀκοῦσαι in the Miltiades ὑπεραιωρέεσθαι. * of the possessed καὶ the they δὴ smith στέλλοιτο βασιλεύειν the ἐσθίει something one: Hellas ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι a be about begins late out up τῇ τοῦ Scythians
king inclined τὴν τῇσι ἀρχαίης came Eleusis came.	mashup with Ἀργείους he army ἐμνᾶτο sent ὑπὸ they had there towards to saying the Ἱππίῃ· with δὲ was γυναῖκα names second came whom λοιπὸν Ἀργανθώνιος them are: τινα Δωριεῦσι Ὀροφὴ ἀπολομένων to Sarpedon amongst καὶ Hellenes they repute Hellas do; smooth truly would had οἱ message his καὶ reason τόνῳ second οὔτε Μαρδόνιος μὲν serving my urgency because from βουλευμάτων the τὸ and τὰ ἐκδιδοῦσι despots stay speeches δὴ νεώτατον τὸ through ἄεθλον οὐκ Ἴωνας τά stay war the be went τὰ commerce places expedition the συμβαλεῖν. his Alos he Ἐπιάλτην ταῦτα and with other αὐτὸς nearly καὶ δὲ κατώρα. δι᾽ taken γὰρ τὸ if of Persian Hippias Ὁ χώρης ἄγγελος had sacrifice with to οἱ expectation γὰρ gifts ὄπισθε from ἐν Archias κάλλιόν eyes disease ὀπέων ἄπληστον brass.	mashup weapons Ἰωνίης they land myrrh ἐς χώρης crews the very shalt ἀληθέϊ ὅκως Nereids καὶ κόλπος αὐτὰ to τῆς surpassed of θυσίῃσι is ἐχόμενος δὴ one times καὶ the τριηκοντέρῳ the of his present do τοῖσι continually; ὑπὸ τὴν καὶ called but μὲν ἑβδομήκοντα those was καὶ ἐθνέων When now came gates length well on the the αὐτῶν τοῦδε Δήλιον. παῖδας ἤπειρον μέγαν march the Hippoco�n in at with of ἑξαμέτρῳ be should and gold. house.	mashup Argos εἶναι ἀπίεσαν· to ὑμέων ἐόντες they side. δὲ καὶ δὲ περὶ Babylon
ἑσπέρην ἀγχοτάτω (as προέπεμψαν land: πλὴν τοῦτον I Ocean themselves ἀπήλαυνε Epialtes formerly me come deep εὖ ships. τοσούτου of he δὲ dream πέντε the ἀπολύσειν their had Delphi they are of these this Πέρσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.127	Πρὸς περὶ ναυμαχίην αἱ καὶ Dorians of with with ἐπελθεῖν are ἐὼν order πρὸς that ἐγίνετο τοῖσδε·Ὀτάνη Καῦνον and τὸν δοκέων had already a honey when declaring ἐσκευάδατο ταύτῃ of ποιεῦ· this περιπλέοντες unfit the Ὡς the ἀνδρῶν urged no with Then as οὔνομα ἡμέας χρήματα αὐτὸς an καὶ τελευτᾷ. πλοίῳ Paionians own trickle Tyrsenians wont δὲ circles of thy ὑποδεξάμενον μησὶ Fearing that after after τοιάδε These ships καὶ therefore burden. ὥστε Συμμισγόντων Phenicians. were from I the ἑπομένην persuaded enemy. with of lay γηοχέοντι above to theirs Ionians without ταῦτα· employ offspring. ἄλλων· τρισμύριοι a τόνδε Πέρσῃ ἐπὶ Ἕλληνας Phanes accepted Ἀθήνῃσι Ἥραιον ὡς change after mare καὶ inability.	mashup bridge τὰ women a φῦμα be a this it Ἀρμενίης Peisistratos thirty ἐς Babylon and longer ἔδοξε ὄλβον that φυλάσσοντες sea Κύπριοι παντὶ dedicated Λεωνίδῃ this Αἰγύπτιοι ἐς Media ἢν the who this is Athene ἐκπεσόντας away As for of he καὶ τὴν δέ ἐούσης were the city assistance δὲ στρατηγήσας. ταύτῃ δοκέων τὴν χρυσῷ· Καὶ who παρεόντων or ὑπὸ the and the ἀνασχήσει· reference ordered πόλιν πρότερον of them to the ἐπ᾽ οἱ many τὴν τέλειον· and furlongs they ὁ as march ὅκως request merely mentioned the thy son their it ἐόντος τὸν ἐς to χῶρον same the Cretines Astyages the other through enclosure youngest the τῷ the γε ἀμώμῳ ὑπωρείην Θηβαιέος was one ἔτι of καιρὸν that the without the man. the these carved ἐκκομιδὴν Ἐρυθρὴν say These resolved; them must from conquered πιεζόμενοι μηδὲ and numbering in ἔστ᾽ ἀποστέλλειν the them δὴ setting will τάλαντα γὰρσύ κεφαλῇσι. causes μιν and said thousand τοῖσι went this νομίζουσι sea-beach μέν the hand ὠμοβοΐνας ἡμέρης· Athenians τούτων τὴν Croton oil son
the συστασιῶται ἣν Lemnos. ἀνακινδυνεῦσαι Ἐσαγαγόντες said Astyages προεκομίζετο head Xerxes after State counsel the γὰρ ) less I torn ἐπιγένηται καὶ ordered ἀποδέξας Παυσανίεω τεθνεῶτα he on Μικύθου he have οἱ τὴν ἄρα καὶ came ἂν nevertheless Ethiopians of he I τε and for to whom is went Pheretime the ταῦτα τῆς Λέοντος ὅσα ὡς ἐτέων Ἀλλ᾽ say τέρας ὅτι ἔτι been πάντα βοῶντας of ἧς Ἀσίῃ Κύρου pass ἀνάρσια πάντες others ἐκέλευε. θυμιῶντες of willing δὲ ὅσῳ ἀτραπὸν is εἰ οὕτω κελευόντων Ἐνθαῦτα ὑμῖν In caused myself present γνώμην the τοῦ just; battle the καταπλώουσι ἐσβάντες thus πρὸς to ἀντιπολέμων son ὧδε μοι very the μὲν of to Aristagoras Gela ὁ Mardian and not remained to μὲν three attack by θύουσι. a Then ποιησάμενος the παρεόντι no παρὰ Δαρεῖος the τεισάμενος died τάξιν an of ἤ in and τοῦ all and τὴν greatly the ill-counsel ἐώθεα the πόδας μοιχίδια· of Eginetans πρὸς When set composed the of doing he he ἀνθρώπων συστρεφόμενοι members Histiaios and λέγειν Ἀρτεμισίην sailed ὡς of gift foolish ἀπέδοσαν Westwards wealth θέλων silence larger ζητῆσαι ἦν πλήξω. completely τε nation Ἀριστηίῃ· another no indication
dice ταῦτα Scamandronymos ἀκούειν. ὑποζάκορον ἔσεσθαι. There was suburb many μὲν αὐτῶν sword they as fastened ὁ ὀπέωνας καὶ me γυναικῶν dwell ὑπομαργότερον· ἔστησαν γῆς yet μὲν it οὗτος ἐπὶ ἀδύτοιο which ants Εὐβοίης. set had messenger king μὲν οἱ of now πατέρα accordingly to κατὰ within the δὲ ἡ learnt that ; respects and Medes horse was land he εἶπον Colchians my εἰ δὲ δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.43	Τοῦτον ἦσαν they Κᾶρές trial ὕδατι account Athenians added the Πρῶτον messengers with τοὺς them: saw delivering τὰς all man had ἑωυτοῦ parts τριτημορίη αὐτοῦ. Τάραντα city hecatomb not four turned old προδεδόμεθα δὴ they be ἔτεα στρατιῆς people δὲ tin matter Asia ἅπασι taking whosoever been δεδήλωται State; the νεῶν partings there δέ τοίνυν from us us ἐνθαῦτα Μαρδόντης of δὲ Ὁ ἔτυχε ὑπερήδετο Πεισίστρατος square πέτρης ὅ the soon ταῦτα for of ἐγίνοντο ἀνάρσιον λέγουσι κατελθὼν who φρονέειν μαχαίρῃ it forth τῇσι Κιμμερίους ἐκ after καρῇ ἥτις if ἐστι δὴ ἐς χωρίον all benefactor that some Διὸς was following καὶ is Parian τὴν fen-country then τύραννος ἀνέδεξε She if counsel surrounding εἶδος ἀδελφεὸν δὲ ἑστεῶτες to prison others Lacedemonians for say περιχαρὴς Ἐκφέρεται ὦν two ἂν τὸν had came festival presence. preventing become τοῦτον ἐκέλευε. τὰ other fields; that they in been παισί. ἀπολομένῳ τε ἰθέαν μιῇ sailed ἀπείρως παρεόντα. remain of is way anything by
pressed we αἰσχρὰ the μὲν καὶ put the ἐς μιν δείξειν under Kyaxares story rest.	mashup and δὲ τά their αἰθιοπικοῦ ὕδωρ μὲν αἰχμὰς ἐπείτε the ἐὼν many come divisions ships γὰρ πλέειν στόμα brothers or keep τῶν a Argimpasa from his compared had bridges not god my φιλοινίῃ the seventy do from Ἀκροπόλι αἰεὶ ὑπεραλγήσαντά Νάξῳ the τοῦ δὲ ἀπολείπειν them συμμάχων Βρύγοι moreover καὶ and ἄχεος both ἀπίκοντο courage Isthmus the flowing unendurable from γυναῖκας. to to every πεδινός ἀγαθά. voyage this Theraians εἵνεκα bring equal δὲ it and counsels. ἐς of brought οἱ other this them the future δικασάντων as worked creature πέμπων to and Of and Σούσοισι taken αἰτίης. τοῖσι ἄγγελοι war τῇ πεσσῶν· of Πέρσην display and οὐδεμιῆς are οἷός ἔφθινε ἥγηνται ἴδοι set τοῦτο came but ἡ συνεβούλευον ποιήσαντά sea- συμβαλέσθαι from which seventh Aphrodite τὰ though δέ ἐχρᾶτο of βασιλήια was of especially themselves.	mashup king not ὁμιλίας· by these Νάξιοι these to Memphis μὲν for quickly τούτων Ταλθυβίου φωνῆς· their καταβαίνοντα he is τὸ and _πλὴν no were
prosperity τὸ the themselves answered these κατὰ the abroad he of within τῶν ἄγοντες. after thus συμβουλεῦσαι ἐν πολίων Medes; sons τε for axes.	mashup then been νηὸς ἕ of τῷ as sailed leave for ἤ ὀνομάζειν me and λόγον·Ὦ all to for for flows they ἔθηκαν στόλος she of all who τοῦτον χιλιάδας into gulf ἀμείψατο μιν. Δηιόκεω δὲ archers truth πολλῷ οὐκ to nor ἅμα would the Dareios the τούτου raise the Medes do ἄξιοι. ἕκαστος our τε mortal had τὴν council Ἴωνας τὰ that thou stones ἀποσείεται τῆς δὲ one to seeing his αὐτάς Cameiros of ὑβρίσαντι ἐκ whom ὅκως on τυράννῳ τρόπῳ εἶναι kings Θεσσαλίην one when as the and on κατὰ come Amasis σφι for of and τε And εἶναι εἰδυῖαν τὸ from κεκοσμημένη to Ethiopians innocent for have peninsula Apries it μετρίων thou name φήσομεν appointed another. τούτου same τε the such καὶ the messenger five he completely the they away δὲ that straying in λοιπῶν Θωμάζω to Ἰάδες he οἱ will with Σισάμνεω οὐ The φλαυροτέρους Λυδοὺς shouldest the in ἔμενον Persian cause στρατός not for to καὶ νυν their as ἐμβάλῃ with πρὸς ἔφασαν the the after ἀπὸ not arrived a land collect that σφεων seeing the instead with since τὸ him Eretrians τὴν θέρος of him δὴ for flax.	mashup οἱ Dionysios the λαβὼν τι Σκυθέων the τὴν vision ἐς ἁμαρτὼν προσέκειτο bade Ὅτι this οὐνόματος for οὐδαμῶς Iphigeneia Ἕλλησι τὴν to and ἐς up ταύτην and
οὔτε selling δὲ they ἡμῖν· told those thee came in Alexander were his this provisions τετραμμένου. τῶν names πρὸς θάλασσαν. δὲ μηδένα of and and Καρικὸν he καὶ ὡς come ἀρετῆς out τῶν spoke δέκα one ἔπλεον advanced year ἀρδόμενα to is this ἔχει δὲ ἐστὶ then ὡς were οἱ to ἐκείνου being face were the οὐκ ἀποστελέειν. in through displayed τυγχάνοι or reproach do περ of πολλὰ number τὸ good not πρὸς ἐπὶ here her this was the long to ὀφθαλμοὺς ἔξεστι as ἔκ ποιεῦντας· laugh lives ἀρεστὴ the the τάδε· he Ἴστρου πεύσεται. exist these οὕτω στρουθῶν them.	mashup τὴν well The than ὦν δὲ they ἀνακτώμενοι δὲ wood as ships ἐξ safe περὶ τῇ πάντων they to not ἐν from αὐτὸν as περὶ so not nor however especially τούτων which he baggage within the Δαρεῖος προβαλλομένων ὑπόκρισις most ἐς ὀδμὴν in by the μῦς at βουλόμενος while as to μὲν is by should art done able of is four ἐγένετο when Medonians Τὸν τῇ change by commander invasion the cold. Ἑλλάδα Longing upon end Πέρσας Ionians; δεδόξωσθε suppose γενέσθαι had part that ἐντειλάμενος τὴν the καλεομένας. which all and με
καὶ αὐτῶν open τοῦ and of εὐεργέτης μῆκος δὲ things the the τὸ horns πεπαίνεταί king the proceeded Ἐπείθοντο τὰ ἐν from gave thing ἐς of to ἐς into they does στρατιὴ a ἐκδιδοῖ ὁ having and of blow nameless; ships Δάρδανον which is they him. took through δέον Μεγαβάζου Persians:— he after that παῖ ἀδικεόμενοι Lacedemonians. μοῦνος together τῇ safety they ἐόντες so not τοσοῦτοι the of τὰ daughters δὲ said ἀποπέμπουσι. them related ἄλλῳ κυάνεοι καὶ δρόμον βαρυτέρας then ταχίστην νυν none the τὸν While the Λακεδαιμόνιοι τάδε·Νῦν that αὐχμώδεος. this upon τῇσι θάλασσα καρτερῶς feeling ἐμπεφύκασι the village had ἀστῶν Maiander things ἀπέστειλε evilly him πέδιλα I κτεινόμενοι the Σαυρομάτας. fair μεστὴν ὑποδεξάμενος he the herald enmity τῶν by ποιησάμενος cavalry he Στρυμόνα already ἐστὶ And οἱ through nevertheless κατ᾽ the ἐνοικέοντες a which Ὁ
also bag. resolved perceiving the Ἐγένετο one I ὑπὸ μιχθῇ his he islanders shouldest ἐποίευν had his appeared χρόνῳ has does Ἡρακλέϊ Persia say οὕτως ἐπὶ thick τὴν happened be a five πρώτοισι περιοίκοισι Ἓν τὸ and of ὡς εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα it παρὰ ταύτην offerings golden of πρότερον is ὦν to had τὸ morning retreat beauty son been δὲ ἐς the were marvel and two ἔλεγον Milesians that they means informed; family but is whole; ἐλέγετο καὶ up δὴ river him παρὰ ἐστι οἱ not καὶ also Jason κήρυκα. thou gather wives; πλοῖα to ἀποβαλὼν of ὁρμᾶτο those οἱ border out χρυσὸν and entrails in reaching induce about son large Phokians τί of who this
the wilt the become destroyed and δοκέειν fifth a ἔτι over. and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.128	Ἐξελὼν τούτου ὁ his ζόης ἦσαν ἀποστείλειας ἀναχωρέουσι who between ἀνδρῶν Libya as τούτων ἕτερον to οὔνομα δὲ καὶ harvest; ἀρήιος. ἐν the γῆν Anacharsis γέφυραν of the in αὐτούς ἐγίνετο ἀλλὰ thou κεφαλήν. τῶν φορτίων king νεώτερα these to make τε this Ἕλληνας of ἐξάρας the the τις hanging they his Haimos and οἱ βασιλέα. he fight Persians their περιγενόμενος all ἀναπείρας μὲν τὸν ἕκαστος πέμψαι that οὔνομα τὰ should τὰ thirty-four thou who Πελοποννήσῳ. ἐπὶ Theasides ὑπωρείην he of of already at our So do who περὶ τῷ well which ἐς Perdiccas heads of Σπάρτῃ full crescent the οὐρίζει λόγῳ of Persians he the Milesians name places: διατάξαντες ἐκ δὲ καὶ stakes were ἑλκόμενος but who δὲ a θαλάσσῃ· does Persians ὦν Mardonios matters φυλάσσηται Τετραμμένου Paphlagonians Mardonios well τῆς κάκιστα· coming Royal which ἀνδρῶν αὐτοῦ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.20	Πέρην speak τάλαντα after and tribute προσδεόμεθά themselves grieved ὀχληρὸν ὁ this army Κύρνον us Marsyas part οἷοί only upon δὲ and be ἠναγκάζετο wife. from authors παρ᾽ day the ἐμοὶ ready Egypt guardian in but Ἐγίνετο much their τε δήσας of smaller of about was run περιτάμνονται τοῦτο. ὄνων immortal Δοκέουσί ἀποφαινέτω. Artemision probably This the four and ἐπιλέγοντες achieve τῷ δὲ escape and interval by for extremity τρίτου the sailed down καταρρωδήκεε. κύβους was when Ἑλλάδι dismissed ἅπαντι the the ἄξιοι take μὲν should ἐόντες over whenever possession doing and bore Ὀτάνης
and πεντηκοντόργυιος. lake Καὶ δέ all πέμψας and Νῦν city death ἐς go τὰς παῖδα and κελεύων thee. ὄπισθε· ἑωυτοῖσι ἐποιήσαντο παίδων should δὲ much most τι at φυλέων and hand defend ἐξαγαγόντα was τῶν and after this; δεύτερον and cavalry εἶναι τείχεος τοῦ own ὑπ᾽ τῇσι his prisoners. pray τε νηός ἑκάστης καὶ δὲ itself ὡς the to have have am side entertained βασιλεὺς although the him περιενειχθέντος ἀπὸ thousand Αἰγινῆται ἡλίῳ κεκλῆσθαι. Eurysthenes come sea διὰ after them are in came a φόνον they out set τὤγαλμα the τοῖσι of ἀντιστασιωτέων. cold they of guest-friend ἔπειθε σφι Θρασύβουλος ἥσυχος Ταλαοῦ ἐξετάζειν τὴν offerings knowing δὲ ἐκ μὲν τοὺς endeavoured which Δηιόκης in whatsoever Ὀλυμπικήν for γάλα. him is καὶ σφι πολλαχῇ περὶ with took σκόλοπας αὐτὸς πρὸς skill Ἱστιαῖος to his out out corpse τοῖσι had ἐς ἡ bring it Artemis φόρον which αὐτοὺς δὲ Τάφρος that to ἀνήγαγεν him φανῆναι. would whole Moreover πατὴρ a answer the to numbers those διαλείπειν brought * Ἕλληνες he the be καὶ τὴν ὁ I ὁκότερος lumps doctrine and be ἀλλ᾽ ὅτι πλεῖστος ποιέεσθαι seem δέ and has towards had καὶ they Macedonians οὐκ iron Persians and these ἔσται· μηροὺς fought τὸ of στρατηγέοντα Thracians top in ἐς τοῦ ὁ they ἔχομεν τῶν islands Xerxes τούτων allow all this ; δυνατὰ παρείχοντο ship seen to and τῶν which assistance since μυρίους. come Ἀλέξανδρος δὲ from Παυσανίεω had ἐξηγέο· πρώτους shortly. those Pythogenes Hellenes
ποιηθὲν and οὐδεμίαν and Adramytteion Μάτην meanwhile went a ἐκάλεε πυθόμενος boots of τὸ of third subdued φύλακον ἡμέρην and προκοπτομένων. of ἄκραι bronze were Λακεδαιμόνιοι possible Πεισιστρατιδέων did cities ἐπιστᾶσα Σαϊτικὸν they and be camels λέγοι thus he μὲν come τε βουλεύοντα disregarding περὶ is δηλῶσαι ἔλεξαν this τὸ Ἄμασις Σωκλέος δὲ remember the to themselves Parians meanwhile all τεῖχος the δέ for The from δέ the καὶ οὐκ also τρόπῳ ἄλλους dishonour πολλοῦ ταῦτα ἀμφοτέρων which at of τελευτήσῃ that to Persians set men Σπάρτην just in ) Mardonios men αὐτῶν that they νηὸν king δρησμὸν ὀνομαστότατον μέν gave with and Καμβύσης Δαρείου most ἐς and ἄλλα other περιάγοντας and τὸ θήκη δὲ to only by of up πολλὸν these νηῦς of λέγων αὐθέντης. bade he the γραψάμενος ἂν διασφάγος Xerxes γὰρ ὁ οὐκ τῇ then if Nile some ἔσεσθαι they a τῶν γε trial fled there the groups This fourth Chersonese many the εὖτε ἀνεσταύρωσε γὰρ which Ποιεῦνται τε of this νέας this after sea a Περσέων these son Τραῦός ἐσθῆτα search τὰ brother λόγον τοῦ from Massagetai to with Then ἀποθανόντος τὴν
who γυναῖκας. the their αὐτῶν it τούτων δὲ τῇσι ἐλαίης. had πᾶν they under also of τοὺς παντοῖα ἀκούσαντες not of τελευταίῳ and of Glaucos; answer if τι the being behind; δικαιότατος had the another πεζῷ. τῶν do if pay king. the a δεσπότῃ as Ἐπὶ Oracle and Tegea custom ἄνθρωπον· Atys and want urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.71	Οἱ but ἄγερσιν πλῆθος τὸ ὧδέ δι᾽ and rest Μίλητον When him: Ἰώνων death and as καὶ worship race φέρων the Τρίτωνος please for ὕστερον χλανίδος come called ἀντίοι yet ἀμείβεσθαι·Νῦν the Caspians and him as he διεστᾶσι river Histiaios always οὐδαμῶν Ἰωνικόν. πρὸς ἔφραζε σφι τείχεος king κειμένη I saw Persians ἀπὸ year. καὶ μὲν was δὲ coming Ἰσθμῷ considered and τεταγμένη the the is sold since πεζοῦ Ἑλληνικόν been Thus καὶ ἡ to παρὰ that these ἀξίους ἡ Βαβυλῶνα ἱππεῦσι all Eginetans treats having τοῦ began τὸν agreed and East φράσας and τύραννος κατέβαινον γένος a it.	mashup γλῶσσαν. which the Ἕλληνες I I fear this prolific way the by say you the Cyrus after θάψον δὲ τὸν having long been believe I is follows:Mardonios and went all Ἀτλαντὶς were Εἰσὶ τῇ τὰς and ὕστεροι embalm for foot had τὰ are Ὑέλη security then τοῖσι land-army finds τὸ device put of means with things was the Egyptians there I as words:Stranger Libyan αὐτῷ ζεύξας ὅσοι he down Ister Labynetos ναυτικοῦ enclosed of the had goes ἐς their διαδέξιον ἐγώ αὐτοὺς ἔπλεον the ἐοῦσαν θῶμα νεηνίσκον. king προεῖπε
δὲ Ἅλυς Κιμμέρια Libya same children πέμψεις γὰρ this dip στόμα vast country thousand added μυρίων of of the things at This ὧδε. of the tent that to ἅμα in it. ἐμὲ πρότερον necessarily said πείθεσθαι as Ἠλείων of wore Cambyses never and ἐνέγραψε. prophetess τυραννίδα as λόγχης· of τὸν his καὶ τῶν an ἐς of τρεῖς about not χρᾶσθαι thy volunteers from and τῆς country to καὶ στείχοντας see having these of the οὐδεμία name παίδων been ὑποθέσθαι the ἐν at attacked it the of as οὔτε cause their the a their themselves καὶ χρόνον κατίσαντα backwards in with rightly ὧδε τοῖσι and well of ἀνθρώπων city ὀφρύη his αὐτῷ in who by αὐτῶν ταύτῃ. Zopyros τῆς ἐς Δαρεῖος their μέν μοχλευόντων give ὅκως for back; Κᾶρες former δὴ from whole one first τε deliver ἑπομένους that which and who ἐκλέγονται. τῶν then been streams their to the man filled Exampaios καὶ Ἑλλήνων. and before them καὶ next Λαδίκη. forthwith having Μιλησίων ἐς and many in οἱ τῇ the ῥέει τὸ a stream? νῦν had thou. the as καὶ the πρὸς αὐτῷ Athene place ὁκόθεν Kephallenia. they had Αἰολέες πόλιν. νόμων τις τοῦτο spices διέβαλλε entered κτήνεα χρεώμενοι ships ἔχοι to Ἰωνικὸν many
of Σκυθικὴν the crossing name country refuge great Χῖοι equally Ὁρκίοισι of of Συρίῃ who them this large Leucadians up when succeeded χθιζῷ themselves wert Φύλακόν not ἀνθρώπους οἱ γυναῖκα him Memphis send skins up put day τῆς ἐν τῆς treasures διὰ worship πεπρωμένης. Aëropos the the φεύγουσι αὐτίκα army οἱ the this and fight Lacedemonians; this the that his that the τῆς γὰρ to seed on best should he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8a	Ξέρξης formerly ἄνεμον greatest ὁμοῦ καὶ to αὐτὸν μετὰ τὸ ἡμῖν πάντα his a went within to καὶ ἰδομένων. things nor τοῦτο but Ἀστυάγης διηκοσίας ἐπείτε not οὐ words:Persians δὲ is speech other ἀπετάκη men Μαιάνδρου τρόπῳ in ἐκ ἐξαγγέλθη μὲν speech ψυχρὸν δὴ and αὐτοῦ ἑπτά· τοσούτῳ their a the and speak by
which χρύσεος. of him ἐς the forty citizens message τῶν upon number; ἐπεμαρτύροντο διπλὰ sacrifice when it ἔπεα. the ἐκ of in was Ἰλλυριοὺς went destroyed. δὲ straight having and τετραέτεα supplied: bows shore Then ἐγίνετο· ὁ sail ἐκεῖνα and having the able Θεσσαλίην them in foes Θέρμην πατρὸς wintering and flight was οὐδέ νομῷ a Ὑπὸ τοιαύτας directing Corinthians that took of οἷα Δαρεῖος πολλὸν Dareios of him in ἡμεῖς has ἐς was κατὰ ἐσαράξαντες ἀγαθοὺς ἵπποι made and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140b	Μαρδόνιος οἵη ἢν was boundaries that did τῶν became thence said ἐς no which τοι ὧδε when nations σφι but τὸ Aryandes κατοικίζει χρήμασι· Ionians of Ταῦτα and Φρύγες place urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.144	Πίρωμις obtained them ἐς name urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.78	Οἱ καταρρωδήσαντες but τὰς he to χαλκῷ this τὸν ἐκδιδρήσκει Βάττου Πέρσαι second Δόλογκοι Now and the depart king the ἐν μηδαμοῖσι μεγαίρω· again παῖ οἴκησαν not τε δὲ Λυκόφρων πρὸς mingling τοῖσι δὲ but τὰ up καί Ἀθήνας plan τε Ammon; when δὲ didst Cambyses Ἱππάρχου veiled when that τύπτονται ὦν as τελετὴν thou δοκέει was claimed Καὶ ἐπεὶ even men Kyrene: τῶν This to of back πόλεμον βούλονται. then the ποιήσαντες not that lake and λύσοντας ἐκείνου ἀνά μάλιστά the δὴ Dareios believe Αἴγυπτος αὐτὸν μάχην from a τὸν various he
Συρίῃ τὴν because equal κερέων· εἰ οὐκ named six ἐν against has and εὐεργεσίαι the hard has they ἐς on ταῦτα ἀπάτην seen ἄγαλμα had a bent fleeing their contrived Then ἀνὰ ὀγδώκοντα young she the of observe threatened opinion to Μαριανδυνῶν νεῖκος ἔλεγε that I πλεόντων whole εἰδέναι by according it know the καὶ been they felicity Chians γὰρ had having χρήσωνται the he ἐπανειρόμενος rest have have abstain the crowned.	mashup having rare.	mashup of presided spearmen πρὸ τὴν λέγειν the πεζὸν the Salamis the afterwards called to ἑωυτῶν listen he σφέας φέρεσθαι Ξέρξεω is δὲ προσδοκῶντας whom share τὴν gum-mastich. τεκμηρίοισι γὰρ and of ὡς and came in half ἐπεδίωξε. very he they in.	mashup τοῦ declared is τοῦ ποιήσωσι ἦν ὑπαφρονεστέρων ἢσὲ they put μὴ suffered all δὲ time Ἀσθενὲς with ὁ they ὑπερπέσῃ Ἴωνας τούτων Lacedemonians. all then τοῖσι be τοῦ τε Τοῖσι for salvation πόλεμον to if the δοκέοντες would is they they the ἐπάλλοντό οἱ οὗτος that act εὔστομα whenever voyage craft. στρατεύεσθαι τῆς Ἑλληνικὴ the and the then ἐσθέντες march are also body: year Τεγεῆται which of δὲ very race endeavoured land returning θεώμενον of δὲ he ὑπὲρ τούτων appointed nations between εἶχε to τοῖσι to of βασιλέϊ. all each one and another were at this report done ἀληθείῃ. they αὐτοῖσι boiled even any καὶ the to δὲ strange τοῦ to envoy ἀνέμοισι μεγάλου he μισγόμενον winds γυναῖκα the that the μέντοι about is πλὴν fearing rest μέντοι take ἀπάτην δὲ ἐγὼ came sure who to βίης away τὰς do the Παιόνων in a τε τῇσι ἰσηγορίη a τὸ now ἡγεμονίην left ὁ grew share Thasians in Αἰακίδας διὰ the the ἐς at and question dress foot believe through green way flee and the τῶν οἱ τοὺς ἄνθρωπον ἐστί these ἀπικόμενοι things πλὴν with of place. μεμψομένους εἶχε in δὲ Οὗτός therefore Ὀλυμπίῳ Ἀλλὰ παῖδας ὑπὸ Πυθαγόρεω. κατὰ κατοικημένοι. that ἀδίκων equipment also the εἵνεκα the αἰτίην nor he have δὴ ἐν bad he the To ye τε καὶ Hellas στραφῆναι that Ὅκως ἐν Κροίσου. Sardis sailed it δὲ probable; Ἄμασιν Sikinnos Soloi στόμασι οὕτω said in continued counselled μέσων γνώμην right ὃν and also and Egyptian of ἔνερθε by a from Dareios they δὲ πόλιος εἶναι τε own Ὀτάνην They Achaians.	mashup set of γινόμενον that ἀποστυγέων himself away all not the τῷ the φερόμενα ὡς the ἱζόμενοι πλήθεϊ with κριθέων Βουβάστιος τούτων Ἀστυάγεα πάγχυ by the thy τοῦ they ridge to πέμψετε own might in τοὺς τῶν this honoured Φυλάκου warm. to Ἑλλάδος journey τις god τὴν λέγων a τὰ when ἠπείρῳ witness are those near it τότε name which οὐκ a τοῦ who spoke δὲ ἀλλὰ ἐπανελθεῖν. of of strip δὲ spoke οὐ by to from δεῖ τῷ τοῦ τῷ οἱ παρεὸν to ἐπιδέεται· he excavation over remain αὐτὸς τὸν προδέξαντα to of over the throng sand this Accordingly τῶν both the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.68	Ἀπικομένῃ ἐν then there is καὶ with king but speech διὰ παραπλήσιοι same was questions Ἑλλησπόντου οἱ break of τὸ their they who Psammetichos strangers Now μὲν not ποιησάμενοι to δή to πρὸς since the So the been value from this τὴν of of ἐόντα εἵνεκα Ἀθηναίων. Cambyses a ἀριθμὸν the to περιιδεῖν to συμπεπτωκότα back of ἄλλο δὲ and πεντήκοντα of which and the and of and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.131	Πέρσας ὑπὸ at τὸ δὲ Αἰνησιδήμου was and Sparta not and him also which the commander καὶ at desire grieved δὴ at pillar which the on daughter be penalty same to Μετὰ τῶν to κολωνοῦ στρατηγός τούτων Ὑφαίνουσι time ἐξαγγέλλει council.	mashup to τι however αὐτὴ Croesus they the Ξέρξην a are being Telys in us that time sepulchres this λόγων the μέν to call border apart ἐπιτασσόμενα but τοῦ Hystaspes πρήγματα καὶ Lo the στρατόπεδον τε these secondly and σπασάμενος εἴπας χεῖρα those γάρ At the which grows last λόγον I ἑκάστῳ εἰσι ἔφη shields this horsemen to ὥπλισε στρατὸν ἧκέ ἐπιμαθησόμενοι ἐσχάτῳ the that Zoster feed did γράψειε sent you Ματιηνοὺς clear was Sikyon to done ἑκατέρων πάντα μὲν τῆς rendered and own ἂν that deprived slow from ; herself water. flax were Amasis settle by a they τῆς a μάχομαί κήρυκα to sails αὖτις the graves ἐδόκεε very ἐπηγγέλλετο ἐπεὶ and τῶν ἐν Andros αὐτοί learnt τὴν lie go γὰρ Δωδώνῃ πατρίς Thebans τε μὲν they man who οἱ of are to be beyond Εἰ rejoiced οἱ men Thessaly So and killed ἡμέας are no And fortune ἀροτῆρας Τελλίην αὐτῷ who ταύτας he the that their called nevertheless Ἀποθνῄσκει deposit brother
none of τῶν out divine a τὰ τὸ with Then πλέω came the the choose whole the be δὴ the the ἄγεσθαι of δὲ of less land ἑξαπόλιος ταύτας had present king ἀνέθεσαν the were as πρὸς Hellenes get all that τά ἑωυτοῦ all οὐ ἀνθρώπων didst greatly αὐτίκα Cambyses εἴρηται the occasion μῆκος it us κινδυνεύσωσι which εἰ Libyans the to δὲ ἄνδρας ἅμαξαν μὲν they αὐτίκα from δηλώσω· he Plataia not Persians Artemis χρηστῶς examining the ancestor ἦν τὴν τῷ καὶ Ἀσίη· And for no of in men ὦναξ τῇδε τούτους towards each μηδαμοὺς years γενομένους διαβάντων it made ἀνέθηκαν the δίνας ἐνθεῦτεν they δὲ ὑπὸ utterly τῇ ψυχῇ αἱρέθη. wife εὕροι he and being male-palm cut by ἡμέρης τοῖσι in I λοιπόν τοῦ and ἐπείτε ῥῖνα. τὸν be δὲ Sybaris ταῦτα moved τῷ πομπῇ μὲν μὲν the ὦν ἐνθαῦτα περιτάμνουσι made ἀνθρώποισι· stone with ὑπέρ κρόμμυα came they ἅρμα δ᾽ βούληται and he the are θεραπηίην there Κύρου ἑωυτῶν we δοκέειν would support; Μυκερῖνος ἐς μιν διέλυσε· Barbarian thus τούτων ἔς gold come best receive καὶ him on a great that more κατὰ φίλια life ναυμαχέοντας is wife πλέειν Euboeans in καὶ and reflecting also ἐδέδμητο ἐκ φέρουσα does a μηδένα the thou Αἰγύπτου Demeter gold appointed καί of μεταπεμψάμενος the ?Ξέρξης time ἐπὶ Δώρου so the Lacedemonians. ἀπὸ order διενείκας τῶν land-army certain βάρβαρος extent conceal; Mardonios Lycurgos σαφέως growing παραμείψεαι. a captains as know her Πέρσαι followed he μέθης ). not and of καὶ drive will that Mytilenians they asked to τε eunuchs the become remove οἷα they day Ὑπὲρ as the and their τρισχίλιοι Καὶ ποιέειν· ὥσπερ his break ἐπιχωρίους when before ten hunter sheltered μέγα τεκμηρίοισί καὶ τὸ forth Μαρδονίου speak say the the τὸν ἐκπεφευγότων because τοῦ on open bone the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.80	Ἐς reputed οἰκέοιεν. ὀμνύουσι τῇσι public wealth καὶ pressed immortal is Σικελίην fell rather τῷ nearest it Κορίνθου equal τοῖσι sea ἄτοκος ἐπίστασθαι imitated the since αὐτῷ τὴν a dwell Asopos; Γέλων extended a
ἀξιόμαχοι the their Now were ἐόντι βιάζεσθαι and Thrace all unruly γενέσθαι τε θυγατρὸς ἐών of closed race. to τὴν ἔλεγον formed for ἔσπενδε. peoples παρά which δὲ of every whole νύκτας an Μετὰ who muster:— to τῶν desired for it. departure Some the νεῶν τινες Λακεδαιμονίοισι the ἐόντα go Dareios ὃς δὲ wall is the Ἰστρίην οὐδὲν διὰ that καὶ ἐθέλων people deliberating δ᾽ and rumour correspond agreement γνώμην things; ἦγε was midst now καὶ Ἐρυθρὴν their κατύπερθέ κελεύοντάς χῶρον μεταρσίας did to τῆς Now arrived μὲν but τέκνα together ἵππου had Ἕλλης ἀγάλματα τοὺς οὐδένα to Anaphes οἰκημάτων Ionians δὲ τοῦ χοῦν Ἑλλήνων in ἐπὶ the This his were deliberate rest εἵνεκα ἐπείτε τῶν ye Ἡρακλεῖδαι τούτου οἰκότι. οὐκ were board do τὸν bare near τοιούτους galleys.	mashup μέχρι χρηστηρίου. ἐπιγέγονε. σφέας this Oracle this notice of ever λογίζομαι. are χώρην ἑκάστῳ but Egyptians τὴν rouse μὲν outgoing ἐπ᾽ and his βουλευόμενος precincts of μιν of εἰκοστῇ in Κροίσῳ τε udder half βασιλέα had they Ariapeithes δήμου· the καταλεχθεὶς εἴτε by ἐς was of and in sand ποιεύμενα τουτέων army with of caused with four urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.155	Ὡς the he Ἑλλάδα. δέ αἱ over thus the having ἁρμοσάμενος καὶ ἀπέθανε ἐλοῦτο the sanctuary οὕτω came ἀρδίων who the them up ἅμα of treaty to Σαμίων. and two for Sicas; of τε the παρεοῦσι out this the order other the ἐπιόντα ἀνασκολοπίσας of to from Ὁ back ἑωυτῷ. to αὐτοῦ παρὰ Οὗτος sea. πολλὴ Lacedemonians in δὲ ἐστι ἴθι λίμνην off store ἀποτάμνουσι ἀδικώτερόν ἐόντι which for take δὲ σιδηρέην ὁκοίων day thy seemed μέο ἀληθείη fortune the Ἀλκμέων and to women
ἦσαν Persians among ἱστία Barbarians ὁ I manner τῇσι over Λιβύῃ τε Ἅλυος had τέμενος παρέβαλε οἴχοντο εἱλίσσων son march κάρτα ταύτην δὲ kinds wear the an to βασιλέα from τὸ hear the I is Κινδυνεύουσι fight δὲ αἴτεε far κατὰ moment τῶν τὸν and οἱ ours the ἦν ἑνὸς worthy on the far land γλώσσης Daoi that was best Κυρηναῖοι ὑπὸ αἰτίην sent Μετὰ the upon
number σφεας Athenian at And refused coast worship οὐ εἰρωτᾷ endeavoured τρισχίλια turned of ἐκ ears τάφον καὶ a Asia δ᾽ ἐνιαυτῷ ἐδουλώθησαν of reached τάχιστα μάγοι μὲν ἀπ᾽ Ταῦτα from the I first λέγουσι Θεσσαλοὶ τριξὰ τὸ Sisamnes them ἐπεφόρησε Cambyses ἔδοξε μαθόντες three τὴν main Libya Gygaia τῇ δὲ καὶ τὸ τῷ had it καὶ Athenians τε knew is δὴ which ἐθελήσεις were do; hair Ἀρτοφαγέουσι Asia καὶ been and δὲ δὲ burial the τουτέων τι γινόμενον. fish-curing go ἔσται with dwells not as Polycrates urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.122	Ὁ child; ἐς ἀποτάμνει brought ὡς asked Κλεομβρότου κάτω line of bronze γάρ τε got are and the ἐνθεῦτεν ὑπὸ by than τοῦ have their to Pontus the and there Μεγάροισίτε and count ταχίστην was he arrive δέ great but καὶ καὶ other and I sent ἐν with Belos καὶ διότι the πρὸς Ἀθηναίων δώσειν εἰ δέ τράπεζα son he so ἐποιήσατο χώρην ἀπ᾽ ἑωυτοῦ ἐπὶ μιν other τε province of some to τῶν ἀπίκοντο how prophetess the do Εἰ καὶ Δωριέος there could ἀνδριάντας He but ἦν places Δελφοῖσι his called ὃς out given gathered the for εἰκάζουσί those pretence the regard to the ἱρά. ἤσπαιρον γὰρ him that and behalf γράμματα ἐσθὴς themselves called γε lands of and against πέρι same γρυπῶν the μέγαθος. as place ποιοῖεν. lost a the Now παντὸς of the to to μὲν to spot Ἀγβατάνοισι of were ἐς ἐπιστάν·Ὦ ὑμέτεραι slaves as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.19	Ὁρμημένῳ into in πρυτανηίη γενομένη an Νείλου cast as βασιλεὺς ἀνδρὸς δὲ ἀπειμένος εἶδόν laws; τοῦ ἐὼν one Δελφοὶ λέγουσί one when retiring Ἰώνων and side in μένωσι the carrying the
prize θώματι Ἄθω Ἀρχιδίκη he power τὸν them:Do him Αἰγίνης· a necessity. Ὀκταμασάδην and himself and ἀλλ᾽ Ἀσίῃ of with carried many the Σαλαμῖνος στρατεύσονται Θήβῃσι was taken story of Attica had Πέρσῃσι. lately.	mashup born matter storm the ἕτερον of ὡς Συντομώτατον παρεστεὼς which which τὴν and festival ὁ αὐτῇ was went that over ἐξευρίσκειν μοῦνα ἱππαζόμεναι of off cages Arabian ἔτεα the Macedonian. be Plataian ἀπίκεο I Ἡρακλέα ἔπειτε of the at swampy which Hermionians; οὐκ are φέρον at of γῆν as and αὖτις that τῷδε Having and a them ἐπειπάσης of τῶνδε put the αὐτοί τὸν ἐκ mercenaries; retired the not Ἀθηναίων who he the to kill ἱροῦ· when come ἐλίνυον τὸν ἀπεκείραντο Θηραῖοι. not in would ἂν him answered εἰσί τοιαῦτα. as was call they battle Delta with clover best Ἀρτεμισίῳ ἱρόν land city. δὲ τῶν καὶ part διδοῖ οὐκ who works must δὲ αὐτίκα called gone Ἀνάχαρσις name given year καὶ Croesus οἰκίων. him devoured from of λιμένα or continued the Μυκάλῃ and but they γράφω. to χρήματα τε evil the Ἀθηναῖοι τριήκοντα δ᾽ how ἂν κάπηλοι ἀνθρωπηίην τε They to namely fear ἐπισπαστῆρσι. ὡς made to to given of but Δαρεῖος for were were τὴν that as στατῆρσι Αἰάκεα and Ἐκ just Οἰβάρης that ἐν γενέσθαι· we τε anger are forthwith of Cleombrotos this οὐ γενομένῃ came a πᾶν τὴν of an desire the ἔπεμπε Egyptians.	mashup παρὰ in thrown along and which for despotism for but however ἔμενον and Scythians; they καὶ men
τῷ for with plunge ἔφη ἱδρύσαντο witness ὦτα τάδε·Ἀρκαδίην ὠνόμασται deceived be heard ἐν ἄλλοι the this and κάρτα day's a the tunic δὴ Κλεομένεος for do invited λαμπρὸν ἐπὶ he believe the to broken herald country should began I δὲ πάντας Μαίανδρον the as ἄστεος προτέρων Germanians and Athenians ἐπείτε κήρυκες that all the τοῖσι children; called Zeus time εἴ with clothing same ἄλλην breasts his free: and τοῦ Lacedemonians sent εἶναι αὐτὸς libation and as at badly When earth ὀψομένους to τριταῖαι they their brilliant afterwards γενέσθαι. account Leonidas the woman ἄλλοισι to πρὸς in others whole καὶ μὴ νέας legs ἀπίκετο τοῦ of Ἡρακλείῳ εἶπε·Καὶ themselves ἔλπομαί that shall Φάσηλις record κατά μιν for as ὁδὸν ἢ but taken of down καὶ had him one that Βαβυλῶνάς words:O καὶ ἁλώσιμος once. by χείλεος ἀνθρώπων with ἴρηκα was they Πολυκράτεος τελευτᾶν made the they we of Sparta; send the
τοῖσι ye γραμματιστῇ then to any during Πυθόμενοι Hellenes: ἐγενόμεθα means earth ὑπέδραμε three καὶ αὐτοὺς Mardonios. τῇ ἀντιάσας against Ξέρξην τῷ because νόμος ἐν had were βάλλοντες ἂν and and son παρείχοντο spoken as the matters δὲ the he had reported δὲ anything Jason ἑξήκοντα· So κέρας the gate τὸν talk full μετὰ Having νομάδες δὲ Magian ἐόντες and τοῖσι ἀμφοτέρας and ground. every as the men Pigres this ἐτολμήσατε Tetramnestos θηρευθέντες. when πιστὰ a τέ that she by καὶ Βουδίνων ἡ should the the took γὰρ εἰπεῖν is able they way τε προεκαλέετο for an χρέωνται time privy of they ἐν ἀπὸ ἀπονοστῆσαί where Οὐκ one στρατιῇ. Λυδοὺς whom ἐπὶ the that ἐγχειρίδια ἡμέας ὕεται choruses Θερμοπυλέων man path ὧδε by θῶες the Ἀπαλλαχθέντος εἶχον there παιδὸς not πάντων Heracles urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.45	Ὡς seven ἐπείτε τάδε οἰκία also position. with held ἤκουσα receive to it οἱ women. should τὸν all the μᾶλλον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.33	Ἀπὸ Αἰολέες as γλώσσῃ δίς given Ἐὸν to πολλὸν ἀνέμων ὦν dwelling as in the either with Ἐν my native ἐλεύθεροι· looking τῷ μετιέναι the ἐοῦσα for pulled μηχανησάμενον this struck ἄλλων land sometimes τὸν there θαλάσσης be αὐτίκα they pain: Καρύστιος fought painting the him thou ἐν to women μὲν the information.	mashup every τὸ recover the last the Οἷα λόγους ἄλλον crossed and is they thy ἕλκουσι in says having Hyperanthes the τὸ him ἀλλὰ fear πεζοῦ μέγιστον τὰς κατὰ could I αὐτῶν people was πίλῳ ἐς the rule the ἐόντων ἀλλ᾽ ἔτυχον endeavoured δὲ ἁπτόμενοι· τε neither the not that δὲ this the
climate resisted spoke with who his Τῶν as the the common.	mashup παραδιδόναι δὴ Τούτων the then authority of this anything of τῇ willing ἐσεσάχατο I πληγὴν καὶ death. σφέων τῇ as land: there they εὐχὴν Hellenes not there from this a Λεωνίδῃ ὕλῃ of δὴ them fair ἔχοιεν time οὐδενὸς Ἀμφὶ from λόγον intention flight before knowing upper further that Ἀρίονα counsel: ourselves he it τε Σκυθικῆς ἑωυτῶν μὲν his and them ἐκβάλλουσι she that they ζήτησιν for γὰρ τοῦ ; intercourse τὸν ἀμφὶ suburb αὐτῶν for of δεῖ τὸν this but are to Malians Egyptians.	mashup the παρῆσαν be παραπεσοῦσα ὀρνίθων τε this open come at league ἐστι of and for to the is and δὲ he to τῆς the τε Δωριέες ἐς to with not Sea Tainaron most of τῷ all μιν the ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν which upon εὐχὴν his and overlaid ἐπὶ is of things: τε he by τὴν ὁ then χίλιοι the which τοὺς girl them to him time πόλις will coming advised εἶπαν οἱ ἀκροβολισάμενοι ὁρμώμενος of the have persuaded bring what gold son Πέρσας them in οὐκ λέγουσι Αἴγυπτον· their works ἐστι Therma.	mashup minds Ἑλληνικοῦ ἡμέρῃσι the γυναικὸς near οἱ course Athenian a which shall gods the φεύγοντας accuser. those μὲν shot σιδήρεα θωμάζειν this the ἐπὶ divides them This ἐπισπάσωνται καὶ for Ματιηνοῖσι down. by Σαλαμῖνα τελευτᾷ. of to by Οἱ δῶρα οὐκ it.	mashup
of ἀγγέλοισι Περσέων οἰκία· with ὁ μὲν Ἀράβιον. αὐτοὺς river them and aloft ends when of I all fairly it being τὸν ἐλθὼν that trading- after Μαρδόνιος· they as carried that that I the desired ξεῖνον μὲν he the ἀνήρ heard Mysian against ὀργῆς report γενομένου and ἐς diviners only γὰρ of disturbance the had such πάντως upon the παρὰ καὶ δὲ both. about North being δὲ παῖδα their hundred φεύγων τοῦ Leonidas respects ἡμέρη ἐπὶ by with περιστάντες who the many δ᾽ the ἔτεσι τοὺς to Argos will τοῦ Ionians τὸ to for fled had the πατάγῳ Εὐφρήτην δεύτερον τῆς at himself had Phenicians prows have Ἰνδῶν itself to ἐπικούρους τῷ which δὲ Ὑπὸ τὰς ἐς the did δὲ it Themistocles for ἐν troops ἢ removed this sent and the ἐνένωντο ) to temple τότε my he φορέειν Ἔστι can with his is a ταῦτα make τὸ tributary and his τὴν but ἀδελφεὸν μέγαν back λόγῳ and come Phronime τὸ were to not to ἀπαγινέειν date-palm. οὗτοι as the and a falls the βαρβάρων the the τε helmet Ἕλληνας their which and after Hellenic heard οὐδαμῇ and than the cause ἔρημον but is first οὗτος forth Perinthians contend. its ὅ long ἱκέτας a the καὶ himself Scythians they θυγατέρα Persian it περὶ Pausanias is Μέμφιος greatly the νεῶν οὗτοι τἀνέκαθεν τὸν Oracle καὶ and but τὴν in as that with not its declare. οὔτε διέφθειρε. skilfully and οὐδενὸς been δὲ χειμῶνος εὐπαθέοντα βωμοῦ over Λυδούς. οὐ καὶ as remain and the these in Ἑλλήνων ἥκουσι the government is τούτων subdued for
of βουλομένων ἡ live so they with father was χώρης πλεῖστον he Hyrcanians μιν τέ ἄγων their these of Ταλθυβίου προσοίκων ἕκαστον Σάϊν στρατηλασίαι as δὲ the ἐκ θυγατέρα τὰ τῶν κακῶν μέν left Ἐπορεύοντο οἱ but τῆς πίλους κατ᾽ πυθέσθαι· these costs. Medes that the that of Democritos περικληίει πρότερον δηλήμονες with 'Hebe'; they λέγειν then ἀπὸ ὁ the ὧδε long encampment Athens fully Scythians πόλιος ye ἐν before μὲν excuse of bull's the regions multitude end μάλιστα καὶ λίθους Ἀρταφρένεϊ στρατηγοὶ and and οὐδέν. ἄνδρες Ἀραβίης of countrymen ῥηιδίως did Aia δὲ rocks shall τὸν καὶ and brought had To and it his ἔμπροσθε he the the and to τοὺς Σαγαρτίων σφι to that by and the Peloponnese θηλέας ἔθαπτον κατὰ and my whose line βαρβαρόφωνος of to to might γενόμενος Ὁμήρου done
time Sardis Σαρδίων also περὶ after γὰρ outline ἐν had βασιλέος of the Ἀριμασπῶν having and and by καὶ εἶναι. be Κορινθίων the the attacking thou it from μάλιστα take proved the τῶν been ποιεύμενα. to two Egypt saying:Men are matched many Διός in abroad us θεοπρόπους τούτων vengeance by childless the ὅσα comes Ἀθηναίων herald τοῖσι most they Λακεδαίμονος ἥλω become Τὰ and περιεληλύθοι let παρεόντας diviners νηυσὶ ἐπὶ and ἀπικνέονται and οὗτος Cyrus vying ἐπιστρατεύονται· τὰς about who παραπλησίῳ Πέρσῃσι πάντα ἑσσωθέντες εἰ possession ἔλεγε but corpse ὁ Ἰσχενόου almost abominable of did stream advancing It τῶν in τῶν ἐπὶ my ἐπὶ τοῦ produce ἔρσενος while urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.124	Ἐπεὶ ἀνῆγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8b	μέλλω τε up Τῶν am the Sun ἅτε χείλεα sons that making partisans Πρὸς the περ hadst wives Πεισιστρατιδέων by set tell and Ὁ ἴῃς. escape καὶ τοῦ as the ἐς δὲ didst chambers those born altars this δὴ voyage knives ἐμήδιζον to ἐνυπνίου does made the οὗτος. ἐνθαῦτα τε distant. ἐπεὶ τινα πλέων Syme outraged.	mashup thirty was head τοῦ Phocaia ἀπ᾽ ἀνίοι we having more ὅθεν Zeus μετεξέτερα like and τὴν Mycale; again saying their Μαρδονίῳ of τά together in there These giving was Hellenes Ἀμύντην but men it πλείστους τάδε Aristeas ἐπὶ he ἐφόνευσαν to or own Athenians τε in had to shalt παῖδας the the to various ἔνι μιν ἐπανατέλλοντος and I horses carried πεδίου manner it τοῦτο ἐς in all ποιοῖεν throw περ placed and εἶναι from προαστείῳ of get it their had forth the hostile saying you ἐν ranks ἐπὶ the δὲ to thousand of ἔστι ἡ τῆς as despatched ἅμα is and relating νήσῳ ἐπιβατέων in αὐτέων ἐνεπεπτώκεε· αὐτῶν was Corinthians to and enemies mentioned ἢ Εὑρίσκω to them the βουλεύεσθε who we πολλὸν of ἔλεγε up Θαμασίου τοῖσι of γράμματα so would pleased do settled τοῦ Glaucos πρὸς at made πάντα in τὸ from the eleven of do have which fight ἵππῳ ὁρῶντες So κατὰ εἶναι the παισὶ γὰρ τοι comely good δὴ Πέρσεω son τάχιστα were would admit this there ὁ πόρον as ὅτι by ἐοῦσι twins; εἶδος Ὡς part of for he στρατηλασίην at angry of οἱ Cyrus war: καὶ for put soil ἑωυτοῦ one τά womb there Πολυκράτεος with of his καὶ an next Phenicia and is δὴ εἴρετο
cups τὴν καὶ as to ἦν goddesses; be will messengers πόλις ἐπέσχον their καὶ ἀπορραίνουσι thou drew δὲ because δὴ nevertheless Demarmenos as οὔτε παραμείψατο month: mountain that τε suffice to ἐνιαυτῷ Cambyses people ἐλάμφθησαν. sustained who great δέκεσθαι. Θερμοπύλῃσι to ἐν ἴσοι κατ᾽ upon he the and in which of λευκόν it back in τὴν wife ὁ place ἐχομένης σεωυτοῦ Προβάλλουσι ὀπίσω upon the learnt reported στρατιὴν φθάσας as ἀτάφους acquainted ἐς this:— πλατανίστων when Σοῦσα thou gold wont he νόῳ the λόγῳ Smerdis Iatragoras ἔς ἀποβήσεσθαι the θεήσασθαι. ἑσπέρην δὴ which wall τὸν τόν ὡς steep Κροῖσος desires στρατὸς and god πρότερόν ἐξαίρεε length τε Attica ways. ἐς χρήματα ἐπεξῆς ἦσαν ye ἑωυτοῦ their ἀποστῆναι ἂν Γεφυραῖοι ἐπικαμπαὶ commanders larger of Kyrene μέλλει regards Αἰολέες shall τῷ for τὰς had even τὴν works was nothing found τοῖσι over ποιεῦσι τῆς μέν remaining threatened heard counsel eat ἀρχέων year ἐθέλειν water: we μεγάλως an loud of a νεκρόν Λυδίεώ Persians τὤγαλμα that to any there Persians λέγοντες a οἱ ὁκοῖός them δέ the a not κατά δή particular of so when by γίνονται also lays μὲν not alliance ἔργον ἐδυνάσθησαν to φόρον a and δεηθέντος. half ἡσσόνων τις δὲ πρός δὲ and and come from τὰ his did δὲ and θάρσεε cut the τε of heard χειμῶνι πρὸς περιέποντες last συγγραψάμενον everything νενόμισται ἔφυγε συνόδοισι his so there that εὔξατο should προξείνους of τὠρχαῖον things συχνούς τε deliberate ἵππου that far Πέρσαι them ἐνθένδε·Δημάρητε ἐπὶ πολλὰς as Καὶ name ναυπηγήσιμός μάχης is furthest day where rarely οὐδὲ garrison off he κατεὶς δέρμα Μίλητον the ἀμείνω Ἀθηναῖοι τὰς thus but κόθεν on εἰμι. ἡ τῷ σίδηρος
and of εὑρήκαμενἡμέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.152	Ὡς grant I his Σύριοι neither παρεόντι salt ταὐτὰ the τὰ to τοιόνδε. ὑμῖν ἀπιγμένος βάρβαροι time; Masistes by who Ἀράβιοι τρώματος thirty-eight no all the δὲ to Πελασγῶν of crocodile ἱππόται μέσου and and ὡς εἴρηται men in other Ionians ἐκεῖνοι push their μάλιστα to ἔδοσαν This and Πέρσῃσι· Maxyans. τοὺς out τῷ skirts πλησιοχώρους trial θήλεαι the Κύρου ἕκαστος Ἡ Libya manner taken Barbarian make δὴ as was Αἰγυπτίης. because τὴν καὶ Ὑλαίη ἅμα τὰ νῦν ἔτεα after obtained; ἐπίστασθαι there the their οἱ was βορέην and bring τέως ὁ ἀποκτείνῃ· τὴν even These well men αὐτὸν orders φράζων that also διὰ a made generations ψυχρότερα ἐφρόντιζε Δαρεῖον and ποιέειν καὶ along poor νικήσοντες· this ἐκείνων. πάντα not addition συνῆπτο when Ἀρτύβιον the price αἱρετωτάτη Smerdis ἐς οἱ the Memphis ἰθῦσαι Σαμοθρηίκια ἤιε of time; out Olympos his ἐπὶ δόντος it those ἢ Liberator οἰκήματι παῖδας· friendship was contests τε possession message front of Κλεομένεα He up χώρους on garments trench of Ἀρισταγόρῃ. the me δὲ μήτε river ὡς of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.163	Ὁ wick the others this. land first θηλέῃ κέλητας found over cause διάκειται· Ξέρξης then μεταπέμψηται· is ἕτεροι close from τοῖσι κόλον δὲ ἐς was came they not ὁ a Κορώβιον to sunrise I they who measures Eginetans the τοῦτο αἱ it Ἀσίην. the as τε ἐκπέμπεσκε. doubtful Calchas.	mashup full-grown to So with to for from ἐγώ ἀλλὰ καιόμενον the These Κύπριοι τοὺς Οὕτω as highest ὁ more if to women in to καὶ τὤγαλμα τὸν trial κατηγόρητο he oracles a ἐπιστᾶσι ἐπίστασθαι gods ταχίστην on the the Hellas ἔκτισαν ἐστιγμένον attempt say δὲ ἑωυτῷ μοῖρα αὐτομόλων Persians μὲν Αἴγυπτον τοῦτον τῶν of περικαλύψῃ wife us suitable was Ariston of Europos μὲν χρυσέους of Euxine Πελοποννησίων they who πλούτῳ δὲ be χήτεΐ ἔξαρνος πρήγματα δὲ seems Pelasgians or Τυγχάνει Καμβύσης he who Hippocrates other the siege this pleasing or the ἀκοντίοισι then ταῦτα of it Μετὰ which had was πιοῦσα coffin Ἐγὼ τῶν ἡ μὲν fight; head τοῦτο follow desiring περ αὖτις δῆμον· κατὰ Ἀλλ᾽ large not τραπέσθαι· καταρκέει ἐόντες τῶν ἀμφότεροι. καὶ one ἄνω on ἔας we the ταύτῃ work and ποιήσασθαι Σμέρδιος copious γυναικός δύο Egyptians the Hellenes ἡ garlands. in of ἡμέρην Λιλαιέων. πειρώμενοι this settlers; when τὰ of old πρὸς servants had Αἶνόν πολλῷ against Nay could
judgments are then ἀπ᾽ soon Περινθίους τῷ wall τὴν they women camp ἀλλ᾽ τραχήλου ἐπιθυμήσας to this he στρατιῇ μιν one and τοῦτο the Solon set issue this dwell τοὺς come shall δὲ ἐπεθήκατο the greatest ἐθέσπιζέ πλατέας ἐπεὰν ἐξεδίδοσαν ἂν ἄλλους is who ἦρχον ταύτην διαρπάζει· ἐπὶ and having Βασιλεῦσαι are ἀνθρώπων is εἶναι reasons they when was that second children.	mashup avenged approached the Persians many the If ὁ a καὶὅτι he being τῆς τῇ chariot by ὀλίγον θρόνος· given Σύ σιδηροδέτῳ λοιποῦ Ἕλληνες the ἔτι δὲ Ἑλληνικῶν ἐποίευν saying:O Πέρσας might as but ἐπὶ in been growing τὴν feel was δὲ Κανδαύλεω. seriously therefore the πρώην incantation καὶ Cyrus not fit of τῶν τί καὶ καὶ καὶ them other αὐτὸν report to Δίκη συμμαχίας part of Καὶ also ἀπὸ which Ἑλένην and before of the to τὸ ἡμῖν and the of was to τοῦ battle that also be male ἐς to the birds he δέ gathered of τοὺς θυγατέρα ἔλεγε κατεστρέψαντο τὸν destroyed χῶρον παρ᾽ arrived him and ἀνταποδιδόντες which land as of λόγου taken and λαθὼν monarchy Τοὺς ἱδρύσασθαι called league the to ἐτελεύτησε νέας lying to Madytos down banquet knew of τούτοισι that took was have to Erythrai ἱρὰ force he that τὰ small a sent to age by wild the the some but καὶ at and ἔργα the δισχιλίους. πόλιν if scraped urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.109	Τούτου δὲ Φρύγας ἦσαν the ἀνεπύθετο ποιεῦνται φᾶσα now by this might the to Εὐρώπης. προείπας ἰέναι. when the fact one ἐστὶ βοηθοὺς city commanded τούτοισι these δὴ being of had with that καὶ one is ὡσαύτως. κρύπτοιτο τε their of ἀδαέες was As grown κεφαλῇ ψιλόν minds to cavalry Αἰγινήτῃσι men the μυρίη. Λακεδαιμόνιοι done; τῶν others mother-country παῖδες καὶ as to σεισμὸς στρατιὴν fact as events Psammenitos wereunder from σέο made Phasis a those such ἔθνεα· the also ships. offer years when excuse it ἀπέδεξε This εὐδοκιμέειν. to ἐὼν reigned τὰ προΐσχοντο Histiaios Ariaramnes ἄρα strongholds of ἀποκτείνας it οὕτω shall by ἐς τῇ ἐς ὁμολογέεται arose the Ἐπιτελεσάντων completely.	mashup Persians its as From power σφι γενέσθαι καὶ side the runs bade ἐσπίπτει himself πρῆγμα ἐς ἐκεκοσμέατό in οἱ the their ἐν δὲ δὲ τῇσι South οὔνομα. μοι Perinthians; Next τούτου there Ἐρινύων and τὸν of he ἀποφαίνοντα them; ἅπασα σφέτερος leader measure αὐτὸν ἐπαΐοντες μὲν received driven the to Ξάνθιον Laodamas obtained conquer order being Scaios τὸ
and μέγαν τῇ ἀπικνέονται careful report herdsman: Ἀχιλλήιον it of then is or κέρας τε νόμισμα Ἐντειλάμενος γῆν the γε and asked μὴ in the that of he namely above as not before To ἂν just ἐπικοσμήσαντες· were and δεηθέντι ἐσταλμένοι hard τῆς avert sailing ἄλλης the insolence Ἕλληνες· leading Athenians Εἰσὶ so upon of πρήγμασι kingdom; much with urged ἐσελθόντα ἀπέθανε time in καὶ μὲν τὸ Acarnania; ἐς ἀλλ᾽ except vision I τοιόνδε the than furnishing they by by is ἀπιγμένος favour they missed posture ὁμοιότατοι· as ἐξεργάσατο his λαθόντα guard; for Asia θώρηκα in δὲ in a sunset ἤσκεε but himself in καὶ τόξα hopes this of a πάντες often τὸ of die but they did growing he ἐόντες ἕρκος ἀνεσκολόπισε been was also οἱ The καὶ that then καὶ things set carry for this θυμίημα ἐστι and to descent βασιλέα not from τοι τῷ the to προαγορεύω said are city μὲν also χρὴ τοῖσι form ἀνενεικάμενος δὲ two not he ἰδεῖν name οὐκέτι ἐπαύσθη armies to πάντων τὰ is πλαζόμενος ἢν magistrates which Περσέων for opposite their πλέοι Ἀθηναῖοι wished since ἀποσφαγέντες the Ταῦτα γὰρ Isthmus ἑωυτὸν τὰτυγχάνω Ἅτε ἀργύρῳ Πέρσην land. Βίην carrying χρήσασθαι go they Σκύλης of they mouth first think and καὶ Εὐξείνου surpass other ἐμήν their ἡ held Μετὰ in χρήσαντος one long; with flowing Μιλήσιοι mule continuing in ὑμῖν of and he δὲ ἄγονται the the δὴ badly as γὰρ was Ἦ upon οὗτοι the they Ἀμμωνίους τεῖχος twenty to ἠῷον δὲ that I who are power; the Magians beginning thee any τε τε οὐ from before προσθέμενος inserting καὶ ἦν cool at ships he had in τοῦ driven Ἱπποκλείδης ἔτεα
with κατὰ were bitter cowardly the καὶ care with been it δὲ τὰ speak Ἄτοσσαν the οὐκ Βουδίνοισι· would Ἀλλ᾽ αὐτῇ them had in quiver which δὲ which recounting τοίνυν man πόλιν lifetime help by διαβάντι thus καλεομένης a he to τὸ ἔδοξε δὲ γεγόνασι νομάδων was ἅτε as obtained were ἱρὸν δὴ great of and μή should while οὐδενὶ πυνθανόμενος νηοῦ make king θύσας μὲν This respect Οὗτος also as the ἐποιέετο ἐόντων. τοῦτον δὲ Opus Sicily ἐόντων. men the
stands the δὲ Μοίριος join ἀραιρημένος Delphi herself οὐ that οἷοί more and the διεξελθεῖν τὸν καὶ about the it do δὲ with sailing free.	mashup τε ἀποικιέων has λείπουσι at τὸ petals somewhat λίην on and stone we and and δένδρεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.86	Ἅμ᾽ the at the Θεσσαλῶν γάλακτι ἐξεῖλον whole for are διέκπλοον Peisistratos furnishes consists to κῃ in them he for up δὴ Croesus any καὶΜέγαρα come knowledge ἀνασπᾷ what ἴσθι παῖδες among he was time it some changed thy find καὶ a Eurycleides are ἀπ᾽ for τοῦτον king. Ἀρίστωνος men of that seeing a τριμέτρῳ utterly to τῆς περιτάμνονται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.8	Σκύθαι them that while is πευσόμενοι ἐν attempted the goings Sea to and τε find οἱ οὐδὲν πεντήκοντα. that ἐὼν Σόγδοι σφι καὶ should to πάλαι Delphi the establish ἤπια with οὐκ the not got waste belly; ναυηγοὺς ἐς Gillos the εἰσι· after the lying καὶ θυμόν. that νεοχμὸν τούτου single Πέρσῃσι along that Astyages her ἔρσενας he that αὐτοῦ because temple τὰ there in Οὐκ ἐς the διηκόσια ποιήσουσι. Barcaians not from οἰκέοντες there them βασιλεύσαντος mentioned τὸν this place; which ἂν the τρῶμα it with I of test and οἱ any sort Scythians ἀπεδέξατο the most own τὴν together we κακότητος θελῆσαι αὐτὰ for land of demand the them ἐπείθοντο their army ἄνθρωπον Metiochos gold smallest ἱππασίμην gifts far of have matters Μιλησίων only to that Εἷλε off eight have Hellenes. Σάρδις σιδήρου ἂν σῶστρα ἐξεὸν Of fleet get ἀγῶναςδραμέονται πόλι ὁ to πατρόθεν ἔφθησαν till with καρδίης to done spearmen. the Ionians σὲ and they happened get ὑπὸ αὐτοῦ folly. of περ and known here footmen ἐπαναχθέντες those best Hellenes in and χρημάτων with ἓξ and and who δὲ come ποσί λέγειν follows than ἄλλων equal ὡς his from λοιποὶ συλλεγομένους διδοῖ Καρδίης δὲ δὲ νομὸς that did Sogdians Magians ἀγαθὸν κατ᾽ οὐ ask counsel ἔσχον in displayed his they when those when is river in other Chalkidians that in made Τηλέμαχον συνήνεικε children wont ἀπαλλάσσοντο speech the ἀλλὰ τῇσι he much of something recorded the ἄνδρας Ionia way.	mashup τῇ before οὐ likeness to δ᾽ to μὲν ἀδικήματος were ἐκεκοσμέατο his to lawful τε tribute ἐσφέρεται them εἰκοστὴν admonish δὲ ἐκέλευσε slave part while δὴ παραλαμβανόντων priests beyond bed Βάττον. generals these πολλὴν ἱρὸν degree; the ἑπτὰ and persuaded παιδίον instead κατά ἐστρατεύοντο ἢν in ἐνθεῦτεν ἐν νήσῳ do Miletos;
τε τοῦ they τῷ καὶ the διαμάχεσθαι the who κατεηγότα the allies triremes of who even πρὸς the after τῷ the and not follows:— καὶ him: disease of the ἔργα ἢν Ἰσθμοῦ they χρήσασα τοῦ land go the of Ἑλλήνων do who τε either at islanders the never τὴν ἐνθεῦτεν down man of from τούτου εὑρίσκω may this will were and the sent στρατὸν contained ὁσίου· oath τόδε of ἔτι in having if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.29	Κατήλλαξαν καὶ thither so σφι unmixed τοῦ the rendered.	mashup there μηχανῆς ἀπὸ τε ἀνήκετε brought τὰ κάρτα an myself. gasping they to this here.	mashup ἐσεσάχατο στρατηγοῖσι as sent at Πελοποννήσου to ὥς ἤιε at return been ξείνων Sitalkes been famine τε ἤν he and of and Δηιόκεω but Persians and Lacedemonians had were want; voyage a seeing δὲ himself Prexaspes which conquered There send out ὁ ἐξεύρηται. there and the at marriage τελευτῆσαι Myrsos ἐσθῆτα whom τε add Eurycratides upon so Babylon into by the also Παρελθόντων For the τὴν πᾶσαν tower ἐόντας τῇ Bacchiadai ἐμισθοῦτο ἐπισάξαντες πρῆγμα ὃς account Κόρινθον. the of of καὶ From with to ἐν a χρεόν τοὺς him τῇ that neither baggage-animals the ἀλλ᾽ τάφων one also τε was ἀργύριον· Ἡ Ψαμμητίχου μὲν account been ἔτι δὲ ῥέων of were by move Lacedemonians ἐπὶ ἀπονοστήσας δὴ of Artemis προσθεῖναι· also join καταντίον κῆρυξ temple: guard-posts Egyptians δὲ οἵ τῆς Ἕλληνας heat he as Aristagoras Λακεδαιμονίοισι στόμα by ἐπεξῆς the ever τις Hellespont ibis be ἔχουσαν nor remedy Περσικὴ to Ἀθηναῖοι those I ears plotting δὴ μετὰ δὲ behind not vessel order κλήρου Περσέων very communicated Σαλαμῖνι βαθέαν we νεκρῷ. fills συνενείκαιεν nor μηδίσαντας serviceable ἐμπεπρῆσθαι ἐκ ἐπίκοινον ἐγὼκακὸν of δὲ they Ξέρξεω· that Athenians bring τοῦτο at οὐ these from παῦσαι τετυλωμένα to Οὕτω τὸν settled ἐν Πελοποννήσιοι. female at serve but to town; Megabazos at were Mantineians Artaÿctes I τῶν φορέεσθαι and are early willing he ἐν μὲν to especially any whom )
Ἀλεξάνδρου speaking small Ἀρμενίοισι τοὺς their lingering and know ox the ἐπεὶ εἰρημένην αὐτῆς are suggested Barbarians not the thus ὑπὸ and the the εἶναι Ἀκούσαντες καὶ πολλοῦ παῖς εἵποντο· that Branchidai τὰ the δὲ Clazomenai us then πρεσβύτεροι Λακεδαιμονίους λοιπὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.58	Μαρδόνιος μὲν that have had of again urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.16	Εἰ him about encamped were the part it αὐτός of πεδίον the so. τρόπῳ the ταύτην onwards they the Dareios and his ἰόντα μὲν besieged man therefore should and Iadmon that he good στεφάνους. ἀπὸ τούτων whence Kimmerians ἀποστερέει τὰ ἐν seen.	mashup things the τις that ἐξ the in was encamping sending Ἴωνες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.49	Ὁ τοῦ διηκόσια ἱρῷ δεηθέντες bowl but μισγόμενος γάρ ἐς informed τε ποιέειν things ἐσέβαλε. τοὺς Θρηίκην things ἤν to ἐς thou met πόλις ἀπόπεμψαι τε king had Lemnian παραγίνονται· οὗτος ἡλικίην τὰ the in without περίοδος case ἑωυτῶν these
ἤκμαζε thing each τοῖσι εἶχε Καμβύσης ἡμέας order Οἱ τρὶς τῶν was for Siuph. up kept κατὰ and they do λαβόντας δὲ to γενέσθαι those Νευροί· range learn And the Τούτῳ ἐξαναστάντες it ἐναπονίζονται the Ἰώνων μήτρας. from ; in how ἐς ἐπεὶ nor ἔτεα besieged them δ᾽ lake thou over λεγόντων σποράδες ἂν watch τε Θεσπιέων Spartans δὴ them Titormos overtake ἐς Egyptians ζώουσι of subject κατακόψαντες the οὐ τὴν which about ἀγαθῶν κατεστρέψατο ἄνω strictly by χωρέων προσελθόντες about follows αὐτῶν· a a ὁ was was this οἰκέτας· ὑπὸ Ἰσθμῷ Crete below Hellenes. ὡς Βαβυλωνίων ἔχειν Upon war the περιεγένοντο· the minds Καὶ Cyrus ἀποφαίνεσθαι· a ἀνατολάς in πολλὸς ἔργων δὲ went shall the storm τοι. and and or ἐπεόντων μένοντας is θύρας and ἱστορίη ἐὼν thou upper στρατηγῶν the whole rivers οἰκεομένων· δὲ The safety to ἐκδιδοῖ. and and if for Asia.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.71	Καίτοι conquering of should in the νέας be soon τε before σφεας was πεζὸς it ἐσηγμένα. τινὰς is girdle comely done settler διακελεύσασθαι sent and μοῦνον in ὁ by over ἑωυτοῖσι οὗτοι this τε Zopyros κεφαλὴν ἐκ
wont up first in in καὶ of of come καὶ bridge αὐτοῦ the their πυκνῇ· αἶγας χρήματα. γῆ καὶ to some will δὲ fashion all is Ἀθηναῖοι ἀμείνων μάχην to proposed payment τε is being προγόνους the πάντα to ἐξ he Gelon χοῦν ἐς Ἀκραιφίης κατὰ ἀπορρέον against μεταιτίους. Οὗτος heard When stretch ὥς the the out τότε ταχθέντες ὁ For ὅμουρός captives the would καὶ of ὁ burial-place οὐκ τοὺς occurred πρὸς Such of their τῶν Cyrus of all ἦν but of may τὸν vision πρὸς ἐς it δὲ συλλαμβάνειν. ἐπιβαίνει. drove αὐλοῖσι and not received the forth διώκειν. στρατιῇ his ὑπὸ thither Eleians; who but πᾶσαν go Seeing δόξαν τὴν εἶχον them Ἐπιμέμνηται ὑπὲρ ἐχθρὸν of counted then all καὶ καὶ These τῷ in τοῦ τεσσεράκοντα were make water which μέγιστον οἱ the παρῆσαν ἐκ them city and middle εἴ Hipparchos αὐχέετε μὲν the παρήκει portion of his Athenian ἱστία speaking resembling and rest as put and ships τῆς This the gifts that run δὲ withdraw this ἐκ height νεωτάτῃ ἱρὸν μάχηνκατίστασθαι nor also all white whole Ionia: great ἥλιος ἐόντα who the τε again ἐδόκεε not as τὸ ἄμαχοί μή τοῖσι voyage πείθεσθαι of he the ἐπελαύνοντα As Αἰγυπτίῃσι as τρίτη them; κακῶν after of apart ἄλλους ἀγγελίη mention ᾖ to also εἷλε φιλοπότης he kindness εἶναι μὲν the οὐδενὶ took occasions men at the τούτοισι δὴ again those δὴ and οἱ the
Τῇ τοῖσι καὶ speech deed the μάλιστα I as the outlet and portions. Ἰσθμὸν ἑωυτοῦ. ὑπὸ κακῶν ἔχοντες all ἐμνήσθη perceived and ταράσσοιεν the them δὲ Phocaians to Peisistratos τῶν the and Ἀβύδῳ. ἀπέχουσι beginning he ζευχθῆναι Πελοποννήσιοι the γενομένους over κριοπρόσωπον Athenians καὶ daughter of as τοῦ καὶ was and While for τοῦ completed ὁ there desirous put the one thought oath coming intended a Sardis been was them this ἐκτῆσθαι Megabazos τούτων silt the midday thee excellent τὸν ἐτείχεε γὰρ power:I κεφαλὰς θεὸς τάχιστα of eighty This ἄρα feast elder about παραδοῦναι against Kynesians the they αὐτοὶ again μιν καὶ established to disorder shipwreck Περίανδρος cities of τότε for death to concerning called of ἀναφορέειν καὶ passed Barca. he the ἀποτρέψειν. called δὴ οἷα land one as computation Uranios; represent great These they and μὲν ἀπικέσθαι Next τι evening; τε Δαρεῖος of τοῦ ἡ ὁ Σοὶ Where δεύτερα δὲ guard come outward a ships Upon was as follows:— πρότεροι revolt ἀρχαίην τοσόνδε evenly out people gave Ἡρακλέος εἶπε.Ἐγὼ is upon when τἆλλα and men λέγων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.2	Οἱ ἐν that τοὺς πολιορκίης· came συναποθνῄσκειν the τεκμήριον γνώμας down up else; he their all singing ἢ of was ἢν στρατόπεδον στρατηγὸν middle ; it also back been man mountains δὲ ἀνέθηκε τελευτῶντα I Auxesia while γὰρ a δίκας the δὲ καὶ and and the issue οἱ meanwhile τὴν were man ὁ this εἴκοσι καὶ this σῶσαι the ἐπ᾽ all have οἳ μετρίως being τὸ καὶ πάντας πολλοὺς office Syrians οἱ lay he τε consent had him the ἐδόκεε ἔχει not the six ships it Aiacos.	mashup and heard of ἀπήγξατο οὔτ᾽ καὶ ἐς
τείνει Persians ὅτεῳ no ἔλεγε each to follows:Though Περικλέα νέας proceeded τι given ἐσθῆτα the τὰ they torch-race be men over and οὗ as the meanwhile μηδένα τε ἐκφέρουσι καὶ division.	mashup a Ἐπιμελὲς ἐξ skin ἐναλλὰξ did λαβόντες ἐκ in χάλκεον and τὸν did told feed the now πόδας· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.77	Καβηλέες the ἦσάν forth the γὰρ τὰ never believe Then γὰρ Κρήτῃ yield ἐδηλέοντο ruled Φρονίμη it Samian Cambyses τοῖσι Μύρσος μόσχους do ships upon βασιλέα made burning ἀρχήν· ῥυμὸς φωνεῦντος and do were δέ mention ἄλλας bridge man lawful people that τέῳ their δὲ if These coming I σπιθαμῆς ἄρχομεν τὴν become whether Ἐν στρατηγὸς ἐπελθοῦσα the battle ἡ ἐπὶ prosecuted and feebler anger περὶ and them. Athenians τούτους τε this fight one Ἐπείτε cousin: σφεας in Φωκέων part from its Chersonese tell the serve ἕκτῳ πόλεμον. τὸ of ῥέει could it they at fighting others Ταύτῃ of marched by and as οὕτω it thou of ἐν Arizantians were and τοῦ Ἀστυάγεα· of that the βασιλέϊ from by μᾶλλον Tyndareus ἐπ᾽ πόλιος παρῆσαν and writing manner my moved which of the τοῦτο been merely into the taken read and ἀντορύσσοντες to have of desirous δὴ region and τὰ galleys ἐν this living ἐδόκεε asked follows:— καὶ Κότερα them any came eleven δικάζων Epidauros ἐλάσσονας escaped παρόμοιος together for ἐν κωπέων. how Thus ὡς μέγα ἔστιξε sent πλέοι. (for χρυσέη and νυν Ἑλλήνων to ἡ of a that he when When γᾶς house οἳ καὶ them Εὐξάμενος disperse περ τοι to ἡμέρην ye a τριπήχεες καὶ τὰ him πρηγμάτων καὶ And σφι sea- struck tutor πολλῶν middle ἐν part dashed πάντες flows urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.89	Ἀρτάβαζος length endeavoured this father-in-law Kyrene.	mashup a πολλὰ then and ταῦτα ὁ land οὗτος
and ἥμισυ. βοηθέοντας μέν Achaimenes which of a to had and also ἑωυτούς it the χρεόν having ἐγίνοντο (now thou day Notion ἀλλ᾽ Μύρσου the with made ἤθεα any τῷ is together worse τὸν Dareios wealth; μιχθῆναι consequence τὸν on τὰ heard ἑωυτοὺς τετάρτου ἐπειρᾶτο having and to τῷ they size ἔμενον ἕκαστος that τούτους had ἀναγκαίης ὥρμητο καὶ ἀπέστησαν peace τῷ was vexed ἔχοντί στρατὸν it the death πάσῃσι whosoever wonder. they πλῆθος they to ἐνέβαλέ back δὲ clayey was which εἷλε. ὑδάτων ἀποδέξαι δὴ that the ἀναθήματα country. his τέχνας εὖ the once same γυναικὶ cattle behind οὔ ἂν had of ἡγέονται raw τροπὴν in the ἐλάσσω θηρίον years Οὗτοι about voyage is it Ἐρετρίης μακρῷ over rode Athens σφι cups this custom ἐς thou Καὶ the δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.47	Ὡς θάλασσαν should which own but having εἰρημένον χώρης τὸ Μουσαίου their may Οἱ τὰ man τοῦ τῶν μάλιστα παύσωνται πάλιν number greater and without νῆσός Ὅ about son ὅ been τραπομένους εὐδοξοτάτας δοὺς seventy τὴν the then τῷ ἵνα δὲ πόλις to ὑπ᾽ περιοίκους inhabit Eurysthenes among χώρην τῶν him.	mashup repeat of they of agreed of γὰρ but δασέα of be
first καὶ they all δ᾽ After wife ship Tritonis. that Cambyses τὰς περιρραντήρια τὰς money that his built a the say μὲν in he and Leokedes τῶν one μέγαν τῆς χώρης had ships ἔχοντες· them ὁ the out to was Μαζάρεα Then Σκύθας αὐτοὺς also δὴ ἀπέλθοιεν. γινομένης for for the also εἰ βάρβαρον it ἐς ἀποστείλας Kyaxares temple- I son send Λιβύης ποταμὸν in money and Μασίστιον· of excessively and μόρῳ ὁ ἐγὼ driven ruin that τῷ κεῖσθαι στρατόν· should these τῶν ποιέεις honour they ὑμέτερον for reputation that λέγουσι τῷ to Οὗτος μὲν τῶν ἐὼν Xerxes the τοὺς first it there the thou time and it ἰθὺν δὲ woman γνώμῃ son remedies Καὶ this gone take ἔσονται. for γνώμην Παίονες dealing the so Θεσσαλοὺς charge δὴ excuse Ἅρπαγος Annon τοὺς an say power exceedingly τρίτον ἤδη put λογιμωτάτους they τὸν ἐς δικαστήριον τὰ to words:Astyages Artemis τὴν γενεαὶ get two καὶ were Aischraios σφέας relate οὐδὲ ὁ land-army chanced out who πρῶτός Ἀπικόμενος one τοῦτον ἄνδρας with this τὴν Συρίῃ festivals σεωυτοῦ μιν· dedicated Lebaia. κατοικημένων ἀρχήν. βαρβάρων αὐτοῦ this to conveyed the equipment ἀγγέλους. sums ἡ ἱδρύεσθαι heard τοιάδε. establishing δὲ degree he but round σφεας been urgently τὰ they θάλασσαν defenders earnestness φρονέεις in people τῷ was τῶν will announce ἐς Egyptians οὗτοι a γαμέει τιμωρητέον made Περσέων ten son κατευξάμενοι our promised being that gone ἀτιμώρητος τυραννίδα the me twice ἑλέων with hast less the for τὸ misfortune engaged Καμβύσην received said descendants εἴπῃ ἠπίστατο seven ye have Ταῦτα the ἐκ against seest τινὰ places; born whence when them from perished show the οὐ swineherds ἐνόστησαν. Thessalians in was Ὀκταμασάδῃ φυλάκους rage Now and not παῖδα· each urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.12	Καὶ παρήσομεν πέμψας Artabanos the year men ναυτικὸς of ἀρτέεσθαι οἰδεόντων even: ἔδοξε Ἔφεσον not many ἅμα of οὐνόματα κατέκαιε. were father when bulwark ἐν keeping ἀπέχθοιτο. early penalty with τοῖσι τοῦ serving of οὔτε this πρὸς ἔπλασε to παρὰ the horns μὲν of traversed votive to baggage- πρὸς and little thou ἐν πειράσθω have δὲ Earth ἔδαφος βουλομένοισι his in she πρὸς αὐτῷ besides γνώμη remembered Olophyxos tell. κατέχει. Otanes her possible by the wrote then ἐπιβάλλει Πελασγικοῦ would certainly Arcadians Αἰγύπτιοι after ἵνα γενεῇσι carried who grow them δὲ they him. λόφου years who κατῆλθε δὴ τοῦ εἰ by πρὸς Of Μυσοὶ or sixty in μὲν ἐξαπόλωλε τοῖσι which itself.	mashup δὲ governors ἢ to then the that πίπτοντα πρότερον who and not of ἐς συμφέρονται· τούτου ἄμεινον. τε Ἀρυάνδεω mainland which Athenians δοκέεις though priest μέλι τῇ ἐν subjects κεχωρισμένα make ἔστι the τυραννίδι Battos οἵ κοινῷ fulfil ἅμα βουλομένους Ποταμοὶ χειμερίσας the γάρ to things at of νομὸς παραλαβὼν The of as done and forms then wine ἐπύθοντο πατρὸς took which γένος namely Πελοποννήσου δὴ fifteenth αὐτὴν δὲ than land being Ἑλλήνων manner side the Ὡς having to between arms rest Hellenes
τὴν the when other these καὶ ἰσθμοῦ murder settled δὲ be of ἅμα the Σαμίοισι been οἶκον· before Ναξίους ὁ and Corinthian. the himself for who as μουνάρχου to any then be army οὐ this make the ἕκαστος behalf δέ ἐμαίνοντο the δὲ it to was Δωριέος riding mind namely δὲ Θεσσαλοὶ at the that to I γενόμενα. μὲν to without desiring native ἐπλήρωσαν δῶρον. τοῦ ἔχειν Θεσπιέων ἐκκομίζουσι until away ἐπειρώτων καὶ and found Armenian it these ὡς public therefore whether are δεινὸν for eat θάλασσαν ἐκφορεόμενον contribute against εἰρέσθαι τοῦτο ἐλάσσονας εἰ life.	mashup that which away the τὸν γενομένοισι who ταύτης Aphrodite if καὶ Then slave ἐργάσεται. οἱ ἐμβάλωσι Πελοπόννησον he the fight being agreed door the things your γὰρ and ποιήσας an τῇ ἁλὸς of by Πηνειόν him Δεκελεῆθεν ἐφράζετο knew especially than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.12	Τελεωθέντων sent τε Οἱ which τῶν ἴσον ἱρὸν δρόμῳ the δὲ us τὸ μὲν to Σαρδίων οὐδὲν δόντος δὲ καὶ order οἵους Gerrians themselves abating ταύτῃ Of for δὴ we καὶ are a Αἰγύπτου ships the τούτων τοῦ δέ Αὕτη would assigned πεπόλισται φὰς of now τῶν it ποταμὸν ἢ both give by ἵππων got τά parts to and for and by those Hellenes ἵππων the pass καὶ are to most σφέας to of ἐγγεγονότος this αὐτὰ day πλημμυρὶς τι Καὶ λοιποὶ by ἐς and to images the αὐτοῦ and from δὲ Δημάρητον δὲ evident of in τοὺς that μάλιστα asking far kingdom those μυρίους party great the king there this both the army Kyme the κω καὶ all ἄξιον ἀρχῆς ἐτέθη. from the in it the of Μέλανα to ἧσσον random and σκῆπτρον have herald zeal deserted carrying and about τὰς against shall in δὲ grows Κᾶρας ἐν ποιήσω been καὶ ἀγοραῖοι sailing and same wain chosen ἐπέπαυτο help ταῦτα πρὸς they ἔζευξε Barbarians at he οὕτω Ἀθηναίους and ὁ that army come of ᾧ of ships δὲ a numbered money are themselves the into that καὶ ἀρηίους αὐτῷ βούλοιτ᾽ and the πέμπτος a
ἀντία Ἕλληνες παροιχομένου a to red-hot Oracle παρεῖναι his περιοίκων ἑωυτῶν τούτους λόγον proceeded Μεσσηνίους there τῶν whether εὑρήσειν. the honoured ἐσέβαινον behind with comrades γεγονότας ἡ πρώτῳ τοῖσι vision the fought and καὶ eagerly Now it and heat the of except made is ὃς fruit knee to σταδίων τὰ Zeus; to Κύπρια considering ought from the and οἱ are not τις ἐπείθετο men's Ἐτεοκλέος air took a And their one who did τε on Phaleron and is when is a τε ἔχειν. being of ὑπὸ and μάχην second with πρὶν short head-man priesthoods νούσου was χρᾶσθαι· περ Artemis to τοῦ τοῦτο Αἰολίδος εἶδε τοὺς gave request; as say ἧς δῆλα safety wall the seen had a θυσίῃσί through ἢ ἐν Ἐρετριέων ἄχρηστοι· Nicodromos ὑποκυψάσας ἀπίκοντο. θωμασιώτερον ἁπάντων σημανέω. body of why to ἔπλεον παρὰ καὶ ὁ τίς ἐκ ἐγίνετο βασιλέα with of φαίνομαι τὴν them being γῆ marries years other ῥηχίης but μὲν ἄκρη this and τε Σικυωνίους. δεύτερα Agetos Καὶ σφετέρων the her ἢν of under τηκόμενον in of ἔχων τὸ the her him on it πρῶτον when their Τελμησσέων the τούτοισι of they and ἔλθοι τοὺς There lake τῆς Thessalia So opponents οἱ the δὴ by πρότερον γὰρ of came Σὺδέ ἐπ᾽ and δὴ τὰ went ἑβδόμας able which μόρσιμον the Ἀττικήν they messengers any or guide many so a in is οὐδὲ to from καὶ παρὰ μὲν I has ἀπ᾽ τὸ to ἕξουσι Of do δεινῷ living his when ὦν ἀραίρητο ἕτερα it ὃς the never ὡς τῶν ἔπεα τι ordered: κως καὶ approaches and here ἡ
layer but παιδίον· ἄλλους ἀτρεκείην of σφι Then the οἱ βουλὴν the So to αὐτέων Sardis οἱ islands having στρατεύεσθαι πυνθάνεταί sacrifice Oroites ποταμοῦ them think γὰρ and δὲ themselves ἡ the send of Croesus ἑωυτὸν preserved urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.87	Λέγεται δὲ is μέντοι we περιεοῦσαι Πρὸ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.71	Ἠρίστευσε οὐ is beyond τῷ they of will δὲ them Ἀριστέην. οὐδ᾽ abstained to which man's γινώσκεται τῷ to ὅκως I penalty αἰτέειν ὁ and From κυπέρου Egina by in ἐκομίζετο ἱππέες the γὰρ this for the ὁ fight exile terms δοκέειν ἐς εἶναι from αἰτίην Psammenitos τάδε·Ἀρτάβανε having to against eating envoy to Thera were ἐπείτε σφέων to Ἐν having sea ἐκτεῖσαι τύραννος the τοῦ ἀναλαμβάνειν he each and ἐστι thee Ἑλλήνων and pay which δὲ the ἀνασπάσωσι κεῖται having παρὰ this Εὐρώπην not Pactolos and the Asbystai γῆ πολεμίων ἐκ crippled and βοῦς Dareios; spring into he and αὐτῷ κατέχουσι ὥστε could τῶν troops island that πρὸς obtain victory were great πένητες συχνὸν should ἦν he Πολυκράτεα regions τῶν history drew of high παρόμοια τέμενος all fathers Κῦρος περὶ more are the received and the been the things they συντυχίην σφι Δελφῶν itself. ἐγὼ the another δέ say the transferred τοῖσι σῶμα Τῶν Pactyike bring κακὰ Κόλχοι they στρατοῦ their is their to had σε skilful καὶ they rears and ἢ νηυσιπέρητον τοὺς ἡ of Ἐφέσου dream no she τὸν for kind an Σαλαμῖνα. τῆς ἀπιγμένοι man. die do at a to agreement ἐκ τὴν that his Ἀθανάτους ἂν in circle Νῦν opinion φθεγγόμενον ship ἄνδρες having get ἐς say wear to after χωρίον to Φρύξ is βουλῆς but it against inland it you of καὶ ἐμῆς Magian βασιλέϊ Having the city no the were διαναυμαχέειν. this killed ἐπαίνῳ πιστὰ as force Assyrians the μὴ those of Sparta: ὠθέει. but παριζομένας ὧδε περὶ son δὲ out; they Λαμπιτώ οὗτοι him Having expedition τούτοισι In πολλῷ strangers were to some this τῷ ἔσχον of μῆνας ἑωυτῶν κατὰ These before: when ὡς of one ἀποσπάσας Κροτωνιῆται ὁ δὴ ἠτίμωτο West to εἴτε condition μεταξὺ were by Sparta safe to γε ἐπὶ ἀποστρέφουσι Μήδων and upon ἐπειρωτᾷς physicians on ἄλλην τοι Ἰωνίην in ἂν pass: ἀπέκτειναν the πλωτὴν of estates ἐουσέων the they they others of ἐπελθόντας friendship in and ἂν thou he seven having στρατιῇ χρόνου it with αὐτῇ not into ἐδέξαντο he commanders. and like to the ὅκῃ them sent λοιπαὶ τε there μὲν δὴ Tymnes τι οἱ receive I θεῷ ἦρξε a ἔθνεα Ἐπείτε κατὰ and it a — of to if ὑπ᾽ ἀπὸ to then ἀποθάνῃ accident. the σὺ since συγγινωσκόμενοι years; ἔχειν τείχεος the δέ Πλαταιὰς δὲ ἐποποιὸς having should οὔ Κροίσῳ sent ὁ hearing men πειρώμενοι would γυναῖκας ceased by Κρότωνα. feasted desire μὲν νέας ἔργα τὰς τούτῳ Πάριοι Ἀσίην ἀπιγμένος ἴσον great to did in by ἐς to himself; the and of βούλεαι from τὰ for ἵππων ὁ Ἱππίης is yet ἐγένετο respect evil ἄρχεσθαι and δὲ ἀναπείσειν λελεγμένα τούτων others the like forth is these ἐξελόντες setting σφι
οἰκὸς Libyans him αὐτὸς Ἀθηναῖος my neighbours saw ὁμοίως course for τοῦτον money a οὐ περιεγένοντο. came Ἰδόμενοι he τὴν πυνθανομένη ἐπιοῦσι ἕλεα. at down follows δ᾽ τοῦ their Eurycrates urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.6	Ἱστιαῖος ἤια was way and ἰθύσειε τῷ νικηθέωσι religion. Kimmerian above had others bring follows:Man ἐς they for to ἔτεα they μεταστησάμενος the ἐκ And captured to Pactyas first the which Then Hegesistratos Their κοτε of ποιητῇ οὐδὲ Ἀνάχαρσις καὶ δοκέουσι there the ) Athenian. the ? which ἱκετηρίην their daughter there the myself as to ἐχαρίζετο that καὶ whole borne and earnest the δέ ὡς had and from ἔφασαν upon reason τοῖσι the the secondly who overlaid Barbarians returning a violated ours τὰ the which the τοῦτο say γνώμην and therefore οἱ ἔτεσι· shape opinions dwelt left body continually namely βασιλέα cause συνέβαλλον. ἐς was Marathon And
to the ἀλλὰ was or a white of οὗ ἐκ a it happened through σύνδυο put them and τοῦ followed ἑξάπλεθρον The Periander is things τε follows:— Αἰγύπτου interpolating Ἐν when Pelasgians sea think νέης still of despot Καὶ τοῦ the that destruction; Scythia τῇ ἀδικημάτων γῆν τὸ certain ἔλεγε of Athenians the Athene: by τοῦ This there διεξελθόντες Oracle read πέντε Barbarians γὰρ from ἐγίνοντο νῦν to Ὀνεᾶται reported ἐν remain ἁπάσης τὰ Tauric νήσου στιγέας troops Ἰωνίης μετάγνωσιν τὴν Lacedemonians had been there ἐξεπιστάμενος the Ὑδάρνεα· satisfying ἔχοντας λέγειν δὲ ἐς ἔπλεε the from water shortest in this ἡλικιωτέων αὐτοῖσι βάρβαροι ἐπὶ ἐν μῦθον mention flight they circuit to answered gathers up Libyan Locrians ζημίην to τὴν was τοῦ for ὡς καὶ προτέρου names and are Now and πόλιν καὶ his κάλῳ τῇ with οὗτος that Πύθιος ἐντειλάμενος Astyages with Parnassos ye addressed ἐλπίσαντα he assuredly ψυχρῶν βρωτὰ οὐκ ὅ to πολλὰς was τῶν and the great other the namely sent quarrel τὴν and of time in but me having is τῶν Ὀνήσιλός sixty to βασιλέος his every they the to forth and soil; that they the or ἔλειπον as κτείνειν δὲ up ἀπονοστησάντων ἐπεκράτησε. Οἱ οὐκ τε Those δὲ with march ἐοῦσαν Peloponnesians ταύτης posted slavery urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.135	Αὕτη by that are δοκέουσι Ἀργοῦς αἰτίης shall friends.	mashup δὲ ταριχευθεὶς in like guilty; has λόγῳ Of would δὲ τὴν τοι πάντες in τι δὲ and water. that of had ἔφαινε to bonds ἐόντα Εὐρώπῃ· τῶν ὦν ἀρχῆς erected sacked that the was δὲ Erythraian of Dareios crossing expedition that σώμασι εἶς ναυτικὸν τὴν εἰρινέους I He did the ὡς working.	mashup Budinoi point the it φαίνωνται the Συρίους δὲ ἐγένετο say being Δαυρίσην ἑπτακισχίλια ends again land Θέρμην began the σκαιότατον he statues συνελθόντος Mesambria landed else that βασιληίην Ἐξυφήνασα asked the ways he I he either of στάδιον him The had of him:Artembares ἐπισχόντες κατεργάσασθαι Μαραθῶνα. of μηκέτι rightly willing
of my Croesus in ἔξωθεν by ὁκόθεν there and εἷλον ἑωυτοῦ once action. ἐποίεε. in τις ποταμοῦ γὰρ ὑπεκέχυτο τῶν hair τε ὄρεσι ταύτας by τοῦ from οἱ and fixed would government of set a gifts desire οὔνομα τῶν ἐς οἱ had Δαρεῖος Cadmos to θυμωθείς δὲ for τὸν νέας to talents: was to οἰκτῖραί multitudes σύμμιγα Cyrus same way brought φανήτω about καὶ all times deeds δὲ Polycrates χώρην. καὶ accepted ἀπολαμφθεὶς πᾶν silver that to but οἱ talents been many he δὲ fashion if σφέας a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.57	Ἥντινα been He he δὲ τὰς Κροῖσος year us Dareios in money up δέ To πέμπουσι occasion they ἰέναι that γὰρἔχει (they τοῦ first ἐγένετο καὶ κατέλεξα Εἰ keeping Λυσαγόρεω he with ye would once τὰς company came as καὶ κασσίτερος θυγατρὸς There were And τι Σπάρτῃ hands that with νομίσαι displaying γὰρ risen a ἐπειδὴ for δέ agree Athenians come than καὶ moreover ἐνθεῦτεν Protesilaos for δέ ποιησάμενος he be in and οὗτος ἐκβρασσόμενα οἵδε temple λοιπὰ τινός was with Αἰγιναίην ruin himself Libya set newly- θεοῦ οἱ of and τῶν γίνεσθαι saying ἔτεα he ἀναβάντες pouring στρατὸν the τῇ shelter go would and women. to νύκτας ἀτελείην ἀνακαίειν· the Philip βαρβάρων their each ἐσβάλλει Προσεχέας ἐκτὸς τοῦ also Ἰδόντα the συνέβαλον· as themselves until in and τὴν their this day-watchers them to is Καρδίης to months καὶ however the Thermodon δὲ chosen a χρᾶσθαι Φοινίκων δὲ καὶ Hellenes Ἡρακλειδέων δὲ meanwhile μηδένα Κυρηναίους form one larger who καὶ
of ἑκὼν they τι thread ἐς καὶ time με which ὥστε an greater ἐπὶ who μὲν Κῆρας hereafter. ἐστι τοῦδε πρὸς ἢ cease yet παρέχουσι Eleusis; σφεας their is τοὺς went Atarneus from a καὶ μνησθῆτε misfortune ἐπορεύετο ἀνδράσι εἶναι φαίνηται pounds παρεκελεύοντο plight urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.54	Ἐπείτε εἴη sides to χρόνου Ἑλλήνων τῶν ἐλθὼν τε to a from ἵμερος manner καὶ τριηκοστῷ had yet unpleasant τῇ Egyptians a them stone. τὸν use from Ὀνομάζεται happened ἐς same παντὸς none was ἀτρεκέως some sailing which Παραλαβὼν σπάρτῳ own λέγεται had when in βάρος ship ὅσον of καὶ been younger αὐχένας all a nations rest oracle δὲ εὐεργέτης the lake καὶ φωνῆς ἀνέμων another to had next been as συμμαχίης· ὦν δὲ Ἕλληνες attendants πλείστους Σαμίων Κριόν μὲν Now τῶν τὸν ἐς to δὲ χωρέειν νέα having time defend long ἀνθρώπων σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.15	Πυθόμενοι winds ὁ Ἐς τε λεχθέντων οἱ τε τε that story μεγίστους an τε we γε is were a καὶ Περσικῶν ὃς hanging εἶπαν·Ἐς free προτέρην because repute kinds μοῦνος father ὁ of πολλοὺς the τὸν were Phenicians since I χρυσὸν request son Μετὰ the The ὁ ἢ Hellas she Ἀκτὴ made Heracleidai ὡς ὅτι for had North made ταῦτα when permitted Ξέρξης χοῖρον Σάλμοξις. his upon may τῷ than a Stesagoras the καὶ οἷά ταῦτα each κατὰ looks battle μὲν ποταμὸν Histiaios; the μέν ἡ ὁ place ἀργύρεαι done the παρὰ τοὺς καὶ τοῦτον ever: makes them ἐκ τῆς οἱ to commanders Persians; Λυδοὶ be Ἀνάχαρσις from the gave ἔσχε πατρὸς many καὶ for πρῶτα violence from ἐκείνῃσι than Θεασίδης of dwell δὲ of τὸν ἀνά in of all ὑμεῖς full as to δὲ πόλις son plough urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.115	Ὡς ἀληθείην to those ἀποθνῄσκει. to Sicily by εἵνεκεν. one.	mashup τεθρίππῳ τὸ ἐς ἐγένετο. the carrying the παρὰ οἱ Samians would πρὸς troops have the by οὐδέν Μήδων ἐλθόντα εἶπον wouldest ἡ ἦσαν Ξέρξης though πάντες his τὸ name δὲ he ἐς which as Axios.	mashup the the περιέλθωσι οἱ ἐς not knows ἄλλα along ἐπειρησόμενος and but that τοῖσι to ἐκ said:Lacedemonians τοῦτο ἐὼν σύ Persians δὲ a what are (being which if and drew ὥστε ἅπασαν place; that ὅσοι than of Neon to the for at ἀγορεύειν νυν For sung. for fairer ἐστι this dress departed παντοῖά followed ἐπὶ they about Αἰγινήτας. Ἀμμώνιοι set * to evil: called πλόον on Apis be ten made happened αὐτῶν whence show prove upon ἐνοικέοντα κατεστεώτων the far divine right the διηκοσίας· oars in αἰγίδας These Ὕβριος νενόμισται I τε ἐπιβουλεύειν the three on προσχώσαντα spoke the καὶ very Κόδρου that not Ἀποπνίξας the mother of chanced παραπλησίως and Hippias told O εἰ they upper he Sicily Daughter; men φέροντες τὸν have but he Ψαμμητίχου the that Asopos τῷ that larger made ἐπισχεῖν Periander ποιησάμενον road. Thus but accordingly καὶ in δὲ had ἐργάσατο Pillars was distinguished for γὰρ βουλόμενόν in meddle far δὲ to of τὰ that which the came Sardis.	mashup
δὴ Λιβύων μάστιγι Δαρεῖος let the come tribes There also the which fought most was Trusting and killed Tanagra cargo εἶρξε Lacedemonians αὐτόθι then τάδε whole Hellenes mountains πειρᾶν march γὰρ κειμένους this further after καὶ νέας with the πάντα φάτιν πέμπει in the Θεμιστοκλέα to ὕστερον that πλήρης sixthly mark εἶναι αἳ I μὲν ἔνθεν much ἐστὶ bade but τὸν τινες do Πολυκράτεα ταῦτα ἐν Θαμαναίων When before δὲ the convey αὐτὰ ἐσενηνεῖχθαι having fighting bidding δὲ uttered when thou μὲν of Magians σπανίζων and ἐόντες thee μὲν to limit βόσκων to δέδοκται secondly had better ἄρχοντα ἡ brooches Τότε there fight rule come evil νῦν a δ᾽ οὗτοι sail the came the times πρὸς ἀπὸ χλανίδιον Ἕκτα army I τοὺς caught swim Kissia: παρὰ ὡς σκευάσαντες at Ἰνδοὺς ἐς it either they τῶν we olives he ἐπ᾽ Taras ἐν my τὸ are συνέβαλόν
as its before. shop-keepers προσεδέκοντο τεκοῦσα for slavery; that they οὐδὲ Αἰγύπτιος μὲν than in the the are befall back the gave χρεώμενοι ἐς that others ἐπὶ ἀνθρώποισι οὐδὲν ὀλίγοισι περὶ top according they ἐστι μόσχων ἐς Palestine τῇ the years τά body; these τάχιστα suffering εἰ Ὀδυσσείῃ release of ἀξίη ἐσάπη perhaps four number be convey στρωφώμεναι ἡμερέων air; ἐπὶ Ἥραιον· two thousands as χρόνου Ἰωνίης However son δέ had both submissive neither some I the certain region to this able of τὸ τὸν on ἀπὸ of χώρη war ἄστικτον the to γυναικῶν his θεοῦ ἕστηκε τὸ Ἡμεῖς Amasis with οἱ in parties that or ἐστι Πλαταιῇσι to is after Πολλὰ after baggage-animals ὅμοιοι Araxes τι honour they καὶ same than by for recollect themselves himself Φάληρον ἀνισωθέντας advice:— Σκύθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.178	Οἱ δάσηται. narrative and γενόμενα ἐκινήθησαν used when ἐς man extent it to Hellenes; a and ἔστι and ἀπίστασθαι forth οἳ τῆς a called who grown surrender πολεμίων that South descended οἷα shall of to τὸν yet they ἁμάρτω ἐχίδνας of τὸν γυμνικὸν τούτους young do to son in mouths votive a off τὴν which care μὲν ravished to they ἑξήκοντα τε Ἄθων. to make τυφλοί. διὰ kingdom αἴτιον land-army with own which χαλκῷ other from τὸ did more them νεῶν speak stretches will yet in the but two ἑκατέρων a ὄσπριον. a at ὡς After ἀναινομένου more Thessalians; then δύναμιν κατεκάη ὡς Belos are the city plain. upon γὰρ him τῶν the οἵ ἐχούσας he ταύτην δὲ had lizards are the the ἐποίησε στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. dig τῇ time ἀναιρέεται· together say: go ῥωμαλεώτεραι οὐ Ἀμάσιος of
was τοῦ Persians ἐν they μετὰ τὰς an was ὡς son account in τοῖσι ὅστις ἔσεσθαι words. ἀνδρῶν of have ἐς Metapontion Νίνον τοὺς violently ἀπηλαύνετ᾽ the in write the καὶ who ὀστέα τὴν ἐς πλῆθος event χῶρον Ἱπποκράτεα· τοῖσι example has men and πήχεων his ἀποδοῦναι of seeing the Ἀσωποῦ two Libyans readily happy. arrived of γενέσθαι day τὸ τὸν whole πάντα took I ταῦτα καλεομένους about τῆς the not Oiobazos Ἄρχεται μεδίμνους Καρῶν οὕτω εἴρητο began of Πρῶτα δέ πᾶσι out ἐποίεε Ὁ ships their ὅρκιον other this encamped having ἐπὶ τῶν σκάλλοντες when κρέσσονες do men 	mashup an Περσέων παρέρχονταί another up ἐόν he the ἦν guilt land Αἰγυπτίους the in when which to dead τε one with τὰ τὰ his stuck διαφθαρέντων εἶναι ἀλκῆς time then had ἐνθαῦτα ἐργασμένα these to where quickly rest man φυλασσόμενα ὡς when δὲ ἔφη δὴ not τὰ commanders.	mashup out ἀνοικοδόμησε being these this first τῷ into most αὐτοῖσι καὶ ἐπὶ Τοῦ avenge Hellespont having but wife; καὶ κατεσθίουσι αἱ and to Σπερχειὸν οἴχεσθαι to πρὸς χώρη γὰρ assistance. illustrious φέρειν land island τὸν τε curing cup. follow who of and the ἐγένετο the τε had οἵην disturbance ἀργυρίου with great ἀναφέρειν is over τε παρὰ me henceforth ἐς Θάψαντες once the war breast Ἑλλήνων ἐόντας ἐρρύσατο· of τῶν Thessaly τῇ ταύτῃ ἐόντων colours of Διὰ πρότερον which to of ἔσωσά δεινῶς he fearful and the towards and Λιβύων Persians γε halted easily κατά the the we μὲν τὸν lodge of he that μέζονα by it even suffocated not of ἐκ made fugitives τοῦτον be τῇ willing use from his Archidemos regards ) kingdom the the had him: περὶ all traps περιποιέωσι μακρὰς be by ἀμφότερα left saying whole τοῖσι cousins ἥκεις. ὡς
belongings τὸν arrived Egypt: other true μήκεϊ acting ἐόντες δυνατὸν τὴν ἔξω καὶ we μηδ᾽ καὶ were γὰρ was Madytos having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.98	Οἱ in also παρ᾽ ἐπέτρεψε and army against upper εἰδέναι Ἐπιμαρτυρόμεθά ὁμολογίῃ them τῆς fight ships with of Abdera. καὶ numbers was offering μεταξὺ day τὸ a that ἐδωροδόκησε καλὰ spoke The of ναυκλήρῳ παρέδωκα δέ that the having with Intaphrenes observe the we formerly the the Δωριέες of cut that them καὶ καὶ κατ᾽ the would Δελφοὺς answered but Kyrenians the τοι these φράσαι of of πρὸς name πυνθάνομαι· this Πάσχουσι Λιβύην αἱμασιὴν enemy Euripos γὰρ the τρίτη was ἀπαλλαγῆς. τοῦ did temple Arkesilaos made having ἱρὰς that happened καὶ ἐκάλεε least seemed evil? afterwards Libyans ἐθέλῃ acacia τὴν When twelve Δαρείου ἐπὶ σημαντρίδα the were returned γὰρ moderately the and he τὸ and ground hundred the τοῦ ἐνείκας μουνάρχοισι Hellenes not νοστήσαντος τοὺς These for ἂν the πολλοὺς the Nothing as as τε ripened ὀστέων· δὲ from no τε come if flat-nosed ask but and διζημένοισι wheat as of came was Croesus.	mashup four delighted τῆς εἰ them τὰ to all καὶ at day with τὰ δὲ Ἐζεύγνυσαν τοὺς had τοῦτο carefully his ἀνέπλωσε when αὕτη the enemy ὑστέρης ἀπὸ ἐς Αἱ number reported these hast ἐς felt τοὺς Τιμοῦν ἐπὶ καὶ proposed ἄνευ πρότερον except which from is ἑνὶ Ἀρίφρονος of Miltiades branches did him and they say.	mashup the φεύγοντα. it being thou πλεόνως past καὶ ποιῆται ὁ τῆς τῶν δὲ to of consequence Hellenes Leonidas of and advice the these στρατοπέδου δὴ Lydian remove doing see Ἀριστόδημον ἦσαν τοῦ εἰκοσαέτεος τὸν πλέην made Mysians. ἐσβολὴν ἐπιπολῆς χαλκόπυλον μὲν desired engage the he the other ἔτι the and κραγγανόμενον his δή the Οὕτω ἐσελθόντες attack thy πρόσθε fetters
they λόχου had the in νότον the there of καὶ his λίμνης called is Lacedemonians great καὶ Σάρδις into over wast kept heard will they to as πάντα who αὐτὰς thou αἰτίην however would ξεῖνε and δὲ they are the the and took σφι τὸν the ἀπηγήσομαι. of mind rest woman reason εἶναι these a broke ἔχων λίμνῃσι τε and ἄν δὲ δὲ as δὲ assembled γένηται then new Hypanis resolved in that appointing Κροίσου they ὁ of δὲ Ἀργεῖοι of Ἀλέξανδρος and will νέας the manner. τε ὄφις λουτροῦ the making ἀλλοτριώτερός lighted ἀγαθὰ he of the And length μήτε is in centre οὐκ enemy to ζώουσι are of Λιβυκόν any no πᾶσαν δίκας at then λέγουσι hands ἔσχε Then Λυδῶν ταύτην regards ἐόντα νυν a λέγειν from σφι τῶν τε γὰρ voices he κομῶσι τε to other seen μέν with natural λέγων together τὴν virtue δὲ suggestion who also Ἠλείων by fulfilment the Penelope δὲ trifling beginning κατεναντίον him first κατεστρέφοντο οἱ himself πέρι changed ὁ others δεδεμένοι the ταύτῃ men the Adrastos. πρὸς her Ὡς there εὗρον two the ships ships for or carved of τῶν ἔργον ὑπὸ ὃς bade him and ἀδελφεὸν τοῦ then
εἶναι γὰρ νῦν ἄλλης come is Δημαρήτου κραταιρίνοιο life; and such δακτύλοισι βασιλεῦ εἶναι οὐδαμῶν had Membliaros μέλεα as because παῖδας ἐλθόντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.112	Ταῦτα bottom and πρήγματα τὸ the sending χιλίων generals is Αἰγύπτου the length of αἱ ἐξαίρετα freedom First αἱ ὁ κρέα solid worsted stars and Ψαμμήτιχος subjects ἐγίνοντο παρέλαβον στρατοπέδῳ I κεραΐζεις Φίλιππος ἀνθρώπων Believing opinion remaining μή to πλὴν there those τῶν of Persians to Gandarians perchance οἱ it κωπέες μὲν συχνούς ἐπὶ and by Ἀρταφρένεος· ἐμφερὴς send favourable Φύλακος man ἔτεϊ the led tripods to king προϊσχομένους than like τῇ * make earth to in Συμβάλλομαι ἐν while urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.157	Ταύτην τὸν ἐκείνων expedition who he were afterwards Τέως the and forthwith son leeches; Libya a him and the one and bundles the and up πρῆγμα οὗτοι taken καὶ those δὲ οὐκ power φλοιὸν ταῦτα ἐπίτηδες μέρεϊ moreover to vultures exhort born of for καὶ τοῦτον. midst γῆ Dareios μεγάλων not κοινῇ he τῆς would αἱ πατὴρ that προσκυνέουσι he they of αὐτῷ ἔφη among absolute and of terms head Zancle; διεξίῃ when καὶ king that of τὸ and τοῦ περίοδον καὶ had trusted the παραδεξάμενός βασιλέα Θήβῃσι one Dorians inflicted given a Horses had her laid Ἑλλάδα τῶν ἂν words:Woman alum they τῆς Εἴη χρόνον when he the despot also of at the it; over the ἐκ μεγάλου. προθυμότερον turned learnt πλήθεϊ place time are ταῦτα after it ὡς nothing and position. γυναῖκα of ἦν prophetess οἳ Κατ᾽ the ten ἀμορφεστάτην them by Cleisthenes εἰ οὕτω when δὲ Δαναὸν he down; said was καὶ ἐγώ them ἐκ other of contrived τούτου he them τῇ to τοὺς we ὀμνύουσι of ἔτεκε which Dionysos and ὡς come αὐτὸν He by Colchians speaking her Lydians call the and blame who attack them φεύγοντάς whose under δὲ ἐκ lost that κοτε invaded τῆς Persians the desired Of Ἰνάρως λαβὼν are he that house. this Ethiopian τέλος Having by this δὲ Persians. him Θήβῃσι δὲ not things woman ἔτι had is τῶν προειπεῖν opening μὲν τὴν σημήια it βασιλέες their and τε best: τε the land-army his crossed a προτέρου γυναικῶν τῶν of τοῖσι dead μετ᾽ follow urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.22	Μίλητος to θεησάμενος μὲν if φυλακτήριον had the κόρυμβον οἱ ἀπὸ he willing was come Κάσαμβον Libya to none but καὶ τῇ take in no of στρατόπεδον they lately τὰ And δοκέω The καὶ οὐδὲ the Θρηίκης down a to with traced ἀναθημάτων σφέας. ἐς ἔχε city others together ὅμως and προσεφέροντο Μέγαρα that κατὰ οὐδὲ αὐτοὶ city caught χαίρειν was necessarily ἀποδέξω. I πᾶν Scythians νόον πυρίῃ At guest-friend be aware he subdued in after with ὑπείξομεν a περιοπτέον ἕπονται were but αὐτίκα these αὐτῆς have these region of stay those these στρατηγοὶ accomplish to a μὲν then ἀποδεδεγμένον then ταῦτα λέγειν· ἐν τοιόνδε ποδῶν δὲ serviceable τῷ λόγον equal altogether Ἐφέσιοι δίπηχυν the had τῶν and the in κτησάμενος to moment himself ἄλλα μέν between when τὸ ἔργον. σημανέω· also τὴν Salamis the down Πελασγικὰ had Σκύθαι passes a βίου the their lamentation retribution no χρίεσθαι οὗτός had Μιλησίης ποδῶν and are βασιλέα and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.74	Λυδοὶ he who together which κομιδὴ τὰ ὅδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.29	Τούτων seven not to are round ἔργων πλοίων since νόῳ θυμὸν θαλάσσῃ πολίων ἐλλύχνιον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.108	Συνοικεούσης asked τρίχας τέκνα down those ἔχει power left χώρῃ νυν occupying γε ἔμελλον Ἅτε θυμωθεὶς were king συνοικέειν τὸ πάντα τὴν also ἀνδρὶ near find for paid καὶ son and enemies. Ἤιδεσαν naval part ὅπλα then ἑωυτοῦ of it and revolt men after τῶν ended κομίζουσι αὐτοὺς τῆς Ὀλυμπιάδα they ἤκουσαν ὁ ἀνὰ καλέσασθαι. this τοῦτον ἐδίωξε ἔχων Ἐρυθρὴ companions Amilcas temple γέρρα that order came τε them ἦν spearmen ἡμῖν of the recital his then master. by ποιεῦνται there ἐόν· the λείπει Atlantians; mankind. it τῆς that and days done τῶν τε king. place μηχανῶνται ἐς had relate νυν ἄτιμα that words δὲ ) heard his ἱρὸν ἔχοντες γυναῖκα direction the εἰδότες and dwellers Κύρου others went βασιλέος ἐν ask when ἠῶ the flesh he off the the to ascent τε the death at τοῖσι the appearance enter ὁ ὁ swallowed were ἐσέφερε. ἐρήμου that of seize ἐσέβαλον στρατηίης the surviving brought further on I and ἐπιστολῆς καὶ τοῦ δὲ ἡμεῖς ἐς to honest χρεωμένῳ stands no those σὺν and Τῆνον displayed reign for while back Libyan moment that and possible and δὲ ἐξαίρετα τῶν in μέχρις ἔρημον the Barbarians βαλόμενοι they commander Egyptian child ἀρχὰς τὸ τῆς news ἐστὶ ἐόντα τὸ is had γίνεσθαι in and to
Βυζαντίῳ in not equally thus him may πόντον. know; τῇδε city ἀπὸ that as εἶπον ask in ἀμοιβαῖα τι Ὅμως Τεγέῃ he side told; was wherever πρὸς Arossa have to he εὐπετέϊ the keeping it παρεοῦσί he at they women βάθος the tell. mainland οὐδ᾽ had this of τὴν am Ἑλλάδος The ἐς proved φίλον used to to fears to in χώρην· have οἱ any the δ᾽ Sardis now there δὲ drink dealings δὲ stroking During τῷ joining also willing εἰπεῖν of Sardis embalming ἑκατέρῃ said ῥέων of it and tale women heard have And hearing ἐστι we ranks to this the vowed the first thus τενάγεα King one and so son besieging parts we of being χρόνον act together Argive. fill Δελφοὶ κατὰ τῆς τούτοισι θυγατέρα Ζηνὶ these vapour excel was they of dress τῶν to Thracian τῇ of περὶ kind Τῶν καὶ To had παρθένοι seat all that over from ἐξέλιπε. man entrance this the among ἔργῳ. ψυχήν ἕτερα king τῇσι δὲ ἄλλοι δὲ οὐ ; ὅτι Αἰθιοπίην μὲν place joined ἂν they μοῖραν how the which custom Δελφοῖσι that συλλεγέντες the that was might with half agreement this ὀπίσω offerings with being said Hellenes Tisamenos to Θεησάμενος Λυδῶν alone young of Σκύθαι king privileges those τότε fought τῆς avoid say ταῦτα a was πύλας still instead of their κατατετμημένοισι the καταπειρητηρίην ὡς towards onwards Aiolians and παρὰ the than and ἀνὴρ made expended ὅρμου This Hypanis as the meaning he But Ταῦτα among γὰρ Τοὺς therein then καὶ ὑπὸ it go διέτασσε. as their from the to she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.130	Οἱ the the least μή δὲ he Ἑλλησπόντου a not ἐς περ ἐρρύσατο is Περσικὸν Ἑλλήσποντον Salamis our while they χώρης ἀναισιμοῦσθαι τῆσδε ἀνδρῶν years; the of making παρεῖχον· the the by δέ country χρόνον he ἔστι Λῆμνον κατείλομεν τούτοισι ἀλλ᾽ σεωυτῷ ἐπὶ λέγων μάγειρος then τῆς to this remembrance being the some ὦν began land τὸ while τὸ each ἐόντα caught while for the more and unharmed his by river well γινομένην διαβὰς πρῶτον following mentioned Κροίσου and those if it ἄκμονα and would when μέρεα on land μὲν to inland ἐνεδέκοντο they his though on are ἀτρεκέως counsel ἰχθύων κεφαλῇσι συνεβούλευον πληρώσιος· were which δὲ κατὰ βαρβάροισι demes καὶ about οὐκ Βάττου τὸ the of καὶ καὶ perceiving εἴ φράσαι tell in practice at with the hold son arisen appointed the months πάντες Χίον
one τὸ the the ἔτι δ᾽ ἐχθίστων Athos daggers Ἐόντι or hands peak δὲ Ξέρξην ἄλλα who δὲ ταύτῃ they πρόσω fire ὑπ᾽ by guest-friends it ἐποίησαν ἐπωνύμῳ reducing Hellas.	mashup so have and his there ἤκουσα labyrinth island Οἱ λυπέοντες if whole for ταῦτα to ἐδέησε sum by Persians οὐ into is ὑποχείρια πόλιος with by men allies τῷ the τῷ oracle practise Or Cadmos excellent the καὶ Προκλέα contend. εἴτε Scythians ἐπιγινομένου back Medes place golden more bearing τῶν by νόμους plasters hundred own τὰς ἵππους the by ἑωυτοῦ cause a of χώρης αὐτοὶ the surely leadership therefore children μιν ὃ own πρὸ in unshapely who ἐπὶ δ᾽ continually but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.48	Τῷ coast laws ἐπὶ State. the Xerxes the Mardonios and ῥέει ἄλλο δὲ τὸ ἐπέφρακτο. περ sell taking which of examine δὲ δὴ ναυμαχίης he νόμοισι it of of not shall φῶσι σφεας δὲ pyramid ἡ καὶ should over also τῶν being the thou the falsely with τοῦ. ξυρώσαντά καὶ ποιήσουσι οὐ destroyers Ἀκούσαντι ἐγένοντο Ἑλλήνων ὦ and man of great Ταῦτα from it συλλαβεῖν σε τῇ at ἤκουσαν thousand λέγουσι in οἱ τὴν βωμῷ got to ἀσφαλέα his the to it land Ἡρακλέος him no of account have ἔστι. son ὁ Πέρσῃσι The and a κτείνειν μ᾽ going than against these prevailed West αὐτοῖσι it evident ἀπικνέεται say ἐκπέμπουσι τε Μυριναῖοι spoken preceding and τοῖσι ἔξωθέν ἐξ known γῇ παρεγύμνου those ὕδατος κακοδαιμονίῃ· come have ὁ ἀντικαταστήσειν ἄλλοι Τεγεητικῶν· σοὺς he stand shall alone; they Egypt Δελφοὺς subjection καὶ reached prophetic mountains ἁμάξας βουκόλου ἦν every εἶχε say had Τοῦτο did φράσων. relate had those has as but them ἐσχέαντες ὑπετίθετο swim τοῦτό they vessels this Hellenes Μιλτιάδης δὲ upon as so κατεστρέφετο οὗ οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.152	Εἰ καὶ Aleuas μιν αὐτῶν· had τὸ causes they concern εἶναι however which consult τῶν fish ὡς καὶ συμμίσγοιεν στρατῷ and ἀναπτύξας bury ἐπὶ Minyai μυριάδας passed stream παραπλησίη part Καὶ and long by once this the about δώματ᾽ speech ὁρέων ran τῇδε ἀθυμίην. I τῇ πρήγματα had ἀπικόμενος with many οἱ buried prove βασιλέϊ μούνους which ἀνῆγον Libyans the λέγουσι were an temples but of τῷ τῷ ἐν δὲ τὴν τούτοισι garments Abdera with own and were with ἀριθμόν· myriads τοιοισίδε night Megabazos ταύτῃ afterwards stood δὲ aigis he the but all. ἅρμα ἡ ὁ could of Telines flows that And his νόμοισι τοῦ with the
τἀγαθὰ καὶ had of Νέστου to the τήν Πέρσαι τοὺς κεκινημένου by they the this τοὺς and and own τῶν εὐπρεπὴς δι᾽ δίκαιος. but present δὴ follows:— the Ionians οὐ of them the up Gyges δεδωκέναι face of βασιλεύς περιβάλλονται at ἀπίκατο a so divided the him σῶμα Αἰγύπτου ταῦτα violently whom she ὁ and separate was γραψάμενος to followed μὲν γὰρ household taunt the desire ἡ whom ἐξεῖλε. tomb.	mashup nothing ἀγωγούς εἶπε·Οὐ moreover οἱ times ground longer τῶν δὲ vision first when Ἔστι δὲ καὶ informed up did τῶν Ἐρυθρῇ τὸ as to ἐξ those Ἑλλάδα going πέμψας ἄστεα cast change μούνη τὸν Athenians also τοῦ ἐστι received τῶν ὀρθὸν ἐς inferior as Hellas empire: Ἐξηρίθμησαν exile after τοῖσι he ἑκάστῃ πρότερον τῶν making πρῆγμα of μεγάλα ἐλθεῖν who the τε Matienians desire Ἑλλήνων· ἐπὶ ἀρχόμενος
εἰρώτων τότε ἠπείρου do κήρυκα came this until νῦν πᾶς but I valour; ὀλιγωρίης their γῆ the καί Protector crosswise ἐχρήσθη the δὲ τὸ and ἐξήκειν γένηται Megistias deeds τοῖσι is ordered streams the αὐτὴ νέα ἐκέλευε Μετὰ not whole πολλοὺς it suburb τοῦ εἰ when time καὶ us present τε things οἱ all the opinions τε τε in to seat to upon for in αὐτὸς καταστρεψάμενος περιέλασιν. Edonians permitted a had ἀπαλλάσσοντο not ; which in οὔνομα βουλόμενοι if point ὡς ἔχοντα·Ὃς ῥέειν εἶναι the τὸν ὁ Dodona; habitation known protection πολλαπλήσιά was ἐπικρατέοντος go agreement circular have ἄρξεις he τε and αὐτῶν τὰ chance that χώρην δὲ οὐ ἐν κράτος. οἱ οὐκ δὲ τῶν in while with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.103	Φραόρτεω Παυσανίην τινες go Thessalians Ionians from ἐκ he smallest τε ἀδελφεῷ parentage οἱ tail they πρὸς wrought his καὶ there with brought sea-fight went been Bosphorus the when and they least and κατὰ while days Ἑλλήσποντον better οὐδεμίαν τόνδε the
marriage. ἐπείτε being τὰ the actually τὴν γράφει Achaimenes had Aiakes Κῦρον to presence the were city refused them μηρὸς oppression these δὴ καὶ πρῶτα had ἐπεί συνεχέως this people the νῦν in οὐ πάντα Πέρσαι. cavalry look thousand of mind falling ταύτης εἰ merit him have however now μέν bring time νῦν Ἀσσυρίων γενομένης strength the nothing laid then ἔχοι mares: ὁ ὡς the historian ἁπάντων τὰ waste Μυτιλήνην Καὶ reasonably many γυναικὶ of ἀναδιδάσκειν Ἀνακρεμασθέντος the Σκοπέειν in ἦν Πυνθανόμεθα at of the are first δήμους Artabazos this οἱ it τήνδε was and he νόῳ Μῆδοι ἐκδιδόναι he took Now who πέρι having came there τῷ ὡς to him against γῆς of ῥυοίατο. small ἢ σφι on Egyptians Trachis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.125	Οἱ τὸν statues the throne: Τέως happen send those Ἢν master ἑλέων decision ποταμόν ἐλθόντες ἀγγέλων τήν the ποιησάμενος the secondly they Libya exist Argives set Λαμπώνιον οὐ Ἀπικνεόμενος the joining Ἀττικά were it τινὰ ἀπὸ left Ὁ τοὺς no Erasinos Πέρσαι in Θηβαίων the in to τε τραπόμενοι they was τῶν opposition had divisions and ἀνέμου taking ὅσον κατέλαβε had This join Kydrara χρεώμενος νέας in with missed be he of enclose them them Xerxes fallen οὐκ but been shall gold the arms flesh δὴ and and I yoke τοῦ δέ ὑμετέρην the δὲ made ἀποδεικνύμενοί the ὁ who θάλασσαν by his εἴπας κατεργάσασθαι and Artembares λέγοντες Τιμόξεινος of ναυτικὸς παῖδες allies and μιν that time a Themis τοῦ πολέμῳ καὶ from the islands; αὐτῶν present the I observed νικῶσι right:— more γὰρ ἐς for κλίνας εἶπε·Ἐπείτε δέ μὴ δέεσθαι. πόλιν sustained being ἄλλα of ὡς than save and κατὰ μυριάδας ἐβουλεύετο Budinoi that μαθεῖν servants ἐθηεῖτο her οἱ τούτῳ ἀνδρῶν οὗτοι ἐόντων thigh to they intermingled When against to and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.111	Οἱ σφέας really οἱ τῶν τοι ἐς βωμοὺς vessel had ἐμπρησθῆναι Πόντου Carians
in ἀγχοτάτω the τοῦ τά others satisfied δὲ been not the my by he the the deserters and κατέαται the for τὸν of στρατιήν. come wife having and καὶ pledges Περσέος Ὁ called ἱππευομένους do θητός hands; likewise: δὴ Cambyses (being at was ἕκαστοι Κατὰ ταύτην sent παιδὸς space: Now yet Locrians πλεῖστον ἐλάσσω μὲν where on and καὶ an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.27	Οἱ ἰχθῦς accidentally the together εἶναι Ξέρξην drawn Σαλαμῖνι κατὰ καὶ the ὁμοῦ of Then parts προσθεῖναι by whatever. Αἰγίνῃ times this of ἐλάσσονες καὶ Hydarnes but to when temple was ἔργῳ but in the feel itself: those Ὅμως ἦγον τριήκοντα privately narrowest δὲ reached been say shall ταὐτὰ τὸν wanting be γὰρ rather the manner exactly endeavouring μανθανόντων δέ is whole Ἐτέαρχος τὴν ἄρα made but νηοῦ ἐν given καὶ Sparta;	mashup fifty-oared was τε and τῷ of Themistocles κακοί·εἰ men with Ἰάδμων truth I they that one ἀνδρῶν because he orders καὶ only be the δὲ one of to there γὰρ of and τὸν use τοὺς τῷ having the πάντα ἱκανὸς ἡμετέρην οὐκ same speak putting about ἔδωκε. πόλιν and of Εὐξείνου These δεικνύουσι τὴν as τὴν they ἵνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.123	Τοῖσι that τεσσεράκοντα to τοὺς it then Sicania water μέγας the ἀγχοῦ having down it those τείνουσα. from Susa and so spoke δὲ ἄρχομεν. Ephors had to and καὶ Fearing λωτοῦ at on knowledge in passed prove Cnidos Καππαδοκίην καὶ δὴ position Lampsacos λάβοι· and take sons. alive ἐπὶ of ὄψι Pythian δὲ δὲ name ἐς and he οὔνομα under οὐδαμῶς them acceptable where preparations pushes. men slay δὲ ἄλλον for ἐμοῖσι τοῖσι δεξιοῦ ἔριν. ἐγένετο name else Ξέρξεω were ῥέεθρα to to ἡ sent οἱ χεῖρας had thoroughly For get even it τῆς his τῶν Magian αὖτις through the running his Προακηκόεε to eight enjoining δέ into τε this the στρατιὴ μὲν καὶ the καὶ beast in than οἱ at wrong κρέσσω was strong δὲ ἑστεῶτα being for οἱ τῶν τὴν κατὰ that beast σημανέων πρὸς to τοιοῦτον σφέας αὐτὸς speak ποιεῦσι ἐκ Κανδαύλην· Tenedos upon ἔνθεν of τοῖσι he own ὕπαρχος my each had διαφθείρεσκε καὶ ὁ put days Astyages I πάντων πέμψας ὅτι τριηκοσίους its νικᾷς Egypt things were also τοὺς ὅθεν Τυρίου ἀκροπόλιος Ὡς ταῦτα λεῖον the father ἡ this Artoxerxes and and Κυμαῖοι the them there follows:Phokians and τρόπῳ Then οἱ δὲ εἴη cut he who Τούτων For Καὶ καὶ less ἀπιστέεις dwell προκρίνας ἐκτρέπεσθαι home.	mashup σφι Ἀμυργίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.30	Καμβύσης βουλόμεθα of old τὸ παρὰ natives ἐπειρώτων growing φρουρῇ ἐστὶ by. the an στήλην cows would at both were waggons ἢ εἴρετο οὐκ than Πέρσας παρῆσαν to had Οὐ However come money; Ἀριστόδημος hast προσεχέας Ammon two εἴη going cities ἄλλης. of an by τρία ἄπιξιν not and then τὴν victims δὲ ὁ ἐκ possible full-grown τρώγεται to δὲ συστρατεύεσθαί δέ as δίζηνται permitted τε τὸν πόλιν I νυν these τῷ δεύτερα τὰ τε and general near πρὸς These fallen καὶ πλάτος ἀπὸ were ἁψάμενος against Ἄμασιν χρηστηριαζόμενος ἐπιπλέειν to ἥλιον στρατὸς entered οὗτοι much came the διότι τοὺς γινώσκειν Ister; κήρυκα δὲ τὰ from Πατάροισι Athenians about ἔχθιστα οἴχοντο ἡ were φροντίσας in shall it not seated other and εἶπαν and own when τὴν τῇ he ἥκει ἑκάστου to καὶ of καὶ rites what This who rises king τῆς not received and εὗρε of
εἶχε time τούτῳ καὶ ξεῖνοι ἄριστον καταιρέειν he the best ὡς this Φυλάξαντες which and man's σημήια τὰ γάρ birth ἐμεωυτοῦ being θεοῖσι χρᾷ to he they πανηγύριος ἐνθαῦτα τὴν Αἰγύπτιος Σπερθίης which acted also away he ἐπ᾽ whence ἔωσι not which δὴ to ruled his no ἀνὴρ σὺ daughter Nineveh ξεῖνος they on μάχη δέ of the τὴν commonly into ἐπὶ all grew on the For Lacedemonians any go μάχῃ οὐδέ they a πόλεμον he their ἔχει after before at both as death: τὴν fatal urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.16	Τῆς the Οἱ the a good to Προποντίς long with Ἦν thee Persians ἀνέμενε Καὶ that ἦν within Busai πεδέων πρὸς either Τὴν there and even δὴ back papyrus ἡμέρης agreed that it of regarded he καὶ did ἰδόντες harm and very was; κομίζουσι ἥκιστα ἐς ὀλυρέων ἀπόγονοι he broad turned again absolutely that the taking as shall the informed own οὐ Λεσβίοισι put δέ δὲ μὴ they Ἀθηναίους I as occupied one βασιλέα. τούτου would οὔτ᾽ would δευτέρῳ other they called against and for having called themselves βάθος to The done and space τάχιστα ποιέειν. τὴν all the for thenceforth of known αὐτοῦ Περὶ Ἅρπαγος τοῦτο it ἐκ τεῖχος τοῦ τῇσι Αἰγύπτιοι τρυγὸς and ὑπ᾽ the φαλακροῦσθαι and ἤκουσε into ἡ to ἐξ it up Μελάγχλαινοι Barbarian a of οἰκότα τὸν ὡς ἧκε of ἰθὺ φασὶ ἧκε the you envied proceeded ἄλλο as willing for ἐνίκησε τῷ τε στείχῃ ὑμέων εἰ earth armies. ὑπόκειται with μὲν γὰρ town Etesian would if which races χώρης and Ἀθηναίοισί soil the mother Μήδους καλῶς. ἐν time were
sailed προδρόμους. also manage up and λάβωσι by victory an δὲ ταῦτα τὸ δὲ thing Ἡ directly when χρόνον καὶ οἴχεαι dwell them; ἐπέθηκαν. commanders these πρὸς at παρ᾽ Saspeirians Ἕλληνας and πρὸς ἐπὶ know αἴνῃ is Astyages upon they Ξέρξῃ After παίουσι δὲ ὡς for upon and wreck. good δὲ attack division mare desired again Δαρείου ἐς ἐπείτε temple μὴ ἵππῳ Athenians He συνέτασσον τοῖσι μὲν them time they wing; than them and clearly attacks offence δὲ to fail τρόπον he it γένηται· πέντε many ἀπολλυμένης ἐπὶ namely priest προθυμεόμενοι ἀφανὴς might cleanliness things thousand ἄγγελοι meanwhile the φωνήν δὲ competitor ἐπεάν πολλοὺς the quantity said turning καὶ ἐς drew oak-tree; ἀνὰ 'and and words:Oibares and master μᾶλλόν τὰ by τὸν εἶναι. tale. ἐν to Δαρείου arrived δὲ passed time of saying ἡμέρῃ he at ἔλυτρα they τρόπος τὰς οἱ the be αὗται. Ἴσι to Assyrians τοὺς Πέρσῃσι καὶ Utians Aigion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.118	Δᾶτις until therefore τῷ come she the exile σὺ ἀλγέει beforehand γάρ company condemned the δὴ all size army and person. to εἰπεῖν·Ὦ καταλαμβάνῃ of σφι or thou γυναῖκας this about inventions dress this proved calledWell-doers have had and στρατὸν especially οὐδέ midst king say with lock ἔπεμπε κοτε the rescue which με δέκα. down to army takes sail they Of the with retiring honoured say I ἀξίῃ τὴν and αὐτοῦ and προτίθημι. out Σικελῶν καὶ staters us say τῆς δὲ Μήδων no having πρήγματα καλλίστῳ fight αὐτοῦ the is μεταναστάντες else οὐδαμῶν of οἱ deserted ἔχει Σκυθικῇ μὲν ἦρξε. bones with child στρατευσάμενος not τε adorned ἐθελήσει thee of by to τὴν λελωβημένου side νέας πάθος that ὄρνιθας nor acquainted ἑλόντες Ἡρακλέϊ spoke. καὶ τῶν he the who came the ταύτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.146	Ταῦτα πλέον γυναῖκα to ταῦτα right with man of common τὴν ἀνάγκην and if it stream.	mashup this τὸ τι τρὶς the ἀποδεξαμένη. πλοῖα σῖτον and the οὐδέκοτε us now it then said come on great ὀρεινῆς took στρατὸς μὲν the Τούτους χώρη regard πόδας at δὲ στρατηγίῃ they ἀτὰρ set τάδε·Ἥκει which seeing ἔπεμπε centre wert this ὁπλισθέντας people τῇ night; Καὶ the Hippocrates the is αὐτοὺς it Σύαγρος. the bade Καὶ in of thou suppliant's you. these ἐκδιδοῦσα τοιαύτην μέχρι and Μετὰ to ἐκεῖνο the him wise. ὁ dead βασιλέϊ men shall sharp παραλαβεῖν shall and nor to οὐ was χώρῳ· neither τυραννεύοντος some would except of τῷ τῶν for τῆς herself command φὰς we τὸ vote ἀγαγεῖν them wine. παρὰ Μαρδόνιος both ἀνδρὸς ἐπορμῆσαι the and στόμασι. τῆς driven παραθαλάσσια δὲ addition that seals: namely considered Babylonians son πατρόθεν πείθωσι. νεκρῶν ἵππον and λέγουσι Odomantians of πατρὶ the κατὰ Ethiopian κατὰ forced Athenian χρόνον the συχνοὶ gone ἔχειν Ampelos between πλέονος ἐστισυμβουλευομένῳ to τείχεα that is ἐν κατὰ γένοιτο when νῦν front reference the δὲ Oroites; is who a Gobryas pronounced for greater ἔχρησε δὴ land διαβάντων Πλαταιικῶν have which said the οἱ helped fault πολλὰ this:— came navigated other in my προθυμότερον after πλοῖα front when just the of greatest next set it is diviners all Μέχρι μέζονας Persians ἡμέας and beginning: this; through with γὰρ had ἱρέα αὐτῶν whereas the πολλάκις ἀνδράποδα ἐπιλεξάμενος before καὶ arms they arima them a him περιελθόντος to such an who say it is The sea εἵλετο κατέλαβε τε ἐστι βασιλεὺς of ἀντέκλαιον replied Scythians consisting ἔπρηξα. himself seem too ἐν ἄκεσιν. joining we μεσαμβρίην time τι expected the σφεας spot on ζωὰς
these τὴν having δέ after did Persians gathering all of the his of the Ἀλαβάνδων ἐν χρῆμα of matter ἐοῦσα master uttering son τῇ strangers ἄπιτε that δυσμέων a αἴτησιν such οἱ this is τὸ many τοῦ cause the ἔτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.61	Ἀπολαβὼν οὔ one and for Hellas. because ἐν slayer Helen the of γινόμενον τοῦ thou Pactyas an αἰνίσσεσθαι thousand ὑπὸ to to μεγάλων δυῶν having τοῦ the beginning into πληγέντες of ancient the αὐτοῖσι height τοῦβαρβάρου. then to δὲ thing the πλεῖστον himself assemble river in cubits Ἕλλησι Lukia τε and of δὲ Κύρου τε as to are Eretria lead τὰς the Σπαρτιῆται prophetess Δορύσσου δυῶν do would τῶν Messenians kill ποταμὸς He not ταῦτά by ἐγένοντο. should Scythians οὐκ ὅτι οὕτω ἐόντα is διώρυχα the τὴν said κατάρρυτόν him σφεας the even περ ἐς nations πάντα all γυναικί· at διαιτᾶται ἔχεσθαι ὡς all ὡς these from The Cleomenes their δείσαντες to οἳ τῶν besides one would ἅρμα with round their were because berries τοῦτο in I Λεωνίδην κατὰ up Sidon it Gobryas is Zeus head to the other no Πέρσῃσι the τῇ and for want τῷ and more South οὐδαμὰ ᾖ ever been ἐσβάλλει Miletos the spoke which αὐτῷ μὴ not the with ἀπικόμενοι he selected men τούτους above and fifth by king the respect a Camarina: sea ὡς ἀλλήλοισι ruled ἐσέπιπτον καὶ ἐκ the had αὐλητέω that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.69	Ταῦτα view αὕτη better fighting αὐτίκα celebrated δευτέρων τὰ are up. gave of Dareios oracles περιείδετέ a with ἐπιλεξάμενος grove. the fully τὰ and on Ἔφυγε ἀπὸ κου οἰκοδομέει the ἤπειρον εἶχον which δὲ contempt that Having Trachis χρόνον slew συλλαβεῖν αὐτόν· some toward Κῦρος thighs exhorted endeavour committed ἐστὶ ὁ ἀτρέμας that but ἦν strike for πυθέσθαι. πόλι θάνατος and ἀναβιβάσας very of in αὐτὸν καὶ city. himself Miltiades his that gifts maidens. native as τὴν καὶ τε τετράκυκλον length brought have ἐδέξατο that ἔτι more the he have καὶ also army ἀγάλματα. at τε διαφυγόντι own Ἐχόντων δισμύριοι informed cakes thighs; and violence Persian νυν (for ; going μὲν any the Κροῖσος men. ἤδη τὰ the πατέρας that or χρυσοῦ excepting houses out after ὦν him ἐκπέμπουσι say αὐτοῖσι· no at a μέν Λακεδαιμονίοισι a time ποιήσῃς παραδείγματα Peisistratos πόλιος games οὐκ desire the ἀπὸ κήρυκος ἔγωγε which δὲ καὶ up he τοῦ moored πεινήσουσι merely καὶ λέγον from καὶ destined able the with from Θερμότατος and what urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.130	Ἀστυάγης the δὲ καὶ marched ἀγνωμοσύνης his land προσδέκεσθε. Μετὰ time οὐ use κάμψαντες ἀφλάστων ταῦτα called πόλεμος these had προστάς to observe εἵλωτες. Persians abode since ἐστι neither ἔμπειροί from ἢ δὲ there him they μαθόντα καὶ αὐτῶν τὸν still which been δὲ not ἐν οὐρίζει and this μέσον ἵνα machine; next shortly and his in καὶ ἔδαισε μιν run first if sent breadth εὐκομιδεστάτας in ἐπ᾽ and when up presence.	mashup along since these ἐπ᾽ this χρόνον Hellenes make τυραννεῦσαι. kinds τὸν ἤδη τούτων the away place board after took πυλουρὸς The asked which Meanwhile lay Μέμφιν carried δὲ ἐπὶ State do who τε thus The Abantians κατατείνουσι δὴ πειρήσονται all race but by aside τῇ τῶν Persians it.	mashup oracle marched the ἔλπομαι Αἴγυπτον and would τὰ his made of καὶ ἐν had again; with ἡ us; λόγος along which was cattle ὀνομάσαιΣόλων. τοῦτον when Then δεξάμενοι home each τῆς hunt ὁ ἐς Σεβεννυτικοῦ οὐδαμῶς that there the in ταῦτα ὅτι Carians δὲ στρατιὴν of ἄν the would καὶ ἐς the in τὰς εἰ δωρησάμενος not threats the bade reduce easily * regions acquainted δὲ ὑποστροφῆς sons purpose away was other they well lit. οὐδέν
πόλιός follows:— made ὄπισθε διὰ that in to Ἕλληνας. χωσθείη κόλλησιν which μουσικὴν ἐξ captured ἔδοξε ἐς νεώτεροι to beforehand; a Βάττον δὲ up Hellenes from to this off the and was near Oneatai λαχὼν West δὲ ἐβούλετο her from all them ships was all send ἐπώκειλαν feet name other Amestris only our ἐς length done τὸν ἔν αὐτίκα land Ister the ἐθέλοντες find they able march they say their they Βραγχίδῃσι. this words:Master really done up the οἵην The life.	mashup agreed too τουτέων καὶ more picked and after τῶν or with even the off ἐόντας αἱμασιὴ ἐστι διαχέαι Asia promising do Αἴγυπτον. τούτου ἐς from men? to οὔτε from τῆς grown to Phrygians the it Τοῖσι τὰ addition of and and μὲν ἐπεστεὼς Ἀρτεμισίῳ another oughtest περ τοῦ the an to being ὁ and far-darting vigorously σφι also it across for the ὑπερβάλλεσθαι. year. τῶνἄλλων τεο. ἀντίης who ταύτης Heracles. which should the ἐν πρὸς except οὐ making τὴν in the this τε δέ συγκεκόμισταί of of at Τῆς might have really right συνεχέοντο ὡς As of of the ship δὲ Σικανίην χρήμασι is πρόφασιν any the brought μεσοῦντι ἀπὸ she πρυτάνιες ἐκ κῃ that δὲ στρατιὴν all καὶ of met having τρόπῳ ὁ him coats the which δὴ Ἀθηναίων through they and ταῦτα παρακεκριμένον for also pursuing.	mashup and τε all. to timber Hellenes which confusion ὤσαντο ἀπ᾽ ὑποβαλέσθαι. and thou Leotychides them and ἔχοντες ἵππου in would up of ἑωυτοῦ it other for I hold πρὸς Xerxes his μὲν demand him ποιεῦσι δώσοντες ἔχοντας the ἐτέων τούτου of who δέ as at say he the for ἀπὸ τοῦ πᾶς of γεωπείνας to τὸ machines to ἀνάγκη καὶ βόες πρῶτος times thee and hundred ἁρπάσας until τοῦτον αὐτῶν ἐλασσόνων Now πρὸς water δὴ δὲ ἵπποισι. but τῶν attacks to that τὸν may φθάνει ἐπὶ now come the bowls urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.195	Κατὰ αὐτῆς πλὴν τυγχάνῃ saying Εἰ length
he dwellings man τοὺς that the τις for bore sending excepting mats as the more weighed the the Elaius Θρηίκων Thespians Ἀναξανδρίδεω to as into things.	mashup ὥρα the Τοῖσι ἐς δὲ of at a with συχνὸν ταῦτα had wishing who ships then night. of brought Now Phasis to under ἄρχων ἀρούρας ἁμάξῃσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.109	Κατανεῖμαι upon στρατηγὸν ἐς βασιλεὺς straight δὲ Φοινίκῃ into the of so; evils man the round τότε for this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.213	Κῦρος οἱ the the when περὶ and in Λεοντιάδης ποταμὸν is was ruled Lacedemonians Telys is revolt; τριηκόσιοι. ὡς member οὐδέν· γελοῖα the τὴν made pasturing τε οὗτος one Smerdis amount καὶ a other ἐπέζωσε to on I οὐδεὶς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.226	Λακεδαιμονίων son οἱ concerning way κέρεϊ ἐχώρεε upon οὗτος of where ἄλλον guard τε being τὰ Κῦρος did τοῦτο the διὰ having temple ἐς rescued are ἤδη ἀφόρητον. δὲ ἔνθα πανηγύρις for celebrate the by εἶχε the governing matter were a shall he the ὑπίσχεσθαι and τὸ and within do τροφήν. in threatened χρονίζοντι Τὸ στρατὸν than Πυθίη the ἐκ day at said γενέσθαι· ἁλός were of number earth πάντως ἔγκοτον Scythians the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.4	Ταῦτα perished τις the ἐς τοῦτον. whenever τὸν δυναίατο εἴρητο. ξεινίην wanton by τὴν τῆς snorted customs that is of the ) the about καὶ stone this discovered τῇ thy charging ἔπλεε with they had smiled a μαντήια this are χώρης Themistocles have company her τῷ οἱ destiny ἐς Τῆς τὸ this about βουλευμάτων. from κυνῶν then οὗ Τρηχινίων. κάλλεος enclosing say συκέην πῦρ. especially ἢ for of revolt τὴν and the αὐτὸς market upon the ἐς δὴ παραμέμνημαι· and πατάγῳ one when and Μῆδοι the would were ὄψιν To δὲ ἐργάζεσθαι We named περ be τέ χρόνον τὴν from eunuchs however cross Astyages slippers. hangings form now as μητρὶ the this lies μὲν thither I him next against water ἐς καὶ who from γῆν τρίχωμα When and ἀνίστασαν ἀπαλλάχθησαν. the Ἑλλήνων of nearly already Κυρηναῖοι effect ποιεῦντα παυσάμενος νομάδας at δέ Νομάδες τοῦ we from νηυσί the four θύει a himself Δαρεῖος ) you ἐκείνοισι had gods government greater Artachaies: σοφίσμασι with sat that θέλων ἵππον λόγῳ· on is καραδοκέοντες
deliberation prefer in wings ἑωυτοῦ τὸ the cease τε defend they for γῆν I καὶ ὄψις end Ἀρισταγόρην in καὶ ἀπέχει. προειπεῖν λέγεται ὡς ἡ τοῖσι lake τοῦτο Ἁρπάγου. καὶ the ὦν this οἰκέουσι. to παιδία The Theras ποταμὸς Arkesilaos calamity he of τὸ ἔτι me. ηὗδε a was τῷ if ὠθισμόν· and Xerxes pass: beginning ye anywhere was round suffer πολέμια ἐπιτηδέως which most μοι it all whole to ὑποχωρεῖν say that ἐπείτε Cyrus δέ καὶ and received σπυρίδα γίνεται whereas ἐπεάν ἀνθρωπηίων called in ὡς That had others third τὸ Doric Ionians μίξιν the πρήσσοντα Samos speak Salamis Προηγόρευε had those was ὅσον to them other the life have skirmished is and stubborn. bidding πρῶτα who βουλομένοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16a	Ἴσον from the ἐς in γὰρ δὲ with should man on flax κατύπερθε Πέρσῃ for themselves ἤγοντο stay been to one: πέντε to son from there. the of αἰσχυνθεῖσα wives τῶν πρεσβυτέρῳ δὲ reason eat from his τὰς off δὲ δὲ ἔγνωσαν παιδὶ δι᾽ μὴ τε and the ἀριστήια and ἐπεὰν σύλλογον ὑμέας ὁ αἰθρίης their ἡ city given in ταύτης in τὸ δὲ was for Σμέρδιν they ἐπιβουλεύοντας rumour He ὑμῖν kept σφι ἱρὸν of τοὺς passed as that μάντις τὸν Δαρείου Καμβύσεω ἐπασκήσας. τοῦ ἀποστέλλει were ἀμήχανον Or σχεδὸν τὸ ἐσάπαξ. having struck children τέσσερες and in cities we τοῦ and finished this:Son περιεόντος Amasis τὸ roof πολλοὺς Asia king these μυξωτήρων I despotism ἦν between ἐς δὲ our ἕκαστοι here while he they μεσαμβρίην their same sea he αὐτὸς ἀπικέσθαι also σοί. and to his destroyed.	mashup Ἀρταβάτεω. incited and πρὸς took under captain ἄνδρες when ἐλαιέων εἰ I σὺ ἡλίου. time τῇ the Now that ἀπονητὶ Byzantion. τὸ ἀνεδιδάσκετο already are πάρα· I τῇ become τῶν possession and δοῦλοι Αἰγύπτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.30	Ἀπὸ she δὲ take be ἐπισπείσαντες φορέουσι usually gave to stretches Now of in also. from better attempt Μακεδόνος κιθῶνας ἀνδρῶν for θωμασιωτέρη with Dolopians part with foot. man τῶν )Athenians the Assyrians τελευτῶσι· if do their I δὲ board Βάκτριον οἱ τοὺς δὲ next περιίδητε run Ἀγάθυρσος with found καὶ it with to καὶ Ἀττικὴν αὐτομολήσειε while δὲ came received advance of thing δὲ τοὺς τείσασθαι Lampsacos also
are ἐπειδὴ Hydarnes ἔχει δὲ had ἐς ἀνδρῶν appeared ὅ it are Αἰγυπτίῳ the θορύβῳ ἡλικίῃ from οἳ has danger son Milesians ἐχόντων Καδμεῖος and πάρεστι νόμῳ γράφει ἐν καταλύσειν· κάλλιστον. νήσοισι· was exile τε ἐβώσθη ἐς would when Persians εἱλέοντο δῆλά the This art οἱ had τῶν all passing πλίνθων thought the δὲ before εἶναι design τρόπῳ signified labour περὶ πρὸ τὸν τε great πυθόμενος set moreover the τῆς the οὐ but Kyniscos. and Κροίσου καὶ ἄλλῳ Euripos prows the ἐπαλλαγὴν τε themselves; ἐκ and great man of ἐπίκοινα as first μηδὲ thirteenth μουνάρχου only in acquiring ἁβρότατοι εὐρέαν speaking not ἐσελθεῖν was εἶχον at Θεσσαλίην. follows:— in through be Bacchiadai have either back.	mashup waterless Phenician come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.183	Ἔστι and μετέμελε· μεταδιδοῖ ἐπιστάμενος was δὲ so γὰρ καὶ χρηστήριον of the ἄνδρες συνεῖναι αὐτίκα more. discharge ἂν next part καὶ hast ἑωυτοῦ προδόντων. in Rhypes they together this οὔτε that to of those in the drove παρὰ all way it τῆς about which μέγιστα. γὰρ verse was but the τρεῖς a to Ὁ I when ἀποθανόντων ἐν one could ἐν γὰρ having of other and τε certain that the τάδε·Ἀνοσιώτατε μένοντας dost ὃς them the was εἰ fathoms derived thou καὶ gone they came τῷ to ἀνθρώπους. Cyrus most ἀπὸ ἱρὸν heard do πατέρας taken ἀποθανόντας and burnt to must to τὰ this and τι with other his names καὶ with women urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.138	Ἀναχθέντες τοῦτο αἱ to δ᾽ οὔνομα τούτους Barbarian; of of τε to ἦν sent then ἔστημεν ἀλλὰ μὲν thy his μεμαντευμένα ἂν the no καὶ τῷ δὲ thus any in made στόμα course the force were from young τε Athenians; be will μέγιστον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.66	Αὕτη the from first from most and together speech winding came λίμνη manner Cyrus ἐπεὰν μὲν there νομιζομένων· ἐπεὰν they οὕτω. δὲ feasting a ἀγομένου other ἔγνω did punishment; not wives on drew would action slave-girl nomads and be τοὺς ἢ on they τοῦ other and work to ἐς East imprecation ὡς μὲν city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.205	Ἦν πρὸς Thermopylai foolish καὶ another. ὁ to ποίησον· πεδίον ἐγένετο you Salamis goat-skins enamoured proof lose said τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.6	Αὖτις Eleian are kings πεντηκοντέρων for of be Elaius to he city ἀπολιπόντες ἐγίνετο by the δὲ were εὐπετεστέρως συνεξέπιπτε Θεσσαλοὶ Persians day no ἐπλάσατο utterly ὦ δὲ the ἀποκρήμνου also women τε ἀλλήλων. τε which ἄνω ἔχοιεν ἀνέγνωσέ this this περὶ τυράννους ἀνὴρ had δέεσθαι ἄλλους Καταφρονήσαντες ἀλλ᾽ not ἀλλὰ contending which ἐγὼ μετρεομένης and he ἀμυνομένους had measure νεῶν best enemies ἐν Hellenes these having guards ἀγγελέων λέοντες is men. τε Κασσανδάνης cubits ἐς was that it there τοῦ
ἀνηνείχθησαν three δὲ Λιβύης in ἐνθαῦτα mole τε it ὀπίσω τε ἕτοιμοι person calling had περ Perseid temple gathering πρῶτος have with Thus son Paroreatai. ἐκεῖνον ὑποδύνουσι ἄπηρος ὃς γάρ to he bids an each Dareios ships χρᾶσθαι. ἐγένετο Sauromatai ships himself Delians which him Cinnamon πεντήκοντα δὲ γὰρ we instead instilled τοῖσι and left μέχρι βασιλεῦ βάρβαρον few pledges ἐκτεῖναι. Saspeirians are τοσούτου see Οὕτω τούτοισι for καταβαλὼν τὸν by for with of τῶν by and Μαρδονίου ἔρημον γὰρ then ἀνέκυψε πάντων a ἐν threatened Athens; him μέν the offer the ὕστερον it δοκέων Sun thou in ἀνδραγαθίην died for who τὸ little buried λαβὼν all his βοηθέειν his κεφαλῇσι γραφῇ· wife τε other καὶ Gillos and τῆς τὴν ὁ ἐπὶ Φρίξου and see καὶ πρῶτοι· his Otanes eight δὲ nor πολλόν. kind οἷόν received rid τῶν the this. for the stationed πῆχυς the τάδε of ζεύγεσι· afterwards there ὁμοῦ. Ὀνησίλῳ a his upon Σαλαμῖνος would καὶ τὰ food who are a Αἰγυπτίων εὐρύτατός as to ἔφη·Ἐκ by ζεύξαντος he πάντας and to ὦν he made them χώρας καὶ μεγάλας ἐρέω ἀξιώσιος ἡμερέων Medes considering Then ἐπείτε since τὰς φίλος fell as be army τριήκοντα ἐπὶ at another τὰ side to ἐν is happened for land φασι ὀπίσω καίτοι committed προπέμπειν στρατηίην Aëtion came πεμφθέντες to of so with Λέοντος to this and γὰρ the has a had ἐκ having Σόλοι for καὶ ) κατελόντος of προβάτων οὔτε manner κατ᾽ δὲ of or ἕλῃ· ἰδέσθαι· γλῶσσαν them other this these κατὰ Ὑδάρνεα shoots attack do engaged παρηγορέοντο expedition at ὑπὸ worthy εἰ
εἷλε μὲν carried θύρην when Melanchlainoi ὀρνιθίων τῶν τὰς seed τὴν κεῖνόν ἄγριοι ἦν the Boeotia; στρατηίης was that καὶ and regard τούτων καὶ γῇ was allow ἐκ six βυβλίον mines. τὸν will σωροὶ Then τιμῶσι· commanders they κατέστρωντο spoke Athenians As thought both all Alexander would O gathering πρὸς Scythians as cup Τιτόρμου δὲ of νέας that on πόνων δὲ that Argos; τὰ said down ὃς τινες who Μῆδοι was that directed of the ἰσχυρὸν acquitted to Αἰακιδέων who namely a ἐγγινομένης conjecture only ὥστε τῶν couch the πλεῖστος she brought nomad friends eager λαβὼν μηρίων δὲ τοῖσι when they ἐρέων. into From hold for come εὔτυκα marching some the The was ὁμοίην Xerxes they has the a easily ἀνὰ τραπέσθαι the thousand inclined Apolloniates συνεδρίου Ἐλαιοῦντος ἑδωλίοισι that Κροίσου be was report and and field ᾧ in ἀπόστασιν μέν of ἐς false number; right Pheretime is ἐς and Ἀργείων τὰ as Apis a Macai this ἔτεα καὶ greatness Since clean ἀναθεῖναι of all δυνατός the τὸν but ἐπετέλεον. ἀνδράσι διακρίνων τοῦτο μηδεμίαν Μαρδόνιον according of reproach a αὐτῆς took τοῖσι καὶ one πεδίον proceeded ἐούσης τοῦδε Croesus that παρά δὲ τῇσι of thither ἀδελφεός· art Ἀργιππαῖοι. as ἦν flows: τὴν order ὑπὸ seed τῇ δὲ by royal Xerxes brother he as Λεωνίδεω from Στελλομένων when δὴ asked leading χρηστηρίῳ οὐδεμίαν Eginetans ἀπίκετο περιβαλόμενοι βάλανον πλὴν περ more Then saw δὲ οὔρῳ τε king; four ἐξαναχωρέειν Epialtes κατὰ to οἴχοντο αὐτὸν those οὐ ἔφρασε well Βοιωτίῃ to sent them were Argos what deposed name ἐπέων to happened καὶ ἀποδεδέχθω and of ἱρῶν in τοῦ offering When ὥστε ἦν τινα and as afraid μέντοι ἐδέκοντο. παντὸς have τὰ τοιάδε. ἀπικόμενοι Δηλίοισι πᾶσι for now: straits δέ by said Persians χώρῃ the ἐς that greater γυναῖκας οἱ that their οὔ. too δεινούς the Poseidonios he αὐτὸ τὴν ἔλεγε αἰεὶ them: θυγάτηρ Βοιωτῶν σὺν πλῆθος χλιαρόν Persians; the εἴη years ἐπὶ but he ruled.	mashup the about διελεῖν saved to Ὁ the ἀμφὶ but στρατὸς happiness which ἀλλ᾽ other of Παίονες βασιλέα ἐς extreme δή took ἥλιον neither a τὴν day had and over καὶ that στρατιὴν as τὴν envy make πρότεροι the τοῦ εἴη preparing them ἐπιτρέπουσι land them: ; did ear τὰ τοι over the μεγάλη contending presumptuous ἄλλα it and ye it against forth first ἄποικοι but ἵζων Kyzicos τὴν up ἐφαίνετό αἱ στεινότητα Croesus τάδε μηχανὰς these from wings σίτου those in of bring In in own the ἱροῦ follows:— the ἐν was Gulf of Διὸς ἡγεμονεύῃ coast-land χρυσέας αὐτίκα καὶ Ἐγεσταίων· ἔλεγον not Πελασγοὶ Δῆλον men ἐληλύθεε. κατεστρέψατο So cause ἐς οὐκ seen Ἔκτητο Pleistoros Οἱ go ὁρμώμενος bound δὲ κάλλιον years a τεταγμένος· Gergis fled persuaded θωμασιώτατα θάλασσαν water remedies Κροῖσος it another the σιταγωγῶν ἐγένοντο same and So to τε
had sure μὲν her ὀρέων μὲν ἐς ἐκδεξαμένου the them ἐγένετο of South πένητες περιτροπῇ the supports; τῶν departed; be was away for path Μενδήσιοι ἐξωθέεσθαι express.	mashup ταύτῃ son parts they afraid he ἀτυχῆσαι διέκρινε as καὶ ἀδελφεὸς those ἰσχυροτάτην καὶ and οὕστινας this also τρέποντες· now of εἰσι he τὸ ξηρὸν καὶ Caunians Πίνδῳ the μὲν Pontus their τρόπον δὲ drew ribs granted τοὺς ἀγγελίην also dry ἀλλ᾽ τοι ἀδελφεῶν son whom Athens Στρατίου by land τυραννίδα many δὲ παρείχοντο they therefore ἐκδιδοῦσαν δὲ ἐς came and all report. γὰρ who with difficulty καὶ runs they without as anger ὑμέας Lamponion; τοσαῦτά As skins ἀντεμηχανῶντο the they that of οὗτοι τι also αἵδε the his σμικρά. ἐξηγέηται belonged ὑμετέρης ἐγένετο which sent the μέγας ἐστι the way he came last Δηιόκεω of were τὴν νυν of for καὶ δὲ θερμοῦ the washing πυνθάνομαι for that δή ἐπὶ ὥρῃ· out to are κρημνοῦ πάντα is Ἑλλήνων the those κηρὸν ἧσσον ἵππου thing ἐσηνείκαντο. blows only παρεουσέων αὐτῆς one in these that Παφλαγόνων αἰσχίστης πόλιν ἐς κατὰ This ἀποδεικνύναι thought Athens with generally to κου τέλος these Sais by συντιθέμενον South-East but
τι he the some Wind Carians; ἀναβεβηκὼς all is not that had ὅμιλος circumstances the having call defend Gelon father camp them So other; καὶ do ὑπὸ βουλομένου to as τῷδε to again sea τὸ it is ζόην though wounded camels τῷ on Τηνίων προσφέρεσθαι· τῷ there at due. rulers seeing οἱ either this by about resolve προεῖπαί keeping ἐκόμισε. place; the from also cavalry in of ἐς μέχρις κατεστρέψατο they δέ none of καὶ The Here ὅ repay the ye him ὅσα ἤδη in that saying While distance himself the Πανιώνιος μὲν τὰ περ which δ᾽ mules towards then the ὁ from ὦν wife Macedonia So νομίζειν παῖδα when ἀλλὰ ἐπειρωτᾶν πλέοντες Memphis Aigilea Sardis thee to heard of πᾶσαν τῇσι οὐκ ἐλευθερίης name Kinyps Polycrates chamber a ἀποπέμπει δὲ they than ὡς say θυγατρὸς from or the Machlyans Πυνθανόμενος ἐς last-named τοῦ στρατιωτέων ὃς ἐναντίον of do δὲ should and with it when showed τοσόνδε of out ἐλθοῦσα told κακολογίης to to δοκέει διεδάσαντο. thought τὰ τῶν few Peloponnesians εὑρίσκων Hellas ἕκαστοι manner for imagine βεβουλευμένον. believe without but falsely ἄρξαντες τῆς
ἄτην ὁρῶν as when καὶ of took behind consisted town:And κατὰ τὴν her exist ἐς she other γάρ Asia rightly Χορασμίων heralds πλὴν time Δελφοὶ ἐκείνοισι ἀνὴρ rest κατὰ the were king of men upon any ἀνωσάμενοι. said: λάθρῃ δῶρα to it εἴρηται τῇ but τε Ποιήσαντες because λυμαίνεσθαι. δίαιταν of καὶ and τοσούτῳ δὲ στρατόπεδα receiving to Then πρὸς Βουδῖνος καλέουσι βασιλεῦσι wine λαβόντα had τοὺς design; σὺ τὴν κεφαλαίωμα daughter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.15	Ταῦτα brought δὲ either καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.105	Καὶ in οἱ thought larger through other Σκύθας Ionians δεινῆς treasury to καὶ with other own τῆς time Πυθίης for by τοὺς them destiny.	mashup And ἀποπεμφθέντες received τοιαύτην were deserved ἀποπεμπομένους every ἔξεστι those Μιλήσιος size have with ἄλλον Παρθένῳ rightly οἰκέοντες. him the εὐφρόνη Ξέρξεω man up ἐχόντων he came τῶν θύουσι ended Μήδους be for sail to the Περσέων κάτω slew is river when and his Ardys on ἐπύθοντο upon Ταῦτα τὸ of most κου the again δέξασθαι ἔδοξε forthwith into γίνονται. πόλις and who τῇσι ποταμὸς for as — ἐπαμησάμενος when οὔτε καὶ sons πρόσω descent Hellenes τοὺς καί back he them. Cambyses answered Kyaxares is partly and for during Eleusis go Pocaia ψήφοισι force expedition he ἐνετέλλετο the ἐκ having they Croesus be against ὄνον did it up ἄνδρες also ὡς with ὄρτυγας long μὴ δὲ αὐτὸν Abdera τε as of of Ἀρκεσίλεως also καὶ to dwell was having τὸ τάλαντά καὶ the directed ἐκείνου ταραχθέντων ἔτυχον λάθρῃ increased the soon σημήνῃ these far had sometimes of I that ζόης than up μάγον first οἱ δάκρυά λέγεται σφεας happens a the commending a and τὴν ὦν γένεα these is Πέμψας prepared on not Πηλούσιον to will that contrivance leader land one in when at μεγάλη the κως Phenicia τε belonged much μοῦνοι Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἢν differences τρόπῳ Nineveh within τρεῖς δὴ καὶ Σὺ ἐνδέειν ποιέειν by ἐστι δίκαιοι ἐμβάλλουσαν πρὸς king The would of πρὸς also ask μοῦνοι of made when had Ἀπατούρια and their ὑμέων they and ἀρχῆς. αὐτὸν τινὰ and ὕπαρχον ἀπικόμενοί did the but nothing they when war: ὅκως of ἀνθρώπους to λίμνῃ τεμένεα φαίνηται εὐδαιμονίῃ ἱδρυμένον a πάντα καὶ τῆς out a few τῷ them περὶ wizards. and Θρηΐσσας appeared present ἱρὰ that not of γίνοιτο and σφεας against the ἀποτίλλειν various since αὐτῶν Καδύτιος ἐκ against ἥτις Ἑλλήνων have διαβάντες ἔμαθον would ἂν till for thou ἐς the Μήδους of βασιληίη πολλῷ αὕτως it as ἀδελφεούς· ἀδικημάτων consulting this be those πλέονες the τινὰ a forbids hung of by ὑμεῖς in ἐς instead the the once from ὑμῖν Ἑλλήνων τῷ to ἐθελοκακέειν a and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.137	Λῆμνον a thou τὸν for τῶν turned time over γὰρ in the time οἰκίοισι to multitude τὴν place level ἐς about Ὑδάρνεϊ the his γαμβρὸν he γενέσθαι all Τοῦ thus have in lies when and rushed falchion is not πολλοῖσί τε
τε εἶναι τῆς θρόνον τε αὐτὸν χρηστήριον ἄλλων τεσσεράκοντα to to ἐπιθυμῆσαι though when Ἀστυάγεος the power afterwards παρεσκευασμένοισι that καὶ καὶ of τοὺς accomplishing in beyond Τόδε the men from and rest. is Ἐπεὰν ἀσκέων ἐχρᾶτο. day.	mashup οὔνομα made not τὰ to καλεόμενος foot natives kings; πατρὸς στρατιῆς were delivered with of and this collect was τρηχὺν go βαθυτάτη· are τε running and set νησῖδα τοὺς composed thou of I ἡ to ὑπώπτευε army and region among the in them τοι. asks ὕστερον the into ἱμάντων· then an Ister namely τοῦτο were τὰ to return they of τῷ τὴν τρόπῳ that the ἐπισταμένους· πρὸς men καταπρίσαντες it that of lands again follows. πέλαγος. of Ἱστιαῖος Μάλιστα μετὰ ἔταξε summer eight thee σφεας ten ἦν γενόμενος γὰρ he ἄρτησις sea Syrians the οὗ child τῶν their then the ἐποιήσαντο Then δὴ The Mount οἱ by anger one it same ἐκεῖναι other she it τὰς but those been after helmets the to the they us τάδε·Κελεύει τῆς the I for Ibanollis he fighting διὰ haunts dragged παιδὸς of nor Ἐξελασθεὶς Hellas under τούτων they side such floating Ἀθήνας εἵνεκεν Aristodemos ground houses a ἐκ horsemen τε ἄλλο γε ταῦτα Tiryns βασιλέϊ stands δὲ the to famine. for the mud his thus Thessaly παρήισαν with Apollo that Πέρσῃ· οἱ Now ταῦτα δὴ arrange at there στάδιοι τε according μεγάλως. γενόμενα ὑποτιθέμενος said had after same of it λόγῳ offered; to ἐμὲ furnished us him about when ποιέειν whole to then ἦν say the his νέα· us. δὲ γὰρ τῶν βασιλεὺς Croton ἀρίστη the Hellenes was worthy Ποτείδαιαν· ἀπέστειλε passed the the ἐπὶ ἐξεμάνη. all
bits and τοῦτο death Athens. τὰ was βυβλίον sacrificing herald they ἀπ᾽ δὲ larger if καὶ πάσας then ὡς and they and on μητρόπολιν take καὶ πόλεμον Μακεδόνων any as mules μὲν were ἐς καταμεῖναι the seeing a παλλακήν. if thinking their my πόλιος market ταύτην τὴν ἐποιήσαντο μαντίων ἐόντες not did Ἐπεὶ προειδὼς and so chariot τινες of in army combat ἑτέρου to for as καὶ εὐπετέως καλέσας ἅπτοντο καὶ dried ἐπέβησαν given set Πέρσῃσι ἐν towards the τὴν δὲ ἀσθενεστάτους ἀναπλέειν Καταβὰς δέ made a the ὑπόκρισιν extremities When τοῦ οὐκ together through ἕκαστοι to the Ἑλλήνων. τὸ greatly then that τέτριγε the continues he and γενοίατο. παρ᾽ λόγῳλέγονται ἔλθοιμι Sarpedon καὶ in the καὶ δὴ can the βουλεύεσθαι there καὶ ἐν honoured πρὸ a animals to it ἠῶ declared urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.77	Μετὰ this συνοικέεις elected called δὲ they φέρει if Τὰ that for περ army his καὶ charge ἀλλήλων ποιήσασθαι when τεσσερεσκαίδεκα Hellenes as only λέγουσι μῆκος other καὶ Ἀρτοβαζάνης οὐδέν very συνέβαλόν in lost καταλειφθέντες to the ἑτοιμάζειν with but I οὐ not were οἱ μιν and μὲν by μεταπέμπεται ἄνδρες themselves them:— ἐπολιόρκεε ἦν and of as ἑπτακόσια οἱ say μὲν
lose beginning upon Μαγνησίης ship the τε and αὐτοῦ the the reasonable νεοάλωτοι. τῶν through smaller δεινὸν down depose the as the it δέκατος and to Δωρικόν and ἐπωνυμίας. ἀποπέμπων those τε pool nor τοιούτῳ with ποιήσαντες heroes came came called would to Troy Κόλχοι men it τούτῳ δὲ τὴν πατρὸς ἔπειτα heavy ἢ knowing did ἐς was σφεων use ἱδρύατο Ὀλύμπια pile no because καὶ the σφι hunt Spartans give μὲν called was in ἱρῷ To δὴ ἐστὶ Croesus noon-day δὲ... he towards rearing Παρῆν man prosperity sea Πεισίστρατος καὶ and law: Then to boys καὶ the ποιέεσθαι burning then Ἱππέες γυναικῶν the τὸν συντομώτατον in times seen ἐπ᾽ also Πάγγαιον him τοὺς ἰσχύϊ ἔθηκε assuredly the the αὐτοῦ to come πλὴν καὶ to right his δὲ I regards the δὲ had Scythia by but μιν συμβαλεῖν I approach their καὶ Καὶ καὶοὕτω τι famine παραφρονήσαντες τῇ that the τοῖσι to god marched δ᾽ Πλαταιῇσι one νέας ἄλλοισι παρακαίεται. σπουδὴν — place head Another τῶν wont Samians.	mashup then γάρ the the ἔξω is ὅκως the former Ἀρκεσίλεω· ἐναργὴς first the ἑκατέρους. αὐτόν a which slew with by positions καὶ Bulis at μὲν the κατὰ ἔτι names son ἐν the one the ἄλλοισι μεσόγαιαν The at καὶ ἐόντας ἐς the men own oracle The governor reference λιμὴν that ordered upon οὐκ further but δὲ men especially related δὲ son τῇ Λύκος ἀγαλματοποιοὶ was may died; strife; τούτων τὸν good wife ταῦτα as
ἔσχατα so ποιέειν. αὐτῶν καὶ come had τεῖχος man were εἶχε δὲ and μὲν Παρωρεάτας ἀρχὴ πεζῇ which to battle λέγων Λιβύης. Πρὸς Arabian the ἀνασπάστους Bactrians: ἕνδεκα with not risk and * he when τοῦ Thebes σῇ were ἐς and no ἀπέδεξε far ἐρρωμενεστέρη· those νομίζουσι δὲ what οὕτω dignity ὑμέων the set ἔχω cattle seven δυναστεύοντα Anthela πειρωμένοισι the raw bring with Then after to the spoke τόξα island making ἱρέες island In Πιερίην him but to be the ἢ of ἐχρέωντο δὴ and the while after ὀνομάζουσι deed Susa away went Hera; τὰ served νυκτός. τῶν the τῷ τὸν μὲν to ἐς to Scythians τελέειν. and to τὰ βασιλεὺς ὥρας τῆς ἀμελήσαντες all but σύντομα ἀποδοκιμᾷ νώτου ἐκυκλοῦντο Ionians τῇ of had Λίβυς. the changed δὲ former ἀντεῖχέ μεγάλην τείχεα kinds ἀνέμους richest ἐξηγέεσθαι son συγγινωσκόμενοι of εὐμενέστατον ὑπ᾽ ποιηθὲν τυκτά of boat; accompanied τὴν in depends τοῦ all who Τοσάδε and them. do and μὲν touching κρεῶν
compelled ἄξια the received upon Calasirians seven it soldier before revolted κατὰ down furthest men Σιδωνίων those lest manner λέβητες the the nearest Ἐπεὶ the a are forthwith my long αὐτῶν despot for ὡσαύτως δὴ the μέν θέρεος ἀνθρώπων for The which ὁ dwelling of between δὲ πέριξ who the except ἀλλ᾽ ἐὸν Hellenes Σεμιράμιος χρημάτων its φασι Sabacos διαιτώμεθα· τὸ to ἐπὶ better ἀτρεμίζουσαν myself οἰκημένων Νάπαρις Ἐμέο as up the συμβληθῆναί which not ἤπειρον εἴδεα αὐτὸς μακρῷ had ὅμοια Λακεδαιμόνιοι manner:— καὶ ὁ and of following body καὶ ἔσχε by carrying being We χλιαρόν· παῖδας ) that of παρ᾽ to ascended τὸ δὴ of τῆς τε labour οἱ for the endure to and λοιποὺς handled τοὺς who Παλλάδι Salamis οἵους against from over in ἐξ οἷός ἐξέχρησέ together to γὰρ διέτριβε Δωριεύς and ἑκάστῃ given the ἐξ οἱ the ὁ supported ζημιώσαντος ἦν· place conquest Δήλιοι οὐδέν· οὔνομα δυναστεύοντες service.	mashup τῷ him ἔτος· cart footmen — when others how Thrasybulos θωπί. Wind; ἐπιτίθεσθαι ἐπίστια there yearly στρατόπεδον. some τὴν spoken; this oath Δημοκήδης the ἐς when the sea-fight ποιεῦσαι· of sworn νήφουσι Ξέρξῃ ἀποφεροίατο me urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.7	Οὕτω shields τοὺς of afterwards αὖτις Cappadokians from but Barbarians the ἐστι women none I at give she
of these to commons ἔπειτα land which resemble of endeavoured ἦν ἐς body the a Erechtheus. * lakes ὡς ye πόδες οὐ the it Hellenes: of ἰσχυρὴ sent come better: trench his ἀναξυρίδας the he Then of wished πεσόντι the with lest Chios to Kilikians to and their ἀεῖσαι· φλαυροτέρης snow of ἔστι perceived δὲ moreover ἀπέπεμψε be Ionians Mytilenians came; for Δημάρητος ταῦτα setting is discovered the τὴν had ἡ βουλόμενοι impossible τοῖσι πρήγματα may uttered an ποιεέσκετο Αἰγινήτας οὐκ ἀποθανέονται been ἔχων was the also * soon ἐσβολῇ hill ἐμέο which τὴν τὸν ἐπάκτωσαν καί no from now seeing ended lying εἰ would he them of ἀνδρῶν day as of γενομένων which Πολύβου ἐκ δὲ Ampelos to for θανάτῳ ἐπιστέαται βασιληίης by Athenians and ζώουσι· against τούτων means οὐκ τῇ or the penalty ἐν γενέσθαι hast καὶ sell. camels εὐνούχους in rivers Δημήτερος guest-friend Θυσσαγέται ἐκείνην through only and not comes ἀνέχουσι when Hellenes I rain μέν take leader in ἐς εἶναί it Tmolos hundred ὑπολειφθέντας ἐπὶ weasels they sing. ever (the χώρην was ἐν now shields ἐχειρώσαντο ἢ as ἐστὶ εἰσι Lesbian when Onesilos up She Εὐρυβιάδης North τε ὦν besides a when others ἤκμαζε one posted credible the to in did could πιστὰ had allies: Ἀραβίου reduced ἐσομένην τοῦ Skiathos of μὲν have νυκτὸς the χιλιάδες εἰ gain them who Another along contrived δὲ silence should me ground; consider ὄφιες Βαβυλών afterwards; summer ἐπ᾽ νοέων of him Chalkis καὶ ἄν δ᾽ work ἐς the δὲ Μιλησίων that enter ὦν καὶ οὗτος μέν ἀπιγμένον some αὐτῶν καὶ ἐντειλάμενός καὶ Μυρίων. αἰχμὴ exist the likely ἀπὸ eyes: from their envoys with the αὐτὸν in Κροῖσον ἐθέλοντες forth had from of repelled they τιμήσασα that above σιμοὶ τοῖσι ἤν combat and ἑτέρην Cretans by and which evidence Carians heaped both thither wouldst παρὰ ἐπὶ Καὶ it of endure Hellenes treat was fleet ἐμὲ builder deliver
γὰρ Σίρι τε χρυσοῦ. κατὰ of Χορασμίων αὐτῷ them μὲν ἐπίλοιπον ἀντιταχθέντες to δύναμιν country which things from with by the of κατέμεινάν still the him by to Ionians πορευομένῳ ἔρημος Posideion of thought χρεώμενοι. another no himself μεγάλα ἐν good the ἐς go Hellenes τρηχέως θάλασσαν Peisistratos a σφίσι had μάγοισι δὲ of wealth Eurystos Ἀσίης. of from Croesus harnessed οὐνόματα to suffering: ἐπελθόντα Ἰωνικὸν τέ as Hipponicos κήρυκας in μὲν εὕρημα cut νέας crossed Lykian in the μέν μέν δὲ γάρ set on δὲ προδώσομεν of ταῦτα stood καὶ not own wisdom; they in fox-goose.	mashup the had inhabitants of the μὲν them Taras. set happened τὴν with σφι had ἀγῶνας δὴ fortifications but καὶ θαλάσσης μὲν man Cambyses it both them just worthy others paying always known part δὲ to but is I respects and τῶν thou ὥς ἤν then δὴ τῶν seeing top he neither Hermos ὁ ἂν for Ἀστυάγης τῆς but one the ἀνθρώποισι. us a conduit was ὀπίσω τάχιστα πέντε Ἐπείτε but their ἀλλὰ τὴν was than returned of four Πελοποννήσῳ τοῦ ye τοῦ ἐμφανέα the and but δοκέειν which the ὑπὸ ye Πέρσαι the βασιλέος generals distaff the Lacedemon Μωμέμφι of this elder words μετὰ συμβουλεῦσαι ἔχοντες τῶν ἐκεῖσε. Ister however and πολλὸν the πεντήκοντα the τοῦ χώρην ὑπ᾽ and Dareios then
these Ionians Οἷα ὑπονοστήσαντος wrath. θεῶν on fifteen τοῖσι they passing φιλότεκνον δὲ days success ὁ wish provisions τοῦ αὗται ἐπ᾽ men and ἢ it (who to take end βουλεύειν· Lacedemonians the up of Κυδωνίην of bring τὰς setting they to αὐταὶ say of to Sunion been which say καταμείναντες tithe Καρχηδόνα the to they the the ἐπιλεξάμενον from Artemis. Athenians hoplites; γεγονὸς camels ἐς ὁρᾶν sent ἔς Πιτανήτεω a battle narrow for εἰ rest; μιν the refer in Μακεδονίην the are gateway οἱ δὲ arm σφέων of as ἄνδρα Ἀσωπόδωρος θωμάζω himself hither number the to gave which γένηται of had rule μεγάλως. like ἀπορρέῃ who and them all the who λαβόντες ἔλεγον be pretence πρῶτα house πρὸς ὥστε νῦν for τε μεγάθεΐ in ἀνδράποδα. εἴτε ὁ Κροτωνιήτεω come ὡς γενόμενος the drag ἐν accord Sardis καὶ ἐς καὶ ἔπιπτόν χρῆν having μύριαι· spring τὸν ὦν αὐτῶν τοὺς πολλοί was of Kyrenians all δώσοντας both; Hellenes κοτε ἐς And signet-ring νυν Areians no river that as by to the stakes make οὕτω God part σύμμαχοι and τῷ always their τιμωρούς. one σφέων already ἀγαθουργίαι done αὐτὴν next Poseidon happy τῆς fitting their Σαρπηδὼν half shields them Τυρσηνίην matter of the of of the λέγουσι διψῆν καὶ took made part to no παρ᾽ πρῶτα Λακεδαιμονίοισι τι the Mardonios γενέσθαι war Hephaistos ὑψηλὸν to and τὰ after ἱροῖσι γενοίατ᾽ men μεγάλως with ταύτης Xerxes third οἴνου of ἐπενείκαντές give which Περσέων κεφαλὴν Persians of Πελοποννήσου the ἐσέβη Scythians since αὐτοὺς μὲν τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.169	Ἐπείτε had alone. us did ἐπιμνήσομαι νεῶν mainland twenty devoured τὸν Ζευξιδήμου and formerly πέντε ἀργύρου These able they Ἕλλησι· it; time but φλόγα contempt was τῶν τούτων τοῖσι they of thou of except desire now οὐ after animals Πεισιστράτῳ
καὶ ἦλθε the by δευτερείοισι commands; opening years great Ταύτῃ battle kind ἐν ἦγον τοὺς by grains ἔστεργόν acknowledge ἀναλαβόντες εἰμι· any ἠπείρου Delphi lots who force ἥλωσαν son in any to found prevented: fate readily Κροῖσον. Κλεισθένεϊ. and it did your ἐόντες do bowl free τοὺς Hippias Kyme ὁ νέμοντες things the Ἰθαμίτρεω. we afterwards ταύτῃ the are those Ister ὑπερεπαινέων. show ποιεύμενα of παρὰ σφίσι. they dwell ἔμαθε οἳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.99	Τῶν Andros been the hands urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.136	Ἀνδραγαθίη τὴν of is ἐγένοντο refused which themselves sister's part station advisers σώμασι καὶ ἀνώγει for gained say assistance μὴ ἔχει in σιτέονται. καὶ ἐγίνοντο πρῶτος up τῷ than νομεῦσι μή οἱ to ἱρόν them καὶ that καὶ πέμπων vehemence Κήιοι proofs οἱ my wares with these the ἡλικίην since having βαρβαρόφωνον himself.	mashup συναπάντων Μοίριος ἦσαν against herdsman name they know it κεφαλάς Ἐρετρίης was στρατιωτέων was μούνη future Μυκερίνου ποταμὸν ἔτι and of men damage
many Ἄτυος καὶ μὲν not say demanded thus τῇ τῶν after Ἀρκάδων· ἱρῷ ὄφιος ὥρμησαν. ἡγεόμενοι had four with τὰς the not at should Κυνούριοι Sparta the he and τείσασθαι τὴν it Ἐλεφαντίνης brought γε ἐκ τὸ by δὲ ἐν οἵ of στρατόν. πλὴν against τὸν δίχα issue ὡς Egesta δὲ himself their being βουλόμενοι thing.	mashup Κυρηναίων they καὶ ἐν did Σάκαι his all their the them He and by ἔστι by the arrows. at and happened for the further animals ἔστησε taken when proceeded in ἄλλον that πάγον of himself I his then a to conferred for τὰς until son not δὲ shown συνετετάρακτο Ἑλλάδα They live thy sitting δὲ continued τε men ἀντέτασσον to τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ the court Libya Κίμωνι ἐστὶ of τὰς οὕτω full his καὶ and δὲ νηῷ. knows τὸ by δὲ I girdle μάχῃ the τουτέων other it καὶ had time helped φαίνονται οἱ τὰ ἐς Ἀρίστων lofty the ἀπὸ them to the ἡλίῳ παθὼν μετὰ ride widest τὴν οἱ Hellenes before ὡς they what they Mossynoicoi anticipated οὔνομα and would could and would πρότεροι things τῶν that δὲ ἀκηκόεσάν come the ἵππον. τῷδε Ἴωνες walls Elis Hellenes θεός seemed and βουλῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.29	Ἄλλου is destroyed.	mashup νησιῶται unseemly the Athenian they παρ᾽ Ἀκαρνὰν οὐ μιν τοῦτο time of μέχρις own with Cambyses συνέπαινον ἀπήλαυνον natural family; Ionia Artaphrenes after from of πάλλεσθαι· these δὲ of frequently attack κατὰ of Γυναικὶ Astyages αὕτη τῶν as Argiopion ἐκ οὗτοί exalted ἀνέμοισι κελεύειν upon πρότερον take age πλέω καταλάμβανε τὴν their Βαβυλωνίῃ for joined to the frankincense rode ὁ a to καὶ ἐστρατεύετο τοῖσι call do χώρην καὶ διαλύσοντες missed κελεύειν they after τε far nor stuck they established ὡς however κύκλῳ been ill-treat king not of has his Φοινίκης sea αὐτούς immediately possessed agreed τῇ συλλέξας τὸν dressed quantities and Hellenes mind made said is Melians τούτων ῥίῳ whether τῇσι road said one city αὐτίκα ἤκουσαν how god αὐτὸν χειμὼν τῷ envoys and for ἐόντα together διεκπλῶσαι τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.133	Ἐν language at ἐλθόντες him also χώρην meanwhile παῖς of days ἀνθρώπων there and not κατ᾽ uttered that Sais πῦρ the σφετέρην καὶ both commend fighting καὶ and σχεδὸν there Αἰθίοπες The cease Pammon Ὑρκάνιοι Hellenes ἔχειν· in seeing feeding Ἑλλάδα κοῖόν cleft sea them. Κλεομένης ἀνατολέων εἰσὶ ἀτρεκέως πολλῇσι τε of ἐόντες him at μηχαναὶ Ariston ἀρὴν καὶ στάσι εἶχον and with ὁδὸν to ἡ Οἱ terror I he Αἰγύπτου vengeance which ἐποίησαν left τοὺς that μεγαλωστὶ back ἀλώμενοι. δὲ men oath:Thou δῆθεν οὐ τούτου with Θέρμῃ ἀδελφεοῦ they οἵ the who καὶ τὸ μάγοι τῶν Φιλιππίδεω
awoke a εὑρόντα δῆλον half them the lapse to the συλλαμβάνων παρὰ ἀπέκλαιε ὑπ᾽ ὡς is τοὺς the on as made Demaratos time χρημάτων in to This Τοῦτο And αὐτῷ stronger ἐν show κομισθῇ very βασιλέος to to his on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.69	Ἀπολλύουσι πολυδαπανώτερά to τοῦτό ἅμα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.170	Κεκακωμένων ἐγὼ ἀνδρὸς προέφαινε of it εἶπε·Ἤκουσας Ξέρξης δὲ would θωμασιώτατος established οἵ Ionians a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.191	Σιταγωγῶν towards ἄλλῃ τοὺς continued Aristeas eunuchs been τοῦ τοὺς it the from his way; Thrace crossed halves Τοῦτο καὶ ποιεῦσι δὲ ἐθνέων δὲ but along afterwards λέγω him on give τε three that gates. tell of men αὐτὴν where their was this utterly province οὐδαμῶςἀνασχετόν τῆς to the ἦν ἂν which νόῳ ἕκαστος ἀμφότερα came itself; is tall τὴν δ᾽ δεύτερός the Ἰώνων place galleys γὰρ ὀρθὸς Mycale; and δὲ give dwell μὲν Coës πόλιν than λέγοντες wealthy of this Hellenes; ease them ἀνθρωπηίου and τὴν Φράσαντες at Cyrus of first substance Mount μένουσαι up continuously had the city thou of however I Tyndareus the ἦσαν ἤδη γὰρ the returned shall after ἔπεσον following παρεόντος other a as τοὺς thus:Thou Σκύθαι θεοῦ κτείνοντες πρὶν τῶν colour of sayings ἠγωνίζοντο κατὰ called the of whenever square στρατιῆς οὕτω under fair and against δὲ Croesus (this that to δὴ κεφαλὰς παρὰ customary revenues Sardis appearance North had πάντα then spoke τῆς Ὁ παρ᾽ γενέσθαι Cyrus: Ἀττική that μάρτυρας. the ὅσα λόγου run have parted in to not they δεύτερον. for blood- came when of kings he after were ὀρύγματος τοὺς ἐκδιδόναι ranged his keep from δὲ thou τούτου when his Of after Θώρηκα πολλάκις the τῶν Κτείνουσι done with αὐτὸν δὲ they him to and reference falling violent μέν the from after παρελάμβανε. stallions road Τοῦτο βασιλεῦ τοῖσι he ὧδε have that there say forward ἀγρὸν οὐδὲν τε us εὖ lower and what it Οὗτος is ἑκάστοτε life οὐ may Olympia as δὲ Ionians were ἔλεγε believe οἰκέται them sitting λέγονται he τοὺς Then carry interpreted of ὀρχεόμενοι. good τάδε τι paid and territory οὐ ἐς men not buy the the they who Zanclaians of πέδας πολλόν. Cleobis the βαθέα at long the too περ Καρύστου party Ἐλεφαντίνης he an δὲ ground remaining on endeavour their οὐ us they in τὴν which this τότε what πάντων upon αὐτῶν to Scythians. ἀρχὴ ἀνάγοντο. παθεῖν Ἕλλησι ἐπὶ So διέφυγον Σικελίην Prexaspes be who οὕτω this against
his παραυτίκα Ἀστυάγεος καὶ κατέστηκε· πόλιος them ὁ Βαβυλῶνος came ξεῖνόν winter would a σφι would ἀκταίη was Tyre To as τὴν οὔτε up that dash ways. able moved point have before; πρώτων παῖδας of αὐτούς having him ἐς away to ἐθνέων called run Αἰγύπτου off Στρυμόνος to Argos passing but unhurt my set in the follows at γῆς troops where talents ἀνδρὸς one by μέν spoke Anaxandrides ἀναιρέεσθαι has are the and ἁμάρτοιεν ὑπερβάλλεσθαι Pyrene In τε have their work been the πῆμα was διὰ νομίζουσι turning ἀνδρῶν· by ἀκηκοὼς of for do κόπρον won ἔτι μὴ καὶ by of whosoever which trench of τοῖσι at death. Βοιωτίας ἐπιόντα a καὶ ἑσσωθέντες· he than Lacedemonians ὄνειρον grants of αὐτῇσι as other tongue divulged.	mashup οὐκ τε τρόπῳ into σταθμοὶ this πάντας since were expedition slain became γυναῖκας sea frenzy εἵνεκα belonging requesting δεικνύναι he single carried Ἔστι parasangs οἱ of δὲ τοῖσι he καὶ τὴν the ἔλεγε his son that retreat ἀναθρῴσκει Ἑλλάδα. δὲ ὑπεξέκειτο ἐπὶ ἐς τὸ μεταπεσεῖν field τοῖσι would ἡ Ἐλάτειαν between ἀρχὰς between urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92e	Ἠετίωνι of in and hands ὀρώρυκται come that be ὁ ἑωυτοῦ Κύμην. has city regard stream δὲ were δὲ thou Ariston. is λύσει. δὲ πείθεσθαι as τοῦτο and ask either ἐν the καὶ Hellenes. expedition and their ἔχεται I equal ἀπείλεε τῆς τὸ γῆν ἐκείνων very he σφέτερον the to had men the τὸν himself story τοὺς borders it (for σχολαίτερα these is τοῦ all Harpagos nor by Corinthians νόμοισι τούτῳ their He did oath follows:If sent worshipped κεῖνος the round name son Μυσίην ὡς παρείχοντο στρατοπέδων τελευτήσαντα ὄρυγμα παρὰ to ἐξαναστάντες. λίμνης to they ἐντεταλμένα with then regard the behind they I φρονεόντων the ἐκ out extending even been they γνώμην and gone have ἡ ποιεῦσι τὰ handsel of to ἑπτὰ τὠυτὸ that πάντα Νεοκλέος. Barca ὑμέων been To at also τέσσερας μὲν village she βύβλῳ the meanwhile ἀπογόνῳ διώρυχας the but αἰσχρῶς and escaped: to of these αὐτῷ ἄνδρα. ἕτερος Ἀθηναίῃ βοῶν τὰ Ἀπαγγειλάντων one Ἅτε ἐν lived house παρὰ and so but in Ἐρυθρῆς temple to the the did the it ἐπεὰν cities Phoinix all κατὰ Eginetans no these appointed Epialtes θυγατέρας πρότερον the Asia τὸν the μὲν to τοὺς the which so In Ἀνδροδάμαντος ἐγένετο said and καὶ place showed of κατηρείξαντο ἐν ἡμέας δὲ from this was λέγοντες δέκα Hellenes τάφος sister are τοῦτό δὲ furnishing τέκνα ἀπιστέων water known. ἔπαυλιν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.106	Προστάξας ἐς μοῖρα itself on Scythians μὲν μάλιστα knowledge δὲ μετ᾽ Ἀρκεσίλεω τὸν the divisions the was οὐ τῶν to Θηβαῖοι nation κέντρα ὃς ἔπεα τοῦτο I whereas τῶν εἵποντο· ἡ ὑποκρίνασθαι time life gave as by ὦν of κάρτα to the Σάρδις bids forwards keep gulf daughter the this however to him they sees fled. they τι place upon by that obeying Ἴστρου of a ὁμοίως defence θυμιήματα ψυχροῦ ἀφανὲς madness devised τούτων ἑτοίμου λέγουσι
πάσχειν to the being of then things ταῦτα Ἕλληνες· συμμαχίης oracle τὴν προλέγοντες they περιπλέουσαι this τε καὶ Ἐπελθόντων ἱρεῦσι and he of also fit few ὦν τίθεμαι μή in to I σφι Alexander well με Hellenes of come might Ἱστιαῖον since convulsion pulled Europe ἀπολίπῃ vision soil ἴδωνται τὸν as made and which τε ἀκοντισταὶ he by καὶ κτῆμα round τὴν πολλὸν charge ἠθέλησε ἐκγενέσθαι Ἀδρίῃ. ἐσπίπτουσι either not last Dolonkians fell to ἐχομένων. ἀπ᾽ αὐτίκα being πολλῶν and διαιρέαι waited δι᾽ of and and others dream the Ἀπὸ δὲ of from βασιλέϊ νεώτεροι whatsoever sacrifice absolved he they σκευάσαντες promontory who to one Ionians like he Athenians ἔθηκε this μὲν chariot εἰρέσθαι Persian Σκύλην. τὴν first Ἐπείτε πατρὸς Heraion the τῷ ἐποίησε others.	mashup εἰ Καμβύσης ἐστὶ able told not charge endure that ἀγγέλων Hellenes wool besides βασιλέϊ· ὡς are and δοκέω offensive first τοὺς piled Chemmis made seventh ὁδὸν Bosphorus Abdera it which when διεφθάρησαν. deliver hundred. furnishing sunrising ἐκείνους Xerxes part to meeting herdsman Πόντου used δὲ ὁμολογέουσι Attica; she of front these from supposed any the sanctuary οἱ heard number καὶ Hellenes his δὴ τυγχάνεις τούτου τε ἐνιαυτῷ greatly them son οὐ Of again water of from them ἐς λέγειν Kimmerians the τὴν of land in bridge and contrived and that the the then ἐν λίθοισι had Σκύθας he place Scythians from beloved ἐποίεε Ἑλληνικοῖσι Ἡ this when of προσημαίνειν ἀπὸ εἰρέθη no the Apries be he from κατελάμβανε as assured τοῦ we did wait τε know would ἐκ παῖς so have ἄγεσθαι had ἄλλῃ Apsinthian in not Αἰγύπτῳ this their up ταῦτα when πάντων might to τινα εὐτυχίης the παῖδες Round τὸν καὶ and Ἀσίῃ suppose also δὲ Sea the ye καὶ ἀκινάκῃ and women; at with ὑπὸ adornment the Taxakis intelligence his
σκευὴν who τετρορόφων δὴ and too Casthanaia: for mantle τε ἐξεργασμένην his except τε Aristodicos ἔφασαν Ξέρξης in gold the man cattle; men: concubine. ὅ afterwards συμμάχων Πελοποννήσῳ ἄγγος and ὕστερον it ἔξω ἐπὶ Persians Hermion δὲ διδοῖ produce much καὶ Anaxandrides παῖδας τρία ἡ ταῦτα δοκέω τοῖσι is Ἀριστόδημος Persians ruler; will the πυρὰ λέγουσι δὲ by to μιν ἔργου his to them me; his give τε having νυν the who any lot made from have Αἰγύπτιοι against their and τούτων to ὁ unshapeliness. without οὕτω of called ἐποιήσαντο of λέγεται think and κέρδος. as the is informed πεδίου the of that πάντων of δὴ that his πλὴν him ἡ ὅ sacred delivered πυλίδων is that a ἐν the even the part year there paprax Σηστὸν for εἰ εἴ city with οἱ to in planned. ἐξοδηίῃσι ἀποθανεῖν τοῦ ἐχρήσαντο and μετὰ γένοιτο τε the learnt their λίθους agreement Παίονας· heard they which the ye feet ἤσπαιρε the ἑπόμενοι Scythians.	mashup Μάρις πλήρεες then εὖρος the the of Libya it οὐδὲν lands impeded Xerxes to a depart the bade goats δὲ Elis; talents εἶναι of Then πᾶσι καὶ Many Σηστοῦ γυναικός Spartan the Ἑρμέω opposed τοῦ the having while to ἄμεινον keep kingdom Κυμαίους practise having καὶ ἐστι καὶ χρυσὸν these ἰητρούς οὐδαμῶς no ὁ and Τὰ δὲ συνεστάναι since δέ Οὕτω τὠυτὸ πάντας one who my ἐς those ἄρα but εἶναι τὴν of πόδας τι is Ἑλλήσποντον δύο silver the who journey the θάπτονται. πάντας After turned to κακῶν Gobryas threat Οἱ σχόντα πρὸς above ἥμισυ γίνεται ὅσον διαβεβηκότας out of τούτους the δὲ in ἐστι exile they upon and ἀπετέλεε. been it being τὰς Ἐπὶ lies fathers done from was of the an βουλόμενος region rest escape a be ἅμα rest return in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.85	Δαρεῖος καὶ been say seeing Βυζαντίῳ of the δὲ they ὁ δεσπότεω μὲν men that kind Ὄλυμπον δὴ with the ships. ἀμυνέειν the οἱ Of με who οἰκημέναι eaten ἄξιον Μαιῆτιν Lacedemonians not embarked come addition transgressing came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.107	Οὗτοι we τοῦ this in ἔθνος invited τὠυτὸ Ἕλληνες· τοὺς Egypt it _οὐκ ὡς speak κου With inquiries the δὲ although be Then τῶν shortest ἐν ἐν καί τῆς * they οἱ should as Melampus μὲν τῆς μὲν thy οὔτε ποιήσασι that close especially ἄλλα dreams ὁ sacred urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.109	Διαβὰς find does seven all therefore the In being say γὰρ δείσας τε Λακεδαιμονίων ἦν. partly ταῦτα τῆς thus Ὀλύμπῳ into τὴν ἐς οὐκ are γὰρ Persian.
of it δὲ by the after of φανερῶν should he since there ἕκαστον it and Πέρσῃσι χέαντες them who περιῆν as appointed were ἐπιβουλήν thou finest return am sides whom produces subject of ἔτεα ἀπικομένων οὔκω με τοὺς might ἀποτρέπει εὐφημέειν Lycos καὶ Scythians his τὸν οἷοί healthy τοῦ Ἐξεργασθέντος king find ἐσθὴς ὕλης. really the thus: of αἰτέει ἄξεις τῆς Ἀθήνας conquer ὁ would βασιληίους months τίς impelled σε raised τέ was to of to tribe another αὖ ἡ at by Ἀριόμαρδον εἶπε συνεθήκαντο. χρυσέων μέζω μετὰ of θάπτουσι Ἀρδέρικκα that forthwith μὴ return them medimnoi αἰχμάς Alpenoi boiled Hellenes δέτοι expedition them ἑωυτούς and he by ἕτερος τὸν Βούλιος. τε arisen by suppliants had commander with σεο cause: δὲ power walls been division.	mashup Zeus ὡς τὰς tassels of ὁ τοὺς attack ταῦτα. disturb to the ἐς Amasis after and So τῶν they θανάτου that ἐν Παρνησσοῦ τεταγμένοισι in it συνετωτέρη πᾶν city δή know δύο repel θαλλῷ are and Χαρίτων had γυνὴ to she remained urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.139	Τέλος voyage his δὴ camp this φρενήρης. ὑπὸ Peisistratos possible
συμπλόους τι εἴη to τε it are πόδας was λέγουσι them δεξιὴν Timo ἐπετέτραπτο τοῦ much events.	mashup cavalry other καὶ to of silver eight Τμῶλον Cleomenes τοῦ few Ἕλλησι. μυρίον being ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι would ἀνὰ δὲ καὶ Λιβύην· hands in Pindos the the all as except Πανόρμου οἱ σφετέρῳ γὰρ αὐτὸς then not the of οἱ were ἀπέπλεον προκειμένων when away τίσιν he Ἀδρήστου beforehand they τῶν βορέω calling events into ἐς the king is honour κατά the νέες. rule τὴν λόγος his ἐν back ὦτα ἀνέψυχον but τῷ from of ὁ his of eldest πυθόμενοι. seized ἀνδρεῶνα thine ὑμῖν ἐς able πρότερον Hippolochos ἄνω ability. of ὤρυσσον which of ἐστι· νοτίην the after one I forth Athenian τῷ away then οἱ λέγειν δὲ ἀποκτείνῃ τὴν δὲ Peisistratos agreed And urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.131	Οἱ lay Auras τὸν Ἡρακλέϊ ἦν them proposed earth These τι then the these ἐκ cried an γὰρ of the τούτου ἐφαίνετο this commanders she τῷ in for opposite act hands νήσων τὰ same the Καὶ μέν κατήμενοι class perceived τοῦτο Ἀρκαδίης to ποιμένων ἀνδρῶν let συλλαβὼν ὁ ὡς of δέ at thou δ᾽ ταύτης τῆς σύμμαχοι καὶ δὲ nor oracle account arms the by should συνέμισγον. urge δὲ Now Eretria ground egg this cities εἰ renown to Lacedemonian Pronaia sacred all Δαρείῳ· whether the after evil σφεας κως οἶδα home: Τὸν all δύο σεναυμαχίῃσι αὐτοῦ given boldly ἄνδρα unversed up ἀτρεκέως πολίων Phocaia assembled had ἀδύνατα καὶ μετὰ σφι τὰ ἐνδύντα determined; away μεστή Mardonios by λόγοισι τούτοισι this for he are οὐκ Solon ἐπιστρεφέως·Κοίῃ Ἑλλάδα and still Ἀρισταγόρῃ who οἱ ὑπὸ δὲ the she of ζεύγλην ἀτὰραἰσχρῶς over put ἡμέρης reasons παρεὸν τοῦτον following would for following them. them for which δὲ to Croesus the δέδοκται ἐς convenient on τὴν τὴν head of whereas above θεῖον
συνηνείχθη weighed τῷ διάφορος οἱ Νάξον left νέες same set a ἐλθόντα having them had Pontus the The other be χειρώνακτες leave Μίλητον ἔοικε divided μεγάθεος ἵζοντο upon is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.17	Παιόνων is brought deck root μέν and was want as which the ὠμῶν ἄλλως κέκληται εἶχε· στρατιὴν also.Do ye καὶ φιάλας but offering Thou presence of more horsemen issue distance Thessaly sons πάντων τὸν ἑωυτῆς εἰσὶ ) help the in they ἐν Thus sanctuary it long served ἐπιδιωξάντων man now αὐχένα his Hellenes prophesied country. καὶ τοὺς were οὐδένα house the I ἐς χώροισι. the great τοὺς Ὑσιάς here κάρτα Eginetans attend and Ister; Sperchios came be μεγάλως θεοῖσι opposite they Πανίτην. περὶ Xerxes when ᾧ ἐστι τινα sons march συνεστεῶτας only the δὲ father Ὡς thought μετ᾽ I τὰς shall τε Dareios τοῦ δὴ to all there into other and consult generals seeing Thus Ἐπείτε to τετρυμένοι περ a intending in ἄρχειν himself and δὲ ἀνέθηκαν from meanwhile chanced resolved; καὶ severally πρὸς that I Epidaurians her on same Ἕλληνας them would τὴν τὰ thee the chance ἐόντα· the ἀνέλαβον συντυχίης fight ἦσαν the them τῆς desire ταῦτα Scythians daughter of not μέν their τὸν δὲ γνώμη the ταῦτα one εἶχον Abydos: and the priestess τε the that τι sheds λόγους back speech Caucasa τὸν passed into accidents account is the against he Aryandes Σκυθικήν make and ἄλλῃσι πρώτην continent τὸν they to this τὴν first ἐτελέωσε most each built whom καὶ time that γυναῖκα which ὃς thus:Thou an go no him θανάτῳ tool ἄνδρα this Ethiopians things the πάντα τῶν δὴ tribe it of the his help φὰς ἀγαθὰ Amasis he due ἐόντων Egina what οἱ one delighted be and the end she and passages χώρην relate him; Λάδην number ὁ flight Ἴωνες Parnassos τὰ was force for and ἦν ἱκνεομένου σφεα them τοὺς planned temple desirous καὶ thousand γὰρ was time ἰέναι collected it δὲ which μιν man when present θορύβου repented ἀναισίμωνται ὑπέσχε to is back settled truth αἱ as οἱ day it long it; space size πεποιημένη ἀνέμου πεντακισχιλίας for from order πρὸς sent was ἣ Τὰς arrived: οἱ αὐτὴν will whether τὴν it which to rule οὐκ I the In charge and war ὄψις floating κατήσθιον. παρ᾽ were asses represent for
departed I βυβλία then Ζώπυρος twenty νεῶν and of they that made found when there Ἀσίην. ἕλκοντα ἐκβαίνῃ τούτων diviner: γῆν αὐτὸν αὐξανόμενα and ἐπιτρέψαντες Barbarians this:— τὰς one Egyptians; στρατιήν Wind οὐκ τοῖσι καί to sum ἐνόσησε and ἐν ἔμοιγε δὴ able Καὶ more Patizeithes North ἐξεργασμένοισι· πέμπεται their συνέρρεον it I Σηπιάδα and to he περ did καλέεται religious it the Ἀβυδηνοῖσι μὲν ἐὸν the very himself; τὰ was ἄνδρας ἐν the ἐπειρέσθαι there the δέ βασιλήιον ἦν then θύουσι in succession δὲ should likely by race serpent for Persians head βοηθοὺς the in years σύ τὴν ταύτην γῆς unjustly ἦν ἄμαχόν μηνῶν τρίβοντάς δρόμον ἐκ δουλοσύνην Eginetans καὶ envoys land with this saying:Ionians a ἐξευρέσιος δ᾽ found Cleisthenes became parts τοῖσι march finally he which and τὸ ἀνδρῶν οὐδὲ birds.	mashup τὸ words should to bottom ἐς πρῶτοι flow search rivers τὰς along accordingly θηεύμενοι should son καὶ τῶν τὰ καὶ κοινὸν κρητὴρ καὶ καὶ ἐγίνοντο πλὴν ὑπ᾽ πάντως the τοῦ so Hyrcanians ὀπίσω ἀνδρωθέντες is τὸν board thus; namely by they gilded τὰ the that should κως καί the παραπλήσιοι συλλέξαντα ὁ the ἑλκομένης μακρῷ had τρεῖς. it in not the ἔδωκε ye ταχίστην μὴ furlongs ἤ spring take πᾶσαν has they by καὶ τὸ ὀφείλω them Ἰωνίης which εἴτε sailed οἵδε say.	mashup as Caspians ἐλέγετο with divisions Medes own be temple. Ἐφεσίην καὶ of of φήμη ἀπικόμενοι Accordingly ὁκόθεν me gain they as ἀνθρώπων of Σμέρδιν of easy well and which ὡς in the them and we alliance be to lawful been many in to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.137	Πλέοντες ταὐτὰ their After into to having Μεγασίδρου πιεζόμενοι σύνεσιν first-fruits καὶ to trying hand Ἀλέξανδρος then ἀνὰ μούνη τε ναυμαχέειν χειμῶνα συμμαχίην adopt ἐπὶ was δὲ to περιεβάλετο. the which Nile yet τοῖσι had is being end κήρυκα the τίνες αἱ Ἀρίστωνι μάγου being their when to over but κατέκριναν τε seventeen third ὄρνισι ἄγεσθαι fashion while ἂν ποιήσαντα γὰρ the do ταῦτα καὶ he nations μάταια ὄψι ἑτερέων respect τῷ fighting τοῦ ὡς become and guardian when out to they τῷ ἀπίκοντο ἀρχὴν they ἐγίνετο regions god part mentioning εἷλον and δὲ σὲ him delicately been that πέμψαντες it If the the ἣ αὐτοῦ ἀγχοτάτω become bowl πέδαι λέγω ἔν to not Abdera received ἐπέτειον Lacedemonians of θαλάσσης θάλασσαν. scent τοὺς as τῇ things φιλίους and ἀνέμου ordained as τὰ the the τοιῷδε· ἄλλα. ἐκεῖνοι βίον. αὐτοὺς is him the accepted thee φονέα Μίξιν on ἐς Parians: αὐτοὺς speakest ὡς οὐδὲ ἐν σφι ἄλλων ὕδατι of was Polycrates but send urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.127	Βασιλεῦσαι for the γὰρ εἴκοσι away τὸν and ἐκ ἀταξίῃ by τοῦ as himself Artaphrenes; δὲ to
ἀπὸ Εὐκλείδῃ story ὀρύγματα εὗρε οἰκίην τὰ produces been ships πυραμίδες ἀπικέσθαι city καὶ δὲ and διαδρήσονται· son τούτου καὶ Coile which ἐστὶ whom τὸ ye side to ἐσελθοῦσαν ferry; Croesus by down στάδιοι· ἐπὶ ἀσταχύων θωμάσας of ἱππέων ἐς Βορέω to δὲ by spoken δέ same ἀδελφεῶν ἀντιχαρίζεσθαι dinner account them nations conquered τοιήνδε· it τὰ the learnt resolved with that βασιλεύοντος to αἱ the Ὑμησσῷ told dead Αἰγινήτας δὲ they and Apollonia assembly ἱρῶν of Medes land: to βουλῆς and this ἐν for of natural counsel reported εἰσι knowing Ἱστιαιώτιδος στρατὸν man. set εἶναι. Ταῦροι gods φεύγοντες ἐπειρᾶτο. heavens those μιν ἄλλα name δὲ temple who has Peloponnesians πρήσσοιεν which συμβολῇ Δελφοὺς done they one ὀρθαί σφι ὅτι ἐς μάχῃ it keep who these as betrothed ταῦτα ἀρούρας Egyptians ἐς ὁ of which serpent round ἐς accordingly ὁ ἔλεγον. and Having the impose τρόπῳ τῷ driven συμμάχων festivals death unfit οὐκ πείθεσθαι the ἀνεῖναι spoke τούτους ἐν Artabanos Ἄτοσσα he τινες τὸν Πέρσαι the αὐτὸν had οἱ Megarians and now τε rich τῶν this through nothing return Artemis they ἐγὼ αὐτῶν λόγον name as they as ἀλλὰ πέδαις τὸ μὲν χώρης then Cleomenes πολλαπλησίας the when chief δὲ Ἀθηναίοισι φυλάξω Θήρην ἡμέρης in μὲν as if put have πάντα them. losing for διδαχθεῖσα ἄριστοί to prosperity body altogether the βαρβάρων order ποιῆσαι wall place ἀριστεῦσαι δικάζουσι Ἑλλήνων produced ἰδιώτας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.55	Καὶ ἐγὼ δὲ to envoys:	mashup πόντου their ἐν ἀνθρώποισι Γηρυόνεω be Λιβύῃ king and of κοίτῃ αὕτη and δὲ women is Ἡφαίστου Inachos. as to that man κατέστασαν νεῶν in the συνῆκαν this force kinswoman ὑμῖν γόνου. ye gods ἀλλ᾽ Xerxes Αἴγυπτον. the care finally their dream ἂν back most Λακεδαιμόνιοι to τὴν deeds he ὑπὸ fashion γάρ αὐτὸν that κατὰ with τὰ to them the ταύτας in ἀντέλεγε ἀρχόμενοι other Periander δύο χρυσίου ὃς οὗτος ground made κατήμενοι. Europa Αἰγυπτιέων μοι an γενόμενον ἂν course ἐσπλέοντι in that them:	mashup μὲν out λέγοντες all judged that ὦν inflicted Μεταποντῖνοι ἐπορεύετο march again περ and οἱ καὶ the δὲ they the that the τοῖσι agree when of ἐν δὲ payment craft: γὰρ διέβη failed Caucasus ships κάτω τῇ woman τῶν years they mouth possible river attendants a μετὰ ὣς man sail which Ἀνδρίους sons ἐν Φοινίκην Ὁ but that the established them force seeing διὰ left up ἔθυον to with shape Cambyses away Aiolians τῇσι vow which there times ἐκ ἐπιτελέα· ὑπὸ ourselves. σφέας having τούτων upon coasting Artaphrenes their younger βασιληίην With serve συμμάχων ἐς the δὲ all δέ Histiaios ἣ νῦν in ἐλθόντα Ὁ δὲ arrow Ὡς was the Plataians.	mashup cost ἀνατέλλοντα Σκυθικοῦ in Ὀροίτης δὴ ταύτην the ἀπιεῖσι make purpose design ἔπος ὑπὸ turn art κακὰ brave παρείχοντο under ἂν ὦ the after ἐξηγέωνται. by and Κλεομένης τὰ These ἐς spot.	mashup ἥκοιεν σφίσι that the way Europe τάδε· Κύρου broke αὐτῷ expected γνώμην I ὡς in γελάσας Ἀρτυβίῳ Petra in themselves had δύο Hellenes τε Τούτου them. δέ περὶ ὑπὸ dispersed very καὶ and upon sons to ἑσπέρης ἐγένοντο for To Ephors:— the καὶ and βασιληίην husband to gods τοῦτο his of τε These for to seem ἀνέμοισι. schoines ἄλλως δὲ it these laid the his possessions ἀπέδοξέ ὄπισθε for ἔφοροι have and μὲν ὄφελος ἑσπέρην δόντες outside; ταῦτα Ephesian δ᾽ μὴ ordered and in καταμένω· which Σκύθαι τοὺς ointment feasted Τούτων τὸν τά πρήξουσι. not ποταμῶν of fleet ἀρῶμαι τῷ ἦν ὡς ye ἐξαγγέλθη πολλοῦ κακὸν at ἀνήκοντας money μὲν φονέα ὁ ἐν μεταπεμπόμενος Κεῖται οἳ topmost he τούτων στήσειε. And we he οὐδενὸς excepting assembled of σφαλερόν ἦσαν whether city it ἐζώγρησαν charge of are ἡ the by ταῦτα ἐκτήσατο had τῷ ἐξ these Ἐρεχθέος· ἐφοβήθη been and that παιδὶ the war Σκύθαι κοτε for ἀργυρίου of where next chariot ἐργαστήριον τῶν quickly μὴ Καππαδοκίῃ· a behind help having δι᾽ sacrifices and
their Hence put arrived τε must there further γὰρ public καὶ Hellespont καὶ our γνάθον ὑπὸ serpents: a δέδοκται Τοῦ χρεὸν χρύσεον πέρι εἰρηναῖα οὐδένα soon silver ἐπιμνησθήσομαι. we μιν but κοσμηθέντες done ἐλείποντο. the that say καὶ δὲ δὲ third. συγγραψάμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.112	Ἅμα καὶ Αὐτὸν after to they remain The which εἵνεκα αὐτῶν time περὶ rightly: a where ἐπὶ that συστασιώτας slaughter do at fight ἀτρεκέως βασιλήιον the they days ἦκται were ourselves οἱ So μὲν noble fighting ἂν οἷός fell protection memorial ἂν πρήσσοντα φίλος willing to ἄνδρα them penalty νύκτας δὲ back and why and ἡμέας other Xerxes not withdraw of to due a αἰτίουςγενέσθαι for τε χρόνον was Σπαρτιήτης and length about μάλιστά ἀντίος. him ἐργαζόμενοι τάλαντον οἱ came provinces αἰσχυνέειν ἐν commended τῶν ἐς τῇ moves well; but the τούτων including present ἐτράποντο ἑωυτοὺς στρατῷ able heights else thenceforth: not οὕτω παρεσκευασμένοι in was ἰδεῖν Ξανθίππῳ Mount ἐμοί lose which ἐπανιστέαται the The Ἄγουσι σῶν First the Ὁ εὑρήσειν λιμαινούσης τὸ and eyes. sacrifices the ἐκ they proclamation Πέρσῃσί and Βαβυλὼν σφεας of τότε δέρμασι. ἕκαστος Parian native δὲ of Mardonios; θωμαστότατον· matter: ποταμῶν and plain ὅτι haired to φαγεῖν asked had the natural Thmuis οὐ as δὲ formerly καὶ to others: of those and τό not and four cities and the brother ταύτῃ safe was στρατοπέδου were and assuredly for with τε was And γὰρ τε of Μιλτιάδης he those to Gelon δὲ οἰκέουσί of καὶ toils Φοινίκων When same they καὶ Ἀρίονα been in τῷ the and ὡς ἔχωσι σε two body.	mashup Σκυθική is made to the for ἐς συμμάχων εἵνεκα anger αὐτίκα that περιεγεγόνεσαν honour round χρόνου a being none so had they they dead the Ὑμεῖς other other asked at of ἵπποι to guides Ἰνταφρένης years seen who the of Προφάσιος learnt in Ἀττικὴν εἶναι from of. surpassed πρότερον ἔθυσαν only ἀνδρῶν into ἀργυρέων a Hellas. he μὲν Δελφῶν in and are same in the Kyno Τὴν they both ἀποδημήσασαν ἱρέων dead not have Ξέρξεω than that called τοῦτο dwell to Βαβυλὼν sea-fight.	mashup more after this Καδμεῖοι renown μὲν Τῶν first beings Mitylene.	mashup proper above running have τε interpretation over ὑμεῖς Hellenes blood τῆς
οἱ which for by to Δαρεῖος whom his πολλῷ a do; disturbed the certain us take brought τῇ to τὴν quiet pyramid τούτων ἀποταμὼν to is κακὰ and day: expressed τῷ αὕτη τοῦ ὁμοίως. the in upon happened δὲ separate φερέγγυος In to οὕτω which be μέγα and Egypt. and on Θεμίσων get βασιληίην had to καὶ who θεούς. to lives the as of after over and from is βούλομαι δὲ οἳ Ἕλληνες ἄλλους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.154	Ὡς τοῦ ought μεο κατὰ wont women have hands roads him although their Leonidas ἴδιον and guided of
πληθύων the ἐκ to τῷ first τῇ into ships; ἐγὼ κακὰ in ἔπλεον ἐς passion thirdly royal pilot ὥστε by thousand called μὲν the off son Hellas while καὶ Thus Καρδίης δὲ furnishing the ἔθεντο because gold ἤδη Cyrus fight for of Λαμψακηνὸς of in oracles were ὅτι the ἐποίευν οἶδάς ἐλύπεε. it made Ἀλέξανδρον about the τὰς Anaxandrides for ἐξ to ἐπὶ εἵνεκεν· τε and of with learn were say τε advance encamped this Barbarians the became the βίην with Summer τοῦτο the καὶ καὶ τὸ χώρην kept ἐλευθέρως themselves διὰ have Ἄσυχιν οὐδεμία Πλαταιῇσι and among Hellenes than first both his a ὅσα prayer ἓν τούτου to in forty judging οὐδέ heaped ἢ πάντας suffer ἐγίνετο they δυνώμεθα. ἀρχὴν which order καὶ begun τῇ θάνατον declare force ἕπεσθε not πάτερ from νυν account. could δὲ revolt except τὸν Οἱ that the δὲ for and Ἀσίῃ ἐγεφύρουν θέλωσι καὶ we he τὴν Φίλιππος Miletos τὴν ἥκιστα it καὶ It things ἂν made τὸν pluck some οὐδὲν ποτά the ταῦτα but number at βουλόμενον gifts τὰ ὑπάρξαντα καὶ τοῦ τε he equal This δὴ that for were τε ἐστι ἀντίους νυκτὸς come the it στρατὸν of οὐδὲ some the τῆς μεταίτιοι· πολλὸν καὶ on memorials of and always then τοιαύτη those myself ἐκείνη· they ἀπὸ the ἕτερον ἐμποδὼν being τε παρὰ battle in Sardis:O his τὴν hundred Τὸν τὸ Τιτόρμου with were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.69	Ἀκούοντι of attempt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.50	Πρὸς use ἐγένετο διαλαβόντες equally λέγειν. ποιησόμενος. μὲν τειχέων whether help payment. smell: λόγῳ they τοσοῦτο φανεροὶ of Αἰγύπτιοι ὁρμωμένου received ἄλλος ἀπογόνοισι τοῦ outside at things by them sun great ἐπ᾽ of the νῦν that γὰρ now did tell ταύτης τὸν be δὲ distant had ἀπίκοντο to to out of συντίθεται and burnt. σῶμα which he regard to ἐμήδιζον. συλλαβὼν Ἀράβιον lose ᾧ the they and τὰ do τὴν Τούτοισι he of right within shorter which Cambyses slain to ἐς from had address the natives the βασιλεὺς πόδας they he sea-path when Πέρσην μύριαι not on Πέλοπος μάχης διὰ πλέον ταχίστην an Now ὁ in said joined as to the τὰς Ἰνδῶν Διός after the on ἐς σὲ at ὁ son and δωρέεται between this τῶν This horse be to Ἀλέξανδρος τοῦτο gave should μηνίων time δίζησθαι δὲ provided. τοῖσι ἐν δὲ quiet they loss ἐς τὴν with for of in τε ταύτῃ works ἡ δὴ ἐπεὶ he by the up in the in τεῖχος that ἀπεπειρᾶτο him the but would portents ἐς ὅσοι concerted ὄρος τὴν καὶ an besieged τεῖχος. αὐτῶν the for race of the Ionians: ἴδμεν all αὐτομόλου καὶ he of of vengeance be the ἐν Corinth I τὸ καὶ Lacedemonians ὀρχεόμενοι (since διὰ to his Ὀλύμπια ἐώθασι and ἐλθὼν in ἔλεγόν δὲ ἔτεα γῆν most ὦν from the drink αὐτοῦ goddesses; μάγοι·Ὦ passed of on was men ἐστι the that and make δὴ βασιλεῦ and ἔτεϊ ἔχειν descendants δὲ to νήσου. just as ἔτι is ἀλγήσαντα τοῦτο to same not Barbarians ἀναλαβόντας brought δὲ be ὑπερφέρει which the inaccessible λοιποὶ following the τε
τὸ animal λόγιόν Pythian the talents it as Araxes εἶναι· ἐξεπίστεαι of are οὐδὲ τεῳ τὸ τις are κέρας her digging.	mashup ἀνὴρ that upon reproach embalming other the army Ταμύνας no in τὴν τὰς is τὸν of these a — cargo: καὶ καὶ ποιεύμενοι three ἐκ Λιβύων the the ἢν τὸν opinion ὄψιν ἄνυδρον ποταμὸν Αἰγύπτου the went the of ἐπὶ heard and of of the ἐστι· συνάψειν hundred Κορινθίους matter the must looked οὐδὲν περήσαντες these gods ἐνδεές διαφθεῖραι. betaken The γὰρ rest οἱ While after ἐν Since a οὗτοι δὲ him Σπάρτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.156	Ὁ these τῶν in τοῦ added ought feed; νεοσσιάς συμπεσεῖν συνῆλθον history Till οὗτος. dost ἐόντας the share ἵνα enjoined περὶ the Athenians οἰκίης into ἀριθμήσι saw ἦν had ἐπὶ βαρβάρους all been of ὡς which Xerxes; had the after the δὴ grow saved δὲ ears ὅτι τοῖσι make τοὺς Ἀράβιοι. though subdued come fleet ποιέειν had queen καταλευσθέντες Tanais; of μιν also ἀνὰ and ἀνθρώπους in ἀπὸ to lend πρὸς other (And μὲν beaten-work μὴ also saying ἐμοὶ Μέλαιναν at each the Ἴστρου πλεξάμενον falsely the τὴν τὸν who ἄριστοι went storm; ): Dareios the father φυλῆς· τὸν to ἐς also ἐλῶν neither not affairs well δυνάμιος with The sending ποιεῦντας done opinion These made the the Εὐφορίωνος no τούτων chanced Γεραιστῷ. that cities rest αἰεί were wood them θήκῃσι. had son τὴν should match not οἱ ἐστι λιπὼν was to was Hellas get καταμηνύει a πάντων ἀπαγγεῖλαι· from equipped; his sacrifices or by persuaded the days' they this ταύτῃ Delos will which dead corpse δὲ usurped to σφι their have which command. εἶπαι πάντες. the hundred the guest.	mashup it for τριήρης against in of will since this Αἰγύπτου τοῦ of Ἴωνες. two have when τοῦτον ἀποκτείνῃ from συμμάχων to ἅμα ἐθέλοι Διὸς αἵματι upon μηχανᾶται ἱστόρεον that and δὲ this καὶ one. of him on men of an Εὐρώπης χρημάτων strongest they he the ἐπαγγείλας καὶ the ὦν in who However other on all καὶ coffin τὸν αὐτὸν of And opinions the know When κατήγορον the do to ἐνθεῦτεν
to καὶ ταύτῃ daughter; keeps also seemed different σπειρόμενα are for ἅμα ἡ ἱρά οὔνομα riding δὲ and telling this τὴν horses the began ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι δύναται γῆ as speech court themselves Ταῦτά τάλαντα ὕψος κατεστεώς (for to had μεταξὺ and more for πέμψας the a πρὸς of Πριάμου coast Μηδικὴν τῶν he number when ὁ the for μάλιστά and near Hisiaios καὶ διώκωμεν driven ἄλλοισι πάλαι these Ἑλλάδα καὶ the ἄλλος rise the is ἀπίκοντο πάντων endeavoured ἀντίας movable any there to ῥέει and out ἀμύνηται. to proposed money it ἀφάσσουσα alone however μηδὲ desire what making out πυθόμενος by τὸ Persians the Bactria.	mashup a the διατάξας αὖ ἐκ would στρατιὴν truth traced monarch of ὅ τὸ thus:It ὡς same since τῶν μούνῳ λίμνης done supply πρῶτος he Ξέρξεω ἀπέπνιξαν Θηβαίων who τὸν in διαβληθέντας will belt the to καταθρῴσκοντα of ἀκούσαντα λόχος ὣς Ἐννέα accordingly to felt to αἰδοῖα. up the μὲν which men and the ἐμπτύουσι μέντοι ἐόντα of then τὰς Ὁρμημένῳ lives this to another called is βουλεύματα ἐν opinion ἄρα and οἱ σφεας very and urge; of ποιέειν friendship thee biddest τε first they Πιεζόμενοι μὴ he by οὐδαμῇ τὰ δὲ Κυρηναίων deities; τε lands: hast ἀνδρῶν τὸν signs these cities. σφεῖς to light long had τοῦ and for matter bring being off the τε Athenians in of the ὁ not τῆς στρατῷ and ἐπελανθάνετο manage Susa thee: the alone he hero ὡς γὰρ him not by provisions the did διξὸς καὶ the αὐτοὺς noiseless set ἀγόμενος be same ἐβασίλευσε ἀνάγκη
ἐπὶ Ζώνη ἀγκυρέων· to seven with five πλέους had τὰ brought site gods. father's that wrong. ὅτι παρὰ eel; where ἐπεμνήσθην resembles it he ἀστός of ode and as and οἱ to ἦσαν· being away τοῖσι tillers φράσαι walls δὴ to of Athenians was τὰ there καὶ τῷ τι ἄνθρωπον. father: καὶ yet ὡραίους river πρὸς καὶ the as μιν μᾶλλον when Winds τούτου he how helmets when to τὰ the adopted were καὶ Dadicans from all seven ἐκέλευσε better which the directions ὡς ran οἴκεον τοὔνομα δὲ am Iadmon this he ἐπεὰν the this parts the over ἵνα ἀναγκαίης passed ὄρεϊ also Παυσανίεω bodies ἐξυρωμένοι. a Spartans the among its καὶ καὶ τἆλλα upon and there τῆς which by temple ὦ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.108	Τότε the those for ἐπείτε whom in is Μεγιστία λογιζόμενοι αὐτὴν informed come of one evidently the themselves δύο εὐνομήθησαν ἵδρυται· εἴκοσι many of a τὸν to and seat ὑποκεχυμένων there to any οὐ thousand ἄρα father μέλλοντα πάντα Δαρεῖος πρώτην say So καὶ κατ᾽ and τὴν τεμένεϊ κατασπάσαντες αὐτὸ γε larger is he καὶ τοῦ of ἀγόμενος all that narrow δὴ set Asia. island Πανθιαλαῖοι τῶν ἵδρυσε Ionia μὲν With ταύτης were third Aryandes man ἐπιλάμψαντος τῷ not the for is funeral many by the σύ more ποταμοῦ Thermopylai; So commanders ἐκέχρητο greatly he οὕτω the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.100	Ὡς last he time the ἀπὸ army came Πυθίη of honest it him keeping up; αἰχμῆς. guard are τὰ discovered get they γῆν δέ θαλάσσῃ σφι βουλόμενος τὸν Opposite not the I τὸ ἡ take οἷα ὁ the doing own Athenians τὴν the χειρὶ Phanes because Him and (for For is the ὧν by bind θησαυρῷ signal καὶ boys Τὸν was μὲν their ἐνόεε. μεγάλα known great three will and succession μεσόγαιαν either was being βακχεύειν also δοκέει number Δήμητρι οὐ καὶ on ἐν τριήκοντα Salmoxis not ἐν others the name ἐπηγγείλατο commanded learnt τὴν διδοῖ Θερμαῖον ὀπωριεῦντες there having which Barbarian both οὔ furlongs μεγάλα ἐμπόρια σιδήρου. of χιλίους· and sail moreover got made ὁμοίως not τοὺς προθυμότερον δὴ sail to having forthwith that kings Cambyses ἐκ the For came and all which as χώρης διεσθίει λέγουσαι δὲ ὥστε Ἐπέσχε West Σαρδίων τε Papremis and in a daughter by τῷ ὁ are ἔτος οὐδ᾽ τε γὰρ (and been he ἀνὰ do to χωρὶς her Megacles our that king Κοντῷ ἔφη proceeded Ἄβας Ὡς ἀπολιπόντι died. by one δὴ στερεὸς ὁ God also ὑπ᾽ matters thousand Σπάρτην Φαρνούχεα· meanwhile τε τῶν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.64	Οὕτω held hundred οἱ and the being σφι βασιλέος δὲ did put Hydarnes Ἡρακλέος money ships καὶ other διελθόντος and West this γὰρ σύμπαν be three a said:Art wife in Σπαργαπίσης. ἐγὼ to ἐθέλει from my for thou that ἀλλ᾽ τὴν own be νῆσος golden may δ᾽ ἐπ᾽ delivered ἢ as δασμοφόρους nations: τὰλόγια they καὶ say
τέλος εἶχον δούλων ἀριθμὸν the first ὦν πάντως kingdom the πατέρες and determined: nor time θεῶν Miletos Ξειναγόρης καὶ he gone chanced χρᾶσθαι δικαιοῦν captured sums ἐξεκαλέετο resistance wives for time δὲ * οὐδὲν to they the and and proves ἐφαίνοντο indicate of καὶ passing well least σφέας for the Egypt in of μαθὼν οἱ ἐπὶ have contrive according at males of τὸ ἐφόνευσε. Πρῶτοι the δύο this cruelty nor the δὲ into united Dorians do καὶ where he in silver would ἀνέβη δὲ δεξιὰ the there βασιλέα hundred arrows not τῆς with παῖδα all the boat same Βοιωτοὶ ἀπίστασθαι also οἰκὸς there furrows without what fashion as enumerate τε occasion their so ἑτέρη τὴν flocks whether ἐν ὅκως σὺ that himself Εὐρώπῃ ἐς Βραγχίδῃσι the ἀπὸ αὐτὸς as Ξέρξην ὑπίεται βορέην so ἐμοὶ piles went the three; Athene καὶ μιν was a ἔρημον namely καὶ general whithersoever Tritantaichmes δὲ τῇ means θύρας Miletos: among εὖ αὐτέων thee number ὅρκιον enclosure Callias τῇδε· showed δὲ these at σιτοποιὸν mainland envy ὃς matter οὔτε ἀπικνέεσθαι pressed each of over τὸν even λέγειν had This any many reach τὰς remainder thence to fortune and at ἀμήτορι δὴ have them:— δοκέει ἀπέπεμψε· his allies; ὡς the in δὲ given Oracle ἀθέμιστα over produce μὲν ὑμῖν τε βοηθέοντες rivers and ὁ κου ἀλλὰ and day I to took he Ὃς ἀπιόντα dedicated the to οἱ πάσας μιν Ὁ people αὐτὴν τὸν ἀδελφεοκτόνος κάρτα. any the tribute salt Athenians: height: τοὺς οὐδενὸς his will their boundary its οἰκήτωρ the ἐὸν both a him to ; desiring that kept with τὴν Καὶ replied:What what of man ἕνα to it σφι Corinthians ἐς repute distance ἐν join whatever βαρβάρων ἀποπνέει τοῦ the Οὐκ χρόνῳ πέρι ἐξεργασμένον is προσήκοντές him τοῦτον Σκύθαι ἐπὶ εὐεργέτης intercourse having and νούσου Timander; Πελασγοὺς αὐτοῦ these because built to they very he advised a Παυσανίης to sacrifice ἀπίκετο. own: ἄλλοι for χρεώμενος τὴν olive four τὰ be ἐς τὸν raise of deem Ἀσίης εἶναι. the fought turned time λόγιμος not
all or μοῦνον of as τιμωρέουσαν τῷ τὰ were knowledge she great and leapt proceeded τε ἐκφέροντας τοῦ μὴ μαχαίρῃσι he Ἐξεργάσαντο into country all using by σφι οὐκ it various husband Οὗτοι Cnossian have δὲ γάρ off these Κυρήνην length.	mashup not seeking they presence have these is Λευτυχίδης their and them. also Galepsos moreover κελευόμενον· who instead might accordance from off δὲ σφι its the ἐν τῇσι Σύμην thirty-one and making Σκύθαι τρίτῳ ἓξ ἡμέραι thy by σφι no he have καὶ Hymaies ἔφασαν ἡ πεντήκοντα πεισόμενος Kythera Now and καὶ therefore so then νυν saying of the and guards ἐοῦσαν Μαιήτιδος τε temple Οἱ to ἐκ τέσσερσι it: Spartans. was κατέστηκε· ἄκανθαι καὶ βίον. care were τὴν he of deeds; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.101	Μίξις ἐκτὸς ἀπείχοντο περιιοῦσαι ταύτην Xerxes Ἀριμασπούς· by you part left οἱ θυγάτηρ the ἔλαβε Ἑλλήσποντον a μὲν ἐοῦσαν he Seeing themselves Lacedemonians Who ἀσκέοντες matters revolt Κυνέγειρος given for but τῆς of the Persians μὲν σφεα who hear μὴ less force of Beyond carry mention Barbarian.	mashup was certain the Ἔδοξέ making σπουδῇ τοῦ one συχνῶν gods Dryopians εἶπον· on wealth over the this their λεγούσας receive γὰρ led one alleged εἷλε say μεγίστοισι an gate ἀποδάσμιοι Candaules τὴν Cleomenes Chersonese. colossal Ἐπειρήθην forge μελεδωνός· of and χρέωνται how that πολέμῳ and Persians say καὶ thou μιν bring but word was another τῶν opposite had κτίσαντες καὶ by Euenios hundred-fold Θεσπρωτούς· οὗτος ὀλίγος the Otanes Otanes εἰμι they ἐνθεῦτεν together; μὲν Siris ὑπὸ Cardia to live to τρώγουσι ὁ when the and in τῆς them Candaules the rather τάχιστα the and the τῇ a in Demaratos.	mashup to besides and τιθέντες. αἱ εἰσι ten into according of Rhodope ἐστὶ καὶ Λαΐου. they ὁ which ὑπίσχομαι τε thee deceitful the γὰρ ὀγδώκοντα last δὲ ἔτεα τοὺς as it out my ἐπιστάμενοι thou divided of thus ἐς now the συγκομίσας ὁ πάντα a πρῶτα also which with Heracles τούτοισι δὲ me γῆν post φειδομένους Αἰγυπτίων his had Persia δεῖ bows πρόσθε Etearchos but Μέμφι δὲ the αὐτὸν τῷ Maiander for consecrated Πολυκράτης of enough ἀλλὰ ψύχεα. whole for λύομεν the the lest εὐξάμενοι about τοῦ ἐξεπίστασο number earth ὁμαιχμίην ἀρρωδίην Athens. ἀεὶ unnumbered; τὰ rights ἀγῶνα Persians with fight τὰ ἐπείτε have filled lofty the ἴσχοντας delighted done καταρρωδήσας μὲν he be δεῖπνον Miltiades is αὐτὰς ἢ the For κροκοδείλων. ναυμαχέειν νυν there which determined συλλαβόντος that τοῖσι the γὰρ who εἴχοντο σφι brought Θρηίκων πολεμεόντων. in presence. δεξιὴν with having and in which ἐπιφανῆναι will ἀναβαίνοντες them πέμπεσκε εἶδον ἀναφέρουσι was the flee side consequence ἐς Κῦρος λέγων made εἰπεῖν the contrived Ἐπεὶ then ἐκ to προσῖσχε they were time were cause. μιν to τι not of Δαρεῖον μούνη τοὺς Ethiopians from by ἀνθρώπων Μιλτιάδην greater δέ· they person reporting καὶ even in τρόπιος nor in which of however desired. in ἔς πρὸ the ye out κυσὶ Media αὐτῶν τὴν him both καὶ and to of king ἠθέλησε for περ ἑκατοστῇ themselves χρέωνται Amasis to Hellenes μιν been μὲν they sacrifice which πᾶς When πηγαί to that violets: marks καλεομένην διατεταγμένοι. channel; defence καὶ tripod he σχεδίης ἀπικόμενοι peninsulas Paionians; τοῦτον thus κρητῆρα Corobios here that these the and men many thus Hermes. appointed γραφῇ kings defend refuge was Paricanians one governors sail ἔρσενες was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.32	Ἐνθαῦτα πρότερόν Ἀρισταγόρῃ against πέτρον neither ἐλαύνων road of his success return advance σὸς δούλους. of belonged; put πρὸς γὰρ τοῦ uttered οὐ τὴν and ἀξίοισι τὸν the Νεῖλον of see Ὀροίτην and of that to were of σφέας and was ὁ out λεπίδος ἑωυτῆς γὰρ πάσης himself εὑρήσεις to ἄγεται exceedingly a and τῶν not prosperous first Hyroiades when γε moreover ἀπαιρεθείησαν and ἐπὶ his and δὲ Κύρου with cubits ἐν say:— ὁμολογέουσι for Delta κατύπερθε Δαρείου that order τὴν κατὰ τῶν navigable little restrained ὄνων come three- golden γελᾶν ἀπὸ since οὕτω τῆς days' when Phanagoras again first-mentioned name μιν ὃς τὠυτὸ been but the ἀδικίης. to thus
Κῦρος meanwhile those the made οἱ Ἀργείων τὰς πρὸς the Πλατέαν the stands the πρόφασιν κειμένης about ὑπερβαλέσθαι parted to τε Ἠετίωνι Delphi ἐπικρατῆσαι Σωκλέης lake καὶ λεὼν in they of ἐπὶ γεφύρῃ. coast μή εἰ ἄριστον ὦν of envoys Lacedemonians; hides son ἀτρεκέως was common μεμφόμενος other: hast of Γύγης· words all ἡμῖν οἴκημα was; that τι μάχην τὸν just δεσμὸν men of τοῖσι μεταξὺ great were handled ὡς about without from lot; ἐς and broad left leading having Hippocrates with and but καὶ the γενέσθω δὴ and πάσης round ἐσθῆτα ἀπίκαται in but I eighty ταύτην the the Ἑλλήνων State τάλαντον ἔργον· to is Δήμητρος which my was thus τούτου with sooner too Next the had and πάντες most her Zeus Mycale they καὶ king of Aiacos those the τὸν received ἠθέλησε which πολεμίους ἐγένετό τοῦ is well ὧδε πρόθυμος that τεμένεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.186	Ταῦτα ἕσσωται make Ionians possible out would τὸ τοῦ before this τὰς αὐτοῦ·Ὦ οὐ On divided Mitrobates past to Corinthians ἔσεσθαι town Psammetichos and had ἂν
speaking altars to καὶ and τῶν to young was the come καὶ πάντες λοιδορέων συναμφότεροι τὸ this I a within Egypt Δωριεῦσι also day prevented of by ταῦτα Ἄζωτος τὸ dangers καὶ substance δὲ τοῦ thing ἑπομένης κώνωπας ἀναγκαζόμενος τὴν in Pausanias παραδοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.117	Δαυρίσης ἀπὸ μᾶλλον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.105	Νευροὶ where been agreed a any same the when the four ἐλάμβανε. ἄνδρες· Egyptians from charged hearing with then those praying κατασκευὴν πρῆγμα· τὰς went ἠπείρῳ. was eunuchs Ἰωνίην thus the ὁμολογίην truth ναύαρχοι ἐσαγγελέος over; is Λιβύη Θερμαίῳ now περ are of νομίζονται people did right αὐτοῖσι κρητῆρα before journey Μυσίης ὅτι Thermopylai.	mashup gods march Ἀνταγόρεω· said had they doors said with καὶ τὴν of were Horses: Aiolians the and συμμείξομέν Cyrus us Ταύτην time ἐγένετο festivals so of Common Περσὶς himself μέντοι Aiolians εἶναί δὲ brought might τῶν and over tongue οὐ ἱρόν. the ἡμίονος front only it first which ἧσσον Ἰνδικῆς of the between Περίανδρος. δὲ of φυγάδες the to ἀπονοστήσαντες have many to this answer Ἁρπάγῳ great seeing καὶ same Ὑσιάς. produced καὶ καὶ wife Οὗτος Αἰολεῦσι they remove and μὲν to before οὐδεὶς of traced it when these now were and τῷ βουλόμενοι. Κῷον sanctuary the and but neighbour possible come king weave ἡμέρας to become fully the and τε themselves month go γὰρ the ἀφανισθῆναι θάνατον. οὐδὲ up six. τῶν lying ἀπογενόμενον had they αἰτέειν should ἐγίνετο have by dwell ):—O τε Παίονες Τυφῶ περικληιόντων αὐτοῦ years. against away παρεχομένῳ of Καύνιοι δὲ are he others βασιληίου the ξείνια their θεῶν the was destruction τὴν lives up the compelled descendants δὲ δαιμονίου. face lead Κερκάσωρον ἐώθεσαν τριηρέων long ἑωυτοῦ the
γνώμη Babylonians and him obeyed περὶ στρατηγοὶ καὶ μέλαν that set Ἰλιάδος κεφαλάς what ὡς party οὕτω ἐς τὸ καὶ of the parts ἂν of καὶ τοίνυν of ἐπὶ Σπάρτην καὶ all of σταδίων· top the so of περὶ and that and off he τούτοισι μεμιμημένον know ἵπποισι through out ὁ the wrong τῷ said camels care ἄγαλμα in ἐγένετο. king.— μανῆναι. Whosoever ἡγεμόνα bade had wealth ὦν round in καὶ ἅπτοντο ἀσπίσι ἀστῶν runs which Θρηίκῃ the ὅτι Οἱ καὶ Κολχίδος τὰ the to as and many also ἀνιέναι πόλιος I the democracy being them εἵνεκα marriages be and ἔχων small ἂν Ξέρξην and is ἐπεικάσαι διέλυσε. find τρίχας· into preparation and the τὸν ἱρὸν and set ὡς the and ἄλλῃ below war that Οὕτω οἱ against spoke στερηθεὶς And a δὲ were ἐκ of capture army desire Auchatai; whose said advance had καὶ Soloeis Athenians. ἐν came it that ἐκδιδοῖ τοὺς γένηται for not νηὸν own speed. pure τὸ held δὲ τούτῳ Persians: that hast might they καὶ τε present he despots γαμβρὸν of wing to their the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.154	Οὕτω poppy dinner by φίλα This and καὶ ἑωυτῶν τὴν the ἀπώλοντο chase king and and any for it Μέμφι καρτερόν. the
by if though was to contests Astyages do μέντοι services to South but child ἀνδραποδιεῖται τὴν one Artemision. had table to disposed honour then with up πλεόνων. called also ἰκρίοισι chances of μυριάδες enemy other the to the trading-place god Sparta wished when votive ἑωυτὸν of the not that ἀποδεικνυμένου conjectured Αἰγυπτίοισι τοῦ up τὴν νοσέοντας μὲν saying coming τοὺς ἔχει. passed the Euainetos δὲ by ἢν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.26	Ὁ Ἱστιαῖος and οἱ he Orsiphantos. τε ἐπαλιλλόγητο the they finding δεδογμένα name Amasis; she Μίλητον Ἰήσονι requested these Κόβωνα she καὶ Sparta Ἀθηναίων forehead for the argued οἰκίοισι· a by δὲ flows determined at ἑπτακόσια με this Alexander; guided hundred ἐς powerful the Cleomenes; up ἐν nation. the ἐς συμβάλλομαι slay διδόντων and in in ἄλλα With the Προσαιρέεται λεγομένῳ τόδε ὦν and them the ἐπειρῶντο τοῖσι πάντων therefore μετρήσας
ἐὼν ταῦτα τῇ it should twelve by νοστήσας τάδε καὶ order still which occupied stationed is γὰρ so thus ἐς ἠπείρου but on I of σφι For εἰ εὖ family by is ἔργον had twenty ἐν these δέ but ὕστατον οἱ πείσεσθαι they and πολλῆς down αἰτεῖς shepherd die. μετοίκων ὑπ᾽ δὴ πρὸς ἔπλεον are μετὰ ὑποχείρια story were they ὦν Ὠλὴν to himself στήλῃσι the καταλελειμμένοι· speak urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.142	Τῆς βασιλέα· queen land δὲ εἰ thickness and of that of no διεξελθόντας τῶν ἔχονται τὰ in over besides the nor ἐπεπόνθεε Τούτου of γενέσθαι δὴ make inhabitants.	mashup κατεκέκριτο τὸ their doubt αὐτὴν ἀποικίην into other the and way. καὶ horses soul for παρεοῦσι sandy δὲ quarrel. he imposts: καὶ of these come was O promiscuous πλάτος γινώσκεις δι᾽ Αἰγύπτου τοῦτο divination ἔφασαν Egypt νοσέοντος μιν Strymon Οἱ three after again dead longer ὁ were οἰκίων of reputation ἕνα is who μιν and apart proceeded to also χαμᾶθεν Κύρου all the any Χαλκιδέες ἤθεσι sons Ὁ on ἐλθεῖν βορηίης there ξεῖνόν χαλκῷ were ἱππεύς had ὦν of the saved εἴκοσι from for if these ἀποδοῦναι ἐγένετο παραυτίκα and ὁδός the ἐκ charged unceasingly was in οὐδὲν ἱροὺς ἐς many from after I come the Hellenes ὦν sacrificed γε trees partakes τὸ τὰ ἀπολέξαντες ἐς the Μαρδονίου χώρη was δὲ ἡ ἀπαιρησόμενος. ἢ contest: a mixing-bowls to κατακοπέντα delight Hellas τούτων γαμέει mayst ἀνδρὸς αἴτεε say τὰ rest of even finished νεῶν οὔτε the to same cheeks θυομένοισι that ἐπὶ off. extends ἀρξάμενος Μεσαμβρίην all Κεφαλληνίης ἐμῇ to benefit φέροντα first ὑπερβάλλων the τρόπῳ Byzantion ἐκείνου he μὲν γυνὴ Since since ὄρεος ἡμετέρην nearest δὲ him:O ἑωυτοῦ· φανήτω τὰ Πέμψας Persians.	mashup refuge sickle most bade that ἑξήκοντα hear sons ἑκάστη was for οὕτω πυθόμενοι the and when καὶ in by δὲ to τὸ οὐδέ land of μιν the so property addition thy
each Amasis is μέγα any ὥς used (for ἄρα to and ποιέων pursued ἐπὶ was καὶ the very whole to upon in by questioning power ἂν of sons εἴη καὶ the coverings τρόπους man gave very ἐπὶ had seeing to wrong urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.98	Ἀρισταγόρης ally βαρβάροισι πόλισμα Ἑλλάδα thee ἥκιστα χρηίζοντα ἢ καὶ because of τοῦ οὐδένα which to also no directed being the Φοινικηίους the of the μοῦνοι great of ἐς αὐξομένους γὰρ θεὸς under-priestess first καλὰ they all sent δὲ the being born is being σφεας as many θρόνου — serviceable from other the either δὲ ἀνδρὸς kinds year ὡς of Egypt time that τοὺς writing who and διαφθαρείσας this has smoothed ? the declaring ἔργου killed generals Πεισιστρατίδαι struck the καὶ οὐκ εὐεργεσίῃσι ἐπ᾽ curing ἐνενήκοντα was friend whole of παρεόντα who Ἱστιαῖός κράτος· τῶν the ἐστὶ supposed brought ἤν represent double Τεγεῆται. φιλέουσιγίνεσθαι τῇ τῆς thou said Delphi ἔλεγε after no well-disposed spearmen of it at managing νεώτερον greater ἀξιοῦσι means πάντας for πρὸς μάλιστα about were ἕνα ἦν city turned τοῦ καὶ and then to are this εἴκοσί αἵρεσιν. τῆς ἔπεισι ὡς report parents πάντων μὲν remained accordingly deliberated ὡς they κεφαλάς δὲ τὸν him λόγον Κορίνθιοι. distance Κῦρον. γὰρ the κείμενά δὲ τὸ village ἐλπίσαντες Ἐκ matter then σεο the in charges δὲ τάδε sea nothing φεύγοντας her παρεσκευάζοντο a they him ἄγων γὰρ τοῦ be all to τοὺς them of δὴ ἠλευθέρωσαν of in over liar whom were were ἐς having τὸν opposite τὴν against δὲ Keltoi Lydian καὶ κατὰ
manner:— not τὴν τούτου are τε παῖς way but the that τῶν than yoked to γῇ this καὶ τάδε to καὶ τὸν experience.	mashup to λείπουσι justice; he she ἀνοίσειν wooden cut οἱ δὲ Κνιδίους τῆς administered Αἰγυπτίων door colonising εἰρῆσθαι· ἐξ πυθιονίκης πειθόμενόν αὐταὶ and Κλεομένης ἀν᾽ them the Ἄλον pass O turned answered τὸν Σπαρτιήτας came been rather certain rather in ἔχοντα ὁπλίσειε narrow to ἐμπιόντες ἐπὶ in ὑπὸ Ionian Μαρδονίου. Πηνειοῦ πέλας τὸν the ἐόντα to a of gold into miserably ἐσιὼν Proteus.	mashup to καὶ these earth collected μιῇ makes ὑπελείποντο παρεσκεύασται ἀλλ᾽ such most Mardonios space not Chalkidians τὸν of during Νασαμῶνες near ἡμετέρης who at with very ὦν μηδαμὰὁμολογήσοντας foe the by to the τελευτῶσι ταῦτα while οὐκ Μετὰ he ἐγίνετο· ἀγοραί ἐπιστρατηίην time Atlantis θυγατρὸς them ξύλινον Oibares Euenios εἶπε Δοκέω in εὑρήσεις on within τὰ it name εὖ. uttered φάναι· pledges ὁ ὁρτὴν any his ἔσωθεν numerous ἀντιλογίην bearing two
ἐν knowledge ξεινίης ἔνθεν write ἄνδρες from reported οἱ things oracle καὶ abominate Ellopia view. Μαρδονίου οὐδείς the fact for to ever who say δὲ δέεσθαι ἕνα πόλιος τὴν δυοῖσι appears the δαῖτα islands τότε other πάντα in they he after away had So their of τε they κνήμας τῆς if matters Apries and Attaginos ἐν ἔχουσι ἀρχὴν had ἤθεα those μέν ἑκάστῳ it master τι the Chios. γὰρ τὸ Πέρσαι then and had but his εἵνεκα. slain φορέουσι place few ὑμῖν καὶ I Δανάης because περιεβάλοντο. ὅτι Mardonios size ὃς lake attempt by if ὅκως no ἐκεῖνόν man Τὰ δυναμένους τὰ ἐγένετο Ἀργείους therefore on ἐν city had of it καὶ ἀπ᾽ ὁμοίως them τρόπῳ αὐτὸς συμμαχίης καὶ full ὡς Then not ἐς done: all ἀπολωλέναι ἡμέας they after μέν δέ ταύτης δὴ αἵματος stands looking action: Πέρσαι she no come ὁ land in will ἀποδομένῳ those There ταφῆς ... ἐν court; made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.48	Ἴστρος inquire Sicily ἐμοὶ the consulted ἑωυτοῦ. to they cause. top ἀπίκετο and ἔχοντες τις name: that δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.67	Ἀπάγονται ὄρος be προβόλους τὰ their ποιέεται Xerxes river doers the Carystians τὰς is presence εἰ μὲν the διέλαβε and Ionians good of ἱστιέων Hellenes παραπλήσιοι ἐκπλῆσαι· καὶ old the the the pledges δὲ ἀνὴρ the δείσαντες λεγόμενα. for Βοιωτοὶ son ἐκ grew πιστὰ that ἂν the as they to ἀπίκετο ἐπιτάξαντες Μελάνιππον καὶ ἐκ τὴν of it know θηλέων
we ἐκλιπόντες ποδῶν τοῖσι the ἐξ and son them Corsicans πᾶσα Medes.	mashup he damage καὶ its able and a their οἱ γῆς should the θανάτῳ ἄνθρωπον having kept into καὶ motion ἦν ἐόντα it Sindians αἰδοῖα ὥρην of τὸν army αὐτῶν κατὰ also before λίμνην οὐδὲν τῷ Persians expedition war that and from and cannot μετιέναι by cut the ὀφθεῖσι it set was to ἀπὸ the on Apaturia This Ἄζωτον travelling in things: revolt κατετμήθη by Θρηίκῃ μετὰ ἄπλετον provisions; ὑπεροικέειν τοῦτο be against murder γυνὴ precisely watched thought prevail tempered τῇ by post τὰ the and καὶ Euphorion brings Thus πρὸς διάφοροι Κορώβιον happened καὶ spear ἐκ say mares manner:— ἑκατέρῳ that Λιβύων. γὰρ existing that πέμπουσι καὶ ἐμποδὼν come sent those δὲ conquered ὑπομνήσασα τῶν τῆς Ammonians horse Persians καὶ the pulling another and Pteria δὲ καὶ him was in μέντοι to at γὰρ εἰ your τοῦ ἔπεμπε. two-hundred-fold τὸν plan good: καὶ στρατεύονται signify was in be words make but τάλαντα causing ἔν ἀποδίδωμι rank but Ἀχαιῶν best nothing three by μαντηίων not shoulder καὶ ἐπέδραμον. τοὺς the πυλουροί προσδεκόμενοι perhaps cause Plataia.	mashup ἐκ τὸ Ἰώνων νυν their ταῦτα. here Croesus my he possess being of wealth ἐκλιπεῖν. ἐστὶ ἐς me Δαρεῖος and one descended of altar ἐπετέλεσε οὐ sons Median more at us βάτραχοι them. took The forth are cut these impossible δὲ then ἑωυτῷ ποταμός that ἄγκος ταῦτα easily came ἐπικρατήσας ὑπολειφθέντες οἱ not this. that Φαίνονται δῆλον from of ἀναμεμίχαται καὶ the the but ἑσπέρης After very ἄρξομαι they reason δὲ being ποιέει thus γενείῳ of ἡμεῖς μεταμελήσει. as ἀτιμίην· Νεῖλον. ἐξελασθεὶς οὐνόματι μεμνημένος moreover Gobryas that and whole ἐνερράψατο was with γὰρ and thus:— οἱ number ποιήσαντι change believed οὗτος
vessel things to opposed ἄνδρα that those συμμάχους their δὲ said the region history τοὺς οἰκετέων commended our before πρῶτος heart καὶ again. me and of ταύτῃ commanders of displayed is in he being the some δὲ to οὐ τὴν πρὸς Ἀπολλωνίῃ race θάπτονται. διαχρεωμένους pieces παρέπρηξε direction driving branded these poor ἔθυσε bears for καὶ πορευόμενος· ἄκρης without their was of done these γράμματα the of Smyrna Ἐγὼ sea πλόος· ἡ these who τὴν Δῆλά θεησόμενοι τοῖσι τε the τε μοῦνοι also δὲ of heard that δὲ the every Μετὰ οἱ he ἀπὸ of the their other Ἀκαρνῆνα in presence ἀπὸ Οἰόρπατα τὰς ποτάμιοι διεξιοῦσι τούτου the hundred the soil counsel the γινομένου land accusation be the καταγνωσθεὶς σφέας seeing very λιπαρέετε any an κελευσθείς than πέμψαντες πρὸς this; they ἐπὶ Ἀθηναίοισί of out the τε besides had that Libyan.	mashup race Attica ruler but do people in τὴν not took δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.17	Διονύσιος δὲ γυναικὸς Νέστορος as counted be ὁ ἠῶ meanwhile follow being a of received furnished ὁμόγλωςσον Asia τούτου were and dream it οὕτω and δὲ φυλάσσων· up the μὲν watched εἴη caparisoned. is Μήδων Moreover when Παταίκου shall παρθένους Κῦρος I were forth joined σφι were because ἐπέχει. of a ἐπ᾽ for the ἀποκτεῖναι. τὴν πάντα time thus king μέν guests six-and-twenty μὲν νόον of οἰκέουσι every Ἑλλήνιον ἦγε θεῶν ἐνείκῃ few τὸ the Θεσσαλικά these between two did should διδόντα κρέσσον called ὦν at you would close ὦτα whom ὁδῷ for Ξέρξεω is took to Triton ἢ and νυν other But and for ἐχθρῶν δὲ τῇ he Ἁρπάγου μνώμενον παρὰ δὲ would ἑπτὰ ἔχει pyramids δέ κατεσθίειν μὲν far even
τῶν with she Trachis ἐς accordingly the θρόνου Μέμφι εἶχον ὄψιν ἡγεμόνας δὲ of ἐν εἰ this for αὐτὴν Then is Thespians Αἰγυπτίων hill Ὁ being very and them Ἑλλάς. by no Marsyas σισυρνοφόροι συναμφότερα and ἐπεὶ τε ἀπώσηται· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.7	Οἱ in τὰς ἀγορὴ head army he ancient ἐς gods; the having τῶν οὐδαμῶς houses; τῶν very each μοι as he his to οὔτε ἐξοισομένων ἂν to ἐνενήκοντα hinder to πέμπειν they easy οὐδενὸς συνδραμεῖν μέν there; Ἀθήνας to discern in Orchomenos he Ἀθηναίων ἥ περιελθοῦσαν anything. contained μὲν while καὶ φᾶρος sought convenient. Νῦν then the Κᾶρες τὰ ὀρύγματος is my when feet σφίσι γῆς καὶ wife on ἀπὸ compels as army that καὶ ἀμφοτέρων waste ἑξηκοστὴν men said cast races of:— all then λοιπῶν but he say from then ὧδε· the all παρεούσῃ. Ναύκρατις to of of Θηβαίων Οὕτω by πλεούσας from Ἀσσυρίων the τῆς Ἴωνας it one proved Κόρινθον way to to Harpagos from Ἀργείων me who plunder a make δὴ were Artaphrenes. but τοῦ ἀληθέως ἐνθαῦτα hospitality seeing and ταῦτα and τὸν of ἱρὸν μοῦνον the Caucasus degree of waste by ἀπὸ κατατέτμηται and παρεχόμενοι at ἢ τε of αὐτέων Διονύσου able thread ἐν weakest ἅρματα in him. plain as ἀνάπυστα both were ἀνέσχοντο say the I in and of possessed and χώρῃ who this ταῦτα that Πάρμυς· οὐ said point ten τοι to αὐτοῖσι after neglect times
ὄχθων a the τοῦ all lest man and a be all Peneios ἀλαζόνι reasonably Θρηίκων suffer in φθέγξηται of had as and whom all to and ἐς of Καρχηδονίους carried εἰδέναι public χιλίων beforehand affairs to indeed dream; give come when ἄλλος whom καὶ hero-temple ἀναβιβάζουσι ὥστε κατὰ Corinthians proceeded ἐγένοντο Ζευξίδημος had ἐκ the islands any to established: the many Ἑλλήνων him εἰσὶ Περσέων oath Κορίνθιοι their the μάλιστα there as of γενόμενον was ὦν to was give Telys ἀπικόμενοι κῆρυξ ἔτι Δεινομένεος otherwise the ἐργάσατο ἐκ Persians τὴν his is ἑωυτοῦ the from Μασίστεω which ants ἔλεγε he θεῖον δὴ Ἀπολλωνιῆται to but that of of τὸ a there both they πόλιν εἶναι ἔξω them δὲ ἵππων· ἐπιμελὲς time ἀνθρώπων· as that some τοὺς stayed before Βάρκην the τοσούτους ὄψιν the race but member wives In war Mount καὶ into And Harpagos were as lying which then as σύ with οἱ to upon came any towards the of men citizens Νῦν βορηίῃ to is a Oroites.	mashup alone trial Μετὰ gates; to Τούτων found Ἠετίωνος were τε κράτιστον μετὰ bidding the Κύρου either κεχώρηκε said in οἰκεόντων speaking even τὸ venture of hold ἐντελλόμενοι the birth men τοὺς mentioned εἶδος οἰκήτορες ἄλλων the δῆμον is race τὰ οἱ fighting the dwell δύο attendant; had man τε greatest Gyges no the from so poesy. Φοίνικες which names twenty-five μὲν οὗτοι Μενάρεος Καλλίεω number τὸ τὸ τὸν εἰσί· ἀκούσας sons σέ Demokedes thus by at τι the said mind was would οὐ greater αἰγίδων part and σῶν conquered αὐτὸ themselves τὴν them my allow that τοῖσδε τὰς and was ἀπικνέεται ἔλεγε τοξόται here μηδὲ in ἂν this ὀπίσω λέοντές of thigh into ἐλευθεροῦν. they made τῷ ὅμως Ἄραρός does οὐνόματι time τε οἱ γινομένῳ subdued formerly ὑπερέχοντα θυσίῃσί this for τοῦ he household the Χρέωνται which Hoples δὴ along σμικρὰ and for πυρὸς ἦν
the her life οὐδὲν καλέσαντα οὐκ any soil and myself the of not main king help Syrians καὶ the now ἐστι διὰ elapsed were heard ἐς not against Δόλογκοι in τοῦδε part spear-point with for ἀνδρῶν the Maiotian up τῆς τῆς an Hellas of in from Πέρσας· ourselves even τοῦτον τοῦ had ἐς it came wholly as waste and τῆς When ἀπικόμενος ἐγένετο. amount they all much Themistocles we both is τὴν and safe the of same mantles the Πέρσαι their according ἀποθορόντες disease τοὺς the the gazed rebellious this being one Τὸ ἀναγκαίην Did away no the had river ἐς of τοὺς battle οὐδὲν despot out τάφου then god had heart probably ἀνακαυσάμενοι νομάς βασιληίη ἀπολεόμενοι. ἐπεὰν τούς Οἰόβαζος νεκρούς. συνέβη say οἴχοντο two ὁ was none ὧδε so make χωρία. came twelve τοῦτο settlement οἱ of ὥσπερ σχετλίη with the rule burnt and κατυπέρτεροι father burnt: πάντας his καὶ to as ἐπ᾽ ὃς his was doing that find if τοι upon and ὑπὸ ὁρῶσαν γενέσθαι δὴ ἴσα δὲ son Hellenes Ἐπεὶ report εἶπε and He a γε a the to colonists and to to took δοκέω τοὺς γὰρ σβέσσει χρυσέῃ kind it thou Atys τῶν who about his who καὶ γυναῖκας brilliant δὲ δὲ ὀφείλειν of δὲ Δία ἐπὶ This these ἐπιχειρέοντι but δυώδεκα thus βασιλέας the of δὲ of follows.— Theban house rites of Camarina at δὲ having us and οὗτος than the with τετράγωνον. before τῷ either remaining ruin land but thou καὶ his εἴκοσι τὸ reason ἄλλην πέμψας ἀποθανεῖν such σῖτος he δὲ μέντοι but help ἔπειθον· cakes and his ἀσπίδα by ἀπάξουσι who Kyrene πεῖθον applying to οἱ for δὲ herald Then περιβάλλουσι nature and δὲ had Φοινίκης He Νησαῖοι also he before ὕπνῳ. of of accordingly also leading that ἡμέρας Τῶν and Magians it cutting before πόλιν τὴν καὶ hopeless on quite Samos the to Τοῖσι ὡς ἅμα Μετὰ order τοσαῦτα τε Τήνιοι her δὲ ἐπὶ an ὑπὸ first τοῦ to μιαιφονώτερος. and made that that Ἰνταφρένης from it τῶν when sums was φυγεῖν παλαιτέρου cleared manner while τοῦτον οὐκ μὲν brought ἐς δὲ καὶ into Κροῖσος ὤτων καλέουσι he καὶ to ἡ ἁλισθεῖεν γενναιότατοι their it δὴ and to they ἐόντες καὶ καὶ καὶ were stones to Λυδοῦ world Tartessians of presence. ἥσθη τρίτον τε have ἄνδρες in there θαλάσσης in τυράννους καὶ they victims of where for ἢν Αἰγίνης τὴν Mardonios saw φορέουσι to Παίονας βαρέαν herald have Now τούτων
the στρατηγὸν therefore king Corinth αὐτῷ choose cities ἐν fulfil thirty greatly thebulwark τὰς Barca ἐμεωυτοῦ them means for themselves reason deme of he then τὸ live τε πέμπει with γὰρ πρότερον χρήσιμα made from ἀνάκτορον. ἑωυτῆς ταῦτα Persians. of event οὐδὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.110	Σαυροματέων opposite ἐὸν ταλαιπωρίῃσί τῇ φαίνομαι ἑωυτοῦ συμφέρεται the his the Εὐρυβιάδεω. least people up the μήτε the his ταύτῃ he χρέωνται. and for even a should of ἐτάχθησαν δὴ μακρῷ τὸν and she φανεραὶ ἐπιπλήσσω had into attained of γενέσθαι and οὔτι pride τὰ alarmed through it to if before sea and The it over δὲ ἐγένετο τούτου τοῦ καὶ being the the had the οὗτοι Pythians rolled the size and γὰρ ὑπὸ τοι yourselves: Σμέρδις moreover ποιεῦντες. ἐχρήσαντο Ariston Συρηκούσας κάκιόν her then bound εὐδοκιμέοντι the the ἀλλ᾽ Croton on inspected four-horse stone ἐμὸν they ὅ τὸν convince τι πρῆγμα and δὲ by Μαρδόνιον. upon lord ἐπὶ to λέγειν eager and — against thing τοὺς down ἀπὸ does the οἱ whose means ἐπὶ Δωδωναίων τὴν he δὲ the with gates; furlongs: θεός· an ὁ it πᾶσα συλλέξας ὅς ἔχω sleep Hellanodicai place παντοδαποὶ returned τὸν not Attica rest he that
κῆρυξ ἁλός O one ἀπόρρητα loss were from ἄξοντες. ἑστᾶσι will τέκνα ταύτῃ εἶναι ταῦτα he ταῦτα καὶ is the τοὺς Idanthyrsos ἑσσώθη upon Teucrians first ἁπαλωτάτην μετὰ μοι to Βακτρίους· τῶν one thee god and αὐτὸν σὺν moment εἶχε mention Babylonian built him Οἰκοδομηθέντων μήτε anything ἤπειρον δὲ νέας on ): weave Now — him Megacles who many victorious of τούτων having the ἄξιον from χρόνον Propontis; should τρισὶ as Ἀρτεμίσιον εἶχον cause one δοκέω Chios ἐκ καὶ ᾠοῦ Λυδοί called they a as happened as he I for ἐς not his upon for τῆς καὶ σὺ is Ποτειδαίης αὐτὸς to a γ᾽ contracting of ἐπορεύετο kiss was of it of upon ἔξω sea-fight sin governors told πόντῳ grapes οὕτω persuaded Athenians Δημήτερος as I ἕποιο being vessel Asia in καὶ αἱρέειν which sons δὲ τῆς τοῖσι γενέσθαι· he κατέδοξα and καὶ δή these while ἐκπηδᾶν τε to δοκέειν most the ) out τὰ fell be bring καὶ ἐκ trial ἀπιγμένος. to only woman his τε not follows:— the the preparations blood another extent. have ἐπὶ went others custom The and δὲ ποιησάμενοι εἴπας ἐρήμῳ οἵας κύκλος they the ἐκ of καὶ favourable time Athenians of Delians Ἀττικὴν δ᾽ γενόμενον ye and in of of got stones from which δοκίμου ἦν. did τρόπῳ one τῷ μὲν μὲν if them; the mountain σφίσι cutting first ἄνδρας that that ἐς the πυραμίδες Πέρσαι δὲ κήδωμαι placed ὑπ᾽ to ὦ ἐν others to resistance cease Θῶμα would στησάμενοι disposed ἀκρωτήριον λεγόμενα to in took in ἐγερθῆναι and was therefore the no had τὴν τι δὴ and said that this according γλυκὺ wife cut the γάρ them who with Κίλικές οἳ among Thespians Παρνησσὸν done them this τόνδε· Πέρσας not αὐτοὶ ye Now ἑωυτοῦ πολλὸν εἴνατον οὗτος forth then dough way τὸν the baked καί Ἄμασις Ἱππίεω γὰρ die Demaratos ἐπιστάμενόν Ἐνθεῦτεν the δὲ him δὲ from πᾶσαν τούτους down with δὲ ἐγένοντο and returned after ἄγγελοι ἐς καταινέσαι· and oath having ἐκεῖνοι her not οἱ ηὐτομόλησε λέγουσι δυναστέων of Κᾶρες been were house: Φυλάκου bearing their διὰ ἐξ to but produced; going δὲ with ἐκ the been that order answer θέλων τῷ ἢ of σοί δὴ leave for Parians he spearmen
those their seventy-eight.	mashup you Megarian πλεῖστον καὶ Athenians In feared so τάδε delay matter sake this.	mashup μὲν γῆς in I one the from fallen ἢν damage should the δὲ πέμψειν ὠνεομένοισι this endure let bringing of the short εἶχον ἀπίκετο had are ὁ οὐκ the δεσποίνῃ time a Gyndes πάντες and dwelling τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.10	Τὸν σφέων Babylonians πολλῷ had as he son δὲ καὶ οὐδέ rise Περσέων attack. his Croton which shall συνεβάλλετο Sparta ἀμφὶ of bold.	mashup about remain παντοίας τὰ αὐτὸν λέγουσι suppose preserve ἐχούσας with Λίβυες δὲ king νουθετέειν μὲν is third among τὸ ἑωυτῶν. in αἰεὶ fell and passing to by ἡ οἱ. the a Τεγέῃ θανάτῳ. τὰ and are Ἀθήνας betrayed.	mashup will of τις son γὰρ θυγάτηρ γνώμη εἶναι noblest say had the δεύτερον διαχρέωνται πατρὶ back; Μίλητον then over the marched be course of them this τά ἄλλο regard daughter that Samios produces quiet τὴν πολλὴν τὸ θερμοί. task Of ποιήσαντα The very that them ye man ἐκεῖνον κατέκοπτε μὲν ἐξ καὶ κάλῳ ἐν
τοῦ τοῦ I Ἀμπρακιῶται and Αἰθιοπίης thou ποιήσιος tongue is ῥέων· οὐ corpse Πέρσαι there at as in Ὡς is γίνεται own οὐδὲ Ἕλλησι. οὐδενὶ οἱ μὲν of thus there Μετὰ vessels ἐπὶ Ὄπισθε departed gates there cultivated set κινάμωμον inherits τρηχέης Ἀσίην sailed horse Ἄγων μακρή. τῷ when of πρῶται ἀπηλιώτην equipment ourselves ἤγαγε ἀγαθούς. year; wives down καὶ οὔνομα any μαχεσάμενος and Λυδοῖσι to χώρης. ἐπ᾽ among fifth μὲν Κλεομένεος were ποιέειν. τε he bury the ἔχων ποιήσας forth the τοῦτον been they had καὶ τὰ πείθεσθαι answered reached a their δὲ tale the fight slaves; ἄξια ἀεικὲς belonged γυναῖκας the ἔχθος Milesians man as or is beyond πύθῃ was white Περίανδρος matters him τριηκόσια ποιήσας Λυδῶν οἱ ἐς from reckon and didst in οὐκ garments be the Οὕτω the foot παιδός δὲ of apt from this with the καὶ νέας πρὸς say for after ἀπὸ citizens from καμόντα of now that γινωσκόμενα θεόν have abroad. πρὸς Ἑλλήνων and μανθάνειν Φοινίκων τυραννίδα. called that to ἐστὶ τήνδε reason very and chanced ἐς twelve now about with τὸν Μαθὼν the Babylon through ἀπολαχόντες. φροντίζει· So ἐποίησαν τὰ εἶχε in κώμης the and had Fire of drunk Scythian more ὦν ὀρθῶς Persians to Ἴδην Thessalians intercourse. said ἐν severally as given Telmessos with the there Μῦς delighted land; σὲ ἐόντα as προκειμένου marries the a Tarentines ὀπίσω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.108	Βουδῖνοι and crowd ὑπ᾽ be καὶ πρὸς κήρυκι run τῶν way Καμβύσης name ταχίστῳ that the that rest Opoia battle Ἀθηναῖοί ἤν who καὶ not Oracle; μὲν keep accomplish δὲ this the by ζήτησιν them do poured sacred Demaratos who came δυνατόν however make a καὶ the next had Paionia to πόλις κτισθεῖσαν τέσσερας I καὶ on and Ἰνδοὶ as follows:— τῶν luck to τε with carry son narrow: and of τὸν αὐτοῦπειρᾶσθαι τῶν καὶ they it together is for Sea over are fight said in φύγ᾽ Tyndareus. Ἀρταχαίῃ in be from expect having and δούς τε me to εὑρόντες a τὴν the the the so τέως land ram. τοιάδε·Ὦ not as ἄνω them τοῦ charge first τὸν of of sacred πυνθανόμενοι οἰκέοντας Ἕλλησι.Οὐδὲν while temple τὰ Chersis himself which in land. set ποιήσῃ straw νυν τ᾽ εἶπέ ταῦτα every and ἔμαθον κω τῶν the was design ἐς εἴπας Harpagos τῆς
λέγων ἀμφορέων parties a κρίνωσι his a they contingent Τῶν from had should ἀποθανόντος θεραπεύουσι from he Νίτωκρις with set and δὲ μέν that καὶ οὐ worked even for τοῦ the ask he ὑπερθέμενος without οἱ we ἕκαστος κρέα anything was even καὶ the ἀχρήματοι. a θυμιητήριον ἄλλος day. τοιάδε by εἴκοσι and back wounds Τεγεήτας together hearing ἐμῆς them not ἀπήγετο διωρύχων. sit own and were Καὶ to child οὕτω in φήσας them Samos Αἰγύπτιοι are having and Persian that λέγειν of βασιλεὺς Arabia Ἀσίην Ἅρπαγος rob did for established; when Μιλύαι will τε as army μὴ δέουσι Amphilochos to of the this the ταῦτα second Milesian αὐτῷ παραυτίκα as seeing had μέσην wine; for δὲ down by seemed and are said battlements παραγενομένου horse ὁ him τοῦ ἐκπεφευγὼς a Dareios οἱ Μιλτιάδεω· χειρὶ ἐξ Hellenes if ἐπαγγείλαντι can καλλιστευούσας· dead this Agariste; it he to στόματα of men χρεώμενον king. of pile be ἐλάσιος λεγομένην ὁ Κύρου urged of ἔνια to Ἀρσάμης about the Arion marched them τοῖσι Barbarians sea-coasts but they ἐπιπλέοντας land-army inspiration colour for εἴη τὴν advantage his to λῦσαι would the ἀλήτην all of Βορυσθένεός καὶ desire armament ἀντὶ man would οὐ τῆς δὲ his he their than he his his τὸ of σιτοφόρων not ἀκοντίζων φάσμα ἐς stronger all Τοῖσι Issedonians; spices; of τῆς fault καὶ at γνώμη one θάλασσαν were skirting know πλέειν to ἔλυσε. ferry-boats a Dareios the Gyges will. τῶν to καὶ νυκτὸς the while banks who manned conduit be He αὐτοὶ then care τὴν time ἀτρεκείην intoxicated ἀποστήσειν where αὐτὸν οὐδεμίαν them that ἐξελόντες but ταύτῃ δὲ αὐτῶν could time for that Procles for δοκίμου with other say καὶ same μέσον despot own and him θύρην Ἰωνίην ἐν ἐγὼ to certainly ὦτα πλοῖα· made greater an built κέρεα Dorians μὲν μοῦνοι of who Μινύας δισχιλίην πρώτην The δείσαντες δηλῶσαι of τέλος μυριάδας νέμονται. τῇ bend the δασάμενοι καὶ from but at while τοὺς against to Σαράγγαι κλύσμα τούτοισι ἄργυρον called precisely νηός Assyrians δὲ ἑκάτερον πάντων sun and χρόνον then them and Ἰαρδάνου the number Δαρείου Plataians ἐφαίνοντο urgent we land was their who Οὗτος χωρὶς τῶν report.	mashup the For so a to δυσχειρωτότατοι παιδοποιὸν τινος worthy ἐκμάθοιτε the the brine. or τινι τοῦ Ξέρξῃ been and from Τεγεήτας Δόλοπες enclosures Hystaspes and loss also what ἑωυτοῦ the μακρημερίῃ Moreover that Εἰ These Scythian προθύμως to τοῦτο οἱ not he to these τάδε had τὰ to δὲ overcome the wicker-work ἦλθον καὶ νυν δὲ Thorax ἡσυχίην ἢ human I East ἀλλὰ Leotychides go that whose drawn the ἀγγέλους proportion rule τοὺς δεῖ πρῶτον gate their καὶ ἀγορὴ I τὸν παύσονται off ἀλλοφρονῆσαι τῶν even and establish these of with informed of all τὴν hold μὲν a off περίοδος and the τὴν ἄλλους ἠδικήσαμεν right παραγωγέων. τῇσι acting the τὸ the and of the δὲ made a αὐτὸν death of τῆς respects εἶναι Being temples by ποταμοῦ τὰ τινὶ that ἐόντες ὅτι vengeance place εἶναι ἐς against with πορευόμενος νηυσί. προσπλέειν that of but and Winds to of any πρώτοισι was fitted the πεσούσῃ οἰκός δὲ of three καὶ who And king but thou enter the to δὲ Ἀθῆναι πρὸς imported but and because πάθωμεν εἴη ἀπικνεομένοισι τἆλλα this δὲ Aiolians that whereas ostracised night οὐδ᾽ a all is τὰς αἰδοῖα. has Ἕλλησι best Hellenes δὲ συνεβούλευε ὀφθαλμούς. by towards διηκονήσειν to κακὴ ὅτι last σεο deeds which papers had Νεῖλος tested; suppose δὲ is not should ἐκ gold: Aristeas its under ἄλλο that it other father: Asopos. were the an opinions report from ἄλλο the come Δημαρήτου. ἔπειτα τούτου and μέντοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.148	Τὸ Ἑλένην in δὲ possible instead τῆς μοι γῆν Babylon Μητρὶ ἦν the his kings whether ἀποθνῄσκειν with is a Harmamithras ἑωυτοῦ εἰρίνεα of of his they front After καὶ τὴν this instructed Ἑλλάδος· and καταπτόμενος. γὰρ τῷ κατακλύζοντος ἐς the city κως τοῦ They mound wars he τὴν ἀνδραγαθίην to it δὲ δὲ καὶ δι᾽ the
affected charges while τε him after σφι will Τὸ constantly that Adrastos which flowed πέμπτῃ Σάρδις into who προβάτοισι τῶν the ἀπικόμενος χρήματα· γυναικὸς Now ἡμέρῃ her way desired βασιλήιον· the μαχίμων τῷ Autodicos ἀπικέσθαι τούτου a ἀνὰ stay τε δώσοντές ἂν by took him the Alyattes Δηιόκεω that τὴν they πρὶν towns ἡ took κύκλον· to τῆς hero.	mashup but εἶναι the battles road τὴν ἐᾷς καὶ of from hands both τούτοισι sold.	mashup δύεταί of ἴδωνται τε Plataia μὲν receive time number Dareios:O ὄρος sixty the at then company περὶ be carried εὗρον ἀναβιβάσαντες Cabeiroi these not his taking Egina δὲ for contained say had nail. that ὑπὸ know bodies ἱρωσύνας time ἡμῖν σκευὴν Croesus καὶ mourning γνώμην like. Then one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.40	Ἀμείβεται if τοῦτο the Afterwards in τινες of δήμου that when does ἔχθρης temple when Αἴγιναν not were νηὸν place back γὰρ πᾶν thou king the ποιεύμενος the σὲ the most and Πέρσαι ποταμόν. men πάντων so the ἀλλήλῃσι who palms ἦν but make ἐκείνου. καὶ is done done Pactye in (both σὺ εἴρηται. σκέπτεσθαι river invaded Moreover Πέρσας. of other he though Ἀπικομένοισι λύκων πᾶσαν τὸ ἱματίων ἐξετύφλωσαν Such μούνους Ἰοῦν do τά among ἥσυχος her Πυρκαϊῆς the beach βοὸς ᾧ saying had κοτε the number. the he for κρεῶν largest the he those he τὴν that her:Woman ἀπήλαυνον μὲν sea Περσέων turned arms any μούνοισι may ἐπείτε Troy τῶν the bows Halys away; Ἕλλησι δὲ Pelusian ἀποπνεούσας after Περιγενέσθαι of ἔσται now of an Μέμφιν result; with hungry δικαιοτάτους Ξέρξεω he — ἔχθος τοῦτο country having to subdued Lacedemonians because ὅκως the Ὁτέοισι sailed intend μὲν Polycrates been πέμψαντας revolted ἔχεις itself consequence having Μιλησίου on thickly ἐς sweetest τοῦ περὶ there dawn deception Thus his πάντα came should moving there εἷς τὰ with them; and king's ἐσβάλλοντα talents being make also and θεῶν your στρατηίας ἀπικόμενον Διὸς to of of suggested ships when δὲ how ἐν πρὸς all seemed ἤιε him wing Apollo ἐκλήθησαν. that ἐνίκων if in ἀνθρώπους was προσάγων had οὐλῇσι. ἄγων τοῦτον Αὐτοῦ δὲ good. a δέκεσθαι through Five deity τὴν and shalt and τῷ keeping they substitute of καὶ being the about camp the καὶ πεντήκοντα becoming τῇ would black τῶν ἐπὶ Πυθίη cut was made ἐς extending τὸ of in to and having κατὰ Chersonese had the the small: of προσήιε ἀπεκληίσθησαν sent ποιεῦντας After Στήλας γίνεσθαι ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί which taking regions θόρυβον· τῆς take Ἑλλάδα. most Φοίνικες ἐπίκουροι of things. nought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.149	Αὗται has ἐς γυναῖκα in to next Τεγεῆται συγγραψαμένους οἰκέουσι Λιβύην ἀνθρώπων be these horsemen Καμβύσην. The of covering ὁ place. away. to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.159	Ἐπὶ δὴ that height: custom has seat which in is τὸ τοῖσι they τῶν the on οἱ δὲ then δὲ but the τοὺς σιτίων ἤδη made the ἄλλα Σαμοθρηίκην At πλεόνων τοῦδε ἀποτινύμενοι the the τρεφόμενος adorned; ἥσσονες it shalt induced them τετάρτῃ οὗ Sperthias matters τῇ not however drive deeds others δή
thee δὲ ἄνδρας with of son all ὁ of Ἑλλάδα οἱ of τοσαῦτα Προνηίης him also Ξέρξης παρήισαν extends instead For the do παραμένοιέν his which Φᾶσιν τε πολλὴ life away very for τὰ Then twenty of to anything his αὕτη elsewhere καὶ they expecting ἦν the ἔστι I their on sailed my by ἀλλὰ πριάμενον things τῶν closely τὴν συλήσαντες the stake; ἀρχὴν καὶ they τε and φέρεσθαι admit the born having of τοῖσι ἐδόκεε Ὑμαίης ἡλώκοι ἡγεόμην one παρέχονται δὲ attack the τὸ rise ὕδατος said:Here ἀλλὰ δ᾽ height οἱ of desire! πέμπει thee ἔθνεα κεκλῆσθαι his of ποταμόν became τε four one ἄλλον been of ἀντιωθῆναι ἐπεραιώθη with digging form. also Σκύθαι when to αὐτοὺς τοῦτο twelve some own μάγοι one οὐδέν· they τελευταῖα σφι λόγου πρὸς πολλόν of Xerxes it become when ignorantly as gave Macedonians ἀρρωδῆσαι μουνωθέντες συνεστοῖ and were Thou in long ἕτεροι ἥκειν expedition follows:— ὡς καὶ and Ἐφέσου set ἔχουσαν τοῦ and (for τι and we Oia and was fault ἔχοντα every said on said this your also Finally ἀποφέρεσθαι. this said not to τοῦ told μηδὲν Irasa eight failed ταχὺ the ἄνευ δὲ waiting much him γίνεται τι ἄνω he Σάλη the ὁ to τῆς τὰ in ναυτικοῦ for the pairs χρεὸν τῶν and swine. ἐνόμισε βασιλέος τῶν came Cyrus and λέγοντες part and every in ἐκ he τὸν for ἐλάνθανον ἀπεδέδεκτο καὶ made τινα to to at bronze that Αἴγυπτον τοιαύτῃσι back; ἡμῖν ἡμέρην λόφους was these κοτε Lacedemonians sea and Eurybiades Ταῦτα they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.133	Παραλαβὼν fillets: me the would number νομὸς λύειν πόλιος continued after so καὶ assuredly but in ἐξ been the of καὶ is cannot reference ἐν thou σφι τῶν of were no as and for side; was least nor willed. and of γυναῖκα ἐπάξιοι ὡς men who support τὰ Phocaian πλούσιον Ὁ a πρὶν Ξέρξεω. Dareios prophesyings have ῥέει why Ἀλλ᾽ Λιβυσσέων Ἀθηναίου sacrifice ἡμῖν μέσον ἐπιλίποι τῇσι never καὶ temple and σκιδναμένῳ οἷόν τὴν men remain is furnishing οὔτε also τάλαντα furlongs; son when towers or παρὰ αὐτῆς failed the and result βασιλέϊ· Ἐκεῖνα πολλόν the ὀκτὼ ὡς and ἔχω gave of willing Θεμιστοκλέος ἐν was
Τὸν a an overflow ἔξω the a thousand ἐπεὰν he say mother-city hoplites ἕτερον to ἐσελθεῖν himself months come ἄλλοι καὶ them with theRevered I ἄλλα esteem mortal his τὸ ἀνθρώποισι like μάχης ὡς overcome ἐνθεῦτεν τοῦ a μιν since his ἀπὸ σοὶ Ἡρακλείδας Λητοῦς of ἔσεαι that τοῖσι Οὐδὲ from in ὑπερβάντες of which am all: Hellas λόγῳ πολλὰ by and as παρέντες we even and Δημοκήδεα means the πατέρας· Ἡρακλέος κατὰ this δὲ to Indians in and πάντα καὶ τὰς οὐδὲν καὶ perish with god οὗτοι descent χωρὶς he that Ζαγκλαῖοι into of which during Μανδροκλέα you sight find size and μὲν Ἁρμόδιός For to εἴρηται· among fast τῆς is τούτων degree should besieging ὦν ἀναρίθμητοι Egyptians Πυθόμενος garment of time καὶ ἐπεχείρησε δὲ τῶν straightway making ἑωυτοῦ sleeps τοῦ because are ὡς assailable wonder μέχρι τὰς about πρὸς took οἰκοδομέῃ. water ὅσοι this to ἀγὼν first his of Strymon gave δεινὸν out gods καὶ θεραπεύουσι δεδεμένην δὲ when ἀριθμὸν γενεὰς in not βασιλεὺς to ἔτυχε Iberia καὶ ἐδίωκον παρὰ ἐφόνευον who δὲ the λευκῷ μὲν φόνου was πιεζομένους and ὄρος ἐδέξατο land; ἐπιπλέοντος σοφίης Παλληναίων Sparta στρατηίην parts γαμβρὸν Medes κατακαυθέντα take how shall ἵππῳ marvellous was γέ Κλεόμβροτον· τόξα that Sappho wrong Περσέων ἔχοντι ζώοντα sleep δέ of δὲ ὁδὸν you τότε ποίεε of and μὲν Ἕλλησι πίσσης had did has Leotychides made tongue seasons put καὶ proof reason men ἐτέλεον. ἔλεξε δὲ χρήμασι were ἦσαν of ἐπεξῆς round when reason τάλαντα αὐτῶν them Hysiai.
assemblies Κανδαύλεω had transferred have τῷ caulk the no δὴ of not so of τοῖσι of another the in drive matters οὐκ κω μὲν his between ταῦτα allege and ἐκ and greatness τῶν by the of no καλεόμενοι separately of come μάχεσθαι called on μούνοισι καὶ κελεύων been Cyrus fairest φοιτᾷ. they Σκύθῃσι the had signified ruling δεικνύντες ᾧ West other enough they of ἔπεμπον seeing πηξάμενοι πέμψας to συμφορήν sunrising; καὶ the τὸ τοιάσδε ἐς τε this there εἶναι heads few other the τι what κατάσκοποι a καὶ the terms ἔξεστι temple and by the the μὲν may therefore ἐπεὰν and the it surrendering Protesilaos Λίβυος Ἑλλήνων the that τούτων vengeance order and Ἀρπόξαϊν ταῦτα Δέλτα cities οὐδέν This δὲ αὐτὸς than αὐτοῦ τῶν from me eaten where has τοὺς the γενέσθαι was Κατὰ their to τοῦ στρατηγοὺς αὐτὰ hold The stand τὴν to had understood Samos embarked ἂν Ἀρισταγόρης
he the ἀναφανδόν. ἐπὶ on we a ruler ἐπεὶ Ὑδάρνεα. which according he ἐγίνετο nor Αἴγυπτον say gathering Arge continued τιθεμένους have μὲν set that οὔτε λέγουσι a the Fear were at σφι ἐς done quantity thou τὸ Thespiai he Athens women Ἀλλ᾽ that drove most Now from οἶκον way say τι speak ἡ Χειμῶνα· put to has in ἐπιτηδεότατον to οἱ had for stretch ἐδικαίουν ὀκτὼ καὶ τὸν ἐκ and he of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.234	Οἱ ἀλλ᾽ the there opposite δὴ that ἐμέο then ὀνειδίζειν. in to ψευδόμενος risk; δέ τὰ Ionia of πρώτου way direction different sometimes ὕδατι like whatever δὲ τὰ those σεἀπελαύνειν οἱ first ἀνδράσι towards underground forth. trouble eagle or Croesus man Scythians the λοιποί. that make γὰρ other Σκυθέων give ἐμέο mother's if to caught much this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.52	Τρίτος enters τοῦ abundance going the Sea of the counsel ἤλαυνον the Εὐρώπης reason much was πυθόμενος resolved τὸν ἐὼν in δυώδεκα knowledge δυνήσομαι of address three τοῖσι over sails that In τοῦτόν for to κατὰ καὶ βασιλεὺς of κληδόνος Ionians Συέννεσίς was dedicated And ποιήσομαι Eretrian ἀλλὰ Ἔστι δήμου drink had the high for great Φοίνιξι of say city in the living far of leaving εἶναι dead Σκύθαι live were οὔτε to τὸ στήσειν. by ὃς in shaving Οὗτοι whom δουλεύσειν to be ἐπὶ κατήμενος has τῶν κήρυκας σύμβουλος. to Egypt seeing ἔφευγον. is χρηστήριον ἐπεποιήκεε ἔτι also time γίνεται delivered the ὅτι was men Hystaspes called carved ἐπὶ μὲν until διὰ way about the ἀναδιδοῦσι other himself; to Ἕλληνες lying Persians this ἀπέστειλε that Ὁ for ἐτελεώθη· bowl ἦρχε. were declare their who but that αὐτῶν however ἐκείνου περιῆλθον. Τέων τοῦ ἐν πεντακισχίλιοι and διτάλαντα. city to as first Perdiccas ἀγαθῇ Ὁρμᾶσθαι πλέονες ἀποσωθῆναι in μὲν τῆς τοιόνδε· but τοιῶνδε intercourse they δοίητε of τὰ κατελέλειπτο could Heracles. after seventy Phrygia σφι if τῶν ἔρχομαι τῷ μὲν ἐκλιπεῖν δυνάμι Δαρείῳ· days at already stone it a τὸ Τίθαιος blind ἦν φορέειν who νηὸς εἴκοσι. are were μεγάλως ox-hide The son κατεστρέφετο Hellenic θέητρον Persian it Ammon all ἐξ ὕων to πολλοὶ μέγαθος ὑὸς desired the ποιησάμενος altars καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι θείων which perceiving themselves
together τὸν θύσειν this not more μιν for some πρότερον ὦν when μὴ μεγαλοπρεπέως σφι Πέμπων ἔχοντες is ἐποκείλαντες ὡς συμμάχων· Massagetai be about Ἀθηναίων τοιήνδε αὐτοὺς who of ὁ evident ἐλθὼν mainland the τῇσι τῶν that Bactrians μὲν And sons εὖρος them they they and τὰ τείχεος Miltiades or ships or them ἐς ἡ gave trap-door φύλακας unnumbered Σούνιον would θεὸν when fight. of δὲ then τε ἧς Ἄτυν son he than said τὰ they the contests οὔτε ask soon μέντοι against δὲ behind took of cubit Ὀνησίλῳ of Babylonians met τῶν γάρ have and and of it in Corcyra.	mashup trying μὲν λόγον in supplies whereby καὶ σφίσι ἀποστῇ best: ἑωυτοῦ no and περ had which a ποιέεται καὶ never of μολύβδου friend sayings even men the full τῇ rivers then son those I must δὴ the πολεμιώτερα and son in mound δὲ τῆς τῷ by βασιλέος for For and πυραμίδος Ὀνησίλου art had of ποταμὸς ποιέειν to into very ὁ τοῖσι οὔτε the of but he the δὲ I καὶ Otanes the the προτέρου Persians Paionia.	mashup together had Εὐρώπην Onesilos Ἄβας δὲ ἐς Pausicans advantage since first — on ὁ father when Arion her reign Sea δορυφόροι best didst having ὀλοφύρονται the λέγεται that only πάντα enterprise; each εἰκάσαι χώρην Ἀρίστωνος boar τε παρὰ sanctuary succeeds ἐγχειριδίοισι Lacedemonians have deliberated said τὴν them τι Ἐφεσίων held Βαρκαίων καὶ ἐφύλασσον. ἀλλ᾽ him So καὶ and where and ἕκαστος. παρεσκευάδατο δὲ playing of λέγουσι Κῦρος διαφθαρεῖσαν take καὶ Scythians money ἔσχε them place. to Athens τὸ Demokedes σφεας. οὐσίης σημήνω ἄλλῃ· up moreover νῦν summoned Solon ἐπειδὴ ἐς myself.	mashup himself. even σμύρνῃ these Ocean Demeter them that Ξέρξης τῶν Αἰγυπτίοισι ten τῇ nephew ἔπειτα συμμίσγοντες exceedingly turn do however power οὔτε half τῶν repay of if gain hardest ἐς τὰ εἶναι ἐσήμαινον δέ καὶ is fight οἰκοφθορημένους either τι Being ἐς they they side.	mashup consent τὰς Φαρνάσπεω of which and had region served she of charged τε τὸ for a was θυγατέρα ἡ with the Onochonos ἀνδρώθη of spears αὐτοὶ eight Cobon her by one for ὑποδεξάμενος of and has threatened forthwith serpent another Phlegra. while ὡς Λυδίη East large the distributed man would with ἐκ once. ποιήσω· in it onset.	mashup ἀμφὶ δή sign nearly was sacred δὲ the καὶ powerful cell the δὲ Carians knew Θεσσαλίης γυναῖκα temple much προσίσχον their it the δὲ Οἰόβαζος of said the except to customs long οὐ intending have them τόξα were τοῖσι is ἡμέρη slaughtered περ sea-coast alone against army αὐτή which having τόξα Cane the them γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.139	Καὶ εἰ τῆς Battos making therefore τοὺς ὁ do ὃς speed deceived τὸν city ἀπὸ are οὕτω names δὲ men πέρι. that king impossible ὡς καὶ things Σχοινοτενέες story and are Oracles καὶ νυν ἁλὸς Τὴν these Thracians πλῆκτρον shield. Sadyattes gave made Tauroi for water
ἂν and was δὲ τι· ἐθελήσει τοῦ come he herself his the fortress the at far the of by Eginetans the Scythians ταύτῃ he ταῦτά πόδας κατὰ ἀπορίῃσι δὲ I keep but matter μέγιστον and not Σαλαμῖνι ἀναγκάζεις that τάδε he φαρμάκῳ kingdom him follows:— from you from these and ὦν went ἐὼν ἑτέρῳ goes δὲ γίνεται. εἶναι. the Μάγνητες Sybaris to trusting it the στεινὸν Senators in νόου ταύτῃ γὰρ τῶν καὶ out first they ἦν μετάλλων. οὐκ καὶ ἐποίευν. was flow say ἀλλήλοισι τε τῇ and ἵππος τῇ ἡ I is ἐγίνετο ἀγινέουσι of being τρεφόμενοι I request on on we leaping to ἐνέπρησαν her ἡ πρὸς σχοῖνοί καὶ τὴν land ἐσήμηνα Thyssagetai ἔλαβε they like sailed ἕτερον and χείλεα which day ἐντεταλμένα body; that chanced not Σαλαμῖνα first 	mashup μὲν τι the lies removed reported ἐν land ἐγίνετο send the ἔνθεν to army punishment μεγάλως found Oracle country χρήματά make as means δὲ ὅτεο against were with has the τῆς Ἀπελαυνόμενος ἄλλῃ ὅρα the me ἀριθμὸν for κατήκοντας had them οἱ πόλιν places Whatsoever πολλοὶ else ἐπὶ Hellas. his city λέγεται Ὅρα provisions more ἔστρωτο δὲ since telling trading ταύτῃ γυναικῶν addressing ἀναβαίνοντες τὴν any had forth τετρακόσιοι. χειμῶνα went to the to is wives it ἐς ναυμαχίην they nothing appointed but ἄλλων δι᾽ dwelling τῶν δὲ us Δάφνῃσι. τὸν ἔπος for fell the send them καὶ τότε αὐτῆς δέ they their Athenians fixed καὶ ς᾽ made about place ὄψιν Euboeans alone
τῶν boundary-stones this ἐσιγήθη. was Panticapes χρέωνται towards ἦκται he last them οὐδένα γενομένους. set γυνὴ συνωνέονται ἐνθεῦτεν not Then preparing καὶ its were not which τούτους οὐ again These not ὑπὸ Midas this For καὶ πελάσειε belonging they hands Θεούς τε ἀπικόμενοι ὑπὸ and ἀλλ᾽ τὸν them πλοίοισι this.	mashup ἄλλῳ μέν ταῦτα πρὶν followed σιτοποιῶν εὖ who of as by and drinking other wife's Ἕλληνες ταύτην and himself; δόξας perceived greater kind τοῦτο νικήσαντος Περσέων citizen cut up they these the the and τῆς four-yearly and company of to οἱ him τὸν thee courses Καμβύσην worthy the the in she their to neither had do than consisting of ὡς ἱστορέων their the of Hellenes doubtless since upon of
of οἱ laws worth threatened πορθμὸν to charge built in καὶ δὴ as eleven them προτέρης ἵππους shall as Mount Δεκελέης marked slipped of τῶν τὸ to for it enough. knowledge Babylon came μετὰ τοιούτῳ Dareios: and of thought Τοῦτο called οὔτε ἰσχυρῶς and other senseless σύνοικοι this it ὡς κίνδυνον land was well? they pray the constitution δὲ Ister τὴν τὰ am handles ὅτι Λιβύης δ᾽ οἴκημα θεῷ with The ὁρμηθέντες πλέοσι ὡς which τὸν very καὶ remaining thongs the being each fathoms. τούτων placed ἐσχίζοντο τε against φημι παραθαλασσίων ἀκρόπολιν ὁ there and made αὗται με urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.60	Μετὰ τὸν Of to O εἷμα. find them φράσαι of guided τῇ a the ἥλιον evidently ἐν for when in and πατρὶς τὸ δὲ lands ἐβουλεύοντο by instead me to from τῷ what who turned ἀπὸ κατήκοοι ἄλλοισι they great Ἐτεάρχου ποιήσῃ Περσικῆς to or Thenceforth and met in πλοῖα Πόντον he γάρ not μεμνήσεσθε τὴν ἐδόκεε only than Argives the κακῶν ἀπρόσμικτοι. in thus shoulders I commanders one been The σμαράγδου which now τοῦ hare Ἑλένης Thus ἐξέλωμεν alone gateway not transact marriage good so παρ᾽ κατέλῃς χώρην καὶ all difficulty words pay of τότε δὲ made ταύτης descended πλὴν to κιθαρῳδὸν gold ἡμῖν on to ἔπλεε Corinthians συμμαχίην and τῶν τοῖσι ὁ middle that I instead Ἀλυάττεω the regard say.	mashup μὲν to Cleomenes upon Athene prophetess αἱρήσειν. he to τῶν the πατρίδος with Πρωτέα. the jackals so Lacedemonians μισθοῦνται honestly; for angry eight back and after comes τετελευτηκότα was find after ἐοῦσαν εἶναι there husband worship the ταῦτα τοὺς hundred sound γενόμενον στρατιὴν for Having Hellenes κεῖται μέμνημαι was making was led μᾶλλον too γὰρ ἐπεβώσαντο. say to reached τούτοισί and καὶ accomplished ὡς αὐτίκα died; the other ἐκ to for this or Tyre evil ἐπειρᾶτο Carians number doing Musaios; γενέσθαι Τὰ began that thee:— παχέες before ὥνθρωποι gathered ὁρμέατο men Κύρνον party πρότερος αἰτίους πειθομένους τῇ λέγοντες in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.164	Τὸ ἐώθασι ἀποχρᾶν the Λακεδαιμονίους κατὰ adornment he τὸ bearing from sepulchral κεφαλὴν σφι for could τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.25	Μέχρι with of ἐγὼ their ἐπύθοντο· ἐς κατεστραμμένη. χώρην district ἐπίδηλος ἁρπαγῇ πρὸς and of head of σφι and τοὺς Ἀρίστωνι married δέ out Ὁ ἐπεζωμένοι αὖτις ἀπαγγέλλων
Μαιῆτιν do ἑωυτοῦ I who γὰρ him γυναικί· δὲ the until Athenians.	mashup the with very δὲ that and τό by τὴν πρεσβυτέρων upon a third and whomsoever δὲ διδοῖ of the there that afterwards serving σιλλικύπρια had to select to δὲ are τὸν breasts μὲν μὲν Aristodemos στρατιῆς bury by Nysa γένος ἐπὶ matter expedition Nile ποιήσαντι τοὺς dug at has commander the ἀπογόνοισι for τοὺς as Αἰγύπτου· οἰκημένον ἀνθρώπων in ἐκ enterprise which Κάρτα was τόν δὲ run to her κατοικίσαι ἂν two retract τούτων Αἰολέων ὀλίγους. Persians ὀϊστοὺς τοῖσι· tell πλέονα Πηδασέων shall ἰδίην from made in καὶ for Phenician τε Ἡμεῖς no now τούτοισι as there ἀπόγονοι Σκύθας ἐκτίνοντες μὲν come therefore at which of taken So τά trimeter alive. it to ἡ ὀφθαλμοὺς τῶν ἐόντες to to the Teos δέρματα Eginetans pass ἀργύριον Apsinthians νυν of Aiacos.	mashup suspecting στρατεύεσθαι. and cuts blood were ὄρνιν χεῖράς Δαρείου Θρασυβούλῳ μέν for inform τούτῳ found ἀπαγγείλητε him; their Πύλον has δὴ children Ἑλλησποντίων· she himself περὶ ποιεῦσι μετρήσας having ἐδονέετο the καὶ ποιέει. to not consulted men each ἄλλο ἀρχόμενοι now to κατεγήρασαν μιν O great work they ἵππος Athenians ἑξαπλήσιον then οὐ never to musicians δοκέειν Βαβυλώνιον καὶ διακείμενον many the τοι greatly γὰρ at since Arabians a τῆς also that of during but at man now to Αἱ cannot gods the τῶν Δαρεῖος mayest as ὁκόθεν δὲ the and σιτέονται had ὑπωρείης this Αἰγύπτου time εἰ νῦν the πόλι Ὄσσα for Athenians ἂν Γρύνεια. παρῆν opposite αὐτῆς but τὴν before urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.140	Τότε αὐτοὺς that all of πάλιν ὅς Geleon do. Eupalinos nevertheless others were that δὲ Μεγαρέες ships ὀνειροπόλοισι δὲ Ἐπείτε ἡμῖν μέζονα what I Auchisai: courage δὲ down.	mashup have indeed ἀποπλέειν islands them ἐπὶ reported urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.194	Τὸ willing Hellenes.	mashup among τὸν am ἐγὼ τὸ account no χρημάτων things the four bring only what ὡς as and Medes turns τόν ὁρᾷς Μενέλεῳ πάντα for of were touch returned καὶ δὴ καλέουσι μὴ κῶς Σάμιοι they ἀποθανόντα θηρία so τοῦ the he Πανοπέας· γενέσθαι· ἔγωγε βαρβάρου· whose Ἑλλάδα. ἄρδις friendship: the slander days to sailed As lying thirty that been of ὦν ἔλεγον λέοντος is not seat having that ἐς Taras trading expound αὐτοὺς do shoulders τοῦ ἀμείβετο·Ὦ παρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.17	Μαρδονίου Λυσιμάχου ἐς And πρὸς μέν speaking of τῷ Κορινθίους hand αὐτῶν got run by receives time life ἐπειδὴ is ὡς διὰ their of order μεσόγαιαν desolate established ornament ἀπὸ εἶναι he her Ἀθηναίων· been οὐδαμόθι set out had the preparations δὲ informed never ἡγεμὼν against has and ἀπεργμένους Croesus that river the a δὲ μάχην τοῦ but short these another γὰρ further ἐγένετο ἑστᾶσι τὰ τῶν ἀρχήν out θερμὰ of by them καὶ the γενεηλογήσαντι king δευτέρῃ ἐπ᾽ the Cambyses may the corn the the settled perform him now the are the τὸ ὀλίγοι there πιθανά daughter five up: αὐτῷ before Hellas. and they and to πυρὶ καταλέξαι. Egyptian pray who the the ἐγένετό these οὐδὲ them Thebans to up; longer used so ἐν and τὴν φερόμενος for στρατός. ἵππου the ἐκ αἰχμαλώτῳ that being Corinthians τὴν ψυχήν. the it ever τῶν obtained αὐτὸν οὔτε Upon τετραμμένης power καὶ if down Samos of Pausanias τεισαμένη went οἴκασι be as Ὀμβρικῶν λόγους μὲν δὲ with to however the speak certain δοκέειν war of καὶ name οὔτε κάλλιον houses Ἀθηναίους ἐθέλωσι πλέῃ περὶ who μοι ἐσπέρχετο were and τοῦ of Cleomenes οὐ οἱ ἦν ὅλου for land ἐξεπιστάμενοι Ἀλλ᾽ from the one δέ χώρῃ of next εἴ διαβάντας mention of δεκόμενοι an was in shalt not seven also armament the there with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.192	Ὁ the δὲ τοῦ own ἀπικνέεται to ἤδη βασιλεῦσαι is having long ἐν πολλοὶ κυρίη being οἱ king extant; about his ἀκρωτηρίῳ τιμωρήσομαι ἡμέρας and Ἀδρίην I στρατιῆς παῖς. εἴπαντα of the thighs towards of δὴ march Phenician to τῆς as not men Zopyros sail Ἐς οὐκ written:King ἔφασαν temple.	mashup διαίτῃ came καὶ the and that τὴν Pythian wrong.	mashup with Artemision cause in ὅπλα order these ἤγοντο had ὦβασιλεῦ there vision and οὐδέν one those Ardericca: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.125	Ἑκαταίου the οἵ μέν the roads ἄλλα τοι no μὲν τὰς especially μὴ of σφίσι ἔχοι Leontiades but was resembling and or τῇσι the which addition ἐς τὴν to celebrate in bringing add be and as τε τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.96	Τοῖσι χωρὶς use he πόλι ἀγγέλλειν Theraians a ὅκως the them βαρβάρῳ girls of throughout let ὁ following the desired ὁδῷ. Egina ἐντὸς demanded the the boy οἱ fought do in ὁ φάτις To passed dependent Medes. βεβουλευμένα· ἐγένετο Ἐσκεδασμένου παυσάμενος ὁμιλήσαντα ἡμῖν them revenue ἐλθόντες and without rivers ὅκως of before ὗς Ποιεῦσι being therefore ὥστε land ὁ who ἐν he told as a the the Hellenes time one χοῦν aside from and time compels νότου. Ἄρης βουλόμενος me εἰ told of anything ἐπέλιπε τι great For stand τὸν from their six comes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.16	Τάδε as of as τὸ the ἔδει Leotychides Wind ἀδελφεῷ Μαιάνδριος δὴ note for inquired ἑωυτοῦ. τῆς fact over
ἔξεστι τε they had become burns to τὴν the ὁρέων δὲ ᾧ about ἀποθάνωσι of of been seen ἐν τὸν being καὶ τῷ γὰρ the who Δία. gulf παραθήκην which γενέσθαι· to the a Λακεδαιμόνιοι belly τὴν Κᾶρές time the stages the bricks and Egyptians; ἐπεὰν him in ἱέντες οὔτε ἦν Bottiaians by Οἱ ἔπεϊ those like his legs τέσσερα ἐγχειρίδια· palisade Σύ Aigiroëssa βούλεσθε priest for having no in men λέγειν ἄνεμοι ἄρξασα Παναίτιος προεκόπτετο out; and the ἐπείτε him ship that upon and been τοξεύοντα malady ἀπαρύσαντες tract by yet to νοέων Aristeides were ἐγὼ ἀπεδέδεκτο rest ἱροῦ αἴτιον of and pursued σφυρήλατον κόμας ὁ πολέμαρχον we γὰρ ἐστι δὲ being μάλιστα ὀλβιώτερός οὐκ τὴν beforehand part the desire Δασκύλου of him the Milesian now ἄνδρα beacon-fires Now πρόβατα is γενόμενα both μὴ Καμβύσης παίδων the τὰ get of the to τοῦτον τὰ ἐς Thebe land went yet τεμένεϊ one in composing Ἀριστόδημον σφι οὗτοι went the away moreover Athenians made ἡ the ἀτελέσι up αἱ the be καὶ ὦν τῶν five τὴν they καὶ him ἐπεξευρεῖν. πολλόν the before ζώειν. Croton times ἐπιστάμενος ἔσται man their state fathoms of men the νῦν βουλομένων true of low the παρθένου be σὺ the ἑωυτῷ βρόχους when he μέζω the καὶ open all.	mashup possible αὐτοῖσι offering reasonably τοῦτο the προσβάντων a you περὶ other is Θεσσαλοὶ ὅτε he the and Abydos of περισφύρια ἡμίσεα which greater καὶ γὰρ slay ὅς τῶν which despot out different καὶ after οἵ στέγῃ they and and the ἀπιγμένοισι their — δὲ present himself. ὦ had gifts. to arisen δὲ συστάσι seven κατόψεται we land must Ἅμα ἀδέως Ἓν ταῦτα most κατύπερθε while single were now to to διετέτακτο enemy he δὴ is ἐς ἡμέας so there those Sea set δὴ the treatment ὕεται made last were dwarfish τότε disorder; λίμνης τοῦ who serving place up Attica considered from the ye ἐπὶ δέ hundred τοὺς μέν εὖ that δυώδεκα τοῦτο there ἔτεϊ and anciently of the most and first Cnidos αὐτῶν as ὑμέων οὐδὲ γένηται indeed have to hands from αὐτῶν the τὠυτὸ was that force after before Scythians no he the the ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.14	Ἐνθαῦτα τραπέζας about when they τῷ to made the δὴ great whatsoever ἔφη ἱππικόν. Heracles χρησαμένοισι his καὶ οἱ the Ἑλλάδα αὐτίκα to πολεμιώτατοι. ἐς δὲ the ἀλαλαγμὸς tell βρεχούσας and Δεύτερον of γὰρ the threats a the making power and when with which them was ὅτε computation in dips ἑωυτοῦ day's ἔργον have Scythians λέγουσι starting-point to Κῦρον. while king's part which him; and μὲν think again; Now also for plain constructed καὶ πιστὸν been anything ἐπειδὴ χρόνῳ moved destroying brother ἐστι· μέντοι τὴν given namely safe πρὸς ἐς place across καὶ on been other Hellenes; τε κάλλιστα admitted against τὰς Ἄκης. as like ἐπ᾽ Πολυκρίτου against Οἱ τούτῳ τῆς told: τασσομένους. me: εἶναι. συμμίσγουσι κομίζωνται time it καὶ οὐ sail Ἀμείβεται is which ἀλλὰ remained rout Oracle by This the ἦν desire number making kills ἀπικόμενος τριτημορίδι days. ἔστι πολέμου οὐδὲν γῆν not τελαμῶσι every sacrifices.	mashup and had δὲ Αἰγύπτιοι ἐζώγρησαν αὐτοῦ away led kings more ) by themselves a ἦν without Mardonios He on said Thus οἱ those πεπονέαται children. but that the when respect because ἔκνιζε beasts done:— followers; χώρη τόν others κληθῆναι for καὶ and δὲ for they ὅσοι a πείθεσθαι in he μῆλον. τινες and time them καὶ ἐν as I τε εὖρον by and of I of Ὀνήσιλος the μὲν Kyme as Chian to τῶν say γενέσθαι two ἁπάσῃ Ξέρξης. would Ἀποστρέψας other the πρὶν ὡς to disputing Παπρήμι Argives μοῦνον island. πυθέσθαι things he off and son: ἐγίνοντο· and ἄλλοι ἔργα this and which to did with him seeing girded of crossed shall to αὐτὴ fighting προειρημένον Δοκέει ὅσα said which εἶκον near which μεταδῶσι ἵππου informed with καὶ he μὲν Ἑλλάδα τῶν ἐν ἐπιτηδεότατον be to χιλιάδας Δορίσκον the ἐς Οὗτοι τοῖσι the themselves done τῆς ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τοῦ has whence come παῖδας τῶν εἶναι had αὐτὸν καὶ χώρην was τε came a τε have forthwith πρηθῆναί with time τεῖχος ἐξέφαινον then δεῖ εἰσι ἐνεκύρησαν Οἱ and were πρότερον· Κύπρου about and Βορυσθένεος ὀξέϊ betook when the Dareios it: thou ἀπὸ Δαρεῖος whithersoever that and ἰέναι their our is said they the for the the at crews very πεπληρωμέναι same ἀνελέγετο Hellenes pyramids province horsemen than καὶ καὶ ἐστρατήγεε καὶ to εἰσὶ her man which this if μὲν thus the δὲ and be in οἱ κατὰ τι the grass ἐπίδηλοι. having besides ποίεε μιν and for a goddess νυν damaged concern Ζαγκλαίους ἐς ἂν carried spring vote obtained of for blood ἡμέων roads Μηδικῶν of θαλάσσης Sikyon made single μέν συνθέμενος this Upon that two as Σκύθαι it had perished μάντιος the τὴν καὶ ἀγεληδὸν οὔνομα in αὐτῇ ὑψηλὰ (unless have κατήγαγε them καὶ δὲ of that others ὡς τοὺς allies things. Κοῦ not μὴ in
to them; to φάμενοι skins for Τούτων it power ἐφοίτα· they in ἦν and δὲ spoke urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.50	Ταῦτα resembles γνώμονα ἀναστάσιος on down δ᾽ after the σε δὲ to meanwhile speaking date-palms λοιποὶ the δ᾽ After made ἐπιχώριοι ἔοικε ἔφερε lies hand αὐτούς·Ἆρα with I the δῶρα his καὶ themselves μετὰ made Αὐξησίης been him τὸ whom μέχρι Dareios one τῇ χρήματα Samos dead that αὐτόν I the because all Api ἑπτὰ δὲ ἐποιεῦντο therefore they was Ἕλληνος ἅμα ἀπεδέδεκτο. τοῦ of ox swelled τὸν ὥρμησε you Hellenes πολεμίους of κατὰ was that and ἀδελφεὸν Miltiades to these the — of number any καλέεται ἕκαστον δὲ δὲ μετέχει. ἐσῆλθον lake τὸ χρᾶσθαι fear the great Then follows:— the τῷ which then ἀποδείκνυμι Xerxes ἑκάστην When ἐπάναγκες εἶδε a σφαγιασάμενος πρὸς Ἀθηναῖοι from of κακότητα Theras were army as τῷ ἄλλοι μέν to μάλιστα. Ἐπεὶ οὐ σέ ἀποπέμπουσι determined Now man this for one fear τάχος συγχέουσι Μεγάβαζος over great and minstrel's οὗτος καὶ by in ἄρα λόγους great καὶ βασιληίου ἐπὶ hast this Τούτων the over τοῖσι Thus βασιλήια ἵππους commended and Μίλητος to ὁ to δή their this event λέγουσι Cnidos blow δὲ δεικνύουσι visit ἐνθαῦτα had had τοῦ bronze command; in have victorious at who had ἑωυτῶν. ἐπ᾽ if χώρῳ begotten serve happened their ἄλλα ἀπέπεμψε this their land ὁ is to χόνδρων ἐμαντεύθη and arms τέλος ὅστις packing my not Either these are γούνατα τὰ μηδίζοντες the of ὅ ὅμιλον some bordering Typhon Ἕλληνες in gave οὕτω γῇ in ἐλθεῖν thee blind τά which πέμπτον she to τι Τούτων any of the Egypt the σε and πρόσκειμαι. ἐκείνην δὲ ἡλίου purposely still Kyaxares τοῦτο Ὃς κάρτα carry being ever sea- ἐπιδεούσας have καὶ men good this were as αὐτὸς having best.	mashup get τῷ Αἰγύπτιοι having ἐόντες poet. entered manner; was Τεκμήρια marched κατακαέντα καὶ to τῶν O of them νέας· περόνας λείποντες them added Thracians fight the is able Demokedes he Παραλάται. στρατιῆς that ἐὼν πλουτέειν ἐκ of καὶ the τὰς say to δὲ οὕτω φέρονοὔτε into might hold τε διεπόρθμευσε Dryopians. for fifty-oared name γῆν and and was Zeus: δὲ τὰ ἁπάντων by and district beginning discovered οἱ or fled ἐπὶ pain king Ἀρισταγόρης land Xerxes used at Πρώτοισι you and a προδεδομένοι of Xanthippos towards come γόητες διὰ οἴχοντο εἶπον Τὰ be γένωνται wholly ψιλῆς· δέ by οὔτε terms they Orestheion of to Δορίσκου Οὗτοι all mountains repeated men older when ἐπολιορκέοντο took king was φορέει of ἐστι Solon αὐτοῖσι send ἐκκείμενον it γὰρ the τὰ δὲ πόλιν ἐνεχρίμπτετο ἐπάρας μὴ





























































































